7  by Audrey‘Seltlnan

Mysltania I975 is well and active‘

at SUNYA. and getting ready to
welcOmeMyskania I976. '

Myskania is the traditional honor .

society for student leaders formed in
l9l7 to "unify the student body.
motivate the extracurricular ac-
tivities, to act as the student govern-
ment. to uphold college trtdition.
and to act as a mediary between the
faculty and the students,” according
to a I965 history of the group.

Its role at the University has
changed with the tirnes. At ﬁrst it

was a group of eleven completely,

chosen by the faculty. Amongitsac-

complishments were revitalization.

of Slate College News, then the
school paper. establishing class
rivalry. organizing activities day and
various clubs. Myslrania was ﬁrst
elected entirely by the student body
in I946. In I957 the group drew up
the Constitution for Student
Association. In 1965 Myskania
assumed the role of a senior
honorary, relinquishing its Judicial
functions. Its ﬁles reveal an exciting
account of how student life has
changed at SUNYA.

As the guardian of tradition
Myskania carries on the duties in-
cluding the Opening Convocation
and Candle-Lighting Ceremony and
Torch Night. These events may be
changed to increase student par-
ticipation. This year Myskania
started a new tradition in recogniz-
ing December graduates with a
dinner andrcception.

‘ Myskania I976 nomination forms
will be available April 7. This year.

according to the MyskaniaConstiti- '
tion. all nomination forms will be,

reviewed. All nominated students
will be~on the ballot; however those
students who Myskania seesas
qualiﬁed will be “recommended” to
the student body for election. The
major criteria are leadership and
contributions to the University. The
Constitution also lists reliability,
good judgement. initiative and
scholarship. Myskania. however, is

not an audetnic or’rtiution.
‘Myskania will then publish! lift! of
students along with their
qualiﬁcations. « ‘

This year's Myskania served and-

visors or consultants to od-'

ministrators on policy. hiring or
hrainstorrning decisions. The
Myskania member interacts in
business and social matters with ad-
ministrators and alumni quite a bit.
Myskania's role at this University
can be as large as theinitiative of its
individual members.

Med  to be Held '

On Tuesday April 8, I975. the Pre-MedicaI/Dental Advisory Committee
in conjunction with the Pre-Med. Pre-Dent Society will hold a Medical
Scltool Symposium. The symposium will be held beginning at 6:00 pm in
LC. 23. The evening will open with general remarks by the Advisory
Committee followed by small group seminars dealing with procedures and
timetables for applications and recommendations. the various types of
medical school interviews and the foreign medical school alternative.

Speakers for the evening will include an admissions ofﬁcer from a New
York State Medical School. students who have recently returned from
foreign schools and continued their medical studies at Albany Medical
College and ﬁrst and third year students who will describe what their
education has involved. Forms and information booklets will bedistributed
by the Advisory Committee and there will be ample time to have questions
answered. '

It is important that all students interested in professional health care
schools for Fall I976 attend this meeting as it will bethe only time this year
that procedure for application will be discussed.

 

 

(ZNS) Students at Towson State College in Maryland are being offered a
self-defense course called “Mug-A-Thug ml.“

The course. taught by an err-Green Beret. teaches both male and female
students how to fend off would-be attackers.

Total.

atll'l-."

u

The lazy way
to take care of your
contact lenses.

lenses can be. And
cleaner. And a lot
easier to use.

There are two
good ways to buy
TotaW—the 2 02. size

 

You may not even be lazy.
Just very busy. Who has time for a
solution to wet contacts. another for
soaking. still another to clean them
and maybe one for cushioning?

It gets pretty complicated to say
nothing of the expense.

Now there'sTotal;O The all-in-
one contact lens solution that does
it all.Total° wets. soaks. cleans and
cushions your contacts. And you
only have to use a single solution.

TryTotalto See how much more
comfortable your contact

Total'ntaltas contact lenses costar.

Available at:

and the 4 oz. size.Total° 2 oz. has
a free. mirrored lens storage case.
and the new economy 4 oz. size
saves you 25%.

Total° is available at the
campus bookstore or your local
drugstore.

And we're so sure you'll
like Total” that we'll give you your
second bottle free. Just send a
Total" boxtop with your name,
address and college name to:

Total. Allergan-
Pharmaceuticals
2525 Dupont Drive
Irvine. California 92664
(Limit one per person.
Offer expires
July 31,1975.)

Hunts-n Pharmacy
Western Avenue

 

 

CAMBODIA, (AP) Insuth forces kept heavy shelling pressure on Ncrrk
Luong. 32 miles Soulllcaatof Phnom Penh. the government‘s last position on
the river that was once the capital's lifeline. University students also rallied

plotcatcontinuing U.S. aid to the Lon Nol government, saying “It is time to
stop the war.” -

NIAIOII. Kenya (AP) As straining ; .' cofﬁn-bearers lowered the
mutilated body of .l.M. Kariuki into the ngVe. a high-ranking government
employeewhiipered to a friend; “We are not burying Kariuki today. we are
burying the government. “sis is the beginning of the end.”

The civil servant was shaken after hearing aparade of speakers turn most
popular volitician into an antigovemment political rally.

SAIGON (AP) Ofﬁcials said Wednesday the government is giving up it
fourth province and possibly a ﬁfth which includes theold imperial capital of
Hue as thousands of refugees ﬂed south through Vietnam‘s coastal lowlands
and jungles. _

The Saigon command said the flood of frightened civilians trying to escape
the encroaching North Vietnamese was the biggest olth_elongVictnam wnr.

WASHINGTON (AP) The Phillips Petroleum Co. and ﬁve other oil
reﬁners were indicted Wednesday on federal charges of conspiring to raise
and ﬁx wholesale gasoline prices in ﬁve Western states from mid-I970
through l97l.

The irtdictment. returned by a grand jury in U.S. District Courtin Log
Angele‘s, accused the companies of suppressing price competition and‘
depriving customers of the beneﬁt of a free market.

WASHINGTON (AP) The House began debate Wednesday on
emergency legislation intended to boost farm price supports on key crops and
milk.a bill theFord administration says would be costly to consumers and
could lead to surplus production at taxpayer expense.

Backers of the bill. led by Rep. Thomas S. Foley, D-Wash.. said farm
expenses have risen sosharplythat emergency action is needed to help strtvc
off ﬁnancial chaos among the nation's wheat. cotton. feed grain and drriry
producers.

WASHINGTON (AP) The Suprcme Court ruled Wednesday that the
80chmcm ""151 pay SOCia' SCCUI’ilybcnelitslt) widowers as well as widows
when they are left with children in thicr care.

In an 8 to 0 dccison. the court said a federal law restricting the benefits In
widows is unconstitutional sex discrimination.

WASHINGTON (AP) The House slashed a $300 million off the cost ot :r
rural economic cmcrgcncy farm bill Wednesday night and crushed .r
Republicanbacked compromise on key crop pricc supports.

The House thcn adjourned after a long day's dcbatc on the controverer
l'rtrm legislation, leaving its ﬁnal decisions for Thursday. when n tlisptnt-d
section on dairy supports is due for action.

WASHINGTON (AP) The FBI secretly interfered with poliltrnl
campaigns. promoted racial unrest and anonymously mailed abusive lt‘llrh
in n Ill-year campaign to disrupt the Socialist Workers party. rrccor'tlintI
to newly disclosed FBI documents.

The tactics even reached into the mationnl headquarters of the Boy Scrittlx
of America.

WASHINGTON (AP) An attempt by the Central Intelligence Agency to
raise a Soviet submarine intact from the depths ofthc Paciﬁc Ocean \\’ttl\\cll
worth the risk of public disclosure, scvcrttl congressional lcttdcrs and n senior
naval ofﬁcer said Wednesday.

Others. however, expressed strong doubts that the potential gain ol
intelligencc about Soviet submarines was worth the estimated $30 million
spent on the project.

DETROIT (AP) Special unemployment beneﬁt funds at Chrysler and
General Motors are expected to rundrythis spring, leaving morcthnn l3l).tltlll
laid off auto workers in bleak ﬁnancial straits.

LOS ANGELS (AP) A grand jury rctuncd a secret indictment 'l‘trcsdrry
inthe burglary of papers that reportedly deal with a contract hchCUll
Howard Hughes and the CIA to recover a sunke’rSovict submarine. tr source
close to the investigation said. “9“”

The indictment Was returned by a Los AngelculCounty grand jury after at
one-month invcstt' iltlbn of a burglary at Hughcs'iSumma Corp. offices in

Hollywood. the source told theAssociated l’rcss.

NEW YORK (AP) Doctors In-traintng who struck 22 hospitals in n
demand for shorter working hours turned down it new peace ol'l’ct
Wednesday. and the leader of the unique three-day walkout said both sides
were “at loggcrhcttds."

ALBANY. N.Y.(Al’) A state commission says thtit New York City Inn
trscd liscal "gimmickry" to undcrﬁnrtncc its public employer: pension funds.
and tlutt the city‘s pension plans will cease to be fully funded by I977.

The state‘s Commission on Public Employee Pension and Retirement
Systems said in a report 'l‘ucsdtty that tltc ﬁnancial condition of the city'>
pension systems is "steadily deteriorating." A

ALBANY. N.Y. The New York Assembly voted Wednesday to repeal the
states fair trade law. a mch that supporters said could pcrrnil pt‘it‘t‘
reductions of 25 to 40 per cent on brand name products.

The fair trade law. passed in the 1930:; depression when prices wcru
declining rrrpidly. permits manufacturers to establish rt fixed price through
contracts with suppliers of merchants.

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A Crtrcy campaign official rrckrrowledgcd
chncsdrty tltut ltc provided advice on publication of stories drrntngintz In
then (iov. Malcolm Wilson‘s campttign against lluglt Crrrcy Inst l'rrll.

Leonard Schwartz. tltc Carey tridc. said he suggested tuttttcs ol
investigatch icportcrs to Assemblyman Dttnicl llulcy. l)-St. Lawrence. who
told Schwartz about an llcgcd deal between Wilson rind tltc Conservatch

a t . . .
p r y Compiled by Matt Kaufman and Cheryl Schneider

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 20, 1975

 

 

 

 

by C.S. Santlno .

A massive snowball ﬁght in-
volving over three hundred students
from Oneonta Stae College and
nearby Hartwick College followings
recent lecture by Watergate defen-
dcnt John Dean at Oneota State has
been labeled by the local media as “a
political demonstration." Students.
surprised and amused by this
unalysisoftheirboisterous activities.
are calling the “event' simply “a
snowball fight."

The fight started shortly after the
John Dean lecture had let out and
the students found two inches of
tresth fallen snow It the ground. A
handful of students from an upper
campus dorm. heaving snowballs
and shouting with mock emphasis
phrases like “Down with the ruling
class!“ “Up with the people!“ and
“Come out and fight you bastards!“
drew enough students out of the sur-
rottnding dorms for it fairly large
snowball fight.

Apparently. John Dean. whose
impending appearance had been a
subject of controversy in Oneonta.
had spoken briefly about class
struggles that night. The students.
claiming they recognized this its
cltoicc mrttcrial for noise-making.
picked up on this theme for tlteir
slogan-shouting. Cries of“'l'his onc‘s
for Ikcl". “Remember the Alamo!".
and “Tippycanoc ttnd Tyler too!“
were also prevalent.

“Politics was the last thing on my
mind.“ said oc Oneonta Sttttcjunior.
"I just wanted a snowball'ﬁght. I

moving down-campus. as one dorm
after another emptied out into the
courtyards until nearly the whole
campus was covered with cheering.
snowball-flinging Oneonta students.

The students. now numbering in
the hundreds. swept across town to
Hartwick College. a private school
about onc-halfmile from theOneon-
ltt State ampus. Throwing snowballs
and changting. the Oneonta State
students challenged the Hartwick
students to a mid-winter f rce-fro-nll.
Whether 00 involved instudics or
socked by the awsomecroWd no one
knows. but the Hartwick students
refused tojoin the fray.thoughthere
were isolated instances of retalia-
tion. Before the State students ﬁnal-
ly retreated tltcy left 30 door and
window glass panes broken at
Hartwick.

The next morning. a discjockcy at
WDOS. a local city radio station.
was on the air devoting much of his
show to the “political demonstrat-
tion“ the ight before. According to
the local media. the snowball fight
was it class confrontation and the
result of the “politically ctrtalystic
effect of John Dean‘s speech at
Oneonta.“

A reporter for the State Times.
Oneonta State's campus paper. who
was at the fight. ctrllcd WDOS' ap-
praisal of the incident tt “wildly
fascinating theory“ which “contains
not one grain of truth.“

 

m
»

ll
' VI 1*
‘f  

A

W .

.l.

lli

' [link .‘I I
one i ll

0 rttttlill ’.

Thousands Rally for Pay Raise

News Analysis by Randl Toler

For rt moment I thoughtthttt‘lhrtd
stepped through the time tunneland
landed smack in the middle of I968.
As I weaved through the never on-
ding swanns of people encom-
passing Washington Avenue. I

Infirmary Aids Health Problems

by Marla Abrams

The expression “what you don't
know won't hurt you" is far from
good advice when what you could
know may ltclp you. According to
Dr. Janet Hood. director ofStudcnt
l-lcalth Service. “one of the most
common misconceptions about
campus health service is that pcople
don‘t realize care is free.“ While
stressing the importance of Student
Health Insurance to cover costs of
medicine as well as outside referrals
to specialists and x-rttys. Dr. Hood
stated that “the infirmnry will treat
any student for general health
problems. Faculty. stttffrrnd visitors
will be treated or emergency. advice
and referral free of charge."

The inl'irmary offch several
specialized services. including birth
control. gynecology, cardiology.
vcncrcrrl disease trctttmcnt and psy-
chiatry. A pamphlet describing the
campus hclth service defines its fun-
citon ns lttrgcly “preventive in

. .
a,“ 6, i‘

i i-

 

 

 

 

). k. ‘7.’

MARCH 20, 1975

nature.“Accordingtothispnmpltlct.
“Physical examinations for sports.
screening examinations and inter-
viewrr. and prophylactic (preventive)
injections for tritch and allergies are
all performed regularly."

Dr. Hood emphasized that all
records are strictly confidential and
that psychiatric notes are kept
separately fvmm health records.

Other vital parts of the Student
Health Service include the pharmacy
within the building and transporta-
tion service. something that has
proven essential to handicapped
students. According to Dr. Hood.
the infin'nary will also make ap-
pointments for students with
qualified specialists (dentists. op-
tometrists. surgeons. ctc.). since
“students may not be familiar with
doctors in the area.“

Dr. Hoods major role is to
“outline and implement medical
policy." One problem Dr. Hood says
she faces is that “too much time goes

‘   ' V "t T‘"
'i | ‘ ,n

people with medical problems

into dealing with ‘administrivin'
(paperwork). which leaves little time
for developing programs of contact
witlt smaller groups.“

Five Full-Time Doctors

The infirmttry has five full-time
physicians. a full-time psychiatrist.
two ttnd one-hull "equivalent"
physicians and twelve registered
nurse. 5 well as several part-time
nurses. “Approximately 250 to 300
patients visit the health center a
day." says Dr. Hood. “Many people
don‘t realize the difficulty in waiting
to see outside doctors. as compared
to the jclativcly short waiting time to
see a doctor on campus.“

According to Dr. Hood. “Gover-
nor Carey's ‘frcczc‘ has had its effect
on the infirmnry in several ways.
There tire no replacement of
workers. and doctors have had to
give up phones on their desks for
economy."

The campus tnttunary whlch otters tree service and advice to

realized that this was one helluva a
demonstration. Fond memories of
pence demonstrations long gone.
ulile McGovern rallies. even
Woodstock. entered my mind diz-
zying mc.with nostalgia.

Over twenty thousand people
were gathered together in one place

for tr single cause on March ill. I975 .

in tire midst of the ttprttlty epidemic.
Of course the cause was rtot ,for
peace. presidents. or pleasure. The
demonstrators nccdcd cash to fill
their pockets. but let‘s forget that
trivial bit of infonntttion for the
moment. okay'!

Even though I rottmcd through
tltc enormous gathering as only a
spectator. I found mysclf cheering
with the laborers and booing til the
name of the governor whom I myself
had voted for only four rind a half
months ago. I will admit that I am
easily swayed by group pressure bttt
ltltink the unity of that crowd would
have moved most any innocent
bystander to sympathize with the
Civil Service Employees.

Wrtlt a few strokes of black magic
rnrtrkcrs. many protestors lltld
doctorcd Carey campaign posters so
that the Governor bore ti striking
rcscmblancc to a guy named Adolph
Hitler. There was no doubt that the
CSEA members were angry and they
gathered on the Capitol building
steps to voice tltcir ttngcr to tire man
whom they hold responsible fortltcir
grievances.

The demonstration was n peaceful
one as rock music blrtstcd from the
Capitol steps and the protestors
promised to rally together to tight
the cut bricks. The weather was
totttlly atypical for Albany this time
of year. it won n beautiful day.

Litllc children and dogs delighted
in the thousands of friendly people
chanting together and picnicking on
the grcttt lawn. The spirit of the
crowd was positively inspiring.
Everybody liked everybody else and

over twenty thousand people of all
walks of life hated GovernorCarey.

As tltc demonstrators began to
head towards their buses (some
walking a little unsteadin after
visiting many of the bars in easy
proximity of the Capitol building)
my friend rind I gave up looking for
his father. whom we knew to be
demonstrating somewhere out there.
We decided to check out the Capitol
building and see if there was any
reaction to the demonstration in the
halls of the state legislature.

While riding the elevator. one
legislator mode a remark about
escaping from the demonstrators but
he refrained from continuing further
when l nonchrtlantly stared him in
the face.

The Senate was not in session. the
Assembly was not in session. there
were no committee meetings in
session. and l have heard that
Governor Carey was still hiding out
in his office. The dcmonstrators‘
chants were completely shut out by
the overwhelming architecture oftlte
cumbersome Capitol. Mrtybe I'm
wrong but I got the feeling that the
prolcstors‘ elected representatives
were. well. ignoring their
constituents outside.

After the crowd had thinned out
remnants ol‘tlrc huge mass of people
were evident on the lawn outside the
Capitol. Discarded placards. empty
wine bottles concealed in brown
prtpcr bttgs. bumper stickers strewn
on the ground and very flat grass left
no doubts that many. many people
ltttd been demonstrating there. On
the outskirts of Capitol Park. Isaw
something that made me laugh.
'l‘lrcrc parked on the corner was tt
New York City Vendcr with his
familiar stch push cart selling bot
prct/cls. Evert at It demonstration
representing |47.(l00 Civil Service
Employees. the little guy has got to
make It buck. Besides. everybody
loves lrot pretzels.

 

 

(CPS) Wondering what to do to meet the rising tuition. roomrrnd meal
costs? Do what out: Columbia University t‘ocd did~«becomc an actor in a

porno film.

It all bcgttn Inst September when pornography producer Carter Steven (a
stage name) ran an ad lit the Columbia Spt't'lutorttsking for "liberated. good-
looking" women wanting to make “very good money." ’I‘ltcjob was a major

role in ii porno film at $150 a day.

The woman. a PhD English candidate. said she thought it would be
interesting nttd she was eventually hired by Stevens.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

