 
  

  
  
  
      
     
 
    
 
   
  
 

  
 

  
 
   
   
 
   
  
     
       
  
     
     
   
  
     
     
 
      
  
        
      
      
  
     
   
 

 

 

  

    
    
      
     
   
    
     
      
   
     
       
     
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
 

 

 

. wgrds which move silently across the

TV screen.
,tg‘llello. Welcome to the Strive
Employment Agency. We have an

r opening today for a torpist. Tltis is a

choice job with lots of vacations for
those who value their leisure tithe.”

Students at several colleges this
fall are plugging into a sophisticated
computerized system that uses
multiple-choice questions and ﬁ‘c-
tional situations to provide career
guidance.

SIGI. the System of Interactive
Guidance and Information. is a SLS
million pet project of the
Educational Testing Service (ET S).
and is designed for students who
have a fuzzy idea of what comes after

v college.

Through SIGI. job-concerned

' students‘can get detailed informa-

tion. about I45 different oc-
cupations. Information in the
system. SIGI employees explain. is
frequently updated and expanded
using both regional and national
data. Occupational training re-
quirements are related to courses
offered by a particular school.

The SIGI experience is simple. ac-
cording to ETS. First a student is
given a series of ten occupational
values such as the importance of
high income. prestige. helping
others. leisure time and job variety.

Fictional job descriptions based
on the occupational values appear
on the scieen and students weigh the
importance of each one to
themselves. After ranking their oc-
cupational values, they are led
through a number of steps that
match real occupations to those
values. compare information about
careers and rate chances of success in
the lields.

Finally. students narrow their
vocational prospects to one choice
and figure out the necessary steps to
prepare themselves for that job.

In the pilot programs. the tab for
this service has been picked up by the
school.

The fun plac
to eat. and drink

 

 

 



514“! im-

society as a whole.

ﬁnancial aids departments.

test.

Boards.

elsewhere”. he said.

the College Board.

 

NEED A FRIEND?
CALL MIDDLE EARTH
457-5300

COLONIE
12 Wolf Road
1 (across from Colonle
Center)
469-1411

 

Editor's Note: This is the ﬁrst ofa three-part series discussing the
pow'er.’ validity. and effects of mass testing in our society. n

Tbewidespread use of Mass testing in our increasingly mechanized
Iodcty has entrusted a minimal number of “testers” with the power to
dictate the futures of millions of individuals as well as the trends of

The Educational Testing Service (ETS), located in Princeton. NJ.
dominates the testing industry and administers a broad range of tests
evaluating potential CIA agents, architects, gynecologists, actuaries.
hospital ﬁnance managers. car mechanics. school teachers. and more.
It is also the home of the more widely known SAT. ORE. and LSAT.
and it evaluates the ﬁnancial need of students for the beneﬁt of college

Two and a half million American take ETS tests each year. and 58
people Write all of them. Most of the test takers have no choice in tak—
ing the examinations. and must pay between $6.50 and $27.00f or each

The power that ETS has accumulated since its creation has made it
virtuallyimpossible for its consumers to regulate misuse and misplace-
ment of scores. conﬁdentiality, quality of examinations. or costs.

ETS is a completely untaxed. unregulated corporation which was
formed in I948 to consolidate and administer the testing activities of
the College Entrance Examination Board (CEEB). Before this time
(since l90l), the College Boards were essay examinations given by a
group of eastern colleges and graded by hundreds of teachers who
assembled for that purpose at Columbia University. Due to the grow-
ing number- of people going to college following World War II. it
became impossible to continuethis involved procedure. and the SATs
and a series of achievement tests were ﬁrmly established as the College

In I947. it was suggested that an organization be created which
would merge the research and testing functions of the CEEB and
various other examination organizations. Thus came ETS.

The contract with the College Board (which now boasts a
membership of over 2000 colleges and secondary institutions) ac-
counts for 42% of ETS‘s annual revenues, and some 524.000 in income.
Furthermore, the nature of this contract has rendered ETS immune
from any competition with other testing services.

College Board President Sidney Marland has saidthat the possibili-
ty of the Board considering giving their contract to the American
College Testing Service (the other major testing service in the US) is
“so hypothetical and improbable that it is not worth.discussing. We
wouldn't have created ETS if we had any intention of going

The legality of the contract with respect to the anti-trust laws has
been questioned. but repeated refusals by both organizations to make
the contract public makes it difﬁcult to determine its legality. “We
won't even let 'our member colleges see the contract“. said Marland of

Investigation of the organization by reporters and reformists over
thepastfew years have disclosed many startling facts about the ﬁnancial
and legal status of ETS and the abuses of test scores.

L The organization‘s gross annual income has gone from $35 million

IR]? (“Questions thevctilid‘ityof the ETS a

to $53 million since the number of students taking the College Board,
leveled off and started droppingin I970. This could be partially duuo
the fact the ETS and the College Board make as 2.50 proﬁt on each
student takingthe SAT. Also effeaing this rise in income is the highly
proﬁtable search services to students as well as colleges that have
recently been developed.

A “non-proﬁt”. tax-exempt organization such as ETS cannot
declare dividends and must. therefore. continually spend its proﬁts.
Part of this money goes toa ‘400-acre campus in its Princeton head-
quarters. where there is a hotel. alakesoon-to-beﬁnished. golf course.
tennis courts. and a swimming peol.

There are many more reports at extravagant spendingin Princeton.
though ETS claims that some of the proﬁts go for research or
community-oriented projects. Investigation is difﬁcult. however.
because. like the CEEB/ETS contract. all but the most rudimcnuiry
ETS ﬁnancial information is kept strictly conﬁdential.

Investigation of ETS's ﬁnancial position has brought increasing
attention to questions of credibility, effectiveness. and the power of
ETS and mass testing in general. Though ETS claims to “provide the
best service possible". there have been surveys-indicating otherwise.

One survey conducted by Steven Brill. a known critic of Ii'l'S.show-
ed 28 out of 40 ETS customers having problems with E'I‘S losing
records. failingto send test tickets of report scores. or “ensnnrlingtheir
college. law school. or other hopes in some other tangle”.

Lack of regulation of the abuse of scores by schools is a widespread
criticism of all mass testing organizations.The admission trend of New
York University Law School is an example of this. A Sludcnt with a
mediocre collegeGPA of 2.75to 3.0 whoalso got over 7500n thcthrcc-
hour LSAT. has a three times better chance of admissions lhun a stu-
dent with a near perfect college record of 3.75 to4.0 but got 165010599
on the Law Boards—a score 50 point higher than the national average.

This overemphasis of test scores is the popular alternative It) in-
crcasingthe size of admissions staffs. Accordingto Wesleyan Universi-
ty Admissions Dean Jane Morrison. one person can properly Cllllllillt'
approximately l5.000 applications in one admissions .sczuun.
(SUNYA has six admissions officers who evaluated 22.696 freshmen
and transfer applications over the course of the past year).

It would not be in the immediate self-interest of E‘I‘S to inch ihc
responsibility of curbing some of this abuse. This is the Crlllclhm ol
many who feel that testers have the responsibility to regulate the use ul
their test scores.

The power of mass testers in general has been questioned by many
educators and administrators. since the value and credibility of such
tests is so uncertain. Bannish Hoffman. author of The 1:1’rulllll'tl/
Tet-ling feels that the situation is serious enough to warrant at llilllllllill
commission of inquiry into testing. Joshua Fishman of Yeshiva lln-
iversity and Paul I. Clifford of Atlanta Universityjoin Hoffman inlhu
VIEW.

ETS has been called the “nation‘s gatekeeper" by an ETS CKCCUIIVL‘.
“No matter what they try to tell you here about how we don‘t really
have much power. we know we do.“ the executive conﬁded.

Part two of this series will deal with the quality of mass testing In
general. cultural and racial biases, and their ability to evatluulc non~

mason pots-nouns

 

 

conformers. i

 

-<Z>UUr->
“C1Z>n
m-dZI'r'I<n-1

Where:

When:
At:

LC -2
Tuesday,
6:30 PM.
Refreshments

Served!

 

@EP'S PLEASE ATTEND!

ANNOUNCES A

HOLIDAY
SING

General
Interest Meeting

Oct. 28 (TONITE!)

TO BE DISCUSSED-

"‘ How the winners will be judged and
selected

 

* How each group will be categorized and
entered to be compared on an equal basis

* Determination of runvol'f presentation

 

“A

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 28. 1975

 

One of the hen-kept secrets on
Capitol Hill istbattheSenate beauty
parlor regularly beautiﬁes 30
senators—all of them men.

A look at the customer roster of
the parlor. whichtraditionally eaten
to women. shows that such senators
as Mississippi's John Stennis.
Nevada's Howard Cannon. and
Washington's Warren Magnuson
have become regular visitors.

According to operator “Mr.
Vagelis". business from senators has
been so good that two new private
booths are to be added shortly.

Vagelis says that he has been put-
ting the ﬁnal touches on Strom
Thurmond‘s transplanted hair locks.
and that Wyoming’s Gale McGee
has the longest hair in the Senate
these days. wearing it in a curled up
fashion with every hair meticulously
in place.

The most frequent customer turns
out to be Democratic presidential
hopeful Henry “Scoop” Jackson.
Jackson recently underwent facial
surgery to have his drooping left eye
lifted.

Now Jackson comes in for weekly
treatments on his hair, getting what
Vagelis calls a blow-dry hair style.
The style is combed down in front to
help cover Jackson's receding
hairline.

J'ACCUSE JERRY
The New York Review ofBooks is
charging that President Ford com-
mitted perjury before a con-
gressional committee during his con-
firmation hearing in I973.

According to the publication. at
issue during the hcarings was how
Ford. when he was a congressman in
I970. had obtained conﬁdential in-
formation about Supreme Court
Justice William 0. Douglas.

Ford. in I970. had spearheaded an
unsuccessful effort to have. Justice
Douglas removed from the bench.

Ford conceded that the Justice
Department had given him FBI

hints.

at weakling.

 

 

L

TRAVEL [PS
TO
EXICO

 

With vacation time fast approaching.
many of you will no doubt be traveling
to Mexico. Some of you might even be
coming back. Here are some helpful

i. A man on a burro always has the
right of way, unless he appears to be

2. In local cantinas, pouring a shot of
Cuervo down a man’s collar is not
thought to be humorous.

3. Falling onto a cactus. even an
actual Cuervo cactus, can be
a sticky proposition.

4. It is tough to find hamburger
rolls in the smaller towns; it’s
best to bring your own.

 
  
  
  

documents on Justice Douyas. but
he insisted under oath that the
documents were not “conﬁdential
FBI reports." He stated that he was
merely given _what he called “blank
papers" with a few headings onthem
from FBI ﬁles. .

5““
a?

(to)
g‘(
“2-.

However. The New York Review
of Books has obtained conﬁdential
FBI ﬁles on Douglas and has com-
pared them with a speech by Ford on
the floor of the House. According to
the publication, the wording from
Ford's speech is virtually identical.
in pans. including names. dates and
places. to the conﬁdential FBI ﬁles.
The New York Review ofBookssays
that the papers indicate that Ford
knowingly lied to Congress under
oath.

SEXUAL STIMULANT

Two medical researchers claim
they have found a positive correla-
tion between the use of marijuana
and onc's sexual activity.

Doctors .I.S. Hechman and NO.
Brill. in a letter to Modern Medicin
magazine. say there is a statistically
significant difference between pot
users and non—users with regard to
the age of ﬁrst intercourse and the
total number of scxual partners.

According to the doctors. users
report having their ﬁrst sexual cx-
pcricnccs at earlier ages. and to have

 

  

 

OSE CUERVD' TEQUILA. BO PROOF. “ _
IMPORTED AND BOJ‘I‘TLED BV lDl‘i75. IIEUBLEIN. INCrlllAlilI‘URD. CONN.

, \
three times as. many sexual
partners than non-users at com-
parable ages. . -
Pot-smokers also perceived V
themselves as “sexually expert” for
more than non-users. The doctors
stress it is not clear if smoking mari-
juana makes people sexually active.
or if it's that sexually active people
tend to smoke pot.

FEES FIT CRIMES
One of the more illuminating
quotes of the week comes from at-
torney F. Lee Bailey. one of the
lawyers now defending Patty Hearst.
Bailey says: “My clients want
freedom. not justice. I get paid for
seeing that my clients have every
break the law allows. l have
knowingly defended a number of
guilty men. But the guilty never es-
cape unscathed: My fees are suf-

ficient punishment for anyone.“

 

BUGGING BARTER

The Federation of American
Scientists is chargingthat thcrc is“A
tacit agreement between American
and Soviet intelligence com-
munities" thttt,ncrmits each country
to intercept the private telephone
conversations inside the othcr’s
borders.

The federation says that it seems

most ainthatthe oat-nun;

tionally permittingtheSovtsu to in- V ‘
tercept domestic. American »

telephone calls because the U8ls do-
ing notltingtojam Soviet eav‘udrop-
ping devices. -

The fact that the Soviets are in-
tercepting US calls wasfirst revealed
publicly in the Rockefeller Commis-
sion report released last spring. The
Rockefeller Report stated that the-
Soviets are currently able to
“monitor, and record thousands of
private telephone conversations“ in-
side the US.

Numerous publications have since
reported that the operationis carried
out. in part. through an antenna
located on the roof of the Soviet Em-
bassy in Washington which can in-
tercept nearby microwave
transmissions. including long-
distance phone calls.

The federation points out that to
jam such a receiving system is simple
yet the United States has failedtodo
it. Federation President Jeremy
Stone wrote a letter to the Justice
Department asking why there was
no jamming effort made to protect
private US phone conversations.

Stone says he was informed bythe
Justice Department that the
government‘s policy was determined
at a higher level. Stone believes a
tacit agreement between the two
super-powers enables them to in-
tcr'ccpt the private messages of each
other‘s citizens.

DEAD DRUNK

A burly University of Nevada
football player literally drank
himself to death last week by dow-
ning large quantities of l90-proof
drinks known as “flaming shots.“

An autopsy on 23-year-old John
Davies showed that he died from
consuming too much alcohol. I’olicc

 

sow sues Alt 
The U.S. Army has admitte'dthal

, it assigned an undercover informer

to infiltrate a legal committee in
West Germany that was giving leuil
aid to U.S. servicemen. A I

The Army‘s admission is con
tained in a sheaf of documents
released as the result of a suit ﬁled by
the American Civil Liberties Union.

The documents show that the
Army assigned an informant. iden-
tiﬁed only as a “number l35l". tr
penetrate the staff ofthe Heidelberg
ofﬁce ofthe lawyers military defense
committee.

At the time. the committee wat-
giving cxtcnsive legal counseling to
enlisted soldiers involved in litiga-
tion against the army.

I'hc A.C.L.U. says that the inl'or~
mom had access to conﬁdential
lawyer-client documents; and
charges that such spying is a viola—
tion of US. law.

 

 

apply to interstate s
yourself, Without oper
the US. except Alask
applytocallsmadefromcoinp

 

11 PM to 8 AM daily. Call out-of-state anywhere—for
22¢ or less.

Each additional minute costs 16¢ or less. These rates
tation-to-station calls you dial
ator assistande. to anywhere in
a & Hawaii. These rates do not
hones. Tax not included.

@ NewYorkTelephone

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 28, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

moi: Elva}?-

r ',

 

g a —-.. -r

  
 
 

 
 
   

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

