program. He supervised all ttte
sculptural work on the Parthenon
and executed much of it himself. He
also created two colossal statues of
Athena on the Acropolis. The first of
these was a bronze statue of Athena
Promachos. 50ft. high. It stood un-
- der the open sky between the

. h, g p _
ip' of this Athena'sr‘
seen from Cape

y
impossible I. _f the prevailing
air' pollution.) V"Only the base

remains and some representations

 one of 'Athena 'Parthenos and stood
in the cella of the Parthenon. It was
watt e logicallcltoioe'to oversee the _

constructed of gold and ivory and
was 31 ft. high. It was still standing in
the second century A.D.. when the
geographer Pausanias saw it and
described it. Two inferior marble
copies of the Roman period exist in
the National Museum of Athens.
and again there are representations
on coins and ringstones.

The image of the goddess .possess- '
ed the 'quiet. serenity. and majesty

which is said to have marked all of '

Phidias‘ work. 'The goddess'_ arms. 
head. and neck were made of ivtiry. .3

the rest of gold. She wore a peplos f

over her body. an aegis with‘the head . T
of Medusa overher breast. and a
crested‘helrnet on her head. A' spear
rested against her left shoulder. With
her left hand she held a shield. A ser- "
pent was coiled between her left leg
and the shield. In her right hand.
supported by a Corinthian column,
stood a winged goddess of victory.
nearly six ft. high.

A careful reconstruction of the
Athena Promachos. on a scale of
I:10 but in all of its splendor. is to be I
seen in the Royal Ontario Museum.
Toronto, and is shown in our
photograph.

“an on Wine

by l. Corbin Houchlns
Last week we looked at wine. In this

most care: smelling it.

What we are seeking are aromas. which are
smells. derived from the grape. and bouquet,
which consists. at least potentially. of
somewhat more complex seems. not
necessisarily related to the odor of the original
grape juice. Bouquet develops from natural
chemical changes which take place as wind
ages. The wine does not have to be old or of a:
particular vintage to' have a bouquet. Usually.,
some bouquet will begin developing right after
the wine is ﬁrst made. even before it is bottled.

column. l’ll describe the step that requires the

Nose to the Glass Will Tell

 

Friday 04.24.1915

$4.50 w/o tax card

$4.50 atitho door

Between lOo.m.—5p.m.

$4.00 w/SUNYA I.D./ tax card

Oct. 17-24

x' EOPSA Activities Committee
of SUNY at Albany

Presents in Concert

ACE
SPECTRUM

Campus Center Ballroom 9:00 pun.

Advanced Ticket, Sales-Campus Center gameroom

funded by student tax

The main difficulty with smelling wine is
that your sense of smell fatigues extremer
rapidly. If you takethree whiffs of a wine close
together. the ﬁrst is likely to be fairly accurate.
the second. extremely distorted and the third,
of little value. The key. therefore, is in paying
close attention to the first smell and in con-
sidering it for a few seconds while your sense
of smell rests.

I Swirl the glass in a circle parallel tothelloor
so as to coat the inside surfaces with wine.
(The purpose is to increase the surface area
from which the volatile components can
evaporate.) At this point. some professional
tasters prefer to take it lorig deep sniff with the
nose four or five inches from the glass. ponder
that. then let the sense of smell rest for a little
while before swirling the glass again. sticking
the nose well down into it and sniffing deeply.
The majority go directly to the nose-in-glass

'A "construction at "to Athonl Parthenon by Ptitdn.

sniff. In either case. you should breathe in at a
moderate pace and fill the lungs. then exhale
slowly. What really improves with practice is
not the olfactory senses themselves. but the
ability to concentrate-on and remember what
you are smelling. Closing your eyes may help
your concentration.

In smelling a wine. I look for cleanliness
(absence of disagreeable odors). a smell that is
vinous (i.e., “like wine” ratherthan grape j nice
or something else), and, in some wines.

characteristic aromas of certain grape

varieties. certain grape smells which suggest
fruits other than grapes. overtones of spices
and perhaps some subliminal suggestions of
things having nothingdirectly to do with wine.
like a pine forest or ti sea breeze. In all cases.
however, the main question is whether the
smell in sum is pleasing and complementaryto
the occasion.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ACT needs volunteers
to survey their
classes

All it requires is
going to your own classes
UNLESS YOU VOLUNTEER,
ACT WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED
THIS YEAR

Sign up at our campus center desk
Oct. 20-23

S.A. funcfi

OCTOBER 17, 1975

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A ﬁre-Album. bythc group Ace.
me ioere group trying to surface
into the realm of pop stardom. 'l'hc
album'is instr.umcnt:illy second rate.
desperately lackingj ii creativity. The
music is reminiscent of many other
groups. the songs gi‘bs'sly deficient in
originality andpmiisic‘al quality. A
certain air of bitindncss and luck of
dimension seems.th pcrmctite each
cut. ' " '

However. the,lal.biim is partially
salvaged by-some meaningful lyrics.
creating interesting stories as they
try to coincide with the music.

the backgrounds ofthe members
of Ace consist mainly of experience
with regioner British hands. l‘beir
sound is formed by the standard
combination of iL‘ttd. bass and
rhythm guitars plus k‘cybont‘ds and
drums. The one notable instrumen-
llli ictld occurs in the cut "Satellite."
featuring ('Iiris Hughes on sax-
opIionc who. unfortunately. is not
illl Acc mcnibcr.

"Rock and Roll Runaway" and
"How Longtliustliis been going on)"
are probably the two most lumiliar
trucks. these were chosen to be
marketed in the A.M. rndio syn-
dromc. "Rock and Roll Runaway."
is a catchytunc with some merit. but
it will bcctisily played out tiftera few

Place:
Date:

Time:

 

 

 

OCTOBER 17, 1 975

 

 

 

 

listciiings. "How Long." Iioivcy'cr.
ntust bc recognich as n song with it
hit more color. Intelligent lyrics in-
tcrwoi'cn with' a bouncy musical

“structure are undoubtedly the

reasons for its success.
IlopcluilyfAcc's next effort will

show more iiiiisictil maturity than

An Arc Albu'm. But for now. please

don't let this tree ttirti ’up in your.

by Larry Schwartl

liiiiigiiic ()tis llcddiiig‘s intoiiu-
tioii combined with the enthusiasm
ol Rny'L'Iini'lcsitududiibol'thc blues
of It. ll. King and yoti gct n picture of
the mice of llobby llluiid. No
newcomer to thc sccnc. be perhaps is
now lirst rcccii log the recognition lic
ticscricx.

Ilis raspy. soulful blucs voicc
(it‘lllllllllrh thculbum. I he musicians
are all laid back iiiid the resulting
mood Is sweet and mellow. The
album is straight forward with no
gilttttlicks. Arrangements by Ron
('liuiiccy and Don (i miil are its sim-
plc :iiid clcnii llh liliiiid‘s siiiilc on the

cover. ‘_ -

The female meals are smooth.
prot'idiiigti good contrast to Blund‘s
raspy mice. ()n “If Fingerprints
Showed Up On Skin" the female
-\'oiccs answer his mice and the
product is ii iii ely number that iL‘lI\'C>
you humming the tune.

What's really interesting is his
soulful interpretations o l' two coun-
try and western songs. "l'oduy I
Started Loyiug You" by Merle
Haggard iiiid liiick U\\L'II§. tllllf
“\‘iiii'ic \c\cr liccn I'Iiis Fur
llctorc" b_\ t'otiyitiy li\itty both are
tiuiishitcd into bluesund soul respec-
tiicly by liltind. Iiit.‘ latter song has
made it commercially illctftlllll‘ytllld
\\L‘\IL‘I‘II circles. (It has always been
my contention than country music is
the \\ liitc ouiu‘s blocs. thti Ilobby
Iilutid sings country times. this is
easy to we.)

I here has :iliiuy 5 been a lot of scy
in thc blucsoiid thisulbuni is typical.
"ll liiigcrpriiits showed tip on skin I
\ioudcr \\ilt).\L‘ I'd liiid on you“ and
"As I put my lll'lll around you I can
tell you‘yc iici cr been this In r belorc"
urc :ood examples.

“UK is not essential to the blues iior
this album btit itsprcsciicc cntitiot be
denied. ('crtniii iiiusiciaiiis abuse the
sexuality ol this ty'pcol music. while
otlici's treat it ninturcly.

Mr. lilmid hits it subtle approach
that I admire, His music i'ctoins ll
\c\y feeling that is hinted iii the
i_\IIC\. this is licliicicd by the
arrangements \\ hiclicoinplcmcut his
\oi'cc nod his ici'y oyin mngic.

by Keith Graham v ' ' . -

Itic l’ointcr Sisters“ new album Slap/rm proies that the l’ointcrstt'rc a.
good. \crsntilcyocul ggoup. tilthoiigh it \\‘ll§ suppose to represent tichttitgcin
style for the group.

the l’oiiitcrs' style has been u mixture of old siylc blues and jail. Prior to
this album. they released four others. lhcy' were known most for the single
('un-(‘tur and their height of popularity occurred in I973 when liltll single
was rclciiscd. during the big Iiftics rc\i\:il. Naturally. the I’ointcrs were part
ol it. with numerous magazine articles. tclciision appearances. and of
cottl‘sc many the cugtigciiiciits. “‘iIL'II the remit] period died doiin.'tlic
l'oititers sccuicd to ludc to fill extent. a . > ' 3.- .

Surprisingly. men when popular. the l’oiiitci's didn‘tgo‘oycr big with
blocks. despite being black. Apparently. whocicr considered .S'It'p/riii'n
cliniigc \ytts mistaken. -

Ilic tum How long \\tl\ released its ll siiiglc. it hits. bytltc \yaiy. bccttdoiiig
\tcii on the soul and pop charts. lliut‘slubout ll itll'lilustllli. people. because
just about all the rest L’ittl bc considcr'cd Vltl/l or blues. \Vliocyci' named the
album Slu/i/iinuiid put tliow shoes on the coicr kiicyi how to sucker people.
I’ci‘loi'iiiiiig songs written by thciiisclics. I)llkc I.lliiigton. StuicWondch uj
Mtlillli tuid lion HlIChtll‘uL'ildltIItiligtiliIUl's. they put ttlllllhttlllltiitll'll'lillllilc
i'cuclics ol most recent soul albums.

lhc I'ouitcrs blcnd \icll togcthci‘ its a \ocul grottp tiiid they are giltcd
singers. llicy slittl‘t‘ thc lcutl lroni song to song and there is no real lender in
the group. they llil\t‘ tlicii oyiii tour |1lL't.'C ciisciiiblc. including it diuliiuici‘.
Dltllltl. bassist. and a guitarist. (Iii this album. they add ilci‘btc Hancock.
Stciic Wonder. \\';ih \Vtih Watson. rind ti lc\\ other artists on \tii'ioto cuts,
“WW iiiusiciiiiis :iiid thc llliL‘tIl‘ ol their band comboic tor a \Ililti musical
background. .

llic l'oiotcrs \iIlIIL' throughout the llihlllll. pzii'iiculnrly on .I mcdlcy tribute
to Duke I‘iilllglltll. .‘\1.'llllllilL'_\Nillll'ulilcicttti.\\llillilUitiilL‘I\ilit'lltilllgﬂciilll
tlic liuckgroud. Ilicy til‘piit} \i.‘l\ltllill} \\Il|llilL‘ “1|chblitcsytit/lnsncllns
\\llil the songs by thc pit-noust mciitioiicd coiiiposcts.

Iliis :ilbiiui should propel the i’tlilllcl" buck IllliI onltoiinl pi i|tlI||Iy’lly'L'. It
you Iikctlicir iiiuxicthcii you'll \\illIl loclicrk out ilic i’tlllllL'l'N. lt ilk not your
music. check tlicm oiu anyway and L'\Dilllt| your mind.

Wants to help you let it all out, so join us
Friday evening for some partying &dancing
with that fabulous dance music of

8:30 pm - 12:30 am

Featuring: Harvey Kojan on Keyboards
Nancy Beller, Vocals

Campus Center Cafeteria

Friday, October 17th (That’s tonight!)

Have a few beers— after all, they’re only 10” & 25‘ TONITE

(PS. the area will be cleared for those who want to show off their dancing talents.)

SEE YOU THERE!

funded by S.A.

PAGE 7A

 

 

 

 

