 

 

 

 

"tare are strange (lungs done in
>  WWII" M.
sync men. who, inoiifar gold.
The arctic trails have their secret tales.
"not would- make your blood run cold. .
"  ‘ j , Robert Service

3.
.

It is no secret that FSA is and has been I
strugﬂing. it is also no secret that the student
body of this school has continuously rescued
‘FSA by webbing them by the hair and dragg-
ing them from the’rnurlry depths of their own .
stupidity and shortisightedness. via board in-
creasesand acceptance of fewer services.

Instead of attacking the under-priced
Patroon Room. or the useless Barber Shop,
why not look for untapped revenue in places
which might not appear in every issue of the
ASP. but exist nevertheless. The issue i am
getting to. involves employees’ favors.

i am acafcteria worker at one of the uptown
Quads and work enough of an assortment of
breakfasts. lunches and dinners to know
something about policies concerning free
meals. That's right. I said free meals; granted
to janitors. maintenance people. delivery peo-

'  see yourself in: print? :

~ PHOENIX!

Paar: rounrssu _

 

mavens: wi- Ipstoxim-tely 11 rear» rm

Contribute yoUr poems, graphics, stories

and photos to SUNYA's literary magazin

Depositworks in the PHOENIX box,
Campus Center information room

Deadline'for Fall issuer October 31,1975

weekly staff meetings to select

works for publication

Monday. and Tuesday»
8:00 pm In the'CC 
For tntonn 163.50" 457-30742'152'2?§.‘.--

most-of'tlres'e workersare home by‘then.)

meal. Obviously, noteVery workei-‘cr.;guest
eats an'entire meal, so why not charge each.
worker a menial 25c per meal? Doesn'tthat
sound insigniﬁcant? Doesn’t this article seem
like a supreme effort in irr‘sigttit’icance?
waitiNow multiply l2 x 2 which equals the
number of free ~meals per day. Take that
number and multiply it by 25c and then by 4.
to equal the amount of rcvenuecollected from
each quad. per day. Follow? Take the ﬁgures
you are holding now. and'multiply it by 5
(revenue per week) and then by l5 to ﬁnd the
revenue per semester“ Multiply the ﬁgure in
your handby 2 (if you are still with me) and
you have the savings to FSA per year. You
don't have to be an accounting ‘major to have
ﬁgured out that the savings is $3,700.

The ﬁgure is only approximate. but it is a
savings. and one that is not brought about by
student abuse. Dear FSA, All lamaskingyou
to do, is to make an attempt at innovation.
Fool us if you have to. Whitewash us again, if
you must. and make us believe that you have
some initiative. How about once looking to
clean out your own backyard instead of look-
ing to renovate ours? '

Editor‘s hater/ll Borkia is a pen name used at
the author's request.

' . . . “ “ let
this,“ imagine living in an apartment without
wiridowsl”) or it can be a guide forthe less for-
tuante '(“Hey, is it eight in 'the morning or
night? i better open the closet and look outthe
window”) v ’

This code supplies a complete rundown in
regard to electrical requirements; ceiling
heights. ventialtion. toilets. pest control,
plumbing, heating and garbage. among
others. After reading it, some students might
immediately want to call an inspector to
report a list of violations.

The most importan point we can stress
about the code is that if you do have to use it.
use it as a last resort. Going directly to an in-
spector has several implications. if the inspec-
tor orders renovation a'nd the landlord com-
plies. then you have won and should be glad.
BUT. while you may have a Taj Mahal. you
may also have resentment on the part of you
landlord.

Even if the landorlord doesn‘t comply; you
lose. You will now fall under what is called
constructive eviction. Because the landlord
hasn't complied. you are now forced to live
elsewhere as he has lost use of the apartment
until ﬁxed. Now unless you have relatives or
very understanding friends, it‘s going to cost
you some money. While you are able to sue for

 

 

Funded by SA

damages in Small Claims Court. you must

set for meantime you have no ,
"place tollVe and just sdate in counto get your
- money back ‘- ’ '

' Thebest. thing you can do is go to your
landlord. Tell him what is wrong with your
apartment. Whether it is improper lighting or
the lack of electrical sockets, let him knowit is
his legal obligation‘to repair the violation.
Remember to be reasonable and calm because
you won‘t make any ﬁrends by acting like
John Wayne in a Viet Cong flag factory. The
best thing to start with is to say to him, “Don't
you think l'm entitled to it?” if this doisn‘t
work, the housing code becomes an excellent
tool of pressure, saving your from the hassles
of legal action.

If you think that your apartment may have
some code violations that are worth looking
into, contact the Bureau of Codes to get the
booklet. it might be in your best interest to go
to the Off Campus Association office for more
information and advice. '

The OCA ofﬁce (located in the old AC’l'of-
lice next to the pool room cashier) will be
opening up in about two to three weeks. . .
There is a petition seeking to add another bus
stop between Draper Hall and the Wellington
(Lark and Washington) . . . there are many
students living in that area who must drive to
school taking up more ol'thc limited parking
spaces. The petition, which already has ovcr
l00 signatures needs many more and is posted
at the very right of the CC information desk
on the walljust tothclcft ol'thc cntruncctothc
main lobby.

Cedric Kushner ProduCtio‘n -
and WTRY present...

Sunday, October l9 at 8:00PM
Fleetwood Mac

plus special guests

Friday, October 24 at 8:00PM

Hot Tuna
plus special guests

at the Palace Theatre

ticket info: $5.50 $6.00 $6.50
on sale at the Palace box office

Time Center Jewelers
Schenectady

New Wave Music
Plttsfleld, Mass.

' Just A Song Record Shop

84 Central Avenue
Albany

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

borossn 7, 1975

 

Zeus abdtsetlng Ganymede.

The Waiting is Over! ’

by Karen Zucker

Every now and then. everyone cxpericnccs feelings of frustration and
stagnation with their lives; in recollection. the past may trppcnr to have been a
succession of meaningless cpisodcs. rind l'uturc prospects muyappcur equally
its dismul. 'l'hc strongcr among us pcrscvcrc. with thc hopc that soon, the
burden ol'dcspuir will hc lil'tcd. whilc thosc who ztrc not us optimistic wait for
late to wicld its power and rcmovc thc miscry in its entirety.

'l'hc curly twcnticth ccntury trugicomcdy by Sumtth licckctt. limiting/or
(I'm/m. addresses this problcm. and will bc pcrl'ormctl unrlcrthc direction of
Dr. James Symons in thc main thcutcrol' thc l'At' from October it through
October l2.

ihc play rcquircs no cltthorutc sccncry. and ill first. one might be
disttppointcd with lhcuscol'dimlightingunddurk mutcd colorsll‘hc sccrcl of
thc pluy's succcss. howcvcr. lics in thc lillcill of thc trctors. Vladimir. pluycd
by Nelson Avidon. ililtl listrtrgorr. pluycd by .lolm Ryder. cxhibit a
panoramic ttrruy of cmotion its the two men who arc waiting for Godot.
Lucky. l‘ono und ti boy. piuycd rcspcctivcly by (ircgory Lctuning. Lcn
Scibiliu and Kelly Symons. huvc rm llhliildtlllcc ol'cxpcrtisc and skill to invest
in their roles. and do so vcry successfully.

Wailing/or (I'm/o! will often cause bcllowing luughtcr. its wcll us movc its
uudicncc to at state of serious and intent contemplation concerning onc‘s very
existence. Wltclhcr you lcllVC the theater omitting words of pruisc or
condemnation. you cttn not help but hc :tl'l‘cctctl by it. lzvcryonc is waiting 
don‘t miss it.

La Duca Trio

Thurs-Sat.

COLONIE
72 Wolf Road
(across from Colonic
Center)
The fun place 459-1411
to eat and drink

 

k

‘f

, , _ one or servant-upped 
about their relationship. 'bt'it'en‘ough infer has '

leaked out to suggest plenty of trouble. From reliable ~ \
and conﬁdential sources this paper has learned of the

most recent episode. which may Well prove more;

signiﬁcant than earlier incidents. . .
The couple’s daughter Hebe has

dismissed from her position as the eupbearer of the
gods. Zeus has replaced her with a young man whose

" ,‘msns father; has

been abruptly -

great beauty attracted his attention. Tire young manila

mere mortal but of royal family: he is O

snymedetprinee

of Troy. Zeus not only dispatched Eagle One to bring

the princclo Mount Olympus but even

abducted himin

person. The photograph should be evidence enough to

convince anyone.

The repercussions of this outrage have been‘swift.

Hera is sttid to be furious. Zeus

Headhunting at The Palace

by Matt Kaufman

On Sunday. October l2. ut the
l’nlttcc 'l‘hcutrc. UCB will present
their second mujor concert of the
your. fctrluring two ol'thc most pop<
ulur names in modern jazz: Herbie
Hancock and thc Headhunters. and
tile Mtthsvishnu Orchestra. Holh
Mahuvishnu John McLaughlin
(lctrdcr and founder of the
Mtthavishnu Orchestra) and Mwan-
dishi Herbie Hancock (founder and
lctidcr ol'thc Headhuntersltrrcalum-
iii of various Miles Davis groups
during the late sixties and curly
scvcntics. V

The Muhavishnu Orchestrn is well
known for breaking down the
burricrs that find cxistcd bcwccn
contcmporury rock and jam. From
his prcvious groups. such mcn us liil-
ly L'ohhum and qun-l.uc l'onty
hch emerged as leaders ol'thcirown
groups. Since l’onty‘s dcpurturc cirr-
Iy this ycur. tlrcprcscnt Mtthttvishnu
Urchcslru has done littlc touring and
us of yet. llilS not rclctrscd it new
album.

()vcr lhc past few ycatrs. thc Her-
hic Hancock group (mica. 'l‘hc
llcrtdhuntcrs) has moved from an
opctung act to ll llctldllnc group.
Much of this success ctm be ttt- '
tributcd to thc succcss of their hit
album Ilt'mlhunlm. the other
rcttson for their popularity is that

constitute {‘privale“ affairs he" simply hinted.
"security." The media. of course. havec‘orne to’exp’e‘d
‘ such arrogance from the divine establishment. .

has apparently

thcy simply deserve it.

Bennie Maupin for instance. who
plays saxophone and other assorted
wind instruments. has played with
some of the most famous musicians
ever~~mcn such as 'l'helonius Monk.
Miles Davis. Chick Corea and Alice
Coltrane.

Over the post your the
Headhunters. minus Hcrbic Hun-
cock on keyboards. released it fairly.

John McLaughlin. founder and leader at Mahavlshnu Orchestra. will
appear at the Palace Theater on Sunday, October 12.

A Promising Evening
Of Progressive Jazz

by Keith Graham

Thursday night at the Warehouse
on Central Avcnuc Jon Lucicn. Joe
Beck and Pctris will appear in con-
cart. The concert should be exciting
because of the reputations of the
musicians. It promises to be a
refreshing look into various forms of

ARDLD__F|NKLIE; .
"YD R new

I 
__t‘bur ay. suit lnyivgnlm.

Jon.

Jon Lucicn is a West Indian singer
whose music ctiptivnlcs pcoplc.Hc‘s
one of lhc bcttcr mule vocalists
around today. Lucicn‘s music
ranges from jun. to soul and ncvcr
rcrrlly has been classified as a par-
ticulur style. He shouldn‘t be put in

an aauvnae‘avnuur
asaanv. aw vents sasoa
 aaa-aaao

‘ to ~ make; amends by re

{Hermes to Troy. by presenting"
gil'ts.’ including I. h J _ ‘
promising to make Ganymedeisnm

‘ stublcs of modern jun musictoday.

successful solo album. ’l‘ogct her with
M watndishi (Herbie Hancock‘s
Swulllli mime. rnctrning“composer”)
the group represents one ol'the main

Along with the Mnhuvishnu
Orchestra. the concert should prove
to bc an excellent barometer of
whcrc thermusic scene is today.
featuring two of its lcuders~-
Muhttvishnu and ermdishi.

:rny culcgory hccrrusc he's in n cluss
by Inmscll. Lucicn is ideal for people
who cun cxprmd their mind into
different forms of music.

.loc llcck and l’clris should be
good. (iuittrrist llcck has been ufinc
studio musician Ior runny years. Hc
lllls rclcuscd it few albums. his
currcnl onc. Beck. is doing well on
tlrc jun churts. He‘s also gtripcd
some rccognition lrttcly for his work
on listhcr l'hilips‘ latest release.

lluving not hcttrd his trlbums. I
must confess l really don‘t know
what typc ol'jurz he will play. I do
know thttt he will play it well because
his is no uccomplishcd guitarist.
Nick Brignolu lcuds i’ctris. a group
with at good reputation in
progressive music. ‘l‘hcy are based
upstutc. but thcy do travel to various
places. llrignolu is outstandingon
saxophone» he won an tiward atthc
Newport Jazz Festival two years
ttgo. 'l'llcy‘should plCtlSclhc crowd in
a wurmup role.

If chryom l. performing at their
rcspecltvr ‘cwls. this could turn out
to be our of the better concern. this
year. The music is not commercial
and offers variety. With good
acoustics. it good sound system‘und I
an enthusiastic audience. we should
be in for llll interesting evening. 

 

 

’ plantings ‘ 

 

 

 

 

 

