 
 
 
   

 

 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  

 
  

 
 

 
 

. (FONDLY scotcsres
ro THE nan.)

  
  
  
 

Dim all“

Qualiﬁes.

 

 

 

 
 

 

  
 
   
 
 
  

 Girl Doesn’t Have To Be
' ‘ Flat -Chested -

For a more attractive shape

 

 

 

    
 

   

   

  .CaiZ' SENSORY PROGRAMMING
 ~ -' 438-3313

 

 

 

 

’ . with’liirn. It with thetrunk of the
several hundred yards

  

In?!“

away.” - ,.

 

v , Police were told a second armed
_man.,was;-spotted later at the zoo
parking lot. , but investigators _were
. not ableto conﬁrm the sighting “l'm
surenb-sliot was fired,” said Police

I Capt.- Ma’nuel Guaderrama..

Police said the man ' was ap-
prehended moments after Hirohito's
motorcade passed beneath the over-
pass bridge to Harbor Island at the

edge of Lindbergh Field.

Hess of the Secret Service said it
was his understanding the man was
taken into custody shortly before

Hirohito passed by. An ofﬁcer said a
number of .22.caliber bullets were
found in the man's pockets. A 22-
callber riﬁe equipped with a
telescopic sight was found in his car
parked near the bridge. the officer
said.

A few minutes earlier. police
spotted him and radioed the station
that there was a suspicious person on
the bridge.

A police spokesman said they had
received a report that a man armed

with a shotgun had been seen in the'
. zoo parking lot before the emperor

arrived. A sweep of the parking lot
was made, but no such person was
found. '

Hirohito, apparently unaware of
the armed men. continued on to the

zoo where he chatted with

zookeepers.

Hirohito arrived in San Diego
after'a brief ﬂight from Los Angeles.
He was greeted at San Diego's
Lindbergh Field by Mayor Pete
Wilson, state Sen. James Mills, and
a crowd of about 200 persons. '

The emperor and Empress
Nagako. the first Japanese
monarchs to visit the United States.

will complete it IS~day tourbn Mon-
day.

 

 

 
 
 
  
   

 

 

October 10
LC 1&2

  

7:30 and 9:30
$.50 with tax

LC 18

     
    

$1.25 without

      
     
     
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
         
   
   

Saturday October 11

    
   
     

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

Chill Unrest Continues in Lebanon
IEIIIUT. [M (AP) As Lebanon drilled closer to total breakdown or
aw, and order Thursday. Render Rashid Kara sought Syrian help to him
growing participation by Palestinian guerrillas in Beirut street ﬁghting.
Despite sdusk-to-dswn curfew, cease-ﬁres announced by labanon's warring
groups. and warnings of “iron-listed" measures by internal security forces.
bloody chaos continued with heavy exchanges of fire. The casually ton
passed 300 in the latest ﬁghting. Since April. civil strife between Moslem and
Christian has killed more than 6.000. .

Courts Drop Charges Against DeMarco

L05 ANGELES (AP) A federal judp. citing prosecution misconduct,
dismissed all charges against Frank DeMarco Jr., accused of obstructing
investigations into an illegal $576,000 tax deduction by former President
Richard Nixon. After US District Court Judge Warren J. Ferguson acted.
DeMarco, Nixon's former tax lawyer, said: “I just feel good . . . . I don't
think the government proved the essential element of either count." The
defense had asked for a mistrial on grounds that the prosecution withheld
evidence it used Tuesday that allegedly showed DeMarco had told the
Watergate special prosecutor's office that he lied about his role in the Nixon
tax claim.

 

 

t Kldnappers Search for Political Asylum

BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) A dozen Latin refugees holding five
United Nations ofﬁcials hostage for the second day waited Thursday for it
country to give them asylum. Argentina has agreed to give them safe passage.
“We are still waiting and we are not going to leave until we get a country to
take us," said the apparent leader of the group. a man with a Brazilian accent,
who called himself group spokesman. He said negotiations were going on
with seven countries, including Belgium. Sweden, Denmark and an
unidentified Socialist nation. I

Franco Arrests Three More Officers

MADRID, Spain (AP) As Franco. under pressure at home and iihroiid.
laced his worst political crisis ever. army headquarters in Barcelona
announced they had arrested three ofﬁcers in connection with investigations
into an underground network of antigovernment subversivcs. Fourteen
ofﬁcers now have been arrested intheinvestigations. Nine have been chargcd
wtth sedition. Political opponents of the regime say they have cnlistcd the
support of hundreds of young officers and charged that army authorities dtirc
not follow their probe to the source for fear of setting loose a landslide of
dissidence.

PPD Clashes Over Support of Government

OPOR'I'O. Portugal (AP) Demonstrators supporting mutinous fur-lull
soldiers clashed with opponents overnight, and hospital authorities said
between do and 80 persons wereinjumd. two with bullet wounds. Most of the
Victims, including six soldiers, were injured during rock-throwing battles
between the two groups, theysaid. The demonstration. groupingahout 5.000
members of the centrist Popular Democratic party PPD, began in the heart
of Portugal’s second largest city I75 miles north of Lisbon. The
demonstrators shouted their support for Portugul'sicurrent modcriitc
government. ) .

Senate Supports Sinai Resolution

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate. in a preliminary votc. indicated
overwhelming support 'Thursday to authorize sending 200 American
eivtlians to monitor the Israeli-Egytiun peace accord in the Sinai. By an 85-
to—9 vote. the Senate refused to return the resolution adopted by the House
Wednesday to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Sen. Jﬂmcb
Abourczk. D-S.D., had urged that the measure be side tracked on ground5
that it and related agreements by the United States with Israel and EgyPl

should be resubmitted as treaties subject to Senate ratification by it two-
thirds vote.

Simon Advocates Sales Tax Increase

WASHINGTON (AP) Treasury Secretary William E. Simon said today Ncw
York should lncrease'its state sales tax and enact a special tax proposed by
Federal Reserve Board Chairman Arthur F. Burns to help investor
confidence in New York City. Simotl told the Senate Banking Committee
that the Ford administration still opposes federal aid to help New York City.
But he suggested that the federal government review federal. state and local
"laimnﬂhlps '0 “6 if"Priorities. practices and procedures are consistent wit h
comfimlmfﬂfy, needs. If we determine that large cities and populous suites are
unfairly d"‘“idl’anlfised under existing formulae or programs. we should
“09"?!” °°"°°'iV° 1‘:situation. if necessary. to remedy whatever imbalances
exist. The federal role. he said. is to review federal. state and local
rzmmmml’s- "1‘? l"!t ‘1 blunt”. we must determine whether the priorities of
l 0 Pill are consistent With the needs of the last quarter of the 20th century.

Bulian URA on Verge of Fiscal Shortage
IBUFFALO (AP) The Buffalo Urban Renewal Agency offered Thursday it)
Iiuy some short-term city bond anticipation notes. if necessary. '0 help
uffalo meet a. :24 million debt Wednesday. An agency resolutim‘
antiwar: s revrewof its resources 'for which there is no immediate cash
Oman  geéesolution also authorized negotiations with city C0019"tiller
‘ hge .. onnell to proVidc money at an interest ratethe city would Pay
at e private market. It was~estimated that $5 million might be available.

. O'C‘ii'MH- meanwhile. continued trying to raise the $24 million.

OCTOBER 10, 1975

 
  

 

 

 

 

by Randi a. Totes

SUN YA does have a unique advand

‘tage over other state schools.

Located within easy proximity of the
stae capitol, students here can easily
take advantage of the opportunities
it offers) ' W .
Besides it being afascinatingplece
of architecture, and a pleasant site
for a picnic on a sunny day. the
legislature offers several programs to
students who wish to experience
wor ’ng in government. " .
T e Legislative Internship '
Program. working out of the New
York State Assembly in cooperation
with New York State college's and
universities offers students the
chance to work for a state senator or
assemblyman giving him or her the
opportunity to view working politics
from the inside. » .
Most interns work ten hours a
week and receive 3 credits either
from community service, economics,
political science, or a number of
other departments. Thercisasecond
type of internship in which the stu-
dent puts in 30 hours a_ week and is

Speakers

by Maria Abrams _
Speakers Forum, in its third year
of existence. will present a wide
variety of programs this term. rang-
ing from William F. Buckley Jr. on
Wednesday. Oct. l5. to the National
Lampoon Show on Friday, Nov. 7.
The Forum. consisting of seven
students. and headed by Paul
Sommer. is responsible for arrang-
ing it" guest speakers on campus. “If
Fucrza Latina. Jewish Students

Coalition or other groups wish to
have (I speaker, they come to us,"
says Sonicr.

Sommer notes that “the trend this

Contrary to popular opinion I". j

   
  
  
   
 

which involves a full time staff
assignment from January through
August and offers a $5000 stipend.

Students are alsofree to volunteer
their time to work in the legislature.
simply for the experience. ‘

Students who have worked forthe
state legislatorshave always found
their work very worthwhile and
sometimes proﬁtable.

Arthur Miller, a sophomore who
worked for State Senator Franz
Leichter last semester described the
internship as a “valuable learning ex-
perience.“ Said Miller. “l'm learning
more there about government than
l'm learning in my political science
classes."

Miller‘s duties involved answering
phones, writing memos to other
senators about bills pending to the
senate. writing press releases and
other general ofﬁce tasks. Miller fell

 

 

James' Capiello. a SUNYA

‘graduatepitarted as a legislative iri-f"
terrt and ls'now employed full time at '

the capitol._ ’ 4

“Working as a legislative intern»

alsocarries with it several provoking

fringe beneﬁts. For instance law
‘ school aspirants can only benefit
from the experience. not to mention. ,

a reference from a state legislator.

0n the lighter side. legislative staff ,

are constantly invited to cocktail
parties and functions sponsored by
Vanallﬂobby groups. -
Professor Riedel of the political
science department. Professor _Reeb

. of the economics department and

Heidi Dulay of community service

watt. stit- wrrit These meta
‘ rum tonnes mints rut
W'Fitttb scone was even.
A Lot DIFfERENTl

 

[kw ‘. ,,

   

 

have internship , which
must be ﬁledby November I. There
is no pro-requisite or major required
forthe position.

David Langdon. the intern coor-
dinator for the assembly is anxious
to see each member ofthe legislature
with at least one intern.

Forum Speaks Out

year is towards entertainment and
light speakers, such as Kreskin."
However, he adds that Robert Saltz-
man, from the Committee to In—
vcstigalc Asstissinntions. will be here
on Wednesday, Nov. l9. fora more
"serious" presentation.

The Speakers Forum will be
receiving an extra $2000 from the
emergency spending line of Student
Association this term. according to
Sommer He says that this budget in-
crease received an unanimous vote
from SA and therefore. “shows their
confidence in our programs.“ as well
as revealing an “increase in the

 

Speakers Forum is striving to obtain popular personalities lllte last
year's crowd pleasing Isaac Asimov.

 

 

NOTICE
Beginning Monday. September 29, I975. the weekday hours of
Reserve Room service will be changed to 8:00 sun. - I2:00 midnight
Monday - Thursday and to 8:00 pm. on Saturday and l2:00 noon -
i2:00 midnight on Sunday. Although books charged out on overnight
reserve will continue to be due at 9:45 am. the following morning. no
problem is anticipated for patrons returning books with the half-hour
reduction in service hours.

 

 

OCTOBER 10, 1975

Forum‘s popularity."

Speakers are chosen through a
catalog which lists those per-
sonalities who are available. uccor-
ding to Sommer. “We deal with six
or seven agencies to get in contact
With the speakers we want.“

Additional people who will speak
on campusincludc Jimmy llrcslin on
'I'ucsdiiy. Oct. 28, and Robert Sticchi
in “Bogey‘s Back", on December 4.
Robert Succhi is an actor known for
his “uncanny likeness to Humphrey
Bogart". and liils appeared in
numerous roles impersonating
“Bogcy.” .

All events. except the National

Lampoon Show will be free with tax
card and lil'tyccnts without tux card.
The National Lampoon Show will
present two performances. Tickets
will be SI with tax card and $2
without. All shows will be held inthc
Campus Center Ballroom.
' Paul Sommer 'lidds that “all
Speakers Forum meetings are held
on Tuesdays at 7:30 in the Patroon
Lounge. and anyone may attend."

PIRG Project Lashes
Out at Testing ServiCe

New York Public Interest
Research Group (NYPIRG) is open-
ing an Educational Testing Service
(ETS) complaint center in an
attempt to reform the multi-million
dollar operation of the SATs,
LSA’l‘s and more.

Governments and businesses
tltroughtout the worlduse ETS cx-
uminutions to evaluate applicants,
and NYI’IRG feels that misuse of
such tests is widespread. For exam-
ple. according to E'I‘S the range of
accuracy on the SAT vcrvul is 30
points above and below an actqu
score report. This means that accor-
ding to E'I'S‘s own standards. a 00
point difference iii scores between
two students is statistically insignifi-
cant. “Milny schools have establish-
cd arbitrary cutoff points without
taking the range of accuracy into
consideration". said Linda Hyman.
SUNYA student lctiding the project
on campus.

Hyman also pointed out that for
students. the tests are a mandatory
expense. while they are a free service
for admissions officers.

According to Joanne Slaight. the
NYPIRG staff member coor-
dinatingthc project.“ ETS is accoun-
table to no one. Students have noin-
fluencc over the E18 and neither do
the schools which rcquircthetcsts“.

Student Arrest (1 Nightmare

continued from page one

it was like clockwork —almost automatic~a ritualistic
animal process. No words were spoken. They knew
exactly the formation. It scared me."
the kicking lasted for a couple of minutes.

He found himself against a police car. They frisked
him. He had it knapsack with him. and the police
searched through it. They suspected Kigncr had some

drugs in it.

The cldcrly dctcctivc lltcn grabbed Brent's hair in a
ponytail and started to bang his head against the car.
“He kept on banging my head, over and over again."
said Brent. “My whole skull felt numb for days."
The detective muttered something. but Brent was too
dared to catch it. He thought the banging would go on
forever. The detective stopped and seized Brent‘s throat.
“Where‘s your jugular vein," he said. “Is this it? Can
you feel the blood? Can you feel it being cut off? I can
kill you, you know." The policethen shoved Brent into

the paddy wagon and took off.
At the Division Two Police State.

civil," said Brent. The old man, however. was “ﬁngering
my jugular vein as they brought me upstairs to be

fingerprinted." he stated.

“Where do you live?” the elderly detective asked.
"0n State Street." Brent answered. '
“That's where those guys who suck your cock live.

Are you gay?“

“Should I take that as a proposition?“ Brent thought.

But he didn't want to antagonize the

him no.

Brent figured that

formsf

could mug him.

“things were more

Though ERS is listed as a non-
profit organization and pays no tax-
cs, NYl’lRG contends that it made
$4 millionproﬁt in I973-74 on the
College Boards alone. ETS revenues
have doubled every five years since it
began in I948 and ETS now has a
yearly income in excess of $50
million NYPIRG claims. .

“Lost your 200 SUNYA students
had their transcripts for law school
lost or misplaced by ETS" said
Slitight. "NY I’lRG wants tol'lnd out
how often these errors occur". Our
goal is to test the testers". she said.

NYI’IRG intends to gather com-
plaints from people across the coun-
try through complaint gathering
operations being set up nationwide.
ETS complaint center qucstioiiaires

will be printed in a future edition of '

the ASP, and lift: also available in
tlic NYI’lRG office in CC 333.
NYI’IRG stuff attorneys are
currently drafting legislation to
make E‘I'S more accountable. “We
hope to mandate disclosure and
provide remedies for students
who‘ve liiid difficulty with ETS."

said Donald Ross, director ofNYP- ’

IRU.

N YPIRG is it non-profit. research
and advocacy group funded by
college and university students in
New York State.

“Well. you live in that neighborhood,“ the detective
remarked. He reached for Brent's jugular vein.

“I‘ve killed more guys like you," he said.

Upstairs. detective John Burke. one of the original
officers who stopped Brent. began filling out arrest

"You‘re being hooked." Burke said.

“What are the charges?" Brent asked.

“Disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.“

"Disorderly conduct?“ asked Brent.

"Yeah. you were yelling at the top of your lungs."

Burke was very apologetic. He said he would talk to
thejudgc lotnorrow. "He seemed to be the only one to"
realize that the whole thing was a mistake," Brent
stated. Burke told Kignerthat the policethoughtthat he
was trying to get picked up by the homosexual so he

Dorm-Sized .lail Cell

After making his one phone call, Brent was escorted
to a cell. The cell was the size of an uptowndorm room.
and for the ﬁrst time that night Brent felt secure.

“I was very sore all over and had to keep moving."he
said. Both his elbows were torn up. and his rightside
was bruised. He couldn't sleep and awaited his friendsto
come with ball. At 5:00 in the morning bailcerue and
Brent went home. His friends said he got off lucky.

Eight days later at Kigner's arraignment. Jud,

officer, to he told dismissal.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

pheasants ' 

Keegan' adjourned the case in contemplatioh‘of ' I,

     

   
     
   
  



   
   
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
   
      
      
     
   
    
 
    

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

        
    
      
  
 
  
    
   
     
    
   
   
 
     

 
 

 
 

»~«-‘Y*-....‘e‘—- .-..... -. ..

 

A W... .. -. -413. ‘_

 

 

  

   
  

