bchvhJ'.C ' i

, . Under the provi cm of the lions-

ing and continunitybcvetopment
Act of I974,.the Cityof Albany
recently drafted a proposal which. if
approved. will provide the city with
$2.l:'million in federal community
development funds. ,

The proposal. which strongly
emphasizes housing development.

was drawn up by the Albany Urban ,

Renewal Agency (URA) and
presented‘at public hearings con-
ducted by the Albany Planning
Board on Jan. l8 and .Ian. 23.

.More than SLI million of the
federal block grant has been targeted
for housing rehabilitation and
related project activities such as
property acquisition. public Works.
and relocation payments.

The draft proposal calls for $650.-

'  to be spent on low interest loans
‘ and grants to property oWners for

residential rehabilitation in the

and other scattered sites throughout
the city. -

David Riker. director of the
Albany URA. estimates that 75
housing units will be renovated un-
der the present proposal.

Federal funding would also
provide SI09.500.000 for a
downtownoimprovement program.
$100,000 for the expansion of two
uptown recreational facilities. and
563.700 for health service program.
Planning. management. and ad-
ministrative costs would total $282.-
300. ,

Downtown improvements include
Clinton Square off-street parking
expansion. off-street parking area

I  

Notiﬁcationf and State St. express '

bus lanes and; pedestrian mall con-

" stiuctiori. . v
South Mall and Arbor Hill areas, .V

Recreational projects include the
renovation of the Ridgeﬁeld Park
Clubhouse arid the Russell Rd.
facilities.

Thedraftalsoproposestheexpan-
sion of balth services including the
South End Health Center. the
Visiting Nurses Association.and the
Mobile Meals Program which serves
the needs of the disabled and the
elderly.

The proposed allocation plan for
the federal block grant will not be
finalized until after it is taken before
the Common Council on Feb. 3. The
official deadline for filing the
application for federal assistance is
April l5.

 

 

Bassoon Dias Amigos!
Si! we have tacos. enchiladas. burritos. chili, chili dogs

Gringos Welcome Also!

Yes! we have hamburgers, franks. subs

"Just a leerle taste of Mexico”

La Groovy Conibo........ L40
(taco. ench.. tostada)
(served meatless)

511 ‘New Scotland Avo.. Albany
(Opp. St. Peter‘s Hospital)

Tues. - Sill. II - ti
Sun. J - 8
oil
3 , "l
0° Q"
‘9 Take ()uls

438 - 7073

At the Faculty-Student Associa-
tion Board Meeting on Wednesdin
it wasdccidcd to put restrictions on
check dishing procedures. Starting
February l4. I975. no second-
ptirty ' checks will be honored.
(Checks made by someone else to
thc casher). Exceptcd arc Universi-
ty. Government. or bank checks.
FSA cited an avalanche of bad
checks. SA President Pat Curran
reports that the fee for cashing a
check may go up to 25¢.

 

 

 

 

 

We:easesseemtseae«accommodatesome

(30286019? 90608 80018006

V

«ﬁﬁﬁd’.

:
.E
-
.53
b
2
S
..
5.
'u
:i
._
:4
E.
"e
*3
§
5.

V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
. V
V
g
V

482

PAGE TWO

.‘ ‘-

Friday and “Satoriday
January 31 and Febuaryl
LC—18 7:30 and 9:30

$.50 with tax card

$1.25 without
srasaaﬁaimer»)sawsaavamummwaaw

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 EV. 1V$3”X0?»ﬁbﬁﬁe‘ARV-EVVﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁVﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁlﬂo

\

It:

" J P President Anwar Sadat‘sdiolomacv.while it allow
a  Tigreghatiering tension to ooze from the chronic Middle ’Eun
crisis. may now generate severe'pressurc on Israel.

The Egyptian leader's visit’to Paris and his steady ﬂow of Pronouncemcnts
recently have created the impression that he was sending Israel a signal_

The message: If a war is to be averted in the spring. the next signiitcﬂm
move is up to the Israelis.

The logic of peace as a necessity for Egypt long has been abundantly
obvious. Sadat‘s government. perennially and cxpensively girded for war.
might have great difﬁculty staying aﬂoat in turbulent seas of domestic mm
in the economy and in politics.

WASHINGTON (AP) — The House Agriculture Committee approved
overwhelmingly Thursday a bill that would freeze the price of food slumps .it
their Jan. x level for the rest of this year.

The bill. to be scheduled for House action next week. would kill a tun-.1
administration plan to hike the price ofthc stamps to roughly 30 per um 01
the net inconie of each recipient.

That plan is to go into effect March I. despite widespread congressional
and public protests that the health ol‘ many elderly and the poor \vould hr
undermined because of it.

House approval and Scnatc action on the bipartisan measure are ItL‘L'tlL'tl
quickly to block the price Iiikc and N|\'L‘ slates substantial ndiiiinistintnc-
changeover costs sponsors said.

The votc nits 33-2 on the measure.

“It: administration plan to Sit“: $648 million announced carli l.i~l
December and ﬁnally approved two weeks ago. would misc lhc plit’t's to UK
maximum allowed by law.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford. reporting hciglitcncd llllt‘lt“~l .
his offer of conditional clciiiciicy for Victiiam draft resistors; and litlat'l I.i

announced today be is extending the program to March I.

In the absence of action by the I’rcsidciit. the program would lllt\L‘ dry, .
midnight Flldil)‘.

Although only about 7.400 ottt of tin cstimtitcd I37.()0() cligiblc Illt'II 
liaic decided to participate in lilt: program. tinnounccd lust Scpictiilni I
said in ll sllllclllcllll

“l bclicrc that many of those who could beneﬁt Iroin ll nic lllli\ n
learning ol its application to their cascs. This belief is based on u ~igint-t w
incrczisc in the tiumbcr ol'iipplications and inquiries ovci' tlic pttsl two it. .
\VilClt publicin and communications about thc program uric _L'l\‘ li
expanded."

“ASHINGTON (AI') Scnzitc Republican Lcadcr l-Iugh .ott to”, ‘
Vicc l’rcsidcnl Nclson A. Rockclcllcrlodny iti tlcclnringlhut (‘oiigicsx uwzwi
be responsible if a reduction in U.S. aid brought Communist siittw. w
Indochina.

Assistant Democratic Leader Robert C. Byrd disagreed. Buy-1‘. t
declaring that H the South Viclntiiiicsctind Cambodians \\£llll inoic ltllltl .:
cquipnicnt. "let them buy it."

Rockclcllcr said Wednesday night in Milburn. N..l.. that Congrcss mll ii-
rcsponsiblc for thccoilttpsc of tlic South Vietnamese govcrnmcnt it ll Lind. i
proiidc the additional $300 tnillion in aid sought by President i‘tllti.

"II we don't and the Communists take over and there's a million pcnt‘ L
liquidated. \‘lt: know where thc responsibility will lie." the vice prcsidciit told
reporters aftcr spcaking to a Republican fund-raising dinner.

MONTGOMERY. Ala. (AP) George C. Wallace may run for prank-m
again in I970. and then again he mtiyhot. But he already has a task lIlICL' til
more than one million \oluntccrs pledged to help him raisc lunds and lioc up
delegates for the Democratic convention.

And. says his national campaign director. Charles S. Snider. htindmh wt
others arc signing up each wcck in response to the third iii a scrics ol Lill‘x'tl
mail campaigns solicting their support.

I‘rom their lcttcrs and responses to questionaircs scnt otit by Snidrl
tilllCL’. they are sorted out by aconiputcr and classiﬁed as Ctlllll‘lbultHN \\ that:
to donuic thcironn nioncy. voluntccrworkcrs waiting forjohs to pct lot In. “I
htilll

Alsoon tlicinailing ilsl iirctlicnanicsot sonic 12 millioiiotlici \olrI
'iitij. or iii:i_\ not lend their help,

ALBA?“ . NY. (AP) IIcrc IS it sitittiniin ill additional tuhm I’ll‘I‘“
h) (.o\ Ilugh ( tiic) III budch nicssngc to thc \llllC lcgislnttnc.

MASOI l\l, liicictisc tltc \IillC tux pct gallon by Hitt'llh In '
Illl‘yt' an cslniiutcd $4“) million

l\(_'()Ml.. Itcnistalc the 2.5 pci LL‘Ill fitllL'ilill'gctlll tlic pcrsonnl ..
to I.i|‘>l: an cstirinitcd Wt) Illliiltlll. (‘i'ciitc two lit-iv tux bracl i'
‘i'oilcn with u ltikltilll’ lItCtllIII‘ Ili iiioic lhtin $27001) to int-.t' .in v '.
$55 million Itc.1iicl tlit- lllcllltitl ol allocating tiL‘tillClltlllS iiiwpnmt. l’i
'vi- lullllll‘, ilitlll by it liiixbiintl illlti itilc to tune on t_'\Ill‘ll:t'I'tl ‘2‘
(‘INSI MI'I ll)\ l’ttciid tlic sltilc salt-slits to 27 spccilit .tIt'.t‘» in
a 'l pi such to lit-tint) parlors. puikitig lots. sknliiig IlIlix‘, till i‘
(it'lll Il‘.t_‘ agent it“. to raise llll tlﬁlllllillcti $40 tintinni liicit-itsc 11in"
.im! lnnnt in mm,- nn i-stiinntctl 32X million.

Ill ‘al‘wl SS lliLtczi t: to Ill pl'l ccnl Itolll‘) pct t't‘lll IIIN'MP‘”
l.t‘ n: tin: lll'il" llltthlill nl shilt‘litxttllic iiicmiicninl to Ilpcw til
Iln Hilll'llvl‘f bl‘rlllllll to iaiscun Chillllitlcti Sll‘w inillion Rn.
Liv on banks to 'l tlL'l tiJlIl lioni ll puiccnt to in...) .in cnltntm it
I’VWHWI'. llIU' wtiitx‘itni lot tuolcusioiis ttlltlt I [Inc ‘ii.|lt“ i.
illl'rllliﬁb‘, Int. lo I.“ 't“ll.‘ N» (I 'Wll lllliil‘ll.

Illlililf. IA .‘>:'\ -tlll 1'. ‘t.'
It. Ix i ‘lcllltilul : Il‘i -.v
t:.i vfliwi'.‘ lit:

,.

i‘tllt Ili'.'.iil\| ill .< «I i.-
;::|il .n ilctciti..nin)'.icyidtntnni ti " null
"it t“ not Ill t"illlli.ll“li it‘ll) iiilllioii in... t. nil.

liccl. .1 u I  . .
"’ m” " “"“tw hilt“ '1'". to llll‘t' nit cuinnutt-d ‘ttlll niﬂhon

JANUARY 31, 197‘.

 

by Naomi Friedlander

She jumped on stage, black boots
accenting the checkered; 'cap
decorated with buttons which read.
“Stop Sucking. Start Bitinl“ and
“Attica is All of Us.“ In a rich. husky
voice that would have distinguished
any choir. this woman suggested.
“Let's start with a serenade."

And we did.

Florynce Kennedy. founder of the
National Organization for Women
(N .0.W .) and a leading
spokeswoman for the feminist and
black movements. opened her lec-
turc Monday night with a selection
of songs. The lyrics denounced
minority suppression while clamor-
ing for change.

The third song. song to the tune of
“God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,"
stirred the largely female audience.
The grotip first joined in timidly.
then with stronger. emotion—ﬁlled
voices.

"God damn you Illerfy gem/elite".
You malesol‘n'culthy class. You .iold
iii-false prosperity and left its on our
ass; You .toltl us overpowered cars
and now we're out DdeJ‘.‘ So il'suur
turn to tiscourcnergy. Kicking Your
Art. We will take your name and
then we'll Kick Your Arr."

With the close of each song, Ms.
Kennedy demanded. "Givc ‘cm the
list." and by the ﬁnal song. thegroup
bad responded accordingly. fists
clenched in the power symbol.

“I think we are going to be rising
and fighting again because our cups
are getting pretty full." Ms. Kennedy
predicted. “I want us not to survive.
but to thrive.“ A graduate ofColum-
bia Law School. the women's leader
began her lecture discussing the re-
cent anti-bussing march held in
Boston. labor layoffs. and the
media's “racist and sexist" attitudes.
She urged student entrance into
politics. “One of the things We think
is that if we get into politics. We have
to be prepared to die. We should not
get ready to die but we ought to hide
if wcpossiblycan. Ifyou do wrong. it
is my advice as an attorney not to ad-
visc ‘thcm' of your guilt.“

Ms. Kennedy. criticizing the
“rcniggcrization” of American
workers. talked ofthc current deﬁni-
tion of middle class. “Middle class in
this country can mean you're on
welfare. Middlc class can mean sen-
ding your child to u state-supported

**$**********# ****************u

: while they last.

 

 

- SUNY University Concert Board 
presents

BILLY
COBHAM

I” Friday, Feb. 7
in the CC Ballroom

ONE SHOWING ONLY!
Tickets are $3.00 with tax card
$5.00 without tax
On Sale in CC Gameroom today
'and next week (10 ant-3 pm)

NO tickets available at Door i’
I ilk****************************

Floryan Kennedy. founder of NOW attacks the suppression of

dowsky

minorities.

school instead of a state-supported
penitentiary.“ Explaining that most
of America is in dcbt.thclawycr said
that ifworkcrs continue to lose their
jobs. the middle class. whatever it is.
will be reniggerized. To combat this.
Ms. Kennedy called for the coalition
of blacks. feminists. and all
vulnerable groups.

The leader revealed that the
protest movement had not simmered
down. “It‘s not like the sixties but it‘s
better ‘cause people have their shit
together. People are not out in the
streets but in the suites. And having
someone on the inside is a very good
thing.“ Ms. Kennedy stated that you
don‘t have to be in the streets to be
effective when activists are Working
through powerful ofﬁces or among
influential people. The feminist ad-
vised S.U.N.Y.A. women to strive
for political ofﬁces while supporting
the current feminist politicians in of-
lice.

“Truth is so rare in this society
that it comes out comedy. Anyone
who tells the truth isa comedian and
that shouldn‘t be." Ms. Kennedy
urged students to embarrass this
country. to challenge Congressional
budgets and the legality of unelected
ofﬁcials. like President Ford and
Vice-President Rockefeller. holding
office. “It's just fun to watch these
people squirm." she said.

Turning away from national
problems. Ms. Kennedy focused on
S.U.N.Y.A. difficulties. Discussing
the funding issue of E.O.I’.S.A. and

luntlctl h‘t' .ffullt'l'll tax

at 10:00 pm-.

 

the tiny. cramped campus women's
center. the feminist exclaimed. “I
want these things straightened out
and I want them straightened out
fast. Now I want to see a women‘s
center on this campus. I really do.“
The leader promised to return in the
spring. “for free.“ and assist in in—
stituting change. if the students did
not resolve their problems
themselves.

Discussing education. Ms.
Kennedy criticized the country's
allocation offunds. “Wecun‘t afford
$22 billion for supersonic bombers
when people can‘t get through
school. chiiii‘t afford it. The leader
called for a protest against Con-
gressional budgct‘s."

Involvement is the key. the
feminist asserted. Students must
push their way into electoral and
media arenas. raising their voices un-
til they are heard. “If they tell you
that you‘re not ready. you just say.
‘Rcady or not. here we come.m

by Pat Sakai

Itl-l I—2.

 

Central Council met from 7:30-12: | 5 Wednesday evening in the
the first Roll Call vote there were 25 members present.
BILLS PASSED: Canccrous Classes (introduced by Seth Haber):
bcforc vacation. urges that the University Senate Icgislzttc that smok-
chcrs on the first day oi'classcs. It‘s based on the
in class he; she liasthat right. but it shouldn't interfere witlitltosc

following a relatively long debate
ing policies in classes be determined by students and tea
idea that ifa student wants to smoke
who wish to breathe smoke-free air.
lint/arsenith of Naliulla/ Slllf/t'lll Curt/creme
serve as publicity for the upcoming conference
steps to be taken in the fight for equal cducation in Boston.
(iv/10ml (‘om'crnx [975-76 (Pat Curran):
guidcliiics forncxtycttr. Aniongtlic ISconccr
names will rcllcct tlicir pUI‘POhCJ members: that tax curds be
active Alumni; and all events and services maintain it t
lililt'rgwici' Spam/ing Acmunl (Pal Curran): This bill mo
sum can be spent this year rather than saving it for next y
their money should he spent on them now.

Also Passed: 'I'wo resolutions supported by SASU. on
recommend that the ISA Board of Directors he composed ofa maximum of uric-third administration.
oiic-tliird students. and the remaining lllll'd bc students and faculty with tit least one faculty member.
I'Iiis wuttld insurc sufficient student representation on the Board. 'I lie
ltlic spending of the money from man
can be spent. set up by the Board of 'I'rustccs.

right ol'studcnts only to coiitro
guidclincs on how this money

BILLS DI‘ZFI'LA'I‘I'ZI): Fair Voting Law (Mike Sakoff):
ballots bc Still to commuters at their local address. But it w
l)riipcr and Alumni as \chI its the Campus Center for off-cam

.'llll(‘lIt/Ill(‘lll.) to AA]! I’iliultt'i'
would be allowed for lodging and meals when they stay overnight. II
saicd around $7.000 but it was dclctitcd. li-lU-(i.

SA lawyer. spoke at the meeting.
issue is political rather than legal. Now the
parking . . . FSA Board of Directors mct Wednesd
suggesting that FSA cut the money-losing operations t
shop). instead of raising the board rates . . .Council also set a recor
sidcrcd (us far as we know) -l7 . .

’ ' ' ' "‘w‘iﬁf-‘J’aﬂ/WM

- by Dougllorwltz  ' _- ,
Demonstrating against wanna:

probably never considered a money
making venture but that idea may

have to change. AWaiihitigtor'i. D.C.

court recently awarded I2 million
dollars in damages to some l.200
anti-war demonstrators.

The January l6 court rulingstems
from a law suit ﬁled by the American
Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) who
represented the demonstrator‘s in-
terests. The ACLU charged that the
arrest of demonstrators on the
Capitol steps during the Mayday ac-
tivities of I97] was in violation of
various Constitutional rights. The
l.200 demonstrators who were
arrested while listening to a speech
by Democratic Representative
Ronald V. Dcllums of California
had their legal rights to free speech
and assembly violated in addition to
being falsely arrested and im-
prisoned. Representative Dcllums
was himselfawardcd $7.500 because
his freedom of speech was deprived
when the demonstrators were
arrested and taken away by D.C.
police.

Michael Sakoff. who is a junior at
SUN YA. was in Washington during
the Mayday demonstrations and was
arrested near the Capitol steps on
May 5, I971. Sakoff has contacted
the ACLU office and is waiting to
hear if he is entitled to a share ofthc
award. If his name appears on the
suit he could receive in the
neighborhood of $I0.000 (the
amount varies according to the
length of confinement). Sakoff said
he was held for 24 hours. “I was one
of the few released that early.“ he
added.

Sakoffeasily recalls what happen-
ed in Washington nearly four years

“"Sl’liClAl. NO'I'ES‘" A bill was passed tosupport AlumniQuad‘
it. and street numbers for the buildings. This will ill
Meyer has been appointed the
'l'rustccs oicctitig where they'll decide whether an increase

car. Reasoning

This bill suggested that for SA elections.
as amended to provide votiiig machines at ‘.‘
pus students. It wasdcl'catcdaisniticndcd. ' ‘

arrested demonstrators had th‘

pictures and ﬁngerprints taken. The i

whole time Sakoffwas imprisoned in
the bullpen of the stadium he was not
notiﬁed once of the charges against
him. “We weren‘t told anything”,
Sakoff recalls. “just told to shut up."

When the May l97| mass arrests
were made.
Richard Nixon praised the action of
the Washington police. Nixon called
charges that the arrests were an-
constitutional “exaggerated.”

Mlstreatrnent Remembered

The SUNYA junior also clearly
remembers the mistreatment
d irectcd at many of the
demonstrators while beingconﬁned.
"Many Were roughed up quite abit.

but not me" Sakoff recalled. He said _ '

that some were "kicked. beaten. and
other nasty things“ and the police
refused requests to have their in-
juries attcndcd to by a doctor.

The ASP contacted the ACLU of-
fice in Washington and was told.
“Many people are calling and
writing” to inquire about whether
they are entitled to the award. They
noted that all demonstrators who
were arrested during the DC. May-
day dcmonstrations between May 3-
6 of 197I should contact the ACLU
since there are “other suits pending"
concerning the mass arrests.

It‘s doubtful at this time whether
lln)’ money will be distributed for
quite some time since it is expected
that the DistrictofColumbiu will file
on appeal.AccordinglotheACLU
olficc. from the time of the court
Jccision there are 90 days to file an
HopcaL

Central Council Net;

Campus Center Assembly Hall. At

This bill which was postponed

against Racism in Boston (Candi Mayer): This bill will
on Feb. l4-l(i at Boston Utiii'crsityflilic snbjcct - iicxt

These concerns will serve as the Budgct Committee‘s
its: (iuidclincs I'ortlic basis of funding groups: all groups'
made available to all faculty and stuffand -.
ax differential.

vcd $l5.000 more into the ESA so that this

students paid their tax and

c requesting the Chancellor’s Committee to

other bill would endorse the

datory tax. Presently there exist ,

Vols-1

I’ulIt-i' (Davc Coync): 'l'liis dealt with the amount of money athletes
ad it been pttsscd it would have

slilllcnlpl to get it sign to idcntify
we to bc sccured froin the Housing Office . . . Steve
Chief of Staff for the SA Executive Branch . . . Feb. 25 is the Board of
iii tuition is necessary. . . Sandy Rosciiblum.

sayiiigtliat a court case on segregated parking won't work because the I

University Senate has to be pressed to act on dcvscgrcgating
uy afternoon. A board increase is possible. but SA is
but don't beneﬁt students (such as the Barber
d for the most numbers ol'bills con~
. Robin Shustcr is new Director ol'Off-CampusStudentCo-Op. .

'. . uaaﬁ‘”. I

 

JANUARY 31, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 

 

former President ,

’5.

 

 

 

 

:.-..._ v. as;

 

 

