 

The Great
Platinum Hope,

by Gene Carr-gee
In I973, reseachers jubilantly came up with
a solution to the problem of automobile
pollution. The solution seemed incredible,
utilizing a very simple and fundamental
concept of chemistry. The problem to a great
extent had been the incomplete oxidation of
.petroleum. The much heralded “savior” was a
catalyst—the catalytic converter! But our
savior, as saviors are wont to be, was short
lived. -

As far back as I902, lead (actually tetraethyl
lead) had been added to gasoline to facilitate
oxidation. Fifty years later, it was determined
that the reason the lead was preventing
“knocking” was the fact that.it acted as a
catalytic surface on which the oxidation of
hydrocarbons could take place. The problem
with having the talyst in the gasoline is that

the lead was emittedxgxthe exhaust.

The hazards of  'ghe atmosphere had
already becomeapp' ‘ V :Foryears.residents
of nothem California had complained of red
snow. About this time the catalytic converter
came into the world. Unfortunately, the
platinum of the converter (is very expensive
metal) was made useless upon contact with
lead. It wasdec'aled to forget about the lead
and look to the messianic convener to solve all
problems.

In 1974, the automobile manufacturers
announced, “the great platinum hope” had

‘3toC02;it ‘1

I.
could reduce N02 (Nitrogen dioxide)to N2; it
walks; it talks; it will'mind the kids on
weekends. . ." '

, But there was-one tiny, problem. The
converter also oxidized 802 (Sulfur dioxide)
to 803 (sulfur triox'ale).That seemed innocent
enough. Howevér, the 803 would combine
with water vapor in the exhaust fumes to form
sulfuric acid. which as everyone knows. is bad
stuff. People wiih asthma. emphysema and
other respiratory ailments soon found exactly
how bad it was.

What is particularly dangerous about the
acid laden exhaust is that the acid is not being
released in the form of a gas. Instead, the
catalytic converterprovides. not only a perfect
site for the fonnation of sulfuric acid, but also
a perfect site for the condensation of a
concentrated gas. Thus, no sooner is the
gaseous acid formed as it comes down the
converter column. then it is condensed to a
liquid. As the remainder of the exhaust, water
vapor and carbon dioxide, flows by the
converter, it whips up the liquid sulfuric acid
and expells it from the exhaust pipe as a liquid
mist. Sulfuric acid is a very corrosive
substance; it will corrode, and in fact dissolve.
metal. cloth, and most dangerously, lung and
eye tissue.

Actually, the car makers were not so
blatantly negligent. For, as they reasoned,
sulfur dioxide had been converted to sulfuric
acid before the converter had been installed.
However, this reaction took place in the upper
atmosphere and sulfuric acid was never found
in concentrated quantities. With the
converter, the acid is now released as a
concentrated mist at street level.

The auto industry now wants the oil
companies to get the sulfur out ofthc gasoline
before it reaches the pumps. Unfortunately,
the cost of this process is staggering. Congress
has extended the I977 clean air standards one
more year to allow auto manufacturers to
recover form the converter folly. Chrysler has
recently announced the development of an

 

electronic timing control device, which is able

 

r'

W\
{P—‘t

state university theatre presents:

to reduce emissions.

 

l
. sumo‘
J ( 30m»

not I,
/'4

 

Moli‘ere's

:rtitiﬂil’itiviiivifii

 

 

May ’Z-tl. WU pm.
May 1,11 2:30pm.

Directed by limes M. Symons

Lab theatre

Perforng Arts Center
State University of New York at Albany

.9

 

$3.32vith educational I.D.. Si with tax card
Box Office (SIB) 457'8606

funded by Student Association

 

A‘rtongmgtcr 

by Richard Edehlll i f .

Jobstfs curly blond hair falls easily on his shoulders. Together with his trim moustache the
wiry} feet 9 inch frame seam to embody an almost unnatural solitude. This peaceful facade is a
thin veil underwhich the festering pain of livinga guarded and restricted life in East Germany is
supressed.

I met .lobst and his friend Rolf, a musician from West Berlin on acafeteria line in East Berlin.
Rolf, who is only allowed to pass through the ‘Wall‘ during the day, speaks excellent English and
acted as a translator between Jobst and myself.

After an initial paranoia that was justiﬁed bythe claim that practically one in every ten persons
is a government informer. Jobst started to reveal some of the ground rules for life in a rigid
totalitarian state like East Germany. Any political activity that even questions “the powers that
be" ‘will bring an endless stream of harassment to one's self and family. The interrogators may
visit you at work which will arouse suspicion that you are an informer. There is no escape from
this life. Travel to western countries is forbidden except in cases of cultural exchange.

Escape over the bordels is extremely difﬁcult and dangerous. Jobst told me about a pianist he
knew, who attunpted to escape into Czechoslovakia. Hewas caught by the border guards and as
a punishment to him and deterrent to others his ﬁngers were broken. This has prevented him
from ever regaining the mastery of the piano that he once had. Even if his escape had been
successful, that the police would probably take retribution against his family and friends is a
heavy price for freedom.

At 24, Jobst was trying to make a name for himself asa drummer. It was along road and since
he had to Work during the day in a factory, the time available for playing was limited. His
university education had only hardened his hatred for his country. The choice of courses is
severely restricted. and the material is obviously slanted. Even though he is one of a select few
who had theprivilcgeto attend a university he refused to use his engineeringskills for the state. So
instead of being co-opted and becoming one of an elite he is now a common factory worker.

He spokeof the brain washing that now takes place in the gradeschools. His daughteer four
would soon be entering school and his voice and sullen face conveyed a sense of loss when he told
me that the children are taught to inform the ‘state‘ ofany persons who might be against it. The
possibility of his own ﬂesh and blood turning against him is a recurrent nightmare.

Jobst wants to feel free one day. His hope that he may become a good enough musician to
make an orchestra that travels in the West so he can have the opportunity to defect must not be
marred by political activity unfavorable to the ‘state.' His wife and child pose another problem
which he must also deal with. Members of family are not allowed to travel with the musician,
discouraging just the sort of thing he is contemplating.

He said that government officials shop in special stores that carry Western goods. Therefore
they can‘t possible be aware of the critical shortages ofmany consumer goods. The International
Music Festival held in East Berlin about a year and a half ago isa good example ofthe lack of
adequate supplies. Jobs! who didn‘t want to support the event was in the northern part of East
Germany on the Baltic Sea. He mused at the absence of both taxis and ice crcalh in the town
where he was staying. It was no secret that the taxis and ice cream machines had been moved to
East Berlin for the Festival. The government must have placed great importance on the two as
signs of a successful country.

 

Tower East Cinema presents

One show a nite. Please come early!

Fri. & Sat. 7:30 pm. LC-7

$.75 w/ State Quad card
$1.25 without

 

 

 

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 25, 1975

 

 

by Malcolm .l. Sherman

To many students no one is more
contemptible than the suburban homeowner
who votes against school budgets, and who
opposes a variety of special programs which
range from help for the handicapped to
enrichment in the arts. Students are quick to
see through the rationalitations of irate
taxpayers, but they have been very slow to
perceive thegrowth of similar attitudes among
themselves, as reflected in the stands taken by
student politicians this year.

its Don’t Benefit, -‘

Then I Won’t Pay!

Especially vulneralbe are programs, such as
aid for emotionally disturbed or physicallv
handicapped children, which are of direct
beneﬁt at only a small minority of taxpayers.
One also perceives, in the defeat of programs
of greatest benefit to poor or minority
children, a degree of hostility to these groups.
Taxpayers are therefore shortsightedly
refusing to pay for programs vitalto thier own
child re n‘s education, denying their
responsibility to support programs not of
direct beneﬁt to themselves, and expressing

 

 

. . . It is unsatisfactory for the Patroon Room to be
subsidized by dormitory and other campus services. It
is also unsatisfactory for student fees to support gym-
nasium and athletic team facilities that require ten times

the Patroon Room's subsidy.

 

 

To pursue this comparison. one might ask
why comparatively well-off taxpayersdefeat
school budgets. The main reason is probably
that in a time of rising costs and worsening
economic conditions, many people who are
objectively in comfortable circumstances feel
hard pressed to maintain their standard of
living, and rising school taxes have become a
convenient scapegoat for their frustrations.

Malcolm .l. Sherman is u professor in the
Mathematics Department.

their hostility to particular groups or values.

Do comparable attitudes exist among
students? Well, consider the following:

Item l: The Student Association, which in
previous years had given an annual
appropriation of $2,000 or so to the university
day tare center, decided this year to
discontinue this subsidy. Why? Because too
few students who pay the student tax beneﬁt
from this servicejl‘hc Student Association has
fearlessly decided that it is under no obligation
to help student parents (many of whom are
graduate .l'lllllt'lll.l‘) to stay in school, or to

 

The Student Association has/carIeSs'ly decided that it is -

under no obligation to help student parents .

 

 

provide enrichment for theirchildren. Helping
graduate students would be bad enough. but
the day care center even acceptsfaculty
children (though faculty parents in fact pay
more than the cost of the care received). and
Student Association Leaders have put a stop
to such nonsense.

ltem ll: The Faculty-Student Association‘s

student representatives want to close the
barber shop because it loses money and
because they feel it is of greater beneﬁt to
faculty and staff than to students. One
suspects that faculty and staff would have an
easier time getting off campus for haircuts
than would resident students, who are less
likely to own on rs. But suppose one concedes
that students really would beneﬁt more from
the proposed campus food store (if it were Well
stocked and cheap—~both of which are
unlikely) than they do from the barber shop.
Should one then proceed to fire the barbers
during a recession and two years before the
barbers‘ pension rights become vested? Do
students approve when the state proposes to
solve its fiscal problems by curtailing services
and ﬁring those who provide them during a
recession? Or do students only disapprove
when the cuts mean increased tuition or larger
classes?

Item Ill: The Patroon Room loses money-~
about $|0,000 per year—and is subsidized by
other campus food services. Most restaurants
make theirmoney ondinners, and the Patroon
Room, which serves only ‘Ittnch. is
understandably hard pressed. But if the
l’atroon Room wore to close, there would then
be only cafeterias left on campus, and there
would therefore be nowhere on campus where
one could hold an informal meeting over
lunch or where one would want to take guests.
The Patroon Room is used by very few
students, but it is hardly fair to characterize it
as a subsidezcd club for faculty since few
faculty use it on a regular basis and its prices
are certainly no bargain. The issues are
whether there should be suchacampus facility
and how it can be supported.

It isunsutisfactory forthe l’utroon Roomto

sources of funding become available.

But some student laders are instead
reacting like irate taxpayers who think they
can escape from inflation by getting, the
government to eliminate “waste” (as in the
current argument overdonnitcry food prices) '
and who respond to increased costs by trying
to get someone else to pay them. Indeed many
students are in debt, many work during the
school year and during the summer. and few
can easily afford higher prices. But suburban
homeowners with mortpges and children and
taxes and hating bills often have as much

l kirchmhyer
“v rr'v tllitr

Malcolm J. Sherman
right to feel pressed as do students. It has been
observed that idatlism comes easier to those
who seek to redistribute what other have
earned than to those who would be sharing
what they feel they have earned themselves.
The resulting tensions are healthy for society.
and one can hope that as people grow older
they gain in responsibility without losing a
sense of obligation to those less fortunate than
themselves. But one shudders to think thlll
people will be like at the age of40 when their
motto at 20 is. “If ldon‘t beneﬁt. then I won't
pay.“

 

Candid—aﬁs’
Living Area

Alumni
Colonlal
Commuters
Dutch
Indian
State

issues yo

 

members of the staff at the follow

Saturday, April 26 - 3 pm
Saturday, April 26 - 3:30 Pm
Saturday, April 26 - 4 pm
Saturday, April 26 - 4:30 pm
Saturday, April 26 - 5 pm
Saturday. April 26 - 5:30 pm

The purpose of these meettn
If you cannot make the meeting but w

u are concerned with, your qualifioat

CANDIDATES!!!

Univ. Senate

Central Council .
Precident -

Sunday, April 27 - 6 pm
Sunday, April 27 - 6:30 pm
Sunday, April 27 - 7:l5 pm
Sunday, April 27 -7:45 pm
Sunday, April 27 -8:30 pm
Sunday, April 27 -9:00 pm

Vice President -

SASU —

for SA President, Vice President, SASU rep, Central Council

and the student positions in the University Senate:

The ASP would like to talk to you; you are invited to meet this weekend with
111g times. at the ASP office, CC 326:

Sat, 10_ am

Sat, 12 pm

Sat., 2 pm

gs are to exchange 1nformat1on and to aid us in making endorsements.
anted to, we'd appreciate it if you dropped off a. page or two about

tons and why you would be better than your opponents

 

 

APRIL 25, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

 

