 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
     
  
   
   

 
  
  
   
  
   
  

  
  
  
     
    
       
        
      
     
    
      
       
    
       
     
        
     
    
     
    
      
      
       
     
        
 
   
     
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

.a San Francisco policeman.

 

frugmenloftbtlllét. - L I ’
The young man no the bullet had
jutt landed at his feet, hitting the
pavement.
There was no immediate
confirmation from the police
whether a shot actually had been

Infernationttl‘Airpon. according to

Robert l‘ierpuiutm CBS reporter
traveling as a member of the White
House press corps. came into a press
room in the St. Francis llotel and
said he was standing beside a
policeman when n young man
walked up and handed the
policeman what appeared to he a

 

 
 

HINGS TO DO
WHEN YOU VISIT
MEXICO.

Look at the sky.

Go into an elevator and press 3.

Have lunch.

Ride in a taxicab or bus.

Ask a person for directions to the nearest

 

post office.

Have breakfast.

Walk on the sidewalk.

Chuckle.

Have a shot of )ose Cuervo.
Deliver a lecture to the Mexican
National Assembly on the
historical significance and potential
peacetime uses of the nectanne.
as seen through the eyes of Keats.

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

lnSf {‘LlETCUO'TETtllLA ll- .“QI‘DF
TMS‘CIQTED AV? TITLE? S‘. 4‘ MT» hﬁlﬁt.i‘.l\. l‘lC. accretion {19‘le

HAMPTON. Va. (AM-An Air
Force discharge board was told last
week that T. Sgt. Leonard P.
Matlovieh. a homosexual, wouldn't

 
   

fired or. if it had. how closeit might
have landed to Ford‘s. limousine.
The President's motorcade had just
pulled away from the St. Francis
International Airport. where the
President was to board Air Force
One fora ﬂight back to Washington.

Gay Soldier Not Security Risk

bea security risk orpetvert otherser.
vicemcn if permitted to remain in the
military.

The testimony came from Dr.
John W. Money. a psychologistand
expert on sexuality. onthe thin! day
of a hearing on Matlovich‘s
challenge to the armed forces‘
tmditiona ban on homosexuals.

After Money‘s two hours of
testimony. a smiling Mntlovich
emerged from thehmring room and
sud he felt more conﬁdent that he
will be permitted to stay in the Air
Forces although he is gay.

“ l‘hings seem to bcgtiing very well
no w.“ said the ll-ycnr-old.
decorated veteran of 12 years ofAir
Force senice.“l‘m much more op-
timistic than in the past."

“.The hearing has been extremely
fair and impartial.“

To bring about the test case.
Mntlovich made his homosexuality
public in a letter to the secretary of
the Air Force in March. The three-
officer board here is to decide
uhcther he must be discharged.

Money . \t ho is on the SBflelJOhn
Hopkins l’ttiversit) llospttal. told
lllt‘ board that .\l.ttlo\tcb would be
“almost totally tr-c-c o1 susceptibility"
to blackmzzi it he 5L1) cd to the -\tr
Force because has snual dct ration
no longer l.‘ sccret

’t 11.1 \4nl'rt‘} 3.15“th “.\o' when

ruled by gore-t .mcnt counsel
u nether M allot tch‘s continued
presence tn the mtltran might

pcn ett sexually nomttlsrrt tccmcn.

“Once :5: dis l.‘ cast. it’s tmposst-
his to turn thc ciocl. haclf sexually.
said. itcqu sexual nor-
malcy or abnomalm is determined

Mont}
by tho age or S o: r

\ot nz- am: under oursttontng.
would Malina-t h: subtr‘ctt‘d to
r:-.« should h: be
. li‘arﬂhwu‘hcrf hr

    
 
 

_ t...

     
   

"I'm: pr:
moaned .
would he tn: tlt homosexual

In tho: casz. Monet tcsttl'tcd.
Mini." : under no more
3‘99- tit: 1hr: r. the ht'lt‘l‘t‘tSCMtﬂb

't. \I'.‘\t;l:l

 

 

Tlir \lhurty Student Press is 1vrtrilrtlrtvli l'l'l'l‘l Tut'sact 11m. f-rtdat zlu

DAVIE]. if, (TKI‘S
[altmwrrCIua'

51 PS \.\' C‘OLEML‘K

4:!
P (TRICK McCl.\'\'\ DA
Prnduslum Manager

rec‘an

Editor Stephan hrrntmltrt
Ass-octet: Rout
Wrrm‘lborg

\murte tm llllx'ltlllf‘ll.‘ Randi Tutu:
\f‘ MurutpL-r Mutt ktttttmun

:‘rlttrirs Stein. Duvru

ARTS
l'dltnrs Hilltm Lt'lhvcl. Spence: Rugyrn
Prawns .tovcr l't‘wcllmtlln’.

SPORTS Head 1 vpts: t
mum \‘rrrnur. Satan:

\yxo‘curtc rdlln‘: Michael Plantsth

Miler. ( trml llt
Advertising M

EDleth
itdi rm. And Ni. Harmer;

 

mid t-t-t mutt" '12 Liberty Student hm. t"t' 33h 24m: “A€)tlll_('l.u.
ALBANY STUDSNT PRESS FULL STAFF MEMBERSHIP

.lt';RR\ ALRRFC‘HT

Managing Editor 1115 7.1 lC‘KTZRMAN

[I'ILHHI‘A‘A Multat't'r

OPERATIONS

Assistant f‘tllltti' Murr “alum

L“trottlttttm’ Mtttutpct' Noun T‘illt‘l

Billing Iicx-nunttint Susan l‘lomm
ti'ttresittt-t: hth‘tr'txstnp ttnd C‘trttfl'ut Mtrttttpm

PRODUCTION

\sstsustt: l': tuttttttnn Murmur-rs carol Mt'l‘hor
stilt. llllltxt Marks

'lecrrructt. l'lllllll Stimtt Btttmeuntoek

Cnmpmtttttt Muunpor iilltsn litusen
T'Hlllucllllltilllll liltm. l‘lllthull} Kttu. Duhbrr
Router. Dublin Libel. Michelle lJl‘llll't. .ltrttut

llui Httututi. {‘le MoRnhurt. .luft Muttowitr
Paul/rumpus supp/mi inmrqnallt r'rt lmrwrxr‘tt Plum: Senna and (imam) l'r‘flllt

'vr rm .vrimni l't'll' (tr
“unmz album \l

 

flit/1:)!“ .\
~.\.

 

trot-Irvin; Mlllwfl'l‘ﬁ
Milli O‘CONNOR

konnot h Cobb

.thll‘ List-ttuteui

“135.5”?“Wlillcl.kll‘lll‘llllllll‘}
ttdttcttnri Surf! Joe Zttbrtwmh.

 

 

PA GE TWO

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

 
 
   

  
   
 
 

New Mid East Proposal Announced
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y. (AP)

Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger unveiled Monday a new US.
diplomatic initiative for a Middle East settlement based on an “informal”
conference of Israel. the Arab states and the other interested nations. "to
assess conditions and to discuss the future.“ At the same time. Kissengcr said
he stands ready to follow up his Sinai settlement between lsraeland Egypt by
promoting an interim agreement on the Golan Heights with Syria —-or even
to reconvene the Geneva talks.

Brezhnev Reltoratoo New Arms Treaty

MOSCOW (A ) Soviet leader Leonid l. Brezhnev made a strong bid for
detente and a new trmty on limitation of strategic arms today as he met the
American and Soviet crews of the Soyuz-Apollo space mission. “ll we are
lucky enough to work out this truly, it would be ofthe greatest importance
not only foryou Americans and us but for all people. for dozens and dnlcns
of years to come." the Communist party chief said. BreLhnet told the
spttcemen he was awaiting the return of Foreign Minister Andrei -\
Gromyko to “discuss the resulLs and very essence. the meaning of the non
treaty.” Gromyko is in the United States for talks with President Ford and
Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger.

Rebels Demand Ransom For Claustre

N‘DJAMENA. Chad (A P) Less than 24 hours beforethe deadline b) desert
rebels to execute a kidnaped Frenchwoman. the Chad govemmert ltidtt)
banned any ma neuvers by French troops stationed here or any (“Cl'fllghh by
French military aircraft. The order appeared aimed at preventing any lint»
minute attempt to mount a commando raid to free archeologtst Francmw
Claustre and her husband Pierre. who was captured when he lieu to Chad
recently to try to free his wife from her 17 months of (2131“ It}. [be rebels in
the northcm Tibcsti Desert say they will execute Mrs Claustrc on fut-do
morningif France doesnot paya $2.2 million ransom in monej. and material

Nixon Denies Fault For Gap in Tapes

“ASHINGTON t.-\l’l former Prestdcnt Richard M. \txon hits dented
under oath “personal responstbilit)" for the lSlj-rninute gap in .t “lute
House tape recorded three days after the Watergate breakan. his lumen
disc 0st today. The tape gap remains one of the mysteries of the \\ ulctgulc
scandals \lhich drote \Ixott to resign. The disclosure cam: at a hearing
below: .t specral lhni‘jludgc court created to consider Nixon‘s .tllt'tttplsl
rugrtttt control and possession of the tapes and 42 million docutncnh and
papers accumulated during his S‘.:—year president}.

Boston Teachers Union Declare Strike
BOSTON thl’l Teachers in Boston ualkcd ot‘t'
cotttpottndittg problems faced by the city's newly :ntegt-..

strike left many classrooms ill the s) stem of "6.003 pupils open 1 u
lhe Bttsltlll School Committee ordcrcd schools open Honest, deg.
trachcts‘ dccixtott Sunday to stnkc. Only about Sm c- ’
shim ed up .tnd most Ptll‘ll) stayed home. The Sll‘llet‘ cc:
third neck of scltool.dc.\ptte marathon \vcekcnd t
Boston Teachers Union and the school commute:

'o'f‘ \lnttdat.

 

s; boob lllL‘

 

rt

    
 
  

Hearst Prepares For Ball Hearing
{MN iR.-\.\(‘l§(‘0 (\l‘l Patricia llcarst may tale 1
l ticsday m .m effort to com nice a skeptical federal god-3: tn.»
to be lrccd on bail. accordth to one ot' her .. ".‘li'\.‘ \l
tictt-spapcts today reported thM Fill agents dawn:
document that includes criticism by Miss Hearst
liberation hint) companions Reports of the do:
tittotncts tor Miss Hearst prepared tor l'ucuax'» he
tl‘t\'L\.ll.E.illt\n ot possible links bctuccn th: St ~\ and z:

 
 
 
  
  
 
  

 
 

Ford Proposes Help to Private Industry
.\A\ YRA NCISCO t-\l‘l President Ford Monday propose;
a $100 billion government corporation to hclp pz‘t
massive cnct‘gy resource l‘ll'QK‘tlh ovcr the not: to were
prepared lot a convention hct‘c ot lh: «Fl—Clo constructi
unions, l-ord said the proposed ooryuratron. to b: can
Independence Authority. \rtll undct‘rakconft thou: , r: '
httmness cannot undcnakr alone."

  
 
  
 
  
 

 

Musicians Urge Road Show Strike
M?“ \ ORK tAl‘l Striking Broadway muxtota n8 war:
at tht‘tl international union today in an :t‘lort to are:
musicals mounted b\ .cht \‘ot-L producers “\\ :‘a nu to st: it 5.“?th '
MM «runs. president of the n‘lllsli'llt m‘ uthr: ot the ilt’f'Lb\-CIIC .
llttr temporarilt closed nine Broadway musical: and threatcru rr or?
voting thotttrr season Taking the ntl‘tLC on thr road uatzto It‘ﬂflb'C ‘
"ll-NlF-lllb t'tll'l‘t‘nllt on hull and sobodulod to open or. Pit-nan L\ at"
out mouth

 

mm ut'.‘  

  

  
  

3507. 7

 

Carey Calls tor Four GOP Resignation:

ujuhd. N.\ . tkl‘l Gov. llttph Cam called tat the t‘cutpnmizim ;-' 
Rllptlhllt‘llll ltr‘f‘t‘lllHN‘h on the stair Mental Hygiene Council Mariam
trtiuounrtvtl ,ilirm lot rlooontrulwnnon ot the Mental t-lvptem Dorm!
(“um . u l‘lllllt‘lt‘l‘tll. said llll‘ tout appointee» who wort nit mod to thr u e- -
nutter Republican tim's Nelson Rockolollot and Mulcolm Wilson tal'il’v‘
cxpnrttut- lll mental humane. and noted that our non worn in Nov .lot'. .nc.
tttutthut Ill Wtultutpton IT“. I Kin sumo. Mun testimon- "Nil

SEPTEMBER 23, 1975

 
  

   
 
 
 
   
 
    
    
 

   
  
     
   

 

 

 

i:
p
l.
r.
‘ t
r.
L.
. l

 

    
 
  
 
 

  

  
    

 

 

 

 

Wellington Students ‘

Block for Commuter Seats

by L'arry Lopez

The I938 UN YA students living in
the Wellington Hotel this {all todtty
find themselves targets of a massive
and secretive campaign aimed at fill-
ing all six vacttnt commuter seats on
the Central Council and one seat in
the Senate. The elections are to ht:
held this Week.

A group of Wellington students
who chose their seven strongest cun-
didtttcs have been lcullcting the hotel
ltcttvily. urging Wellington students
to “volt: the Wellington Bloc“ while
maintaining a low or non-existent
profile elsewhere.

llat‘t Minsky, one of the six run-
tting for Central Council. said in an
interview Sunday night that his Silllt.‘
will on ntpttigu on campus soon. “We
lnncn‘l had time.“ he explained.
"We‘ve been waiting for everyone to
come home from their weekends."

Minsky is counting on it high tttr-
nottl l'rom llll.‘ hotel. "If everybody
\otes. I think we can take it if all
two hundred of us vote,“ Minsky
said.

Although :tppt'uxitnutely 4,000
students commute. their turnout at
elections has ttltvttys been lower than
that (ll tin-campus students. Accor-
tling to ('cttttul Council Chairperson
l)tr\ id ('oyne. lull elections last you r
only drew a ll\l.' per cent cotttmutcr
turnout about too httntlt'cd Votes.

All lltllll\ of l\\’tl hundred new
votes tleliwt'etl to six candidates
cottltl sweep them into tllllCL‘ (‘oynu
sitlll. “last fall. it took about sl.\l_\’
votes to \t'tn." llt: hilltl. lltis year.
though. he expects tr turnout up to
three times us large because of lllc
number (ll candidates. all of whom
have friends.

With Eb' candidates running for"
COIllIlllIlL‘l' hCillh. llllWL‘YCl'. il [WU
hundred \utc block stands on ex-
cellent cluttth of winning against
fragmented opposition. If tltttt
lltlppcnh. four thousand commuting
students who live iii a wide variety of
ttt'étts may find themselves

represented by students itt llll:
Wellington. '

Minsky said other commuters
shouldn‘t worry. “We believe we cart
rcptcscnt them. and we speak to
them all the time." he stated. "People
who live in apartments don‘t see

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
    
 

 

 
 
 

other commuters.“

“ We consider ourselves off-
campus computers." Minsky added.
explaining that although his group
did not fttccttll tltc sttmcprohlemstts
other commuters. it would still pay
attention to such things as landlord
problems.

Wltcn asked for his Slate's plal~
form. however. Minsky listed live
“areas of concern“ which affected
Wellington students directly but
other commuters only tangentially.
And. one “Wellington Block" llyer
posted on a hotel wull claimed that
cptttttt'ittg six seats “would create a
very strong voting bloc in the Coun<
eil which Would give us trsttdvtrntttge
itt coordinating legislation that
would benefit the Wellington." None
of the several flych the slate has
posted and slid underdoors itt hun-
tlrctls makes any mention of other

cutttntttlcrx or other commuter
issues.
l‘he Wellington's Scuttle can-

ditltttc. (‘lil'f 'l'ckel. itt u scpurutc in-
tcrt'icw admitted that “the
Wellington is a whole different
story" than other commuters and
said he was running hccllllxc “I want
to do my thing for the Wellington.
It's my first concern,"

Itoth Minsky and ‘l'ekcl said they
would represent mtrtmuters best
because the) sun each other cort-
\lilllll} and been the must commuters
are less interested than they are.
llrtttttpltnut tltt' interment. both
men sucmcd uncertain whether they
“noted to be grouped with on-
ctrmpus hltltlcllls. tor ltttttliug pur-
poses. or cutttnttttcts. to be eligible
lm- tltt: six hunts.

()ll-Clllllpllh dorms ttrc tr lloted tillL'
scill on the Council ltll‘ every one
lllllltll‘t‘tl and fifty I‘csitlcttts. A bill In
gltclllt.‘ Wellington students one seat
on the Council was tlclctttcd lust
wch ttt the request ol'xltttc members.
David Lusxnu. who introduced the
bill to the Central (‘ottuciL argued
tltttt tt separate seat was needed to ctr-
sure that the hotel xlttdcnls‘ special
concerns were represented and to
prevent them from block-votiugaud
cutting off other cotntttuters from
proportional representation.

Lessnc‘s bill passed by at vote of

t'tHllf/llll'll (HI pugt' xix

 

     
    
  
  

  
  
  
     
  

 
 
 

 

 

 

  
   
   
  

slowly

The new Ramskeuer bar, under construction, awaits llnlshlng louches. Students will soon be able

to drink to their heart's content . .

. closer to home!

Students React 0n Cheating

by Joan Ellsworth

l-uculty are not lllt.‘ only people
concerned about increases in exam
cheating. plttgitt rib!“ and other forms
of academic dishonesty at Albany
State. Adtttinistnttut‘s and students
art: now looking at the lll‘lllltl issue of
academic ethics.

A survey sent to students this
summer by Dean forSttttlcttt Affairs
to specific questions on ttcttdcttttc

  

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ON STUYVESANT

ACROSS THE STREET

honesty and other ill't‘ilb of student
life tlll campus. A pp roxtttttttcly I400
surveys were returned. ()Itly httlf of
these are tabulated. yet early results
Indicate that as much ills 849'}; til
students answering the question-
naire are concerned with the matter
of academic integrity on campus.
“l‘ucttlty concern over cheating."
according to Brown. “escalated itt
the spring of last year." l,lt: cont-
mottled that many students and

    

PLAZA

NEW SHIPMENT

1.99

 

_ SPECIALS

faculty members mutlc ittl’tu'tttttl
complaints about cheating to hint
then.

What can students and taculty for-
mally do about cheating? 'l'ctt com-
plaints of disltnttcsly and or
plagiarism were brought directly to
the UniversityJttdicittl Systctninlltc
W7} 74 academic year. One case
was brought before the judicial
system by a student who accusin tr
pct-r of cheating on an exam.

('heulirtt: l' isls

l‘l'tilll (:09; to Bl)"; of students in-
dicated on the survey that they
llcllL'\L‘tl high academic pressures
and cheating on exams ltl exist ill
5 l ' \ VA.

lletttt lit‘ttwtt feels llllll. "Students
‘lllL‘ telling us that the ttctttlemic
pressures on this campus are rather
severe," llrtiwn \tlltl [but the level of
Ctllllpt'lllltilltllSllNY'h'Ittllscspctt-
plc to ll\t' any and till rite-arts to
produce :tcatlcltticttlly. to produce a
record."

Assistant Dermot Student Affairs
flank Kirchner sees bolt "the com-
llL'llll\L'llt'\> tll this campus and lllt.‘
t'ttthlcssness of marking on it curve
tlo thtnps to people." Students to-
day. llL' liultetes. ttte not cheating to
stay in school but to bring up their
tnct'rtgc ll’ttlll ll “3.2 to at Mt.“

brown is vague llh to a solution to
the problem ol'ttcudetttie dishonesty.
One possible suggestion he offers isu
program of re-cduetttion for botlt
faculty and students on ethics. "It
seems to me that there has been a
spltrsltbttck effect itt ethical behavior

in institutions which ltllS perhaps
followed the ethics itt thiseountry...l
think it is time to review that. I know
I must do that this year."

PAGE THREE

 

