 r.- me-«vswm. . .. . ,.

 

handhﬁqselﬁlandsmgmaend4etlzun
10:” one. in it 20. "3.75   and 81.2! without.
w Oaiee meats Wed-m7 p.m. Iaginnor’s sites or
c. All welcome. Cuhprlcmretreshments. For into cell Andy at 7-
7705. ‘

O O O

Mali Cld dmA—intorrnation and d’acuaion opanto all.
Tuesdays at 7:30 pan. loam 373 in the Campus Center.
 Will will meet on Mon. Oct. 6at7:30p.rn.
in HU 354. Proteuar Poul Ioarnelitter oi the Dept. of Spent:
Pathology and Audiology will speak on the development al
speech perception in children.
. 0

GET INVOLVED '

All those’interested in working on the Children's Moor Cut-
Iiittoa at Telethon, are invited to the lirst general meeting.
Tues. Oct. 7, at7 p.nL in he StateOuad Playroom. Any questions,
please teal tree to call Koren at-457-4656, or Craig 7-3036.

Friends: Tools Proiect Inc. at East Greenbush is now inthe process

at establishing a 24 hour community service line entitled

Outreach Switchhard. Its goal will beta provide a listening ear

lor these in need at someone to talk to, as well as intarmation

about various services in the area. Volunteers are desperately
needed. For turther into call 477-0990.

lnterested in meeting people” People passing thhrough Albany

need a ploceto staytor a night ortirro. it you’ve gotthe room and

the iinterest drop into Miﬂle Earth, 102 Schuyler Hall on Dutch,

and become part otthe Crash tilt we're compiling; or call Marc
at 7—7950 or Jim at 7-3933.

A Crisis Hotlina is to begin within the nextth months in Troy tor
child-abusing parents. Volunteers are needed to man the
telephone Mom—Fri. tram 3-7 p.m. and tram 7-11 p.m. For
lurther’inio Icall Maria Sunkiion at 274-3126.
0 O I

OFFICIAL NOTICE

Attention liaineu Students: Operation EP continues this weak.
Studentswith last names beginning with Ethru J should pick up
their pockets at BA-36'l on Oct. 6 or 7
C A ‘ , Service ' J ' ‘ sessions have
started—please remember that you must attend one session in
order to receive a passing grade.
All University groups, audaanola, or people interested in collec-
ting tor um (Oct 31 is the Ollicial Fundraising Day) should
call Claire 74761.

lniormotion on various Fellowships, i; available tram Robert H.
Frey in Ad 21!. The deadline date for receipt at applications in
his ottice is Oct. 20, 1975.

Law School interviews with Bison l.er at Rutgers Law School,
will be held Mon. Oct. 6. Make appointments in University.
College, ULB 36.

EVENTS

Meeting
Monday, Oct. 6

Help Plan
the Best Party
this Campus Has Ever

Seen!
WAY m

"M wanna
MAGIC 5000'
O

' PAGE EIGHT

ALBANY CAMPUS

General Interest

7:30 PM in CC Room 373

or coil.,.
Mark 482-0128
Renae 463-0010

-—----—--------------i

W Frifnight, «if;

The  A”  Saucer eaai trov
“Contendtepl'eitlieled Drogereierhaerealsouan
wwwaiwmwmsdmrudm
derby-play eaten, .aarting at 7:15 p.m. Sat" Oct Hi
Great heal-t”! Jain Doug lewande and Harvey
Kilian, tram Wee Henrietta. NY, in the Danes take on the
lochater histituta oi Technology Tigers. Airtime is 1:25 p. m. with
Al's Mtic—the pro-game All on WSUA Spits—the Sporty

e
International Sonar Genie-All members at le Cerde Francois.
Italian-American Alliance, German Club, Russian Club, 0"
SponishCIub—remamber: the soccer game and picnic (bring your
own lunch) is this Sun. Oct 5, at 12 noon. Meet near playground
at Washington Park. Faculty and lriends are all invited.

Albany State Archers m.aets at 6:30 pm. in the Women's Aux-
iliary Gym on the 2nd lloar at the Phys. Ed. Building. Forinlo call
Dale 7-5228.

Judo Club meets in Gym‘Wrestling Edam Tues. at 7 p.m., Thurs.
at 6. beginners class starts at 7:30 p.m. on Thurs. Far inla call
Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7875.

. . e

The AMIA is altering a basketball atliciating course worth one

credit towards graduation.5tudents who pass the course will be

eligible tor the highest pay tor AMlA/basketball alticials. The

course begins during the second week at October. Sign up with
Dennis Eliin in C0356.

INTERESTE FOLK

FroEouol lights Amendment Speaker.Man. Oct. 6. at 8 p.m. in
CC 375. Question and Answerpariodfarinlocall Susan at 5924.

5 by 2 Dance Company, Bruce Becker and Jane Kominsky, will
be in residence at SUNYA from Oct. 1618. They incorporate a.
widely varied style at choreography and heritage. Watch lar
residency schedule or call Dance Dept. 457-4525 lar inlo.
or O O

An inlarmal group discussing the relevance at the Torah in con-

temporary times meets every Monday night in a Churnth

Review otthe Sidrawith Rabbi Rubin at B in the Patroon Lounge.
All welcome.

An interesting class in tilishna,‘Midrosh, Chassidic and Jewish

Philosophy is given every Tues. evening by Rabbi Israel Rubin at

his home 122 So. Main Ave. B p.m. All are welcome. For inlocoll
482-5 81.

Cookies, cakes 8 all sorts bl baked gobds: Tuesday Oct. 7 in the
CC lobby. Telethon '76 sponsors it~danations to Wildwood
School.

There will be an introductory lecture‘on Eckanliar, the Path of
Total Awareness on Wed. Oct. 8 at 8:00 in HU 123.

To all interested Economics studens: A seminar on Eco. graduate
school will be held Oct. 10 at 3:15 in MT Penthouse. Those in-
terested in serving on the Eco Dept. Undergraduate Committees
are also urged to attend. Relreshments will be provided.
. . .

The Many Uses at Classical Mythology, an exhibit of
photographs and graphics will be in the PAC, Recital Hall from
Sept. 27 through Oct. 22.

oralte and are interested
Sq.  11 please contact
‘10 p.m or 457-7683 during

Sexism will have gieva
Cd Jill 435-4260 for lurtli:

s W.

in e Patraon 'ot thﬁCampus Center.

L} "October it train 1 p.r_n. ta 2 o.m. Everyone illn-
vited. There wilt'be music, arts and crotts. a tug at war and 50
kegs at beer. Where? Alumni Quad Courtyard. Tickets on sulei"

Campus Cantu until Oct. 9.

' O O O
The SO! Wand I Social Mia Committee present
colloquim “What Ought the 50E Daiil Light at the Score col:
mittea Report? Thurs. Oct. 9, train {to 4:30 p.m. in Ed 335.
Sal Actor. John Stewart Andersen will appear on Oct. 19 are
:n the Main Stage. For inla coll PAC lax Ollice 7.5606.

D Q
women, interested in talming a Feminist Theatre Group can
430-3006

 .ﬁ 7,  . e ."e
Comte a NewStudeatUGathedngpt 12 noon on Wed. 0&3
th

0 D e
Contribute your stories. poem. empties. and photo. ,0
“tax literary Magazine. All welcome or weekly no“
meetings to select works tor publication. For into, call 70074 or 7-
8954.

I I I
local craftsmen, artists, orgroupsinterested in setting up booth,
and displaying their wares atMehawk Campus Cralti Fair on,
4, call 371-6941.

Free showing at lilrn ol the trdme up at Black political 0mm
Martin Sostre tonight Oct. 3 at 7:30 in the Draper Audnmim
Sponsored by People lor Socialism.

. .

The Albany Chapter at the Caucus for Women's Rights at

SUNY will sponsor a reception and inlormal meeting on Fr., 0“,

3, item 3:30 to 5:30 pm. in H0 354. All interested in the com,

are cordially invited to attend thedmeeting. Relreshments will be
SGTVC .

e d D
All University Women: Rush registration deadline I5 Sat On. A
at 5 pm. You can register with either Psi Gamma, Kappa Delta or
Chi Sigma Theta.

Fall is here at beautilul Mohawk Cainpus, serving the student
community with 284 acres at rolling hills and woodea land. Just
15 min on the Northway all Exit 8.

e . .

Anyone interested in attending an Orthodox Christian

Fellowship group are urged to attend our meetings on Sundays

at 6 pm. in the Campus Center Patroon Lounge. For lunhei .n.
formation call Terry at 436-1535.

. . .

Tonight—Celebrate the 26th Anniversary of the People’s

Republic at China, with the U.S.—China PeoplF Friendsmp

Association, at 7:30 p.rn. in the First Presbyterian Chuvzh, on

State A Willet Streets, by Washington Park. Retresrmenn,
movies, speakers. arts and crafts, etc

sums Jan Society préienrs 'crtuci'wciyne, virtuoso gm”...

with Jack Six and Tony Rouge—Friday, Oct. 3 at 8:30 p m ll'l the

CC Ballroom. 51.00 with tax, $2.00 without. More info call 457-
5324.

This weekend, the Fiona-Dried Colleehouse presents Martin
Grocswandt (Blues 8 Folk) atthe CC Assembly Hall Doors open
at 8:30—midnight. Free with tax. 5.75 without. Reliesnmentt
available. For inlo call 457—4735. Volunteers alwoy: reacted

Chapel House Masses: .Sat., 5:30 plm” Sun. 9.30 H anc l
p.m.

. . .

Merce Cunningham, whose avant-garde experrmenls m

choreography and perlormance have affected man) romeo

porory arts, will lead a tour-day residential workshop rr Manner-

tan sponsored by Empire State College, Oct. 10-13 For imher
inlo call Ms. Ogden, 587-2100.

. . .
Empire State College, in recognition at International Women's
Year il altering a three-day residential seminar m moment
studies, Oct 16-19, on the Bennet College campus In Humorool.

NY. For further into coll Ms. Ogden at 5872‘ C'.‘

The Student Committa; to Elect  Alvid Mogrd lo the
Schenectady County Legislature seeks volunteers to at: n we
campaign. The lirst organizational meeting will be her: 5- Mon

e e e

 

equipment.

 

Tall: Anywhere
In the World For Free!

I

l

I

l

l . Come to the Amateur Club

: Meeting, Saturday October 4

: 2:30 in the Colonial Quad Tower

: Penthouse and ﬁnd out how to
become a “ham” radio operator. If

you already have your amateur
l1cence, come up and

Pete at 7-8935

I

l

l

I

I

l

E call Ken at 7-8827 or
I

l SEE YOU THERE!!!!

USC 01.11“

lunded by SA

 

 

 STUDENT Plum.

/

"’“W‘BER 3

 

 

 

 

, The French violin wizard, Jean-Luc Partly.

by Larry Scltwurll

A V. lull (‘umpus Ccnlcr ballroom crde
ltczird Jenn—Luc- l’unly rind the Heath Brothers
this past Monday Iiightﬁl‘llcl-lcutlt limthcrs. at
modern ju/I. quartcl. played u very enjoyable
warm up sci mixing their talent as jun.
musicians with their own .riind of musicul
humor. l’crcy Heath's “W iicrgulc Blues" was
a good example. Hc pu'lr .1 out his blondc cello
rind begun plucking i' aka a lczid guitarist to
the old standard tw .ve bur blues.

'l‘lic llcuih Brut icrs got the audience in a
good mood whi n can sometimes be hard for
warm up groups. They played most ofthcir
own compositions which ullowod cuch musi-
cian to display his own talents. They proved to
the jazz-rock crowd that modern jazz can be
aim of fun.

chin-Luc l‘only, the violin wimrd. and his
band followed the chth Brothers. it was the
ucousiics oflhc ballroom that put a damper on
l’only‘s otherwise excellent performance.
l’only relies heavily on electronics employing

A an echoplex and custom madesynthcsizcr.
Naturally he is loud and must play in a hall
that will absorb much of the sound.

The ballroom has a high reverberation time
which causes an echo that interferes with Pon-
ty‘s music. His ﬁrst performance was extreme-
ly lacking bccuusc ofthis. Butafteralongcon-
fercncc betwccn shows certain corrections
were made and his second performance was a
success.

The Wings of Music

l’only‘s hnnd cousisls uf twenty-two your
old Dill'yl Sicurmcrou guilur, 'l‘om Fuwlcruu
bliss. Norm l‘lirl'iuglrtu on pcrcussion and
Mike Wrtlff on keyboards. Slcurmcristln cx-
ccllcnl young guitarist who was discovered
playing in il lucnl bum! in Milwaukee and rcc-
cmnmcndcrl lu l’ulity by (icurgc Duke. llc
ll‘llLlCll solos with l’unly much like the violin
xvi/uril had dunc with John McLaughlin whcn

he was with MllllinsllllU. Stcurmcr‘s spec-(l

dunlcrl lllL‘ uudicncc.

Anullicr crowd l'uvurilc wars 'l‘um l‘owlcr un
buss. l’oniy picked him up from Frank lup-
pai‘s blind.

Poniy‘s performance consisted of all his
own compositions. must ofthcm from his new
album. Upon The Wings Of Muxir'. He
started the second show with the title cut from
that album. This song is typical of l’nnty‘s
music. llc‘ll start it composition with a central
theme which is introduced also sort ofprcludc.
'l‘licn hc'll break off into ujam whereby solos
are handed out. found the song hc‘ll devise un
ending usually encompassing the central
theme or some 'vuriution.

The most exciting pzirls of his performance
are the solos. 'l'hcsuunds he produces from his
violin attached to a synthesizer is astounding
to your curs. llc hus acquired this technicer
proﬁciency through ﬁfteen years of classigitl
training and thirteen yciirs of experimenting
with the electric violin.

Slcurmcr is 11150 an excellent soloist. l’onty
commented bctwccn shows that it's
fascinating 10 sec Daryl grow. incorporating
new riffs illl the time.

I ltllkcd with l’only bulwccu shows and
found him in be ll musician who is sincere and
dedicated to music. He listens to all types of
music for enjoyment. When on the road he
carries cassettes of Stravinsky. Chick Cui‘cu.
Flamenco music. Indian Music. .limi Hendrix
and Stanley Clurkc.

 

For enjoyment
Polity listens to
Stravinsky, Hendrix
and Stanley Clarke. .

 

 

 

Both his parents were classical musicians
who began (ruining him for the violin ill uge
live. At scvcntccu he graduated the Caliper-
vatoirr: Nuliuilul Supcricur dc Musiquc dc
Paris will) the highest honors. After pluyiugin
a symphony orchestra for three ycurs be split
to play juzz exclusively. He lost ulut of friends,
he comments. but giiiitcd it lot of new ones too.

Poniy had difﬁculty in milking the transi-
tion from classical music. which is very struc-
tured and requires devote uccurucy to each
note. to jazz and blues where he was to im-
provise and experience new rhythms.

He also had the problem of having his soft
violin heard ovar the loud drums. trumpets
and saxes ofjazz. He had to put 3 mike on his
violin out of necessity.

He was displeased with amplified sound
because it carried with it the distortions in-
heicnt in the ampliﬁer. But he soon teamed
through experimentation that this sound
could be further developed. So afterthi‘rtcen
years which took him through the Monterrey

and Berlin Jazz Festivals. ‘
Frank Zappa. Eltiin John and Job

McLaughlin he has dcvcldpcd‘his ovum bound;

and his own music. ‘ r -

And that‘s what he played last Monday;

night.

The Heath Bros; They mlx [an and muslcet humor.

 

 

 

 

7 Leader of The Pack 1

by Keith Graham

ln lltcptist ycur. clcclrunicjun. has
risen considerably in popularity.
Despite critic‘s accusations that it‘sa
sellout. more people an: interested in
jun. than ever before. Hcrhic Han-
cock. Billy Cubltum. Weather
Report. the Eleventh House. George
Duke, Alphonse Muuzon. ltnd
Return to Forever, among others,
have tllllic considerably wcll playing
this type of music. Suprisingly. nunc
ofllicsc fine musicians. in it group or
individually. llzisbccn acknowledged
as the lender of the muvcmcnt

inwards electronic jun.

Despite being associated with
Return to Forever (he is in the
background) und nu ailbum newly
released since lust year. the
acknowledged lender is Stanley
Clarke. His last effort was it good.
but not great seller. This ycur hi:
toured with Return to Forever mus'
ufihc iimc. Sn why lsltcthc lczidcr of
this music‘! The answer is because he
docs it better ihzm unyonc cisc

Stanley Clarke just huppcns to he
the world's lincsl lllllmmlld bassist.
He is also an uxccllcnt cumpuscr nf
music. llc combined tltcsu tulciils
with those ul other good musicians
and urine up Wllll it great album.
Wllill lic docs is play the music
ilifl'cmmly than anyone who has
done It before.

Most electronic jun. is usually
played in it funny wriy. Must sides
are (lime in no punicullrrly sol
rylhmicul pilllCl'll. Sooner 01‘ lulcr. u
pcrformcr will break from the
pilllcl‘ll the song has established as
its main one. In Clurkc‘s music. there
isn't that lcndcncy. 'llic rhythmical
pattern is established ill the begin-
ning of the song. with few variations
liiicr on. He also uses his buss very
well in the lcud. Most performers
have the keyboards oru guitar in the
lead. Interestingly enough, he puts
the keyboards in the background
(perhaps out of pkiying behind
Chick Caren). The result ofull this is
it new and different type of music.

A problem is that he won't leave
Return to Forevcrand really get into
some creative music. Despite his age.
he has played with numerous great
jazz musicians. He halt played all
types of jam and says he was in-
ﬂuenced by Coltrane, Davis and
most of all by Hendrix. The ability is
there and we can only hope that he
will create more music.

‘1‘" ‘ LVI‘VZ‘T... AH' .‘ L. '-

 was"?

 

