 
 
 

 

 

 

 

ALE HOUSE

Free admission
with Albany State ID.

Happy Hour 9—10
Drinks $.40

Plus Live Music

Tabard Ale House Wantagh, Long Island
1869 Wantagh Avenue 516-785-9462

' L------------------------

\\\ /

e

 ‘t.
ﬁgwl

 

g
y (A. 

   

    

 

 

 

 COlumnS

$1: The Bill
of Frights

Congress is in the process of drafting the

' ﬁrst standardization of the federal criminal

code in this country‘s history. S-l (and its
companion bill H.R. 333) calls for reinstate-
ment of the death penalty. abolishment of the
insanity defense. unduly harsh sentencing and
suppression of those forms of social action
that have until now been covered by the bill of
rights. In cases concerning national security.
S-l tosses outtheﬁrst and ﬁlth amendments
like so much garbage. In addition, the entire
bill is so vague that it would “lorcc men and
women of good will to guess at the meaning of
thelawand act at their own peril." (ACLU).
The history of S-I goes back to I966. when
ex-governor Pat BrOWn of California was ap-
pointed head of the National Commission on
Reform of Federal Criminal Laws. The Com-
missionrcported its conclusions to Richard
Nixon in l97l. Rather than submittingthem
to Congress. Nixonturnedthem overto his at-
torncy generals. Mitchell and Kleindeinsl.
who eliminated the bill’s liberal sections and
transformed it into a carte hlanehe for
political repression. Nixon saw the bill as a
way to“reinstatestahility" and halt the “grow-
ing sense of permissiyeness“ in America.
(State of the Union Message. I973). lhc pre-
sent bill. sponsored by senators .lolni
McClellan and Roman I'lruska. iselosertotlte
Mitchell/ Kleindeinst versionthanthe original

   

THE

likily that H.R. 333 Will be voted on by this ‘

Congress. S-l will probably reachthe Senate ’

floorlthis' summer; Hruslta is retiring'and is
willingto compromise on several pointstoen-
sure passage this year. With or without liberal
revisions. it Is obvious from the following ex- '
amples that the bill is a disaster.

The bill nullil‘ies the I972 Supreme Court
decision abolishing capital punishment. S-l
advocates the death penaltyin cases involving
murder. treason. espionage. or sabotage.

Included is a redraft ol'the I940 sedition act.

I used in the McCarthy witch hunttrials, until it

was made inoperative by the I957 Supreme
Court decision. Violation provides l5
years/“00.000 fine for membership in an
organization allegedly advocating the incite-
ment of others to action which "at some future
time Would facilitate as speedily as cir-
cumstanees will permit“ the destruction of the
government. and where “intent” for such
charge can be shown. ‘

Fines for all felonies Would be increased to
$I0tl.tltlt) mandatory minimum. sentences are
set with no chance of probation for cenain
offenses. thereby eliminatingjudicial discre-
tion to consider a defendant's record.

The bill would inhibit the prosecution of
wrongdoing by public officials whentheillegal
conduct is covered by “an official grant ofex-
press permission" and the public official
“acted in reasonable reliance on such state-
ment.“

Virtually every kind of civil rights. peace
and other protest action would be threatened
with severe penalties under a series of vaguely
drafted infringements on the right of
assembly. including restrictions onthe right to
demonstrate adiaeent to wherever authorities
may declare the “temporary residence" of the
President to he.

S-I provtdes for sentences from 20 years to
the death penalty for sabotage. The stiffcst
penalties are for any destruction of property
that would “interfere with or obstruct the
illlllll_\ oi the [1.8. or an associate nation (c.g.
South Vietnam) to prepare for or engage in
war or delense aeln ities.“ Thus it would make

Ill't'St'llf

KINKS
 t

illt' l'uIm-i'

1/1." llhl M l l

“M t)

lit:lu:ts

ill! ‘..i|i .il llll' l'.i|.il t' lIIIK Illllll
llllll' ( I'llll'l liww-Ii-iu .‘wi lllll‘l littly N!

N: t. VVJ" lVltt-m

lllll‘illl‘ltl lVltt‘v.

llt’.l A Hum] lll't liltl Sliiiti lltl (lt‘llltdllkyi

  

NOVEMBER 21, 1975

 

     

t.'\L'I_\‘ puhlit- demonstration. no matter how],
 _ r

i.

' in» we which‘ihe bane

mustbefoiight now. It'wé‘wait forthe'ACLU '3 thing . 1‘ i! gr

to bring a class action suit in 5 years. it maybe
too late for thousands of people nowfacitigor
soon to f nee trial. particularly prison'activists.
It will ccnainly be too late for anyone on death
row.

Letters to Congresspeople are a start: also

We urge you to take this bill seriously.-
‘rio'n in the ASP by a niember d the local

Coiistituti it are only “breaths tliego
rnent :v'rhe are used. Demonstrate
you still‘can. ‘ ' - . i ’
Editor! note; Hummer/II was excerpted
from alteration Magazine (Vol. I9. r;
July. August [973) andsubmirredfarpiiblicn-

American Civil liberties Union. " 

 

 

Romper Room
. Registration

 

I “u...—

 

“Seniors shall draw class eards first; then
juniors. followed by sophomores and lastly.
the lowly freshmen." .
—Aristotle
Thus began one of the most incredibly com-
plex processes outside of open heart surgery >~
registration. Ah yes. registration. The word
rolls off the tongue like a piece of fetid cheese.
It brings to mind pictures of depression-era
type dole lines. middle aged women ﬂailing
students with “Sorry. it's closed" and that last
minute prayer to the Lord forthiit “fifth gut“.
The worst part. of course is the psy-
chological expense involved with the ulcerous
U-lounge labyrinth. While probably a great
way to get independent study credit for jogg-
ing. it‘s a pain to criss-eross the university
searching for a needed signature here. aclosed
scelion card there. or a receipt over yonder.
llut why'.’ Why is this mind-fucking
procedure in existence? Willi all the highly
trained and paid management. public ad-
ministration. organi/atiomil. and systems
analysis skill on this campus. why can't
registration be simplified? Yes. yes. I know.
"we‘re working on streamlining tltc system

Ila! nd day“ . , . . . but it‘s still terrible.

 

.
a. .. ‘ El

., MGR

 
  
       
   

mam 7 .'  v  kl. 1
. a: s7",—  .  ,- w 
O ‘4‘ 3/) If.) g a I. /#.,

 . 

‘4

  

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

A Feast uarunteed teenager Hie imagination,siarh‘
ANTIPAg’TO butter and renewed by heaping plallUS at 6? .
LASAGNAMEATBAIJS, SAUSAGE and MORE. And to top is art, an Ice
mug of BEER,gobtetot WNE,ororwoiher beverage.

CH‘LDREN  under )0

served (“My I2Noon trtttPMv Mariam) Monday emto iiPM

-'   Western MAQFulleervﬂ.

by. .L

If we can send men to the moon. dock space
ships together thousands of miles away. clone
cellular structures. and elect Nixon twice. aur-
ely a relatively simpler method of registration
can be devised. Well. what should be done?

How about forcing administrators to draw

cards for offices. staff. and furniture. It could
probably be done based on the number of
completed memos handled—with Incomplete
memos not countingfor registration purposes.
With all this high powered talent competing
for the roomiest ofﬁces with the nicest views.
the newest desks. and the cutest secretaries (I
know. I know. that would besexist) something
positive might result.

Of course. there might be problems with
“stops” due to having neglected the United
Way contribution: the hassles of getting a
closed-office card for a popular building;
possible corruption as administrators draw
cards for friends lower down in the hierarchy.
ete. BUT. it would certainly lead to an even—
tual (perhaps instant?) simplification ol the
system as more and more hrainpower is put
into solving this unsa\ory situation. Then. we
could apply such knowledge to the Colonial
Quad jungle.

ar,t~.,’l‘t.tl'::-meter-ALL-You-CAN I
EAT- ITALIAN 4“ EAST. $2.95.
Including “line or Beer.

i-Wutbaw

 
  

   

. t
 ,{ “"9 .2“
’ fl/

5?; .’  w, x

with our famous
HE‘IT I,PI11A.

ALBANY

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIF TEEN

     

    
 

 

 

t
l
i
t
.

 

i

 

