 

.D , Sharp

3 contrary to
speculation. it has been determined
that, any possible change in policy
concerning field work by the School
of Social Welfare. would not affect
declared majors presently enrolled,
according to Charles O'Reilly, Dean
of the school of Social Welfare. '

— Dean O‘Reilly stated that it is a
“mic within- the University" that any
“change in requirements does not
affect anyone who entered under a
certain set of requirements“, unless.
“they opt for it, and it is to their
advantage as they see it."

Ellen Greenberg. ajunior, and co-'

chairperson of the recently formed
Social Welfare Association, stated
that there has been “a lot of anxiety
and tension" among students hr the
social welfare department
concerning this issue. According to
Greenberg, Gordon Saile.
Coordinator of Undergraduate
Field Instruction. was asked to be a
guest speaker on Feb. 6th. at the first
meeting of the Social Welfare
Association. and “inform us 'of any
change within the department." “At
the meeting Prof. Saile told us of a
proposal passed by a sub-committee
of the Curriculum Committee. still
to come before the Social Welfare
Council. If passed. it would include
doubling our field work
requirements from 8 to l6 hours.
with no additional credit. We were
told it would affect us. as juniors.“

Lisa Paul. also co-chairperson of
the Association. agreed. adding: “the
attitude presented was that this was a
very probable change and there was
nothing that we could do about it.
We sat for about a half-hour and
argued with him and discussed the
hardship on current juniors, those
taking ﬁeld work next semester. and
just being informed of it now."

Concerned juniors began making
announcements in classes. putting
up posters. and passing petitions
around in class which stated.
according to Paul. that “we were
upset that we weren‘t informed of
this earlier. we felt it to be short
notice and unfair. We asked if we
could have a meeting between
students and Prof. Saile.“
Approximately 50 juniors signed the
petition. which was presented to
Prof. Saile on Feb. l3.

At that time. Greenberg

Travel shot.
Students contemplating summer
travel are invited to check with the
Student Health Service where
they will outline your needs and
schedule your shots. It takes 2-3

rumor and-

explained‘. Prof. Saile advised the
association to elect officers‘and
committee members, and: base. one.
student represent them on the Social
Welfare Council. who couldpresent
an. alternative proposal.‘

The following Tuesday. Feb. is,
in an interview between this reporter
and Dean O‘Reilly. Dean O’Reilly
explained that the undergraduate
program is seeking accreditation by

the Council of Social Work and

Education. The Council has just
begun accrediting programs.
whereas previously programs only
received or approved status. A team
from the Council visited the school
in mid-January and has made a
recommendation for accreditation.

“We had to review our field
instruction requirements because the
amount of time required, is greater
under accreditation than approved.“

Concerning the proposal passed
by the sub-committee of the
Curriculum Committee. calling fora
doubling of the present amount of
required time. Dean O‘Reilly stated
this is “one way of meeting the

 

:1;ChangesiA’: initial” Offered

,requirement..by upping the amount
"of fieldinstruction from one day to
two, there may be others.“ A '
"The format can be varied“. he
added. “As to what format makes
the most sense here on this campus. I
can't give you any definite indication
of what that might be." He
emphasized that “nothing has been
finalized within the school. The
undergraduate sub-committee has
discussed it. but no consensus has
been reached by the entire faculty or
by the Social Welfare Council." He
also expressed hope in the
undergraduate Social Welfare
Association as a vehicle for
communication of student‘s
suggestions.

After Dean O'Reilly clariﬁed this
issue. this reporter then questioned
Prof. Saile. asking him if he was
aware that any policy change made
this'year would not affect present
juniors. He replied: “Somewhat. l
haven question in mind about the
different interpretations." Headded.
however; “The Dean is top dog."

College students can earn six
main in‘art while livingin a l6th
century monastery in the italian hill
country in a month-long program
that combines art instruction with
ﬁrst-hand observation of Italian art
history and culture.

La Romita School of Art offers
this opportunity for 32 full days,
June 22 to July 25.

Besides their stay at La Romita.
located in Temi 70 miles from
Rome. students will also spend one
week in Florence and overnight in
Siena'. attend two events of Menot-
ti's Festival of Two Worlds. Spoleto;
and will toura number of hilltowns.

They will also receive instruction
in painting. drawing, Italian art
history and architecture.

La Romita, in the picturesque
Umbrian hills. was an active
Capuchin monastery until about
l8l5. It has been modernized but
retains its original character. with
cuckoo birds still singing in the olive
groves surrounding the buildings.

Mealsare served on an open porch
and the chapel doubles as studio and

library.

umbria has changed very liltl
since the Middle Ages. Great whit
oxen pull farm wagons and straw,
stacked in patterns thature centuries
old. Medieval towns cling to star
tingly steep slopes and monasteries
nestle in the valleys.

In Florence, known as tthiiyol
the Renaissance, students am 5:,
palaces and Villas of bankers who“
wealth made possible its tlt‘l,

Elmira College is offering six
transferable credits, graduate or
undergraduate—three in studio an
and three in art history. l'urtion costs
are $35per undergraduate crcdil.560
per graduate credit.

Students are welcome at the
school rcgardlcssofwhethcr thcvnre
earning college credits regardless of
whether they are earning college
credits.

Complete cost of (in: school is
'$l,.648. This sum ll'lCIlltlth round.
trip air fare from Ncu tort City to
Rome. all meals. lodging. ground
transportation. admission» .rnd in-
struction.

 

 

' Buy one. we'll g
busrness.

Switzerland. .

and comfortable.
And you'll disco
Second Class. You can

not for sale in Euro

Europe

All we'll say is th

Roam around
all summer

for $180.

A Student-Railpass gives you two months of unlimited Second Class rail
travel through 13 European countries.

ive you a map, and where you go next is your own

. i at European trains are a sensational way to
get there. be It Austria. Belgium. Denmark. France. Germany.
Holland, Italy. Luxembourg. Norway. Portugal. Spain, Sweden or

100,000 miles of track link cities. towns and historic. scenic
and sacral attractions. Our trains are fast. modern. convenient. clean

ver there's very little second class about
sleep in a couchette for only $6.00 a night. And

If you want to eat on a budget, inexpensive snacks are often available.
' ‘ You can even take a cruise on the Rhine. if you like. E'urailpass
is valid on many European ferries. river and lake steamers and hydro-
folls. It also offers you substantially reduced fares on many side
excursrons you might want to take by motor coach.
.And how's this for travel convenience? Many rail stations
offer bikes for rental. and it's possible to pick up a bike at
one station and drop it off at another.
All you need to qualify Is to be a full-time student
under 26. There's just one catch: You must buy your
Student-Rallpass here before you take off. They're

ﬁx

4‘.

1 ° carer; Budget .00“ 3

i '

(SASU) “The Govemor honored
our need for increases in fixed costs,"
State Univeristy Vice-Chancellor for
Business and Finance Harold
Spindlcr said 'for the Executive
Budget. which recommends that
SUNY receive $37 million of the $87
million budget incrcase it requested.
The SUNY budget as it is proposed
docs not' permit sizcablc growth.
raises the faculty-student ratio. and
could contain a hidden tuition or
room rent hike because it predicls
$l.5 million more in SUNY revenues
than does the University itself. The
University is checking this dis-
crepancy in figures with thc State
Division of the Budget.

Dun Kohanc, President of the
Student Association ofthc State Un-
iversity. (SASU). will testify before
the Legislature in favor of holding

the line on both tuition and room rent.

and the SASU chislatichfficc will
lobby actively for this position.
The budget could be lowered by
tltc State Legislature. which must
pass a budget for the State by April
I. (iovemor Carey balanced his Ex-
ecutive bttdgct by using rcvcnucs

' which would be raised by a gasoline

tax. but Republican Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson has vowed
to prevent implementation of this
tax. The Republicans also say the
Governor is hiding it Sl52 million
surplus in this present fiscal year‘s
bttdgct.

Officials in the SUNY Central Ad-
ministration do not feel that the Un-
iversity was treated unfairly in the
Executive Budget. given the State‘s
fiscal situation. Brit many officialsin
the University feel that continued
austerity will require that SUNY
make major program reviews and
cut out entire programs in order to
maintain mo re important programs.

The rcconttncdcd SUNY budget
pays fora $l2 million dollttrincrcuse
in utility costs. a 7% faculty and non-
tcttching professional pay hike. and
program improvements and
maintenance at the Health Science
Centers. University-wide faculty stu-
dent ratios will rise.tutd they willrisc
from It)» tol7.l at the University
colleges.

Faculty-student ratios at the
Medical Centers were maintained at
5.3. Mcdicalprogmms requircahigh
number ofclinical faculty in ordcrto
create effective learning envir-
noments. Also. hculth profcssion
schools have not been able to train a
sufﬁcient number of professionals
during the past few years.

Tuition waivers. which primarily
go to students from families with a

$2,000-S6.000unnual income. were
dccrcascd by $2 million, tmdaid to
the Disadvantaged was lowered by
$785 thousand. SUNY officials
point out that these cuts will be offset
by a $9 million increase in funding
for the Tuition Assistance Program
('I'AI’). But Regents Scholarships
will bc phased down by $5 million as
'I'Al’ is phased in. and 'I‘AP gives
tnorc money to middle class and
private school students than did the
Regents Scholarships. Temporary
student employment was not
seriously cut.

Research specifically related to
societal problems was slashed
although the Governor has called
this kind of research on important
function of the University.
Agricultural research was cut $500.—
(ltli). the Institute for Public Policy
Alternative (II’I’A) was cutout com-
pletely. and a $192,000 appropria-
tion for energy research at Albany
State was discontinued. Chancellor
Boyer said the IPI‘A would be taken
over by the State Univeristy
Research Foundation.

The emerging colleges at
Purchase. Old Wcstbury. and Utica-
Rome were given budgets large
enough to continue development.
but the experimental approaches
they were built on seem to have been
discarded. The emerging colleges
were to have low faculty-student
ratios even when fully developed.
hill the Executive budget states.
"The developing colleges . . . have
relatively low nttios because they are
still developing thier academic
programs. while their campus
enrollmcntsarcsmall.“

Community Colleges received full
funding for existing programs and
some extra funds. Comtnunity
Collcgcs which ad mit all high school
grads in the regions they serve

rm New York sat. Education Building

Chancellor Spindlcrdocs not bclich
that the University will have to fire
professors in order to abolish the
positions. The University willsimply
not fill positions now vacant due to.
attrition.

No one is yctsurehow the hiring
freeze imposed by the Governor will
affect personnel recruiting. The Un-
iversity cannot now fill positions
vacated by attrition. but it will
presumably be able to add on new
positions approved in the budget.
Spindlcr hopes that the Bureau of
the Budget will give tthniversitya
lutnp stun to pay out in salaries and

not stipulate what positions must be
filled or left vacant.

Enrollment is budgeted .to in-
crease 4.300 over what was budgeted
for last year. but it will actually in—
crease just l.200 because SUNY
ovcrshot its enrollment last year.
Therefore. the campus situation will
not get signiﬁcantly worse. but many
campuses had hoped to improve
often crowded classroom situations.

Spindlcr predicted that the Un-
ivcrsity would have to start
budgeting by cost of program and
not by enrolltncnt figures because
there a re certain “minimum program

costs which have to be met." “If pre-

sent cost and economic problems

continue.“ he said. “a budget of this
kind is a sign that we really have to
review all programs. not just the new
ones." Programs which cannot be
funded sufﬁciently to maintain suf-
licient quality would have to be cut
out completely.

Spindler also admitted that the
University would have to begin to
consider ways of fully utilizing its
dormitory space. Dorms are filled to
over capacity because some H.000
students are in triples. but on some
campuses there are empty beds.

Enrolled Nursing Students
to Complete State Programs

Hospitals) attempt to coordinate their curricula with

by David Lemcr
Students in the state‘s mental

hygiene nursing

SUNY Stony Brook in an effort to save the program

 

 

programs throughout New York received some good
news on Wednesday when the Asscmbly Higher
Education Committee unanimously issued a favorable
report on a bill which would guarantee that all students
enrolled in. or accepted to the program for September
would be allowed to complete their education.

Assemblyman Paul Harcnhcrg. a Suffolk County
Democrat. who along with seven bi-partisan co-
sponsors introduced the bill. indicated that he received a
verbal commitment from Governor Carey to support
the legislation. Prior to this statement of support. the
Governor had said that he should not accept any
legislation such as Harcnberg's which would allow
incoming frcshman to begin the program in the fall.

Carey‘s original Executive Budget had called for the
elimination of the nursing schools. a proposal which
clicitcd angry replies from members of the Legislature.
and an eventual withdruwl. in principle. from that
position.

l‘hc bill is expected to reach the Assembly floor next
Wednesday. while a companion Senate bill introduced
by Caesar frun/o (R-Bt'entwood) should be reaching

receive up to 40%of their fundingfrom committee.

the State. and those which do not
receive 33% from the State.

A total oi'449 personnel lines will
be added to the University. but 223

l-larcnbcrg said. “The state has a moral obligation to
back up these students...thcy should not have to suffer
because of the state bureaucracy.“ He said that his long
range goal was to have the three nursing programs in
Suffolk (at Kings Point. Central Islip. and Pilgrim State

which is‘schcdulcd for elimination once all the students
graduate within three years.

Hurenhcrg pointed out that it should cost the state far
tnorc titan tltc cstinuttcd 9.000.000 it costs now to
maintain the program. simply to replace the student
nurses with professionals to provide the same level of
patient care. “The students.“ he said “are getting
practical nursing care that simply could never be
rcplnccd...by classroom textbook teaching in a
university.“

The Chairman of the contmittcc. Democrat Irwin
Landes of (ircat Neck. said. “We must give these
students thc assurance for the tenure oftheir education."

Nursing students from Central lslip were on hand at
the committee meeting to exercise what little lobbying
efforts they could muster at ten in the morning. With the
prior support of Hurcnhcrg. they had little to do but lean
against the walls and watch while the committcedccided
their fate. “It‘s imperative that we report this bill."
Democrat Alan Ilcvcsi said. “because it‘stoo late by now
for students to apply for another program—the
application dates cndcd i'orthc most part on January I.“

The committee. which is responsible for supplying the
(iovcrnor with Regents recommendations began
discussing the topic ttpon the conclusion of the agenda.
when Landcs interjectcd. “Uh. I think we ought to go
into Executive Session...l want everyone to be able to
talk candidly." In Executive Session. visitors are not
permitted.

 

positions will be €bolished. Vice-
‘  '- ~

OUNG SHOES Beat Brackp0rt
Three months. $330.

I/  - i ‘
- .-, ‘
Don't wan. It could be me 5‘ {$125. I w summons to otuttsrtoxs or Ieor sum   

_ ,9. as.
tcrllir:D ctr;1 gar ulgghsaegi nglrn‘fsrgxglygglent or .¢‘ﬁ§wuumg Post-Basketball Game Dance & Party in .3:
a. , CC Ballroom with Band and DiscoMusic '1;
v 

all the facts. } ‘
Prices subject to change. ‘
. ‘ ~ Right after the Basketball Game
~ until 2 am. ‘
Eurailpass. Box 90

All-hf“:
81.” ﬂ is
gear. 1'92-2056.
0 cm a. Na Y
“7‘6 w ork

months to properly complete some

'series so please report as soon as

you know you are going.

Hours: 8:30 - ll:00em
Monday - Friday

 ., ...................................................... . '

«I v ‘ t‘l' '
e. ‘ x ‘ “A. ‘
if you have Fess time to travel. '- Bkiglmyﬁ‘:
or want to travel First Class. consider ‘  "1’59-
Eurailpass. A two-week pass costs A 'r 
$130. Three-week pass costs $160. ' ‘
One month, $200. Two months. $270.

 

M c w-&Mth—h .‘L- .t—Q m"

 

 

' HERE'S FRYE'S FAMOUS AUTHENTIC BRIGADE BOOT
the authentic boot worn by hord~riding officers of Ciyll
Wor days. Designed when boots were meant to fake

 

. A :14???”
emu—WH-r-v “fan's-1

years of wear, these are still made of natural cowhide by
the very same company that made them 100 years ago.
Water repellent with reinforced kid seams. Solid brass
and leather tpur~bridal. calfskin lining and hidden pull-
on tabs.

 

“INN

Phaetﬂsgteseernmdpner.
Adv-Mm! Meta at be plated t. In “at
Whine“

Cash Bar serving: Beer 530

Wine .30

Liquor .75 & Munchies
M a ans-cun- was In rut-a mun-a... ts.
serum on '
-: memecrwaemu

We Have In Stockthe
LARGEST COLLECTION OF FIVE

BOOTS AVAILABLE FOR MEN AND
WOMEN IN THE COUNTRY...

We offer our boots In a variety of ‘59 CENTRAL AVENUE
sizes and handsfalned feathers not 43""0‘5
to be found anywhere!

Please send me your tree
Cl Student-Rallpass folder
El Eurallpass folder

(Student Assoc. of the State Univ.)
-etrength In nunbera. 8.A.8.U. lob- . .t . t "
lqu tor oth Issues for all in. m” m m
students in S.U.N.V. We are all a
mother of 81.8.0.

) funded by sludenl lllwrl'dffmr I

Street

Cltv tata D
STUDENT-RAILPASS The price of one tripooirlu pay would Europe.l

 

 

 

 

 

B to EE width Sizes 6 in IA

v vv' 'v'

 

 

 

WE ARE OPEN EVERY EVENING IILL 9 PM

 

 

:3iUSE YOUR BANKAMERICARD OR MASTERCHARGE ..'.; ...... ..

 

PAGE SIX ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 21. 1975

 

_........_......... . _
WM,” ..-m.........w..w.- - - Wm... M" a... n 

 

