    

    
   
 
  
  
     

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

_ «mere:

 

    
    
 

 

 “a .mo'NtF'X‘WWmK-M ..-

busy. .

' ~‘<-4"~«-:~«1-.=.~m~:.m:

A a, m... ’0

~,,.\._ A... _. ._w-. ,1...‘ .‘

“"9‘W

 

.W/ W .

 

 

 4-

 

.li  
em   ea lanai

viewers-thumun
rust-sesawmnusemuy

j Tb‘Ssnle h-sehsdﬂed to sue
Frihyonensmiontoh‘nﬁm
ontheNewYorthymeaure.
Hue ti rd dome vote. the
Sedevotedtotebieandthmklll.
an'amenh-uatothsNeVYorth'y

 

tam Deanfor Studeu Life Sue

MuVicePrm. -
Theﬁglaforstndeﬂcontrdd

FSAdatesbacktoOctoberwlzn

studems pushed through several

bylaw amendmenta'eetablishing a
.etudem majority on both the FSA
Board d Direaors and the FSA
Membership board

FSA is a non—proﬁt corporation
wla'ch operates university services
such as cafeterias. ‘vending
machines. check cashing. the
Rmhakeller. the bowling alley. and
the Patroon Room. Student
btlinas provides FSA with abotn

Npmcem d‘ is income.

“Now that students have control
of the FSA.‘ said Iin'n, "thin' are
ﬁtting done that are advancgous
tonudems ...I don'tlooketitasan
intrusein powenit‘s jvingstudents
what's due to them.“

Perl llofrlte seller will exartlne
the viability of a student-run FSA
and some ofrhe Implication ofrhtv
student power increase.

I. MIMI A DAVI

 

some...
manta

is beck/Sad or public-latch on

. 12. Ilse asr‘s
mans yrnqaslnswlllcarylhrrlns
an al! on of

and

litany gems.

Got a litany gun hanging «round?
has! It In! Qidtkl Typhewriie thedm. to

up w iyperetien "PPM on
submit them to:

 

. do ASP
C029 (Campi- Center)

 

 

le Washington Avenue. Albany ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

scout? score BﬂilJEDﬂfﬂ

3; Friday, Saturday, and Sunday
' December 5-7

In llt'll st‘rt-t'n splt'ntltlr

'l'ln- ninsl ntng‘nilit‘t‘nl
[llt‘llll‘t‘ t‘tt'l'.’

"GONE WITH
THE WIND"

'4

LE
VIVIEN LEIGH
Lc—s and 2

 
 
  
  

7:30 and 9:00

on Friday and
Soy

 
  
 
 
  

   

  
  

  
 

no to Appear before UN Secretly Council
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., (AP) The Palestine liberation Organization
. my i. “m to .m before the United Nations Security Council a
mm“ my Muse of the big Israeli air raids on Palestinian camps in
uh,“ m. week. The council scleduled a meeting today to take up a
I" " cm onwn agaiilt Israel because of the attacks Tuesday
in wla'eh the lebanese police said about No persons were killed and more
mm 150 “am The PLO was scheduled tojoin in council debate on the
Arabia-sell conflict for the tint time on Jan. l2. But Egypt. in seconding
“mod. ml” {or debate on the Israeli raid, proposed that the guerrilla
command participate now.

Petting Dlvulges Death of U.S. Serviceman

FIXING (AP) China. in an apparent good will gesture aimed at ﬁlling an
information gap. gave President Ford word Thursday that seven U.S.
servicemen listed as aliasing in action during or before the Vietnam war were
dead. The news. which will end a long wait for seven American families, came
as Ford‘s four-day China summit talks wound up and he prepared to lens
for Indonesia. Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger said that Vice Premier
Teng Hsiao-ping had informed Ford that the Chinese have the bodies of two
of the Americans and were able to supply information about what happened
to the live others.

Indonesian Rebels Seize Consulate

AMSTERDAM, The Netherlanth (AP) Indonesian rebels opened a second
from in Holland today. seizing the Indonesian consulate and at least 50
hostage in Amsterdam, ofﬁcials said. Other Indonesian gunmen holding a
hijacked train in northern Holland since Tuesday shot another hostage. The
rebels, who seek independence for their native South Molucca islands from
Indonesia, raised the red. white and green flag of their “Republic of the
Moluccas” over the consulate. About 40,000 South Moluccans. descendants
of East Indian and African slaves brought to the islands to work on Dutch
plantations, fled to Holland after Indonesia received independence in 1949.

Arab Students Refuse to Guard Campus
JEHUSALEM (AP) The 600 Israeli Arabs studying at the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem have balked at an order to help guard the campus
against Arab terrorist attacks; Their refusal to watch over dormitories is
symptomatic of adilemma amongthe 500.000 Arabs of Israel — Palestinians
who chose to be pan of the Jewish state that came into being in 1948, rut her
than become refugees. The university controversy. which has sparked
demonstrations and sporadic violence, puts into focus the problem of dual
loyalty faced by Israel‘s Palestinians.

Senate Accuses FBI of Being a Spy Agency
WASHINGTON (AP) The FBI was used as a domestic spy agency to delve
into the private lives of American citizens. and its agents supplied
Information fromthose operations to ﬁve presidents ortheir aides, according
to congressional testimony. Evidence presented to the Senate intelligence
committee on Wednesday showed that the FBI was used by the nation's top
polttrctans tospy on newsmen, government ofﬁcials and civil rights leaders as
far back as the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Testimony indicated
thatthe late FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover and his aides never rcfuscd any
president's request for political information.

Senate Discloses U.S. Undercover Efforts
WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate Intelligence Committee said ‘l‘hursdny
the Umtcd States spent millions ofdollars in a ten-year undercover effort to
influence the course of domestic politics in Chile. A 62-page study described
U‘S' "temp." ‘0 maniplllale the Chilean. press, inﬂuence elections and
tonne,” a ""“WY mull However, the rcpon said the committee could find
no evtdcnce of direct American involvement in the military coup which
'OPPCd Marxist President Savatore Allende in I973.

Bombs Exploded at Government Offices

MIAMI (AP) Bombs exploded here Thurdsay at two government offices.
including the Police Department, as security was tightened after four
explosions’chnesday in other government ofﬁces. Bombs exploded at lour
federal buildings and a bank Wednesday night. Blasts set off Thurdsny
afternoon damaged a police locker room and county justice building men's
room neara state prosecutor's ofﬁce.

Legislature Proposes Bill to Help NYC

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) Legislative leaders were hammering out the final
details Thursday of a proposal clearing the way for inveslmnt of vast sums of
New York City employee pension money to help the city avoid default. 1 he
bill. needed to help the city meet a Sl00.3 million payroll on Friday. WUuld
protect trustees of the city's employee pension funds from lawsuits over the

 

7:30 only!!!

investments. Floor action on the so-called “pension indemniﬁcation" bill was
expectcd'sometlme during the night. The last-minute haggling ccnlercd 0"
the question of how broad the measure would be.

Newspapers Threatened by Strike

NEW YORK (AP) Publishers of The New York Times and the Dally N‘W‘
have warned that continued publication of the two morning nerPlPcrs is
threatened by slowdowns and other job actions by the pressmen's union. 1"
msmorsnda to their staff. publishers Arthur 0. Sulzberecr of the Times and
WJI. lenses of the News saidthe slowdowns. apparently triggered by current
contract talks. had caused serious financial losses.

LC-ls

on Sunday

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT paras

 

DECEMBER 5. 1975

 

omimm.‘ ’- "  L, I   
' In just one week last month. eight

SUNYA students were brought ',

before Colonic Town Court Judge

Phillip Caponera for shoplifting -

The students said they thought it was

a lark. Caponera
News claims they‘ll hear no

birds come senten-
Feature, cing

Shoplifting, under
the heading of petit larceny. is a mis-
demeanor and punishable by up to

 

 

offenders usually receive pro ion
butwarns of a hardline attitude to"
come on shoplifting, He said. _“0ne
of these days I'm going to ﬁve them

 

' jail sentences. For their own benefit

and welfare, one is going to have to
go.”

According to Caponera, betWeen
50 to too SUNYA students are
arrested for shoplifting during the
school year. Like all eight arrested in
one week this past November. about

Students Protest Bus, Service Cuts

continued front page one

feel that Hartley is putting forth his
greatest effort. “I‘m sure hc[Hartley]
has a certain amount of influence at
SUNY Central. He can't go down
there and ask for u favor every week.
Now is the time."

There have been many major corn-
pluinls about the bus service this
year. Students claim that buses are
not running on schedule or, more
often, are nearly or totallyfull bythc
time they reach the downtown
dorms. Students often have to wait
for long periods of time before they
can get on a bus. Many times they
either have to leave very early for
their classes, or else be late.

Hartley attributes some ofthis to
the addition of runs to the
Wellington Hotel. He pointed out
that no new buses or drivers were
added to the scheduleto accomodate
the increased load. and that drivers
have been working overtime since
September to meet the existing
schedule. Kopf added that students
who board buses at Washington
Avenue to go uptown should also be
blamed for overcrowded conditions.

At the rally it was suggested that
some buses should begin and end
their runs at Alumni Quad rather
than at Draper Hall. Kopf saidthat
this is done on an informal basis with
the installation of radio systems in
the buses. "If a driver calls in that
there‘s a big crowd we try to ac-
comodate." Kopf emphasized the
need for alteration of the schedule
and for a correlation between the
numbers of runs and the time of day
in the schedule. He suggested cutting
runs in the early evening and night.
and adding them to the peak hours
of the morning when students have
to get to classes.

Neither Hartley or Kopf had any
idea of what the Division of Budget
would decide and could give nosuch
guarantee. Both felt that they were
doing everything they could to see
that the application was accepted,
and that the responsibility now
rested with the state. Hartley said
that if the exemptions Were not ap-
proved “wc will simply have to do
the best we can. I cannot keep up
with thc schedule if I do not havethc
men to drive the buses."

Intelligence Files Fattened

continua/from page mu:

“On a particular case of fire bom-
bings here,“ I-Icnnignn related. “we
worked very actively with the State
Police on the backgrounds of in-
dividuals m where lrclivcd, where he
wont to school, where we can go to
look for him. Ilut if you asked me if
we had a dossier on this stuff, I‘d
llilVC to say no.“

Sources Not Named

Hennigan refused to name any of
his former sources. He emphasized
than such procedures lire not
employed at lhc present time.

llrown snys than except for names,
majors. addresses. and course
schedules. no personal information.
to his knowledge, was ever released
concerning students.

Ruth llOIlilpilCL', the reporter who
covered the Stony Brook story for

 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

high heel.

ll‘l S'TOCll

$51.95

rfrye lootmnksls slne'e "63....

 

DECEMBER 5, 1975

goons SHOES-

MERCHANTB TO GENERATIONS

Bench-crafted and handlinishod by
skilled artisans lor over I00 years.

.YOUNG SHOES, adds still another to the largest collection
of FIVE BOOTS in the countryl Our Drlltwood Boot, it i
brass pegged and filled by hand. The platform sole is 0
solid oak-band leather to match the new stocked 2% Inch

OPEN EVERY EVENING "ll. 9 PM
v‘USE YOUR BANK'AMERICARD OR MASTERCHARGE Wﬂi‘ﬂfﬁiﬁi"

thnt college‘s student paper. says
however. she doubts that in-dcpth
administrative reports to police were
confined to Stony Brook.

“It would seem logical to me that
similar practices were conducted at
all the state universities," said
lionapncc. “This investigator
Tcngstroni was seen on campuses as
for north as New Pultz. If his area
didn't extend [0 Albany, then I'm
sure someone clsc's did."

[Jules dcnics Ill'dl anyone worked
stcndily with SUNYA campus of-
ficials. hilt admits that plnin-
clot hcsmcn were on campus an the
film). He rcfuscd to give their names.
“'I ltcsc men are not involved in such
activities nny longer. Many have
moved on from here or retired. We
must respect these sources‘ right to
privacy.“

FOR M6” ‘3 WOM€N

Available In Hand Stained Brown, Natural oiled, An-
tiqued wollnul, and Burnt chestnut. '

iss CENTRAL AVENUEI436-1018

  
 
    
  

Q. President Fields res

    

ting problem is that students aren’t
aware of the seriousness 'ofth‘e crime.
‘ He said. “Some of these students are
coming into Colonic Center and
they're taking items, stealing them.
What starts out as a lark becomes
very serious."
Caponera believes that students
think they will get off easier because
they are Students. He admits student

shopliftcrs have gotten a break in the _

past but warns the future won‘t be as
kind, with jail as a good possibility
for second offenders.
Criminal Record

Students arrested for shoplifting
wind up with a criminal record if
they are age l9 or over. It becomes
harder than ever to gain admission
to professional schools iflhc student
has been arrested. These consc-
quenccs are small compared with the
increasing risk ofjail for shopliftcrs.

Cuponera suid bail for shoplifters
can range from $|00to Sl000. He
also said he might start setting high
bail for the crime and if ball is not
posted the people will be locked up.
The judge believes that the high bail
will act as an added deterrent
towards shoplifting. He said. “You'll
be surprised what one night in jail
will do to these kids."

 
  
  
     
 
 
  
   

  
     
     
      
    
     
   
      
     
    
   
    
 
  

ll

   
  
  
  
   

  
 

 

stinky

A guard at Colonic Center, where Judge Caponera says student
shoplifting continues to plague stores like Sears and Macy's.

The new get tough policy is aimed
at “everybody, not just SUNYA
students.” said Caponera. He feels
that students should realize the con-

sequences shopliftcrs are faced with.
and should think twice. Thejudgc

.said. “In essence. I‘m trying to help

the students."

Puerto Rican Studies Major Saved

by Diana Castillo 1

Puerto Rican Studies will con—
tinue to be a major at SUNYA.
President Fields lust week conceded
the fourth line necessary to keep the
department as a major. Aline is the
appointment ofa professor, and four
are needed for ‘rl full department.
However. whether the department
continucsto huvcu major program
still remains in the hands ofihc State
government, because it many require
that SUNY make budget cuts.

Last year. the Select Committee
recommendcd that the then present
resources allocated to Puerto Rican
studies as a separate discipline be
reduced, and that the majorin Puer-
to Rican Studies be converted to a
second ﬁeld. President Bcnezet's
response was to conditionally con-
linuc the Puerto Rican Studies
program for the offering of a major
in 1975-76. Since they were goingto
be getting a visiting professor, a
renowned writer. who will serve as

 

0W0"

cued the Puerto Rican Studies malor last week by

adding a full time professor.

Anyone interested in going to Sugarbush, Ver-
mont from Jan. If) to Jan.16, please come to

Ski Club Meeting

Tuesday,December 9
at 7:30 PM in LG 7 a

a temporary fourthfaculty member.
Now President Fields is givingthe
Peurto Rican Studies Department
{our full time professors. where
before it only had three, and one
borrowed professor for a year.

In a struggle for the permanent
department status. on September 8.
I975, Professor Acosta-Helen.
chairperson of the department sent a
memorandum to Dean Kendall
debating the Select Committee's
arguments for thediscontinuation of
a major in Puerto Rican Studies.

On October I4, I975, the Student
Representatives on the Puerto Rican
Studies Student Advisory Com-
mittee of Fuerza Latina. sent a letter
to President Fields. In it thcy stated
that the Select Committee's evalua-
tion of the Puerto Ricun Studies
Department was erroneous. rind
therefore. unacceptable to them.
They also cxplnincd that the Latin
students on this campus need a
department which considers their
academic, cultural, and social needs.

Courses in the department dczil in-
tensively with many aspects of the
Puerto Ricans —- cultural. political,
sociul, rind economic processes,
language. literature. art. music, and
education. The faculty for I975-76
are Edna Acosta-Helen, Elia E.
Christiansen, Jose Enrique Irizarry,
and Juan Angel Silen.

TODAY IS THE
LAST DAY TO DROPI

  
 

meeting. The trip will cost approximately

$l00.00 for everything.
i i t t
ﬁr* ﬁﬁaaaaﬁ
'1' ﬁﬁﬁ'ﬂ' *
"waits "

 

 

 

PAGE THREE

