 

i

 

Rum ll, McNu-rr. ‘27
tilts '

2

- . I .
State College N ews
isrwtuasncti or rut-t CLASS or 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York

(.ollenc for Teacher

THE NEWS BOARD ‘

Etiwm VAN KLEECK. . . . . . . . . . ........ . . . .Edt‘lor-in-Chlel

Kappa Delta [tho llouse. Wcst

HELEN Ztttttttattan.....................

858 Madison Avenue, West ill ' I

Vote.th I’lttthNs...................... [rationing Editor

r 0 Washington Avenue, West 2 tut-J

Sines BARitt.I-‘.Y................/ls.mtftll0 Nattoging Editor
5 So. Lake Avenue. West 695- ‘

TllElMA 'l‘ttttrt.tt..  ....S‘ttbscrl/ittau Manager

l’si (lamina llouae. West 2752

~..

w
*~‘
5.:

raters Manager

 

Santos Assocta‘ra lint’roas

KATHARINE “LENIS, '2 ions li‘sv. ‘27

'l‘unt..\ta L. llamas. '27 Louise. ll. Genet. '27
UNttttt Assocmrr. Horrors

Anemone Ilut.t.t5'rtttt, '28

Many Jontru Lanamu. ’28

.KM 'AN SCIlIthK. '28
lloutrrltv Warrs, '23
lttst-otrrtnzs
Roar. llnansm, '29
Kinn-

MAMA!“ Tame” ,27 Mount: KAUHIAN, '29
“MT.” 2””. i2‘7 .\lar Karma. ‘2')
KATHLEEN Douatrrv, '28 in turner. loss. '29
RUTH liLANAnAN, '28
Mttauuzn Gluten. '28
Ru'rn G. Moon. '28
(iEuTnUlm ttnasww, '29

 

 

|.t ,Atn-zru Power, 9
,‘saotautt SCIILEXCII. '29

 

KY", '29

hilANAGl’JlS

ltoao'ruv HANDLON. ’27
Assn Murmur». '28

’28 .\llldlltlvil) LANSLHY. '29
KATlltilthli Saxros. ‘

tr I stunt Soliseriptiou Manager

rector of Headline and (‘opy-llrading (“asses
lilrector of News Writing Class

M. half : cs Ciior

l'resideut. i\‘ rs (.‘luh. lltl’t‘ll .\loot: Vice
nan K't'arrotttr.‘t:tt. Sci: tary-'l'reasttrcr

\'r.ttA lunar. \\"r.
Asstsrim'r ltustsi s
.

   

 

likth l.. thunk.
'l'lttJllAtl ' l-‘staam. ’2‘)
l-‘aanet:

     
  
   

lt
Wu.t.t.\.\t

     
 

   

Tamara in llltl
President: 1

   

 

l’ul-lishcd ever tiday in tlt
representing tln Mtulcttt n. for
year. single copies. ten erms. ll- ' l :tttywl te itt the Unltctl
Slates. lirtlered as- second Class matter at pnstolhce. Allnmy. N. Y.

    

'0 year by the Editorial lluard
Sulmcrii in )

     

      

'l‘lte News does ttot tLL rit endorse sentiments cxircssed in
contributions. .\'o t'ultillttllli lions w I he pt‘ilttctl unless ttc wrilcra'
names are left with tlte lCditor-in-Chief oi the News. Anonymity
nill he [It't'ttl'rrt'tl if so desiret.

Sittioxo l‘atztr. its ".\.\ .lt
Ntawst-ar.

 
 

'l't~:.\t:ttr.us COLLEGE
A.. 1927.

 

 

l'lth‘i'titt or .\itt.t.s (\wr l'tntss, 304406 llroadway

/\t.to\.\‘t’. N. Y.. March 25, lll27 Vol. Xi, N0. 26
WHEN THE TEAM LOSES

'l‘he t'lt't‘llHll of Anthony l". lx'ur/yuski. '28. as captain of
varsity haskethall for next season will hr l‘t't‘t'l\t‘ll by State‘s
tuttlrritrtuluate hotly with a unanimity of approval equal to
that witlt wltirh it was made by the train. lx‘uezyttski has
hccn an excellent player sitter his first appearance in ('ol-
lege, lie is well~lihcd hy his team-mates and has the basket-
ball skill necessary for leadership.

lit the speeches at tho men's virtory tlllltlt'l' last Saturd' \'
night one point was tl\'t't'ltud\t'll. That is that there is cret'y
prospect that thr t'ollruc‘s rrrnrd ill the court tltis year
will he repeated in ION-28. Not a turtuhrr of the prus‘cut
rarsity will he uraduntrd; the present coach will he here;
new material <l|lltllfl arritc with tho new freshman class:
and the presrnt scrotal-string; turn will hair the ltruvlit of
a year's tlt‘\'elotttttt'lll.

lirtrythiue, in short. will point to an rxrrllent sras'ou.
Sl'utdd unforrs'rt-u difficulties :u‘isr, howevct‘, and drieats
crime witlt thu- lttsst‘s. th or who are truly supporters of the
it is an easy thing to art
it is another

team will continue their support.
behind a team that is wiuoiuw; consistrtnly.
matter to support it train whrn it is losing. State's varsity
has won mori- than our name this sras'on by lightingr on
after defeat seemed near. The t‘oll- will continue '
support ue\t season. even if tultatt.'t- expectations are dis-
appointed.

u.

   

INTERCOLLEGIATE DEBATlNG

intercollegiate oehatitie is a form of tuulcrgrathtate
activity which will win wide support from tlw College, lt
offers an opportunity for those who excel in forensics to use
their ability for their own profit and for that of the ('ollege.
it will prove an inter stint; addition to (‘olleee life, x\ large
mttnber of tryouts is e \pected for the competition for places
on tile varsity dehatiue team this afternoon it is to he
hoped that many will feel able to try out for debating. The
College wishes to make a creditahlr apprat‘ance in its first
Ilehate \\‘llll another college. it will he a worthwhile
:tchicrt-mcnt to he a member of State's first varsity debating
team.

 

BRUBACHER BOOK FACES QUESTION
SQUARELY, SUPERINTENDENT AVERSI

 

 

it. Rt'nhaeher‘s new
book. “'l‘cut-hlnn‘: I otter." appeared in
the March issui- of “. ‘ York state llliluention.” t was
written by .\. .l. Stoddard. .s-oportnteodent of schools in
Hljllttllltt‘lllt". It. follows. in part.|

We remember that when llatnlet was asked. "What do
you read. tny lord ?" he atts‘wercd. "\\'or(ls words, words."
We might stiltstitntt- for tltis famous question: “What do
you read. my teacher?" attd let the answer he, “Hooks.
hooks. hooks.”

So tnatty books are being written these days that seem
to he scarce) worth tlte time and rust of printing tltetn.

llut here is soon-thine; really nrw, lli this day of books.
when so many are tttcdioere and ohrions. it is es mi ll
refreshing to read such a hook as “'l'eachine: l’rotcsston
and l' ' ' " " h_r Dr. A. It'. lt'ttltaeltcr.

The book is different not only in tltat it it"ct s' some
old problems in a new way. hut also actually dis tsses some
new problems in a new way. .\lany authors state the proh-
lems tltat confront our profession. discuss hoth sides in the
usual way 'tttd leave the reader as uncertain as before con-

ccruine tlte solution. ltr. llru ' -ht-r does not hesitate to
give his opinion on many of the vital questions confronting

[’l'hr: t'ollowtnrr

 

ot' t'reslilettl. .\.
on and '

 

 

 

 

   

:1
E
E

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS, MARCH

those on {tired itt teaching. ’l‘ltesu opinions are .5ltllu'tl
thoutthtiu ly. carefully. and eotwit ‘uzlr. Added \Vt.‘ti.llli ts
given to the opinions tltat are expre. 1 because It is tlnultl~
ful whether any other mtm itt our profession has had a
richer school experience thatt has ltr. lirtthacher.

Here is tt hook that tnaltcs a 'eal contrilutllon to tile
literature of our profession. And it is a profession. as is
prov I in the opening chapters of tile hook. Society sonic-
tinu refuses to diuuiiy our work as a profession lntt lir.
lirubaelter defines the "profession" as having these char-
acteristics:

"(1) it satisfies an indispensable social noe : (2) it t'e' s
on a clearly deﬁned bud ' of specialized knowledge: and (.i)
on a body of special skills. partly native. partly acquired:
(-li it implies a monopoly of the knowledge and skills res
(ptired by those who perform the particular service; and
(5) it is a group which reconniz s‘ ' s obligations to society.
obligations which grow ottt of their special qualiﬁcations
attd the protected conditions of the monopoly,”

’l'he hook does not ignore the fact that our prof of
has many. many problems confronting it. The immaturity
of our teachers. the low standards of preparation that are
accepted itt many of ottr states. the inadequate salaries paid
to both those who teach and those who superri.c our pupils.
are discussed in a fearless manner. \‘ery few authors are
willing to discuss frankly the fact that there is too
proportion of women teachers. liut we must our
llr. llrubaelter that "the solution is not to he sought to re-
tlttt‘itltr. the number of women tcaehcrs. but itt t "
ditions lavut‘ahlt' to attrart lllt'tl into the. prof
must make it economically possible for a man to teach. and
maintain a itillllly at the some tinw"

 
  

e

 

 

 

 

     

 

  

 

  

 

 

“ABIE'S lRlSl—l R OSE POLITlClANS"
MUST NOTJUDGE STAGE ' - — MRS. HALE

 

 

 

ltv l-'.I.tz.\nt-'.ru l'ttr,
l.otllsc t‘loss r llale paused in tin-
her itupetlitttcnta of much art-ast- n crayons and cos-
tumes 'lllt't' llt‘t‘ lecture at t'luntecllot"s hall to speak in hroatl
terms of tire presrut Condition of the theater and lls future.
lll spite of ‘t tryino afternoon of travel and a strenuous
evening. Mrs. llalc‘s trt-tnrtulous t'llt'l‘R)‘ llarcd into action
when touched on the matter of st 'e rousorship.

“ hare some very violent .tws on the subject."~-her
hands were husy sot‘tittu out the makeup pt'ttt'ils v“l feel
that it is a thing that should not be in lllt' hands oi itettltlt.‘
who tlo ttot under and or who it‘ not wholly in sympathy
with the theater. The llllt'l‘\ l('\\t'l' ashrd whether the moral
asle of the theater and playeoiuo public were degenerating.

“is It statu- any \\'l||"it' titan it ever has been?" was the
question.

"Indeed ttot. ’l'lte plays of lllt' day of vapors and swootu
ions were just as sal‘ otts as tn:th of ours, They repro-
duccd the light flirtatious. the small gossip and scandals of
their time. .\'ow all sorts of subjects are treated itt play s.

"lllt'l't' is this one thing to he taki-n into consideration to
decide \\'llt‘ll|t play should lu' [tl'tnlltt't'tl or not." the actress
spoke with tle ,ou. "These days How is Il'l subp-rt in
the world which cannot llt' discussed in a small room h_r a
small group of intimate ticuplt', Itot in choosing a subject
or a p ay. one has to cottsidrr \\‘llt'lltt‘t' it can he presented
auditorium hofore a crowd of people. many of
whom are entirely out of sympathy with the purpose of the
play.

“'l‘lw, test is this. Would you want t. no to such .t play
with two persons. on our hand a lewd. coarse man. who
would delight in its hast-twss and on the other hand a young:
girl. curious and eager for the w l'HHl‘. kind of kuowlt'tluo”

'l‘he ittteryiewrr protests. "May not the subject of a play
he treated with srrioustwss and sitwrrity and still tlw sort
' rsou you have mentioned will see only the basrr as—

   
    

' gathering up

 

 

 

   

 

   

   

 

 

 

 

Mrs, llale erartvly Merci-d. "Yes. indeed that is it‘llt‘.
llttt many of the so-ealh-d serious plats art- not ei-nniuo
There is the trouble. \\'r are so oiti-u carried away in the
grip of our emotions. that we lose a sensi- of relationships.
'1 hat is not realism."

.\lt‘ﬁ. little hcliet'es that the stage situation is critical and
lltat we must come to some sort of censorship. although she
vigorously opposes any sort of state lreislatiott.

“'l‘here is nolhitn.r tnorr lattehahlr than tltr idea of a law
made up here at .\lhany to t‘ntllt'ol tluv some." The round
powder ho.\. that .\lt's. little was trying to fit into a spacr
a hit too small for it. t"t‘l\t'tl It tlzuun-roto twist. She ap<
proves the plan of a proIt-ssional hurt-an of three dramatists
oi authority and prestiet- to l't‘\lt'\\ plays pri-xious to their
production l he can not hear the thought of letting "men
up here. [Milli us who spend their lites Quint: to sue ..'\l)lt s
lt‘isll RUM" illltl its t’llttn’lllt‘lll" dictate thct l" ' of t tc. '

“flit. why don't people go to the theater The clict t
exhaustion were C-‘illllllu into her \oiee. "That is what is
tlthttllt‘ﬂgllitz me. \\‘h,\ will they no out five nights a week
to the movies and not save up to no one night to sec a play '

Here the greatest chat tctrr actress in the world rotted
the general prophesy of many of her profession that in ten
or twelve years the speaking; drama will hare disappeared
throughout the country, (July in the hirer cities will there
be any theater. The reporter siteecstrtl. that even now one
has to go to New York to sec the lit-st plays.

"The people have brought it on themselves." was the
answer. “if they would go to their Little ’l'hvaters; if only
it was an interest. we would come to thrill.” '

The old road Companies have nearly gone out of ex .
with the horse and honey, 1 is alarming to mcmht
the stage profession to see lllt‘ .spikcr drama declining.
.\l l'lalc herself is trying: lecturing to see whether she can
mate a success of it in cast- the stage should l)t't'tt|llt‘ un~
prolitahle.

 

     
  
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TEN YEARS AGOSAT, STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for April}, l9l7

 

 

"M the general meeting of all students gathered in stu-
dcttt assentth last l-‘rtday moraine. the first sllldt‘ttl council
ltt the history of State (‘ollrue was called into brine."

"The ll. l5. department is going to do some work co-
operating with the l\'t‘tl t'rms. 'l‘hrt 'tre killlltt to Work
llox No. it. consisting of pajamas i-lii). hath robes tl-l).
hospital bed shirts (2-H and sorks (till pairs)"

 

"l’resident lh'uburlwr :untoutwed after 'wttlty lllt‘t‘llllL:
Monday afternoon that all utett wlto enlist for .seryict' will
be given their degree if seniors. and will not lose their class
standing if intdergriulttates.”

25, 1927

START CONSTRUCTION
OLNEW NEWMAN HALL

litptipmeut for hreakinu ground for the
addition to Newman house at 73l Madi-
son avenue. was moved to the lot Satur-
day. Construction will be begun as soon
as the weather permits.

William A. Hayles and Sons. zoo l‘ltltl—
sou avenue. have been awarded the neu-
c'al eout‘act; _lolut ll. Moran, 76 liaulc
street. the plumbing. atul john _l. Whalcu.
to Jefferson street. the heating.

The addition. which will accommodate
sixty persons, will he of brick attd stone,
matching the present building itt archi-
tecture. A twenty foot wing trill cou-
ttcct the new structure. with the old.

4 SENIORS SUBSTITUTE
FOR ABSENT TEACHER

lt'ottr seniors who will substitute itt
tltc eottunercc departntnt this semester
during the ahseucc of Miss lilnuchc i\l.
Arcry. instructor in commerce. are:
.\nm- Steidiuecr. '37, shorthand: Anna
Kaufman. '37. lntoltkettpinu’ l: t‘onstancc
iautuauu, '27. commercial arithtnctic:
and lt'lorrnvr \'crnott. '37. typewrititm.
l’rofcssor lieorao .\rl. York, head of
conntwrcr deintrtuu-ut. announced the as—
.ientttents early this wee '.

l'rofessot‘ \ork and Miss lilizaltclh
l). .\uderson, instructor itt couuucrce.
will ll'itl'll the other of Miss .\rcry's
t'lilS'st'n.
. tss Avery will be absent for a year
.ttul a half.

 

TALKS ON NEWTON
'l'hounlt he was a err-at Inallu-mn-
to ill and physuist. Sir lsaac Newton
tit-\er could keep accounts." .\liss lltt/t'l
lt'owlcy. instructor in physics told a
meeting; of .\lathetnatirs rluh 'l‘lmrs'day
afternoon. .\lnrt‘h l7. lll eonutu-ntoration
if lllt' two hundredth attu' '
Newton's death. “His ph,
[ions were of more importance than his
mathematical discoveries." she declared.
in thr realm of pity
.tt'utttttl a study of tin
of erar', especially as it .
movetneuts of the planets. His greatest
work in matht'matirs was his theo ,
tlttsiotts, now known as differential ral~
culns.

I'ltuts for the sprint; initiation. to take
plarr .\pril ll \vt-rr i so disrussrd at the
lntsiorss ntertiue. lx'rt'rrs'lttnrnts were
served.

 

  

    
 
    

 

 

L. A. BOOKHIEM
RELIABLE MEATS

and FRESH KILLED
POULTRY

Special A Houlfon (liven
Io Sorority [Ionics

346 MadlaonAvo.
Cor. 0n tarlo St

West 18.17

 

 

 

llllTlST-IC PLEATlllG
8: STITCHING 00.

We Do
Hemstitching. All Kinds of Plant»
ing, Buttonholes. Rhinestones,
Hand Embroidery

58 Columbia St.
Cor. No. Pearl St. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

“Dependable Flowers"
ll'r ’l'rlv'g/rup/t Flown-s to all l'ilt‘fo'

Off/II) llirl'ftf
11.0,

EEO—w“ anon
LL—

STEUBEN STREET

Corner James
Phone Main 3775

 

 

GUSTAVE LOREY
91 STATE STREET

W

Pllnl'lllillAl‘llEll OF 1927
FEDAlillEllE

 

COLLEGE BRIEFS

tiatttttt Kappa l‘hi welemttcs as
pledge utenthers l.n(‘_\' .\lilas. '2‘}. and
Marie liavko, lit).

Lutheran t'lltl) held a food salc yester-
day in the Science buihlitu,I to ohtaitt
tlw pert-ssat mom-y for its picture in
the l‘t-datzottur. tiertrudc \\'alsh. '27.
and lt‘utlt Lehman. '38. were itt charge.

 

 

 

 

"ideals" was the topic discussed hy
.\lildretl Lanslcy. '3‘). iii yesterday morn-
tue's Lenten service, itt charge of Y. \ .
t'. .\. .\lt-ttorah society will lead the
early tttornitte . t‘t ucvt week. and
'. \' t‘. .\. will again ha chare the
itt't'lt following. the last of the scr

 

 

r:
r:

 

   

 

 

.\lorr titan lit) couples attended the
stiltlltttlltil‘t‘ source in the gymnasium Fri-
la_\ cvt-ntna.

 

l-"ttneral scrv s' were conducted Stut-
ttt ttteruoou in Schenectady for Mrs.
'twtim llaekus Shiltlcs. '27, wife of Ralph
,l. Sltihles.

 

 

liretn‘lt recitations by four pupils of
Regina l‘rrrettult. '27. and livelyu
l’almer. ‘27, featured the program of
lircneh t'ltll) meeting 'l'ttcsday.

2\ sorial hour followed. Refreshments
were served.

.\lrs. ('harles \\'. Findlay entertained
t'autt'rhury elul) at her home last even-
lug. .\lis-s l'owers. 'ltl. gave an address
on ('hina.

   

take and candy pans from the New-
man eluh and News cluh food sales may
hr ohtatuetl from llclen Zittuuermau, Y27.
'tl the :‘utvs office. she has announced.
'.'\l'll|lt|' l '_ nun defeated l-Zdwiu \'an
lxlceck for .ettior class historian at the
class election lt‘riday. 'l‘wo previous
rules had resulted itt a tie.

 

 

t'ontmerce club will meet ’l‘ucstlay. in
room ll at .l ii'ch'.

 

‘ lita' l'lti \\'elc<ttucs Louise Dnbec. '30,
into toll tuetnhership.

Just Keep A'Comin'

\\'o't‘t- here and ready \‘.l‘.t'll
yntt‘r hungry to help you out with
the saute courteous attention and
scr\tre \vr have always eitru \ou,

High Grade Delicatessen
and Lunch
Bil-A Madison Ave.
Between Quail and Ontario Sts.

 

 

 

Hlfs Made
UlRuhber
lie Have It ,

 

 

   

 

