 

2
State College. News

ESTMILisllEl‘i nv rnr. CLASS or 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
‘t in College for chhcrs

THE NEWS BOARD
EDWIN VAN l(ercr<......................Editar-in-Clncf
Kappa Delta Rho lluusc, West 4314
Human Zinummau.....................Busincss Manager
858 Muritnon Avenue, West “4641 _ I
VIRGINIA Hittntns.......................Man {Jiltg Edi/or
650 \Vnsnlngton Avenue, Wont 2006-. . I
Assocfale'ﬁélglrrmagfng L'rlttar

. . kd'Ai/etifte. Wcst‘ ‘ .
THEMM Tl‘iMl'iJa. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5'lilMCrlftfl0ll Manager
l'sl Ginnnm House, West 2752
Samoa Assncuvrz linIrons

’27 JULIA FM, '27
Luntsr. 1). Conn. '27

Sana BARKLEY.

   
 

 

KATIIAIINF. “Lama,
TimbMIt L. harm. '27

 

llNlnR Assam/Ira EDITORS
Ann/um: lit-LLIertII, '28 Lac/t VAN SCIIAICK. ’28
Man Juan-n LANGDON, '28 Dono'rtlv \VATTS, '28

Rurunrnns

{turn it. \lanrr, '27 ltusr. Dunsxv. ’29
Km" ‘5‘“: '37 MULLIF. KAUFMAN, '29
Mann/now ovosr. ’27 . .
“mm” .27 Mar l\I.I\VEN, 29

_ .A‘MN. ’
luv-rm. .llN )oumn‘v. ’28 |-‘I.onr.scn l\0EN.’2’29
9

   

 

Ru-ru l-‘mmoau, ‘28 Jun“. ‘9
Momma (Liana. ’25 MAR s, '29
ituru (1. Monroe, '23 l-‘ttmamn human. ’29

(inaraunu ila/Ismw, '29 (Sam-mar. SCIILI’JCII, '29

Yr.“ llama \\’r.I.I.u'r'r. '29

. AssIsrANr Iiusmnets MANAGERS
l‘.n\\'l.‘l L, NARI-2a, ’27 llonornv llANnmN. '27
'l‘nonas FALLON, ‘29 Anna lioI.Im\'n. '28

FRANCIS ii. (:Iurrm. 'ZB Mfun’ncu Lansuzv. ’29

KA'i‘IIIaItINH Saxrnx,

  
  
  
   

ltuvru at Subscription Manager
“It. was. liacut Adviser
Slum ibuov News \ ritIng Class

ch n ‘
\l I’Inmcu. Desk Editor

 

 

       
   

         

‘t‘IIIn..\I.\ l.. ent. News Club; llII'rII M001": Vice-
l’resiI Al‘i‘tiltlh'lﬂl. Secretary-'l'rensurcr
l't I cvc ' i‘ritlay in the coll I: year by the Editorial Hoard
rcpr t th Student {\ssoci Subscription, 3.00 per
your. Ilgle copu- tcn cunts. elm. anywhere in tic Unltc’d
Slates. l-Znn-rcll as second class matter at postoflicc. Albany, N. \.

 

  

rily endorse sentiments extresscd in
Inons will he prmted unless tIc writers'
Anonymity

’l'ln: Nuns does not ncc
contrilmtions. .\‘o connnuni
names are left uith the liIlItor-iII-Chlef of the News.
will be preserved if so desired.

 

l'ltls’l‘lill Iiv MILLS [\Irr I’m-:ss. 394496 lIroadwny
Friday, January 7, [9‘27 Vol. XI, No. l5

“NO NOTHlN' "

:\ liriday night minus "activities!" I\ week-end with

no basketball game. no swinnning meet. no athletic
tournament. no gym frolic; no stunts. no pag‘ant. no
vaudeville. nu musical comedy: no concert. Ito lecture,
no speaking contest: Ito carnival. no felt‘. no festival;
no supper, dinner. luncheon. banquet: no tea. gut-to-
gcther. reception. vcspcrs: no dance. prom. soircc. hop,
hall; no debate; nu cake sale. book sale. candy sale;
no campaigns. Iln drives. no picnic: not even plays; not
even club meetings!

And there is nu pestilence abroad in the land. driving
humanity to the safety of solitude. There is no invad-
ing horde of barbarians making social life a nightmare.
Not even mid«ycars are quite near enough to'cause a
sudden panic and a week's lapse in the whirl.

llut despair not. College has been "open" only four
days. and the busy "activities" promoters have not yet
had time to gel th’ngs running uncomfortably. A week
from today will tell a ditlerent story, l’ossibly on
another lt'riday between now and June there will he a
'alm ltkL' tonight's—hut if so probably it will be the
Friday during li'stcr recess.

0 (ptict, cluislcrcd college halls where eager youth
sits in hallowed silence and thinks or listens to hoary
wisdom pour forth its treasuresl () great font of learn-
ing and fountain of education whcncc [low the waters
of culture. Where is thy boasted hum of workers?
\thn departed the presidents. the vice-presidents. the
chairmen and the leaders? \\'h(-u died the committees
and the sub-vonnnittees and the committee members?

Fear not. they are not dead: the are only sleeping.
Another week and Ihey will be here again.

DEBATINO TO THE FORE

By llurtho Zaiun, t'residcnt. Student Association

I'lcbating at State. heretofore. has been a mere formalitv'.
With Myskaniti's organization of a Debating council with
Dr. lirnbacher and Dr. 'l‘hompson s faculty Inemb 's.
efforts will be made to make it a fruitful. \t'cll-ot'gzttii:.ctl.
and interesting activity.

Membership on the varsity tcams will be decided by the
Debating council and will be based entirely on debating
merits of argument and presentation. We hope to make
the activity as democratic as possible by opening try-outs
to all students. including the freshmen.

The immediate cause of our interest in inter-collegiate
debating " an invitation from the Union ('ollcgc Debat-
ing Council : king us to debate with them next semester.
The faculty seems to he as enthusiastic in our new vcntmc
as we.

Other causes for the awakened interest are the monoton—
ous regularity and indifference shown by the student body
toward inter-class debates held in assembly. 'l'hcy have
been hurried affairs. crammed into one assembly hour; the
audience was one which was :htre because it was threatened
by an absentee notice, not l)t‘L'il\i.sL‘ it was interested in the
subicct. The only evident element of lift: oozed from the
realization that the debate connch toward inter-class rivalry
honor .

The program of the Senior-Junior debate this semester.
the SophonuIre-Freshman debate early next semester. and
a third debate bctv.ccn the two winning teams for final
honors. we hope. will arouse a new spirit within our col-
]wu special mening will probably be set aside for the
other debates with the expectation that the audience will bl:
a selected one intercucd in the subject. '

Outside the luterwlass teams, the varsity lﬂéltl‘m will be
selected and a program of intercollegiate debates arranged.

   

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, ANNARY $192k

2.4

with the hope that success this year will insurerlthe p}
motcrs of further encouragement by the. Stink-ut-‘Ass _
tion, and aid through the Student Association budge
nut-of-town debates next year. ‘ .'-‘.

Perhaps. then. We shall be better informed about tnlll'tt-w
national affairs and in a better position to bencht _hy the
National Congress of the Student Federation to which we
sent two delegates last year and in which we hope to be
represented again next year.

 

 

THE STUDENT FORUM l

ASKS ACTION ON MEN’S SWIMS
linrroa. run NEWS . 
In the early part of October about seventy-live mcn ‘
petitioned the athletic council to allow them some money
from the $200 set aside in the budget for men's minor
sports in order that they might hire public bath 3 one
night a week for swimming. as the girls do. Here
was an opportunity for more than lifty men to partlcl~
pate in some very beneliclal exercise at a very moderateI
expense to the College. ’ ‘
What was done about it? Nothing.
knew who the members of the council were. About
three weeks later they were found. but Dr. l'ower
could not call a meeting because they had not handed
in their schedules to him. A meeting was called finally
in the middle of December at which a quorum was Itot
present. The second semester is to begin now. Let
us try to do better.

 

r\t‘"iirsl no one

AIwIn liURh‘i-Z

SAYS “HOT HOUSE PANSlES” NEED AlR
I‘larron, Till-2 Nicws

t‘llarity begins at home. so they say. 'l'hen why'not
health? How very strange it is that the faculty connnttlcc
on student health, while warning the freshmen to eat oranges
or stewed prunes for breakfast. should overlook a serious
menace to health right in thc t'ollcge.

'I'ltis menace is the lack of ventilation in the .
Steps should be taken at once to remedy the situation.

(framed that the ventilation synem is faulty. (irnntwl
that emit room contains twice as many people as should be
there. \"et. l think. a method may be adopted by which
each person may get a bit more air. _

| suggest that in each c one person he ttppollllwl to
open one or more wiudou as soon as the dismissal ble
rings. This will change the air while the clasxvs are
lug. Then the hot house pansics can close the windows _||t~l
as soon as they enter.

Last year we had it campaign to vlv-an up t'ollrge. .-\~ a
result. we now flare the campus t‘olttllllsslon. Let us air out
the College. and he may get a ventilation t‘IIiI‘llllissluitet' in
this group. L'rt‘taialy proper ventilation is of more value
to the students than the correct hanging of posters. plt‘lv‘llht
up waste paper. ct celvl'n.

ass t'IuIllls.

 

  

 

\\'II.I.I\u ll. l"ttli\t u.

"GENTLE READERS"
('l‘ln- ttuwtlotn In'ient. liowdoln (‘ollugwl

Once upon It tinte there was a college editor. He
had an ollice on the Campus where he gave assignments.
edited copy. and received complaints.

As at most institutions there w.’ a collection of arm-
chair philosophL-I Sometimes they would come around
to his "rendezvous" waving their arms and foaming at
the mouth. Others would send their friends around to
tell him they were ltot under the collar; mint-times be-
cause an article didn't gct in. and uthcr times because
one did.

:\II the organizations on the college yard thought
the school paper was a publicity haudhill. They sent
him editorials and sermons about themselves to put on
the front page aml exp--ctcd him to kill good uch
stories to make room for their publicity stunts. 'l'hcy
would write reams of rot in pen and ink aml then swear
if there were any mistakes in spelling. etc. Still others
would bring in a wastchasketful of gramuuitical errors
and distorted facts and then make the air blue when
their literature appeared in black and white,

’l'hc editor was deformed l‘lt.‘ had a consci-cncr.
Some of these clay saints. super-men. and embryonic
geniuses We're getting lilo “goat.” He began pricing
' ' uring the depth of the river.

. vas reading over some philosophies of
Abraham Lincoln, The lines: "You can fool all of the
people some of the time, some of the people all of the
time. but you can't fool all of the people all of the
time," suggested a parallel.

"You can please all of the people some of the time.
and some of the people all of the time. but you Can't
satisfy all of the people all of the time."

After this, the editor barricaded the windqu of his
office had a steel bolt put in the dour. bought hiIIISCIl
a sawed~olf shotgun and lived happily ever after.

 

 

 

 

 

TEN YEARS AGO IN. STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for Jan. 5. 1917

 

 

"Contrary to the expectations of most State college stu—
dents. R. l’. l. defeated the Purple and (iohl in the first
game of the . ason. which was played liriday cvcn'ug. —
ccmbcr 81b. in Troy. The score of the contest was 45:31."

at
r:

 

"The managers of the hockey team have thus far sched-
ulcd one game: that is with l\'. l‘. l. and dated for lleecmher
10th. Judging by the In outlook the game will havc
to be postponed until after the (‘lll'lh‘ll‘llil‘ holidays unless
colder weather puts the rink into condition.”

 

  

 

“'l‘he chapel period on i Iday morning will be taken up
wtth the tlnrd of the series ot lectures on life insurancv."

“'l‘hc Junior l‘rum. committee is working on its plans
for that tunctton. and committees on the hamth and re-
ccptIon have been appmntetl by Miss Mot re."

“'l‘hursdny noon the soph girls' basketball team tlefc'ithl 'l
thele team to the tune of 7:6. At the end of the first
halt the score was 5:4 In favor of the sophs."

 
 

“Last year a new com" in plumbing and elec ‘ic wiring
" added to the indu. 'Il work. The students of that
class have successfully carried out their plans to the best
of their ability within the class room.”

 

 

.coILEtI BRIEFS

 

 

 

 

  

A human dinner will be glvcnby
Classical club Wednesday. _ lltutcuig
' Helen

 
     

ill the gymI' III will follow.
ict ’27. pl sulent. urges.all mem-
hets o sign up on the mam bulletin

   

board. The charge will be Slxl)’ cents.

 

Omicron Nu Alumnae Dine

'l‘hc ahnnnae of Omicron Nu held a
dinner at the Hampton hotel. Monday
evening, ~l)eccmher 27. Miss Marian
 \'an Lien, state supervisor of home
economics. spoke. A short busmcss
I‘neeting followed. '

Menorah Meets Wednesday. '

Menorah will hold its ﬁrst meeting
of 1927 in Room B Wednesday. Jann-
:try |2. Mildred l,., 'awel, 27. and
Alice "sher. '28, will report on the
Menorah convention in New York
t'ity held during the Christmas holi-
days.

 

Co-op Plans Clearance Sale ’ I

/\ clearance sale of everyllmig In
the t'vvop will he. held during the '—
Iltllllllttftlll weeks. according to I\ I
llelen 'I‘. buy. Manager of the Conop.

"‘n
/

     

Elect Court Members

Julia liay, ‘27. cditor-in-chicf oi the.
Quarterly. is the Myskania member who
was elected by the sophomore class to
be ollt' of the two Myskania supervisors
of the sophomore court. The other
member is (it-orglanna Maar. '27. presi-
dent of the (iirls Athletic :tSSUClilliOll,
tlllt‘ of the two freshman guardians.
The court will try freslunen breaking
the sophomore I'nlcs.

 

Menorah To Sell Cake

Menorah will conduct a cake. candy
Ind pie sale III the basement (ll lhv
wit-nee buildlng 'l'nesday. .\|ay l\‘li-
urn. '3‘). is chairman of the arrange-
ments.
Vacations in Nebraska

Ilr. 5'. .\l. lirowncll. of the edited»
lion d1 parlment spent the t'hristmas
I lion at his home in Lincoln. Ne—

 

Visits in Dundee

Miss leane'tta Wright, instructor in
chemistry, spent Christmas vacation at
her home in Dundee.
Passes Holidays in Little Falls

.\liss Laura l". 'l‘hompsun. manager

If the cateterla. passed the holidays
‘11 her home in Little Falls.
Watts On Lion Art Staff

The art staff of the State Lion in-
rlndcs‘lv'nih Vans. '2‘). not Ix'uth Mu
.\un. "' '

_/. as prevmnsly nnnoInux-d.

Miss Perlne Studies in Paris

Miss l'InIIiI'e A. l’crine. instructor in
art. Is studying art lII Paris on sabbatical
11:1ch ‘.\l s. l’erme’s address is Ameri-
can L’lllVCl'Slly \\'omcn's club, 4 Rue dc
(hevrrnse, l‘aris 6 Inc.
Miss Wheeling at Class Reunion
-.\li.\s |§atheriiie ll. Wheeling. critic
of lunghsh In Milne High school.
~pcnt thristinas vacation in thv
\ork city where she attended a re-

 

union of classmates from her :ilnIa
illillt'i‘, .v\lleghcny college.
Dr. Collins Goes Home

Dr. Marion Collins. assistant col-

  

lege llll'l’h’tdllll. spent the holidays at
or home III llagainnn.

ALUMNUS coir—means
r0 EDUCATION JOURNAL

William F. l’hclps, one of the first
graduates of State (Tollch and pr '
Ilcnt ut the American Library '
non

 
 

. _ i a-
. In .lli7ft. as quoted III the current
Ijsue ot the journal of the National
l'.(ll|C.’tlil)il association on the subject of

the "New . Library Science."
.\lr. l'helps graduated in . the
second year in the history of State Col—
lcgc.

'llc organized and managed the prac\
tice schoul at the then State Normal
school. and later two colleges in Wis-
coustn._ He has been a voluminous
writer tor encyclopedias and educational
periodicals.

 

—-——_”-:_‘_
TODAY'S ASSEMBLIES
A. .l. Stoddard. Superintendent

of Schenectady Ichools. will speak
at each assembly today.

'The senior class picture will

WINTER SPORT GOODS
Sweaters
Hiking Breeches
Riding Habits
Towers college slickers

c. H._GTLLEN’S
Next to Post Ofﬁce

ARMY - NAVY - CAMP

1V I00
W. Years
Dependability

DIAMONDS
WATCHES
JEWELRY

99 NORTH PEARL S’l‘.

Opposite Strand 'I‘hcalre

 

 

 

 

 

6"”

Sb

Old-Time lloIIIt'»I\laIle

 

arr
Martha Washington

Candies
3!: Steuben St. Albany. N. Y.
Main 41'73 ()pt-u evenings
.\lail orders promptly filled

 

DlS’l‘lNCTlVE
Society Printing

Programs, Menus. Dance Orders.
Art Novelties. for

Sororities
Fraternities
Societies
Clubs

For Particulars Sec
Dorothy Warshaw. ’30, S. C. T.

 

 

 

If you see ONE
You’ll Know It‘s a

LEONE

at 18 Steuben St.
Whether it’s a Shingle Bob
A Swirl Bob or
A Peacock Bob
We Specialize in Hot Oil Scalp and
Hair Treatment
Two (2) Expert Marcellers Always in
Attendance
For Appointment. Call Main 7034

“Dependable Flowers"
ll'r 7i‘fI’!/l'tl[I/l Flowers to all I‘m-h

Off/m Il'ol'ftf
l“ E 417%
‘ Mic—tum anon

STEUBEN STREET

Corner James
Ph 119 M..in 3775

 

Normanskill Farm Dairy

IE]

Bottled Milk and Cream

Velvet

ICE
CREAM

 

be taken at “O’clock,

 

Wholesale Price to Parties

