 

35v

State College N ews
EsrAuusucn Iiv 'rIIE’CIaIss or 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York

College for Teachers

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, , MARCH_ 18. 1927

 

FOUR SPRING BOOKS, ALL DIFFERENT
BUT ALL OF THEM WORTH YOUR TIME

 

 

 

THE NEWS BOARD | . _
EDWIN VAN KLEECK. . . . .. . . . . . . . . . .  I . . .Edttor-m-Cluef
Kappa Delta le House. West 431d
HELEN ZIAIAIERAIAN. . . . . . .  .........BIIsIIIc.I.r Manager
. 858 Montana .\nnue. West AIMS-R L ‘
VIRGINIA HIGGINS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Manugmg Editor
660 Washington Avenue. “fest 2096a}. ‘ _
SARA BARKLEY................/l.t.l‘m‘mfe Managing [:dttor
39 50. Lake Avenue, West 1695:] _
’I‘tII-zLAIA Tent-LI)............... ....SubscrIpIIou Manager
f'sl Gamma House. West 2752

lemmas
uLIA lv‘.\\'. '27
Leona: I). Gotta. '27
AssneIATI: EDITORS
l.I;I.A VAN SCIKAICR. '28
“URUTIIY WATTS. '28

 

SENIOR AssncIATa
KATIIAIIINI; Bums. '37 .l

TIIELHA L. Burns. ’27
Jumps

Autumn: lloLmsTn. '28
MAan JunI-I-H LANUDON, '28
RnrunTans . '

RuTH ll. \lcNurT. '27 Ross DRANSKV. 29
KENT PENE- '27 , MOLIJI: KAUFMAN, '29

Museum PROMISE? 27 MM. mem' .2.)
racemes Hum. ’29

,.

IIEIITIIA ZA‘IAN, '
)ouuurv. ‘28 J ‘ w
ssIe arenas.
IuaNA Mucus. ’29

KATHLEEN
limzanmu Pumas. '29

RUTH FLANABAN. '28
MILDRED GAIIEL. '28
CAROLINE ScIII.cIcu. ‘29

lluTH (i. Menu. ‘28
Gannon: IIIASLOW, '29

 

VERA l’lnI.I.s WzLLoTT, '29

ASSISTANT ltusmcss MANM'ILRS I

Emma L. llamas, ’27 lluuurnv “mount. 27

’I‘IInAIAs 1'. Fauna. '29 .-\NNII “mauve. ’38

l-‘nANCIs E. iKIPFIN. ’28 MILIIIInu Luster. '29

KATHERINE Samoa. '2

RIITH KELLEY. Assistant Suhseriptiun Manager V

WtI.I.IA.\I I\l. .. cII. llirectorof Headline and Copy-Reading(.lasscs
SAIIA llAaxLev, Director of News Vriting

WILLIAM M. l-‘IIENCII, Desk liditnr ,

'l‘III-II..\IA IA llamas. l’rcsillt'nt. News Club: ltn'rn‘ .\lonIIIt Vlce-

I'rcsllll’lll.’ ANNE S'I‘AI‘I‘oIIII,‘:.‘tl. Secretary-treasurer

   

      
  

I’nhlishcd every l-rnay in II ' Ilene year hy the I'Iditurial lluard
repI senting the Student \ oI I_Ion. .“Inhserlptlon. $.l.tlt] ‘per
yc r. sinde mph-N. tcn cult lleltvcred anywhere III the Uuttcyd
Stat s. lintercd as second class matter at postothce. Alhany. N. \.

'l'lIc News does not necessarily endorse sentiments esIrcsseyl in
contrihutiuns. No communications will he printml unless lie \vrtlei‘s'
names are left with the litlitur-iII-Ifhief of the News. Anunynuty
will he preserved if so desirct.

 'l‘r (titans Common
. r\.. 1927.

 

SECOND PIIIzr. AS ".r\.\II:IIIc_A‘s‘l
NEll‘Sl'M’ER.“ L. 5.

 

llroadway

Vol. XI. No. 25

l'nINtho av MILLS mu I'ness. 394496

ALIIANv, N. Y.. March IS. 1927

A SERVICE TO TEACHERS

The round table conference of vicinity school lllL‘ll and
women to which the College will he host a week from
tomorrow is a new custom which has pl‘uvt'd its worth.
The conference was established three years ago by President
It is a short meeting. lasting only through
the morning,r and early afternoon. Actual discussion of
existing problems rather than theorizing has l)t‘t.‘ll empha-
sized. and this is Ilonhtless one reason why teachers are
willing to come to II conference on Saturday.

Aside from the benefit which the teaching profession is
undmthtedly receivingr front these tttectintts, the Lolleue
itself gains.

State is well adapted to sponsor tltc conference and hy
so doing it assumes another task that is reaping fruits.
The College gains in prestige and lllllltullt‘t‘. lt cannot do
too mttch of this sort of work. Without distracting its
efforts. from its main business of training, prospective
teachers. it can give this aid and other similar help to
teachers in active service. UIulcrIzradIIatI-s will do well
to attend as many of the sessions as they can.

llruhacher.

 

uPOUND FOOLISH"

State College students are more affluent than usually sup.
posed, ii the cxpcrlcncr of the lost and found committee of
the campus commission is :I rcliahle index. The committee
is ﬁnding it almost impossible to net thc lusch of fountain
pens, handbags. articles of dress. and even cash. to apply
for their possessions. The committee has less trnnhlc urn—
ing those who ﬁnd objects to turn them in than it has in
persuading those who have lost articles to apply for them,
Students have every right of course to he as careless as
they please with their belongings. And even after these
are lost, if students had rather go without them than see
if they have been found. that is the bllltlL'Ills' privilege.
llut it hctnkcus a carelessness a lack of economy, a waste
of valuahle property.

THE BASKETBALL SEASON
'l'hc attendance predicted for the men‘s basketball diuncr
tomorrow night is a testimonial to the pride which the
College feels in the unusually successful record of this
year's varsity basketball team. it is no small achievement
to win eleven of twelve games. It means much more than
the forty minutes spent on the floor in the actual names. It
means hours of practice. ohservance of trainng rules, self-
dcnial and a high spirit of team play, The team and its

coach are to he congratulated upon their work.

SEE AND HEAR MRS. HALE

Another opportunity to hear without cost a valuahlc
and interesting lecture is offered State College students
this evening. None who follows the news of the Ameri-
can theater is unfamiliar with the name of Louise Clos—
scr Hale. the talented character actress. who will give
a popular lecture on "The Art of Make—up" tonight at
Chancellor's hall, The lecture is to he illustrated hy
Mrs. Hale who will make up for several of her most
successful stage parts and will depict short scenes from
these plays.

 

T/tfx Ift‘fft't'fng ll"arlrl. lly Lewis llrnwttc. $3.50. 347 pp.
New York: Macmillan.

Mr. llrnwnv dedicates his runiarkahly intervstntg volume
to H. (i. Wells. One finds much to prove that the author
is doing- his model more than lllt‘l'u lip-service. liar \\ ells
peeps out all over the hook. The point of view is \\ellsIan;
so are some pha ' of the style: so is the thing as a whole.
The sub-title .\ Simple Account of the (ircttt ltvhgmns
of Mankind." Of all of the litany who in recent years have
illlcmltlk‘tl ll“? lmlmlarizatiou ot subjects usually regarded as
tlllllk‘llll. ft‘W have done better than Mr. llrowne. l'llﬁ'lltlt"
rative styl '. forceful; one s for ‘tnuvhv more til the
saute sort of thing: '1 he antho Ionceptton of how rI-huton
hogan is follutvctl hy a s IptIIIn of Its (lt‘\‘t‘ll||ltllt‘tlllIll
the ancient world. down throu' l ‘lutlnism andvlhe tlu‘IstIaIt
era. The authorin of sv\'t‘ttll scht Is RIVCII as .Idth»
tinual evidence of the account's tIrchnI anthcntwtty.

 

 

I:

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

Children of the Morning. lly \\'. l.. George. $2.00. 305
pp. \iew "ork: l‘utnatn‘s . r
\\L‘ 'ed up all night to I ad this hook. at ~t suhuuttct

 

   
 

as llltllt tire of the power of the :‘ltn’y. c-
bating the degree of pt‘ollahility in Mr. floor...
of hth civilization cvolved~uhich suggests that [hurt us
mort- than a story to this new novel. One halt-s In use the
word "gripping." ' it exactly f s this posthumous work.
l " III- tale is of the ftrlltlllt‘l‘ltl. off the coast of South
In of a small steamer which is CIII‘I’inIJ,I to safety the
refugees from a I' r. Unt- hoat. contaiuiutI ahuut
seventy childrvn. is off hcforc any adn l embark.
The children are the only survivors. They th‘ttt. ll\‘lllt; on
hiscuit and water. till they run ashore tlll a dI-svrtcd island
which a volcanic eruption. unknown to Cl .Itinu. has
lI'a sfnrnn'd from a trump into a fruitful pttt‘tltliM' with a
pet cct clilnatc. ft, nine children. agcd hclwvcu live and
eight. actually disembark. How they grow to nIatIIrIty.
developing their own laws. their own t'IIlIl't‘lIlhIIIs and I'll
toms. and their own language makes a tttlv that is a mh .I»
lllt't‘ for what tit-orpc hI-liI-vt the world has done.

     

 

 

'1.
F.

     

 

n—

 

   

 

   

    

 

 

'f‘/II‘ Life and 'l'ntrA‘ of .l/urI/III III'II/III'I/Irt'niltn ‘Iy lirank
Sullivan. $2.(lll. 314 pp. .\'vw York: hull and |.i\rri:.~ht.

’Ieinpr as how Frank Sullivan is a home-town product al-
most. lttt\‘ilt§;’ lwen r ' ‘ ' ' '

 

IIIs’I-Il up Ill 5 . _..il vntutty. It IS rou—
sltlt'l‘tthlt‘ of a relief to he aldc to Mt)‘ \Iithuut nnan- poctiv
licensi- that the stork headliur uhout "Local loy Makv~
tiood in llip t'it " can he used auaitt. The adventures of
Miss llcpplvtltuaittv llltllv‘t’ lllt' 5. tillt'~l appeal to our lllri‘
torlI-d sense of humor of anything \\I- l|ll\t' read this season
(with the possihle exception of another little offering to he
noticed ncxt \\‘l't'l\'l. We advise you Hnt‘to he deceived
heransI- Sullivan has clam-n to group all his newspaper
columns concerning Martha llt'llllll'lllll'illlt‘ into the first
third of this hook and then to call the volume aflrr her.
The meat of the nut isn't there. The hI-st stuff is in llll'
assorted selections from his work for lltv .\‘ra‘ l'm'l: ll'orltl
which lill the other two-thirds of the \‘ohuuc. State t'ul.
lent- maidens who have arnnaiIItaIIrI-s with inmates of the
institution on the hill in Troy. .1 l those who like to pre-
tend the at'IptaiIIhIIIct-. wIIl llt' rspI-rially futon-stud in llll'
skit entitled "The llandsomI-st Senior." recounting lhe his-
tory of Antans hlt'llillnrr 'l'Itwallow. handstnnvst senior in
the “'l‘roy School of Mines." in IUJ7 and also in l‘lll, and
at the lv‘hinclwvl: llusiucss (‘Hlll' e in “NH.

   

  

 

   

 

Ili'l/III'I'on. ly ls'afaol Sahatiui. .JISt), lostnn;
llonnhton. Milllin.

laying nch-I’ "win-d thv hilttu‘ \vhrrv wv ran I-itlII-r take
or leave our S 'Ii. we are not cxavtly llw most Ilispasu
siouatc judge of [tin lllll'\l ull‘ndon. .\(lllllllllll‘. in ad . we
vvt'rythinu you may he lt'lllttlt‘ll to say ahont Halmtini. wv
still maintain that he is a pond vacation front the th‘tttlII-
lIiuhln'ow drivel that is Pluggle up the pressc; nowadays.
Sabatini did hI-ttI-I‘ with “t'aptain [flood ‘ and “.\I'aramonrlie”
than he has with "Ilcllarion the .\lIIanilit-vnt.” lutt ncverIlH'~
less he has done well indml with lllt‘ latest. .\nd "IlI-l-
larion" is a relief after The Life of ('e nt-
llorgia." . ' ' . InnI'h-lann'uIvd excursion from straight
romance into a biographical path “lh-llarion" has llt‘t'll al<
lowed to fill a few too many pages. hnt the author's pill
for holdng Sllhllt'tlbt' rotupwrs even lhi« handi . 'l‘hc
extra length. however. makes this plot. even more than his
others. he) Ind condensation into a hriI-f stnnntary. The set-
tint.I is ltaly: the time. the liftt-rnlh century.

THE STUDENT PRESS ASSOCIATION

-l-ltI pp,

_.
,

  

 

  

 
 
   

 

      

       

tl-‘I-oIn Iht: t‘hI-is -~ SI-itvnI-I- Monitor)
llnt in hchalf of he MM llI-d .\CllllIilwlll' pr entirely
apart Irtnn us prolvs onal slaudiun and I‘l; llt lion. it
may he s'ntl that It Is :Ircoinplishinn‘ in its p.IItI' d. ticld

 
   

:hnnld hr t‘IIllllllt‘lltlI'tl and envnur , :. l’irst of
IpIalit Hug both it»; editors and readers properly to
appreciate the standard; which journalism has mtahlishcd.
and to discritninatc. prohahly llltil't' nly than would other-
wise he (I c, hrtwrt'u the indi ILlLlll or vicious and the
“out. It is “I ﬁll much to the ris It); new
ic Is. as \l't'll us to the ll"‘1llt' of the world
at largo. to learn that the llt'\\‘.~.[I.'I|II'I‘, I finished product.
does not simply happen," it rcllcrt . a. an I-IItltv. as well
as my hy thy sonu- ideal. MInc purme In whirh those
I onsihlc for its )llllllICIllll II are more than casuallv cont-
mittcd and for which they continuoust and I-lIcI-rfullv work.

The soldier of fortune seldom IIan crvediv enlists in
journalism. He I‘vulizt-s that \\llillt'\'l'l' l‘k‘lYili’tIS may he
earned tin-rein cnne onlv after years of unselﬁsh and dc—

d service. The dc ‘ - for what some nnwi. ly call the
ilcgt- of _ f " e sioII attracts many for a time. hut
.‘dlllh yinp; realization comes only to tl who see in their
opportunity that \\'lll[ll is pvt-:Itvr than an indulgrnre in -
int; something which lllt'l' hopI- mint-one will read. it may
he said ronrrrnina lllt. In.."ln;4 of newspapers, as concvrlr
inn thI- Inakinp of hooks. that of it llll'l , is no end.

No dnuht it will he aarrt'd tl' the yonnp men and vount:
women in the colleges. univI-I es and high schools who
Iave ltt‘l'll ‘l :ciatcd with the pnhliration of scholastic
Irpvrs and ma wines will hr. after thrir graduation. if not
before, the rtally discriminat'n: l't’tllll'l‘ﬁ of current lllcra-
lllrt‘. 'l n- llilt' 'rnnnd naiIII-Il hy evvn :I lJl‘icf t'xpt'l'lt'llt‘t'
as editor: and contributors will afford a proper and true
[It‘rSllt ll\'t' from which lltt'y can \lt'\\' and appraise more
pretentious journals. As their Innnht-rs increase they will
be able to dictate, in no small degree. the character of. those
publi'ations which seek to appeal for their favor and patrow
age, Already this jury is one of formidahle proportions.

 

 

  

 

      
 

 

   
  
 

 

 

      

 

 

 

         

\pr

 

 

. t

 

 

  

 

 
  

COLLEGE BRIEFS

 

 

 

Miss lfalel ltowley, instructor in phy-
sics, spoke het'orc Mathematics L‘ltll)
'l‘hnrsday afternoon, concerning the life
of Sir I. c Newton. The meeting ‘as
largely social. heing a St. Patrick's (lay
party. lx'eft'eslnnettts were served.

A special meetint.r of the club was
railed this week to approve of ‘audidatcs

 

for IllL‘llllJL'l‘tilllll.

 

Baumann Speaks at Services

hlcntt‘llll society conducted the lentcn
services yesterday morning at 7:45
o‘clock in Room I}. Constance llan-
Inanu, ‘27. had charge.

The _lcwish interpretation of the sub-
jccl. ".\ll Races Have a Form of War»
ship." was the topic Miss lhnuuann prL
Inal'ily stressed ethics.

lle.la IlyIuan. ‘27. sang hefore and
..I'ter the services.

Read Chemistry Papers

Anaesthesia was explained in the
tfheniistry thh last Friday by helix
l‘ .' ’.:8. Nina llandy. '37, read a
paper on the hydrogen atom and l-‘I'an-
.:is if. (irillin. ’Zh‘, de. rihrd the effect
ll themistl'y in medicine.

 

   

Visit Dudley Observatory

t'autcrbury club and the Young.
I’t-oplt-'s l‘cllowship society of St. {\u-
. l’rotestant lipisropal church
ml the llndlI-y nhsc 'Itory last even-
and examined the ~ky through the
4v lull-scopc thct’t'.

Work for Merit Badges

'lhc citizen scout troop will start
dark on the pioneer tIIcrit-badgc \\'t'd-
.II 'Ilay evening at 7:.lll o'clock. under the
Ill 'rtion of Miss .l. lsahcllc Johnston, in-
structor in physu'al education and scout
raptain. and Ilorothy lloyt. ‘14. .-\IIy
college girl may attend the meetings,
.Icvul'dinu to Mildred \\i|snn. '37, scout
..cItlI'IItIIIl.

 

   

1.

 

 

   

 

Leave for Camp Cogswcll
Another group of InvInhI-rs of the
tiu'ls' .\thctic association will leave to-
day for t'anlp t'oustvell.
"Now that spring. has come the hikiut:

 

at the ‘tnnp should he especially enticing,"
lll'IL'll ’l'ontpkins. ‘37. chairman ol
li. .\. .\. week -nd parties. all.

 

Play at Theater

The orvhvstt‘a of Dorothy l\'ahic. '18.
marina all this week as an added
' ale moving pivttn‘c
: t and Hudson art-nun.
s comprised of live lllll—
cu.

   
 
 

 

Alumna Visits Herc

  
 

   

' Mrs. llaroltl llle‘anp‘. Schenectady.
ltn‘tnvl'ly lleth ()nlehI-e, '20, and A rs.
Vame.‘ MI-(it-t‘ of South llt'llllL‘llL‘lll

(Alive lloup‘hton, '35). \'I ted the home
crononncs department 'l'ttcsday.

 

'MYSKANIA DETERMINES
STATUS or soarnes

SeL‘Iet societies here are divided into
three classes by a new ruling of My
s‘ania, the unwary governinr hot .
l‘hey are: Myskania in one class;
Omicron Nu. the honorary svt‘t‘vl so.
ciety of students of home economics. and
the Herodotus cluh t‘tIIIIIIHSt‘tl of ;I
limited number of history students. in a
second class. The third class includes
sororities and fraternities.

Ilepartntcutal honor svt‘rvt sttt‘ivlivs
will all he placed in the second Ida...

The need for the definition of the
status was due In the (lillirltlty of clasV
sif_ he the secret societies in the l‘edIt-
,togue, Ruth l'l. EIcNtItt. '27. a lllt‘lltltt’t'
of .\lyskania, told the scuior-sophtnnorc
assemhly Friday. The classiﬁcation
under the ruling will he ﬁrst made in
the WIN l'cdapnuue. she said.

KIRTLANE—EZECTS BOX
ma mesa QUESTIONS

A Iptvstion box for frI-slnnt-n has hrvu
placed on the wall nrar the door to
room Ill hy I’I‘of ' lx‘. ll. liit'tlatul
of the education department. Qurstions
on religion and evolution arc vxrludI-Il
Other questions puzzling the frrslnIn-n
wtll he discussed in the division of tlw
freshman orientation course from tiltile
they come. l‘rofcssor l\'irtl;uid think-
that this system will clear up many snh
ict‘ts not understood hy run-ring ~tndrnl~

 

 

 

 

 

UTE

The

SEALER ll

 

 

tragedy ".\lansious" hy llddt-
ﬁartlr l’hIqu-r. prI 'lllt‘tl hy the .nl
vanced dramatirs c. la~t wet-k It‘
dI-ch-d itself at the last moment h) a
rI-IIIarlIahlt- I-rtive closinn. \s .I
whole. lltlllt' I. the play lacked the h:
' inn lcllsittll of tranoly; lllt' [lilt'l‘ \\.l-
’ltltl unsatisfying. lane t.rI-I-III-.
. " ydia" was \lllI‘I'l't‘ and l'II||\ll|t'
:Ill-E in her good moments. llI-r somrwhat
lahorions type of diction. lltlll‘t'lt'l'.
seemed to be l't‘SlhtlhllIll‘ for the larl.‘ oI
'arit'ly in th sprcvlws. Lois ltunn.
'27. in the role ot‘ ".\unt llarrwt" pt'r
sctttcd an adequate lnlerprvtation. ulnlr
\\'In'd title. '3“. as ",lor' Inanaard :I
soIIII'what dillicull part \l‘l')‘ well. 'l'lu-
play was \\l.'ll cast.

ln “.\Iatinata" hy l.il\\'l't'lll‘t' l.:lll'.‘.llt‘t‘.
sprightly Ilialopm- roInhiut'd with the
eIt-r—popnlar l’ierrot-t‘ohnnhinI- theme ltI
afford a l‘t'V‘llt'sn‘ vIIllI'uI' :ItuchIvI' a play
of rrady appeal. lh'atrirv \\ ripht. .
l'ohnnhiur l\\llll\‘lL'tl through the I l'lll
in;- rolc with a good deal of \‘llt't‘t'—~, and.
paying t)])|l:t.\'llt'. Lillian liclIh-r. '37, .o
hI/y l‘tt'rrot. drew almost a full In.-;I~
lll't‘ of laughs. in the role of lllll‘lt'lllllll.
the plcrning diction of lCIhIa \\ttlft', 'JH.
rolnh'ncd with a Hwy 5: lh'fl'lltg inter
an-IIItion offered a good I'lIarIII‘tt-I'ixation
of Illt' traditional phantasy villain,
'I'nn l'I.,\iooIII

     

r

 

  

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

If your father or your mother or both
were teachers, it is a safe guess that this
is one reason why you chose State Cul~
loge for your Alma Mater. Whether or
not a fondness for teaching; is itself in~
herited, the atmosphere of a family one
or both parents of which have taught is
conducive to the desire to secure a col~
leap education, and indirectly to practic-
Ing tvachintz,‘ as a profession.

(Inc of the examples of an hereditary
ltft’lt'llll ,- instinet is found in Adelaide l.
l'lnlltster. '27. of Corinth, whose father
.s now It superintendent of schools and
whilst maternal grandmother and sev-
eral great-aunts attended State College
\\ hen it was a normal school.

lioth parents of Lilian M. MacGI‘cgnr.
'28. of Johnson t'ity have taught. Mrs.
llarcncc Shu. the former I‘iva llcitx. '28.
had two teachers anunn.r her immediate
family. 'l‘hey were her mother and her
mother's sister. The same is true (if
:\lnta and Lucy ’l‘crpening. '27. of Al—
may.

interestng are the cases in which
teachers are found in one branch of It
I. nin and not in the other. Dorothy
(Irdnry, '38, of (foeyman's Hollow, and
Lury Milas. ’20, of Amsterdam. furnish
examples of this kind. Miss Getlnoy's
grandmother. her grandmothe's :i. er
and her uraudtnotltcr's two children.
lon and a girl. all have taught. Mi s

 

 

 

 

 

(ieIlnt-y's brother also has taught. Miss

Is Teaching Instinct Hereditary? Parents
And Sisters 0! Many Students Here Teach

Mia: had three n’I‘t-at-nnrles and two
maternal aunts in the profession.

'l'wo students. Wanda .\lallin, '18. of
hula-nectady. and Helen llrcIa-Is, 'Jtl. oI

   

 

  

 

Sag Harbor, have sisters who a - trachr

Ina. Many studtnts h I have bad

AIsteI‘s graduated from Statc t'oll c
ll.

lyn \\'ilkins. '3‘). of Nt'ltlllllldll
Margaret llurnap, '30, of tlhl liornr:
l'hchr ll'lcrscrcau. Kit). of lCndicott; and
Ruth l.cnunlc. ‘37, of x\lhany. are among
the number.

llclcn M. l\'ill)nrn, '33. of laIn'villr.
belongs to the class who I aunts.
cousins. and more distant II-latiII-s in
my livld.

l’rom the limited vxamplcs which have
lit-en listed. it is obvious that n rrally
thorough and extended search of records
would - l' tllll the theory of llt'l‘t‘tlllitl')
and environmental influence of l't‘l.lll\l"
who are teachers upon State t‘ollvur stu
dents.

Music courses will prohahly hc omillrd
front the CNN admit of the illllllllt’l‘ svs
' according to l’rofcssor \\‘infrI-d l‘.
' r, head of lllt‘ (icrman departnu-nt
and director of lllL' summer session. ’l'hr
library school will offer courses for
school lihrarians at the State lidnraliou
building. he announced.

“l’lans and ap|n'nprialions for the sum-
Incr s Axon are along the same llllt‘n as
l: t year." he declared. “The snuunvr
. on s fundamentally for teachers in
the servicv."

r:

  

 

c

:

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

