 
   
 

 

 

 

 

» .Es't'iimsniin nv rti'c CLASS or ms
The Undergraduate Newaplpar of New York
State College for Teacher:

 .7 ' THE NEWS BOARD I
Etrwn‘i VAN KLEECK. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ls‘dltor-in-Cliir/
- f Kappa Delta Rho Home. West r-tJl‘t
Hiti.r.N ZIMMERMANi-‘n..nimnu...”.l

, arts Matthieu Avenue, West on
VIRGINIA HtceiNs.................,.....
4'le Washington 'Ayetiuo, went 2 . I ‘ .

‘ SAttA BAuKi.cv......... l Sﬂtlfllt‘ flg‘ﬂlltlﬂllly Miler

slum Manager
-. i;

;.

"mm in Editor
of g

 

......./.r
59 Se. Lake Avenue, West tar ' I
. . . ..Snb.rcrt/vlioii Mattel/er
West 2752

Tuscna Tent-Mr................
, f‘nl Gamma Ilouac,

JUNIOR EDITORS

KMHLEKN Dotiuiirv Rtrrn Kinaacv
MILDRED (lanai. Marv L‘dNttttON
Flanctsﬂmrrtu lturn (i. Mount-i

KATHARINE Saxron
honoriiv Warrs
l.iu..\ VAN Scimitar

Vol. XI. No. it)

VIRGINIA Hicoius
' Answer. .I’lOlddS'l'ltll
Artur. Homer»

Friday, February 4, 1027

STATE COLLEGE IS POWDERING HER NOSE.

THE JUNIOR PROM MEN! Tl-lRlLLSl

Minerva will get another thrill of a life time this week-
end seeing so many men around. State ('ollege will have
to brush up and pmvder her nose in honor of the big event.

Girls! in ituml lsu‘t he good tookingl Yes, dear soul,
he is good looking, and so are all the rest of them.

"Who are ynlt bringing?"

tlJ_Hm'll

"Oh!" and with an understanding smile, "great!"

l'rotu, like Christmas comes just often enough to make
it attractive.

,t- it i- it t it 1

Soft lights, music, llo\rers—«cliiuicronsl

WE PAID, NOW LET US DANCE
' DOWN WITH QUEEN CARE

A period of great stress and strain over, we emerge,
weak, lint apparently triumphant. Whether or tint our
metal proved strong enough to resist the acid lest of exami-
nations, we do not know, at least we try not to think of it.
.-\nd so we dance. laugh, make merry, all in a mad efforl
to forget, cover up our real ellltitlolls, and to show the
stern faced world we don't -are. isn’t this typi'al of tile
life of today? Strain, physical. mental. ntoral, and tlieit
jazz, head-splitting, life-giving jazz—something, anything
to divert, to relieve, and to cover up. Must we have this
camouflage, this outlet of our excess nervous energy which
has been accumulating drop by drop through those tense
weeks preceding and during exams? is this life? Are
we hut children, receiving from the capable hands of
Mother Nature a lesson which we will use again and again
iii our lives? [)r, are we merely carefree, fun-loving erezn
tltrcs, out for a good time, eudeavoring to claim our own
from the just, impartial hand of fate. who, seeing our past
energies and attempts, wishes in compensate us for what
in reality was nttr duty? llnt why compensate? Must the
scales always balance, gram for grant, ounce for ounce,
pound for pound?

"If you (lance, you must pay," said our grandsires.

"We paid, now let us dance," we reiterate with foolish
sincerity.

Come one, come all to the hnrial of Queen t'arc—llig
celebration~lJown with the fiend! ’l'rample her under
foot! Fire! bloodl death! destruction! Once this mali-
cious spirit is subdued—Calm! Rest! l‘eacel . . .

Oh! Foolish children! If you but knew how you are
deceived. This wiley witch will allow herself to hi: .allll-
merged only for a shorl time—she will lie low, ready at
the crucial time to strike. llet'are, lest in your frenzy to
make tip for your recent trials, you btit double your weak-
Hess and make yourself a fit prey for the tormcnts and
teasiugs of this treacherous Queen!

'l‘li.‘\(,‘lllil\’S' ( \ltl*‘.'l”."l-iS
' (From liostou 'l'ranscript)

“Applications for positions as teachers in the schools of
Lynn will not he considered if it is known that the candi-
dates smoke cigarettes. 'l‘his, at least, is the way iii which
matters stand at present, following a vote of the school
committee. 'At an earlier meeting the committee declined
to adopt a recommendation of Mayor llauer that teachers
who smoked should be dismissed. it is an interesting siltt<
Itiou. Apparently teachers who smoke, if they are already
holding positions, may continue to indulge in cigarettes,
but on teacher who smokes will train the young idea in
Lynn if the school couunittec knows the atvful truth.

' here arises a question of demand and supply. If the
Lynn rule were to he of wide application, would there be
enough of the non-smoking teachers to meet the demand?
The habit of cigarette smoking among young people may
be highly deplorable. There are a good many people who
think that it is. llut the indications are that it is wide:
spread. How many of the students in attendance at the
state normal schools are cigarette smokers in their own
homes? ’l‘o forbid smoking on the school premises is one
thing. To try to prevent it elsewhere is quite another.

t may also he said of the action in Lynn that it piitl
- premium on deception. The honest teacher, willing to
admit a fondness for the cigarette, is barred. The unscru-
pulous gets the job and smokes when not within the range
of the vigilant eyes of Lynn school connuitteemen, or
where children may be turned into tattlers. There is, of
course, new opportunity for the activities of Paul I’ry of
larger stature. And probably the sale of cigarettes in the
city of Lynn will not he diminished. It may he added tint
this article is not a defense of cigarette smoking by school-
ma'zuus. lt merely suggests that with a multitude. of young
people in the ranks of the stunkers it is not the easiest
task in the world to put the school teachers in a clan by

themselves."

 

   

 

Ilch Nays)

 

 

   scams: comma new economy 4,1927

LEGISLATION RESPECTING SALARIES FUTILE

Albany High school women teachers who allege that they
are bclng discriminated against because of their sex in thelr
salary in violation of the existing state law have made a
legal appeal to the state education department.

'l‘hese teachers and the hundreds of others who supported
the passage of the bill which made "equal pay for equal
work” mandatory throughout the state. were unquestionably
sincere. lint they have harmed the. pay situation more than
they have helped it. In general, the law has not raised the
salaries of Women teachers, Where it. is not being either
ignored or evaded, its result has been to lower the salaries
of the. men teachers rather than to raise those of the Women.

The law Is contrary to the economic principle of: supply
and demand. SllCll being trtte, its utility and advisability
are doubtful. Certainly no one will deny that Women
teachers have a right to all the pay they can obtain and no
one will deny them sympathy in well-chosen ways of got-
ting it. it is true that women often fill positions as well
or better titan men. But to legislate that any group must
receive as notch or less or more salary than any other is
undue interference into local control by the state.

In the end these teachers will find that anything that helps
raise any 'tenching salaries or to keep salaries raised will
react' to the good of the profession in general. hit that
has not been the result of the eqtial pay law.

 

 

COLLEGE MORALS, WHA'I' AGAIN?

Apparently going on the supposition that The Plastic
Age ropreseutml college as it really is, Liberty is con-
ducting a campaign to investigate the variety of charges
it alleges are lit-lug made against young men and women
in colleges. Following are examples of questions con-
taiin-d in a letter sent to various papers:

llave social ltllnit‘u at the college during the past two yiat‘s been
wet or dry

ls liquor rosy to gel on or near the cinnpun?

Have you noticed a change ill the altitude. of the
llll' social conventions?

What proportion of the girls of your acquaintance will t‘tttzllli"
in petting parties?

Again the question of the morals of college students
will be rehasln-d in the public print. . . . Such pub-
liclly will contain no fundamental criticism of our col-
lcges and universities, Nothing will he said of standard-
ization. Neither will it get at the real problems of
higher education, ruch as those of admittance and over
emphasis of athletics, problems that umlcrgradnalcs
themselves are trying to help solve. Likewise neither
will it indicate the inclination of many college students
to treat with disrespect cnnllnon "rah rah" tendencies,
and instead. by means of honors courses, etc., to place
greater emphasis on the fact that colleges primarily arr
institutions; of higher learning.

 

students toward

 

' It
STUDENTPRO TESTS, DIVINEDISCONTENT"
l-Invrou, 'l‘ur. News:

This t'ollrge is full of complaint. ttt'i‘ot‘ililltf to the two
letters of discontent in last week's News. [I is a natural
state of “divine tli't‘mlit'tlll"

The Y, W. t'. .t\. has been making futili- attempts at
starting a student forum, such as the large colleges have,
to represent stude ll opinions atiil activities, other than
literary and _journ' istic.

In placo ol such a forum. supported by student thought,
the student hotly oI our t'ollege prefers a multitude of life—
less clubs, supported by extracted dues. 'l‘hey groan be-
cause they nnlst attend the meetings, be bored, and yet
urged int by “tut toils" as one "'27" gracefully expre. s
II. (it course, there is the advantage of one's picture in
the l’etl!

In view of too ‘tllilt'll outside, useless activity, and lack of
sitt‘lttl culture. whnli the ocial "clubs" fail to produce, and
With the tunlcuiocrati rnrity method of selecting the
choseir lew to partake of what social cttlttu'c c. 't
can fail to st” that the way out is to abandon th
We should substitute lll place of them to: organized student
body, winch ‘thl push the "dorm." and represent student
acli‘vtty and interest ~stn'h as a student forum,

lh' , \vith liteiaty, and pntrnalistic, artistic and dra<
lllitilt‘, as well as religious representation. and a rcorganircrl
social hlc, State t'ollcge may and can, take her place lttlltnlt;
the “modern” t‘ollett's.

 

 

 

 

      
 

 
   

littltttTllY M, \\'.-vr'rs, ’28.

 

TEN YEARS AGO AT STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for Feb. 7, 1917

 

 

“The meeting of ('oliege (TIuh of January l2tlt was post-
poned, as the speaker. Professor York. was very anxious to
hear a lecture by Dr. Ii'nsdle. who was a former elassnutte
of his at Colgate. Professor York will speak at the next
meeting, the time of which t8“ he announced later.”

 

 

"(in Friday night State College will play one. of the t'as’.‘
est New England t'ollege teams. Springﬁeld, who will be
the opponent, recently was defeated by Dartmouth bv only
three points on llartiuonth's floor. Everybody slmn'hl are
this game."

___()__..~
"The College Department of II. E. will co-operate with
the Times—Union this week in furnishiur a judge. for the
letter writing t'ottlcs'. on pure foods for ionsewives of this
vicinity."

......()_..~
"All girls are delighted with the plan of the Girls A. A.
to hold another of the popular gym frolics. 'l'lie affair
planned is to be something like a country circus and all
members will come dresser] in a rural costume."

"The State College hockey team won its first game this

season on the Western avenue rink Saturday afternoon when
it defeated the National Hockey citih hy a score of 2 to I.”

Make Your Program
Attractive, Zajan
Says

llv llatrrna ZAJAN

 

ed the psyehrdoty
attendance at asselnh y.
l’nattractive pro
grains were cited
as another (tilﬁﬂllllc
‘ause‘ tor i to poor
attendance at punt
assemblies. ‘

()nr aitu is not
to provide an iti—
tort-sling program
lin‘ yntt. ii. In to
give you tune to
provi ' your own
program, to inter-
est yourselves.

A motion is al—
ways in order for
inlot'utal i s-
.sion on any sth
of interest to you as a group l‘t,‘l)l(‘5('lll‘
ing our (‘olh-ge. The chairman will do
her best to encourage argiinu-nts for both
s-idcs. You recall what s'ilislaclion you
derived from your discussion and action
in regard to the State Lion aiul in regard
to personal inmounceim-nts.

lliscttss the programs, what you can
do to make them llltIt’t' all'actit'c for
yourselves, what speakers or what inter
ests you would wish discussed by an
thovities. The, efforts of Executive
t'ouiieil will he directed toward helping
you obtain such authorities.

\\'t' shall discuss college politics in the
next issue of the Ni

Jolly Julia 1 Juggleis

'l‘hank find for the junior l‘rotul

it's something to talk about weeks in
advance.

lt's sonicwhere to go where they'll let a
dame dance,

Hoinouhere to wear something decent
for once,

ldtsl wm-lt~ we tllst‘ll..
of involuntary

   
   

flerthu annn

  

   

  

Somewhere that uou't smack of finals
and lluuits.

Somewhere to show off the latest in
men,

Or to meet a new uecktle and fall hard
again.

Lord. how [in tired of cightdens anti
such,

lt‘ed up on til'i'lllllllllllkvlllllt‘ll too much.

\\eary of movies with gangs of girls,

liill't'tl still with this plalict, however
whirls.

l crave high-hat. shill—any kiiul of a
rite

'l'hat costs inore'u ten cents, and you

n lave all iusi :,

(lit with goloshes, oxfords, \vool hose,

show me a few yards of silk; l‘ll wcar
CLOTHES.

Just give the [french heels and oh, boy,
how I kick! '

t‘an l (‘harlcstoui lust listen; you'll
hear my knees click.

.\nd the man—any kind of a long will

     

‘ sun, the

So long as it won't say “'l'hat means a
flat in."

{lily/lung younger'n the youngest prof
Iere,

:fllj’fltttl'l’ with feet, and a tune in his
ea'

ld ask the home man httt he hasn‘t a
tux

\ud the others i know look good dressed
l\ln \ht '.

 

new ('ollar ,\ll--~‘l)lll he‘d

V say “so long"

“llt'll my, friend—in my clothesmcame

_ floating along.

hurc, l’ve loaned all my arnunir except
some rouge,

So Hi just wc' '

‘ goodsnooxe.

(lolly, no, l'm not going to l'rom~~-l'd

H disgrace

lhe whole college and bust up the placi-

lite way I feel nnw~onc semester all
done!

llesidcs l'm stone broke—dust haven't

H the mon.

lake my warpaint? Sure lhiitg=-CInsc
the door when you go

And. leave ten cents husfarcwl'll lake
in a show.

 

a lhtsh and go lake a

t'heycr up Juniors, don't feel blue

l'nmnr I'rom has come for you,

hophs' soirec, and seniors' ball

\lhy Junior 'l’rotn outshines them all.
in cheer up, juniors, don’t feel gltlm.

lo li~~ with exams, for l‘roln has come!

epping out to l'ront
5hr was more than passing fair,

 

.'\ “peat-b" w:

 

 

lhe “Mind,” she took tell hard for her,
So the ‘peaeh" is half a “pair.”

    

 

 

Advance Prom Tlp
“till, llr. 'l'urble, l'ut just awfully
del'ghted to think i have this danci-

with you, llig have men are ﬁt) vit:~_\'
to idolize. Weren't you selected fur
fullback on the .'\ll-.I\nn'rn'an lltis
year? You Weren't? i thought it
was you? Oh it was Mr. Worse.
You say. . . . you almost won
the croquet tournament? (,ihl"

"l'm so glad you cut in Mr.»- .\[e.-.
Mr. oh, yes. of course. Mr. Shop,
or rather. M‘r. i.iinp, llow sillpld of
me, i do illlltl't' dancing with you,
llig brave men are so easyu

--.'|“|'-.e
BASKETBALL CATCHERS
HA. HA, lilihlli!

(Io-rd: \\'has that?
l'layer: 'i'liat's a basketball net.
(’o-t-il: is it hard to catch them?

_..'r'|‘.,.
NOBLE YOUTH

“ch. Dad. you may have the car
tonight," said the son, generously, to
his parent.

.. .’|“|‘ W
TWO TRUE
You were out ‘ncath the stars and the
big round moon,

When the sky was sharp and clear.

And the motor purred a soft, low
croon
For the listening trees to hear.

1:) 'dt )1! lit 7?!
There at your side, behind the wheel,
Sat the lad who ranked ace high.
Sure he did. and you told him so:
And, boy, what an awful lie!
«smut
NO MORE WORRYIN'

lx'iud professor disseminating {nil-1'
llllllitttt on the contents of the t'.\-‘llll
it Would he Well to learn all fit Mi
Illtliw Kiri-II ttt class and all lllll'>llltllv
tilM'll ttll Illt: test, You are aim lulvl
responshh- tor the readings a~~iuued

 

and an) outside rel: 'nci-s noted dui
ug the year. There i» no cause fut
\vorry.“
 .
WISE WINKS
In Elizabethan English, “to w'nk”

meant to close your eyes and keep
them closed; in modern days, "to
Wink" means-—well, you know what
you mean—you li'l rascal!

> .|.. ._

Last snappy snarl—If we don't get

by it'll hc~—for cryin' out loud.

Jolly Junior Jugglers

"ft" l’lt’(i.\l l"tll\'.\ll l..\

.\loltvy
l'hdln‘s llorrnu‘ed
Men
.I. «7 It good lion
lhdks ‘
l"l'ii'lt!ls .‘s‘oi‘ron cil
Men

\\'l‘l.v\'l‘.’l‘llli‘. ’I‘E\ iiTxi‘i-i \\'ll,l. no
(at ~ho State ('ollege is no loiteei‘

n ' all the little "dens"
H'v young to he stilffn.

BLIND JOKES

llant——.r\ girl may go to l'roin “blind.”
but she'll soon see.
Cy -\.-—\"t-s. then she'll have a lllt'illll or
I nit, uniai'c,
l.

“Well,” sighed the head of the State
institution for the lllind, “(inist we'll
lime to make additions to this buildiinu
i heard a hunch of those State t'olli-pv
students say that they are ‘ttofllfl. “limb”,

lid that. \vonian conu- "blind."
'o, she's a chaperone.

\_Vall~-Arc you going blind to l'roni"
,l'lutv'ci'ml puess so, I can't see drar
ping Ilmunie.

 

 

 

J.

1

 

  

'l‘iin
'l int

 

