 

4

MATERNITY PLANS
ANNIVERSARY EVENT

Kappa Delta Rho Established
Gamma Chapter At Stats
June 10. 1915

HAS THIRTEEN CHAPTERS
Dr. BrubaohOr And Professor

Saylos Wars Sponsors
Of lnstallatlon

 

 

 

Gamma chapter of Kappa Delta Rho
fraternity will observe its twelfth birth-
day anniversary on June l0. ’l‘lic chap-
ter, which is the third oldest in the fra-
ternity, was installed at State College
on June 10, 1915. It was tlte lll‘Sl na-
tional Greek letter society here and re-
mains the only national fraternity at
State.

President A. l\'. Ilrubachci' and I'm-
lessor John M. Sayles, director of prac-
tice teaching and principal of the Milne
High school, were sponsors of tlie lll-
stallation.

The charter members we ’: class of
1016, (icnrge Cooper, Jacu ~ Horowitz,
John F. McNeill. Sylvester J. Maguirc,
Raymond ’1‘. O’Connell; class of l‘)l7,
Reinhard /\. Hohaus, James I\. \\'alker;
class of l918. Arthur Burns, John I’.
tirehan. .‘tlfred lledicke, Ralph bloody,
Dewitt 'l‘ownscnd, Raymond 'l'ownsend,
Joseph .‘\. Walker”

H. .-\. Screry, Mnldlebtu'y college, ~0‘),
spoke at the installation. Raymond ’1‘.
O'Connell was toastmastcr. 'l‘lie instal-
lalion committee comprised I\lr. S‘cvery
and Arthur M. ()ttmau. both ot the
Alpha chapter at Middlebury, atid the
following of the lit-ta chapter at ('or-
itell unive 'ity LI. 'l‘. llonck. '15: M.
L'arclton, 83 ii. llonck, '17; C. A.
'l‘hompson. ‘l7. .\lr. Uttinau, who ’lives
at Schenectady, is now national presulent
of the fraternity. ‘

The present active chapter comprises

 

5:

 

   

twenty-four upperclassim-n and six
freslittiaii pledge members.
' active members are: seniors.

l'ltc
William J. L'larke, .-\. Reginald Dixon,
Kent I'ease, Edwin \"an lx'lceck; juniors,
Harry E. llriggs, t'alviii W. Coehraue,
Harold M. tfronnse, (iilbert l2. (ianong,
Howard L. int, Francis l-I. firiftin.
Richard A. Jensen, t'larence l.. Nephew.
Ralph J. Stanley: sophomores, 'an (i.
Campbell, (2. LaVerne Farr, Thomas P.
liallon, William M. lirench. thl'llll if.
l‘lerney. Hermann l.. Koeruer. Robert
J. Shillinglaw, l\’cgiualil Stanlioptv, (lor-
tlon l7. Stevenson, Roy V, Sullivan, The
freshman pledges are: \\'ard l". Cole,
Fred W. Crumb, 'l‘homas llt'l‘llt‘)’, ll.
Ellsworth Kirtlanil. (ieorgc \\1 Taylor,
Rudolph l\'. \\‘urtli.

'l‘he fraternity now has thirtt-cii under-
graduate chapters. scattered from t'olby
college, \\’atervillc. Maine, to the Uni-
versity of t.'alifornia. The chapters are:
Alpha at Illiddlelinry; lit-ta, ('ornell imi-
versity; (lamina, 9 ' lipsilou.
Franklin College: , l 5 no; lita.
University of lllinois; 'l'lieta. l’urdue
university; Iota, liucknell university;
Kappa, Uliio State university; Lambda,
University of l'alifornia; Mu, University
of Michigan; .\'n, l.’iii\'e sily of ludiana;
Xi, Colby college. There are I
alumni chapters in New York city, t
cage). lndiauapolis and San Francisco.

KENNEDY FINDS RECIPE
To “coo " A TEACHER

“How to Cook a Teacher" is the
title of a selection clipped by \Villiam
G. Kennedy, assistant professor o
chemistry, from the Journal of Chem-
ical Education. it reads:

"Select a young. strong anti pleasing
personality: trim off all mannerisms
of voice. dress, or department; pour
over it a mixture of equal parts of the
wisdom of Solomon, the courage of
the young David, the strength of Sam-
son. and the patience of Job; so son
with the salt of experience, the pepper
of animation, the oil of sympathy, and
a dash of humor; stew for about 3
hours in a hot class room, sing
occasionally with the fork of criticism
thrust in by a principal or superin-
tendent. When done to a turn, gar«
nish with a small salary and serve red
hot to the community."

   

 

 

 

HERODOTUS'HAS KEYS

Herodotus club members are wearin
larg- oblong gold keys with black enamel
inlays on which the name of the club
appears in gold. The club was organ-
ized early in the first semester. A
limited number of students having honor
averages in history are eligible to Illt'lll-
bership,

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 1 '1, 1,927

 

li'thel llttl'mis, '37. who placed iirs
lctic association gymnasium tllt't'l. Inv
Miss llullois scored thirty-six and ti
thirty-six and one-quarter points. Las
Miss iiiiltois will play will. the gir
in its game with the women faculty t

CHAMP ATHLETE WHO PLAYS TOMORROW

 

Courtesy [\llumy I 0mm: News

l in individual scoring in the (iirls' Ath-

t-lyn (iravvs. '1‘). who placed second.
irvc~rptartcvs points and Miss (iravrs
t yt ‘ liss (iravcs won.
ls ti-nnt
eniu.

 

basketball tomorrow

. tty

 

Educators Welcoming Brubaclier’s New Book;

Need More Married We

are regarding l‘rt-sidcnt
;\. l\'. iiruluicbcr's new book, "'l'eaeh-
ing: and l'i'acticc,” as an
entirely l'rcsli treatment of the most im-
poriant educational subjects which are
the cviitcrs of controversy in .\mci'lca
today.

Such topics arr included as the "equal
pay for equal work" slogan which is
now the subject of controversy between
souiv teachers of Albany and the city
board of education; the general question
of salaries; the nmcb discussed subject
if teacher tenure; the whole subject of
academic freedom. which has bee
brought into the public rye again by the
t" t in the famed Scopes "nionkt-y
; "non-profes' ' in
school :il'f' s, the siilions clfort" to
carry propaganda into the public school,
the question of religious teaching by the
public schools which is beingr debated
throughout the country .it the present
time, and whether married women teach-
ci's should be employed.

The book in gei ~ral is given to a con-
sideration of qualifications of teaching to
be considered as a profession, why pill)-
lic, opinion has been slow in recognizing
lllt‘ teacher's profe sional status ind how
the her may g. n for himself and
his associates the prestige that is their
due.

it is lir. llrubacher's view that “we
iinpnvi-rish our profession by ting out
the woman teacher who ma .. lly .
doing. we limit lllt‘ profession largely to
young women who have not yet formed
life, interests, to whom teaching is not
a life purpose, The war has opt-nod the
way to a solution by showing us the
\'illllt' of the married woman teacher.
Society 'is becoming ' . e of this pro-
fessional wastage and will soon use this
asst-i to fiili advantage.”

'l‘wo of tli 'onditious which tend to
retard prof oual progress, lh'. llru-
haclicr find are the ts that “salaries
are poorly distrihutcd' anil are inade-
quate, and that “social rewards are in-
adequate and tmintclligent." “'l'he pro-
ft-ssion has become too feminine,” he
says. “'l‘lie solution is not to be sought
iti reducing the nninber of wonn-n teach-
th'S, but in making conditions favorable
to attract men into the profc. ion. We
must make it economically possdile for

l'Iiliti'atoi's

l’riifcssiiui

    

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

.n

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

men Teachers, He Says

liducatioii series, one of the best known
collections of books on educational sub-
jet‘ts. llr. llrubaclnir's book. his intro-
duction says, tries to sct' the principal
problems before the teaching world gen,
ci'ally and to seek an itlhltt't' to them.
The book is t‘tilhltlt‘l't'tl unique in that
it undertakes an analysis of the teach-
ing profession from points of view
hithcrto neglected and surveys the llt'ltl
in general.

"l'iducation is so largely a part of our
Cltll life and has such large signiﬁcance
for the and moral life of our
people that the duality and the personnel
of tin: education staff is one of the ntnsr
Important concerns of our democracy,“
llr. lli'uliaclicr says in his introdiu‘tion.
“ l'hc people do not generally realize this,
and the teachers themselves are inclined
to underestimate their value to society.
lhc educational stall has no arrogance,
(hi l-llt'.CtIllll‘.'tl‘_)" It has been almost ab-
Jcct in Its lltllttllll) I little, self assur-
mice have [cache :1 group that they
have been bulfelcd about by those who
hold the power of purse. 'l'eacht-rs have
had no .' among the mighty in slate
and ' pal politics. have not evt-u
asked tor places as doorkecper in the
house ol those who apportion the pliblic
moneys, but have met-ltiy acceplcd their
meager allowance.

“llu- teacher has sometimes et‘t'll de-
nted Iii identity, bring ashamcd to be
I‘ccoiuim-d as a teacher. He has not been
ashamed ot his work, but ashamed of
the t‘l‘ttll. l'oor lll worldly goods and
thercloie poorly dressed and often
poorly- housed, he and more often, she,
has l)t't'll aliasht'd before those who Could
keep pace with the modes of the world.

" It" greatest and most immediate
IIL't'tl ot lt clicrs as a group is correct
sell appr il, \lhat place may be hold
in the scheme oi things: is his work
to be compared with that of the artisan
or that ol the artist? Is his service
comparable to that oi the mecliauician
or to that oi the scientist? ls teaching
an occupation, it pill or a profcs ion?

"in making tins appr; sal of his work,
he must Iorniulatc a definition for the
probable category into which his work
will tall, and tlictt proceed to show it is
lllt' correct classification, 'l‘liat is, what
is a profession! and, has the teaching

social

   

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

a man to teach aml maintain a family at
lllt‘ same time."
The book is published in the Century

seriit‘t' tllt‘ Clittt‘at'lcristltrs of It profes-
sion?

 

 

MORALS 0F MODERN
GIRL ARE DISCUSSED
BY DEANS OF WOMEN

.\loral conditions of the modern col-
lcgc girl and the attendance of girls at
athletic events were discussed at the uo~
tioiiul convention of the deans of women
III Ilallas, " ', last week-cud. licau
Anna IC. i’icrrc has l‘cltlt'lit'tl from the
(‘lllll't‘l'L'lll'tﬂ

t'ollivge iii-ads declared the most seri-
ous problem of the girl so far as schools
arc coin-crucd is lllt' “inferiority complex
and thc absolute dependency upon otlwrs.
’l'hcy said girls come to college from
home where they have been taught notil~
im; of solf-ilcpeudi-ncc, and as a result
llwy must depend upon others iIi school.
The [earlth said there is but one way
to wire the problem, and that Is to let
lllt‘ girl “learn to do by doing.’

"lltv exploitation of girls to swell
gati- rt-ct-ipts III allilctic t-tcnts" was de‘
:unulcwl. 'l‘lic deans were not oppi cd
in :itlili'lii'~. in the schools and ('tlllt,
'iut said the teachers and lllt' school
illiciuls should put a stop to exploiting
girls to swcll 'tc receipts at toolball
games, buscball mics. tr | find ltt'ltl
events and other aililvli activities. 'llic
tlt'tth declared this lil‘ilt‘lll‘l' on the part
if athletic illt'ct‘liit's has grown in lhc
past fvw years aiul detrimental to the
uclfarv of lllt‘ girls and lo the reputa-
llutts of the school.

ORDER Tail REES FROM
PRINTER, EDITOR SAYS

Seven liuudrcd mph-- of the 1027
I‘vdtigriuuc has llt't‘ll Iiri ci‘cd. Itvvin'd
inn to .\|is~ t'onstant‘c ltumnaun. t'tll
(or in t‘ltlt‘l.

.ll~s tainuann has also :utnouncml
tlinl llll‘ vcar book will go to pi‘vss
.\pril I. Nearly all of the senior
write-ups arc in as wcll as must of llll'
otln-r data. "he l’cd will have a

 

 

 

     

 

 

  

 

nutrition ASKED
BY Mitts "attains

T ro u pe To Make Appearance
Aprll 23 For Athletic
Field Fund

 

The newly organi -d nicn‘s Illlll'
strcl troupe has applied to i\|_vsk'inia
for recognition as n ('ollrge ot'gaiuza‘

  

lion. according to Robert J. Shilling“
law, '3‘), pii drnt.
'l'lic troupes name has been ap-

proved by President \, lt’. llrnlniclicl‘.
Inn it will llt' kept st- 't'l niitil March

' 'I‘he initials art-  '. 'I‘."
'l‘ltc lil's‘l pt'csi'tltallotl will he April
..i. 'l‘ln'i-t- acts will be in charge of
Michael ’l'cpcdiiiti. '3‘). Si-ri'ral solo
tnunlici's, ducts, and the usual line of
cud incn _l||lt'(',‘i will be given. :\ short
comedy will also be presented.

"liy an :igri-euicnt with lh'. lit’ll-
hziclivr. we will t‘Xt'lllllt' :ill suggestive
or obscene iiialvrinl.” Slnliinglaw i-.\'-
plaiiivd.

. -gotiations We being carried on
for appoinlnu-uts with \\-'.'itcrvlict
lligli \t'lltml. lllt‘ Men's club of [be
him I'i‘csbytci'ian church of It'i'ns~
st‘lttt‘l‘, and other organizations.

" ' (‘lt‘t‘ll‘tl arc: Robert J.

 

 

u

 

 

   

'3'), president: ,.'\t'vid
liurkc. . vu e-prrsidcnt; (‘liutim
\\';ill\vorlt', '3". «euro Randolph

   
 

tarv:
Spragur, ‘1‘), trvasur ' \\'illiaiii (i.
l\'t‘llllt‘llll', assistant pI'Iil ssiir of t'llt'lll-
inlry. will In- lllt' director. 'l'. i
it \ |l t'andlyn will be music director,
llavis Sliulti's, 'JN, has been elected
orchestra director.

'l‘lit- music couiniitti-c is: ('lintou
\\'allwork '2‘}. cliait'iiiau: ll:i\i~. Shul-
lcs, 'JH. and lil‘tll'll't‘ ' “ 'l'hi'

 

 

i_v|or, .itl.
t‘riwllllllt' l'llllllllllll‘t' is .\|i|ttin (‘i‘ounsi-,
'3" Richard _lt'l|~t‘ll, L8, and litil‘lltill
. tcwn-aui. 'J‘).
' arc now on sale and if a
large t-iiougb niiinln-r arc will. llll'
l'l't'-t'lll.|lllltl will In- gin-n two lllttllls.
'l'liv proceeds will be contributed to

 

 

larger snap-shirt departniviit this ycai‘.

 

SERVlCE IN THE

 

CLOTHES '-

Ready-math
And Out to Ordar

ESTABLISHED ENGLISH UNIVERSITY

STYLES, TAILORED OVER YOUTHFUL
CHARTS SOLELY FOR DISTINGUISHED

 

(Ilhurter ilmnze

Suits and Topooats

‘40, ‘45, ‘50

lllt' :illili-iic ‘n-ld I'uuil.

      
  
 

 

 
   
 

UNITED STATES.

’I
rilll

    
 

 

    
 

av SPECIAL APPoIIvTM NTT
nun STORE Is rm:

OF ALBANY.

The character of the suits and

overcoats tailored

by Charter House

will earn your most sincere liking.

Steefel Brothers

 

 

