 

2

State College News

Esraeusnsu Itv no: CLASS or 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New Yer
State College for 'l‘erIchera _
THE NEWS BOARD ' _ '
Eltwm VAN Kwecn. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Edttor-uI-Chtef
Kappa Delta Rho House, \Vest 431.4
Home: ZIIuMnRMAN. . . . . . . . .  . . . ..Bi sores; Manager
868 Madison Avenue. West ttm- . _
VIRGINIA HlGGlNS........ ...............lhauajemg Editor
“30 Washington Avenue, West 2 98- _ ,
SARA BARKLEY-.u .......,..A.rsacmtr Managing EdItar
59 So. Lake Avenue. West 1695:] .
THELMA TEMPLE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Subscription Manager
Psi Gannon l’lotlsc, West 2752

 

 

 

Entrons
JULIA FAV. '27
Loutsn l). Conn, ‘27
Ent'rons
Lam VAN ScIIAlCK, ’28
Done-rut! \Vn'r'rs, '28
Remnants
Ross Dunskv, '29
MOLLIE KAUFMAN, '29
' Mar Kmvza. ’29
Knumn ‘ouonrv, '28 Hammer: Kent, '29
Rum FLANAGAN, '28 ticssta LAPEDES. '29
'28 LlIhENIt Mucus, ’29
on, ’28 l-ZLIz/mm-II Pow", '
Gn-rsun: BIASLOW, ‘29 Canouns SCIILBICII, '29

Scam“ AssocI/nr.
KATHARINE Bums. '27
'i‘uctm L, ﬂnczn, ’27
Junton Assocu’re
AocLAInc HoLLIsrn. '28
Mutt JUDITH Lananon, ’28

RUTII It. McNu-r-r. '27
Kzur Puss, '27
Mason” have“, '27
lien-us 2A AN '

Venn BELLE \VcLLon, '29
Assts’rANT flusmcss AlANAﬂiiltS
Enwm L. ansn, '27 Donn-rm HANDLON, '27
THOMAS P. l-‘IthN, ’29 /\NNE Home“), '28‘
lv‘uncts E, Glll‘l‘lN. '28 MILmum Lanswv, 29
Kin-unions SAXTON, ‘
Rurn Keener, Assistant Subscription. hiannger
SARA ll/uttuaav, Director of News Wrttmg Class
WILLIAM l\I. FRENCH, Desk lidunr
l'res dent, News Club; ltu'rn Moons Vlcc-

TnamtA L. ll '
Sceretnry- ['reasurer

. an: .c. I
l'resIchIt; ANN: H'ravtmnn,’2li,

Published every Friday in the college year by theﬁditorial Board
representing the Student Assoetatlun. SillJSCi‘lplloll, $3.00 on
year, sin le copies, ten cen Dehvered anywhere In the United
States. I .mered as second c .. matter at postnfl'tce. Albany, N. Y.

 

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments ex Iressed in

contributions, No communications will be printed unless tie writers'

names are left witll the Editor-In-Chief of the News. Anonymity
will be preserved if so (IsIrcd.

l’ntsrno av t‘llLl.S Anr Pncss. 194496 Broadway

Friday, March it, l927 Vol. XI, No. 24
MYSKANIA'S BIRTHDAY

Probably no other College organization is the subject of
so much discussion, so much comment and so much praisc
anti criticism as Myskania, the senior honor society, which
will celebrate its tenth birthday anniversary in the spring.
The organization was borne otIt of the College’s need for a
hotly whch student leadership might mass itself in the
solution of student problems. it was crcnlcd to give slu-
dcnts another voice in their own education. to he the expres‘
sion of the best undergrtuluntc thought and effort.

Since its organization the method of winding ncw mem—
bers has changed from time to time. Originally picked by
the faculty, Myskania is now chosen entirely by students.
The president of the student association is an cx-oliicio
member, the only student whose oliicc entitles him to mem-
bership. No rule of any kind exists that any other ofiicc
carries with it the assurance of selection to the cottncil. No
unbroken precedent, even, exists that any student position,
except the association presidency, is a sure indication that
its holder will "make" Myskania. Two other members are
picked by the student body. The remaining eight, nine or
ten are the choice of the retiring Myskania.

The actual powt r of the body is little, but its inﬂuence is
felt in every student activity anti in every phase of College
lifc. Usually—it night even be said nearly always—its in-
fluence ts tor the better conduct of student affaIrs. ltlmakcr
mistakes, hkc other organizattons, and when It does It gets
critiCIsm, as It deserves, as (lticslztily other organtzatton.

It maintanis a sccrccy regardtng most oi Its affairs, not
for the purpose of crcattng any barrIcr. but to prevent the
spread of false notions regarding Its (lotus-Ions and work.
For the same reasons it does not allow the nlentuy of ill
ofﬁcers, 'if it has any, to become knowu. For the same
reasons It does not even let unhvnlual members conduct Its
correspondence. “.\1yskania,”‘ not the name of any student,
is the signature on all Its oftIcIal papers.

At no tIme are liS ucttvittes followed 'with .closcr interest
than in May when the two tor the sclcctIoII ot its successors
draws near. The task of taking eleven or twelve or thirteen
students and labelling them “outstanthng” is one to challenge
tlyphcst effort of any group. lit would he absurd to expect
'that mistakes, both of omissmn and commission, are not
sometimes made. [its never possible, or at least thus far it
has never been posstbie, to make a selection to meet with
the approval of everyone.‘

But the stttdcut body Is to he Congratulatcd on the un»
dentablc fact that never has any snggcstvu: of influence
been cast upon the solectton of a new Myskanta. Mistakes,
everyone has said, maydtavc occasionally occurred, but never
through the manxpulatton of the petty campus politics and
Intramural crIrrIIptIons that disgrace stmdar selections in
some colleges. '1 ins alone Is an aclncvcmcnt of which State
can be proud.

 

THE DOCTOR‘S DEGREE “FETlSl-i"
(From the Chrinilun Science Monitor)

If any group or convention of teachers can be expected
to give an authoritative opinion along the line of educational
ideals, the American Association of University Professors
might justiﬁably lay claim to being such an one. Hence
when a speaker before a meeting of this association in
Philadelphia stated that the principal aim of teaching should
be to train the student for a task which fits his potential
abilities so far as they can be determined, it is reasonable to
believe that his vicw was one that coincided with the ac-
cepted ideas of those present. And when one finds another
Ipcaker regretting the fact that the desire for a doctor's
degree amounts almost to a fetish, the earning of which
along prescribed lines eliminates initiative and independence
of thought, it would seem to be time that deﬁnite steps were
taken to correct this condition and to rc-cstahlish a more
salutary state of affairs.

It is heartily to be deplored, indeed, that as these edu-
cators see the situation, many students are continuing their
work solely with the view of learning a subject sufﬁciently

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS;L MARCH 11, 1927

“Privilege To Represent State College”
At Australian Universit  Mrs. Messent

Well to teach it to others, without any idea of mental ex-
pttusion along other lines. Education that produces no bet-
ter results than this is not worthy-of the ntnne. And the cou-
tention of H. E. .l-htwkes, dean of Columbia College, as re-
ferred to above. relittiyeto the principal aim of teaching,
assumes a larger signiﬁcance, because it means that it to
becoming increasingly recognized that the value of ctlliCit~
tion must be measured by Its strict practicality and useful-
ness, and not h' any spccious appearance or pretended
worth.

If one fact stands out definitely in education as taking
form more anti more as a contribution to twentieth century
ideas it is that. to be worth while, education must he did
I'cctcd toward a speciﬁc attainment. The day is past when
book knowledge, as such was looked up to as something of
great intrinsic value. ’l‘hc effort of today is to enforce
that aspect of education which makes those studying see.
that they must gain a grasp on their subjects which will
render them independent masters thereof. The distinction
is being drawn, as never before, bcthen theory and prac-
ticc. It is being found that the former is often of but little
value unless it bears fruit in the latter. The World is awak-
ening to a larger idea than it has had of the necessity of
training students to a basic soundness of judgment. And
perhaps the lines of Cowper have an application today that
even their author hardly realized when he wrote in "The
Task”:

Knowledge and Wisdom, for from being ouc,
Have I ii 4 no connexion. Knowledge dwells
in [tends replete with thoughts of other men,
Wisdom in minds attentive to their own, . . .
Knowledge is proud that he has lcnt‘u’d so much,
Wisdomds humble that he knows no more.

 

   

 

 

“SILVER FOREST” HAS [TS MURDER;
“ADAE” TRANSALATED lNTO ENGLISH

 

 

The Silver liol'rrl, lly lien Antes Williams. 255 pp,
New York: llutton.

“The Silver Forest" is a mystery story which begins with
a situation not unlike that in many others of its kind. A
group of seven persons from New York titty til't' snowed in
in a hunting lodge in thc Miilllt' woods, tln- silvct' forest.
The compulsion to amuse lht-Insrll'cs gt'ls gradually on lhcir
nerves, and they get on i'ilt‘ll othcrs‘ nerves. l’c" mal uunr-
I‘els develop. as the tension increase. and nerves snap under
the strain. Then, in the middle of lllt' night. a Inurdrr is
committed. The problem before lllt' "x other: is to lind
which of them, if It is out- of them, kilh-d the seventh. All
of this. cyccpt the selling, is, of course, regulation mysicry<
story ' The value of this title is in the tlcvclopntvtll of
the solution of the mystery, which is done liitll’t' plausibly
than is common.

 

 

 

 

.llol‘y C/trirlmnx. lly Mary lillt-n t‘bast'. $l.5ll, l-l.’ pp.
Boston: l.lillt‘. lh‘own.

As di “rent, almost. " it might be front "The Silver
Forest" Is "Mary titrisllnns.’l lt trls of an Armenian
woman pcddlcr, a passionate and beautiful member of llt'i'
race, and of her annual pilgrinunagc along the 'tSl roads of:

laine, “from the driitulg of apple blossoms III curly lune
to the falling of the lcnvcs in late ticiobt-v." ’l'hc slm‘v,
told with unusual beauty, is of how Mary Christntns‘ lift-
touched that of Mr. W 'tcutt aml his fa Ilily. to whom she
became a symbol of "far-olT thing. ' "in-rt- is humor uni
insight in the telling. and reality which luvs-punks llr. t‘hastv‘s
knowledge of her place and people.

     

 

    

 

’f'ltc tlfodt'rn ll'rftrr. liy Sherwood .\llllt'l',~t|ll.
San Francisco: l.illilt't‘ll l’rvss,

This little monograph on modrru literature—nuIre accur-
ately on Inodcrn “ﬁling—4s another |'\lfll‘IlL‘t' that .souu'
good things or? published west of the I\‘ 'sippi. .\lr.
Anderson's cxperirnvv tells hint. llt‘ informs u ' i
not very strange that we in Amct‘ictt have llL'L'll a long time
coming to the beginning of soon-thing like :I Ilional ‘lllt‘l'il-
lure." "Nations," ill from. "are not made in a short time
litnc and we Amer Is have been trying to make l'illllt‘l' a
large nation." llt' finds that in America the wriirr's I‘cal
reward hcs oftcn inst in the work itself and warns that
“ti you cannot get It there. you will not get it at all." It
need hardly be said that Mr. Anderson's opinion on this
subject is worth reading.

'ivl pp.

  

r

 

 

 

 

.dtfrlm. 'l'ral "it‘ll by Iidward Noble Stone. 103 pp.
Scuttle: lhtivcrstly of \\’ashington l’I't-ss.

“Adam” is l’roi'v 'or Stones ll‘itiioltillttll into Ilish
verse of tlic Norman—French \'t sion of the religious play
of the twelfth century, known also as the "lt't'IvI'ot'xt'uInlfo
Ildor” anti "/.t' .l/Ivrlt'n‘ t/'/ltftIIII.” It is in three parts,
"Adam ami live," "thin and Abel" and the “l‘roct .'
I’I'ophctartun." The play is published as a part of thc '
versin of \\':Ishington's publications in language and litera-
turc.

 

 

 

 

 

TEN YEARS AGO AT STATE COLLEGE
From the ﬁles of the News for March 8, 1917

 

 

“A movement was launched at a meeting attended by all
the men of State College last Friday morning, which prom—
iscs to bring there a permanent and recognized military
company. on the plan of those organized at various other
American colleges."

"The Milne   tcam gave their faculty team a big
surprise by holding it to a score of l‘) to in a game
played last \\'edncsday afternoon in tbc ('ollcge gym.”

“Miss Louise Grant, who spoke on the Women Suffrage
movemcnt before the College club last Friday afternoon.
called attention to the rapid strides the movement had made
m the western part of the Union, and. in fact, all over the
United States anti Canada."

"Dr. Moldcnhzuvcr will present the fourth lecture of his
series of thc "Revelations" at tho regular meeting of
Y. W. (, A. Wednesday afternoon.”

 

BULLETIN

The Dramatic and Art association yesterday an-
nounced the engagement of Louise Closaer Hale,
actress and lecturer, to give a lecture next Friday
evening.

 

At the. ‘lubilee celebration of the Uni-
versity of Adelaide of South Australia,
State tiollcge was represented by Mrs.
liuuice lilt‘c Mt. ut. .

Mrs. N s: at is a graduate of, slate
L'ollcgc in the .‘ of '23, and was laug-
iisl critic in Milne High school for
scv a! years.

President A. It. ilrnbachcr has rc~
wired the following lctlcrtfrotu Mrs,
Mcsscnt:

‘l.)cav l‘rcsitlcnt llrulutcher, ‘

The University jubilee, celebrations
have come and gone. The qultvcrstmonc
on Saturday evening, August H, was the
most pretentious, hcst organized, most
interesting function i have ever attended,
within or without tI'adeInic life. To ll,
‘llis Excellency the (ioverunr of South
Australia, Sir (icoi'gc ’l‘om Malsswortlt
lridgcs, K. (2 ll., K. (i. M. (.i., l). S. 0,,
Visitor of the University," all high gov—
ernment ollicinls, big public men in all
fields, stuff of the university, drlcgalt-s
of other IIIIivt-rsitn the graduates
of Adelaide were invited.

"At all Australian social cycuiugs
there is supper. At lllt' ('onvcr l/.ltlllt! it
was served in a big tvnt. 'l‘ltc favorite
\vintcr llowrrs llt‘l‘t‘ art- lilt' lt‘l’liillll
poppy, \vhitc lily, I'rtlil blossoms, carna-
lions and snap dragons, All these and
more filled the refreshment lent. the halls
and t'ovcvcd ways. The Australian is
a great lover of flowers,

"All this was on Saturday night. flu
Sunday aflrnoou at the t'hurch of lint,-
llill'l l‘olht'dl'al a 'l‘hnuksgiving service
was held. The i‘alln-dral is llt‘iitlllllll
in itself, situated on a hill overlooking
lhc viiy,

COLLEGE BRIEFS

The written examinations for oral
:rcdil in l“|‘i'llL‘ll, Herman and Spanish
will ht- hclti llt',\'l Friday allrrnoou from
l:|5 to »l The vyalnhuitions
ll't' given by thc state education dcpurt~
“Will and must be taken by any prospec-
.ivc tcavhvvs planning to lvavh modern
illll-lllilL‘l' in NW high schools of the stair.

 

 

x
r:

 
 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

ti'cltlt‘k.

Exhibit Books in Co-op

liooke illustrating the coursi- in chlld
Jarv and training. given by |‘I‘olt'~sol'
lilorrnct- Ii. \\'invhvll, brad of lllt' hotnv
‘(‘tlll(lilllt'.\ department, art- on exhibition
'n the t'wop, .\ special whihitiou of
will hr nutdr at the round
March 34v.

 

ilusr llilt '
lablr vouivrrtn‘v Saturday,

Risley Gives Extension Course

llr, .\dnn \\'. lil<lt')’. head of the hi-.
lu'y tlI-partmrnt, is giving an rxtt-nsion
,Itttl'st‘ in tin» study of biography of
American stnlt-uIIvII and ll’Ittlt‘I‘h :II
Scln-m-clmly.

Club to Have Spectal Meeting

The .\i.'ttbcnnttit'~; club will conduct
sprt‘itll met-ting ’l'hursday afternoon at
l o'clock in room I! In celebrate the
birthday of Sir lm'iilC Newton, ftttitolls
scit'llilsl. Refreshments will be. served.
it'nth Maynard, '17, club president, hm
announced.

I

At Law Enforcement Dinner

.\li.~~ Anna l".. l’it-I'cr, drzm of \votncu.
nnl lt‘ll junior and ten senior girls at-
lt-nded thr law cilfol‘ccllit'lil dinner and
conferenci- :It the Hotel ’l't‘n liyvk 'l'ncs-
:lay evening. The gucsts
tentative university “omen.
Discuss Mexican Relations

The l‘t‘lilllullS of the Ultich State» with
Alt-xitto and ('hina were discussed :It a
punl meeting of the Y. W. C A. forum
and lilt' l'olitical Scicncu club \\'cdnes~
day ‘ Dorothy licdnc', "‘2

' t', \

\\'('l L' l'CIll'C-

 

nttcrnoon. -.‘,
was chairman for the Y, \\
Dean Pierce Tea Guest
lit-an Anita ii. l’ict'cc was guest at :1
tea ol the local American association of
lllll\‘t‘l'>ll_l' \\'lilllt‘ll at tho Y. W, t', ,\.
\\ cdncsday afternoon.

 

 

 

Visit Schuyler Apartment

Milne High school students in [be
home decoration cl e: have been visit-
ing the Schuyler .I'tnu'nl on Hudson
avcmtc this week to ohscrvc hoInc fttr-
nishings and at llitrciurc,

 

 

Live in Practice House

lloris Sinnott, Myrtle Chambers.
Dorothy Rex, and (lava 'l‘t-uney, all
seniors to the home economics depart-

 

 

 

 

ment.‘ will live at the I Inc management
practice house until Ill. ch l9.

 

"(ll Monday afternoon there was a
ceremony much like our graduating cx‘
crises. This gave on: a feeling of
greatness, for each th‘lt‘gttic was pro
svuird itulividnally to the Chancellor.
'l‘hc illnughl that stirred me most
llntl the tuiivcrsiiics of the world
so closer knit together that it was pos~
slide for Stali- (‘ollt-gu in America to
be part cf the activities of an Australian
institution.

"(in Monday evening the. staff of the
t'tuttservataritun of Music. gave a con-
.~ert in honor of the visiting (lclcgalcs.
l often think of Mr. t'nudlyn and Il-
'l‘hotupson when i go In these “I
.tlTairs, and l‘nI IIltII‘t' and more con~
vinrt-Il of the vilivat‘y of their efforts in
untkv State (folk-gr a living part of Al-
huuy life. The collt‘t‘l‘l was given eu—
iircly by llic staff, must of whom arc
brilliant pcri'orIIn-rs as well as good
li‘ilt'llt' Main supper in the Marquee
and with ‘ the Imporiuuily lo lllt't'l mort-
.md murr inicrcsling pvopic.

"'l‘ucsday t‘\’i'llllli.{ the Council and
Staff gave a dinner to visiting delegates,
will inviting many public lllt'll. Wed»
Ilt'stiily morning inspection tour of the
Waite Agricttllnrc lit. ‘b laboratorin
titlisllrd lllt' l't'lt'lll" . .

“but the \\'llnil‘ \vrrk's t'xpcrivut‘rs
i owe my gratitude to ‘i ilt' ('ollcgc. it
\vt'ls it pr ilt‘gt' ltt t't-pl’t cut you.

y. enjoy hearing anything
‘nlc ('ollvgc. When i think of
i think first oi people and
“wit ill  l‘. 'i‘,

Shirt-rely.

 

 
   

 

 

z

'\

.I.

  

r:

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

  

liunicr liirt- Messent”

LENT TO BE OBSECURED
JOINTLY BY SOCIETIES

lior lln- second lillit' this your. iln-
Y, \\'. (‘. .\.. Non-unto t‘lllll and Mt-
uorab wrivly llllllt'il ill :I I‘t'ligions H'H
l‘t' when they ('t'li‘lil‘fllt'll :I l.t'lllt'll syt't
ivv ytnlt‘l‘duy morning. Similar Invvl
lugs. to observi- llll' Lenten wath \till
llt' i‘lllllllli'li'll each 'l‘hul‘sdny at 7.l5
l't'll‘l'l‘I in room l, until \pI'd 7. 'l‘ht-
lllt'llli' of those St'l'\'.ll‘l‘~ is "Lift- Abun
Ihnu."

Yrslvrday's which \\il~ in l'llil ,
\\'. l'. .\.. under lllt' leader-lop Hi
limin ' tots. LN, ,\fll'l' ll\'t' utiu-
utrs of sacred music. the topic, “'l'ltv
L'ontvilutlion of \ri Liivraluw in
l'vvmnahtit-s to ‘\ .\bulni:mt' "

t' of

 

_/

 

 

and
Lily
\Hh diwtl‘wd.

CLUB mm as NEW
MEMBERS ON TUESDAY

liolur l‘itflllittllllt‘s thh ltrld informal
initiation of fin urn lllt'llll)‘.‘l'~ 'l'lu‘xdui
t‘\t‘lliii'.!. Alt'lllllt'l" :ItchnlI-d in masquer-
iiilt' rostunnw. I'vrl/cls and ringer illi'
vt-rc st-I'u-tl aI'lt-r tbc l'illl'i‘lilllllllt'lll and
a stunt [ll'l'\l‘l|l('ll by the fl't'nllllli'll.

lloroihy b’ouhunl, 'Jh', was rhztitunm
of thr L'tllllllllllt't', (lllwr members were
livanccr. l\'L'll“f~‘}i- '3"; .\ilinn (icrvin. ‘18:
lloris Sinnott, '27: and lna Langsvhur.
'25. linnnn .\vklry, '.ltl. was chairman
of the fI-rshnwn stunt.

 

i'harlollc Jones , scatrd at a
spinning win-cl, sang “l.tI\'t"~ (lid
.Hwt-L-t Song."

UNION PROFESSOR WILL
ADDRESS FRENCH CLUB

lll‘. l.coItarIl f'ht‘strr _lolics, professor
oI history at Union collcgt Schenectady.
will lli' the principal 5 .(cr ill lht'
l'rcnrh (‘lub antitrust ' dinner Satln‘»
. .\]‘l’|l llr. joncs l't‘Ct‘lH‘tl his
tic v s ol bat‘ht-lrn' of arts and master
ol arts at l’t'tuct-lou univrvsity and his
dt-grw‘ol doctor of Philosophy at (ic-
nt-va, Mvuxerland

 

   

 

\J

  

 

 

“BENEFIT PICTURE ENDS
llln‘nlnst showing of “Sorrows of
Satan. In benvlit picture for the Alumni
assocmlnin, will llL' prt-scutcd :It tic

HI rand tbvalrc today anti toInoI vow,
Adolphe t\|quon. ‘liit'ardo t'ortcx and
land llI-Inpdt'r ill't‘ in the t The

 

“t'alifornin Nighldlnwks" play :I rc-
turn rngzievtnvnl,

VISIT son—5151‘? HOUSES
Mary ldllll‘vl‘ llncdcr, '25, of l’oll

('lnysicr, was a guest of Kappa llrlia
ove' the \vct-lr~t-tI(l.

 

 

lacuucliu Monroe, '35. spent last week—
end at bin l’hi house.

