 

 

'~.=’i,nr91.v»<‘i

 

 

. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971
From The White Side

WHERE IS
RACISM
GOING?

by Michael Lippman

White racism at SUNYA? For an answer, there are
the all-explaining cliches:

The standard-holy, “Some of my best friends..."

The original‘sin flagellant so popular in May,
“We‘re all racists; we may not realize it yet, but we
are.”

The cynical, “Black«white relations? There aren‘t
any.”

But cliches say nothing, or iit least nothing new.
They serve only as an 85011139. a COVer for true
communication. And to find how the ichrage white
student feels iibout the black, one must be resigned
to coming full circlc--he thinks in cliches, not saying
anything of his own, not saying what he feels, if he
even knows.

it has been a quiet year: no outbursts on either
side, no cafeteria upheavals, no accusations or lists
of demands. A View from Paradise can dismiss any
minor squabbles as just thatuminor. Dormitory life
and activity @1an a basically calm picture. The
elements of tig- unfamiliar and the strange disappear
or are modified. All ‘is going well and we can relax.
When the unfamiliar creeps in, in the usual brief
encounters, the problems, the tensions arisc.

“We were in the check-cashing line and had been
there a long time. So I just mentioned to no one in
particular, 'Maybe this isn't even the right line.‘ " Sn
the black girls in front of us heard it and started
about the lionkies iind began using every four-letter
word they knew. l'm not anti~bliick, but I don't like
snotty people, and a lot of blacks are snotty,”

Blatant racism is (lying, if not (lead. Perhaps
people are more enlightened than to treat black.
objects of hate, or inferior beings. The situations are
reversed and the attitude is not one ofderision, but
of fear, a fear of the new black in 1970 with his
media-shaped image: If he looks like what a black
militant must look like, then naturally he‘s “out to
get Whitey," and Whitey can‘t handle it.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS‘

 

A fear of what bliicks will think is predominant. it
is easy to be called a racist, even for the most minor,
unintentional or misunderstood actions. And no one
ciin fight back and accuse the accuser of black
racism without getting more deeply embroiled in
trouble. Whites who seriously wish to try to get
along well with the blacks must lake on roles to try
to treat them the way they believe is best. The
white Uncle Tom panders to every word in an
attempt to "be nice" and is laughed at or taken
advantage (if. 'l‘hose who “treat them like anyone
elsc-—isn't that what they want?" are rebuffed. Some
haven‘t even chosen a role yet. and their dilemma is
solved by avoiding all contact.

Besides fear and uncertainty. open resentment
flares tip. but not in mixed crowds. “The E0?
program is great-intcllectually. When it gets to an
emotional level, it hurts. They have more money to
spend than I do. They even (lrcss better than i do.
And when the check comes they run off to buy a

stereo. "

“At New l’altr. the blacks presented a list of
demands. They don‘t want to have to carry their
own trays in the cafeteria because they've been
slaves too long. (Tan you imagine what would
happen if white students tried that one?"

In a vague way, positions are being taken, though
perhaps only in the mind. Nothing major is happen-
ing, but the incidents and attitudes are threatening.
It's a quiet yeiir, but the quiet can be deceptive.

 

PAGE 8

 

 

Activist Center

For Peace

by Debbie Natansohn

The Capital Area Peace Center is exactly what thiI
name implies: a group of people bounded together
by a desire to end the war in Southeast Asia,
prevent violent conflicts, and promote peaceful
cooperation in the community. Although the center
has, in the past, concentrated mostly on draft
counselling, it also seeks to promote anti-war
activities on both the national and local scales

The Peace Center is ii member of llll' National
Peace Action Coalition, which met in (‘liiciigo last
December. As it member of the coalition. thi- ccntci
plans to encourage capital area residents to partici
pate in “National Peace Action Week," a series of
protests to be held in both Washington and San
Francisco during the week of April ltl-B-l. culmiiiai
ing in a massive demonstration on the 21th The
Peace Center hopes to provide buses from the
eiipitiil district to the rally in Washington (tilii-r
demonstrations arc planned for April .‘li'd illlll llll,
in commemoration of the assassination of Martin
Luther King, and for May fitli, in honor of llll'
students who (lied at Kent State.

“The center would like to change its image Iroin
one of a moderate, religious- oriiinli-d organization
to that of a group committed to lllllllillll non
violence.’I claimed llill Rohdc. coordinator of llll'
l’i-iicc Center. He added that the center would not
like to oXclude any political groups from llh
activities. "There is too much division witbiii llic
peace movement. We need to get all groups Working
together toward one goal."

0n the local level, the Peace Center would l|l(I' In

 

 

make its draft counselling more available to lower
income groups, and currently plans to il‘l up
counselling services in various parts of die inner
city. According to Mr. llolidc, there cxisls ii great
need for blacks to counsel blacks, and anyone
interested in taking the course to qualify as a draft
counsellor is urged to coiiliict the center. (‘oiinsi-|~
loi's not only help youths avoid the draft, but also
teach actch resistance tactics for those who will l)|'
in the army. All counselling services are free iil the
nonprofit center, although contributions are
needed iiiiil happily accepted (A professional law-
ycr might charge bcIWi-en 7:250 and $850 for llll‘
same schici-s )

Along will! draft ciiunsclling, the center runs a
l’cticc Library for community use. and maintains :1
Speakers liui an to provulc speakers for local high
schools, colleges. and community groups. The ccn
tcr actively supports such efforts as the nonviolent
iicliuii Weekend and withholding of the federal "war
tax" on telephone bills.

The Peace (‘cnlci' meets every first and second
Monday, and enthusiastically Welcomes new nicm~

 

 

 

hers and volunteers. Through its principles of

non-violence, the. center hopes to live its motto:
"There is no way to peace peace iii the way."

 

 

Judicial Workshop:
The Student andtlie

lAW

by John Fairliall

Do you know your legal rights as ii
SUNYA student?

Suppose you‘ve been accused of a cam-
pus theft. You'd probably think your
crime would be handled by the University
— somehow. Bill “somehow” can range
from a hearing before the University Stu-
dcnt Judicial Committee to referral to a
civil court.

The controversial question of how the
law relates to University students has
been complicated by threatening, repres-
sive measures from angry legislators mea-
sures which serve to increase student
alienation from society’s rules. Perhaps ii
typical Albany student feels that college is
a sanctuary from New York State law, but
few students seem aware of the campus
judicial process which they think protects
them.

This protection, says Ken Kurzwell, an
organizer of this weekend's Judicial Work-
shop, depends upon ii snarled set of
campus judicial guidelines. Where a case
will be handled, by whom, and with what
punishment, are often arbitrarily decided.

The Workshop, Kurzwell states, will
tackle the basic issue of a student judicial
philosophy. Can a student have confidence
in the decisions of administrators, which is
where judicial authority now rests? Do
you know, for instance, that an offender
punished on campus may ultimately have
to appeal to the President, not to a
student peer group?

The Workshop will dciil with chcriil
other questions, including (l) the nature
of judicial hearing procedures; (2) the
composition and powur of judicial bodies;
til) the administration of student conduct
records; and it] the options open to
students for appeal and ri-ili'i-ss.

The Workshop \vill involve some 75
students, faculty, and administrators, as
well as individuals from outside the Uni
versity community. It will rim from
Friday afternoon through Sunday evening,
after which a Steering (‘onnnittec will
l'l‘\'ll‘W and. hopefully, iiiiplclnciil the par-
ticipants' conclusions

It is true that this |tii|ll|‘||l.l|‘ inovcincnl
foi change in the University basalt tIllViIll
tugc in its ilctailcil illl(l pnbliciLcil pri-piii'ii
lion llut, in. liar/Well suggests, the key
clcincnl in the workshop}. success formula
is its wide faculty and administration
participation. (iri-iiter student sin in stu
dent judicial affairs isjust another UOllll‘ll'
vei'siiil topic without lltc cooperation of
those who now have the power.

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Vol. lVlll No.9

 

Overordering

Bookstore Crisis

by Bob Kaiiarek

A recent issue on campus has been the tremendous deficit suffered
by the campus bookstore. Perhaps the greatest factor contributing to
the bookstorc's deficit is the amazing overstock of textbooks.

The stockrooms of the bookstore are literally jammed with
unopened cartons of texts. Unbought books fill almost every wall in
stacks that reach the ceiling. Added iichntories, paperwork, shipping
and freight costs account for a large portion of thc bookstoro‘s deficit.

Last semester, 49% of the originally ordered books were in excess.
Of the approximately |77,()00 texts ordered this semester, it is
estimated that about 50% will be in excess of student purchases.
There seems to be two primary causes for this gross excess of books.
The first is ovcrordcring by faculty members and the second is the
unpredictability of the student. body.

()ver ordering by faculty members is phenomenal, Bookstore records
indicate that many professors have ordered in such great excess of
student needs, that as much as 88% of the original order was left
unpurchased. As most publishers oiily allow returns totalling 20% of
each original order, lllt' bookstore is faced with a grave financial
pi'oblcm.

In addition, lltc bookstore is reluctant to store books for future
scincslcrs as many professors change books, new editions are
frequently being published, and there is a critical shorlagc of space for
stock, let alone storage.

After talking with faculty members, it is a simple matter to explain
the overordcring in one of three ways. In ye: s past, it was often the
policy of thc bookslorc (as is current policy in many schools), to
rcilucc many book orders by a cc' 'iin established perci-iitagc to
account for oVeroi'di-ring. To counter this, many professors have
incrcascd their orders. The Manager iif the bookstore, Robert l)iNovo,
stands ready to assure any faculty member that not one order has
been cut iltls year, and will not be cut in lhc future. The sci'iiltd
reason, which accounts for iiVi-rslocking is that many pi‘ofcssors order
in arbitrary mimbers that far exceed what a careful estimate would
dictatc. The third and most acciite reason for iivcrordcring lies in
attempts to predict what actions the sludcnls will take each semester.

The buying of uscd books, borrowing, sharing and using libr rv
copics of required lcxls could account for as much as 20% inaccurai y
in estimates for book orders, yet. this figure might be doubled by the
enormous number of changes in registration that occur at the
beginning of each semester. This term, 6,572 out of 12,ll78 students
that attend SUNYA handed in dropadd cards to the liigisti'ar. 'l‘his
comprised a total of |ti,().‘il course changes. Considering the number
of texts used in each course, many thousands of books were ordered
and will not be used. This also results in ll shortage of books in
whatever courses happen to attract students at the beginning of each

 

   

 

semester.

lf professors lake the possibility of substantial variance of cl‘
into account, they musl order in great excess of projected cla.s s /.i-
for pre-rcgislration. lloWi-Ver there is a Very small degree of accuracy
in this nielhod of ordering, and books may be left unsold. Perhaps the
answer to this problem lies in a more careful planning of courses to
better satisfy the sliiilciits. This would alleviate the problem of
excessch switching of courses and indirectly bi-lp soIVc the book

‘sir-

 

situation.

lliNovn is sending a lt'llt'l‘ to each professor on campus to explain
the situation, and ask for careful cslimalcs on order forms for next
semester. Surveys taken during class periods might provide 'll
department with a better idea of the number of si-i‘liiitts to offer for
each course. If the bookstore were given a larger location, it is feasible
that a used book section could bc instilitli-d, thus allowing bookstore
personnel to adjust order forms according to their stock of used
books.

 

State University of New York at Albany

 

Monday, February l5, l9?!

 

 

Robert DiNovo, manager of the Bookstore prepares to add another box load of books to the already

overflowing stacks.

...polsl.'owslii‘

Report Released on Haley;

Reveals Deeper Problems

by Allen Altiiiaii

The committee charged with iii-
vestigating the allegations against
l'i'li-r lliilcy reported Its findings
to Ucntral (‘ouncil on 'l‘liursilay.
'l‘bc original ri'porl emanated
from liAAl? and ciillcil for llali-y's
resignation.

'l'hc (loinmittcc found that
although Mr. ll' v has had some
serious unsiiti. .clin') ilciilings
Willi some students. he should iiol
be dismissed. Proof of tiiisatis
factory ili-iiliiigs included a report
supported by conflicting evidence

 
   

 

It is because of scenes like this that some of the residents of Indian Quad are refusing to pay their room

rent.

...(ltl want:

that Mr. llalcy inadc bigoted and
crude remarks to three students,
and a proven report of ii student
being threatened with legal action
by Mr. lliili-y after the lnvostiga-
lion Committee was formed. The
latter incident was deplored by
the committee, though recogniv»
ing that the incident occurred
during ii time of grciit personal
stress for lliilcy.

l"SA management was con»
ilciniii-il by the report for not,
providing adequate policy or ad-
ministrative support. for lliiley.
(Ti-nlral t‘nuncil (il'll'Vllllt‘t' (Inmr
inittcc ('hairinan, llavid Peck, and
lii\i\(7 were accused of causing a
good lll'ill of the priiblcni by their
failure to lakc expeditious and
practical steps to resolve the pro-
blcin.

Included among the (Yonimit-
tcc's i'i-connneiidations to resolve
the situation were llll' proposals
tlial PSA management and Mr
lliiley should Immediately set up il
program to improve relations Wllll
sliiilciit~clienlc and the l"Si\
Board of Directors should estab-
lish and j)l|l)ll(,'l‘/.l‘ to all students
an effective grievance channel and
procedure.

The (kiiiniiittcc concluded that
the lliili-y situation signifies
di-cpi-r problems in |"SA admin»
istriiiion and student relationships
which affects sliulcnt-clicnts‘ and
fooil service employer-s' inoriilc.
The Committee recommended
tliul a consulting firm which has
been contracted to make ii study
of the Food Service Operations
give top priority to l"SA tidinlu-
lstration-st talent relationships.

lluatud dabiitii erupted over the

fact that another report compiled
by the Committee was oiin being
sent to President Benezct and
David Ncul‘eld, President of Stu-
dent Association. The Committee
refused to release this private rc-
porl because it felt it was useless
to issue a long report with minute
details, and it was unwilling to
carry the situation any further due
to several threatening phone Calls
rcccivuil by Mr. llalcy.

Other Business

lly ii 21-1-2 vote Council en-
dorsed and supported a voter
registration drive on campus
which would utilize the most ct"
t'i-etivc means available to register
voters from all areas of New York
State. The Campus Center could
I‘Vi-Itllltllly be used as the site for
voter registration.

The liidiiiii Quad llcnt Strike
that liiid its beginnings last semes-
ter, in which some 6‘]. out of “.202
students living on Indian Quad are.
refusing to pay room and board
iltic to poor living conditions, was
endorsed by ii li)-l--l vote. Central
t‘ouncil also urged that students
participating in the strike not be
charged a late fee by the llursnr's
()fficc when the room and board
is finally paid.

(‘oiinci|, by ii Hid-‘2 vote,
recommended that the present
policy of parking privileges on
uptown quadrangle parking lots
be abolished and that all piirkiiig
be allowed on a first-come first.
served basis only. At present
there are specific lanes renewed
for faculty only, commuters only,
and resident students.



tr

 

