 

 

 

 

 5" support “ends:
Fascist Re .

by John Nicolopoulos
AnAﬂ'Fearun

_...lohn Nicolopoulos teaches history at Albany State. Formerly with
The Cultural Office of the Greek Embassy, Mr. Nicolapoulas resigned
that post in 1967 in protest of the military take-aver in Greece. As
part of activities aimed at reversing the official U.S. Government
policy of support for the junta, Nicolopoulos is collecting signatures
to be placed in an advertisement in the Washington Post. Elias P.
Demetracopulos, a leader of the Greek exile movement, will speak at
SUNYA, April 22, at 8:00 p.m. Any person who desires to
demonstrate his support of the opinions expressed in [his column may
do so by signing it and submitting it to John Nicolopoulos’ office,
Social Science 376.

The recent rash of political incidents involving the military in a
number of countries maintaining defense ties with the United States
would alert all thoughtful Americans to an urgent, if not entirely
new, problem facing the formulators of U.S. foreign policy.

It is, in effect, becoming increasingly clear the US. appeasement of
the Papadopoulos dictatorship in Greece has encouraged similar
tendencies in the neighboring NATO countries, Italy and Turkey.
Extremist elements connected to the military establishments of these
countries interpreted American support of the Greek junta as an
extension of the so-called Mann doctrine-providing for a "pragmatic"
attitude toward dictatorial regimes in Latin America as long as theydo
not threaten US. foreign policy interests "directly"—to the Mediter-
ranean. In reaching this conclusion, they were amply assisted by the
propagandists of the Athens regime.

The institutions developed by the Greek colonels since 1967 were
perhaps even more influential in this connection that their propagan-
da: the Papadopoulos group came up with a formula for "legiti-
mizing” and perpetuating military domination of the political process,
which has been the distinguishing feature of post-World War II
dictatorships outside the Communist bloc, in a way at least
superficially acceptable to the major defender of Western democracy,
the United States.

The key to the political structure devised by the Greek colonels is
the SupremeCouncil of National Defense, an omnicompetent body in
which the ostensibly civilian Prime Minister is superceded by the Chief
of the Armed Forces, who, in his turn, presides over a pyramid of
armed forces councils organized along the iunta's constitution,
rubber-stamped by the totalitarian plebiscite of September 29, 1968,
and hailed by the State Department as a step toward the restoration
of democratic government in Greece.

Papadopoulos’ formula opened new avenues for Right-wing extrem-
ism, caught in a political cul‘de-sac since World War II and the disgrace
of the prewar Fascist parties. The army could now take the place of
the totalitarian party as the vehicle of the great “Conservative
Revolution” which would save "Western civilization" both from
Communism and its own “weakness.”

The work of synthesis accomplished by the Greek military law-
makers is indeed remarkable. They resurrected the rhetoric of the
Truman Doctrine and the Greek civil war, picked up the concepts

ALBANY srunsm‘ mass

 

.

ABORTIONS

IMPROVE GRADES a EXPERT CERTIFIED GYNECOIOGISTS

I CHOICE or TOP PRIVATE HOSPITALS
AND PRIVATE CLINICS

o APPOINTMENTS SCHEDULED WITHIN
24 HOURS

I TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS AVAILAIIIE

' TOTAL COST BELOW $250
FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES—

rEE INCLUDED

STUDY 50(1an 1    NEW 

   
       
 

 
  

Imam" and" Whll. Dmllnﬂ
th Slmt Monrgvol Time To Study

v “‘8.” Vin" Icméflifmii ’i"“r.'.’?.”.'°'.:...
. mm. H y

E'iizcr'iib'mcsuv Paoaucrn saunas

cause "as To HAPPEN

      
 
     
     

  

Plnn Spat-i]

  

    

I Yuck Yarn II or LP Record
""‘Ifg'lii‘lw u n 'na‘uiirii.“‘" CALL EITHER 0FF|CE iOR ASSISTANCE
SM“ °° “rt—22%;“ (201) 334-3738 (212)885-1314

 
 

 

New York Mndicol Rcicrrnl Agency

 

 

 

Summer Jobs

CAMP DIPPIKILL GOVERNING BOARD is current~
1y lookin for summer assistants to work at Camp
Dippikill or the summerof I971. The positions will be
full time for 10 weeks commencing on June ist. The
work will be mainly outdoor labor assisting the
caretaker in such projects as log cabin and canto
construction, trail and grounds maintainancqfirc wood
gathering, etc. ~Any student interested should write for

an inteWiew to: William jones, Camp Board chairman
PO Box 118-AA,SUNYA, Albany, N. Y..

 

N “m

Stuyvesant Jewelers

 

look for our Inserts

in Today’s

 

 

Albany Student Press

    

developed by the French “ideological colonels" in the course of the

colonial wars in Indochina and Algeria and, subsequently improved

upon the American theorists and

practitioners of counter-

insurgency, added a dash of Arab national socialism-1nd served up
the mixture with the ceremonial of a Latin American “NatIonal

Revolution."

It should be noted that before the Pupadopou105 breakthrough, the
prospects of the military as a political force in Europe were marginal.
De Gaulle had had no great difficulty in checking the French Colonels
who repeatedly attempted to seize power in the course of the Algerian
war; statesman-like Turkish generals did likewise, the most recent
instance being the limited intervention against Premier Demirel
followed by the retirement of twenty activist officers who favored a
Greek-style takeover; the Greek high command itself had been able to
snuff out a colonels' coup in the course of its execution in May, 1952,
and several more in the making later. It was due to a remarkable
comedy of errors that Papadopoulos was given the chance not only of
seizing power, but of consolidating his dictatorship by a veritable
Hitlerian Gleichschaltung disguised as an “operation” on the diseased
body politic of Greece which would bring about a “healthier”

democracy.

Papadopoulos emulators in Turkey and Italy have now suffered
setbacks and the realization of the slogan shouted by Italian
Neo-Fascists during the recent distrubances, “Ankara—Athens—
Rome,“ does not seem imminent. But the abscess will not be entirely
drained unless the United States decisively abandons the mealy-
mouthed vocabulary of “pragmatism” in order to clearly and
unequivocally dissociate American policy from the enterprises of
cxtiques under the cover of Pro-Americanism. Otherwise, the danger
of Fascist restoration in Europe will remain with us, to the ultimate
advantage of Communism, which is a more effective form of
totalitarianism, bound to Iprevailr any kind of confrontation.

Computers Keep Tabs 0n Taxpayers

by Craig Ammerman
Associated Press Writer

The IRS has centered its income
tax memory bank in a one-story,
plain-looking brick building out-

' side this eastern West Virginia

AP— Armed with a complex of
computers and a system of cross-
checking that explores angles by
the thousands, Uncle Sam keeps
close watch over his 95 million
taxpayers.

Four modern computers spend
every minute of the year contin-
ually pouring over the returns
filed by America's breadwinners.

And with tax time at hand and
about half of the country yet to
file, the machines at the National
Computer Center here-the pride
and chief defective of the Inter-
national Revenue Service—are
whirring away to pay refunds,
process returns and catch citizens
who make mistakes, either hon-
estly or otherwise.

town since 1962.

The tax return being filed by the
taxpayer first goes to one of seven
regional centers, where the most
vital information is placed in mag-
netic tape and sent to
What WOVBmere call the “Mar-
tinsburg Monsters."

In the next 3% years, before it is
kicked off magnetic tape for stor-
age elsewhere, every taxpayer's
return will be sent through sus-
pecting computers almost 200
times.

Tax returns are fed through the
computers from 86 million indi-
viduals and 9.2 million businesses.

The computers‘ jobs are many
and are overseen by a staff of 275
trained technicians who program

 

TICKETS: $2.00 at
WFIPI

 

HUMR OIS T—SA TIRIST-PLA YBOY WRITER

lean Shepherd lives!

At the RPI ’87 Gym
Fri. April 16—8:30 PM
Sponsored by WRP|

Van Curlor’s Music—Albany

AT THE DOOR (IF THEY LAST!)

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1971

Solzhenitsyn
Symposium
Scheduled

A symposium will be held as a
tribute to the works of Alexander
8. Solzhenitsyn on April 19, at 8

, o’clock in the Assembly Hall. The

Russian Department feels the Uni-
versity community will benefit
from a discussion of the famous
author and his frequently ccnr

wred works.

Solzhenitsyn first gained acclaim
with One Day in the Life of Ivan
Denisouich, published in the letcr‘
my magazine Novy Mir (New
World), in 1962, under the per-
sonal sponsorship of Premier Niki-
ta Krushchev. However, the 1111‘
thor never again enjoyed such
official recognition, and two suc-
ceeding novels, Cancer Ward and
The Firs! Circle, were rejected by
Soviet publishers. These works,
though, circulated widely among
Russian intellectuals in manu-
script form, and along with a few
short stories and plays, reached
the Western countries, enjoying
great success.

In October, 1970, Solzhcmtsyn
was awarded the Nobel Prize in
literature. Although recently oxr
pelled from the Soviet Writers
Association, he was given per
mission to go to Stockholm to
receive his prize. His return to the
Soviet Union, however, was not
guaranteed by the government,
and Solzhenitsyn elected to re-
main in Soviet Russia.

Tlili wltt TEMH more
Fll my AMER/[ANSI
rumL mm more
Lat/{Y MISS/ANS!

HAVE Yau 5er on:
v( WNG Val/Fr :ruri‘giili:

   
     
      

  

   
 

the prodigious memory banks for
continuous operation. In fact, not
an hour has been lost in the past
seven years.

“ We can perform numerous
functions, nndprovide information
for about every taxpayer in the
country," assistant director Ed
Hieronamus said.

Every Saturday morning a new
cycle is begun at the center as the
100 million accounts move from
master files through the IBM 360
computers.

Entries are made each week on
about five million returns. They
can constitute filling in this year‘s
return, making out a refund and
recording it on the tape, or
checking some suspected irreg-
ularity.

On each individual's file are to-
tal income, occupation, tax paid,
deductions, and whether the tax»
payer got II refund or not for each
of the last three years. That infor
motion takes all of .4811 of an inch
of tape to record and store.

Any taxpayer whose return Is
different from those in his class In
immediately singled out for
special attention.

For instance, II return lisung
$6,500 income and $2,000 in
payment to charitable urIvIII'
izntiona is immediately spotted by

the computer.

NOTICE

Bureaucratic obstacles have been
overcome and today the record
co-op will reopen with many II
records in stock. This is 11 non-
profit co-op with records III low
prices. Hours uru Monday 7'19
PM, Wednesday 3—9 PM and 1“”

   

 

2

 

 

day 1-5 PM.

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Julian Bond, Black Politician
To Speak At SUNYA

Julian Bond, the first black
member of the Georgia Legisla-
ture, will speak here on April 21
in the CC Ballroom as a part of
the activities slated for Black
Week.

Bond was first elected to a seat
created by reapportionmcnt in the
Georgia House of Representatives
in 1965, but was prevented from
taking office in January 1966 by
members of the Legislature who
objected to his statements about
the war in Vietnam. After winning
a second election in February
1966—to fill his vacant sent—II
special ‘I-louse Committee again
voted to bur him from member-
ship in the Legislature.

Bond won II third election in
November 1066 and in December
1966 lho United States Supreme
Court ruled unanimously that lhc
Georgia House had erred in refus-
ing him his seat. On January 9,
1007, he took the Oath of Ofl'ico
and became 2| member of the
Georgia llouso of Representatives.

Bond was 51 fIIIIndPr of the
(‘ommilII-o IIn Appcnl for Human
lilL’llls l('()Allli), Illl‘ Allnnln
Universin (‘r-nluI' Sllldi‘ni organi-
zation lhnl coordinnir-(I llll'l‘l’
yours of sludent nnl.isogr0gnlion

Library Fines

continued from page 1

Form: For failure to return 111111.01"
Illl th-an-cnllcd: Fines begin on
71h (lny IIl'lIn‘ notice is sent. 31,50
per day for firsl wcok. $1.00 per
day after I'irsl week (for l'ilt‘ll (lny
Library is upon), Fino accumu-
lntcs until book is returned or
reported lost. Fines will be cut in
half if paid in person when the
book is returned.

Circulation l’olicy: Lox! boo/rs.
A unit price of $10 plus $5
processing fee (Lot.le $1 5) for each
book reported lost. Borrower is
also liable for any fines accumu-
lnicd up to the (Into the loss is
reporter]. Enforccnrmrl: Names of
faculty members and students ow-
ing more than ‘115 in accumulated
fines to the University Library
will be published periodically and
circulated widely throughout the
University. Pel‘sislcnl offenders:
Names of uncooperative faculty
members will be scnl to Depart
ment chairmen, Deans, and to the
Vice President of Academic Al'-
fnirs. Students: The Registrar will
be requested to withhold trun-
sr'ripts for students with outstand-
ing unpaid fines or library books.

   

    

 

Emanuel L. Wolf presents AN ALLIED ARTISTS FILM

 

m usmu cows. wrswaurzgreassuring] 6}}:

Tower East Cinema

Tonight and Tomorrow

protests in Atlanta beginning in
1960. He served for three months
as Executive Secretary of the
COAI-IR.

In April 1960, Bond helped to
fund the Student Nonviolent Co-
ordinating Committee (SNCC).
That summer, he joined the staff
of a newly-formed Atlantn weekly
Negro newspaper, the Allan” peared in Negro Digest, Moliuc,
Inquirer as a reporter and feature Rights and Reuiews‘ Freedom.
writer. He later became Managing ways, Ramparfs' Beyond (he
Editor- Blues, New Negro Pools, Ameri-

In January 1961. BOHd '9” can Negro Poetry, The Book of
Morehouse to join the staff of the Negro [Joan-y. and 0mm- pubpca.
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Lions,

Committee as Communications Bond. his wife and their [our
Director, :1 position he held until children n“. in (up,an

September, 1966. While with
SNCC, Bond directed the organi-
zation’s photography, printing
and publicity departments. His

rights drives and voter registration
campaigns in Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi and Arkansas.

Hi5 poems and articles have ap-

Students Organize
‘Peace Week’

WASHINGTON, DC (CPS) A group of student presidents and
(‘(lll()l‘s, supported by the National Sludcnl Association and the US.
Student Press Association, have called for i1 National PCIK‘P Treaty
Week, from April 19-23, lo omicuntrnlo organizing activilics around
the People's Ponce Treaty, negotiated by US. and Vielnnmosc
students in December.

The treaty, which has been endorsed by more than 300 student
presidonls and editors and il IIsL notables from DHVI‘ DellingI-r to Rock
Hudson, is seen us a needed focal point for the broad range of anti-war
protest activities this spring. “The People’s Pence Treaty provides the
means for unity in action," an organizer emphasizes.

Anti-wru- organizers, particularly those IIl'l'iliiIII-d \vilh lho People‘s
(lunlilion for I’I-nr'c uIIIl Juslirrc, :n'o using lhI- 'l‘rI'nly as u mechanism
to pl‘vvr'nl pron-st zwlivitios form dissipating :Il'tI-I' 11w spring actions,
as has happened in the post. Thus, they sll‘t'ss lhr- Hood in develop
“(‘oncrclo implementation plnns (for tho 'l‘rvnly) now" In ensuri-
significunl :II-livily during llux summer.

April 10-211 is also it wm-k of (ii organizing around llH‘ country and
Vietnam Vt‘lt‘l'lllls (lemonslrnlions in Washington, l).(‘., and spokes
men urgI- support for those efforts “us purl of Peace 'l‘l‘l‘illy Wr'ck
netivilies.‘

The 'l‘l'l’ill)’, which llus I)l‘('11 circulated widely on campuses but has
gone urgon unpublished in lhc nulion's commercial media, has seen a
variety of “implomvnlnliIIn" strategies (lcvvlop. Al. Onklnnd Univer~
sity in ltochcslcr, Mir-11., for example, 11 of 12 questions on an
iInplchI-nlnlion referendum were passed by the student body. Some
of the quoslions supporlI-d included: Should thr- billbozn'd on l-7fi be
used for unti‘wzn' purposes" Should (he Univorsity support demonstra-
tions against war mIInul'IIctIIrI-rs? Should the University boycott
services and products of 3111 (‘mnpnnics thIIt profit from the war?

Al the University of Chicago, the approved rIIfI-rondum included
four parts: ratification of the Treaty; II (lonwnd for withdrawal of the
University from the war by ceasing wur-rulnlod research (listing
specific projects); II demand for University to cooperate with faculty
and students in extending non-military ilICl to people of Southeast Asia;
re—evaluation of priorities within University budget. At the University
of Wisconsin, blood is being collected to send to North Vietnam.

The student-l'nculty-Irdministrntion Assembly nl Goddard College in
Vermont ratified the Treaty and also sol aside space for the 1071-72
school year for South Vietnamese students expelled by tho 'l‘hivu-Ky
regime for peace activities. Other schools and communities arr-
urgnnizing tIIx resistance, supporting draft resistance, urging ('in
councils to accept the Treaty, and joining boycolts of war firms.

    
   
  
   

A [uni Parry-Mud Production

457-8583

at 7:30 and 10:00 pm I" LC 7

 

work with SNCC took him to civil .

 

Julian Bond, Black Poet and Georg'a House Legislaturer will speak
here on April 21.

Applause for Sears Roebuck

by Jeff Rodgers

“Well, that‘s the way it goes on live TV,” said the announcer the
first time Scars new commercials for its Craftsman Eager 1 power
lawn mower were hired on TV. The mower didn’t start.

Since lhe initial showing, the mower has started on the first try
every other time, Robert Thompson, Sears' national merchandise
manager for lawn equipment, remarked that he hopes that people
“will begin to look forward to the spots as a ‘Will the mower start'
contest."

The showing of those commercials will hopefully lcnd credibility to
TV commercials by showing the viewers that not all companies use
gimmicks and camera tricks to sell their products.

in the age of Videotape, Sears deserves mention for taking a chance
on live commercials.

 

Self-nomination forms
are now available for:

Central Council
Class Officers
MYSKANIA
President &

Vice-President of
Student Association

University Senate

 

 

 

 

 

 

Forms are available In CC 346
from 9-5 daily

 

 

 

.. I'I't‘a|I|s

no)“

 

