FIVE. CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Wednesday, February to. l97l

Vol. [VIII No. 7

The U.S. Is In Laos and the Campus Reacts

Plans Made

State University of New York at Albany

 

 

Rally on Campus;
Protest at Capitol

 

' J
I
All photos by Ronald Simmons

 

 

 

 

 

it? LARK STREET

 

 

THE S.A. LAWYER

will be here

Tuesday from 7-9pm
in CC346

no appointment

necessary

 

to discuss any

legal questions.

inr-‘ru r'nncc problems.

law schools.

hut-isles. etc.

by Kenneth Deane
and
Harry Weiner

Responding to the recent South Vietnamese irrva»
srorr ol Laos. an open meeting ot students last
evenrrrg tirade provrsrorrs tor a march on the State
(‘apilal this at‘ternoon. 'l‘he march will he preceeded
by a rally in hunt ol the ('arnprrs (‘enter' at l3 noon.

Althouin a confused and chaotic atmosphere
prevaded the meeting. the prevailing impression was
that a more el‘t'cctive rireans ot‘ action than has
previously been lakerr is necessary to corribat the
U.S. govenrrrierrt's aggressive policies In Southeast
Asia.

Among the other proposals ot'l'eicd were a march
on the l'ederal liurldrng and the Selective Service
()l't'rces. and the Ititlllttgol ttat'lic on tlte thrrrway. A
desire was e\presserl by a number ol~ the students to
organi/e a nrore cohesive rnoverrierrt that would
enable t’irttrr'e actions to he more meaningful.

Allhorrglr the original intent ot~ the meeting was to
agree rtporr specilic methods for a more el‘t'ective
protest against the war. only this afternoon‘s action
was agreed upon. The greater part of the meeting
was occupied by “Profound l’r<)frrriitics," and the
possibility ol~ a “SHIT-IN“ scheduled l'or this
Weekend. The depositing ol~ l'ecal matter on the
capital steps was considered by many present to be
the rnosl ot't'ensive manner ot‘ expressing the slit-
dent‘s dissatisfaction with government policy.

Tentative plans were also discussed concerning a
demonstration on Saturday, February H. which
would involve both the University and Albany
communities. It is hoped that such a demonstration
would serve to educate the eornrrrirrirty at large to
what the group termed as the immoral nature ol'thc
U.S. involvement in Indochina.

South Vietnamese Airborne Troops shortly arriving at Khe Sanh for push into nearby Laos. Background.
US Army Chinook helicopter comes in with more troops. Picture taken Sunday before South Vietnam
President Nguyen Vau Tliieu ofﬁcially announced invasion. [AP Wrrephoto]

U.S. Air Power Used in Laos
Three Americans Killed

South Vietnamese troops and
tanks pressed westward across
branches of the Ho Chi Minh trail
in southern Laos 'l‘ucsday I)i'Itlll(I
enemy forces retreating under the
lush of US. air pr)Wci'.

At last reports, the main column
in the sound day of the operation
I

A large rnrurher of students trtrrred out Tuesday night in response to the events in Laos.

clrotr'

had proceeded about 1']. miles
insidi- Laos.

Operating in front of the South
Vietnamese, U.S. helicopter
(lohras attacked enemy supply
depots ll’i rnilrrs inside Laos,

Fit-Id dispatches said the South
Vietnamese had set up two artii
It'ry l'irc hascs .r . dc Laos, one of
thorn Iii miles West of the Irorder.

'I‘he t)I)|l'('l ol' the Sorrth Vit‘tiiil’
mcsr- incursion Is to cut the Ho
(lhi Minlr trail. the last major
supply I‘Ulllt' ol' the North Victnrr~
rnt-sc to (Trrrnliodra and Sotrlh
Vietnam, and tosrnash bases

The South Vietnamese in Laos
arc rrirrvrttg under a ll S. air urn-
Irrt'lla. U S lttt‘llt'tti cotnliat plant-s
hrrtl Iit'l'lt t'lytng :itlttrltitt missions
daily against thr- llo t’lrr Mrnh trail
and other targets tlt Laos

Mrlrtrrry spolrcsrrrcn said this in-
tron liud IN‘t'tt stcppcd up ‘11)”
since IItr' ruirrrlr \r. |iI.ritlt‘\I‘ incrn'
stun Itr nddrtiorr to 'lri- tactical irtr
ettrrrt Si\(' lifi‘l Itt’.r\‘_\' tmrnlicrs
ltrt‘ supporting the i'l'tor'l

Tut-tit) lIltitl>-.i.ttl .mutlr \‘rn-trra
ttti‘sc troops .IittI 1|,ttltti U S.
troops are I|l\'tiI\‘l‘tI ill the effort.
No U S. ground troops are gum“
in he used according to the mrli-
lrrry command.

’l‘hrr-e Americans were reported
killed and :11 wounded in rrrr
trmhush nan two fights in the Khe
Sunh urea Monday. South Vietna-

mese headquarters said it) of its
soldiers were killed and lit
wounded Monday, the opening
day of the drive.

The US State Department said
the drive is not an expansion of
the war because l‘the territory
involved has been the scene of
combat since 1965." A spokes-
man l'or' the State Department.
Robert J, McClos‘key, said the
operation will protect American
Iers during continued U.S. troop
withdrawals from South Vietnam.
lie said thrrt the operation Will be
kept within the southern Laos
panhandle and in thc rcgrori ot‘
Scpone.

Dct'cnsr‘ Dcpzrr'ttnr rrt o‘trcrrrls
said thtI strategic goal IN'ItititI the
(Ii'tVtI is to keep the enemy l'rorn
mounting tin ott'cnsn'c while the
US rs turning over its min to the
war to the South Vietnamese.

The White llorrsc said the deei~
srori to launch ilrc strike into Laos
goes hack to January, when there
were consultations between corn-
rir.rndcrs ol' the army of Vietnam
and U S. t'orces

M ii pruss conference to discuss
the move into Laos, White House
Press Secretary. Ronald Zedgler'
said that the administration re-
gards the Luotion operation as
definitely consistent with internu-
tiontrl lrrw rrnd the charter of the
United Nations. This analysis lol~
lowed rr question: "You mean it is
consistent with international law
.to invade ti country?"

 

