 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, xx. . 
( 3‘ PAGE 4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1971 MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1971 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 5 
i i  0 WHAT sum Gains Ml mom I: THIY ole n' wrm A nmocuric voni- ca 0. , 
I o w . ' ' ' r . , .
 entral Council. as- m - g I 9 ; i
I . O O  1.
i Undemocratlc? First Show at Fillmore North. :
i b x flle r . . i
The younger geneiiiitigiim‘t: notorioeus for its criti- by k“ Burger mgnfidr'drnyn'iuhtf About 11:00. than,“ something about mm m'
. . H Y E .
__ cism of the "Establishment" for being non-repre- we“, it looks that way. Looks 95ml Ken and l “The at the struments. The lights would be on

sentative and unresponsive to the true needs of the
PwPle. But a major flaw in many critics is a failure
to examine their own “back yard". I believe this to
be the case at this University.

The student body of this institution is presently
being governed by a body-Central Council—which I
find to be suffering from several undemocratic
features, and one which fails, in some respects, to
represent the actual needs of the students. Under
the rpesent system, each completed residence area
elects three representatives to Council, with the five
Commissions and the Pan Hellenic Council permit-
ted two votingrepresentatives each, and the faculty
permitted five representatives. Thus, approximately
one-half of 33 of the Council representatives are not
popularly elected by the students at large. But these
Council members represent a relatively small seg-
ment of the University’s 8,000 undergraduate stu-

ents.

Under the present system, it is also possible for an
individual to be elected to Council by one of the
Commissions and to reach a high executive position
in student government without once having received
a mandate from the entire student body. I find it
difﬁcult to understand how the interests of the
student body at large can be properly articulated by
someone who has never had to present himself to
the electorate for acceptance. It is a fundamental
principle of a democracy that representatives of the
people must answer for their actions before the
electorate. Only in such a manner can a constitur-
ency's views be properly reﬂected.

It is true, however, that a new constitution is in
the process of being drafted by the members of
Council. This newly proposed version would rectify
the above evils by providing for direct, at large
election of the student government President and
Vice‘President, and for the abolition of Commission
representation on Council. Members of the Univorsi-
ly community should therefore urge for its immedi-
ate ﬁnalization and adoption.

 

    

\. .t
Yesterday, it was Vietnam and Cambodia today. it is Lam.

 

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Entire Semester

* 9:00 to 4:00 Textbooks will be

sold in tunnel area

‘li Evenings and Saturdays in

Main Store

'I Refunds and drop cards will be

honored from February 181 to

February 6th. 1971.

j .

by Mitchell Frost
Young Americans for Freedom

The anti-smoking lobbyists have won. They‘ve managed to get all
cigarette commercials off the air. Much as I'sympathize with their
motives (I am a devout non-smoker of anything), I cannot see this
new law as anything but governmental infringement upon the rights of
legitimate business to adVertisc its product. Regardless of what one
thinks of smoking (cigarettes, that is) the tobacco industry certainly
cannot be considered anything less than legitimate, and as such, it is
entitled to all the rights granted any other industry.

When talking about the tobacco industry, however, people suddenly
get very moralistic about the product. “It's been linked to cancer."
“It can take years off your life." “It puts a strain on your heart." All
of this is true. This leaves us with the really important question:
Where does thc individual's unalienable right to use his free will
supersede the government's obligation to protect the society it was
elected to serve? A man has the right to havu his vices. Where the line
is drawn, or should be drawn, is where a man‘s vice makes him a
threat to socicty.

Doctors tell us that it's unhealthy to bc overweight. Why not have a
giant govcrnmcnt weigh-in once a year and find those weighing above
a federally establishcd “safety level"? This isabsurd, of course, but
this is where wc'rc heading. If a man decides to smoke, hc hurts no
(mo but himself. He is not without the facts; the studies linking
Cigarcllc smoking with cancer and heart disease are quite well known.
This industry which supplies the public with this product, allowing
lhc public to maki- up its own mind, must be treated equally with all
olhcr industries. howcvcr,

The government has to make up its mind; cithcr thc tobacco
industry is a legitimate industry entitled to all the rights and freedoms
granted any other industry, or its product presents a threat to the vcry
fiber of our civilization and there fore must be banned from the
market. as with hcroin. This Congress: has tried to take a middle road,
however, to the dissatisfaction of almost everyone. The anti—smoking
lobby will undoubtably push for even further restrictions to the
dis: tisfaction of the tobacco

Charges wcrc even made that the cigarette corporations werc giving
Ihc tclcVision networks money under the table in order to get the
networks to show their cigarette billboards during their shows! This
rcminds me of the time a school, in an effort to gel
Supri-mc L

 

‘ ‘ around the
.oiirt s no‘praycrsin-school decision, licld voluntary priiycrs
before school officially began. The Court put
the school's action cvasivu. How absurd! In Ihc first case an industry is
so hainpi-rcd by rcstrictivo laws that it is forced to usc cvasivr
measures to gut around a law which Congress had no right to pas»; in
Ihc first placi' In lhc latter siicc, the Supreme Court stretched lihc
M'ptiritlluil'(if-L’lilirt'li-:ill(l-Slillt‘ policy so out of shape that a school
was evading the law if it did not ban iill neighborhood supported
praycrs from the school building cvcn aftcr school hours to the utter
disgust of thc ciitlrc community. '

We are all conccrncd wilh our health but we are
our right to usc our frcc will and to make
laws to protect our socn-Iy but once thc
most clicrishcd right of free choice,
lakc anollicr step toward a scllVinduc

an end to that calling

also concerned with
our own choices. We need
y come at thc expense of our
we stop being a free socicty and
cd slichry.

 

UNWANTED PREGNANCY
LET US HELP YOU

O‘N’WYPOTIIIS?

WWII) WEOWIILD

"lifi‘i’t 

i ‘3‘

 

But are members of Central Council and their ofﬁcers elected “with a democratic vote"?

Commercial Laissez- F aire-ism

MESSIANIC JEWS

 

 

Paul Zukofsky. one of the best ViOlIlIISlS of our time, will appear at
the SUNYA Main Theater Perfonning Arts Center on Friday,
February 5. at 8:30 pm. The program will include works by Ives,
Ilabbilt, Cage and the world premiere of Cliadabe's new "Drift" for

violin and electronic sounds.

W

Consumer Guide No. l

by Jeff llurgcr

Any of you who arc familiar
with Robert Christgau's columns
in the Village Voice are aware that
be instituted a grading systcm for
albums, it sort of shorthand consu-
mcr guide. I am alioul to follow
wuit. This is ncccssitiilcd by Ihc
flood of new albums to ho rc~
vichd and not by any ilcsirc to
make the “final judgcincnt" in lhc
form of a neat litllc lcltcr gradc.
It should go without saying that
these ratings arc my opinions, and
not linal judgements; usually my
criteria is not talent of the parlic-
ulur artist or artists. ('I‘hcrc arc,
for example, many ttilcntcd opera
singers; I just don't like Opt‘l‘ﬂr

Therefore these columns arc
purely subjectch reflections of
my own tastes in music They ari-
written mainly for the person who
is considering the purchase of an
album and wants to opinion of
someone who has listened to it
carcfully. Bill licl‘orc you start
taking my advicc, mukc Slll‘l‘ wc

Civilisation Series

CIVILISA’I‘ION. 'I‘hc first in a
series of I.'I 50-minute color films
exploring the history of Ihc past
1600 yours ol' CIVIIIISA'I‘IUN
through its art and ierllllA'OIlll‘t‘,
entitled “The Skin of Our 'I'i-i-lh“,
will bc prcsr-nicd iii Ihc Sclinclil
Fine Arts Ccntur, Russt-II Siigr
Willi-go, Fill). H, l‘.l7l, at 7130.
Admission is True and Ihc public is
wclcomc.

Russell Sage (folli-gc will prcsoni
the sccoiid fil)-iniiiutt- color l'ilui,
i-ntillod "'I'lic (li'cnl 'l‘liiiw", in tlic

llith‘ similar musical tastes. Check
out my rcvicws of a number of
albums that you already haVc
heard. Then, if our tastes are
similar, and I rate an album high-
ly, you can be pretty safe in
buying it. (If our tastes diffcr, you
miglil want to do the oppositc,
spccd'ir'ally avoiding Ihc albums I
likc, and running out to buy the
albums I downgrade!)

WA'I‘T, Ten Years Al'li-r (Denim
XI)I‘IS lHlifiiI). ll minus. I think
Ilial 'I'cn Years After arc an Livcr-
ratcd group, but [his album has
some good momcnls.

“Slic Lics In the Morning"
is cxccllenl; sonic of the other
culs arc just (lull. 'I'hc album
(complctc with poster) consists of
seven studio cuts, all by Alvin
law, and “chct Lilllc Sixteen,"
of coursc by Chuck Berry, rccord~
HI Ich at the Isle of Wiglil. 'I‘lic
lch cut is not nearly as good as
you might cxpcct, and lllt' i-lcc
tronic sounds hclwmin tllt‘ other
cuts arc just plain pi‘ctcnlious.
Still, not bad. Alvin lit-c (whim-
grciilcst inl'liu-ncc remains
himsclf) has pul togcthcr sonic
pri-lty good material. (You can
tcll I‘m not cxciti-d, but I don't
want In ciiudcinn this cithcr.)

like Albany‘s got itself a Fillmore.
For anyone who hasn't heard,
Saturday night‘s Chicago concert
was just the beginning. National
Student Productions has an-
nounced a full schedule (it looks
just like a Fillmore schedule) and
they promise top acts every week
indefinitely as long as attendance
supports it. l should mention right
away that Nat‘l Student Produc-
tions is NOT the outfit that
fucked up the Dead concert. On
the contrary, NSP concerts seem
to be characterized by ii notice-
able lack of problems. And what
concerts will there be? The first
two weeks of Feb. look like this:
Small Faccs with Rod Stewart,
the Grease Band, Savoy Brown,
the Bee Gees with symphonic
orchestra, ’I‘ony Joe Wms. Life—
time with Jack Bruce, and, on
film, Super Show, with Led
Zepplin, Stills, Clapton, Buddy
Milcs, etc, And in the weeks
immediately following, livu at the
Palace: Byrds, Cactus, l0 Yrs.
After, Elton John, Hot Tuna,
Willic Dixon, Stapplc Singers aml

BLOWS AGAINST THE EMPIRE,
Paul Kantncr (RCA LSPIIIIH). A
plus. And no wonder: Along with
Kantcr on this trip :irc Gracc
Slick, Jerry Garcia, David Crosby
and Graham Nash, to name just a
l‘cw. ’I'hc album comes with a
of lyrics, but sclls at the regular
pricc (“D”) consistcnt with the
Airplane‘s policy of mil ripping
off thc public. The music and
lyrics are cxccllcnt throughout.
This is the album that the Air-
planc always had the piiicntial to
make, bul nt-vcr did (till now). It's
all about the plan for 7000 fi'caks
to hijack the first. iiitcr-sli-llar stur-
ship launched from plunct earth
and sail off to tour thc stars. At
first you may think lhcy'rc kid-
ding, bul. after a few lislcniiigs
you'rc rcady to sign up. Scc you
on the stiirship!

’l‘ R A I’EZE (THRESHOLD
'l‘llS #2). B. Hoar il bcforc you
buy it. You may or may not like
lhc lead vocalist. This group the
l‘irsl signi-d to the Moody Blur-s
'l‘hrcshold label and produccd by
Ihc Moddics .lohn Lodge, is kind
of a hard rock Bcc Got-ii. 'I‘hcy am
good, and llicrc's cvvn a nice
piciurc on Ihc covr-r.

 

Undergraduate Students

are needed to fill vacancies

on the following conimlttees:

Palace Theatre. Immediater it
resembled the Filmore. The
corridor in the fro t, the crowd,
the whole setup.”(Two people
came up to me as I walked in:
“Got any spare change? Got any
dope? That‘s when I knew for
sure that this was Fillmore
North).

On first were a guy and chick
billed as “Ohio Stop." They were
really pretty good but for some
reason they were put on at 11 :20
while people were still arriving. If
they wanted a background music,
they should’ve played a record,
but why make a group perform to
a crowd busy scanning the aisles
for a seat? Start the show on time.
Not late. But not early either.

Next on the bill was Barry
Melton (of Country Joe 8; Fish)
but when “Ohio Stop" were done,
a loud voice yelled "Show them
We care! Chicago! and there they
were (what happened to Barry
Melton?)

Chicago. Really, they were mag-

nificent. Maybe the word is dra-

matic, flashy, exciting. You know.

RED, WHITE, & BLUES IMAGE,
Blues Imago (A'l‘CO SD 33-1148).
C plus. The sound huvcrs some-
whcrc bctwccn bad top forty and
(irt'edellce (very good top forty).
'I‘l'icrc's a lot of talent here, but
[here's also a lack of improvisa-

the lead guitar and suddenly on
they come behind him and there
out of nowhere are the "brass-
men" and it hits you hard and
heavy. No shit. These people are
powerful, talented, and Very to-
gether. And there are seven of
them. Add that to some ﬁne
material and you have one beaut-
iful concert. It was one beautiful
concert.
Chicago. They played all the old
material we wanted to hear. They
played some things from their
new album Chicago I” (watch for
my review) and after maybe the
ﬁrst five minutes of warmup, they
were almost flawless. Fast and
fine. Much more exciting live than
on record. They‘re really fun to
watch.

Chicago. Nobody really knew
what time it was or how long
they‘d played (quite a while) but
we screamed for MORE. Well,
they really made the audience
Work to get them back. We were
screamin' and stompin‘ and yellin‘
and jcs' basically goin' insane.
They did come back finally. They
came back to play “I‘m A Man,“
the old Spencer Davis hit which
appears on Chicago's first album.
But I never heard it so good.
Sorry, no interview this time: “At
Chicago's request, there will be no
interviews."

A few words about the Palace
before I close, since it appears
that we'll be spending some time
there in the future. I'll be damned
if there‘s a had sent in the whole
flicking placu. The sound and the
view are both excellent through-
out Lhc theatre. The audience is
kept it bit subdued by the seats;

tioii, a top forty heal and top you don't have too many people

forty lyrics. A few culs (“Rlsc
Up" for i-xamplc) arc cxccllciit,

And I do play thc album.

IIEAVENLY STARS, Aretha
Franklin, Wilson Pickett, Solomon
Burke, Roberta Flack, 'l‘hc chci
Inspirations, lirook Bcnlon,
Myrna Summers, Marion Williams~
(COI‘ILLION SD 052). [3 minus.
It got this low it rating only
because I'm not really into guspcl
music; it goI this high a rating
bucriusc, in spitc of tlic above, it
was so wcll donc. Be aware of the
fact that someone who does like
Ibis kind of music would easily
givr- iI. an "A". It is ill) cxcollciit
st-lcclion (including Arcthu's vcr~
sion of “Lot It Be") by some very
talented pcoplc. The rating is only
because I know l won't play it
much, but if you‘re into this
music, by iill mciins, run out and

buy the album.

in ll position to jump up and
dance around. But shit, man,
thosc wcrc comfortable seats, and
if you‘re going to have to have
seats, tlicsc Were it lot better than
folding chairs and bleachers.

Onc down. note; real live Albany
cops, armed iind ready to go were
visible everywhere, strolling con-
stantly up thc aisles mid lurking in
the exits. Uniformed cops can
come on a bit heavy to people
trying to dig ll rock concert. Their
presence was not by their own
decision, nor was it the work of
the promoter, Apparently,
Chicago felt that they needed
“top security." So the problem
lies with us. A number of concerts
across the country have shown the
need for lots of security. Maybe
Albany can create a different
scenc for the Palace. We decide:
Arc we the Alttimont generation
or the Woodstock generation?

 

COMMODORE DELUXE
DRY CLEANERS

and

SHIRT LAUNDRY

 j

* sales SI 1p m u at be p rescn ted at CIVILISA'I'IUN scrim. on I’vb. lb,
III'II, :il 7 iii) I', M. in iln- Scluu'lit
lrllll‘ Ai‘ls ('i'iili-r on tho Sago
campus. Admission is l'rm- and the
public IS Wl‘lt‘OlIII‘.

Abortions are now lug,” In Now york} Olllil Iriiu Hililo l ili:i.iliiiuuirui-in
There are no rcSidcncy requirements. i"‘I

Located in Quad Lower Lounges

Dutch Colonial State

.2 S'I‘UI)IEN'I‘S
.I SOI’IIOMORE
AN1) 2 SENIORS

llniu ltltll'lililﬁ .iiiil Ilt'lll'l‘i

PARKING APPEALS COMMI'I"I‘I‘II*}
A'l‘lll.I'2'l'l(‘ ADVISORY IIOARI)

V iilii SCRIPTURES, Ill'jll (i b‘I/I
IOR IMMEDIATE PLACEMENT |N ACCREDITED Ilil I’m-.jiurt Drivo, ‘iiialloiil,

all times for all refunds.

HOSPITALS AND CLINICS AT LOW cosr CW ("MW

   

 

-x- Refunds will be mode in Cum”
_‘ “— GRAND OPENING
tunnel area. WOMEN'S PAVILION A3\'().\'.\"l‘/rI:I-‘I'
515 Madison Avenue Iii/l “ii/“NUS lil'l-W'
 New York. NY. 10022 /.i'h’kliu.\' .Wn'i‘l
.Allliuii,i',.\ )'

UNIVERSITY COVI‘IRN ANCI-l COMMISSION ‘2. S'I‘UI)EN'I'S
.2 S'I‘UI)I‘IN'I‘S
.«l S'I‘UI)IIZN'I'S

     
 

3m)

Mort-Fri. 4 pm-7 pm Sat. ll am-2 pm

STUDENT AFFAIRS (TOUNi‘Il.
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS COMMISSION

BECOME A TRUTHOLOGIST.‘
luaiii .i now a. |i‘|l||' lllill iilll m
Slriii'lliii- sin any It! | llllliillll Willi
ollinul lllllilllﬁlll |li l|lillh|ll hulio
Vllil lor iiiiiotliicliiiy llllllslllllll
inclurliiio ii

 

 

Bookstore flours: 0' ca” “"V ""‘° humus DIHSSUS*$~93 "-

Applicaiions are available In CC 346

Shuts (parknuud) $.20 ua.

' (212) 371-6670 or (212) 371-6650 -i.H-o5o.\' mum" m... min . . not. $.48un. SHHMWIW $28“ lid-Iimuis~s.90u.
Monday: 0 a timothy: u a AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK Wnll'i‘bvds, “comma-t. T“‘”“'""»'V' 'i'.” (3"“”“' A” Please return 0” al’l’l'ca‘m'" Skim ‘ ' ' 5“"5"""°"" .
bony, N,Y. IUDO I liuiiioloilv '5 Swuniois

'I'Licsdiiy: ‘) 8
chiicsdziy: 9-8

I’riday: ‘) -I: III
Siiiiirtlay: ‘) l

l'nmplwnull“ a StIIUIICU, nol .i ltlllﬂllllll A
THUTHOLOGIS-‘l' MEALS IDEO
LOGICAI: DII FEHENCES. Scho-
lastic Iiinuuv lIlVllutl.

F M , Februar 5.
‘0 CC 346 by 5 PM ' a” y STUDENTS AND FACULTY WELCOME '
"We do Tailoring, tool"

’l‘i-y its—Our work is guaranteed

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. We Will make
all arrangements for you and help you
Willi information and COUIISUIIIig.

Fri-c llcfriishini-nis
Girl watcrbi-d llhilll'lh
le'Il/lx'lbll', I'IL'Illfl/xllfl' o, W71
ill // All!

.»I (fUﬁL'I'I/Hlvli o/‘cucli offlich committees is avail-
able in CC 3116.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

