 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 1971

 

 

THE ASP SPORTS

 

 

’71 Stickmen Hurting For Some Good Grass

by Dave Fink
An ASP Analysis

3 f” ‘1' i A ,s n}  ~
last year’s Lacrosse Team enjoyed the luxury of green ﬁelds on
which to practice. The ‘71 Squad should nevertheless be most

successful—weather or not. . .
---bcnjamm

 

THIS WEEK ON WSUA 640

“Listen to WSUA in the Late E verting"
Monday 11-2 am Linda Lawson

Tuesday 1 1-2 am Mark Smolak

Wednesday 11—2 am Mike Sakellarides

Thursday 1 1-2 am .Ioe Geoco

Friday 12-4 am Brother Nicks

Saturday I 1-4 am The Saturday Night of Gold

Sunday I 1-2 am Bob Salerni
Tuesday Night 8 pm
An interview with Joanne Tortorici, member of the
Woman's Strike Committee on the march to the State
Capitol on March 27th.

Listener voted TOP [00 ll pm this Saturday Night.

 

Anywhere else in the nation, Lacrosse is played
outdoors, on green grass, in shorts and short-sleeved
jerseys. Except, this isn’t anywhere else, this is
Albany. Yesterday was the first day of spring and
the Varsity Lacrosse Team was still contending with
Mother Nature or Old Man Winter (they're one and
the same around here). They practiced outside
which is amazing but they still had to wear bulky
sweat suits and spend time picking the mud off their
sticks.

The point is, it‘s not ajoking matter and Coach
Robert Ford isn’t laughing. Lacrosse is suppOsed to
be played outdoors. Thus, it needs to be practiced
outdoors. The team's been out there for about 1%
weeks. They open their season April 1 against
Towaon (Md.) State (rated 15 in the nation last
year). Towson has been practicing on the grass since
early February. That's some headstart.

’I‘he'reason that practicing outdoors is so important
is that getting used to the way the hard rubber ball
bounces on the grass is an intricate part of the game.
The only way to get used to it (picking up ground
backs, handling bouncing shots) is by playing on it.

State Lacrosse fans—please should not become
discouraged” All hope is not lost. The Learn is
getting there, and they have a lot with which to get.
That means that the picture on the whole looks
good. Here's how it shapes up.

First, attack. It wouldn’t take a genius to know
we're strong here. Back for their fourth and last
years on the team are co-captains Larry Smith and
Steve Jakway. Smith was out for a good part of last

season with a broken rib, but seems to be the same
guy who led the team in scoring two years ago.
Jakway and newcomer Dick Garlock will comple-
ment Smith very well to make the attack very
formidable. Seniors Mike Gottfried and John Wilcox
will be the premier reserves here with the latter
swinging back and forth between attack and Mid-
field.

Ford is very happy with the Midfield situation.
This means depth.

Led by co-captain Kevin Sheehan, and Mark
Werder, Ford has been very impressed with the play
of Barry Sadoff, Bill Murphy, Tom Mullins, Jimmy
Miller, Jerry Solomon and Wilcox, who is possibly
the finest stickhandler of the bunch.

The defense could again be the weakest link of the
squad, but this is not to say it won't be good. 11
does look improved with the addition of Bill
Johnson, who joins holdOVers Larry Thompson,
Kurt Smith and George ’I‘urow. Marshall Winkler, up
until this year a middle, will be on defense and will
probably set a great deal of action there. He may
also swing to Midfield if ncedcd.

Finally, the goaltcnding seems to be the bright
spot of the learn. ’I‘om Hcislcr, considered by many
to he the finest small college goalie around last your
will probably start. He is backed up by Bobby Cole,
a starter for two years. The team won't lose much,
if anything, if Bobby is in the nets.

This Thursday, the Danes take on RPI in a
scrimmage. Come out and see how good these guys
arc-~that.‘s as long as it doesn't snow, I meant!

Synch Swimmers Place 4th

by Aralynn Abare Through the

Looking Glass. "

year‘s meet, also held here, the

 

 

The Albany Synchronized Swim
Club placed fourth out of ten
schools in the Third Annual East-
crn Intercollegiate Synchronized
Swimming Conference Routine
Competition, held here Saturday.

Ranking first in the meet was
the University of Vermont, sec«
and, SUC Brockport, and third,
Penn State. Other participating
schools were Skidmore, SUC Gen-
eseo, CUNY Hunter College, SUC
Buffalo, SUNY Stonybrook and
Brandeis University.

Albany entered four routines in
the competition, a beginner
group, two intermediate ducts,
and an advanced solo. The begin-
ners took first place against four
other routines with “Alice

Members of the team were Peggy

Dalhcim, Denny Goldberg, Judy
Johnson, Carol Mann (alternate),
Gloria Neward, Margaret Reiley,
Bev Schmidt, and lrene Skidmorc.
The ducts ranked sixth anti
ninth of thc 111 routines cntcrcd
in this category. Sixth place
Sandy Craft" and Meg I‘lahne swam
in "Farewell at the Grey Havens,"
and Jackie Levy and Debbie
Swalm placed ninth in “Elves
Moonlight Potion."

Freshman Maureen Mclling, in
"meuur," placed third in ad-
vanced solo competition against
it other swimmers.

This is the second year the
Albany Club has participated in
the stunt competition. At last

SUNYA team ranked sixth out of
11 schools, with a first place
beginner tcnm, plus third and
fourth place intermediate duels.

Albany couch Pat Rogers com-
pared thc two yours ol' computi-
tion, noting that “thc Icvul ofskill
ability was much better ovcrall
than last ycar, especially in thc
advanced solo category. Also, thc
mcn who participated added a
new dimension to the competi-
tion; it was no longer just a girl's
sport."

Next. year, the team will com-
pete again in both stunt and rou-
tine competition, at Brandeis and
Stonybrook respectively. In addi-
tion, they plan to put on a water
show.

Hill ML" llllll

GENESEE CREAM ALE

lttt-lmnt-srv Int-w...“ ( .. rm Hm tut-n... N r

 

FIVE cams off campus

Albany Student“ Press ‘

Vol. lVlll No. 24

SUNY Applications
Increase l 3%

by Bruce B. Detlefsen
AP Education Writer

State University Chancellor Ernest L. Boyer reported Tuesday a 13
percent jump so far this year in the number of applicants for
admission to 49 SUNY campuses.

Figures given by the chancellor show there now are 128,000
prospective students competing for 60,000 freshman places and
12.000 sophomore, junior and senior transfer openings. This compares
with 108,500 at this time in 1970.

Buyer's report relates to 2'7 state-operated campuses and 22 locally
sponsored community colleges within the SUNY system that partici-
pate in a uniform admissions program. The entire system is made up
of 70 institutions.

Boyer also said that, by the time the admissions year is concluded,
the total number of applicants for the 410 schools is cxpcctcd to reach
between 140,000 and 160,000. The figure for last year was 135,000.

A university spokesman, in response to an inquiry, said the 123,000
applicants havu submitted 216,049 applications to SUNY branches.

The breakdown of applications was giVen as: 48,278 for the four
university centers; 90,189 for the four-year colleges; 28,019 for the
six agricultural and technical colleges; and 49,068 for the community
colleges that are in the uniform admissions program.

The university also has a central referral service through which
applicants not admitted to the college of their choice can have their
applications sent to other SUNY institutions and a small group of
private colleges that may have vacancies.

Last year, there was another admissions “crunch” that kept a large
number of high school graduates out of their first choice within the
system.

In many cases, these candidates took an alternative, fastgrowing
route known as “two~plus-two."

That is, after failing to gain admission to a four-year college, they
went. to a two-year SUNY institution with the understanding that
they would be able to transfer later to one of the colleges of arts and
sciences or university centers.

Individual units within the system have a great deal of autonomy in
deciding which applicants get admitted. Thc policy in recent years has
been for some candidates to be considered on the basis of special
criteria.

That is, a small portion of the openings may be set aside for
applicants with an exceptional interest in some specific course
offerings. In addition, SUNY branches accept hundreds of applicants
from so-callcd disadvantaged areas who may not meet usual entrance
requirements.

Senate Rejects

ROTC Credit

by Bob Kanarek

The Univorsity Senate has denied credit for ROTC courses. Since
ROTC is not offcrcd at SUNYA, the original proposal to grant ROTC
crcdil. was dirt-clcd towards transfer students who have completed
ROTC at olhcr schools prior to enrollment at SUNYA. Discussion of
the proposal t'cnlcl‘l'd around 1110 academic virlucs of ROTC in rcgards
to course conlcnl, tln- qualifications of instructors, and the ohjcctivcs
of tlic courses. 'l‘htl proposal was defeated on Monday by a vote of
"'l “7- l, I'm-confirming lhc Unin-r-
sity's policy towards ROTC.

'l'hc Ht-natt- pnsscd a bill that
cstalilishr-d guidelines for Out-
slanding ’l‘cachcr Awards. As
many as two awards a ycnr may
ln- [)l't'ﬁt‘lllt‘tl. Each award Wlll be
$2,000 If lllt' ni-ci'ssnry funds are
available.

A rt-solnllon was passod 111 ro-
gard to lhr- Hudson Mohawk Asso-
t'l-tllltll of ('olli-gt-s and Univcr-
sIlIi-s, an association for ('ollr-go
t'titrpt'l'illiutl lll Illt‘ art-a 'l'hc roan»
Inlion t‘l‘t'iilllllil'llllt'll that l’l't'til'
tlcnt IIt'Ilet'l nt-gollnlc possible
llll‘llllit'l'hlllp III the Ahmit'ltlllull if
lllh ol‘t'n't- should I't't‘t‘lvt' nn Invita-
tion to do ..o. The [\hhllt‘llllltill was
l't'plll'll'il to hr- lwncflcnil in fur-
thi-ring lll‘tltll'illll‘ llllt'l't‘hln 1w-
twm-n nu-mln-r M'lltntln

Also purist-d wcrc lwo Iilllh tltlillb'
lishing graduate programs loading
to It DoctornttI degree in Anthro-
pology and the School of Library
Sciatica.

State University of New Yorlr at Albany

Wednesday. March 24. 1971

Applications for admission to the 49 SUNY campuses have increased 13% this year.Where are we going

to put everyone?

SA Constitution Passes
Lampert Clarifies Results

by Tom Clingta

Despite rumors to the contrary,
and a fch column headline in the
ASP, the new S.A. constitution
has actually passed. A combina-
tion of factors showed that the
necessary 20% of the electorate
has voted in the referendum,
contrary to earlier reports.

According to Mike Lampert,
Vice President of Student Asso-
ciulion, these were the reasons for
the change:

“Wc tried, for 3 days before the
results were in, to get the exact

figure (of undergraduate students
eligible to vote) from the Office
of Institutional Research. All we
could get was a total. This, of
course was different from two
figures contained in the Middle
States Self-Study, prepared for
the accreditation visit lust Feb-
ruary, which didn't agree with
each other, anyway. All of these
averaged around H900, and at that
time the vote count was only
1562, which was far lcss than the
20% needed.

"Monday morning we found out

The University Senate approved a bill establishing guidelines for the granting of Outstanding Teacher
Awards. As away as two awards may be presented. Each award will be $2,000.

---uolomon

---rosenberg

that the 8900 figure included stu-
dents classlfied as year ‘15.’ These
people are basically businessman
and housewives taking courses at
night. As such, they are not. really
(members of SA. If you subtract
these 900 'undergraduntes' from
the total, you get about 8000
undergraduates as the true mem-
bership of Student Association.
The exact total is somewhat to-
wcr, and by our count twenty
percent would be 1679."

anpert went on to explain the
change in the ballot count. “The
13y Lawa of SA. mandate a dou-
blc count, which was not comple-
ted bel'ort- Tuesday. The results,
counted by a different group of
pimple, came out to 16011. The
change was so grcat that we
counted again, and still came out
with 1604 - 1240 in favor, 230
opposed, and 11H ubstcntions.
Sincc the turnout was higher than
we originally thought, and the
20% figure lower, we saw that we
did indeed havo thtl necessary
votes to pass."

The Student Affairs Council of
tho Univorsily ilcnato must now
approve the document. The only
problem seems to be several
phrases which, according to Lam-
purl, "wore liftod Verbatim from
the present constitution which
Student Affairs Council ralit'iod in
1060."

launpcrl also said that the earli-
ast possible time that elections
could be held would be the last
week in April, after rosldonca
assignments are handed out.

 

