 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS!

  

 

  

Commu

 

Piracy

To All Those Who Saw Peter Pan:

The nursery has been torn down and all of

Neverland and the pirate ship. Physically, there‘s
nothing left of Peter Pan. But in the heads of all
those involved with the production there is and
always will be a really beautiful memory. I’d like to
thank all those who came to see the play. Your very
enthusiastic reaction gave everyone involved an
incredibly beautiful feeling. Your reaction helped
us to create the fantasy of Peter Pan and to believe
in it. To see that you believed in it also was a
tremendous up. I think that l can speak for the
entire cast, orchestra and crew in thanking you for
digging on us and that we dug on you. And also
thanks for believing.

A Pirate

Social Welfare Strike

To the Editor:

The expulsion of two students, Jane Axel and
Warren Bower, from the School of Social Welfare,
has triggered a wave of student mililancy at the
School. Both cases revolved around the evaluation
they received in field placement.

Angcred by what they considered arbitrary treat»
ment, the student body has organized to develop
policy and procedures at the School which hereto-
fore have been nonexistent. Previous proposals have
been rejected.

The student body, after a stormy meeting, voted
to send a committee to negotiate with faculty
members appointed by Dean O'lteilly on a policy
regarding field placement. Most of the controVersy
at that meeting centered around whether a strike
should be called immediately or postponed until
March 22 pending negotiations. Meanwhile, students
are organizing a campaign to bring pri re for
change at the School. This includes cont. ,.ng the
Council on Social Work Education, the National
Association of Social Workers, social agencies ill the
area to seek more meaningful field placements, as
Well as contacting campuses from which the School
recruits its future students to discourage them from
attending the School until the situation is resolved.

  

Submitted to the ASP
by the Strike Committee

Going to the dogs?

To the ASP'

(,‘ongratulations to the ASP for allowing the
expose on the (Inuit Dog Conspiracy. l'm tired of

 

nications

seeing these weird creatures meandering about

aimlessly and non<productively on the podium. I

must question their distraction however; they are

actually disguising their true objectives.

The article reveals that they travel in and out of
buildings at will. This may come as a shock to some
of you, since the mechanism for opening doors was
thought capable only of humans. They appear to
have mastered this with outside help; just how is
still a mystery, but it smacks of commie perversion.

These distractions have reportedly been slobbering
all over the library. Although l have only heard of
such action l cannot wait to see and possibly
document these atrocities on film.

Do not be fooled students! This is a piiiko plot to
subvert our precious educational system. First flou-
ride, now dogs; God knows what is yet to come!
Just the other (lay one of these distractions ap—
proached me and attempted to coerce me into
rubbing its head,arrrghh! l was studying for my
Elementary Productivity exam and this horrible
outrage utterly destroyed my chain of thought.
Other students, less informed than l, Were actually
amused by the deranged compulsions of the sub-
liuman creation.

The worst is yet to come. Now that spring is here
you will notice an increase in the number of birds
on campus. Informed sources tell us that they have
been South for the winter on a certain island in the
Carribbean, where noted perversions have been
reported. ’l‘hese flying distractions are now looking
more and more aimless and non-productive, so
beware! l therefore that for the good of
America and the preservation of all that we are
meant to have been in the name of God, we should
set tip air defense screens and interceptors to stop
this pcrinissivv airborne pcrvr'rsion.

fe cl

Ward Gregory

Enlightenment
To the Editor'

'l'hursday night's meeting of (‘entral Council once
again demonstrated the elite snobbery of this most
unrepresentalive body.

The notion of a “no~plan" meal option came up
and it was decided by the “enlightened” members
of Council that an opinion poll concerning this
matter could not be sent to the student body
because, "They don't. know all the implications.“

Action must be taken against a body that has
consistently been afraid to give the students the
voice in their govurninent which they are entitled
to.

The alternative that we suggest is that any student
who is in favor of a “ntrplun” meal option, which
would do away with mandilory board, should write
it short note stating this and gch it to the Campus
(:cntcrinformation desk addressed to the (irievance
(.ommittee in the Student Association office.

Let your voice be heard, before
idea is ptit out. by the "
Council!

this enlightened
enlightened" members of

In peace,

Paul J. (ioldstcin
David Peck
Members of Council

By giving your support to a no-
you are not stating that you wont
advantage of it.

plan meal option
d necessarily talte

   

Editorial Com nent

Real or Rationalized?

Last night Central Council arbitrarily ruled
that part of the student body shouldn’t have
been allowed to vote. Luckily none of them
had voted anyway. The reason, or rationali-
zation, behind the action, was that the bursar
had made a mistake. Actually, S.A. needed
600 less voters so that the actual turnout
would pass the needed 20% to pass. Granted,
the vote was heavily in favor of the con-
stitution anyway, and none of the disenfran-
chised had voted, docs this allow Central
Council to, ex portfacro reduce the clcctorate
to fit the necessary proportions?

If more people cared about student govern-
ment, something would be done about flagrant
acts like this one. But: then, had more cared.
S.A. wouldn’t be in this mess with the refer-
cndum.

Library Controversy

The Library has recently come into a lot of
criticism, especially regarding some peculiar
and rather unique practices. Undoubtedly, part
of the problem is not the Library‘s fault/They
arc only allot:th so much space and money.
Many problems are, however, able to be
solved, and i hope the library is attempting to
solve them. Criticism is an important part of
the procedure, and thc Library has shown
itself receptive to complaints.

it should be remembered, though, that tll.itt_\
of the student gripes about the Library are
directly attributable to other students. Needed
almost as much as physical library inipro
vcments are improvements in the ('onsrieuo-s
of some of the “borrowers”. it. you can't find
a Copy of some periodical, maybe its lit-taint
another reader decided he couldn't part with
it, even fora fellow student.

Remember that while we ask for .lli iiupro
ved Library, we should also pray for .1!)
improved borrower.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17, 1971

   

 

albany student press

llie Albany Student l‘ium. is liltlillldltltl tluuu luuo‘. iii-i weei 'ltyll‘il ’l “
iiiadeunc year (exrupl (llllIHtl tarts. sl by line Student Aw“ lilll m it
bliilu lJnIversrty ol New York at Allmny. llio Student /\-.-.oi anion .,i i
llilCrtliitﬁiS Center 346 at l/lUti Wastunuiou /\votnu'_l\lli.uiy
11AM. Subsciipiion pine is $0 |lt.'l vent tit fill: |lt'l semester 'w
tlidillittltitf'iiilllililltlliI”,litlllsltill5i[)1|,l\lttw Yoii.

 

.,,.

 

 

 

ei/ilor-iii-i'liiiy'
thomas g. clingan

Iiiimagiug («Ii/or L'.\'t'r'lllfl‘(‘ ('tlflt'r

- ' - - . .aralynnabarc - - - Ulrt’llllttll'”
{"/"""“'-"l"l.t’ manager It(‘it'.\' viii/or
‘ ' ~ - - - .jcl'frodgcrs . . . . .Vlt'kllt‘ltlltl
I"”‘.’V”"-"-" "HI/Hitler tl.\'.i'lit'ltll(‘ urn-x t’t/llrll‘t‘

.roy lcuis
inaida aringlicr

terry null

_' - - - - ~I .cliuck rihak
(Luis/mil liar/nan mmmgcr
pliil mark _ ~ - - - .
jet/Inna" ('t/l/Iil'

. dcbhie natausullll
(on a '1'qu fcu/uri'x t't/l/l ir
iohn fairhall

Ice/maul ci/I'lorx
.sue scligson
dan willianis

. . , . . . warrenwisliart ' ' ‘ '

mlrcrI/lii/re lio'oul "fl" “1””

. . . . . . . .tinnrhodes . - . . lindanatrrs

(initial/on nmlmgcr assoc/ale arlr l'llf/tlr

. . . . . . . sucfaulkner uiicliElepali-llil

gin/Jili/i‘Iari'ijici/

. dorotliy pliillip

worn m/in if
I I i - . . . robert Ian-tuba

grim/mar m ’ mm,” mm”

' ‘ ' ' ' ' ' - l‘ilIgutunan . . . . .r,_|.\\araer

[)lliiliiXNl/th]: mm”. l’m, (ll/"W

. jay roseulicrg s'llll‘" “II”

Tim Albany Student Press can be found Ill Room 326 of the Canilil"
Center of the State University of New York in Albany, but then wtia‘tl
want to? We started In 1916 and have managed to survive throunhll'”

 

courtesy at a mandatory student tax. Our phone number: an 457-2190 “"d
2194 and we are a member of the Associated pruu.

Communications are limited to 300 words and are whlocl to editing W 'l‘“
clown at the top. pence

 

l—

 

WEDNESUAX, MARCH 17, 1971

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

    
 

     
  
  
 

by Stephen Villano
An ASP Column

    
   
 

The President looked worried.

“It has become obvious," he said," that we cannot
intimidate the Premier by threatening to apply
economic pressure."

“That is correct," said the Secretary.

“Yes,” nodded the Chief Advisor.

“We cannot seek to control the Premier's govern-
ment militarily, gentlemen— that would not be
moral," the President continued. “After all,"he said
as he stared past the Secretary and the Chief
Advisor,"they are our allies."

"That is correct," said the Chief Advisur.

“Yes,” nodded the Secretary.

“But we cannot, gentlemen, concede to them all
of the land that they want because after The War
they will use their acquisitions as launching pads for
their peculiar political doctrine, and we will be
faced with a new and even more insidious enemy
than we now have."

“ if only we could trust the Premier," the Chief
Atlvisor said.

“The Premier respects power, said the Secretary,
“Perhaps we could postpone the Summit Confer-
ence until... until the Ultimate Weapon has been
tested. Then We shall be holding the trump card and
the Premier will be forced to see things our way."

“The Ultimate Weapon," nnirmnred the Chief
Advisor.

"...ll Would make bargaining with the Premier a
good (leal easier," said the President. “ And, it
would even enable us to wrap~up the last phase of
The War without his meddling."

“My only hope,“ said the Secretary, “is that the
tests are successful."

“Let us pray that they are, the President added.

The men nodded to each other and quietly left the
room.

 
   
  
   
  
 
    
     
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
    
     
   
  
  

   
     
   
   
     
   
    
   
    
 

n

    
   
 

***t$*****

  
  
  
 

“Babies satisfactorily born?" asked the Prime
Minister as be stared at the picCe of paper just

   
  
 

  

'HEY. MAJOR—IF WE HEAR ANY RED ALERTS ON THE RADIO. SHOULD WE LET YOU KNOW?‘

The will of the technocracy.

The Master Card

handed to him.

“ It means," the Chief Advisor said,”that the
Ultimate Weapon is a reality."

“Now I know what happened to the President
yesterday,” the Prime Minister said. “I could not
understand it. When we got to yesterday's Summit
session he was a changed man. He told the Premier
when to get on and off and be generally bossed the
whole meeting. Now he has his Master Card."

“Yes, and I intend to use It," said the President as
he strode into the Prime Minister's suite.

"You have decided to use It against the Enemy?"
asked the Prime Minister.

l‘l never really decided anything," said the Presi-
dent. “ The Weapon pretty much decided things for
us when It‘s test was so successful. We have It. It
Works. We‘ll use It. lt'll give the world a chalice to
face the facts. Mankind will be glad that We
discovered It before the Enemy did. It will bring
The War to a speedy end, without the Premier‘s
help. So you see, it was an easy nonvdecision on my
part. The only decision that was made was made by
the Timing Mechanism of the Weapon Itself."

"But is it necessaw?" asked the prime minister

“Yes,” said the president.

“But all of the enemies seaports are destroyed,"
said the prime minister.

“ I know," said the president.

“Her airforce is virtually devastated and her people
are experiencing a famine," said the prime minister.

“Yes, that is true," said the president.

“ Your own generals have said that the enemy
cannot last for another two weeks," said the prime
minister.

“Yes, that is so," said the president.

” And you yourself, baVe told me that your
government. has decoded a plea for peace sent from
the enemy to the premier," said the prime minister.

“Yes, that is correct," said the president.

“Shouldn't we at least tell the premier that we are
going to use the Ultimate Weapon?" asked the
prime minister.

"He will find out when It hits Hiroshima," said
the president.

 

    
 

Whitney Young

    

BROADWAY ROADSHOW

 

Dead at 49

NEW YORK (AP) Mourners
by the thousands filed by the
open coffin where the body of
Whitney M. Young Jr. lay in state
at Rivarside Church Monday.

“I wanted the people to see
him," said his widow wlio accom~
pnnied the body to the non
denominational church, a Neo-
(iothic structure on a bluff over-
looking thc l‘ludson RiVer.

Young, a civil rights leader who
served as executive director of the

 
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
  

A-EI‘ICAN 'l‘l'l Iuvrnl: Lnnauni

 

 

renaissance!
Opening APllll. 16in —0Nf WEEK Only

ill The PALACE in Albany

 

 

National Urban League, died
while swimming in the Atlantic

  

MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED

 

  

off Lagos, Nigeria, last Thursday.

Chief medical examiner Milton
llelpern ruled that death resulted
from a cerebral hemorrhage.
Young was >19.

President Nixon sent a US. Air
Force jet to bring the body home'
and it arrived here Sunday night.

Nixon planned to attend burial

   
   
 
   
    

 

CHECK DATE WANTED
[jFRLApr-ldul 5:30
DSAT.Apr.l7ul moo
[jargon-Homo
[:Jsunamnhr mo
[:]SUN.Apr.lIII 2:30
macaroni“: mo
Dru: “.10.: mo
DWED Apnlllt I00

-------------I
PLEASE NOTE ALTERNATE DATE:
_______________ _._

ALL PRICES EXCEPT SUNDAY MATINEE
ORCHESTRAi $6.50, $7.50, $6.00- LOGE: $0.50
-P:}_CONY.:.Low-i37.50,)6410— Uppu $3.50
SUNDAV MATINEE ILOO Lu: In All Cningoiln

Mail Rouble Von AMIIICAN mum lﬂGUL In]
to. Ill “it. knurled: "NI

 

 

 

50nd I

 

 

 

serVices Wednesday in Lexington,
Ky., whure Young's mother Is

 

Inch! "I Q $—
lwlou I lump“, nit-“round mot-pt.

 

  

 

  
    

 

  

 

    

Rockefeller and Mayor Lindsay

  

 

buried. Young was born in Lin- IN'm' Phon-
coln Ridge, Ky. l-Addrou

A funeral service is scheduled In” J
here Tuesday with Gov. Nelson A. [b' ------

------------
FOR TICKET INFORMATION CALL: 371-7233

 

 

 

planning to attend.

    

 
 

 

 

Racial A
Nonconformity

by Mitchell Frost
An ASP Column

With all the talk of a “racial crisis" here at SUNYA, people have
begun to take an hysterical approach to the problem of peaceful
co-existence. Battle lines are being drawn and suddenly I ﬁnd
myself being told that I'm either on“our side" l(I‘m white) or
“theiis”. This whole conﬂict can be quite depressing because it.
leaves out. any recognition of the individual“! must take lldel.

In my class the other day, I was told by a black girl that: “black-
people" feel they are superior (intellectually, emotionally, etc.) to
whites, and that "black people" on» this campus feel great
animosity toward all whites. When I asked to whom she was
referring when she said “black people”, she said 90% of the black
population of the SUNYA campus. 90% mind you! She was not
speaking as an individual. She became chained-proclaimed
spokesman for 90% of this UniVersity’s-black population...excuse
me, “Third World” population. Obviously, she admittedgthefle are
blacks who disagree with her views. She admitted that there are
some blacks who don‘t sneer and growl when they pass a white
student on the podium.

There are even some blacks who've become quite friendly with
some whites. But, she hastens to add, these are not real blacks;
they are whites in black skin. So we have a situation in which one
girl feels qualified to provide the criterion for membership into
the black race; the criterion being a compliance with her views.
There is no room for error. What she says is fact and anyone who
disagrees is white, in one way or another. Just as Hitler “exiled”
those who did not fit his definition of the superior race, this single
black girl on a campus of hundreds of blacks has exiled from the
black race all blacks who don't fit her precise model and succumb
to her stereotype.

It's really not her fault, though. This habit. of beginning each
sentence with “We...” (We 1—black perso'n, 2-whlte
people,3—Amerieans,etc) has permeated almost every level of
social and political discourse. People are “accused” of agreeing
with the wrong people; a black student is ostracised for rushing a
frat. Individuality is stifled; one must now "belong". It's very
frustrating . People are no longer themselves, but part of a group.
Each member must act and feel like the other for fear of being
exiled. Such an atmosphere is the perfect breeding ground for
tension and conﬂict, and it makes for a very cold and impersonal
university community.

 

 

 

  
  

milling
svs m
stinks... '

 
 
      
 

- 0 W d.
iheieelmy as;
IS III I. One week

 
  

 

 
 
  

If you 're
over 30—

   

“ THE

 

 

l’”"”’°°°"“°"l

--------------------

Swalden Council
Presents

The Music Man
(with Rabat Preston)

March 18 8110 PM LC 20

Mard119&20 7&10PM

LC 18
Tickets:

Swalden tax cards 25¢ Others 750.
i

   
  

«2562's **

 
 
     

