PAGE 10

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1971

 

Assisting Alma

Mater
by Leonard Marks

The Alumni Association has, in the recent past, increased to 17,000. The oldest
of these is a member of the class of 1887 who still pays her yearly dues of $10.
Still, alumni support at Albany State is comparatively quite low. Only an estimated
10% of the alumni that are kept informed by the association pay the yearly dues.

The Alumni Association, consisting of four staff members. provides several
services for past grads and for the University. Members recelVe the quarterly
newspaper The Carillon and other literature. Class reunions are organized through
the office, as are several homecoming events and Alumni Day, which will be May
1st. Through the Benevolent Association the alumni grant approximately 30.000
dollars a year in scholarships; this money has come from the construction and sale
of Pierce and Sayies Halls.

Unlike many other universities, Albany's alumni have made no individual
financial contributions. It is hoped that in the future such contributions will
supplement the basic budget offered by the state. Dave Jenks. the executive
secretary of the Alumni Association, feels that such financial support “will give the
school more ﬂexibility and offer it greater ability to seed new projects." He hopes
that alumni support will be available for innovative projects, such as the
environmental studies program. financing graduate assistantships, and supporting
professors’ attempts to have more scholarly workshops with other people
prominent in different fields.

Although financial contributions are lacking. Mr. Jenks feels the alumni can still
be a great asset. They can help in the placement of graduates from SUNYA. "Like
no other school. the alumni of Albany are deeply imbedded in the educational
system in which the school must operate." Many past grads hold offices in the
system and he feels they can do much to help the school if they are kept well
informed and are shown a purpose for aiding their alma mater. Nearly 146% of the
alumni still live in New York State and more than 5.000 reside in the Albany area.

Mr. Jenks feels that Albany will hardly reach the proverbial situation where the
administration quakes when the wealthy alumnus comes on campus to "look
around." nor does he believe that the alumni wish to "control the direction of the
institution." Though he agrees the alumni may be conservative by nature. he states
that “alumni- supported programs would not be hindered in their seeking of new
and innovative directions."

Year-Round Session for High Schools?

ALBANY, N.Y. AP - Proposed legislation to
encourage local school districts to adopt the contro-
versial “continuous learning year" was introduced
Wednesday by Assemblyman Joseph R. Pisani and
Sen. Thomas Laverne, both Republicans.

The key purpose of the bill is to protect the
districts against the loss of state financial assistance
if they choose to replace the traditional summer
vacation with short recesses spread over the Calendar
year.

At present. there generally is no stale aid for
programs conducted in July and August.

Various cycling plans could be set up at the option
of local districts so thiit. for example. one-fifth of
the over-all student body always would be on
Vacation for two- or three-week periods on a

rotating basis.

As a result. school districLs operating year-round
could accommodate more pupils without having to
expand physical facilities.

Pisani and Laverne said the proposal also would
improve the quality of education by allowing more
flexible scheduling and by doing away with the
“learning loss" that many children cxpericncu be-
cause of the long summer vacation. Pisani intro-
duced comparable legislation last year. It was
rejected by the Assembly and,did not reach lhc
Senate for dcbatc.

The chances of approval are considered beltcr this
your. partly because Laverne. tln- new chairman of
the Senate Education Committee. has become the
main sponsor in his house.

Will this go with the Revolution?

 

...polskowski

GREEKS GO MODERN

by Bob Kanarek

Upsilon Phi Sigma has revealed a
new and most revolutionary plan
to update the college fraternity.
The brothers of UPS haVe institu-
ted a sisterhood program, thus
becoming the first co-ed fraternity
on campus. Michael Lieberman.
Rushmaster. said that approxi-
mately '25 women. independents
as well as sorority members, will
comprise the initial charter of the
program.

UPS plans to organize an intc-
gral program involving both Uni-
versity men and women. Each
member will llilVL‘ equal privileges
in determining organizational
functions and policies. Plans have
been made to institutt' 2m enroll-

SEX IS YOUR BUSINESS
(BIRTH CONTROL IS oun)

We believe you're entitled to your privacy when It comes to bu ing
contraceptives. We're a nonprofit family planning agency an we
offer you contraceptives throu h the privacy 0 l e mails. We
specialize in men's products ﬁncluding two new European im-
portsl—but we have nonprescription foam for women. too. And a
wide assortment of books and pamphlets to answer your questions
on birth control. family planning. the population problem and
ecology.

Interested? Write today for full details without obligation or
Send $4 for package of mixed samples (3 each of live condom
brands. including both British imports)

This program is endorsed by the Community and Family Study
Center of the Untucrlltu or Chicago.

 

 

 

l POPULATION SERVICES. INC. 
IO: N. Columbia lit" Dept. J.” . Chlpel III". N. C. 215" g

. Gentleman: Please send me Sample package lremltunce

lenelosed l‘ull detalls without cbllutlon.

‘ Namc_._____ A“ ..__.. _ AA. ,, _,A.__.

5 Address- ......A...... . . ._.. ..- .__.- .......__._ ~

I

I

l

 

   

 

 

 

Undergraduate Students

are needed to fill vacancies

on the following committees:

PARKING APPEALS C()MMI'l”l‘l‘)E
A'I‘l’II.ETIC ADVISORY BOARD

.2 S’I‘UI)EN'I‘S
.l SOI'IIOMORE
ANI) 2 SENIORS
UNIVERSITY GOVERNANCE COMMISSION 2 STUDENTS
i'TUDEN'I‘ AFFAIRS COUNCIL .2 STUDEN'I‘S
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS COMMISSION .-| STUDENTS

Applications are available in CC 346
Please return all applications
to CC 346 by 5 PM Friday. February 5.

A description ()flfurrh o/‘lhcuc committees is avail-
ubln in (.‘(J Sir/Ii.

 

Non-violent Action

Training

The Peace l'rop-cl is sponsoring a Wl'l'kl‘lltl of training lll
non Violent action. February l8» 2 | .lEl'l I. The training will be
ll'll by the New York (‘in Quaker Project on (knumuuity
(‘onl'licl (Ql’i‘l') 'I‘Iirough role-playing. (llst'llrmllill, classes on
strategy. Inclu's. lcndi-i'sliip mill dirch action nu-thuds. Wc Will
cxplin‘c ('l‘l'llllVl‘. forceful and loving ways to build a Just and
peaceful Mit’ll'l)’ We Will livr tlllll work logl-llu-r during llli'
Wt‘l'kl'llii Hopi-fully. lllllM' who conu- :iw;iy Willi :i commit
llIl‘III to non Villll'lll't‘ will want to Slay III touch and ill follow
up. .I.'\ ll group. (III \vli.il lIlill t'ommiliucut llll'tlllh

The first small!” will begin 'l'hui'sdziy iiighl. l"cbriiiii'y Iii. :it
7 .‘lll I’M ill the Annt'llllll)’ ilnll of the SUN Y (‘ninpus (‘unlcr
'l'lil- wcoinl M'NMUII Will iii-gin Friday. |"l-bi'uary III. in the
hollow.de Hall of llu- llnitni‘uin ('liurrh. 10:: Washington
/\V1'll||l'. Albany. .it 2': Jill PM and continuing llirough Sunday
It is Illllllll'lillll that you bc .lllll' to attend the i-nlirc Wtil'lthlllil)
ill-ginning \VIllI Friday's .suppcr. Illl'illh illltl hll‘l'lllilu Wlll lic Iii
lhc linilni‘iuii l‘hui'cli lli'mg your own lit-riding and Iowcls
The charge i.~. $7 for SUN YA nilllll‘tllh Willi tux cord.» and Iiilll

for all olhcrs l’lI-ani' do not ll'l llllh l'cc lump you away.

indicate on the application form below if you cannot afford
lllc fol-

For IllUI'l' uil'oruuiti-iii or to confirm your application [)ll'ilac
call Muddy al lfi7 772i). lilll'l‘y ill lb7‘ti7lti. Martha nt
lliil»7ll l. or ('apilzil /\I'l'i| l’i'zici- ('cnli-i' ill lliiivtiltli'i l’lciw-
send your application form. wuh paymi-nl If i)llhsll)ll'. lo
Maddy lfoill-n. llAiitl-ll. SUNYA. l-llltl Washington Aye.
Albany.N Y 122ml.

Yes. I will attend the NONVIOLENI' ACTION TRAINING
workshop. February Iii-2|. l07l.

Name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Phone.
Address . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sex? . . Slinlc:iiiilSUNY/\'!- . lilac-where"
l-‘acully‘.’ . . . . , . . . . . . . . , . 
()rgaiiiraiiunal affiliations
Do you need financial aid'.’
I’iiynicnl enclosed? . . .
(‘oiiiincnls‘l

.Howniucli'.’ .

 

ment for all University women
shortly after spring vacation.

A second major innovation of
UPS has been the ubolishmcnt of
pledging. thus eliminating what
the brothers feel to be the per-
sonal abuse and childish harass-
ment of rushccs. The brothers
agree that such practices are ar-
chaic and outmoded. UPS also
plans to establish co-cd housing
for its members next semester.

These steps. in the opinion of
Sanford Cohenl Social Chairman.
will result in a new type of Social
organization that will I'l‘(ll‘fllll' lhc
word “fraternity.”

IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI.

This Sunday's inter-Sorority
Cokcr will mark tlic beginning of
the filial spring rush period for
fcmalc campus Greeks. Starting
next. semester. only one rush pl'l‘
iod will l)l' llL'lfi t'ilCll year. with u
fall cokci' and an early spring
pledge period.

This action was taken as n result
of a vote of Illlt‘f‘sul'lit‘lly(itilllll'll
last semester. The large amount of
timc required for rush functions
was (tilt-d by (‘alhy Whali-u as a
major factor in thc decision-

From
SOE

'l'lic School of l‘idlll‘ulllill Ls iii
llll‘ process of i‘cyising llh l‘ltlll'hl'
offerings and requii'l-iin-nls; tin-
handful of hilllll'lllh m llll' li-ai'h
mg program now lllVlilVl'll lli llllh
revision process Will soon Ili'l'll
llt'li). along Willi lIII‘I'I'tIM'tl feed
back ol'sludi-nl opinion

Auyom- lllll‘l‘l'hll‘ll III lu-lpmg at
('Iimmillcc int-clings or in sharing
an opinion nboul l‘lducnlion cour
St'h Is asked to call .lackic ('oopcr
at 7 7NBH. or 1'lhl' drop in lfoom
fill) of the Ed liuilding [lllhlill‘
lI-ll) and ask for Sherry Eagziii.

All lhosv.~ returning to Albiiu
n‘cxl yearnllic course on Dra I
Counsellor bc I'iis ’l‘nesdiiy
night at 7:.i ) in tic SA office in
the C. C. For information, call
Ira at 472-5090.

MESSIANIC JEWS
)lloi lllltl llililu l llllldlll'll l on: lllll
lllll lllllll prompts illltl IIlIlItIl‘r
SCRIPTUHES. than (1 him.
l’lll‘illlt‘i l)iivo, Iilnitliiul.
llllll. (ill/ill]

 

 

 

Fm”, JANUARY 29, 1971

 

 

'. WHO WANTS PASS . FAIL?

by Vicki Zeldin
News Editor

Pro

“Competition in all colleges should be reduced. Grades should be optional. and
the student should be permitted to settle for a puss-fail alternative if he so desires."

The above is an excerpt from the Hazen Foundation Committee's report. “The
Student in Higher Education."

William Shillings, Ed.D.. and Elwood Leslie. Ed.D.. in a study to assess student
attitudes toward grades and grading practices. found that “The undergraduate
perceives grades as that proverbial sword hanging over his head which forces him to
study content be otherwise might not study. The power of the grade is strong
enough to restrict his studying to material which he anticipates will be on tests.
Once a grade is received. it is not perceived us feedback or as a very accurate
indication of that which was learned...“

Anyone who has ever attended a school that uses the “fch mighty letters” has
some conception of the terror that can be caused by them. With students now
playing a larger role in university governance. the issue of A-B-CADFlE'?) is now
being explored.

Many universities have either totally or partially switched over to :i pass-fail
system. Students at Princeton. which recently switched to a pass-fail system for
one course per semester. overwhelmingly liked the change. After its trial period
only 3% of the students polled in a study done by Karlins. Kaplain. and Stuart.
funded by the National Studies Foundation. wanted the system abolished. 48% of
the students wanted more courses graded on a pass-fail basis. Two-thirds of the
students were against dropping the pass-fail system in favor of a course-reduction
program that would have students take only four courses all grudcd traditionally
rather than five courses with one graded pass-fail.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

l?.i““)fl~grfstraakg A

 

Cal. Tech. Results

The California institute of 'I'cclmology ndoplcd :l“Silllbl'lll‘llil‘y‘Ullhillihlillt'llll‘y“
system for all courses for all freshmen in ll'lt' fall of lilG-l. The policy l)i'(‘tlllll'
permanent in 1966 and is considered a success. (Tut. 'i‘cch. evaluated that the
year-end attrition of freshmen was less than average. and that the attrition occurred
almost entirely among students in the bottom fourth of the class aradcmicaily. in
previous years it had been spread oVi-r the entire class and hail lllt'llltll‘tl lin-
departurc of good students by transfer. in addition, voluntary participation Ill the
freshman honors program more than doubled ovrr [)t‘l‘VIulls years A Humumm-h
instructor was heard to remark. “'l‘hcy'rc reading books again."

The results at Cal. Tech. seem to positively support the initial hypothesis and
rationale offered by proponents of a paissfuil grading system. ll‘u sludcnl (loos not
feel repressed or inhibited by the grading systcm. goes the theory. lll' may learn
more knowledge for knowlcdgc‘s sake. in addition,sludvnts may bc more inclined
to take courses in academically unfamiliar areas. Olin-rs also suggest tluil sludi-nls
taking puss-fail options will show greatcr molivation and Illlclll't‘lllill curiosity than
those under traditional programs.

SUNYA Sludy

"After i2 yi-ars of the public school hysli-ni. students do iiol m-l-(l to learn
discipline but rather the pleasure and risk of self-disciplinc. There is good reason to
believe that students taking ndvantagl- of the I'l'lll‘i' from psychological pressures.
the greater I'lcxibilily. llli.‘ encouragement to i-xpi-runl-nl :inil illll‘llt'lllllli‘ in honors
or iiulept-ndcnl. study. and the removal of possible |)t‘lli|ll|('5 for l‘l‘l':ll|\'|l_\’ and not
excelling in all courscs that Slllfll‘lllm will producc higher quality work III (‘l'l‘lillll
courses." The preceding is an l-xcvrpt from tlu- I‘llillllltllt' given by llli‘ Ad llol'
Committee on Grading llt‘l'l' :il SUN YA.

This report backs up its statement by citing sow-rat hllillll‘h. A i'oiil'l-ri-ncl- on
Education for (3i'ctilivil.y ill the Allll'l'lt'tlll (‘Ulll‘ﬂt' was licld in lil'l‘iil'll‘)’ in lllli7. ll
Wllli pointed out that inli-llcclunl nilvcnlui'l- i‘r'llllli‘l'h coin-agi- to be found wrong to
make mistakes. M.l.'l‘. i'l-porlcd. us a rum- in |lli|lll. lliul lln- school was losing lIn'l-l-
times more sludch who as freshmen prt-l'l-ri'vil lo Iry out HI'W sullllmllh. “It”
Ilroulld" with ideas. or lukc cognitive risks. than II was \Iudcnls pi'I-I'i-i'i'iiig :i
well-ordered life with tangible i'l-sulls

We may inl'ci‘ from tho incri-nsvd trend toward pa» fznl grading that llllh fact is
Wl‘lely fvttltlllill!(l. Santa (‘ruvu which has had all iiiidl-i'giuiiluall's on .lII S l' system
r‘" “V” Years. considers the hyhll'lll u sum-ms :\ PHIH‘I‘ l1""‘” “1 " ““"‘ll"li “1 mp
Council of Graduate Schools rcpoi'II-il :i (li‘nmnln' IIIt'I'l‘HSI‘ in the lISl' of nini-lclli-r
llriidca at tlw nation's graduati- ht‘lllmls (if lin- 'Jl'l Illt‘llllit‘l'n of Iln- ('ouncil lllul
replied to a survey. I H said lhcy used systems other Ib.in ll‘lll'i‘ graili-n

"ll. would be foolish to deny.” stall-s llll' Ail lltll‘ ('innmillcc lit-purl :il SUNYA.
“that some students will try to just get by. Will not try to I'Xi‘l'l in any columns. will
try any "I‘L'il of study Wlll'l‘t' il seems easiest to obltnu :m '5‘ “Hi W" l"'l"’\"‘ “"5
risk is outweighed by the pi'ilspl'l‘l llInl more of the llllll‘ \t'I‘Vi'I‘h mull” llt'l'tl'li"
students. wun over into llll' cxcilciin-nl of a inoru- .nilIn-nlic learning lil'c .Illll I'Vl‘ll
into thc pleasures of an lli‘tllll'illl(‘ fit-Id "

race 11

 

EDITORIAL NOTE-

The purpose of these two arti-
cles Is to Inform the reader of the
results obtained at other schools
where pass-fail systems are in
operation. It Is also the purpose of.
this article to stimulate response.
The pass-fail system at Albany is
under continuing review. and It Is
hoped that through the forum of
the newspaper student and faculty
recommendations for the system
can be aired. The committee re-
viewing ihe system here at Albany
Is in operation now, so iiyou have
a serious revision or a recommend-

 ation to make, now is the time to
act.

 

 

 

“I do not know what our University‘s rules are in accepting pass-fail grades from
transfer students. I can only say that it is extremely difficult for out-of-stote girls
to gain admission to the University of North Carolina. and I suppose that a lack of
a grade-point average would make it that much more difficult.”

The above is an opinion from the Dean of the School of’Journalism, John B.
Adams. of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. in respome to a letter
from this reporter on the possibility of transferring to that institution.

"Since. for evaluation. pass credits are not equivalent to letter grades.we would
need more information in order to evaluate your performance at SUNY at
Albany": from a letter received from Syracuse University.

"We understand from conversation with our records staff in the College of Arts
and Sciences that. were you to transfer. all pass-fail courses would necessarily be
considered clcctivc hours. if we interpret this correctly. you would have none of
your basic group requirements met and no hours toward your concentration. if
only piISS‘ftlll marks are reported."

The abo' e is an excerpt from a letter to this reporter from Indiana University.

William Hassler of the University of Indiana in Pennsylvania conducted ii survey
of 221 graduate schools. in which he found that graduate deans preferred letter
grades to pines-fail grades when reviewing applications: 214 schools wanted letter
grades. 7 (lid not.

Princeton Study

The llll‘l't‘ main points in the rationale favoring pass-fail are that the student
would learn more. that he may be more inclined to take courses in academically
unfamiliar areas. and that he would show more motivation and intellectual
curiosity.

Kariins. Kapliiin. and Stuart studied the success of the partial pass-fail grading
systcm at Princeton University. 87% of the students polled thought that the
Univrrsily‘s on for instiluting puss-fail was to encourage course selection on the
basis of rotor i rather llum grade considerations. It was found. however. that only
28% of the students polled took puss-fail courses for the above reason. and only 7%
believed that the interest factor influenced their classmates' decisions to take
piissvl'ail courses.

'l‘hirlyvl‘ive pt’r cent of the students took puss-fail courses to reduce the tension of
and emphasis on ('oursc grades; 37% took pass—fail courses to provide additional
study time for ollier courses and/or extra-curricular activities.

As for motivation and increased learning. 45% of the students polled in the
Princetonsludy claimed that they learned the same under passvfail as they did under
a traditional system. and (l l'I'ir said that they learned less under the pass-fail system.
Besides this. 63% of the students under pass-fail reported no change in their
motivation. and 24% said that they experienced a decrease in motivation. 72% of
the students polled admitli-tl that they work closer to capacin in a letter-graded
(‘Illll‘Sl'.

in addition. students said that if they were taking passvfail courses for a grade
lhi-y Would work harder. do more assigned reading. do better work on papers. labs.
etc. and that [boy would study harder for CXIIIIIS and quizzes. The students stated
lluil in IvtIcr-graded ('tiurscs they did 80% of the reading and attended 85% of the
lot-lures. whilc in pass-fail courses they did 61% of the reading and attended 74% of
the lectures.

 
  

American (‘ouncil on Education Report

The American Council on Education's report. entitled "Higher Education and
National Affairs.” surveyed sevvrul schools with pass-full systems. At the University
of Michigan it was found that many stuiii-nls lrii-d to aim no higher than a "C."
even though competitive spirit with accompanying frustrations and anxiety were
still present.

Al the lllllVl‘I‘SllV of Wisconsin it was found that only 39% of those students
i-ligiblv lo lillil' pass-fail courses did so. it was also found that grades achieved under
Ibo pass fail system were gent-rally lowr-r than those under a traditional grading
system.

In ISI1I7. ill’l rescinded the pass fail system which it had initiated in lEIl-l. The
reasons for the changi- \Vl'l‘l'l "to make t‘li‘llr tosludcnls their position with regard
lo I'l'qllll‘t'lllt no. for graduation; and to stimulate bcttcr work by students by giving
liigIn-r grades for better Work and by requiring a certain amount of
ln-llcr lllilll nvvragl- work to qualify them for graduation."

llVlIIlt‘ most of line I’t‘h‘lllln mentioned zll)UVl' wvrc from schools with partial
pass ftlll \ysli'llla. it is lllll‘l‘l‘slllig to note that Albany State. with its total puss-fail
hyhll'lll for freshmen and sophomorcs. now allows pre-mcdicai students to petition
the llil])l‘l)pl'ltll(' :u'iiill-mii' councils for lcllcr grades. This was the result of n survuy
conducted by faculty and sludcnls nl SUN YA which found that tinI vast majority
of llll'llli‘lll schools wnnli-il ll'lll'l' gradcﬁ.

 

 

  
  
  

CAPITOL
PRESS
PRINTERS

[clici'pri-ss  of/Sct
lithography
306-308 Central Avenue
Albany, New York
472-9703
Ullll/clhlly chicm-nlutivr
(‘lii‘isllnc (it'lllilllii
'l'cn lli'ock Itlo
457-7877

I¥

 

 

 

largest selection of

posters in area

good smelling

incense

BARE SKIN
FURS

New Shipment 0/

ANTIQUE FUR COA

   

9’.
"AA just arrived for Guys & Gals
e"? fur V8515 Scinu Very Long Coau Including
9' “$5513; Raccoon 8i Bear
pillows $10-$15-$20-$25- 8i up

10% OFF WITH THIS AD

98 Central Avenue 436-7982 Albany

 

 

 

 

. "a or“ -1»...

 

