 

 

   
  
    
    
   
   
   
 
  
   
    
  
     
  
    
   
   
  
  
     
   

   
  
    

    

oi.i.~m«... ..,. ..

ﬁ‘x‘efﬁpn

i phra'romipn‘y exit/or

“a 

 

Tilltr Albanw giiiiiiaim Plugs: ibl putltlistlddl mm. tlinor. gamma; amiimiim
auadbmlir: you (bump dtirl‘ngi innermost) aw itlui Shaman Mannrilrorimittm
Stth Lllllllrorsltw oil tillawi \‘il’orilé: artA‘lbaiiw.TlliiriSttidiiniilXSSmimli-irhiszltitratedl
ihi campus; (Stanton and art Mont thtll‘ngitiiii Atiuniininulzm-l, Neuwwiriki.
moat. Siiﬂsturlhrlbm pnliin' ii:- LSQI par yuan or. $5M"!!! summon Smmltli’ﬁs:
maltl'npipomilttpautiliigialillhmiiisniii. Maw ‘ii'tinit.

«interim/aria
dinmnrrgtdlitmni _

‘ wringing:me awaariuuwfirrm

.- .i .. .. .. .. .. ..aralpnninﬂnriy . tumlllltlgﬂw
amounting manager
.. diet! withers:

memo tritium
i-l'idliiwltlln

Vdim'iruw manager i :iiivom'iim mew: minim

tee/intral/ edition. [’mZ‘Ier‘ airing»

.rtte‘seli'gsnni . .
.. dimi William“. ilS.‘\'l')(?lY}Ti? fiflanYEXilﬂjile’
.. . .. . woweniwi'iiltnn - r g‘ l
Mumming [by our am editor

, .i . . . .. ..tomirlind‘ei: - - -
circa/111mm monomer initiator/i2 .irri- twin 2r-
ute thull'rnor . .
ipi'ii'rr izi/i’riw

 

gmﬂrr .lr'zsrz‘ﬁed' ‘
.. .. , . dhvnt‘b'y plump . . . cohort: uremia";
meridian momma Mirror
in“ gu'rl‘mnni . . r j, win-nei-
Tllil ain'an
. riizl'mvd diversion mike elliii

EM Vnnlﬂa Ton-ﬁrm Saar; a din-mini in 5.23 in our Simmer. airtime tn rut-r
2mm ‘(ﬁthmr to Win! Kl't'nll to Woman. Ehr PEA mun annulus“ y‘o ahr anti:
M- 61'” am: 1t divine-f in: roman-m mt, Em P'tA mug an «1012. 7'5“ dl‘ltl

“412; Shnitmnummtrr. an doth'ittl or (A’Zmrnm dun 4r: miulsiiii or mitimr.

.- .. .. .t .. .cftu’clk rlfurll I Imyilkwisi
particular! lii‘lxi'iraw manager . mllllIIt= nmtgliur i
pliil’. mark terry MIII’I

. d'elil'tie llllﬁullNIIIllL
jnliui fiIII‘IIIIII.
liiidui waremt

micltel‘c pnfcll'u '

 

Laivoﬁdh ynitop d daniinram \[b we whom-menu. Emma.

 

WWW

the arts;

Dalton.» fun thtr My}: (it Elites;
uwmiw- cam ho: guinltnxedl ntt
RMI lE’Jl Milton Hill] on (iiilll
manila.

ﬁllllttﬁ‘

mu Uiuvorsilyi (Cancun: Bluidi
uiiili \Viiiili Eliseinltllr willi pronoun 'iII
utiiiiitirt: l'outuri‘ng: urigiiiiill muiiiii
fur winilt llll‘ Stu; Mtu'olti ll! an
thdll'i piini iii. illu Minn. ’Illluuteri.
tlitti. Admission it: than.

niuxrnzi

Dalia ‘iigrnii Iii \VlII present the
iilm [The (Elliise ill] \'l‘iiniiliy .iiiil
Illltllltlll‘}. \‘Illl'illl lEili & ll‘illl in
lililll the timer: \VlII be .u " ill)
and ‘I‘JII .llllI .iitmiiisiuii ii: 3 50:

 

l

I!“

raffitﬁ. 
g *3

g.

“Knoll Jim" Iﬂ coming Wed, Mar.
[Oi :md‘i 'b'lturii. Mar. ll—LC 7.
7200 and t0200‘. Admission-50

ill!" CS.
awnai

speakers

Dr. D. G. I, Kington of the
(Clinmuirry Department. will be
milling; to the Biology Club on
[niieizr Siz-i .‘tttrztctzmm this Thurs-
iliiy March llth, at 8:00 pm in
Biology 14-3 All are welcome.

0...!

 

 

Free School Presents
Orson Well Orson Welles'

Th   q Ti

'l‘v i  c- ‘Er :- i.= I:

Lt’lgayﬁag‘bﬂ.‘
V’v'edneiday. March 10

CC A-aeern'oly Hall at 7:30 and 9:30

 

 

 

the baby trial in the photo has one of 50,000 villeo .n the
Cull of ',t, Laurence, one of over half a million seal'.
clubbed, apparel). :hrit, united dufng the l’r70 Canadian-
Horrregian slaughter in the Atlantic

Don’t believe Illffllif'. r/lio nould persuade you that
FflﬂflfI’. ol Animals has been "misleading" you, that any
slaughter anyuliere ii. done lor the benefit of the seals.

l, Alice Herrington, testify that on March 21, 1970 the
annoan day ol the Canadian season on seals i saw the
name hriilal massacre against which Friends ol Animals,
oi Much I am president, has been protesting for years.

At, the bubble-dorneil helicopter flew low over the first day's
kill, 1 can mother seals nuuling the skinless corpses of
their bi)blf:’.. Standing ten feet away lrorri the killers on the
ice lloii'., twenty miles out in the Cult, I saw baby seals,
clubbed trace, raise their heads as they were sliced open.
Other babies were battered as many as fourteen times
while the mother'. Hatched in terror and stress.

It You Arr: One Who Cannot Be Indillerent to the Suffering
of Other Creatures

YOU CAN HELP

lirst by refining to garb yourself in the agony of another,
by riiliiiiiny, to buy the ‘iklli'i of Wildlife.

Second by causing this advertisement to be inserted in
your local nrivriipaper. (A trial will be sent upon your request
to friends of Animals. Set: coupon.)

third by bending a taxdeductible contribution to

l'rlenda of Animals, Inc., a non-profit organization that

A I'IIDIIL laervlui (If the Albany Student Press

CAN YOU BE INDIFFERENT?

    

.ntends to pound on the uorld's conscrence Ufllll sentient
men and ammo everywhere are made aware of the
unnecessary cruelty and destruction being inflicted upon
(our contribution Hill he used to plead lor those
creatures who cannot speak for themselves but who dumny

animals

implore y0ur pity

f'_‘—""'_—_—_____—_"|

Friends of AnimalsI Inc.
ii wrsr corn STREET
NEW YORK.N.V.10023

of marine mammals. Please add
my name to your mailing list.

if}. Ml 7 T

I ' j Enclosed is my lax‘deductiblc I
I contribution to help stop the slaughter I

, Send "ID a mat of this advertisement so
that I can place this advertisement in
my local paper at my own expense
(also IHX'UCOUEIIDIDI.

 

b’

 

iii-"rill 'i'.

r——__—

‘_swr

Tlll‘

|
l
I
|
|
l
|
l
|
.I

 

 

 

 

MONDAY, MARCH, 8, 1971

"my E. CH Professor of As-
tronomy at SUNYA will be hold-
ing a forum on March I], 7pm LC
25. Photos and Moon Rocks will
be on display.

meetings

Refer Switchboard will be spon-
soring a community meeting and
general rap to get feedback of
Refer and the needs of the Albany
Community. The meeting will be
held at the Trinity Methodist
Church (215 Lancaster at Lark
Street) in the Junior Chapel. and
will begin at 7 30 pm on Wendes
day, March ID. All are invited to
attend.

.ﬂlil
Ukranian Sti. :lent Organization
meets Thursday . March ll. .it ' EU
in the R. P. l. Stud=ni L'nion. For
more information. :all Mirihi
237-7722 or Kath). 457-w‘v.

The Modem Dance Club \lillI
present a Master Dante (th

Tuesday March it .i: '
the dance Stille iil“. tlzeBriIilmiiii
the PI'I}'\l-.JI Edtlcdll-ili Bifidiiig
Lnivemi) \lildi‘f‘lis i".._i' ri' a
pale tree i-t marge h). ‘ .. .
'JII ID Member» - i '1': . '~ :~ 

it); may partitipit: t : : \jiiii

3i) p lT‘. in

    
   

lc‘c’.
tutu:

Geology Club will he Ct him; J
film entitled Drainage System of
the Amazon Honda). \tiiJi \il;
at 7'30pm in PS :25 -\ll .iic
anllCLI tii .iiierid.

‘.’ll

Cathexis preﬁfnb .i iiliii Behin-
ior Modiﬁcation: The Teaching of
Language to Psychotic
Children on Wedneidu). \l.ii.li
l0th at 7,30 n L(~ 25

attxrr

"Tcitulia. Piicius tic Sl\\'-\.
St, Rose. _\ Ruxscll Suui- l.i-i'ii \ll
Piicsiu." Sponsiiicd hi Spiiiixli
Club. Wed. Mar l‘ ' gin. lll

354.
(K...

€tC., etc.

RL‘lllllltIL‘l
paling in State Fair "I.
llillls Il'il booths inc iluu ili' liii-i
lIl.lll .\l.iii‘h l‘ v\ll\ .jiimiiiiiiw
('.ill"-5ii_1.\

iii .ill giiiiii‘x I‘.lii|.i

\pph. .i

Rcccnt .IlllltllllTCL‘lllL‘llh i» .l
summer pingiuin iii Attituiu bill
tIlL'\ SpillhtllL‘LI h} the Stair liii»
\‘CINIU ('tillcgc .ii \i-u l’.ili/ lll.|\
ht- \L'L‘ll .il IIIL' ()llii-c iii lnii-iiii
iiiin.il Siiidicx, (‘iillt'gt- «it \||~ .iiiil
Scicnccs. Social Sciences lll
*llhkk

Scniui piirtiilils ((‘ltm HI l‘l"'l
l‘iir lhc l‘l7_‘ TORCH .llL‘ lli|\\
being tiikcn Sign up riiiii .ii lIli‘

('iiinpus (‘ciitci liiliiiiii.iiiiiii II\'~f\
Atﬂici

All)’ \IlltIL‘lll\ wounding.i Ilipliix
Ill Elll’llpchASIII \t'l' lliih llui
stein Ill ('.('. Iilllll) Mun l II II
:l.lll.~I pin. (ll \'.lII 341» l hill

0‘ Ad‘tﬂ‘

Wright Walclicrslic \lllt' iii till
L‘llIle Rn ('iiliingcln l-l7.‘ .‘W‘il
\)l Siic chy (473-3733) Illl llic

Dilii'lx of inducing l‘iiluiigi-lii
WClll from 275 [ii 2.1) (pillllllI\|I
While Levy wcnl l'iiiiil ill) to Jul
in that 5 weeks.

awry

 

 

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1971

Officials Predict

More Withdrawals

by Fred S. Hoffman
AP Military Writer

WASHINGTON (AP): ~Heartened by apparent progress in Laos,
defense officials expect nearly 100,000 additional American troops to
be withdrawn from South Vietnam over the next six months.

South Vietnamese capture of Sepone, a main road hub on the
enemy's supply trail network through Laos, boosted the optimism of
these Defense Department officials about increasing the momentum
of the U.S. pullout.

While Secretary of Defense Melvin R. Laird hits denied that Sepone
as such was an objective, he and other top officials have acknowledged
the area’s importance because of major routes running through it.

The U.S.-supported Laotian operation still could run into serious
trouble from reinforced North Vietnamese troops, but. Nixon admin-
istration officials appear confident of the outcome.

The price of the U.S. troop withdrawal slowed early this year as
allied planners prepared for the South Vietnamese ground offensive
into Laos.

Now the pace has quickcncd.

The most. recent official report, issued last. Monday. showed it total
of 326,200 American troops in Vietnam.

This means the command will have to send home another 42,000
men in less than two months to reach the 284,000 level projected by
President Nixon for May 1. Officials indicated the pullout. in March
and April will be it couple of thousand bigger than that.

Although Nixon will not announce his next troop-cut commitment
until April, Pentagon officials anticipate that the monthly average
beyond May 1 will total at least. 12,000 and perhaps somewhat higher.

On that basis, they say they expect the withdrawal of almost
100,000 more American servicemen by the end of August.

This would bring the overall mumber of U.S. troops still in Vietnam
to only about 40 per cent of the 543,400 peak American strength
there in April, 1969.

U.S. thinking in supporting the South Vietnamese drive into Laos is
that disruption of the Ho Chi Minh trail, last. major supply channel
from North Vietnam to its troops in South Vietnam and Cambodia.
will prevent the enemy from building up his military stocks in the
battle zone before the long rainy season sets in in May.

If that happens, American strategists believe the North Vietnamese
ability to mount major offensives will be crippled through early 1972.
It. follows, these strategists say, that. it swiftcr American troop
withdrawal could then be undertaken sagcly, and the South Vietnumv
esc would have another year to gain strength.

Just how far into Laos this current operation will go is uncertain.
Early in the campaign, senior defense officials indicated the South
Vietnamese might move as far as Route 23. some 45 air miles west. of
the South Vietnamese border. South Vietnamese troops are about
halfway there.

However, in it smaller companion operation code-named "Desert.
Rat" about four battalions of Royal Laotian troops and It‘l‘t‘guIIITS
have moved from the west against Route 25 and Route 13, both
possible bypass roads for North Vietnamese supply movements.

This may be enough without bringing tip the South Vietnamese.

A mendment Required:

 

FederalVotingAction Due

WASHINGTON (AP) -— A siwieck effort to make it
easier to curb Senate filibusters is expected to end
in failure this Week, opening the way for action to
lower the voting age to 18 in iill elections.

have a chance

The proposed constitutional amendment, already
endorsed by the Senate and the House Judiciary
Cummiltt‘us, seems assured of Senate approval by
more than the required twirthirds majority. It is
sponsored by 87 senators.

In the absence

The rules fight has I)l‘(‘|1 going on since January 26 The Supreme Court. held last December that
legislation passed by Congress to lower the voting
age to 18 in all elections was unconstitutional with
respect to state and local elections.

with supporters of IIH‘ three-fifths priipusnl muking
no headway in rounding up the two-thirds majority
ll('(!dl‘(I I0 cu l. off (It‘billt’.

Supporters are unxmus to speed the voting amend-
ment. through Congress so that state legislatures will
to ratify
elections. Ratification by 38 states is required to
make an amendment effective.

dual-age voting system will be in effect, with IS
year olds permitted to vote in elections for federal
offices but. not in state and local elections except in
Alaska, Georgia and Kentucky.

, l .1
,‘1' (HIT:
.19 vb";

Based upon recent military successes, Pentagon ofﬁcials are predicting additional withdrawals of
American troops from Southeast Asia. [AP Wirephoto]

International Women’s Day

Marked by Teach-In Today

by Kathy Walsh

The members of Women's Liberation til. SUNYA

Movies will be shown continuously between 10
have planned ii day of activities recognizing Inter-

iind 2 in the Assembly Hall of the Campus Center
national Women's Day on March 8. International with a discussion period following each film. One
Women's Day commemorates a demonstration by film deals with the struggles of Vietnamese Women
socialist women in 1908 for the right to vote iind tin and another discusses the history of women's
and to sweatshops and child labor. struggles in the United States. There will also be

The events of March 8 will begin with discussion exhibits and u litcriiture table set up in the main
classes about problems of Women's Liberation. The lounge of the Campus Center throughout the day.
“Chl’duw or these “35595 '5 “5 ("now-“1 At three o'clock a rally will be held in the lobby

0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i f i -
C%C:;;15)v‘tlzll:‘:r::‘g’t:3?:g of the Campus Center to protest the lack of a birth
H - CC 315 women and‘ the Wu; control clinic at the Student Health Center.

In the evening, there will be a panel dscussion on

.C'C37I‘B'tl c i It dAb i' i
) Ir 1 on m m or mm problems of Women's Liberation. Panel members

9 .. t.
1‘ ' S's'14,;mﬁﬁfgfﬁgﬁﬁa‘gf will ihcludcu member of the I.U.E. from General
I t I i . I . i . I ' ' SS 250 Guy Liberation Electric in Schenectady, a representative from Wel-

SS 146 Black women fare Rights, and ii professor from Skidmorc College.
2 ‘ ’ . . . . .SS 250 women “ndTheir Bodies The location of the panel discussion will be an-

nounced at it later date.

SS 146 Women and Children

THIS WEEK ON WSUA 640

NOW ON THE AIR ON ALL OF ALUMNI QUAD

 

“THE FRIDAY NIGHT OF SOUL"

(i-tipm .lcrry Richardson

8-10pm Rick Junieison "Jazz"
l0-12pm LATIN SOUL with Willie Remcrez
12-4iim Brother Nicks

it before next. year's

f ‘1 r I I . < . i ‘ ' ‘
" the pmpm‘d “mmdm‘m' " This l‘riduy NIIC‘...AII Brothers and Sisters invucd to a party

sponsored by WSUA in the Campus Center Ballroom, Featuring
Brother Nicks. All proceeds for the beneﬁt of Black Week.

VOTIi FOR YOUR FAVORITE OLDIIil!
Cast your vote for your 10 favorite oldies and send to WSUA by
March 23. Listen Saturday, March 27, at | lpin to see if your list wins

 

 

 

 

 

“mun g

llllllhllllﬂhlllli GRE iillllJlt’llﬂJlIl MCAY
llil‘li‘lliLilf tSAl JJElllllllSli our
Bill‘i'illlilliiilt AlGSB
'l’runnralion for lusts required for ad-
missmn to post-graduate schools
‘ Six and lwtilve sussron courses
‘ Small groups
Volurniiiuus slutty iimluri‘ul for horrid
study pruparud by exports in each
hold
' Lassen schedule can bu luilorud to
input indivnlual nueds Lessons
can ba spread over a period of
sovnrnl months to a your, or for
out of town sturiunts, u puriod
0t and weak
'Oppuitunily loi review of past
lessons viu tape III the center

...is relevant?

 

Special Compact Coursos during
Weekends and lntursnssion

STANLEY H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD.
lUIOIIINti AND DUIIIANCI SINCI llﬂl
IGIb [In lﬁlh illul ﬂiuullyri N V \m l | I,

l212) 336—5300 I 1‘ ll':
l516l538-4556 ““" “"
...;:;i‘:.:.:.r.::‘r:;:i“ " .

  
   
  

 

"Food for Thought”

Do you think class government should be abolished?

Wllill would you like to see class government do?

 

The classes of '72 and ’73 are holding
an open meeting in the Patroon Lounge
on March 10th 9—11 PM

free coffee and donuts

y(lll some albums.
(5

DON’T MISS A SINGIE ISSUE

A ‘ittI)S( riptiuii is only $5 ii semester
or
$0 loi .- lull academic your

L _ _ _ _ _———_—___—_—__——_____——__
SUBSCRIPTION ORDER BLANK
Pltiiisu urilur my subscription to the Albany Student Press

I enclose $5 tot Ono Somoslur -« or

$9 liii ii Full Academic Year


STREET
TOWN.....................ZIP
Mnilto:

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
Clrcuiation Department
1400 Washington Avenue
Albany,N.V. 12203

-.--i.-...-.-u....

 

 

 

 

 

 

it: Tulllllu' 3. him! will mi- \iiiumiiiilr llqniiuiimi

 

 
  
    
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 

I:

   

