WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1971

 

Editorial Comment

Bus To Mohawk

Among the more humorous aspects of FSA‘s
funding of the Mohawk catnpus is the lack of a bus
to that campus. Resident students, whose tneal card
pays for the Mohawk operation arid the operation of
Glen House, are the last people to make use oftliese
places because they lack transportation]. Few oftliem
have cars with which to get off-campus. 'l'lius those
who pay the most and have the greatest need are
prevented from enjoying Mohawk.

Can‘t sotneone, either in FSA or in the University.
find money to buy or rent a bus somewhere in the
$89,000 spent yearly on Mohawk and Dippikill?

Dietician

Another great step that FSA sliotild take is the
hiring ofa dietician to plan tlte meals. Almost every
high school has them-why shouldn‘t a major
university? The current policy of making tip menus
from the inventory is not only poor from a dietary
standpoint. but also makes for very boring eating if
you‘re a resident student who depends on the
cafeteria for every meal.

Of course. the humor in this lies in the fact that no
one iii command at the Faculty-Student Association
thought of it first. 01' no one listened to those who
did! If their job really is serving us, why don‘t they
start acting like it?

 

 

SUPPORT RECYCLING PAPER!

I support the recycling of waste paper, and l’d like you to do
the same. There is currently a bill, number A 4162, in the Ways
and Means Committee of the Assembly, which would require
the State of New York (a large user of paper) to use only paper
containing at least 20% recycled fibers. I ask you, as my elected
representative, to do all in your power to secure passage of this
bill. Recycling is an important part of the fight to preserve our
environment. It's time the State of New York abandoned its
policy of using only 100% virgin paper.

signed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
address . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Mail to either: Assemblyman Willis H. Stephens
(Your Assemblyman) Chairman, Ways and Means Committee

State Capitol State Ciipitol
Albany, New York l2224 Albany, New York 12224

Each letter must bear the sender's name on both letter and envelope, as well as his (her) lIUlnll .itlrlri-ss

 

communi‘cutionﬁ

Privacy?

 

Dear Dr. Fisher:

I am compelled, after reading the interview wtth
you in the Albany Student Press of Friday, March 5,
to ask: Wits Barney Fowler's visit an inspection or a
search in accord with your policies? If it Was
neither, why falsely tell the students about you,-
residence policy to protect their privacy, since you
don‘t?

Yours truly,
Michael Ltimperl
Vice President
Student Association

Recycling
To the Editor:

Every day we are harassed and threatened. Very
few of us realize it, let alone respond. The acts of
violence being performed against us are more subtle
than are others, but they are no less menacing

Few give thought to the vast amount of waste
paper and plastic generated at each meal by almost
all students and staff members. Extra money must
be spent to keep reﬁlling the supply. This has been
supported by statements made by Malcolm Corbiey,
director of Food Service, when discussing the issue
in relation to a broken dishwasher in the Campus
Center as reported in a torrent Tower Tribune.

The use of toothpicks in the sandwiches in at least
one quad has not only added material and monetary
waste. On a few occasions it led to the breakdown
of the machine into which organic wastes are
thrown. Also, why have the non-breakable heavy
plastic blue bowls been taken out of service? 'l'hi-ir
replacement by the non-reusable plastic cups
doesn't make ecological sense.

We should all follow these simple rules in order to
correct the situation:

1) DO NOT use paper cups or plastic cups at
dinner. Put liquids as well as ice cream in glasses,
and put other foods on your plate. [I you must,
finish what already is on it, then get up and get
other foods.

‘2) DO NOT accept toothpicks in sandwiches at
lunch.

3) DO NOT use excess paper cups. Bring your own
reusable cup or request a glass at lunch.

If there is a large enough outcry, perhaps FSA will
get the message. We must act now if they are to
change their policies for next year. Remember, our
very lives are at stake. It may mean some
inconvenience in terms of time and energy spent in
following the few steps outlined ahoVe, but the
benefits to ottr environment, and ultimately to
ourselves, are great.

Arthur Scotti

 

albany student press

The Albany Student Press is llllllll‘dlllil thtni: titties poi wool. llllltli‘l “-
itiadennu year (except ttuiinti recesses) liy the Student A" it i.ithi
glint: University of New York at Albany, lllt.‘ Sloth-tit A‘v‘Nt lillltltl i: ‘ t"“
till/Ci’llllrills Ci-tilur 346 at l‘1(l[lWil$llllltllllll AVt'llllt‘,/\ll).ltlv, New ' "
122‘“ S"'lJ-‘itflllllm't WIN: 4-; iii!) iiei yo.” oi IE!) |lt‘l ‘il‘llli'hllll. iil‘tt‘luit l
lllilllllltl permit tltlliiitllt], lltillston Spa, Now Yi>tl._
etIi/itr-in-i'lticf
' thomas g. clingan
managing mil/or L‘Xc’l'liffl’t‘ etlilt tr
.aralyitu ahare . . . . . . . . carol litiglies
news editor
.jeff rodgers . . . . . , . . ,vieki ZCldlll
associate news editors
'- - - - . . .clluck ribak . . . . . t t . - -T”.V Ml"
(lists/an! business manager . . . . . . . maida oringlier
pliil mark - - . - - - i - - 10”.) “m”
features editor
.sue seligson . . . . . . debbie natansolul
dan WilliaIns usxoct'a/c features edilirr
wan-e" wislmn john fairliall

(ti/rewiring manager

business manager
technical Edi/(W

arts editor

.tom rhoch - - - . - - ~ - “"d“““lm
d.\‘.\‘tlt'itllt' ur/i' editor

1 - 4 . . . . sue faulkner . . . . . . . niielielepalella

grafﬁti/classiﬁer] sports editor

.dorotlty phillip . . . . . . . roberttareinbtl

columns editor

advertising layout

circa/alien manager

graphics
. . . . . . . . jottguttman . . . . -rii‘“"””"r
PhD/"granny editor my mm“,

- - » .richardalverson . . . . . . i . . .mike ellis

The Albany Student Press is published thrice weukl and is located in
azrsttggs Cdeter 326, second to the lett and straight on Iii, mormntt- Th“ ASP
am I un a once upon a tuna and has lived unhappin thereafter at Illu
I e. and of 4572190 and 2194. We are funded by Mandatory FWV 0”“
and are members of the A.P. and A.S.P.C.A...

5331:5329?" ll“? caPlain of All the Boys are limited to 300 words and il'"
l ‘7 5 “WW by The Hook. Editorial policy is determined bY 0 F“""“'9

 

Light and Balls. Piece.

 

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1971

 STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Another Side

To the Editor:

After having read several obviously biased articles
concerning the rejection of Helen Carlson for tenure
I thought it might be enlightening to present
another viewpoint after having studiedunder her for
asemester.

I found Mrs. Carlson to be at best disinterested
and rather uninspired and at worst negligent and
condescending in her attitude towards students.
Class was far from “an adventure" and Helen
Carlson's efforts to revive education in the 20th
century were not particularly strenuous or
impressive. Exams were given to an unknown grad
student to grade and an assigned paper was
cancelled owing to the fact that Mrs. Carlson could
not possibly find the time to read them.

Furthermore, unlike Mr. Kanarek stated in his
article, no evaluation sheets were handed out in my
class, so I can hardly believe that the responses
received were overwhelmingly favorable. Perhaps
the tenure committees decision concerning Mrs,
Carlson was not entirely without grounds.

Marcy Goldstein
Chaotic Library
To the ASP:

The letter which appeared in Friday's (March 5)
ASP could not have been more apt. It" i may
elaborate one of the points made in it:

Is it not the height of stupidity, when one has very
few books in one’s library, plus a very chaotic
reshclving and locating system, to let books out. for
as long as a month? Besides the waste implied in this
practice, (practically no one needs the book that
long) problems of keeping track of books are
created, If there were it faster turnovor of books
(say, a week) the library would better be able. to tell
where a given book was. Fewer searches would be
called for, freeing library staff for other important
work.

I haw- atti-ntled two other colleges and visited
many more, and never have I seen a library with so
few books, lending out those few for so long

Jeanne Wells

Forbid Dogs

Sirs:

The time has come to speak out on an issue which
has been tolerated for too long by an indifferent
academic community. The issue in point is the
profusion of dogs in llit' area of the academic
podium. Not only do dogs without masters content
themselves to wander about outside and around the
:ieatlctnie podium, meandering about in an aimless
and distracted way, bill they wander in and oitt of
all buildings almost ill will.

We believe that ownership of dogs is fine, and that
there are perfectly sound reasons for owning them.
These reasons howvver apply in a domesth situa-
tion, anti thi- aeademie environment is neither
conducive to a smarter dog nor a smarter student.
There are several sound reasons for the necessity of
ridding our campus of flies“ distractions. In the first
place me very presence of these dogs is disturbing to
many students anti faculty The Classroom, for
instanc'i', is pri-suinable ii selling in which student.»
and faculty llllt‘l‘ilt‘l. The presence of a dog It] the
class. i-tllier meandering about or sitting, lit-tn;
[ii-tti'ti by its master. is surely a distraction i:
:vllnlllll not be necessary loi any student or proti-sso-
to put up With this type of distraction. A lit-vi' \\'l‘l'li~
ago .i! .i ll‘t'llll'l‘ in which inosl of the undersigned
wore present, a visitor froin Washington l)(‘ was
ulvlllg a talk when a dog nont'lialaully walked in and
up to and around the podtutn. much to the ilisnia}
of the speaker, the host, arid the audience The
library is a building intended for quiet and undis-
lurhed study Surer the presence of a sliihbernig
dog is not in keeping with this purpose and is in fact
unnecessary. The building hoWeVer with the Worst
display of amine conduct is the CHIHIJUS center. Hun.
one frequently finds ownerless dogs. Needless to say
the presence of dogs in areas where food is served is
unsanitary, and the presence of one or tnore dogs in
an area where there is food can bring out the worst
in in dog. Last Friday night there was a fight
between two dogs in the lower level of the Campus
Center. Aside from the din and the possibility of
injury to the dogs or students, this tendency ofdogs
to fight points to the incongruity of the presence of
dogs in the academic community. Presumedly,
people don't fight. We therefore feel that dogs
ought to be left at home and that loose dogs on our
campus should be impounded.

Andy Miner

Cosmo Vuudo

Satish liapoor

Nisar Althtur

Sam Chung

l'iev-e :intl Brubachcr Halls

. EBBlE TtlE EE P

 

 

ti

Fiﬁ.

 

 

Sorrel]

gets

One of several volun-
teers at Telethon '71,
Assistant Vice President
Soi't'ell Chesin gets hit
with a shaving cream pie
wielded by Tom
Wilhelm ol the Campus
Center staff,

The money collected
(tom the twenty-four
llltllln ot events, over
$7,000, went to the
National Society for
Autistic Children. This
amount represents twice
that collected last year.

all photos: chow

” .
wgthbw
BE EXACTLY l2:0Q

 

