 

 

 

 

 

..._..._. .. _ ,._ _ A__C.. D _ ,Mm.“ﬁ w‘*-——— ‘. .
‘ ‘ ‘ "“" ‘  " ‘ mwn‘m-W'“‘mWs/:MM-:M -0“...

 

 

ruminations: 

' i i " Recycling Letters A

To the Editor:

ﬂiers has recently been a move on campus to
recycle paper. It was incorrectly reported in the
Tower Tribune that the project was being aban-
doned. It has only been delayed. The warehouse to
be used has been full because there has been no
demand for waste paper. Things have now begun to
move, and a recycling project on the podium may
begin in the near future.

However. recycling paper would be much easier
task if New York State law were on our side. The
present law requires the state to use paper which is
composed of 100% virgin wood. But there is
currently a bill (A 4162) in the Assembly, intro
duced by Assemblyman Blumenthsl, which would
require the state to use paper that contains at least
20% recycled pqer fibers. Since the state govern-
ment is a large consumer of paper, this law would
create a much needed market for waste paper.
Newrtbeiel, tbebilisnowbeckedupintbe
Assembly Ways and blesee committee. We must all
writeteoerasse-bly-asiandtotbeChsir—anot‘
the 'm and lee-e cum“ if recycling our
w‘ewllbeeuearedity.Ad&e-allletterste:

(Your Wu)
State W
Alb-y, New York 12224

Assembly W‘llis H. Stephens
Chairmen, Ways and Means Committee
State Capitol

Albany, New York 12224

Ask them to get the bill out of committee and
onto the floor, and urge them to vote for its
pausge. We must let our legislators know that we're
watching them.

Remember! Each letter must bear the sender's
name and “be. on both the letter and the
envelope, or else the letter will be thrown out.

Arthur Scotti

(Editor's Note: a form coupon relating to this
issue was printed in last Wednesday's ASP. If you
can ’t take the time to write send the coupon.)

Gymnausia

To the Editor:

Have you ever wondered why we still have a gym
requirement while all other requirements (other
than departmental ones) have been eliminated It is
obvious that the administration thinks that of all
courses offered here at Albany, gym is the most
important to the student.

I wholeheartedly agree and I think that the
requirement should be expanded. The first course
should be expanded to a full year because of all the
new research done in the area. Besides, where else
could you learn how far you can throw a basketball
from your knees or learn famous misquotes such
as,“Patrick Henry: Sure, I’m for liberty. But we've
got to be a little realistic. We're a pretty small
outﬁt. If we start pushing the British around,
someone is going to get hurt." (pg. 9, Foundations
ofPhyaical Acliuity, W.C. Adams).

The whole gym requirement should be expanded
to three years and instead of meeting twice a week
the classes should meet five times (including lab).
There also should be weekend outings to observe
teams in action such as our Varsity Ping Pong or
Marbles squads.

In fact, we should develop amajor in Phys-13¢
and eventually a Ph.D. program. If a major is
developed then a few problems will arise. First we
will have to create some minors such Basketweaving
or Advanced Checkers. The second problem will be
in getting funds. Certainly the research program
here at Albany is too valuable to cut back. In fact,
we have that world famous research team, Ben and
Ilene Dover (Ph.D.’s from MIT) who just recently
discovered how to do twice as many jumping jacks
in the same amount of time.

To obtain the needed funds we could eliminate
useless departments such as Biology, Physics, and
Political Science. Eventually we could phase out the
rest of the school and make Albany the first Phys.
Ed. school in the state. We could remove students
(and floors) from Stuyvesant Tower and fill it with
water for scuba diving, we could remove the gras
from the traffic circlvand. pave It for playing marbles,
next we could...

Respectfully yours,
Jlm Naslum

1 _' (53le me 'EEP’,’

  
  
   

 STUDENT Paass

    

"lil°l£l
- I T
or ‘nloss ACTS WERE I‘ML 17 THE

   
  
 

«I KNOW? SOME-

 

. mm mm 3,“)! '

Eloquence

To the Editor:

Occasionally, someone or ones say: something
which articulates one’s own sentiments more elo-
quently than was thouﬂlt possible. This is precisely
what the letter in March 5th'e ASP dealing with the
library accomplidled. The people who wrote it are
deeerving of our collective gratitude.

Hopefully, their letter won't be ignored by the
ministration and something wil be done to
hymn the library.

Joe Halidd

U n fair
Gentlemen:

Last Friday‘s letter about the library was grossly
unfair—to SUNYA students. The letter was too
kind. The library is a farce, an idiocy. a hideous
chaos.

Why doesn't the School of Library Science put its
students to work on that place? Maybe it feels that
its students are too good for the SUNYA library—
and they ’re probably right.

Sharon Danfield

Response

To the Editor of ASP:

In the March 5th issue I read an excellent
diagnosis of some of the basic library problems,
ones about which we are intending to do something;
(eg. periodical room), others of which seem to defy
all our efforts.

There is only one point with which I disagree
strongly—that concerning reshelving the books.
Very few non-trained persons understand the Li-
brary of Congress classification sufficiently to be
able to shelve properly. A misplaced book is a lost
book. Please do not contribute one more student-
originatcd problem to those already mentioned in
the letter.

J.R. Ashton
Director of Libraries (Interim)

Photo on Page Three

To the Editor:

The picture in the Wed, March 10 issue of the
ASP which accompanied the article on co—cd
housing not only shows a lack of taste but also a
lack of knowledge as to what the co-cd living
process is all about.

There is bound» to be more sexual frccdom on any
campus which has a 24-hour open house policy, and
no one would deny that this freedom exists in the
co-cd dorms.Howcvcr, anyone who lives in a tired
dorm can tell you that there is probably less
"sleeping around" than anywhere else on campus
and very little dating among the people living in the
co-ed dorm. In fact, this constitutes a large part of
the rationale for co-cd living.

Co-ed living and sex are both very natural things.
But to represent co-cd living as merely an opportun-
ity for free sex not only cheapens the idea of co-ed
housing, but makes the ASP appear to be of the
same opinion of co-ed living held by many adminis-
trators and parents who “wouldn’t let their son or
daughter live in one of those places."

If you have never lived 'in a co-cd dorm, visit one
sometime and see what it's like. But to represent
co-ed living as that picture does, only serves to harm
the ideals of coeducational living at Albany State.

Gloria Holllster
Rssldeht, MelvillevSteinmetz

    
   
   
  
   

FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1971

a

. a
'" THE iiignsfnon

-—mlll all-1E =er “MIT,”

Comment

Editorial

 

Worthy Cause

FSA’S current funding of worthy campus
causes creates many difficult problems. The
main question arises: if resident students are
the only ones forced to support FSA, must
they be the only ones to subsidize all of FSA's
worthy causes?

The very existence of these worthy causes
is a “tribute” to the hard realities of State
support. An excellent example is the complctc
neglect (by the State) of thc International
Students. Such an organization deserves more
than the $2,250 given them by FSA. The issuc
at hand is, however, that a portion of the
community, rather than everyone, is forced to
contributc to a cause that all dcrivc bum-fit
from.

The same goes for Mohawk campus and
the Glen Housc, only on a much grander scale.
These lands benefit all v why must only a low
pay?

The answer is Support of all of tln-su
causes, including recruitment and alumni, as
well as the others, by a tax on all the mcmhcrs
of the University Community. If this cannot
be done, then FSA should allow the rcsiduut
students to choose where they want than
money to go.

 

graﬂitl/classiﬁed '

albany student press

The Albany Student Press is published lhroo limes per week rlumu; llu'
academic year (except during recesses) by the Student Assoi moon oi Hm
Slate Universin of New York at Albany. The Sludiml Assorndnou Is. Imam]
in Campus Canter 346 at 1400 Washington AvenusAlhnnv, Nuw Y‘ul
12203. Subscription price is $9 per year or $5 pm 's‘iellllllillel. Sinmml l 1...»,
mailing permit pending, Ballsion Spa, New York.

edilor-iu-cllicf
thomas g. clingan

managing editor executive editor
. . . . . . . .aralynn share . . . . . 01m" “Ugh”
advertising manager news editor
. . . . . .jeffrodgcrs . . . . . .Vlckilcldlll
business manager associate news" editors
.chuck ribak -"’Y “W

assistant business manager . Inuida oringher
philmark . . . . . .
fculurt's' editor
.sue seligson . . dcbbie nulansohn
dan williams armour/e features ('(Il/Uf
warren wishart john fairlmll

technical editors

«(Iver/[sing layout arts udilor

. . . . . . . .tom rIIodes . . . linda water:

circulation manager associate arts editor
sue [nulkner . . . . michclc pslcllu

rpm/s vdllur

. dorothy phillip . ruberl Lurcmlm

graphics columns editor
. . . . . . . . jonguttman . - . . -'-l-W“”‘"
photography editor cl 1y editor
. . . . . .jay rosenberg “like “ms

mmm‘m“ Cl" "Wt hand column into pieces. Place pieces into a hat, and Pull
out singly to match with lett hand column.

1) Name a) 3!!) words or less; edited Ml 7”"
2i Where bl In 1916

3) You founded a) CC 323

4) Phones up Albany Student Press

BI Communications eI 457-2190 and 2194

M Funded by t t l t

7l Member of ) ‘ "d." u

I) Associated Press

 

Answers may appear next week! peace.

terry wolf

 

 

'FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1971

   

no oil was r C H I ‘ —
Mass m m swoon ms v.5. camel.
The depopulatim of the Senate and then the world.

Have Gun, _
Will Depopulate

by Lester Heverling
an ASP column

Being well aware of the population problem in this country, as a
responsible citizen I wish to offer my modest proposal for
population control. As students of overpopulation are well aware,
the problem stems not from the birth rate, which is not
particularly high, but the death rate, which is ridiculously low. My
plan, simply stated, involves raising the death rate in a manner
which would be fully in keeping with the principles of American
democracy.

As even a casual reading of the report by the President’s
Commission of Law Enfouccment, or the report by the Presi-
dent's Commission on Violence will reveal, most Americans are
shot by members of their own families or by friends or
acquaintances. Professional criminals have proved highly inade—
quate in this regard. Which is as it should be —- neither the
motivation nor the initiative of the gangster can compare with
that of the law-abiding private citizen. Both reports also reveal
that most people are shot simply because a gun was handy in a
moment of crisis. These conclusions have been drawn from a vast
body of evidence.

In the light of the information presented above, our future
course should be quite clear. If the death rate is to reach an
accoptablc level, it is essential that the purchase and possession of
firearms be encouraged and, if necessary, federally-subsidized. As
the National Rifle Association points out: “Guns do not kill
people. People kill people." But I submit that without guns
people cannot hope to kill people in the numbers required to
alleviate our population difficulties. As anyone who has at-
tempted homocidc with a knife, noose, or blunt instrument will
testify, these substitutes are highly unwieldy and their effects
uncertain and often disappointing.

As a first step, I suggest that all restrictions now placed upon the
purchase, possession and use (if firearms be abolished. chcrul
cities and states havu for all practical purposes already done so
and the effect has been most encouraging. In Dallas, Texas, for
example, where a tecn-ager may purchase a firearm with “no
questions asked," the firearms—casualty rate is a great deal higher
than in New York City where repressive legislation has been in
force for some years. Even the efforts of organized crime havr-
been ineffectual, comparatively speaking. .

Secondly, I propose that such firearms safety programs as
presently exist be abolished, and any attempt to initiate vision
examinations for gun purchasers be restricted. The reader will, I
am sure, see the necessity for such measures. Most hunting
ucCldonts are the result of either ignorance or faulty vision (color
blindness and luck of depth perception are not uncommon among
hunters involved in shooting accidents),

Since firearms registration might discourage transfer of wvupons
by making it easier for poliL‘Ll to trace their history from purchase
to employment, it must be strenuously resisted.

Finally, one must continue to stress the fact that the possession
of firearms is no! a privilege to be earned but an inalienable right
granted to each Citizun by the part of the sentence which follows
the comma in the Second Amendment to the Constitution. I
would not go so far as to suggest that firearms possession become
mandatory since I firmly uphold the principles of liberty and the
pursuit of happiness. Perhaps it would be sufficient merely to
suggest that the “refusal of the people to bear arms" was
un-Amsricun and somewhat cfl'eminatc. Then again, my N.R.A.
membership 00"” UXPUSL’ "10 to the charge of conflict of interest,
which would be a most unlortunatc interpretation of my motives.
My only concern is to retard and, if possible, reverse the appalling
int-ri-nsv in our nation's population in the most efficient and
swil‘test manner possible.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Court CO Decision

“Unfair and Narrow”

ly Stephen Villano
an ASP column

. The Supreme Court’s decision
not to allow selective conscien-
tious objection was a very regret-
table one. Not only because those
who voted in the majority failed
to grasp the depth of the First
Amendment and how it relates to
the conscience as Justice Douglas
did, but also because the decision
has given an undeserved extension
of life to the Selective Service
System.

The question of whether or
not one would permit conscien-
tious objection to particular wars
carries with it the acceptance of a
very basic assumption. Can the
categorization of human beings as
conscientious objectors be accep-
ted if one is in disagreement with
the system of compulsary military
service which creates the classifi-
cation? In short, rather than ask-
ing whether one would permit
conscientious objection to a parti-
cular war, might it not be more
significant to question whether or

-not the system of compulsary

military service should be discard-
ed and with it, the accompanying
classifications?

However, while the issue of
objecting to participation in parti-
cular wars may be merely a
s'y'piptom of an existing condition,
it is still necessary to discuss the
symptoms, which are often more
visible and sometimes much more

_correctable, so long as the condi-

tion continues to exist.

I believe that the concept of
granting CO status to individuals
opposed to a particular war rather
than limiting the classification of
conscientious objectors to those
persons who object to “all forms
of war" is a sound one. By widen-
ing the definition of conscientious
objector we are not only, as
Howard Zinn writes in Disob-
edience and Dcmocracy “mai-
ntaining one of the few safety
valves by which the entire society
can ensure that it does not remain
mired in some monstrous mul
function of presidential judg-
ment,” but we are also moving
closer toward a system of volun-
tary military service.

The selective objector would,
in essence, have the right of nega-
tive voluntarism, choosing the mil-
itary ventures in which he did not
choose to participate. Zinn argues
that while we allow nations to
select the battles it desires not to
fight, we deny that right to indivi-
duals. Thc graphic example of
Lyndon Johnson’s position rover-

sal concerning Vietnam, under-
scores the importance of Zinn‘s
argument.

Many citizens who voted for
Johnson back in 1964 on the
promise that he would not send
“American boys 13,000 miles
away from home to fight a war
that Asian boys should be fight-
ing," would readin attest to the
insensitivity to human demands
which our electoral system occa-
sionally demonstrates. In sharp
contrast to Goldwater, Lyndon
Johnson was elected as a peace
candidate. Yet his actions after his
election, in relation to Vietnam,
betrayed his supporters. Hence, it
is essential that individuals who
elect a candidate because he advo-
cates peace have the “safety
valve" of selective objection to
particular wars if that public offi-
cial ignores the fundamental de-
sire of his constituency. But the
right of selective objection cannot
be limited simply to those indivi-
duals who voted for a peace candi-
date. Supposc the peace candidate
loses...havc his supporters lost
their rights to protest a particular
war? Of course not. If this is a
society in which the rights of the
individual are prized over the
rights of the state, the rights of
the individual must be honored
regardless of who rules.

Consequently, when govern-
ment officials express concern
over the breakdown of the organi-
zation of society, which, they
believe would ensue if selective

-ol)jections were permitted, are

they not dangerously defying the
state over the rights of the indivi-
dual? Do they really want an
organized state that tolerates a
war which the individuals of the
state do not toleratc? And if a
system of selective objections
leads to a paucity of ﬁghting men
for a particulur war, should this
not be construed as a positive
check upon the system of political
decision-making? if a war is so
unpopular that more people re-
fuse to participate in it than those
who agree with its conduct, pcr-
Imps il. is not the objectors who
are mistaken but the government
which is promoting the war.

To deal with the question of
“opposition to all wars" as op-
posed to opposition to some, is to
get bogged down in ancillary is-
sues. The central problem in dis-
cussing conscientious objection is
the determination of a proper
relationship between the indivi-
dual and the state. The mechanics
of the state as they now operate
within the framework of the Sc-
lcctivc Service System are bearing

 

TheA S P is

Soliciting
Columns

You have the right to
have your views heardl
The ASP is your medium
to do so.

BRING COLUMNS TO
CC326, OR SEE THE
COLUMNS EDITOR.

\.\.\'|‘:ss.\ lllilxill.“ i;
“’l‘jli [twig 01" 1g DOR. "
W

 

 

IN LC-I

maeueeeenoemoema

Fri. & Sat.

7:30 & 10 PM

$.75 with tax card

81 willioul

down upon the individuals selec-
ted by the atate to fight in wars
selected by the state. The indivi-
dual is not free to live his own
life. While he may escape military
service, he must currently do so
by reacting to a system which
discriminates against individuals
who are either too poor or not
intelligent enough to attend col-
lege.

The classification of CO is a
symptom of an underlying condi-
tion which must be reversed. Per-
mitting selective objection to par-
ticular wars would have been one
war of giving the individual more
control over his life. Yet, it would
merely have been making the best
out of a door situation: an indivi-
dual is deémed a CO by members
of his locdl.Selective Service board
and a selective objector would
have faced a similar process of
approval. The selective objector
would therefore have been seeking
to gain approval from a system
which itself deserves no such ac-
ceptance.

1.
e
9
1

Tower East Cinema 457-8583

W:-
do

    

/‘ I
{1},“ ‘. :Il 
VJ ."’ l '\'J r
 r’ ‘

a \ A ~

'/
x
.y,

iiien ASTAIRE
:Pnuu cuss

TOMMY sing
IAIIIIEII BIOS-SEVEN MI!
W
Tomorow ONLY at
8 PM only in LC 7

f

 

 

 

CLASSIFIED ADS
PRODUCE RESULTS

ll you have something to show, Icll, or sell - advertise il
in the Classified Section of the Albany Student Press.

Every Friday your ad will be circulated to over 10,000
people. Classified forms are available at the Campus
Center Information Desk, or by writing: Classified
Department; Campus Center 334; I400 Washington
Avenue: Albany', N.Y. 12203.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

