 

 

 

 

A“

new  PRESS

EOP Is A Way IN,
Not OUT

by Albert Thompson

The Economic Opportunity Program is one of the most controversial, misunderstood, yet active
programs on campus. Since its institution in 1968, many students and faculty have questioned the
purposes,I objectives, and structure of the program. There are suspicions, whispers, that EOP is a hand-out,
anti-white program, and is the cause of a lessening of academic standards in the university. On the other
hand, to most students in the program EOP is survival, reparation, vital: it is the only real attempt being
made to bridge the racial barriers through higher education. There are questions as to who gets into the
program and how they are selected. In more conservative corners thoughts are often expressed concerning
the sources of EOP funds and, strangely enough, the reason for having an EOP program at all.

Since EOP is a tax-supported organization, it is the right of all students, faculty, and taxpayers to know
how ther money is allocated. EOP is a program designed to provide quality education to students who
possess the desire and intellectual capacity for college study. Besides the high school graduates
traditionally comprising the bulk of college population, there are many students capable of college work
who are generally considered inadmissable because of lack of achievement in high school, a totally
different cultural or social background, or severely limited financial resources. There are some on the
program who meet all the university requirements but lack the financial support needed to finance a
higher education.

The EOP program is designed to find and support students who can meet newly established criteria for
predicting college success. The program is for students judged to have capabilities, high motivation for
college study, and high financial need. The standards used in selection are rigorous, yet flexible enough to
take into account unusual situations.

Admissions

To be. admitted, students must apply. Admission is on the basis of need and academic promise
Academic promise is evaluated by the usual methods: two references, high school transcript college
boards, State University admissions tests, and other standardized tests that the student might have taken
However, there is no ranking of a student’s academic scores against another student's to determine
admission; each academic decision is made on an individual basis. About 1800 applications were sent out
byc  this year; at the latest count 1000 have been returned. Only 300 applicants, however will be
ac ep e . '

The staff of the university admissions office controls the final admissions processes except in special
cases when the Admission Committee of the EOP Advisory Board takes over. i A

Sources of disadvantaged students' money are determined in the following order of priority: students
own money, jobs, parental support, Federal funding, and then EOP fundings. Many EOP students are
forced to take out loans to subsidize their financial needs at Albany. EOP uses funds to cover students’
college expenses - the same expenses as any other students would have. ‘

EOP courses are chosen by students who may be deficient in some areas. The program offers courses in
English, literature, math, and reading skills. in addition, the program provides tutorial services as well as
:zzaaghpffg‘niztrand academic counselling. Each student is assigned an EOP counsellor as well as a regular

EDP-students are not exceptions when it comes to general university regulations. Since EOP is
recognized as a unique program at the university, it regulates its own functioning to a certain extent to
assure success for the student it serves. Consequently, the rules and regulations which guide its
functionings are in addition to regular university policy.

EOP is governed by an advisory board which formulates the structure oi the program and recommends
the number to be admitted. The Advisory Board is appointed by the President of the University It
consists of teaching faculty members, administrative officials, and EOP students. I

Social Activities Independently Funded

EOP social activities are many and varied. Under Social Director Andrew Troutman, plans have been
made for trips to other campuses, bringing other groups here, starting an EOP newsletter, and projects
suchas Black Weeli, a trip to Africa, and increased public relations. The EOP office is the informal hub of
actIVIty for EDP students. The EOP Social Committee is a student activity, however and is not connected
With EOP itself; the BOP program does not organize social events. ‘

The organizations most popular with EOP students are Black Ensemble (which presented) the Third
World Liberation Front, and PROLE (Puerto Rican Organization for Liberation and Education), Other
organizations and activities associated with, but not funded by, EOP include clubs involving poetry
African Dance, TV production, self-defense, science and math, politics, creative writing Black tile’ltel‘,
international affairs, religion, athletics, and the Domestic Exchange Program. ' ‘ '

The Economic Opportunity Program, then, provides nothing more than just that‘cconomic opportunity
for any student wishing to continue his or her education. There should be no need for suspicions or
doubts about the BOP program. No attempt was made to "glorify" or “destroy” it. Rather an attem t
has been made to bridge the gap of communication. ‘ p

 

--vslmmoas

 

waoussoar, MARCH 17, 1971 WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17. 1971
x 7

Survival,

Opportunity,

An

 

STATE UNIVERSITY or cw weak-{Ar ALBANY
E. O. P. :omurv or ones am "0036“. ~ "

NO. 41.8119.

 

earn

 

03/l5/7l

ANOUN‘I’

 

 

 

 

  
  

PAY
TO THE
ORDER OF

 

‘UII

   
  

NATIONAL COHMIICIAL IANK AND TIUIT COMPANV
to our: I'll" ALnAuv. le roux

 

\

JJ‘

'4 ' \‘i.‘l

   

wumnci

|:UEL3WUOU?I 758 00 DO? Lll'

,‘ALBANY  

Answer?

 

 

---benjamin

Harry Hamilton:

 

 

 

~ roscn berg

 

 

 

EOP Growth

1968-162

196i-367

1970-620
l971-Projection 900

White
10%

Piicrla Rican

20%

Black
70%

Percentage of Upstaters 50%

Percentage of D0wnstaters 50%

 

 

Ambitious Mind
On A Black- White Campus

by .lohii O’Grady and Al Thompson
Ali ASI’ Interview

Dr. Harry Hamilton, director of the BOP Program at Albany State, has for the past decade given his
wideopen personality free rein in both scholarship and social work. A Ph.D. graduate of the University of
Wisconsin, Dr. Hamilton is an Associate Professor of Atmospheric Science on this campus and a member
of the Council on Afro-American Studies. His main interest is meteorology, but he has been very active
locally in the YMCA, NAACP, and numerous other community organizations. It is evident, in the
following summary of two interviews with Dr. Hamilton, that he considers his position on the BOP
Program more as a deep personal concern than a job.

“i really don't care why someone dreamed up this program. We have shied away from publicity for the
past two years because we didn't want EOP to become another game by the University, another broken
promise to black students, ruined by too much outside manipulation and criticism." This is essentially
what Dr. Hamilton—and most EOP students—feel about outside opinion; for a long time the program has
been in danger, not for lack of interest, but because of too much interest from sources unqualified to do
anything constructive.

"It‘s Working“

"Now, you see, I can say 'lt's working.‘ Now i can say exactly what we’re doing." Dr. Hamilton is
cautiously satisfied with the over-all effect of EOP, that Albany “is gradually becoming an integrated
University." He feels that we are learning how to cope with “institutionalized culturalism”, defined as
certain routine University procedures which work for the majority of students but which, because of
administrative mindlessness, severely offend the minority. “There are both racial and cultural differences
here, but differences in economic and social background totally manifest themselves along racial lines...
Black students still have to go through a lot of unnecessary hassles, but 1 don't think they feel they’re
being deceived.”

When asked whether he thought blacks feel they are a part of the University, Dr. Hamilton declined to
make a yes-or-no comment. As for increasing militancy, he stated that "It doesn't make sense to talk in
those terms. Speak in terms of an increased sense of blackness." (An increased sense of scparateness’?) “An
increased sense of learning how to make the University system take care of your needs...Students are not
condemning Univursity organizations any more, they are trying to get on them."

Dr. Hamilton feels that there has been some improvement in relations between blacks and whites in the
dorms. Prior to this year he was constantly being called by R.A.'s dorm directors to handle numerous and
varied problems; wliatchr this year's problems hich been, they did not require his personal intervention.
“0 has been trying to find more black candidates for R.A.'s and dorm directors, despite the feeling of
apathy toward those positions. “The first time an effort was made was 18 months ago, iind it met with
limited success. There is now one black R.A. and one black dorm director."

Resentment to EOI’

Wlial about students resentment to the BOP Program in general? “'l‘licrc is definitely resentment, but it
l. The llt'lldli of every crucial department luch busted a gul to help things operate." As for

is not urgiinizu
too proud or bigotedfl‘lwy consider

wllllt' students getting on the progriim,”’l‘hey can apply, but many arc
il a black program and they don‘t want to be on it."

Dr. lluniiltoii had nothing to add to il prevalent ugly quostinii on campus,
students (‘uusc an increase in crime?" “0 ri-plicd, “1 hich no way of knowing. Crime
11.». crime, not as [COP crime and University crime."

EUP is exactly like every other University function in that it. opcrnlcs on money, and money will be ii
Universilywidc problem next year. The funds “must come primarily from the State of Ncw York. Some
l'.‘()l’ students do receive [federal aid, such as scholarships, just as iioii-EOP students do."

Can lllll program survivo ll cut in funds? “EOP is going to be open next year. it could be reduced in its
aci'vii‘i-a. Yes, it can survive; it will not be very healthy. But again, the budget cut illlli not been passed, so
right llllW there is just ll lot of speculation."

Despite its growing pains and financial difficulties, liulli due largely to external conditions, the [BOP
Program is regarded by many observers to be one of the most effective and productiVe iii the country.
Albany [501’ students are proud of it, and must feel that it is better than the programs at the other State
University campuses. Dr. Hamilton feels encouraged at the success of the program thus far, although he
was reserved in making a judgment whether Albany’s program is the “beat”: "That may well be; i have no
way of judging it on any objective criteria."

It is at least certain that Dr. llarry llainilton him, through personal dynamism and a sensible handling of
outside help and criticism, strengthened u scholuatlc program iit Albany State which has played a crucial
part in tliu social education of all its students.

“Docs the increase in EOP
is generally reported

. . ......... ,...A. M...v-.-am.s.«...m.rm t...«HMMWu.:HMW.—am;

