 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 12 '. - I ‘

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT mass,

 

Genuine love is so rare these
days, and it seems especially so on
this campus. That’s what makes a
production like Jesus Christ, Su-
perslar so important. As produc-
tions go, it is extremely good; but
of much more significance it has
proven to be a true instrument of
love.

The term "spontaneous theatre"
more than applies to this produc-
tion. Its creation, synthmis and
execution can all be encompassed
in this term. It all began when
some of the campus clergy began
thinking of the possibility of Jesus
Christ, Superstar being done for
the Easter Season. They obviously
spoke to the right people, because
the word got to Maud Baum, who
organized the whole production.
She became interested immediate-
ly, and began to collect people to
be on east and crew as she heard
of them. The whole production
sort of trickled together, from a
variety of sources. Quite soon
rehearsals began and the show was

2
_.

During rehearsal however, some-
thing amazing happened. The
members of the cast began to
really feel their parts, and take
each experience of the characters
they played, to heart. Hugh Hill,
who plays Jesus Christ, had been
brought from Harvard to dance the
role. Although he had danced the
part before, his interpretation was
founded on the feelings of the
total cast. Evoryone became part
of a total love experienco and was
able to transmit this emotion to
the audience.

It is hard to believe, that this
cast is not composed of profes-
sional dancers, with the exception
of the lead dancers. Jesus Christ,
superbly danced by Hugh Hill;
Mary, by Ginny Goszewska;
Judas, by Fred Valenti; and Maud
Baum dances Mary‘s Dream.

Most people haVc heard by now,
of what went on at the last
performance. It is almost impos-
sible to describe the joy and sad-
ness, love and tragedy, experi-
enced by everyone present in the
Art Gallery. Hopefully, this will
again happen; beginning at 8:00,
Saturday evening, again in the Art
Gallery.

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 23, I971

 

 

TAR

pliolos by chow

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Vol. tVlll No. 33

State University of New York at Albany

Monday. April 26. l97l

 

300,000 March on Washington

by Bob Wilmer

Anywhere from 175,000 to 500,000 people swelled
Pennsylvania Avonuc en route to the Capitol to protest
the Indochina War and many of its ramifications. The
massive march and rally. despite Attorney-Gcncral
Mitchel  simism, was almost completely peaceful and
orderly. In fact, the march had been so well planned that
the entire program was underway at least an hour earlier
than expected.

At 10:15 the marshalls began to group the march and
by 11:00, the march to the Capitol had begun. The
original schedule called for the gathering at the EllipstI
near the Washington Monument. By 1‘2 PM, the march
was to begin and by 2 PM. the rally should h:ch been
underway.

With no interruptions, marchers poured around the
Capitol lawn from the parade route. Only until the rally
ended at 5 PM. did the flow onto the Capitol grounds
reverse itself, The great concentration of people caused
traffic jams and virtually paralyzed any mchmcnl on the
roads for fifty miles back.

 

l
'5

Speakers Are Varied

Quite a few speakers addressed the rally. Among them
were Congressmen, clergymen, civil rights and peace
leaders, and writers. The remarks, at least for the better
half of the rally, were in essence the same. Richard Nixon
had to go. Immediate withdrawal of all troops from
Indochina was an urgent priority of America. And now
that the (loves Were a majority of the nation, they must
use political power (most advocated action through the
electoral process) for the attainment of peace. It was also
resoIVed that the war is an especially barbaric one, and
that "for Nixon, dates are meant to be broken, not
kept."

The vociferous Congresswomen Bella Abzug (Democrat-
Manhattan) said: “Well, it looks like everyone is here
today except Richard Nixon,“ Nixon was at his retreat in
Camp David for the weekend, Although Abzug felt that
the President was unmoved by this massive protest, she
did think that the rally, especially the veterans‘ PmLUSl.
would move the Congress,

That sentiment of abject. pessimism of influencing the

President was a recurrent theme of the rally. Congress I

was cited as the only peaceful alternative left. A few
speakers acknowledged tlial the President was stubbornly
against peace in Southeast Asia, so it would be a waste of
time to direct protests at him. By not renewing the draft
this June 30 and by not voting for war funds, this war
could be strangled, quite a few people on the speaker's
platform said. Congressman lIcrman Badillo (Democrat,
'l‘ri-Borough district of New York City) who is the first
I’ucrto-Rican-Amci‘ican to servo in Congress, MIKII
“You‘ve come to the right place" by coming to ﬂu-
(Tapilol to protest. Rev Joseph Duffy, the Chairman of
llll‘ .r\.l).A_(Amcricans for Democratic Action) and 1970

      

candidate for the Senate, promised that. “the greatest
voter registration drive in the history of this nation" will
be begun soon. And former Senator Grucning of Alaska
agreed that the only hope for ending the war was iii the
legislature.
America's Loss of Humanity

America's loss of humanity was hcwailcd by quite a
few speakers as well. Mrs. t‘orctta King called upon
America "to invest in humanity." The martyred civil
rights leader‘s widow called the war “inhumane and
insane." She especially mocked American values of
justice and of the good. “[Our Saigon] puppets have
been made to destroy for money,“ she said. “Mass
murderers bring a hero's welcome," she said in reference
to Ll. Calley. But Mrs. King, like all the black and
minority speakers at the rally, spoke of the connection
between the war, and pov0rty and repression: “Subsidies
for Lockhead," but crumbs for starving children, She
asked the people of this nation, in conclusion, to "declare
that the war...hunger, poverty, and repression are ovor,"

Ralph Abernathy rang the same chord as Mrs. King,
except that he was perhaps more militant. in his outrage.
“The real hero in this war is not Lit. Calley,..or the
Commander-in-Chicf,m We must understand this war as
the major showing of racism and exploitation (in this
country)."

Florence Luscomb, a veteran sul'fragette, and Congress-
man Abna Mikva of Illinois agreed with Abernathy's
indictment of American humanity. Luscomb said: “Not
since Hitler killed six million Jews has any government
committed such atrocities as the Indochina War." Mikva
said in reference to our refusal to honor free elections in
Vietnam: “Our [15168 Presidential] election didn't turn
out too well, but. nobody defoliatcd us."

Senator Hartke Speaks

The highest political ofﬁcial in this country who
spoke at the rally was Senator Vance Hartke, Democrat
of Indiana. “Out now!" he yelled into the microphone.
“America‘s commitment is to mankind." I‘Iartke, as well
as others, said that. the “prisoners of war will be released
when the war ends." I’lartke said that it is ludicrous to
expect an enemy to release its prisoners before a peace
treaty is signed. After all, he said, America has never
released her prisoners of war prior to any peace agree-
ment in any of her previous wais.

Rights for the Minorities

’I‘hc lasl dozen or so speakers diverged from the main
theme of the rally, (peace in Indochina). Such causes as
Third World, black cqualily, Chicano rights, homosexual
rights, and representation for lhc District of Columbia
Wl‘l'i‘ espoused, Angela Davis” inothi-r spoke in defense of
Ill'l' (Iaiiglitcr's innocence. Shi- iiicnlioiicd the unfairness
of leaving Galley relatively free on house arrest, while

 'm',
w wait":

i:

to

  

‘u' 

Lida.

”' ' ﬂu?“

MN;

if» 2‘»


confining Davis to a jail cell without rights of bail.
Armando Trevino, a Mexican»American spokesman said
that, “Richard Nixon has no conscience."

The solutions for anti-war actions were varied. Some,
like Dcllingi-r, (member of the Chicago 8) called for tax
resistance ti.c. defense percentage of income tax, federal
phone tax). “The people of the U.S. must stop the
government from waging war, said the Chicago 8 defend-
out But Dcllingcr stressed that we should not nae the
violent methods of the government to protest the war.

Others, especially the Congressmen and partisan poli-
tical leaders there, underlined the importance of action
throuin the political process. If Congress and the
President are to be on the side of peace, men with similar
philosophies with the peace movement must be elected,
they said.

Congressional Sponsors

The rally, which was initiated by the National Peace
Action Coalition, was sponsored by 11 U.S. Senators.
Nine of the 1 1 Senators are Democrats; the list includes:
Mike Gravel of Alaska, Fred Harris of Oklahoma, Vance
Ilartke of Indiana, Philip Hart of Michigan, Harold
Hughes of Iowa, George McGovern of South Dakota,
Edmund Muskie of Maine, John Tunney of California,
Harrison Williams of New Jersey, Clifford Case of New
Jersey, and Jacob Javits of New York.

Forty Congressmen including the non-voting represen-
tative from the District of Columbia also supported the
march and rally. 39 of the 40 are Democrats; the only
Republican supporter was Ogden Reid of Westchester,
New York. Out of the 40 House sponsors, 111 were from
the New York delegation.

Entertainment

The four hour rally was not a set of continual speakers,
however. Peter, Paul, and Mary. Country Joe, and Pete
Seeger were the most notable of the entertainers who
broke the seriousness of the speech-making, although the
$011115 were all anti-war. Peter, Paul, and Mary sang
“Blowin' in the Wind," and “Give Peace a Chance" this
time because the time had come to drop any sense of
politeness in our demands to end the war.

San Francisco March
A massive anti-war protest was staged simultaneously in
San li‘rancisco. Approximately 75,000 to 125,000 people
marched six miles through San Francisco demanding an
immediate end to the war. The march began in the San
Francisco Bay waterfront and ended up in Golden Gate
Park for the rally.

According to the Associated Press, thousands ofsigns
ch' waved saying things like: “NixoirMass Murderer,"
and “Nixon, You're Blowing It Up." Half a dozen
marchers carried a red plywood bomb labeled “Nixon's
Big Peace Plan."

 a I 

     

     
 

‘)’
‘I’

‘

~--lioeliberg

 

_ a".

 

(.3:

.,_,~

~51,”

a

‘..,’(:.~t.v I

     

 

