 

 

 

l
l

 

-.... m Nuke-c,“ .

u ‘ lawman w.

 

i
i
i
I,



Moat '

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS!

,,

FRIDAY

 

“SPEC” FOWLER

by Dennis Whitehead photos by Rich Alverson

Barnett “Spec” Fowler of Niskayuna, New York, is a large man
who looks (but does not act) somewhat older than his 56 years.
He has been a newspaperman for 42 years, including lo years
covering police beats; he was the Timex-Union- City and Sunday
Editor before llei turned to writing “Compass Points of Capi-
taland" some 4% years ago. Mr. Fowler has of late written
prolifically about SUNYA and its students, and in order to find
out what makes Spec tick the ASP interviewed him in a
three-hour session on February IO at his newspaper’s offices in
Colonic.

Spec trundled out and greeted us with a smile. We used
psychology on him and smiled back. then threw him off-balance
temporarily by not immediately scribbling Obscenities on the
walls. (We did that on the way out.) Seated in the conference
room, he told us of his childhood in Rotterdam and of his
week-long camping trips to Lake George. He was known as a
"rabble-rouser“ in Schenectady. a reputation which has certainly
not deserted him.

Detractors have called him the “Voice of Morality,” “Town
Scold," and “Jesus Christ, Jr." “Most people think of me as a son
of a bitch or not; my own opinion is somewhere in between." His
many years as a police reporter have molded a personal
philosophy which "balances annoyance with a sense of humor."
He says he is “reasonably tolerant," but abhors brutality.

We asked him when he ﬁrst started writing about Albany State,
“I wrote my first article on SUNY about a year and a half ago,
when I was enormously intrigued by that cartoon showing a
professor defecating into a funnel." Reminding us again of his
reasonable tolerance, he confessed that the ASP of the last few
years "disturbed" him.

“A Newspaper's Got to Have Guts."

“I'm not shocked by a four-letter word, but we're concerned
With the question of a standard, not of conduct. but of printing
We underestimate the actual power of a newspaper. There ain'tii
hell of a lot of sense in a newspaper existing unless it’s put to
reasonably good use. The paper last year was becoming too
damned occupied with biological functions—feces and other
certain enjoyable acts." (A sly wink here.)

Asked about the present ASI} Fowler had some kind Words
declaring that in his opinion the paper has “improved in quality.
Your paper now is better because it shows more balance as is seen
by the recent ‘Crime on Campus' editorial. Too mahy people
today are regimented into the same kind of thinking; because a
campus may be liberal is no reason for the paper to hc so, A
 got to haVe guts. Guts is the theme of everything

Spec says he has read the Albany IL'iiglc which he has
contributed to financially and has rcfcrrcd to inlpiist columns as
“the voice of sanity" on the SUNYA campus, He has also rlcad
Siuecl Fire: l‘l was particularly fascinated by their description of
the narco squad."

“Did Burnett Fowler ever advocate suppression of the AS!”
“You bet I did! And I'll do it again if nccossi y." This we found

 

to be interesting, as Spec never went to college and udmitli-d that
the ASP is aimed at a fairly spccific audience which is not as easily
offended as the readers of the 'l‘llllt's-UIIIUIL We asked what thus
gich him the righl to call for the suppression of a publication
which is funded in no way (“Thank God!") by his tax money.

 

“Unless you hate adults, what's wron with takln
adult and asking his advice?" I 8 a" “Pedenced

x

A PIECE OF HIS MIND

 

“I don‘t care if they say ‘Fuck Barney Fowler.’ "

"Be a ‘SeIf-Gooser' “

“I don‘t like oversupervision, this is for the birds, but somebody
should have stepped in two or three years agowhen the ASP got
out of hand. I called it a campus rag, and very cheerfully so.
Unless you hate adults, what's wrong with taking an experienced

rm" '

r—

 

adult and asking his advice? You’ve got to be a ‘self-gooser' - the
competition is between mediocrity and excellence. In your case,
with no administration interference or faculty advising, it's got to
come from within yourselves.

"I used to teach journalism at Siena, and as technical advisor to
their paper I gave those guys every conceivable kind of free rein
Within reason. I once ordered a Father from the classroom for
trying to take over a discussion.

 

I (l0 "0‘ belie . . I t t
ve It IS senSIblc l0 ema Clllll ' g
i ' I S f‘ .SCClll'Ify ll'll(l.\
by "()l L‘VL‘II giving lllt‘lll il Sllllgh'llf)l.“

Code of Ethics

.. .
imliui thc lhllNY sysli-ni should haVc a codc of t'llllt"; or if H K
I - ' h ‘
lg“ tilt“ Il'hlllllltl hich a stricter code of ethics- lilo think Ulll‘ of
c . » ' i ' i I
“Hell-lllltllltllls ol Lollcgc is to touch a set of standards All
igcn pcrson should be 'I l I H
. a ilc to undcrsl'oul ‘ '- i '
mumls‘ hm I r r I . i . . . astt ol clliics. Not
“rd” “’th It‘lllllln il‘llnlt that i-mpowcrs tlu' :ulministraiioo to
mm” 1 \\I i thi- elimination of a campus [lupt'r lll'll lllil'\ out
’ CL. 4 . . . . . ' ' K I
I)nlm‘mailn slaiidaids. In my opinion, a ni-Wspapcr which Is
I)" In'icjurir Willi thi- bowvls is not asludcnt iii-wspupcr. It would
“w glilpprmiir suth a ('tKll' to exist. and Violation should call for
“mum E.‘./.l(‘l/llllll a newspaper or for immediate L'Xpllls'lllil of ‘l
. . cr, (umn mch you inul ' ' ' . K
. I to ill societ is b' " ' ‘ '
ol mines, and that code is the law “ y “Md 0” ll Huh
I 1 H ‘ I
i [he Voice of Morality" has indce
( rliwmv l ' -‘ ‘
“1.1mm: it.) llllltl enforcing codes ol behavior for others 'I‘hc
. . .our oncc appointc ' ' I H
d him ciistodi ' ‘
h V . iin ol . ' ‘ ‘
lwhore house for ii year. He smiles at the u M1“ "0‘ may
lygone days. “Yr-s, I closed it." Listen to
t iirt the whore-house didn't stand a chance
‘owlcr ' ‘ " .
“Dmimmlagiiilltsl t‘hatl lllh columns and WGY radio broadcasts arc
c , u co s that a col ‘
umn should ' - ‘
r I ' U . ‘ [)I‘tlvldt. at uni s i'icc
caloppoaing replies. this gives balance to a newspaper I I ‘
Alba asked If he thought his c I
an St - ' '
nbuulyuwx; :udcnts, i.e., does he ever write anything timid
momor l e replied, after a pause, “You I do " SpeC'h’
10 ' I 
y, wcvtr, could unearth only one such instance, wliun he

wrote about the e v' .
Clifton Park. " """m'm'ul proiuct of u SUNY student In

(I had previous i-xporiinici- in

memory of those grcul
.
hpcc tiilk and you know

olumn was balanced regarding

 

    

EBRUARY 19, 1971

“I wish
vagrants. burns..."

 

 

We asked, is this what he calls balance? “About 90% of my work
on the police beat dealt with criminals. I never felt it necessary to
explain that most people are not entangled with the law. Must I
write about the good student who doesn’t smoke or drink and
who studies his non-dirty books?" Although he estimates that
95% of the SUNYA student body are “solid citizens," he asks
“What can I write about the good student?"

“You're Too Easily Shocked“

We got around to Sayles Hall. Spec could hardly sit still when
we mentioned it. “The crux of the matter was not the defaccmcnt
of several hundred square feet of wall; I could care less! It‘s not
the harmless graffiti, but the fact that the activities of a few
influence the majority. I don't care if they say ‘Fuck Barney
Fowler,’ but here a small minority forced their own form of art
upon the majority who have to pay for it." We told him that some
of the defuccrs have turned themselves in, “I admire that: It takes
guts to do it."

Concorning his entry into Saylcs, he shrugs it off with a chuckle.
“You're too easily shocked. I don‘t think any individual who
keeps his room clean should mind me coming into a room I
consider a pigsty in order to raise the standards of the dorm. I
think the slobs should be put in one or two dorms of their own."

What giVes him the right to play the role of Mr. Clean? "As a
reporter I have the right to enter any state institution.“ Would he
enter private apartments in government-owned housing projects?
“If there were reason to believe that ctrtain conditions existed
that were not in keeping with proper standards of living, I think a
reporter who could not get permission from the Housing
Authority would be remiss in his duty if he didn‘t go in there. I'll
make every damned effort I can - within reason - to get in and
observe. This is my job, this is what I've done all my life." Would
Barnett Fowler, private citizen, be upset if he rented a motel
room and some reporter, thinking something was amiss, broke in?
“I would expect it,"

At length, Fowler conceded that going into a private room
“might have the effect of irritating someone. But I challenge
anyone to bring charges, Find something in SUNY law; I’ll plead
innocent and I'll be willing to take the consequences."

Campus Cops and Robbers

Should Security Police be armed? “Yes!” With what? “With
guns! I do not believe it is sensible to cmasculate security guards
by not even giving them a slingshot."

Spec feels this ballistic disembowclment is the fault of the
administration. “They should stop playing cops and robbers on
campus. I don't think SUNY has leadership; it is being run mostly
by students and not by the administration. A good segment of
students amout of control at Albany State. Permissiveness has
grown to the point where it has become a Frankenstein on the
campus, I believe that for every action there is a reaction. I believe
that someone who dcfaccs or destroys not only should get
punished, but deserves it.“

Spec mentioned a letter InI rcccivcd from SUNYA Public
Relations Director David Van Dykc stating that over $5000
damage was done thc physical plant in the l970 Fall Semester,
“Why can't we nail the bastards who did this?" Would he cxpcl all
(lel'accrs caught? “l advocate a dcnicrit system. Let the consistcnl
offenders be thrown out of college where they can get a few
boots in the ass. For cxamplc, those who dcfaccd Sayles lhc
second time should he cxpcllcd, ’l‘licy have demonstrated a spirit
of rebellion which is unhcalthy for “)0 student hotly."

()ii Marijuana

“'l‘hc smell of it turns my stomach," snorli'il Spcc as ho lit up
another hutl. "But llll' [)t‘llillllt‘s for list-rs arc cxccssivo. 'l‘hi- most
brutal thing is to bust a Wl‘illi \villi-il individual for i-xpcrimi-nliiig
with the stuff. If I wcrc convicted for cvi'rylhiiig l (lid- tilit‘l‘, for
the first lime ~ I‘d lic u Sllillll‘l‘l'll man. l fch that a man's rccoril
should havc a ccrtniii number of convictions Iii-l'ori- publicity "
llas hc lricd marijuana" “I don't ll.|\'l' to put my hand in llII‘ firi-
But if a man wants to commit suirulc. ll‘l him "

to know it's hot.
" “You lll‘ll liul I'd lic thc first to say that our

Docs Spci' drink
lino/.i- standards ari- iiol strict i-oougli i'lllll'l' "

()ii ('cusorsliip

llt‘l‘l‘lll itchlisls :iri- prcoccupii-d \Vllll [)I’I'Vt‘I‘SlUII, but l

“in... :.'
do believe
recently on growing and packaging marijuana.

in ccnsorsliip in certain instaiiccs, as in a hook I read
It had all the thrill

 

you would point out that I do not feel the majority of students are

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

j

i

of informing you how to get syphilis, how to perpetuate it, but
not how to cure it.“

On Vulgarity

“l have never used ‘fuck‘ or ‘shit‘ in front of a public audience. I
havr- never told a dirty joke to an audience in my life, and Ispoke
lo 155 of them in IS)7()." He feels that the ASP could‘offer a
certain amount of column space for those whose "minds are in the
guitar," but this should not be the rule. “There‘s no substitute for
‘hcll,' but there is a substitute for ‘fuck.’ "

On the Spring Strike

"1 think it was totally unnecessary. 'I‘Iierc's a thousand other
ways other than staying out of classes, which is the whole purpose
of the univcrsily. And what the hell good is a march on the New
York Slate Capitol going to do anybody? It‘s a fun thing, it‘s an
outlet for emotions; but what good is it?"

Would Barnett Fowlcr let a daughter of his comic to Albany
state and lch on campus? “Oh, I think so, because if she failed in
my cxpcclulluns it would be my fault and her mother's." Spec
lold us that his son wanted to study forestry at Paul Smith's
(‘olli-gc iii Haranac Laltc hut wasdrafli'd and sent to Europe; he is

ll"th:|I'I'|t'll and has cliildrcn,

'l‘hc Columnist and the Students

l“(inl'l‘ has rcl'crri-d to SUNYA as "Dirty Doodlclaiid" and
“Bal‘l'liwillc, USA." Although hc liclii-vvs that most students are
good people. docs lic think his rcadcrs can gcl an accurate picture
of tlic uiiiVi-rsity studcnts from thi-sc dcscriptions'} "I want people
to think about SUNY. I want to - both as an individaul and as a
iichpapcrman ~ impress upon llll' public that (‘crlaiii things arc
going on at the campus which should not hi- going on. This is a
lcchniquv of writing - you usc t'l‘l’lttlll phrascology to bring lll)lnt‘
a point,"

The hour was into and wc prcpnrcd to Icich
rcluclaolly, as lllt‘ session had lici-ii (iuitc lively. Spec stopped us:
"You guys liavc managed to disturb me' about something. I wish
you would point out that ldo not fch the majority of students
arc vagi‘aiits, hums. criminals, or Michclangclos ol' the wall.
thiicvcr I mention a ‘studcnt,' ll is not all-oncompassing. I do

» soniciv hat

l‘llS

 

 

think tlic majority are solid cit

After shaking hands and saying good-by wc procccdcd to
investigate the mcn's room in the building for evidences of graffiti
on the walls. The room was ocwly painted. You gotta hand it to
Spec: he was ready for us.

 

Editorial Note

This llllt'rl'lt'w was conducted by Dennis ll’hitehuad, Rich
zlltvcrson, Mitchell Frost, and John O'Grody, armed with
paper, puns, camera, and tape recorder. Everything worked
cxccp! the tape recorder, but we took pains to copy exact
quotations; while we have taken some liberties in rearranging
these according to topic, we feel that they nevertheless
accurately translate the proceedings of the interview, and will
print Mr. Fowler's corrections if he thinks differently.

 

 

 

\

“Evelry damn move you make in society is based upon a code of ethics, and that code
is the aw."

 

 

 

 

