 

VL-rm

 

 

.w—wwm wwmww. w ».

 

‘ race 12

FACULTY-STUDENT ASSOCIATION:
MORE THAN A GREASY BURGER

 

 

by Chris Oberle

It appears to be highly probable that the average student views the Faculty Student
Association as a rather incomprehensible conglomerate that takes meal contract money
and transforms it into an unending procession of foul tasting excuses for breakfast,
lunch, and dinner. While it is true that unappetizing meals have caused understandable
dissent, it is also true that a look at the structure and function of FSA can help students
realize that more than grunts and groans at the table are needed to achieve a solution.

The present version of the Faculty Student Association of SUNYA is the result of
action taken by the central administration of the state school system in 1966. At that
time the Chancellor’s Office agreed that the 24 non-profit, tax exempt FSAs in New
York should be independently contracted on a two year basis to provide food, books,
vending machines, and other optional items for the convenience of pupils and
Instructors. The Albany FSA is now engaged in its third contract, terminating on June
30, 1972.

Under this agreement, the Food Service, headed by MalcolmCorbey,operates four
cafeterias uptown and two downtown, plus the Patroon Room, two snack bars, and a
type of catering service for special events. Total income from these was $210,800 last
year. The bookstore, under the direction of Bob Di Novo, provides the university with
textbooks and miscellaneous sundries. Present plans call for the computerization of the
store, a move which will hopefully cut down on its $74,500 deficit. The vending
machines are scattered throughout the campus by virtue of arrangements with local
distributors, adding $34,600 to FSA’s annual income.

Optional Services Offered

In addition to these services. which are mandatory under the organimtion‘s contracts,
FSA also administers several optional operations. The Barber Shop, Beauty Parlor, and
check cashing are located in the campus Center for cvcryonc's benefit. A banking
system keeps track of 180 accounts for various groups, such as the Student Association,
Physical Edueation, or any department receiving federal grants. Each year, short-term,
interest-free loans amounting to $100,000 ilrt! given to students and faculty who may be
awaiting scholarships or National Defense moncy, These services ill't! all managed by
Dick Locker, Assistant to the Director.

The bowling lanes and billiards room are other FSA sponsored facilities. The
corporation owns 15 off-campus houses which it lets at cost to incoming professors who
are unable to find living quarters. It also runs a small publishing concern of particular
value to the faculty.

The 14 departments of the Faculty Student Association cmploy a total of 275
full-time workers, including food service people, custodians. cleaning ladies, check
cashiers, bookkeepers, etc. Approximately 544 students are working at any one time as
temporary help.

Administration of this rather diversified institution is maintained in part by the
Executive Director, Mr. Robert A. Cooley (Harvard '32). Most of the complicated task
of policy making is accomplished through the board of directors. This ninc-mcmbcr
body is composed of three administration officials: President Benczet, Vice President
Hartley, and Dr. Thorne, Vice President of Student Affairs. ’l‘hrce faculty members are
elected by the University Scnatc. Students are represented by the Prcsidcnt and Vice
President of the Student Association, and usually one graduate student. The board holds
an open meeting in the middle of cvcry month in order to hear professional staff
suggestions and to make policy decisions.

Groove Tube is

Coming

March 19 and 20

Sponsored by

Campus Center Governing Board

Funded by Student Tax

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1971'

 

Mohawk Gets Most Surplus Funds

One decision that is in no way connected with FSA involves the matter of what Mr.
Cooley calls “surplus” funds. in the course of planning cxpcnscs for the $5 to $6
million annual operation, a one or two percent margin is budgeted in order to insure the
company‘s ability to remain solvent. if the margin results in a surplus, the manner in
which this money is to be invested is dctcrmincd by the Finance Committee of students,
faculty, and administration appointed by the university. Last year, $286,875 was

devoted to capital expenditures, deficits, student affairs, and special university functions.

The entire FSA surplus, in additon to money earmarked of over-expenditure, wcnt
toward these projects.

Improvement and operating cxpenscs at the Mohawk Campus amounted to $71,600,
while food service and thc campus store received $47,800 for expansion and an attempt
at better service. The intramural program was the recipient of $7,500. Funds for faculty
rccruitmcnt, meetings, and university guests totalled $8,000. All functions and
investments are reviewed by state auditors.

Robert A. Cooley
Executive Director

Faculty-Student Association

It can be seen that, in general, the Faculty-Student Association is simply an agent
furnishing services to the university community. it is a difficult organization to
understand, due to its many-faceted activities, and also because, as Director Robert
Cooley says, it is in a “constant state of change." Cooley admits that lhc corporation is
by no means perfect, with plenty of room for improvement.

The problems confronting the organization are quite complex, especially since surplus
monies often go to causes far removed from FSA, such as thtI Mohawk Campus. Other
problems include trouble hiring highly qualified personnel due to relatively low wage
scales, continually riding costs, and thc uncooperative spirit of many manufacturers.
Whilc it is extremely difficult to suggest solutions to the company's drawbacks, it must
be agrccd that a realistic, objcctivu approach to tho composition and function of the
FSA is a vital first step in arriving at answers.

 

5300

Drugs
Legal Hassles
Pregnancy
Any Problem

'illllll I‘. .|llvt‘
illlll w.-Il .nul WIlllIti]
Wv want it) ltl'lll

Call 457-5300 24 hrs/day
maybe we can help

 

 

 

Did You Know

largest single employer
of students on campus?

Our Job is

Serving You.

Jud 3V. HEN“. -— 45.1 .1330

‘ UPTOWN

(AFIIAl DISVRICY'S

MINI - THEATRE

that we are the
III

Li writllouili nltltlllt t» R
lltl piot‘lm Mon to]

' tothnutolm "horn wr’iinoi bios

Thur-Fri-Sat
8 PM
Sun 3—7z30
Admission-$1.25

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Friday. March l2.

Vol. LVill No.l9

Legislature Slash

Larger Classes Seen

by Bruce B. Detlefson

AP Education Writer

The Assembly's Democratic minority proposed Wednesday to cut
spending on the Statc University through a $25 million slash in
operating funds and a $12 million reduction in support of local
community colleges.

A key part of the proposal is to have faculty membcrs at the
state-operated campuses tench larger numbers of students.

The basic prcmisc bchind thc second part of the economy plan is
that local sponsors of community colleges are reducing their commit-
mcnts, moaning the state can lowcr its share of the over-all cost.

'l'hc chaiigc in l'aculty-studcnt ratios emerged as the most salicnt
l'caturc of thc Democratic rccomincndations for reducing spending on
the SUNY systcm.

in a (lctuilctl breakdown, it was proposcd to accommodate
studcnt cnrollmcnt incrcascs without any incrt-asc in the size of the
touching staff, up to a change of 2.0 compared with the ratio for
1970-1971.

The l)cmocrats went on to say that, if thc ratio of students to
faculty was changed by 2.0 in each institution, the stulc could save
$12 million in the now fiscal year.

Tht-y cited, for cxamplc, studciil-faculty ratios of 13.6 at tho four
iiiiivcrsity Ccnlcrs and 15.3 at tho Iii collcgcs of arts and scicnccs.
’l‘hcsc would go to 15.6 and 17.1! rcspcctivcly.

Staff aides to tho Dcniocratic lawmalicrs maintained that the
higher figurt-s still coiiiparc favorably with tho ratios at public
tiiiin-rsily systems in such other states as California and Michigan.

Republican (iov. Rockefeller had propole in his butlch “lcant-r'
student-faculty ratios. But Rtlckl'l't‘llt‘l“ also rcrommcndcrl hiring 450
morn faculty members to mt-ct projected enrollment incrcasvs in
107 l 772. The Democrats would climinatc lhcsc tlt'W jobs.

In otht-r tll‘t'llS, llli‘ Dcmocr: s I‘ct'oinmi'ndcd cutbacks in future
construction programs that do not invoch hard cash in thc next state
budget, What they ill't' contomplaling is to head off authorizations for
now buildings on which construction has not yet begun. -

Ri-publican lcgislalors also are considering cuts in the operating
budget ltockcl‘cllcr proposcd for the university systcm, l’rcscnt
indications are that these will amount to about $20 million.

'l‘hc university administration originally asked for 2,800 new
positions, including administratch and inaintciuinco personnel as wall
as faculty.

Rockcl'cllcr trimmcd this lo 806, 'l‘hc Republican nit-mbcrs of thc
Asscmbly Ways and Mcans Committct- rccomlncndt-(l climinatioii of
62‘] of those positions.

 

State University of New Yorlt at Albany

ing SUNY Budget

l97l.

 

If the State Leg'slature gets its way. there will be even more students per teacher than them are now.

mll och berg

Cutbacks Hurt Disadvantaged

 

I)r. Harry Hamilton, head of Albany‘s EOP program, urged the State Legislature to
increase its 1971-72 proposed budget allocations for the higher education of
disudvantapm students.

-~-bcrtjoniin

ALBANY, NY. (AP) l'hliiia
tors, sliidtvnts .iiitl h-gislalors Wrd
llt‘ﬁtltl) :islwd :i lI-gislativv commit
too to Ilit‘l‘tttist' llll‘ lil7l-72 pro-
posctl state budget allocation for
tho liiglit-i' r-tlnralion of disad-
vaiilagctl students.

In lcstiinony before a Joint Leg
lsllllth‘ (‘onimiltcc on Higher l‘ltlu»
ration limiring, rt-prcscntulivi-s
from private and public univer-
silics said state l‘itllll‘illltlll Depart
Illl'lll cutbacks and only slightly
int-roused funding in some areas
llll'l‘tllt‘lil‘tl lo l‘t‘(l|lt‘t‘ lll(' number
of students enrolled iii lllt‘ higher
t'tlllt‘tlllnll opportunin programs.

John W. lir'iivis .li'., coordiiizr
tor of the Office of Special l’ro’
grains and Urban Conn-rs at tho
Stiilc University of New York,
lt-stll'it-tl that tho slolc's urban
center and opportunity programs
would be “lrviiicndously handi-
cuppt-d" if additional funds wcri-
not nppropriulcd.

l‘lniilio lliVi-ra Jr._ associati- doan
for special programs at SUNY,
warned that minority studcnls
would “(lciuund some answers" if
programs benefiting them were
curtailed or cut back.

While the witnesses novor directv

ly said program cuts would cause

campus unrt-sl many hinted that
ilisntlraiitatctl students would st-c
tho programs as it hoax and that
"grcat anxit-ty" would result if
lhcrc worr cutbacks.

"Irrational things huppcn in
such situations," said Dr, llui'l'y L.
llainillon ol'SUNYA.

l’rivatc univ - 'sitics told tlic coin-
iniltcc that if stalc funds could
not l)t' tlsotl for tuition paymcnts
and for third and fourth year
sludi-nls in thostl programs, as the
Education Department ruli-(l last
fall, tlicy would hﬂ‘ll’ to roducc
tho numbcr of sludcnls in thc
lll~l()l’ programs.

"Unless lllt'l‘t‘ is a significant
iiicrcasc in thc lcvcl of public
support for students from low
lllCUlllt‘ and disadvaiitngcd cducu-
lioiinl backgrounds, these vital of-
forts cannot be sustained." said
W.l). Jones of Cornell Univorsity.

Nathaniel Ellis, a pro-law stir
(it'!ll at New l‘allr. Sttito Uiiivcr-
sily, and several other students
told how lllt'y ovcrcnnic disadvan-
Ingod backgrounds with the hpr
of SEEK atid othor state-funded
programs. 'l‘hcy called on the
committee, which is reviewing the
governor‘s lilgher cducatlon bud-

got requests, to increase allocations.

_ . WWW?

 

