 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

.~.m__,¢».4.~m...m~ww«»..~.... _ .

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.a'. "’2'. means. .A'
EUENEZtk HOW/lib
AND coMAMY

    

 

 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

m
MEI

 

 

 

 

 

 

photos by goodman and hochberg

graphics by tom rhodes and Claudia medonnell

 

Exploring new trends in education and community living, I the
Ebenezer Howard Project is presenting new ideas for a unique
living-learning experience. Plans are being formulated for a long-range
program developipg and creating a new community in Greene County,
and a short-range project helping to relieve the housing shortage In
Albany.

Named after British builder Ebenezer Howard, the group is student
organized and student run. Two former students, Stratton RaWson
and Doug Goldschmidt were hired by Student Association to direct
the project which currently involves about 30 students, some full
time. Three areas of concentration have been determined. one on the
New Community, another for the In-Town Project, and an Academic

research group.

lN—TOWN HOUSING

Among the pressing concerns prompting Student Association to
allocate funds for the Howard project was the Albany housing
situation. With the projected student enrollment for the University
and the inadequacies of dormitory construction coupled with the
limited and deteriorating living conditions of many student residences
in Albany, Central Council saw a need for alternatives. The goal, of
course, is the establishment of a new community. However, an Albany
program has been launched.

According to Jeff Wasserman, a leader of the project, four areas of
the city are under consideration. Most promising is a block of houses
near Draper, which would be bought and renovated. The goal of the
program is more than to simply provide student housing, but also an
attempt to increase available housing for all Albany residents.
Spokesman for the project contend that, “what we are proposing is
not a dormitory or a student housing development. Rather, we are
proposing a balanced neighborhood development which will benefit
both students and residents of Albany in terms of housing and services
provided."

GREENE 00 UN TY

The primary goal of the Ebenezer Howard Project is the creation of
a new community, a community ecologically, academically, and
socially balanced. After months of scanning sites in the Albany area,
Greene County, about 15 miles south of Albany, was selected as a
likely focus point.

"Greene County is one of the poorest and potentially one of the
richest counties in the tri-city or mid-Hudson area," say the project
coordinators, and with planning funds available through government
subsidies, it is a feasible choice. The county, growing in poverty, has
only just begun its planning processes. Members of the Howard
Project feel that a new town in Greene County offers a unique chance
to carry out a full range of planning activities, thus providing a viable
educational program.

The Howard Project is dedicated to the idea of “the engaged style of
education," according to spokesman Wasserman. It is believed that the
University should allow interested students to actively participate in

Construction with a concert:
for the environment is one of
the goals of the Ebenezer
llo ward Project.

'"hoehbcrg ‘

 

, WEDNESDA MARCH 24.1971

by Carol H ugheS

 

an ongoing project. Apparently, personal motivation is the key since
student commitment would be an entirely personal decision. The
choice of the Greene County location provides the opportunity for
this involvement, because all aspects of the work--from planning to
actually building the community ’ is possible.

Plans for the town are as yet fluid. However, research (through visits
and literature) has been progressing for several months. Recent trips
to Columbia, Maryland and Reston, Virginia, homes of two planned
communities, were disappointing, according to Wasserman and other
committee members.

“Both showed very little innovation and little concern to the
environment,” they stated. Further study continues.

Presently, the students are seeking a house in Greene County in
which to set up a living-learning environment where planning for the
new town can be started. Hopefully, the county will make available a
tax‘delinquent structure (obtainable at low cost) to the group.

RESOUR (‘ES

The most blatant problems facing the program is the need for
planning capital and resources. Discussion has begun with HP! to
arrange joint participation in the project. At the moment, several RPl
students are living in the Ebenezer Howard offices in Mohican Hall
and are working on architectural designs for the Greene County
project. Members of the project hope that this cooperation can be
extended both with RPI and with other area colleges.

Fund-raising presents a project in itself. At the present time, two
corporations are being established (two because of peculiarities in the
federal housing lnws). Moreover, money from other sources is also
being sought.

LI VING AND LEARNING

The progress in the creation of an Environmental Studies Program
has raised possibilities for housing the Howard Project in that
department. Currently, the offices of the Howard Project have moved
to Mohican Hall on Indian quad where a small “living and learning"
center has been established. Since the project's change of location was
rather sudden, few students were available to take part in the
"experience." Project leaders hope that his opportunity may be
expanded in the future. Additionally, seminars dealing with a
humanistic and scientific approach to Urban Ecology are being
formulated to augment independent study on the new community
project and the in-town rehabilitation work.

In the next few weeks, a campaign to recruit students into the
project will be conducted since the coordinators of the project will all
be leaving this year. Students are also invited to visit the Mohican
offices and view the work of the project.

The exploration of new educational trends has thrown away many
of the traditional limits of the university experience. The Ebenezer
Howard Project presents another leap in innovative education, aimed
at combatting a real problem in housing, and broadening the
knowledge of all its participants.

  
 
 
   
   
    
 
    

11¢ch Hiworcl Pro' at

Indian Quad, temporary home of the Ebenezer Howard Project.

  

---goodman

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

