' l
g

 

.. A ~ « .‘

  
   

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1971

  

Albany’s

liett

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The
Albany
Free
School
for
children.
Willing
to

Experiment.

    

~-$()l()lllnll

liree School

Struggling to Stay Alive

by Mike Ellis

Deep in Albany‘s South End exists an institir
tion which challenges many of the traditional
concepts of education. The Albany Free School at
«to Franklin Street is a non-graded experiment. in
inter-cultural, interrracial education.

The school exists in quarters rented form a
Baptist church. The seventeen pupils and three staff
members interact through a flexible schedule and
mutual understanding, Formal classes are divided
into levels of learning, rather than by age groups or
class years. There are three levels of reading and
science and four of math. Social studio. is taught
through movies, field trips which utilize the city and
rap sessions.

Outside of the formal classes there are individ‘
ual initiatiVe sessions in which students lead a
discussion or cliiss themselves or request staff aid or
supervision as needed.

The school utilizes visual aids to a great extent
in teaching, When a student demonstrates ability to
completely set up and run a film projector, he is
awarded tl film certificate and may then use the
projector for his own classes on his free time.

Students are also awarded certificates for lt-Vels
of competence in various fields, including cooking.
Certificates are posted on the poster and black
board~filled walls.

Twice a week crafts are taught in the afternoon.
The products made are selling quite well and the
money is used by the student as he wishes.

Except for the expected financial problems, the
school has had little trouble until recently. On
January 25 a complaint against the school was filed.
Inspections were made and requtsts for improve-
ment sent with it March 3rd deadline

Mary Leue, the director of the school, says she
intends to ignore the requests, Although the corn
plaints are technically valid, she feels that the
personal vindictivo motivation behind their initia-
lion (springing from family problems of one stu-
dent) and the singling out of her school over other
inner-city institutions with similar technical violie
tions was sufficent grounds to ignore them. She is
optimistic about the outcome but the legal fees will
put it seVerc strain upon the budget of the school.

Leue, an outspoken woman and founder of the
school. is not overly concerned with the matter.
What is on her mind iind those of the rest of the
staff is the financial problems of the school To
continue operating, the school needs a monthly

 

 

income of $760. At jll't'nt‘tll the income is about
$225 a month aiid there is a large debt.

The school was llll‘llt'(l down for l"l'(lt'l'tll 'l'itlc l
money (for the educationally disadvantaged), for
the use of the empty l’.S. l:'i, and for acci'ediation as
a public school. They hope to receive aid from a
major foundation or under Title III (for innovatch
education).

Despite some hesitancy at the beginning for
parents to enroll their children, things are now
running smoothly. There are regular meetings with
parents to discuss the educational progress of the
children and any problems of the school.

Leue, a certified teacher, founded the school
because of her dissatisfaction with public school
education. Last year she ran the school in her home
with four students including her own son. This fall
they moved to the larger quarters With chcn
students the first day The present enrollment is
seventeen.

'l‘he riiain problems in the public schools, in
Lcuc's view, is stifling tradition. She believes the
teachers and students are both Victims of the
system, each forced into roles they do not seek.

She feels that if classes are made smaller and
schedules less rigid, llu more personal attention
will result. She also favors an increase in teacher
aides aiul parent participation, in the school, which
can free the teachers to do the teaching they want,
rather than the slipevisioiial activities which achieves
order at the expense of learning.

Leue says that pi'ogi'c" is best shown by the
results of the programs. Shi- pointed out sew-rat
student.

()nc student, .loe. Iii. transferred Ill from a class
for the mentally retarded, l'illi-tith grade, at iieigh~
boring (iifl'eii School. During his free period, he led
a class in history through historical decals off milk
cartons pasted on cardboard. Joe was illiterate with
an lQ judged to be 7-t (16 points below normal
range) when he entered in December

Lucy is 15. Her lQ was measured at 56 when
she entered from llai'kett Jr. High special class, Like
Joc, she was functionally illiterate when slie entered
two and a half months ago. Both entered the school
on their own initiatiVe after hearing of It through
word of month.

Now Lucy. although shy from nine years of
failure in [)tll)lit school. is reading for the first lltlll'
and no longer h; ii truancy problem

The staff feels that progress like this plus the
gains made by the more typical students more than
justifies the existence of the school.

 

 

 

 

 

 

now with

Polgar the Amazing Hypnotist

Presents: "Miracles of the Mind"
on March 5 at 8 PM in the CC Ballroom.

Sponsored by C(JUB Funded by SA
tux. $1.50 without

Tickets will be sold March 2—5
in the CC lobby and at the door.

will be .here

in CC346

necessary

 

 

 

"mags a...“ .sua......ug..~m.t..«,,t..~. u —«-—» N

THE 5.x. LAWYER

Tuesday from 7-9pm

PAGE 8

Rural Commune Planned
For Faculty, Students;

Startirgizig Fall Semester

An academic communal house for SUNYA students and faculty
with goals similar to the Ebenezer Howard project is in the initial
planning stages. The plan calls for the acquisition of a large house
or small farm, preferably in the Heldeberg escarpment or the
Altamont area (this area should be more or less free from the
projected Albany-Schenectady sprawl) to be used for ecologically
sound and intellectually stimulative living.

The project should develop in this way: The household will
consist of faculty and undergraduate and graduate students, both
single men and women and couples. The size of the household will
be limited by the si ..- of the house obtained and the number of
people desiring individual rooms. People will be chosen from as
many of the disciplines as pos ble, in keeping with the format of
the house as a learning proc  The household as an experiment
will try to answor the question; “how ecologically sound can one
household be without this kind of living becoming it full time
job?" This will be necessary because ut' the restrictions on time
due to students attending classes and studying, teachers at class
and preparing lessons, etc, it is the thesis of the project that once
an ecologically sound schedule is organi'I.ed it will be far less
difficult and time consuming than it might at first sound. lnitiat
ecological goals include recycling of cans, bottles, and paper and
the establishing of a compost pile to be the basis for an organic
garden in the spring of l€l7‘_’, Later efforts may extend further.
The house will be obtained by June of 197]. Any needed repair
work will be done this summer and full occupancy is scheduled for
the fall term.

A steering committee of those interested is now being formed
and a meeting will be held shortly. Interested people may learn-
their name, address. and telephone number in Bill Votiglit 's box in
the l‘Invirtiiiinenlal l“()l'tlnl office, l"/\ 2th, or call Bill lirina at
“52- Hi i 7.

RamblingTbougbts

by Phil Ellis

 

 

The New York State Legislature is in the process of having
protective glass shields installed in the Senate and Assembly Cham-
bers. Senator Bridges said that it was necessary for the protection of
our legislators, while they work.

He mentioned two incidents that occurred in Albany last. year. One
was an attempt to break down the doors in the the Capitol's second
floor, and another was an attempt to burn drapes in the Assembly
parlor.

Now let's be serious for one moment. if someone can break down
doors, they certainly can break glass. And, no one has as yet shown
me what bullet proof glass has to do with burning drapes.

But, the $170,000 has been appropriated and the construction has
begun.

When two ot' our legislators were jumped on the streets of Albany a
while back, suddenly police started patrolling the area‘- on foot, no
less. When fire bombs started going off around here last May, We
either left school or stayed awake at night, wondering when the next
one would go off.

The legislature has seen fit to protect itself, l wonder, if in addition
to being bullet proof, the glass is also soundproof. [r it is, then the
legislature has a perfectly sound (no pun intended) reason for not.
listening to us they can't hear us.

Next year the glass will be painted with some opaque substance so
that the Legislature cannot see us.

The following year, each Legislator will be surrounded by a
detachment of armed guards, so that they will not be able to get near
us, and conversely, We will not be abh- to get near them.

And so, in a Very short time, our legislators will haVe three perfectly
valid excuses for completely ignoring us (as if they needed one).

Wouldn‘t it be nice if, before all this happened, eVi-ry member of
this campus went out of his way to make an appointment with his
local Assemblyman and Senator. We could all go down and ask to see
and hear the justification for this fiasco called state govuriiincnt. if
each of the more than |h,t)tltl people on this campus saw one
Assemblyman and one Scaiitor, that would be oVer :lt),t)t)() personal
visits. if we all took one hour per Visit. that would be over 30,000
hours that our Legislature would havo to work. It would not cost us
anything. but it might force the Legislature to extend its 17 Week
SI'SSlllll.

But if the) extended the session. they would |ll‘til)tll)lyll1l\'t‘ to vote
themsele another raise After all, who can live on a mere $ltt.ttt)tl
per year these dnys'.’

to dlscuos any

lt-giil (jiit'stiiiiii-i,

lllNlll'tlllt'l‘ |Il‘t)l)lt‘lll‘<,

‘\

lt|\\ Ht liiiiLl-t,

llt) ﬂpptlillllllt‘lll

liii-sslt-s, t'lt'

 

    
  

Ii


 
  
 

Cutbacks Seen for SUNY 

by Bruce B. Detlefsen
AP Education Writer

State University Chancellor Ern-
est L. Boyer gave a substantial
push Tuesday to the idea that
many young persons should be
allowed to shorten by one year
off the time it takes to obtain a
baccalaureate degree,

Boyer told a legislative panel
that the conditions now exist for
a “fusion of the high school and
college years into ii more effective
interrelation."

 

alternatives for shortening from
eight years to seven years the time
required for a student to advance
from the 9th grade to completion
of undergraduate college studies.

One would be to have qualiﬁed
youngsters go to college after
their junior year of high school.
The other would be for colleges to
offer three-year baccalaureate pro-
grams.

“i don't think we can hold
rigidly to this eight-year cycle,“
Boyer said. “Most of the students
come to college knowing more in
the general education sense than

 



 

The chancellor proposed two

FIVE CENTS off campus

their fathers did.“

The chancellor commented dur-
ing an appearance before the Sen-
ate Finance Committee and As-
sembly Ways and Means Commit-
tee at the Capitol. The commit-
tees are holding a series of beer-
ings on the proposed state budget.

Boyer noted that the State Uni-
versity system is seeking an addi-
tional $45 million for university
operation. Of that amount, he
said, $35 million are “stand-still
costs"--that is, that are mandated
by various conditions but do not
provide for the educationof more
students.

He listed, for example, statutory

  
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
  

salary increases of about $10 mil-
lion.

Enrollment at the state-operated
campuses will go up by approxi-
mately 10,000 students in the
197l-1972 academic year at a cost
of $10 million, Boyer said. But he
added that; the SUNY system has
reached the point where some
cutbacks in service have to be
imposed. The chancellor specifi-
cally cited cutting student- faculty
ratios and library and mainten-
ance operations.

Moreover, Boyer told the law-
makers that programs for the eco-
nomically disadvantaged have had

a “sharp cutback that does not
permit us to maintain a program
of special education next year

comparable to what we‘ve had

this year."

The chancellor described
SUNY‘s growth in the I960‘s as “a
decade of expansion, almost an
explosion." By contrast, he said
the system will expreience “more
measured growth” in the l970'e.

He indicated, for example, that
in the area of construction “we
are reviewing every single campus
to determine what the' growth
should be, based on fiscal realities
and new educational alternatives."

Albany Student Press

Vol. Lthl No. is

State University of New Yorlr at Albany

Friday. March 5. l97l

 

Job Picture Looks
Glum for Graduates

Approximately 8|ti,tltltt college seniors are expected to graduate this
year~~an increase of about 32,000 over ltl7tl ()n the basis of a stIrVey
of l,()t)il firms, the College Placement (Touncil predicted in llll(l~dtlllll-
ary that college job recruiting visits would drop ll "’1 this year and job
offers would fall Bll’i.

lliring cutbacks have been particularly sevr-ri- in the aerospace.
airline and chemical industries, but job offerings are gI-nci'ally poor in
all fields. Majors in accounting, economics and marketing appear to
haVe the best chances of obtaining jobs. Starting salaries are not
expected to rise, and bidding on top prospects Will be qiiile limited.

Northwestern University conducted a survey of starting salaries for
the c of ltl7l and found that engineers, accountants, chemists and
pliysii'i all would probably start in $800 monthly wage bracket.
Liberal arts majors and business majors were amongst the lowest on
the scale. Predictions for those falling under these categories were
slightly under $700 as a starting monthly salary.

Recruiting for prospectiye employees is way below the usual, At one
poiiil 21H firms Were expected to visit the University of (Yoliirado.
That number has now fallen below Bill), lFiVl‘lt Harvard Business School
has been affected by the job squeeze, An it "t recruitment drop is
expected there this year.

Small liberal arts schools are feeling the “belt tightening" eVen more
than the larger schools. Schedules of recruiter visits for l“(‘l)t'llllt‘_v alld
March are down by -ltl’«"n at Amherst and off by tilt"; at DePauw
University.

Recruitment visi here at SUNYA haVe had a significant drop,
especially in the ai .is of govvrnmental and industrial agencies. Visits
by manufacturing companies are also down. 'l'hree exceptions to the
drop in recruitment are: insurance companies, accounting firms and
retail stores. lit the educational placement recruiting areas. the drop
has not been as sharp. Visits from secondary schools were slow in
getting started first semester, but they hare been catching up as of
late. The counsellors iii the Educational l’laceineiit ()fl'ice ll 'ed that
there were a lot of teaching positions available. but at the same time
there were a large iniinber of applicants. According to the l’laceineiit
Office competition iii the education field is fierce. There have been
cancelled recruitment visits, noted were si-Vcral from the junior college
level,

  

 

un-
ulth'ﬂ" w" u
WE.MM
Maw-“tilim
was

 

 

i .v.
I ‘ pm... , H" _“
. , '--—.- ,,. ,
n
s in.“
“a: i 1". ,r -
-\._, ’

Files tit Albany's job placement ofﬁce. Hundreds of soon-lobe
SUNYA graduates are looking forjohs. yet how many jolts are looking
for them? msotoiiion

 

 

('liaiicellor lloyer. in his address to the legislature, noted that future SUNY constniction is being

checked carefully.

It’s Official:

---de young

Albany is the Capital

by Bruce ll. l)ctlefscii

Associated Press Writer

the Assembly caught up with years of oversight and voted Wednesday to designate the City Of Albany

as the capital of New York State.
The de'

 

lieggia ('alabi'ia. Italy. and New York l‘tty

s Borough of The Bronx.

gnatioii was 'iiade after a series of altei'nntiye locations were proposer], including Miami, Fla,

The iiiaiii argument against foriiiali/.iiig Albany's status as the capital city was made by Democratic
Assemblyman Seymour l’osner of The Bronx who generally is here betWeen January and May.

“My experience of Albany has been that it always is winter." l’osner lamented. “Why should we stay

where it's always waiter?”

ltis colleagues weren't swayed, however. 'l‘licy appriiVed the legislation, Ill-l- it, and sent it to the Senate,
The liil‘ was sponsored by Republican Assemblyman (‘liarles D. Henderson of Home”, who had

discovered that there is no provision ill liiw officially designating the city as the state capital.

The only justification llender‘
son could find for New York
conducting its official business in
Albany was a legislative resolution
dated May It, “(78, naming the
(liipliol Building as the sent of the
government.

“'l‘hiit's not enough," Henderson
said. "Willi more and more of the
City of Albany containing state
buildings and facilities, and cer»
tainly with the creation of the
State Campus office~tiuilding com
plex and the Smith Matt under
construction, this is It logical piece
of legislation which has apparent-
ly just been overlooked."

Posner warned, lioWever, that
legislative endorsement iif Albany
as the cupitiil could be a bad

Continued on page 3

 

 

wrounbnrg

l

'5'“: «:25an ~ v

      
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
    
    
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
    
   
 
     
       
         
        
        
         
       
      
   
    
      
        
         
      
   
      
      
        
    
   
      
 
     
    
    

     
    
  
  

    

   
 

