  

wh¢~ _- - -ﬁ,"<_.-_f 4 NJ—e—rW, , ._._'....___

Political activity at Albany State has not been totally apparent this
fall. Nevertheless, politics are being discussed and formulated on a
broad spectrum of views.

The followint articles probe the various political organizations on
campus, their ideals, their plans, and their philosophy.

by Mike Ellis

Judging from a relatively quiet fall semester this year, it appears that
the momentum of the past spring‘s student movements has slowed
considerably. The left-wing organizations on campus are apparently
victim to the general conservative swing of the national mood and the
resultant apathy of many.

One victim of the present malaise is the Young Socialist Alliance. a
self-described “multi-national revolutionary socialist youth organiza-

tion dedicated to the construction of a socialist America and a social'

ist world." The YSA holds the view that change will come through a
working-class revolution for socialism in the advanced capitalist
countries.

The organization is basically action-oriented, seeking to put
Marxist-Leninist theory into practice. They see as the most probable
means for success mass actions in the street. YSA looks on the May~
June ‘68 French workers‘ demonstrations and the Postal and UAW
strikes as showing the crucial power workers’ groups have in affecting
a country.

State‘s YSA group plans speeches by members of the Palestinian lib-
eration movement, anti-war people, Women's Lib, Black groups, and
Chicano groups in the coming semester. During the holiday break the
YSA national convention is to be held in New York City on December
2731.

A group which holds views somewhat in the same vein is the Student
Mobilization Committee to End the War in Viet Nam. SMC is a broad
coalition of people around the central issue of Viet Nam. Their three
basic demands are an immediate withdrawal of all troops from Viet
Nam, the freeing of all political prisoners in he United States, and an
end to university complicity with the war.

Locally, they plan to have a speaker from the Kent SMC during the
spring semester, and will work with local and New York City high-
school groups to organize free-speech movements. They are also ex-
tending support to groups such as those at Fort Haywood, actiVe-duty
01's who marched in the October (list national demonstrations and
are experiencing some difficulties with brass. SMC's national anti-war
conference was held just this weekend in Chicago.

YSA and SMC (and 808) share the distinction of being denounced
by FBI director Hoover this September in his Open Letter to College
Students. Hoover stated that they sought to mislead the student
through many tactics: cutting him off from his home, convincing him
his college is a tool of the establishment, asking him to abandon his
common sense by accepting wild accusations, enveloping the student
in a mood of negativism, encouraging disrespect for the law and hate
for law enforcement officers, saying any action is right if it‘s idealistic
in motivation, convincing him he's powerless to change things by
democratic means, and encouraging him to hurl bricks and stones in-
stead of having logical arguments with those who disagree with him.

YSA disagreed with most of lloovcr's accusationsin “"0an Letter 10
U.S. students from the YSA, which documented various government
activities considered indicatch of a Nixon assault.

One of the more moderate but actch leftist organizations is the
Young People‘s Socialist League. They are a democratic socialist
group who seek change within the existing system. Their strategy in‘
cludes gaining influence in the Democratic Party and with the large
segment of reform-minded Americans that they see changing the
direction of the party toward a true progressive position.

YPSL followx the philosophy of Norman Thomas and sucks to mod-
cl the United States somewhat after thc social systems that exist in
Sweden, Germany, and England. although they see many flaws in each
country. in the past election, they endorsed the Goldberg-Patterson
Ottingcr ticket. Locally, their plans next semester include gctting a
lettuce boycott started in support of ChaVe'I.‘s farmers group and more
speakers in the spring. On December 26-27 the Socialist Party USA,
the parent group, is sponsoring a National Conference in New

York. YPSLsccks a fast withdrawal from Viet Nam than at present and
a voice for all groups concerned in settling thc Mid East and Viet Nam
conﬂicts.

Perhaps the least radical left wing group on campus is the New
Delnocmtic Coalition, a group of reform democrats seeking to change
the National Party into a more democratic institution, with less boss
control and more direct grass roots influence in selecting candidates.

They unofﬁcially aided the Movement fora New Congress in the re-
ccnt election, which cndorcscd Button, Lowenstcin,and others with
general anti-war domestic reform policies.

NDC was formed shortly after the ‘68 election by Kcnncdy-
McCurtby reformers after disillusionment with the way the democrats
came to ’arrlvc at Humphrey. Locally, they hope to have speakers such
as Ralph Nader and O'Dwycr work for the lcltucc boycott and per-
haps against Tobin Meat Packing, a local pollutcr.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by lean Corigliano

How does it feel to be a conservative on a liberal campus? Dan Dan-
can of The Young Republican Front and Bob Going of the Young
Conservatives don't mind. They know that west of Albany is another
ballgame and they think they're winning it. Conservative students are
often accused of being apathetic and complacent. This is an accustr
tion which especially annoys Albany‘s young conservatives. They re-
cently helped elect a US. Senator, their man is President of the
United States and on this campus they've probably eliminated the
mandatory student tax. If their other efforts succeed as well, they will
prevent S.A.funding of theFree School and Day Care Center and the
closing of the university for political reasons.

The Young Republican Frail! is a newly founded organization con
sisting mostly of ten to twenty ex-Buckley campaign workers. lt aligns
itself with the ideals and policies espoused by President Nixon and the
mainstream of the Republican Party. They find Albany‘s Young Re-
publicans too liberal and the Young Americans for Freedom too can
servative. Consequently, they founded their own group which, at this
point, seems more concerned with campus problems than national
politics.

The Young Conservatives are a YAF affiliate with approximately ten
to fifteen members on campus. Theyhold to the traditional American
viewpoint that democracy is the best political system yet devised and
that capitalism is the only economic system which is Compatible with
the ideals of a democratic society. They beleive that Communism is
the greatest threat to democracy and that “The US. should stress vic-
tory over, rather than coexistence with, this menace." Bob Going re—
peatedly stressed the need to “dismantle the bureaucracy" and take
power out of the hands of the federal government and place it with lo-
cal and state governments.

Both of the conservative leaders I spoke with opposed campus
policies which they felt violated the rights of individual students.
Their opposition to the Day Care center is based on the belief that the
financial responsibility for the care of children should rest with the
family and not the society (in this case the University). Implicityin
their arguments was the belief that a mother's place is with her chil-
dren. On the whole, conservatives are opposed to the Women’s Libera-
tion Movement. They feel as Bob Going does that “women are being
degraded by Women's Lib."

Conservatives believe that the Free School is political in nature and
therefore should not be funded by the Student Association. They also
object to student taxes being used to fund an activity which is open to
non-students without charge.

The YAF has recently hired lawyer to bring suit against schools
which close for political reasons. They feel that the university has a
commitment to keep classes open or refund tuition.

Conservatives may be in the minority at Albany State, but they see
themselves as part of a national majority. Unlike many of their con
tcmporarics, they view the future of the nation with optimism.
They're a part of the system and they think “the system works pretty
well."

 

FIVE GENTS OFF CAMPUS

Alban Student Press

Contents copyright 1970.

Vol. lVlll No. l

Will Tuition at
SUNY be Raised?

by Terry Wolf

Will tuition be raised at Albany State next ycar‘.’
This is the question being considered by Chancellor
Boycr and the Board of Trustees of the State
University system.

Although thcrc has been no official dccision, the
possibility sccms imminent. According to Neil
Brown, Dean of Sludcnl Life, there are already
many commitments to expand programs and con-
struction across the state. Money from tuition is put
into the State University Construction Fund. This
fund is (lcspcralcly short of money even though
expansion is continuing in order to meet increasing
demands and needs.

However, the additional money may not come
from the students as might be expected. While it is
hard to predict the full effect that an increase would
have, the Student Incentive and Regents Scholarship
programs may be able to supply some of the
necessary funds by increasing the maximum allot—
ment for tuition or by simply transferring funds
from the scholarship to the construction fund.
Tuition fees for non-residents and other university
costs will also be carefully considered before a
decision is reached.

Other influential factors are the rising costs of
construction and the study being conducted on the
open enrollment and full opportunity programs.
The university has an obligation and commitment to
keep pace with growing enrollments and expanding
programs. As Mr. Brown commented, "The univer-
sity can not stay where it is."

Fortunately, some relief is expected due to the
predicted decrease in college applicants. the growing
independent study programs, community service
projects, the study abroad programs, the availability
of apartments, and extended summer programs.

Robert Acquino, the bursar, indicated that a final
decision will be made soon by the State Legislature
when they vote on the budget for the fiscal year
1971-72. Any increase would be effective through-
out the cntirc State University system. in the
meantime, university committees are working to
keep costs as stable as possible.

lulu: 1""
.| -ul Phi

State University of New York at Albany"

new book lines.

The new semester has begun bringing with it all the fun of new classes, new teachers. new people, and

Friday. January 22. l97l

...potskowski

18 Year Olds Given Vote
Will Cast Ballots in ’72

by Roy Lewis

As a result of a recent Supreme
Court decision, the right of an ill
year old to vote has become a
partial rcality. In a 5-4 decision
handed down on December 21,
1971, the Court uphold a Congres-
sional Act lowering the voting age
to 18 in all federal elections. The
Court was highly divided with
four justices arguing for the 18
year old vote in all elections,
citing the fact that the 18-21 age
bracket is a discriminated class.
Four other justices claimed that
the discrimination issue was not
relevant and that furthermore
Congress had no such power to
lower the voting age, except by
Constitutional Amendment.
Justice Hugo Black cast thcdccid-

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

ing vote in favor of the in year
old vote, yet at the same time
restricted it to federal elections
only.

So far Ill-21 voter registration
has been slow. On January 20, the
Albany county Board of Elections
reported 105 such registrations.
Providing one claims Albany as
their legal residence, it is possible
to register any day at the Albany
County Court House. Students
living in dormitories are not
Albany residents, and those living
in apartments who wish to claim
Albany as their legal residence
must have their Albany address on
their driver’s license. Another in~
tcrcsting aspect of registration was
pointed out to this reporter by

..,.. "

Action has been taken by the
New York State Legislature to
lower the voting age in state and
local elections. A state-wide ref-
erendum to this effect will be on
the ballot this November. Both
Governor Rockefeller and State
Attorney General Louis
Lefknwitz support the 18 year old
vote.

Joe Galu of the Associated Press.
If a bonafidc resident will be 18
before November, 1972, which is
the next scheduled federal cle-
ction, they may register now. This
means that it is possible to have
persons as young as 16 registering
to vote.

...potakowski

.t

          

  

  
    
 

1“- A .- .c->.\ x4. . .

      

s.

  
 
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
  

rags.

l _

   
  
   
   
    
  

 
     
 
  
      
 
 
       
    
      
        
      
    
          
      
    
 

   

