 

Editorial

Comment

 

Fair Choice

There are times in this university when a situation is ripe
for change at the same time that change becomes possible.
Now that Indian Quadrangle is almost ﬁnished,why can't
one hall in the low rise group be set aside as a graduate

dormitory?

Graduate students have been shafted as far as living areas

are concerned since the construction of the new campus.

Gradually, all else has moved uptown or further down-
town to Draper, including graduate-level courses. Yet all of
the on-campus graduate housing remains downtown, in
Brubacher and Pierce halls. Grad students should be given
a choice of where to live. and now that Indian is nearly
ﬁnished such a choice can be possible.

At present, the university forces grad students into the
commuter role, which not all of them like or want.
Students who are new to the area are forced into the arms
of Albany's robber-baron landlords if they wish to live
within a reasonable distance from the campus. Many times
this proximity to the campus is a must because of the
library and research facilities. There are an ever-increasing
number of full-time graduate students. most of whose
courses are given on the new campus.

The university community is based on an interaction of
diverse personalities. How can this goal he achieved when a
portion of the cornrnnnily is always segregated from the

rest?

The means is at hand and the goal is Worth Working
toward. We urge all graduate students, or students who
will be rcturrting as graduates in the fall. to organt/e and
work fora graduate dortnitory on this catnpns.

The graduate students of this university have a right to
choose their living area,just as the undergraduates do.

 

 

albany student press

thomas g. clingan
editor-in-ehief

managing editor
. . . .aralynnabare
aduertiat‘ng manager
........jeffrodgers
auiatant advertising manager
. barb-n coopemmn
technical editor:
. . . .sue sellyon
.......danwilliams
auociate technical editor:
. . .tom rhodes
. . . warren wishart
circulation manager
. . . . . sue faulkncr
grafﬁti/classified
. . . . . .dorothy phillip
graphic-
.......jonguttman
bucinau manager

. . . . .chuck ribak

executiuc'cditor
- - . . carolhughes
news editor.

. . . .vicki zeldin
features editor

. . . john o‘grady,
assistant lectures editor

. debbie natansohr.

art: editor

linda waters”

associate arts editor
. . micbele palella
sports editor
. . . bob zaremba
columns editor
. . . .bob wnmer
city editor

.mlke ellis-

photography editor
jay rosenberg

The Albany Student Press was created in 1016 by an evil scientist. It is
klpt alive in a solution at blood in Room 326 of the Cttmpul Center at the
State University of Now Vork at Albany. To out in touch with this inept
bull Just call 467-2190 or 2194, and ask for Tom. We are led by a
mandatory Iluoont tax and "I a member of the Annotated Press.

Communications are limited to 300 wordl, and trratubleet to hiring eaten
by the oditor-ln-chlof.. lTho aforementioned bean, who determine: editorial

pollcy) .

peace

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 

SET YOUR CLOCK RADIO TO WSUA 640-

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

To the Editor:

The enclosed list gives the
names, room numbers and nation-
ality of patiean at the Ann Lee
Home needing a friendly visitor.

Can you take time to visit these
shutmins and coVerse with them in
their natch tongut-s‘? It would
certainly bring them the warmth
of friendly couvorsation in a lan-
guage which is theirs.

We suggest you call at the office
at Ann Ilcc to chcck the room
numbers.

All our thanks.

Sincerely yours,
Mrs. Donald II. Davenport
Chairman. Fricndly Visiting
Directions:
Use whichever is convenient-
--Northwny, Wolf Road, Albany-
-Shr.kcr Road. or Route I55 to
Albany Airport. Entrance to Ann
Lee is whcrc Albany-Shaker
Road and Route 155 merge. (in
through cntrancc straight to the
cod and then turn right around
the buildings until entrance of
main building is on your right.

The following is it list of foreign
language patients at the Attn Lcc
Ilomc and Hospital—Shaker Farm
Iluntl, Colonic.

Room ltlH, Ilcrln Zurtn from
Itiga, Latvia; Itoom 2h), I’rylysic-
way. Austrian or I’olishﬂtrximlt‘lll,
(Thiplock, Krovcsa 'I’ulish; Room
205, Anthony Farcngoin” from
Sicily; Room 2“), Andres I’cfcz-

French; Ilootn Ilti, Iiualcn

Dutch; Iloom 220, Frank Fnillc

Swiss German? Room 102,

came rm; Egg

t
I (AN'T Do T' I
GOTTA HAVt ONt llI

 

  

\Tt'RRY. D0 YoUR ambit t' [It
R./t 703! i WANT/t sraaieitr
Jacarr alt-HT AWAY!
_ A wnA‘rP/f

,1 alkalbllT‘

   
 

  

  

rienly id“ 1

  
 
  
  

  
  
  

 

'I WAS JUMP” IV A TIAMS‘III. A  A HIIMAN AND A SANI'I'A‘IIONMAN
.. A r I V,

 

Carmine Ragone—Italian; Room
I90, Rosa Testagruzza— from
Persaro, Italy.

We would like to know the
exact place they were born and
lived. Something about their fam-
ily Do they have relatives here in
America? Do friends or relatives
come to see them‘.’

Room numbers from hit) to 200
on the first floor occupied by
women. Room numbers over 200
on second floor usually occupier]
by men.

Open Letter

Dear Spec Fowler: mm H “hm—L
note to congratulate you on the
Suylcs I'Iull cupcr. Imagine disguis-
ing yourself as a maintenance pcr~
son so you could pull it off. 0h
Barncy, you‘re a rcul card. [just
sent my nomination off to Wash-
ington, and hopcl‘ully you'll rc-
ct-ivo the weekly Spiro Agnew
award for Grandstand Excellcncc.

I'm sure you're a shoo-ln bc»
cause of the way you ignore lbc
fact that the studcnts. whether
lhcy like it or not, will bowl to
pay for thc paint job. 'I‘hat's rcul
class, Burnt-y.

Here's another tip for you, Ill“.
It set-ms that filth is pervading us
cvcrywhcre. Even (.Iovernor
Itocky, who I thought we could
trust, has all sorts of filthy. naked
bodies on his wull. Renoir, Van
Hugh, and other super-liberal
types. Now Barncy, just between
you and mc, I know of a buck

I'M Ema/w mp
W/lll.l ULL Y/ll/
MIA rtwaost'

WIIKS AN!) IT'tL
ML 81 (MP,

   

I

 

   
   

 

 

 h mil mm mm MG” 3)] r
_,_.~A.“ .

Mt< iut ttlctli
writttltltW/tl \
‘in/ll‘l am, in 's ‘
Tarmt- m tin l
UP A Mauritian, t
altiltttftl/l Bilbo :
guﬁc'w/ \\

ll 1

ow'r ea EFL/Kr nos! 1' am
c-orra HAVE' ioMEy
J

   
 
 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1971

  
     

window that. Happy keeps open
all the time. And they’re not
going to be around this weekend.
so you might sneak in there. That
would be a real coup, baby.

You see, Barney, we have to
keep these lackey liberals anti
hippie students off balance all the
time. Because Fowler, '0] kid,
they are undermining the kind of
graft. and corruption that made
this country great.

Take the South Mall project.
What a gem. They spend about a
million dollars every thirty sec-
onds, and will probably finish it
around the turn of the century.

And what. about. that H million
dollar space lab that got three feet
off the grountl and then blew up
because some dope forgot to plug
in an extension cord.

And then of courst.I Vietnam.
which is a classic in government
wustc. I can't ovun count as high
as the amount of stuff wc'Vc lost
on the Black Market. And that
includes 110,000 human beings.

Like I said Burnt-y, We don‘t
want thc public thinking about
that lypc of waste, Iiccnusc Its
good for the country.

So kccp lbc people thinking
about that lousy thrill dollars. be
cause its those kids who are going
to ruin America if we don‘t stop
them.

Respectfully, Loving it. and
Nt-Vcr Lcnvtng It

Ilich “Patriot” Ittnt

 
 
  

ﬂotsam"
I

fl—c-f\
(Not Tots/tact ‘

24 HOURS A DAY

Vol. LVll No. 4

Majority of Rocky’s Budget
Appropriated forEducation

 

 

Governor Rockefeller, in his budget for fiscal year 1971-1972,
proposed no change in the Bundy formula under which the state
assists private colleges and universities. His recommended appropritr
tion for that program was $26.9 million.

For the State University system, excluding the community colleges,
he proposed a total appropriation of $516.7 million, an increase of
$10.2 million over 19704971.

Yet, hc indicated llml. SUNY would not be completely exempt from
the gcneral bell-tightening.“l am aware." the govurnor said, “ that
continued expansion of pttblic institutions of higher learning placcs a
heavy burden on ottr taxpayers. particularly thostI who receivr- no

dircct bcncl’lts.

Ilc addctl that hc was seeking “no major expansion in university

programs and proposed “moderate reductions in staffing ratios,

Moreover, the governor recommended that HUNY offer a three-year
baccalaureate tlcgrt-c, Ilc said only that this would reduce the time a
stntlcnl spends in college. But, the shortened B.A. requircmenl is
regarded by many educators as a way to bpr lbc institutions cut their

('nsLs.

The governor noted in his budget message that he had been urged to
make major increases to education this year, because of the heavy
burden on local school taxes and the worsening financial situation
facing private higher education.

I'Ic cited appeals for up to till .7 billion but maintained that the state
tax structure could not cope with them.

A summary of expenditure increases shows that the largest amount.
in the over-all budget was $352 million for education. In addition to
the $186 million for local school districts, there were hiker of:

--$64l million in aid for the City University of New York for which
the state matches dollar for dollar the amounts New York City grants
to the senior colleges in that system.

—$33 million for community colleges, with the bulk of that amount
to meet enrollment. growth and fund the Full Opportunity Program
aimed at guaranteeing all high school graduates a post-secondary

education.

Aiiilt) million for scholarships and scholar incentive grunts, part of
which is intended to offset the new, higher tuition schedule for 32
institutions in the State University system.

Students heading for New York will no longer have to ‘ ‘ ' i "
Student Association has been established as a ticket agent for hastern Greyhound llus L llth.

State University of New York at Albany

 

trek down to the Albany bus terminal. Now the

 Iolonion

Monday. February I. I97l

for education. alvonon

Council Approves

Direct Bus Line

by Jeffrey P. Ilemstein

SUNYA students will soon have round-trip bus
transportation direct from the uptoth campus to
the Port Authority in New York City. This arrange-
ment resulting from a 2l-0-5 Central Council vote
establishing the Student Associationus a ticket agent
for Eastern Greyhound Bus Lines.

'I‘enlutivcly the bus is scheduled to leave the
uptown campus 3:00 p.m. on Fridays. Il' lllt' bus
can be filled to near capacity it will travel directly
to New York viii I’arnmus. Otherwise a stop at the
terminal in downtown Albany will be made. If
ticket sales indicati- strong student demand addi'
ttonnl buses may bc instilutctl with vnrietl departure
times nntl destinations. The possibility of service to
points north tllltl wcsl was also discussed.

'I‘icltcts will be sold in the Campus t‘cnlcr with the
Student Association rccciving n ltI'ii. commission on
the sales. This profit will be allocated betWecn the
wages paitl to those hired to sell thc tickets and the
balance bciug placed into the Emergency Spending
Line of the (lcntrnl Council budget. It is hoped that
ultimately a student discount rule can be initiated
with part. of the ticket sales profit subsidizing some
portion ofth iiilthm round«trip fnrc.

lnt'ormatitm pertaining to exact departure times,
etc. should be forthcoming within the next week.

(lentrul Council continued to emphasize the ex
Ircmc urgency for tightening of security conditions.
Following condemnation two weeks ago of the
Housing Office calliltg for rcloclting ni‘ ull residences,
the council 'I'Iturstlay nigltl passed by u l7-I~fi vote
a resolution urging the Univ.. ity Security Force
“to take all appropriate steps necessary to decrease
the amount of crime (theft, illegal entry. vandalism.
cte.)" specifically on Alumni Quad. Alumni has
recently boon beset by Bil false fire alarms during
which time numerous robberies luwe occurred.

‘ V  .
Governor Rockefeller has proposed an expenditure of $352 million

15.1.232th ‘

“‘5. "f‘ZFA‘ Nun .‘lxrg

*5 .

 

 

