i
(1
l‘.
i
t.-

 

 

 

:«N

M’mu-— .-

Comment

Editorial

 

Mandatory or Voluntary

Later this week the undergraduate students of Albany
State will be asked to choose between a mandatory or
voluntary student tax. It’s a very difficult decision to
make, and the voter should take all factors into
account before making it.

Mandatory tax means just that: the tax must be paid
or else the University holds up registration, graduation,
and transcripts. For hardship cases and financial disabil-
ity there is a committee which can waive the tax; last
year they issued waivers in over 500 cases. On the other
hand, there are many people who might have deserved

a waiver but did not know that it was possible. H

Mandatory tax had caused SA. to become involved in a
big court case (because of which the President must
now approve all expenditures.) and has divided the
campus into two angry sides.

Voluntary'tax is just that: voluntary. Payment ofthe
fee is up to the student’s discretion. Thus no one has to
pay, and the University is not involved in the collection
role. This means that the President does not approve
the expenditures. It also means that. according to
estimates. Student Association will only be able to
support 60% of its current load (financially) since only

about 60% will pay the tax voluntarily (and this is only ' Choice (to join or not join airy
_. fraternal organization).

Z if you could lower yourself so
LJ far as to review your column in
a question, apologize to the TM)
2 fraternity membership and attend
.2, to your duties as sports t‘(lll()l'
C rather than unsuccessful salirist,
'U you might regain some ill the

an estimate). At times. voluntary tax will cause an
enormous differential in prices (such as concerts at
SLSO with tax. $6.00 without) in order to encourage
people to pay. Certain activities, such as the ’lflhlllv
Student Press: may have to go over to a selling basis. -

Voluntary tax does have other advantages. however.
Such a tax would force student government to become

r .
U_ the how Mr. Clingan could allow

m against an incorporated organiza-

_ taiii any provisions for slander by
F a combination (newspaper) in re-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Prejudice

CATIONS.

The sports editorship of a fairly
i—i large college newspaper is a pow-
erful journalistic privilege; one
D which you have deliberately
z abused in your column, “Zeke
Speaks," in the Friday, April 23
2 edition of the ASP. To presume to
O inform you of your journalistic
0 responsibilities would only
: prompt you to unleash your
' “mighty arsenal” of childish rant.
misinterpretation, misinforma-
tion, exaggeration, editorial pre-
0 judice, and invective slander;
"‘ nonetheless, to let your most re-
? cent editorial temper tantrum go
unanswered would be heresy.
D You are guilty of confusing the

N

Z ASP sports department with Rob-
ert Zaremba, and you are equally

D guilty of allowing your personal
2 prejudices to so distort your

vision as to render your column
virtually worthless as a piece of
editorial journalism. It is beyond

; you to issue such a libelous attack
lion, without legal advice. Free-

7 dom of the press does not criter-

4‘ striiint of the freedom of personal

2 editorial respect you have totally

less concerned with themselves and more concerned I 1”“-
with the taxpayers. The increased effort to fund 7.
activities which affect large numbers of siude' ts might C Richard Spires
be just what we needToo inaiiytaxpaycrs go around all ; "a not so mean greenie”
semester with unused tax cards. 4‘,

More activities or less total cost? Ample student U
funds with Presidential control. or austerity with total  R
freedom? The choice is yours. Don‘t let the decision be  
made for you: vote this week on the tax question. 

.—i

 

 

albany student press

the Albany Student Press is oiiniisnett lllluL' times per week iioiiuii iire
academic year iexept tiirrinii recessus) by tile ‘xlllllulll Associalioii oi ilre
Stale University of New York at Albany. tire |:iiitienl Association is iotaii'ii
Ill Cautious Canter J40 at 14th Wasniruiton Avenue. Albany, New Yorii,
1220J. Subscription price is in) per year or to our seruuslur. Scconii «lass
inallintj permit pending. Balislou Spa, New YUI1\

the ASP assumes no responsibility lor opinions expressed Ill iii columns or
communications, as such expressions do riot necessarily rotieci llm views oi

the snilor papal. . . . .
‘ ('t/llilf‘lll-(‘hlt‘j
thomas g. clingan
i'.\‘t‘('lllil'(' t'illlill‘
. . . . . . . . . . . . carol hughes
Ilt'li'.\‘ editor

"wringing i'dilor
. . . . . . . . . . . .amly llll abate
aili'criiring ltlmlugt’r

. . . . . . . . . . . ..jeff rodgers .............vicki zeldiii
business manager (niacin/e newt ctﬁlorr
. . . . . . . . . . . . ..philmark .........._....roylewis

technical editors ' ‘ ‘ ' ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ""‘""" “"3"”

. . . . . . . . . . . ..sueseligsor ~Hi'u'3nnumrrywn"

i . I I ' ~ . I ' ' I . dun Williams features editor .

. . . . . . . . . . .warren wishiirt A '  i  ' 'dEbb'? mmwh“
asuwialc features editor
adveriisi'nglayau/ . . . . . . . . . . . . john firirliall

. . . . . . . . . . . . . tom diodes arts cdilor

circulation manager . . . . . . . . . . . . .lindii writers

. . . . , . . . . , . . sue faulkne, associate urn edilor

graphics . . . . . . . . . . .miclidle patella

. . . . . . . , , , , , jon gunman sports editor

classiﬁed . . . . . . . . . . robert rarembn

. . . . . . . . . _ .dehble knemen mlunms editor

grafﬁti . . . . . . . . . r.j. wumer

. . . . . , . . . . . .gary sussman L'lll' editor

a]: staff ‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . rnike ellis

. . . , . , . . . . , . . . ken dune photography editor

. . . . . . . . . . . .jnek ssunders - . - - . - ~ - - A - rich alverson

The Albany Student Plus we: wrlttln in 1916 by the Class of 1918. It
tum place In Room 318 oi the Campus Cantor of Mormlonco University at
Albany. it Is "led by the Dewey Decimal system under 467-2190 and
457-2194. Movle rldru belong to A.P. (the "mom producer) and I"
exhibited by student lax. Send your critical raves. but they mun be under
300 words Ind are subject to being cut up. pass. I

 

\

ﬂ' To Mr. Spires:
f" in reply to your above li'tlcr, l
V, would i'irsl like to say thal it is
Zi-xiri-mely \vull taken. However i
'ﬁ can understand its shortcomings.
'/‘ owing lo llil’ emotional frame of
Airiiiiil iii \Vll|(‘ll 1 am sure ll \vas
: compost-ll
j— 'l'o Iii-gin \\'llll, l l‘i'i-l suini- sl.ili~

", inenis inusl lll‘ lll.|(li' :ilioiii liri-
'U naiuic of "an editorial" Ill gen

COMMUNICATIONS...COMMUNICATIONS...

porabed organization,” I’m sure
you will understand if I choose to
let Webster inform me of my
“journalistic responsibilities"
rather than yourself. “Opinion-
ated” is more or less indicative of
something, say, “subjective.”
“Subjective” implies "bias," bias”
I suppose can be linked with
“prejudice,” and before you know
it, you can run the string out and
come up with a fancy term like
“lnveetive slander." Although this
most: extreme term is synonom-
ously attached, in this particular
context, to the word, "opinion,"
it understandably evolves through
an emotionally charged progres-
sion in the minds of those who
feel they have been so “slander-
ed."

I also might remark that the
column Zeke Speaks written by
Sports Editor Robert Zaremba, is
the editorial comment of THE
ASP SPORTS. THE ASP SPORTS

' Communi-

    
 

cations

  

isjiisl a subtitle thought tip by the
Sports Editor of the ASP. who
righlfully editorializr-s in its name.

Yes, your above letter has
caused me to review my column. I
had hoped initially, that my cot
unin would cause you to ri-vrew
your original communicalion.
would ask you to review it in
Icons of your own abch sluic-
llll‘llls, and see if any of it fits
some of your notions of such
things as “childish rant." “exag-
geration,” anti yes. even “iiiVec-
livr' slander. "

Iii-tli'rs To The Editor is your
medium for expressing opinions.
Zi'Iri' Spell/ls is mine. Perhaps.

however. we are both guilty of

overrcut‘ting lo ii t'i'rlain I'Xlt‘lli.
Please allow me to formally wish
you and your entire fraternity
good luck on your finals. a happy
and hostility summer and best
prospects for a winning :\i\ll:\
football learn next fall
liobi'rl Ziii'i'inba
'l‘lll‘l .-\Sl’ .s'l’i ilt'l'h‘

 

i-ral it is. by definition. "an ant
l'll' in a publication expressing the
I._4 opinion of ll.\ editors or pub-
; lisliei's; opinionated; slanted." [\l-
... though you are, Mr, Spires, ii
2' graduate student of an “incor-

l‘lie Albany Student Press will
cease publication on Monday
May .l. There will be no ASI’ on
April .lO.

 

V

 

 

U

‘N’litc' Awiw
‘lt atrium.
I Pr‘cmisLo

MGM Trrrlr 1'

 

I what] "ltl

/’ 1 Nut amt-ms

\  f‘ei‘ i‘lLLSI is,
(ILL ) 1N Mn is-

‘i i“ i (run AN.)

1

Sudtignlj ,
“in. idtiiritfr?
are

 
  
 

.r Nil “5‘3 ,
_ “UNA Minor 
Aw: le-iripnsli, Ell
‘.__K (L
94 B

 

A? 8

‘70.!” 
E
' new»

M

  

 

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1971

 

COMMUNICATIONS

Student Tax

To The Editor:

It has come to our attention
that ii referendum vote is being
submitted to the student body
this Wednesday, April 28 concern»
ing student tax. In our opinion.
the University body is ill-prepared
to vote on this issue at the present
time because the legislative bodies
involved have failed to present the
various aspects of the two alterna-
tives at stake.

We appeal most strongly to tin-
studcnt body to support manda-
tory athletic tax. In the past. Wi-
could have recognized as quite
valid the feeling of many students
that the tax was unfair to them
because they were enabling others
to enjoy eoiicvris and other l'\'i'lll\
which they hardly l‘Vi'l‘ illll‘lllll‘tl
themselves. In the past, lioivmrr.
we have not hall a lightened slnli-
budget. if the student llilll\ \ll
ecls Llll‘ non-mandatory .ilii-iii.i
live for illllll'lli‘s. the funds iljllll'lr
printed lo athletics and to .lll
activities sponsored by ilii» l’lr\si
cal Education Di‘pill‘lilli‘lli \\‘Ill Irv
drastically reduced. .-\|l iilllii lll'
clubs may llll\'l' to go oiii ol
existence. and we are \III‘I‘ iln
minds of many sliideiiis \\|il il\'»t Ii
with i'cgri-l on illl' Football ('liili
'l‘lti- only ;i\i~niii- oi l'\('il|ll' lroiii
such :i i'aliiniiiy is .i jli'irinalll mi
imposed fees for llll' llM' til .ili
gym l'aciliiii-s and services l'iiu ;‘
seriously Iii-mg i'oiisiilwriril and
\\’Ill l|l\'tll\‘i‘ an llll'l'l‘ilM' iii Inn.
office rules for t‘oiii'i-ris :irril oilim
events held in the e) in

We are asking llii- llll'llllli'l'\ nl
this University to consider lli.ii ill
the long run, mandatory l:i\ \iill
provi- more valuable lllilll \IIlliIl
ai‘y lax, li'or lliosi- students .I
iiVi-ly involved Ill varsity. ||ll|.l
mural. and club sporis. llll' .iilxan
lagi- is Si‘lll‘l‘Vltlt'lli. 'l‘o lllll\l \lll
ili'nls who i‘ll|ll_\' ilii- roli- oi \lll'i l.i
lor, who [like price or lll'lllllt'lllt‘
lo an academic (‘UlllllllllllH w
i-xli-nsivi‘ly proiliii'tiii- ot' I'\ll.i
curricular ilt'llll'\‘i‘llli'|ll\. and in
those \\'llll siiiip|\ \\ am in .iiitiii

prolileiiis Ill using gym In.i :u
\\'l' jlli‘Jll i'i-nri-inliri |lli| not»?
ball, lacrosse. ll.‘l\l'll.lll ‘-|llllllll
ii-iiiiis. llill'li. .Illtl com l‘ll'llll‘.
liniiiis i'i'nii'inliui our ...i:n,

Iiiiilll.ill. .\i'lill.|. slo .Illll tin.

limbs and it'll /..i llli.‘liiix.‘"'
I.i.\’

iii-lintln Siaiiioii

(it'iri'gniiii il|l\l'

RILIT

 

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Miss s

 

 

 

 

Earth Day Liver}!

by Mark'l’lut'
'MAY l OFFER A CONSTRUC . An ASP Column
...._ . Tl" WORD OF cmnclsn"7~ Remember April last year? Everyone was so concerned about the
“M” , , . , , .1 condition of our environment that they did something about it. That

something was called Earth-Day. There were displays, balloons, guest
speakers, conferences, music, films, parades, etc..... One could go on
and on about the different activities of last year. But what about this
year? Why no balloons, folk groups, or displays? Where has Earth-Day
gone?

- Earth-Day has actually never left. Its purpose was to make people
' , .l I wake-up to the problems of the environment and in some ways it did.
BY), “‘3‘ : People are now aware that. the environment is going to pot (in more
(1  yyays than one). Some people are even trying to do something about
- ‘ l .

‘7' l i Protect Your Environment Club, other groups and many dedicated
individuals have made Earth-Day into Earth-Year. Every day is
Earth-Day. Every week is earth week. Slowly, awareness of the
problem has turned into "action" to solve the problems. These
dedicated people have taken action on a number of problems in a
number of different ways.

Major developments this year have been in topping Boise-Cascade,
lnc., ii land developer, from tearing up a large track of land near
Hudson, New York, Tobin's Meat Packing Co. has begun plans to
clean up their effluent because of public pressure to clean up Patroon
Creek. SLOP, an educational program at the Albany Public Library,
was started by Tri-‘Beta and PYE. Recycling projects have also been
started by individual students.

There are also many behind-the-seenes projects which have been
going on. Finding witnesses for hearings against Atlantic Cement was

Tiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
‘ _~  lNC P

 

 

 

on. Producing a television or radio show featuring guest speakers on
xenvironmentiil issues has been undertaken by two Albany Students.
Student oriented research is also being done to better understand
what is happening. One could go on for ll number of paragraphs on

 

 

what students of environmental problems are doing.

Perhaps the point has been made. There is ii lot happening on this
campus now! Not just for one day or one week but for the year. I
hope I speak for irll in saying that there are more important things to
be done than blowing up balloons.

This year is almost over, but there remirins much that can be done
this summer and enxt year. Do you want to know more on what‘s

Ill/z il()Ifl.I)» l.()l'l: I'I ()lt L'- -ll I ’l

and it is located in Fine Arts 218.

 

happening and what. you eiin do? PYE's phone number is 457-3913.

 

 

 

‘ m
PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE
IBM Seleclric ’I‘ypeiuriter
Experienced in all types of
Doctoral Dissertations FROM DUTCH QUAD FOR
l' .isi, Dopirriilnlilir Service . I
lionsoniiblo Rtiius “ t s t
Call 462-6283 Day or Evening  y  e

 

 

 

 

Sergei M. Eisenstein's
Alexander Nevsky

a l938 sound film with music by sergei prokolieu

Harbin“.
oupU’uILLVim

Wodnesdny. April 28 7:30 PM
CC Assembly Hall

 

 

 

free from the free school

 

 

 

(—0ui out and save this ad:—

Don’t
CallYour
Travel
Agent!

When you want the most
charters available tor
Summer 197i, Call
212-697<3054

As a student at this
college. YOU may be
eligible tor our low. low
cost tales Flights irom
New York to all major
European Cities

Weekly departures
Flights under the auspices
of World Student
Government Organization
Send coupon call, write

“Sifts? .................  Orders will be taken at the Bookstore for the rental of caps,

State Unrversit
Bookstore

ACADEMIC REGALIA
FOR GRADUATION

Bachelor’s candidates wear only a cap & gown.
Bachelor’s regalia is available for PURCHASE Now.

 

 

ll lrnvei blillnllﬂl

“Gmmm m gowns & hoods until April 22nd. The Bookstore Will NOT

i) Application ini lnirunulionsl
Student l [l
a... handle any orders after April 22nd.
iii...  Rented regalia will be distributed during the week of May 18th at

Charter 8: Group
Travel Specialists
60 East 42nd Street
New York 10017
Call (212) 697-3054

the Bowling Lanes. Regalia must be returned to the pick-up site
befoe 5 pm, Saturday, May 22nd.

    

 

4

3‘
.
X


,.
.-_ ’3‘ u A c . t

i
i
i
1'
£

 

 

