 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

' LAUD
HUMPHREYS

Continued from page I.

crowd into a forum for “dialogue.” After a heated
confrontation with the University's Chancellor,
some students suggested "trashing" campus build-
ings. According to newspaper reports, Humphreys
suggested that they instead “go into Edwardsvdle to
the courthouse." One newspaper indicates that this
tactic decreased the size of the crowd from “more
than a thousand students" to “approximately 100."
But some of those who showed up eventually began
urging other students to "trash" Main Street,
whereupon Humphreys suggested they march to the
local Draft Board to lodge their protest.

ALBANY STUDENT mess

Will Discuss
Farm Boycott

by Bill Berg

The Rev. James L. Drake of the California Migrant
Ministry, an Administrative Assistant to farm
worker lender Cesar Chavez, will speak tomorrow
night about the farm workers‘ boycotts.

Drake will discuss the strike of migrant and

 
 
 

m‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Committee. Seeks
Communications Ed.

by Martha Nathaiison

A Committee on Communica-
tions was formed a year ago last
December, composed of admini-
strators, faculty and students. The
purpose of this Committee's exist.-
encc is to try to organize a new
academic area in the field of
communications.

This area would include all as-
pccts of communication such as
radio, television, motion pictures,

and writingl particularly journal;
istic writing, and would encom-
pass courses from many existing
departments. Some of these are
the Rhetoric and Public Address
department and the Audio-Visual
department. Several new courses
would probably be added.

Many proposals have been sug-
gested by members of the Com«
mittee, however they have gone
no farther than the Committee
and the best term for the situation

 

  

Would be "hanging." Money, of
course, or the lack of it, is indeed
the major barrier to the formation
of a new academic discipline.

Dr. John Farley, Dean of the
School of Library Science and
head of the committee, has stated
that all the members of the com~
mittec are in agreement over the
fact that what students need rath-
er than a school ofjournalism is a
good education and skills in practi-
cal writing rather than the techni-
cal skills of newspaper layout—

i Photograph“ “nd pUbliShEd "males by on-Lhe' seasonal farm workers a ' u i
' ' guinst so-called Lettuce

in scene reporters note that “the demonstratlon ended Kin H Bud Anue and others. about the nationwide James L. Drake theory rather than application.

it u being a noisy one With lots of chanting, but was 5 '
vi ofhemise “can” ..'When some sludenm wanted to boycott of lettuce led by Cesar Chavez; about the . JUSt a SChOOI 0f journalism is
.1 bum the :mrdk files Humphrew is alleged to have efforts of President Nixon to break the strike and  m  o u therefore not looked upon With
 ripped a photomaph'of Richard Nixon from the boycott by orderingthe Department of Defense to He later worked in establishing a community mm. Dr. Farley mentioned a
3 mm and tom it up, distributing pieces to the my'up large quantitiiezrof unscald letéusefzund nbzut center in Goshen, Cal... :jsimlalllfarm-y‘vorker com- proposal by Dr, Bernard Johnpon
,ii students and urging them to go to their homes and f0: YLTfszﬁgtomzx a” lean: bi 2mg“ 0mm J“ E9 "patty, Igut realize: thisH 1 Min. 2 :0 0 agse the lot of the Political Science depart-
 neighbors and tell them what they thought of L y - 0 t 9, “rm .W°§' er; 0 9,“ ("me “ small mcni (u member of the Commit.
. workers organization in PorterVille, Cal. . . .

I tee) calling for a Journalism pro-

; [fa-fan ..

Nixon’s war. “The smashing of the picture was the
catharsis--the climax, after which things calmed
down," one reporter noted. Study of these reports
indicated that Humphreys' actions served to divert
students from violence and undoubtedly served to
prevent destruction of property both government
and private. In describing window-breaking and
fire-bombing at the Carbondalc campus of S. 1. U.
and at Northern Illinois University, one local news-
paper stated that "Southern Illinois University at
Edwardsville escaped major trouble Tuesday despite
a day punctuated with a partial student strike of
classes, verbal confrontations, and some advocation
of violence.“

It is for his alleged part in this non-violent activity
that the U. S. Government wishes to place Laud
Humphreys in prison. Due to its political vindictive-
ness, the trial will serve to stifle the free expression
of political dissent-and would do so no matter who
its victim was. But Laud Humphreys is no ordinary
victim.

For twenty years, first as an Episcopal priest. and
later as a sociologist, Luna I-Iumphreys has been
involved in non-violent protest and political action:
in Colorado and Oklahoma, integrating restaurants
and churches; later, as the movement grew, in
Kansas and Mississippi; still later, in peace demon-
strations in St. Louis. He has bccii oulspoken and
courageous in battling injustice.

Humphreys has also diircd to do sociological
research on a taboo topic: male homosexuality. llis
book,’f‘ciiroorii 'l'rurlc: Impersonal in Public Places,
received the C. Wright Mills Award of the Society
for the Study of Social Problems for its compassion-
ate uniilysis and its strong iinpliculinns for public
policy.

The federal agents who urn-sled Iluniphrcys spoke
knowledgeably of his research and his book, Sinco
Humphrcys' research qualifies him to testify for the
defense in trials involving the issue of honioscxv
uiility (especially police entrapment procedures), we
cannot ignore the possibilily that this trial is
designed to interfere willi his sociological and
scientific, as Well as his political. aclivitics.

7-5077. H .. v.   . ?
IF YOU NEED THE - HELP or A LAWYER, I  lunar:#1232122:"smart'21 
rcslriclions against abortions.
SPECIM- EVENTS BOARD :2":i:':.'::':::‘i:;::ﬁrst?F     “Many student Press
ii, -~ ‘5 - I:' I i. '1 . ' i ". t l' i; . n -
THE STUDENT ASSOCIATION HAS HIRED  -   .12: .2.-..::::'"un:.z:: . .
. . \Vilnc . to discuss possible legis '8 [oomng for 0"

ONE FOR YOUR USE.

HE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY,
EVERY DAY. HIS NEW NUMBER 15—-

 

Drake will also show a film entitled “Decision at
Delano,“ which deals with the controversial history
of the first three or four years of the farm workers'
union. While the film focuses on the successful
grape strike, it also sets the context of the grower-
worker differences-~and those don't change from
strike to strike.

The tiilk and film will be held at it p. m. Tuesday,
January 26, in Lecture Center 2.

The speaker is a native of Ohio but, early in life,
moved to rural Oklahoma where his father had a
church-and-school job among the very poor. At 11,
Drake moved with his family to 'I‘hermiil, California,
where Drake's father taught “remedier classes"
which, according to Drake, usually ended up being
segregated to keep the Mexican-Americans out of
white classes.

Drake, who obtained his Bachelor of Divinity in
1062 iit thtI Union 'l‘heological Seminary in New
York City. joined the staff of the California Migrant
Ministry in May of that your and spent the first six
weeks accompanying Cesar Chavez-the only Anglo
to do so-to the house-meetings which eventually
succcticd in forming the National Farm Workers
Association.

The WoodvilIe-Linnell Labor Camps owned by the
Tulare County Housing Authority were the scene of
a rent strike led by Drake during the spring and
summer of 1964. The rent strikers marched on
county offices in protest of rent hikes on the
temporary sheet--metal buildings constructed in
1938. These same workers held a small grape strike
early in 1965 which the growers easily smashed.

When the Delano, California. grape strike begun in
September, 1965, Drake offered both his car and
services to Chavez and was eventually to become the
farm-worker leader's ndministrativo assistant.

At tomorrow night's meeting, Drake, who ill the
request of Chavez heads the lettuce boycott efforts
of the farm workers in New York City, will be
seeking volunteers to strengthen the local area
lettuce boycott effort.

He will be open to all questions mid suggcslinns
from [he audience,

 

 

'l'lic man/Ls of the trial, from a front-[ch story in
the N010 York Post, January 10. I971:

SPRINGFIELD ILL, (GUN) - A former Southern
Illinois University professor of criminal justicc has
been sentenced to four moiilhs in jail iuid three
years probation for [caring up il picture of President
Nixon during illl anti-war demonstration last May.

Ilumplircys, ‘10, had pleaded guilty to the charge
last month. He suid llt' had torn up the |)l(‘l|ll't‘ at
the Edwardsvillc draft office to prevent violence by
several Iiiindrcd nnivvrsity students who hail march
ed on the draft boiiril.

Ilumplircys is now an ilSStHflillt' professor of
criminal justicc at the Stutt- University of Ncw York
in Albany. IIiI is free on $30,000 bond pcnding an
appeal of his case,

 

Applications For

apprentice
members

 

 

Happiness is a smile wrapped in sunshine.

...potskowski

 

  
  

from within

Security

Slalc Univr-rsily sci-urin police clinrgcd two persons wilIi
criminal charges during the winter rcc ‘s.

Ari‘cslcd on January 1.1, 1071, were Leon I’cliy. studcnl, age
21, and Wiillcr Williams, age 17 Bolh wore charged with Bird
(Ii-grcc burglary and resisting arrest.

. An cslimutcd $1,101) worth of various objects rcporlcdlv slob-n
lrom Sta tc Quad were recovered. .

~ Both Polly and Williams Wt'l'l' remanded to Albany (founlv jail
 nrruignmcnl pending a preliminary llt'tll‘lllu scheduled for January
...-|.

Campus Forum

’I‘hc iii-x1 (‘iimpus Forum will be held January ‘17 at 2::I0 in lhc
I’iilriion Room Loungc.

('oniniunily Programming ( omniission

'I‘hc (fiimnninily Programming Commission is now opt-ning its
ranks for new Incliibcrs. (‘I’C's iiiiiili task is to llllllllll‘, evaluate,
and proinnlc activilics that benefit the cnlirc sludcnl body. 'I'lii-
('oininission docs not dcul dircclly willi bringing i'olit‘crls on
campus, rcdci'in'nling the snack bar, running 'l'clcllion. clc , l)|ll
works with all lhcsc groups in helping lhcm sponsor the many
cvcnls on campus.

All those iiilcrcstcd in joining the (ioniiiiission :ii'c ciicnuragi-d lo
ullcnil an open niccling, tonight, January '31" in (‘t‘ilti7 at 7:00
pm. and for llll‘ following three Mondays, Applications for
mcinbcrship will be available at that time. Applications can also
be picked up at the Campus (‘ciilcr Information Desk starting
January 20 ll' lhcrc ari- any questions, plcnsc call ('huck iil

   

All those inicn-sli-(I Ill Ilrnfl ('ounscling and who will In- in
Albany Iii-x1 yi-iii' should allciid llii' niccliiig llil 'I‘iicsdiiy, Jiin, Zli
.it 1.00 in l' -I)riil'l (‘iiunscling ()i'l'ici'.

'l‘lii- iiin...n-r for Allniny Inl'urnuilion (l)li'.‘l'll)l'_\’ Assisiancc) has
bccn chiingi-d from 111i lo »1 I I.

There l.\ :i iicw uptown downtown bus schciliilc. ('opics ill‘l'
iIViIlliIllll‘ at the (‘1‘ Information Desk.

'I'hcrc :irc lwo sludi-nl opcnings on llll' I'iiivn'onmi-nlnl Decisions
(‘oiiiiiiissiiiir ('iiiiliicl I)iivc Ncufcld SA ()l'ficc 1fi7-[ifi l‘l.

World News

authorin of Congress.

National News

Senator Clifford Cnsc, New Jersey Republican, charged flint llic
(TIA. has spcnl scvcrul hundred million dollars over the past
lwcnly years for Radio I’rcc Europe and Radio Liberty, Case a
incinbcr of llil' Appropriations and Foreign Relations Commit
il'cs, said that he would lry to bring the expenditures under the

l’rcsidcnl Nixon is planning to pro» (‘ongrcss for his govvrnnicn-
lal ri-l‘orm plan which was outlined in his Stale of llll‘ Union
Aildr s. Ils plan is has ally two-fold: lo consolidate and
rcorgunizc ihc Exvculivv branch, and ill shnrc greater amounts of
federal moncy with lhc slutcs.

Senator Edmund Muskie, Dciiiiicriil of Maine, has crit' " ed the
Nixon Administration for its economic and l‘iiri-igii plilicics. Ili-
blasted Nixon for rcilucsting $10 billlion for [he ABM, and for
vcloiiig I'l‘liliiVl‘ly iiicxpcnsivc sociallyoriented programs at the
same time .

   

 

State News

According to it l'caturc story in The New York 'I‘imcs, Rabbi
Meir Rahanc was involvcd in thc iiith-Iiicnt to defend the
Vii-Ilium War The 'I‘inics said Ihzil Kahnni- liclicvcd lhnl the War
was iii the Iicsl lllit‘l‘l‘sl of Jcivs. Iii-cause lhc Jewish way of lift'

gram with 30 hours of new
courses added to liberal arts in the
areas of history, political science,
economics, sociology, English and
courses studying the mass media.

Other proposals call for a de-
partment of communications,
some just for a second field, pull-
ing logclher lhc courses from vari—
ous other departments.

Dr. William Rowley of the Eng.
Iiin dcpartmi-nl teaches a course
in cxposilory writing in which he
includcs the relationship of jour-
nalism to elements of popular
culture. “U is also thinking of the
possibility of a course in the
history of American Journalism,
within the department of Ameri-
can Studics. Dr. Rowlcy would
like to see the formation of work»
shops for writing, acting, films
and li-Icvision rallicr than simply
classes in such arciis,

 

 

 

could nol cxuei undcr il (‘ominunist gori-rnmi-nl.

Wi-ri' still not enough

 

(iiivcriior Rockefeller |)I'iIiSI‘ll Nixon's rcvmiucshnriiig proposal
as “historic and iinaginulivv." but hc said that the appropriations

Although [he budch is tight. H.
David Van Dykc of Community
Rchilions shares the View of the
other members of the commillec.
lhnl lhc first step would be to-
ward :i second field in communi-

 

 

Abortion Hearings

cations. The courses now exist
and students may take them as
electives; however, it may soon be
made into 1| ulegal" second field.

 

ALBANY. NY. Al’ Scn.
’I‘iirkcy I\'ombiirdi, who opposed
the Iii-w abortion law Iiisl year
when il was before ilic legislature,
says that his Senate Ilcullh (‘oni-
Illill.('l' will discuss changes 11] Hit-
law in meetings nch iiiniilli.

 
 

Iiilioii lo:

lii'tluci- illl‘ Icgul lliilc pcriiiil
for ubiirliuns.

liiliiil llic opcrnliiiii to
accrcdilcd hospitals or clinics,

Imposc it residency rciiuirc
iiiciil iiii pcrsiins sucking :ibor
lions

I’riilcci physicians and nurses

 

Advertising Department

Asst. Advertising Manager

l/ic

if interested. call
457-2190
Mon, Wed, or Fri.

 

 

who rcl'use 1o pnrlicipaic in :ibor
Iltlil iipcriilniiis.

 

 

Dr, Micheal B. Freedman

‘311111311IIIJIIIIEﬂIIEiIIIFC LIP TH IS COU PONiIIIE l

Bryn Mawr Bookshop 111

 

. \ssismn I

1 Arcadia Avenue
Albany, New York 1'1203

it Buy 2-Get '| Free

*************************

    
  
    
    
         
  
 

Donn o1 Academic Allaiirs Il.\i'tl and raw [It'll/if l1]

IIi'IIc/II lfrl’II .lfuu'r Scholurilu/I I-‘iunl

with ibis coupon

1438-8732

 oiiliar

 

III§IIII§1III§IIII§II

are available at the A0213 
CAI  BONANZA "' ’ . \
 S to discuss any  ,IOCENT SALE   S 
. .. G'
101” be here Information Desk and are (Anyway) “'"”""""”“"‘~"27‘“ in mm “0”th

YT SUBMARINE

101110-4230 [1]
10:30-51:00 "

SANDWICH
offer expires Feb. 15, 1971

GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

 

lo I
go q ue 81.1 on s wi-(iumiiiy, Friday a Saturday

MESSIANIC JEWS 'l'hlirsduy

tilii-i linc llilili' I lll'lillllll‘ i-nni‘inn

 
 

Tuesday from 7-9pm
in C0346

(in Sit/c

 
 

 

g:
g
E
E
It

  
  

 
 
 
  
 

due in CC 364 by Jan. 29th.

illl] llll'll tum cliln .iiiit liuliiiis
Wiiiit SCRIPTURES, [will (i EilM,
iii! 'leiloid,

you h [1 V0 'l‘housiiiuls of books we'vo just received

  
 

in the old‘ Firi- Iloiisc
just beyond Dunkin' Donuts

I’m-.poii liiwc.

   
       
 

 

oon til'wlll/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

