gale: 2

LAOS

Compiled from
Liberation News Service

The recent invasion into Laos by
United States-backed troops has
not only aroused protest once
again at Albany State, but has
caused demonstrations at numer-
ous campuses throughout the na-
tion. Although the student turn-
out this week, compared to last
May, is relatively small, leaders
hope to build a large, permanent
movement.

At Northwestern University in
Evanston, Illinois, a large crowd
of students attended a Guerrilla
Theater “War Crimes Trial" in
which President Nixon was in-
dicted for the slaughter of hun-
dreds of thousands of Southeast
Asian citizens. The theater group
found Nixon guilty as charged,
and he was burned in effigy.
Students at the University of llli-
nois burned an efﬁgy of Melvin
Laird, Secretary of Defense.

Otherhcanépjus actiop tppk place
at Kent tate, sc‘cﬁeirmqf“ last
spring's shootings. Hose to 500
people, after hearing two mem-
bers of the Seattle 8 speak, took
over the Student Union building
on Wednesday. Police arrested
three students, while the crowd
marched to the president’s office
demanding a policy statement.
They warned that if he did not
make some statement by Friday
there would be repercussions.

Arrests were also made in Wash-
ington DC, where 1000 persons
marched in protest in front of the
White House. After marching,
small hands of the protesters scat-
tered throughout the business dis-
trict, shattering windows. Five
were arrested, although no one
was injured. Other cities seeing
demonstrators were Chicago, Bos-
ton, Detroit, Cleveland, and New
York.

The Chicago action included
over 500 people who rallied out-
side the Federal Building tbcrc.
Thirty demonstrators, including
three ministers, a housewife and
small children, and a refugee from
Auschwitz, managed to infiltrate
the building before marshalls
forcibly threw them out. 'l‘V men,
for some unexplained reason, re-
fused to film the ejection of
people from the building.

In New York City, over 3000
anti-war marchers cheered as the
electric news sign in Times Square
flashed news of studcnl
demonstrations around the coini-
try. Studean picketcd the Times
Square military recruiting center
before marching off towards the
NBC studios in Rockefeller Cen-
ter. Delegates there demanded to
read the People's l’cacc Treaty on
the air but were refused. They
continued to protest the mishand-
ling of news about the Laos incur-
sion, and demanded that the
"news blackout" not be extended
to student demonstrations.

   
 
   
 

Wool/cling:

" ', ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971

 

  
 
 

  
 

---benjamin

Waste the Trash

Or Bring It Back?

by Michael Lippman

Some are finally recognizing the truth that Earth is a finite,
isolated system. The phrase “Spaceship Earth" brings visions of
a large but limited vehicle embarked on an endless journey with
a greedy passenger-parasite devouring all the food and materials
on sight, eventually leaving a barren husk. Man seems to be
doing little more than this to his planet. As one biologist has
remarked, the human role in the evolutionary process is to
“consume fossil fuels."

True, all creatures consume, and man seems to how taken the
role of supervisor, deciding which creatures shall live and how
much they use and contribute. But man has gone berserk in his
role, and in a short time has upset a fragile natural balance
which has taken millions of years to evolve. Man is madly
careening off course to the day when there isn't even anything
left for him to destroy.

This doom can be averted, by a greater understanding of the
ecological balance and a determined attempt at recycling waste
materials, either through the use of reusable products or a
conversion of these products to simpler substances.

The concept of recycling is not new, but it has also not been
very successful. The returnable bottle was driven out of
existence by consumer neglect and by high prices and competi-
tion. (Twenty non-rcturnnbles arc thtI same price of production
as one returnable.) Robert Hutu-l, Vice President of Anchor
Hocking Corp., condemns thc public's selfish desire for
“convenience packaging,"calling their time “so valuable that
they are unable to handle rcturnablcs of any kind."

A semi-conscious bias exists against using second hand
materials, no matter how purified; pcoplc appear shocked at
using products a slrungcr may hich dcfilcd. Collection and
production methods of recycled products arc incfl'icicnl and
cannot compete with the established producers of virgin
materials. Legal barriers aan a lack of markets combin lo
hamper the process. (New York Slatc laws prohibit thc usc of
used fibers in State pnpcrs.) Yet, in a small and growing sculc,
recycling projects conlinuc

Dr. Richard Brown (Physics) is now organizing a l’Yli'. projch
rm recycling paper on campus. If all llic papi-r can bc scparalcd
from the other trash (glass, food products, j)lll5llt‘hj it can be
collected and shiple to a local warclionsc for rcpriu‘cssing.

The problem is onc of organization .rnd coopvralioii ’l‘lu-
paper usc is conccnlrntcil In cci‘laio buildings (Social Hcicncv
and Humanities), whereas others (Iliology, l“lllt‘ Arts) llilVl'
waste of a (lil'l'crcnt sort, clussifii-(l "garluigc". l’npcr must in-
separated into a dil'l'cri-iit waslcbaskcl lllllll giirhagc. and this is
up to lliosc dircctly invochd, those who occupy llll' ofl'iccs
where the waste is produced tlu- faculty. If this slcp can
succeed, podium custodial crch will be able to bring separate

Even an 

' ‘P

   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

  
 
 
     

 

 

 

The Activist Media

by Laurie Steinberg

The publication Sweet Fire has emerged as an allcrnulivc
media in the Albany area, providing centralized informalion
uboul Movement activities. ’I‘hc pupcr is the organ of u
“mass-media collective" organized in Albany by curious
uclivisls who fell a need for an uncut source of political
information from u small-scale, unli-profil cullcclivc with a
dv-cniphasis on bureaucracy.

’l‘hc collcclivc began in September, and wants in sprcud
information through muss-media methods. Besides chct. Fire
and some radio spols on WRPI, it hopes for [)uhlicily on
Public Broadcast Network, an underground hum-radio opvru
lion. The paper lrics to cover world politics as lUt'll as local
nclluilics— cxposccs on nurcs, ucllons on landlords. and i'ccvnl
busls. Eventually they would like to hold festivals wilh frcc
conccrls and spcvkcm, and create a grcalcr svnsv of com
munity in [he Albany area.

A local organizulion, they fccl, can dcal willi llic prohlcms
of [he community while bellcr working on! lhcir own
inlcrnal problems (racism, sexism, etc); large groups, such as
[he defunct 803, have grown inlo clile cliques and arc no
longer useful in offering a workable comilcr-cullurc.

Since September lwo issues of Sweet Fire huvc llt'l'll
published. The publishing schcdulc dcpcnds upon lliv moon”!
of news circulating; a leaflet or radio spol may bc sufficient,
depending upon lhc importance and the uniounl oflhc nvws
at hand. For ils sources, lhe collcclivv coopvrulcs ivilh
Libcrulion News Scrvicc. I’aclfica Radio, and Radio li'rcc
Pcoplc, as well as various radical publications and organizv
lions throughout lhc counlry. I! is cxlcnsivcly involvcd unlh
nulionul confcrcnccs such as lhc I’coplc's I’cucv 'I'rvaly and
[he Wliilc I’anlhcr I’urly. N0 ccnlral or pvrniuncnl officcs
have yet bccn cslublishcd. bul plans urc bcing murlc for u
location in n slorcfronl in downtown Albany.

chct. Fire has bvcu rccognizcd by Sludcnl Associuluin, hul
approval of its budgcl has bccn dvlnycd, porlly, lhc col/ccln'c
slulcs, liccausc of inlimldulion by lhc l’nivcrsily
oudminislrulion. Sweet Fire sclls fur Iii ccnls an Issin'. hul l.\'
dislribulcd frcv in many pluccs.

Ilcaclion lo lhc paper from ol/icr parls of lllr' slalc and
country has (Jr'in culliusiuslic.‘ llic sluffhus rcccivcil calls and
h‘llvrs from hbcralion ncwspapvrs, vollcgcs, and high schools
I” v widcsprcad arcu.

.chcl l"irc is uh‘cndy dccp in dchl, bul ivunls lo ("II/llllllll' lo
Illl/lll who! i! svcs as u Ilvcd for an oullcl for lhc youth
cullurc of Albany and Upslalc Nciv York. I

  
 
    
   

   
    

   
 

   
 
   
   
  
 

  

   

  
   
  
    
   
  
  

  
  

 

 

papcr and garbage receptacles to thc loading (lock. ’l‘lu- prr-scnl
disposal situation now calls for two trucks, oni- for lliv
afternoon, one for the evening, to carry any garbagc. lnstcad.
llicy would lvavv simullancously but carry different malcrial to
ilil'fci'cnt locations,

'l'hcorclically, lhc job is simplc. ln opvralion, llic III‘UuI‘iI”l
nccds a good public rclalions program to sail lhc idca. (lo a ll‘lﬂl
basis in sclcclcd arcas. it full wr-ll, but has sincc slackcni-d and
nccds I'I'Vllillllllig. If such a projch can succvcd on llic podium.
Ihc ncxl slcp is to try it in llll' dorms. Ilowvvvr, llii- ('(Hljll'l‘illlllll
of Milli) students, not just ltltl janitor-s, is I‘t‘ljllll‘t‘tl Auil
sludcnls, liki- ('Vl‘l'ytilll' vlsc, l'ind lhi-ir niinutvs and svconds loo
vuloulilc. 'l'lu- separation of candy wrappers from ('okc canx
may prch loo formidaqu

 

 

come one! come all!

Colonial Quad Board
VALENTINE'S PARTY

Tontglrtl lO-2

Admission-75twithout Quad tax
free with Quad tax
All the BASH you can drink!
Food! Dancing!
Music by Otto Road!

Colonial Quad Flag Room-
Tonight

 

 

The Deadline for
Applications for Waivers of
The Student Activity Assessment

ls Wednesday, Feb, 24, 1971.

Applications are available

in CC 346.

 Iiiiiiiiiiiilirﬂ’ﬁ
7ﬁfTheAS pie
is: Soliciting

{3' Columns

mesons

You have the right to
-, have your views heardl
ﬁThe ASP is your medium
$710 do so. {Y
BRING COLUMNS T075?
ﬁccszs, on SEE THE
ﬁcowMNs EDITOR.

successors

 

 

(FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971

      

ALBANY STUDEN'l‘x mass

  

 

 

to take pictures as he spoke.

has been held on the war.

 

“Moral Stand"

You do."

 

 

   

 

  

 

“mass action.

   
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
 
 
  
   
    
    
    
    
 
    
    
     
   
  
   
  

   
   
   
  

   

 
 
   
  

Will RAs like Ken Kurzwcl be “phased out

Laos Protests

continued from page I
Students Confront Duryea

By 3:00 students decided to confront Duryea at his ofﬁce. The
crowd proceeded up the stairway shouting a variety of slogans. Four
Capitol guards blocked Duryea’s door. The crowd continued chanting.

Shortly afterwards it was announced that Duryea would speak to
the crowd under two conditions: that they would allow him to speak
without interruption and that they would allow news photographers

Duryea claimed that the Indochina War was a federal matter and
unrelated to his role as Speaker of the Assembly.
The students queried him as to why the state legislature had not

condemned the war, and why a bill stating that no New York soldier
would be allowed to fight in the war (Stein Bill) was kept “bottled
up" in committee by Durycn, and why no referendum in New York

Duryca replied that it was not the legislature's role to condemn the
war, the Stein Bill was defeated by a majority of the committee, and
that he does not believe in “government by referendum."

Ile went on to claim that the legislature represents the will of the
people of the state and that the polls he had seen did not indicate
massive voter disapproval of Nixon's policies.

The students then pressured him to take a “moral stand," several
students accusing him of being interested only in re-clection in 1972.
Duryca strongly denied this, stating at one point that “l don‘t feel
there's a need for us to be involved in Southeast Asia any more than

Further discussion took place, mostly centered on the cost of the
war to New York State (economically) iind imperialism. Several
students shouted “This is bullshit" and Durvea reacted by stating “if
this is the tenor of the meeting, then i won’t serve much purpose byr
being here." He went back into his office as the students booed.

Students Pledge to Rctuni

At Ilzilll the demonstrators left the Capitol and headed down Slate
Sin-ct Inward tlic Federal Building, blocking traffic. They were
rcpcalcdly warned by the police that they were parading without a
permit, subject to arrest, and wore to mch to the sidewalks. 'l‘lic
sludi-nls, chanting a variety of slogans, ignored them. There were no
urrcsts, as lhc policc concvntratcd thcir efforts on diverting traffic.

’l‘lic sludcnls, whose numbers had dwin llcrl to about |t)(), movvd lo
a small park by tlic l“cdcral Building a rd pledged to return Friday
Wllll mori- sludcnls from SUN YA and neighboring high schools, for :1

Thu group wciit back up State Strict, past the legislature, and down
Wcstvrn Avcnuc chanting and blocking traffic. Occasionally thcy
challcd Willl motorists and bus drivers. chvral incidents were avcrlcd

with poliitc, but on numerous occasions sharp words wci'c cxchangcii.
'l‘lic march broke up at Alumni Quad.

 

m,

Capitol Building.

by Bob Baldassano
The basic premise involved in [he
lcncl of 'residencc communily' is
an allempl to break down some
of the barriers created in a large
universin selling by eslublisliing
smaller inter-personal groups in
lhe context of suilv living. It is
hoped that sludcnls will find il
easier in develop meaningful rcla~
lions/iips...’l‘his would be ucconi-
plishcd through the development
of a more rculislic living environ-
nicnl in which students, lhrough
lhc assumption of various r'cspmi~
sibililics rclalcd lo the cfficicnl
mainlcnuncc and functioning of

by Kenneth l)canc

A proposal for a march on tho
Federal Building in downlown Al
buoy was adoplcd last cvmiingnl a
gciicral sliidi-nl iiiccling. 'l‘liv
march is to ho ll ilciiionslralion of
prolcsl againsl llic rcci-iil Houlli
Vii-lnamcsc invasion of Laos. 'l‘hc
march will be prcci-i-dcd by a rally
at the Campus (ll‘llli‘l' lo Iii-gin at
10 o'clock.

Last night's lvnglliy incl-ling was
charactcrizcd by a lack of (lcfniilc
purpose and lcndcrship, which
tendi-d to drch many Initially
enthusiastic stndcnls from tin-
mci-linL'

Although llivrc appcari-d Io lic
gcncrnl agrci-mcnl on tlic nccd for
an ct'l'ii ivnl and colir-sivv organiza-
tion which wuulil cnablc l'ulori-
rcsponsvs to tho govt-I'nmciil's ac»
tion in Soulhcasl Asia to bc morc
mcaningl‘ul, no final dccision on
the mechanics was rcacln-d.

 

Nina Simone, Jlm Buckley, and
Andy Warhol are in Dynamite
Chicken.

 

~rosvnbcrg

 

 

 

    
   
 
 

Come Together

in
lllllhllll
(student flight)

riy PAN AM

cull Sue
at 7-7521

  
    
  
     
  

 

 

 

TElETHON ’71

People to work
on Solicitations

Cull Chuck 7—5077

 

 

 

   

  
 
  
   
 

their hall, will find increased op-
portunity lo interact for both
social Contact and intellectual
stimulation.

This proposal, submitted by
dorm directors Robert Brody and
Mike Freidmun, suggests a new
program of increased student con-
trol in residence areas in an at‘
tempt to make dorm life serve the
needs and interests of the stu-
dents. Specifically, this experi-
mental program will be instituted
in the E and F halls of lndian
Quad.

The responsibilitcs that studean
would assume include member-

Federal Building Site of
Next Laos Protest Action

'I'lu'rc was an apparcnt division
of opinion as to tho tiiclics to bc
cinploycil in llic prolvsl. ()iii-
largc scguicnl I'avoi'cil ilccisivc
Inllilnnl action. Al onc point
during lhc mi-cling a proposal for
it (lisruplch action at the Sclcctivc
Si-rvu-v ()fficc was volcd on and
slinily paw-(l. Rut di-I'inilc action
Was li-iilalivoly postponcil.

A sccond group of slndi-nts
prcscnl optcd for Ilic mori- lrndi-
tional and acci-ptcil mcans of pro-
lcst, that of dcinonslriilions and
pi-liliiniing. An emphasis was also
placcil upon .icliicving community
crmpi-ration.

[\Illllllt'l‘ iiiolioii was voted upon
llial ciillcil for dcmonstrnlions
i-vcry Friday. As far as Is known
this motion cui'ricd, lichVcr the
type of action and the largcls
Were not clcnrly (ll-fined.

This Fri. , Sat. ,

The RICE PADDY

ALL NEW! ALL DIFERENT!

"A New Place to Go on
FULLER ROAD" #43
*I'llli‘Slt‘N’l‘ING *

     
 

Protesting students, complete with police escort, march up Washington Avenue on their way to the

---riley

Proposal to “Phase Out” RA’s
Increased Resident Control

ship on committees related to
mairlt'ena‘h'c‘e‘, constiuction, secur-
ity, supplies, etc. To become a
meaningful part of the commun-
ity, students can set up informa-
tion bureaus on such diverse
topics as Narcotics Rehabilitation
Program, Refer Switchboard,
Hope House, EOP, Albany Histor-
ical Society, etc.

The role of the R.A. under this
program will be changed signifi~
cuntly. There will be a ratio of
student—-R.A. of 50:1. The R.A.
aids the mechanics of the new
program by serving as a model,
but as students assume more of
the responsibility for their resi-
dence areas, the R.A. will “fade
out" of the picture. He will re-
main to lock up and to counsel
students to some extent, but he
will not be the sole counselor.

Selection for the over 200 resi-
dence vacancies will be excluding
freshmen since it is felt that they
hich enough adjustment problems
to overcome. Sophomores and
juniors will have first preference.
There will be six floors in two
buildings which will become co-
ed, so the program will not have
cithcr a fraternal orusorority air.

Information that will further ex»
plain thc plan for next year will be
provided throughout the spring.

BlllE NOTE
RECORD SHOP

specializing in

’Uodci'ground

“I lcavy

‘ l'olk

‘Blucs

'45 rpm Golden Oldies
llil) (:t‘l)l|.ll [\voiioi-
«\llmov, Now York

462-0221

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
 
  
   
  
 
   

   
   
 
 
  
  
 

From 9:30

  Until?

 

“Whitney Sunday”

 

  
 
  
   

Serving All Legal Beverages
And Tasty Snacks!

s a COMING leX'I' lt’lillKliNl):

‘SNAKE’

a; 

z. exims- 2.5"... A. ..

 

  
    
     
   
  
   
        
 

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

 
  
   
  

 
 
 
   
      
    
  
   
   
 

 

 
   

.t.........\ .i, .-.t r. -. *

. wed-museum“. .2;

