 

i:

, “memuc—

PAGE 8

ALBANY ABRBSS THE OCEAN

by Claudia McDonnell
An ASP Future

Those who think the SUNYA campus is limited to uptown and

downtown are sadly mistaken. There’s another brancligEurope—and
it's more easily accessible than most people realize.

Foreign study can be one of the most challenging and rewarding

parts of the total college experience, yet many students ignore or
dismiss the possibility of participating in such a program. They seem
to feel that this is a bonus reserved for a privileged few. Actually,
nothing could be firrtlicrfronr the truth.

Cost, most frequently cited as air obstacle, is thought by many to be
prohibitive. It isn’t. A year of stirdy in a foreign country costsrrbout
the sanrc as it does in Albany, maybe less due to the lower cost ol
living abroad. Transportation, the only other major expense. is quite
reasonable at group rates. The cost of the summer program is $725.
plus a minimum of $100 for personal expenses. All scholarships and
loans applicable at SUNYA may be used in foreign programs.

Enrollment is open to all students including prc-fi‘eshnren (high
school graduates planning to enter college in the fall). Students at
other schools besides SUNY are also welcome. The countries iir which

 

William Derrick, Assistant Dean in charge of
International Studies. tam“,

one may study include France, (ierinany, Italy. Portugal. l’uerto Rico.
arid Spain. A student may choose to go for the seven or eight week
summer program, although many prefer to stay for the eritrre
academic year. The application process for botli is sirirplc and the
requirements are flexible. No minimum grade point average is
demanded, good academic standing and enthusiasm are the only
essentials.

A common misconception is that these prograriis are designed only
Students in all major fields are
levarrt to many fields because
as well as another

for language majors. This is not true.
encouraged to apply. Foreign study is re
it seeks to familiarize sttiderits with another culture
language. Study in Spain or Portugal, for example, may prepare an
economics major for a career in Latin American affairs. And there is
no need to explain the advantages of stridy in Rome to an art history
major. Furthermore, language courses are not the orin ones available.
The year-abroad programs offer others' archaeology lll Rome. and
science and rrratlr in (iernrany. for example. ll should be noted that
orie's level of competency in a language is not L‘\llL'lllL‘l) important.
placement tests are given and students are assigned accordingly.

The usual number of credits earned is tr to It lot the summer and
It) to 33 for the year prograrri. All \‘lL‘tlll is, of course. tlllcxll)
transferable to SUNYA.

These technical points
tion to study abroad. 'l'lu- real issue is, wlr
and go to school in another country"I Judging hour the reports ol
students who have had this experience, rt Iccls great. it's the ltt'sl \iay.
they maintain, to acquire skill III a language and shed your
cthrtocetrtrrcity at the same time. Among the points they stresx are

these:

are tr':tll_\’ the smallest part ol the llllltlilllt
all does it led like to lr\e

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS?

SUNY students waiting for hotel assignment in Rotterdam.

A little r'rrI/iuxirrsni goes a long way, Imt a lot is better. When abroad,
lake the llllllrtlll‘t‘. Put ,yourself oil! to nrri/rr' j'rir'nrlr among irritch
inhabitants alul ollu'r _/iircigu slur/cuts. You 'I/ Ilinrl people friendly and
eager to lie/p you.

ll’lu-u you 'r'r‘ abroad, he Ullt’ll to new l'.\‘/)(‘I'l('llt'('.\'. Food, rut/ours
and ar'r‘onmurrlatioux rr'i/l Ire t/l]]t‘l‘t‘lll,'ll'rtll won't like everything. If!!!
rfyou'rr' flexible you'l/ llltt/(t' Illt' transition wi/lr cure, and soon jl't’l
very Illllt'll "at ltttltlt'. "

I/tlt't' patience trial a .rcuxc of liruuor. You won 't _/lllt/ all thy
conveniences of home, Iru/ Ilicn, llll.\' isn't a p/i'axurr' jun/wt. lt'.\' a
learning t'.\'/7(‘I‘lt'llt't'. Relax and eti/oy il.

Above all, he 'l'rtltl‘xt'ljl Use tact and ('itlllltlrttl sense. As you llrtttr/lt'
the problems ofarl/‘ustt'ng, you '/I learn jlt’Xl-lltltlt/ liow r-ulrure affects
people, and wlral you can do to diminish rIijfvre/rcex. Along with the
language you'll gain new [It’l‘x/lt’i'lll‘t'k‘ on society and history, and the
relations/rips lu'trrtcr'u them. As your scope gr'ti' brain/er, your world
gt‘uli'i' smaller. It's lllt' ﬁrst step toward significant change in til/parts
oj'i'or'r'otr', and you can he a t'rtltll’lhtllol’.

The students are unamrnorrs rn warning about one difficult adjust-
ment: coming home to SUNYA. Those who feel equal to the
challenge are urged to Visit the Office of lnterrratiorral Studies, Social
Science l l l, for more information.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1971

 

 

 

 

 

 

Telethon ’71

presents

The Free School

Albany Student Press
will not publish on
WEDNESDAY
March 3, 1971

 

Th“ 1PM Friday-7 PM Saturday

February 26—February 27
7+; ::::.':;::.::::**

Moved to CC Ballroom

All are Welcome to Camel

 

 

 

 

THE PLAINSMAN
An American Epic Starting GARY (l()()l’l:. R
March 1 CC Aeeombly Hall 7:30

FREE

llrc second in the Sentimental Film Festival Series

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany

Vol. LVlll No. IS

 

State University of New Yorli at Albany

The and is "Ill you in nun rur murln uulo.

N YS Taxpayers ‘Revolting’
Against Rockefeller Budget

by Henry J. Stanton
Associated Press Writer

It is not exactly a rebellion, at
least irot yet. but from across New
York State there are reports of
growing citizen artger at the pros-
pect of the largest tax increase in
state government history.

NeWspapers and other communi-
cations rnedia report they are be-
ing deluged with "taxpayer re-
volt" mail, formerly apolitical
groups and individuals are signing
petitions rriid attending hearings
and state legislators say they are
having trorrblc on the liorrrc front.
ranging from angry protests to

obscene phone calls.
Reaction to Rocky's Budget

The focal point of riiost of this
involvement by members of the
riorrirally "silent majority" is Gov.
rtockefeller's recently proposed
$8.45 billion state spending brid~
get. The governor promised to
balance the budget by.

Raising the sales tax

Increasing the state irrcorire tax

Raising state licensing arid
registration fees

Arid upping a rrrirrihcr of other
l.r\t'\. including liquor and crgai~
cttc levies. lor .r grand total of
\l l billion .llllllltlll)

So lai he has created an uproal
Budget Hearings Often Rowdy

l’rrbltr lrcaruigs till the budget
and tax proposals, held in \airorrs
\Illt'\, were irouderl and some-
tunes rowdy

Several groups ot r.i\pa_\'cissrrh-
ruilterl petitions against the tri-
creases. wrtlr signatures ranging up
to It),l)l)tl in number from rust
one area.

Conventional and
Unconventional Protests

At the Albany hearing, Ralph
Spring o Altamont gathered a
large crowd ofsupporters when be
dressed in an old tuxedo and stove
pipe and as Abraham Lincoln

begged for emancipation from
the slavery of high taxes.

But, not all of the protests have
been that amusing. 'l‘my Assent.
blymiin Neil W. Kelleher, it Re-
publican, said his telephone rung
incessantly for about it week after
the budget was announced rind
that some of the callers used
language so obscene that he had
his wife leave the receiver off the
hook.

Protest has also come along
more conventional lines, but in un-
conventional volume. One upstate
ireWspriper says that about 75 per
cent of the letters-to-the editor it
has receiver] since the budget an-
nouncement, deal with the bud-
get, of those, 98 per cent hirve
been in opposition.

Local Governments Respond

Several local government bodies,
Including the Republican-
coriiroll a l)utcliess ('ormty
lloard of Representatives arid the
committee oi Hudson Valley
('ounty Supervisors have asked
the governor and the legislature to
reconsider and cut the budget

Al the llul'lrilo hearings. sortie
aneg participants proposed dis-
coriragrng increases in already
skyrocketing \veltrrrc costs by dc-
pirvurg welfare recipients ot the
light to vote.

Rebellion Not Too Organized

lo date there appears to be little
organization aimed at ii real rebel-

lion orr the part of taxpayers.
'l‘liough iridivrdrral cries of

 

Student Press

 

mgoadman

"Strike" and appeals to others to
delay filing I970 income tax re-
turns keep crupping tip in letters
to editors.

There is some organized resist-
ance among the letter-toyour-
legislator writers though. Many
legislators say the are getting
“machine letters" the same text
signed by many different people.

If the taxpayer's revolt is really
a grass roots movement. will it
ltavc an impact on state govern-
ment'?

Schenectady (‘ounty Republican
Assemblyman ('lark Wernple
surnriied up the situation this way
recently: "it would be nice," he
said, “to have a legislative revolt
aird not .put a taxpayer's revolt."

 

Monday. March I . l97l

Residents Holding
Rent Payment

by Vicki Gottlich

'l‘br-rv is a strike in pi‘rigt‘t‘ss on this campus, though not many
people know about it. .\ i'i-rit strike, for better living conditions.
Many of the I't'sl(l('lllS of lndiaii Quad don't want to pay the same
morn and board prices as pooplr- living on thr- otbei' quads because
they l'r-r-l that they havr- liiilf llll‘ facilities.

lndian Quail i'i'shlt'nls are wrtlrbolding their roomand hoard
priyirir-irls \\'lllll‘ lllt‘)' wait for the New York State Dormitory
Authority to givr‘ sriiiir- i'r-spoiisr- to thr-ir rr-Iil i'r-(lttctirm proposal
submitted in ()t'lttllt‘l' About ill"? (if the ‘JIG tettitnls have
withhold payiiu-ril; .ltl’r liayr- paid their bills; and 30’}? are
rioit-t'trriiiiiittnl tilltl refuse to say Wlit‘llll'l‘ they llt't‘ supporting the
strike. 'l‘lu-rr pan-tits, llt)\\'t'\'i'l‘. paid the bills for them, otit
of ignoranco of llll‘ str'ilti- UI' rii (lsilﬂl‘l‘t'llll‘lll with the cause.

The Dormitory Authority, ltlt‘uliwlllll', would not. accept. the
proposal, so the strikers Iravr' lrnrl to go through University
channels. The rent rr-rltrr-tion proposal includes complaints about
the lack of (lining room, parking facilities, permanent doors, and
the sporadic heat aiirl hot water.

The “movement” had its origins during the first week of
school lust semester, when one resident took it. upon himself to
circulate a petition for lowor rents. 'l‘liis petition fell through,
Quad president Barry Baslikoff then decided it was time for
organized action and look rr petition for lower rents to Charles
lt‘isht-r, Director of Residence. The strike was called for before
intercession whr'ir lrirlian Quad residents rlecidcd they had been
waiting too long for official response to their demands.

In the meantime, the proposal for lower rents was sent to
LAAC and Central Council where it was passed and recommended
to Fisher. He, in turn, passed it and sent it to the Committee of
Strident Residence, a subcommittee of Student Affairs Council,
and chaired by Louis Lieberman.

The Committee of Student Residence not only passed the
proposal, but made it retroactivo rind decided upon a rent
reduction of 20%. The bill is now being sent to SUNY Central, the
center for the university system, where it will be represented by
Neil Brown and Charles Fisher.

To show that. they are acting out of good faith, the strikers
have opt-nod it bnnk account in Stuyvesant Plaza where they are
depositing their room and board payments. So far, the brink
account has more than $17,000 to be handed over to the
Dormitory Authority as soon as a rebate policy hits been
established. The university lawyers are handling the account and
have the names of all those who have contributed.

The main objective now is to see if the unchrsity will let the
strikers register for next semester if they have not. paid their bills
directly to the Dormitory Authority. At. present, the money is
silt.ng in the special bank account in Sttryvrrsrrnt Plaza, and not in
the account of the Dormitory Authority, and Indian Quad still is
not finished.

 

This was the general view in Chancellor’s Hall in Albany during the second day at hearings on Governor

Roe keiellor's proposed budget.

[Al’ Wirephoto]

 

 

