 
   
   

 
    
  

 

Editorial

March!

Comment

Once again the people of America have been
called upon to show “their” government how
America feels about this war. Tomorrow, in
Washington and in San Francisco, thousands,
perhaps millions, will demonstrate their feelings
on the continuing “police action" in Southeast

Asia.

Never in American history have so many
people shown so much concern, actii'e concern
for what the government is doing. Of course,
never has an American government shown so
much ignorance of what the people are think~
ing. Now is the time to wake Dick Nixon tip to
the truth: we've got to get on! of Southeast
Asia. and we’ve got to do it now.

Admittedly, it's a rough time to have to
march on Washington, what with exams and the
end of the year approaching. Remember, how-
ever, that if your time is precious, that of a
Vietnamese is even more so: their life expect-

ancy is a lot shorter.

Go, if you at all can; arid show the president
that people are still against the war and will
remember his inhumanity and deafness in 1972.

For in the mind of Richard Nixon, there is no
war, there is no dissent, there is no April 24.
There is only I972. Let us show Dick that for
him there will not be a l‘)72, unless he titles
something. March on Washington April 24!

 

the stall or paper.

nulliuging editor

. . . . . . . . . . . .tirillyiui abate
alli'crlii'iilg Hill/lager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .jeffrodgcrs
burl/ion Iliunagcr

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . phil ililirk
technical t'tlililri'

. . . . . . . . . . . . .suc seligsoli

. . . . . . . . . . . . dan williains

. . . . . .warreii wisliarl

 

advertising Itlytlll/
.............toliirliodcs
circa/mil in nmnagcr

. . . . . . . . . . . . sue fiiulkiicr
grit/liner
. . . . . . . . . . . . joii giltililan
classifier]
. . . . . . . . . . .dehbie kaciiieii
grit/fill
, . . . ._ . . , . . . .gary siisslliiiii
up .ilrtjf
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .keii delinc
. . . . . . . . . . . .jllL‘k siluiidcrii

paper,

 

albany student press

fno Albany Student Press Is published three limos our weak rilirino lilo
academic YOM (cxopt durinu racassos) by the Sludunl Assocrallon ol the
State University at New York at Albany. lhc Studonl Association is located
In Campus Center 346 at 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, New York.
122m. Subscllptlon price Is 5‘) per year or ‘5‘.) our suiiiilslcr. Second class
mailing pormlt pending, Ballston Spa, New York.

The ASP assumes no responsibility for opinions oxprusseo in ils columns or
communications, as silch expressions no not necessarily reflect lllll vluws ol

editor-itioc/li'cj
thomas g. clingiln

(‘.\'t't'll/l|'t‘ t'i/ilur

. . . . . . . . . . . . carol lliighes
Ilt'it'.\' ('tlillll'

. . . . . . . . . . vicki teldili
ilXXttt'ltlIl‘ Ilcn‘r cr/i'lllri‘

 

 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .roy lcwis
.lllilldll oriilglicr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . terry wolf
ji'ainrl'x t't/ilnr
. . . . . . . . .debhic natansolin
iI.\'.\'lI('ltlft' j'catnrcr editor
. . . . . . . . . . . . john fiiirliull
arii L’l/llill‘
. . . . . . . . . . .llﬂtlll waters

ai'im'ialc tII'I.\ t't/lliir
. .iiiicliBlc pillella
. . . . . . . . rohcrl uirciiiba
. r.j. wanier
city t'i/lliil‘

. . . . . . . , . . . , . . iiiike ellis
[lilo/ogrupln' cr/iIllr

. . . . . . . . . . , .jay rriscilllerg

Ull Bmcbm Tuvulou Olltt xbl muonlo lo 1016. Ju ll mpmllbn jo Ippn
326 up all Dbnovt Dloull on uil Tubul Volwlsllul pu Obi Zprl bu Bmcbuz.
PVI ounclsl hll 467‘2100 boo 21M. Dpullrmoolodtl mvto cl mitt uibo 300
xpuT hoe ml tvcktou up luluwh or oil FuJ Fulups—Ju-Fillu. Xl cdmpoh up
8.0. boil hll quu'o c1 Tuvqu Uhv. ~—r:bnl|

Docodu "Ill manage and mud ii to CIA, CC 326, numpm mail or call this

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 

tiiliéii;

visit...

 

 

 

 

 

 

,.
L. 7“ M
W  -
Wﬁlﬂrlam

 

 

 

Communications

Border Incident

To the Editor:

The more we think about them, the less real they
seem. That is, theeVean of Christ's last Monday. We
attempted to flee to the next county from the
Promised Land but were accosted by the Romans
who demanded one of our party as payment for
leaving. They had the spears but we lacked the
numbers ilnd besides freedom was necessary.

The city we came to was so beautiful, almost
unbelievable. The clean air, free life, and disappear-
ing snow stretched before us as we traversed Pont
Champlain. Two bits arid we headed for Verdunl.
The day's events squiekly passed lilid we left one of
us ilftcrsccing the market place of the great city.

Remembering that the Romans still held a captch,
wc rccommittcrl ourselves to her defense. We did
not fully anticipate the gall of “the filth that rape
our nation." To return to our own country, they
abducted another and threatened still another. At
tongue-point, we were hassch illid hustled outside.
We then wondered how milch freedom there was on
the outside of prison bars. Thirty miles south of the
Roman Fortification, we confronted the deputy
tribuncs of Clinton County. He denied us visitation,
infmljon, and communication, but grutitcd two
oinks as We left his building. We fortunately escaped
the parsing Romans by trilvclilig a straight line on
the main road“ the Soutllway.

Beware, in crossing LlH! U,S.‘Cilllil(lltln bordcr fear
not our friend to the Norlli, but rather fear the
:llmighty D,C. Romans ili whosc builds your destiny
IUS,

l’ricnds of Amalie l’ilstriliii
(Deported ‘l/ Ill/7 1)

Education Replies

To the Editor,

I would like to comment on the ariiclc written by
Peter Morici in the April 21 issue ol' the ASI’. Firsl
of all, I want to make it clear lhili my attacks were
not directed toward Education students only. In my
article. I mentioned ilic inadequacies alid dishonesty
iii other courses, too. I do agree with Mr. Morici
lhill il more ilpprilprialc allegation would he tlial
many of our sludcnls are not all they could be, I
also llciii‘llly agree that teachers are merely ii mirror
of thc human collection they represent. However, I

 
   
 

EBBIE THE EEP

      
  
  
 
  
 

H0lJ
iN!

tilllNOlOll

Ix /
//
l i
\ .
/l’

 

HtADI/VG Down FOR Tilt-
l‘E/ité IJFMONSTMTION?

    

believe that. stagnation is setting in. Mr. Morici says,
that we shouldn't expect teachers to live up in a
standard that we ourselves refuse to achieve. Why
not? Someone has to break the vicious cycle by
providing a good model. How else 'an anythinng
changed? I realize that many of the accusations I
made about students are accusations that should be
made against our entire society, which iieilhcr
commands nor deserves respect. We are all victims
of our hypocritical society. Brit I think that
students have a lot of potential. They simply arc not
motivated, in many cases, to use it. In the words of
Theodore Roszuk, author of “The Making of :i
Counter Culture,"

“It is not of supreme importance that a human
being should be a good scientist, ll good st'lliilal'. a
good administrator. a good expert...llife is not \\'ll.l|
we are in our various professional capacities or in
the practice of some special skill. Wlial [S of
supreme importance is that each of us should
become a person, a whole and integrated person ili
whom there is manifested a sense of the human
variety genuinely experienced, a sense of having
come to terms with a reality thai is awr-sollil-iy
Vast."

Diane Mal‘giorl-

Police S TA TE

To the UiiiVersiiy Community:

On Wednesday, April illsl. bclwccn (izilii and 7 VIII
ill the morning, strch policl- walked into «\Illllilli)
Hall on State Quad and bustcd lwo silidciils on
marijuana charges. University sllul'ccs claim iln-y
liiid no knowledge of tile impending ill‘l'l‘Sl\ bill it
has been rumored for a iiilmbcl' ol' wccks lll.il an
undercover llgclil has belln living in I\llllllll)_\'

We believe lhc Uliivorsily administration sliolllil
do everything iii its power to prevent the \Ill.illll
Ulllll'i'd arrival of police on caliipiis by iliforiiililg llli'
students of any invvsiigalioiis by my or slali'
autliorilics. A good university administration slllltllll
look out for ibi- Welfare of iliesludciiis. so lllilil ilu-
iliichrsily slilrls working for us we Iiall Ilcilcr walcli
oiil for lhc Nilrc next door

In pi-ai'c.

lllrl ('ollll

Sit-\‘c (ici'llci

Illiy l"l-l|ci

(ill-nil Ncwmail
Richard Htllil‘l'llllltl

  
    
 

wail Yut"l\'i~ iN
tt‘(k, SUN-I‘M
(yoiilt. Tillilt
TOO!

  
    
 

 
  
 

t

RHAX, JACK! i‘M A MiMisLn oi-
"Harlin/it‘s Aerator rnf w/in/ iviiii II :3
REALLY ﬂ,” liLD \I'iﬂlil/ - ~
——’——” x

/

  
  

 

w-r W" ' i
I/IWM WWW": U‘ “i
Atiililltl- ill" . /
nut/A r ii,mnii‘/

POT I‘ HASH "

Auditing") .,

FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1971

First in a three part series

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The New Opium War

by Frank Browning and Banning Garrett
RAMPARTS l 97! reprinted by College Press Service

by permission

“Mr. President, the specter of heroin addiction is
haunting nearly every community in this nation."
With these urgent words, Senator Vance Hartke
spoke up on March 2 in support of a resolution on
control being considered in the US. Senate. Esti-
mating thnt there are 500,000 heroin addicts in the
U.S., he pointed out that nearly 20 percent of them
are teenagers. The concern of Hartke and others is
not misplaced. Heroin has become the major killer
of young people between 18 and 35, outpacing
death from accidents, suicides or cancer. It has also
bccnmc a major cause of crime: to sustain their
habits, addicts in the US. spend more than $15
million a day, half of it coming from the 55 percent
of crime in the cities which they commit and the
annual $2.5 billion worth of goods they steal.

Onco safely isolated as part of the destructive
l'unkiness of the black ghetto, heroin has suddenly
spread out into Middle Amcri 'a, becoming as much
a part of suburbia as the Saturday barbecue. This
has gained it the attention it otherwise never would
have had. President Nixon himself says it is sprca~
(ling with “plinth-mic virulence." People are be«
coming aware that lccnagcrs are shooting up at
lunchtime in schools and returning to classrooms to
ilod the (lily away. Bill what they don't know-and
what no Ulll' is telling ihcm'ris that neither the
volcanic crrupiioll of addiction in this country nor
the crimes ii l-ilusl-s would bt‘ possible without the
age-old international trade ill opium (from which
hl-roili is dcrivod), or that heroin addiction—like
inflation, unemployment, and most of the other
chaotic forces in American society today- is dir'
cclly related to the US. war in Indochina.

The connection between war and opium in Asia is
as old as empire itscli'. Bill the relationship has never
been so symbiotic, so intricate in its nctwurks and
so vast in its impli 'iitions. Nevr-r bcforc has the trail
of tragedy been so clcarly marked as in the present
phase of US. involvement in southeast Asia. For the
international traffic in opium hils expanded in
lockstep with the expanding US military presence
there, just as heroin has stalked the same young
people in US. high schools who will also be called
oii to fight that war. The ironies that have accom-
panied the war ili Vietnam since its onset arc morc
poigniiiil than before. At. lhc very moment that
public officials ilrl‘ wringing their hands over the
heroin problem, Washington‘s own Cold War eru-
sldc, replete with clandestine activities that would
seem far fetched l-Ven in a spy novel, continch to
play a miijor rolc ili ii process that has alrcildy
rerouted the opium traffic from the Middle East to
Southeast Asia and is every day opening new
channels for its shipment to [ho US. At the same
time the government starts crash programs to
rehabilitate drug users among its youlig pcoplc, thi-
young soldich ii is sending to Vietnam are getting
booked and dying of overdoses lit the rate ofollc a
(lay. While the l’rcsidcnl is declaring war on lirir~
eotics and on crime in thr- streets, hl‘ is widening Lllt'
war in Laos, whose principal product is opium and
which has now become lhl- funnel for nearly hall'
the world‘s supply of the narcotic, for which thi-
US. is the chief consumer.

The story of opium iii Southeast Asia is a sll'zlngc
one ill every turn. llul the conclusion is known in
advance: this war has ctlliic home again in a silky
grcy powder that goes from a syringe iiilo Amcl'icil's
niiiinlilic.

 

The CIA Poppies

Most of the opium in Southeast Asia Is grown in ii
region known as lhc "ll‘crtilc Triangle," all area
covering northwr-sicrli llurmil. northern 'l'hililaiid,
and Laos. It is il mountainous jungle inhabited by
tigers, elephants, and some of tlic most poisonous
snakes ili thc world. The source of die opium that
shares thr- iircil with thcsc i-xotic animals is the
poppy, iirld the main growr-m arc the Mco hill
tribcrlpi-oplr- who inhabit lhc rcgioii. Thc Mco nit-n
chop back lhc forests in the wcl season so tlial lhc
crop can he plillilcd in August and September.
l’oppii-s produce l'l‘ll, Wllllt' or purplc blossoms
lM‘lWl't’lt January and Milrcb, and when the blossom
Withers, an cgg sized pod is left. The women harch
lhc crop and nlllhl‘ ii xnurll Incision in the pod with ii

of the publisher

three-bladed knife. The pod exudes a white latex-
-like substance which is left to accumulate and
thicken for a day or two. Then it. is carefully
gathered, boiled to remove gross impurities, and the
sticky substance is rolled into balls weighing several
pounds. A fraction of the opium remains to be
smoked by the villagers, but most is sold in nearby
rendezvous with the local smugglers. It is the Meos‘
only cash crop. The bill tribe growers can collect as
much as $50 per kilo, paid in gold, silver, various
commodities, or local currency. The same kilo will
bring $200 in Saigon and $2000 in San Francisco.

There are hundreds of routes, and certainly as
many methods of transport by which the smugglers
ship opium ~-some of it already refined into heroin—
through and out of Southeast Asia. But there are
three major networks. Some of the opium from
Burma and northern Thailand moves into Bangkok,
then to Singapore and Holig Kong, then via military
aircraft, either directly or through Taiwan, to the
Unich States. The second, and probably major,
route is from Burma or Laos to Saigon or to ocean
drops in the Gulf of Siam; then it goes either
through the Middle East' and Mtll‘st‘illt‘ to the U. S.
or through Holig Kong and Singapore to the, West
Coast. A filial route rulis directly froln outposts
held by Nationalist Chincsc troops in Thailand to
Taiwan and thcii to the US. by a variety of means.

Onc of the most successful of the opium clitreprc~
iii-ills who travel ibcsc routes, a Time reporter wrote
in “.367, is Chan Chi-foo, a half-Chincsc. half-Shim
Burmese) niodcrirday warlord who might have
stepped out of ti Joseph Conrad advcniiirc yiirri.
Chan is a soft-spokcli, miId-manlicri-d man in his
late thirties who, it is said, is totally ruthless. He hiis
tremendous knowledge of the geography and people
of northwestern Burma and is said to move easily
among them, conversing in scvuriil dialects. Yet he is
also able to deal comfortably with bankers and
other businessmen who l'inanec his operations from
such centers as Bangkok and Vietnam. Under Chan
Chi-foo's command are from 1000-2000 Well«zlrmcd
men, with the feudal hierarchy spreading down to
encompass another 3000 hill tribcsmcli, porters,
hunters and opium growers who plly him fealty and
whom he regards about the same as the more than
500 small mules he uses for transport.

To get his caravans to market, however, Chan
must pay a price, for the crucial part ofhis route is
heavily patrolled not by Thais or Laotians but by
nomadic Nationalist Chinese or Kuomingtang
(KMT) troops. Still supported by the ruling KNT or
Taiwan, (lcncralissimo Chiang Kai-Shek's 93rd Di-
vision controls ii major piirl of the opium flowing
out of Burma and Thailand. Roving bands of
mercenary bandits, they fled to northern Burma in
Hill) ils Chiang‘s armies were being routed on the
Chinese mainland, arid hich maintained themselves
since by buying opium from the nearby Mco
ll'ibesmi-n which they then resell, or by exacting
iribillc payments from clitrcprcncurs like Chan
Chi‘l'oo. As lrilVl'llt'I’S to the arch ilttcsl, [lit-ru- troops
also supplement thcir income by running Intelli-
.ﬂt‘llt'l‘ operations iiiio China and Burma for the
ll.S.lliisl last year a rcporlcr who was ill, Chit-rig Mar,
'l'liailalid, saw Thai troops alid American ilrlvisors,
as Wcll as military .siipplics proviih (l by the Taiwan
govr-i'llmcnl.

The KMT are tolerated by the Thais for sl-Verill
reasons: they have helped in the counterinsurgency
efforts of the Thai and Us. govvrnmeiits against the
hill trihcspeoplc iii Thailand; they have aided the
training and rr-cruuilig ol' Burmese guerrillas armies
for the CIA. arid they offer il pilyol'l' lo the Border
Patrol i’olicr- tlil’l’). and through them to the second
most powerful man in 'I‘hailand, Minister of the
Interior Gen. l’riipasx Churusulliiril. Tbc BPP were
trained iii the ’l'it)‘s by the CIA and now are
financed and advised by All) and are flown from
border Village to border Village by Air America, The
BF? act as middlemen iii the opium trade between
the KMT in the rcmoti- regions of'l‘huillllid mid the
Chinese merchants Iii Bangkok/These relationships,
of counac, arc l'lcxrbh- iliid changing, with each
group wanting to maximize profits and minimize
ilnlagoiiisnis and dangers. But thr- established routclr
vary. iitid sometimes doublccrosscs arc intentional.

[To be continued]

   

   
  
 

E‘RE HERE TO. ,
 attire
MOST as our 0F

   
 
 

#2571154 7/ You CAN
HAVE m OPIUM.’

'PAGE 5

   
  
 

        
 
    
  
    

r A 5 WE FlGHTiNG

 
 
 
 
   

,.’l K ’

Cycling for Bilteways

A group of Albany bicycle riders
is planning a mass ride on May 9
from the Washington Park boat-
house to the campus of the State
University to demonstrate the feu-
sibility of the bicycle as a legiti-
mate and adult means of transpor-
tation in the city. Mayor Corning
has agreed to join the group when
it gathers at the Washington Park
boathousc at 1:00 this Mother's
Dlly. Governor Rockefeller has
been asked to endorse the bikes
way concch during Earth Week,
April It) through the 24th.

Hundreds of communities have
established bikcways over quiet
less-travuletl streets. The proposed
Albany biki-way. would be
marked by attractive signs
approved by the National Joint
Committee on Uniform Traffic
Control Devices arid authorized
by the Federal Highway Admini-
stration, US. Department of
Transportation, which would run
oti residential streets between
Washington alid Western AVenues.

The group sponsoring the May 9
event, the Capital District Bike-
wriy Committee, has been or-
ganized by Howard L. "Pat"
Malone and Richard Randles of
the State Budget Division staff
arid Edward M. Somers of the
State Assembly stuff. The Com-
mittee is also recommending that
the State and the City cooperate

by constructing appropriate con-
necting paths and curb ramps on
State and City properties along
the proposed bike route.

"Now that the country seems
solidly committed to improve-
ment in the environment," Mr.
Malone said, “public officials are
obligated to seek out and promote
activities which foster a better
environment and the bicycle
makes good ecological sense."

As vice president of the Mo-
hawk-Hudson chapter of the
League of American Wheelmcn, a
century-old national organization
devoted to the “two-wheeler,"
Edward M. Somers is interested in
the sport of bicycle touring, a
rapidly growing form of recrea-
tion in this country. "An aware-
ness ill cities that the bicycle isn
force for quiet and clean air will
stimulate development of bicycle
trails in the countryside," Mr.
Somers said. “Many states already
have them; abandoned railroad
beds are especially suited for the
purpose,“ be added.

According to reports received by
Somers, experience with bikewnys
in other cities indicates that. traf-
fie accidents are sharply reduced
on those streets marked as bike
routes. The signs remind motorists
that the route he is following has
been designated to be shared with
bicycles.

 

 

 

Best Apartment
in Albany

For Summer
---3 large bedrooms
---iicw bathroom
»--hugc kitchen
---porch and parking lot
-—-iicar SUNY bus

call: 4.18-1’28l

 

Magazine of science fiction It fantasy

will be distributed APRIL 26-30

2607 with tux

PARSEC

in the CC Lobby

50¢ without

 

 

 

 

 

459—4039
REGAL SHOES

Norlliway Mall
just off the North way

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
IBM Seleclric Typewriter
Experienced in all types of
Doctoral Dissertations
Fast, Dependable Service
Reasonable Rates
Call 462-6283 J Day or Evening

 

 

 

 

 

DON’T BE FOOLED

COMPONENT STEREO CANNOT
BE MATCHEDIN QUALITY
FOR THE BEST IN LISTENING
IT'S

QQPIONEER

SEE & HEAR THEM AT LAFAYETTE

\~~\u l.ili ‘llilt‘~ Ul \i'lill il ‘iltlllll

  

ALBANY SCH‘DY
70 Cunt A". Ill Ed: Ilrd.
462-0501 Nt-tlll

 
 

101 Upper Gkn
m-mz

  

GLENS FALLS PITTSFIELD COLONIE

a Sir-In St. Nam") Mal
«Mu. “F1150

 

 

 

 

