 

i
i
i

.. “L sow-s," an A A ..,- ...

MW»...

:o—PL

ﬁlm-s.- a A

I as.

 

, .
l1];
5:?

 

 

mess v, .-

' New ‘ Rightist Liberty

An ASP Column ,
by Mitchell Frost

Stan Lehr and Louis ﬁouetto Jr. have written a fascinating article
in the New York Times magazine section of January 10 entitled, “The
New Right Credo-- Libertarianism." Since I consider myself a
libertarian of sorts, I read the article with great interest, but I am
sorry to say that l was disappointed.

The authors quite correctly assess much of today's political
ideology as tiresome and hypocritical. Many conservatives, while
proclaiming law and order,"could scarcely contain their glee" when
they saw construction workers pummel anti-war protesters and long
haired innocent bystanders. “Some were the self-appointed purifiers
of societ -- those who wanted to ‘clean up’ pornography, drug use,
long hair, and other vices." Yet, conservatives have long claimed to be
the true champions of personal freedom.

Liberals feel that'“the state should have virtually unlimited power to
redistribute material Wealth, plan and regulate economic activity and
balance the desires of each interest group against those of every
other." When their social solutions fail to have positive results, rather
than trying new ‘ " they r ‘ the r " by ,_ ,. ' ,,
the same solutions in a higher dosage. For example, since rent control
has resulted in a virtual halt in the construction of low-cost housing,
liberals have advocated more rent control. Every time the minimum
wage is increased, thousands of workers (the unskilled, the young, the
black) are thrown out of work and added to the unemployment rolls.
Of course, any the liberal, the solution is a higher minimum wage.

The radicals, lamenting about the “fascist system" oppressing
them, have set up their own brand of fascism in colleges under their
de facto control threatening students who oppose them. “The New
Left reached the height of its appeal by misrepresenting its goals as
libertarian, and it began to decline as soon as its totalitarian nature
became evident."

Where the authors and the article break with reality is in the true
meaning of freedom. As the authors acknowledge, freedom includes
the right of a people to Organise among themselves to form a
community or government. For a system to be politically free it must
also be economically free (with some restrictions to check the abuses
of monopolies--both industrial and union). Thus the libertarians
rightly call for laissez-faire. Laws are freely and democratically
established to protect freedom, not to restrict it.

The authors find it difficult to understand the need to protect a
free society. To make their point they quote Karl Hess: “Libertar-
ianism is the view...that all man’s social actions should be voluntary."
They completely disregard the responsibility that must come with
freedom.

My other point of dispute with Messrs. Lchr and Rossetto is in
regard to national defense. For instance: “...while traditionalists
automatically supported any step the Government chose to take

 

"a...

A tllm by Emla Plato"

  

‘ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

   

WWW

 

“...with society to fulfill our responsibilities, to exercise our rights,
and to insure that society or government does not infringe upon or
suspend those rights. Otherwise, it is our right to disband the
government by democratic means."

against Communism, the libertarians were more concerned about
whether the Government had the right to tax and conscript its citizens
to undertake so improbable an adventure. Libertarians believed that is
the country were really in danger a free citizenry would be more than
willing to defend it voluntary." With this issue the authors break with
reality.

Firstly, they fail to realize that freedom has its enemies, those
individuals and countries who wish to direct a movement to
overthrow our government with the freedoms it provides. At present,
the Soviet Union and Communist China are the two greatest external
threats to these freedoms; and the leaders of these two powers have as
much as said so.

Leonid Brezhnev, at the International Meeting of Communist and
Workers' Parties in Moscow, June 7, 1969: "Comrads, all of us base
ourselves on the fact that the world socialist system is the leading
revolutionary force and the mainstay of the anti-imperialist (read:
anti-American) movement..."

Lin Piao, Defense Minister of Red China. at the Ninth National
Congress of the Communist Party of Peking, China, April 1, 1969:
"The current Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution is absolutely
necessary and most timely for consolidating the dictatorship of the
proletariat (meaning the mass murders of those opposing Communist
Party directives) preventing capitalist restoration and building social-
ism."

We cannot ignore these statements any more than we can ignore
the North Vietnamese aggression in South East Asia, Russian
aggression in the Middle East, or the Russian build-up of offensive
nuclear weapons including the 25 megaton SS-9 missiles. Unfortunate-
ly, Messrs. Lchr and Rossetto choose to overlook these events.

Secondly, the authors are naive if they believe that our national
defense can be based on a reliance on the free citizenry's willingness
to jump to its nation's defense in time of crisis. With a standing army
abandoned to be replaced by... by wliat'ﬂ‘liey feel that our security
could be defended by a band of citizens who, upon seeing their
nation's security threatened would voluntccr their services to its
defense, a sort of massive posse. The only problem is lliiit modcrn
security measures rcquirc something better than an untrained group of
citizens masquerading as an army. Wc would be literally dvl‘ensclcss. A
morc reasonable solution to the forced conscription of tlic draft-lot.-
tcry is an all-volunteer army gradually replacing our present standing
army and immediately replacing thosc unwilling conscrile who arc
serving in Vietnam against their will. (Such a solution was advocated
by Jim Buckley during his senatorial campaign.)

A philosophy based on individuality is, of coursc, a philosophy
based on freedom and is supcrior to any ollicr but it must hc
adaptable to modern day problcms. Any philosophy which is not
practical is useless. Liberty and freedom must be tlic major thrust.
behind any free socicly but the systcm must be designed to cope with
the real world, or anarchism is sure to follow.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

LI. SEAT YOU TWO CHAPS TOGETHER—YOU MUST HAVE A LOT TO TALK AIOIm'
. ‘ ( - ‘ I

we

 

an;

i w s  than

They‘re the same color and they can’t get along.

Reﬂections on Race

/Ill ASP Column

by John O‘Grady

l'vc studied ilic prolilcm, and I can'l scc why lhcy'rc (lil‘l‘cri-ni,
why I can't got along with thcm. Arc tlicy luiiilcr, or willivr, or
happici".’Morc i'liyllimic, niorc scxual, morc zilicnaicd. I)l‘l.l(‘|'
organized?

Hull, 1 Incl llic samc rliyllims, and wanl lhc samc womcn, and

Ear?

4.4

 

Bombing... Virginia

Au ASP Humor Column
by Gene Damm

Man U Suc, Defense Minister Extraordinaire and PR man for
the North Vietnamese Air Force promptly sent a curlly worded
sharply barle incisive warning to Washington today. The notice
follows heavy bombing all wcek of the states of Pennsylvania,
Maryland, and Virginia in reprisal l'or thedowningby the Americans
of a North Viet reconnaissance plane in clear violation of the
undcrstanding. The understanding wasn‘t specified.

According to Our American Heritage Dictionary, however,
“understanding” means "a solemn covenant unilaterally arrived at
do, to projection of wish fulfillment on the part of the solemnizcr
in a specified context, i.e. getting ones troops out of a combat
zone, and subject to unilateral conditions at the disposition of the
solemnizcr given the contingencies of the situation."

Discounting enemy claims of an understanding with the
Pentagon whereby the North Vietnamese would only bomb north
of the Mason-Dixon line U Suc claimed that Western logic dictated
lhal massch bombing raids were the proper response since the
recon plane violated their territorial integrity not ours," and
stated if them were an understanding he would be the first to
know about it. lnlcrjeclcd U Suc: “War is hell."

Hc wciil on Io explain that the raids should not be interpreted
as an escalation of the war but as limitcd tempera-spatio
functional counter detcrrciit operations systems response and
dircctcd rcporlcrs to the North Vicl Air Force Manual No.
345678 for morc lccliiiical explanation. When questioned about
civilian casuallics U Soc made some Tlippnnt Oriental remark
:ihoul Amcricans running short of manhole covers. His conversa-
lion was inlcrspcrscd with Chinese bullshit. about the pcoplc and
his English wcrcn'l loo good.

Ilc dcclincd lo commciit on rcportcd raids in Iowa and
Florida.

likc tlic sumo wit. 1 can rlancc and play l)ll.\'l(l'll)llll and l llilll' ME?
burcaucracy and this papcrrl'illcd stupid such-1y. '

'l'hc problcm is orgaiiimlioii. Wu cnii'l gcl lugi-thci‘ licvaiisc Wl' 
organilc dil'l'ci‘ciilly, or rnllicr, llicy rn'gnnilc and I (lon'l. \Vlin 
now halos “Will so much llial llicy sing and march and wrilc 

about opprcssioii"

I'd almost join llicir organization, liul il's all split up anyway
Opprcsscd or lll)l, llicy'vc gol l.ll('ll’ llllll(lll"(‘lll.\.\' nppi‘csscd and
lowcr-cliiss oppl‘csscd, and in working with .ill of llicni l'rl lic
working with straights as wcll as radicals, and Will] scholars as wcll
as dropou ts. The phenomenon is too confusing to copc willi.

Ycl tlicy scum lo slick logclhci‘, as il‘ prolilcnis dil‘l'crcnl from
my own givc llicni colicrcncc without nic. Soon-how llicy'vc gnl
morc money In spciiil on cars iillll nicc clollii-s and |)tl|'llt‘.\', and
they look likc tlicy slinrc llic Mlnll' jokcs. In fact, Millli'llllll'\ I
catch myscll' thinking tlicy'rc all suspicious-looking.

'l‘licrc arc opporluiiilics for working i'clalioiisliips, llnnigli. ()ii
the jol), I can cimpi-i‘ulc with lliciii n-zisily ciinugh, as long a» m-
iivoirl personal Lcnsinlis. Whiil tlic Iii-ll, wc llVl' ilil‘l'crcnlly. conic
from dil'l'crcnt backgrounds, twist our pcrsonnlilics Ill wnlcly
(lisparatc ways; it is ciiuugh, it is a .slurl, llial :1 similar llil) or a
single working objcctivc can bring us togclhcr.

So there's hope. (Ilirisl, [licy'rc i-Vcii llic samc color as 1 am.
considering LliLI l‘rccdom wc'i'c all working for and cvr-rylliing clsc
wc how in common, thcrc‘s no rcason l sliouliln'l lw illlll‘ lo gcl
along with white pcoplc sonic day.

 

 

the

PATROON ROOM ANNOUNCES

WEEKEND HOURS & A STUDENT DISCOUNT
*$I.50 discounts

with a meal card

Argo“ 5, _O_( ("n ("2017- .

     

.0

   
  

   
    
   

   

Publicll l

Programmln

   

Friday, Fan. 19

BYRDS
CACTUS
mm

Wednesday, March 31

SM

with m Stuart

Kenny Jenn, lennll Lana.

Ian lacuna I Inn West

TNE OOH

lsrmrly ultn in tester)
Special Guest Artists:

SAVOY BROWN

SE IAND

,i inturlng Kim Simmonds 
J i
J' Comingx C,
‘0‘ 10 in. Altar, U
- titan Julia. Italians. {3‘
,3. wum Din .

and many, many others

  

New CUNCGDI Assac's. Int.

Production A Sound:
Nsi‘l Student
Productions. Inc.
N.V.C. A Campbell. Calll.

l
Ashram!a Hausa. Lid.

      
   
    

I.L FACES . -

      
      
    

  
  
     

   
    
  

  
  

    
 

 
       
       

 

An electronic magazine 01 American
lpop culture with flashes by:

Paul Krassner, Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce.

The Ace Trucklng Co., Joan Baez, Rhinoceros.
Flon Carey, Tuli Kupferberg. Sha—Na-Na, Allen
Ginsberg, Leonard Cohen. Malcolm X, Peter Max
457-8583

lillllll r. .iliw

Tower East Cinema
Feb. 18-21: ’l‘hura. at ll I’M In LC ll;
Fri. and Sat. at 7:30 lit 10 PM In LC 7 Sun. at ll hi LC 7
Adar/aria": “.001” ii. 5 0 Willi .S'mlc Quad ('arrl

 

.iml woll .iinl wllIllli]

Legal Hassles
Pregnancy
Any Problems

Wu wunI In Iniln

Call 457-5300 24 Ins/day

maybe we can help

gﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ:
aTheASPiB a
g Soliciting 3;
75! Columns i‘r

You have the right to
7ﬁ'have your views heardl
The ASP is your medium
1:‘i'to do so. {if
BRING COLUMNS T0727
C0326, OR SEE THE
ﬁrCOLUMNS EDITOR.

 

 

 

 

 

.u;WummM...w.m.... , ..  . .._

senescence

$8.00

For Reservations call

t457-4833

 

S’I‘EAK l"()ll 'I‘WO
SIIlLOIN 0F lllCl'Il“, HOUQUE'I'IERE
'I‘lilck, 'l‘clldcr Stcak, llruilcd in your 'l'iislc
nurvcd with chclalilc and Darin-sac l’ulnto

Mciiu includcs’“:
lli‘oilcil lmlislcr 'l'iiil.» .
Vcal (fullcl l’arinigiana . . . . .$1l.7h
.‘iniilc l"ili-l of Solc $3.50
l’i'ilnc Illllh ol' \Vcslcrii liccl‘ . . $4.9!)
sarvu yoursnlt Irom our unlimited salad'bar
‘iuojiilu inn-I, l‘oinln, Haunt, llullt. .‘li Illllil‘l

$6.25

Aliiwv llli liiliw.
*pricci do not include

5 I. 50 discount

with incal card

Now you can enjoy Elegant Dining and
drinks in one of the Finest Restaurants
in the Albany area.

GOURMET ’I‘ENDERLOIN ()F BEEF
Slices of Succulent Bccf Enhanced

with Our Chef's Wine
and Mushroom Sauce
$3.7 I')

Monday-Friday: 5:30—8 pm
Saturday: 5:30—9:30 pm

 

 

'10. O‘o'oi'oj . 1. 3.1.95. 1‘
‘x r «onyxrnw Lo ( ,n'

   

 

   

“‘0'

   
  

nllltlr ll
an/llclst
Ii (Ill)

- . . . l 0 sun
it sat slab and ma min u um entering
their." Mall om": cast or money order

dressed Islam'p'ca'envslopsrl spaclly this A
time. Onion received 1 wk. be
be held at liar attics unlil Show time. lion
attics spun: at 2 . . ay oi snow. Rein-In-
In “this 'vsillhls one week prior "iron in
day piscsn .3 show): Albanyi MAB U. 2 a
Wasnln ion Ave. 434-3290 Ichanssulyi "it
' lmy St. sis-sins
SION I DROMi
SOUND; Trai THE MUSIC SNACK. '7 com
um Si. 2 34400.

TICKETS on sale irom Tuesday on
In the CAMPUS CENTER.

BUSES run from Albany State to
Palace and back tor second show.

 

 

(H... .
l

A.~‘.AA Asa—Ma; 1“ W

"m'tﬂu ' W)...» - v

 <uaau-mvmuz

(
4
i
l
i
i.
i
4

i
. l

 

