 

 

 

 

 

      

ms 6' W meanness FRIDAY, - . . 23.1971 ALBANY STUD. m pa. ass ,_
. r ., - c - l‘ - » " ' " ' ' ' ' (— - - r—i—v . . a
l ‘ A ' o o o
i
‘ Not surprisingly, this was exactly the aim of the aerial bombing; the
i "logic" could be seen in the claims of men likelSamuel Huntington,
. . by 1“ seniﬂ chairman of the Department of Government at Harvard University. He
ii .1 An Asp column wrote in Foreign Affairs that a “direct application of mechanical and
‘t  (gonvential power... on such a scale as to Erasure a ngasliivilmyggion
I” I rom countryside to city ‘ would insure t e e eat 0 t e ie ng.
:1  ﬁizlsubfggmﬁ? tzeaglsih‘tg; ﬁrzfﬂmhloﬁhzxg ﬁlitpgsizplzrgi A ban was supposedly placed on the deadliest herbicide--Ageng
f  blackouts and contradictory statements, through distorted statistics Orange" six months after it was reported by the government that large
l 'A' and outright deceit, through word games and optimistic appraisals, the doiies caused birth defects in rats. But usage is continuing in Quang Tn
i word “atrocity” is more and more being equated with the American province in spite of the ban.
é venture in Southeast Asia. Not that it would make much difference. Most of the land is already
Information is scanty to must, always difficult to come by. When destroyed, food cycles upset, animal life altered, the. rice crop
1 Laos was invaded, a press blackout was imposed. Next came the (easiential to the village economy) destroyed. Democratic Senator
 imposition of a blackout on news of the blackout. Still, it did not Gayloird [Nilson' hliis stated that government has dropped six
Iv keep the "incursion" secret and it has not kept the media from poun so C emlcasper person in ic nam.
. , I t I ' _
l reporting news of the beating the South Vietnamese (or rather, And of course, there are always the atroCities committed by ground
American mercenaries) have taken at the hands of the Vietcong. troops. Testimony from veteranS. gathged durln§_hearlngs he'd 13y “[1:
.. “National Veterans inquiry into U.S. ar Crimes removes any ou t
The Secretary of State dreamt up more fancy phrases ( orderly I I ‘ .
i retreat " “mobile manuevering") but still the image of panicky South that corporate America IS guilty of war crimes - and that anyone who
" '5 Vietnamese retreating and grabbing on to the landing skids of remains silent is no better than the silent Germans of World War II.
it American helicopters to escape the “enemy” remains embedded in Even the establishment press is reacting. The suburban Long Island
i one’s consciousness. It is the image of a beaten army sick of being daily News-day editorialized last week that: “Atrocities are being
i used for cannon fodder by an insane little man named Richard M. relmrmd more rapidly than they can be diSPOSEd Orv The COHTGSSiOHS
" Nixon who happens at this moment in time to rule the world’s and the accusations Iircipiling up like bodies in a ditch and the stench
. .
' 1 beginning to rise..." The editorial went on to call for a “War
l largest war machine. is ‘ . H . I ~ . I
i Everyone is starting to realize who the true enemy is. For it has been Crimes Tribunal to.investigate the many cases of genomde in which
i corporate America that dropped the napalm, corporate America that lhls nut-1011 has been Involved. h
i "wasted" the women and children, corporate America that has made And along With the stench comes the remembrances. 0f brot ei-s
l Laos the most bombed nation in the history of mankind. and sisters who are fighting the atromties at home. Thoughts of Kent.
\ Like every other policy designed to combat the "enemy," the And Augusta. And Jackson. Of My Lai. And body counts. Berkeley.
intensive aerial bombing campaign has failed. But it has succeeded in » -. ~ Angela Davrs. Fred Hampton. 0f Cleaver. And the Berrigans. And the
‘ accomplishing one thing-4t has completely destroyed the intricate draft. 0f struggle. Frustration. Impatience. Impotence. ‘
: rural irrigation system used by neighboring villages to water their Arid again the. numhnesels fudlng. ‘
, crops and guarantee a steady water supply. The system had withstood And Once 881"". ll 15 SPrIHBm .
.- the trials of two thousand years of use--until American bombers came
along. Presumeably, this is what Nixon means by "protective >’
,I presence." ,
But the amount of destruction cannot be fully appreciated until one q , A
5 considers the intensive aerial spraying campaign that corporate ,' If «t ..

 

America conducts in conjunction with the bombings. It has caused

birth defects, crippled food production, contaminated drinking water,
and caused more death.

\ The most celebrated case (and even this has been kept out of the

public eye) occurred in 1969 in the hamlet of Tu My. There, ninety

l infants and children (twenty percent of the entire population) died

‘ after being exposed to the herbicide “Blue.” The Herbicide Assess-
ment Commission has documented this through eyewitness accounts.

  
     

    

PX DlVléllgig HQ

(SE, A

 

 

   

   
 

 

 

The also note that the peak year of herbicidal spraying (1967) »/
‘ corresponded with the peak year for still births. 1' ‘
And finally, they report an increase in birth defects in areas r 2 A39
exposed to spraying. Unfortunately, this is difficult to document. The (i L '5" x ‘ :\
Saigon Ministry of Health has placed a “secret” classification on the (  a 
ﬁles of malformed babies.  
x, Further investigation has been hampered by the refusal of the ' stick Vi
American government to release requested information to the group. l  
She has become numbed by her own statistics, but they are there for  :1
her children to judge. American planes have dropped six million tons 7»? ,___ - ‘ “\. l
of bombs on South Vietnamese villages - 20 tons of explosives for _/,  “"3  if
every square mile, and triple the amount dropped by the U.S. during v ‘ " “WWW  /’ av.
all of World War II. . _ i, w \ f » » a i V \ 
This has resulted in the creation of millions of refugees _ A _ ’ \ \ . ‘_ .l its  \ i   i ‘C‘
one-and-a-half million in Cambodia (one-fourth the population), over Wﬁgﬂﬂz$gﬂhwﬁ j~ \' ‘  \ .. - l \ 1'».
rm" "‘"“°“ in SW“ Vie‘m‘m' “"d 300'00" i" I‘M“ This' in “W has on. GENTLEMEN. surrosmo LAOS is SUCCESSFUL...HOW mucn ron THE concessronsr i

caused a massive rural migration that has seen the population of the
E. major cities increase tenfold in the last ﬁfteen years.

 

 

Attention May Graduates
COMMENCEMENT 1911

Inclement Weather I’ch

ninencemenl will be moved lrom the Campus Center
ounce Iliniimplcmonialion

       
          
 
     
   
   
 
        
     
        
     
        
   
       
   
      

Attention

In the event oi rain, cor
Mall lo lho rnaln gym. Local radio SlilllDl‘lS Will ruin
ol the rain plan lhal morning.

."z-“wa 2 :~

. . . .
II the ruin plan is implemented. giaduzilcs will reporl lo the Gym at l PM
and (ion academic rugriliu in [he men‘s locker room. They will proceed
directly lo [he Gym and be sealed by ushers. Only lhu marshals and platform
party will participate in the academic procession it the ceremony is held

 

 

Graduating

llldUUIh.

VISTA needs:

 

  
   
  
   

     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

 

 

 

 

. !!
V . , v  - "kors lor iho 1
se n I o  .- ,.. ~ . inch iiiaiiuuiu illld (lcuruc raliuidiilu will rucclvn 1W0 guest [IL I ‘
   a   "Busmtbb Malt)” iniluni renainony. Because scaling in tho Gym is Iiinilud, lickois admitting y)
"Hunldnilies Millors guitars in lhal iiiuii will be distributed on Ii lirsl currio-llrsl-serve hams. Allor "
. . ' L US [he (.‘iyni lirkuis lire iicpliiierl, guesl tickets for closed circuit TV ciivuriigo on ‘
     a 0 “WV llie {\i'aiiiiinn l’nrliuni Will he issued. lhesc lll‘klllS will inrliciile ihu Iirecisn ,t,’
  I "Al'ChllCL’IS yiuwuiii .iieii‘; illlli ushers Will he on hand in .issisl giicsis in lhesc locations. it
: g "(Lily [)l‘mncrg Sliulllu limes will lie available in transport {llillillillllﬁ (ind niiosls liiuri iho 
' ' _ ‘ . w x - ‘ ' - 'V liruiis will he ‘i‘
' u r Pialn " . \\ a _. ., _ iiiirkinii ilI|'iL\ in line Liynl unit llu. AlildtJllll l’niliuin. llicl "
'  lnlemmlion About lEGAL NEW. VCR : Th.ma"angravedé ‘ "Heilllh SpL‘LlillNS liquliiiii-il Wllll lurgi' filJtH‘ll [(i'xti'l rieiir uiiiiui'lirin lnliivisiiin mills in tiriivide 
i I-  :  "EdUCilllUll MiliUl’S ‘ lhu iii-xi [)(l‘i‘wlltll' vii-wing. liiki'li‘. will liu iivuiliilile during May Ill CC 13'] _ 
i ‘ i
l ' ' " EXPERT CERTIFIED OVNECOlOGlSYS I N I ‘(MUIlliilV llmuuih l iniuy unlyl‘ 
i-       For the Albany Sgudent Press I CHOICE or Tor PRIVAIE HOSPIIAIS :   "YOU. I I ‘ '. . . . . A
‘ AND PRIVAIE CLINICS . ﬂ VUIUHICW'S “1 Sl’l'uwe ‘ IIuI (Znnuni-nii'iiii-nl (Inninnllou .iliil lln- Pll‘lhliil‘lll Iiiiirul llilil limit: is no 1‘
Cc   b . grplﬁiuiingTs SCHEDULED WHHIN : l V  T0 ‘l IllUl‘lCu Siltfili'llltl simm liviuliililu .il liiu lJiiivuisily Wllll ll Wlll :nnil .ill llm purunls ul §
. i i A r > -‘ > I .- lii ilitl ualu ’
y ‘ I l I . all graduates, Wu risk your iriiiiuiiiillon .is Wt \lllyi In iiiuyn I q
1 d d A 'l 2  h :  : I Representative ("I campus; lucililius lui iill [U VIUW lhu (‘tilullllllly. 3,
A We nos a pri ~ i-i. . .  ‘
' ' ’ a (H .iy ISL lunionow ‘
i,  I  3o. , y FOR EARFLE: IZEEELEJANC'ES :   c (nlmpm ('cmﬂ lnhhy On (‘uininuiir'uiniuii Day, the LC lnloirnaiiun Dusk, lliii Univuisny Swiich» 
Ii 1 . ' ' " ‘ l ‘ . ‘ ' ' l ' ll) inswur ( iieslinns about .I
     CAll EITMER OFFICE ron ASSISTANCE : bwimany   . board, inii Cuinnioncinniuil usher wll bitpiapaim r A i 
(201)334-3738 l2l2l 885-]3‘4 : m ' .. ‘ l (.(llllllltllllIlllllllll. 
Now York Medical Rulurrul AgunCy [coo-colelqlli L-——-—-——, - ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

