 

 

 

 

I:
,3
is
l
l:

l
i

 

    
 

Racism and the Inﬁrmary

To the University community:
Several weeks ago our sisters in Women's Libera-

tion of SUNYA pointed out some faults with mesh;

[with facilities on campus. Not the least of which
was a little matter of racist socialiution.

Everyone is aware of the racial tension on this
campus due to a lack of understanding of the BOP
program and the needs it fulfills. A good portion of
the ﬁnancial assistance we receivefmm 30?, Many
of these class (economic) antagonism are trans-
formed into racial antagonism. Once these barriers
are developed they are almost impossible to break
down. In the time it will take to educate people
about the nature of our oppression and the many
ways racism manifests itself. we must also he
combating every thing that puts these barriers
between us. Every situation. that keeps bringing to
the conscious mind those differences which puts
barriers between us and those who don't yet
understand, must be eliminated.

The inﬁrmary had the folders of all EOP students
marked with big bright red letters. There is no need
for these markings but they too serve a function.
This function is that every student who sees the
folder of E0? students is reminded that we have our
insurance and medical bills paid. This is a case of
the university contributing to the class . and hence
racial antagonisms in this school.

But, fear not! After bringing this case to Dr.
Hood, the infirmary will not tolerate institutional
racism within its walls!

P,R.0.L,E.

Athletic tax....Pro

To the Editor.

For over three years now 1 have been curious
as to how strongly the students at SUNYA really
feel about our intercollegiate athletic program. 1
have participated in the program, both as contest-
ant and spectator, for four years;l have found these
activities an indispensable part of my life at State.
But the important question 1 am asking is “How
do the rest feel?"

The athletic program here is one of the best in the
state; this is especially true for the women. as I have
found out through attending several athletic confer
ences. The number of students involved in our
program is extremely impressive: our twenty-six
different programs are open to all students and
provide year~round activities. both for contestants
and spectators. This past year. 118 women and 477
men participated in 294 contests against some 100
colleges; and the vast majority of the 66,440
spectators were students—admissions free!

 

K

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

This week my question will be answered. The
student body will vote "ya" or "no" for a
mandatory athletic tax of only $8.00 per semester.
How rmny concerts can you attend for that price?
Certainly not nearly as many I the hunter 
football and basketball games. How far would this

mum! of money go elsewhere?

To support our athletic program with voluntary
athletic tax, admission would have to be charged for
every athletic event. Why discourage attends!!! at
gama? So many hours are spent to makethem

possible.

Our intercollegiate athletic program is a vital part
of this 'Univusity. I do hope it receives the support

it truly deserves.

Mary Wimmer
Chairman
Athletic Advisory Board

 

communi-

cations

Thanks!

An open letter to the University Community:
Congratulations to all of you! Once again your
peculiar apathetic stance has shown its disgusting
face. Those of us who spent our semester working
our asses off so as to give all of you. and all of us.
the opportunity to express our humanity at a
tWenty-four hour vigil for Soviet Jewry. feel
deeply pained at the abhorring lack of response and
committment from this campus.
Those of you who shelter your lives and live by
causes. have once again shown yourselves true to

J

 

WEDNESDAY. APRIL 28, 1971

your stomach. Oﬁsinllllh 1268 PeoPle flamed up
for a food fast for Soviet Jewry. now we learn that
only 1042 actually didn't all. That’s a simple
statistic for all of us to be proud of. To those who
signed and didn’t eat, We, of course offer our
deepest thanks.

To the Jewish faculty who received speciﬁc
invitations to join with us at the State Capital and
who preferred instead to teach that day. 01‘ Wallow
in their intellectual towers, We ask only whether or
not their intellectual towers are soundproof. 0p.
presslon causes people to cry. voices can be heard if
you don‘t use earplugs; so to every faculty member
who knew of this vigil and instead chose to do
otherwise, we other sympathy--the human kind, no)
the book kind.

For our fellow student. who time and time again
have been bombarded with charges of apathy. we
have very little to say. To repeat those charges, we
have neither the eloquence nor understanding of our
predecessors. Laugh in your dorm rooms, assimilate
to the point of anonymity. and when they come
(whoever the they might be) and tell you that your
parents or your brothers or sisters are being taken
away to be shot. answer with a clear conscience: “I
gave at the office!"

Barry Silvcrberg
Steve Show

David Surownz
Student Coalition for
Soviet Jewry

Athletic tax....C0n

To the Editor:

I had always thought that the gym teachers were
sunburned because they participate in alot of
outdoor athletics. At last Thursday's Central Coun-
cil meeting i learned otherwise. It turns out that
many of the coaches attend conventions in Holly
wood. Florida (5 men-«i days); San Diego. Califor-
nia (1 mans-4 days); Fort Lauderdale, Florida (1
man-8 days); and various other cities around the
nation. I realize that attendence at these confer
ences is importantv-but why should I be forced to
pay for them?

The Athletic Advisory Board Budget for
1971—1972 is a good joke-- until you realize that
you‘re being forced to pay for it. lncluded in lht‘
budget are “Oranges and Gum" lp. 7). three
different kinds of swimming trunks (p. 20), coffee
and Wuts (p. 28). doctors (p. 4). $4.50 for each
“away dinner"(p. 23). $3.25 for each “home”
dinner (p. 26). 31.56160 for banquets (p. 28). lib
Tie tacks or Clasps (p. 28), 12 watches (p.20). film
(p. 29). 50 dozen sweat socks (p. 29). 24 dozen
Supporters! (p. 29), sportswriters meetings with -l()
luncheons (p. 30). a nail clipper (p. ~12). mi
infinitum, ad nauseam.

No one should have to pay for the Allllt‘llt'
Assessment Fee if they don't want to. This Wt‘l‘lf
everyone will have the opportunity to vote NO and
make this fee voluntary,

David Peck
Member of Council

 

  

o ‘..
r ..
‘I L13 I

A: ”' K Lu). j-

       
  
      

I
f we.

A7 m)
32 no

:10 “You

vs_

   
  
 

be‘l‘

CowaretlL Wov'f Muck \‘n
{a Class
5.

l

O

%F_——.

b ,AN AN~T~£L THIMQ ..
ETC. .5 are;

'l -
z-v-t. “mutt ,e
cum bkoafhvzfmikmg

CKICAhlf' ‘W‘V‘K

W‘s smash/r ,
MP‘WHAu (261 foeer
I U \
(IOC'lIE BIRD]
Ego 5.33 LAYub

‘ )HN

“CH/(KEN
kllNQ. " l

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1971

Comment

Editorial

 

Washington

Last Saturday saw a tremendously successful anti-
war rally in Washington. It was also tremendously
peaceful , which surprised many people. The peace
movement has divided itself into two factions: thc
still-peaceful who arc still optimistic and nonviolent;
and the radicals. who believe that thcrc must be
vinlcnt revolution before anything can change. The
cause of the split is that group of dcaf—and-blind
bureaucrats in Washington masquerading as a govern-
ment. And I hope they are satisfied with their
achievement.

For this weekend. the rcvolution pcoplc will gather
in the nation's capito. and l wouldn t want to bc
thch for all the money in Rocky‘s campaign fund.
For this time. it‘s not wing to bc peaceful. And the
people of American wi I see what happens [0 a group
(if people with a good cause when they are frustrated
and jailed and drafted and bcatcn by an unthinking
administration.

To Vote or Not To Vote

The polls opened this morning in the biggest
election of 197]. Students will elect a new S.A.
Prcsidcnt. undergraduate University Senators. Int-in—
bcrs of Central Council. and Class Officers. And of
course, the Tax Question. With so many importth
questions at stake. how can you “or vote?

All during the year. complaints arc lodng by iratc
S.A. members about lluw the Council. or the SCIlilfC.
or the Association itsclf is run. Now is the time to do
smncthing if you really bclicve in it. Apathy will be
its own rcwnrd. especially in an election so big.

Endorsement

Aftcr looking at the contcstzmts, and attempting to
figure out wllcrc Student Association is going (in my
opinion). tlic Editorin-(Ilncf of the xl/bimy Sim/cur
I’rrxx suggests that you vote for Mlh‘L‘ Lumpcrt and
Terry Wibcrt fur l’rcsidcnr and Vice-President (rc-
spcctivcly) of Student Association.

it is my bt‘licf the [llL'SL‘ two men are butll the must
qualified of the group. and the must suitcd to the
current situation in Student Asssocizition.

 

albany student press

The Albany Student Press Is oubllsliod linen limos per week durlng the
academlc year (exopl during recesses) by the Student Association of the
State lJnlvorslty or New York at Albany. The Student Association ls located
ln Campus Center 346 at 1400 Washington Avonuo. Albany. New York.
12203. Subscrlpllon nllce l5 $9 per year or $5 per semester. Second class
malllng permlt pandlnq. Ballston Spa. Now Vork.

The ASP assumes no responsiblllty for oplnlons expressed tn lls columns or
communlcatlons. as such exprosslons do not necessarily reflect the vlews of
"w 5”" °' gape" cdiIur-m-chlef

thomas g. clingan

executive cdilur

. . . . . . . . . . . . carol hugbes
news cdimr

. . . . . . . . . . . . . Vicki relic!
associate news editorr

managing editor

.  . . . . . . . . . .aralynn nbarc
advertising manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . .jcﬂ rome

lmsinexs manager

, , . , , . , . . . , , ,,pwmgrk ...............roylcwia

. . . . . . . . . . . ‘da new

technical editors I . _ ~ I I ' . . . Infl'km w“:

' ' ' ' ' ' ‘ ‘ ' ' ‘ ‘ '5' “h?” fvamrer editor

. . . . . . . . . . “danwillnml 'H'H_H“mn‘“l

' ' ' ' ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ‘ ‘wamn “5mm armour/e features t’dflO'

udI'r'r/iring quuu/ - l i . v . - . . . . . john flirt-ll

. . . . . . . . . . . . . tom modes urrr edilm’

('irt'ulalinn manager . - - - i . - . A . . . .lindl WIters

. . , . . . . . . . . . sue faulkner assoc-lulu arts editor

graphicr . . . . . . . . . . .michac palclla

. , . . . . . . . . . . jun lullnmn sports editor

r'lurriﬁud . . . . . . . . . . robcrt urcmba

. . . . . , . . . . .debbie kaemen columns edilur

grafﬁli . . . . . . . . . . . . . r. j. Warner

. . . . . . . , . , , ,pry msmun ('in edilor

up rt. jf' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . mike cllis

‘ . . . . . . . . , . . _ , Ju- dem photography editor

. . . . . . . . . . ..iacksundcrs -~.--~----Aricl|ivcnon

The Albany Student Prom editorial office ll located in Campus Center 326
of the Stun Univarsily of New York at Albany. Telephones no 467-2190
and 2194. The ASP was founded in 1916 by the Class of lailland ll funded
by student tax.

Communication: are llmltnd to 300 words and are whloct to odltlnq.
Editorial pulley ls dotmnlnod by the Edltor-lncnlﬂ.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

Communicat'ons

Library Fines

Dear Mr. Ashton:

I'm sorry I missed your Tuesday meeting on the
new library fines. In brief all I want to ask is:
doesn't the administration ever learn? Your penalty
system for non payment is as related to the
problems of overdue books as the parking ﬁne
enforcean was to parking-students are preventch
from registering; faculty get slapped on the wrist.

There is only one acceptable enforcement system
to get people to pny library fines-withdraw their
library privileges.

Yours truly,
Michael Lampcrt
Vice President
Student Aasocintion

Tax Question

To the Editor:

This Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday we will all
be givun the chalice to choose belwoen a voluntary
student fee and athletic fee and a mandatory
student fee and athletic fee. Many people are
making last minute pleas because it is obvious that
many groups will have their budgets cut if the
mudatory fee is not approved. Such nppeuls tend to
be based on emotional levels and often lack any
significant justification.

For the past few yours mandatory tux on this
campus has been used to fund may groups. clubs.
media. and athletic events. However, u voluntary tux
is estimated to result in only 60% of the student
body paying the tax which will of course result in
cutbacks in many areas. Yet is this necessarily bad?
It seems to me that if th‘.‘ athletic program. for
exumplc, needs a great deal more money, then the
students should decide they want to give that money
and if they do they should pay the fee. The same
holds true of every other organization that student
association funds. if the a-ociation is funding

   
 
 

  

EBBlE THE EEP

HOWDY, NEPHEWJ/
I'M Its/is Fall
PARENT '

YEYSUH

   
   
 

  
 

IS THE
5 [ALA

’IT‘LL SR ,

ran’ m1 ear OF MINE “.565

man A YEAR OF (otLEGE_

MAS DONE F0 HIM! WHERE
row 9

groups which the student body believe in then in
order for those groups to continue operating the
students will have to make up their mind: whether
or not they want to fund these groups in the future
through their student tax.

I stand bitterly opposed to a mandatory tax. Why
should anyone on this campus be coerced into
paying a madatory fee regardless of whether he
enjoys the programs or'thinks the student govern-
ment is right or wrong.‘ it should be obvious to all of
us that if we want more concerts, a better radio
station and newspaper. better clubs (ski club, concert
board“ international students club. biology club,
etc,). and it better athletic program than we must all
contribute to these organizations through the stu-
dent tax. But coercing these fees through a manda-
tory tax isa preposterous way to run an organ-
ization. If students on this campus don't want to
support. the activities which the student association
funds then they should not fund them. It is not the
job of the student government to mandate how
much each student must pay— but it is the job of
the students to decide if they wish to support the
programs or not.

Very simply. a voluntary tux places the burden of
success of next year's programs upon the students
themselves rather than in some form of coersion.

Duvid Neufeld

 

Be sure to pick up your copy of
Kick-In-The-ASP
for 10¢ this Saturday at State Fair.

Proceeds go to

International Students Fund.

 

 

 

  

    
      
      
   

 
  

 
   
  

' ELL, CATS, I'M c FMM A

E “5 “"5 m our mom/o worm/muc-
m WASHINGTON/READY To SETTL
ACCOUN’N WITH FIRST TRllff

     

 

    

 

    
 

[N I‘lL
AltoUND.

  

 

 

 

 

 
   
  
 

MID—ME) F

To coMMUNntATEI-
AND “T 2 measures
I TAKE ‘ WNILH 06A); NEVER
WITH oMMumsr
revownon...

'méA nouns sin:

     

     
   

 

 

 

 

