 

 

‘ “GE” "  '  ' "  a moratorium;

 

 

 

*‘er-ﬂ".

>.  .—
l m: . c’ c» “ "a r _ o~
~~——— . »~-.....  -

. . ,

TWA Introduces etay

Sometimes the best part of going to school
is getting away.
Getaway is not just going
home, it’s going somewhere new

indvdoing something different, so

 

 

Youth Passport cardi‘lt gets you
331/37! off domestic flights, on a
' standby basis, plus reduced
com send In the coupon and let rates at most places where
us send you our free » Bot. you’ll be staying
Getaway Vacation Kit.   ‘ And then there’sITWA’s
The kit has a book covering free Getaway Card.

With it, you can charge airfare,

hotels, cars, meals, just about

everything. And then take up

. s..- __ to two ‘ c

19 of the world’s great cities. Mad/iiirtbhteodbhy' on for TWA’
it has three brochures, one free Getaway Vacation Kit 5

on America, one on Europe, and And find out how easy

:23 pgcyfiifcrlca, Asia, the Orient getting away really is.

'  it has the
independent Getaway
Brochure. For people
who want to

     

    

TWA’s Getaway Program
U.S.A./Europe/Asia/Pacific/Africa

:rw/x, PO. Box 465, Farmlngdalc, NY. 11735 i .
ll lease send me TWA's free Getaway Vacation Kit. rw‘

 
   

 
   

  

“.wspassoAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1971

 

by .l. S. Flavin
An ASP Interview

“College Presidents are always on a probationary
period. They can be dropped any time the Board of
Turstees loses faith. The President is the only man
on the staff without tenure."

Dr. Allan Kuusisto, former acting president at
SUNYA, has been found alive and well. Kuusisto is
now President of Hobart and William Smith Colleges
in Geneva, New York, a man without tenure.

“I didn't put myself up for the job of president at
Albany, and I intended to remain as a vice
-president. In November (1968) came the first offer
from Hobart. I decided to take the president‘s job in
January." This was all before the trouble started in
the spring. Albany had demonstrations rind a strike;
Hobart had an undercover agent, Thomas “Tommy
the Traveller” Tongyai.

“My worst nights at Albany were during the Gerry
Wagner episode and Kent State and Cambodian
invasion. 1 operated on a basis of concensus between
the Vice Presidents and myself. I resolved dif-
ferences between the administration and the Central
Office (Thurlow Terrace Complex) on issues of
budget, new positions to be created, special salaries,
key administrative appointments, some personnel,
but not Wagner, that was a local issue. Mrs.
Kathleen Kendall, RPA chairman recommended
non-renewal of Gerry Wagner's contract; Dean
Perimutter issued a statement (based on his study of

    

Former Acting Presrdenr Allan huusrsto remembers scenes like last
spring‘s Federal Building sit-in as some of the hardest days of his
Albany Administration.

     
 

     

      
  
 
   

rang r, NC AUDIE'NLE lit rut "WK

lit—(May u' e wouERlNG w v _ .
MEATS eater-vie TELETHON '71 NM BM M?“ mfg?» By
M rue cAMPllr cENTER  WE EL 55 “"X F'MDAY

T’ L l

£74m] A'Ninhii‘Tr KW avw no? i L EB.“ "mu 7PM

SATURDAYJEB. 2
f'l ‘5
m, V

 
 
   
    
  

  

     
 

  

 

 

\. I
a 4,
.Ir a '

{ii-at

i
',.v

 

  
  

 

 

 

i

|

r l

travel by themselves. iw£’*“‘* _ “‘m’ ’ i
 if you’re between 12 and iAddm” ‘ s -' E
“1% 'J.”/“ . T' W_V’<_ if“,
new  _ 21, we can give you our  5‘99?- - ~~ m l
—— _ __ee.ew._eue.e ..  Trivial

‘Aplrlu alum tm- $l (ltl

 

BUllITT

BUllITT
BUllITR

BUllITT

457-8583

TOWER EAST CINEMA
7:30 & 10 PM

Fri. and Sat, Feb. 26. 27
in LC l8

 

Kuusﬁsto Remembers

 

ALBANY STUDENT mass

the situtation) that Mr. Wagner’s contract could be
renewed for one year as a lecturer. After my
statement on Vice President O’Reilly’s recommen-
dation not to rehire Wagner, students assembled on
the podium and in disgust some of the more raucous
bitterly heaved rocks.

I After Kent and Jackson State and the “allied”
invasion of Cambodia, the mood of the student
body became more volatile. With large demonstra-
tions, firebombings, and the possibility of police-
student confrontations looming, “I decided to close
the school. There was no dissension among the
vice-presidents on the question of safety. We were
worried about the possibility of loss of life. How-
ever, the Central Office (Chancellor's office ~
Thurlow Terrace Complex) said no unit could close.
The Central Office compelled Buffalo State the one
state school that closed to reopen. We couldn't close
the buildings, so we decided upon a ﬂexible
arrangement by letting each class determine the
approach to make up class work: some classes
dismissed, others met, and there were many options
on grading."

Dr. Kuusisto also reflected on the William Kunst-
ler lecture. “Administrative fin! is the power of the
administration to make decision on its own without
consulting other divisions in the unit or the option
of the president to ultimately decide and reach his
own decision when there is endless discussion in the
cabinet," - instances would be to close during a
snowstorm or call police on campus. Student groups
sponsoring Kunstlcr's speech demanded the gym.
Other student groups had the gym reserved and
Kuusller could speak there only when those who
had reservr-d the gym waived their righls. “The
tat-lies ule against Vice President 'l‘hornc were
symptomatic of the pressurr on us last spring." Al
Hobart, Herbert Marcusu spoke last full, "There was
a storm in town as in Albany when Kunsller came.
People were calling on me to cancel the engagement.
Marcusc spoke to a tremendous crowd. In both
instances we came out fortunate; brash acts by
administration, students or police could bar > meant
disaster,”

“The role of security," at most college campuses,
“has been l.:I(litionally that of watchmen for fires
and burgularies, but with the rise in muggings
between lownies and students, and on campus
disruption, there has to be a strengthening or
increase of the security force." Hobart, and Albany
have both hired new heads of security. Hobart, and
many other campuses, suffer from “bad town
relationships. The schools are isolated from the
H many bad

' ' ' ' - le
mmuniiii-s Last year s actions have
CU . .

  

If the phone doesn't ring, could
be that not enough people know
you're there. When you've got a
service to sell, you can count on
newspaper advertising to make

that phone ring. . . and ring . . .

 

and ring . . . because newspaper
advertising really gets the mes-
sage ucross. (heck with our Dis-

play Advsriising Department.

silent phone?

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
457—2190

    

...raaenberg

memories. The Grand Jury indictments, Tommy the
Traveler, and the trial have had a sobering effect.”
and the fall has been a time of reflections.

Commenting on the trials and student activism
across the country. Kuusisto noted “a pattern to the
indictments. They tend to exonerate the establish-
emtn and prosecute the leftists."

Definitely relaxed and poised as President of
Hobart and William Smith Colleges, Kuuaisto has
“more leeway to determine his own fate. I'm not in
an elaborate bureaucratic agency dependent upon
other offices for guidelines, policy and budgets."
However, in a private school “we are in a financially
more difficult situation. We can’t call on the state
treasury like a public institution. We are dependent
upon gifts and tuition fees.“

With alumnus gifts and applications down from
previous years because of adverse publicity con-
cerning the activities of an untrained undercover
agent, Thomas Tongai. and his late night raid and
subsequent student disturbances, balancing the
budget at Hobart and many other small private
colleges may consume increasing amounts of the
president's time. Though Hobart was acquitted of
“recklessly tolerating coercive conduct" approxi-
mately 300 applications in and an admittance
schedule calling for 500 new students, Hobart
College is not able to call upon the state offers for
support.

Dr. Kuusisto recalled his year its acting presdient
at Albany as a “turbulent‘ but exciting year. Hobart
is a small place, the people are friendlier. we are like
one big family. Albany is getting too big."

     
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
   
    
    

NEWSPAPER ADVERTISING
TELLS PERPLE WHERE. . . AS
WELL AS WHRT. . . Til Bill

., ,u g,
‘.“”*"—r.‘;.*, 

 

