i

 

.. w h:

 

 

 

PAGE 8

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1 Library Improvement

by Bonnie liauth

Recently, there has been much
criticism of Albany State's library.
Canvassing the campus in order to
discover the more prominent com-
plaints, it was found that there are
four main problems. During an
interview with Mr. Jonathan
Ashton, director of the library, he
disclosed what is being done
about these issues.

The Albany State library pre-
sently consists of 650,000 books.
There are plans for the library to
be extended to 1,750,000 books
by 1980, which, according to Mr.
Ashton, is probable. He noted
that considering the amount of
money that has been appropriated
to the library each year thus far,
the plans are likely to be fulfilled.
The library’s present stock is sup-
plemented through the Inter
~Library Loan program as a result
of the State Library Act. By
means of this program one can
take advantage of books at other
libraries. After filling out a card in
our library, the book is picked up
and delivered in one day.

Disorganization

Much criticism has been made
about the disorder in the library.
According to Mr. Ashton, when
the stacks are read, about 50% of
the books are out of place. How-
ever, no inventory has been taken
this year at all. There is not
enough staff at the library to keep
it organized. When asked about
enlarging the number of staff

Unlikely

members, Mr. Ashton explained
that the library funds have been
cut, eliminating any chances of
staff expansion. In addition, to
cut down on library spending,
open positions in cases where
people have left theirjobs, are left
vacant. Presently there are 58
librarians.

Mr. Ashton blames the students
for most of the library’s disorder,
claiming that “when students re-
turn the books to the shelves,
they hardly ever put them back
where they belong.” He added
that the open-stack policy, where
students have free access to the
stacks, promotes a disorganized
library as well.

Damage To Books And Theft

Another widely agreed upon
problem of Albany State‘s library
is the extensive damage to books,
pamphlets, and magazines, as well
as theft. As far as damage to the
book supply goes, Mr. Ashton said
that there is no way he can think
of to put an end to it except
through the students' more care-
ful use of books. He continued to
say that in order to efficiently
relieve this problem, he would
“have to have a staff member for
every person using the library,“
which would, of course, be impos-
sible.

In striving to find a solution to
control the theft of books, plans
for a separate area in the base-
ment of the library in which to
keep the bound and current peri~
odicals are under serious consid-

ABORTION
QUESTIONS?

ll you, or a lrisnd, are seeking an abortion. the
Women's Pavilion Inc. can hslp you.

Call us now (collect. it you wish) and one ol our
dsdlcatsd stall will answer your questions about
placarnsnt In accreditsd Hospitals and

Clinics in Maui York City at low cost.

It is advisabls to call us as soon as possible altar you
laam you are pregnant. In many cases. the cost

can be very low, and you can arrive in New York City
in the morning and be on your way home that evening.
Wa can also hst you with airplane and other
transportation arrsngsmsnts.

IF YOU NEED SOMEBODY TO TALK TO, CALL US ANYTIME
AT (212) 311-8670 or (2l2) 159-6810

AVAILABLE  DAYS A WEEK

/ STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

WOMEN’S PAVILION INC,

515 Madison Avenue

 

New York, N.V. 10022

Kick-in-the-ASP

wgnts you!

(your advertising, that is)

This annual farce will be published on May Isl and
we’d like you to advertise in it.

The nature of this paper is satirical and we’d like
the ads to have a humorous tone.

Ads for this issue are limited to on-campus groups
or individuals. The rate, for this issue only, will
be $1.50 per column inch.

To submit ads or for more information, contact
Jeff or Dan in the ASP office, CC 334; or give

us a call at 457—2190.

 

eration. As far as further deter-
rence of theft goes, Mr. Ashton
explained that this building was
probably not constructed with the
idea of it being used as a library.
"It was comtnwted just like all of
the other buildings on campus,
and it has far too many doors and
emergency exits for it to be a
secure library." He added that he
will just have to depend upon the
honor system.

Length Of Time To Borrow Books

Presently a student is permitted
to borrow a book from the library
for a month, and the faculty
members are allowed an unlimited
amount of time to keep books
taken from the library. Mr.
Ashton agreed with the popular
complaint that this is an overly
extensive period of time for books
to be held by a single user. A
faster turn-over of books would
enable students and faculty to
make better use of the library's
stock. The Senate Library Coun-
oil, for which Dr. Frank,(from the
Language Department), is chair-
man, is working on a suggestion
for shortening the time allowed
for borrowing books from the
library, and will present this sug-

The ‘Wyoming

 

 

 
 

FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1971

Jonathan Ashton, Library director, blamed students for much of the

disorder.

gestion in a meeting with Mr.
Ashton sometime this month.

Penalty For Overdue Books

The penalty for overdue books
at the Albany State library is two
cents per day. Mr. Ashton noted
that if a book is returned four
days after it is due, it is not even
feasible to spend six cents postage
on a notice to the borrower, or to
supply the staff in order to write

Project’

 

---soIomon

out and mail these notices, with
the possible result of collecting
eight cents. From the point of
view of many students, a higher
penalty for overdue books would
hasten irresponsible borrowers,
and make more of the library's
books available to a larger number
of people. The Senate Library
Council is also working on a sug—
gestion for a raise in the penalty
for the late return of books.

Striving for a ModelSociety

STONY BROOK. N.Y. (CPS)'
Imagine, there are really people
who think they can actually rc-
order onc of the 50 states in order
to set up a responsive, free so-
ciety. The meeting for recruits for
the Wyoming Project was at-
tended by about 20 people, rang-
ing from leaders of the Free Com-
munity to Gay Lib. And they
were ready to go. Right now.

Some had come expecting to be
presented with thtl grand plans of
“How to Restructure Society."
Instead, a small prospectus was
presented which sounded more
like “Sailc the Mayl'lowcrc to the
New Lande and Survive," than a
revolutionary, utopian, immediate
take-over by the Woodstock Na-
tion of the Free State of Wyom-
ing. The recommended course was
the slow assimilation of natives
into the Beautiful Lil'c—l'ri-c from
ecological worry, educationally in-

novative, with total justice for all.
Above all, the new state of
Wyoming was to permit the free-
dom to be an individual without
harassment. But recruits were rc-
mindcd, the plan must go slow-
ly—infiltrate—turn the natives
aroung’don't rip off and no
trashing.

The idea for a large scale alterna-
tive to the mode of living that
straight take for granted and call
“the way of life" began about six
months ago at the Stony Brook
branch of the State University of
New York on Long Island. After
graduate student Vince Arbor
brought up the idea, his friends
mentioned it around. After a few
monle rumination, the idea
didn't seem so far out; the Stony
Brook people gave the idea a
name, “The Wyoming Project,“
and began to move.

First they had to find something

 

66 11'
9'0"]

 

 

llqirolgmu.
it ve r  ‘
1%le Humppe

and lint] (rm' happimm

RATED X

Friday and Saturday

at 7:30 81. 10 PM LC-l

$1.00 with tax. 1.25 without

sponsored by the Commuters Club

MERKIN

 

.) u

 

 

out about Wyoming. There were
already communes and from:
schools in Colorado and Montana,
but nothing much was happening
in Wyoming. Last summer three
Eustcrncrs went West to have a
lookAand they liked what they
saw. The state had lots of room
and only 330,000 people, or
about 3 people for every square
mile of land. Of those 330,000
people, only about 190,000 were
registered voters. Wyoming has
beautiful country—mountains,
deserts, farming lands—and the air
is clean. The US. government
owns 30 percent of the land, but
every year it sells several thousand
acres at reasonable prices.

The rationale for the Wyoming
project is "that if you can find a
pretty nrca of thc country that a
lol of people would be interested
in going to, and if you have a state
which has a relatively small popue
lation...and if you can find that
kind of slate and you get people
to mch to it...Who knows, it
might lake alioul 200,000 pcoplc
in order to swing the majority of
votcrs...(nnd lhal's if none of (lll'
currcnt Wyomingians will haw
anything to do with tho ncw
settlers), then with a rclativcly
small proportion of [he currvnl
disenchanted citizens of America
you could set up a model politi-
cal, cconomic and social entity
within the United States which
just might rediscover those old
cliches of freedom and justice for
all.H

liighl now the Wyoming project
is concerned with such problems
as publicity, gathering informa-
tion on bread and board, setting
up communications, and analyz-
ing the reactions of the state and
a large influx of non-straight im-
migrants. A centcr is being es-
tablishod in Laramie. Write to
Wyoming Project, Room 207
Stony Brook Union, SUNY,
Stony Brook, N.Y. 1 I700.

  

 

l
l

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

 

any Student Press

Vol. I._Vlll No. 23

State University of New Yorlt at Albany

 

She opened her arms and everything was pure and peaceful again.

Rocky’s Budget May Be Cut
to $700 Million

UP

---polsl.'owslri

Welfare and Education Hurt

Republicans controlling lhc legislature‘s fixcal
committees were reporter] Sunday lo hare reached
tentatch agreement. on economy cuts ranging be-
tween $600 million and $700 million in Gov.
Rockel'cllcr's proposed budget.

The accord represents a blending of approaches
dcvclopcd independently by the Senate Finance
Committee and Assembly Ways and Means Commit-
tee. They merged their findings in a series of
conferences that extended into the weekend.

Their recommendations now will be presented to
closed meetings of the Republican majority blocs of
the Senate and Assembly, with a view toward
obtaining a final agreement by the end of this week.

Sinco their main object is to cut back the tax
increases that Gov. Rockefeller is seeking, the
legislators also must make decisions on which levies
can and should be deleted or revised downward.

It was reported reliably last week that. Rockefeller,
Senate Majority Leader Earl W. Brydgcs and Assem-
bly Speaker l’crry B. Durycu had agrccd to abandon
the proposcd Incri-nsc in rmrlorrvohiclc rcgislrulion
charges.

Tentative Approval Given

Rockefeller also is willing to back off on his state
income tax-plan-die had recommendcd a 10 percent
surcharge, plus higher brackets for upper-income
lax-payers and elimination of the $12.50 cash
credits that all tax-payers are accorded. Other
budgetvcuttcrs, however, would prefer to delete the
one-cent increase in the sales tax.

The immediate goal of the GOP legislative leader-
ship is to finish the budget—trimming exercise this
week, so that their amended version of the volumin-
ous $8.1l5-billion spending plan can be reprinted
over next weekend. That would make it ready for
passage by the April I start of the state's new fiscal
year.

Both Brydges and Durycu scheduled Monday
conferences of their majority members to begin the
process of hammerng out a final agreement.

The sources said the tentatch plan is to cut $200
million from budget requests for operation of the
state government itself, to slice slightly over $300
million from slalc-aid spcnrlingmmoslly from educa-
tion and welfare programs and about $100 million
from l'unds carmarkcd for statc construction projects.

 

(3.0. Status Swapped 4‘
For Non-MilitaryWork all.

WASHINGTON (AP)

“()IISt' Armed Services (‘ommitlcc Friday.

But a pzu'liamcnlary lnuglc blocked a mch lo triplil President
Nixon‘s promiscd pay misc for those in military service.

The ('ummilloc, marking up a lil7l two-year drall extension lull,
also Vllll'ii down drnl'l ilcl'crmcnls for divinily sludunls and rcjcclcd
Iln- I’n-sidnnl's proposml $3,000 combal enlistment bonus.

(‘omnulli-o Chairman I". Edward llcln-rt, D'Lll., said the commitlcc
should take I'Innl m'luul on llic bill Monday. And lu' prcilii'lcll lhc
million

Vlilt' against Jumping l’rcsidcnl Nixon's $007
proposal to $2.7 billion will lu- reversed.

Ili'iit‘l‘l snnl llu' conscicnlious olijcclor provision would grant lluil
sinus In any man willing to pul in three years of non military service
with no other qualifications such as llu' prcscnl law [hill the (lbjt‘t'lllll'l

lilllni be to all wars.

('onsi‘icnlious objectors now ill't‘ supposed

forces.

(‘onscn'nlious objector status in rclurn for
Ilmw years ol non mililary service was lcnlalivcly approvud by llu-

l.o sI-I'VI- lwo
llulwrl snul lln.‘ llurd your would be in licu of [he four Vl'lll' ri-sci'vc
rcqinrcnn-nl of men who have scrvod two years in tln- aclivc InilIlaI‘v

w;

pay boost

years.

:w M, l a. ‘- c,

L.

Monday. March 22, l'97l

Council Debates
Tax Referendums

by Eric loss

A Council-wide questioning of Mike Glass, Chairman of University
Concert Board, reflected one of the major areas of concern as Central
Council members met last Thursday. The Concert Board's financial
position and its method of talent selection were questioned. Glass,
anticipating the barrage of queries, came well armed with printed
financial reports, and managed to satisfy the inquiring Council
members. Included in his presentation were an explanation of the
short-term nature of negotiation time with performers, the limitations
caused by the 3,000 person capacity gym, and the problems incurred
with suggested joint concert efforts with other schools.

The second major piece of business was the motion proposed by
Steve Villano, RA in Melville-Steinmetz. Villano‘s motion dealt with
the current washing machine controversy in which residents of
Melville-Steinmetz have been accused of tampering with their ma-
chines, and havc consequently been denied proper laundry service by
the machine owners. Villano, as representative of an adamant State
Quad group, was seeking a Council decision which would strongly
recommend that F‘SA, as a private corporation, take action against B
& M Distributors, the company from whom University machines are
leased. After a thorough account of the actual events which led to
this situation was described, Dick Wesley made a proposal which in
short provided for immediate FSA action against B & M. This motion
further stipulated that Mr. Robert Cooley of FSA respond by March
22, 1971. Following discussion, the motion was overwhelmingly
passed.

Treatment of Old Business was commenced with a request by Ken
Stokem for a $500 appropriation to Community Program Commis-
sion. The purpose of these funds was to bring speakers Dave Dellinger,
Abbey Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, and Rennie Davis to Albany. The
motion was hesitantly passed.

Next discussed was the question of holding a referendum on stUdent
tax policy at specified yearly intervals. Dave Ncufeld volunteered a
report by the Chancellor stating tht a referendum this year was a
must. The major point of contention seemed to be how often the
referendum should take place in the future. Arguments centered
about the question of true student voice Versus budgetary process
stability and expedience. Further discussion on the bill was deferred
to the April 1 meeting pending the Chancellor's final report.

At this point, Jeff Wasserman broached the question of considering
possible alternatiVes to the newly accepted Student Association
constitution. Discussion on this matter'led to a motion by Mike
Lampert, Vice-President of Student Association, suggesting that this
problem be referred to a committee chaired by Wasserman. An
apparent chain of misunderstandings ensued which resulted in the
resignation of Jeff Wasserman.

The feeling that the entire scene was most unfortunate appeared to
be consensual. This attitude was translated into a Lampert motion
whereby the Council would refuse to accept Wasscrman's resignation.
This motion was easily passed, and discussion on the constitution
problem was postponed until next meeting at which more time will be
afforded to it.

Dave Peck then inserted a motion asking Council to support an
interdisciplinary major program. An amended version of the original
proposal was passed after short deliberation.

    

Nature u wakes from winter's slumber as she sheds licr nuiiitle white.

mellow

 

