 

. A -N..._mri.,.~—Mw..-«M

u ,, «mp-.aaﬂu

i'
l
i
l
i

 

 
 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1.7, 1971

 

 
 

 

Workshop
The Sam Faces

An ASP Column
by John Fairhall

Ken Kurzweil rightfully called
the Judicial Workshop a success.
Much was discussed and pros-
pects for an effective judicial
system appear good.

But let’s highlight, for a mo-
ment, those who made the
Workshop a success. it was mo-
tivated by students, people such
as Ken Kurzweil, Ken Blaisdell,
Alan Ccppos, Barry Kirschncr,
Michele Mazepa, Mario Arthur
and Sharon Stiller (with apolo-
gies to any unmentioned). Many
of those cited are members of
campus judicial bodies and it
was they who knew ﬁrst-hand
the defects in our current judi-
cial setup. Let's extend to them
our congratulations, then.

But please, please, do not call
the Workshop a student success.
For as so often seems the case
at Albany State, student action
is not collective but the result
of a few. The Workshop was
publicized and quite open, but
as usual, no one came but the
regulars. For those ignorant.
“the regulars" refers to that
tiny group that is already in-
volved in student government.

The regulars had more than
themselves to talk to, though, as
the Workshop was attended by
a veritable Who‘s Who of the
Administration. Chesin, Cori-
nally, Brown, Williams, Theme,
and even John Henighan partici-
pated. President Benezet him-
self addressed one meeting. So
at least "They" came.

Judging from the caliber of
the people involved, then, i do
not feel that the Workshop's
representation—or its mandate‘
to act for all of us- can be
questioned. This problem was
raised during the weekend, how-
ever, due to the under~
representation of “rank-and
file" students and, most import-
ant, ofminority group students,
Why they weren't there is a
moot question, but i do know
that the judicial system that
develops will affect them.

i won‘t indulge in any diatribe
on student apathy. But i do
believe that, when future “stu-
dcnt" actions develop and are
discussed, the names of those
students really involved should
be made clear. This should not,
.rnfortunately, involve more
than a few extra line».

FIRST I ’D LIKE ‘m THANK ALL You CONCERNED
STUDENTS WHO CAME To THIS {Eff/ON 0F
Jt/D/(ML WokaHoP. AND NOW:

    
 
  

HERE ' COME DE J'UDGE .’

  

 

I ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

The Campus Cop

by Dick Blystone

Associated Press Wrilcr

On some police forces, 64 ycar-old Jim Eisenbcrg would be
called an anachronism. He doesn't like wearing a gun and would
rather walk than ridc a patrol car.

On some police forces, 25-year-old Jim Davis would be called a
radical. He enjoys talking with young rebels on his boat, rind he
keeps saying policemen should explain to people why they do
what they do.

in fact, both Sgt. James P. Eisenberg and Officer James W. Davis
combined somcthing of the anachronistic and something of thc
radical. They are campus cops — Eisenbcrg a ﬁlo-year veteran at
Cornell and Davis a two-year man at Berkeley. They have learned
to wear their ambiguities as easily as their uniforms.

Likc their colleagues at colleges ath universities across thLI
country, Davis and Eisenbcrg are both campus guides and
professional crime fighters, both friends to the students and
symbols of authority whcrc authority is often liciitcd,

it was not always so,

“it was like heaven to start out with, says Eiscnbcrg, recalling
when as Cornell's only campus cop hc patrolled on foot or
horseback,

“Thcy were just a good bunch of mischievous kids, but lhcy
were never trouble. it was fun.

“Oh, you might meet a guy peeking in a window, or some of
them would throw toilet paper out of the dorm windows...a littlc
bit of thievery and some noise calls. Sometimes one of tlicm
would have one too many and l'd takc him homc or call some of
his fraternity brothers.

“l was issued a weapon, but i never carricd it. l still won't unlcss
it’s absolutely necessary."

In the old days when things got out of hand, lCiscnberg drew on
his experience as a civilinii Conservation Corps boxing coach.
When the dust had settled, “the next minutc you were back
buddies again and having a fcw beers together."

Davis never knew such days. He carries a pistol and a can of
chemical Mace on his daytime patrol of Bcrkclcy's Sproul Plillll,
which has witnesle its share of tear gas and flying rocks.

The wcapons comc up often in the conversations with young
people that are a major part of Davis' job. Wlicrc lCiscnbcrg once
could employ a brotherly right hook, Davis has to cxcrt'isc
diplomacy.

"'l‘licy'Vc got to undcrsland that why I‘m lhcrc is not to harass
them but to do a job," Davis explains.

The Berkeley campus recorded one rope, I! I‘lll)l)l't'lt'$, ll'l
burglaries and l,‘12‘l thefts in ltl7t) despite a it) per ccnl drop
in crimes. lts H7 sworn officers are about tltHlbll' lllt' force
of three years ago.

:1

 

 

 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
IBM Selectric Typewriter
Experienced in all types of
Doctoral Dissertations
Fast, Dependable Semen
Reasonable Rates
I “16283 Day or Evonl

Campus Center
Dry Mounting Service

PHOTOS, SERIGRAPHS,
LITHOGRAPHS, POSTERS, ETC.

Expertly Dry Mounted

8 DAY SERVICE—LOW RATES

Contact: K. Blutsdoll or D. Riley
457-7597
In Campus Center 361

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 12

LUDICIAL
WORKSHOP

by John Fairhsll

Hacking your way through a jungle may not sound like fun,
but that is exactly what the Judicial Workshop did this past
weekend.

Participating Faculty, students, and administrators struggled
to deﬁne the "jungle" of relationships that constitute our
University community. Their goal was to provide a basis for
an effective judicial system at Albany State.

The compelling need for something better than our present
system is evidenced by the rapid increase of crime on campus.
The system as it stands does not clearly state several
guidelines, including:

1) who may report a crime;

2) to whom a crime should be reported (Le, a particular
judicial body or person);

3) where, once reported, a case should be heard; and

4) upon conviction, what punishment should follow, with
what particular avenues of appeal.

Several members of the workshop felt that victims of crimes
are often intimidated into silence, and attributed this to a
lack of faith in the system. The frequent lack of prompt
action in handling crimes was also cited as encouraging
students to remain silent or bypass the campus system in
favor of the civil courts.

Workshop members reached general agreement HS 10 “10
jurisdiction of a Campus Syswmi H “ms run that m"
community has a right to set standards for and judge the
behavior of its members. Concensus was not reached as to
what people and what geographic area make up our commun‘
ity, bill it was agreed that a judicial system should deal with
all areas that are of “community interest." Jurisdiction
should extend to problems that occur between members of
different campus groups: students, faculty, administrators
and staff.

Other areas of agreement were:

“the need to use civil courts as little as possible

"the need fora community code of conduct

—-thc need to avoid duplication of the civil court system on
campus

“the right of the campus judicial system to hold hearings on
student cases already pending in civil court

The important work of the Workshop was its full explor»
ation of the judicial problem on campus. Livoly dialogue
produced as many innovative suggestions as there were poian
of View. Certain ideas seemed to constantly crop up, though:
that a campus grand jury be instituted, that a full-time legal
advisor be hired, and that Security deal mainly with crimes
involving victims, not property-damage crimes.

All seemed to agree that the role of the campus “peace
officer" needs a new definition, However, there was consider-
able debate as to the type of investigative service required.
Debate also centered on the power that campus judicial
bodies should have, with many feeling that they should be
empowered to summon any person necessary to hear a
particular cas'c.

Studenl‘conducl records were discussed, one suggestion
being that they not be used in judging guilt but. rather in
'l “terminng the sentences ofconvicted offenders.

Much remains to be decided upon, and this will l)c the
work of the Steering Committee. Workshop Chairman Ken
Kurzwoil callch the discussions a success, and they were, but
this docs not belittle the responsibility that the Steering

Coininittcc must exercise in upcomiiigweeks.

The committee numbers about thirteen persons, including
studcnls, faculty, and administrators. Kurzwcil hopes to see a
program developed and, in some degree, implcnu-nlcd, before
he graduades in June.

The committee has a great rival to work with bccausc of this
last Wl‘t'ltt'llfl, but seeks additional comment from all corners
of the campus. Any information and opinion can bc
submillctl lo the committee throuin l(ur‘/.Weil.

  
   
     

 
 

[fringing l'on I/ii' Itcxl t‘t)N'I‘/u‘illl’()Ir/t It Y

,lll/Slt" ../:n/cr/i/innii'/II'.. I).:l.\‘('/.\'t/’ .... ..

The RICE PADDY
43 FULLER HOAD $1.50 ADMISSION
* " *I'It IzlS'Ii'N'I'ING " "

“Ute SNAKE”

*Proof of Age
Required on ALL Admissions

 

  
 

 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
    
  
 

 
  
 
 
 

  

    

"a

  

 

 

 

 

4 .i..~w<a—r —Fv...w m.“ ~W...._..___ _,__, g

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Sluden

Vol. lVlll No. ll

 
   

State University of New York at Albanu

Rocky’s Proposed Budget

Draws Varied Criticism

ALBANY, NY. AP — Governor Rockefeller
spelled out Wednesday the details of his proposal to
increase state revenue by $16.5 million in the new
fiscal year through higher fees for a vast array of
licenses, permits, examinations and registrations.

The largest group that would be hit with higher
levies would be the estimated 1.8 million persons
who obtain hunting, fishing and trapping licenses.
They would pay twice as much after May 1, when
the total package of increased charges would take
effect.

The governor proposed the changes as part of his
plan to balance the 1971-72 state budget, which
would raise spending by about $1.5 billion.

Rockefeller said the fees charged for a wide
variety of special services haVe not been hiked since
the 1930's. He added that adjustments are needed
to keep pace with inflation.

Witnesses Unhappy with Budget

Witnesses were unified in their unhappiness with
Gov. Rockefellcr‘s proposed $8.45 billion budget
Wednesday as the legislature's fiscal committees
opened formal budget hearings.

The reasons for their dissatisfaction Were quite
different, however, as the testimony cheloped.

The budget plan does not provide enough money
for education, said spokesmen for the State
Teachers Association, State School Boards Associa-
tion and lhc Council of School District Administrat-
ors.

'l‘hc budgcl plan provides too much for education,
said spokesmen for the Conservative party and thc
Cili'l.cns l’uhlic l‘ixpt'mlillll’c Survuy lnc.

The Big Six mayors John V. Lindsay of New
York (lily, Frank Scdita of Buffalo, All'rcd l.)i-l
licllo of Yonkcrs, l.cc Alcxandcr of Syracusc, and
l'iraslns Corning ‘Jnd of Albany warm-d of fiscal
chaos in lbcii' cilics unlcss more Slillt' aid is
l‘orllu-oining.

’l‘lic (‘unscrvalch party spokesman wanted lln-
slalc lo stay out of local affairs.

Various wr-Il'arc groups and community oi'g;riii/.ii~
lions sought morc money for wclfarc rccipicnts.
Olin-rs said wclfarc grants ought to bc rcduccd,

'l‘bc licarings chncsday Wci‘c (ii-volcd to the slalc
aid to localilics rccommcndalions in the budgcl. On
'l‘liursday, they take up lllt' government operations
and lllt‘ construction portions of the budget.

Similar budch hearings were conducted simu|~
litlll‘tHlSly in Buffalo and New York (3in. Little
olbcr legislatch lillslnt'ss was conducted.

The Assembly lll"l briefly Wednesday but put off
any :iclivrly until Monday in dcl'crcncc to Scnaloi'
Edward J, Spcno, Rep-East Meadow, who (ill'tl
carlicr in thc day. The Sciialc rcccsscd 'l‘ucsday for
the rest of the week.

Usually, the first day of budget hearings is the
so-cnllcd spender's day when more money is sought
from the state. The second day generally is the
saver’s day, and the time when speakers urge
cutbacks in state spending.

This year, reflecting Rockefeller‘s proposals for a
$1.1 billion tax increase, the protests creeped into
the first day of hearings.

The taxpayers, said Edward F. Leonard of the
Conservative party, are “being bricked up against the
wall....Gentlemen, something has got to give—either
the backs of the taxpayers or the impetus behind
ever increasing state spending."

According to the Big Six mayors, “The proposed
state budget.,.includes hidden local tax increases for

virtually every local government as an inevitable
consequence of inadequate local assistance."

They asked state payment of costs mandated on
localities, greater aid to education, state takeover of
welfare payments, financial support to police
departments and compensation for property ex-
empted from local property taxes.

“People‘s Protest Thursday"

Dozens of placardcarrying people lrom across the
state came to complain about the Governor's budget
on Thursday.

inside the State Eduualion Building, in Chancel»
lor‘s llall, dozens of placard-carrying malrons
crowded into seats to listen to a stream of witncsses
complaining about the governor's budget plan.

They applaudcd when a spokesman for the Empire
State Cliambcr of Commerce warned that the
taxpayer was bccomcing an "cndangercd spl‘t'ics."
’l‘lu-y scowlcd at demands for more moncy for
Wclfarc and other state programs.

'l'licir complaints wcrc (lii'cclcd at mcmbci's of the
lcgislalurc's fiscal committees, who were conducting
lhc second day of public lit‘nl‘iligs on ltnckcfcllcr's
proposed $24 If) billion budget for the fiscal ycar
bcgnining April 1.

Spcakcr al'lcr spcaki-r, most of them businessmen,
complained about tax incri-ascs. “’l‘hc proposcd lax
increases wrll causc many taxpayers to follow Ilic
rule of ‘wr-ar out, use up, make do and do without,"
said John M. Quimby of Sclicncclady, research
director of lhc Citizens l’ublic l'pri-ndilurc Survey
lnc. “Why shouldn't [In-slate follow the same rule?"

Asst-mblyman Arthur 0. lec, l)cm.-l$iiffalo, told
the unfriendly alltlicncc that their (Icinands for
Welfare cuts dcinonslralcd an unfamiliarin with the
problem. He quulcd slalislics that lcss than -lll,tltltl
of llic slatc's |.li million wclfarc population are
considered cmployalilc, with the rest being blind,
tlisahlcd, aged and l.lic supporters of dcpciidciil
children

‘

 

Dr. Robert L. Ketter at his inaugunltion as president of SUNY at Buffalo spoke of the arrogance that
has arisen as a result of “the imposition ufan automatic lecture systc|||,.,,"

--~dc young

. Ailiiiii
1015256

NEW vo‘iii'iiiir
Busiiirssiiir

FROM

 assassin

Abe pickets tax bearing‘RalplI Spring, a resident of Altamont,
N.Y., and a wood cutter by trade, is dressed as Abe Lincoln as be
pickclcd outside the stale Education Building—the scene of public

hearings on the proposed budget for l97l-72. [All WjI-cplmm]

New Buffalo President
Lecture System ,

Research Attacked

Al’ Compilation

[be new president of the State University at Buffalo
took his fellow educators to task Monday, saying that
aimgancc and fear have led to “serious abuses of
.it'adcniic liccdoin..."

"'llns arrogance," Dr. Robert L. Kctlei said at his
inauguration, “has been manifested in the imposition of
an iiillocralic lcclinc systcln WlllL‘ll too frequently has
denied sludenls Ilic freedom of inquiry which we have
claimed foi ourselves.

"We expected our own conclusions, expounded at
length, to be reunited dutifully at the end of the term.
We have thus displayed in ourselves the closed minds
which we have been so quick to condemn in otlicis.”

KCllL‘l also dcploicd nlial he called laws enacted
spct‘lllt‘zllly In control campus disorders

llc said such laws were "repressive at woisl.and all best
they Wch regressive, for they are certain Io erode the
insiiiiiiioiial aiiloiioiiiy which is a prerequisite for true
academic freedom,"

Kelli-i also said educators spend too much time on
icscarcli and nol enough time on teaching.

Kcitcr said too many cducalors have accepted lighter
coiiisc loads "not in devote more time to individual
sludciils hill to pursue our own interests..."

“()iii offices are more often closed than open to
sludenls,“ he said, “and much of our leaching has been
lcl'l lo the least experienced."
the university, he said, shouldn't reject research, but
said “teaching is primary."

 

  
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
     
  
   
 
   
     
     
    
 
   
  

w.

- .. go‘acgse .4~.A¢...~..A- a .n. .4;
rmbmasyamaam " '  f

1.} 1;

>2. moor-M

    
 
        
           
         
      
      
      
   
       
  
   
   
   
     
 
   
     
   

   
   
    
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
  
   
 
 

  
 

  
    
  
   
    
    

   

