 

i
it
;
ii
i.

W .s as. c

 

~si.

PAGE 4

 

 

ALBth STUDENT PRESS

Communications

Clarification 

To the Editor:

Much confusion has arisen ovur an article
appearing in the January 29 issue of the ASP
concerning the Little Sister Program of the Upsilon
Phi Sigma fraternity. The program was initiated this
semester; any woman affiliated with the uniVersity
and invited by the Brothers is eligible for member-
ship. They can attend any function that an active
Brother can, which include regular fraternity meets
ings. The Little Sisters have no vote, and pay no
dues, but their suggestions are welcome.

At present, the program is under review by
Pan-Hellenic Council, which feels that such a pro-
gram may inhibit sorority rush. In the opinion of
the fraternity, such an inquiry inhibits progress
within the fraternal community. Upsilon Phi Sigma
views this program as beneficial, and will continue
to expand upon this unique idea,

The Brothers of
Upsilon Phi Sigma

Pass or Fail

To the Editor:

I don't know whether anyone noticed, but in her
very objectiVe article about pass-fail (Friday. Jan.
29), News Editor Vicki Zeldin quoted several letters
she had received in reply to her questions about
transfering. Syracuse, Indiana and North Carolina all
told her that pass-fail made it extremely difficult, if
not impossible. to leave Albany and pursue her
career plans elsewhere, My own experiences in
trying to transfer have been equally frustrating,

We, the c ss of 1973, had the passlail system
imposed on us in the middle of our first semester at

 

I‘M AFRMD YOU (UT AW

 
  
       

HREE HOURS FOR A iouSY
MOTH PUP/l! FRUIT NDDlllGMﬁlll

iT': A LIFE - A5 nucu Worm
SAvmo AS Amt]
urrosst

 

,3" mg.“ ,3; a...» u“: .,,

WELL I'LL 52' A Terms m A
L I HE am in /

 

Albany State, At first, we liked the idea of not
having to compete with fellow studean in a mad
rush for grades, but now we can see that the system
is unjust in these practical ways:

1-Pass-fail discriminates against those students
wanting to transfer. The vast majority of universities
across the country, especially those offering spe~
eialized courses of study, such as elementary educa~
tion, will not consider pass-fail grades.

2* Pass-fail discriminates against students who
want to go to graduate school. This will be
especially true if the present system is expanded to
coVer all four years of undergraduate work, as has
been mentioned. The only objective criteria for
admission to graduate school will then be the
Graduate Record Exam, administered by the
College Entrance Examination Board.

it Pass-fail discriminates against students applying
to certain junior-year abroad programs, according to
several students who have tried. In addition, most of
these programs are evaluated without grades, which
would leave the SUNYA students Willi three years
of pa all grades.

Larger questions such as whether pass-fail makes a
Bachelor's degree from Albany State worthless
belong in the debating rooms and conitiitltee cori-
I‘ereiices. The practical question remains. should We,
the students most affected, allow such a system to
continue if it is as harmful to oirr educational and
Vocational futures as the present pass~fail system is
proving to be‘.’ l’r'e-medical students petitioned and
won the right to havr- recorded grades to enable
them to apply to medical school. Should we do the

   

sanie‘.‘

l’ass fail is under continuing review. I hereby
petition the Central Council to conduct a rcferen»
duiii of lliose students now on ptlSS'l'tlll‘dllt‘ classes
of 1972i atiil 1517! 'to evaluate the system and give
the Senate a basis for deciding whether to cotitinuc
It.

I am not urging the Immediate scrapping of
priss'fiiil. I do feel, however, that students should
liaVe a say In this decision, and should the s stem be
continued, be allowed to elect some graded courses.

Joan It. Zuckei'titan '7il

 
   
 
 
   
    

ii

VBBLE .t oar ~—
rg RREAK m2 mt
N 66

 

         

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971

 

     

Editorial Comment

Cold Turkey

Last Wednesday's protest march (ride?) to the State
Capitol proved several things. One was the futility of
such a spontaneous event. especially in a crowd with
mixed feelings. anyway. One had only to attend
some of last Spriiig‘s rallies to understand how
difficult it is to get all to agree on :1 single course of

action.

The other lesson to be learned front the march was
the difficulty of warming up to an invasion in the
middle of winter. At U.B., where the University was
closed because of it heavy snowfall, oiin twenty

protesters showed up.

Physical factors can pl'CVClll any action. The
controversial “sunken gardens“ were completed l1)
the University only after students had left for the
summer. Dick Nixon is equally as Wtsc. Wiltll Dick
doesn‘t rcali/c is that when people can‘t make their
protest heard normally. they resort to less legal
mctliotls. And when such methods fail. by accident
or design. frustration becomes violcncc.

And when the violence comes. as it will come.
pcoplc will wonder why. Why couldn‘t it have been
avriided‘.’ The answer lies in the minds of those who
rule this country. which now finds it so cas} to
invade others. The fault. though. lies with those who

clcctcd him.

 

Happy Valentine '3' I)ay, IIIIU’UI‘ ('oriii‘ng.

 

    
 

 

albany student press

lire /\|li.iiiv Student Press is published tliieo iriiins per week tllllil it 7"
iltrltlt'llllt Vl‘rll ll‘Ili‘IlI tlriiiiiq ii't’t‘ssu‘d IIV tlu! Sillflt‘lll A‘,‘.llt Irilliil‘ i' "
Stali- Uiiiw‘ixlly oi New York at Albany llieis‘irirleoi /\‘.<.iu minor trr- iii 1
to (.‘aiiiiiie, (:l'llli'l 3/16 in Mill) er5.llll|()lti|l Avenue, Allliiliy Net. 1
ljlytlli, Srilw iiiitriiii iiiiie is :59 per viz." til flit) iii-i sortie-.ir-i 'ir'ri lul ‘ ‘.

lllrlllllltl lli'llllll iieirilitiq, Brillstiiu Son, New York.

:t‘tllltll‘rlll rt-liii'l'

tiioinas g, cliiigari
inriiingiiii,l editor t‘.\‘t‘('l(ll[’t' editor
. aralyrin aliare

' ' i ' L‘tll‘tllllllglltN
advertising Illiiliug(.,-

‘ news editor
.chI rodgcrs

 ' ' ' ' '. .' .llt'ltllt'ltllll
assistant advertising manager

llSSllt'llllt‘ Ilt'lUH l‘lllltll'n'
.ro) lL'\\ls
maida oriiiglicr
terry wolf

. . barbaracoopcrnian
business manager
. . .  . .cliuck rihak . . . . . .
technical editors features- editor
.suc seligson
 . . . . danwilliams
associate technical editors

. . .toiiirliodes

. . I. . . warren wisiiart
circulation manager

. , . . . joliii o'grad)
assistant features editor
. . delibie iiiittinsollll
arts editor
. . . . liiida watcrx
associate arts editor
_ sue faulkiier . . , rnicliclc palclla
mod sports editor

. dorotlty phillip

   

grit/fili/clu
. i . i . , . . . . bob Iareiiilia
grep/tits ' columns r'ililor
. . . . . . . pin gutliiian . . . . r ' \inrll
photography t'tllliii' mitt Hm,”- I r I. l
. ricliard tilverson “‘ll“' “H”
The Albany Student Press is found in the
flirted in the Campus Center of the State
ph022:.B'VgZSLoiftabbatween rooms 326 and wherever also is open. Our
mm m was“: v usvicalllng out for load or using the Module, imr rt v0“
"undue", mm 50'“ ""19 Irv 457-2190 or 2194. We are funded bv d
hands w an! tax and a few minor muminm of third graders wrih tlw
c . a are also a member of the Associated Press.
ornrnunications are limited to 300 words of
to editing by the Editor-in-Chaap. prince

back 0' a small tziilrii shop
Universrly of Now Vuik "I

one svllubla and are subject

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT mess

 

 

PAGE 5

 

photos by Chow, Simmons, and Potskowski ..... ..

V'VVVVVVV'VV'VVVVVVV

V
MM hit/(4m V
'V'V'V'V'V'V'V'V'V'V

:ﬂafw (Idaim'ijibu

I live alone.
I! has” 'I tilwiivs been that way.

II '.i‘ Nice .rmnclimei' In open III) the heart a Iilllc

A ml [0! some hurl come in.
II prrivcsyml 're .tlill alive
I 'm not .\'III‘(’ Wlllll it means

Why We cannot shake Il1(‘ old loves from our minds. I

I! must he Ilia! we build on incmor}Y

And make Ilieni more Ilia/i what Ihcy Mere

,Alnd lir the manufacturer
.liirl a safe (lee/cc for closing up the Wall.

I do remember
The only fuzzy circumstance

I r sometimes wliere-nan-lmw.
Why. I (Inn 'I knew.

II happens/'11s! because we need
To want and he wanted, lea,
When hire is here or gone
T0 lie (IUWII in darkness

And listen to the warm.

Happy Valentine's Day
Anaryu and Gallum...
H’ll‘Firiel‘l’lli‘

 

 

 

BRING YOUR
DATE

 

Brad Student Dance
Friday, Feb. 19,1971

Sl with tax card or BAGS $2.50 without
BRUBACHER DINING ROOM
From 9 to l2 I’M

Sponsored by the

Grad Student Association
and Brubacher Adult Students

Band with free beer

 

Entrainment 7

 

 

 

 

 

(v.4

    

 

An epic drama of
adventure and exploration!

   
   

MGM msmu STANLEV KUBRICK PRODUCTION

2001: a space odyssey

Tickets on all for BOTH owning shown It 5:30 PM,” for tho 1
PM show It 12:15 PM outsid- L‘. I!
TONIGHT at 7 8: 10 PMand Tomorrow at l, '7 h 10 PM LC 18
Admission $1.25 or $.75 w/ State Quad Card

  
  

 

. we wxp‘lz

 

