 

is not met.

' ALBANY'STUDENT PRESS

 

Security Ofﬁcers are threatening to march on the Capitol if their request for a “just promotion system"

 

Seninier Planning Conference I971

Conference Assistant Applications are now available in
the Office of Student Life, Campus Center, Room 130.
These positions will involve a time commitment from
june 20 through August 15, I971. Remuneration will
consist of $500, plus room and board for the entire
conference period. Applications must be submitted by
March 23 in order to be considered. Applicants are
encouraged to submit applications as early as possible in
order to expedite the selection procedure. For further
information about Summer Planning Conference, please
contact Mr. Ralph Beisler, Assistant Dean for Student

 

 

 

Life, Campus Center Room 130 (457-6733).
THEATRE

* Tia TOWN mm

[b 1 MILE NORTH OF LAiHAM CIRCLE—RT 9
* Starting FRIDAY francu >t=
1

WEEKDAYS
7:009:00

A great rook-’n-roll
movie about the best
rook-'n-roll band

in the world. 

onumgmunu Prone Syndicnia

SUN 2:30-4:30

FRI‘SAT 3,: s:3oa:3o

The Rolling Stones

GIMME
SHELTER

iium IN! by l).iml M.. ;-. Allil'il M.

 

. l imiloui- («min

USE YOUR STUDENT DISCOUNT CARD

 

by Steve Salant

Security Officers will march on
the Capitol if the Civil Servree
Commission doesn't meet their
demands for a “just system” of
promoting officers. I

Representatives of security
unions from most of the schools
in the S.U.N.Y. system met at a
conference called by Union 82
last weekend in order to unify the
security officers’ gripes against the
new testing policy established by
the Civil Service Commission.

Presently the S.U.N.Y. guards
operate under the title of “Institu-
tional Safety Officers." The
guards have been working for
many years under that title. The
Civil Service Commission has now
created a new position called
"Campus Security Officer." This
new position is on ii higher grade
meliow (12) than the other position (8).
This means higher pay as well as

CD. Draft Deferment
Clarified by Court

WASHINGTONMP) ~— The Supreme Court barred Monday draft
exemptions for men who claim conscientious objections to the
Indochina war but not to all wars.

The 8-1 ruling, based on what Justice Thurgood Marshall called a
straightforward reading of Selective Service law, closes the door on
ltoman CatholiCS who subscribe to the “just war" doctrine as well as
to other selective objectors.

Marshall said they are subject to the draft, however sincere or
religious they may be He said Congress intended to exempt only
persons who oppose participating in all war.

Justice William 0. Douglas dissented. He said the exemption
provision is unconstitutional in that it discriminates in favor of religious
persons and against bumanists and atheists with similar scruples
against war.

The decision upheld the conviction of Guy l’. Gillette, 26, of
Yonkers, N.Y., a si-Il'alcscrihcd humanist who said he would help
defend the country or fight in ii United Nations peace-keeping effort
but not in Vietnam.

Al, the same time, the court ruled against Louis A. Negro, 23, of
Bakersfield, (,‘iilifornia, ii Roman Catholic who was refused a discharge
from the Army. After completing infantry training Negro declared his
participation in the Vietnam war would contradict l‘all that I had
been taught in my religious training.”

Both men said the war is unjust and the court (lid not question their
sincerity.

 

THE MANAGEMENT OF

COSIMO’S RESTAURANT

II64 Western Avenue

warmly thanks you for your patronage and extends
an equally warm invitation to all University clubs and
organizations to discuss your spring banquet and
party plans with us for a “neighborly price".

We are here to serve the faculty, the students, and
their functions —both formal and informal—the very
best way we can.

Call 489-7106 to arrange for an appointment, or stop
in—both at your convenience.

 

Albany State

THANKS AGAIN FOR YOUR PATRONAGE

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1971

‘

Security Threatens
March on Capitol

prestige. Even though the security
guards feel that they are prosen.
tly performing the same services
as stipulated in the new position
the Civil Service Commission wilj
not allow the present staff of
security to be upgraded without
passing another civil service exam,
(All guards take a civil service (esi
when first applying for lhc job.)

The security union's official
opinion was given to [his ri'pm'tt‘r
in the following statement “we
feel that it is degrading to be told
that we will havo to take an exam
to qualify for something we have
been doing for yciirs...\l’i- contend
that we have been performing (lir-
duties of the Grade 12 Campus
Security Officer position right
along and deserve to l)l' upgraded
to that title without taking any
examination."

This reporter talked with one of
the security officers. He said that
for many years he had been faith»
fully performing his services for
the university and now the Civil
Service Commission has arbitrarily
upgraded and changed the title of
the job he performs without ril-
lowing him to inherit that title
and the subsequent upgrading un-
til he takes another i-xam. Since
the test is also the test given to
new applicants, a man applying
may pass the test and receive a
grade 12 position Whllt‘ an older
experienced man (who is sup-
posedly there to break the new
officer in) may fail the test and
remain at grade 8.

Any action on the part of thr-
security officers will await the
result of the hearing with the Civil
Service Commission. The official
statement said (list after the hear-
ing the officers will do one of two
things.

1) Take no aclioii if the tin]
Service Commission grunts llll’ re-
quest (upgrading \viiboui an
exam)

2) If the (Tivil Si-riici- Com-
mission docsii't grant the rl‘qllt’sl,
there will be a peaceful donioir
stration on the steps of the capitol
building on March 22 ill noon

The Officers request and \vclr
come student participation In llll'
cvont of a dcmonstraliini

Buffalo Student
Center Plagued by
Drug Traffic

BUFFALO lAl’)
apparent drug trafficking, [bi-fl,»
and assaults might ll'illl lo llll'
Closing of the Stati- llnivi-rsiu .il
Buffalo student center or its
operation under the SIIIN'I‘VIMUII of
armed guards, the coon-r3 di
rector said Monday

l"l‘hcfts, assaults, appari-iil drug
trafficking and hru‘assniciil .iiiil
threats to students illltl staff .iri-
becoming coninionpliu'ia" mid
James J. (lrubcr, fllfl't'llil‘ ol Nor
ton llall.

"In light of this hilllrliliill in
that we can no longer ginirriiiIi-i-
the safety of students, unit .iml
university gut-sis thi- Nor-ion li.i||
staff feels it is imperative to claw
down the recreation arr-.i miles.»
and until iirmcd securin pi-rwn
nel are provided," (irlllil'l' snlll

Grubcr estimated that ll)”
hard-core drug pusbcrs .inil ion-rs
frequented Norton llnll Ili- Milli
most were “outside llllrutll‘rs and
irresponsible biin school pulillt

The Spectrum, a iiiiiVi-roh
newspaper, reported Monday lliul
at least six robberies, four .ihs.lllll~‘
rind five harassment» iii-curer
nightly in recent Wei-ks.

Dr. Rit'hurd Sigin-liow.
president of student affairs. ml
in a statement he supported 1h"
Norton Hull stii ff demands.

A ii'prn'l of

\lll'l'
iil

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 

Housing Expands
Co-ed Facilities

by Sharon Cohen

Coeducational living at SUNYA
will be expanded next year with
the addition of four more dorms
into the program.

Schuyler Hall on Dutch Quad,
Paine Hall on Colonial Quad. and
Eastman Tower on State Quad
(all currently women‘s dorms) will
go coed beginning next semester.
The arrangement in Schuyler and
Eastman will be men and women
in alternate suites. Paine Hall will
have this arrangement on the first
floor; one of the remaining two
floors will house men, and the
other will house women.

Onondaga-Oneida. 0" llldlim
Quad, will also be a coed dorm. It
will house men and women on
allcrnrilo floors. Along with this,
students living in this ball will be
participating in il program in
which students develop and recog-
nize mori- ri'sprn‘isilﬁllly for them-
selves in all aspects of residence,
including maintenance, security,
and other people gradually li-sscn»
ing llll' responsibility of RA‘s and
dorm directors. 'l‘hcsc sludciils
:lt‘t‘t'pl the responsibility for (bi-
“lotnl i'r-sidr-iici- I’Kpl'l‘II‘IH'I‘.”

l\lc|\‘illi-chinnii-lz, adjoining
balls on State Quad, will continue
their illll‘l'llilll' suili- coeducational
living. h’li‘lVlllO-hll'lllnlt'lI is the
original cor-d residence on the
SllNY campus. Walcrbury, Alden.
and Saylcs balls on Alumni Quad
will remain cor-d by floors.

Six applications were made by
women's residence balls to the
('oinmilli-o on Student Residences
lo bi'comi- cor-(l. 'l‘his crinimilti-c
was rcluclanl to allow all six balls
to try coeducational living be-
cause there was no information on
how many mans would br- intcr~
cslcd, and they did not know if
they could assimilate six coed
dorms in one year. The Student
Affairs Council decided that one
hall on each quad could go coed.

Gay Lib Urges
Legal Reforms

Homosexual law ri-I‘iirin will be
llll‘ objective of AI (liiy Libi'riilion
March on lllt‘ Capitol, March II.
The ili‘inoiislriilors will be led by
the iii-ri-ri-iiil 'l‘roy Perry, :in our
spolii-n Ii-iidr-r of [he llUliltiM'Xllill
rights inovi-ini-nl, and pastor of ii
largi-Iy homosexual congrr-galion
in Los [\Ilgl‘ll‘h.

'l‘lii- niziri'lii-rs will lie urging llll'
piissrigo of ii bill In i-liiniiiiilc llll‘
|'l'.\ll'l('llllll of sodomy between
consenting adults. A series of bills
in [his i-I'I'ccl hich lll‘t'll intro-
duced in both llll‘ Legislature and
III llll' Slain Si-niili'. In addition,
itlllllllt‘l' pi-iirliug l)lll would end
discrimination in employment by
adding “sexual orientation" It) Illi‘
prolocliiiiis of the Law on Dis
criiiiinrition in l‘linploynicnt. A
third proposal would amend the
law dealing with discrimination in
housing in llic siimcinanni-r.

Minority Leader Albcrt Blumcir
lllill il)cm.~l\'liinbnltan) has intro
duccd an amendment to the Stiitdhi
(‘iVil lliglils Liiw lo bar any rlis-
l’l'lllllllltllllll against liiiuioscxulils.
lll‘ has also iiilroduri-d ii conslilu-
lioinil unii-nrlnicnl Io nild M‘Xllill
lll'lt‘lllillll)” to the protections of
Article I of llll‘ Stair-'s (‘iiuslilu
tliin.

Mari-hers lI1I\’t' scheduled a scr-
Vlt't' before the march iii Ibi-
'l'riiiily UiiiIi-d Molliodist (llllll‘t'll.
(‘oordiniiliug lliis slate-widt-
innrcli is the tiny Libi-riilioii Front
of the 'l'ri-(iitli's.

  

Inasmuch as all the applicaitons
were not approved, the Commit-
tee on Student Residences still
wanted to give all interested stu-
dents the opportunity to try coed
living. Thus, they decided that the
students living in the dorms that
were changing would receive no
priority over any other student.
However, if a girl in one of these
dorms applies for it again and is
refused, she will receive an extra
priority point in a single my ball
that she designates. In other
words, she will be treated as a
returning student to that dorm.

The Housing Office expects
more applications and proposals
for coed living in the future. How-
ever. the University Council says
that single scx housing musl be
maintained—all halls ciinnol be-
come Coed. Next year, (Tbiirlcs
Fisher, Director of lii'sidcnccs,
hopes to have available to stir-
di'nts information guidelines to
explain and answer questions on
coeducational living.

Security Offers Jobs to
Prospective Grads

by Steve Salunl

[\I't‘ you looking for ii job'.’ Mirylii- you‘i'i' :i graduating sonior or you
just don‘t “'tllll to outer the rat l‘ilt‘l‘ of looking for cily i-iiiployini-nl.
\Vi-ll, (‘zinipus Securin :il HUNY, may have lllt' answer for you.

Security has many openings for the position of (‘anipus Sccurily
()I'I'ii-or. If you are botwi-i-n llll' ages of 2.1 and lift and how iit loiisl
lwn years of college or Ulll' ' as ii member of ii colic ' ,
force (and, of course, no rirri-sl record), you arr- iplalil‘ioil. l'or II“ who
apply, the advantages are numerous. Although ibo position is :i
ful|~liine job, an employer» may coiiliiiui- to take courses at night ill
Ihi- univorsity. All |)l‘l‘SUIIS working for sr-cui'ily will l't't‘l‘IVl‘ 100"}
tuilioii frr-c (depending on whether the subject relates to his
functioning as an officer) to furlhcr his education. The working
condilions are good and for llll‘ material minded, thr- pay is $81.70 a
Week starting salary. Otlicr positions of Supervising Security Officer
and Campus Security Specialist are also available,

If interested in applying, one must take a Civil Service i-xani which
will (leterminc eligibility for hiring. In order to take the test one must
obtain a card applying for admission from llll' university pi-rsoiincl
offico'l'hcdalo of the lost is April ill and you must apply before
March I5. There will be a written as well as an oral exam to select
bust qualified applicants,

5
’

   

TOWER EAST CINEMA
February 22,1969-
t e world's

unniest general
recaptures the Alamo,
and the world's
mightiest army
can't get him out!

..........
'IIIIIiI-II-l-I-

   

CUMMUNWIAIIN UNIIID timer-n
A MAllll Willle I’WUDUCIIUN

PETER ’PAMELA
usnuovl nFFiN
JONATHAN JOHN
WINTERS ASTIN
Friday, March 'I 2

a 7:30& lOin LC7

PETULA CLARK
TOMMY STEELE

.i m inner-um

WAIIIIEII BROS-SEVEN IIIITS
Saturday, March 13
8 PM only in LC 7

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

---rosenberg

The Boys in the Band

is not a musical

Thursday . LC 23

7:30 and 9:30

 

Full range of undergraduate and
graduate courses, special institutes

2 sessions: June 28—July 30 and
August 2—September 3

(day and evening).
Phone (516) 2992431 or mail coupon.

Summer Session Ollice
C. W. Post Center
Greenvale, L.|., N.Y., 11548

Please send me Summer Sessrons information bulletin.
[j Undergraduate (j Graduate (3 Day C] Evening

Name

and workshops. Residence halls available.

 

 

Address

 

City State ZID

 

Kit Visiting student. which college

. .. ,. ,, ..  ,.    retain-glawsaru, uneducaomcuwwwz t.

 

 

 

 

 

 

