 

 

" PAGE 2

  

Fort Orange Dig Buried in Controversy

The ruins of Fort Orange, the oldest continuous
colonial settlement in the Northeast, were covered
over with sand recently, ending a five year struggle
to first examine the fort, and then not to abandon
the ruins to an entrance ramp for the new Albany
Dunn Bridge.

The fort was the subject of a dig during the past
winter that resulted in numerous artifacts being
found. This dig was unique because the early
transactions of the fort are documented. Once the
exact location of the excavation in relation to the
whole fort was understood, fairly accurate estima-
tions could be made for the whole fort. As a result
of historical research, accurate dates of the building
of homes and fortifications were also established,
and the exact effect of the long burial under
numerous building projects was known.

The controversy over the fort began five years ago.
The summer of 1966 a proposal was submitted by
the Helderberg Workshop (an area private summer
enrichment program in the arts and sciences) to the
State Education Department by way of recommen'
ding that Fort Orange, the Trading Post established
by Dutch and Belgians in 1624 on the right bank of
the Hudson River where downtown Albany is
located, be excavated. Even though this site is the

l
l

ANMLUSIR‘BUSCM. INC - SI. lOUIS

 

Go all the way...

PICKA PAIR

In brewing Bud-, our choice is to go all
the way. We hope beer matters enough
to you that you too will go all the way

. . . to Budweiser.

And right now, that goes double:

Pick up two 6‘palis oi the King of Beers--
It's the smart way to buy,

WHEN YOU SAY

Budweiser

YOU'VE SAID IT ALL!

  

‘ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

direct origin of the City of Albany, experts in the
Office of State History and the State Museum
turned the project down, .

In 1967 information concerning the map in the
City Engineer’s collection showing the exact'loca-
tion of Fort Orange, was submitted to the Office of
State History. Even though this was submitted by
request, it was not acted upon in any way. Oddly
enough, the first positive action of Fort Orange was
apparently anticipated by the State Highway
Department in the spring of 1970. This was after a
verbal recommendation made to the New York
Historic Trust to dig at Fort Orange in the spring of
1969 was turned down by the Trust.

In the fall of 1970 Historic Trust began excavating
Fort Orange and dug 2/5 of the area capable of
archeological exploitation, then stopped by an
arrangement with the Highway Department. The
Parks and Recreation Department, which the Trust
is under, released a press statement saying that the
Trust had met its objectives in the dig, was satisfied
and could reconstruct a complete picture of the site.

The project was then planned to be closed down
and a ramp for the new bridge was to be built,
covering the site. But early this year one of the
diggers on the site, .lohn Wolcott, a 38-year old

In the past three years, the
Eighth Step Coffee House has

 

people from ﬁnding something of
interest at the Step. To that end cial

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1

amateur archeologist with the Historic Trust, smied
an effort to delay closing down the dig.

Through his personal efforts, he gained an ally in
the form of the Holland Society of New York. The
organization joined him in seeking a delay in filling
in the site (the oldest Dutch settlement in America)
and pushing for a public hearing on the matter.

Wolcott felt that since less than half of the site
was unearthed that there was a good possibility that
important and and historic artifacts would be lost,
possibly forever. A representative for Historic Trust,
which operated the dig. said the site could be
unearthed again in 50 to 100 years, when the new
bridge is replaced.

Wolcott also felt minor changes could be made in
the design of the ramp to create a more elevated
roadway, and the fort could be made into a
permanent historical site,

But the efforts to save Port Orange failed. It has
now been filled in with sand and piles ltzivo lti'i'n
driven through the various layers of remains. ’l‘ln-
State Department of Transportation said that i-r.
forts were made to place the pilings in the ham
damaging locations, to preserve the silo for a.
possible future dig.

‘Eighth Step Coffee House
Needs Support To Continue

The Eighth Step is now in finan-

trouble. Duc to wind

971

\

ulinu

---gumlman

      
    

become an important facet of life
in the Washington Park area com-
munity. Begun in November of
1967 under the sponsorship of llll'
four park area “Focus” churches,
“the Step" has provided good
music and entertainment for its
members as Wt‘ll us being a sound
ing board for important ideas.
Recently The Stop provided a
forum for Films and rap presenlcd
by the Cziptial Area Peace Center
and an cvvning of environmental
discussion.

An effort has always been made
to exclude the least number of

”'__l

 

the program committee is con-
stantly looking for different
modes of communication, to pre-
sent on their stage besides the
mainstay of folk music, both con-
temporary and traditional. The
past year has seen drama, guerillii
theater, experimental films, Clas-
sic films, jazz and rag time banjo
to name just a few. An extension
of this policy is the admission
policy. Admission is by member-
ship and cosls a dollar a year.

The Eighth Step has been iin
important. starting point for new
action groups. It was to the Step
that Dave Webster brought his
idea for Refer Switchboard. The
first organizational meetings were
held there and many of the first
volunteers came from among the
Step membership The Albany
Area Sloop Group also got its
start from among the ranks of the
Eighth Step as well.

Many aspiring singers and music-
ians have gotten their start on the
Eight Stop “open nights." New
material has been tried out by
established performers on an audi-
ence that many performers find to
be one of the most courteous and
interested in the area.

problems and flooding ('lillllllllim

in their basement iliinricrs .il ll
Willctt Slrcci, :iilcndniu‘i- through
the winter has l)t'i'll poor 'l‘hv}
are barely able to lllt't'l financial
committincnts.

The basement will soon In I‘m-d
and the schedule is onrv .igznn
healthy, but the Stop llt'i'(l~ lu-Ip
to get back on its l'l‘I‘l

To this and, friends of [In-
Eighth Step arc ri-Ilying around in
make it healthy oncv again and to
insure its continued service to Ilit'
cara. This Friday, April 20, Ihcrr
will be a benefit for thr- l-Iiglilli
Step at the Meeting Hall of the
First Presbyterian Church on [lu-
corncr of State and Willl‘ll
Streets, upstairs from (In- Eighth
Step. The donation is $1 fill 'l‘ln-
people who will perform lIlL'lll(lt‘
Hector Rivera, Bcriillii linker. lli'rl
Miiync and Denny Mike, Lev illlil
Richard Wilkic, and Bill Spence
The concert starts M 8:00 and can
be expected In run In [he \\'i‘t'
sumll hours with a few unsche-
dulcs surp rises.

The Eight Step is a Vlllllliltlt' pail
of the Washington Park (‘ominuni
ty and should iiol lli' allowed lo
flounder and die.

 

ALBANY

 

   

. [a
FAMILY C
212. WASHINGTON AVE.
452 BROADWAY
TROY

 

LOTl-IING

 

#2

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1971

    

r

Jerry Rubin, a member of the Chicago 7, spoke to an overflowing crowd in the CC Idlroom last night.

He urged students to participate in May Day activities in Washington...

Drug

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

u-chow

Crisis Continues On

SUNY Buffalo Cam pus

BUFFALO, N.Y. (CPS) v A
new threat has enveloped the
State University of New York's
Buffalo campus: it is not the
typical crisis filled with scenes of
a reactionary administration thI«
bent on rcprcming students and
dissident faculty, and Uiercarc no
student demonstrations, tear gas,
molotov cocktails, or police beat-
ings; it is a problem ofhard drugs
and related crimes on the largest
campus of the state university.

This drug crisis, which only
mushroomed over the past month,
has grown to such an extent that a
referendum held in March called
for the limitation of access to the
student union, mid an increase in
“security.” The student referen-
dum narrowly voted down a pro-
posal to institute armed security
guards to patrol key areas of the
sludent union. More than 5,000
voted in the referendum.

The armed robbery of the union
building‘s basement cafeteria Feb-
ruary 28, and an earlier beating of
a night manager with a pool cue
finally sparked the student union
staff to threaten to shut down the
building in mid—March if “armed
security personnel" were not
hired to patrol the area.

“We are indicating professional
armed security people because the
problem involves basically non-

studcnts, many of whom are hard-
ened criminals,” the staff's memo
said.

The union was closed on sched-
ule, with Very little opposition
from the university's 22,000 stu-
dcnls.

Onc effect of the crisis has been
to boost the fortunes of various
local politicians who would like
nothing better than to put more
clamps on the campus commun-
ity, For example, Erie County

Sheriff Michael Amico, former
Buffalo Police Narcotics Squad
head who buster] Prof. Lcslie

Ficdlcr in acelcbiated case in 1068
and staged a series of student
marijuana busts prior to his sheriff
electoral campaign in l969,
charge; last year that the univer-
sity was the “center for drugs" in
the county.

Although this “drug problem"
has finally been recognized, at-
tempts ill alleviiting it have been
narrow in scope, In essence, the
call has been for all segments of
the univuristy and community, for
“law and order" without recogniz-
ing that the increase of crime on
campus is related to an increase in
the number of addicts flocking to
what had been billed as a kind of
sanctuary.

One year ago, the issue of “Cops
on campus" led to it studan

faculty strike. This spring City
police regularly patrol the campus
streets and grounds.

There have been some hopeful
signs. A program call "Together"
has been formed by an cx-addict,
Willie Rivera, to deal with the
plight of addicts. So far, the pro—
gram has shown some limited suc-
cess but is in danger of collapsing
because of lack of volunteers and
money. The chief ingredient of
the "Together" program is metha—
donc. Methadone, a synthetic
drug, gives the same euphoric high
as heroin if taken intravenously.
Taken orally, it provides no high,
but prevents the onset of with-
drawal symptoms,

PAGE it I... A

- Protests, Enrollment Boost  

Mark Eastern Campuses
Black Students Withdraw at U. of Florida

GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) - Nearly half the 352 black students at
the University of Florida jammed the registrar's office Monday and
began withdrawing from classes after university president Stephen C.
O’Connell refused to grant amnesty to arrested student demonstra-
tors.

O‘Connell ordered 71 persons arrested on trespass charges April 15
when a contingent of blacks came to his office to demand more black
teachers, administrators and students at the school. He called in police
when the students refused to leave.

A spokesman for the dean of student affairs said by closing time 160
blacks had signed up for exit interviews and five had quit the
university altogether.

There are 20,000 studentsand2,000 faculty members, 33 of them
black, on the university campus.

Vassar Students Protest Faculty Dismissals

POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. (AP) - About 175 students continued a sit-in
in a wing of the administrative building at Vassar College today
protesting the dismissal of six teachers.

The protest, in its sixth day, has slowed the work of some
administrators but has not affected class attendance, a school
spokesman said.

He said there were no plans to remove the students or to schedule a
meeting between the protestors and Vassar officials.

The Student Senate voted 28 to 4 to endorse the sit-in on Thursday,
backing student charges that the dismissals were arbitrary and made
without a polling of campus opinion.

Vassar President Allan J. Simpson said in a statement that he could
not annul the decision.

The students have called for suspending the dismissals until new
faculty hiring and firing machinery can be developed and implemen-
ted.

Brockport Ups Enrollment Despite Budget Cuts

IlROCKPORT, N.Y. (AP) - - Brockport State College said Tuesday it
will enroll 1,700 more students next fall despite a $540,000 slash in
its budget.

President Albert W. Brown said the additional students will increase
the enrollment to about 10,000.

He said only 63 new faculty members will be taken on rather than
the 91 originally planned. This, he said, will give Brockport a faculty
of about 600.

Brown said some temporary jobs at the college will be dropped,
vacant posts will go unfilled and departmental budgets will be
trimmed.

 

 

 

For a Fair , Open,
Activist Admistration

Vote
Ken Stokem
for
Student Association President

An open-minded individual seeking to
form a real government of the students

the
source

 

 

  

Consider

 

ANIIEUSER-BUSCN. INC. 0 Si, LOUIS

 

,. . . . .“thelehumauuqu-iw‘Mﬁ;

 

Fm.

,,
I
t
4
g
i
i,

x. . -./c..«_ [WA

A. 4v%l.a' a. 3-.)

 

 

