 

‘ PAoaio‘

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Weekend Wrap-lip

by Stephen Aminoff

A great, big, beautiful Spring
Weekend is behind us now, and it
seems appropriate to reﬂect on
some of the more memorable of
moments. I found this Weekend to
be one of the enlightening experi-
ences I’ve had at this university
and it has left such a strong mark
on my mind that I'd like to
actually retrace my steps taken on
Thursday. Friday and Saturday.
April 22-24, and walk the reader
through them with me.

“Chilly weather... Yeah. I sort of
expected it. I know...Lookit, Do
you think they can actually call
off the Alex Taylor gig tonight...
Yeah. I know what happened with
Paxton-*wow, I'd be so pissed...
well. let’s see what happens...
Yeah, Okay,...later on, Roy." This
is what a phone conversation
sounded like on Thursday after-
noon. The classes were over with
for a little while and I was won-
dering whether or not I’d be
listening to good things that night.

What Thursday night did was
take me so totally by surprise.
that I'm not even sure what to
write about it. but I‘ll think of
something. Moved inside the Cam-
pus Center due to the inclement
weather conditions. people and
many of them. came to do more
than just listen to Alex Taylor and
his collection of touring musicians
called "Friends and Neighbors."
The folks were up for having a
good time and so they did.

I think I've come to understand
that people around this university
will get up and move if called
upon by a potent enough force.
Alex Taylor proved to be just
such a power. The people were
diggin’ it and the people were on

 

by Eric Graeber

The new Crosby. Stills. Nash. &
Young album “4 Way Street"
(Atlantic SD 2-902) has been re-
leased and what can be said but
that for the most part it is most
impressive.

The first two sides are entirely
wooden. with each of your fa-
vorites coming our on stage to do

lay Goldman
for President
- Class of ’73

NEED HELP?

Upstate Abortion
Rcfcrnl Service

 

 

 

 

()ur sorvn'c can provuh' .i snip.
li-gnl illll'l'llilllVl' ll))(|ill'|)l'lllll|‘lll
Willi minimum cosI and (loin)

5 ll‘l-7r‘lﬁ-r‘ilh“!

\ ins \ 1"i
()[n'II 7r/u_|‘\ :1 “WA

 

 

their feet doin’ it. If you were
around the Campus Center on
Thursday night. you know whatI
mean.

Friday was a case of more poor‘
ly timed classes. and that final
orgasm of relief when the rules are
behind you, if just for a little
while. I gobbled down some sup-
per, and got ready for a night of
rock and roll magic.

Arriving at the Gym was a more
exciting occurrence than it had
been at previous concerts, asl was
able to get in early and see what's
involved with the makings of a
rock concert. Things seem to go
pretty smoothly. aside from the
usual lack of organization and the
assorted hassles which can ensue.
“T-Rex," the back up group
which made claims to being no
less than the number one group in
the native England. was warming
up.

The general good-vibes were
interspersed. however, with talk
about which of Johnny Winter's
band would show up, if any. I
treated myself to a double belt of
grape wine which had rested inno-
cently in my arms. and awaited
word about what was happening.
Finally. we learned that Johnny’s
drummer had taken sick and that
a drummer from his brother’s
band. Edgar Winter’s “White
Trash" was being ﬂown in
especially to make the show. The
only stipulation was that this guy
had to be ﬂown out again at
midnight, and all we wanted to
know was how this was going to
happen if Johnny was going to get
into one of his usual, long. absorb-
ing sets after the back up group.

The decision was made to have
Johnny come on first. to the utter
disbelief of some of our rock

Rock Pile

his individual thing. Dave Crosby
sings two gentle ballads. "Lee
Shore" and "Triad." the latter
donc previously by Grace Slick. in
contrast. Stills howls his way
through “49 Bye-Eyes" with only
piano accompaniment. and then
mixes the Buffalo Springfield
standard “For What It's Worth"
with a poem he wrote. Unfortun-
ately the songs were better when
left clectric. The other Stills song
“Love the One You're Willi."
sung with Graham Nash is good
enough to make the electric cut
off his solo album superl'uous.

'l‘hc Nash songs are generally
mediocre although “Teach Your
Children" is well done. and l
would how to think that lll' is
better suited in his role as a
backup vocalist.

Neil Young is the dominating
force on tlic first album with his
wit and indcscribablc voice. He
runs through ll selection of the

 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE
IBM Seleclric Typewriter
Experienced in all types of
Doctoral Dissertations
Fast. Dependable Scrvntii
Reasonable RaIus
Call 482-6283 Dav or Evening

 

 

 

 

patrons who don't believe in com-
ing to see the first band's perform-
ance. The band did the antici-,
pated mean, sweaty, show that
everyone had expected and was
immediately swimming in.

Johnny's performance was near-
ly identical to the one I saw at the
Fillmore. One gutsy blues riff.
more reminiscent of Johnny’s old
style, was sandwiched in between
several rock and roll standards
such as “Johnny B. Goodc," and a
medley led by Rick Derringer of.
“Great Balls of Fire" and “Whole
Lotta Shakin’ Goin' On.”

The clamour as a result of
Johnny’s rather abrupt exit from
the stage was deafening. Hands
clapping. feet stomping. throats
screaming; the audience that had
danced so furiously to the music
was now making some of its own.
All were in unison to the tune of
“MORE...MORE...MORE..." But
there was no more. “T.Rex"
came on now, and most of the
audience found the anti-climax of
this rather weak imitation of The
Who and Led Zeppelin a little
unbearable after a Johnny Winter.

The traditional drag of wander—
ing back to the Campus Center
snack bar was broken nicely by ll
series of old-time movie shorts in
the Cafeteria. Cartoons a la
Mickey Mouse. Pluto, Betty Boop;
and movies a la Laurel and Hardy.
Charlie Chaplin. Abbott and Cos-
tello were shown along with many
that I missed becausel came so
late. Such thrilling moments as
the Three Stooges bashing each
other brought back these incred-
ible ﬂashes of Officer J Bolton
and the show I rcligio sly spent
hours each day staring at. With me
it was a sentimental thing. but a
splendid time was had by all.

I /

    

previously recorded “Don’t Let It
Bring You Down" and “Cowgirl
in the Sand" and a new song “On
the Way Home."

At the concert at the Fillmore
East last June. the audience booed
when the group came out electric
but were quickly won over by the
group's hard driving but tasteful
sounds. Side three begins with a
ghastly vocal by Nash on “Prtl
Road Downs." continues on more
impressively with “Long 'I‘imiI
Gone" and climaxes with ll! min-
utes of short guitar bursts by Neil
Young on “Southern Mun."

But the real (our dc force is the
performance on side four which
includes "Ohio." a song that real-
ly knocked out everyone at the
concert as it was being played for
the first lime. just a month after
the Kent killings. "Carry On" is u
13 minute jam with Young and
Crosby trading off guitar lines
with Still's wah-wah pcdul. over-
coming some slippery Steppcn-
wolf passages and an intro which
is stolen from the traditional song
“Cat's Squirrel." And the album
closes with Slill's striking “Find
the Cost of Freedom." and a
goodbye from Nash which is
smartly cut off before the up-
pluunc.

   
   

Lleta Mbulu sang at the gym Saturday as a part of Black Weekend.

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1971

Also on the bill was Pharoali Sanders. noted saxaphone player.

I woke up late Saturday morn-
ing to the tune of the typically
drab Saturday lunches which this
institution has to offer. I walked
outside and noticed these guys
setting up equipment on one side
of the quad. Some of it was
musical in nature. and some of it
was in the realm of beer drinking
apparatus. The sight of both of
them touched me. “Wow.” I
thought. “I'm going to get
smashed listening to live music.
again." I immediately ran upstairs
and decided to give my own con-
tribution to the afternoon’ festivi-
ties by providing the quad with
some pre-concert music on my
friend's Quaker Oats commercial.
"This is the cereal that‘s shot
from guns...Boom!!) and as the
orchestra built up its crescendo, I
treated myself to that first of
many glasses of beer (Question:
Would you like light beer or dark?
Answer: Yes. Anyway Tchai-
chovsky finished his set and a
good local dance band began
theirs. Led by a fine. budding
talent "Clyde" Davies and “Madri-
gal” played to the ﬂying frisbies.
lofted softballs and several
bOuncy visiting animals running
ekcitedly about the quad. The
scene was out of one of those
Central Park Happenings one
might be caught up in on a spring
Sunday in Manhattan. with no less
enthusiasm by those who helped
to make it.

Roy Rosenberg, one of the guys
who really helped to make this
spring weekend thing work. sat
next tome while I was listening to
the band and he couldn‘t help but
bubble over uboul how great
things worr- going and even gave
IIH' the idea for this article. Good
idea. man.

The State Quad helped to do a
hit by sponsoring the band and
keg. but it was llll' people who
ultimately did it all. Even the dust
storm which ended the after-
noon's festivities could iiol. inud-
dy the spirits of everybody. The
keg moved inside Anthony llllll
and so did many of the people but
this day had already made its
point.

i love jazz, So when the choice
of Saturday night entertainment
come down lo Pliaroah Saunders
or thr- dImcc band in the Campus
Center Ballroom. i chose the sux

---alverson
player. What I got was ii little
more than ii white middle class
dude usually bargains for at a jazz
concert. After a strong perform-
ance by a beautiful little African
singer named Lleta Mbulu. a pow-
erful group of brothers milled the
I‘Universal Messengers" prcsented
a series of poems by recitation
and actual enactment.

To say the least. I was somewhat
intimidated by wiiat was brought
out. but I was also amazed by the
no bullshit attitude of these very
serious young artists. I tried my
best to look objectively at what
was going down; and all I can say
is that these cats are blowing it if
they‘re going to collectively classi-
fy all people with white skin as
“The Man." Because. you see.
that’s what the Manwants us to
do—divide and conquer, dig? I'm
afraid that all while men just don't
look alike. But lookit. I guess if
these cats could get me to defen-
sive and guilty over a few poems.
they had to be good. The “Univer-
sal Messengers" were that and
more.

Pharoah came on, eventually
and I found his method of relating
equally effective. lie treated the
audience to u percussion spectacu-
lar at the onset of his performance
and followed it up with some of
his own blond or urban jazz, The
evening unfolded the way I
thought it would.

On my way home. i caught
some people who had been doing
other things that night. I couln't
get a word in I-dgewisc amid the
raps abUUL‘chsus Christ. Supt-r»
star." “Butch Cassidy and [he
Suiiduncc Kid." and that huge
vibrant (liinco marathon al the
Campus Center. The inspi'iation
for this articlc was being really
well gcncratcd.

So Spring Weekend 1971 is over
and spring itself hasn't totally
begun. it just goes to show how
unpredictable the forces in and
around this univursily ciin be.
April 22-24 was 11 really Ilil'l' thing
to happen to this place. own as
Washington had ils great moments
also. We ch soon-thing to tho
pt'oplc who helped put this thing
together llll(l lliul means, of
course, llll lhc puoph- who could
fch the life forcc which has l)l'l'|l
gathering slcuni sinco Scplcinhor.

Sl'l' you next ycIiI‘.

 

 

Sergei M. Eisenstein's

Alexander Nevsky

a |938 sound film with music by sergei prolzofieo

Wednesday. April 28 7:30 PM
CC Assembly Hall

 

free from the free school

 

 

 

The Ebenezer Howard Project needs

a part time (15-20 hours/weak)
STUDENT WOR KER
for this summer who

can also work with us next year.

Submit resume to CC 346
For more info, call: 457-8327/6543

 

 

MITCH Morris

AND

AI Kaufman

From State Quad for
University Senate &
Central Council

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I
I
I
I
I
I
.I

/. WHETHER
The whether for the reminder
of the Spring and the beginning
of Summer is cloudy. If the
crystal ball clears. we will know.
Ah. there. The whether for
Albany State: exceedingly
warm, with tendencies to be
downright hot. Wind is from
the Left at gale force. with
occasional blzmts from the right
as well. Chances of reign are
practically nil. but all bets are
off concerning heilstorms. As
things warm up in Washington.
we may see some cooling off on
the local scene. but warm wea-
ther will definitely return with
the middle of May. Deﬁnitely
avoid drafts. but if things heat
up too much for you. try the
country up north. It ain‘t fancy.
but it’s good. Keep 'eni ﬂying!

 

PRICE: TEN CENTS
F-—-n—an--—---'
STUDENTS
i—--------

E This exploiI

 

 

 

 

 

 

"All this news Ihol lils. we print"

Kick In The ASP

Vol. L VIII No, 35 Dirty Doodle/mid. (IS/l. State Fair 1971

 

Stereo Theft Ring Found,

Suspects Escape Security

whcic Ill Ilic (‘olonial Quad Parking LoI. probably
camouﬂaged in one of Ihe pot holes. The where-
abouts of lhc slcico equipment is unknown. ill-
Ihough shady opciullons in :In oil-campus sic‘ico

by liari'ud Slczilcr

SchnII) Hllll'l;ll\ :Innonnccd cuslcncc ofai \lcico-
Hm“ “I”: "I “FL-mm“ MHWMMU U” wmlm‘x’ ‘co-op‘zn'c curicnllybcinginvcsligulcd.

Muslcr kcys slolcn from the Residence Office
icccnlly may be linked In the iobbci'ics sincc Ilicic
is no evidence of forch Cllliy. l'lowcvcr. Ilie
Residcncc Office has been unable lo ascertain how
many keys were stolen sincc locksniillis have noI

choils of millions of dolluis nl slIIlL‘II slcico
cquipmcnl sccnlcd illkllllL‘Il llns moinmg whcn a
security offich nollccd Iwo mcn loading slcrcos
from Dulch Quad Hill! :1” innoccnI-looking Inovmg
van pui’kcd nc\I Io llic liic lunc. lhIfoillInalcly. Ilic
sccunly offich [nanic withheld). picoccnpicd Wllll

 

ycl lll’erCtl on campus Io get them back into their

offices. Kcys wci'c slolcn last wcck. ll is believed.
Security strongly urges slndcnls to "carry their

valuables \Vllll llicin in all limes." umil Ilic lhicvcs

givmg tickets of illegally pul‘kcd vcluclcx llL‘lll Ilic

President Nixon views the coast of newly acquired American
quad. was unable to Icincinbci lhc phone IuIiubci' ol

territory in South America. The President unveiled plains to build a
new Siinimcr White House in this area, [AP \Vncpliolol

Nixon ‘Pcace Movc’
Adds Territories

Washinglon. l).('. (Apnl .ill. l‘l7ll l’icsidcnl Richard M. Nixon
dccluicd Ihul cffcclivc Inuncdialcly lzcuudoi and Pull are now pail of
the IciiIloiIal holdings of die linitcd Slailcs. ’l’hc hinlc‘lllt‘lll was llhltlt.‘

Ihc sccnnly ofl'icc. so lhc Incu cscupcd.

()fficlals tolliccllll't‘ that the van Is luddcu some-
are appichcndcd.

Schoartz Named
 Albany President

Former University Senator Jock Q. Sclioartz was
today named honorary prosidcnl of SUNYA by the
Board of 'l‘l'llslt'l‘s for distinguished service to the
university community. it was lln- firsl lime in lhc
StaliI Univorsily's liislory tlial such a lilhI has been
bestowed.

Schourtz rcccivud not only a symbolic key to the
university. but a practical key to tho washroom in
thc Administralion Building. Upon presentation of
the key. Schoartz replied tlial he “was touched."

In a short S|lt'l'Cll following the cci'cmonics. the
honury prcsidonl. slated that “The Board of 'l‘ruslccs
has shown good faith in distributing its power to the
people. or at least to mu!" The speech was
interrupted frequently by certain elements in the
crowd urging Schourtz to “oink up."

Schoiirtz continued. saying “The trouble with this
universin is symbolized by the limited access lo the
washrooms used by adminslriilors. How are we to
bridge the communicalion gin liclwccn students
and adminislmlors if we don‘l stand on lhc same
ground. or sll on llll‘ same stool?”

The crowd was u big one of Albany Sliilc. partially
liI-cuusi- I'rcr- cookie.» and lu-vurugi-s \vcrc :Idvci‘liscd
ill llic graffiti sr-clion of Ilic .-lSI' Most of Ihc 12
Honorary President Jock Q, Schmm, lAl' wucpholo| spI-cIanrs swim-d Io haw- a good little.

Library Collection “Ripped Off9

   

this :iflcnioon on Ihc Whilc llousc lawn.

Mi. Nixon nolcd lllill his dchsIon was Inolivulcd by u dcsnc Ioi
pcacc. "We Inc Iiymg In Viclnum lo cud iill wars." hc Milli. "so Ihcic'x
no xcnsc III pcinullnig potentially dungcious condilions Io pcisIsI lll
Illlt own hcmisphcic." Ml. NIwn icfci'ch Io scvcnil lIlL'lllL'lllb ovci
icccnl yczns III which Amci'lcan hind holdings and uiduslnul com-
plcxcs have been sci/.cd by Pcinvmn and l‘.(ll:ltllillilll Ilullollllllsls 'llns
leads to bud fcchngs In Ilic Iculnl of inlcinalional ccononncs.
cspcciully lll Amcricu. lhc l’icsldcnl obscivcd, MI Nixon lcll Ihal
lhcsc condulons \VL‘II,‘ dclilincnlzil Io Ilic spiIiII of l’an-AlnciIcanism
Much has dcvclopcd ovci lhc ycuis

'l’hc I’Icsnlcnl also cllcd lhc icccnl >t'l/lllL‘\ of lllllil bouts oil the
cosasls of both counliics. “'l'hcw's plcnIy of fish lll Ihc sun.” In:
Icmxnkcd. “Fishing boats :nc always wclcomc ol'l oui \llIIlL'b. \nblc'cl‘
lo IIIlllllIL‘ suivcillancc ol coiiisc \Vc .snnply could noI lcl Ihis
conlinuc."

MI Nmui lllll not wish Io spccululc on Ihc luluic \lullls ol llII‘ ncw
lL'llllI)llL‘\. "We Will do. as we liavc donc and :uc now doing. whulcvci
is In Ihc bcsI InIcicsI of Ihc ncw Iciiiloiics. “We Will do. as wc huvc
«lonc .ind air now doing, whaIcch Is lll Ihc bcsl mlcicsl of Ihcsc ncwly
.nqnllcll .llL‘ih lcl Inc lll.|l\t‘ our [lung pcilcclly clcul. out lic'llllllh .iIc
\lllUL'lL'Il Iu \lll’ll .I \\.I_\ .h to hpr Ihc pcoplc ol lic‘lllllllil and Pciu ()III
nun InIcIcsIs have noIluin.I to do With ii I have Iiul bccn \lllllr'c'l In
.my ilomcsln IIIL‘\\lllI'\ In folnung my dccislou“ MI Nimn did,

lIII\\‘L'\’Cl. iulc out \I.ilchood III Ihc llL‘ill l'nIlIIc lhc l’lL'\lLlL'lll nus

 

 

 

.Ihht‘ll whal givc lulu Ihc iighl to occupy the lands ol oIth nations. llc
singch out lhc inslublhly ol l’ciuviun and |~cum|onm lcadcrs. “liolh
Ihcn L'llpllIIlS illt‘ pIcIly high up In Ihc niounlulus." hc chuckled.
"\vlicic lhc (ill Is «now llllll. Wc illL‘ flying the lL‘lltlt‘H hcic Io
Waslnugmn foi consnlluliou I'm sInc Ilml illlL‘l u lcw days zil sea level
.Is nun gucsls Ihcy'll scc llungs dil'fcicnly." Ml. NIMIII IIch llliil
unolhci cuilhquukc nung lnivc Iowcicd bolh nulmns Io scu level. "We

could huvc inningcd lhul. but InIInchiiIc uclIon Wun nnpciiillvc." the
(luv! l‘xcculivc concluded.

.loliniilliaii ll‘llﬁllllil‘l. lll)l‘lll’y director.
l‘l'lHll‘Ll'll lodny lhal the library
would be forced to Closc due to
II)“ theft of lhc i-nLirI- literary
collection. l"IishloIi stiilcd that the
culprit had escaped. liiil Iliiil
security was in pursuit.

'l‘hI- tlicfl lind occurcd wliih- the
entire library staff was in the
bathroom. “lt.s really funny what

a coincidence tliiil was. said
Fashion.

When uskcd why no studcnls
nolit-od llII.I lllL'ldl‘Iil. Fashion cx~
pluincd. "it was 'l‘liurdsuy iiiglil.
Iiiid wc Ill know willil cVI-rybody
does then! “I‘ll. belt."

The library hopes to replace the
ciillcclion soon. but until then.
sludcnls can one Dr. Crott's. chair-

man of the English department,
Monarch ant's of llic book that
was stolen. The Form" .‘lnlhology
of English Sllil. Volume I.

When asked to explain what
motivated this unprecedented gen-
i-I'osily. Crolts suid."lt’s in the
Interest of education. so I‘m only
going to charge u slight rental
fee."

 

