  
 
 

 

 

 

, .,. ,c... _..

'..t

 

l

s”,._.‘,.-,

aw- “-5... "W .—

 

 

 

 

..,- «Au~,u...y ..

    

._ — .A-WWM—C.v-~/V‘.Asw.

.PAGE 8

WWWaWI.

at?

ALBANY STlLiDENT PRESS.

\
M” / '
0.\o \ I Uqé.

   
  
  

W6:

 "s~ ,' (s27 
Jim/Wu “0 “51,79 (ﬂat/‘qu .

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1971

 

 

Dennis Hopper: The American Dreamer?

‘American

Dreamer’

Premier at SUNYA

A minor revolution is about to
take place in the film industry. In
late April Corda Productions and
EYR Programs will be releasing a
major motion picture via the na-
tional campuses instead 0'
through the commercial theatres.
\\\\\\\\\\\\\ ‘s\\\\\‘

Th
ﬁrthday
Parity.

Harold Pinter's "comedy of
menace". THE BIRTHDAY PAR-
TY. will be staged by the Lincoln
Center Repertory Theater of New
York City on Saturday evening.
April I7. I97! at 8:30 pm. on
the Main Stage of The PAC.

'I‘HE BIRTHDAY PARTY is
sponsored by Theater Council. the
student organization within the
Department of Theater at the
State University of New York at
Albany. 'l‘he perl‘orn‘lance is made
possible through the cooperation
and financial assistance of the
State University‘s OffiL'c of Uni-
versity-Wide Activities and the
New York State Council on the
Arts.

Tickets for the general public
will be available on Monday. April
)2. l97l at the UniVersity Per-
forming Arts Center Box Office.
The phone is ‘l57-H006, general
admission is $2.50.

(Student tickets will go on sale
WEDNESDAY. MARCH (Il.
1971. No reservations will be al-
lowed. Price: $1.00 with tax card.

       

     

   

  
     

\\

 
 

Albany State is one of 24 uni-
versities which will be premiering
“The American Dreamer." star‘
ring Dennis Hopper. (Jo-directors
of the film are Lawrence Schiller,
one of the leading pltolo-jourmt~
lists and underground writer I..M.
Kit Carson.

Although Schiller claims the
method of release is more realistic
than revolutionary, it is bound to
shake up things a little. Schiller
stated. “The action and the ideas
in the film relate to the lives of
students. We don't expect other
audiences to fully understand it.
so why go through the hypocracy
of normal channels of distribu-
tion."

Filmed in 'I‘aos. New Mexico.
“The American Dreamer" also
goes outside film tradition in that
an outline rather than a script was
used in filming. The film is a story
about Dennis Hopper. who plays
himself. Because there is no script,
the situations created are allowed
to develop and explode in front of
the camera.

Hopper is famed for his direc-
tion and starring role in "Easy
Rider.“ Schiller. with some 100
covers on Life. The Saturday Evo-
uing l’ost. Newsweek. and top
magazines around the world.
made his film making debut with
the New York still photography
sequence in "Butch Cassidy and
the Sundanee Kid."

“Audiences with young and
open minds will be terribly stimu-
lated by it." affirmed Schiller.
"Will they enjoy it'.‘ Does anyone
enjoy a bomb blast’.’ The point Is.
you can‘t ignore it."

 

 

Free Transportation

0 All you need is a driver's license

- U-Haul Rentals needs drivers to drive trucks to
New York City and New Jersey areas

' U-Haul will pay all gas and toll expenses

Call now between 9 AM and 4 PM
356-1200

 

 

 

THE JAZZ SCENE

 

 

by Robert Rosenblum

Joe Henderson - Power to the
People (Milestone MSP 9024)
Anyone who knows jazz has
learned by this time that one does
not just put an instrument in his
mouth and set foot in a recording
studio and become a major voice.
There have been those that have
tried this type of sham. most
natably Pharoah Sanders, and
Sonny Sharrock. But they are not
likely to please anyone. with the
exception of a small handful of
pretentious critics fearful of being
called moldy figs. The process.
which has been repeated time and
again. is learning from past mas-
ters and after having developed an
unconscious sense of the essence
of jazz. attempting to homogenize
the inﬂuences into a personal
style. Gillespie began sounding
like Eldridge. Coltrane like Parker
and Dexter Gordon. Joe Hender-
son has gone through this painful
progress. learning from Charlie

‘Superstar’
April 17!

April 17, 1971. Circle that date
on your calendar. Star it. Then
outline it in red. Because that's
the night that a multi-media cel-
ebration of the rock-opera “Jesus
Christ‘Superstar” will take place
in the Art Gallery.

This is not going to be a perfor-
mance of a show. with the audi-
ence watching and applauding at
all the “right moments." Instead.
everyone will be encouraged to
join In the activities- stand up.
talk back. join in the singing. etc.

The celebration will feature oil
blob projections on the walls and
ceilings during the action. modern
dance interpretations. and several
innovations which should prove
interesting.

April 17. 1071. 14:00 pm. The
Art iallery. “Jesus Christ--

Superstar." Be there.

| Parker. Lee Konitz. and Stan Getz
and lately from John Coltrane.
The result is more than the sum of
the parts. There is the perfect
welding of the emotional and the
intellectual into an exciting and

powerful identity that has
launched him into the fore front
ofjazz.

Milestone continues its series of
excellent jazz albums permitting
absolute freedom for the artist
and procuring the most remark~
able of rhythm-men (all having
recently been with Miles Davis.
Jack De Johnette still being with
him.) The result is a remarkable
record.

"Black Narcissus" begins with a
soft. whispy tenor in a very high
registrar. There is a two quarter
bass ostinato accenting the third
best of the 3/4 measure. Herbie
Hancock inserts some ﬂoating.
fututistic chords on piano. This
passage alternates with a louder
tributary that has no real time
signature. Henderson's solo is also
alternately gentle and violent.
Hancock. who introduces a shock-
ing new approach to the electri
piano. does an extension of his
earlier chords. which at times
leaves all tempo behind and swirls
around Ron Carter‘s bent bass
notes.

“Afro Centric" is a modal with
an Afro-Cuban beat that features
a much angrier solo by Hender-
son. He uses “sheets of sound”
intelligently. integrating it with
the rest of his statement which is
at all times completely coherent.

Mike Lawrence has a big fat
trumpet tone with a sharp edge.
He plays simple. but nice ideas.
Carter’s fast and furious bass lines
give the song extra punch. Han-
cock's and DeJohnette's (especial-
ly) work on this track is exem-
plary.

Ron (‘arter‘s “Opus One-Point-
l’ive" is written at a slow pace
with a nearly indistinguisluible
melody; where the melody leaves
off and Henderson‘s improvisation
begins is different to discern. This
type of song leaves him open for
some brilliantly conceived. subtle
ideas and inner tempo changes.

“Isotope” is an angular Monkish
theme which begins with fast
chromatic arpeggios by Hancock
traded off against the slow walk-
ing of Carter's bass. Henderson
then jumps in to contribute a
notable solo and eventually goes
into exchanges with Jack DeJohn-
ette.

“Power to the People" is an
Eastern tinged melody written in
a minor key. Henderson grows
gradually in intensity playing. for
the most part. nvante guarde lines
reaching a peak with some slash-
ing DeJohnette drumming and
stunning chords by Hancock..
Lawrence is rather limited here,
but the emotional message still
comes across clearly. There is
some sort of telepathy between
Hancock and Carter. as Hancock
frantically skips through Carter‘s
bass lines with an exciting and
well varied solo.

Henderson speeds up “Lazy
Afternoon" breathing new life
into the old standard by reshaping
and elaborating during some
funky accompaniment by
Hancock, “Foresight and After
thought" is a three part suite that
has a remarkable solo by Hender-
son. There is just a trio on this
one and the tenorist really stretch-
es out. kicking his heels over a
cooking rhythm section, The se-
cond part has some slow. biting
moans. The .“new thing“ never
had it so good. The third section
is back to the hard romping that it
began with

Alan Hciueman is, in my opinion.
the most intelligent and interes-
ting and witty music critic today.
His notes on this album are in-
sightful and stimulating. They add
to the album rather than adVertise
it. He should be given more
opportunity for this kind of wri-
ting.

ll' there is any real star it is
Henderson. But much attention
must be given to the rhythm men.
not only for their supreme solo
accomplishments. but their always
appropriate and propelling accom-
paniment. It is mixture of team
work and individuality that cre-
ates a muterpaice such as this.

 

"Mountain" will appear at the Palace Theater Sunday. April 4. The group‘s latest album is “Nantucket

Sleighridc.‘

 

on?) a. c  at .t meg i9 _-_-.-\,f-.-1“" ‘7‘ B‘i-tkﬁri-‘W
is :._i.:‘ ‘33.}. nth. or. Less om \20‘1‘“  \~  'tt'l‘

 

THAT'S ALL FOLKS!
the Albany Student Press
will resume publication on
Wednesday. April l4th.

 

 

RAY ROGERS
Printing Contractor. Inc.

100 Ninth Street
’l'on. New York

Quality Instant Printing
...Spiral Binding

....’l‘heses
...Collcge Material a Specialty

 

 

 

. m. 1—. new,“ s. m..- - _. .

e
a

 

‘ “as.

v 4wﬁumilxiwfh

    

mam rerun»,  

           
   
 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Vol. LVlll No. 28

Registrar Explains
Exam Schedules

The Spring Schedule of Final Exams represents an innovative
change in the scheduling and administration of final tests here
at SUNYA. The Office of the Registrar has reteused the
following explanation in order to clarify this new system to the
University community.

Final examinations for most regular day time courses have
been scheduled with reference to the class meeting times and
days during which these courses were taught during the spring
scmestcr. All courses taught during a common time module.
such as MWI“. 9:l(l-|0:00 are scheduled for examinations in
their regular classrooms at a common examination hour—Le.
Friday. May 7. 8:30-10:30. Exceptions to these are courses
designated on the examination schedule for “departmental
exams." In these cases all sections of courses so designated will
meet at the common exam times identified on the exam
schedule regardless of when each section was taught during the
semester. Room assignments for these exams will be announced
in class as will those others indicated in the opening statement
at the top of the exam schedule.

The letter designations appearing in parentheses immediately
to the left of the meeting times are not significant to the
student in determining the time and day of his final
examinations. These references merely identify the basic
scheduling modules that made up the class scheduling pattern
followed this semester.

Final examinations for Late Afternoon and Evening Courses
generally are scheduled to begin at their regular starting times in
their regular classrooms on the first day of the exam period on
which the courses ordinarily meet. Exceptions are noted with
an asterisk on the Late Afternoon and Evening Exam Schedule
accompanying the day time exam schedule.

Some minimum number of individual student examination
conflicts exists within this schedule pattern. Ideally. the final
examination schedule should be developed in conjunciton with
the semester Schedule of Classes. We would expect to reach this
point during the coming school year.

Because the schedule follows the basic class schedule pattern.
we‘would not expect any need to deviate from the published
schedule. Individual observations regarding the effectiveness of
this type of schedule, following its initial use. are solicited and
will be appreciated.

 

[could Rigermau. a recently expatriated Soviet Jew. spoke about the suppression of the Jewish culture

in the U.S.S.R.

_ > _ .Y. . . __
an. anrvm‘rimo' a»; V

State University of New York at Albany

 
  

Wednesday. April l4. |97l

'oﬂi

 

 

   

Final exams are quickly approaching. Last minute studying will be taking place— probably the night of

May 6 since tile ﬁrst day of exams is May 7!
"daemon

Rigerman Retells Horrors

0f Jewish Life in USSR

by Vicki Gottlich

The suppression of Jewish culture within the Soviet Union became the theme of Leonid Rigerman, a
recently cxpatriated Soviet Jew in a talk given here at SUNYA. The March 3lst discussion. sponsored by
the Student Coalition for Soviet Jewry, drew the attention of area students and interested community
members.

Rigerman is a short man with black hair and beard. His accented. halting speech belied the fact that he
has been in this country only seven weeks. A physicist born of American parents in the Soviet Union and
raised there. Leonid and his mother went to the American Embassy in Moscow and demanded
expatriation.

Rigerman did not speak of his release. Instead. he told of his life in
Russia to outline the hardships that Soviet Jews endure. Throughout
his younger years. he believed what he learned in school. that the
Soviet Union is a wonderful country whose people have all the rights
denied the residents of the capitalist countries. He learned that there
shouldn't be any nationalities. but that all should unite into one
which is world-wide. He learned. too. that there were some people
unworthy of this beautiful theory. and these were the Jews. Rigerman
told of attempting to suppress his Jewish traits and be like “everyone
else." He knew nothing about Judiasm. having learned in school that
Jews have no culture and history. and that even their language,
Yiddish. is merely a corruption of German. He knew nothing of
Hebrew.

The Soviet physicist explained how Israel has changed his attitude as
well as the attitudes of many of his fellow Soviet Jews. Rigerman
found it hard to express himself as he told of the fears of all Jews in
1948. when Israel was created. since all Jews were thought of as CIA
agents within the USSR.

As an eight year old boy. he found it difficult to understand the
fears of his elders. as well as the crime of being Jewish. He then went
on to talk of the Six Day War. which he called a miracle. He began to
think and get together with others as he and the whole world saw that
Jews do have something to be proud of in the state of Israel. He
learned. too. that Jews do have a history. a culture. and a language. He
experienced “liberation” and stopped suppressing his “inherent
Jewishncss." Rigcrman discovered the nature of Soviet propaganda
and began to study about the western world.

Rigerman ended by speaking of conditions in Russia today.
Although the Soviet constitution guarantees freedom of speech and
assembly. a person who says something undermining Soviet authority
is put lll prison. according to Rigerman. Rigermun contends that many
of the Jews in prison now were convicted simply because they studied
Hebrew. He told how, every Saturday night. nobody slept in the
building where he lived. for people were always taken away. never to
return. He closed by saying that the people decided they can't just
give tip their Jewisliness and live in peace. The price is betraying their
people and their Jewishness.

The audience gave Rigarman an ovation before and after his speech.
There was a slight demonstration afterwards as members of Student
Coalition for Soviet Jewry. sang Hebrew songs to emphasize the need
for aid to the Soviet Jews.

---goodman

 

