  

 

 

j, s -1»

 

am
Easter 3113 Service
May Become Regular

 

For students leaving campus for EasterVacation,
Greyhound buses will be leaving from the circle on
Thursday, April 1 for New York City and on
Friday, April 2 for New York City, Utica, Syracuse,
Rochester, Buffalo, Binghamton, and Ogdensburg.
Buses will be provided as needed. The only require-
ment is a minimum of 32 passengers per bus.

All buses will return to SUNYA on Sunday, April
11 except the Binghamtan and Ogdensburg runs.
These trips will return to the Albany bus depot
unless there are enough students to fill a bus going
directly to the circle. In the event there aren’t
enough students to fill the Ogdcnsburg bus, the trip
will be combined with either the Utica or Syracuse
runs.

For those going to New York City, reboarding
passes will be issued for use at Port Authority. The
pass indicates a specified time for return to Albany.
Passes will also be used in determining the number
of coaches needed. It is necessary that once a
returning time is designated, it must be kept.

One-way tickets will be sold and round-trip tickets
are good for any Greyhound bus returning from New
York City to Albany, either to campus or to the
depot. Tickets will be sold across from check‘cash-
ing from Monday thru Thursday beginning at l0
a.m.

This service is scheduled to continue every week-
end beginning after Easter vacation only if the
response is favorable. One final note—inter-state
tariffs are going up 5% on April 1.

 

, Correction

ALBANY sruosnr’sasss

 

  

Proposed Defrred-Tuition Plan
Aimed at Saving

by Bruce Detlefsen
AP Education Writer

An official of the state's busi-

tax dollars and helping parents
escape astronomical education
bills.

“You‘ve got to be a millionaire
to educate your kids in college if

 

In the Friday, March 26 edition of the ASP the page one story
entitled "Albany Coalition Sets Spring Plans" erroneously stated
“a minimum income of $6,500 for a family of four in Vietnam."
It should have read “a minimum income of $6,500 for a family of
four in the U.S."

 

 

 

Craftsmen & A rtists Needed

MABOU is opening a new store in Saratoga early in
April. Jewelry, clothing, sculpture, prints, gift items, &
any unique objects will be bought or consigned.

Please Contact:
Mark or Elizabeth at 785-9713

 

ness community proposed Thurs- you try to do it out of your own
dny that New York adopt a “de' pocket," John J. Roberts, execu-
ferred-tuition" plan for public and me vice president of the Empire
private colleges aimed at saving State Chamber of commerce_ told

a news conference at the Capitol.
NDTORCYCLE INSURANCE Robertssaid the deferred-tuition
Same Day FS—l

system would enable the students
themselves to charge part of or
Barry Scott 462-9796
90 State St., Albany

 

even all of their tuitions against
their future earnings.

A key consideration, the chame
her said, is that “no student
would be denied a college educa-
tion because of financial inability
to meet that cost."

Moreover, the statement con
tinued, “if it is true that a higher
education adds to the ability of
Dav NET/emu!) the student to earn a higher in-

 

 

 

——_—.—
PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
Ill/II Sclccll‘ii' ’I'_\'pcuu‘llcr
l'.'.\/)cricnccrl IIl all lypcs ri/
Urn-{oral “Is-scrmllnns
l .-.l Ill'llt'llllilllll' lil'lyu I'
Iliuln-uhtldi- Il.|l|.'~.

:all t162-6283

 

come in his lifetime, then for

 

Jeans. Slacks. Shirts. Vests. Jackets. Socks. Western Wear. Boots.

 

Wra nglerwlogns it:
Mr. \X/ro n9 lcr Sportswear

Wromombol a. "w" u ulom.

 

what better expenditure could be
possible borrow?"

Moreover, the CUNY and SUNY
tuitions also would reflect true
costs, meaning they would climb
substantially beyond the basic

 

The Department of Comparative
and World Literature is offering
two courses which were omitted
from the catalogue. These courses,
taught by Dr. J. Szovcrffy, are
both worth ll credits, and are
offcrcd for Fall, 1971.

CWL 491, cnlitlcd “Literature
and Culture in l7lh century Eur~
ope", will fcaturc readings from
Frcnch, (icrmuu, Italian, and
Spanish literalurc. Mutual I‘l'IlllltIlI

Ip bclwccn lill-ralurc, nrl, music,
in! social forms, (it"llvs and
poclic forms will all play a purl, us

 

Contact:

 

 

 

 

Stranded
from Europe?
Section III International

will accommodate all those
who“ flights were cancelled.

There’s still time

to book a flight.

Bob Burstein
457-5028 or

  
  

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1971

-——solomon

on Education

State Univel.ity charge that will
be $550 as of next fall.

Such a step for the two public
systems undoubtedly would
prompt enthusiasm from some
state government officials who
long have espoused higher tuition
charges.

In his letters, Roberts proposed
that the State University “would
no longer be selling a ‘cul ratc'
tuition in competition with pri-
vate colleges."

Therefore, he added with tho
present gap between public and
private college tuitions sulistznr
tially narrowed, "students would
be free to choose a colli-gi- IIIISHI
on excellence, rather than cost,
and private colleges and the State
University would be on a more
equal footing in their ball. idl’
survival."

Roberts conceded lha'. llicrc
may be hurdles he did not lurcst'l‘.
In addition, he pointed nul that
the state probably would havv to
float in large bond issue to launch
the program, since there would la-
a time lag before a significant
amount of money was paid back

Two New CWl (ouros for Full ’71

well as an invcsligalion of llu-
torms “Buroquc",“(flassirism". I‘Il'

CWL 510, “Seminar in Nun-ruini-
Modes", is an ('Xllllllllllllun ol
functions and forms of Imrl'nlm-
discourse in oral and Wl'lllt'll Illl‘l
nturc. 'I'Iic lcxlnnl Inilll'l‘ldl llM'lI
may (‘llllll‘ from inlcrmlliolml Iolk
lulc, lradilional cpic, .ind llll'lIlt'\.|I
qu'rulivcs in Latin. From-h, til-r
man, and English.

For l'urlbcr nil'ornmlion, plum-
conlucl Dr. Suivcrl'l'y .Il ln'
N‘llll'). All coursos :n'o, ol’comw Hi
English.

      
 
  
 
 
 
      

 

 
 

346-3360

  

 

 

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1971

r I

«

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Dream of days to come—of rainbows, butterflies. and daisies.

---pol.\‘kow.\'ki

French Black Literature Course

To Be Researched by Alexander

by Howard Mahler

Douglas Alexander II, Professor in the Department
of Romance Languages, has received a Summer
Stipend for Young Humanisls from the Nulional
Endowman for Humanities Foundation. His object
is to rest-arch French Literature in countries outside
of lfi'aiicc cspcciully in Old French Wcsl Africa

Senegal, Dakor, Dahomey, Guinea, Ivory Coasl,
and possibly Morocco and the Republic of the
Congo are on Alexander‘s itinerary.

Alexander plans to discuss trends in Frcnch Black
lituralure. Investigations of the Negritutlc thcmc,
black idcutity, and thc anti-colonialism thcmc are
primary lopics. I’cnding on budget ullowancus tlicsc
discussions may be tape recorded.

'I‘cxl purchasing is another goal of thc trip. Much
of the lilcraturo produced in Africa is unavailable in
the Unilcd Stalcs.

A ('oursc Untitled “Black Lilcralurr- of French
Exprcssion" will [)0 crcnlcd from the obtained

literature for Spring of 1972 at SUNYA.

The long range goal is further research in West
Africa, North Africa, Madagascar, Quebec, and
Haiti. Haiti has a two hundred year literary history,
Madagascar is the home of MA. Cesare, a rcnowned
French pOet. Hence the research goal is nol ncccs-
sarin Black litcraturc, but Frcnch litcrzilurc oulsidc
of Francc.

Alexander noted [but during the lillltl's French
translations ol American Black wrilcrs such as
Langston Hughes and Claude McKay had an impact
on Black studenls from Africa studying in France.
'I‘hc impact will be further undcrslond through
research on the French Black literalurc.

Dr. Alexander will travel alone for omI month
before returning to the United Stalcs. Ilis status is
tourist and is “absolutely apolitical." Hc plans to
visit areas outside of cities, untouched by the
twentieth century. He hopes to receive a one year
grant in order to conduct further research and
cover an expanded spectrum of French Literature.

More Facts on Pre-Registration

by Tracy Egan

If you wanl to gel your [)I‘t‘ll'ﬂlsll‘llllUll ovcr with quickly and misin thcrc arc a few
things you should know. ’I‘hal 's the word from Assistant Registrar Donald Bunis.

For (inc thing, if you lllth‘ any debts outstanding with any department, lhc library,
infirmury, or bursar‘s nfficc, you won‘l be nblc lo pl‘l'~l‘l'uislt'l‘. So, pay up! No

prc-ruglslrnlion if you forch your student II), cillu'r.

If it 's fall courscs you '11- aflcr, bring a now salmon slripcd program curd. I'Iuvr‘ filled in
wilh ink your name and student number, and advisor‘s signalurc. Fill out lhc whitc
summer pm“I'cgislrutillll cards lln- same way. lucidonlly, you can pro-register for summcr
and fall at Ll!“ sumc limo. An area for summer prorcgislraliou will be in thc Colonial

loungc.

'l‘ho plll)lislicd nlpha-si-qucncc will be adhered lo strictly this prerogislration, wilh Ullt‘
correction. The inl'ornuuion sliccls distribulcd should rcnd, for thc dulc April 21i,Br~Bz.
You mighl bc Illll‘l'l‘SIl‘tI lo know that you can complete two scmcstcrs worlh of work
in certain L'ourscs ol'l‘i-rcd lhis sumnu-r. lnlcrosti-d'? Gcl yourself a Summer Bullclin in

room |‘.’.(l of lhc Adminislrulion Building.

PAGE 3

. Council “Rap” SessiOn

Reviews Photo Service

by Eric loss

Due to the lack of a quorum,
the Central Council meeting
scheduled for Thursday. March
25, was reduced to an informal
forum for discussion.

A significant part of this quasi-
legislative rap session was oc-
cupied by a review of Communi-
cations Commission. Questions
concerning the picture selection
and compensation policies of
Photo Service were of major im~
port. Dave Peck dircctcd attention
to the practice of student photo-
graphy editors possibly making
extra moncv through the selection
of an inordinatelyhigh number of
their own prints for publication.
An answer to this charge came
from a member of Photo Service
who referred to the long hours
put in by student photographers
for relatively small compensation.
Steve Gerber, chairman of Com-
munications Commission, agreed
to look into this in greater depth.

The Photo Service question was
followed by a statement of disap-
proval by Mike Lampcrt directed
at Communication Commission's
apparent abdication of its consti-
tutional responsibility. Lampcrt

cited the recent amendments to
the constitutions of Photo Service
and Sweet Fire as examples of the
Commission's undue extension of
its jurisdiction.

Next to be heard was a member
of the student body who was
contesting the recent appropria-
tion of funds to Sweet Fire. The
student felt that since Sweet Fire
was operating under an invalid
constitution as of the last issue, its
bills for that issue should not be
paid with Student Association
money. A brief explanation by
Dave Neufeld helped clarify this
point, and the student was given
the option of resubmitting this
complaint in committee or at the
next Council meeting.

Dave Neufeld then reported that
the washing machine problem on
State Quad has been basically
'roned out. FSA has agreed to pay
for the repair of the machines,
and laundry service is being re-
stored by B&M Distributors.

The meeting ended with a dis-
cussion as to why such a stale-
mating of Council's functioning
should have to occur as a result of
absenteeism of its members. The
continued delinquency by several
representatives was mentioned.

 

 

 

Illlull‘lllllnll About lECvAl, NEW YORI

-
ABORTIONS

'5 EXPERT Cl'lfllflil) GVNECOIOGISTS

. CHOICE OF TOI’ PRIVATE HOSPITALS
AND PRIVATE CLINICS

° APPOINTMENTS SCHEDUIED WITHIN
74 HOURS

0 TRAVII ARRANGEMENTS AVAIIAIILE

' TOTAL COST BELOW $2.50
FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES

IEIE INCIUDEU

(All Illlllll OITICE TOR ASSISTANCE
"IOI 3313/38 ‘2I2l835-l3I-l
*lm Yolk Mx-iluol Rulrual Agency

 

 

 

     

Only ALI. Panasonic
Store In The State
"LISTENING PLEASURE
YOU CAN AFFORD"

I THE!“ SlAl-if
"l’nimsoim Ii. lbc Wlltllt' ‘allilw'

In The Mun Mall Al
Mohawk Mall, Sclu-ni-cluilv
'I'l'l ll) I NI ll Iii Hill I
()pcn l0 ()0 u In To II III) p In
Monday 'l'hru Saturday

 
     
   
     
   
     

 

ASP TECH STAFF

launches

Spring Offensive
Wednesday, April 14th

at 7 PM
CC 323

Anyone interested in loining the
ASP Technical Stall is wolcomol‘

 

Do yourself a favor:

Join Campus Center
Governing Board!

Applications for 1971-72
available at CC Information Desk

March 29th-April 2nd

Due 5 PM April 2nd in cc 364

 

 

NOISE POLLUTION

DOES IT BOTHER YOU?
MEET THE PIONEER FAMILY
THEY DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.

GDPIONEER

SEE & HEAR THEM AT LAFAYETTE

 

 

 

Associate Stores of Seiden Sound

Albany Schenectady Glens Falls Pittsflcld Colonic

19 ('cnnl Aves Ill rm Ilrd.

“Sunl- St. N II M
462-9501 mom " °' '" 'I

701 UN)" Glm
mam 09-141. 459-155.

 

    

 

