  
   

 
  
  

l
l
i
[

omen‘

   

 

Was Professor X ﬁred because he was incompetent or because he
differed politically with senior faculty members?

Tenure :
Academic Freedom

by Robert A. Donovan
Professor of English

Vicki Zeldin's “Tenure: Who Does It Protect?" (ASP, Dec. 4) invites
a rejoinder. Miss Zeldin's main point is that academic tenure can
become a refuge for the incompetent. There is some force to this
argument, for tenure means, in effect, that a teacher‘s professional
competence may no longer be called in question, and a tenured
professor cannot be dismissed simply because he is not a good teacher,
though of course he may still be dismissed for such peccadilloes as
rape in broad daylight (before witnesses). One would think, obviously,
that the logic of this arrangement is perverse, to say the least, for it
seems to make no sense at all that a professor can be fired only for
causes which have nothing to do with his ability as a teacher or a
scholar.

The question should be not simply who is protected by tenure, but
also whom is he protected from? There was a time, not long ago,
when the chief threat to the non—tenured professor was the legislator
or other public official. but universities now seem to have more
autonomy, or at any rate to evince an admirable willingness to close
ranks against outside interference with their affairs, and, for the
moment, at least, a Reagan or a Kellcher is only a paper tiger. The
real danger to the non-tenured professor lies within the institution
itself, in the hands of those who are the judges of his professional
ability: administrators, senior colleagues, and students, who rate him
either explicitly in questionnaires or implicitly in their decisions to
take, or not to take, his courses.

The unfortunate truth of the matter is that nothing is easier than to
disguise personal or political animus as a disinterested criticism of
another's professional competence. Administrators who doubt a
professor’s loyalty to the institution may discover his incapacity for
professional growth; professors who disapprove of a colleague's
lifestyle may find that his scholarship is not sound; and students who
dislike his political views may be virtually unanimous about his poor
teaching.

Now a professor who must guard his tongue in the presence of
administrative officers of the university, or who must dress and think
like his colleagues, or assiduously cultivate his popularity among
students is not, in the most important sense, free. Of course I am
exaggerating the danger. for most people can and do keep their
personal likes and dislikes out of their professional judgments of
others, but though it can easily be exaggerated, the danger is not less
real. As long as the danger exists at all it is necessary to find some
procedure to enable professors to speak their minds freely, without
putting their jobs on the line. This is what academic freedom. the
most cherished privilege of the university professor, means, and
tenure, with all its disadvantages, is the most practicable method of
securing it.

Miss Zeldin concedes that tenures does “allow academic
freedom without fear," but the point is too casually made, and the
whole force of the concession is destroyed a moment later when she
goes on to assert (quite wrongly. in my opinion) that “theie would be
no fear if the teacher were rated by his teaching associates and his
students." I would like to ask whether young faculty members (and
some not-so~young ones) now facing the ordeal of tenure decision can
really do so “without fear." 'l‘o abolish tenure itself would merely
ensure that teachers would never be free from that particular l'car.

ALBANY arenas? mass

 U W V l lil ‘ I an
H ' -.  

    

A matter of national securities or Civil liberties?

...schru'lzer

Liberty vs Security

by Mitchell Frost

“When a Senate subcommittee opens hearings next month into
alleged Army snoopings on civilians, it will have a tough time figuring
out where to lay the blame," said the New York Post (Jan. 5, 1970).
The above statement should be of great interest to all Americans
concerned with the protection of our civil liberties. l certainly hope,
therefore, that subcommittee comes up with some answers.

Certainly the government has the right to keep files on known
criminals and criminal organizations. This is an important and very
valuable tool which the F.B.l. can effectively use when tracking down
suspects. One certainly doesn’t want to hamper law enforcement
officials from carrying out their duties the hopeful result of which will
be a safer and freer America. More importantly, though, the public
must be informed of the existence of such files and must be made
aware that those files are used only to solve crimes and in no way
infringe upon the right of privacy that the individual holds most
sacred.

Now we hear of ﬁles quite different from those compiled by Efrem
Zimbalist, Jr. on Sunday nights. The files are, admits Secretary Laird,
kept by the Department of Defense although he personally feels that
such information should be compiled and kept by the Justice
Department. These are "secret" files which no one knew about until
recently and, it seems, which date all the way back to 1967.

If this is true it means that the Pentagon, never a popular place with
the Woodstock crowd, has for several years now been "snooping" on
civilians participating in peace demonstrations and Black Power
extremist groups like the Panthers.

The Panthers, an avowed militant, racist, separatist organization
responsible for many bombings and many deaths not to mention the
intense climate of violence and fear prevailing over the nation, are
certainly deserving of the honor for the sake of national security.
Those members of peace organizations who have taken to using violence
as a means of expressing their discontent with the war, the pentagon,
the police, the universities, motherhood, apple pie, etc., etc., must
also expect a worried government to keep an eye on them.

What worries me about these files is that they are being compiled by
the Defense Department. If anyone poses a threat to our national
security, let his file be kept by the F.B.I. no! the Defense Department.

They appear to be going beyond the mere scope of national security
and entering into the realm of Big Brother. Such a course is very easy
to follow and is very dangerous. l'm not suggesting that we're at that
stage yet, but if files on certain individuals and organizations are
needed for reasons of national security, let them be kept for those
reasons and those reasons only,

The public, however, had been kept in the dark about their
existence, implying that the scope of the operations is more
widespread than would be tolerated by an enlightened public. This
congers up dim reminders of Adolf Hitler mid is certainly not to be
tolerated in a free society.

Perhaps the files are not all that widespread, though; perhaps it's
really a small time operation bungled by an awkward bureaucracy "ll
dim prophecy of what is to come if we allow the government to grow
any larger than It already is. Let's pray for the heal and hope that the
Senate subcommittee investigating the investigators will shed some
light on the whole subject In the meantime, he sure to sleep with one
eye open lor you never know; your own roommate may really be

 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1971

     

ERICA" IIAIIDIGRAFTS Off——
a PLASTIC FLOWER SUPPLIES
o DECOUPAGE

o LIQUID PLASTIC

c MOSAICS

0 COPPER ENAMEL

c LAMPS
o CANDLE SUPPLIES

o KITS FOR GROUPS

Hf" CATALOGUI
MAfL ORDERS
heated Willi The Radio Shack

comm!
sggii'tiia 459-1362

«ﬂew. a,”

 

 

ASP ORGANIIATIONAI. MEETING
Wednesday, January 27 7:00
SS 119

All old sliil'l' members please ailcud
openings on all slal'l's

 

 

 

 

Notice

The, ASP is soliciting columns from all members of llu-
Unlvorsity Community. Columns pertaining to politics world and
national events, university issues, to mime a few, are wizlcomvd. If
Interested in submittin ' a column is contact Bob Warner.

 

CAN YOU DO IT
Photographer's Moch Wanlcd
rolllacl Ii‘l’l BACHELOR
send photo to:
Bachelor, RPI /

Troy, .V. 12180
or call Davu Kay'mn at 274-0 [.12

 

 

 

 

 

' FRIDAY, JANUARY .22, 1971

Editorial Comment

   

FSA

The FSA is not loved on this campus.

Isn’t it about time, though, that people, especially the Central
Council and LAAC, learned to look beyond sensational issues and
accusations to the real problems, and began making constructive
suggestions?

The next year will be an opportune time for changes in the FSA
hierarchy, and it will do no one any good to castigalc the many
decent, hard-working FSA employees simply for vindictive rea-
sons.

FSA can and must be rcfonncdﬁbul lcl's gel at the real causes
of the stagnation- not their apologists,

Sensational Spec

By now everyone has heard about Barnett “Spec” Fowler and
the great Saylcs Hall Expose. Fowler and his grandstanding have
served (as usual) to blow a small incident all out of proportion. In
this particular case, it‘s the defacing of a student lounge by
(supposedly) the inhabitants of lhal dorm.

There‘s a sci procedure. in cffccl for years, whcrchy lhc
residents of the dorm will split the rcpainling costs. Spcc's big
publicity campaign hasn‘t caused any harsh crackdown or awful
punishment, and aren‘t likely to it does, though, add fuel to
anti-student feeling in the community. This doesn't help anyone,
but it does sell newspapers.

1 don‘t like defacing buildings. Neither do I like defacing
people— but Spec obviously has no ohjcclion lo such an act. I
wonder, incidentally, how Spcc gained acccss lo a locked
dormitory. Defacing slate properly is quite against the law, Mr.
Fowler, bul then so is criminal trespass!

Speak!

Mandatory student tax supports this paper, and since everybody
pays the tax, everyone should be aware of our cdiiorial policy.
Since we are funded only by students, we are responsible only to
students. All our writing is done by sludcnls. Our technical staff
are students, and even our secretary is a sludan

No one censors any ASI’ arliclc; our only limit is space.

In short, students, members of lhc Sludcnl Association, arc
everything, and wilhoul lhcm lhcrc could he no ASP. if you think
you can help, in any way, from writing lo lcch work, come on up
and make yourself known, It‘s your paper, and only what you
make it.

The Right to Communicate is no privilege; you have a right to
exercise it, and this newspapcr is your incdinm for doing so.

:1... 

albany student press

lhonius g. clingun
edilor-in-chief

managing editor executive editor
. . . aralynn aharc , . . carol hughes
advertising manager news edilor . I .
I ' Jeff wagers . Vicki 'Lcltllll
assistant advertising manager
barhara coopcrman

technical editors

features edilur

. . john o'grady
assistanl features ('dilor
sue seligson . debhie nalansolm

v dun Williams arls editor
associate technical editors . .

. tom rhodcs" imam-lulu urta cdilor

michele palclla

linda waters

. . warren wishart ~ ~
circulation manager “For” 0‘1"”

sue faulkner . . huh lurcmba
graffiti/classified columns editor h
' ‘ icr

. dorothy plulhp .ho wan

‘ " 'dilm‘
Rraphlcs (fly L ‘ ‘
' elhs
. jou gultman . . . . I .miki.
pliolngruplly cdllor

business manager .
ed p otskowski

.chuck ribak

Th! Albany Student Press has its main office in Room 326 of the Campus
Center of the State University of New York at Albany. Thu ASP was
founded in 1916 and la a member of the Associated Press. We are funded by
I mind-tow student tax, and our phones are 467-2190 and 2194.

Communications are limited to 300 words and are subject to editing.

in-chief (whose signature appears

 

 

Editorial policy in determined by the editor-
above).

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 11

'OK! OK! YOUR LOUSY MORAL! HAS MADE THE GENERAL CRY AND I HOPI YOU'RE PROUD
OF YOURSELVISI'

 

r f
dimming

game lik‘lﬁ ,

oner'm
dill

Communications

 
 
 

Kent State

To the Editor:

While some members of the
university cry to destroy the de-
structive and exploitive American
capitalist system, one of the most
insidious examples of this system
controls this campus. The Faculty
Student Association has this uni-
versity in a death grip.

This association controls the en-
tire economic systcm of this uni-
versity. It has a monopoly on
everything from cashing checks to
feeding students. One cannot es-
cape dealing with this highly ex-
ploitive organization. It has a
great deal of power.

One example of the economic
slavery perpetrated by this organ-
ization can be seen in the Colonial
Quad kitchen. As a dish line work-
er in this cafeteria, I worked fora
boss who exercises authoritarian
control over his workers. He
forces them to work in an area
with potentially dangerous and
inadequate machines for incred-
ibly low wages. This man gave the
student workers a general raise
coupled with a new deduction for
meals. This deduction virtually
eliminated the raise. Mr (Iarrow is
only conccmedwith making a pro
fit in his kitchen. The welfare of
the students who work for him or
those who eat in the cafeteria
does not concern him. The Colon-
ial Quad kitchen does not serve
the university; it merely seers to
make a profit for those in the
hierarchy of the Faculty Student
Association.

Eric Morrison

Getting Up Steam

Sir:

You students are told you will
have the country wrun.l think it is
time to start. If protesters got
everything they want, the smog
would kill them all so they have
gained nothing.

We are told the factories are
causing the smog.

In HMO we used coal for fuel,
almost every home in Denver, also
the railroads and all the factories.

We all know it is the gas operat-
ed combusion engines.

Burying autos doesn't help—that
just puts money in the manufact-
urers’ pockets. It is time all the
colleges in the nation unite and
demand the U.S. House and Sen-
ute stop all combustion engines
and auto imports coming at once.
Give the auto manufacturers six
months to tool up and produce a

steam auto. This Would put a lot
of people out of work. That is
why we don't hear much about
the main polluter, “the auto."
Don't you think it is better to be
out of Work than be dead from
poison that we are breathing?
Take action now—before it’s later
than we think!

Act with all the determination
that can be rendered. Have each
student in every college through-
out the nation send letters to their
parents urging them to write their
lawmakers in Washington, D.C.
telling them to act now and that
we want no extensions or delays
in regards to the main air polluter,
the combustion engine.

The steam car will act and look
finer than any car we ever exper-
ienced yet. After this is accomp-
lished, this air poisoner will still
be with us ten to fifteen years.

The citizens of this nation as
well as all students had better act
aan now. We heard a statement on
television a short time ago that
the gas car will be with us the rest
of time. Let’s make this forcast
false.

Money making must not come
ahead of our health any longer.

Sam Martin

F SA

To the Editor:

ASP—isn't that a misspelling?
With all the shit that gets thrown
around this campus, it isn't sur-
prising that you students don't
know what the hell‘s going on in
this country. The blatant fool
who wrote your article on the
Kent murders was typical of the
best the New York Daily News
could produce. Don‘t you people
verify the dribble you print?

I lived in Kent for a year and a
half, up until last fall. I really
didn‘t need the Pig President‘s
Commission report or the FBI to
tell me that the Guard murdered
four of our sisters and brothers.
These points are obvious, but the
media missed a few things, The
governor of Ohio had all phone
lines cut in the vicinity of Kent.
The ﬁrst reports of the skirmish
arrived at New York‘s Pacifica
underground radio station WBAI
after their local contacts drove for
hours to get to a phone that
worked. The rest of the media
picked up the story and proceed-
ed to distort, as usual. The great
Amerikan sniper myth appeared,
as it had at Jackson State.

We know some of the guys in
the Ohio Guard. A great number
of the draft dodgers, right-on; but
they knew that if they didn't live
up to the Guard‘s “kill-Commie-

 

hippie" training. they’d be ship-
ped to the front lines of Nam on
the next plane. They were tired,
having recently been used to
break a state-wide Truck driver‘s
strike, and one of the lifer types
tried to "scare" the demonstrators
with one of his own hand guns.
The rest of the Guardsmen follow-
ed his lead, and the officer waited
a hell of a long time to give a
cease-fire order.

This wasn’t an isolated case—a
brother was killed in Lawrence,
Kansas and two in Boston during
the summer. We‘re finally learning
to protect ourselves against these
puppets of the corporations.
From now on it won’t be so easy
for them to gun us down.

All Power to the People
Gnossos Pappadopoulis

Oppression

An Open Letter
The trials of Jews in the Soviet

Union, conducted under the pre-n

text of their Zionist and anti-
Soviet activities, and the long
term sentences, including slow
death through starvation, meted
out, are symbolic of the wave of
terror and anti-Semitism now at
large throughout the Communist
world. Jews are again held hostage
by a totalitarian power, and per-
sccuted and tortured as enemies
of the country, while the world
watches silently. But unlike 30
years ago when similar actions
presaged the beginning of a mass
Jewish extermination, the world
now can no longer claim that it
had no knowledge of these crimes.

Since it is generally felt that
these persecutions would not be
taking place today were the public
opinion climate not thought to be
receptive to the idea of a new
Jewish blood bath, it is important
that those who want to prevent it
speak out NOW.

A small group of survivors of the
Nazi death camps, Auschwitz and
Buchenwald, is taking this step to
ask the intellectuals, leaders and
writers, the professors, the stu-
dents and the media, all those
who on so many occasions pro-
tested the oppression of different
peoples, to break their silence
now.

We, who escaped the Nazi gas
chambers where millions of de-
fenseless and innocent died, urge
you to protest the reviviul of this
medieval form of witch hunt for
the sake of political expediency.

Harry Jacin and 29 others
BUCHENWALD SURVIVORS
P.O. Box 2082

Darion, Conn.

 

 

