 

MONDAY~WL19v1971 . ALBANY STUDENT mass ' PAGE 5- . — ». ,

 

PAGE 4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

Soviet Jewry: Cultural Extermination ' ' 
. If] am not for myself, who will be for. me? ’ 
If I am for myself alone, what am I? '

 

 

1' u» "usuaﬂwebm—‘sam

 

 

The Social Aspect

by Barry Silverberg

There are three-and-one-half million Jews living within the
borders of the Soviet Union. That number becomes substantially
larger when we consider all the Jews living under communist
governments dominated by the Soviet policies. Nevertheless, that
is three-and-one-half million people who are being denied their
essential human right of transmiting and living their culture. In
the Soviet Union, this condition has existed for a long time.

Removing from consideration the long history of pogroms, the
Pale of Settlement in the nineteenth century (in which Jews were
confined to certain strictly defined provincial areas--where they
were easy subjects of pogroms), the long series of Cossack
brutalities, the injustices meted out by the Tsars, and the
Jew-hated syndrome so much a part of the Russian character, we
can begin to examine why the Jew wants to much to leave the
USSR today.

Jews constitute the fifth largest urban group, and are tenth
largest of the one hundred and eight nationalities within the
Soviet Union. As reported in the most recent issue of Newsweek
Jews compose 1.5% of the total Soviet population, but are 10% of
the membership of the Soviet Academy of Sciences (akin to the
experts with whom the President consults in matters of import-
nnce). Indeed, the Soviet state cannot claim that the Jews are a
paEisitic minority (as they did in 1948, as they had in the 1930's),
for the statistics proved otherwise.

Somewhere within the deep, unexplainable paranioa that is the
Soviet leader's mind, a fear of Jews exists. According to Article
124 of the Soviet Constitution, all nationalities and religions arc
guaranteed the right to remain free and unhampcrcd. But by
1048, this was clearly not the practice with regard to Jews.

The years 1948 to [953 are known in Ru. ian chish history as
the Black Years. In that period, Stalin Wags-d a frightful purge of
Jews from all state positions, and attempted (as many in history
before him had attempted to do) to exterminate Jewish culture in
the USSR. He procecdcd to close the theatres: the world
renowned Moscow Jewish State Theatre was closcd in til-l0; to
murder the Yiddish writers, artists, and intelligentsia; to closc thc
synagogues of the religious Jews; and to tcrroroizc all those who
still held fast to their chishncss.

A campaign was waged by the Soviet propagandists to make the
average Soviet citizen associate the Jew with a “world-wide
Zionist conspiracy" and to causo the ostracism of thc ch from
day-to-day Sovict lifc. Jews were depicted in cartoons (in official
newspapers--thcrc are no other kinds in Russia!) as “homecss
wanderers"...“alien clements"..."mcn without a country." 'I‘hc
pictures themselves, were in accordance with the stercotypc of the
Jew from the Middle Ages: long hooked nose, and shifty eyes. In
a sense, the Soviets hadn't really come much further from the
Middle Ages in the tlchlopmcnt of a collective conscience,

Soon, these “homeless wandcrcrs" and “alien elements" wcrc
associated with the Zionists who threatened the Sovict state.
From that point on, Zionist equalled ch, Jew cquallcd “alicn
element," and all cquallcd “aiiti~Sovict," A masterpiccc of logic
was accomplished: excelled only by the work of Josuph (iocbbcls.

In this atmosphere, ninc doctors were placcd on trial in Moscow
for plotting and carrying out the murder of two important Soviet
leaders and of the furthcr planning of morc “medical murdcrs."

 

 

The Soviet press wcnt wild with the allegations. 'l'hc officnil
release read: “terrorist Jewish doctorS... connected With the
intcmational Jewish bourgcousic-nationa|ist organization ‘Joint'
set up by American intelligence services“ have planned the dcaths
of Soviet leaders. And out of this mayhem of charges came the
sentencing of the nine doctors, and a renewed vigor to thc Soviet
anti-Semitic campaign. ’

Stalin died in 1953 and the campaign stopped for a while. The
doctors were restored their "good names,"(nobody in the Soviet
system bothered to record that only three doctors had Ichd
through the months of imprisonment) and tiiitiScmitism was
declared contrary to the principles ('2) of the Soviet state I’U‘icl.‘
had come for the Soviet ch, somc thought. I ‘

But Khruschcv, despite his damnations of Stalin, wasn't much
different in his trcatmcntof the Jews. llc turned from charges of
“('osniopolitanism" (Stalin's favorite chiirgcl to charges of “cro-
noniic crimes." Ifruiii 1050-1063, at least lfit) chs wuri- i-xccuIi-d
lor petty t‘Ctilltil‘lllt‘ crimes Who ran guess upon thc number
i-liminati-d Without, pnblicilvi‘

Mi-ssi-rs. llrczbiicv and Kosygin liavvn't tri-ati-d tln- .li-w llltlt‘ll
bi-lti-r With their insatialili- iii-i-d to appcasi- the Arabs, Kosygin
has allowed a campaign (if not hang insiitnicil ll liimsi-lf') of
iilill Si-iinlism to i'illlllllllt‘ ()n this saiiiv pagc, lllt'l'l' ari- cartoons
lroni Sin/wt iicwspapi-r's, In which you can clearly si-c tlic honkcd
noses of ihv Zionists, tllt‘ (ltlllllt't'lltlll of ch with Nam, and othcr
ilhpt't‘la fii tln-ir malicious campaign.

It has l)l!t'li Wl‘lllt‘ll aiitl ri-wriltcii liniidi’i-dsof liini-s lli both Ilic
ASP and larger>1'irculating newspapers, yet still the world llt‘h
dormant while the Jews of thc llSSIt i-oiilinuc to sufl‘i-r llil‘
lltlll'l'tl of a “classless socicty." 'l‘lic tiint- is now to bring pressure
upon lllt' SiiVicta to irhangc llll'll' anti Scinilic thrust V

'I‘lu- aiisWi-r to the l‘onlition for SiiVit-t .lcwry's ipicstion is
answwablv, you can answw it

 

If not llliW, wlicn'.‘

 

community in showing our can“.
Union.

 

 

The vigil itself, will begin at 7:00 Pllli
presence and concern to be visible, we ask
When we reach the State Capital steps V
candles, by both survivors and studentslot
by a playlet and then a program of spam,
Holocaust victims, and services-both email
intended to create an awareness of there
three and one-half Jews locked up in the So

 

\ﬁ
WV? {ff/emf: 13°” that you Will all a there with us, at DraperHall at 5:00
9 "e5 “y' p"! 213’ l0 "WC" lo the sum; capital and join with the Albany
m and tolidarity with the Jews within the Soviet

at night, but in order for the University‘s
you to join in the march we haVe planned.
it will begin with the lighting of Yahrzeit
ocal Hebrew schools. This will be followed
1, playlets, readings, reading of the names of
e and traditional. Combined, the program is
ity of six million deaths and the reality of
tiet Union.

If not now, when?

 

Rabbi Hillel
“Perkei Abot”

 

 

 

 

 

Soviet

 

 

“Properties from the Third Reich".
— Kazakhstanskaya Pravda, July 10, I968

 

 

 

 

I an) a Jew. I want to ll\'t' lil tiit' .li-Wisli Slutt- ‘l'his i.» ni\ Hill” I“" "
In lth‘ til the Ukraine. llll' right of a Russian to lt\’|' in llnssm lilt' uric wt 1‘“
I want to live in Israel

“"5 '5 "‘3' (lrcani. this is ihc goal not only ol “H No lltll .ilw tti lip on“
wmrh lnwlrv‘h'd ""5 “r “W duct-slurs wbn \vrri- t'\|ll'lll'ti lllilll llll'il twill

l Wm” “W i‘hililri-n to study in .i school it] Iln- llt‘lll'l'“ |.iin:n.iill' l“ ‘i’ “ '
to llllt‘llll a .lcivisli llit-ati'i- What's wrong Willi Ili,.i ' \\||,.i p. .m ililllt‘ “0*
by tho fascists. Mv t'allicr pci'islicil .iiiil lll\ ]lil||'ltl\ \\l'|l' lillll'li “I i' W‘ ‘

httiiitlllig at my sidi- la'i mi- grill"

’\*l‘l"t11|~\l lth‘. as long as I am t'illlilllit‘ of tooling, lsliall ilmui. ,: cm
av - - - - "
:‘ Ilillll IUI lsracl. And I‘Vt'll II you should llllll || |14i\\llllt' in .. nit-nu m- ‘
ivc - . -.

""11 t'lttlltlll In lit tit-oil, bc pri-pari-il cvvn tin-n in lllrliit' III\ on .r. u
my ain't-slurs "

 

.. 'iunilrvds ut' ut'lit‘l‘iilltillh

. iI-nglh to i)lil.i||l .tll |'\ll

thi- light of .l Ukrainian
wruhill to lth' Iii (ivm'gia

id iIl'\\’|.\Il l)il|lt'l.\, I want
l".\' I'i‘liiliVi-s Wi'i‘c shut
NW now. llit'_\' \voiild ill‘

lllx lwhall .in,\'w.i_\ , H l
mu in lilt' Innnn-laml oi

lini'linbiycvsli’y
Nolii-nilicr ZS, ltltiH

 

 

The Political Aspect

by David Surowitz

In theory in the Soviet Union, every
nationality has the right to national self-
determination. According to Leninist doc-
trine, all the major nationalities (the fit-
teen who have their own Soviet Repub-
lics), have the right to break away from
the Soviet Union and set up their own
states, This is written in the Soviet Con-
stitution. Moreover, in the Declaration of
the Rights of Nationalities, the basic doc-
ument on this question, it is stated that
national minorities and minority groups
have the right to “free self-development.“

According to Marxist theory, proletarian
inturnationalism and prolctarian dictator
ship represent a superior right to that of
self-determination, So the basic demand
for national independence has hci-n dcnicd
from the beginning to most nationalities.

On the other hand, the Soviet Union has
given members of these national groups

any cconomic, social, and cultural privi~
lcgcs which had been completely dvnicd
thcm under the Czarist rcgimc.

However, the non-territorial nationalities
ti.c., the national minorities) havo lost out
on these privileges over the years bccausc
of the general “Ru. 'fication" policy and
of the privileged position of thc territorial
majorities.

The Jews as a national minority were
given a great deal of scope for national
cultural dcvulopmcnts in thi- 20's and
early Jill's but this must not be confused
with any kind of political autonomy, Jews
were pcrmittcd their own courts, schools,
ncwspapcrs, and book publications. After
the mid-IUZU‘S, all this activity was in
Yiddish, but in HHS, all Yiddish activity
was stoppcd, and many of the leaders of
tlic chish community wore arrested and
some were shot.

In [059, Yiddish publishing began again
on a very small scale. A Yiddish monthly
bcgan to appear in ltltil, ’l‘his ' the only
form of national expression officially san~
ctioncd by the regime, cvr-n though “11'
Jewish nationality is the largest Soviet.
National Minority.

Unlike national sclf-cxprcssion and dc-
tcrminatioii which are rcgardcd, as legiti-
matc iindcr the regime, religion has always
been considered a negative phenomenon
of society. Anti-religious campaigns have
been a part of Soviet government policy

 

 

since 1918.

Now, the Soviet regime treats every
religious group differently, according to
circumstances. Members of the Islamic
faith have become somewhat privileged
since active Soviet involvement on the side
of the Arabs began.

0f the officially recognized religions,
Jews are treated the worst. They are
denied any contact with Jewish religious
bodies iibroad and are starved of religious
works, prayer books, religious articles, etc.

The degree of popular anti-semitism is
very high in the national republics There
arc ‘chraI reasons for this. First of all,
them is the historic tradition of anti-Semi-
tism. Sccondly, there are the effects of
anti~Scmitic propaganda in Soviet areas
occupied by the Nazis during World War
II. No one has tried to rc-educatc the
population. 'I‘hii'dly, there is a social and
cconomic problem which has led to the
chs being hated by the simple people,
cspi-cially the peasants and workers.

Like other Sovict citizens, Jews are for-
liltldt‘lllU emigrate frccly, Nevertheless,
ovcr -l0,000 chs have applied to leave for
Israel since lilti‘l. Only about 2,000 a year
haVc been allowed to lcavv with the others
losing their jobs and being intimidated.

"For Soviet Jews," says Time Magazine
“world opinion offers partial protection at
best....Evr-n so, foreign opinion can accom-
plish only so much. The problem is that
Soviet Jews can do even lcss--unlcss they
are willing to take grave risks. That point
was dramatically illustrated last week
when Amsterdam‘s daily Dc 'I‘clcgraaf
arranged to telephone, in a still
undisclosed manner, a Jewish family in
Riga. Realizing that the KGB might well
be recording the call, the paper's reporter
asked: ‘Aren't you afraid they are going to
use all this against you‘." Said a woman at
the other end: "I‘hcy have given us so
much miscry wc art- not afraid any more.‘
When the reporter wound up the call, he
told the Riga chs: ‘Wc will call you again
next week if you want us to.‘ The reply:
"l‘hat's good. If Wc arc still here.‘ " Time,
January 25. 1971

Mitch of the information in [his column
was olltai'ncd from an interview with Dr. J,
Frankel which appeared in Lillct Maga-
uziiic, February 1971.

 

 

 

Lconid Rigcrnian and his
mother, Esther, lcavc lllt.‘ US.
Embassy in Moscow Feb. to
after receiving their American
passports. The action culmin-
atcd a five month effort to
persuade Soviet authorilics that
they are entitled to American
citizenship. The State Depart-
ment ruled that Leonid, born in
Russia, was an American be-
cause his parents were. Mrs.
Rigcrinan was born in Brook-

lyn,
lAl’ Wiicphoio|

 

