m»v~mwkﬂ~&ﬂwﬁd%*w\w¢mMmW

 

 

 

"MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1971

Fowler vs. Friedan:

r

by Aralynn Abare

Barnett Fowler, “leading male chauvinist of ‘the
Capitol District press, " and Betty Friedan, ‘the
Witch of Salem of the Women’s liberation move-
ment, ” locked horns Wednesday in a battle ranking
with the Frasier-Ali boa t.

Billed as the woman '5 answer to the "Fight of the
Century," the debate was sponsored by the Wo-
men’s Press Club of New York State for the beneﬁt
of its scholarship fund. The topic was “Liberation
From What. ”

 

Betty Friedan

«moron/nag

The first round was l‘riedari‘s. wlto rrrrrrrediately
set the groundwork for ltcr attack. “Liberation frorii
what?" she began. “from anything tlnrtr deities the
women 01 this corrrrtry or the world their full
personhood. I can‘t rirake it any simpler than that."

“This is a massive, unfinished revolittioir ot Anteri-
cati women towards full equality. ltuman digitity.
human freedom and ortr owrt identity in tlte Family
of Man...“ is the biggest. most important. fastest
growing movement for basic social cliarrge iir this
country..." “It is unique, It deals not with a
minority...but with an oppressed majority Women.
over SU’Z of the population of the 11.5.; 55% of the
adult voting poprilalrort in this state are no longer a
silent majority.

“In the past few years. we have found our voice
and we are confronting riot only With words. bill
with decisive actions the institutions that have
oppressed us."

l‘riedatr charged that Fowler. In lrts colrrrrrrrs. ma le
a “dirty joke" of the problems of women. “'I lie lacl
that one cart even try to make a joke about the
interests of women." she said. ” rs the essence of
wltal we need liberation from."

“No need for mace or tear gas to keep women
down. just treat ‘em as a joke and send ‘em tlowers
on Mother's Day. You see. it hasn‘t been itcccssatv
to use tiiacc or tear gas to keep women doth itr
America. We have been rnvrsrhlt- people. like the
blacks were rrrvrsrble inen. You know the black was
an invisible titan it you could say “llere. boy" to a
45 year old man at a railroad station."

She emphasized that men, iii general. were not the
ettetrry. but "fellow victiiirs." “'l'he inequities. the
obsolete sex roles wlriclt make men die tert years
younger because they have had to suppress so many
tears and fears. and bear too much of the burden...
but I know a male chauvinist pig when I see one."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Liberation from What?

“We are ﬁnding our power." she afﬁrmed, “and in
less than ﬁve years ofthis movement, we took the
sex discrimination provision in Title Seven of the
Civil Rights Act...and we said it nrust be enforced."
Sex discrimination can no longer be the only kind
of discrimination that is considered moral, fashion-
able and a joke in America.“

Abortion

Friedan's final argument was for the “inalienable
right of women to control her own body. and her
own reproductive process."

“What do we need liberation from?" she asked
again. “The obscenity that the male hierarchy of
one church cottld threaten cxcommruiication to any
woman who dares to tie her right under the law to
get an abortion.we accept the legal definition that [a
fetus] becomes life when it cart be horti and live
outside the body.

“The outrage. the insult to women by these
“friends of the fetus. friends of |ifc...who place the
life of an unborn fetus. over tlte life and soul of any
worriart old enough to bear a child."

******

“How the ltcll I got her. l don‘t know.” were
llat’iicll l‘owler's opening words. He cmpltasi/cd his
surprise. foirr weeks after he was asked to ‘spcak to
the press club.‘ to discover he was to debate with
Betty l-‘r‘iedan. unknown to him at the Iirrie.

“Now...l know that she‘s not only a great lecturer.
httt she's a darn good writer. the creator of a best

seller" he added.
"Not against all..."

“I am rroi against all facets ot Women's lib." he
offered. “Nonetheless. I am lrcte on the negative
side as the dcvrl‘s atlvocatc...l do not think Women's
l.ib is directing major efforts in the right direc-
tiotis....ll‘s a horse riding off rti all directions."
Fowler expressed a desire to see “an organization
such as this. do a bit of specific lifting. trot
concentrate on downgrading an establislirircrrt,..'l‘lris
is not going to happen by |().()t)() females tying rip
traffic iii New York City. or by vicious attacks of a
hundred customs and beliefs. to which millions of
women subscribe...| still believe in motherhood.
iriuriaculale or otherwise.“

The “talk of one Miss Grace Atkinson“ dominated
a part of his argument. Fowler comrmnted on Grace
Atkinson. another prominent Women's Lib figure.
He said. “...Miss Atkinson‘s utterly strange. utterly
tasteless. utterly ghastly opinions leave tire chilled.
Site as a Women‘s |.ib leader does the movement a

disscrvtce."

PAGE 8

 

Barnett Fowler
-'-l'tl\'('ll/lt’l"l,'

SUNYA

l-iowler corideiriircd "riiilitancy wtlli no regard ' r
the rights of others." "Is it logical to have Woriicti s
lib on the State (‘ampus at Albany." Ire asked.

"derrraird bv April l-‘ool‘s Day. free C\tlttllttt|lit)tts for

all wonicir iii the university corritrttrriity'l" "Is it
logical to demand free ahorltorr services for airy
\vonrcn ovct Ill years of age \vrtlrout parental
pctrrttssron. their refuse to listen to the administra-
lot by drowning out her ariswcrs'.’. .l have an Idea
that a university is a spot to incttbate lLlCiIS, riot
embryos." He felt, however. that society ltad ait
“ohligalrori to the girl forcibly raped. .l‘ltllltl ol
lllL‘lll last year ”

“ll tillltltlttt‘) is to Ire used. let its use it ill fields
\VlllL'll truly need it. Alcoholism is one...l have seen
Worircii's l.rb lrglilttig for the privrlegc of drinking at
men's bars. hrrl l have heard trolliiirg of figlrtriig the
problem ttscll.”

“If oiti theme is liberation. lltL‘ll. by (iod. let the
efforts of Women‘s Liberation be rrrilitarrtly directed
to free society front the spirochcle, I‘m not saying
Women‘s Lib is responsible for venereal disease. 1
airr saying arty encouraged feeling iii the field of
sexual license inexhorably leads to such."

Referring to studertts. he suggested. "If total
sextral freedorrr is such a necessity, and children are
considered a waste lay-product, go to a vet arid gel
spayed."

I spoke to a Woman about this meeting and she
chuckled. “I don't believe in the movement.“ she
said. “I‘ve lived well over the 30 year age. Atrd so
far during my life I‘ve been pretty much able to do
what I wanted."

 

gamma

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

 

Albany Student Press

Vol. LVll No. 27

Committee Tells

Anti- War Plans

by Susan Gordon

The theme of immediate withdrawal of all US. troops from
Southeast Asia marks the spring activities of the April 24th
Committee on this campus. The Committee hopes to provide burr
transportation from SUNYA to help enable the student population to
attend the March on Washington on April 24th.

Mark Belkin, head of the April 24th Committee. explained that the
Student Mobilization Committee has temporarily disbanded on our
campus. and along with other political organizations. has merged
under that nonpartisan title of the April 24 th Committee so us‘to form
the broadest possible coalition of all people opposed to US. military
involvement. in Southeast. Asia. [Locally this includes former members
of the SMC. the Young Socialists Alliance, the Albany Pence Center.
and the Albany Coalition for Peace and Justice] Nationally, NPAC,
National Peirce Action Coalition. has announced a calendar of spring
antiwar iictivities.ii|l planned as “legal. peaceful and orderly
manifestations of oppostiion to the war." They areas follows:

Local demonstrations to mark the as. ination of Martin
Luther King. Jr.. an ardent opponent. of the Vietnam War.

 

Mass march on Washington. DC. and Sim Francisco in
support of the demand for immediate withdrawal of all
US. forces from Southeast Asia.

Demonstrations on campuses rind in communities around
the country to commemmorate the Kent State and
Jackson State massacres.

(Armed Forces Day): Civilians will make this Solidarity
Day with antiwar 01's by joining them in peace activities
at. military bases.

Whereas the April 24th Committee here rind NPAC nationally
support the single demand for immediate withdrawal of all US,
troops. the People's Coalition for Peace and Justice (locally the
Albany Coalition for Peace and Justice) supports throt- demands; 1)
Immediate and total withdrawal of all American troops from
Southeast Asia; 2) Guaranteed tinnuril income of $6500 fora family of
four; and ll) Fri-c all political prisoners. The PCPJ has scheduled
nutiotial activities throughout May. with a mass assembly itr
Washington on May 2.

The April 24th Committee feels that the single demand of
immediate troop withdrawal will not impose thtl acceptance of the
other two demands, For the sake of unity within the movement. the
People's Coalition for Penci- and Justice has endorsed the April 24th
action. although they will still tarry on their owti May activities,

What distinguishes the April 2~ttlr mass demonstration from thr-
November 1965) Moratorium in Washington is its ('t)n]|)l‘t'l1('tlSth3llt‘t-€s.
It is supported not only by high school arid college students. but by
local communities, labor unions. legislators. n st'ptll'tllt‘ Unitr-il
Women‘s Contingent. and Third World People, including Blacks.
Chicanos. Pitt-rto Ricarrs. Asian-Americans iirid native Americans
whose various organizations (‘ttmpt‘lsv the Third World ’l'ask Fort-c. all
of whom oppose the war its a major source of many of our domostjc
economic and social troubles.

ln addition. anew influence on the antiwar mow-merit are American
ll’s. According to Belkin. a significant factor since the Moratorium is
the growth of an antiwar movr-nrent in Vietnam. U.S, failure in
ground war seems to have lowered (ll morale. 'l‘he fircl that the
antiwar movoment is no longer isolated to thr- student community
should increase news covvrnge and havo arr added influence on thr- rest
of the public. if not the administration.

    

receiving a l0% board rebate from FSA. This is the kitchen.

State University of New

Due to inconveniences caused by the lack of a Completed dining room, Indian Quad residents will be

‘A

V

for the project.

Yorlt at Albany

    

This. the site of thelroposed West Podium Extension. may remain as it appears now. Prospects look glum

Wednesday. March 3|. l97l

---cliow

West Podium Future
Deemed ‘Uncertain’

by Bob Kantirek

Imposed savings by the State
Legislature on next year's budget,
may caust- the, scrapping of plans
for theI West Podium extension.
President Benech termed the pro-
ject “very uncertain," yesterday
at. a faculty information hour.

Building on the extension is
presently scheduled to begiir in
the fall. To be completed in three
years. the extension would pro-
vide added space for classrooms
and would alleviate the acute
shortage of space in the Campus
Center.

The President directed the bulk
of ill“ hour to explaining other
effects of next year's probable
budget situation. “I! stated that
the projected total number of
students at SUNYA by limit is
22.(J(Jt)72.‘l,tltttl. 'l‘crmtng the bird-
got cutting a possible “blessing in
disguise.” lir- indicated that a cut
in admissions was necessary and
cited 15.000 as a seemingly more

 

 

 

-~ '(mtlllltlll

realistic figure for leveling-off. He
claimed that the quality and im-
provement of the university is
more important. than its size and
number ofstudents.

The fate of the Milne School
was also discussed. Legislation.
introdueed by Lhe Governor, that
would mean the closing of Milne
and nine other campus schools
like it. is currently being consi-
dered by the legislature. Benczet

was unable to make any definite
statement on the situation beyond
saying thaL if Milne were closed
this June by the Legislature. it
would prevent the completion of
a study being conducted by
SUNY on its effectiveness. Vice-
Prcsident Phillip Sirotkin assured
the faculty however, that in case
of the school's closing. its faculty
would maintain their jobs in the

 

 

 

 

university.

Board Rebate Slated

For Indian Quad

by Al Senia

Residents of lndirin Quadrangle will be receiving a
ten percent rebate on their board payments from
Albtury State's Faculty-Student Association. The
action climaxcd ii weekend of negotiations among
representatives of the quad government, Student
Association. rind FSA,

Confirmation of it twenty percent rebate for room
has not yet been forthcoming from the SUNY
central dormitory authority Howevor. Quad presi-
dent Barry llnshltol'f siiid the chances “look good"
for quad residents,

Students on the quad had been withholding more
than $21,000 from the Burstir's Office in room and
board payments while actionwusbcing awaited. it
appears that the paymean for board (meals) will be
made promptly now that FSA hits acted. Brishkot‘t‘
indicated that the students lirrd Very little trouble in
convincing FSA management of the legitimacy of
their complaints. which for the most part dealt with
the inconvenience caused by lack of a dining area.

He said the students had “very little trouble with
them" (FSA) even though the fault lay more with
the building contractor then with the corporation.
Attention will now be focused on the central

administration, which will judge the merits of
granting ll room rebate. Bushkoff said he was
pleased by the results of a recent meeting he
attended with two adminisirutive representatives.
The complaints were felt to be legitimate; action has
been tabled whin SUNY central works on cutting
the budget.

While the residents await Chancellor Boyer's anti-
cipated approval. forty one students will contlnue
withholding roonr payments.

 

 

