Hm“   .. ..  H r 

f

_. ., . am-.- ,: ..:.,.._...,.,,\

..,._,

memo

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1971

 

The Hebrew Club will meet
Thursday In the State Quad Flag
Room at 8:30 pm. There will be
Israeli dancing on Thursday at 9
p.m. In the State Quad Flag Room.

0 I G O 0
Ski Club meeting Thursday, Feb.
11 In LC 5 at 7:30 pm. Trip
Saturday Feb. 13 (limited to 60
people) to Gore Mountain.

cocoa

KING- GURGO THE INEPT OFVIILGARM
rs “MING To chM Tris
PRESIDENCY or THE UNITED STATES

Rev. John Starley Gravel, crew
member of the Exodus and former
member of the Haganah, will speak
tonight at 7:30 pm. In LC 3. Hear
a first hand account of the estab-

’ "Shine"! 0f the State of Israel.

 

 

graffiti

 

 

WITH MAX SHULMAN

(Bythrauttinro/Rally Rnumllhr Flap,BoyI.. . llobrrGrlli .. l

Everything you always wanted to know about
college . . . but were too classy to ask

John Cupak, Chairman of the
Albany Chapter of the Hudson
River Sloop Restoration group will
give a talk and slide presentation of
the Hudson River's ecological prob-
lems In Bleecker Hall, Dutch Quad
on Feb. 16, 1971 at 8:00 pm.

unoc-

The Student Ambassador Com-
mittee is having an interest meeting
for all students interested in pro-
grams abroad: Europe, Asia, Africa,
S. America- Affiliated with the Ex-
periment in International Living-
Wednesday at 7:30 in the Assembly
Hall.

in . o o o

Cathexis sponsors Mrs. Edith E.
DiGuilio speaking about "Graphu-
analysis" (Handwriting analysis) on
Wed. Feb. 10 at 8 pm. in LC 1.
Bring paper and pen.

on...

The Art Council is sponsoring
William K. Everson, film researcher
and historian, showing ri D.W. Grit
IiIli Iilrn, "Hearts of lllil World,"
Full. I l, LC flint 7 30 run.

Sigma Alpha Eta-Speech Patho-
logy Honorary. Meeting on Feb. 11,
in HU 354, at 7 pm. Business
meeting At 7:30 p.rn, Guest speak-
er and Film. Mr. Pete Maguzu of
Sph Path and Audio Dept. will
discuss the films which are abom
Teaching Multiply Handicapped
Children. All welcome. Refresh-
ments serVed.

ii Peter Pan will be flying soon at a
* theatre near you, March 3-7. Tic-
” kets on sale now at the Performing
Arts Center Box office, open 11
.a.m.until4 p.m. weekdays. Hurryl

Satisfied with the status quo? No

» problems, complaints, gripes? Then

sit in your dormitory room and

don't come to the Grievance Com-

mittee meeting to be held Monday,
Feb.15 at 4:15in CC 346.

 

 

classified

 

 

 

The other night when the little Womutr and I got home from our
encounter group, I said to her, “Isn't it odd, my door, that colleges
still haven't tried non-verbal communicatinn?"

(Incidentally, the little woman I refer to is not, us you might
think, my wife. My wife is for from n littlt- woman. She is, in fact,
nearly seven feet high and mnntlcrl with rippling rnusrlv. She is ti full-
bloodcd Chiricahua Apache and holds the world's shotpnt rr-r-orrlr-
908 feet. The little woman I refer to is someone we found crouching
under the sofa when we rented otir flat buck in Illa-I. She has been with
us ever since, although to be perfectly honest, she's really not much
fun to have around. She never speaks except to mark :1 sort of moist,
gagging sound when she's hungry, and she'll ltftL'll sncalt up and tusk
you while you're busy watching television. Still and all, willi my wife
away putting the shot most of the time, at lt-nst it gives me somebody
to hack around with.)

But I digress. “Isn't it orld, my dear," I said Lilt‘ other night to
the little woman, “that colleges still haw-n'l iriurl illiil-Vt‘l‘liill commu-
nication?" And it is odd. Why do teachers koop Inllrriiy to students?
Surely they've learned by now that liiflrr'iiy is no way to l'ttntlnliitll‘illt'.
It's been proved over and over in cru-ounlr-r groups, 'l‘-groups, sensi-
tivity groups and gropc groups that pi-opli- don’t really, truly reach
other people with lullﬂllllgr'. How can thi- ' Words, by their vt-ry na-
ture, are ambiguous and itrlilll‘iill and corn i-al mort- than they reveal.
There is only one way to really, truly communicate with another liu-
man being, and that is to lunch him and for! him, This is honest and
natural and b' . ' ntl beautiful and lugul in some states.

And yet to hers go right on Inf/ring. No wonder they grit no food—
buck. Let us say, for example, that a tour-hi-r is trying to got u stutlcnt
to learn Boyle's law. 'l‘ullt won't do it, not even if thi- tonchcr talks thr-
whole semester long. But if one day he will simply and silently reach
out and just holrl the studan fora minute or two, nuiyln- ('Vl'll (fruit-c
with him a little bit, he will find that tho stutlvnt has lr-nrnt-d not only
Boyle's law but probably the fox trot too.

And what is more, the toncht-r will ilisi-ovvr he has a new friend,
No longer will student and teacher snarl and make t-oursi- gestures
when they see cuch other on campus. Instr-nil they will run together,
clasp and nuzzlc, trade hats, and finally, without ii word - for what do
friends need with wortls'l-vrvpuir to a nearby tnvcrii for that friend-
liest of all ceremonies: the sharing of Miller High Life Bet-r.

/

No beer binds u friendship the way Miller High Life does. I could
tell you why if I wanted to. In fact, I could go on for hours about the
glories of Miller Iligh Life. But I won't, for we all know, don't we, that
language is not the way to communicate? So hort- is all I will any:

Get yourself a can or bottle of Miller (a keg if you are u very large
person). Pour a glass for your friend, a glass for yourself. Link urma.
Tie your necktiea together. Drink.

Con worda describe the resultant euphoria, thu enveloping onc-
ness, the ripening occlusion? No; wordtt lll‘t: uirolcsa. Just Miller lllttl u
friend: that’s it” you need to know. And if, by r-hrincc, you don‘t have
a friend, got [too Millers. You‘ll never walk nlnnr-.

But I digress. 'I‘aiking, as we have seen, is obsolete, And of course,
writing is on its hurt logs too; in fact, I givr: tho Iilt‘flltlll‘t} grime another
six months at the nuL-iidc. Nutunilly, living it sort of writer, I'm n little
sorry to act: this happen, but on tho othor hand, I‘m not really worried.
The ahotput grime, thunk llcuvr-ri, is ltl'll.l‘l‘ tluin error, and I Ich confi-
dent my wifc will always earn enough for inc and the little woman.

a a: :r

The brinm'ng auruc uhro looks hcullhu from urhirrrr we all, which fit in
Ikltlwattkcc,frrrrrr ll‘flllill.‘ liturth Iltlvllllilll rrrc Irrnvo from bringing you Millcr
High Life, the Churn/mane o/ IlacrnJor more [lulu H5 ﬂavorful yourir. ’l'ry
home; you'll rim: why.

Frogface- Happy Valentine's Day.
Two Hero Biscuits for Sammy Prye.
Love Jellyboan.

coho;

1949 Pontiac, Excellent Condi-
tion, 23,500 miles. 8 cyl. Auto-
matic, 4 door, 7 tires, $400,
482-7511.

noose

Wanted- "Foundations Behavioral
Research" by Kerlinger. IV 9-0370.

cocoa

WANTED TO BUV: Good used
guitar for under $25. Call 457-5019
and ask for Dan.

 

 

Campus Center

PHOTOS, SERIGRAPHS,
LITHOGRAPHS, POSTERS, ETC.

Expertly llry Mounted

23 DAY SERVICE -LOW RATES

Contact: K. Blalsdell or D. Riley
457-7597
In Campus Center 361

Day Mounting Service

E.A.S.C. Offers Discount Flights
lEurope-Asla-Africa): E.A.S.C.,
1481 Lenox Rd., Schenectady,
12308, Tel. 346-9973.

antic.

Income Tax service for college
students. Low rates to fit your
budget. Call 489-1930 after 4 pm.

. I . a .
Lost-Dave lost his brown-rimmed

glasses. $5.00 reward. Call
489-7840.

lildl

Two students need information in
obtaining summer work in the
Bahamas. Call Jim 457-5036.

| n u o a
Hit Margaret. From 8.

a . o o o
Still for Sale- '62 Mercedes—Benz,

Leather Interior, 4-speed, Reason-
able Miiaage, FM radio, 489-3407.

can.»

Seniors renting 2,3, or 4 bedroom
Apartments or houses who are leav-
ing in May, please call Steve or
Gary at 457-4093.

 

DYNAMITE
IllllfllIEll?

Popi will be cancelled

 

 

 

 

 

Here‘s a government positron with a

real future for both men and women,

An officer's job in the Air Force. A
management level Job In anybody's
book. Certainly, there‘s no better

way to get the experience and train-
ing needed for executive rcsponsr-

bility.

If you have two years of college
remaining, you could find yourself
earning an Air Force (‘Olllllil‘i‘iltll‘
whiltI you learn, through the Air
Forcc ROTC lwo your program
Along wrlh collr'gi‘ i'li‘fliIS and ,1
commission. ,ou‘ll tt’r‘t‘l mt‘al) each
month as a 'ulUtIL'ill Anti upon grail
ualion, that monagirinorrl position
we [JIOIIII‘LCCI Will be Mining for you
If an advanced degree If: Ill your
plans, you'll be happy to llfdlil that
iho Air Force has .1 number of out
standing programs to tn-ip you fur
ther your OUUCdlIUIl.

If you‘re in your final your of co|~

WANTED:

College men and women for man-
agement positions in government.
Must meet physrcal requrrements.
Financial aid available for in-
college trainees. or applicants
can enroll In specral training
course on graduation. StateSIdu
and/or overseas travel
guaranteed.

logo. you can get your commission
through the Air Force Ollri'ov lr.rin
rng Program It is Opt-n to all rollt-gi-
grads. both men and worm-n. who
qualify

Check ll out You'll rrmr [hat in.»
An Force is one career that offer,
something for ovoryonr- Nearly-130
drlforont robs. ranging front tll’fO
nautical engineering to Ioolngy,
wrllr .rlmost evoryllnng also, IIICIII(I~
org flying, in between But whaiuvnr
your (“lift”), you‘ll soon «limo/or
itr.it Illt‘ Air for: it Will lt'l you mow
rust as for and .i", l.r‘.t as. your l-Il
errlur .Jll I.Ikl‘ you

So look ahead .rinl fill {our i'ol
lt-go your, pay oil for you .vrtt. .r
rriuriagorurl t)f)‘;llll)li in llu- ll 3 Arr
Force Just send lIl than upon or
write to IJS'AI Military I’l'f‘tfilllll‘l
(Junior, Ufllil A, lturnlolptt Alli,
loxas 78148, and get your puilgmrl
uale crrrecr off the ground

 

 

 

scum
USAF Military Personnel Center
UL‘pI A
Randolph AFB, Texas 78148

Please send me more information
Oil

l tOllri'ur Training School
I ZAir form ROlC Program

A|.[)rli ..

lur ‘II'H,I,II illlf‘lr‘ . . r o ulillllrllrllll

Find yourself in the l United States Air Force

L

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1971

Refer Expanding
Free Clinic Prepares for Debut

by Eric loss

The Refer Switchboard, since its inception during
this past summer, has been successfully providing
no-hassle help to all who desire it. The idea behind
Refer is not a concrete, easily labeled commodity.
Rather, it is a genuine commitment to the notion
that all people are brothers and sisters, and that as
such we are imbued with {I spirit of true caring for
each other. It is this essence of universal fraternity
that has fertilized anti nourished the seeds of growth
at Refer.

Refer Switchboard, Inc. (43-1-1202), operates un-
der the all-pervasive policy of making frcc aid
available to anyone who is experiencing difficulty,
even though Refer itself is supported almost wholly
by donations. Originally, Refer was just as its name
implies, a referral agency. However, its time has
passed, the breadth of services offered has grown
considerably, as new, unanticipated needs were
perceived. Refer's willingness to serve is virtually
limitless, and it has refused to be thwarted by
problems which arise that are out of its ordinary
framework. Unusual or unprecedented cases gener-
ate the incentive to develop facilities to cope with
similar problems in the future.

The Clinic

It was the perception of thc unfulfilled l1t’t‘(l$ such
as the ones alluded to above that supplied the
impetus for the new Refer Free Clinic which is to
open on February 15. The Clinic will consist of a
waiting room, lab, and treatment room, and it will
be equipped to provide a wide gamut of free
medical services. Included in the work of the Clinic

. Imrrhhi'rg

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

will be blood analysis, urinalysis, treatment of
venereal diseases, hepatitis, common colds, and
abrasions, and the dispensing of birth control
devices and further information on planned parent-
hood. Refcr has no excellent working relationship
with Albany Med, and all cases too serious for the
Clinic to handle will be transferred immediately to
the hospital.

The Clinic is located iit Refer Switchboard head-
quarters at 332 Hudson Avenue (phone for Clinic
-l3-I»l205), and it will be open initially on Monday
and Thursday nights from 7 PM. until there are no
more pcoplo desirous of its services that evening.
Refer has enlisted the volunteer aid of ten local
doctors, and each evening that the Clinic is open at
least one doctor will be present, In addition, one
fourth-year, one third-year, one second-year, and
one first-your medical student will be on duty, and
they will be further assisted by a nurse, a pregnancy
Counselor, and scvortil members of the Refer intake
staff.

The philosophy of the Clinic will be commensur-
ate with that of all Rt‘fer's services. The medical
services offered will come with no financial, legal, or
moral strings attached. Refer embraces an ideology
which is non-judgemental, non-moralistic, and null-
directive. lls soli- (losirt‘ is to aid onc's fellow
human Irvings, It is not into savior trips, and it
makes no effort to reform the people who seek its
help. Itcfcr workt-rs int-rely enlighten the troubled
individual to lhe alternatives, and [hen allow him to
make a personal decision conct‘rtting his difficulty.
This policy will be adamantly ndhcrt-d loin rclulion
to all work at the Clinic, and, its is usual Iti'l'i-r
pructicc, any records kcpl. will In.- strictly (‘iinfitlcn-
tial.

[\roultd-’I‘hc-(‘Iock Service

Although Illl' ('Iinic istrl present llir- main thrust of
activity at Ill-for Switchboard, it Is by no int-tins Ils-
only undertaking. lit-for hus ('Ullliilut'd ltl furnish a
vital 3I~lllttlf~lrtluy li-lr-phimt- rcl't'rrttl si'rvn't' whu'b
curri-rilly bandit-s it load of III to full t‘nlls ilully.
'l‘hi-sv calls t'tiVl‘i' an t‘XIl‘llMVl' range (if problems
from unwurili-(l pregnancy to broken lronn-s lo
alcoholism lo drug hassles. and are llllllll' liy t'lllll‘l'\
front our 7 to ago '70 ltr-I'r-i ll.r~ of II\ disposal a
complrilr- Illl‘ ul' i-oiiirnurirly .igi'ni'ws .rtul lll'l')
l)!‘|.i:tllr/,.illiili~ It \vlru'lr II may ri-l'vr rl» t':llll'l'.\.
Among llll'\l' .rv l’|.nrru-d l'rll‘l'llllllllltl of Albany

 

 

 

tiitllrmlli'lllg
thNVl - A - (iRIiILK SLRVH I:
Ifr'l/i I'l « Hf .If/ /\/n- Inn/.rfi/i
lml .Itrrt'tltirr \ltlll lllr

NH“

II.r\c )ini t'\L'l \\tIIIIL'ti .i tm'ck .ill \our llurr ’ \I lit' or It'rnulc'

for during. roiling looking. looting \\IlilII}.'. rlrirrngtlairting.

Iliilllk'lllll.It‘.ltlll|lil_lilt'iltillllll.lll ruulpl.iin|i\|i'rnrii1’
“illill lyric Socially. I'l.ilnrirt Ilrorn \l.t|l\ , /«nh.ilrt'

Ily lllL‘ hour . ilzr) . wot-k. \crncslt-i’

Rzrlcs I'lmihlt‘ luct'ortling to situzrlionl
\o .t\\lt'lllllt'lll loo |.ii;.n' «n loo \Ill.|ii
\ilrxlr. linii i'||.|i.li||i't'ti .lI .ill llllli'

Ill room/i (‘l‘l'lI/ll’ll _L’I'IIIIIIIl‘ (luv/u
fIlrI/lII/ltl/lll‘ Ir/lt‘)

\l.ir| lill‘ili rel-o. Mfr-v.
/ lru
link “
(.I‘~Ill‘ I‘ll lllnlwli \\ l'llii

I would like .i firm-It

(M ill I")

()n iIJ.i|i-.linii-) - “t I

For IIIII'pIIM' of

To t'onl'irni rt'st-rvutuin Illlti .iri'uiigu rail-9.,
I can he i’l'llt'lltitl ill

Nurni- ,
Address , , , . . . -
rill rnqurrn's Iri’pl Ill slr-ii'l r'riIt/lrlr'ltr'i'

.uirrrlwr '.i!|.nt'r i Z l or. llvll’l”. Iru

(plitllll', ilnys, lrmi-s)

 

 

hungry.

PRODUCED AND DIRECTED BY srANLB Kuarucx- SUPER PANAVISION AND M
Tower East Cinema 455-8583

Fri. Feb. 12 at 7 & 10 PM and Sat., Feb. 1'5 at 1,7 & 10 PM
in Cincmascope in LC 18
Admission $1.25 or 3. 75 with State Quad Card

‘ t

332 Hudson Ave: 24-hour-service to the lost, tired, and

Medical School, the ACLU, the Legal Aid Society,
and the county welfare system. A good deal of
lit-fi-r's work is handled by its own staff, who are
assisted by volunteer ministers, psychiatrists, and
doctors. Presently, there are ten full-time Refer staff
members, and this force is bolstered by numerous
part-time workers whose ranks are always open to
new volunteers.

In addition to the 24-hour switchboard, Refer has
responded to unique prublomswhcncvur they arise.
People who are “crushing,” and who need it place to
stay, l'iurl Ill] opt-n door at 332 Hudson. The Refer
house is equipped with a stove, a refrigerator, and
pots and pans, all of" which are open to anyone who
is in nt-r-tl (if it place It) cook, Recently, several
mt'ml)t|rs of IIII‘ Ri-l'cr stuff opened a health food
store I‘tilll‘tl ’l‘hi- Slurr- l)" Lurk Street.

lli-l'i-r rel'usi-s It) ht‘ stagnant and is constantly
looking luwnrrl the future extension of its servrcus.
Willi lliv ilflVI‘lll rif' Illl‘ now (.‘Iiriic, its capacity It)
grvr- Iii-lp has hi-i-ii gi't-ully lil(‘l'('llst'(l. The work of"
Ili-l'r-r manil'i-sls a high grade, unl'orlunali-ly rari-
lirnntl ul' altruism Wllll'll has not yr-l rt-at'ht-(l rls
prni'ln‘ul llIlIlI.

' Ultimate 1

 CE ODYS EY

Tickets on sale for BOTH evening shows at 6:30 PM,and for the 1
PM show at 12:15 PM outside LL18

MGM MSENWS THE STANLEY KUBRICK PRODUCTION Of 200‘ A SPACE OUYSSth
STARRING KEIR DULLEA' GARY LOCKVIIOOD ' SCREENPLAY STANLEY KUORICK AND ARTHUR C CLARKE

armor mama

 

 

...hoch berg

 

 

