 

 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1971

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
   
     
   
 
 
  
   

 

 

'l RESS
, 1. PAGE~4 ALBANY STUDENT?
l
l I
i an A non wouui I’ll! 70 YOU?
. - r. r v‘ ‘
l
i
ii ,,
ll f its"
:l
'l
l,
i
i
ii
i Z,
 t
iél
"i
.i 5
1’,‘ I. i
:, y ‘
1r. .1
 ’ R' h W ° d E 1
Albany 5 1g t- inge ag e
by Bob Warner propaganda Sheet seriously; men. of “law and order" last May dur-
let us examine what the junior Bill in“ the Slrike_ Of course, it was
The Albany Eagle, a right-wing Bucmeys Ul SUNYA PmmlSB “5‘ only those “free-thinking ‘liberii-
. publication on campus, deserves tors‘ “ who were lawless The
‘r mention because it represents a brave faculty who held classes and
4 Signiﬁcant minority 0" Bumpus “5 The Eagle mum's“ the (my “(lured defy" the Strike were the
we" as across the country 0m3 when sanity and rational hehavror pumgons 0f Lhe rule of law Over
must call it a publication, though, Will fell!" 0" COHCEO CilmPUNl‘S the rule or man, Thur is our
and not a newspaper' because it across America. The conservatives common “(mum heritage _ the
does not report whatitsees objec- concept of a rule of law. th,
tively, nor does it even make an thos‘c courageous few of the facul-
attempt to do so. Yet, this publi- ty bron Ific law of Hic University
cation by a handful of secretive Sciirilc and Acting-President Allan
YAF’ers must be taken at face Kiiiisislo, and denied students the
value. option to choose one of five
'~ options of course grading as a
. result of the Strike, Rome was
The editors of The Eagle seem notorious for selecting the laws it
to take the attitude that they are elms" l“ “he!
the saviors of America -— that they
alone stand for what is righl in
America, and that they have ar- ,, . .
' h lhcrctore, we can apprecratc
rived on the Albany scene ope- 'I'Iir’ Magic for what it is -~ in
fully in time to save the Capitol . . . V ‘ _
g , _ . right-Wing rag, just us much as
Diane" from i?“ left-Wingers‘ mdll Siuccl Fire is it propaganda sheet
of” as ‘7?"85 libem" The" e'v‘mge- of the extreme left. When put in
lical spirit, while probably sincere, proper perspective» the“. TI",
ls somehowmdlcmus' ‘ t h t “I Magic is an up-to-(latc northern
style "I MHIWI‘ own" r' b “w extension of thc Birch Society.
and order" which can only mean. The “HIV problem huwvvur iﬁ
Therefore, the editors worm] When SPUkCHfIn “giwwmgﬁlﬂgun' that thcy can sometimes succcss-
like to mrrke us believe rlmrurwr “ppmbhmn “ Sluumhvﬂm MIP- fully veil thcir rhetoric much in
' pression of civrl liberties. 'l‘lieir ,
40 years of New Deal welfare , . the snow iiianncr as thc lrcshnian
. , brand of frccdom is thi- li‘l‘L'llOIH , _ _
Statrsm which has ruined the rub. M f l L. 1K 1“ ‘ Senator lrom this slatc, who
ric of American life, they will be to I I our Mm ‘ n 8 'l I” ‘ A " passr-s bigotry, selfishness, and
the vanguard of the great Ameri- vrolcncc off as something Ameri-
can swing to the right. Assuming can. If that wcri- tlu- case. lhcn,
that one is wining to trike [his 7711' HUM/r ill-W rt‘fcrs to llii' luck living Un~Amr~ricnn is not so had,
j
EB THE EEP IDUN'T Know WHERE 555 You iATER, DON-r F,
you‘ve cor rr HIDDEN (GI-VG) WWTLE' uuws El
MIND lF WE ESP 5," ONE OF T E/SE GI . LCOME
7 COME lN DAys'WE-RE CONN: NOTHIN , OR ANYTHING
AND MOWSE FIND Tim cams;
0 7
AR UND HAVE YOU
AGAIN?! THIS WEDTNE
is GETTIN‘ LAWNPS/
ONDTONO SIJ '
, v i.
l . \ L
r l J
‘ ,r/
l ' ' ﬁt
1 MS" you FELLOWS WOULD I
{TOP IMRASSING MYRESIDENTS.
we k ow HE‘S cor iT—THE
‘ ONLY QUESTION l5 WHERE.

   

Editorial

Comment

Oneonta Says Yes

The student body of the State University College rrr
Oncon ta has approved continuance of their mandatory m
(see the report on page 3 of Monday‘s ASP). The Vote was
an owrwlielniing l,800 in favor and only 230 Sludcnis
against. Thus Oneonia has shown us that despite all ilrc
noise from right-leaning students and slate lcgisliiiiir's. llii‘
vast majority of students still SUPPOI‘I ilic L‘tillildlpliclrl

ina ndatory lax.

Mandatory tax on this campus supports litany worth-
while student activities which benefit all Albany State
students. Many of these cannot be scparalcd in price tor
taxpayers and non-taxpayers, In orch to maintain rim
existing programming and begin new projects. mandatory

tax must continue.

Onconta has shown lliat tax is no! on lhc way oui. It
remains the free choice of the student body. And the
students at Oneontir have shown our student body up in
the size of the voter turnout- over 2,000 voted out of .r

 

  

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS -

   

PAGE 5

 

student population of 4.500. Albany State's 7.500 scldoin
turn out in numbers over son» or about 1027! This spring.
when oiir tax comes up for a referendum. let‘s scc ;r \Illilldl
lurnoui- whether its pro or con.

Patroon Room

The rcccnl institution of Saturday evening hours and ilrc
SLSO mcal card discount in ilic l’atroon Room rcsiaurarri
in the Campus Center is a great ‘rliJlllt‘VClnt‘lll. 'llic ircu
hours, the good food. and reasonable pi'lccs. plus rlrc

discount will make the l’atroon Room a l)Cllt‘I bargain
lhan any off-cam pus restaurant

The students and Food Service employees who rrrgrrcd
the FSA hierarchy into this breakthrough dcscrvc our
congratulations Unfortunately. the decision was undoulii
cdly influenced by FSA‘s blczik financial foiccirsl.

llopcfully, students will takc fiill advanlrrgc of llll.\ good
offer for an excellent meal. If not. the program \\lll
quickly go to an early grave, and the loss is that oi llic
average student. And, of course, it will he twrcc .’l.\ hard
the next time to talk I‘SA into anything as inrrovrrtivc‘

 

 

albany student press

The Albany Student Press Is published 3 tunes per week during the

academic year texcapi during recesses) by the Student Association of ilru ,

State University of New York at Albany. The Student Assocratron is Iorzrrierl
in Campus Center 346 at 1400 Washington Avenuu, Albany, New York
12203. Subscription price is $8 per year or $5 per semester. Applicaiion to
mail at controlled Circulation rates is pending at Ballsion Spa, Nriw Vollt

Vl'tllftll' Ill rfiir'l'
liioiiiiis g. clingiiu

nirinirgiiig i’rll/Ul'
. , . . . aralynn iiliarrc
ritli'r'i'lisiiig iiiiiiiugr'r

. . . . . . .jcff rodgci's
iisstsliinl rirlcr'i'fisiiig iiiriIiiigci'

. liiirbam ciiopcriniiii
Iiirsiiir'ss iiinnngr'r
. . . . . .clluck ribiik
li'i‘flllll'ill cililors

.siic scligson

. . . dun Willlllllh

rin‘a‘iii'irili' lr'r'filiii'r I r'tllliii's
. loin rhodcs

. . . warren wisniirl
i'lI‘t'llIthlUll iiiriiirigci'
. . . , . . \uc l'aiilltncr
grill/ili/r‘lussifir'd
. . . . dorotliy pliillip
graphics
. . . . joii girltnian
plirilrigru/ih. l'iIllUi‘

- ricliiird ah‘crsoir

I'.\‘i'i‘llfll‘i' i’lllliil'
. . . . Clll‘lil irriglrrs
iir'ii's i'tlllill‘
. .\ir'l\i Icltlin
tish'iii'iiilr' Ilr‘ll'\ r'tlilrin
i‘ri\ li'uls
iii:iiil.i ill'llltLlli‘l’
li‘l'l'\ urilt
liriliii'rsrililrir ‘
, john o grad)
ii\.\f.\ftflli 'l‘iillfli‘\ r rliliii
. dchlnc ri.ri;insnlill
r.i'ls I'fllfili'
lllltlil \\.ili‘i'\
iISMH'IlIII‘ iii-Is r‘ill/I"
iiin'lir'lr' |l.lll'll‘|
\Iirrrls l'III/iii'
hob I.ll\'|llll.|
i HIUIff/IV r rlilro‘
I l t\.iillt‘l

r'ily r'ililrii'
niikr clli~

In 1916 the Class of 1918 curated the Albany Sirrtlurri Prim Dim iii .in
UNDI, we are still in cxmancc and can bu found In Room 326 of the (Zamlm’
Cantor of the State Universin of New York at Albany. Our plrnnu rrunrlirii»
an: 4574100 or 2194 (itiaro’s iriiolhur one hui “lillh warn) and wri uni
funded by a mandatory student tax and Wu are members of A.l’.

Communications are limited to 300 words and are sublilcl iu erliirrrrr by W"

Chief. peace

 

l
l .
l

Compost Piles of Bapitiousland

 

Barnyard
Fouler

 

 

 

Snowmobile accidents have once again made the
news in Capitiousland. Recently a speeding snow-
mobile approached ii railroad train from behind and
collided with it. The engineer of the train had been
deafened by the roar of his own locomotive, and
failed to hear the approaching vehicle. There were
no injuries, but the train was completely demolish-
ed. In another recent accident a large tree suddenly
lcapcd into the path of a snowmobile. The tree Wus
pronounced dead at the scene of the mishap. It is
our feeling that all trees are a menace to snow-
mobiles, and should therefore be outlawed.

chortn s Notebook: We recently had the oppor-
tunity to Visit a local church in our continuing quest
for ii firmilonriented Comic book. We observad ii
liirgc number of red-bound books, one of which we
opened at random, coming to a passage which
opened with the words,“ In lioc signum," which is
no doubt an obscenity in some communist language.
Elsewhere in the same book we discovcred a passage
which read in part, "Forgive us our trespasscs.“
Although we can condone the act of trespassing.
and, in fact, indulge in it at timesourselves, we feel
that these pinkos can never be forgiven for any-
thing.

Wc have been informed that the Fouler Memorial
on the Northway iit Clifton Park has attracted a
large number of worshippers. We would ask, how-
ever, that all visitors remember to close the lid after
they finish their meditations. ()thcrwise, the
skunks will get in and alter the atmosphere of the
shrine.

It has bccn called to our attention that Capitious-
land’s Great. Rngurgitalionnl Newspaper, hereafter
know” its “10 Y‘lffli’S-OIHUH, has been printing lewd
cartoons portraying tllll‘ of our great. naval heroes as
an exhibitionist. Upon cliccking, wc found lliat this
scandal sllt't‘l had indccd published a comic strip
showing Donald Duck in full uniform, with lhc
glaring absence of ii pair of paiiLs. 'I'licsc jcjiiiii-
jiiilcrs should not Iic irlliich to print such porno»
graphy in ii firinin ncwspapcr.

“Spic: l have I‘ollriwr-d all of your columns with
great interest. l would like to take this opportunin
to congratulate you for your good work, arid
express the wish that you will kcep it up until the
siphosaurrrn xiphoids of xenophilia haVc bccn extir-
patcd.

Spiro 'I‘. Nuwspcak"

(Aside: Mr. Ncwspciik is ii public figure ranking
Willi such greats as G. llarrold Carswell, Mortimer
Sncrd, and Lcstcr I’. McSwill. He is ir probable
candidate in thc Presidential election of limit.)

And lhc Pollution Control Board writes, “We Iiier
followed all iif your columns dealing with tlic
pollution of the writers of New York State. It is our
opinioir that you can contribute to the cleanup of
this mess by building a holding-tank pumping
station in your backyard. Not only would you be
hclping to clcan up the environment, but you would
also have ii large supply of fresh  material
for your column."

 

'I'lir' (ffflll‘t' parody, I)_\‘ William
ll'i'iss of Illi' I"i'riliii‘i's Stuff,
t‘illlfllllll‘s our i-crbril carrying on

EDITOR 'S NO'I'IL'

Behind The Closed Doors

Ari ASP Parody
by Dennis Whitehead

The January 27 meeting be-
tween Melvin Laird and John
Stennis regarding US. troop in-
volvement in Laos was notable for
its absolute secrecy. After the
meeting neither Laird nor Stennis
would comment in any way what
had transpired at the session—only
that Laos had been discussed.

The ASP, however, today dis-
covcred a copy of the secret testi-
mony which turned up in an IBM
carton at the Registrar's Office. In
the interest of informing the
American public as to exactly
what is going on in Laos, we
hereby reprint ii transcript of the
meeting:

 

WASHINGTON, .liin. 27—BEFORE SOUTHEAST ASIA TESTI-
MONY—Defense Secretary Melvin R. Laird, left, talks today with
Chairman John Stennis, D-Miss., of the Senate Armed Services
Committee. Laird went before the senators to discuss Southeast Asia

SENATOR STENNIS: ‘Aftcr-
noon, Melvin.
SECRETARY LAIRD:Good to
sec vou again, John.
S’I‘ENNIS: Don’t smile at me,

at ilic closed-door session.

[AP Wircphoio]

 

Mclvin, it turns mah stomach.
Y'all look like you're tryin' to
hire some swoct “'1 ol' white girl
into your car with a piece of
candy.

LAIRD: Ha ha ha. Only if it’s in
the national interest.

STENNIS: Speakin' of that, just
what the hell are you boys doin'
over in Laos anyway? Some son
of a bitch woke me up at 1:30 to
tell me that the Commics got.
wind of it. 1 don't give a diimn
what y'all do to thusi.I Gooks ovcr

lhcrc, but I do not like bcing
awakened so early in the after-
noon.

LAIRD: Let‘s not get bogged
down with that again. Besides, we
have ii brilliant plan. Wc’ll bomb
the hell out of the country, with
our pilots dressed as civilians.
Then to show that we're obcying
Cooper-Church, we have nr-wsmcn
photograph our ground troops
milling around at the Laotiiin bor-
dcr.

S’I‘ENNIS: Mali God! You mean

to tell me that you’re going to
comply---

LALRD: Of course not, John.
They'll be standing at the Laotian
border with Thailand. We expect
to be through Laos in a day or

’ two at most.

STENNIS: Just like Cambodia,

eh?

LAIRD: Like I told Dick, 1 know
where we‘re wrilcomc.

S'I‘ENNIS: The usual No com-
incnts, Mclvin‘.’

LAIRD: 'I‘hc usuiil, John.

1970’s Best

Home Movies

«i Sl' Ilninrir
by Rich Ririi

As something of an amateur movic critic, I‘d like
to sharc with you those muvics shown irt SUNYA
last year that, in my opinion, were outstanding.

One of my favoritcs ran daily from January 'til
May. It was 'I‘Iic (il‘tllltlr' Illusion. with an all-star
cast including Clif 'I'hor'iw. Bill I’crlmuttcr, and Al
Kuusisto us “’l‘hcl’rcsidcnl.” Running simul~
tnncously was Man of u 'l‘lioiistiiirl lv‘riccs. starring
('liurlic chnigan. Both of these pictures Wcrc rated
“G” for gcncral audicnccs.

A revival of thc Wisurd of ()2 fcaturcd Gerry
Wagner us the “'l‘lﬁLiII‘d and, of course, it” of those
beautiful little munchkins, a rurc treat, indeed.

A fine double bill shown last spring was John
Kaufman in Losl Horizon and 'l‘rirzaii's Griiulcsl
('Iirilli'ngc with Ken Stringer as ’I‘nrzun, Davu
Neufcld as Bwana, rind Mike Lirmpcrt as a cast of
thousands. Stringcr's perforiniincc was outstanding,
especially in his twccd loin cloth. However, in
scveriil points of the film the script called for lhc
hero to smilc, an impossible task for the rough-
tough Kcn, so Stringer's grins \vcrc dubbcd in by

Manny Nixon.

The summer offered only one fine film, Nr’iicr
Slr'ril .liiyiliiiig Snirill. starring the stirff of WSUA.

'l‘hc l'irll brought a bevy of cxccptioniil movies,
irrcliidrrig l)r, Kililtii'c's li’ciii'iigc featuring the entire
SUNYA llciiltli Scrvicc stuff. The most powerful
moment of the film comes when Kildiirc, pliiycd
affectionately by Charles O'Rcilly, pours Ccpiicol
ovvr a piilicnl's ruptured appendix. killing him
instantly.

Uiu'lr' ll’igglcy in liabyliinrl, with Louis Beneitct as
Br'cr Rabbit, was fine children's cntei‘tiiinmcnt.

And how can nuyonc forget l’ctcr I'Iiilcy's gripping
pcrformnncc in Erodus, released just last month?

A few sports flicks made their presence known,
loo, Dick Sauers earned plaudits for his production
of Gulli’ricr's Travels. with the varsity basketball
team as the Lilliputiuns. Also on the athletic hit
parade was Kelly‘s Ill’l'tli’s, starring Brian Kelly and
thc Albany swimming lcmn. Finally, there was
(.‘i't'rii lairpcctutions starring Bob Ford and II liirgc
thouin incxpcriciiccd cruel.

 

 

 

rloritllcslingiiig H'le Mr.

SEX IS YOUR BUSINESS

(BIRTH couraor. is ouasi

Iliii'Iicll Filll‘li'l', columnist [or
HIV :llhilll)‘ 'l'imcs-llnion. rllr.
FUN]?! liiis l'i't‘l'llil)’ gi‘iiiili'rl llli'
.«l.\'[‘ on Illfi‘l‘l'li‘li’, llir- [lf‘llt‘t‘l‘tf
iiigs of ll'flli‘h li'lII np/ir'rii' IIl llfll’
ri/' fli'.\f Il’t‘l'li' 's isstir's.

 

 

DYNAMITE
CHICKEN L

Popi will be cancullcd

 

 

 
     
  
 
   
 

RECORDSI
Oldiusl 20,000 in StockiSand $.35
for 2,000 listing calalogMail
Orders Filled. RECORD CENTER
1895 W.25ih - Cleve, Ohlo
Record Tapes

r

 

B
lnlere

Send $4 for packa
brands. Including

We believe you're entitled to your privacy when it comes to bu Ina
contraceptives. We're a nonprofit family plannln agency an we
offer you contraceptives throu t
specialize in men's products

glad? Write today for full details without obllgallon or

of mlxad samples (3 each of five condom.
oth British imports)

rm: program I: mdonod by in. Community and Family Study
Center a] the University a] Chtcaga.

includlng two new European Im-
portsl—but we have nonprescription foam for women, too. And a
wide assortment of books and pamphlets to answer your questions
on birth control, family planning, the population problem and
ecolo

%

h the privacy 0 e malls. We

 
 
   

 

 

City

 

 POPULATION SERVICES. INC.
? ills N. Columbia BL. Dept. ,1.”

. Gentlemen: Please lend me
i encloud -W hill detail: wluiout obllﬂtlon.
Nainc_ﬁ.__..__~  .

Atldrelu-.-..._.‘c_.A .__. _,L _

 

 

,Cluhel "III, N. C. I15“ l llrii|\|'|>
Sample package (remittance I his. ks
St N is

Swuriir'i s

 

COMMODORE DELUXE
‘ DRY CLEANERS

SHIRT LAUNDRY

‘ Located in Quad tower Lounges

Dutch Colonial

Mort—Fri. 4 pm-7 pm Sat. ll am-2 pm

and

  

State
.9qu

  

 

$.48 ua.

STUDENTS AND FACULTY WELCOME

’l‘ry llS“'0ul‘ work is guaranteed

[\rrissus» $.98 an.
Hrirnco.ris~S.90 an.
Soils $.96 ca.

Sirri ls iri.rr taunt) $.20 an.
Shir ls Hummus) $.28 oil.

"We do Tailoring, tool"

 

 

    
  
        

\

. .c w. - _. N ._ N A.“ - _ of... _.... .....A~...»=.:.«.. ~<..«~;_-;-

      
       
           
      
        
       
         
           
       
     
       
         
     
       
       
       
     
         
         
          
       
   
         
         
   
         
       
           
     
       
     
     
       
       
     
     
     
       
     
       
         
       
       
   
       
     
 

 u—Lm. L4,.

 
   
  

 
 

