 

 

 
 
 
     
  
  
    
  
    
 
    
   
 
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
      
 
 
 

 

 

 dig.-  irlll l :

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1971

UCJEI

‘ A I (any suggestions)

Because of the increasing concern with the nature and quality of instruction and curriculum at the State University of New York at
Albany, it is proposed that an organization be established for the expressed purposes of evaluating courses and teachers. This undertaking

should be a joint student-faculty-administration project.

A sub-committee, chosen for this purpose, has developed a general evaluation questionnaire instrument to survey the opinions and

attitudes of students completing specific sections of a course.

BACKGROUND

New Patterns of Undergraduate Education and the various Task
Force reports have all dealt with the need for such an extensive
evaluation, the Task Force on Academic Regulations specifying (Sec.
58):

“Professors are urged to develop and use new or additional
methods of evaluating their own teaching in order to improve the
effectiveness of their courses. Samples of questionnaires, rating
scales, and similar devices, as well as advice from experienced
personnel, should be made available through the Project for the
Improvement of College Teaching and eventually through the
University Office of Evaluation.”

The importance of such an evaluation was also stressed by
numerous reports and papers arising from the “Dialogue” sessions
held last spring on this campus.

Various individual departments and departmental groups have
administered such evaluations for their own courses; e.g., educational
psychology, history, math, physics, political science.

The only attempts at widespread, computerized, inter-departmental
evaluations of courses at S.U.N.Y.A. were those of S.E.C.T., a
standing committee of the Commission for Academic Affairs of
Student Association.

To meet the needs expressed for a total evaluation of courses and
instructors, a new committee under Academic Affairs Commission,
composed of a growing number of interested students, faculty and
members of the administration, has been reviewing evaluations used
at this and other institutions, discussing possible objectives and uses,
and considering matters relating to the construction of such
instruments of evaluation.

OBJECTIVES OF OUR EVALUATION
The primary purpose of the results obtained would be to provide
information helpful to the student in his selection of courses. This
might include: identification of those sections and courses most
beneficial to majors, the description of course structure, work load,
and the nature of examinations.

PROCEDURES
The sub-committee of students and faculty has drawn up a sample
questionnaire, one relatively easy to administer and oriented toward
simple computer processing. This tentative questionnaire is presented
below:

(Students would be asked to respond to these or similar questions
using the following numeric scale: O=not applicable; 1=strong|y
disagree; 2=disagree; 3=mildly disagree; 4=mildly agree; 5=agree; and
6=strongly agree.)

( 1) The reading assignments aid and expand your understanding of
the course.

(2) The written assignments and exams help to coordinate material
presented in the course.

(3) The required work load was heavy relative to other courses.

(4) Much of the material had been covered already in previous
courses.

(5) The lab and lecture material were usually correlated.

(6) The course material was well presented.

(7) A student majoring in this area would find the course particularly
beneficial.

(8) Supporting material (including media, demonstrations, etc.) of
the course are used effectively by the instructOr.

(9) The professor is well prepared for class.

(10) The instructor shows interest and enthusiasm concerning his
material.

(11) The instructor is available for consultation outside class hours.
(12) The professor is constructively responsive to students’ com-
ments, questions, and differing points of view.

(13) I would recommend the professor overall for this course.

(14) Regular attendance (about 3 outs) is required by the instructor
for this course.

(15) The exams cover the important material.

(16) Questions on the examinations are generally clear and unambi-
guous.

(17) Exam or project grade is a fair indication of mastery of course
material.

(18) Under the S-U grading system, a minimal grade of C is necessary
to receive an S.

(19) I would recommend the course overall.

It is recommended that the university community designate a week
toward the end of the spring '71 semester for this initial evaluation.
Arrangements could be made with individual instructors for
distribution and collection of questionnaires by students associated
with the Evaluation Coordinating Committee.

It is further recommended that the initial evaluation be total for all
undergraduate sections at the university. Provision will slso be made
for an on-going revision of the questionnaire instrument from
semester to semester to assess its reliability and increase its validity
and efficiency.

The above questionnaire is only a tentative one. If you object to
certain of the questions, or wish to see other items treated on the
questionnaire, or would like to see the emphasis of some of the
questions changed, please submit your suggested questions, changes
and other comments to Academic Affairs Commission.

Your comments concerning this campus-wide course and instructor
evaluation should be sent to: Academic Affairs Commission -- CC
346, or placed in the box at the Campus Center Information Desk.

 

ADVERTISEMENT

“(ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1971

Marilee" law Demonstration

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Plan Your Own Drug Bust

A National Bust Duy, sponsored by the National
Bust Day Committee, is scheduled for May 5th,
l971. The National Bust Day Committee consists of
all those people who, believing that marijuana laws
are currently unrealistic, will turn themselves in at
the main police station in the nearest population
center on May 5th. I971, possessing sufficient
marijuana to be in violation of the law; they will ask
to be prosecuted under the law, stand mute at the
arraignment, and request a jury trial. It is the
conviction of the Committee that the judicial
system is not equipped to handle the proposed
caseload. Sources say that anywhere from ten to
twenty million Americans use marijuana.

The Bust Day Committee set. forth the following
convictions in their Constitution:

The! [ho icrrn "misdemeanor" is ilmppmpl‘ialt’,
and the (arm "/clony" rrndcrcd nu’nninglcss, when
uscd in conncclion will: proscculion of nuirijuana
offenders.

The! marijuana is “lu’rrI lo slay" in Anu-ricu. and
that cn/orccmcnl of ('Ill‘l'l’lll marijuana Imus
discriininoics ugainsi (hose who cnjoy n suhsluncc
llm! has ycl to bc [II‘UUI’II lo bc dangcrous, in
[)l'('fl'l‘l’IlCl‘ Ul'l’l', or us well us. our (ho! is unduniubly
harmful, and in fuel, lcihul: alcohol.

’I‘lml cn/orccnwnt of currcnl marijuana laws
contribulcs lo disrcspvc! for, and disregard of. Imus
in gcucrul.

The! Mic American drug dilcmmu will m'ucr ()c
resolved unli.’ marijuana laws urc cliungcd drasli-
cally, and unit! a cliinulc for lcgilimalc sludy of
drug qucslions is ji-‘ou‘dcd.

Thai drug qur'sn ins are being cuudcd and furilwr
submerged in In rsicry and rnylh by cliforccmcnl of
currcnl marijuana laws.

'l'liui marijuana is no! u “nurcolic” and ils lumping
under “nurcolic” laws is an ac! of fruuduicnl
acquisition o/Icgul liccnsc lo a mcdicul li'rm.

'l'liul lliosc who usc nmrijunnu arc no! criminals.
and should no! bu Iri'ulcd (is such.

'I‘hu/ Illt’ p/u‘usc "psychological dcju'ndcnc)” is
bring hyslcrii‘ully sold In lllc Alill'l‘lt'all public as u
pcjm'ulii'c synonym for “pri-fi-rcncc,” and (he! I/uI
[)lirusr' "psychological rlcpcndr'ntgv" will soon (“so

its meaning if its application is not more carefully
defined and restricted in its use.

It is the intention of the Committee to cause
public ofﬁcials to change, with overdue haste, laws
regarding marijuana, by revealing the true numbers
of those who use marijuana. The committee believes
that this action will have a positive effect on
American society by helping to restore meaning to
our laws by changing, or removing entirely,
meaningless marijuana laws.

The Committee contends that their purpose is not
to advocate the breaking of the law; rather, they are
advocating that those who would be in violation of
marijuana laws on May 5th to turn themselves in to
their local police for prosecution under existing law.
The purpose of this would be to render existing
marijuana laws asunder.

“33,

ﬁg
pus; , I
if

 

."E -V -

s:

-

Nepalism. Out: Jobs Open to Women

'l'hc Caucus on Women‘s Rights at State Univursily of New
York at Albany has confirmed that their efforts to aboliin thc
Univcisily‘s nepotism rule has prchn successful.

The nepotism rule has prohibited members of the same
family from bcing concurrently employed within the
University on olhcr than a short-term or temporary basis. The
resulting (in fnclo discrimination against women stems from
the fact that women do not have equal mobility with men in
seeking employment: the location of the husband‘s
employment. usually determines whom a family lives, and a
wife frequently has no opportunity to use her skills if she is
barred from working at. the same place as her husband.

Caucus co-chairpcrsons Roberta M. Ottuvinni and Peter K.
Gcssucr, both faculty members in the University, said, “We
are delighted to learn that the University‘s Trustees have
voted to abolish the rule, as it has been a major barrier to the
employment of womcn throughout. the University. We have
rcccchd a letter from C. Eugcnc Krutz, Director of Equal
Opportunin Programs for the Univcrsity, announcing this
chnugc and cxprussing gi-ntiludc to the Cnusus for its 'support
and lcnr rship in the activities which ch to the 'I‘rusiccs'
(lccision '

The Caucus on Women's Righls (COWR at SUNY) is a
rapidly growing organizuliun of Static Univcrsily l'ncully,

 

 

 

‘l BANNUT IMAGINE ANYONE WHO CARES llBlllJl IIIE 0Ull lTY [IE ﬂUll BUIIURE, EVEN
INSTANTLY,MISSING‘MIINIEREYPIIPf"(":‘l:'i.?l'.::")“llESlHEllIlllllY AND AURAILY
STUNNING."(I..‘l::L”i;:J...l“llN ELECTRIEYING llNl] ElECIRIEIEI] PICTURE."($231,113?)

students, and staff. Since its inception in June 1970 it has
gathered support within more than 50 SUNY units. It has
been pressing for reforms on M issues in the fields of
cmploymcni rights and curriculum change.

At a recent meeting with University Chancellor Ernest
Boyer, Mrs. Ottaviuni and Dr. Gessner stressed the necessity
for committees on the status of women within each unit of
the University. They also established a working relationship
with Dr. Krntz, who has been charged by the Chancellor with
the task of developing an Afﬁrmative Action Plan, spelling
out precisely how the University will expand opportunities
for women. The Plan must be filed with the Federal
Govcrnmcnt if the University is to continue to receive
millions of dollars in Federal Aid. Charges of sex
discrimimttion against the University are now pending in
Washington.

“This is a great step forward." Mrs. Ottuviani and Dr.
Gcssner stated, "It proves not only that the Caucus on
Women‘s Rights can cffectivoly assist the University in
making progress toward equality of opportunity for women,
but Lhal the University is capable of changing as new needs
and rculillcs present themselves. Let us hope that the need for
the dcvr-lopmcnl of childcare centers on SUNY campuses
which wc huvc discussed with Chancellor Boyer and his staff
is mcl with similar responsiveness by the University."

 

Non-violent Action

Training

Friday and SuturdayJ‘clnuury 5th and trill—7,9. and II I'M
(Sunday in LC lit at 8PM)

ONE DOLLAR
ADMISSION

IIEVI SOIIIID SYSTLQ

 

DlHEANIMALSlHEWHUCOUNlRYJOEANDlHE ElSHOlISREDUINGJIMIHENDRIXHAV

MONTERF-Y POP 

III I” PlNNIBAKf-R lllMlU Al llll MUNIINIY INIINNNIIONAI PUP lISIIVAI AIIACUCK PINNINAKIN lilllhl

 

MAGNETIC -S‘IIIIPI SOIIIID TRACK,

JANISJOPLINWIIHBIGBROlHERANDlHEHOLDINGCOMPANYSCOIlMCKENZlEMAMAS/INDPA
PASCANNEDHEAIHUGHMASEKELAJEFFERSONAIRPIANEWIIHGRACESHCKERICBU )(lNAN

SHANNAR

IN LC2

 

'I‘lu- I’t-ncv Project is sponsoring a wcckcntl of training in
non-violcnl ilk'lltlll, liclnnnry 18- Lil ,l 97 l . 'I‘hc [raining will ln'
l(‘(l by tho New York ('in Qunkcr Prop-cl on Community
Conflict (Ql’i't‘) ’l‘hrougli l‘IIlt“|)lIl)’lug, discussion, classes on
slrnlcgy, tactics. li-nilcrshlp and (lircct action methods, we will
cxplorc crcnllvv, I'nrccl'nl and loving ways to build a just and
peaceful Mll‘lt'ly. \Vc will livc and work together during the
Wt'ckciul. llopcl‘ully, lIIUM' who conic away with n commit-
men! In imnyiolcncc will want to stay in touch and to follow
up, as a group. on whle lhnl commitmcul mcnns.

'l‘ln- I'irsl scssinn will hcgin 'l‘hursdaiy night, February 18, ill
7*:lll I’M in lhv Assembly llnll of Ihc SUNY Campus Center.
The second scsslun will bcgin Friday, l’cbrunry IE), in thc
l“i‘ll(>\vs|llp llull nl' Ihc Unitarian Church, 105 Washington
Avonuc, Albany, nI 5:110 I’M and continuing through Sunday.
It is impnrtnnl lhul you bc nblc to attend the cntirc workshop.
Iicginning with l“!'ltlil_V'S supper. nicnls :md slccping will be in
the Unitarian Church. Bring your own budding and towels.
'I‘hc churgc is $7 for SUNYA sludcnls \viIh tux cards and $10
for all olhcrs. I’lcnsc do not lci this ice keep you away;
indiculc on tho application form liclow if you cannot afford
lhc l'cc.

For mori- inl'urnmllon‘wul‘ogmnifirnl:your application please
call: Muddy at 15777121), Ilnrry at 157-8746, Martha at
«Mil-7| ll, or Capital Area l’cucc Ccnlcr nl Mill-8297. Please
scnd your application form, with payment if possible, to
Muddy Fodcn, BAIlOll, SUNYA, 1100 Washington Ave,
Albany, N. Y. l220li.

Yes, I will attend the NONVIOLENI' ACTION TRAINING
workshop, February Ill-2|, I97].

Name ...............Phone.
Sex? .  ‘St‘udeiitat  .Elaewh'ere?‘
Faculty'i..................
Organizational affiliations

Do you need ﬁnancial aid?

I’uymeuleucloscd? . . . . . . . .
Comments?

. How much?

 

 

 

 

      
     
     
     
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
    
    
   
   
  
     
  
  
   
    
   
     
  
   

w .n. as». am v4

.. at“ 2. 3‘

a
’L

   

  
  

 
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
  
    
 

  
  
  
 

  

    
 

      
  

  

     

 

