 

 

 

Bernadette Devlin adressed a cheering crowd at Skidmore on Sunday

Democratic Leaders
Favor Drug Law Ease

ALBANY. N. Y. Al’ w The legislature's Democratic
leaders came out in fiivor of a proposal to case the

penalties for possession of small quantities of
marijuana.
Senate Minority Leader Joseph 'aaretzki and

Assembly Minority Leader Stanley Steingul issued a
joint statement endorsing recommendations made
last month by the Temporary State Commission to
Evaluate the Drug Laws.

The commission proposed ii revised range of
penalties so thtit possession and use of the smallest
specified quantity of m1!rljllillltl"Ollﬂ‘qllilrlt'r
ounce—would be punishable by a maximum of 15
days in jail, rather than the present one year
imprisonment.

Zaretzki and Steiiigu't said a broader range of
penalties would make the state's lth “both rea»
sonable and enforceable,"

They added. however, that they (lid not endorse
legalizing the use of marijuiina.

Vassar Opposes
IBM Grad. Center

The Student Senate iit Vassar College passed four resolutions
Wednesday that denounced plans for a colitroVersial consortium
graduate center on the campus to be funded by the International
Business Machine Corp. Student opposition was based on their
contention that the technological aspect of the plan was “not in
keeping with the character of Vassar College," a liberal arts school
Students also opposed the pliiii because of IBM's involvement in
defense contract work. A boycott of classes and similar actions was
called for to voice opposition. In addition. it march on IBM‘s buildings
In Poughkcepaie was held by 130 students on Wednesday.

 

Have you tried the
Patroon Room? Why
not try it on
Saturday night?

It was erroneously stated iii
the February it, 1971 issue of
the ASI’ that parking fines were
$1. $2. and $11. They are $1. $3.
and $5.

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT mass

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1971

Representative of Working Class

Bernadette Devlin Speaks

by Mike Ellis
C'in Editor

Bernadette Devlin told a cheering crowd at
Skidmorc that the fight she helped lead in Northern
Ireland was “not in defense of a Catholic minority
but to demand economic freedom and justice for
the working class.“

Speaking before an overflow crowd in Saratoga
Sunday, the twenty-three year old MP (Member of
Parliament) stated she had arrived at her socialist
outlook “by the worker route, not by the
intellectual route. I speak not as an Irish Catholic
but as a member of the international working class."

Devlin grew up on welfare and family charity after
her father's early death. The area she lives in has
never had a male unemployment figure below 7%.
(It is now over 10%.)

The recent demonstrations in Ireland began in
October. 1968, when a group of civil rights
demonstrators were doused with water cannons.
Because of her participation in demonstrations last
year, she was imprisoned for four months. Ilchver,
she was reelected to Parliament and took her seat
after her release from prison.

Devlin said that "official government statistics
show 5% of the British own 85% of tltc wealth."
She said the situation is similar in most countries.

“The working class has created every progressive
change in the world. The 5% have produced the
wars and misery. The working class has not started
war." In a related comment. she said. “’I‘hc 5% of
Americans cretitcd the demand for the Vict Nam
War because they were afraid of losing power in the
area."

At a press con ferencu earlier in the day, she stated,
“What I would wish for Ireland is a .Hsituation
where the people Iiave got their rights, that is ii
situation in which there is no unemployment, no
poverty line. no homeless; to have that situation
you must. in fact. have the control of the wealth
and pUWer in .,.the hands of the democratic
majority.“

"The democratic majority in any society are the

95% of that society which produces the wealth;
therefore, give to the working class of Ireland all the
means of production. I would classin that as a
socialist republic."

The purpose of her trip to America is to raise
funds for a socialist research center in Belfast, She is
a member of the People’s Democracy which has six
aims: one man, one vote (in Northern Ireland
property qualifications exist for voting and rich
landowners acquire the votes of their tenants); and a
fair drawing of electoral boundaries; freedom of
speech and assembly; repeal of the Special Powers
Act (which gives the police almost unlimited power
of arrest and detention);and a fair allocation of jobs
and houses.

Site was also asked about her sympathy for Angela
Davis.

“...if you look at Angela Davis' position, it's very
much the same as Dan Berrigan's position or the
position of far too many young people in Norther
Ireland... Everybody knows that were they not the
people they were, did they not expouse the political
ideologies they do, they wouldn't be standing
there."”You become very aware...that the law is not
the protectorate of the people. It is yet one more
arm which can be used by those people in ower to
stifl‘le the dissidents."

Devlin holds that there is not equality before the
law, “It is made by the system for the protection of
that system, and anyone who tries. by whatever
peaceful means, to change that system, will find
that the law is wide enough to charge him with a
crime."

As “a member of the international working class.
we assert our right not only to the means of
production, but we organize to take that right. And
when military might is used against us, We assert our
right of survival and self defense." she said.

Miss Devlin believes unification can occur only
when workers find the common bond of socialism
to unite them.

Civilian Review Board to

Watch Military Intelligence

Robert Dobkin
Associated Press Writer

WASHINGTON AP

Secretary of Defense Melvin R, Laird announced today creation of a top-level

civilian review board to oVersee domestic military intelligence activity and to insure that the constitutional

rights of all citizens are safeguarded

Laird named Asst. Secretary of Defense Robert F. Froelilke to head the

board and "direct,

manage and inspect military investigative and related counter‘intelIigence activities."
The action carries out Laird‘s Dec, ZII pledge to strengthen civilian control over domestic military
intelligence operations to prevent. a recurrence of the controversy that surrounded the military's spying on

civilian dissenters and political activists.

The new board. called the Defense InvestigatiVe Review Council. will be composed of senior civilian
Pentagon officials with only one of its members from the military. He will be Lt. Gen. Donald Bennett.
director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. DIA. which is responsible for foreign intelligence.

F ie e .' ' I ‘- ' . .r . . . .

ri hlk \tlld tlll. new board is preparing a comprehensive, departm nt-wide policy governing all future

investigative and related counter-intelligence activities.

‘ u ' ' i n ' - i r . . . s
I‘roehlke said a reVIew of charges that the military spied on eivdians without authorization loiiiid that
. , .. . . .
the allegations were often exaggerated. but contained sufficient substance to justify botli concern and

corrective actions. "

Although he declared he “found no evidence of ii grand conspiracy." Frochlke acknowledged that, 111
sortie cases. the military had been negligent in its zeal to collect information on possible civil disturbances.
Senate hearings will open next week on allegations that spying on civilians by the military violated

constitutional rights to privacy.

He blamed the problem, in part. on the tense dom

estic situation in 1967-68. During that time when the

military was ordered into an area. he said. civilian officials were "too imprecise" in telling what the

military could do.

Under the reorganisation, he said. the review board will report directly to the secretiirv ofdefi-iise

 

Telethon ’71

7PM Friday-7 PM Saturday
February 26—February 27

In the Snack Bar

All are Welcome to Come!

 

 

KNOX STREET
WATERBEDS
IJIII Knox St, 434-6508
0” Madison-l bloc/i South of
New Scotland Ave.
STUDENT SPECIAL
Willtlllllltl Maiiiiiss- IWIII . . .‘liltb
Malliiiss Liiioi l’nd . I’iii‘kiiiie $64

Lowut prices on the East Coast

Jiiiiilio 8i Hound walurhuds Available

 

 

 

Come Together

In.

IRELAND

(student flight)

BECOME A TRUTHOLOGIST:
ltiiirii ii new minute that «no it!
Slflltllllt' siiiioly ltlLlHlItlillI WIIII
utliit'til ithiiilisiii in llltlllilll tailin
Vlui loi iiilioilucltiiv Iiliiiuliiiu

Including II

TRUTH" coin . send
Tiuliioloqy 610 Central Ave .
bony, NV. 12206 (Tiuiiioloov '5

Morn—Thur: 3—11PM; Sum: l—OPM f I y P A N A M :RLCT'ii‘a‘OE-jng ﬂagrzinsloj‘iggo
Frl. Gi Slt.—‘IOAM-2AM H LOGICAL DIFFERENCES. Scho-
"Lovu in liquid Luxury" 0“ sue tattle Inquiry HIVIIBGA

a t. 7 - 7 a 2 l

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Slavic Studies Dept.
Result of Cooperation

by Larry Berwitz

A spirit of co-operation be-
tween faculty and students has
been instrumental in the forma-
tion of the Slavic Studies Depart-
ment, to be instituted here at
SUNYA in the full. Ten years ago
Russian studies were started at
SUNYA under the auspices of the
Germanic and Slavic Languages
and Literature Department. At
that time. there were only lliirty
books in the Russian field in our
library, Since then, the Russian
library Iias grown to over 10,000
volumes.

There were original plans to
form a Slavic Studies Department
here in Fall '70. Noted historian
Michael Clierniavsky and Profes
sor David Djapai‘idge were slated
to organize such a department.
However the new department to
be postponed a year, until a new
chairman could be found.

At present, the applicant ac-
copied by the Russian Depart-
mcnt's faculty-studet committee
is being cleared by the Committee
on Continuing Appointments. It is
hoped that this new appointment
can be annouticed sometime next
month.

A search committee composed
of administration and faculty was
formed to find suitable candidates
for the position of chairman.
Three candidates met with the
faculty and the Russian student
representativos and both groups
voted 50-50 for the candidate of
their choice. The student repre—
sentatiVes became involved with
the Russian Department as a re-

sult of the Student Strike last
spring. These students are the
elected representatives of the

majors and minors in the Russian
Department and have been instru-
mental iii urging reform within
the Department as well as pressing
for Russian autonomy from the
German Department. Sonya
Sasuta. nominal head of the stu-
dent. represenlzitiVes eommenliiig
on the student rationale for iii-
volvcineiil said, “Everyone needed
an answur to what. the Universin
was about."

 

HEIP!

Anyone who has copies
of the january 22 and
February 5 issues of the
ASP, please bring them
to the ASP office, CC
334.

Thank you.

 

 

 

CAPITOL
PRESS
PRINTERS

letterpress?"*of/sel
lithography
306 308 Central Avenue
Albany, New York
472-9703
lliiiveiin) Repiesciitalive,
('liiistiiie (ieiliaiill
I‘cii Iliock lilo
-iS'/-7K77

 

 

Negotiations are also in progress
for a full professor who will take
over the duties of Professor
Catherine Wolkonsky who is going
into semi-retirement as of Fall
'7]. Professor Wolkonsky has
been at SUNYA since 1963 and
has been instrumental in the
growth of the department.

Since the inception of the Rus-
sian Department, its growth has

been rapid. In 1966 a graduate
program for Master of Arts Wits
formed. There are between twen-
ty and twenty four graduate stu-
dents taking part. in this program
every year. Last year there Were
thirteen graduates with a Master
of Arts degree. There are present-
ly plans to incorporate a doctoral
program in the department by
1973. From the one course of-
fered in Russian in 1961, the
department has expanded to
twenty six undergraduate iind
graduate courses offered now.
Plans include the expansion of the
curriculum within the depart-
ment. as well as the development
of a summer program in Russia,

It is also hoped that from
teacher and class evaluation
forms, the department can make
available a booklet to students
planning on taking any Russian
courses. that will contain more in
depth course description than in
currently offered in the bulletin as
well as teacher evaluation inform»
ation.

The growth of the Russian De-
partment is in part a reflection on
the administration 's policy of pro-
moting understanding about a
Vitiil area in the world today.

Council of Churches
0.K. Stein Bill

ALIIANY. N.Y. Al’ The State
Council of Churches endorsed
Wednesday ii bill before the legis-
lature that would protect New
Yorkers against serving in an un-
declared military conflict.

The legislative commission of
the Protestant organization said in
a statement that it urged passage
of the bill sponsored by Demo-
cratic Assemblyman Andrew
Stein of Manhattan.

That measure would amend New
York’s military law so that a state
resident would not Iiave to serve
in a combat zone outside the
United States or in an area where
hostilities have existed for more
than 60 days unless the Congress
declared that ii state of wtir
existed in which this country was
involved.

“We are opposed to involuntary
participation of citizens of our
state- or our country~iii a war
which liiis not been acted upon by
the [.‘oiigre as clearly provided
for in the US Constitution." the
statement. said.

 

Masses of illegally parked cars in the fuelanis on the (

problem for security as well

as being a serious fire hazard.

 

t a

lands and around the podium pose an immense

---si'luer

Problems with Union Lettuce and

Illegal Parking Discussed

by Howard Mahler

An issue of national prominence
has made itself felt on the Albany
campus. President Benezet ex-
plained the problems in attempt-
ing to procure only Ceasar
Chavez's Union picked lettuce.

The lettuce, bearing the union’s
symbol of a black eagle. costs
approximately fifty cents to one
dollar more per ease than does
other lettuce. While on the surface
this appears to be a negligible
amount. the university consumes
some ﬁfteen hundred cases of
lettuce a year. and the purchasing
of more expensive lettuce could
ultimately affect board rates.

In addition. according to I’SA
which looked into this ssiie, the
black eagle lettuCe is difficult to
obtain. A conflict has arisen be»
tween Chavez's union and the
teamslers union because the latter
are trying to unioni’Le other farm
workers under their union's nus»
pices. II. is the tcamsters that
transport the lettuce to the uni-
versity‘s Albany supplier and they
have in some instances, allowed
the lettuce to spoil rather than
transporting it. as they should.

Bcnezet acknowledged the mill-
tit tide of problems centering
about the lettuce issue and stated
tllllt‘ldlt.‘ iinIVersity was lll sym-
pathy with Chavez‘s union.

  

Ilenezet eoiiinieiiled on what
had been termed an un usually
large number of EOI’ students

that had been academically dis»
missed after last semester. He said
that the number was not as large
as many thought siiiee many of
the students who had been no-
lit‘ied lliiil their registration had
been lei'iiiiiiiiled liatl appealed the
decisions or had made up Work.
and had been reinstated. Only -1ti

 

in

 

The Deadline for
Applications for Waivers of
The Student Activity Assessan
Is Wednesday, Feb., 24., 1971.

Applications are available

CC 346.

 

 

 

  
  

out of the original 110 EOP stu-
dents thal. had been notified were
actually dismissed. Beneth went
on to say that the program is still
experimental and is doing what he
termed “a remarkable good job"

Parking complaints were in the
forefront of the President's bi-
weekly Campus Forum once
again. What appetired to have been
a sudden crackdown on illegal
parking was the disputed issue this
Week. Three hundred and seventy
nine tickets were issued over last
weekend in comparison to a usual
weekend average of some fifty
tickets. James Williams. security
director, denied that he had order-
ed a crackdown. and went on to
express the opinion tlial the poor
Weather conditions oVer the week-
end hail probably prompted many
more students to park up by the
dorms,

Parking on the quadraiigles was
termed a very serious problem.
Williams stated that the campus
averages 11 to 1| fires a month, and

the congestion caused by the ille-
gally parked cars in the fire lanes
is a definite fire hazard. While
parking in the fire 1mm violates state
fire laws, Williams stated that it
was not the state that was com-
plaining about the congestion, but
rather the Albany Fire Chief him-
self. He has refused to take his
equipment through the fire lanes
when they are heavily congested.

When questioned as to why ille-
gal parking on the quads seems to
have increased this year. Williams
pointed to the fact that there are
1500 more Cars registered on cam-
pus this year.

No immediate solution to this
dangerous problem has been
worked out. ’I‘icketing and towing
of cars will continue. Possible
solutions mentioned were the
building of miilti-Ieveled parking
structures, or the institution of
parking privilege fees. However.
none of these solutions are immi-
iieiil.

Filibuster on Filihuster Bill

by John Chadwick

A sso ci'o led Press Writer

WASHINGTON Al’ 7 Senators trying to make it
easier to choke off filibusters lost a first test vote

'I‘hu isday.

On ii move to halt a Southern-led filibuster against
1| proposed change in Senate rules, the vote was 48
for and 37 against, or I) short of the necessary
two-thirds majority ofsenatoni voting.

A second attempt is planned next Week to cut off
the debate that began Jan. 26 on the proposal to
permit l'ilibtisters to be halted by a three-fifths
majority of senatoni voting rather than the two-
tliirds iiiajorily now required by the rules.

i "111113111131

 

Buy 2-Gel' I Fre

with this coupon
either

i S

MIKE s 

Giant Roast Beef 11]

summer SANDWICH 3‘
«if/er expires I’eb. .38. I971 f

GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
é‘ﬂHIaCLIP THIS C01 IPON; llll

a; 1.1va

  
     
     
       
    
     
  

lill-E-Ill

 
 

uni 

  

 
 
  

guarantee

 

.4 .14.; .75»: mum x 143%)" ex‘ narrow-

 

 

