 
 

 

 

 
 

New Rightist Liberty I

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

'WIHAVI MAINE"?

WWW“.

 

{to

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

—__—

   
    

( M I. ‘~ Q ’E‘_: ‘ I .
'  n_:i ﬂ-
‘ L y I .L. .
5'2

'WI'LI. SIAT YOU TWO CH1" roormn-rou MUST H

 

Q. “

\

AV! A.I.O'l' TO TALK AIOU'fl'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Bombing... Virginia

An ASP Coluinn .
by Mitchell Frost
An ASP Humor Column
Stan Lehr and Louis Rossetto Jr. have written a fascinating article by Gene Damm

in the New York Times magazine section of January 10 entitled, “The
New Right Cred -- Libertarianism.” Since I consider myself a
libertarian of sorts, i read the article with great interest, but I am
sorry to say that I was disappointed.

The authors quite correctly assess much of today’s political
ideology as tiresome and hypocritical. Many conservatives, while
proclaiming law and order,“could scarcely contain their glee" when
they saw construction workers pummel anti-war protesters and long
haired innocent bystanders. “Some were the self-appointed purifiers
of society-- those who wanted to ‘clean up‘ pornography, drug use,
long hair, and other vices." Yet, conservatives have long claimed to be
the true champions of personal freedom.

Liberals feel that "‘the state should have virtually unlimited power to
redistribute material wealth, plan and regulate economic activity and
balance the desires of each interest group against those of every
other." When their social solutions fall to have positive results, rather
than trying new solutions they compound the problem by proposing
the some solutions in a higher dosage. For example, since rent control
has resulted in a virtual halt in the construction of low-cost housing.
liberals have advocated more rent control. Every time the minimum
wage is increased, thousands of workers (the unskilled, the young, the
black) are thrown out of work and added to the unemployment rolls.
Of course, say the liberal, the solution is a higher minimum wage.

The radicals, lamenting about the “fascist system" oppressing
them, have set up their own brand of fascism in colleges under their
de facto control threatening students who oppose them, "The New
Left reached the height of its appeal by misrepresenting its goals as
libertarian, and it began to decline as soon as its totalitarian nature
became evident."

Where the authors and the article break with reality is in the true
meaning of freedom. As the authors acknowledge, freedom includes
the right of a people to organise among themselves to form a
community or government. For a system to be politically free it must

3130 be econommilly [me (With some rem-“CHOW "0 Cheek the “buses Leonid BFEZhneV- 3" the International Meeung or communl“ and r; likc lhc samc \vil. i can dancc and play liaskclball and l lialc WHlCH
0f monopolies-both industrial Md unlonl- Thus the llbcrlnrluns Workel‘ﬁ' Parlles in MOSCOW, June 7. 1969: "comradﬁy 3” 0f “5 base  bureaucracy and this papcr-l'illcd slupid sociclv. 5
rightly call for lalssel‘lﬂll'e- Laws are freely “Nd democratically ourselves 0n “'19 fuel lhﬂl the World Boeinllm SYStem is the lending  'l'hc prolilcm is organiziilion: \Vc caii'l gcl hlogcthcr l)ccau:.«- wn- KH’L
“tab”!!th l0 Prom“- freedom: "0" to reﬁne" 'l- WVOlMlOHMY force Mid the mﬂlmtny 0f the “Ull‘lmperlﬂllSl (read: organixc dil'l'i-ri-nlly, or rallii-r, llicy organizc and i don't. Who ME-

The authors find it difficult to understand the need to protect a
free society. To make their point they quote Karl Hess: “Libertar~

  

“...with society to fulfill our responsibilities, to exercise our rights,
and to insure that society or government does not infringe upon or
suspend those rigits. Otherwise, it is our rigit to disband the
government by democratic means."

against Communism, the libertarians were more concerned about
whether the Government had the right to tax and conscript its citizens
to undertake so improbable an adventure. Libertarians believed that is
the country were really in danger a free citizenry would be more than
willing to defend it voluntary." With this issue the authors break with
reality.

Firstly, they fail to realize that freedom has its enemies, those
individuals and countries who wish to direct a movement to
overthrow our government with the freedoms it provides. At present,
the Soviet Union and Communist China are the two greatest external
threats to these freedoms; and the leaders of these two powers have as
much as said so.

anti-American) movement..."
Lin Piao, Defense Minister of Red China, at the Ninth National

 

They're the same color and they can’t get along.

Reﬂections on Race

.Ilu zlSl’ ('o/unm

by John O‘Grady

l'vc studicd tlic [)i‘llllll‘m, and I can't scc why ilicy'rc (lil'fcrcnl.
why i can‘t got along with them. Aro they ltilltlt'l', or Wlillt'l’, or
happicr‘.’Morc rhythmic, morc scxual, mori- aliciialcd. lll‘lll'l'
orgiinizcd'.’

Hell, I fch 1110 samc rhythms, and wanl lhi- sumo womcn, and

now hates llivm so much llial Ilicy sing and march and writi-
about oppi'cssion'.’

innism is the Viewmihm 1‘“ man’s Boeinl icy?“ Should be valumury'" Congress of the Communl“ Purty 0f Faking' Chinav April 1' 1969: l'd almost join llH'II‘ organizaiion, lnil it's all splil up Jlll\Wi|\
They completely disregard the responsibility that must come With "The current Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution is absolutely ()pprussm m. nm‘ “WWI, um mph. middhwm» “ppww,” mm
freedom. necessary and most timely for consolidating the dictatorship of the luwur-Clzlas ()pprl-sscrl, and in working with all of llwm l‘il lit-

My other point of dispute with Messrs. Lchr and Rossetto is in
regard to national defense. For instance: "...whilc traditionalists
automatically supported any step the Government chose to take

 

W...

A film by Emle l'lntott

proletariat (meaning the mass murders of those opposing Communist
Party directives) preventing capitalist restoration and building social-
ism."

We cannot ignore these statements any more than we can ignore
the North Vietnamese aggression in South East Asia, Russian
aggression in the Middle East, or the Russian build-up of offensive
nuclear weapons including the 25 megaton SS-9 missiles. Unfortunate-
ly, Messrs. Lchr and Rossetto choose to overlook these events.

Sccondly, the authors are naive if they believe that our national
defense can be based on a reliance on the free citizenry’s willingness
to jump to its nation's defense in time of crisis. With a standing army
abandoned to be replaced by... by wliat'fl‘hcy fccl that our security
could be defended by a band of citizens who, upon seeing their
nation’s security threatened would volunteer their services to its
defense, ii sort of massive posse. The only problem is that modern
security measures rcquirc something better than an untrained group of
citizens masquerading as an army. We would be literally defenseless. A
more reasonable solution to the forced conscription of tho draft-lol-
tcry is an all-volunteer army gradually rcplucing our present standing
army iind immediately replacing thosc unwilling conscripts who are
serving in Vietnam against their will. (Such a solution was iidvuciitcd
by Jim Buckley during his senatorial campaign.)

A philosophy based on individuality is, of course, il philosophy
based on freedom and is superior to any other but. it must bc
adaptable to modern day problcms. Any philosophy which is nol
practical is useless. Liberty and freedom must be the major thrust

 

working with straights uh Wcll as radicals, and will] scholars as wcll
as dropouts. 'l‘lic phcnomcnoii is loo confusing lo cope with.

Ycl thcy 50cm to stick logcllicr, as if prolilcms difl'crciil from
my own givc Llicm colicrcncc willioul mc. Somehow llicy‘vc gnl
morc mom-y to spt'llil on cars and lll(‘l' clothi-s and purlics, and
they look likc llicy sliarc llu- sonic join-s. In fact, soiiiclimcs I
catch l‘lysl'll thinking llic_\"rc all suspicious-looking,

'l'licri! arc oppol‘lunilics for working rclalionships, lliougli ()n
the job, I can coopcratc Willi llicm can;in enough, as long as w:-
avoid pcrsunal tclisions. What Llic licll, wc livc (liffci‘cnlly, coino
from dil‘l'crcnl backgrounds, lwisl our pcrsonolitics in \\'l(lt'l)'
disparate ways; il is cnough. ii is a start, lliai a similar Joli or a
single working objectch can bring us logctlicr.

So there's hopc. Christ, tlicy‘rc cvi-n llll' sonic color as i am.
Considering the freedom we‘re all working for and cvs-rything ulsc
we liavc in common, thcrc's no ri-ason l shouldn't bc ablc to gcl
along with white pcopli- some day.

 

 

Man U Suc, Defense Minister Extraordinaire and PR man for
the North Vietnamese Air Force promptly sent a curtly worded
sharply barbed incisive warning to Washington today. The notice
follows heavy bombing all week of the states of Pennsylvania,
Maryland, and Virginia in reprisal for thchWningby the Americans
of a North Vict reconnaissance plane in clear violation of the
understanding. The understanding wasn ‘t specified.

According to Our American Herilage Diclionary. however,
"understanding" means “a solemn covenant unilaterally arrived at
do, to projection of wish fulfillment on the part of the solemnizer
in a specified context, i.c., getting ones troops out of a combat
zone, and subject to unilateral conditions at the disposition of the
solemnizer given the contingencies of the situation."

Discounting cncmy claims of an understanding with the
Pentagon whereby the North Vietnamese would only bomb north
of the Mason-Dixon line U Suc claimed that Westernlogic dictated
that massive bombing raids were the proper rcsponsc since the
recon plane violated their territorial integrity not ours," and
stalcd if there were an understanding he would be the first to
know about it. lntcrjeclcd U Suc: “War is hell,"

Hc wciil on to explain that the raids should not be interpreted
as an escalation of the war but as limited temperil-spatio
functional counter dctcrrcnt operations systems response and
(lii’cclcd rcporlcrs lo the North Vict Air Force Manual No.
:l-l5678 for more lcclinical explanation. When questioned aboul
civilian casuallics U Soc made some flippant Oriental remark
aboul Americans running short of manliolc cchrs. His conversa-
lionr was, lllll'l'S|)1‘rS(.‘(l with Chinese bullshit about lhc pcnplc and
his English Wcrcn'l too good.

llc dcclincd lo comment on rcporlcd raids in lowa and
Florida.

 
   
  

('I’S Graphic

 

“Bills
“DIVE

 

 

the

tummy with In cocks!)
Special Guest Artlslix

SAVOY BROWN

behind iiny free society bu l. Llic system must be designed to cope with
the real world, or anarchism is sure to follow.

0

PATROON ROOM ANNOUNCES

 
  

  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

,3: featuring Ilia Slmmnls 
J' a
(3 ‘ p r
:3. "'°"l‘:ll.'l't‘.il“" \;
_ ,3 and many. many others 
l . . . C
s. * * . Plllliililicligncept Assac's. Inc. 9‘
‘ . iscou  
o ' n v E'°l’"c°.‘ll.?§al"°c'.m 5
: Drugs with a meal at rd :: noting  z”;
‘1 - ' . C
assasssssa Now you can enjoy Elegant Dining and E
; Legal Hassles an", Ag S Pi a , , ,1
E S : drlnks in one of the. Finest Restaurants gamma,“:3wa:
. i i . . I ll 1 n
P re anc - . . ' into: (MILO-304:1! — autism stitch (sis)
- ' u i g" 3’ g, Sollcﬂlng g In the Albany area. ‘ Wilt....la'k.flii.l“§fl°pb.tl.ll::
An    o   5% C 1 fr Menu iiicliidcs”“  iii."-u‘ilifiiliﬂliicriiinhiiiii irrigf'f'
pop GIII'III'O Wlul "88'103 by: anon nuaulwl H Any P 1'0ka 0 “mns STEAK son 'rwo liroilcd Lobster 'l‘uils . . . $6.25 GOURMET ’I‘ENDERLOIN or BEEF : eff.fogkiriiltaiﬁiziiigi {:Cli‘illynklsli'aldll;
illWIlil Ill ' . .,, .,.. . . . v -. ,— \‘ . . . .
, Paul Krassner' Richard Pryor. Lenny Bruce. JV“ WM” ‘lnlth Ll ﬁYou have the righ‘ to leliilflljloi likkhl'l; li(l)U|QUlu l llulltl‘. :cnl Llulllcl l’lllillillulllllil . . , . . .  blices oflziigulcglt licccvltnlnmced l gaﬁeg|énsgslb§xc$§rceluEonfiiélllraogh‘Eé‘l
,‘ ' ‘ . en ,‘ti , ' i 1 3  1i .‘ (I i" at ‘.‘o c . . . . . . . .. $1.5 WI 1 ur ‘ in 's ll , ' ‘ ' ’
'l‘ The Ace TrUCklng CO" Joan Baez' Rhlnoceros' have your VlOWS heard! served with Vrcgcii‘llilc iiriiil lludlidiiiirIl’ollflth l’i'lillniI lililis  Wcslcrn lii-cl' . . . . . fill .95 and Mushroom Snug: ill“ “2:221 llm:llllriotn:l:::l‘|pllgfﬂ ‘l’lloggh -
5 Ron Carey Tull Kupferberg Sha-Na—Na. Allen in} . . ‘Zk ‘ ‘ ' - . .w-smmnontvm 43 ~ I tin-Mm E
i, l l P ‘ M     The ASP '5 your n‘ad'um $81M) survu voiirsall from our unllmned salad bar $3.76 I OTHER Sl E OF IODAV. 13% Jay Sl. ass-swag
gg Glnsberg. Leonard Cohen. Malcolm X. 9 9r ax 1 ﬁrm do so, at; m...  ......... 3...“...   5...... m... t in”... : gagging:liagsggwgggfgngg,
1:: Tower East Cinema 457-8583 BRING COLUM ‘ "" I ‘ ' m“ ' i -
.. ‘ N _ mus do not lllLllldL . . , _ TICKETS on sale from T sad
l‘oli. iii-2i: 'l‘huru. at a PM hi to a; maybe we can  *ccazs 0R SEES T072, For Reservations call I is] soda-mum MondaV'Fr'daV' 5'30 8 pm in m- CAMPUS camera.“ 'v o"
 Fri. and Sat. at 7:1“) Ki l0 I'M ln LC '1 Sun. at it in LC 7 ' THE 457-4833  l I ‘ d Saturday: 5:30—9:30 pm BUSES '“" "0m All-WW 3"" ‘0
{ Al/Inis'si'mi: ii I. 00 or 3.50 will: Sta/c Quad ('iml *CO L UMNS EDITOR- w“ ‘ “Ml u" Pal“? “a but '0' man“ mm

 

 

 

 

 

2 aaaaaaaaaa , , - I » "“ ” 'v -

 

 

