 

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 12 

 

FIRST '1’!) LIKE To THANK ALL You 'CONCERNED,
STUDENTS WHO CAME To THIS {Eff/ON 0f -'
JUDICIAL WORK$HOP. AND NOW:

 

 

Workshop
The Sum Focus

A n ASP Column
by John Fairhall

Ken Kurzweil rightfully calledI
the Judicial Workshop :1 success.
Much was discussed and pros-
pects for an effective judicial
system appear good.

But let‘s highlight, for a mo-
ment, those who made the
Workshop a success. It was mo-
tivated by students, people such
as Ken Kurzweil, Ken Blaisdell,
Alan Ceppos, Barry Kirschner,
Michele Mazepa, Mario Arthur
and Sharon Stiller (with apolo-
gies to any unmentioned). Many
of those cited are members of
campus judicial bodies and it
was they who knew ﬁrst-hand
the defects in our current judi~
cial setup. Let's extend to them
our congratulations, then.

But please, please, do not call
the Workshop a student success.
For as so often seems the case
at Albany State, student action
is not collective but the result
of a few. The Workshop was
publicized and quite open, but
as usual, no one came but the
regulars. For those ignorant,
“the regulars” refers to that
tiny group that is already in-
volved in student government.
The regulars had more than

themselves to talk to, though, as
the Workshop was attended by
a veritable Who's Who of the
Administration. Chesiii, Coti-
nally, Brown, Williams, Thorne,
and even John Henighan partici-
pated. President Benech him-
self addressed one meeting. So
at least “They " came.

Judging from the caliber of
the people involved, then. I do
not feel that the Workshop‘s
representation—or its mandate
to act for all of us— can be
questioned. This problem was
raised during the weekend, how-
ever, due to the under-
representation of “rankAand-
file" students and, most import-
ant, of minority group students.
Why they weren't there is a
moot question, but I do know
that the judicial system that
develops will affect them.

I won’t indulge in any diatribe
on student apathy. But I do
believe that, when future “stu-
dent" actions develop and are
discussed, the names of those
students really involved should
be made clear. This should not,
Jnfortunately, involve more
than a few extra lines.

 

 

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
IBM Seleclric Typewriter
Experienced in all types 0/
Doctoral Diuerlaliom
Fast, Dependable Service
Reasonable Rates
I 46241283 Day or Evml

 

 

* JUDICIAL ‘
WORKSHOP

by John Fairhall

   
  

HERE ‘ COME DE 70065!

Hacking your way through a jungle may not sound like fun;
but that is exactly what the Judicial Workshop did this p'ast

 

weekend.

' Participating Faculty, students, and administrators struggled
to define the “jungle” of relationships that constitute our
UniVersity community. Their goal was to provide a basis for
an effective judicial system at Albany State.

The compelling need for something better than our present
system is evidenced by the rapid increase of crime on campus.
The system as it stands does not clearly state several
guidelines, including:

1) who may report a crime;

2) to whom a crime should be reported (i.e., a particular
judicial body or person); '

 

3) where, once reported, a case should be heard; and
4) upon conviction, what punishment should follow, with
what particular avenues of appea .

 

Several members of the workshop felt that victims of crimes
are often intimidated into silence, and attributed this to a
lack of faith in the system. The frequent lack of prompt
   0 action in handling crimes was also cited as encouraging

students to remain silent or bypass the campus system in

favor of the civil courts.

by Dick mysmne Workshop members reached general agreement as to the
Associawd prom, WM“. jurisdiction of a campus system. It was felt that our

community has a right to set standards for and judge the ~

On some police forces, 64 year-old Jim Eisenbcrg would be buhﬂvwr or "'8 members' Changing“ was “0" "3”th “5 m ' i
called an anachronism. He doesn't like wearing a gun and would .Whm' pegple and what #05,”?th f'ru" muke up our commun'
rather walk than ride a patrol car. 'l'y‘ bl” 'L was “gn’ed m?“ “ Jud‘c‘f” Sit-“mm ShOUId deal With
On some police forces, 25‘year-old Jim Davis would be called a it: "mus that are or commun'ty '"terest‘" JuriSdICUO"
radical. He enjoys talking with young rebels on his beat, and he 7.3.?” cand to pmblemg that 0”"? between mfmibem or
keeps saying policemen should explain to people why they do H "em campus gmups: Students. "mum" “dmmlsmltm's

and sta ff.
Other areas of agreement were: ,
—the need to use civil courts as little as possible 
—the need fora community code of conduct
—thc need to avoid duplication of the civil court system on

what they do.

In fact, both Sgt. James P. Eiscnberg and Officer James W. Davis
combined something of the anachronistic and something of the
radical. They are campus cops — Eisenberg a 35-year veteran at
Cornell and Davis a two-year man at Berkeley, They have learned

 

, , , _ . Cllmplhs'

to wear their ambigmties as eaSIly as their uniforms. ' - ~ ‘

Like their colleagues at colleges and universities across the “udlzlttngliﬁ or the campusdudrlcmll system to how heﬂrmgi‘ ""
country, Davis and Eisenberg are both campus guides and ' Th‘ . C‘ms‘llwady Demimg'" C'V‘Icuurt 
professional crime fighters, both friends to thiI students and mm: 'Tpﬁjn’umdy’f’rlk or 13‘" W”rk-"I‘0P W115 its fun explor- I
s mbols of authorit where authorit is often heated. ‘ 0 e 1" '0'“ Pm 0’“ 0" campus" LiVL‘l di'ilo 1ue {
y“ was not mqu 10' y quuct‘d £15 nizmy innovative suggestions as there vii/ere poihls

“It was like heaven to start out with,“ says Eiseiiherg, recalling 0“: V'ow' cermm Idensseumed. m Fun-“WNW CI‘UP up. though:
when as Cornell's only campus cop he patrolled on foot or h‘li " “mp,” grim" Jury be “‘SL'WWI. lhﬂl 11 full-time legal
horseback, f‘dV’Su'r beﬁ‘f‘id. and “Nil Sl‘Cllrily deal mainly with crimes

"They were just a good bunch of mischievous kids, but they llixnlvlziin‘zlcsl'zm- "0L Pri’ﬁez‘lyl'dilmﬂge crime-a.
were never trouble. It was fun. .. ‘,,i I 0 “grey “ “0 ml“ or the Cl‘mpus I‘Pﬁilcu

“Oh, you might meet a guy peeking in ii window, or some of :gfgrebrlffds “L “a: dclmmun'. irluwivw} there was consider
them would throw toilet paper out of the dorm windows.,.a little Debqw d! L “s 0 l 0 type or “wesngmwe service reqmwd'

- ' ~ » u I i i' ‘ - ~ -
bit of thichry and some noise calls. Sometimes one 01 them bodies “gsldcilfumdﬁn the puw'flr that cumpus JUd‘C‘M
would have one too many and I'd take him home or call sumcof em 0 ‘ ‘d in“ Wu" "1""3’ ree'mtl “‘1” “10‘ SIIOUId be
his fraternity brmhem. P WCTL to summon any person necessary In hear a

particular case.
‘
Student-conduct records were discussed, one suggestion

being that they not be used in judging guilt but rather in

determining the sentences of convicted offenders.

"I was issued ii Weapon, btit I never carried it. I still won‘t unless
it‘s absolutely necessary."

In the old days when things got out of hand, Eisenbcrg drew on
his experience as a civilian Conservation Corps boxing coach, Much remuins l l _ d‘ ,I_I , ,
When the dust had settled, “the next minute you were back Work of the Ste Pl); LC". “ "pon' and thls iv!“ be the
buddies again and having a few beers logcthcr." Kurzwcil will”. try?” onlillce: wmkslwp Chmrmm Kc”

Davis never know such days. He carries a pistol and a can of ,his do” "10‘, brﬁlLIITClTh"(nfh.d “ii-C95" and “my wfwe' in”
chemical Mace on his daytime patrol of Berkeley ‘s Sproiil Plaza, (sum! ill.” c  L.“ H'hpmiblhlmy that the Swermi‘i
which has witnessed its share of tear gas and flying rocks. I m u must mum“le I" Upcumm” weeks'

, The committee ~- ' '~ . . - -
The weapons come up often In the conversations with young numhmh About “wipe” perimm' "‘Cludm“

. . , . . students f'ieult ‘ t ' '- - .. .. ~ , .
people that lll‘l' a major part ol Dav1s' Job. Where Elsi-nberi: oner- pr,)u,.,”n'd;vul y' Tnd ‘lldimmblmm'h' Kun‘wu'l hope“ 10509“
. i . () ' ,' I ' I i ' ‘ .
could employ a brotherly right hook, DiiVIs has to exercise ‘ p” “m ‘ m mm“ mun“ [mplcmvmmi hm‘m'

' he Iruduadesi Ju -
diplomacy. la n “L.

"They've got lo understand that why I'm there is not lo harass
“mm b‘” l0 d“ 11 job," Davis explains. “Fl L‘rt'CkN‘II. but seeks additional conimi-nl from all corners
i) H! c  ' ‘ . . - -
The Berkeley campus recorded one rape, l2 robberies, l | ‘2. ,mhmillpdTIT]? Any.“mlufm‘lmm "I"! “plum” 6"" h"
t . r . ~ i e co m . - » ~ .. ~
burglaries and 1,114 thefts in 1970  despite a ll! per cent drop m l H [ “Hugh Knu‘wo'l'

, ,
I‘hi- ionimitti-c has ii greal deal to work willi because of this

in crimes. Its H7 sworn officers are about double the force i r

of three years ago.

 

 

 

Dry Monnting Service

 

      
   
  
  

[fringing You [be [for] ('()A”l‘l§llll’()lhl Ii’ 1’

  
    
      

Campus Center

I‘ll/S/(ll...li‘lI/(‘I'fflflllllt'll/,..[).'I.’V(Vli'\’y(;.l .... ..

The RICE PADDY

43 FULLER ROAD $1.50 ADMISSION

PHOTOS, SERIGRAPHS,
llTHOGRAPHS, POSTERS, ETC.

Expertly llry Mounted

3 DAY SERVICE~LOW HATES

  
    
  
    
  
 

"'"PR hZS'Iz‘N'I'ING'"

“7a SNAKE”

    
    

Contact: K. Blalsdell or D. Riley
457-7697

*Proofonge
In Campus Center 361

Required on ALL Admissions

 

 

 

 

 

     
     
 
 
      
  
 
  

     
  
   
     
        

 
  

 
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
    
 

       
   
   

FIVE CENTS off campus

 Albany Student?

Wednesday. February l7, l97|

Housing Picture

Improves

by Jean L. Zuckerman

For the first time at Albany
State, the number of students in
the freshman class will not have to
be limited because of a lack of
housing space. According to a
letter from the Housing Office
that is being sent to the incoming
class of ‘75, "we are expecting to
open a new residence quadrangle
on our uptown campus and with
other vacancies, should not exper-
icnce difficulty in accomodating
any undergraduate student desir-
ing to live on campus."

As ofJanuary 29, the Processing
Center had received 11,631 appli-
cations for admission in Septem-
ber 1971. According to Rodney
l-Iart, the new Director of Admis-
sions, 2100 new students are ex-
pected to be admitted. 1200 will
be freshman, 300 will be EOP
students, and 900 will be trans-
fcrs. Since freshmen are no longer
required to live in University hou-
sing, not all of these students are
expected to apply for dormitory
rooms. With the 1100 new beds
that will be available with the
completion of Indian Quad, space
can be provided for 1600 new
on-campus students.

Twenty-four hundred new stu-
dents will bring the Albany stu-
dent body to 13,000. The campus
was originally designed to accom-
modate 10,000 students, and the
question is not whether there will
be enough living space, but how
much further the faculty iind aca-
demic facilities can be stretched.

Registration
Apathy?

BUFFALO AI’ Erie County
election officials said Tuesday
they're disappointed tlial so few
18 to 2(l'y(‘lll"t)I(IS have registered
to vote.

They said that of the 150,000 in
that age bracket in the county,
only 11,000 have registered so for.

Election Commissioners James
R. Luwley and Edward J. Mii-
hoiiuy said in ii statement:

"Quite frankly, we in the Board
of IFIII'UtIUIIS havu been dis-
appoi ilcil til the luck of interest
on the part of 18, It) and
20-yciir-Ulds" lii register.

"Many reasons luch been sug-
gested for this apathy," they said,
“but Wl‘ feel that for IIH‘ most
part the young people are dis-
enchanted becnuse of the fact that
the U.S. Supreme Courl's decision
does not allow lhi-ni to vote until
1072, which will be IIlt' first
federal election."

The Supreme Court approved
the lower voting age for federal
elections, but left it to each state
to fix the minimum age limit for
state and local elections.

In New York, voters will be
aiikcd this fall whether they want
to approve a constitutional
amendment grunting ld-year-olds
the right to vote in state and local
elections.

 

State University of New York at Albany

 

at SUNYA.

  

 

Vol. [VII No.l0

Senate Awaits

Budget Decision

by Peter J. Coughlin

President Benezet reported to
the University Senate on Monday
that he is still “sweating it out" as
he waits to hear of the legisla-
ture‘s decision on the budget.

Rodney Hart. Director of Ad-
missions, delivered a report on the
undergraduate admission situation
in which he pointed to an increase
in freshman applications for 1970.
He said that only a small number
of acceptance and rejection
notices have been sent out, and
that the rest will be sent after
they receive the complete results
of the Regents Scholarship Exam.

Reporting on the SUNY Senate
meeting in Buffalo, Joseph
Norton told of a proposal for
“roving students." Under this
program students would take
courses throughout the SUNY
system. Also discussed there was a
proposal concerning state wide
governance by students, faculty,
and administration.

An issue that provoked contro—
versy centered around the rejec-
tion of transfer credit for ROTC
courses. Senator Kendall, ex
pressing particular concern, tried
to bring to the fore more com-
plete details and finally seconded
I motion to hold discussion on
the issue at the next Senate meet-
ing.

The Graduate Academic Council
reported that the recommended
Ph.D. programs in Library Science
and Anthropology have been
approvedHcffcclch Julie 15,
1971. It was also noted that pre-
law advisement is given on cumpus
by Robert Gibson. despite an
earlier statement that there was
no such service available.

Discussion was varied concern-
ing a proposed “Outstanding
Teacher's Award.“ The proposal
provided for ii stipend of $2,000
each for the selected teachers. The
award was labeled as a necessary
incentive by one Senator, while
others questioned its claimed
effectivoness. Certain specific ob-
jections were raised including:
selection of committee members
who were nominated would be
entitled to choose their own suc-
cessor; the award could be given
to the same individual for two
consecutive years; and no specific
qualifications for nominees were
liltcd. The bill was sent back to
the committee to be rewritten.

The meeting ended with an
expression of sympathy con-
cerning the death of Robert
Fairbanks, a late member of the
Graduate School of Publlc Affalrs

“Huh... . . . . Hun-nun..-

   

