   
  

  
     

   

 

.. ARM/ﬂue (mm- «as... ._ .c. .u A». A.~M~»W.M

 

 

 

 

PAGE 12

Last Chance:

 

"Impuls- 'I An Cwlciu. Ill
'Wlthlul l lllilh.‘ "

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5,1971

Archeologists StudyingFt. Orange

by Mike Ellis

When Henrerick Adriessen Van Doesburgh moved into his home in
the southeast corner of Fort Orange in 1624, he probably didn’t think
much of the place. wast with the Indian braves eyeing his daughters,
yearly floods and no place to go weekends (except church—by law) it
was probably kind of a tedious life.

But he made enough trading with the Indians to move and rent out
his home. He also had a hand in real estate. Mr. Doesburgh's red brick
(from a local kiln) house was an earthen-floored, narrow-windowed
affair with walls under twelve feet (if he obeyed the building code).

If someone cares to see the ruins of his house, he can— until about
March lst anyway.

The New York State Historic Trust (Division of Parks iind
Recreation) is presently sponsoring a dig of the historic ruins before
an entrance ramp to the new Dunn Memorial Bridge covers the fort.

While much work is done on pro-historic sites (an erroneous term
used to describe pro-European settlement America) the dig in Albany
is thought by Project Director Paul Huey to be the oldest documented
excavation in the Northeast. The original deeds (or copies) of the
dealings of the Dutch East lndia Company and the settlers are still
around, showing who lived where.

In 1624, eighteen Walloon families, from what is now Smith
Belgium, established a colony for the Dutch East liidia Company, and
built Fort Orange. 'l‘hus Albany is the oldest continuous scltlenicnt of
colonial America.

Fort Orange was roughly i~l0x12ti feet, according to a 1766 surch
of the then-abandoned ruins. The walls of the fort. were about 15 fact
high with gun turrets with two swivel cannon in the corners.

Outside was a moat that bordered at least one side of the fort. 'l‘bc
east face of the fort (now under a railroad embankment) faced a much
closer and wider Hudson River. (in 1833 thc widc river was partially
filled in on the west bank and the railroad tracks laid bchvccn the

ruins of the fort and the now narrower Hudson.)

Project director Huey taking dirt sample to check when common
ﬂoor level is thought reached. Van Doesliurgli's house is to his right.

 

 

 

 

 

.,...

l
1' I
l. I,l
II A.
I' ii
.i ,,
III ,i
II I.
.i '
JI

i

     

“ANION AVE.

 

 

L—‘—ii

roar
ALsAur. u. v

AS OF JAN. IO, II'II.

 

ARCKEOLDINCAL lNYERFNEI’ATlO D
ORANGE Girl, N F "l:

BROADWAY

 

FEET
0 ID 20 W

 

 

This shows the arclicologist's interpretation of the structure to the extent of their dig. The right
corner of the diagram shows the section presently worked on.

 

YOUR NEW
Film Processing
CENTER
70? QUALITY COLOR
and BLACK ti wane,
Ask about 25%
processing discounts.
FAST scnvrcc
LOW PRICES
IN THE MtNI MALL I MOHAWK MALL iv
A Dir. at aural Photography. Inc.

 

-» BACKS AG!
- Intel "1" —

 

   
  

This enclo:
about .

The Dutch lost the fort to thc l‘lnglish iii Itiii-l and it was abandoned
about H575. A higher ('ll'Villllill l'oi'tit ‘. lt‘orl Frederick, was litiilt on
what is now State St. near St. l’eter's Church.

So far the archeologists have found the remains of three houses
within the fort. Besides Van Docsburgh's on thc south wall, they have
uncovered his neighbors, Jan Van 'l‘willcr iiud Evert Pelsoii on the east
face. ’l‘hcse ruins are presently not worked onus thc alluvial level (the
original lchl) has been reached.

The work is complicated by several factors. Besides a tight budget, ll
small crew, winter weather and an early deadline, the various renewal
projects and foundations made in the area have disturbed the original
remains.

The area where the fort stood is now Broadway. With its position
chrlooking the Hudson (originally called the river of the mountains)
it had l| strategic value.

Albany was the trading center of North America until the early
li‘llltl's. lndians came from as far as Lake Michigan to trade their pelts
for the white man's goods. This widespread early tradc make the
Iroquois Confederation thc most powerful group of lndians in the
cast, as they controlled the Mohawk ltivcr in the early llllit'ﬁ.

Their presence is evidenced in llic artifacts found by the
nrchcologists, 'l‘hcse include lradc heads, clay pipes, gun Hints and
some parts of llcllarininc jugs from (‘n-rmaiiy. t’l‘lii-y Wl'l‘l‘ named for
an ililil‘l’i'tﬂt'slttlil Cardinal as an insult.)

'l‘hi- dig cxisls‘, thanks to llll‘ cooperation of thc Dcpiirtiiii-nl of
'l'raiisportatioii amt the bridge contractors who have postponed work
in that area until tlic last possible day.

 

 

   

d heated structure is where the work goes on. The site is

2 miles south on llroadway of the bits terminal downtown.

 

 

TELETHON ’71
Want to Work?

f; -Selllng donuts and coffee
fir -Collectlng money
-Answerlng phone:
call

Gull—45745296 DOPuUII-‘lB7-‘l723

 

 

 

 

 

 

lélVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Vol. l.Vlll No.6

State University of New York at Albany

Monday.

 

February 8, l97l

 

Coole Interview

 

 

Bookstore to Run At Deficit Again

by Jeffrey P. Bernstein

The campus bookstore last year ran at a deficit of $71,000, Another
loss is anticipated this year. Why‘.’

in an interview, Robert Cooley, Executive Director of FSA, cited
over-ordering of books by professors, the 5"} discount for students on
i'cquircd textbooks and llii‘ lack of space in the bookstore as
accounting for the bulk of the loss.

According to Cooley, faculty cslimatcs of required textbooks were
much too high. The vast over-ordering necessitated shipping books back
to the manufacturers thus inducing cxtra labor and freight costs of
approximatcly $45,000.

thn questioan as to the feasibility of retaining the books to sail
another sciiicstcr, (‘oolcy i'cplicd lliiil professors are constantly
changing required readings and that thcrc is littlc space to store thc
extra books anyway. [\hkt'tl about tlic possibilitics of selling thcm to
other universities so that they could absorb llil' extra costs of shipping
aiiil handling. (looIi-y indicated that we haVc been doing this on a
limilcd basis with Syracuse University. liiit it is very difficult to
dispose of Hit“ book». In thisiiiaiiiicr as most over-orderinghasbeen
i'oinplcti-il by other schools and llli‘ti‘ i'i-quiri-d lists (lll lcr.

'l'lii- bookstore uoiv plans to go to each department individually in
tiii til|i>liipl it) arrch iii a i'liiscr csilliitili'

.‘\.\ insignificant as some stuili-nts may consider llil' 5’: discount on
ri-quircd ti-xls, its t‘llilllliilllilli may bc l'oi'tliciiniuig. t'oolcy is
.iilaiiiaiiily opposi-il to ihc discount in light of tlic prcsciit financial
‘ililll' til llii- liiiiiltsliirin llc i-spliiilis that IiiIiilt [)I'lt‘t'~ .iri- itisl lilt) low
to cnici i-iisis .Illtl are contributing to :i substantial loss

'l'lic inosl disconcerting problem. and an indirect came of lilt'
liiiiilvsliiic's \\lN'\, is lhi‘ actitc lack «if spacc. ('tiiili-i piniits tllll llizit
i'.iiiipiis lltlt|l\\ltl|'t'.\ throughout lllt' country avi-ragi- .i lillll‘ tl\'t‘l' tivo
\tlllill'l‘ l'i-i-i pci' \llltlt'iil 'l'lii- Hl‘NYA liiuiltstiiri- contains spacc fi I' li~ss
than six tenths of .i square foot per studciit. 'l'liis lil‘i‘l‘llltlt'\ lllt'
purchasing from iiianufacturi-i's of items in large quaiililii-s which
would gi'ciilly ri-iliici- costs illlil thus, substantially iiii'ri-asi- llit'tllllt'
l'iidi-r prcsciii conditions tlii-rc simply is no space to \ltil'l' largo
quantities of sundry items such as drugs and cosmetics.

'l‘hc liotiksliirc is being priiniiscil 155,000 sqttiirc fccl iii llic basement
of the West l’odiuni. llowcvcr, construction is first to l)t' begun soini-
time in April and its completion is, at best, si'vcral years off.

(foolcy did say that lr‘SA is seriously considering moving llll'
bookstore. it is looking at stores on llll‘ orilcr of 25,000 square feet
situated on the outsltirts of the campus on Western and Washington
Avenues. Such a inch would require llil‘ approval of llll‘ Board of
Directors of FSA.

To help alleviate llic prcscnl spacc shortage, l"SA has purchased two
trailers in which to store hooks. 'l‘hcy should appcar on campus within
the next week.

The University liookslorc will 'probably run at a dcficil again this
officials and the astonishment o

 

 

..rlc young

', much to the dismay of FS/i

most students. According to FSA ‘xcctive Director Robert Cooley,

over-ordering ot books, the 5% textbook discount for \tiidcnts, and the lack of space in the bookstore are

rcspoiiisblc lor most of the loss.

 

The University seeks ct another answer to the etemsl uestion of
arklng on campus wlti new regulations path on Thu ay by the
bnlvemlty Couaci .

...pauari'ni

Council Announces

New Parking Rules

“The act of parking or driving a motor Vt'llll‘ll' on
campus is a privilege and constitutes i ptaiici- by
llll' owner and/or operator to saw lltat his vehicle is
neither parlictl or iipcriili-il in ‘vmlatioii' of thcsc
i'i-giilalioiis or any applicable traffic regulation of
tlic Slati- ol‘ Ncw York."

With this philosophy stair-d, new parking and
traffic regulations for llic University were approvod
on 'I'hurstlay by University (‘iiuiiciL i-ffci'tivc iiiuiic
diali-ly. 'l'lii- rulcs \Vt'l'l' developed by the Security
Office at lllt' urging ol' the University Senate. They
apply to all motor vehicles used on property iiivncti
or li-asi-il by the University. \vlii-tlicr llll' operators
of llicsc vehicles are faculty, students, stuff, or
Visitors,

 

Vines for violations of the regulations ari- llil for
the first violation, $2 for the second violation, and
$3 for the third and subsequent violations. Appeals
may he made to the Parking Appeals Committee

Fines are payable within ZlO calendar days from
the diitc ol' the infraction or from the date of ii
rcjcclioii of an appcal.l“iiilure to pay the fine may
result in revocation of parking privileges, and
vehicles will be subject to being towed from
SUNYA properly iit the expense of the owner or
driver.

Drivers who currently biivu fines outstanding will
be notified and given 30 days to pay them.

Shuttle buses will be operating on ten minute
schedules around Perimeter liond to relieve the
congestion in parking lots around the podium and
quads and to iillnw greater utilization of the lots by
the Physical Education building and along Porlmotor
Road.

   
  

,_u .4»; zest—tug. ‘ ‘

          
   

   
    
 
  
   
   
   
   
     
   
  
   
 
       
  
    
   
  
       
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
    
  
   
  
     
    
    
   
   
   
 
 
 

F.......

 
 
   
     
    
      
     
    
     
    
     
         
        

