 

.\ t 4‘4,— -..‘--.A-. .h..- ._.

    

.. 1...“- an .wwA-«wgrawna
«—~.-~. ~ .~ '

«MAVmQNmK \/« ,s. ‘

 

 

v

in i bl in; in in II in in u ill us
in El L311! 1- ti uf: u n u a

miahahﬂﬁﬂﬂoa

The city has two main public housing projects.
They are the Morton Ave. project near Lincoln Park
and the Thatcher project closer to the river.
Residents experience the problems common to
many housing projects: crime and inefﬁcient ser~
vice. A third project planned for below the Mall was
cancelled due to costs.

 

in I965 plans were first made for a new Albany High to be completed by I969. Today
the piling are in the ground and the last scheduled date of completion given was
September, I973. Because of the extraordinarily high projected costs (which are not
feasible due to the limits of the city‘s borrowing power) the entire project is under
study. There is some doubt as to how large a school is needed. This results from the
preurious ﬁnancial position of the city Catholics high schools.

 

"a

buildings were air-cleaned during the 60’s which gently spruced up the area.

ALBANY STUDENTPW

The Capitol and Education Building. New space for expansion of both facilities are in the Mall. Both

WEDNESDAY, FEB

 

Albany has many very nice sections of private one-family homes. Low taxes and
generally high employment are drawing factors to the city. The population has been
stable for about 50 years but may grow soon if the Pine Bush area (by Washington Ave.

Extension) is developed.

CITY OF ALBANY

words by mike ellis
photos by jay rosenberg

 

The state ofﬁce campus was built to house the state offices in the
early l960‘s. it has turned out to be only Phase I of Rockefeller‘s
local building program. shadowed by the upcoming Mall. The state
government is the largest area employer. providing a solid. ever-
expnnding base to the job situation.

  

ARY 17, 1971

 

 

Many people have moved back to the are"

buildings are over a century old.

 

association has been formed to he?!) “I‘ “W “‘3 Private homes rather titan apartments. Man)’ Of ll”

   

lALBANY STUDENT PRES

    

Dan O'Connell. the Albany County Democratic Chairman. was a minor World War I
hero who, along with his brothers. took control of Albany during the l920's. It is a
common assumption that he calls all the shots in the city. which usually votes over 2-l
demOCrat for all levels of government. This is his winter home on Whitehall Road.

0.

hits ‘
nu ..

-.3\
mm
‘

|
L
ff.

 

Washington Park was once the tranquil heart of the upper city of
Albany. There were outdoor concerts in the summer, Sunday strolls
and fishing and boating in the lake.

Today the park is used by older people in the vicinity, the large
youp of college students living nearby, and some school children. But
family use is very small, as most young families who can afford to,

leave Albany.

' n the Capitol and Washington Park. A neighborhood sme 8'“

 

   

et la the heart of the city. It is now most y devoted to banking. inninnu.
law and business ofﬁces. The adjacent shopping district is holding on in hopes of
prosperity when the thousands of State Mall workers come.

'A PAGE 7 7

I—-"
i

i i. ii . 
i (W '

The South Mall is the largest construction project in the world (and
the most expensive!) Govemor Rockefeller arrived at the idea while
entertaining a foreign dignitary in Albany when the comments were
made on the dilapidated condition of much of the city. When
completed in 1975 (eight years late). it will doubtlessly be among the
more impressive sights in the country.

  

new" 1%an * ' "

ms

 

