 

   

t ,

L V ' ' .r one nor AS campus WORKERS
’52 Mfg so FREE To not AND no wrrn
rile srupsrrrs. m‘ A Praetorian. or contest, It- You
want To KEEP vault ,T as ,

      
 
    
     

   

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

Kick-in-Ihe-ASP

wants you!

 

(your advertising, that is)

This annual farce will be published on May lst and
we’d like you to advertise in it.

The nature of this paper is satirical and we'd like
the ads to have a humorous tone.

Ads for this issue are limited to on-campus groups
or individuals. The rate, for this issue only, will
be $1.50 per column inch.

To submit ads or for more information, contact
Jeff or Dan in the ASP office, CC 334; or give

us a call at 457—2190.

 

 

  
   
 
 
     
   
  
 
   
  

OPEN MON. THRU SAT UNTIL 9:30 I ROUTE 5 AND THE NORTHWAY

  
 
  
   
   

  

 

. ALBANY swam rssss

 

by John A. Denney
_ SDS
An ASP Column

SUNYA bends over backwards in its attempts to appear as a
benevolent open-minded university. Very little restrictions are placed
on either the political or curricular areas, and school sponsored
volunteer social programs allow students to partake in social work
(with credit) beneficial to the under privileged people in the Albany
area.

The true nature of the university is quite detached from the image
which it creates. The university is a forum where racist and
anti-working class ideology is taught in almost every course. It is a
place where police go to receive advanced instruction on how to be
"professional", i.e. the best ways to infiltrate radical groups, foster
interracial strife, and in general, the most effective Ways to maintain
state power for the ruling class.

For the workers, the university doesn‘t even attempt a facade but
acts according to its true nature as a tool of the ruling class. The case
of Bill Krupka is but the latest example of the repression which
SUNYA administers to its workers. Because Bill did not treat his boss
like God, Bill is to be fired on April I, forced to join the growing
ranks in America‘s oldest tradtion, unemployed workers. It is the duty
of students to see the true nature of SUNYA and unite with the
struggle of the campus workers since harrassment is the order of the
day rather than the exception.

This task will not be easy by any means, for the university has
almost everything in its favor. In Bill’s case, he was forced to sign a
statement agreeing he was an unsatisfactory worker, only to find out
later that by doing so, he “legally” gave the university the right to fire
him. Neither will the university sit back and watch students and
workers fighting together without using all its resources in an attempt
to drive a wedge between the two groups. To insure Bill's job, and
eventually that of all workers at SUNYA, students must actively
struggle to expose the university, and through mass action demand
that Bill not be fired and all harrassment of campus workers end.

Don'l firt- Bill Krupka.

 

 

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1971

“Workers of the 'World....”

 

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1971

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT rasss

Father Murphy Back from Paris:

 

“U.S. Prolonging Vietnam War”

by 1. Stephen Flavin

“It gets me in the gut. I can no longer take this
kind of ncaIIomnas of this racist policy in Vietnam as
part of America. The war is not ending just because
Americans are not dying.”

“For most Americans, the war is marginal. The
war doesn't mean as much to them as what they eat
for breakfast or what they watch on television." To
Father James Murphy and Ken Edlund, after meet-
ing with principals of the Paris Peace Talks and
representatives of various church and student groups
from Asia, the Vietnam war is a personal concern.

“I can understand why Father Berrigan took the
position he did after returning from Vietnam,"
Father Murphy continued. “The issue is so clear. We
are in the wrong!"

Ken Edlund, who represents the Capital Area
Peace Center, said, “The American public has been
told that through Vietnamization, the war will end.
Vietnamization is only changing the color of the
trigger finger. Our presence will continue through
American men, American arms, and American
money. We will still be causing civilian casualties
and prolonging the war."

“Most Americans have never heard the other side.
We listened to the North Vietnamese. The issue in
America is to get out. Everybody wants us out
except the Saigon Government. How can we get out
by invading two other countries? I think most
Americans are looking for an end of this war!"

The Vietnamese are very nationalistic. “They
don’t want foreign intervention,“ Father Murphy
summarized. “I don‘t think we've gotten the whole
story of the war. The only impression we got," after
the week long conference in Paris, “was Americans
weren't wanted in Vietnam."

“The Buddhists and Catholics don't always agree
and neither always agrees with the NLF; but, all
agree Americans must get out. We found more
hostility to Americans than to the North Vietnam-

ese or the Viet Cong." _ .

Who represents the Vietnamese? Father Murphy
claims the Paris Peace Talks are stalled over this
issue. “Each side says the other side is irrational.
Saigon claims legitimacy. The North Vietnamese say
the Saigon Government is nothing but an extension
of the US. There can be no cease fire until the
Americans leave. A cease firc means the continua-
tion of the American pressure and that is what the
war is about!" Father Murphy quoted a member of
the American delegation to the Paris Peace Talks as
saying, “If you think this is a civil war, you‘ll never
understand the U.S. position."

While the Paris Peace Talks and the war they hope
to resolve drag on, the fate of the prisoners of war
haunts the American public. Hanoi claims the
American prisoners of war are war criminals. De-
spite this, Hanoi also claims the prisoners are being
well treated and “get better rations than North
Vietnamese citizens:

Hanoi has told Ambassador Bruce to set a date for
the withdrawal of U.S. forces, “then we will have a
cease fire, then we will release prisoners. If you
can't tell us this week, then come back next week."

Edlund urges, “We must change the course of this
country; if not, we are going to make such a vast
commitment we are not going to be able to take
care of ourselves.” Ordinary people are not gaining
anything from foreign policy. “You can easily see
the critical problems in our society."

Father Murphy challenges us to “grow out of the
idea of building an American Empire. Nothing we
can do short of dropping an atomic bomb will beat
these people or stop them from fighting us. We must
withdraw immediately."

“Our taxes pay for the war; our men fight the war.
Only through deep and continual protest of this war
by the American people will it end," declared
Father Murphy.

Edlund remarked, “We hear so much about
Vietnam, but learn so little."

Student Health Service Explains
Stand on Gynecological Services

In view of the questions being

referral agent to both Planned

guidelines established for pro-

 

acadcmic year (except during recesses) by tho Studan

in Campus Center 346 at 1400 Washington Avnnuo,
l2203. Subscription price is $9 per year or Sb par so

mailing permit pending, Ballston Spa, New York.

cdimr-in-r/zicj'

thomas g. clingan
managing cdilor executive udilo
........aralynnabare ~~j~
advertising manager "L’W-Y “1"”
.. . . . . . .jeffrodgers
business manager
. . . . . . . .chuck ribak
arm/an! business manager
 philmtll’k""’l‘
Icr'linu-u/ glimm- jcnlnritr ('illltlr
.sue seligson

. . . . . . . warren wishart ‘  '
advertising layout "m “1””,
....... ..tomrhodes
L’IIt'Il/(l/ftm manager
 . . . . . sue faulkner ~ ' '
graffiti/classified “mm "‘m‘”
. . . . .dorothy phillip - - '
graph,” ruliunns editor
. . . . . . . . jonguttman ‘ ~ ‘ '
photography editor ("I’J‘ 0‘1"" "

. . . . stevedeyoung

room 326 In the Campus Cont-r. (For bookings, call

limited to 300 notes and tr lubloct to butchering by Jimi
guitar. Dlg ltl

 

   

albany student press

The Albany Student Press is published three times per week during the

l Association ol the

State University of New York at Albany. The Sludonl Association is located

Albany, New York,
muster. Second rlusx

r
. carol liughcs

.vicki zcldin

lI.\‘.\'(rt'ldI(' news editors

.roy Icwis
. maida oringhcr
terry wolf

. debhie natansoha

, dun Williams L\'.\‘ru‘ld!(‘jl’tllllrt'x Edi/or

. john fairhall

linda waters

umu'ian' arlx editor

. 'michi‘le palclla
. robert laremha
. r.j. warm-r

.mikc ellih‘

0"“ Will" the clan of 1916 presents THE ASP, tha ln-Iound livalll from

457-2190 or 219‘”.

"my". ‘" “""cmlm 9'0"» held together somehow by mandatory nude"!
tnckl. THE ASP'I repertoire ls pornnnlally stolen from others. Material Is

Townsend, our lead

1 o Nuut: Beware the Ides of Marin

 

 

ruiscd concerning the auailabilily
of gynecological services through
the Student He'aflh Service, the
following statement is issued by
the Student Ht‘aflll Service in an
effort [0 clarify f’IOSL' services that
am- currently auailablc.

The State UniVersity of New
York at Albany provides through
the Student Health Service med<
cial treatment for all ill or injured
students. The Health Service was
ambushed to provide medical care
for enrolled students exclusively.
The medical staff does provide
emergency care and referral for
faculty, staff, and visitors, but
does not include general medical
services for non-students. In view
of increasing costs and budgetary
restrictions in the State of New
York, serious consideration is be-
ing given to a review of student
health serviCcs available on State
University campuses.

The Student Health Service cur-
rently provides free gynecological
examinations for any female stu-
dents. Staff physicians are avail-
able for treatment of routine
gynecological problems. In addi—
tion, a consulting gynecologist is
available for more serious prob
lems which require the attention
of a specialist. At the present
time, approximately three-
quarters of the gynecological
problems brought to the Student
Health Service are adequately
handled by staff physicians with‘
out necessitating a referral to the
gynecological specialist.

Among the questions that are
frequently referred to the Student
Health ServiceI are those relating
lo conception control. At the
present time, the Student Health
Services provides for students con-
ception control information
through educational programs and
literature, as well us through indi-
vidual contact with staff physi-
cians. Additionally, the Student
l-lenlth Service serves as a primary

Parenthood and the Family Plan-
ning Unit of the Albany Medical
Center, or to private specialists
when the student so desires. This
procedure is in keeping with State
University of New York policy
which suggests that students
should be referred to community
agencies when such agencies are
available for conception control,
counseling, and treatment. In view
of the number of physicians and
agencies in the capital district, the
establishment of a full-fledged
conception control clinic on
campus would not only represent
a duplication of services currently
available in the community, but
also a strain on limited resources
currently available for direct med-
ical care to all students.

In addition to conception con-
trol, counseling, and referral, the
medical staff provide abortion
counseling and referral for any
students. In view of the legal

viding medical care through the
Student Health Service, the Uni-
versity has no alternative but to
secure parental permission before
providing certain types of medical
treatment to students. This stipuA
Intion is common in medical prac-
tice and normally requires par—
ental permission for students
under the age of 21. In such
matters as conception con-
trol, abortion, and serious gyneco-
logical problems, the University
feels that it is both reasonable and
judicious to secure such parental
consent.

The Student Health Service at-
tempts to provide the best pos-
sible care for all students, in-
cluding gynecological services.
Considering the limitation of
funds available for student health,
as well as priorities for the expen-
diture of funds, it is our hope that
such services will continue to be
provided at the best possible level.

 

 

SSTop the SST.

Assemblyman
Andy Stein

has introduced a bill that would prevent the SST from
landing in New York airports. His bill already has 66
co—sponsors. It needs 10 more votes to pass.

Come and hear Assemblyman STEIN speak about why
the SST backers are afraid of his bill.

Tuesday night. March l6 at 7 PM in the
Page Hall Auditorium. down on the old campus.

—-Sponsored by New Democratic Coalition~

 

 

 

Anti-American demonstrators.

[AP Wirephoto]

Food Co-op Aids Consumer

by Howard Mahler

“The Food Co-op is a dynamic force toward developing community
spirit and community protection against capitalist oppression of the
consumer." Many such co-ops are now in existence throughout the
country.

A group of people in the Albany community found wholesalede
markups in retail stores as high as one hundred to three hundred
percent. In response they opened a Food Co-op four weeks ago at 111
Dove Street in order to end exploitation by local merchants.

The Food Co-op process is simple. Members of the co-op go to the
local wholesale markets on Tuesdays and purchase bulk quantities of
eggs, vegetables and fruits. They return to 111 Dove Street, the co-op
center, and fill orders requested by people in the community. The
produce is retailed at wholesale price. A twenty percent service charge
is attached to cover overhead costs such as rent (forty dollars per
month), electricity, heat, and paper bags. Profits are directed toward a
better and an expanded service.

Interested students and community members supervise the co-op.
Their services are available to everyone.

The center is open on Thursdays and Fridays from 3 p.m. to 8
p.m. and on Saturdays and Sundays from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m.

Anyone interested in participating is requested to go to the co—op
center and sign up.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
Campus Center
334

1400 Washington Ave.
Albany, N.Y. 12203
457-2190

CLASSIFIED AD FORM
Please place the following Classified

Ad in the
issue(s) ot the ASP.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Name

 

Address

 

Phone

 

Rate: $.05 per word

3 enclosed
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS APPEAR
ONLY IN FRIDAY ISSUES OF THE ASP.
Deposit in ASP Classified Box at
Campus Center Information Desk, or

mail to above address.

Ads must be received by Wednesday at
6 p.m. for the following Friday issue

 

 

 

