 

    
     
          
       
      
        
     
      
      
      
      
       
     
     
      
       
     
       
        
     
   
    
   
      

 

 

 

x. .w...’ .. \AIN’W'~LWWW~4

PAGE 2 

Hate the Health Service? Come
with complaints to the Grievance
Committee meeting, today at 4:15
In CC 346. If you can't make it, call
in your complaint to Jen at
439-9655 or Th at 472-8617.

Whipped cream and other
dellghts~the ons of the sensuous
woman— coming soon in the AI-
bany Student Presslllll

Cathexis sponsors Mrs. Edith E.
DIGIviIo speaking on the topic of
Graphoanaiysls (handwriting analy-
sis) Wed., Feb. (0 at 8:00 pm. In
LC 1. Bring paper and pen) Anyone
interested In working with Cathexls
may call Lin Kotowlcz at 7-3296.

 

There will be a meeting of Pi
Omega Pi, Eta Beta chapter, on
Thursday. Feb.4 at 3:30 p.m. In
BASIO.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

graffiti

 

 

 

 

this: 72-846.

badge number.

workers named the :41qu DNA

Miller High Life Beer?

Antl don't you forgot itl
N

 

 

WITH MAX SHULMAN
IBtht eulhur ri/ Rally Rriunrl iiIr Flay, Bum. . . balm lirilii rlr.|

Down Memory Lane Without a Paddle

Memory can L st be described as that function of the brain which
deserts you during an exam. Today, therefore, let us take up mnemon-
ics. or little tricks to aid the memory.

As you know of course, mnemonics is named after Mnemon, the
hero of possibly the loveliest of all the Greek myths. It tells how the
Athenian youth Mnemon fell in love with the wood nymph Ariadne,
and she with him. Indeed, so oblivious were these two to everything
except each other, that one year they forgot to attend the festivril of
Demeter, the goddess of bran. Well sir, naturally Demeter got pretty
wroth, and to make sure the lovers would never forget. again, she
changed Ariadne into a finger and Mnemon into a piece of string.

A lovely myth, as you can see, and as you know of course, it's
been the inspiration for dozens of richly romantic books, plays and
operas, including La Traviata, l)eersln[/cr anti 'l'hr: Jar/ii of Yiddish.

But I digress. Mnemonics, I say, are little tricks to aid the mem-
ory. For example, here's how I learned my Zip Code—72846. I broke
it into two smaller groups of digits, each with a special meaning. Like

See how easy it is now’.’ The first group of digits, 72, is, as you
know of course, the number of days in the gestation cycle of the larger
marsupials, like the oryx, the bushy iemur find the Toyota. Anti the
second group, 846, you will instantly recognize of course as Dick ’i‘raI-y's

 

But some people say that. inneInonics, useful tlioitgli they imiy
be, will soon be replaced by it far better memory nitl, III fact, any they,
we are on the verge of a fantastic new hrcnkthrougli. Recent experi—
ments have definitely proved that memory is carried in the brain ct ‘
by the sub-molecule culled RNA. 'i'licreforti, say they, as soon as sci-
encc learns how to synthesim- RNA, all we‘ll bare to do is swallow a
teaspoon of it and «presto! instant memory.

(incidentally, if you're Wondering what the initials RNA stand
for, I forgot. I do recall, however, what II.\':I stands for. \thn llll’
eminent biochemist Alfred J. Signfoos was isolating IINA lllli’lt‘ in
lilfill, he carried on experiments of such incredible delicacy you can
scarcely believe it. Why, do you know that lie was actually dissecting
tissues only a lrIllroiIl/I of an lllt'll tliirlt'.’ 'l‘hat's why his fellow lab
for "Iion'l Nudge Alfred")

llut I digress. Some people, I say, believe that at inner» will soon
decode RNA. lint others are doubtful. How can anybody lll't'titll' RNA.
they ask, when they can't l'\'('li figure out thtI lirowing formula of

 

It's true, you know. Miller High Life Is absolutely unique. No
competitor has ever been abh- io duplicate it. Uh sure, they‘ve tried.
In fact, they've been trying for [1.3 years. And that's how long they've
been falling because from the very beginning M illcr's brewing formula
has been a secret known to only one man on earth 7 Miller's chief
brcwmiisicr 7 anti he never tI-lls It to another soul until, on his death-
bed, he whispers it into the ear of his I'ltlt'Nl son.

Take. for example, the current chicf lirewininiler Ill Miller lligli
LifcwllI-inrlch Lockjaw tln- Xllih. A \‘t'l‘ItJlIlt' tomb is Heinrich the
Xllth. Believe me, he's been offered plenty to divulge the formula.
And I don't mean just money; I int-nu trr-nsurt-s for more precious
the Monti Lisa, the Eight Marbles, llclginin, the only existing skeleton
of Charlemagne asn boy, the original manuscript of 'l'hc .onsuf Yiddish.
But llcinrlt'lt the Xlllh just kcopri shaking his hI-iid, determined that
the secret of Miller lliglI Lilo slndl br- lth alone iniiil, with his liintl
breath, he whispers it into the ear of his eldest son llcinrich tho X I II lll
(or Gabby, as all his friends call him I.

But I digress. You want to know wlu-liIt-r science will ever III-code
RNA. Well air, I don't have Ilil‘ answer. lint this much I can tell you:
America dltl not become tho world's foremost producer of iIuniiIatt-d
prosthetics anti edible furniture by running itwny from a light!

it

We, I’ll! brothers of Miller High Life and the iipoririorii of this i'llllllll II,
It’lﬂfl (u rurtrnd hi you our unique and Illilllillllt'tlfiitl thanks fur your can-
lirtiu rig patronage. (flue, Heinrich Iiuuii hello.

Science Fiction Freaks: Sign the
SF magazine petition In Curt
Smith's office (Hu 374) If you want
Amazing. Analog, F & SF,
Fantastic, Galaxy, ll, Worlds of
Fantasy and Worlds of Tomorrow
sold In the bookstore.

.—

Classes in beginning folk guitar
will be held at the Albany YWCA
beginning February 8. The course
consists of 12 lessons and the
special half-price fee for university
students is $7.50. Transportation
can be arranged by calling Flicii at
457-4007.

 

All those returning to Albany
next year—the course on Draft
Counseling begins Tuesday night at
7 30 in the SA office in the Corn-
pus Center. For Information, call
front/1725096.

YSA FORUM-Second in a con-
tinuing surios--“Third~WorltI
Peoples and the War" by Ken
Sitil‘trn. Wed, Feb. 2 at 8 (IO p.in.
iii LC 2].

____-_—

I’OCO will puritirrn at Union Col-
lege on Saturday, Feb. )3 at 12
midnight In Memorial Chapel. Tick~
Hts are $3.00 for Union students In
advance, $3.50 for all others and at
the door. Call 3468686 for more
inlortiirition.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1971

Inc Acting Workshop ls beginning
again this semester for freshmen,
sophomores and other interested
students. The first meeting this
semester will be on Tuesday, Feb. 2
at 3:00. This may not be the
permanent meeting time. It will be
held in room 350 of the PAC.

Freshmen summer language pro-
gram participants (Germany) 1969,
1970, 1971 come to the Humani-
ties lounge (Hu 354) Feb. 10 at
8:30 for slides, discussion and re-
Ireshments.

Russell Sage College, in an effort to
provide study opportunities abroad,
will conduct an intensive study
seminar in the Soviet Union duruig
June. The Ionrrweek seminar will
focus on the similarities and differ
cnces between the United States
and Flussra and will offer 4 semester
hours credit to a minimum of 15
students (from any college).

Plans call for study tours of Mosv
cow, Leningrad, Kiev. Volgograd,
Minsk, Sochi, lnlorrnai classes, and
a final week of evaluation on Sage's
Troy campus.

Information about the Seminar,
and applications, are available from
the Office of Admisstons oi the
college in Troy,

__.__———

Science Fiction is Everything! AI
bany State Science Fiction Society
meets every Thursday at 7 30 p.rn.
In Humanities 128. (Bnng a Trib-
bio).

 

Gall-457-3296

TELETHON ’71
llant to florid

{3 -Selling donuts and coffee
72: -Collecting money
if? -Answering phones

call

Doreen—457- 4723

 

 

The Second Annual Inter-
collegiate Photography Exhibit will
be held at the State University
College at Coblesklll. The exhibit
will be during the month of April
and applications must be received
by February 15, 1971. For further
information contact Ed Miller,
518-234-5319 or Sue Murray
518-234-5644 or write: Second An-
nual Intercollegiate Photography
Exhibit, SUC Cobleskill,Cobloskill,
New York 12043.

Sigma Alpha Eta—Speech Path-
ology honorary—meeting will I",
held Feb. 11 in I-lU 354, 7.00 p.In.
business meeting. 7:30 guest speak
er and lilni——Mr. Pete Magom of tin-
Speech Pathology and Audio [Jo
pertinent will discuss ilu» films
which are about Touching Multiply
Handicapped Children. All .Iru we)
come. Helreslirnents will be si-toml,

.___.———
A discussion class "Judaism and
Christianity" will be held every
Wednesday evening at B-BOIII l-iU
ll3. This is a non-credit course
sponsored by the Free University.
Everyone Is welcome to attend.

Eight short anonymous poems
were submitted to PRIME R suvuml
weeks ago, among thorn "for
Kovtn." ll lliurr author does not
contaci otthor Leslie, 73003 (If
Daryl, 7 7895, Imrnietliutuly We Will
be unable to C(IilSILlel [limit to:
publication.

 

An American Red Cross litillll'
nurstng course Will be offered to
the public for the first irnio or
several years beginning Monday,
March )5, at the Albany Aron
Chapter, American Red Cross, ll)
catorl on Huckett Blvd. rll Clam
Barton Dr., in Albany.

Miss Ann DiNatale, riursrrrq pro
grams representative to New York
State for tire Red Cross, wrll «on
duct iiIc one-weuk class Wllll'll wrll
Inytilvu daily instruction from I) lit)
dill through 12 30pm.

Anyone interested III iin- roorw
may call Mrs. l)ovrti til the Albany
Red Cross 46;! 7461, to it‘lli‘iii'I III
obtain further information.

 

ONE DOLLAR

 

 

 

PER PERSON

 G"( ludilhfir'd
. to. run Micron:

 

‘lilANNllI IMhGINE ANYIINE WHO CARES ABOUT THE QUALITY (Ii UHRVGUIIURE, fill-ll-
lllSIllNIlY,MlSSIN(i UNIEREYPIIPI"(“L‘I:'l.i‘t't")“AESIHEIIGALLY AND AURMLY
)“AN EliCIRIinNG Alli) EliCIRlilil] PICTURE."(2:32:31?)

.IANIESJUI’I lNWllHlllliBRlllHl Ii/INIIIIII HUI llINIiCUMP/INYSIIUI lMlilfl N/il MAM “ANUPA
I’ASIJANNI {llll AIIIUUIIMASLKIIAJI I I lRSIINAIRPIANlWI“hill/ICES Chi lillflillil NAN

DIIII ANIMAISIIII WIIIIIIUUNIRYJUIANUIHI l ISHUIIS DDINIIJIMIIIINI RIXlI/IVISHANKAR

MONTE EY POP 

(if (H PiNlllllAitlii “mm Al lill MUililiIIY lllllllllhllllllhl PUP IISIIVAI A ltAlIIllIit Plilitlliilltlll illliASl

Thursday, February 5th in LC 18 at 8:15 & 10 pm

MAGNETIC -SIlllPE SOIIND TRACK,

NEW SOUND SYSTEM

lN LC 18

 

 

 

 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1971

Student Suing
Claims ‘Arbitrary Dismissal’

by Joan Zuckerman

Warren Bower, a second year
graduate student, is suing the
School of Social Welfare for what
his lawyer termed “arbitrary term-
ination" of his enrollment at
SUNYA. An ordained Congrega-
tional minister, Bower’s education
is being paid for by the Depart-
ment of Mental Hygiene anti Har-
lcm Valley State Hospital, where
he worked as a psychiatric social
worker,

The Masters program in Social

Lax Security Alarms
Downtown Residents

by Bob Baldassano

Dozens of interested students
who live on the downtown cam
pus met to discuss measures that,
could be taken to insure tighter
security in order to prevent any
more theft and harassment which
has occurred in significant deger

One such proposal dealt with
the establishment of an emer»
gency telephone number which
could be used to summon security
officers to apprehend a thief or
prchnt an harassment. Another
proposal dealt with disbandng of
the Burns guards in favor of a
permanent security officer who
Would maintain a specific post.

Because of its position in the
downtown Albany area, the can?
pus suffers from intrusions by
residents of the area, most of
whom are under fifteen. 'l‘om
lslcy, Alden llnll Dorm Director

 

Andrew P. Vayda (settled), Professor of Anthropology at Columbia
University, spokc about culture and environment at the Environment-

al Forum last week.

ﬁﬁddﬁdddﬁé
ETheASPis 1,:
3; Soliciting ,9,
if? Columns 3

You have the right to
{Thrive your views heard!

The ASP is our medium
y if:

ﬁto do so. it?
BRING COLUMNS TO
1'); 346-3360

ﬁccazc, OR SEE THE
frCOLUMNS EDITOR.

aaaaaaaaas

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Social Welfare

dent representative before the
Curriculum Committee, which
ultimately upheld the former de-
cision.

Advised that he could have a
representative with him if he
chose to press his appeal further,
Bower then asked his lawyer, Mrs.
M. Powers, to appear with him
before the full faculty of the
School of Social Welfare, Powers
was asked to leave that meeting
on the grounds that academic
review by the faculty was not a
court. proceeding requiring the
presence of a lawyer.

After the faculty confirmed
Bowcr's dismissal, he and Powers
went to Dr. Flinlon, Dealt of
Graduate Studies, concerning an
appeal to the Committee on Aca-
demic Standing of the Graduate
Academic Council. According to
Powers, Flinton told them the
committee would not meet for
another month, and a decision
could Iiot be reached until later
this spring.

Realizing that the organizations
sponsoring his education required
completion of his masters degree
in two years, Bowur decided to
bring suit against the school in
order to get reinstated this
semester, Under court order, he
was allowed to register and is
presently attending classes.

The Attorney (leneral's office,
representing the University, re-
quested a postponement of the
case until February 11, at which

Welfare requires the successful
completion of two years of field
placement, in which the student
works under the guidance of an
instructor. As a result of a con-
ference between his faculty ad-
visor and field placement in-
structor, Bower was dropped from
the program in mid-October. He
was informed by the dean of the
Graduate School that It meeting of
all his instructors had affirmed the
decision. Following up his appeal
Bower then appeared with a stu-

would like to see a greater sense
of community among the down-
town residents, or as he called it,
“a greater sense of corporate
responsibility." This would imply
that any student who was witness
to a crime would report it and not
be afraid to do so, as has http-
pened in the past.

Isley pointed out that the only
thing that security proposals can
do is to eliminate the symptom
and not the causes of the prob-
lem. Part of the program to estab-
lish a greater sense of community
is WP” as m, (insure ugh“? secur' time il. will be decided in court.
Ity was Isley s Idea that unilurnictl
students could take over the jobs

of [he Burns guards. ’l‘hcse stu-  

dents would be paid and perhaps 

would be more effectith than the _ _
Dormitory Authority

present guards.

ALBANY, N.Y. Al’ William
A. Sharkoy, a veteran slult' l‘in-
pltiyc, will become atltninslralin‘
director of the State Dormitory
Authority, probany assuming his
new duties in March, it was an
nouncctl today.

Sliarkcy, who livr-s iii the Al
hany suburb of KcKownvillc. now
is assistant commissioner for inan-
agcmt-nl. and finance II) the Dc-
parlmcnt ol' 'I‘riuisportatitin. “1'
has been witli the state for ill'i
years, Serving earlier in the old
Department of Public Works and
the Tax Department.

The Dormitory Authority uvr-rr
seer: planning, construction and
financing of buildings for the
State Uitivcrsily and (3in Univer-
sity systems. private colleges and
_ universities nntl some hospitals and
nursing schools

The post of administratch (lll't‘t'
tor had been held by (,III'ion (i.
Flather, who recently retired.

* , . Correction
‘Jr In the Friday, Jun. 2!) edition
of the ASP the front, page story
on tho twu new University vice
presidents contained the incor-
rect spelling of Dr, Sirotkin‘s
first. name. It should be spelled
Phillip rather than Philip.

 

 

 bonlamin

 

International

Traveller
Want Dependability?

SECTION III INTERNATIONAL. INC.
PRESENTS
A PROGRAM OF WORLDWIDE STUDY—
TRAVEL EXPERIENCES
EAST, wear, NOR’I‘H, or SUI/’I‘II
PRE—PLANNED AND PACKAGED... or

CUSTOM—TAILORED TO YOUR TASTE
FOII’ INFORMA ’I‘ION, CON’I‘A CT:

611 Union Street
Schenectady, N. Y. 12305

Bob Burstein
Section III International

 

 

 

PAGE 3

Security, or the lack of it, has been the topic of much discussion in
the last two weeks.  goodm an

‘Revolution, Establishment”

State Checks Courses

by Bruce B. Detlefsen
AI’ Education Wrilcr

ALBANY, N.Y. AP - A legislative office, acting at the request of
some lawmakers, has asked for detailed information about some
courses at State University campuses, including those dealing with
"revolution," it became known Thursday.

Identical copies of a letter requesting the information were sent to
the presidents of four-year SUNY branches by the head of the
Legislative Research Office, Nicholas Cammcro.

Uammero‘s rcqucstwas for copies of the syllabus of "each course
currently taught or offered in American history, political science
including any curriculum dealing with ‘revolution,‘ ‘tlte establish-
ment,‘ etc. and the social sciences with particular attention to
sociology anti urban studies.“

The contents of the letter became available III the State University
('oIIt-gc at ()neoiila, where Dr. Clifford Craven, the acting president,
said he would not submit the requested information and described the
tone and nature of the request as “extremely ill-advised."

(Yauimcro, in response to a question from The Associated Press, said
a “number of members" of one house of the legislature had initiated
the request. He would not identify them.

The Onconla Star newspaper Indicated in its Thursday morning
ctlilion, Itth-vcr, that the group included Republican Assombylman
Etlwyn Ii. Mason of Hobart.

Mason was quoted by the paper as saying 'wc have received a great
many reports of subversrvr- or anti-American teachings ul State
linivr-rsity colleges" and that, in his opinion, academic freedom has
been used to “L-chr up subversive, revolutionary or anti-American

activities,"

Mason, reached at his (fupitol office later Thursday by The
Associated Press, said he did not wniil to comment further at this time
for fear of the matter being l)l()Wll out of proportion.

He did say, however, that “most members“ of the legislature get
similar reports, [but the university system gets a tremendous amount
of static money and that many actions of SUNY adiiiinistraltirs
"appear to be irresponsible,“

(irrmnicro said the leltors were dated Jan. 11) anti tlial, excluding
Crown, the other presidents liatl suggested “quile uniformly" that the
request be sent to SUNY‘s central administration in Albany.

A spokesman for the system said the matter had been brought to the
central administration‘s attention only a few days ago and that.
because of other business, notably the tuition increase npprovud
Wednesday, there had not been lime to study the legislative request
adequately

Caninicro said llll' legislative office wanted syllabi that would be
more detailed than the catalogs generally available and “material
prepared by course instructors."

His letter also made this distinction clear and said that in addition to
each syllabus the office wanted an indication of how the course
content was selected, prepared and approved and what provisions, if
any, existed for periodic reviews of the material used in the courses,

IIIIEI lllllEllliEllll 'CLiP THIS COUPON IIIIE IIIEIIIIEIIIEIIII

Buy 2-Get 1 Free

with thlI coupon
either

 
 
  

   
   

  
          
 

  

llllEllllglll

llH

NEDA

Giant Roast Beef

SUBMARINE SANDWICH
offcr‘cxpi’rcs Fe; .5. 1971
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
ll ('5' WCLIP THIS COUPONSHIEIIIEIIIEL

MIKE’S

  
  
     
   
     
  
  
    
  
 
  
    
       
   
   
     
      
   
  
    
 
    
    
   
    
    
 
  
 
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
     
     
    
    
     
     
     
  

.. --..:-:-.‘.:«.r‘_’.— «no .-—{‘t~U«‘

  

