 

 

PAGE 2

[mm the Sc:anton I-Ieeort. .
Investigation:

MEMORANDUM
TO: Governor Scranton, Commissioners and Staff
FROM: Joseph Rhode ,Jr.

SUBJECT: Investigation of Hobart College

PERSONAL HISTORY OF THOMAS TONGYAI

Momluang Singkata Thomas Tongyai N'ayaudhya
was born January 14, 1944 in Alabama. His father
was a native of Thailand serving in the United States

Army, working with army intelligence during World
War II. After the war, the Tongyais moved to Bucks
County, Pennsylvania. In June, 1962, Tongyai was
graduated from high school with average grades. In
September 1962, Tongyai enrolled at a school in
New Mexico which offered rodeo courses. In De-
cember, Tongyai reportedly dropped out of school
because some Mexican-Americans were harassing
him. For six months Tongyai worked in the Western
United States for a touring rodeo show. His career
ended when he was hurt in a rodeo.

In September 1963, he entered Delaware Valley
College of Science and Agriculture in Pennsylvania.
Completing only one or two semesters at the
college, he did not receive a degree.

The years from 196.4 to May 1969 were spent
gomg from job to job. In August 1967, he started
work for Shearing Corporation, a veterinary drug
company in Northern New Jersey as a salesman.

Following this Tongyai, his wife and his three-year

old son, moved to upstate New York near the town
of Penn Yan. He moved from Pennsylvania to New
York. It was in 1967 that Tongyai was first seen on
various campuses in the Western New York area. It
is reported that Tongyai possessed unusually strong
patriotic feelings for the United States.

THE TIME HAS cpME 10
mass rue mire, F

    
    

 
     
 
 

-35;

V

continued
CAMPUS ACTIVITIES AND KNOWN SIGHTINGS
FALL I967
First reported to be at Keuka College in Penn Yan,

New York. He visited with an organization called

the “Peace Group" which consisted of about ten

women. At this time protest usually took the form
of picketing. Tongyai allegedly tried to have the

Group take more radical action. This seemed to set

a pattern in Tongyai's meetings with students

around the state. He would usually take a position a

little more extreme than the students with whom he

was talking.
FALL I968

Tongyai became widely known at many upstate
New York campuses. There are many reports of
Tongyai being at Cornell University.

Tongyai was seen at Syracuse University in
Syracuse, New York. His main contact was through
the "Peace and Freedom Party" and the local SDS.
Tongyai was again seen at the University of Ho-
chester. He was associated with the local SDS and
became an unofficial regional traveler (organizer)
for the organization.

Tongyai made his first appearance at Hobart
College in Genevu,NewYork. He went to the first or
second organizational meeting of the Hobart Stud-
ent Movement, a student activist group similar to
the SDS. He was accepted at once because of his
pronounced ties with the SDS.

SPRING I969

On May l7,l969, ’I‘nngyai appeared at an SDS
festival being held at Auburn Community College in
Auburn, New York. He showed a film portraying a
theater skit about the war. 'I‘ongyai said that he
was an SDS regional organizer from Buffalo.
Tongyai is said to have been preaching the “revolu-
tion” and his belief that drugs had no part to play in

it.
FALL I969

Tongyai again appeared at Auburn Community
College and approached ii student. He flashed II card
in front of her, saying that he was from the F.li.l.
Then he said that he was only Irving funny and she
shouldn't worry. 'I‘ongyai tried to talk this some girl

   
 
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Who Is ‘Tom‘my

 

AUGUST l0,I970

    

The following are excerpts of the Scranton Commission Report
on Campus Unrest, in particular, Hobart College and incidents
related to an untrained undercover agent, Thomas Tongyai.

Part II will be printed Friday with Commissioner Rhodes’
conclusions and recommendations.

The ASP thanks Curtis West, editor of The Herald Hobart
College, Geneva, N.Y., for his aid in obtaining this copy of the
report.-

into joining the Weathermen faction of SDS. He
explained that they were the only people doing
constructive things.

Soon after the November 15 march in Washington,
Tongyai told a student at Hobart College that he
had taken a very active role in the Dupont Circle
rally and subsequent march on the South Vietnam-
ese Embassy.

Tongyai spent a great deal of time at Hobart
during the fall term especially in connection with
Newsreel Films of Buffalo, New York. He would
bring films and leaﬂets, often yelling "Kill the pigs,"
whenever policement were shown in the films. They
remember him because he often advocated the
bombing of university buildings, violent revolution,
the overthrow of the United States government, and
the beating and killing of policemen.

TONGYAI‘S ACTIVITIES ON THE HOBART CAMPUS

In the following school year (1969) Tongyai
became more widely known at Hobart and William
Smith. In November of the following year Tongyai
bragged of his role in the Dupont Circle rally. He
told students that violence was the only way to
achieve the goals of revolution. Tongyai said that
the best maneuver in Washington would have been
to get “a pig in the corner and kick the shit out of
him." There are many instances of Tongyai saying
he wanted to kill policemen. Once he took a
dummy grenade and said how he wanted to throw a
real one into a cop car and kill the police in it.

It should be understood that most students, soon
after coming into contact with Tongyai, became
aware of his extremist tendencies and were wary of
him. Their feelings were that lie was mentally
unbalanced and dangerous.

On March 3 (1970) Tongyai attended a student
meeting which was called to decide if a student
“walk-in" on a closed faculty meeting would take
place. About 400 students meeting in Albright
Auditorium were split as to the appropriate action
to take. When the meeting voted on several alterna-
tives, Tongyai tried to vote. Two student leaders
Susan Conniilly and Richard Wasserman, approach:
ed him and made sure he didn‘t vote. However at
42.00 pm. Tongyai walked into the faculty meeting
With the rest of the students. By this time Tongyai
was RDSW?‘ to most of the students at Hobart. Most

assume t at he was ' "
from Burma. a regional organizer for SDS

At the second ROTC sit-in Tongyai was present
for most of the time. The Hobart Student Assembly
passed a motion barring all outsiders from the
campus. During the debate on this motion it
became obvious that it was precipitated primarily
because of Tongyai's presence at the sit-in. The
motion was passed and Tongyai was asked to leave
by ayiiriety of administrators and students but he
risimi-urrsd.L Throughout the sit—in, Tongyai iidvocat-
e no en acts, es eciall .‘ ‘ ' v ' ‘
and bombing the opmcmi'y such as breaking windows
‘On Miiy 6 there Wits a confrontation in front of
(«me Hall, the Hobart administration buildin 1
between a Hobart student and Tongyai which led [til
a harassment warrant being sworn out.

From this time until the June 5 incident there are
pol‘reports lofI’l‘ong_viii'.~: presence at Hobart. 0n .lllnc
.) ongyai t‘( a olicc dru' 'i' - ' ' '
described Inter i: this I‘cptii'll.ml on mmpux' WhICh ls

EV‘ENTS SURROUNDING ROTC SIT“ INS
"Ihomas Tongyai was prcscnt at various liines
.hrougliout the R0'l‘(‘ siI—in. Students believed bin
to be an SDS regional organizer from Buffalo iinl
based on previous encounters students know of l 
tcndencics toward voIcncc. Student loader Stem
(.iimpbcll, was asked by (‘anscy and McKcan i‘f flu-mi
were any outsiders or nonsludcnts at the sit—iiil
When Campbell nsscnlcd, the Dean rci tlcst‘d I'll
be ask them to leave. I L H.“
On Ilhc night of April 2|, the Hobart Student
Association passed a motion to keep all outsiders

   
 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

x

the Traveler’?

with Tongyai’s name mentioned specifically, out of
the sit—in and other Hobart affairs. Student Assoc.
iation President Paul Colarulli personally told
Tongyai to get off campus. However, Tongyai
intent on staying, approached Al Beretta, directoi
of student activities, in request of a press pass. He
told Tongyai that Al Learned of the Colleges‘ News
Bureau was the only person who could issue such a
pass. A student accompanied Tongyai when he went
to the News Bureau. Learned has reported having a
very strange conversation with Tongyai. A conversa.
tion which was immediatedly reported to the F.B,l,
and college officials. In any case Tongyai was
refused the pass, but he informed students at the
sit—in that Beretta had given him permission to stay
and that he was a member of the press.

During the sit—in Tongyai found five Hobart
freshmen who were not satisfied with merer
demonstrating. Tongyai met with these five people
on Sunday, April 26 to discuss ways of harassing
ROTC. They discussed continuously calling the
ROTC offices to tie up the lines and hinder work.
Breaking in and destroying files was also considered,
but soon the conversation turned to Ill’t'l)0mblllt,'.
Tongyai wondered if they wanted to use black
powder or incendiary bombs. The students, realiting
the potency of black powder, were concerned for
the lives of the students living in the dormitory
housing the ROTC offices, so incendiary dcvwes
were agreed upon. Tongyai suggested that he and
Gary Bennett should test bombs of both types lllt'
next day. They did so in a field 10 miles outside of
Penn Yan, N.Y.

On Wednesday, April 29, 'l‘ongyai's group again
met. One of the freshmen, Neil Himelein. had
already disassociated himself from the group.
Awerbuch and Dillon also dropped out. The two
remaining people decided to bomb the offices on
Friday night. Tongyai told them he was leaving for
the weekend to go to New Haven so would not lll'
around for the actual bombing. The bombing took
place Friday, May I, at 4:00 a.m. Three incendiary
bombs were thrown through the window; only one
went off, causing little damage. Students uwtikc and
refuscdboput out the blaze with extinguishers, Why
the fire alarms were out of order is still in nucslion

OFFICER ARRES
THAT consumes!

   
       

   

 

E 'I RJTDLIVEVIE

MUST tovE. T0 LOVE WE

MUST suava, To K
'

  

we Musr n

  

At 7:00 n.m. F.B.I. agent Jerry O'I’lanlon arrived
at. the scene of the bombing. During a discussion
with a student, it was evident O‘Hanlon hiin llflVillIt‘t'
information on the two students (Bennett and
Sheppard), since arrested for the firebombing. 'l‘Iial
morning all five freshmen present in the 'I‘ongyi“
meetings were called in for questioning along with
some other students, including Rafael Martinez. llzui
Awerbuch stated that in the process of his question-
mg, the officer told him they expected the homhnlt’
to take place a day later‘ than it occurred. Martini-r
saw :I‘ongyai outside of the police station llllll
morning, although Tongyai was supposcdlv in New
HaVen at the time. ‘

I‘ongyai was seen on campus only once lu'lu'ci-n
ApriI IE?) and June 5. Since the administration hail
made It clear that if 'I‘ongyai Wt‘l‘t' soon on I‘JIIHIN“
again they were to be notified, on May ti, ilal‘ai-i
Martinez informed Assistant Dean John d‘hcixnicMw
that Tongyai was outside. 'l‘hcisim-vcr wcnl til”
doors and witnessed 'l‘ongyai and Marlon-r t'Xt'itllLﬁt'
l‘t‘cutctl words. Also present was anothcr sluili-iil,
bully Gilmour. 'l‘ongyai then llll'l'lllt'llt'll in M“
Mlll‘llllt‘l and struck him. ’l‘ht-ismcyur Illit'l'H‘llt‘il
and again ordered 'I‘ongyai off campus.

Liller that afternoon Martini-7. and 'l‘lu'isnicicl
Wl‘lll- 1” the police station and swore out .i John lim-
mill‘l‘lllll for "I‘ro‘ngyzii's arrest, since Mai-tinc/ linvu
rm "my “in Iommy tllc 'l‘rzivvlcr. lliin'VI'i', Illi'
:1|:::|l:‘l.\¥:lﬁ not acted upon unlil Ilu- night of.hiiu
11de l“.mln-l’rer Martinez reported to lllt' ])llllt‘t' that he
hm] pn’v'éllzikyttlu Illli'ltlliu outside his aparlnivnl and
number. . .nm with Iongynis lll‘t'llht' |tl.il<

 

KOSHER

FOR

PASSOVEII IOOD

SIGN UP NOW THRU FRIDAY

CENTER

 

IN THE tOBBY OF THE CAMPUS

FOR lNFORMATlON CALL SAM BOGEN 457-4996

erformers

 

 

 

 

Attention all Telethon

Don't forget your
SCHEDULED REHEARSALS

Thurs, Fri. Sat. Feb I8. l9.20 in the Ballroom

l’I'IO’I‘OGHAI’IIEHS WILL. III!) ’I‘IIERFI

     
    
   
    

H I .llz'l'
Slightly llighci Dining Hinnnici
Pick Your Own Departure Diitos
Twunty Other Destinations

Available
Slate Quad llos M‘)

Sam llogcn 457-4900

 

 

 

 

'WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

Campus this week.

 

" . . . > (m .
Bismark Kuyon, a Peace Corps reptesentitive from Liberia is on

«do young

Peace Corps Worker Presents:

‘Both Sides of Coin’

by Aralynn Abare

In an effort to present a truer
picture of current Peace Corps
activities, representatives from
host countries have become part
of recent recruitment drives. One
such representative, Bismarck
Kuyon, from Liberia, is here this
week.

By talking to host country rep-
resentatives, Kuyon explains, Stu»
dents can see “both sides of the
coin." In his role, he feels he can
describe actual benefits of Peace
Corps services, as well as the
problems that exist and some pnsv
siblc solutions to these problems.

Kuyon, principal of a Liberian
school, began working with Peace
Corps “In-Country" training pro-
grams. Those involved language
and cross-cultural training, plus
practice teaching within the coun-
try. lsatcr, he assisted with Virgin
Island “In-Country" training and
has been in thc U.S. for three
years.

One primary problem, according
to Kuyon, is the length of a Peace
Corps worker's stay in a country.
“It takes a year and a hiilf for the
worker and the people to get to
know one another. This leaves
only six months for them to
accomplish anything else." Kuyon
advocates a thrciI to four year
stint instead. In this same vein, he
feels that volunteers should be
given more motivation, such as
job assurance upon return to the
U.S.

Al present, only one Liberian
holds in decision-making position
Willi llll‘ Peace Corps in that
country. Kuyon sees a definite
Hood for more host country per-
sonnel to judge the success or
failure of Peace Corps efforts and,
in general, In make Peace Corps
efforts more "relevant" tn the
specific needs of the country.

While lrichling throughout the
northeastern U.S., Kuyon liiis cn-
countcrcd criticism of United
States "political involvement" in
ollwr countries through the Peace
(Snips. "Students havu told me

 
 

Come Together

   
 
 
 
  

in

lllElIllll

(student WEI“)
fly PAN AM

cull Sue
at 7-7821

 

   

that the Peace Corps is an ‘Eslab-
lishment' element of ‘Americnn
intcrvcntion,‘ and that there are
Secret Service agents in host coun-
tries," he explained, “but I cannot
say one way or the other." “I
only know that the overwhelming
majority of people in my country
fch that the volunteers do help on
an individual and positch basis, he
continued, ”and that I am not
familiar enough with the political
elements involved to decide on
that."

Kuyon will remain on campus
until tomorrow at 5 pm. Inter-
views, which he describes as “rap
sessions, mil job interviews" will
run from 3-5 both today and
tomorrow in the Placement
Office.

Lost I.D. Fee
Lowered to 853

by Linda Ulsli

The five dollar replacement fee
for a new [D had been called,
“Way over costs for replacement"
by Donald Bunis of the Registrar's
office. The fee, therefore, has
been lowered to three dollars for a
new ID due to a student error or
loss. If the card is defective,
through no fault of the student or
if the student's name changes the
University or the company will be
responsible for replacing it. With
the new policy coming into effect,
students, faculty and staff will all
be treated equally when replace
inent is being considered. Bunis
wishes to remind everyone that
the card is necessary to register
and it is issued frcc upon entering
the Univvrsity.

 

iALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 3

FDA to Raise Iron Contents
Some Fear Adverse Effects

May Lead to Cancer

by Neill Shanahan

At a time when the Food and Drug Administration isiproposinggreat increases in the
amount of iron in bread, an Albany general practitioner and two leading Boston doctors
claim that “excessive iron is destructive" and may lead to cancer.

Dr. Margaret AnnKrikker, who formerly worked for the Albany State University
Infirmary, Dr. William H. Crosby, and Dr. Frederick Stohlman, heads of Boston
hospitals, have gone so far as to urge that iron and its salts be removed from the “GRAS
list” - the listing of foods and minerals guaranteed as safe by the FDA.

Iron and its salts “cannot be judged safe under the present use patterns...and the safe
upper limits of iron supplementation to the diet in the male (and post menopausal
female) are a matter of concern,” Dr. Krikker wrote in a letter protesting the FDA plan
to more than triple the legal amount of iron allowed in bread and flour products.

News of the three doctors‘ opposition was released in the Food Chemical News, a
weekly bulletin to about 400 food producers and executives. The bakers and millers
industries support the FDA proposal.

Dr. Krikker, who resigned from the university infir_mary in 1968, and who continues
to maintain an Albany residence was out of town and unavailable for comment.

The FDA has proposed an increase in the amount of iron in bread and flour from 15
milligrams per pound to between 50 and 60 milligrams. The recommended minimum
daily requirement for men is between 5 to 10 mgs per day and for menstruating women
between 7 to 20 mgs.

In a 1965 survey, the U.S. Department of Agriculture found that 25 per cent of boys
12 to 14, and 38 per cent of women and girls 9 to 54 received less than recommended
allowances of iron. The survey showed shortages were more severe among the poor.

Dr. Philip L. White, secretary of the American Medical Association‘s council on food
and nutrition, has called iron deficiency'anemia and the resultant fatigue and low
resistance to disease “one of the major nutritional problems of teenage girls, and indeed
adult women as well.”

Dr, White has acknowledged in other writings that not enough is known of human iron
absorption, but told the FDA that the council “is of the opinion that the proposed
increases in the amount of iron in enrichment should be put into effect even while work
is continuing on the best forms of iron to be used," adding that “years of work may be
required before sufficient is known to adequately classify iron compounds by their
availability for absorption.”

The opponents to the FDA proposal, howchr claim that the 196.5 survey was too
limited and did not take into account the fact that different people absorb iron in
differing amounts. They claim too that what may often be idcnlified as iron deficiency
is in fact deficiency of some other vitamin such as I32.

In May, 1970, when the FDA proposal was made, the Associated Press quoted Dr.
Crosby, chief of blood studies at New England Medical Center, as claiming “even 30
milligrams of iron per day may be a spurce of danger to the average male."

Dr. Krikker tinted that addition of iron to flopr has been banned in Frame, West
Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, and that Great Britain presently permits
only half the level allowed in the United States.

Dr. Krikker claimed that prolonged, excessive iron absorption results in an iron-excess
disease, licmachromatosis. In it more recent protest, says the Food Chemical News, the
Albany practitioner asserted there is a “direct relationship between excessive iron
deposition in hemachromatosis and primary lchr carcinomas (hapatomus)."

"As the incidence of liver cancer in hnputomas in the general population is relatively
rare and the incidence of liver cancer in hemachmmatosis is very high, the conclusion is
inescapable that liver cancer is induced by excessive iron absorption." Dr. Krikker said.

Dr. Krikker suggested that the FDA‘s treatment of iron as “generally recognized as
safe (GRAS)" has enabled food manufacturers to add iron in unlimited amounts to
nonstandardizod foods, whether or not it is needed by, or safe to, the consumer. She
said it is also consumed in huge quantities in vitamin-mineral non-prescribed
supplements. '

“It is more than likely that the healthy male and post-menopausal woman, as well as
those anemic patients, possibly undiagnosed, previously shown to have enhanced iron
absorption, will be ingesting and absorbing very large amounts of unneeded iron,” Dr.
Krikker wrote, adding, “The iron in the undiagnosed ancmics will be absorbed but will
go not to the hemoglobin but to the tissues to accumulate.”

Thus, Dr. Krikker suggests that the widespread iron deficiency found in the 1965
Agriculture study will not be corrected by permitting the flour and baking industry to
triple the amount of iron in their bread iind cereal products.

The increase, if not the presently permitted amount, say the opponents, will pose a
serious threat to the general population of iron-excess disease and possibly cancer.

Dr. Crosby said doctors agree that the body does a poor job of working off excess
iron. The mineral concentrates in the liver and other glands, may possibly lead to
glandular failure, he said.

“No one is in a position to assure us that a large segment of the population would not
be placed at increased risk from absorption and storage of unneeded iron," said Crosby.

The New England doctor cited heavy iron consumption by South African Bantus,
whose methods of cooking and brewing increase daily iron intake to 50 or 100
milligrams per day per person.

“About half the population is found, at death, to how serious accumulations of iron
in liver, pancreas, heart and other susceptible organs and often these organs are severely
injured," said Crosby.

 

 

The Textbook Area

will be closed “H 01' Muccli ‘Illl.
All Spring texts will he returned
to the pubIIHIIUI' iit that time.
l’loui-ic purchase all books noon.
Drop curds will be honored

throuin March 4th .

  
       
       
       
         
       
   
    
 

   
    
 

    

Buy 2-Get 1 Fre

 

with this coupon i

either I

MIKE’S um ,
Giant Roast BOOT IE

llil

SUBMARINE SANDWICH
offer expires Feb. 28, 1971
GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

’llllalll

 

 

 

«Mt

 

