AA... A -_..—. .- gnaw

lie"
' 1,_;_..-.M.



who:

 

 

PAGE 8

Everything you always wanted to know...

...ABOIIT HOUSING

by Keith Morrison
An ASP Feature

In the past few months there has been increasing controversy over residence halls and
the exact extent of the university’s jurisdiction in several important areas of control.
Five basic points of contention have been raised and have been in need of examination.
In a recent interview with Dr. Charles Fisher, Director of Residences, these points were
clariﬁed.

ls'it true that contracts are absolutely binding but the university can raise the cost of

housing at any time?

According to Dr. Fisher, contracts are binding for the full academic year for which the
student enrolls. But there are special circumstances in which the univeristy will release a
student from his or her contract. For instance, if a student leaves school or gets married,
that student is released from the contract. In addition. a student may wish to be
released for various personal reasons. Cases of this type are brought to the attention of
the Central Office of Residences and the student in question must present some sort of
evidence that there is justiﬁcation for his release. After full inquiry the Central Office
makes a final decision on whether the contract should be broken.

In reference to the question of raising housing costs, it must be noted that the decision
to raise the cost of room and board is made by the Central Offices of the State
University system and not by the Adminstration of the Albany ‘ampus. It is also of
importance to note that the housing brochure, mailed to all students before they sign
their contracts, states that the university reserves the right to raise housing costs at any
time. In the case of such an eventuality, however, the university must renegotiate its
housing contracts with all students, giving those students who wish an opportunin to
backout of their contracts.

Is it true that the University reserves the right to inspect rooms at any time? If so.
what is the extent of this inspection?

The university does indeed reserve the right to inspect rooms at will. This inspection
takes place throughout the entire dorm. It may bc called fora Variety of reasons,
including checking sanitation and living conditions or conducting a search for missing
furniture. WhateVer the reason, an inspection is always publicized in advance, giving
students ample knowledge of it prior to the actual inspection. Once the dorm has been
notified of inspection (several (lays in advance), the actual inspection takes place.
During this inspection a student's drawers containing personal belongings are not gone
through and only a general survey of the residence is made Up to now it has been a
common practice for inspections to take place over vacations, However, the policy is
now being changed to encourage the staff, if possible, to inspect before or after vacation
so that students may witness the inspections themselves.

It must be emphasized that an inspection is different from a search. A search may
cover a single room, while an inspection will cover the whole dorm. In a search
procedure, two professional staff members must be present, and the searchers can look
through a student's personal belongings only with that student‘s permission. To extend
the search without the student’s permission, ii search warrant must be obtained from
court.

Is it title that students may be dismissed from dorms at will?

There are two types of removal from the dorms. One is ii disciplinary removal. This
takes place only on the judgment of the student board of the Central Judicial Council.
which judges the student's ‘asc. The case can later be appealed to the Committee on
Student Conduct, which can lower or revoke the previous sentence, Dr, Fisher believes
that almost all cases of ii student removal from a dorm should go through the
disciplinary board, 'I‘hosc cases that do not involve the boiird are called Administrative

Groove Tube is

Coming

March 19 and 20

Sponsored by

Cum us Contoi‘ Govornln r Board
5.

Funded by Student Tax

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Dr. Charles Fisher, Director of Residences

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1971

 

 

m

Riddle of the day: What on earth could cause three roommates to make their beds on

the same day'.’ 'uoiioadsul iiiioq ZJOMSlIV ~ c/Imc

removal, This procedure is iiscd only in an emergency to I‘t‘nltht‘ a student quickly from
residcncc. In such cxcvptional c s the derision to remove a student must go to lllt'
Vice President of Student Al‘fa ; it may l)(! noted that tho last case of Administrative
removal took place over two years ago. In any eventuality. students cannot be removed
from the dorms on a whim.

 

 

S

 

Is it true that room and board must go together?

Although it is true that students miist sign up for a meal plan if they sign up for a
room, changes in this arrangement are under currciil investigation. At present, students
arrange for rooms with the university but sign up for board with FSA, which is a private
corporation. Any change in the food program must be approved by FSA, which is
controlled by a board of directors. There has been a suggestion for the institution of a
restaurant-type program in which students would pay for each meal separately instead
of in a bulk package, as is the present case. ’i‘licrc arc, according to Dr, Fisher, two good
reasons for the present plan. For one thing, food service can supply food at a cheaper
price if it has the money to pay for the meals in advance, In addition, money .
when students fail to show up for meals and lhcsc savings go to (lcci‘cusc the prici- of
food further. ll must be noted, however, that plans are under investigation for a
pay«as~you-go meal plan or a plan in which a student could pay fora room without
having to subscribe to a meal plan,

 

How are damages assessed and charged?

Students are responsible for all damages
beyond normal wear and tear which occurs during
course of the year, Damages are assessed am.
repaired by the maintenance department and every
effort is made to charge only those students
responsible for the damage. In terms of cost, much
of the damage sustained is repaired ill a standard
fee. This refers to items such as broken windows.
All other itcins are assessed by maintenance. As of
now, the money paid to rcpair for the ilainiigcs docs
not go directly to the nuiintciiuucc department. but
is put in the Office of Resiilchcs account, which
maintenance can draw upon. llowcvcr, Dr. Fishcr
hopes that by next year this syslcm wdl be changed
so that money paid by students for repairing
damage would go directly into an account for
muiutcnuucc and would be ule to repair only that
diiinagiI for which it was collected.

 

~clioui

 

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

FREE
drawing on CLASS RING
Choice at Birth Stone with 14kt Gold Ring

Come in and Register
at our Jewelry Counter

 

March 1-31 is Ring Month at the Bookstore

FREE Golden Signature PLUS $2 Discount
on any Ring During the Month ot March.

 

 

 

Interest-free

  

 Students
Becau so" Oil 1‘1

Job is Serving

g ' tie T
est...
t ' ' ‘ I
tﬂllllllﬂ‘lllllli GRE ﬁllUl‘t’llLUlil MN
I
Mull! sIil isAi L'Jélilllllilll 0M
l i
IdlUbUlllliSib AlGSa
'l’iiipiiriition Ioi tiisis roipiiiod to: ad-
IIIISSIOH to nosl ipiidiiaiii Schools
' Six and thlthl snssmn courses
' Small gioups
Voluniinous study iniiloiial tor lioiiiu
study iirciuiiuil by iixpui is In each
tuild
' Lasso" scliiidiilo can bu liiilouiil In
llltltll iiidivtdiuil needs Legions
ciiii bi: spread ovui ii [)tl'ltltl ot
, wvural months to a your. in for
out (it town students, a humid
at one wuok
'Opporiiinily tor iuvuiw ot post
lessons viii lupii iii the center

WE GIVE

Loans To

 

 

Special Compact Courses durum
Weekends and Initisuﬁlon

STANLEY H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD.
lUIUNINll AMIHIUIIIAMC' IINCl ‘9”

im nil-ins"... Wuohlyti a v ,m ,H,
l212l 330—5300 “vi-wan
  Itluinllnn

.

You

 

 

 

 

   
   

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

 

Voting Begins On

New Constitution

by Tom Clingan
Editor-in-Ciiief

After two years of revision, argument, and postponement, a new
Student Association constitution comes before the student body
today. A major publicity drive has been initiated to acquaint the
students with the proposal, which needs the approval of (50% of at
least 1500 members of the Student Association.

The constitution proposal has long been a subject of controversy
inside Central Council, Originally introduced in much different form
in April of 1969, it evolved to the current moich through numerous
major revisions and three different admiiiistralions,

'l‘lic rcfcrcndiim is being held today, tomorrow, and Wednesday in
ll'lt' Campus (‘cnlcr ( ll a.m. to h p.l1'l.) and in the three uptown
dining halls and Walilcn c ctcria (-I lit) litllt) l).lll.l.

Also on rol'crciuliiin arc scvvral amcnilinciits to the prcscnt
constitution, in case the ncw proposal docs not pass, which will maki-

 

tlu- currcnt sysli-ni more livable.

The major tliffcrcnccs licthcii constitutions arc tlic legislatch and
cxcciitivc branches. (‘iii'i'i-iilly, all functions of both branches arc
containcd in tlic L'cnli'al (Touucil. 'l‘lii- ncw proposal would pi'iiviilc n
scpai'atc, l'll'l‘ll‘ll i-xcciitivc and a wholly clcclcd I'cnlriil Council. 'l‘liis
makes both bodii-s more democratic and rcspoiisivc to public ﬁnding,
is wcll as involving morc st talents in government.

'l'lic opinions of students in the giivcriiincnt are still inixcd, llUWUVl‘I‘,
on Illl' lopic of the constitution, Student Association prcsidcnt David
Ncul'cld is very much in favor of its adoption. “The only fair way to
oxpcnd such a large sum of money |iuandatory tax;about $360,000]
is to havv a purely clcclcd Council based on living areas. 'l‘licrc will be
:i much closer relationship l)l'l\Vl'('ll llic stiidcnls and llicir rcp~
I‘i‘hl‘lllllllVl'S,‘ iiil Ncufcld. He added, “'l‘lic main problcm with the
old constitution was lha' it look llircc ycars to chaiigc it."

The original vcmiiin ol‘ the “ncw” proposed constitution was
inti'odiiccd on April ‘. ., llllitl, to be placed on i'i-fcrciiilum iliiring lhc
first week of (lclobcr,l‘.lli‘.l. l)i,-batc on llll‘ issue was so cxli-iisivc
that in October the bill was not rcaily for rcl'i-i'cnduiii. chii' the i‘lllI of
llllll :icadcinic _\'(‘ill', in April of Ill70, :inothcr bill was passcd orilcriiig
action by ()ctolicr lfi, Ill'fl. This bill was rcaffiriiu-il by tlii- llI'W
Ill70-7l council at Its first int-cling Yet, iliic to an iiiicxpcctcil
lawsuit (among Ulllt‘l' things) action was iicvi-r talicii 'l‘hi- constitution
contiuiicd to be discussed, on .iiiil off, (luring tlic ciirri-nl ycai'
Chairmanship of the ('onstitnlioiuil llovisuins (loiniiiitli-c passcil
throuin scvcriil hands. For all the stain-ll cagcriicss , no onc seemed to
want to do llll' work involvcil.

Finally, on Fl‘lll'lltll‘)’ I I, lll7l, llic I‘lll‘l'l‘lll version was prcscnlcil to
(‘ontral Council by David Nciil'clil. 'I‘bc thlt' at the next Council
meeting, on February 18, was lH~l-l in favor of placing the bill on
referendum. One wcck later, a different constitution proposal was
introduced by Jeff Wassernuin, who felt that the political and
monetary functions of Council should be divided betwecn two
different boilies,’l‘his would case problems if S.A. ever went over to a
voluntary lax again. His veision of the constitution was tabled for the
next regular meeting, March -l, which was cancelled for hick of ii
quorum. 'l‘hcrcl'orc, the original version will go to the polls as
originally passi-il on l“|‘lll‘lllll’)’ lil.

 

'I'cr/ inf/[Iv

I'I‘tlllll.\l'tl hint, (iIlIf/Illl/ltlll

.l/i/icilri oil I‘ilgc ll

Students brave \\'lllll is hope-
full) winter's last \llthSIlll‘lll.

potslmuislrt

 

any Student Press

State University of New Yorli at Albany

 

Monday, March 8, I97I

Voting for the proposed Student Association Constitution will be held in all the quads as well as the

Campus Center today, tomorrow, and Wednesday.

r-vgnndnian

Capital Colleges Discuss
Problems and Cooperation

by Al Sciiia

(‘apilal arca colleges took thc first step toward political and Mit'lzll cohesion 'l'iicsday night wh sixteen
rcprcscnlativcs met at Schenectady Community (Iollcgc to discuss common problems facing their

institutions and to scarch l'or Vllll)ll' answers.

The meeting, attciiilcil by rcprcscnlalivcs from Union, lt,l’.l.,

Sliidmorc, St. Rose, Albany Med,

Schenectady Community and Albany State laslcd for about two hours. It. was the first in a series of such

sessions; the second is planned to take place in approximately two weeks.

One of the topics discussed iind now being studied is the feasibility of coordinating next. year's student
activities cnlcndar so that ll greater divumity of entertainment can be offered to all students in the area.
l’roblcnis, such as two arcii colleges scheduling concerts for the same night would be ovurcomc,

It is also hoped that the local student governments can be induced to pool their monetary resources
from time to time so that “super-groups" such as Led Zeppelin and Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young could
appear in thc tri-citics area. Currently, fees for such groups are so hiin that no single college can afford the

price,

 

Politics was another area of
major discussion, with the dele-
gates hoping that the group will
be able to spur greater co-opera-
tion among urea colleges when
marches, rallies, and teach-ins are
planned. News of such activities
would reach all students through
the use of riidio station W.R.P.l.
and LOTUS NEXUS, ll lociil com-
munity paper. Press releases to all
of the local student presses would
supplement these services.

Efforts may also be made in the
near future to establiin a full time
lobbying group so that local cols
lcgc students, iicliug collectively,
will be able to effectively air their
vicws to legislative Iciiders.

What the organization is ulti-
nuitcly aiming for, of course, is
to bring a sense of community to
the Capital Districtﬁiometliing
that almost every student knows
is sorely lacking. Though the
group is experimental, it seems to
bc a very crucial first stop. And
hopefully it will lead to important
innovations and help overcome
the obstacles to student unity.
One student put. the problem in
peispective when he turned to the
Albany State representative and
asked excitedly: "Why can't we
use your Mohawk Campus for
another Woodstock?”

Perhaps, some day, we shall.

 

 
   

 

