WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24; 1971

 

 

“It gives me something to do with my hands.”

To Be Obscene,
Not Heard

An ASP Column
by llarry Kirscliner
Dear Mr. Editor:

I would like to question the good taste of a man who spoke here
Monday named Anthony Burgess. The lecture was entitled “'l‘lie
Limits of Ohseenity",but we in the audience knew what it was
immediately; pure, unadulterated filth.

As soon as that libertine delivered his metaphor about art. 1 and
own life). being a “sculpture of feces", l knew that the eyening
was going to be one blush after the next. And how the man
justified his being obscene. by saying it was for "didactic" ends!
Doesn't he know the relationship between means and ends'.’ llis
teachings would only bring dirt. dirt. dirt!

And what kind of artist uses “whateVer form is going". as a
vehicle to communicate his message? I‘m only glad that he could
not yet speak of his next book which he is calling. ((lod forgive
me). M F. I don't know what this means, but after hearing the
author, I am convinced that it is immoral. What happened to the
good old days of Oedipus?

According to Mr, Burgess, women's fashions are pornographic.
He says that clothes are an instrument to make women "mow"
men. Obviously. the speaker would rather have eVeryone move
without clothes. How the man suggests We can reward porno
graphy as an art form. also left a bitter taste in my month.

What does Mr. Burgess choose to joke about? He jests about
how it is now proper to speak about"feees". because our great
technology has made it possible to recycle waste products. ls
there no sacred object?

One of the few legitimate things said by our iioi'elist speaker,
was a protest he made about the American printer of his book
entitled The Clockwork Orange. It is nnderstiiiulable that an
author would get upset at ii printer who deletes the final chapter
of his book in order to make it end on a violent note.
Unfortunately. Burgess followed this with a complaint about
certain printers mistakenly printing “public hairs". Instead of
something sounding very close to that.

Mr. Editor. I appeal to you to try to see what you can do aboul
this senseless pornography-

Sincerely.
Priscilla l}. K. (ioodbod)
PS. Maybe you should start by cleaning up your own house!

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘ Potential of

Drugs

An ASP Column
Name Withheld

After taking a good look around our campus,(or almost any other
one you might care to observe), it will have to be admitted that grass
is quickly becoming an American institution. It is being used by an

estimated 50%

(at least) of students in college, and is rapidly

extending its reaches into higher and higher levels of our society, as
well as the junior-high and high schools.

Unfortunately. however, grass is turning into this generation‘s
equivalent of alcohol. Having turned on with at least 150 Albany
State students and associating with countless others who have been
stoned, I have noticed one thing which is all too common:

The majority of people who use dope (grass and hash). use it as an
excuse to lower the levels of their powers of communication and
reasoning, in many cases to the point where it becomes harder and
harder to understand what is going on around them; nor can they
effect any type of intelligent verbal communication. Often the fact.

that someone is stoned is used as an excuse for a lack of any creative

type of thinking or work. How many times have you heard someone

say. “I’m sorry man, I just can't dig what you're saying, I'm really
wrecked." and then watched them wander off to iisten to music or
engage in some other form of activity providing either a physical or
emotional pleasure. but not an intellectual one; for example, balling.

going to the movies. listening to music, or going to a concert.

I

u

can‘t really put this down. because balling or going to see

Fantasia" is fantastic when you're stoned; however. getting stoned
should be productive for an individual mentally also. Grass, unlike
alcohol, has this potential, but it is not used to the extent that it
should be.

Try a simple LLSt on yourself. Next time you get stoned with a few

people, have a tape recorder going. Cut out the music fora while and

attempt to haVe a serious rap about a heavy subjectt loVe. politics.

music. etc.). The next day when you are straight listen to the tape.

Ask yourself if any productive ideas or concepts 'ame out in the

discussion, or chn if any points or concepts were made clearer by a

“stoned rap".Did the levels of communication go up or down‘.’

If they went up, congratulations. You are using dope to your

advantage , raising the level of your communication and the co-

herency of your thoughts, If not. you are fulfilling the prophecies

made by the “older” generation that (lope is harmful, or at least not

beneficial to its users.

If you would really like to try to raise the IeVels of your thought and

communication when you are stoned to a point where you can

effectiver organize your thoughts and communicate them intelli‘

gently. and in turn tune in on someone else's thinking, you might

want to try seVeraI of the following ideas.

(iel stoned and:

(in to a lecture or speech given by a

person who is talking about a

subject which interests you. Concentrate on what he is saying and try

tu organize your thoughts and feelings in your own head. Bring along

a pad and pencil to write down important ideas or concepts that. strike

you.

Sit and observe a group of your friends with a pen and paper in

front of you. Write down every relevant “stoned thought" that goes

through your mind about the people there, your feelings as to what

they are saying. and the interactions within the group. If it won't

cause too many hassles. try and discuss what you wrote down with

the people you were writing about.

Rap (or listen) to people whom you feel are more together in their

thoughts than you are. Focus on what they are saying. and try to

organine your thoughts to try to reach the IchI that they are

communicating on. liaise yourself up to their level; don't. by the fact

that you are stoned, force them to come down to yours.

li'inally. begin to respond to other people on an Intelligent level.

Start talking and communicating when you are stoned on a IeVeI

which is liiglici than the one you use every day When you can do this.

you're there.

The methods suggested .iboVe will not work iiislantaneously. It may

take weeks of concentrated effort to get to the pond where you \vanl.

but beliei‘e me, it is well worth the effort

PAGE 12

 

SOVIET

course. action!

 

JEWS

are deprived of their freedom
in the Soviet Union!
Come and hear Rabbi Gcrlaliah
speak on the Jews of the Soviet
Union with slides. rap. and, of

sponsored by the
Coalition for Soviet Jewry
Wed.. Feb. 24th at 8 PM in LC!

All People

' telephones

‘ col't’oo. donuts. otc.

EDU l2l at 7:30 PM

 

 

Working onTelethon

Attend a Meeting Wednesday. Feb.

’71

24

 

The Free School
presents

Dr. Strangelove
LC 74:30
Tonight - Feb. 24

 

 

FREE

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

 

Albany Student Press

Vol. LVlll No. l4

State University of New York at Albany

Laird, Javits Cite

  

Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird walk: towards the podium which contains his seal before delivering

remarks to a news
Asia.

conference Thursday

in Washington. Laird discussed his recent trip to Southeast

lAl’ Wiicpliolo|

Republicans Seek Change
Of Primary Election Date

By HOWARD CLARK

Associated Press Writer

Republicans used their voting
muscle Wednesday and forced a
measure through the legislature
that would change the primary
election date this year from June
to September.

Democrats complained that few
persons would vote on the later
date. but were unable to raise
enough support to defeat the bill.

The measure. which formally
schedules the election on Sept.
M. was sent to the governor, who
was expected to sign it,

Republican sponsors, Sen. John
Marehi of Staten Island and
Assemblyman Peter R. liioiido of
()ssiniug, contended that the pri-
mary election would have to be
delayed to complete local reap
portionnient plans based on the
lll'ltl census figures.
both

Under questioning ii
houses, however, they could liol
say whether l't‘itllptll'lllllllllt‘lll
could be accomplished in tune for
the September elections

Democrats hail been backed in
their opposition by the League of
Women Voters, who argued that
the later date serves only to hem-
fit incumbent candidates and en
trcnclu-d political parties

The primary election bill was
supported generally along party
Iiiics lll bolli Illl' Senate and
Assembly The measure passed the
Senate by a role of It] ‘in and the
Assembly by 7Htill (lnly lill't't‘
Republicans voted against the
measure. Four Democrats sup»
ported the bill.

"This is ll manipulative game."
siiid Sen. Manfred ()lirenstein,

D«Manhattan. in opposition. “You
are doing it for the sake of politics
and not for good government."
Marchi. speaking in support, said
the shortened period for primary

by candidates.

Several Democratic lawmakers
said the most. effectivr- way to
limit campaiin costs would be to
mandate free television time and

and general election campaigns

would serve as a curb on spending candidates.

Benezet Supports

Puerto Rican Studies

by Vicki Zeldin
News Editor

The results of a request for Presidential support of a Puerto
Rican Studies Depiirtment for the 1972-73 school year that led to
a sit-iii on 'l‘uesday have been released.

In a memo to Paul Wheeler, Associate Dean of the Behavioral
and Social Sciences. from President Benezet. the President. stated,
“As you know. I have supported the principle of these studies
[Puerto Rican Studies] as a logical extension of cul'riculums
which help carry out the cultural identities of our major ethnic
groups at the University."

The approximately till students who participated in the sit-iii
wanted the President's written support of a l’ucrto Riean Studies
program. On 'l‘uesiliiy, after the President met with four of the
group's representatives. Mike t'ruz, one of the representatives
announced. "We got what we came for," Although the meniohad
been composed on 'l'uesdiiy. its contents Were not disclosed until
'l‘liursdiiy, as a matter of protocol.

Benezet went on to state in his memo tliiil, “A good part of our
discussion surrounded the question iif a Department of Puerto
Rican Studies. It would seem to me this will be a logical
development analogous to Judaic Studies and Afro-American
Studies. Just what the timing of the department beginning will be
is something that the proper faculty committees and iidministra
lI\'c heads will need to work out....’l‘lie important thing is that
resources Will be needed to put the program together. l hope
requests for such resources can be included to an extent we can
manage in the l‘.l7‘J-7:i budget,"

Dean Wheeler, in response to the President's memo, said “I
support the development of programs to meet the needs of the
different students on campus.“ He added that there were already
some courses in the area of l’uerto Rieiin Studies and three more
courses have been proposed for next year.

free newspaper advertisements for

Friday. February 26. l97l

SE Asian Policies

AP Compilation

Secretary of Defense Melvin R.
[aird said 'Ihursday South Vietnam-
cse forces in Laos are achieving
their objectives but warned "it's
going to be tough going in the
days ahead."

In a Pentagon news conference,
Laird said the Laos operation was
an anlilogistics attack to disrupt
the flow of North Vietnam sup-
plies and equipment.

“The Smith Vietnamese forces,
under challenging and hazardous
conditions which had been fully
anticipated." Laird said. “are
achieving their objective of major
disruption of North Vietnam sup-
ply routes."

Laird also discounch reports of
U.S. involvement in the operation,
which the government has said is
limited to air support.

“Whatever the day~to-diiy re
ports may indicate about ground
battles...the unassailable fact is
that U.S. involvement in the war
is going down, down, down and
we continue to follow that poli<
cy,“ Laird said.

Laird said operations in Cam-
bodia iind Laos had taken the
initiatiVe away from the enemy by
cutting off sanctuaries and supply
lines.

“l-lard fighting lies ahead." Laird
added. however. “The South Viet-
namese military force is up against
a determined and ruthless in-
vader....” Laird siiid.

Laird continued to reflect the
Nixon administration's optimistic
view of the situation in Laos.
although reports from the field
have told of difficult fighting and
high South Vietnamese losses.

“'I‘he initiative no longer belongs

to the enemy in Indochina." Laird

said. adding “that is one reason I
continue to hope for a break-
through" in the stalled Paris peace
talks."

Javits

Senator Jacob Javits said Thursday
President Nixon's Vietnam poli-
cies may be heading the “ship of
state.,.for the same rocks which
broke up and sank the presidency
of President Johnson. "

Javits, a New York Republican
and a member of the Foreign
Relations Committee. said time is
running out for Nixon on Viet-
nam. He called for withdrawal of
all US, forces from Vietnam by
mid-1972.

His comments came in a speech
prepared for the Mid-America
World Trade Conference here.

“it seems to me that the Nixon
administration faces the same
dilemma now which faced the
Johnson administration in 1967.”
Javits said.

“1 am speaking here," he went
on, “of the ‘winning' and 'losing'
syndrome which spurred President
Johnson onto those measures of
military escalation and insensi-
tivity to public opinion which
brought his political career to an
end."

Calling it irrelevant whether the
United States “wins” or "loses"
the war, the New York Repub-
lican said that unless the admitti-
stration makes it national policy
to withdraw all U.S. forces from
Vietnam by mid-1972 “I believe
there is a good chance that the
Congress will act to establish it by
law."

Javits said "time is closing in on
the administration with respect to
ending the Vietnam war."

 

Presldent Louls Benezet has given written rapport to the formation

of a Puerto Rican Studies department.

---pollu

 

