       
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Communications

Do Something

To the Editors of the ASP:

It’s about time something was said and done about
the library, or as it is more commonly known on
campus, the “goddamn library." The library, which
on most campuses is a building with books in it, is
on this campus a cross between a joke and a
nightmare. Graduate students should be systematic-
ally warned before registering of the almost insur-
mountable difficulties involved in doing any sort of
research at SUNYA.

Problems include:

1. Student and faculty who steal, mutilate, and
fail to return on time books and periodicals.

2. Lack of funds. Unbelievably, the library budget
has been out recently in some areas.

3. Lack of normal library practices. No one seems
to have heard of periodical reading of the stacks.
4. Presence of bizarre library practices, such as

placing the only copies of certain reference works
on reserve, so that they are hard to find if you don't
know what name they are under.

5. Library hours, which are geared to the staff,
who want to get home, rather than to the students
and faculty, who want access to books.

6. The practice of letting books out for a month
to students, and indefinitely to faculty. If a book is
being used properly, it should not normally be
needed for more than a week. As it is, if you are
allowed to keep a book for a month, that's how
long you tend to keep it, whether you need it that
long or not.

Some suggested solutions:

1. Severe sanctions should be imposed for keeping
books past the time limit. At rational campus
libraries, fines are sometimes up to 25 cents an
hour. Such new fines should be instituted, widely
publicized, and imposed in every case of lateness.
Marks should be witheld or library privileges sus
pended until fines are paid.

2. The time limit for keeping out books should
not be longer than two weeks for students, and
three weeks for faculty.

3. The library should set aside on:- room for
periodicals, and make it very diffictilt to steal them
from that room.

4. Students and faculty should bitch to people in
high plaCes to apply pressure for more funds for the
library.

5. Students should not use the hint. Anyone who
learned the alphabet and how to omit in the first
grade can reshelve books as well as, or better than,
most library staff. If you see a book out of place,
reshelve it properly.

6. If you see someone stealing ii book or
periodical, it) ask him not to do it, or b) report him,
or c) kick the shit out of him. if you're a
conserVatlve, see it as protecting property rights. If
you’re a liberal or radical, see it as preventing the
theft of a bench from the People's Park.

Karl Felsen
Joan Nuffleld
Maureen Kelly
(Pierce Hall)

Response

To the College Community:

This is regarding the two articles in Monday's,

N.B.— From now on there will be a strict observance of the 300 word limit on letters. —t.g.c.

Feb. 22 ASP entitled Friends, and Apathy. I would
like to make comments on them beginning with
Friends.

You say, "we feel angered by the letter written by
M. Griffith which is just as anti-white as she accusses
the other letter of being anti-black." Since you say
“we feel angered," I assume I am part of the we you
were speaking of and must correct you on this
assumption. I found Miss Griffith's letter to be quite
a challenge and spoken with an honest tongue.

Again you use we when you say ‘we always felt
equality and not superiority by either side was the
goal." You‘re wrong. l'm banging my head against
the wall trying to think of something we are equal
at and have come up with nothing. If you and I had
to compete in person for something, you would get
it before me. Now, we can get filthyabout it and go
to the ghetto for housing. Then my superiority
shows. 1'" get better treatment there because this is
what my skin color has subjected me to. You always
felt not equality or superiority by either side. The

I goal, Bull. You haVe more than equality now. Your
objective must be my reaching your present stan»
dard.

Now, regarding the subject of line breaking, this is
true. We (meaning everyone) do have a tendency to
treat our friends or close associates with more
respect than our fellow beings. If I let six people up
in front of me and you say nothing, this is showing
equal disrespect. Disrespect to me, you and the
people behind you. This is disrespectful to me
because now six more people are in front of me who
will get their trays before me. Disrespectful to the
people behind you because you didn't say a word,
just let it happen, and disrespectful to you because
you have a tongue and didn't use it, showing your
cowardice,

I agree with you when you speak against black and
white racism. if any more prevail, the United States
will haVe a wide scale revolutionary war. I say this
primarily because the situation alreadyexists. if you
find closing your eyes to reality helps you see less,
then keep them closed. Bul the problem is there.

Apathy

You say our “goal has changed from being
assimilated into and accepted within society on an
equal basis with the white man, to becoming a
nation completely separated from the white man."
From assimilated, l ltlkl' it you mean to absorb into
the cultural tradition of a population or group.

No hard feelings, but when something is absorbed,
it loses shape, You can either add In it or takc away
from it or ‘both. if we allow ourselves to bi.
absorbed into your cullurai lradition We lose our
heritage to you. We become cripples, relying on you
for our heritage.

I feel you fail to realize that each ethnic group has
a distinct culture binding it logether by similar
interest.

If we were allowed equality as so innny speak of,
there would be no such thing as one race being
superior over the other. Each race would be equal.
Naturally, from this inanlmeaning humans in gun-
ortll) will arise from both groups with outstanding
abilities. Economically, I feel we would haVe estab-
lishcd our ultimate goal. Socially. we may learn to
except one another's ways of social entertainment.

I would like to be shown the correct way oftloing
a thing, but doing it for me, i do not want. This is
why the black mail doesn't want to be helped by
the white man as you say.

As for smiling, I find it extremely hiiril to smile
when there's nothing in my mind to smile about. It"
l were to smile at everyone who smiled at me in the
course of a day, I would have to go to the doctor
for a muscle relaxer.

Remember friend, a smile lN nothing but ll gesture.

Matilda Lee
A Black Slater

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1971

Editorial Comment
Reform FSA!

The Faculty-Student Association will run into the
red this year. For most large corporations, this would
mean serious reconsideration of both prices and
expenses. This is not the case in FSA: while meat
rates continue to climb, no one makes any attempt
to lessen expenses.

One of the prime examples of this policy is the
meal allowance for Resident Assistants, who perform
little or no real service to FSA for the free
Breakfast-Lunch-Dinner that they receive. This bia-
tant misuse of coerced money must stop now. if
possible, a compromise should be reached, such .15
Lunch Only or Dinner Only plans for R.A.‘s. This
would ease the changeover in a year of increases in
the cost of education.

In any case, the resident student should not he
forced to hear another meal-price increase While that
4% surplus from Food Service is spent on such follies
as R.A. meals, Faculty/Administration recruitment,
and international Students.

FSA is a good idea, but between mismanagement
and the misappropriations of the “planned surplus"
it may fall before a slave-revolt of its prime victims:
the resident students of SUNY Albany.

This can’t be allowed to happen: FSA must be
reformed. An important first step is the elimination
of free meals for Resident Assistants. Let's sec some
action from the Board of Directors.

Constitutional Vote

The proposed Student Association constitution,
which comes to a vote early next week, is well Worth
your perusal. The separation of powers is .i great
improvement mm the current system, and lltc
constitution as a whole is more democratic and less
flawed than the one we now possess.

Since the proposal is such an improvement, and
because the bill requires the support of three-fifths ol
at least ISOO students to pass, everyone who possibly
can is urged to read carefully the detailed comparison
which will appear in Monday's ASP and then to vote
as he sees fit.

After this much work on the constitution has been
done, the .iVeragc student owcs it to himself and his
fellows to voice an opinion at the ballot box. Know
what you're voting about first, but vote.

 

 
   

 

albany student press

llu' ‘A‘lllvlllv ‘ilillll‘lil l‘m-.v. t‘, iiiiiiiiulneti lllll‘l' innw. |)I'l wi-i-k iiinnaj Hu'
twill-lin- wan lI'-il’|il iioiiini ll'tl“.‘,l|',l hy the ‘itiirli-Iit Awu i.ll|iili oi iii.
HUI" ll"|V|"‘-tlv til Ni-w Voit at Albany Ila: Snail-oi Aw" moon i‘.liu,tli‘ll
n: t'.iiii|iii-. [‘i‘iitvi Il/lfi iii I/liltl Wil‘.l||lll]l()l| [\vt-iiiii', /\|l).niv Nt'w Yuri
l.’/(i'l ‘niliuiiiiiliuii Hill“ in “f,” inn Vt'ill iii ‘llli iii-i ‘yl'ilil'hlt'l ‘;i-iiiiiil Ill”-
ilitllllllt) |I|‘lilill [il‘llllllllL Hilll‘JiilI ‘iim, N|'W York

mli‘lor—iiivi'liicj‘
tliomas g. cliiigan
Iiitiiiiigiiig cililiir (‘.\'t'('lt/Il'(' ct/i/or
. . t . . .aralynnabarc . , . . . .L‘ﬂmllllltd‘c‘
(ltll't'l'll.\'lllj,’ iiiiiiiiigci' iicwx (‘tIf/t'r . ,
. . . . . jcl‘frudgcrh , _ , , , V’lL‘bl/L'llll”
biii'i'iicxx iiiiiiiiigi'r ii.\‘.\'m'iiilc iii'wr l't/ffl ii'x _

. .roy lcu‘ls
inaida oringln‘r

. terry wolf

 . . . , , . chuck rihak
l.\.\'l.\'l(llll hil.\'lllt'.\‘.§' iiiiiiiiigcr

,. .  . . .pliilniark . ‘ ' ' '-
t't-liiiii'iil ctliiurr lumm'x "‘I’mr

. . .suc \‘cligson ‘ ' ' ‘ ' ‘dehb’lemlmmnhn
. dan wllllllms (Luiit'i‘mc j'ciiiiirt'x rill/or . .
- t . i . . ,warrcnwishart - l . . . . . jttllliltlll‘llilll
iiili'i'i'li'ii'iia fil_l‘illil iirls ('(IlfUI'

- ‘0'“ “Hides . lilida watcrs

r'i'ri'ii/uliiiii iiitiimgcr ther'ftl/U arts ctlilor . n
 ' - v - . sue faulkner - » . V . . . . iinclielc pale a
still/III/t'luni'jlml spur/s t'illlor |
- -. ‘ .dorotliy pliillip r v i . I . .robcrl rareiii m
gml’hh‘f t'u/iiniiis ('(fllill'
. . I .r
' - - - . - . . jon guttman , - - g - - l'-.l’ Wm"
photography Will!” my t’tflluf ‘k “I
' s . g
. . . . . . .jay roscnbcrg ' ~ ‘ v "1' f» '- l
nga Alhanv Student Press is the lonqost, permanent, llmllltm newspaper A”
[ I'VA. and Is currently hiding in CC 326. To call, ring 457-2190 or 219“
Twulch are but]th bv Davie the Duvill. More often than not Tuininv ttul
Cuff “I Who ""5 “pa” Inna" ‘0 "W “mm. is hiding at WSUA. The State
[30 :0" Nuws w“. osmmmwd i" "‘0 "Wild you! of the reign of King Abram
 richer the First. The name has been changed to ASP to prollicl the
am w. WM" w“ m" m" 0' ""W‘ “ml lWS. we steal from the Associated
Press. Pax Vohiscum.

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1971

Benezet Unsure of Funds for
Field House and West Podium

President Benezet expressed pes-
simism about the allocation of
funds for the West Podium exten-
sion and the Field House at the
Campus Forum on Tuesday after-
noon.

Benczct said that the State Uni-
versity authorities will decide, in
view of the available bonding ca-
pacity money, what will be con-
structed. The West Podium pro-
ject, President Benezet added, will
probably receive top priority
The Field House, however, will

have to wait at least until after
next year, when there will be
more bonding capacity money
due to the increased tuition reve-
nues.

The steering committee of the
Judicial Workshop. Benczet not-
ed, is prEsently working on the
details for the final proposal to
establish a brand new judicial
system within the University. As
many cases as possible involving
faculty, students, or administrat<
ors will be handled internally.

Tommy the Traveler

Charged With ‘Neglect’

CANANDAIGUA, NY. (AP)

— A special state grand jury

investigating Hobart College disorders accused former undercover

campus deputy Thomas "Tommy
neglect of duty.
The panel said in a special rcpo

planned campus arson to his sup

the Traveler“Tongyai Tuesday of

rt that Tongyai failed to report a
erior, Sheriff Ray 0. Morrow of

Ontario County, but rather reported it to other investigators.

The jury also said that during

student—police confrontation, Tongyai left his assi

minor arrests.

Tuesday’s special grand jury repr
that "certain persons were conspi
first degree in the City of Geneva.‘

The jury said Tongyai failed
member of another investigative
proposed arson was unsuccessful.‘

The incident referred to was the
on the Hobart campus in Geneva.

‘

The panel also referred in its repor

a campus drug raid proceeding a
gnmenl to make two

)rt said Tongyai learned last April

ring to commit the crime of arson,

to notify the sheriff, but told “a

body whose action to avert the
firebombing of the ROTC building

t to a campus drug raid last June

5. That was the day that seVeral hundred students swarmed around

police cars and authorities

finally released their prisoners, saying they
wanted to head off more serious trouble.‘
The report said Tongyai and other office

rs bad search warrants, but

said ’l‘ongyai left the search area without the sheriff‘s permission and

made l.W(l minor arrests.

"Tongyai‘s failure to participate ‘
diverting himself to nonrelated acttVitie

the report said.
Nurses March on

N YS Legislature

Claiming unfair treatment under
the law, New York State Nurses
marched on the State Capital on
’l‘ucsday, March 2nd. The march,
sponsored by the New York State
Nurses Association, was hoped to
pressure the NYS Legislature on
pending legislation redefining the
practice of nursing in this state.

The nurses are protest.ng the
fact that no new statutes have
been enacted since lillib and as a
result, the, archaic law has imped-

ed the full practice of their profes-

sion. Often nurses are forced to
make decisions in their practice
which under the old law are illcg-

al. This new bill also recognizes
nursing as a full profession in this I

state

The bill in qui-slion is sponsored
joinin by Stali- Senator l’isani
and Assemblyman liawrnc. 'l‘he
march included nurses from all
ovur NYS and after several spot-ch-

es in t‘npital l’ark, they returned I

home to work. h‘cvn-ral marchers
hoped to Incl-l with the (lovornor
in order to further their lobbying
efforts.

BlUE NOTE
RECORD SHOP
specializing in
‘llndcrgtotnul

'llcavy

' l ollx
‘ Blucs ‘
iAlS rpm (ioldcn ()ldics
i'iti l I'llllill Avl'llnl’
-\llh||w, New i’oit
462-0221

 

in his assigned duty and his
s constitutes neglect in office,"

This would keep the University
populace out of the civil courts
for offenses of a lesser degree than
felony. Harry Lee, an area attor-
ney, told a member of the work-
shop that a new body of law is
permitting university communities
to have their own judicial systems,
and that what is being done here
at Albany State is quite historic.

Two new administrators, Dr.
John Hartly the Vice-President of
Business Affairs, and Dr. Philip
Sirotkin, Vice-President of Acade-
mic Affairs were introduced
Tuesday. Dr. Sirotkin is presently
living on one of the quads and
describes his experiences there as
"stimulation."

V l
The Capitol
Continued from page 1

He noted with tongue in cheek
that the [970 legislature had desig-
nated the bluebird as the official
state bird.

Soon after that decision, Posncr
said, he learned that the bluebird
was becoming extinct in New
York.

“You put the kibosh on the
bluebird," the nsuemblyman told
his colleagues. "Now with Mr,
Henderson proposing to make
Albany the capital, I wonder if
we‘d be putting a hex on the city.
You name Albany the capital, and
you‘ll kill it."

His conclusion was to situate the
capital in the demographic center
of the state. According to Posner,
that would be in The Bronx some
where betWeen l65lh and l75th

stree ts.

 

junc 20 through August

 

contact Mi‘.R.1lph Bcislcr
Life, Campus Center Room l30 (457-6733).

Summer Planning Conference 1971

Conference Assistant Applications are now available in
the Office of Student Life, Campus Center, Room l30.
These positions will involve a time commitment from

l5, l97l. Remuneration will

consist of $500, plus room and board for the entire
conference period. Applications must be submitted by
March 23 in order to he considered. Applicants are
encouraged to submit applications as early .is possible in
order to cxpidite the selection procedure. For further
information about Suminci‘ Planning Conference, please
, Assistant Dean for Student

 

 

 

 

¥’F*’l‘

. quiniwrwis '

assessing“: .*****ar .N‘ was. . aw

SWALDEN COUNCHL PRESENTS :

3F¥T¥-...-... ..

Dr. Jerome Eckstein, head of the Judinc Studies Department [can

point across in class. mwloman

Judaic Studies Sparked
By Student Enthusiasm

by Stephanie Dikovics

Department head Jerome Eckstein feels that the spirit of the
students in the newly formed Judaic Studies program is the most
unique feature of the department. Judaic Studies was newly establish-
ed last September when even without prior publicity the number of
students enrolled was 160.

This semester 285 students are taking courses in Jewish history,
literature, philosophy, and language taught by instructors Temktn,
Abbo, Moskowitz, and Fckstein. Including the instructors, the
department consists of eight personnel, although because of a tight
budget it lacks a Bible specialist which Eckstein considers Vital:

In spite of the tight budget, the department is exploring the
possibility of a Junior year abroad program, and of making Judaic
Studies a major. The department has taken the initiative In areas
independent of the school's fiscal position: it has a progressive one
student-one faculty representation quota. This aspect of the depart-
ment has allowed the students to make a genuine contribution to
Judaic Studies, according to Eckstein.

 

Polgar the Amazing Hypnotist

Presents: "Miracles of the Mind”
‘ on March 5 at 8 PM in the cc Ballroom.

Sponsored by CCGB Funded by SA
60¢ with tax, $1.50 without

Tickets will be sold March 2-6
in the CC lobby and at the door.

 

 

 

 

Casino Royale 3
LC-23 j

; 25¢ with Swalden Tax

3 Friday and Saturday March 5 and 6
7:30 and 10 PM Each Night

75c without Tax

 

 

 

 

......*. .._;
'-

 

 

