< .. As omewmﬂ .

...o~.......... , . .


i
i
l
g
i

PAGE 2

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21, 1971

Student Peace Treaties a Hoax

by David A. Pietrusza
An ASP Column

Central Council at its latest meeting approved the so-called "Joint
Treaty of Peace Between the 0.8. and Vietnamese People." The treaty
is a product of the National Student Association, which had already
been presented at at least two area colleges -Siena (where it passed
overwhelmingly in both a student goVernment vote and a referendum)
and at St. Rose (where it was met mostly with indifference).

The treaty was supposedly negotiated by American students, the
North Vietnam Student Union, and the South Vietnam Liberation
Student Union. Now. exactly what right the students of these
countries have to negotiate for their respective people is hard to say.
It is also hard to say what right the National Student Association has
to speak up even for American students (since less than 25% of
America’s colleges and universities are members). It also may be
questioned as to how representative the North Vietnamese student
organization may be, functioning as it does in a Stalinist one party

state.

Also, reliable sources state that the South Vietnam Liberation
Student Union only exists on paper, that it represents no constitu-
ency. Indeed, none of South Vietnam‘s student unions (representing
the nation's four universities plus Catholic and Buddhist Student
Unions) gave formal approval to the treaty.

The treaty contains the following points: a U.S.-North Vietnamese
withdrawl and the toppling of the present Saigon government. In
return, the VC pledges a coalition government and democratic
elections, the neutrality of Laos and Cambodia, and only the promise
of negotiations on the release of POW's and the "safety" of those
South Vietnamese who have “collaborated” with the US. and the
safety of American troops being withdrawn.

The plan has certain llaWs. First. through some oversight, no
cease-fire is called for between North and South Vietnamese. Very
forgetful. Other lapses of memory also occur, usually in regard to the
reality of the historical situation of South Vietnam, Critical items
forgotten include: the US. South Vietnamese offer for a total
cease-fire on October 30, 1970; the South Vietnamese proposals of
exchanges of POW's of December, 1970. (which included as a symbol
of sincerity the release of 1,000 North Vietnamese POW'S); the
continued North Vietnam-Viet Cong violation of Laotian and Cam-
bodian neutrality dating at least from the early 60’s; the VC lack of
concern for cease fires and for the safety of "collaborators" as
evidenced by eVents in the city of Hue during the 1968 Hue ceasefire,
and the eventual fate of prior coalitions in Vietnam.

Viewed thusly, the “Treaty of Peace" is a cruel jest on the South
Vietnamese people and on the realities of the situation. Rather than
being a harbinger of Peace, it is a propoganda tool to be used in
subjecting South Vietnam [and possibly Laos and Cambodia) to

totalitarian rule.

 

ORANGE BLOSSOM JEWELLERS
239 Cenirdl Avenue. Albany
434—8444

.lllagniﬁccnl It'ngugemcnr R ingi'
Beau rifirl ll’cdding R {rigs
"Ear Piercing Service "

 

 

 

NEED HELP?

Upstate Abortion
Referral Service

Our service can provide a safe,
legal alternative to your prob-
lem with minimum cost and
delay.

518-785-8189

$195 $l‘)5
Open 7 days :1 week

 

 

 

STUDY SOUNDS

IMPROVE GRADES

Imprmrl nun-i wrin- Dnvollng

rm Same Ammmi or 'lml n. Study
USE STUDY SOUNDS

Incrll You! to L

Von! Lumpwnannun

ELKCTRO ICAL V

CAUSE THI

Study At A r.
PRODUCED SOUNDS
5 TO HAPPEN

’r
by

Nana
Sound County“, in: —
cnnriminniie. v- 129a?

 

by Mitchell Frost
Young Americans for Freedom
Ari ASP Column

How can one approach the idea of an indepen-
dently drawn up treaty (independent of the U.S.
Senate, the only organization which can sign a
treaty for the United- States legally and constitu‘
tionally) whose major purpose, it appears, is to
demonstrate some sort of solidarity with the “Viet-
namese people?” Naturally, the Joint Treaty of
Peace Between the US. and Vietnamese People can
only claim to have the support of those Americans
who sign it. (Treaties ratified by the Senate osten-
sibly represent us all). But who are the Vietnamese
with whom the signers are allying themselves?
Certainly I cannot envision a legion of American
radicals trooping through the jungles of Vietnam
soliciting signatures for this treaty. So where does
the support in Vietnam come from? Who are the
"Vietnamese people” with whom this treaty unites
“us?”

Perhaps this excerpt from Nulion, Dec. 21, 1970
will help us on this point. “On Sunday, November
29, a group of a dozen college student-boo,
presidents and campus leaders, headed by David
Ifshin (president of the National Student Associa-
tion) and Keith Parker of the University of Indiana,
left for Hanoi, where they arrived two days later
(changing planes in Moscow) and stayed until
December 13. In Hanoi, they met with North
Vietnamese student representatchs to negotiate the
first part of a peace treaty between the students of
North and South Vietnam and the students of the
United States."

“On December 2} , the two American groups (The
second group was to go to South Vietnam but was
unable to obtain visas) will meet in Paris with
Madame Binh, chief delegate of the Provisional
Revolutionary Government at the Paris peace talks,
and Xuan Thuy, head of the North Vietnamese
delegation, to announce that an agreement has been
reached."

So, in a nutshell, the Peoples Peace Treaty is really
nothing short of a full concession to the com-
munists‘ demands. So what, you say“? So plenty!
Don‘t let anyone fool you. The Thieu-Ky govern-
ment is nol widely loathed among “the people" of
South Vietnam, and they, the people, certainly are
not eagerly awaiting lhe arrival of a coalition (read:
communist) takeover, no matter what the New Left
might have you believe, Bernard Wolff, Vietnam
veteran (1967-1968), described (in Naliorml Review,
March 9. 197l) the political situation in Vietnam as
“the people" see it: “In a (remote village in
Vietnam), people tend to identify with the local
branches of the government, rather than the
mystical national government located in the great
city of 01.. otherwise known as Saigon. This is
primarily due in the tradition in Vietnam of having
locally oriented and based government, with the
most government inﬂuence being placed in the
hands of the village chief One would expect,
therefore, a Viclnumcse in a remote area to concen-
trate his crilicisms on the village chief first, the

dislrit'l chicf second etc, with the national govern-
ment fur down the list."

So if local authority and semi-autonomy is the key
to politics in Vietnam Now, how might it be under a
communist government? If the destruction of Hue is
any example, it should be obvious to all but the
mentally bereft that the communists allow no
deviation from the Hanoi line on the part of any
village chiefs—the chiefs who now, under the Thicu.
Ky administration, hold the real key to self-govern-
ment for the people in Vietnam. How many
innocent civriians were murdered, and remote ham»
lets burned to the ground when "the peopk.“
resisted the Viet Cong—the wonderful and, oh. so
popular Viet Cong?

It’s a sad fact, but the Viet Cong operates in Snuih
Vietnam and recruits much of its “support” in the
same way the Ku Klux Klan operates in our South
The key to success, for both Organizaitons. is four;
and the dissenters can be found in any of 1hr-
countless ditches beside the ruined hult‘hcs lhzil
oncc housed the innocent peasant farmers who
refused to cooperate with the VC. This is the rule,
rather than the exception; policy, rather ihim
deviation, and the major reason there arc no
courts-martial in Hanoi for these murderers.

And so I approach the People‘s Peace Tumu-
somewhat amused at phrases like: "We hereby illll'l‘l‘
to end the war on the following terms so that high
peoples can live under the joy of indt‘pendcnr'c and
can devote themselves to building a society buer rm
human equality and respect for thc czirlli.” and
somewhat disturbed that so many sludcnls lulluw
unquestioningly like sheep and sign the lrczrty, lflll)
believing that what they‘re told is ll'lli' So mnl'idvni
that a withdrawal of American forces Will bring
about a change in the VC, and that the) \l'lll
become the benign and benevolent reformers truly
interested in building “a society bust-(l on lllllll.i|l
equally and respect for the earth."

But \iith American forces gonc, the V(‘ wrll lum-
what they've long awaited: total control No di-nin
cracy. No equality. No respect for the iimvluumn-(l
Vietnamese tradition of local control. And what Wlll
“the people" hiiVe'? The totalitarianism which mllxl
inevitably creep into a controlled stx‘ll‘l)’, ilu-
oppression and terror which now manifests itself Ill
the VC's "recruitment‘. policy. And for those who
think this is the whole of it, here's a reminder from
David Dillenger: for the purposes of cmivciui-nm-
please send all letters and packages inlcndcd for
American POWs in Hanoi by way of AIUSL'H“
Hmmm.

So it makes me wonder what the real n1()ll\‘t‘.~ .lrl‘
behind this treaty. Do the organizars of this prop-vi
really want to "help" the “Vietnamese people”
Are they truly interested in initiating it lasiiug
peace? (Certainly no peace will come as a result of
this Treaty,. Or, as I suspect, do the originulurs nl
the Joint Treaty of Peace Between the U S .ind
Vietnamese People merely desire to embarrass Illl‘
President. "Sec. We negotiated 1| pcucc .willvnu-nl
Now why can't you?“ No mailer what [he llliill\'l'\
behind each cosigncr (and I'm sure many signer»
truly believe that they zirc somehow contributing In
the peace movement) the originators of (he irmli
are out to shed some bad light on Pri-snlr-ni NiXonK
own efforts to obtain a fair pciicv fair in llii'
Vietnamese people. And that's all lliun- is In ll

 

FOLK

Admission FREE

 

(lauded by the classes)

University Concert Board

IN CONJUNCTION WITH

PRESENTS

ALEX TAYLOR
Thurs, April 22 at in PM
cc FORMAL GARDENS

,ILUES

Friday, April 23 at 9 PM
SUNYA GYM
$2 with tax $4 without

Black Weekend & Spring Weekend

JAZZ
PHAROAH ssuoms

8. LLET A MBULU‘
Sat, April 24 at 9 PM

SUNYA GYM
$1.50 with tax $3 without

JOHNNY WINTER
& T-REX

TICKETS on sale rtartlng April l5, In CC lobby Irom

IO—2

 
   
 
    

YSA is sponsoring "(‘risis of
American Imperialism and the
Struggle for Socialism in llll‘
'70's," by Linda Jl‘llt'hat‘ of llll'
Socialist Workers I’zirly ti pm
on Thursday. April 2‘3 in l.(‘ ‘30

 

TOMORROW I5

funded by
student tax

 

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21, 1971
Psychiatrists Debate
Danger of Marijuana

by CC. McDaniel
AP Science Writer

Two psychiatrists say they have found that young
people who smoke marijuana in moderate to heavy
amounts may develop serious psychological prob-
lems.

But two other leading psychiatrists expressed
doubts about their report, published in the April 19
issue of the Journal of the American Medical
Association.

“I think they and the AMA should be put in jail,"
said one critic, Dr. Solomon H. Snyder, professor of
psychiatry and pharmacology at Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore.

Ho and Dr. Richard C. Pillard, associate profcssor
of psychology at Boston University, questioned
whether the study prcscntcd sufficient cvidcncc to
prove it direct connection between marijuana smok-
ing and mental illness. A

The authors of the report, Dr's. Harold Kolnnsky
and William T. Moon- 0f the Philadelphia Associzr
lion l'oi' Psychoanalysis, presented their observations
of Jill young patients. who used marijuana and who,
they say, previously h 11d shown no signs (if mcnlzil
illness.

'l'hi-y said nuirijuunii smoking in the Unilud Sluice;
“has now i‘t‘ilK‘lii'fi alarming proportions," with
cslinuilr-s ranging from It! in ‘20 million young
usvis.

Thu psyrliiiitrisls midi-(l, “We hnvc non-d ilic
openness of marijuana smoking, which may indicate
ll li'cnd toward moi'l- universal use of llic drug."

l“l'()nl limb In 1970, they wrote, there was 21
si‘wnblc incruusc in i'I-l'ci'i'iils lo lhcm of individuals
who dcvcliipcrl psychological problems iifli'r they
started smoking Tmtl‘ljllllllil.

Kriliiiisky and M()()l't' said they haivc sot-n nthci‘
patients who dcvclupcd more Sl‘VL'l‘l‘ problcms after
using marijuana along with LSD and other drugs,
but they coiil'iiicd Lhcii' sludy to lhnsc who used
only marijuana.

'l‘licy i'i-poi'li-d on ‘10 mull-s and IN I'i-nuill-s, nch
III In 2.1. Most smoked lllill‘ljllilllil lwu or lll()I'|'
limos II wm-k and smoked two or more inurijuunn

 

cigziri-llm; l'llt‘ll Ill'lll'.

Vietnam Veterans Support
Immediate End to War

by Don Mchud
:‘SSlH'lllll‘d I’r‘css lI’I‘rlci'

WASHINGTON (AP) How-ml
lllllllll‘l'll fuliguv ('iilll Vll‘lllillll
\'1‘Il'l’i|ll> puiimvd ll Scuuli- lil'ui'iiig
room liulny illlll i'lici-rcd \Vlll'll
Sun (iciii'gc McGovern, I)-H.l).,
and others i'nllcil for :in llllllll‘tli'
:ili- (“lid to llui liuluchinn wnr.

“liiglil on, limlhcr," sovvrul of
Ill(‘ vr-Icriins sliiiulcd :is [buy giivc
il prolonged, slundiiig ovnlinn lo
lVIt'GUVi-rn's li'slimiiuy hul'ui‘i- llll‘
Senate Foreign Rclulions (Your
miltuc.

The Veterans wcru uniting mori-
lluiii l,(ll)ll Visit-runs Agziiiisl lhc
Will‘ who lll't' in Wrisliinglim [his
‘.\'|'(‘l( for pt‘lll‘l‘ (li‘iiionslriilions.

lVl('(iI)V('l'll is sponsoring lt‘glslu-
lion lhul would ll‘I'llllllllll’ lel
funding for US military ll|)l'l'll'
Innis iii liidm'liiiui :il‘li-r llci'. ill
llis proposal is ()III' of si-vvii the

Foreign Ilcliilliiiis l‘riiiiiiiilii-i' in“
gain hearings on lmluy.

liminiiiig lll'UlHll)’ ul llu- volt-runs
chm-rs, (‘Ulllllllllt't' i'luiii‘iiuui J.W,
l"u|liriglil_ I) l\l‘li., wclcuiiiud

  
     
       
     
    

Drop Now I

'l‘lic I-lSl day In drop d
class is 4:00 pin. the his!
day dial the class mccls.
The day of the final
examination is "(H con-
sidered lo bc .i class
meeting so drop cards
must be in to llic regis-
lr.ir by 4:00 pm. lllC last
day llldl the class inccls.

 

   

llll‘lll lo llic Iicni‘iiig and nskcd
lhi-m ln he only “i‘vusuiiubly
quivl."

Sr-ii. (‘lil‘l'oi'd (Else, ll-N.J., snid
ho was Imlhcrcd by language in
he h‘li-(‘mvcrii-llzill'icld :imciid-
llll‘lll which i'i-fci'i'cd in [he Viol-
nnm Will' (IS n mistake.

“I am “Hi 0110 who thinks we
want in wilh n desire to do evil,"
(Tuar- suid. “Our intentions were
good." (liisi- said it was unfortun-
IIIl‘ lllill “wc liczil ourselves ovcr
llii- lu-iid because of involvement
in Indochina.“

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

  

\

the..

.I
/
M
‘
p

ii

«hock berg

University Groups to Sponsor
Campus- Wide Blood Drives

by Liz Elscsscr

A University-wide blood drch
will [)0 marked by two blood-
mobilcs [his spring. On Friday,
April till, the dance studio of [he
gym will be cmwertcd into it
bloodmobilc and then on May ‘I
APA will sponsor its annual blood
bank in the Campus Center Bullv
mum Hours for each will be
from 0 mm. to II p.m. As in paisl
yours, u kcy will be offered to the
(in-ck group or dorm tliul donates
lhc Inosl blood.

Earlier this your lwo olhci' blood
hunks Wl‘l't' llt'ld, sponsored by
faculty wives. About 250 pinls
wr-rr- collected during a lwn day
period. The paisl yciu‘s h:in shown
an zivcrugc of 500-560 donors per
day. In Ullt' day about -lfi0 donors
can lH' comfortably handled. This
will make lwu blood banks an
iidvziiiliigc.

The April 23rd blood bank is
being coordiniitcd by Mrs.
Norton, :1 nurse with many years
of i-xpuricncc. She vulunicci‘s her
scrviccs oncc il month for this
piii‘pusc. Instciid of lhc Red Cross
supplying the cookies, the faculty
wives will [)0 linking them as well
as being the volunteers. Student
nurses will help out along with an
lnl‘ii'mury nurse. Norton feels that
this is [he only way to make the
blood bank an illl-Cllllllllls event,

She has commted that the cum-
pus has been most cooperative,
but that the whole program needs
pulling logether.Thc different
classes and APA fraternity spon-
stir blood banks each year, but
none of these are coordinated
undcr one head. Blood is always
needed so that organization and
expansion of the program is in the
best inlcrcst of the program. If

University Senate

continued from page I

estimated cost for thc ycnr will be
about $2,600 in addition to the
tuition of Albany Slilll‘ Uiiivcr~
sily. Thc State Regents has set

IState University tuition zit $550

pL‘l‘ your for the 197172 academic
your. The cosl for the study your
includes transportation.

The Senate also passed ll “Sense
of the Senate" resolution recom-
mending llllll the Depurlmciit of
'l‘rzinsporlution erect slop signs
“zil cut-h of the pedestrian exits
from the north side of the Acu-
(lcmic Podium onto the Eust»West
access mud."

The University Sciuitc scheduled
tis final meeting for May 3 at 3
pm. The University Senate mcm-
bcrs clcctcd next week will organ-
ize on May 6 but cannot not until
after June 30.

the same people stuffed each, the
students would like it even more,
feels Norton.

Last year‘s blood helped a great
deal in heart surgery and kidney
machines. The blood is subdivided
to diffcrent uses so many people
are benefited. The plasma, plate-
lets, red cells, and white cells can
be separated, facilitating use on
Sl‘VDl‘lll patients. However, blood is
in great demand. Students are
advised to plun' on an hour for
the whole process and to cut at
least four hours before. If you
have 11 Red Cross card, bring it.
But most of :ill—be there!

 

 

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
IBM Sclcclric 'I‘ypcmi'ilcr
IL‘.\'[1(-riciiccrl in all lypcs of
Doc/oral Disscrlulions
I' as], lhzi‘ioiirliililu Sen/ice
limisuriuhle Hales
Call 462-5283 Day or Evenin

 

 

 

ABORTION

can be less costly than you may
think, and pregnancies of up to
12 weeks can be terminated for
$175.00
including doctors lees, labora-
tory tests, all medication 8i
referral tee. Hospital and Hos-
pital affiliated clinics only. Sale,
Confidential, Immediate.
call

(212) 833-0710

24 hours — 7 days
Women's Aid 8i Guidance Group
40 E. 54m 5L, N.Y., NY. 10022

 

 

Set-nomination forms are
now available for..

Alumni Board
Central Council
Class Oil

MYSKANIA

Forms are available in CC 346 from 9-5 daily. The
deadline for returning the forms is Friday, April 23rd at 5 pm.

President 8.
Vice President of
irers Student Association*
Universin Senate

'Petltion needed-

plok up at CC 346

 

 

i

Elections will be held April 28-29-30.

'..i.-i...iunu‘uniii

in
U

 

 

