 
       

,

4%“ r-’13rcr-Msﬂ¥-sva 

.. Wﬁlﬂtw:wie~wu ..

"g
I

 
 

- x}: .r. - "I Am M.AAA”AA.¢W-- _ _. _ .

   

PAGE-1,0. 
 EducatiOn
Nevertheless

by Barr Kirschner
AnAS Column

Once upon a time there was a movement. The movement was
founded by people who wanted to change things about the world they
saw as bad. The originators of the movement were young, idealistic
and naive. They chose as their first task,(at changing the world), to
make their country offer the same advantages for everyone.

Many of the movement’s activists flocked to where the inequality
was most severe. They put their bodies in places local authorities did
not like to see them. Sometimes for doing this they got sprayed by
fire hoses, or terrorized by dogs, but they continued. Some of them
were even murdered. Even most non- activists viewed this as
unfortunate. Eventually out of this activity, the movement got words
on official government paper, but more important than this, it got an
education. I »

The next target the movement attacked was a distant military
venture. It first turned its energies towards seeing that the peddler's
grandson from Arizona would not bring about his proposed policies.
This apparently worked, but ultimately, it did not. The movement
had been frustrated, but more important than this, it got an
education.

Then the movement turned its energies towards ousting the men
responsible for all the trouble. Many trimmed their shabby locks.
They knocked on doors and handed out leaflets promoting the
people’s poet. And for a while it looked like success was theirs, but it
wasn’t. All of the activist's canvassing brought no substantial change,
but more important than this, it was an education.

And when they sensed impending defeat, they went to Chicago to
plead their cause and demonstrate their concern one more time. The
plea fell on deaf ears and the demonstration turned into a brawl.
Those in the movement were beaten, bludgeoned, bloody, and beaten
again. The movement had been repudiated by authority, but more
important than this, had received an education.

The movement had one last fling at petitions and letters, but
couldn't attract attention away from a football game. They had seen
the pig control the streets, the ox lead the country, and were prepared
for the clown in the courthouse. Somebody had a bright idea fora
bank in California. Someone else wanted to add some light to an
R.O.T.C. building in Ohio. Some others were murdered. The
movement lost a few of its members, but what an education for the
nation!

For a while the mOVement picked up speed, but then there was
nothing. Most of the new members were temporary, people who
identified with slaughter on a Campus, but not in another nation or
socio-economic level. For a while these new people encouraged the
movement greatly, but they were unwilling to make a lasting
commitment. They departed, sometimes thanking the more perman—
ent members for the education received.

And the world still needed to he changed. There was still
extravagance and poverty. War continued. Society was still cold,
inhumane, heartless, wicked, and corrupting. But quite a few people
realized this they had been educated.

 

 

Free School Presents
D.W.Grifﬁth’s

BROKEN BLOSSOMS

Hu I37 tonite

FRE

7pm

 

 

 

 

 

, Lookinglo buy something? Ilirc somebody? 1
0 Rent 1| house? (jut A job? Bcsl plate to look

to lind what you're seeking lastcst is the

Classified Section of the Albany Student I’rcss.

‘ A few minutes spcnt scanning thcst‘ .ids can ,
pay off handsomely to you!

1 To Place A Want Ad 1

cells-57:21.90

 

 

 

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvv vvvv vv

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1971

 

. . . BECAUSE, AFTER All, THIY Wlll JUST COOKS

But perhaps we teamed the lessons to be learned.

      
  

 

 

The Decision-Maker,“ 

by lrk Tauljol
An ASP Column

Last Thursday, while meandering through the
third lloor of the Administration building, I came
across a small door leading to a staircase, Knowing
that the building was only three stories high, I
wondered where an “up” staircase could possibly
lead. I followed the thirteen steps to another,
smaller black door. There was no window, only a
small sign which read,“4l3. Office of Question-
able Activities." Cau tiously, I opened the door.

It was a very low-ceilinged room with a single
desk and a great many little black file cabinets. A
very old man in a Stovepipe hat and a cutaway
coat was sitting at the desk, eating what looked
like an egg salad sandwich. “For Jehovah ‘s sake,
CIOSL' that door,” he said, “'l‘here's no heat on
this floor!"

llc scurried over to a pot-bellied stove with
remarkable speed for someone so short and aged.
Pushing another stick of wood into the coals, he
declared ,“Always so dangcd cold in here!" Then
he stopped as if he’d remembered something, and
turned. “What are you doing lu-I't-‘IWhaI do you
want‘.’Nohody comes here, nobody!" So I told

him thal curiousity had led me to his door. “What
exactly do you do here? I asked.

“I got all the nasty jobs nobody wants.
\Vlil‘liI‘VUI‘ there's a decision to be made that
nobody wants to make, they call me." He
indicated a small, wooden receiver on the di'sk.
“It only hurt/.05 two or three times a year, except.
for times like last spring." For a man with only
two or three problems a your, lil‘ certainly had a
lot of paperwork. l mentioned this to him. “Oh,
that. That‘s just everyday, routine things, like

parking regulations, tenure decisions, budch cuts.
All Illl' llllll' problems."

Just then a bell rang. He got. up and walked to a
small shell" and he opened it and read the message.
“Bah, another building!" He added, apparently
for my benefit, “I decide the priorities for Sptlct',
you see." Somehow, he didn't SL‘I'm to thrilled hv
the privilege. “There are many people," I said,"
who would gch anything to decide the space
allotments in University buildings." He scowled,
“I know that, but it's me that they always make
decide, and I get none of the benefits. No meals in

fancy restaurants, no conferences in big hotels, no
State carriages, not even a decent office!"

I decided to ask about another topic, since he
was rapidly losing what patience he had. “On
what do you base all of your decision? "Critic!"
screamed the little man,“You think its all by
chance, do you not? Well, look at these, my good
man. Studies! Plans! These are my guides!” I
glanced at the thick heavily bound books. “Master
Plan for the State Normal School" by Jedadiah
Heaps; "Ideas in Educationne" by Ezekiel For-
sytte; and the famous "Planne of the Colonye" by
the Puritan scholar, Riggorre Mortis. "Aren‘t they
a bit dated? 1 coughed through the dust. “Solid
works!" thundered the administrator, whose grey
face was turning slightly pinkish. i didn't contest
the statement.

“You said something about the disturbances
last spring. What part did you play in that? He
sat up and looked as if he was recalling some
happy time long ago. "Those were the days.
Firings, invasions, problems everyday.” Then his
expression changed. “Then the school closing.
And they didn't. even tell me. I found out last
October!" He sounded very let dowans he sat
there, scowling quietly to himself, l tried to think
of something to cheer him. Suddenly the little
brown box on the desk buzzud, and he made such
a wild leap for it that. I thought surely he‘s have a
coronary. I got. to my feet and fumbled my way
to the door. Looking around me, l cautioust
(ipt‘lit'tl the door and made my escape. As I closed

it behind me, I heard the ho): say,“DocIor Bcnezet
needs to see you.H The old grey man squcakcd
hack to it,“Bunazct‘PBnnasett'PI don’t. know any
Bunszirclt I!"

The old

man himself.

  

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1971

.ALBANY STUDENT mass

PAGE 1-1

 

f

Harold Pinter 's "The Birthday Party " will be presenled this
Saturday, April I7, at 8:30 (mu. (m the main stage of the PIA. C.

  

 

For ticket information, call 45 7- 7535.

Off Campus Events:

 

LITTLE BIG MAN

by Tom Quidey

It is a constant frustration
searching for superlatives to des-
cribe impressive motion pictures.
Yet it is an injustice to inade-
quately describe the power and
beauty of a film that deserVes
such a review. The pitfall of
course is needless repetition. The
virtue is the truthful recreation of
the aesthetic experience (or aes-
thetic prejudice) felt by the re-
Viewer.

With all pseudo-apologies aside
it must be said that LI'I'I‘LE BIG
MAN, based on the novel by
Thomas Berger, is the most am-
bitious, sprawling, "relevant" wes-
tern epic produced by a major
film studio in many a moon. It
must also be said that it frequent-
ly turns into an historically inac-
curate, semi-legendary glamor-
ization of Indian degredation at
the hands of the white man.
Somewhere in between the fact
and diction lies one of the greatest
American film of the past two
decades.

This candid bit of overpraising
leads us to the basic reason for the
film's triumph. Director Arthur
Penn, whose past efforts have also
dealt with historical fact as le-
gend, is the primary target for
praise and condemnation. His 0-
ther films have explored this terri-
tory before only on a much more
subdued and superficial scale. He
directs this massive effort with
great integrity, humor, and
humanene surely proving his ad-
vanced maturity as a director who

Jean Shepherd At R.P.|.

Radio station WRPI(FM) of
Troy is presenting the concert
“An Evening With Jean Sheps
herd” on Friday, April 16 at the
'87 Gym on the R.P.I. campus.
The concert will feature New
York City’s humorist-Jean Shep-
herd whose unique style of enter~
tainment is heard on his nightly
radio program on radio station
WOR in New York.

Jean Shepherd is a product of

piled anthologies, acted in numcr»
ous Off-Broadway and Broadway
productions including NEW
FACES OI" IElG‘Z, Shepherd in
this instance taking some pride in
the title of “The Oldest New Face
on Broadway”. He has appeared
in musicals and revues, lectured at
Yale, NYU, CCNY and at Prince-
ton and has partially learned to
play the guitar. His articles and
shorts stories havu appeared in

the great American Midwest, a pLAYBOY‘mWN AND COUN.
fact which he never tires of at- TRY, THE sATURDAY RE.
tempting to eradicate. Ceaselessly VIEW' FIELD AND STREAM,
he has worked, particularly in CAR AND DR1VER,NAT[ONAL

 

 

 

Interest Meeting
for the

Ebenezer Howard Project

Thursday, April 15

at 4 PM in CC 320.

 

Only ALI. Panasonic
Store In The State
"LISTENING PLEASURE
YOU CAN AFFORD"

(I lel‘ S

“I‘lelvllllli | llIt'Vr/lliylt'Hlluw'”

In l'lu’ \Ilin \lall .v\t
Mohawk Mall, Si'lu-nei'loih
'lt'l (Illlll :llll ~Illiil
()pi'n ll) 00 a in I“ ‘.l 'lll p lli
Monday 'l'liru Saturda)

  
  
   
 

 

 

later years, to draw about him a
veil of sophistication poise and
culture, and has only partially
succeeded. For this reason he is
still on WOR at the inconvenient
and unwieldly hour of 10:15
p.m., 10:05 p.m. on Saturday.
Apart from Shepherd’s known
ability at story-telling which has
established his program to the
New York listening audience, he
has also proven himself as an
author of note. His first book “In
God We Trust—All Others Pay
Cash” was a best-seller, and his
second book is due to be pub-
lished early this fall. His stories of
humor have been published in
Playboy Magazine and he was
recently appointed as a contribut-
Ing editor as a result. Realizing
that the only way to avoid annih-
ilation in this fast-moving world is
to diversify, Shepherd has also
written film scripts, plays; com-

DROPPING?

The last day to dropa class
4:00 pm the last day that then:
Class meets. The day of the final‘:l
examination is not consideredlﬁ
to be a class meeting so de ':
cards must be in to the registrarﬂ:

I
I
I
I
H

   

  

by 4:00 pm the last day that}:
the class meets.

 

LAMPOON, MADEMOISELLE,
AUTOMOBILE QUARTERLY,
METRONOME, and many other
top magazines. For several years
he was a regular columnist for
THE VILLAGE VOICE and THE
REALIST. His latest venture is his
own television series, JEAN
SHEPHERD‘S AMERICA, a half-
hour full color series on the PBS
network. This show features Shep-
herd's peculiarly profound and
humorous view of what he calls
the “underbelly of American cul-
ture". (Premiered April 11th on
Channel 17). As a television per-
fomrer he has also been host and
moderator of THE DISSENTERS
on the CBS network, as well as
making many guest appearances
on THE TONIGHT SHOW, THE
MERV GRIFFEN SHOW, THE
DICK CAVE’I'I‘ SHOW, THE
JACK PAAR SHOW, I‘VE GOT A

SECRET, KRAFT THEATRE,
PM EAST, THE TODAY SHOW,
and many others. His own WOR
television show INSIDE JEAN
SHEPHERD is still a legendary
part of the Showbiz mystique.

Recently Jean Shepherd taught
a course at New York University.
The course, part of the Graduate
School Curriculum in the depart-
ment of Speech and Communica—
tions, was called “The communi-
cations Revolution and American
Culture” and was the first time
that such a course was taught by a
true Multi-Media man rather than
an academic theoretician. He is
currently at work on his third
novel for Doubleday, THE
SECRET MISSION OF THE
BLUE-ASSED BUZZARD and on
two non-fiction projects, JEAN
SHEPHERD'S AMERICA (Dodd
Meade) and a book on Ham
Radio. Both non-fiction books
will be released in 1971-72. His
second novel WANDA HICKEY'S
NIGHT OF GOLDEN MEMO-
RIES, AND OTHER DISASTERS
will be published by Doubleday in
September.

The blanket concert will take
place Friday, April 16, at 8:30
pm. at the ’87 gym on the R.P.I.
campus. Tickets are $2.00 and are
availble at Van Curler's in Albany,
the R.P.I. Student Union, the
studios of WRPI, or at the door
on the night of the performance.
Contact WRPI at 270-6248 for
more information.

 

ly lookin I

 

Summer Jobs

CAMP DIPPIKILL GOVERNING BOARD is current-
for summer assistants to work at Camp
Di ikill or thc summerofl .
fullptime for it) weeks commencing on june 15:. The
work will be mainly outdoor labor assrsttn the
caretaker in such projects as
construction, trail and ground
gathering, etc. ‘Any student intch
an interview to: William Jones, Camp Board chairman

PO Box till—AA, SUNYA, Albany, N. Y.

971. Thc positions will be

log cabin and came
5 maintainance, fire wood
stud should write for

 

 

can not‘only handle'vital issues,
but who can also create a legend-
ary panorama of western culture
to illustrate those Issues.

This newest assault on western
"white" morality explores the life
span of one Jack Crabb, a man at
home in both the white and In-
dian cultures but unable to belong
to either one. Crabb, played with
fantastic energy by Dustin Hoff-
man, is captured by the Cheyenne
in childhood, returns to the white
world as an adolescent, and fluc-
tuates between both cultures for
the rest of his life. His obervations
and acquaintances are the sub-
stance of his story told in a
flashback- voice over narration
form.

Crabb is a survivor, an oppor-
tunist, a human carnival of talent
and trickery in the art of staying
alive. He has seen the treacherous
vanity of General Custer; the an-
xious death watch of Wild Bill
Hickok who awaits for a gun-
slinger, just a bit faster than him-
self, to confront him in that last
showdown. Crabb has been the
assistant for one Allardyce T.
Meriweather, a snake oil shyster
who literally pays for his money
making hoaxes with arm and limb.
He has also escaped the clutches
of a hellfire preacher and his
virtuous wife who later opts for a
life of easy virtue.

He learns the value of a human
life in his most important relation~
ship with Old Lodge Skins, the
chief of the Cheyenne whose
prime objective is to keep the
“human beings" alive and safe
from the destructive pioneerr pro-

ESE.

Calder Willingham's mature
and humorous script provides this
contrast, between the merciless
survivors and the exploited inno-
cents, in an attempt to shed some
revealing light on that most an-
cient of western cultural myths,
the “pioneer spirit". The people
populating this film are not much
more than demythologized carica-
tures of noble mythological

figures. The reputable gunfighterl
are fast on the draw but neuroti-
cally glance over their shoulders.
The Bible thumpen are Christian
cutthroata whethere they bring
the word of God or the industrial
commerce of the east coast.

The only poorly developed epi-
sodes involve the egomania of
General George Custer. Granted
his inhuman attitude toward any-
thing non-white is historically ac-
curate, but to depict him as a
circus side show chauvinist is a bit
ridiculous and untrue. Actor Rich-
ard Mulligan plays him like a
Barnum and Bailey freak, striking
the only sour note in the produc-

S.‘

0The rest of the performances,
especially those of Dustin Hoff-
man and Chief Dan George are
splendid. Hoffman outdoes him-
self in the demanding and expan-
sive role of thewcunning Jack
Crabb. He demonstrates his widest
range of talent as a comic and
dramatic actor, turning in his best
performance since he whined his

way to fame as Ratso Rizzo. It is 

Chief Dan George as Old Lodge
Skins who is the heart and soul of
this film. The honorable and dig-
nified actor portrays the character
as man of sage and wit whose only
wish is to seek comfort and peace
for his people. The performance ls
nothing less than brilliant.

Martin Balsam, Jeff Corey, and
Faye Dunaway head a largely un-
known supporting cast who are all
uniformly excellent. Harry Strad-
ling Jr‘s widescreen cinemato-
graphy is evocative of the sweep-
ing panorama of the unspoiled
western plains. John Hammond’s
folk score creates the appropriate
historical atmos here.

LITTLE BIgMAN is a master-
ful achievement by a renown dir-
ector, writer, and accomplished
cast. Anyone with an ounce of
compassion. a sense of humor and
a powerful disgust for human bru-
tality and folly will find this
movie one of the best satires on
western mores that they are likely
to see this year.

 

A program designed to involve

tourists.

Mademoisellees et Messieurs
ﬂue vous manque-t-il dans votre me?
A Summer In PARIS With Sarah Lawerence

when it is at its best...its theatres, galleries, concerts, operas in full
function....lunc 18 to July 29..

Courses in Art History, Litumtnre, Philosophy — (both Modem

you totally in the City of Paris

.a program for enthusiasts, not

    

and Classical) 7 and an intensive French Language programField
work in Chartres, Mont St. Michel, the Chateaux country, and in
and around Paris.

Tuition. room, board: $8501—meal allowances each day for lunch
and dinner at restaurants ofycur choice.

CHARTER FLIGHT

WRITE: FOREIGN STUDIES OFFICE
SARAH LAWRENCE COLLEGE

. ONXVILLE N. Y. [0708

Kick-in-the-ASP

wants you!

4—6 CREDITS

 

 

(your advertising, that is)

This annual farce will be published on May lst and
we’d like you to advertise in it.

The nature of this paper is satirical and we’d like
the ads to have a humorous tone.

Ads for this issue are limited to on-campus groups
or individuals. The rate, for this issue only, will
be $1.50 per column inch.

To submit ads or for more information, contacr
Jeff or Dan in the ASP office, CC 334; or give
us a call at 457—2190.

mm s A... .. « -

 .. . ....,,........s...m—a-—v—v-;t.

 

