 

 

 

 

PAGE 6

CORNING.
AND THE S. MALL

ALBANY, NY.  - Albany Mayor Erastus
Corning II denied recently that there was a conflict
of interest involved in his heading an insurance firm
that sold policies to a contractor on the South Mall
state office building project here.

"There is no illegal or improper conflict of
interest involved from my standpoint,"_said the
mayor, acknowledging that he is president of
Albany Associates, which issued bodily injury and
property damage insurance to M. Kramer & Sons,
lnc., of Albany.

Corning said he did not know the amount of
commissions on the transaction with the Kramer
ﬁrm, which he said had been a customer of Albany
Associates for 25 years.

The Kramer company has $12.8 million worth of
plumbing and heating contracts at the South Mall.

Corning made his denial after an article on the
financing of the South Mall appeared in the Wall
Street Journal.

The story noted that Corning is also a director
and a shareholder of Albany's National Commercial
Bank and Trust Co., which is the depository for
mail bond sale proceeds and hiis two other mail-
related accounts. Close to $1 billion will pass
through the bank’s channels to complete the pro-
ject. Mayor Corning is also a shareholder in State
Bank of Albany. The State Bank reportedly l'l"
deems the bonds for the Mall.

The state will occupy the South Mall offices
under a lease purchase agreement with Albany
County, which owns and finances the project.

Corning's salary as mayor is $12,000 a year and
he is permitted hold other positions.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Originally planned at the cost of
$250 million, the project is now
ofﬁcially estimated to cost $850
million. But, as suggested by the
Comptroller‘s Ofﬁce, it may cost
as much as $1.5 billion when the
full cost of ﬁnancing is included.

It was scheduled to be com-
pleted in 5 years “962-67); it will
take ten years 0965-75) and as of
l970 it is 40% completed.

Mall Investigated

An Albany grand jury called five months ago, which was reprotedly
investigating alleged wrongdoings in the South Mall construction
project, was dismissed March 15 after failing to make any report on
the Mall. The jury's indictments concerned routine criminal matters
iiisteiid.

When the jurty was called in November, there were widespeiid
reports the investigation would cover rumored payroll pudding, stolen
materials, gambling, private Lise of construction workers hired and
loansharking. Another jury in Utica which was also reportedly probing
Mall activilies has also ended its session without making indictments.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1971

Construction

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1971

Cost

—--()( [S

Staff

Const. Cost

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

In 1970 the Gov-
ernor again sought
authorization to con-
tinue his massive ex-
penditure program
on the South Mall.
The Republicans
passed the bill de-
spite the oppositing
votes of 59 Demo-
cratic Assemblymen.

The Democrats
sought to amend the
bill to reduce the
South Mall
appropriation by $50
million. Despite com-
plete support by
voice vote from the
Assembly Demo-
crats, this amend-
ment was defeated
by the Republican
majority.

Time Capacity Per Employee

 

  
 

State Priorities

by Bob Warner
(ill ASI‘ Column

Although the Legislature has been uneasy over the rapidly increasing
cost of the South Mall, additional appropriations hch been given to
the Govemur at hisbehest. Time and time again, despite rumors that
corruption is rampant in The Mall management, the legislators hiiVe
looked the other way (or iil least the majority. mainly Republicans).

The Mall was originally estimated to cost $250 million. At present,
that cost is $850 million, with a projection ofa $1 billion expenditure
in no time. If corruption is in doubt, certainly mismanagement is not.
But. that isn't the fundamental political question before the state.

The principle involved is one of priorities. With a tight. budget that
has to be balanced by constitutional fiat, it is disheartening to scc a
billion dollar monument being erected to The Honorable Nelson A.
Rockefeller, while only a few blocks away in Albany there are
festering slums. This is only a microcosm of the shame of the
Rockefeller administration's dislorlcd lisl of priorities, though. This
has all been said before. Arthur Goldberg said it, But either nobody
wan ted to believe or nobody cared.

While unemployment is high, the Mall creates jobs not to those who
need jobs but to those who already luch jobs or careers. While New
York City barely escaped $40 million in cutbacks for public
education, construction on the Mall continued. Housing, mass transit,
education, and welfare baVe always laken second to Rockefeller's
grandiose monuments. One can't escape a state construction sign,
especially on a highway, without seeing “Nelson A Rockefeller,
(lovr-riior" on it. To my mind, Rockefeller has been an able governor,
biil too corrupt In his values to use his immense power for the best
possible ends. Then again, if I Were born ll Rockefeller, I probably
wouldn't know any better. '

To be more specific, Rockel‘eller's highway expenditures have
always outstripped his expenditures for mass lruiisit. But of course
Rockefeller and lhosof his ilk do not ride the subways. Not only do
we need toget cars off the road for ecological reasons (air pollution,
desecration of land, traffic jamming), but ii basic policy decision to
move the bulk of otir population by maiii.‘ transit is necessary. From an
ecologicii., economic and human viewpoint, Rockefeller should
relinquish his obsession for highway construction. The stone
the Mall.

l’cle Hamill, a columnist for the New York l’osl. said it all:

the some lime that he (Ii‘oclu'fclli'r) iii culling
$124 million on! of [he welfare and Medicaid
budgets, Rockefeller in going forward with the
Albany Mull Project, n all billion memorial. to
hlniaelf l/mt would have coilmrraiiiied [he Medici.
lint the Mall project iii something rhetorical lltol
loo/M all if i! accomplishes something, because It
exists. The welfare ciilr only affect human beings,
mid human beings who are defenseless, which make»

goes for

"TN/S ll iill ll lol cruiier.

December ii, 106!)

 

State Office Building

Complex
World Trade Center
South Mall

Alternative to Mall

Office Building Complm

(estimate)

 

u,~»&r:sns»  .

S yous $90,000,000 l2,000 $7,500

(i years 600,000,000 50,000 I2 ,000

in years 1,000,000,000 'I 1.000 91.000

§ \,c.ii\ l40,000,000 l l ,000 l2,7()()

The Mall’s Many Faults

The World Trade Center

Another Sharp contrast to the construction of the South Mall Complex is the World
Trade l'enter in New York City. , .

l‘islimali‘d in [967 to cost $600 million, twenty-five percent more than the initial Mall
priiii't'l, lliis Center is still expected to be completed for $600 million. The Mail, In
contrast. will cost from $495 to $750 million above original estimates.

The Trade Center, intended to accommodate 50,000 employees, will take six years to
complete. while the Mall, intended for l 1,000 employees will take ten ycars. 'l‘he (.i-nter
w.“ lit-gin occupancy in December lll70 and will be completed in l1l7ll.

The Mall Financing

“3’ I’m-“mini: his Mall project through Counly of Albany bonds, the'govcrnor hiis
i'iillllltlllllllcd his extravagance by adding extra inlercsl. costs to debl service payments.

'l'lirouull this mechanism, the Governor has circumvvnleil his obligation to submit
"110‘" "-‘ll'l-"l lll'Ojl'clJi to the Voteni of New York for their review and approval. Votcrs
Ill ollii'r “ﬂies were tlioiigbl. unlikely to repeatedly approvv of the Mall project Ior
Albany I

'l'l‘“ '1'”le Charges on the Mail will be the most expensivo single charge amounting to
from  IN“ to $060 million depending of the final cost figure

The added interest mail. of financing the project with County of Albany bonds, rather
tin.“ under the more creditwmtliy State auspices, will cost taxpayers at best an added
$|oo llillillill.
ed on vacant land near the

-'\ I‘“ M“ e"punitive office complex could luch liecii crect
lll luiVe bad the added

Ill-I'M‘lli State Office Complex. The choice of this site wuu H I . r.
.ulvaniuei' (if not displacing .'l,0t)ll families as llie Mall pl‘Ult'fl ‘ll‘lv 1“ “Mum” L“ ,"r‘
In» i-spn-iisiVe campuii land would liaVc I‘t‘llllll'l'ti no demolition expense and H” “""‘l l‘”
Iln- t-onslrmttion of ii massive foundation such as was needed for Ihe Niall

'l'li.- Iolzll savings reali'tcd by a less extravagant and more efficient liicilily W““"' “W”
been $000 million. 'l‘wo striking examples of the many ft" mm" "mm" ‘mwm‘. “"1”.
could have been met through a more humane and less frivilous use ol our hintc iiint s
(“'1'

This Hum could have been used to build in state collt‘ttt’h' l” “NW “ ""‘l'lmm' ,
allttii'lllbi this would have virtually insured ll college oplmrllmlly l'” H” NM" york MM"
high M‘llllfll graduates. . .

()r ll would liaVe been used to finance the stale aid portion of capital conslriictioii Ior

all New Ym‘k State School Districts for iil least six years, This would in effect assure a]:
school children the adequate facilities so critically needed to iniorl’V“ “l” “duv‘ll'mnu
)I'Uilfillll I" New York State. . -
I A I'lcr ll"Pliicluli H.000 families from the Mall area, the (loveriiur l"""“’“’d l‘“ pmv'ﬁh;
lliiunlllll faculties in tliu Mall to accoinodate some of those displaced. lie-later renegii
i.” the promise when it was found that hmminii could ""l “Mm” 1’” hum
economically under blii architectural scheme. The housing was the" proposed for
another location and found to be econioiiical. The Governor has elininuiled low incomii
housing for the Mall because of the expense, but lllltl iillowud the coat. of the “mum
Center "I"! Meeting Building to double without any reduction.

lenient)

 

The Mall Office Tower is the
most dominant image of the com-
plex. Besides experiencing a
change of contractor's in mid-
construction the 43-story stnic-
ture also suffered two fires, one of
major proportions.

The tower is visible from four
counties on clear days. The unusual
angles of the building result from
new techniuqes developed in de-
sign and operation of major struc-
tures. The Tower is the tallest
structure in the state outside of
New York City.



5.532

. a

 

PAGE 7

 

--salomon

 

—OGS

The South
Mall will
have parking
for only
30% of the
M all eni-
p l o y e e s ,
comp a r e d
with 50%
parking at
the State
C a m p ii s .
The result of
the poor
planning of
Mull parking
will be muss-
lve parking
problems for
the down-
town Al-
bany area.

--.rolomon

 

