 

—-..-..xi ,

“xx/«\r. ,ﬁwxm. 2-. . ..

PAGE 2

 
 
 
 
 

0N SCHO

  

L, HO THOUGHT
gril- HAvti To CONCENTRATE
076WORK IN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 
   

  

Increase Shown

In Student Dismissals

by Mitch Zoler
An ASP Feature

At the end of the fall semester
this year, 90 freshmen and sopho-
mores, and 25 upperclassmen
were dismissed from the Univer-
sity’s various schools (principally
the College of Arts and Sciences).
This figure of 90 compares with
28 last year (the first year of S-U
grading) and is the highest amount
for the past seven years (the years

for which information is avail-
able).
When Bruce Gray, Assistant

Dean of the University College,
was asked why so many students
lacked the necessary six credits
for continuation, he said that it
was mainly due to the fact that

some students feel they don't
have to work to pull an “S” grade
in two subjects. This, coupled
with a lack of communication
between professor and student,
can catch a student off guard. But
it is also true that most students
were aware of their plight when
they were notified.

dismissal before the Committee
on Academic Standing, persuading
one or two professors to provide
them with the needed credits, or
not doing anything (considering
their case hopeless or not caring
what happened).

One hundred and twenty lower-
classmen, approximately ten

 

The “ of “' ' bc—
grin in January when transcripts
were released to the University
College. Each advisor looked for
those students of his that did not
receive an “S” in courses adding
up to at least six credits during
the previous semester, These stu-
dents were notified of their im-
pending dismissal by telephone
and special delivery letters. They
had the option of appealing the

 

Tomorrow:

 

THE JOKE'S ON US.

April Fool’s Day

Radio as you’ve
we: heard

WSUA

before!

640

 

 

Priiitri' rtn-uic,
Adm“, N Y
7 ,i... sinuin April in.

litkil mu.
5'; lit;

llrlit‘l otltluli

ch Eyrk Round Sliup
Albany

Milli-i s Mum Stou-

on

Vmi (iuli-I Ruroiil Slum
Schi-ncrtuily

Boy/yr Sentry Stiltioii
hay '

 

uppu ' from the College
of Arts and Sciences, and another
ten upperclassmen from the
School of Business decided to
take their case before the Com-
mittee on Academic Standing.
This committee, is, for all intents
and purposes. constructed by the
University Senate and contains a
broad spectrum of faculty and
iidmistrators who serve one year
tt-rms. The committee allowed
two of the hundred and twenty
lowerclussmcn to withdraw with~
oiil penalty, put sixty-four on
terminal probation, and dismissed
fifty-four along with the other
twenty upperclassmcn.

Probation was considered non-
existent under the pass-fail sys-
tcm, but the committee decided to
create individual “contracts” with
those students who they felt had a
reasonable excuse for their poor
showing. All the "contracts" iii-
volved incomplete (l) grades being
changed to 'S' by some time
during this semester (the exact
date depending upon the indivi-
dual casc). Unfortunately, there
are no figures available at this
time as to how many of these
"contracts" have been success-
fully fulfilled.

As for those who were dis-
missed, the University does not
turn its back on them. Sonic are
given assistance in being readmit-
ted, whiic otlic - are helped to get
into other schools. Btit Mr. Gray
was upsct al the large number
who "just didn‘t give it damn" and
did not go anywhere.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1971

x

} Seeking a j
Gay Identity

by Gary Carr
An ASP Feature

A gay consciousness-raising discussion group is forming on
campus. The purpose of this group is for gay women and men in.
Albany State to be able to get together in an open atmosphere
and talk about what it means to be gay. I i ‘

To be gay is to be a second-class dtuen. This socmty Crctllt‘s
stereotypes about homosexuals as it does about other 'opprcssed
groups. Many Americans see all homosexualsas criminals. Gay
people with the courage to openly admit theirudentities suitor
discrimination in employment, housing, and Civil rights. Laws
exist in most states which self-righteously attempt to lncrimlmllt'
the homosexual for living her or his private life.

 

 

 

~-~l)i'njrinini

Giiy oppression is it very subtle form of qpprcssion. Whilo thi-
oppression of racial minority groups and woman in this country It;
economically based, gays do not constitute such an easily
identified minority group. Female iind male homosexuals ("‘1'
found in all social and economic strata, all races ofpcople,:iiitl in
all communities. Oftcn, nobody but the homosexuals themselves
know who they are. The attitude people have toward homosexual
ity is oppressive. Because of the hatred and fear surrounding it.
gay people have to hide their identities from straights and "W"
from each other. Gays have to live a “double life," hiding their
true sclvcs most of the time, being open only at thLl mosl St’t‘l't“
moments. Gays come to hate themselves for their diffiircnt'us
from everyone else, they come to feel isolated and alienated. 'l‘hi-y
are deprived of any honesty about their relationships. 'l'lH‘Y 11""
denied the honest fulfillment of their fundamental nucds.

Gay women and men at Albany State and cvcrywhi-ri- ill't'
beginning to realize that homosexuality is not the cvil that
traditional social iind moral values make it appear. The gay pl‘UPlt'
have neglected for too long their potential as whole human bi-iiigs
by denying true sexuality as an integral pill‘t of life. The any
discussion group is a first stop on this campus. in recognizing ihi-
need for ‘1 illly Community. ’l‘otiil freedom can only be ucliii-wil
when all people have a sense of gay pride.

Gay people will be coming togethi-i- on Tuesday lilghls ill ‘
o‘clock in the Fireside Lounge on the ('iiniptis (‘i-nti-r .r\|| giit
sisters and brothers arc welcome. For information or iiisl to up
call Robert iit 4116-8754 or .lcl'f iit 482-0483.

 

 

 

 

ASP TECH STAFF

launches
Spring Offensive
Wednesday, April 14th
at 7 PM
CC 323

Anyone interested in ioining the
ASP Technical Stuff is wolcomol

FLUNKIES TO BE!

April 16, 1971 is the deadline tin .ilt
incomplete work for IIID F.il| 1910
semester to he turned in to you:

Instructor.

MOTORCYCLE INSURANCI

Samc Day l7S 1
Barry Scott «162-9790
90 State St., Albany
g_..___________—-l

 

 

  

NEED HELP?

Upstate Aboi iiiiii
Rt-lcial Si-i'viu'

   
 
 
 
    
 
 

()iii' wnu‘i' i'.i|i |l|||\l|ll' .i \Il’
li'gttl.illi-riiiili\i- l1)\ti|ll[ltltltlilll

Willi iiitiiiiiiiiiii rust and lII‘l.l\

ilH-7o’5-NIN'I
h l”)
t)/ii'ii ‘Vllljl \ ii iii 1 /\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

@ESDAY, MARCH 31, 1971
Registration Drive in

Albany County Begun

by Vicki Gottlicli

SUNY Albany became the first stop by the
Albany County League of Women Voters in a
county-wide tour to help encourage 18-yearvold
voter registration. Their information tiible in the
Campus Center Lobby early this week was designed.
to aid students in registration procedures in both
primary and general elections. The League: plans to
travel to Siciia College and the College of St. ROSI‘
as wcll as to contact Social Studies teachers in all
county high schools as part of their education-
rcgist ration drive effort.

The League of Women Voters hopes to clear tip
St‘Vl'tlll misunderstandings by speaking to the stu-
dents. The Albany County Board of Elections has
been plagued by area college students trying to
register here but who are ineligible to do so. The
Board of Elections does not recognize a student in a
dorm or an apartment as a legal resident of this city.
Students must register in their home counties or at
their local Board of Elections, and they must do so
before mid-August in order to vote in 1972.
Residents of Albany County may register at the
Board of Elections, Albany County Court House, on
Eagle Street.

The League also urges students to enroll iii “11'
political party of their choice. Party enrollment
moans eligibility to vote in primary elections and to
choose candidates representative of student opinion.
To be eligible for the 1972 primary, students must
i-nroll before the November, 1971 elections.

Mrs. chcc Green, voter service chairman of the
Albany County League of Women Voters, feels that
young people play a vital role in politics. Believing
that the tragedies at Kent and Jackson State
Universities last spring would cause increased politi~
ciil involvement, the League and last year's political
candidates were disappointed in the amount of
student participation in the past election. When
students did participate, there was marked differ-
ence in the campaign. The League hopes that the
18-year-old vote will increase student participation
in politics. Before they sec ii marked change in the
political parties and candidates, young people must
lose their apathy and organize their vote. Only tlicn
will their potential power bloc bc effective.

Engine Defect

Pintos Being Recalled

DETROIT AP— About l65,000 Amci‘ican owners of Ford's now
Pinto are affected by the nu tomakoi‘s announcement that virtually all
llit‘ minit‘ars arc being recalled for an engine deft-cl. For many of the
motorists, it's the second time around.

A total of 204,000 cars in tlic Uniti-(l Htalcs :ii‘i- involvvd About
[05,000 of ilit'l‘tl arc in thc ('tisliinicrs' hands and lllt‘ Matt in ilcaii-rs'
lols or in transit, Ford said.

In addition, Sulhl' 13,100 Canadian Pintos and 2,100 shipped
tivcrsotls must be recalled, lhc nation's second largest iiulo maki-r
announced.

'l‘ht- recall Monday, (Illt' to ii defect in aniipollution equipment that
could allow gasoline l'umcs to collect and explode under the hood,
involves all Pintos built between their introduciton last summer and
March 13. Some 7,500 Pintos built aftci' March 13 need not be
recalled, Ford said.

Last October Ford ri-ciillt-(l some 26,000 Pintos because of
complaints about iicccli-rzitor pi-diils sticking when lllt’ throttli- was
opened nltli'l‘ than halfway.

The latest recall was by Ford officials after 90 to 100 explosive
hackfii‘cs wot'i- I‘i-ptiricd, with damage ranging from scorched air
1'lt'tlllt‘l’s to major cliarriiig of the car's front and. Firm iicVi-r reached
the passenger compartment and no injuries were reported, a Ford
spokesman said.

Ford declined to disclose the possible cost of the recall btii said
Pinto owners would lime to spend about half an hour in a scrvicr
garage. The spokesman ti-rnicd it a “very minor, simple" procedure.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

t‘

l

.4 nu":

 

  

Lt. William Calley, IL, was found guilty of pre-meditated murder of not less than 23 Vietnamese
civilians and assault with intent to murder a Vietnamese child. He is now awaiting sentencing.

[AP Wireplioto]

Student Leaders Warn Nixon
0n College Support in 1972

WASHINGTON AP - Fivc stu-
dent body leaders met privately
with President Nixon late last
week and said later they told him
he‘s in danger of losing the entire
student Vote in 1972.

“I told him the two questions
on students‘ minds are what coun-
try iirc we invading today, and
how can we beat you in ‘72," said
Steve Baker, 21, a senior at Hamil—
ton College in Clinton, NY. “The
President looked resigned to it,“

The student leaders are members
of tho sli‘cl‘ing con‘tmilli-il for l.llt‘
National Student (inngrt‘ss ofStu-

(ii-til Body I’rt-sidcnls, an organiza-

  

Day Care Center

Given $5,000

The Day (Taro Center at SUNYA
has received $5,000 from SUNYA
Studi-nt Associalioii. This money
was appropriated for the center at
the end of last year. According to
Davo Ncufi-ld, President of tIlt‘
Student Association, this is a mat-
[01' of tho day (.‘tll't‘ center's “sur-
vival," and it is hoped that this
appropriation will "Itci-p it on ils
feel” fora while.

 

 

gm Tact-cg

iﬁﬁihlﬂﬂll‘lili GRE dJlJJLt‘Uiﬂlll MCAi
lllll'i‘llllilﬂ isAi lULElllllll‘Sll on
BUlSlllilliéiiS A1658

‘ Preparation tor tests mun-lad for ad»
mission to post-graduate schools

' Six and twelve scssmii courses

‘ Small groups
Voluniinous slutty iiiiiteiial loi home
study prepared by exports In each
ticld

' Lesson sciitidulu can be tailored to
meat indivulual needs Lessons
can be spread over LI period of
several months to a year. or for
out of town students, ii period

of one wcuk

'Opporlunity loi ieViow ol past
lessons we lapti iii the Cantor

 

Special Compact Courses (luran
Wnakends and lniarsssston

STANLEY H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD.
lulmttNG AND ouiamci smci IDJI
Inn r..- inni simi simm- n v MN“,
(212) 336—6300 “WU-s"
(616)6384665 intuit”.

 

 

 

 

i‘iu Tull-mu .wiuui .nn 1hr momma. quuluttim

 

 

We Handle Records
for 214 on-cam-pps

groups betrays-é 

 

 

lion representing 330 colleges and
universities. They were in Wash-
ington for five days of talks with
legislators about student
problems, and grievances.
The 25-minute

ideas,

conversation
with Nixon was arranged by White
House aide Robert Finch, who
met. with the five students last
Wednesday atid again on Thursday
before ushering them into the
President ‘s office.

In an interview after the meet-
ing, three of the students agreed
tlial their overall imprcssion was
that Nixon is aware of a com—
munications problem with young

people.

“You get a feeling of genuine
concern, but that he’s isolated in
his office," said one student
leader. “He’s obviously thinking
deeply about the problem, but
doesn’t know how to handle it."

The three young men said the
President seemed pleased to meet
with them and they found him
much more open and concerned
that they hiid expected.

“1 found him much warmer than
he appears on TV,” said another.
“He‘s not isolated as to what
young people do, but as to why
they do it," he said. “No one
seems to be able to tell him why."

Kick-in-the-ASP
WANTS YGUE’

This issue ol lhc Albany Student Press is .i Satirical,
'l'i‘.ivcsty put out for State Fair.

And we nccd stories.

It you would like to write for this Farce, contact Dan
Williams .it tho ASP ol'l'icc, 457-2l90; or at his dorm,
457-5019.

 

 

Do yourself a favor:
Join Campus Center
Governing Board!

Applications for 1971-72
available at CC Information Desk

March 29th—April .2nil

Due 5 PM April 2nd in cc 364

 

 

 

