    
 

 

  

 

.,!'.Y1i“";'?lw

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6

We, the students of the State University of New York at Albany,
of ideas among individuals and groups of th
interpreting them to the student body, and the
social, recreational, academic, cultural and spiritual opportunities beyo
provide for student expression of moral, p
be made of lasting value; to exhibit concern
University, do ordain and establish this Constitution of the Student
organization representative of and responsive to the students. This organization 5

ARTICLE I
W
Section 1: Supreme legislative
powers granted herein shall be
vested in a governing body known
hereinafter as Central Council. It
shall be the responsibility of Cen-
tral Council, in cooperation with
the President of Student Associa-
tion (hereinafter called the Presi-
dent), to implement the state-
ments of the Preamble of this

Constitution.
Section 2: Composition

a. Central Council membership
shall be derived from two ele-
ments: Faculty and Student Asso- l
ciation.

b. The basis of representation
to Central Council shall be living
areas. The voting student mem-
bers of Central Council shall be
elected in the ratio of three hun-
dred to one or the nearest whole
thereof.

c. The number of voting Facul-
ty members shall not exceed five,
elected by the University Senrite
of the State University of New
York at Albany.

d. Appointrrient or election
shall be for a term of one year.
Section 3: Duties and Powers

a. The Central Council shall be
empowered to make all by-laws
necessary to its operation.

b. Students and student con-
duct in and about the University
shall be a concern of Central
Council.

c. The Central Council shall be
empowered to provide effective
communication for relating stu-
dents of the University with every
part of the University Community
and with the broader community
as well.

d. The Central Council shall
have the power to review any and
all policies and procedures of sub-
sidiary bodies created by the Pre-
sident or by Central Council; it
shall have'the power to reject any
policies and procedures which it
deems inconsistent with the best
interests of the student body by a
majority vote of those Central
Council members present and
voting.

f. The Central Council shall
have the power to determine the
student activity assessment; to
establish general ﬁnancial policy;
to allocate funds; and shall have
the ultimate power of audit and
control of student ﬁnances.

g. The Central Council shall
oversee and the President shrill
provide for proper and just Stu-
dent Association elections and tri-
bulatiom of the results thereof.

b. The Central Council shall be
empowered to enact legislation
subject to the consent of the
President. If the President vetoes
the legislation, then the Central
Council shall have the power to
override his veto by a majority
vote of those Central Council
members present and voting.
Section 4: Ofﬁcers

a. The Central Council shall
elect from its voting membership
by a two thirds vote, a Chairman
who shall be the presiding ofﬁcer.

b. The Central Council shall
elect from its voting membership,
by a two thirds vote, a Vice
Chairman.

c. Members of the Faculty
shall not be eligible to hold any
elected ofﬁce of Central Council.

d. Term of ofﬁce shall run for
one year, commencing from the
ﬁrst meeting of the newly elected
Central Council.

Section 5: Duties of Officers
a. The Chairman shall preside

at. all meetings of Central Council.

b. The Chairman shall have the
power to call special meetings of
Central Council.

c. The Chairman must notify
the President of all actions taken
by Central Council.

d. The Chairman shall have the
power to appoint chairmen of all
Central Council committees with
the approval of Central Council.

c. The Vice Chairman, in the
absence of the Chairman, or at his
request, shall preside over Central
Council meetings and assume any
or all duties and responsibilities of
the Chairman.

Section 6: Vacation of Ofﬁce. If
for any reason an ofﬁce of Central
Council is vricritcd prior to expira-
tion of term, replacement shall be
made in the following manner:

a. The Vice Chairman shall
succeed to the office of Chairman.

i). For the office of Vice Chair-
man, replacement shall be made
according to the provisions of the
Constitution (ArticleI l, Section
xl,b).

ARTICLE II
EXECUTIVE
Section I: The operational and
executive power shrill be vested in
the President of Student Associa-
tion.
Section 2: Officers

a. The Student Association
.‘illﬂll clcct from its membership by
a majority vote of those voting, a
President. In the event no candi-
date shall receive a majority of the
vote, there will be a run off
election involving the candidates
receiving the two highest vote
counts. The President shall bc an
zit-large, non-voting member of
Central Council.

b. The Student Association
shall elect from its membership by
a majority vote of those voting, a
Vice President. In the event no
candidate shall receive a majority
of the vote, there will be ii run off
election involving the candidates
receiving the two highest vote
counts. The Vice President shall
be an zit-large, non<voting member
of Central Council.

c. The elections for the Prcsid»
cnt and Vice President of Student
Association shall be held concur-
rently with the Central Council
election.

(I. Term of office shall run for
one year, commencing two chks
after the election of new Student
Association ofﬁcers and Central
Council.

c. During the transition period,
from the election of the new
President and Vice President until
they take office, the newly cloc-
ted officers will serve as at large,
non-voting members of Ccritrril
Council. They will also servo (lur-
ing this period in ii learning situa-
tion under the present ofﬁcers of
the Student Association.

Section 3: Executch Dcpiirtmcnts

ii. The President shall have the
duty to recommend, at least once
each year, to Central Council
plans for the organization of tlic
cxccutivo brunch. 'l‘hese plans
shall go into effect only upon the
consent of a majority of the Ccn~
tral Council.

I). The President shall have the
power to constitute the admini-
strative policies anrl the admini-
utrutlvu procedures of tho execu-
tive branch which may be rejected

e University Community;
broader community as well; to contribute to the controlling

olitical and social concerns; to a
for the future needs of the University Community; and to as

ALBANY STUDENT mass

sesame

by a two thirds vote of those
Central Council members present
and voting.

Section 4: Duties and Powers of
the President

a. The President shall be em-
powered to execute all laws enac-
ted under the Constitution and
shall be responsible for carrying
out all action taken by Central
Council.

b. The President shall act as
the spokesman for Student Asso-
ciation in the absence of Central
Council action.

c. The President must sign all
legislation passed by the Central
Council in order for it to take
effect except as provided in sec-
tion d.

d. The President SIIiIll bc able
to Vcto any legislation of the
Central Council. This vcto may be
overriden by a majority vote of
those Central Council members
present and voting. If the Presi-
dent docs not veto legislation
within six days it shall take effect
without his consent. The Presi-
dent shall hrch twenty four hours
to veto legislation if itis such that
thc action required would take
effect within one week after it
was passed.

c. The President shall have the
power to call special meetings of
Central Council.

f. The President shall appoint
members of the Supreme Court
subject to the consent of lwo
thirds of the lolril voting member-
ship of Central Council.

g. The President may
recommend programs to Central
Council.

h. The President shall recom-
mcnd a yearly Student Associa-
tion budget to the Central Council
for its approval.

i, The Central Council shall
oversee and the President shall
provide for proper and just Stu-
dcnl Association elections and la-
bulation of LIIL' results thereof.

j. The President shall have the
power to grant organimtional ru-
cognition in accord with thr- pro-
cedures established by Central
Council.

k. The President shall report to
the Central Council at least once
each month on the operations and
tillllL' of the Executive branch.
Scction 5'): Duties and Powers of
the Vicc President

a. 'l‘htI Vice President shall
pr-rl‘orm duties as assigned by thtI
Prcsidcnt.

l). The Vice President, in the

absence of lhc Prcsidenl, or at his
rcqucsl, shall assume any or all
(lutics and responsibilities of thc
l’rcsidt-ril.
Suction ti: Vacation of Office, If
for any reason an offico of Stu-
dent Association is vriciitcd prior
to expiration of tcrm, replace-
nicnl. shall be made in llH.’ follow-
ing manner:

a. The Vice President shall
succeed to the ofﬁce of Prcsidcnt.

b. For the office of Vice Pres-
dcnt, rcplriccmcnt shall be made
according to the provisions of the
Constitution (Article II, Section
(Lb),

ARTICLE III
JUDICIAIIY
Section l: The judiciril power of
the Student Association shrirl be
vested in one Supreme Court, aan
in such inferior courts as Central
Council may from time to time

 

ordain and establish.
Section 2: Supreme Court

a. Jurisdiction. The judicial
power shall extend to all cases, in
law and equity, arising under the
Constitution, the laws of Student
Association and enactments made
or which shall be made, under
their authority.

b. Composition

1. The Supreme Court shall be
composed of seven members of
the Student Association appoin‘
ted by the President and con~
ﬁrmed by a two thirds vote of the
total voting membership of Cen-
tral Council.

2. Appointments shall nor-
mally be made in the spring of the
year following the inauguration of
the new Central Council.

3. If for any reason appoint-
ment at this time is not possible,
or if a Vacancy occurs on the
court, replacement shall be made
in the manner stipulated in para-
grnph (l) aan shall be for the
duration of the vacated term.

c. Term of Appointment. Ap-
pointment shall be madeI for two
years or until the spring of the
appointec‘s graduation, which
ever comes first, and recall shrill
be enacted only by three quarters
vote of the total voting member-
ship of Central Council.

(1, Restrictions on Torture.
Judges of the Supreme Court dur-
ing term of office shall not hold a
seat on Central Council or be
President or Vice President of
Student Association.

ARTICLE IV
W
Section I: Composition

n. MYSKANIA shrill be com»
posed of several members of Stu-
dent Association who shrill be
recognized for their contributions
to the University.

I). Members shall be nominated
and selected from the Junior class
by it screening committee. Excep-
.ions to these qualifications for
nominees or procedures may be
determined by Central Council or
its designce, cxccpt thal. no person
Shilll be eligible to be elected to
MYSKANIA more than once.
Section 2: Duties and Functions.
MYSKANIA shall perform sclcc-
tcd ceremonial functions of the
University.

ARTICLE V

I’AN HELLENIC COUNCIL
Section 1: Greek life on this
campus shall be related to the
student government through Pan
llcllcnic Council which shall scrvr-
as thr.I coordinating body for thc
lntcr~l"rntcrnity and lnicr‘h'ororv
ity Councils. This relationship
shall be one of communication,
mutual influence and coopcrrilion.
It is understood that llll' Pan
llcllr-iiic Council, liitcr-l"rnlorn|ly
Council, Inter-Sorority Council
ﬁnd the indivrdunl (ircr-lr groups
shall rctriin their lllh’iin‘lL‘ airlo~
norny of control, bolli legislative
and judicial, ovcr solcly (lrr-ck
matters.

Section 2: The Pan llcllcnic
Council shall be cmpowvrcd lo
ilovolop liy-liiws necessary to its
operation unrl consistcnl with the
statements containcrl in this Corr
stitution. Further, llicsc shall not
be subject to review by Central
Council.

ARTICLE VI
()A’l'I-I ()I" 01'1"!le

Section 1: Before Student Asso~

 

 

The CONSTITUTION and Two other issues will be on Referendum, Monday, Tuesday, Iii Wednesday of this week
from 9 -6 In the Campul Center 8: from 4:30 - 6:30 on the Quads.

 

 

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

   

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1971

Test of thre‘iProposed Student AssOciation Constitution

with the support and cooperation of the University, in a clear and continuing exchange
to participate in formulating aims, objectives and policies of the University and
and regulating of student activities; to foster
nd those offered in the formal curriculum, and to develop leadership therein; to
dvance the welfare of the University Community to the end that its endeavors may
some the fullest degree of responsibility of the
Association. The intent of the form of government herein established is to provide an
hail provide for separate Legislative, Executive and Judicial functions.

ciation ofﬁcers or Central Council
members enter on the execution
of their offices, they shall take the
following oath or afﬁrmation:

I, (name), do hereby solemnly
swear (or afﬁrm) that I will sup
port the Constitution and laws of
the Student Association of the
State University of New York at
Albany, and will strive to fulfill
the duties of my office to the best
of my abilities.

Section 2: The ChiefJudgc of the
Supreme Court shall be responsi-
ble for administering the oath of
office.
1 ARTICLE VII
Section I: For reasons of neglect,
nonfcasance, misfeiisuncc, or mail-
feasance of duty, an ofﬁcer of
Student Association or Central
Council member shall be subject
to impeachment or recall.
Section 2: Impeachment proceed-
ings may by instituted by written
petition of at least one quarter of
the constituent members of the
group represented. In the case of
the President of Vice President of
Student Association, impeach-
ment may also be instituted by a
three quarters vote of the total
membership ochntrul Council. A
meeting of at least eighty percent
(80%) of Central Councrl shall try
impeachments ofStudent Associa-
tion ofﬁcers or Central Council
members. A three quarters al'l'irmA
ritch vote of those present Shilll he
needed for a verdict of guilty.
'l‘hcsc proceedings shall be con
ducted by the Chief Judge of thr-
Supreme Court and rules of ovi-
dcncc shall apply in all cases.
Section ll: Recall proceedings may
be instituted by written petition
of at least one third of thc consti-
tuents of the ofﬁcer or representa-
tive of Student Association. At
least a two thirds vote of theI
constituent members of the group
represented shrill be necessary to
carry out the mandate of recall.
Section 4: These rules of impeach-
ment rind rccrill h'hllll not apply to
members of MYSKANIA or when.I
the Constitution states other pro~
vision for removal from office.
ARTICLE VIII
AMENDMENTS
Section I: An amendment to thr-
Constitution may he proposed by
a two thirds vote of the Central
Council.
Section 2: An amendment to the
Constitution may be proposer] by
ll'll per cent (10%) of the Student
Association. The President. of the
Student Association shall be rc-
sponsiblc for receiving these writ-
l,cn petitions.
Sr-clion ll: Any riincndincnt pro-
posed in accordance with Sections
l or 2 shall be ratified llirougli
rr-fcrcndum by sixty pcrccnl
((30%) ril'l'irnintivo vote, at lr'usl
twenty percent (20%) of thc Slu-
dont Association voting
ARTICLE IX
It A 'I ‘I I”! CA W ( )N
This document, having been
ricceptod through referendum by
sixty percent (60%) affirmative
vote, at lcnst twenty percent
(20%) of the membership ol' the
Studan Association of thr- State
University of New York at Albany
voting, shrill supcrccdc rind rr-plricc
all previous Constitutions and said
Association. This document shall
not becomu opurulivu until the
(lrilc of inauguration of llio newly
olcctud Student Association, the
jurisdiction in law of tire presently
constituted government lining
continued until said (late.

 

 

ADVERTISEMENT

“W.M.M.WW§WiWﬁ '

awe; «gig? -

 

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

PAGE?

fWe’ve Still Gotta Crow About-“Peter Pane

by Robert Kattan

If Peter Pan did nothing else for people on this
campus, it did ascertain that the overwhelming
majority of those present at the performances last
week do indeed believe in fairies. But I could go
much further to say that for that same overwhelm-
ing majority it did much more. It turned back the
clocks of time to the carefree days of childhood, to
the frolicsome fantasy of adventure in an unknown
land, as echoed in Peter’s words “I’m youth, joy,

and freedom. "

The musical accompaniment, provided by a 27
-piece orchestra under the direction of Professor R.
Findlay Cockrell, was an integral part of the per-
formance. Most noteworthy were the periods during
which the orchestra played as an ensemble, with the
harmony flowing evenly, greatly enhancing the

musical numbers.

The two principal characters were the most
sensational ones. Claudine Cassan (Peter Pan), a
junior theater major, has succeeded in bringing back
many memories of Mary Martin's Peter Pan of
yeaterday. Her feeling for the part intrigues the
audience immensely; her poise is highly unusual for
an actress whose talents must lie in singing, dancing,
acting, and of course, flying. As a result of her sheer
enthusiasm, the audience I‘tEpOleS most favorably to
her songs “I've Got To Crow," and “Neverland.”

The scene which best exhibits Claudinc‘s versa-
tility as Peter is in Act lI,wherc she successfully
fools the pirates by imitating Caption Ilook , and
woos Hook as the “Mysterious Lady" in a single
setting. Her singing voice. as the rest of her abililir's,
is excellent, making her a perfect choice for the part.
Best wishes for a bright future, Claudine.

Joel Arocstc, who plays both Mr. Darling and
Captain Hook, is much more noteworthy as the
cruel and uncouth captain. Joel's inlcnts are many;
he instills a sense of lovity upon the audience whilr-
retaining his dignity. His utlr-r conlr-mpl for Pr-lr-r
Pan is second only to his superiority complex, as

 

5M 70
We 7mm

 

 

 

by Arlene Sclieurer

Rod Stewart's Gasoline Alley
(Mercury SR 61264) is generally
undistinguished, but it contains
some redeemineg good tracks. At
his worst Stcwrirt pours forth un<
imaginative drivel as in “You're
My Girl" and “My Way of Civ-
ing," but on “Country Comforts,”
a reﬂective folk blues an austere
feeling of loneliness sets in. Very
Poignant.

Stewart has it husky voice and is
not a “good” singer by any
means. But ht- can use his voice
riffcctivcly to capture curtain
moods. His sidcmon arc (lllll and
their improvisations nr-vrir [rari-
sccnd their unirmiginativr- minds.

Another problem is that Str-warl
relics too hr‘avily on into typr- of
sound, thus lr-nding a deadly hlan
kct of uniformity lo all of his
songs; it is not an identity, l)lll
rather I] straight jacket. Every
thing is it curious mixture of
cowboy, country folk, Indian
music rock and blues. The Eastern
nature is most pronounccd in
“Gasoline Alley," ll catchy turn-
that brcws images of a hip (‘hincsc
wrishcrwomrin.

Stewart lowcrs above his co~
hurts and is thrI only one that.
gives any feeling of Involvomcnl. in
the music, the only one willing or
able to reach beyond the arcs of
musical noustlo the realm of t‘lllll'
tion. The sound is wonderfully
clear rind thc stereo effect is per
fcct. So if you want. to hear ll nr-w
sound and are willing to accept a
good deal of fat with you "Will
“Gasoline Alley" might be just
what the doctor ordered.

Study in
Guadala'ara, Mexico

'llro Gun alajnrii Summer
SBIIOOI, rl liilly oriiiurliloil llrnvol
silly ill Art/rum [llllﬂfrll'l wrll oi
lot, Jilly lrlll lr: Annual l/llli, rul.
lUIkloro, ()ilt)()fil|llly, history, jtllll
lllilll srzlonco, lnnrnninn .mrt llllllil'
luru coinaor. Inllirni, ‘lillill, llllillfl
rlllti room, Elrlliir. Wrrlo [ll lllrlll
ll. llnul, llltno rrl iillllltlllll 'na.
slon, Univursily of Arizona, lirr
son, Arllonn tilt/2|

 

 

 

displayed in the unforgettable song “Hook's Waltz."
Joel presents the satire of Hook's character very
well by using a self-satisfied laugh, various emotions,
and a capricious attitude throughout.

Wendy (Sharon Fanning) impresses the audience
from the start with her remark: “The stories I could
tell the boys." In the play, she is very convincing as
the children's mother, and her charming voice rings
out in her solo “Distant Melody."

Peter Coughlin has succeeded in all respects by
making John all he should be through use of facial.
expressions and various gestures, especially aboard
the pirate ship. John) the boy who feels he’s
somewhat more mature and brave than his siblings
still lets his childishness get the best of him. Alan
Cohen is remarkable as Michael, portraying the
sheer innocence rind naivete of ii young child, who
is totally enchanted by the amazing Peter Pan.

Special mention goes to Mark Goor, through
whose excellent coordination and talent Nana (the
dog) stole the first act.

The lost boys were excellent in song, dance and
acting, with Tootles (Sherri Brown) rind the Twins
(Margery Rosentlinl and Frances Caruso) faring
especially well.

Nothing could surpass the entertainment provided
by the pirates with their coordination (or occasional
lack of it) in their musical numbers. Boy, did they
look mean!

The lndians deserve the credit for the best group
performance, as they most certainly wcrc the most.
talented dancers in the production. Roberta
Murphy, :1 superb Tiger Lily, unrcscrvr'dly displays
hol‘ 'gl’riccflllncss and agility surpassed by none.

Deborah Levy and Margaret O'Connor, although
not soon, rlo play ’l‘inkcrbcll, and they do it. quite
wr-ll. 'l‘ink. no more than an intricntc cliriin of light
flashes across the stage and thcntcr ceiling, is
masterfully operated by them clcclrically, to tho

dvliglil. and :imrizcmcnt of thr- audience.

'l‘hv musical selections were trt'mt'ndous, The best

at COMMUTERS a»

 

Are you tired of:

Running Iromr- Io IllrIIJr‘ lion/r?
(Carrying .1 [MPH [Mg urululrl will! you?
Ilrn'iirq Io (‘r(.\'It rl r‘In'r'L’ to [my lunch?

llrn'iug to yin): lunch."

PLAN NEXT SEMESTER'S LUNCHES.
[00K INTO OUR

Lunch Plan

(5 Lunches per Week)
lriquirc .11 Food Service Office

Fullon Hall or "all 457-4823 From 9-5 Monday to Friday

 

 

numbers included r"! Won’t Grow Up," “Hook's
Waltz," "I’m Flying," and "Neverland." The
scenery, by Robert J. Donnelly, made the whole.
show.

Adrienne Posner has done a terrific job on
choreography, especially in “A Prineely Scheme,"
“Ugg-a-Wugg," and the “Neverland Waltz," which
brought a touch of ballet into the performance.
Special credit goes to Micki Koob, costume director,
whose wholehearted efforts made the costumes a
true asset to the performance, particularly for the
cleverness in depicting the Neverland animals. The
lavishness or simplicity of the costumes fit the
respective characters to a tee. '

Flying scenes were spectacular, thanks to Peter
Foy, the gentleman who ﬂew Mary Martin and cast
in the television version of Peter Pan. Claudine
Cassan deserves special mention at this point for her
sensational dexterity in soaring, which in itself is a
laudable feat.

Tom Clark and the stage crew deserve acclaim for
their efficiency during scene changes and in making
good connections with regard to flying actors.
Needless to say, without them such a performance
could not be possible.

Without a doubt (and I am getting tired of using
excellent so often), director Patricia ‘Snyder and
assistant director M. Lawrence Brown (one of the
Indians) have very successfully compiled six weeks
of work of so many highly talented people into one
helluva show. The sum of so many cxcellents can
only be superb, and that is whrit Peter Pan is. It is
thc culmination of several weeks of blood, sweat,
and tears of such devoted and hardworking people,
both on the scenes and behind them, who toiled
night after night trying to make this performance
what it was for so many. As John siiid to me: “Just
the thought of miiking people happy is sufficient
compensation for us."

As the curtain falls for the last time on Peter Pan
tonight, one of theI Albany all-time greats will have
become history.

68 . .
Are you hassled by lunch? KICk'In'Ihe'ASP

wants you!

(your advertising, that is)

This annual farce will be published on May lst and
we'd like you to advertise in it.

The nature of this paper is satirical and we'd like
lhc ads to have a humorous tone.

Ads for this issue are limilcd lo CIT-CdmleS groups
or individuals. 'l he rule, for this issue only, will
he $l.5() pcr column inch.

lo submit ads or lor more inlormalion, contact
[oil or Dan in lhc ASP oliicc, CC 334; or give
lisncall .11457 2|‘J0.

 

 

Tickets:

 

“Incl ante

Sunday, March 14th in {the Gym

Doors open 8:30

$2.50 with tax $5.00 without

Sponsored by Class of ’73

 

 

