t

t
1

“AW .-M. W

-K. .N.-. cﬂmw A ANNA

~._.—\,s

-  .A’wmmvv
A- Maw. at», “wwcAm-N

 

 

 

 rd“... s., 7

 

 

 

‘ “9?.4. i. ,
hint-s in menu. mini 10 mm... mm as tiiisniumii atom. mi: on aim
, k

   

’l’i'f ii

i

\.

Skier] "ﬂ
sag; i". .

Ell

Mia) v, _.

   

ALBANY, STUDENT PRESS

Communications

 

Fowler Foulup?
To the Editor,

I was interested in reading the account of your
interview with Barnett Fowler as written by Dennis
Whitehead. May I say it was well done, particularly
in view of the amount of material you had to
handle.

Along with whatever corrections Mr. Fowler may
request, may I also ask a point be clarified? At one
point you report Mr. Fowler stating he received a
letter from me speaking of the diiinages incurred
this year. There is some misunderstanding here. Mr.
Fowler was sent a copy of a letter I wrote iii
response to a request for information from one of
his readers. by the reader. At no time iii this issue
has there been any direct written communication
between Mr. Fowler and me.

May I also clarify the fact he reported. While it is
true there has been in excess of $5,000 damage
done, more than $3,600 has been collected from the
offenders. This is standing policy at this university.
As with any outstanding fee or fine, failure to pay
results in withheld grades and re-registration per-
mission. I hope that having and using all of the
information in context will give a point of view not
now present in Mr. Fowler's comments or iii your
account of them.

Sincerely.

l'l, David Van Dyck
Assistant to the President
for Community Relations

Soviet Jewry

To the University Community,

When a system of government, in full knowledge
of its acts, attempts to deprive three million of its
citizens both their human iind their national rights.
it becomes the duty of man citcrytitln're to protest.
To do otherwise is to abrcgiite the tenuous
connections we all have with humanity.

The fact that there are only sixty synagogues in
the whole of the vast territory covered by the Soviet
Union provides mute testimony to the systematic
destruction of Soviet Jewry. by the Soviet authori-
ties. 'I‘hia fiict has been well publicized by the
various campaigns for Soviet Jewry. yet most of us
still lie dormant while horror continues.

0n Simchiit ’l‘oriih. the Jews of Russia gather iit
their synagogues and transform themselves into men
and women unafraid of the informers, the agitators.
and the secret police who taunt them the whole
year around. They sing whatever Hebrew songs mid
phrases they know. (lance to whatever tunes they
are aware of, and pray with a depth that would
leave most of us ashamed at our own arrogances.
They proclaim, despite the pressure not to, their
desire to remain Jews. to unite with their fellow
Jews in spirit, and to reaffirm their desire to go to
Israel.

It is for the purpose of informing the University
community about the plight of Soviet Jewry that ii
group of students have gathered together iind
created the Coalition for Soviet Jewry. Our major
aim in to create ii sustained awareness of the
problem on campus and to get both faculty iind
student to act and protest of the abuses being
perpetrated by the Soviet system. We see ourselves
as an educating group: providing speakers, film».
and cultural activities geared toward the creation of
that awareness. We docm moat important. to imr
press most of you who share with us a concern for
humanity with the urgency of this problem. We
need your support-- your active aupporlv‘ to get
things done. Will you help us?

On Wednesday, February 24. in Lecture Center I,
Rabbi Godallah will be speaking on the plight of
Soviet Jewry. Ito la a man who lllllt been to the
Soviet Union H tlmoa~- the most recent having been
last summer. He iii aware of the needs. the desires.
and the capabilities of the Jews within the Soviet

Union. Also he is knowledgeable about Al 'I‘i'dom
--organization dedicated to helping the Jews in the
Soviet Union.

Please announce to your classes, friends, and
colleagues that Rabbi Gedaliah will be speaking in
LC 1 at 8:00 p.m. on Feb. 211.

Barry Silvcrherg

I
Correction
To the Community,

In the February It), 197l issue of the ASP, a letter
was printed from Eugene Myers. which charged
Bookstore Manager Bob DiNovo with lying about
book order cuts. Through an FSA employee, the
ASP obtained a copy of the text book order card
sent in by the professor itl question.

The card is dated October tit), l97li, and requests
twentyvtwo copies of two different texts. The
Bookstore ordered the books and on December 8
and December l7 all copies of each book were
received (in plenty of time for the Spring rush).

Mr. Myers apparently was misinformed when he
was told that twenty-four books had been ordered
by the professor, If someone is lying, it‘s not
anyone dowti at the Bookstore.

'I‘om Clingan
Editor-in-(lliicf
Albany Student Press

Off The Draft

To the Editors:

Your editorial statement. “Keep the Draft,"
should have been about five paragraphs longer, first
because if covers an extremely sensitive issue which
dcseers more disc ion, and second because It is
full of unsupported assumptions about the nature of
an .‘llllt'flt'tlll volunteer army.

You state that it would be unwise to replace the
draft with a volunteer army, because such armies
liaVe “toppled governments" throughout history,
because they are full of “lifer” types. because they
are more costly. and because dt'aflecs “keep the
army human."

To begin with. I see no advantage iii liapltazardly
toppling governments (our owti among them) with ii
conscripted army rather than effectchly toppling
them with a volunteer army.

And then l'm not so sure that tile American
volunteer army is going to be all that effective. The
forces iii America now working against the whole
concept of military preparation are much greater in
mummy and in quality than In any country
throughout history; among those forces are the
news inediii. the peace movement. and the American
notion - honored. if not followed ‘ that ultimate
control of the army rests with civilians,

We should not, then, be afraid of an army of
“lift-rs," especially not one which will cost more to
the taxpayers. I wuiild challenge, though. the
assumption that a system which replaces the Draft
will be tnore costly; and I would also challenge your
assumption that a volunteer army would be com-
poscil of “a piitriotic. conservative officer class mid
a largely-black population of enlisted men,“ I can't
reply to your arguments for these assumptions
however, because there weren‘t any. '

Finally. the notion that It draft system “keeps the
army human" is totally inconceivable. Who reaps
the benefits of this “humanity?” The Vietnamese
families we reluctantly wipe out'.‘ The American
families we patriotically split apart?

We are not rationally discussing the nature of the
military iii American society; behind this discussion
is the ideal ‘ possibly even shared by the President ‘
that someday there won't be any need for ttll army
iit all. Ending the draft is ii tiimiiy firiit step and the
number of better method» of achieving the ideal 
almost painful to think about; bitt at least for now
let's stop looking for "equitable" ways of foreln.
men to fight overseas and let's start putting them ﬂ
work ending the war iit home. I

   
 

to

John ()‘(lrady

 

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24, 1971
u i r l V \.

Comment

Editorial

 

The Cost of Eating

When the Board of Directors of the I"at~it|i_y-
Student Association meets next month. they should
have on their agenda the announcement of meal t’ttlc\
for next year.

This has been a bad year economically. with tit;itl_\
students losing what jobs they have. On top of itm.
the University has raised the iiiiiion. ()nly (ind :uid
tlic Dormitory Authority know what room titles “I”
be next year. The last thing anyone needs. but the
first thing they‘ll get is a meal price increase fioni
FSA.

Inﬂation hits everyone. even non-profit IiSA. But
in such a year of increases, is FSA‘s only \tilttltittt
another increase?

Resident students are forced to buy meal plans.
which then siibsiiIi/c iioi just the Booksioic. hui ihi-
llttfl‘tt‘r and beauty shops. and even Mohawk L‘tltltplts,
International Students. Alumni. Facility It‘t'tlllllttcltl.
and every RA. and Dorm Director on this L‘tllti]i|t\
On top of this. add the badly-niainigcd Food Scinti-
which is where we started anyway. Resident Sillili‘ttlx
can no longer be coerced iiilo siibsidi/ing t'Vt'I)’iiltt“\
enjoyman FSA‘s past Ill this is clcai: some of lllL'\t'
subsidy piogriims must stop: the captive clicittclc ot
the Faculty-Student Association. stlppitscill) not .i
pi'ol'it- oriented tttgttttllttllttll. must itoi hcai mun-.m-
after increase when thCI' 4% of the total liooil Sciiiic
meal card money is iioi spent on meals!

The law binding residents to the inefficient I‘S\
must be repealed. When a better incal can he
obtained at the Snack Bat than at the ()uadianglc
iIIIt/ for/ctr nioiici'. then something is eating. and lllt'
answu is not picking the piicc up l‘iiithci. not .I
protective law keeping icsidcnts at l’SA's lllL‘It'_\.

Students have a iiglit to know. rig/ii iioir. “hat
hoaid prices will he. so that they can choose Uillt'l
ways of getting Ihcii daily bicad, And if IllL‘lL‘ \Hll In-
an increase. they have a right to know ti’/t_t'.

 

albany student press

ll” “HM” (""‘l""' l’”"-‘- 1“ ltIItIli-di-il tliii-i- tutu". |ll‘l wet-l tllllll‘tl "-
" """”" V"-" “'w'et ultimo Hui-suici‘ W the taunt-m /\'.‘.Iut|ii .t it 
at o. imam-n. .i fin-n you .it f\lti.niy Ilu- lilinli-iit Ant-t mi. it v M"
iii l Illt[)il'. ti-tilvi it’ll: It Will) \V.i‘.ltiti(]|iiii [\vr-inii' I\lii.ilt\ lVl".~ t ‘l
“5"” l'llllllllllllll'll iunI‘ I'. ‘Idl Itl‘l yuan III ‘I.!i lii't '.t‘llti".lt't ‘.--t ' ‘I'

ltl.illl|ti| |II‘IIIi|l [tl'llllllllL Hall-.ttm ‘i'l.| Now Yolk

i'ili/or—i'ii-i-liicl'
thoiiias g. cliiigaii

Ittiiiiugitig cililitr t'.\'(‘t'll/Il'(‘ cililor

. . . . . . . .aralynniibare , . . -t'"“’ll“‘lil“.‘
uilt'crtiriiig Itiutmgct' itcici' cililitr
jcff roilgcrs "ld‘l "Ml"

(Luis/mil (hirer/[sing Ital/lager associate lIt‘lt‘.\' Willi/1’”.

-‘ ~ . . . Iiarbiiriicoopcrmaii . . . . . . . . . .rui li'\\|-‘
fill.\‘lll(‘.\‘.\' tiiaiiagcr . t V maids oriiiglicr
chuck riliak . , . . . , . terry well

ll.\'.\‘f.\'lillll business manager

fcu/nrcs cili/i tr
. pliilinark . .

a . . . john o'grad)
Ill-"t ‘t‘l'tllt' _/t'tlfltl't'.\' rill/i Ir\ I
. john fairlnill
. dc hbic llttltltlsttllll

Icc/itiii‘ti/ editors
. . . . .suc seligsoii
. '. . . . . . .diinwilliams
il.\‘.\‘iti'lilli‘ Ii‘t'llttii'il/ i‘ililitri‘
. . . . . .toinrliodes . . . .
.. « . I. . . . .warrcnwisliart ri.r.\'oi'ialctlrl.\‘cililitr
iirctilaiiuii tiiaiiiigcr ‘ "'Ifl‘d“ ""10""

um t'tIl/itl'
liiidii waters

 - - . . . .riic faulkner .t‘iili‘ltlt't-Ifli'l'

grajjiIi/clrirsi/ictl I . - r

. . . . . .dorothy pliiliip t'tl/lilllllfi'i/flt‘f

gulp/m“. ‘ _ I ' ~ 4 . I winner
. . . . .  .jongutnnan ci'Ii'ciiiIoI' ‘

Itliuioirraltln'cilimr . . . . . . - » ‘ "‘H‘HH“
. . , .rlciiiirdalversoii

. bob Lari-mint

"Jaztnﬁ‘TFn :‘WN‘I Pris: does not axlll. it's all a hummii at rm"
m. Cam uI-c v Iomo chance It should mainrialtui it would he tucaiuit in
To "Whit" mini building at tho Stain Univauiiy at New Vork at Albany
n" "um, a?“ ’rumd W" 4512190 or 2104. but there probably won‘t ha
h . no I I rumor that the ASP was founded by the class 0' Hilb-

' "mm," M AP "‘d l' ""‘d'm bv mandatory Iludcm not. bar I wonder.

Lott-u to the editor are limited to 800 words and are lublact to editing ltV

 

Ilic Idllor-ln-chlnl. pence.

WEDNESDAY,‘FEBRUARY 24. 1971

 

 

 STUDENT PRESS

 

Soviet Internal Policy
Persecutes Nation’s Jews

by The Coalition for Soviet Jewry

An ASP Column

The Soviet authorities are systematically attempting to obliterate
Jewish culture within the Soviet Union. To this end, they have closed
hundreds of synagogues, leaving only (it) for a conservatively
estimated three million Jews. Furthermore, they have prohibited
Jewish education from continuing by closing Rabbinical seminaries,
forbidding the publication of Yiddish literature , and prohibiting the
establishment of Jewish educational facilities.

The Soviet government has actively supported the growing wave of
Anti-Semitism in the USSR. They have excluded Jews from all areas
of importance, and have devised regulations preventing Jew-s from
entering the universities, from working in their former places of
employment, and from exercising the limited rights guaranteed by the
Soviet constitution. In short, they've succeeded in reviving the wave
of terror so reminiscent of the days of Stalin.

Although the Soviet authorities have, in the past, allowed, andevcn
aided to a limited extent, the attempts of nationalities wtthin Its
borders, to rcvch iind embellish their cultures, they have forbidden
the same rights to Soviet Jewry (tenth in size of the 108 nationalities
of the USSR). In addition. they have forbidden Soviet Jews to
emigrate to Israel. .

'l‘he blatant reminder of these injustices is evident in the recent
planning mid execution of the Leningrad ’l‘t'ialstof which more‘are
planned!) in which tweleI people (ten of whom were Jews) were giyen
extremely harsh sentences for “crimes” they never committed. 'lwo
defendants were condemned to "death by firing squad" while the
other teii sentences ranged from four to fifteen yeiirs hard liibor in
forced liibor camps. ' t ' .

Through a worldwide outcry of horror and disbeliet, _tlie.SoViet
authorities were forced to reduce the sentences. Considering the
conditions within the Soviet Union. imprisonment in a forced labor
camp means slow death, It makes one wonder as to the real
humanitarian bent of the Soviet system. ' _

We must vigorously protest the denial of human and national rights
to the Jewish People within the Soviet Union. We must show the

Soviet government and its arbitrary legal system that the worlhd is
watching their continuation of the “genocide that somany. ave
hoped was part of the past. We must not Sit by as we did when the
noble Czechoslovaks were denied their liberty as humans and
nationals. but must join together and prove that human dignity and
human lives have value. I ‘

At the same time, we must make aware the cVident connections
between Soviet Middle East policy and the refusal 'of the USSR to
allow Soviet Jews to emigrate to Israel. We must continue to appeal to
the “saner” elements within the USSR to allow the eXIt of Jews. In
brief, we must act in full moral support iind express our solidarity—in
mind and budy— with the crisis Soviet Jews now face. .

To further that action, we hereby propose the formation of a
coalition of interested persons and groups at SUi‘lYA campus to
promote a sustained awareness of the plight of SoVIetlJewry: in'the
face of the massive campaign launched by the SOViet authorities
i ii inst. them. We ro use the following: I '
"L’f‘he lnltfllﬁificzltlfollpof discussion, on this campus and Within the
community, of the plight of Soviet Jewry. To further this end, we will
provide a series of speakers to heighten awareness to. this problem.
Our present plans include a mass demonstration and Vigil at the capital
to express concrete solidarity with the oppressed Jews Within the
Soviet Union. We will, furthermore, disseminate various materials to
combat the Soviet vilification campaign. ‘ I

Our goal and aim is to get the campus and. community to show its
indignation over the deprivation of human dignity to the Jews within
the Soviet Union. It. is an aim that one can partiCipate in regardless of

i ' ' reli 'ion, or nationality. .

r Ifliir organisational meeting will take place on February 24th, in one
of the lecture halls (check your clipboard for the exact. location). Our
guest speaker will be Rabbi Gedaliiih, a man knowledgeable of the

litmmntlurilllt activities of Al 'l‘idom, an organization dedicated 'to

keeping alive the human dignity which the Jews within the Soviet

Union have so far shown. We hope to see as many ol you as possible

there next Wednesday.

'NO ...FIRST YOU WITHDRAW. THEN WE REMOVE THE ROCKET!‘

U‘lva’fl‘ Vlffﬂﬂ‘Wi‘A‘t'
metricfi’iitllt’n / -

  

    

The Soviet Union's dual policy of opposition to Israel and persecution of its native
Jewish population is far from coincidence.

 

, (class of 1972)

CLASSIFIED ADS
PRODUCE RESULTS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The State University Barber ? P
Shop Win be open smurday l i It you li.i\c something to show, icll, ill sell - .tdvct'tisc it
10 AM m 3 PM tor your P If“ I. N 0“ You IUH To “(‘H g in the (.|.issilicil Settion ol the Albany Student Press.
convenience. . I
l \\'i ll heart It woo ii. Sign ii p i) [very Flitldy your ad Will be ctrciiiaicit to over l0,000
TVI’ING SERVICE   people. Classified forms are available .it the Campus
- H NAL - ‘ ‘ J | . 
Pnoszﬁg'l‘wr".T'V’mmm l for tlll il|)|)()l iiinii-iit N()\\’ iii Illt‘  (Tcntcr Inlormaiion Desk, or by Wining. Classtflcd
I','.\[l‘-i~ii'llt'4;tllIll nutty/“'5 e/ i 4i Department; Campus Center 334; I400 Washington
lioi'iorii )issi't' (1 Ions ’ I
' " """"“"“""""”"" . . » . . . . Avcnitc;Alb.iny, NY. 12203.
|Iii.4..~.l...t..i.taHum f?(‘ltlii|)IIt-i ( (‘lilt‘l Iiiloi motion In hk.” 1'
Day oi Evuiimo A A LA-A A “MD-

 

 

1;

 

 

 

