.3.

5%
ii

 

 

 

l
I
~ 7
I

~ mm. is" omens...” '._.. g _ \_ ‘

PAGE 12

The Campus Mood

 

by Roscoe Drummond
Opinion

Washington. From everything I read and hear - especially in being
cross-examined by campus audiences - here are .some conclusions about
today 's students:

1. Most students are decisively turning away from extremist ties - left or
right. Only a minute percentage wants any alliance with or gives support to
the violence-prone SDS, to the Black Panthers, the John Birch Society or the
Ku Klux Klan.

2. In growing numbers young people believe they can and should work
through the political system - rather than outside it - to achieve their goals.

3. Some more activist students, though rejecting violence, are deeply
distrustful of ever being able to make the democratic process work for them
and state that their faith in it is wearing very thin.

Driving force

On balance I find a less pessimistic mood on most campuses. But, in talking
with young people, which is quite frequent, I also discover that they really
do not realize how much they have influenced national policy in the last few
years.

Young people have provided the driving force for a notable change in
public thinking in a remarkably short period of time.

They have not been alone in this effort. Many older adults have shared and
still share their objectives. But students have certainly been a significant,
perhaps a dominant, force in turning the nation almost wholly around on the
Vietnam war, in reforming the draft, in galvanizing national concern on
environmental pollution, and in bringing Congress nearer to trying out a
volunteer army.

By any standard of political action, this is a remarkable sum of
achievement. I can think of nothing to match it inso short a period of time.

Ability to inﬂuence

Except for difference of opinion over the pace of withdrawal, the
students have decisively won on the issue of Vietnam. Withdrawal is
irreversible and President Nixon knows it. His forthcoming report on troop
removal will almost certainly announce a speedup in withdrawal.

In a recent interview Mr. Nixon made this revealing comment: “Those who
think Vietnam is going to be a good political issue next year are making a
grave miscalculation.”

This can only mean one thing - that the President intends that withdrawal
from Vietnam shall be so continuous and so substantial that critics of the
President will have little to argue with.

This suggests that most young people are not putting a high enough value
on what they have already accomplished. They simply don’t know their own
strength. I think they have no need to despair about their ability to inﬂuence
public policy.

Some activist students argue that they can't bring themselves “to
participate in the normal political process until they see evidence that the
system will respond to their attitudes."

Political power

This means to me to rest on a misunderstanding of how democracy works.
What kind of a democracy would we have ileverybody refused to take part
unless they were sure in advance that their views would prevail.

Students should not believe that democracy has failed them if in a
particular instancu they don't get everything they want. Democracy consists
of a perpetual struggle to win a majority to your side.

Young people have already won a great many to their side and the need is
for them to keep it up, to help make democracy work better, to make our
Institutions even more responsive to public demand.

They can do this by working more diligently than ever to build an animate
public opinion on crucial issues and by helping to elect public officials who
share their main purposes.

By their present achievements, young people are proving their political
power.

(imprinted by permission from The Christian Science ltlonitor.©l.‘)7l The
Christian Science Publishing Society. All rights reserved.)

'YOU'RE QUITE RIGHT. SIR. WE ,A_RE, DIRTY. ODIOUS. REPULSIVE, FILTHY KIDS—WE‘VE IEEN

CLEANING UP THE OIL SLICK IN THE DAY!”

90' MK “WM
l‘ﬂl (UT

 

Kids...whai‘s the matter with kids these days?

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 
 

 

g

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1971

 

I bet you're really pleased to be able to vote
in free, democratic, guarantee~fi11ed elections.

 

 

Students are no more thrilled about the American style of democracy than
the Latin American people.

 

Soviet Jewry:

by Barry Silverbcrg
Student Coalition for Soviet Jewry
An ASP Column

Since 70 A.D. when the Romans destroyed the Second Temple
of the chs, the Jews have been in exile from their land of Israel.
’I‘hroughout history, from that point onwards, we have been
unwelcome in many countries, used by many as scapegoats, and
have been the target of an irrational human anger known as ch
hatrcd.0ur parents have been murdered before our eyes, our
grandparents humiliated for their dressing habits, and we the
objects of vast efforts of conversion.

In [933, Hitler came to power in Germany. Concentration
camps were built, and again we wcriI victimizod. Six million of our
brothers died. The Jewish population of Europe was cut drastical-
ly. Who can actually imagine the extent of six million human
beings systematically destroyed? In our society, one human life is
sacred, can we allow three million more to follow their brothers?

Our “establishment” organizations have been active - so they
tell us. Yet, for all their bureaucracy, they have only spurred the
release of a trickle of Jews from lhc Soviet Union and its
satellites. The time is now for the colleges to get into the streets
and demonstrate for the freedom of Soviet Jews. A dollar or two
dollar donation to an organization helping Soviet Jews is not
enough - we‘ve got to do more!

The hurt is deep to see the lack of response of my fellow
students to this injustice, Jews wanl to leave the Soviet Union
now. They are in need of our support as lhey have nchr been in
need of it before. We can't ignori- llicir pleas (us some say we
haw); we've goi Io hpr lllt'lll.

Even small l|('l..\ on our part ill‘t‘ better than none at all. On
Wednesday, April ‘llsl, we're asking you to fast; to allow lllt'
money usually used Ior your conlriicl dinners in go towards the
purchasing of packages of food, clothing, and medicine for
families of imprisoned Soth Jews. We‘re asking you to sign up at
your dinner lines this Wednesday and 'l‘hursday, and to honor
your responsibility Io your fellow man.

That night, April dist, we're asking you to join us in II march
from Draper Hall to the State Capital (march to start at 5:00
pm.) to begin a twenty-four hour vigil to commemorate the six
million, and to show our concern and solidarity with the three
million others within the Soviet Union.

Are we asking too much?

 

Travesty of Justice

 

 

  

oiﬁ‘iiéﬁ'f", ‘ .

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

State University of New‘ York at Albany

Vol LVlll No. 29

Rates Reduced
On Indian Quad

by Carol Hughes

Residents of lndian Quad will receive a [5% room rate reduction for
both semesters this year. President Louis Bent-let announced the
official state approval of the discount at the Campus Forum.
Complaints from students regarding pour conditions on the quad
prompted the action.

Discussion of the implications and effects of the tight budget was
the main topic of the Wednesday conference. Stringent legislative cuts
havv ('mlscd Ilic abandonman of plans to rent the Picotte Building on
Western Avenue, which would have housed the School of Library
Sciencv and lhc Departments of Economics and Computer Science.
Financial setbacks will not lead to dismissals, Benezet revealed, and
only two programs, the Center for Science and Society and the Center
for Government Executives, will be dropped. These two were
specifically cut by the legislature.

“ll looks as though we will have even more classes in the late
afternoon," President Beiicht commented on the budget’s effects on
students next year. An increase of the student-faculty ratio and few
added stuff will also mark the coming semesters. Problems with space
ri-mnin unsoIVcd.

llard hit by the depleted budget is the EOP program. At present,
unless the governor's supplemental budget appropriates more money
for the program, fewer new EOP will be admitted. in a meeting with
Chancellor Boyer and other SUNY presidents it was decided that the
EOP program will be the first request priority from the state
university in the governor's supplemental budget, Benezet revealed.
Hopefully money will be available from the federal government.
through Aid to the Disadvantaged.

The future of the Day Care Center is also in danger. Funds from
Student Association and the SUNYA Benevolent Association will
finance the center for the rest of the academic year. The Board
governing the Day Care Center will be meeting soon to attempt to
solve the problems facing them.

The Committee on Educational Policies is reviewing the proposed
Environmental Studies Program. A small pilot unit for a living/learn-
ing center on lndian Quad seems likely according to President
Benezet. Some professors have offered to change their academic
emphasis to Environmental Studies. Further funding will probably
not be needed.

Also mentioned at the Forum was the expected completion of
lndian Quad. Vice President for Student Affairs Clifton Thorne
reported Mohawk Tower will not be ready in the full, but the low-rise
dorms and the cafeteria should be ready for student use.

Student comment on the effectiveness of the present Academic
Calendar and the Academic Schedule was also solicited. The continua-

tion of the present calendar will be decided by October, 1971.

  

was,er .
The fines for overdue library books may be increased if the University Senate passes a proposal made by

the Library Council.

 

4..

    

   

 

 

Friday. April l9. I97l

 

Due to budget cuts, classes next year will be a little more crowded. Hopefully, we will not get to this
extremei it‘s cold here in the winter. ,
»--polskowski

Overdue Book Fine Hike
Proposed by Library Council ~‘

by Howard Mahler

A committee of the Library Council of the University Senate has proposed a new circulation policy to
be effective at the beginning of the Fall semester. The Committee is headed by Dr. Donald B. Stauffer of
the English Department at SUNYA.

Stauffer said one of the largest complaints regarding the University Library is that there are not enough
books and that overdue books are numerous, thus students are deprived of their use. Both students and
faculty members are the blame for this problem. A prompter return of books avails greater material in the
Library for the Univorsity Community.

The problem was revealed at a hearing held by Dr. Jonathan Ashton, Director of the University Library.

Stauffer said that Ashton, who is on the Library Council, is pleased with the proposal since it will relieve
the pressure for books.

An increase in finces for overdue books may exist for Fall 1971. The pattern from the Library Council
Report to the University Senate is below. The report will be submitted April 20.

“The idea of fines is not punitive," explained Stauffer. They are instituted to insure prompter return of
books. Fines for failure to return material when recalled, however, is punitive.

“Why don't students and faculty members have equal rights in regard to the new circulation proposal?
Stauffer explained it is a time honored tradition on American Universities for the faculty to have
extended rights to the library. He also said Doctoral Candidates and faculty doing research may need
library material for lengthy periods. Reminder notices on outstanding material will be sent mid-semester

“ ‘ m m. to faculty members. This is an inducement to return material they are
not using.

The Circulation Policy Committee desires a response to the
proposal. There will be a hearing Tuesday, April 20, at 3:00 in the
Piilroon Lounge.

In order to shelve more material on the stacks a group of English
Graduate Students organized by Karl Felsen volunteered on a
Saturday to help the Library staff. The Library is under staffed due to
a limited budget.

The pattern is as follows:

Students: Three-week loan period, books cnniiol be recalled during
the initial loan period. If not requested by another user, books may be
renewed for successive three-week periods unlil the end of the
semester. Renewals must be with book in hand. (Note: this is
necessitated by the use of a computer-controlled system.) Failure to
renew: Overdue notices sent one week after dlie date. if book is
returned before notice sent, no line is collected. Fine: For failure to
return book before notice is sent out:  l (l per day from due date (for
each day Library is open). The minimum fine will thus be $.70. Fine
accumulates until book is returned or reported losl. Fines will be cut
in half if paid in person when the book is returned.

Faculty and doctoral candidates: ’l‘hree~week period, with automatic
renewal up to end of semester when not recalled. Material subject to
recall after three weeks. Reminder notices on outstanding materials to
be sent at mid-semester. At end of semester material must be returned
or renewed in person. Overdue notices will be sent out for material
not returned or renewed. Iv‘inc: For failure to return or renew book
before notice is sent out: Same schedule as for student loans.

Students and Faculty: Rcscrucs.‘ A student or faculty member may
place on reserve any material which has been in circulation for more
than three weeks. The Library will notify the person when the
material has been returned. Recall notices: Sent when books are
requested by another user. For books requested during the initial loan
period, recall notices will be sent at the end of the three-week period.

 

“vols/rowski .
continued on page 3

 

 

 

 

 

 

