 

 

mm 4 '

ALBANY s'runsai' .PRESS

'FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 197]
\

 

  

    
   

aL THOUGHT wt WERE
'aﬂLé‘fo his Mews: Tom'r.’

 

GENPRATION" '
56X ANT/it...

   

     
 
   

 

 

   
    

      
  

     
 

. , ‘f' I", [Hi 4 ’ j

 . ( ﬁrﬁdfiﬁp/

;  "IA R's-vi ,
= El 5

Jim"

 
 

       
  

The above cartoon is entirely the work ol Jon Guitinan's perverted imagination. Any complaints should be sent to him.

   

Cmnmun

The Enemy Bookstore

To the Editor:

In your Febraury 15, 1971 issue of the ASP you
printed, "The miinager of the bookstore, Robert
DiNovo, stands ready to assure any faculty member
that not one order has been cut this year, and will
not be cut in the future." I wish Mr. DiNovo would
stand ready to assure iiin student that not one order
has been cut this year. In such a case, I would be
glad to call him a '9 .r

Over the past thrciI and a liiilf years I have learned
that the SUNYA bookstore is the students‘ worst
enemy. I have been told not less than ten times (one
time this semester) that the bookstoriI was out of a
book I needed. I have resorted to buying them
elsewhere, borrowing them, waiting tor them to
come in, and, in one case, dropping the course.

I am presently waiting fora book. When I first
went to buy it. I was told the bookstore ordered
twenty‘two books. When I talked to my professor
about it, he said he ordered twenty-four After a
count of how many people in the class didn't have
the book, my prof found two peoplil (including
myself) had been screwed by the bookstore. Now
you tell me, if 21 books werc ordered by my
professor and 22 by the bookstore, how many
people should be short a book?

Since Mr. DiNovo did not cut one order this
semester, the only way to explain this is that Mr.
DiNovo does not know how to count. Maybe he
thinks if you take two away from twenty-four, you
still have twenty-four. One thing that I'm sure of is
that he’s trying to con the faculty of SUNYA.
PROFESSORS BEWARE”

Eugene Myers

Misconceptions

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter in reference to the “Where
is Racism Going?" an article which appeared in the
Feb.12 issue of the ASP.

In this article Michael Lippman stated that every»
one is a racist. Perhaps this true. Throughout his
article he made a great deal of smart remarks about
black students on the S.U.N.Y.A. campus, stcrco-
typing everyone.

His article implied how the average white student
feels about the black student. Personally I could
care less how the average white student feels about
me. Because I could tiikc you or leave you. I could
havo better things to do than to worry about how
you dress.

Incidentally, I can write an entire article making
false accusations against Whites us did Michiicl
toward Blacks. I refuse to play up to his ignorance. I
realize that his aricle was a product of his stupidity.

He shows that the white students are strangling in
their superiority complex, to such a degree where
their emotions are affected, and they are hurt. In
other words the white students are saying that
Blacks have no right to have money, and dress nice
at least not toput do any white person. I think that
is rntlior ridiculo ., don't you?

What the article was trylng to say is that we are
gutting everything free. There are a great deal of
wliitu students on E.0.P., but they don't make it
known. They only appear on days when money is
being handed out. How come they do not dress
nice?

As a matter of fact there are very few students on

icanons

this campus paying their entire way through school.
Michael himself pointcd out to me that he is getting
money from the Regents Exam Board of New York
State, just us I am. I would like for all of you who
feel that way to know my parents are helping to
send you through school because they are tax
payers.

So never think for a minute we are getting
anything free because you are getting the same
thing. If our gains, mid accomplishments hurt you I
hope it kills you. Think about it!!!

  

Gerry Russell

Not a Racist

To the Editor:

In her column, “White Students: lnscnsilivc and
Blind," Miss Griffith raises some interesting ques-
tions. Shc says, “...you (whites) have the nervu to
want to rob them (Blacks) of their fciv requests. Are
you some greedy child that must have an equal
share of everything?

I personally think the "child" is really unneccs»
sury, since being a greedy adult is just as despicable
if not more so. However, is wanting an equal share
greedy? lfso, then the whole concept of "equality"
as being righteous and just inusl come under close
scrutiny. It might not. he just at all, only grccdy! If
so, then all these years, while I thought the Blacks
were crying out for justice, they were only guilty of
grccd, albeit lllt‘ sumc greed we whites have been
giiilly of all along, but greed none the less.

And what of those “few rujuests." "...t Andi if we
request you to serve tis, it's your obligation....," is
one of them. M.s riffith, if not I BXPlICltly. then
certainly implicitly raises the question, why
“...can‘l you accept the change? That is, sinCe the
Black man has been exploited by, and subservient to
the whites for four centuries, why can‘t you accept
a reversal of roles?

I do not belich Miss Griffith‘s contention that
because I am white, lam therefore ruscist.. (Post [in
ergo prnplcr Iioc). However, if Miss Griffith truly
believes what she writes, then perhaps in her
attempt to be fiicetious, she may have inadVertentIy
airchrcd her own questions in her very last puru~
graph.

 

 

Respectfully,
Fred Neil Peck

Beauty in the Mind

To the Editor:

’I‘hut blatant racism is indeed still iilive can b‘
clearly seen in Margaret Griffith's column in th(-
Feb. l5 ASP. Her statement that it is "quite obvio t'
that the stigma of Blacks being shiftless lazy arid
dirty has just been ll means of projecting I on
innate qualities" is characteristic of the ugly sluiI r
often heard from the mouths ofwhitc racists H m

By. suggesting that you can perceive an individual“
qualities and habits from his outward appearai Ms
Miss Griffith accepts the tenet by which flit.
racists establish that individuals having blackw 
are inferior. Her tendency to generalize is d H m
ous. Racism thrives on such stereotypes. “user
‘ Of course, any really beautiful aspect of a era
is found In his mind, not in his phytrlcal iip cup (3“
We can see very little beauty in the liniiliiltnwf
Margaret Griffith. But then, she probabl I u“
give a damn about what we think. y “mm l

Eric Parsons
’I‘om Burks

-~-Mtt..s.m at  m}

Editorial Comment

 

Keep the Draft

There are few subjects more discussed and put down in llitltici"
America than the Draft. The length to which it has gonc it
cxemplcficd by Laird's prediction of a volunteer army by 197“,-
Nixon will go along with phasing out the draft. ilicii the Penna.”
must have no objection. ‘

And yet, there are any number of objections to a mum“,
army. Throughout history, it‘s bccn mcrccnary (volumcciramp,
which toppled governments. Most vclcrans \llzllL‘ :i ||ll|\t‘i\.ii
dislike of “lifcr” types can you imagine all aini_\ ol Ila-in’ln _,
strictly volunteer army. where all vie for a beta-rant] tacit...
status, would the My Lai massacre ever have bccn tllkUnulHI'

The inﬂux of reluctant. but moral. young (llilllL‘L‘\ am “it.”
keeps the army human at least that part of thc army L‘lltllgcil “in,
carrying out orders. The army would become a \ll.tllgt' mm.
section of America: a patriotic, conscrvativc offich t'l.l\\ .ini] ,
largely-black population of cnlistcd men.

The professional wariior was the mark of the p.l\l. \\III In; ii“.
be the cmblcm of the most advanced nation on c.nih ' t inn-m
thcrc will be little objection: ilic young nicn \\lll loi iii in _
part, feel my relieved. and the Pentagon “1” hair .I ll] il'.’  it,
more reliable, more obedient tool, ()nl) ,‘\lllL'llt.t nit! 

 

Mike Lippman Replies

I believe I can clear up all charges of (‘tiwnl‘tllt't'.
liberalism, racism and ignorance Very simply My
article on racism has been wildly misunderstood It
was not an aritclc stating my thoughts on Iln- black
situation at SUNYA; the black situation is sonicihmg
I am not qualifier! to write about. It was my opinion
of a white mood existing on campus, the mood that i
believe a majority of whites share, one of fear and
ignorance of the new black image. The (llltilulltilis
Were not mine and I do not agree with the ti]!lllltlll\
expressed in them-they were included to court-y
openly feelings which are expressed only in r.u~i.ill\
unmixed circles.

I expected to get. alot of shit from the artich- I Was
so sure it would come from whites angry at ltl'lllL'
placed on the defensch that I couldn‘t i'orsr-c it
would be misread as a personal diatribe :ig:i|li>l
blacks.

For those who couldn't reach me by phone. l
moved this semester and my new number i~

457-th 5.
Michael I.t|)|)lililll

 

 

 

albany student press

the Albany Sliidi-ni Press IS illitilisliud ilnrie lulu". |N'l Wt't'k ilHHlbl ""
.iciicleinu: year (except Lttiriiui ieiussosl by the Student A‘i'th raian t'l ll“
State University oi New York at Albany llio Stiirleiii Assoi moon ‘2’ "4"“
ll) Campus Center 346 at I400 Waslimqinii Avenue, Albany NV“ ‘1‘”
l22tlfl. Slit)5l‘ll[)lli)l\ pill]? is $0 per veal (1' it!) [an si-niesioi film “it KM“
mailing noinni pending, Ballsion Spa, New York

editor iii-chief
tliomus g. clingun

mum‘im“ "mm" t'.\‘t't'llfll't’ cililor

' '. ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ‘mllyllll illlilrc . . . . carol hughi"
adia-rlising inanagi-r in'uis I'tllful'

. . . . .vicki Icldin

ussoi'iuli' iii'ius cililnrs _

, . roy lcun

muidu oringht‘l

it-rry “all

. . . . . . . .jcffrodgcrs
assistant advertising manager
. . . . hurluinicoopcrman
business Ina/iagcr
. . . . . . .cliuck ribak . . . . -
li't'hllll‘ul (‘tflltlrS features t'tflll‘r
_ I ~ . john o'graily
assistant [I‘Hllm's "‘l'l‘m . .
john tairlulll
. dchbic iuilansalia

.suc scligson
. . . . . . . daiiwilliams

associalc technical i'dilors
- . tom rhodcs
. . . . . . warrcnwisiiurt .
circulationmanager “hymn” l' I I"

. j _ uuauill’
associate ai'Is l'tflftll'

"wimp. palclla

soc faulkner

 

L’rllfflft/(llusstI/Ii’rl .
graphics. - dummy phiml) slmi'ls‘i'ililoi, I
' - . . . h Iarcniiu
hilolilih‘dlliiyIt'll/[orJo” gummm Ml“,an “ll/"r b” .
I lay roseubcrg m): H'm‘ur‘ » '~J “""l‘"

lllllu' cllis

The Albany Student Press is located In Room 323 or mu Campus Cantu ot

(genitals University at New York at Albany (100 yard: do» mum at the
P c lymboll. WI were tound in ‘8 Wand are a member at the Alsoclulﬂd
m" w“ 3" kam ln utnanco by a mandatory "mm" m'
at in touch with us hm coil. ll ihui doesn't wo'l‘ "V "m

Pun. For no". ,.
H You want to g

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

from the Scranton Report-

Who Is ‘Tommy the Traveler’?

 

 

The following are excerpts of the Scranton Commission Report
on Campus Unrest, in particular, Hobart College and incidents
related to an untrained undercover agent Thomas Tongyai‘.

Part [11, including the conclusions and recommendations of the
investigation, will be printed on Monday.

The ASP thanks Curtis West, editor of The Herald, Hobart
College, Geneva, N. Y., for his aid in obtaining the copy of the
report.

 

 

THE NIGHT OF JUNE 5

()n the morning of June 5 at 13:30 am. members
of the Ontario ('ouniy Shcrift’s Department came
onto the Hobart campus to make arrests for
narcotics possession on intormation provided by
l‘liomas 'I'ongyai. lo the process of thc arrests two
assmcnt

 

other students were pickcd up on hui
chargcs. mic who yelled. "host." and the oihcr for
yclling. “l’ig.” at 'l'ominy. During the apprehension
of these tivc students, no person offered resistance
or attempted obstruction of the officers. (‘ollcgc
officials had iiol been notified in advance of thc
warrants and thc arresting officers appeared on
campus out of uniform and in unmarked cars.

Word spread quickly throughout the dormitory
complex, which houses 300 students that “Tommy
thc Traveler" was an undercover agent working with
the police and that some students had been ar-

  

   

You CAN’T ARREST ME!
I'M AN UNDE’MDVE/r‘ AGENT

FOR THE EBJ. SENT TO CAUSE _
COMMUMST AiJARt‘Hls‘TmNSFlRATORS
To £‘XFO5E THEMSEL E5!

 
 

  

   

  
 
 

SORRY ABOUT
HAT. CARRY ON.

     

icslcd by him. Students began to gather inuncd»
iaicly in the dorm parking lot wlicrc thc sheriffs
cans were parked. 'I‘hcy surrounded one car con-
laining Dclcciivc William Simon, Tommy and two
students arrestcd on harassment. Within ten minutes
Dean ofllobart ('ollcgc l{,(). McKcan arrived on the
scene mid assessed the situation as calm and
non-violent. He sought information from the
(lcncva l’olicc (‘hicf 'l‘homas McLaughlin .is to
whom was in charge and the (‘hicf responded, “It's
not my opcralion."

McKcaii spoke witli hoih Detective Simon and
other law cnfoicciiicnl officers on the scene. as well
.I\ Willi several students. He ilclcimincd that stud-
cnis were upset. iioi hccaiisc there had hccii :i
iiaicolics raid, hut hccuiisc 'loiumy the 'liachL‘i.;iii
adamant advocate of Violcncc against agencies of the
United Slutcs govcimiicni. had been working with
the sliciift‘s department. In addition. students could
not understand why ’Iommy had iiol been arrested
on harassmcnl chaigcs. Doc month earlier ’l‘ongyui
had threatened the life of Raphael Martinez. ti
llobail studcnl. A mutant for 'l‘ongyai's aricst was it
issued at that time. The students wanted an ex-
planalion and they were not going to leave the sccnc
until these points were clarified.

Dean McKcan spoke willi Dctcclivc Simon asking
if the students could be released on lll.\ recognizance
in order to :illcviatc the situation and dispcisc tlic
cioud Subsequently, the students \vcic lL‘lt‘th‘tl,
leaving lllllllll) and Simon alone in tlic c;ii.l"ol-
lowing this the crowd still did not dispcnc..is the
other issue of lnmmy's :iiicsl on ihc May i»
liaiassiiiciit waiiaiil had not been icsolvctl. II should
be noted that .it no tniic did any of the peace
oit'iccis on the scene icqucsl, oidci or act in such a
mannci to tllspt‘lat‘ llic ciowd.

Simon pui III a call on his radio to have 'l‘ommy

v. -_ « «rat-«mm.

   
   

 

PART II

arrested and 45 minutes later uniformed officers
arrived with the warrant. However, it was unclear
how to get Tommy out of the area, as the sherist
car had been immobilized by the students sur-
rounding it. At this point several dozen Gencva
police in riot gear wcrc assembling about a block
away on St. (‘laii Strcct. Dcaa McKcan spotted
Sheriff Morrow ncar the riot squad and asked for
what purpose these men had been called out.
Morrow rcplicd in order to get his man (Tommy)
olil.

McKcim suggested a violent confrontation was
unnccssary and requested that the sheriff. some
students and other college officials now present,
discuss an alternative means. The Dean and stud-
cnts, including Scan Campbell, Bruce Davis and
Raphael Martinez, wulkcd among the students ask-
ing them to rcmain pcaccful. chcral students and
McKcan addressed the ciowd from the hood and the
roof of the car containing Tommy and Simon.
telling them the situation was under control and
icitcratiug llic necessity foi cvcryonc to maintain
thcu "cool." It is clear llial Violcncc and bloodshed
was anticipated by the slicilft‘s dcparlmcnl and the
presence of riot police complicach lhc \‘lllltllllill.
Students still remained peaceful and Simon was :iblc
to lcavc his vehicle and walk ficcly among the
crowd.

l’olicc, students and college officials gathCch III a
series of meetings in tlic llCiItl icsidcnt atlvisor‘s
room in a nearby doiui and students PH’PUSCd the
idea of Iota] amnesty for all the students arrcstcd
that night in cxchangc fol Tommy‘s arrest on the
May (i harassment charge This was eventually
agreed to by all as the best means of avoiding a
Violcnl siiuzinon and a written agreement was
woikcd out and signed by Anthony 1.. ('cccrc,('liicf
(‘oimty Dclcciivc, ()niario ('ounly. and witnessed
by llobarl l’icsidcnt Ill). ('auscy and Dcun McKcan
to drop all charges. The annoiinccnicul was made to
thc ciowd. Tommy was removed from the scene by
another patrol car witlioiii difficulty and the crowd

was dispersed at approximately 5 am.
AFTERMATH OF JUNE .w

The June 5 incident Ill llobaii received national
press coverage and ilic public cxposoic of Tommy
as iiiidcicovci law cnloicciiiciil officer. closely
associated wuh subvcrsivc, vrolcnt activities. placed
many (icncva officials III an unconifoiiablc. almost
scandalous position. In ihc midst of CBS and NBC
iiiicrvicwmg students about 'l'ommy's role on cam-
pus vis a vis the RO'l‘t' fiicbonibing and the outcry

NOW.” ER—AHEt/i-hUH-n 0N
SMASHING THOSI:
PIGS...

ouT
Y’s/2 
‘ ‘ HEV,YouGU 5
DON'T true t
THAT F's'I'r}
, eroaibvou

   
  
 

  
 
  

  

     

  

  
   
 
 

 
 

    

".1 r.» .. “nomad..- w..s...«=..M\ A. -

ol Geneva citizens embarrassed by all the publicity,
six days later, on June It the police issued warrants
for seven persons (six students and one Hobart
faculty member), charging them with obstructing
governmental procedure and riot in the second
degree, in connection with the June 5 disturbance
on the Hobart campus.

Thch are certain highly irregular and unusual
circumstances surrounding the arrests and treatment
of Scan Campbell, Raphael Martinez and Bruce
Davis on June ll.

The Hobart Student Council Treasusrer, Tim
Yolcn, was given the run-a-round from Geneva to
(‘anadaigua and back in his efforts to post the
unusually hiin ball of $6,000 for the students, and
the whole ordeal of Campbell,, Davis and Martinez
being transferred from the Geneva .jail to the
(‘anadaigua jail by a patrol car traveling at speeds in
excess of ()0 mph. is at the very least questionable
as to its purpose and necessity. While Campbell,

 

Davis and Martincz wcrc having their hair cut and
faces shaved in jail. a police officer stood next to
them, threatening llicui that they were “going to get
a bullct between the eyes" if they “acted up." The
students arrested were offered no food ofaiiy kind.
even though they were in jail during the noon hour
when meals are fed to all other prisoners.

JUNE I4 7 7IIOBART‘S COMMENCEMENT
AND CITIZENS' DEMONSTRATIONS

()n .luiic II), American Legion members and a
number of Geneva citizens began actively organizing
an anii-llohari demonstration to coincide with the
collcgc‘s commencement exercises. Area news media
g:ch extensive details of the time. place and purpose
of the march. Efforts by the college to prevent the
protest wcrc fruitless and during the graduation
ceremony hundreds of townspeople walked within
75 yards of the proceedings shouting, “Clean it up
or close it down," accompanied by a barrage of car
horn honking. There are some indications that
although police did calm and control the raucous
procession, they were also involved in its organ-
ization and did not restrain the crowd as much as
possible.

JULY 29

'l‘ongyai was found innocent of the harassment
charges of May 0, at which time he threatened the
life of Raphael Martinez and struck a blow to his
shoulder.

JULY 3|

'I‘ongyiii was arrested and charged with filing false
affidavits in order to secure unemployment insur-
ance, while elaployed as an undercover narcotics
agent for tire Ontario County Sheriff. lie was
released in the afternoon on $1,000.00 bull.

i rd»

 

