  

PAGE 12

 

 

  

ll

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
   

 

paws WE Wmmeee'“ “"15 Eli iNEITl-l" Em“ Kt"

Cullen Prul Scrrlu

“and?

  

—_

WING- IF YOU neon:

    

 

 

 

AMERICA 1970

by Barry Kirsliner

“Perhaps you feel too much, and that is your crime," said Jacques
Brel.

And isn't feeling too much the crime of the insane (or those locked
up), the idealists who are continually frustrated, and the cynics,
frustrated so often that they are now insensitive to even frustration?
'l‘otalitarianism has come, 13 years ahead of schedule, but with the
same dehumanizing effect Orwell envisioned. The language of the
nation is double-think, and nothing is what itseems to be. It is a time
when there is not only a conspiracy to paint the world black, but the
conspirators are claiming that when the job is done, the world will be
white.

For example, consider the following:

What is violence? It is burning an R.O.’I‘.C. building. It is not

" ' an " ' ' ‘ration ,. ‘ n to speak on campus. It is
planting a home-made bomb in a research center for the United States
Defense Department.

What is not violence? Burning a yellow skinned baby and its family,
and allowing rats to bite black skinned babies, is not violence. A
factory-made bomb dropped from a $40 million plane on a straw hut
is not violence. The indiscriminate beating of demonstrators,
passers-by, and reporters by “proper” legal authorities in a public park
is not violence.

What is honor? Destroying an enemy on the field ol' battle is
honorable. lnvading another country (as in a secret-agent movie) and
failing, is honorable if the President says so.

What is not honor? Going to prison for refusing to teach bacterial
warfare to green beret soldiers is dishonorable ’l‘aking pictures of
policeman brutally beating a fellow newspaper photographer is
dishonorable,

What is obscene? A sensual movie is obscene. A Black Panther
coloring book is obscene. Abbic Hoffman's usc of the American flag is
obscene.

What is not obscene? A gchrnmcnt orilcrctl fragmentation bomb
dropped in another land with a purpose of severely [act-rating human
skin is not obscene. Police executing black militants is iiol obscene.
Spiro Agncw’s use of the American flag is not obsccnc.

As in most ﬁelds at this time, in i-acliiiig. to do well b-ars little or
no relationship to doing good. In the process of surviving in the
teaching field, you may be causing others in the learning ficltl not to
survive. Whereas at one time thosc who could not fit. in to a sane
world were judged to be crazy, today those who do not fit in to an
insane society are considered deviant. Needless to say, fitting in no
longer carries a sane connotation,

Schools exist to promote society‘s needs, but what if the nccd of
society is revolutionary change? Will the entrenched powers support
an institution seeking to limit the powers they now enjoy? Possibly. l
have underestimated the e(lucationiil function of today's schools, but
since education demands cognitive freedom, it is incompatible with
today’s totalitarian society.

hi it possible, then, to compromise one 's in I.0I'prt'l.i|lltins of history in
order to gain an acceptable status in school? The answer is obvmusly
yes, but is then one a real educator. indeed ill be even using the
education he has acquired? Curioust enough, the first peoplc who ask
you to compromise your mind anti its life style are the first people to
call pornography (referring to today's common sexual meaning of the
word) obscene. Obviously, while the body is sacred. the mind is not.

Death At Any Age V
Anti what function does the school actually pcrlorm.’ Nolltnig slim!
of murdcr’ Of course it is a bloodless. subtle murder, and death may

come slowly, but it is murder, nonetheless. Of course the murderers
cannot be formally prosecuted as Captain Medina or LieutemmL
Calley, for it is a legal murder, institutionalized, dehumanized, and
even popular among those in power. Will it ever come to trial? Not by
this generation, probiibly not by next and certainly not until a
humanization occurs.

What might be the motivation for this murder? More than
anything else it is the longing for a dehumanized system which can
perpetuate itself. WhereVer we exist in the bureaucratic system, we
must be measured and evaluated so that we can fit into our next
category, whether that be called college, graduate school, labor, or
management. Doing a good job inanything is unimportant unless it
can help you get recognition for a job well done.

The murder weapon, of course, is rules and the enforcement of
those rules. Unlike the supposed origins of society's rules, school laws
are neither created by or necessarily endorsed by the students, whom
the sanctions are aimed at. (The students do not get any sort of trial
by peers either), The rules enforce respect for those who do not
deserve it. Yet if you deserve respect, you would need no law to
obtain it. Rules, therefore, tell students to accept punishment for
acting sanely in an insane situation.

The victims are thus dehumanized. individuals able to follow orders,
write their names in the proper spaces, and possibly read a textbook
are praised. Naturally, these products can still do things like write
poems, but all of their poems start with either “whereas” or "be it
resolved." In other words, the products of the educational system can
fit in because their human impulscs are submerged, permitting
membership in an insane society. They might not fccl pain throughout
their lircs, but it is almost certain that they will feel no lovc cilhcr.

How might education or society as a whole be litiiniiiiilcd'.’ This
cannot be achieved by adopting a totalitarian socicty by working for a
change Within at power sti'ucturc. 'l‘hc leaders of a totalitarian stati-
laugh at llll' concept of ri'l'oriii from within. or petitioning for onc's
rights, We cannot ask to hc givcn victiirics, for aiiylliing gchIi and not
taken is no Victory at all.

For thosc wishing to changi- American ciillurc from Ullt‘ of death
to onc of life, no Viablc alternatch lo the crcation of an cdticalional
basc able to rcsisl Anicrican totalitarianism and though control, exists.
I'lvcn if one Is willing to swallow his clhics, he should rcalim- that llll‘
technological Monsli-r is not vulnerable to armed force.

The possibility of subvcrling llll' Monster from within, llii-ii, is
non-existent. What will probably happen is that nvc would he catch in
the proccss, fiirlhci' nourishing thi- ti-cbliologii'al appetite. 'l'o hclii-vc
that our work after hours will be able to undo the H hours a day in
which our energies arc harnessctl by the dominant ciiltui‘c, would in-
naive.

Not For the Hell of it

No totalitarian power has chr been ovvrlhrown by its own pi-oplc.
but never has it bci-n so important that a totalitarian powur bc
ovcrthrown. The key factor in the ongoing struggle is niainlaining lhc
independence of the human mind. Resistance to thc Big lac must in-
solidly dcvvlnpcd. Should pcoplc be able to retain their cogiiiich
iiulcpendcncc, it will not be hard to see through the established smoke
screen.

If our responsibility were only to otirselVi-s, wc niighl be excused for
slacking off. But we are not the sole victims. Not only Americans, but
Asians as Well arc directly hurt by the Minister‘s culture of (lcath, and
hardly a human being on the globe is iiol pcripln-rally victimich by
the American monster.

There are more comfortable things to do than challenge and struggle
continuously, but none arc as potentially rcwardiiig. t‘onsidering
what is at stiike,, lUt‘ inn/c got to struggle.

‘FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1971

 

       

      
 
     

 

 

 

 

i
I
r

 

  

FIVE CENTS OFF CAMPUS

Albany Student Press 3 

Monday. January 25, l97l

SUNY Aims for
Full Opportunity

by Maida Oringlier

Vol. Lvm No, 2 State University of New Yorli at Albany

 

 

 

“The State University system should have a place --~ v’
for every high school applicant commensurate with i 5
his abilities," said Mr. Rodney A. Hart, the Director i i
of Admissions at SUNYA. The Full Opportunity
Program Is mic way of implementing such a pro-
posal.

 

FOP. announccd in March 1970 by Governor
ltockcfcllcr. has many important applications in
State Univcrsity: increasing aid for community
collcgcs which will cnable the admission of all high
school graduates who apply from the colleges'
sponsorship arcas; admission to agriculatural and
tccbnii al colleges for those graduates not served by
community collcgcs; modification ol' commuting
arcas and rcvision of admissions criteria at the senior ‘

 

colleges to allow enrollment of greater numbers of
students in regular programs; innovative off-campus
study programs to free needed space on campus;
cxpanding opportunities for study abroad ; improved
and expanded admissions assistance; and enlarge-
ment. of Cooperative College Preparatory Centers so
that additional students can prepare for college
cntrancc through developmental courses, tutoring
and counseling.

The Full Opportunities Program will mean more students at SUNY. How many more are feasible?

,. .gixxliniui

Council Censures Housing

for Disregard of Security

by .lcffrey P. Benistein

 

Mr. llarl. told this reporter that one problem with
such a plan is that “parents do not want to send
their sons and daughters to community colleges;"
howcvcr, gradually. better qualified students are
beginning to apply to community colleges because

 

Discussion at thc Central Council mceting ’l‘hurs-
day night focused upon condemnation of the
Housing Office in regard to security.

A large number of robberies, including the thch of
seven stcrcos (luring intercession at State Quad, liaVc
" alt-(l lht' rclocking of all residences,

 

Virtually iii-u
but this prc ing necd seems to hc thwarted by the

currcnl budch stlucc'/.c on all the Slatc UiiiVi-rsilics.

Lack of concern for lost or stolcn mastcr keys
precipitated discussion advocating the raising of law
suits against the uniVi-rsiiy for negligence in regard
to stolen propi-r y. 'l'bc right of sludcnls to rcplacc
locks ihcmsclycs for Ihcir own nrotl-ction was also

 

questioned. A ZZZ-it‘ll votc favorcd censure of the
Housing ()Itice and a rclocking of all V'L'SldUIICl‘S.

A 22-2-2 votc passed a bill establishing a Commit-
tee on lnvvstigalivc Procvdurcs. This committee will
pi'cparc “a comprehensive statcmcnt of principles
and procedural rules to bc l‘olloWi-d by Student
Association groups. organizations, and governing

units in the conduct of itivcstigalitrtis'

A rcport on the status of the 755 Madison AVcnuc
proji-ct anti tbc altcmpt to purchase it for student
housing rcvoalcd zoning law lt-Il limits the house‘s
usc to mulli-familyor singlc family usc, Discussion
with Mayor Corning is under way to explore
possibilitics for amcntls iii the i'cstricliyc zoning law.

of the increasing competition for admission into the
University Centers (at Albany, Binghamton, Buffalo
and Stony Brook) and into the four—year Colleges
of Arts and Sciences. Another problem of communi-
ty college. s the lack of housing. Students unable to
commute from their homes cannot attend these
schools,

 

thn askctl when li‘Ol’ can be fully realized, Mr.
llart rcplied that it all depended upon the budget.
“If there is a strong lobby pressuring the legislature,
money will be appropriated; however, pressure is
needed from the middle class along with the lowar
class citizcns." A major problem of the CUNY (City
University of New York) system of Open Enroll-
mi-ni is the lack of spacc; State University would

have to increase its facilities, but this again depends
upon the budget.

COURT SENTENCES
ALBANY PROFESSOR

Ii‘, .l. [and [lump/laws, an .Alssociutc I’i'o/essor in
lllt' School of Criminal Justice at zlllxzny Stale,
ltt‘lll to trial I )(‘L't'lllllt’l‘ Lnd, 1.970. I [0 nos clim'gctl
with instruction ()fglwt’l’llllli'lll properly and inlet:
li'ii'ncc lUll/l lllc Sclcctiiic St’l't’lt't‘ .‘ll‘l ((1 felony)
(luring u siiirlcni (Ii-Imiislmlion in la'tlitunlsiiillc,
Illinois. on May 5, 1970. ’Ilic II'iul and sentencing
me now onci', urccpi for tip/X‘ﬂlh‘, and so 1)::
llimiplirovs has given permission to [)tll)ll<'LZ(' (lll
account o/‘lns disc so far. 'llic following is reprinted
from u lollcr [min the loud Iltmiplncys l)(’/t‘llh’(‘
I'll/[III

Wlu-n students .i the I'lilwardsvilli- campus of
Southern lllinnis it, where Laud llumphrcys was
then serving as Assistant Professor of Sociology,
heard ol' the Administration's interVention in (Jain-
bodia, they reacted in the same way as students all
across the country. Many wanted to join the . g ‘
tuition-wide strike, iitid a strong argument arose ‘ 1
between them and those who wanted school to go “in NW “Pod '0 mt me Em“ drums by year‘s strike. Ale they bdng U efﬂdﬂlt M .

on as usual. l'lumplircys helped to turn an angry I ‘ ' I, .
Continued on page 2 MN“ l’m‘mm‘ll the Slut-h" 5 IWWI'W- ...potskowdu

 

 

   

 

 

