 

 

"si—

 

 

 

  

Director of Security James Williams

 

---de young

Security: A Multifsceted Operation

Campus Security men deal wlth problems as large as robberies, as
small as unlocking buildings and anything else that may lie in the
middle. Security men are at once the most disliked and the most loved
men on campus, it just depends on the curcumstances. If he gives you
a parking ticket, he's a rotten "pig" but if he takes you over to the
infirmary when you're feeling sick, he’s an o.k. guy. Security Director
James Williams discussed this "yo-yo" security-university community
relationship in some depth.

Parking

It is apparent from the data presented that traffic problems are
perhaps the greatest annoyance on, campus. “Parking is our greatest
problem,” according to Williams.

In the month of January alone, 1456 parking summonses were
issued, and 33 vehicles were towed.

Williams noted that there are currently approximately 1,000 more
spaces than there are cars on campus. However, he also noted that
1,500 more cars are registered on campus this year than there were
last year. Williams said that several lots, particularly those across from
Indian Quad are hardly used. He' noted that these lots had better
lighting than most, but he also noted that many car owners are
reluctant to walk the distance from these lots to their classes or
dorms.

Illegal parking on the quadrangles and service roads has been a major
difficulty this year. Williams pointed to the fact that more special
permits had been issued than there were spaces for, and also that
inclement weather prompted many people to park illegally.

The major problem with cars parked on the service roads and on the
quads is that they present a fire hazard. The campus has approximate
1y four ﬁres a month and there have been instances when fire
equipment has not been able to get through the illegally parked cars in
order to reach the fires. While parking on the quads and service raids: is
a violation of the state fire laws, the state has not really complained,
but rather it has been the Albany fire chief who has gone so far its to
refuse to send his men and equipment through an overly crowded
area. The problem of illegally parked cars not only affects fire
fighting, but also ambulance rescue operations.

When queried! as to possible solutions to the four wheel dilemma,
Williams gave some intimations of what may be coming in the future.
An extreme measure might be to ban nll resident students from having
cars. Another measure might be to build high rise parking structures,
but this leads to the problem of obtaining money for construction.
Another seemingly viable suggestion was to impose charges for
parking. This idea however has met with a negatch response from lllt'
CSEA which represents the non-professional stuff on campus, and
which is the largest union on the campus.

 

Security:

WEDNESDAY. MARCH 10, 1971

 

\

 

by Vicki Zeldin The UniVer

News Editor the Universit

Education La
“to preserve
buildings and

jurisdiction

The Albany

April.

function on
assignments

and investiga

 

Williams noted that a lew faculty members have paid their
outstanding parking fines, but a large number have still not been paid.
Notification of faculty who owe money is being dispersed.

Pursuant with recent University rulings, student transcripts and
registration can no longer be held due to unpaid parking fines.
However, the present policy new states that if the fine is not paid 30
days after being received or after its appeal has been denied, parking
privileges will be revoked and the owner's car is subject to being
towed.

Williams concluded his discussion of parking problems with a note
that projections for 1974 predict 1,000 more cars than spaces
presently available.

Campus Crime

In the 1070 calendar year there were 1050 reported incidents
defined as crimes under the NYS Penal Law committed on campus, Of
this number, more than 800 of the incidents were considered by
Williams to be minor--nlong the lines of petty theft and criminal
mischief. Among the major crimes there were reported til robberies, 121
assaults, :1 arsons, 6f) liurgulurics and 3 forgcrics. ’l‘hirty persons were
arrested last year.

However, Williams commented that the bulk of the security work is
non-criminal, Peace Officers run people to the infirmnry and main-
service calls for such things as letting people into locked buildings, as
well as issuing traffic summonses-- some 12,500 summonses last year.

oliiemon

the safety and protection of SUNYA property and

ntion of the force are mandated by lllt‘ Snle

University to which they are assigned and this,

grounds of such institution and to the extent ofone
mile beyond such grounds."

COMPOSITION OF THE FORCE

men, 31 of whom may be considered law enforce
ment personnel, 28 of these 31 are peace officeis.
There are currently three vacancies on the force,
plus a provision for the addition of ten new men in

A Campus Security Officer's duties as enumerated
by New York State Civil Service Department are
duties related to the law enforcement or security

mobile patrol in all campus areas; deals with traffic
and parking on campus roadways and parking areas;

deskman or dispatcher as required.

The campus force also has three supervisory
officers, overseeing the deployment and operation
of their men. There is also a Campus Security

BASIC INFORMATION
sity Security Force is responsible for
y community. Provisions for the cre.

W, Section 355 2m. Security is charged

law and order in and about the
grounds of the institution of llll' Stim-
shall

extend to the buildings illlll

Security force presently consists of 36

DUTIES

a State University campus. He is given
involving crowd control and foot and

tes complaints. He may also serve its 11

Williams commenled dial llii
increase in the number of crimes
but that the per cent figure we
actual numbers of crimes. \l'illia
1960 there was no Investigating
incidents” and this may llfll‘l‘
increase in crimes sci-ins 11) luv
students may not Illll‘l' reported
nothing would llt‘ dime.

Security figures for January 19
instances of crimes n-porlcd iii
cases of criminal mischief repui
crimes along the lines of pctl_\l
Noncrimiinil calls 1111111lll‘11'll 17
1450, bcing parking suiiiinoinrs
and 1011 cast-s of i1oii~criininiil (ll:

11 was found that 5;”) ul‘lllt'
.‘lvll pm. and the 77’? of llh‘

ill'l'ilﬁ.

,—

wsnussoav, MARCH 10, 1971

 

iALaauY S'lVQEN'leﬁ-‘iss

Pig or Pal?

 

g'r

iiivcstigntory one.

added in April, five

ted above.

1y.

office.

it had been a significant per cent
rommittcd between 1969 and 1970,
misleading when compared to the
in: also pointed to the fact that in
fficer to pursue reports of criminal
ossibly been the reason that the
increased. Williams felt that many
ncidents in 1969 since they felt that

1 have been tiibulntcd with some 85
ing from 35 petty liircenies to 13
d. Williams commented that ii lot of
ceny are “due to unlocked doors."
5, with the vast majority of cases,
There were 62 runs to the infirmury
ipliiiiiry actions were reported.

-ncidcnts reported occured between
llcidncts took plllcl' in lhc residence

 

 

Specialist. The role of the specialist is basically an\

According to James Williams,
Director of Security, among the ten men to be
will be Campus Security
Specialists. The University currently has one investi-
gator, John Hennignn. not officially called a special-
ist, but whose duties are similar to those enumera-

QUALIFICATIONS

New force members will be admitted depending
upon their performance on the NYS Civil Service
exams. Minimum requirements are two years of
formal education past the high school level or one
year of experience as a member of a college security
force for Security Officers. Supervisors must also
meet the educational requirements as well as two
years experience with an organized law enforcement
agency or a college security force. One year in an
investigative position and the same educational
status are required for the Security Specialist.

AGE LIMITS AND PAY
Eligibility for examination for the force begins at
age 21 for both Peace officers and supervisors, with
cut-off points at 36 and All years of age, respective

ADDITIONAL MEN

The University currently employs six Burn's
Guards each night, at a cost of $50,000 a year.

These men have no authority to make arrests, but
are required to report any incidents to the Security/

 

The ludicialProcess and Files

The University security force does not keep files on those alleged to
be “student activists." A file of those students who have been arrested
is kept. The file itself is a small group of index cards-only 30 students
were arrested last year. A file is also kept on non-students who have
caused trLiublc on campus.

The security force has nodevices for tapping phones. Anything along
this line would have to be handled by the telephone company. When
questioned as to whether the FBI hiid been called in to investigate the
numerous bomb scares on campus (bomb scares are a federal offense)
Williams rcplit-(l Ihat the FBI's attitude was "if something blows up let
us know."

Arrests and Trials

The question of wheriI an alleged criminal is tried, either uptown,
within the unchrsity system or downtown, in the city's civil courts,
has been one of great concern.

Director Williams Slilll'd that “you cannot huvv hard and fast rules,"
for determining Wlll'ft' a case will be heard. It is up to the victim to
whether or not he wants to press charges internally or
externally. 11' u vicliin decides that he wants to taki- a chargi-
downtown he must swear out, :i Will'l'illll. Willizinis mentioned that he
had instructed his men to inform complainants tlnil 1.l1cy do have the
es within the university. Only in certain instances, as

decide

 

option to try (‘1.
homicide, child abuse, rape and arson does the stiitc cvcr intervene.
l)r, (llil'loii 'l'hornc, Vici- l’i'csidcnl for Htiidi-iil affairs , also noted
Ilial in the instance of destruction of iniivvrsily properly no one can
I't‘illly soy Wlll'llll'l' or not it Will ri-miiiii uplown or go downtown,
“'l'hat," sliili-il 'l'hoi‘nc,“is up to the District Allorncy."

llfl’t'l‘s‘llll

 

The University Judicial System

The judicial system is a many faceted operation. Judiciaries exist on
the quadrangle level, and a university wide level. Dr. Thorne noted
that many of the quad judiciurics were understaffed, and that there
basically appeared to be a |ack of interest on this level of governance.
Most cases that could be heard at the quad level have therefore been
referred to the next judicial level-~the University Student Judicial
Committee. According to Thorne this is mainly an appeal body. This
body has heard cases dealing with assault, theft, and pets in the
residence areas. This year approximately a dozen cases have been
heard by this body. Not all of these cases have led to judicial action
however.

The next level in the university judicial system provided for by the
SUNY Trustees and printed in Student Guidelines, is the Committee
on Student Conduct. This body deals with cases deemed to be serious
in nature, as well as being the hearing body for graduate students. It
also serves as an appeal body for those cases in which official
disciplinary action has been taken.

The above bodies deal with cases enumerated in Student Guidelines
which range from forgery, arson, possession of ﬁrearms, harassment,
illegal entry, etc. Last school year actions ranging from a letter of
reprimand to suspension numbered eleven.

In accordance with section 6450 of the Education Law, the SUNY
Board of Trustees adopted in 1969 “Rules and Regulations for
Maintenance of Public Order on Premises on the SUNY System." This
set of regulations stipulates eleven instances of prohibited conduct,
and provides for the establishment of a Hearing Committee. The
prohibited acts mentioned in this act supercedc all other University
regulatory policies.

The Hearing Committee is staffed by the Chief Administrator of the
university plus three other administrators plus three faculty members
and three students. The constitutionality of the Trustee's adopted
rules is currently being questioned by SASU (Student Association of
the State University). SASU claims that the rules are a denial of a
student‘s civil liberties. Albany's Hearing Committee has heard only
one case thus far.

In all levels of the university's judiciary, the student has the right to
be represented by counsel.

Thorne Comments

Reflecting on the effectiveness of the university judicial system
Thorne stated, “the present system is operative but not completely
effective." He cited several reasons for this indicating that many
students are unfamiliar with the system or have no faith in it. Noting
that many victims prefer to take cases downtown for civil action,
'l‘hornc stated that many do not believe in an internal judicial system
feeling that the campus should not be a sanctuary for those who break
the law. Along with this idea, ’l‘horne also noted that the university
cannot impose, in many people's opinions, penalties commensurate
with the crimes committed. ’I‘hornc also felt that the security force
had the same reservations about the university judicial set up, iind
therefore they l‘reiplcntly (lid not refer cases to the proper internal
bodies.

Another problem faced by the internal system is that there are
currently no provisions for review of pending civil cases. Many argue
that permitting university judicial review of 11 case being rcvicWed in a
civil court places tliiil dcl‘cndcnt in double jeopardy. Thorne felt that
many of those pl'cscnl at the Judicial Workshop held last month seem
to indicate lllill. not only (lid they feel that university judicial review
of 11 pi-iiding civil case was legal, but also necessary.

 

