 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

l

    
     
     
       
       
     
 
    
 
 
   
  
   
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
       

  
 

 

PAGE 12

‘rav - .2 r

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Thousands of students asseriibled in front of the Capitol.

»--('hoiu

A View From the Capitol Steps

by .l. S. Flavin
An ASP Feature

The tulips in front of the White
House are red, white and blue.
The tulips in front of the Capitol
Building are red, while. and ye!-
low.

Members of the professional and
student presses have been issued
special “press passes“ by the
march organizers, the National
Peace Action Coalition. The press
passes allow the bearers to sit in a
group just below the speaker's
platform that is erected on the
Capitol Building’s steps. Phones.
tables. and chairs. and sodas are
available to members of the press.

Chicken wire fences have been
erected around the Capitol Build-
ing. Hundreds of police are at the
gates and are patroling the
grounds. Unofficially, there art-
10.000 police: City, park. capitol
and units from Maryland to ring
ment those of the nation‘s capitol.
Youthful marshals ring the bot-
tom of the Capitol Building. Mar-
shals also check credentials and

keep the people moving.

The camp grounds have been
breaking up with the rising of the
sun. Convoys of buses are stream-
ing in from as far away as Maine
and Florida. There is new life in
the peace movement.

Thousands are milling about in
the Mall betwocn Pennsylvania
and Maryland Avenues. With back
packs, it appears as if each person
is trying to strike out their indi-
vidual piece of priblic territory.
Parade marshals arc rirging these
early arrivals to join the marchers
at the Washington Monument,
Few are doing so. it is 11:00.

The parade from the Washington
Monument to thc Capitol is start
ing an hour carly. [.cd by the
Veterans for Peace carrying Amor-
icttn and North Vivlminrr'si' flags.
marchers at l2 o‘clock now num-
ber 250,000 by official [).(3. po-
licc estimates. and still they come.

Chanting “1.2.15.4. We don't
wrrrit your fucking war”, the
sounds rt-vcrbcratc through the
Nation's ('apitol. And With the
plt't'l' at band. the round.» t-t'lio

around the world.

 

SA Pres. and

VP Candidates

Take Note

SA. Presidential and Vicc»|’rcsidcirtiirl candidates please come to
the ASP office l(‘(' .120) between l0..l0 and l:()() to pick up
questions and to have yoirr photos taken for publication in
Wednesday's paper. Any problems, contact Vicki at the ASP.

 

 

lt'lr'\t~.r'tl t ill .I \\ tilt

Spottstil‘t'

 

A Social, Rect‘c'ation, and l.ducational prt‘l'icttt’t'i
l)avc l)cllingci and Jerry Rubin
______.__——_.
Appcattng I or and lit l’crsoo

lit the ( .nnpnst r'titct lialliooin,

_______.__.
Irtcsrlay. April 27 at X‘tttt pm.

(I by Polttiral Hpcalwrs and Programs Board

l ttndcd by Student lax

   
  
 
    
 
   

Hr Ir't‘ll lnlo (t M. iii,

  
 
 
 

     
 
 
  

  
      
    

The scheduled speakers are be-
ing delayed to allow the tens of
thousands more still coming to
hear their words of peace. As far
as the eye can 51 r' there are
people-“in the Mitt-ts, the trees,
on the mall. ’l‘heir banners prov
claim “Out now,“ "End the
Draft", “Free All Political Prison-
ers", “Boycott Standard Oil". The

' loud speakers blare out the album
"Volunteers" by the Jefferson
Airplane.

It is 1 o'clock. There is a stiff
breeze. lo the '70 degree weather,
the speakers are saying rcdun-
(hintly. “The Majority of citizens
want a complete withdrawal from
Vietnam."

Coretta King at the Washington rally. Mﬂy buyinwc must stop the Iwvernmcm...
,,.. .

     
     
   
     

re».

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1971

They Came by Train,
Bus and Thumb to D.C.

by Maida Oringher.
ASP Feature

They camein thousands, by bus, by train. by thumb, some even
walked. Throughout the night and into the dawn about a half million
anti-war demonstrators arrived—happy. young and jubilant,

Friday was a night of waiting. While they waited they sang, talked
and played music. The streets of Washington were quiet, but this was
only a calm before the storm.

On Saturday morning the city awoke and the march began—a march
that is said to have been the largest rally in the history of the anti—war
movement. for surpassing the 320,000 who came for the November,
1969 march.

Many protestors, ranging in age from under one year to over sixty,
came bearing placards for Women's Lib, PYE, and Student Mobe. But
in spite of these diverse slogans, the people had a common goal‘a goal
that was strong enough to unify and make this huge group one—an
end to the war in Indochina.

The rally begun Liiidcr beautiful skit-s at 10:00 a.m. at the clipsc
below the west front of the capital. There was excitement iii the air.
One man of 50 commented to his wife. “l'm having so much
fun."

But “fun” was not what most had come for. They were at their
nation's capitol to protcst a war that they said was “unjust”. “illegal”,
and “immoral.” When asked why he came to Washington one Colgate
strident commenter, “if i would have stayed in school, it
would have seemed like I was satisfied.“ A l'orty year old woman
replied to the saint- question, “Anyone who has been in the pt‘tlt'l‘
movement as long as l have should march on Washington at lcas‘l
once."

This was not the first march for a majority of those present. Most
had been present at the November rally last year. Although many
seemed to fell that last year's march had accomplished nothing, they
came again. This army of people was tculled to show their support,
and they massively responded hoping that this time their voices would
be heard.

There havo been peace marches before. but this one was given an
added dimension because of at least 1,000 Vietnamese Veterans for
Peaq'. Thcsc mcn, many in wheelchairs, many missing arms or legs,
spent Thursday night on the steps of the Supreme Court building
where they staged a candle-light vigil. On Friday 750 of those veterans
marched to the steps of the Capitol and defiantly throw their service
medals and decorations away. They screamed into a loudspeaker, “We
will no longer wear badges of murder." Students, Women's Libbr-rs.
'l‘radc Unionists and others haich this new 'action and were
encouraged by their added prcsr-ncc.

‘l'he rally was impressively peaceful, and well organized. The
policemen lining thr- balcouy of lllt' Capitol building had little to do.

The speakers, many calling each other “brothers and sisters," told
thr- audience that “the war must stop lit)W'...S|)t'tIl( to your (fongrr-ss-
men and find out what they are doing to and the war."

(forctta King, wife of slain civil rights leader, Martin Luther King,
called the war “an enemy of the American people." Congrt'sswomcn
Bella Air/.ug (DnManhatlan) told the demonstrators of the import .oco
of the veterans, “they were here bearing their wounds and their
medals, they did kick the conscience of lllt' Coiigrcss...tlit~y brought
the war to Washington.“ Petr-r, Paul and Mary, Country Joe
l\'lacl)onald and Polo Sr-t-gcr all played to air audit-nei- that enthusias-
tically clapped to the music and sang along.

Continually over the loud speakers, the message was
arriving...l.lu- ronds arc blocked all the way to Baltimore.
Wt‘l‘t' encouraged by their numbers and this pride showed in thr-
smiling faces. Assemblyman Andrew Slr-in expressed their mood when
he told this reporter. “’l‘liis march is great."

"100,000 I't'tnttillt'd on Saturday for a free concert at the Washington
Monument. All were encouraged to stay, "Don't go burnt-“stay for

u

we are still
"l'hc pcoplr-

* y

"Norm-M 

1

clinic

 

 

L
r
,i
i
V
‘5

3
f
i
i

 

 

 

International S

(Iontinuing students wit
the Fall l‘l7l lritcinatio
are requested to scc Mr.
Advisoi', (.‘(I 12‘). Both
students are needed. lc
August 25 '28 inclusive.

 

Staff needed for Fall 1971

 

Pallai
for

Pres’73

tudent Orientation

o are interesch in serving on
rial Student Orientation Stall
Ward, International Student
undergraduate and (Lraduatc
nlativc orientation datcs arc

 

 

 

 

   
   
  
 

    
    
        
   
       
  
 
    
  

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany SI

Vol. l.V|ll No. 34

  
   
 
 

State University of New Yorli at Albany

Wednesday. April 28. l97l

 

Students to Decide
Mandatory Tax Issue

by Carol Hughes

Albany students go to the polls today. tomorrow. and Friday to
decide upon the continuance of the mandatory Student Activities
Fee. llt compliance with the Board of Trustee‘s recent ruling. a
referendum will be taken at all Uiichrsity campuses to decide the fate
of the assessment throughout the SUNY system.

The directive was prompted by what may best be termed a change
of emphasis. ln Mott. the Board of Trustees ruled on the legality of a
mandatory fee with minimal interference by the administration.
llowcver. New York State (‘omptioller Arthur Levitt now states that
It is riot possible to maintain this “minimal interference." Since the
state cocrces the money frorii students by withholding of transcripts
for non-payment, and supervises the collection of the fee through
billing. the money is too close to state funds and therefore the slate
riiusl have closer control.

“In effect. they‘ve changed the ground rules on its.“ commented SA
Vice President Mike Lampert. While the recent suits over where
strident money was going (including the recent Foreman Decision now
being appealed) have brought attention to the problems involved in
mandating such an assessment. the primary reason for the Trustee
ordered voting is the change in the ('ompiroller"s view of the
management of the funds.

On this campus. lit)WCVC|’. an added fee will be voted on. ('cntral
Coriiicil, in its last meeting, decided that the athletic fee previously
included in the student activities fee would be separated from the
main assessment. Students will vote on continuing the mandatory tax
and on a mandatory athletic fee. The current $29.75 charge contains
$7.75 for the sports program.

As a preliminary step before the outcome of the referendum is
known. Student Association has prepared a dual budget. Each activity
has been given two allotments. one under a mandatory fee. the other
under a voluntary one. Voluntary budgets project a 60% payment of
the tax. based on previous collections under this plan. What this
means is a budget of about $l20.000 for Student Association and
about $45,000 in the Athletic Advisory Board budget. Student
Association budgets have been recommended by the budget
committee for next year. The satire will be done by the AA Board for
the athletics money. but this must be approved by (‘ciitral Council.

Passage of mandatory tax needs only a simple majority of votes
since the Board of Trustees has mandated no special rules for
ratiﬁcation. The referendum will be held in conjunction with
elections for Strident Association President and Vice President.
Central Council and University Senate representatives.

Get out and vote!!!"""!
‘ 'tlli : ‘

   
  

 

“wméw-upn. - v

I.

The fate of mandatory tax, athletic tax an

   

.A .

today, tomorrow and Friday. Be sure to vote!

Friday Action Set:

Students to “Settle Accounts”

d various S.A. hopefuls will be decided by SUNYA students

 

---clrow

With First Trust of Albany

by William Van Allen

Various local peace groups will
march on The First Trust Coni-
pany of Albany on Friday, April
30. in order to focus the attention

 

Site of the iiiirlii branch of the First Trust Company of Albain where area students will demonstrate their

displeasure With the financial policies of American banking institutions...

-~-cliom

of the banking public oti the
financial backing these institu-
tions have given to the nation‘s
dcfcnsc industries. Coiiiciding
with the First Triisl action will be
efforts by groups in cities
throughout the country to disrupt
war supporting institutions.

The march lo the First Trust
main branch. locath across florii
the Federal Building on State
Street. wrll begin at l2:00tiioon.
Parade permits have been granted
for the marchers to proceed from
Diaper llall east along Washington
Avenue and then down State
Street to the oval green adjacent
to the Federal Building. Marchcrs
are advised to begin assembling at
10:30 a.m. around the downtown
campus.

Why First Trust? The local com-
pany is a sub-unit of the Bankers
Trust (‘ompaiiy of New York
which is the nation's third largest
bank in total assets held. This
institution has investments iii
many corporations which have
large defense contracts.

The group leaders hope to
stimulate student concern and
participation iii an orderly dcmoii~
slialion in front of the bank. A
large turnout will undoubtedly
influence many of First Trust's
dcpostlors who may be unaware
of the bank's defense industry
investments. First Tiust represents

a ‘trrrc source of power‘ in Anteri-
ca‘s defense policy making.

This local batik is also deeply
involved in ﬁnancing the South
Mall project. which has been the
recent object of heated controver-
sy. The Mail‘s skv rocketing cost
has been greatly accelerated by
the long term interest payments
due on bond issues held by banks
such as First Trust.

The Peoples (‘oalition for Peace
aiid Justice. the organizers of this
action. are also anticipating stuv
dent participation in the May Day
weekend dctiionstiatious to be
held in the Washington. D.(‘. area.
A iiieelirig is being held this Wed-
nesday at 8:00 in LC 13 to
organize cariptmlstto transport peo-
ple to Washington. Details such as
deiiionstialion localioris and
sleeping areas will also be con-
firmed.

An adch feature for people
attending the Washington dcrlioii-
strations will be the opportunity
to hear many rock groups who
have volunteered to perform—
dui'ing the evenings.

The May Day activities will ceri-
tcr around the presentation of the
war-oriented government agencies
may also occur. Any SUNYA stit<
dents wishing more information
pertaining to the First Trust or
May Day activities are urged to
telephone 4380400 or 434-2034.

 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
    
 
       
     
   
   
      
  
  

 
 

. .-. gay-(r..-

.— ‘. awe-Aerﬁ .

   
     
    

 
  
   
   

 
        
       
     
    
 
   
 
     
   
  
 
     
   

 
   
    
   
  
 

  
    
 

  
  
 

  

  
 

         
 

_:':.;..{~ _._\

  
  
 

2—1“

  
  

     
      
     

g .. “(neg .- . .,

       

