 

i
i.
l
f.
if
E
I
l
l

 

PAGE 2

[mm the Scrantmgort...

In’vestigation‘

MEMORANDUM AUGUST 10,1970
T0: Governor Scranton, Commissioners and Staff
FROM: Joseph Rhode , Jr.

SUBJECT: Investigation of Hobart College

PERSONAL HISTORY OF THOMAS TONGYAI

Momluang Singkata Thomas Tongyai N'ayaudhya
was born January 14, 1944 in Alabama. His father
was a native of Thailand serving in the United States
Army, working with army intelligence during World
War 11. After the war, the Tongyais moved to Bucks
County, Pennsylvania. In June, 1962, Tongyai was
graduated from high school with average grades. In
September 1982, Tongyai enrolled at a school in
New Mexico which offered rodeo courses. In De-
cember, Tongyai reportedly dropped out of school
because some Mexican-Americans were harassing
him. For six months Tongyai worked in the Western
United States for a touring rodeo show. His career
ended when he was hurt in a rodeo.

In September 1963, he entered Delaware Valley
College of Science and Agriculture in Pennsylvania
Completing only one or two semesters at the
college, he did not receive a degree.

The years from 1964 to May 1969 were spent
gomg from job to job. In August 1967, he started
work for Shearing Corporation. a veterinary drug
company in Northern New Jersey as a salesman.
Followmg this Tongyai, his wife and his three-year
old son, moved to upstate New York near the town
of Penn Yan. He moved from Pennsylvania to New
York. It was in 1967 that Tongyai was first seen on
yarious campuses in the Western New York area. It
is reported that Tongyai possessed unusually strong
patriotic feelings for the United States.

THE TIME HAS C ME 70
{MASH THE mars,

 

continued
CAMPUS ACTIVITIES AND KNOWN SIGHTINGS
FALL I967
First reported to be at Keukii College in Penn Yan

New York. He visited with an organization called

the "Peace Group" which consisted of about ten

women. At this time protest usually took the form
of picketing. Tongyai allegedly tried to have the

Group take more radical action. This seemed to set

a pattern in Tongyai's meetings with students
around the state. He would usually take ii position ii

little more extreme than the students with whom he

was talking.
FALL I968

Tongyai became widely known at many upstate
New York campuses. There are many reports of
Tongyai being at Cornell University.

Tongyai was seen at Syracuse University in
Syracuse. New York. His main contact was through
the “Peace and Freedom Party" and the local SDS.
Tongyai was again seen at the University of Roe
chcster. He was associated with the local SDS and
became an unofficial regional traveler (organizer)
for the organization.

Tongyai made his first appearance iil lIobiirt
College in Geneva,Nchork. He went to the first or
second organizational meeting of the Hobart Stud-
ent Movomcnt, ii student activist group similar to
the SDS. He was iicccpted at once because of his
pronounced ties with the SDS.

SPRING I969

On May 17,1969, 'I‘ongyiii appeared at an SDS
festival being held “I Auburn Community College in
Auburn, New York, Ile showed 11 film portraying lI
theater skit about the war. 'l‘ougyiii said that lie
was an 808 regional organizer from Buffalo.
Tongyai is said to have been preaching the “revolu-
tion" and his belief that drugs hurl no part to play in

it.

FALL I969

"l‘ongyiii iigiiiu appeared at Auburn Community
College and approached a student. He flashed a card
In front of her, saying that he was from the I’ll I.
Then he said that he was only living funny and sin-
shouldn't wt iry. 'I'oiigyui tried to talk this same girl

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

W 110 Is ’ ‘Tommy

The following are excerpts of the Scranton Commission Report
on Campus Unreal, in particular, Hobart College and incidents
related to an untrained undercover agent, Thomas Tongyai.

Part II will be printed Friday with Commissioner Rhodea'
conclusions and recommendations.

The ASP thanks Curtis West, editor of The Herald Hobart
College, Geneva, N. Y., for his aid in obtaining this copy of the
report.-

into joining the Weathermen faction of SDS. He
explained that they were the only people doing
constructive things.

Soon after the November 16 march in Washington,
Tongyai told a student at Hobart College that he
had taken a very active role in the Dupont Circle
rally and subsequent march on the South Vietnam-
ese Embassy.

Tongyai spent a great deal of time at Hobart
during the fall term especially in connection with
Newsreel Films of Buffalo, New York. He would
bring films and leaﬂets, often yelling “Kill the pigs,"
whenever policement were shown in the films. They
remember him because he often advocated the
bombing of university buildings, violent revolution,
the overthrow of the United States government, and
the beating and killing of policemen.

TONGYAI‘S ACTIVITIES ON THE HOBART CAMPUS

In the following school year (1969) ’I‘ongyni
became more widely known at Hobart and William
Smith. In November of the following year Tongyai
bragged of his role in the Dupont Circle rally. He
told students that violence was the only way to
achieve the goals of revolution. Tongyai said that
the best maneuver in Washington would have been
to get “a pig in the corner and kick the shit out of
him." There are many instances of Tongyai saying
he wanted to kill policemen. Once he took ii
dummy grenade and said how he wanted to threw a
real one into a cop car and kill the police in it.

It should be understood that most students, soon
after coming into contact with Tongyai, became
aware of his extremist tendencies and were wary of
him. Their feelings were that he was mentally
unbalancr-d and dangerous.

On'March 3 (1970) Tongyai attended a student
meeting which was called to decide if ii student
“walk-in" on ll closed faculty meeting would take
place. About 400 students meeting in Albright
Auditorium were split as to the appropriate action
to take. When the meeting voted on several alterna»
Lives, Tongyai tried to vote. 'l‘wo student leaders
Susan Connally and Richard Wasserman, approach:
ed him and made sure he didn't vote. However at
4:]00 p.m. Tongyai walked into the faculty mecfin
With the rest of the students. By this time Tongyiii
was known to most of the students in Hobart. Most
 he was a regional organizer for 808

At the second ROTC sit~in Tongyai was present
for most of the time. The Hobart Student Assembl
passed in motion barring all outsiders from thii
campus. During the debate on this motion it
became obvious that it was precipitated primiiril
because of ’I‘ongyni's presence iit the sit-in ThiZ
motion was passed and Tongyai was asked IU‘ICIIVI'
by lelll‘lEIy of administrators and students but h~
I‘t‘Inliill:t‘(I.l Throughout the sit—in, Tongyai-iidvocnt‘i
t‘t vro cn acts, esie ' ~ ‘ a x ' '
m”! bmnbmﬂ um “(motility such as brinking windows
will MlilinG ﬁlt‘l‘t‘ was a confrontation in froiil of
l I‘ H .i , in Hobart administration building,
)1 wu ii ii Ilohrul student and Tongyai which led t
l harassment warruiil lining sworn out. 0
From this time until the June 5 incident thcriI 'ri
Litf‘i‘t'ptlrth oi 'I‘ougyiii‘s presence at llobnrt. ()n .liiiii-
J Iongyai led a police drug raid on campus \ l "l ‘-
dcscribcd later in this report. i. v m i h

E'V‘ENIS SURROUNDING ROTC SIT INS
Ibomas 'I‘ougyni was present at V'u'idu~ '
throughout the liO'l't'sit in. Sllldt'lllﬁ‘IM‘IIt‘i‘UtilIiivs
   regional orgiinim-r from Buffalo IIIIII
(“mum vi oiis encounters students know of his
‘ its lowiud volcncc. Student li-iidcr SI
(.iimphcll. was asked by (‘iiuscy iiiid McKi'un 'Il' ‘lm‘n
were any outsidcrs or non-students iil II 'I lulu.
When Campbell assented, u

be ask them to lenvc.
On the night of April 2|
Association passed ii motiolft

.‘ill‘"ill.
the Dean requested that

the Hobart Student
o keep iill outsiders,

 

 

 

KOSHER

FOR

PASSOVER TOOD

SIGN UP NOW THRU FRIDAY

IN THE LOBBY OF THE CAMPUS

CENTER

FOR INFORMATION CALL SAM BOGEN 457-4996

X32

erformers

Don't forget your

Thurs. Fri. Sat. Feb l8. l9.20

 

 

l’ll()’I‘()(iII.-\l’l II‘IIIS WILL lili‘ ’

 

Attention all Telethon

SCHEDULED REIIEARSALS

in the Balioom

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17’ 1971

 

the Traveler’?

with Tongyai's name mentioned specifically, out or
the sit-in and other Hobart affairs. Student Assoc.
lation President Paul Colarulli personally ioid
Tongyai to get off campus. However, Tongyai
intent on staying, approached Al Beretta, direcm;
of student activities, in request of a press puss He
told Tongyai that Al Learned of the Colleges' new,
Bureau was the only person who could issuc suchi
pass. A student accompanied Tongyai when he went
to the News Bureau, Learned has reported I‘lllvinga
very strange conVersation with Tongyai. A conversa-
tion which was immediatedly reported to the, RB]
and college officials. In any case Tongyai “in;
refused the pass, but he informed students at the
sit—in that Beretta had given him permission to Sta“
and that he was a member of the press. '

During the sit—in Tongyai found I'ivc Hobiin
freshmen who were not satisfied with merely
demonstrating. Tongyai met with these five people
on Sunday, April 26 to discuss ways of harassing
ROTC. They discussed continuously calling it".
ROTC offices to tie up the lines and binder work.
Breaking in and destroying files was also considered
but soon the conversation turned to l‘irehombing:
Tongyai wondered if they wanted to use black
powder or incendiary bombs. The students, realizmg
the potency of black powder, were concerned for
the lives of the students living in the dormilnrv
housing the ROTC offices, so incendiary (Ii-vices
were agreed upon. Tongyai suggested lhat hr- and
Gary Bennett should test bombs of bulb iypi-s ilu-
next day. They did so in a field 10 miles ouisiih-ui
Penn Yan, N.Y.

On Wednesday, April 29, 'l‘ongyai‘s group again
met. One of the freshmen, NI'II llimcli-in, had
already disassociiited himself from Ihl‘ group.
Awerbuch and Dillon also dropped out. The two
remaining people decided to bomb the offices on
Friday night. Tongyai told them he was leaving for
the weekend to go to New Haven so would not I)t‘
around for the actual bombing. The bombing took
place Friday, May 1, at 4:00 a.m. 'I‘hri-i- incendiary
bombs were thrown through the window; onl\’ oni-
went off, causing little damage Students lIWUIi't‘ and
refusedtoput out the blaze with extinguishers “hr
the fire alarms were out of order is still in question

OFFICER ARRES
THAT (ONSPIRATOR!

    
  

; in:
ER 10er WE

  

    

At 7:00 a.m. F'.B.I, agent Jerry O'Iliiulon arrived
at. the scene of the bombing. During a discuss-inn
with a student, it was evident O'llnnlon hau advance
Information on the two students (Benin-ll and
Shepherd). since arrested for the fin-bombing. 'I‘hiu
morning all five freshmen present in the ’l‘oniii'i”
meetings were called in for questioning along With
some other students. including Rafael Marina-I. ll-m
Awerbuch stated that in the proccss of I1er ([llcsililil
mt’. the officer told him they expected IIlc Iitllllilllll.’
to take place 11 day later than it occurred Marlin”-
SIIW Tongyai outside of the police slniion llml
"10""th although Tongyai was Sllpplhi'lih in NI'“
lIiivcn at the time.

Tongyai was seen on campus only (IIIt'I' Iiclui'i'll
April 2t) and June 5. Since the ailiniiustminni Il.|lI
made it clear that if 'l‘ongyai were M't'll on rnnlm‘
"It‘ll" “H‘y Wci'i- to bc notified, on Mm ti. iI-Il-W'
Martinez informed Assistant Dean .lohn ‘l‘livninrw
that 'I‘ongyiii was outside. 'l‘lieismcyci \\I'||| nul
doors and witnessed 'l‘ongyin and Msrlinw r\c-IIIL’"
heated words. Also present was iiiltllili‘l \llliIl'ili
SIIHY (iilmour. 'I‘oiigyui IIII'II lliri-nii-ni-il In kl”

Martini-'1. and struck him, 'l‘heisiucy‘l H""““”""
and again ordered 'I'ongyni off campus
Later that afternoon Martini-I. iuui 'I‘I""“”"\"'

Went to IIIt' [lililt't' station and swori- out .1 Juli“ “W
l“(Hiram for 'I‘oiigyrii's urn-st, since i\Iill'Illli‘.' lilli'“
“m “my “-" Tommy lhc 'l'rnvi-lcr IIli\\I'ti'l Illi

:Vill‘l‘illll wns not lll‘lt'iI npnn inml iln» iligill u: .liinv

lily I'VL‘Il iilti-I‘ hliii'liiic'l. repoi'li-d to the polu‘r |II.l| In-
. n .

iiid seen Ioiigyin lurking Hillhltil‘I1I>.||)i|i’llllllli«""i

Illlll provulcd them with 'l'ongyai's Ill'l'lhl' ill-II'
number.

LONDON
IIl./l‘l’

$99

Sliglul) llighi-i Iluiuu! \IIH‘W‘

  
  
   
 

l’ick Yoiii Own Dilllillitlltl DAM
Twoiiiy Oiliui Dusliiiiiiiiinv

Avnilrililn
Stiilc Quail llm \‘l

   

H l lillllCl

  

Siiiii llogcu

  

 

 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1971

  

Bismark Kuyon, a Peace Corps Vpreacntitive from Liberia is on

Campus this week.

u-de young

Peace Corps Worker Presents:

‘Both Sides of Coin’

by Aralyiiii A bare

In an effort to present a truer
picture of current Peace Corps
activities, representatives from
host countries huvo become part
of recent recruitment drives, One
such rcprescntutivv, Bismarck
Kuyoii, from Liberia, is here this
week.

By talking to host country rep-
resciilntivvs, Kuyon explains, stu
dents can see “both sides of the
coin," Ill his role, he feels he can
describe actual benefits of Pcacu
(lorps services, as Well as the
problems that exist and some pos-
sibic solutions to these problems.

Kuyon, principal of a Liberian
school, began working with Peace
Corps “In-Country" training pro-
grams. '1‘lii-se involved language
and ('rtISS‘ClIIllll'llI training, plus
practice teaching within the coun-
lry, Later, he assisted with Virgin
Island “In-Country" training and
has been in tlic U.S. for three
years.

One primary problem, according
to l(iiyoii, is the length of a Peace
Corps workcr's stay in a country,
“It takes ii your and ii hiilf for the
worker and the people to get to
know one another. This leaves
only six months for them to
accomplish anything else.“ Kuyon
advocates a three to four year
stint instead. In this same Vein, he
feels that volunteers should I)t‘
given more motivation, such as
job assurance upon return to the
US.

At present, only one Liberian
holds a (It‘t‘lhillll‘ll‘lllitInt: position
with IIlt' Peace Corps in that
country I\'uyon secs :i dcfiiiitc
Ilt‘l'tI for more host country perv
sonncl to judge the success or
failure of Peace Corps efforts and,
in gciu-ral, to make Pence Corps
efforts more "relevant" to the
specific needs of the country.

While traveling throughout the
northeastern Il.S., Kuyoii bus on
countered criticism of United
States "political iiivochmeiit” in
other countries through the I'ciicc
t'oi‘ps. “Sludciils have told me

 

Come Together

in
IIIEUIIII
(student flight)

riy PAN AM

cull Sue
iit 7-7621

 

 

 

that the Peace Corps is an ‘Eslab-
lishmcnt' element of ‘Amcrican
intervention,‘ and that there are
Secret Service agents in host. coun-
tries," he explained, “but I cannot
say one way or the other." "I
only know that the overwhelming
majority of people in my country
feel that the volunteers do help on
an individual and positive basis, he
continued, “and that I am not.
familiar enough with the political
elements involved to decide on
that."

Kuyon will remain on campus
until tomorrow at 5 p.ni. Inter-
views, which he dcscribcs as “rap
sessions, not job interviews" will
rim from :l-b both today and
tomorrow in the Placement
Office.

Lost LD. Fee
Lowered to $3

by Linda Ulsli

The five dollar replacement fee
for a new ID liiid been called,
“Way ovor costs for replacement"
by Donald Bunis of the Registrar's
office. The fee, therefore, has
been lowered to three dollars for a
new ID due in ii student error or
loss. [I' the card is defective
through no fault of the student or
if the student's name changes thc
University or the company will be
responsible for replacing it. With
the new policy coming inlo effect,
sludeiils, facully and staff will iill
be treated equally when rcplacc~
ment is being considered. Bunis
wishes to remind everyone that
the card is necessary to rcglslcr
'ucd free upon entering

   

and it is i.’
the UniVi-rsily.

[ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE '3

FDA to Raise Iron Contents
Some Fear Adverse Effects

Ma Lead to Cancer

by Neill Shanahiin

At a time when the Food and Drug Administration islpropoaing‘great increases in the
amount of iron in bread, an Albany general practitioner and two leading Boston doctors
claim that “excessive iron is destructive" and may lead to cancer.

Dr. Margaret Ann Krikker, who formerly worked for the Albany State University

Infirmary, Dr. William H. Crosby, and Dr.

Frederick Stohlman, heads of Boston

hospitals, have gone so far as to urge that iron and its salts be removed from the “GRAS
list" - the listing of foods and minerals guaranteed as safe by the FDA.

Iron and its salts I‘cannot be judged safe under the present use patterns...and the safe
upper limits of iron supplementation to the diet in the male (and post menopausal
female) are a matter of concern," Dr. Krikker wrote in a letter protesting the FDA plan
to more than triple the legal amount of iron allowed in bread and flour products.

News of the three doctors' opposition was released in the Food Chemical News, a
weekly bulletin to about 400 food producers and executives. The bakers and millers
industries support the FDA proposal.

Dr. Krikker, who resigned from the university infirmary in 1968, and who continues
to maintain an Albany residence was out of town and unavailable for comment.

The FDA has proposed an increase in the amount of iron in bread and flour from 15
milligrams per pound to between 50 and 60 milligrams. The recommended minimum
daily requirement for men is between 5 to 10 mgs per day and for menstruating women

between 7 to 20 mgs.

In a 1965 survey, the US. Department of Agriculture found that 25 per cent of boys
12 to 14, and 38 per cent of women and girls 9 to 54 received less than recommended

allowances of iron. The survey showed shortages were more severe among the poor.

Dr. Philip L. White, secretary of the American Medical Association's council on food
and nutrition, has called iron deficiency anemia and the resultant fatigue and low
resistance to disease “one of the major nutritional problems of teenage girls, and indeed

adult women as well.“

Dr. White has acknowledged in other writings that not enough is known of human iron
absorption, but told lhcI FDA that the council “is of the opinion that the proposed
increases in the amount of iron in enrichment should be put into effect even while work
is continuing on the best forms of iron to be used," adding that “years of work may be
rcqliircd bcforc sufficient is known to adequately clasmfy iron compounds by their
availability for absorption."

The opponents to the FDA proposal, however claim thiit the 1965) survey was too
limited and did not take into account the fact that different people absorb iron in
differing amounts. They claim too that what may often be identified as iron deficiency
is in fact deficiency of some other vitamin such as BE.

In Miiy, 1970, when the FDA proposal was made, the Associated Press quoted Dr.
Crosby, chief of blood studies at New England Medical Center, as claiming "even 30

milligrams of iron per day may be a source of danger to the :chrage mule.

n

Dr. Krikker noted that addition of iron to flour has bccn banned in France, West
(lermuny, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, and that Great Britain presently permits
only half the level allowed in the United States.

Dr Krikkcr claimed that prolonged, cxccssivo iron absorption results in an iron-excess
disease, hemachromatosis. In a more recent protest, says the Food Chemical News, the
Albany practitioner asserted there is a “direct relationship bisthcii excessive iron
deposition in hemachromiilosis and primary liver carcinomas (hiipatomiis)."

“As the incidence of liver cancer in hapalomiis in the general population is relatively
rare imd [I10 incidence of liver cancer in Iicmiichromiitosis is very high, the conclusion is
inescapable that liver cancer is induced by excessive iron absorption." Dr. Krikker said.

Dr. Krikkcr suggesch that the FDA's treatment of iron as “generally recognized as
safe (GRAS)” has enabled food manufacturers to iidd iron in unlimited amounts to
nonstandardich foods, whether or not it is needed by, or safe to, the consumer. She

said it is also
supplements.

consumed in huge quantities in vitamin-mineral non-prescribed

“It is more than likely that the healthy male and post-menopausal woman, as well as
those imcmii' patients, possibly undiagnosed, previously shown to havu cnhniiccd iron
absorption, will be ingesting and absorbing very large amounts of unneeded iron," Dr.
Krikkcr wrote, adding, “The iron in the undiagnosed ancmics will be absorbed but will
go not to the hemoglobin but to the tissues to accumulate."

’l‘hus, Dr. Krikkcr suggests that the widespread iron deficiency found in the 1965
Agriculture study will not be corrected by permitting the flour and baking industry to
triple the amount of iron in their bread and cereal products.

The increase, if not the presently permitted iimount, say the opponents, will pose ii

serious threat to the general population of iron-excess dint use and possibly cancer.

Dr. Crosby said doctors agree that the body does a poor job of working off excess
iron. 'l‘lic mini-rill concentrates in the liver and other glands, may possibly lend to

glandular failure, he said.
"No one is in it posilion to assure us that a large segment of the population would not

be placed iit increased risk from absorption and storage of iiniiccdcd iron," said Crosby.
The New England doctor cited heavy iron consumption by South African Bantua,
whose methods of cooking and brewing increase daily iron intake to 50 or 100
milligrams per day per person.
“About liiilf the population is found, iit death, to have serious accumulations of iron
in IIVcr, pancreas, heart and other susceptible organs and often these organs are severely

injured," said Crosby.

 

The Textbook Area

will ho closed us of March -tth.
All Spring,r toxin will be returned
i()II1(‘[)llI)IIHIl(‘I'tlI tliiit time.
Pious-w piii‘cliiii-iu iill books soon.
Drop cui‘iti-i will be honored

tli rough Mum-.11 -|tli.

with this coupon
either

  
 

MIKE’S

Giant

SUBMARINE

Ufft'!‘ i‘.\‘I)fI‘i'.\' I‘.('(). 28, I97]

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

 

 

 

GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS

  

HEM

Roast Beef

SANDWICH

  

"Elli

lll

Illl§llll

=Illl

. . :llll

 

