   

 

i
i
l
l

  
 
  
  
    
       
      
     
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

race 8

photos by solomon

   
    
    
    
   
     
   
     
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
     
    
     
   
     
     
  

 
 

    
    

Class Year-1973

rumor—Political Science Minor—Afro-Amerlcan Studies
Positions Held at University—Groups that you are a
member ol—State Ouad Program Council, On Campus
Director of Third World Liberation Front, Black Week
Committee, University Concert Board, Central Council,
Budget Committee, People's Coalition for Peace and Jus-
tice.

     
      
        
      
       
 

 

    
  
   
   
  

coalition.
. Wliol specific goals do you have for SA?

    
    
  
  
   
 
  
    
  
   
  
 
 
  

hould it concentrate solely on prouidirig
to)?

for profit.

     
             
              
       
          
        
  
   
         
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   

popular movements.

  

 
  
 
 

  
   

. //t/ i
2

Malor: Rhetoric and Public Address
Minor: Political Science, History, Business, and Law.
Positions held at University: 2 years on Central Council, 2
you: on Living Area Affairs Commission, 1 year on
Community Programming Commission. 2 years Chairman
of Constitutional Revision Committee, 1 year Chairman of
Political Speakers and Program: Executive Board of C.P.C.,
2 years on Solicitations Committee, 1 year Committee on
Rules and Rewletlonl for Maintenance of Public Order on
Campus, W: years writer for ASP, Student-Faculty Com-
mittee

 

Mitch Liberman

1. Why do you want to be SA President? Why do you feel that you are qualified to be SA Presidt at?
i see the role of SA President as a progressive one. Student government must change or be swept into the dust bin of
history as has happened to the anachronistic institution of MYSKANIA. These are the positions of the democratic left

. Do you feel SA should get into things like student housing (i.c. finding housing for studen[sh-Ebenezer Howard) or
recreational experiences for the students (i.c. speakers, funding Mohawk Campus,

i- . . . . .

e concept and .ramework of the student government is in need of overhaul. A new radical approach is needed lor the
. . . . .

tude‘nt Association. Student Association must do more than merely provide managerial service for the various campus

rganizations. It must enter Into aspects of student life where it has never before seriously ventured.

n housing, student government must take a greater role in the control and selection of dormitory personnel.

In off campus housing Student Association must aid students in their search for decent and inexpensive housing. Programs

such as the Ebenezer Howard Project must be supported.

FSA should be incorporated into the Student Association. The new structure would be under the control of the students

whose lives it directly affects. Fundamentally, this proposal is a call to turn the FSA into a Co-op for our ure rather than

Food service should be placed under the direct control of students as is the case at R.P.l. Mandatorv board should he
abolished and food co-ups, aided by SA, should be established to meet the needs of both resident and commuting students.
Campus workers must no longer be subject to the paternalistic whims of FSA. Therefore, we call for the formation of a
union of campus workers in order to end this gross exploitation. We propose:

--a voter registration project to enroll the poor and the newly cnfranehised 18 year olds.

--a more rigorous battle against the polluters in the Albany area and full SA support of PYE.

--to make clear our support for the struggling democratic iiichments of self-determination throughout the world; howuvcr,
we must also make clear our opposition to the totalitarian forces, either right or left, which seek to crush these mass,

-:to vigorously struggle against racism and violence,
3. Do you see next yeur as one of consolidation or tar/reruneiitalion for SA? Explain why.

i see next year as one of experimentation for the Student Association; lichver, this experimentation must he dom- in a
pragmatic way which will consistently listen to the democratic demands of thiI majority of students. 1 also see next year as
one of centralization and consolidation for thc S.A.

ALBANY STUDENT 

S. A. Presidential Candidates:

Vernon Bowen

1. Why do you want to be SA President? Why do yeti feel that you are qualified to be SA President?

I want to be S. A. President because I feel that the S.A. has to change. Rules and regulations and old traditions must
change with the changing times. We are involved in a very crucial period of'history. Many believe that the University should
be detached from the problems that exist in the world today, I do not believe that this is a good theory to have,

I feel'that I am qualified because i know that the problems are our there and that after four years We will be back out
there with them. Also the fact that l have been on several committees, and am able to rcaltc to all people and their

situations qualiﬁes me as S.A. president.

2. What specific goals do you have for SA?

The specific goals that I have for S.A. are to make sure that all bills passed are enforced to the period and that S.A.
relates to the problems of the world today. Also that the old rules and traditions be updated.

3. Do you see next year as one of consolidation or experimentation for SA? Explain why“

I see next year as a year of corrections and more student participation in the actions of S.A. and the bills being passed
that affect them. I feel that students are being used, by having bills passed in their names. without their being consulted.

4. Do you feel SA should get into things like student housing (i.c. finding housing for studentr—Ebenezer Howard) or
should it concentrate solely on providing recreational experiences for the students (i.c. speakers, funding Mohawk Campus,
etc)?

I definitely feel that S.A. should get involved in ALL aspects of student life be it political or recreational.

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
    

  

Class Vear- 1972

Major- English

Minor- Afro-American Studies

Positions held- University Senator, Member at Young
Peoples Socialist League and Vouth Comm. lor Peace and
Democracy in the Mid-East.

Running Maie- Dave Kopilow

Ken Stokem

I Why do you want to he SA President? Why do you fur-t that you are qu‘llifipd m in. HA [>,.,.,.,'d,.,,w
1 would like to be SA President, because it would allow me an increased opportunity to apply what 1 consider to he very
necessary changes in Student Association Policy. i would attempt to implement a basic philosophy for a good, responsive
student gchrnmcnt, that l have developed in my lbrt-e years of involvement in Student Association.

i believe I am qualified to be President of SA because i can rccogiii‘tc this tendency for thc sliidciit government in lost-
touch Willi the sludclils. i think that the President must be someone who can combine ii sense of humanism in government
and real feeling tor the students with the constructive ability to maintain an effective student go\'crinni-nl strut-turt-
Without going overboard in any one direction.

:3. What specific goals do you have for S.“
The most irniortant fun‘ on ‘S - >- ‘~ '- l ' - - ~> -

g I) | . I; r Lll ol tudtnt [\sotitl-Iil‘tlll‘ is that nt a budgvmry (,qunlmlmn‘ My “N pm)er Wm,“ m, m“.
imp LlllLllliltlUlt o the budgetary philosophy that Student Association should provide the greatest amount of \i‘i'vli'i's I'm
the gieattst amount of pioplc, but ill the slime time “also provulc as many opportunities rm. m“.th Inhq-Nh h lmwhii- "

A sccond goal which follows with the first is vr ' 'l ' A I i H H
- . . l' t I ' t - . . .

1 _ ‘ r i. ll tr |Iimlteinenl ot stndt nts in student govt-rnim-nt increase lll llli‘
general feeling of Its being their government,

The SA should also function to brinv ‘ll)(l|lt ' H ‘ '

i t lIL‘LL‘hhl ‘ ' - v ‘ t t . ' ' v
F _ l ‘ ‘ _ g l. t “‘Y “hinges in University polit, as it has in the past. (in-titer pressuri-
on aui tyvbtudent Association for more and better schict-s less waste and Costs iind git-tilt l l t t' l
r , ‘. ' . .~ . ‘2. _ . ~ . . . ' " ‘ ‘ A: 'I' 5 [ll 1'" [ltlr li‘llld IUll lll
Ulllvtrblt} Administrative decisions are just two areas ol possible development.

 

.i. [)0 you see next yearns tlllt’ of consolidation or experinientalion for SA." Explain why
i see the next year in Studcnl Association as being one of great experimentation. The new (‘onslitntion abolished ln'lll\‘
s , ‘ ~ ~ A .
old areas and opens up many new ones. i‘ or example, can the functions of some or all of the commissions which have been
abolishedbc performed better in another way than they have been; can overlapping functions be eliminated and better
coordination and communication be (lcVeloped‘? All these areas are left open for possible irn )rovcmciil 'l'lirou ‘ll
experimentation i hope to ucliieVe a great lll'lll of improvement and reorgiuiilalioii l V L
J. I)” you eat SA should get lIllt) things like student housing (l.l' finding housing [or gimp-"p; [-‘hpnpu-r lumird) or
should it concentrate solely on providing recreational experiences for [I ' ' j I v i
, . lt’ allitlt'tlla’ (Lt'. s icnkers I t' ' H W"
cm“ I . filtltllllj. Mohuul. (u u .
if the Student 'l‘ax remains mandatory, i could sec continued involvement with sufficient funds into such things as
student housing, but on a voluntary strident tax, we would have to do so to it much lesser degree

. an. 28, 1971

A Piece of Their Minds 
Mike Lampert

1. Why do you want to be SA President? Why do you feel that you are qualified to be SA President?

studerit Association has been‘making a number of advances in directions that assist the student. We have made some small
gains in FSA (such as the Indian Quad Board Reduction, and a bUS for Mohawk), have provided more concerts than we did
last year, and so on. I would like to continue to have SA move in these directions and expand into new ones. I would like
to help in this effort, and feel that I could do so effectively as President.

WEDNESDAY,

   

   

 

 

2. What specific goals do you have for SA?

There are several important directions SA needs to take next year:
«A, The democratization of FSA must continue-and move at an even faster rate than it has in the past. FSA must stop
coercing any fee-students should get what they pay for and not be charged any hidden tax for Mohawk or the Glen House

or any other purpose.

--B. The entire area of the Residence staff needs to be looked into. For a group whose main job is serving the resident
student, they are remarkably unresponsive to him, Resident students (not just RA's) need to be involved in the selection of
RA’s and Directors. They need to be involved in setting more policies—like the "search" policy, and the refrigerator policy.
"C, The academic machinery of the University needs to be made more responsive. This can be done in three major ways:
(u) students need to be more involved in deciding what new courses should be taught, departments established, etc.; (b) an
academic grievance proccdure needs to be established so that students whose professors treat them unfairly (prof's don't 2 L
come to class, etc.) have some recourse; (c) student evaluation of courses and teachers need to be expanded. 
«D. SA needs to become involved in providing the push for new kinds of services— continued assistance in supporting a
Day Care center; a push to help clean up the lake; helping the radio station to get an FM license to serve 2,000 commuters
it does not: now serve and to help educate the community as to the student's opinions.

4. Do you feel SA should get into things like student housing (i.c. finding housing for students—Ebenezer Howard) or
should it concentrate solely on providing recreational experiences for the students (i.c. speakers, funding Mohawk Campus,

etc)?

Next year needs to be a year of both consolidation and experimentation for SA: we need to continue to move in the
directions I discussed in the first question as well as to expand as l have outlined in the second question.

SA needs to be involved in any project that serves the
student housing in the Albany area, therefore SA should get involved in Ebenezer Howard. Any project that is educational,

cultural, social or recreational & serves the students is worthy of SA involvement, to the limits of our money.

  
   

  
  

   

   

5:}:

Gina yer-1972
Major: Rhetoric and Public Address Minor: Political Science
Positions Held:

Freshman year: Forensics union member, representative
from Alumni Quad to LAAC, new reporter for WSUA,
Forum of Politics member, Ski Club member; Sophomore
year: Treasurer ol Forum of Politics, Finance Committe
member, International Student Association member, Ski
Club member, President of Albany Transnational Forum,
member of Political and Social Concerns Board, member of
Student Mobilization Committee, member at Speaker's
Bureau and Forensics Union. Junior your: President of
Forum of Politics, President of Albany Transnational
Forum, member of Political Speakers Board, member of
International Student Association, member of the Ebenezer
Howard Project, member of German Club.

  
  

 

Steve Gerber

    

ALBANY STUDENT mass ‘PAGE 9

EDITOR'S NOTE:
Each presidential candidate aloe preaented with the some list of "
questions on April 26. Candidatee were informed that their
answers would not be edited for consideration of space. Page
positiona were determined by lot.

    

   

Cl- Veer-1.13

Meier: Political Science

Minor: Rhetoric Br Public Addreu

Positions Held at University-Groups that you are a
member ol-- Vice President, Student Association; Member,
University Govemence Commission; Member, Student Al-
lairs Council: Member, Central Council (2 year!)

students. Statistical suerys leave no doubt that there is ii need for

 

Bob Burstein

I. Why do you wont to be SA President? Why do you feel that you are qualified to be SA President?

My qualifications for SA President are based upon my act.ch service in the university for the past three years. it has been
through these activities that l have gaian familiarity with the student body. i am sure that what my opponents and myself
desire are very similarmtlic reformation of VSA away from the profit motive and more towards the needs of the students,
the improvement of the university and the urban environments, the acquisition of low-rent off-campus housing. Opposition
to these ideas would merely note an ignorance of the problems facing the student body today. It is a difficult job and one
that will require the niiion of the entire student body, not only the Central Council, in working for these goals. It is from
my extensive service with Student Association amt with the student body that i feel best qualified to serve as SA
President.
2. What specific goals do you have for SA?
The main need for SA is for an allocation of funds that will serve the greatest number of students. This would refer to
concerts, functions in the Campus Center that were experienced last Spring Weekend, and a larger commitment to the
dramatics field than is now gchn at present. More long-range goals call for the formation of a (Jo—operative Bookstore under
the Student Association, the cleaning up of the lake and other wastelands utilizing the aid of PYE, and the acquisition of
low-rent off<cainpus housing in cooperation with the Ebenezer Howard Project,
.‘I. I)” you see next year as one of consolidation or t'.\‘[l(’l‘ltllt’lllullt)” for SA! Explain why.
lf elected and supported by (chtral Council in my goals, next year will go beyond experimentation. These goals directly
conflict. with FHA policy and they might cvcn lead to a divorce from that parent body. Examination after examination of
FSA has shown a consistent loss for the Bookstore and when that occurs the only thing to do is to change management.
liowovcr, to go too deeply into experimentation with SA would not be wise. Any radical change initiated by the student
body has been translated into something political, as had happened last spring. The state would only be too happy to freeze
our budgets in prevention of upbeavcls on campus. 1 will attempt. to steer clear ofsuch confrontations, but SA will not be
compromised by any minority when the will of a clcar majority has been acted upon.
g (i.c. finding housing for sludcritr-Ebenezer Howard) or
-s for the students (i.c. speakers, funding Mohawk Campus,

   

  
   
 

 
    
  
 

     
    
       
     
   
   

   
 

 
 

   
 

4. Do you fer-I SA should get into things like student Imusin
should it concentrate solely on providing recreational t'.\‘[)(‘t‘lt'll(‘t
cl f. K
As‘ I) have formerly stated, it is my belief that SA must proceed with plans to acquire student housing if We intend to servo
not, only the students in the university now, lint also in the future, Being a member of the Ebenezer Howard Project, i am
well aware of the problems of such an undertaking and the amount. of money it will require, But we need not depend solely
on SA funds for such a project, it is about time that we called on our friends in FSA to start working for us! it is by these

means that we can also focus our attention on the recreational activities for the students next year.

 
  
     

Dave Kopilow

 

Ed Colin , candidate for SA. President did not submit aiisWers to the questions given
out on April ‘.’.(i. We are therefore unable to print anything other than his picture.

 Terry Wilbert

    
  
   
 

     
    
    
    
    
     
   
     
    
    
    
    
        

