     

      
    
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   

     
  
  
 
  
 
   
  

PAGE 10

  

Squash

by John DeBlasio

Albany State’s Munseymen steam-rolled another opponent Wednes-
day afternoon for their 18th straight win. Their latest victim was a
hapless Oneonta State squad, as evidenced by the ﬁnal score: Albany
108, Oneonta 37.

The winning streak extends over three years now, and as the
previous scores have indicated, there seems no end to the Munsey-
men‘s destruction. Only a team equally strong, deep and as enthusias-
tic aa ours could provide ample competition and right now that team
seems pretty distant.

A new school record was set by Sal Rodriguez in the 440 with a
time of 150.1. Don Van Cleve and Dee Grilli once again dominated the
shot and discus, while Van Cleve also won the javelin. Other individual
State winners were ClifchCargin the 100 yd. dash, Pete Payne in the
mile and 880, Saul Moshenberg in the high jump and long jump, Nick
DeMarco in the two mile, John Streeter in the triple jump and Tommy
Moore in the pole vault.

By placing many finishers in the top three places, the Danes took
almost complete control of the meet. The team's depth is utterly
tremendous, as Coach Munsey keeps shifting his men among a variety
of events.

The trackmen entertain Plattsburg and Siena in a triangular meet
Saturday afternoon at home, so come out and cheer on a much
deserving track squad to victory. You'll be watching perhaps the
strongest team to ever represent this school in any sport.

V WANT gUALiTY
CONTRACEPTIVES?

Once upon a time. the best male contraceptives that money
could buy were in your local drugstore. That time is gone.
Today, the world's best condoms come from England, and

l

O

O

O

, O

are available in Americam from .
I

I

O

I

 

POPULATION PLANNING
exclusive Us. distributor for two remarkable land
or) British condoms—scientifically shaped NuForm
ine Fetherlitc—And we make them available through
malls. Both are superbly line and light—
llghter than drugstore brands. They average 1.25 gms apiece In
be precise. These contraceptives are made by LR. industries ul
London. the world's largest manulacturer of contraceptive pro -
ucts. They not only meet rigorou . . F specifications. but
are made to British Government Standard 3704 as well. You
won't find a more reliable condom anyw ere.
Our illustrated brochure tells you all about i-‘etheriitc and
. NuForm. And about seven other American brands which we have
carefully selected from the more than one hundred kinds available
.today. And we explain the rlillercnccs.
We also have nonprescription foam for worni-ri and a wide
. variety of books and pamphlets on birth control. sex, population, .
and ecology.

n more infoririation'l it's free. Just send us your name and .
address. Better still. [or one dollar we'll send you all the informa-
tion lus two l-‘ethcriltc samples and um: Nni-‘orrn. For tour dollars

. ou'l get the brochure plus three each at five different condom
rands (lncludlnF both imports). All correspondence and rnerciian- .

. disc is shipped n a plain cover to protect your privacy, and we
Wartime!) your money lint-k li you're not sallslied With our products.

. hy wall'l .

POPULATION PLANNING ASSOC. .

........ ..
E
I
E
-<
'6
0
v
E

 

 

 

 

 

. Box ZSSG-N. Chapel Hill, N. C. 215“
. Gentlemen: Please send rne' 2 . Your free brochure and price .
list at no obligation. ._ .Tiirce samples for s1 _ Deluxe
. sampler package tor
Name
. Adore-I .
. City State Zip_ .

 

‘ HE ASP SPORTS
Tracksterﬁta

ALBANY STUDENT psass

Track Meet Tomorrow at 1:30

.. . ,-..mmw.:awmu

FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1971

 

 

 

Albany‘s Sal Rodriquez (left) has broken SUNYA's 440 record in his last two outings. His performance

Wednesday broke his own previous record, as he was clocked in 0:50.l.

 

 

Skipper Chris Follows, with crew Marsha Magrill, prepare for the
start of Pace SA on the Hudson River at Marist College.

---(‘llU\tl

Sailing Team

Finishes First

The Albany Sailing 'l‘cam
traveled to Marist. College recently
where it outsailcd four schools
and choppy seas to place first in
their second regatta ol' the spring
season. The four other schools
competing included Marist, Lalay»
ctte, Queens, and Stevens.

A total of' 10 races were sailed
around a triangular course ol’
which Albany sailors took five
firsts.

Top skipper for the event was
Chris Follows, team captain of the
Albany sailing team. Skipper ol' the
B Division was Glenn Fadcn with
Sandy Griii'f, Gail Henry, and
Marsha Magrill as crews. Charles
Bowman accompanied the team as
assistant coach.

Coming up is a regatta that
Albany will be hosting which will
take place tomorrow and Sunday,

 

University Concert Board

lN CONJUNCTION WITH

Block Weekend & Spring Weekend

PRESENTS

LUES

Friday, April 23 at 9 PM
SUNYA GYM
$2 with tax $4 without

JOHNNY WINTER
8r T-REX

TICKETS on sale starting April l5. in CC lobby from

JAZZ
PHAROAH sauoras

8o LLETA MBULU‘
Sat, April 24 at 9 PM

SUNYA GYM
$1.50 with tax $3 without

funded by
student tax

IO—2

 

 

~‘A

l

goes Gay 90's

Featuring the finest
8 Piece
Banjo Group
cast of the Mississippi.
P Sing Along...

i Slides and Old Movies

All Legal Beverages
l Draft Beer...Dancing
i Steamed Clams
...Peanuts

l Friday 8—2...
Saturday 8—2...
Sunday 7—l
l? |8~80 welcome...
Identification, please
fit-20 12 miles
yl west of Albany

 

i

4

Swiss Inn}
4

4

i

l

AA‘LAA ALA LL
ww—‘r

-_~AA_A

’v’v‘v’v’v’v—v

l

‘l

 

 

 

“.LLL- _

 

'V V ‘
VV—V—v

 

 

 
 

Ii 

 \i u\

mDAY, APRIL 23, 1971

E State 9 Win;

by Rob Mirett

This past Tuesday the Great
Danes opened tip at home and
came away with an impressive
blanking of visiting New Paltz,
by the score of 3-0.

Freshman Kevin Quinn, who is
fast becoming the ace of the

Alb-9 State mound staff, tossed
a two-hitter, allowing only two
singles. In winning his second
game of the season, the hard-
throwing righthander walked no
one and struck otit five while
going the route for the second
straight time. He was in complete

 

Zeke Speaks

by Robert Zareniba

 

 

 

The Albany Student Press was privileged to publish in Wednesday's issue, a
smattering of garbled nonsense addressed to the Editor and srgnod by Thom Xi
0mm, Undoubtedly this masterpiece must have necessrtated tho summoning
up of the composite argumentative and literary skills of TXO fraternity, their
executive board, brotherhood, honorarles, and close friends. The composite
softball skills of the same people couldn't ovarcomean early lead taken by Four
Years After in a League I AMIA softball game last Tuesday, and this was the
incident that served as impetus for one of the great literary arguments of our

time.

Although the letter implies the game started fifteen minutes late, the umpire
of the game has stated that the prevrous game ended on time (before 4:45) and
the game in question tollowod immediately afterward. The time limit on this
softball game, as it has been for all games this year, is one hour and fifteen
minutes. Hence it has been general policy all season long that no game that
starts on time shall go beyond 6:00 p.m., unless there IS a to: or unless BOTH
team captains agree to continue play: the latter condition IS liithyunllkaiy Strict!
the leading team has no reason to risk a chance to blow their lead.

Furthermore, regardless of when it started, Abbie Hoffman was here that day,
and the PE Building had accordingly announced that it would close after 6 pm.
This means all equipment had to be in, arc. and it was part ol Mr. Yager‘s job.
as AMIA director, to see that this 6 pm. deadline was met.

Yagsr called the game at a few minutes before 6 pm , as 5“.- tull innings were
complete, and the visiting team (TXOl was trailing. To give TXO another turn
at bat would mean playing another full rnnrnr and certainly would have put the
game beyond its time limit.

What's most interesting is that on several occasroos earlier this season, the
TXO club has been on the wrnnrng end of games that were called III identical
situations, in identical fashion, and for identical reasons. On these occasions
somehow they didn't see fit to be so outraged at Mr. Vager's actions. Tuesday,
however, they were losing, and so the calling of rho game turned them into an
uncontrollable pack of green meanles, as they kicked and boiled and hurled all
sorts of verbal abuse at the AMIA director.

The more upsetting and provoking aspect of that letter of protest was in its
most overtly stated implications. According to TXO, the above mctdenr
show"the lack of organization which has plagued the program since the start of
the year." They claim that this is due to the “incorrertency” of its Director
whatever the hell that means, and that Mr. Vager has "srnglehandedly thrown
AMIA into complete chaos."

Ridiculous, untrue and unfair. The Albany Men's intramural Program happens
to be one of the most extensrve programs of its kind in the country. This year,
under the supervrsion of Mr. Vager, even more activnies have been added and
participation has greatly increased. The program has run remarkable smoothly
and efficiently, despite a chronic lack of funds time, space and student
assistance. And speaking of student asustance, the authors of that latter had the
audBCity to include that “since AMIA is funded by the students, there is no
reason why one man should put it upon himself to control the entire program.“
Th8 fact isthst TXO themselves waived their own right to representation on the
AMIA council. They submitted a name at the beginning of the fall semester but
he has not materialized at a Single AMIA Councrl meeting during the entire
7071 year.

T0 so strongly maling AMIA, and Mr. Vapor in particular, on account
of a loss in a softball game, is most immature and terribly l ’espoiisibls.

The letter, in its final paragraph, concludes by calling the AMIA Situation
"intolerable." To those who find AMIA "intolerable" THE ASP SPORTS
50999“: that you not participate in it and that you rush TXO. To those who
find TXO intolerable, THE ASP SPORTS WIslIes you good luck on your finals,
3 happy and healthy stimmar, and best prospects for a warning AMIA football
team next fall.

 

Dr. William Abruzzi
speaking on

The Drug Scone

Tuesday, April 27th
7:30 PM it: 7

PRESENTS:

lcc Cream Social

sponsored by (‘(‘ Fountain

(ATHEXIS

In cooperation with

Nooniirnc
Spring Weekend Picnic Diuiicr
All quad dining lillllS
Movie:
11' 7 7'30 & it) put
JOHNNY WINTER pins TYRAN
(iyin ‘) pin
Oldtiinc Movies - FREE
(‘t' (‘iilclciia

Academic Affairs
Commission

and

Community Programing

Carillon Concert by
Commission.

Nounlunc

 

hi ||‘t‘I .H. ‘I

 

 

 

as. stasis... a i.   .. .. t. .

 

PRING

Friday. April 23rd
_______________.

l l 30 ant-3 pm
Carillon Concert by FRANK PUTORTI

Satu 1-day. April 2-ith
FRANK l’U'l‘ORTl

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

control throughout the game and

retired the last nine batters to face'

him. In 18 innings this season,
Kevin has permitted only seven
hits and no earned runs.

Outt'ielder Jim Lee hit a solo
homer in the third inning, his
second of the season. Lee has the
distiriciton of being the only play-
er of the club to have hit any
round-toppers. Second baseman,
Rod Dunbar connected for a sin-
gle zuid triple; the triple being a
330 foot drive to center field,
knocking in Jim Lee from third
base. States's other run crossed
the plate when third baseman Bill
Lapp slapped an infield single.
thii the peg to first pulled the
visiting first baseman off the bug,
John Zimmerman raced home.

As in the previous game. back-
up catcher, Jcl'l‘ Szipcistciu, l'illed
in capany l'or ailing Jack Lcahy.
Jack, one of the leading batsmen
on the squad. is out with bursitis
in the hip.

Over the weekend, the Danes
ran into l’latlsburgh and had their
undefeated string snapped by a
l U pitcher's battle. The only run
of the game was unearned as With
two outs and a man on base, an
inl‘u'ld error allowed the runner to
come .ill the way around to Score.
Started Nick :\screu1.zi went Six
innings and after being lil'tcti for a
piriclihiticr, Vic Erruntu hurled
ll‘l' I't‘llltlllltitL' two. Each team was
only able to produce four hits.
liutl Dunbar and Jeff Supt-stein
picked up twu hits apiece for the
Danes.

'l‘lic gamc itself was a frustrating
one for both the team and Coach
Bob Burlinganic, for going into it,
Albany State had been averaging 7
runs .i game. But in this game all
of the Dunc hits were scattered
and they found it difﬁcult to even
.ulvancc a base-runner to third.
l‘hc contest ciirlctl on a sour note
.5 .i State runner was thrown out
at third base

Today, Albany is hosting Rl‘l at
.iP.\l and on Saturday
home game against rival Sit-nu Will
be starting at 22PM. The team is an
cxu‘lting one and so If it's at all
possible, ll. would bt' worth a walk
down to the lake to take a look at
this ballclub.

Sport Short

strut

Ll single

 

 

 

 

League ll Softball captains of
tcunis who nrt' still in the running,
should check ihc AMIA office [or
revised playing sclictluli-

 

BU'I'CH ('ASSIDY & THE SUNDANCE Kll)

NOSAURUS REX in concert

0

it) ill plii'.‘ .llii or

all

In ("use Ufli'iu'u. 'I'ln' ()ulilvur (igneous Wt/I 'lilkt' l'lin't' _ , ,_ .
In l'lic (‘rmipux (‘ciircr (‘rrji'lcriu

. .

 

PAGE 1 1

uinn Throws Two Hitter

 

.' _ r ‘ I . - . . & 7:“,
Albany‘s Kevin Quinn follows through en route to a two hit shutout
in the Dane‘s home opener last Tuesday. y”"""“’

 

You’ve Got It,
WE WANT IT!

Ilic Ebcnczcr Howard Pltilt‘tl Is prcscntly looking for
students who wish to do independent study on >0llit‘
aspect of the proposed new community or iii—town
rehabilitation housing proiccts. Students may apply for
from ,i to l5 academic credits, Any student or
students, who wish to work on individual or group
proit‘t'ts are invited to attend .in interest meeting on
Friday, April ‘23 in CC 320 .11 4:00 pm. The range of
possible proiccts is wide tilitl we are especially looking
for students with social science and humanities back-
grounds.

Comc visit with us in our suite of offices in Mohican
Hall on Indian Quad (suites 300 and 309) or give us a
call at 457-8327.

 

 

 

WEEKEND ’71

Bands and beer
Stutc & Colonial Quads lull) pni (sport. by quad boaitlslk_
Kile Flying & Frisbee Flinging

Administration Circle 2:.iti pm

(300 kitcs will be given away on a ﬁrst some basis);
Movie: DUTCH (‘ASSIDY 8; THE SUNDANCE KID I

/

l.(‘ 7 7 308: It) pin
FREE Concert-Dance featuring WILMER ALEXANDER

(‘t‘ liallioorn 0:30 pm it THE DUKES

Franks-5J5; Soda-3H0; pit'trels S: olalo chi-FREE
Oldtinic Movies - FREE

(‘t‘ (‘al‘clciiu 10:30 pm»: ant

  
 
 
 

   
  
   
 

Sunday. April 25th
FREE Outdoor concert featuring FRANK ‘
O'l'l‘O ROAI), A2 JOHN SIMSON w W

(‘t‘ Gardens l~5 pin (spun. by @N‘ "fig/MEX
(‘l'iilil  

il.’ '1’! ‘ ""

- -..--. -
------------

M......m..-..........._..a....n...~....a,...-.Hummus. ..  w...“ 

i

:r A

.;__.,, .f._,,‘

 

