.. i._»“.,,c«,-, ,_,1..,,~\A,‘,-A.~, -JvuvM_.._/~h<.. —

 

 

at .

I ‘ PAGE. 4

Editorial Comment

 

Mortlgiaged Education. I

A decent education at a reasonable rate is one of the few
beneﬁts left to the average New York State resident. The recent
proposal heralded by the Chamber of Commerce might seem on
the surface a way to save money, but is, in actuality, a device to
free the State from any connection with college education. How
surprising to hear, from the President of the Empire State
Chamber of Commerce the Statement that,“You’ve got to be a
millionaire to educate your kids in college if you try to do it otit
of you own pocket." His solution is to raise tuition to a level
competent with private institutions. lngenius how Mr. Roberts
would make education cheaper by making it more expensive! The
logic, of course, involves the use of the word “deferred”. This
does not mean “removed”~it means mortgaged. Education on the
installment plan. Mr. Roberts, when something is mortgaged. it
still has to be paid off! Ask any student who is attending any
university on loans.

How utterly businesslike to out money for education! God
forbid we should stop the South Mail, or the unending
construction of highways, or all the other great projects that the
State of New York is engaged in!

i ask Mr. Roberts to imagine himself back at age 24,_just oitt of
college, probably married, starting out life not only iii a fantastic
tax bracket, but also having to pay back his (and perhaps his
wife’s) college tuition~and at such a rate. Not a very pretty
picture—especially if he remained in New York State, the Land of
Taxes. Yes, Mr. Roberts, college students pay taxes, tool

Who is Guilty?

Well, it has happened. Lieutenant William Calley has been found
guilty of the premeditated murder of 12 Vietnamese civilians.
During the trial Calley openly admitted the killings, but claimed.
as his defense, that he “was only following orders." This would
seem to rekindle memories of another war, and another inasacre
in which the same excuse was offered. The precedent was set then
by humanity that an order was not a license to kill.

Another precedent, thotigli, was set at this time. The officer
who issued the order was also guilty of the crime, in the My Lai
incident we have seen a lieutenant. the lowest of the officers
involved, convicted. We now have a scapegoat. But what of
Captain Ernest C. Medina, the officer who (allegedly) ordered the
massacre? What of the other higher ranking officials involved.
both in the killings and their suppression? And what of an Army
that makes a man feel he is only killing gooks, coniniies, or things
less than human,,

T. (LC.

D. R. W.

 

 

albany student press

The Albany Student Press is published three times ptir WHUk diiiirin the
academic year (except during recesses) by the Student Association nt the
State University of New York at Albany. lthtudtint Association is lociilnit
in Campus Center 346 at 1400 Washington Avciiiio,/\lhany, Now York,
12203. Subscription price is $9 per your or $5 poi semester, Second cliii...
mailing permit pending, Baltsion Spa, New York,

editor-in-clii'cf
thomas g. clingan

managing editor t'.\’t't'ltll'l't‘ L’tff/Ul'

. . . . . . . . . . . .aralynn abarel l . . l . r - . ~ a . v CtIl'Ol bushes
advertising manager Ilt'W.\' ctIi'tor

.............jeffr0dgers' .............vickizeldin
businesx manager . tl.\'.\'4lt'ftllt.' iicwx L't/fltII‘S

 . . . . .  . . . .chuck rihak ' ' r ~ ' ‘ . . ‘ . . V ' I my lcwis

aaaialunl bustncss.muituger ' ' . t . ' . . ' . .muidﬂ “ring.th

. . . . . . . .......philniark

technical editors . ‘ ' ’ ' ‘ ‘ ’. ' ' ‘ ’ ' ' "any Wu”

. . . . . . . . . . . . .sue seligson l f""””"-" “1””

, , , , , , , _ . , , , dun wiljmlm . . . . . . . . .debbie natansolin

, , _ , , , _ , , , ,wunen wishmi tl.\'.\'tlt‘flll(' [ctr/tires cilitor

advertising layout 5 , , . . . . . . . . . . john fairliall

. . . . . . . . . . . . . torn rhodes , urli' t‘tlflt)!‘
circulation manager ' ' ~ ' ‘ _ _ _ . , . _ . ﬁnd" walch
Ir. -’-1  v - - - r ‘ ~ 5"” “mum” axioct‘atc arts editor.
5 “p ‘ ' . . . . . . . . . . . .inichdie palella
. . . . . . . . . . . . joii guttmart , , , .
up [mph .ipor/i Ldlltlr
l ‘ I . . r I . ‘ I . I . [ken deﬁne . . . . , . . . . . robert zareniha
, v . I _ _ h I . _ 4 Jack mundcm t'tt/HIIUIX cit/tor .
. . , . . . . . . . . . . r. j. warner
pliotogru/I/iy cili'lor rily ctlitor
. . . . . . . . . . . .jay rosciilierg . . . . . . . . . . . . . . mike ellis

Coming to you by Pony Express from room 326 of the Crumpud Sunder of
Si... knee at Albany, the Albany Sriuku Pit was founded in 1916. Oriunl
your map to coordinates 457-2190 or 2194 if you wish to reach our.
reservation. If you must contact us, srnoko signals of under 300 words,
subject to being massacred by our little big rnnn, Tom~Tom, may be sent.
Presently we sit on student tricks and belong toAitjP. Mohawk tower
residents take hood. Howl

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
   
 

   
 

, m our, KID! ‘cnus'E

o‘mhitciaeiiiiir’
is . Ir

"mitt in ex as: rue EVIL

   

WEDNESDAY, MARCH '51, 1971

  

mTllE EASTER Wiiicii MEANS ‘

  
  
   
     

   

HDLlDAY SEASON
is AT HAND!

 

 

 

  

f!
 coLLAll

 

 

 

       
 
  
     

 
   
    
  

WELL m THAT? DIFFE I
SPOKEN ME A T/iiEiNETMALE
CHAWINIS‘ ySON/ TELL
no THEY STILL HAVE
mm RAIDS, TOO 7
-. (elects!) '

  

 

COJ‘dJVJENT
Open Letter

Dear Senator Buckley:

As a devout member of the conservative ranks, I
was quite disturbed by the approval you gave to
President Nixon's plan to federally fund the SST, a
project certainly out of the government's rightful
jurisdiction, from u conservative's viewpoint, and
one which should be handled by the private
businesses only. Such federal funding is nothing
short of welfarism and moves the country in a
socialist direction. Ecological questions aside, Presi-
dent. Nixon has overstepped his bounds by support—
ing this project just as he did when he proposed his
Family Assistance plan; and you, who received the
support last fall of so many ardent conservative
young people like myself, who campaigned against
federal sponsoring of so incredulous a project, have
disappointed your followers by changing your posi-
tion and moving toward more governmental involve-
ment. in H" area long held by conservatives to be out
of the government‘s hands. Why doesn't the govern-
ment expand on this “new” role you seem to be
supporting? Why not appropriate federal funds to
finance other business projects? Let's expand the
’I‘VA; let's finance a steam-run auto engine—Detroit
would appreciate that; let's fund all business pro-
jects; in fact, let‘s get rid of the middleman and run
the businesses oursclVes, the government, that. is.

You have disappointed us all. l am anxiously
waiting for further comment in this area; waiting to
sue if you have sold out completely to the leftists.
Your next speech, if in fact you still consider
yourself ii member of the conservative ranks, should
rtiii something likc this: "Capitalism is the founda-
tion upon which this country is built. Any usurping
of capitalsim threatens the foundations which have
made this country both free and strong. President
NiXon‘s proposal to federally fund a private projch
likc the SST, or any other private enterprise, is
anti-conservatch anrl anti-capitalist. It leads us in a
direction that we conservatives have feared the
liberals would lead us to. And it tons doric by It mutt
who calls litnisclf (t coiisi-I'tttrlitvc. My support of this
project was a mistake which i am thankful to have
realized now. As a conservative and an ecologist I
cannot support. any federal backing of lllc SST.
Thank you."

And thank you, Senator.

Yours truly,
Mitchell Frost

Crime on Campus

To [be Editor:

()tir stiiti- was robbed this morning at hilt). ()ur
door was locked we arc sure because our suili-niatc
returned from breakfast to ﬁn(1j|l(x:k(l(id(X)r Whi‘n
sht- Wt‘lll tittl again, lllll‘ of our pocketbooks was
iiying outside llH' suite. The pm'kcllintik had lll't‘ll
sitting tilt the desk ni-iircat llll‘ dour Most of us have
always left our pockctbooks on our desks.

Wc liiiVe always felt that as long as We lucked our
door at night we'd be safe. We are no longer sure of
that tact, l‘wo other suites on our floor have llt‘t'l]

robbed, both had open doors. This owning. a friend
informed us of other suites that had been robbed, A
quick check of suites in otir immediate area alcrti-d
us to the fact that between floors six and twelve of
Eastman, there has been a flourish of rohlwrii-s
during the past. week, most of which had ll|it'n
doors.

This letter is u plcii to those people on campus
who have had money stolen and have not reported
it. Our RA had no idea about all of the riihlii-rir-s
that had taken place simply because ihcy had not
been reported. Though the money cannot lil' l‘t‘
turned, and even though the door was open, if a
crime is reported, others can be made aware enough
to take added precautions. Perhaps if we had known
about the recent outbreak of thicvery in Eastman,
we would not have left our purses on our tics-ks.
Perhaps if security, which even now acknowledges :i
large number of robberies, realized that there Wl‘ft'
even more, they would take some action. Dut- to a
tremendous amount of red tape which is part of any
bureaucracy, it is hard to get anything done ltt't‘t‘
without it large number of people screaming fora
very long time. Once you have signed a housing
contract and paid your bill, this unchrsity has a
habit of letting you rot.

Actually, the main purpose of this lctlt-r was to
make everyone aware of the robberies, Though wr-
fear it is not enough to lock doors, a Itickt-rl (llitll'
does serve as a great deterrent to a robbt-r. (iirls, it is
best to keep your pocketbooks in your bedrooms
overnight, The pattern seems to he that only
puss 'sions left out on the desks, such as money Ill

 

purses, watches, and rings, am being taken llopi-
ftilly, if people are aware of the roblicrii-s, as We
weren't, a thief will find nothing worth stealing and
will not risk entering bedrooms, It is vcry iit'ti-ii
harder to steal if people are iIWilt‘l' that robbr-rii-s
have been occurring. If somebody has found a way
to unlock doors, it might be wisc to put an ironing
board or some other object against thi- door, Wllll'll
will make a loud sound when falling. As for tho up
and coming vacation, we shudder to think of what
might happen if someone has a master key.

litibiii lluuli-r

Infirmary Bureaucracy

To the Editor:

llaving decided that a set of X-rays gaVi' alII-lllt‘ll'l”
cause for it Visit to an tirtliopcdisl, l wuntli-rt-il into
the inflrmury last Friday to obtain ii t'oP)‘ "f m“
radiologist's report, Tbt- nurse on dtity could not
release the report to me. I signctl it W «in form for
release to another doctor, htit l mysr-lf was not
permitted to act! the report, I was advised to comi-
back Monday and sec a doctor. Monday, I saw lllt'
doctor, and plans Wt‘t‘l.‘ worked out for tiniiisl'i-rrmi.‘
the single sheet. 6x8 iiicli report. ()I' (‘l)ll|‘.\t', li‘illtltl
not lll‘ entrusted with such a mission It was
eventually agreed upon, at my suggcstion, that a
photocopy be made. The cliiirgi- for this was tifl\
cunts. l mentioned it was a bit slccp and that i
could do it at. the Library for ltlll"ll’lllll llll' pru'tﬁ
bill the nurse said,“l5ut than you wouldn't liini- thi-
original". When I asked hcr to explain llllh. 5““
cltihtirtilcd,"lf you copy iit llll' library, you \roii’t
how the original." Such faultless logic vltiili-d ill“
and I had lllllt' clioici~ but. to pay,

The iiil‘iriniiry operates a tight ('Hliilllllllll\. “I'll
regulated. If patients lll'l' not allowed to \l‘t' llll'll
own medical reports or i-ntriistt-il to l‘-l||‘\ \llt'll .i
report ll) n less-exorbitant copii-r (\Vlii-ii- rim-s llII'
profit go in this carat-1‘), then they urr- .it the Iiii-H'V
of still another useless bureaucracy. Willt'li l'iilllllll
liaVe their iiiteresls in mind.

 

Mu'lincl l4I|t|HllJll

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Assembyman Solar: speaks:

 

Urges Reform of Sodomy Laws

by Andy Schirn

“I find it. hard to believe that. on a campus of
13,000 students that. there aren't more who are
interested in sodomy," said Assemblyman Steve
Solarz (Dem.-Brooklyn), referring to the small
turnout he received here Monday evening as he
lectured on “Sex and the Legislature."

Those present heard of the efforts that members
of the State Legislature are making to deal with
some of the sexually related problems now existing
in New York. These efforts take one of two very
different. directions. One is to liberate the sexual
codes of this state and to removo the prohibitions
against certain forms of sexual activity. The second
direction is to impose additional restrictions on
these activities.

Bills introduced this year by Solar]. and his
colleagues would ll repeal the penalties for sod-
omy in private between competent and consenting
adults, 2) prohibit discrimination against homoser
uals in employment, and 3) prohibit discrimination
against homosexuals in housing, 'l‘hcsc bills were
recently reported out of committee and should
shortly be voter] upon.

So far as the sodomy statute is concerned, Solarz
takes the position probably most “eloquently artic-
ulated" many centuries ago by St. Thomas Aquinas,
He said that there is art important distinction
between public law and private sin and that simply
because something is immoral doesn't necessarily
mean that it ought to bc illegal.

The Assemblyman also takes the position that the
restrictions against sodomy l)('iW0(!ll compclcnt and
consenting adults tend to create an environment in
which corruption can flourish. It is an open invita-
tion on the part of the police and other individuals
to engage in blackmail against those unfortunate
enough to be discovered taking part in such actions.

Furthermore, Solarz feels that at a time when
many people are afraid to walk the streets at night,
there are far better things for the police to do than
to go chasing after homosexuals. Police ought not
waste their timc over the so~callcd “victimless
crimes," bill rather deal with the kinds of crimes
with which most people are concerned.

The above positions were editorially endorsed by
the Nciu York Post and have also received the
support of a number of prominent private citizens.
Solarz believes that quite a few members of the
legislature at least privatt-ly support these metisurcs.
loo-However the legislature is an institution which is
Lerribly St silivu to public opinion. Solurz feels that
legislators are not going to movu forward in this area
if they fi-t-l that the people are likely to penalize
them as a rcsult.

Tho majority of pi-oplc Solarr. ri-pri-si-nts. as
indicated by their response to public opinion polls
he has distributed during thc last three years, are
overwhelmingly in favor of elimination of penalties

 

for homosexuality. Solarz stated that. this is an issue
on which the public is way ahead of the politicians.
“They are so convinced that theﬁpeopleare opposed
to this kind of proposal that they don’t. even bother
to ask them."

A bill to prohibit discrimination against homosex-
uals in employment was recently reported out of
committee, and will be coming up for a vote on the
floor before the end of the session. The bill to
prohibit such discrimination in housing has not. yet
been reported out of committee. However these
measures were overwhelmingly backed by those
who responded to the Solarz survey conducted in
his district. “Of course it may be that the reason
they're all in favor of repealing the penalties for
sodomy," Solarz quipped, “is that they are not sure
what sodomy is and are embarrassed to risk."

Legislation has also been introduced to totally
repcal the restriction on the stile of contraceptives
to anyone under the age of sixteen. The bill would
also repeal the restriction on either the advertise-
ment or display of contraceptives within or without.
a pharmacy.

To bolster the case for this legislation, Solurz
noted a statistical study recently completed which
indicated that there were over 13,000 girls under
the age of 17 in this state who became pregnant last
year, Another interesting statistic is that since l967,
in Now York City alone, the birth rate of girls
fourteen and under has gone up by 40%. Meanwhile,
the birth rate for the entire population of the city
has gone up by less than 1% over the last few years.

The bill also provides for the repeal on the
restriction on the advertisement and display of
contraceptives. According to Solrirz, “It is essential
to us to permit them to be advertised," if we are to
make a real commitment to family planning and
birth control. He went on. “At. it time when Vencreal
disease is on the rise, we areI not using the medium
mechanisms available to us to advertise the exist-
ence and availability of contraceptive devices."

Solarz spoke of a “striking incongruity" about a
society which permits achrtisemcnts for guns,
knives, liquor and cigarettes on one hand, while
prohibiting ads for devices which can prcVent or
enable people to avoid unwanted pregnancies on the
other.

Solarz next fielded questions from the audience. it
was brought out that the existing penalty for
conscntuous sodomy between adults is three
months While there are not many convictions for
this type of sodomy, just the existence of the
statute creates an unfortunate environment and
Crctilcs extra problems for homosexuals.

"Homosexuality isn't my cup of tca,‘ rcplicd
Solarz to one inquiry. “i wouldn‘t encourage
anyone to become a homosexual because llll‘
[)l'(ll)l(‘n‘lS they face in our society arc vcry substati-
l.ial. All things being equal, the person who is
straight. is far better off than if he is il homosexual."

.

legislation to legalize certain forms of sodomy.

  

3:13“. Gib Q0

 

 

«chow

 

isAREvEmo: _
SlNCEREST wniirs FOR
A HAPPY EASTER, A
Wells PASSOVER,AND

A itesrrut VACATlON
mi, £5.15 spa/gniiiipme

  
      

   

Incompletes

April 16, 1971 is the deadline for all
incomplete work for the Fall 1970
semester to be turned in to your
instructor.

    
   

  

 

 

Mohawk

The Mohawk Campus will be
losed Friday, Saturday and
unday, April 2, 3 and 4, W71.
is is due to staff time off for
he holiday break.

 
 
  

    
    
    

 

 

 

Aid Soviet Jewry

To the Univorsity l‘ommunity:

On April 22nd, the world will takt- ii moment of
its limo to commemorati- the deaths of six million
Jews, brutally murdered by tho Nazis and tlicii'
collaborators. in Albany, and other cities, periods of
silence will be proclaimed in thcir memory. Yet, it
few minutes out of each of our lives is; insufficient
to remember six million people. A few minutes will
not. suffice! Man‘s continued inhumanity to man
cannot be shufflth off into lllt' corner of otir
cunscicnccs by a fcw minutes of slll'lll‘l‘. Such
ltii'turtiiis nicmtirics cannot be relegated lo the past
while similar ch'iils occur today.

Allctttpts in cultural gcnocidc t'tinlinuc iii the
Soviet Union, .lcws art- living tlcprtvr-d til" llll'li‘ basic
human rights within the Sovict state. We cannot
afford to bc Slll'lll any longer!

A first is planned llllll schi-tltili-tl to benefit thi-
Jews within the Sovti-t l'niiiii It Will llt' held. the
dinner of April 21st, to coincide wttb ii twenty four
hour vigil taking plucc at the State ('iipilol stops
(attended by promincnt local, stutc, and national
let Blind. For the fast to lit- ll
nth-mic i-oiiimuu
, and to find that

figures) April
surruss, wc ncctl llit- llt‘lj) of tlic ac
ily: to help man the sign tip table.
t-Vcning.

Leonid lligcriniin.
will bi- spt-uking in the t .
7.1lll tonight. lit-ci-titly illlU\\’I‘tl to lt-avc llll' Suriot
Union after much harassment by llll' Soyu-t author
iln-s, he'll be provtiliiig it first hand lll'(‘|llllll of tho
life of llit' ji-w wtthtii llll' llSSlt lIi addition. Max
(in-on of Yl’Sl. (national iii-crcliii‘H illlll Iii-unis
l’rucgci' of Student Struggli- for Stirii-t .li-wry. will be
offering .in analysis and method of i-ffi-t'liii- print-st,

 
  

:i ri-t'i-nt i-Iiiigrc from the l'SSll
'.inipus t‘i-nti-r Iliillrooni iil

ri-spet'livcly.

The question remains: “IF i AM NOT FOR accompanied by Veiled threats of being htindled
MYSELF, WHO WlLL BE FOR ME‘.’ [if I AM FOR "administratively" for being actch in student

MYSELF ALONE‘ WHAT AM l‘.’ H“ N()'I' NOW,

Wl lEN‘.’ "

Barry Silwrbcrg
Student (kitilititiii for Soviet. Jewry

Unrest in Social Welfare

To thc Editor.

affairs.

The consequences of this situation have created an
atmosphere of distrust and mutual suspicion among
students and faculty of a profession dedicated to
licttor understanding among mankind.

S.C.R.E.W.E.D.
(Student Committee oit Representation of Enrollccs
iii Welfare Education “ltd DCVL’IOPHWM).

Biased ASP

Tho students from lllt‘ graduate school of Social
Welfare wish to express their rlissatisftu‘tioli with the
continuous frustrating blocks that are placed in the
wuy of t-duriilititi, For example, ii student can Iic
dismissctl from this school ul any tinic in llll'
st-incstcr on purely slibjcclivr- grounds. Also be can,
and in fact is dismissed at tlu- completion of his last
sciticstcr Wlllllllll sufficient warning. ()fli-n ii stu
ilcnt is dismissed lll'l‘tlllsl' ho is accused of being
“psyclioliigiciilly incompetent.” Although llll' fiiciil»
Iy fools compctcnt to diagnosi- students, lhcy rcl'usi-
\‘tllltlilllntl. ()ftcn basis for dismissing slurlcnts (cu~
plicinisticully (‘illlt‘ll “counseling out") include such
totally subjective piirtimctt-rs as “lack of ctiipiithy"
and “lack of self il\Vlll‘l‘llt'Si '.

Wt‘ as students, qui-slioii tho \‘tlllll'h of ii faculty
committed to ii “helping process" that offers
nothing more than empty tnoriil platitudes. This
becomes closer to reality \Vlll'il students are tli-Iiii-d
Iii-1p Wlll‘ll llii-y Iil't'll It llll‘ most.

lit-i'i-iitly, wr- i-ndcnvrircil in n lelll i-l'l'tirl [that is,
faculty and .stutlciilsi lo foriiiulntc a (ii-finile
policy of flcltl work l’thllltllllHl After lliri-c weeks
of “good wtll negotiations", tlic faculty arbitrarily
Illl])ll'llll‘illl'(l llll' "proposal on fii-ltl work I“tllllil
lion" although it lllltl lll‘t'll ri-ioctcd by the student
body This l'l'\‘|'llll'll the Hun nature of the “good
will" of Mir iii-gottntitig lt'illll .ippriiiili-il l)_\' l)t‘illl
('li.ii|i>.~. 'l' ()‘l‘t‘llly 'l'liis "goutl \ylll" has also lH‘l'll

 

'l'n lhc Ediltii':

l was til the abortion riilly you “rt-ported" in your
issui- of Marsh 251th. A wide spectrum of speakers
discussed various aspects of abortion and contra-
ceplitni laws. the status of women in NYS schools
colleges, and society, and goals of the women's lib
movement.

You failed to mention the significant proportion
of men (whose concern was applauded by one of
the speakers) and women over 30. at the rnlly. You
failed to report the considerable tiimI spent attack-
ing the contraceptive laws. with their ovorltionly
age-restriction. The demonstration which drew only
llitl from the Albuny urea, and the rest from NYC
and other parts of New York State, was not ii
women's lib meeting. as your headline stated. it was
a meeting to protest iill legislative restrictions on it
women‘s riglil to control of her own body.

Instead you spent half your column informing us
that l"lii used the words “motherfucker" exactly
(tilt‘l'. You did not mention her comments on
various abortion clinics now operating.

Your “ reporting" [was Stephanie even tlierc‘.’”)
was so totally biased i wonder you had the guts to
print it Maybe you‘re just not capable of writing
about anything except the ltllll'tht' movement.

Vicki l’ctix

 

 

 

 

l
t
4
r
4

 

