 

M, ——.. ..., _,—..._W

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

Toronto Glen- and Mill

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Case Against Nixon

by Bob Warner
Ari ASP Column

 

 

Ostensibly fair-minded people, when asked if they would vote for
Nixon in 1972, qualify their answers with conditions. Nixon will be
rated by these people on how he handles the war and the economy
from the present until the next presidential election.

I find this political logic faulty on three counts. Firstly, Nixon
should have completely ended the war two years ago, and could have
prevented widespread unemployment from hitting the country,
especially the cities. Secondly, Nixon should not be re-elected because
of his conservatism which pervades all of his decisions and policies.
Thirdly, it must be understood that the presidency is more than one
man, the presidency meaning the entire executive branch. Considering
that the President appoints thousands of people to fill federal jobs in
his branch as well as the judicial (Supreme Court Justices, federal
judgeships, federal district attorneys). Therefore, thousands of people
will take office on January 20, 1973 as well as the President, the chief
executive of the executive branch of our government.

The first argument is well deﬁned. To judge Nixon on his
performance over the next two years without sitting in judgment
upon his past tenure in office is not politically sound. He has been in
office 26 months—in that time the world has learned that Dick
Nixon's secret plan was in fact more hawkish than Johnson’s well
publicized plan. The war in Vietnam is now a war in Southeast Asia.
There has been no significant troop withdrawals. and bombings have
been markedly increased. Clearly, Nixon does not desire peace—not
even in the perverse idealistic way as Woodrow Wilson.

Nixon's second biggest or most. publicized failure is his economic
policy. With the shrewd guidance of Milton Friedman, Nixon's chief
economic advisor, the country has been plunged into a bonaﬁde
recession, with high unemployment and a depressed stock market. On
top of this, Nixon has let inflation climb. The Friedman economic
policy is the best of all possible worlds.

The second argument is not debatable in its context to Nixon. if one
is a conservative, one will and should vote for Nixon. To that voter’s
eye, the war isn't so bad, poverty doesn't exist, people on welfare are
lazy and shiftless, whites are the supreme race, unemployment is
necessary, and the earth has infinite natural resources for industry to
exploit. But for the voter who disagrees with that philosophy, the case
against Nixon is strong. it should be understood, though, that the war
and the economy are not the only issues that Nixon should be
defeated on. His Southern stand on racism, his big-business outlook,
his penchant for a huge military stockpile and a strong Pentagon, his
anti-student attitude, and his unflinching apathy to the plight of the
poor, are all good reasons to remove Nixon from office in 1972.

The third argument against Nixon is that when a new administration
takes office, the office of the President is not the only ofﬁce to be
filled. His appointed ofﬁcials formulate a good deal of the
government‘s policy. Therefore, it is imperative that good men
surround a President. In this case, the President and his appointees are
reﬂective of each other. The men who review federal statutes, and
those who enforce those statutes are at the President's obeyance,
however. Unfortunately, Nixon's philosophy is such that he picks
either reactionaries or incompetents such as Dean Birch (former
National Republican Chairman and current FCC Chairman). Clement
Haynsworth. Harold Carswell, Warren Burgher, John Mitchell, Melvin
Laird, and, of course, Spiro Agnew. You can always judge a man by
the friends he keeps.

I believe that there are alternatives to Nixon, but that isn’t the
purpose of this column. I have merely attempted to give, in brief, the
case against Nixon as I see it. Hopefully, the man who will take the
oath of office at noon on January 20, 1973 will be someone who we
can make a case for. '

 

 

 

 

Gall-I- 7"" 9"“.

(it

 

 

 

    

., iti‘r’ilrji’rztr'r’
‘ii‘it i. or. rat
1.

‘A MR. HOWARD HUGHES IS HERE TO SEE YOU IN AN ADVISORY CAPACITYI'

,\ r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

 

Albany Student Press

Vol. LVlIl No. 22

State University of New York at Albany

 

1 8 Yr. Old

Vote Optimistic

by John Beckler
Associated Press Writer

lloiisc lcardcrs switched plains late Thursday and
piit off until next Tuesday a vote on a proposed
constitutional riincnditicnl that would lowcr the
voting age irt all elections to 18.

’l‘hc amendment. which is cxpcctcd to pass ovcr-
wlicliitiitgly was scheduled to he brought tip as soon
as lhc llitttsc coittplcicd work on it bill for furtdirtg
of thc supersonic transport.

llowcvcr. lIS soon US the vote killing funds for tltc
liiigc aircraft was rrririouitccd. lhc Democratic lcrid-
crship carichch tltc rest of tire \vcck‘s Icgislrrlivc
program and ihc Ilousc bcguri its usual Thursday
wcckcrtd.

Tltc uncxpccicd development look by surprise
scvcrril stzrtc legislatures tltat had been standing by
iit hopes of being thc first state to ratify lltc
amendment.

Ratification by 38 states is rcqttircd to write the
proposal irtto tltc Constitution.

Undcr alaw passed last year by Congress. ri votirtg
age of IX has been set for federal clcctiotts , but
the Supreme Court rtilcd last December that provi-
sions of thc samc Iriw applying to state rriid local
elections \vcrc invalid.

Urilcss lhc proposed ririicndincrtt is t'rilificd. marry
slrrics facc lhc prospect of having lo sci up spccirrl
procedures for younger voters who would be eligible
only to vote in fcdcrril clcctiorts.

Only tltrcc statics hrivc zllI'CitLly r'cduccd thcir' voting
age to 18. (icorgiti. Kentucky and Alaska. Six othcrs
lowered the age litttilc to I‘) or 20.

 

  
   

limit noise pollution.

I

Friday. March I9, I97l

 

  

The House will vote Tuesday on a constitutional amendment that would lower the voting age in all

elections to [8. The amendment is expected to pass overwhelmingly.

|A|’ Wirephoto]

SST Would be Affected

Stein Proposes Bill
To Cut Noise Pollution

by Maida Oringier

"lirrvrrorinicrilril pollution must not be an issue of tile year; if it is we will riot be able to survive in the
rrcxt fcw dccudcx."Wi1h this rcinrirk. Assemblyman Artdrcw Stein bcgair his speech to a sparse audience in

l’ugc llzrll lust 'l'ucsdriy cvciting.

Sic-iii. ri lit-ycrrr old Manhattan l)critocrrit. introduced it bill in Albany that would close all New York
Static airports to any rrrrplrrnc with a sound lcvcl of above 108 "cpndb" or “effective perceived noise irt
dccibcls" this Would ruchrdc annoyance factors as well as basic volumc. The noise level which Stein's bill
would mrritdzitc is lher rccornntciidcd as saifc maximum by the federal government. The Concorde. tltc
Amcricrm Snpcrsomc 'l‘rrrnspori plaric. iltc Boeing 707. and the DC 8 would all be affected by the bill.
According to :i stritcmcni issucd, “thc only bigch that would inch Stein's standards would be lhejumbo
Boeing 747 with its four iioisc-s'ntothcririg engines."

It is scenes like this that Assemblyman Andrew Stein hopes to keep intact with his proposed bill to

---potiikowski

“If tltc proposcd 400 SST‘s are allowed to‘ﬂr," Stein said, “the
envrronntcnial effects would be disaslcrous." “Four hundred tons per
driy of extra water vapor will be deposited iii the atmosphere causing
till iricrcrrsc iii humidity. at dcclirte iii the ozone content, and [0,000
additional cases of skin cancer."

Wlicri asked riboiit rr possihlc risc irt unemployment due to the
passage of his bill, Stcin said “at some point we ntust rccyclc industry
to provide better transportation. bctlcr housing. and bcttcr schools.
Wc should pttt people to work on projects that would benefit thc
majority of the people not iltc wealthy minority."

Sicm helicch that ilic major opposition to his bill rests upon the
Al“l.-('l(). tltc Nixon adrriinistrrition and ihc Boeing Corporation
l’rcvtously. ltc accused Asscriibly Spcrikcr l’crry B. Durycrr. Jr. of
ordering icn Republicans to withdraw tltctr support front his hill.
[)uryca and tltc six Asscritblymcn dcriicd tltc chargc. Durycri said the
"melting away of support rriighl bc hccausc tltc bill would ban pr'cscitt
jets and bccrrusc thc rtrrittci w.rs :r question for fcdcrzil jurisdiction.“
'l‘hc six Republican legislators crillcd Stein‘s charges "an insuli to the
speaker and ii coiitcniptiltlc hlritriitt lic."

ercrr riskcd about the future of his bill. Siciit did not appear very
optimistic. “(‘lrrmccs tlic not so great bccimsc thcrc is great pressure
from thc \vcll-finurtccd hiboi orgririiuilions against it. Republicans
complctcly control what happens in iltc Assembly if the speaker is
against the bill. hc has enough power to kill it." Stein believes that the
issue is a political one. “No one is oppost to tire CllVil’Oltlliclilill issue.
but party loyalty is involved against SST. against adittinistration."

 

 

SST KILLED

WASHINGTON (AP) # The House voted today to cripple if not
kill U.S. supersonic transport SST development by halting federal
money for the plane as ofMarclt 30.

it voted thi to 2.04 to crtt all $290 ritillion President Nixon
asked this year for development of two SST prototypes. A second
and final vote on the same question taken by roll call. was 215 to
204.

 

 

