 

l
x
i

. _...,.. m, . ..

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15.1971'

“THE Y ONLY BOUND US. "

 

 

.../IiIi/i'iii. ('iiloi'mlo Hui/y. IWN. ('I’S

 

Proposed SA Constitution:
Executive Overlord

,«t It .rth'l’ ('u/imi/i
by lloh Warner

The newly proposed constitution of Student Association is. in
general. democratic certainly in comparison to the present

 

constitution. [is basic flaw. then. is not with the legislatiVe or

judicial branch. but with the executive, Under this constitution.
which will be Voted on this Thursday eVening by Central Council.
the President of Student Association is given too much power.

Under Section 3 (Executch Departments) of Article II. the
President has the right to recommend to Council his plan for the
reorganization bis branch. “'l‘hese plans shiill go iiilo effect only
upon the Consent of a majority of the (lentral (Youncil."(Editor's
italics). This is the only place in the entire constitution where a
majority of the Council needs to approve a presidential action.
except for a simple bill. of course.

This provision. in effect, makes it relatively easy for the
President to create. destroy. or alter the bureaucr. y of Student
Associaton. It would also miike it easy for him to appoint
whomever he wish 's to positions by merely creating new positions
as he sees fit. which is patronage. a most powerful weapon for any
incumbent. Neither does this provision say how positions are to
be filled. This would be the prerogative of the President and a
majority of the Council.

The second part of Section it states that: “The President shall
haVe the power to constitute the policies and the procedures of
the executive branch which may be rejected by a 12/3 vote of the
Central Council." lty this provtsinn. t‘oiiiicil must muster 'J/tt of
its members to reject instead of approve “the policies and
procadures of the executive branch." This is a hit of constitution
al gimmickry at the expense of tlenlral (‘ouncil (‘ouucil should he
wary of these two provisions. so that it doesn't sign away its
powurs. as the Congress of the United States has done in foreign
policy.

The proposed constitution. should ll pass (leutralCouncil. Will
be up for referendum early this spring It Will have to he approvr-d
by a 2/3 affirmativv vote with at least In"? of the student body
voting. If you belich that Student Association is of any
consequence whatsoever, it is suggested that you oblaiii a copy of
the proposed constitution and make your Views known

   

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 8

White Students:
Insensitive and Blind

A n ASP Column
by Margaret Griffith

Where is racism going? It’s quite obvious that
every white on campus gets uptight and goes
through a change when racism hits them dead in the
face. You seem to be oblivious that Black people
have become belligerent toward every white. and
you how the nerVe to question why Blacks demand
certain rights and why Blacks are so snotty. It's not
snottiness. it's hostility projected towards every-
thing symbolizing whiteness. ’1‘he pictorat image of
the word is far from the imagery we have so long
defined it to mean; chastity. honorable, purity. The
falsity of the word and the connotations perceived
by Blacks when confronted with whites stimulates
his feelings of frustrations causing him to rebel
against his stagnation. which the white uppressor
has long upheld.

Don't speak of liberal whites because if you have
been fed racist ideologies since the time you could
speak and differentiate colors and come to the
conclusion that white is superior. and have upheld
this theory for centuries. what makes you think that
I'm going to belich you're going to let me achievu
equal or more social status than you? YOI' manipu-
late and pull the strings in evr-ry socitrcconontlc
aspect. not only on SUN YA. but in every non-white
nation. You'Ve exploited all Black people and haVe
reaped the glory. Blacks could he millionaires if
they could come into the white community as you
do III the Black, and write a novel or deVelop a
sociological or psychological theory on the white
psyche. But you developed the thirteenth parallel in
which all Blacks were barred from crossing, What 1
mean by crossing. is given the opportunity to
achieVe upward mobility.

l)on‘t speak of l'l.().l’. students as having more
money than some whites. Why should you question
that fact when in essence you‘re cognizant that thc
statement is as lri\'tal and nonsensical as the person
who stated it. First of all. many of the students in
l‘1.().l’ are not on full scholarships. they too must

take out National Defense Loans to fulfill their
financial obligations. Their parents have certain
financial contributions they must meet. So you see
we're not here on a free for all ride as you would
like to believe.

Before the E.O.P. program came into exrstcnce.
evury white reaped the benefit of Black peoples tax
paying dollar. You were not barred from the State
Univursities. and all the so<ca|led inexpensive edu-
cational facilities were made known to you. Before
1968 there was no more than a handful of Blacks
attending S.U.N.Y. and now you‘re getting spas-
matic attacks because some Blacks are reaping some
of the benefits from the taxable dollar. You‘ve
castrated and cmasculated the people and now that ,
they are healing from the cuts and wounds from 
their mutilated minds and bodies. you have the
nche to want to rob them of their few requests. Are ‘
you some greedy child that must haVe an equal ' ;
share of everything? We'Vc been under servitude for 3'
four centuries and if we request you to serve us. it's : >
your obligation. Roles can be recipriu'atcd and l '
believe the problem is that. you can’t accept the
change.

As far as dressing. no one tells you to walk around
in your filthy dungarees seven days. Black people
haVe just been taught to be clean; it has become
quite obvious that the stigma of Blacks being
shiftless. lazy. and dirty has just been a means of
projecting your innate qualities. If you'd take off
your jeans and acquire some finesse. possibly you
can look as beautiful as my Brothers and Sisters.

 

'l'lie qticslion is not where is racism going it
should he phrased as why havr- l as a white been so
envious of Blacli'! Why am I out to destroy ihem‘.’
And why should 1 question his actions?

The answers aren't hard to find. sincc yoiI are
supposed to be psychologically and educationally
superior to lilacks figure it out. i

 

w .ia rt: "in. -i 4':
iv ' 'u'tt'di t‘\

          
 
   

 

'FLY, BABY, FlYl’

‘ :l I SSA
\~ - thitiiliflw‘

Is the proposed Student \ssociation constitution a sound. democratic document or is it a \\|iitc
elephaut'.’

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

SUPPORT Assembly llill No,
I293 so that New York State
residents will not have to fight
in an illegal war.

 

 

 

Notice

The Peace Corps will be on
campus Feb. l5-I7. Interviews
will he held in the Placement
Office in the Administration
ltldg. There will he an 11 forma-
tion table in the (.‘C Lobby. A
film will be shown Tuesday.
Feb. 16. at 7:30 PM in LC-2.

 

 

that Student [lance
Friday. Feb. 19,1971

ONLY “.50
BRUBACHER DINING ROOM
from 9 pm

Sponsored by the

Brubacher Association of
Graduate Students
all area graduate students invited

Band with free beer

I am

 

 

The Deadline for
Applications for Waivers of

The Student Activity Assessment
Is Wednesday, Feb., 24‘, 1971.

Applications are available

 

 

 

in CC 346.

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Wednesday. February t7. l97|

Housing Picture

Improves

by Joan L. Zuckerman

For the first time at Albany
State, the number of students in
the freshman class will not have to
be limited because of a lack of
housing space. According to a
letter from the Housing Office
that is being sent to the incoming
class of ‘75, “we are expecting to
open a new residence quadrangle
on our uptown campus and with
other vacancies, should not exper-
ience difficulty in accomodating
any undergraduate student desir-
ing to live on campus."

As of January 29. the Processing
Center had received 11.631 appli-
cations for admission in Septem-
ber 1971. According to Rodney
“art. the new Director of Admis-
sions. 2400 new students are ex-
pected to be admitted. 1200 will
be freshman, 300 will be EOP
students. and 900 will be trans-
fers. Since freshmen are no longer
required to live in University hou-
sing. not all of these students are
expected to apply for dormitory
rooms. With the 1100 new beds
that will be available with the
completion of Indian Quad. space
can be provided for 1600 new
on-eampus students.

Twenty—four hundred new stu-
dents will bring the Albany stu-
dent body to 111.000. The campus
was originally designed to accom-
modate 10.000 students. and the
question is not whether there will
be enough living space. but how
much further the faculty and aca-
demic facilities can be stretched.

Registration
Apathy?

BUFFALO AI’ Erie County
election officials said Tuesday
they're disappointed that so few
Hi to 20-year-olds lttl\'t' registered
to vote.

They said that of the 150.000 in
that age bracket in the county,
only 3.000 have registered so far.

Election Commissioners James
R. Lawley and Edward J. Ma-
boney said in a statement:

“Quite frankly. We in the Board
of Elections have been dis-
appointed iit the lack of interest
on the part of lit. I!) and
2tl~ycar olds" to register.

“Many reasons havv been sug-
gested l'oi this apathy." they said.
“but “'0 feel that for the most
part the young people are dis-
enchanted because of the fact that
the US. Supreme Court's decision
does not allow them to vote until
1072. Wltlt'lt Will he the first
federal election."

The Supreme (lourl approVed
the lower voting age for federal
elections. but left it to each state
to fix the minimum age limit for
state and local elections.

In New York. voters will be
asked this fall whether they want.
to approve a constitutional
amendment granting lb-ytiur‘oldu
the right to vote in state and local
elections.

State University at New York at Albany

 

Vol. [VII NoJO

Senate Awaits

 

---photo aerulce

lllttllllnhtlltlltﬂri

Budget Decision

by Peter .I. Coughlin

President Benezet reported to
the University Senate on Monday
that he is still “sweating it. out" as
he waits to hear of the legisla-
ture's decision on the budget.

Rodney Hart. Director of Ad-
missions, delivered a report on the
undergraduate admission situation
in which he pointed to an increase
in freshman applications for 1970.
He said that only a small number
of acceptance and rejection
notices have been sent out, and
that the rest will be sent after
they receive the complete results
of the Regents Scholarship Exam.

Reporting on the SUNY Senate
meeting in Buffalo. Joseph
Norton told of a proposal for
“roving students.“ Under this
program students would take
courses throughout the SUNY
system. Also discussed there was a
proposal concerning state wide
governance by students. faculty.
and administration.

An issue that provoked contro‘
versy centered around the rejec-
tion of transfer credit for ROTC
courses. Senator Kendall. ex
pressing particular concern. tried
to bring to the fore more com-
plete details and finally seconded
I motion to hold discussion on
the issue at the next Senate meet-
ing.

The Graduate Academic Council
reported that the recommended
Ph.D. programs in Library Science
and Anthropology have been
approved—effective June 15.
1971. It was also noted that pre-
law advisement is given on campus
by Robert Gibson, despite an
earlier statement that there was
no such service available.

Discussion was varied concern-
lng a proposed “Outstanding
Teacher's Award." The proposal
provided for a stipend of $2.000
each for the selected teachers The
Award was labeled as a necessary
incentive by one Senator. while
others questioned its claimed
effectiveness. Certain specific ob-
jections were raised including:
selection of committee members
who were nominated would be
entitled to choose their own suc-
cessor; the award could be given
to the same individual for two
consecutive years; and no specific
qualifications for nominees were
lllted. The bill was sent. back to
the committee to be rewritten.

The meeting ended with an
expression of sympathy con-
cerning the death of Robert
Fairbanks, a late member of the
Graduate School of Publlc Affairs

MBUNYAA. 

“Hmiiiiii-iiiiiitiiiiu'iiu‘.“Hutu... ..

“an

Jr»- A .— Ana“):

A. g- g

.TWKRAK...

 

 

 

 

