 

agavwwa

... . . moms”

 

ér
_('

    
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

PAGE 8

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MORGANIC

by Kenny Hear
Art ASP Column

Dear Lord, l’m tn the process of writing a book entitled Symbolic
Representation of Smut, and the plot appears to be thickening. Words
the consistency of molasses flow from the bowels of this pen.

1 had been walkin‘ that crooked road tltat runs along the ridge
between the twin valleys of degeneration and respectablitity. And
when it came to heading me off at the pass, it was discovered I hadn't
even gotten there, and wasn’t about to either.

shufﬂing down that road in the old days before the fight. knowing
damn well the nervous side of frustration, bein’ so sure that there
hasn‘t been an unlocked door in this world for plenty of time. And
yet there is nothing in life that holds half the tneasure of sweetness its
the clashing of wills and the struggle of spirits.

Dear Lord, I’m writitrg a book and the pages have grown larger with
each word. and slteer age krrifes its way through every line. it seems
like you play one note after the next and all of a strddeit there's a
song. it’s crazy ‘bout the way things fall and twist and turn. only the
reality changing. the stibstarrce of things being like glued to the inside
of skulls.

Hey Ma, let my soul rtrti free. i got this itchiir‘ to be kiiowin' if
there’s anything at all that can‘t be bcat...if there‘s anything at all tlial
can‘t be bent iitto accotirodatiitg positions.

If you look at the whole world as just a line. we are all in the
middle... relativoly speaking a sphere has no beginning and end.
Geornetrically speaking tigris. cripltratcs is the origin of the species.

1 could britig rttyself to be sick to death of do‘s and don‘ts. and
right's and wrong‘s aitd respectablitity. Sailation with conceptualiza-
tioir conres somewhere closely belrirttl finding ortt abotrt liinstein. l
ltave to believe it would have to be weird to see everything wearing its
rightful sign... .to be invisible behind my signs. La. la. la. hilala. la. La.
la. la. lalala. la.

The electrolysis of souls began awlrrlc back. and anyone crirt plainly
see that the energy level has risen cuoirriotisly. wlticlr means we all
rirtrst be getting smaller. and nutrition is must air illusion. If we are
going to trust the [BM we are going to have to remember we are only
as smart as we think we used to be.

Deep iir my heart l cart still feel the cheriiistiy ot lltosc warm days in
liebruary. and the smiles big as oceans that run by in cycles like in a
shooting gallery. remembering now quite well villages exploding on
the ground beneath inc. riry plane screaming out of range.

Tire mixture that come out the best somehow don‘t have recipes.
arid yet I atn envious of the beauty of order of perfection... But there
is nothing so perfect as an out of place warm day. or the sweet tlirrll
of krrowirtg there is nothing left to overcome. save the lingering belief
sary to be

 

that somewhere. soiiteliow. someone has felt it riec
absolutely sure.

Arbitrarily Number ll

0h nront. the times are \vearm‘ heavy on my soul, Faceless bodies
scurry allabotrt lIlC‘llly mind's about to break. I'm a tiriic bomb. but
my chick is running fast. in blow before i wrap riiy arms around just

any storiey pillar would be more than i could bear.

y brain; and when

Philosophy and sanity are dueling each other in m
t be known if the

my pieces are scattered on the wind. only then will i
philosopher or lunatic had the ripper hand.

Words don't pain such pictures as they used to .l‘m immersed in the
political. the fading foarir on the greasy dishwater. i know there is no
clean water left to make us pure. i know there is no politics to lift us
above the filth of our institutions.

i can trace the reasons for things all the way back to when l was first
told, but now they all dotible back on themselves and contradict.l
was supposed to be socialized. and I‘m ready to rip society up by the
roots. 1 am not alone, i was supposed to be trained to be one of the
leaders of tomorrow. artd i feel oppressed. l am not alone. No one
wants leaders, the world wants androids. but who‘s to guide the way
when all the old grey lteads bow for the last tirtte.

When ninety per cent of the scientists the world has ever know are
alive today. when technology reaps its own frtrits seconds after it
bears them. ltow iit God‘s name cart ottr institutions get away with
takitrg years. decades to ctire their own ills? Tire ability of men to
comprehend statistics and abstractions is incredible. btrt when it
cortrcs to focusing his eyes aitd cars on the problem, when it comes to
trusting his own intuition. my god men are helpless. Are we just bliird.
or stubborn. or so lacking in self confidence that we have to
measure our disquieting thoughts with the advice of experts arid
statistical coitcltrsions‘.’ Are we all functional Spiro Agircws'.’

is there one concrete reason why professors are hired or' fired in
proportion to the pages they've contributed to the professional
ionrnals oi' to the number of dusty pieces of parchment that line their
office walls‘.’ Doesn‘t everyone know that the real value of teachers is
IliL‘llSill’Ctl in their ability to relate material in a human way so that it
can be grasped with the best facility by the greatest number of
persons? Doesn‘t everyone know that the more tirirc a professor
spends in the sterile solitude in ltis lab or office. tltc less tirite he
dedicates to his students. A professor whose primary concern is not
his students is not a professor. btrt a tlicorist.a writer . a scientist. and
a dctcrrantto learning iii a university.

'lhc economics oftltls situation supplies the necessity for using
college campuses for rescarcli. but it does iiol necessitate that these
people clarrrt priority to reaclnrig poisitron. The loss ot'htrntan reason
in this situation is completely out ot' phase witlt the concept of the
university being at the forefront of intellectual growth. The extent to
\\'lttr.'li the universities have becorite slaves to their sclf-irirposed
regulations. makes a mockery of the idea that with enough
knowledge. titan cart free himself front his chains.

Motir. l artr living with your ideals. the ones that were kept as
memories after the demise of the liVe ceitt cigar. Ma. I‘m reading
about how actions speak louder than words. and watching people who
try to act reap the tears of frustration. while the publishers are

carrying off the spoils of victory. Ma. I'm trying hard to get tltertrles of

democracy to apply to the iristittrtiorrs that govern my life. and I‘ve
forrrid that if you‘re young. you don't have unalienable rights. you
don't even have the insight to distinguish wrong from iiglit . good from
bad. or hot fioiti cold. Ma. l‘vc been feeling and lrviitg the American
dreaiit with all my rirrght. and all that comes dowrt the road is idol of
slirt. Arid Ma. I am not alone.

 

“Mom. i run living with your iderils...‘

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1971

 

Approximately 2.500 men arid women marched on the
Fruits requests for liberalized laws on hmnosexutility.

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Day Care At SUNYA 
In Fiscal Danger

by Barbara Edelntan

Due to the proposed cuts in the budget for next
year. the Day Care Center may have to be closed.
According to Blaire Barret. the director of the Day
Care Center. the otrtlook is very grirtr.

A nrininttinr of $7300 is needed to keep tltc
Center running and Barrel does not feel that this
money will be forthcoming. Another reason for the
possible shutdown centers around ptrblic opinion.
Many people object to the Day Care Center as they
feel that it might be dctrirrrental for a child to be
separated frortt its mother for any length of time.
However. according to Barret. the environment of
the Day Care Center allows children a large arirotirit
of freedom to develop. She feels that the Day (‘are
('enter has so far been a success; botli the children
and the parents seem to like it. Many parents have
cortte in to express their satisfaction with the
program.

The Day Care (‘ertter. located iii the first ﬂoor of
l’ierce Hall. is only for the children of SUNYA
students. Dtte to limited facilities and htidget
demands. the (‘cntcr cartrrot accortirttodate all the
parents who apply. it can orin help the people with
the most critical of financial needs.

The Center can only accommodate 45 children at
one time, However. since not all the children are
there for the entire day. it cart acttially serve around
70 children. it is the only Day (‘are (‘entcr iir fotir
counties that accepts children under 3 years of age.
According to Barret. ritost of these mothers would
not be able to go to school if Day Care Center
services were not available. Meir whose wives are
supporting tlrenr tliroriglr school will also be af-
fected if the Center closes.

Barret concluded her remarks by stating. “There
ltas been a great deal of talk about nreetiirg people's
needs but whenever the budget ltas to be cut.
people‘s programs go first."

 Albany Student Press

Vol. lVll No. II State University of New York at Albany

 

  

 

Wednesday. March l7. l97l

Budget problems effect even those who cannot yet add. Albany's Day Care Center faces the

gloomy fact that it may not have furtds to operate next year.

---solomori

Gay Lib Marches

For Civil Rights

‘App‘roximritcly 2.500 persons demonstrated Sunday at the Capitol irt support of the Gay Liberation
from s demands for liberalized laws on horttosextiality.
Dignity Not Bondage“ was among the itrarty battrter slogans spotted by the crowd that numbered about

118 miliiy Women 115 men.

I  lferttale speaker drew approving laughter front the audience when she declared: “We‘re here to tell the
cngs attire what we all know. The gay life is it good life and a healthy life. Arid it's a wltole lot of fun too."
re demonstration was for the most part orderly although some eggs and snowballs were tltrown by

hecklers. No one was hurt.

 

---bertiaiiiiri

 

Capitol police were present. and the building which is usually
open to visitors on Sundays was closed as a precautionary measure.
The legislature was iii recess. having broken off meetings last
Wednesday.

Many of the demonstrators arrived in chartered btrses frortt New
York City. Some attended air ecumenical prayer service for the
success of their effort before gathering in froirt of the Capitol.

S.A. Constitution

It May Have Passed

by Jeffrey P. Bernstein

The proposed Strident Association Constitution defeated irt last
week's referendum rniiy not, in firet, haVe been defeated.

Although the number of those favoring adoption of the new
constitution to those opposed was overwhelmingty greater than the 60%
required for approval. the referendum. it was thought at first. did not
attract the 20% of the voting student populace. necessary to validate
the election. The first count indicated that 1.562 people bird voted.
which is 17 short.

However, it second count now records 1,604 votes crust with L240
pros. This would decisiwa validate iii‘: referendum and approve the
proposed constitution. Another recount will soon be made.

But several complications have arisen.

Central Council. in titi emergency meeting but night, rich iii an
rrdvhrory capacity to examine voter eligibility and violations in last
week's referendum.

continued on pay 2

  

