 

 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24. 1971 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

AAA. AA A.

 

l, ' {Ffo o
it giro ntn

The new “Graffiti” page is a service of the ASP. All notices
about Speakers on campus, club meetings, arts happenings,
athletic events or just plain etc. are welcome. They rhould be in
at leatt two day: 'prior to publication. Unfortunately they are
nubjeet to editing because of space.

Any quertiona should lie referred to Sue Seligaon, Technical
AEiitar.

 

 

 

AAAA AAA.

 

 

WITH AX SHULMAN
dip in.- author ennui. lawn: a. Flap, [low . . . rumor"... .m— .

Don’t let success get you down

Once there was an upwardly mobile man whom i will (‘tlll Case-
ment R. Glebe (not. his real name). l'lven as an tiinlergraduale Mr.
Glehe didn't fumble and dither and grope for the meaning of life like
some lazy long-haired slabs I eoald name. He knew exaetly what. life
was about. Life was working hard so you t'tillltl ge: good grades and
graduate with honors and liiid a swell job and get married aiitl move
to Westport and have three children like every other deeent American.

And that's precisely what Mr. (ilebo did. He graduated magna,
got a swell job in the advertising game, married a girl, whom I will
call Mavis Davis (her real name), who was not only serviee-orionted
and achievement-prone litit also had a real Illt'l‘ build, and they bought
a lovely home in \\'estport with t-leetrie baseboard heating aml within
three years they had three tine sturdy little boys — biopsy, Mopsy and
Seymour.

To his sons, Mr. Globe was a loving bttt stern father. He raised
them to believe in his own guiding valties ~ambilion, self—denial and
hard work-wind the boys responded brilliantly, I’lopsy, the oldest,
finished high school as valetlietorian and was aeeepted by Harvard.
Mr. Glebe was, of eourse, very proud and happy. The following year
Mopsy was also \‘tll('tlll'll)l'l1|ll and was also aeeepted by Harvard.
Again Mr. Glebe was proud btit, to be perfectly honest, iiol quite so

       

"  | .-
2 -, . ..l.-.VH_,’.,¢ -«l .. 1A-.. 2
Then a horrible thought strut-Ir Mr. (iii-be, "(loiul grit-f!" he tried
one night to his wife Mavis [her real ltitllll‘l. "Next year Seymour gets
otit of high school. if he makes Harvard too, I am rained!"

He ran iit once to Seyuiour's room and found the industrious lad
doing his homework in modern Sanskrit, urban entropy, t'llllllt' illKl“
bra and societal dysfunction. "Soil, have you met‘ thought of llt‘t‘tllll-
log a moral degeiierale'.’ ' l .\lr. (lli-lu- to Seyiitotir. "\\ ouldii't you
like to drop out, maybe have an identity crisis, wear bends, got busted
in Amsterdam, stall like tbat',’H

 

one day his miiul finally buckled and he made a disastrous error, One
of his accounts at the advertising agency was Dullbran lit-er whit-b,
frankly, was just an ordinary, ran-of—tbe-mill kind of beer. Still, Mr.
Glebe had managed to think up this real eateby advertising slogan:

Drin/r Dir/[limit . . . it's bet/er t/ton not/lint]
Well air, sales were not entirely what the Dallbraa people had
been hoping for, so they insisted on a new slogan, :\l|tl Mr. (ill-be, the
poor devil. his mind unbinged by tist-al problems, made the above-
mentioned disastrous error. Here was his new slogan:

Drt'nlr Dill/bran . . . it's better than .‘llillrr Ila/II Life
Well air, I guess 1 don't have to tell you what happened! Every-
body in the country just stamped and booted and laughed till they"
wept. “Dullbraa better than Miller High Life, the Champagne of
Beers?" they cried, stamping and booting atid laughing till they wept.
"How drolll Why, no beer is better than Miller! in filt'l. no beer is re-
motely a» good on Miller!"

'l‘hen everybody llnished stamping tiiul liooting and laughing till
they wept anti went back to drinking Miller lligb Life and enjoying
every distinctively delicious drop. Dallbraa, of course, went out of

’0' all It

We, the lantern of Miller High Life and the sponsors of this column,
(11hr oar hear/fell sympathy to (lielurlrleuu (lichen. dial to the rest of you,
me am; Miller High Jr'fc', “it ('linriilitibri'd of Ber-rs, in roan, battles and
kc a delicious all we a.

  

    

 

 f U v's'nibnu'r‘mas's ‘ ‘

W
meetings

There .will be a meeting of Pi Omega Pi, Beta Eta
Chapter, on Thursday, February 25 at 3:30 p.m. in the
BA Faculty Lounge.

;l’rofeasor Barry Smith of Smith College will speak for
the Zetetics (undergraduate philosophy club) Thursday,
February 25 at 8:00 pm. in Ha 354 on Civil
Disobedience and Obligation to Obey the Law. " All are
invited.

Ukranian Student Organization meeting this Thurs.
Feb. 25 at 7:30 in the RPI Student Union. if you're
interested or want further information, call Martha at
237-7722 or Kathy at 457-8979.

Scuba Club will meet tonight at 8:00 in LC 12. A film
will be shown and plans for the Florida dive will be
discussed. All members and interested persons are
welcome.

Medical Technology meeting on Wednesday, Feb. 24,
I‘lurnanities l37, at 8 p.m. Speaker will he MLTunni.
cliffe, Pathology Dept. of Albany Medical Center.
liveryonc welcome. Refreshments will be schcd.

W

the arts

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY'M, 1971

A AAA

speakers

Pi Mu Epsilon, in conjunction with the
Math Club, is sponsoring a talk by Dr.
Muchcnhaupt, entitiled Peg Puzzles it will be
held Thursday, Feb. 25 at 7:30 pm. in ES
143. Everyone is 'invited. Refreshments
will be served.Plans fora winter weekend,
(tobogganlng and beer party) at Mohawk
Campus will be annouaced.

On Thursday, Feb. 25, at 8:00 Michael
Harrington, Chariman of the Socialist Party,
U.S.A. and author of The Other America.
will speak in LC l8. His topic will be "Why
we Need Socialism in America. " All are
urged not to miss this rare opportunity.

Find out what‘s really happening to the
Jews in Russia. Gedaliab (real name cannot
be used) has been to Russia eight times,
working for the Jewish Underground. Hear
him speak on Wednesday, 7:30 pm. in LC 1.

Mr. Thomas Boyatt the Assistant Secretary
for Middle East, in the State Department
will be speaking on the topic of US. Foreign
Policy in Middle East on Wednesday, Feb.
24, at 3 pm. in Campus Center Assembly
Hall. This speech is being sponsored by
international Student‘s Association.

WWW

Union College announces its New PerforIm-rs Weekend

-Two (‘onccrts for the Price of One. Friday, Feb,

261 etC-g 

Manhattan Transfer, at 8:30 in Memorial Chapel. Satur-

day, Feb. 27; Freeway. at 0:00 in Memorial Chapel. A
single 3|,00 tickcl may be used for entrance to both

concerts. ('all Into-8080 for further information.

Coffee House Circuit presents ('hrir & Brian Thurs.
licb, 25. ti-l | '30 pin. and Sat. Feb. 27. 0-1230 p.ni, in

the t‘(' ('alctcua. sponsored by (‘(‘(;B. Free Coffee.

Attention: 'l'clctboii is now '
the Ballroom .Scc you there!

Draft Counseling

Mon. 10-12((20fsonly); 1-3
Tues. ll-l 2(('.O.‘s only); I-3

 

BUCKMINSTER FULLER

only new york appearance

Mar. 5— Planetary Planning
Mar. 12 -— New Educational Strategy

The TOWN HALL

One Evening $4.50 / The Series $12.00
Students $3.00 / The Series $7 50
Single Tickets —— Town Hall. 123 W. 43 81.

Single 8. Series Tickets by mail:
New York Studio School

8 W. B St., N.Y.C. 10011 Phone 673-6466

Love is the Only Way! Besides,
you gct free coffee! Support
’l'clctlton ‘7l. Buttons $50 on
sale in (‘t' Lobby 10-3 pm, Daily.

language Enjoy your culture,
Join the Modem Greek Studies
Association Contact John
Nicolopoulos, Social Science 370.
4518648 or 471-0734,

Kosher for Passover Food this
is the last week to sign tip. There
will be a table in the Campus
Center until Friday. FOR MORE
lNFORMATION call Sum Bogcn

 

 

sponsor a bus trip to Boston on

 

We Make Possible

 

 

Saturday, March 20. Round-trip
fare is $2.25 with Colonial tax.
$6.25 with student tax, and
$10.00 for non~stadcnts. Tickets
wrll go on sale March [-3 in the
CC lobby.

 

Smokey’s friends
don’t play with matches.

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rDr. Hood:

Advice, But No Pill--

by Liz Klvana
A n A SP Feature

A “Conception Control Program" is under consideration by the ad-
miniatrationand Dr. Janet Hood, director of the infirmary. Organizations such as
PYE and Women's Lib, as well as groups of individual students feel that a birth
control Service should be available on campus. As an appropriate concern of
student health, an on-going program will be organized with an emphasis on
education and consultation. There is debate. however, about whether a
contraceptive distribution service should be established at the infirmary.

Dr. Janet Hood, a strong advocate of the principle of birth control, has been
actively inVOIVed with Planned Parenthood since 1941 and pushed for abortion
reform. However, in an interview, she expressed hesitancy about the distribu-
tion of the pill on campus. She believes that since SUNYA is not an isolated
campus, it is easy enough for students to obtain desired means of birth control.
The infirmary refers students to Planned Parenthood, Albany Medical Center,
and to off—campus doctors. it attempts to provide as much information and
consultation as possible. Dr. Hood feels that the advantages of convenience do
not outweigh the problems of organizing an tin-campus service.

If the service were to be set up at the infirmary.the average girl would have to
pay a much larger fee than if she Went to an already established organization.
Planned Parenthood, for example, is supported by charitable contributions;
doctors donate their time, so costs are minimal. The expense and difficulty of
hiring a team of doctors, nurses, and clerks and purchasing equipment for the
infirmary w0uld be burdensome. Students, who pay no health fee now, would

' u h of the cost.
engrllpriggdldsiild‘rizgw cbelieves that this is the Wrong time to push for the
distribution of contraceptives on campus. In a few months the New York State

 

Dr. Janet Hood, Director of lnfirmary.

"~iliU(’l‘St)ll

There is a possible alternative. Both Planned Parenthood and Albany Med

Offered to come uptown with doctors, nurses, and equipment a few nights a
Week to handle student appointments. Because of the time-savmg clement 
cOnVcnience, it. would be advantageous to have a knowledgable , recogan
organization provide the service on campus.

The President of the University said “no I '
hooncr, because of a legal problem. A commercial organization can opeait'e on
state property only throttgl. contractual agreement. Planned Partan'tbtrrgl‘is 1::
incorporated organization and although it does not make a pro it} ((hlliI‘r
charged. Dean Cbesin, in explaining the legal problem involved, (,lLLt nno ll.

reason the Planned Parenthood offer was turned down. it was felt that bringing
family plniuiing would not best

" to this proposal earlier in the year

some type of program will soon be under way.

 

' ' . , ) i I
Conception. Illiit'mit'eptiou um! (lurimeepllon~labainiuion. llinintd
Mov ic, questions and answers. Thursday iiiglil, l‘c

Hall.

Parenthood
brainy 25. 7:00 in the CC Assertiny

 

[AP Wirephotol

Youth for Muskie

by Ann Blackmail
Associated Press Writer

WASHINGTON AP — Muskiol'or-
President staffers are launching a national
campaign to tap the energies and votes of
the country's 11 million newly cnfran~
chised 18-21 year ()Ids.

"We're forming a Youth Coalition for
Muskie,“ said Lanny .1. D Davis, 25-year
old youth coordinator for the Maine sena-
tor, now No, l in the race for next year's
Democratic presidential nomination.

want to recruit young blue collar workers
from the factories, construction trade and
service industries, as Well as young pro-
fessionuls.

Davis plans to speak at vocational
schools, factories, junior Kiwanis and Ro-

workers.

“We‘ve divided the Country into seven
regions and we plan to form a youth
coalition in every state," he said.

When most people think of youth, they
think of college students, said Davis, “but
there are six million young people out
there who hold down full-time jobs and
who have been overlooked. if giVen a
chance, I think they'd work for a Ctlndl'

n

‘ dunte, regards a youth coalition as one

way to narrow cultural differences bev
tween young white and blue collar wor-
kers. And he sees Edmund Sixtus Muskie
as the bridge.

“1 sense something new is happening in
the country politically," he said. "The old
geographic, economic and ethnic group-
ings don‘t. mean much anymore. The
young people I see are wary of party
politics, but they're willing to work for
someone whom they feel they can trust."

Davis contends most students don't
think President Nixon will end the war
and are looking for another man to sup‘
port. “They won't work for someone who
merely talks of‘tlie necessity of negotia-

. , , . 1 , . .- . .. i .. i , - ch. l-3 “We want to go beyond the large, . ' r '
imliih‘i‘etfh)i|iililiilrllfi llllllliit ‘l‘l‘l‘t’ Hill—Bid”: illidil‘l'diril ‘ll thTiimiln‘lill‘fir‘filiihli Tlllll‘S l-l well-knuth universities and into the high ting a just PW“:e “mm: the” “lands conth-
§.' . i ‘ 'i " ' U. U l‘ ' i i " t ' '~ >v . - “ ' 1 . ‘ ' H
"1.", k i i 1 ' L (“lllc‘l‘ P'CW‘H‘ 1‘ mm. “’1' E‘IWI’W" 0} murder- “'1 For iiil‘orinalioii call lra ‘Il schools, small colleges and vocational no to die over there," he said. They don'-

. . » . v i _ _ . .,

wall “'11- 34 3” H P~m~ "1 U 3> 457.5006 schools," Davis said in an lnLCI'VIL‘W. “We want rhetoric. They want out.

Food Co-op

Hurry” Senate will consider a bill for lowering the legal age to 18. As the law stands any clubs and college campuﬁcs_ His Stuff An independentlyan Food Cooperative

. . no“: pnrenml consent, would be required by the infirmary for persons under 2| of 15 full—time volunteers, all veterans of has opened in downtown Albany. Located

“"99 Fflday Evenings , . who, desired the pill She believes that should much attention be drawn to a the peace moveman plum to go in“, we}, at 111 Dave Street, It IS a storefront whey-e
Feb  _ Man's Function in Universe Lilian: (irccks (and controversy about a contraceptive service on campus now, the right to lower the sum, “nd 50, up tables in big city Office one may {in out an order form for {was

I Phllhcncnc“! Lcum you} legal lit-{0 may be “NM-‘19“ uthtt Willi any long-term plans fOI‘ the WWW“ buildings to recruit secretaries and clerical and Vegetables, eggs, i‘nd brown "ce'

These are sold at wholesale price, plus
twenty percent markup to cover the oper-
ating costs of the Co-op. There will be one
specified day each week for picking up
orders.

The idea of organizing a food co-op as a
service to students and the community
had been under consideration for several
months. Its aim is to provide the consumer
with produce at. a reasonable cost. The
volunteers involved hope to eventually
expand the Co-op to include refrigeration

....,, . . ..  ., r _ _ Sonsoredb theNewYokS ‘ - .' t . . u ' ' ~' x lL-.

lhat s I‘lt'lt, Dad, said he) moor, t'llllt'lillllﬂ. and went on to we)", we supgor‘ “the Nerw Ymﬁlg‘iig'm' 4574990, "I UUlthdL PLOP“ who“ mmn‘lumt‘mn “million “nwpww discussions with (u L facilities. which would enable them to sell

grudyimo “avariihiihir?”lzillddlni'm. H” [In Ilillviir‘ll ' I ‘ come" on the Ans meet the needs 0f “ young Llullvii‘l 'pvtpbci-n resumed and‘ there is hope that Davis, former chairman of the Yale Daily dairy product“ as we“ as produce, Orders
nor 1 r. l t n .. ot Istraagit was a “H i imam ld worries that Colonial Quad Board will Albany Mod and Plﬂnned P““‘"l m” m ‘ News “my a 1970 Yale Law School gra- muy be plnced Thursday and Friday from

11-8 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday from
1-6 p.m. The Coup prefers that orders be
made in large quantities, so order in
groups.

A:
3.6)
,3“
‘H
L"

 

 

 

contact as. You can earn $50 or

 

MAKE
A BUNDLE

YOUR BAG

If work doesn't turn you off,

more in a few hours working
part time, day or night doing
on campus selling (lids and

9—4:30

TODAY 'N TOMORROW, LTD.
05 Engineers Drive
Hicksvllta New York 11801

Textbook area
FOR open for browsing

Wed. Feb. l7th thru Feb. 26th

Textbooks sold thru main store

0"
vw'?

snuggle up

98 Central Avenue

 

 

 

BARE SKIN
FURS

Prices Reduced
for Clearance!
gloves - sheepskins
coats - hats - rugs

business. Mr. Globe. of coarse, got tired. His sons, of t-oarse, bad to guys sell our decorative fashion ; with ts .u

qultac ool. ... . -,. , s . _ ‘ ves - pl 0W!

'l‘otltty, alas, the once prosperous (Hebe famin is destitute and duck“)an m Olhu'ﬁms- ‘md ll DOORS fI‘O m U] 1 8 area (118001111 ted BdfC Skln

living in ii macrobiotic commune in the former Dallbraa brewery. the guys' n ‘ Super Sm” "why In A Furs

ecpt for Seymour. Though out of college, Seymour renniined in Cnm- Paddle ' illld “Cally Pr‘mmhlc 1‘) 5% from “St price FEBRUARY Why wear fake fur —» when you

bridge and now works at a three-minute girl \viuib on Harvard Square. YOU. 1
Write or cull FUR SALE can wear real fur for less.

436-7982 Albany

 

 

 

 

 

 

l516) 322-1400

 

 

