 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT 'P‘Rsss

Conclusions and Recommendations

Hobart College and ‘Tommy the

 

 

report.

INTRODUCTION

The following are excerpts of tlie Scranton Commission Report
on Campus Unrest, concerning the investigation of Hobart College
and incidents related to an untrained undercover agent. Tlionmr
Tongyai', Below are the emielroirms and rat-omnrenrlationa of
Joseph Rhodes. Jr., a member of tire eonrmi. ion.

The ASP thanks Curtis West. editor o] The Herald, llnbtlrl
College, Geneva. N. Y. for his old in obtaining this copy of the

 

 

Part III

CONCLUSIONS

On tlte basis of interviews witlt llobart (‘ollcgc
officials. students. townspeople. ()ntario ('ourity
law enforcement officials and Thomas Tongytri it is
obvimts that there does exist a tangled relationship
between all tlrese parties. llobari is rto exception in
the seitse tltat “town-gown" relations are often
abrasive. iit spite of tltc cultural. educational and
economic advantages it provides tlte corttrmrrrity.
However. the extraordinary behavior of Thomas
Tongyai has caused a fragmenting of major propor-
tions in the relationships between all sectors of the
Geneva and Ontario (‘outtty populace.

Tongyai. a man who repeatedly advocated the
violent overthrow of the Utiited States government.
who on countless oecasiorts prortrotcd the destruc-
tion of government agencies arid the ttrurdcr of law
enforcement officers. turirs out to be employed by
the Ontario (‘ounty Sheriff‘s dcpartrncrtt. l’olice.
who at first denied this Information. now decrir it
inconsequential aitd focus only on Tongyai‘s role in
detecting drug abuse. Sheriff Morrow arid (icrtcva
Police Chief McLaughlin resent the resistance they
encountered irt arresting students on June 5. Stir-
dents pttt little emphasis on this aitd irtsist that the
issue is Toiigyai's perforntancc of his job lit a
manner contrary to the proper conduct of a law
officer. Sheriff Morrow has admitted that Tongyai
was on the payroll sirtcc mid-March. during which
time Tongyai may have aided and abetted the
criminal act or the ROTC t'ir'ebottibing on May I.

It was brought to my attention that on at least
one occasion Tongyai participated in the rise of
marijuana. It seems quite impossible for tltc sheriff‘s
department to support his actions as legitimate
activities for art undercover agent. when lie ltiittself
used marijuana, bringing irtto question his personal
motives arid the whole constitutional question of
entrapment.

The information leading to the arrests for the May
l ROTC firebombing cattte irt less than 3 hours after
the incident. it Would scent that the police had the
exact names and room numbers of the students
supplied to them. ('onccrnmg tltis incident there is
no excuse for those students. who disassociatcd
themselves from the boirtbiirg plot. for itot going to
the proper authorities arid infoiriiitrg tltcrii of
Tongyai‘s arid the other llobart students" plans. 'l‘hc
ROTC office is situated Ill tltc bascrttcnt ot .r
student dormitory aitd tltc possible loss ot lrtc to
students livirtg tltcrc is a factor of sticlr gravin that
it could riot have been ignored Those students. who
were not forthcoming with this information acted in
a totally irresponsible. inexcusablc manner.

The national publicity about the night of June 5
portrayed the Geneva l’olice department and the
Ontario County Sheriff‘s department as a group of
incorrtpetents. Some Geneva Gill/.005 called for the
closing of Hobart. Other coitimunity members
sought a state investigation Congressman lirank
llorton of the 36th District released a grossly
inaccurate statement condemning the students. On
June I l. seemingly in response to growing commu-

nity outrage. tlrc (lcncva police ttiadc six arrests of
students and one faculty member present at the
Jurte 5 disorder. It appears that tltcsc arrests were
made not only to appease a comntunity crushed by
bad itatiorral ptrblicity and widespread unfavorable
opirtioit. but also to complicate and abort arty
prosecution of Thomas ’I‘ongyai. Dean of Hobart
('ollcgc John McKcart was called to the Geneva
police station the itigltt before the arre. s to go over
a list of names for purposes of identification. Each
person on the list was subsequently arrested. except
for the person. who the Dean informed the police.
did not exist.

In regard to complicating the prosecution of
Tongyai it is iitterestirrg to note that all seven people
arrested are capable of providing ittuterial testimony
against 'l‘ongyai as they all ltad been associated with
ltirrr for some tirrie iit one way or another. However.
that tltcy late nowl urtdcr irtdictrnent presents
certain legal questions of self-incrimination. should
tltcy testify against ltirtt. For this reasort on July 2‘).
Raphael Martinc/ did itot take the stand against
'l‘ongyai during Tortgyai's ltarassrrreirt trial. Judge
Anthony ('ailo. of (leucva acquitted Tongyai on the
grounds that. because Raphael did rtoi testify.
Tongyai's “intent was unclear." liven though two
eye-witnesses testified that 'Tottgyai threatened Mar-
tirrc/fs life and actually struck him.

It seems most likely that 'l‘ongyai was involved itt
selecting who the police arrested itt connection With
the Jttttc 5 incident. since on several occasions.
Morrow aird other policc officers iigrced. because of
the darkness. it was extremely difficult to identify
individuals who were present the night of June 5.

RECOMMENDATIONS

Sher Ill Morrow ltas repeatedly irtaiiitattrcd
'l‘ongyai came "highly rcconurrcndcd" to ltirrr for his
undercoch position, The sheriff should be sub
pocnacd to clarif) c\actly what 'l‘orrgyar‘s back»
ground .itrd credentials were to scrvc lll such a
L';tptt\‘ll)

The person in the Syracuse ol'ticc ol J.A. Webster
|)rug (o who refused to comment on 'l‘ongyiu‘s
employment and crrtployittcrrt application rctcr-
cttccs. bccausc sonic "high New York State official"
told him trot to. should be subpoenaed to ascertain
the identity of that official and any information he
rttay have in relation to 'l‘ongyai.

'I'oitgyai's Yiitcs County. New York. pistol pctitrit
slrottld be subpoenaed. along wrtlt arty explosives
permit on record to dctcrrrrirte 'l‘oirgyrit‘s length and
type of relationship to weapons and destructive
materials.

Sheriff Morrow. (‘lrief McLaughlin. Detective Wil-
liaiit Simon. Detective James Knight. Officer James
McGilvceit arid 'l'hontas Tongyai should be sub-
poertacd to assess whether arty type of conspiracy
existed among them cottceritirig the arrests of Jutte
ll.

you AGAIN!

Traveler’

coor IT. MAN, I CAME To
APOLoGrZE two NEGOTIATE
PEACE, MAN.

 

rave CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Vol.l.Vlll No.l3
Nixon Requests

Student Aid

I NEEDED MONEY, MAN!
I SOLD MY SOUL FOR THE
PIGS WLE DRUG,BUT

by CC. Thelen Jr.
Associated Press Writer
Washington (AP) - President Nixon renewed his
request Monday for a revamping and $644-million

Nop/ I SEE THE ERROR
Y AY

JOINTS A5 ll

PEACE OFFERING.

 

 

graphic by [on gullnirm

Geneva Police departntcnt arid llohart (‘ollcgc
should establish a permartertt liasort panel consisting
of policemen. college administrators. students and
cornrrturtity members to discuss the whole spectrum
to ‘rown-gown" relations aitd relate their discus-
sioits back to their constituency.

SUMMARY

Tltc events at llobait require a rttuclt more
intensive investigation. which tltc current extraor-
dirtary term of the New York State Supreme (‘ouit
will hopefully provide. But it is still itot too early to
cortcludc that a great deal of tire problem was
created by tltc selection of the wrong individual to
“plant” as art undercover narcotics agent. It rtnist be
citrphasilcd that students. college pcrsoitrtcl and law
enforcement officials all cannot recall a Single
iIIXltlIlCL‘ of obstruction In any otltci arrest on the
Hobart campus, Unfortunately. this mistake III the
selection of an agent lurs cattst ittct' cd tension
within the connnurtity arid a mass of pcrtding
criminal court cases against students arid connth
suits against police.

As Mr, Byrnc suggested irt his memorandum of
July 33. Hobart is a distinctive casc wltcrc specificd
conclusions about tltc events transpired arc rroi
parallel to those of Kent. lsra Vista. Jackson and
l.a\\rcncc. ()n the other hand tltc general
conclusions .rrc icrniirkahl) the satire.

(icncva is caught in the saint- corttltct that :ill of
t\lth|lc‘;ltt \ttL‘IL‘l) livcs \Hllt. t'ortnnuttrcation bc-
twccn all sectors ot the c‘ttttltltllltll) l\ inrrnrnal.
unfounded piciudrccs arc ltatliorctl b_\ all parties
.ritd very little attempt is made to change the status
quo. it is clear that as (icncvans plow their way
tltrotiglr the rash arid impulsive actions sct irt motion
in the past few months. the grand pity hearings and
upcoming court battles wrll lllL'Vllttlll) furtth polar-
tie the coitnnurnty.

I most strongly believe that ll rill ptIllIL‘\ agreed to
somehow settle out of court in order to torch lltl\
nightmare. and instead devoted all the time aml
money that will bc wasted over the next year It]
meaningless legal proceedings to begin building
stronger comtttunity relations. (ierrcva would he a
far better city for all its citi/crts. Again, this is the
conflict. tltc fundatttcntal paradox of American
society: the means exist. the motivation does not.

 

 

 

expansion of college-student aid so an additional
million low-income young people could receive
federal education subsidies.

Repealing his commitment that “no qualified
student who wants to go to college should be barred
by lack of money." the chief executive told
Congress in a special message:“’l‘he program which
I'm again submitting this year would benefit
approximately one million more students than are
currently receiving aid.

"It, would assure that federal funds go first. and in
largest amounts, to the neediest students. in order
to place them on an equal footing with students
from higher-income families."

Students from families making over $15,000 are
five times more likely to attend college than young
people whose families earn less titan $3.000. he 'aid.

Congress killed a virtually identical administration
plan last year. largely because at least 300.000
middle-income students would have lost cligi
bilily for interest-subsidy loans.

The President's propo ls again failed to meet the
request of higher editoitioit organizations for direct
government aid to colleges and universities.

But Nixon (lid renew his unsuccesslul request of
last year for a National Foundation for Higher
Education within the govrirnmunt to finance oduca
Lion and explore methods for direct federal aid to
institutions. The budget request for this foundation.
however was $100 million compared to $200
million in 1070.

Dr. Sidney P. Mnrland Jr., comm' 'sionr-r of educa-
Lioit. agreed that colleges desperately nut-(l dirt-cl
aid. But the administration decided to make low»
income students the No. 1 priority in part l)l'(‘i’lllSt‘
no workable formula for institutional aid has been
developed. he said.

Under the President's studcnt-aid‘proposal, thr-
i-ligibility maximum would be $l0.0t)0 a year
taxable income for a fruitin of four.

Maximum government aid would be $1.400 a year
per strident through a mix of grants. work-study
payments and subsidized loans, except for students
nlli-nding highi‘osl colleges who could l'('(‘(‘lV(‘ an
additional $1,500 a year itt subsidizvd loans.

in general, lower-incomi- students would receive
mostly grants and work-study payments while high:
I'I‘rlnl'tilnt' youngsters would |‘('('t‘in‘ subsidized
loans.

The l’ri-sirh'ul's proposal would increase govern-
ment subsidies to colleges front $070 million this
year to 1.6 billion in fiscal 1072.

State University of New Yorli at Albany

Wednesday. February 24, l97l

President Nixon has renewed his request to Congress to revamp the student aid programs so that "no
qualified student who wants to go to college [will] be barred by the lack of money."

[Al’ Wircphoto]

Students Ask Support for
Puerto Rican Studies Dept.

by Vicki Zeldin
News Ii'tlilirr

Sonic sixty students. prcdorrrr
ruintly l’ttcito than. sat in at the
President's otl'icc Tuesday after-
noon to back up lltL‘lt‘ request for
thc loiination of a Poem: Rican
Studies Department.

 

 

The Student Association‘s constitution comes up for student ratification on March 8.9.l0, In order to

pass. it MUST lirivc ii 60% affirrmttive vote of 20% of the student body,

 

graphic by jIIIt girtlnrnn

 

 

 

The group sat quietly. as four of

lltL‘lt rtirrrrbcr rtict with President

Louis Ilciic/ct from 4‘00 toti:.l0.
The students were seeking tltc
l’tcsrdcirt's support for the InitiaA
tion of the dcpartrtteut for thc
l‘t73-7,l school year.

The probability of lllL‘ depart-
ment‘s torrnatiorr took a step for-
ward this past mil wltctt a corn-
irrittcc was set tip to study the
feasibility ol its creation. What
the students thtllL‘tl was sonic-
tltiiig |lt wtitirtg ratltcr than a
verbal statement lroitt tltc
l’icsidcirt tit support ol the pro»
grartt. The President had voiced
support for the concept in ()cto-
bet.

The students pic-sent in tire rcd
carpeted area near the President‘s
office tcatl newspapers. corivci'scd.
often in Spanish. arid played racks
while waiting for some informa-
ttorr on the progress of the tttL‘L‘lv
trig taking place In liene/ct's
oflrcc. The group. apparently well
oigairi/cd. left to eat drrritcr in
shifts so a simple nunrbcr wotrld
be present in the building at all
times.

There are. currently. three cours-
es being given in the field of

l’ucrto Ricait studies. These in-
clude: l’uerto Rican Literature.
Family. arid (‘ttlture Desired by
the group present. however. was
an actual department devoted to
l’tiei'to Rican Studies.

The nrcctiiig with Bette/ct broke
up at (nit). The four studeitts and
the President came out into the
crowd waiting to hear the results,
The President informed the group
that lie supported the id ‘a of the
department in principle. btit reaf-
firmed the fact that the decision
to initiate the department was not
solely at ltisdiscietion. “l cart iioi tell
the Social Science Departrtrent
what to prri in lltcit curriculum.“
lrc said. The group left the build-
ttrg after being addressed by
licnc/et arid their representatives.

livcn if the concept of a Puerto
Ricait Studies Depailiitcnt is ap-
provcd by tltc various committees
wrtltirr the University it still artist
be approved by the Board of
Regents. The formation of airy
new dcpariutcnt is always depend-
ent upon budgetary support.

l’urthcr information regarding
what definite action will be taken
on the request will be available on
Thursday.

 

