 

i
r
i

biw—

 

PAGE 4

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH 26, 1971

 

t(‘ if .

ypl

V.W.~.i:%

 

M

’gﬁ

a

\  u r‘ < 3
with): TASS-m
w i t it it". will“

'I'I"S GE'l'I’ING SO YOU CAN'T MAKE AN HONEST PERCENTAGE ANY MOIII'

Communications

 

School of Ed

To the Editor:

Professors sometimes have asked to be heard on a
topic of general interest through the ASP. My
concern is a teacher education program which
affects as much as one-fourth of the undergraduate
student body. Already, I know some are militant
about real and imagined deficiencies. others comply
with the demands of the program functionaries, and
many have second thoughts about the sequence and
meaningfulness of courses. Graduating students re-
port that the real world of the beginning teacher is
far different from the idealized conception of the
educational theorists. I share some of these concerns.
Condemnation. though. serves little purpose. New
prospectives. the product of creative interchange of
student. faculty, and practitioner opinion can gener-
ate creative innovation. I would like to ask the
leadership to start here.

1. In its simplest form. does not teaching presup-
pose an intent to match knowledge. personality and
skills of getting things done with the problems of
bringing youth into an understanding of possible
alternatives for alleviating need. avoiding injustice.
and generating a prosperous community?

2. If it does. then why is it that we spend hours in
talking about the task of the school. the nature of
the pupil. and the organization of a teaching
procedure before we meet a t'lesh-and-blood high
school youth? Would it not be better to learn afresh
something of the problems of high school youth. of
institutional management. of the relevance of sub-
jecl matter. and of one's personality match for
teaching before we make a commitment to a teacher
education program? It is possible. you know.

3. Why is it that we generate lesson plans. wrilc
tests. and discipline hypothetical students in reading
courses before we learn how to get feedback in
cyrhbrill to eye-hall tutoring. videorccorderl small
group instruction. remedial teaching. laboratory and
reading list management? It could be different.
Think about it. Maybe it is tlit' skill that comes
before the reﬂection which improves one‘s perfor-
miince.

It. Does the student teaching performance qualify
a student for the junior high school ghetto (rural or
urban) class? Maybe actual work experience will. It
can he arranges too.

5. Is your experiencu one of earning marks in
courses while the real world of teaching demands
performance competencies in translating ideas. rc«
Iiiting to and managing groups of young people.
assessing learning and teaching possibilities realis-
tically. and establishing rapport with colleagues and
community. Are the university‘s priorities in right
order.

We are thinking about changes in the teacher
education program. Help us with your insights.
aspirations. and suggestions! Notes reach the ASP.
conversations crin be had in ED 112 (call 457-3833),
suggestions criii be written collectively rind indivi-
dually. Make us be as innovative and its successful as
you can.

Sincerely.

H. Craig Sipe

Professor. Science Education

and Chairman, Department of Instruction

Owners on a Leash

To the Editor:

I enjoyed the good humor of Ward Gregory in
his letter to the ASP on the problems of the
commie-piiiko (logs digginan at the uniVeriiity
(Wed. March I7). It's the sort of thing we need in
the discussion of It noisome problem. If I min add
my tuned sens-r- to the discussion. I must say that I
am sorry to see so many dogs on campus because I

don't seem to see so many loving masters on
campus.

It seems to have become the fashion for students
to possess dogs. Aside from those who let their dogs
romp freely over the podium. there are students on
campus who literally drag their canine possessions
along with them as they go about the business of
student life. Are these people concerned with the
dog’s happiness or their own happiness in ownership
of the dog?

I am not speaking for a canine clean-up on
campus. and I do not mean to offend every dog
owner on campus; but I sometimes wonder how
some masters are providing for the happiness of
their pets. I sometimes wonder whether the univer»
sity is an environment where a dog can find true
happiness.

Perhaps I am taking this all too seriously - after all.
what great things can we expect from a dog's life‘.’

Lucius Barre

RA Feedbag

To the Editor:

Russell (lbcck states in the March III ASI’ tltat
“the logic of this rnaiicuvcr" (cutting RA pay in the
face of increased ItA responsibilities) chides him-
Well. Itusscll. the logic (or truth) of your so-callcd
“incrcascd responsibilities“ is what cltldes mc com~
plclcly. In fact. l'm riot quitc surc what the purpose
of your position on the uptown campus was to
begin with.

l have nbsolulcly nothing against the hallowed
position of Itcsidcnt :\~.~'istaut. and certainly not
against the various people who occupy it. but comr-
oii. Ilusscll: “all new rcspoiisibilitics"" I
laughed uproarionsly halfway through your lctii-r.
until l rciili‘/.crl that your loric of rightcoua iinhgria
tion was serious. the voice of a man striggci'iiig under
burdcii
suddenly bccii nskcd to Iicar yet more and grossin-
injustices (Ill the form of eliminating part of tlic
board from lIll‘ ItA contract ). ’l'hc llA's ccrtanily
must Ilthl' a staggcriiig amount of responsibilities
and lit-hindthcrscciics work. since I've had official
dealings with my llA's (twu of them) a cumulative
total of about If) minutes in the past two St‘tllk'hll‘l‘s.
and I know people who aren't. sure who their llA's
actually are. rarely having seen this oppressed.
rcsponsibility-Iaden minority.

Forgive me for my sacriligious attitudes. Russell.
but I can't seem to grasp how the things you
mentioned as increasing your already UVt‘I‘IUtlded
responsibilities do. in fact increase your responsibili-
ties: thefts haVe doubled, true. but when a TV was
stolen from my suite recently our RA had absolute-
ly nothing to do with the situation. VAndalism to
machines and elevators increasing? Again true. but
are you now required to take rotating guard shifts
over the Vending machines. or to make the repairs
yourself. or to carry out the investigations of the
vandalism in cooperation with security? rm? Then
how has your responsibility increased from this
factor. Russell? and "with thesituation the way it is
now in Vietnam. who knoWs what is going to
happen in May?" Somehow 1 time a bit of trouble
Iiguring out how events in Vietnam in May (why
Mary?) are increasing your responsibilities here at
SUNYA.

Granted that I’SA is. as your point out. inis»
managed. inefficient anrl iii sore need of chr
hauling. but it so happens that free food contracts
for the “IUO or so IlA's" is one of those very
inefﬁcrencics of It‘SA finance; you seem to contrudic
yourself.

 be happy with what you‘vrl got. ltusscll: free
tuition. free room. and seven free dinners each week
for doing essentially the same job I (lid in third
grade when I was the Class Monitor.

Michael Dickman
Anthony Ilall 206-1!

tlicsr-

an oppressive of responsibility who has

Quote of the Week

“Americans are now generally in agreement
that we cannot afford to take risks with the
environment. My vote tomorrow to continue
funding the development of the SST prototypes
is, in my judgment, totally consistent with this
overriding concern.”

—Sen. James L. Buckley.

 

 

quoted Newsday, 3/24/71

 

.1.

Comment

Editorial

 

Why Not ‘No Fault’?

The proposed nationwide “novfault” insurance
is a subject of interest to every American with a
car. Despite the anguished cries of lawyers (who
stand to lose a fortune if the law is passed). the
idea is workable. and indeed has worked in
Puerto Rico for several years now.

The main complaint issued by opponents of
the measure is that the “no fault” concept.
which pays off immediately and circumvents
legal procedures to fix the blamc.would cncourr
age reckless driving. Their argument. the lack of
the legal concept of “blame” cncouragcs acci»
dents, does not Iiold water. Another angle on
this is the fact that all would pay the same rate.
Thus. the more accidentpronc ncw driver (who
now pays about $500 annually) pays only as,
much as the 40-plus gentleman with a Clcan
rccord (perhaps $250). To many older vorcrs.
this Would sccni unfair. except that insuraiicc
under the “no fault" law would hopefully only
cost about $250-$300. Especially ofinrcrcsi to
the older is the basic fact that claims could lic
settled almost immediately. instead of three to
five years after the iiicidciir.PcopIc with many
responsibilities can offer illafford to foot Iiiin
hospital costs while the courts debate who Iiii
whom. In many cases. it's ncitlicr person's fault.

What is more important. anyway. dctcriiiiiiing
who‘s to blame. or securing imiiicdiaic scrilc
merit and cutting costs almost in half?

It's way past time Ncw York. .iiid ilic t‘lllllr‘
nation passcd legislation to rid rlic driving [HII‘III
of rlic faulty Fault sysrciii.

 

#—‘l

albany student press

IIIl! Allinriy Strident Frost; is. published iliior- torn". ru-i \Nl‘t'l (I'lliltrl "-
hilllttlltll your [except (Itlltilt' recesses) liy tlirl Stiirlcrii Awn moor it W
State lllllVl!lS|ly of New York at Alllrlllv. lluiSIinicril Aw." minor rut n mo

in (Liriipiis Ceiitor 346 ill 1400 Washington AVt‘lltlt',/\Illillly. New row
IZQUIS. Sohsr riptioii price is $9 per year or $5 per ‘ittilil'idt'l. lil‘ttilltl i‘r
iiiriilnig permit pending, Ballstoii Spa. New York.
cdi/or—in—cliicf
thornas g. clingan
‘lnanuging editor ereculivc r'rlilur
. . . . .ariilynn abare . . _ carol liugliei
advertising manager news cdilor
.vicki It'ltllll

.jeffrodgers . . .
associate news crliiorx

business manager
.roy Iewis
niaida oringlicr
terry wolf

.chuck ribak

iaxxlsianr business manager

I)“ mark [ca/um cdimr

' . . . dchbie natansolni
-§“9 SCIISSO" ussociule ferrlurcr editor
dan Williams . . . . john fairliall

warren wisliart um. um”,

technical cdllors

advertising la your linda wa Icrl

. tom rliodes rnsoclu/c rim cdilor
circulation manager ' ' - - '"idlélc palm"
_ . I sue {mukner sports (‘rlllor
gmpmﬂ . . . . I . rohert zarcnibri
. columns cdllor
- . jon guttman I I ' t . H: wunm
('in crli/or

. jay rosenherg

photography editor
.niike clliu

dlmcrysgns‘:3;lmczlll‘ dUdAlbanv eats situadii on at cunnii nurriaro 326 diil
Albany. Ln PEA m" :N 0 la Umversidad dul Estado do Nurivri York an
Student Tax y la: n "MM" 90' In clam rte 19m, v as rumunuiada pur
Cam; “mam. “"9 5‘ Dlerdan an at lualo inancliado rlu Campus

L” rcnumnrol de talelnno son 457-2190 y 2194.

In pollflll'dnlffllmaflm‘m w “mum “ 299 palabras y se sujumn n reduclarsu.
‘0' 'l d“ '9 PEA BI altabllcldo no! Tom Clingan. inland

 

 

 

odllores. P
__.l

 

by Jeff Burger

CHRISTMAS & THE BEADS
OF SWEAT. Laura Nyro (Colum-
bia KC 30259), printed lyrics.
Included is the old Drifter’s
tune. “Up on the Roof," which is -
the first song Miss Nyro has ever
recorded that she didn’t write. It
turns out to be as perfect for her
as “Me and Bobby McGee" is for
Joplin. This is a beautifully con-
ceived album that works as a unit
to take one to the private world
of Laura Nyro. Her piano work is
tl series of sharp. clear notes. Her
voice is an instrument commun-
icating non-verbally even more
than by its presentation of the
lyrics which. by the way. are quite
excellent. This is a consistent.
intricate and wonderful trip.

PEARL. Janis Joplin (Columbia
KC 30322).

Janis‘ last album. finished short-
ly before her death. is so far above
anything that she‘d ever done
before; all the problems that she’d
struggled with for so long are
cleared up. The band (Full Tilt
Boogie) is the perfect musical
complement to Janis’ musical in-

(tensity. And Janis' voice fulfills
her potential completely. It is soft .
and harsh and loud and delicate:
its range is displayed as never I
before, and Janis’ control is better
than it’s ever been. She projects.
finally. all the emotion that's in-
side her. The material is entirely
Janis. It seems that she wrote
every word. but mostly she didn't.
We can only wonder what the
never-to-be next album would‘Ve
been like.

CHICAGO III (Columbia CZ
30110). color poster. printed lyr-
ics. double LP.

lf Chicago hadn't stuck to their
double LP format. but had con-
densed the best of this material
into one LP. they would‘ve had tl
damn good record. As is. much of
the material doesn't live up to the
Chicago's talent. The problem.
mainly. is that they're trying to
break loose from their stereo-
typed sound to move in a number
of directions. There's a lot of jazz.
some acoustic guitar and even
some country sound. Sometimes
it works. sometimes it doesn't.
Side Two is beautiful throughout;
it is a progression without being

 

 

‘Up’Up. Andi Aayl

 

 

by Stephen Aminoff

UP if the name of this exciting
new literary travesty by a wonder
frilly nutty English professor who
does his professing at City College
of New York.

As a work. UP strikes me as one
of the huge comic successes of
late. and can leave you as it left
me with these inane desires to go
running about
from it to anything moving. It is a
collage of assorted bits and pieces

rcadi ng excerpts

middle class
Ronald

Sulrcnick has a time sense of rent

of the ultravurban.
c x istencc. A [ll lior
ity‘oricntr-d absurdity which lir-
“lays on you" iii (loublc dost-s
throughout the book.
“Just what we nccd". oiic cyin
cal olisci‘ycr might moan. “aiiw
thcr Inuit with llll‘ moralistic mas
tcrpicccs dcsigiicrl to shake us out
of our trccs arid to enlighten us to
our vast plriguc of hypocrisy." Ul’
is not to hr- writlcn off so easily
Mr. Suki-nick (to call him “I)ll."
would be it little too academic to
link him with a piece such as this)
wants us to enjoy as we read
interesting things about ourselves.
He wants us to bowl and squeal as
we wallow in our won Iittlc rnycrs.
Sukcnick deals with some of the
special aspects of childhood with
such imagination that it appears as
though the episodes used must
have been actual occurrences. No
one but a madman could just
invent some of these things. But
then. this Sukcnick is no ordinary
author bound within the confines
of literary redundancy. llc treats
his childhood cxpcricnccs i i a
manor It‘riuik
Zappa’s more purposeful music.
UP hits ii lot of scnsitivr- chords in
the mind of a littlrI Jewish kid
Brooklyn. His comment
about the little clubhouse in

somebody's bust-merit where the

reminiscent of

from

secret society would incct and
decide how they would rip off
candy bars or whether they Wllll'
ted to challenge the (itlrd Street
boys to a game of rough-trickle

football right. on lhtli Avenue.

was graphic. His mind‘s wander-
ings while riding the “D” train to
311th St. were psychic. and his
reﬂections about trying to avoid
his family scene had a special
relevance to me.

This is not a narrow book.
though. As with many things that
well‘read people get together and
collectively call “great”. UP has a
certain timeless and placcless
quality to it. The characters are
not merely locale ccntr-red or-
ganisms peculiar to New York.
but may be loolrcd at as a certain
thl'l('(l

microcosm of the types

contemporary socicty has to
ril'l'r'i‘.

UP is oin- of the new novels with
a strong scnsc of urgciicy packed
frolic. A lot of

dune

mind all thc
riitr-Ih-ctnull/.iiig may llt‘
about why III‘ I.\ called lil’ To my
mind. UI’ is more of a for-ling than
anything clsc. It‘s also lllc name

of a funny new book.

Thurs.—LC 7

    

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

8:30 5 7:30

Fri.—-CC Ballroom L30 8 9:30

   
    
     
       
 

pretentious. some of the other
material. though. is rather imita-
tive and not as good ("SingrA
Mean Tune Kid". for example.
comes on as an imitation of Sly).
CHICAGO III is all enjoyable, if
not wholly as excellent or original
as it could be. '

ABRAXAS, Santana (Columbia
KC 30130). poster.

This is an even better LP than
Santana’s first effort. It is charac-
terized by the perfect wedding of
jazz/blues and Latin music. For
some reason. Latin music has
never made it with the pop and-
ience. Now. hopefully. Santana
will popularize it for everyone.
It‘s about time. and Santana‘s just
the group to do it. Carlos is just
one of the finest guitarists around.
And the group rates with any
other for the ability of each man's
instrument to flow and work with
the others. You won't find any
ego battles here. rather there is
only one man with six bodies.
Notice how the drums provide
structure for the organ which is a
context for Carlos’ guitar whic

 

I “re Broadway play "Hair" will be presented at the Palace Theater
from Friday. April I6 til Wednesday. April 2|. For ticket informa-
illOll. call 372-7233.

 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
     
       
     
     
     
     
       
       
   
   
  
  

Ill...

EMPTY BED BLUES. Bessie
smith (Columbia G 30450)

This is the third of fivo two
record sets that together will in-
clude every song that Bessie Smith
recorded (except for twenty tunes
which appear to be lost for good).
Wisely. such gimmicks as recbiin-
ncling for stereo have been
avoided; the producers seek to
present the original sound as clear-
ly as possible. On this set. the first
record was made before the
microphone was invented—Bessie
used a megaphone! The second
record is vastly improved by a
mike and a much improved back-
up band. Bessie‘s vocal range and
expressiveness is simply incred-
ible. You've got to hear it to
belich it. and even then you may
not. But you should own this
record.

“tau: NOTE
mono srror

specializing in
‘Unrlcr'grouml

Palore Tliculel
Alb'oliy, N. Y
7 p.ln. ~ Sunday April 4”:

lirkel plite.
$5.00

lirkci air/leis
Ten Eyrk Record Shop

r .
.llk 4") Albany

I I)II\ Millers Music Store
'Iilttcx r’"

Van Curler Rerord Slam

‘IS rpm (ililtlt‘li ()ldics
Srhenerlady

l‘ili \ l'llllrll i\\.’|'lill|' s S
. Ba l s ervire Ialiun
\llmiiy. ’Jr'w \ on Tme7

4620221

 

    

 

Sat—LC l8 7:30 8 9:30

  
   
  

  

Sum—LC l8 7:30 6 9:30

“ ‘Putncy Swopc' is .i stinging,
Iinging. swinging sock-it-to-thcm
doo/cy. It is going to take off in
be one of the most talked about
flicks in rcccnt times. By all

means I suggest, hell, I damn well

insist you see 'Putncy Swopc' an
be prepared for the nutticst.

wildest. groovicst shock trcatmcnt.

Will leave you helpless with

laughter.

Westinghouse Radio

    
    

Funds go

to the April

24 March on
Washington

  
    
 

id

   
 
 

d

   
   

donadon

 
  

 
   

. new ,mmzcsis$s~sme mezzo: so“ unsung“,

 

 

