MM...“

 

A<-_.W—c..

‘l
i
i
g

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT guess

 

I looked up and saw you pass by
and my heart said to me.

‘I want to reach out to you

and bring you into my dreams
to share my thoughts and feelings.
Ilul that would be forward.

and I let you pass by.’

I loolrerl down as I passed you by
and my soul said to me:

'Come with me to distant hills
and we will watch the flowers
dance lo the music of the breeze.
I want to glue you a smile and

call you friend but I have no reason

and I pass you by.‘

I watched them, each alone wilh
loneliness as a companion, and I
asked myself:

Why must there be a reason?

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1971

 

 
   
   
   
 

 
 

  
   
    

 
    

 

prose and photos by potskowski

 

 

 

 

FIVE CENTS off campus

Albany Student Press

Monday. April l9, l97l

Vol. lVlll No. 30

State University of New York at Albany

Council Sets Vote Policies

 

Investigates Sweet Fire
Endorses Peace Treaty
OK’s Record Co-Op

by Vicki Zeldin

Central Council voted to freeze funds for the
controversial newspaper Sweet Fire pending an
investigation of alleged changes in their constitution.

The step was taken at last Thursday's Council
meeting as a result of complaints lchled against the
paperby a student, Mitchel Frost. Frost is 'ociated
with the new conservative newspaper Consensus,

He charged that the members of Sweet Fire were
not following ‘he constitution that had originally
been approved by Communications Commission. He
also said that the paper's staff would not let him
write for them. Frost appealed to the Council to
invvstigate the paper, and after much hesitation,
Council member Lenny Kopp introduced a resolu»
tion to withhold payment of any bills outstanding
for the paper until the allegations were invastigatcd
The resolution passed and a report is due at next
Thursday's Central Council meeting

Central Council originally voted to ftind two ’ -ies
of Sweet Fire at its March l l meeting. The decision
to fund the paper came after an hour‘s debate. and
the result was a vote in which more people
abstained than voted for the measure. The vote was
S) in favor, -t opposed and 12 abstentions.

The resolution as passed allocated $524 to Sweet
("ire to help it fund two issues, One issue has been
printed with the Council money, and Jack
Schwartz, a spokesman for the paper claims that
that issue cost $516. Another issue is planned for
early May to be financed by the profits made from
the March issue. Two other issues of the paper have
appeared throughout the year; both were funded
privately.

 

 

Election Procedures

The Council also passed an election procedures bill
that does away with all references to accumulative
average, academic standing, or any academic restric-
tions on eligibility to run in any election or hold
any office or position. The bill also stated that
“Student Association shall elect. members to Cen-
tral Council in the ratio of three hundred to one or

/

4.41M“

the nearest whole thereof."

An amendment to the election bill states that
nominations for Student Association President and
Vice President shall be by petition, and that they
shall be signed by at least 100 members of Student
Association [Also passed at the Council meeting
was a redefinition of “membership in the Student
Association." lt now states that “Membership in the
Student Association shall be contingent upon under~
graduate registration at SUNY Albany. For the
purposes of this policy, those students the Univer-
sity designated as being in a class year equal to the
last two digits of the year of their expected
graduation te.g. now classes 7l-75) and those
persons designated as being in class year 30 shall be
umlergraduates. Those persons designated as being
in class years It), If), l8, and 20 shall not be undergrad-
uates for the purposes of this policy] This new
policy of petitions does not prevent the possibility
of write-in candidates.

The Senate Election Procedures bill was also
amended so that representation in the University
Senate shall be based on living areas including both
on and off campus groupings. The ratio of Student
Association members to Senators from each living
area shall be as equal as possible.

Other Business

The Council also voted to allow a non-profit co-op
to sell records at a discount rate on campus. This
vote overturned the decision of the Solicitations
Committee which had originally voted not to allow
the co-op to operate,

Members of Council also Voted to endorse the
People‘s Peace Treaty which states that “American
and Vietnamese people are not enemies. The war is
carried out in the names of the people of the United
States and South Vietnam without our c0nsent...."
The treaty goes on to stipulate the terms agreed
upon by the original negotiators to end the war.

 

In the next few weeks most of us will be busy studying, reading, and doing all the work wc'w left until

now. Good luck on your ﬁnals!

 

---aluerson

‘ "Mr 

 

 

On April 28, 29. 30 members of the University community will have
a chalice to show their feelings on mandatory student tax, as well as
picking Central Council members, Student University Senators and
President and Vice-President of Student Association.

---chow

Elections Coming

S.A. Officers, University Senators,
Fate of Mandatory Tax to he Decided

 

by Tom Clingan

A |ong~awaited vote on Student 'l‘ax. as well as
election of SA. officers and student. University
Senators, will take place next Week on April 28,25)
and till. The tax rel'eremlum, mandated by the
Board of Trustees, will determine whether or not
the fee remains mandatory,

The president of Student Association, and the Vice
President, are now directly elected by members of
Student Association. In order to insure student
support for nominees, nomination is now by petiv
lion. One hundred signatures of Student Association
members are needed to place a name in nomination
for either of these positions.

Also being held at this time are elections to
(Tentral (‘ouncil and MYh'KANlA, to the (‘lass
()l't'icer posts, and lo the Alumni Board. Selt-
nomtnation forms are available in the S.A. office
((‘t? IMO) and must be returned by 5 pm. Friday,
April “ill. The petitions for President and Vice
President are due on Monday, April 26. A student
can, incidentally, slgn more than one petition, and
does not pledge his vote to the candidate.

The marathon event wdl tentativer take place in
the Campus (‘enler main lounge, above the cafe-
teria, from ll am. to 5 p.m. next Wednesday,
'l‘hursday,and Friday.

The Albany Student Press will print questions and
responses frotn the candidates involved in the SA.

Presidency race a week from Wednesday.

 

