  
     

 

 

 

 

2:~.‘1F'z'ff<£~f:;ﬁ‘“

.’A,A A .

"Eu:

an-nw-

' .7»;

mar‘vnnv-vu . ...

.z 1:» ﬂ “Sioux-mm sits...

. .._.,. ‘~¢....:mo~...; Ms:

PAGE 2 '

ALBANY sruqsnr mass

The New Opium Wart Part

by Frank Browning and
Banning Garrett

Both the complexity and the
ﬁnality of the opium web which
connects- Burma, Thailand, Laos
and South Vietnam stretch the
imagination. So bizarre is the opi-
um network and so pervasive the
traffic that were it to appear lint
an Ian Fleming plot we would
pass it off as torturing the credi-
bility of thriller fiction. But the
trade is real and the net has
entagled governments beyond the
steaming jungle of Indochina. In
1962, for instance, an opium
smuggling scandal stunned the en-
tire Canadian Parliament. It was in
March of that year that Prime
Minister Diefenbaker conﬁrmed
rumors that nine Canadian mem-
bers of the immaculate United
Nations International Control
Commission had been caught car-
rying opium from Vientiene to
the international markets in Sai-
gon on UN planes.

The route from Laos to Saigon
has long been one of the well-est-
ablished routes of the heroin-opi-
um trade. In August 1967, a C-47
transport plane carrying two-and"
a-half tons of opium and some
gold was forced down near Da
Lat, South Vietnam, by American

gunners when the pilot failed to
identify himself. The plane and its
precious cargo, reportedly owned
by General Rathikoune‘s wife,
were destined for a Chinese opium
merchant and piloted by a former
KM’I‘ pilot, L.G. Char). Whatever
their ownership, the dope-running
planes usually land at Ten Son

We want FSA
student co—op,

urrection of the

Vern Bo wen—

 

       
   
       
      
       
      
     
     
   
     
     
  
    
   
    
 

(il the rain plan that morning.

  

indoors.

(Monday through Friday only)

facilities for all to view the ceremony.

commencement.

If you DON
you’ll get the same old shit.

turning to SA to finance such
activities as: day care, campus
free store, bail funds, commun-
ity free breakfast program, res-

off—campus housing, free music
festivals, and free dope.

Jack L. Sch wartz—

Y Central Council
Attention May Graduates

connencrnrur 1971
Inclement Weather Plan

In the event OI rain, commeriwirlunt will lit! inovud litllll llui (InmposContnl
Mall to the main gym Local radio sialiuns wrll .innount 0 ll“! implomuitallon

. . . . .
It the rain plan is implemented, gradualus wrll report to the Gym at l l‘M
and don academic regalia in tin.- rncn‘s locker room, they wrll protond
directly to the Gym and be snared by llhlltlISZ, Only liu- oiaishals and platlolm
party will participate in the titititlllllllt‘ procussroii it tho ctiioinony is held
. . . . .
Each graduate and (lcgruo candidate will nicoivn two guest tickets for the
indoor ceremony. Because seating in the Gym :5 limited, lickots admitting
guests to that area will bu distributed on a first comelirst serve basis. After
the Gym tickets are depleted, guest tickets for closed circuit IV coverage on
the Academic Podium will be issued. these tickets will indicate lhn proviso
viewing ureter and ushers will he on hand to assist unrest: in those locations
Shuttle buses will be available to transport graduates and guests from the
parking areas to the Gym and tho Academic l’odium. The TV areas will till
equipped with largo screen ((i'xh'l rear projection television units to provide
the best possible viewing. tickets will tie ilVrlllrlIllll during May in CC 13']

. . . - .
The COIIIHIU'ICL‘IIKHII Committee and tilt! President regret that lnuru is no
sheltered space available at the University which will sun] all the parents of
all graduates. Wu asli your cooperation us We strive to provide adequate

I . a . .
On Cornrnoricmnunl tiny, the CC Information Desk, the University Swillh
boa/(l. and Counnunturnmit uahor wlll bu prepared to ariswor questions aliout

Nhut airbase, where they are met
in a remote part of the airport
with the protection of airport
police.

20% Have Tried Heroin
A considerable part of the opi-
um and heroin remains in Saigon.
where it is sold directly to U.S.-
troops or distributed to U.S. bases
throughout the Vietnamese coun-
tryside. One GI who returned to
the States an addict was August
Schultz. He’s off the needle now,
but how he got on is most reveal-
ing. Explaining that he was
“completely straight, even a right-
-winger” before he went into the
Army, August told RAMPARTS
how he fell into the heroin trap:
“It was it regular day last April
(1970) and I just walked into this
bunker and there were these guys
shooting up. [said to them, ‘What
are you guys doing?’ Believe it or
not, I really didn’t know. They
explained it to me and asked me if
I wanted to try it. I said sure."
Probably a fifth of the men in
his unit have at least tried junk,
August says. But the big thing, as
his buddy Ronnie McSheffrey
adds, was that most of the officers
in his company, including the
MP5, knew about it. MeShel‘frey
saw MPs in his own division (6th
Battalion, 31st Infantry, Elth Divi-
sion) at Tan An shoot up, just as
he says they saw him. He and his
buddies evon watched the unit's
sergcant‘major receive payoffs at a
nearby whorehouse where every
kin l' drug imaginable was avail-

VOTE,

      

to become a
with profits re-

lake, low—rent

President

 

   
      

able.
The Grand Madame of Opium

Adding glamour to the laby-
rinthine intrigue of Vietnam’s opi-
um trade throughout the late
1950’s and early 1960’s was the
famous Madame Nhu, the Dragon
Lady of Saigon. Madame Nhu was
in a position to be very likely
coordinator for the entire domes
tie opium trade in Vietnam; yet so
great is the power she still wields
from the palatial exile in Paris
that she has intimidated one
American publisher and kept him
from publishing the story. In his
book, Mr. Pop , Don Sehlanehe,
former editor of Horizon and for-
mer managing editor of the Satur-
day Evening Post, recounts the
following interchange on the Plain
of Jars during August be-
tween Edgiir “Pop” Bucll--the In‘
diana farmer who left his home to
work with the Moo tribes people---
and a local restaurateur:

....Buell drove with Albert
(Foure) to Phong Seven and
watched from the side of the air-
strip as a modern twin-engined
plane took on a huge load of
opium. Beneath the wing, talking
hL‘iltt‘dIy with the plane‘s Corsican
pilot, was it slender woman
dressed in long white silk pants
and rrrirl'ui, ihc sirloslit, high-
-nccked gown of Vietnam. Her
body was exquisitely formed, and
her darkly beautiful face wore a
clear expression of authority.
Even Buell could see that she was
Vietnamese, not Lao.

“Zat.,' sziirl Fourc, “is re granule

madame of opium from Saigon."
Edgar never learned hcr mime, but
he recognized the unforgettable
face and figure when the picture
of an important South Vicinit-
mcsc politician appeared months
later in an American news maga-
zinc.
Though Schanche's publisher,
David McKay Co., refused to
publish her name for fear of repri-
sals, the unforgettable face was
that of Madame Nhu.

But Saigon's opium trade is not
new. Its history stretches back to
1949, when the French appointed
former Vietnamese Emperor Bao
Dai as chief of state. Ban Dni
brought with him as chief of

police Bliy Vicn, the undisputed
leader of Saigon's criminal under-
ground, which controlled not oiin
the gambling and narcotics Lrat
in Saigon but also the important
Chinese suburb of (Iholon. Bao
Dal and Bay Vlt'll held power

 

II

until they were displaced after the
1954 Geneva Accords by Ngo
Dinh Nhu, Diem's brother. Nhu
had gained prominence in Viet-
nam as an organizer of a Catholic
trade union movement modeled
after the French Force Ouvricrc,
which the CIA had helped supply

in the 1940's to break France's
communist dockworkcrs' union,
the CG'I‘. '

At first Nhu feigned support for
Bay Vicn and Bill) Dai, but by the
and of 1955 he had taken control
of lhc Saigon sccrcl policv, and
thereby, the city's opium and
heroin trade as well. Just as the
Nhus were consolidating their
own power, a little-known figure
entered the Diem military appara-
tus, a man who through the years
would carefully extend his control
over the air force and end up
eventually heir not only to the
South Vietnamese government
but to the opium and heroin trade
as well. That man was Nguyen
Cao Ky, who had just returned
from Algeria to take charge of the
South Vietnamese air transport's
C-rl7 cargo planes.

l’rcniier Ky: Pusher

At what particular point in time
Ky became involved with the
Nhus in the opium trade is not
known. but by the end of the '50s
he was cutting quite a figure in
Saigon's elite circles. In an inter-
view with RAMPAR'I‘S, retired
Marine Corps Colonel (and author
of the book Betrayal ) William
Corson described Ky’s life in the
late 19505 in the following
fashion: “Ky of course was a
colonel in the Air Force blle then
and he used to have these glitter-
ing cocktail parties at the top of
the Cztruvellc (Hotel) in Saigon.

 

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1971

‘

 

He laid out a fantastic sprt-zul,
which was all very interesting Iii--
cause the amount of money he
made as a soldier was maybe
to $30 a month and ln- didn't
have arty other outside income."

The first real light shed on the
possible sources of K_\"\ t‘Xlt‘tlt'lll'
riculzu‘ income came only in llli'
spring (if 1968, when Senator
Grtit-niiig revealed that four year's
earlier Ky lltltl been in the i-mploy
of the CIA's “Operation ll:i_\‘|ill,"
a program which flow South \'Ii'l
namesc agents "into North \"II’I
nam for the purpose of \.Illtil.tL||'_
such as blowing up i'.|llt'li.lll\.
bridges, etc." IVItrl'l‘ll11|)iiI'l.iIil l\'\'
was fired, (il‘lll'illtlu'x
claimed, for having lll‘i'li I‘.IllellI
smuggling opium from I,-|

   

.25

xi llll'l't'\

us back inlo Saigon. Higiviinumlh
Ky and his fliglil i'l'l'\\- \wri-
replaced ll)’ Nillltllltlllsl~ l'hinw-
Air Force pilots,

Neither lhc CIA, tln- l’uiilagon.
not' the State I)l'[)itl‘|liil‘lll t-wr
denied Ky worked oii flpt-i'aliuii
Httylift. Nor (lid they deny that he
had smuggled opium lltlt'li ililo
Saigon. I'lowcver, a US spokes
man categorically (Innii-rl l\'_\‘ unis
chI' fired from “any position by
an element of the US. (hm-tn
ment for opium smuggling or .m_\
other reason."

STEVE ROCK

’73

  
   
 

  
  

VICE PRESIDENT

 

 

lnformati on”
,office, CC 346,

Evaluation, Feel
457-8973 or Dick

 

Should you require further

MAKE SURE YOU HAVE YOUR SAY!!!

Right now, plans are being drawn up for a universitv
scale evaluation of courses and teachers. This evaluation
Wlll’ provrde information to stufents which will facilitate
their optimal selections of courses and teachers.

l_n constructing the general questionaire to be used in
this evaluation, the coordinating committee is currenth
ponductlng a survey, soliciting from you, the student, the

potnts of information" which you feel the evaluation
questionalre should
student require in the way of information that will help
you to more adequately select the courses you need and
from which you can get the most benefit.

You can pick up and return copies of the "Points of
ﬁrst ﬂ resDonse survey-at the information Ide'Sk.

00’ Campus Center, or In the Student Assomatlon

get at. We need to k

Collier at 457-8337

information concerning the
free to contact either Marie HVd‘er

now what you the

 

 

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRass

 

Mohammad Ali spoke at the Washington Avenue Armory Satniday afternoon. He addressed the

crowd of students and community members speaking on “The Purpose of Life.

at

--siniriions

Council Separates Athletic Tax

by Eric loss

Central Council approved a
measure providing for a two part
vote on the question of manda-
tory vs voluntary tax. The Council
after extensive discussion passed a
motion providing for a segregation
of the athletic tax from the stu-
dent tax at its Thursday night
meeting.

Currently student tax is $29.75
a semester, $7.75 of this money
goes to the Athletic Advisory
Board. Due to the Council dc~
cision, students will now decide
whether or not they want the
student tax to remain mandatory
and whether or not they want the
athletic tax to remain mandatory.

Central Council, in order to dis-
cuss the proposed Athletic Adv
visory Board Budget, suspended
the agenda. The tentative total
budget was quoted at
$126,758.1l. Coach Garcia re-
sponle to Council's questions
concerning such expenses as
coachcs' scheduling conferences
and trips. Dave Neufeld's original
motion which allowed for accept-
ance of Lhc proposed budget with
stipulations depending upon the
mandatory or voluntary tax situa-
tion was passed. Students will
vote on this proposal in a referen-
dum (hiring SA elections from
Wednesday until Friday, April
Lid-Jill.

Ken Si(lk('l‘l‘l brought forth a

controversial 3 part question coli-
cerning SUNYA athletes. The first
part of Stokem's plan sought to
abolish all academic and social
requirements for membership on
the AA board. Council passed this
quickly. Segments ‘2 and 3 of the
proposal dealt with the problem
of whether it should be incum-
bent upon SUNYA athletes to cut
their hair and shave. After much
banter the “hair motion“ was
passed with wrestlers being an
exception due to their member-
ship in the NCAA.
Sweet Fire
Also explored was Bob Cole's
special Finance Committee report
relating to Slut't’f Fire . Cole had
been asked by Council to look
into alleged violations of the SA
constitution by Sweet Fire . Mitch
Frost, the student who made the
original complaints, claimed that
Since! Fire had published one of
its issues under an improper con-
stitution, and therefore should be
refused SA funds for at least that
issue. Jack Schwartz of the maga-
zine was present to rebut. Bub
Cole had found after investigation
into this matter that no such
illegality existed, and he recom-
mended that Council unfreeze
Sweet Fire's funds. Lenny Kopp's
motion to this effect was
subsequently passed.
I’YE Suit

lt-orgc Kclcshiiin of PYE ctimc

 

 

more

    

ALBANY

4 52 BROADWAY

TROY

of
. e ,
FAMILY CLOI'HING

2/2 WASHlNGlTON AVE.

 

before Council seeking Central
Council endorsement of PYE's
position as a co-plainl.iff in a
lawsuit against a variety of de-
fendants, most notably, the New
York State rI‘i':in.~iportation De-
partment, the State Education De-
partment, and the Department of
Parks and Recreation. The pur»
pose of the suit is to preserve the
historically valuable Fort Orange
site as it is presently facing des-
truction caused by the building of
Interstate 77. After some clari-
fying discussion, Dick Wesley's
motion to endorse I’YE's efforts
was carried. No financial commit-
ment was made however.

 

PAGE 3

Muhammad Ali Speaks

by Stephanie DlKovics

"Without Elijah I wouldn‘t be nothing. I'd be out there with some
blond over in Paris. "

Muhainmcd Ali made this remark as he addressed a crowd of Albany
State students and members of the black community as part of the
second annual Black Arts Festival. Ali spoke Saturday afternoon in
the half filled Washington Avenue Armory.

Ali devoted several minutes emphasizing Elijah Moliammad’s power-
ful inﬂuence creating the Black image as it is today. He stressed Elijah
Muhammed's lack of recognition, saying “Everybody’s picture is on
the wall but His." Ali said that it was his job to explain that he’s the
way he is through the teachings of Elijah lMuh mmed.

Ali then got into the meat of his speech—"the Purpose of Life.’ All
felt that the only way to gain true happiness was through the
knowledge of one's true purpose in life. “Many youth don't realize
this. They seem to think that schoolwork is the main thing and all we
must do. And they are so absorbed and wrapped up in their
schoolwork until they have no time to think about the various
purposes in life.”

Material wealth was unimportant in determining people’s happi-
ness," ...in spite of all the money one might have, in spite of all the
money one might make after getting out of college, even after being
successful in your profession, your heart will never be really satisfied,
because it's not the wealth that one gains that gives this true
satisfaction." l-le illustrated his point personally, “They tell me ‘you
gave up the title...you might go to jail...nigger, you crazy'. That don't
mean nothing if I‘m not free. If I have a home in Hollywood, and
everything that I want, if I can't come out and talk to my Black
people and tell them the truth; to tell them what's right in gotta be
scared of what some white man's gonna get in the newspaper. The
Hell with the money and all of it if I can't be free!" This statement
was met with the cry ‘Right on' and loud applause from the audience.

All then compared the temporary happiness that people seek out
through drug usage and alcohol, with the constant happiness gained
through the knowledge of the true purpose in life. Intoxication may
bring temporary pleasure, Ali admitted. and “pleasure promises
happiness, but pleasure in only a shadow of happiness. Only the
knowledge of the true purpose of life gives true happiness.

Said Ali, “My purpose was to be a Black man in America, high in the
white man‘s society, holding, say, the biggest title you can hold, and
not title inch of me Uncle Tom. Not one inch of me chasing white
womcn...l‘m not gonna sell out to Uncle Tom." Even the Supreme
Court, now pondering Ali‘s fate, “...can’t plit mein no jail, I'm already
in jail," “My purpose is to go down fighting, and if it means going to
jail, well I didn't sell out;l must be right or I wouldn't be here."

Ali closed his speech on the purpose of life with the words. “Rise or
fall, success or failure, it really don‘t matter as long as you know your
true life purpose. If 99 times you fail, the hundredth you'll succeed.
Thank you."

 

NEED HELP?

Upstate Abortion
Rclcrul Sci’vitc

(lur \l'l'\ll't‘ can |il'tl\'|(ll‘ a ~.ilt-,
lt-gul .tIll‘I'lltlIlVI‘ to 3 our problem
\villi liiilnniumt-osl and dill)

5/65 78.18/81"!
\|'i\ \l‘lﬁ

(l/n‘ll ‘tllIlA II ll't t A

 

 

The Ebenezer Howard Project needs

a part time (15-20 hours/week)
STUDENT WORKER
for this summer who

can also work with us next year.

Submit resume to CC 346
For more info, call: 457-8327/6543

 

 

 

 

   
 

DBIllllS HOPPER I: THE AlllBRlGﬂll oneamen

His own life, filmed as he lives it.
A Film By LAWRENCE SCHILLER and L. M. KIT CARSON

Distributed by Cords Productions. Inc and EYR Programs

New York Stale l’rcmici'c Showing at Tower East Cinema
April ‘28, 29, 30, May I in LC 7 at 7:30 at |():00._
Admission: $l.50 or $l.()() with State Quad Card. ‘

“When I was

a child.

I thought

as a Child;

now that I’m

a man I still

think

as a
child.”

Dennis Hopper

u ., um Eititnullnt t .t.. M...i....i~. up. mm

“we

r
u

 

 

.-
, . . luff
. . . . . ....t...irnaluminum“

Q: ~- (WM. . 

r.”- f" ‘2qu -

.asui' “or—«aﬁ'v-“k’ av-

 

 

