Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 3, 1933

 

 

State College News

Established by the Class of 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

THE NEWS STAFF

MARION C. HOWARD. . . . . .. . . . . .. . . . . . .Eiliior-in-Cliicf
162 \Vesicrn Avenue, 3-0975

WILLIAM C. Nccson.. .  .ilfanaying Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. H7 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

JEAN CRAIGMILE........ .........tliIZ’L‘I'll.tlllg [Manager
' Phi Delta. 20 S. Allen Street, 2-9836

KATHRYN HAUa......................Finaiicc Manager
Ge'nma Kappa PM, 21 N. Main Avenue, 24144
DAN VAN LEUVAN.... ..A.r.rociaie Managing Editor
401 Western Avenue, 2-2650

RUTH WILLIAMS............A.isacialc Managing Editor
Beta Zeta. 680 Madison Avenue, 2-1266

 

MILDRED FACEII. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Circulation Manager
Phi Lambda. 536 Mercer Street. 26533

SENIOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS: Almira Russ, Bessie Stet—
kar, and Thelma Smith, seniors; Ruth Brooks and Valen-
tine Reutowich, juniors. JUNIon ASSOCIATE EniTons: Celia
Bishop, Diane Bochuer and Marion Mleczck, seniors;
Florence Ellen and Hilda Heines, juniors. RIEI’DRTERSZ
Hilda Bookheiin, Beatrice Coe and Rose Roseiibeck, seniors;
Bessie Hartman, Emily l-Iurlbut, Olga I-lyra, Anna Koren,
Dorothy Meserve, Esther Rowland, Helen Smith, Mary
Torrens, and Marion \Valker, juniors: Rosella Agostine,
Elaine Baird, Phyllis Bosworth, Margaret Bowcs, Loretta
Buckley, Frances Breen, Elsa Calkius, lluldali Classen,
Doris Cnfiiu, Margaret Dietz, Frances Donnelly, Karl
Ebers, Ruth Edinnnds, Rosc Einhorn, 1310thin Evans,
Jacqueline Evans. Eudora Farrell, Margaret Flanigan,
Merle Gedney, Marie Gecsler, Elizabeth Grillin, Elizabeth
Hobbie, Dorothy I-Ierrick, Mary Hudson, Aubrey Kal-
baugli, Virginia Chappcll, LaVomIc Kelsey, Jeanne Les-
nick, Janet Lewis, Martha Martin, Eleanor Nottingham,
Evelyn O'Brien, Emma Rogers, Charlotte Rockow, Dor-
otliy Smith, Edith Scholl, Glenn Ungerer, Nina Ullman.
and Elizabeth \Vhitmau, sophomores. Sl’Dlt‘l‘S EDiTou: \Vil-
liani Nelson, '34. As I'ANT FINAS MANAGER: Julia
Riel, '35. ASSISTANT ClltCL‘LA'l'ltiN MA. Margaret
Walsworth, '35. Assts'rANT ADVERTISING MANAG ' lic'
trice Burns and Elizabeth l’remer, juniors. BUSI.
STAFF: William Davidge, Edith Garrison, Frances Max—
well. Alma Quimby, juniors.

     

 

 

|

   

 

a: soocintctlm Eollc lint-t Erma

.5193; ﬁning 4.59 to“ r —

 
 

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial lloard representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions. $2.25 per year, single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. l-Intered as
second class matter at pustuf‘tice, Albany, N. Y

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
ex rcssed in contributions. No coininunicntions will be
printed unless the writers' iiimics are left with the Editor-
in-(ihief of the N -‘\\'s. Anonyinily will be preserved if so
desired. The N \\s does iioi guarantee to print any or
all communications.

    

 

l’inN'rian or C. 1v“. \\’ii.i.i.\.\Is & Sox, l.\'(:., i\l.ll.\.\'Y, .'. Y.

\'ol. XYlll, No. 4 Nov. 3, 10.” Albany, N. Y.

\\"f)Rl\' ()R l’l.;\\".’

Just why thc :irti itics office shouldn't be the social
c itcr of the Collegi. has ncvcr been definitely determined.
This year as wcll as others, the group which infests the
place seems to in: more socially minded than that which
drowscs in thc Lounge. Upon taking the degenerating
condition into consideration, one comes to the conclusion
that the most logical place for serious work would hc,
therefore, lllt‘ Lounge. llnt thcn, who wants to drag a
typewriter ovcr into Richardson hall?

\\'ith the inroads of various students, many of whom
are iostilc to t ’ us and ideals of those who work here,

 

 

 

   

 

    

 

 

 

llll‘ Ivitics otlicc suffcring from the loss of various
va Ile articles. We suspch tln- Invaders of carrying off
these articlcs much as did the lluns their captive women.

 

The most serious of the s is the I'i'iliiyoyiir
dummy book. As a rcsult, mrmbci‘s oi the I'l'tltlﬂlljlut’
staff had to do over a rouplc of months' work. If the
analogy might bc strI-tchcd farthcr. onc might ask what
use tbc lilill'ltt'tl up and dcf book would In- to a stu-
dent not interested in the v itr book; :it lcast thc lluus
had enough .wnsc to carry home only things of use to
them,

   

.-

 

l’Rfﬁl'iCRlTY ll)”, NlCARlCR
Judging from the number of student tax payments made
thus far this y ' r, prosperity is lli'/i nearer the corncr than
it was last yi'ar at this time. in other words, 250 students
have paid studcut taxes as compared with 23“ payments
of last yczir. lf payments keep coming in :it this rate,
nearly all the students will have paid their taxes by the
cud of the year.
Svnion will pay taxi-s next wcck. Perhaps this will
raisi- thc pi-rri'ntagc llllSlflt‘l'illlly. The sooner student taxes
are paid the sooiicr activities will begin in earnest.

 

 

 

ANOTHER EPIDElWlC

State college is again raging with an epidemic, the
cause of which is unknown to science. It is suspected that
the infection is the direct result of the bite of some uti—
known and terrible bug. Sonic diagnose individual cases
as being a bite from the bug of self-conceit; others call
the insect carelessness or thoughtlessness.

Every effort should be made to stamp out the epidemic
before it spreads to the younger members of the group.
More than that, every precaution should be taken to avoid
infected people.

The disease is rather obvious because the person acts
mentally deranged at times. These people are laboring
under the delusion that because their education is handed
to them from the State on a “silver latter", another kind
genii will hand out a job in June. T ere is an old saying,
you know, “All good things come to him who waits —
but not to him who waits until blanks for the appointment
bureau are long past duel

THREE BY FIVE

Every year Campus Commission has a tussle over the
cleanliness of the College buildings. By the looks of the
floor of the lower corridor on Draper hall, in the imme-
diate vicinity of the mail box, one would think this build-
ing inhabited by a family of frisky mice. No, the notes
strewn about the floor aren't quite torn into shreds.

The Campus Commission has heretofore made a ruling
that all cpistlcs placed in the mail box are to equal or
exceed the ﬁve by three inch size. One glance at the letter
box would show that we are all either too poor to afford
a piece of paper that size or that we don't give a hang
whether our friends get our notes or not. Perhaps if we
wrote a little more aiul not quite so often we could manage
to eke out from our precious store of paper a slip large
enough to satisfy the Campus Commission.

B O O K S . .'\ll,\\'ll.lllilt.\'l?%§liy (l'NElH.
- ('miias OI'T lN [look lion.“
_?—— |ty.\l.t‘. ll. -———

All [would [or mic til Cn-oli.

Ah, Wildernessl, by Eugene O'Neill. New York.
Random House. $2.50.

Ilow differcut is O'Neill's latest play, All, Wilder-
ness! from some of his previous success s. Perhaps
the first striking contrast which would attract the
reader's not - 's the absence of morbidness—both in
plot and ch cter. in fact, the characters seem quite
normal.

The story centch around the home life of a well-tn-
do editor of a small-town newspaper. The main ch' r
:ictcrs of the play are Nat Miller's immediate family:
the leading role is taken by his seventeen-year-ohl son.
Richard. The theme and setting which surround the
boy are curiously like 'l‘arkington's Sevemeen.

Richard falls in lovc—but with a child much younger
than himself. in his eagerness to relay to her some
of his advanced literary experiences, he sends her
\' erpts from Swinburne, Oscar \Vildc. and Omar
lx'hayyani. Of course her father, one of those small-
towu bigi * gets hold of the notes and refuses the
girl permi )ll to sec Richard again. in adolescent
despair, Richard resorts to wine. women, and song.
: :i rcsnlt, he gets most awfully sick. l-‘ortunately.
he is allowed to renew his friendship with the girl
and comes out none the worse for the experience and
perhaps a bit wiser.

Reviewers seem to be puzzled as to whether the
writer has meant the play to be a comedy or a satire.
\\’thI the book is read, bowcver. it seems to be it
delightful combination of the two. The gr .Itcst con-
lrasl is. pcrbnps, their respective reading tastes.

Upon concluding the book. one becomes curious
as to whether or not the play might not be more auto-
biographical than the writer is willing to admit. To
support this thcoi'y we also have the chronological
clcn Int: the time of the play is ltltlli. More than that,
0'5 ill sclccts (icorgc ,lcan Nathan from aiming his
followers and dedicates the book to him—“who also,
once upon a time. in peg-top trousers went the pace
that kills along the road to ruin."

 

 

       

 

 

 

 

  

/
'.r

 

 

Sunwise Turn, by Madge ,Icnisnu. New York: E. l'.
lJutton & Co. 102 pages. $3.00.

“This,” the author tcll us, “is the ()lyinpiad of fl
beautiful and :idvcntiirou' Id anxious experience. It
is not a lesson. nor an essay on a theory, nor a sweet
him of a story you can buy for a penny." In fact, the
story turns out to be ii lininau comedy in the art of
book; ing.

Miss ,icnison and her partner's first plan was to
make the little book shop as much its possible n 111'
where one would want to read a book. She draws
clcvcr analogy to Kipling’s storyntbc story of the first
rave woman who. when her lord intrinhiccd her to her
'rst ivc, swcpt it out, laid a rug before the opening,
and said:
“Now, my door, from now on, wipc your
fer-l when you come in. This is. going to
he ii home."

 

 

 

 

Thi- cxpcricnccs which Miss Jcnison tells of are
rcry amusing. For example, Slll‘ tells of an old maidcn
lllllll who wanted to buy a lliblc for her nephew to
tiikc to the front with him. The young man had oh-
lt'l‘li'd to a book which lookcd like a lit-arse or it coffin.
The book sellers started at work on it :it once, and the
result was gratifying. if not sensational. 'l'bc cover
\ths done in orange, with n viiic from lllakc's Heaven
and Hell adopted for the tooling. and instead of a title,
ibc lint: froin Jeri-Ininli, “Thy \Vordﬁ \‘Vcrc liound and
I Did Exit Them."

For thc person intcrcstcd in book publishing, Sun-
wiite Turn will offer a fund of information about pub-
lisl rs; it scents as though Miss Jcnison is intimately
acquainted with all of them. Her idi about thc way
books ‘ltillltl be sold and handled .re practical as
well as interesting. Soin of these theories art already
being worked out by our own College (Io-operative
book store.

   

 

 

 

“lien and Women of l933—Knon Your Own Era!"
ls Keynote of Annual State Student Conference

lly AI..\IiiiA Ross, '14
Senior Associate editor

“Men and women of l933—know
your own era!" These words sounded
the keynote of the annual State Student
conference at Cornell university during
the week-cud as two hundred delegates
representing various New York State
colleges met to consider socio-eeoriomic
and religious problems in relation to
the modern individual. Almira \V.
Russ, '34, chairman of the State col-
lege representatives, presided over the
conference as general chairman.

inter—depemlencc of the three main
phases of the world's problem was
stressed by each of the speakers pre—
senting the subject to the assembled
men and women. The divisions were:
need for a personal God for each i -
dividual for a greater faith, reorganiza-
tion of the bases upon which Christian
missionary work is being promoted in
foreign lands, and the finding of a cure
for the existing socin-economic ills.

Atheism. the NRA, Nazism, pacifi-
cism and st'lf-L‘xprc ‘ion were some of
the main topics presuited the delegates
for discussion. Leading speakers of-
fcrcd comment on the three-fold phase
of problems confronting the confer-
ence, after which the members split
into small groups for the piirpo -
of round-table discussions. Later their
objections ‘lllfl questions were: iswcrcd
in a gcnci l meeting.

Dr. \\"Illiillll l’auck, of the Univer-
sity of licrliu, addressed the first meet-
ing Friday night on the subject “Pt-r-
soiial Power for Creative Living." He
explained the German youth movement,
with its reaction against the school,
family and church. and cniph: .is upon
simplicity in convcntious and love of
nature. Modern civil'..’ition. the fier-
lllitll student feels, is killing the modr
crn youth‘s init ve. because it has
done o much to awe young people with
the responsibilities of life. Dr. Paul:
traced the intlucu of this movement
upon (icrman litt “11er as well, and
ended his iltllll‘ with a powerful ap-
peal for a personal find, all-encompass-

   

 

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

CLASS PRESEN S
PROGRAM OF TWO
PLAYS LAST NIGHT

The advanced dramatics class pre-
sented two plays last night in tlic audi-
loriiun of Page hall. The plays wcrc
directed by Doris Howe and Lucile
llirsh, juniors.

The class h. s rccuntly changed the
timc at which plays will begin from
if o'clock to 8:30.

The cast for Miss llowc's play iii-
cluilcd: William Jones, '35. who took
“11' part of l’icrrott; Marion Heine-
mium, as Cohnnbinc; and Robert Rob-
inson, ‘3 ar quin. The cast for
Miss llirshs play included: ‘.\ orie
\\’|u~nton, '3fi; Ruth Crutchlcy, '35 ; and
Agnes llcck, L'harlt's Robson and
Roger Ilancroft, seniors.

(foiiunittccs for . '. Ilowc's play
wcrc as folio L stuincs, Ruth

* ip, leizahctii tirt-g-
Dorolhc (iiihiigaii,
.ncilc llirsh, ‘35;
, '35; and clean-up,

 

 
   

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

ll
Lois fidwc
K ciinctli t'hr'
(Tonimitt .
iiicluilcd: .
crtics, Agnes llcck, '3
s llildn lrndlc
Kcnncth Chris an, ’

    

    

r h ss ilirsh‘s play
ls, Lois Odwcll, '35; prop-

5 ' stumcs and
Al; make-up,
and clean-up,

.v

    
     

 

l'. i/nbcth fircgory, '35

 

 

Calendar

Today
llzlfl Student Assembly. audi-
torium, I'ngc hall. Dr.
l’alnici', speaker.
Tonight
ozfill Senior ('lnss |)innrr, Cafe-
tcrin, llnstcd hall.
hall llonsr Dance at Kappa
Delta Rho fraternity, ll7
.‘iouth Lake nvi-nuc.

:2:

Tomorrow
.iztltl f-‘oundcr's Day 'l‘cn, l'bi
)clta sorority housc, 20
South .’\llL'Il street.
Knit) linll llousc lliini‘c, Enter-
son hall, ‘lol .‘itiitc sti'ect.
Tuesday
5:30 \'.\V.C./\. Dinner, Cafe-
teria, llusted hall.
Wednesday
3:00 Student-Faculty Tea,
Loiingc, Richardson hall.
Thursday
8:30 Angiia I'lnti-rs, Auditorium,
l'agc hall. ,

 

 

 

ing, who would awaken iu cachindi-
vidual a courage to stand by dcciSions
and release the student from himself.

The two speakers for the meeting
of Saturday night were Dr. Harold
Storm, medical missionary, who re-
cently addressed State college students,
and Dr. Edmund Chalice of New York

' ' l)r. Storm spoke on his experi-
l cs as a medical missionary in Ara-
bia, while Dr. Chaffee spoke on “The
Challenge of the Social Issues of the
Day."

Entertainment for the delegates con-
sisted of sight-seeing tours, a tea Sat-
urday afternoon, and a dance In the
evening.

 

 

 

 

PERETTA TO BE
MARGHZBANDZl

G.A.A., Troubadours Will Present
“The Sorcerer": Lucile Hirsh
Will Be Director

 

 

The (iirls' Athletic association and
the 'l'roiibadnurs will present "The
Sorccrcn', nn opcrctta liy (iilbcrt and
Sullivan, on Friday :iiid Saturday
nights, March 23 and Z-l. in the audi-
torium of Page hall at 8:30 o'clock.
Lucile lfii'sb. '35, will direct the pro-
duction with lll‘. T. l‘d'ctlt'l‘ltllt H. Can-
dlyii, l -:ul of ill“ music department,

- ing tllL‘ music.

Last year (i.A.A. and the Trouba-
dours presented “l’aticnrv”, another
fiilbcrt and Sullivan opei'cttii, under the
direction of John (irosvcnor, '33, and
Maybelle Matthews, '3-l.‘ in 1932
ii. A. presented the "Mikado", and
thc ionbiidours, “Thc l'll‘lllt‘s o
l‘cnzancc". . I

The committees for the opcrctta llilS
r are as follows: busiucss inan—
. R icrinc l . lg, '34. and John

'35: advertising and programs,
11, '35, and Glenn Ungcrer,

 

 

 

 

     
 
   

I:

 

.li
, :umgers, and Hannah Parker, '34,
Janie‘ Campbell, Karl Ebers, Ruth lid-
Illllllt Charlotte Rockow, and Clar-
' ‘ sophomores; tickets, Mar-

 

ion Ilcincmann and Carlton Coultcr,
juniors, co-cl * 'rmen, (icorge Ketchinn,
'34, and Harriet Ten 1" k, ‘35; music,
Julia Shields and l’hilip Ricciardi,
seniors, co-ehiiii‘mcn; house, Dorothy
Munycr, ’34, and l‘iiul Chi-ney, '36, co-
chairincn; srts and props, Kenneth
'1 ion and Ruth I’irooks, juniors,
co-cbairmcn, Elisabeth (ircgory, '35,
and lil"'beth (iriflin, '36; faculty, Al—
' and Roger Bancroft, sen-

THE PLAYGOER

The audience M‘L‘lllt‘tl .'i hit dubious
about the cl‘fi-ctivci ss of die clit't' at the
hrgiiiniug of the play Tuesday night.
llowcvcr, as the action of the drama
nuioldcd, the and Her simultaneoust
lcnt itself to the idea involved in thc
'agi-dy.

Not long after the curtain had bccii
drawn on tbc play, the lighting and
the unusual sctting, combined with
rhythmic dashing of the wavus below,
inspired the andicncc as much as any
realistic background found in the stage
tilt‘t‘lllltilt‘s of modern Ai ' atcr.
Thc scene was appealing the action
of HIV play shifted to the stage left
whi-rc IlIildn sat in thc light listcniiig
to hcr lotcr‘s confession.

Although she contrasted wcll to Ilon
I'lddy's sirvngth and tcnscni s, l'cggy
Strong's charactc 'tion \ d deli-
nitcncss. llci' ruin- a bit high and at
liiiics monotonous, dcti'iicti-d from the
bright of the situation. However, there
was a ci-i'tain swcct sincerity in her
\Illt't' and in thc Inovcnu-nl of hcr hands
that was rciiiiniscvnt of the little sis-
tcr in llni'ric's ".\'cw \Vord."

r s usual, the music of llon I'Iddy's
voice plus in: ihility to cm suspense
in his lii \\'t‘|'t.‘ evident. The (
inntii‘ HMH’ irh to the climax of his
ltiat sllt‘t'l'll, brides licing well-timed,

 

 

z)

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

 
 

     

 

 

 

 

  

     
     

  

showvd | icty of cxpri ' in that
was 1: king in fluid ' lllt . As far
as inoveiuriit is co t‘ll, Don has
not nviluircd lllt' sniiiotbncss

r skill that might gain
for him as did the
rculi .. ill of it cough in
intcipiiting thi- charactcr.
’icwing lllt' wbolc play with an un-
liinscd eye, lhc I’luygocr congratulates
Kcn l'hi‘.tian on his attempt to per-
fci't ll tlillll‘llll |lt'l'ft)l'llli|llL‘t'.

 

m that particu
so much pr

   
     

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

u”

 

,, - “v.17, . W _,
 snuTE—Britona gasped and gapcd when

he won the 1933 British Open over St. Andrews’ decep-
tive fairways and angry bunkers. Golf prophets say Shute
wdl line up with Golf immortals. Answering a question
Shun: recently said: "I have tried all the brands, and long
ago found that Camels are milder, and what is even more
important to any golfer. they do not janglc the nerves."

     

 

 

 

COLLEGIA TE DIGEST

   

 ARMOUR—Often called “Wizard of the Irons "
Armour has won a flock of championships, including the
:U. S. Open in 1927, the P. G. A. in 1930, the British Open
In 1931. Tommy knows his golf and his cigarettes."What
do I think of Camels? They are my brand and have been for
years. I smoke a lot but I must be sure that my nerves are
healthy and my head is clear—that's why I prefer Camels."

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
 
   
  
 

Men and women whose work and play de-
mand healthy nerves and level heads prefer
Camels. Active people agree that they can
smoke these ﬁne-ﬂavored, milder cigarettes
without fear of jangling their nerves.

Another thing about active people—they
are pretty generally steady smokers. ..
And, as anyone who smokes Camels will
tell you, you can smoke as many of these
cigarettes as you want—and never have a
“cigaretty"aftertaste. The last cigarette at
night tastes as good as the ﬁrst in the
morning, if you smoke Camels.

Try a package of Camels today. . .Enjoy
the superior ﬂavor of theircostlier tobaccos.
If you are a steady smoker you will appre-
ciate the fact that Camels never get on
your nerves, never tire your taste.

 

 

    

 

   

  —Th|s great golfer began his winning
ways in 1922 when he became U. S. Open Champion.
He has been a consistent tournament winner ever since.
This year he won his third P. G. A. Championship. On
the subject ofcigarettes Snrazen says: "I agree with Shute
and Armour—l smoke Camels, too. They always taste
good—and they never interfere with my nerve control."

 

Ill: Nice drivel Have
a Camel. They're
milder, you know.

SIIE. Thanks, lwlllll've
smoked them for
years. I know they
taste better. And it
is the one cigarette
that never gets on
my nerves. ,.

/ \

I. ._ , I

\"vca .
I Mt. \

yr
'9

MA
/

  

IT g MORE FUN o KNOW

Camels are'mude from fine'r, MORE
EXPENSIVE tobaccos than any other
popular brand. You will find Camels
rich in ﬂavor and delightfully mild.

A
MITBMLESS
BlEND

Caprrtllit, inutl.
ll. .1. "would! Tuhaew CDVIIVIIW

 

 

.~,«.- _»,uati,;_ _.

EAtTHY NERVES-

PLAYGHAM 

 

  

 

