 

 

Left is Hilda Bookheim, general chairman for the luncheon. Miss
Bookheim is one of the associate editors of the Echo. literary. maga-
zine. Right is Robert Robinson. who has 5crvcd on the 'lllllSlC com-
nlittee for the tea (lance. Robinson was student assocratlon cheer
leader last year‘

Left, Marion Howard, general chairman of publicity for the week-
end, and editor-in-chicf of the junior issue of the News. Miss Howard
is also an associate managing editor of the News. At the right is
Thelma Smith, chairman of the program connnittee for the luncheon.
Miss Smith is also a member of the dramatic and art council.

‘ ‘ . _ Courtesy of Times-Union.
Above 15 a wow of the ceremonies on the front campus, Movmg-np day. 1932. The upper part of
the picture shows the numerals of the class of 1954, while the foreground shows Florence Fried-

m“"32' MW“ MODELS AT Y. w. c. A. FASHION REVUE
WWW

w,mwmmmw~wmm MMWMMW."WM/amm-
- V «A - ,5 w ‘

JUNIOR CLASS GUARDIANS

Frances McMahon and Bernard Korbel, 'seniors, are the clam!
guardians for the class of WM, as chosen by Myskania this fall. Both
Mitts McMahon and Kerhel are members of Myskaniu aml have tnken
an active part. in College activities.

m»... 

 

. i ‘4‘ v 1' WWuy ‘ nnw' mourn—
Above, are an: of the co-edn who served as models for the Y. W. C, A, . . - t,
’lu'hley ere. ham Mi) «'1‘ ght.3¢3t)pt Illurl’oiliicrittu'asg, CIJOI n Enigma.“ :33, mfgslljig'l‘l. raétéuént‘lm' 
towarc ury oc.'. 0n col an_olan 0.33.1“ '
cluirman for to: dance, while Mlu Scott in iliapor'tn M m the aetlvltliiiiI 6; the deli; Mcconﬂel "I “we,”

 

 

 

Grcnfell Rand, who is via--
president of the lioih-nc student
association, and repre. ntcd the
Colic, I at the conference of the
Natl-Ital Student Federation of
America at New t)rlcan~~ during
the Christmas holidays.

 

Courteny Timon lI'Illl"

Above, left to right, standing, are Alvina Trentleman, Hilda Bradley. Jean Craigmilo. Theodore Eckcrt, William Nelson and
harles Kissam; seated, Kathryn Hang. These are members of the committees which are planning the details for the Junior l'rom-
—-—«7v.—~.. enadc tonight at the Aurania club.
The Nun‘s wishes to I ' ik the i933
Pcthlgnene. the Album 'I mes Union
and the Albany . unne News for
their court y in permitting the use of
cuts for thin snpplenicnt.

NEW IIAWLEY HALL LIBRARY

JUNIORS ACTIVE 1N CLASS

Above. left. Almira Russ, who was chairman of the Junior Guide
connnittue, in active in affair»~ of the Young \V'nmens Christian Asv
sociation, and is a junior associate editor of the N- ; right. Jean
Craigmlle, who is chairman of the invitations cnnnnittce for the l’ronl
tonight, and is advertising manager of the News, and a member of the
council of the Girls‘ Athletic association. I

Below,f lc‘ft, Mary moon, who is class “Hunger oi athletics. \th dig
‘~ 1 vi- v of the former l-lawlev hall chapel. which has been remodelled and r9010? 0 llt‘ .IUIIIUI" 0 "SH ﬁlm" 0“ alumna it)! his War an! was.
Win ﬁlgo‘yseédlhﬂsl l“(evilmv 5mm college “malty beginning wim the owning 0‘ the second 0. A. A. delegate to the hockey conference in September; rght, Dem
sums,” m, Monmm aid Eddy. who has taken a prominent part in undergraduate drnnmtica.

 

