 

 

,Be-ver pulled out of an excit-

K  "mummies-

TO BE THE CHAMPION TllllP SHOOTER

 

suoemn mu semen. 25
yards behind the traps, Welter

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

in; tie to win the 34th Grand
American — the ﬁrst time it has
been won by I limit contestant 1'
He has been a steady smoker
of Camels for years, and says:
"I like their taste and mildness
...tliey never jangle my nerves."

  
  
   
 

(Left) “PEOPLE SAY I never have a cigarette

out of my mouth. For years I’ve been smok-

ing Camels. I like their taste and mildness.
n

They never jungle my nerves. ...Waltcr
Beaver. trap-shooting champion.

WALTER BEAVER of Berwyn, Pa, wouldn’t
be where he is today—holder of the coveted
Grand American Handicap—Hf it weren't
for his healthy nerves.

“Winning,r a trap-shooting championship
is partly a matter of luck, partly the result
of practice and partly healthy nerves," says
the champion. “I'm a steady smoker and have
been for many years. People kid me about
it at the tournaments. They say l never have
a cigarette out of my mouth. During all
these years I've been smokine,r Camels, not
only because I like their taste and their
mildness. but also because they never jungle
my nerves."

iii «:5 .22

It's no fun to feel that your nerves are
ragged—and to womler why. Check up on

  

l'l' l_§ MORE FUN TO KNOW

your eating. . . your sleep. . . your cigarettes.
(let a fresh slant on smoking. Switch to
Camels. Your nerves and your taste will tell
you that Camels are a more likable cigarette
~—-and that they don't upset your nerves.

 
 
  

Camels are made from ﬁner.
MORE EXPENSIVE tobacco:
than any other popular brand.

 

HOW MTE mull NEWEST ll you
minke a lnl...insiule...0utdlmrs
,..when:ver vun ure...juin the
swing to Conn-ls. You'll like
those costlier tnlvaceos in
Camels. You'll liml lllL‘lll milder,
better mating, and they never
get on your nerves.

OAMEl’S OOSTllER TOBAOOOS

 NEVER GET on YOUR NERVES...NEVER TIRE YOUR TASTE

ll ‘I “l )Imlll: 'l'lilmrln l‘ulluluty

      

 

