 

 

 

  
  
  
    
 

semis-.14 ﬂint.  r

   

w‘ 70——

   

ms

A FAVORITE among the sports at Saint Mary-of-the-W

*" SCOTLAND’S IMMORTAL BARD is
honored by the Robert Burns Club of
Washington-University. St. Louis, and
they have placed this ﬁne image of the
famed poet on .thcn- campus. A student
must be a lover of Burns‘ works to qual-
ify for membership in the organization

oods college is ri -

ing along the many paths that lead through the area surrounding the college.
Above are shown Catherine Bruening, Vera Fullaytar, Frances Courtney, Helen
Moynihan. Capt. Lancaster. riding master. Dorothy Ball. Frances Love, and
Marguerite Reiss.

 

i“
. .‘

HOBO DAY and beards go together for men at South Dakota State College. for
no male student on the campus is allowed to shave for many weeks before the
annual hobo celebration at that institution. These collegians have not shaved
since October 6. This is the only college in the United States to have a Hobo

Day as their homecoming day‘ ARKANSAS QUEEN is Miss Nancy

Yarborough. the pick of University of
Arkansas men from among all co-eds at
the southern institution.

   

«he»?

 

SENIORS ONLY! And woe hetiile the underclasmnan who (leseciates the hallowed hoards ol A SMILE go“ a long wayl is the

the Senior Bench at Del-’auw University. Here the seniors loll between classes and noon hour mom, 0{ Mm,- Grace Brown junior in . . .
. ~ > . .. . . . . '., . , . .. .. . ' " L'l VE S'I‘A'l [LS are re )r-v. hi ‘ 1‘- .I- ll) oi Monmouth College to cds and

o settle the mhtics oi the can in» out oi caucus. lt lb atiuall at the center of the LdlllJllb and v v0 . . 1W1 4 I , ‘ I 1 then u H] lllb r, u i ‘ .‘ _ . '

l i ll Y 1 Midland L liege. for she must toilet! may all live in Sun hysule comma, a dormitory In, women ill the iiillitnrr lllh‘llillllun

From Massachuae Stu Colorado. they have gathered in this one building for the

is the center of campus life. Some study there. some smoke. some sit and tliink——aml some just the class dues for her class. And the

‘ . l1 tie must all be seniors! . . ~ . , . g '
sit in l y  brings in the pennies, she has remainder Of we "EL

 

CHARGING FULL SPEED ahead and right into th camera. here's Georgia Tech's ﬁrst string backﬁeld limbering up before the start of one
of their strenuous practice sessions. Left to right are shown Davis, halfback; Galloway. quarterback; Phillips, fullback; and Martin. halfback.
Martin. a sophomore, is developing into a sensation in the southern league, and is a bafﬂing triple threat to Tech's opponents.

Keyaiun: \'|2N "hall!

    
     
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
 

 

    
 

' , at
UP. MEN. AND AT ‘EM! And roaring deﬁance the Alphas and Betas at Los
Angeles Junior College battle one another in their annual mudfest. Pretty Jean
Milliken is shown with Eddie Epstein. captain of the winning Alphas.

lnlrrnallnnll New: Photo

“"9 DIXIE'S BEST BAND has the added distinction of having one of Dixie‘s mos:
beautiful cor-eds as its sponsor, Miss Margaret Walker. above left. is the sweet-
heart of the 90-piece University of Kentucky band. and a prominent social leader
on her campus.

 
 
  

 
 
 

FOOTBALL CllORlS’l‘lL‘lx’S! Moleskius rind vesnnenis lllL' a nutter of weekend wearing
apparel for Ohio University's "iuutlmil Cili'll‘islulh.” Clayton Kessler. left, and Robert Hilbert.
Both senior linesincn on the varsity eleven. Kussier nnd Hilbert sing in the university vested
choir and in an Athens. 0.. church on Sundays. mm“. \'uw rum

  

   

