w.—

w I a ‘,
HAVE you
You know _

buy the boy-friend (or lrl-iriend)?

gilt shop.

   

you may select one for your best p
 worst class-mate. So. here goes:
ll you go lor Omar Khyyam and choice Chinese and Indian
gums we csnnot recommend too highly The Orlental Caravan by
inter lkbal Ali Shah (Claude Kendall 75). A distinct treasure-
house of ﬁne literature, this is I highly pp priate gilt selection. It
you wish to continue your at reading straight down to the tur-
bulence of man and sea. we suggest orb 1 Sea. beautifully written
by Felix Riensenberg (Claude eridall.lz.50).whosecharscters move
with the restlessness ol the waters.
Somewhere we have read oi the number oi books that make the
depression less trying, but Elmer E. Ferris has added one that should
not be counted in th the regular run at them. Who Says Old!
(Sears) has a cheerlness, s salutary tang that ‘is particularly appro-
priate to the ‘tirne oi Yule logs and winter evenings. It on wish to
hav a little excitement to touch oil your evening's rooﬁng oi the

/

   
  
  
   
 
  

hea er vo umes, a ew hours will be entertainineg spent with Congo
lake in the wilds oi Alriea. A. C. Collodon (Claude Kendall, $2.75)
takes you through some tight squeezes that will make you wish the
ﬁre would stop throwing shadows on the wall.

N OLD newspaper slogan tells us that

“names make news." and Ruth Stewart
has capitalized on this in her latest. Capital
City (Sears. $2.00). To most 01 us the life.
at a reporter is particularly fascinating. and
when we meet the "big shots" at the world
in the pages oi this book. it becomes doubly
so. Yes. we suggest this lot an alter-study
reading hour.

In case you didn't know it. there is a line
between the good and the bad in the city at perpetual Worlds Fairs.
and Arthur D. Welton tells you all about it in The Line Between
(Sears, $2.00), a gentle little talc oi the men and women that one meets
(7 in this center oi the wild and wooly west. And of
ii

course. dual personalities are always interesting. A
lar cry lrom the hustle and bustle oi Michigan Av-
enue is a little town in merry England where
Duchess Laura lives in her own quaint fashion. As
conceived by Mrs. Bellor Loundes. Dutchess Laura
—-Purrher Days of Her Lile (Longmans. Green.
$2.00) is a real study at the nobler class.

We knew it! One just can't evade it. We mean
all oi the hullabaloo that has been raised during
the past year or so. And Ursula Parrott has
brought it all to us in The Tumult and the Shouting
(Longmans, Green. $2.00), along with the revelation that it all started
way back in “177 in a lamous Boston lamily history. There Ought to
be a Law against such things. you may leel. but William Seagle
thinks that there ought to be a law against useless laws, and he tells
you why in' his new book (Macaulay. “.25). a compilation of ridicu-
lous legislation, lascinatingly illustrated by William Cropper.

  

GETTING down to the more serious things in lile (one must do
that in a column once in a while. you know). there are {our tomes
that you should consider when buying something for father, or a la-
vorite prolessor. and we might include also, just any ordinary man.
We are talking about The Edwardian Era, by Andre Maurois (Ap-
pleton-Century, $3.00); Charles the First, by Hil-
aire Belloc (J, B. Lippincott, $4.00); Mary Queen
0/ Scots, by Eric Linklater (Appleton-Century,
$1.50); and An American Colossus. by Ralph Ed-
ward Bailey (Lathrop. Lee I: Shepard. $3.00). In
these four presentations we ﬁnd a bit of history in
the making told through the lives oi lour ol the
greats. Mr. Maurois is particUIarly witty in his
new biography. one of the best that he has turned
out to date. Mr. Belloc has successlully evaded
dullness and boredom in his tale of King Charles.
and the reader will find him inspiring and enjoy-
able throughout, Mr. Linklatet presents Queen Mary in all oi her
glory. with all 0! her activities carelully recorded. lts minus honey.
and is straight [mm the shoulder. Accurate historical facts and
sound reasoning evolve into a work that is truly great in Mr. Bailey's
presentation 0! the Iile ol Alexander Hamilton. This is particularly
timely in this period ol increased interest in government.

You're right — absolutely right. We cannot go through a season
without at least one anonymous volume on the life of some anony-
mous writer, This time it‘s an anonymou. autobiography. Rough
Hewn (Appleton-Century. $2.50). and we suggest that you follow its
tragic, humorous. and exciting events carelully. As Rough Ilewu is
the autobiography oi one in our midst. Wilmer 'I‘alre Nothing is a se—
rics oi sketchy biographies, all rolled up into one gloriously gory vol-
ume by that master, Ernest Hemingway (Scribners. $2.00). A collec»
tion of sharp. straightlorward ntorics. it holds a sinintcr lascinatiotl
that tells us to urge you to go right down to the corner bookstore
and grab up this new collection oi nhort stories.

ACOB WASSERMAN again demonstrates his ability as a story-

teller in his latest volume 01 Jewish Lore. ’I‘lw [lurk Pilgrimage
(Liveright, $2.50). His account ol the re-incurnuuon of a l7th cen-
tury prophet who had betrayed his people in one that will prove lus-
cinsling. as well as instructive. Four stars lur thin, and it'll a grand
gilt selection.

Hollywood. 'l‘iu Juana, Agna Caliente. Malibu. Colon. What glob
ioul ictures these words conjure up in the mind» oi the moviegoer
and llie newspaper render. Can't you just picture the exciting days
and nights spent in their: colotlul Cities. And, by the way. if you're
planning to go travelling. and winh it) Visit these land» nl your
dreams. don’t fall. absolutely, to read Incredible Luml lay tllut [Illi-
) turesque wtiler, llanil Worm (Liveright. $2.50). At: a

‘ guide book it is excellent, but it is no less a very rend.
able volume lor rm evening iii home on the mugn,
carpet,

incidentally. we've imgollcn tintl you muy have at
younger member ol ll": lumin to remember this season,
and we have lnuml just thrilling in: him (or her) in tile
line ul hooks In I’vrpsr by Hugh King llart'is (Lolli-
{0). Lee (a Bhepsn .8150) This “mine cilllmctp‘utl ol
(1 salt lluuuty Is the “uutulnngvaphy” vi a lively lilllt:
terrier who will soon capture you with lml drollness
and lively antic» Sjlchltlng ol the nturnal world. Mnrv

ucrite Swen has a new biography, S/mlrr (Lillie.
grown. $2.50), in the story ol the lile ol ltichuril Adams.
the cum loner. told III lllr lasclnntlng manner oi the air
thor ol Stallion.

in the vein oi myster and creeping thing... gtunleil
that you have a liking lnr u dash oi the thrilling with
‘s prrletellc: lor locality, try litmnl's "Death in n l’ur»
out" (Kendall. ‘21)”) which takes you into Ccnltul

‘ America, or T. l-lmd's "Robbery at Portal (2 liend"
(Kendall. $2.00) s story oi the inbound North and the Csuatllan ltoyul
Mounted Police. ll your taste is lens primeval "'l‘he Mulder ol :1
lisnlter” (Knopl. ‘2 00) by J. S. liletchcr should prove diverting.

   

ever had that disgusting before-Christmas tooling?
the one I mean—what shall I buy m room-mate?
t blank mo-
at as soon jump into the

Along

heard of combine a book?) list ol tomes from which
essor or your

  

 

   

   
     
      
      
  
  
 
  
       
       

    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 
 
 

UP AND OVER—with Lew Ayres leading, John Mack Brown and Billy Bakewell even up. The
scene is the tennis court at the Hollywood home of Mr. Ayres.

    

 

LAYING THE CORN ERSTONE oi the Woman‘s Athletic Association cabin on Lake Dallas at
the Texas State College for Women. The cabin will accommodate 75 students when completed.

D I G N ITY ""”“"‘
F L E E S
w h e n t h c
student lead-
ers at t h e
C o l l e g e of
the City of
New Y o r k
(evening ses- -
sion) a ba n -
d o n t h e i r
campus.

 

THEY ALL
W 0 R K at
L e c s - Mc-
Rae College.
At left they
are 5 h o w n
j u s t before

{my “‘5‘?” THEY KIDNAPED THE RAM of Fordham

ed the col- . . .

legals new Universrty Just before the N. Y. U.—i“ortlham
game. Here are the N. Y. U. students Just after

h e a t i n g , n
_ plant, they were ‘captured. Aunsl‘hulo

 

2:; nun“

‘ ‘ . g ,t . 
' ,A .r T r , .Yur' lyni
m A opium tun NlO- “ '  .. ‘ ,
MlﬁN’l‘. MM Dorothy final”. court HOR8E(W0)MEN oi Rockford. Ill., College prepare
“‘lnon’l‘l" Slmm‘m“ ("fllci'lc for their annual riding show. Our photographer caught them
filer": “"“l‘lul 1"“ MW” just as they were starting out on a practice ride.
0 )0 party.

    
    
   

      

