STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER [7, 1933

COURT SCHEDULE
INCLUDES SEVEN
HOME CONTESTS

The competition for varsity positions
on the State college basketball team is
rapidly going into an advanced stage.
"Coach" Baker states that the team infumml discussion
will be in excellent condition when it The club was recently founded by
opposes Drew university on December several students in the Physics 2 classV
9 l“ “"3 Pill“ ha" g—l‘mmmllml- who formulated a petition which was

SCVC“ ""lemm ml the Page Con” later approved by Professor Clarence
are “Sled l“ ‘1‘“ '033‘34 Stlmlmc‘ The  llale. head of the physics department.
5‘11"“l “'lll "9k I“ N"“' “"1" l” J‘m’l TllL‘ club has conducted three meet“
"3")“ to play the 1W” “mt‘l‘ll'” “"lﬁls : ings. and elected the following olhcers: l
SClw'll'lC‘l- luresident, Zaren lt‘lahdesian. '35; vice-l

The 1933-34 schedule as released by ’. “rm-mom! John Him-c.“ '35; Secretary“
HUGH-{0 l‘:~ Kettlwmv 34‘ ""“lilgur of l Loraine l.odcr, '35; treasurer, David
varsity basketball, will be as follows:  Rogers‘ '30; reporters, Aﬁl—cd Lucas.
7'35. and Sylvia Saroff, '34.

l At future meetings the reporters are 1
lto present ﬁve-minute talks on articles r
l found in magazines which are of inter-
lest to the club members. Membershin

Physics Club Elects
Mahdesian President

The Physics club, organized to fur-
ther student interest in physics, is the
latest departmental group to be organ-
ized in State college. The club plans
[to give practical knowledge through

 

 
    
  

.\luinni
llartwitt 
lil'nnhlyit l‘ol
Hamilton .
. Stephens.

 

taking, any course in physics

 

Pedagogue to Conduct

.
Re-take Pictures Soon
The Pedagngiw, senior year book,
will conduct rc-takc pictures Thursday
and Friday in the Unitarian-Universal-
ist church on Washington avenue
across from the rear entrance oi
coaches of the teams which are to visit Draper hall, lilL‘ilnor WMCFDUW. '34.
our basketball court this season. These .ezlitoi‘~il1~chief, announced.
letters contained a list of court ofﬁcials i who have not yet had their pictures
available in the capital district and also 1 t; ken may also sign up on the chart on
a request for the visiting coach to se- 3 the main bulletin board in the rotunda
lect the official for his game. tUi Draper hall for sittings at this time.
liour out of tire of these letters havel Members of the board will conduct
been answered, and the men selected 1 a table in the lower corridor of Draper
have been men that have ofliciateil on lhall acrth from the mail box today for
air court for the past five or six years. the collection of subscriptions. The
This is certainly a compliment to our l subscription price will be, $3.75 until
atlilet ' department in their choice of ‘January 5. After this date it will be
officials as well as in other respects. FS-l Payments may be made in ful
oi Ill installments of three one—dollar
‘ payments and one of seventy—ﬁve cents.
..\liss \\'alet'bury stated.

THE SIDE LINE

The athletics department has recently
performed a unique act of court cour-
tesy. Letters have been sent to the

 

 

 

 

 

 

The boys are now down to business
on the Page gym floor, gradually ah-
sorbiug the Ilakcr system and oiling up ;
the rusty hinges. The improvement‘
over the first few days of practice is.
remarkable. If this rate of improve-

IS SORORITY GUEST

Katherine Moore, '33, was a guest

Hamilton, Poly, etc, tend.

Students .

Page 3

JUNIOR COLLEGE
SOCIAL STANDING
WILL BE DECIDED

(Cambium! [ram page 1, column I)
dents had already passed out of the
auditorium. The rcvotc was decidedly
in the negative.

As a result, the ﬁnal matter concern-
ing these students has not been de-
cided. lluth ])r. Brubacher, president,
and Dr. Milton G. Nelson, dean. de-
clare these people special students of
State college. Their marks are being
handled through the registrar's ofﬁce.
Dr. A. R. Brnbachcr, and Dr. M. G.
N -lsoii serve in the capacity of presi-
dent and dean, respectively, of bet in—
istitutiousi The heads of the various
5tjollege departments have been made

 

l responsible for the courses given to the
lJuuior college students.

. The question will undoubtedly be
{brought up in student as‘sembly today.
The question seems to deal with wheth-
er or not these people are socially
members of the State college student
association and can participate in the

,‘is open to anyone who has taken. or IS ‘nient remains constant, then —-beware lat tilii Sigma 'l‘heta sorority last week- v various extra-curricular activities of

the College.

 

  

There are 6 types

of home-grown tobaccos that

are best for Cigarettes

is light in color and
and is milder than the
used for pipes.

Bmon'i‘ TOBACCOS
U. S. Types 11, 12, 13, 14.

lillllLEY TOBACCO
If.  Type 31.

Soivrueim MARYLAND TOBACCO
U.  Type 33. ” bum,"
l‘. 8. Type ll is produced

in the Piedmont Belt of

Virginia and part of North

Carolina.

l'. 8. Type l3 is produced
in eastern North Carolina.
l'. 8. Type 13 grows in

t0l)tlt't‘t )S.

Cigarettes.
'l'lien

L'. S. 'I‘ypc 33, Maryland
tobacco, is noted for its
In this respect
Maryland excels most other

These are the kinds of
home-grown tobaeeos used

for ma king Clicste rl'ield

Chesterfield adds

body,
Burle

South Carolina.
l7. 8. Type 14 is produced
mostly in southern Georgia-

aromatic Turkish tobacco to
give just the right seasoning
or spice.

a few million pounds in north—
crn Florida and Alabama.
'l'. 8. Type 31 includes
nlmt is called \Vliitc lhirlcy
tobacco. lt'n'as first produrcd

by George Webb in 1804. It and taste better.

  

(n) 1053. Lumen is Mrrus 'IthtLt) Lo.

Chesterfield ages these
tobaceos for 30 months
—-2/'r'i years —— to make
sure that they are milder

the cigarette that’s Mt

 
 
  
   

 

Tall/ma bring w/d at auction

on u Soul/(rm market.

riield

LDE R

the ci Ian-cite that TASTES BETTER
l5

