BOOKS on THE WEEK: ..

Sharp~ Yet‘Gentle . . .
Out of My Head. By’ldar sret
Fiahback. s. P. Dutton e om-
pany. inc. “.00

The so delightful author of one

of laet‘.,year’s best sellers “I'Feel 90mm

' Better Now” has favored her pub-
}? lie with another book of refresh-
ing. lively verse. Miss Fishback,
who lives in New York City, has
gathered an abundance of experi-
ence from every day observations
which she incorporates in her
light. rippling lines. She has a
capacity for taking the prosaic in-
cidents occurring in that pulsating
metropolis. and delicately tearing
them apart with gloved hands.
Although her criticism is never ve-
hement. nothing escapes her
shrewdness. Taxicabs and spar-
rows, men and vegetables, all re-
ceive their due from the sharp yet
gentle pen of Miss Fishback. Her
A style and type of poetry is similar
to that of Samuel Hoﬁenstein’s
but where the latter iefuses to
make a detour, Miss Fishback
treats euphemistically the many-
sided life that whirs about her.

The author came to R. H. Macy
Er Company. New York depart-
ment store, after graduating from
Gaucher College, Baltimore, in
1927.

Her brittle verses and sly ﬁrst
person paragraphs made merchan-
dising for the ﬁrst time gay, per-
meating the business of selling po-
tato mashers. canarics, and riding
habits with puck-like humor.

A Traveling Professor . 

Reggie-Toggle. By Dr. Walter
Star-He. . P. Dutton d Com-
pany, Inc. $3.00

So rarely are we given an ap-
ity to pry into the private
lives of our college professors that
we should consider this churning
novel of travel brought to us by
Dr. Walter Starkie, professor of
Spanish at the University of Dub-
lin. an invigorating experience.
In Reggie-Toggle. an erudite man
of letters dolls his pedagogical
trimmings and sets out with a lid-
dle and a camera on an audacious
tramp through the rougher re
gions of the Balkan countries.
From its beginning this fascinat-
ing tale is one continuous enter-
tainment, expounding adventure
after adventure among the dark-
skinned, musical vagabonds of
Europe's gypsy clans. It is most
amusing to see our pedant brush-
ing elbows with the more truculent
half of life, as well as with the
dusky female species whose ad-
vances he passes at? with tactful
gentleness. always taking his to-
mance with a grain of salt and
never once forgetting his station in
life. We follow this troubadour
and his disguise, waiting for him
to betray himself and his vocation
and we are not at all surprised to
catch him meditating upon the
companions of Xenophon whenh'e
comes upon the shores of Lake
Balation.

After reading this pleasant book
of travel you will be more prone
to appreciate the latent qualities.

Misti. FiShbaCk '3 now 3 ‘hiﬁh' and feel more kindly towards the
salaried copy writer, a contributor sometime! stem. dogmtica] ﬁg-
to current magazines, and the au- ure on the rostrum in your lecture

that of several volumes of verse.

FROM SOUP TO NUTS—end from reporting to typuettl

for the annual Mandated Collegiate Press convention in Ch ago last month.

hall.

 

MR. HOUSEWIFE! This is the greeting one uses
when he approaches this home of self-supporting stu- “I
dents at Iowa State Teachers College. Above is a
photo of one of the students peeling the potatoes for ‘
the evening meal. while below is the entire “family”
seated at the supper table after a hard day in the
classroom and work after school.

last night of the convention. Prominent educators and publishers addressed the delegates durin the twovday meetlns.

 

UP IN THE AIR! Florence Allen, Ski-
U-Mah sales queen at the University of
Minnesota, goes up in the air to sell mag-
azines to Don Pletsch, a graduate student

in entomology.

——college publication editors and business managers were entertained and instructed he the ~ -»
Above is shown the large crowd of student publishers that attended the conqu’itbﬂl‘aa‘tgf

 

