 SHINE—13mm gasped and gaped when
he won the 1933 British Open over St. Andrews' decepn
tive fairways and angry bunkers. Golf prophets say Shute
will line up with Golf Immortals. Answering a question,
Shute recently said: "I have tried all the brands, and long
130 found that Camels are milder, and what is even more
important to any golfer, they do not jungle the nerves."

COLLEGIATE DIGEST

 

 llllllllli—onen called “Wizard of the Irons,"
Armour has won a ﬂock of championships, including the
U. S. Open in 1927. the P. G. A. in 1930, the British Open
in 1931.Tommy knows his golf and his cigarettes."What
do I think of Camels? They are my brand and have been for
years. I smoke a lot but 1 must be sure that my nerves are
healthy and my head is clear—that’s why I prefer Camels."

 

  —This great golfer began his winning
ways in 1922 when he became U. S. Open Champion.
He has been a consistent tournament winner ever since.
This year he won his third P.G.A. Championship. 0n
the subject of cigarettes Sarazen says : “i agree with Shute
and Armour—I smoke Camels, too. They always taste
good—and they never interfere with my nerve control.”

 

 

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

m\\l

Men and women whose work and play de—
mand healthy nerves and level heads prefer
Camels. Active people agree that they can
smoke theseﬁne-ﬂavored, milder cigarettes
without fear of jangling their nerves.

Another thing about active people—they
are pretty generally steady smokers . . .
And, as anyone who smokes Camels will
tell you, you can smoke as many of these
cigarettes as you want—and never have a
“cigaretty”aftertaste. The last cigarette at
night tastes as good as the ﬁrst in the
morning, if you smoke Camels.

Try a package of Camels today. . . Enjoy
the superior ﬂavor of their costlier tobaccos.
If you are a steady smoker you will appre-
ciate the fact that Camels never get on
your nerves, never tire your taste.

 

DIE: Nice drive! Have
a Camel. They're
milder, you know. _

SHE. Thanks, lwill! I've
smoked them for
years. I know they
taste better. And it
is the one cigarette
that never gets on
my nerves; \

\_ é" , _
‘7 "a \

am, /

9/

  

IT 1g MORE run To Know

Camels aromatic from ﬁno'r, MORE
EXPENSIVE tobacco: than any other 
popular brand. You will ﬁnd Camels
rich in ﬂavor and delightfully mild.

   
 

I
MIICHLISS
ILEI D

0808

t'ulurrismv um.
It, J. nsynulds ’l‘ubsueu Cumusw

 

