COLD FEET? Even down in Georgia the pools aren't particularly warm this time of the year.
But these Agnes Scott College co-eds don't seem to mind. They are shown on Kid's Day. an
annual event when students dress as children.

KING WINTER PAINTS an entrancing portrait of the Rogers
Memorial Gateway at Christian College. This stately monument is
built of Bedford stone in the form of a triple gateway connected by
a stone wall. The architecture is Tudor-Gothic.
'ee‘ ﬂail“ ' ‘

T H R E E T I M E S
Miss Ellen Hopkins
(at right) has been
chosen by the stu-
dents of Ohio Wes-
leyan University to
rule them as queen.

GUEST OF HONOR
at the University of
Iowa alumni meeting
in New York City
was President Walter
A. Jessup. of t h e
Iowa institution. He
is shown at left with

a group of alumni.
Wih World Photo

GOLD-PANNING CLASSES have
been established by Prof. Oscar A.
Dingman of the Montana School of
Mines. Below the professor is de~
livering his out—door lecture.

A CEMETERY WITHOUT CORPSES has

been established by Prof. R. L. Dowdell of

the University of Minnesota. To test the

effect of soil corrosion, he has buried 1.000

pieces of metal used in funeral merchandise. -

Here are two views of his experiment. '
a”.

ST ATIONERY—‘1°°

Order Now lor Xmu

Nu y 'enonll Git
Handsome monogram or mmc and Id-
dreu printed in blue or black ink on a high

ade vellum-ﬁnish pu r and envrlopt.
ideal as l personal hritlmu gilt for
your friends and jun the paper you
[or your own use. .

I00 sheets v Hold - and mo envelopes

N
ISO sheets ~ 2 {old - and Ill) envelopes
Packed in a beautqu Gilt Box
for “.00
Please apecify site you Cl“  whether
~ I - 7v , - » . “GOOD NEWS FOR THE VILEST mom or human tddrtuudewed.
EGYPTIAN BORN, these nine Monmouth College students are all the sons and daughters OF MEN" is the title of the John Sm“ “"h‘" m ‘h‘ u‘ 5‘
of Monmouth graduates who are serving as teachers or missionaries in Egypt. There is Bunyan volume being examined by It. Mentor-y Stationary Co.
in existence an alumni club called Monmouth in Egypt, and now a student club called Miss Alta E.]¢nkins,Bak¢r University “Mm”, . I , winnmi.
Egypt in Monmouth. coed. '

 

