i ' i ' a

AN OLD ROCKNE PLAY OutWItted Notre Dame's befuddled second-string team to score FIGHT, MEN. F IGHT—another of your sacred jobs has been assumed by a member of the fairer sex. Above is shown Miss Irene T THE “MAN IN THE IRON MASK" comes to life—on the gridiron. Spectators at. the George
e were awed a bit when they saw Don Bomba

a touchd0wn in the second play of the game. The rest of the afternoon the Carnegie Tech 0‘ the bOYS' football team 0f ihe Junior Mixed 501100l in London She attnds all of the matches and gives them daily practice and instruction. Washington University“Alabama Polytech gam
in an iron mask. He is shown plunging through

men layed the regulars to a standstill. with th d' . ‘
beingpthrown for a loss. e vet m 7—0 Terebus 0f Tail: “ﬁbrin Phhere (iieorfgel Wazhililgtofn fulllback. appear on the ﬁeld
nem- can .w. m t e oytec me or a arge gain. International News Photo

MOST ATTRACTIVE, said Win- “ 5“ I . It ‘ I I ,. , .1 _ I I ’  l' a ‘ PROMINENT in student activities at

Cortland Normal School, Miss Mary Car-
penter has just been elected vice-presi-
dent of the student council of the New

York institution. 

chell, when he chose Miss Marjorie

. _ Kiser the most beautiful co-ed on

I A . .. Lg: ﬁle Ohio Statchampus. She is the
- u r  v ' omecomin ueen of the Buck-

MONOPOL‘IZING. student honors. Bob Michelet, Dartmouth's vet- eyes this regar-

eran guard. is 3 Phi Bete student as well as a football and track star.

He is also president of his class.

’ in“ ‘ .‘f w.  . ' t ‘ : ’ ~ ~ ' DICTAPHONES AND PHONETICS go togther at the University
.. t w H 7 '. _, ., I. of Utah. L. R. McKay is shown here teaching foreign language ‘
[til CAN BIB-DONE 'ahbened may” SHM‘I” "‘VVkW‘Newmn‘ ma . . , , :O'_ pronunciation and correct accent to Miss Margaret Buskirk by
W en he told student of Lasell Junior Cuilugr i‘ w ht had managed his City With ﬁnancial success even in means of dicta moms and an anammical chart
the days of the dcpres on. Wm WM, MW i ' Wm WM” PM”

:0:

ROYAL SWEETS at Illinois College included the six mo‘t l ' '

formed the suite for the most popular co-cd on the Jack;0iR/(iﬁ: 353:1??? iiiethfgfgrfbiimn Slasgf’ﬂnd they . UP IN SMOKE! Historic St. Joseph's College. founded by Pere Lelichvre in New Brunswick in 1864 was

They are shown here with the royal guards and the myﬂ] richsha men‘ I “ omewmmg QUCCH. ' ‘ . ‘ recently destroyed by ﬁre. The cruniplethwalhs of th administration building are here shown silhouetted
J V A U ’  _ I N against the new Wing of the college, built in 1932. which can be seen in ﬂames. WW Wu,” m",

i.

v

- b PERMAN ‘ ’l‘ RELIEF from aiirina pcctoris.
UI  RQMP” DAY m somclhi'm "cw {or “.16 “Hm ml she a disease OBENIIC heart. has been misurcd by the
~ nilvusity oi lennsylvaiua campus. In the morning the “WWW developnwnt of a new operation by 1) Elliott C.
hilifcnts were tagged [or continuous athletic cvtllth' i1“ “""ma‘m' Cutler of the Harvard University Medical School.
ltditli Crull is being tagged by Betty Brooks. “M, “W ‘ wm. WuiN no...

 

