 ER '

One Eye Westward . . .

Tomorrow Never Comes. By Wal-
ter Gilkyson. Sears Publishing
Company. Inc. $2.00. '

among certain aiithors to produce
plays and novels with a particular
view toward their ultimate adop-
tion as material for motion picture
production. Mr. Gilkyson’s novel
unquestionably has the situation
and characters most suitable for
use in scenario form. The Free-
monts are the people concerned.
Martin Freemont is a successful
young lawer about to begin a po-
litical career which is to see him
chosen as~the Republican candi-
date for Congress. His wife is the
daughter. oddly enough. of a
woman whose selection by the
Democratic party as candidate to
oppose Martin Freemont compli-
cates the novelist‘s plot to such an
estent that it needs the entrance
into the story of a complete gang-
land set-up to clear the way for
the eventual triumph of young
Freemont. .

The story has speed. tenseness
and a fair love interest centered
around the gradual accptance by
Catharine. Martin‘s wife. of his am-

bitions as a politician. The ac-;

the novel which is most interest-
ing. The evolution of the love of
Catharine for Martin and the les.
uning of her regard for her nith-
leas. sacrosant mother are both

- given to us convinein ly. The r-’ 

trait of the mother. orencs il-
let Carmichael, succeeds remark-
ably. She is a grasping. hypocrit-
ical woman, ca able of any actions
which might urther her own in-
terests. The helplessness of her
husband in the face of her "holy
crusade" is pathetic.

Were it not for the occasional
entrance into the novel of the ste-
reotyped melodrama we have seen
so often on the American screen.
Mr. Gilkyson's novel would ap-
proach high quality. His prose is
unﬂowered. simple and direct. It
has the matter of fact tempo of its
characters. Perhaps it is the most
suitable fashion in which to
achieve successful presentation of
middle class people. but it is not
even remotely capable of the en-
grossing effect of the style of Sin-
clair Lewis. Mr. Gilkyson has
made a great potential story for
Hollywood but he has sacriﬁed
quality in the attempt.‘ He is an
able writer. but he has obviously
created a story for a deﬁnite mar-
ket and his work is stamped with
all the limits and defects of that

’ HOCKEY‘IS THE SPORT OF EASTERN CO-EDS in the fall—while the men are ﬁghting

for the glory of their alma mater on the gridiron the women are battling on. the hockey ﬁeld.
Above is shown the hockey team of the Beaver College which recently opened its season against
the hockey team of New York University. wide w...” vim

count of her growing faith in theimarket. He givesa shallow result
ability and justiﬁcation of her hus-‘where he had an opportunity to
band is excellently conveyed to us create several characters of more
by the author. It is this phase of than passing interest.

T R E E S A R E T H E
H O B B Y of President
E d w i n L. Stephens of
Southwestern Louisiana
Institute. At the right is
the Robert Martin a a k
which he planted in 1901
in honor of the founder of
the institution.

AN ICE BREAKER is Miss Jane
Woodward, c h a i r m a n of the Ice
Breaker Ball at Ohio State University.

_®__

NEW DORMITORY AT DENVER SCHOOL COSTS $275.000—Footc Hall at the Colorado Woman's, College
has just been completed, while at the right is a View of Treat Hall as seen from the new structure.

THE ROYAL HOUSEPARTY—The faculty and the freshman class of Converse College are shown as they assembled in the
main lobby of Wilson Hall on the campus of the Spartanburg. S. C.. institution for the annual reception given by the faculty.
Dr. E. M. Gwathmcy. president of the college, and Mrs. Gwathmey are the King and Queen of the function.

0

 

 

