 

SCIENTISTS AID GOVERNMENT

Outstanding university winners and scientills were called by President Roosevelt to sit as members of the Nltional Research Council's Science
if ' ' ' with scientiﬁc problems which have been brought by the new era in American develo ment. Left t0 rig‘l”,

Advuory Board, create

 

   

seated: owman. chairman of ational Research Council: Earl . Qomplon, president, Massachusetts institute of ‘echnolosy: W. .
Campbell esident, National Academy ol SCienceI; John C. Merriam, president, Csrnegir institute 01 Washington. Standlng. left to right:

. . n. director, Norman Bridge Laboratory of Physics; C. K. Leith. University of Wisconsin; Frank B. Jewett, president. Bell Telephone
Laborrtoriu. ,

  
    
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
    
    

The unique Oirev now on exhibition at the Franklin lnllitule, Philadelphia. was
built by Michael emllucv of Munich Germany. ll contains a miniature solar sys-
tcm within I [lull ﬁluhc live Ieet in diameter, and shows the enerll rollliun oi the
muvmg planet: to t u: stars beyond and the relative speed. a the planets and tholr
muons are currently shown.

Wldr Wuan l'lmlu

The (Jug enhcun (iiiulua’c School of Aeronautics at the Culiiulniu institute of Tech-
ualogy, tandem, is now ein used In: the higher education: 01 my»! aviators.
Alluvc ll shown a [roll of lch madustcs oi the Anna 0 is Naval Academy watching
the leaclwn at a mode plane in the huge Caltccli wont «urinal now in use [or lsstlng
new Navy lighting plsnu.

Wide Wollll I‘llulu

(53

 

KlYltBn: View Photo

 

out: the tail ' L
r _ to students. _III In .
similar to the elvlllu conservation corn.

 

THE BOOK OF THE WEEK

 

Comic Bohemia...

The Fault of Angels.
per 8: Brothers. $2.50

This year's Harper Prize Novel is a light and
genial comedy, an odd but able successor to the
volumes that have preceded it in the past ﬁve
years. Its theme is built around a group of
literary and musical esthetes living against the
background of a middle sizcd American City
whose richest citizen is determined to make cul-
ture bow before the magic of his check book.
With deft satire Paul Horgan builds up his
comed , avoiding a direct treatment of the rela-
tion 0 the artist to American society, content—
ing himself with the presentation of thl.'_chﬂr-
actors in their strange and self-contained world.

Rochester, New York, is the thinly disguised
background of the story, and the late George
Eastman is suggested in the character of Henry
Ganson, whose fortune is the magnet which has
drawn together most of the characters of the
boolr. Paul Horgan can write of this with au-
thority, for he studied at the Eastman School
of Music, and spent three years as painter and
scene designer with the Rochester American
Opera company. However, the relations to
reality are of slight account in this novel, for
it moves along’ with a cheerful disregard for the
exactltudcs o reality, either in character or in
background. The art of overstatemcnt is a ﬁne
one, but, for the most part, the author has mas-
tered it, and has succeeded in giving life and
color to a set of characters who are absurdly un-
real in many ways
As the book opc

By Paul Horgan. Har-

hi: the art world of Dorchos-

     

 

tor has attained its maximum degree of stabil-
ity and balance, but with the advent of Nina,
wife of the newly hired Russian conductor, all
semblance of order vanishes. Possessed of amv
bition. which Alexander Pope has called “the
fault of angels and of fools", Nina sets out.
girded in the impenetrable armor of simplicity,
to do battle with the worldly elements of Dar-
chester life. For Nina there are no small be-
ginnings; the omnipotent Mr. Ganson is the ob-
ject of her first seige, for she contemplates mak-
ing of him an American Tolstoi whose message.
backed by the authority of his bank balance,
shall go ringing through the wilderness of ma-
rerialism.

Weeping, smiling, pleading she disarranges
the lives of thLl whole artistic melange in Dar-
chcstcr. Charmineg she steps into their love
sﬁairs. sweetly she drags out the skeletons in
their closets, ruthlessly she upsets the even
tenor of their ways, and when she leaves her
friends are many, though she converts few.

Nina is undou tcdly the ablesr portrait in the
book. though there are many others who are
drawn with ﬁne skill, for Paul Horgan is adept
at ﬁnding the hrase or the gesture that can
neatly sum up t e externals of character. Per-
haps the chief fault of the book lies in the fact
that it is so exclusively devoted to the exteriors
and surfaces of the scene. Brightly, even bril-
liantly painted. the personages of The Fault of
Angels lack depth and warmth. and are some-
times dangerously close to caricature. How-
ever, this ﬂaw is more than compensated for by
the many moments of high comedy that en-
liven the pages of the book.

 

