 

 

 

s

Page 2

State College News

Established by the Class of l9"!

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
State College for Teachers

 

THE NEWS STAFF

ALVINA R. LEWIS. . .. .. . . ., . , . . Editor-in-t'hi‘qf
Y. W. C. A. House. 2ft? Ontario Street. 2-llR7

 

BERNARD S. KERBEL.. .. . Managing [Editor

7.05 Elk Street

 

MARY DOHERTY . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . Finance Manager
Chi Sigma Theta. 67H Madison Avenue, 2«6!2(n

 

 

JEAN CRAIGMILE.. . . . . .. .. .Advcm'ring illmiager
Phi Delta. .10 South Allen Street. 2-08.36

 

MARION HOWARD.... . ./ls.mcinte Managing Editor
160 Western Avenue. 3-6035

Lanna STYN. .Slaﬁ‘ Director
Y. W. C. A. House, Zl'} Ontario Street. 2-l IE7

 

 

SENIOR Assocm' . Forrons: Harriet Dunn and Ruth
Putnam. Jumon Assocmrc Eorrons: Alinira Russ,
Elizabeth Salcse, Bessie Stetkar, Thelma Smith, and
Kathryn Wilkins. DESK Eon‘ons: Ruth Brooks, Valen-
tine Reutowich, Dun Van [.etivan, and Ruth \‘Villlillilél,
sophomores. RIEI’ORTIERS: Luisa lglesias, Rose Kuntor,
Carolyn Kraniers, l'lilda Smith, and liditb 'I‘epper,
seniors; Celia Bishop, Diane liochner, Hilda llooltheim,
Beatrice Coe, Marion Nlleczek, Rose Rosenheck, and
Elizabeth Zuend. juniors; Florence Ellen, Bessie Hartman,
Hilda Hcines, Iimily l-lurlliut, Olga llyru, Aniia Koren,
and Esther Rowland, sophomores. SPORTS EDITUR:
Thomas Ryan, '34. Assts'rix'r FINANCE MANAGER;
Katherine Hang, RH. t'incc \'l‘li).\’ MAM. . Jean
Watkins, ’33. lit'srx .‘ l-‘ . Beatrice liiirns, .\lildred
Facer, Iidith (iarrison, Frances Maxwell, lilizabcth
l’remer, Alma Quimby, julin Riel, and Margaret, Wals-
worth, sophomores.

 

   

 

 

Published every Friday in the College year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, 8.1.23 per year, single copies, ten cents.
Deli\ercd anywhere in the lillilctl States. lintcred .is
second class matter at postofficc, Albany, .\'. V,

The Nun‘s does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers' names are left with the lidiior-
in~Chief of the N w»: Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The Nicws does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

l“. \\’ii.i.i\\i-; & Sos, Inca, Aiiqu, N. Y.

Pain :0 My (f

   

Vol. XVII, No. .\l.iy 5, W.” Albany, .\f. Y.

Tl'll': SENIOR (lll‘iT

The senior class fins announced its class gift to the
College in the form of a memorial fund to purchase books
for the Gideon llnwley library. The interest from the
fund will be used each year to buy books for the library
which otherwise might not have been purchased, because
of the limited budget of the library and the necessity
for keeping the course .llltl reference books completely
up to date. It is right anil fitting that the year which
marks the graduation of the class of 1‘)” from the College
should also mark the ilcdiCotion of the new llziivley li-
brary, and that the class should choose to make its
traditional gift in this form.

l'rcvious gifts have included such items as memorial
stained glass windows, equipment for the Lounge, pictures,
placqucs, and the clock in the Page hall tower. The
establishing of such a book fund as the lit 5 of l‘).ii con-
templates will providc a lasting, perpetual monument
to the memory of the class. The books which will be
bought from this fund will bi: marked with n special
book‘plate of the class The l‘lH moiiiorial books will
live forever.

 

MASI‘U'I‘ IlllN'l'

Sunday night at midnight the mascot hunt will begin,
and each night next week will sci- hordes of .iiiibitious
freshmen scurrying to and fro Ill llll‘ yvai'fy scan-h for
the sophomore mascol, Someone tllll’t‘ remarked that it
wasn't until the Witch for mam-oi hunt .iirivcd ill.il ihi:
BCll()t)l mall/.cd the i'oult-iil of lift: livsbinaii i’ldnﬁ, and
the pop and enthusiasm they had sioiivd away all you,
Certainly it is a week when om: learns Io know .ill the
crooks and crannies of the (Iolluge buildings, to know
onc's own i'lassiiiates, .iiid lo realm: some of the lini-
fun and friendship in the iiv.ilry evoois lit:lW\!|.'l| lln'
freshman and sophomore classes.

liven if the mascot is not found, the “(wk is valuable
in many ways. It is not often ilial .i thiss finds the
rniiscot, l'UI' three years freshmen have searched, .on
in ain, as for as discovering the lllillll,,’ place of flu:

 

emblem, but surely they will .ill .igrc. ih ii the discover .s
of other moru valuiblc things niidc niiscol huiii Wool;
an event they will never forget.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 5, 1933

“Strangeness Is a Necessity in Poetry,”
Says Edwin Markham, American Poet.

TRADITION CHANGES

The proposed changes in the tradition and inter-class
rivalry rules which will be voted upon today in the stu-
dent assembly deserve the careful thought and consid-
eration of every member of the student body. Such
changes will iissume a more or less permanence in the
history of the College student activity, and should there-
fore he discussed and decided intelligently without any
attempts at grandstand play or dry and unresponsive
humor. It is imperative that the question he decided
this week in order that the regular Moving-Up Day
activities may be scheduled and organized for the proper
times.

Because of the belief on the part of the College physi-
cians and of the Administration that the pole-rush nnd
the tug-of—war are too strenuous and too injurious activ-
ities, it has been suggested. that a push-ball Contest be
substituted for the pole-rush, and a program of track
events for the tug-of— 'zir. It is not the purpose of this
article to influence any one in any way. It is merely
to make each student realize the importance of the ques-
tion, the history of the situation, and the necessity for
prompt and careful consideration and decision upon this
matter.

' ('umoti/s. Book
l.ll-‘l

‘  Riisi; l\.\llLY ~:
, I To l'Oli‘l‘lC Li..ch

 

 

As the earth turns. By Gladys Hasty Carroll. Mac-
millan. $2.50. 330 pages.

“As the earth turns is :in intimate, delightful study
of New lingluuil. As a story it holds its charm page
by page to the end." So writes William Allen “bite.
in n pro-view of this newest of the Macmillan publica-
tions. This novel, in its simplicity of setting, is thor-
oughly an American novel, and takes the Show family
through a year in their life, a life which is entirely dc-
pendciit upon the soil for existence. It is one of the best
of the spring crop of books, and will probably meet with
approval on all sides.

In this our: year the Slinws' experience birth, death,
5 for our: of

 

marriage, revolt within the family, suc
the sons in the outside world, and the coming of foreign
neighbors to mingle their w and blood with the native
Yankee. The book is divided into five sections, Winter,
Spring, Summer, hall, and Winter again. and us the year
rolls around the life of each Shaw becomes an inilivdnah
story of interest for the reader. lhc author is t‘.t)llSISt~
ently line in her characterization, illlll she has a distinct
zest for living which gives each sentence warmth .iiid
iower.

\Vhile writes: "Here are courage with humor, purpose

 

 

 

without cant, idealism mixed willi practi il common
sense. The characters in the story dramatize the full-

damentnl virtues of Aiiicricn and yet live and shine as
mmnu being . ll isvr and there is no other word which
exactly desciibes its a beautiful book."

(‘onstance Lindsay Skinner has said of the book- 7
"The conception of this book is poetry, and lifts to the
plane of poetry :ill the minutiae of daily life in a family
of uupoctic individuals. I bear the symphony of ibe
earth .is the themes unite in a big, slow, inevitable rhythm
of the seasons. There is, to m sense, great beauty '
this. . . lint I am still most impressed by the moi.-
nitude and beauty of the theme, the idea of human lives
moving on, and with, the soil in that vast, unbroken
rhyllim of the seasons, and by the quietly powerful,
sure touch with which it has been handled.”

communion

f)iir wonder has been aroused by the manner in which

 

 

 

the discussion of the polcrrush was conducted in assum- 1 km“, Sm“ I'm“ durum“ Melcski’
lllL'l'tf was something curiously queer 5mm, n.1, 0.3;
about nllintiiig us to talk about the rush for half an hour, leafed Aurenoll. Seth Low. “of,

bly last l-‘riday.

before “suggesting gently" that there would be no pole-
riish this year in any case since the .\diiiiuisir.ition is
opposed to it.

Our only purpose is to cncollrngi: .i dircitt statement
of the Administration's opinion. The position of the
l’rcsideiit certainly insures n respect for his wishes,
our position .is .i student body makes his opinions highly
important to us, especially concerning our student affairs.
l’crsonally, we believe that the Administration could, if
it wished, go straight to the assembly and secure a whole
would have

.iiid

hearted (C(Ptlllttl'itllllll from that liUll)‘. it
seemed logical and helpful to know what lht: l'resiilem
thinks of the [lochl‘lISlL for, after all, he is more aware
of and sensitive to the repcicussimis of our activities in
the more or less outside world than we who ll\L' .ilmusi
uiilircly in the l'ollege.

We sincerely hope that the discussion scheduled for
today will i'li..ir up our t’ulllllhlnll: llldl either the Aih
ministration oi' the two gentlemen who evidently felt
.iiiiluni/i-d to state the Ailinniisiiaiion's attitude will
«\pfaiii opi-iifv what was hinted in be hiding behind the
situation.

l‘he resolutions proposed by .\lysk.iui.i making [lll‘nt'lll
sophomore rules i'olli ie ll.iilllliii|5 seem to us to tltfhtfl\t‘
.iilopiiini_liy 1hr . |'|.tll|l|l l‘hci'ie .ll'l' two reason». for
our opinion: ill l'll'nllllll‘ll umd oilii-i classroom “I”
have more ii-spi-ii loi li.idil|oii than for (llllll't'ﬁnlllll by
the hated sophoiuoii-s. l‘lii: rulire school will i'i'nsuii-
lll’llllitlllllllfc insivid of just .i i'l is of one )‘tHl-lt‘lllth'll'

 

   

7}

 
  

 

linen. i .1 i
forcing of llll‘ iiili-s \I 'dltld, .is lhi: guardian of Ira-
ditiou, and judging by past performaurns, Wlll have more
l‘illlll'lil over ill: li-dii'nl freshmen. We have IIUVI‘I' si n
.i genuine iziiioiiimiitiit bv llll' sophomore class; we have
heard of tri-sliini-ii boiiigi illi-d llt‘lllll‘ \fvsknnia foi using

 

.1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l‘hcic will be less inefficiency in the (‘II-

“Poetry is the expression of unfa-
miliar beauty of the world; beauty
which is the smile upon the face of
truth,” stated Edwin Markham, the
dean of American poets, n a lecture
in the page hall auditorium last Thurs‘
day night.

This deﬁnition of poetry came at
the end of a discussion on the sub-
stance of poetry. Markham proffered
deﬁnitions from the ancients. Zoras-
tor, the Persian prophet, stated that
"the poet is a man who makes appar-
ent the other parent." [t is the poet
who comes to explain the hidden Il'ly5A
tery~”the meaning of things as the
angels see them." Aristotle's defini-
tion closely follows that of Zoraster.
for it states that an artist is a man who
completes the incomplete designs of
nature. “There is no great beauty or
wonder without strangeness," stated
Lord Byron. "It is this that a poet
must reveal."

More modern writers such as Coler—
idge and [Edgar Allen Poe believed
that poetry was the illumination in the
case of science. The lack of strange
ness would be noticeable to such an
extent that the poem written would
not. be classed as a good poem. l’oetry
comes out of feeling; thought has to
do with prose.

Markham closed his discussion with

 

the following statement: “.\ poet is
forever young and speaks the immor-
tal tongue. He turns the whole unis
verse into a song, but he is not il true
poet if his sole purpose is to teach.
Above all things. he must inspire.
A gnllniit gentleman with flowing
ubite hair, Markham next turned to
his own poems. lirom the pile of
books before him he chose to recite
several quolraiiis and .i poem to his
son Vergil. He also read the prize
poem, “Lincoln, the .\laii of the l‘co-
do," which was first read in 1011 in
front of the Lincoln \Icmorial in

TENNIS VARSITY
TO MEET R. P. I.
THIS AFTERNOON

llv 'l‘uoiias va, .x
\‘\

 

Sports Editor.
l-‘rcsh from its first victory of the
season over the Seth f.o\v netmen, the
l'ilrplc zinil (lold tennis team will
attempt to add two more victories in
its list when it meets R. l'. I. this
afternoon :it Ridgolicld l’nrk, .iiid
lamiltnn college \\"ednesday after-
noon on the Hamilton courts.

The same six men which defeated
Seth Low 5»-l at Ridgeliclil l‘ark last
Saturday morning will probably op-
pose R l’. l. in the five singles and
two doubles matches.

lirank lliiidmcyer, 'ib, will be :m
crnute on the regular team, rou-
(ing of (Liptnin Vincent .\leleski,
( irl 'l'nrbox, lirovcr llotailing, liordon
llngbcs, Anthony Srolm :iml Sanford
Livingston. William llnviilge, '55, is
managing tennis this spring.

The following is a resume of the
match last Saturday morning which
State took from the rival Seth .ow
netmen 5-4: Singles: llotaliiig, State.
defeated \\'ollm.in, 75, 0-1; Living-
ston, State, defeated Marl )oimld, Seth
)\\', 0-1, (1-5; |.eliiiinn, Seth Low,
feuth 'l‘nrbox, State. (1-3, 0-3; Melli-

ult

 

 

 

l.l
do
lliighcs, State, ile-
in!
Allard, Slate, defeated l)ll)ll§, Seth
l.ow, o-l, .i-f), S-b lioublcs: \\';il|m.iii,
and Lehman, Seth Low, defeated l.iv-
in'stnu and 'l'arbox, State, o-l, .i—(
‘l- ; Moinhai'dt and .\l.ii:l)on.ild, Seth
|,ow. dcfcnii-il llofaling and Hughes.
Stiite; .iiid \leloski .iiiil Srulm, Slnic,
ilelentod llildis and Solomon, Si'lh
Low, .i-o, (1-1, (M.

 

Calendar
Today
11.1” .i. in Student .issi-mbly,
aiiiliioriniii, l’ngw hull,
5:10 p. Ill, Alt't'l .il l'nion
slalioii to go on (i. \
weekend at (limp Joliii<

slim.

9.00 p. lll. liiIi-rsorority flail,
.\urnni.i f liib, South .\lli-n
sli‘t't'l.

Tomorrow
8 .lll p m Spring lioosi- llilllt‘U:
.it siniinh boiisi-s.
Sunday
I! (flip, m \lil‘t'ltl hunt bvgmn.
Tuesday
.i ill p or. lircshniaii dinin'r,
l‘oIIi-gc vain-(Mm, lliisli‘d
hall.
Thursday

7 if) p. lll. Alitlllt'llltlllt‘b club
moi-ling, room 20, Richard
son Iinll.

815 p. in. Spring (’horal rou-
irori, t ll.|IIt‘.t‘llm"ﬁ hall,

Washington, D. C,. "The Man with
the Hoe," written in protest against
drudgery, marked the peak of all his
readings. It was this poemnvhich
first brought the poet ipto prominence.

Markham was presented under the
joint ntispieces of the Young Men's
and Young Women's Christian Asso-
ciations. A graduate of the State
Normal at San José, California, this
poet passed through the stages of be-
ing a romantic young schoolmaster,
the principal of a school and a journal-
l'le recounted inniiy humorous
incidents which seem to have cropped
up so plentifnlly during his lifetime.

A reception, sponsored by the Ed-
ward lildred l’otter Club, was cori-
ducted in the lounge of Richardson
hall. Those who attended were priv-
ileged to hear Markhnm's viewpoints
on various subjects. Among these
were "Emerson," “Edgar Allen Poe,"
“red lips," “smoking by women" and
“teaching poetry." The last subject
is to be contained in a future publica-
tion which will be entitled “Plain
talks on Puetrv.”

At present his most recent publica~
tion is "Eighty Songs of fill.” This
was issued last year by his friends in
New York to commemorate his eighti—
cth birthday.

BOARD ANNOUNCES
NEWS TABULATION

Editorial, Advertising,
Feature Material Total
5,106 Inches

5.
n

News, and

five thousand one hundred and six
inches of nous, editoriii .iild adver-
tisiiig copy have been printed in the
twenty issues of the Sru‘it (‘iiLLl
News, ilt‘f'fll'tllllg lo a tabulation coni-
piied by the News board. (if this
total, 3,542 inches were devoted to
editorials, book reviews, features, and

 

 

straight nous stories, while 1,564
niches iicrc composed of advertising
coo

   

Alvinn Lewis, 'H cilitorein-chicl‘,
heads the list of 1». contributors
with 700 inches. llc iurd Kerbcl, '33,
managing editor, rates second, with
.iU-f inches. Thomas Ryan, '.l l, sports
editor, is third on the list, with .280
inches. l..iiirn Styn, '33, staff di»
I'l't‘lt)l', .iiid .\l.ii‘ion Howard, '.H, asso<
riale managing editor, have contrib—
uted 245 and H0 inches, respectively.

The tabulation, as listed below, in-
cludes a runner. ion of inches of
stori s for which reporters have failed
to sign. The News has also reprinted
various articles from the Intercollegi-
nte l’rcss bulletins. The following
includes the complete tabulation of
inches as recorded in the News files:

    
 

 

 

  

 

    

        

Alum-i Iyiirhirr
vino in iii if 71M)

Hirimol l\ll ’i tori
ll|4l|llt\l{\1lll ll '81:
Laura Slyli, ‘ff . .'-l5
l\l.|l’l-lll llil\\.l|ll, ‘i-l J-lfl
l).in \' ii ‘ van, '33 if!)
\lIlIili '(ll~\ llf)
lliulirm Sn . 'll I'll
tllll low 'H In!

“lllllt‘l fliinii, 'il , lll
Riilfi Williams, ‘li Ul
l'iiyigiii-i PH
l'l Il'HHr'I ‘ll
l'ilm lllxllilll '(l .‘I
llis'slr' sit-inn, 'li 7!
lirllllllt'i|l\l.tlll .‘il
Katln‘ini.‘ “'llkllli, 'H on
l‘.l47lt'l|it' ‘lllll, ‘ i 'i‘l
\Idlr'lllllli‘ l{r'tllii\\|ill h M
' ilda ll lt ' i3
l7

H

H

H

lbw ll\'ld. l) I}
l‘.illlii Ironclad, ‘ii Jo
i. m..- in 'ii H
\uim but-ii, J'
I‘Ili/nlirili Salt-x 'l
1')

l Hi

Ill

IS

If

t in
. ‘l
r v. .4
llllllni Ho l‘ll“v‘i l'll
.\il\illln‘lllillli it‘ioi
liilai illlo

Distribution of Class
Rings to Begin May 15

flisliilnuion of pinior class rings
\\|ll bi- conducted in the rotunda of
llr.ipcr ball during the week beginning
May 15, Kathryn Wilkins, chairman
of the committee, announced today.

ll\t‘.| Hf) rings were ordered this
your, Miss \Villtiiis i‘epoitcil. The bnlv
.lllt‘U which is due for the payment of
each run; must be paid when the ring
is ri'r‘i-ivi-il.

l"fll‘|lICl' (il‘tlt‘ls loi lull rings will be
taken next you If a sufficient number

 

\\'.ishiiig|oii an-nuc,

 

 

the front dooi .il lb.ipi~i‘ lllll

of people are inieii'sled in securing
lrings at that lllllt‘.

 

