 

 

 ,, auaaulin a! , V -
Anlleallellu mum-u mall . r “ ' Ann“... 1.. and... lap-
- amen mum um Cliklle.  m tank: :5, ml, by in n.
lllllda. pale-u. ” I manila
. a -

Will; I l the h I If th AIIDCIATID COLLIIIIA‘I'I I I of til N. P.A..l t
' a." n M (1“ "Mum aural] luau. Iallm. wiﬂmﬂli‘" . t n"

10! 0. IOWIIWIII. Ileana
FREDERICK 1. non. utter OIIHAID DECKER. clreulallon llr.

- suaaeanvrrou urea: One year I- the U. S. and penal-Iona 76 eanlal elm-tun OIM. Ila-ale ea» 6 canta.

  
    
  
 
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
  
  

 

 

 

FROM ONE LINE TO ANOTHER
From an: line to another, reziatratian ia one round of
signing card: and ﬁlling out hlanka—and of course
meeting new and old friends. Here we have reliatra-
tion acenea as students returned to the campuaea of
the Univeraity of Minnesota and Purdue Univeraity.
Theae lamiliar scenea were duplicated on every cam-
pua in the United States this month when many thoua-
anda ol atudenta returned to colleges and univeraitiea
to continue their higher education. Many aida were
given students by the institutiona so that many were
enabled to return who would have been forced to stay
at home this yeari '

 

When Roy Engle, captain ol the University of Pennsylvania football team, led his teammates
to the gridiron thia month he was in the pink of condition, for he kept in training all sumrne: ‘
Jaiinx electric conduit: in Philadelphia The photo shows Engle at work on a particularly tuug'
)o t

 

Wide World Pét '

IE)
1%

It would almost appear that Vincent

izue, Villanova College's star
tackle, were detying the laws ul
gravity as he ﬂies throu h the air in
a diving tackle,-—-—particu uriy as Vin-
cent tips the beam at a paltry 200

international New! I’tlulu

 

STADIUM NOW A DORMITORV
Ohm Bible Univeraity “Hill” has it: tint men's riolmitmy in 30 years.
and for the fruit time in hiatury a atarhum in being met! an a Iomnmﬂ
huuae, [or 75 lreahmen and upferclaaainlen have )‘uut moved into thin tower
in the Ohio State atarllum, he dormitory ia a cooperative Venture [DI
the atudenta, wtth room rates gm: dollar it): [2 wecka, and board $2.50

 

70‘

The luncua blue atone ol the Shenandoah Valle; ia used here u the tort-

tau at three membara at the Vir Il'lll Htate eachera College archery

. ca: atutlenta excel in are ery. and take this court: u training

lor comics that they will teach their studenta when they become teachert.
Marin. Ualluway Phylu

