 

. . resettlem- we - i .

"‘uv‘qu-t-ﬂtil

l «11".:4-1- .g -m-..

muwinlattigw. 

    

mes-4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1943

 

7/2 6d 3m

    

Bert Kiley

 

The reason there was no dancing course, that lucre we had on Gene’s
in the Commons last Wednesday is nose made the whole thing more
that the “Big Ten" borrowed the enjoyable.

records (without asking) and ne-
glected to return them.

Be the 0-3

“Well, the Oat-Bin has arrived.” football.

Basketball Hazy

Somehow, we can’t seem to recall

IM basketball scenes as well as the

Perhaps it is that the

We were parodied last week—or don’t games weren‘t played at such con—
you read the letters to the editor? venient times as the other; perhaps
We regret the anonimity of the it is that, due to the loss of talent
author—we do so love to meet clever to the varsity, the games just weren’t

people.

Assuming that the satirist so good. There was that very good

must have read the vile thing, we College House outfit of 1940-41 that
now need two hands to total our was big. Quinn and Benton were

readers on.

hard boys to get that apple away

Little complaints have been float- from. Next year College House calne
ing our way about the “occasional” up with two more big boys in the

digressions.

We were not aware person of Hanks Ruback and Wise.

that the realm of sports had so many Thosc poor little fellows from Potter

fanatic followers.
We Turn Backward

Club just couldn‘t get the ball from
file bankboard in the playoff games.

Since most of State's sports seem Ah Yes, The Varsity

to be in the past, thither we shall
turll our thoughts this week.

shall concentrate chiefly on the over with,

While on the subject of basket-

We ball we might as well get the varsity

In the memory of the

intramural variety. the Varsity not oldest inhabitants there have been

being a particularly bright topic.

two solid sessions on the Page boards

We remember the Squm'i‘ yal‘d of —thc will over Niagara in 1940 and
so of skin that Walt Gryzwacz left the ditto over St. Lawrence in '41.
on the Western Ave. sidewalk after we didn't see the first, but Ham-

being playfully “touched” ill
small of the back by Evans.

the inond did. so we have heard all about
it. The St. Lawrence miracle we did

That game, the Potter-SLS clash see and old By By Benton's and
last year was one of the most vicious- Moose Gerber-'5 last minute hooples
1y fought encounters we have wit- were beautiful. yes, beautiful. In
nessed 0n the Page field. The final fact. it was such a pleasant feeling
Score. Potter 7. SLS 6. was a 300d to win a game that we have often

indication of how things went.
was quite a game.

It wondered why we didn't try to win
more.

But more of that in a later

Last year. too. saw the job done co1umn,

on the cagy KB aggregation by the
Dorm's Walt Cummings.

In the world of softball, it seems

Playing to be pretty generally agreed that

center and alternatineg backing up the Pottel._Rambler playoff for the
the line and crashing. Cummings .42 cup was the best game ever may

murdered the KB blockers and was ed m the 1M league.

Seifert and

0“ big reason Why KB was never Sprowls turned in beautiful pitch-

a threat after the Dorm game.

ing performances and both were

And Of course there was the mm" backed up with almost sensational
dred dollar bone-crusher thrown on fielding.

Terry Smythe by Sussina.

In that terrific rivalry game in
1941, which the Sophs won 13-12,
the unforgetable memory is little
Stan Gipp gathering in Young’s tre-

The grads still talk about that

drive that Guarino parked over on
the old Cooper House lawn.

Well, we’ll pack away the mem-

mendous boomer over his head on ONES and stop Crying in 0U!‘ beer

the dead run and twisting his way OVEI‘ the g00d 01d days.

We’d like

back through the Strung out, Soph to hear what the old timers. ser-

defense for about thirty yards.
Way back in 1940, the freshmen
played the last of the great KDR
squads to a standstill, only to lose
by a close score. Rangy Bill Tucker
played quite a game that day for the
frosh against Gillen. Bull and com-
pany.
Snapshots

Other pictures pop into our mind
when we think of the football league:

‘. ,i .1 11d me seconm soggy condition of the Dorm field.
Ed cager cumm’ )L 1 r touchdown In spite of this end-of—the season let-

down, hockey has been a successful
Kit Hcrdman, prcsident
“the 1943

ary to snare Gravcs'

passes; Rcd Evans dodging the in-
coming linesmcn to get off a pass; . I.
the sensational running of Maxic 0f WAA: balm/Lb Ll“1t-

- “ha the meinr hockey season was the best one ill
Bmun Who pauc‘ E the history of WAA. Tile number

i all carr in' that is )ecul- .
‘2pr 01 b y L" I 1' girls participating has been amaz-

iarly adapted to our “two hands on 9

vice men. etc., have to offer on this
subject. Drop us a line.

 

WAA Head Lauds
Fall Hockey Turnout

Hockey has been effectively halt-
cd for the past few weeks by the

fall sport.

the rear" rules; the weary look that “iii-n

Bolo Marsland got after tllc first

couple of plays.

The savage blocking of Leo Grif—
fill. one of IM’s lnoi'o underrated
spiralling
punis; lllc bewildl-rcd look on ’l‘as- sclll-(liiil-d for lnsl.
solii’s facl- wilcn dcclal'cd “down'
fol just bring louclu-d; McCi'cary's bc

playcrs; Dickson's lollg

loilg posses
One of llil' illosl

i"‘llll(.llllt§ across llll' finish lllll‘

half slridr iilll‘ll(l oi lliii ’l‘uckcl' lil
chi-pslnkcs. ()1

last ycar’s lM

ll'uly gripping
.‘lcclllrs ill our illi-lnol‘y is (‘lcllc (inur-
illo, arms flailing. lllll'l‘l‘l chi-5.1 oiu.

’l’llc captains of hockey luch bccn
lryillg to arrange games with var—
ious girl's schools ill the vicinity. So
program has been dis-

A game with Skidillorc.
Saturday, was
if posslblr :l lllillcil will
Wl‘l‘k-l'llll.
liiisw'il Hilgl‘ wns lillllllll‘ lo lil‘l'l‘lll
Sl. Agni-l. \kiih :lhkl‘d
lo lilil'lll‘llhlll' in ii gilllli' bill .‘llii(‘l‘ ‘ I
lllllhl High Schools (ll) lull :illow girls , I“
in l‘llll'l' llllo burr-school coinpcli»
(lonbllul llllll Ilu-y \vlll

far, this
nppolill iilg.

ruincd oul.
ni'ruilgl-(l for ill-s1

llll' invitation.

lliiil. ll 1:.
llf'l'l‘lll

State Stars Lose
To Serviceman
O'Leary and Dickson

Provide Winning Drive

The football game originally
scheduled for last week between
the Service Stars and the State All
Stars. was forced indoors by inclem-
ent weather. The result was a hotly
contested basketball game. This
game proved to be the second time
this season that the Service men
emerged victorious. The final score
was 35-29.

The Service team, led by Hansen
and Dickson, assumed the lead early
in the game. The State Stars quickly
rallied around Dickinson in the
second period to gain a 17-15 lead
at mid-time. They increased this
lead in the third quarter, mainly
through the efforts of Tabner. In
the last quarter, the Service Stars
with O'Lcary at the helm came back
strongly to overcome State‘s lead
and go all to will 35-29.

The game was featured by tho
inability of boill teams to score any
foul points. In fact all but two of
file total points were scored from
the field. Most of O'Lcal'y’s points.
which sank the State Stars. came
when they failed to guard against a
fast break and he was able to sink
llle baskets from close ill.

O‘Leary, with Hansell and Dickson,
former captains. was high scorer
for the Service Stars while Dickin—
son and Tabner starred for the
losers.

This is the second time that the
State men have lost to the former
State men who are now working
for Uncle Sam.

State Stars Service Star

   

 

I‘abner ............. .. 8 Hanson  10
Dickinson .... .. 8 Dickson . 10
Hammond .. 5 Smyth . 4
Fancher .......... .. 4 O’Leary . 11
Lidebotham 4 Tucker 0
Kiley 0

Bowling Begins Monday

Because of the unusual interest
shown ill bowling this year, some
of the women’s Physical Education
classes will be turned over to this
purpose. Miss Johnston feels that
the girls will be given the opportunity
to learn a worthwhile sport and
adds encouragingly—“It's good for
reducing the waistline too."

WAA Ollicc Moved

The WAA office. which was for-
merly located above the gym in Miss
Johnston's office has been moved to
Coach Hatfield's former stronghold
at the opposite end of the gym.

 

Sayles Girls Make Passes
In True Nofre Dame Style

The Sayles Hall football team
is carrying on the tradition of
former athletic greats. Bruenig
has taken up where Bortnick
left off, Clarkie follows in Cum-
mings’ footsteps, while Ozzie and
DiRubbo make good doubles for
Gallakas and Chellemi.

Bridge had lost its appeal,
studying was out of the question
Oil a Saturday. no one was sleepy.
so when Serabiall suggested a
football game, everyone agreed.
Bruenig, Dann and Serabiall
really conquered Clark, Daly, Roe
and Mills to the tune of 30-16.

The movement has grown until
now the Sayles Hall footbal game
is the attraction of Saturday
afternoons. However. Rita Daly,
captain. wants competition! She
promises to take 01] all challen-
gci's.

 

 

 

Sports Program
Nears Completion

As the fall season draws to a
close, WAA reports that it has bccn
all unusually successful one. How-
cvcr, all lllosc who still wish lo ob-
laill crcdit points ill hockey. archery.
or lcllllls have all opportunity to do
so as the season docs not officially
closc until the start of Thanksgiving
vacalion.

’l‘cll hours arc required before ally
credit is obtained ill a sport.

To date scvcn WAA members out
of fifty-seven who went out for
hockey have received credit. They
are: Mary Now, Mary Sanderson,
Eileen Shoup, Helen Burczak, Gloria
Baker, Ann Mastl‘angelo. and Betty
Margot.

In order to receive credit for ten—
llis, seven supervised and three un-
supervised hours are required. Those
who have received credit for botll
supervised and unsupervised hours
are: Flo Garfall, Peg Bostwick.
Eileen Shoup and Jo Simon. There
are six women who have credit for
three supervised hours: Doris Eger—
ton, Eleanor Durbeck, Catherine
Glavin, Mary Braithwaitc. Jane
Braitllwaite, and Helen Rankey. Jo
Simon. ’45, Captain, urges all those
who have ilot notified her of their
seven unsupervised hours of tennis
to please do so immediately. Also,
if there are any questions concern-
ing credit for tennis, Miss Simon
will be glad to answer them.

Up to this point no one has re—
ceived ten hours credit for archery.
Several people have eight or nine
hours credit and WAA wishes to re—
mind them that they still have a
few more weeks in which to obtain
the additional hours required.

81mm

Margo. Byrne

 

 

In accordance with the regret-
table telldeilcy of present day ad-
vertising to link up every little
thing with the war effort, the Sports
department last year formulated a
complicated argument, the sub-
stance of which was that it was un-
patriotic not to pay attention to
the WAA bulletin board. Our line
or reasoning was that the high
grade stccl ill the thumbtacks used
in suspending notices and posters
was just so nlucll wasted scrap
metal if our student body (lid not
cooperate ill reading the afore-
mentioned notices and posters. The
policy of the department this year
has not been changed. We reiterate

lake a daily glimpse at the bullcfi'lt
board.

She Also Serves

Apropos of all this, we feel it is
about time to call to your attention
one of those bcllilld-tllc-sccncs
\vorkcl's of WAA. Frances F‘cglcy,
’47 is one of tho unsung heroes—
shc's lllc poor soul who has charge
of lllilkillg‘ posters thankless job.
()ll the occasions when dilly has
fol'ccd us lo ilccpl. lllc responsi-
bility of turning out an eye-catching
[lli’l'l‘ of publicity. we have reflect-
cd that postcr milking must have
had its origin ill the Spanish Ill—
quisitloll. Willi feelings like this,
we hereby proclaim our desire to
award a handsome, shiny laurel
wreath to chlcy and her cohorts.
Mention of cohorts reminds us that
they are all too few. If, after the
terrific bliildilp we have given pub-
licity committees you are willing to
joill forces with F‘cgley, contact her

soon. Maybe someday you too
will bc given a lililrei wreath in the
News.

In the same line of endeavor,
spreading the word, Nora Gillvclli
slaves on WAA Flaslics as Editor-
in-cllicf. Incidentally a new issue
comes out soon, Kit Herdman tells
us.

We still look back to the super
edition of the WAA Handbook in
1941 with photography by Dr. Do-
Bell, glamour-action shots of Peter-
son, Sccsney. Haushaltcr, Holines—
sey, Smith and Sallie Beard.

’l‘hc It'luslics is a poor cousin in
comparison to the splendor of the
Handbook. but on the whole its
value is greater. The Handbook
made a magnificent appearance
once during the year the Flashes
are slated to appear approximately
once a month as a running account
of WAA's activities.

 

.\\ 
1  lv.“‘\l\i\ill\\\l

 

GEORGE. D. JEONEY. f‘llui'

 

DIAL. 5 l9l3

BOULEVARD GAFETEBIA

'l'ry (lur llusiilcssnliln‘s Lunch

IQB-WZOO CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY, N. Y.

Will s1; 1;"

 

 

 

. . . or [now to get along wit/9 folks

[law A] “Co/cc”, says the [Cllll'llL’tl soldier and his friendly gcsiurc is
understood iii Ncwpori or New Zculinld, an home or in fur-oil
plates. Around the world Loon-(.qu stands for [be/1111130 l/MI rc-
jrcl/Jcl, ——lllls lchonlc illc gesture of good will, saying Lcl'i bc/ricm/I.

liUilil-i) UNDER AUTHORITY of THE COCA COlA COMPANY liY

ALBAN Y (‘()(‘A-(‘()I.A

Have 21 Coca-Cola =What"s the good word?

  
   

iii/ruin j

(a.

l. lilll

llillllllf 
rill/l l l  iii

  

llll’l‘TlilNG (if).

    

 
 
  

 

@1943 The C-C Ca

   

ll'c nmnrul for no lului liulnco
to llizqulic friendly IllililCVlﬂ-
lilinn. 'lllill s why you hear
Coca-Cola culled "Colts".

1
\

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

 

. w, ~
 .leEl':.-l_i..r.~.-

.5’9‘3’.’ "tr-mg
, .. . m.»

9% ~ . ham or "TW’WW"
  : r. COLLEGE FOR T" 
ALBAN” 3-.7 ’

n‘

 ii if? ' -

News

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 12, 1943

VOL. XXVIII NO. 9

 

Students To List
Extra Activities
During Assembly

Resolution For Absentee
Voting to be Introduced

Dr. Elizabeth Morris, Professor of
Education, will ask each student
ill this morning‘s assembly to fill
out a sheet listing his extra-curricu-
lar activities for his college career.
Myskania will also introduce a
resolution which will provide for
absentee voting in Student Associa-
tion and class elections.

The information thus obtained
from these extra-curricular sheets
will be used ill answering inquiries
sent to Dr. Morris’ office concern-
illg the activities of students while
attending Slatc College. These ill-
quirics have come from military
authorities, government agencies,
business firms, and the FBI.
Requests Increase

Since the beginning of thc war
and especially during the past year,
requests for information about stil—
dcllls have been steadily increasing.
Ulllil [his your Dr. Moriis' officc
has bccll able to answer such letters
through information obtained from
the Nllws. This year. however, due
to llcl' dccrcuscd office staff, Dr,
Morris has found lllis impossible.
By having sludcllls lllcmsclvcs fill
out Illc i‘h’ll'll-Clli'l'lCllllll' ilctivily
silccl. it will be cilsicl' lo supply lllc
illforllliilioll rcqucstcd.

’I‘llcsc shccls will not only ask
aboul cxll'a-class activities but the
type of work bcillg done out of
school. It will also give the students
whose names have not been incli—
tioncd ill the Nlclvs. a chance to
describe lllc work they have done.

Dr. Morris states, “Tile increase
ill requests for information shows
that extra-class activities may be
instrunlcnlal in llclpillg a student
obtain a position. It is therefore
cssellliill that my office have an
accurate record of these activities."
Myskania Resolution

In order lo clarify the issue on
absentee voting mentioned in Assem—
bly a few wccks ago, Myskania will
illtrodiicc a resolution designed to
insure the vote of every person ilot
able to be ill Assembly on the elec-
tion days.

The resolution provides that ab-
sclllcc voters may cast their ballot
any time frolll 8:10 on Thursday
morning unlil 4:30 lilc following
Monday lll'lcrllooll. Ballots illiisl be
piilccd ill nil l'il\’(‘l()])l’ signed by the
WAN and his llouscillolllcr, parent.
or thc Dciul.

Tlll‘ full resolution follows:

Myskania llcsolvcs That All Ab-

r(.’unliilmil on l’uyl' 3/

Edmonds,

 

 

Newly-Designed Directory
Will Appear Next Week

The Directory will blossom
forth next week with a brand-
llcw cover designed by Fred
Shoemaker. '44. The 1250 copies
of the Directory will be on sale
for fifteen cents both in the Co-
op alld ill the lower hall of Dra-
per either VVedncsdny or 'l‘hurs-
day.

The excess llumbcr of copies
is for the students who have
signed up to write to men ill the
service. Each of these students
who have offered to dedicate a
portion of their time to all extra
correspondent in the service is
expected not only to buy a copy
for himself. but also one for the
person to whom he is writing.
This will eliminate the “I didn't
know your address" complaint
froln the men in the service.

The slight increase ill price is
not the regular wartime raise,
but is to be used to make up the
deficit iilcurrcd by the Directory
last year, when the money was
borrowed from Student Associa-
tion. This year, the price for
printing llle Directory is $150.29.

 

Senic’ir Program D&A To Present Ostas,
TO’O Proceeds Spanish Folk-DancingTeam

Surpass Goal a”- 

The Senior Class Presentation.
second of the Big Ten, has added
approximately $135 to the $128 re-
ceived from the All-State Special,
making $263 attained of the $1200
goal. These are the last minute
figures given to the Nizws. Wednes-
day night. Definite totals cannot be
ascertained for a few days because
of outstanding income and expenses.
The Seniors exceeded the $120 aim
set for each of the ten affairs by
more than $10.

Natalie Levine and Helcil Hennes-
soy, co-cllairmcn of the event, have
released the following report:

Approximate Expenses:~<

Tax  .... ., $ 21.00

7 State To See Perlormers
In Page Hall Tomorrow

The first event on the Dranlatics
and Arts Council's calendar for
this year will take place tomorrow
night when Teresita and Emilio Osta
appear on the Page Hall stage.
The Ostas will present to the aud-
ience a variety of Spanish and Latin
American music which they have
collected during their numerous

, lravels.

Emilio, a renowned master of the
keyboard. will play his arrangements
of old Spanish music, and he will

.i also accompany his sister Teresita
as she performs the folk dances of

    

 

 

 

 

 

Campus Cllest
Will 55$ Drive

The annual State Collcgc Campus
Chest Drive will officially open
Wednesday morning, December 8,
and will continue for a week alld a
half.

This your the aim of the drin
is fifty cents pcr person. as dis-
closed by Peggy Bostwick, ‘45, Chair-
man, who said, “Almost all tllc other
colleges ill the country have pill
their goal at one dollar per person.
However. because of State’s Big Ten
program, we are asking only fifty
cents so lilat each student will be
able to contribute."

Miss Bostwick added that dona—
tions from those students who can
give more than the set amount will
be greatly appreciated.

National (‘llarity Chest

In past years the money collected
from the Drive was divided among
the Red Cross, USO, Naval Relief,
and other organizations. However,
this year the money will go directly
to a National Charity Chest as will
the money derived from all other
charity drives in the country. This
national fund will divide lllc inollcy
among the various certified chur-
il.ablc organizations willl llll‘ cx-
ccpllon of thc Rcd Cross which coll-
ducts its own dl'ivc.

Conlribilliolls will bc collcclcd ill
lilo individual group llouscs, cilcll
lloilsr having its own cilpliiin. "I‘llcrc

r('on/iiiurll on pay. .l'i

————— by Holly LOFHI‘O ——

small, dark llilli'l‘ll
hilll'l‘l‘l‘ illili i'illllllll
lllzllilli-r ililll :l pit-using Nl-w l‘iilg-
luiul (ll'll\\'l. (llll' l'll'sl lillprcssioil
upon llll‘l‘llllil, Mr \\':lllci' l‘illllilllllls
\vils, “Il's :lilvuys (lisuppoillling lo
llll'l'l linpoi'lulll pl'l'sollnlillcs; lllcy'l'l-
pisl ill-:l- llllll’i' pcoplc," Inil :llll'l'
u li-l'y ll‘\\ words \\‘llll lill- popului'
collli-lllporurl :uuilol', \\l' lll'l'llll‘ll
lilul \\l‘ hull lil'l'll \l-l'l llllll‘ll illis—
llilll‘ll

'I‘lll' pic l'lll'l‘ lll llllu l‘l‘ll'lil'il\ ill
Album I. dun In his. |l.il'il('lil:illlul
ill llu- Wul‘ llluul i’ull\ nl Alllulll
illgll ‘»l‘lllilll. \\‘lu-ll- lil' spoke (in
llll‘ :lulilc pl'ilpluill \ll-ri' lliliulmil
liuldwlll. \Vi'lll‘l’ (ill llll‘ II: loll! yl‘ll‘
lllllll, h‘ .l l'i'il‘lllll'lli llllllilll'lhl, llilll
Minn lliiu \\'l-nllnll ’i‘lll:. l'clillul- oi
bl'iilluill "lillvl'illl" kcpl up n gilj
Iluillcl' lil l"‘|llll'll‘l' ul llll' gillill-i'llu‘.
lil liu- lllrlllllll‘ Al'ls Mum-inn on
’l‘ul-slluy. 'l'lll- group l'lliilllllll'll its
loiir. and oil Wl'llilcsduy spoke in
Hitllclll'clully.

llc's .lilﬁl :l
mini with :l

A "l'i-gilllu' follow." Mr. Edilionds
is tllc llllllllll‘ of “Child llllllilil,
"Young Ann-s," "Drums Along lilo
Mohawk.“ lilld llnlny olllci' novels

\\'lll('ll (’l‘ill"l' ilrollilli Nl-w York Hlilll‘
ulul llu- (ilil (Jilllul, lll‘. llkl' ills
cllill'nl-ll-r, (‘iliul llullllil, sl-cnls lo lJl'
:l bollil \isiollill'y 'l‘lu-rl- is ll
.‘w|ll‘l'llll on of iLI‘lllillll) which cxiidcs
ll'llill llliii, illlll his lllnllllcr is lllll‘
o1 coilll'ullcsllip :lild nililubiiily
'l‘lll'l'i- is llolhillg lir»l"ll|lilll)ll.\ o‘
pompous lil his ulllliuli- lli\\'lll'll llil‘
pmplc ul'oiilul llilll

ills llll'l':ll‘\ lll‘il\’ll_\ ‘vllll'l‘ llll'
\lul' lll‘i'llll llllh lil‘l‘ll l'llillllll'll lo
\‘urlour. Illnltu/llu- lil'lll‘ll’rl Mr l‘l(l-
inoluls ll‘l‘l‘» lllul wur uiul ilovcl
\l'l'lllill' :il'l' lilil l'llillillllll)l“, lllul \vzu'
lump:- lllllilll ull illslnbllill ol \li'il»
lll'1lllill‘ll "low llllllgr. llil\'l‘ in-cll
\\l'llll‘ll (llllilll', llll' \\ill' \\‘llil'll lll'l‘
l'l':lll\' lir-I lull- lllilll-i'iill” 'l‘ills
lirgcllclillloil oi llIl-i'zll'y illullci' is
lullilullli-llluill (llll' Io llll‘ war and
llll' l‘hl'iilllblli \\'lli('ll l'l'hllllh li'olil ll,
1:. this. l'llllll‘l' lilnil llu- luck of
lilhllll'lllllllllll lll'lll'llj’, lllul ki-i-ps Mr.
l‘illlllllllflh ll‘lllll Iii-ginning unotllcl'
now]

A nicssugc of "social sigllil'icuiicc"
inls oflcn bccil illlriliuli-d lo Mr.
Iiklnlonds’ stories; llllWlWl‘l', the
author insists that he had no such
purpose. Hc reiterated that they

r

  the Spanish people.

Raffle ‘ 6'00 Dances, Costumes Authentic

Tickets H 1'40 Tcrcsim owl km”. The costumes Teresita wears are

Arrangements  3‘60 - > v 1 L“ all authentic replicas of those worn

Music 23'00 by the Spanish peasants at their
'  __'~_ celebrations. “La Viejita” (the 01d

Tom]  _  ‘ $ 6100 Ollcl, Tereslta's masked presentation.

is from the Ostas' collection of old
tribal dances and music which were
part of the rituals of the Indians
during the days of the ancient Aztec
empire. Another dance which the
Ostas have in their repertoire is
the "Flamenco." or gypsy dance,
recreated from a variety of folk-
dallces of the province of Spaiil.
During their visits ill Soutil America,
the Ostas learned the steps and
music to many dances native to
that country. Among these are the
"Jorop" of Venezuela. the “Cucco”
of Chile and “El Gaio” of Argentina.
While Tcrcsita is off stage Emilio
plays several of his arrangements
of Spanish music. He has made four
different arrangements of ‘La Cu-
cllaracha," imitating the various
.-, . styles of the old masters.
. Students will be admitted u on
Easy Senior Placement presentation of their student Tax.
Tickets are also on sale to the
public at the 00-01) and at the Van
Curler Music Company, 120 State
Miss Doris Kelly, head of student Street, for $.85 general admission,
Elllploymellt Bureau, disclosed that 331-10 reserved secuon'
there have been four calls to the Ushers for the evening are Harriet
Bureau for teaching positions for Brinkmall, Phyllis Carpenter, Mar-

700 Tickets Sold

chcll hundred tickct were sold.
scvcl'al being purchased by faculty
nlcmbcl‘s who hich been cooperating
with the Big ’I‘cn committcc from
llll‘ start.

The Guy Nillcllcs Rcvuc, directed
by Rhona Ryan, '44, dcpictiilg State
College lifc in 1894 was staged ill
Page Hall ill 8 P.M. A four-piece
hill-billy orchestra from Schenectady
complete with a caller played for
round and square dancing ill the
gymnasium from 9 to 12 PM. A
study lamp was ruffled off to swell
tho 1ch profits.

Hclcil Hellllcsscy and Natalie Le-
vinc, Seniors, co-chail'men, expressed
their appreciation to all committees
assisting them.

The Big Tell committee is yet un-
decided as to what use the $1200 will
be put. Altllough the money will
be utilized for the war effort, it is ' '
llopcd that the War Department ill Ant'c'pated‘  
Wasllillgtcll may offer some definite m
suggestions.

 

Emilio ()sta, pianist

 

Helpers Needglor curtains

 

An effort is being illadc to have
the curtains for tile Commons fill-
isllcd when classes are resumed after
Thanksgiving vacation. Students
are working on them Saturday illoi'il-
lngs ill the Illglc Room at Pierce,
and llclpci's are needed.

In charge of lllls undertaking are
Marilyn Gale and Patricia Frey,
Scniol's. Harriet. Abrams, ’47. Edith
Board. '44, and Josephine Villcntc,
’45, have alrcildy volunlcci'cd.

Allyollc iillcrcslcd ill llclpillg
should conlucl (‘lllll‘i' Miss (liilc or
Miss Frcy.

Canal Days Author, Speaks at Roi/y

\vcl'c simply slorics ol' lllc "lililc"
illl(l oi lllc Culllll. Anything which
(lcllls \\'llll nil cm of i'i-gioilnl gi'owlli
iiild (lcyclopilMll would intro :1 cor-
lnlil ullloiilll of social sigllll'icililcc;
\ci (‘llud lluiulu could llcvci' ll'llfl his
\1li‘.:ll)lillll. lllllllilflll' lil‘l' lll lollily's
\\()l'lll In llllll’l' words. llnlllln wur.
'iiil]il\ :l l\])l‘ \illli‘ll i'.l'l‘\'i up l-vl-n
.l lllll llll' (‘ullul \'\'l- liuii llll‘ liili
l‘ll': llill lll:ll .\lr l‘illllllllllltv \ru» l'l'~
i'rlllul (ll lll" liiluhllii’. oi .‘xlll'll ;
lll’lll’lilllll l‘l'll

lllh lulul'c worl. will lll‘ board on
llll‘ ‘lilill‘ llll‘illl' llll' growlh oi
('l‘llll'lll Now York, Willi lls llll'v
lillliivllllll' supply of .‘lllll'll‘h of in,
lilisll‘l' ulld |li'ogrl-:m and political
leliiilillh cxciliulgcd l'ol' scclioilul
powl-r. ii is lo lililllloluis' lllill such
lllllll'l'lll unknown villllgcs us (‘illlilh-
lolus lillll ()llcidn owr lllcil‘ willc~
spl'l-lul ionic and conscquclll illlcrcsl
lll Illosi- llli'ivillg colllillinlilics.

'i‘ilis culogizcl' of lllc ()ld Ciillni
llllys has all anticipating public,
which will consunlc his futiu'c liovcls
ill the sonic livid manner which
charnclcrizcs lilo illlrl'lduclion of ill)
Ednlollds‘ novel to lilo gellcral "rcnii—
ing pliblic.”

September, 1944, and several for re-
placement positions this January.
none of which have been filled.

SEB anticipates little difficulty
ill placing Seniors and Graduate
Students this year, bccllnsc of the
shortage throughout the slate. A
sul'vcy by the New York State 'I‘each-
crs Association found a great short-
age of Science, Math, and Commerce
lcaclll-rs. There will be vcry few
lciicilcrs ill those fields graduating
frolll lllc coilcgc this your.

lil spite of the large number of
English and Social Sludics teachers
ill Slilll', SEB cxpccls no difficulty
ill placing them. Iillchich will
probably not begin iilllil January.

Miss Kclly stated liliil the place-
illl‘ill i'cc of $3, illld lili- rcgisli'illioil
fcc of $5 ill'c llol ilcccssnrily rc—
quil'i-d bci'orc ’l‘llililksgiviilg Vill'illlllil,
lloi' :ll'l‘ piclurcs l'cqliil'cd illllllcd-
lillcly.

SCA Meeting Tonight
Features Marriage Talk

Hillllclu (‘llrisliuil Association \vlll
hold it gl-llcrnl nil-cling loilighl iii
if PM. lll l’il-l'cc iiilll lir. liowul'd
llubl-lulilll. pusloi' of llll‘ l"ll‘sl l’i'cs—
ilylcrillll church, will lulk illlornlnily
lo Slull' sliidl'llls oil illuri'lugc. 'l‘licl'c
\\'ill bc i'cll'l-sllnlcills llllll (liiilcillg‘
lilllil 12 PM. Allill' l"i'll7.. "lf'l ill-\vly
uppoillll-d nlcillbi-r of l“ll'.‘-l (,‘nbillcl
will ln- lll cluu'gc of lllc progi'iull.
Mlll'll‘ Hl'iuldl-r, '40, will fill llil‘
\‘lll‘illl('_\' left on Sccond ClllJllll’l.

(‘lub "17 will illl‘l‘l ilcxl 'l‘ucsdily
iuglll nl ii l’M. Nomiilailioils iuld
clcl'liliil of officl-rs for tho (‘lub will
illkl- pilicc.

'l'lli- progrinll. inldcl' lllc direction
ol (llol'iu linker and Julia Collier,
il'csllnlcll, will feature ll discussion
on cliqucllo. Peggy Casey and Mark
liilllll. Sophomores, will lead a group
lo (.iclllonstriltc tile points under
discussion.

joric Cronin, Barbara Courier, Mar-
ian Davis, Ruth Elgie, Shirley Ford.
Jean Griffin, Doris Ives, Winifred
Lulkowski. Marie Liebl. Anita Ped-
isich, Barbara Reiffe and Mary Ver-
lloy. Sophomores, and the members
of the Council.

Council to Expand

Trecc Alley, ’44, President of Dra-
matics and Arts Council, announced
this week that at its last meeting
the Council decided to enlarge its
illcnlbcrsllip so that anywhere from
lllrcc lo five people can be admitted
from cacll class. The cxact number
will be loft lo the discretion of
the Council.

Ill pl'cvlous j’l‘lll‘h lllf‘lllel‘Hllll) Oil
lilis Council was lillliicd to lllrcc
pcoplc from cucll cluss. One person
was sl'll-clcd on Moving Up dily iii
his l‘l‘i-r‘lllllnll your. wllili- lwo olllci's
wci'c ll(l(ll'(l during lllcii' Sophomore
ycill'. ’f‘llis your, ll(l\\’l‘Vl‘l'. lwo lllcni-
bcl's l'l'onl llll' i'rcslilllnll class will bc
:llllloullccd on Moving Up (lily.

Hillcc lllcrc lliis bccll ll illni'kcd
lncl'cusc ill llll‘ ('lll'()lllll('lll of incom-
lilg l-lusscs. lhc Council has dccillcd
il ilcccssllry lo illcl'cilsc ils illclllbci'—
ship accordingly. Allllllll'l' l'l'llhllll
for this dccisioll is all lilci'ciisc iii
llll' llllilll)(‘l‘ of yciu'ly productions.
’i‘ill- (‘oullcil l'ccls lilill llllli'l‘ pro-
(lill'llolls will llll‘llll llllli'l' work;
llll‘l‘l‘llll'l‘, ll ilil'gcr llllllllll‘l' of pcoplc
\l‘lll bc l‘l‘llllll'l'll.

Hillel, Newman Club to Meet

liilici lllill Ncwnliin Club will hold
nlccliilgs ilcxl chilcsdily a lid
'l‘ilui'sdny nights rcspcclivcly.

"l‘llc lvlilicl nlccling on Wednesday
night will be dcvolcd to a general
discussion.

The Newman Club meeting on
Thursday night will feature the last
ill ll series of discussions on the Mass
by Father Callill. Dancing and re—
frcsillllents will follow.

 

