 

 

 

 

PAGE 4

ON THE
BALL

By Stan Gipp__———-

The destiny of State’s athletic
participation in intercollegiate eir-
cles appears doomed for the dura—
tion at least. The unforunate fate
of the baseball, tennis and golf
schedules seems certain to be fol-
lowed by basketball next year,
leaving only the intramural pro-
gram to challenge the physical in-
terests of State's males. Despite the
disappearance of sporting events,
measures should be taken now to
retain the sporting spirit, and plans
should be made now for the revival
of all these sports on a larger scale
than ever before.

New York State's teachers col-
leges have long been ﬁrst scholas—
tieally, but have just as long taken
a back seat to other schools in
physical prowess. This, to some of
us men, is just as important as
mental or aesthetic talents. If State
ever expects to get men in this
institution, it will be necessary to
offer an athletic program to attract
and interest them.

Naturally we all expect to see the
revival of baseball, basketball, ten—
nis and golf with the scheduling of
games with teams of equal strength,
However, we would like to go a
step farther and suggest the intro-
duction of intercollegiate football,

This can probably never be real-
ized. however, without the co-
operation of the students, the
administration, the state, and the
other six New York State Teacher
Colleges. A tentative plan would
be to organize a six-man football
league composed of these colleges;
then, due to the attraction of men
to ours and these other institutions
by this program. the strength and
size of these squads would be iii—
creased, and eleven—man football
would be possible and practical.

This program is admittedly dis—
tant and weak at present, but we
hope it presents something to think
about and something to work for
to those freshmen, Sophomores, and
upper-classmen who intend to com—
plete their work towards a degree
here at State.

In harmony with the expression
in this column this is the final trip of
our basketball team to Brooklyn
today. In the past it has been the
custom to send telegrams to the
boys when they were playing away.
They can be reached at Hotel Ply~
mouth, 143 West 49m St., New
York. N. Y.

Girls of '45 Win]
Rivalry Cage Struggle

Fast moving, hard fighting-«yet
clean playing marked the first
girls" rivalry basketball game. After
a thrilling struggle which carried
over into an extra period. the
sophs defeated the frosh (iii—IIZ.

During the first quarter. the
sophs held their opponents 8-2. un—
til. with a sudden spurt of energy.
310 broke loose and scored three
times. The first quarter ended in
an 8-8 tie. l'feui'tencd by this gain.
310 went ahead. sinking ten more
points to the "Crimson 'l'ide's" five,
bringing the tnllj.‘ to 18-115 of the
hull. Both teiun. scored four times
in the third [.t'i'ltitl At the open-
ing of the final quarter. the score
stood 26-21. With ii last minute
flll\'(‘ "15 siiigi-tl forward, holding
the freshmen to four points and
putting in nine of their own to end
iii .i 30-250 tie. A five—minute over—
llIIit' was tlceidctl upon. The "Crim—
‘illll 'l'ide" was .uccessl'iil, tossing in
t il't‘tr goals to one for the freshmen
The “Hill folly '.'.Jis lib—152, wuli vic~
tory for llll‘ stilllih.

The two tcnur. were, of cotiisc
Ilic lit-st that could l)[.‘ tiittslt'tt‘tl
from (‘itf'li lel‘..‘i, but fini'foll, fol
l”: with 22 ],iiitll.‘., and llci'liliy, fol
tln- fiosli with in spiirlii-d llit'll
rcspcclivi: lI'iIlII‘i

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1943

Eagles Travel to Brooklyn;
Meet Pratt in Season Finale

ll-MWCagers Go

lnto Round Two
Finks, Ramblers Win,-

Race Becomes Closer

Activity in the intramural league
began to step up in tempo during
the past week as efforts were made
to complete the schedule before
more players left school. A varsity
game and the holiday, however, cut
down the numbers of contests
played.

The Finks resumed their winning
streak Tuesday in taking a close
win over the SLS aggregation. The
lead seasawed several times and it
wasn‘t until the ﬁnal minutes that
the winners were able to go out
in front to score a 27-25 victory
after being tied up 14-all at the
intermission. Olivet’s 11 points were
high for his team while Timpane
put in 9 for the losing cause.

 

STANDINGS TO DATE
Won Lost

Ramblers . . . . . . . . . . . .. (i l

Potter 5

KB

Finks

KDR .

SLS

Dorm

 

In the second game the Ramblers
again took over first place from the
idle Potter Club team as they out-
scored the Dorm 22—15 in a game
featured by several fouls on both
sides. The league leaders found
themselves behind much of the
game, but put on a spirited drive
in the third quarter to wipe out an
8—5 halftime deficit and go ahead.
Dingman began his scoring drive
again with 11 points while Miner
put in 5 for the Dorm as Chelleini
and (“Hon were held in check.

Grogan, Bulger
Presents Awards

The cancellation of the MAA
Banquet instigated a new procedure
in the awarding of letters and arm
blems to the Varsity, JV and intra-
mural sportsmen. The awards were
given out to the outstanding men
in college athletics last Friday in
the student assembly.

Mr. Paul Bulger stressed the
fact that ever since the foundation
of the MAA association by the stu—
dents in 1935, it has seen fit to
honor those men who aided in car-
rying on the State sport spirit both
in school and outside. He first
awarded the key for outstanding
ability in intramural activities to
Malcolm "Red" Evans. and then,
the sportsmanship key to Sol. Stol—
bof. William Marslnnd. former,
and Arthur l"l:ix. present president
of intramural Council, were also
honored for their successful leader-
ship.

Couch Grogan then took over to
iilA'ill'tl the letters to the basketball
lt‘iiltl~», which he had hundlcd since
('ouch Hatfield left. To Stiitc's
newly formed Jiiyvecs went six—
iiicli block  The members of the
Varsity received eight—inch letters.

.I.i_\vi-c letters went to the follow-
ing incn: (.‘iipt. llowzu'd livnch. sen-
ioi'. (‘hnrles Ciipcl and Malcolm
Evans, '-II, J. M. llippick, Max

iriiun and Warren Kullnniu. 'tlf).
.ind Martin lioi'tnii'k .lnnii-s lfyiiii.
.folin lticciirilo, John Woods and
Ntililll l'iiwt'll

Vanity uwui‘ds went to (.‘zipt
li'iiink lfiinscn illilit'I'l Combs,
lIii-liniond Young and l“l'i|llt'lh Mul—

lin all who l(.'iIVl.‘ soon in tlic Army
Air ('oips llcsci'w- Williiuu lVInrs—
litllfl now in tlic Mi-tcoroligicul
llivision of the Ainiy Air Corps.
llt'lilv ltubnck. l‘itlwoiil lived, Ar—
llIIIl Max and Morin. f'ici'bci'

l‘lugcuc lVlclmrcn Varsity uniiij
.iinvi. .iiid l)i'lll (iillcn, manager of
thc .fV">, also received li-tlci's

 

W. M. WHITNEY 8: CO.
DEPARTMENT STORE

NORTH PEARL STREET.

ALBANY. N. Y.

ALBANY'S SHOPPING CENTER
FOR 83 YEARS

 

Thru Rosey
Glasses

 

 

___By Hylind and DeChene

At last, we have our long awaited
chance. Now, we, the Sophomore
sports writers, can air our views
of the feminine sports world.

Frankly, we think that in the
field of sports, the girls of the Class
of ’45 are tops. We know our read—
ers (if any) will immediately say
we’re prejudiced, but stop a minute
and look at the record:

From the very beginning. at
Frosh camp. the Soph gals have
been active athletically. At camp,
great was the enthusiasm shown
over tennis. swimming, hiking, and
all the other sports offered.

Remember how Flo Gal-fall
walked off with the tennis trophy
in our Freshman year? She still
has it and will. until this year's
tournament is completed in the
spring. Undoubtedly it will stay
in the hands of '45. for Flo’s fiercest
competition is ofl'ered by another
Sophomore, Nora Giavelli. Nora is
so good that she even competed in
the men's tourney last year, so we
predict that the completion of this
year's contest will be very exciting.

Many were the Sophomores who
came out for sports last year.
The Basketball League and rivalry
games drew a great deal of these.
If the Class of ’44 hadn't been so
lucky, we're sure we would have
won that all-important rivalry
game.

This year, three intrepid Sophs
invaded the men's territory. and
liiiznrded their commando course.
(See the Nov. 13 NEWS for complete
details.) Have any girls from the
other classes accomplished a similar
l'cat'.’ No. and simply because they
haven’t the spirit and hardiness of
us Sophs.

And none other than our own
president knocked down the pins
to earn the highest bowling score
this year. Take a bow. Flo. that
199 should make you feel pretty
good.

And who are the three remaining
members of the fencing classes?
Three Sophomores, of course—--Bost—
wick. Schlott, und Curran. It's too
had some of you freshmen, Juniors.
and Seniors don't give these gals a
little competition. Don't forget. you
can still get fencing credit. too

So. we say again, we think the
Soph girls are just about tops in
sports. Don‘t you agree now'.’

Women Keglers
Continue Tourney

The bowling league continues to
hold the interest of State's women
with over seventy—five girls taking
part in the sport.

Last week Moreliind I‘Iflll (le—
leafed Newman Hall in ii twu—ginne
contest. This was the only match
completed.

l’si (.iamnin lost their first game
of the season to Kappa Delta this
\\‘l't'l(, but came buck to triumph in
the second. 'l'hc iiintcli will be coin-
plctcd inter

Games not fill plziycd ill the
scheduled times must be played lic-
lorc the end of the Week.

 

l lolly/wood linrbcr
Shop
210 ( cntrul .\\‘cnuc
.\i.ii.\.\'\'. N. Y.

 

 

Februaryflearante
SALE

NOW ON

Snappy Men's
Shop

221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

Air Corps TakesLMen;
Jayvees Replace Them

Early this morning the State Col-
lege Eagles embarked for the city
of New York, where assuming
they successfully wend their way
through a labyrinth of subways,
they will tonight meet Pratt Insti—
tute in their last game of the season,
and. probably. their last for the
duration.

This year, due to the usual ex-
cuse, the basketeers are riding the
trains instead of a chartered bus.
They expect to arrive in the
metropolis around noon—time and
establish themselves in the Hotel
Plymouth. They will spend the
afternoon leisurely among them-
selves, recuperating from the tiring
effects of the trip.

Return Contest

The game tonight is a return con-
test, Pratt having visited Page Hall
earlier in the season, in which con-
test the Purple and Gold was on
the short end of a 60-35 score. Al—
though the team hais shown im—
provement since this time, it is
doubtful whether they can match
the Brooklynites. who have had a
very successful season.

GEORGE I). JliONlCY, l’rop.

BOULEVARD

198-200 Central Avenue

 

The main threat that the Eagles
face are Pratt’s two high-scoring
forwards, Raphael and Kaplowitz,
who scored 17 and 12 points respec-
tively in the previous game against
State.

Combs Absent

The Eagles are further handi-
capped by the loss of Bob Combs,
who has received orders to report
for active duty tomorrow morning
in Atlantic City. At the time of
this writing Rich Young and Fran
Mullin are also awaiting orders,
and while they think they are able
to make the trip. they aren't posi—
tive.

This trip is a sort of farewell
party to the boys. and they are
going to stay in New York and see
the town tomorrow and Sunday.
This is also in repayment for a
curtailed Northern trip last fall.

The Varsity players making the
trip arc Art Flux, “Moose” Gerber.
Captain “Riz” Hansen, Fran Mullin.
"Big Ed" Reed, Hank Rubach, Rich
Young. and Manager Gene Mc-
Laren.

Some of the jaiyvees are also
going along. as finances permit, and
they. along with Coach Grogan and
JV Coach Owen Bombard, make a
total of between 15 and 18 men.

DIAL 5-1‘)l3

CAFETERIA

Try Our Businessman's Lunch

60c.

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

PAR

1

HE

 

 

"WONDER WHAT THAT FEZIOW
WIN/(5' ABOUT 0N HIE
WAY DOW/V”

“Did you know that high

 

altitude makes you ferri-

bly thirsty? 'Dehydrofes',
they call it. Who wouldn't
want an ico-cold Coke.
Coco-Colo not only
quenches thirst, it adds
refreshment, too. And taste
...(1 dcliciousness (ill its own.
And quality you count on.
Makes you glad you Were

.i--~-lljil‘ll,llt=‘illi,‘é

‘.
ll

BOI III I) IIIIlttR AUTHORITY OF IIfI' COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA COMPANY

226 North Allen St.

Albany. N. Y.

State College News I .r

 

College to Offer
37 New Courses
For Next Year

Program for Fifth Year
Includes Milne Work

Thirty-seven new courses will be
available for students next year. ac-
cording to the 1943-1944 catalogue
now being prepared for publication
in the office of Dr_ Milton G. Nel-
son. Dean of the College. Master's
degrees will be granted to those
students majoring in English, math-
ematics, French, Biology, Chemis—
try. or Social Studies. Most college
departments have provided entirely
new courses.

Fifth year students will spend one
semester in Milne and one semester
in the department in which they
will specialize. One semester will
entail a complete six-hour seminar
in secondary education. and the
other will embody six hours of ad-
vanced campus teaching. All other
Education courses have been con-
celled.

Grad Commerce Credit

The Commerce Department, while
not offering a full graduate program
in commercial subjects. will give
graduate credit in three courses:
Accounting Problems, Speed Short—
hand. and Cost Accounting. These
courses will also be open to Seniors.

The Art department will have at
the students' disposal, courses in
Advanced Ceramics, topographical
drafting. and mechanical drawing

One of the most beneficial courses
added to the Education curriculum
is it your course (five hours ii seni-
cster) for people from art colleges
who have not had Education but
wish to prepare for teaching.

In addition to Ed 10, Juniors will
take two hours of Methods in their
major during the Spring semester.
Commerce majors will do two addi—
tional hours of Methods in the Fall
semester of their Senior year.
Seniors to Teach

All students must accomplish
four hours of preliminary campus
teaching during one semester of
their Senior year.

All students must accomplish
four hours of preliminary campus
teaching during one semester of
their Senior year.

The English department is put—
ting out two courses for Seniors
and Grads only: Criticism of Coin-
position, and English Origins of
American l_.itci':iture.

rf'oiitiiiiii'd oii page i, colitiii ii i}

Assembly to Hear
World Traveler

l)r. lVlichncl M Doi'izris', geogrn-
pher. trnvclcr, lecturer and world
famous (ii'cck iitlilcte, will be the
Debate Council presentation in us-
sinibly this morning. llis program
will include it lecture and motion
pictures on current wrirfroiits.

llr. Dori/us was born in Cons-tun-
linoplc illl(l come to the United
States in ltlflfl for the first time
llcrc he attended the University of
Pennsylvania and served in thc
Aincricnn zirniy during World Will'
1 After the Will" he assumed his
|it‘t'.~t'ttl |)(i>.llltil| us iI member of the
Faculty of the Geography Deport—
Iiii-Iit of thc Wliiii'loii School of thc
University of Pennsylvania. [luring
llic slillllllt‘l' months l)i'. l)iii'i7.ns
unilics :i prnclicc of triivcling to Itl'\\
couiitiics or studying funiiliiii' oncs
lit'lli‘t llis tiiivcls lliIVt' taken him
.ii‘ounil the world lhi'ec times

In lIoii/ns has his own wur film
libruiy which he constantly ltt-cps
up to tliill' lt'igltlltig ltt littsslu. llll'
attack on Pearl Harbor. Munilu itll(l
Singapore iiiid our victories in the
Marshall Islands, Coral Sen and
lVlidwuy r’ll't‘ included in the library.
l)i' Dori/us has recently been lcc—
tui'ing for the War Department at
oVer sixty inilitiii'y camps in the
South and West.

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1943

Case No. fEAn Editorial

Dcmorrary at State (Iollcgc has become an institution. So
much so that the fcw cxrcptions arc glaring blots on the tried and
true paper of the .‘\Ill('l‘l(‘illl system. We, as State College students,
should be proud enough of our privilcgcs to desire rectification of
these errors.

Today the S’l‘A'l'l-l (i()I.I.I-'.(;Iv'. News prints it feature story on the
“gripe” session held by the Women of Pierre Hall 'l‘uesday evening.
Although the meeting was treated in a humorous vein, the doriiii~
[()1‘)' women bclicvc firmly in their case, and their problems should
be considered seriously by tlic councilors of l’icrrc Hall, Residence
Council and State (lollcgc its a whole.

()f grciilcr moment is the (use of Residciiic (louncil. The
students of State (Iollcgc will agree that the council with its Judi.
(izil lioard, is iltl inlcgral mctlianism in the establishment and
iiiaiiitcnani'c of rcsidciuc regulations lls cxistcnic is desirable not
only from the standpoint of the women it iont‘crns'. but also from
the point of view of tlic pat‘ctlts. .\nd since it is ii body which
makes and rcviscs rulcs. provides for their cnl'oricmcnl and exatts
penalties for their infratlioii. it incviiiibly mccts‘ with llic disfavor
of some of llltist‘ who ionic under its jurisdiction.

Whether or not stiiltt‘ of the past unions of Residence (louniil
lIil\t' gone beyond the pale of popular opinion is not our (’Hltt‘t'l‘lt.
\\'c ‘iIl't' intcrcslcd only in the promotion of ii iloscr understanding
ttlttl toopcration bciwccn the (loumil and the women it governs.
'I'oward this cud. wc l)t'llt'\(' that Ihcrc is but one solution a
thorough and ioniplcic (lt‘llllitl’tIll/iIlltlll of Rcsiilcnic Council.

To accomplish this, we propose the following:

1. That a committee composed of faculty, and student mem-
bers be organized to revise residence rules;

2. That the resulting revisions be submitted at group house
meetings to all women concerned;

3. That at these meetings, the rules be explained and left
open to question or challenge;

4. That no rule ever be put into effect without ratiﬁcation
by 2 3 of the women;

5. That this voting be supervised by Residence Council
representatives;

6. That no judgment on the infraction of council regula-
tions be made without a hearing prior to imposing of the penalty.

 

War Activities Council to Direct Campaign
With Blood, Funds, Volunteers As Goal

In cooperation with the local Red
Cross Chapter, War Activities
Council is currently conducting ii
three-fold campaign. A special call
for blood donors and volunteers to
roll bandages and a plea for lied
Cross funds have been issued.

The College Blood Drive, origin-

 

lntervarsity Meeting

The Intervarsity Christian Fel—
IoWship plans to hold its March
regional meeting Sunday in the
(ircen Room of the Wellington
Hotel at 7:45 P. M.

All State students are invited to
iilly scheduled for this week, has itlleltd this meeting. Also invited
been postponed until March 17. 18. “1‘0 SlUdcnfs from Union, RPI, Rus-
iiud If). The Naval Mobile Unit Hull Sage, and Pharmacy Collcf-{C-
which collected blood ill the Albany The Fellowship has extended an in-
tmw Schmt will mun-n “i that VlltllltJIl to soldiei‘s.stiilors, marines.
time. The response throughout the “lid WAAC'Si A f-{UCSl Speaker Wlll
city was so great that there was address the group present. The rest
iiol enough time to accept the blood Hi the Program IS 10 llIClUde HI‘UUP
of donors from the College. The singing and special music.

VOL. XXVII. NO. 19

Sayles Appoints Committee

To Publicize State's Facilities

NEWS, Press Bureau Publicity to Attempt
To Stabilize, Enlarge, Next Year's Enrollment

A Publicity (loininittcc. for the purpose of presenting the
advantages of State College to such prospective students as may be
interested in order that the college's enrollment for next year may
be at least stumbled and definitely enlarged. if possible, has been
appointed by Dr. John M. Siiylcs. President of the College. This
('(nlIIlliIlCC met for the first time in Dr. Saylcs’ office lzistr'l‘uesday
tiftcrnoon, March 2, at 3:30 o’clock.

 

Dean Announces

Honor Students

Class of '45 Leads List
With Sixty-nine Names

The Dean's List for first semester,
1942-43. released for publication
yesterday by Dr. Milton G. Nelson.
contains 204 names as compared
with last year’s list of 135 names. It
should be noted. however, that the
latter list was for the full year of
1941—42. Of the current list 26 are
men and 178 women. Of the 26
men, nine are from the Senior class,
live from the Junior class, four from
the Sophomore class and eight from
the freshman class. Fifty-five Se-
nioi's, 38 Juniors. 69 Sophomores
and 42 freshmen constitute this
year's list.

The entire list follows:

Class of 1943: Beatrice Bailey.
Marie Bailie, Emily Blasiar. Owen
Bombard, Ann Bromley, Carolyn
Burrows, Gloria Cammarota, F.
Jennie Churchill, Barbara Clark,
Katherine Cousins. Mary Crouch,
Karlene Lufl' DePalina, Jane Ed-
munds, Mary Faircliild. Arthur
Flax. Leo Flux, Ira Freedman, Julia
Gorinan, Walter Grzywacz, Marjorie
Halstead, Marie Hart, Ellen Holly,
Laura Hughes, Dorothy Huyck,
Hannah Kalmanovsky, Harry Ken-
sky. Barbara Kerlin, Thelma Levin—
son. Jean MacAllister (All A's).
Elizabeth Marston, Mildred Mattice.
Shirley Mosher (All A's), Betty
Naporski. Ruth O'Neill, J. Elizabeth
Peabody, Shirley Perkins, Michael
Perretta, Mary Riidywonska. Ida
Roseii, Regina Roth, Marjorie Ack—
ley Rothwell, Doris Sayles. Marie
Scofield. R. Muriel Scovell, Ruth
Shiinley. Margaret Sinclair. David
Slthlll, Clifford Swanson, Betty
Taylor. Sylvia Teflt, Etlielinay
'I‘ozier. Vivian Verch. Jane Green-
(Conti'iiucd UII page 1, column ~I)

 

blood plasma from these donations
Will be sent to aid Wounded service
men chrseas Students may regis—
ter as blood donors at the Stamp
lioolli.

Bandages ill'L‘ being rolled zit the
County Court House daily from 2
l“ “l P- M~ “Ml 7 L" 9 P) M V"lu“' hi an attempt to bring to light
“'"l' W""l“"'5 “"0 lulml'“! l” “'0‘”. those rules and regulations govern-
white gowns or dresses and 'to have in“ pivwc Ha“ which [he wmm,“
“’“Tls "I" ““l’klm 1‘” mm" hm". of that dormitory feel are unsatis—
lit'thll'i‘Ill‘m. ‘5 “l ll‘“ “m” "1 fiictory, fill open meeting was held
W””“‘”“()lll"°- 'l'ucsdiiy evening at I’iercc llall

'l‘llt' WHHI’HIH” lttI‘ lit'tl (‘I'Uh-‘i (Ed note‘ A discussion of the
funds will not be extclish't' lit‘ttittlﬁt' questions which concern dormitory
(‘nnipus Chi-st contributions :il't‘ llt women should be of interest to the
port distributed to thin orgiinizii— (-nljj'uﬁludr-nl body.)
lion, llowmrer, boxes to i'cccch "'l‘lu- l.)oi'niilory Council. which
contributions have been placed in “5 I'm- “5 I know has no (tullhlilu—
the Annex, ciifclci‘iii. ('o—oli. Sliunti tiomil basis for cxistence, sets itself
liooth, and campus group houses. up as an arbitrary body. it is

"lluring the past few weeks, op— it-sponsiblc to no one. and yet its
portunitics to participate in war rulcs are used as it basis for gov-
work have been made it\'lllliIl)ll' by i-rning the entire dormitory". sniil
Wni' Council," stated 'I'rccc Ancy. tilit’ woman Since this council has
"ll, of thc Publicity (‘oimnittce of such wide authority over their lives.
the body in sumnuu'y; "success of the \vomcn fcll that they should lit'
the activities now dcpcnds on tlic lii-tlcr rcpi'cscnti-il on it. Such a
student body." motion was nnulc. As it result of

Posted daily on the liullctin lloiii'd this motion live rcprcseiitiitivcs
outside the l)(‘ltll of Women's ()llici- from the dormitory itlltl one from
are notices for \'t)llIlIlt't'I'S 'l'i'nnslzi— ciicli cottage will be elected in the
tors of ltt-d (,‘i'oss bullctins fi'oni lll‘ill‘ future. This will tend to
English liilo lt‘rcnch, lnilnin. l’olish. drniocriitize the council. but its dc—
illlfl (icriniin are still nccdcd, its iii'c cisions will still be final and subject
volunteer typists and nursery school to no revisions by the girls them—
assistants. selVes.

Pierce Hoff Hos Open Meeting;
Women Voice Squawks, Gripes

Since a purpose of the meeting
wns to bring to fight any “gripes”.
one Wiilllitll started the ball rolling
by saying:

"Turn off the light on the front
porch. l'm tired of having curs stop
across the street just to watch me
my good-night to my date."

Another il(l(lt‘(l, "Why can't we
wear otir hair ‘up' to breakfast. In
the morning l have to put my llIIll‘
'up' and fill“! it ‘down' so often I
feel like u l'crris wheel by the time
I get to school " Cvii'yonc laughed
and agreed that it was ii nuisance.

'I got ii warning for taking in
shower five minutes after i-li-vcii'
Why should I lit‘ the gout when no
Witt‘l‘t‘ else in thc dormitory is the
rule ciiforccd'."

"I wont to ‘gripc' about the lillllt‘
iininni-i's. liiist night someone ihrcw
ii piece of pie ill me. 'l‘lml's tbc last
straw i didn‘t cvcll like the pic."

And everybody having enjoyed
himself and having been relieved of
his favorite “gripe” the meeting

disbanded.

At this meeting, the committee
discussed plans for the proposed
enlargement of the college’s enroll-
ment. Both the STATE COLLEGE
News and Press Bureau will work
with the committee toward this end.
A special issue of the NEWs is
planned to display the facilities of
State to those interested in becom-
ing students of the college. Press
Bureau will aid in publicizing the
college and its students. The
alumni and branches of the Alumni
Association will also be asked to
aid in the drive for more students
for State, by contacting various
prospects insofar as it is possible.

Dr. Louis C. Jones. Assistant
Professor of English, is chairman of
the publicity committee. The other
members are: Faculty. Dr. Howard
Do Bell, Professor of Mathematics;
Mrs. Agnes Underwood, Secretary
to the Alumni Association of State
College; Mr. James Geinmel, In-
structor in Commerce; Dr. Floyd
Henrickson. Assistant Professor of
Education for Visual Aid; Students,
Janet Baxter. '44; and Frances
Bourgeois, '43.
ltineriuit Committee

This spring, for the first time. Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the Col-
lege, and Dr. Earl J. Dorwaldt, In-
structor in Hygiene, will travel to
various centers throughout the
state, selected as places for holding
personal interviews with prospec-
tive State students. April 15 to
May 15 is the tentative period
chosen for the interviews.

The special issue of the NEWS
will be published on March 26, and
will be distributed to all persons
interviewed for admission to the
college. and to other prospects. This
issue will emphasize every phase of
State College life. not only those
phases included in the Freshman
Handbook. but also such things as
social life, faculty-student relation-
ship. famous graduates of State,
democracy at work in the college.
and State College and the war ef-
fort. A large spread of cuts, includ-
ing views of the college and its ac-
tivities. will be featured.

I'ress Bureau Aids

Press Bureau will have an ini-
portant role to play in the cam-
paign. Its work of publicizing the
college and the students will be ex«
tended. It has bcen the accom-
plishment of the Bureau to pub-
licize eVery State College student
at least once during the year, in
home—town and Albany papers

[for the first time, the alumni of

the college will be asked to work
with the administration and the stu—
dents in order to insure the success
of the committee's work. In other
colleges. the alumni have a definite
role to play in the recruiting of new
students. Stiitc College alumni
have never evinced such an inter-
est. nor has the college ever at-
leiiiptcd to create such an interest.
Furthermore. the famous iilumni
hich never received stillicient pub-
licity. and. in Mr. Genimel's opinion.
they should be encouraged to co-
operate more actively with the col—
lcgc.

lVlr. Arvid Burke. '28. President
of the Alumni Association, has sent
A letter to the Alumni Association.
stressing the need for students at
State College. and the value for stu-
dents liore and in the teaching field.
6.000 copies of this letter will be
made, and sent out with the Alumni
Day announcements in April.
(Continued on page i, column J)

. . xLiqu-‘wV‘Ni-nmmm

 

