 

 

 

 

  

   

   

 
  
   
   
 

ii

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, l9l6
by the Class of‘l918

Friday, February 5, 1943 No. 15

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Co/legia/a Dig”!

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Siavln, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

Vol. XXVII

 

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

. . . .

NationalAdvertismgSamcaJnc.
Col/an Publlrlun Rtpnunlallua

420 MADiaON Ava. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO - IOIYOI - LO. ANCILII - IAN 'IANCIICO

 

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - .
FLORA M. GASPARY }
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS -- - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - -
KATHERINE COUSINS - -
PETER MARCHETTA - - . .. .

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR

 

JANET BAXTER - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BERNARD SKOLSKY . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
.aﬁﬁaufo a

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not. necessarily reﬂect its
view.

The Task at Hand

.\l long las'l. lhc sliIdenl body has an oppor-
Iunily lhis Weekend in do a genuine service for
ihe war clloi‘l. 'l‘oinoi‘row evening, lhc group
houses of ihe (olleg'c and lhc laiiill)‘ will present
an extraordinary evening of enierlaiiiiiicni and
fun for lhc oslciisible purpose of providing
funds for the operaiioii and inainienaine of War
.'\(‘li\'llics on this iaiiipiis.

 

There are numerous projciis and Iasks whit ll
lhc War (Iouinil has been planning io under-
iake. biil ii is powerless Io all unless ii has
sIIIIitieiil funds lo tarry oiii iIs ideas.

III nch week's assembly the sludenl bod) will
have a ioiic in the illltililllIHl of ihe monies
obiaincd through loinoi‘i‘ow night's “hair”. If
is aiiiiiipalcd Ihai more money will he made
[him is ai pi'eseiii needed io tarry ilIe \\':Ii'
.\(ii\ilics ihcnisclies Ihi'oiigli lllllll ilIe end of
Ihe year. If must be assumed llial llie \\’ai'
.\iiivilies (Ioiiniil is in Ihe hcsl posiiioii lo sug
gesi how and where Ihe surplus should go. l’or
Iliis reason only, will delIIiiIc proposals be
plated bcloi‘e lhc siiideiii body.

Now is iioi ilIe Iiiiie Io ipIeslioii lhc orgaiii/Ii
iioii of lhc ((lllii(il, or its pasi errors. 'I'here
aic speiilii and ((iilll’t'lt' War .\Ili\ilies wliiili
will suffer unless Ihe) relere iiiiiiicdiale aid and
bathing li’oiii ilIe ('lllll't‘ sliuleiii body. These
aimilies aie (lilisl(l(‘l‘l‘tl \ilal ones by the New
\oik Slan- and .\Ibany \\'ai (Louinils. I'lieiyonc
iiiiisl do his iIIinosi ioiiioiiow evening.

1 and 1 Equals 2

lliiee weeks ago, Ihe Stale (.ollege Ni-\\'s,
ailing on what it belie\ed was Ihe ionseiisIIs of
opinion of ihe slinleiii boll\. asLeil l’iesidenl
Siiyles io open the |ibi;ii\ evenings dining exam
neck, \\‘hen the piesideni loinplied. it was
ilieii loo late to gne llie mallet any piibliiily
Ill [be .\I \\s. .\c\cilheless, Hollies \\l'i(' posleil
on ihe biIlleIiii boaids and in ilic libiaii. II is
also IllIl‘ lliill seieizil sihool Iuii\ilies ilaimed
Ihe IiIIeiiiion ol siiidems nho mighi lillil‘lhlsl‘
have made use of Ihe lllllillt.

Iii/l viiillilllllltg lo iigiiies loinpilcil by the
libi;IiI.IIis, Ihe ieioid .ilIeiu|.iiue loi the nine
e\ciiiiigs \\.is L’Zi. line iiighl oii|\ sis look :Iil
\.iiil.igc oi the pii\ilege. lln-se liguics (lillllhlll'
i.iIhei Iiiii.i\oi.ih|\ \\iIli those of pit-\ioiis inns
when as inain .is ill spenI Ilieii eieiiiiigs In the

libiaii.

lhc libiaiv has been iloseil loi lIIe p.IsI
seiiiesiei. iiol lli‘ilillsl‘ oi liliiikiiiils, hill bei.iiise
of definite piobh'ms lilti'll by lhc .Idiiiiiiisiia
Illiil. liic icIiIiii lo lawn of liable) Hall .is .i
nighl ieliige foi Ihe siiidenls lilIli'll Io evoke lhc
eIiIhiisi.isiii of Ihe inideiil body. lhe iespoiise
nus. ili fail. ilil. l'nless llieie is some :igila
Iion on llll lililili) Ipieslioii again, ilieic is no
binning Iniise lot it iiiIsleli'. llIe inIlleiiis
iH’il' giien Iheii oppoiiuniiy: Ihey llioioughl)
"unified" lI what now?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY JANUARY, 8; 1943

War Fronts by Faigenbaum

Russians Advancing Westward
Pacing Seven-League Strides

The heroic stand of the Imperial
Germant 6th Army trapped before
the city of Stalingrad was the great-
est display of human courage in all
history.

German General Stall Communique

In fact the magnitude of such
courage has so overwhelmed the
leaders of German government that
they have decreed that all movies
and public buildings in the Reich
will be closed this week-end. The
Nazis are attempting to turn a dis-
astrous defeat into a symbil of the
ﬁghting tenacity of the German
Army. All their attempts to dress
up the news of the surrender of the
Germans at Stalingrad cannot dis-
pel the cloud of doubt in the minds
of many Germans as to the wisdom
of their Fuehrer’s judgment in not
allowing the 6th. Army to retreat
while they still had the opportunity.
The blame for this debacle rests
with Adolf Hitler. but he has nol
as yet come forth with any state-
ment concerning it.

The Russian Army is advancing
westward at such a rate as lo indi—
cate that the Germans are with-
drawing all :ilong the line to new
defense positions. The Russians are
moving as fast as an army could
travel unopposed, and hourly Re
units are drawing nearer the main
Nazi defenses at Kharkov and R05-
lov.

Unconfirmed reports put Red
Army artillery less than 30 miles
from Rostov, in position to hurl
shells into the German occupied
city. The capture of Rostov would
leave the 100,000 Germans in the
Caucasus only one avenue of escape
mthrough the Kcrch Peninsula.
There appears slight chance that
the German Army there can ﬁght
its way through the narrow strip
that leads to Rostov, and to cross
the Kci‘cb Straits to the Crimea is
considered so dangerous as to be
attempted only as a last resort.
Black Sea warships are said to be
working with the Red Army Air
Force in battering German trans-
ports thcrc, and it is possible that

the desperate ﬂight has already
begun.

The Russians were unable to re-
gain Kharkov in their big attack of
last Spring, and even in the present
German disorganization may ﬁnd it
a hard nut to crack. It was strongly
fortiﬁed in depth a year ago, and
doubtless has been furthei'sfrength-
cried since. Should it fall to the
Russian troops which are reported
within sixty miles of the city, the
entire German lines east of the
Dneiper may crumble.

Guadalcanal

The Japanese attempted a large-
scale invasion of Guadacanal in an
eil'ort to recapture the island from
the Army which relieved the Ma-
rine forces there a week ago. The
U. S. Navy intercepted a large Jap
naval force, and Navy announce-
ments, although highly secretalive
on details, leave no doubt that
strong U. S. and Japanese flccls
have met—at least in the opening
phases of another Pacific sea balllc.
The Navy announced that both
sides had suffered casualties, but
that Japanese accounts of American
losses were greatly exaggerated,

North Africa

Nobody seemed to know exactly
where lhc Afrika Korps is, or where
its rearguard leaves off and the van—
guard of Montgomery’s pursuing
British Army begins. The Brazza-
ville radio, not always reliable. said
that some units of Montgomery's
army has reached lhc Marcth line,
80 miles inside lhc Tunisian border
from Libya.

American forces trying lo drive
through to the coast north of Ruin—
mcl. won a battle and lost a battle.
The victory was scored in the town
of Sencd. 53 miles west of thc coasl
road, which musl be cut bcforc Axis
forces really are split. The Ameri—
can defeat occurred 40 milcs to the
northeast, where our troops lricd
unsuccessfully for two days to
storm Faid Pass, wrcstcd by the
Axis from the l“rcnch last week.
Latest communiqucs said the Amer—
icans finally "broke oil" lhc cri-
gagcmcnt.

 

Orchids and Onions

by Betty

 

On the evening of January 12,
(just before exams, rcmcmbcr'.’) the
Elementary Dramatic-s class spon-
soi'cd its annual presentation of
thrcc oiic—act plays under the direc-
tion of Miss Agnes Futtcrcr. The
plays in the order of their appear—
ance wcrc: Orchids [or Margaret
whose cast was Elainc Dl'()()7., Ray
Howard, Dante Zaccagnini. Lucillc
Kenny and Roslyn Slotc. A Happy
Journey to Trenton and Ciiindcn
starring J. Michael Hippiek, Barbara
Putnam, li‘i'ank Bclvillc, Edna
Marsh, Ai'lhur Collins and Ruth
Fine, and A Question of Principle
whose east consisted of Curtis Pfall',
lici'l Kiley, Paul Barsclou, Jack
Vose, lllii'old (ioltlnfcin. Sfiitii‘l
licyei'l, and Gertrude Yanowitz.

To many minds lhe plays ranged
lll just that order from worst to
best. ()rcliiils for lVIurg/ui'cl lllil|)L'(l
along quite forlornly until Jackie
in the person of liol. Slole lil'('i'7t‘ll
oiilo lhc stage and handed the play
an iiiuiginui'v ei'uleh. Miirgarel was
a lllill('llll role lo play, biil llil‘
Wordy, slagnanl dialogue and a lagr
ling supporting casl proved loo
much for even Lucille Kenny to
overcome. ll could have been a
good performance lhc .scl was guy.
the coslllincs Wl‘i‘l' good, bill it
(lied'

xl floppy Journey to 'l'i'culou {llitl
(‘nuoien was II much bellcr per-
Ioimonce Acling Willi no sci and
practically no props is a difliciill job

Taylor

 

because of the pantomime involved.
The timing was perfect and the
cast did nony in this respect. The
tempo was constant throughout the
performance. 'I‘hc ending did bog
a little, but the quality of the
presentation up to that point coin-
plclely overshadowed lhc cnding.
liilllc li‘rank Bclvillc descrch .spc—
eial mcntion bccause of his excellent
portrayal of a ninc—ycar—old.

A Question of Principle was un—
doubtedly lhc bcsl play of the eve-
ning. Each character, from the
blustci'ing judge lo the incfl'ccliial
clergyman, was .so completely a type,
and the man and his girl were so
dolinilcly naive and simple. that lbc
play which might easily have been
a flop was liii'ned iiilo a howling
success. EVei'y player in ll Ques—
tion of Principle should be con—
gi‘alulalcd iiol only for his indi—
vidual performance, biIl also for
ihe excellent leainwoi'k he (lis—
plnyed ('l‘caiiiwork is n oiialily lhnl
I‘. seldom wilnesscd on ihe Slate
('ollI-ge slngc i

The l'Ilil'l'llIlIlIIil'Ill belwecii play.
was looil as always and deserves
honorable mention for jiisl lhul rczi~
still.

'l'hc liglililig loi‘ till llii'i't' plnys
was very good and Miss Hopkins
is in be congratulated for lhi- iliiiil-
ily of lhe .sels.

ll Win. It good evenings eiilei'laiii—
Iiil‘lll. 'l'oo b.nl l'Ilenn-nlnry l)r;i—
IIIillli'h Ilocm‘l peifoiiii ioI iis iiioic
Iillt'ii

 

The Weekly Bulletin

 

('AIII'ZNIIAIC
l"eb. ii S'I'A'I'l'l lt'Alli featuring i‘IIIi~
(‘i'hhltilih operated by :.liI(li,-iil.s and
a .skit by faculty IIIcIiIbci's 'I'be
allaii' will be bold from 715') to
12 BM. in lhc (.‘oiiiinons, lower
hall of Draper, the Annex, and
Page IIalI auditoi'iiiiii io Wllli'll
lhc. .skil Will be held.
l“l‘ll. 7 lIich'vaI'sity Christian l"el»-
IoWsliip regional monthly meeting

ill ihe iiieeii liooiii ol the Wl'llll)‘,
lllIl llllll'l.

II'ch. ii Sophoiiioi'e baiani-l lli lhc
Flog lloom of lhe llolel 'l'en Eyck
nl ll.'ll) l‘.M. l‘liit'll .sludcnl at»
lending iiiiirsl pay 75') cents for his
dinner, lhc i'csl to be lakeii from
the ('lilhh li'casiii'y.

ll'eb. Iii l“(ll'llill meeting In lhc
Lounge .‘il Iillll l' M.

 

 

 

 

by Herb Leneker

Waiter Winchell. who graduated from a keyhole to
binoculars, referred in his last radio program to the
“damned fools" who re-clectcd certain cmtgp'essmcn.
It is still a democratic axiom that the majority rules,
and “(11'3" or not, they’ve done (i. pretty good job so for.

THE GOVERNMENT has selected State College as
an institution for the training of a limited number of
present high school teachers in pro-flight aeronautics.
. . . This will in no way inlci'l‘cro wilh lhc prcscnl
undergraduate program. . . .

STATE FAIR, born under a cloud and raised in
unpopular seclusion. will have to share lop billing
with the Pratt game tomorrow nilc . . . However
this additional adjustment in lhc turbulcnl chain of
events should be a boon. causing gi‘cafci‘ lilitPIIClillli't',
clc. . . . A popular pic mag may be represented. so
look your prettiest. . . .

The booth of one group house will be conspicuous
by its; absence. . . .

HALSEY PRAISES MARTIN

Iiiculcnant BOB MARTIN, USNR, was honored by
Admiral llalscy for recent action in lhc, Solomons . . .
"is citation reads: “For efﬁcient and skillful perform-
ance of duty while acting as member of the crew of
a patrol plane which allcclcd a dangerous rescue at
sea in the Solomon Islands area on October I5, 1942.
Licul. Martin‘s plane, although in lhc proximity of
enemy fighters, landing in the face of wind and heavy
swells and at the risk of being destroyed by lhc. .s'ub-
mci‘gcd depth charges on it crashed planc, succeeded
in rescuing the .sole survivor."

Ensign BILL RYAN, supply ofﬁcer on a new dc—
sli'oycr. gets his mail via Ncw York . . . His lwo side—
kicks, SIVERS S.- MELANSON, are studying further
for the Supply Corps of Harvard . , . All ii came up
from lhc ranks . . , lncidcnliilly, younger brother TOM
RYAN also climbed the ladder the hard way . . . En—
listing 2 yrs. ago as a private, RYAN Jr. now wears n
silver bar. . . .

BOB HER'I‘WIG got himself a commission and Ii
bridc . . , located with Air Corps- in Texas . . . Licul.
HARRY GUMAER .s'cnds lhc following tribute to lhc
cllicicncy of the Circulation dcp'l: "Anolhcr issue of
last [all's NI-LWS has just rcziehed me by n roundaboul
mail route." Ensign "DOC" COOKE was in town lasl
weekend . . . Also, 'l‘OlVl II‘EENEY, and recently JACK
KIRCl‘lEli, who still packs- lhciii in wilh his ll'l'llli'l'\
on steam sterilization. . . .

GEORGE THE GYPSY

GEORGE KUNZ, lraiisferi'ed lwicc recently, .slill
dreams of the lime when he can settle down a be
eligible for a furlough & ratings . . . "For the prosan
jusl call me gypsy." Wanls the Nl-IWS .s'i'lil regularly.
ehiding lhus: "If they knew how much pleasure n
soldier gels- from what i.s' jusl a iniiiulc's bolln-r to
lliciii. I'm sure they'd never miss a single issue. . . 

PFC BOB GLEASON, Camp Shelby. Miss. took a
trip to New Orleans rcccnlly . . . "it's the one civilized
place in this broken down neck of lhc woods 
2nd Lieul. JOHNNY McAULll"l"’.s wilh Chemical
Warfare in Arkansas . . . Was in Albany last ’I‘hiirs.
nilc . . . Acting Sgl. WARREN WAGNER (frills the
boys at Allanlic City . . . "ll's jusl like icnclillig only
you've gol more power in your hands in deal oiil
punislimcnl . . 

Ensign El) ll()l.S'l'l‘llN, blinking in llll' llolel Slew~
art, Calif, while uwailing fili'lhcr orders, cxpecls lo
be .scnl lo the engineering school at lhe Univ. of Calif.

. l.ieul. llAlt()I.l) ll‘lJUH'l‘ldll‘h oiil there somewhere.
loo, biil may have gone on It sighl-seeing loiir by now
Sgl. llAlllIY HEIIUS'I'EIN sends greetings lo lhc I‘i‘(l'
liiiii'cll lleiiioii (Iiirislci' of all lll' .‘s‘lll'l‘l‘l/Ni of llie l’ ()
"l'vc mailed you a copy of die paper ihe boys down
here pill oiIi We, loo. have our llll'l.lI‘\ {pun/s!"

IT COULD BE WORSE

Lenders of ihe Wlillil'llls IiiiI:».ele building ,Iil'li'H
didn'l relish .i coliiinnisl's charge lh.il .soiiieoiic \\.I.
enjoying a co/.y nup eoslly lo lhe Slinlenl A‘vnu'lnililll
While iiuiiiilniiiing .‘i pi'inleni neulrnlily in eoniieelion
Willi ibis polilieul powder keg, we believe ill-ll (liil'llii‘,
lliese limes WAA should make an eflorl lo tench e\ ei\
member through a greatly expanded promnin

All bends of orgniiiznlions are held ie~.poii~.ible ioi
llii'll' respective programs, and nuisl be i'i'.iil_\ Io .ll'l'l'|‘l
ei'ilieisin gracefully even lenders i'lii‘iiul'll III lhc ‘..III('-
.lnIionioiis armor of a long, llliil'li robe

KISS THE BOYS GOODBYE

_II is becoming (Illlll' apparent. in a confused oil
of a way, that lhc l‘lli(' may. if liieliy, .lllf'llIl lhc
.IiiIiioi' l’i'oin .ili depending upon Ihe congestion
in our indliclioii center 'l‘lieie \\Ill be .i ‘slil'l’llil
Iissciiibly pi'ogiiiiii iii iioiioi of men l‘.Illl'll III
excellent genitiie on [he pull of lhe .uliiiiiii~.li.i|ioii

Snyles llall may slioggle on fill June, lilll lin-
pio.peel. of il~. ieiimiiinig ihe Iiil‘li‘n iloi'iii .mv liiliift'l
lh.m this are ver .slIin .l“.ill'('ll IVl;iii,ion could
easily be lllIlI/.l'(l foi- Ihe small lllliillil'l of fuIIiie
IIIl'II'lllI'llltillih, .is our. been milititl'slt'll

thlhei or Iiol ll war. Hint“ to stall Sil\ll". lloll din
nip, war lime is debalnble, hiil llIl' fuel linil ii I llllil
pleleil and will llI:.liiieIly lll'lll'lll lin- eollepe .iflei Ihe
war I:. iiiiileboluble l'i\’l'II llliml' lleploiiim ll . efllll
on iroin houses and lhc li'Iilci'iiily sport in iii-neinl
miisl nilmil Ibis, bill maybe lliey (and include ihi.
column in [his hliiiil-anliil'Il lb iii‘lliotin :-.l‘lll:sll enli-
gory) \Alll gel a wee bit of hiilllhlil' lili'il:r.llii' .il llie
lhoiIglil of Thomas More lloiise IIobm If.il|, Iiiii-
bIIchcr lliill, Kappa liclii, and College lloiise gicelnu'.
llIe newly vanquished with a frown. and “Well, who
loi'ecd you off lhc i';iiiipiih'.‘"

 

 

 

 

 

 

J
'I‘E‘..." .

 

      
    
  
    
     
   
      
   

 

  
   

   
    
    
  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1943

 

PAGE 3

 

New Chem Lab Fixtures

 

l‘llO'l'O BY llUllllO\VS

Changes in CbemisiryLoborolories
Provide More Working Room

By the beginning of ncxl week.
all improvisations in lhc Chcniislry
liiboi'afories shall have been fully
complcled.

The most noticeable change is in
the new tables which provide twice
as much working space as before.
’l‘hcsc fables are longer and wider
and conlain drawers that can aclc—
qualcly accommodafc the supplies
that each .sfudenl musl use. This
will eliminate lhc lime previously
waslcd by sludcnls in taking lil—
sli'iimcnls lo and from lhc slock
room. and is also cxpcclcd lo cut
down on breakage.

l’loI water and electricity as well
as gas and cold walci' have been
installed. In lhc advanced lab.
.slcam I’aeililies havc been provided
for work in organic courses. Coin—
prcsscd air is now availablc wilhoul
the danger of sparks or gas escaping.
In addition lo lhcsc improvcmcnls.
the advanced lab also has access to
both AC and DC current.

Because lllL‘l‘C never was an ade-
quate mclhod for disposing of gases,
l’liit'slctl has always had lhc rcpula—
lion for emilling peculiar odors.
'l‘hcsc strange objcclionablc smells

 

Draft to Cause Change
In Musical Comedy Plans

March 8 has been leiilalively
fixed as lhc dale for lhc musical
comedy of lhe (lay Nincfics, .s‘pon—
siii'l'(l bv Music Council. unless ilIe
drnfl ,siiimlion grows more iiclifc.

Already l'ici'e have been several
replacements in lhc cost due lo lhc
v.'illi(h'.‘iw;il of men from ihe college
To case any fiiliii'e dillieuliies be—
eniise of nelors' having lo leave.
many men in ihe musical comedy
.ii'e lu'iIlL', iinilei'sliidieil.

Aiiolhei' obslncle lo be overcome
‘-l‘.lli'lb\' of iippl‘opIIIIII' eo.s~
liime- Hlnled Mary Sliidebuker.
‘lf. eorrhieclinc, the musical coincin
wilh lIhoiin li\‘£ill. "-l-l. “Anyone
knowing ihe win-realmiils‘ of any
(Liy Nun-lies eosfiimes'. please lel
us know Also, fi'osh who .s'igiicll
up for commillee \vork should eon-
l.iel me I'ighl :iwny,"

Is illl'

 

YOU’LL FIND
AT THE

ANN EX
lllztgar'ii

1(‘I'I
( ‘RI‘IARI

NOTHING ELSE SO GOOD

IS SO GOOD FOR YOU

 

 

 

£.,..y,«y_m..t.i,..m.-.W. . A. .. .. .

are now reduced lo a minimum wilh
lhc installalion of fume lioo(l.s‘ which
carry all odors: out lo Ihe roof. Al
lhc end of each fume hood is it re-
niole eonli'ol allachmcnl for gas and
wnfcr.

Ten large fluorcsecnl lighls (lhc
last on lhc market) now take lhc
place of lhc four small lights that
previously illuminated each labora—
loi‘y.

New hardwood floors replace the
old cracked boards of many years.

These labs were designed lo iIlil—
i'/.e lo lhc grcalcst cxleni lhc courses
offered. Facilities have been insli—
gzilerl lo cll‘ecl a boiler syslcm of
ellicicncy among lhe students and fo
make lhc ehcmisli'y eoiirs'cs' more
desirable.

DI". Oscar E. Lanford, Professor
of Chemis'lry. .says' "I'm very eei'lnin
llial llierc is no lab of lhis lype.
anywhere in lhc .slalc, which is
bellei‘."

Cossack Chorus

To Return Feb. 27
D&A Stars Christians

In March Presentation

Music Council and D'amatics and
Arls Council are cach planning ban—
nor cvenls for the near future.
Mady Christians will come here as
the guest of D 81 A on March 4.
Music Council will present the Don
Cossack Chorus on February 27.
Both cvcnls will take place in Page
Hall.

The Don Cossack Chorus will be
making ifs second appearance here
in its fhirlccn years of touring in
lhc Unich Slalcs. Their last con-
ccrl at the College was in Oclobcr,
1938. Reporting on the event. a
News ci'ilic called if "comparable to
nolhing in the history of lhc col—

Mady Christians. who will be the
sun" of ihe D& A prescnlafion, is the
celebrated European and American
aclrcss‘ who has reecnlly been ap-
pearing on Broadway lll Watch on
llic li’liinc, Miss Chrislians was; born
in Vienna and has .spcnl. a great
parl of her life in Europe. flow—
cver, .shc spent her childhood in
America as her father look chi' lhc
management of a lhcnlcr herc. Miss
Chris‘lians sludicd for a lime under
Max Reinhardl in Bcrlin. Besides
appearing on lhc legitimate .s'lagc
.slic has bad a successful movie
career in Europe playing opposilc
Maurice Evans. Charles Boyer and
Conrad Veidl.

For the Don Cossack concci'l, .s'lu-
dcnls will be able lo exchange lhcir
sliidcnl lax for liekcfs. The pro-
ccdurc for lhc lecture is as ycl iin-
decided.

 

OTTO R. MENDE
"5/717 Col/cgc_/cil'clcr”

103 Central i\vc.. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 
 
   

“OI/I THERE WE'D GIVE
A BUCK F01? A COKE”

 

  

Coco-Colo remind them of

A N/CKEI HERE”

"There must be somelhing special about
(1 55": soft drink, when men ovci‘scos
write home or bring buck tales about ii.
That bottle (ind the fomilicii' lrodc-murk
home. The
delicious taste and refreshment of Coke
bring (I refreshing moment on the sunny
side of things. Enjoy it yourself.‘

“THEY’RE sun i
i

  
   

 

 
     
   
   
    
 
  

BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OI' THE COCA COLA (.OMT'ANY liY

ALBANY COCA-COLA COMPANY

226 North Allen St.

Albany, N. Y.

 

Representative Art Work
Presented In Draper Exhibit

A Kaleidoscopic view of the
art courses can now be achieved
by a glance at the bulletin boards
on the second floor of Draper.

Art 4. a basic course in d'aw-
ing, design. and composition, is
represented by work of Rob—
crt Loucks, Virginia Moschak,
Georgia Hardcsly, and Julia Gor—
man. Juniors, and Kay Rappcl—
yea and Alice Stubing. Sopho-
IllOi'OS.

Elizabeth Mansion, ‘43, presents
an cxlcnsivc picture of AN. 5 in
her .s'iagc designs of "Hamlet."

Art (5 correlates art with class—
room studios. Mounts of Social
Studies and English are rcprc—
.s'cnlcd by Lois anlcy, '43. and
Sunna Cooper. '45.

Pencil .s'licfclics and black prints
by Sally Richards, '44, and phofo—
graphs by Carolyn Burrows. 313,
represent Art 7. Catherine Iluvar.
has a display on crafts in the
library .s-how ruse.

 

Soph Banquet
(Continued from page 1, column ii
and a remainder of seventy—five
cents is lo be paid by the guests as
they enter.

Those who care to dance may do
.so after the dinner. Women will
all have I2 I”. M. permission.

Forum Will Discuss
Post-War Situation

Forum will discuss the position of
soldiers returned from the war at
its next meeting in the Lounge next
Wednesday. Emphasis will ‘also be
given to the political situation as it
exists now and as it will be after
lhc war.

The committee which Forum ap-
pointed recently to work in direct
contact with the Republican Party
will give a report on what. it has
accomplished so far. The meeting
will also hear a brief report on the
slate of foreign alTairs.

Forum is now giving most of its
allcnfion lo the Victory Book Cam-
paign. Plans will be formulated at
lhc meeting to conduct a drive in
lhc group houses and at school.

The Campaign is- bcing conducted
.s'o ihat lhc men in U. 5. service may
be SlippllL‘Cl with books. Either old
or new books will be acccpied, and
any conlribulions may be placed in
the receptacle in the lower half of
Draper across from the Co-op.

 

RICE'S ALLEYS

Western and Quail
15c a Game for School League
From 9:00 A. M. to 6:00 P. M.

 

 

 

 

Io III snogb on \oin bonl

ll l<li\.\\

 

“WRAP-AROUND"

TURBAN S

ihoose |\\IJ Ivi.ip.iiouiills III ioiiIiJiniig; iolois .iinl pilslo
\IIII l|.I\l sI\ IlIlli'll’lIl liiib.Iiis
\\Ifl| .lIl i|.isln .ll lln li.l(l\ Lo
hohl || l\.lill\ \\l|i|l \oo \\.lIII II
.III (\IIIII lionllliiss loi .lllilllinlli binlgi oi
.lllil pi.nin.i| Illil loi bos\ moinings oi slIiiili\ ll.i\s. (.onii
l|I .IIIll lel oiIi llillIl)Ii\l|.I|IIl help \oii lIilil .I slxh pli

lllll\ siIileil Io \oiii (IIIIIIIIIIsl

\l \I\ THINK

 

3 /
/\//A
/\

._.\ M
/<;\
$1.50

(EACH TURBAN)

()in Illll is l.ll( lllll\ Ioimill

lh.ipe llli iinls inio

.I simph

 

 

 
 

  

