 

l
i
l
I.

 

?
i
i
i

 

 

 

 

 

     
   
     
 

 

i
.
r’

t

i:

 

 

 

 

hut-3s») .-.»-- .- w-  .- ww

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

I I
Sokocritic
— Lt. Andrew Takas

An unusually large audience came
to Page Hall last Tuesday night to
see the last two plays of this year.
It was a good evening.

No.12 We must thank Claire Schwartz

m,“er “Whom,” for a swiftly-moving. well-directed
Associated f‘olleg‘liito iIi-oss (.‘ouogiiuu Digest comedy. It ran along at a bright
The llllllt‘l‘ﬂlillllllill'e llt'WTllliiIJllnl‘l :vf‘ut‘liiIl‘INI‘(ii-Ii'\r\ l\)‘Ir‘irtliruS(t‘i(I)lle paceI leaving laughter behind it.
I ,,, .I‘,..... _, ,.,.. ,. , ‘ I _ I I
lbtglciuiicaiiuhy iiulicuiffli“USl )ltoiiril I'or lilil' Student Assocln- The CIOWd enJP-‘ied it. and‘vely 0b..
non. Phones: Office, 5.9373; liiixloi', 2.5m; Siciigel, s-2sn-i; vlously the iieiformels wele having
l'ickert. 2-2752. a good time too.

We liked a lot of things about
the play. The costuming was beau-
tiful. The lines were witty. they
were well delivered. and they Were
appreciated.

Teddy Fine should be given a
prize. She was not acting a part;
she was just roaming around the
stage having a happy-go-lucky time.
I like that type of work. It‘s natural

EDIToR-IN-CHIEF and it's effective. Rhona Ryan de-
CD-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF serves mention. Each of her on-
BUSINESS MANAGER Lrances was made in a big burst of
CIRCULATION MANAGER noises and gestures that provoked

SPORTS EDITOR more laughter than most of the lines.

ASSOCIATE EDITOR Ryan’s makeup was a little over-

ASSOCIATE EDITOR done though. and it stood out parti—

ASSDCIATE EDITOR cularly because that of the rest of
the cast was exceptionally good.

If we had any bouquets to give
away. we would hand one to Milnc‘s
Margery Norton. She played her
part wonderfully: she should be a
arias“ whiz by the time she gets to Advan—
ced Dramatics.

-\|l l'l!lllll|lll|ll“llTHIN should he -ii|drcsscd to the editor and Roz Hasungs did a bang-up ‘iOb'
iuusr hc sigifi-il. .Nflllll'h' will Ibo \villilu-Itl upon request, In nbou‘ half an ho“? 0“ me 51339
Thu S'i‘A'i‘n t'oi.i,i~ion xnws :lSSIlllltIrl no l'cspolisiliilliy she thoroughly convmced us that
for opinions expressed lll lis' (‘illllllllls tIi‘ ('Ullllllllll'if‘illlllllﬁ She could make any Ina“ she got her
us such expressions II" IIIII III‘I'I‘EEIII‘HI' I"""""‘ ‘5 ““'“" claws on lead a thoroughly miserable
life. She fairly dripped vitriol. and
incidentally proved herself a capable
I - actress.
Let 5 Nat Be Kind McGrath deserves special mention.
H In a company of feline-like females

Today we can celebrate “Let's Not lie kind to she acted a part, almost [00 good to

Sororities Day." We can take down the banner for 1316 tIruf. She am; they impreﬁlim:
- ., -. . - .  .. , . . ia. me was rea mg mes. in
men in schice from its place ill. l)i.iptr Hall and was unfortunately more noticeable
tuck away the stars and stripes just to leave room because the rest of me cast were
for the flying colors of the campus sororities that not acting—they were living their
can pride themselves on their narrow views on lJ'rII‘tS- .
religion ‘ Good supporting work was turned
' _ ‘ in by Pat Mulcahy, Mary Sanderson,
For simplified rushing. for a banding together of Kippy Marsh. and Martha Sprenger.

STATE COLLEGE news
Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

December 10, 1943

Vol. XXVIII

 

REPHISINTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 3'
National Advertising Service. Inc.
College Publishers Representative

420 MADISON A'IE. NEW YORK. N. V.
cmcnoo ' BOSTON A Los Auoeus - sun Funcrsco

 

The News Board
MARY B. STENGEL - -
JANET K. BAXTER - '
JANE PlCKERT - '
LILLIAN GROSS - '
BERTRAM KILEY - '
SUNNA COOPER ,.
JANE HEATH - ' '
DOROTHY MEYERS - -

 

ISSUE EDITOR
JANE HEATH

 

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1943

Credit should be given them.

Gert Myers’ play, which came
first on the program. was a shorter
and less ambitious presentation. It
was done just as capably, though.

Lucille Kenny showad her versa-
tility by playing the part of a bed-
ridden old woman. It was a char-
acter completely different from
anything she had ever done before
and still she carried it off almost
to perfection. She looked old. her
voice sounded old. and her move-
ments were those of age. At the
beginning she was a little stiff and
unnatural, but she soon overcame
that tendency and went on to do a
fine piece of work. The person who
put the makeup on Kenny deserves
special commendation. It was so well
done that she was almost unrecogni-
zable.

Marge Cronin was hampered by
having a part that was a little ridi-
culous. That is the fault of the
play's author, not hers. She did a
pretty competent job of playing an
awkward character.

A word should be said about
Josephine Simons. Hers was the
part of an old and presumably
arthritic maid. Granted that it is
hard to hobblc about. a stage con—
vincingly when one is young and
limbcr. but it would be much better
to make no attempt than to do it
in an unconvincing manner. Sini-
ons' gestures were supposed to be
those of an old woman but, instead
they looked just awkward. They
might have looked better were they
not competing with Kenny's expert
performance.

Intermission music was furnished
by Phyllis Waldi'on, who sang a
couple of songs. She was received
very enthusiastically. not so much
for her singing as for the cute ges-
tures that accompanied it. It's a
pleasure to watch her. She was
assisted in her vocal efforts by some-
one with a hammer backstage who
helpfully pounded the floor in time
with the music.

Community singing was also tried.
with Muriel Navy at the piano and
F10 Garfall leading. It’s a good idea.
It should be done more often.

 

women who ‘think alike on religion,’ for the pro—
tection of the sorority members, for any number of
undemocratic reasons, the sororities cling to the
charming custom of restricting their membership to
women with similar religious affiliations. Isn't
the custom just a little bit like the principles of our
Feulirer Friend across the ocean?

Our individual little “Master Races,” with one
exception, have their religious barriers a part of
their unwritten constitutions. They could be demo-
cratic; they just don't happen to lift their barriers.

We‘ve engaged in generalities thus far, but that
is not because we must generalize our opinions. We
can mention Kappa Delta, Beta Zeta, and PM Delta
among whose members cannot be found a Catholic “lde .ugt because I write (I
or Jewess, 'We. can point at Chi Sigma llictzi. .a Soluﬁx’m‘ 8361:), week. ‘and mus hav‘e
group limiting its membership to Roman (.atholic me chance. but heck. Ivm human
women. Nor is there a member of Ali PM who is tall rumors to the conil'tll‘yl so here
not Jewish. l’si Gamma and Gamma PM are not 3095 With a, few things ill?” have

,  , ,  been bothering what I fondly call
to be excluded from our criticism, for non-sectarian my mind.
though they claim to be, there is not one Jewish '

WW

 

It's not exactly right to give vent
to some of my personal gripes and

One. this situation about rehear—
woman included on their current membership or sals in Sayles and Pierce Halls—a
“lame “51% situation already referred to by my
’ H , , , illustrious fellow-columnist, Herr
l’hi Delta Sorority is the only group which men— Kiley, It seems to me in the demh
tions religious barriers in its constitution. ls' the 01" my abysmal igiiorancethat since
membership custom kept on the books for the sake me "ii-“deuce “3115 “Y9 Elms, L9 “‘9
. , - college of the alumni {lSSOCl‘cIUOIl#
of the Alumnae, or are the present members of [iii a” alumni commuters and 0mm._
llclt to be included in tlic "Let's .\'ot lie Killle wise, sorority and fraternity mem-
celebration? hers and ii’idcpendents that all the
. . college should receive some benefit

in other years, a bond of friendship between from “1,, buildmw
Ali PM and other campus sororities could be claim- we ma .1 romeo-5.11 Sunday “1ng
ed as tlic reason for the other groups' not including in PlI‘I‘CI'. and then were told ncvei'
jcwisli womcn among fhcir plcdgcs. 'l‘licrc \vci'c xl‘l‘t’l‘i‘
too few to be divided among the ollicr sororitics, mm diam, all two (21-1115”, who’
and Ali l’lii‘s‘ unwritten law was to cxcludc f‘lirisliziii showed up through if“. owning,
women. The cnrollmcnt of il'lt‘ pi'cscnt Soplioiiioi'c 'l‘lII‘i'_ played the VIC. IIIlkI‘d. chatted
and freshman classes is indiiulivc of tlic full that ’“"””-" 3”” “WHY? ‘l“'.“'l““l“’“l
p. ‘l'. . l I“ n l. l 11 flicy wanted to. llicy didiit hf‘t‘lll
1"“ 4”“ 1“ “” “uh” \‘l H ' to mind us in there, and We ccrtninly
Words of criticism on tlic charming sorority cus- didn't IIIIIIII “will. NU IIIII' IS IIlloW—
toms arc probava fulilc. .-\iiotlicr \‘f‘ill‘ will roll "(1 ‘” ""““_”“" m PM“. “m “‘f’“"
a p I , - 3‘ ,H I. I I  I _ y  w though once the whole (ollcgc (on—
rouni .iiiu soipfitiis \‘ll ( mg to t if n nuirou .\l.i \‘is mum”! m H“. Brubudwr Mpmmml
on religion. llicy will forch that tlic religious Loungc in the foolish belief that it
clubs on campus have a purpose, and they will go WIIE lI'III‘ What IlIIfif IIIIIIl about Its
on crusading for or against Catholics, l‘rotcstunts, mm”; 1‘” m“ Uh" “1 u” “m” “m”

I I ‘ I dent body. V
‘m‘ JL'W5' If we are going to be con—
Whilc the present groups may remain bigoted, irI'IbUlIIIE IIIIIIII‘y When! “30 sI'IIIl—
there is hope for one or more new sororities founded agh‘écf‘gam‘ 531%”? Ldé’l,l,tl‘ 
on a truly non-sectarian basis. It is left mainly v/;:5h0u1drl’f:c[1juy one or two privi-
for the Sophomores and freshmen to take the initia- lcgcs. Also, if there were some room
five. The formation of a new sorority is it long, "I SCHOOL 01‘ 3 “went “"1011 WI“

- ., , - . -v,. . , .- could use on week—ends, then we
involvul procedure, but if sororities must remain would“ have to use Sayles m,

a part of college life, among the Classes of ’46 and pierce. We'd like that much Dem.”
’47, the proper initiative should be found. to tell the truth. But, come the

 

by RIIONA RYAN

 

week-end, and either there can't be
a rehearsal. or we must perforce use
a group house.

So. it's a vicious circle. We could.
if it comes to that, rehearse in the
streets or something. What matter
if we freeze to death? At. least we
won't be disturbing that deathly pall
that hangs over the Ingle Room
these days of the draft—and no
dates. Or~there could be a room
open in school. Just call me dreamer.

And here‘s another little gripe
There is no breakfast served in the
cafeteria. I reflected bitterly on
that little fact as I trudged through
a blinding snowstorm to the Boul
the other morning Harry Wurtz
feels bitterly about it too, as he
rushes from a night-shift to classes
without time to stop for a cup of
cot'l'cc. For those of us who work
for a living or dash to school with-
out tiinc for breakfast Illiat's life!
it would be, oh so lovely to got a
cup of cafeteria cofii-c. Just call
us dreamt-rs.

Hcri‘ Kiley, the Di'cw Pearson of
Slutc, the Headache (iiiy, wants inc
to mention his favorite gripe. IWc
columnists spcnd our linic huddlcd
in a corner of thc l’.(). fccllng
tibiiscdv. There is no place for the
men to rest. likc tlic ltccovci'y Room.
Also no towels in the Mcn’s Locker
room. Naturally, I couldn't inVcsfi-
gate this condition personally, so I
take Bcrlrain’s word for it.

And one more gripe. l ol'lcn stay
down whcii l have rehearsals or
when l‘in critic for Al) plays. When
the library closes, I spend hours
alone in the Boo], I drop in on some
unfortunate friends. or I sit woefully
on the pci'isfylc. I speak as only
one of that lonely maligned group
known as “town girls," or “coin-
inutcrs.” It would be nice if there
were some place I could rest this
tired old body of mine . . . . Just
call me dreamer.

 

 

 

 

APOLOGIES

by KIPPY MARSH

 

What with the guest columnist, vacation and literary

ramblings, we sit at. our

desk with soldier news piled

up to our bloodshot eyes. Now to see what makes

with the boys . . .

l’fe. Bartman who is at Rollcr's Callere. Winter Park,
Florida. thinks that he is really in heaven. Hc is now

vacationing in a ' . . r

cally swank place. We reside

in a former splendorous fraternity housc—lilc floors

and all modern convcnic

are hovcls in comparison.
and the lcisurc limc aplenty."

nccs. Potter and SLS houses
The food is exceptional
Bob is now waiting

shipment to another ASTP collcgc.
NeiVs from the Southwest Pacific in tlic pvrson of
Lt. Bill Nngcngast, ‘40. He has bccn llici'c almost two

years but hopcs to gcf a f

relieve soldiers with ovci

been drooling with envy
his furlough. Bill says.
here and 99’} of my act
ship."

'iii'lougli soon if Ilicy (lccidc to

' 18 month's Sf'l‘\'l(‘t'. llc has
siiicc Kiinz \vi'olc him about
"Life gocs on as usual ovcr
ivitics arc covcrcd by censor—

From Camp Cruddcr lCl‘()\\'(l‘.'l' the Army Intclligcnts
call it! “lloly Joe" Roulier cxtcnds wishes of kindncss

to all inhabitants of ion
guess what hangouts.

iicr iiangouts. Guess who in

Lt. llowie Merriam, '41. one of ilic bovs who didn‘t
take D.V.'s advice and instead joined the Navy has

address at Fleet Post Off

icc in San Francisco.

Now at Maxwell Field. Alabama arc Norman x. l-‘incr
and Ernie Mcnillo, '45. who are taking their basic train—
ing . . . Lt. Robert Mesek has bccn transferred from
the Air Service Department to Logistics Dcpurtmcnt

in Orlando. Florida . . . ll

arry “lll)-aii(l-af—'ciii" l’assow

is at Yale University learning communication the
Army way. Ira llirsli should join him soon.

IIITCHCOCK TELLS

Miss Hitchcock. who used to teach the use of Physical

Force at State has finis
Camp Lejeune. N. C.. bee
the Women's Auxiliary of

lied her officer‘s training at.
n commissioned 2nd Licut. in
the Marine Corps and assign-

ed to Camp Elliot. San Diego. Calif. Allliough it's the

toughest thing she ever
about it.

Ensign Moose Gerber
a permanent station at
14 miles from Norfolk. a

tackled. she says she's crazy

has finally bcI-n assigncd to
Little Ci'cck. Virginia. about
Navy town. As far as Moosc

is concerned. “the Navy can keep it.” . . . Mike lic (loin.
36. who was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Air

Force is in Klaine. Utah

. awaiting shipment ovcrscas

. . . Another “college commando" is l’i'c. Gil (‘orhin at

Michigan Tech.

We are laughing at (i
man of State who once 1
people. Texas A & M is

oldstcin. the egg and buttcr
auglied at Science and Math
teaching him a thing or two

about them. . . . . Bill Grafton former '45cr, rcliii‘ncd

from obscurity to let us

know that he is in the Air

Force at Davidson College. North Carolina.

JABBERWOCKY

We can always get a story from Barseiou. Paul is at,
Coleman Field, Texas. and when asked how llt’ was

doing. said “quite well—v»
different views. Sometii

I tiiink. My instructor has
ncs he gets so discoumgcd.

This morning he said to mew
“Can you see all right up tlicrc?"

I answered yes, very pl

cased at his solicitude.

“Then why the li . . . don't you look around?"

SOB SISTER

Lt. (‘urroll Lehman, AP
happen to him. He 'as
spot of malaria and now

0. New York. has cvci'ylhfng
in the hospital first with it
finds himself in a (liffcrcnt

hospital with yellow jaundlcc, doubling for Fu Manchu.

LOVE AN S’l‘llli‘li‘
Little liai'dcsty doocd

it and walkcd up illf‘ aisle

with Ensign ()wrn Hoi'biu'd. .liinc Soutliwick and It‘n—

sign Sol Grccnbcrg stood

cnsigns wcrc gradiuilcd fr

IN SYMl’A'l‘llY
Francis Ii. Lippold of I

up for thc pair. Boll) of Illt‘
oin Columbia University.

he Unich Slates Nil\'\ (lit'tl

in October from ll inysfci'lous tropical discasc. Lippon

graduated from State in
Education. in taught in
schools bcfoi'c enlisting ii
adds ont- illfil’t‘ (iold Slur

Weekly Bulletin

l"l'l‘3H

’i'lo- l'.iil 'i'iinc l'Iinploy»
llll‘lll lillll.l|l l‘llllllillﬁi‘ﬂl'h
llilll‘ .ill 'llllll‘lll’s sliolilil
iiulili \li~.~ \In w-ai in
lIn-un Sloiws' Iii'l‘ici- of llll‘ll'
.ll'i’t‘Illillll‘l‘ oi‘ i‘ci'linill of
cioploymvni of'l'cri-d lliciii
ilirougli lln- lfurciiii. This
will avoid any confusion
concerning Jobs available to
others si-oliiiig cinployiiioiil.

(‘ALICNDAIE

Vin-c ill l‘i'of‘cskor llidloy
Will Hpcillf to H fiiiiiima Mu
iin-iiibci's tonight at H l‘.M.,
lll Ilio Lounge.

 

June. 15133. with :1 HS lll
scycrol Ncw York Stiitc llllili
l llic Navy, l.ippold's dcalli
to State"; Hci'vicc Flilt',

_

I’II ii ’wijvlioiiiui'c ,\III'
lv'Ill llllii l.ll\l‘~ plii~‘i- In
inuiiuii ill llll‘ I'olnnioiis III
A l‘.\l

llci' Ii Willilj llii'oi'ii
Ini: Hour of l.’ noon in lio-

licc ll f‘ul. rinssm for

lit-c lo t'lii'inlnitin l'.II'l\
:igc. third of lift: ’f'i-ii. will
lu- pi'csi-nli-d ill 7 iii) l' M in
Page llnli Auditorium

lim' lli l'li'l'l'l' llllll
I'lii'islnias l'ui'ly

lit-c l7 l‘lii'inliinin \':icii-
Iioii iii-gins at 11! noon.

 

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1943

PAGE 3

 

Campus Chest Charis Campaign; Nelson To Give College Men On Sale Cheap;
Captains, Corporols Collect Cosh Assembly Talk Auction Dance Slated Tomorrow

“Food for thought” . . , Have
you given your fifty cents for
Campus Chest yet?

“Did you say fifty cents?"

“Yes, I said fifty cents."

Sounds like Peg Bostwlck doesn't
it? Well, it is—either Peg. or one
of her co-workers on this year’s
Campus Chest drive, of which Peg,
’45, is chairman.

The war is behind much of this
year's happenings, and the Campus
Chest drive for 1943-44 has can-
vassers acting under the titles of
“Captain” and “Corporal.” The
captains are. of course, over the
corporals and take in any money
the corporals may receive from the
contributing students.

At Pierce Hall. Editli Beard. '44.
is acting as captain. Under her
direction, eight girls will collect
fifty cents. each student's contribu-
tion. from the Dormitories.

Janet Rec. ‘44, is captain at Saylcs-
Hall. with eight girls to help; Ruth
Donovan. ‘45, is 'llDtillll of the coin-
nniici's. mid has morc than twenty
helpers under her direction, Ollicr
group houses have captains as fol-
lows: Newman Hnll. Ruth Sclimift.

Rushing Closes——

(Coil/iilmrl from I’Iii/i If
Sarah J. Johnson, Franccs P. McCor-
mick. Mary Ruth McNamara, Dor—
lcnc Moscliak. Paula I. Nosnl. Mary
E. Reynolds. Regina M. Scliiicck.
Alpha Epsilon l’lii:

Celena Axeli'od. Lillian Bi'inin.
Judith Dube, Roslyn Kantor, Con—
stance Lcsslcr. Muricl Rubin. Ruth
Trachtenbcrg. Caroline Bcrg.
Gamma Kappa Phi:

Gloria Bi'eelin. Ann Callahan.
Geraldine Callahan. Beverley Cross-
ley. Evelyn DOi'l‘. Ruth Davenport.
Janice Goodrich. Elizabeth Harding.
Jane Laf‘fcrty. Irene McCorniack.
Mary Ellen Maloncy. Florciicc Mcl-
esky. Ktilherinc Murphy. Marian
Vitullo. Louise Winters.

Beta Zeta:

Gloria Baker, Ruth Bentley. Bctty
Brennan, Carolyn Coopci', Lois
Hutchinson, Helcn Jennings, Alicc
Knapp, Margaret Paliiiatici'. Roberta
Smith, Janette Soulc. Susanne Staf-
ford, Dorothy ’l‘cvcrin. Virginia
chei'in. Margaret Winlcr.

Phi Delta:

Elaine Acker, Marilyn Anderson.
Alice Becker's. Jane Braithwaitc.
Mary Braithwaite, Hilda May Kincli.
Annette Koehn. Lorna Kunz. Lois
Newton, Theo Stui'gcs. Jean Thorn—
liill, Margaret Van Akeii: also Fran—
ces Barnhart, ‘45. Mary Bess Vcrnoy.
’46. and Marianne Davis. '46.

Fresh Club Fixes Date
For Christmas Service

The annual Christmas Chapel
Candlelight Service. again sponsor-
ed by Fi'osli Club of Student Chris—
tian Association, will be held in the
Unitarian Chapel next Sunday at
5:30 i". M.

The main theme of the service
will be flic reading o. llic traditional
Christmas story by Carolyn Mll-
clicll. At various points in tlic
story, Cln'istiiias carols will bc sung.

Miss Mitclicll is (icnci'al Chan‘—
lllilll of the program l’uli'iciu lins-
scll (lll‘t'f‘ih l’ublicify. and Joan Al-
vcrson will plan lllt' music. Jaincs
Conch is in (‘lllll‘.’t' of the ])l‘fi-
grains. and general :ii'i‘nngcnicnls
ill‘t’ being supervised by (.ici'fi'utlc
Smith.

i GUSTAVE LOBEY
l STUDIOS

l
l
il l’lione Ii-iz'il-i
|

'45; Moreland, Josephine Simon,
'45; Wren, Marge Worsley, ’46;
Nelson, Eleanor Lawton, ‘45; Stokes,
Beth Harper, ‘46; Farrell, Jean Fer-
ris. ‘46; Sayles Hall Annex and the

Miner. '46; Chi Sigma Theta. Joan
Hyliiid. '45; Psi Gamma, Margaret
Sclilott, ‘45; Kappa Delta, Dot
’l‘ownsend. '44: Gamma Kappa Phi,
Angela. Fabrizio. '45; Phi Delta, L.
Harris, '45; Beta tha. Lucille Stitt.
'45; AE Plil. Beatrice Raymon, '45.

Lcah Tischlcr. '45. is Chairman of
Publicity: Peggy 'Dec. ’45, is in
charge of collections from the fac-
ulty. Jran Winyall. ‘45, is head of
the group contributions; and Mary
Now will keep students informed
about ilic progress of the campaign.

The canvassci's began their work
on chncsday. December 8. and
illf‘ drivc will closc Friday, Decem-
bcr 17. Miss Bostwick requests the
coinici'ation of all ilic sludciils to
put across the drive. Procccds will
go to the World Student Scrvicc
Fund. which will distribute the
moncy rquiilly uniting various char-
ilublc organizations and war relief
societies.

Forum To Hear
SiondingonRoce

Dr. Thcodoi'c Standing, Professor
in Economics. will speak licforc
Foium iii-xi chncsdny on the sub-
jcci of racial tolci‘ancc.

Since the past fcw meetings of
Forum liavc bccn dedicated to the
dcbatc and discussion of racial
prejudices in regard to chs. Ne-
groes, and Catholics, Dr. Standing
has agrccd to give his opinions,
particularly with reference to the
Ncgi'o problem. His opinions are
rcportcd to be not ones that have
bccn inculcach by propaganda
writers or hot-headed orators;
rather. they are the results of a
careful survey which he has con-
ducted himself.

lh‘. Standings maiii aim in his
lcciurc and discussion is to promote
a i’ccling oi toicrancc among the
college students of today as he. in
conjunction with most educators.
:igrccs that tolerance is one of the
niosi csscntial qualities in a future
tcaclici‘.

Forum this week is open to all
who arc interested. The meeting
will be held Wednesday. 3:30 P. M.
in thc Lounge.

Students, Faculty Submit
Pictures To Photo-Exhibit

(in flic second floor of Draper,
picturcs submitted to thc Photo-
lehibit bv students and faculty may
now be sci-n on display.

Landscapes and naturc study pi'c-
dominate thc photos submitted by
stiidcnls. Ilowcvcr, there are scvci'nl
shots of students around tlic campus.
A clever trick of photography is
portrayed in the pictures showing
l'l‘il"('il(illh, particularly lliosc of the
flask and car wheel.

The faculty is well rcprcscnlcd by
Dr Howard A. Dobcll. Professor of
Mathematics and Di'. Minnie l3.
Scotland. Assistant Professor of lilo-
logv lii' Dohcll's contributions con-
sist mainly of poi'li'nils of State
\voincn, wliilc l)r Scotland's consist
of lundscapcs, niitui'c studies. and
pcojilc

Pi Omega Pi Admits Senior

Homo lizillisun, '-l~i. was initiated
into l’i (inn-go l’i. niiiioniil lionoi'ui'y
coinnn-i‘cc fraternity. of u niccting
licld last Monday night.

4»: 

Voting, Xmas Preview

Going . . . going . .

To Round out Program the little freshman for only 11 cents!

Yes, the women of State will at

. gone! The State.” only the best. yes, the very
tall blond senior knocked down to best bands in the land. will furnish

music for the dancers.
No one could deny that the Soph-

Li ~ . . The “Ss'embly DI‘Ogl'IUII this IIIOI'II- last realize the satismcuon Of that omore Auction-Dance offers a lot of
o 101 men of the college, James ing will be devoted to a number of Old yen—to dance with men. Under fun. For the second “me, the Class
items. After pan-fem Laumer, ’44, the supervision of Helen Slack. chief of I46 is stepping out of “m, to offer

Student Association

President, barker and auctioneer, fifteen men students a good “me.

Last year,

bounds the gavel. DI“. Milton G. Will be auctioned {01' “II “0111' 0‘ after upper-classmen had hopelesle
Nelson. Dean of the College. will dancing at the Sophomore Auction- abandoned the possibility of war-
speak for a few minutes to the stu- Dance tOIIIOI‘l'OW at 8 PM- in the time dances, the Verdant “1661's de-
dcnt body concerning the recruit- Commons.

ing of i‘reslnnen for next year‘s
class.

lcge students about NYSCT.
this year. the class of '48 will con-

as ‘47 docs.

prcvicw of illf' third presentation
of the Big Tcn, the Christmas
Puckagc.

After announcements are coni-
plctcd. the entire student body will
join in singing Yuletidc carols. and
a Christmas surprisi- will be pre—
scntcd.

The assembly shite ends with the
election of Grand Marshal. Georgia
Hardcsty Bombard. and Marjorie
Brcunig. Seniors, are candidates for
the Major office under the Major-
Miiior Office Plan. The Grand
Marshal is in charge of the former
‘iinipus Commission and organizes
Moving-Up Day activities.

Twenty-Nine Students
Still Tax Delinquents

Dr Edward L. Cooper. Supervisor
of Commerce and faculty adviser to
the Board of Audit and Control. rc-
ported that twenty-nine students
have not paid their student tax. The
names of seven Seniors, ten students
from the Junior Class, seven Soph—
oinorcs and five from the Class of
’47 have been submitted in a list to
Dr. Nelson.

Dl'. Cooper said that the Board
docs not cxecrcisc the prerogative to
"hold a stick ovcr any student's
head" bccause he has not paid his
twelve dollars. It is a student's own
concern if he ncglccts paying his
share toward Student Association
activities.

The BAC's iii—monthly report. of
receipts and disbursements has been

will men be

Dean Nelson stated that the large auctioned; mis-
niunbcr of present freshmen is due c cllan eous
to the efforts of State men and items of just as
women who visited high schools in much interest
tlieii"h0inetowiis (luring Christmas and value to
vacation. talking with potential col- the stu (font
‘ .If body will be
students will do the same thing auctioned pic-
, lures. clothes.
tum as gr'ai a number of students ivwelrv and 31--
r H , n I ticlcs from the

l‘he Miliicttcs sinking “Smoke 004,133”, mm;
Gets In Your Eycs" will prcccde a n [cw of this,
featured articles that will be auc-
lioiicd. It's really amazing what
one can pick up at an auction.

But not only

 

It‘s also amazing what more stu-

Aucfion—Dance for only 10 cents. iii-

cluding tax. There will be refresh-

ments and booths to test the skill

the evening’s entertainment. a $25
War Bond will be given away. All
this and men too for only one dime.
one tenth of a dollar. including tax.

In order to give the women l1
chance to brush up on dance rou—
lincs, there will be an hour of
dancing before general auctioning
begins. This will also allow the
men time for preparation to sec that
the fair bidders get their money's
worth. Since the motto for the
cvcning is "Nothing but the best for

 

Recording Hour Gives
aried Music Program

A varied musical menu will be
offered by the committee of the
Weekly Recording Hour next ’l‘ues-
day at noon.

The selections, representing sev—
eral different types of music. in-
clude Borodin’s Iii Nu: i‘n'lcppcs of
Ccnlrul Asia, Mozart's iS'i/niplioiii/
No. I,“ If} Minorl, Weber’s Occr-
Iurc lo Ollf’l't)”, and Berlioz's Roiiidii
Cm'nii‘dl ()i‘ci'liu‘cs.

A number of other records will
be played during the remainder of
the hour. Any suggestions for

cided to give the men one last fling,
in the form of Fresh Hop.

Now it is the Auction—Dance, a
wonderful chance to get rid of ac-
cumulated pennies which will be-
come part of the Sophomore contri-
bution to the united war effort.
Dancing. cats. men. a $25 War Bond,
miscellaneous items, and booths all
for ten cents.

State To Offer
7 Music Courses

With the beginning of the second

dciits are offered at the Sophomorc semester of the school year, seven

music courses will be offered to
State College students. All courses
listed in the catalog for the spring

of those who attend, with i'cwards semester of 1944 will be given if a
offered to those who excel. To top

sufficient number of students ex-
press a desire to take them.

The following courses are offer-
cd: Ap/n-ociufi'oii of Music including
the intelligent appreciation of the
art of music. musical forms with
illustrations in the classroom, and
musical history: Music 2, Chorus,
which gives training in tone-produc-
tion and sets up a chorus for col-
lege concerts: Music 2.4, Chorus, a
study of specified songs; Music BB,
Chorus, :1 study of specified coni—
posers; Opcrulic Socicty, which
provides a training in the presenta-
tion of light opera; Elcnicnlm'y
Ilfll'nlfnlll, a technical study of mu~
sic; and Advanced A])[)I‘r.’(‘i(lli01l of
Music which requires special at-
tention on the representative sym-
phonic works from Wagner to the
present.

While all of these courses offered
in the field of Music are full-year
ones, it will be possible for students
who have not completed the first
semester of a course to begin the
second semester in February.

Baker Addresses Engineers
Mr. Ernest C. Baker. Chief Engi-

posfed 0n the bulletin board in first future presentations will be accept- beer of the College, addressed a

floor Draper.

ed by the committee.

Composed Queens Woii, Wail,
Worry, Wolch Hours Go By

by Betty litiII‘fu‘o

"'l'omorroic rind llIlIllll‘I'Illl' (Ultl
lullltll‘l‘lill‘ (‘I't'l ps- on this [iclly [nu-r."

ilow many more nights to wait?
The jllllgllilfl,’ hysteria of a tele-
plioiic two floors below, a long pul-
sating silence that. becomes :in eter-
nity, then the ominous buzzing
in the third floor corridor . . . one,
two, tlii'cc . . . . would it ring once
morc'.’

That's what it‘s like to bc camp—
uscd! Every second ’tll eight
o'clock is drained dry. every min-
ulc vcnci'iitcd. What do tlicsc scin—
tillutiiig students who are i'cfcri'cd to
with ironic humor as “Cunipused
Queens," think. feel and say about
this involuntary solitary confine-
iiiciit.

l.cl's lake the case of Esther X.
l‘iblllt‘l' was u llvcly, vivacious Soph-

omore when school opened in Sep-
tember; she went to all the college
activities. and despite the M. S.
situation, she had a date every
now. . . . One night she started out
in the early PM. with a New and
Different date. Iiisensible to the
impending doom, oblivious of the
hours, she lent herself to the even-
ing‘s entertainment; he not having
a watch on him. did the same. The
upshot. of this "Tragedy in State
College Minor" wus flint Esther X.
was one hour and 11';- minutes
lillt', or six wecks in retirement.

Now Esther has finally returned
to civilization, But her friends are
worried about llt‘l'. She is no long-
cr livcly, vivacious; her color is
poor illfil‘iil of the story is Tim:
(.‘ois Hi] lilil for (losli Hiikc, llon'l
ln-t the No. If 'l‘i'oilcy."

 

HOLSUM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY’S BREAD

Kl.lClCN~l\lAll) Will'lAT
llOLSUM (‘ltACKlIlli WlllCA’l‘
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

1 WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

group of Institutional Chief Engi-
neers at their conference llCld in
New York City, November 30 and
December 1.

The topic on which Mr. Baker
spoke was "Conservation of Energy."
In this connection. he mentioned
methods of avoiding waste of elec-
tricity and fuel. Mr. Baker also
stressed cooperation of the adminis—
tration with the engineers in his
speech.

 

GOOD FOOD

ill a li‘rieiidly,
(‘oi’iii'orfublc

Atmosphci'c

“lows

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

   
  
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
     

mung; toms;

vim-r

i
ll

 

   

