     
       
               
            

 

    
        
     
     
           
       
        
          
          
       
   
   
    
    
   
 
   
 
 
    
  
   
 
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
    
  
  
    
     
        
 
 
  
   
 
  
    
 
  
  
   
   
    
  
     
   
   
  
    
     
    
 
    
   
  
  
     
  
 
       
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Emblliiied May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

November 12, 1943 No. 9

Vol XXVIII
Member Distributor

Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS iioard for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office. 5-0373; Baxter, 2-5545; Sterrgel, 8-2804:
I‘lelrert. 2-2752.

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

National Advertising Servrce, Inc
College Publisher: Repnnnmn‘re

420 MADISON A'II. NEW YORK. N.

CHICAGO ‘ BOIVOI ' LOI Allllll ' SAN FIIICISCO

The News Board
MARY B. STENGEL _ -

JANET K. BAXTER . -
JANE PICKERT - - BUSINESS MANAGER
LILLIAN GROSS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
BERTRAM KILEY - - SPORTS EDITOR
SUNNA COOPER _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
JANE HEATH - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DOROTHY MEYERS - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

“6mm 2

All communleations slroirld be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S'l‘A’l‘itl (‘tililrltitllii NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or eomnnmlealIons
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect ts view.

it Isn't Too Late

Although November isn’t the beginning of a fiscal
year, this month nevertheless be a fitting one in
which to take inventor‘ywinventory of ourselves.

It might be worthwhile to take a few rnirnrtes off
and look back over these past three months and see
what we’ve accomplished, to see if we can score at
least one tangible achievement.

Let's be fair to ourselves. The easiest thing in
the world is to be swept into a course of wishful
thinking. But that course is also the nrost danger—
ous, for when one is a wishful thinker, he uncon-
sciously loses sight of his goal, his objective. He
might even forgct his purpose for corniirg to collegc.

And then. it is a case of too little, too late.

Because it‘s so easy to iiver-exaggerate our own
importance. and because it's so difficult to think
lcvelly, and because it's so typical of us to feel
sorry for ourselves .'\.\'li lil'ICAi'Sl'l .\l.l. THIS 18
A LOT ()l" WiSlll'i'i. 'l‘l'll.\'l\’l.\'tiw we'd like to
print some excerpts of one of lir. Nelson‘s personal
letters. It was written by a member of the class of
'46, who had to lcavc for the .-\rm_v before complet-
ing his freshman year.

 

EDITOR-IN-CH fr
CO~EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

Somewhere in .\'oth Africa
liear llcan Nelson.

Somehow i always have “State” on my mind. I
guess I'll never forget my frosh ycar. .\nd now i
really understand what schooling, education, and
studying really is. it's sort of little too late now.
i guess. liut in the event. that some day maybe
we’ll return, makes me want to come back and
continue with rmrclr greater energy behind my
studies. '

. Candy and griirr are scarce. About once a
week we get some rations. lint I guess war is war.
i wish the folks back home would realize that the
vast articles that they have handy are precious.
lioy! How id like to see those “coke” machines
and the snack bar in the lower halls of l'lucslcd.

it sure is odd to enter a foreign country, different
languages, money, and customs. You should see
these Arabs!

Well, all these sights and scenes are good exper-
iences and an education in itself. it makes one
know the large opportunities that are available to
a man iii the States. Also. he realizes that he lived
like a king.

... if our students and people Wotlltl rclizc this, it
would maybc stimulate unity arid the idea of using
their common daily tools for better causes and
results.

Now i know why travelling is a good teacher, and
also what is one of the important factors of good
teachers in that profession.

\\’cll lit-an l'vc said enough so l'd better close.

Your student,
Martin liortnick

In other words, we can he wislifully thinking
about our studies, too. It would be simple to sail
along on a cloud of lillss if it weren't for exarrrs. It
would be simple to tour the world today if it weren't
for the war. It would be simple to lean on the other
fellow if it weren't so vital that each one be able to
stand on his own feet.

An so it’s time we appraised ourselvr-s for what
we're really worth its time We faced the facts
and stopped looking so opllllilsilt when we glance
into the mirror.

As lh‘. Nelson would say, “No, Marty, it’s not
too late.”

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1943

Art Appreciation

by CATHERINE SMITH

Sprenger's dramatic fantasy was
as good an AD production as we've
seen this year. Lights, setting, cos-
tumes and the play itself made a
beautifully integrated whole. Char-
acterization was excellent; I have
never seen Lucille Kenny do a better
job. Her interpretation was impres-
sive, although her gestures were
monotonous and self-conscious—es-
pecially in the first two scenes during
which she used only forearm move-
ments. In the same scenes, most of
her fascia] expression was obscured
iecause the lights were focused too
iU'\V.

Margery Norton was excellent, es-
,ecially in her offstage scene. Her
expression and her evident feeling
for the part were amazing.

Drooz turned in her usual capable
performance. Clyde Cook has im-
proved in stage presence and delivery
since his last appearance. The three
servants were well-done. De Cormier
in particular has an excellent voice,
and Dorr‘s movement is to be corn-
mended. Myers is always reliable.
but her character was not so well-
sustained as the other two.

The color schemes. especially in
the costumes, helped to create the
mood. The music at. the beginning
was a good device, which would have
been more effective if it had been
carried through the other scene
changes. The number of sets made
the play a terrific undertaking, btrt
the combination of Sprenger, Joyce,

 

Heck, Dr. Hardy, and stagecraft
turned out an excellent job.

We liked it. Sprenger.

The Weakest spot in Kiley's farce
was Kiley himself which is excus-
able under the circumstances. His
cast was changed three times in the
last week, and he finally drafted
himself. The other tw0 replace-
ments, Mary Dee Alden and Mark
Blunt, certainly turned in an excel-
lent job. Mark stole the show; his
stage presence is astounding and
he has a definite comedy sense.
Simon’s performance showed work-
manship. Lansky did as well as could
be expected in a first appearance.
His voice is good, but his movements
were too staccato. Joyce’s character
was the most sharply outlines, but
her gestures became tiring toward
the end. Still, we forgive Joyce al-
most anything because of her voice.
She is practically the one person
whom we can always hear.

Tempo was excellent. Speed is
the important thing in farce and
speed is difficult to attain.

One other thing—Riley’s make-up,
or rather, Kiley‘s lack of make—up.
The poor boy looked terribly, terribly
pale and wan.

So we liked your presentation too.
Kiley. and we liked the entertain-
ment between plays. One gripe we
have to offer—Milne students blight
our life. There must be some way
to gag them when we try to enjoy an
evening's relaxation. If they can’t
keep quiet at the plays, we see no
reason why they should attend.

 

’0;th

——'—“—'—by IIIIUNA RYAN

I have some apologies to make
this week. I have an apology to
make for the girl who, when I asked
her what she thought of tire Moscow
conferences, said, “()h. are they
having conferences there?” My
apology for her goes to that sailor
who was ordered to the rear by his
senior officer in a landing operation.
He refused to go. “But. you're wound-
ed." his officer said. "Hell, sir." he
yelled in indignation, "That’s only
BLOOD!"

To him I say I am sorry we're so
busy with the important activities
going on around here that We can't,
take the time to read about what
he's lighting for. Of course, I'll look
like a fool, because he was so
busy fighting that he didn't even
have time to wipe the blood off his
face. He‘d probably look at me
rather curiously.

Maybe, on second thought, it would
be better to apologize to the children
of Greece who died with swollen
bellies, arid their ribs alinOst burst-
ing through their diseased skins,
died on the streets quite horribly and
hopelessly from simple starvation.
I'd apologize to them for the girl
who said to me, “I just don't have
any money to buy War Stamps,“ and
lit her fifth cigarette in an hour.
I‘d tell them she has to buy
lunches. and books and clothes,
and then my voice would choke in
iriy throat. I guess I'd better trot
attempt that. one either.

Well. there was that naval pilot
who flew off with ten Jup Zeros in
pursuit to certain dealh~ so that
his carrier would not. be attacked.
I could explain to him about the
fact that two-thirds of the Slate
student body didn't sign up for war
activities. 'l‘hev have lots of studies
and activities. l‘d mutter. and war

Weekly Bulletin.—

lll‘llf \|.I) 'I'IIIIII \I'Z

.\n,\ student \vi-hrng to subscribe to
life Herald Tribune .il I'r\-- cents per
eopj should contact .\,‘,tll“> \oung, ‘lti,
|:_\ ~'ridr-n| mall.

I'lltt'l'iHilI.\l‘ll\ I'l\I|IIH'I‘

.\|| entries for thr- l‘hoto l‘lxhlbil to
he ln-Irl on the second lloor' ol‘ Ill'.||ii‘t'
lh-e, ti through flee to should be sub
mllied In .\lury “t'll_\ Sir-rigel. 'II, or
la-ah 'l'isl'lrlI-r, 'I-‘I. liel'oi'e lice '_".l.

l'l'ilIAIiiN-l I‘l

Students are urged If) Mary iloinann,
’il, editor ol' the I'eilrigogtie, to sub
nilt their entries to the l'edagogire
Snapshot i‘onti-st as orifill as possible.

 

work just adds to their burden. That
would be lovely hypocrisy, wouldn‘t
1’ He gave tip his college and his
fun so that we could lead safe slici—
tcred selfier little lives here, and I'd
explain to him that We‘re too busy
to spend a couple of hours a week
helping him out. Brit. I can‘t. make
that apology anyway. You see, he
never entire back from that time he
flew off from the safety and shelter
of his carrier. He chose to die.

Then there are those Poles who
were herded into box-cars, which
were filled with quick—lime to their
ankles, and left there while their
feet were eaten away. and they (lied
in remorseless unrelenting agony.

To them, to the brave and un—
daunted everywhere; to the unknown
men arid women who have been
beaten. and shot and tortured: to
those who have risked their own
safety and that of their families in
underground movements; to the
humble, the simple. everywhere, who
have died simply because they felt
this was their war; to all those who
have suffered so that. we here in
State have not known what it. is to
eower iii a cellar during an alr'«r'aid,
to hear the trend of enemy feet on
our streets, to die the slow death of
a concentration camp; to all those
I give. my apology—for two-thirds
of a student body.

I apologize with a humble sense
of my own inadequate contributions
lll this war; I apologize. knowing
that. an apology is meaningless to
those who he somewhere lll shallow
graves or in the uncaring seas.

But, still. my shamed apology. for
those who were too busy, too care-
less, too forgetful, to make a simple
gesture of comradeship arid fellow-
ship with those who know the ter-
rible realities of war. As little good
as it will do- sortie of us apologize.

('.\l.l‘l\l).\lt

\o\ I.’ .\l‘.\ l'hor'us ri-loal'sut ||l
Ilnv l.oung=-. .Iitl |’ .\I

\o\ |‘.' St'.\ \leeting iii the lirglt-
ltooiu of l'ir-I'ci- Hall of S100 l'. .\l.

.\or I:'. Newman Ilall ll|it'lllitif|.~i-
s no I'. .\f

\..t |:: (islris n Page llrdt Audi
tor.rrrir S Jill I' .\l ill'lit‘l‘dl arlfirlssion
i-iglri\ ll\l‘ l't'lllh Iil‘si'l'l'r'll sI-rils all Ill.
Horror admission by tax ticket

\or lIi t'nli Illrl‘ht‘h in Itooiit III. I‘.!
\oon
Nov. 17 illllel \leefing in the Lounge
Jl15itl I’. M.

  

.rt
Nov. 15’ Newman t‘lub Meeting ill
Newman Hall, 725')“.

 

MW

at

Q!

by KIPPY MARSH

 

 

 

RYAN GINGER

This week’s series of the Big Ten featured the musi-
cal comedy which Ryan and Studebaker wrote last
year as a full production, cut down and directed by
Ryan. This temperamental bombshell does a full-time
job on many activities and she has not always had the
public recognition that others of merit have received.
Ryan is one person whose explosions will be missed
next year.

HURRAH FOR OUR SIDE

The RC. was recently electrifed out of its sedate
tranquility by your columnist's running in and shouting
at the top of her lungs, which by the way hold up
pretty well, that she had just received her first fan
letter. Since then we have received a couple more
and we would like to say that we appreciate them and
will answer every one faithfully and promise to do
likewise with everyone else, male or female. who takes
the time to write commendation, denunciation or just
plain pass the time of day . . . .

Some of the fellows who write are pretty jealous of
the fact that so many State men have had a chance
to come back to their old stamping grounds. Well,
don't give up fellows, you'll have the chance. And
when you do. don’t forget to come into the P0. and
sign the guest log. This is a new institution and we
hope that such choice tid-bits as it will gather will
prove interesting. especially to the fellows who come
afterward. It will in addition give the Circulation
department a chance to catch up on addresses. While
we're on the subject we should like to say a word iir
defense of said department. We know that several of
you fellotvs have not. been receiving your News. but.
the Circulation department is under-staffed and busy,
and cannot. send Sherlock Holmes to hunt down
addresses, Have your friends come in and tell
the kids where you are or write a letter. They're doing
the best. thev can . . . . .

FROM OUR lil'ISK

Ben Ingraiiam,  was commissioned a second lieu-
tenant last month at graduation eXercises of (JCS in
Port Washington, Maryland . 2nd Lt. Ray Nibie
is stationed at Independence. Kansas. intsructing tl\'l'.l—
tion cadets in weather and navigation . . , Dring'ci'ous
overseas duty landed ilerb lit-ticker in the hosi‘il'il
to have his tonsils out . . . . Harry linden. '-f.’i. is wt :llllt‘l'
observing in that land where '11:. rumored the \\'t"llllt‘l'
needs no observing. sunnv California . . . .‘Iax :ryltt‘s.
'40, having received his connnistaion and bourbui'diers
wings. at Wendovcr Field, Utah. is now on anti—sub
patrol . . . Former Sports Editor Peter, iirady.\\'illing
and Able Marchetta. is receiving his commission the
seventeenth of this month . . . . From the Army Med—
ical Centre in Washington, Ira lv‘r-eedman writes that
he is in the Psychopathic Division but that the pretty
nurses manage to restrain him when he gets iii one
of his spells . . . . (ilcnn I'ngerer is a weather officer
at the McCook Air Base in Nebraska.

NOOSIC NOTES

The top matrimonial news of the week comes from
two '43ers. Mary MacManus and Rolf ’I‘oepf‘er who
surprised all interested spectators by "taking the fatal
step“ . . . . It is rumored in certain circles that l'Id
Tompkins plans to get married on his return home , . .
And to get back to the wimmin. Ll. Marie Mela. Kit).
WAC, is now in Fort Custer, Michigan as Assistant to
the Sale Officer, and it looks like a duration job.

INCIDENTAL

We wish that the fellows who write back their ad-
dresses and such would put their class . . . . It takes a
lot of time to hunt them Lip and everybody has his
own idea about it . . . . Changes of address have come
from Dow Bitlman, ’43, who has been transferred to
Maxwell Field. rind Frank Learner who now has an
APO number.

It‘AMILIAIt FACES

College Commandos Lynch, Beach, Iiiviano and (told—
stem were again Welcomed brick to school last w'cek.
(ioldy, in his usual interesting style gave it brief talk
and sang a few approved songs and parodies. lie spoke
for all the fellows in the Services saying that no matter
where the boys \vere sent. a furlough would always find
them brick at State. Of course, the ratio probublv
doesn't have a thing to do with it. .

I’US'I‘S, ('AMI'S ANI) S'l‘A'I'IUNS

'l't‘rom the wilds of Washington come gruesome details
of a meeting of Pvt. Charlie (.‘apel and S Sgt .luek
(itll'(l('])lii‘, Humor lialli II that all the red pniiit iii
Seattle was carefully locked up when this pair met. but
from‘all indications they got enough to do a good job
of painting the old town a limiting scarlet. (iaudenmus
rgilur!

(llancy "Mole" ()arr burrowed frito the old familiar
tunneling grounds a few days ago looking sharp in his
().l)'s. Still has the aulitc Wit and capacity.

Aleutian bi-iivers wrl find a new competitor in Old.
ilelmutlr Hclrocn. 'l‘lie (lpl, is now the proud possessor
of a brand new set of ill choppers. llc writes graph-
ically of sinking his teeth firto luscious fillet of walrus
blubber steak uird other frozen Northern delicr‘rcies'.
No rationing out. there! Lucky boy.

Celebrating his birthday with his fellow V-7er Gene
(luarfrro is ilul Ashworth. lie left the halls of Union
last. week and is now studying assiduiously in Columbia.
Still able to get up for an occasional weekend.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1!, 1943

PAGE I

 

Rivals in Revolt

An Open Letter to Myskania:

Once again the Soph and Frosh
classes are engaging in that old
custom around State known as Class
Rivalry. Everything was going quite
well until last Friday, Myskania an-
nounced that Rivalry was getting
out of hand and losing its signifi-
cance for building up school spirit.
Personally, I am of the opinion that
Rivalry is much better this year
than last. This, however, is not my
opinion alone, but also the opinion
of at least five members of Myskanla
with whom I have discussed it dur-
ing the past few weeks. 15 Mysk—
ania hypocritical? If Myskania
really thought Rivalry was losing
its significance why didn’t they re-
primand the Fresh men, publicly
in Assembly, when they, for no
reason whatsoever. started brawls
during the first banner hunt? These
brawls were not started for possess-
ion of the banner of either class,
but were merely the whims of some
of the leading lights in the Freshman

class. Could it. be that Myskanfn

is prejudiced? One would think so
from some of the remarks a few 11
wish to emphasize the fact that
not all the members of Myskania are
included in this exposition! have
let drop in public such as "I hope
the Frosh beat those Sophs. but
good.“ Maybe I heard wrong. It's
happened before though.

I do riot wish this letter to be
derogatory in any manner. But I
would just like to remind a few
members of Myskanin that the ques—
tions I have asked above are only
queries that have been asked of me
by students and that since theirs is
an office of trust aird they are in
the public eye continuously, they
should therefore try to be a little
more careful of what they say or do
when out of robe. and above all be
consistent.

Respectfully yours.
ltoberl Sullivan. 'lti

Students Use Air
To Boost Morale

linn.’ ‘:Il(l ii (if envy. 'l'itckir.
"Goldie." and most of the other l>o_'.~
who have ttillll' back have :ltlllllll“(l
it. it can't be lllrl a rumor morale
needs a booster! :s'o. l“tu'tlfil tool-1
steps to do stillillllllli‘. about it with
the initiation oi the letter—writing
activity for telling r»ci'\'h‘t‘ men and
women about (‘olleee :it'llvlllcs. amt
at illl'Nllllt' timekeeping an accurate
account of changes in address for"
Dr. .Ilillt‘r' tile and the News file.

A siin has been posted opposite
the PI). for a week. and there has
been a fair showing of spirit so far.
with more than 2:30 signatures.

Several freslmrcri have patriotic—
ally affixed their names to the list.
among whom are "frisky little" Mary
'i..i'/. Sullivan, and red-headed Mar—
jorie ()‘(lrady Upper‘classiiierr, crip-
able of boosting the morale. have
also signed up. No doubt. Winnie
I..rilkoski, Shirley Ford. and limb
Elgie. among others. will not be at
a loss for words when it comes to
keeping the boys posted by regular.
Air. or V—Mail. dust to make sure
none of State's Service Stars are
slighted. It‘red Shoemaker. honorable
member of Myskaniu, and Mark
Blunt, So]rlromore—aboru-Stutc, have
autographed the list to write to the
WAGS. WAVES. and WAAFS.

Blilw whal to say! if news runs
short. there‘s always plenty of gossip
No matter how much is said about
rivalry, or by whom. there is always
more. On second thought. it might
be wise to oiiiil sonre of the details.
or the tune might change to "is This
Worth Fighting For?"

To get started. you can be subtle
aboul it and explain that it your
letters get answered he'll be certain
of receiving lh' .lones' letter and the
S'I‘A'rr: L‘tll.l.|€t.l. News.

Stewart Guest of Pan Amigos

Wall Hlt‘\\:ll'i. i'i‘olcssoi' of History.
will lecture on Pan American lit-la-
tions at the next meeting of Pan
Amigos to be held 'l‘uesday night at
7:30 in the Lounge.

All students interested in joining
Pun Amigos are invited to attend.
Marjorie liruenig. ’44. Publicin l)fr—
ector' of the organization said, "The
iiieetiirgs held every other 'i‘uesday
are open to all students of Spanish
and Spanish-Amerieair History.

 

To Francello:

According to our governing body,
Myskania, We were definitely in
the wrong, when we captured you last
Thursday night. We were cowardly
and took advantage of the fact that
you are a gentleman. As you may
guess, that public insult aimed at
us really dug deep.

Perhaps we had a little too much
class spirit—perhaps rivalry got in
our blood too much—but we did it.
And—everyone thought it was funnyl
Everybody said it was a good idea
and that. it was good rivalry spirit-—
until we were reprimanded in assem-
bly.

At this point. we must apologize
to you. I'm sure. you‘ll admit to
anyone that oirtslde of the loss of a
little hair. there was no harm done.
You were a swell sport, F‘rancello,
we're sorry it, circled this way.

The Terrible l3

To the. Editor:

Traditions. tradltlonsr—always at
State College it‘s traditions, and I
think traditions are woncierful. They
definitely ought to be looked out
for carried on! I think every State
student will agree with me. Well
then. what happened to the sing
in assembly last Friday?

in previous years. Sophomores
have been allowed to form arches
across the aisles downstairs making
the t'rosh crawl under. We Sopho-
phores got it whrn we were lowly
frosh and this year we were looking
forward to the Assembly sing to
have the fun with the Class of '47
that the (‘lass of '45 had with us.

But this year Sophomores were
asked to remain in their seats! Be-
lieve me. it was no fun. especially
when. led by Mvskania, we had to
so under the arches tirade by the
f'roslr! Who turned the tables and
why?

.\ disgusted Sophomore

Moll, V—Moil
of Servicemen

(ii‘ an attempt might l'lili sonic—
thing like this "Dear Joe: I sit
myself down. u-ncil iir hand. to
typewrite a ll‘llt'l pardon the pen."
r-ltl with a little persevereuce. and
clever manipulation. the trend us—
ually shifts to topics of more riiirtiial
intern-st. Who knows? A lasting
eorri-spondeiice may result!

At any rate. suggestions are (illi—
til-tiltft'l'. as one does iiniclr better
on his own hook. With the name
and address obtained from Forum.
he. already has enough rope to hang
l.ltll\t'li.

(has, (“ear—Elms
Slate Activities

Chemistry Club and Commerce
(‘hib will sponsor social activities
for their respective members this
week.

The annual Chemistry Club ban—
inlet is scheduled for Wednesday
evening. Vincent .J. Shaffer of the
tiencral Electric ltesearch Labor'-
alory, guest speaker, will discuss
his process for producing replicas of
snowflakes.

Wednesday 's program will begin at
-f I’M. with the initiation of new
members in ltoom 250. The Banquet
will be held at ti PM. in the Cafe—
teria. and Mr. Shaifer‘s lecture will
follow at 7 PM. in ltoom 205. The
Student llody is invited. There is a
charge of 7:3 cents for the banquet.

Commerce (‘hib members may
sign up today in lower Draper to
attend a .st'mdtill at the Albany
County (‘oiirt or the Court of Ap—
peals any day next \\'('t'l(. 'I‘hc courts
are in session from it) AM. to 1 Phi
and from 2:in l’ M. to 7 PM.

The (‘ommerce (.‘hib roller skating
party is scheduled for lt‘l'ftlay from
i'litl l’.l\rl. to if PM at Hoffman's
ltoller itink

Agnes lt‘rank, '-i«l, (teneral (‘harr—
man of the skating party, is assisted
by lrldith Iiear‘d. '44. and Rosalyn
Kantor' and Alice Becker, frcslnncn.

'l‘fckets will be sold in the ltrWer
hall of Draper for forty cents, start-
ing Monday.

'Vogue' Sponsors Green Gremlins RoutSOphomores
A5 [475 Bonner is Uncovered

Fashiorlggntest

Seniors May Compete
For Prix de Paris Prize

The 1944 Prix de Paris. Vogue’s
annual college contest for Seniors.
has been formally announced by the
editors of Vogue Magazine. The con-
test began in the November issue
of Vogue and will close on April
20th, 1944.

The purpose of this contest is to
select talented young women with
it flair for fashion reporting, photo-
graphy, decoration, or with an apti-
tude for drawing for positions on
the stuff of Vogue and the other
Conde Nast publications.

’I‘wo Qualifications

The only qualifications necessary
for entrance in this contest are that
the candidate he a Senior in a
United States college or university
which grants a recognized AB. or
13.8. degree. and that she successfully
complete the five different parts
o.' the contest.

Short quizzes consisting of two
questions each, based on a fashion
feature such as music. art, liter—
ature, or the theater will be pub-
lished in the November, December.
January, and March issues of
Vogue. ’i‘hese quizzes must be mail-
ed to Vogue's Pri.r dc Paris, 420
Lexington Avenue, New York 17,
New York. on or before the 20th
of the month in which the qriiz
appears. By April 15th, randidutes
who have passed all the quizzes will
be notified and will thus be eligible
to submit an article in competition
for the major prizes and the Awards
of Merit. This article must be mail-
cd riot later than April 20th.
r'iaff i'osiiions Awarded

’l‘hc two major prize winners will
be given positions on the stuff of
foam where they will work on
fashion reporting or feature writing
for the period of their award either
he year or old months it] lciig‘th.
i'rrr Awards of Merit will also be
:i‘..l"tl(‘(l which will curry oppor-
tunities for positions on the three
'tirer ('onde .\'rist publications
[loom tltlzl (ion/«u, (Humour and
font: I’d/lira [hm/r and will also
curve as entre for interviews will
stores. advertising agencies. and
other publications. l“ivc cash prizes
of $25 t'llt'll will hc given for flu-
bcst (“outﬁts ‘Illlllliliil‘il in the con-
test. \‘.'inriei.~'. will be announced
on or about .lune l. lift-f.

Press Bureau
Directs Publicity

The chief airir of Press iiureau
this year. according to Adele Bucci,
‘44, head of the organization, will
be to publicize the College as iiirrch
as possible.

Students who have been accorded
honors at State have had announce—
ments sent to their local newspapers.
Those who received recognition iii-
clude: the six Seniors named mem-
bers of Sigmrni Laudis, the new
freshman class officers, the Big Ten
Committee, the additions tirade lo
the editorial staff of the State Col-
lege Ulrcrloijll, the officers of the
(‘ornniuiers (‘lirb, (‘nmpirs Queen
candidates and those mentioned in
the story featured in the Albany
’I'iiur s Union on the crowning of the
(.gneen. l‘ress l’ilif‘t'till is now send-
ing out the names of those students
who \vere named on the Dean's List
for the second seiiiestci‘ of "ill.

in order to send oirt complete re.-
leases it is necessary that students’
press cards be filled oirt completely
and brought up to date. All upper
classmen and freshmen who have
not filled out their l’ress liureau
cards are asked to do so iinnictl-
iutely.

 

by Kit Kendall

“We were sent direct from heaven"
sing the frosh. This may or may not
be true, but ’47's cherubs succeeded
in detecting the hiding place of that
bank of green Wool known as the
fresh banner.

“Blue Devils" and “Green Grem-
lins” alike assembled on the campus
at 12:30 PM. last Saturday. to begin
the traditional banner hunt—«the
second this year. The first held on
October 16, ended abruptly when the
freshman banner was uncovered in
the gym by the “devils” of ’46. A
riot ensued, and a freshman woman
was hurt. It was then that Myskanla
stepped into the picture. confiscated
the banner. and re-hid it. The
Sophomore banner remained unde-
tected until 5:30, when some Sopho-
mores transferer it to a place
“somewhere in Albany."

At the second hunt last Saturday,
freshmen. eager for revenge, search-
ed the college. Still boasting “We’re
the grandest class that ever came
to State," the Sophomores looked
ovnr the campus with equal perse-
verance. The Class of '46 was an-
xious to grab off a few more rivalry
points. The classes sought the
elusive banner in every nook and
corner, and then the excitement
began. It was earlyﬂabout 2:30—
for the hunt was scheduled to last
until 5:30. Fortunately. indeed, for

Music Council Names

Ginsburg Member

Rosalind (linsblii'g. ‘46. has been
named a member of Music Council
as a representative of the school
orchestra. Usually. the representa-
tive. selected by the members of the
(‘ouncrl. is chosen :rt the end of the
freshman year. Last year, however,
the selection was impossible because
of the uncertainty of the tfrne that
liiarl Snow. ‘ll. would be called for
military service.

The (‘ouncil is composed of eight
member: one from each class. one
from the orchestra. two from chorus.
and two from (querctta The members
of Music t‘oiincrl for liHli—H are:
l’rt-sidcnt. Nancy Wilcox, 5H; and
'l‘reasuri 1'. Jane Soot hw ick '44. M--ni-
lit-rs at large are Mary I). Alden, "l5:
.li'nii Chapman, 11:3: Elaine Dr'ooz.
, i\l:irv l.ou (Huey. '-lti: and now
Miss (iliisbili‘g. '—lti,

'i‘hc \ucancy in the office of Sec-
retary. left by (‘urinelirnr Losui'do.
11:”) will riot be filled this year. Since
the person would have to be elected
at a regular Student Association
election the Council has decided to
leave the office vacant.

   

Campus Chest.—

(Uoii/iiiurd from Pity/c It

will be competition bet vecri Sayles
and Pierce Halls and also between
the other group houses on campus.
The commuters will work alone and
will have their own goal. Captain
of tire drive for the commuters is
Dorothy Di‘ulle. ‘45.

There will be a poster in the
lower hall of Draper to record the
progress of the Drive day by day.
as well as a hundred percent. honor
roll poster for the group houses.
As cacti house reaches its quota of
fifty cents or rrrore from each per—
son. the name of that house will be
added to the poster in lower Draper.

Miss Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of
Women, is the faculty adviser.

 

Dial: 3—9231 or 3-4232

John’s
Strand Beauty Salon

133 N. Pearl St. Albany, N. I’.

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY 3* 00.

Department Store

North I’ ‘ill'l Street, Albany, N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR Sit YEARS

 

 

 

the down-trodden Frosh, some clever
observing “gremlins” suddenly de-
cided to search the sign in front of
Draper. To the sheer joy of the
group of freshman men. the banner
was contained therein. Then began
the mad scramble to get possession
of the coveted prize and escape with
it. under the noses of the Sopho-
mores. Broken glass and mad haste
followed, but—“The best laid plans
of mice and men—3' A Sophomore
woman was observing this process,
and. at the critical point, a shrill
voice yelled, “Sophomores!” . . . The
fresh, pursued by a group of "Blue
Devils” started on the run. Across
Western Avenue, the frosh fellows
dashed in front of a car. There was
a screech of brakes. The frosh
were last seen galloping in the dir-
ection of Washington Park. Some
freshmen, anxious to aid their class-
mates, together with the Sopho-
mores, still on the trail, searched
for the retreating ‘l‘gremllns’E—but
in vain. The fresh succeeded in
keeping their own banner which is
now in their possession, “somewhere
in Albany.” This evens up the score,
as far as banner rivalry is concern-
ed. for now both classes have the
whole city to comb in their search
for each other's banners. This will
continue until Moving-Up day next
May.

Assembly.—

(Coulhiucd from Page If
scntce Voting Shall Be Carried On
According To The Following Pro-
ccdur‘c:

1. Airy person who has paid his
student tax and who has a legiti-
mate excuse for absenCe from a stir-
dent association or a class meeting
when elections are to be held may
obtain a ballot any time from 8:10
on 'l‘hursday morning until 4:30 the
following Monday afternoon.

2. iallots may be obtained in the
Student (‘ornicil office in the Com—
rnons from a member of the election
commission.

:1. Absentee balloo may be obtained
and placed in the ballot box either
l'l rsonnlly or by proxy.

sf. 'l‘he ballots will be issued in
an envelope bearing absentee voter's
name. It shall be marked in the
customary manner and replaced iii
the envclope. The envelope rimst be
signed by the voter's houscmotlrcr',
parent or bv the dean of the college
and rrnisi also bear the signature of
the voter.

a. The signature of housemother,
parent or (lean must certify
that the absentee voter has a
legitimate excuse for trot hav—
ing been present at the elec-
tion polls.

.’f‘he signature of the voter
must certify the validity of
the ballot.

:‘i. Ballots may be cast in an offi-
cial ballot box placed iii the Strident
Council office.

O

 

(WIN) FOOD

in a Friendly,
(.‘om f'ortable

Atmosphere

Two

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

