 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAV, OCTOBER 2!, 1943

 

All-Stale Special Will Highlight
Games, Dancing, Swing Band

L, Gloria McFei-ran

 

The year is 1943. Formal dances entitles you to play cards, dance,
are out for the duration, but not enloy the entertammentv and eat-
card parties, swing bands, sport, fbthgzzqgciwﬁ do” prizes “Sides
dances and entertainment. In place Anither addgd attraction is the
of the traditional All-State Dance, awarding of a $25 War Bond.
there Wm be the Alpstate special. Donations of ten cents are asked of

the first of the “Big Ten." This new 630“ Subscriber—t0 be paid at any
treat will be a substitute for the 0f the group houses as 50°" as pos'

sible.
temporarily forgotten formals, those You may buy your fifty cent tickets

delectations which are a “thing of at any group house or at the table
the past" unm the war is over in Lower Draper next Thursday and
, ' Friday. You may also make reser-
Thereu be “0 5°“ “ghfs' swmmg vations for a table, if you're planning
formals’ “P'sweep hair do 5““0‘3 this to play cards at the table in Lower
year. Saturday night, October 30, Draper on th'ese days
Pierce and Sayles Halls will be ablaze Don’t wait :tm the'last minute_
with lights. If you were to peek in buy your tickets Now,
the window, you might find one or
two up-sweeps, but no formals. No, . y .
this year style demands sweaters, theleu be fun for evelyonel

Debate Council
Will Sponsor

Todayﬁsembly

Debate Council has planned two
eyents for today, the assembly pro-
gram this morning and competitive
tryouts for the freshman Debate
Squad this afternoon.

The main feature of the assembly
program will be a debate on the
topic, “Resolved: That dates should
be rationed for State College
Women.” Harry Wurtz and Mar-
jorie Breunig, Seniors, will support
the affirmative, while Edna Marsh
and Jane Rooth, Juniors, will take
the negative side.

Judges of the controversy will be

Leps ALL Dr. J. Allan Hicks, Professor of Eng-

tum oukfaculty and Students_ lish, Dr. Louis C. Jones, Assistant
The Professor of English, and Dr. C. C.

large]. the crowd, the larger AIL Smith, Assistant Professor of Educa-

skirts, SOCKS, and saddle shoes; 01‘,  stateis contribution to the  goal tion.

you prefer, dresses and high heels. .. n
But whatever you wear, don’t peek in or the Big Ten’
the window. For fifty cents (tax ,
included) you may view “first-hand"  Explains--
the special All-State—1943 version. ._._.__
The band may sound like Sammy (Continued from Page 1)
Kaye's, but it‘s really the State Col-
lege Swing Band, conducted by our
own Fred Shoemaker, '44. Some like
it hot; some like it sweet—the Swing
Band obliges with both.
That's not all.I The fifty cents

sufficient."

fee with such a large surplus on
hand?" The Board’s answer

Students Perform at Reception
The annual President's Reception arise during the school year and a

for the members of the faculty was workable margin is essPntial-
held Wednesday evening at pierce The Board is determined to con-

not been returned, the budget of “011
last year would have been barely bate Council, requests that those
interested freshmen, who are not

The Student Body might we” ask. able to meet the above requirements,
“Why did we have to pay the $12 notify him immediately.

The freshman tryouts for the

Debate Squad will be held today in
Room 28 at 3:30 P. M.
be eligible each candidate
quired to present a two-minute two plays Tuesday evening at 8:15
speech on post-war world organiza-

In order to
is re-

Wurtz, President of the De—

The Council is again making plans

is to present speakers for the student
that an allowance must be made assembly and to arrange for debates
for any contingencies which might with colleges in this vicinity.

Last year, in keeping with a new

feature of its program, Debate Coun~
. cil presented
Hall. Two of the College Symphony met the l'emainmg 40 StUdentS Who nown and interest.

speakers of world re-
Among these

Orchestra personnel, Rosalind Gins- have “Ct Yat Paid their Stu‘lent tax- were Miss Helena Gin-Chin Kuo,

burg, '46, and Fred Wolinsky, ’47,
entertained. Miss Ginsburg,

_ The payment of Association dues Chinese journalist and author, lec-
Dl- entitles a student to all Student turing on the culture of her people.

rector of the Orchestra, rendered a Association activities free of charge An uncensored report of the Dieppe

violin solo and Mr. Wolinsky played and faculty recommendation of the Raid was

a selection on the piano. student for a teaching position.

presented by Major

 

Jones Requests Addresses
Of Slate's Service Men

Lostl Twelve Service Men—
that is, there are twelve boys in
the Service of Uncle Sam whose
addresses have so far eluded Dr.
Louis Jones.

Dr. Jones’ news letter to the
boys again goes in the mail in the
early part of November. He
would like to include the follow-
ing on his next mailing list:
William Aicker, Richard Beach,
Stephen Godfrey, Graham Dun-
can, Don Green. Leslie Graves,
Grant Hermans, Arthur Hobday,
Avron Koblenz, Richard Rigner,
Van Schultz and Frank Wood-
worth.

state students knowing any of
these addresses are asked to leave
them in the mailbox on the door
of Dr. Jones’ office.

 

Nominations—

(Continued from Page 1)
son, Martha Dunlay, Alice Knapp,
Annette Koehn, Ann Lucsok, Paula
Nosal, Regina Schneck, Jane Mills,
Louise Dodge.

Songleader:
Chimera, Betty Rose Hilt,
Hirsh, Lillian Kunicka, Doris Pat-
terson, Muriel Rubin, Phyllis Wald-
ron, Audrey Cox, Carolyn Berg, Jean-
nette Mattie.

WAA Representative: Elaine Acker
Catherine Guido, Elizabeth Margot,
Ann Mastrangelo, Frances McCor-
mick. Esther Sanders, Nita Vail,
Lois Fillman.

WAA Manager: Gloria Baker.
Mary Ann Bohen, Helen Ciseh, Ber-
nice Cohen, Bertha Wakin.

Cheerleader: Ann Callahan, Mary
Carey, Virginia Day, Judith Dube,
Paula Nosal, Mary Telian, Ellen

 

 

Schlott, Drooz Direct
AD Plays on Tuesday

Advanced Dramatics will present

P. M. in the Page Hall auditorium.

The play under the direction of
Margaret Schlott, ’45, has the follow-
ing cast: mistress, Edna Marsh, ’45;
master, Clyde Cook, ’47; parlor-maid.
Irene Heck, ’45; cook, Martha Joyce,
'45; kitchen maid, Arlene Steppe,
'46; useful maid, Rosann Hayden,
‘46; house maid, Gertrude Myers. ’44:
and the odd man, Albert Reed, '47.
The story concerns a young couple
who are trying an experiment on
their servants.

The play under the direction of
Elaine Drooz, '44, has two characters:
Trece Aney, ’44 and Fred Fancher,
'47. This play is written about a
couple who have for years co-starred
on Broadway. They decide to break

Thomas A. D. Ditton, an eye witness. up their team when they fall in love.

Maloney.

Publicity Director: Joan Alverson,
Ruth Bently, Katherine Hag-
gerty, Lois Holstein, Anne LeGall,
Constance Lessler, Ruth McNamera,
Rosemary Malane, Ada Jane Martin,
Marion Vitullo, Pat Shechnn, Edna
Van Popering.

MAA: John Coulter, Arthur Kauf-
man, Albert Read.

Queen Pat--

(Continued from Page II
the F‘rosh trudged around the cam—
pus until 5:30 and the “Blue Devils"
shouted "Victory!"

A Sophomore suggestion read:
“The Green Gremlins might have
found a clue if they'd looked under
their feel as they persistently walk-
cd over the blue banner buried near
the steps in front of Page Hall.”

Monday afternoon the Sophomores
walked away with three more Rivalry
points.

 

 

 

Yul light up a cigarette, unfold your newspaper
and the ncws of llic world unfolds licforc your
cycs. You dcpcnd on tho prinlcd word lo keep
you up to lhc minulc on everything that counts.

AndsmokcrsdcpcndonClicslcrlicld
for everything that counts in a ciga-
rcllc. Thcir Rig/2t (.‘omliinatimz of the
world’s best cigarette tobuccos mach
them Milt/er, Cooler-Smoking and fur
Better-Tasting. Make your next pack
Chesterfield and see how really good a
cigarette can be.

Copyright 1945. Lumen is Mm; ’l'uucco Co

Helen Bode, Pauline-
J ane»

- 9 t - '
LW-O._.1=-(.., .. «. 4.. . z 2.2.", i

i

. p' _ ._ .
xx”: .. #A&._247'ZSL"?‘E‘LI=-22W“Wow-mom ‘

 

 sir-:31 ; ._..,x.,. _, <-  a uvw.;1(5_  .‘ .  ‘

.. .. 1....7 aw.“ r.m«...._.—=A;-,~»‘<-

 

 

 

 

 

 

:ts..r°1hi‘5’$ ' ‘-

LlBR ARV

STATE. COLLEGE. Elf-ill TEN

College N

insur.w.f.

€WS

,\>

:HERS

 

 

Scene of All

Bond Drawing, Band
To Be Among Features

The doors of Pierce and Sayles
Halls will open at 8:00 P.M. tomor-
row night when the All-State Special,
the first of the ‘Big Ten,‘ is formal-
ly launched. This is the first of
ten separate programs that the
various groups of the student body
are planning to present this year as
State College’s official and unified
aid to thc war effort.

Numerous activities and types of
entertainment have been planned by
the committee in charge of this
affair. Cord tables will be set up
in Pierce Hall for all those who
wish to play bridge. Two door prizes
will be awarded to the winners.
Pierce and Sayles Halls will be con-
nected with a broadwalk to facilitate
the operation of simultaneous activ-
ities. Dancing to music provided by
a phonograph will take place in
Sayles Hall while the entertaininan
will be presented in the Ingle Room
in Pierce. Refreshments will also
be served. During the course of the
evening, a $25 War Bond will be
given away.

Swing Band Debut

Barbara Putnam, ’44, Chairman of
Entertaininan promises “The enter-
tainment for the evening will unfold
new talent and skill." Osnif Sera-
bian and James McFecley pair off
together in a “Gay Nineties" number
—song and dance. There will be a
girls' trio, and Edna Marsh,'45, will
sing a solo. The name of Miss
Marsh's song is “A Man Without a
Woman."

Included in the same program
will be the formal debut of the new
State College Swing Band conducted
by Fred Shoemaker, ’44. The Band
plans to play a few slow fox trots
and a Dixieland combination using
three or four pieces, Shoemaker dis-
closed. Bolh halls will close at
12 PM.

War Bond Award

Agents have been placed in all
group houses to sell tickets and to
accept donations of ten cents for
the War Bond uwurd. A table is now
set up in the lower hall of Drnpcr
to make rcscrvulions for the sludcnl
body and the i'ucully. "Tickets are
going well" is the curran report
from the committee, "especially lo
the faculty who are bucking us
100%."

The commillcv in churgc of llic
All-Slulc Spcciul is headed by Pat-
riclu Lulimcr, ‘44, General Chairman.

(Conlillm’d on [mg/c .i‘l

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1943

Sayles, Pierce Dormitories Assembly Today Francello Wins Presidency;
To Hear cue“ 1-71Ballots'in5thDistribution

State Special

D&A Formulates
Plans For Year

The major events on the Dramatics
and Arts Council calendar for this
year include the appearances of
Tereslta and Emilio Osta, Louis
Unlermeyer and Elissa Landi. The
first presentation on November 13
will be the Oslas, a team of South
American artists, who in their travels
have collected Spanish dances and
music. Miss Oslo dances to the
piano accompaniment of her brother.
The other two artists will be pre-
sented during second semester. Mr.
Untcrmcycr, nolcd author and col-
leclor of anthologies. will lecture on
February 19, while Miss Landi will
appear on April 22.

Freshmen and Sophomores were
given their first opportunity to try
out i'or membership on D & A Coun—
cil at a meeting held in the Commons
on October 21.

This year as well as selling lickels
for each of its presentations the
Council has decided to sell season
lickets at $2.75 apiece. These tickets
may be purchased from any member
Of D &. A.

Trecc Aney, '44, President of D &
A, requests that all those people who
are interested in trying out for the
Council attend the meeting to ac
held Wednesday in the Commons.

 

Dean Stokes Announces
New Signum Laudis

The new members of Signum
Laudis for the year 1943-44, named
by Dr. Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of
Women. include Nancy Wilcox, Ruth
Friedman, Ethel Helterline, Evelyn
McGowan, Mary MacKay and Jean-
nclle Shay.

Slgnum Laudis is an honorary
soclely, composed of those Seniors
who rank, in scholastic average for
their firsl three years in college,
among the highest ten per cent of
the class. The first four per cent
of this group is chosen at the begin-
ning of the year, the remaining six
per cent to be selected the second
si-mcslcr. The minimum average of
all cundidalcs is 2.0. The student
having the highest average of those
choscn automatically becomes Presi-
dcnl of the society.

Square Dance, Musical Revue
Second Attraction of Big Ten

"Allcmundc lcl'l, pronu-nudc sill"-
cwu‘ybody's purIm-r will swing
urouiid llu' llilll on Nll\'l'llll)('|' llJ
Wlll'll llll‘ Hl‘illol‘ (‘lum [)l'l‘hi'llllillilli,
llui swoml ol [Irv lib; ’l‘cu. souurvs
cvi-ryllilng m Pum- llull ul li PM.
('U-(‘llllll'llll'll ol llll‘ ovcnl lll'l‘ Nulv
lmim- .oul lil'li‘ll lll‘lllll‘hhi‘)’.
(Lillt‘llll', uml u (iuy Nlm-—
[its lit'\ll( \llll mill-zl- u (lillll)ll‘~lllll‘-
l'l'lll'(l pl’oizi'um Ior Ilu- l'\'('llllll,'
'l'n'lo-ly, lll‘i‘ llillll“l'llll‘l_\' pI'u-l-(l ul
lliu'Iy-lin- l'l‘lllf», qu‘ lIll'lll(li‘(l

llhoilii llyun uiul l.oi~. llumpvl ill'l'
(lu'i-clmu llu' mu,qu vouu-(ly \‘.‘lll"ll
hos u Kim Nllll'lllN llu-mr Ahrlxlllll‘.
lil‘l‘ Mulpu‘u- lulu-lug, iii-rt Kilt-y
'l'i'l'm' /\lll'_\, llllu lluly 11ml lll‘ll'll
lil'lll'lil‘l'

'l'liw lfl'\'lll' huh wrulvu by lfllllllil
llyuu uml Mury Sliuli-bulu-r lusl
your, bul bolllmm-ks in production
ill‘llhl‘ win-u llu- ilrul‘l l)(llll'(l pullcd
llu- illiili‘ ll‘il(lh‘ li'om llu- slugc lo
llii' mess hull. lillllllii poiiils out
[but “Studio” lllll' drul'Il-c's (irouiu
girl) wus lhc orlgiuulor of Mir lit-vuc

illll‘
Hlllllll“

und lhul ll. is her contribulion lo
lll‘l' l'ornii'i' Almu Mulcr.

'l‘lic si-colid ol' llu' Big ’l'cn is llil'
iiiglil bol'orc u school llollduy, Ar—
misticc Duy. N1‘l'(lll‘5.\; lo suy morn.
lsIvi-n Siluium Lululis ('un don their
solid pluids ulid dluigui'ct-s for u
uhiulci' lo lioI l1u_\ ~.‘»i'l'(l willioul ll'l‘l-
1m.- uullly uboul llll' (Ilium Ill lying
on lln- lnbll- lii llll‘ liull.

Allllouuli llll‘ Senior prcsvlilullon

llu- :u-cond ol llu- lint 'l'cii, ll
should ln- lu'sl o1) llu- ohm-my (lulu
h»! loi' NUH'llllil'l' 10, As Sludw
ll‘ll’l‘l'illllll‘ll lo llyun upon licurlnu
lllul lll“ (luy Nllu-lll'h ill-vul- wu.;
lo in mud "llvluglun-d uboul Hmu-liy
lllllllll [lu' loi'pmlom! l"llll Sili‘l'd
ulu'ud!”

'l'lu~ rvmummu (-oumullm-s umi
llu'u' lili‘llllil'l'h lll'“ ilh follows: Pub—
lll'ily Holly (il'ilH‘lll'. 'l‘u-lirls, Au—
gclu Sirul-o uml .lum- liunllmm;
Props. ()illlll‘l‘liil‘ Hmylhr. .Junrl ltoc.
Shirley Mills uiid .li'iliiili‘ Moorc;
Music. lt‘dilli lii‘ill‘ll uiid l’uli'lciu
ll‘rcy; li‘ucully Comm-ls, (iiimy Mos—
cluik uud Mildred Wirosloll; ile—
li'cslimculs, Murilyu (lulu.

Lecture on China

Miss Mary Byrne. guest speaker
in this morning’s assembly, will por-
tray Chinese life to the students.
Miss Byrne, a former student at
State is being brought here by New-
man Club. She has spent two years in
China with the Mesdames of the
Sacred Heart. teaching Chinese stu-
dents thc fundamentals of English.

Journey to China

It was while teaching in a New
York City school that Miss Byrne
dccidcd lo travel to China and
obtained a sabbatical leave of two
years from the New York City Board
of Education. During her stay in
China, she was overcome by the dis-
couraging poverty and lack of social
progress which prevailed throughout
the more rural parts of China. There,
too. she saw the eagerness and am-
bitions of the scholars to adopt
Occidental ways of life. Upon her
return to America, Miss Byrne rc-
solvcd to go back to China and es-
tablish there a Catholic Normal
School to be the foundation of
American civilization in China.

Plans important Misison

Miss Byrne has been spoken of as
"the first American laywoman to
attempt a mission of such great
import." This mission consists of
presenting it well-rounded English
survey course to the young Chinese
women. The main emphasis will be
“English as used in every-day life.”

An unusual aspect of this school is
the fan tint commercial subjects
such as typing and shorthand will
be taught. The most advanced and
progressive of the Chinese students
will be expected to go into journal-
ism where they are vitally needed;
the majority to enter various com-
mercial fields. The acme of Miss
Byrne's plans will be achieved when
an organized exchange of students
is effected between America and
China—thereby promoting a basis
for permanent understanding.

Invasion imminent, Miss Byrne
left China aboard a Japanese vessel
and returned to America where she
is attempting to enlist the aid of the
American people as a whole, to make
her return to China and the eventual
establishment of a State Normal
School a reality.

Pi Gamma Mu Slates
Election of Officers

Pi Gummu Mu, Nulionul Honorary
Sociul Studies Society of State Col-
lege, will hold its first meeting 01'
the your Monday in Room 206 of
Di'upcr Hull. The clcclion ol' of'l'i—
ccrs will lukc plucc ul lhul lime.

Membership in lhc organizuliou
is rcsli'iclcd lo Scniol's wilh u mujoi'
iiilcrcsl in Social Studies who liuvc
ul lcusl u ii uvcrugc uud luch dis-
tinguished themselves in li-udcr—
sliip. Mi-mbi-rs urc I-lccli-d in Muy
uud unnomu'cd on Moving—up Duy.

'l‘lic llli'lill)l‘l'h for this your im-ludc
liilu Duly. Allu-mi Ucmos, l.lllluii
(from, l‘Illu-l lli‘lli'l'lllli‘. [’ulriciu
Lullnulz Vivuui Mui'loii, Wllllll‘l'
Mol‘l‘lh, Amu- Murphy, llumu-lori-
School), Ado Snydci', Mui‘uui‘i-l Wir-
rmloll uml Hurry \‘Vlll‘ll. Sl'lliol'h

(mu ol llu- nuns ol lln- Hourly is
lo .lumllulc mlcrcsl m Hill'lill
Hlmlm. umoug llu- uiuli-i'm'uduulcs
of llll' (‘olli-uc.

Slate College Sunday, Oct. 31

Hlull' (‘olll'lu- Hiliuluy. spoilsol‘t‘ll
by Sludciil (‘lii'lsllnn Assoclulioil,
will lll' lu-ld uI llll' l"lrsl l’l'l'hl))‘ll‘l‘llill
Church. on Willrl umi Waisliliiglon
Sim-«ls. ill 11 AM. Huuduy. lt‘uulcl-
iiuli'd. ‘il. l'i‘i‘hllll‘iil oi' S.C.A., will
spi-uk uud llll' SCA Choir will coin-
blue with the ri-gulur church choir
for llic musiqu purl ol' the program.
All sludculs urc invilrd lo allcnd.

 

"Donole Your Blood Now,”
Request Hardesiy, DeChene

Out of nine hundred odd stu-
dents, only about nintey-eight
have signed up to donate blood
to the Albany Blood Bank on
State College Day, November 4,
and Newman Club Day, Decem-
ber 2. Less than ten per cent!

The drive has been on for three
weeks—the figures speak for
themselves. As for the facts—
thc donor must be over eighteen.
and weight at least 110 pounds.
This includes more students than
the aforementioned ten per cent.
Sludcnls under twenty-one must
have purcnls’ consent, and, of
course, the blood.

Georgia Hurdesty, '44, Chair—
man of the State College Day,
and Marie DeChene, '45, Chair—
man of Newman Club Day, urge
all students who qualify to sign
up immediately. Registration for
State College Day is in the Com-
mons, and for Newman Club Day,
at the Newman Club bulletin
board in lower Draper.

 

 

 

Shoemaker Wins
Directory' Contest

Fred Shoemaker, ’44, has been
named the winner of the cover con-
test sponsored by the Dircclory
under the editorship of Jane South-
wick, '44.

The judges, Miss Ruth Hulchins,
Assistant Professor of Art, Dr. Min-
nic Scotland, Assistant Professor
of Biology, and Dr. Howard Doebel,
Professor of Mathematics, based
their decision on simplicity and
striking quality. The Dircclory cover
will be cream-colored with purple
letters.

One lhousand-fitfy copies of the
Directory have been ordered. They
will be on sale in the lower hall
of Draper as well as in the Co-op
beginning November 18.

Because the Directory did not re—
ceive its usual allotment from the
budget this your and because few
advertisements were obtained. the
price has been raised from ten cents
to fifteen cents.

The editorial
Evelyn McGowan
’l‘ownscnd. Seniors; Helen Bush-
ncll, Anilu li‘cinslcin lilld Peggy
llcc, Juniors; Kathryn Kcndull and
Agnes Young, Sophomores; and
Holly Crockcr, Frances McCormick_
Viviuu 'l‘cvcrin und Virginia 'i‘uck-
or, l‘rcshmcn. Burl Kiley and
Churlcs ’l‘urr-ollc, Seniors; quunc
Chupmun, Murgc Curran mid Eluinc
Drooz, Juniors; Belly Lu Fun), '46;
und l’lillip Lucliinski, '47, complclc
llll' udvcrllsiug stuff.

Travel Difficulties Curb
Debate Council Activities

l"l‘\\' llili-i'mllcgiiilr drliuli's uill be
sclu-dulwl by l)l‘l)lll(‘ Council for llll‘;
yi-ur bi-i-uusl- ol Irunhporlullon dil—
lu'ullu-s, :u-r-ordmi: Io llzu'ry Wurlz,
'll, l'l'l‘hllll'lll

Hl‘\'(‘l'lll (littl'llhhlilllh lli‘lili‘l‘ L'lVli' ililll
Mil'llll groups ol Albany urc lo l)l.‘
purl oi llll‘ (‘oum'il's ‘43-'44 ucllv—
llll‘li. liill'u—imu'ul dcbulcs oil oci'li-
m-ol nubqu concerning school will
l)(‘ sponsored,

'l‘ry--ouls for ull uppi-rclussmcu
mien-sled m vursily debate will be
ln-ld ner wcok, the cxuct time and
Illlli'i‘ lo lli‘ unnounccd in Assembly.
l“l'(3hllilli‘ll who were unable lo attend
the lusl try—outs will also have no
opportuuily ill this time. The sub-
jcct will be concerned Willi some
pliiisc of the post-war problem.

staff consists of
and Dorothy

VOL. XXVI" NO. 1

329 Votes Cast,-
O’Grady Elected
Vice-Pﬁsjdent

'l‘riumpliing over six olhcr candi-
dulcs in the freshman presidential
contest, joscph Fruncello, in the
fifth distribution, muslcrcd l7l
voles of the 329 volcs czisl lo head
the Class of 1947 for lliis year.
Sincc lhc quolu was set ul 166, five
dislrilnilions were necessary before
Frunccllo's voles mounted from
the original 137 in live over the
quolu. 'l‘ln‘oughout the race, Fran-
ccllo‘s closest compclilor was Fred-
erick li‘zincher while the mosl suc-
cessful woman candidate was Belly
junc Billncr who placed third with
65 bullols in the final distribution.

With approximately one-fourth of
the freshman class vicing for the
ten offices, as many as 13 distribu—
tions were necessary before one
candidate obtained the quota. The
other class officers as announced by
Myskania are: Vice-President, Mar-
Jorie O'Grady; Secretary, Eunice
McGlynn; Treasurer, Clyde Cook;
Songleader, Pauline Chimera; WAA
Manager, Gloria Baker; WAA Rep-
resentative, Frances McCormick;
Cheerleader. Ellen Maloney; Publi-
city Director, Joan Alvcrson: MAA
Representative, Arthur Kaufman.

 

Numerical Results-President

I"ormulu: ,\'o. \'Ul(‘l~" cusl I
.\'o. oi'i‘li'uu lo
Iw l'lllull + l

,, Illlulll

Sultalliiilion: .‘l'Jll
1+1
lllul rlbui ions

+1 Inn

('lllllllililli'h‘

l'l‘l‘hlill'lii

llii l m-r
lli'l‘lil'lllll‘i'
Frolic-villi
l':lllll:ll ll‘l'
l'oulos
Sloclimuu

:i‘Jil

.‘iﬂil 5i!“

 

In only two instances were can-
didulcs victorious without gaining
the 165 quota. The offices of Treas-
urcr was filled by a candidate having
only a plurality. The fact that
some blunk ballots were cast explains
this discrepancy. Cook was elected
only ul'tcr nine dislribulions defeat—
ing his closest opponent, Alice
Kuupp. by only one vote. There were
10 blimk ballots in lhc clcclion for
this office. «See page 31.

AEPhi Will Hm
Open House Tonight

Alpliu In'psilou Plii will hold no
och liousc tonight. for oil lrcslimcn
uud lrunhl'cr women. The sorority
wus uuublo lo grci-l ol‘liciully llic
slmlvms all the dcsiguulcd liliil‘,
lu-ruusr llw liousc \vus uudcrgolng
l'l'lllili'h us u rcsull of u fire in tho
curly purl. of September,

'l‘liI-AEPlii liousc is loculcd ul
lilo Wushington Avenue, on the
corner of Allen and Wusliluglon
Sli‘ccls. From 7 PM. to 7:30 P.M.
lliosc students whose surnames begin
Willi the initials from A-M will be
cnlcrluincd, 21nd from 7:45 PM. to
8:15 PM. llic rcmuining ones (from
N-ZI will ultcud llic ()lll'll house.

Puuliiic Paislri'iiuck, ’44, is lhc
(icncrul Cililll‘lllllll und Beatrice
Ruymon, '45, is in cliurgc of lici‘rcsli-
merits.

 

