   

   
 
   
   
   
       
 
    
     
   

 

 

m»:- gym KI

 

 

   
    
  
     

 

 

   
   
   
      
  
   
     
     
  

 
   
    
     
     

 

   
  
   
      
      
    
  

 w... w-‘ was.“..-u...am.-»m._.._..__

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, l9l6
by the Class of I918

Friday, February 26, 1943 No. 18
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper or the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce. 5-9373; Siavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

 

Vol. XXVII

 

REPRESENTED Fol NATIONAL ADVIITIEING IV

NationalAdverttstngSemce, Inc.
Cullen Publishers Reparatile

420 MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO - IOSTOII - L09 ANGILIS - SAII FIANCIICO

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY }
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

' CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

- - - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER

JANET BAXTER - . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

ISSUE EDITOR
SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS

rut-1.1% a

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

State for Sale

It is a pretty well derided matter yet one
which none of Its versitile students seems to
want to expend the energy to (lo anything about
-—our degenerate school spirit. Sprinklings of
it can, upon I'lase scrutinization, be foutid in
the Boul. Publications Office. and Conniions;
none at all at sports contests. pep rallies, and
other places where word of a fine sthool spirit
(an be carried off to the public.

State is a college of individualists. We lune
a wonderfully talented btttitli of students.
Everyone is in himself a dynamo oi energy.
Why tan't this power be diverted iitto thannels
making for a unifictl spirit. rather than he lost
iii numerous labyrinths of self—thItered, smug.
()ilii'ill, politital clicks? line. we are members
of an institution whith talls for a mature out-
look arid tottrsc til attion. This. however. does
irot mean that we iiittst satrifitc all else to
maintain it.

fit the long run. a wholehearted backing of
our \ill‘itliis organizations would be very valtt-
able. l’assi\e interest iti our institution will
later be translated into passive interest in what-
L‘\L‘l‘ else we might be doing a few short years
front now. \\"hcther we shall be on the fighting
front or the etltttation lront. our lull toopera-
tion would he of utmost \alne.

Often in a mixed group, the name Slate
brings lortli snitkers. \\'e lia\e a grand. well-
cstablishctl tollege. \\'t- tan lizt\c good ball
teams with some batking. ()tn other various
oi'gitIIi/ations art- of a high talihte. Let's pool
ottr spirit behintl eatli one and t‘.\t‘il it to the
utmost. l.t-t's be proud and get behind that
wliitli we llll\t‘.

Let's sell State It) Stale.

Letters for Soldiers

.\lail tall, wt-‘\e heard. is a mighty itrtportatrt
loritratioii in the Army. Well, we'u- done our
part, we boast; we "wrote to lritti last week
last motith.’ .\lostl\ last ttroritlr.

\\'ltile we llt‘li'lltl that we write tlilllt‘ often.
more often we eat it(' trcitin tout-s. t'lllt'l httll
sessions. Hi just forget.

 

lot the st\ mouths of
this stliolaslit \ear that wt-'\t- been lllls\ for
getting. III. I). \’. Smith has been keeping tip
State's soltltt'is' morale.

I‘iltll lt'llt‘i l)i. "l),\." \\illt‘s tontatns loIIi
Inrmt-ogiapht-tl pages of gossip. llt'\\s about sol
(Ili‘ls. the (.ollt'ge. and the students. and pain-i.
\jljllli\liii.ilt‘l\ l3? lilt'il III \il\ltt’
(tilbt's. and most of Iltt'lil st'lltl t'iillittstitsttt lt‘
plies. lli. Smith has a \olume ol ltillt’slnilltl
t'llii‘ .tirtl a toilet ttoii of photographs and serum-
Insignia. \\'I' hate a guilty tonstit-nte.

\\'ltt‘Ii In. South leans State, llr. Louis (.
jont-s will take oter Ills llillt’slltillili'llii‘. "In
good hands," we tan breath softly and forget.

ii]! there we lllllt‘ intitlt'irtals like stamps.
sli’lllils, and stationery that add tip to sot”; for
eath batth of l‘J’i letters. \s more men are
.‘itlili‘il to the mating list. expenses will mount.
.\ie we going to let I)l.. jones shoulder ati ex
pcnse that belongs to usr

lt'l (‘lH'

  

War Fronts by Feigenbaum

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY FEBRUARYIQG, 1943

Rommel Nearing Mediterranean,-
Russians Continue to Drive West

Last week Erwin Rommel, the
wily desert fox, made his bid for
more elbow room in Central Tu-
nisia. and he succeeded in driving
the American forces back to the
Algerian frontier. Latest reports
from North Africa tell how Rommel
got his elbow smashed by combined
American and British artillery and
ailrcraft. The Nazis are retreating
through the Kasserine Pass which
has been turned into a veritable
graveyard for German and Italian
soldiers by the constant pounding
of big Allied bombers. American
infantry and mechanized units re-
port that they are taking prisoners
and a huge amount of abandoned
equipment.

Rommel had hoped that the Brit-
ish 8th Army would delay their
attack on the Mareth line in South-
crn Tunisia. However. General
Sir B. L. Montgomery, who proved
he was Rommel’s master in Egypt
and Libya. gave his opponent no
respite and started his advance
upon the Mareth Line. The vet—
eran 8th Army is reported to be
blasting the French-built fortiﬁca-
tions with every bit of artillery
which it can muster. This is the
preliminary to the smashing assault
by infantry and tanks which will
attempt to crack the line. and send
Rommel running toward Northern
Tunisia.

Russia

The news from Russia has not
been very specific for the last week.
There are very few names men-
tioned in the eomrnuniques from

Moscow, but it is announced that
the Red Army is continuing its ad—
vance west of Kharkov.

The next Russian objective on the
tral front is the city of Oral. This
is an important railroad junction,
and its capture by the Red Army
would be disastrous to the Nazis’
lines of communication.

Moscow dispatches indicate that
the Russians are still advancing
toward the Dneiper River across the
Donets Basin. In this advance it
was necessary that the German
Army in the Donets Basin be by-
passed. However, the Russians
launched a simultaneous encircling
movement in the direction of Tag-
anrog on the Sea of Azov. Tagan-
mg is the anchor of the German
defense lines in this area.

South Pacific

The war in the Pacific has
evolved into heavy bombing raids
by Allied aircraft against Jap posi-
tions. General MacArthur an—
nounced that Japanese naval forces
are refusing to challenge the US.
Fleet to a knockdown and drag-out
fight. Strong enemy task forces
which were sighted last week were
scared ofT by the appearance of
units of the Southwest Paciﬁc
Fleet. Both sides are obviously
consolidating their positions and
regrouping their forces for new
operations.

Continued progress is being made
in New Guinea with continued air
attacks against the Jap held posi-
tions at Lai. American forces are
now within 12 miles of the strong
fortified Jap strongholds.

 

Cheers and Jeers

 

 

Two plays were given;
The one we liked,
T'othcr we did, too.

We are the audience. We haven't
graduated from A. D., nor can we
imitate the double-edged thrusts
and neat bayonet work characteris-
tic of the State College dramatic
critic. But we have the audacity
to think that we know a good play
when we see one. And we just
saw two.

Trece Aney took the spotlight
for Nancy Wilcox‘s play. After
seeing her excellent. well-sustained
portrayal of the old Welsh peasant,
we the audience cast our vote for
her as the most outstanding and
versatile actress of the year.

Art Collins, in our opinion.
turned in his best performance to
date. Always competent, this time
he outdid himself. Coiifidcntially,
we thought his make-up was too
heavy.

Brcunig and Stitt showed the
possibilities of humor in contrast.
and they certainly added atmos-
phere. Evcrson Kinn did a corn-
pctcnt job.

We heard someone say that the
plot "wasn't so hot"~~to which we
agree. But we must also realize
that many and many plays are not
written for plot. but for character
and situation, The musical back-
ground was especially effective in
Treee's scene in the garden.

The set of Nun's play we agree
is the most unusual We've seen this
year. and shows It lot of hard work
oil the part of the Sittgcct‘aft class
and its guiding gcinius. Miss Ilop—

kins. Although lighting for an out—
door scene is usually not too com—
plicated. in this play it was so ar—
ranged as to give perspective to the
whole scene by proper shadowing.

The Victorian tragedy, directed
by Shirley Wurz, was a thoroughly
enjoyable climax to the evening’s
entertainment Lucille Kenny.
promising young actress of E. D..
missed fire at the beginning but
quickly recovered and proved her
real ability in the final dramatic
scene. We congratulate Lois Ham—
pel on an equally ﬁne performance.
Her poise and graceful movetnents
were especially noteworthy.

It was Muriel Scovcll, in her first
appearance of the season, who cap-
tivated the audience and held
their attention while she was on
the stage. Ruth Schmitt gave an
outstanding characterization and
certainly had the best make-up of
the evening. The setting was ex-
ecllcni and immediately established
the Victorian background of the
play. We have never .seen the
stage look so spacious. Somebody
did a beautiful job with props and
costumes.

The plays even exceeded the high
standard set by previous A. A. plays
and that's saving a lot. Those who
know, say that this year's enter—
tainment is the best that State has
seen fit a long. long time, contrary
to what one tiriglit have gathered
from the critics.

So to the afor'etnettliotied critics
we say.

()r-chids to Wilcox.
(Jr'eliids to Wurz,
Arid onions to yoti.

 

The Weekly Bulletin

 

VOICES

Students interested itt hearing
litt‘ll' oer voices reproduced are in—
vitt-tl to attend lt lVIIi'i'tilllltlllL.‘ de-
monstration in ltootn 123 of the
Milne School. Monday till Friday.
3.45—4.45 P M Sing a song. recite
a passage front Shakespeare. utter
:1 word or two of Spanish, or just
talk to see how rt sounds. Faculty
members receive a special invita-
tion. The demonstration will be
given by Dr. I"loyd E. lienrickson,
Director of Audio—Visual Aids.

TICKETS

Student tax tickets can still be
exchanged for tickets to hear the
Don Cossack Chorus. Their pro—
gram will be presented iii Page Hall
tomorrow evening at 8:30.

FRUSII IIUI'

Bids for l"i'o.sli llop are on sole
In the lower llitll of Draper Atl»
Illlnrsltlll is $1; the hop is informal
The uflitli' will take place In the
(‘oiumons from ll l’. M to l A M

(‘ALI‘JNDAII

l"eb 2i} Basketball game .iwtty
Varsity Vs. Pratt

Feb 26 li‘t'oslr “up in the Com-
moiis front ll I‘. M to l A. M.

Feb. 27 Don Cossack Chorus iii
Page Ilttll, 8:30 I’. M.

li‘ch. l-fi Mirrophone demonstra—
tion iii Itoom 1215, Millie, 3:45—
4 ‘15 I’. M.

I"eb. 2—37 I‘li'osh tryouts for NEWS.
Publications ()flice,7 to ll 1’ M,

Feb. 4- Mady Christians in Page
llull, 8:30 I’ M.

 

by Ilcrb LcIicker-———~

An amendment to the Constitution, providing for
a long-needed reorganization of the animal budget
fiasco, will be introduced in assembly today. . . .

Louis Jones will continue publication of DV's
DIGEST next year, when the popular originator leaves
his lectures on Democracy to take over Cortland . . .

DO YOU REMEMBER

DON GREEN was married to Janet Montford the
14th . . . Ceremony took place at Oakland. Calif: ED
HOLSTEIN being the second best man . . . Both are
Ensigns . . . What used to be Jane Greenmun is now
Mrs. BOB WHITE, as of the 13th . . WARREN
WAGNER was sent from Atlantic City to Miami Beach
to take a refresher course for gym instructors
However, after looking carefully at his record. the
artny found he had not been graduated frotn :1 Phys
Ed School . . . So WAGNER is now playing around the
beach. scaring little children. while he patiently awaits
the journey back to the boardwalk. . .

2nd Lieui. JOE McCABE. recently returned from
South America, has been in every state in the Union
. . . When not on duty with the Ferry Command.
JOE has a plane at his disposal, which makes up
partly for the fact that. although in for over a year. the
Rich Uncle has not yet made with the furlough . . .
Is still trying to transfer to a fighter squadron. said
transfer being erroneously reported here in the Jan.
8th issue. . . .

GEORGE (the Gypsy) KUNZ, having trained ex-
tensively in the grimy art of grease monkcying, now
pounds a typewriter at the Avon Park bombing range
. . . Expects Administrative Sergeant training soon
. . . ED TOMPKINS was back for a couple of days
last week . . . Still got the satire old grin . . list
Licut. LEN FRIEDLANDER injured his thigh in a
football game . . . Was just released after a gay time
In the hospital . . . Something about 3 nurch from
Albany . . Which reminds us that PAULINE
BRONSTEIN is trying to get in the WAVES. .

FROM GRAVE TO CRADLE

This being the sophomore issue, The Desk Editors,
with that peculiar diplomatic grace known only to
sophomores. have requested that one of their more
talented sons write the objectionable drivel that
usually completes this column Therefore, not
knowing what is to follow (and caring less) we retire
to the sidelines. allowing flaming youth to cavot't at
will over the caustic keyboard. . . .

...— ..—b_vII.V.GoI(Istcin...—...—-

Shove over, Letickcr, and let me in here! This is
a line way to treat a guest—-pushing him dowti undch
Why should I play bottom to your top~pants to your
shirt! I've got enough worries without having your
bludgeon wit hanging on a blondc hair ovcr in‘licad.

Well, .s'no matter—4 shall accept this “southern cx—
posurc" with grace. and content myself by squinting
down the barrel of m'trusty Evcrsharp and firing at
the space alloth me. Yoiks and away. . .

' THOUGHT . . . all the State mcn waiting for the
time when they will become merely a capitalized
mention in Lenckcr's colutnn. . . .

. modern campus vernacular denotes busy
lower Draper at the git'ls' locker rooiii entrance tis
“limes Square" . . . why not call the whole corridor
"Broadway?" . this might have a new significance
after all the iiieti are gone. . . ,

NOT TOO VITAL STATISTICS DEPT. . . . (lid you
know that the college sports 39 (count 'enii different
bullciirt hoards all clamoring for your allettliott'.’ . . .
and why isn‘t one of the most important. the LOST
and FOUND .slab, lit a more prominent spot? . , . it
get about as much attention as last month's Burma
Shave sign on a bumpy detour.

WHY. ’l‘liIS [S HELL NOR AM 1 out or ['1‘
the first announcement of the oil rationing threw a
scare iiilo t,-verybody . . . it's been making State men's
hair stand on end.

Talking of hair and men you must littve noticed
some of our boys .slitrkittg about with what seems
ltivlii‘ a strange .senlp titalady no. those :n't-n‘t (i l
haircuts atrtl Jimmy is .still clipping 'cm at the IIoll\'-
wood. you see. those fellows :tr‘t- ICIH‘ men. ontllil
yoti watch closely enough. you'll see .I new bare
patch appear every little the gov't issues a new order

, It's gelling so hurl. the boys are pulling their
‘Illtit‘h oti fneing lti opposite directions to be ready
for any tnrtr of events tiIIlil “Der Tag" arr-Ives, i

WlthKlJ‘lS IN OUR FOIIICIIICAI) ~.tniietitit-
-,|rotiltl pelilioti (‘ampus Commission to t'ttll‘rlili'l' the
Installation of a soap—holder trntl towt-l lrtt'l( It! the
\\i|lt‘l' fountain across from the I”) wtttlt'lllllli‘.
should be done . people are getting tired of bentl—
ing down to get .I lltt't.'flil “blend of it Inotitlifttl. .

notice the trend in assembly .‘ttrnouncemettis"
The till.’,ill' coating on the pill is getting tlrit'kt-r' Irel
yoti \votiltl-bt- lown t't‘ict's beware Ur Vnna.» may
change the prescription . i

As 11 was with the nornrirl Slate ltllllill Al or l.
the girls were .srrtlly pressed for men t-onit-s llllll‘
March and they'll be lucky to get cvr-n it tiny
bl]ll(,‘(.‘/.l'.

'l'lie (‘lt'rss of '4!) is proud of the fuel that ill
yielding Ill members lo the World at the llll'II of the
year. il makes the largest contribution to our armed
forces of the ltiitl' present classes at State

Space has fled
And we are bled
0f words . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1943

PAGE 3

 

Sophomores Portray History Transition;
Innocence Vanishes Into Worldliness

Pink Clouds Fade
In War Darkness

Under the command of a lazy
breeze. a pale pink cloud floated
along. High on this cloud frolickcd
263 apple-green creatures of as-
sorted se“ 4 who had cotne from
the Nor South. and West.
They were i'irlt in rimson togas,
and they cha ' incessantly.
They looked in. .cy acted naive,
But they were ju. plain dumb.

It was about the middle of Sep-
tember in 1941 when this cumulus
cloud of ignorance (ignorance is
bliss) busted. And the weird pack
of wraiths who had been inhabit—
ing it, came drooping down to
earth. slowly at first. then faster,
faster . . . until they hit hard.
solid, and trig. Looking around,
they saw that they had landed bc-
side a stream. tt-gui'gling with
Yellow chaotic waters.

Their minds were still it little
foggy, but somehow they knew they
had to cross it.
At the time,
their lot seemed
NOT a happy
one. Until one
stalwart crea—
ture proffered
the idea of tra-
versing via the
Stepping Stone
Method. "Ifyou
try one stone at
a lime. four
steps and you're
a e t' o .s  .s‘llt‘

It‘lo Gar-fall ““d-

it sounded
good, and the others decided to
follow her That '5, except for
a few who were afraid to
step . . and a few who tried to
jump . . . and a few. who were all
wet anyway. and drowned. (They
tried holding their breath. but half-
a-scmcstcr was just a little too long
for that).

Willi one bound. most of them got
to the first stone safe. A car! young
follow seemed
to be losing the
green palor of
his face more
quickly than the
others so he was
selected to give
out with sortie
ad—oiee along
with the leader
who 5 e name
was Flo,

This was a
fitic start. and
they decided to
complete ih c
organization of
their colotiv. A Howell—some look—
ittg girl was chosen to keep the
records. and a sturdy male member
of the group was voted to (ford the
funds. I

It was a perfect set—up. foi'ty—_
lived with cooperation and plt-ntv of
.s p i r i 1 They
just weren't big
enough to
overcome i h t~
Horde-(l Yellow
People who tilll‘
day lIl_\'hli'l'IHll\--
ly arose from
the g It ,s h i n g
water's ctr tttc.s.st-.

They II a ti
[II it II nt'l'illﬂ'h
with these Yel—
low l’eoplc llll'
lint l l t‘ .s were
I‘t'tgtilitr rippingI
lli'i' — for — zrlls
But one tilt) the ('r'imson 'l'itltx
'l‘tir'ltt-tl the Tobltvs .tiItl 'l'nlkt-Il ll
‘\lt_\' lti \llt'lttty

 

(,‘urt I’fall'

 

Iit'll) lltht-ll

'l‘ltcnt' 5i‘l.l|H'~. secured the tonal
titrportrtnt tlnrri: In llit' \\tIlltl to
I II t- .s e apple-

grt-cn l'l‘t.‘£illll'(‘:s
until December
8. [till w h e n
something
t‘ltaiigctl lli c it
ll\'|“-. 'l'ltt- Yel—
low lloitle wits
ttit-nnt'e its no»
[itil'ltillt‘t' .t it tl
significant-c

A thunder—
.stor'm. rocking
rill Europe and
all Asia, hitd uri—
expcclcdly bit
It otn c. chr~

 

Noru (,‘ruInIn

 

 

 

MANY A NEWS BOARD POLICY and many a story is conceived over

a cup of coffee at the Boul.

Here Sophomore Desk Editors Heath.

Meyers. Marsh, Putnam. Cooper and Hippick discuss plans for the

present Sophomore issue.

Ito/o liy li'lrrlortvr

 

Gremlin Growls, Prowls, Scowls
Spreading Rumors In the Halls

The little Gremlin slid inside the
door when no one was looking, he
.stcaltliily toptocd dowrt the stairs
and started dancing down the busy
corridor of Lower Draper.

Seniors dashed by w didn't see
liitii. Juniors practically stepped oti
him, Evert the Sophomores W
SEE AND KNOW ALL didn't ob-
serve the waspish critter with the
green eyes. He tread ilic halls, ull-
noticed. That is. until the little
freshman accidentally stepped on
his toe.

This unfortunate incident put the
little Gremlin into a very bad
humor His eyes got greener. his
face got redder. and he started ex—
haling flame. And from his mouth
evolved the most deadly series of
words. They hit the little fresh—
mtm full in the face and penetrated
her usually impenetrable brain.
The Gremlin's words were guilty
of being a rumor of the first degree

I“t)l‘ this is what he spake: Did
you furore you're only gonna get a

BS. or (1 BA. after being here for
live long years? No sir, they ain’t
gonna give out no Master’s degree
nor itothln'.’

If the little Gremlin hadn‘t been
standing there in front of her, the
little freshman would never have
believed him. So she told freshman
No. 1 who told freshman No. 2 who
told freshman No. 3 and so on.

Until it came to the attention of
the Dean who thereby issued on-
lightcning statements to the effect
that "N.Y.S.C.T. ofl'crs graduate
work leading to a certificate valid
for teaching and academic subject,
to the degree of Master of Arts,
or to the degree of Master of
Science."

And if you see a little fresh-
man constantly beating the halls.
peering hopefully into every nick
and corner—it's because she’s look—
ing for a little Gremlin with green
eyes. and a red face. and a mouth
that spouts ueg ugly rumors.

 

night. the red—clad creatures
seemed to grow. They cleared
their misty eyes. and straightened
up for the responsibilities that
would be coming their way. And
maybe they lost a little of their
t'at'cfi‘ce and flighty ways. And
they didn't laugh quite so much.
And maybe. they Weren‘t so dumb.
Before. it had been Rivalry Now
If was War.

As .ltirrc approached. they seemed
l’t .‘li'illlll'i' it more human look.
They were able to ttdapt themselves
successfully. and before their .sum-
titer vacation they took l('.sl.s’ to
prove their adaptability They
Moved-Up to a higher level for
which they were now qualified. .

Arid iii September. 1942 they
were rently to tottclt the second
Stepping Stone Their minds Were
Illtilllll"l. 'l‘lrt-Ir flesh was no longer
:ii'tt-n ..Irtl they lrntl discarded their
red ll‘l’,rt.\ for \ttlllt'llllllll, t'otttltit'H't'
to ten tliunity

'l'liey I‘Lt‘jll lili‘ some :thlc lt'illlt‘l'n
t-A‘t't'ltl Il-I llll' li'|lllti'l'llli‘lll tIf Ntil‘lr
loI lla-lztn Ill llll' l’t-t'unitny Depart»
tut-tit.

'l'htvr't- winning liivnli'y this
\t‘ttl' ‘ A t't'llrtlll t-rrtlitisiitsni its
llll -rtt).'_ ltlll rt'- llllf.Ii‘l‘.‘slttlltlltlilt'
Some of ilit'll lt-lloww-nrntt-s are
tune into lltt‘ \\llil blue yonder
But llli' totittiity .tie Mllll l~andt-d
together, uteatlfast Attd they're
feeling .ortl lit-.ning llll‘ break of the
I)t‘ltlll\ 'l'hundeisiot'm.

'l'lttiy'it' ttr lllt' lIlI(l(lll' of the sec—
ond Stepping Stone. nirtl the echo
t.l llrt'll \ttli'i". I’i wrung "'l‘wo down

.tlltl l\\o to go

WAC Calls for Volunteers

WAt' :tlttltitiitt‘en ttn iiIrniediatc
net-Ii for people who can translate
I’olirli or Italian. Volunteers apply
ill Dean of Women‘s ollice There
it. also a demand for people to roll
bandages.

Feigenbaum Leaves PTEB

The resignation of Harold Fcigcn-
baum. '43. Director of the Part Time
Employment Bureau was made
known yesterday Taking his place
will be Attire Shannon, '43. who will
be the second Woman to assume
that position.

I“eigcnbttum. author of War
l’I-onts. is leaving the college some-
llillt' next month We will take it
meteorology course in conjunction
with the Army Air Corps program.

Christians

ff'tlltfitllit‘tf from put/e I, column 'i/
York Drama Critics Circle as the
best play of the year.

While oti Broadway. .slrc started
In lItillIli'l, in which .s'llL‘ played
the Queen opposite Maurice Evans.
Following llth success .s'lit- played
latdy l’ei'cy to Evan's Falstaff. tlrt-ti
toolt major parts iii A I)ll'titl'
flt'ittlt/e .itrtl 'l'ttlt'nts.

l\‘li.s.s (‘lrrtstratts sititlieti with l\l;tx
Ifi'llllltll'lfl tti Berlin anti Vli'llllli
She i‘t‘l.’,.'il’(I.~ that training as the

most important lil her career. Be—
ginning ‘.‘.llll \\Illl(~i|ll.‘s and under-
.\lll(li('\.. slit progressed to leading

roles. starring Ullliti:sllt' .stielr famous
.Ietotx .‘t:s Werner Kt'attss. Alllt'il
Basseinritmr. .'tll(l I‘lr‘nst Detust'li.
lit I'ltiropetui .\Io\it-.s

Wliilt' lit I‘illlHlll‘ ~-he illhll :sltti'l‘t'd
tn liltilltrit—jilt'llttt‘s when they made
llit‘ll' opening thtit- She never
)ltth' tip lIli‘ utitgtv. however, and
always managed to appear ttr ont-
oI two plays .I st'tlf-llll int-hiding
.tmotrg llretn play» by Molnar, Lous-
lIttll‘. .tnd Ilirrt'll. Hlie ttl.so toured
with llt‘l' oer company all over
l'itu‘ope

Although born in Europe and
lrttvt-ling extensivr-ly thct'c, Miss
Christians has spent much of her
time tti America and today .s‘ays'.
"I am proud of having earned the
right to be called an Atticriean
actress”.

Hidley Emphasizes Longevity
As Motivation for Future Teachers

This is the fourth of a, series of
articles which will appear in the
News on “Why Remain in Teach-
ing?” They are written by eminent
members of the faculty. This article
is written. by Dr. Clarence A. Hid-
Icy, Professor of Social Studies.

It is said that vital statistics re-
veal the interesting information
that barber's and teachers have the
longest life expectancy among clas-
sified occupations and professions.
Leaving barber's out, if you would
live long, teaching offers the best
opportunity of seeing old age. Life
and accident companies from their
actuarial experience offer the best
premium risk to the teaching pro-
fession. so if you are looking for
the greatest security against physi-
cal injury and accidental violent
death. go in for teaching.

Again, teachers enjoy the great
certainty of receiving without in—
terruption their salary income on
time; there are few instances of
teachers embarrassed by having to
wait for their wages and salaries.

Teaching offers the most freedom
froIn worry about material things.

and the least time for it. “As busy
as a teacher" is more than a funny
expression. For a college student
facing the choice of entering and
remaining in study “for the fulﬁll-
ment of requirements,” contempla-
tion of these advantages is indeed
a comfortable feeling, however
borcsome the going over ﬁve years
may become. In the long run
through life, a comfortable feeling
and an easy conscience are worth
enduring the “hardship of study"
even for five years of such hard-
ship. And after all what is time to
a collegian anyway!

There is nothing in this world—
unless it be the confidence in eter-
nal salvation—that can match the
inner satisfaction that a college
education and the attainment of a
degree bring to the pleasure of liv-
ing. And staying in college, even
if that is humanly possible in these
tempting and uncertain times, until
a proscribed course of study is
completed offers the student a dis-
ciplined outlook, an experience in
tenacity which will pay splendid
dividends in robust character and
determination.

 

 

PHONE 5-7381

VOLUNTEER FOR CIVILIAN
DEFENSE

IN THE
Aircraft Warning Service
on WRITE p. 0. BOX 1333

 

 

“'IlII IIIIII'OOII

 

 

MEN ’S-T-SHIRTS

FOR
Defense and Sportswear

790. to $2.00

Shirts with a dual role made of fine combed cotton yarn. The crew
necks and elbow sleeves make these especially suitable for defense
\I'Ui'kCl't-s. (‘ome iii a variety of sl_\les and colors. In combinations of
maroon with grey. tan with brown. marine blue with Iitivy or white

MEN'S WEAR—MAIN FLOOR

 

N- .fmrf/ﬂ

 

 

