  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

«.<.~.~»~.~.«rs'-."~

' «iv-m.» «.1...

PAGE 4

 

 

   
   
   
   
         
       
      
         
             
      
         
     
      
      
          
    
         
             

 

 

 

7/»
0d
3m

-—-———Bert Riley’—

 

 

Thanks, girls. ’
We wish to thank the Womans
Sports Staff for taking over the
reins last week while the Oat Bin-
ncr was home amongst the hot
lemonades and mustard plasters.
With the exception of the Oat Bin,
the entire page was taken ovel
by Margo, Joan and Marie.
So Solly Department

As they seem to do, .a few errors
crept into the pages last week. First,
Ed Cote did not play number one
on RPI's tennis team, but Renssel-
aer High's—it must be the News
office phone. _

Secondly, in a burst of poetic
fancy, we compared Pfc. Lencker
to Alan Hale. A refresher course
in History C shows it to be Nathan
Hale We had in mind.

Freshman Star Leaves

The saddest part about obituaries
is that the deceased has little op-
portunity to read the nice thiligs
said about him. We are going to de-
vote today's column to saying some
nice things about some nice guys.

Just about half the athletic
ability in the school left this week
when freshman Kenny George
withdrew from college to don the
OD. Kenny was a “natural,” be-
ing able to carry his coordination
and blinding speed from one sport
to another with facility. You could
come away from a conversation
with Ken, knowing that here was
a fellow who played and loved
sports. but you would have no idea
Just how well Ken played them. It
is a welcome relief from the annual
crop of frosh acting as their own
press agent to filld a real star who
preferred playing to talking.

When the boys depart in droves
for the fronts, the place looks
strange for a day or so, then once
more seems familiar. However,
there are a few whom we miss more
than others, fellows that without
whom the place doesn't seem like
State.

This September We looked for-
ward to seeing Stolboff, Erbstcln
and Terho again. Their particular
reserve, Air Corps Ground Crew,
had been the only one spared in
the great exodus.

Despite heavy teaching and scho-
lastic loads, the boys were anxious
to play football. both for their own
enjoyment, and so that a success-
ful league would be possible.

Well, the Army needed the boys
quicker than it had thought, and
they’re going.

Terho played from basketball and
intramural basketball. Though out-
shone by seine of his flashy team-
mates Al always played hard, well,
and clean. He was the sort of
player that makes all intramural
league.

Dutclly Erbstcin was one of the
lesser lights on State's chess team

. with the information that all first

 

when such outfits as Yale and Col-
gate fell before their fllsplrcd pliwn

)usllinl. I-Ie (idn't )la siorts. notl , __
1mmg glwmmdl by Llhci'Di‘rummnvfplriglliiil received u blow this week

strong KB outfits. This year, how-
ever, Dutch responded to MAA's
request for victims and was willing,
to sacrifice an arm or leg so that
we could have a league. ‘

Alld now we come to Soul Stol-
boil. Soul won the IM award lusl.‘
your for the host sportsnumsillp.|
it was his; he had earned it. Saul
was one big reason why Kll was}
always a contender for IM honors.
Soul and Dulchy were also blg'
reasons why everyone llkcd Kit!

So long Ken, Dutch, Al and Saul
~~flght Just as hard as you played.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1943

WAA Tennis Tournament

Dominates Sports Program

Twenty Girls Enter,-
Wcather Remains Fair

Once more tennis takes the spot-
light ln the WAA sports program.
Girls have signed up in gratifying
numbers to compete in the tourna-
ment. Twenty women are now
taking part. A schedule has been
posted on the WAA bulletin board

 

round matches are to be complete
by today. Weather is an unknown
quantity in the set-up of the tom'-
nament. A rainy season effectively
curtailed last year‘s activities. So,
far this fall there is reason to hopel
that the present fair weather will!
continue long enough to assure a
successful termination of the tour-.
nalnent this season.

The line-up for the first round:
of matches is dominated numeri-,
cally by the class of '47. Twelve
freshmen have signed up to play.‘
With a majority of the contestants
making a maiden appearance iii a
State College sports event, it is
difficult to make accurate predic-
tions as to the possible outcome.

Arlene Polsky, '46, Josephine
Simon, '45, Flo Gili‘f‘oll, '45, Eileen:
Shoup. ‘46, Simon Cooper, ’45 and;
Leah Tischler, ‘45, are the veterans;
of former tennis tournaments who:
are entered lil this year's contest?
Marie Scudder, '46, is the only up-!
pei'classinan who is competing for!
the first tline. Gal'f‘all's name ap-;
pears Oil the tennis cup for the;
1941 season while Gfif‘ffill and‘
Giavelll progressed to the finals for
last year's tourney. These two‘
players are recognized as the‘,
strongest contcndants for the cup:
but an llpsct may well be in thel
offing. '

Nora Giavclll has had lntcnsivel
practice lately. Flo Gal'fall de-
clares, “Nora is playing the best
tennis I have ever seen her play.i
She is in top form." On the other‘
hand, Flo is a bit rusty from lack‘
of recent practice and f'orsecs a7
hard fight ahead if" she and Nora"
do meet. i

As the schedule now stands, a
bye is indicated ill the second,
round. I

 

 

MAA Football PE... :

To Be Formulated Today i

 

Plans for an MAA football league:
are still very vague and formatch
but some sort of competition will‘
definitely be provided. A tentative
program incilldcs the setting up of?
three teams of five or six members
each—according to the nlllnbcr of
lncil available. Tile Page Hall field
has been set aside three days a‘
week for the use of MAA. GillilL‘Sl
are to be played at either 3:30 or
4:30, depending on which time will‘
be the more convenient. ’

A meeting of" tile leugue. to bcl
held linincdllltcly following assem-
bly today. will decide on dcflllitcl
limos and days.

Dcsplfc the fact the the proposcd‘|

 

when Ken George, '47, Salli Stolbof',
“ill, and (femur lilrbslciu. "i4, three
of‘ the mainstays oi' lhc athletic set-
up, received flu-fr coil to the scrvlcc,
lcuguc dlrcclor llununond l'cinolns
oplomlsllc.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario at Benson Sf.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

IDS—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our Ilusinessnum's hunt-ll

DIAL5"‘l9l3

GAFETElllA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

WAA Rules
Newly-Interpreted

Kit Herdman, '44, president of
WAA, reviewed in an interview this
week credit and award rules in or-
der to clarify the situation for
freshmen and many of the upper-
cllissincn.

Credit for a sport is obtained by
coming out for at least two-thirds
of the periods that the sport is of-
fered. Tennis and riding are spe-
cial cases, requiring only three su-
pervised hours plus seven addi-
thll'dl hours.

Class numerals will be awarded to
all women who have earned credit
in four sports throughout the year.
Credit in four sports a year for
three years merits a gold key. Nu-
merals and keys are given out at
WAA Award Festival ill the Spring
of each year.

WAA council is made up of two
representatives from each class in
addition to the officers of the
organization.

Honor Council is elected by WAA
Coullcll and is composed of from
one to four Junior women who have
shown exceptional leadership. The
names of members of this body are
anncullccd on Mull.lg-llp Day.
White honor jackets are awarded.
Kit Hcrdlnan and Leda LaSalle
were the two members of WAA
chosen for Honor Council this year.

All women who have paid Student
Tax are members of WAA. Voting
privileges in elections for officers
are restricted to those members
who have earned credit that year
in at least one sport.

WAA Frames—REM
Re Activities Day Table

 

 

Tomorrow WAA, along with most
of the other activities and organi-
zations of the college. will be rep-
resented by a table iii the commons.
All women are asked to sign up
for any sport in which they are
interested. Sign—up sheets will be
provided for the winter and spring
season sports as well as those offered
this fall.

Willie it is not aboslulcly neces-
sary to sign up in order to partici-
pate iii any sport, it would aid the
captains and officers of WAA in
guaging the interests of the student
body. Their principal aim when
hulking out the sports calendar for
the year, is giving the women of
State a program that is satisfactory
to tho majority. Cooperation is re-
qucstcd by Kit Herdman,

 

 

Herb Gives With Quip;
Beats Winchell By Months

He may not have been a foot-
ball hei-o—in fact he wasn't. But
Herbert wielded a mean type-
writer. Have a sample. Since
,Hei'ebert Leneker was ribbed
here; here he will be vindicated.

From the V column, June 16,
1943:

Remember, each one of as
EROS going in will release a
WAAO' for more active duty . .

From Walter Winchell's col-
umn Julie 16, 1943:

The clowns claim a certain
lull(lo/im-iil'rlciii' is being drafted
so (ital o. WAAC' can be released
for ac/iuc (titty.

’l‘hcre, in the New York idiom
in June, is what the S'mru Col.-
l.i-2(ll<l News carried in March.
Aild which puts W. W. just
three months behind our own
H. L

 

 

 

Girls Launch

Autumn Program

A weekend of (Jump Johnson is
tentatively scheduled for October
9 under the direction of Helen Slack
and Bobble Voil Aukcn, Sopho-
mores. WAA is anxious to have at
least one weekend this fall but the
food problcln may be insurmount-
able us the girls themselves must
contribute ration points for the
cotoblcs required.

Any suggestion for a solution of
this difficulty may be offered by
camping enthusiasts. Watch the
bulletin board in the lower half of
Draper for further developments on
the Camp Johnson weekends.

WAA reports that the hockey field
behind Pierce Hall has been lined
and is ready for play.

The chances for a hiking program
are sliln unless more interest is
shown. Contact Kit Hcrdlnah if
hiking is one of your pet recrea-
tions.

Riding has one of the largest fol-
lowings among the fall sports. It
is advisable to sign up on the WAA
bulletin board some time during the
week if you wish to go riding the
coming Saturday. Otherwise a suf-
ficient number of mounts may not
be available.

In previous years WAA has re-
fuiided a full 50": of the total cost
of ridillg if credit in the sport has
been obtained. it will again do this
if the budget allows. Whether or
not the refunds will be a full 50%
depends on the number of partl-
cipunts. Cost of riding is on dol-
lar an hour at the Ranch or Sun-
set Academy. WAA accepts no
responsibility for accidents result—
ing from riding.

 

 

Open Tourney
Into Semi-Finals;

One Man Left

Giavclli Defeats Cote,-

Ferbcr Next Opponent:

The open tennis tournament en-
ters the semi-final round this week,
with Bob Fcrber left to uphold the
honor of State's males against the
sizzling raqucttes of Flo Garfall,
Nora Giavclll. and Josie Simon.

F‘crber clashes with Glavelll in
a best-out-oi‘-three match, while
Simon meets Garfall in an all-
femalc encounter.

Nora disposed of Freshman Ed
Cote handily last Friday on the
Washington Park courts, 6-1, 6-0.

Nora's baseline barrage proved
too much for the rusty ex-Renssel-
arr slur, and he succumb-ed 6-1. 6-0.

F‘crbcr won his first set handily.
6—0, from Mark Blunt; but tired
cadlv in the second and was ex-
tended to a 7-5 set. Both Giavclli

{and Fcrbcr drew first round "byes."

Jon's Simon drew a default into
the sclni-finul bracket when her
op1mliellf-to-be. Dutch Erbstcin.
was called into the service, In a
first round match, Josie disposed
of Al Blilinnfl 6-0, 6-2.

Flo Gal'f‘all finds herself ill the
position of' being ill the semi—finals
without having swung a raqucttc.
Flo drew a free ticket into the sec-
olid round and then kept on going
into the semi-final when .iim Miner
withdrew from the tournament.

Fel'bcr ulid Giavclll meet in the
next round in what promises to be
a hard-fought match. Both play-
ers are strong and a close battle
seems in the offing. Glavelli. in
her match with Cote, did not show
any signs of tiring. Nora's energy
will be an advantage to her over
F‘erhcr, who appeared tired lil his
second set with Blunt.

Though having suffered previous
defeats at the hands of Garfall,
Josie Simon's impressive victory
over Blnlhati indicates a close
match here.

With both semi-final matches
scheduled to be run off next week, a
conlplctcd tournament by the second
week of October seems certain.

La Salle Replaces Devine

Leda La Sullc has been appointed
the new Vice-President of WAA by
a unanimous vote of the Council.
She succeeds Kay Devine. '44. who
has accepted a permanent position
lil Civil Service in Albany.

Miss La Salle was one of tile few
members of the student body who
obtained credit lll four sports last
year and has been active in WAA
throughout her college career.

 

 

 

Have 21 Coca-Cola = Howdy, Neighbor

....llffff lffff  ,-

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
 

‘ miffh _

as _I

from Arizona to Australia

 
  

 

At home or abroad, when the American soldier says ILsz a!

“Chile” to a stranger, he’s mode a new buddy. liroln Minneap-
olis to Melbourne, (Zora-(Iqu stands for [lie/mum Murmur/.10:
—hus become the mark of the good neighbor.

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COM COMPANY IV

ALBANY COCA-COLA Ill)’l"l‘|.|N(l COMPANY

___®l‘)43 Tho C'C Cn

/ “lef'illf/ffifl'f/l—fll'd

   
      
    
 
    

h

if

it’s natural for popular names to
acquire furltu abbreviations. 'i‘llil's
why you hear Coca-Cola railed "Coke".

1"

 



w; '1‘“ l
‘ ~the g obal
flat ‘ high-sign

  

I

., Np, ,,.,4__,‘,,_¥wﬁl,  ._ .

 

 

STATE coarser: FOR TEACHERS

State College

LIBRARY" 

Ala/l v. N.

      

 

 

2-443

All State Special,
First of 'Big Ten',
Will 532d. 30

Dancing,Games,Bridge
To Be At Main Dorms

Plans for the All-State Special,
the first of the presentations under
the Big Ten Program to aid in the
war effort, have been disclosed by
Student Council who is sponsoring
the event. The adjoining dorms,
Pierce and Saylcc Halls, have been
procured for the evening‘s enter-
tainment on October 30.

Dancing and games will be the
main features of the affair. At
Saylcs Hall, a swing build composed
of Slate students. is expected
make its debut. while across the
lawn at Pierce, tables for bridge and
other games will be set up. A sec-
tion for instruction to beginners at
bridge will be provided. In acidi-
tion there will be table prizes, a
door prize, and raffles.

All-State Special has been ar-
ranged in all attempt to keep as
much of the spirit of tho All-State
semi-formal. inaugurated two years
ago. Tile expense of a hired or-
chestra has been elilniilated, and
an informal lion-date affair has
been made necessary. This affair is
taking the place of the All-State
Dance, which has been held at the
two dormitories in October for the
past two years.

General chairman for the event
is Patricia Latimor. '44. Assisting
her are. Fred Shoemaker, '44, in
charge of Arrangements; Publicity,
Florence Gai'f‘all; tickets. Evelyn
Wolfe and Priscilla Hayes, Sopho-
mores; Clean-up. Robert Sullivan,
'46; Entertainment, Barbara Put-
nam, ‘45; Prizes, Lucille Grants, ’44;
Rel‘i'cslnncnts, Jeanette Buyck, ‘45.

f.
O

 

Ballad Singers at All institute

October 20, the Albany Institute
of History and Art is presenting
Elle Siei‘gmelsler‘s American Ballad
Singers.

The general admission is $1.50.
flmvcvcr. if‘ those students inter-
ested ill attending this program will
contact Dr. Jones before Tuesday.
he will secure stlldcnl tickets for
fllcln of. 50 cents each.

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 0, 1943

Last week the STATE COLLEGE News published a letter directed
against the Ahlmni residence halls. The letter aroused numerous
comments of both agreement and indignation. Few realize however,
that the fault lies with both stmlcnt residents and dormitory
mlministrutors. For two years inhabitants of the Alumni Residence
Halls have indulged in the time-honored past-time of “griping” -—
about the food and the heat. Much of if was good natured joking,
but other comments were well-founded criticisms. if the students
had directed their complaints to the proper authorities, nildoubtediy
action would have been taken before now. liven during the past week
there was a general meeting of dormitory residents, yet no one voiced
any of the criticisms heard so often before. in all fairness to the
any of the criticisms heard so often before. in all fairness to the di-
rectors of the Halls, someone should have brought the issue to the fore
by stilling exactly how the sludents felt about their living conditions.

Apparently it is expected that the NEWS will take the initiative in
expressing the views of these students. Wartime economic conditions
lilnii Iii ~2ll-plunning in any insliiulion, yet other group houses on the
campus have been lil)lf.‘ to provide boiler meals than those found at
the Alumni Residence Halls. Alld still board rules l'cmllin lllc some
if not slighlly lower. if there is an explanation of this discrepancy,
surely the sfudcnls lil‘L' cnfiilcd to know of if. None of fhcnl are so
selfish as in refuse lo ulidcrslzllul cxpluinablc sifullfions.

if no pllulszlhlc explanation is offered, if is up lo the sludcnls
to lake (lt‘lilill‘ llclion upon lhc matter. if they feel fhlil they are
being frealcd unfairly, if is their right to demand fhlli something
be done about lllc situaiioh. Otherwise, by felling llle nulllcr slide
the way of so many other “issues,” the students will be relinquishing
their right to express opinion. Criticism is permissible only so long
as if. is ('(HI.\‘/I'Ill'll'i)(.’. Perhaps conditions are such that no definite

War Work Registration
Scheduled For NextWeek

WAC Seeks 100% Enrollment,-

Students To Register in Rotunda

War Activities Council will officially begin its ’43-’44
program Monday, with student registration in the Rotunda
for all College-sponsored war activities. Since Registration
will last throughout the week, students will be able to sign
up any day between 9 AM. and 8:30 PM. for active par-
ticipation in the war activities for which they are best
suited.

 

eeee ~ War activities on Campus include
Office Work, Poster Making, 'I‘yp—
' ing, Stanlp Booth, Knitting, and
VOtmg Procedure courses in Home Nursing, and Ele-
The inauguration of the pref- monthly and Advanced First Aid.
erential ballot in Student As- Off-Campus affiliations will con-
sociation elections necessitates slst of Nurses' Aide, Blood Donor,
definite instructions as to voting War Records. and Nursery School
procedure. Today‘s voting will work.
be carried out as follows: volunteers for Wm. Records
After distributing ballots to D1; Arthur pound, New York
ellch member of Student ASSO- State Historian, has asked for vol-
elation. Ilwmhcl‘s 0" Mysklmhl unteers from State College to assist
will seat themselves at tables in conecting war records for A1-
Placed in the him" 0f the audi- bany. This staff of volunteers, at-

 

VOL. xxvm No./ (K

action can be lakch, ycl even an
the residents.

The Dormfories are owned and Hill by the Alumni Association
for students attending Silllc College. This means that close coop-
eration is in order. Regardless of complaints, it is only fair to recall

torlum and in the balcony. There ter a period of training, will then
is to he one table apiece for have an important role in compiling
each of the three upper classes the local war-time sacrifices and
and two for the freshman class. contributions — all a part of the
students are to file out by rows records of the war on the home-
to their class tables where Mys- from.

kania class guardians will verify Letters from the men and wo-

explanation of lhis would satisfy

that bill. for _l|lc Alumni Assoculllon, there might be no such group their having [mid student TM; men in the armed fol-ces- letters
houses. But some the sludcnis are pllylng for all they receive, they When the distinctive Myskanla from migrants from this locality to
are [)ill'llclpilllls ill the housing venture, and as such they are entitled Wimp has been llhwed “Doll the the (lefehse fﬂCtOl'leS 1“ other cen-

fo be dealt with immediately.

SA Election ForVice-President

ballot, each student is to deposit ters. complete files and clippings

his vote in the designated box. from local newspapers. Reci Cross
The entire student body is re- and USO bulletins. as well as re—

quested to follow carefully di- Ports 0f Speclal programs and

motions from the chair and to drives, are all war records that must

cooperate with class marshals be gathered-

ussisting at the election. This The underlying purpose of this

    will eliminate confusion and activity is to provide factual data

With the Student Association
Vice-Presidential election slated
for today's assembly, the recently
opprovrd voting amendment will
have its first practical application.
In addition to balloting for a new
Vice—President. the student body
will make written nominations for
Campus Queen.

Two formal requests for money
lli‘C to be submitted to tile associa-
lion ill the form of‘ resolutions. One
comes from the Vic Committee ask-
ing for $15 from the surplus; tllc

Conrad Thiboull, Concert Singer

And Radio Star,

by Kit Kendall

l"l'll|il radio program to radio pro-
gronl. (Jonrud ’l‘hfbuull. Jumps, and
arranges his schedule so he cull visit
Stall- holwcvn limos. (‘oiiiinuiug ifs
pr llf'_\‘ of pl'cscllliiu; oulslulldlllg
personalities lo llil‘ sludcnl. body,
Music f‘ouncil will bring lllf‘ coil-
f'l‘i'l. quI rudio singer to Page lluli
lll'\l i"l'lduy ill. “:15 l’.M.

Mr. ‘l‘llfbuull's radio programs are
llil' ".'\illl‘l‘l(‘flll Melody flour” and
“h’lullhulluu Murry - (lo - Round."
iic also ll]l|)(‘.li'l'll oil such collilllcr—
f‘llll shows us Muxwl-ll House "Show-
boul." (.‘oru—(‘ohc A N i’ (,‘iypsios,
l'llillip Morris, Lucky Hll'ikc, HUA-
Vll'for's "Magic filly." l'uckul'd. ulld
olhrl's.

llo.lsllnu |il‘l'l(‘l‘l pl'onulu'lulion ill
fl\'l- (lllll'l'l'lll lunculuu-s und |li'lllll-
lhlllrl, vcl‘sullllly ill ills sclerllons.
Mr. 'l‘hlbuull “‘1” Include well-loved
f\llll‘l‘ll'llll follvsoluls ulul opl-ru
airs on his pronrulll llcxl ll‘rldny.
lll' will hilly, ovcl'ylhfllg from "Old
l"llllih Al lloulc“ lo llll lll'lll from
(MW of Vl'i‘di's i)|)l‘i'll.‘l.

Silo-ling his singing i'lll‘l‘l‘l' in u
church choir, (lonrud 'l‘lllbuult this
find u slow. slcudy climb to l'ulnc.
Wllll llll‘ sumo perseverance that
has uun'kcd many “rugs to riches"
stories. Mr. 'l‘hlblullt has often had
sol-bucks lo his career. At times
the slnuor resorted to being a floor-
wulkrl' lil u dcpurtlncllt store, lilie-
mall lll u telephone company, and
chn a soda jol'kcr . . . all to earn
enough to routiliuo his studies.

Comes to Stole

Al'lcr work ill. llll‘ Curlls institute
of Music lll l’llillulclphlu. recogni-
lion flilully l'llllli‘. 'l‘ilo [coding
burilonc of fin- l’lllllllll‘llilllfl Opera
Company become ill just before a
performance uild us ill the flcllolull
success stories, Mr. 'l‘lllbuull. sloppcd
illlo flu- pul'i-~ liil(l rl'cogllllioll.

ills ll‘llchcl' wus l‘illllllf) de (lo-

:nl‘zo. and even now, Conrad 'l‘hi-
buull continues to study with him.
Says Mr. 'l‘ilihuull, "A singer never
stops learning."

Music (Slouucll's guest artist has
n fond ufl'ccllon for file l“l'(‘ll(‘.ll
poll|ill‘, llllllsclf‘ being a lll'Hi‘l‘ilfllllll.
of Allufolo ["1'uncc. the great Wench
wl'llcr. Among (‘olu'ud 'l‘hlbuult’s
lllll‘lll'x ls composing music. l'Ic
rcccnlly wrolo ll song called. “Sol-
l.fl‘|' of l“lflllllllg l"l'illlll("'-~~~lt dedi-
rullou lo the lilillll‘ of his illlccsfry.

lif‘f‘l'ltlilH upproxllnulcly lilll) f'ull
ll‘lll‘l‘h o mouth. Mr. 'l‘hlhuuit's
film» is almost lull his own. full
if you ask him who his favorite fun
is. llc'll full you his motllcl'l

Al llll‘ l'ullroud sfluion there will
he I'l'lil'l‘ht‘illlllli’l‘h of Music louncll
:lncky Music (louucllfi to welcome
Mr. 'l‘hiboull and Mr. Mowbruy, his
lu-compunlsl. when lllcy arrive on
Friday afternoon.

The New York l’osl says of Mr.
'l‘lllbuull, "lie is one of the most
completely satisfying artists to be
heard of. present. He is also one
of the few of whom it can be said
that ho is an artist first and a
singer second."

for local and community histories,
to create a fund of" material for
later selection by libraries and mu-
seums, to provide all members of
the armed forces with correct in-

wili accelerate the voting.
other seeks an appropriation of
approximately $100 to cover the cost

of curtains for the Cafeteria, the
News Office and the Commons.  T P 1'
Also on the morning program is O  formation available for later sup-
a brief discussion of war activities lJOl‘t 0f Just 01011115. and to enlighten
offered at State and a plea for  y T d y future community leaders in the
100% registration for war work next a s on Ues 0 lessons of cxlierlence as revealed ln
week in the rotunda. Ruth Hines, “"_“"‘ , this conflict-
v45_ Student Chairman of Wm- Ac- Advanced Drainatics will offer two This Wm Records group now in-
livlt‘ws Councll is to speak on be- NEWS “0” TWde “t 3‘30 P-M- 1" eluded in the College war hctivlties
half of the Council. Phil” Hf‘“ Alldllm’h‘m: “ trage‘ly replaces the Research division I
Campus Queen Nominations (“reeled by Mary DOI'OUW Alden- '45: Last year, over 60'". of the student;
Nominations for Campus Queen lllldllCOlllt‘dY dll‘CCLCde Rum F1110. body registered with War Council
will precede the v.9. election, All '45. Miss Alclcn's lilnr ﬁlm's Lucille “some this is om- second Wm. of
students who have paid student tax Krillli'. "i5. lllld MlSS Fhlfl'ﬁ llle war," says Dr, E110,“ Stokeq hem] of
may nominate any Senior woman slurs Jllnles Mcholey. ‘45, and Eliza- Women‘mm Fucuu‘v Cm‘h'mun 10,.
as their choice for queen. Tl'udi- bl‘lli I. McGrllth, '46. the COUDCIL um. o‘xpom to exceed
fioiuilly. hollllllnlions are based rpm. 500ml group of mg plays W111 last year's cnrollmenl. We need the
Hugh lmlllllm'llv- be presented Tuesday, October 26. support 01' everyone and we hope to
“‘9 V-P; “106110”. 1“ l“ 09”“? “L ’l‘licsc are under the direction of enroll 100"; student pnrflcilmflon.”
flu" “"d "1, ‘1‘.“ “”“"”‘,b1-" WWW“; lillulnc Dmoz and Pussy St'llloll. lllncs (‘lloscn student Chairman
ll‘ names of the fhc candidates mum,” M” ‘W , , ,
«Margaret Dec, Noru Gluvolll. Bur- ‘ , ' ' , , ,u m. COUPE.“ meeting Tues"
buru Pulnuln. John Smith ulld Louh Mm“ Dim)“ l’my"”“ “"l’l‘ISIICMM mi,“ I‘m" H'mfhl' ‘1')‘ WM "MN" m
’l‘lschlcrl will appear on the lnlhl- (30‘1“"li’_1"‘” W" “hul'lu’l'f'l's- 'I‘T'N’" “551$ Doll” Shims “5 Go'clllﬂx'nll‘ll'
“(Hum)le [mums distributed by Amy, '44. and Fred mehm-I '47, who Murlc Lelbl, ‘lli, was chosen Secre-
mpmlm-S Ur Mysknnm‘ Smlm- no“- depict u conplcco—storring on lli'oud— WWI "11d Fl'l‘fhll'h‘k Sll‘llllllllkl’l’» '44.
0mm, 1...,ulm-Hml, Snowy. Mom- way. The ucflon (likes plucc bnck- “'1” 0011mm“ 1“ “is D051 llﬁ TWIN“
burs of file student body will then ﬁlllll‘ in H lllculcr. WW»
illlllilil‘l‘ lhelr ballots ill the ol'dl‘l' Miss Schlott's play is u f'lu'cc ubolll Di" Jlmn M- Slli’h‘Hv Pl'l‘ﬁhh‘llL 0f
(,1' “lull-“rpm... Amn- Mygkumu u “yummy mum“ who (10mm. [0 lthollcgc,\villiippoinl.twofaculty
mmmm-S 5m”, mmnsolvvs “1, 1,1“; mm mm- mq-mmﬁ m ,1 “1mm. lllcnllicl's to fill lilo vncuncics cre-
t‘llth follies. students will file out by party. The purl of (he wife. is pon- "It‘ll Di’ Dl'. liobrl‘l. Rclnow, former
rows to have their ballots stlnnped ml by man” Mum], '45; husband, Ah'h‘lsllllll I’I‘Ul'l‘N-‘lm‘Of SOL‘llllStlldlCS.
ul'lcr Myskunlu checks cucll voter's (ylydpcuok".17;c(mk,vanm Joye“, and Mrs. Alum l\'. Barnum of the
name ugulnsf llll‘ student iux list. '15; purlol' build. from Hock. “l5; Mull“ l‘lltllllliﬁ
’l‘llUHv will) llllVl‘ lllll' llllld lllx Wm liousl-lnuld.(lcrlrudc Myers, 'li-l: use— A new plan has been formulated
be blll'l‘cd from l'llllllllL Allhmlilh ful lnuld. ltosnnlu- llnydcll. ‘-ili; and ill regard lo the Stamp Booth. Siilco
cul'll sludcnl. will receive a bulllll lhc odd mun. Albert Road, ‘47. Newman Club. AEPhi. Forum, and
lllld oven number if. no vote is lc-  .._...,____ (hp 01,155 01‘ up; “we gnaw.“ “will
uni unless Hlllllllll‘d hi’ Mi'Skllllhl- services, voluillcer groups will hence—
Sludcllis who lll‘l' lcgully ubscllf. Season Tickets on Sale «Conform-d on filly/1' .;1

from assembly will be given on _..___.M___.-...._.___
ll|)|)l\l‘lllllll_\’ lo vole from 12 noon to ' ' '

1 PM. ill the Page llull uudllorluul. For D & A Actwmes
l’rlu-lll-o leaching. during llll‘ assem-
bly period constitutes it “legal” ex-
cusc.

 

 

 

 

Commerce Club Reception

Dl'llllllillt‘H ulld Art Council. under
lllc direction of Trans Ailey, Kisi. will
sell season's lickcls lo the fin-co D .\<
‘ ' A presentation lukeing place this

if - ' ‘ l ~ . ~ . v « r

Deon Calls Meeting of Men M'u' H" mm” wm L05“ “‘7‘)‘ class-men in the Commerce Depart»

,_ . 'l‘lils plunlwus devised so that the mom m.“ “Wum '

mum”u,Nomuhlmnm014110001. faculty wou (l have a chance to see I. , , , ' n I ,I ..

10g... l-mmlﬁtﬁ mm, “H WWW. mm the presentations without tbcfrouble (~)(,l‘,l,lfm‘.m1l§ 
attend an important meeting to be 01 culling new lickcls ouch tlmr. Al). plays are scheduleld‘for' 00--
held Monday, at noon, in Room 206. Students who wish to purchase lobar 12.
Advice will be given concerning the tickets for their parents or for house- Sylvia Tl'op, “iii, is General Chair.
Army-Navy Qualifying Test lA—l‘aor mothers may do so next week by liuul for the reception, Helen D'Ap-
V-lill which will be given on Novcin- dropping in lit the D or A office in rlx. “H, mid Helen Elglh. '44. are in
buy 0, the Commons. charge of refreshments.

'l‘hc Commerce Cllll) reception for
freshmen will be held Wednesday
evening from 7:30 to 9:30 ill the
Lounge. All freshmen and upper—

 

   
 
  

....:.,.‘w.: 5:23;“: ., 37k.“

2.52s: -

   
      
             
            
              
      
   
 
     
         
                
        
       
      
       
     
   
     
      
  
  
   
         
    
  
  
       
   
   
 
     
       
   
   
   
     
    
      
     
   
    
              
   
 

: mamgmgm;

.“K’Iﬁ‘—r< . , .

  

