 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L,.—.»...———~~wq i. .~.. .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9I6
by the Class of l9l8

Thursday, April 22, 1943 No. 24

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Callaghan Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published eVery Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Burrows, 2-2752.

 

 

Vol. XXVII

 

REPRISENTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIINC IV

NationalAdverttsmgServrce,Inc.
Collage Publisher: Retranntallua

420 MADIsoN AVE. NEw YORK, N. Y.

CNICAUO I BOSTON I L03 ANGELEB - 5AM 'lINCllCO

The News Board

FLORA M. GASPARY } _

R. MURIEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS Ehti’OR

 

- - CO-EDITORS-IN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

JANET BAXTER - . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDIT IR
BETTY STENGEL - ~ - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
Isis-gay s

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

 

A lemg Easter

This is an age of sr'icnte. We learn facts in
(lass. We demand facts. We demand proof
for tile ideas antl statements laid before us'.
We are a skcplital minded generation and yet
the life of man is double-fold, material and
spiritual. ’l'here is another part to our natures
tvliith is called faith. It is tfic spiritual core of
ottr existente and ill time of crisis sllt'll as tltis.
it is of utmost inlpot'tantc. .\sk the boys Ill
tlle army, they'll tell you “there are no atheists
lll tlle fox holes."

.-\t State College there are a ntnnber of relig-
ions organizations, there is a number of students
who lake part ill these organizations atld at tile
satnc lime there are many who take no part.
'l'hcsc organi/ations, S(2.-\, Newman, Hillel, and
other groups have planned extcllcnl programs
duringI this school year, yet how many students
hate taken part or even attended? Very few.
tollsitlct‘ing the silt: of our student. body.

Illl' majority say that the) are too busy——
llltltll work, jobs, extra-ttlrritulat' attivitics,
lltlI'I-Illlli‘ ciltploytncnl. Yet many (an filid little
to play bridge ill the tollnnons, or gossip for an
hour to two ill the Bold and on Sunday morn-
ing to sleep. With the latilitics and opportun—
itics at hand it scents t‘cgt‘ctful that more do ilot
take advantage of these to salist one part of
their existctite.

This is not to say that everyone should to-
operate fully with tile religious organizations
on the talilptis oi to sit) that t‘\(‘l')t)il(‘ should
attend (lilll'tll. 'l his is an iltditidtlal pl'oblclll,
merely a plea to the student body to be mole
tonstious of the spitilual cxistcnte of life
around us. liastcr should be a spiritual t‘e-
put-nation lot all of us and the words "Holy
Week," should be filled with meaningful sig-
nifttatnc. Rcligion or an inner philospli) of
life is something tvllitll (an easily be tl\t‘ll'llll
by the niatctialistit matters of lifc. ()ut spitit
ttal hciiltlgc is deep and [Ill]. l,ct's not lose it.

First Call for Atoms

ll lIlt' spcctllcs oi llll‘ \Itttlctil \ssotittlitlll
ttltnlnlatcs ttl l.lsl I'ltdat's .lssclnblt failed to
altotnplish llIt'fl inllnt'tliatc ptllposc, that of
tt‘lnilitlg \otcs, they at least tllll btillg some
thing of a quite lltllt'lt'ltl thaltnlcl to lll(‘ iUli‘.
Iicyond .lll question, a lttlgt- pcltclitagc of tllc
tantlltlatcs ptotcd a poitit, although it is not
dcltultc that .lll ol lIttist' listening .tppictiatcd it.

flit-y ttsctl lIIiIf'il‘lll lt'lllls .tlltl pltlascs, lllcsc
tttlttlitlalcs, bttI Ilch llf(.IIfl Illt' satllc thing,
Ihc) shout-d nilillt' uttllt battlch \\.t\t‘i\ that
all had not lit‘t'ti til \tllll. III sltott. |lIl'\ cti
tlt inctl llft' t \tstt ffti' of that \ttal and intangible
t'llliltill stltool splitt. Illtt sllottt'll its that
.I If\\ ttho .fif’ still cttjotiilg lllc lictlcltts of
tillth lifc lttIlI/f' that fall, as \tcll as lltt' tlo/
t-tts oi otltcts ttlto it.l\l' llccll ItlIti'lI to lt'ft\f'
Stall (.lilIt'Ht' below "their lltltt' \\.ts tip".

Illt'\ folln a lllltlt‘lfs, tlit-sc It\\, light hctc
at State Illi'\ totilplcnit'tlt iIIl' Il'Ilt'ls of all
\ltt‘ incli that bit-.ttllc nostalgia. .\Iolc atotns
alc ilt’t'tli'll to ctllatgc this nutll-tis, and State
f.ollcgc )ott'tc t'If‘tIf'IIl

5'1)er~ COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY APRIL 22, 1943

War Fronts by Ryan

For the first time in history, the
President and Vice-President were
abroad simultaneously, in this week
of the war. Both traveled to Mex-
ico, to strengthen international rela-
tions. One remembers the days
when our oil wells were conﬁcated,
and reads with interest the Presi-
dent’s statement that “we know
that the day of exploitation of the
resources and the people of one
country for the beneﬁt of any group
in another country is deﬁnitely
over." Both Presidents promised
greater collaboration between their
countries in the future.

Quisling, who replaced Benedict
Arnold for the doubtful honor of
the world’s foremost traitor, jour-
neyed to Hitler’s retreat for a mys-
terious conference. Probably on the
annoying refusal of the Norwegians
to be conquered spiritually. Broad—
casts on Schicklegruber’s birthday
were interrupted by a ghost voice.
Goebbels must have lost a little
more of his hair. The voice pre—
dicted new air raids on the Reich,
and undoubtedly gave the Ger-
man audience some uncomfortable
thoughts for the day.

The British Eighth Army took the
offensive against the last Axis posi—
tions in North Africa, and forced
a breach in the enemy line at En-
gridaville. The attack is presum-
ably carrying out the plan of
driving the Nazis into the sea,
which is a nice place for them
after all. However, Rommel is still
strongly entrenched in the moun-
tain ridges to the north.

The Navy reported that Kiska
had been bombed nine times in one
day, which sectns to mean that the
Japs have an efficient air base for
attacking our Alaskan airfields.
The strategy of these constant
bombings is a bit. dubious to the
layman, since it. seems that the Japs
merely fill up the bomb craters
with the nearby debris, and keep
right on going. In the Southwesi
Paciﬁc, the Allied forces continued
bombing on Japanese positions.

A Frenchwoman escaped to Eng-
land in a ﬁshing boat, warned that
only a threat of invasion in 1943
sustained the occupied peoples.
She warned that Frenchmen were
at the end of their tether physically
and only waited for the promised
invasion.

 

Again Apostrophe__

 

By Jaspar Molincux, News‘ Political Editor
Last Friday‘s speeches in Assembly were among the most satisfying
delivered in this Staiesman's memory. There was humor, originality, and
a new seriousness in almost all of the speeches.
The wave of the future was all too plain, as only girl candidates spoke
for the office of Secretary of Student Association. Among these speakers,
Rosann Hayden got the most applause for her clever speech, parodying

famous poems and ending with a song.

Esther Uial came iii a close second

with a speech, combined with that of her manager, reminiscent of vaude-
ville patter. The other girls adopted their own individual styles of delivery,
but were hard put to match the Hayden, Utal sparkling and Dorothy
Parkcrish style. Nevertheless, when the votes were counted, the women
who still remain in the running were not. the clcvcrcr ones, but "Liz"
McGrath, Marie Seuddcr and Lynn Wolll', who employed a more or less

straight style.

Among the Junior candidaics for Vice-President, the general average
was much higher. Barbara Putnam gave a touching and moving tribute
to State College, and Peggy Dec got off in a flying start, but was obviously
unnerved whcn Don Vanas stood up to remind het' that her time was
almost up. The highlight of the whole assembly, as usual, came with
Harold Goldsicin. Our favorite comedian coined a new word for tile office
of Vice—President, as he compared it to a “yo—yo", and brought a general

air of hilarity to the proceedings.

He quickly turned to a serious vciii,

however, and raced through to a fine closing. The other speakers were
good, but not outstanding. Aiid in this case, the speeches were cvidcnily
solid bases of merit, since the voters turned out' most sirongly for Putnam
and Goldstein, leaving them up for rcvoics.

The big moment come when

the candidates for President arose.

Kiley c a frank and sincere appraisal of the responsibilities of file
position, and Laiimcr was at her best in an equally sincere plea for a war-
eonscious student government. On the whole, it was a satisfying hour.

As to predictions, oven the most confident prophet would hesitate.
It will undoubtedly be a close battle for the Presidency, with both candi-
dates notably efficient and able. How litany students will wish to coniinttc
the tradition of a man presiding over the Assembly is impossible to foresee.
Especially since the popular l'lal Ashwoi'fh is backing Kiley-resort of an

attempt to give his torch to a proxy.

As for secretarial i'cvotes, ilie relative strength of the sororities will
undoubtedly turn the tide. Even the war couldn't change that very
much. The race for "yo—yo" will undoubtedly be close. If the speeches
were any indication, both candidates are remarkably equal iti ability,
and the deciding l'oetoi‘s will be popularity and student opinion.

 

Posters and Patriotism

 

 

Dear Editor:

A yawn, perhaps it seowl, and the
old eonit'oversy is on are entitli—
dates really candidates or just
rept'csctltatchs of their respective
crganizations'.‘

Well, we're a pretty democratic
student body l’erhllps we even
pottild tllc table top flfl(l campaign
for the "best man". No political
muchincs lll this college! Sororities
atld fraternities no longer exert a
great influence over the elections,
so We argue.

Wc'i'c students of democracy iti
theory anyway . . . titttil Election
(‘oinmissioll's hangover from 1937
spoils otit‘ noble struggles itiwt‘ti'tl
open~miIidt-dnt-ss

'l‘llis Week on each Sludent Asso—
cittlion t'illllllltllﬁli poster lilttsi lip-
pear llit' lliillit' of the fraternity or
~.lil'l)lfl)’ of which Illt' candidate is
if nit-nibl-r Docs In». affiliation with
such an organization littllt'tlll‘
Wlli‘llit'l‘ oi not a candidate t;. fitted
for ollicc'.’

l’ct'ltttps ottr pretleccssori. of IIIIIT
had reason In demand iiliti tl candi—
tllllc show his (li'cck Iclit't's. l"oi‘
at least iWo ycitt's I‘lli‘t‘iltlll ('oiltmis—
sion has branded the requirement
fillhltil‘lt'

licl'oi't- next year, another yawn,
anothl-r scowl, tutti another coli—
ti-th-rsy, a t‘t'tttflt'etitctli which reeks
of prejudice should be erased from
S A cutllptlign titles.

Voter

Dear Editor:

Being a new freshman, I suppose
I shall be named an upstart and a
"stilarf, alcck". Nevertheless I have
it suggestion. I also maintain a
hope find some ol the people iii this
school who have the power to act
tlpoll suggestion Will at least, have
the opportunity to read this.

We, being good Alitct‘lt'atis, have
IIIflfIl' if a policy to sing tlllt' ilalionltl
anllicln iii assembly. So we sing
that \’t‘I' 1- beginning "()h say! can
you see  a description of a battle
ill lllt' War of Hill What's the
matter wttli tts'.’ Where is our
progrt-ssttt- sptl'lt'.‘ Don't we know
fli.ll lllt-t'c is another \'ci'.st, the
third, which in cflcct embodies the
Alllt'ffl'ttll splt'tl'.‘

fill thtl-. be it t-vt-l' ‘.\I|l'f| iil'l‘ flit‘il
-.ll.tll stand
lictuccn IIIl‘ll‘ lov'tI Illlfill“. .tlld
the war}. tlcsoitliiolt.’
liless'd Willi vict'ly and |Jt'.lt't', may
Illl' lit-tlv'n i'cst'ltI-tl land I
I’iltl‘l‘ lile l'ou'l that llllfh mutic
alld picst-rvt-d us a nation!
'l'ht-n conquer uc must, when ottr
caitst- if is Just,
And this be out liloflo. "In litili 1:.
ottr lt’ttsfl'
And the Slur Spangled Iiuttttl-l‘ itl
lt'ittmpll shall wave,
(I'I-i' llic lltttd of Illt' free and the
ltoilie of the brave.”
Ni‘t'tI I say more'.’

A ll'rosll

  

By Lyn Burrows —\

The loco/c oppress’d, the impression of strange kinds
Is- [mined in them by force, by fraud, or skill,
For men have niorblc, women. women, illilids,
And therefore are they forin'd (ts- marble will:
Sholccspcarc

Women, backed by sororal organizations, have al-
ways dabbled in politics at State. This year, however,
they are having a hey—day. It is another thing the
war is doing to the college. It is a gruesome thought
upon which to dwell. It isn’t that members of the
fair sex are mentally or physically incapable of build-
ling the elective offices. Somehow, though, women
get so liiticlt nastier, so much more adept at the old
game of knife-throwing than men, that the situation
is cause for pessimism.

THIS 'N’ 'l‘llA’l‘

Licui. Roger Moran, US. Army Air Forces, has
been serving overseas for the past six months . ,
Navigath a flying fortress, Madame 3ltttcr/Iy, in a
raid on the railroad yards at Rotten, France . . . Sieve
Kusak was in town last week . . . Grounded tltlc to
bad weather . . Ho's Chief pilot at [he lioellcstt-l,
N. Y. ail'pol'i . . . Would like to get in a Navy uni»
form, but CAA thinks he's pretty important instruct
ing , . . Sieve is still spreading around his philosop‘t ;,
. . . The same philosophy, foo . . . l.ieui. .loc Mc('abc
of the ferry command has been in school this week
His firsi leave in eighteen months as a pilot . . . lit-L.
now looking for aciioti in a bomber squadron . , . Boll
Leonard has just started his fifteen months stretch
as a cadet at chsch' Field . . . Bill ’l‘crwilligct' has
been called for his Av/c training . , . Now in Nils-li-
ville taking classification exams Rich Young.
Roy Williams, and Paul Wagner are also at Nashville
. . . l'lavc six weeks yet in go . , . Second Licut. “(III
Mcsek is now in tile Air Force School of Applied
Tactics at Orlando, Florida . . . llicttt. Wallace ’l‘aylor.
stationed at GUIfIJUI‘i Field, Miss, is olliccr iii chargi-
of ()iliccr's Forum . . . He likes fllc Army better llnlti
ltc did, but still wouldn't choose if if he IIillI .t
choice. . . .

More news from Full Niagara . . . Dooley \viitt .
ihai 'I‘ocpfcr is a goldbt‘ick , . . Making money band
over fist Verrey and Dooley got Ill-l and fill
respectively iii the government I.Q.'s . . 'f'lirt-t
cheers for State's geniuses . Marty Borlnick vols
digging a ditch wltcn he saw licnckcr, Dooley, Vcrrey.
atid company arriving . . . Bol'inick now has a soft
job on special duly behind a desk. . . .

Lictli. j.g. llowic Mcrriatn of the Navy now .st'lltb
mail postmarked “Honolulu” . . . I.cs (lei-t7. still film».
England vcry much . . , l'le's "wcll ilnd happy" . ,
Bob (‘0on has felt .lcfl'crson Barracks, lVlishit i'l . .
Last heard of from British Columbia . . It could In-
Alaska . . . 'l‘om ll‘ccncy has left Monmouth with an
A.P.O. number . His hair now measures one—half
inch . . . He was very uninformaiivc oven to his Iit‘sl
girl , . . Your guess is as good as anyonc's
(‘api. Benedict was "Very grateful" for l).V.'s It'lli‘l,
his first news iii a long time . . . llf' would lllt‘t‘
to hear front l’oftct' Club boys llit'k liollsdalc.
married to Carol Kelly, is commissioned this .yccl-L
as ensign . . . llc tltcit goes to sub—chaser school [It
Miami, and finishes in August. . . .

Mike thlrtlih, OCS candidate, has had gremlins on

his frail . . l"irsl it was double pneumonia, Illt‘ll
sinus ilifcclion . . . All of which set him back consid-
ei'ably . . . Ilowic liyllt'h also had gremlins . He

had to report late at Ciliin Barkclcy because of ill-
ness . . . lie ended up in the Medical Corps
(‘orportll Andy 'l‘tlkils at l"ot'f llcnning, (ill., Weill to
()CS the first of April liich Young likes t'\'t'l\
thing Ill 'l‘ciltlessct- cxccpl the weather . . . Bernh-
h‘kolsky Liccsli'f care for classes of ‘ij‘ii’l AM.
Lit-til. (Bordon "lllltl is eligible to be lst l.icttt., Ilfl\|lI:',
just finished his "six months hitch" . . . 'l‘oin Bret-ii
will finish meteorology til NYU ill folli‘ \vccltw .
Iiit-ttl. lllck IIibnei'. leaching ill I"oi‘f Washington, l\ltl
talks of it "bang-le State College rt-umon" “hell do

is all ovcr . . . .Iiliitllie ('lulppcll is on tnanctm-ts

l.llst week he bind a chat with \I'ah'afll .lt ('.ll|li’
llttckcr a e lloh l\’lc(iregor is going to Itt.lft'.
(iinlly llouglalnl this summer , Steve IIttII dot

tll.lrl‘y lIotst-intll'y l.i.~-.f Saturday iii Schenectady
lloth will live \\Ilt'|'l‘ Steve 1. stationed (iii Hllyth'l
.ttd littck III|I|llt'Ii .nc Iclit Illtllt". ill St l’t-tclsliul

'l‘lle solltln-t'it Iltl\’s llit' "calillt', tip” the llllllt'. ll.
boy-t cl'ootl litllpll (IlllI'Ii, Mudimt. \\'l~., IIII\\ ptt‘
I’l'l' Ill front of lit:. iittllll' lIl’ i-. I‘lllt'llttllll‘ll .‘

t t' ll of \l'tscolvdn IlHll by do lilll\‘t’l‘-ll\ t‘ltill
:tltl.
l.(l('.‘\l. H'I'l'll'll'

t\pltl |‘.l liliill, lli-. lll |l.\'. Smith tollll'H'

.t ll'Ill'i \\I|ftl| llt' llt'\‘t'f ~t'lltl'. it t .llt ..II at.
IIIIII"II ll'li--.l ll l“t.l .i'f“. ' Ill‘»?. and illf\ \\llft II .llltttlllll
In no lllllt'” Sillill'illlit'ti tltI-tc I. .t cotttlctlllmlt tit

ittt‘ \\I||t'it Iilt‘ll' i.‘~ Ittt (Il‘Il'lI‘d', Iil‘l'.|ll‘.t' Illtlt‘ \\.I ll“
Ila-.1. fol .It't'fl'ullitlll llt llnv opinion of IIll‘ tillfiltlll
|"I.t~cl ultltply bud .t lot of llt‘l\‘(' 'l‘ltc \\llHI|' on
how ll. l'tttiII polttl‘. II is .lti IIIIt'It'ltlllit', topic of
t'tili\'('l‘tltlitll|

The Weekly Bulletin

t‘\l.l‘.\ll\lt Aptil :iti All I‘\Illitll Irv
' :1 :-' fit "I

lllll‘ll Liii lf('\'iill'tt itit .‘iIII Illhlﬁlnflm “HIM H”
tielll. Ahhill‘lltlltlll lilllt t'.‘» AW.” H” “hm” (.lllh “I, ,I
lit filo (‘tittitliotin
Aplll Lifl Nti ot'litlol

 

fin: til the I.ttttlli'4' .'
1 l' M

Finance Board

Reviews Budget

Will be Presented to
Student Body April 30

Student Board of Finance has
for the past week been reviewing
budgets submitted by the various
organizations in the college. In
doing this if is wielding the new
power granted to it by the Student
Association amendments passed in
assembly several weeks ago.

In past years, the Board has
merely been able to pass the bud-
gets with no restrictions on the pro-
posals. Tile power of questioning
and restricting items was reserved
for Student Association. Their pro—
posals were in turn discussed at an
open meeting at which any student
was welcome and which was pre—
sided over by Student Association's
president. It was here that the or-
ganization heads tlcl'cndcd their
proposed budgets. The compromises
decided on were then voted oil at
the licxi Student Association As-
scnlbly.

This year. however. much of fills
procedure has been simplified by
merely giving l“llltlil(.'(.' Board the
power, in closed meeting with or-
ganization heads, to questions, or
withhold any of tile budgetary items
before referring the budget for filial
Student Association approval. Mort-
stringent budch control was 'tllso
evidenced lil further sections of tile
amendment which forbade removal
of funds of an organization from
title liilc to another or front ont-
organization to another.

The present Finance Board which
is hearing btldgct arguments this
year includes Mr. George M. York,
Professor of Cliiiltiiet'ce; Mr. udward
1.. Cooper, Instructor iii Connncrcc;
Verne Marshall and Benjamin ltccd,
Juniors; Nancy Hall, 315; and Doris
Saylcs, VIII. The budget as passed by
this Board will be submitted to Slu—
dcttl Association iii assembly l“l‘i(lily,
April ill). The fact that the Board
has already questioned the items
will not abridge the right of any
Student Association liieilibt-i' to
question ilic budget.

Elections—-

(Continued fl‘olll page I, colllntll 7’)
Sweeney, Betty. Songlcadcr: Dona—
htlc, .lzlncf; ll‘tlbrizio, Angela; l’uf—
nam, Barbara; Sprenger, lVIuI'ilm
WAA Manager: (iravellLNoru; Sun.
tlt‘l'St)I1,lVIill'y. WAA llcpresciitllliv.-:
Bostwiek, Marguerite; Now, Mary:
Schlolt, l’cg. (.‘liccl'lcttdci‘: Cook.
Carolyn; l)ci.‘hctic, Marie; liltyiiioic
Bellit'icc; Smith, .loalt; Still, lalcillc,
Editor of ll‘rosli handbook: lilakc,
Ruth; Cooper, Stuma; Ilt'lilll, .lllnc;
Ilylilld, .Ioan; Marsh, l‘llII|.l; thlclt,
Agnes

(‘Iass of ‘lti

l’l‘esidcnf' lint-low, i\l.lrl.til; (lil-
l.lit, flittiiel; l.o ll'llro, lit-11y; i\l1ltcl',
.l.tlttt'.s; Hilllivnil. litillct‘f, Vlt‘t’
l't'cstdcill I'ltiltl, Sliillcv, (liotl,
Nt'llll‘; llaycu. I'll'tt‘lllll, l.lll|to\\sltl.
Winnie; lt‘_\;lll .ltllnl-s. Seen-tat)
('ttmilliltgs, Wain-l, (if'llllll, .It'.tltﬁ
llanlllft.lt, llclty. l\'rclsllcl'g, Hchlta.
I.icbl, .\’l.ltic; t\'Itltlti_\,I‘llIl't'li; l’t-lll t‘lt.
Attila. Woods, .lllltfl 'l'i‘c.i-.tttt-l
(ilos, Inn-l; IIflll‘,I|I, I.illt.ltl. Iltiytlil,
h'. nilIIl, Ii-l\'l'l'l(l\,iil'tlllﬁf‘Ili', l\l.llln-t',
.lo.tll. l\lc(lrulh, I‘lll/.llit'lll .I, Navy.
l\'lttlit-|. Nolan, l\l.tl\ Holttzlctulcl
f‘.l:.t-y,l’l-ttt:\. H'Ihtctt, I‘llltllil'l I’.l\\-
lttclti, William. lt'ltsscll, Arlllttl.
'l'l‘op. Sylvia \I'At\l\l.ttt.ol,t-i Ilttlttl,
(icottu'flc, II.tth-t. Ill-Iii WAA
Iil'llll“~l'ftl.tll\'t‘, littlloclt. N.ll.llt:-,
Hllollp, I'llll‘t'll I'Iil't-llcotlt't ('ltt-ll
clot, ll'lclt.litl. Inllllll‘. l‘\ll)t‘|I i\l.o-,
lilo, .lo cpltltlc, l’lllllflc, lit-l t_\
illlllllt. Iltttlri, Hillbilllll, (it'lll'\'l"\'t'.
Hint-fl, thhllt, Slat-1c IIt'lt'II. Wll
Iltllll', Iil‘II\ I‘tlliltctf\ llltccfot
ll.ttlc\ It'll. ell l"l-lli., .It'.lll. I‘lliltlu
lt'lllli, .Itlhn.t.tll, Atnhcy, Kendall,
hilt Yt tlltiz, Alice

WAC Seeks Blood Donors

Wot .‘\t'll\'lllt“t ('otlllctl Il'llt'AI'v lI'
c.lll for blood litiltlii’ Hftltlcllls .ttc
li‘fiill‘hil'li lo sti'll lip .iI IIH‘ Hlolltp
litlollt Ilt‘lltlt‘ .'I fill lml.I_\

l'lttsitta \\Ill be will to not hos
ptlttls and lied (‘ltimh centers at the
front.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1943

New Instructor, Fresh from China,
Tells of Life in Occupied Country

 

A laughing lady, sealed at the
new desk in Room 32, leaned back
and casually said, “It's spelled N-I-
H, but you pronounce it like this”,
as she coqucfiishly indicafcd hcr
lrncc.

With that, startling and fascinat—
itig tales started evolving and whirl-
ing about in the English oflicc like
plus and minus electrons. For Mrs.
Nih's life could make even Blue-
bcltrd turn green.

. , Alter falling ili love will] a
Chinese student at Cornell while
studying for her Masters, Mrs. Nih
married him and went to China
where Mr. Nih had received the
position of Professor of Electrical
Engineering at Chiao—Ttltig Univer-
sity lIl Chunking.

They spent ten happy years in
the Orient. 'l'cti happy years which
soon became scattered rceolleefcd
thoughts.

thl', in China, was something
real and deadly: destructive,
mangliiig, and sordid reality, Bill
bombings soon bet-nint- as unevent—
ful as int-rt- raitlfnlls anti almost as
disconcerting For many months
they were ill hiding iii Peking,
dodging iltc .laps.

It is with fllI admirable noncllal—
mice that Mrs. Nill bespctlks of two
lllt'll stcltltliily creeping tip bcliind
lli‘i' .liid flailing IIl‘l‘ to her destina—
lion. 'I'lic anti-climax came when

By Sunna Cooper

 

she learned they were private de-
icciivcs, hired by the University for
protection.

She has seen her son seized by
Japs (and recovered), and she has
watched shells fall on her children’s
school. One of Iicr closest friends
has been murdered by the Jops, and
another is at present, if still alive,
under constant Japanese torture.
Through odd lilflc expressions, one
can gather ihat these things are
part of war and must be accepted
as such.

Today, Mrs. Nih can smile when
she rccollccis smuggling goods itiiti
the city and being stopped by the
enemy. Shricking at the tops of
their lungs, the Nipponcsc ordered
her to get down off the wagon. Mrs.
Nilt, pretending ignorance, looked at
them exprossionlcss and disinter-
esfed. They may have been still)—
boi'n; but she was even more so,
Finally, with uifcr disgust for this
"stupid white woman", they gave
up. Mrs. Nili started breathing
again, and colitiiitlcd on her way.

She has been "jailed" in Kobe,
Japan, has seen her husband's Uni-
versiiy blown up, has learned how
to evade the .laps. Most of all,
she has learned to think fast and
straight. Atid ihaf wasn't all
learned from teaching at Chiao-
'l'tmg University or the University
of Pcping either.

 

 

Chicken Farmers Compete,-
Rienow First, ianford Second

State won’t have to resort to
the Black Market if eggs are
ever rationed. Dr. Robert Rienow
has been making a success of a
ihrivmg poultry farm for sev—
eral years. Feeding the hens
and collecting the eggs are done
before those lectures in the
morning.

Such a lucrative business was
sure to draw competitors and
Dr. Lanford has jumped into the
field with his own egg and hen
farm. Is the day coming when
the State College faculty will
produce for the whole college?
Cali onc’s imagination even
fathom a State College Market
iii the roiunda where the faculiy
will have their merchandise each
morning before classes?

 

 

m4: Wm 1;...

0m for:
Wmo 7adaty .7

PAGE 3

Pat Carroll Joins Waves,-
Will Leave for Duty Soon

Pat Carroll, who led the Class of
1944 through its ﬁrst two years of
college, has taken on a new duty.
Friends here learned that she had
joined the WAVES when she visited
here last week.

Miss Carroll, in addition to twice
holding the Presidency of her class,
was also appointed to War Council
and was made Junior Guide chair-
man last spring. Her decision to
take a position in the American
Locomotive Company’s laboratory
in Schenectady prevented her from
returning to college.

Miss Carroll expects to be called
by May 1, and carries with her the
best wishes of many friends and
classmates.

Art Exhibit Next Week

Miss Ruth E. Hutchins, Assistant
Professor of Fine Arts, will exhibit
some of her own watercolors in the
corridor of 2nd floor Draper, from
April 27 through May 7.

The annual photographic exhibit
for students and faculty will be
from May 11-21. The deadline for
contributions is May 7. Photographs
should be mounted on white or
crcmc 11x14 mats and given to
Carolyn Burrows, ‘43, and Glenacc
Matthews, ‘44.

 

 

Tracy Announces Cost

Of 1942-43 Pedagogue

'l'llc lll‘IE-lll l’edot/ogltc will eosf
students Title plus their :Illlili'lll

l.l.\, .‘ll't‘ltitIIIIL‘, to .lt‘flil 'l'lttcy, Edi
ll l'llf'l'llll‘l‘ of lllf‘. \c.tl"s l’ctl. ()nl)
topics \\Illt'll have previously bt-t-il
Uitlt'ft'tl .tild paid lot will be ol<

(If'it'ti lioiit tln- Itt'lfllt‘ir.. 'l'liel't- \\‘flI
luv a table III the lower litlll of
llittpl-r sonic time after lilusfcr of
which ~ftttlt-tlts call sign for l’ctls.
This Will eliminate a surplus of
I'clls being left at tile end of the
ycni 'l‘hclc are still approxitlitltcly
Lilli) yeti'b. iks left from last year.

 

Debate Squad Will Discuss
War Marriages Monday

All intrnniltl'tll debate will be
held Monthly ftI II'iill iii lile
liottllcc on the topic. liesolved‘
"'I‘llttf Women Should Not Murry
lll \Vl‘ll' 'I'tilic.‘

"lie baffli- of \xottls will be
between two .ltlilior and two
Sophomore members of Debate
Squad, the .ltlnioi's taking the
affirmative. Verna Snyder ch~
bold, '43, will act as chairman

 

 

 

 

DO YOU DIG IT?

Sublllilicd by H. 8. Stewart
Princeton Universiiy

 

 

SEND US YOUR SLANG AND GET SID IF WE USE IT
Address: College Dept, Pepsi—Cola Co., Long Island City, N. Y.

Pepsi—Colo Cotttpuny, Long Island City, N.Y. Bottled locally by Ftollchised Battlers.

HOLSUM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

KIMMEY’S BREAD

(WHITE BREAD)

KLEEN-MAID WHEAT
HOLSUM CRACKED WHEAT

(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

CONTRIBUTE TO THE

Li. S. C).
AND GET A

 

/& 49/2]

SERVICE MEN'S CANTEEN

 

 

 

