 

s--__,.~.c-«.um u.  ..  .- ..  "M  ' ‘ ‘-

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1943

 

IM Stages Two; Frosh Expect to Mangle Foe,-

Ramblers Ahead Saphs Plan on ﬂash Massacre

Falcons Also Triumph;
MAA Plans Revisions

The IM football games ‘;3111 lie

-———— y-—'———' continued next week accor ng o
Bert Km the previously announced schedule.

Student A55°°lati°n The Falcons, flashing a very
N- Y- State Conege for Teacmrs tricky attack, succeeded in downing
Dear Children: the Sheiks in last Tuesday’s game

This is your boy Bertram, speak- by a score of 1&6. The scoring
“18- Bertram Who is D‘recmr 0f honors were very well divided among
MAA, member of Myskania, Sports the members.

Editor 0f the STATE COLLEGE NEWS’ The Falcons scored all their points
mailbox commisar 0‘ camp-us com- before the hapless Sheiks were able
misgion' loyal Ramble“ mcumbe to put across a tally. Their first
TuGSday night ham’ and 8' Gad-for- count came as Coulter pulled down
saken commuter to boot. Oh yes, I a Short pass on the Sheik 15 yard
g0” Classes too‘ line and went across unmolested.

Let me see’ there mUSt be Come- Then Read received a teammate's
thing 8188' I work eigm or Slxwen lateral and made the second Falcon
110"“ a Week (dependmg 0“ .Wha touchdown. Finaiy.Da1y swept wide
time I get home saturday night) around right end from the 1 yard
loading box-cars. I allow myself the line to score.
luxury Of an occasmnal date' The Sheik's lone six points came

This full life perm“ me imm late in the contest. It was added
four to Six hours Of Sleep per nigh-h as Bininatl, advancing a flat pass,
It also permits abwt four- to -S m outmaneuvered the secondary to gain
hours a week at StUdymg' I Imagine the Falcon's goal line unscathed.

I could get along until warnings be- In a game played last Thursday
fore the law Of swaying caught up the Ramblers, sparked by Dickinson,
to me; bUt I‘m gOOd for “Other ent to their second straight triumph
week at the OUtSide Withou-t Sleep' when they blanked the Falcons 36-0.

Yes' that’s right—something has By the same means they became the
to go’ bemre I do' Shim we go over only undefeated team in the IM
the list together? League

My boys need me on MAR' In met’ The first three touchdowns were
I feel that I’ve been neglecting them. counted as Dickinson broke away
The NEWS doesn't need me' b t and ran wild early in the game.
mUSt Spread the oat'Bin to the ser- Two of the scores were made as he
Vice boys in the far-Off gloomy“ received passes deep in the enemy‘s
Navy Yard' I also like wmmg- th-e territory and the third came after
tripe' Since I'm taking AD' It IS a long twisting run. Then Ham-
to my advantage to be present at’ mond took a pass from Kiley to add
direct and be in plays' . the fourth six-pointer.

The mailboxes are an Ideal Spat Soon after, Tabner in attempting
to work Off my Monday mommg to advance the ball was tagged in
spleen throwing out small and im- back of ms own goal line for a
dated nOtes' The box-car loading safety. Dickinson gathered in the
is de “gem” The mammal date kickoff which followed and ran it
is pleasant I love my Ramblers all the way back to end the scoring.
deeply and could not bear to part McCarthy was a bulwark on the
With them' defense for the Ramblers. Through-

What does this leave? Gooa 01d out the game Tabner and Fancher
MySRania' It has been t-he cusmm threatened to break loose, but
in the was"; for busy semors to p“ through lack of a diversified attack
in their appearance in the black they failed to come through-
nightie and leave the work to the MAA is considering plans to revise
omers' And I might add m.“ there its schedule so that more men may
is a lot of work to Myskania. participate.

In my biased opinion, this ylle‘ar's
M skania is the best that I ave
sezn. I do not arrive at this decis-  Rivalry Races
ion by considering the members I T
individuall , but by what they, as a
group, havh done. There is no need To Be He J omorrow

e its accom lishments;
i911 sggargvygu that. p The Rivalry obstacle races, a reg-

I find it im ossible to ut in as 1113" femur? 0f the Campus Dai’
much time onpthis organization as Progljam. Will take place tom'JFY‘OW
it requires. I could follow prece- mommg at 10115 0" the Page Hall
dent and content myself with the fleld- Pat Paftffl‘son. 117, and COOK‘-
Friday morning appearance, but gem? Dunn. 4.6. are In. Charge 0f
the kids deserve a better break than telﬂms ff)“ 'thel!‘ F‘CSDOCPVG 01515305-
that' I do not have time to be more Since this is the first rivalry event,
than a figureheadﬂand we want no there will be consiidcrable interest
more ﬁgureheads on Myskuniﬂ‘ on the part of upperclassmcn as

And so I hereby tender my resig. well as the competing classes. This
nation from Myskamu to the Stu- contest will show something of the
dent Association. I give it to you 59”” 9f we“ 01355. and Ewe ‘1 DI'C‘
because Myskama is your organiza- View of tile tempo of coming contests.
tion and I feel that. you should know Kit Hel‘dman has arranged for
why I have taken this Step. three races in the form of relays.

And to you members,“Myskunm; The first Will be the traditional
I'm 50,”, kids, hm I runny don't suitcase rucc With. four girls from
wish to share the credit for the great "Hell “1555 Wirhcmutmg- 1“ mt“
job you ,1”. doing next event, a three-legged rucc,

‘Your mm “0”. four couples from each team coni—
 _, f pole. The final contest will be the
fifty ylird dash in which three mom-
bcrs from each side are to bc clitor-
cd. One point shall be awarded to
the victor in each contest, allowing
for if division of points.

Three members of WAA council

The women's tciinls tournament. is will not us official judges for the
at. last in filll swing, with all the day.
first round niulchcs coniplctcd. All
first round games were to have bccn '
finished by Monday afternoon, and saphs Chanenge Jumo's
according to Josh: Simon, cliptuin The S,,|,m,m,,ru girls hm,“ up“)-
of tennis, this has been uccomplish- lunged HM, H11-1,,- of mu Jump"- chm,
0d. ' to a hockey gumc to bc llcld Sunday

The mi“ mun“ “my” "1'," “5 lit 2 o'clock on tho Dorm flcld.

   Lust your the Rivalry hockey game

' i‘ ' " ’ " l ' I~"- was u very close colill-sl, will) '45
gigliufl‘z‘li‘tkfo (Ilﬁfl‘n‘llfi’él 2”};  coining out (1111 top to thc tilllic‘of 3-1

‘ ~ ' I ',- ' n J ' u'c' u ircv oils {ll ic (‘l((‘( lll ll
defeated Callahan, 6-1, (Hi; Simon 14:19, I L n I
won by Cohen‘s default; Egcrion

WAA Net Tourney
Entering Second Round

 

boat Knapp, 0-1, 0-3: Shoup lost to
Giavelli, 6-2, 0-2; and Julio iii-filth-
walte won over Mary Bruithwultc,
6-4, 4-6, 6—4.

Only one match of the second
round is completed, and so Flo Gar-
fall is the only known contestant
for the third round, as a result of

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Onlarl'o of Benson Si.

 

 

her defeating Bohen, 6—2, 6-1.

 

by Hill. and Bittner
Double, Double
Tell and Trouble.
Sophomores burn and
Freshmen bubble!

Dubbed by the Dean, “Indigestible
Mouthfuls," the Frosh spirit has
been more than the Soph's diet can
take. From the first moment they
arrived, their class name has been
spelled with a small F. Their man-
acled spirit smoldered, as they
watched the Sophs entering the
front door of Draper, as they had
to suffer through that Sophomore
skit (1’) and Sophomoronic Sulli-
van's slurs shout out against them,
as they fumed at seeing rooms once.
ship-shape now a wreck. Now be-
cause they have trifled with fiery
spirits; the blaze which they have
kindled can never be extinguished.
Hockey is Answer

One way to show their exuberant
spirit is HOCKEY. At every hockey
practice you can see ten Freshmen
to one Sophomore. Are they so
good? Of course they have had
a year‘s practice and a representa-
tive at hockey camp. But where is
their organization, their team, their
SPIRIT? The Gremlins have all
this and Freshmen too! You can
see the go-gcttingness of their team
in Gloria Baker’s clusive passing
and nifty teamwork. Her leadership
has iivencd the Frosh. For seeing
Gloria in action is seeing the Soph-
omore's on their road to defeat.
Betty Margo has the long drives
and the ability to take over the
field in any position. What a sur-
prise to see the crafty wing, Anne
Mastrangelo, steal a “sure shot"
from under the Sophomore's nose
and go flying down to Shoupie's
territory. She can stop practically
every ball and every Soph. Center
Fran McCormick is their gal, Doris
Doran covers the backfield like a
“vet,” Lois Fillman, their speedy
inner will be among the many seen.

Some of them knew nothing of
bullying, corner shots, roll-ins or
even how to hold a hockey stick.
But they have learned! Practices
are showing more coordination and
players more speed and accuracy.
players more speed and accuracy.

Next Wednesday is THE day. The
Fresh have, to their credit, many
industrious practices~eSimdtlys as
well as week days. Can the Sophs
say the same?

Our goalie. Tillie Telian. a mor-
ale buildcr of the Green Gremlins,
is sure to be a demoralizer of the
Blue Devils.

Thrice the Gremlins Green have
tried. Thrice and once the Soph-
omores whined. Freshman cry:
'TIS TIME, "l‘IS TIME!

by Johnston and McGrath

The dauntiess Blue Devils, armed
with hockey sticks and sporting a
look of fierce determination, will
meet the Green Gremlins on the
hockey field—and disprove the
theory that green things burn slow-
lyil

Shoup, fresh from hockey camp
and “Slackle,” that demon of all
sports, will spearhead the offensive.

According to one of our undercover
men, the Blue Devils may have a
tough time in distinguishing their
opponents from the bright green
field between the Dorms.

Employing the usual Gremlin tac—
tics, the frosh have attempted to
undermine our defense by trying to
clear our own Burczak off the field.
Such refined sabotage has proved
unsuccessful so far. This is un-
fortunate for the frosh, since Bur-
czak is doing a bang-up job (and we
do mean that literally) in holding
the goal in the place of Mike Buc-
tow.

Strong Forwards

Up in the forward line, Shoup and
Slack, aided by Kendall, Maloy, and
Dunn will lead the Blue Devils in
their attack. This dynamic quin—
tet will be staunchly supported in
the backfield by Lulkowski. Saba-
tini, and Van Auken.

Seymour is in the line-up as full-
back, and if we judge her fighting
spirit by her exhibitions on the bas-
ket-ball court, she will prove to be
an invincible opponent.

In looking over the prospects of
the Soph team, we must not neglect
the obvious capabilities of the fresh

Undoubtedly, you have heard of
the phenomenal speed of those Green
Gremlins—now if they would only
direct their energy to such things
as coordination in their passwork,
they might get results”

Two of the proud bearers of the
Green flag will be McCormick and
O’Grady. It is too bad that such
good fighting Irish spirit will have
to be repressed, but remember they
are contending with Sophomores!

Flip Malloy ought to give Mas-
trangclo plenty of stiff competition.
Both of these girls seem to match
up fairly evcnly when it comes to
covering their side of the ficldw
Mastrangelo does her job as wing
very well, but superior intelligence
will be the decisive factor.

Who is that Gloria Baker, any—
how? Too bad the Frosh have to
have one good player—it makes it
hard for the rest of the team.

So come out, Freshmen, we’ll need
somebody to clean up the torn and
battered green bodies after ’46's
triumph! ! i !!

ave a Coca-Cola=Wclcome

When short-snortch (trans-ocean ilycrs) meet and compare
their autographed dollar bills, the invitation Hal/c a "Cake" is
fairly sure to follow. At home and abroad (loco-Colo has become

a symbol of those who see things in a friendly light.

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORIIY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY IV

ALBANY COCA-COLA liO’l‘TlllNG COMPANY

O

 

 

———Margo Byrne

We are constantly amused by the
little anecdotes iii regard to horse-
back riding, which drift in from
time to time.

There’s the one about the horse
who balked in the middle of a four
lane highway and refused to budge,
scaring the daylights out of its rid-

er and her companions who didn’t,

know whether to get off and push
or just attempt to lure it over to
the shoulder by remote control.

And then they tell about the time
Felen COll"’7l. with one foot flying
free from the stirrup and her horse
traveling at a fast trot, turned her
head to yell, “Am I posting, kids,
am I doing it right?” How she was
staying on at all, lnuch less worry-
ing about the technicalities, puzzled
her associates.

Mary Straub reports meeting a
likely looking group of men, who
were a little too eager to display
their equestrianship and challenged
the State College maidens to a race.
The gals sent them on their way but
fast.

But what we like best is the re-
mark made by the stable owner who
discovered his customers were from
this institution. “State College?”
Well, the next time you come I'll
send somebody along to teach you
how to ride.” Then he started look—
ing his nags over for evidences of
damage.

Open Tennis
Nears Completion

Next Monday afternoon Flo Gar—
full and Bob Ferber will meet on the
Washington Park courts to settle the
tennis championship of State Col-
lege.

In the semi-finals this week, Flo
Gal-fall triumphed over Josie Simon,
and Nora Giavelli was upset by Bob
Forber.

Last Sunday Gal-fall beat Simon in
straight sets, 7-5, 6-4. Simon put up
a courageous fight and it was only
Garfall’s powerful drives and ability
to cover the court that enabled her
to come out on top. The break came
in the eleventh game of the first
set. when Garfall broke through
Simon's service for the first time.

The other match went to three
sets, 6-0, 4-6, 6-3. Throughout the
whole match Giavelli was bothered
by Ferber's unorthodox style of play.
She recovered to take the second
set, but a rest between the second
and third sets seemed to cool her off.

ii if,

' 'I’A l‘
’l ' - 'i’

‘l
, /
i ,4 ~

\\
'l

it's natural for popular names lo
acquire friendly abbreviations. Tim's
/ wily you hear Coco-Cola called "Colic".



‘ f -thegobal
 high-sign

l9“ 'lba C-C Co.___

 

 .<1;sm‘ga_n;;w m‘nuhvl>A~T—il ..---—»——‘ I ~ »

 

.‘L‘redha

 

 

State College

LlBR A’RY

STA’l‘E COLLEGE FOR

AL NY” N. Yo

6W5

Tm

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 92, 1943

VOL. XXVI" NO. 6

 

Freshman Class

'47 First Class to Use
New Preierential Ballot

The class of ’47 will initiate three

new voting procedures when its-

members vote for their class offi-
cers on Monday at 3:30 in Room 20.
This year's freshmen class will be

the first to use the Preferential
Ballot in a class election. Another
innovation will be the one minute
speeches by all candidates for class
presidency, preceding election. The
third change concerns the time and
place of voting. Previously, class
elections were conducted all day in
the Commons. This year, the ballot-
ing is to be completed in approxi-
mately half an hour at the close
of Orientation meeting.

Nominations opened last Monday
and closed yesterday at 3:30 P.M..
approximately one-fourth of the
class being represented on the list.
The nominations are as follows:

President: Betty Jane Bittner,
John Coultcr, Miriam DeCormier,
Fred ancher, Margaret Palmatier,
George Poulos, Elsie Stockman,
Joseph Francello.

Vice-President: Harriet Abrams,
Jane Braithwaite, Lee Braun. Rose
Marie Brock, Julia Collier, Evelyn
Dorr, Gertrude Kasper, Patricia
Kearney, Ruth McCarthy, Irene Mc-
Cormick, R. Paul Kenrose, Marjorie
O’Grady. Gertrude Smith, Mary
Elizabeth Sullivan.

Secretary: Celena Axelrod, Alice
Becker, Sally Dunn, Frances Fegley,
Mary Hayes, Helen Honeycomb, Joan
Keenan, Eunice McGlynn. Carolyn
Michel, Catherine Quinn, Doris Ray-
mond, Dorothy Rider, Elaine Uff-
man.

Treasurer: Ann Callahan. Clyde
Cook, Rose Dcvine, Robert Dickin-

(Cmtlillltcd on Page 1,)

BAC Explains PreseniL Siaius

 

The focal point of the student
body’s queries, qualms. and conjec-
tures seems to have become that
august body known as the Board of
Audit and Control, formerly called
Finance Board.

The Board, advised by two faculty
members, Mr. George M. York and
Mr. Edward Cooper, is composed of
four Seniors and two Juniors. Its
purpose is to distribute the student
assessment ($12 per person) among
the various activities and to control

 

Forum Chooses
Bailey §peal<er

Jeanne Bailey, '44, is the new
Speaker for Forum, as a result of
the elections Wednesday in lower
Draper. Betty Hamilton, '46, was
elected to the office of Treasurer.

Miss Bailey will officially assume
hcr executive duties Wednesday,
when Forum holds its second meet-
ing of the year in Room 28 at 3:30.

At this time, members will have
the opportunity to sign up for the
various activities and committees
within the Forum organization,
some of which are Poster Making,
Stamp Booth, Panel DisCUSsions,
Movies, Book Reviews Soap Box,
Guest Speakers, and Refreshments.

The Forum Board has planned
variety programs for the ensuing
meetings. College "gripe sessions,”
information on Army insignia, per—
sonal appearances of WACs, and
attending the State Legislature con-
stitute but a few of the plans.

Those people who still wish to sign
up for Forum, as well as those who
have not yet paid their dues, will be
able to do so at the meeting Wed-
nesday.

the college budget. Ostensibly, these
duties are clear and well defined.
Why then the chaos, melee and gen-
eral disruption which have permeat-
ed the last two assemblies? What
is it all about?

Various members of the Student
Association have attacked the Board
on the ground that it has been in-
efficient and negligent. Mr. York,
defending the Board, stated that
"if it, (the Board) has been ineffi-
cient, then it has been so by being
too conservative, conservative to the
point of saving approximately $1500
of the Association's funds.” The sur-
plus as it “stands on tho. books" is
$2513.44, an unprecedented sum,
Against this, however, W( must con-
sider expenses already 0.1 the hori-
zon.

Last year‘s budget was $10,824.30.
To date we are $840 short of that
sum. Forty members of Student
Association have not paid their dues.
This means that assessments have
been collected from 836 students,
amounting to $9,984. The total
amount of expenditure this year is
$1190.

Large Surplus

Some of this amount has been
accumulated in the following man—
ner: Drapes, $100; $50 more alloted
to the original budget for the Fresh-
man. Handbook: and refunds for
students who have left since the
beginning of the semester. There-
fore, of our standing surplus, the
unmortgagcd surplus becomes
$1,323.44. This accruement is greater
than anticipated because several
organizations did not use their full
allotment. Five hilvirlrr'l dollars
was returned from the $1800 estab-
lished for the budget of the Peda-
goguc, and $533.40 from the Infirm-
ary Fund. But, Mr. York hastens
to point out, “If these sums had

(Conliimcd on Page /,)

War Activities Registration
To VoEMonday Oi Siudeni Association’s Funds Falls Short of Former years

by Betty LaFaro—-—-

 

Dean Warns Againsi Cuts

Correcting what he has termed
“wishful thinking," Dr. Milton G.
N elson, Dean of the College, issues
the following statement: “Certain
upperclass students are hereby
reminded that any student who
is absent from a class in excess
of the number of the semester
hours carried by that subject is
considered to be delinquent in
attendance. This maximum num-
ber of absences includes absences
for AM. reasons whatsoever, both
excused and unexcused.

"This means that a person who
has been so unfortunate as to
have any illness cannot expect to
absent himself voluntarily from
classes. It seems that the person
who has gone through the most
of the semester without any ab-
sence whatsoever is justified in
asking for special excuses in order
to accomplish some personal pur-
pose."

 

 

 

SCA Will Sponsor
Service October 31

Student Christian Association will
hold its traditional State College
Sunday service in the First Presby-
terian Church on State and Willett
Streets next Sunday, October 31, at
11:00 A.M.

Doctor Howard Lane Rubendall,
pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church will delivei the morning ad-

ress.

Eunice Baird, '44, President, and
Dr. John M. Sayles, President of the
College, will speak. The SCA choir
will also participate.

 

l[QueeerP—at" Dons Royal Robes to Lead Campus Day Processional

by Virginia Efflcry
"Mirror, mirror, mi. Hie wall,
Who is fairest. of [ham all?”

Everyone had his own opinion,
but what about the student body as
a whole? Days of suspense dragucd
by, and then Campus Night. appeared
with ull its stored-up anxiety.

The auditorium was packed.
Rumors of who was to be "Cliinpils
Qllccn” sprclul. Handkerchiefs wcrc
twisted, licwly pliintcd nulls \vcrc
pcclcd. 'l‘lic nudiciicc tricd to sit.
still.

Then, as llic iiglils diliilncd, Kl!
Kciidull and Peggy Cliscy, Sopho-
niorc pugcs, sounded ilic irumpcls.
’l‘lic doors of Page opcncd widc and
the new Campus Quccn, clad in
wliiic satin, iiillflc licr urlliid cli-
li'lllif'c. Pill llllllllll‘l'. wiili licr
"bcnllly, bruins, llllii brown" was
lcliililig ilic l’l'ol'cssloll.

Cllcl'rs‘.’ ’l‘llc lmll shook willi llll'
spoilliliicous I'illll' of 1|])|)l’ll\'lll. Smil-
lllg. Qilccll l’llli'lcin upprozlclicll llll'
slngc \\’ill‘|'i' Hill‘s Qlll'i'll “llllff”
ilVlill'lllll l)ull\ Lollilinl :lllcndcd by
07.7.11“ Sl'i'ubillli llllll l\'ii lli‘l'illllilll
l‘i'llllth‘ll llll' crown from lli'l' own
(llll'li llllii' null [llllf't'll ll on l’;li‘s
lll‘llll. 'I‘lic brcnlIl-lzllillig lllUllll'lll
of i'l'linlllll', pushed. and initial
ilu- ll])|illlll.\l', "llci' l\/lnlc:.i,\" :llul
llllcllllullln, 'l‘i'l-cc Aill'y. Mildrml
VVll'llhlliil. lloi'olln-u Hillilll, Nlliu'y
|i:l||. iivlicvicyc Still-s. Mlll'ic Hl'llll-
llcr, llcgiiill Hi'lllll'l‘k illlil l‘illllll'l‘
McGlynn. sclllcd llil~llisclyl>s oil llll'
slugc. licrc lln- (Qilccll illl(l lli‘l'
(loul'l rclnllillcd during illl‘ l'l‘hl of
“11' proul'nm

Wlnll Ilcxl'l' 'l‘lil' Hopli illlfl l“l'i).‘ill
skils, pcr llsllul. 'l‘llc l“l'ilSll did illcir
bcsl lll trying lo will by HllUt‘l' lung
powcr bill llu- "liluc Devils" walked
away with “11' first. 1': rivnlry
points.

Bill. that is lloi ull iliut lulppcncd
Clunpus Day, for lit the eventful
liour of 12:30 PM. the "Gruesome
Grcclls" mid the “Blithe illucs"~~u

/(7'ollrlcs‘l/ 'I‘lmcs- lll'ollJ

'l‘llc lillil (‘iiliipus Qlll‘t'll, l'uiriclu Luiiincr. surrounded by “(T court, lloli lloy, pligo boy, and
Ilcl'i to right) Ill-glliu Sclincck, lilllrlc Sciifldcr, Nulicy llalll, ’l‘rl-cc Ancy, Mildred eroslofi’, lloroilicu
Smilli, (iciicril-vc Hiilcs and Eunice. McGlynn.

scorching looll ill illi‘ll' cycs wcrc
sccn flushing from building to build-
ing and splashing urollnd illc muddy
clllllpils. ’l‘lic buliilcr lilini wus lli
fill] swing and many a bruising
bruwl i‘ollowud. '

Frosh trouble begun to bubble
when keen-eyed Peggy )uscy un—

('()\'l'l'i‘(l llic sccl'ci hiding plucc of
llic '47 bunncrwihc inside of a
gym inut.

'l‘in'inoil boilcd us the "Blue
Devils," clinging to lhc grccii cloth,
rushed from Page Hull right into
the arms of the gruesome, black and
blue-some, Gremlins.

Wlicli lilysklihin monibcrs saw
that “gi'cuii” .Ioilesic was being
illuin sicppcd on, they “put their
foot in" and the '47 bunncr came
into their possession. It will be lild~
again in tho near future.

Down-troddcn and down-hearted,

(Confirmed (in Page 1,)

Two-Thirds oi Student
Body Fail to Sign Up

With World War II entering its
third year, only 336 students of State
College have registered for war work,
representing approxmately one-
third of the entire student body. As
compared with 531 registered in the
past year and 539 the year before,
the enrollment has dropped con-
siderably.

The class of ’47 led in the registra-
tion with a total of 125. Ninety-four
students from the class of ’46, 69
juniors, and 4'7 seniors completed
the list.

Volunteers for 20 Activities

Of the 20 activities offered, Typing
and the Stamp Booth received the
most entrants with totals of 121 and
102 respectively. Various college
clubs and organizatons have also
donated their services to the Stamp
Booth.

Eighty-four potential blood donors
signed up last week. Georgia Har-
desty, ‘44, Chairman of the Blood
Bank, said that release slips have
been issued to registrants under 21.
Any student who has not received
a release may contact her. Miss
Hardesty emphasizes that November
4 is students' day at the Blood Bank
and that volunteers are needed to
complete the quota of 100 set for
State.

other courses and services with
their registration figures are as fol-
lows: Knitting, 95; Surgical Dress-
ings, 85: Blood Donors. 84; Office
Work, 7'7; Elementary First Aid. '72;
Nilrses’ Assistant, 46: Nursery School
Assistant, 36; Sewing, 31; Poster
Making, 24; Home Nursing Training,
21; Advanced First Aid, 21; Nurses'
Aide Training, 12; War Records, 12:
Dramatics, 6; Writing, 5; Salvage, 2;
and Rationing, 1.

Faculty Membership Increased

President Sayles has appointed
two additional faculty members to
War Activities Council: Dr. Harvey
M. Rice, Professor of History, and
Dr. Mary G. Goggln, Instructor in
Latin. Other faculty advisers are
Dr. E. C. Stokes. Dean of Women, Dr.
M. 13. Scotland, Assistant Professor
of Social Studies, and Dr. L. C. Jones.
Assistant Professor of English.

Next week will be the last oppor-
tuiilty for students to enroll in some
activity. With 20 varied courses
offered, there is a place for every
college student to volunteer his scr-
vlccs. Final registration will be in
the Office of the Dean of Women,
first floor Drupcr.

SEB Requests
’44 Registration

Miss llol'is l\'clly, build of tho
Siudcnl lilinploymcnl llurclui, rc-
(‘lucsls llull Scnlors illid grilduuio
sludcnls wllo lllli'i‘ not yet registered
ulld wiin lo, do :u) inilncdiulcly.
()llicrwisc. Ilic burl-nu will not bc
nblc lo lissisl llil‘lll in obtaining u
(curbing posilioli.

'l‘iici'c is u rcgisiruilon ice of five
dollars plus un nddllioiull fcc of
lln‘cc dollui's for nil incxpci'iciiccd
lclu'licrs lliul. is. Scnlors.

l‘ii'l‘i'i' rcglsirllllon. ()lli‘t‘ illilt‘t‘fl in
llic filcs of Slildclii l‘illllllilj'lllt‘llb
ilnrcuu, is pcriniincnl. llnd ilic rcgis-
lruiil. lnliy rclurn iii any limc to
sccurc ussisluncc in obtaining it
position.

Miss Kclly stated (but, although
most of ilic Scnlors luivc ulrcudy
rogisicrcd with the bill‘t‘llll, llicrc
are still scvcrul who liuvc failed to
do so. The required folders may be
obtained in the Sliident Employment
Office in Milne. Seniors are urged
to complete and return these folders
as soon as possible since they must
11111 bc iii before Thanksgiving vacav
' on.

 

 

