 

 

5 STATE COLLEGE NEWS
I Established May 1916 ‘
By the Class of 1918

 

September 24,1943 No. 2

Member Dist rlbul or
Associated (‘olii-gintc l'rcss Collcgliilc Digest
The lllllI(‘I'vl:l'lllIllllI(‘ newspaper of the New York Slillc (‘ollcgo for 'I‘i'i‘Il'lll‘l‘H:
published every Friday ol’ the l‘ollcgo year by the NEWS Board for tho Mudcnl
Association. Phones: Office. .‘i-llIiTii; liaxlcr. ‘.!-.'n'i~l.'i: Slcngcl. H-ﬂh’li-i: l’ickcrl.

2-2752.

Vol. xxvm

IIPNIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV
National Advertising Semce. Inc.
College Publisher: Repreuntative

420 MADISON AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcuo - nonou - Lou AIIILII - so: Funcisco

The News Board

MARY B. STENGEL . - . . .
JANET K. BAXTER - - - .

JANE PICKERT ~ -
LILLIAN GROSS - ' '

BERTRAM KILEY - - '

SUNNA COOPER - ' ' '
JANE HEATH ' '
DOROTHY MEYERS

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

- SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

.\ll communicaiions should he :iildrcsscd lo ilu- odiior and moo i... sluu'i'l.‘

\':Ili|i-~' Will be withheld upon request. 'I'hc S'l'.\'|‘l') l‘lil.l.l-I(ll-! .\'l-l\\'.\‘ :issmncs
no responsibiihv for opinions l-xiircsscd in its I'n.lllllll< .o- “nonnmmni...“
such l-pr-cssions do not necessarily rcliccl its \'li'\\'.

Once More

'Wc haven't read anything

ulish asiginnents. The comic sheet
lcharactcrs have taken to moraliz-

BEFORE
'THE
HOUSE

By Betty Gravelle

“The vote is a medium of ex-
pressing one's opinion." says the
indisputable Webster. And the
proposed change in Amendment II
to our constitution will insure the
expression of a greater part of
State's opinion. Votes and re-votes
will be taken care of in one blow—
no more waste of shoe leather day
after day with elections still unde-
cided—no more wondering whether
“Voting in the Commons today”
means yesterday. today. or tomor-
row—no more loss of interest after
the ﬁrst clash of battle dies and
only the scrimmage of revotes re-
mains. The preference vote insures
a decision on the first and only
ballot.

In former elections. a candidate.

 

"g.  fourth time.

U I“ N} u. ‘ lEbgt’suﬁrage-‘rather than by a part
"9 "mslmpu 19‘“ mes am “=" which has a good memory or can

I
i

chosen after 3 or 4 rcvotes. was in

reality selected by the. minority of.
lusually his bosom palsi'
.who still remembered to vote the‘
Now a candidate willl aLthding zealously to her job as Mrs. Lt. Willaiin Ogden.

students

be chosen by the greater part of the
student body—0r at least the part
which wishes to use its privilege of

interpret the chance signs. an-
nouncing the time of voting. Fur-

Much has been said concerningiing about buying war bonds \vhilewhmmore‘ [he one “action (Im, on

the general apathy and lack oflthc clothing stores insert little stig-
“school Spirit" at State. But little l gtstiohs to “Lend your money while
or nothing has been done about it. the Allied ﬁghters give their lives"

The few who are genuinely intcr- in their ads.

l
l
l
l

But we haven't had]

the calendar am now undoubtedly
be lengthened to allow all the stu-
dents. dcsirous of voting. to do so.

Of course. the outstanding dis-

ested in making Slate DI‘OUCI Of llSL‘lf Lillie l0 505‘ “1050 pages or the advantage of [hp new Voting 5575-

cannot carry the burden alone. Such 1. paper.

an enterprise requires cooperation Albany is our home for
and wholehearted participation in ten months 01- the yea...
student government and college ac-
tivities in addition to conscientious
scholastic effort.
able to urge each State College stu- ‘ ply or bus service. NOW we have
dent to take full advantage of all'
opportunities during the four years
he spends here? If we hope to be—
come teachers—~good teachers—we

its theatres.

 

Albany's
haven't much time nor interest.

 

almost I ing counted.
We uscllot. requiring closer attention. willi
its parks. walk its strchs. [Hitl'Onichtake longer to be tabulated; and  with Gerber. (iuarino. Kcnsky, Bernhard. (lrccnbcrg and Carl Mitchell

N01. are we excluded.lhomuuh ,.p_,.y,,.ci.;pm is more than The l‘cllcws say that college never was and never will be as tough
Is it so unreason— ‘ from utilizing the city‘s water sup- ever

an opportunity to join in one of.he no
civic prOjects. and welpcriod of time between voting and ‘
re-voting to renew his campaign- . the iclloivs can stay together.

tem appears when the votes are be-
The preference bal-

ncccssary. And the ardent
politician will be at a loss when
longer has

Our city  sponsoring a drive to 3 ing and make a few more converts.
will not accomplish our aim merely build a cruiser. the crutser Albany. i Another dissenter to the preference . the State contingent at Seymour Johnson Field. North Carolina.

that valuable. Doulcy. Graham

STATE .COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1943

 

and]

By mm MARSH

 

 

WE SALUTE —

Since D. V. Smith left, State has been minus one handsome gent.
and one darn sweet Serviceman’s Nurse Maid. Louie Jones. who can
qualify in at least two of these respects, is planning to take over the
task of writing the monthly letters to the boys. His fan mail is terriﬁc
and the boys are really as anxious as old mods to get the latest gOSslp.
It ain't no easy task to combine that with all the other war activities
pies he has his ﬁnger in. We salute you, Dr. Jones . . . for meritorious
servtce.

WHERE 0’ WHERE -— THE GAY YOUNG TEACHERS

Varley Lang Just has that knack. We cant figure out whether it's
his brains or just his fatal personality. Anyway he’s not complaining
about being a private. He gambols about gleefully with hours that
would make an executive scream with delight and he has a little nest
with his wife at his side. Since Dr. Lang has long been known for
his brilliance in the ﬁeld of math, he has been placed in the position
of paymaster at Marshall Medical College in Philadelphia . . . Varley
need it again.

On the other hand. there‘s people like Dr. Baker. He gets a job
teaching illiterates at Pine Camp. it’s too bad he had so much practice
at that sort of thing. we have come to the conclusion that if you
are a college protessoi'. it is best to say. firmly. to Army authorities.
“No spik-a. no read-a. 21 ca Inglis." . . .

Other faculty members gone are Sisk. who is at Johns Hopkins and
Ricnow and Bulgcr. who. as tar as we know. are still at Upton.

REUNION OF '43

Three of the Big Four. Mac. Sonic and Leggeit. arrived last weekend
to welcome The Little Dictator. The fourth. to wit. M. Scoveil, was
They are
planning a big reunion of the class of ‘43 in November. Weather and
war pcrnntting. they hope to have a goodly sl‘iowing of "females fatales"
and their servicemen . . .

(l. l. JABBEB

A letter from Big Ben liccd states that he and Pvts. Paul O'IA-ary,
Flank Hansen and Bill 'l‘uckcr are all in the Marine Detachment. in
Dartmouth. in October they will be shipped to Parris Island. All of
them are looking forward to a weekend at State soon . . .

Bob Wliiic is at Western Maryland College under ASTP. He is
supposed to hatch out an engineer. bill he doubts it . . . Bay McNamara
is also studying engineering at William and Mary. He‘s been shifted
a lot but he llL‘i'Li‘ manages to get out of the State of Virginia.

. A/C Harry Bora. at University of Tampa. recently had his wife down
{for a visit . . . Some fellows have all the luck , . .
State is well represented at Columbia Midshipman's School.

 

What

las that . . .

Some people jtist can‘t stay away froth State College like. for instance.
Duncan. “le Beach and Joe Harder. who are all at
North Carolina State College . . . It seems swell to us that so many of
. Makes for nice beefing sessions.

And former News Managing Editor. A/C Harry l’assow relays llOWS of
N.Y.S.

by concentrating upon one aspectiWe're going to build it with wariballot is the student whose second C.T.'s representatives include Bob Wcssclman. Van Schultz. lra Hirsch
.vote depends upon the candidates Brooks Roberts. Grant ilermans and Hank ltuback. V

Bonds! On our
Albany can

; bonds.
. Well,

budget?

of College.
perhaps

Some of us apparently are too lazy
and indifferent to take an active iii—
terest in anything which does not;
revolve in our own small personalifew Stamps-
worlds. Last Friday’s assembly
bore out this point. An important
resolution was introduced—a reso— .
lution which. if passed. will rcviselOI
our voting system completely. The
proposal was revolutionary and in-

tricate, yet only two members of the
Student Association questioned any  

imcd‘iately?
twenty cents?

 

aspect of the resolution. The sug-
gested amendment was not so flaw-  - r w
less and understandable as to leave Last year the News editorially
absolutely no question in anyone's asked the question. “What can be
mind. Other more minor proposals done about the Annex and Cafeteria
have perpretated more argument situation?" In answer to their

l

than this one. and even then the question Myslmnia formed a com-l

student body was considered apa- mittee to investigate the matter.
thetic. The State-minded individ-

uals of that time never dreamed that President of the College. were held

conferences with Dr. John M. Sayles. .

school spirit could sink much lower. in an effort to lower prices on milk

The indifference of the poorly at- .
tended assembly last Friday 15 only congestion in the Annex area at
one aspect of the case against the “00” weekly W9 WCI'C Promised
student body. This same attitude that a committee was investigating
is reﬂected in every college mm.._ the matter thoroughly. statements
mist Unless we shake ourselves Were issued from the group and
from our present lethargy. 5mm Wm from Miss Laura Thompson. Man-
comc to mean little or nothing to “9””; Yet. the your wore on and
most of us. The “me to 2ch is now. : nothing seemed to be accomplished.
The “ammo..thle serve,” an ex_ We went home in June and still
ample to the“. more hardened up_ lsccmlngly nothing was done.
pcrclassmcn. They have not been; When we returned this September
in State long enough to adopt a set . We found a rejuvenated Cafeteria
attitude of al()0fness_ tsystcm. The most noticeable change

The interested minority lg ill-.was the rcdccorution. We found a
tempting a campaiin to revive the larger lunch room, new tables and
oft discussed "school spirit” at State. chairs. a new floor. when we visited

 

 

Their plans can be extremely satis- it at noon we found a new and va-‘

fying' but not without 1m- bucklngil'lud menu. But the most far-reach-
of the entire student body. This int,r reform has been the clearance
tlmc let's go beyond the discussing .Ui ll": CODKOHUOH WhiCli SO 0111’“ 111
phase. Let's (to something about it. innit i’i‘ul‘s hits discouraged Silldclllh

. . . from ruling in the Annex or Calc-
icria. A milk bar has taken tho
place of the chi Anncx. The larger
Cafeteria facilities now ollcr an ad“-
qnalc callng place where sludcnts

Back the Attack

Lops m-guu it out, 5m“, Colleguzmay lunch Without having to push

We have personal budgets to implthrough crowds. The price of milk
ant-(3’ and {Ln/(5r ()ur thrifty sulnlncrll-ﬁ HOW SUI. ill. fl (ifililh. it I‘IffIlICIlUll
of easily managed accounts, the fall “‘01” “1-51 War. This rerouting of
budget is a little confusing
very startling. Books, ltim;li(gg,.tlr:iits has given greater frccdom to
room rent, clothes all of them filetatc students.
Ul’ “"9 CXI’L‘HdIUU‘“ “OlUHHI- W“! State has finally solvcd a problem
grumble and become i‘cSiilnud L0 “10 which has bccn lcft suspended in
fact that September is thc month mid-air for some time. To Dr.
101‘ SIJ‘flldlng- Saving? Can't thin}! Stiylcs. the. Cafeteria staff, Miss
EDOUt that “OW- Shorday and Mr. Baker. the en-
Frcsl'iman and upperclassman glnccr, We would like to offer our
orientation takes up all our time. congratulations.

 

and sandwiches and alleviate the?

l
i
l
l

ll‘ollcgc l)|‘4‘llt-~ll':| on list oppusilc mail

l

' paintieliminated on the
jthe cruiser wrth war stamps. ahdlwho changes his mind after thelMcdical Center. Washington. D. C.
on our budget we can manage aiﬁrst vote.

Haven't we time to reconstructlagmnst the new voting system _
and “man the Stamp lJOOth im'.technically the old and the new
Haven't “'0 ten cen“Sisyslem are equal in fairness to all
‘ _ _ , l‘ candidates.
Lets argue it out. State Collesehlme a voice in selecting the offi-
lcers of our government. it is not
line fault of the voting

Arguments arise bolh for and

If too few students

system.
What voting system can be suc-
cessful. if we. the executors of the
system. are not interested enough
to take advantage of it?

Weekly Bulletin

 

first ballot—or '

But Ira Freedman appears to be holding the fort alone at the Army
|  . .
glul (lEl‘lnltA

It ain't only the Army that travels on its stomach . .
the new caleteria's food? It ain't bad . . .

Wad 4431114

By RHONA RYAN

This week “War Fronts" will concern itself with one of the fronts
that receives the most attention and yet is the most ignored. That
paradoxical front is what we call the “home front." In State. we are
all members of that front. Some of us may be somewhat surprised
to think about it—wc all forget. we civilians. that we're ﬁghting this
war too. The var is pretty far away from us here. What do we know
about the continual wet and imid of the Aleutiahs. except from hearsay,

. Have you tasted

 

 

 

 

('.\ I" I'l'I‘ I6“ I.\

.N‘liiiicliis inln-rcsicd in Working |I:|i'i
lime in the ('nl'I-lcria should gut in
Ioiich \\'l|l| \liss \llllll‘i'll Shorduj‘ :ll
licr nl‘l‘icc ol'l lhc main dining room of
[he l'al'clt-ria imIm-diuicly.

('IIIHII‘S 

Sliidcnls .‘ll'i' :islw-l lo ~ign up for
Hlali- l‘oII.-;.’c I‘lilll‘lh on llsl llplllh‘lll'l
.\'u-\v- Ull'icc loilny.

UIU‘III‘IH'I'II.‘

llnsnlihd Ginsburg asks :Iiijoih- in

Icrcsicd lo siin ll|I i'nl‘ llic Slnlc‘

boxes today.
I'ZX'I'I'IVHIUN ('UI'IKHI‘IS
Saturday in lln-

l-xlcnsion

l'lllll'M'.‘

lprogrom will begin Si-picmlo-r '_'.‘». iii

anddlll: lunch hours of the Mllnc siii-.

\Jlll .\ .\I,
l"l‘liili

Sloth-uh intercshvd in purl iioo- on.
ploynn-nl may l'i-L'l‘li-l' in Ihc lil‘l'icc‘,

what do we know about the geography of Italy. except from some dimly
remembered facts from grade school? So. we may be excused for for-
getting the war except for brief glances at the headlines. and some
gleanings from the radio commentators. for days at a time. Yes. we

iarc members of the home front. but rather haphazard members.

Von Hindcnburg. when he was an old and tired man. said that the

:most important factor in the defeat of Germany in World War I was

American industry. But here at State. except in vacations. We can't
becomc'part of what is called the “Arsenal of Democracy." We. can’t
except in a few instances. do civilian defense work. We can‘t dcvotrI
long hours to plane spotting. we can't even do those humble tasks of the
kitchen—like saving waste fats. and conserving food. and wrestling with
the point system. We‘re in that nebulous group known as “students”
We're supposed to implement ourselves with knowledge. and then go
out to share that knowledge with others. We're supposed to be examples
of golod cirtizcitiiship. gold an inspiration to the young. Just preparing
onrsc ves or 1c jo of teacliin'  - ' i ' ' ‘I I ' 3
(m the mnnC-fmml g is ()lll. ol tlu. most lmpmtaht jobs

Ill: iii-.lil or Wimp-Ii.  Bill. human nature bring what it is, We can’t live for twenty-four

s.” MN]. “Ln-g. ‘ hours a day iii an aura of noble consecration to our l’ulurc tasks, Beside,

.\l| sillilcnln who plan to room-s1
loans lr-vm llll' colh-gc Ihls _\I':ll' .irc
.i~l.cd to m;in llll'll‘ noun-sh llhowu
on or lorl'orl- Scplcinlu-i' Sill. I‘\ll|
Ibongh Ihu-i may not Ina-d the loan»
lililil l.|Il'I' ill the I\I‘lil' I'll'.l‘~l' o.- \ll\~
\\‘.i||;ii‘I-. lloohi Ii. IIli'llill'ilNIll
IHI'JII INN)“ I'IXI‘IIANUI'Z

\londay. Hcpl ‘..'7. is lhc lnsl d.i_\ lin-
o—cd iwol. c\'<-h.iogc will lu- il|il'll Hill

Ilunl~ ubo ll.l\I‘ Icl'l loo-in In Ill' sold
||llllllI twin. to I’lllill lllill' ll-mh- oi
llIlIIII\

\lH I\l. I\I.|'1\II\II

Sip! '..'l .innior lil‘ulillliii It. ire-ll
limit. I'.|;_‘i' I all 'Iillllillllllll N l3. 1’ \l

m-pi Jl l..t.r.l. l'ii'i-Iilluii ll. irmh
non

Scpl 1.; l'r. liIIIil . I'|'l'1]l|lilil lo
ll‘v'llillli‘il. lhpl. liooih. I‘lI'I'l'I' III”.
a on i' .\l

Srpl ‘_'-'- liilcl'li'nlu-i'iiil) Smol‘i'l‘ loi'
loco Lounge ‘.i no l'\i

Scpl '_'\ SI'\ 'I‘ori'hlluhl Hl-i‘i'o'l-

ih'aiii-s ||.ill. (iii-cl. 'l‘lh-alri- '1 Iili |'\l

 

l

Hi-pl 3b lllllcl Sol-lily tum-ling.
l'larc Io hc announced on iilllcl builc
llll board

Ui'l i Soplioihoi'i- rcccplioli lo fl'i-sli
inch, i'agc llall audilorium. h lili l'.\i.

;a ccrlain scnsc of lniinor prcvcnts most of us from taking ourselves

that seriously. All of which adds up lo the llioug’hl stated before M
llilll‘Wl‘ all lorgcl. the war. and lbc fact ilial. Well here in State we're
playing what is supposed to bc an important part. Let‘s not forget
that cvcn in the accelerated program oi Army and Navy training time
is being taken for study in the libcrul arts licld. ’l‘licrc's still‘rooni
lor the inlcllccl. in a world at war. I. I

lint. in that time liial human hulurc dictnlcs wc lakc from our studies
and . . . cr . . . "ihlcllccluul pumiiils.” what arc \vc doing then" Surely
we can lorch llic war, liccuusc ivc'd probably go crazy if we dit‘n'l
bul can We lorgcl the boys who have gonc lrom Hialc inlo lhc scrvkl'cs;
it we can't grasp lhc llilllll‘llhllli'h‘ oi the global war that is now lit-iii"
loughi. Wc most ccriainly can grasp the fact lliut our boys want lctlcrs
and packages. and some part of our lhoughls. and. yes, some ii‘ll'l 
om‘ prayers, it s cosy lo gcl ovcr—cmolionul about “our bovs " but ‘bctlcr
to bc ovcr-cmoltonal than chcr think aboul lhcm at all‘ . I I I
‘ la-l‘s not iigurc lhal. wcll. llu-y gcl Ihc Nicws. so whv'rcpcul all the
inews in lcllcrs'Alﬁvrn llll' News can't cover all Ibo lilllc lhings lluil
happen amusing. ridiculous. and scrious. 'l‘lic Nicwn can't gcl lli‘il
lpm‘solllll acct-pl. into a story oi what happciicd in Assembly or wl‘l
llucully mcmbcr pulled a “hold soft." We have to do llial ourselves uil
our letters. And llic Nihvs can’t. bukc rookics. or i l'lhcrc isn’l hull/1
ibut'tcr. sciid candy and books. In lillli'l‘ words, the Nicws can‘t be YOU

So lets not just say "we miss 'cm." i.cl's show lhcm all just how
1much We miss them. Let's make that our home-front this year c'?
i If we do forget the war. at least let’s not forget "the gilt/5.". Ameny h

“that’s the siren that announces the

 

Class of T944 Invades Milne
Practice Teachers Hit Waterloo

 

Alas! The Class of ’44 has begun
its last mile on the road toward
less illiteracy and order (1’) .

What’s that? The dinner bell?

“No.” says a suffering Senior.

 

practice teachers’ from
Milne.”

Here comes "Mr Erbstein" and
“Miss Schoen!" Wonder what woe-
ful tales of (inicxperience they have
to tell.

Hey, Dulclly. how were your eigh-
th graders (odd 1/?

“Gee! They're really swell. but
they’re so little!

“How about your kids Honey?"

“Well. I haven't murdered any yet
but something's bound to happen
during those three minutes between
classes. I'm trying to keep up with
them. They're kind of smart though.
I can usually keep a few steps ahead
of them but the other day I found
myself on the other side of the
fence."

()1). licllo (.‘larlry.

“I'll have none of that.

escape

 

M I SH

y Kadlsh and Stiles

 

Clark to you. I’m so exhausted.
Anybody got a cigarette."

Get a load of Kay Smith.

I—Icy, Kay. how was your first ses-
ximll’

“Are you kidding? To start with
I had to break up a jam session in
the back of the room. There wasn't
even enough seats to go around and
they were sitting all over the floor!"

“Russ” Bailey must like (caching.
She actually looks hame

"I never even looked at my watch
during the whole period The bell
caught me by surprise. Can you
beat that?”

Can [his be Rita Daley tripping
gal/ll; down the hall after a first
(‘luss of Millie."

“Hello. kids. I'm so awfully tired
of hearing practice teachers say
they like it . . I'm sorry. I love it!"

As usual, lhcrcis “Cash” in [he
Annca'. How ym‘x if. “Cash!”

“My kids are so blasc and soph-i
islicatcd for tenth graders. The boys‘
are the angels. \Vondcr how Baird's
lesson plans are. coming along. ’l‘hal ’.
reminds the lesson plans!!!‘.".’? . . . ‘

 

 

Sensemann

lCou/iiiarvl lrom Pug/r I/ l
licving firmly in the glory of an-
cient (.il't‘l‘(‘(‘. In the true vein of‘
an idealistic race. the Greeks are.
“strong in the arts and cultural
subjects but weak in lcaclmical and
scientific mailers.“ This was ap-
parent not only in college classes.
bill on the slrccls. There is very
litllc manufacture by machinery.
nrlir'll's such as furniture and simple
farm nnplcnichis being made by
hand.

Mr. Schscmann‘s stay in Greece.
was shortened. not by his \vnndcr-
lust this timc. bill because of a‘
month of 'round-tlie-clock pound-
ing by Hitler‘s Luftwaffe. On his‘
way to Turkey. his train was.
bombed near the Bulgarian border.
but he was not injured.

His next position was at Robert
College, Istanbul. which has the
best engineering school in the Near
East. He was highly pleased with
Turkey. country and people. He
said. “There one doesn‘t feel as if
he is among foreigners. and. he
addcd. grinning broadly. “they even
st'll American hot dogs."

It was on the way back to the.
United States in the fall of 1941
that Mr. Scnscmann stopped off in
Japan for a short visit. After try-
ing unsucccssl'ully for several weeks
to arrange for passage home. he
discovered. via an Englishman.
that that was the Japanese method
of holding hostages. The American
counsul at Tokyo could do nothing
for him because of the strained
diplomatic relations of the two
countries. At the same time the
exchange of foreign money was
frozen. and in order to live. he had.
to deal in the alleys with illegall
money changers. ,

Finally his visa expired. and Mr.
Scnscmann refused to pay for its.
renewal. After several more weeks‘
of hot arguments with the military
authorities. he 'as “deported” from
Japan on lhc old freighter. quar-
tered in the hold with fifty Japan-
ese passengers. This was live works
bcl'orc Pearl Harbor.

And docs he want to continue his
wanderings around the globe when
the war is ovcr? You bet!

Newman Club Sponsors
Annual Tea for Frosli

Newman (‘lnb is sponsoring a ten
for lhc l'rcshmcn on Sunday. at.
NcWhmn Hall. from .'i l’.M. to h l’.M.

This is on annual cvcnl. and prw
vidcs a good opportunity for lhc
freshmen lo get acquainted willi
each other as \chI as nppcrclusshicn.
in ('lmrgc ol coininillccs is Margaret
llyi'hc. '-l-i lll churgc ol Arrange—
ments is l‘lllllllll'lll J Ml'(li'l|lli. "lo;
ltcrcplion. lloi'ollicu Hmilh. "lb.
Food. [\Hlll‘h I"ll'/.|iull‘il'l(. no. in
Mary (ioggin. lnslruclor lli Lulin.
and Miss liullon. liouscmollicr of

Ncwmmi Hall. will pour. .

l

Margucrilc lioslwrck. '45. I’rcsi-l

dcnl, says. "We hope to have a good?

showing. and we promise cvcryoncl
..

it good liinc. /l

:lu lll‘>l 1‘Illlll'l‘.

iResolution

'I'hc following is the new voting
procedure as proposed by Myskania

and introduced in last Friday's As-
. scmbly.

II.\I.I.0'I'
I. 'l'lp~ ballol shall Io- ~l:llll|ii'll on Ihc
back with :I lll~lllil'll\i' \lysllanln sn-nll

and will not lu' official lllllll so
stamp-id.

"J The ballot shall conlain :I list oil
oil 1‘:|iiillll:|lii.~ l'oi‘ .‘lll ol'l'icps Io lat |ill4-I|

:il the |'ll'l'll||ll. ‘
Ii Toll-rs \llall lo- insli'ucll-ll: l
\'<- l liliposlli' lli'~l i'liiili'i'l
\'o_ '_1 IIIIIHI<IIH ~i'lillill 1l|lllll‘.
\... :'. (ippmhc llIll'I[ choice. i-li'. .
1‘()l\'I'IV(i III" II.\I.I.U'I'." l
l. l'onnl Iolnl number of volt-s I‘:l\l.l
__'. (ll-l quota:
:l. Vlliillwl' oi' volt-s l':|\l ill\llll'lI I|.\'l
lllllillIi-I' to bc I'll‘l'll'll pluc onc. i
b. l"nl'llllll.l 
IlII. ol‘ \‘olcs wile Ito. in in cch i
"d: cillml l quolo
I‘- l.:i.\ oul \lill‘< in piics according

 

l II‘ .Iiiyonc has ilp- quota. III' isl
a ll lIIIl. lzlln' \llli'." of [Mo iii-I'Mill
ll.'|\ll|;." llII' lcusl ilrsl choiccs on his
bollols as you did with [he lirsl. 'I‘hcn
ilu- oiu- or Ulll'.\ with the highcs‘ lilllll
bl-r of it.in louola or more! will be‘
ch-cIod. ll' >llll no illll' has Illllllll lulu-
lhc |H'l‘<oli \viih ihc lnivcsl numberI
:ilid distribulc lhc Ihii'd cholm-s on
his lizllliil :Illiiill): lIll' lllg‘llilsl. i'li’. l
I'II.I'2("I'0II.\' l
l. .\l,\~l.:ilii:i shall act as :i liozil'd ol'l
l
l

 

l-Ih-t'lurs.
'I‘I\II‘I

i. .\ll \oling shall take placc :Il a
limo spccilicd by .\lyskania in accord
:llii'l' \\'llli llli' pry-will (‘olislillillolinl
ruling.

I’IUN‘IIIIH Iii:

.\ll \oiing shall I.ilh- [llill'i‘ in :1
IIIi'I‘lliltl ol‘ the Sloth-Iii Associnlion,
l'lllli'il by Iln- l‘l'i-slili'lil. according lo‘
ilu- I'ollouinc prom-«lure: i
shall i..- disirlhnlcdl

 

l. lilii- li:|l|ul
Io carli ~iudcnl.
'_' IIIillill'\ :irrongpd by classl-s- \vlicrc|
i‘.II'll ~1l|il|'lil m'ij cast his ballot. sluilll
bc III'\l}_'IIlIII'II by lllc l’rcsidl-Iil of Sin ‘
dchi .\\~|il'l:lllllll. .

.‘l. .\i'lcr markng his ballot cach sin l
Ill‘iil will go Io his designated lablc.‘

.\'n one shall be |li‘l'lllllll'|l lo casll
his voic until he has paid his sludcnl
l.ix and. in lln- cos.- of class cll-ciions.
paid his cluss illics. l

3 The sludcnl shall Ilicn place the!

ballol in u Ill-signach ballot box onlyl

 

wil‘lcr if has lu-cn slainpcd and after lhc

\llllli'ill has Ill'l'li glicn |ii'l'll|l~~lllll Io]
do so by .‘l nn-mlu-r ol' \I_\\Iilllll:l ‘

Ii 'l‘hc sindcm shall llII'iI li-avc Illi"
.\~~pmbi,\ and will Hill In- pcrmhicdl
In l'l' u-iili'i‘. l

 

Allenlion, Class of l

Message From the Sophs
licur li‘rcshmcn:

llrl—Io li‘rosli! Are you happy"!
lio you woke up in the morning

will) a happy smile on your 
lIlllc l'uccs'.’ Arc you cnoyiug l
lil'c'.’ You urc'.‘ ’l‘sk, lsk. lsk.

\vc'll lmvc to do something
about llllll. (‘oinc to Sopli rc-
ccplion. l’agc llnll auditorium.

Friday night, October 1. ill
i-lglll.

ch. sir .loycc McDonald.
gcncrul chairman. is plotting nll
sorls of mica Hl'lii'llii'h' i'or \vcl—
coniing you in the inimllublo
Sophomorc fashion.

'l‘lici'c now do you soc what
u brig/hf l'ulurc llicrc's in store
for you'.’ We‘ll scc you October
1 and until then have lots of
fun (while. you can).

Your over-loving chains.
The Class of '~ili.

 

 

 

Cafeteria Offers

Improved Service '
New Feature Added,
Milk Bar Now Open

The College Cafeteria. now under
new management. has greatly en-
larged its dining halls and increased
its former facilities to meet an ex-
pected increase in student demand.

Miss Mildred Shorday, new mana-
ger of the Cafeteria. is working with
her staff to include a larger variety
on the menu while keeping the food
wholesome and at a nominal charge.

At the lunch counter. hot meals
as well as salads. are served in ad-
dition to candy and cigarettes.

Lunches are served from 1:30
A.M. to 1:15 P.M. However candy
and cigarettes can be secured at the
lunch counter froth 10:30 A.M. to
4:30 P.M.

The physical appearance of the
newly enlarged Cafeteria is greatly
improved this year Willi the addition
of the round tables nu:1 ‘lic new
floors. Since there is more. room.
students are asked to confine their
catihg to the Cafeteria dining
rooms.

Since the Annex. former eating
place for quick lunches. has been
closed. a milk bar has been estab-
lished to take its place.

'l‘hcI milk bar is located in the
space forh'ierly occupied by the
Pepsi-Cola and coke machines. It
is altogether separate from the
Cafeteria lunch counter in order to
alleviate the noon-time rush. Milk.
sandwiches. and cookies can be

bought at lhc bar. which is open.

from 10:30 A.M. to -i :30 PM.
For the prcwnl a lnblc is being
used as the milk bur. 'l‘hcrc will be

someone in charge to handle the

supplied.

Due to the present labor shortage.
help is desperately needed in the
Cafeteria. All men and women in-
terested should get in touch with
Miss Shot'day immediately. Her
office is located off the front of the
main dining room of the Cafeteria.

lAll applicants are asked to bring

copies of their schedules with free
time clearly indicated.

Primer Will Elect
New Literary Editor

The Primcr. literary animal. will
schedule an election sometime next
week to fill the position of literary
editor which was left vacant when
Mary Studebaker. ‘44. transferred
to Maryland.

The Primcr was started last year
to take thc place of the Sid/('sman.
Although most of the contents are
done by the creative writing class
of Dr. Mcllwainc. professor of Eng-
lish. all students are invited to
contribute. The types of articles
that are used are short stories,
essays. and poems. The deadline
for all contributions will be some-
time next spring.

 

 

 

Stock Trips Limited

 

Trips to the stacks in the college

hour because of a change of library
routine. ’l‘cntativo schcdulcs list
these lrips at ten minute and lwcnly-
five minutes after the hour. and
twenty minutes and five mintitcs of

Ithe hour.

Miss Cobb. head librarian. asks

able material request il in advance.
This applies cspcciiilly to stu—
dents who wish periodicals.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1943

 

Last year Dr. D. V. Smith started
a precedent by writing a letter, and
then mimeographlng copies which
he mailed to the State College men
in the armed services.

These letters were sent all over the
world “to tell it" to our soldiers.
sailors, and marines—to give them
the inside information on each other
as well as to inform them on the
latest proceedings of their Alma
Mater.

Since Dr. D. V. has left State to
assume the Presidency of Cortland
State Teacher's College. Dr. Louis C.
Jones is carrying on this war activ-
ity.

Assisting him in responsibilities
such as dictation. typing, and filing
are Mrs. George Earring lDodie
Aungst) and Gertrude Myers.

Dr. Jones hopes to write a letter
every five weeks. getting his first
letter in the mail by October lst.
Since these letters play a heavy part
in boosting morale. Dr. Jones asks
the students to cooperate on every
ipossiblc occasion.

:Lone Leg Tops Window,
iTerrifying Timid Freshmen

 

“It's a head. it's a leg. it's sui-
lcidcl"
l ’l‘hrcc lcrril‘icd Saylcs Hall fresh—
men dove under the bed.

A palid shapclcss leg. dangling in

 

lwlndow and rasplng against the

.scrccn.

l \\'hcn the paralysis of fear wore

lofl'. freshmen ch messc marched to

lthc room above for counselorial

I comfort.
"’l‘hey'ro

lplncidly said Clai'kie.

1 “Maybe it's ‘our James" who was

Ilicrc before the roof was put on."

lcash and see that the bar is ltciitlchcerny suggested Cathy Smith,

| Fresh. panic-stricken in their
rooms. sought the reassurance of
one another.

“Find Scrabian. our counselor."
screamed the class of '47.

Her room was dark. Fearing the
worst. they gropcd for the light
lswitch and stumbled over some
lrope.

l ’l‘hcy pulled.

l Out rolled a leg.
l No body.

1 Everyone fainted.

Someone has really been pulling
iour leg!

 

Book Exchange Closes
After Successful Season

Today is the last chance students
wil have to obtain books through the
Used Book Exchange. located in the
lower hall of Draper. Marie Tra-
. passo. '45. has been in charge assisted
by Marian Mundser. Elizabeth
O'Neil. Marie Licblc. and Virginia
Cornell. Sophomores.

This book exchange table was set
up the first Thursday of school and
1concludes its functions today. A fee.
‘of five cents has been charged each
lperson for selling his books. This
fund will be turned over to the Stu—
dent Association.

Miss Trapasso states. "The table
was very successful this year. About
‘clglily books have been sold. We
could not fulfill all the orders culled

 

llibrary will be limited to four per for. but did furnish an extremely

proporl ion.

.liirgc

Library Exhibits Manuscripts

a trouser. was swinging outside the:

 

having hallliclnntions."i

 

PAGE 3

Jones AsksgSludenl COOperalion
ln Sending Soldier Stale Gossip I

In, SIIIIIIE Cuupcr

 

“I hope." says Dr. Jones. “that you
will drop me a note in the mailbox
outside my office door whenever you
get any addresses or news of the
fellows.”

He adds, “This is one way that we
can make sure the boys get the
latest news. The more material we
get from the students. the more let-
ters we can send out!"

By keeping Dr. Jones supplied with
5’ steady reservoir of news. the stu-
dents will be participating in a war
activity just as important in its own
way as stamp booth. nurse's aide, or
airplane spotting.

As one sergeant wrote last year—
”The only recreation I have had late-
ly was reading D. V.'s letter. and
then reminiscing of State. It made
me feel that this war can’t go on
forever” . . . .

Which makes us sure that State is

“0011ch of [he Empire Stale

Illolhcr of an ARMY grcal!”

SCA To Install
Officers Tuesday

Student Christian Association will
hold a Torchlig‘ht Service for the
inslallation of officers at 7:30 P.M.
in the Saylcs Hall Greek Theatre.
Tuesday. September 28.

Patricia Frey. '44. chairman of Ar-
rangements. is assisted by Herbert
Brock. ’44. Tentative plans have been
made for a rally on the lcrrace after
the service.

Eunice Baird. '44. wil be installed
as President. and Patricia. Frey. '44,
VlL‘U-Pl'h‘Clle‘lll. Elcanoi' Hayesllp.
'45. and Peggy Casey. '46. will take
the oath of office as Treasurer and
Secretary. respectively.

Helen Elgln. '44. is in charge of
forsh Chorus which will hold its first
meeting today at 3:30 in the Lounge.
Those who signed up will receive
notices of the meeting. Others in—
terested may contact Miss Elgin
through student mailboxes.

Language GET—Wan
Activities For I43-'44

With the growing popularity of
modern languages. the French Club
and Pan Amigos are now busy with
plans for the coming year.

French Club. led by Theresa Mis-
urelli. ’44, President, has cancelled
plans for its freshman reception to-
night duc to conflict with the
Junior's housewarming for the fresh.
However. they will have a table in the
Commons so that frosh. as well as
upper classmen may sign up on Ac-
tivities Day.

 

 

 

 

inn-ing the next few days lllUl‘t‘l
.will be in lhc Library on exhibit of l

‘l'onr Medieval Manuscripts. illum-
.imitcd by hand. and lent to us by

.llial all sludcnls desiring considcr- l Mr, Clarence liidlcy. Assistant Pro.

l'cssoi' of Soclul Studios
The nmnuscripls date as for back
us 11325 A.i).

 

HOLSIIM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY'

l\'l.lClCN-l\lx\lli \i'llliIA'l‘
HULSUM (‘liA(‘l\'l'Il) WlllilA’l‘
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

S BREAD

(WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

French Club will present a play
this year in addition to music. ques-
tion boxes. popular songs and games
al their regular meetings.

Pan Amigos. directed by Patricia
Frey. '44. will welcome all newcomers
who have had one year of Spanish
to sign up on Activities Day

GOOD FOOD

in a li‘ricndly.
('omfortable

Atmosphere

WW3

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

