 

 

 

 

War
0d
3m

—————Bert Kiley——

Thanks, girls. ’
We wish to thank the Womans
Sports Staff for taking over the
reins last week while the Oat Brn-
ner was home amongst the hol’
lemonades and mustard plasters.
With the exception of the Oat Bin,
the entire page was taken over
by Marge, Joan and Marie.
So Solly Department

As they seem to do. .a few errors
crept into the pages last w-eek. First,
Ed Cote did not play number one
on RPI's tennis team, but Reiisscl-
aer High’s—it must be the News
office phone. .

Secondly, in a burst of poetic
fancy. we compared Pfc. Leneker
to Alan Hale. A refresher course
in History C shows it to be Nathan
Hale we had in mind.

Freshman Star Leaves

The saddest part about obituaries
is that the deceased has little op-
portunity to read the nice things
said about him. We are going to de—
vote today's column to saying seine
nice things about some nice guys.

Just about half the athletic
ability in the school left this week
when freshman Kenny George
withdrew from college to don the
OD. Kenny was a “natural,” be-
ing able to carry his coordination
and blinding speed from one sport
to another with facility. You could
come away from a conversation
with Ken, knowing that here was
a fellow who played and loved
sports, but you would have no idea
just how well Ken played them. It
is a welcome relief from the annual
crop of fresh acting as their own
press agent to ﬁnd a real star who
preferred playing to talking.

When the boys depart in droves
for the fronts. the place looks
strange for a day or so. then once
more seems familiar. However.
there are a few whom we miss more
than others. fellows that without
whom the place doesn‘t seem like
State.

This September we looked for-
ward to seeing Stolboff, Erbsteln
and Terhe again. Their particular
reserve. Air Corps Ground Crew,
had been the only one spared in
the great exodus.

Despite heavy teaching and scho-
lastic loads, the boys were anxious
to play football. both for their own
enjoyment, and so that a success-
ful league would be possible.

Well. the Army needed the boys
quicker than it had thought. and
they’re going.

Terho played fresh basketball and
intramural basketball. Though out-
shone by somc of his flashy team-
mates Al always played hard, well.
and clean. He was the sort of
player that makes an intramural
league.

Dutchy Erbstein was one of the
10559? lights on State's chess team
when such outfits as Yale and Col-

gate fell before their inspired pawn .

pushing. He didn't play sports, not
being needed by the perennially
strong KB outfits. This year. how-
ever. Dutch responded to MAA's
request for victliiis and was willing
to sacrilicc an arm or leg so that
we could have a league.

And now we come to Saul Stol-
boff. Saul won the IM award last
year for the best sportsmanship.
it was his; he had carried it.

always a contender for UV! honors.
Saul and Dutchy were also big
reasons why everyone liked

So long Keir. Dutch. Al and Saul
wilght just as hard as you played.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1943

WAA Tennis Tournament

Dominates Sports Program

Twenty Girls Enter;

 

Saul‘
was one big reason why KB wasl

Kn.‘

Weather Remains Fair

Once more tennis takes the spot-
light in the WAA sports program.
Girls have signed up in gratifying
numbers to compete in the tourna-
ment. Twenty women are now
taking part. A schedule has been
posted on the WAA bulletin board
with the information that all first
round matches are to be complete
by today. Weather is an unknown
quantity in the set-up of the tour-
nament. A rainy season effectively
curtailed last year’s activities. So
far this fall there is reason to hopes
that the present fair weather will‘
continue long enough to assure a
successful termination of the tour-
nament this season.

The line-up for the ﬁrst round
of matches is dominated numeri-
cally by the class of ’47. Twelve
freshmen have signed up to play.
With a majority of the contestants
making a maiden appearance in a
State College sports event, it is
difficult to make accurate predic-
tions as to the possible outcome.

Arlene Polsky. '46. Josephine
Simon. '45, Flo Garfall. '45. Eileen!
Shoup. ‘46, Sunna Cooper. '45 and
Leah Tischler. ‘45, are the veteransr
of former tennis tournaments who:
are entered in this year’s contest.’
Marie Scudder, ’46. is the only up-'
perclassman who is competing for"
the first time. Garfall's name ap-
pears en the tennis cup for the
1941 season while Garfall and‘
Giavelli progressed to the finals in
last year’s tourney. These two
players are recognized as the
strongest centendants for the cup,
but an upset may well be in the‘
offing. :

Nora Glavolli has had intensivel
practice lately. Flo Garfall de-l
clares, "Nora is playing the best!
tennis I have ever seen her play.!
She is in top form.”

 

of recent practice and

As the schedule now stands.
bye is indicated in the
round. ‘

To Be Formulated Today

definitely be provided.

men available. Tire Page Hall fleldl
has been set aside three days a‘
week for the use of MAA. Claims
are to be played at either 3:30 or
4:30, depending on which time will
be the more convenient.

A meeting of thc lcaguc. to bc
lhcld lnnncdintcly following nsscm-
biy today. will dccldc on
times and days.

Dcsplic ilrc fuel. the the proposed
lprogruni rccclvcd a blow this week
.‘whcn Ken (fr-orqu '47. Suul Slolbol'.
"44. and (icorgc filrbslcin. "l4, llircc

 

of llic iiurinslliys of ilrc athletic si-i— ‘I

up. i'ccl-ivcd liu-ir bull to ilrc scrvicc,
icuguc dircclor fliunmond
loplomislic,

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Onlorio at Benson Si.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

198*200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our liusiiiessinan's Lunch

DIAL 5*”1 913

OAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

MAA Football Phins -

. pervised
. LlOllEll hours.

i

dcfliillc I

4

rcnnrlns‘

 

WAA Rules
Newly-inteI—m—eted

Kit Herdman. '44, president of
WAA, reviewed in an interview this
week credit and award rules in or-
der to clarify the situation for
freshmen and many of the upper-
classmcn.

Credit for a sport is obtained by
coming out for at least two-thirds
of the periods that the sport is of-
fered. Tennis and riding are spe-
cial cases. requiring only three su-
hours plus seven addi-

Class numerals will be awarded to
all women who have earned credit
in four sports throughout the year.
Credit in four sports a year for
three years merits a gold kcy. Nu-
merals arid keys are given out at
WAA Award Festival in the Spring
of each year.

WAA council is made up of two
representatives from each class in
addition to the officers of the
organization.

Honor Council is elected by WAA
Council and is composed of from
one to four Junior women who have
shown exceptional leadership. The
names of members of this body are
announced on Moving-up Day.
White honor jackets are awarded.
Kit Hcrdiiian and Leda LaSallc
Were the two members of WAA
chosen for Honor Council this year.

All women who have paid Student
Tux are members of WAA. Voting
privileges in elections for officers
are restricted to those members

,who have earned credit that year
lln at least one sport.

WAA FramesﬁSns
Re Activities Day Table

Tomorrow WAA. along with most

On the other of the other activities and organi-
hand. Flo is a bit rusty from lack nations of the college. will be rep-
forsees a ‘ resented by a table in the commons.
hard ﬁght ahead if she and Nora All women are
do ir.eet. ’for any
8. interested.
second provided for the winter and spring

asked to sign up
sport in which they are
Sign-up sheets will be

season sports as well as those offered
this fall.

While it is not aboslutely neces—
sary to sign up in order to partici-
pate ln any sport. it would aid the
captains and officers of WAA in

plans for an MAA football league ‘guaging the interests of the student
are still very vague and i'Oi‘mttLchlbOdy' .
but some so” of commutlon Wm making out the sports calendar for
A tentative the year, is giving the women of
program includes the setting up ofﬁSlalC a D1981?!“ that “5 SIEUSIQCLOI'Y
three mums of ﬁve 0,. Hix nmlnbel-S;te the majority. Cooperation is re-
each—accor'dlng to the number of ‘ ‘lUCSLCd by K” “mama”-

Thcir principal aim when

 

 

Herb Gives With Quip,-
Beats Winchell By Months

He may not have been a foot-
ball hero—in fact he wasn't. But
Herbert wielded a mean type-
writer. Have a sample. Since
.Herebert Leneker was ribbed
here; here he will be vindicated.

From the V column. June 16,
1943:

Remember. each one of its
EROS going in will release a
WAAC for more active duty . .

From Walter VViiichell's col-
umn June 16. 1943:

The clowns claim a certain
whoop~-m‘dear is being drafted
so lltftl. a WAAO can be released
for aciinc duly.

There, in the New York idiom
in Julie, is what the S'm'rlc Col.-
l.r:on NEWS carried in March.
And which puts W. W. just
three months bchliid our own
H. L

 

 

 Launch

Autumn Program

A weekend at Camp Johnson is
tentatively scheduled for October
9 under the direction of Helen Slack
and Bobbie Van Aukcii. Sopho—
mores. WAA is anxious to have at
least one weekend this fall but the
food problem may be insurmount-
able as the girls themselves iiulst
contribute ration points for the
catablcs required.

Any suggestion for a solution of
this difficulty may be offered by
camping enthusiasts. Watch the
bulletin board in the lower hall of
Draper for further developments on
the Camp Johnson weekends.

WAA reports that the hockey field
behind Pierce Hall has been lined
and is ready for play.

The chances for a hiking program
are slim unless more interest is
shown. Contact Kit Hei'diiian if
hiking is one of your pet recrea-
tioris.

Riding has one of the largest fol-
lowings among the fall sports. It
is advisable to sign up on the WAA
bulletin board some time during the
week if you wish to go riding the
coming Saturday. Otherwise a suf—
ficient number of mounts may not
be available.

In previous years WAA has re-.

funded a full 50% of the total cost
of riding if credit in the sport has
been obtained. it will again do this
if the budget allows. Whether or
riot the refunds will be a full 50%
depends on the number of parti-
cipants.
lur an hour at the Ranch or Surr-
sct Academy. WAA accepts iro
responsibility for accidents result-
ing frorn riding.

Cost of riding is on dol-.

Open Tourney
into Semi-Finals;

One Man Left

Giavelli Defeats Cote,-
Ferber Next Opponent

The open tennis tournament on-
tch the semi-final round this week,
with Bob Forber left to uphold the
honor of State's males against the
sizzling raqucttcs of Flo Garfall,
Nora Giavelli. arid Josie Simon.

F‘erber clashes with Giavelli in
a best—out-of-three match. while
Simon meets Gnrfall in an all-
female encounter.

Nora disposed of Freshman Ed
Cote handily last Friday on the
Washington Park courts. (5-1. (5-0.

Nora's baseline barrage proved
too much for the rusty cx-chsscl-
:rcr star. and he succumbed 6-1. 6-0.

Fcrbcr won his ﬁrst set handily.

(Hi. from Mark Blunt; but tired
illitllV ilr llrc second and was ex-
tended to a 7-5 set. Both Giavelli
and Fcrbcr drew first round "byes."
, Jon.“ Simon drew a dcfnult into
,l.lic semi-final bruckcl when her
loppcncnl-lo-bc. Dutch lt‘rbstcln,
[was called into the service. in a.
ﬁrst reuiid match. Jesic disposcd
101‘ Al Bininzrll 6—0. 6—12.
1 Flo .‘nirl'all finds lrcrscli' ill the
,posiilon of being in ilrc scnri-finnls
,WlfllOIlL having swung u rurplciic.
jF‘lo drew a free tickci. into ilrc scc-
iond round and then kept on going
‘into the semi-final when .llnr Miner
lwithdrew from the tournament.

l, Fcrbcr and Giavelli meet in the
next round in what promises to be
la hard—fought match. Both play-
ers are strong and a close battle
seems in the offing. Giavelli. in
her match with Cote. did not show
,znrv signs of tiring. Nora‘s energy
.will be an advantage to her over
'li‘crbcr. who appeared tired in his
second set with Blunt.

Though having suffered previous
ldci‘cats at the hands of Garfall.
lJosie Simon's impressive victory
over Biiiliiati indicates a close
match here.

With both scinl-i’lnnl matches
scheduled to be run off next week. a
completed tournament by the second
week of October seems certain.

 

La Salle Replaces Devine
Lcda La Sullc has been appointed
line now Vice-President of WAA by
a unanimous vote of the Council.
She succeeds Kay Dcvinc. ‘44. who
has accepted a pcrriinncirt position
iii Civil Service in Albany.
, Miss Lu Sallc was one of the few
'iilClillJCI'S of the student body who
obtained credit in four sports last
year and has been active iii WAA
throughout her college career.

 

 

 

Have 21 Coca-Cola = Howdy, N eighbor

all 

7
.i’i“

ml l mill

ll

 

 

 

 

' v u (Inl‘
* Ely-ml]

.. “(fill'ﬂli/ffill'lilfll
E

from Arizona to Australia

At home or abroad, when ilrc American soldier says [law (a
“Claim” to a stranger, he‘s made a new buddy. l’rom Minneap-
olis to Melbourne. (Zora-(Zola stands for I’M/1111130 I/MI riﬂes/Jet
—has become the mark of the good neighbor.

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COlA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA lit)’l"l‘l.lN(l COMPANY

r

V] \‘\ I
lit. ll
11': natural for popular harm-s to
.ii'qun'c friendly abbreviations. That's
wiry you hear Coca-Cola called "Coke"

" In hilnu
wﬂll m 0 our."
T ‘r

if '
Ill}. J

-the g obai
high-sign

 

.__®l943 The (M: r“

 

LlBRARY 

STATE COLLEiBE FOR TEACHERS

allege

N RA Y. N.

6W8

 

 

 

 

All State Special,
First of [Big Ten',
Will bLQct. 30

Dancing,Games,Bridge
To Be At Main Dorms

Plans for the All-State Special.
the first of the presentations under
the Big Ten Program to aid in the
war effort, have been disclosed by
Student Council who is sponsoring
the event. The adjoining dorms.
Pierce and Slrylcs Halls. have been
procured for the evening‘s enter-
tainment on October 30.

Dancing, and games will be the
main features of the affair. At
Snyk-s Hall. a swing build composed
of Slate students, is expected to
make its debut. while across the
lawn at Pierce. tables for bridge and
other games will be set up. A sec-
tion for iiistructien to beginners at
bridge will be provided. In addi-
tion there will be lliblC prizes, a
door prize. llil(l raff‘ is

All-Slalc Special has been ar-
rangcd in an nttcmpl. to keep as
nruch of the spirit. of the All-Stale
semi-formal. inaugurated two years
ago. The cxpr-nsc of u hired or-
clrcstrn hns bccn climliiutcd. and
air informal non-date affair has
been made necessary. Tlils affair is
taking the place of the Ail—State
Dance, which has been held at the
two dormitories in October for the
past two years.

General chairman for the event
is Patricia Lntimcr. '44. Assisting
her are Fred Shoemaker. ‘44. in
charge of Arrangements; Publicity.
Florence Gari‘ull; tickets. Evelyn
Wolfe and Priscilla Hayes. Sopho—
mores; Clean-up. Robert Sullivan.
'46; Eritcrtuliiincnt. Barbara Pill.-
nam. ‘45; Prizes. Lucille Grants. ‘44;
Refreshments. Jeanette Buyck, '45.

Ballad Singers at Art Institute

Octobcr 20. ilrc Albany Institute
of History and Art is presenting

Elle Siel‘gincisler's American Ballad

Singers.
The general
liowovcr. if lhosc

admission
students

hc will sccurc studcnl.
tlrcrii at 50 cents each.

Conrad Thibeull,

And Radio Star,

by Iiit Kl'lltlllll

l“ro1n i'ndio |)i'lij.i‘lliii lo i‘udio pro—
grorn. (tonrnd ’l‘lnbziull lumps, and
arranger. lns sclrcdulc so in- coir visll
Sinir- l)t'i\\’l‘i'il lino-s. (‘onliuunnz iin
1h lll'_\ ol' pr'cscnling onlslnnding
pi-rsonnlillcs lo ilrc nilulcni body,
Music ('(rllill‘ll will bring ilrc corr-
l'l'l'l and radio :.rngrr In How llrill
Irr\l l‘llilll)‘ lll iliiir PM.

Mr. 'I‘lnbnnll's rndro programs urc
ilrc "l\uu'l'icurr l\’lclody flour” ulld
"l\'inlrlmllnu Mcrr'l — (io - 'ironrid.”
ilc lll‘ui npprum-d on such i'tliilllll‘l'~
l'llll :.lro\\'>. :rt. l\’lu.\\\l'll lltlilhi‘ "Hlil)\\’~
hour," (‘ocn—(‘o1u. A N l’ (iyprdcs,
I’hlilrp lVerI'lh. Lucky Hri'lkc, “(JA—
Vir'lrr|".‘. "l\’llliﬂl‘ Key." l‘ncl-znrd. :irui
(illll'i:

lll‘.r:.lllll', lil'lll'l'l proruuulnllon In
inc (lllll‘l'i‘ill lurrgungcs and proof-
r:-.irr.:_ ycr'onirlrlr llr lrir. sclr-clrons.
ltil' 'l‘inboulr \\lll nrclndc wcll—loycd
Alrrcr'lcun illllivruilllm rrird opcl'o
now. on liln 1rl'll];i‘llill ru-sl Friday
Mr \\r|l :lllli'. cyclylliurg ironi "()lil
l"illli:~ Al lloiriv" In on ur'ln iroru
illll‘ ol \r’cl'lli'n opcl'ns

Slur-Inn: his singing cnr'ccr in ii
r'irlli'i'li choir. (‘oiri'nil 'l‘lrlbnuli has
hurl u slow. slcndy climb to lninc.
Wlili llrc sonic pci'scvcrnncc that
has inurkcd nrnny "rugs to riches"
stories. Mr. 'i‘hlbrullt has often had
sci—bucks In his ciii'ccr. Al. tlincs
ilrc siirgci' rosoricd to bring it floor-
wnikri' iii u department store, line-
nnur iii ii lcicplrono company. and
even n sodn lurker . . . all to earn
enough to continuc his studies.

is $1.50.
inter—
cslcd hi attending this program will
contact Dr, Joncs bcforc Tuesday.
tickets for

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBLR O, 1943

War Work Registration
Scheduled For NextWeek

WAC Seeks 100% Enrollment;

Students To Register in Rotunda

War Activities Council will officially begin its ’43-’44
program h’lorulay. with student registration in the Rotunda

Last week the STATIC Courier: NEWS published a letter directed
against ilrc Alumni residence halls. Tire letter aroused numerous
comrricnls of bolii agreement and indignation. Few realize however,
that the fault lies with [mt/I .r‘fmlcnl rcsirlcnls and dormitory
mimicisrl'utors. For two years inhabitants of tire Alumni Residence
Halls have indulged in the time-honored past—iimc of “griping”
about the food and the heat. Much of it was good natured joking.
but other comments were well-founded crilicisms. if the students
had directed their complaints to the proper zrulhorilics. undoubtedly
action Would have been taken before now. liven during the past week
there was a general meeting of dormitory r'csidcnis. yet no one voiced
any of the criticisms heard so often before. In all fairness lo the
any of the criticisms heard so oflcn before. in all fairness to tire di-
rectors of fire Halls. someone should have brought the issuc lo the forc
by sliding cxuclly how ilrc students fell about their living conditions.

Apparently ii is i-xpcclcd find the NEWS will lake the initiative lll
cxprcssing the views of lhcsc sludcnis. Wartime economic conditions
limit niclrl—plunning in any insiiluiion. ycl oilicr group houses on the
campus llll\’i‘ bccn ablc to provide bclicr niczils lhzur ihosc found lli
ilrc Alumni Rcsirlcnrc Hulls. And still board rules rcmnin ilrc same
if nol slightly lower. if lbcrc is an cxplanzrlion of this (liscr'cpunry,
surely ilrc slurlcnls are entitled to know of if. Nonc of lhcm arc so
scllislr as lo rcfusc lo undcrslzuul cxplziiirablc situations.

If no pluuszilrlc cxplnnzilion is offcrcd. ii is up to llic siudcnis
to lake definite action upon ilrc mallcr. if ihcy fch that they are
bcing irczrlcd unfairly. ii is their right lo demand that something
be done uboul lhc siluulion. ()tlicrwisc. by letting ilrc mnllcr slide
ilrc \\'li_\' of so many ollrcr "issucs." ilrc sludcnls will bc rclinquishing
llrcir right lo express opinion. ('rilicism is pcrmissilrlc only so long
:is if is ('IHlS/l'lli'll't'l'. l’crhups conditions are such llrzrl no dcliniic
nclion can bc lukcn. yct cvcn an explanation of this would satisfy
ilrc I'csidcnls.

'l'lic liormlorics are owned and run by ilrc Alumni Association
for students attending Slzrlc College. This means illiii closc ("oop-
crulion is in order. Regardless of complaints, ii, is only fair to rcczill

illili but for tire Alumni Association, there might bc no such group
houses. But since ilrc students arc paying for lel lhcy i'cccivc. llicy
:n'c purlicipzuils iii llic housing vcniurc, and as such they are entitled
to be dealt with immediately.

SA Election ForVice-President
Scheduled For Today’s Assembly

With ilrc Student
Vice—Presidential election
for today’s assembly. the
approved voting amendment will
have its first practical application.
In addition to balloting for a new
Vice-President. the student body
will make written nominations for
Campus Queen.

'I‘wo formal requests for money
are to be submitted to the associa-
tion in the form of resolutions. One
comes from the Vic Committee ask-
ing for $15 from the surplus; the

Association other seeks an appropriation of
slated approximately $100 to cover the cost

recently of curtains for the Cafeteria, the
News Office and the Commons.

Also on the morning program is
a brief discussion of war activities
offered at State and a pica for
100% registration for war work next
week in the rotunda. Ruth Hines.
'45. Student Chairman of War Ac~
livll.ics Council is to speak on be-
half of the Council.

(lumpus Queen Nominations

Nominations for Campus Queen
will prcccdc the VP. election. All
students who havo puld studcnt tax
may nominatc any Sciiior woman
as llu-ir cholcc for queen. 'l‘l‘ildl-
liorurlly, nominations arc bnscd
upon poprilul'lly.

'l‘irc V.l‘. clcclioir is to come of
ilrc rod of rho usscnrbiy progr'run.
’i‘lrc names of llu- llvc cundidnlcs
anr‘gnr‘cl l)r-c. Noi‘n (linrclll. Bur-
bnm l’nirnon. John Smith and Leah
'l‘lsl'llli‘l‘r will nppcur on ilrc liillil—
cogrnpbcd ballots distributed by
llll'l!ll)('l'H of Mysknnln. Scnlor lion-
ornry l.ciuicr'sliip Hociciy, Mcni-
bcr's of ilrc sludcnl. body will then
nurnbcr lhclr brillols in the oi'dci‘
of prcfcri 'c. Al'lcl' Myskuirlu
urclnbcrs scnl. llrcnrsclycs nl. lhc
closs lnblcs. slndcnls will lilc out by
rows to llll\’l' llrcir ballots slumped
ui‘lcr Myskuliln cliccks cuclr voter's
iliiiilt' :rgrrlnsl llic student his list.
'l‘lrosc who lrnvc rrol pnld tux will

Concert Singer
Comes to Stole

Allcr work of. Ilrc Curtis institutc
of Music in i‘lrilndclpliln. l'ccogiil-
Iron llrrnily conic. 'l‘hc lending
lmriloru- of flip l’lrilndclplrlir Opcru
(.‘ornpnny bccoinc ill just before a
pcrl'orinniicc and us in llrc llclloinrl
.uncccss slorll-s. Mr. 'l‘lribnull slcppcd
lnlo Ilic purl nnd rlcognillou.

lllr. lcnclrcr \\'n:. l'llnlllo dc (io-
gorm. nnd cycn now. (.‘orn'od 'i‘hl-
lillllll conilnncs ro .wIndy wllh hlrrr.
Snys l\lr 'I'lrilrooli. "A :ungcr' ll('\’l'i'
slops lcnr'irllrg."

l\’lu:.lc (‘onnrli‘s gru-sl nrllst bus
it loud nll'cclloir for llrc l"l‘i‘lll'll
pr'r'lill'. llllllni'll bcrirg n dcsccndnnl.
ol' Allllliil‘ lr‘i' iu'c ‘ "'l . "" '
“TIM AUNT”; ('.(l”l::.ni',“.;.lh:blz:lml:: bc borl'cd lrorn \‘oling. Although
mle “1 mmpmhm mum“ “v cnch slndcnl will rccclr'c :1 ballot
“NIH!” wmll‘ “ mm“ mum. ,HUL rind crcir number if. no volr- in lo-
IM. “I lymhmm "mum... n (MIL l’.lll unlcss slnnrpcd by Mysknnln.
mi...” 1., H“. mm“. (,1 1m. HHWHH-M Hludcrrls who nrc lcgnlly nbscni

l\’cr'cnunr, nppi'oshnulcly bill! fun “W” libﬁf‘lllllli' “’1” 1’“ NW” H“
1,11,.“ 1, mum“. My Thpwm'g imporlulnly lo \‘oic from ill noon to
Iillll' Is ulnrosl not his own. inn 1 I’M 1” llll' PM!“ “ll” l“““"”'“”“-
H 3..., “hp mm w)“, mg [mm-1p. m“ l'l'ui'licc loin-burg. during llic unscru-
1h, ms” “.11 M,” In“ mull...” bly pcr'lod consillulcs it "legal" cx-

AI ilrc r'nllroud slullon ilicrc will ("l-h“
bc I'l']ii'l'>.l‘ilillil\’l'h ol Music (iouncll
Ilncky Music (‘ounclllr lo wclcomo
Mr 'l‘lribuuil nrul Mr. Mowbr'uy, his D90" Calls Meellng 0‘ Me"
occorupniiisl. when llrcy urrlvc on
pygmy nilci'iloliii. Millorr (1. Nelson. licun ol‘ ilrc Col—

'l‘hp Np" y,,,-/,~ pug, my..- “1' MI" lcgc. rcqucsls that oil collcgc mcn
Thump“. ~11“ [h pm. (,1 up, “unit ullcnd on iiiiportunl meeting to be
coniplcicly satisfying lli'ilsl.s in be hcid Monday. In. noon. in ltoonr illiii.
heard at prcscnl. lie is also one Allvllll' will b" l-ilVl'll concerning tho
of tho lt'W of whom it can be said Army—NunQualifying'1‘ch {Ii-1301‘
that ho is fill urtlsl first and it V-l‘ll which will be lilVNI 0H NOVl‘lll'
singer second." bl‘l' ll.

for all College-sponsored wa'

VOL. xxym Nan/T

activities. Since Registration

will last throughout the week, students will be able to sign
up any day between E) AM. and 3:30 PM. f0' active par—
ticipation iii the war activities for which they are best

suited.

 

Voting Procedure

The inauguration of the prof-
erential ballot in Student As-
sociation elections necessitates
definite instructions as to voting
procedure. ’l‘oday's voting will
be carried out as follows:

After distributing ballots to
each riieinber of Student Asso-
ciation. members of Myskaiiia
will seat themselves at tables
placed in the back of the audi-
torium and in the balcony. There
is to be one table apiece for
each of the three upper classes
and two for the freshman class.
Students are to file out by rows
to their class tables where Mys-
kaniii class guardians will verify
their having paid Student 'l‘ax.
When the distinctive Myskanla
stamp has been placed upon the
ballot. each student is to deposit
his vote in the designated box.

The entire student body is re-
quested to follow carefully ili-
rections from the chair and to
cooperate with class marshals
assisting at the election. This
will eliminate confusion and
will accelerate the voting.

 

 

 

AD To Present

Plays onTuesdoy

Advanced Dramatics will offer two
plays next Tuesday at 8:30 PM. in
tragedy
(ilr‘cclcd by Mary Dorothy Aldcir. '45.
and n corircdy (lii'cctcd by Ruth Fine.

Plrgc l-Inll Anditorluiii: ll

War activities on Campus include
Office Work. Poster Making, ’l‘yp-
lug. Stamp Booth, Knitting. and
courses in Home Nursing. and Ele—
mentary and Advanced First Aid.

Off-Campus affiliations will con-
sist of Nurses' Aide, Blood Donor,
War Records. and Nursery School
work.

Volunteers for War Records

Dr. Arthur Pound. New York
State Historian. has asked for vol-
uiitecrs from State College to assist
in collecting war records for Al-
bany. This staff of volunteers. af-
ter a period of training. will then
have an important role in compiling
the local war-time sacrifices and
contributions —— all a part of the
records of the war on the home-
front.

Lettcrs freiii the men and we-
men in the armed forces. letters
from irrigrants from this locality to
the defense factories in other cen-
ters. complete files and clippings
from local newspapers. Red Cross
and USO bulletins. as well as re-
ports of special programs and
drives. are all war records that must
be gathered.

Tire underlying purpose of this
activity is to provide factual data
for local and ceinrnuliity histories,
to create a fund of material for
later selection by libraries and mu-
seums. to provide all members of
the armed forces with correct in-
formation available for later sup-
port of just claims. and to enlighten
future community leaders in the
lessons of experience as revealed in
tlils conflict.

This War Records group. now in-
cluded in the College war activities.
replaces the Research division.

Lust year. over 60', of the student
body registered with War Council.

’45. Miss Aldcn's pluv slurs Lucille ugh"... Hm. h 0,”. mm -

I ‘ . .l  I a . . . . .‘1 “(1 ycar of
[Sl'l'l'l-V- 45; ‘m‘l Ml“? rm” f” ‘l’ml war,” says Dr. Ellen Siokcs. Dcun of
“UH-“"11"” Mi‘F""l"5" 4-" “ll‘l Elm“ Women and Faculty Cllllil'iilllii for

bcllr f. Mc(irlrlli. ‘46.

'l‘lrc scond group of twrr plays will
'I‘ucsduy. ()clobci' 26. Support 01' cvri'yonc nird wc hope in

be pl'cnl'liicll

ilrc Council. "\vc cxpccl. to exceed
inst ycni"s cnrolliircnl. Wc nccd the

'l‘ircsc lli'l' undcr ilrc dlrci-ilon of ciiroli 100'; siudcnl. purlicipnlion."

lrllninc Droov. rind

.luirlol's.

Pcasr

Miss l)roo'/.'s ploy

Schloil.

llini-s (‘hoscn Student Chairman
Al the Will‘ Corincil niccling Tucs-

,, SUDNhHCHH.“ dnr'. liullr llincs. '45. was Moi-rod lo

mm,ng pm my” chm-“Mpl-Sv Tm... assist Dcnn Slokcs us Co-cinrir'nn‘n.
Ancy. “litand l‘r‘rcd Fanchcr. “i7, wire Mlli'lf' fell”. “ill. Wits l'hOs'i-n Hci'i'c-

dcpici u conplc co-slnri'iiig on llrond— V I
n”... “Him, Ink“... “1m... puck- will conllnuc in his post as 'l‘r'cns-
u

\\'ll_\‘.
sugc iii if llrcnlcl'.

Miss Hrlrioll's plin is u lnrcc uboul
[U ilrc (‘ollcgc. wrii rippoirii two l'ncnlly

u \\’culllry dccldc

Ii'cnl iiu-ii'

conplc who
scrvrurls to u

ilicuicr‘

fury. and Frcdcrick Shocnrlikcr. "H,
r 't‘l'.
Dr. John M. Snylcs. Pi‘csidcnl of

nicinlrcrs lo l'rll lhc vncnncics cro»

pru'ly. ‘l‘hc purl oi llic wife is pluy- "it"l l’.\‘ “1'. l\'HlM‘l'l l\’l‘llliiw. lorrncr
“(I m. “an” Minus“. .45; 11”“),de Asrlulnnl l'rolcssorol'Social Slluilcs.
(11y(1(.()(,(,1(".17; (.mm'Mm-lh“.10”... uurl Mrs. Anna l\'. lini'snni of ilrc

'lf); parlor ninld. lrcnc

l'fcck. "in;
houscnurld. (icrlrudc Mycrs. "fol; usc~

l\’llllu' Iru'llliy.

A row pluir lins born formulnlcd

iul irrnld. l\'.onunnc llnydcn. “ill; rind in r'rrnn'd lo ilrc Slump lloolli. Slncc

ilrc odd mun. Albcrl. ltcud. ‘-l’l.

Season Tickets On Sale
For D 8i A Activities

lirrunulrcs liilll Ari Council. under
ilrc dli'ccllon oi 'l‘rccc Alrcy. “iii. will
scll scuson's llckcls lo ilrc [lump 1) N.
A prcscnlullon lukcing plncc llris

ycur. 'l‘lrc lickcls will cosi  ii.

of gelling new ilckcis cuch limo.
Sludcnls who wish
tickets for their parents or for house-

il'cnliilu'lr will l)i'
r-vr-nlnn
Lounge. All i‘rcsluncn and upper—

” I clussrncn in fire
ibis plan was drvlscd so lhni ilrc mu,” ,m. “MIMI

fucully would lillVi' n chance in sec
ilrc prcscnlullons without. llrc trouble

Ncuniuli (‘iub. Allll‘hi. ll‘orunr. nird
ilu' (‘luss of “ill have oll‘crcd llrclr
scrr fl'cs', \‘ollliliccl' groups will lll‘lit‘l'~

'(‘onliurud on [my/c .i/

Commerce Club Reception

'i‘lrc (‘iiiiliill'l‘i'l‘ (‘lub I‘l't'i'lllliill ioi'
hcid chncsduy
to 9:30 in the

from 7:30

lonuncrcc Depart—

'l‘hc date has been changed from

October 1:! in October Iii siocc the
M). plays are scheduled for Oo-
i.o purchase iobci' 113.

Sylvia Trap, '4“, is General Chair-

molhcrs may do so next week by mun for tire reception. liolon D'Ap~
dropping in at the i) at A office if) ris. '44, rind Helen Elgin. '44. are in

tho Coirmions.

charge of refreshments.

 

