      

 
 
 

 
  
    
   
       

 

- m...» .. .. 7..

 

 

 

 

;:

..,_,.,. .01.... g 1. to

saw... «was,»

   

  

 

 

Bert Kiley

 

Word comes floating in from that
familiar and beloved figure at all
state sports events during his two
and a half years tenure here, Mal-
colm “Red” Evans.

Red’s Revery "

Inspired by our “memory column
of a few weeks back, Red went into
a revery and came up with two
flash-backs of his own. to wit:

The KB-Potter game of ’42 occu-
pies a tender place in Red's mem-
ories. Potter twirler Seifert just
couldn’t find the plate and KB ob-
ligingly showed him where it was
by denting it ten times in the first
inning. At which point our Malcolm
took over the mound duties and ac-
cording to the News reporter “pitch-
ed masterful ball." He must have,
for the final count read Potter 11.
KB 10. Malcolm omitted his own
efforts from his account, we add.

Red also has fond memories of
that sensational two yard pass that
EEP Riz Hansen threw to the Dorm’s
Merritt, said blooperhbeiBg good for

bout 40 ards for t e arm.

a Red 8153:) reports on the football
games the paratroopers play in their
spare time. Real honest-to-good-
ness tackle. with no equipment——
ouch!

Re his previously mentioned pitch-
ing talents, Red states that he
has twirled one inning since donning
the OD and that was a no hit, no
run, no error effort and that IM
batsman and assorted sluggers in
the year of our Lord 1953 had better
plan on a “none for three” day when
facing Red's boys.

Three Good Men

We would say, and nobody has to

agree with us, that the three most
natural athletes it has been our
pleasure to watch and play with
doing our sojourn here are Bill Dick-
son, Frank Hansen and Johnny Sus-
sina. '
These boys could play practically
anything and play it well. Of the
three, Dickson was probably the
closest to being a finished product.
He played with an effortless smooth-
ness. In fact you had to play against
the Deacon to realize how good he
was.
Hansen was the flashiest of the
lot and with good coaching and de-
veloping might have become quite an
athlete. While not the team man
Dickson was, he had a great com-
petitive spirit and was a handy fel-
low to have around. We can still
hear the uproar in the RPI gym
when Riz sprung his behind the
back dribble in one of the varsity‘s
lost causes.

Whereas Dickson and Hansen
could take their sports or leave them
alone, “Long John" Sussina was an
addict. John was always ready for
anything from ping pong to football,
though ills weakest points seemed
to be the milder contests like dart
shooting. His cutting off a throw
from the outfield to turn a two-run
double into a double play was just
about the nicest bit of softballing
we have seen.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, ‘FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1943

HainmondCopsDash Event
In l-M Field Day Feature

MAA Council Stars,-
Dickson, Kiley Shine

The MAA field day of November
19 followed the form book and favor-
ites triumphed ill all but one event.
Men ineligible for active sports were
permitted to compete in less stren-
uous events.

The once-postponed meet was run
off on a field slippery from melting
snow.

Only in one event, the place-kick-
ing, did this year's efforts better last
year’s initial field day.

Hammond Easy Victor

The 80 yard dash, feature of the
day, was won by two yards by the
favorite, Regis “Hepper” Hammond
in the slow time of 10.4. Trailing
him to the finish line were Kiley,
Tabner and Poulos in that order.
It was anybody’s race for 40 yards,
at which point Hep turned it on.
The fact that a good portion of the
stretch was under a blanket of
snow probably slowed up the con-
testants. Guarino won last year’s
sizzler in 9.4. but Tucker turned in
a 9.2 performance in a qualifying
heat.

The punting contest was won by
Ensign Bill “Deacon” Dickson. ’42,
a former IM and varsity star. His
boot. which went for 46 yards. was
the best try put forth. The ball's
angling towards the sidelines cost
him several yards, only perpendi-
cular distance being measured. He
was followed closely by Kiley with
a 42 yard kick and Hammond who
lifted one for 38 yards. Young’s 58
and Sussina’s 52 yard punts of last
year were never challenged.

The place-kicking event also came
off as expected. Kiley’s boot of
53 yards went straight and true to
the end zone. His closest competitor.
Hammond got off a 38 yard effort.
Kiley’s kick was considerably better
than Tassoni's 41 yard winner of a
year ago. However. both Tassoni and
Young, last year’s favorites suffered
an off-day.

Kaufman Hits Bulls-eye

The accuracy passing was won by
a dark horse. It was the only real
surprise of the day. A tie between
Shoemaker and Dickson was broken
by Art Kaufman. The 1947 MAA
representative placed one directly in
the basket on his first try, thus
duplicating Welch's feat of a year
ago. Kaufman’s victory made it a
grand slam for MAA Council. Kiley
and Hammond running this year’s
show and “The Deacon" being a
former president.

The distance passing contest was
called off because of lack of time.
It may be held at a future date. The
contestants have Tassoni's 51 yard
record to shoot at.

The field day marked the end of
the football season. MAA expects to
start its indoor season soon. Fur-
ther plans will be announced.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario at Benson St.

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY 3' 00.

Department Store

North Pearl Street, Albany, N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR 83 YEARS

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

 

DIAL 5—1913

GAFETEBIA

Try Our Iiusinessman’s Lunch

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Autumn Season
Expires In Peace

by Marie De Cherie ————-
WAA‘s fall season has gone the

Coaches Praise
Football HOpeIul

Johnston and McGrath

The football season has hit a tem-
porary snag in the form of six inches
of snow. The girls are perfectly
willing to play regardles of the ele-
ments, but the field cannot be used
in its present condition. Even if
the snow melts they will have to
wait until the ground hardens. This
apparently is the best condition for

 

 

the field, despite the obvious advan- b

 

 

 

Margo Byrne

We encounter State’s usual leth-
argic acceptance of WAA’s efforts
in the droves of women who are re-
fraining from signing up for the
ping-pong tournaments. You should,
now. be aware that along with

way or all seasons and now the Win" “1395 Of a some“ turf for the players the traditional all-female tourney,

ter schedule begins. Much as we of
the sports department look forward
to new material, it seems a shame
to let old familiar sports pass into
oblivion too quickly. So let’s have
one last lingering survey of the
“who, what. when and where" of
women’s sports at State since Sep-
tember.

First, of course and as usual, there
were the tennis tournaments—an
open tourney for both sexes, and
one for women only. Bob Ferber.
'46, won the open tourney after a
hard-fought match with Flo Garfall.
Some Things Never Change

The women's tourney was, like last
year’s. not completed. although over
twenty girls entered the contest.
However, a few rounds were played
and WAA has promised to carry
on from there, finish the tourney.
and award the trophy next spring——
they hope. they hope. they hope!

Hockey. under the captaincy of
Mary Now and Eileen Shoup, was
another popular sport, with fifty-
seven WAA’ers going out for it. WAA
tried to arrange a play-day with
Skidmore, but the famous Albany
weather dampened all such hopes.

According to Helen Bushnell, arch-
ery captain, twelve women have re-
ceived credit—an increase of eight
over last year. “C'est la guerre"—
evidently the nearest a female could
get to romance was to shoot arrows
into a red. white and blue target
and dream of Cupid. Or could it
be that 'twas merely an outgrowth
of the well-known game of darts?
Campers Have Fun

Those intrepid souls who braved
the wilds of the Chatham woods will
long remember those two Camp
Johnston week-ends. successfully
conducted by Bobby Van Auken.
News is that there will be more. so
you who missed out on the fun be
sure to go this winter!

Riding concluded WAA's formal

Several games have been scheduled
but the prospects for playing them
are not too good. However, plans
are going ahead with continued en-
thusiasm. A few of the coaches have
been interviewed, with interesting
results.

Sullivan Confident

Bob Sullivan. Pierce’s reknowned
coach. seems to think that his team
has what it takes to win. He named
individuals who were expected to
spark-plug the Dorm squad-Leda
La Salle, as an end; Myskania's Kit
Herdman: Gen Sabatini. blocking
back; Baker. with her running prow—
ess: aild Jean Davidson, an all-
round star.

“Best team on campus. When the
field clears up. the girls will really
prove themselves champions." says
Bob.

Frederick Arlington Shoemaker,
coach of the fierce Psi Gammas,
takes a rather philosophical atti-
tude towards the whole situation.
Upon being questioned, he looked
dreamily at the sunset behind Frie—
llofer's Bakery and said: “Having
lost several of last year's letter-
women, and having had some prom-
ising stars nailed by the draft. and
playing a suicide schedule. if we win
llalf our games. 1, Frederick Arling-
ton Shoemaker, will be surprised.”
“But.” he added significantly, “we
do have a few cute little tricks."
Kunz Praises Scramblers

The Chi Sig Scramblers have a
head start. with one victory to their
credit. Kunz has gone back to the
Army routine, leaving his team in
good shape (but good!). The news-
paper at his Post was blessed with
an amusing account of the whole
affair. “I have coached amateurs
but I have never coached profession-
als BEFORE!!!"

The elusive Mr. Fancller. Sayles
Hall‘s guide, was unable to be con-
tacted, but with such bright lights

MAA is condescending to sponsor a
mixed-doubles tournament.

In view of the fact that male
companionship is at a premium here-
abouts. one should not overlook this
opportunity to enhance one's social
life a bit. Consider the possibilities
of romance over a ping-pong table.
Any man might be fatally lured by
the trick shots and neat returns of
a girl who was truly handy with
her paddle. (We are frequently sur-
prised by the inducements we feel
called upon to offer pour le Sport).

But to return once more to our
tried and true gripe. how about a
definite tightening up of the or—
ganization of these tournaments to
prevent their going the way of all
tennis tournaments? What is need-
ed is a high handed, dictatorial boss
who will toss out all the uncoopera-
tive jerks who habitually roam
around the college, season after
season, acting as bottlenecks.

BasketEaII—D—ominates-
WAA Winter Plans

The winter program of WAA,
which officially began after the
Thanksgiving vacation. got off to a
good start with basketball practice
Monday afternoon. Other sports to
be offered are bowling. ping pong,
badminton. volley ball and fencing.

The captains of basketball. Mary
Sanderson. '45, and Mary Seymour,
‘46. ask that all those who wish to
take part ill the league this year
form teams and give their names in
before Christmas vacation so that
games can start as soon as school re-
opens. The league games are now
scheduled for Wednesday nights but
later Oil iii the season the gym will
be made available to WAA two
nights a week. Till Christmas time
practices will be held on Mondays,

 

fall program. The sport carries over as Serablan. Dalil. and Clark. the Wednesdays and Fridays to get the

into the spring. so final hours may
be completed then.

No sports survey would be complete
without mentioning the manly art
of the gridiron, therefore Why be
different? For, even without men,
State had football this year! The
clash of the season (O.K., O.K., so
it was the only oneli was that of
the Chi Sig Scranlblers to a 12-0
victory.

And thus endetil the season, aild
not with a wilimper but a bang.

girls can’t help but provide a good
show.

Tournaments Take Spotlight

The MAA sponsored ping pong
tournament got off to a speedy start
this week with Ferber’s decisive
win over Sullivan. Ferber and
Lasllil'lsky are favorites to will.

Kaufman, Hess and Sullivan are
predicted to eild up iil that order ill
the pool tourney which MAA is also
conductiilg.

teams into shape for the coming
competition.

Bowling. under the captaincy of
Clara Hill, ’45. and Eunice Smith,
'45, will take place on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons at 3:30.

Fencing is to be offered Saturday
mornings at 10 o'clock. Peg Bost—
wick, '45, will captain the sport. Last
year’s instructor, Mr. Cochran of
the English department at Milne.
has entered the armed services and a
new instructor is being sought.

 

0

y,  ‘J

 

/.
1’

.. 'lUJ

 

 

...a way to say “We are friends” to the Chinese
China knew Coca-Cola before the war. Where Coca-Cola is on hand
today, to Chinese and Yank alike, [law a “Coke” are welcome
words. Around the globe Coca-Cola stands for Ibo pause that re-
[rashes—has become a symbol of good will.

IOTTLED UNDEI AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY It

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOT’I‘LING COMPANY

Have a “Coke”: Good winds have blown you here

‘ r  WW"
“ii xiii?

  
   
   
   

 

“Coke” = Coca-Cola
It’s natural for po ular ounce
I? ucqngliie frienily abbreivia-
rum. lau w u car
Form:- e Coca-Co e r:aller.lw'é:ke".I

.L___omannc-ccts

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

2.443

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 10, 1943

VOL. XXVIII NO. 12

 

Rushing Closes
As 94 Freshmen

Join Sororities

KD, Psi Gam, Chi Sig,
Gamma Kap Get 15

When prospective members assem-
bled at the sorority houses for pledge
supper and service on Tuesday even-
ing at 5 P.M., silent period and
rushing season caille to a close.

The number of women pledged
this year exceeds that of last year
by only two. with 94 out of the 120
who attended buffet supper aild for-
mal dinner accepting pledgcslllp.
This year. four sororities filled their
quota: Kappa Delta, Psi Gamma,
Chi Sigma Theta. and Gamma
Kappa Pill.

KD pledged 15. as compared to
last year‘s 14; Psi Gamma 15 to last
year's 13. Chi Sig 15. as compared to
last year's 14; AE Phi pledged only
eight women. five less than last year.
Fifteen women were ushered into
Gamma Kappa Fill. the same num—
ber as last year. BZ obtained 14
freshmen, compared to last year’s
11. while Phi Delt pledged 12 again
this year, plus three upperclassmen.

Varied themes were presented for
last week-end's entertainment. KD
had buffet supper with a cafe atnlos—
phere. but returned to the Christ-
mas spirit for formal dinner. Psi
Gaill entertained at the dinner with
a "Candlelight Inn" theme. Chi
Sig had no buffet supper; the trim-
mings for formal dinner were red
and white. AE Phi's formal dinner
table was decorated green and white.
Gamma Kap entertained at buffet
supper with all Army Canteen; at
formal dinner the theme was nauti—
cal. BZ used Greenwich Village for
buffet supper setting. and a Roman
scheme for formal dinner. Phi Delt
had a cabaret scene for botll affairs.

Following is a list of tile sororities
and their freshman pledges:

Kappa Delta:

Joan Alverson, Sue Campbell, Vir-
ginia Day, Mary Ellen Diener. Helen
Honeycombe, Janet Inglcllart, Ger-
trude Kasper, Eunice McGlynn, Mar-
jorie O'Grady, Dorie Raymond. Dor-
otlly Rider. Patricia Russell, Ger-
trude Smith, Elsie Stockman, Elaine
Uffman.

Psi Gamma:

Helen Bode. Rose Marie Brock.
Mary Carey. Avis Chamberlain, Julia
Collier, Miriam De Cormier. Rose-
marie Devine, Jean Hembul'y. Ann
Lucsok. Joan Magrew. Ruill Mc-
Cartlly. Mary McLai'eil. Doris Pat-
terson. Mary Elizabeth Sullivan.
Christine Truman.

Chi Sigma Theta:

Jeanne R. Cavanagh. Helen Clsck.
Audrey Cox. Martini C. Dulllay,
Sarah M. Duilil. Marietta Hanley,
Betty Rose Hill, Lois E. Holstein,

(Continued on [mg/c .l’l

Sorority Poll Shows Wide Opinion Dillerences

Unsuspccilng (‘n'ccks and lndcpcn-
(Ii-ills wci'c colliii'cd in llic hulls lo
unswcr ll qucsiionnliii'c which i'c])-
i'cscnls ii conscnsus oi' opiilioil on
soi'oi'ily mics and iiciiviiics. In i'cs~
])()ll.‘d‘ lo various qucsllons pokcd ill
lhcill. sixiy Sialic Collcgc womcn
sci'iiwlcd "Yes" or "No." providing a
basis lill‘ n sorority sliipdown in
cold Ici'nls oi' pci'ccnis.

licplying lo "Would you clinngc
lllc pi‘cscni i'l'cl».hinlln quota of ill—
iccn?" Ill) pci'ccni oi llic unsu'ci‘s
l'i‘il(l “ch” ll yin-icly oi I‘l'ilidillh bciilg
glvv-n ioi' Iliis llllll'lllllll\'l‘ opinion,
"'l‘lic lill'i.‘.(‘ nuinbci' oi ii'csllnlcn
wonlcn this ycui‘." :ind "Ilici'c arc
so inuny ii'csliincii girls llull u grclii
nuinbci' oi' supci' oilcs will be lci'l.
oul" sum up Ilic gcnci'lil l'casolls for
this unswcr.

A ulcmbci' oi the Class of '47 ill
speaking ilgaiilsl the quota system
states that “all people don’t show
pl'oiiiise until others get to know
them better. and most sororities have
already pledged the maximum num-
ber allowed them."

 

Dean Asks Students’ Aid
In Class Of '48 Interviews

In an effort to select the possi—
ble centers for interviews for the
school year of 1944, Dr. Milton
G. Nelson. Dean of College,
asks all State students to inquire
as to the number of people ill
their home district who expect
to eilter State College iil 1944.
The week before Christmas will
give students ample time to un—
earth the necessary facts.

Approxilnately thirty fresh-
men will be adnliticd to the
college ill January. 1944. They
will participate ill the accelerated
course that the students enter-
iilg ill January of 1943 have al-
ready begun. This course en-
ables tlle incoming freshmen to
graduate 111 June. 1947, rather
than ill June, 1948.

State Movie Will Be Released
In Honor Oi College Centennial
toes...” Slated  ' 9 Film Will Show
For May 5, 6 I ' Campus Scenes
Tllc College will celebrate its one To Portray Incidents

llundretll anniversary of existence Characteristic of School

as a teacher training institution in
1944. The centennial celebration ' '
‘ ‘ ‘ H V In connection With the centennial
Wm “1” mlough two day‘- Ma-‘ 5 celebration of State College, a tech-
nicolor movie entitled “Tomorrow’s

aild 6.
On May 7, 1844. the State Legisla- Teachers" is being made. The film
will be released ill May.

 

   illhntlls of study. totalled twenty-

School Meetings

The faculty of the College will
represent this institution iil various
parts of the state within the next
two weeks.

Dr. Milton G. Nelson. Deail of the
College. Dr. Robert W. Frederick.
Principal of the Millie Scllool, Dr.
Allan Hicks. Professor of Guidance.
and Dr. C. Currien Sillitll. Assistant
Professor of Education will atteild
a meeting of the New York State
Association of Secondary School
Principals ill Syracuse. New York.

Dr. Frederick will deliver an ad-
dress on the topic “Does the Present
System of Academic Credits Promote
or Impede the Reorganization of
Secondary Education?” Another
speech on the prograill will be an
address by Dr. Paul Mort, Teacllers‘
College, Columbia University, en-
titled "Paying the Bills."

This meeting which is to be held
on December 22 covers the war per-
iod and also looks toward the peace
that will follow.

The last meeting of this group
took place June 7 at which time the
president represented the associa—
tion at the meeting which convened
at the Education building here iil
Albany. The meeting was called by
the State Department and was com-
posed of representatives from all the
education organizations. members
from tllc State Educational Depart-
ment, and representatives from the
Board of Regents. Tile purpose of
the meeting was to discuss the sec—
ondary school curriculum now iil use
ill the State.

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College. will spend Monday.
Tuesday and Wednesday iil New
York City at a convention of facility
illcillbcrs from all ille other State
Colleges. Tile purpose of this meet—
illg is to discuss lllC “past. pi'csclli.
and future of State Tcacllers' Col-
lcgcs."

——— by Marie Scuddei'

()i' illosc lnici'vicwcd. (iii )N'H‘l'lil
do lloi apprch oi‘ sorol'ilics limiting
lll"ll' illcnlbci'sllip lo \\'iilllcii \\’llll
siiliillil' i'cligious iii'i'ililiiions ll
“pl‘oinoics bigoll‘y. dividcs siudcnis
iillo scplli'lilc groups. [il‘lelli‘i‘h inni—
iuiions oi ii'icndsliip. and pi‘ccipi-
ililcs i'cligloiis diiici‘cnccs lili'cudy
pi'cscnl \vliicli wc iii‘c trying lo ovcr—
conic."

ture authorized the founding of the
New York i. ' _
St“ E Nmmal SChOOl' En Showing characteristic incidents
and scenes and representative stu-

rollment of the first class. entering
dents ill the college, the movie is

December 18. 1844. for nine
being produced aild enacted by mem-
bers of the faculty and student body.
Tile college life of a typical State
student ill academic training and in
_ relation with her fellow students
 and faculty. culminating in her first
position as a secondary school teach-
er, will be shown ill the movie.

nine. Tile late William J. Milne. who
was ilailled principal of the school
ill 1899. succeeded ill raising the
status of the institution to New York
State Normal College. It was ill _
1908 that the first students of a four- 
year course of study were graduated 5
l'l‘Olll'LlllS secondary scllool teacller- Shoot“, star's

training institution. Tile school re- Nancy WilcoxV '44, Director of the Spent}: in Washington Park the
ceived permission from the Board of (10"ch moving picture, “Tomorrow's "130111" ‘ﬂnd othél. college mee'tmg_
Regents in 1914 to grant baccalaur- Teachers." laces we also included When com_
eate and master's degrees and change  M W _. Filmed ‘mc .cene will 'be com i] d
I“ name to New york Conege for i0 form a SSUlld Tnovie with a guil-
TeaChC’h' niilg commentary explaining State

'P k ’ '
Moving-Up Day has been sched-    customs, organizations, and tradi-

uled to coincide with tile centennial iions.

celebration, tile date for which is B' T  ‘ ' - '
set at Friday. May 5. The tradl- '8 en ow tllgfnvilgéli 511%:l‘llllil‘0finscillzs :ceiiggdi
tional pageant and Music Council “35,- Outdoor shots of the cone
. - - . . ,. . . . . . . ge
conceit Will be supplemented by In kCClJmE With the mYSLIC SDll‘lt and activities were taken
otllcr entertainment to commemorate 0f Chl'iSLmﬂS. the Christmas PﬂCkBge Dr F10 d H -- tn I A it t;
the anniversary. is saving the major part of its pro- .  . y em 1.? ‘son' s§s an
I _ Tram f ' S L ,, ' '  . PiofessOi of Education alld Director
Alumni Day is scheduled for Sat- 5 H 01 _ an as “up?” girl to of Audio-Visual Aids to Instruction,
urday, May 6. All activities for this the swam“ bOdy' sponsored Jomtly is the producer Tile scri t for the
day will be held at the College. Tile by N‘iw‘iia“ ClUb' Stu‘jent Cm'isuan film was prepared b ‘a Sommittee
program will begin at 9 A.M. with Assocmuon' Hind Musm Councn headed by Mrs Jolln lilall Blackburn
registration of the returning. aluan and Dl'ﬂlnillllCS and Art Council, the of the Alumni‘ Facult member 1:
Tile Half-Century and Quarter Cen- “11rd feature in the “Big Ten” pm' the committee. include 5131' Jam SC:
tury Clubs will meet until 10 o’clock glam Wm be present“! WedneSda-V Hastings Dr Louis C Jones anEsDr'
when the entire group will assemble mght at 7:30 P'M' 1“ the Page Ha“ William G Hard' Th 'm itt .
iii Page Hall Auditorium. auditorium has met at. intervials dui'ginco till}1 la:
Luncheon ill the cafeteria will be PICtureSque tableaux representing three months i g
followed by a business meeting. the Chl'ismms cuSLOmSin Otherlands Wilcox Directs
During the afternoon. tile alumni “'1” be give“ in the gym by depart” Director of the movie is Nanc
willbe Show“ themovie'oTomormva mental clubs aild Milne students, Wilcox v44 who is assisted b Tree:
Teachers." undl’l' .me Sulm'yision or “19 Stuaem Alley, Janet Baxter JeanneyBailey
The Decennial Club meeting and Christian Assoc1ation. Following the June Carlson and 'Kathryn Herd:
class reunions will comprise the i'e- tableau” “‘9. pageant Will be 1”" man Seniors: and Jeannette Cos-
mainder of the Alumni Day program Sqnwd' AS Its SLOF-V' the pageant gl‘ﬂVii Balbﬁfﬂ Puma!“ and Jean
_ ' will have the age-old story of Christ- thén. Juniors San); Richards
'“9‘5 Cm‘l'l'mé’g Wm‘ 1" _Vague in” ’44. is Art Director while Helen Bush-1
poignant sentiments of the Christ- He“ .45 haS 01m. ,e f )m
 , mascs of yesteryear when sparkling ~'. -'  c I” .0. 1 .ps' .
Mm) Ellmbem Van Denbmgh' I ‘ 7 v, ‘ ngllting ls undei the supervision
Registrar mnounced that L1 1 lights met dilZAllllg snow and when of Andrew Yager of the College
C,,,.,;,,,§,,; Vimmon will b ,i “L “Hire Wats note” or the bells and janitorial staff Students assisting
H A-M he‘d inﬁrm m _ ‘95“ ad chimes of Cllristnlas being outsllout- him are Herbert Brock .44 and
“It  I,“ A  ommg it“ ed by tile black-out sirens. This Arthur Kaufma .47 ’ ’
‘4' C “55% “1 I39 WWmEd at 3'10 presentation will be given by Music n' ’
A-M- MODda-Vv January 3- Council and D and A.

Due to tllc fact that seine stu-  . . . - . - .
dents will leave for honle early next cmmmuh cm 015 Win mOVlde the

. . ,. . . ,. , I . I
Friday, the S'I‘A'ric ClllllJ-lﬁl'l News will b‘ukbmund f0! mt paEeanL bm “111 TFYOUtS For Mikado

l ,_ _. _ H _' I I . n H play all even more important part ill
(Illicl‘fll'litli‘:lrl)uLL(l on lhuisdliy instciid the program law]. in the evening. S h d I d W d d
‘5' After leaving tllc auditorium, the c e u e e "es BY
participants in the program will .
gather around a lni'gc Christmas tree , An” in? Operetta some” mee,t'
set up in Um from 01. Page Han ing next \\ cdncsdllyutlizlio  in
10 5mg Chrimmls mmls‘ Room 28. try-outs for The Mikado
‘ I I ' Will tiikc place.
Ibulﬁ‘l’l’mml “I “W 1101150 “11d Cnndiduics for the part of the
tickets Is by Newman Club. Hillel Mlltlido will be required to sing ll
has cllln'gc ol‘lllc financial report. mm of (he spin-“mt A Mm-(l [1".
A practical Hobll lll glvini; u ncgu- Mi‘mbmb “1 hm. .mmImUUFS-Wm".- ”””“ [In/"mm W". W”""”“'”
liw WU“, m “w 15 (“mm (“105mm M‘Illllllo’llli‘ Villlmlb RI'UUILH‘ HIVHIH I'll" Illiuislrr‘l will be used to choose
says that “sonic sol'orliics would be- EWIIH'H‘” "i$"“"""“""" M.“ Elm!“ Nimki 1’0“? 1'74"” I'-\' 77"" 131W"! 1”
collu- loo liii'gc; ihc llouscs on ('lllll— “mm mm li‘lmnm' FI‘IWSIII)’ 'Iclnjc' 7"" SI'll"!!! I'UI' Kl) KO: Our Grcui
bus cunllol il(‘(‘()lllllli)(lill(‘ lui'gci' “mull-HTS 1mm 60A; Min-EWHW [III/“"1” "1 VIV"“"“" 31”“ r0" PIS“
“mum.” 0m. 5mm. “Imwd “w 15 Bilsiwick and Mlll'li' DcCllcnc ii'oin Tush; '17,, Sm, Whum. [gm/N A”. A”
nmmmml “Immmnmmk. __ Ncwlnlln Club: 'Ada Silydcr and [lb/“l, rm. Yum Yum. WH.C,'1'””"“I
‘ Sonya Bulsliun Il'Olll llillcl; Nancy CH,” {Ur pimping:

 

 

 

Vacation To Begin Friday

simply 11 social club. but hero iii
Siiiic lllcy :ii'c polillcul machines
lllui hurl ii lot of pcople and inter-
i'ci'c wiih jusi clcciions."

ln conli'wsi io lliosc who dislikc ()nl' ' ' " - '

, ‘- , _ y ~- y onc uoilllin Would abolish - . , , , ,, .‘ [lilcc LiiIlc
I‘ti'llulmls bui'i'lci‘s lll soi'ol'liics Ill'l' Iiil'llliil (Iliilli'i‘, had sllc lhc oppor- 3:11:12) 51:11] Cw‘llil..li;, AX“ 1,1, “.01” M‘Wl” I"“' FWD I50; and Aluur’ and
llll‘hllllli‘li consldci' llilll o group oi Innlly. Enéubm“(Miivrilm Flair” U  ﬁlm I," 4"” II)" KHUSIHL

. .. . . . .  I . l I ' .  y. .

Jinn“ .llllllillin\(l(iliilllllllillllillll |)lill(lll(i.l ()i llic scvcniccn independents 1mm] Wuum,“ l; U“, “cull; ,ldvhir‘ lhci'c will also bc short try—outs
~ 1 ,' llll( oyli y, il'inci' who i'illcd oul lllc ipicsiionnaircs " l I i t ‘ ' “’1' U ‘ ‘ ' I I I

 ., v -. i - . , - ' " 'l‘lckcis 'li'i' already on s‘ilc ill illc 1‘ “‘1”. u [w N‘ml" “ml {0"

llii ild. hips. and llilill Illllllilill). Ail icli would likc io bclong lo a sorority. ‘ ' ‘ ‘ llic purl oi the timbre”,1 carrier

iippci'cliissiiiiiii .‘Jilli‘h llnil il i'illlhi'h
lcss conflict and oilisciislon in such
il closcly knit group as u sorority.
l'li‘l‘ opinion is lllut woiiicii who have
if coiilliloii religious background are
more iiiiilublc. Still others believe
that rushing is siiilplli'icd ii' religious
affiliations are similar.

Twenty-five women want silent
period abolished; 35 indicated their
approval of it. Oile fresh "would
like to belong to a sorority that is

'Hw‘ntyhlviw WITH” m, “n WWW“  llouscs and at u iablc ill the
inici'vicu'cd agl'cc that lcss iiiil-z ill
Illi- scincsicl' should bc devoted to
"usliliig l'i'csluiicn. lilillougli oiic
Senior S()l'(il‘ll" woman l'otc.‘ ’ '
vehciiicnily, “Niel! 'l‘lle l'liblll polite): P| Gamma Mu Meets Tonlght play the part of Poo B'l L -t
is rtoo short as it is." ‘ Clarence A. Hidley. Assistant Pro- year. Kronlau took the roll; of 
I‘wo Seniors, one Junior, and a i’cssoi' of History, will speak to Grand Inquisitor in The (‘oiidolicrs
lllcillber of '46 suggested that the the Pi Gamma Mu members at a Nora Crliillln is dil‘eICtlll 
llumber oi sororities be increased to combination social and business chorus for the first semestergwhile
il(:c(‘)l]llIl()dale the rise of students meeting tonight. The meeting will a new music instructor will diri-t
ill the incoming freshmen classes. be held at 8 PM. in the Lounge. duriilg the second semester. W

who has no liiics and whose main
duty in the opcretta is to carry an
uuibrclla over the Mikado.

David Kl‘illllllll, ii former State
student, has lili'ctuly been chosen to

Ililll of Draper. The price.
including tax. is illii'iy-i'ivc ccnis.

 

  

 

 

