STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

 

No. 8
Distributor
Collegiate Digest

November 5. 1943

VOLXXVIII
Member

Associated ('ollegiafe Press

The inidoi'grailuafo newspaper of the New York State

College for 'i‘oiielicrs; published every Friday of the. Col-
lego year by the NEWS iIoai-ii for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office, 54,373; Baxter, 2-555; Sit-ngt-l, s-asoi;
I’ickci't. 12-2752.

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY

National Advertismg Servnce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON A“. New YORK. N. Y.

cuicAao ' Boston I L0! Moms - 5"! romance

I he News Board

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

MARY B. STENGEL
JANET K. BAXTER - -
JANE PICKERT - -
LILLIAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KILEY - .
SUNNA COOPER _ -
JANE HEATH - - -
DOROTHY MEYERS .

M79711!“ 2

All coiiinillnlcaiions should Iit' addressed to IIlt‘ editor and
must be signed. Nana-s will lu- withhold upon request.
The S'I'A'l‘l'l t‘til.l,I'Itil'l NEWS assumes no responsibility
l'oi' opinions expressed In its columns oi' coiiiiiiiinicalions
its such expressions do Iioi iii-ei-ssiirlly refit-ct ts \'II'\V.

Double Task

The United States is entering its third year of
war. For three years now State's scholastic and
social curriculum has been influenced by the war.
Some aspects of college life have changed little,
but none have escaped the effects of the war entire-
ly. ()ther school activities have been overshadowed
almost completely since the war began. To deplore
all these changes would be futile. Occasional rem—
iniscing of "the good okl days” is the only luxury
we can allow ourselves since our real task lies in
doing our part as citizens of the United States, as
future teachers, and as students of a State teacher—
training institution. ()ur duties are fairly well-
outlined for us, and we are offered innumerable
opportunities to fulfill these duties. To do so does
not mean an eclipsing of the customary college cur-
riculum. Rather, it involves diverting college activ-
ities with the emphasis upon the war and post-war
problems. And still the essentials of college life
will remain.

Scholastically we must conccnf'atc tipon our
vocations as teachers. We must justify our spend-
ing four or five yiars in school by doing what the
stat: and the country expects of us. .»\bsorbing an
education should not become a parasitic process.
We need not wait until we complete college to
begin otir contributions to society. We have a job
to do. NOW. ()ur responsibilities are just as clear-
cut and binding as those of any defense worker.
None of us can afford to sit back and wait until
we graduate. We must make the most‘ of our
classes by fulfilling attendance requirements and
by completing assignments thoroughly. "(letting
by” merely does the joli half-way. No employer
condoiies inadequately finished work. (.‘an We cx—
pcct to be pampered simpr because we are attend-
ing college?

The extra-cui'ricular angle calls for a wartime
interpretation also. War Activities (Touncil and thc
“liig ’l'cn” enterprise outline our course here. All
types of war work are offered. We can gauge our
choices according to the amount of time we can
donate. 'l‘he “llig 'l'en" offering supplies oppor—
ftiiiity for almost effortless cooperation with the
war effort. And both WA(‘ and the "llig 'l‘cn”
co—ordinafc class and extra-class work with the war.

With such Wt‘li-tit’flllt‘tl tasks, such obvious op-
porlunifics, how can We fail to make our toner
liiifioii as citizens?

Youth

Stati- f'ollegt- him its fit-st to grow up. Hygiene
and lid lfl lectures on fixatioiis or defense mechan—
isms rcccivc avid attention. l"i't-sliiiicn coiiscicn<
fiously duplicate the clothes and mannerisms of
the more sopliisliiafcd members of the student
body. The best possible adult conversation is
quickly adopted for bull sessions. ‘\iitl iii flicsc
measures. Slate (‘ollege succeeds.

individually or in small groups, silltit‘lllx man
age to demonstrate their maturity. They look and
talk like college students aware of that maturity.
llut when several small groups and individuals
assemble in ’age Hall, a vicious hangover from
childhood or early adolescence is evident. to a lit—
tle matter of conduct, State ('ollege. fails miserably.

Iiigglt‘s at a forgotten line, a falling picture, a.
sound effect ill~tinied giggles Ilillfl and loiig during

an All play serve to embarrass artists and to dem—
onstrafe immaturity.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1943

Communications _

To the Editor:

There was a letter to the editor
in last Friday's issue of the News
griping about Ryan’s column, War
Fronts. It seems that someone
would like more war news and less
ooinion on the internal affairs of
the country.

There is no doubt that Ryan has
done a wonderful job of interpreting
the news from the battlefronts of
the world. But Time. Newsweek,
and other magazines also have very
competent news analysts. and these
publications are easily accessible to
anyone wanting to keep up on the
"Allied gains or losses."

The internal conditions of our
country are not as smooth as we
would like to have ourselves believe.
Our enemies are not only in foreign
countries, but they are here within
our own borders also. Even at the
present when America is striving
for unity these home-grown fascists
are spreading their doctrine of hate
and disunion.

I am not contending nor do I
believe that the persons about
whom Ryan writes in her column
are enemies of our country. On the
contrary, I think that they are
sincerely trying to further the war
effort. However, there are many
people who cannot, or will not,
think nationally about what they
read and hear. These people must

Geawet and

Gated/la

be given the other side of the ques-
tion.

It Westbrook Pegler can write
his opinions in a syndicated column
read by millions of people. or if
Burton Wheeler can make a speech
in Congress concerning his opinions
of the war. then Rhona Ryan can
at least be allowed to present the
Opposing views in the STATE COLLEGE
News.

IIarold Feigenbaum, '43
.To the Editor:

You know that old sayingw‘ﬁl
dilldr, (l dollar, (1 If) o’clock. scholar,
wlml makes- you come so soon, you
it..st to come (it If) o'clock, but now
you. come at noon?" Well, that
applies to me I'm always late to
classes.

Now I'm not really writing this
letter for myself. It's my profes—
sors; I worry about them so. I
don't mind walking into class a
half hour late, but it take so much
out of my poor profs. Their nerves
seem to get edgier. and they seem
to get more frazzled by every addi-
tional late appearance. Yet they
have too much respect for me to
say anything. (Oh yeahli

They know it isn't my fault that
the school bells never ring on time,
or never ring.

WELL, WIIY DOESN'T SOME-
BODY I)() SOMETHING?

The Belle of the Mountain.

 

 

 

The above title announces sonic-
what sfarflingly, we'll admit. what.
has done. happend to our hallowed
01' column “War Fronts." You see,
it's like this—Afor the benefit of all
those malformed little minds v ho
criticize my handling of the rows.
A column becomes inevitably the
creation of its writer. It. gets It‘ be
sort of your child, your purpose in
life, your hobby. It may have start-
ed out years ago as a sober synopsis
of the war. but. if you'i'e Ryan,
you're capable of a sober attitude to-
ward events of the world.

When Ryan sits at this typewriter.
she talks. She talks to a varied
collection of people, who read her
column. Most of the people who
react her column are in favor of the
latest style, whereby she spends her
time on one subject that has cap-
tured her somewhat. frenzied fancy
during the week. It may be she's
in a rage at Burton. that, old dear.
or at. Westbrook chler. She just.
writes about that one subject.

While the column was entitled
“War Fronts." there may have been
a legitimate objection to lliat policy.
It came as a complete surprise to
learn that illt'l't' wore people who
had the child-like. fi'iisfing, and
beautiful faith to think they could
gather a week's news in these nio-
nicntous times by reading a soul-
less synopsis between Assembly an-
nounct-nienfs.

Ryan will go into that Illllt' prob—
b-ni. btif first she utilitnliit'cs flial
the new title of lllt' column now
allows her lull sway hi lll‘l' favorite
occupation talking nboiil subjects
that happen to interest llt'l' .if the
monienl.

For those tiul\'t' souls who thought

Weekly Bulletin._.

.II'I\\I'ZI.It\ I)I(I\I.
'flo- .\lii‘lii innit ji\\Iif\ iiill-i‘iliili
'oi' Ib- iii-ii In --~‘l'\|ln \\lll confiniic
iin‘il \o\ 'Jl 'I'ioir-f- \‘lt'l llillltli iii
i'i-ii‘iillnlti Ill Iii‘,.'<'l in tin

Illlii\

I.I'.l"ll.lth ItI ~I'.II\ItI.\II.\

l illlltti'

lioi. \\|ll in i |l||Hl .n ilo mull
litit oi limp. r oppo llt' ilo i’ti llll
illilliilllll \\lili't' aniliiil- |Itl|\ l',_‘ll up
io urlli Io :‘IIIII‘ l'olhigw non limit in
tho ti'\l"l‘ l'oi'iini li.nl.tif Ilt \\.ii'
I-illlil'li will ili~lrfliii|u lln- llllli-

31'.”
\ll SauloiH iilio IIII‘t iioi \Il oi.

llfilI‘II Ilo fr foiil r- at" i't‘ltlii‘ulf'll to fill
~~n .i». ~.imii .I'v Iltlwwililt

.\|l IllllII'I'“ must Ill' I'l'IllillItI to tin-
h’llll tlIIII't' iu-l‘oi'i- 'l'ininingiiing \aca
ion

IltlIIIS lil'llilil'.
.\.-»~~i IIII'I‘I‘IIII' 311‘”.

by IIIIONA RYAN
that. Ryan was capable of giving
them the nt-ws of the week in one
full swoop of two hundred words.
Ryan humbly submits these little
suggestions: One. lurii on the radio
once a day to one of those five initi-
ute summaries of' the news. You'll
get twice as much about the one
day's activities as she could give
you foi' a week. Two. if that takes
too iiiticli of' your oh. so precious
time. then, on your way to those
hours spent in the Boiil. glance
quickly at the headlines on the.
newspapers outside that little sfoi'c
half way down the street. You'll
get. the same information the way
that Ryan was able to give you on
Friday mornings.

But. seriously, this whole problem
is a lot. more weighty than the f'act
that someone confessed she got all
her news by reading that one sum—
mary. It would seem that. supposed
f'iiturc teachers, and supposed stu-
dcnsf would find a little time to keep
up on what happens in this wide,
wide world. We're living in a time of
change, of' revolution. of limitless
horizons. flow can \\’t' possibly take
an intelligent part as volt-rs mid,
let's hope, active citizens in the
world of' tomorrow, it We don‘t. even
read the daily iichpapt-i's? It's a
lovely. lovely coiiiiiiciif.iii'y on the
future of Alllt‘i'l'tl. education. and
us Hfate C()llt‘.‘,t‘ students. that we're
so busy with piddling activities
around llt'l't' that we place all the
responsibility for garnering the news
of the week on a piddling columnist
like ltlionii Ryan! it just ain't iii-
ft-lllgi'nf! l"or heaven's sake, let's
wake up, and i't'.‘tti flic [Mi/ii .‘V: ics,
if We have to. but l't'tltl soinil/iiin/
about current t-venfsl

t\l.I'2\Il.\lI

\oi It l‘rn-fiinvn .IIiII .\'ojilioiiit»i‘u~-
honI Ioi Ir: lini.in haunt l' l.’ Illi to .l flu
' \

\...\ i‘. I'ltl II-fll \llllttll.ll I.||fi'l|
will i I' \I .i‘ It‘ll Iil*l.llll'.l||l

\.ll|tl|t|i tltII I‘iiliiii l-i ll .Hl
\I\|lli \\I til. I. i' \I

o I. hull: ||i\i|.iii ili\ l'.irii
lion. \ to |' l’ \I |HIII tutti] Ill t'oni
IlllIiIl Illili IllI Iitliilillllli ii|i|\
Iniml lIIill\ |l\t‘lll|l‘

\wt ‘.i \liisic I'ouinil i.:i-~i:.i| It
loittin. pio,:i fill in |.oon;. |.' to I .'.n
I.

\l't ',i \IIIIlILJi lII~tI| .ion spoil
mi i.\ \.i\io.in t‘lob .ii \t-niniii
Hall I l’ \I

\oi H \II plan l‘.i;.'c Il.i|i .\iiili
lIil'llilIt ~ .Lo I' \l Himiiiil .\1Illll.\h|l|it
l- in prcst-niation of Student 'l'.i\

\II\ in Net-unit of Hi; Top, ti.i\
\lfllilt" Iil'\lit' v|liil \t[Il-II'I' dancing
l‘.i;:-- l|.i|i .\inlitoriuiii. \ l' \I 'l‘lcki-ls,
|llll'i_\ Il\t' t't-illn.

.\'o\ if \llt‘ltlilti t'luli choir i'cln-ai‘
mil. Tito l‘ .\i. Newman lfall.

 

low

as

or

By KIPI’Y MARSH

THE CRITIC GOES TO ALL-STATE SPECIAL

If critics must stand fifteen minutes trying to find
a place to sit down, and shimmy around for an hour
and a half in a dancing space two by tw - the least.
the very least that can be done, is to make inem enjoy
themselves. Well. we did.

There were hundreds of good things to be said for
All-State Special. The patrons played bridge like
professionals and the entertainment was enjoyed by
everyone. However, since we are a critic we have to
find something vitriolic to say. So we shall go to the
singer for the evening, a certain Miss M . . She wan-
dered around the stage. dressed up in funny clothes
looking ill at case. There is something to be said for
Miss M . . . in that she is the only "cowboy" blues"
singer at State. Otherwise 'twas sad, 'fwas sad.

N0 INNI'ICNIIOES

Our allegory last week. much to our astonishment
was met with a great deal of comment. We should
like to say that the thing was written in two minutes
to fill tip space that was left and that we did not
have an object except to express our contempt of those
few people who deliberately spread malicious rumors
about those who hold the many positions of responsi-
bility in the school.

(15'!) NOTE: We «(icons- .s-oi/ llll‘l'l' is litillIlIfN li/rc
(/clliiiy Hill of .S‘lllilfjllillljj so ll‘t‘ Inrn I/ic column ril‘I‘I'
lo 11 man of Ilic i'imii', Georg/(r Hiiiiz, popular b'llllcr
noic Irtlt'iny/ his .sr minor icilli Uncle Sunni
('(iMI’ANY A'l"I‘ICN-IIll’I‘l A’l‘ CASE!

For the second time in 15 months, ye author wa.K
taught in a draft. oiily this time it was less shocking
than the first time. The shortage of masculitn
assistance on the News staff necessitated this draft
to give the men in the service a soldier's viewpoint.

A careful analysis of the State vocabulary showed
that most of olii' “(.‘l Jory/on" was unknown to the
students. So with the double interest of educating
them and letting you know all the latest about Staff-
in anti out of the Service, we begin . . .

A caution to “furlough kids" watch those new
floors they sure are slippery. lint then you have the
advantage of being able to sneak tip on the girl of’
your dreams unheard.

Among the grad students here in school is llob
Henry, '-ff), recently honorably discharged from the
Army. He would like to hear from some of his old
State pals—~especially Al Parker and Irv Bliss. If' it's
no military secret. someone give out with the dope.

With a 15 day furlough, “sweated out" for 8 months.
tucked in his pocket. Bob Hartman, (ix-'43 man-about—
collegc left Florida, the land of liquid sunshine for thi
happy weeks in Albany and vicinity. Whilc seated in
the Boul admiring the murals. he received a call from
his malt-r informing him of a fclegi'aiii inviting his
immediate return to camp. The redeeming feature is
that Bob's long awaited ASTP applict'ition has been
accepted and he returns to Florida oiily to pack his
barrack bags for college.

The service flag of Illt.‘ Brierton f'aiiiily of Wafcrvlict
shows two sfai's— one foi' ('pl. Tom and one for I’t'e.
Mary. bofli formerly of State and now in the Marine
Corps. Tom is now in Illf‘ midst of' a 40 day con ’nlt's-
rant furlough, having just returned from action. He
modestly displays a elicstfiil of ribbons among which
is the Purple l-f -arl. And the stories that boy can felt
would make a USO soldier blush. He proved though,
that his right elbow was still in good shape and he
bent if as in days of old.

Joe Higgins of the Airborne Artillery was seen fit
a local hot spot by your reporter. [if' was too busy to
do much on his day pass from Fort Bragg, but llt‘
does want if known that. “just cause i wear a whistle
don‘t make me an MP." OK .loc.

Nti’l'lt‘lil. AVISA, ISIQKANN'I‘MAHIl'Nt-l. I'WAGA!

To all lucky enough to get a furlough. learc, pass.
delay en route, oi' who just go plain AWOI. if you
know any new, different service songs. poi-ins or par-
(idles and plan to introduce llicin to the State (.‘ollci't-
public. the "proper channels of military conimunicii—
lion" are in order. Drs. Huylcs and Nelson have ap—
pointed themselves a board of military censorship. and
only items which puns this board are to be allowed
public expression. 01' at least. so if is rumored.

Signal '(Foi‘ps I'f'c. Leo (trifi'iii flnslu-d a message to
Jerry (it'liilt'l' and they now have their wires crossed.
And so anotlici' (ll will go liilo lllt' (il'tlt'l'l\’ i'ooiii lo
maki- out an allotment tor the Mrs. tank from thora-
who arc still on the loose.

I'vt. ('oi'miic "’l"l‘("’ ('appon may show up in Albany
this wcckcnd it Hi“ can ship liimst-lf viii ponv t"-'lil't"v-.‘~
from Denver. (‘oloi‘otio Most of' lil‘. [I'll dtiv tlt'iil\
en i'olif" will probably be spent on Ihc train but Ihcn
that too can Ill‘ fun I

li'i‘om Merchant Mtlt'ilil' lVlidsliipinon's School at
lx’iiig‘s l’oiiil. N Y. M .llt'scliter writes that he'd likc
to hear from ainonc who plans to get a furlough noon
Ht) i guess Al \till bc hcui'ing iroiii just about all of
yousc guys III‘ says that eventually he'll lit' l'llllllllli’
a ship of liii. own and lint it Washington Park baffli-j
ship t-ilhcr.

Well, this stuff" 1:. fun. for me anyway, but l'l‘lilt‘lll-
her. on furlough il 'young sei'gcanl's fancy turns to
other things. So. with the hope that those fiu'loui'lis
you're all sweating out become realities in the near
futurc. and that. your (iti's and iopvkicks don't i'o
:rlltlt'kt'll our it’ltillt, we close and attend to the othf‘t'
icasui't-s o .in most blessed of f 's i‘ ‘
(‘UMI’ANY A’I"l‘l‘2N'l‘~lIll'l‘! lilHlIllllh‘lh‘Elil!munuhu‘

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1943

Oslo Dancers, Guest of D & A,

AE Phi Sponsors New Drive
For Collection of Junk Jewelry

Flashy! Bright! Shinyl Even
grandma’s are acceptable. Not for
false teeth is this request made. but
for “junk jewelry." the baubles
thrown in the corner of the drawer
—trinkets every girl receives for
Christmas and gives to her little
sister.

This drive for jewelry which will
last from November 1 to 24 is not
the result of a mania acquired by
a study-mad sophomore, but AEPhi
introduces it in the form of a new
and different war effort under the
leadership of Harriet Grecnburg.
Class of ’46. The trinkets will be
used by soldiers in the South Pacific
to trade with natives in exchange for
articles they need.

Each group house will have a box
in which the “junk jewelry" may be
deposited, and onc's pct. atrocities
may be added to the general contri-
bution with no one the wiser. Boxes
in lower Draper will be provided for
commuters. The entire collection
will be sent to the ’I'welf'fh Night

USAFI To Aid
Ex-Service Men

College students now in the arm-
ed forces will find at their disposal
the U. S. Armed Forces Institute
upon completion of the war or dis-
charge from the service. The Iii-
stifufe has been established to aid
the returning military personnel in
establishing a normal way of life.

This agency at Madison, Wiscon-
sin. acts as a central clearing house
of information on college credit for
military experience. The institute
will assemble all information on
service activities of an educational
nature to any person requesting it.
The material will be sent to Illt'
school or college of Illt' person's
choice.

Through extensive discussions on
the post-war world, colleges agree
that service lllt‘ll and women rcfurn—
ing to campuses after the war should
be granted scholarships to study any
subject "from English to engineer—
ing oi' law." A broader t-duzafionnl
program which will include refresher
courses as well as liberal arts and
other usual curricula is advocated.

An attempt will be made by
present-(lay colleges to .tvoid lllt‘
mistake made after the last. war of'
assuming that only vo'afionai edit—
cation is of value to the returning
armed forces.

in various post-war discussions, a
conclusion has been reached that.
there should be some type of plan-
ning to gear flicii' graduates to the
needs of' post—war industry. This
may be nccoiiiplishcd by relating
their educational program to the
technical and professional needs in
college areas.

Sonn- collcgt-s l)"lif‘Vt‘ that national
surveys should be employed to obtain
information on potential ciiiploynn-nl
needs. This malt-rial could be used
as a guide for the students.

Roe Fills Presidency
At Sayles Hail Dorm

tiiiylcs llall, occupied by womcn
this Mac for lllt‘ first lllllt‘, llf'l(l
Iltlllmf‘ “it‘t'lltifi‘. ()t‘itilit'l' L’li, tliltl
necessary i'c—ioling took place 'i'iu-s-
day. .illllt'l ltoc. '»i-|. temporarily
acting :i‘. l’rcsidcnl. nus unaninious-
ly t'lltirt'li to t'tiiillllllt‘ tli llt'l' cxi-cii-
Il\.l' |io:.itioii

tl:illl l-it‘i‘nlilitli. "if. \\lli tililt'litit'
up \‘icc l’i't‘.‘.ltlt‘itl. \\llli lit'flll 'l‘tscli—
lt'l' it». as:.i.~-.Iiiu' as Hi-ci'cfary Itil'
lllt‘ dorm Hinton (‘oopt-i'. "to. was
t'lt‘tlt'tl 't'it-asuici ‘l'in- Sophomore
fii'tl Ilt"»lllllt'll it-pii I'IIIiIlI\“.‘i ul'c
l\i:iii H"\llltilll‘, 'ifl and June ih‘aifh~
\I'ailc '-l'l

Hayics |.‘. entertaining the llnion
('tilli'gc (‘nticls at an tilit‘ll Iltillftl' lo-
llltil'l‘th night ilt'lt'lt l.;t\\loii, "i-i.
ii. (it‘lll'l'ill ('lian'niuii for tho affair

Phi Delta Luncheon

l’lii licltn Sorority will hold its
annual Aliiiiiiil Luncheon at .lack’s
Restaurant tomorrow at 1 PM. A
combined ltiltillliltt' and faculty fen
will follow at bat Myrtle Avenue.

 

Club in New York, being shipped
from there direct to the South Paci-
flc.

Here is an opportunity for
“Stately” maidens to get rid of
novelty pins and such.

Brighter bracelets attract bigger
and better crowds, so State College's
collection of' trinkets ought to attract
bigger and better i 'ade agreements.
Here's hoping that we don't get them
as Christmas gifts when “he” comes
back!

Members of the general committee
are Lorna Kunz and Annette Kochn.
freshmen. and Rosemary Wcskc and
Sylvia Trop. Sophomores.

Students in charge of the jewelry
collection in their respective group
houses are as follows: Morcland
Hull. Beatrice Wheeler, '45. Mary
Maiiion. '44. and Doris Dikeman. '47;
Plil Delta, Anne Ludingfon. '44:
Pierce ifall. Marie Licbl. '46. Peggy
Palmafier and Julia Collier. fi'csh-
inch; Farrel Mansion. Virginia
Milne. 'itl, mid Selma Elli-n Bond.
‘-i7; Stokes Hall. Helen Cisek and
Anita Dchgge. freshmen. and Louise
Parker. ‘45: Nelson I‘lall, Lillian
Abraham. '46; Beta Zeta. Doris
.leiiks. ‘46.

 

l Ninety Siudenfs Donated
To Albany Blood Bank

The plasma of the students
who donated blood yesterday.
State College Day at illt‘ Albany
iilood Bank. will be sent to New
York City tonight; from there
it is being sent directly to the
war fronts.

Ninety students registered for
State College Day. The majority
of the students who attended
between 10:30 AM. and 3:30 PM.
were from the Sophomore and
Junior classes. The names of
this year's blood donors hayi-
been placed on the Honor Roll in
the Commons.

(lcoi'gla fiardt-sfy, '44. Chair-
man, commented on the Blood
Drive, "(living blood is one of the
most direct \'uys that you can
help the war effort. It has been
very successful so far this year.
mid everyone has tried to co—
operate."

Ncwmaii Club will sponsor a
Newman Cliib Bank Day after
’l‘hanksgiving va ration. Register—
ing for the donations will be in
a regular meeting.

 

 

 

Forum Sponsors
Letter Writing

I"til'lllll. backed by Wni' Activities
(‘oiincil cxpccfs to prove the old
l)l'ti\'t'f'l) that "news travels fastest
\‘ia woman" with the initiation of
its lt-ticr writing activity this after—
noon.

iiiiincdiafcly following Assembly. a
chart will be posted on lllt' wall
ti]i|ni:«lft' flll' Publications ()f‘ficc Ill
Lower i)rupcr ilall. where students
may sign up to pni'ficipafc in llllh
pi'tijccf.

The purpose is foch cvcry student
m the (‘oilt'gc writing to a Hittlt‘
man oi' woman in lllf‘ service. Not
only will this activity aid in lit't’ll-
fin: accurate records of ht'i'\’lt'l'llll‘ll
and illt‘ll' change of address. and
kccp Illt' files of the New. and Dr.
.ioncr. up to date. but letter—writing
plays a pai'i in morale

’l'lic res]ionsibilily foi' this war
activity is ('f‘lllt'l't'ti in a ifli'Hl' t‘tilil—
llllllt‘t', ll":t(lt'(l in til'llllilt‘ Moore tlllti
(it‘l'll'litll' l\'l_\t-i'~., Hciiitii':.. ltllti (‘ui‘ti~
linc ila:.lii'oiicl-:, ‘»l."i

l‘illitlt'iilr. \\Ill have this llllt'l'lltltill
.o d all llt‘\.l week to sign up 'i'lic
following work. each student who
has ..ui,ncd to iizll‘flt'lintl“ in this \\tll'
activity “1” l‘t't‘t'll‘l' tlii- nann- and
atldrcss of a soldier through the
:.lll(It'lll mail.

.icninic tlulici. "H. Hpt'ukci' of
li‘orum and tenth llincs. “iii, Student
(‘han'inini of War (‘ouiicil. urge that
cat-h student \I'l'iil‘ as soon as the
necessary information is l't't‘t‘IVt'tl.
'i'lic l‘t‘illl'ii address of the letters
in reply are. to be carefully checked
with the head committee.

Services Prefer

V-Mail Letters

Navy DepartmentStates
System Speedier, Safer

 

Because of the increased volume
of overseas mall. the Third Naval
District Headquarters has issued
another appeal for the use of V-Muil
in writing to Servicemcn.

Naval District. Headquarters re-
quests that everyone take advantage
of the convenience of V-Mall. Offi~
clals point out that V-letters weigh
only l/90th as much as regular mail.
On V-Mail film. 1700 letters, more
than half a bag of regular mail,
can be sent in a container slightly
larger than a package of cigarettes.
V-Mail makes possible the utiliza-
tion of every bit of vital cargo space.
(‘oiivenient and Speedy

This relatively new system of
sending mail overseas is not. only
convenient. but it is also speedy.
Correspmidcnce between America
and Africa usually arrives at its
destination in less than 20 days; be-
tween America and India. in a little
over a month. One to two weeks is
the speed of mail between service-
men stationed in England and their
correspondents in the States.

The Navy points out that V-Mail
is the safest way to send letters over-
seas. Planes carrying V-Mail are
under the ‘tll'OIIII supervision of the
Army and Navy.

[teaches (‘ombat Areas

For the first time in the history
of the war. mail has reached men
in the trenches and in combat areas.
An example is cited that in North
Africa one Army Post Office man—
ned by former civilian postal clerks.
dug its quarters fifteen feet under-
ground on a much—bombed airfield
in order to put the mail through.

V-Mail stationery is given away
free at any post office. It. is sold
at all drug, department. and five
and ten cent stores. If is inexpen-
sivc.

Any information that can be writ-
ten in regular mail will go V-Mail.
Military officials advise that ad-
verse conditions about. fai'in and
industry are military secrets. as is
the weather. It is also suggested
that material of' a complaining
littllll’t' be omitted.

StB Asks For Folders

Miss Doris Kelly, Assistant Direc—
tor of the Student. l'lniploymcnf
Bureau, requests that. all Seniors
who have not yet obfaiiied their
folders do so as soon as possible.

All folders must be returned to
Miss Kelly before ’l‘hanksgiving
vacation.

 

Emil .I. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario at Benson 5f.

PAGE I

To Portray Music of Old Spain

 

 

Slow moving shadows. soft moon-
light and mellow music, or perhaps a
Fiesta under a burning sun with its
bright colors and gay laughter—these
and many other settings typical of
old Spain will be portrayed on the
stage of Page Hall by Teresita and
Emilio Osta. Dramatics and Arts
Council will present these talented
artists to the College on November
13 at 8:30 PM.

The Ostns. brother and sister.
who were born in California, are
direct descendants of natives of the
Basque country of Navarre, a section
of' Spain long noted for its musical
accomplishments.

During their numerous travels
through Europe. South America and
Mexico. the Ostas have collected a
repertoire of' authentic music and
dances dating back from centuries
of old Spanish culture. To gather
all this information they lived with
the natives of Spain. learning the
music of these people first hand. At
this time. the Ostas added to their
collection of‘ f'olk dances the music
and rhythm of the "Flamenco" or
gypsy dance, and the distinctively

 

Freshmen And Sophomores
To Hunt Banner Tomorrow

Rivalry spirit. of the fresh and
Sophs will be weighed again to—
nioi'row. with the freshman ban-
ner in the balance. The banner
will be hidden by Myskania. and
both classes will hunt. from 12:30
tiiifil 5:30.

At the banner hunt on October
to. the freshman banner was
found by the Sophomores, biiz.
taken possession of by Myskania
after the injury of one of the.
freshman girls in the scuffle.

The freshmen continued to
hunt for the Sophomore banner
iiiifi1523tiubiit. in vain. The Soph
l)tlllllt'l‘ was later removed from
the campus and is now in the
possession of the Sophomore
class A hidden somewhere in
Albany.

 

 

 

 

GOOD FOOD

iii a I"l‘it‘lltll)',
(‘oinf'oi‘iablc

At iiiosphei'c

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

IRC Outlines Year's Plans

The International Relations Club
program for this year will iii-
clude student panel discussions on
U. S. foreign relations policies, guest
speakers. and attendance at the
Foreign Policy Association lectures.

GUSTAVE LOBEY
STUDIOS

 

l’hone Il-lTil-i

 

colorful peasant dances which were
characteristic of the festivals In the
ancient kingdom of Aragon.

Teresita became interested in
Mexican dances. and. as a result.
she went to live with an Indian
tribe for several months. During
her visit, she added to her musical
knowledge dances dating back to
the days of the Aztec Empire. In
the state of Nuhoran she studied
the tribal dances and compiled them
into one routine, her “masked num-
her.”

The Aztec dances alone did not
attract the attention of these artists.
During their journey through the
interior of Peru they studied the
music of Inca rituals. Other native
South American dances included in
their repertoire are the “Jorop” of
Venezuela, the "Queca" of Chile and
El Zaro" of Argentina all of which
will be included in next Saturday's
program.

Teresita floats across the stage in
her colorful costumes, while Emilio

accompanies her on the piano.
Emilio, an accomplished pianist.

provides the background for the
living pictures Teresita creates.

Music Council
To Play Classics

Music Council is offering the stu-
dent body a musical appreciation
hour every Tuesday f'rom 12 noon
to 1:30 PM. in tiic Lounge, iii order
to compensate for the lack of Music
Courses in the College curriculum
this year.

The first meeting. Tuesday, will
be supervised by Jean Chapman. '45,
who played a lead in last year's
Operetta. and Frederick Wolfnsky,
'47, who has appeared before State
College audiences with piano selec-
fioiis.

Compositions for Tuesday's pro-
gram will include Dvoruk's Sym—
phony No. 5. “From the New World,"
and the "Quartet in A Major” by
Schumann.

Some of" the finest. classical music
will be played throughout. the year.
including works of Beethoven. Mo-
zart, and Shostakovich. Lighter
classics may also be included later.
All faculty members and students
are invited to attend.

Eli State Street

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY & 00.

lit-parfiiieni Store

North l’ 'ttl'l Street, Albany. N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR Hit YEARS

 

 

KIMMEY'
HOLSUM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

l\'|.l'3lrl.'-.'\lAlli \\'lll‘I.-\'l‘
litilﬁllhl (‘llAt‘Klilii \l’lllilA'l‘
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

S BREAD

t WHITE BREAD i

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

I...‘...w-u_ra..i‘ 'Lusw

 

