 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class of I9I8

Friday, March 5, 1943 No. 19
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Callagiall Diger

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Sievin. 2-9728; Burrows. 2-2752

 

Vol. XXVII

 

IIPIIIINTIO IO. NATIONAL ADVIIVIIINC IV

C I
NationalniivertisingServlco,lnc.
Callus Pub/[Mm RIM-mini!”
420 MADIeoN AVE. le YORK. N. Y.
cuicaso - nosrun - Los Alert." - BAR "silence

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY }
'R. MURIEL SCOVELL
v- CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - . - . - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY . . . - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

us.»-

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in Its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

EDITORJN-CHIEF
- - - CO-MANAGINO EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

 

 

Example: Kharkov

Hitler's “New Order" iii Europe clearly mani-
fested itself ill a Urtitcd l’ress dispatch front
Kharkov. Russia, last Monday. We quote ver-
batittt from tlte New York 'l‘nnes:

“'I'hcy burtted and blasted tlte principal build-
ings of the Uttiversity of Kharkov. closed twenty
research institutes arid slttrt the city's l07 set:-
ondary schools that had been attended by more
than l00,000 students.

“Dmitri Andt'eviteh Korncyenko. Professor of
Organic Chemistry at tlte University of Kharkov
and head of tire city‘s Department of Education.
s'aid otily the first live grades of Russian elemen-
tary schools were permitted to function attd these
otrly for two and a frail of the sixteen tnonths
the Germans held Kharkov.

“Professor Korncyenko said the Germans be-
gan by stripping the well-equipped laboratories,
sending the tttost valuable equipment to (fer-
many. He said platinum and silver instruments
arid quantities of equipment were looted front
the iafmratories arid shipped to the Reich.

“'l'hcn the reign of terror began. 'l'wenty
tlrottsand volumes from Kharkov's St'iCllililt
laboratories were burned. Newspaper files were
destroyed. 'l'he printipai ttniversity buildings.
including the stientiiic builditgs. law school arid
the Unversity (Ilttb were bttrned atrd blasted.
'l'ime bombs were exploded ill the biology,
physits, matlteinatits. tlretnistt'y, geology atid
geography buildings.

"'l'liottsands of professors were rcdured to liv-
ing by odd jobs. ()thet's sold tttatthes' and soap.
.\lost were reduted to selling titeir furniture attd
personal belongings oil the open rttarket to pro-
ttilt' food."

What we hate quoted aboye proyides the
irrefutable eiidettte of destr'ttttion on whith
L‘Hfl'y person tonterned with the future of edu-
tatiott tiittst ponder aitd t't‘llttlltlt‘l'. ltt liltat'koi
we see the pattern oi .\'a/i toirqrtest. as we hare
seen it ill l.i(litt‘, ill Rotterdam attd lil Watsaw.
littt the tape oi ls'ltarkoi hits further home. lot
in it we see air outstanding repetition oi pre-
t'ous atttttks by tire .\'a/is and also the Japanese
on the foundations oi a il't't' sot ier through its
edttttttiortai institutions. l‘ttl lllllt'l ill l‘illl'tlllt'
attd lop) ill .\sta tetogrri/e only too well that
where lllt'll seek the titttlt ttrrhatnpered by swords
ol llamotles. libt'ttr :titd llt‘t'tltllll will eternally
llottttslr.

lilt‘ lesson for all of its is plain. lilt‘ war of
\\l|l(l| we are .tll .r part is a war for nothing bttt
the lillt'titl on of the mind. l’eryt-tted stiertte.
exploiting llli' foot of other kirttrkois. threatens
the \t‘l\ t’\isit'llt(‘tti unenlightened .lllll humane
\Hitltl.

()m llllltlt'tlliilt‘ job is the tomplete destttie
ttott oi the lottes opposing trs. ()tti long-range
task is the rehabilitation oi the thought oi men
t'\t'l\\\lit‘i(' looking toward tlte tretttion of a
\\tttitl ill \\ltltll etttlr itrditidttal has no other
status than a tilt/I'll oi the planet Earth.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY MARCH 5, 1943

War Fronts by Hippick

Entire Jap Convoy Destroyed;
Cologne, Berlin Rocked by Bombs

The most momentous Allied vic-
tory in the ever increasing number
of enemy routs of the past week
was the complete annihilation of a
24-ship Japanese convoy bound for
New Guinea. All but two ships
were battered beyond possible re-
pair—the number included 12 cargo
and troop ships and 10 escort war—
ships. 15,000 fully—equipped troops
were destroyed, and approximately
ﬁve dozen protector ﬁghter planes
were shot down. Allied losses were
limited to three fighter planes and
one bomber.

Boeing, Lockheed and B-25
Mitchell medium bombers dumped
100 tons of bombs on the armada
as it made its way to reinforce the
Japs on the island of New Guinea.
The Mitchell medium bombers
wrecked most havoc, scoring hits on
a major part of the ﬂeet.

Destruction of this Japanese fleet
greatly lessens the possibility of an
Australian invasion, as well as being
an important move to rout the
enemy from their positions in Lao
and other fortiﬁed parts of New
Guinea.

Main reason for the complete 24-
hour long victory was that Japanese
officers wasted much valuable time
in dispersing the fleet after the ﬁrst
signs of attack.

Names to Watch For

Recent announcement that the
Nazis were pouring into Spain and
Portugal brings to light the possi—
bility of a huge Afro-European
battle. Lisbon, it is said. bustles
with an increasing number of male
“civilians”. Rommel's continued
retreat may be the answer to these
reinforcements. but with daily raids
on Axis sltipping in the Mediter-

ranean, these troops may just as
well be stationed in the 8th Avenue
subway.

thev Falls

On the Russian front, it is the
same old story, now entering its
fourth month. This time, the Ger—
mans yielded the stronghold of
thev to the Red Army. It now
remains of the enemy to retreat 150
miles southwest to Smolensk. Next
fallen rose pedal from the Nazi rose
will be Orel, thence the Russians
will once again dominate the Donets
Basin.

Having taken Kharkov, Kursk,
thev. and several minor Nazi
strongholds, the Reds have ad-
vanced slightly past the line of the
beginning of the Nazi 1942 offensive.
However, another 100-200 miles
separates the Reds from the main
German defense line. extending
from Ovinsk, through Minsk, Kiev.
and to Odessa.

The past week also brought two
huge bombing attacks against Ger-
man cities. Cologne was hit by the
second largest bombing attack of
the war, totaling around 500 planes.
Huge block-busters tore German
industry, and Berlin was rocked by
another huge attack. The Germans
admitted that this latter raid was a
supposed “softening-up" process,
preparatory to invasion. This eo-
incides with recent statements by
British and American statesmen of
a not-so—far distant continental in-
vasion.

On the home front, deferment of
farmers seems accepted. This will
mean, however, that fathers not en—
gaged in vital defense will be sub-
ject to call.

 

impressions—A Cossack & A Critic

___——by Sunna Cooper

 

Twenty-eight stalwart Cossacks
made a dash for the back door.
Twenty—seven got there. The 28th
was young, handsome, and forcibly
detained. His name —— Vladimir
Smakoff.

When first accosted, he was a
little apologetic about his diction.
"If you would rather," he said,
"perhaps my friend speaks more
clear.” He was immediately reas-
sured that his English was most un-
derstandable, and his “V’s” for
“W‘s” were most intriguing.

When asked wlty his friends were
in such a hurry, he said that they
were catching the next train to
New York; they had put away their
bus until after the war.

——Thcn aren't you afraid they
will leave without you?

And with the usual courtesy of
his people, he answered. "Oh no. A
few minutes. they do not matter."

Vladimir said it was a pleasure
to appear, too, three years ago."

He came to America in 1933 and
has been with the Don Cossacks
ever since. Before that, lie toured
a great deal in Europe and Africa.

The headquarters of Serge Jar-off
and his Cossacks is New York City.
Their next performance was the
following chning irt Carnegie Hall.

As It Cossack, Vladimir has
traveled the lengtlt and breadth of
the United States. His bltte eyes
grew very serious when lte said.
“It is a great nation"

The cttb honked impatiently, and
the smiling blond Cossack with the
ruddy cotnplcxiott bid a hasty fare-
wcll calling back front the street.
“You know'.’ Now,l atti/lrrteriettrt."'

Treking to Page Hall to see and
hear the Don Cossacks came eleven-
year-old Hilary Levin of Albany—
3 small girl with a huge under-
standing and appreciation of good
music.

She sat with her head cocked to
one side, and pencil in her band,
now and then adding comments to
the program.

At the top, she had scribbled,
“Some of the tnen have first soprano
voices."

Hilary thought The Funeral Serv-
ice, was “very expressive. But
you‘d thing a funeral service would
be sad".

After 0] Thy Mystical Supper.
she had written, "Starts quite softly.
If you didn't know, you'd think it a
love song or lttllaby, except for
some particularly loud spots."

Shc singled out “the contrast"
lll 'I‘schaikowsky's Recollections.
recognizing several of the themes.
Bttt it was the Cradle Song of (Hi
Old Don Cossack that she labeled
“Cutcr titan anything else so far.
Exquisite!"

The Plain, the Steppe httd “zootn
sounds that are very nice. and so
is the ht—la—ing".

In Praise of Raspberries was
"darlim.r cute. delightful. and best".

()n hearing Cradle Song, she
commented, “Dreamy. I almost
went to sleep" The Song of Sit.’tth‘ti
Resin was "sad and melodic".

Hilary's criticism of Three ('os-
sue/r Songs was it little more severe

The Volt/rt Rout Song (first ett
core) was "sting with great feeling".
and the second encore was "quite
etttotlonttl".

lliltti'y "adored the dance". It
Wm; "perfect. ideal, and marvelous,
i must try the Kttztrtsky or sortie—
lltitrg when I get home"

 

The Weekly Bulletin

 

RED CROSS

Art urgent call has been made
for student volunteers to roll band—
ages at the County Court House.
daily from 2 to Al 1’. M. and 7 to 0
i’ M. Students interested should
sign up ill the Dealt of Women's
()ilicd.

FORUM

Members of Forum are required
to attend the meeting in the latltttgt-
Wednesday at 3:30 PM. Resolu-
tions to amend the constitution of
the group will be presented at that
time.

CALENDAR

Mar. ii Volleyball for men itlltl
women in Sttylt's llflil gym ill
3.30 l’. M.

Mttl‘ ii Allil’lll Vit'ittl‘y"\‘tt"'tlttttt't-
ll l’. M. to l A M. at the soror-
tty house.

Milt". ll. l0 it't'eshntttn tryouts for
NinWﬁ, 7 l’. M

Mar. 0 Commerce Club meeting,
Room 200, 3:30 P M.

Mar. ll) Forum tticeting lil tltc
Lounge at 3:30 I’. M.

Mar 13 litn'p’s ltiot,Newman Club
annual St Patrick's celebration.
Commons, 3:30 to l2 RM,

 

by Herb Leneker—ﬁ

KISS THE BOYS GOODBYE, BUT NOT HERE
DEP’T: Prior to this mass protest at the Girl's Dorm
described elsewhere, there was a furor caused by the
announcement that the Ingle room was to be closed
at 10 o'clock week nights and 11 weekends. Cort-
census of opinion is that the powers-that-be frown on
the seclusion offered by said Mecca to worldly tur-
tnoil . . . However. the originators, returning to the
realm of common sense, abandoned the project“
realizing perhaps that it would have been carrying
this rationing a little too far. , . .

Myskana's two "B's" figured out a revision of
rivalry this week . . . The Potter Club—Army game
would probably have been better attended if a story
had been inserted in the NEWS Thursday . . The
sttidcnt auditor has as yet received no money from
the Association this year . . . Many organizations can
understand why Finance Board will make an
announcement relative to this soon. . , ,

FRED OTT RIBS KIRCHER

lst Lieut. STEVE BULL dropped lit with Rosemary
Wednesday . , . En Route from Arizona to Fort Mott'-
tnouth . . . Saw VAN KEUREN . . . JOHN MULVEY's
taking his V—7 training at Columbia's Midshipmen
school . . . “have been kept quite busy." . . . Cpl.
BOB JONES was here Monday. a stopover on a 10—
day leace . . . Still manages to keep one page ahead
of the illiterates at Camp Pickett . . . Is hoping for
technical training, and then overseas. . . .

2nd. Lieut. MASON GOSS was recently graduated
from 'the Botnbadicr School, Midland, Texas . , . Was
here 40—'41 . . . Cpl. FRED FERRIS writes from Syra—
cuse that his OCS papers have been accepted . . . "I'rrt
anxiously awaiting to be called, bttt it will probably be
a matter of several months . .  HERM BLUMEI.
sends a card from Penn Station. just before boarding
a troop train Went with the Air Corps eon—
tingent. . . .

 

Master Sgt. Fred A.

Ott sends a letter praising
the ability and record of
JACK KIRCHER, instruc—
tor in steam sterilization
at Camp Lee, but adds the
gentle rib: “I atn enclos-
ing a picture of Sgt
KIRCHER, or “Mr. 5x5' as
he is known among the
other instructors. As the
picture shows. army life
and food agree with your
former student. I-lis chief
hobbies are bunk fatigue
and eating. "
' Meteorologist BOLO MARSLAND dashed off the
followittg gem at Atlantic City: "Well—«here I am itt
a swell hotel, shower tit built in every room, and a
nice Sergeant to tuck Inc in bed every nitc arid
gently tap me on the shoulder at 10 or If every morn-
tng" . . . FRED BEYER and BOB COMBS share a
gilded cage in the satire building . . . Are quartered
across the way from JOE AMYOT, another fledgling
. . . WARREN WAGNER dropped around in time to
read all about himself last Friday . . . l-Ias acquired
a physique, it fair, and a voice slightly reminiscent of
'I‘ugboat Annie. .

 

“Mr. 5x5”

 

ANY SOLDIER NOT GETTING HIS NEWS
PROMP'I‘LY PLEASE SEND HIS PRESENT Al)-
DRESS 'I'O TRECE ANEY, e o THE NEWS ALSO
’I‘llE ADDRESS OF ANY SOLDIER Wilt) ISN'T
GETTING THE NEWS NOW. BUT WOULD LIKE TH

OUR HORSELESS CARRIAGE

Student Council can be likened to an expertstrt-
ttttto engine; it operates so qttictly you're trot alway.
sure it's running. Finance Board can be likened to
an expensive auto without its engine; tt looks swell
bttt it lacks the power to do anything (Mvsltttniat
can be likened to the Model 'l'. still holding its: own
bttt this is beside the point.)

 

‘Sliltlt'lllh have been suggesting that either Sttitlt-n‘
(.ounetl step on the gas, or l“lllit|lt‘t‘ Board ptrt sontt
power trttder the hood. These two amendments lit
for consideration will help achieve botb desirable ob
Jeefivcs. iii the following manner:

’Sllltlttlll Council will t't'iiiettlly exatttrrrt- litt' buch
of curb activity. if there is some ilettt tin-v t'ttllsllll't
superfluous to an adequate program, or slightly «'V-
tt'ttvttgattt. tltey will reason with the organization, .tit‘l
appeal, If Inter-ssttry. to the student body for Ibt
t-ltrrttttttttorr or l't‘flllt'llttil of the obp-ettottitblt- llt'lll
l'hts will insure on Intelligent purusal of the llllfll.’t'l
as Well its save it lot of the Association's itssemltlx
little. . .

l"IlllIlI('l‘ Board will aret as it Comptroller, lraitdltu.,
the money voted by the Association to each ftI'll\’ll\
and having the power to force each organization to
stick to a line budget. There Will be no more jtti‘lNW
mg of funds; with surplus morn-v front one llill.
transferred to tutofher itetrr, as is the case at present

Aside front its main tteeotttplisltmerit, such a hyhlt'llr
should still the occasional vague threats of invenlttltr
“UH: threats which indieate by their ominous tote.
that ill least 3 people will httrd iii jail. After all ho\
ing climbed the nauseating road to it politically dorttnt
tiled success. otir holders of these often empty ltotrot
should be allowed ‘o sit back and rest in peace

Nelson initiates

Summer Session

Freshmen, Sophomores
May Accelerate Courses

Entering the field of accelerated
programs State will offer summer
courses, without tuition, to mom-
bers of the present freshman and
Sophomore classes. A freshman, by
taking three successive summer
semesters may reduce by one full
year the time it would ordinarily
take to graduate. For the Sopho-
mores, two summer semesters will
cut one semester off the regular
graduation time, with six additional
hours credit.

Each cnrollee will take ten sem-
ester hours. The semester will
begin on June 26 and be competed
August 21. Thus, graduation of the
freshman group will take place in
August of 1945. Sophomores will
receive their degrees in January of
the same year. Completion at this
tltnc will grant each cnrollec a
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science degree. Art additional year
of advanced Work will be necessary
in order to receive a Master's De-
gree and with it. a teaching eer-
tiiicatc.

Type of Courses

The type and character of the
courses to be offered will depend
upon the need of those planning to
cttroll. Classes will begin at 8:10
and be over as soon as possible.
because of the uncomfortable af—
mosphcrc in college classrooms dur—
ing hot afternoons.

This program is being offered to
September and January entrants ol
the Class of '46, and also to tltose
who plan to enter the college in
September. 1943. A litnitcd number
of Sophomores will also be allowed
to attend this summer session. It
will so be arranged that there will
be no effect upon those who do not
desire to take the summer courses.

To date. Dr. Milton G. Nelson.
Dean of the College, has received
34 positive replies from freshmen.
74 negative, and 123 students will
advise hitn by March 10 of their
ability to take the summer course.
Requests by Sophomores tnust be
on file with the Registrar not later
than March 15, The Dean requests
that members of the Class of '45
call at his office today to complete
tentative registration cards. Since
only a limited nutnbcr will be
taken, “first cotne, first scrwd" will
be the method used to determine
who will be allmved to take the
course.

Status of Students

A freshman who enrolls for this
program will no longer be consid—
Sincc he will be ahead of the regu-
ercd a member of the Class of '-l(i.
lar members, but behind the pre—
ceding class. he will be a member
of a special group.

If only one summer semester is
completed, and a stttdetrt no longer
desires to continue with the summer
courses. he will gain one semester
of college \vork

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1943

Draper Exhibit Next Weekl

Will Feature May Murals

The Pageant of the Paciﬁc, an
exhibit of reproductions of murals
made by M. Covaarribias for the
Golden Gate Exposition will be
displayed all next week in the
second floor of Draper Hall. The
exhibits are six maps which con—
stitute a pictorial encyclopedia of
the Paciﬁc area. The maps pre-
sent ihe art of the Pacific, eth-
nology and economy. botany and
zoology, native housing and
means of transportation.

Miss Ruth E. Hutchins. Assist-
ant Professor of Art, emphasizes
the importance of the exhibit.
especially for all Social Studies
majors.

 

Newman Slates

Holiday Dance

“This ‘riotous' affair, which has
come to be Newman Club's major
contribution to the college social
calendar each year, promises this
year to surpass all previous efforts."
Thus did William Tucker. '43, Pres—
ident of the eltrb. describe Harp's
Riot which will be held March 13.

The music for the evening will be
provided by Gordon Joncs' orches—
tra, which has gained a reputation
of no small proportions in social
circles throughout the Capital Dis—
trict. The dance will be held in
the Commons from 8:30 to 12:00
P. M,. and will be featured by en—
tertainment including Irish songs
and novelty numbers. in keeping
with the St. Patrick's Day theme.

Refreshments will be served
through the medium of “Patty's
Palatial Pub." The affair will be
strictly informal—as informal as
possible within the bounds of wis—
dotn. and there will be a number of
Irish reels for the children of Erin's
sod.

Tickets will be on stile at. a table
in lower Draper at 75 cents a
couple. It is either a boy or girl
bid affair. “Sweethcart’s of the
Riot" are to be chosen by the mem-
bers of the orchestra and they will
be awarded a prize.

Newman Club members will get
in the mood for St. Patrick's Day
and the Riot at the next meeting of
the Club, Thursday evening, March
I]. At this time, Professor John A.
Mahar. head of French, attd State's
own authority on Ireland and her
history will address the members.
"Anyone who has ever heard Mr.
Mahat' speak on St Patrick and the
traditions of Ireland needs no as-
surance that the meeting will be of
the utmost interest in all attending,"
said Tucker. The proceedings will
get under way at 7:30 P. M, and
the meeting will be followed by
dancing and refreshments.

Next Article On Teaching

Tire fifth in the series of articles,
"Why Remain in Teaching." by Dr.
Allen J. Hicks, will not appear this
week because of the lack of space.
It will. however. be published ill
ttext week's issue

 

Publicity Committee

 

t('otttitttted from page I, eoftttnii it

 

it was also suggested by Mrs. Utt-
dtrwood that the alttttrtti brain-hes
be asked to contact high school
seniors interested itt State (‘ollegc
fit the various districts and court—
lies, The branches will also be
asked to contact their local Itt-ws—
papers to indicate their interest trt
seeing State College Press Bureau
releases published. To these ef—
feets. a circular letter may be sent
to nlumni. In contacting prospec-
five students, alumni will lte asked
to inform the college its to the pros-
peet's personality, interests, and
possibilities. Mr (icnrittel's typing
elttssts may be liflll/i'tl itr typing
litt-se letters as .t rt-gttltti' t'lttss
function.

Dr. Nelson informed the eonunil—
tee as to the total number of irr—
quit'ies received frotrt prospects thus
far, it total of 2H. Thus for Ntts—
:st'ttl county has sent trt the most in—
qttii'ies. followed by Westchester.
Albany and liittghttmton. l)r. Nt‘l'
.son also expressed his belief that
it would be better to send ottt pith—
lieity material to prospects al fre—
quent intervals instead of a bulk
of inforirnttion at once. This
method, Dr Nelson believes. Would
prove much tnorc effective.

On March 20, the date of the is-

suing of the special issue of the
News. Dr, Nelson will address the
student assembly, anti ask each
student to take his copy of the
paper home and see that it gets ittto
lilt' bonds of a prospect

One of the main points stressed
at the meeting wtre the entrance
requirements. ill the task of irr-
terestittg future students, emphasis
must be placed on the change lll
the requirements. A very high
average is no longer the criterion
for admission No exact pattern of
subject preparation is demanded for
admission as it candidate for the
littebelot' of Arts degree. except that
l‘lttghslt -l years must be completed
satisfactorily by all applicants, and
each applieattt ttntsl present l0
units. tirade tip mainly of foreign
languages. muthenntlit's, science or
social studies in addition to Eng—
lish A candidate's high school
authorities must attest to his in—
tellt-ettittl ttbtlity .tttd character
Candidates for a Bachelor of Science
degree must meet the reqttiretttents
established for the BA degree or
the academic diploma itt commer-
t‘liil subjects as prescribed by the
Board of Regents.

'l'ht- eotmttittee plans another
meeting today at 430 1’.

PAGE 3

Forum to Discuss - - - When I am" gone away,
Gone far away into unknown land.

Russian Needs

Forum’s interest, for the next
nine weeks, will be centered on
Russia. A Russian War Relief
Drive for old clothes will begin next
week and continue until May 10.
The group will hold a discussion of
the Russian-Polish question at its
meeting next Wednesday in the
Lounge at 3:30 P. M.

A box will be placed in the lower
half of Draper for contributions to
the old clothes drive. Explained
Sunna Cooper, '45. chairman of this
campaign, “Old clothes—not ragged
ones—which are of little or no use
to us will be of great help to the
Russian people. The clothes col-
lcctcd will be sent to New York and
carried by Russian ships to Russia.
free of charge. Surely, this is one
more part of the war effort in which
we can all easily participate."

Four speakers will introduce tltc
discussion of Russian—Polish con-
fliei to the other Forum members.
They are David Slavin and Marie
Soule. Seniors. and Arthur Corn-
well and Bernard Skolsky, Juniors.
Rhona Ryan. '44. will be moderator.

Another feature of next Wednes—
day's meeting will be discussion of
present aid to Spain. Resolutions
to amend Forum's constitution will
also be presented. These amend—
ments will deal with: elections of a
Speaker, selection of board mom-
bers, and payments of dues.

A con'tmittec will also report on
the $25,000 salary ceiling. which
will be discussed by Forum. The
stand of the group on this question
will then be sent to Congress.

New Courses—
(Contittttetl from page 1, column I)

Mr. William Hardy, on his return
in September, will conduct a six-
hottr course in speech fundamentals.
while Miss Agnes Futterer, Assist-
ant Professor, will offer a program
in Oral Interpretation. Both courses
are part of the State plan for speech
training.

The Graduate program in English
will consist of a three-hour course
in Literature of Shakespeare's Lon-
don, a seminar in English Drama,
a one-year seminar in American
Literature, a three—hour course in
Literature of New England. and a
three-hour course in Southern Life
and Literature.

The Mathematics department will
present a six-hour seminar in math.
attd three-hour courses in Projec-
tive Geometry. Differential Equa-
tions. Higher Algebra, and Theory
of Functions.

The Frcnelt department will offer
grad courses in The French Comedy,
Modern French Literature. and
Great Writers During the Renais-
sance in addition to a six-hour
seminar

This Fall, Biology 2 and 5 will be
given for the last time. Instead,
three-hour courses in Animal Biol-
ogy and Plant Biology will be of-
fered henceforth. Minors in this
field will eventually elect a special-
i/.e(i six-hour course lll Botorty or
Zoology

In addition to a six-hour seminar
irt Biology for grads. three new
three-hour courses will be offered:
Attirrral l'lisiology. Plant Taxonomy,
mtd Physiology A two-hour course
itt Field Biology will be added to
the inittor reqttiretttenl,

l“il'lll-_\'L‘itl' work lll Chemistry
will center around Physical Chem-
istry. itt which eight hours will be
offered. l"otll‘ hours iti Organic
Chemistry. two hours itt Inorganic
Chemistry, and a four—hour seminar
will eottrplete this phase of the
grad program

All Sophomores. who wish to
continue itt Physics. will go into
l’hysies Bl since Physics 1 and II
have beetr discontinued. Juniors
and Seniors will have the oppor—
tunity to take Advanced Electricity,
and Radio Communication

The principal change ill the
Social Studies department is lit the
renutnbcring of its courses. How—
ever, it eottt'se ill the Development
of Dctttoet'aey ill America will be
available for Seniors and It‘if'th-ycar
students.

Grad courses iti Social Studies
will consist of a thI-llitlli' setttitutr
ill Economics. at iWI)-llt)lll' seminar
itt Sociology, at six-hour seminar ill
History. and a three—hour course in
Mexico. Central America. and the
United States.

 

What a confused ferment of
seemingly unbridled chaos is New
York, so utterly unfathomable to
the uninitiated! Billions of separate
things, not only buildings and men,
but the intangible thoughts, prob-
lems, romances, and other things
which falsely seem so inﬁnitesimal
in the activities of the city, ﬁrst be-
wilder the visitor and then sear him
with an unforgettable feeling of
humbleness.

If anyone noticed some members
of the basketball team wandering
around Monday morning with dazed
looks on their faces, the reason is
that they spent the weekend (as
well as all the money they could
lay their hands on) in New York
City.

Friday Exodus

They started out gaily enough
last Friday morning. legitimately
and happily cutting their classes.

A welcoming committee was at
hand at G. T. Two soldiers
spotted our group, smiled, and
waved to us, saying, “This way to
Camp Upton, fellows." Everyone
disappeared so quickly that neither
of the photographers (from the
Times and Tribune) had a chance to
get. a picture.

Using the quickest method of
escape, We piled into taxies and
proceeded to the suites reserved for
us in the Hotel Plymouth. Some-
thing was wrong with the driver of
the cab we were in. He looked
awfully mad when we paid him.
even though we gave him a nickle
tip.

Nourishment

After settling ourselves in our
rooms. we all went out and started
something which was destined to
consume much time and many hun-
dreds of “c's"——we ate. A little
after six all the players were fur-
nished with subway keys and, fol-
lowing trailblazer Young, immedi-
ately wasted time in the wrong
subway turnstiles. He'll probably
head for Berlin and bomb Tokio.
After traversing a labryinth of sub-

By Gene McLaren

 

ways, we arrived at Pratt. Al-
though the 'two Pratt cheerleaders
left when we all surrounded them,
they admitted afterwards that the
State men were “swell guys.”
Sunday Revelers

Saturday morning the weekend
was cut short for the air corps men
who went home to receive those
elusive but ever menacing orders.
That night those who were left saw
the radio show “Abie’s Irish Rose"
at NBC Radio City and broke all
rules and regulations by getting up
and departing before the studio was
off the air, in order to get to the
CBS Studio to see and hear Lucky
Strike’s “Your Hit Parade.” We can
testify to the fact that the whole
show, and Joan Edwards in par-
ticular, was enjoyed by everyone.

The boys left on Sunday really
had a wild time. We went to Man-
hattan Island, rushed to shows and
ate about a dozen times. and ended
by creating a civil war between two
New York Central conductors. Ar-
riving at G. C. T. thirty seconds be-
fore the train left, we rushed out to
where two trains were waiting and
asked a couple of conductors which
one went to Albany. While the con-
ductors, who knew less than we did.
argued about it, both trains started
going. We therefore jumped for
the nearer, and luckily this one
ﬁnally did arrive at Albany, early
Monday morning.

Various and Sundry . . .

A girl approached one of the, fel-
lows at a subway station and asked,
“Do you live at Sayles Hall?" . . .
French students were stopping
sailors from the French battleships
(in New York for repair) and try-
ing to talk to them in French , . .
The trip nearly ended several times
when we had to give convulsive
jumps to escape low flying taxies
. “Chick” Barnum. '40. on his
way to Camp Upton, rode down
with us . . . Mike Walko, ’39, sta-
tioned at the Albany Naval Recruit-
ing Office, rode home with us Sun-
day night.

 

 

Dean's List

(Continued from page 1, column 4)

 

tnan White. Mac Whiting. Janet
Wood.

Class of 19114: Eunice Baird,
Edith Beard, Adelia Bucci. June
Carlson. Florence Cohen, Regina
Cookingham, Gertrude Damm, Jo-
sephine DeCostanzo, Dolores Di
Rubbo, Helen Elgin. Paul Ferencik,
Teresa Frank, Patricia Frey, Ruth
Frcidman. (All A's). George Gray.
Lillian Gross, Ethel Heller-line, Joan
Hoffman, Jean Kafka, Eugenia La-
Chanse, Natalie Levine, Katherine
Lyons, Helen MacDonald. Evelyn
McGowan, Vivian Marion, Theresa
Mlsurelli. Mary Morchouse, Wini-
fred Morris, Attire Murphy. Shirley
Reed, Catherine Rice, Hannclore
Sclrocn. Jeanette Shay. Bernard
Skolsky, Warren Walker, Nancy
Wilcox, (All A’s). Elizabeth Wil-
liams. Roy Williams.

Class of 1915: Marianne Adams.
Marv Alden, Mary Assini. Sonya
Bttlsban, Ruth Blake, Anthony Ca-
puarto, Jenn Chapman. Alccn Cod-
dittgtott. Constance Colburn. Caro-
lytr Cook, Suntta Cooper, Elizabeth
Cottrcll, Clara Crousc (All A's).
Marian Ella Davis (All A's), Marie
DcChene. Atrtt Dctttsehbcin, Anna
Dillon. Janet Donahue. John Doo—
ley, Marilyn Eber. Jean Fillmztn.
Rutlt Fine. Anne Fritz. Helen
Fritz, Duleie Gale, Lttcilc Ganlcy.
Martini Gardiner. Juttc Genicr.
Nora Gittvelli, Harold Goldstein,
Janet (lould, Virginia Greerttttutr,
Elizabeth Grenncll, Marilyn Guy,
Nancy littll, Caroline lIasbrouck.
Eleanor llayeslip, lt'ette l'leek. Ray—
mond l‘lowurd. Mtrric l‘lunter, Pearl
lsken. Sylvia Johnson, Mtu‘lhtt
.loyt'c, Atttt Keehlc. Estelle Kort—
toleon, Edna Marsh, Juliet Mather.
Beatrice Mones. Marion Munzet,
Mildred Nichols, Letty l’ahnttlect‘.
.ltlt’lll Quinn. llelcn Rarttroth. Kath-
lcett Ifttpplt'yea. Alice Raynor, Helen
Ifomtutowsky. Jane Rooih, Dolores
Ropke. Marguerite Rouehtntd,Claire
Schwartz, Grace Shttlts, Regina
Slawski. .lottn Smith. Phyllis Sny—
der, Louise Stone. Mildred 'l‘ytne-
sort. Josephine Vttlcntc. Gertrude
Yttrtowitz. Anita Ziegler.

Class of 1946: Stanley Abrams.
Esther Albright, Sylvia Borok.
Thomas Boylan, Harriet Brinkman,
Ruth Cassavant. M. Eleanor Cham—
bers, Pauline Cleven, Virginia Cor-
nell, Janet Crawford, Frederick
Crosby, C. Elizabeth Faust, M. Rob-
ert Fcrber (All A's), Irving Finger.
Nellie Glod, Jean Griffin, Janet
Gros. Joseph Harder, Priscilla
Hayes. Adele Kasper, Marilyn
Kranz, Selma Kreisberg, Marge
Krikkcr, Beverly Link, Marian
Lounsbery, Naomi Martin, James
Miner, Celia Nager, Phyllis O’Con-
nor, Blanche Packer. Doris Quinn,
Nancy Randcrson, Alma Roset=
Florence Rubin, Barbara Shover,
Jean Sivers, Clara Stepp, Roberta
Van Aukcn. Sidney Weinman, Nor-
ma Werner. Jean Whitney. Mildred
Wolf.

State Graduate Dies;
Noted Religious Leader

Mother Margaret Bolton, a leader
ill the field of Christian Doctrine
teaching religion in the American
Province of the Cenaelc, died Wed-
nesday ill the St, Iiegls Cenaclc
Convent, New York City. She was
a graduate of State College in the
class of 1892.

Upon graduation. Mother Bolton
taught English in the New York
City public schools until 1906. For
the next seven years she served as
a rtrodcl teacher in English at the
New York Training School for
'l‘cachcrs, and entered the St. Regis
Cettacle Convent in 1913.

During the following years,
Mother Bolton was associated with
the School of Education. Fordham
University, where she taught classes
in the methods of teaching religion,
She also gave courses in the same
field at Boston College. Loyola Uni-
versity itt Chicago, Providence
Teachers College. and St. John’s
Uttchrsity Ill Brooklyn.

Site was also noted as an author.
and her books were said to have
done much for the religious training
of Catholic youth.

 

 

   

  
  
 

 

 

