 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Emblem May 1916
By the Class of 1918

October 15, 1943 No. 5

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate I’ress Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the. New lork State
College. for 'I‘eachcrs; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office, 5-0373; Baxter, i-s'n’iia‘l; Stengel, 8-2804:
I’lckcrt, 2-2752.

IEPIIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVERTISING II

National Advcrusmg Semce. inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 Maureen Ave. New Yonn. N. Y.

CHICAGO ’ BOITOI ‘ Lo. “I'll-II ' 5A. FDAICIICO

‘I he News Board

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

MARY B. STENGEL
JANET K. BAXTER - -
JANE PICKERT

LILLIAN GROSS

BERTRAM KILEY

SUNNA COOPER

JANE HEATH - -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

«em-x2

All eommunlcaiions' should be addressed to the editor anti
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibilily
for opinions expressed in its columns or ('nllllllllnh'uiiotls
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect is view.

It’s Your Bankroll

Student Association's spring headache, the bud-
get and surplus, put in an early appearance this
year with its debut at last week's assembly. The
misdirected discussion of student government fi-
nances accomplished very little in the way of spec-
tacular, definite achievement. Eventually the
resolution appropriating $100 for curtains was
passed just as so many other amendments and resolu-
tions—without adequate discussion. Perhaps the
final vote was slightly closer in this case, but if
more students had considered the matter more
carefully, the vote would have been even closer.

The student body is not entirely at fault. Cer-
tainly, there was enough interest evidenced; even
the freshmen with their limited knowledge of the
procedure participated in the discussion. Instead
of quibbling and arguing about picayune points,
the students could have participated in a worthwhile
and intelligent discussion. Why they did not may
be attributed to two factors:

1. The information concerning the surplus was
erroneous. Supposedly, it is the duty of the Board
of Audit and Control to clarify such issues. Student
Association made elaborate plans in abolishing the
Finance Board and establishing the Board of Audit
and Control. Yet at a time when the student body
was directly concerned with its money, the Board
might as well have been non-existent.

2. A resolution relating to financial matters can-
not be considered thoroughly on such short notice.
Time is needed to gather specific information and
to prepare constructive discussion. In the case of
last week’s resolution, this would have been ex-
tremely helpful especially since the Board of Audit
and Control was inactive at the time. If all resolu-
tions concerning Student Association finances were
tabled for one week, the surplus would be wisely
spent. Otherwise, various organizations may con—
tinue to make demands upon the extra money and
deplete the fund until there will not be enough at
a time when it is needed more desperately.

Student Association finances need not cause any
undue worry as far as the actual money is concern-
cd. But the association does need to consider scr-
iously the management of this money. The surplus
is large enough to cover improvements if the student
hotly so wishes, but student association cannot
afford to be short—sighted in its decisions.

Why hasn't The Board of Audit and Control done
anything about the 100 students who have not as
yet paid their student tax fee? Undoubtedly some
of thcsc delinquent payments result from a good
reason. Surely, the student body deserves some
cxl‘)lallation.

Register Now

Today is the last day on which the student body
may register for War Activities. 'I‘hroughout the
week a table has been maintained in the Rotunda at
which students could stop aml register for any
type of war work they dcsircd. Up to the time
at which the Naws went to press, only one-eighth
of the student body had taken the trouble to do so.

No one need be rcmincd of his responsibilities
in regard to the war effort. It has been repeated
often enough. The machinery for organized war
Work in the College has been set up by War Activi-
ties Council. Now it is up to the student body to
decide if it should be left to rust.

J; 'ﬁ‘mmmM‘hA—mwia‘ .«m m...“

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, I9 3

Communication_

To the Editor:

The work of the robber barons
was sissy stuff compared to the
railroading that went on in assem-
bly last week. Let us consider these
points:

1. Are we or are we not supposed
to speak our minds in assembly?
We hear so much about free speech
in our "democratic, student govern-
ment,” and yet when a few individ-
uals tried to oppose the measure to
spend $100 on curtains, they were
quickly throttled. The News has
spent weeks trying to arouse school
spirit and interest in the proceed-
ings of the assembly. Did they
have their tongues in their checks?

2. As for the grand. old faculty. we
appreciate having C. C. Smith come
and sing to us Activities Day, but
he was the only one of the many
invited who found time to attend.‘

3. How about the slogan, “Make
it do or do without?" The poor
freshman may have been out of
order at the time, but why wasn't he
given any chance at all to put forth
his excellent idea? He was only
acting in accordance with the many
posters and announcements urging
us to make this our biggest year
in the war effort. Or have we
changed our minds and decided to
live in our own little world?"

4. The PD. is not a. lounge, quote
Dr. Sayles and Campus Commission.
“It is a room set aside for only
those working on the News." There-
fore it seems logical that the News
appropriation should take care of
any improvements in their room.
Student Association has already
given extra money for their new
light fixtures. The lights may help
the News Board to put out a better
newspaper, but what have curtains
got to do with it?

5. What is there to the rumor that
the material for these curtains was
ordered a week before the proposal
was even submitted to the studént
body?

6. Why wasn't someone from the
new Board of Audit and Control
present to furnish definite and ac-
curate information? When we elect-
ed students to this position we had
hoped this new organization would
be superior to the old Finance
Board.

We were aware of all of these
facts at the time of the Assembly.
For the answer to why we didn't
speak our minds then. please see
Article 1 of this letter.

What a rat race!

A Couple of Cynical Seniors

 

War Fronts

By RHONA RYAN

It seems that in the South Pacific
we're taking toll of 5 Jap planes for
every 1 American. It seems that
despite our heavy losses over Europe,‘
we’ve not yet gone above the 10%
loss set at the maximum figure for
effective aricraft operations.

Well, those are just figures. What's
interesting to me is the story behind
them. It's the story of thousands
of boys who left the peaceful life of
an American town, left their colleges,
and high schools, and jobs, and girls,
to become the best damn fliers on
the face of the earth. Now let’s not
fool ourselves. They're not super-
men. They’re just our brothers, or
the boy next door, or our steadies—
to us they look extra special. but
they’re really just the American
home-grown variety.

Then the question before the board
is, what makes them such good
pilots? Well, training has a lot to
do with it. We gladly spend about
$30,000 on three months training for
one pilot, and give them planes
worth a quarter of a million dollars.
We see they get only the best.

But besides the training, what
other factors enter in? Morale? Sure.
Patriotism? Sure. Yet there’s still
something else, and it’s just a theory
of mine, and I want to pass it on
to you.

You know the song. “Johnny Zero"
about the boy who always failed his
school-work, and turned out to be
a hero. Did you ever think what a
lesson that is for us future teach-
ers? Look at it this way. There’s
a boy in your class who just can
never remember when Zachary Tay-
lor was inaugurated. And in his
spare time he tinkers with automo-
biles, and builds model airplanes,
and plays football. And I say, bravo-
ly, that those activities are far more
important than learning isolated
dates, at least in a time like this.

I say the reason our boys are such
good fliers is because they played
football on sand lots, and football

in vacant fields. and worked to—
gether in school activities, and drank
lots of milk, and were speed demons
in their jallopies.

I talked to a navigator recently
who washed out as a pilot. “I got
the technical stuff perfectly,” he
said, “but I couldn’t fly by the seat
of my pants." He admitted he was
crazy to fly, and it had almost killed
him when he was washed out. But.
you see where my moral is leading,
don’t you . . . He didn’t have mus-
cular coordination, the fundamental
of a good pilot.

And I say, in finish, that book-
larnin' ain't all it’s cracked up to
be, and most of you know how I per-
sonally am a fiend for reading if
there ever was one. But I say that
this war should teach us teachers
something. We should learn. and so
should our school administrations.
that extra-curricular activities hvc
come into their own.

If we have to, we’ll learn our Trig
and our history. We can memorize
facts anytime. But we can't mem-
orize co-operation, and working to-
gether, and building muscles hi a
classroom. I say that the most
important single factor in our fliers
success is what they learned in group
sports, and working together in ac~
tivlties. I say that, knowing that
there are still some around here
who place all their faith in raising
nice docile teachers, who will want
nothing else than high Regents aver-
ages in their classes. Phoocy, I say.
give me a couple of Johnny Zeros.
What if they don't know how to
conjugate a French verb? They've
shown that they know something
much more important on the battle-
fields of the South Pacific and
Europe. I’m never going to worry
about a kid who doesn't know where
to put a relative pronoun—after all,
let's not forget that I can’t drive a
car, or play football, or shoot down
fIVc Zeros in one day.

 

 

Tuesday evening, Advanced Dra-
matlcs raised the curtain on their
first plays of this season.

Mary Dce Alden, director of the
first play, presented to the State
College audience. a novelty in the
form of monologue. Despite the
difficulties encountered in the pro-
duction of a monologue. Miss Aiden's
plays as a whole, succeeded in bold-
ing the audience’s attention. At
times the movoment was static be-
cause of a monotony in lines. but
this fault lay in the actual cort-
struction of the play.

Although Lucille Kenny did not

by Jeanne Bailey

rise to her usual heights. she did
prove her ability to carry the puff.
of a harungulng, hen-pecking wife.

The second play, a comedy dir-
ected by Ruth Fine. did not offer the
actors so much opportunity for char-
acter portrayal, since it was mainly
a play of plot. The story was not
unusual but it had a certain amount
of audience appeal. Special praise
goes to Bill Mallory us the butler
who really looked and acted like a
butler.

Considering the choice of plays,
both actors and directors succeeded
in fulfilling all the possibilities in
the productions.

 

6!

By KIPPY MARSH

DEMOCRACY IN ACTION

There has been a great deal of discussion among
the students this week concerning the appropriation
of $100 by the Student Association for curtains. There
were enough students who thought that $100 was a lot
of curtain money to investigate the situation. As it
turned out we can afford a lot of curtains. What some
people would like to know is~where did we get all the
money and why didn't somebody tell us. It is rumored
that today in Assembly the Board of Audit and Control
(the only board without a plank) will deliver a few
monosyllablcs concerning the state of our budget—
said budget being several hundred dollars to the good.
This newly created board has a big job to do we’ll
admit—and we'll admit that it's only had a little time
to get started. But one of the main reasons for
abolishing Finance Board was its inefficiency. We
expect bigger things from the new one . . .

. . . The News Board and classmates of Jane Heath
were saddened at the news of the recent death of her
father. To Jane, friend and loyal worker, we extend
our deepest sympathies . . .

SOLDIER. STUFF

This week we would like to reprint part of a letter-
written by a soldier from State. Everyone remembers
Stan Abrams. president of the class of '45 last year
and it seems to us that Stan gets across pretty well
what a lot of our boys feel . . . .

“ . . . . I was glad to hear Ihul you liked Stole and
[he people of Slate; lhcy'rc tops, and if il's (L firm
foumlalion for the future you're looking for, you can
have that in State College . . . . I would like to be
book in Albany once more, back in Soylcs Hall (suns
lea lemmas-I, (luck with. [he men. who once were and
are no more. One year (ll State has pul it in my
blood and I hope it will do (he some for you.

I don't know how well any of the kids remember me;
I hope I'm not entirely gone and forgotten. For I
slill hope lo gel back when this whole mess has
blown over and the air is again clear. But (he Boul,
(:hrlpcl, the News, and all the other components of
Stole ure plainly before me coon here in God’s for-
saken (.‘ouulry . . . . I have (t copy of the News and
my yearbook and all have been read and rte-read over
fifty limes.

Don’t work. too hard, be good and for gosh sakes
don’t [all for an RF] lug . . . "

. . . . As for other people . . . . Bob Bartman says that
the Army has finally recognized his true worth . . . .
He has been promoted to PFC . . . . Nick Morsillo is
now receiving" basic flight training as avaiation cadet
at Bainbridge Army Air Field . . . . lst Sgt. Bob Teeter
writes from Camp Van Dorn, Mississippi that his
most interesting experience was running across Dr.
Wallace Taylor’s name on his K.P. list . . . Bob Scifert
received his pilot's “wings” and commission as second
iooie from Randolph Field, Texas . . . . Graduation
from the Air Corps Weather School at NYU included
Alonzo DuMont, '37, Bob McGregor, ’37, Mike DeGoia,
’36, Alan Wooden, '42, and Harold Bulk, '41 . . . .

Joanie tells us that llank ltuback, '44. is now at
Yale studying communications . . . . And to Dale Wood
and Terry Smythe who are back today we hope), we
say hello fellows it's good to see you back . . . . Dale
graduated from 008 yesterday . . . Handsome, de-
bonair Ensign Ed Holstein is in Seattle, Washington
when he isn’t out in the little boat, we hear from
authoritative sources . . . . And Fred Beyer of the
rakish air boys is in Albany. Georgia . . . . Bob Peters
is in Drew Field. Fla.

Can‘t resist a plug for the News . . . . A letter from
.lim 'Imbon in Camp Chaffec, Arkansas . . . Quote . . .
I am with split seconds to split and actually find
myself reading that notorious rag called S'rA'ra Col.-
l.l<l(ll‘: News . . . . Unquotc . . . You're welcome, girls.
INNER SANCTUM

The revolution against the P.()., started by that
radical Red, 'l‘rcce Aney, has as its new mot:o “Down
with the press and the S'rA'rn Combat: News . . . . The
News might retaliate with “Down with the Commons
Illfl'tl—v'UI) with the P.O.——leturlat . . . . "

Anyone who knows of u soldier who is not getting
his. or would like one of, the Nun's, please get in touch
with Lillian Gross , . . . Also pictures ol' the boys,
especially In action, can be put to good use. . . .

Weekly Bulletin

‘ "1.00" litiMilth‘
tit-orqu Hardest). ‘ll, appeals to all State i'ollogo slu
deals for contributions lo the Itlootl Intuit ’l‘lo- quola to
he l'IliwIi I’or Slate ('olleue l|;|,\. Now-miter I, Is one hundred.
Students inloreslctl ‘Ilulllll gel in lulll‘ll with .‘ll-‘n IluI'Ilcsll'
immediately .

 

‘ e'ruu

_.\'Indonl~ wishing purl limo omployIm-nl may sign up

III the office of the “Will ol' Women.

Stit'lAl. (‘AIJ'JNIDAII

(let. If» Mlisle l'olllu'll pl'encltls t‘ourud 'i‘llilmull. l'age
Ilull. Amlhorlum, Hzlli l'.;\l.

tiet._ Ill l‘umpus liuy. llanuer liunt t'rom l‘.5.'iu I'M. Io
.tziitl I'..'il. in college buildings. Obstacle ram-s In of!
ernoon, l'uge lIuIl lawn. (‘unlplts day shits lllIII
(‘aiupus Queen, l’uge llull autlllorium, sou I'M.

tit'l. III lull-rvnrslly I‘hrisllun I"l‘lthHllI|i monthly meet-
lnu, \i'l'llluglon IIUll'I iii'ttcll ltoom, moo l'..'\l.

(tel. lb Meeting of Pan Amigos Spanish Club at 7::lo l'.M.
In the Lounge.

1ch. '10 Huceoth celebration under utmplcea ol‘ lllIIt-l Hu-
cicly, Washington Avenue Synagogue, -l:.'l() l'.l\l.

ill'l. L!” The Anu-rlean liailud Singers] I‘lIIe. Heignmalor,
directing. Albany InHiiiuic of History and Art, 125
Washington Ave. litudent tickets fifty cents plus tax.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1943

Mon 5

 

Dean Announces
Honor Students

Numbei Drops From 204
T0145 Second Semester

The second semester Dean's List
for 1942-43, released by Milton G.
Nelson, Dean of the College, shows
a decrease of 59 names as compared
with the first semester list. It in-
cludes 10 men and 135 women. Of the
10 men two are from the Senior class
one from the Junior class, and seven
from the Sophomore class. Forty—
one Senior, 61 Juniors and 43 Soph-
omores constitute the current list.

(‘Inss of if)”: Sonya lialslmn, l'itlllh
lleard. Adelia llucci, .lnne Carlson,
Florence i‘ullen, Madora liailey. llltu
imly, th-rlrude liamm. Josephine Ile-
(‘oslanzm Ilolores llillubho. III'II'I]
ltllgln. l'utriciu II‘rey. ltuth Friedman.
Lillian Gross. lietty llarper. l‘ilhel
llellerliue, Kathryn llcrdman. Jean
Kafka, (l. Bertram Kiley, I'illgellitl
Lut‘lmnse, i’alrieln Latino-r, .\'ulale Le-
vine, IIeIclI .\l.~tcllon:tld. Icrelyn Min
(lowun, Vivian Marion, Theresa
Misurelli. .leunnt- Moore, Mary More.
house, Winifred Morris, .\une Murphy.
llerlrude Myers. Ilzlnneloro Hehoon.
Jeannette Shay. Angela Siruco, (‘ulh-
l'l‘llll' Smith. Janet L. Smith. .\tin Sny-
der. Margaret lault, .\:llll‘_\' \Vilcux,
l6|i'/.uhelh Williams. and Harry Wurtz.

('luss of IMF»: t‘alberine IllllI-l'ltltlll.
Ituth liluke. .\|eon t'oddinglon, Con-
stance l‘o.burn. Carolyn l‘ook, l-llizn-
Irelll I‘Ulll'cll. (‘lura i'l‘otlso, .\I:Il',\'
llnley. Ilulu'llc Ilnris, Marian ii}. linrls.
\'ol'l<in llerlh-Ilrosinn. .\un lieulsehbeln.
.\nn:t Iiillon. .Iunel Iiouuhuo. Marilyn
lilo-r. Muriel i~‘oldm:ln. tlruco l-‘ielder,
.Ioanne I“Illm:rn. IIlIlII l"iue. Anne lt‘ritz,
Illlll'lo Hale. Lucile (innit-y. Murlhn
(lnrdiner. i-‘loronco Iluri'nll. .Iuno (lenler,
Nora IiinVI-III, ('I-eile IIUIIIIII'i'llt'l'. Ilul'ttlll
(loltlslein. Marolyn (lay. Nancy IIuII.
('aroline llnsbrouelt. I-lleanor lluyeslip.
Irene Ill-cit, Ilenu IIeIIIig. I‘ilizuhelh
Howell, Marie Hunter. John ilylintl,
l'eurl Isken, Marllm .loyt'e. Ann Ken-lilo.
Lucille Kenny. l-lstello KonIoh-on. Anita
Leone, .lanel Mather. Marlon Monger.
Mary Now, Letty l’nlmalot-r. Miriam
Quinlan. .loun Quinn. .llllli‘ ltootb.
Iiolores ltopke. Margaret Seyt'l'erl.
(lrace Skulls. .loun Smillt. l'hyllis .\'n_\'
der. Marion Soule. Josephine Valenti.
Margaret Wales, Agnes \\'il|ett. (ll-Iv
lrudc l'unowitz. and Anita Ziegler.

Haas of llilll: Slnnley Abrams, Mar
gut-rile .\llllo'l'snll. Mildred Ansellnent.
Sylvia I'ml'uli. 'i‘homus loylun. llur~
riel ii'lllilIHlll. l‘urolyn llrnmm. Itulh
f'nssurunl. M. I'ill'illlill' t‘lmmlo-rs.
l’uullm- t‘leveu. Virginia l‘ornell. l-‘red~
eriolt l‘roslny. l-Ellzalwlh liormun. 1'
I'lliano-Ih l-‘nusl. l'ulrlu-in I-‘eelmn. M.
littltcl'l I“i'l'IIl‘l'. Nollie lilml, .ll‘llll (lrif
fin. 'n-tly Hansen. l'rlseillu Iluyes.
Iioris IVi'S, .\lll'll‘ Kasper. Selma I\'rei~
berg. Morga- Krlklter. lluth Kruegoi'.
Mnru Kuhn. Beverly Link. Naomi
Martin. James Miller. llorolhy Myles.
(‘eliu Nllll‘l-I', l'llizubelh O'Neil, Illunche
l'uclt'er, liot'is Quinn .\|m:t ltoset, (‘ztr-
tneln Iltlsso, (lenevit-Vo Suhalinl, Marie
Seudder, 'I‘erenee Hmyllt, ('Iuru Sit-pp.
Sidney \l'cinnmn, llelen \\'o_itul. and
Margaret Worsley.

 

D. V. Smith Gels "PIasiered"
During luncheon Speech

It was certainly an impressive
speech. It certainly left an im-
presslon.

Dr. D. V. Smith, President of
Cortland State Teachers College,
was addressing a luncheon meet- -
ing when his speech, in reality,
brought down the house. That is,
the plaster came down—plaster
and plaster. The ceiling fell with
the kind of ideal timing that per-
haps comes once in a lifetime. It
was crumbling hunks of plaster,
instead of tomatoes or orchids,
which Dr. Smith found himself
dodging.

He and his company, deciding
maybe all wasn’t so safe as it
might be, sought out a church
house where D. V. finished his
speech in peace.

By the way, freshmen, if you
had come to college a year sooner
you probably would have had the
pleasure of getting acquainted
with Dr. D. V. Smith, the former
Professor of Social Studies at
State College. Too bad you miss-
ed him.

 

 

 

Myskania Resolution

A person who is not present at
an Assembly in which a. Student
Association election is held may not
vote in that election unless he or
she has a legitimate excuse.

a. A legitimate excuse consists of:

I. Practice teaching any time l'rom
II to 12.

2. Working in the cafeteria from
11 to 12.

b. A time and place shall be speci-
fied by Myskania when persons with
a legitimate excuse may vote.

Note: On Friday, October 15, 1943,
a. person having a legitimate excuse
may vote from 12 to 1 in Page Hall
at a special table for that purpose.

New Residence Council Rule

Geraldine Merhoff, '44, President
of Residence Council, announces the
Council decision in regard to hours
l'or college functions. The ruling is
that any exception to the regular
closing rules for any college function
must be secured from the Council.

Among these exceptions are Music
Council’s presentation of Conrad
Thibault, and the A. D. plays. Resi-
dents mny get permission for ex-
tended hours on these nights, if
those in charge of the functions
speak to the Council.

SCA, Newman Club and Hillel
Schedule Full Program for Year

 

by Suuna (former

In order not. to lose sight of our
religion at a time when we are fight-
ing to preserve the very right o‘
religious freedom, along with our
other inherent privileges, the three
main religious organizations of the
College have placed unusual em-
phasis on a thorough planning of
this year's program.

Student Christian Association

SCA's outstanding presentation of
the year will be the celebrity, Emily
Kimbrough, who is co—author with
Cornelia Otis Skinner of “Our Hearts
Were Young and Gay." Miss Kim-
brough will make her guest appear-
ance at State on March 3. At
present. she is in Hollywood assisting
in a movie production of her co—
wrltten novel.

Every year SCA organizes a club
exclusively for freshmen. Such an
activity is Club 47 which will hold
its first meeting October 28.

Other Full projects for SCA include
the. State College Sunday Service
which will take place in the First.
Presbyterian Church at 11 AM, and
the ’i‘hunksglvlng Service at. the Uni-
lurlun Chapel on November 23. A
panel discussion is also being plun-
ned belween the rarcr sex tsuch as
Naval Cadets at ii..P.I.i and a group
of freshmen women.

Among the war uclvlties of SCA
will be a pageant. in December pres-
ented in collalmrutlon with Newman
Club, Music Council. and 1) AL A. All
proceeds will be turned over to the
“Big Ten.“

Nearly all of Newman Club’s un-
dertakings are correlated with the

,—_.‘.‘_.

war effort. To start. the year off“
Newman Club will maintain the
Stuntp Booth in the balcony of the
Commons t'or four weeks. For fur-
thering morale, each member will
assume the responsibility of writing
letters to at Wounded soldier in Attica.
Newman (‘lub

'l‘hc Newnmn Club choir, newly in-
stigated this year, will sing benedic-
tion, go curoling at Christmas time
anti participate in the “Big Ten"
program for December.

Among Newman Club's primary
events oi' this “all is the Mass which
will be held at the (irolto ol' Our
Lady ot' Lourdes, Sunday. October
24. A Communion breakfast at
Newman Hall will follow the ser-
vices. Al the next few meetings,
Father CilIlIII, chaplain, will be pres—
en! to explain and discuss the Mass.

Next spring. i’lurp’s Riot, tradition-
ul Newman Club dance, will also in-
clude. a variety entertainim-nt pro-
gram. ’l‘hls social affair will be held
on St. Patrick's Day in the Commons
Illllel

Hillel aims to devote a great. deal
of time this year in cooperation with
the college wur ucllvlies.

llillel has also formulated plans
to celebrate all religious holidays.
The first will be u Succoth celebra-
tion at the Congregalltmal Ohuv
Sitoiotn on October 20.

The most important religious ac-
tivity In the spring will be the Pass-
over services.

During the year. IIIllel will present
several lecturers who will speak on
a variety of topics concerning reli-
gion and the war.

Orchestra Plans

After a successful first rehearsal,
the State College Symphony Orches-
tra, under the direction of Rosalind
Ginsburg, ’46, will undertake its first
venture at the War Bond Rally
at Albany High School on Nov-
ember 9. Before Thanksgiving, Miss
Ginsburg plans to present an assem-
bly program, featuring some of State
College’s musical talent along with
the orchestra. After Christmas, the
exact date is not yet known, the
orchestra has been engaged to play
for the Albany Light Opera Com-
pany. The program will feature
music by Strauss.

For the second semester, the or-
chestra has scheduled its own con-
cert, another assembly program, and
a program for the Women’s Club, in
accordance with the custom started
by Bernard Pcrlman, '42.

Quoting Miss Ginsburg, “The first
rehearsal was a complete success,
despite the lack of violins. The brass
and woodwind sections are excellent,
and all violinists are urged to come
to the Little Theatre at Milne on
Wednesday. at 7:45 PM. There is
also a need for a tuba player, and
the instrument will be furnished."

Directory to Sponsor
Cover Design Contest

The State College Directory, under
the editorship of Jane Southwick,
'44, is sponsoring a cover contest in
which any student may submit an
entry.

The only rules in the contest are
that the sketch be made on paper,
size 9 by 13“.- or 6 by 9. State Col-
lege Directory and 1943-44 must be
printed somewhere on the cover.

The contest closes October 22nd,
on which date the Directory goes to
press. As yet only two of the three
judges have been chosen. They are
Miss Ruth Hutchins, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Art, and Dr. Howard DoBeii,
Professor of Mathematics.

Three new members have been
added to the Directory stuff this
week. They are Charles Turcotte,
'44, Virginia Tucker, Philip Laschin-
sky and Barbara Crockcr, freshmen.

Christian Fellowship to Meet

The October monthly meeting of
the State College chapter of Inter-
varsity Christian Fellowship will be
held October 16 in the Green Room
of the Wellington Hotel.

Robert Lazear, Schenectady mis-
sionary-elect to Columbia, will speak.
Students from Albany Medical
School, Nurscs' Training School,
R.P.I., and Union will join with State
at this meeting.

The entire student body is invited.
A group will leave Pierce Hall for
the hotel at 7:30 Saturday cvcning.

 

OOOD FOOD

In a It‘riendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

l I: ’ :
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

SOphs Threaten Green Gremlins
1943-44 Program In Rivalry Bonner Hunf Tomorrow

by Betty O’NeIIl

“Two little Gremlins

Sitting on a stoop,

Comes a Blue Devil

And knocks them for a loop.”

Beware green little Gremlins!
When the Blue Devils let loose to-
morrow, any similarity between your
banner and the tail-end of a Salvage
Drive will be purely self-explanatory.
From 12:30 until 5:30, any Gremlin
who happens to be underfoot will be
badly trampled on.

You call yourselves the “Green
Gremlins!" A more appropriate
name is not to be had. There’s
nothing greener, certainly, and what
is a Gremlin. but a pest. Pests are
always bothersome, but never of
much value. Rabbits, for instance,
eat up gardens, and all they are
good for is their hide. So with you,
little Gremlins. But don't fret—
we'll tan your hides/l

Boasts have rung out from sev-
eral of your members, that the
Green Gremlins will heckle the Blue

 

Want to Win a Bond?
Buy Ticket To State Special

The rabbit to be pulled out of
the hat October 30 at the All-
State Special will be in the form
of a $25 War Bond. This bond
will be won by some student in
the donation contest that night.

Everyone is urged to buy his
ticket now. $120 is the aim of
each presentation. the total profit
being used in some contribution
to the war effort.

Commuters can buy their tick-
ets Tuesday and Wednesday at a
table in the lower hall of Draper.
A ticket agent in each group
house will be available to students
living there.

The goal set by Myskania and
Student Council will be attained
only through the cooperation of
all State students. So—all you
stators—back the attack by back-
ing the first "Big Ten,” the All-

 

State Special.

 

 

 

 

Commuters Club Holds
First Meeting of Year

The Commuters’ Club held its first
meeting for this year last Tuesday
in Room 100 of Draper. At that
time, plans for the year were pre-
sented by Dorothy Dralle, ’45, Presi-
dent.

Letty Palmatecr. '45. was elected
Secretary of the club. Members made
tentative arrangements to serve at
the War Stamp Booth. A Hallowc'en
[Jl'il'ly is planned for Friday, Octo-
ber 29.

Although the club now has thirty
members, Miss Drallc declares, “All
connnuters are invited to join. A
good program is planned."

The next meeting will be a lunch-
eon party on Tuesday, October 10
at noon.

Devils until the end. Tomorrow's
Banner Hunt will tell the tale. True,
Gremlins—fragile little creatures
that they are—can slip into unseen
places. But, can they avoidrSatan’l
watchful eye?

True, also, that you out-number
us by almost two to one, but the
Sophs have the strategy to dodge
the swarms of Gremlins that guard
your treasure. Every nook and
crack will be thoroughly investigat-
ed. No holds will be barred in secur-
ing the banner from the verdant
frosh.

So it appears the contest is to be
Numbers vs. Brains, or Green
Gremlins vs. Blue Devils. Which
quality will prove most advanta-
geous?

Predictions are not in order, but
don't be too surprised if, after to-
morow the halls of State College
vibrate from the ferocity with which
the Sophs burst forth, and the walls
echo their triumphll

Campus Day__

(Continued from Page 1)
Coronation Ceremony at Night

The paramount feature of the
Campus Day tradition is the crown-
ing of the new Campus Queen in
the evening. Tomorrow night at
8:30 PM. in Page Hall, the start of
the Royal Procession will be announ-
ced by two Sophomore pages. The
attendants, two women from each
class who have been chosen by Stu-
dent Council, will lead the Proces-
sion. The new Queen, donning the
traditional long black ermine-trim-
med cape, will be the last to enter
the auditorium. The Procession will
then go up and down the aisles and
up onto the stage, where the 1941
queen, Marion Duffy, will crown
the new Campus Queen, who will
then occupy the throne at the cor-
ner of the stage.

Entertainment will be provided
with the presentation of the Sopho-
more and freshman skits. A new
system is being inaugurated this
year by awarding one and a half
Rivalry points to the winner of the
skit. The judges will base their de-
cision on cleverness and ingenuity.
execution. and audience enjoyment.

Following the skits, the new Cam-
pus Queen will lead the Recessional
to the gymnasium where dancing
will conclude the evening's festivi-
tics.

Re:NEWS Advertising Manager

At a recent meeting of the News
Board, Jane Pickert. '44, Business
Manager of the STATE COLLEGE News,
was officially granted the right to
combine her duties with those
usually designated to the Advertis-
In},r Manager. This change was nec-
essitated by the resignation of
Carmelina Losurio, '44, former Ad-
vertising Manager, who has left
school.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Try Our Ilusinessman’s Lunch

DIAL 5—1913

OAFETEIIIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY 9' 00.

Department Store
North Pearl Street, Albany, N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR 83 YEARS

 

 

 

 

‘_’.‘;~!"m.|¢ew1‘:1twmm1mmﬁ'ﬁmmu  . t .

ma. «raw ..~.,--,,,.._

 

