  

'-v«—.~.....-_‘_,_4 _

I. minimum—ML, w ,

m u. 4. sw'~. a;

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I916
by the Class of 1918
No.20

 

Friday, March 12, 1943
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper or the New York state Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associationé
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Slavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-275

Vol. XXVII

IIFIIIINTID FBI NATIONAL ADVIITIIINC IV

ttahonaIAIIvertIslngSemce, Inc.
Coll-n Publishers Representative

‘20 MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.

cuIcsco - laurel - Lol Analul - hit Fulcuco

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - - EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

FLORA M- GASPARV } . . - co.MANAGINO EDIroRs
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS - " "
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - -
KATHERINE COUSINS - -

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR

 

PETER MARCHETTA - - . _ -

JANET BAXTER - . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BERNARD SKOLSKY . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
cg!“

 

iunications should be addressed to the editor
lidld C33}; be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its

view.

Strengthening Finance Board

Two weeks ago Student Council presented
the Student Association with two Constitu-
tional Amendments designed to strengthen the
ﬁnancial system of the Association. In reality
the amendments presented are vague and are
couched in general terms. Such phrases as
"question and expenditure", “impose further
restrictions", “in any manner as it sees fit”,
only tend to complicate matters still more.

The effect of the following substitute amend-
ments, embodying the merits of those in-
troduced by Student Council, will serve to
strengthen an otherwise weak ﬁnancial struc—

ture:
ARTICLE IX
Finances

Section 1. All the expenses of the Association and
all authorized indebtedness shall be met by a per
capita tax, levied annually. The ﬁnances shall be
under the jurisdiction of the Board of Audit and
Control, whose membership and election is provided
for in Article VII.

8. The Board of Audit and Control shall provide all
organizations receiving money from the Student Asso-
ciation treasury with uniform sets of books and in-
structions for their use.

b. The Board of Audit and Control shall prevent
the transfer of funds by any organization from one
line of its budget to another. The Board shall also
prevent the transfer of funds from one organization
to another.

c. The Board of Audit and Control is authorized to
appoint a competent auditor who shall check the
books of each organization. The Board shall publish a
Iii-monthly statement of Student Association finances
containing the current receipts and expenditures of
each organization.

(I. The Board of Audit and Control shall see to it
that all monies earned in any manner whatsoever by
any organization shall become a part of the treasury.
and shall not be used by the earning organization
except through legal budetary channels, No monies
in the treasury may be spent in any way except by
strict accountability through II voucher system.

c. The Board of Audit and (‘ontrol shall maintain a
standing fund of no more than one hundred (100)
dollars from which it may, after formal application.
award a deficiency appropriation to any organization.
Organizations may appeal for redress to the Student
Association.

f. The Board of Audit and Control shall, with the
President of Student Association as chairman, formu—
late (in open hearing) and submit to the Association
for final approval, the Annqu Budget. The heads
of each organization shall appear individually before
the Board and they must, through the use of previous
accounts and statistics, prove the justification of each
item to the satisfaction of a majority of the Board,
the President of Student Association voting. The
Board shall have the power by majority vote to cor—
rclaic, revise, reduce or increase the estimates.

g. Whenever any organization shall. in the opinion
of the lionrd of Audit and (‘ontrol, violate any of the
preceding clauses, the lloard shall have the power to
withhold further funds from that organization. Willi-
holding of funds shall be at the discretion of the
Board. Organizations may appeal to the Student
Association for redress.

II. The llourd of Audit and (‘ontrol may make
rules for carrying into execution the powers III-rein
granted it.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY MARCH 12, 1943

 

by Herb Leneker

A substitute amendment, designed to sharpen the
teeth of the present budget amendments by speciﬁc
allocations of authority, will be introduced today. . . .

The bells are ringing dep’t: DAN BUCCI, Hunter
Field, Ga., was married 2 weeks ago . . . Lieut. JOHN
SCHOENENBERG, Camp Gordon, will have one of the
same this spring . . . Shirley Kyle & IRA HIRSCH set
the date for next month . . . IRA’s taking speech at
Northwestern, awaiting call from communications
division of the Air Corps. . . .

V for visitors dep’t: ED BURKE, Armored Division,
dropped in with the little woman last Fri. . . . Just
finished 16 weeks of basic training . . . Ensign JERRY
SADDLEMIRE leaves Sun. for the big city . . . Navy
ﬁgures he should continue his education for a while
longer . . . Lieut. HAM ACHESON dashed around the
halls looking for the Dean last publication day I . . ls
doing naval radio work at Fisher's Island _ . . Tech
Sgt. LOUIS FINK took advantage of a delayed routing
Wed. . . . He ain't saying nothing about nothing . . .
BILL TERWILLIGER leaves tonight after a 3-day
visit . . . Is a Link Trainor instructor now, but has
been appointed an aviation cadet , . ARNIE EL-
LERIN, Aberdeen Proving Ground, will be here some—
time today or tomorrow.

 

 

Keep your eye on the barometer dcp’t: Lieut. ED
REYNOLDS, base weather officer at Fort Dix, de-
scribes meteorology as “good stufl'. but rough." . . .
Locales the following balloon watchers: BARNEY
TUTTLE—Stewart Field, West Point . . . ED BROM-
LEY studied at Cal. Tech., now in Alaska . . . Lieut.
BOB DECKER’s making forecasts for the Navy at
Boston . . . Lieut. MAX EDELSTEIN’s doing the same
in Rhode Island . . . Still at NYU, AL DUMOT, BOB
MacGREGOR. MIKE DeJOII, and TOM BREEN . . .
These four should look up “BUTCH” FEIGENBAUM,
RALPH FREDRICK, GEORGE GRAY, and GLENN
DeLONG, recent arrivals _ . . PETE PORCINO likes
the set-up at Hamilton College . . . “The oilicers are
the best possible and the going hasn’t been too tough
yet . , . DICKIESON, CAPUANO, and GRIFFEN are
also here. GANAKAS was sent to Haversford, Pa."

The wide blue yonder dcp’i: JOHNNY ALDEN,
Jones Field, has graduated from the dodo stage . . .
“Am fast becoming an intrepid birdman” . . . So is
WENDELL CADY, Craig Field . , . “It won't be long
until I have my wings. They’re grooming us for com—
bat shortly after graduation . . ," HERM BLUMEL,
Atlantic City, describes the radical change from col-
lege life: “I thought when I came down here I'd be
marching & exercising, but I’m still listening to ice--
lures!" . . . BOB COMBS is really heppcd to the Air
Corps . . . "Really great stuff . . . I never know what
I wanted to do before. but I do now” . . . Say hello to
that BUM you room with. , . .

Mulligan stew dep't: 2nd Licut. MARIE ME’l‘Z,
waac, worked her way up from the ranks . . . Now at
Chicago recruiting office, 166 West Van Burcn St. . . .
Would enjoy having any grads “stop in for a chat on
their way through this crossroads" . . , O’CONNOR,
BARTMAN, and CAPEL write from Upton that they
have been put in charge of all incoming ERC‘s . . .
"We assign tents and detail work" , . . Send cheerful
descriptions of what they have in store for some of
us . . . Sgt. BOB CARR is II cryptographcr stationed
with the RAF . . . Lost heard of in Cairo, Egypt , . .
BJ writes that MAC didn't have Pneumonia . . . Just
n tonsil I'cmovcd . . , HELMU'I‘H SCHOEN tells that
it takes 50 gals. of oil to heat their but for about 3
days . . . SANTI POCINO, Camp Upton, has been
accepted for OCS. Ensign DENSMORE's Lil sea on the
U.  S. MW 7 . . . Is with communications & naviga—
lions . . . Ensign ’I‘OM BARRINGTON ranked 2nd in
his class of 2,000 . . . Now teaches Ordinance at North-
western, beams on apt pupil DICK LONDALE ,
2nd Lieut. DUKE HIRSCH's located at Camp Camp-
bcll , . . LLOYD KELLY traded his gold bar in for a
silver one . . . TOM FEENEY was doc to leave l“lil'l
Monmouth ycslcrdny . . Destination unknown . . .

None of our business dcp't: Wc'rc going to misc
ll question concerning ltcsidcncc ('ouncil. but we want
it understood thIIl it is ()K with us if thc scwing
ciI'clc kccps going . _ . Aftci' IIll, criticism is thc lift-
of all democratic organizations, and Itcsidcncc ('oIIIIcll
sci-Ins to how: plcnly of lifc. . . .

Case No. 1 Group houses with 12 to 15 inmates III'I-
cntitlcd to 1 I'cprcscnliilivc on thc Council. Ycl, Ihc
cntirc (form, which nIcIIIIs ‘l houscs plus Ihc big housc
(no connection with II prison, Ilcspilc Ihc scurchligliis).
and includes 100 girls, has only 1 l'l'lii‘t‘hi‘lilillth‘
'l'lIIn'cl'oI‘c, according to IlIc pII-sI-III ('oIIIIcIl. llit‘ Will
of 15 pcopli: cIjIIiIls lllt' will III 100

is [his dcnioci'ncy'.’

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

t'.\I.l'.\Ii.\lt MIII iii WAA swimnuny

Mar. 12 WAA Spot is chum IIL I’IIbliI: liiitlI No1

Spree In Page iinli gym, it. ‘1 l' .

ii to iii 1'. M. Admission Mill". ltl HCA meeting III

tree, the iiiIIIIIgc, 12:15!) 1‘. M.
Mar. 13 ~ffiil‘li'n Riot, IIII- 'l‘hc liov. Mr. Mltyliltl'tl

mini Newman Club St. w1ii spunk on "The l’uI'-

Patrick celebration, in iI'IIics oi Jesus."

the Commons, 800 to 12 Mar. 17 ‘1" l‘ o n c h Club

I’. M. Atlliilhhlliii75(1pifi' meeting in Ihc IIUIIIIIH‘,

couple. 7::Iti l‘. M. '

Axis Advance to Capture Kharkov

For the ﬁrst time in three months,
the aggressive Russian Army is suf—
fering a severe setback. All else in
the war around the world—sharp
Soviet advances in northern Russia,
progressive improvement in the
Allied situation in North Africa,
and effective continuation of the
Allied air offensive against the con-
tinent—was cast almost into obscur—
ity by the immcnsity of the battle
before Kharkov.

For here the Germans are within
15 miles of Kharkov and the Reds
are defending its with their backs
against the wall. The possible
reason for the Nazi advance, which
was made by the use of big fresh
troops, to gain ultimate control of
the fertile Donets Basin. With its
wheat and valuable minerals, it
would provide much needed aid foi-
the Nazi supply wagon.

Northward. however, other Soviet
armies were having things pretty
much their own way. From here
comes word of marches against
Smolensk and Lake Ilmcn.

NAMES TO WATCH FOR . . .
Stalino, the key to the Sea of Azov.
The Nazis have this strongly forti-
fied, for if taken by the Russians, it
will prove fatal to a huge number
of enemy troops,

The past week again proved cost—
ly to Desert Fox Rommel. General
Montgomery, by continued attacks
in the early part of the week, has
driven his opponent well back into
the hills, capturing 33 tanks, many
supplies, and wiping out troops.

Lately, bad weather has caused a
lull in activity. with only minor p11—
trols rcconnoitcring on both siding

In the Far East, Japanese ..nd
Americans have traded blows
against Munda on New Georgia and
in the New Guinea area. Mac-
Arthur sent word of an 21(l(llli"lllll
pair of Jap cargo ships which .I-m
sunk on route to I'cinforcc Now
Guinea strongholds.

Bombing of German Cilll's uni
German occupied territory . In-
tinned with increased \’t‘liL’iiiI".I‘Q
For the 12th time in two Wick),
the Royal Air Force has rclI-nmtl
a large—scale attack—this I.znc
against Munich. Should lllcsc lun‘c
bombings continue, Germany would
be left with only one front to IIth
on—thc Russian. Their homc l1II1.1
will soon be reduced to sinolIlI..:..
ruins.

Ambassador Standlcy's l't‘lII.I1'li-,
against Russian publicity of liwl~
Lease aid brought forth II Sllill.‘ 4.1
protest from American diploiv 
circles. His diatribe, undiplor;
though it was. achlcvcd its I I
Shortly after his shItcnII-ni w
Russian radio broadcast tho  .7
plctc situation in regard to IJIII
Cross and Lcnd—Lcasc {till 1.. 
Russian public.

On the home front, \t'tIHl Iizw .
from Washington that wc wI}
have on 11,000,000 mIIII arm}, 1‘
rather one of 15,000,000 Al-o
mid-summer, it is cxpchml 
men with 3-A Classifications  w
inducted.

 

FOR 83

 

W. M. WHITNEY 8: CO.

DEPARTMENT STORE
NORTH PEARL STREET, ALBANY, N. Y.

ALBANY‘S SHOPPING CENTER

YEARS

 

DO YOU DIG IT?

Submitted by David P. Billings,
Universin of California

, E
e “DON‘ B

1
A“ Ac“ 1 wooFERS w
0

\"ﬁ

 

SEND US YOUR SLANG AND GET $10 IF WE USE IT

 

Address: College Dept, Pepsi—Cola C0,, Long Island City, N- Y-

 

Pepﬂ'com company' long “and Clin NIT. Bottled locally by Franchised Battlers.

 

Kimmie

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH tit, 19’43

Hicks Explains Problems Facing Prospective Teachers;
Each Must Decide How to Give Greater Service

This is the first instalment of the
fifth article in a series Iphich will
appear in the News on Why Ric-
main in Teaching?” They are writ-
ten by eminent members of the
faculty. This article is by Dr. J.
Allen Hicks, Professor of Education.

Should I quit teaching and join
the WAAC‘.’ Should I try to get a
job in a war industry? As teachers
in service and as students preparing
to teach, those of us who still have
a choice. are asking ourselves such
questions and giving various‘an—
swers. These are the obvmus,
spoken questions. but fundament-
ally cach of us is askmg two ques-
tions of ourselves,—~Would I get
more personal satisfaction out of
some activity other than leaching?
and would I make a greater con—
iribuiion to the common welfare
through services other than teach—
ing‘.’

To the extent to which we are
selfish and socially irrcsponsiblc
persons, the question of personal
satisfaction is our mum concern.
Restless, because we are living in
uncertain times, bored because we
do not. find a challenge in teaching,
Worried by our personal problems.
attracted by the greater immediacy
and drama of other activities. we
leave teaching to gain for our—
selves grczitcr personal satisfactions
through better pay. grculcr prestige
or more adventurous living.

Social Contributions

To the extent to which we arc
socially minded we give concern to
the question as to how we can makc
our greatest social contribulion Wc
iii‘t,‘ rgcnuincly concerned to know
whether teaching is really as im—
portant to tho nation's \vcll'zu'c as
we are told. Most of our work in
schools is Lmspcclucuhu'. None of
us will win badges for excellence in
production. The effects of our cf-‘
forts to influence the behavior of
our pupils are often uncertain. Wc
must rely upon faith rather than
upon concrete evidence. thn Ihc
fate of the nation trcinbles in lhc
balance, teaching children to road
may seem drab and unimportant.
We wonder if it is on‘llIWhilc to
attempt to develop :ij.)1'cciutioIis of
the good and beautiful in art, music
and literature in a world in which
the gods of war seem to destroy
faster than we build. We wondcr
if perhaps this dcspcrnlc urgency
does not demand that our efforts
should be expended in the armed
services or in producing vitIIl prod-
ucts of food and InchhiIIcs of \‘\'lll'.
finch Must Decide

No one of us can prcstiinc to illi—
swcr these questions for another.
Each of us must make our decision
in relation to our particular cir-
cumstances. We would not criticize
the married man willi children who
leaves II $1400 teaching position to
corn much morc in II war industry
if the community docs not adjust
his salary to mch Ihc rising costs
of living. Surcly i1 is unfair to tcll
such zI man it is lil: patriotic duty
to stay in chIching. ll [caching is
important, thcn IlIc community
must show it IhiIIks so by paying
:Itlclllliilc sIIlIII'ics 'l'cnchcrs iII‘c
pcoplc itiitl L'lIIiIlIIl livc on pnlriol—
ism or conccru for thc icncrnl wI-l—
l'III'c.

As wc cIIclI :IIIswcr for oIiI‘scle-s
our (nicslions Ellitilll [cm-hing, tin
IIIIsI-llishly Ins ciI'cIIIuslzuIt-cs will illv-
low, wc shouhl kccp in lilllitl two
L'IIlilillillllIIlis wc I‘iill lllitlit‘ Io Ihc
lIVcs ol IItii‘ pupils. 'l'hcsc ilI‘t‘ con-
lI'ilIIIlioII-; of fIIIIIhIIIII-nlol Import-
IIIIcI- itlitl it \\‘c fulfill lllt'lli \vcll, Wc

 

PublICIty—
If'IIIIliIIIIcIl from pogo I, I‘tlfilllill ll
Albany IIt‘\\'n|IiilIt'l’r. lh llowiutl
llolicll. I’I'ol'cssoi' of l\’l;IllIcIII.IIIc-~..
hos voIIIIIlch'I-Il Io lukc piclIII'cs ol
slIItchIls illitl sIInlI-III cvcnls lo uc»
compuin Ihcsc III'ticlcs 'l‘his projch
will lIc tlUIil' III conjunction with
l’II-ss liill't'llll.

'l'lIt' t'tilIIIIlllll‘l‘ Illiilih
Incl-ling for lVloiIIlny. _

'l‘lII- ('iIlliIllillt't' iiIclIIIlI-s l)l‘. liouIr.
(' .loIIcs, Assistant l’I'olImnoI‘ o1
l‘ilIIJ,ll.\lI, clIIIiI'IuIIII; lh'. litl\\'iii'(l lio»
lit'll. l’I'ol'I-ssor of lVllethnIItics; lVli’n
Agncs UIIch'Wood, Secretary to tho
Alumni Association of Static (.‘ollcgt’;
Mr. .lIIIIIcs (lcmmcll, Instructor in
(.‘oInIIIcI'cc; lii'. l"loy(l lIcIu'icksoII,
Assistant Professor of l'iilIIcIIlioII for
Visual Aids; Jimcl liiixlcr, 'Il-l, illitl
Frances Bourgeois, '43.

IIIIoIlIcI'

can hold up our heads with faith
and scif-i'especiv—knowing that we
also serve who teach. And indeed,
if We cannot gain such faith in the
worth of touching, We should leave
teaching forthwith, for we cannot
leach well or hope to help our
pupils attain faith when we our—
selves do not have it.

The first great contribution we
can make to our pupils is to help
them develop thorough social com«
pctencc. We can touch more ef-
fectively than ever before in order
to make possible the development
of each individual child. We can
vitalizc what we teach, drop need-
less deadwood from our courses of
study and add new content to Inch
both war llii(l post-war ncctls of
children. We can use the hcsl.
methods of [caching than we know
or can discovor. and chullcngc our
pupils to rcnlizc their fullest potcn-
tinlilics. We can be satisfied only
with thoroughly compctcnt pupils
leaving our schools; cquippcd with
Ihc skills of spccch, rcntling, writ—
ing, IIumlIcrs, ziIIII Ihc Iu'ls; cnpnhlc
of thinking cchII'Iy. indcpcntlcntly
and with inmginniion; knowing how
to livc thIllhfully. to do socially
uscful Work, and to live coopcrn-
livcly with IhciI' fellow Incn in
Ilcighbol‘llootls. in the state, in the
nation, and in thc world.

Our challenge is simply to do
better what we are already doing
well and in so doing we are render-
ing a service to our society of stag-
gering Imignitude. Through all of
our war activities we can beat the
enemy who would destroy our free—
doms. But only as the children in
our schools today are well edu-
cated can we hope in the post-war
world to preserve and extend our
freedoms. The America of tomor—
row is being moldcd by the teach—
ers of today. Close the schools for
five years and to win the war of the
battlefields would be but to lose the
struggle for a better world.

This then is our first. great con-
tribution—lo leach better than ever
before for all around social compet—
cncc. For the long time welfare of
our nation this is of paramount im—
portance and I suggest that every
teacher should for the sake of his
own morale hold his head high and
face each day with the thought,
“What I do for children today will
he of great significance if I Inch
tho opportunity as I should."

Harp's Riot Tomorrow

Calling all gnssoons and collccns!
Tomorrow night in the Commons
from 8:30 to 12 PM. the Irish cic—
Iucnl III StzIIc will have its annual
l'lnrp's Riot.

ALL OVER THE WORLD

America’s 900,000 aviation workers

combine their skill and experience to satisfy today's
demand for vital war necessities. Thanks to our air-
plane mokers, ground crews and pilots like Capt.
Hookon Gulbrdnsen (shown here), of Pan American
Airways, needed supplies are flown to our fighting

  

 

topyIIghI l'Ili,1.II,i.LII A: MII

men all over the world.

rcttc lob”C
SIIIOking

'I'IIuAI t o (,u,

Amendments

(Continued from page 1, column 5)
or add to their budgets wherever-
deemed necessary. Finanicc Board
then submits the complete Budget
to the Student Association for up-
proval.

This amendment would merely
transfer the right of Finance Board
to submit the Budget to Student
Council.

The third and last resolution,
proposed by David Slavin, ’43, pro-
vides for special elections in the
event any Student Association office
becomes vacant during the academic
year. Myskania is to call a special
nomination convention within seven
days after the vacancy occurs, at
which time eligible persons may be
nominated. Election is to take place
one week after the nominations.

The resolution also provides for
the appointment by Myskaniu of an
unofficial delegate lo Student Coun—

PAGE 3.

 

(Continued from page 1, column 3)
the transfer of funds by any organi-
zation receiving funds from the Stu-
dent ’i‘ux from one line of its budget
to another.

(c) The Finance Board shall prevent
the transfer of funds from any organ-
Izutton receiving funds from the Stu-
dent 'I‘II.\' to any other such orgnhl-
zntlon.

(II) The Finance Board may at any
time Impose further restrictions on
the finances of organizations receiv-
lng support. from the student tax.
(e) Decisions of the Finance llonrd,
based upon the above paragraphs
may be appealed to the Student
Council lilltl thence to the Associa-
tion as provided In the lty-Iu’ws.
Hection Al.

 

oil in the event that the office of
President of Student Association
becomes vacant. This person would
keep Mysknnin informed of the
proceedings of Student Council.

 

HOLSUM

J. L. KIMM .Y BAKERY

KIMMEY’S BREAD

KLEEN-MAID WHEAT
HOLSUM CRACKED WHEAT

(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

(WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
   

ilf' Gigi! .
I I , i I0” I \
Ilcn In (he so , ,. L‘s
'/'/m/’s' z / chc' “um”? I t 1
‘ W ‘ . ' ) I .
(4.”,‘870m1/(1/ //I//m/1.s~ (MM/[1),], It
‘ 3(IIIL’ I' 4 1 ' l"‘v""
(UN/ 3/1/7) (m / lulu, ‘s‘lf’pﬁt’r/ / III/bl I'll/7A7}
Th p I ’ ﬂ/(H/I / ) VIII/II (II /
c“-  C 0 (Twit), pawl/("V ‘ l( /’//(1Al

h ffllll [nukes

  
      
   
   
     
   
     
   

   

 

 

