 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a- ans-condo: .4-

 

 

   

 

Voi. XXVII

Mcinbt-r
Associated (‘nlii-giiitc I’rcss

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Embllrhod May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

October a. 1943 ‘ No. 4

Distributor
Collegiate Dim-sf

'l‘hn iindnrrrndiuitc newspaper of’ file New York State (‘ollcgc_l‘or ’l‘cachcrs:
published (i‘\-cry Friday of the College year by the NEWS Iloiiril for tho Mudcni

Association. Phones: Office. 5-9373;

2—2752.

liaxfi-r. 2-55-15: Sicngcl, H-L’Hfli: l'lcki'i‘l.

RIPIIIINTID Fol NATIONAL ADVIITIIING II

National Advertising Service, Inc.

College Publisher: Reprermmtive

420 MADISON A‘Il.

NEW YORK. N. Y.

Cmcnoo ' BOIIOI ' LOU AIIILII ' SAN Fuuciuco

MARY B. STENGEL
JANET K. BAXTER
JANE PICKERT - '
LILLIAN GROSS '
BERTRAM KILEY

5U NNA COOPER - ' '

JANE HEATH - ‘ '
DOROTHY MEYERS - '

The News Board

- EDITOR-IN-CHIEF’
- - CO'EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
- - CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
- - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

- - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

mfﬁ'dm 2

All cmnmnnii-afions should Ili' mldrcsscd to illl' editor and must lu- slgiicd.

Nana-s will be withhold upon room-sf.

'l'lli' H’I'A'l‘lil t‘iil.l.lu‘illil NEWS :issillni-s

no responsibility for opinions i-xprcsscd in its columns m- plumnnnlpmll”I< .N
such i-rliriisslons do not ucccssiil'lly l'l'lIl't‘l its \’low.

Commuting Problem

All students in the College are
organized through their group
houses, with the exception of com-
muters. Commuters are confronted
with two obstacles. They don't got
around much. because the majority
of them live some distance away.
Commutors who are Independents
are hadlcapped even more so because
they miss the sense of security and
belonging that comes from a tightly-
woven group.

Last year. a Commuters Club was
formed, but it fizzled. No one seem-
ed to hear of it. Some did not even
know it existed. including commu-
tors.

As a result of this, these people
are forced to attend College merely
for the courses. They have just as
much right as the rest to the benefits
of College. Enough variety in per-
sonality is among them. btit they
are not utilizing it. They are merely
remaining a mass of passiveness.

The answer to this problem is to
put the cards on the table. although
they may seem to be stacked against
them. The commuters should get
together. and attempt a solution. for
their own good as well as the welfare
of the rest of the College.

Let somebody show some leader-
ship to coagulate all these commu-
ters. If internal leadership is not
evident, some faculty member or
member of Myskanla would gladly
lend a hand.

As the situation stands, this handi-
capped group ef State is just getting
further into the rut. Are they satis-
fied with their status or status quo?

If not. it's high time they were
organized. There are seine out-
standing personalities in the ranks
of the commuters. if they will but
stop to look for them.

Have special programs planned.
Enter into politics. When it comes to
an election. let them put up a candi-
date. Let them have a concession at
the State Fair, They are not con-
sidered an integral part of the extra—
class phase of State. Let their aim
be to make themselves a solid block
in the College!

Our War

It need never be said that students
at State Coilcgc are incapable of ex-
pressing their opinions. Griping,
bull sessions and semi-erudite dis-
cussions havo always occupied a
large part of our time. Howovor,
when it comes to taking definite
action upon all that We (lcclalm. we
suddenly became apathctic.

Thus it has been with tho war
effort at College. We talk about
the war; we feel sorry for our-
selves; we proff'cr swooping protu-
iscs: Wc reminisce scnlimcntaily;
most. of us rarcly advance bcyoml
the stage of' profound voliibility. If
Wc fch truly responsible in regard
to ihc war. \yc should avail ourscchs
of cvci'y opportunity to pai'ticipatc
in war activities at State.

Registration for war activities is
scheduled for next week. Urglng
100 pcr ccnt participation should
be totally unnecessary if all that
We have said has been sincere.
War Activities Council provides op-
portunities for each of us no matter
how limited our abilities. There
is no schedule into which some

aspect of war work cannot be fit.
We manage to find time for many.
many things outside of classes—
extra-curricular organizations, danc-
ing. bridge. “rushing.” These need
not be eliminated—they are impor-
tant parts of college life. We must
consider the importance of doing
our share in the war effort and
budget our time in accordance with
its importance.

Attending college in war time
demands justification. We are para-
sites lf we are going to college
merely for a good time. We must
prove our worth as potential teach-
ers—yes. We must participate in
college activities—yes. And one of
State's main activities this year
involves our doing our share 01'
war work.

Our course has been mapped out.
Let us give our wholehearth sup-
port to the "Big Ten." and register
judiciously next week.

The Time Is Now

The State College Symphony
Orchestra is being revived. After
an auspicious beginning in 1938
the organization has had to be re-
organized and rejuvenated five
years after its inception. Loss of
personnel has made the task of the
conductor doubly hard for the past
few years.

Absenteeism from the orchestra
may all too easily be blamed upon
the loss of the men from the Col—
loge. Things are different. we ad-
mit. but lack of" interest has proba-
bly accounted for more absentecs
from orchestra rehearsals than
Uncle Sam.

When Bernard Pcrlman and
George Scifert. thou freshmen in-
stituted the State College Sym-
phony Orchestra in tiic Fall of 1938
thcy achieved something compar-
able with thc founding of the New
or Music Council. In its formation
were the seeds of something which
might grow to be as big a part and
as representative of the College
as the other two organizations.
Forty students were interested
enough to help form the first or-
chcstra.

State College, a teacher training
institution. has been fortunate in
having outstanding music and dra-
matic departments. Interest in
these two. outside the necessary
(:ul'i‘iculiun, has always been lively.
a tribute to the versatility of the
students here. The AD plays and
the Operetta cach your add a zest
and variety to college life,

The formation of tlic Orchcstru
mai'kcd a further iuivanccmcn! in
ihc lick! and plncc of music in thc
Collcgc, Under the leadership of
i‘crlman for four years it furnished
the studcnt body with ihc music
thcy likcd. it promised to con-
tinue \vlicn Pcriman liandcd his
baton to Snow upon graduating.
lilarl Snow ncvcr had a cliuncc to
t'()llilllllt' Pcrlman's \vork. He, like
many othcrs was caiicd to other
fit-ids.

ch, cfi'ctlmsluiiccs i-lniiigc plans
and thc bcst laid plans of' mice
and mcn oft gang agicy. But this
is not the time to lament over
things that. might have been. A
few haVc dctcrmintsi that the Or-
chcstra will not die. They arc (in-
!crinlncd to do tho best with the
matcrlal at hand. They feel, as
should we all. that the time is NOW.

State OI Affairs

by Ohm Nlpotent

Of but one thing are we sure:
the light will come, for thus we have
been promised. Of many things
shall we be negligent, for the path
of fulfillment is dim. and the neon
rays are losing their iridescence. Of
one thing shall we then wonder: who
or what is the pilot of our dream?
For we must be led; sufficient unto
ourselves we have never become. for
always there were others.

Now we are alone. The sure foot-
ing 1 ' ‘ -‘ our feet has become quick-
sano, or. a halo crown upon our
heads has . ilwd itself back into
the mist 2‘! "il .ich it sprung. The
groping hart avails nought. for
whereseever it might touch there is
nothingness.

The documents set for us by our
stars are intangible as their origins,
and the key to the stars is forever
lost. Visions were our goals. Half
sisters to mirages. they spent them--
selves within the boundaries of our
day-dreams.

There is a mountain ahead; our
myopic vision accredits its presence.
Thus far it has manifested itself only
by its crescent peaks. but as time
trails past. its nebular nature shall
vanish and it shall become crystal-
ized. Then. we believe, shall the
answer be inevitably ours.

Moral: Seniors. let not your faith
in your exalted state keep you from
the prosaic achievement of your al-
lotted aims. Exams shall be upon
you. and the time for cramming.
Beware, lest a lachry-most intcriudc
succeed!

 

 

GaWca‘ian

To the Editor:

Gee. it's just like Old Home Work
around the place! No kidding. with
all the uniforms drifting around
this week. I‘m beginning to think
that once again State has a ratio.
It's wonderful.

Sure. but what I also want to know
—don‘t these uniformed presences
make people realize that it’s our
boys who are in this mess that these
rats over there cooked up? Don’t
they realize that it’s our boys we're
helping when we talk about War
Activities and the Big Ten? And if
they do. well, don’t they also realize
that our chance is at hand to really
do a lot?

What I am cndeavoring to say is
just this—let‘s all get behind this
idea that Myskaiiia and Student
Council dreamed up and really show
our boys that we miss ‘em and want
'cm back just like the good old days.
Corny sentiment? OK. But. by gosh.
I want to see State the way it used
to be and anything we do is going to
count 21 lot. So there!

I M Patriotic

Weekly Bulletin

NII'I‘H‘IC 'I‘O )ll'lN
.\n linporlnni inci-ilna will lu- hold
on Monday noon. lii‘lillii'f' ll. :Il i'.’
o'cloi'lt. llooli! 'inll. to .‘III\'I.\"I' l'fllif‘f‘l‘ll
lug Iln- Army .\‘nr_r i‘olli-gf- Qualifying
'i‘csi l.\ I: or \' l'..'i in in- u'iri-n on
.\'o\'i'll|l|i‘l‘ ll.

 

.\l. fl. XI‘ISiIIi.
Ill'llll ol' llli' f‘olliig’i'.
I\\ I"I'3’I'I‘1III.\

IIIli'I'\II‘\\'.\' I‘lil' Illuu- \‘llllli‘ill" \\'l|H
would Ilkn- par! limo uniploymvn! in
llh- i'nf'i'ii-I'lil \\'lll lu' Ilt‘lll \Vi-illli‘silily
morning III .\..\l. to noon.

.‘d. \'. .\‘lmi'd:i,\. \lar.
Iilllthl

All) Lili'l \\'|.~lill|;.' lu I‘i‘i'i'lyi‘ t'l‘i'illl
for riding who Inis uol rlddon \\'llll
:i \‘lllil'l'\‘l\i‘fl group should turn in :1
~pr to i'lllll'l' \lnrunri-l Si-Iiloii or
Iii-fly l‘lough io roi'll'y ihc flnn- sin-
pu-cflvi- of church affiliation. :lI'I‘ irci
lI.i.~' I'lilili'ii.

I"I‘I'2II

lli-ui~!|'n!lon lul‘ p.|r| Illu' .....|.|.._\
mvn! may in inmh- in llli‘ ol‘l‘ii‘f- of
Ilu- lii'dli of \\'onn~n

(III III II I\\ I'I‘.\'I‘It|.\

.\|l \lllili'Hls of Stair» i'ollca'c. ll'l'Iw
|qi‘t'll\l' of church affiliation .ll'i' wvl
mno- to ihc ~i-!'\li‘i-~ .ll Si \ip!!.-\\‘~
llpiswnpnl f'hurcb, i'Iil'IIi-i‘ ol \lniu .lllll
\lndiwp .\\I'l|lli'~. I'our llllii'l\\ um! o‘
Ihc colic-g.- I'.l!|li'l'll|ll"\ l'lllli

i'.\l.i-:\Ii.\it
in! N Nul'nl‘ll\ Upon Ilium». for
ll’v-llll|iil “UNIV”. 7 i'\l in ii If!

i'\ i‘hl Sigma 'l‘ln-ln, ii.imni.i

l\.|||||.! l'lu. .Ind licfu 7min
litl ll 'l'Io- II'I'III|III" .iliil slllduliulli"

of Albany \\lll \\'i'l|'ih|l|i‘ .\'!.||i ("oi

ll‘ll' ~Indini~ for ihc \oni l\'IppiiI'

~|‘I'\Il‘i‘~
ihl !.' t'omim-rm- i'lnb II!‘i'l'|Il|Ill| for

ll! 'l‘l’llllll‘ll. Iil ilil‘ Lilliput. Id”

1.. if :n! I' \I
in! l‘.‘ \Il\.i|i"i‘il lll'dllldlli" Ill'l'\l'lll*~

lliu pi.i_\« llll'i‘f'llil by \l.|r\ lioruiln

.\|don .uu-l IIiilli I"l|li' Imuc llall

.\ndf|oriiim. \ l' \I
lIi‘l ll .\‘.\\in.fn l'lulu Int-cling Tilll

|‘.\l \I'\\l|l.llI ll.il|. Ill \lndison .\\o.
Ilt'l IS. \insn- i‘oimcil ||I‘I“|'III~ t‘onrnd

'l‘hllmult, l'agi- llali Auditorium.

N l'i I \I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 0, 1943

 

1W

m

or

By KIPPY MARSH

(Ed. Note: We are only too glad to turn the column over this week,
for better or for worse to one, who in those nostalgic days not long gone
and not so long hence. wielded a mean you along with. the best of them
on the News. H is incredible sense of humor, and equally incredible per-
sonalily should be good meal for a column. Our best wishes, J. Michael).

Furleughs sure are wonderful things, and speaking for every ex-State
serviceman, let’s have more of them. Despite the strictly feminine tinge
so prevelant in Ye Olde P 0, the huge bevy of feminine beauty which
greets one in place of frigid Minerva. and the absence of many of the
faculty longing for a furlough of their own, there’s something about the
old dive that isn't changed. And that is an indefinable something that
makes long past grads. flunkies. and guys like us want to come back again
and again.

But to make this JARGON strictly G I, and hereby sounding off with
some bits of info on the boys . . . and girl. Recent visitors include (turt
Pfafl‘ from Camp Hale. Coolrade. who will start high altitude skiing soon.
Gil Snyder. transferring from engineering to pre-med. Ray Verrcy and
Ned 'l‘impanc. in ASTP engineering at the U. of Alabama. Pete Ilahota
now wearing an Ensignship. Warren Kullman all the way from RPI.
Warren Wagner. also of the slide rule batallion at NYU. Gene McLarcn.
NYU meteorology. Paul Barseiou. soon to take to the air in the Sunny
South. Sgt. .Iack Kirchcr. in advanced ASTP engineering south of the
line. Bill Tucker Marining at Dartmouth. All equally astonished at
swirling skirts. smeared lipstick. and such, which sends the heart thump-
ping to the tune “Why Don’t We Do This More Often" . . . .

But from the ruling class at State. Yee 3/c Marian Sovik. one sweet
sack of sizzling sex appeal. also put in an appearance to acid to the charm.
Doing recruiting in the environs of Chi. she is shown below signing up
Victor Mature for the SPARS.
For further details see Kiley . . .
In the Orchid Garden . . . Ensign
Pete Fulvio. conveying in the
South Atlantic. burst forth with
what appears to be a book. Story
deals with life at college. Has a
publisher nibbling at it. now. with
approval of opening and closing
chapters. which make or break
the efforts of the best of fhcm . . .

And hcnps of' roses to you aid.
The Dean. Oh Great Nameless
One, commenting to me that the
corridors now look neat etc. as
they should. but adding that the
female species still retain the
lead in Most Mcssy . . .

 

 

 

BI’l‘S FROM HERE AND THERE

Tom O'Connor at Cookerville. Tennessee. taking pro—flight. 2nd Lt.
Allen Wondcl (What fresh hasn’t copied one of his book rcporfs for
hygiene?! at Orlando. Fla.. whetting a finger to the wind . . . Ack-Ack
Ackcrinan at .J B Mo. soon to undergo the trials and tribulations of ASTP
. . . . Sgt. Lou Fink recovering from an appendectomy in North Ai'rica . . . .
Sgt. George Kunz again refused overseas duty from Avon Park. Fla. in
competition with Doc Jones by putting out a newsletter of his own . . . .
Perlman teaching and Collins learning radio at Scott Field. 111. . . .Spccd
Knblenz studying Japanese at Stanford . . . . Norm Finer at Maxwell
Field. Ala. and Fred Beyer at Albany. Ga. ready to sprout miniature wings.
. . llcrb Lcnckcr. a clerical ceinmando at San Bernadino. Cal. . . .
Sca-Going-Bcllhops Pete Marchctta and Walt Grzywacz at Quantico. Va. .

Ding Dong, Dilly Dong . . . Roz Slotc and Gordon Hastings will hc
h‘iiollcd soniclinic today (if/or which Ihc [(illm' will don lhc pun/s in “((3
family as 1W3“ us Ihc shirt all Khaki . . . . Cong/rots . . . . from mo and
the gang. . . . .
SWAN SONG

And so I lay aside this dusty typewriter to take slide rule in hand for
another period 01' concentrated education "by the numbers.” When it
gII‘Ts mit a permanent vacation. all of us will be back to take up wlicrc
we left. off. In ihc meantime it's up to you to keep that old spark alive
on the home front. Thanks for listening . . . .

I'vt. .I. M. Ilippick. BS. ’I‘S. aml (‘I)I).

War Fronts

By RIIONA RYAN

Today i want to exorcise the time-honored prerogative of' all
columnists, and write about something that's been on my mind. i
don't see why I should always have to write a summary of thc ncws.
bccniisc you rcitdcrs (if, sin'prisc, I havc any) can get that in fivc
minutes of listening to a radio. i want to spend more time on a few
things. and skip the hasty rcsinnc of the news.

Ami now I got to thc point. And that is l huli Burton [\'. \\'hcc|cr!

Burton is a bungling incompclcnf. and a criminally stupid public
servant. Ah. you say. those are strong words, ltynn. \Vcil. wc'll tnkc
just this one cxnmplc of \\’licclcr‘s usual way of. handling a situation.
\thcicr. as you all know. lins bccn trying to prcvcntilic drafting
of fntlicrs. lilvcryonc ltiiou's that lll flic smallcr communitics f‘ollici's
hnvc bccn licing drafted sincc last January. \\’licclcr luis bccn frying
fol prcyciif ihc drafting of prc-l'cni'l lliiriior f'uthci's. though. Now
this is somihing that couldn't be t'l'lllt'lZL‘tl. liul \viu-n a man proposcs
such a bill in ihc Niifioiinl Congrcss, fuxpnycrs havc cvcry right to
cxpccf him to hc prcpnrcd with facts and figurcs. \\'c HlillI‘ll('-Ill'£ll'il'il
yofcrs usually lli‘llt‘l'l' \\‘llill oui' congrcssnicn say. thinking illf‘i' know
inorc than \vc do about if. I ) .

So \vlii-n thclcr nnnounccd flint tlicrc \Vi'l't' thousands of nvnilnhlc
incn hidng in gori-rnmcnt jobs in \\’imliington. wc though! how isn't
mm H [H‘I‘lllh' “mil-i “ill “WW” llif' story that didn't main: flic frloni
pngc. An official of onc of ihc ;.-,ovcriimcnf burcaus clinilcngcd Win-clci'
to quofofigurcs. Ami. you gucsscd ii. liurfon hadn't any figurcs n! all
on lIll‘ situation. llc'd just sirnclt out blindly. and didn't rcally know
who! in- was lniking about. You We what I moan about his llt‘lli' n
bungling incompctcnt'.’ ' k

VWcil. win-n tlic whole thing clcarcd up. i! appcarcd that only lt)’.
of Ifhc govcrnmcnf workcrs are eligible for thc draft and nrc stcndily
bcing (Il'lllit'il. and all arc. classified. and pigcoii—liolcd by tho Army illlil
thing's arc nil according to lloylc. Burton‘s stntcmcnt madc flu" first
page. 'l‘lic rciufiifion made about tiic twonficth. I .

The best i can say for him  at least he's alw
'l‘hiii. is when you don't think abn
incredible vanity makes him.

 

 

 

uys good for a laugh.
iii how dangerous his stupidity and

   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER

0, 1943

PAGE 3

 

Freshmen Buy Assembly Seals;
Smug SOphs Snicker Loudest

by Joan Berberlch

“Step right up. folks, and buy
your seat for the weekly assemblies!
«Only 15 cents per person! Sign your
name here for your seat in the State
College auditorium! Line forms at
the right!"

Over 150 State College students
“lined up at the right." signed their
names and ineekly offered their fif-
teen cent contributions. “What’s
happening at State?" and “Since
when do we pay for seats in assem-
bly?" were the mumbled. incoherent
grumblings of upperclassmen as they
tramped by the booth. but many
freshmen. a few scattered transfers
and one lone senior were caught in
the meshes of the unwieldy not laid
by a few "old-timers!"

Yes. this happened at State Col-
lege. Some over-exuberant upper-
classmcn set tip a booth on Activities
Day advertising the sale of seats in
assembly at 15 cents per seat. Did the
student body fall for it? . . . Over
150 of them (lid! Did the “gay.
young sophs" get a laugh out of the
freshmen's mistake? Will anyone
ever forget the single Senior who. in
his fourth year at State. was ready
to hand over fifteen cents for
place in assembly? Who. by the
way, is this bright young senior? Is
it a light-hcadcd young lady with
her mind on her date of the night
before . . . or a blithe young thing
dancing hither and thither? No! It
is one of the few men left at State

s.
,_

 

-Jack Daly. ’44! What’s the mat-
ter, Jack? Has the awful ratio of
men to women at State left you com-
pletely befuddled?

Nor is the selling of assembly
seats the only playful endeavor
of State College students this year.
Activities Day saw another strange
and novel booth erected in the Com-
mons soliciting freshmen to sign
up for that venerable and select
group — Myskania. Forty-seven
blushing, modest freshmen shyly
admitted they were ready to pay
their dues for the privilege of being
allowed to wear a black cap and
gown at Friday assemblies. Poor
dcars! What a shame to shatter
their hopes of “trying-out" for the
senior leadership society.

Who were the master-minds bc-
hind thesc intricate plans? Ozzie
Serabian certainly could no! plead
“not guilty." She disappeared
rather ostcnatiously when we ap-
pcalcd to her for facts and figures!
As for the others let them bcwarc!
’l‘he S'l‘A'i‘l'i Contact: News will un-
earth their nainesll

And so Activities Day ended-
]in disappointed freshmen and one
rather disgruntled senior \vcarily
returned to dorms and cottages to
renew their confidence and ego.
The words on their lips were
“Sempcr pro me." No longer will
they be entrapped in unlikely
schemes. 'l‘hcy'rc smart now.

 

Stokes Reveals
Orientation Plans

According to Dr. Ellen G. Stokes,
Dean of' Weincn, the Orientation
Course for freshmen will include
lecturcs and discussions by guest
speakers. faculty, and students.

This year. because of requests by
some of‘ the freshmen, study tech-
niques are being given early in the
term. Thcsc lectures are devised to
help students rcgulafc their time
and gth‘ a master plan for study
habits.

For thosc students not taking
Hygicnc this term, seine of the
main health problems will be dis-
cussed in bricf.

Within fhc next few works can-
didates l'or class officers will be
nominated and voted upon under
the guidance of Myskania.

In the early part of November.
questions relating to sororities, par-
ties, and bids will be discussed so
the frcslnncn will be acquainted
with the facts and procedure fol—
lowod at State before the time for
joining.

Included in Orientation will be
discussions and advice with regard
to manners, social conduct, and
good grooming.

Talks on college traditions will be
given to inform new students of
the activilics at State College so
they, too, may bccomc a part of' the
traditions.

In order to help ihc freshmen
decide on the organizations in
which to participate. lectures and
discussions will be held on extra-
curricular activities. By this me-
thod the students will know the
functionings of thc club, and con-
fusion as to what to join will in-
avcrtcd.

lf' tin-rc are any special problems
or mattcrs which ihc freshmen
want discussed. the faculty will try
to fit. them in ihc coursc if there
arc cnongh studcnts hitcrcsfcd to
warrant lhc limc.

Student Tax Ticl<et Sale
Still Below 100" Goal

'i‘hc sui- ol u])]il‘ti\lti!:ilcl_\' tilt)
\llitll'lll f:i\ lll'lil'i\ indii'nli-s llml
lllt‘l'1' ni'c lit) siudcnts who how not
ici purclnccd thcir cards,

According to Dr. Edward L. Uoopcr.
Faculty Adviscr to imincc liourtl.
illi'l'i‘ has hccn \'cry littlc incrcasi-
in llll' iicki-t salt-s ovcr a period of
ihc last Iwo \vccks. making an addi-
tion of only $96 to thc pi'cvious total
of $9.731).

’i‘lir $12 fcc may bc paid to Dr.
'loopcr. Supcrvisor of Connncrcc in
Mlllll‘. or Mr. York, Proi'cssor of
Connnci'cc.

Freshmen Cub Classes
Will Begin Tuesday

Cub classes for all freshmen inter—
ested in thc S'l‘A'l‘l-l COLLEGE Nicws will
be hclcl in Room 111 in Draper. the
first of' which is next Tuesday at
noon. This incluclcs those freshmen
who signed up for the editorial and
sports department in the Commons
on Activitics Day. Dorothy Mcycrs.
Janc Heath and Sunna Coopcr. As-
soc1afc Editaors of the NEWS, will
give ihc instructions. altcrnafing
cvcry wcck.

Here is an opportunity for the stu-
dcnfs to lcarn the intricate parts of
nc\vspapcr writing including ar-
ranging make-up. writing headlines
and feature stories. Next semester
the freshmen will begin active work
on the News by coming down to the
Publications Office on Tuesday and
\Vcdncsdny nights.

.lnnc Fickcrt, '44, Business Mana-
ger, and Lillian Gross, '44, Circula-
tion Manager. will contact the fresh-
mcn who rcaisfcred for thc business
staff through the student mail.
Studcnts interested in this part of
the paper. but who failed to sign up
Activitics Day are requested to
get in touch with either of them by
dropping a note in the mail boxes.

 

 

 

Dr. Jones Sends Firsl teller
To Men in Armed Forces

State‘s scrvicc men and wo—
nicn know what's going on
around ihc Collcgc——thanks to
Dr. Jones. The latter has as—
sumed the dutics left him by
D. V. Smith in keeping State's
fighting lllt‘ll and women posted.
llc has sent out copies of his
first lctfcr. consisting of‘ ovcr
fivc-fhousand words. to ovcr
flit‘co hundred and scvcnfy
Collcgc men and women in the
Scrvlcc.

in those five—thousand words.
he brings thcsc studcnts back [0
Stufc. with hcr rcmodclcd Coili—
mons. llt‘l' freshly paiiifcd P.O..
licr ncw floors. and hcr iicw
l)llli'Il of frcshmcn.

’l‘lic scctilitl lcfici‘ will bc si'lii
cui around Novcinbcr 1. Any
xtndcnis who l‘u\‘i~ naincs, ad—
drcsscs. or otlu-r information
can-crnnn: Stair incn amt \vo-
ntin in ihc sci'rfcc :iri- askcd to
('(llllfll'l Ill'. .liiiit's.

 

 

 

 

SE B Meeting For Seniors
All Hcmoi's ami (iraduafc Stu-
dcnis who arc inlcrcsfcd in rcgis-
tcring with Stndcni Employment
Burcau for positions in Junc, 19H
arc invich lo affcnd a mccting to
bc hrid chncsday. October 13. at
3:30 in room 2!). This is in accord-
iincc with a mcssagc f'roni Miss
Doris Kclly of the SltlB. office.

Ped To Sponsor

Picture Contest

Two Prizes Offered
For Best Photographs

Mary Domann. '44, Editor of the
Pedagogite. announces a scoop of
the year. The 1944 Pedagoguc is
sponsoring two contests.

First of all, from all the pictures
submitted for entry in the Pod,
one will be chosen as the best rep-
resentative of college life. This
picture will be of one member of
one of the four classes here at
State, and the prize will be $2.50.

The second contest will be for
the purpose of choosing the picture
most representative of life at one
of the group houses, or at the dorm.
A prize of $2.50 will be given to
the winner of this contest also.

Miss Domann. in speaking of the
pictures to be submitted. says, "All
pictures become the property of the
PCdtl._(/Oglll’. and may be used by
them as such. without the recog-
nition of the persons who submitted
them."

The contests are open to all stil-
dents as of now, and will close on
Monday. December 13. 1943.

Pertaining to the individual pic-
tures for the Pcd. Miss Domann
says that no pictures will be taken
next week, but all those who signed
up to have their pictures taken
next week. will be scheduled for
the week after next.

If anyone wishes to use last year's
picture for this year‘s Pcd, he may
do so, but the cost will be. $1.50.

Studcnts may sign for appoint-
ments on the slip provided, across
i'rom the girls' locker room. and
Miss Domann will post the sched-
ule for the actual picture-taking.

Soph;Frosh Hunt
Banners Oct. 16

 

Intcrclass Banner Rivalry will
officially bcgin on Campus Day.
Saturday. October 16. as State Col-
lcgc rcsumcs this traditional fea-
ture of Rivalry. abandoned last year
because of the war. Patricia La-
timer. '44. i 'esident of Student
Council, announces the appoint-
ments of Gloria Baker and Arthur
Kaufman. freshmen, and Robert
Sullivan. ’46. as Chairman 01' the
banner hunt.

The freshmen received their
green banner during the Activities
Day program last week. By 10 A.M.
on Campus Day, both banners are
to be hidden anywhere throughout
the College buildings, with the ex-
ception of the executive offices. The
hunt will go on from 12:30 PM.
to 5:30 PM.

Five rivalry points will be
awarded to the class which obtains
and keeps the banner of the rival
class until ihc close of‘ the contest.
The closc of' the contest will be
midnig'ht preceding Moving-Up
Day. Wlicncvci‘ a banner is placed
in thc building or removed. Student
Council must be notified in writing.
Miss Latimcr also announces the
managers of the Rivalry obstacle
races. which will be held between
the Sophomores and freshmen on
Campus Day. They are Doris Pat-
tcrson. '47. and Georgette Dunn,
‘46. Tlil't'c points will be crcditcd
to the class whose girls win these
races. l-lowcvcr. the three points
may be split between the two class-
cs. slncc onc point will be awarded
to the victor of each race.

Otlicr nppointmcnfs include: His-
toric. cominilicc. to assist Barbara
Putnam. '45. prcvlousiy announced
Chairman; Rosann Haydon. ‘46;
Anita l.conc. ‘45; and chgy Pal-
nnitccr. '47.

KIMMEY’
HOLSIIM

ll()I.SllL\l t‘llA

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

KldCl‘lN-MAII) WIIICA’I‘

(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

Fresh Enter Inner Sanctums
See The House Behind the Girl

by Sonya Kadlsh

They had a date last night -—- all
of them. They brushed velvets and
curls. borrowed pearls from third
floor Sayles. shoes from roommates,
and hurried, scurried and were
ready. Then they went out to ﬁnd
their dates waiting at the Phi Delt.
Kappa Delt, and Psi Gam houses.

Those with curiosity. open hearts.
without Greek knowledge. were out
to "see what they could see.” At
Western Ave.. South Lake, and
Myrtle each minute was jammed
with all trying to make the most
of this last opportunity before
Non-rush.

Fresh girls were swirled off their
feet along the polished floors.
Rhythm was smoothly beat out by
Harry James. the Dorseys and Glen
Miller . . . music and laughter. the
theme to which typical fresh faux
pas wore reiterated. Fresh for the
first time saw the house behind the
girl. behind the pin.

Between stops they marvelled
“Golly, I didn't know she was Delta
Kappa Phi" or “That's the sorority
for me.“ The evening slipped along
when they suddenly realized that

 

the next stop was the last. The
intermingled aroma of punch and
cookies seemed to table war and
politics, studies and work. Giggles
were the vogue until —

Until freshmen began to notice
the smiling men in the picture
frames. when they learned that the
smiles came from Africa. China,
Sicily — the smiles of State men,
all. It had been easy to forget the
war amidst lights. friendship and
galety. Too easy? Realization cut
a transition in their thoughts.

. . . There were not dates for
sorority after the party last night
and there will be none tonight; the
fresh girls will run all the way
home — home to the usual dorms
and to Potter Club and Sayles Hall.
where the chatter, laughter and
tears of future sorority members
will re-echo dimly through the cor-
ridors where football and fraternity
dances once were the main subjects
of discussion.

Tonight the merry-go-round of
friendliness. laughter and gay rep-
artcc will resume its pattern at Chi
Sig. Gamma Kap and BZ.

 

Pictures Requested For
Draper Photo Exhibit

A photo exhibit under the direc-
tion of Miss Ruth Hutchins. Assist-
ant Prof‘cssor of Art. is scheduled
f'or December 6 to December 16 on
the second floor of Draper Hall.
Pictures may be on any subject.
provided they are clear and of good
composition. They must be at
least 2x3 or larger.

Contributions must be enclosed
in an envelope with the donor's
name cl ‘arly written on the out-
side. Thcy should be placed in the
box opposite the P0. or in the
Commons box before Nov. 29.
Mary Bctfy Stengel. '44. and Leah
Tischlcr, '45. are in charge of col-
ICCilllg the pictures, with the entire
Art 7 class at work on the exhibit.

Faculty members and thc student
body are invited.

D 8| A Tickets on Sale

Tickets for all three D & A pre-
sentations for this year are now
available. They may be purchased
for $2.75. Those interested should
see Trccc Ancy, ’44.

 

6000 FOOD

in a Friendly.
(‘om fortable

Atmosphere

Wages

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

S BREAD

(WHITE BREAD)
('Kiill) WillilA’l‘

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

SCA Fresh Chorus
Schedule Meeting Today

SCA‘s Fresh Chorus will have
its second meeting today at 3:30 PM.
in the Lounge under the direction of
Helen Elgin. ’44. and Harriet Brink-
man. '46. The meeting is open to
all freshmen interested. Over forty
have signed up so far.

Fi'osh Chorus will sing at all of
SCA‘s musical affairs. Among these
are the Fresh Chapel in the fall,
SCA Sunday. Thanksgiving Ser-
vice and the Christmas Service.
Also the group will sing at a series
of Lcntcn Services.

Meetings for the Fresh Chorus will
be held every Friday at 3:30 PM.

War Activities

fC'onfiIHtcd from Page 1)

 

forth maintain the Stamp Booth for
a month at a time Newman Club will
take over the selling of stamps for
October.

War Council stresses the need for
more students in making posters.
Those interested are requested to
contact Trece Aney. '44, immediately.

Aineng War Council’s tentative
plans is a method whereby each stit-
dent will be assigned the name and
address of a soldier with whom to
keep in contact. The Council is also
considering the setting aside of
funds with which to purchase the
yarn for the knitting groups.

The State Fair. again sponsored
by War Council. is scheduled for
February 1. This event was insti-
gated last year for the purpose of
unifying the faculty and the student
body in a social event. as well as to
raise money for war activities on
Campus.

 

3%
WM Ronda.

SPEGTOR’S

 

(‘I.()'I‘III'IS SIIOI’

 

233 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY, N. Y,

 

Iloclicstcr 'l‘ailnred
Sl‘l’I‘S - ’l‘()I’SO.-\’I‘S - SLACKS
SIIIIl’l‘S - SI'OIVI‘SWI'IAII

—— Open Evenings —

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

           
         
            
      
   
     
  
     
  
    
      

     
     
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
    
      

  
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
   
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
     
    
     
      
   
  
 
   
    
   

- ‘WC'1...‘.‘.F.~' a:

          
 
     
     
         
      
     
    
     
     
           
         
           
       
            
    

 

    

