 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 0, 1943

 

~74.
0“ Shelks Lose 2
l-M Leﬁndcrwsy

Bin
Bert xlley—— As Hammond Scores

All this talk about Frank Sinatra Last Wednesda the Ramblers
being “3 000d “3 BM.” cm‘gby is scored a victory inythe second game
WW ﬁne’ but ﬂ?“ wagogndsgiftgcf, of the newly formed football league.
thirteen rears rom h mum bed
owns a Ito/rec that wins the Snbnr- g‘efl-by Hammond t ey p
ball Handicap- All of the Ramblers scoring was

The laminating game 0f hide and done before the Shieks succeeded
seek in the 33”“ Continues‘ There in putting across a tally. The first
are four doors leading directly into touchdown Came as Hammond went
the gym and twomto the MAA Ofﬁce across from the three-yard line.
mezzanine- Each day a different Then Hammond sliced on tackle
door is left “n100k9d~The b°ys Con' and slithered 60 yards for the sec-
sider it great fun to tramp .up an end score. A pass from Hammond
down the three flights of stalrs that to Kiley netted the third 6 points.
lead to the sacrosanct timbers. Des- The ﬁnal count came as a pass from
pite long trekst hat end ln locked Dickinson found Hammond in the
doors, the intrepid adventurers carry end zone‘
on. It is partly in the hope 0f f'nd' Then, late in the fourth period,
ing the door on the ﬁrst attempt the Shieks found themselves. A
that keeps the young athlﬁtes eager succession of short passes from
to start afresh each day. They have stolboﬂ‘ to Cote gamed 50 yards and
never yet got it on try number one, the Ramblers goal line

but on a few occasions after constult-
in ouija boards, crystal balls, as ro-
logical charts, tea leaves, and The Weeldy Schedule _
Out-bin; they got it on the second Tues—Falcons vs. Shelks
try. Since three is considered par Wed—Ramblers vs. Sheik;l ‘
for the course, a two is hence a ThurS-—-Falcons VS. Ram els
“birdie"—which is what the boys
invariably g“ for their Pains- The football season at State was
super Wall'scanng ushered in last Tuesday by a rousing
As We“ as being Stlmmating to 18-0 victory for the Falcons.
their mental processes’ the condi" Al Read drew first blood with an
tioning the would-be basketeers get end sweep from the 30 yard nne on
m scramblngfgp met mule £81017 3%]; the second scrimmage play.
to the MAA 0 ice is nva ua e. I. I
cuts, bruises, torn clothing, etc. thus ,In tile 5900’” D6110fl. Dal) W831:
acquired aid in toughening them up Wide alound left end flom mid-fe
and accustoming them to hardships. fog the :‘eglondl §Cglﬁ3~hts of the en-
It is interesting to note that while “9 _0 ‘9 “E g _ -1
the wall of the late-lamented com- Gount‘” was a 25-yald-COU9 ldowbn
mando course measured but eight gaulgthegn 3 Pass lntelceptmn y
feet the corrugated steel mezzanine - .
' The She1ks threatened only once,
Eggﬁijeggﬁforbetter than nine feen in the second quarter, when they
. ' u _ booted four attempts from four
' Th; Stelnnggal ézzvsloaazf bgﬁgﬁt yards out, three of them for the last
mg 5 (Ewséh outghful minds when 12 inches. For the most part, Cote's
giﬁeGSmgee 1%“, ed his knee as a long tosses out-distanced or were
result of running into a gymnastic badly llandled by “we‘ve”: I ~
“horse” placed under the balcony bhelks Falcons Rdmb era
for the reprensible purpose of fas- Cote Fanchel Hammond
cilating the climbing. POUles Tabnel Klley
Of course this new sport takes so Ferbel‘ I Dilly Dickinson
much out of the boys that they are Blnlnall McCarthy Coultel
too tired to play basketball-—-wnich Etolblgff geggue 
‘ ' ubber for ans 3’ 0 .
saves valuable leather and r Erbstein Balk

 

 

the war effort. Bl'OWll
One question: Why are a Cbasket-

ball players shoes considere more I _

harmful to a gym floor than the  Rldmg

scufflirlgs of a few hundred jitter-

bugs? Gains Popularity

A survey of the WAA fall sport
calendar shows all sports now oper-
ating smoothly.

Riding has proved to be the sur-

Camp Johnston Opens
For WAA Members

Camp Johnston will become the prise of the season. What used to
scene of a real old-time weekend in be a mmOl‘ SPOI'L has become, this
the woods tomorrow when State‘s yeitlll', oi 112811;:‘151;songowlghéglirar

-. .. . ,. ,.. .. cn lusas '  " .'
fallel sex don slacks and dungdlcts en um attendance, for the last
wo weeks that not enough horses
Camp Johnston provides an ex_ were available. Peg Schlott, '45, will

girls call a meeting soon'to draw up a
with an interest, in camping and schedule, arranging tunes and mak-

and board the train for Chatlluln be
tomorrow morning. i

ccllcnt opportunity for all

 

Ramblers Score,- Now, Shoupie Give Their All
Falcons TflumPli; For Cause of Hockey Al Stole

 

By Marie De Cherie

“Ground Sticks,

Ground sticks,

Ground sticks,

Ground.”

And to this charming refrain.
Mary Now, ’45, and Eileen Shoup,
’46, spent a week this past summer.
Where? At “The Hockey Camp,”
in the Pocono Mountains in Penn-
sylvania. When? The week of
August 27—and from all reports,
that was some weekll

Every year, WAA sends a couple
of hockey enthusiasts to the camp,
to learn the latest techniques, new
rules of play, and to get lots of
practice—both playing and referee-
ing, in order to instruct State's
fair stick-wielders. Last year Kit
Herdman, ’44, WAA’s present head,
and Marion Duffy, ’45, went to learn
all about hockey. This year, Now
and Shoupie were the lucky (?) gals.
However, Mary says that they just
learned all they didn’t know about
the sport. Miss Hcrdman believes
the expense is justified, for the girls
do learn a great deal of valuable
hockey lore which is passed along
to the other girls.

They spent their time playing
hockey four hours a day, and la-
crosse—a game very similar to, but
more brutal than, hockey—for two
hours each day. Then, if they
weren’t too worn out, they went
boating, swimming, or hiking in
their spare time—how they did it,
we’ll never know——just thinking
about it gets us tired. A nice, rest-
ful weekll Nevertheless, the gals
did enjoy it—all except for the
cramps ill their legs, which Shoupie
insists were “Wicked!”

The camp, which is for women
only, is the only one of its kind in
the country. Miss Applcby, the
woman who introduced and devel-
oped women's hockey in America,
is the director. She‘s about seventy,
and Mary gasped "You ought to
see her run up and down that
hockey field—she's as fast as a kid!”

Coaches, teachers, hockey enthu-
siasts journey here for an intensi-
fied period of hockey. Many All-
Amcricans have been trained by
Miss Appleby, so, who knows, could
be that Now or Shoup will make
Kicrnun's column some day ill the
future.

intramural Football Rules

Rulo I

Stu-lion Lllnly l'ullyns slim-s willl

soi‘l l'lllllli'l' soil-s llluy Ilo \vorn.
Ruli- Il

Sui-lion l. .\ clour puss i.~l ollo ill
\\'llil'll lilo llllil is ill lliglll, ll l-lolll'ly
\‘isillll- disilllll-o lll'lor lonrillg llII‘
pllssor'.~' ll:Illds.

Ilnll- Ill

Sol-lion l. The li-Ilglll of playing
llllli' sllull l)l' 'JN llllllllll's, dividoll into
four 1‘l|li:ll 7-minute qlllll‘Il-rs. 'l‘lli-l'o
sinlll ln- ullo lllilllllo lN'l\\'i‘l'll qxnlrlors.
'l‘lll-rl- silllll iN' :l .‘llllilllllo illlvl'lllis-
sloll lll'lWl‘l'll llll' sol'ollll llllll llllrd
|M-I'iod.~'.

Sorllon 2. Thu Ui‘l'il-illls silllll lll‘ :l
l'l-i‘l-rm- and “Hill lilloslllull. .\ sllllsli-
Illlo sllull l'oporl his llnlllo illlll llll'
llulllo ol‘ llll’ pluyor ho is l'l'llllll'lll]; lo
lilo l'vl‘orl-l- ill-l‘orl- ho is u purl of tho
gulno. .\ll oligillll- slillslillllo llllly
l‘l'llll'll lo llll' game at ully Illlll' \\'l|l'l|
lilnl- is olll :Iilil prorlllod olli- pllly lllls
l-llsllod slur-o ills \villldrnn'nl.

Rlllo IV

I' ll sol'ond or llliil‘i' i'ol'wul'd pass
from lli‘lllllll llil' lllll' ol' sl'l'illllnllgl-
sll'illl‘s llll' ground or goos- out o‘
llollllds Ill-llilld llll~ lllll', iI is li'i‘illl'tl
us ll l'lllllblv.

ltulo \'
Action ('olllilmn to ll Free-Kirk or
Hvrlnlrnugi- Down

Suction l. \\'lll-ll u llllrllwul'd puss-
or I'Illlllllo sll'illl-s llll' ground :lllll is
l'l-l-ol'l-l'l-ll ll llllly lll- :lli\'lllll‘l'<l lly
ollilor side.

Sol-lion :3. .\ illockl-ll kin-k llmy l-
illl\'illll'i'li by l‘lllll'l' li'illll.

Itulo VI

Fri-r- Kicks ilmi lllr- Fri-r- Kick-Down

Sui-loll I. Tim kick-oil sllull lil'
llllldu- I'l-olll ollo-illlll' lili' distance of
A's porlloll ol' lilo “Pill. The sul'l-ly-
kin-I; l'rolll .\'.~l Ill-yard lino.

NI-t'lioll 2. When ll lrlvll-ol‘i' is out.
of bounds" lll'l\\'l'l'll llll' goul lint-s, till.-
opllollul lllllilllllll spot for [lll‘ l'l-l-nivl-rs

ls- ollo-l‘ourlll ll/ll llli' lt-llglll of llll‘
lll'lil.
lilllo \‘ll
‘l'm-klng lulrl "lot-king

Sl-ulloll l. .\l~l|lu| idol-king,r is por-
lllllll'll.

Sol'ilon ‘J. ’l‘uclllillg is Ilolll- willl
I’rll’i‘ll ll.\.\'ll.\' lllllll‘lNl’l'l‘JllY UN 'l‘lllt‘
lll'2.\ll. lil'll.l)\\' 'l‘lll‘l Milli/F. Urullbing
ill from will: now llllllll and holding
i< lllll pl-l'lllllloll llilll will lw lll'llllllll'li
Ill ynrlls. plus :l Ill‘sl down :ll lllo spol
ul' lili' I'olll ul' opllonlllly :ll llll‘ orig»
illlll lllll' ol' svl'illllllnuo.

Sol-lion :l. 'l‘lll-ro slldll lll‘ no slll'i'-
:ll'lllillg.

"illv \'Ill
Nt-r'lrlnlmgi- llllll Down

Si-l'lion l, Alli-r sllllp lllld during
llli' pluy. ully pluyor ol' .\ llluy curry
llll' llilll across llll' lllll' ol' sl-l'lllllnllgo.

Sociion 2. Town .\ llllls'l lll'l\'(' llll'i'l'
or lliUl‘I' llll'll on llll' lino of sl-rinllllllgo.

Sol-lion ii. The lll-m-sslll'y llisllllll-l- lo
ilo gulllI-d dllrlllg' ll Sl'i‘ll‘h ol' downs is
if» yul'ds ill l'our downs.

Socllon i. All pIuyl-rs url- l-ligilllo In
l‘i‘(‘i'i\'1' I‘ol'wnl'd pnsst-s.

"llll' IX
Scoring

'l‘olll'lldowll 6 points
.\ s'lli-vossl'nl li‘\'-I’Ill'*]lllilll . l pollll,
Slll'l-ly . . . . . . .. Z.‘ polllls

\'
I’vrrlIllii-n
()l‘l' Silll- . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Fl yul'ds
Holding l,iiol'onsl-l—(ollu-r lllllll
bill] (':Il'l‘il‘l'i ii ylll'ds
ilnldillg' (llol'vllst- ill Int-lilingl 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . ..lsI down on spol ol'
lino ol‘ scrillllllilgl-

lllllllllll.’ (HITI-llsl-l . . . . . . . . .. lllynl'ds
'l'rippillr.r ‘ If» ylll'ds
slugging" ....dlsqlllllilll'ulion '.__. dis-
lillll'1~ lo goul illll‘
I'lllll-l-l-ssnl'y ill-Illy ol‘ gulllo .. :‘l yul'ds
.\'.l| l-l-porlillt.r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. fl yurds'
Slil‘l'urllllng . . . . , .,1.‘l y:lrd~ I'rolll lllli'

of sl-rillllllngll.

Margo Byrne

At the risk of being repetitious,
we again decry the procrastination
which has unpardonably often ta-
ken possession of the women’s ten-
nis tournament.

As you have so frequently been
told, WAA owns a cup which is pre-
sented to the winner of the tourney.
This cup, at present, has two names
on it. But the cup is not, by any
means, new. Ah, no, it is artistically
more valuable for the ﬁne, natural
patina of years, and more interest-
ing for the bloomeriness of the
slightly outdated statuette attached.
This means, that in the past seven
or eight years, exactly two tourna-
ments have been completed.

It is ridiculous, that in as large
a women’s athletic association as
this college possesses. participation
in the main event of the fall season
is so lukewarm that the phrase
“WAA tennis tournament" has a
hopeless connotation.

Who Takes the Rap?

And who is accountable for this
state of affairs? The responsibility
should be shared by both the con-
testants and those in charge. No,
we are not blaming WAA exclu-
sively. But We do think that a
closer supervision of the partici-
pants is called for.

We take this case as an example.
A freshman complained that she
had written several notes to her
scheduled opponent trying to ar-
range a time for a match, but the
notes remained unanswered. The
match has not yet been arranged.
This should have been called to
the attention of the captain imme-
diately. It was not, however, and
it serves well as an illustration of
the lack of cohesion in the organi-
nation.

I. is our belief that schedules
should be arranged by the captains,

with the assistance of tile partici-
pants. Then, insistence on keeping
the appointments is imperative.
The captains must hold the con-
testants to their obligations.

Simon Steps In

This year there was difficulty in
getting a captain for tennis. Josie
Silnon stepped into the position late
in the season. Now that there is a
definite executive head, the games
may proceed with more efficiency.
Let it not be, “Too little, too late.”

Simon made the statement that
all the contestants who have not
played their ﬁrst round matches by
Monday, will be dropped from the
tournament. If this had been done
a week ago. a more favorable prog-
nosis as regards this year’s tourney
might be expected.

 

outdoor activities to get tog-ether, ing provisions for an adequate num-
There win he menu, of fun. from. her of mounts. Ill this way supervised

and food for all. Hiking and soft-

hours and proper credit can be ob-

ban will be in the Sports highlight. luincd. All lllosc intcrcslcd sllould

Sclllolt through

There will also be a chance for those (“mind
with the pioneer spirit to break loose Mil“-
and indulge in other activities.

Student

 

All women belonging to WAA. are
invited. Sorority members may at-
tcnd with freshmen womcll.

Bobby Van Aukcn and Hell-n Slack.
sopllolnol'cs, are ill charge of ur-
l'illlL‘,“llliJlllS. Mary Kate MucKuy,
'44, ll. Ill charge of food. ’i‘llosl- going
are expected to supply their own
ration points.

Emil l. Nagengast
Your College Florisi

Cor. Ontario oi Benson Si.

 

/"

ii I

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEV, PROP. DIAL 5-~-1913

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

Try Our llusincssmun’s Lunch

l98—200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

IOTTLED UNDER AUTHOR

 

 

‘ l

. . .from Ida/90 to Iceland

“(we at‘C0k3”,hily§ till: American soldier in Iceland, and in three mu Mu”
words he has made a friend. It works in Reykjavic as it does in umbilil
Rochester. 'Round the globe Coca~Cola stands for [be [muse I/m! re-
jreI/Jcs—has become the ice-breaker between kindly-minded strangers.

ITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-(fl)er BO’I‘TLING COMPANY

e happ

fl

it's natural for popular names lo

W

  acquire friendly abbrcvmiions. That's
‘3"?

,l lite

why you llell’ CocavColn called "Coch".

“I!

‘ -the g obal
high-sign

0 W43 The C-C Co. _

.mll

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBrrNY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1943

Putnam is Vice-Pfesident; Music Council

409 Votes in Landslide

2 Distributions Give
Smith Second Place

 

After amassing almost half of the
entire number of votes cast. Barbara
Putnam went well over the establish-
ed quota in the second distribution
of Vice-Presidential ballots to cap-
ture the Student Association office
guide vacant by Harold Goldstein,

I).

In the first election held under
the preferential ballot system. 749

votes were cast.

Three hundred

and seventy votes fell to Miss Put-

nam in the first distribution. six
short of the quota of 376. As a
result the second choices of Peggy
Dee's ballots were re-distributed
among the remaining four candi-
dates, Miss Dee having polled the
fewest votes with her total of 87.
The election, with a total of 409 votes
then fell to Miss Putnam.
No Severe Competition

Although Leah Tischler placed
second in the first distribution, with
105 votes. the second distribution
gave the runner-up position to Joan
Slnitll, with 122 votes. Nora Gia-
velli held fourth place in both dis—
trlbutions. Miss Putnam, however,
was never challenged severely, hold-
ing a lead of 265 in the first tabu-

Burbura Putnam,

new Vice-
Prcsiilcnt of Student Association

Stokes l. spew

 

lation and 287 in the final counting.

 

l"or‘llllllu .\'o. \‘olt-s l'ns'l
N1I.llll‘il:lTP17 + I '2 (“mm

lN‘ i-ll-(‘li‘tl + l
Silluliiuiion: Till I ._.
I + I- y. _.. .itll
Firnl Nor-om]
(‘luulilllril‘s
lino
l'lllrlllrll

Slllil ll
'l‘lsl'lllt'l'

his! rlbui ion Distribution ofﬁcial

To Assembly

Dr. Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of
Women will address this morning's
Assembly. Her topic will be “What
Besides
the address by Miss Stokes, the
announcements will be
made concerning the new Vice
President of Student Association
and the Campus Queen nominees.
Balloting for Campus Queen is to
be conducted this morning also.
talk will deal not

Is Your Contribution?”

Dr. Stokes’

 

Voting for Campus Queen in to-

only with student contributions to
I , the war cffot hi; '1 ‘

days assembly Will also be conducted contributions :0 thue Cdolsjiggtuﬁgﬁ
by means of the preferential ballot. '

All freshman class offices also go the women.

:ndcr this system. Myskania will
egin the organization of the class . . .
of 1947 Monday in Orientation when Vice-Presment 0f snide": Assoma'

nominations for clan f . _ . tion will be made by Patricia Lati-
bb O noes will be mcr, Presrdcnt of Student Asocia-

held, with elections

Campus Chest

tentatively
scheduled for the following Monday. bel,

tlon. Barbara Putnam, as a mem-
of student council will receive
the key customarily awarded to
Moving-Up
Day. She will replace Harold Gold—

council members on

stein, the selection of last spring.

spccch will be directed mainly to

The official announcement of the

VOL. XXVIII NO. 5

P f Mb I Coronation of 1943 Queen
“959'” ’ OU’Will Highlight CaMpusDaY

7 ° -
onlghf at  Rivalry Begins Tomorrow in Front oi Page Hall-
Conrad Thibault, radio and con- Frosil Meet Sophs in Races, BanncrHuni ands its

gert star, will appear on the stage of
age Hall Auditorium at 8:15 RM. The climactic event of State’s twenty-third Campus Day

tonight as the guest of Music Coun- ' '
c“. ms program or songs Wm in_ Will be the’coronatlon of the 1943 Campus Queen, Student
elude iold melodies and popular Assocratlon s chOlce for the popularity title, tomorrow night
operatlc airs. in Pa 6 H' ll 't 8'30 V' ‘ r '
g a a . . lelng for the tltle are Trece Aney
Nancy Wilcox, ’44, President of thhr 11 H rd P't""- ' ' ' ’
Mum Council explains that this «I y We man, a llcle. Latlmer, Osnlf Serablan and
concert is a combination of the Mlldred- “WPSIOH'
policy bggun last y'em. to present The ldcntlty of “Her Majesty” is to be kept secret after
g:git:gglii;gclgel¥?llagties to the Stu- today s ballots are counted until tomorrow evening when the
- 16 ouncll lllesent- queen and her court enter the auditorium. Two of the re-

cd Don Cossacks and P11‘ ' ' r ' - - - r -
last year. L Cy Gmmhm malnlng lour candldatcs Wlll attend the new queen and two
The cvcning's Drog’rum is as fol- are to accompany the Old queen.
lows. The Campus Day program opens
with the Rivalry Obstacle races fol-
lowed by the Banner Hunt in the
afternoon. The evening program
also includes rivalry skits and danc-
ing. Co-chairmcn for the entire
program are Mary Domann and
. Nancy Wilcox. Seniors.
F’ol'um Wlll inaugurate a new Rivalry Obstacle Races
policy this year by centering all its At 10:30 tomorrow morning. the
La Ben J U acthltles around the war effErt. Obstacle Races between the Sopho-
Lu PMth eugtfsdirPoulcuc Proceeds from drives, stamp sales, more 311d fl‘ESllmell women Wlll take
a» lame: and campaigns are to be used for the ghee mi] in: from lawn or Page Ha“-
. be“ - . , . . nepon or Rivalr ' '-
Dl Provcnzu (Aria from opera La “instill/21f. trill}?!  In co-opelailon ed to" Gael] racer ThgrgvlvnllllebZ‘ZPl‘ge
Traviattu)  Verdi _ ,C v 16‘s Counml' Fowm races altogether totaling three Ri
IV Lnembeis' Wlll serve at the stamp a1,.ypomts_ Katherine Herdman J4-
oom f°1 one month President of WAA. is Chairman of
The content of Forum meetings the races. Georgette Dunn, ’46 and
will be altered to provide variety Doris Patterson, '47, are Chairmen
and interest. Replacing the usual for their respective classes.
book report form, discussions of new
publications will be conducted. Mov-
The Shephemesswﬂmwmm les, debates, panel discussions, and
Sing A song of Sixpence_Mumue outside lecturers are scheduled for
Old Folks At Home__smphen future meetings throughout the year.
me. Elections for Speaker and Treas-
De Glory Roadnwouc urer of Forum will be held all day
Mr. Thibault began his musical wednesday m we lower hall of
career as a member of a church Draper opposite the mailboxes. Jean-
choir. He has studied at the Curtis PC Balley’ 314' and Rosario Trusso' and freShman Skits
Institute of Music in Philadelphia 45' are candidates for Speaker’ While Page "a" Auditor.
after first receiving recognition as Betty Hamllton' JUdith Gemfsky' mm.
a baritone of the Philadelphia Opera Virginia comeil’ and Batty Rose‘
Company. He is continuing his Sophomores. Wlll compete for the Banner Hunt Revived
studies at the present time which 0m“ °f Treasure“ only Forum The traditional Rivalry Banner
were begun under Emilio de Gogarzo. membf‘lr" Who have paid the” dues Hunt which was discm mued last
Tickets for the affair are priced at are cllglble ‘0 VOte- yeal'.'will be revived once urain
$1.10. Students will be admitted by The next meeting of Forum will Banner Hunt will begin tom rl'
the presentation of their student tax be held October 27 at 3:30 in the at 12:30PM and last untlls-aooriiiiv
tickets at the door. Lounge. At this time information Five points shall be awarded to the
Committee heads for the prograln will be given regarding" DI'ODBI' V0l- class successful in obtaining and
are as follows: Mary-Dorothy Alden, 1118' DI'OCEGUI'C in State and natiOnal keeping the banner of the rival class
'45. tickets; Jean Chaplnany '45. elections. Students who still Wish until the close of the contest, 6n
house; Peggy Casey. '46; ushers; t0 .lOln may come to the meeting 01' Moving—Up Day Robert Sullivan
Elalnc Drooz, '45; publicity; Jane coma“ Jeanne Halley. '44. Speaker ’46, and Gloria'Bakcr and Arthur
Southwick, '44, programs; Eunice Dl'O-tem. 01‘ Sunna COODEI'. '45. Kaufman freshmen are in charge of
wood, '45, reception. These com- Sel'lbe- the Hunt]. Two members of Mys-
mittcc headshave as their assistants Miss Bailey stresses, “Forum is kania will be present at all times to
freshmen trying 0th for Music Coun- not restricted to a certain low. All clarify any issues which may arise.
011. who are interested may join." (Continued on Page .9)

 

I
Piasir D'Amour Martini
Star Vccinor—eRosa

Forum to Center
My  ‘0‘“  Plans on War

My Old lNag chrr- arr. by Somer—

vc l

Nature’s Adorationm Bcclhollcn
11

Les Bcrccaux— rrFaurc

Nocturne; Curran

The Stuttering Lovers arr. by
Hughes

Dl‘camcrr rMalolic

The Blind Ploughmanm Clarke

 

10:30 A.M.——Rivalry Obstacle
Races, Page Hall

Lawn.

12:30—5z30 P. M.—Rivalry Ban-
ner Hunt.

8:30 P. M.—Crowning of Campus
Queen, Sophomore

 

 

Plans ’43 Drive 1943 Popularity Parade Gets Flying Start,- Crowning Finish Ahead

Students ill charge of Campus
Chcst ul'c now making pluns for the

by Inuit-r lrmi nil-llgl-l

Miss Amcl'ila. 1943, could be

nnnuul drive which will begin curly mp athletic type. She could be the

ill Dccclnbcl'.

’l‘llc (‘()lllllllll.L‘C in charge is conl- ll'l‘ﬁ Fl'l‘lllflll
posed ol' the President ullli Vice-
President of Student Association,
and Lili‘ Presidents of the three
Sludcllt

religious organizations,
Cllr'isllull Assoi'iulioll, Hillel, llllli
Ncwnlull ('lllb. i'ull'iciu liulinlcr.
lCllllico illll'll, Adll Sllydcr, Seniors,
uild Murgllll-i lirlslwick. .iuniol's,
ul'c this your's lllclllbcr's.

’l‘ilc plll'posl: ol' (fulllplls Chest is
to hold one illlcllsivc lll'ivc cucll
your lllld l'llllll'lllllll' the proceeds lo
the vul'lous l-llul'ilublc ol'g‘uiiizu-
lions ill ll('(‘iii‘(llllli'(5 with tho wishes
of the sllldl-lll body. Cunlplls Cllcst
wns oslubllsllod ill ill/ll to do uwuy
with Sillil‘lllllp, of funds for (.‘iliil'liy
by individqu associations during
the school your.

host your (.‘ulllpus Chest amount-
cd to $327.13 of which $76 wont ot
Mudunlc (fillung Kill Shell for the
relief of Chinese students, $25 to the
World Student Service Fund, $25 to
the ’l‘ubcrculosis Association, $100
to the the Red Cross and $100 to tile
S'rA'rw Common Nllws so that copies
of the publication could be sent to
the State College mail in service.

lull, bolndc Nordic—or, oil. in. la,
Or dark and sultry

- rol' llli‘ llll round “swell l'cllu." But
what will Miss State College, also
'43 Vlnlugo. be?

To be prosaic and also lllpllu-
ludicul. \vo‘ll bcglll Wllll Lu Alli-y
lllc lllilllilublc ’I‘l‘ccc. Sllc switches
from l“l'(‘ll('l1 lo Sollllli‘i'll, then in
Viclllll-sl- willlolll lilo slightest (lil'l'i-
t-lllly. Sln- urls, silo llus idcus, silo
orgullizvs so much for Alll‘y'.) (Our
lollgllo lll our cllcckl.

She's small, is Hcrdlnull, but, our
Kit can swing :1 "With hockey stick.
Allylllillg ill the athletic line is Kii‘s
llli’ill, for obviously she is WAA’s gill
lo llli' list of candidates. (PS. Silo
lllls dilllplcs, loo~~no flush in lllc
pull, llowevcr. Ouchll

Pros. Pat has bcnutyw Prom Qllccil,
rclllclnbcr? Also bruins lHCi.‘ lilo
Dcnn's Lisll. And bruer S.A.'s
Lutilncr is no slouch when it comes
lo sports, either. She presides
pleasantly and practically. Any cllul—
lcllgcs?

We come, at last, to Serablan—
iollg may. she wave! Osnlf? Heavons
forbid! “Don't call me namcsl"
She’s Ozzie to all her many fans—
peppy, pleasant, polsonable (oops,

more namcsll. Susceptible males—
llnc forms at the right for “Oil You
Beautiful Man” act. 'Sniff said.

End of the alphabelﬁand are we
Weary! But never let it be said that
we sliglltcd a Senior Class Marshal.
Especially when her name is Wiros-
loi'f. Sllc’s tall. shc's tun. she’s
torrid—11nd don’t kid us, Millie, those
A’s don't grow on trees! Dark horse
ill the beauty-bruins competition.
Campus Queen? Who knows?

Put them all Iogclllcrw—llloy won‘t
spoil "Mother," but what do you want
for u student tux ticket? You could
try pulling them out of a hat, but
none of you are magicians so don’t
expect rabbits.

Let's try a synlllcsis of hyacinth
and biscuits with apologies to Carl
Sandburg. F'llnllly, seriously and sin-
ccrcly~—combinc Hcrdlnlln's dimples,
Pat's golden curls, Aney's Rooshian
llcccnt, Wirosloff's expressive eyes
and Ozzlc's jocularity — composite
Campus Queen.

But, you sigh. there can be but
one Campus Queen! We sympathize,
we solollquize—tough one! All ha!
The preferential ballot will solve all
your difficulties. All you need is a

I preference.

Nominees for Campus Queen
will be requested to sit on the stage
during assembly; ' ' '

Candidates for Campus Quccn, left to right: 'l‘rccc Aney, Mildred

Wirosloff, Patricia Latimcr. Oslllf Serablan and Kathryn llcrdumn.

 

