 

 

State College News

 

2-443

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, SEPlEMBLR 17 1943

VOL. XXVIll NO. 1

 

State Allowance l

Junior

5 To Welcome Freshmen

Enables College iWitl'i Kentucky Mountain Gusto

To Make Repairs

An appropriation of $5,000 by the‘
State of New York has enabled the
College to make extensive repairs in
the Commons, the
Office, the cafeteria. and the ro-.
tunda of Draper Hall. I

The balcony of the Commons has
been torn up so that a new stairway ‘
and floor may be laid. The Press
Bureau will occupy the office re-
cently vacated by Student Christian
Association. Offices for Student
Council. the Pl'i'llll‘l', Music Council,
Dramatics and Arts Council. the
Pcdagogue. Debate Council, and SCA
have been built. into the lower Coin—
mons. leaving sufficient space for
tables and the dance floor.

1’. 0., Cafeteria Remodeled

The former Publications Office is
now solely occupied by the S’l‘A’I'E
Coi.i.eoe News. The walls have been
painted pale green, the floor scraped
and varnished. and the desks
paired. One new desk has been
purchased. The railings hich been
removed. giving the office an even
more spacious appearance. The
radiators have been repainted silver.
Various receptacles have been dis-

tributed throughout the room for

cigarette butts. to keep the floor as
well conditioned as possible. All
offending "butters" will be reported
to Myskania.

’i‘he cafeteria has been almost
completely remodeled. A greater
amount of eating space is provided
by the opening of two more rooms.
a large one for students and a
smaller one for the faculty. In ad-
dition. the cafeteria counter is now
out in the hall. New floors havo
been put in, and the student lunch
room floor is covered with a durable
linoleum. The tables are of the
round restaurant type.

New marble slabs have been laid1

in the rotunda on the first floor of
Draper Hail.
terial has been put in. the benches

and the statue of Minerva will be.

replaced in their original and tra-
ditional positions.

Eigl'it Members
Oi State Faculty

Enter Service

The Armed it‘orccs and the itt-d
Cross have borrowed eight faculty
members, while tour members have
resigned or retired. is‘icvcn educators
to fill now-existent vacancies and
one returning from sabbatical icnvc
complete the t hongcs on the faculty
roll.

'l‘hc place ol’ ih' lt.()lit'i'l lit-inow.
who is now in the U. S. Army and
stationed at (‘amy Upton. will in-
taken by Dr. ltlluiiit' lt‘iii'oylli. iii-2
t'i‘cuciiers (‘oiicgo Wisconsin! Ai\l
tilnivcrsily ot' it'iinncsotui l'h it

Publications E

re- '

After the sealing ma-

by Jane Heath
Until the gold-edged stationery
supply was exhausted and the fiery
red ink ran dry. the Junior Class

twrote. or thought about writing tol

the freshmen. inviting:
“Now ‘forc you. start yer fciuliii'
Willi, the Class of ’/,o,
Traipso 'roii.iid to Ii‘ridui/‘s yulheriu'
And [Him the Jmiiors' trio/rs."
Somehow, the Kentucky colloqui-

dialogue in the mountaineer-inusi—
lcale which the Juniors have been
irehearslng and onto the gold-edged
paper. Translated into proper college
'Engiish, the announcement reacts:
“The Class of ‘40 will entertain its
sister class. the freshmen. at a tradi-
tional reception next Friday in Page
|Hail auditorium at 8:15 PM.”

With a tenor borrowed from the
.Senior Class to play the male lead,
gtlie familiar Kentucky love-story.
. “Heavens Above" or “What Good is a
tNo. 18 Coupon If You Haven't a Leg
Tto Stand on?" will be
MacFeeley and "Kippy"
Marsh co—star in the production.
Other members of the cast are
lPhylis Snyder. Josephine Simons.
‘Jeanette Buyck. Jean Brown. Sunna
Cooper and Mary Now.

Original songs. square dancing.

i James

l

t ('lass oi ‘47

l deal ii you respect the college and all that it stands ioi‘.
State for all that it offers not only scliolzistically but socially as well.
This institution has progressed remarkably in the lOO years since
it was established. anti each year tinds it changing and expanding
even more rapidly. it is a privilege to be allowed to attend such a

school as this.

vitics center.
and given over

l
t
t

plctcly.

litll lit‘ ttiltl.

nothing.

 

presented. i

their suggestions.

 

land a sure ’nuff wedding (with the
lgroom in attendance perforce) scene
lare included in the skit.

Also scheduled for the evening's
festivities is a speech of welcome
tby President Florence Garfail and
community singing.

. And if this extensive program does
inot entice the Class of '47. the party-
givers offer two more treats: exclu-

tunsms JUSL Slipped out [you] the sive information on how the inter—

‘ciass rivalry cup was earned last
year coupled with advice for this
season's competition . . . and . . . .
‘ refreshments!

Miss Buyck has been named
'General Chairman of the affair. The
.committees appointed to assist the
tchalrman include: Refreshments.
lNora Crumm. Peggy Dee. and Miss
tBrown: Entertainment, Miss Marsh
and Martha Sprenger; Publicity.
tBetty Howell and Joan Hyllnd;
lClean-up. Betty Carmany. Miss Now.
iPeg Bostwick. and Miss Garfall.

The Junior Class President urges
the Class of '47. "The best way to
start off a full year is to take advan-
tage of the social calendar's numer-
ous offers. Not to be missed are the
‘class receptions in honor of you. the
5first of which is our. your sister
iciass's. party.”

Your State College

here is your State (‘ollcgcf

lion‘t iorgct it.

This year We lllltl additional improvements throughout the col-
lege. ’l‘errazzo floors are being installed in the balcony oi the ('oni-
mons while the lower ('onimons has lit‘t‘ll transformed into an acti-
'l‘lic iorincr l’ubliczitions (iiiicc has been rehabilitated
’l‘hc (‘itictcria has been enlarged.
Other changes are evident in every building of the college.

All this was made possible by a state allotment. it is true. but the
actual results were ciicctcd through the initiative and cooperation
oi many people. l’rcsidcnt Hiiylcs' interest in liltlltltlt', State a college
bigger and better ior cvcryonc is evidenced by his willingness to
accept studcnt suggestions and act upon them promptly and com-
This year's .\lysl<ania instigatcd the renovation of the
('ominons and old l’ublicatious (ii'iicc and lir. Saylcs .‘tt‘lt‘tl upon
Special ttllillllt'litlillitill goes to .\lr. lliiltcr and his
stall. \\'orlting tlt‘.~.[illt' the handicap oi summcr scsslttii. he managed
to havc uciirly cvcrytliiug completed before the opciiiiig of school.

.\'ow what are “1‘. ircslimcn and uppcrrlassnicn both. going to do
about illls.‘ 'l‘hosc with the interest oi State ('olicgc at heart lit't‘tl
liut there are others to whom Statc incans little or
liy bring even slightly more il\\'ii|'t‘ oi what is going on
about them and participating more in college inmtions. such indi-
viduals would easily cbaugc thcir :ittitutlcs. Additional improvcmcnts
Illt‘llli Iliol'c when car it one oi us (is an individual is concerned.

|.ct us ltittlt .‘llittlll :nul i'csolvc to take oi all that we llil\’t‘.

to the News.

We're proud oi State
and want you to ich the same. We want you to ich always that you
are a part of State. Remember. too, that you will get out oi Stale
only what you put intuit. And what you gain can amount to a great

'Sayles To Welcome Frosli
ln Opening Assembly

 

Dr. John M. Sayles
President Sayies will address to-
day‘s Assembly presided over by
Patricia Latimer.

 

Respect

1
9
4

 

 

tt‘orneii liiiivt-rsityt Shi- will act tit. I'm“ MI I“ “’1” H“. “WI-WM hmin  TO WGlCOIHG FrOSh

Substitute Assistant l'i'oicssor ll
Hoeinl Httltlil'h. i)r l"or:.\ti1 has in.-
sistcd ill the iii:.toi'\ Department at
Cornell.

Mist» l“l'ill|l‘l'.t l)
th’llt‘nlt‘y (‘tillct't'l A M
iegei will be Hillittllltllt‘ lli:.li'lit'itil'
in Social Studies tor iir itnlpb it
linker. absent on military lcnyt-
Miss At'otiib Ims lit‘t'li a research in.
sistnnl at the llni\crsity ot ('lllt‘ttitti
where she has llt't‘ii working toward
it Hi. 1). degree

Mr. William

Aconib. A ll.
«Hiiiitii ('oi.

l"lilltli’,t'l'. instructor
and Supervisor in Hcicnce in tin-
Milne School. on lcut't', now M‘I'Vt‘h
ill the Army Air Corps as u bombci"
navigator. iiis place will be lakcnt
by Miss (iludys [<2 ilci'i'isk.
tCorncll tiniw-rsuyt AM. tttoium—
bin tlntvm'sityt Miss Herrick taltghl
at 'l‘unkhannock Hciiioi' liltle School
in Pennsylvania.

oi the ill-d (irons. Mr Iitit'lcy Sense-
inunn, A.ii.. AM. (University of
Michigan! wil Ht‘l'Vt‘ as Hlilth’llllllt'
lnstrbuctor in Hl'it'iicc in Miss
ti'iii'lnn's absence. Mr Ht‘llh’t‘iiitliill
t’tilllt'l» to lVlllilt' Ht'lititii itltt'l‘ lcttcll-
lllll, at Hnyviiltn N Y. and Robert
t‘olicgc, t:.tanbtil. ’i tn'kt-y

Mr John it itoucii. All. tHotitli-
caslt-rn t‘olicttc. ()kialioniat AM
tHyrucusc linivcrsityt is to be Hub»
:ttttutc instructor to fill lllt' vacancy
lcit by Mr. James (locin'unc. instruc—
tor and i-tupcrvisor tn ltliutlish, who
is now scrvint; in the Army. Mr
lloacii has taught lli iloonac Ht'liool.
lloosick i":ilis.

'l‘hc tulminislralivc the

duties ill

ith'. Milne Hcliool oi Mr. Paul ti liuigcrw

now ill the Army. will be taken over
by Miss lda 1.. Willie. lit-t. Mh‘. in
l'itlllt’tllltllt lh‘lulc College. Albany!
tMiss Waite taught in the high school

iiepurtiiiciit in 1"l't'Vt’blHll'l-i. New York.

’i‘hc Milne Ht'lt'iu'c
t('tilllillllt‘ll on I'm/c

also loses Miss Marian (i'iiriun who! .‘il

At Frolic Tomorrow Night

Al.l. positivr-iy nil treshincn
uri- invich to Hliulciil (‘lirisliuii
Association's Annual l“l'tihli it‘i'o»
Iic to be iicld :il lllt‘ iiiizle ltooin
lli l’icrcc iiull tomorrow night
Irom it lit) 1' M. to it! I’M. l‘llllllt't'
“and president oi Ht‘A wishes to
emphasise that the uttuir is
purely sociul. uiui ull trcshnicii
are invited regardless oi religious
prcicrcnct.

'l'bc program will include
games. at talent show. a skit and
dancing 'i‘iic lillt'ill show will

' be an exclusively trcsiiman pres—
‘ cnlation.
Murthu Hprcngcr. '-lh and Alice
‘ Muctlowan, 'ttti ure general
‘ chulrmun for the utl'uir. 'l‘iiey
I Would like to rc—cmphusiac that
the li‘roiic is purely social and
l for the. purpose of acuuutntiug
t ii‘osli.

Student Guides Lead

l'resliman Orientation
‘ Htudent (ilii(lt' t't)~t'llllll'illt‘ll iiuth
iiines. 'tlh. and Herb iirock, '-l‘l. this
week supervised tiic plunncd guid—
uiicc oi the class of '-l"l a tour of
the college. a discussion. and lunch
with tho iresbinen

'l‘hc (Entries are divided amour.
tiiirty-two captains. with tvvo guides
under each captain. Hiiiec there are
hit) i'rcsinncn. it gives each guide up
proximately live students.
. iiutics oi the (tables began during
the summer. when they wrote to
their tresiuncn to acquaint them
lwilh State. Monday. groups were
. taken on a tour of the college. shown
the (tonunons. the rehabilitated 13.0..
and other points of interest. 'l‘uesduy
the (itiidcs met with their freshmen
for informal discussions. ’l‘hey plan
to be present with their freshmen at
’i’rcsidcnt's Reception next Saturday.

l
Voting System Change
{To Be Explained Today

The class of 1947 will be
welcomed to State
]John ‘M. Sayles. President of the
College, in today's assembly. The
entire student body will be asked to
tconsider two major items of busi-
.ncss. and in addition. Patricia Lati-
lmcr. '44. President of Student Asso-
lCltltthli. will introduce the members
of Myskania and the Student Asso-
ciation officers to the assembly.

NEWS Asks $50

. A request for an appropriation
.i'rom the Student Association sur-
tplus wil lbe made on behalf of the
S'm're Coi.i.eoe NeWs by Janet Bax-
ter. '44. A year ago the News Board
purchased two fluorescent light fix-
tures out of its own surplus for the
‘ News section of the Publications Of-
fice. This year. the News has taken
over the entire office and wit uti-
lize. all space during both daytime
and nighttime working hours. The
sum of $50 with which to purchase
Itwo adidtional light fixtures for the
lother half of the office will be re-
quested.

: Voting System Change

A change in the entire voting pro-
{tcedurc will be outline dby Trece

The resolution to alter

officially
College by Dr.

.Aney. ‘44.
Ithe election system was formulated
gby Myskania in an effort to stimu-
'iate more active participation in
student government. The proposal
"wlil be submitted to the entire stu-
tdent body today for discussion.
l Nominations for the office of Vice—
‘ President. of Student. Association will
tbe announced and will be held in
inext wck‘s assembly. Harold Gold—
steln. '45, was elected to that office
last spring. and since then has been
idrafted. Student Council has ap-
pointed Barbara Putnam. ’45. as
Vice—President pro tem.

Myskania will announce the class
[guardians for the ilrst semester.

i

lComplete Shiit
gMade gin lljlousing

’l‘hc increased number of women
lenrolled this year. and the shortage
of men. have necessitated an almost
complete shift in the housing situa-
tioii

Saylcs iinll. former incn's dormi-
tory. now houses llitl women, 80’}
of which are freshmen.

The James l"t'lliilttii't‘ Cooper House
has been discontinued on the cum-
pus. in its stead is Nelson Hall. a
new cooperatch tor women at. 1002
Madison Aventie. 'i‘be Potter (’flub
fraternity house on Htatc Street. has
now assumed the name of Stokes
liaii. it has been ii'itiis‘itil‘illt‘d into
illltilllt'l‘ cooperative which accommo-
dates ill women at present.

(it the three cmipt-rntivcs now on
rumpus. Mort-land Hall is the largest
with :i-t women residing therein.

Aimrosiinnlciy iuti women are
'liviiir. ul l’iei'ce lltlll and cottages.
l"tli'l't'll has been reopened attain.
Membership this year has been iii-
crcuscd to 27. Wren llall. privately
ii|)t'l'lllt‘(l dormitory on South Lake
Avenue. has 32 women living there.
'l'hcrc are il'l women at Newman
llnli. u dormitory at '74] Madison
Avenue winch is operated by the
Albany t‘nthoiic Association

Hitylt-s ilull Annex. tormer SLS
ttrotcrnity house. tu'coinmodutcs iii
.mcn.

'l‘he room and board jobs for up-
perclussmeii have not been tabulated
to date. but there are upproxiiiuiteiy
lit in the freshman class.

Sevoral women. particularly fresh-
men. liavc been forced to room off
campus because of the housing crisis.

 

