 

;
I.
I
l
f

 

“its. STATE COLLEGE NEWS
A l Established May 1916
" By the Clue of 1910

  

Vol. XXVIII December 3. 1943 No. 11

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The iiudergradiiiite newspaper of the New \ork Sf‘lltu
College for 'l‘eaehers; published every Friday of the Col-
lcgc year by the NEWS Board for t._i_i_e_Student ASSgL’lil-
tion. Phones: Office. 5-9373; Baxter, 2-oolo; Stengcl. 8-..804;
l’lckert. 2-2752.

IIPIIBKNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBING IV

National Advertising Service. Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON A‘ll. le YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' LOI IIIILII ' SAN FRANCISCO

 

The News Board
MARY B. STENGEL ._ '

JANET K. BAXTER - '
JANE PICKERT - -
LILLIAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KILEY - -
SUNNA COOPER _

JANE HEATH - - -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS

 

EERBICH McFERRAN

KENDALL O'NEIL

LOFARO SCUDDER
urgily... 9

 

.\l| coinmunlcitiions should be addressed to the editor fIIIlI
must be signed. Names will be withheld tipoii request.
The S’l‘A’l‘ld l‘tililillitll'l NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expres'scd in its columns oi"coiniuuitlcufions
as such expressions do not necessarily i'ellol't ts \‘ll'lV.

 

Second Anniversary

Tuesday is December 7, Pearl Harbor Day. A
year ago it was just another day of classes for
students at State. This year it will call forth mem-
ories of the College that two y -ars ago“ was as
different from the one we are attending today as
that which students attended fifty years ago.

The past year has wrought many changes at
State College. A year ago on December 7 the
changes evident since the “first day of i 'amy"
were few. Students had been asked to sign tip for
war activities; a certain very few had given blood;
the men of the college had begun to leave, slowly,
one by one. But State College remained much the
same.

However, on 'l‘uesday. we students will not be
able to look back over a year of such comparatively
little change in a world which is being so radically
rcwilutionizcd. State College is no longer a world
apart from the other. State College has entered the
war.

What is the great difference? 'l‘hcrc are some
who point out the fact that there are but few men
in the College. For in the year most. of the re-
servists have been called. 'l‘hcrc are those who
poilit out the increased student participation in
war activities. There are those who poiiil out, the
extra—curricular activities. run almost exclusively
by women. llut thesc are only part of a greater
whole. The very atmosphere of the school has
changed. Sonic have fcrmcd if, "war hysteria."
The Dean has had to reorganize the cut system in
an effort to stem cxccssivc absenteeism frotn classes.
Side by side with an increased interest iii war
work, probably best characterized by the success
of the "llig 'l‘cn,“ has sprung up an indifference. to
the school and classes.

This is what has made State College different. this
year from last year. For an explanation all one can
say is to use that Well worn phrase. "(.‘Tcst lc gucrrc."

What will we look back off next ycar. Sfafc (‘ol-
lcgc? A year of growing iinliffcrcncc. or a year of
Worthwhile endeavor?

Debate Hits Back

While a slccpyhcad organization i‘cstcd on a
pillow retailing at 5.202. t)hltuikt*f‘>~ pointed. shouting
"(ill with the dull onc's lit-ad?" licbatc t'ouncil
struggled to regain consciousness by reorganizing.
and offcrcd the st udcnt body ai'gluncufs to be allow~
cd to livc.

Yesterday's licbatc Seminar was Argument \o.
l. The ('oluicil preceded its offering with notes in
mailboxes and posters. perhaps to turn 'round and
wakcii the erstwhile onlookers who might be fcmpf—
cd to dozc when the shooting was done. Argument
No. l is a test of student interest. Vi”! «hila'i
lessons. instruction in parlinicutary procedure. re-
quirciiicnfs of outside reading and a little Work. as
included in file Seminar plans. attract the debate
minded. the tcaclicrs—to-bc, the shooting onlookers?

Argument No. 2 is a similar test debates be-
tween college organizations; the first of which will
be held next 'I‘iiursday. Do other groups care
whether debating rots?

Now the Council can ask, “Who's in a lethargy.

..,.- Luv-u». ~ -—

   

%«+.»W~.;:qmw«w.mmmnwun. t .-.. . 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

Evening Above Par——
b

y RYAN

Every once in a while a jaundiced
A.D. critic attends an evening of
plays in Page Hall that are really
well-done. and in grateful apprecia-
tion. is apt to burble over with praise.
We’ll have to do that this time. be-
cause Ruth Hines and Roz Hastings
combined to do a bang-up job the
Tuesday before last.

Ruth Hines presented an amusing
bit of froth about a philandering
artist. Jim Crandall. as the artist,
wavered at first between playing
Alfred Lunt and Henry Aldrich.
Toward the end, though. he leaned
to the Lunt interpretation, so it
turned out all right. Claire Sch-
wartz was delectable as his current
flame. but slightly over-done. The
real sensation and surprise of the
evening was our beauteous Baxter as
the understanding wife. She carried
the play right along. and consider—
ing it’s her first role. did an amazing
job with tempo. interpretation. and
gesture. Orchids to youse. Baxter.
me gal. You Were fine.

The climax of the evening oaine
when the curtains opened on Mrs.
Hasting’s short selection of scenes
from ()lhollo. which she had judi-
ciously cllt to form a one-act play.
Looking back. we can remember
only ’l‘rumbuil's Macho/h. and Mac-
isaac's Elizabeth and Essex.- to coin-
pare with this beautifully unified.
and excellently directed production.
It was no amateurish bungling job
on the part of the director or the
actors.

Kiley. as Othello. started off terri-
bly well. but lost his command of
the stage as the murder scene ap-
proached. Perhaps it was because
'l‘eddy Fine did so superb a job as
Desdeniona‘s faithful maid. Emilia.
'l‘eddy carried off the liturels for the
whole evening for her clarity of

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1943

interpretation and her sensitive un-
derstanding of character. She over-
shadowed all on the stage with her.
Putnam looked properly ethereal
as Desdemona. but. perhaps it was
the contrast with Fine—somehow
she seemed to lack that under-
current of spiritual strength that
Desdcmona should project. Me-
Fcclcy as Iago was very fine in
some scenes. but seemed a bit over-
done in others. To this critic it
seems that Iago should be quietly
menacing. rather than the melo-
dramatic villian. Al Reed turned
in an exceptional bit as the ebullient
Cassie. His utter naturalness was
startling in contrast to some of
others.

Which brings us to our pet peeve.
Shakespearean English is spoken
like any other English. Not contin-
ually declaimed to the rafters. Only
Fine and Reed sounded like real
people speaking real words.

But that is admittedly only a
carping criticism. Everyone was good.
even extraordinary at times. Al-
though we‘ve found fault with some
on a small point. we thought the
p--oduction was a joy on the whole.
Frankly. everyone. Olhcllo was
terrific. 'l‘hcre‘s no other word for
it.

Site Yager sang in intermission.
and very beautifully. Ill'f‘ Moria
to the accompaniment of a piano
and giggles and chatter from those
blessed infants in Milne. May this
critic suggest that Milne be barred
front all further A.D. plays? ’l‘liey
are only an annoyance to everyone
around, and obviously don't gain
anything from the evening. except
some evil glee from any warning
looks given them. it was too bad
they had to spoil to some degree
what was otherwise a memorable
evening.

 

mm

 

In a fabulous palace called San
Simeon sits an old innii with ii long
sad face. and a frightened heart.
This man is the king of a tribe
called "The Yellow Journalists." He
rules over 11 race of men who spend
their time writing about. sex fiends.
unfaithful wives. ghost stories. mid
ii fci'i'iblc race of people called thc
“Bolsheviks” or the "Reds" or the
“Communists.”

The name of this king is William
Randolph Hearst. the First. and be—
sldcs being head of the “Yellow
Journalists." he is member of another
tribe called "The 100'; Americans."
The 100'; Americans are jolly fcl—
lowx who fliliik that America is
made for Americans. ignoring the
logical development of such a sluic-
iiicnt. which would iitenn that the
Indians are the sole rightful poss—
essors of America. The 100'. Amer-
icans think all this baloney about.
ulliunccs with other nations is the
biitik. They know the l‘ilmllfsll are
just out for "lhnpirc." and the Rus-
sians want "World llcvollflioti." and
the Chinese aren't "white" people,
and the French have funny ideas
uboiit morals. lint liitcly thcsc jolly
fellows have bI-cu getting worried.
An awful lot of dumb chicks lousy
intellectuals. and (‘omtminisls fcuch~
cl's. iind long—hairs have been say-
ing fliiil the only salvation for
America is a firm alliance with
the great i.-.ovcrnmcnt of the world
The jolly fellows. Hearst and
Wheeler and Johnson and Hoffman
don't like that ill all, 'l‘hcy'd be
out on n lfiiib if that ever happened.

So this old tiiiiii is frightened.
And what frightens llllll most is that
country inhabited by ogrcs culled
If.llh:~lfl. He‘s had a terrible time
lnlclv. because filo bild itilssian peo-
ple huvc bccn very stupidly dcf'clid-
ing their iim'crninent against that.
Hitler fellow. who wasn't. such a laid
any offer all. King llcarst. used to
say. lKing llcurst never liked the
Jews either). llut. licoi'st found the
answer to the fact that those [tus-
slun peasants were such good fight-
ers. He had editorials written on it
the other day. What really won the
Russian war wasn't the defense of

 

by IUIONA RYAN

 

Stalingrad. mid the millions of Rus-
sians killed and wounded (good rid-
clnncc. King Hearst thought. to him-
sclfl it. was the sprinkling of Amer-
ican planes and tanks we got. over
there through Lend-Lease! So
America really won that fight after
all! It's iill simple. you see. And
it. was easy for an old frightened
man to f'ol'gct. how bitterly he had
campaigned against. Lend-Lease.

King Hearst. is also worried about
a very good movie that's just. been
made showing those Russfoii ogi'cs
fighting the Germans bravely. It's
culch “North Star.“ aiid King Wil-
lialii didn't like if one bit. He sent
to all his editors a note saying that
"North Star" was to be ignored by
the Hearst papers. aiid if if were
cvcr reviewed. it was to be labelled
"liolshcvlk propaganda."

After fill. any 100’; Anicrlcini
knows that people aren‘t going to
fight for anything else hill the
sacred rights of private property amt
f'i'cc enterprisc.’ it must he propu-
gundaf

llul King llcursl isn‘t :oing to
let pcopli' tliliik he isn't fall'—
minded about it! Ah. no. tin his
editorial pages he sees that we get
what is supposed to be the unbiased
viewpoint of the Russian War. ile
shows pictures of the Itusslun Army.
This takes cal'c of covering the win'.
'l‘hcn on the rest of fllc pages are
news stories about how there are
thousands of (‘oininunists iii govern-
ment positions. and how we must
watch oltf for those wicked ogrcs
lllussiunsl and how America comes
first. Ami lo Williiiiii the Firm. u
illisslun will always carry a bomb
in one hand and a out o' niiic fails
in the other.

llnt sometimes in his fabulous
castle. in those dark hours when
even a king must doubt himself. the.
old man is frightened. He keeps
wondering how those Russians that
he always thought were tortured
and beaten and bullied into silli-
mission to ii tyrannical government.
how they can fight like demons hi
defense of that llovuriuucut? I'Io
keeps wondering. and he grows
frightened. as only an old mistaken
limii can be frightened.

 

 

  

w

by KirrY‘M/msii

(Kippi/ (ions the colimm over this amok. to Lt.
Andrew Tit/cos, [m'nier News incmhcr home on leave
from Textual

He was Pvt. Lowell tNMI) Lower. ASN 72660662
and an ambitious lad. He joined the army with f
burning ambition to do great things and become fam-
ous. Nothing was going to stand in his way.

Lowell achieved his first fame the second day it
was in the induction station. A high and might
corporal stood in front of the newly-arrived an
asked in gentle tones if there was anyone who want
ed to become a mess sergeant. Lowell did. Titc
corporal directed him to the nearest mess hall, nit.
assured him that he would be taken care of.

He was. All went well until Lowoll. acting illltl~
orders. went out the back door on the double 'ill‘l“
ing a garbage pail. The poll was full, the floor w.
slippery. and the mess officer was just. coming throu .
tiic door. The upshot of it all was that. there wan .
collision. the dry cleaner got. an officers unif'orn
and Lowell got six more days in which to learn ho:
to walk without falling.

They shipped him eventually from the inducitm
station to what was to become his outfit. Lou-cl.
figured that he could start hei'c with a clean slab
and since he wanted to leave no doubt as to his tun-
bitions and intentions. he sougi‘ out his platoon li-adci
to have a man to man talk With him.

“Sir.” he said. giving as fair an imitation of .t
iiighbull as he could scrape together. "I am PM

Lowell. I want you to know that are.
Offer time you want anything done you should
ltceeives feel free to call on me. I am very anxiou-
ltebui‘f to get. ahead. If I can ever help you
just let me know."

Right then and there his platoon leader told lllllt
a few things that. he could do mid ii few places when
he could go. Lowell was shocked. He had llt.’\‘l‘l
heard language like that before.

Training started and l.owcil managed to ill'tl\'f'
over and over that he was indeed willing to piit out
one hundred percent. He proved over and (NW flint
he was very Niger and very nnich on the ball. Wliat~
ever he did. iic did \VllOlf.‘llf.‘ili'LC(ll.\ and energeticth
When he was taught to hit the wound. he hit i.
vigorously. It took a week in the hospital to l'i'Nllll’t'
to him the use of his arm. When they had poi..ln
gas identification, he wanted to be sure to gcf lllt'
odor of phosgenc. so he took a great. big sniff. It tool;
a pulinotor squad half an hour to revive him. When
they told him to dig a slit trench he dug a SIX-lint”
l‘oxholc. and they had to lift. hlin out when he found
it was too deep for him to climb.

Time passed. and after tlil'cc false alarms he -'itl
a furlough. Lowell went. home. proudly carrying \illlt

liliii a. ring that. he had shown to all do

 

 

(tarries boys and with which he was going to
Ring surprise the Apple of His Eye. thn hc
liacli got. to his home town he dropped his bar

mid took off like a big bird for the liflllf-t'
of his Oiic and Only, He rang the doorbcll and hi.
heart gave a leap when She. appeared. She was glad
to see him.

"Lowell. you old (lcar. come in." she spoke. lit
came in. She. continued. as a prosperous looking in»
divldual hove into sight. "Lowell. I Will” you to meet
my husband. He works in the new defense plant "

When Lmvcll went back to camp he was a .nlm‘
tcrcd man. iic walked into the barracks. tool-z ‘t'ttl
i’lcflli'c off his shelf and tossed it into the ncurc'
trash cati. 'l‘hat night. he lost. the ring in a polil‘f
ginuc.

lilvcnlually Lowell's outfit was alerted. amt aim!
the proper aiiioiliil of dclay iliid confusion fllcv llltl\l'ii
to a Port of l'imbnrknfioil. lie was checked. i'cchccl‘.
cd. injccfcd. outfitted. and finally found llllllSl‘ll III.
a transport. ’l‘he trip across was uneventful ':l\l‘
lilill llt‘ distinguished himself" in a lifeboat drill in
casually .‘xlt'|)j)lll_{ over the side and into a non-mint-
cnt boat, 'l‘hcy threw him a line and lllllllt'll hub
back on board. ’l‘hen the Old Man chewed lnm oII!
l.o\vcll was shocked. He never had gotten uucd lo
language like that.

V All good sliltlll'l'a \\‘llltl up in combat. ltlvcn wolllll I v
Ilkc l.o\\‘cl| do. llia olllllf \\'cllf liilo action. and

l.owcll found himself one day nIaIHllll
lauvcll guard in a lonely outpost far ahead of ill
(‘apturcs lmcn. ilc had just arranged llllll‘-l‘.‘»
(.crmaiis comfortably and had been sleeping old

a little wltflc when he was awakened bl
voices 'l'\\o Nazis. oiti on a rccoiinaissance had “all-
I'tl fluid by without seeing him and \lcrc ('\l'll nor.
headed toward his otittii.

g l.o\\'cll was a man of action lie sprain: lo 111-
llccl Vlic crashed his rifle and pointed it at iliclll
i‘hcn in a lotid. manly voice he shouted ill them the
only (il‘l'lllllll word he knew.

"Hiiiii-i'kruut.“ said Lowell.

'l‘hcy looked around. aiut they understood the lllll
illliluc of the pollich tum. 'i‘hcy raised their hands
laiwcll motioned them to move puck in where he could
fliid some help. They moved.

‘ As Lowell marched his pl'lholu'l's back he thoung
of the wonderful scene when the (,loncral would l“""
sent him with n llit‘tliil. He could hear the citation
being read and could hear his bi'uvcry being cxltlllt'tl
He saw in his mind's eye his name in the hometown
paper.. He envisioned the hero's return. Life was
lxai'u‘tfltll that moment for Lowoil (NMli Lower,

than he looked down at his rifle and dliiilv noticed
that it wasn't. loaded. I

:\.-.-..~..—..‘..wir...rr - .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1943

PAGE 3

 

Women Superfluous In State?

 

by Betty Hamilton ——

Everyone knows that the women
do a lot of grlplng about the notic-
able lack of men at State. So a
member of the student body dc-
cided to get the man's point of
vief of this unfavorable ratio.

The first man in sight was collar-
ed and asked his opinion of the 10
to 1 ratio. The unfortunate male
was Robert Sullivan. President of
'46. whose comment was: “The ratio
at State is strictly N.G. What up-
perclassmnn could. say it is good.
when back in some corner of his
brain they have tucked away incin-
ories of the frat rush parties. for—
mnls. basketball games. intramural
sports. and those murderous t!!!)
rivalry pushball contests? No girls

this ratio definitely is N.G."

In the Commons were found two
more prominent members of the
masculine element in school. namely
Herb Brock. "f4. and Fred Fanchcr.
'47. When asked about the situa-
tion. l-lerb said. “it's wonderful!"
Fred replied. “Personally I don't

State Symphony
Plans Activities

Orchestra to Participate
In Pageant, Musical

Several important future appear-
ances are now being planned by the
State College Symphony Orchestra.
The first project on their program
is the Christmas Pageant. one of
the “Big ’l‘en." which will be given
on December 15. Further plans for
this program have not been dis—
closed at this time,

One of the major features of the
Concert to be held in February is
the piano concerto, A Minor by
Mozart. which will be played by
Frederick \\'oliiisky, '-17. accom-
paiiicd by the Orchestra.

At the present time, the Orchestra
is working on music for the Albany
Light Opera Company. a purely
civic organization whose main pur-
pose is the centralization of local
talent. This organization pi'cscnts
opci'cttas and other light musicals.
The program in which the College
Oi'clicstru will participate in "Vicn-
iicsc Dreams.“ :1 dramatized concert
by Johann Strauss. ’I‘hc perform—
uiicc will be in March.

A number of violinists. an im-
[)(it‘tlllll. port of an orchestra, are
needed to complete the current
group. in connection with this.
Rosalind tiliisbui'g. ‘-to. (‘onductor
of the Orchestra. states: "Anyone
who can play the violin will be
welcome!"

Green, Dorwaldt Limit
Hours For Office Calls

I)lif' to two recent .. 'iif'icanf
cvcnts lir. t‘i'oasdale's lcav 1g and
[UP lil‘l‘tl ltl sclictllllc spcciu‘. physical
examinations office calls to the
collctc physician?» Will be lllllllt'(l lo
spcclf'icd hours

liolli l)l'. (ii't't'll and lit l)or\vulf
will be available daily from it::lti to
flzilti AM. niid froitt lL‘. noon to “.5
1PM; Monday through ‘l'hursday
from ll AM to l‘J noon and from:
to Al i‘.l\/l.; Friday. from if) to It A M.
and front 2 to :l l‘M.

During other lltlltl'n flll' doctors
will be available only by upcctal ap-
pointment. io'ct'lilllr- accidents, how~
cvci'. \\lll be given attention at any
time

’l'hfs precaution has been taken
for the llt'lll‘lll of liolli the doctors
iliid llil students.

College Moles Give Opinions

care. The activities are largely
subordinated to the interests of the
women. They dominate everything.
The trouble is that there are too
few fellows. and not too many girls.”

Over in the Annex area was Art
Russell. accelerated sophomore. He
mused over the present State ratio
for a few minutes and then stated:
“I don‘t like it because there are no
fraternities. And it is pretty bad
when girls start taking over men's
sports football between dorms.
Yes. and imagine our feelings when
we walk into class and hear some
girls say. Oh. Brenda. look.” But
we must admit there is a nice se-
lcctlon."

It was Carr Pangburn. ‘45, who
had the unique answer: “i used to
say it wasn't any fun because there
wasn‘t any competition but when
my grandchildren gather around
me alid ask inc about the Great
War. 1 will say it was a tough
fight there were hundreds of them.
’l‘hei'cf'ore. l‘m joining the Merchant
Marines where it is safe."

 

Mark Blunt Injured Seriously
While Tobogganing Monday

Mark Blunt. '46. was seriously
injured last Monday night while
tobogganing near the Municipal
Country Club.

Mark along with several other
State College fellows was enjoy-
ing Albany‘s first real snow-
storm whcn the accident oc-
curcd. The other men fell off
the toboggnn and Mark con-
tinued down the hill alone taking
all tiic bumps mid hard knocks.
An ambulance was called lin-
mediately and Mark was rushed
to the St. Peter’s Hospital for
examination. It was discovered
that he suffered from a broken
vei'tabriic and several slight
bruises.

As Mark will be confined to
the hospital for two or three
months. visitors mid letters will
be more than welcome. Mall
should be addressed to him at
St, Peter's Hospital. New Scot-
land Avcnuc. Albany. Mark
may receive visitors on Tucsday.
Friday and Sunday from 2:30
to 3:30 PM. and on Wednesday
and Saturday from 7 to 8 PM.

 

College Library Adds
New Books to College

i'xliil'y it}. (.‘obb. Director of file
(‘ollcgc Library. has l‘tPlt‘lth'tl a list
of recent books which were placed
on the shelves for student use this
\vcck.

Among the fiction ili‘c Valley of
[act‘s-ion. l)nvclipoi‘t: Nltlllflf'l' ()iic.
llos l’assos; lliotg/rii Ill/l. do Maitr-
icr; ’l'Iu N/iip. ll‘orcstcr: IIII‘II A!
War. llciningwuy; Ho hill/c 'I'l'lul'.
Mai-dinind; ll'iili I.\' 'I‘hi (lo/r. Sin—
claii'; It'd/I [v'luuiy/oli', 'l‘ai'kingtoii;
f‘hiclrru [u'i‘it'ii S'uudoii. 'l‘uylor;
It‘i'i of St. i’llio'lr. Andci'son; (litu-
(III .\' in III! .Viy/III. Huron; film. For»
Icing/Ion. lli'onifielil.

Non-fiction books on aeronautics.
government. geography. and travel
ai'c also available.

Quiet Hours Problems Solved

Hint-c the disturbance concerning
Quit-l iltllli‘h sci-ins to be working ollt
by ilsI-ll. lh' l'Jllcit (‘ Hfokcs. Dean
of Women. believes that further
action will not be iicccssury unless
the situation bcconics ovcr-bcariiig,

in order to csfablisn a standard—
i/.cd hooker-ping system for sorority
houses. a niccllng was lll'lll \\’cdnc..-
day llollsc 'l‘i'caslli‘crs and l'f‘]il‘t'-
scntalivcs of the sorority house-
molhci's and lltiiirdllil (‘ommlffcc
were present.

 

HOLSIIM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY’S BREAD

l\’l.l'1l‘1N-l\li\ll) \\'lllCA’l‘
ll()l.Slll\l (‘ltAClx’iCb WillCA'l‘
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

(WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

"'x" H? 33".??? um

Jones, Letter

Throughout the next couple of
weeks, mail call to approximately
400 servicemen in many parts of the
world will feature Dr. Jones’ second
letter, consisting of 500 words. which
was mailed Tuesday.

Because he feels that the boys get
all the news of State activities from
various other sources. Dr. Jones tells
them of the whereabouts of other
fellows in his interest, thereby keep-
ing the men in contact with each
other as well as with the College.

According to Dr. Jones. there has
been an enthusiastic response to the
first letter. sent out earlier in the
semester. Approximately 125 replies
have been received to date. in which
the men. as Dr. Jones states. “if
they‘re in the country tell about the
army and describe activities in camp.
and if they're over-seas. talk about
the weather.”

Among some of the interesting ob-
servations that Dr. Jones has made.
is the fact that it takes longer for
letters to reach the European thea-
ter. than it does to reach the South
Pacific area.

The letters are proving very suc—
cessful in keeping an accurate. daily
record of addi'eses. As soon as a
changed address is received. the
correction is made in the files in Dr.
Joncs’ office.

The files are still lacking several
addresses. and the student. body is
urged to coopc'atc in securing the
addresses of Ray Hughes. Daniel
Bucci. Milton Adams. John Kirchcr.
Richard Bench. William Archer.
George Evans. Henry Ruback. Rich—
ard Rigncr. Donald Miturn. James
Spence. Joseph Knska, Harry Kar-
chcincr. Charles Gilinan. Alonzo Du
Mont. Lester Dryden. Kenneth Dor-
an. and Stephen Bull.

VonDoren Heads
EducationolHour

Mark Van Dorcn will open the
first in a series of radio discussions
for Education for Freedom. lnc.. on
the American educational problem.
Monday evening. December 13. from
10:15 to 10:30 P.M.. Eastern War
Time. chi' radio station WOR and
the Mutual network.

Education for F‘l'ccdoiii. lnc, is a
ncw organization formed by a group
of American citizcns for the purpose
of iiif'oriiiing lhc Aiiicrlcaii people of
thc need for preparing for oiir frcc
citizenship through cdllcafion.

In thc initial broadcast. Mr. Van
Dorcn will discuss the principles and
aims of Education for F‘i'ccdonl. lnc..
and from flint will branch out into
:1 development of his own ideas as
expressed in his new book. [zIIH‘I'HI
It'llllt'itllnll.

Mi'. Van lioran. who received a
Hi i). from (Liolninbia in 1921). has
bccii associate professor of Colum-
bia University since liliil’). lie was
lifcrai'y editor of ’I'Iic Nit/Ion from
1921-25. and motion-picture critic
for the the same from lililf—Jlfi.

I‘his new series of broadcasts will
present each Monday evening. a
number of distinguished educators
and leaders of thought. including:
\antci' Lippinann. iiotcd journalist:
ltobcrt llufchins. president of the
University of Chicago; Joseph A.
i-li'iiiidt, president of thc University
of Oklahoma; Stringf'cllow liai'i'.
president of St. .lohn's (‘tillt-ge.
Annapolis; l'itirini Sorokin. pro~
f‘cssor of sociology at Illll'\'lll'(l Uni-
versity; .loliii U. ch'. professor of
economic history at the University
of (‘liil-itgo: Alfred Noyes. cdllcatoi'
utid author; Robert 1. (lannon. S..l..
president of ll‘ordhuin University;
Mortimer Adler. author arid a Illt‘lli>
llt'l' of tire facility of the University
of (‘liil-ago; nitd Alcxundci' Mciklc-
john. \vi'ilci' and professor t'lllt‘l'llllh’
lll tiic University of \\'isconsin.

Big Ten To Present Number 3,-
Sent to Soldiers Christmas Package, December 15

“Do not open until Xmasl" Ten
days early. maybe. but the “Christ-
mas Package" is well in keeping with
the season. Bridge games flourished
at “All state Special”: square-danc-
ing entangled the feet of many after
the "Gay Nineties Revue”; and now.
the Big Ten presents Number 3—
the “Christmas Packagel”

Sponsored jointly by Newman
Club. Student Christian Association.
Hillel. and Dramatics and Art Coun-
cil. the third feature in the “Big Ten”
program will be presented Wednes-
day, December 15. at 7:30 PM. in
the Page Hall Auditorium.

What does the “Christmas Pack-
age” hold in store? Like most
Christmas packages. the one pre-
sented to the student body harbors
many surprises. Perhaps if we peek
a little we can see the outline of a
pageant. telling the story of Christ-
mas with a musical background of
Christmas carols; or the tableaux
to be presented in the gym by some
of the departmental clubs and Milne
students. Also-«but that must keep

 

Music Hour Committee
Adds Drooz and Turcotte

In conjunction with the continued
interest. of the student body in the
weekly recording hour program. two
new members have been added to
the current committee. Elaine Dl‘OOZ.
'45. and Charles Turcotte. '44. began
their duties officially this past week
assisting Jenn Chapman. '45. and
Fred Wollnsky. '47, who composed
the original committee. Miss Drooz
will have charge of publicity.

Schchcrczudc Suite by Rimsky-
Koi'sakoff and Les Preludes by Litzt
will comprise the major part of
'l‘ncsdity's program to be held from
12 to 1:30 PM. in the Lounge.

 

Odd Pennies to Cover Postage
In Mailing Service Directory

“Pennies!”

Hundreds. perhaps thousands.
of bright copper coins are jing-
ling inci'rily in the little penny
boxes placed by Myskaniii in all
group houses. in the Cafeteria.
and in thc 00-01).

These pennies are being (:01-
lccfcd for a purpose. Myskanlt
dccidcd to send a complete list
of sct'viccnicn‘s ilddi'csscs to all
the former State then now in
the service. (food? But stamps
are needed to mail those lists!
And so. tiic Penny Box Drive
stai'lcd . . . .

it began last. Monday mid will
continue until Wednesday. If
everyone drops fl little odd
change iiilo one of these boxes
now. tiic lists can be sent to the
men by Christmas.

 

Treasurers' Books to be Audited

'l‘i'casurci's of all student organiza-
tions. its well as flic class ti'casui'ci's.
are requested by the student auditor
to leave their books in Room 305.
Draper Hall. by Monday noon.

The books must be up to date. if
the auditor has a question concern-
ing the records of any organization.
she will contact. the treasurer of
flint organization. Otherwise. the
books may be picked ilp 'l‘llcsduy at.
lltlllll.

 

RIOE ALLEYS

Western .K' Quail
life a game for school lcagncs
lrom fl AM. to 6 PM.

 

t cusrAvr LOREY t

‘ STUDIOS

Phone 3-1514

 

91 State Street

until December 15.

Two days before the Christmas
vacation begins, student spirit
usually rises and everyone feels like
singing. After the “Christmas Pack-
age" that’s exactly what will happen.
Students will gather around a large
Christmas tree. outside. and sing
Christmas carols.

It is a big program for such a
small price. only 35 cents. including
tax. In the near future. tickets will
be on sale in all the group houses.
and also at a table in the lower
hall of Draper.

In previous years. the College has
indulged very little in Christmas
celebration. Who knows? Perhaps
the “Christmas Package" will initiate
a new tradtion.

The cooperation of both the stu-
dent body and the faculty. the pur-
chase of one ticket by every indi-
vidual at State College. will bring
the contribution of the “Christmas
Package" closer to the $1200 goal
of the "Big Ten."

Awards Offered
For Radio Plays

State students who are interested
in writing radio plays will have an
opportunity to exhibit their skill
in the ninth annual competitions
of Di'amntics‘ Alliance of Stanford
University.

Each contestant will be eligible
for one of four awards. In addition
to these, a new prize of $50 is being
offered for prose or verse radio plays
on American themes as introduced
by Stephen Vincent Benet. Coin-
cidental with this award is the rec-
ommendation to radio production
units.

Other awards are: the Anderson
prize of $100 for verse drama in
full-length 01' once-act form; the
Etherage award for full-length
comedy. also $100; and the Gray
award for dramatic criticism which
brings $25 and recommendation to
standard periodicals. From the
plays presented in competition. the
most. produceable will be staged by
the Hillborn Theatre. the only suin-
nici' repertory theatre of northern
California.

There are no second prizes; how-
ever. honor leading plays are sent
with the winners to Samuel French,
NBC offices. MGM. and other such
i'eknown producing units among
communities’ theatres', as part of
the Alliances‘ effort to introduce new
playwrights to the country at large.

Many other exceptional privileges
are offered to the runner-ups: in-
cluding critical review of the sea-
son's best. contributions.

The final date for present series
is March 15. 1944. Those who in—
tend to participate in the contest
should scnd for i‘cgistratioii forms
and information at once. All iii-
quiries iliid contributions should be
addressed to: Dramatists' Alliance.
Box 1120 Z. Stanford University. Call-
f'oi'niii.

 

 

GOOD FOOD

lli a l"i'iendly,
(‘oin f'ortable

Altiiosphci'c

,“agwahi,
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

L. .. n....r*H_...~.T.._.._v..

 

 

 

 

 

 

