 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I916
by the Class of I9I8

No. 23

 

Vol.XXVII Friday, April 16, 1943
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Colltgiale Bigot-t
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Burrows, 2-2752.

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

I C I I
NationalAdvertisingSerVIce,Inc.
Cullen Public/am Representative
420 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO - BOSTON - L03 ANGELS! - SAN FRANCIIGO

The News Board

FLORA M. GASPARY } _
R. MURIEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS -
BEVERLY PALATSKY -
KATHERINE COUSINS CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - - - - AssocIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

- - - COAEDITORS-lN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER

 

 

ISSUE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations ns such expressions (to not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

Ghost of Case No. One

State College has long been waving the banner
of Detnotrat'y. State prides itself upon being
Democratic. But if State is Democratic, it is
through no ellort on the part of the great major—
ity. Most students discuss the term in Social
Studies tlasses and then dismiss it sinugly. And
tltc more spirited minority, does little more.
'l'rue, a few tlo ittsist upon pl'.l)ittg a fairly attu-
part iii the deittoti'alit lilct’lliillislll ol the sthool.
And so the) “gripe”. ’l‘here's nothing wrong
with “gripitig”—so long as it is constructive.
Apparently, State finds that it is "no fun" to
do anything more definite.

 

()ne of the more recent "gripes" (Ullf’Cl'ilel
the Residence (.Iotttit'il situation. The cone
plaints were legititiitttc and sensible. So tltc
Nicws took up the muse iii Crow No. 1. Dis-
satislat‘tioii was expressed, btit not without (Ull-
ct‘etc, tottstruttive suggestions. Survey revealed
that if) ottl of :30 girls agreed that Resilience
rules iicctlctl revision as proposed by the .\'t-.w.s.
No one totild tomplaiti about the results. Resi-
dcttte (.‘ottiitil agreed to an open itteetitig at
whith every woman tould air lter views. When
the designated litne ili'l'l\C(l, i'\'()’l~ ().\'I£
\\’().\I;\.\' WAS PRESENT.

'l'liii is sthool spirit at State. 'l‘liti is how
State handles l)emotrat}. It takes tttote than
otte to make an) s}stciii work. Dropping the
matter would be an aditiissioti ol titalitious lliv
tent instead of sittietc desire to iiitptoie the
s)slt'|ll, Stttlt ptobletiis will neithct tlisappeat
ttor "wotk out" by tlictitsclies. "(.tipitig" will
retur again and again.

I'lte tools are all heie. II is State's ptiiilegc
to wield them. lllt'lt‘ is Ito ieasoii \\ll\ Rsitlt-tii c
(Iotttitil .tiid the wotiieii of State \Ilfllllfl itot
ieaili a sittislttttot) agit-ciitt'tti.

Don't stop lit iiiitl~sticatit tltis tittic. l’to\e
that students ate titoic tlttttt \atillatitig. tltrotiit
totitplaitit-ts. l'lillsll the lob! Residettte (lotitttil
is \\illiiig.

Scholastic Absenteeism

\I'itlt ititliistii tlt'atiiitg up absenteeism. it
might be a good idea lot State to do .t lilllt‘
ltottsctlt'atitiig along llit‘ saiiie liltl', \\cte ttot
doing llll‘ lob t'llllit‘llll\ oi l('\\ll \\aiiititgs \\otiltl
lia\t' lillllllll'll llll' mail boxes \l'slt'lil.l\,

Ilil‘lt'o still llilII' to \t'illt' tlottii to wow ptti
litisllil sllttl).

\\ett- ttsetl plattttalb t'\t‘l\ c\ttisc ttilli'gl'
att'l} ilill'liltll)ll‘. .\ntl pioliabb we iotiltl titt-
aith a felt iitoic weak ones. but let's not. l.et's
ioiiietitiate on tiiilil'liliiflitili. .\ltt-t all, we
stippost-tlli lane a goal iii mind l'\l)lf'wst‘tl by
out inete pit st'lttt‘ in this institution ol lcatiiittg.
\\‘c (It'lillill‘ illist‘llll'i'lslli itt iiiilusti) litit lotch
that \\t' too .lit‘ iii an illtlllslH an iinptiitaiil
one, We llil\i' it-spoiislliilities. Let's not ignore
llll'lii.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY APRIL 16, 1943

By Lyn Burrows
Ye that follow the vision
Of the world’s weal afar,
Have ye met with derision
And the red. laugh of war?

——Allred Noyes
RECENT MEMORIES

The ERC’s who left just before vacation are doing
ﬁne, and are keeping their senses of humor . . . Buck
Ilippick, having left Camp Upton, sent the following
telegram from St. Petersburg, “In Air Corps, Florida.
Wonderful. Wish you all were here" . . . Slavin and
Skolsky are also in the warmer regions, rooming
together at Miami Beach . . . and we're having snow
storms in the middle of April! Ilank Ruback stumped
the Army with his long legs and large feet. They
couldn’t be fit so he didn't leave Upton with the rest
of the fellows . . , Lcneker and Vcrrcy are enjoying
their jobs as “gloriﬁed nursemaids" to new rookies at
Fort Niagara . . . Beach, Bernhard, Brcnni, Cornwall,
Duncan, and the Flax boys are all at Fort Bragg . . .
State is well represented at Kcesler Field by Born.
Finer, Loucks, Mcnnillo, Mullin. Regan, and Skavina

. . They would “appreciate letters from anybody that
cares to write" . . . Let's hear from you soldiers often,
too. . . .

Ray McNamara is taking anti—aircraft training at
Fort Eustis, Va. . Having just started his basic
work, he likes what is going on . . . Ensign “Will”
Muller has been spending ten days at home . . . Bolt
Combs is doing pro-flight work for iwu months at
Colby College, Walerville, Me. . . . Bob Bariman, froin
reports, has a slight case of pneumonia at Jefferson
Barracks . . . I’vi. George Kunz, 7lst Service Squad-
ron, Charleston, S. C., turned down OCS . . . He
b elievcs that the longer you go to school the less
chance there is for action . . . And he's all for getting
into the fight . . . True to type . . . He also expects
a furlough soon. . . .

LESS RECENT

Will Framcnl, ‘40, was surprised to get the News,
and thanked us with news about himself . . . He also
gives Slate training credit for his transfer from the
cold Atlantic to teaching at Noire Dame .
"charming apartment" and a "lovely new wife" keep
his morale on top . . , Also in the romantic vein comes
news of Leo Griffin‘s engagement to Gerry . . . Also
marriage of Warrant Olliccr Ed Caslcr and Gussic . . .
Faith in State romances furthered by Licul. Jack Nor-
deII and Carol Golden walking down the aisle , . . Dan
Bucei, at Hunter Field, Savannah, married that south—
ern gal. . . .

Stale gel—iogeihcrs are happening often . . . Brecn’s
already mentioned NYC dinner went off per schedule

Lieui. Duke IIersII and Jim Quinn, located at
nearby camps in Kentucky, met halfway . . . By the
way, it] Burke is in llcrsh's command . Major
Thurston Paul and Licuis. (,‘Iiappcll and Dillinan tele-
graphed DV during celebration at Camp Ruckcr oili-
cer's club . Jack LaVarn and Jim Maloncy are
at ATB, Solomon's. Maryland . . . a/c Max Sykes and
a/c Bob Scifcrt have left San Atitonio, transferring to
(of all places!) Sikcston, Missouri. . . .

Bob Margison (spouse of Eleanor Groll) is at pres—
ent at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Ordnance Officer's
School . . . He and wife go back to California in a
month For you who complain of heavy class
schedules, Bob has eight hours of classes per day plus
four hours of study , . . Sometimes he cats and sleeps
. . . Everyone expresses his regret at the demise of
College lltiuse , . . Bob IIcrfcl has been transferred
to Camp Locket, Calif. . . . Bill Ilopke, here in Albany
during vacation, has returned in Sioux Falls
Louis Ncabiiur, approximately ‘39, finally turned up
at New Orleans, but won't be there long . . . The
fair blue waters of the Gulf Stream are calling him
. . . Fred It‘crris, ranked sergeant and approved for
()CS within a day, goes to Camp Barkley in May, . , .

Settle of the faculty have heard from Warren Dens-
Inorc , He's been at seat on the USS. Marblehcttd

y l e (‘in'l Mitchell, previoust at Norfolk is doing
.‘s‘ltot'e l’alrol at Richmond, Vo. , . . Bob I‘aifon is
studying as hard as he ever did learning engineering
iti Ittidshipinttit‘s school at Annapolis Ensiin
('litu'lcs Quinn has bectt assigned to the USS. Bul-
lai'd. . . .

.IoIIiI IIaycs, former Superintendent of Schools iii
l\’lcelitttiic\‘illc. Is a major iii the I’t‘ovost Generals
ollice itt Washington, I), C. . . Bob Kin'pcu is iiol iii
the Army tltie to an operation , . l.icui. Dick Margisoti
of the Artillery has moved to Fort Devins which must
I)(,' tame after having been exposed in Hawaiian
gliitnotti' Ito) Mitt-k of the US. Army Air Force
is reading \\‘l‘ttlllt‘l maps at lirntlley Field, Coittt. . . .
Mae ('itppoti, also of the Air Forces is iit Chicago. . . ,

I‘l'ril news of the week for Slate's dutiful .soits, l)V'.s
lll'\\’ lt'llt't. I'll) copies .

.S'ttiic has been ,iiiitjctl it} till but it )cti‘ of its ittttti—
poti'et' lit the pitsl lcti' decks, and It is it l‘('l'_l/ ttioi'bttl
feeling for those of its ti‘lto were in college tlltl'iilt/ ti
period of itoi‘ottilt'i/ . The present author of this
column sec/tit llli' lilllllIUt‘iil'i‘ it] her readers, because
she iIlI'i'tilll) knows her luck it] qtittltltctitlotts. . .

 

The Weekly Bulletin

('.\I.I‘l\Il.\I‘ Apt l'i’ Helical ttittltii-
l

I ' t ‘ D
Apr 16 Newman (‘ltib rc- A “fd‘ml is“ l‘;'_]::_“'_’ll (fl H
tieiit ill thectitttiii ln- lf'lwh,” “M: A“,\ ’ '
stiiltli- S in a I l (ii'ULLt), ‘. ‘ " _
,1 .15, p M Apr .21 I'lillllll‘ Ilill‘l‘llliﬂ,
iii the laiuiiiic. .5 .it) i‘ M
Apt iii "The (iondoilrrsf' A,” 21 SCA Eng,” 5,“,
Page iiiitl auditoilutii. m. M Ll)“ “mum,”
fi.1i() l’. M Apr 1515 No school.

Gay [Gondoliers'

By Lois Hampcl

 

The State College Operatic So-
ciety’s presentation of the Gondoliei's
was a happy, gay, amusing and above
all a beautifully done production of
one of Gilbert and Sullivan’s most
charming operettas The costumes
were magnificent and gave a color-
ful and festive air to the setting.
The backdrop in the first act showed
artistic imagination on the part of
the designers. The make-up com-
mittee, under the direction of Ruth
Schmidt, madc excellent characters
of Mary Dorothy Alden and Dave
Ki'oman.

The cltorus, in spite of the defi-
ciency of male members, a fact all
too noticeable in all phases of col-
lege life this year, gave a spirited
performance so important to this
opct'cila. It is a shame that with
such a well—rounded production we
had to be "sans males" this year.

Kromaii Is Outstanding

Dave Kroman, State College, '39,
gave the outstanding performance
of the evening, undoubtedly due to
his recent work with the Schcncc—
lady Light Opera Company, the
Alba—Del Group in Albany, and the
Schenectady Civic Players Group.
His dramatic experience was much
appreciated by the audience. Top
honors for the State College cast
should be handed to all the leading
characters, but it's a pity that Jean
McAllisicr didn‘t have, a larger part
We will admit that she filled her
part well atid looked beautiful in
the unusually beautiful gowns.
Jean Chapman and Agnes Young,
the lwu chosen sisters, were well—
matched, as were Rod Fraser and
Earle Snow. Miss Chapman had a
very clear singing voice and was
easily understood even in her diffi—
cult, rapidly moving passages. Miss
Young, new to Slate's musical
presentations, has a pretty. sweet
voice, It seemed to be soft and
flowing and although there were
no harsh notes, her voice will ae—
quire greater power with more
training.

Although Rod Fraser has never
been seen on our stage before in a
musical role, and Earle Snow has
conﬁned his appearance to jost such
work, they worked very well to-
geihcr. Miss Aldon displayed dig-
nity, poise and marvelous expres—
sion in her solo “On the day when
I was wedded". She handles hcr~
self well on the stage, managing to
give a good portrayal of a middle—
agcd duchess.

We realize that ' n lVIchcly
jumped into the Got. 1‘ -n it
was in mid—stream as if w i .t. d
that he probably feels iniici .'
ai home in a straight drama. ee.
but he managed to work up a . ad
characim'izaiion of a weaker men.—
bcr of the nobility. Why did he
hide his light under a bushel for
so long‘.’ Verne Marshall scench it
little nervous in his part but his love
scenes with  McAllisicr were
“hot stuff". These two completed
the well-matched couples.

We wonder if Rod's preview of
Earlc's attcmplcd strip-lease was
plannedwa bit embarrassing I)Ul
self—composure wasn't lost.

Expert Direction

Miss Wilcox really deserves sortie-
thing big for her expert handling
of such a large group of people in
’I very clever way. Particularly ap—
pealing was the grouping of the
chorus iii the opening scene, the
crying pantomime, and the little
chorus dance in Act 2.

We would liked to have seen more
t.f carefully worked out facial ex—
pressions of the leads. We missed
inain because the characters kept
their gaze rather low except when
singing directly to another chat"
ttctet‘.

It was an excellent production
and the rest of State Collette .shotilLl
.‘ait‘ely turn out tonight.

Radio—listening pttblic, who are
l't-t'lttnaic to possess equipment for
television reception, have a great
treat in .siot'e for them when the
optt'cila is broadcast from Schctit'e—
lady.

 

DO YOU DIG IT?

Submitted by Robert Ross Cooper
Boston University, Class of '43

TN

 

 

"If\ a
(-o

.1 61,
DO“! I
Yw .

SEND us your SLANG, AN GET $10 IF wE lJSE IT
Address: College Dept, fppsiscv 0 Cd, Long Island City, N. Y.

Pepsi-Colo Company, Long island City, NY. Bottled locally by Franchised Boillors.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1943

 

5E3 Continues
To Search for
More Teachers

Only Fifteen Registered
Seniors Not Yet Placed

With only ﬁfteen registered Sen-
iors left, without jobs, Student Ein—
ployment Bureau is asking once
again that students turn over to
them names of teachers who are
at present unemployed and who
are available for jobs. They may
be graduates of either State College
or any other college. The following
are the latest persons who have
been placed by the Bureau:

Elizabeth Burden, Casilcion, Eng—
lish—Social Studies; Winifred Jones,
Berlin, English—French; Marie Soulc,
Hartford, Social Studies; Joan Tracy,
Htmcr, English—Drama; R. O‘Neill,
Homer, Latin-French: Jacqueline
Shaw, So. New Berlin, Social Slud-
ics; Ellen Holly, No. Syracuse, Colit-
mci'ce: Belly Combs. Edmcsion.
French-Latin: Marion CeClausland,
So. Coi'fright, Commerce; Marie
Hart, Sag Harbor, Commerce; Flora
Gaspiti'y, Casilelon, Social Studies;
Barbara Bowkcr, Casllcion. Scietice.

More I’liiccmcnis

Aime Boo ra 5. Cape Vincent.
Commerce; Belly NIIIJUI‘Hkl, Middle~
burgh, Commerce; Etiiily Blaisiztr.
Briarelill Manor, lVlailieitialics; Ruth
Leggcfl, lliirllord, Social Studies—
English; Patricia Berry, N:;t‘t'.i‘.v:s'-
burg, English: Thelma IJ'JVIiIStill,
Mountaindale, Coin-Social Studies:
Esther Lcin. Alt-xndci', Commerce:
Loretta Lyndstrom. Congers. End-
llsh—Sticittl Studies—Drania: Eliza—
beth White, East llarllord. Ctiiitt.
Library: Elizabeth liigslice, Bertie.
Commerce: Mary 1“. Cook, Bertie.
Social Studio.“ ‘Zitglish.
Graduates I’laeetl Also

SEB has also placed a number of
graduates. they are: M. Muller,
‘42, Homer, English-Social Sludiss:
Charlotte Hall, '40. Utiadilla, Mathe-
inttiics—Languages: Carol Knill'eii
Wright, 'sll. litiveiia, English-Lang-
uagcsc; Mathilda Gulloli, '42, Fonda,
Social Studies; Marjorie Wolll', '41.
East Greenbush, Commerce; Doris
Fredcndall Mttthtui'y, '37, Unadilla,
English; Albert Al‘i'lillZL’l, "ll, Relis—
selticr Falls, Principal; Margaret
l'lollingcr, 312, Van Antwerp School.
Schenectady. Miithctntities-Sciencc;
Mary Shin'ples, '41, Warwick, CIJIII-
inercc; Belle Lashler, 'Ilil, So. Falls—
burg, Comtneree; Evelyn ()tlivci, '41,
Bellpot'l, Seictice—lVlalhcmafics, M.
Gadziola, ’37, Liberty. Commerce;
Margaret Fuci'cy, 3'12, Hyde Park,
Commerce; Janet Byrcttc, '40, Pine
Bush, Commerce.

Women to Live
At Sayles Hall

Nt-xl fall when school opens, lllt'
block which l.\ made tip of the two
alumni—built .tllfl o\\nctl tlot‘ntltot'ics
\\ill have l)('i“llll' >ll'if‘ll_\' tt git'ls'
doiitaitt. The Alumni A:-.~.teiitli.ttt is
at present tilt-ring those girls who
are applying for t‘tit.llt.s next year
their choice of rooms at either
l’it-ret- or Sayles Hall.

The ever decreasing illliillit'l' nl
int-i1 and the pessititislic ollllotik
lount'tl male ettt'olltiicttl for next
year has proiitplctl the Ahsitl‘litllwli
to this ticttoti, When asked \\llill
plans \\l'l‘t‘ lit-inc, Illittlt‘ lor thus.-
nit-it \\ltti lil.l\‘ be lii'll‘ iicxt l".tll.
Mrs. lit‘l'lll.t llllllilltt'l, fieeietat'y ol
llll' Alttntiti Assoctntioii. ll‘|Ilit'lI,
"We will liilil' t'.it't- til tli.it sitttoliott
when it coon». tip,"

l’ietce ll.t|| \\llll ll‘t .i_ltillilll)!, t-ot—
lill.‘,l“. .tt yi'ca'iil lltlll‘t'n lliZZ \\tillit'll
Siiylc». Hall will ptI:\'liIt' rooms lot
lill more. making a total ol Bill}
'l‘hcse, lIIi'_l'lI|ll' with l".itit-ll l\‘l.itir
stun, \\liwst- t-.t|>.tcil\ is 3."), \\III make
.l\‘il|l.illli‘ tillilllt‘i‘s llll' Illfl \\ itttcii
next j,t-.tt l’iotlt l'ldllll-Ill‘s and tin-
tIl’llfliliIIlitlt'w will be ili'l‘l‘llll‘ll to .ill
llll'l‘t‘ ilt’titlp Itottians

Hulchins to Show \Vaiercolms

l\’li.~..s Ruth 1'}. lltttchiiis, Assistant
l’t'olesnoi oi I“iilt‘ Arts, will show a
collection of original \\illi'l' tol.it‘>
'l‘uestlay, April 20, through l".itl:i_\',
April Jill, iit l)t';ipt-r lltill. 'l‘ltc tux--
ltiliil \\ill consist of lw‘clve land—
scapes lli‘llilll'fl by Miss IIllll'lililh
during the last year.

 

Blasi'ar to Lead SCA
Easier Worship Service

SCA’s Easier worship service
will he held Wednesday noon,
April 21, in the Unitarian Chapel,
Washington Avenue and West
Street. The leader will be Etnin
Blasair, President of SCA.

Dr. D. V. Smith will be the
guest speaker at the meeting.
Music will be provided by a
quartet including the following:
Joan Chapman, Mary D. Alden,
Verne Marshall, and Earl Snow.
Helen Elgin will accompany them
on the organ.

All students of State College
are invited to attend this service.

The olliccrs for SCA‘s Frosh
Club '46 were chosen at a meet-
ing on March 23. Alice McGowan
was elected President; Robert
Merrill, Vice-President; and Hat-—
ricl l3rinkman, Secretary.

 

 

 

Chem Club Schedules Talk

The Chcittistry Clitb has an—
nounced the forthcomingr appear—
ance of G. Ii. Fonda, a noted t'c-
:.earch worker at General Electric.
He will give a lecture on Fluor—
escence. The meeting. which will
be open to everyone, will be lteld
on 'l'hurstlav. April 2!). at a4 PM.
in the Lounge. The (late of club
elections- will be announced.

Newman Prepares Why Remain ln leaching.a

By Laura E. Hughes

Annual Retreat

Newman Club is holding its an-
nual Spring Retreat and Corporate
Communion Breakfast this weekend.

There will be conferences at the
Vinccniian Institute Small Grotto
iliis afternoon at 4:45 P. M. and to-
morrow at 1:30 P. M. and 3 P. M.

Services will be conducted by
Father Kay, Professor at the College
of St. Rose. A breakfast will be
held at Newman Hall after the Cor-
porate Communion at the Small
Grotto at 8:30 Mass Sunday morn—
ing. A fine breakfast menu has
been prepared, and the price is
50 cents. Tickets will be on sale
at a table in lower Draper until
i230 P. M. iliis afternoon.

Marie Hart, ’43, is General Chair—
man of the Communion Breakfast
and is assisted by Priscilla Hays,
'46. Chairman of Arrangements;
Janet Donahue, '45, Entertainment;
Evelyn Insogna, Grad. Reception;
and Ben Reed, '43, Publicity.

Elections of Newman Club offi-
cers for next year will be held Mati-
day and Tuesday, April 26 and April
27 at a table in lower Draper.
Nominations in writing must be
placed in the Newman Club mail
box not later than 3:30 P. M., April

For a person who has never
taught in any classroom except
those of Milne to write an article
on Why Stay in Teaching seems a
bit ridiculous if not actually pre-
sumptuous. Therefore, when I be-
gan this it seemed better to me to
try to give a few of the reasons
why I am planning to leach next
September. ‘

In the first place, I have a great
respect for the powers of the human
mind developed to its full capacity.
I can see no salvation for a world
which devotes its whole energy and
its entire creative power to physical
production. True, material produc-
tion is necessary to winning the war
and to maintaining a satisfactory
standard of living after the war;
but a civilization which sets up
material goods as its god is not
worth saving. Therefore, as a per-
son who is prepared to teach, I feel
that I am best fulfilling my obliga—
tion to myself and my country by
teaching and thus to some degree
preserving our intellectual and cul-
tural heritage.

Secondly. I like to leach! This is
a superficial reason, perhaps, but I
think not. It means that teaching
is a satisfactory solution to the
problem of making an adjustment
iii the economic world. It means
that teaching will not be a slop-gap

until something better turns up but
an interest which will continue and
grow.

Thirdly, I want to continue to
grow after I have my diploma in my
hand. It is possible that a per-
son may grow while he works
that a person may grow in the
armed services. Many people have
done it. But it is harder! 'Illie man
who works with his hands tends to
slagnaie. His body requires too
much of him; he cannot be fair to
his mind. It is very well to speak
of the “eternal spirit of the chainless
mind,” but tnodcrn machinery and
modern warfare require both body
and mind for their own technicali-
ties.

This is a personal problem which
I have been asked to discuss, and
each person must decide it for him-.
self. There can be no such thing as
the “student's point of view", for
each student is different. There are
economic advantages in industry.
There is prestige in the armed
forces. Teaching offers hard work
and iiol too much money. The clas—
sified advertisements take columns
of newspaper space. There are re-
cruiting posters at every post office.
For the first time since we were
born, everyone wants otir services.
But for me, no, thank you—I'll take
leaching.

 

Dapytlslii WI}, Liwrii a. Mitt. town; to,

 

YOU CAN DEFEND, ON
CHESTERFIELDS

Right Combination of the
world’s best cigarette tobaccos to give

you a MILDER BETTER TASTE

7’95 as.
shit, . ,.

More and more smokers are swinging along

Willi Chesterfield because they know they can always
depend on this Mll.l)iili, Iiii'i‘l‘lili-'I‘.\S‘i'lN(.J cigarette
to give lhctit more smoking pl “.lSlli‘C.

lie 'ausc ii is made of the rig/i! com/iiimlitiii of the
world’s best cigarette tobaccos, Chesterfield is known

the world over as the cigarette that S.\’i‘lSi“li£S. You
can ’1 [my a /)t’Hi‘)‘ cigarette.

THE CIGARETTE THAT GIVES

SMOKERS WHAT THEY WANT

 

