 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1943

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1910

V01. XXVII October 22, 1943 NO.

Member Distributor
Associated LOIICKIIIII! Press Collegiate Digest
The umlorgrtulnnte newspaper of the. New \oi‘k State
College for 'l‘eachers: published every Friday of the Col.
1030 year by the NEWS Board for the Student: Associa-
tion. Phones: Office. ﬁ-t)37.‘i;l$nxter, 4-5545; St'engol. 8-2804;
I'lcket“. 2-2752.

IEPRIBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIEING IV

. . . .

National Advertismg Semce, Inc.

College Publisber: Representative

420 MADISON A'II. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcmo ' Boston - ton Alum ' Slut Functsco

The News Board
MARV B. STENGEL _ .

JANET K. BAXTER - -
JANE PICKERT

LILLIAN GROSS

BERTRAM KILEY

SUNNA COOPER

JANE HEATH - -
DOROTHY MEYERS .

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

“mint 2

.\ll counuunlcatlous' should he addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S'l‘A’l‘lx‘. t‘tlllld'itilc NEWS tissuuu-s no responsibilin
t'or opinions expressed in its columns or connnuulcations
as such cxprcs'slons do not necessarily reflect ts \'lt'\V.

V'erclant Voting

One of the most signiﬁcant aspects of Student
government at State revolves about freshman class
elections—the only voting unintluenced by fra-
ternal and sororal ties or jealousies. Every organ--
ized group on campus is interested in the outcome
of the election of this comparatively unorganized
group.

The importance of Monday’s voting cannot be
too strongly emphasized. its results will determine
the future of both the class of '47 as a whole as
well as the careers of individual members. Only
freshmen appear to possess the courage to run for
office because they hope for positions regardless of
organized opposition. liy the time they become
uppcrclassmcn, only a few names will appear on the
list of candidates. Sven only one year's voting will
prove to them that without organization nothing
can be accomplished.

Assuming that each of this year's candidates
possesses definite qualifications for their respective
offices. it follows that any one of them \vould till
the positions adequately. But this is not enough.
The more successful the leaders, the more successful
will be the career of the class of '47 at State.

liver since the class of ’44 chose a woman prcsi-
dent to lead them through both their freshman
and Sophomore years. there has been increased
emphasis upon selecting a woman president. l‘lvcn
with its sparse male membership, the freshman
class faces this problem also. Since rivalry. one of
the main projects of the class. is exclusively for
the women this year (with the possible exception
of banner rivalry). a Woman could more capably
administer this phase of class activity. l-lowcvcr.
on the side of the men candidates is lhc cvcr—
prcscnt fact that some women refuse to back a can—
didatc of their own scx out of sheer jcalousv.

The qucstion is one which the freshmen must
work out for themselves Several organized groups
arc at work already. \\'halcvcr thc decisions of
these groups and the class as a whole. one thing is
certain. The outcome of the election will not
satisfy everyone. and disappointed candidates aml
followers may be inclined to assumc an ituliffcrcnl
altitude regarding class activities. .\'cvcrthc|css
unity is the keyuolc to the success of any class
during its four ycars at Statc. llolding grudges
will not achieve such a rcsnlt, (‘ooperation and
unity will dctcrminc whclbcr the class of ‘47 is going
to gct the best out of Statc in spite of the abnormal
timcs in which tlicy arc atlcnding collegc.

Another Banner Lost

(in May lo, just ilt‘ftll't‘ cxaIii-cramming began.
State College sludcnts look timc to attend a Iilt'tiiol’-
able ccrcmouy the dedication of a scrvicc flag for
their classmates and formcr profs in uniform. ,H'tatc
(‘ollcgc was proud of its flag, its men, its womcn.
Sewn in with thc rcd border and rcprcscnlativc
stars were a thousand mcmorit-s of formals and fun,
of hot discussions and whispered confidcnccs. The
flag was hung in l’agc Hall for awhile . . .

At present the service flag is not "up to dalc."
The number of State men atul Women in thc Armed
li‘orccs has increased. That’s why the banner of
the largest class of State isn’t hanging in Page “all.
Does that really matter? Until State’s sewers have
time to make additions, can't the service flag be in
sight for their honor and our memories?

 

Notes and Half-Notes

By Doris Fleishman

Overcoming a slow start. Conrad
Thibault made Friday night a mem-
orable and enjoyable evening for
all those who attended his concert.

Mr. Thibault did as well as could
be expected with the classical form
of his two opening numbers. There
was little opportunity to show off
his vocal or dramatic abilities in the
stilted style of the early composers.
Martini and Rosa. My Lovely Colin
and My Old Nag Ned found the
artist more at ease. especially when
the latter met with thunderous ap-
plause from the audience. Its rol-
licking rhythm served to break the
ice all around and from then on the
concert took on an informal air
which both the artist and the and-
ience enjoyed.

The outstanding number in the
second group was Poulcnc‘s La
Belle Jcmiease. This number gave
Mr. Thibault the opportunity to
show off his range and volume
which were both amazing as to size.
The motions here came more freely,
too. The Spanish number La.
Purtida was beautifully done. At
the end of this group. the hackncy-
ed La Paloma was done as an on-
core. It was agreed that the “eyes”
had it with this number.

The fourth and fifth groups were
composed of modern American and
English numbers. Two perennial
favorites of any baritonc's repor-
toirc arc The Blind Plouyhmun

and Do Glory Road. Here Mr. Thi-
bault finally found his forte and
in the latter he really let loose. Ma-
lotte’s Sing a Song of Sixpence could
not be left out of any criticism of
the concert. It was number one on
the hit parade of the concert.

From the technical point of view.
Mr. Thibault made a very fine
showing. His tonal quality was
resonant and full, he showed
an amazing width of range, and
the enunciation in all his selections
was clear—even when he sang in
French. Italian and Spanish. This
is all to his credit. On the debit
side of the ledger is Mr. Thibault’s
choice of selections. They did not
give him ample opportunity to show
off his capabilities. In his num-
bers wth southern dialect. be for-
got to show off his southern drawl.
All through the concert, you could
feel the influence of Mr. Thibault's
background. of his Italian style
of singings—overtrilled “r’s” and
sustained high notes. These are
fine for operatic stage, but were
out of place Friday night at Page
Hall.

A word might be said about Mr.
Mowbray, Mr. Thibault's accompan-
ist. It was surprising that he did
not present a piano group of his
own for he proved himself a capable
pianist despite the limitations of
accompanying an artist without
overshadowing him.

 

War Fronts

By RHONA RYAN

We are. in case you didn't know it.
chilluus. winning this war. In
military sense. that is. We may
still lose it diplomatically. That is
the last bright hope of Adolf Hitler.
and all his little conferccs. And if
there's anything Adolf is good at,
it‘s confusing the minds of citizens
in the Allied countries.

He kept us unprepared there for
any such eventuality as Pearl Har-
bor. He backed movements such as
“America Firstcrs" with prayerful
joy; he started rumors. he paid
agents; he did everything he could
to keep our production from rcach-
ing its present miraculous heights.
That is. he. had a well-organized
group here to do his work for him.
Some fcw did his work for him while
thinking all the time they were
being shining examples of patriots

And that. is how Adolf can still
win this war. He can deludc its into
thinking that the rest of the world
is again us. He can deludc the.
British into thinking that we‘re
agin them, and the. Russians into
thinking that everyone is ng'iu
llll‘lll. It‘s a nice trick if you can
do it. and don't fool yourselves.
Adolf can.

That‘s why we're watching the
tri~partite conferences in Moscow
with such interest. Herc. represent-
atives of the three greatest Allied
trillions are meeting. to reach some
sort oi' understanding. The terrible
(and awe-inspirhu; thought about
these conferenccs is that we won't
know for nuothcr generation \vhcthcr
wc did the right thing. We won‘t
know certainly. that is. We'll know
we were right, if. twenty-five years
from now. this world is cstablishcd
on a firm peace basis. with the
United Nations working logothcr in
some sort ot' a league. We'll know
We're wrng if our children are living

What's Coke-ins?

To the Editor:

You got. out of n stuffy classroom.
you buff and you puff down the
stairs. all day long; you‘ve been runs
hing thc legs off yourself, it’s 4:30
and you're rcady to drop.

A little pop, a little stimulation!
You start. for the Cafeteria and
then remember that the coke
machines with all their Pcp arc
gone. So you dccldc maybe you’ll
get a bottle of milk. So it’s either
warm or they don’t. sell it when you
want it.

You stagger over to the nearest
fountain. and the water's near the
boiling point.

in the same sort of a world that was
handed to us.

Well. you say. it. can't much con—
cern me. then. it“ it's going to take
that long to find out whether we've
won this war diplomatically. Oh.
but it. can. It concerns you just
as much as it does Cordell Hall.
Anthony Eden. and Josef Stalin. be-
cause it’s your future that's at stake.
And it‘s your future Adolf Hitler is
hoping to make no future at all.
really. but just sort of“ a waiting
period until another war.

You see. the only way he can win
now is by making us distrust. each
other. When you say. "I simply
don't think we could ever reach a
working agreement with Soviet
Russia." there's a little man with a
mustache in Berchcstadcn who is
rubbing his hands in glee. That‘s
just what he wants you to say. Or
when a Russian says that he cannot
trust the Western capitalist. system.
Hitler has won another victory. Or
when an Englishman speaks slight-
iugly of the Republic across the sea.
Adolf has won again.

We're the people who make up
the country. a simple fact we forget
all the thnc. We. arc the govcrntncut.,
and the gm'crnmeul reflects our
vlcws. If we're cynical about the
chances of reachng a working agree-
ment between the three great
powers. then the final answer
twenty-five years from now will
repay our syuicism in tragic fulfill-
ment. ’l‘hnl's wlmt Adolf wants. lint
if we say it can bc done, and that
Russia. lflllttllllld. and America will
work together for a peaceful world.
we will gel the answer we want in
our next generation. That's what
gives Adolf sleepless nights. Por-
sonally. I‘m in favor of insomnia. a
nlcc incurable case. of it. l'or the
man. How about you?

And so are you.

You stamp your t'oot and oratc
"Why. Why. WllY can‘t we have a
coke machine in tlu- Commons. or
Cafeteria. or both."

lint. it’s all to no avail. So you
do the next best thing and run over
to Central and get as many as you
want.

And while hnbcns corpus placldly
sets in, and you unlclly subside over
your coke, you litth an uncanny
feeling that if that great. Patriarch.
Patrick Henry. were licrc today. he
would reiterate the profundlty of
your thoughtstlinc mo coirc, or
in! nu: choke. l’urchcd Peggy

 

or

By KIPPY MAnsn—

To (all those loyal followers of Jargon In G. I. who
have sent in letters complaining about the picture
which graces the top of the column, we extend our
humble apologies for having such an imphologcnic
mug and suggest a couple of aspirin.

COMMUTERS AND COLLEGE

This is the story of the Forgotten Man of State
College. That’s not what he's called, however. He
is known as a commuter and he composes perhaps
25 % of the college's total enrollment. For financial
reasons or otherwise he “rides the rails"——that is
he gets up at 6 or 7 instead of 8:50 to make his 9:00
classes and he spends an hour or two getting back
home at night. This traveling shortens his day and
makes him unable to attend those 3:30 and 4:30 meet-
ings of the various organizations in the afternoon.
This eliminates him quite thoroughly from most of
the extra-curricular activities at State. His college
social life is somewhat. sketchy. too. Probably he
hasn't joined sorority or fraternity because these or-
ganizations can‘t afford to have too many commuters
and because it‘s much more difficult to get acquaint-
ed with them than with the students in the dorms
and group houses. For these and other reasons. he's
not very much interested in school politics and
affairs. He takes a more or less philosophic attitude
when elections roll around and very seldom evinees
any passionate interest in school projects.

If he does happen to be interested in extra-
curricular activities it's really tough. First. he has
quite a burden with his studies and committing alone.
Secondly. organizations need as leaders people who
are available nights and days and thirdly. i‘l the
same connection there's no place for him to stay if
he wants to. He might stay at the dorm dinner $.75,
breakfast. $.35 and a bed on the floor but maybe
he doesn't know anyone. in the dorm. He could sit
in the library and study till 5:30 but then he would be
left to his own resources for the remaining time. He's
discouraged .

All in all the poor fellow has a bad time of it. Up
till this year he hasn't made much of a protest. in-
direct or otherwise. Now a Cominutet"s Club has
been organized. It's a good idea. Under capable
leadership. cooperation and enthusiasm. tho Coin—
mutcrs can make themselves a group to be heard
from. We're all for you kids. Show us what you
'an do!

It‘ItOM VARIOUS SOURCES

Have you done your goon deed for the war effort
this week? . . . Well, “lied” Evans is in the hospital
at Camp Mackall for reasons unknown and would like
to hear froin some of you kids—so get out the pencil . .
Most welcome sight. around school was Kay Richards
in her nifty Waves uniform . . . Just received her com—
mission as an ensign and will win the war now in
Brooklyn . . . A letter from John Dooley. who is study-
ing engineering at North Carolina State College. coin—
plaining that all activity in those parts ceased shortly
aftct' Sherman took his tour through the countryside
. . . Morc familar faces around Stale . . . Dick llisgen.
who had one whale of a good limc arguing down Miss
Forsylh's Poll. Sci. class . . . And left in the care of
Jane Roolh one diamond . . . Bob Lee. with that sly
grin when you asked him what kind of a boat he
was on . . .

Word from Dr. Baker . Thanks i'or the Start:
(‘oi.i.ntac Naws. It apparently had a rather interesting
journey for it was addressed to F‘orl “Antonio” (Fort
()ntario. Oswcgo. N.Yi. You know the post office
thoughwlhey always get their man. By the way I am
not in Co. A, but Co. H. Co, A happens to be one ol'
the colored companies hcrc and it so happens that
thcrc is a Baker in Co. A who was rather startlcd at
receiving the Ni-2\\':= . My best regards and good
wishcs to all of the students at State. It llll'l/ would
.sr'r' "11‘ born .. " i ‘

(leorgc Kunz is looking forward to seeing thc kids
again when lic gcts a furlough the first of November
. . . hc hopes . . . Norm Baldwin is in thc Scabt-cs at
Cntnp Perry . . . All mail addrcsscd to Sigmund liai-
dowski goes to the postmaster in NYC . . .

Blis‘llili THE POINT

We can't neglect the other diamonds . . . Sonthwick
brandislics one about. received from Hlutc‘s own fall'-
haired boy. lt'rank Hansen . . . lhcn Lois ilnmple has
onc too. . . . 'l'lit'l'c's hopc for the future yet . . . An
evidence of the sophistication of State audiences was
the rcccplion ot‘ Conrad "l‘hibault's rcally good uumbcrs.

Weekly Bulletin

IIUIIK H.\l.l'i NH IN. I \I.I'Z\II\II
.\|| ntwlainn-d lu-\I|mol\s, int ‘Jl \I'\\Ii|.lll t'inln
I'I-I't-rt-nct- llllill\*. and “I’ll w. l'ontmnnton ltt'«-;tltl':tsl it I!!!
in Iln- ltlv's~i'-~lilll ol' \\1 .\I\\i|l.l|| ll.|ll. Til
'l‘lst'ltlcl'. lll'.||l ul' llll‘ \l.|ll|\llll ,\\t-
Lost .l||ll l-‘ooml lh- t.ll‘|lllt'l|l . ... . .
\\‘||| tu- .‘Illl'illilll‘lll ul'l' on \‘Tlildl h" NHle “I “ill.
THIN“). 1” Im. PM“! i” .\ “\l III‘T outwit .IIH s .itl
“Hum 30” 4 . Illll hinltt-s ullli‘l‘.
’l'ln- illlilil'_\ l"I'I‘l\|‘Il l'rotn .U‘Vl' 3'; “H” H““‘"‘ 1“"
the ltlmlts will I..- Ilonnli-l ""“"““‘“ -‘" “""H
to the War t‘onintl tict. ‘Jti .\.t\.tnwd lll'a
(‘I II t'l..\hhl~lﬁ malch lil't-st'llllltg two plays
t‘nh I‘Iil\'\t“\' for l-‘rt-sh- d l r i' c t c d by Margaret
trying out for the  .tntl l-Ilaim lll'iitiz.
NI'i‘VS wlli ili' lit'lll 'l'lli'ri- ' ll.tl| .\iltillol‘lllllt. hill]
day Noon ln itoom lll. \l

 

- 37 Forum Incl-ling.

Nt'lllul‘N lliltl grail sin I 3 . ltoont L‘h‘.
dents who have not already tit-l. ‘17 State t'oliogo
registered with tho Hindi-lit Htlupltuny Orchestra ro-
l'hnploynn-ut arc urged to ln-nt'snl 7:l.'i. Illlllc 'l‘hcatrn
do so llllillt'dltllt'ly. Milne. '

 

 

 

 

classes too."

dd
3m V

In last week's Oat-Bin there ap-
peared a line to the effect of “ . . . I
got classes, too.” Please, oh please
change it back to “ . . . I go to
We're very sensitive
about these things.

Guess Again

While on the subject of last week‘s
OB we find that in spite of the
eighty odd lines we devoted to ex-
plaining why we handed in the old
portfolio. people insist on coming
up with “the reason behind."

There is one prevalent theme. with
two variations. Variation one is
put forth by those to whom the OB
maestro afflicts with an accutc
sense of nausea. It is. in brief. that
GB did what he did to hecklc Queen
Pat from the front. To these dull-
ards we should like to point out
the simple theatrical fact that one
can hecklc much better from the
stage than from underneath the
balcony.

Variation two (from those who
can stand the sight of us! is that
good old altruistic Kiley gave up
his seat on the stage to lead the
opposition. whatever that is. Thank
you friends. thank you. but good
old Kiley is not that public spirited.

We thought we had made the
matter quite clcar.~ just call us T.
S. Eliot.

Att‘n Reed and Lynch

Our third item of" the week is
a very sad tale. indeed. It concerns
the decline and fall of Regis “Hep-
per" Hammond.

The Hcppor is having a very good
year on the gridiron. His speed
and change of pace have made him
the most dangerous and effective
runner in the 1M league. l-lc throws
a mean pass. receives them with
glued fingers. and is a terror on
defensc. Yes. that‘s right. he's good.

In t'act. playing football with Hcp-
per is fraught. With the same dan-
ger that acting with Treec Aucy
possesses WC find ourselves wntch-
ing instead ot' playing with them.

Hopper had two buddies in the
old daysiHmvic Lynch and Big Ed
Reed. ’l‘hey possessed in common
a militia] passion for sports. ’l‘hey
lut‘t'd sports. When not playing.
they could be t'onnd in heated dis-
cussion on whether Mcuscl hit .li2li
or .327 in 1921i.

Big Ed and liowie have gone
guess where: lleppcr. as a member
of thc class ot' Kill}: carries on. At
least that's what he tells the boys
in his lcttcrs.

Now comes the decline and fall
part. Listen:

One day. not so long ago. we ask—
(‘tl llcp to join us in a spot ot' foot-
hnll. llcp stroke his chin thought»
fully and said, “No thanks, l have
to study."

We. of course. were shocked at
this but we didn't attach much sig-
nificance to it until a few days later
when a few of the boys were trck-
king gym—wards for a bit of bus—
kclbnll. llcppor was asked to join
the mercy group. He seemed to be
afflicted with an inward struggle
for a moment. He regained control
of himself and said. "No thanks. fol.
lows. l lmvc lo cut."

We stepped back. aghast at the
heresy. "llcppcr. old innit," \\'c said.
“do you lill'llll to stand there and
say that you'd sooncr till limit play
lmskctball'."'

llc hung his llt':ltl I don't cnrc
about myscll." he said. "as long as
liig Itld and llowtc. out there. don't
llt'lll‘ of it."

"Yes, llcppcr,” \\'t' ngl‘ccti. "above
all. wc must kccp llig lCd and ilowic
from hearing of it."

ltccd and Lynch arc regular sub—
scribcrs to the S'I'i‘rr: (‘oLtilnir Nicws.

chcr trust a columnist . . .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2!, 1943

League Resumes
Following Lay off

Ramblers Undefeated
As Sheiks Lose Again

With two of last week’s games
casualties of the freshman skit; and
an epidemic of minor injuries among
the players, the IM League resumed
play this week.

In Wednesday's game the hard
luck Sheiks Were trounced once
again. This time the undefeated
Ramblers turned the trick by a score
of 44-24.

The first two quarters showed
some really fine and close football.
Led by Poulos. the Sheiks made a
much better stand than it had in
any of the previous games.

Poulos Scores Twice

The first score came before the
game was more than two minutes
old as Poulos sliced through the
Ramblers to gain their goal line.
Then Hammond came back to knot
the count when he skirted the right
end for twenty yards and a touch-
down. Immediately the Sheiks rc-
taliatcd by shaking Poulos loose
once again for six points. For good
measure Cote also scored, this time
on a short pass. Making up for
lost time the Ramblers sent Kiley
and Dickinson over in quick success-
ion. Score at the half. 18-18.

With Kiley leading. the Ramblers
soon turnud the second half into a
farce. The Sheiks, without the ser-
vices of Poulos who had been forced
out by injuries. were unable to stop
the four touchdowns which i'oiiowed.
Three of these were scored by Kiley
and one by Hammond. A single tally
by the Sheiks late in the fourth
quarter ended the game.

It‘aloons Win Close One

Sparkcd by Fanchcr. the Falcons
won a close game t'rom the Sheiks
Tuesday. the final score being 18 to

The Sheiks displayed plenty of
power and deception early in the
game taking the lead when Poulos
went over on an end run l'rom the
five-yard line. early in the second
period. The Falcons roared back
and knotted the count. when Coultcr
scored on a neatly executed reverse.
The second Falcon marker 'amc as
Fauchcr l'lippcd a pass to Read who
raced over. The final Falcon six—
pointer occurred when Fanchct'.
taking a pass went on a jaunt around
right end for a TD.

The Shoiks came back to life into
in the last period and scored the
final tally. A pass from Coultcr to
Cote clitnaxed the touchdown drive.

WAATNet Tourney
Nearing Home Stretch

If favorable weather continues
t'or another wcck. there is every lu-
dicalion that this year's lcnuis tour—
ncy will be a succcss. Since last
week's issue of' the ans, three
matches have bccn played. moving
Molly Kramer. "17. .iosic Simon. '45
and Nora (liuvclli. '45. into the home
stretch. Only four more matches
nccd Dc played. allowing for two
byes. one in each of tlic rcmainlng
rounds.

This week's events were not par-
licnlat'ly cxciliug. Kramer won by
a dcfaull from Jean liavidsou; Si~
hunt and (illi\'t‘lll. '-l.’)'s loln'ucy vcl—
crafts. look their matches frqu
l‘ltt‘l‘lnii and llraithwnitc with rcry
little difficulty.

As lhc tournanu-nt progrcsscs. it
bccontcs incrmtsingly more difficult
to predict a wlnncr.

 

’44 ’45 To Combine Talent
Against Migth Soph I I

Just 'cuz you sophs won the
rivalry hockey game last Wednes-
day. doesn’t mean that you can
relax now. No sireel For. today
in assembly, Leda La Salle. ’44,
WAA’s vice-president. will. on
behalf of a combined team of
juniors and seniors. challenge
you to another game.

This game will take place next
Wednesday. and promises to be
fast and furious. because these
upperclasswomen are hot-stuff
on a hockey field. When you
gals realize you’ll have Now.
Duffy. LaSalle. Herdman. Town-
send, et a1. as competition. you’ll
know you have a tough game
ahead—lots tougher than any
rivalry game.

So. a word to the wise: PRE-
PARE—get lots of practice be-
tween today and Wednesday!
You’ll need it!

 

 

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario of Benson Si.

 

 

Department Store

North Pearl Street, Albany, N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR 83 YEARS

 

 

 

Sophs Defeat Frosh
At Obstacle Meets

The Obstacle Races which were
scheduled to be one of the main
features of Campus Day. were post-
poned due to inclement weather that
morning. Instead they were held
Monday afternoon on Page Hall
field.

The contest resulted in a sweep-
ing victory l'or the Sophomore wo-
men. Thcy captured the three ri-
valry points allotted to the winners.

Eileen Shoup took first place in
the fifty yard dash with Gloria
Baker running a close second. The
three-legged relay reached its climax
when Shoup and Slack. the final
contestants. succeeded in chalking
up another point to the Sophomore
score.

The last event of thc at'lcrnoon
was a "suitcase" race which result-
cd in some confusion when it was
discovered. at a crucial moment. that
the frosh suitcase was locked. In
the repeat encounter the Sophomores
were once more victorious.

The Sophs who participated were:
Georgette Dunn. Captain; Shoup,
Slack. Kendall. Seymour. Harper.
Lulkowski. O'Neil and Sabatini.

The l‘rosh turn-out consisted of
Gloria Baker, Captain; Dunlay.
Collier. Mastrangclo. McGlynn. Tru-
dy Smith and Fillman.

An interesting l‘calurc of the after—
noon's events was the. actch cheer-
ing by both classes. Before this year
lack of moral support was always a
sore point with Slate's fair athletes.

The rivalry score now slandsﬁ
Sophomores. 7':** freshmen. 0.

Bushnell LeadsrArdhci-s

Archcry. while not one 01' State‘s
main sports. attracts a fair share 01'
t‘ollmvcrs. Hclcn Bushnell. '45 cap-
tain of archery. reports that about
fifteen girls show up every Monday.
Wednesday and Friday. Plrmvsky.
Rcbcn and Bullock are bccoming
qttltc expert in the art of the bow
and arrow. Ncw archery cquipmcnt
has increased facilities greatly.

 

GOOD FOOD

in a l“l'icndly,
(‘oml'orl able,

A tmospherc

WWO

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

Sophomores Win
Rivalry ﬁrm

The Dorm field was the scene of
an exciting contest Wednesday after-
noon when the Sophomore and
freshman girls met there to battle
for the traditional two rivalry points.
The Sophs won 2-1.

In the first half. the freshmen
definitely showed superiority in
passwork and coordination. with
Gloria Baker sparking the attack.
The frosh swept down the field but;
were stopped by a few feet from the
Soph’s goal by a skillful interfer-
ence from Harper. Undaunted, the
Gremlins managed to score the first
goal. Mastrang‘elo, Guido. Hill; and
McCormick played a very fast game
and Davidson’s power drives amazed
both participants and on-lookers.

Van Auken. Sabatini. and Slack
were the main-springs of the Soph
attack. Shoup made a gallant try
for a goal in this half. but missed
by a few inches. Tini's long drives
brought the ball nearer to its ob-
jective. However, there was not stif-
ficieut teamwork to get the bull
across the goal.

The second half moved at a much
faster pace. The action took place
almost. entirely near the frosh goal.
The Sophomore‘s teamwork seemed
to be smoother and a spirited attack
was initiated. They scored a goal
early in this half. The freshmen
threatened seriously only once. and
this attempt was thwarted nicely by
VcrNoy. who played a steady and
capable game. Lulkowski and Dunn
competently filled their positions
and aided in driving; over the second
goal for the Sophs.

 

M I o
{M
8m

Margo Byrne

Having vented our spleen in an
earlier column on the slow progress
made in completing the first round
of the woman's tennis tournament,
we wish to express our great pleas-
ure in seeing in WAA’s little sheet
that they are expecting to see the
tourney finished “within a week or
so." To us this seems a bit opti-
mistic since Indian summer is evi-
dently migrating southwards. (or
some place far from these regions,
anyway). and there are five
matches yet to be played. In our
opinion the last few matches take
as long as the first few rounds put
together. Kramer and Hilt are still
unknown quantities. Kramer is a
particularly dark horse since she
has advanced into the big-time stuff
solely on defaults. We wonder if
either of these two are capable of
upsetting the mighty Garfall-Gia-
velli combine. or the tourney-wise
Simon.

We hope that you read the first
issue of the “WAA Sportlighf" with
as much interest as we did. The
sports department perused it a bit
critically as befits fellow sufferers.
and found it an excellent general
review of the full program. For
future issues we suggest a few more
personal touches. such as thumb-
nail sketches of WAA's leaders or
anecdotes which have remained
secreted in the bosoms of the ama-
zons for the lack of a worthy outlet.

 

1' l

 .PEVIEE' REESE
 wso ESTABLISHED
" HlMGELF As one or

BASEBALLS TOP
SHORT‘STOPS W as

3 GEASONS WITH

BROOKLYN!

REESE 15 /N THE

NAW HELP/N6 To -

STOP THE AX/S

1 SHOE? AND YOU
CAN Srop rHEM .

EVEN SHORTER .  '

c

 

 

l’honc il-lﬁli

U. S. Twain/y Dc/utrtmcnl

OUSTAVE LOIIEY
STUDIOS

Ell State Street

 

.aﬁ-mrwuwlimw v u

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

 

 

 

DIAL 5—1913

BOULEVARD OAFETEIIIA

Try Our Busincssman's llunch

600

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

