 

 

 
 
 

 

t
i
i
i
i
I
t

    
  
  
    
  
       
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

     
  
  
 
  

   

,meﬂyn—mmm-

 

   

Established May, I9I6
by the Class of I9I8

 

 

Vol. XXVII Friday, May 7, 1943 No. 26

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Co/llgiata Bills!
The undergraduate newspaper oi‘ the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday or the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Burrows, 2-2752.

 

IIPIIIINTID '0‘ NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

National AdvertisrngServrcs, Inc.
Collin Pub/Mm Rapnmrlauw

420 MADisON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CﬂlCAﬂo - IOITOII - L0! AIOILII - SAN PlAIICIICO

The News Board

FLORA M. GASPARY } _
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - AssoctATE EDITOR

- - - CO-EDITORS-IN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations ss such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

l\Vc, '43, Salute You—I

Hail, class of lillrfl

After tomorrow, State (lollege is yours, to
make of it what yott will. This is a priceless
legacy. Make of it nrore than we have.

We, tlte leaders of yesterday, have failed.
We ltave failed to lead yott out of the confusion
of the war-minded world. We lIii\L‘ not made
you conscious of your duty itr this war. We
have not awakened III you a deeper interest in
things democratic. We have left you with a
racial prejuditc which is perhaps stronger than
that which is claimed to he inherent. We havt
increased your desire for materialistic things at
the expense of tltcse spiritualistit. We ltave
not tleiicd traditiotr, bttt neither have we cit-
richcd it. We ltave failed ill otrr eilort to show
you the proper evaltratiorr ol tnuig's. .-\nd
most of all we Irave not prepared you for to-
nrorrow.

But, why ltavc we failed} It is because only
at this point have we begun to realize the impor-
tance of tutin arid loyalty. It is because until
now many oi as have remained as confused as
conditions will allow. it is because we are now
beginning to realize what it means to be the
teacher of tomorrow.

 

'i'ltoug‘lr we are still harassed by the depress-
ing emotions taused by a war, which ran never
be entirely extinguished ttntil that war is over,
We can see more clearly that if something is
to be done, we are to do it. If something is"
to be platrncd, we are the ones who shall plan
it. We no longer mistake the frivolous for the
worthy. We no longer undertake a task witltottt
being itilly aware of a successful conclusion.

And this we believe entirely, that though we
ran poitrt to nothing arid say with a look of
pride, "'l'his is what we base dorte for State
College", in the worltl oi torrrorrow we will live
fully (onstious' oi what we hate learned from
ottr .v\ma Mater, atrtl whcrcvcr we may go "in
the wide, wide world" we will always sit), "l
was oi the (Ilass oi ll of State (LolIt-gc".

Our First Anniversary

This is out first .\nni\crsary, the first .\nni<
\i‘i’sili') oi the fall oi (Lorregidor.

(latt it be that wt- hate forgotten (lorrcgidor
and marked it as an trrrfottrtrratc episode to bc
platetl iii the batkgtound of history. “Inc we
iorgotlcn those men and women. out \aliatit
"cxpcndables"? (if toursc not, for, we, the
.\mcrit,an pt'oplt', tclcbratc this anriircrsary not
with the laughter and song of a happy il'tiWIi.
but with tile tears and prayers oi 130,000,000
people atrd with the It‘lit'\\2ii oi that solemn
\t)\\‘ that ottt sisters arid brothers shall II('\i'I
again be expended while he han- tlrc strength
to saw llIt'III.

littt we, State (.ollcgc students, tan do cteit
rtrorc than tltis. We ran rcncw otrr cliorts.
Double the number oi war stamps we buy every
week, make at least one ttrorc tontribution to
the blootl bank, write another letter to a soldier
or a million and one other little tliittgs that
will prose that are fttlt'l‘ not forgone/t our [inf
xiii/ricerimy!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY MAY 7, 1943

70m 7cm

The headlines of the week in-
cluded the death of Lieut. General
Frank Andrews and his twelve
companions in Iceland, the Japa—
nese bombing of Australia, the
concentrated English bombing of
Germany’s industrial centers, and
the continued success of Russian
troops along the Eastern Front, ac-
companied by the capture of addi-
tional Russian towns. On the
African Front, Allied columns
closed in on the enemy, captured
Mateur, and proceeded on, an-
nouncing Bizerte as the “next stop”.
Premier Mussolini stood on his
Venice balcony on Wednesday, in
celebration of the Italian victory
over: Ethiopia, and exhorted the
Italian people to greater war effort,
by declaring both positively and
optimistically that Italians would
again see the day that the flag of
Italy would again fly over her
African Empire.

Of most signiﬁcance to this writer
was Premier Joseph Stalin’s state—
ments concerning post-war Poland.
Taciturn Stalin, emitting one of his
fcw commitments of this war, pro-
voked pessimism, and also caused
scattered optimism throughout the
world. Ralph Parker, New York
Times correspondent in Russia,
wrote Stalin a letter containing
questions timely, poignant, explo-
sive. Stalin's answer was clever,
evasive, but not unsatisfactory; cer—

by Ryan

tainly it was an answer sufficient
to the questions asked. Parker had
written Stalin as follows: 1. “Does
the Government of the U.S.S.R. de—
sire to see a strong and independent
Poland after the defeat of Hitler's
Germany?” 2. “On what funda-
ments is it your opinion that the
relation between Poland and the
USSR. should be based after the
War?” Stalin’s answer to both
questions was that the relations be-
tween Russia and Poland should be
based on “mutual respect” and,
“should the Polish people so desire,
upon the fundament of an alliance
providing for mutual assistance
against the Germans as the chief
enemies of the Soviet Union and
Poland."

This writer was not favorably
impressed by the tone of Stalin's
statement. These questions oc—
curred: Does Stalin expect the inde-
p ndent Poland to consist of that
part which Russia appropriated in
1939? Or is his conception of
Poland “strong and independent”,
merely a buffer state against a pos—
sible regeneration of a degraded
Germany? And what may we think
about boundaries, since these were
not mentioned, and are the crux of
the matter? And what kind of
Germany can Stalin be thinking of,
since he recognizes the need of a
state allied against Germany? None
of this sounds optimistic when one
considers the post-war world.

 

Primer Passes Firsi Test

By Jane Heath

 

With the fervency of Pygmalion
of old Cypress, the student body
prayed. Kathleen Martin and her
staﬁ" played a composite Aphrodite.
And presto! the ivory statue,
which had faced demolition in last
May‘s budget hearing, came to life.

Wednesday's Printer was all that.
The college’s ivory statue glued its
cracks, yawned, stretched, and took
a deep breadth. So encouraging
was the first breath that it kept
right on and soon the process be-
came quite natural. No more
shrouded sophistication of the
Statesman, fewer attempted subtle—
ties, mot‘e vigor and healthy imagi-
nation—all these made the Printer
what it was intended to be, a repre-
sentation of State College writing.

The Statesman had tried very
hard to absorb the flavor of the
New Yorker. Even had it succeeded
Even had it succeeded in every
issue, the Statesman couldn't have
enjoyed all-college approval. Una-
ware of reader psychology, the
Statesman didn’t realize that State
students tirc'ri'i New Yorkers. Did
we really ever feel "at home” read—
ing the Statesman?

Its successors made poetic trips
to math class, rode horseback wtth

 

 

blasphemy and without experience,
ate at the dorm dinner table; it
acquired as much sophistication as
its readers, thought as deeply,
laughed as loudly. After a year
of orientation and observation, the
Printer is as much a part of State
College as the Class of '46 and can
Move-up with as much pride.

' In support of the Printer’s versa-
tility, we can point to Muriel Sco-
vell's verses, Mary Siudebakei"s
observations of the Seat 36 occu-
pant, and Leo Warner’s music
appreciation (we believe Mr. War-
ner is not really Mr. Warner at all,
but a Junior with a more familiar
name).

In the main the prose offered was
less mysterious, contained more
vivid characterization and better
plots than Statesman stories.
:‘Michael” made us laugh and love
in a way we had almost forgotten.
Reminiscent of last year's trend was
“And Night Comes On.”

Oh, we celebrated the rebirth of
the college magazine, but we did
mourn the passing of “Honi Soit".
The nearest we came to this phase
of thinking of last year's publication
were Catherine Smythe's ladyiikc
threats in poetry and Janet Baxter’s
verse experiences.

 

Addenda

Dear Editor:

Now, it seems, comes the time of
year when sentiment and nostalgia
reign. We watch thrilled and agog
while a new Myskania is tapped
with due solemnity. We enter into
the final fire of rivalry; we watch
black-robbed Seniors moving out
into the night with unrestrained
tears leaking through. This year
our tears will be also for those who
moved up and out before their time
was up.

Now I suppose it would be my
place to say "fooey" to all this emo-
tion, to say that the “Great Tradi—
tion" has far outlived its use and
usefulness.

But I'm not a radical. l'm not
fire kiItd of a person who likes to
throw a bombshell into something
that is doing all right for itself,
something that is, no matter what
else cart be said, qitite cotrrplete and
beautiful.

I atri just another one of those
people who get excited along with
the mob l laugh anti i cry at the
same titties, itt the some places.
Maybe Myskania is just a symbol
of something that used to mean far
more than it does today. Maybe
the speeches, the awards, the art—
nounecmcnts, the rivalry, are too
ancient to be constructive.

Say, too, that the Constitution of
the United States has outlived its
usefululncss. Say that the national
anthem is out—dated.

As for me, I'll take tradition,
tears and all. I like it.

One Among Many.

 

Bulletin

l"()ltl‘.\l PARTY
Forum‘s Old Clothes Party will be
llizciclt3 flu] the Commons tonight. 0:00

 

' MOVING-[‘1' ll.\\'
i‘lre schedule for Moving-Up Day Is
as follows: I
8:30~—Cirissos line up.
0:00mPt'oeession to Page begins.
0:20 Ceremonies iii Page begin
Order of Events: '
1 Class Speakers
2. Awards and Elections
Pt (lamina Mu
Newman Club
Forum
Press Bureau
EEI’ Club Award
Interf'rttternity Scholarship
Commerce Club
Iiriici
Spanish Club
i’t Omega Pt
:5, Seniors Farewell Suite,
Jenn Mt'AllIstt-r'. 'Atli
At Moving-Up
r "Iirrl Singer, "iii, (il‘tliltl Mai-shirt
o tapping of Myskiinnr
Ii Awards and Elections
News
Debate
l’edrrgogue
Printer
Itcsrtlcnce Council
Drttnitttlcs and Art
Student Christian Ass‘n
Wotncns Athletic Ass'n
Men's Athletic Ash'n
Music (founcti
Debate Council
Class Elections
Strident Association Elections
National Anthem and Forum-
tion of Nutncr'rris
4:00 P. M Percy (tratngcr concert
iii Page Hall.
7:00 P. M.~Itlvalry Skits
lizliOr-Step and Rivalry Sing i'ol-
Iowct by Dlr‘rlt‘ipfng ill (.‘ointiiorrs.
The ten, given by the alumni to
the Seniors. will be held in li'tii'i'cll
Mansion at 4 I’. M. on Friday, May H

 

  

 

By Lyn Burrows‘

THEY, ABOVE ALL

There is none so blind as they that won’t see. . . ,

Jonathan Swift

Moving-Up Day and its stock of tradition are prac-
tically here . . . To many the highlight of the day is
the tapping of the new Myskania in recognition for
ability and leadership on campus Each year
most of the candidates are obvious Each year
there are those tapped who do not deserve the honor
. . . In a school as democratic as State claims to be
it sometimes seems strange that it should allow itself
to be controlled by a small, autocratic, self-perpetuat-
ing, and unrepresentative group which Myskania
usually represents This situation is tolerable
under discreet operation, but there are no depths
sunken too low for the name of any organization
whose policies are dictated by machine politics at the
expense of justice . Tradition is fine if it does
not get in a rut . . . It is to be hoped that this year's
Myskania will remember that it should be handing
down “togas, not pinafores" . admittedly this is
an indictment, and one which is unqualiﬁed .
However, a fairly unbiased opinion would require
that Student Council, as an elected representation
of the student body, is democratically more qualified
to administer the government of the college than anv
other single organization. . . . 7 '

SOLDIERS AGAIN

’ Al Ociken, in Africa, complained about never hav—
ing any candy His folks have consequently
been sending Hershey bars via the Atlantic route . .'
However, not having heard from Al, there is a doubt
whether the chocolate is being eaten or drunk .
Al Mcsehter comes to us with tales of excitement
attd action in the Merchant Marine as seen
the firm rock of Gibraltar and the natives of Oran
 . All of which compared poorly to the torpedoes
his boat was supposed to stop . . . l’cie Fulvio was
back in port recently . . . He claims to have made
the rounds, but has seen no State men . Wants
to know where all these acclaimed Navy men have
hidden themselves _ Charlie Quinn is aboard
the USS. Bullard . Dick Lonstlaic is an ensign
at present residing in Brooklyn . . . llarry Gumacr's
mail now goes to an A.P.O. meaning he's somewhere
in the Pacific. . .

Briefly spreading sunshine around school r'cccntlv

Bob White dancing with his wife in the Conr—

mons . . . Fred Ferris leaving in a week for OCS
at. Camp Bar'kclcy . . . Andy Takas who couldn't be
persuaded to write a guest editorial . Bill Mars-
land, who devoted his titre to the lovely Peggy . . .
Also Bob Margison and Eleanor cnroutc to Ciriiforma

. : Airtl Clarence Orr and Luke Zillcs . . .

Jimmie (‘Iiappeli isn't. getting his mail at Rueket'
any more . . . He’s on maneuvres . . . Marshall Ackcr-
man  a snap job at Upton as librarian . . . He
Just sits and waits for soldiers to come and take otrt
books . . . Some time this month he’s going to meteor—
ology school where he thinks he might meet DaVL‘
Slavm who is scheduled for the same thing . . , Tom
lirecn and Bob MacGrcgor are putting the firti h-
ing touches on their OCS course at NYUV. . , McLaren
wont be tip for Moving—Up ‘ctruse he's in the parade
at their graduation Ll. Joe Boslcy is taking
'Ii‘ easy being air aide to a general at Camp Forrest.
lcrm. . . . Li. Bob Mcsck, commissioned at the
Army administration school, Fargo, has been assigned
to the Army Air Forces, Orlando . . . Les Gravos at
Chapel Hill, N. Carolina, sees llaificld occasionally,
but has no courses from lliill Joe Muggleitin
writes from Camp Leonard Wood, Missouri, that Bob
(utirman is in OCS . . . Bill McCrackcn is stafl' sar-
geant in the medical section at Fort DuPont, Delir—
\vat‘c. . .
I lied l‘ivttns is in a Dartrtroop Division at Camp
Fee-coir . . . Met Nolan l’owell thei-c . . . Mike (‘in-
polmo is in Hamilton College studying the variables
of the atmosphere . . . Jerry Sadtllcmire is stationed
at Bath, Maine . . . Has been assigned to the USS
Hale . . . ilowic Anderson, Africa, is tired, but I1 rt
dcwrrlrotrr‘tetl . , . Says we shouldn't get cxeited about
.‘tr,l{ii(‘lh t.q.l..its over there . . . They happen every

(...',t_\’.. . . lid Reed at Miami Beach went out for
boxtng and was selected by his company to be If.»
representative In the Welterweight division , . . Reed

won the decision . li‘t'ottt Max lirattn . . . Lt. l'at
DeSanctis appreciates the Ntcws and informs saint-
of new address. A.P.()., iros Angelcs . . . Bob liaritntlll
was supposed to get otrt of bed Easter Sunday .
Will i'tiil\'.‘tlt'.~(‘i' for awhile . . littlpli ('ltirk has been
assigned to thr- station hospital at 'l‘r‘uax It'icld
2‘6 (lays in quarantine \vith scarlet fever . . . llnvtrril
gotten through the t-lirnitrations, littck llippick is trim
eligible fit" the Army specialized training critr's
' . is sure lli' ll get to be it general . . Mar-iv Hort?
melt is at (‘.rrrr;r liobinson where (icn Mai-Arthur
trained . . included itr li‘l)li's recent itinerary
MOVING OUT
f"'ll‘ iltt' trays of men must .s'ct'ei‘
:lrtd it well "till; be for It day “till it tilt/llf.
And If well may be forever . . . ‘
lr'tcltttrd More];
There won't be rrrttclr Senior sentinreiitalisin abottl
leaving college this year . . The Class of '43 retirem—
hers too well those rrortrral years, so that they aren't
leaving something they had learned to love . , . it's
it pretty sterile trtc-mor'y they're leaving now . . .
Their pity, however unsoughi for, goes to the fresh—
tnen who him: never known a normal college year
This week sees tire last of '(lii's authority on
extra-curr'ieular or'gairixatious . . . With plL‘iisUPL‘ do
We yield to ’45 a heritage with no claims on purity,
but we challenge them to do better. . . .

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 1, 1943

  

PAGE. 3

 

WAC Members
To Be Elected
By Student Body

This morning in assembly the
student body will cast ballots for
student representatives to War Ac-
tivities Council.

War Council nominated two soph-
omores and two freshmen last week
in assembly whom they considered
particularly qualified for such posi-
tions. Additional names could be
added to the list of proposed candi-
dates through a petition placed in
the Myskania mailbox.

Cooper. llines Elected

Since there were no additional
nominations for Sophomore repre-
sentative. Stmna Cooper and Ruth
Hines have been unanimously
elected to the 1943—44 War Activi-
ties Council. This lcaves balloting
this morning for two out of three
freshmen: Marie Leibl, Nancy Ran-
dcrson and Eleanor O'Brian.

War Council requests that all
students who are acting as trans-
lators to return their pamphclts to
Dr. Stokes' office with the work
that they have thus far completed.

Student Blood Donors

Georgia Hardesty. ‘44, in charge
of applications front blood donors.
announces that in War Council's last
“drive”. the following students do-
natcd blood: Mary D. Alden, Tt'eee
Ancy. Margaret Atkins, Jean Brown.
Carolyn Brumtn, Jeannette Bttyck,
Margo Byt'nc. Richard Chillcmi,
Katherine Cousins, Muriel Feldmzrn,
Ruth Fine. Rosann Hayden, Rita
Hickey. Ruth Hines, Laura Hughes.
Rosalind Kemmerer, Bertram Kiley.
Alice Kirkpatrick, Pauline chitte.
lsabcl Malloy. Shirley Mason,
Charles Reiehard, Roslyn Sloie.
Barbara Smith, Joan Smith, Dolores
'I‘eamcrson. Esther Tein, Ethelmay
Toziet'. Esther Utal, Norma Wcrny,
Shirley Wurz and Ruth Yuizlct'.

Still more blood donors are
needed. and students are urged to
sign up as so It as possible.

Moving-Up Day

(Continued from page 1, column 5)
erals. The Senior Class will then
gather outside Hawley Hall to plant
the ivy. The speaker at this cere-
mony will be Verna Snyder Deb-
hold.

The afternoon entertainment of
Moving—Up Day will feature Percy
Grainger, pianist, composer. and
conductor, who will act as guest
accompanist for the Women's
Chorus in a 40—minute program. A
Music Council presentation, the
entertainment will begin at 4 PM.
iii Page Hall. Admission is by Stit-
dent Tax. Tickets may also be pur-
chased itr the Co—op or at McClure
and Dorwtrldt‘s for 85 cents.
Rivalry Skit at Night

The evening festivities will begin
at 7:00 p. m. with the sophomore arid
freshman rivalry skits in Page Hall.
Rosanne Hayden and Walter Cum-
mings, freshmen, are ctr-directors
of their eltrss' original skit, while
Edna Marsh. WIS. is in charge of the
Sophomore presentation. To this
competition in litter—class rivalry
three points are attached.

Symbolism will again reign on
the steps in front of Draper Hall at
8:30 PM. where the classes will
participate in a final Moving—Up
ceremony. The four classes will
compete in singing trcir original
Alma Mater versions. ()I' the fresh-
man turd Sophomore classes. the one
t‘t:ilI}II'lllltiII will be awarded points
in rivalry. Then. to the tune of
the “Step Song" each of the titre:-
of the "Step Song” each of the three
under classes will take its immedi—
ate lrittltcr class place, while the
Serums leave tire gathering and
proceed down the Walk to Wc-tt-tn
A\'t-rruc.tlrrts ending the l\/lovirrg~ilp
llny ctr'crnony \vtth tlu- sytrtlrol of
..'r;rdu;rttorr

Following Ilrt‘ Hing, there will be
rfotrcttru III the ('onrttro'ts.

Dancing Follows Sing

Judges for lr'rvtih'y Skit are Dr,
Watt Stewart, l’roft-ssot' of History,
Miss Dorothy Koch, Instructor itr
English, and Dr. ('. farther Atr—
tlt'etvs. Instructor iIr Physics. Jude,-
ing the Sing will be Mr. James
(lentmcl, Instructor itr Commerce,
Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of Women,
anti Dr. Margaret lieil, instructor
ttr Chemistry.

One Down

Two To Go

 

 

 

Dave Slavin

Levin Appointed
Head of KPK

Kappa Phi Kappa, pt'ofcssi.;nal
fraternity, has recently elected new
ofliccrs to finish the current year.
They are to replace those who have
left for the armed forces. Those
elected were: President, Joseph
Levin, '43: Vice-President, Gordon
Hastings, ’43: Treasurer, William
Tucker. '44. and Secretary George
Er'bstein, '43. These ofﬁcers will
serve for the remainder of this year.

Inasmuch as the fraternity en—
rollrnertt totals only twenty names
at present and there is a great deal
of uncertainty as to how many
Junior tttcn will be returning to
College next year, it is possible that
the fraternity activities will be dis-
continued for tire duration. The
choice of several alternate plans
will be discussed iii a meeting to be
held soon.

Kappa Phi Kappa is an organiza-
iitrtt to promote the cause of educa-
tion by encouraging inert of sound
moral character and recognaed
ability to engage in the study of its
principles and problems. The fra-
ternity inducted twenty-five Junior
men last November.

Schoen Reappointed
To Alumni Quarterly

Mrs. Bertha E. Bi'immer, Execu-
tive Secretary of the Alumni Asso—
ciation. has announced the reap-
].rintmeni of Hannclor'e Seltoen, '44,
as Undergraduate Editor of the
Alutnni Quarterly. Miss Seboen
was selected last year from com—
petitive try-outs and unanimously
elected again this year.

The College Altrrntti Quarterly is
published here at the college four
times It yezzr for the benefit of the
graduates. Reporters are selected
from each class who keep ill cott-
tact with the other members of their
class and report their activities. A
section of the magazine is dcvritt-(l
to the present undergraduate hotly
iti State.

Photo Exhibit to Start Monday

Today is the deadline for entry
of snapshots and photographs for
the .sttrdcntdaeulty photographic
exhibit which will appear Monday
III the second floor corridor of
Draper.

Students are urged to lttl'lt Iii
I.t‘i|' best shots today to Miss Hutlr
lC. llutehins, Assistant Professor of
lt‘uu- Arts. The ]‘lltiitin should iti'
Irr‘rtIIrIetl on ulrrte or err-tun cord»
board or stril ptq-cr. measuring II
b_\ II in

HOLSUM

J, L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY‘S BREAD

KLEEN-MAID WHEAT
HOLSUM CRACKED WHEAT

(DELICIOUS TOASTEDI

Pictured here for the last time
are the three Seniors who managed
the policy of this year’s State Col—
lege News. David Slavin, elected
Editor ~ in - Chicf last spring, was
forced to prematurely relinquish his
duties when he was called into the
armed services in March. Flora
Garpary and Muriel Scovcll, origin-
ally Co—Managing Editors, suc-
ceeded to the positions of Co-Edi-
tors—in-Chicf. serving in these ca-
pacities through this week's issue.

State College has greatly missed
the energy and turbulent presence
of the “red-beaded dictator", who
so any filled the responsible posi—
tion he held. Next week his stic-
ccssors will also resign their duties
to members of next year's News
Board. The past year has been a
promising one for the “News gang",
and its events and its chief charac—
ters will not soon be forgotten.

 

Mitricl Scovcll

Stomp Booth Sets $400 Goal

in Second National Loon Drive

by Veronica llai'lin

You've given in) your ears, gas
and tires, you've buried your yearn-
ing for whipped cream, candy bars,
taxicabs, and men in college. Now
you cart show again how much you
want America to be run by Ameri—
cans, and without even setting foot
oiri of the Lower ball of Draper,

Yessir, the Second Nuiiotrai War
Loan Drive is on. Stamp Booth
workers have set a goal of $400 to
be reached by the students in the
next three weeks. believing that
they cart reach. and even surpass
this figure.

If each student contributes only
50 cents over a period of three
weeks. the $400 mark can easily be
reached. l’ifiy cents to make a
few mere bullets to use against the
enemy is a small stint to pay for
our contributim to victory. Scho; is.
organizations. groups, and individ—
ttals all over the nation are buying
bonds and stamps in great amounts.
the least we cart do is to loan Uncle
Sam a few hundred dollars. it Is
now tip to each and every student
to do his or her part to make this
drive a success, There will be
someone at the stamp b.:oth in
lower Draper all day. Li'le hit
that $400.

 

Formal Dinner Replaces
Traditional Senior Ball

Another precedent is being broken
this year with the discontinuation
of the traditional Senior Hall.

This affair, one of the most im-
portant annual events for Seniors,
usually concludes Commencement
Week—end. Last year it was held
at the Colonic Country Club.

However, Mildred Mattice, presi-
dent of '43. states that a formal ditt-
ner will be scheduled to take the
place of the Ball. The place and
date have not yet been decided. but
the Banquet will definitely be held
sometime between Class Night attd
graduation

The Senior Breakfast will take
place June 14, the morning of Grad—
nation. It is to be an informal af—
fair, and till Seniors are expected I i
;.tlend.

February Entrants to Meet

All rttuler'grtrtlttates who entered
er liege rtr February. that is at the
beginning of the second semester.
.‘r'i- requested to rrrcct with Miss
St rites. Dean of Worm-rt. Montltrv at
it IitI 1’ Ni. In it unit 205 This itrv
t'itltit“ lli'rill frcslrrrrcrr and lI';IIt.~-lt'l‘
stuzlrrrrh

(WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Step right up kids, its the chance
of a lifetimcwtbc citatth to spend
the rest of your lifetime in a dc—
lllOCl’HCy.

 

 

Flora Gaspary

81 Prospects Interviewed

Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean of
the College, announces that 81 pros-
pective freshmen have been person-
ally intet'viewcdat the College to
date.

The interview committee consists
of Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean, Dr.
Earl J. Dorwaldt, Instructor in Hy—
giene, and Dr. Louis C. Jones,
Assistant Professor of English.

 

W. M. WHITNEY 8: CO.

DEPARTMENT STORE
NORTH PEARL STREET, ALBANY, N. Y.

ALBANY'S SHOPPING CENTER
FOR 83 YEARS

 

 

 

 

 

“(Earl/ng om. WE'RE
0N owe owrv NOW”

  
 

“(W-r

 

   

   
   

“HHP YOURSELF, Eat—l KEEP
A FEW DOIMRS IN lit/ems
Jusr FOR ‘6‘0KE TIME’ "*0 g.

 ~ kg."

  
 
 
  
 
 

“Remember reading Ihol in your news‘
popcr? Thoi's o tool story front the
50th Pacific. When it's time Io stand
by for refreshment, that's the [Oh for
ice-cold Coco-Colo. Goes right where
IIrirsI comes from and refreshment
comes to take its place. That's wiry
nothing takes the place of ice-cold
Coco-Colo. II has (i taste and to-
ficshing qualities oil its own,”

“THANK YOU, SIR
— I’VE 607
A REAL Til/RSI”

 

 

 
 
      
   
   
       
 

BOIILED UNDUI AUIIIORIIY Of THE COCAvCOiA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA COMPANY

226 North Allen St.

Albany, N. Y.

  

