;- tam >3~py_. _. .  .

 

~v—-r-»«-» ... 

Moe it ,
DEBATABLE . . . .

Once again Debate Council is facing disintegra-
tion. Student Association has allotted $292 to the
council to carry out one year’s program, but aside
from an assembly debate, nothing tangible or con-
structive has been offered to the student body for
this year. An occassional feeble plea for try-outs
is the council’s only utterance. This is not the first
year that the council has been a dtid. For several
years the group has offered very little in compari-
son to the amount of money appropriated for it in
the budget. Instead of being one of the ntajor
activities of the College, Debate Council ltas been
more of a farce. Instead of being an integral part
of student activities, one which interests each stu-
dent though he may not take an active part in it,
the Council ltas been exclusively for a few people.
Perhaps the reason for the small circle of active
participants lies with an apathetic student body.
Bttt if a group cannot arouse an interest, it is ttot
justified lll spending the stttdents' money.

There are innumerable opportttnities for the
Council to become an alive organization, one which
will serve the entire student body. lf these oppor-
tttnities were utilized, there would be ito shortage of
participants nor would there be any question to
whether $292 or even ntore should be appropriated
for the council. Actually, tlte war and transporta—
tion difficulties are no excuse for the cttt ill the
number of debates. State is in the center of a
college area. It should be possible to arrange debates
with the College of St. Rose, Union, Rl’l. Siena,
Hamilton aitd Skidmore. lf hockey teams can
come to State, stirely a debate squad should be able
to travel. The war offers more opportunities for
really worth-while discussions about war and post-
war problems. ln addition to this, the Debate
Council could be one of the college's most valuable
publicity agents. Most of this could be accom-
plished this year if the present council organized
itself more compactly attd began a thorough ptib~
licity campaign. Debates with other colleges could
be held here and with adequate publicity, the stu-
dent body would show as mttch interest in this as in
any other major activity. Such activities should
also entice a larger number of try-outs for the
squad and council.

However, Debate Council's achievements to date
have been so meager, that it would be unwise for
the student body to risk wasting any more of its
money on a pointless program. Perhaps, even with
adequate publicity, there would still be insufficient
interest in debate activities. If such a thing hap-
pens, it would be a direct indication that the student
body did not consider the council worthy of an
allotment. Even now, the council is being reorgan-
ized since its former head has resigned. Perhaps
under new leadership the council will rise to its
proper place among student activities. Ait inten-
sified membership drive is contemplated iit addition
to several home debates. This and more was
promised lll previous years, and still debate activ-
ities were unsatisfactory. Unless the issue is forced
now while there is a chance for reorganization,
debate will continue to slide frottt its major position
attd still grasp for Student Association funds. lioth
the students aitd the council must be forced to de-
cide the issue. Shall State (‘ollcge have a lit-bate
Council? To decide without givittg the council a
chance to redeem itself would be decidedly unfair.
l'lowever, since the Student Association is ttot a
philantltropic group, the council must be forced to
present justification for its bttdgei allotment.

The most plausible soltttiott would be a freezing
of debate funds until the council presents a program
which will benefit the eittire sttidettt body, one
wlticlt will attract student interest attd publicize
State ('ollege. When the council offers a complete
program for the retnainder of the year. the program
could be brought before the sltident body attd
voted upon. If the program failed to be approved,
liebate ('oimcil would be without fttttds. 'l‘lterefore,
when their plans were approved the cottflt'll would
have as ttttich money as needed plus the knowledge
that the students were fit favor of their program. If
then debate activities failed. the blame would be
the students.‘

(‘AMl’lH (‘fltll’l‘lltA'l‘lON . . ..

This morning the student body will be asked to
consider what will amount to a complete revision
of ('ampus ('oinntission. With the return of the
coke ntatltiite, the new Marshal Squad will have
even more responsibility than the present (‘anipus
('oinmission. 'l‘ltt-ir tasks will be numerous.

The ideal setup for the Marshal Squad Would lll-
volve only an outlining of tlte rtiles students are
expected to observe with regard to the care of the
school. Unfortunately, ittore than mere outlining
is required. ICn/orremmzl is the major probleitt.
The task could be so much tnore efficiently accom-
plished with only a little cooperation. it is possible.

. 9mm” 1-4” t" '

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1943

Communications—

To the President of the Sophomore
Class.
Dear Bob:

Myskania would like to answer
your letter of November 12 because
we feel that although your letter is
justified in part. there are some
things you misunderstood about our
announcement. Perhaps we were
at fault for not explaining it more
clearly but you see, Bob, we are re-
sponsible to the administration for
rivalry and the way in which it is
condttcted. We were and are lnent
on keeping rivalry in the saute swell
spirit with which it started this
Fall. Having seen Mr. Francello
with his pompadour pushed to the
rear, and having heard on good
authority what; both. freshmen and
sophomores had planned for the
sing. we felt that we had to impress
on both classes the scriottsnes of
the situation, consequently. the
announcement.

Rivalry, if it were to stay in col-
lege, cotildit't contiittte iii that spir-
it. We didn't want anyone to get
hurt. To resort to the old cliche
there was no point in “bolting the
barn after the horse had galloped
away." or “a stitch in time . . ."

As for the trip to the balcony, we
seniors remember that in otir
freshman year, Myskanla led the
upperclassmen in a snake dance
through the auditorium and tip-
stairs. We thought it was ftin then
and hoped it would be this time.

Myskania is not prejudiced
against your class, Bob. We are
human. We never realized as ftilly
as we do now that we being watch-
ed every minute and that we were
picked up on everything we said.
Some of us may have said, “We
hope the frosh win." but if we did
it was said only in encouragement
to the green class. It is one of our
duties as stated in the Constitution
to organize the freshmen and work
with them. We may have given

them encouragement but we assure
you, Bob, that’s all.

In everything we’ve done this
year we have tried to work for the
whole student body and make State
the best college ever.

Sincerely,
Myskania.

To the Editor:

Inasmuch as the class of ’46 was
not successful in winning rivalry in
their freshman year, they are nat-
urally desirous. at this last oppor-
ttinlty. of defeating the class of '47.
Becattse of this, it is possible that
they might attribute any successes
of their adversaries to ulterior
causes. Perhaps in this way they
conceived the belief that Myskania
noticed only their misdeeds.

The class of '47 has wandered
from the reasonable limits of rival-
ry. It is my most earnest desire
that. all class competition be carried
on lit a sportsman—like and good-
natttred manner. If carried on cor-
rectly. rivalry can greatly stimtilate
school spirit. Therefore, I am ask-
ing the overly-entltttsiastic members
of' the freshman class to hold their
activities within the recognized
standards set by Myskanla.

This year. as in the past, rivalry
will be won by the more efficient
attd more capable class. We of“ ‘47
are cottfidcnt in otir capability. We
will trittinph.

Sincerely,
Joseph Fraitcello, ‘47.
To the Editor:

What I would like to know is . . .
why hasn't the downstairs library
door been unlocked before this?
The cold. frigid, wintery blasts have
been thwarting the hottest desires
rushing. All this thanks to the min—
ute walk froin heated t'oom to heat-
ed library.

Shall this state of incompetency
be tolerated longer? Arise, Stooges.
and revolt!

Pneumonia-ridden Senior.

 

WW

 

There are several things to take
tip this week. Less vitriolic than
usual, to be sure, btit we'll dive into
them. First, some compliments to
that one—third of college that
(loos engage in War Activities.
Specifically, those members of the
Senior Class that tnade the musical
eotnetly the great success it was.
After the performattce. they present-
ed the with an orchid. btit I wasn’t
tlte one who deserved it. ’l‘reee
Aney, l’at Latimer. and Fred Shoe—
maker deserved it, foi' coming to
rehearsals without a murmur,
though they‘re tlte bttsiest people
lil school. Reg llttntmond, llerb
Brock, .lo“.t. . tly. and Jun f‘larke
desei'Ved it l)( .. - they’d . ret‘
appeared o . ’l‘ - St‘ Le "ollege stage
before biit tltey llli'.'. lil jolts that.
equalled any Al) star's. Veterans
all. they were. And to all tlte mem—
bers of' last year's Ali class who
helped me out on props and lights
and otlter details, like llampel tpar-
doit, Mrs. Kramerit and Vee Will—
ard. Sinyllte. attd Brttenig who took
one of the leads a male lead, at
that to all of them I hand over nty
oreltid. Yes, maybe only otte~tltird
oi' the school finds time for War
Activities. bill that one-third finds
the titne Willi a vengeance!

'l'lieti. there's another little nint-
ler. l wunt to thank all the boys
in the Services who‘ve sent itte
soni' bon inots tilt the subject of
the way I've been writing this
column. ’l'o ’l'akas, who did a job
on his column that no one will ever
equal, to Hutch. to Sid Weinman,
to ltity Verrey tny thanks, I'll try
to write yoit all. And to those boys
[ dott'l. know who've written me,
l'in sorry btit my mother brought
me tip ItH‘I‘I‘ to write to strange
men! Apologies, Corporal .iohn
Connor, whoever you are. bttt you'll
just have to languish iti'uinswered.
And to Allan Woodell, an ancient
Athenian curse on your head! You

 

by RHONA RYAN—_———

know darn well I nerer wrote. you
commanding you to write the NEWS
that my column was the best fit the
paper, and shottld have ntore space.
The editorial staff. after getting
your note. won't believe me when I
say it's just your perverted sense
of httmor, and things have been very
embarrassing for me. Stinker.

’l‘hirdly, I want to refute those
rumors floating around seltool that
I spend my spare time kicking
puppies, attd tripping old ladies
down flights of stairs. l may get
angry at people like litn'tott K.
Wlteeler and incensed when we
don't have ftill registration for War
Activities. btit otherwise l'm it
peaceable soul, with a tettder lrish
l- trt. These stories about how l
.it over my typewriter. chuckling
lil evil glee. nitd saying. "Whom shall
i light ittto this week?" are cont—
pletely untrue. llonest.

And now to rettirti to my usual
seriousness fit this column faint
week l tnentiotted that l should
apologize to the starving children
of Greece. \\'ell, ito\v l llll\’t' nty
t'lltiflt‘t'. And those of you who don't
have an hour or two to spare for
War Activities. can at |ea.t drag
your old clothes in school for llte
cause of (it'eek th1' Relief l should—
11‘! have to go into detail about

{300 people starving to death re-
cently lll Alltens lit one day.
You till l(ito\\' llttli You also

know that it. won't take any little
to f'errtt otti some of your old
clothes and bring them down to
school here when the drive starts.
'l‘ltis is it t‘llllllt't‘ to redeem some-
what the record we've made this
year, its it whole, in War Activities.
ltlveryone can repay in some mea-
sure ottr eternal debt to (lreeee.

(flitssiettl Club has started the
drive, and to lllt'ili go ttty best.
wishes, and l'ttt sure the drive will
be it great success. After all, it.
few old clothes are a pitifully small
payniettt t'or l’lttto arid Socrates and
Homer and the 'I‘rngediitttsi

 

(76790“

at

Q]

by KIPPY MARSH

This is the story of Joint Doe. our boy John. He
inherited the title Johnny Doughboy from his father
who lost a leg in the Argonne. Johnny used to sit
on his father’s knee when he was a kid and listen
carefully with his big solemn eyes watching every
mtiscie on his father's face. "We fought for yott, son,"
his Dad would say. "The war to end all wars; we
fought to make the world safe for democracy. We
fought for decency and httman rights. It's tip to you
now son, to you and the rest of thcnt.

When Johnny comes inureltiny home (lg/(tin, linrroh.’

Johnny grew tip like any other boy, fluttked history,
wrecked his father‘s car. sprained his ankle in foot-
ball. was elected representative to tlte Council for Crea-
tion of Better Citizenship. aitd won a cottple of basket-
ball gantes for good old Podttnk Higlt. Then he went to
college. He didn't go beeatise that was the thing
you did when you were graduated frotn high scltool.
because his father had been pretty important on some
campus. His father had never even seen the inside
of a college building and he and Johnny's mother
sacrificed everything so that their boy would have it
chance.

  

 

 

When Johnny ('onit's marchiin home again, hio't‘rth.’

Johnny was a Sophomore iit college on December
7, fit-ti. He was a little bewildered by the ttirit of
events. His Social Studies prof, who was considered
a crackpot, had predicted Pearl Harbor. Johnny had
been as bored as the rest. Bttt now it. was December,
1941 and Johnny's life was uncertain.

Johnny went with the ERC's in February of his
Junior year. The whole foctis of his life had changed.
Classes seemed pretty foolish when you were living
from moment to moment. It was tnore important to
store tip memories against a future oasis. “Me and
Mehitabel," thought Johnny as he looked ottt of the
train window.

When Johnny ermtes marching home again. hurrah!

Johnny was quite a boy and he could take it. It
was pretty bad the first couple of months btit it wasn’t
long before he got right into the swing of it and began
to live again. The dominant thought in his mind was
~~my furlough. Oh boyln-a chalice to get back anti
see the kidsrrrjust like it was before bet they‘ll be
glad to see me. One day they handed him his fur—
iough papers and he took the next train home.

When Johnny ermtes marching home again, hurrah .’

He was back. Same old college, same old kids. He
was happy. Then one morning he woke up and
it was there. He, couldn‘t quite put his finger
on it bttt it was there ~— a feeling that some-
thing was wrong. Hc pttt on his uniform and went
back to the college. He wandered around the familiar
halls. Posters for Greek War Relief, sign up for War
Activities. buy War Stamps, make the soldiers happy

write a letter. A btittch of girls talking I sit at the
Stamp Booth twice a week. I'm on the Committee for
Greek War Relief, my gosh I'm going nuts. I wish
this war were over. Aitd when it is——oh boy. Yeah.
Johnny thought bitterly, Oh boy.

When Johnny comes ntorehiny hotne ayuin, hnrroh/

Johnny's back in eitmp. He eottld hardly wait to get
on the train. The wheels kept time to his thoughts.
It's all so simple .lohnity. my boy. You get the war
over with for the folks back home aitd then just
pick tip where you left off. Then your girl wott'l
ltave to pay $10 fora cheap dress or spend two ltotirs
at the Stamp Booth. Yeah, that's it, .lolttttty. my boy.
.ltist get the war over witlt.

:llll/ Johnny r'ttntr more/tiny hono oyoin, hto'l‘oh.’

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of1918

 

Novelitltt't‘ Ill, Iiivlil No It!
'1' in tt-tlto'or
:i.ll>' l'it -- l'u.li,_‘t;|1- [i j.
in |Illtlll'_'|'i‘lllllt n: \\-ptpt r --t ‘ltt \ew \nil S'i't
(ott- or it tctoi- publt loll -\t|\ i‘ri-fij t-I tbt In
t-.u in II' lt\ llii' .\lI\\.\‘ floor-l Iril lllt Student .\ r I
totn I'bont- Ilfftt'c, .t ililTil ll.t.\t- l' ' ml», HI: ll‘,JI'l ‘~ J'W’l

l‘itl.t' ‘_’ IT

llIl'l'fﬂf‘LN'Ll) l‘l)” HAIIK)NAL AUVILHIIUITHI UV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
(TI/(rye I'Iz/I/I'i/Ieri Rcln'eirnlnlli e

420 MADISON Ave. New YOHK, N. Y.
lllll Mot) ' llUblOll - L05 Atlanta ' 51AM lllAlltl.L(t

The News Board
MANY Ll STLNGEL
JANLT K UAXTER
JANE l’lCKhlir
LILLlAN GROSS
BEl'ilH/XM KILEY
SUNNA COOPEH
JANE HEATH
DOROTHY MEYERS

 

llllltllt tit t till 1"

iii |ll||tIH IN Hill!
I)U‘7lHl on. MAN/tut it
(,lltLtll :ttttiti MAN/H.th
Hi’ttlil‘: I.l)ll(lli
AEi‘MH IAii IIJIIIIH
[\S‘Hlt |/\ll. IDIIIHT
Ahbtii‘lAll. ll)ll(.)|f

unfit... :4

.\ll t'ttiitltiiilllt'tilliilis should be addressed to the editor ttltd
ionst be signed. Names will be withheld tipoii request.
"flue S'lﬂl'l'l'l f'lililtl'ltild NEWS assumes no i'onpoitsiblllly
for opinions i'kjtl‘t'hni‘ll in its columns or continuitications
as such expressions tlo itot necessarily reflect ts view.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER

19, 1943

PAGE 3

 

 

Bert Kiley

We feel discriminated against. Two
weeks ago. in the tltroes of those dif-
ficulties known only to AD directors.
we asked for permission to use some
room in Sayles Hall l'or a much
needed play rehearsal. Despite the
presence of a Sayles resident ill the
cast. the request was refused on the
grounds that a play was ttot Sayles
Hall business. The new policy con-
cerning the use of' the Doi'm's rooms
was that. they were to be used ex-
clusively for Dorm business and the
activities of flte resident board-
payers.

We do not wislt to criticize this
policy. though we do ltave it vague
recollection of a Brubaclter Memor-
ial Lounge fttttd a few years back;
said lounge to be for student activi-
ties.

We merely wish to inquire if the
SCA general meeting attd vie party
last Friday in the lnglc Room aitd
the WAA badtttitttoit ill the Sayies
gym are consistent with tlte att—
nounecd policy?

Vie Committee li‘lubs llub

While still ill a questioning tttood
we should like to know what's wrong
with the Vic Commitee‘? The vie
in the Commons is supposed to be
played by the members of tlte coin-
mittee; the ideal system being that
each member ltave a definite day
to mind the turn-table. if the pet'-
school is s:attercd over the various
group houses. aitd the platter maes-
tt'os are pttblic spirited little things.
they will bring over a few records
on their day to condttct and tints
give a litle sorely-needed variety to
the daily recitals.

If one person were to rtin the
thing. the ltalf hour cottld be divid—
ed fairly cvenly twixt swing and
schmaltz instead of the predomi-
nately jive sessions the jitterbugs
offer us. After all. we mttst consider
the romantic as well as the ener-
getic temperaments,

The above system has worked very
well iii the past with an all—male
cast~is the femittinc mind incapable
of such relentless logic?

Football Over

The IM football league has rolled
up its yard markers. deflated the
balls and called it a season.

The league wasn't too good this
year. Men were scarce and talent
even scarcer. The Services clipped
some of the key then just as things
were getting started. Labs. jobs and
committing troubles, made it dif'fiettlt
to get. all tlte lads assembled betWeen
the sidelines of a ‘two ltattds on
the rear” session.

Nevertheless, a number of the
ittot'e virile eletnent had :1 lot of
fitit kicking the (inyligitts otti of'
each tilllt'l' and trying to catch llam—
inottd.

So far as the outcome of the loop
is concerned. tlte liatttblers won.
being undefeated ’f'ite is‘lteiks caute
lll last, having failed to crash the
victory column. The l“ltlt‘olts always
Wolf l't'oni lite Siteiks and always
lost to the Ramblers. which puts
lllt'lll right smack lit the tttiddle of
tlte trio.

 

 

Scramblers Defeat Sirens
In Women’s Football Game

WAA pa:

Winter Program

With the fall season rapidly draw-
ing to II close. WAA has announced
its winter sports program.

The new schedttle will go iitto
effect immediately after Thanks-
giving vacation.

Basketball will take place three
nights a week, with one night being
reserved for league games which will
be played between the group ltottscs
attd other organizations. Those lit-
terested must participate for ten
ltottrs in order to obtain WAA credit.

This year the usual swimming
classes will be held at the YWCA
pool on Tuesday and Thursday eve-
nings. Courses lli swimming and
life-saving will be offered for begin-
ners. There will also be an oppor—
tunity for those who took the course
in life-saving last year to go on with
the advanced course. Life—saving
badges wil be given to all those who
pass the necessary tests at the end
of the course. Dot Townsend. Nat
Bullock and Ginny Milne will super-
vise the program.
liivalry Swimming

if enough people are interested,
swimming will be introdticled as
a Rivalry sport this year. Points
will be given for speed and endur—
ance races. Those interested should
contact Dot Townsend.

Bowling will be another important
phase of the winter program and
will be held at Rice's alleys. Atty—
one wishing to obtain WAA credit
for bowling ntttst bowl 12 games. A
refttnd ot' 60 cents will be given on
these games.

Badminton will continue to be
played in the Sayles Hall gymnasium
one night a week.

Ping-pong tournaments are sched—
uled to start after vacation attd
contests will be held in both the
singles and dottbles. In order to
receive credit for ping-pong. three
supervised and seven unsupervised
hottrs are reqttired.

It“ the results of the Fall season
are any criterion, WAA feels it can
safely predict a successful program
ahead. Everyone is ttrged to parti-
cipate lit at. least one supervised
sport and obtain WAA credit.

Fem Elevens Play Sunday

The female sex will once again
take over the gridiron when the
Sayles Hall Sirens struggle against
the intnatcs of Pierce Hall, Sttitday
afternoon.

The Psi Gains ltave just fot'tned a
team attd ltave challenged the Clti
Sig Scrainblei's to a game. This will
most likely be played after the
'l‘ltanksgiving recess. if the weather
permits.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario of Benson Sl.

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY 3‘ 00.

liepariitieitt Store

North Pearl Street, Albany. .\'. Y.
.\l.li.\N\"H Hllfil’l’thi ('I‘IN’l‘ldlt Milt Nit YEARS

 

 

 

GLUHL.L D. JI;t)NLv. Pitui'

BOULEVARD

1987;200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

DlAL5 1913

GAFETERIA

Try Our liiisinessnian's litutclt

60c

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Chi Sigs Score Twice
During LaitﬂQuarters

Iii a game played last Thursday
afternoon on the Dorm field, the
Chi Sig Scramblers defeated the
Sayles Hall Sirens. 12-0. in State's
first women's football game. The
Sirens were heavy favorites to win
but Garfall thretv a monkey
wrench iitto these predictions by
twice going the length of the field to
score for the Scramblers.

The game started with Rita Daly
kicking i'or the Sirens. Domaim re—
covered the ball for the Scramblers
on their own ten yard line and was
brought dotvn on about the 20 yard
line by Serabian and Clark. The
Scramblcrs. in possession of the ball
moved rapidly down the field by a
series of fake reverse plays which
took the opposing team uitawares.
’l‘he Sirens settled down as the
Scramblers ttpproaclted scoring terri-
toi'y. however. :titd successfully stop-
ped their advance.

Sirens March

Witlt Hose Brock receiving the
ball ft'oitt fullback ()sttif Serabiatt
and racing arotiitd lter own right
end, the Sirens marched back tip
the field. But the Scramblers
stopped the Sirens short of the goal
litte. Brock threatened several
times.

For the rest of the half the game
continued in the same see-saw fash—
ion with eaeli side marching
ittto enemy territory and then being
stopped by strong defensive playing.
The lack of scoring can be contri—
buted partly to the iitexperiettce of
the players, defensive action scent-
ing to cottte more natttral titan the
more complicated offensive tactics.
Another factor was the use of the
five-downs-for-a tottchdown system
rather than the first down system,
which tended to slow the action and
place too much stress on long gain
plays.

Garfall Goes Over

The second half saw all the scor-
ing of the game. Early in the third
quarter. Garfall recovered a futnbled
Sit'cn pass on her own twenty yard
line and streaked the length of the
field for the Scrambler's first goal.
The Scratnblers attempted a pass
front Dotnaim to Garfall for the
point after touchdown btit were
foiled by Daly and Seymottr.

The fourth quarter began with the
score still 6-0. The Sirens were on
the offense. when a pass intended
for Daly was ticked by Dotnaittt and
landed lll Garf‘all's arnts. She start-
ed down the field with Daly making
a futile attetttpt to overtake the
fleet Garfall. Once again the Si-
rens blocked the try for extra point.

 

Muscular Strap-Hangers
Sought For Fem Mayhemme

Come on. Commuters and add a
little spice to the winter leagues!
Why not challenge “Serablan's
Sirens" to a football game? Sure-
ly. there must be at least 11
hardy constitutions in your thriv-
ing midst that could withstand
the wintry blasts and overpower-
ing onslaughts.

Tote that ball: lift that paddle
—get a little spirit and you’ll land
on top. You've lots of obstacles,
bttt with just a little effort and
interest something unusual should
be able to be worked up.

Here’s your chance to make a
name for Cominutet"s Cltib, per-
ltaps to win a cup. Even if you’re
not the victors. participation in
these team competitions would go
far towards fostering cooperation
and making new friends.

 

 

 

MAA Stages
Table Tourneys

MAA has attottttced that it will
sponsor a pool tournament beginning
after lite 'l'ltatiksglving recess. Notice
has been giVen this far iit advance
to allow the would-be pool sharks
among the remaining males to
sharpen tip their cue work attd eyes.

The matches will be field at Sayles
Hall Annex. MAA ltas rented the
table there especially t'ot' this pur-
pose.

Thcre are certain recognized favor—
ites among those who pursue the
eight-ball. Those generally con-
sidered to be tops are Bob Sullivan.
Art Kaufman and George 
However, these are merely those who
are well known; it being entirely
possible that sotne unknown may
sweep to the front.
l'ing-l‘ong Tournaments

Another tournament will begin
after the Thanksgiving recess. This
will be a table-tennis contest spon-
sored jointly by the MAA and the
WAA.

Any member of the Student Asso—
ciation will be eligible for matches,
which will be staged on the table in
the Commons. Unlike the billiards.
the ping—pong tournament will be
open to women as well as to men.

It will be divided into three flights.
These will be the men's singles, the
women's singles, and the dottbles.
This latter division will be open to
teams composed of any of the three
combinations possible.

Plans will be announced later when
the joint councils are more certain
of the number of' people who wish
to participate. Then the matches
will be decided attd a system worked
ottt f'or completing it.

All those interested are urged to
sign tip on IM btilletitt board.

5m

Margo Byrne

So, here we are finishing up the
season again. As we look back, it
appears very similar to previous
atttttmn seasons, with the spectacu-
lar exception of the women's intra-
mural football league.

The league seems to be progressing
healthily. as befits a new-born, spon-
taneously combusted organization.

From our observations of the con-
dition of the members of the teams
on the day following the game, how—
ever. the physical frailfties of the
players would indicate an tincertaln
future.

We sincerely hope that the Sirens
and the Scramblers have not found
the painful after-effects too dis—
couraging to permit further pro-
gress lll league competition.

The least they might have done,
we feel. was inhibit their expres-
ions of torture. Those. yelps of pain
as they negotiated the stairs and
at the end of classes when stiffened
limbs were straightened out; were
exceedingly bad propaganda.

It is art encouraging sign that
Psi Gamma was not swayed by the
moans of the league pioneers into
giving tip plans for a team summar-
ilv.

By way of encouragement let us
remind the stiffened ones that the
effects are purely temporary, a mere
matter of (lays. After the second
game you will probably feel nary a
twinge.

Anyway, otir aim is a team from
every group house. We frankly don't
expect to fulfill it. But. if it is any
inducement. we promise to report
the games in as tactful a manner
as is possible, eschewing such
phrases as. for instance. “Mazie
Glub. 150 lb. fttllback."

Such unaccustomed mass partici-
pation in the field of physical exer-
cise deserves to be handled with
infinite tact.

80 Yard Dash Today

MAA has announced that the
postponed field day will be held this
afternoon in front of Page Hall.

The feature attraction of the
afternoon will be an 80-yard dash.
The favorite will be Hammond.
speedy tailback of the champion
Ramblers. Other contestants will
be F‘ancher. Kiley, Tabner, Bininati,
and Potilos.

Another major event of the after-
noon will be the distanee passing.
Favored of win this is McCarthy,
stellar linesman of the Ramblers.

Faneher is the favorite to win the
accuracy throw which will also take
place today. There will also be a.
place kicking event.

 

 

 

«Milli;
/  
 v

       

' ' \ t i /' lv’i;I :1.
4‘ ' .\‘ W l - 

 

\\

. . . a way to my “We are friends” to the Chinese
(Iliinii knew Coca-(Quit: before the war. Where Coca-Cola is on hand
today. to Chinese and Yank alike, Ilium u “Cb/w" are welcome
words. Around the globe (Luca-(Lola stands for the [muse (In! re-
jrei/Jeip—ltas become a symbol of good will.

BOITLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMFANY 8T

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING COMPANY

Have a “Coke”: Good winds have blown you here

\ Til“

/ \‘.

.7 . ti.

  
 
 

 

  fir/ti.
:l/ b
” v l t

.
4/ //

. / \

  
  
 

  
    

 
   
 

 

\mn “mi
» v-ute‘ 11M
": t.th . “

“Coke” = Coca-Cola
It‘s natural for po mlui lllllllt-‘l
m inquire friendly abbrevia-
llullb. :l'liut'e wli you hear

Coca-(Julio culled Y‘anc”.

.—____Ol943 The C-C CC-

»mwmn‘v "‘W‘mﬁ!wvwwmnr:

 

 

 

