245»

,_
i

y

 

"A... mmeIWu-“n ,._,

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9l6
by the Class of l9l8

Friday, March 19, 1943 No. 21

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Diem

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: omce. 6-9373; Slavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

    

Vol. XXVII

 

IIFIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRT’IIINC IV

tiaitonalAtlveritslngSemce,lnc.
Cullen Pub/lam Raprauniailw

420 MADIOON AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CRICAGO - EDITOR I L0. Alﬂllll - UAR 'IARCIICO

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY j
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - -
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD sKoLsKY . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
- - (IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER

 

 

ISSUE EDITOR
JANET BAXTER

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

Dawn, 1943

The ERC is going. The draft and tire other
reserves are taking their toll. State College is
striving for a satisfactory enrollment next year.
Seniors are asking themselves “Should I take a
job? What abottt a Iifilr year?" ()thcrs specu—
late abottt Russia, abottt rrtarriagc ill war-time.
Some draw blueprints oi a future in a \\'t)t'Itl
that may never come.

 

It is an aimless existence that we, tlte yotttlr
of today, are Icadirrg. We are the getteratiott
that never Itad a chance; uncertainty is ottr itt—
alienable heritage. Everywhere advice assaults
tts, advice we cannot possibly take in full or itr
part. Already the even pattern of college life
that those before tts knew is a myth. We have
lost the ability to enjoy life, satrilit:ed the power
to take what we wartt front it.

()H YES? Wake up, young Anterior—this is
“no titrte for comedy.” For too long a period
now Itavc we deluded ourselves ittto the above
state of mind. Perhaps we have been rather utt-
I'ortunatc—so has Germany. Must we then irr-
vent a Treaty of Versailles on which to pirt our
injuries? 'l‘here is but one answer that we, as
students of democracy, tart make. 'l'hat answer
is NO.

\\'e have deftrrite (,Iroites to make, delirrite
plates to assume, just as fully as any yottrrg
people of any other age. We Irate to wade
through an mean of ill-aimed adtite, we lIilH‘
to deride whether ottr rrtaitt tlttty lies itt the
present or irt tlte Illlill't‘. ’I'Irett we IiiIH‘ to do
something about the detisiotrs we I‘i'litll.

Let's not immediately jtttrrp to the totrtlttsion
that our plate as teathcr's itr the pcatc Is the
major (trilit‘l'li of ottr lives. Perhaps the l'uited
Nations will Ittttl that experiente has been the
best teatlter lot” the totalitarian states, attd that
outsiders will be bitterly it'si‘illt‘tl by the (till’
tjttered tountries. Where tltett are ottt loudly
laid plans for l‘tililillllli tatecrsi What part then
does Destiny play}

'lalxc time ottt breathe. young .\Iil('ll(ii.
(.Iarify the issue before yott. ‘Ilrett, pr'oteetl,
Ior nothing will be able to stop you Irorrr at
raining the goal yin clett. You are still and
always will be yourself, your IIl'II'\I(llI\ do atrd
always will make your own lllllll‘t‘. Your (Ililllit‘
is as good as the next person's. \ottr thantc is
better than that aIIorded to anyone before yott,
fora thalletrgt'has been thrown to yort iii a time
when yott are best qualified and best able to
meet it.

l)<-trrott'aty is behind yort. lletuotr‘aty has not
faich yet. Ileurotraty will not fail now, unless
we forget that we are its It)I'(lil)l‘2ii(‘is. .'\titl
their, young Amt-ma, and then?

r
u

War Fronts by Ryan

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY MARCH 19, 1943 .

Free Frenchmen Revolt In Savoy;
Giraud Repudiates Petain Rule

The startling development of this
week of war was the guerrilla war-
fare begun in the Savoy province of
France. Under the leadership of
the old general Cartier, free French-
men began to challenge Nazi dom-
ination. And in this Alpine pro-
vince, with its high peaks, rushing
streams, and sudden avalanches it
looks as if the rebellion can hold
out for quite a time. It is reported
that Allied planes are dropping
arms and food by parachute. And
the American, sitting by his radio,
felt humble in the realization that
half~starved Frenchmen knew per—
haps more certainly than Ire that
“freedom is a hard—bought thing.”

In Burma the Japanese suddenly
launched a new offensive. British
admitted that they had to readjust
their lines as a result of the at-
tacks, but reported their infantry is
being supported by the R. A. E,
which was bombing Japanese posi-
tions.

In North Africa Giraud pulled off
one of the smoothest diplomatic
moves of this war by repudiating
the Petain government. This left
his pro-fascist supporters with the
choice of resigning or changing
their political views. Rigaud and
Bergeret resigned. It looks from

here as if the ticklish situation in
North Africa between democratic
and pro-fascist forces has been
cleared up by one swift move.

The Russians continued their
epic advance toward Smolensk, and
reported the capture of several vil-
lages along the way. In the Khar-
kov area the situation continued
without a noticeable change, where
Russian troops are staging their
titanic defense against the German
motorized forces. (It seems titanic
and epic are the only words to use
when talking about the Russian
front.)

At home, interest in post—war
plans was aroused by the Eden
visit. Eden is believed to be stress—
ing the Anglo-Soviet post-war tie,
since Britain is evidently planning
to abide by the spirit and the letter
of her twenty-year treaty with the
Soviet government.

And in Congress, Senator Ball
introduced a resolution calling for
a United Nations organization to
consider deﬁnite post-war plans.
Connally, Chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee, pointed out
that this lacked approval of the
White House or of Hull, and warned
of letting debate on post-war policy
interfere with the present war,

 

Ihe Parting Shot

by Ellen Swariout

 

Advanced Dramatics rang down
the ﬁnal curtain on student-directed
plays Tuesday, March 16, with the
presentations of Mary Studebaker
and Rhona Ryan, Juniors.

Miss Stttdcbakcr's play, a tnurder
drama, was well cast with Hal Ash—
Worth and Ruth Schmitt sharing the
center of the stage.

Even though the set lacked depth
and appeared over—crowded, the
stage pictures were carefully
planned and balance was main—
tained throughout the entire per-
formancc.

The fundamental weakness, how—
ever, lay in tire failure of the cast
to sustain good voice projection.
There was a definite need both for
increased volume and tempo for a
truly excellent production.

Miss Studebaker skilfully utilized
the slow movement of the rocking
chair and the steady tick of the
clock to create an uncomfortable,
quiet, mysterious mood. But the
play failed to build toward the
strong, dramatic climax intended.

Miss Ryan's offering for the overt—
ing was decidedly the better pro—
duction. This director had fewer
technical problems as far as set and
properties are concerned than did
her partner, Miss Studebaker. But
this in itself created diflicultics of
an entirely different

OId Gripes, OId

Dear Editor:

For two years I've been wading
through the gripes trnd groucth of
every abnormal eccentric in the
college and so I finally say to my-
self, "Nobody's more abnormal or
eccentric than rue, so I guess I'll
write a letter" to the editor too."
I've been saving tny gripes for two
years and I got a lot on my ntind.

First off, every iirrtc I go to As-
sembly, I get caught lit a frame jam
outside the auditorium that's got
New York City beat fifty ways
When I finally push, crawl, or get
thrown to the door, I find ottt that
the cause of all this is twu people
who are eollar'ing everybody to give
tltertr a "Soapbox". Now this isn't
nothing personal against "Soapbox"

fact is, I'm kind of partial to it
myself. Ilut I'm against rnobsri-iarrd
anybody who says there isn't a ittob
outside of Assemth just don't have
all their bttttotts. Why can’t they
put it iii the rotunda like the Ntcws
Are they afraid nobody'll rend it?

Second thing I'd like to kttow is

what happened to the Annex
sandwich? I got all excitcdwtold
my landlady she Wouldn't have to
put up my lunch anymore We was
going to have deccrtt lunches at
school, and what happens? Nothing,
What happened to the Committee -
and most important, Iltc sandwich?

nature by f

 

shifting the emphasis to characteri-
zation.

Bcrt Kiley, as narrator, made an
easy, nonchalant entrance to help
prepare the audience for the “new
trend in drama." The curtain
opened on an empty stage enclosed
by dimly-lighted drapes. Expert
lighting, which so effectively created
the ethereal, other-world atmos-
phere, was a contributing factor to
the fine, polished production.

The entire cast is to be corn-
rncnded for proving that unity of
effect can overshadow individual
performance and leave a single im-
pression of good workmanship. It
would be unfair, however, to omit
special mention of Trece Ancy, who
portrayed a tremendously difficult
role which demonstrated her line
dramatic ability. Vera Willard's
pantominc, too, deserves comment
in that it epitomized the difliculty
of acting without tangible proper-
ties.

This State College Play season
could not have ended more success—
fully nor with nicer memories. As a
parting note, thanks to the student-
dircctors who made Tuesday night
plays worth seeing. It would be
fatal not to mention the contribu-
tion of George Edick, the star of
the intermission entertainment of
the final show.

Glory——

And one more thing r—the lower
hall of Draper was all fixed up nice
at the beginning of the year. Why
does the whole fhittg have to be
spoiled by some dirty old unpainted
lockers? We're never going to inr—
press nobody that way.

Well I guess I had my say
think of nothin' more.

Can't

Me Tim.
at it rt:
Ilcar Editor:

()nce, about a century and a half
ago, there lived a gentleman with
perseverance There was a war
going on; he was irt it A good bit
of titrre he spent irr trying circum-
stances, bravely, \N’tilL‘Ill‘Ully' and
hungrily. The gentleman of pet'-
s‘eVer'unec ended up with tr song.

Now, another war; again we're iii
it. Perhaps we can call assembly
u trying circumstance and boast
we're brave, watchful (for Noon)
and hungry. We ettd up with a
song too, just like the gentleman;
itr fact it's his song. Iiut the groans
and grutnblcs immediately preced—
ittg the song reveal a decided differ—
cttec from fire gentleman with pet'—
severance.

Can’t We, at least under the guise
of patriotism, sing the Star Spangled
littrtrtcr with sortie of its original
emotion and enthusiasm?

Listener

   

 

by Herb Leneker

Remember, each one of us ERCS going in will
release a WAAC for more active ditty. . . .

 

 

Don Vanas stepped out of the role of typical Asso-
ciation President long enough to instigate a much
needed budget reform, and while it is not his amend-
ment that stands on the books, a large share of the
credit rightfully belongs to him. He broke the ice. . ..

We point with pride to Frances Bourgeois and her
Press Bureau, the unsung heroes of the Publications
Oflice who day in and day out go quietly and cili-
ciently about the business of keeping the name of
State College before the reading public , . . Working
without beneﬁt of the noisy “glamour” of the NEWS,
or the sororal “glamour” which seems to characterize
the Fed office, this Bureau is the true publicity corn-
mittee of State. as far as the student body goes. . . .

RYAN IS MISSING

Cap't. Jack Ryan, bomber pilot, has been reported
missing in action since March 6th . . . Was recently
decorated for bringing the bomber “Sweat Pea" ironic
after a raid on St. Nazair , . . The controls were prac-
tically all shot away, and fire broke out in the cock-

pit .  Letter from llowic Anderson . , . "Well It
[-lappy' . . , All he could say of his recent experience
. . . Censorship . . . Ist Lieut. Jimmy Chapcll’s now

in charge of a company _ . . “I spend quite a bit of
time nights trying to catch up on my work" . . . Pvt.
Roland Waterman. awaiting shipment overseas, sends
word of his marriage to the former music teacher at
Adam's Center . . . Now a WAAC. . . .

Ensign Ed llolstcin’s studying Diesel Engineering
at the Univ of Cal. . . . Is staying at Lambda chapter
house of guess what fraternity . . . “It has been rain-
ing California sunshine for about two weeks straight”
. . . Ben (.‘omi returned to camp after 10 days of con-
valcscent leave following a major operation . . . Is
now in the same hospital with Scarlet Fever . . . Sear-
lett O'Hara's red-hot sister . . . Red Cross Field Direc—
tor Cat'l 'l‘arbox is located at a secret base somewhere
in the Pacific . . . “No town, no place to go, so there
are certain aspects that raise longings for the states".

Aviation Cadet Glen Ungcrer notes publicity earn-

paign . . , "Sounds as if the Pres. & faculty & students
are pushing for all they're worth—to keep SCT up
ahead—Good work" . . . Is a reporter on the Grand

Rapids Camp paper . liartman, Capcl, llowartl,
Peters, and Palmer were transferred to Jefferson Bar—
racks . . . O’Connor to parts unknown . . . Am send-
ing NEWSES . Ralph Clark describes his recent
transfer in typical fashion . . . “Last Sunday, without
any warning, we were told that we were all going
‘to Truax Field in Madison, Wis. Just what we were
to do there wasn't clear. It isn't yet.” , . .

Cpl. Wm. J. Zubon, Camp Clraffee, Ark., sends a
laconic card . . . "Thanks for them Ihar NEWSES ,
Swell idea" . . . Some of the boys saw a picture of the
candidates. but never found out just who was Prom
Queen . . Pat Latirner . . . Doug Dillcnbcck‘s among
the wonderccs . . . just landed in town this week.
closely following his letter . Expects OCS plus
finance . , . Bill llopkc, Sioux Falls, S. D., expects to
come East on furlough at the end of this month , . .
“The news of College House’s liquidation was a bit of
bad news for me. I lived there nearly 5 years, and
had come to regard the House as a 2nd home”
Was House Manager. . . .

SPEAKERS, BOOTHS, & RUMORS

Cortland seniors will he graduated one day later
than originally scheduled . . , The desired speaker, at
present wondering what he will say in this morning's
assembly. refused to miss corrrrrrerrcetrtetrt at the col—
lege Ire will shortly leave . . Without wishing to
bruise a single petal of one of our rrrorc delicate
roses, it should be poirricd out that the Stamp Booth
requires a bit of attention . The wise money is'
betting that there will be soldiers at State by the etrd
of the semester , . Will relieve the shortage for our
stronger sex. . .

THE DORM vs RESIDENCE COUNCIL

No one itt Residence. (‘ouneil bothered to answer
last week's question, so we shall take tltetrt for an—
other t'itlc . . We have only been very late twice.
and bollt times the Cottrreil was fair, so this is no
voice crying ottt in the wilderness against the tyranny
of abused power However, this having I representa—
tive for Ifil) girls is exceedingly undemocratic, and
the least Residence (‘ouncil corrld do iii the interests
of fair reprcscrritriiort is to instruct each of flte ~I
satellites of l’ier't-c Hall to elect a delegate to the
Cotttteil.

Newman lliill of Cooper llottse also suffer itt this
matter of uuproportionaI t'epresentttliorr, btrt remedy—
ing the situation for them Would necessitate tr t'oitl—
pit-ie reorganization of the Council. At least they are
better off than the KI orphans who just ain't got Ito—
body, unless you consider the councillors, wlto. stiffer—
ing the odiurtt of appointment, take part in some
mighty inner—working of the Dorm

Said councillors are probably executing their pres—
ent mysterious duties iii a commendable manner, bttl
serving as representatives to Residence (‘ouncil Would
be another matter. ’l‘hct'cfor'e, instructing the satel-
files to elect delegates would be the best bet, since it
Would do away with arty discrepancies, if they exist.
between the will of the eo-cds and the choice of “older
it wiser” heads

Well, Residence (‘outtcil, how about it?

More Publicity
Planned for State

By Committee

Do Bell and Henrickson
To Photograph Activities

The Publicity Committee, formed
for the purpose of advertising State
College to prospective students,
held another meeting last Monday,
at which reports of activities now
in progress were given, and plans
were formulated for the future.

Photos to Be Taken

Dr. Howard Do Bell, Professor of
Mathematics, and Dr. Floyd Hen-
rickson, Assistant Professor of Edu-
cation for Visual Aid, are working
together taking action photo-
graphs of college activities, which
will be sent to local and horne—
town papers. For example, this
week a snapshot will be taken of
girls who are working on the nearly
completed service flag. This will be
printed in an Albany paper, and
will also be sent to the home—towns
of the girls in the picture. Press
Bureau is working in conjunction
with Dr. Do Bell and Dr. Henrick-
son in this new advertising carn-
paign. Recently an article appeared
in the New York Times, sent by
Press Bureau in regard to the new
accelerated program being offered
here.
Schroon Lakc Visits State

Last week, as part of the pub—
licity campaign, a group of Schroon
Lake high school seniors were en—
tertained by the group houses, and
conducted through the college
buildings. The Junior Guide ser-
vice supervised under the direction
of Patricia Laiimcr', '44. The Pub-
licity Committee has contacted the
Albany Chamber of Commerce, and
have reached art agreement where—
by all futurc high school groups
visiting the city will be reported to
the college, and will be offered the
same opportunity.
Alumni Contacted

The plan to contact State College
alumni and ask their aid in adver-
tising their Alma Mater has been
put into action. A form letter, com-
posed by Mrs. Agnes Underwood,
Sccrctary to the Alumni Associa—
tion of State College, and typed by
students under the direction of Mr.
James Gemmcl, Instructor in Com-
merce, has already been sent to the
alumni in the towns frorn which the
college Iras received applications.
Dean Nelson has announced that at
present there are about three hun—
dred such applications.

The committee has scheduled its
next meeting for a week from Mon-
day.

Stewart's Peru Exhibit
On Display In Draper

Featured on the second floor of
Draper Hall is an exhibition of post-
ers, photographers and maps of
Peru. Dr. Watt Stewart, Professor
of History, organized the display.

The posters were used to adver—
tise the second census ever taken
in Peru, itr 193$). Innocent people
were afraid of the census takers.
not. knowing what it was for.
These posters Wt'i't.‘ used as propa-
gartda to get the people to cooper—
ate with the census takers.

The photographs in tire display
were iakerr by Dr. Stewart. They
include a bttll fight, Inca ruins, and
shots of italive life

 

. .41}. 7.551.; . t. s. s 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1943

Major Contribution of Teaching
Lies In Lessons of Democracy

This is the second and ﬁnal in-
stalmcnt of an article by Dr. Allen
J. Hicks. Professor of Education, on
“Why Remain in Teaching?" This
is the ﬁfth of the series written by
eminent faculty members.

The second and the greatest con-
tribution we can make to our
pupils is to help them understand
democracy, believe in democracy,
and learn to live democratically.
Each of us should face this tre-
mendous task with the burning be—
lief that the central purposes of our
lives are: to believe completely in
the capacity of all children to learn
to live “good” lives as members of
a democratic society regardless of
lQ's, colors, religious faiths, soeial
origins or occupations of parents;
to put forth every possible effort to
assist children to learn to live such
lives in our schools; and to work in
every feasible way to help develop
a national and world society in
which it is increasingly possible to
continue to live democratically
after leaving the schools.

Having such central purposes as
guides, what should we do in our
schools? Above all, we ourselves
must practice democratic living in
the schools. Basically this means
that we will respect the personali-
ties of all children no matter how
inept academically, annoying in be-
havior or at variance with our be-
liefs they may be.

In our classrooms, we will be
democratic leaders of children, not
fascist dictators nor side-line ob-

servers of chaotic anarchy. Chil-
dren will not be ruled by mandates
which they obey because they fear
to do otherwise. Children will
share in planning with us and will
be encouraged to assume responsi-
bilities for the control of their own
actions according to the degree of
their maturity. This does not mean
that children will live according to
momentary impulses and fancies
for such would be anarchy out of
which self-discipline could never be
learned. It does mean that as
teachers we recognize that children
can learn to feel democratically and
to behave democratically only as
they have guided experiences in
living democratically.

Those of us who decide to stay in
teaching in these times must hold
up our heads and face the future
with dignity and courage because
we believe deeply that we can serve
the general welfare. We will teach
more effectively than we have in
the past to the end that pupils who
may leave our schools to win the
war or to build the post-war world
will be competent to meet their ob-
ligations and opportunities. We will
believe in the cducability of all the
children in our schools and will,
through the examples we set and
the procedures we follow, help all
children to understand democracy.
to believe in democracy and to
learn to live democratically. We
also serve who teach, for we mould
the youth who will shape the
American way of life of the future.

 

32 State Seniors
Accept Positions

Provisional Certificates

Issued for One Year

A release frotn Mr. Paul G. Bul-
gcr, Director of the Student Em-
ployment Bureau, indicates that 32
Seniors have signed contracts to
teach in various New York State
public schools. The annual salaries
range from $1300 to $1725.

The graduates of '43 will receive
provisional certificates to teach for
one year. If the duration is not
ended by that time, the certiﬁcates
may be renewed; otherwise, teach-
ers who shall have graduated this
June must return to college to com-
plete a fifth year.

Ruth Dee was the first Senior to
obtain a teaching position. She will
become a member of the Social
Studies Department of the Edmcs-
ton Central School, Edmcston.

Others who have signed contracts
are: Lois Hailey, to teach Social
Studies at Schroon Lake; Doris
Sayles, Commerce and Math, New-
comb; Barbara Kerlin, English.
Cornwall; Mac Whiting, English
and Library, Rhincbeck; Betty Tay-
lor, Social Studies and English,
Webster; Anne Muchlcek, Science,
Rocsslcvillc; Anne Brornlcy, Com-
trrcrce. Kindcrhook; Mary Crouch,
English, Pcnfield; Alma Jewell,
Cotntncrcc, Richmondvillc; Ellen
Dell's, Corntncrcc, Walden; Shirley
Eastman. Social Studies, Phelps;
Ethclrnay Tozicr, French and Latin,
Canaseraga; Helen Dunn, English
and French, Andes.

Janet Lect, English and Latin,
Harpcrsvillc; Dorothy Cox, Corn-
rrtcrcc, Mohawk; Regina Roth,
Commerce, Mtrlverne; Kathleen

 

’Civvies' Get Break at Pierce Canteen

Poor little civilians! 'l'ltc USO
recreation center's aren't very hos—
pittrhle to ilterrr, no matter Irow
patriotic they may be Their sol-
dier friends get free rides on sub—
ways, I't'ee coffee and sandwiches,
adoring smiles from young ladies,
dtrnecs, parties

Smile. little civilians; there’s a
place for you at the Pierce flail
Canteen.

Wiilt either this generous motive
or a fiendish one to remind the men
of their fate, the Pierce Hall Women
have chosen a military theme for
their Spring Ir‘ormal which will be
held next Saturday. 9 RM. to
I A.M.

Bernie Collins and his orchestra,
who played for the Fall Formal,

will return for the affair, promising
to act as "Military Mixmasters."

Acting iii the capacity of olliccrs
and their wives will be Dr and
Mrs. Sttyles, Dr. and Mrs. Nelson,
Iltc Iiulgcrs and the Brimmers.

Eunice Baird, “II, is the Cantecn's‘
Mistress of Ceremonies. Mary
Sanderson. '45, is itt charge of
decorations ()ilter‘s itt charge of
arrangements include Erma Olm-
sted, ’44, refreshments; Audrey
Cushman, orchestra; Vera Willard,
'44, programs; and Marie Soulc, ’43,
chaperoncs.

So, little civilians, next Saturday
night, you cart pretend you’re leav-
ing camp, headed for town and the
Pierce IIaIl Canteen. The Army
hasn’t anything on you.

More Blood Donors Needed,-
Moke Appointment Now . -

In a mighty rnttscle

Sits a little red corpusclc,

Feeling very sad that we're at
war.

One can quickly tell

That he’s tired of his cell,

And yearns to join the new
Transfusion Corps.

He sits there in despair—-

Longing for fresh air,

Wailing ’causc the
passed him by;

But his master is in college,

Concentrating on more knowl~
edge,

And “doesn't have the time" to
hear his cry.

draft has

This tnueh we know is true—

Our friend may be in you——

Along with several others of his
mob.

All you have to do is sign up,

And their get in the line—up.

Red corpuscles will finish up the

 

 

 

job!
Martin, English and Dramatics,
Pulaski; Laura Hughes, Social

Studies and English, Liberty; Marie

Lubcrda, Commerce, Macedon;
Shirley Wurz, English and Dra-
maties, Liberty; Marie Seoficld,
English, Lake Luzcrne; Marjorie

Studlcy, Math and Social Studies,
Lake Luzcrnc.

Also Jean Ure. English, Canajo-
Iraric; Betty Bailey, Social Studies,

Painted Post; Shirley Jennings,
English and Library, Glenileld;

.Iamcs' Walrlcr, Commerce, Bolton
Landing; Mary Fairehild, Science,
Edmes'on; Patricia Gibson, Science.
Clyde; Lenora Davis, Social Studies,
Odessa; Ellen Swartoul, English
and Dt'atrraiics, Odessa, arid Barbara
Clark, English, Monticello

Upon graduation, Jean MeAllistcr'
will be errrployed as a Civil En-
gineer iii the General Electric plant
at Pittsficld, Massachusetts.

Dorothy Eastwood, a graduate
student, will teach Library at
Sattgcrtlcs.

Forum to Hold 'HashScssion'

Forum members will have an op-
portunity to voice their complaints
and suggestions irr regard to the
organization at a "hash session,”
slated for next Wednesday in the
Lounge at 3:30 P. M. A formal
program has not been planned for
the meeting, the only other order of
business being a discussion of the
Russian War Relief Drive.

A box for the drive will be put in
the lower hall of Draper next week,
Everyone is urged to make as many
old clothes contributions as possible,
arid they will be utilized for Rus-
sian rclicf.

Poet to Private--
Dr. Lang Reports

A year ago last September, the
appearance of a new prof in the
English department evoked a steady
surge of curiosity on the part of the
student body. This new addition to
the State College faculty was
friendly, young, and dashing—even
when he wasn’t in a hurry.

A Baltimorian by birth, Dr. Var-
Iey Lang had attended Johns Hop-
kins University, taking his college
education in one long sweep. At
present. he is one of three people
to have achieved a doctor’s degree
by going from two years of under—
graduate schooling into four years
of graduate training. By this
process of six years of concentrated
study, Ire achieved a PhD—casu-
ally skipping over the usual BA.
and M.A.

Before coming to State, Dr. Lang
had taught at Hopkins for three
years.

In past years, he spent his sum—
mers down by the East Shore in
Baltimore, deep sea fishing. Tramp-
ing around, hanging around the
boats, living with the fishermen. . . .

“The amazing thing," Dr. Jones
says, “about Varley, is his essen-
tially poetic mind. He constantly
sees relationships and subtle new
answers and meanings to firings
that we lesser people miss. He's a
great deal more of a poet than just
when he‘s writing poetry. And he's
very much of a realist, too.”

Dr. Jones paused a few minutes.
as if to weigh his thoughts. Then
he looked up and said, “Among all
the people I have known, he—more
than anyone else of his age—has a
supreme sense of value for the right
word at the right time."

In March, 1942. Dr. Lang pub-
lished his first book of poems, “The
Stars Are Small." When asked
how long he had been seriously
writing poetry, Dr. Lang smiled
impisth and said, “I guess I didn’t
feel the ‘eall’ until I was about
twenty-three.”

 

Cour/my (fer/(ml Slur/i0

Dr. Varley Lang

 

Concerning “The Stars Are
Small." Dr. Hastings says, “He evi—
dently has done more than just
blow the dust off old books in the
university library.

“The title does not so much de-
scribe the fifty poems within as to
give the pitch, like a tuning fork;
for the poems vary considerably,
but they all have that imaginative
sharpening of experience, which
brings man and the stars into per-

spcefivc:
And now I must believe that
unless
Touched by man, the stars are
small.

. , . It is now one year and seven
months since September, 1941. Only
yesterday, this poet—prof left State
to say in a few days at Army head-
quarters: “Private Varley Larry re-
porting." . . .

 

OTTO R. MENDE

"975? College jeweler"
103 Central Ave., Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

W

Submitted by LIg Moyhow,
Kent State University

 
 

 

 

SEND US YOUR SLANG AND GET $IO IF WE USE II
Address. College Dept, Pepsi Lola (0., long Island City, N Y

 

 

PepsI-Cola Campany,Lonq Island Clty,N.Y. Bottled locally by Franchlsditilort.

 

