er :Mumwrlit‘z. .' r

 

  

 

PAGE A

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1943

 

ﬁat

 

 

Bert Kiley

The “Letters to the Editor” de-
partment continues to voice the
people’s squawks. That is a healthy
symptom. We are glad the public's
attitude towards the News has
changed since a few weeks ago,
when the News was "dared" to
print a letter criticizing the old
railroading tactics of getting appro-
priations out of the Student ASSO-
elation.

The apathy of the past few years
seems to be dropping astern and
some of the “rebels” have been
pleasantly surprised to find that
there are others who think along
the same lines.

It is natural that the NEWS should
be a clearing house for ideas of a
controversial nature. In the past.
all too few people have been heard.
That sad state can be outgrown.
Free expression of ideas is not nec-
essary to an apparently successful
society; but it is necessary to the
ideal democratic society.

Tolerance Dangerous

The idea of “tolerance” can be a
dangerous one in a democracy.
Tolerance, in the form of conde-
scension, is conceit or bigotry. We
do not "tolerate" our equals.

Tolerance in the form of accept-
ing conditions or ideas distasteful
to us is to give the opposing forces
the illusion of a unaminity of opin-
ion that really isn't there. They
cannot then be blamed for proceed-
ing with their program.

So come on, characters, give with
your beefs. You have the Friday
assemblies for your vocal efforts;
you have the News for your Swif-
tian pens.

Ideas Needed

Lest we give the impression that
all we seek is complaints, we should
also like to stir your brain cells to-
wards a little creative criticism. Our
present setup here at State is not
the ultimate in organization. We
do not mean that as an understate-
ment. but as a call for steps that
may bring us closer to the ideal
undergraduate society. Don't sell
your ideas short—they may be just
what we need.

Shakespeare Exposed

That amazing fellow. Bill Shakes-
peare, possessed a facet of his na-
ture that has laid uncovered these
many years. We hesitate to dis-
close this information. since it
might lead to the banning of Bill's
works in Boston and might discour-
age him from further writing.

Well, much as we hate to do this.
we feel it our duty to tell on Bill,
lest the young of the land come
under his insidious influence.

SHAKESPEARE WAS A HORSE-
PLAYERi

Consider the evidence. There is
a plug by the name of Bolingbrokc
who sauntcrs casually on occasion
around some of our leading tracks.
Lost the steed‘s feelings get hurt I
hasten to add that he is the son of
the late Equipoisc and is in his
own right a good distance horse.

Our shockcd cars have heard vari-
ous irate iiivcstoi's decrying in
strong liiiiguiigc the vagaries off
old B. It scents that sometimes he
wins and somctimcs he loses,

’I‘o cxposc Shokcspcurc as one of
thosi- unfortunntcs who gucsscd
wrong on thc old glue-works fugi-
tlrc and didn't like it we mcrcly
oil'cr what. ht- says in Act I, Scene
3. of chry IV. through the char-
acter of Hotspur, it choice oi nuiiics
significant. in itself.

“lib illsrtitc and cunkcrcd

 

iiohngbrokc . , this thorn, this
t‘illii(t‘l', iiolingbrokc . . gall and
pinch this iiolingbrokc . . . liilrt

I'lll' iiolingbrokc

Sorry. Bill. but. we thought this
fact. was one that should be known
by iutiirc teachers.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario a! Benson 8!.

 

Pauline Foster
Joins SﬂStaii

New Gym instructor
Plans Danish Exerises

The freshman and sophomore
women have met a small vivacious
brunette who turns her hand with
equal ease to Danish gymnastics or
piloting a plane. Her name is Paul-
ine Foster. She has come to State
from Keuka College, where she was
head of the Department of Physical
Education, to be Miss Johnston’s co-
worker.

Miss Foster hails from Penn Yan.
“Have you ever heard of it?”, she
asks with a twinkle in her eye, “Well,
it's a small town in the Finger Lake
region near Rochester. Its strange
name is an abbreviation of Pennsyl-
vania Yankee."

Has Studied Extensively

Her early training was received
in the Bouve-Boston School of Phy-
sical Education. She obtained a BS.
degree at Russell Sage College.

In the summer of 1933 Miss Foster
traveled to Denmark where she at-
tended the Gymnasts People’s Col-
lege. “Here I had the very great
pleasure of studying under Niels
Bukh, world famous gymnast", con-
tinued Miss Foster. As an item of
local interest. she added that in
1937 Bukh gave an cxhibltioti at
the armory in Troy while on tour
of the United. States. State's new
gym teacher furthers her education
at the Columbia summer school
where she studies psychology.

Waterford High School was Miss
Foster‘s first position. From there
she joined the faculty of tho Ellen-
villc High school. Six years ago
her hometown ciillcd hcr back and
she became iiciid of the Physical
Education Dcpartmcnt of Keuka
College at Penn Ytin.

Varied Outside Interests

Not only is Pauline Fostcr inter-
ested in teaching athletics but her
outside activities are also along that
line. Her list. of accomplishments
is noteworthy. She has her Student
Pilot's license and is a qualified in-
structor in Life Saving and First
Aid. “My real passion. though. is
sailing," she confesses.

“In my classes I intend to teach
Danish Gymnastics. More muscular
coordination is required than for
ordinary gymnastic exercises. Done
to the accompanyment of music
they are particularly effective." That
is Miss Foster's mission at State.

Miss Foster did not need any urg-
ing to express her high opinion of
State and its students. “I like the
college and the girls very much. I
know I am going to enjoy my stay
here.“

 

Annual l-M Field,Day
To Feature7807Yd. Dash

cht wcck MAA will hold its
second annual Intramural Field Day.
The main feature will be the Intra-
mural Sweepstakes. the 80 yd. dash.
won last year by Gene Guarino.
Other events will be punting, place-
kicking. distance and accuracy pass-
ing contests. A definite date has
not yet been cstablisl‘icd.

The future of thc intro-mural
football league has bccn dampened
by pcrsisttint ruins and the drafting
of somc kcy nicn. Pick-tip games
will bc arrinigcd whcncvui' sufficient
:ithlt-tcs arc around for u scrimmage.

In a fcw wot-ks MAA sports will
nioyc into llli! gym with buskclbuil
predominating. Probably till intru-
murul league will bc offered with
1| possibility that n lt'illil muy bc
iormcd to play outsidc tcums.

Second Camp Week-end Starts Tomorrow

.9‘

built by the association in 1932.

The second Camp Johnston get-
to-gethcr of the year will take place
this week-end. Since the last one
proved so popular, there will be an
even larger number of girls attend-
ing this time. Quite a few fresh-
men and a group of Sayles Hall
uppercltissmen have signed up to go.
They will leave on the early train
for Chatham tomorrow morning.
with dung‘arecs. slacks. ration points.
and text books.

As an additional feature, the gals
are going to measure curtains and
try to generally improve the camp's
appearance by cleaning tip the
place.

Bobby Van Auken and Helen
Slack. sophomores, are again in
charge of arrangements. and Mary
Kate McKay. ‘44, will juggle the
ration points and buy the food.

If this week—end at Camp John-
ston is as well-liked at the last.
one. WAA promises to have at least
six week-ends at camp this year.
This means two more than last year.

In order to dispel any confusion

 

    

WAA’s CAMP JOHNSTON—located on a hill over Chatham and

Scromblers To Play Sirens
In Fem Foolboll Scrimmage

The Sayles Hall "Sirens"
meet the Chi Sig “Scramblers”
tomorrow in the first game of the
girl‘s football league. In the
traditional State style. the play-
ers will use touch tackle rather
than the more strenuous variety.

The Scramblers. coached by
Hepper Hammond. State's own
Knute Rockne, are depending on
some secret "secret plays," and.
incidentally, the blocking of
Latimcr. Garfall and Domann.
Dolly Di Rubbo. general manager
and head watcrgirl of the Sirens
says that the power of the team
is in the passing of Daly, Dann.
Brucnig. Inc.. and in Ozzie’s jiu
jitsu plays—the sort of thing one
learns from Marines.

"And what's this we hear about
Bostwick playing center because
it's such it iiir'c safr' position?",
ask the Sirens.

 

 

regarding rushing rules, Intersoror-
ity Council has decreed that fresh-
men women and sorority members
may go together on the trip.

WAA urges that girls take advan-
tage of the week-ends now. as those
during the winter months will be
more crowded. The sports available
at this time of year are hiking,
baseball. and volley—ball.

Ice-skating, skiing, tobogganlng
and long hikes in the snow will be
the main features of the winter
Week—ends. And it might be to the

 

Equestriennes Take Sleeds;
Pedestrians Make Speed

There is an unprecedented lil-
tei‘est in horseback riding .it
State this year.

Not only do these hardy i'qllCS-
trians brave wintry blasts. muddy
terrain and ficrcc scowls of the
riding instructors, but sonic of
them do so at 7:30 am! Anth
they ride at this unearthly hour
entirely of their own accord
they refuse to cxchangc their
time with othci' cqnally ndvcn—
turous iiidivitllinis who like riding
through ruin. wind, protruding
branchcs, clc.

’I‘licy ciijoy lhc dogs tliul fol-
low along thc bridlc paths nip-
ping ttt thc horse's leg, causing
llicin to l'l'ill' buck and throw lhc
ridcr violcnlly. 'l‘hcy luugh hilar-
iously wiicii lhcir hugs persist in
following thc coursc of most
i'csisiiiiit‘c

And so. Ihc) ride into thc sun—
I‘l‘xl' lo i't'llll‘ll t‘iilit‘fl. cxnbci'niii.
niitl i-xltntisli-(l.

 

 

 

GUSTAVE LOREY
STUDIOS

I
1

1/

C:

Phone 3- l 5 l ti

.5,

' )
ii

iii State Street

 

girls‘ advantage to practice up on
snow-shoeing. as that walk from
the train in the deep snows will be
none too comfortable.

  
 
 
 

   

AND CHICAGO
BEAR FULLBACK,
WAS oue or me
MOST POWERFUL
LINE SMASHERS
OF ALL TIME!

\
NORM‘S IN THE
ARMY Now AND.» ‘
VOUCANHELP,  -
HIM AND HIS M .
BUDDIES SMASH "at
~ THE AXIS LINE ’

BY  ‘ Marl 
WAR BONDS «we

   
 

.4

 
 

3-.—

  

‘i

 

 

 
 

GEORGE D. JLUNEY. Pom:

 

 

Margo Byrnc

Each Fall one of tliosc questions
which comes up for mulling over by
a certain few of its. is who among
the freshmen are likely candidates
for WAA lcadcrshlp.

Opinions are based on various
factors. mainly individual ability.
spirit und popularity. Perhaps it is
not. strictly a matter of skill in
sports. In fact, it. most. certainly is a
case of that too often repeated blurb
"you get out of a thing exactly what
you put into it."

In view of this let's take a look
at the Class of '47. One of the girls
who has made herself conspicuous
for leadership is Gloria Baker. WAA
Manager for her class. Baker’s
principal charge at the moment is
frosh rivalry sports. Frances Mc-
Cormick, another shining light of
the freshmen. their Representative
on Council specifically, and Baker
made most of the scores in the
hockey games this season and might
well be considered very sharp indeed.

Mary Ann Bohcn’s defense is not
to be scorned. nor are Jcan Dicken—
son‘s long drives. In short, 1947's
hockey's potentialities are good. More
practice as a team and they will
come through with the same calibre
action that their sister class. the
juniors, exhibit in tennis.

'I‘ennis

A peculiar circumstance is an al-
most complete lack of interest in
lcnnis among thc frcshincn. On
Activities Day, thc sign-up sheets
showed cxtrcmcly fcw supporters in
comparison to other sports.

On the other hand, volley ball,
which is the game guaranteed to
not the least. amount of glory for
its followers, has a rcspcctnbly large
turn out and somc outstanding
freshman players. notably Ginny Van
Vrankcn. Kay Booth and the afore-
praised Gloria Baker.

Much to WAA's surprise and—
shall we say. cmbassassmcnt. riding
had an encouraging number of re-
cruits from '47. so encouraging in
fact that the full refund of five
dollars is not compatable with the

budget as it now stands.

 

 

 
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
  

 

U. 5. It. "iii. lt.-;.trltoi'nl

DIAL 5 19l3

Ediiiiillililﬂ IiAFETElllll

Try Our liiisiiicssnuin's Lunch

600

198‘ 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

“r'n

Q
vi

ATE COLUZTCZ'

LIBRARY \.
7.“. iii??? TEACHERS

AL . ."jt it.) if.

tate

allege News

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1943

VOL. XXVIIi NO. 10

 

NEWS Chooses
Six Sophomores

As Desk Editors

Sparta—Stigma Stalls
Select New Members

Six Sophomores have been pro-
moted from the regular staff posi-
tion of Sophomore reporter to that
of Sophomore Desk Editor on the
S'i‘A'l‘II) Coi.i.iioi-t News as it result of
News Board elections held this
chk. They are, for the your 1943-
44. Joan Berbrich. Kathryn Kendall,
Elixithcth Lolfnro, Gloria Mtthcr-
ran, Elizabeth O‘Neil and Marie
Scuildcr, choscn froin the coinch-
ing Sophomores trying out for tiic
positions.

New Sports. Business Staffs

Simultaneously new members
wcrc ttddcd to the Business and
Sports stuffs. The Junior Business
stuff is composed of Marguerite
Bostwick, Lois Drury, Dorothy
Smith and Leah 'l‘ischlcr. The
Junior Sports staff includes Miii'ic
DeChcnc and Joan Hylind.

Sophomores named to the Bus‘i-
ncss stuff are Ann Bombard, Mar-
garet Cramcr. Patricia Dunn, Isabel
Fear, Elizabeth Forest, Jean Gro-
dcn. Judith Gyrofsky, Sally Louns-
berry, Winifred Lulkowski, Joseph-
inc Maggie and Marian Spiak.
Audrey Johnson and Elizabeth J.
McGrath have been named mem-
bers of the Sophomore sports staff.
Desk Editors Eligible to Board

From the six Sophomore Desk
Editors chosen this year will come
the three Associate Editors on next
year's News Board. .F‘rom these
three, the Editor-in-chief or co-
Editors-in-chicf will be elected.

The Business Manager and Cir-
culation Manager will be chosen
from the Juniors who are trying
out for the positions. ’I‘hose on the
Business Staff are eligible to those
two positions only since the incor-
poration of the position of Advertis-
ing Manager with that of Business
Manager. This is the first year
such a policy has been in force.

All members of the Business staff
are asked to be at a meeting called
by June Pickert, ‘44, in Room 109 on
Tuesday, November 30.

Cub Classes Continue

Cub classes for freshmen who are
trying otit for the News will be con-
tinued. cht semester they will he
itskcd to come to the News office
on ’l‘ucsdny and \\’cdncsdny nights
and take u more active part in News
work.

Classes are held every Tuesday
noon during the lunch hour in
Room 111 of Draper Hall.

Classical Club Seeks Old Clothes for Greece

Our illusion of (ti'cccc its being
incrciy thc birthplucc of civilization
has bccn altered to include it dccp
i‘cspcct mid gi'iitiludc for the pcoplc
as individuals. We must now realize
flint it was (lite to lhcir two months
of dying for pi'csci'vuiion of their
idcus uguinst unsui'niountziblc odds
that mudc possible lhc dcfctif of lhc
Nuzis in Africa and t-nublcd its to
adequately hclp linssiu [il‘t'iitti‘i‘ for
thc rcnth-d Nazi oticnsivc.

The German Armics of ()ccupu-
tion hitvc huriicd two hundred Uri-ck
villiigcs. ’l‘hc most iortunutc of lhcsc
honiclcss pcoplc are now sccking
slicltcr in (cuts. In their rccklcss
plinidcring lhc Germans have not
only destroyed the centers of culture
and learning btit have iilso pilliigcd
the food and clothing. The dire
effects of three years of malnutri-
tion have left human skeletons suf—
fering from inulci'ia. tuberculosis,
rickets and other diseases.

At the present time the Greek War
Relief Association is carrying on

 

Miscellaneous Photo Confesf
Hos Deadline Wednesday

“When will the "pin-up” girls
be pinned up?" could be a ques—
tion haunting the mind of many
an eager studcnt. For those in-
dividuals anxious to gaze upon
profiles . . . and landscapes. there
will be a photography exhibit
beginning November 29. There
is no definite subject for these
photos, so people may expect to
see everything from portraits to
snapshots of skyscrapers.

The entries in this contest have
been slow in coming. Film is
scarce—that is a known fact——
but there is no shortage of sub-
ject matter. Contributions should
be handed to Leah Tischicr, '45.
or Mary Stcngcl. 'i4. by Wednes-
day. Surcly. tucked away in boxes.
thcrc lll't‘ prizcd-posscssions of
sonic would-bc photographers.
’I‘hosc favorite snapshots or
photographs are jusl what are
iccdcd to givc Dr. DoBcli some
healthy coiiipctition in this con—
test.

WAC Solicits
ARP Members

War Activities Council has set
forth definite plans for the coming
months in three war activities: Knit-
ting. Air Raid Prccaution. and
Stamp Booth.

The Council states that all stu-
dents who liave already begun to knit
sweaters. socks. 01' other articles,
will be given enouin yarn to finish

Because of the increasing weight
on the WAC budget, the Albany
Chapter of Russian War Relief has
agreed to donate one skein of wool
for every two skeins purchased by
the Council.

Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of Women
and Faculty Chairman of the Coun-
cil, explained the desperate need for
larger enrollcmnt in the Air Raid
Precaution classes. Only 13 have
signed up, and more will be needed
before the A.R.P. course can be
started.

The purpose of this course is to
train students to become air raid
wardens. Thcy are organized under
the direction of the American
Women's Volunteer Service. Two-
hour classes are held once a week
for ten wccks. Graduates of the
course are cxpcctcd to know the dif-
ferent kinds of guscs and the pre-
cautions that should be takcn in the
group houses to pi'cvcnt panic in
cusc of fill air raid.

Alpha Epsilon Phi hits charge of
thc Stump Booth from November 17
until thc beginning of Christmas
vacation. 'I‘his ycar to date, ilic
Stump Booth intiintcnttncc record
shows that groups, i'tilhcr than in—
dividuals, wish to maintain it.

 

by Hamilton and Radish——

 

ii drch for old clothing throughout
thc Unilcd Slutcs. l'lcrc at State
the Classical Club is sponsoring thc
di'irc in coordination with the Nut-
ionul Organization. In yicw of this
destruction lhc iiccd for clothing is
now grcntcr lilllll cycr bcforc.

'i‘hc following typcs of clothing
are particularly nccdcd: woolcn stilts,
routs, juckcls. skirts, ti'ousci's, knit—
tcd underwear in good condition,
swcttlcrs. drcsscs, all lypcs of child—
i‘cn's clothing, shoes, and blankets.

’I‘hc prtct- of thc stock that is
uvuilublc in (it‘cck shops is beyond
the reach of almost cvcryonc. A
chtitcr may be bought for the equi-
valent of ciglily dollars. A pair of
shoes with wooden soles sells for
$106. while a man's stilt costs $2,666.
At a typical children's canteen it
was observed that only 120 out of 7’70
served there had coats or slices. The
fact that the children do not have
u change of clothing accounts for
the spread of typhus and dysentery.

Thus far the campaign has brought

BAC To Post

Business Meeting Scheduled

List oi_Ex_penses in Assembly This Morning

 

Repot W'll D' l
Statusr bi StIudenltSTSrsitis Educators 

The Board of Audit and Control  

has established a precedent in the
control of the College budget. On
December 4. there will appear on
the bulletin board, a form which
will inform the student body of the ——
status of its funds. This form with Representatives from the State
subsequent variations will be put)- Teachers Colleges at New Paltz,
lishcd and posted as a iii-monthly Oneonta. Plattsburg and Albany,
i'opoi't, convened here last Monday and
Tm. procedure in the affairs of Tuesday in one of the regional con-
lhc Board comes as a result of the “mime” 0‘ New York Slam This
rcccnt inisundcrstandings with which “(’“lm'onco' one Of “‘0 three to be
it was confronted. The form is so “PM “"15 culled 1‘0 discusshi‘nd
mum. m gm. an “calm”. uccoum analyze the problems of the differ-
of tho rcccipts and disburstnncnis 0'” 60110895911“ ‘0 Comier “‘0
rm. mu.“ “mum-mm,“ as “my occur problems of high school and clcmcn—
duringl thc fiscal year. ["2" T310011 {gaChmZ-“g f Ed
Nainc Undergoes Change omit]:  ﬁzliggalmgéo :31. ‘WE;
gS’im’l‘Jm] . (“ﬁnial”): lime.“ 1”“ chairman of the conferenize at all
*plm‘” “‘1 H “will/ﬂit)“ b" sessions. At the opening session at
known as the Board of Audit and 9.30 AM. Monda‘, D]. Vivian Ed_
leiml' Howevm" an“ L0 mcon' miston. of the Teacher Education
vcnicnccs which arose regarding Committee of New York woke on
official stationery and checkbooks, a “u, thHLion of existing, 'nwcucev
proposed 1amcndmcilit to change the in Name]; college; ‘ i ‘ "’
name to l to origina . Finance Board,  ., ‘ - .  ,. ..
has been tabled and will be consider- bypllﬁfgiihl{ismsgggﬁihéw15,1311?
“d m the {lift “semi?” renown“; tending colleges. The mass meeting
the Tlmnksglvmg Vacuum" was then divided into four small
The BORN I'OIJOI‘lS that dennquent groups to discuss in detail specific
taxes 111“: gradually being Paid; Ollly problems. One group met to plan
36 Hilldt’nlb‘ 1mVe 3’91: l0 DRM M1'- effective ways of giving teachers an
Georg? YOI‘k. iﬂCllliri’ «'ldViSCI‘ $0 the understanding of the development
BOﬂl'd, l'CQUCSLS that these 36  of children; another. the way pro-
ObSDI'VE their responsibilities in the Spective teachers lnust think and
near future. plan the curriculum; the third. to
3mm] Expects Surplus discuss problems of actual teaching
In response to me questiom “What experience; and the fourth. to decide
happens to those who don't my?n_ what things are needed to be unified
Mr. York replied to the effect that m a seminal: course‘ .
in the event there is no satisfactory  Edmlsmll met w‘th Mar-V
reason for neglecting the payment Asslm' Grace Flemer' Jean me‘m'
of the fee, a list of the names will F101 ence Gaffe”, Domini” Gregory'
be given to the Dean, and he in Martha Joycev Shirley ,Mason and
turn will consult With the “infrac- Mary NOW to?“ a“, idea or the
toes”: the same list will probably be Stuqem’ Vlewpolnt' M155 Gfu'mu' m
posted. clogjgitilrlztion Vagina the majorityuoi
, l c's. oce ie onnion ia
11' ‘3 exi’oci‘ed “9’ PM 3.0“? m.“ the Ed. 10 course could beI contracted
the.Studcnt Assoctation Will find it- mm one veal. while the Methods
self With a small surplus “if the course cou‘ld be given {01. a much
student body exerts a certain amount long“. period of time
of discretion in the passing of money The mam suggestion Offered by
bills in assembly—and confines its the Students WM [(3 me (m, subjec't
expenditures to those things which manic}. as  méan's Lb the’éﬁoal‘ of
are “WWII “3. the “mng or SM" developing children into individuals.
dent activuics.

Vacation To Start Wednesday

Teachers Seek Advice
Of Jurors in Parley

 Releases

Thanksgiving vacation will begin .
til 12 Noon. Wednesday, according  d D L
to Miss Elizabcth Vandcnburg. ch-   
istrtir. Classes will be resumed ..
Monday, November 29. at. 8:10 AM. December 2. Newman Club Day,

SCA will hold Thanksgiving wor- will mark the renewal of Blood
ship ’l‘ucsdtiy noon in the Unitarian Donoi's‘ Drive in the College. Donors
chtipcl. may sign up for this date on the
""rvm—i **"“'*"‘ W‘- organizution’s bulletin board in
lower Draper.

The Honor Roll of Blood Donors in
[he Commons. as released by War
Aciiyiiics Council, includes 78 names.
Among these are 17 Seniors, 24
to light thc Amcricun sympathy for Juniors, 19 Sophomores and 16
thc (ii'ccks iii lhcir desperate plight. fi'cshincn. Those who have donated
Onc contributor donated two boxes more than oticc are as follows: Alice
of shocs to bc rcpttlred at. his cx— Knapp. Rosemary Multinc, mid
pcnsc, it is rcportcd that a little Richard Smith, '47; Phylis Carpen—
liidy nincty-four ycurs old pcrson— icr, Rosiinn Hayden, Thcrcsu Jones.
ally dclircrcd children's sweaters. and Esther Utal, '46; Elainc Drooz.
which she herself had knitted, to Ruth Fine. and Pauline Kleinc, '45;
thc hcttdqiutrtcrs in New York. Thcsc 'I‘rccc Ancy, Hclcn Elgin. Barbara
and olhci' ui'liclcs uctuuiiy reach Smith, and Dorothy 'l‘ownscnd. '44,
thcir destination via the Red Cross and Dr. Louis C. Jones of the facility.
and the ships of neutral nations. Mcinbcrs of tiic Class of ’44 on the

li‘urihcr proof of the indomitable Honor Roll arc Marjorie Bi'cunlg.
t'otii'ugc of the Greeks is evidenced June Clurk, Junc Clorkson. Florence
by lhcso—citiiod“littlcwolvcs.” ’l‘hc pohcn, Lucille Grunts. Gc'aldine
(icrmuns have applied this name to Mcrhoff, Shirley Mills. Theresa Mi-
boys botwccii the ages of ten and surclli, Pauline Pasternack, Janet
fourteen, who are blowing up ilill- Roe. Osnif Serabitin, Marjorie Stew—
niiinllion dumps, dcruiling trains, art and Charles 'I‘urcotte.
and setting fire to houses and other Representatives of the Class of '45
buildings. are Mary D. Alden, Alma Beckerle,

Let us remember these “little Jean Brown, Jeanne Burkhard, Nora
wolves." 'l‘hunksgiving vacation will Crum, Mary Curran. Marian E.
provide an excellent time for stu- Davis. Marie DeCliene, Peggy Dee.
dents to collect old clothes to con- Yvonne Edwards. Grace Fielder.
tribute to the drive which will begin Jeanne Fillnian, Ruth Hines, Rosi-
November 29 in lower Draper Hall. (Continued on page i)

 

Student Body Will Consider

Resolutions, Amendment

A business meeting is scheduled for
this morning's assembly program.
The student body will be asked to
consider four major items: three
resolutions and one amendment.
Two of these resolutions hinge upon
the plan to reinstall the coke
machine which was removed inst
year.

The machine, long absent from the
Annex. will be installed again by
permission of Dr. John M. Sayles,
President of the College. A Mysk-
aniti committee discussed with Dr.
Stiylcs’ possibilities of installing
the machine. The committee ad-
vanced a plan which Dr. Sayles ac-
cepted. He agreed to place the vend—
ing machine in the Commons with
the stipulation that the plan be
carried out. The coke machine must
be placed in the Cotninons, adequate
supervision being provided for its
maintenance. The area around the
machine will have to be kept in
order; empty bottles must be return-
ed to the provided rccepticles.

'I‘hrec Resolutions

Since War Activities Council orig-
inally considered operating the
machine, all profits will go to the
WAC treasury. Carrying out this
plan entails two resolutions, both to
be introduced today.

The first Myskania resolution calls
for an appropriation of ten dollars
to purchase linoleum to be placed
under the coke machine. This will
eliminate much disorder and will
facilitate cleaning.

The second resolution provides for
a substitute for Campus Commission
to take care of the machine as well
as to assume the duties of the Com-
mission. namely a Marshal Squad.
The squad will also take over duties
of Student Council-appointed Mar-
shals. The entire group will be head-
ed by a Grand Marshal selected from
the incoming Senior Class. The
office will be a major one under the
Major-Minor Office Plan,

Method of Succession

To head the group for the remain—
dei‘ of this year. the Grand Marshal
would be elected by the student body
from the present Senior class. The
squad will have for membership all
of the members of the present Cam-
pus Commission and Class Marshals.
The next Marshal Squad will be
chosen by those who served on it
previously, and the Grand Marshal
will be elected by Student Associa-
tion i'rom incoming Seniors who
have served on the Squad during
the year. If passed, this resolution
will mean that Student Council will
cede its privilege of appointing Class
Marshals and Campus Commission.

The third item of business is an
amendment to be presented by G.
Bertram Kilcy, '44, proposing that
all resolutions and amendments be
tziblcd for only one week instead of
two as now stutcd in the Student
Association Constitution. A reso-
lution concerning Debate Council
will also be introduced.

Wurtz Resigns As
Debate Council Head

With the prospect of entering the
service in the near future. Hurry
Wurtz, ’44. this week handed in his
resignation as President of Debate
Council. Geraldine Mcrhoff, Vice—
Prcsident, will serve us Acting Presi-
dent until new elections are held.

Due to the uncertainty of the
leadership of the Council, no definite
plans havo as yet been made. Miss
Merhoff. however, expects to have
several speakers for student assem-
blies sometime during this year.

After Thanksgiving vacation, a
new membership campaign will be
set forth.

 

 

 

 

