 

 

 

 

 

 

..- .. :3!

 

.........,- 5‘2.

.smwmvwdwm-‘iﬁx

.mm. mpg-usrmmwmiﬁla v.

,. .~ win-‘MMOWIWWWS'I’GZH

 

     
   
 

o
*3

i

  
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May 1916
By the Clan ot1918

Vol. XXVII December 16, 1943 No. 13
Member Distributor
Associated (‘ollegliite l’ress Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for ’l't'iicliers; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS Board for tho Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office, 5-0373; Baxter, 2-5545; Stengei. 8-2804;
I’lekort. 2-2752.

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIITISING BY

National Advertismg Setvrce, Inc.

Collage Publitber: Representative
420 MADISON Ave. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' Lol AIOILIS ' SAN FIANCISCO

The News Board
MARY B. STENGEL .. .

JANET K. BAXTER - -
JANE PICKERT - -
LlLLlAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KiLEY - -
SUNNA COOPER .. -
JANE HEATH - -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-thcHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR
- ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

“517 5:3." 3

All t-oiiiuiuiiicaiions should be addressed to lllt' odltor llllll
must llt' sight-d. Saint-s will bc wilhliclil upon request.
The S'i‘A’l‘l'l t‘tii.l.i-ltii'i NEWS :issliiiics no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or coiiiiiiuiiiciitions
as such expressions do iioi necessarily reflect Its vii-w.

Number Eight?

The year‘s unusually peaceful rush season is over
The seven sororal groups, despite last week‘s ruf-
fling, are preparing to recline in their respective
niches for another year. Nearly everyone is happy.
The sororities feel secure; non-sorority members
manage to lead normal lives and mingle with the
Greeks. Most of those outside the sororal circle
regard the whole system with rather unfiatering in-
difference. But still there are those who want to
prod sororities a bit more. Last week's poll and
conversational snatches indicate that some still
hold the usual feeling of resentment. And among
the freshmen, there are still traces of disappoint-
ment and deflated egos.

Apparently dissatisfied non-sorority members fail
to realize that at any tiii'i‘ a group of students may
organize a sorority. Such an action would call for
extremely careful organization in addition to finan-
cial security. A house and sufficient funds to run
it is the main requirement after a substantial num-
ber of members has been attained. This step would
not be as difficult as it seems if. instead of organ-
izing an entirely new sorority, one of State’s ex-
sororities were revived. Since 1940, Pi Alpha Tau,
Phi Delta, Alpha Rho, Sigma Alpha and Phi
Lambda have all disbanded. And before that time
other groups had broken tip for varied reasons.
Members of such sororities could easily be con—
tacted as to whether any of their organizations
could be revived. Financial assistance and contri-
butions of furniture would aid a new group im-
measurably. After these preliminary steps were
taken, the new group would serve a period of pro-
bation before being accepted permanently by inter-
sorority (.‘ouncil.

The possibilities are definitely Worth investigating.
There are many outstanding independents possess-
ing the necessary leadership to instigate such action.
if there are even thirty or forty \vomcu interested
in joining the soroi‘ai fold. lllt‘i‘t' should bc a strong
leader capable of coordinating the group‘s efforts.

Whether State actually needs one or more addi-
tional sororities, t-ithci' scctariaii or iioii»scctariaii,
is questionable. Thc advantagcs and disadvantages
of thc sororai system should be carcfully t'ousltlt'i‘ctl
before any steps arc takcii.

Servicemen's Christmas

;\ll ycar \i‘c'vc ltt't‘ii l‘t‘lllllitli'tl that lllt'l‘t' is iiiorc
to do than sit and wait for our illt’il in sci‘vicc to
conic lltilllt'. \\'c‘vt- bi-cu proddi-d into participation
iii the war on the home front. Yes, we‘ve seen
action, and we're proud.

Should Wt‘ bc askcd to sit and wait. lhc words
\vould bc int-t with accusations of “Sabatcur!” or
"Fool!" lint this is today‘s iiicssagc to tliosc who
would scrvc.

Along with our ('hristiiias vacation tiiliit‘ holiday
furlough.» for hundreds and hundreds of Iltt‘ii of lllt'
Armed Forces. The railroads and bus Iiiics cannot
accommodate all of lllt‘ holiday ti'aVclci's, and the
plans of sonic must be frustrated.

We’re not expected to remain away from home
during the (Tliristinas season, but surely we can .imy
home, refusing any invitations to travel to other
cities. it’s our turn to sit and wait, to let service-

men make use of the transportation facilities.

it will be much easier to wish it scrviccman Merry
Christmas, knowing that We may have helped him
to get home.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, DECEMBER“, 1943

The Thirteen Again

To the Editor:

What has happened to democracy?
I am quietly going beserk from see-
ing the large-scale favoritism that is
going on in the sophomore class. It's
my pet peeve that in the Class of ’46,
the some people are always selected
to head the committees and take
charge of its activities. Their hen-
pecked president used to be a. swell
fellow, but he's been run down to a
basic skeletal structure by a pack of
females with exhibitionistic tenden-
cies. This pack controls the presi-
dent and the class.

Now '46 has no shortage of ability
—they're a talented group. But any
human who is mentally healthy can
easily see there are a great many
sophomores other than the Chosen
Few who are every bit as capable of
accepting responsibility. But they
aren't given a chance because God’s
Children. the Terrible Thirteen, have

established their autocratic little
clique in the place of control. The
one exception to this hard and fast
rule was the Campus Day skit. For
that small blessing we are extremely
grateful. However, on the whole, it
is a rank situation.

other classes have the right idea—
but a lesson on “How to Have an
Integrated Cooperative Class" inlght
be well taught to ’46. Let their cast
and committees consist of represent-
atives from each different group——
residence hall. sorority. non—sorority.
or commuter—and give the campus
factions a chance to stop subversive
activities and work together. Bring
the talent and leadership of others
out of the shadows. Have a co—
operative, interested Class of '46.
Down with the Chosen Few! Down
with Dictatorship!

Just Plain Bitter.
Class of '45.

 

The Critic Debates

By Verna

Last Tuesday night I walked down
to Huested to the debate wondering
if I would have any company in
the audience. recalling the age-old
problem of how debaters always
struggle to get anything that fairly
resembles an audience here at State.
not, mind you that it is any different
from most other colleges. But my
worries were for naught; the mir-
aculous had happened; “Mine Eyes
Have Seen the Glory” eteetera. et-
cetra. I had some thirty-two living
and breathing souls to listen with
me, and incidently. to enjoy them-
selves with me.

The. shall I say. dis-oiiss-ion for
the evening was on the question of
whether the PO. or the Commons
is the center of culture at State Col-
lege. a type of forensic heckllng.

As it turned out the question
scented to be Niiws vs. Commons or
Miss Ryan vs. the Coca Cola Co.
In case you don't follow me, that
effervescent product called the
“coke” was tagged a cultural stimu-
his and presented as Exhibit A by

 

S. Bcbbold
the defenders of the Commons,
where I take it, said coke may soon
be found. The defenders of the
P. 0. where, the “creme de la creme"
may be found tquote Mr. Kiley)
offered it tip as a hallowed and re-
vered spot at State College. Kip
Marsh and Sound Cooper did a
witty job of backing their side.
Our critic was especially enchanted
by the “knee of lab table" pose
adopted by the rebuttal man for
the P. 0.. Mr. Kiley, and the ease
with which the venom was added
so neatly. Well done, sir!

Gertrude Myers deserves credit
for stepping in at the last minute
to uphold the honor of the Com-
mons for Lucille Kenny. unavoid-
ably absent, and Elaine Drooz gave
punch to arguments in scathing
tones—all in fun. of course.

The desieion goes to those who
upheld the P. 0. Their delivery was
better and their arguments were
better. Their opponents unfortun-
ately turned the Debate into “The
News vs. the Commons.

 

 

Wat/uh!

 

It occurred to me that with
Christmas nearing~ and even my
blighted soul warms up come Santa
Claus time-wit would be appropriate
to use my column as a kliid of
Christmas card. And, after musing
on the subject. for a while. I became
convinced that my Christmas greet-
ings would be offered lf‘--Slll'])l'lSL‘——
the faculty of State College.

Dear faculty. I don’t know why
long ago you didn't take a collective
baseball but. and beat our brains out
and thus end the matter quickly.
Or perhaps 1 am over-stating the
case. by using the word "brains." I
have, watched you ask some simple
qtlcslioiis’. having an important bcar-
ing on thc entire course, and all of
its llit\'t‘ sat with blank faces and
ciiipty «yrs, and ()llt'i't‘tl no aiiswt-i'.
Aiut you have sigiicd, but only faint-
ly. and started tciichlng us all ()Vl'i‘
again. I liavc watched you luiiid
buck t'.‘\'ttlll papers. which almost
everyone has flunki-d. and you have
said. "i guess I made this ()llt‘ too
tough." and you know, and we knew.
that the fault lay all with Mic stu-
tlciits.

Dear faculty. 1 tiiiiiik you now loi'
your coiiliiiucd courtcsy and toi'tu
bcai'uiicc. lib wc llllltltlll' throuin tlic
bunliicss known as i.'.cttliit.', a lilil‘l‘ili
ctllltiiltloli. And the crcdu lli';-. cn—
lil't'i)’ on yotir side. if some of us do
actually. once. uubcllcvably. havo
.~.oiucthiug i't'sctiiblllii; a thought. I
thank you for your foi'ebcaruiicu
when none of us roads the books
that are required reading. I thank
you for overlooking the tact, that a
great many thoiiies how u suspch
ousiy familiar tinge, as if they'd
been handed down for years and
years. it's nice of you to let us
think we've fooled you. Good for an
inferiority complex.

Door faculty, thank you for be-

 

liy IHIONA RYAN

ing courteous. As in those days when
half the class has cut. and you re—
sist the temptation to point. out. the
fact that you have to come to class.
regardless. And when we make som -
particularly stupid t-i'ror showing all
too clearly that we're missing the
whole point of the subject. and you
don't throw up your hands. and ask
us whether we're in kindergarten or
college.

Dcai‘ faculty. thank you for being
understanding when we conic \vccp-
ing into your offices after thinking
a iiild semester. or doing something
liltil't‘ than ordinarily foolish, or
having our love llvcs go wrong. You
must harc heard it all bcfoi'c. biit
you always manage to act as if it
were soiiit-lhiiin llt'\\' and different
and iiiipoi'tiuit. ’i‘hc iiusc had noth-
ing on you.

Dciu' faculty. in short. thank you
for ovcrythhig. Wc. your gram-loss.
iicai' lllllt‘l‘illt‘. forgetful and sci-in-
ingly hopeless studcuts. won‘t turn
out qultc as badly as we might be-
causi- vou‘Vc ll‘lt'tl so hard to make
i'nlloniil rt-ai-ainiiblc brings out ot us.
All through our lives lllt'l'l' will lic
moments when things you’ve said
will be i’t‘ilit‘iillll‘i'l‘tl, and facts
\ou'vc pouiaitd into our protcstnui
licuds will he suddenly list-tut. And
l'iu afraid that's about all the re—
wai'd you'll ticl. And i have a sus-
plclou it's about the oiiiy reward you
want. Thank you for being that
way it's nice to know lllt'l't' are
people who will sacrifice so much
for so little.

Door faculty. ti merry, merry
(lhrlstiiiiis. And it New Your bring-
ing you students who always do
term papers on time, always know
the answers. and love. their work as
much as you do. Just about the op-
posite of us. You deserve them.

 

he“

at

W.

by KIPPY MARS"

PRESENTING LILIAN ll.

We'd like you to meet a friend of ours—her name is
Lilian. Lilian's a cute kid. She doesn't always figure
t"e score out perfectly but there's not much that
escapes her pretty brown eyes. Right now Lilian’s got
something on her mind. It seems that not long ago a
rousing editorial proclaimed to the world at large that
what State College needed was tolerance and in its
huge hunks as possible. Lilian got a little sick of the
word tolerance being handled about and suggested at
a bull session of mbright young Juniors’ that maybe
a little understanding would go a long way. This pm-
voked a lengthy discussion of the merits of tinder-
standing. Certain notable incidents of intolerance
were brought forth such as name calling groups “d . . .
Jews." “d . . . Catholics" and “d . . . Protestants."

Last. night Lilian wrote the nightly letter to John.
her boy friend. who is in Italy. Lilian has always
talked over everything with him and she \'fllllt'(l to
ask him about this. But it didn’t look right when
she got, it. down on paper. What could she say? “Dear
John—~Which do you think is betterwtolcranec or
understanding?" The words lay baldly on the papcr.
Lilian stared at them long minutes before she reached
out and slowly tore the paper to bits.

POSTSCRIPT

Forum recently released the names of soldier cor-
respondents to 'he girls who signed up to lighten the
cares of the Sr ‘rice men. We would like to quote a
letter received from a State soldier about a recent
column of ours.

“ . . . write a letter!" My pal hasn't seen one yet
and neither have I but they are welcome at any time.
Lord knows that letters fill in lots of lonely spaces.
The folks at home should really go out of their way to
write. A fellow gets a lot of thinking time in the
Army".

Maybe this is the soldier whose name you i'('('f‘l\’t'(l
in the Student Mail. Have you written that letter yet?

ltAII. RAH

We talk a lot about college spirit. Here's what one
soldier thinks about it. "Of course there is nothini.r
wrong with endeavoring to produce spirit and coopera-
tion in any institution but it should also be remem-
bered that enthusiasm and cooperation cannot be pro—
duced by over-emphasizing petty meaningless activities.
Can you imagine even for a moment the Russians
heroically defending Stalingrad because they were
inspired by the spirit of '46; or thousands of Chinese
giving their lives in support of an animal Junior PromfJ
. . . . Real school spirit—in truth. and spirit—~ean be
obtained only through common objectives. common
beliefs—ideas and ideals that we really believe in and
that mean something to us." This letter is from Sid
Weinman. stationed at Miami Beach.

We also have another letter from Lt. Ed Erwin. '37.
Camp Rucker, Alabama who says " . it seems that
the activities. the spirit. the customs and traditions
are all carried on in the manner which I knew. I am
glad for that is State. I noticed the item about the
Fresh marching around the auditorium singing “Life
Is Very Different." It. was ten years ago that. 1' did
that.

See what. I mean?"

INCIDEN’I‘M.

A/(l "t‘l'lllilll Biumcl has bccn stationed in llasic
Flying School at Cil't.‘('ll\\'()ti(l Mississippi . . . l'l'c. Hanti
l'orcino was assigned to Fort Ontario . . . l.l. Hob (lor-
inaii. ‘39. is now at. Jefferson Medical College in Phila—
delphia. Pit. doing classification woi'k . . . Pursuing
knowledge at l\/Il’l‘--~-but only during lllt' week is llili
Mai-stand. “it . . . . Pvt. Paul liulgci‘. who gave up his
former dignified llllt' as Director of sun. is stationed
now in Camp [.icc. Virginia . . . Daniel llucci has llt‘t‘li
i'ciiioVI-d l'roin Savannah. Georgia to an AM) liillllllt'i'.
, , l’rivatc Bernie Skolslty is now studying radio in
’l‘i'utix li‘icld. Madison. Wisconsin . . . (‘liarlic ltt-yiiolds
has bci-n assigned to ciighiccriiig training courses. at
Ni-wui'k College in Ni-w .lcrscv . . . l.t. .lohii Ncuhs coin—
pluiniiig that he has been lost in thc shufilt- titlilli'h‘lit'l't‘
at State (‘oilvgi' is with a ionihor Sq. lil i\liich|l
l“lt‘l(l, Alubuiiiu.

I’ul Is issuing it call to all you .‘diltllt‘l' boys in lhc
class of "it They ai'c tillllllillill, u spccial scctioii which
will lit' (ll‘\’tilt‘(l to informal picturcs of thc boys in
Service. Ho sciid what you ii:ch or taki- sonic picturcs
and send thciii to Home l'illl‘l‘lllil. Miikc it an cxtia
spct'lul scction for us and for you.

WRONG Nliillltlilt

Wi- lii't‘ iiol llll‘lillll', iiilo a (‘oinphilnts di-pai'liiiciit
bill a favorite topic in llit' l’. (i. latciy coiicci'iis the
question why. when you call (illilliilll Kap. dot-s a
liiulc \‘oicc uiisu‘t't' “l’ollt'c Station."

Weekly Bulletin”“

I’I'III I’IHNDI'N NI‘IH
.\ll sloth-tits who liart- -\l"“ l'”"l-‘ I‘d“) 'i"‘l”""lk‘
that all sciiioi'w ulid Ilflll
K “"4" _\i'tll' stitdi-iitn who still
proof.» to Iio- tiuslav lull‘t‘j lilllt' tin-tr I'oliti-i'~ I‘I‘llll‘ll
lllt'lll ltl llIt‘ Hl'ill ol'l'it‘i- lll'
l'iil't' lllt' lit'gllilllllg “l
t‘hristiiiiis vacation

    

 

 

not yl~l I't‘ilil‘lll'il
Hilltllttn. must do so iit
oiict» .\ll_\ttllt' who falls to
l‘t‘lill‘ll Friday.
llt't‘t'llilll'l‘ 17. will not he

ahlo 'io have it |)lt‘llil‘t' III “I,” “PM,” “I ll \ M
'1‘" l“"' .au if: »t‘lasac.~f . i‘i'suiut'.
Mary Iloiuuiili, "ll. H:ltl A. M.
Editor. Jan. 7 Junior i‘lini's han-

|ii‘iiol'.~ by .
I‘.\I.l‘2Nll.\ It
Iii-c. l? (‘lii'isliiias vacii

 

 

Bert. Kiley

 

In the winter a young man's
fmicy lightly turns to thoughts of
getting out of buying Christmas
pres-cuts.

Finding ourselves in our Christ—
mas. New Year's and per usual
state of grandiose good intentions
and completely without the means
of carrying them out. we shall sat-
isfy the intrinsic altruism of our
nature and stay within the limits
of our precarious solvency by
sti'cwing little oil.» via the Out Bin.
Close Your Eyes

Of course you have already had
your big pi‘csfliiwa dcccnt, column
for your perusal as served up by the
NIHVH' legend. Lt. Andrew 'I‘akas.
The rest will be as lumps of coal
in the suspended stocking.

First we shall .st‘litl a large packet
of pins to Colgate for the boys to
pin up Mlle. Di-Cormicr's very piti-
upable picture.

When we come to Myskania we
are faced with the difficulty of
what to give to people who seem to
have everything. But We have a gift
that should touch thcmﬂnine coni-
fortable chairs for the weekly ap-
pearance.

We'd just. like to say “thanks” to
Carr Pangburn for passing up a
cozy 4F for the Merchant Marine.
He didn't have to go.

To our fair ones and MAA we
dream up several big husky fellows
come second semester, Great stuff.
this marijuana.

Bacilii and Viri

Here is another offering to the
populace; especially those suscepti-
ble to colds. influenza. grippe and
scarlet fever: room temperatures
in the environs of 68-72 F. relative
huinidities of more than 30. and a
few sanitary drinking fountains that
do not serve hike-warm water.

We give to Inter-Sorority Council
a new member—a democratic and
intelligent sorority. Yes. we actual-
ly think it. can be done.

We mark “fragile” and ship to
Pvt. John Sussina a bottle of lini—
ment for that sore arm that must
be keeping him from writing.

To the faculty of the institution
we proffer a student. who is neither
a retnative-memory stooge nor dead
weight. but a real 180 proof scholar;
to the students some functional ed—
ucation courses.

Our colleague Ryan. Rhona will
get a letter telling her that her
column is manifique and the only
intelligent thing in the paper. etc.
etc.

My God. Sports!

The basketball team gets a win
over the Business C(illt‘gc tonight.

The Pt'tlttllll’lilt' Li't'lh' oui‘ picture
and $2.50. which should be enough
for anybody.

Music Council gt‘ts a pretty or-
chid for providing us with first
class cntcrtuinincnt (llii'lilu our tcn—
urc here. I) and A already has our
life—blood via thc Al) play route.

That just about empties the sack
except. for a one-way ticket back
to State, ("Ohio the big clean-up.
for all you boys and girls who wear
the GI.

So gather round the Yule it): and
permit us to add our fiat baritone
to the chorus and say:

Mci'i'y t‘lii'istiiuis. kiddies
l'un.

 
 

ha vc

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1943

Basketball Game
Tonight; Eagles
To Meet ABC

Hammond, Fancher Lead
State In First Showing

The 1943 version of State's bas-
ketball team will open its season
tonight. meeting the Albany Busi—
ness College quintet on the Page
boards.

The State attack will probably
be centered around Regis "Hep"
I'lainmond. Playing the supporting
roles Will be Bert Kiley. '44. Al Balk,
Bob Dickinson and Fred Fauchcr,
freshmen. Doubtful starters are
ioriner varsity cagcr Dave Lehman,
now a member of the junior class
and junior transfer George Yamin.
Both these boys may find it impos-
sible to get the necessary time off
from work.

ABC “as Felt. l’incli

The Business College. as have all
:c‘..ools. has felt the pinch of the
manpower shortage. They. too.
have been working with an abbre—
viated squad of eight men and have
also cxpcricnccd difficulty in ur-
ranging practices. In contrast. to
thc State aggregation. which is
strictly an undergraduate affair.
the Business College will be under
the tutelage of their regular coach.
Art Lee.
l’ractice Trouble

The flu. jobs and uncertainty of
a schedule have combined to work
against the State quintet. However,
Bert Kiley. MAA head. has promis-
cd intensive drills after New Year's
in preparation for games that are
being negociated. Contests with the
Siena Frosh. Union B team and in-
dependent. and military fives are
planned.

Due. to the fact. that the old uni-
forms were given away and new
ones have not yet been obtained.
the team will cavort in borrowed
Milne jerseys.

intramural Pin League

Will Start in January

WAA‘s intramural bowling league
will get under way immediately fol-
lowing the Christmas vacation. So
far. there are only six teams signed
up for the league. These include:
Kappa Delta, Phi Delta, Beta Zeta,
Farrell House. Commuters Club, and
Psi Gamma. last year's trophy win-
ners.

Clara Hill. ‘46, captain of bowling.
expects. however, that the rest of
the sorority and group houses on
campus will enter teams in the let -
guc.

Practice and league games are
held 3:30 on Tuesdays and Thurs—
days at Rice‘s bowling alloys. The
cost. is only twenty cents a game,
and after fifteen games are coni-
pictcd a refund of sixty cents may
bc obtained from WAA.

At the moment. the greater per-
cciitagc of bowlers is to be found
amour. the freshmen. It. is earnest.-
ly l‘cqucstt'd that. more uppcrciass—
iiit‘li t‘tillit‘ out. for the sport.

The girls” ping pong tournament
has goltcii off to a fairly good start
with five inatchcs being played in
the first week. 'i'hcrc were :it) girls
signed up originally. which lcavcs
ton of the primary matches to be
coiiipli'tcd.

So far. Marilyn Kinny. has dcfcat-
cd Alice liiwiug; Flo (inrfall won
ti\‘l'l' .liinicc itcbcii: iatcillc ltiipp
vanquished .loy licckci's: Kit iici'd-
man conqucrcd Sally Whitcoinb; and
I‘m Atkins licat l“i'llll McCormick.

lit-cause ol' llit‘ spirich iiuci'ci.t
shown this year and llit' unusuth
largo llllllilil‘i‘ of participants it “til
probably takt- sonic lliiit' for thc
tourney to he concluded.

Matches may he played on Moii~
day, Wctliicsduy uiul l“l'l(lllj’ froiii
:l::itl to ‘lilill p. in. in the Page ilall
gyiu. li‘urthcr information may bi-
secured from Dot (ircgory.

'l‘hosc iiitcri-sti-d in obtaining WAA
credit must hith llll't‘t‘ supervised
and seven outside hours.

son was getting
spectacle below dispelled any qualms
we may have had in respect to our

Straub who

to gain the title.
eelient serve.
era] of them was the main reason for

 

RIOE ALLEYS

Western & Qutlil
15o a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to ti PM.

Emil .l. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario at Benson St.

Basketball Scrimmage Underway;
Unpredictable Season Expected

Amidst flying balls and violent

scrimmages we peered timidly over

the balcony in the gym in an at-
tempt to see how our basketball sea-
underway. The

athletic prowess for the coming
season.
As a powerful overhead pass

whizzed by we noticed that it had
been
Shoupie.
omen. In previous years the league
games have been sadly lacking in
good passwork.

thrown by the dynamic
Perhaps this is a good

In swift succession we get a
glimpse of Groden, Garfall and

played on Newman

Hall's team last year and did a

bang-up job of pulling their squad
up to second place in the league.

Slackie and Gette Dunn were also

in their regular places on the has-
kctball court.
sports—demons filled their positions

As usual. these two

more than capably.

After taking a quick glance at the
veterans out for practice. we noted
that the number is relatively small
in comparison to the representatives
of the freshman class who turned

out. Gloria Baker and Fran Mc-
Cormack. both of the class of ‘47.

Sophomore Wins

MAA Tourney

Bob Ferber is the men's ping pong

champion of State after beating Phil
Loshinsky last Tuesday in the final
match of the MAA tournament. The
contest was close.
F‘crber

Lashinsky and
alternated wins for four
games but Ferber took the ﬁnal one
Bob has an ex-
Failure to return sev—

Lashinsky's defeat. Bill Dickson is
reportedly the only one to have
beaten Ferber in ping pong here at
State.

After vacation MAA will begin its
winter program. Due to the shortage
of manpower. smaller basketball
teams will be experimented with.
Three man teams may be tried. In
this way it is hoped that a league
can be formed.

Instruction in boxing will also be
given. It is the intention of MAA
to draw all physically able men into
its athletic program. The absence
of any regular gym classes for the
men makes this necessary.

The Page Hall gym is available for
use of MAA Tuesday and Thursday
nights. and will probably be open to
them some afternoons during the
week.

The MAA pool tournament is at. It
temporary standstill. Someone moved
the Saylcs Hall pool table so that it
i: .iow impossible to Lise it. The
tlcadlin. for completion of the tour-
ney was Dec. 17. but. since there are
only two more matches to be played.
the champ will be decided after
Christmas vacation. Kaufman is to
play the winner of the Kiley-floss
inalcli to finish up the tourney.

compare very favorably with the
best products of any court.

Having considered our stars of
former teams and the new and
powerful material apparent in the
class of ‘47. we feel that this season
will probably be more exciting than
last when the winner (D-B-C's
powerhouse) was known before the
league even began. With the break-
up of the Delta Beta Chi's, this
year's league is much more evenly

divided. and the outcome is far
from certain. Each team has its
strong points and its individual

stars.

KD has a powerful group with
Herdman, Townsend and Sander-
son in the lineup. But Chi Sig with
Garfall. Latimer and Domann, and
BZ with LaSalie and Dunn 100m as
strong competition.

Newman Hall will put an experi-
enced and capable team on the
field. O'Neil. Groden. Straub and
Maggie have all seen action.

Another strong combination is a
so far nameless team which stars
the invincible Slack.

No team from Saylcs has yet ap-
peared and only one from Pierce is
signed up. Sanderson urges that
more representation from the dorms
be made.

Senior Life Saving To Begin

All girls who are interested in
swimming and Senior Life Saving
courses sign up on the sheet on
WAA's bulletin board. To date. only
ten people have done so.

———-— Margo Byrne

   
 

PAGEi

 

M64943:
{ac

Ema

 

We are hereby wishing everyone
a very Merry Christmas. Full of
cheer. although slightly croupy, we
hope that everyone eats too much
and sleeps too much so that she
feels the need of lots of healthy
exercise to maintain a safe balance.

Our reasoning goes like this, if
you all get in the habit of going
skiing and skating and tobogganing
in the -next couple of weeks. maybe
you won't be able to break it when
you return to ye olde institution of
learning. Then, my children. all
next semester you will go out and
get worn out in the service of WAA,
fall into bed at the desired early
hour and sleep a full eight or nine
hours a night. Then Dr. Green will
not have cause to complain about
the various sneez-es, sniffles and
epidemics she has been treating the
past couple of weeks. And Dean
Stokes' problems in regard to quiet
hours will be solved and the sports
reporters will show up bursting
with bits of news.

In short, a beautiful peace will
descend on all our lives and healthy
happy smiling faces will be legion.

THE LITTLE GIANT KILLER or
TENNIS wao AT TIMES TOOK THE.
MEASURE or SUCH GREATS AS VINES,
BUDGE, SHIELDSMOOD, err.

BITSY’S.
A PRIVATE/II
THE U. S. ARMY NOW
AND YOU CAN HELP
HIM CHOP T/tE
AXIS DOWN “lb/its SIZE
BY BUYING

WAR BONDS

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

i98 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try our liusiiiessuuin's Lunch

DIAL 5—1913

OAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

OUSTAVE LOREY
STUDIOS

 7°33

i
i
i
i

i
Phone 3-1514

91 State Street

 

U. S. Trcaritry Department

 

6000 FOOD

in a Friendly,
(‘oin i'oi'talilc

Atmosphere

“lows

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

