 
      
  
    
    

 
 
  
    
   
       
        
       
  
    
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  

          

   
   
   
     
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 4

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1943 .

 

 

WAA Offers

Various Sports
In Fall Eran

‘71.;
0d

 

 

Bert Kiley——
This is the story of a fellow who

Designated at Meeting

The hero is that columnist non-
pareil. Herbert Leneker. Yes, it is
strange to see Herb’s name in the

discussed in detail.

see the Oat-binners in the Service
column.

meeting.
' Archery, under the captaincy of

It was last year about this time Helen Bushnel, ’45, will- be held on only

when the setting September sun was
lengthening the shadow of Albany Wednesdays and Fridays
 across the Page  field. An Winnie Lulkowski’ 146'  Super_
underdog KDR team was battling vise badminton on the Dorm field
the powerful Potter Club outfit to Tuesdays and Thursdays at 3.30.
a 6‘6 mm" A 30 yard run 0“ 2‘ Tennis is now played at3:30 Tucs—
pass interception by BOP Leonard days, Thursdays and Fridays on the
had put the Lake Avenue boys. 9"“ Washington Park courts. but these
from and tmoughom ‘1 brmsmg dates are liable to be changed in the
afternoon they mid playecl Power on near future due to the inability of
even terms' yiemmg PM one score' the co-eaptains, Dot Smith, ’45, and
The ferocity of the contest, Potter's Helen Stuart .45. to be Dresmt at
reserve Strenth and the {Pot that'these times. The captains hope a
the ﬁlm game 0f the year ‘5 “PL to large number of girls come out. for
ﬁnd the boys a little out of shape. the coming. tournaman
combined to take its toll of the six, _ I
KDR men who were playing without. Rivalry Sport
substitutes. K Hockey, under the guidance of
. . , Mary Now. ‘45, and Eileen Slioup, '46.
"mrbrmth Herbert Gives A” takes place on the Dorm field Mon—
F‘inaily with a minute to play and days, Wednesdays and Fridays at
the ball in midfield in Potter’s pos- 3.30. The“, dates may also be
5955mm Dle Bmc“ Who had mayo,“ i changed, so that a larger number of
the “mt three quarter“ ,0“ 1115.1'i'eshincn and sophomores who are
Strength “ml the 1MP 0“ “15 "WY": engaged in Freshmen Orientation
failed to rise from ‘1 l’ne'ul)‘ A PH“ and sophomorc Ed. 10, may come out
examination Showed mm Bead" v for the sport. This is a rivalry sport
While “Ob serious”, Injured' had had , and the participation should be large
enough football f'or one ﬂflt.‘l'lli)l;l}.‘and new,“
As Beach was helped from the fic c .l ' . t I _ '
. , .  . , l Theie was .i good crowd out 101
the Stand“) wm? "scanned 101 a KDR‘vollcy-ball this wcck. and the co-
mﬂn' lcapliiins arc Leah Tischlcr, 3L), and
The genial Homo“- hﬂfl PM“ Phyllis Cfll‘])(‘il|('i'. '40. ’i‘licgainc is
watcmng the mayhem “'"h H‘“ playle on tlic Dorm field Tuesdays
Pleasant glow Hm" "alumni; OHM“ and 'l‘liui'sdays at 3:30. and at 2:00
get massed up the sideline always on 811mm.”‘ernmn.
gives one. nonclialant y humming .'l Riding with Jun“ Clm‘k “H and
tune 311mb, [he “33‘1"” £1  mlml'ld i Betty Clough, ‘45, as co-captains. will
yoggngic :1]£2311?(inablgillfl'mrod. .bc cvcry Saturday morning at, l0:00.

the Dorm field at 3:30 on Mondays,

 

 

li‘or ci'cdit. tln'cc siipcrviscd hours

it , j . ii . ..
Hey. LUWkU- plus scvcn hours tcstificd to by a.
“ch?” writtcn stntcmcnt from the riding
“Get in them" ‘lllllh'lf'l‘, :ll't‘ nccdcdz
“Meg” ‘ 'l‘lns scason promiscs to bc a very

' ' :activc one. More sports will he offer-
“You!

‘cd if enough interest is shown.
At this point Herbert looked about . . .. __

him. The Potter boys stood llllllillwl
iently around. They were now in:
that mellow mood that not. winning

Kiley Stumps Adams;
always .' emcd to irouse in th 'in. , r
Theysus'gttcd parched lips with thcirl Offers New 5 10b

tongue. Herbert was not sur.‘ they
weren‘t licking them in anticipation,l TO Noted RGporler
Herbert looked at the razor crease of _._.___
his blue pin-stripe suit. Hcrbi rt I
viewed the hungry tiger look of"
Paratroopers-to-bc. Siissina and A(.(.m.din. m m, n, v
, .. v - inn (1 man
Evans. Herbert considered his dcll—i P l 'V

, _ V talents, our sports editor. hc
cately chiseled profile. He also con- i almost DUI-“m,de Cum/(.11
sldercd the '

g , "‘“rdcrous Charge "1 Adams, to bccomc a porinancnt
future Mmm" Ham‘m- I H 3 addition to this talcntcd group.

I havem “Hy Sll("‘kcl'“" he OHM“ f CilSWi'll Adams writcs thc col-
ed' l mini "()n Thc Linc" in King

Sneakers were stripped from the [dentin-cs, Sh- Bcrirnm, who
fallen Beach. 1 is an authority on matters of

And now Herbert realich what , lllt‘ Slml'llnu World upon I'Uﬂtllnff
was asked of him. in the glorious, the column one day discovered
days of McCrcary and Bull. Herbert that Ml‘- Alllllllﬁ llml “131th it
would discharge his obligations to Elli:th llll-‘ilﬂlﬂﬁ WlH'l'f‘lllmH 0111'
old KDR by supplying sonic rcpartcc “(limb WllU lllSlSlS Him“ “(5-
at thc evening meal, or what. was: CUHICN ﬂl- “Hy “051 \Vl'Ulf' ‘0 MP»

 

Ono ncvcr knows what will
app air on thc sports staff iicxi.

morc rarc, by rushing a new f‘rcsh-l Adams ciiliglncniiiu him.
man. i "l-lowcvcr" lic addcd inngnaml-

I’lcrbcrt clenched his teeth and‘ ()“Sl‘v‘ "Y‘m 6”“ “Wily” hm,“
laced tho Sneakers. AS I“, mmvmd. a job on tho S'r/vrr: (fountain:

Nicws.” Mr. Adams wrote, back
thanking Mr. Kiley and sccmcd
Vcry louchcd at the offer of a

over the last. knot. reflecting that in.
more inhumane institutions the con-l
demncd was given a hearty mcui.l . .. ..
an unknown f'i'icnd said. “Have you J‘m' l “m wry “WI 1‘” hm”
paid your Student. ’l‘as?" llcrnc't 1”" WWI." Hum" I “my “hi/“W
wavered. but jum‘ 1-0]. u” “15mm. A have a. job on tho S'ra'rI-z (incident:
fur-off voicc sci-mod to bc wlilspcr— NEW” M" A‘,‘"'”” ““w‘ww
ing. “Dulcc ct, dccoi'un cst pro— rmlmml “H” mm'“ “H WW”
{mummy Hump WU“ Something, writers must ilili‘l'lil tho collcgc.
of Am” mm, In NH “Hum”, he sum it. would placc him in a very
“yes.” embarrassing position with his
. , .t ‘ I” _ coilcngucs.
“HI I‘m“ ‘0 “H' lu'Mut Which only goes to show
As Herbert. strode upon the field mm m.- mm is “(HHI um
hc wondered why he had iichr be-

good for the S'ryrr: (Yoi.l.r;uu
fore noticed what a brutlsh look1 Nam. .‘illfll'lH staff.
Young bud.

As Herbert (Ifll‘t!.‘i.‘ll‘(l,l
OTTO ll. MENDE

perhaps for the last time the cxpcil- ‘
THE Contact: JkWElJi"

 

sive fabric of his best shirt, the ruf- "
ercc blew his whistlc; the cxccutlon- l
ers lined up. "Wait a minute." came
the voice of an MAA mcmbcr. “Lcnc- I
kcr hasn't been examined."

Ah so llcrbert Lcncker was saved
to write his immortal column for
posterity.

 

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

Captain: and Locations

 

MW
lo

Margo Byrne
The women’s sports department
has decided to make a truly magnifi-

cent effort in the interest of its read-
ers. We are going to present some

 

 

Kit Herdmfm. ’43. WAA president. more True Life Adventures. Surely
ﬁlmOSl’: DIBYEd a game 0f fOOtban- .held a council meeting last Wednes-

you remember the lady commandos

day! 311d the fall Sports program was which we sponsored last year.
The captains,
times and places of the various fall of our stooges out on assignments
Sports page. but no more so than to ,sports were decided upon at the

The idea is that we send a couple

that we would rather be caught dead
than do ourselves. The results are
frequently intriguing. If you had

spread-eagled on the eight foot Com-
mando-training wall! Too bad the
wall is dismantled or we would de-
mand a repeat performance in the
interest of escape entertainment.
When the intrepid Hyllnd was
notified of the trial by briar, meaning
that she was to take the open ahorse,

everything. What the
wave of the arm accompanied this
rash statement. which we intcrpert-
led as a subconscious inclination to
’use her limbs while they were still
l'movable .
This is just a brief rcmlndcr to
freshmen and sophomores that.
hockey is a rivalry sport and if you
ai'e interested in corralling that
y handsome silvcr urn. the hockey fra-
gcas is worth two points. mighty usct‘ul
,in case of a close score, you must
admit.
, While \vc do rcalizc that lllt'
Wt'fllllt'l'lllflll was inosl imcoopcralivc
‘in rcspcct, lo the WAA tcnnls tour—
‘itanicnt last. fall, it docs sccm that
‘thc single match rciiiiiining at '11c‘
:cnd of' tlic scason could havc bccn
‘playcd off at sonic off momcut. For
tlic tinic bcinn th“ wcatlu-r sccnis Io
ibc holding out wcll cnougli. So ll’l.Vv
‘thc l'l'lllillllflt'l' of tlic work rcsts wall
the contestants.

 

lHammond Discloses

Men’s Football Plans

in a brief interriiw this morning
.in thc nicn's i'ickcr room, ltcgis
lllxnninonrl. who i; in clizirgc of llli‘
imcn's intramural l.cagnc. disclosed
ithat, lhc tln‘cc if'tllil}. in tlic football
ilcngnc will bc posted and gamcs
lstarted ncxt. wck.
W1 h a haunting siiiilc. Hammond
'cnthusiastically said. “Thc cxccl-
llcnt comncration r 1' :ill thc men liiis
greatly facilitated what was con—
sidorcd at tho beginning of tlic yciir
as “through.” He \vcnt. on and dc-
‘('l1ll'(‘(l, “'i‘hc cullbcr of playing lit‘c'l
not bc as good as in the past, how-
cvcr, a high spirit. will pi'cvuil.”
Coach Bertram Kilcy, who has

 

bccn plnccii in charge of all
men's atlilctics during llic cnl-
cndiir ycar. was ovcr-joycd with

Hammond's :ittiludc. and hopes for
:i succcssf‘ul scason.

Addcnda Due to the fact. that
Ilici'c will be vcry tcw nicn watch-
lng lhc gumcs. onc of the many
handsome pluycrs has rcqucstcd
that thc womcn of State give their
support by attcnding all guincs.

Hammond Assists Kiley

ltcgis lliiminond. '44. has bccn
appoinlcd assistant. managcr of
MAA lo nslst llcrt Kiicy. l’rcsidciit
of MAA. 'l‘lic appointmcnt is nc—
ccssiiatcd by a widcr program than
was originally planncd.

 

lll'Il.P WAN'I‘I‘iI): Male—sports
rcporicr. ill; to work 'l‘ncsday
and “'cilncsday cvcnlngs. Must
lint bc girl-shy! Hcc Mr. Kilt-y,
Nian office. i

 

seen the DeChene glamoa

 

Ha, ha, pardon us while we gloat—
in 1941 they all laughed when Nora
Giavelli, ’45, signed up to compete
in the men’s tennis tourney—they
didn’t know that in only two short
years “due to etc." (stealing Mr.
Kiley’s stuff) competition between
men and women would become a
regular feature of the MAA program.
Yes, kiddies, here’s a chance to solvu
the age-old question of which sex
is really the weaker (being slightly
prejudiced, we take no side in the
discussion).

Ten people have signed up— seven
men and three women (help! what’s
happened to our ratio?). Let’s take
.a look at the possibilities of the
players in 1a Grantland Rice). Ladies
before—well, ladies first, anyway—
Nora Giavelli is a tournament vet-
eran. having won titles in Panama

 

she chortled, “Sure, we’ll go out for|
heck!" At

her original home) and in Albany.

 

Nora's amazing endurance and speed

will conic in handy when she meets;
Ed Cote. '47. Ed played in the num— .

her one position on the R.P.I. team
last ycar (watch out. Norah Josic
Simon. ’45. was one of the mainstays
of last. y ‘ill"H women‘s toui'ncy. "I
have a new racket, too," says Josic.
Flo Gai‘fali, '45, final member of thc
trio upholding the honor of Statc‘s
womanhood. won the shiny f?)
trophy in the 1941 contest. Flo's
smashing drives and quick rccovcrica
arc well-known to all. Sincc (liirfull
and (liavclli arc at oppositi- cnds of

Men Compete Against Women
In MAA’s Tennis Innovation .

’ y DeChene and Hylind

 

the bracket it is not unlikely that
the two may meet again in the finals.

Representing the men of State in
this epic and unique struggle are
Bob Ferber and Jim Miner, sopho-
mores. who finished second and
third in the men’s tournament last
year, the afore-mentioned Mr. Cote
of R.P.I. fame, “Dutch” Erbstein, '44,
and Mark Blount, '46, offer more
competition, while A1 Beninati and
Al Read, representing '47, are the
unknown quantities in the lineup
and may cause an upset.

In order to prevent any byes from
occuring in the ﬁnals (to those “ in
the know") a bye is a free ticket into
the next round), seven byes have
been scheduled in the first matches.
Mr. Kiley has kindly posted a list.
(suspended by one tack), of times
on the M.A.A. bulletin board. Bob
Ferber. ’47, in charge of the tourna-
ment. asks all those who have
matches scheduled in the first round
to play them off immediately.

The cycs of Siatc arc upon these
tcii iiitrcpld pionccrs in the field of
joint. (and we don‘t mean the \\’.'l‘.l
sports at State. What will bc the
outcome? Which scx will [now it.-
sclf superior? Who will win? tSo
you'rc wondcring tool! it ’l‘hc answer
to llicsc “(H dollar" qncstions will bc
givcn on tho Washington Park
courts. Cillllf' out and root for your
favoritcs!

 

WAA Plans

Net Tournament

'l'lic nmui sport cvcin ol' llll' fall
scnson. llll' wonicn's lciniis tourna-
lllt'lil, will bcgin as soon as (lcl'inilc
limcs can bc cslnbllulicd. cht wcck
ii slicct will bc postcd on llic WAA
bullctin board. All tliosc lntcrcstcd
lll'l' asle to stun up imnrcdiab-ly in
()l'fit'l' to lnsui'c complction of thc
lournamcnt bcl'orc wintcr bcgins in
i‘ul'llf'rl. Lust ycui"s jinx. tlic wcu-
tiicr. docs not sccni to bc in cri—
dcncc this full. giving \VAA l‘i‘ilbflll
to liopc lliat ilicrc will bc timc for
all inntclics to b" playcd and a tro—
phy to bc prcscincd to llli' winncr.

Wlicii thc sciisoii ciidcd liisl yciir,
thcrc was still onc match to bc play—
cd in llic 1042 tourney. Nora (liiivclli
and Flo (liirl‘ull wcrc sclicdulcd to
compctc for thc championship. Kit
l-lcrdinini. Prcsidcnl ol' WAA, has

dccidcd to disrcgni'd this rcniaining‘,

match. taking full advantagc of tlic
time still iivailiiblc for this ycnr's
compctitlon. "[.cl's start afresh,
rcnlly conccntrzning on making tlic
10-13 tournaincnt u liugc siicccss" is
Kil's vii-w on tlic snbjcct.

WAA is also iiitci‘cstcd in sccing
P‘l't)Sll ability along tcnnis lincs. 'l‘wo
ycurs ago it‘lo (liirl'iill, tlicn a i'i'csn-
man. was victorious in tlic coinpcti—
lion. As Kit pointcd out in an intcr—
vicw this wcck, “’l‘lu- contcsl is not
for pros. conic out and have a lot
of fun."

:Rurol Week-ends

Ai Camp Johnston
Will be Possible

War or no war, tlic wonicn of
H.(?’l‘. will most likcly bc :iblc
to li;l\t‘ tliosc lcgcnt’iary wcck—
cnds again ill Cnnip Johnston

that. cozy litllc shack just.
o.i:.«.idi- of Clintliain. As all up-
litl‘f'ldhrillltll know. it's c\cry—
thing any ruggcd. outdoors—loy-
ing fcniulc could dcsn‘c . sol't,
bunk bcds‘. ciisy (nuililllf. facili-
Iics and fl clici-i'tnl lircpliicc
winch is ii pci‘lccl biickn'oniid
for toasting marshmallows and
having a group sing. But not
to bc too f'iicitions, thcrc arc
wondcrf'ul acconnnialiitions l'oi'
skating. skiing. Iobogganing
and nicc long liikcs - a good
way to spcnd Friday through
Slilltllly-~(?Si)i‘Cllill)‘ hi this inali—
lcss. (iiitc-lcss cm.

11. looks as if this your the
gals must carry thcir food
tlicmsclvcs from Chatham-——no
transportation~thc war again!
And, as for transportation from
Albany to Chatlnim, trains run
frcqucntly. and if not too
crowdcd with soldicrs on fur—
lough. sailors on lcavc. et 111.,
you can casily gci back and
fourth (anyway wc liki- soldiers
on furlough, cit-Li

l“l'f‘Hllllli‘ll woincn and soror-
ity womcn arc allowed to go on
thcsc wcck-cnds iogcthcr.

 

 

 

G. P. LWBY

JEWELER

239 CENTRAL AVE.

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. Pum-

BOULEVARD

198 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

’l‘ry (lur linsincssman‘s Lunch

DIAL. 5 1913

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

SPORT ('().-\'I‘S
,_.-..._
MVEA’I‘ICRS
,._
SPORT Slilli’l‘h‘
_W.W
in (ircat Variety
AT
SNAPPY MEN'S
SHOP

221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

m saw. ...

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

    
 

  

.e. '~

.4

Til COLL

' ‘ 2W5” 

LlBRARY
EGE FOR 'T t

9

 
 

 

2-443

Activities Day
Program includes

New Tradition

Students To Sign Up
For Ext:a_-_C_la35 Work

This year's Activitlcs Day, sched-
uled to begin at 2 PM. tomorrow in
the Commons, undergoes several
changes. according to Hannclorc

Schocn. '44. General Chairman. The ‘

new plans include the inauguration
of a new tradition. Banner Ccrcmony
and an evening entertainment.
During lll’.‘ afternoon. l'i'cshincn
and transl‘cr studcnts will bc givcn
thc opportunity to acquaint thI-m-
sclvcs with cxtra-class actiiilics of
thc Collcgc. Thc organizations that
have lllOVf‘Cl to ncw of‘f'iccs in tlic
Commons will
hold Opcn house
while other ac—
tivities will bc
represented at
 tables cach group
" d c m o n strafing
,‘somc phase of
its work. Stu-
dents may sign
up for any acti-

vities which in-
lldnneloic h(ll()0lllm,est “mm. An

 

vr‘y’. 311—— .

 

information booth will also be set. up.
Organization Participants

Those organizations to be rcprc-i

scntcd include: WAA, Student. Chris-
tian Association. Newman Club, The
P(‘(lll{/Il[lll(‘, the Primcr, the S'rA'rn
Coi.i.iii:i~: Nicws, Press Bureau Music
Council, Drainatics and Art Coun-
cil. and P‘Ol'lllll, French Club, l’an
Amigos. Chem Club, international
Rolatzions Club, and
Christian Fellowship.
Banner Ceremony at 3:30

The banner ceremony will begin
at 3:30 with Miss Schocn presiding.
At this time. the f'rcslnncn will re-
ccivc their class banncr from the
Juniors. A new tradition concern-
ing the Senior Banner will be intro-
duccd.

After the ceremonies there will
be a further opportunity to sign up
for activities. Dancing in the Com-
riioiis will continuc until 5 PM.

The bonfire in the upper llorm
Fluid will bc lit at 024.") PM. Osiilf
Sei'ubccn. 'Kfti and Sylvia ’l‘rop, ‘
arc in chargc. At'tcr group singing
and thc traditional snakc dancc.
lhcrc will bc a piii‘iidc to tho Col—
lcgc \vlicrc tlici'c will bc cntcrtain-

mcnl undcr tlic dircction of .laincsl‘ldllinn llaiglit;
ll'li'llli; Cican-up. Arthur Russcll.

Mi'li‘ccly, 'sltl. tollmvcd by dancing.

Three Freshman Girls Norrofe

Tales of tile in N

by Held and McDonald
ncrcr [ward of it!
whcrc in thc world

()sliiigoli'lil
l’anu-s llollow

is that? licrlin lici'lin. (lor-
iiiiniy wc'rc liciird of
how! Wcll. at lcast thrcc of lhc

ncw li‘rcsluucn linrc conic from it
plucc fl‘fI'l/illif bus hcard about.
'l‘hcy'rc sccn and bccn it part of
llic llllll‘;h‘ wc'vc l'l‘ll(l in our ncws-
papcrs. books. and magazincs.
Stcfl'i l‘illl'llt'il has bccn away from
lici‘ mitivc lli'l'lill for flvc ycars. llcr
pnrcnts, who arc botli practicing
physicians. havc rcsuuicd tlicii' pro—y
l'cssion in liuidwin. Long lslund.
llci' :i'ciitcsl claim to finnc is thc
fact that slic is lill' urandniccc of

i

llr. l'uul l‘ilil'llt'll. dlscovcrci' of ll‘oi'me .H“, Wm”. M H“, Nu“ nmuugmakc appointments for pictures,

mula 100. ‘1

"Until thc last f'cw months. inle
hfc in itiuropc was vcry plcasnnt."lr
said Miss l'illl'litill. At. that. time pcr~ l
sccution ot lhc .lcws
largo scalc.
wcrc burncil, and innoccnt pcoplc
Wcrc. dragged on" to prison. (lctting
out of Germany was coinparathcly
casy except for the fact that all
their jewelry was confiscated by the
customs officials in compliance with

lntcrvarsity

mm“ W“). MIN-p» my “mmudv lm..linuing until Friday, pictures for

sullic .\‘c:il' as Miss l‘lln‘lli'li,
Ilici'.

began on tummy 1“ 1933 Wm.“ Impq- was just, innncdialrly or make .n‘
Shops and synogogiics .-
‘yuurs 5])“ “Mini, 1“ Belgium) and dur- ill [ilii l4lll'iiy SllllllO Ull Slillil Sl.l'UUl.. 1
big her last months there, she wit-
ncsscd tho
and the occupation by the German twa dollar sitting fee.
troops.

 

ALBnNY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1943

 

SCT Faculty Buys Bonds
To Build "Cruiser Albany”

The State College faculty
has far outdistanced the student
body in meeting the goal of 40
million dollars to build the
“Cruiser Albany." The faculty
purchased $11,900 worth of war
bonds in a drive which ended
Wednesday. This is in. midi/ion.
Io Hic a"; salary (lcdiicfion
already bcing enacted.

War activities among the stu-
dent. body arc lagging behind
those of the faculty. This means
double work to make up for lost
time. A table will soon be set
up in Draper whore stamps and
bcnds may be purchased. The
flood Bank Drivc is already on.

 

Conic on stud-cuts! What
about following the faculty's
czziimplc and doing your

part? ’
Omit ihosc candy bars and save
the dimcs for defense stamps!

 

 

 

Sophs to Greet

Freshmen Tonight
 Myskania Will Review

program. From left to right,
Curran. Marie Scudder and Joan

 

Elaine Harris,

  

Pictured above is the committee which will direct the “Big Ten"

Lois Holstein, Mary

Smith.

 

. Coming Rivalry Rules

The Class of '47 will be officially
‘introduced to the tradition of inter-
lclass rivalry at. the Sophomore Re-
,tccption in Page Hall auditorium at
‘8 PM. tonight. Robert Sullivan,
President of the Sophomore Class,
'will open the evening‘s program with
.an address of welcome.

Music Council

Replaces Candlyn

Dr. Mary Goggin. Instructor in
i Mvmbm.S of Mvskanm Wm mud the ‘y Latin. is the new faculty adviser for
Rivalry Rulcs to both classes andl . .
twill clarify any misunderstandiiigsicimdlyll' mm.“ Aswan” PIIOICSS‘”:
l‘oi' the rules. The Sophomore Tradi— jm MRML" .DI' Goggm..has alway‘s
gtions Commitlcc will announce thclb‘)"“ "11“.0“wd 1“ mumc' “0L 0"”
‘rivalry traditions to be obscrvcd bytm'w' bm’ "l Boston ‘md New Ymk'
“H, frmhmm during u“, current , where she frequented the opera and
W“... ’ the symphony.
‘SnphsrmPrescmskn i Nancy Wilcox. '44. President. of
in“, 30mm Wm entertain with mMusic Counctl. announces that
.skit in which “the dreams of bcwild- " Elﬂnlepmoi“ 40' “85.13%” upliomlcd
;crcd freshmen will be analyzed." ac- Eum‘cuy D‘ICCLO' 01 the Olgm‘lm'
tcording to Marion Buctow, Director. 1 PO." ‘9 mime“ M‘llly PE‘Udcbakm'
.Rosann Hayden and Arthur Russell 1 ‘0”“01‘13’ 01 the 'Class of 44. '
‘wm 0mm... in the Skit” 1 Music Councils fall presentation
The remaining cast inclust Betty l m" “US. you" “'1” l)“ com'ad Tm"
ONO“! Eimm Moodv‘ Gmovicvcxbaull. famous radio and concert
Sﬂbmmi' Kathryn Kendallv Murielstar, sclicdulcd to appear in Page
Scuddm.‘ Alice McGowan. EMU-15L, Hall Auditorium Friday, October 15,
iCrump. Marie Licbl. Arlene Skinner, “1‘ 8:15 PM‘ ,
Winifred Lulkowski. Harriet. Brink- .Sml’" ,COHCM “I'll‘lvllts Wm be 9‘“
mm“. pug,” Cusp“ and JOVCC Mc_ ,inittcd free of charge on presenting
' Donald. Sophomores.

 

 

 

Miss Cusp}. will lend the group in ,will paj‘an admission fee of $1.10.
,,1 5m“. Tm.“ both classes will ,,d_ The first rehearsal of the State
', illourn to thc Commons for rcfi'csh- (301191-50 55:11‘l)l")“5' Orc“°““'“_
mmmumldunvhm scheduch for chcnsday evening.

 

Joycc McDonald, Chairman of tlic locum” 6' ,“l 7:45 PM" i“ the Limo
Rf'Ui'DllUll, is bcing assisted by the ,Tlli‘lllrl‘it of MllllU High School.
following coininillccs: Rcf'i'cslnncnts. R‘mulm‘l (“"SPII'P' '46' Con‘m‘ilm'i
publicly“ Fume“, ‘stiiics that. the total numbcr of stu-
‘ dcins at prcscnt who have sigiicd up
‘is scvcnty-fivc. However. thcrc is
‘still a shortagc of ccrtahi insicii~
mcnts. More violins, tubus. obucs,
and tromboncs arc nccdcd ’l‘hci'e ls
. ‘still opportunity for those
  intcrcsfcd in tho orchestra to
a law passcd Ilic morning of
(lcpili'llll'c. , lit ‘

llccausc no moucy could bc tukcn. A“ “mmwm WI") hm" “1“”“1'
from tlic bunks. tlicy wcrc f'orccd to mom“ “ml “ms” “Hum” “'1‘ H"

mm. l)l'il|)t'l‘ or clsc to contact Miss (tins-
bin

that and llsc tlic monc.\' licr Hl‘illlfllllmln‘!‘ kcpl 1‘1”le I” mm“ mm“ m H“. “mm” l Awmu" "MINNIWI-‘V' bplmv Lukv

in a sock. Many tum-s lhci' had,“-
lf‘HNWI llic cldci'ly lady about kccp—’

lllf.’ lici' iuoncy ill this hiding placc. l

Inn lliiil morning tlicy wcrc griilclul Ped Pictures Slated 
shc had. .
Wlicn iiskcd why slic canic to For Next TWO Weeks

Hlatc, slic rcphcd, "liy bcconiing n
lcaclicr l fch llial i can in sonic

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 

licginniiig ncxt 'l‘ucsday and con-

liic saf’cly l havc in this counti'v.”l m“ “PM” “'1” 1’" “11W” ""1" 1 PM'

“Mm, “mm. Ml (Wmmm, {lupin 1') PM. The pliolograplicr will
“‘m. [-u_ , uni bc lll'l't‘ llic following \Vcck but
M“, I.) “15,, “ “WWW”. WW will return on ‘Octobci‘ 10. Scnlors
lil associatc of Dr liilli‘lli‘ll in llcr- ""“l sworn" 14”“ “1“ “xi’cf'll’il ‘0

'cachcd licr whcn licr i'atlicr was: Slli“'l-‘i “NW lll'l’” lWHlHl l" 1h“
wicc intcrncd in a coiiccntrationHOW“? 11”” “1' l)l'ltllt‘l' 1'0" ‘l“ “1050
map. wishing to sign up. ’l‘liose people
Iliunicloro (iluckstiidt. lcfi. tier- Wh“ WW0 “"1 (lime 5“ "Hist Slit” “ll
appoint-
'l‘iia next, (ylghbllllllll to have their pictures taken

l

lsing to power.

A member of the l’cdugogm: stuff i
at. Dunkirk will be at the door to collect the i
All women
are requested to wear white blouses
and men are to wear suit coats.

evacuation

(C'onliiiucd on I’ugc .1)

Music Council, replacing Dr. Thomas,

 

and
photographs for an art cxhibit which
will bc hcld on the sccond floor of
Drnpcr from Ul'Ct‘llliMH' 0 to Decom-
bcr lii.

by October 20.

:oinposition. Not only shots of Col-

1.

lSC To Explain
Frosh Procedure
Al Open House

Immediately following assembly
today, I-Iclcn Bruckcr, President of
Intersororlty Council. will outline
the procedure to be followed by all
freshmen at the Open Houses held
by the seven sororities of the College
on ’l‘hursday and Friday evenings.

The t‘reslnncn women will visit. the
several sorority houses in groups.
divided alphabetically. Each group
will remain at a sorority house for
thirty minutes of dancing and re—
freshments. then proceed to the next
'll()llh‘(5 listed for that group. The
schedule is so arranged that there
,will be fifteen minute intervals be-
tween the tlilrty—ininutc periods for
traveling between houses. Minico-
‘g‘raphcd sheets giving the schedule
in detail will be distributed to fresh-

 

ing‘.
On Thursday from 7 PM. to 9 PM.

is Kappa Dclta. Alpha Epsilon Phi. and “1011'

Phi Delta will entertain the fresh-
‘lllf‘ll, while tlic other sororities. Psi
,Gamniii, Chi Sigma Theta. Gamma
:Kappa Phi. and Beta Zeta will hold
iOpt‘ll House on Friday from 7 RM.
to 0:45 PM.

KD is located at. 300 Western Ave-
lmic bctwccn Partridge Street mid
Main Avenue. AE Phi, 840 Wash-
ington above Main Avenue; Phi Del-

l.akc Avcnuc and Quail Strcct.

 

 

VOL. XXVI" NO. 3

’Big Ten’ Activities Will Raise
unds to Contribute to War Ellort

Committee Plans

To Raise $1200,
Faculty to Help

State's social highlights for the
year, “The Big Ten." officially an-
nounced today by Myskania and
Student Council. have as their goal
$1200 to be used as the College’s
contribution to the war effort. With
the faculty, the four classes, the
group houses and five major or-
ganizations promoting one or more
of the ten events. $120 profit, is the
aim of each presentation.

To coordinate the efforts of the
various groups working on each of
these programs. Myskania and Stit-

 

dcnt Council have named Mary
Curran, ‘45. as Chairman of the
Central Activities Committee. As

her assistants she will have Elaine
Harris and Joan Smith, ‘45; Marie
Scudder, ’40; and Lois Holstein, '47.

 

THE "BIG TEN”
All-State Special ........ ..Oct. 30
Senior Presentation .... ..Nov. 10

Christmas Pageant
State Fair 
Faculty Skit .

 
  
 
  

Frosh Program 
Intel-sorority Prescri-

tation ....... .. .Apr. 1
Soph Program Apr. 29
Dorm Follies ........ .. May 13

Junior May Festival .... ..May 20

 

AL presnt Myskania is consulting
the Albany Chapter of the Ameri-
can Red Cross and the United
States Army Field service in order
to decide to what use the $1200 is
to be put. This will be announced
at a later date. This United War
Effort Drive will terminate officially
May 30 at a special ceremony.
All-State Special

The first of the “Big Ten" is
slated for October 30 when Student
Council will sponsor the All-State
Special. In former years. the Coun-
cil assumed charge of the All-State
Dance. on of the biggest formal
’Cillllccs of the year. The exact

 

.thcir strident tux tickets. All others men women at. this morning's meet- j nature 01' the 51300131 15 being kept

lsccrct. but the class presidents on
lStudcnt Council intend to disclose
plans in the middle of
October.

Four of the ten programs are to
be formulated by each of the four
classes. The Sophomore and Fresh-
man classcs will be permitted to
count their presentations as a part
of the war activities required in the
rivalry contest if they so wish. The
Junior May Festival replaces the
traditional Junior Prom; instead of

people 111.551 Myrtle Avenue between South “homing ‘1 Prom Queen this yum

the Class of '45 will select a May

'sign tlicir namc to thc list. in lowcrl Psi (ininnni's addrcss is 113 South  Quwn‘

Lakc Avcnuc, bclwrcn Myrtlc Avcnuc l “WNW 1") Participate.

and Morris Strcct. Chi Sigma Thctn
and licla thu arc iociiicd iicxt. door
to cncli otlicr at 070 and 680 Madison

 

Avcnnc. 'l‘lic (illllllllli Kap House
will bc found bcwtccn Myrtlc and}
Park Ari-nucs at 303 Quail Street.

'l‘lic closc of ()pcn Housc will mark r
the cnd of ()pcn Rush pcriod. llcgln-
ning ncxf Saturday. closcd rush rulcs
will bi' obsci'vctl.

Miss HutchinsTR—equesis'
Photographs For Exhibit

Miss ltutli is}. Hutchins. Assistant
l’rofcssor of li‘lnc Arts. asks students
faculty mcnibcrs to submit

All cutrlcs must. be in tlic
iiinds of Miss Hutchins. Room 208,

The only requirement is that.
)hotograplis be clear and of good

cgc life but also other pictures with

worthwhile subjects will be accepted.

After the exhibit, pictures will be
eturned to contributors.

 

Actlyilics Coinlniticc as the
control.

The faculty's contribution to the
“llig Tcn" will bc a skit, while
State's scvcn sororities will substi—
tulc ii new program in place of the
annual lnlcrsororlty Ball. The
College group houses will collabor-
atc in ihc production of the Dorm
li‘olllcs. War Activities Council
plans to rcpciit the State Fair in-
augurincd last year. The Christmas
pagcant. will be the result of the
combincd efforts of DraiuatiCs and
Ari Council. Music Council, Student
Christian Association and Newman
Club.

ltlach of those groups will have
complclc charge of its contribution
to the "Big Ten" with the Central
main

News Meeting Monday

There will be a News staff meet-

ing Monday afternoon. at 3:30 in
Room 109.

All Sophomores who have been

working as reporters and members
of the Sophomore Business Staff
must attend this meeting.

Anyone
who is unable to be present should

place a note in the News; mailbox
outside the Nqu office.

  

