 

. .,...ZlEi

 

l



.5

l
3.

 

 

.utzwqtmxriv-W‘! -L)£‘walv, .< .

 

 

I movement as follows: “The brave few at

Page 2
STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 549373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postoffice

IIPIIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINO IV

liaiionalAdvertisingService,lnc.

Calls!!- Psbllsbm RIM-sustains
420 MADISON Ave. New Yonk, N. Y.
CNICABO - IOSYDN - LOI ANGILEI - SAN FlANclICO

THE NEWS BOARD
Sol-ins Wonzox  . Editor-in-Chief
DAVID B. SMITH ...... .. Managing Editor
Roam E. Hax'rwm .. Associate Managing Editor
Econ: B. O'HORA Associate Managing Editor
Jun Srnonc  Associate Managing Editor
Manama E. NlGH'l'lNGALE  Business Manager
Camus W. Gummy .. .. Advertising Manager
Woman A. Bum .................. .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
William Ryan ..................... ...Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin .Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark - ................ ..
Sophomore Desk Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwald
Leonard Kowalsky David Mlnsberg
Associate Editors
Muriel Goldberg. Ramona Van Wie, Albert Architzel,
Joyce Maycock, Charles Ettinger. Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager..... ......Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron
. Business Staff
Doris Parizot, Alice Bartlow, Marcia Brown, Kenneth
Haser, Harold Haynes. John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schlavl, Harriet Sprague

    
 
  
 

 

 

 

   

Otto Howe
Sally Young

   

 

 

m...“ Women's Sports Editor ‘

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 18, 1938

 

Student Opinions on
Five- Year Curriculum

 

Conunentstater

The Conunentstater this week is given over to stu-
dent opinion on the subject of the five year curriculum
planned for State college. All opinions in this column
were derived from about fifteen students about the
school who are interested in this topic.

These students have given their ideas on how to im-
prove the curriculum of the college by adding or sub-
tracting certain courses to or from the present setup.
One of the most interesting ideas was “I think that
one of the most constructive additions would be a
course or two in philosophy. There is definite need
for such a course to help students who are training
more or less intensively for a profession such as teach-
ing in which a richer background is necessary. I

 

 

 

believe that in college we should start on the funda— E

mentals of a definite philosophy besides an educational
one. I also feel that any additions that could be made
in making the training in practice teaching more prac-
ticai, such as is done in the field work of Bennington

or the laboratory work at Syracuse. This would help

to make life easier for the beginning teacher."

Another idea expressed was "If a student spends
four years of his college life studying to teach his
major and minor subjects, I believe that the fifth
year should be devoted to the study and appreciation
of cultural subjects which will assist him in his cul-
tural social life. A teacher should be as well equipped
socially as he is professionally, in order to be success-
ful in his profession."

Another concrete proposal was stated, "I should

' like to see an addition of something quite practical if

The Honor System

Recently Student council has appointed
a committee to investigate the possibilities
and practicality of an honor system at State
college. Under an honor system students
would not be proctored during examina-
tions.

The National Student Federation of

 

America is strongly in favor of honor sys-
tems in colleges. Yale students are con-
ducting strenuous campaigns to revive an
honor system which had been abandoned
some years previously. The supporters of
the Yale drive cite the highly successful
operation of the system at Princeton. A
Princeton editorial commented on the Yale ‘

Yale who wish to set the wheels turning
once again will have to realize that only
with time will the plan achieve smooth-run-
ning operative efficiency and that thus
there is bound to be disappointment and
disillusion in the early stages of the move-
ment." ;

Objectively, the honor system seems the
perfection of high idealism in self-educa-

 

tion.
bringing it directly to )u/I, would you “crib”
if you were flunking an examination and a
cooperative friend were sitting next to you ‘3
Would _\‘()// pass a few answers to a friend
of yours who was embarrassed by the fac-
tual realism of some enigmatic problem?
In other words, would you feel that your
honor would have to be directed to the
school or to a member of your fraternal or-
ganization '!

The answer to these questions is left lo
the committee.

A Sensefof Humor .3

During recent assemblies some poor

l'nl'sguidml pcoplc with horribly dcfol‘mcd'

senses ol' “humor” havo lulu-n lo laughing
up'l'oal'iously at all situations. l‘oople who
make announcements ncvor know whclhcr
they will be dlsrognl-dod by then “listen—
crs” or whether their every word and even
their everyday npplml'unco will be greeted
with bursts o!’ uncomplimontary galcty.
There is a difference between humor and
insulting hilarity.

But making" the matter [)cl'sollal.,

 

 

We are to have a practical education. By this I mean
the addition of a commerce course in the general cur-
riculum for freshmen. Each day all of us have con—
tacts with business and will continue to have them in
our contacts as teachers. One concrete example is
typing, for every one of us at one time in his college
career is required to do a typed report. The typing

room is empty several hours a day and excellent use ‘

could be made of it. A course in everyday business
transactions would also be useful in our economic life

and we would become better acquainted with practical

business procedures.”

Another suggestion is that the freshman year be
more carefully planned as an orientation course with
philosophy and sex education and marriage courses
to be added to the year's work. This student would
also like to see freshman mathematics made an elective
for those about to major or minor in the course.

Random ideas are that we should extend our phy~
sical education department with additions made lo the
staff in that department. Another was that a speech
correction course in drama be required of all students.
Another student wished that more emphasis would be
placed upon the social life of the college,

Most of the students who were asked seemed to
belich that our liberal arts departments should be
broadened so that a wider horizon of culture might be
obtained. A philosophy dcpartment and at least sev-
eral courses in that subject were felt to be a necessity.

, Surprisingly the seniors especially wanted more prac-

tical work in lcnchlng and in bundling l’Kll'lerllISS
uffnil‘s.

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

'l‘llu Appolnuncnl Bureau will conduct a meeting
with all Sillllol‘s and graduate students on Thursday.
lh-brunry 24. At this time, sllldcnls who have been
working on the subjects 01' ethics oi' poslllon sucking
nnr! pornonu! appearance and lnlcl'Vchs will lull of tho
mnln polnls discovered in their extensive study. These
rl-Hulls will be of interest and lncsllmublc uld nl guid—
mg all scnlors and graduate students at this lnno wlu-n
llll.l‘i'\'ll'\l'5 are becoming all-important.

illn'lng lhr pus! wcck many hilldfflllh llli.‘..‘)l.’ll ln—
li‘l'l'!l.'\l.'>. and possibly jobs by not having llll‘ll' pro-
gram curds compchon filled lll lhc llll-r. o! llll‘ Ap—
ponnmcnl. Bureau in Room 121 of Milnc High M'llOUl.
Wlu~n lll‘llliflliktlh and superintendents are pressed for
llnn- lhcy can not and will not wall for hours while
Millll‘ sludan 1:. Doing hunted throughout the City 0!
Albany. 'i‘ho pcl'sons with tho fillcd hitlli‘dllh! curds
l‘i'(..'l‘lVl,f(l the positions.

lnLcrvicwe l’il'l: not "in tin: dlln, distant future" any
lnol‘o. As a senior or graduate student seeking a posi-
uon you may be called to the Appointment Bureau a!
any moment of the day for an interview. Watch your
phal‘blnllll appearance so that if you are called in from
a clue.» or lunch or are just caught wandering about
the built. you will look your best. Tldlness in clothes
and person in; essential

Personal
Viewpoints

 

 

 

We'd like to toss at least a
bouquet of gardenias to the Jun-
ior class for a weekend that
packed the old wow. All the
committees and chairmen of
! these committees should be con-
' gratulated for the success of the
l culmination of their work. To
those of us who are afflicted
with Goodmanla the class of '39
should be a patron saint with
Berigan and Hopkins already to
their credit in swinging two for-
male.

We’d like to suggest that the
sophomores get started immed-
iately in locating a band seeing
that the New York deal for one
of the country's best 'cat-tamers'
dropped into oblivion with an
excess demand of one thousand
blades of the very green grass.
Get on the ball, keeds. and show
up your old rivals.

l r ii is t-

In the past few years a num-
ber of crusades have been start—
ed in this school which for some
reason or other has fizzled out.
One of these was the drive to
ressurrcct the old Y. M. C. A.
in the form of a men's club.
Here was a good idea that should
be given another fling if possible.
The men of this college have
been dead for so long that we’d
like to see something T. N. T.
them out of their complacency.
Even M. A. A. lacks support in
their efforts for more sports
from tiddley winks to football
for the men of the college. We
wonder if the men even have
hair on their chest at this stage
of the game or do they wear
chest wigs.

is

 

Ill 1! All

Another idea that went the
way of all flash around this
place was the one we flushed
from our cranium last fortnight
and that was the idea of a fresh—
man dance of an informal
nature. Too bad.

if the. grecnies can't organize
such a dance why doesn't stu-
dent council sponsor another
spring informal as they did last
year. ‘Twas fun and we’re sure
it wouldn't interfere with any of
the amoeba-like life of some of
our davenported lounge lizards.

As you can gather from the
general tone of this cgolsm,
we‘re sore. Truly, We hate to see
a few people doing all extra class
promoting and then having the
rabble shooting off their lip
about the ruling class of the
school. Okay, but if you want to
be the turning worm you‘ve got
to do a llltle twisting of your
own because some smart bird
will devour you instead of aid
ing in tho revolving process.

EGO

Committee To Consider
Honor System For State

Dorothy Gain, ‘38. will not as
chairman of the committee to in-
vestigate Lhc practicability of an
honor system at State college, as
announced by Warren Dcnsmore, ’38,
president, in lost Friday‘s student
assembly.

 

 

I Assisting Miss Cain will be William I

Ryan and Richard Lonsdalc, junlors;
flobcrl Marlin, '40; and Betty Pur-
l'l)ll and Shirley Tookcl', freshmen.

 

Lotte  Mime,
Will Present Program

!
l The l)l’!lll!illl(‘.‘i nnd Al'l assoc-lu-

lion o! Sillll- cullcgc Wlll pi'csclll
l,o|lv (lib-.llll', lulnonh European

dmm- llllllll', Monday ovcnlng, Fob-
l'uul'y 'Jll. m 8:15 o'clui'k. in Page
llllll illlillllll'llllll, according, to Sully
Wholun. "till. pix-sullen! of lhc assoc,
lullon.

Miss (.ioslur, who was born In
Dresdcn, Gcrnluny. is considcrcd the
gl'l-nlcsi duncc lnlnu- of modern
Inn's, ll)!’ r-ln: places the emphasis
l'lrnl of oil on her dancing and not
m llll‘ lnlmlng; she is not mcrcly
,ml cnlcrlalncr, she is :1 first class
artist, whose (lunclng lnlcl‘prcls hu~
mun (emotions vividly.

' 'Pll'kl‘l.S may be obtained lol' the
prior of one dollar, or in exchange
for line sludan lax lickcl.

Statesman

 

 

 

Prom is over. Everybody is happy.
. . . and broke, Now there’s nothing
to do but sit around and wait for
Soiree.

Since our last issue we have re-
ceived a signed and sealed document
from the Jumpers stating that the
not-so-long-ago highly publicized
Romance Club, wh’  l‘ad trailed
to an Ontario str. L mu -out, was
really founded at the do w club
by one Jonathan Percl al itsenik.
We're sorry that we mis. rd you,

 

dear readers, but we’ll do better.

Attention, Lonsdale! You’d better
confess who she was or our curiosity
will bring you no good.

And who is that cute KD who
thinks only of Radio broadcasts?
Flash! There's nothing like having
a UP man spin a webb around you.

 

Kind of dusty, that.

Resolved: that I will not do
any more one-arm driving on roads
that are lined with fence posts.
Signed, Bob Hertwig.

The queen went to church over
the weekend. Where was Red? He
was left waiting at the church.

Who was the KDR neophyte who
obtained such startling measure-
ments at Wren Hall? Behaving those
figures would be too much. They
don't grow them anymore!

Heard in passing: O'Meara's new
competition is Howard. We might
comment that the eyes seem to have
it.

 

 

 

H. T., ’37, was very much in evi-
dence. It looked almost like a News
Board reunion. And we wouldn’t
spell it Bored, either, from all ap-
pearances.

Why did Paul forsake Zannieri's
luxurious limousine for his latest ex-
pedition into the hinterlands? May-
be lt's because it's no fun trying to
raise money over the 'phone to get
home at five o'clock in the morning,
even if the charges are reversed!

Is Ken really serious about Bettye
or is it just one of those platonic
things? Don't ask us. We thought
the lady had other heart interests.

And We might throw a bit about
Shamus who, it seems. has decided
to grin and Barrett. Well, what with
spring coming on, you‘ve got to be
prepared l'or things like this.
Therc‘ll probably be a lot of cases
of “Love in Bloom" before very long.

What lucky lad is hanging his hat

 

 

over on Hudson since Porky moved
to Madison Avenue? Do ye ken any-
thing about it? We wouldn't be
knowing.

Flash! It would seem that Bill
Bradl is making good on some of
those social theories he talked about
on Moving-up day a couple of years
ago. Our Bill is going socialilv in a
large way.

Recent addition to list of State's
couples: Lenny and Lil. Good alli—
teration, that!

Just whom is Walruth really in»
lcl'cstcd in? He‘s here today and
gone tomorrow.

The result of that friendly llttlc
struggle now going on between Rog
and Larry will be most interesting
to Us, A quick survey showed that
the odds are even.

Parting shot: it is expected that
JKS will be seen in the ncnr future
lMonduy night?) in the company of
an old flame.

We haven't space for a real fm‘c~
\vcll. but here's a quick goodbye!
THE MAN OF‘ STATE

 

Hellenics

 

To get down to the old roul.lnc~——
among lhc l'cccnt visitors at Sigma
Alpha Wi‘l'i' ch Harris, ’34, Norma
Blake, ‘35, and Louise Smith, '37.
Among Llli.‘ Grcck prom-trottch
worn Ev Hillllilllill, 37, and Minnie
Mchcklc, ‘34, up at Pill Dolln. Mnl'y
Linn. ’37, paused momcnlul'llv ut
Kappa Dcllll. ‘

l)i'll.il Omcgu has pledged Janet
lluslu-kcl', '41, and Phi Doltu huh
plcdgcd ll'ls Burnett, ’41, while Alpha
ltho (lid likcwloc by Mary Carr, '40.

Only one marriage! That‘s prac-

Licully a now low, but here is the
good news: Phi Lambda announces
the marriage of Doris E, Bell, ‘34, to
J, Ruckcr McDaniel. Tho Phi Lamb~
das also have some new honorary
members. Mr. and Mrs.
Vcay,

Herbert

 

 

 

STATE C()l..l..EGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 18, [938

Page 3

 

 

Intramural
Win te r
Sports

L. F. R.

Although old man So! and high
temperatures have not yet arrived,
State's acquatic enthusiasts will be
going it at the Public Bath pool
located at Central and Ontario, to-
morrow afternoon between the hours
of two and five-thirty.

Under the guidance of Louis Fran-
oeilo, ’40, manager. the boys will be
grouped according to their abilities
with everyone getting an even break.

During the first two weeks there
will be general swimming, and, after
that, the program will consist of
competitive contests, both team and
individual, ranging from beginners
to our “Johnny Weissmuller" experts.
Be there, fellows. and enjoy a wet
time.

By the way, don't forget to bring
ten cents (the cover charge). In
return you receive towel and soap.

Spring Ping-Pong

Everyone who was rusticated in
the last ping-pong contest wlu be
given a chance to try his apple-
polished skill in the spring tourna-
ment.

There will be a sheet posted on
M. A. A.'s bulletin board for the
paddle artists to sign on. The win-
ner of the tournament will play Jim
Snover, '41, winner of last year’s
tournament. Joe Bosley, '39, and
Ken Haser, ’40, are in charge.

Tommy Meehan, grad, reported
that there was a nice turn out last
Monday night. He, with his assist-
ant Bill Barrett, '40, were busy in-
structing the aspiring “Gene Tun-
neys" how to box and helping the ad-
vanced men to improve their stance
and punch. It will culminate in the
Spring Indoor Sports Carnival on
March 26th when several of the boys
will give boxing exhibitions. Those
hankering to use their fisticui’fs can
still join by coming down Monday
night at 7:30 in the Page hall gym.

intramural Bowling League

Sponsored by M. A. A. and Intra.
mural council, a bowling league,
which consists thus far of twelve
five-men teams. has been formed
under Frank Rickman. ’40, manager.

The league which will start
function February 22. will use the
Rice Bowling Alleys on Quail and
Western avenues every Tuesday and
Wednesday afternoon from four to
six. and evenings of those some days
from seven to ten o’clock.

M. A. A. has been able to obtain
the alloys at u very reduced and

 

 

reasonable mic“ A mum], of three ‘ dor" by a deluge of baskets netted by - winter. The

games will cost thirty-five cents,
whereas the regular games at Lwcnly
cents each would loin! sixty center—
a clcarcut gain of twenty-five cents

In case of schedule conflict in the
afternoons or evenings, notify your
captains who al'o listed below or the
manager. This will faclllialc in
making out the schedule.

Tho lcngul» will be composcd of
group houses. ('omlnulcl's, and indep-
cndcnl ll-nms. The following men

have Dl'i'li nppolnlcd captains of more oven forms but the boul‘cl's oi"- . ,
‘ ~_ l ~ I v .

illlv Purple and Gold were unable to “’3 “a” bow“! b5 011W Build 0”

ha ll ; Iovercome ihai tremendous advan-

lhcil' rcspccllvc foams:
Clllll'li‘h‘ Sholcl'. Avalon

 

Purple and Gold

 

.Vermont and Hartwick Run
,‘ State's Losing Streak
To Four Straight

 

Suffering from another unsuccess-
ful Week end, during which they
bowed to Hartwick and Vermont, the
State Teacher quintet will meet St.
Michael's on the home court tonight.
Although having been defeated on
its own floor, the Winooski Parkers
possess the offense and defense
which is so essential to the make-up
of a stubborn and powerful machine.

For the third tirne in as many
games, the State college cagers fell
before the barrage of baskets netted
by their enemies, when the Hartwick
Indians invaded the Page hall court
last Friday afternoon. A very hard-
trying Purple and Gold attempted
again and again to overcome the re-
vengeful Oneonta basketeers, but al-
though lt bombarded the enemy
basket innumerable times, very few
of the shots swished thru the hoop.

Game Details

Coach Hatfield entered his second
string for the first minutes of the
game as was his wont during past
encounters. Before he replaced them
by the regulars, the Indians were
leading 7-0. The first-stringers met
with very little success. Faced with
seven point deficit, the Hatfield men
tried desperately to penetrate the in-
vaders' goal, During the remaining
minutes, State ran up a total of
tweIVe points, nosing the lead away
from Hartwlck who ended the half
trailing by one point.

During the second half the air-
tight defense which State displayed
kept 1h" Oneonta team scoreless
until i‘ had to take refuge in a
time-c ..t. It seemed that at last the
boys were clicking, but Fate had
another ace up its sleeve and that
ace turned out to be Monahan, cap-
able forward of the Hartwick quin-
ltet. His amazing overhead shots
from anywhere near the basket,
combined with a most disconcerting
'drlbble made him the most danger-
lous man on the visiting squad.

A desperate drive to enemy terri-
Jlory failed to not a score for the
'home team. and the game ended

 

 

° 36-35.

Vermont
: Succumblng to the Oneonta five
had a greater effect psychologically
‘upon the Slate team than any other
loss sustained this season. Stopping
,off at Burlington Saturday night,
:‘lhc Albany team was "swamped un—

the expert hands of the Vermonters.

From the outset. the Burlington
,lcum showed its superiority by lead-
llng with a 22-3 score at the end of
seven minutes.

Will Meet

St. Michaels on Home Court
 Sports Councils

 

[Mmival

Beginning Monday, plans for the
indoor spring sports will get under
way, and will culminate in an indoor
Spring Carnival to take place on
March 26. Sheets have been placed
on the W. A. A. and M. A. A. bulletin
boards, and all who are interested
should sign up immediately so that
the plans can be completed without
the usual delay that accompanies
these projects.

Thelma Miller, '38, who with John
O'Brien, ’38. is heading this carnival,
regrets that in the past, the various
sports programs have come to a dead
end and now they seek and urge the
cooperation and at least part time
interest of everyone. W. A. A. and
M. A. A. can concoct glorious plans,
but without your cooperation and
attention, these plans will continue
to live in langour and die the same
disinterested death. In the past,
empty bulletin boards and in-
completed plans have remained as
mocking memorials to the frustrat-
ed attempts of the State college stu-
dent body. Do not let these new
plans go the half-baked way of the
others.

The spring intramural sports,
which will be held in the Page hall
gymnasium, are as follows: boxing
and tumbling, for men only, under
Paul Schmidt and Bill Torrens, for
which the time will be arranged;
mixed volley ball, for men and
women, Monday, Tuesday and Thurs-
day, from 3:30 to 5, under Earl
Cleaves and Louise Hessney; folk
dancing at the same time under
June Palmer and Stan Kullman:
pyramiding for girls, Monday and
Wednesday. from 3:30 to 5. and Fri-
day from 4 to 5; badminton from 8
to 10, Friday morning, from 3:30 to
5 Wednesday, and from 4:30 to 5
Friday. There will be no activities
on Washington’s birthday, Tuesday.
February 22.

Any further information may be
obtained from Thelma Miller.

W. A. A. Bowling Proves
I To be Great Success

, Although bowling has ended for
lihis year according to W. A, A.’s
lschedule, there has been some slight
‘agitation for bowling to be continued
lduring the coming spring season.
This has undoubtedly been prompted
.'by the great success of“ the sport this
I surprisingly large
:amount of strikes and spares have
lpiled up the individual averages so
high that Captain June Palmer will
hill/C no liltlc difficulty in selecting

 

WAA. and MAA.
l To Conduct Sport
f Dancel'morrow

I Weather Forcast Changes
Plans of the Sports
Winter Carnival

With a forecast that show warm,
sunny weather, the Women’s and
Men's Athletic Associations have re-
luctantly but definitely called off the
planned sports carnival for tomorrow
night, and instead will conduct a
barn-sports dance with Duke Hersh~
kowitz, ’39, general chairman.

Carnival Tickets Exchanged

Those students who have already
bought their transportation tickets
for the ill-fated winter carnival can
use them in gaining admittance to
the dance which will be conducted
in the Commons from 8:30 to 11:30
o’clock,

According to Thelma Miller, '38,
president of W. A. A., and John
O'Brien, '38, president of M. A. A.,
there will be a winter sports carnival
next year, and, profiting by the mis-
takes, lt will be held immediately
after the Christmas vacation.

On its success depends the ambi-
tious plans of W. A. A. and M. A. A.
for making the carnival an annual
affair at State. Also, it will be de-
termined whether or not other
schools in the Capital District will
be invited to participate in the car-
nlval.

Hill-billy Band

Duke Hershkowitz has announced
that the Texas Rangers, well known
on the air over the N. B. 0. network,
will play ragtime, hill-billy. and the
popular pieces as well.

All you folks who enjoy the weekly
round and square dances, come and
get it tomorrow night. Yes, one-
thlrd of the dancing will be devoted
to square and round dances.

Wear your oldest and most dilap-
idated clothes so that they will be
in harmony with the surroundings.
The Commons will be transformed

 

The  ' 2 '4
Pitcher ’87
Box

 

 

W. D. R.

Tonight the State squad will 'once
again make a desperate bid to break
back into the win column . . . after
climaxlng a nine-game
streak by a loss to Pratt two weeks
ago . . . the Hatfield proteges drone
ped into a slump to string up a total
of four consecutive losses . . .

Outplayed by a powerful Vermont
aggregation the Hatfield squad ,
up their fourth loss last Saturday
night . . . the offensive drive of
State’s “Figure 8" crumpled before
the Vermonters’ impregnable zone
offensive . . .

Tonight not only a strong but a
highly touted St. Michael's outﬁt
will visit Page court . . . the Univer-
sity of Vermont managed to score
but a 4642 win over the St. Mike
boys . , . and . . . although State
added the Winooski team to their
list of wins earlier in the season . . .
a hard fought battle will certainly
be in store for the statemen tonight
. . . B!!! Thomas . . . recently elected
cheerleader by the student assembly
. . . will be on hand to give Marion
Kingsley and Steve Kusak aid in
leading the  ch ' I e I

In a letter to the sports depart-
ment . . . Buffalo State College has
asked our cooperation . . .along with
the nine state normal schools . . .
in selecting an All-State basketball
team . . . as the sports editors of the
campus papers of the eleven teacher
training schools will select the five
men . . . it is a probability that
State will not receive the recogni-
tion due them—State has basketball
affiliations with but two (Buffalo
State and Plattsburg Normal) of the
other ten teacher training schools
in the state . . .

We appreciate however the fact
that we , . . as a teacher training
institution . . . were asked to present

 

 

 

into a barn. (imitation, of course),
so let‘s see some farmers and farm-
lcrettes.

l The Rangers will present. a novel
‘floor show that will tickle the insides
of State. In addition. the entertain-
ment committee headed by Charles
Manso, ’41. will provide several]
pleasant surprises.

Committees that have been ap-
pointed are: entertainment, Charles
Manso, ‘41, Mary Tralnor and Mar-
ion Kingsley, sophomores; publicity,
Edmorc Mclanson, '39. and Virginia
Mitchell, ‘40; tickets, Gordon Tabncr

 

 

 

 

and Dorothy Muchun, juniors;
guests, Marlon Rockefeller and
George Amyot, juniors; clean-up.

Louise Hcssncy, '40, John Edge, '39.

At ms juncture, hcr honorary varsity. Among thOSe Pm” Dmmml' Herbert Dmozv und‘

. . I l..,n' . .,l .V, ...
Conch Hatfield, who had started his Who have 0011515Le’1L1y sewed we“ W11” Demmo” “mo” l

“ms,‘_SL,.mgC,.S'~ substituted Hmtlnbovo lllu hundred-mark are Irma"

In addition to the ticket commit-I

31mm with Walko‘ Amym' Hum. Ba_ Anderson Edith Bailey. Olive Baird‘ltcc. there will be a representative ill

‘log, and Blll'rcll, who succeeded in
holding the homo li‘lllll lo a 28—12
.M'iil'i? lll Lhc half.

'l‘lw second period was fought on

Jimmy Clmpcll. Spencer hull; George . [.lll,'i‘ which their opponents had ac-

Pom'son, Kuppn Bl'lll; Bo!) Stevenquun‘cd in [he first half.

Knppn Dl-lln Rho; Holncl' chgctl,,
Pollcl' ('llll): Ahl- ann'mun. Collcgo1
house; Louis Wt‘lss, loin club; Tom!
Bl'cman, Albany Grads; A! Shapiro.
Albany; .lnn Snovcl', ’I‘roy; Dan
Pl’i'hlllil, Scln'noclndv and Bllli
llylln. All (llhl'l's _

Tho foul shoollng l-onll-sl is now!
lll pl'ogl'oss. ’l‘llo conll-slunls can go
into Page hull gym bctwocn eleven
and l\\"i'lVl‘-lllll’l)' o‘clock in lhc,
morning and bcLWl-cn gym classes!
Bc blli'l‘ you have u nn-mbcr o! ln-l
Ll'llllllll‘ill council lo m-l lls "l'llllllll'l"'[
for your shots,

W.A.A. Swimming Team
Will Oppose Oneonta

Ar. ll cullnlnnllon of lhc friendship
Di'fWi’l‘ll ()nconlu Slulo Normle und
N. Y. S (I. 'l‘., W. A, A llilb ul'l'ungcd
for u llli'i'l. bolwovn lllc school thlll‘
nllng ll-unls. in lln- ln'sl cvcnl of
its sort, llu- girls will llllVC un oppor- l
lunlly lo (ll-fond lhc glory of State.

'l‘hc l-llmlnullons lll'l(l lust wole
llllill'l' llli‘ hillll‘l'Vl.‘ ion of Jnncl

l

l

M0lllflll'l and llclly Cllll'k 1135111ch 1!
lln- :wlccllon o! n lculn ol' eight girls.
They arc: ilulll Lewis, '30; Junct
Monll'ol'l and ll‘lol'cncc l‘l'zyborowsku,
silllllillllol'irﬁ; iris Barnett, Louisa
Chapman, Marlon Koublcs, and Dor- l
othy North, freshmen

  

“1.1m: "F. x .
_. . .. .

Thus dld

Slulv sustain its fourth defeat

against nine victories.

Slate vs. Vermont
Vcrmoni

Jeanollc Barlow, Lois Bowman,
,‘Agncs Bullion. Harriet Green, Mill'-
jgul'ci Horn. Blunchc Kh‘schcnblum.
‘Juno Palmer and Ruby Stewart.

The lllghcsi score for the seasonm

{January ‘20. As proof that one need
'nol be u seasoned volcrun lo parli-
clpnlc and be successful in a sport,
’A A can offer the shilling examples
of Dec Jesse, Emily Vogcl, Anne Mc-
Clulnncss and Jean Mnloncy, all
‘novlccs this winter, who hit scores

FF F.G. ’12P, l ly in games curly in the season.

  

Ul‘llllf'lll'llllll. l'.l‘.  ll 6 lb
Alll‘il. l'.l.  . . 0 0 0
Nicholson, !.f. ......... .. . 2 .'i ii
llurl, ll. ,.  . ,. ...... .. 0 (l 0
Mlncklcs, LL... 0 (!
llrlul'dmcllc, . , ,.  ll 7
llnwklns, c  l) (l (l
Wlll‘di'll lag. . .. ., .. l) 2
MlllilllFWlll‘lll, lag. l! 0
Howard, lg ll 0
l.ll.sky, lg. . (l l

(‘mndl‘ll lg !! 0

'l‘olnl . ll ill

Slzllc

l“!' F‘G ’l‘.P,
llynn, l' l. . l l! l
Amyol, l‘.l', 2 l 4
Sillllllollh, !.i'. 0 l 2
Wlllkl), if. i 1 2i
ld'lllllilll, (5..    .. l! l 2
lim'rolt, c. ...... ,. . (l l) (l
l“l'lllll(.'ilL, lug. ................ .. 3 l 5
Pcluso, rg. .................... ., o o o
linlog. 12g, . (I l 2!

llcrshkowltz, lg . l 1

third, lg.  l 0
Total 12 7 till

I}; l of practice.

,l'll‘ty-l'il'ly chance of be
0 lonlghl in the UPC

 

 

State Frosh to Meet

. . . M.
Milne for Preliminary stud

vouch group house selling tickets, and
‘ulso. in from oi' the W. A. A. bulletin.
'lmm'd. lickl-ls may be obtained. '

Jll". A. A Will Sponsor 
Men’s Chess Contestl

Are you Ollc of those unfortunate}
students who lmvcn't lime to parti-
clpuio in the winter sports program?
If you are you’ll welcome a new

50f 142, 133, ll3 and ill, l‘cspoclch— “(km’lon ‘0 M' 1" Ad". “St or “Cm”.

Illlcs for the monwu chess tourna-
ment.

Shoots have been posted on the
A. A. bullclln board for those
outs who are interested in chess.

Although handicapped by a lack Having been on all week, the ln—‘

tho Stale-Si. er'llnvl game. To-

Hl‘lihilll.

the F‘rosh cugol‘s faces dependent cnlrlcs will close Lodnyu‘
n slrong Milne High live with n and the tournament, under the cup-
uling them able handling of Lee Durllng, '41,,
llmlmuy lilL before will start promptly Monday. ‘

Durling plans lo conduct the tour-

., morl'ow. lllo l"l'USll w1ll travel to numcnt on a group housc l'lvnh'y
(‘ Schcncclndy whcrc lhcy will stuck busls. ’l‘hcl'c will be one l'cproscnln-i
up ugnlnsl lllc Mont Ph-usnut Rod live from each group house lllldl
lluldcl‘s who gave lhcm n schclluck- lln'co "llulcpcndmlls" in tho tourna-
lng lo lho lunc of ill-ll, cullcr in the monl. It is requested that each ‘ ‘

ill‘Oul) house clihcr appoint or hold

Goorgc Amyol, 'lili. 1"1'Oﬁll coach on elimination contest to determine
says that if the boys don't show a bit who will represent them.

more lighting spirit in snagging the
ball off the bluzkbolu'd und allowing

An elimination tournament among
illoso who don't lch at a group

their opponents to gel behind them house will be conduclcd during the
us they (lid in the game against tho wock to determine who will be the
Dclhl Agglcs, they will be lnuullngllhrcc “independent” players in the

thc game over to Milne on a silver
platter.
The starting lineup will include

forwards.

M '  ..».e.. v' as“ » L 2:

 

tournament. There will be a total
of ion men taking part.
Possibly, after the clllnlnutlons for

il,JOlllllly YatscniknndCharlcs Quinn, rcpresentailvo players during this
(llgunl'ds, Roy McCl-cal-y, center, and week, play will start Sunday after-
.Walt Danilewlcz and Herb Oksalo.

noon. If you want any additional
information, write to Lee Durling.

our opinions and comments on five
elegible men for such an All-State
team . . .

 

Intramural Basketball Standing
Monday's Games
K. D. H. vs. All Others, 7:30.

K. B, vs. Troy-Schenectady, 8:30.
Thursday’s Games
College House vs, Troy-Schenec-

tady, 7:30
Avalon - Spencer vs.
House, 8:30.

’l‘cam Standing

College

Won Lost Pet.
5

Albany Uppcrs  0 1.000
Kappa Delta Rho 4 0 1.000
Potter Club .......... .. 3 2 .600
College House  ., . 3 2 .600
All Others ........... .. . 2 2 .500
Avalon-Spencer  1 4 .200
Troy—Schenectady 1 4 .200
Knppn Beta ..... ., 0 4 .000

Results
Monday, February 14
Ablnlly Uppers 22—Potter Club 8.
Troy-Schenectady 20 - Avalon-
Spcnccr 14.

 

 

  

Moons Hi“
C O O K
BOOK
av

rw: MINUlI
BlOGRAPHlES
av

Grim E. Denlson

VALUES for
‘Ul’ TO $29.9 0va 40¢
Willi CARlON FROM COLGAIE-PALMOUVI

lOllElRlES OR VASEUNE “All! IONIC
FULL DEM/LS Al OUR TOILET GOODS COUNI’ER

 

The College Pharmacy

I'honc .‘i—ll807 ALBANY, N. Y.
7 No. Lake Ave. at Western Ave.

 

 

 

 

