 

 

 

 

 

Page 4

STATE C()Li_.E(}E NEWS, JANUARY 7, 1933

 

Ades Will Head

 .luiiior Weekend

 

Claude Hopkins’ Orchestra

Will Furnish Rhythms;
Queen to Reign

Christine Ades, ’39, will be general
chairman of the annual Junior week-
end activities to be conducted Friday
and Saturday,'February 11 and 12,
according to an announcement this
week.

Activities of the class of ’39 will
include the Prom on Friday night
and the luncheon and tea dance
Saturday. As is customary the jun-
iors will elect a Prom queen who
will rule over the festivities.

The Prom this year will be at the
Aurania club. Music for the affair
will be furnished by the celebrated
swingster, Claude Hopkins and his

orchestra, fresh from new musical

triumphs.

Joyce Maycock will be chairman of

the tea dance, while Richard Lons-
dale will head the junior luncheon
committee.

Miss Ades has named the follow-
ing committees for Prom: orchestra,
William Torrens. chairman; ar-
rangements, Joseph Muggleton; dec-
orations, Virginia Hall; arrange-
ments for queen, Virginia Bolton;
chaperones, Marion Rockefeller; in-
vitations and bids, Anne Kalichman;
and floor and door, Bernard Gaffney
and Joseph Bosley, co-chairmen.
These committee heads as well as.
those following will pick their own
committees to assist them if necess-
ary.

Assisting MISS Maycock with the
tea dance are: arrangements, Kay
Adams; orchestra, Charles Frank-
lin; programs, Helen Prusik; flowers
and taxis, Frances Canaday; and
refreshments, Freida Kurkhill.

Lonsdale will have assisting him:
arrangements, Roland Waterman;
decorations, Victoria Bilzi, and
speakers, J. Edmore Melanson, Jr.

Betty Baker will head the publi-
city committee which will function
for the whole weekend.

 

 

EAT AT JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. —— 11:00 I’. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

 

    

imp on,
OPTICIANS.

REDETTE'S
65 Columblall-Sydroraéow hurt

COMPLHE OPTICAL SERVICE

     

  

At the

ANNEX

You’ll fiml

the very best

 

being formulated. It is planned to}
have a house ready for occupancy!
by the opening of the next college
year in September.

 

 

Ice Cream in
Town

WAGAR’S

 

For the daily
snack i

F or parties
large and small

 

 

 

Fourth State College
Fraternity Organizes

INTERVIEWS STOP

The Appointment Bureau announ-

Sigma Lambda sigma, which has ces that all signed-for intervleWs
lust completed its charter organi- which were scheduled for January
ration, makes its appearance as the and February will not take place.

fourth fraternity on the State college
campus.
The charter membership consists

Those seniors and graduate students
who would like to interview the

 

of seven seniors and seven sopho-
mores. Robert Rienow, instructor
in political science, has been selected
as faculty advisor of the group.
Plans for spring rushing are now

 

l

GOING HOME?

Get Your Greyhound Bus Tickets

—- at the —-

COLLEGE PHARMACY

7 No. Lake Ave. One Block West

 

  

more p/msure

#38...

a happier new year
. . . and more pleasure for the
thousands of new smokers who
are ﬁnding out about Chester-
ﬁeld’s milder better taste.

Mild ripe tobaccos and pure
cigarette paper are the best in-
gredients a cigarette can have
. . . these are the things thatgz'vc you

more pleasure in Chesterﬁelds.

Copyrigln 1958, liona‘rr I2 MrisRs 'l'omrro Co.

Bureau however, are inVited to do with students which have been drop-
so. It is only the scheduled meetings ped.

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria

and Grill

3 ” ..,_.....a.___..y....u~ A

.‘.>.- . 34.x”,

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Che st/crfield

“yozﬂ/ﬂ'h/ MORE PLEASURE
in Chesterﬁe/ds
milder halter taste

    

. ~zr‘;v~s..,.M.—i

y

gear: :5“?

 

 

State College News

  

 

 

V()i.. XXII, No. 13

S'i‘A'i‘i: COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., JANUARY I4, i938

 

$2.00 PER YEAR, 32 WEEKLY issues,

 

Dramatics Class to Give
Three One-Act Plays

T0 DIRECT PLAYS

Elementary Class to Stage
Barrie, Millay, Strong
Well Known Plays

FUTTERER T0 DIRECT

Change Student Tax Tickets
For Regular 50c Seats;
Reserved Seats 75c

Under the direction of Miss Agnes
E. FllLlCl'Cl‘, the members of the E10-
mentury Dramatics class will present
three plays on Tuesday night, Jan-
uary 18.

The plays to be presented are:
“The Old Lady Shows Her Medals,"
by Sir James M. Barrie; "The Prin—
cess Marries The Page,” by Edna St.
Vincent Millay; and “The Drums of
Oudc," by Austin Strong.

In the cast of "The Old Lady
Shows Her Medals" are: William
Bradt, '38, Jack Nordcll, ’39, Rose
De Cotis, Isabel Raine], Mary Koonz

v

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and Betty Clark, sophomores.

The cast of “The Princess Marries
the Page” includes: Rita Sullivan,
Ruth Donnelly, Mary Hardie, Mil-
dred Labrum, Anna-Lisa Swensson,
Maria Geuova, and Helen Blake,
sophomores.

Cast in “The Drums of Oude" are:
Eleanor Groll, Al Weiss, Jack Black-
burn, Louis Franccllo. Arthur Phibbs, KapPa Beta Conch]th _
William Ryei'son, sophomores, and First Formal Initiation
Gar Arthur, ‘38.

Committees appointed by Miss
Futtercr to assist in production have
also been announced.

Jane Barrett, '40, is in charge of

Elementary Di'ainatiCs cluss plays.

 

Illit‘.

. .. . . . -, Thc pledges who WL‘l‘C initiated to by their l'L‘
sets assisted b Mai aiot Mattison, . H . I '
39",,“(1 William, Built, 38. Other membership are: Hcrbcrt Frankel, don Rand, 39: William Thomas, 40;

members of the committee are: Alice '39: Gildll'n BOdllel', Dm'id CUUGI‘

 

Miss Agnes E. Futtcrcr, assistant
professor of Eiiglisn will direct the

Student Assembly

 

Hear Committee Report
At 11:10

ramifications will be featured in us-
scinbly today when the Constitution-
al Assembly will conduct its regular
session, according to the announce-
ment made by Warren I. Dcnsmorc,
‘38, president of the student assoc—
iation..

The inccting, under the direction
of Speaker Leonard Friedlander, '39
promises a lively debate on the res-
olution opposing the inclusion in the
state constitution of a provision for
a teacher's oath. The oath resolu-
tion hearing committee, headed by
John Edge, ‘39, will submit its report
of investigation to the student as-
sembly and then the speaker will
open the report to discussion from
the floor.

Following the discussion on the
resolution, a vote will be taken to
determine lhc. sentiment of the col-
lege on the matter.

anson, '39, chairman.

 

 

To Discuss Oath

Constitutional Assembly to

The teacher's oath and its many

 

Juniors Cast Ballots
For Pretty I’oteiitute

Her Royal Majesty of the class
of 1939 is pleased to announce
to her subjects that she will
reign supreme at her coronation
on February 11. Unlike most
monarchs this benign ruler finds
herself being elected by llCl‘ loyal
subjects.

With swing music setting
the background the queen will
be crowned. A pulchritudinous
quintet of pretties are the can—
didates for the imperial office
with the favorites being Chris
Ades, Betty Hayford, Carolyn
Mutllce, Reg Murphy and Pearl
Sandberg. All odds are even so
place your bets early as the win-
dows will close soon. No one
knows who the queen will be,
but everyone realizes that beauty
will once more reign.

After the coronation ceremony

Choral Society’s Concert
Will F eature Toscha Seidcl

 

Varied Program of Chorus
To Contain Folk Songs,
Carols and Hymns

GOLDBERG IS CHAIRMAN

Choral Selection; Will Be
Under Supervision of
Dr. T.F.H. Candlyn

This evening the State College
Choral society is presenting its an-
nual winter concert in Chancellor’s
Hall beginning at 8:30 o'clock. The
celebrated concert violinist, Toscha
Seidcl, will be the assisting artist.

The presentation is under the
chairmanship of Muriel Goldberg,
‘38, president of the Music council.

The chorus, under the direction of
Dr, T. Frederick H. Candlyn, will
present a well varied program con-
sisting of a series of carols, folk
song arrangements, and hymns.

 

There will be solos by Helen F.

It is expected, if time permits, to the queen's prime minister and
consider the resolution calling for cabinet, namely Claude Hopkins
inclusion in the constitution of u and his orchestra will downbeat
provision for socialized medicine. it throughout the evening.

The committee report on this issue If you missed England’s great
will be offered up by J. Edmorc Mel- pompous ceremony last year

here is your chance to see

To date, the assembly has voted in another such event without the

support of a uni-cameral legislature nausea 0f the 80o to confront
.for New York State, and in opposi- .VOU. The lJl‘iCG 0f seats is but
'tion to a clause in the Constitution the Price 0f 51 Prom bid.

abor groups.

V and Duni‘cl Bucci, ‘41.

Le Baron, Harriet Sprague, Virginia Arnold Ellcrin. Louis Greenspan. ““““"—'

Elson, and Juliet Byrnc, sophomores, Herman Klein, Norman Levy, Hy-   

Marcia Brown, '40, is chairman of man Mcltz, William Miller, Daniel

lights and stage noises, assisted by Preston, Abc Suvitsky and Jack

, Library School Class

Florcncc Pi'yzborowska and Louis Shapiro. freshmen.

Fl'ancc‘llov Sophomoms- A150 W011" Kappa Bcta has ulso taken into
ing with hci‘ arc: Rita Benedict, ’39,
Mrs. Alta Bulkus, graduate student,
(Conform-(l (ill [my/r .7, column ll Schwartz, freshmen.

Former State Student Writes
Describing Life on Whiteface

iiy Sully Young -é>'-~—~ ' ' >—~-h-- “We-~-
(ll'illk \vutcr us such, but instcud
drink quilc n bit of coffee, Lou, and
cocoa.

 

There are only three scusons on
Whllcfucc Mountain, July, August,
and Motor. thii a lady visitor cx— _ ,
claims about the cold illl(l usks if , 0001‘111315d0‘1“93""0"""101iy»b“l
tho”, ,5 W“. summer. the reply is: in case the power fails, as it sonic-
..Smm.‘ but you missed it, may IL lliiics docs. lhcyr have u gllSlOlllle
1‘“ “00” mm)" ficully bccuusc u constnut buckdruft

Such lll‘l‘ some of the illuminating , [0mm m mu m” H". “1.0; H mmng
('Olllllil’lilﬁ 0n 1110 WURUK‘!‘ HIV“! by vciililuloi‘ which llicy possess helps,
Idwul Pui'i‘y, u l'oi'iuci' Stuti' Collvgc but docsii'l coiiiplclcly stop the
student who is now living ut the “cubic. A littlc kl‘l‘Oh‘L‘IlL‘. stovc,
whpomcc Mmmmm Obsorvulory, un pluccd ill lhc instrument room, ulds
(‘Xllt'l‘lllll'lltlll \vcuthi-i' sluiioil iii (“Wink lllv tilli'linn‘ lo keep them
Wiliiilngtou. Ncw York. The mulcr- “’lll'm-
lul for this fcului'c was obtained ’l‘hc ll'illlit'i‘llllli'l' full as low us 2
from u ivttcl' Wl‘itlvn by Pui'ry t0 dcgi'ccs ubovc zcro ill Novciiibcr, but
u i'i'iciid ut Slutc, lhut didn‘t llill(lt'l‘ sleep, for their

'l‘hc country ui'ouiid thc obsci'vu- Slt‘i'llillu bugs keel) Ult‘m \VIU'HI 111,
mm is cullcd the Land of the Frozen “115' it'llllll‘l'lllrlll't‘r HOWWW 001“
Flume it seems that during an cs- WINS Willi) “10 l0i) 01' WNWIIICO
pcclully cold winter, a farmer “'“ll 51W“ {01'0" “1111 (1105’ I100“
uoilccd lhut hc could not blow his bi‘ill'dh‘ 101' DI‘OU‘CUOIL
cuiidlc out. To his surprise, hc dls- 1"ch miles from the obscrwuory
(‘()\'('l't‘(l lhui lhc l'luiuc wus frozcii. [hero is u toll housc. 'I‘ho trip down
living illl liigciilous Northci'iici', hc llll‘l't‘ pi'm'idcs u gi'uiid ski l’l(lt‘, when
l'lll off lhc l'i'ozcn l'luiiu-s, suvcd lhciii liic snow is ill condition for skiing.
in u cold plnvc, nod ill lhc summer A short limo ugo, one of tlic boys
Milli lllt‘lll for sli'uwbci'i'lcs. 'l‘hc iilll(ll‘ this li‘lp ul'tci‘ u snowfall of ten
hook, "Lislcu for u Loin-sonic Drum," inchcs. It look him one hour to go
contains liils und much other li'u- down, uud three hours to return, bo-
dilloii uiul folklore of New York cuusc of tho condition of the snow.
Hiulc. A few days later it tiichd, and the

NW,” pun-y and my, fellow trip down could be made by walking
Wl'llllll‘i‘ (ll)St‘l'\"(Jl‘, Btllljllilllll Schlf— l" “10 “WI. Willi‘h W95 “UMP-d 01'
for of R. 1’. l., who is also the radio SHOW.
opci'uloi', have been in their winter 'I‘hoso pci'soiiul dcluils illustrate
quarters for about two months al- life in this iiiounluln-top laboratory

 

rcudy. They have a seven month’s in northern New York, and make to all future elections, both class and
food supply, including a side of beef, vitul the work and experiences which student association.

but they miss milk and bread. are being shared by these two
To get water, it is necessary to scientists in the Land of the Frozen
mclt ice; consequently they don’tlFlumo.

     

 
 

lilcdgcshii). Moc chctgnll, l—li'utllilllc ""H'ml'l' ('O-l’l) Mullilgel'.
sludciit, and Irving Smith and Joe

of providing greater secrecy iii
counting the ballots.

ui‘c udvlscd to have their tax tickets
on their person or to know their

ballots will be thrown out.

 

A t Education Conference

On lusl Monday, January 10, Miss
Ht‘lt'll T, Fuy, tlic formci' manager
of tho Co—op, spoke to Miss Hennc's
class on the History of the Book and
Priming. Miss Fuy, who is now one

01' the four partners of Holiday
House. publishcrs of children's books,
spoke to the class on “The Making
of a Book."

TOlllOl'l'OW. Miss Fuy will be one
lof the speakers at the Progressive
iL‘ducullon Conference in Washing—
ton, D. C. Among other speakers
on the program is Mrs. Franklin D.
Roosevelt, who will talk about more
regional storics for children.

Miss Fuy will long be remembered
for llu- purl shc pluycd iii establish-
ing the Colicgc Co-op, It was she
\viiosc efforts resulted in its cstub-
llshmi-iil uud under her direction
since 1924 it has developed into its
pi'csciil sizc. Miss Murgai'ct Bur-
iictlc, '36, filled the vucuncy loft by
Miss li‘uy ill April, 1937.
Myskania Passes Ruling

For Voting Procedure

Ull(l(‘l' it NOW ruling pusst by My-
skuiilu, sciilor hoiioi‘ui‘y society, vot—
crs will sign the numbers of their
student tux tickets to the ballots in
l'ului'c clcclloiis instcud of lhcli'
numcs, according to Warren Dens—
niorc, pn-sidciil of Studcnt ussociu—
lion.

This ruling, Dcusinoi'c cxpluiucd,
was brought ubout duo to the coin-
plululs of various individuals. Al-
though il, moons more work for My—
skuulu, it should uttuiu its purpose

All persons at the time of elections

ticket. number, This ruling applies

twice in the same election, both

 

 

rivin' )rotcction from irresionsible
Kappa Bctu conducted its formal  g l l

[initiation lust Friday night at its
fraternity housc, 264 Western Ave-

to S pcuk

representative to lho Stutc legisla-

hini one of a court of commission on

on the Board of N. Y. Stale Normal
school from 1982 until 1886 when be
In the event that a number is used Wus elected superintendent of public

 

 

The remainder of the assembly, FreShman Commlsmon
will be devoted to voting for one
chocrlcuder. The candidates chosen
spcctlve classes, are Gor—

  
 
 
   
  
   

Will Conduct Meeting

Freshman Commission will con-
duct a meeting Thursday afternoon
at 3:30 o'clock in the Lounge of
Richardson hall.

As a follow-up on the lust meeting
at which Mr. Jacques and Mr. La-
Sniic from the Ten Eyck hotel (loin--
onsti-utcd coiffures, this period will
be given over to a discussion of
make-up and the care of the skin.

Dolores Gcbliui‘dt, representative
and demonstrator of Max Factor’s
cosmetics, will be present to demon-
strate correct make-up. Miss Gob-
hurdt plans to devise individual
charts for everyone present.

All freshmen \vomcii are cordially
invited.

 

Administrationvl-Iall Tait—e; Name
From Famed Teacher, Statesman

This is Mr first in. o S(‘l‘l('.\' ofo‘r.—~~-~ Hm ~
rli'lir'li's “vim-n by David Mbisbcrg vduculioxml matters with his exper-
[)I'INI'Il/illﬂ HH’ Iim's o] /}I(' [)l'U])](' it‘llCt‘ in politics, he pussed many

Moore, '38, Robert Karpcn, ’40, and
Charles M, Matthews, graduate stu-
dent.
The program for the event is as
follows:
I
Carols

a. Christian song of the 14th. cen-

tury . ............ .. _ .Arr. by Willan
b. The Hirer: kings . .. Willem

c. I sing of a maiden . Candlyn
d. Thc holly and the ivy . . 

Arr. by 
’i‘hc Choral Society '
II

C'hm-onnr Tomaso Vitali

’i‘osclia Seidcl

Folk Song Arrangements
a. Woke (hoe now, dearest (Czcko-

Slovakian) Arr. by Dccms Taylor

b. Twenty, eighteen lEnglish)...........-..

Arr. by Dccms Taylor

0. Quick, inc hour: but a. second

(Irish) Arr. by Stanford

d. ’I’hc Gulwoy Piper (Irish) ............... ,.

Arr. by Clough-Lelghtcr
’l‘hc Choral Society
IV

a. [comoiicc in. F major Beethoven
b. Mcnur't . Mozart
c. Ilinu/orion Douro No. I Brahms

'i‘oschu. Seidcl

} (Continued on. page /,, column 1)

for whom (hr (‘ollr’m' buildings- (“'1‘ bills uppropriating money for rc-

uonmi.

Conti'ui'y to popular bclici‘ ill1(l un-
known to most of us, tiic names oi“
the buildings on the State college

forms pusscd in the legislature.

Hc spent two yours as superinten-

dent of schools in Cleveland until
1894 when he was called by the Unl~

cuinpus hch a reason behind them. I VPFHIIN of Illinois to become its presi-

Aflci' u litllc rcscui'ch, we found that
thcsc iiumcs have u very interesting
background.

I)l'll|)(‘l' hull, the udiiiliiisti‘ution
buildiiiu. dci'chs its iiumc from An-
(ll'l‘W Slouii Draper, politician and
oduculor, born on Juno 21, 1848. His

dciit uiid sci'vcd tcii very satisfactory
years. In 1904, with the revision
uiid renovation of tiic New York
Stutc cducutionul system, he was
clcclcd its first commissioner for a
pci‘iotl of six years at lhc end of
which ho was given a continuance

plum,” pumms came from New during good bchuvioi', so satisfactory
idiigiuiid to Albany where he wusiw‘w“ “15 “OWICCS'

boi'ii. Hc gruduutcd from the Albilllyl During his life he i'cvolvcd many
Acudciny and Law school. From 1886 honors; iic \vus uwurdcd medals from
l" 1870, while in Law Scliooi, he the Paris uud Sl. Louis Expositions,
luuglit in tho Albuny Academy and uud ill 1901i wus uppoiulcd u lllt‘lllbei‘
\vus principal of Wcsli‘ord grade of thc Ncw York Slutc lioui'd of
school, It wus at that limo that he Iiidiuu Commissioners. He died in
llllll'l'l(‘(l it Miss Abbie Lyons of Now his liﬁlh your ul‘lci' it hard but honor-
lii’iluiu. rd lli‘c,

While practicing law, ho was ap-

Ho left behind several books which

pointed a member of tho Albany ho had written and two encyclo-
Bourd of Education for two yours, pcdiiis which he had edited; and
until lllili, when ho was elected it those remain as a memorial to his

native mind and never-ceasing
turn on the Republican ticket. In cfl'oi'ts. Today we are much indcbt~

1884, President Gui‘i‘icid appointed cd to Alltll'l‘W Draper for the reforms

illltl pi'ogrcsive features which he in—
thc "Alabama" claims. Ho servod sluulod in our educational system,
but. iimst of all for the precedent
which he sot—that to gain advan-
logos for education, we mus not
instruction. In his six years in that hesitate to enter into political circles

office, by combining his interest in and fight for our rights.

 

 

 

