  

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918

The undergraduate NeWspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: Office, 5-9373;' Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,
3-1848; Nightingale, 12-4144; Gaylord. 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffiee

NIPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

. n . .

NailonalAdvertlsmgSerwce,Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y.

CHICAGO - DOEION - L05 IIIIGELES - SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHI Woczolc  .. . . .Editor-in-Cllief
DAVID B. SMl'l‘lI ..  . . ,. Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Halmvm . Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O’HmlA .  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN STRONG  Associate Managing Editor
~MILDRED E. NlGlITlNGALE  Business Manager
'CHARLES W. GAYLORD . Advertising Manager
Woman A. BlLZl  ..   Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan  ..  ...... .Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin   Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark  Women's Sports Editor

Sophomore Desk Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwald
Leonard Kowalsky David Minsberg
' Associate Editors
Muriel Goldberg, Ramona Van Wie. Albert Architzel
V Joyce Maycock, Charles Ettinger, Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board

Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron

The All-State Dance

Evidently last year’s Student council
had a good idea when it inaugurated an
All—State dance. Coming, as it does, dur-
ing the lull between the big dances of the
year, its comparative lack of expense, and
an orchestra for the music, combine to
make a dance like this a success and a wel-

_'come informal function.

This year, under the leadership of the
class of 1941, another All-State dance has
been planned.
ation is to be commended. All four of the

 

 

Otto Howe
Sally Young

 

classes have donated time and money to,

insure the success of the second All-State
dance. The various details to be taken care
of were divided among the four classes and
each class is determined to make its mem-
bers do more than their required share.
But the freshman class is doing most of all.
It put up the highest amount of money; it
arranged for the committee work. When
a freshman class organizes so well as to
prod the upperclassmen into a college func-
tion, that class is to be lauded.

And may the amplifying system for the

Commons, to be purchased with the mo,

 

 

The superior class cooper- 3

l

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH

 

Barnum at State College

 

 

COMMENTSTATER
We think that it is paradoxical to say the least

 

 

that that organization which does the most to publi- v
cize the college is one of the least known among the ‘

members of the student body. Perhaps it would not

be amiss to explain the why, what, or where of the ‘

State College Press Bureau.

In 1935, a group of underclassmen, under the lea-
dership of Dr. William French, instructor in education
and former editor of the STATE COLLEGE News, met to
form some organization comparable to the publicity
departments of other colleges. Among the first mem~
bers were Fred Dexter, Harry Gumaer, and Virginia
Stoel, of last year's class, and Richard Cox, Marjorie
Crist, Warren Densmore, and Sophie Wolzok, seniors.

The purpose of the organization as stated in the
constitution drawn up by the charter members is “pri-
marily to publicize the activities of the students of
the college and the college itself in the newspapers
throughout the state with the view in mind of placing
New York State College for Teachers in the rank of
the major higher education institutions of New York
State.”

At first there appeared small notices in the various ,

papers throughout the state saying the Jane Junior

had been attendant to the Campus Queen. or Sammy ‘

Sophomore had made the Dean's list. These were
followed by more detailed releases and pictures. From
this nucleus the Press Bureau has grown, and today

in collaboration with other agencies. there is an at- ,

tempt to publicize not only the activities of the lndivl~

dual students, but the general activities—debating;

dances, and the constitutional assembly.

The Press Bureau was first instituted in conjunc- ‘

tion with the News, but since recognition by the Point
System Revision committee, the two organizations
have become distinctly separate. All underclassmcn
are eligible to try out for the Bureau. whose personnel
includes members of the three upper classes and fresh-
man try-outs from among whom the new members will
be chosen in the spring. and announced on Moving—up
Day.

Boo/e of the Wee/e:
Hard Raw Life

"To Have and Have Not." by Ernest Hemingway, 264

pages.

'On satc ill the co-op»
by David Minsbcrg

Ernest Hemingway‘s "To Have and Have Not" is the
story of Harry Morgan, 21 man who lived hard and died
hard. At the bottom of all his smuggling, murdering
and illegal business, however. is a queer set of morals,
and a wife and family.

Most of Hemingway's admirers will like this novel;
as for those who won‘t, they will look on with mixed

‘ disgust and envy, and enjoy it as much as the others.

i The book is composed mainly of setting with brief bits

ceeds, materialize. Another way of saying ‘

that would be, may we see all of you there.

Community Sing
The \1 \\’\ wishes to congratulate the
Advanccd class for their bc—
twccn—plzly wcll as for
their schcdulcd plays.

llrallmtics
entertainment as

The piano and \'ltlllll wcrc wclcomc and
made thc limc llccdcd change of sccllcl'y a
part of lllc clucl'talnmcnl. No longer was
it necessary to l'oycrl to childhood tricks to
keep amuscd.

Now community singing is brought to
the State college audience. Although S'tatc
collegians, as all Albanians, are somewhat
shy of expressing themselves ill group song,
still the singing done 'l‘ucsday night showed
promise. EVcn the more timid of the aud—
ience later declared thci - approval and en-
thusiasm for the idea.

 

of character scattered profusely. so that as you progress
through the book, yoll know more and more about the
characters, and why they act us they do, until at the
clld of the book a grand cllllglllmcllt clarifies and ex-
plains every action of lllc whole story, It is the en-
lightenment that leaves you feeling as if you have just
made a (liscovcl‘y~»-li ncw assay line the unknown.

Onc early notices his use of l'ilW and acrid lan-
guage and style that typifies all his work‘that make
his story distinctly diffcl'cnt from both the usual draw-
ing-room novel and the unnatural blood and thunder
talc. His language. so plain that it ol'lcll lllpscs illto
vulgarity, is infinitely more natural lllllll tllc Gals-
worth,’ and Walpole sllow’cl'cd upon poor studcllts in
school; it is further cnlulncl-d by lts unrcflncd sim—
pllclly; ll()\Vt.'\'L‘I' it oflcn sccllls to bc overdone by its
cxllggcl‘ulcd use llllthough us its supportcl's may say
with juslllicullon. "Don't wc lulk llnll wuy lll l'cul
llll"?"|

lll. llllilll l'llllllll'll'l, hulllu; lllc lulu; ol lllc lllth‘lh
lllltlll. lHL.‘,ll(‘~. lll lllt‘ plculc:,qllc now-ls, lb continually
ln'l'tllllllll’, l‘lllliltlllttl lll bl'clllhlcss lllld duluu-l'ous lll-
Ill;:ulnc. lluullon... Iloln whlcll hr clncmcs llol ull--
lulllllcd lll ollc. lu- 1mm. hr lll'lll, lll unolllcl' lllh lllc

and u 1:» u sfl'alllln- lill'l lhul, lll‘lllllllﬂ’t'll)’ ls onc of

llu- by; author.» who lllc. :l'u-d. ulld ‘.ll(‘l‘t‘t'(ll‘il lll lnllk-
lnl; ollchllllcd lll'l'Uh lllll‘lll'lHI‘ to thc l'cudcl'.

II, it; pul'utlor-llcul Io llnd ln such ll slol'y traces of
uclulmcnlullly bul
llt'l'll collllnllx ull his cl'lllu:. for lllr. wlh- unll lillllll)".

lln-_\’ ul‘c hclc llc\'cl'llull-,~;s, lllc
lllt‘ (trunks and dcpluycd ltllll'll»l.. ilt'l' .‘d‘t‘l‘illll‘, u llcw
und bcllcl' lllc; lllc liliml. tlcspcl'utc cllul'uclcl's ul'c
Ihosc who want most u qulcl. llnd pclu-clul life,

This is such a book that, wllctllcl' you like it or {

nol. mukcs ltll impression on you that is as lncfface-
able as a striking real-life experience

ll, 1938

Personal
Viewpoints

We were not fooling and We
don't believe that the student
committee was when they asked
the outcasts not to inhabit the
Activities office if they did not
hold an office that entitled them
to be there. Did it do any good
asking them in not too polite a
vein? Now. We ask them again
to do something about it—that
ls—keep out! If they do not we
ask the heads of the activities to
conduct a meeting to arrange
some system by which the office
once again becomes a little more
private. Lock the doors and let
people bang on them in vain—
let no one in unless they have
and use a key. There are lockers
for coats; and the Commons and
Lounge for relaxation—here are
the places for those people who
have no business in the sanctum.

t t I: A:

Incidentally. when is the
Lounge open? We’ve been down
there a couple of days and it has
been locked. We've a suspicion
that a lot of us would like to go
down there at various times in
the day to rest in the downied
davcnports and the comfortable
chairs.

like:

And do not forget that All-
State dance next Friday night.
Step up and ask the best dough-
dcplctcr that you know and be
swing catty for a night. In other
words:

Don't forget to get your date
for the All-Slate dance immc-
diatcly.

EGO

 

State ’3 Stage

Congratulations
and

. Condolences

 

 

l With the return of Charlie Chan,
lMl'. Molo, Tarzan, and the depress—
llon (recession?) the Playgoer gives
,a return engagement (or didn’t you
lknow he'd been avay?l

Tuesday evening's due provided in-
teresting entertainment. A general
point of value (we hopel-«the light-
iing in both plays was poor. It was
‘cxtrclncly difficult to note any facial
expression, the spot was badly focus—
ed, and the shifting loo noticeably
.latc . . . Light rehearsals? . . .

Miss Lynch's play . . . a capany
directed. novel experiment, which
turncd out wcll. The odd set was
iwcll constructed, and with the wink—
ling moon most original. Costumes
,and make up were remarkably real
. . . May we compliment Miss Arndt,
Mr. Hart and Ml'. Nordcll on their
rcal'lstlc portrayal of tile canine
spccics. Ml'. Hart lookcd most con-
vincing from the profile angle; each
of the tlll'cc were well defined, lll-
dividuul pcrsonnlltics, adept at his
style of barking. The pantomlnc,
well-planned, was effective. Con-
gl'alulallons!

We’re afraid Mr. Wlllsh undertook
lllc production of a difficult play.
It fell rather flat. to be frank. Tllc
tcmpo was not speedy cnough for a
light colllcdy , . . quick cuc pick-ups
work WUilthl‘tl. Tile sct was a good
tltlclllpt toward originality, but was
not. at all cnllullccd by llle cracks
bclwccn flats. A suggcslionmsomc
color. and n l'cw knick-kllllcks- *l'lOOI'
lumps. picturcs»~wou1d have cnllv-
cllcll it.

'l‘llc cllul'llctcl's , . . Miss Hlllel'tl
llooks wcll on tho stage. possesses a
lglolul \olcc ulul slugc pl'cscncc. llcl'
lt'lllll‘lll'll'l' was wcll hcld, but \vc fcll
1lhul mum of lllc good conlcdy lllll‘},
whlcll wcl‘l- mlsscd would have bccll
lccclycd if :.llc lllul pluycd lllc [llll'l
lwllh llltll‘t' nonclnlluncc . Mr.
IWullll .~ .v lllll‘ plll'lnl-l [of Mr
llllylold l .« |.l‘,.',l' plc.~cllcc l;, good
(in .l.c ".hoic .,c lcll lll.» clml'uclcl‘
l':l|ln'l‘ lllll'ltll'yllll'lll“
youlo‘ Illlll \\l:.ll lulppclu-(l lo lllc
‘VI'illlill-ll :nl‘clll“ lll' llllll u l'ollplc of
ilnch mulls-oh. \\l5('ll wl- though! hc
lll'llllllhf'fl wcll, but lcll shortly lllll-l'
‘ Mr, lil‘zull’s llllcs l'ccclvcd l1 few
lwcllk llllllgllr. from lllc audience—Mills
Villt‘o was cxccllcnt, but his l'ccltu-
llon und ncllon \vcl'c loo autolllatlc,

'l‘hc lain-r \\’i'lL1‘-ll]) sounds like u
'pullnlng ll 1:.11’1. Just bc careful of
,"uclionlcss" plays with little point
they scldom go och'

 

 

lll' l)l‘l'llllli‘ loo

 

 Statesman

 

 

 

Question of the day: Is there a
songstress in the Shawboat? Soph
softies are bidding early for dates
. . . even the fairer '40ers. Well, it’s

oft been said, better safe than
Soiree.
. After looking at the headline relat~

Ilng to the intramural basketball

'games We would like to know who
llost.

Lonsdale is king! Regal Reg ac-
cepted. Suitors on all sides were
thrown for a loss. Statesman takes
a chance on being crownedl Ac-
cording to Dick, he wouldn’t go with
anyone ex—sceptere.

Sorry, “Honi . . . pense," but this
quote just couldn’t wait: Bosley:
Don't I always give in, fellows?"
Incidentally, is Joe going with
In Gamma Kap or with Gamma
IKap?
' Niagara goes on, proving that the
lArnold-Deiseroth affair wasn't the
most consistent overflowing in the
world. Theirs looked like a pretty
llhorough falls, however.

! Santl returns to Gamma Kap!
‘Springy Sprague and Porky are far
lnhcad of the sprig of Spring.
There's a new busybody at work in
'the Fed stall of the Activities office
these days. Petite Eleanor Pratt,
mOstly of other places (R. P. I. or
iUnionl, is the beaver lll, the type-
lwrltcr ill the corner,
, The Statesman writcs a letter:
incur '41: In reply to the request
.lnadc to us by the sign lll lllc base—
lncnt of Husled, we y'lsh to State
that it will be indeed a pleasure to
ibc at your dance. but you won't even
know that we‘re there. Amen.

Orchids go to the Soiree publicity
committee this week for the excellent
pictures with which their signs are
:bcsprinklcd.

l Murphy and Perry are just a little
*lJI‘lIOI' than friends at this point.

, The soph proxy and his freshman
lfl'lend aren't going to let anything
:like a rivalry basketball game come
between them; you see them
llogethcr as usual, this eve.

j Our parting shot lor the week is:
i To the Campused Quccns at West-
IL‘l'll Hall:

Little girls who don‘t like rules

Ought to go to other schools,

; Little girls who stay out late
Should expect a bitter late,
Be careful, folks!

THE MAN OF STATE

 

 

 

Hellen ics

 

 

Hello! Just tell more days to
Spring, sol'ors! Prepare for an on-
slaught bccllusc that's when a young
man's fllncy turns . . .

But. as for right now. well. Cllpld
sccms to bc doing rather well by
himscll'. AEPhl ullnounccs tllo cn-
gllgcmcnt of Martha Rolnik, '37, to
Max Plotnlck, a graduate of Union
collcgc.

And lhcy'l'l- still pledging, Ncw
mclllbcl's lll iiclll thu are Athena
Cummings, and Charlotte Mllmmcry,
:unlllomol'cs, and Hallo Collklin. Pat-
l‘lt'lll Culvcl', Bctly Elson, :lnd Helcn
Lushcl', frcshmcll. Fl'osll pledges
now lll'c Mudclyn Bccrs, Lois Glclmr
lsnbclla Robinson, and Julia Tun-y
m-ll. whilc Lucllzl Hcss. '40, holds
down lllc .‘xllllll‘ nonol'.

Mul'ltlll Ayotlc, Mlldcllnc Block,
lll-11y lilllcr. llclcn Pillnun, and
l"l()l‘t*ll(‘l' ltcddlsll, l'l‘cshmcn. und

ltllcn Pcdcl'scn. ’40, have lllkl-n Illcil'
linul vows lll Sigma Alpha. lictty
lioynlon, Alida Clumlll, Mary Manor,
and lVIill'll‘ Soluhnl'd. l'l'c:.lllllcll ul'c
lllc lulcsl ph-(lgcs.

Alpllu ltho unlloullccs n ncw lnclll-
bcl'. Milly ('lll'l', '40. and ll l)l‘llll(l-ll“W
plcdgc, (lcll'y l’lcul, ‘41.

137. opl-lu-d lll. doors wldc1o(.‘hlll‘-
lollc ltockow, Ti“, and llol‘olhv [.m-
of lllc sllllu t’llth. i

.ilul Iun- lll'l‘ u flock of unnonlu'l-
lllf‘lll‘\ ll'olll lll" I'Illl l‘hl (lll\ bowl“.
licIH lit'nllllll‘ will ll;l\c clulllgc of u
.l Io m ;’l'.' n all lllx‘ clmplcl‘ lltlll‘.l'
lolnollov. Jlllt‘lllflllll :‘l ‘.t'('llllll llolc
llllolnc. u. of lllc lllllll of u [laugh
lcl'. l)ol'olll‘,‘ (iuylc. to Mr and l\’ll':.
Honcho. (‘ullu-l'oll. Mrs. (.‘llilll‘lllll

was Mnljol'ic Alllllllﬁ of lllo clubs of
llllili.

And last but, not lc:lsl., colncs lllc
lllllltlllllticlllt‘llt of lllc cngllgcmcnt oi
Ill'lt'll lloluus. '37. to Arthur McCor—

 

mick. a lll'lllllltltt‘ of Union collcgc
and All).Lll_V Law School

......s.-..wuiw._wanxupw

  

I: K  ~

 

 

 

STATE CUI..I..E(SE NEWS, MARCH ll, 1938

Page 3

 

 

Winter Season

Dancing
and

Dive

 

Bl CI

Tuesday afternoon, 3:30. Hmmnl
mm. Let's wander over to Page hall
and see what goes on. In this
“corner,” under the ledge at the far
end of the gym are State's original
square dance enthusiasts, with Stan
Kullman doing the calling. “First
two ladies cross over . . . swing your
corner . . . swing your partner . . .
promenade all . . . first two gents . . .
doucy-do your corner . . . doucy-do
your partner . . promenade all "
At this point everybody relaxes—if
you could call some of those poses
relaxed—until the next set starts.

In those little alley-like affairs on
both sides of the gym the tumblers
are playing monkcy — on - a - rope.
something that looks like a compli-
catcd version of lczlp~frog, double
somersalllls. and swan dives,

()lll ill that fairly cmply spncc
in lllc midst of tllc :.ccming confus-
ion is sll'l-lchcd lllc vollcy bllll llcl
Belly Allcll puls ovcr u nicc onc
which cnlcllcs lllf‘ northward lclun
colnplctcly llllllWlll'l‘S, lecn l'cIull-
ates with two ilt‘lll scl'vcs. Anyone
can tcll how the gumc is )Jl'()l.‘,l't‘.\hlllg
by silnply listening lo the gasps.
“Oh—ooooooh-uh!" Shut-ks! Sonic—
body lnust have lllisscd.

 

All this while M. A. A. and W. A. A. ‘

officials hold :1 joint lncclillg ill W,
A. A. office llbovc Illc gym to (‘llll)ol‘-
ate the plans for Sport night. which
is the cause of all this display of
energy and ambition.

Too bad our swimming lussics lost

the Oneonla lllcct 7 but lllcy certain»

ly tricd hard. Much hulldclaps and
applause for liluh Lcwls for llt‘l'
supcr-spcciul swan (ll\‘(‘ Nice going.
Ruth.

Evcn though Illcrc will be cal'pcn-
ters around putting new locks on the
windows, (Jump Johnston will open
its doors this wcck cnd to Lotta
Bunkers falls. Scc you there, and
let's hopc the pump isn't frozen
again and that We still possess a
dish [Jllll and ll slloyclll

Registrar Releases

1937-38 Bean’s List

‘(,'Utllllllt((l ,tl'olll pogr' 1, column It
Rm 1,. lol I l‘, \l.||'l<l|| Strong, \ll‘uillm
llundn- l'n.ll',cs u.
S.ll:l'llll, \l.ll',\' 'c
Scllocl'llcl', I'llill'l‘ \\':l|ll~l*~. li;l_\lllon:l
loll \\'olnlu-l'gl-r. .lcllllllc
s'cllllllz. .l.llll' \\'1-i\.~' Syllin
Sill-l‘lvooll. Holly \\'cylwl', ll:lnic|
H‘Hcl's. \\'il|l:lln \\"Ilc'/.,\n~lli, All
Spawn-inc. .\l:ll_l lholly
Strong, .lczlll chlmn. ll--lcll
(‘lllss ol‘ llldU
Adlcl', l“llll'l'll('t‘ ly'o\v.ll~l\,\. l,mll].‘|l'll
.\lll;lcllcl‘. .llllll.‘ lilllllllan. SLlnlcy
\I'I|tlll|_ .\'ol‘lll:lll l..tlll'|ll|l. \l..‘dl'.r.]
lil"l, llihn l,tlll \‘ li-«llvl'
Iiluckhlll‘ll vI't‘~"Itll \I.l~'lil'l;_'ill'. ll.ll'u|:l

 

 

|’.l:l|n-. ll- lu-ll \Ilt \lll' \Ill'jul‘lw
l‘.uc|_. \‘ol'lnlnu \l Il'l’lll lulnl’l
l'._\l‘llc. .lllllcl \ll is n t‘hll-llulc
l':lll-- llllmlmlh H. ~ ll h \l llwl
l‘,l-hlnlll Ilt'lill I‘ |I,’lll|||l \ll lllw-l
l‘nllcn fll'lcl- |'- Il‘ll' l‘hll'bs
llll ll‘lppv- ,lx-.lll l‘: lll / lirlinl'
lll-\m-l’ \nl‘nmn l'nw- ! 'I n. roll
|‘.-nll I‘I \‘ll'glllill l'l'uhnl. llciln
l'lly Rollo ,\':lllnll.l'- l\ it'll“-
l"l',llllwl. lll-I'lH-l'l \W‘llm l'. l".lj.
I"l'l'lllllllll .l.|lll|‘|‘ \ll1l\.ln lillzl
Ililllll l"v-~| llll‘Il-l' Lorrain-
llll'|ll \\‘.llll‘l I-l. \l‘llllol
||~nl\ ll-Illl‘l'l \‘f .‘.-\\»l,: ,Iohn
|\'.ll']wll llolnl'l \\--:I ll Il-ll

I'lllss of lll“

 

Aloft-ml. \l.lc. ,\|Ill \Illllll'll \llli l\
\ll'wllll'll,.llrrlllll \ll‘.<|‘ \ltl |
illl- ll, l llvlw-
um: I. \I,Il‘l.lll A - i ll I.
l'llln roll \\.1I,lln ll: lll ‘. |  l.-
|.Ill.ll. \lnolll Ill lyl‘l lt‘ \
lit-on \lll_\ l2 ﬁlm l.l‘llf
lonlpu- l‘lnnclw \l \lll='ll \ lll‘w.
(.l..nllllll S,\|\l:l \II'I\4l' llilll
Hot h. l\' llllcl'lln- Sll~ lo I' Ill l"
Illlll2\\|!/ Slllll lll l\lll
lyl-ln-n lII‘l'llIllI 'I‘llpp \lt‘ y
i ll‘ ‘Il IIfllll 'l‘l'ml l..lw Il‘ll
l l ful lll‘lll l lllll‘ l‘l‘ l
\lllnnnj lllnm

News Board Members
At Columbia Conference

l"|\l llu-lnllcl's ol llll‘ boul'll ol lllc
ﬁlm ('llllld Nl-‘ws lli’l' :lllcndllu;
lln- (‘olulnblll Hl'llfllllfwllf‘ I‘ll‘ . An».
clnllon conlcl‘cncc lll Ncw' Yolk (‘lly
lhl: wcclz. 'l‘lu-y wlll llllclul lllccllllg:
lll (‘ohunblu lllll\<‘l.'\l|\ lo. lcploncn»
lullycr. of Hlluc collcgc .Jl-un leolln.
‘Iiil :l:;.ocl:llc lllullllullu', cllllol' of lllc
NI:\\ . \\lll bc onc ol lllc .-.ludcm
spcalkcl's.

’l‘llom- nllcndlng nl'c.‘ Mlldlcd
ngllllluqulo 'Iitl. bllslncss lnllllulgcl';
Vll'llll'lll lillrl, '30. circulation mun—
ugcl'; ond lifllil‘l'l llcl'lwlg. Edgar
O’llol'n. and Miss l-lll'ong. julllol's,
assoclulc lllanuglllg l-dltol's

Foul Shooting Tournament
Ends and ‘21’ Contest
Takes Its Place

With the varsity season at a close
until spring, intramural sports are
again under the limelight, One of
the most diversified programs that
State has ever seen is at present oc-
cupying spare time.

The foul shooting contest was
slated by Patsy Miranda to end
today, whether or not everyone took
advantage of the two weeks over
the deadline. In its place the “21"
contests will hold sway. A chart is

ands himself.

Tom Meehan, erstwhile chief box—
ing mentor has found it necessary
dculh lll the family. Bill Barrett

lsl’lcd with his class.

 

lol' have been ll‘l'cd Day and Bob
lllcnry

I Tumbling is rapidly gelling into.

slmpc under lllc able hands of Bill
llopkc. He is developing a five-man
,squzld consisting of himself, Torrens.
:Wciss, Thomas. and Day. Bill has
ldcvclopcd something of an innova-
‘lioll in State's halls by starting in-
door pole vaulting. He hopes to
make something out of liens l1
‘l‘t‘Sllll. any ncw material lll lllc form
of mcn will bc wclcolned.

The swimming program is comin—
uing under the (lil'ccllon of Louis
Fl'llllccllo. The new "five point"
program which ho is worlung out is
lxpcclcd to glllncl' ncw interest. The
"five points" consist of live events of
a swimming meet to be conducted
ill the limo" fulurc, diving, breast-
stroke. ll't‘l.‘ style. backstroke, and
ulldcl'wnlcl' swimming. Teams from
group houses and commuters will be
formed, and captains named soon.
The mcct will be conducted on a
Saturday and participation will be
divided into two classes novice and
open.

Joe Boslcy ul‘gcs those who wish
to parliclpluc in the ping pong tour—
lltllllL’lll lo obscrvc lllc nolice posted
on the chart in the Commons. It
sllltcs that all first round matches
lnusl bc complctcd in two weeks.
l'l‘llls l'tllf‘ will be strictly adhered to.
lAllyollc who wishes to default his
game should drop a note to Joe, or
'bolh he and his opponan will be
climllllltcd lll lllc end of the two
{week dcndh’nc. Strong men ill the
lourlmmcnl as shown by their pl'cv-
ious record lll'c Tomasiun,
‘Bcl'killgol'f. and Murphy.
‘l‘or lllc intcl'cst of the inll'amul'zllly
lllclillcd. Judging from scores, some

,of lllc follows are really warming up. ' -

llllgh slnglcs arc Edgc. Collcge house,

gllll; K llollncs. All Others, 180'; ancllu.“d 11“”0" (We ml”- - '
1(7 Sllul'cl'. Avllloll. 173. High lollllsl'Wn “ml “‘5
llll‘c Educ, .506; Holmes, 490; lllltilb“1‘“"' “H ' ~ -
l'l‘homzls. Sigma Lambda Sigma, 448.l- ‘

Varied Program 3

l

l
l

to be drawn up this week end of the we would again publish such records
schedule and will be posted Monday. should the occasion arise . . .
Last year’s winner was Patsy Mirw

 

to relinquish the duties due to a: ,
|lhc onc scnlor \ve sk , . .

has taken over and seems well sat-llmman?
standouts sol

Kuhn, , “Billing

1 Bowling is one of the favorite bids:

T To Conduc

 

The 
Pitcher ’s l
Box

W. D. R.

We were severely criticized a week
ago for publishing the individual
scoring records of State's basketball
squad . . . We feel sure however that

 

 

 

 

We were told that it was human
nature for such records to affect in-
evitably our varsity squad . . . all ex-
cept the one senior . . . why segregate
isn't he
’ True . . . individual scoring with-
out individual co-opcralion is detri-
jmcntal but nevertheless
«and it is a sad factorl . . . basket-
ball is an lllhlclic contest where the,
scorcboul'd figures decide the iln-,
olrdlutc outcome . . . we say im-
lllfrlltllt' because we realize that
,individunl scoring and scoreboard
1figul'cs were ncvcr meant to be
‘clllsscd with lllc ultimate outcomes
resulting from each and every ath-
lclic conlcst . . . those ultimate out-
conll-s are not very difficult to find,

. they have bccn stressed by the
l‘oslcl‘cl‘s of athletic competition for
ccnlurl’r-s . , . and if is lllcsc same,
outconlcs that have bccll placed high 1
upon a pcdcstnl of athletic achievc-‘
man as a goal for every athlete to
shoot at . . .

Thcir ultimate outcomes . . . wel

bclicvc .
. perhaps unconsciously . . . in

 

..._._.__A___. . -..-_~ Q

lntramurals Have lFrosh-Soph Basketeers

t Rivalry Game

Juniors and Seniors to Meet
In Preliminary Contest

 

Page hall gym will be the scene
of renewed rivalry tonight when the
Golden Cagers of the class of ’40
meet the Red Raiders of the Fresh-
man class in the annual inter-class
basketball game, scheduled for eight-
thirty o‘clock.

Frosh Handicap

Although handicapped by the loss
of Danny Danielwicz, the frosh key
man. who became a full fledged
Sophomore at the beginning of this
semester, the Fresh will be in there
determined, ready, and willing to
give the overconfident Sophs a beat-
lng.

According to George Amyot, and
Mike Walko, juniors, Frosh mentors,
the team‘s playing and pass work in
practice has been ragged. The play
is fast becoming individual; system
and team work appears lost. They
attribute this to the loss of Daniel—
wicz.

However. one ray of hope is left
the Frosh in that during the past
week. the boys have been slowly but
surely cutting out the ragged work,
forgetting individual playing and are
concentrating more and lnore on
passing.

Sophomores Confident

On the other side of the fence in
the Sophomore camp, Tommy Ryan,
38. the Soph‘s mentor, smiled when
asked how the boys were coming
along. He said that they looked
pretty good in practice and were
confident they would beat the Frosh.

In practice, the boys have been
developing fast pass work that is in—
lended to sweep the Frosh off their

ifeet.

Captainlng the sophomores will be

- . l‘Jlﬂi' all jl'nlml'lam lml'lJ‘Walt "Junior" Simmons, and the

starting lineup will probably consist

molding an athlete‘s character forlof Will Frament, and Larry Balog,

later life
lI/lltlttlltllr‘ outcomcs
lllhlctc‘s reputation .
immediate outcomes a reputation is
‘like a chalnclion . .
llhe years . . .

It is a sad factor that the un-
known and unlncnlloncd fellow . . .
who indirectly scol'cs field baskets

l.uild up all

continually . . . dOcsn't receive the
credit due him . . . but such is bas-
chtball . . . we should like to find a

way to give that lollvllou'll fellow
lcrcdit . . .

His fast. accurately passed ball
.which gocs to the player who scores

. . and gets the honor , . . his ever-
spil'it which continually
pushes on the entire squad . . . to
victory . . . his stellar defensive game
which automatically takes the back
seat . , . for the high scoring star
, his willingness to fight in spite

 

of lllc colnplctc absence of
his realiza—

Allna Mater

llllgh plnnagc so for arc C. Slmi‘cl',l""]“””"‘” - ' -

low: 1“. lllcknuln. Avalon. 106:1; llllfli

l-Illuc. U75,

“ 'l‘llc pool loul'nzllllcnt will soon bc lloncd
ops-lung. lllc playoffs llll'clldy having taken out of the "buck scat" but
lllil'lccn . plllccd lll the lllne light

:‘ln I‘ll llflhll’fl Allogclllcl'.

fcllow would not only be

. wllcl'e llc

llln'll :ll'c -.l:llcd lUl‘ lll(' lll'sl round. l‘lghlcously belongs . . .

lState Awaits Baseball Season
As Basketball Campaign Ends ,

by (‘. I'I. Augustine ‘

lllc ll;l.l~‘.clll;lll .‘nl‘llhllll l}. oycl‘ ill
1,1 l and l-\l-l).olu- l\ Iooklng lol'wlll'd
,lo lllul l:l\ol'llc of «ports lilllxl‘lﬂlll,
u lulllun :~. pll:.lllllc l5ul,lc1 llr. l:l\'(ll'
llll‘ tilllll- l):i.‘~l'll'lf‘l‘l',‘l \\‘llll ll l'lulll'c
l):'llll'1- wc plll lllc lllfl’l-Iifi .cllnoll
lllllllllfl 11:. lol' good

l'lull-l Iln- l'llnlllu' lullltl oi ('olu'll
if} l'lllloll llllllll‘ltl ﬁlulc l'ollt-l'c llll‘»
'lll-I ('lllllllllll'fl n llii'wlil'lllilll czllll-
pulcn whlch l'. lllc curl of lllllll\ u
(Illll'l’l‘lll |ll1"llllt‘

VVllll llll‘ lllll'llllh \\lll('ll lll' lllltl
llollnd lll ll _]llllllJl' ulnl IUIH' .‘.o|)llh
[hot \tul‘ ('Ulll'll llllllli‘lil built up u
not nunlnp lcnlll. Ulll‘ll‘l\l‘l_\' us wcll
:l. dclcllmllcly. ’l'llc junior of lunl
l)l‘lll und lllc :u-lllol' of llllr, ycul'
lllul lllcldcnlully, captain of llll'
sound. llc lookcd lol'w'ul'll to flu-
lllli’I-Ilii M'llhllll wllll cllgcl' lllllll'lllll—
,lion blll now all that is bchlnd llllll,
f Looking it your info lllc

l
t

i\'\'lll wl'llc inns lo the

9

lllllll'l‘.,
’olu- lllJlll‘l‘h that the 193i) gl'llduldloll plow-(l (llllhllllldllll; basketball during
basin-[bull ’ lllcll‘

 

I
who will bc l'cmcmbcl‘cd f()l' ills
‘nl'll\lll!f‘, :.llm:.lllllg lllllu'k lll lll St.
Mlcllzul'r. lunnc llll'i‘l' wccks ugo.
l)lll~:c lll'l'.‘~lllill\\'llx, (,‘nrl'oll Iiclulmn
Wlll 'l‘ol'l-l-ns Ml'l‘l‘lll llurd, and
(nolul- /\lll_\lll will also how lclt
bchlllll llll‘lll lllcll‘ cllol'ls, illlll lllcJ
blllllcll ol (‘lll'l\llll’. lllc lol'cll wlll lulll
‘l[)tlll Will l“lllllll‘lll. l.:ll'l'_\' i:ll(l;!,.'
quill) llllh lolwul‘d, Wull Slllllnolls.
.lllll lilll liurl'cll lt l:. n collccllsus
ol oplnlon llull lllllcss lllc ycul' lililll
blllutu lll‘\\ llllill'lllll (‘ouch lllllllcld
wlll hzoc llll‘lll) ol \vol'l'lcs on lllhl,
llllnd llll\\t\l’l llllll'h too ful" llll
lhc lllllllt' lo cycn llllllk about, no
lol‘s pct buck lo lllc pl‘csl-lll.

lnlkc llcl':hl~:owilz was lll‘ll'll—
nu lllle lll bl'mlzllll; home more than,
olu~ \lclol'y (lcorgc Alllyot, cugcy
could who dlspluycd an uncanny
ublllly lll bl'cllklng up cncllly plays,
\‘\'lll ll'llll'll lll'.\.’l scuson. i

lllll 'l‘lll'l'l‘llfi and Merrill Iiul'd dis-

|n‘l‘l(l(ll‘5 on the court, Wllllc

il'lll'f‘l‘l'r‘. of lll)l onc, bllt six cnpuble‘"Wllchc" Lehman played a deter—
lncll, among whom are Mlkc Walko, mlncd gulne.

. it is true that the,forwards,

. . but like the :The

credit 1

cvcn his pcl'solml sclf, , I
I a“ my“. things b010,”4 m [)wlltil' two quarters whlle those who

\\'c would like to find .‘illlllt‘ way .1
. ‘ ‘ lllc,
so that fills unknown and llllmcll—.I

Walt Simmons, center,
Bill Barrett and Bob Stevens, guards.
substitutes. Frank K 1 u g e ,
chorge Pearson. and Homer chgctt.

,Chnliking withlare also expected to see plenty of

luctlon.

The Fl'osh lineup will consist of
limb Oksola, Charles Quinn, Gerald
Saddlclnlre Johnny Yatsenik, and
, Roy McCl‘eary.

‘ Junior—Senior Tilt

In a preliminary tilt starting at
7:30 P. M. the Juniors and Seniors
lwill battle it out for top honors.

The juniors, coached by Walko
and Alnyot, will start their second
team consisting of John Edge, Joe
Bosley, Bernie Gaffney, Jack Mur-
‘phy. and Gordon Tabner, and in the
lsecond quarter they will be followed
by the varsity regulars.

An attempt is being made to give
as many juniors as is possible a
chance to play, and, in the second

 

half the “Regulars” will be replaced
comes  by the third team. l

Thus each regular will see service

llll'c now lncmbcrs of lllc varsity will
play for one quarter.
starting lineup consists of
..awl.on and Hildcbrandt, forwards,
Poul SClllllllZ, center, Pete Rodenrys
and Tom Ryan, guards.

Rcfcl‘eclng lllc Soph—Frosh tilt will
be Coach Elliott G. Hatfield while
Johll Bcdfol'd and Roy Mul'llllg,

‘gl'ads and former mclnbcrs of Tor-

onlo University’s basketball varsity
will l‘cfcl‘cc the Junior-Senior game.
Aftcl' the game LllL’l‘c will be dancing
ill the Commons

 

ICA’I‘ A’l‘ JOHN’S LUNCH
Ilium-rs 25c and up
llclicious Sandwiches and
Sundacs
7:30 A. M. -— 11:00 I’. M.
Opp. the High School

 

(lll-o. l). Jconcy, l’rop

Boulevard

“iii—200 ()I‘JN'I‘IIAL AVENUE

 

W

State Swimmers .
Lose to Women
Of Oneonla Team

Wilson, Chapman, Montfort
In Futile Fight as They
Lose Oneonta Meet

 

Last Saturday in the swimming
meet at Oneonta, State’s women’s
swimming team put up a brave fight
against the Normal School team, but
because of very close finishes ,in
nearly all of the races suffered a de-
feat of 40 to 24. ,
Chapman and Montfort challen-
ged every foot of the fast twenty-
yard free-style dash. Montfort was
leading for a few seconds around the
halfway mark, but fell back to third
place in the last few seconds.
Oneonta's time for first place was
thirteen seconds.

The twenty-yard breast-stroke was
another closely contested event, with
Oneonta placing first, in eighteen
and one—tenth seconds, with North
and Wilson coming in for close
second and third.

In the twenty-yard back-stroke,
the Oneonta team again took the
first two places, with Keables of
State finishing third. The time of
the race was seventeen and four-
tenths seconds.

In the first stunt race of the meet
——the egg and spoon race—-State's
luck began to change, when Barry
led the Oneonta starters to the finish.

The eighty-yard relay was almost
generally conceded to the Onconta
quartet until at the beginning of
the fouréh lap a false start disquali-
fied that entry, giving the race to
the State aggregation.

The second stunt race—the um-
brella race—did not prove as success-
ful for State as the first. Ruth Lewis
trailed the Oneonta contestant to
finish second.

The diving contest was the great-
est heartbreak of the meet.

Oneonta won with the execution
of a handstand while Ruth Lewis
placed second with a swan dive.

 

Albany Uperclassmen

Win In Overtime Game

Last Thursday night the Al-
bany Upperclassmen assured
themselves of a tie for first place
by defeating the College house
cagel's in two overtime periods
by a score of 30 to 29. This game
saw an unusual incident when
one of the Albany boys lost his
bearings and donated two points
to the Central avenue team.
Protests arose after the game as
to whether the basket was re-
corded, and the outcome of the
game was in doubt. In the sec-
ond game of the evening the Al-
bany fl'Osh overwhelmed Potter

 

 

and Grill

club by a score of 35 to 7.

Monday night the fans were
tl'clllcd to a triple-decker. Potter
clllb defeated All-Others 29-17.
The Albany Frosh took ovor the
Kappa Beta squad 39-20, and
Kappa Delta Rho remained in
the runlling for the lead by tying
l1 32-20 defeat on the Avalon-
Spcncer outlft.

 

    

 

earl/alto

‘ OPTICIAN o
FREDETTE'S'
OSCOIUmbiaIlJ’daorotowltwt

COMPETE OPTICAL SERVICE

  

lllul 5-1913

Cafeteria

ALBAN 1'. N. Y.

 

 

 

