  

     
   
 

.. ._-....wmnn-w-Aarmmmw haw-5.4" r <-.‘ ‘

  
   
  
  

   
   
 

mum. s  ..

   
    
    
  
    
 

   
    
  
   
      
   
  
  
    
   

  

Page  H

 

 

STATE COLLEGE News. MARCH 25, I933

 

 

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News
I Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postoffice

IIFIIIIN‘I’ID POI NATIONAL ADVIITIIINC IV

NauonalldvertlslngSemceJnc.
Calla" Publishers Rapraunmllw

PF, MADISON AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y.

JAGO - BOSTON - L0! ANGILIS - SAN 'RAICIICO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

 Editor-in-Ohief
. Managing Editor
ROBERT E. HER'I‘WlG . . Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O’Honx ..   Associate Managing Editor
JEAN STRONG ......... .. .... Associate Managing Editor
‘MILDRsD E. NIoIITINOALu .,   Business Manager
.CHARLes W. GAYLORD .. ._ Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BILZl   _. Circulation Manager

ISSUE EDITOR

Robert E. Hertwig

SornII-i WOLZOK .
DAVID B. SMer .

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

I. Let There Be Light!

' Last week EGO stated that the lights in
Hawley hall were better suited for a dram-
atic production than for reading. From
student comments heard in the corridors,
we gather that EGO is not alone in his be-
liefs.

Definitely something should be done to
eliminate, or at least to lessen, the number
of shadows that fall across the pages we
try so desperately to read. Does it not seem
ironical to study about the eye strain caus-
ed by poor lighting when even as we read,
our eyes are straining to dodge glare from
old-type overhead fixtures,

We suggest removal of the overhead
lighting system and installation of modern
table lamps of the indirect lighting type.
Statistics compiled from tests show these
indirect lighting lamps to be best for read-
ing because of the wide spread of light and
freedom from glare.

The library is the most frequented
building on the campus. Its lighting sys-
tem is the worst. Can’t something be done?

Press Bureau Grows Up

As the Press Bureau of State college ap-
proaches the end of its third year of exist-
ence, we cannot help commenting on its
rapid growth. With its recognition by the
student body—through a four-point listing
on point system—"it emerges from under the
guiding arm of the News as a powerful in-
dependent organization worthy of more
consideration than it now receives in State
college.

We feel that Press Bureau should be
g ‘anted all the rights that other student or-
ganizations havc. 'l‘Wo outstanding needs
of Press Bureau right now are a place on
student association budget, and an office
of its own. Letters cannot be sent out
without involving financial expenditure for
stationery and stamps. Also a typewriter
is of vital importance to a publicity group.

The Nun's office is and always has been
the most crowded office in the activities
room. When both the News staff and the
Press Bureau staff attempt to work there
at the same time, the congestion becomes
impossible. Hence the demand for a sepa-
rate office.

 

 

Commentstater

 

 

 

On page one of this issue is a story about the
fourteenth annual round table conference on April 9.
What does it mean to you? Have you grasped its deep
seated significance and possibilities for practice teach-
ers? Did you notice the wide field of subjects cover-
ed by the various conferences? It is true that you
can attend but one conference, but to any enterprising
senior who is looking for a Job one conference will be
a means of making valuable contacts. All the princi-
pals and superintendents of the capital district will
be at this conference. Incidentally, it is the principals
and superintendents whom you must meet if you in-
tend to secure a teaching position. Why wait for them
to call for you? Get up an hour earlier and attend
the conference. To quote an old adage—“It is the
early bird that catches the worm.”

AI 41 It 11

In last Friday’s rivalry debate, "Resolved that State
college should have an honor system," there was very
little indication of interest in this matter so vital to
State students. Are you satisfied with the present
system or can't you trust yourself? Can you, pros-
pective teachers of the state of New York, sit back
and do nothing when you haVe an opportunity to
speak your mind and prove yourself capable of carry-
ing out the trust that must be placed in you as a
teacher?

When the student committee of six makes their
report on the Honor System, why not take some inter-
est in the discussion instead of sitting back on the
end of your spine and trying to sleep or read the News?
We, too, think the News is good, but why not give
some other activity a break?

This is a democratic institution. Don't let a few
people do your thinking for you. When you fill out
the questionnaire to be passed out in this morning’s
assembly do not jot down the first thing that comes
to your mind. Give each question careful delibera-
tion and then write down your own opinion—not your
neighbor's. After all honor and honesty come from
within and not from without.

4: s >t= A:

Yes, spring is here. Couples are taking advantage
of the warm weather and are out sunning themselves
on the campus. This year let's show our civic pride
and keep the campus clean. Smoking is all right in
its place but it is one sure way of making the campus
look like the floor of the Commons.

It is an insult to the character and pride of State
students to have to be continually reminded about
civic pride and cleanliness by huge placards on pillars
and doors around the college buildings. It is up to

: you. as students of State college and citizens of New

York state, to be proud enough to show the general
public what you can do when you set your mind to it.
Keep your campus clean and be proud of it!!!

Boo/e of the Wee/3:
Lewis Triumphs

’l‘he Prodigal Parents, by Sinclair Lewis. pps, 204,
Doubleday Doran, N. Y., 1938.

For the past i'ew mouths, critics in New York,
reviewing Sinclair Lewis' new book. “The Prodigal
Parents," haVe been unanimous in stating that it has
a lower quality than Lewis' other books. What they
forget is that “The Prodigal Parents" is different i'rom
“Babbitt,” “Arrowsmith,” and “It Can't Happen Here,"
in its intimacy to our everyday lives—more intimate
even than is "Babbitt."

Frederick William Cornplow and his wife Hazel
are typical well-to—do city business people, with all their
immaterial worries. Their college-bred Children are
intermittently becoming steeped in Communism and
attending formal dances. The other characters~Genc
Sight, earnest, violent Communist; Mr. Stoybrlgc, ex-
cessively dignified and consciously impressive; Anna-
belle, his daughter, natural and lovable—are types of
the American human cI‘eutuI'c which eats, breathes
and sleeps. invariably but docs not yet know how to
live.

 

The main thread of the story shoWs how the COl'lF
plow brood find life by dIscuI‘dIng traditions which
they have carried about with them for years, Follow-
ing their prodigal parents, the children, perched on
the dilcmna of accepting either the outworn creed of
their 100% American funnly, or the more appealing
way oi' living to be happy, choose the new creed.

With the ever-present satire, sometimes corrosive,
with a genuine undcrstamling of the material spirit
that drives all good Americans, with a knowledge of
the bustling small town atmosphere, Lewis brings home
his point with no lack of frankness and straightfor-
wardncss, and leaves us believing that our material
crccd today is all wet and should be abandoned. With—
out a doubt, this is up to par with the other novels
Lewis has written—the critics, it seems, can be wrong.

Assembly Kills

Tall— Resolution

Group Approves Resolution
Supporting Conservation
For State Lands

 

Pari-mutuel betting on horse races,
over-all tax limitation on real estate,
and conservation of state forest
lands were the issues of the day
when the Constitutional Assembly
convened for its weekly session.

Following the report of the hear-
ing committee, headed by Larry W.
Strattner, ’39, the assembly defeated
a plan for over-all tax limitation on
real estate; which, according to the
advocates, would establish a maxi-
mum tax rate of 2 percent on the
assessed valuation of real property.
The committee unanimously recom-
mended that the resolution be de-
feated following a hearing at which
two representatives of the State
Budget Bureau were chief witnesses.

A heated discussion marked the
adoption of the resolution calling for
establishing a system of “pari-mutuel
betting at horse races." The original
resolution did not include the limita-
tion “at horse races,” and so this
clause was recommended by the
hearing committee through Edmund
.Caine. '40, chairman,

Charges of “discrimination” were
hurled at the proponents of the
amendment, and only after consid-
erable discussion was the amend-
ment approved,

Debate on the resolution continued
for considerable time, with attempts
to obtain a vote proving unsuccess-
ful. After motions to table the plan
had failed, the Assembly voted in
favor of the resolution.
Recommendation of the retention
in the state constitution of the Con-
servation clause, Article 7, and 7a,
was submitted to the college group
by Thomas Lovalenti, '39, chairman
of the committee on Conservation.
In his report to the Assembly,
Lovalenti pointed out that the plan
had proven inviolable in past years,
and that in the opinion of Conserva~

 

Statesman

 

 

 

The All-State dance (a grand and
glorious affair) is over, and the
scramble for dates for Soiree is upon
us. As we said before, the early bird
gets the Worm, but who wants a
worm?

Note on the Activities office
blackboard: Rand, we’ll meet you at
the bridge in Washington Park at
four o’clock—Kelly. Now we're cer-
tain that Spring has arrived, what
with love and stuff blossoming out
on all sides. According to experts,
the best place is under the bridge. (Is
that right, Sully?)

Becker has been seen with Valley
lately. What has happened to New-
stead?

Try as hard as we might, we
couldn‘t get the Walsh-POWell com-
bination to change a dance with us
Friday night. Can it be an affair?

Orchids of the week go to the
irate girl who told some too, too
talkative boys in the library to shut
up. She wasn’t fooling either. We'll
order Inore orchids for her when she
does likewise to some sororities and
fraternities who persist in having
lmproptu meetings there.

We see that the Hoffman-Green
affair has fizzed, and they are back
in circulation now.

Despite the advent of Spring,
Cooper is still in the Northland.

The sophisticated collegians of
State threw a dubious light on their
reputations the other day by rush-
ing out the front door to see a high
school parade. All of which goes to
prove that there may be something
to that old legend about the brass
buttons.

Did anyone ask Wy Marge went
to Union last weekend, and, if not,
why not? Quoth the Raventna),
"nevermore."

Does HOWe have a secret yen for
the headman‘s Nan? Pictures don’t
lie.

And we've heard vague rumors of
21 Poly Sci exam . . . just another
proof that you can fool some of the

 

tion authorities, it should be preserv-
ed in the Constitution despite de-

tmands of interests who are clamor-1

ing for “cuts” of state forest lands.‘
By a unanimous vote, the Consti-;
tutional Assembly passed the resolu- ‘
tion favoring the retention of this
clause in the Constitution and also
voted in favor of removing section,
16 of Article 7. which calls for ap-‘
propriation of over a million dollars
,a year for the purchase of additional
llands for reforestation purposes.

1 Included in the list of new resolu-
itions Introduced at recent sessions
are:
1 "Resolved that this Assembly go
,on record as favoring the inclusion
iin the New York State Constitution
iof a provision prohibiting child
labor; requiring state and federal,
iincome taxes for state employeesp
iestablishing split—sessions for the
,legislature; providing four-year
terms for legislators; raising the
salary of members of the legislature;
and establishing initiative and pop-
1ular referendum in the state.

! Speaker Leonard Friedlander, ’39,
announced that at the next meeting,
Tuesday, March 29. he would appoint
,an assistant clerk and also three
students from the Capital district
'urcu to assist in contacting the con-
ivention delegates when they con-
ivcrge in Albany for the Convention
iApI'll 5.

 

 

‘ Bids For Soiree To Go
On Sale Tuesday at $3

Bids for the Sophomore Soiree, to
be staged in the Auranla club April

 

8, will go on sale next Tuesday morn-
ging in room X, according to the un-
nouucement of Joseph Capplcllo,‘
general chairman of the event. The}
iprlce of the bid will be $3.00 per:
’couple.

1 Plans already completed indicate,
that Soiree will be one of the great-
est social events to occur at Stutc.
An annual event oi' the sophomoic
clusc, Soiree usually opens the spring
social season with a burst of colic-
giate guyety.

Plenty of swing will be available
for its friends, being supplied by Art
Show and his New Music. A master
of the latest styles in swing, Shaw
is now filling an engagement in
Boston. A musical sample of what
Soiree has in store for the swingsters
who will attend can be obtained
every Wednesday noon in the Com-
mons.

 

 

people some of the time, etc. , . .

State’s athletes have had their say
this Week, so we'll have to be on
hand to see the show.

We are going to take up the torch
of our next door neighbor “Ego.”
We are giving advance notice to the
pests who still insist upon frequent-
ing the NEWS office.

After “Ace's” date last Friday
night it is hazardous to guess who
Quinn will take to Soiree,

Incidentally, we hear that several
of youse guys have axes to grind.
There's nothing we like better than
a little enthusiasm, even if it is mis-
directed! We'll meet you in the
Park. Choose your weapons. We'll
take cream puffs at ten paces!

THE MAN 0|" STATE.

 

Hellen ics

 

 

Gee! Your Greek reporter has
spring fever—but a strong loyalty to
the News—therefore this column.

There were guests galore over the
weekend. Alpha Rho entertained
Ruth Goldsmith, '30, while Mary
Markham, '36, and Emily Hurlbut.
'34, visited Phi Lambda. Phyllis
Grossman, '36, enjoyed the hospital-
ity of“ AEPhi. Gamma Kappa Phi
ei'IteI'tuined Odette Courtines and
Helen McGowan, both from the class
of '37, while 11L BZ the names of
Helen Clyde, ’37, and Mimi Rogers,
'30, were enrolled in the guest book.

And have you noticed a new face
ul‘ollliti college this wcck'.J She's
AIIII Wilson, a former IIIcmbeI' of the
class oi '30, and a Incmhcr of idle
Phi.

Still the pledges lull In line—
lt'lil’lli now claims MlldI'cd Scidcn,
'40, and Belle Allen and Violet
Cuganek, frcslnncn.

AEPhi entertained ten poor child—
ren at a party on Sunday. Sort of
a good deed for the year!

Sigma Alpha has extended an in-
vitation to members of the faculty
and other sororities to attend its
courtesy tea tomorrow from three to
five o'clock. We’ll be seeing you]

Ho-hum. And a Word to the males
e—Intei'sorority Weekend is acomlng
on. Ho-hum again!

N Am“, ., ._ yg‘mv—qwé—«d

“Luann—km:

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 25, 1938

inn n.

Page 3

 

 

W.A.A. Completes Plans
Of “Spring Sport—Program

 

Hatfield to Open
Baseball Season

Schmitz, Lehman, Van Keuran, Last
Season's Veterans, Return
As Pitchers

Tuesday afternoon seven potential
hurlers and three prospective back-
stops for State's baseball nine
answered Coach G. Elliott Hatfield’s
call for battery practice at Bever-
wyck Park. Coach Hatfield has an-
nounced that he will summon all
candidates for the other seven var-
sity positions as soon as the ground
has dried up sufficiently and all
other conditions are suitable for
baseball.

Those reporting for pitching as-
signments were: Paul Schmitz, '38;
“Wheeze” Lehman, '30; Frank Aug-
ustine, “Toad” Fairbank, Johnny
Shearer, and "Dar" Van Keuran,
sophomores; and Roy McCreary, ’41.
“Shamus” O’Brien, ’38, Caley Aug-
ustine and Gordon Peattic, spoho—
mores, reported as prospectives for
the backstop position.

Johnny Cullen, '37, will be the only
veteran baseballer of last season
missing from the State battery this
spring. However, Paul Schmitz, '38,
a veteran boasting three years of
pitching experience for the Purple
and Gold will be on deck again this
season. Schmitz has been a first—
string hurler for the past three years
and from all indications this spring
he will repeat his brilliant perform-
ances of past years. It was Cullen
and Schmitz who carried the brunt
of State’s pitching attack a year ago.

“Wheeze” Lehman and 'Dar” Van
Keuran saw a bit of action last year

on the mound and it is highly prob- i
able that they will see plenty of:

action this spring. “Toad’ Fair-

bank and Johnny Shearer both play- 1

ed “off and on” last season at infield
posts, Fairbank at the initial sack and
Shearer alternating positions about
the infield. McCreary. the only
freshman coming out for the battery,
is . orking out like a veteran.

The schedule for the ensuing sea-
son is as follows:

April '..‘.’i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ’l'I'nII
April ‘.'.'I  .  Norwich
April 20 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. It. I'. l.
.\pI‘il 150 . . . . . . , . . . . .. . ‘linI'ni

‘llnIIIiIIoII
’tfoI'lluIId
llnI'Iwic
‘llul‘lwicl.
l'l'.l!l
l’ l

 

.Ium- I  .' f wu

State and Skidmore
Will Have Play Day

licpresentatives of the Women's
Athletic association of“ Skidmore.
Russell Sage and State colleges met
recently at Russell Sage to plan a
triangular spring play day to take
plucc sometime after spring vacation,

The idea grew out of the tennis
and archery meet at Skidmore to
which State women were invited. It
is hoped that the play day will
bcconu‘ an annual evcnl, rotating
among each of the llll‘ce colleges.

This year's IIu-ci will be held ui
lhc dorm field. and the sports offer-
cd will includi- budIIIIIuon, soft bull
volleyball, uI'chI-I'y, dch tennis, and
pyrumiding. A lclllllr. tournament
will be run off durth llh- afternoon
on the Washington Park courts, A
mixed ii‘i'.ll of Russell Sage and
Skidmorc women will play an exhi—
buion game of" lacrosse

lh-gislrnlion for lhc duy will hc
held from 2:00 to 2:30 o'clock, whcn
illi‘l! woman will be cIIlI-I'cd as n
mcmbcr of one o! lhrcc color [cums
I'lowm'cr, cuch lcum will consist o!
Womcu from all llll'i‘i‘ schools,

Al 2:30 o'clock ihc gumcs wdl
bcgin, and [cums will rotate from
one sport to uIIolheI' cuch hqu houl'
Points will be uwui‘dcd lo the tcums
which wins in each sport. and lil
Ihe end of the day it prize will be
given to the team umusslm,r the
greatest number of points.

At 5:30 o‘clock there will Do a buf-
i'el. supper at the home of Miss Isu—
belle Johnston, which will bc follow—
ed by songs and folk-dancing. A

charge of 25 cents will be made upon:
scents on Weekdays and 75 cents on

registration to cover the cost of the
supper.

 Sport Captains Announce
; Plans in Competitive
i Contests

This week Women’s Athletic asso-
‘ciation has completed plans for a
more extensive spring program than
it has ever offered. Spring sports
will begin Monday, March 28 and
continue until Thursday, May 19.

Riding and Lotta Bunkers are con-
tinued during the whole year and
credit for these two sports need not
be obtained in one season.

Kay Conklin, riding captain, has
set requirements at ten hours of
riding. Classes will meet at Ans-
pach's Stables at 3:30 o'clock on
Friday, l'or $1.00, and at 10:00 o'clock
on Saturday for $1.25.

Lotta Bunker Requirements

Candidates for Lotta Bunkers

credit must complete three short
hikes. one long hike, two camp week-
ends and ten hours of work, The
Lotta Bunkers captain, Phyl Arnold,
has scheduled spring weekends for
April 1-3, April 8-10, April 29-May
1, May 13—15, and Moving Up day
weekend, May 21-22, Besides these.
weekends will be sponsored by W. A.
A. whenever six people sign up. The
maximum cost of a weekend for
:transportation and food, has been
iestablished by W. A. A. council at
i$1.25. The required hikes may be
Inade either at Camp Johnston or
‘through the outskirts of Albany.
.This season bicycling will be incor-
Eporated in the Lotta Bunkers pro-
gram. If it proves successful it will
probably be adopted as a separate
,sport next year.
: Although swimming is a three-
season sport, credit must be secured
jin one season, and may not be re-
ipeuted during the year. Spring co-
captalns, Hal Green and Dot North,
have decided on nine hours of swim-
Ining for credit completion, At the
Jewish Community Center on Tues-
:day and Thursday from 8:30 to 10:00
o'clock there will be instructions for
Ibeglnners, water games, and prac-
tice racing. The two captains are
now in communication with Oneonta
Normal School, making tentative ar-
rangements for a return meet with
that school.

Tennis captain Dot Criefelds has
decided that since the courts do not
open until later in the spring, attend-
unce at instruction classes will be
required. Furthermore three 01 the
ten playing hours required for credit.
must be done under her supervision
on either the Washington Park or
Washington Avenue courts. As soon
as these courts are opened, arrange-
ments for the tournament will be
made.

 

Bowling Continues

Bowling, with Jean MItchell and
Olive Baird us co-captains will be
carried out along the some plans as
during the winter season. Games
will be played at the Rice Alleys at
3:30 and 4:30 o'clock on Tuesday
illlfl Thursday for 15 cents a game.
W. A. A. will give a 60 cent refund
to those who complete the ten re-
quired games.

Jinny Elson. archery captain has
arranged to hold her classes at the
dorm field on Tuesday, Thursday
and Friday from 3:30 to 5:00 o'clock,
’l‘cn hours will be required for credit,
A touI'nuIIu-III \\'Ill be conducted dur-
mg the lust hull of the season.

lr‘cncing clnsscs will meet in the
gym on Moluluy and chucsduy
from 3:30 to 0:00 o'clock and on
li‘I'uluy from 4.30 10 5:00 o‘clock
undcr the instruction of l'lCl'lJCl'l
Frankel. Cl'cdll l‘t'qllll't‘llllfllls and
captain huvo not yet been unnounc-
l‘il

Until April :50, baseball, With
Louise Hcssncy as captain, will be
lli‘lil ill the gym on Monday and
'l‘hursduy from 3:30 to 5:00 o'clock.
l"l'l)lll lthI llllill Ilu- end of IIIc scu-
:,on the sport Will be conduclcd on
Iln- dorm l'icld on Monday, ’l‘uesduy
ului 'l‘huI'sduy from 3:30 to 5:00
o'clock. Ten hours will lJt' required
for credit.

The one llllio\‘ull0ll in the spring
program! will be golf, captulncd by
Peggy Horn instruction will be
fl\'t!ll in the gym on Monday and
Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
by Jerry liwyer of the Municipal
golf course. Credit requirements in-

:clude a course of six lessons for $1.00

and playing of thirty-six holes at
the Municipal Golf Course for 50

Saturdays, Sundays and holidays.

 

“Record” Honors
Ryan with Place
On State Squad

Hershkowitz Also Captures
Honorable Mention as
Court Star

The Record, official campus news-
paper of Buffalo State college has
officially announced that Tommy
Ryan, ’38, captain of State’s basket-
ball squad during the 1937-38 cam-
paign, has been selected as a forward
on the All-State Teachers team.
“Duke” Hershkowitz, who played a
brilliant defensive ball for State
during the past season, was given
an honorable mention.

The editorial board of The Record
has been fostering the selection of
an All-State team for several years.
This has been the first time, how-
ever. that State College has been
asked to participate with the other
ten teacher-training schools in such
a selection.

The selection of this All—State
Team is Inade possible through the
cooperation of the eleven Teacher-
traihing institutions in the state,
who through their individual school
papers make their selections which
are sent to Buffalo State college for
tabulation,

Ryan, who led State in scoring this
past season, was a running mate to
Super of Oneonta who also led his
squad in scoring for the 1937-38 sea-
son. Witmeyer, elongated Buffalo
State center, who likewise claimed
high scoring laurels for his school,
was given the coveted pivot position
on the first-string quintet. Manaral
of Brockport and Weldon of Cort-
land were selected to fill the two
guard positions.

Bowling Program
Shows Progress

Bowling along merrily. the State
kcgleI-s have continued rolling up
high scores in the Singles and tri‘, lot
with Ed Simonds of Avalon, and
B!!! Thomas of Sigma Lambda Sig-
mu. sharing the high singles honors
,of 212 together. Simonds also car—
lI'icd oi'f the high triple honors this
Week. Although his high triples does
not quite reach Bill Steele's record
set last week, it makes everyone eye

 

 

him with respect. His high triple
‘wus 538. In second and third places
:respectivcly, we find Bill Thomas
iwith a high triple of 495, and Johnny
iCuI'uIniu of Avalon with a 492 total.
I While other teams have been play-
Iing at a .500 clip, Sigma Lambda
Sigma has forged ahead from fourth
place to lead the bowlers. Avalon
hall has also paced S. L. S. to climb
out of second division in eighth place
to Iirst division in fourth place.

Pottcr club dropped to third place
whilc lotu club, who was tied for
first with Potter, dropped to the
fifth position.

III high plnnuge, Charles Schufer
of Avalon still leads with a total of
2,377. closely i'ollchd by Sam Cop—
polmo, Albany, 2,228; Frank Rick-
mun. Avalon, 2,110; John Edge, Col-
lcgc House. 1,895; 1311! Thomas, .‘.
l.. S. and Ed Simonds, Avalon.
1.040, and Ken Holmes, All-Others.
1,783.

in thc play—off for the supremacy
of ihc Infra—mural buskcthull leugtue,
the Albany Lower-clussnu-n stuckedl
up uguinst Potter club will! the lul—;
lcr hiking the match by 21 side mor-
gm of thirteen points, the soon-
being lid-til,

During the first huli' both [cums
wI-I'c cycnly matched. but by thel
middlc of the sccond half, hutlng
l'cI'reII-d out their opponems‘ play—I
mg, lllc Potter boys went to town!
with lch'ny Gaffney scoring points,i
from the center, corner, or making.
lllc iIIIposslble come true in beuuti-'
lnl follow-up shots. (iuiincy scored;
hull" tho Potter club points, while
llI-ophv was high for the AlbanyI
boys, ‘

III the second tilt College House
was llt'\'ci' in any danger from the,

All—Oihcrs taking the game by all

 

 

l

 

Jill-15 score. Cecil Marlno and Abe
Wasscrmun, with puss—\ ork “par ex-
ci.icncc," enabled their team to
scon- with case. They themselves
hclpcd put the game on ice by their
cut—in shots, and scoring from under

 

 

the basket,

 

Spring Season

Bicycles
Badminton
Bouquets

B. C.

So you had fun at Camp Johnston,
'in spite of getting lost on the torn
mile hike? May we recommend
maps and compasses, and bicycles
for those long, long hills?—and that
bicycle business is no Joke! We're
really going a-bicycling this spring
“up hill and down dale" as they do
say. And how come nobody was
tough enough to go swimming—or
fall in accidental—like?

The badminton tournament seems
to be lagging more than a little. Only
two of the play-offs of the second
round have been completed. Jinny
Elson and Bertha Petit triumphed
over Dottie North and Thel Miller,
respectively. It will take some fair-
ly snappy and consistent playing to
get that tournament finished by to-
morrow night!

May We ape the Playgoer to throw
a few bouquets to W. A. A. council
for its constant efforts to expand
this year's program? In spite of a
reduction from last year’s budget,
the total number of women partici-
pating in A. A.‘s program has in-
creased materially. More equipment!
was needed in nearly every sport
because of the greater number of
participants. This equipment has
been provided. A greater integra-
tion of the program as a whole was
needed to include the interest of
everyone in the association. More
events have been planned to fill this
need of the organization in general,
and new sports have been added to
appeal to individuals, Throughout
the year the facilities of Camp John-
ston have been gradually improved.
Tomorrow night W. A. A.‘s and M.
A. A.’s joint Sport. Night marks the
continuance of a custom started last
year, which will tend to gradually
work toward greater co—operation
between the two organizations.
Another bouquet for M, A. A. and
W. A. A.! And how about coming
tomorrow so that you can throw your
own?

 

 

 

 

Music Council
To Give Operetta

Operatic Society to Present
‘The Sorcerer’ April 28-29
On Page Hall Stage

Music council of State college will
present “The Sorcerer," 3. Gilbert
and Sullivan Operetta, on Thursday
and Friday nights, April 28 and 29,
in the auditorium of Page hall. Dr.
T. Frederick H. Candlyn, assistant
professor of music, will direct the
music, and Edith Cassavant, ’39, will
be the student assistant, according
to Muriel Goldberg, '38, president of
the council.

The cast includes: Sir Marmaduke
Pointdextre, James Sherwood, ’40;
Alexis, Charles Matthews, graduate;
Aline, Helen Moore, ‘38; Dr. Daly,
Robert Karpen, '40; J, Wellington
Wells, David Kroman, '35; Lady
Sangazure, Ina Young, '38; Mrs.
Partlett, Elizabeth Cottenham, '41;
and Constance, Charlotte Libman, ’38.

The Music council committees are
as follows: general chairman, Miss
Goldberg; arrangements, Dorothy
Gain, ’38; advertising, Betty Baker,
’39; costumes, Margaret Mattison,
‘39; tickets and tryouts, Alice Brown
and Lillian Rivkind, sophomores.

Other committees are: sets, Miss
Rivkind, Frances Riani and Lona
Powell, freshmen; props, Miss Brown,
Doris Grossman and Marie Lalonde,
freshmen; costumes, Miss Mattson,
Alice Abelove, Rosemary Brucker,
and Mary Miller, freshmen; lights.
Betty Appeldoorn, '38, and Adele
Ronan, '41,

LEAGUE STANDING
lNTRAMURAL BOWLING

 

 

 

Poo, 'l‘eum W 1. Pet. l'lnnugo
1 S. L. S. ... . .. ll 3 .750 5201
2 All Others. . 8 -l .007 4049
:l Potter (.‘lub.. ‘ 4807
l Avulon llull 8498
5 loin Club 2835
0 College llouse 0807
7 (lI'nds . . . . .. 4511
H 'l‘I‘oy .... 5404
ii Albany 561]

10 All-Slum .... 5794
11 Kappa lieiu 1334

 

 

by Joseph Bosley

elation decided to set up a Inorc pro-

Inen of State college. An Intramural
council was appointed to assist in
the regulation of this program. Since

lbriug into active existance a broader,
field of activities in order to satisfy
the variety of inclinations of the
men. Thus, bowling, pool, boxing,
tumbling, and other activities were
added to the old reliablcs. j

Muny fail to appreciate the oppor— ,‘
tunitics that the fellows in chargel
are trying to make available. Somoi
full to understand that by signing
for activities and not participating,
they defeat the very purpose of the!
cnth'e program, This has been stated i
and restated countless times, but it'
seems the emphasis would not be out 
of place at this thne. ‘
Basketball games huVe been forfeited ‘
because players have failed to appear
for the games. Programs have full-
cd in the past because of“ luck of ill-j
lei-est, This condition should be:
eliminated now that there existsi
such a variety of ucllvlllcs that every}
man can sign III the field of his
Interests.

’l‘hc bulletin board in front of the!
men's locker room was set up for
lllu convenience of the men them—l
sclycs. All Inulcriul that has bccu‘
put there hus bccn for a purpose,
and that purposc was not to provide

 

 

(ice. I). .lI-oncy, Prop

Boulevard

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Intramural Council Requests
Cooperation and Suggestions

«n.7,»-
gresslve program of athletics for thel

September M. A. A. and Intramural  [ll‘og . .
, ,. ' A . H , ,iIi‘ty men to be successful. Why not
Icouncil have functioned togethei toipuL your shoulder to the athletic

and Grill

 

Last year the Men’s Athletic asso- in place for the WimCismS or men
,with perverted senses of humor.

Another exhibition of cooperation
was evidenced last Friday at the
tryouts for the M. A. A. minstrels
when thirteen men turned out for a
ram which will take at least

wheel, and make it turn a little
faster? There is certainly room for
more shoulders. Incidentally, the
chart for the ping-pong tournament
has been conspicuous by its absence
lhis week. Its remnants Inust be
scattered to the winds by this time.
The student who destroyed it should
certainly be proud of himself. Any-
one who considers it a pleasure to
draw up one of these charts should
try it some time.

The athletic program is far from
perfect, but it can be perfected only
by the experience of the men as
they participate in and criticize the
activities presented.

Your suggestions and criticisms
would be appreciated berause you
know the effectiveness of the present
set-up, Let’s hour from you, now!

 

EAT A’l‘ JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundacs
7:30 A. M. —- 11:00 1'. M.
()pp. the High School

 

 

lliul 5-!913

Cafeteria

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

  
 

 

