 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE, NEWS, DECEMBER 2, 1933

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
' College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asoeiation
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
' 2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzl, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoff ce

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIIND BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
C allege Publixber: Representative

420'MAmsoN AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
cmcseo ‘ Bcsvou ' Les Mien." - SAN FRANCISCO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Eco/m B. O’HonA   Editor-in-Chief
JEAN Srnonc   Oo-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. Hsnrwm .. ..... .. Managing Editor
OTTO J. Howe  Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. ‘Youno  Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. Bu.zr  Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON ....... ., Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTIGLINE  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin . . . . . . , . . . . . .. Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark  . Women’s Sports Editor

William Ryan .. ..... .. Assistant Sports Editor '

Joseph Bosley ........................................ .. Assistant Sports Editor

Feature Editors
Saul Grecnwaid Charles Walsh

Sophomore Desk Editors
Alice Abelove, William Cameron, Beatrice Dower,
Sylvia Greenblatt, Stephen Kusak,
John Murray.

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmore Melanson, Alice Bartlow,
Robert Cogger

Assistants to Business Board

Assistant BusineSs Manager   Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager ..  Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ................ .. Mary Gabriel

 

 

To Maintain Liberty

“Quench the passions of i'nnutlcinm and hatred. Plant in
their stead the feelings of love and brotherhood."

ltunsiun chlhh l’rnyor.

“Twenty years ago I was a soldier for
the Fatherland—honored, decorated. To—
day, I am reviled, spit upon and tortured.
Today my friends will not speak to me
nor treat me kindly. Twenty years ago—-
I was a hero, today—I am a Jew.

“Today I am going to be beheaded but
that means little at this point—my family
has been reviled, separated, tortured, mur-
dered. My lifework has been barred from
me—I have moved from concentration
camp to prison and back again. Now, I
am going to (lie——reliei'—while others of
race must go on being maligned.

“After the war 1 was decorated for be—
ing wounded, but that was only a physical
hurt; the hate which has been heaped upon
me since 1933 has been much less endur-
able.

“Today as I look over the world, I find
this anti-semitisni growing. Even in that
great free nation, the United States, a
radio dcmogogue using false statistics
starts the same type of propaganda that
made us hateful in Germany.

“There in the most liberal country in
the world groups of hate have already
started and now two great Americans,
Henry Ford and (Iharlcs Lindbergh, have
already accepted the blomI-staincd, hatc-
ful, base medals that the assassin 0!" Ger—
many hands out.

“God of all peoples, keep the eyes of
America open. Never let their minds be
driven into the channel oi’ hate o!’ a people
that is no different from them except in
religious belief.

“And may my beloved Germany break
away from Hitler’s cruel hand and become
once again the nation that I loved so
much.”

 

 

Fables for Freshmen

 

Commentstater
(THE COMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column. though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE News.)

Once upon a time, for that is how all fables and
such begin, a little fresh-girl came to the hallowed
halls of the New York State College for Teachers at
Albany. Filled to the ears with school spirit, on
Activities day, Flossie signed up for the S.C.C.S. (State
College Cheering Section), and breathlessly waited
for the football season. It came. Every balmy autumn
afternoon would find Flossie out in front of Richard-
son cheering the touch football teams on to higher,
nobier things. Flossie was a big help.

But winter came and caught Flossie unawares right
in the middle of Thanksgiving vacation, and our dainty
damsel was left out in the cold, Lonesome and for-
saken, one Saturday night (December 3), she wan-
dered (via the side door, for Flossie was a fresh-girl,
you remember) into the gym. Here she was con-
fronted by two stern guards. “GiVe us the pass-
word,” they demanded. Bewildered, she hesitated for

 

 

a while, fumbled in her purse, but soon she proudly
produced her tax ticket and passed on downstairs.

Something was going on! She heard a few faint,
whispered "Rah, State Teams." and the diminutive
sound of sweet music to our little heroine's ears.
Cheering! This was the place for her! She tumbled
into the bleachers between two upperclassmen, and
burst into an enthusiastic “S-T—A-T-El”, but some-
thing was wongi Everybody was looking at Flossie.
Flossie was fustered. Flossie was embarrassed. As
a matter of fact, Flossie would love to haVe gone
through the floor. How was she to know that her
lusty cheer had risen above the feeble murmur like
a soprano solo above a muted chorus! How was she
to know that, "Contrary to the statement of the
STATE Council News,” well-mannered State students
do not display any enthusiasm!

But that wasn’t all! After the game was over,
the orchestra came ﬁling in, and, suddenly, the floor
was alive with color and motion. Vying delegations
frof fully a dozen sororities were calling and beckon-
ing; smiling and ﬂattering; rushing and rushing.
Flossie felt an acute case of panic coming on. She
from fully a dozen sororities were calling and beckon-
the way. There was no escape. Flossie meckly ac-
cepted her fate, and glided away with an eager
Greek, feeling very much like Snow White and the
Witch!

After the brawl was over, a weary and disillusioned
Flossie dragged homeward. Her spirit was broken and
her dreams were shattered. Never again would she
enter into the swing of things. Early Monday morn-
ing she resigned from the S.C.C.S.

Moral: School spirit is what you make it, and (1)
Men, rushing can‘t last forever, and (2) Women, the
stag line will break down eventually, if you are patient,
Believe us, you will live happily ever after.

Book of the Week:

‘Harmonious Human Multitude ’

by Harriet Spmgue, '40
"Benjamin Franklin" by Carl Van Dorcn. Viking
Press, New York City, 845 pages.

(On sale in the co-op)

Carl Van Dcrcn has broken down illusions. He
has presented a new Benjamin Franklin—a new
Franklin built on letters and documents unknown
to the public, on significant extracts from the famous
autobiography carefully analyzed, on an intimate
knowledge of the subject. For a long book it takes
a surprisingly short time to read.

Everything Franklin cvcr accomplished is re-
COillli.0Cl-——ﬂil(l he was an accomplished man: “lin-
pcrin! prophet, revolutionary statesman, cosmopolitan
diplomnlist, scientist, wit, moralist, sage." His private
life, what there was of it, is a revelationv—in telling
his own story he was more retentive than Van
Dorcn, prone to treat himself with more kindness
than was perhaps warranted.

To most oi‘ us. Franklin is a moderate, intelligent
man, with a concise way of categorizing life in
quaint. sayings. But Franklin was more than that.
lilo suprrh sense. of humor, his extreme benevolence,
his human failings, so strongly brought out by Van
Dori-n, adds much to our conceptlon of him. He was
a gallant; he loved lilo women (and they loved him)
more than was discreet. lie wrote amusing verses
on the subject, such as this piquunt bit:

"’I'lu: joys of low: all joy uncut.
And looing's certainly doing well."

Franklin, through this book, becomes not a more
nodding ucqmilntanco, but a Well-loved American.
Van Dorcn did not exaggerate when he said in the
closing pages:

“Comfortable as Franklin's possessions and numer-
ous as his achievements were, they were less than he
was . . , And sometimes, with his marvelcm range,
in spite of his personal tang, he seems to have been
more than any single man: a harmonious human
multitude." ,

l

 

Personal
Viewpoints

(EGO is given the widest lati-
tude as author of this column,
though his viewpoints do not
necessarily always reflect those
of the STATE COLLEGE News.)

Running like a well-oiled ma-
chine, Interfratcrnity council,
augmented to four members this
year, has concluded what has
been a thoroughly acceptable
job, as regards men's rushing.
It remains to be seen whether
next week-end will equal the
fraternities' efficiency.

4' ill It!

Put on your ‘must' book lists,
along with Ferdinand and With
Malice Toward Some—the report
of the Regents Inquiry—Educa-
tion for American Life. It is an
authoritative outline of modern
educational trends. More than
that, probably, is the effect that
the report will have on our fu-
tures as prospective teachers,
with its suggestions regarding
salaries, qualiﬁcations, teacher
preparation, and other such de-
tails.

In the report, compiled by
Dr. Luther Gulick, is embodied

 

a nine point program for the
schools of the state that is de-
signed to remedy the defects
in the present system—for the
inquiry did bring defects to
light.

The inquiry found no perfect
schools in the state. They did
the next best thing, and took
the best features of many
schools in making up their re-
port. We repeat our suggestion
that you take a look at it.

EGO.

 

State ’3 Stage

Russian Melodrama
Fairly Fine Fantasy
Sage Suggestions

PLAYGOER

Last Tuesday night's plays came
unfortunately when State college
was in a holiday mood. They fell
upon a preoccupied audience. Had
they been presented at a more op-
portune time they might have been
better received. The night before a
vacation is the night for comedy.

Miss Clark's play was smoothly
finished. The set was good, and
the atmosphere well built up. Mr.
Walsh played his role capably, in
spite of an occasional failure to sus-
tain the character. We liked his
stage poise, Douglas Dillenbeck
made his debut to the State college
audience very pleasingly. In assur—
ance and variety of facial expres-
sion he was perhaps a bit lacking,
but experience should be a curative
for that. Ira Hirsch played the in-
effectual young man as well as
could be expected for an ineffectual
part.

We liked the play. We suggest
that such plays, that have the dia-
logue and emotional tension as focal
points, be specdcd up. They have
a tendency to drug. The climax
would have been more effective had
the conVcrsation not lagged, and if
the curtain had been quicker on the
draw.

Miss Koonz had courage to bring
a fantasy before a State college on-
dience. She did remarkably well—
as well as a student director could
do with such a play. The play had
its moments but the edges needed
smoothing. May We commend Julia
'l‘unncll as the mother. It was good
acting. The same may be said of
Harry Passow as the father. Ed-
more Mclanson, though sometimes
himself, played the priest rather
neatly, For a ﬁrst appearance, We
liked Edward Toninsiun. We like his
voice and the way he read his lines——
it conveyed perfectly the spirit bc-
hind the words. It is too bud he
(lid not lit action to the words ---ho
was still and expi'cssionlcss in move-
lncnt. Dorothy Peak did a good Job.
She put over a difficult i‘olc, even to
the required grace and dancing nbll-
lly. We are sorry that Marcia
Brown chr-nctcd. Her voice was
beautiful, and she made a pleasing
appearance, but she gave the char-
acter too ephemeral a personality.
The costumes and make-up were CX~
cellent.

As a 010mm; suggestion—~the au-
dience should be carefully considered

 

when plays are belng chosen. It
is important.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

Greetings, students. No, you didn’t
lose us Just because We were gone for
two weeks; we were on your trail
all the time.

Now that fraternity rushing is
over the women can relax. Gentle-
men, now is the time for each good
man'to do his part. All contribu-
tions will be gratefully accepted, eh
girls?

And in connection with this, here
is our nomination for the most un-
usual occurance that has become
usual.

Enter—Sorority girl and man
(that's not the unusual part).

Enter—Freshman girl (that's not
unusual either).

Exit—Man (Wow!!!)

Hint—Duffy’s a good kid, girls.

It is rumored that some of our
lads are pretty passionate. A cer-
tain Kiss-Oh-Meter revealed that
it doesn't take long for Green,
Carroll, Merritt and Scott to hit
their stride.

Yeah, Richards is a nice addi-
tion too, don’t you think?

And here are a few odd couples
that will grace the Eastern Star at
Interfraternity tonight:

Walrath and Sprague.

Bcsley and Frost.

Murphy and Maycock.

Besides, Schafer will be there and
he Won't be telling jokes either.

Problem for the week—What do
you think of a fellow who steals
your girl while he's rushing you,
Stiller?

Betty Burke should help things
along too.

Seen at the Boulevard:

11:00 o'clock—Parrott. and Doran.

12:35 o’clock—Kelly and Parrott.
My, what an appetite!

Evans should weight a sofa nicely
in any sorority. No?

We may be a little late with this
but so was Pepcr in having his ﬁrst
date in college. She was a petite
lass. often seen with a lad whose
name is included in the name of
the firm Remington—her last name
is that of a country—Have you got
it yet?

There is a new arrival at the
Lair of the Gamma Kaps. O hor-
rors, nor that! It's Just Crounse
running over to see a little miss
whose first initial of her 1" .. name
begins with Scesny.

Hey girls, you’d better hop on
that Rycrson kid. She’s a comer.

Plug for the Week—Edge: “Under
B, 10 and don't forget 'Ten Nights
in a Barroom.’ B therel" Some of
these boys nceci a mask but we don't
understand why they need a wig
too.

While we're on College house iii—
novations we don't sec why Cecil,
Al, Loretta and Fran can't replace
the old Commons Bridge club with
a 4:00 o’clock Tea club under the
Draper hall pawn balls.

Suggestion for the next two weeks:
13 rings and Marquis dc Quecns-
bury's rules.

Hey, We almost forgot. Don’t neg-
lect Kay Wilson, kiddiesll ,

THE MAN OF STATE.

Appointment
Bureau

Paul G. Bulgcr, secretary of the
Appointment bureau, announces the
following placements: Eleanor Mil-
lcr, ’38, supervisor in the Day Home,
Troy; Lucille Zak, '38, substitute,
commerce, Cherry Valley; Thomas
Garrett, graduate student, '38, Eng-
lish, dramatics, public rcaltions, St.
Michael's college, Winooski, Vor-
mont; Anna Gleason, 'liil, commerce
oi, Mildred Elicy, Albany; Judith
Rogers, ’37, assistant. public librar-
lun, Bay Shore; lloanmin Kolkcr,
'36, United Slates Weather burcnu,
Buffalo; Gladys Punch, ‘37, substi-
tute. commerce, Mcchnnicvillc.

Bulgcr also illlllOllili‘us that the
student connnlitccs on personal in-
iUl'VlI!W1ng. pi'i'sonnl appearance,
ethics, letters of application and iii-
quh'y, will start work 11ch Week.
Anyone caring to help with the work
of this program is requested to sign
up in room 121A in Millie,

Library Changes Hours

Elizabeth M. Smith, director of the
Albany Public Library, has an-
nounced that the public library and
all its branches will close at 6:00

 

o'clock on the evening of December
13.

 

Wﬂﬂf 1
“‘ Coup“). (alt.

.Ndllon

.. «‘4‘ l‘

,. “‘z‘iw’ltfﬁ:

n Centipede.

s vie let all kings c:
uslSigme '0“ er a

g "m at Georgia. Hereh
dc ucc, won byt e

Another Dry Night Club

iollowing the lvmi oi the Um
vcisliics oi W/HLLHHIH and low.)
the Univeme oi (hump) hm
opened a and.) lull} illljlll Lilli;
in Mandel Hall ,Swmgmq (In!
at the opening Jail! sculuil aw
Nimiuue: Kuh aIIii Mimi: .1
pulllun oi the lllwully nil ailin
lent criiwismmcul lym-gmm m

landed in! iinlw . lnlcimlniurn

Wide World

 

 

Hi My"! n

Hm v uri. x’.” amburiqef
DlvO/M Hill/("taili'f/ f

 m . (.14..

inlr) )il(lt'i\'il‘:ill\l

 

