 

. ... .“vmsam—nm—m..-._ ..

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation

. Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 2-0424; Strong,

2-5545; Hertwig, 2-4314; Bilzi, 4-7606
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

IIPRIEINTID '0' NATIONAL ADVIITIIING IV

I I I I
NationalAdvertlslngSemce, Inc.
Calla: Put/1.1km chnunlaliua
420 MADISON AVE. New YonK. N. Y.
CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOB ANGELS! - SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

Eocnn B. O'Hmm  .. Co-Editor-in-Cliief
JEAN STRONG  Co-Editor-in-Chief
  Managing Editor

. .. Associate Managing Editor

LEONARD E. Kownnsxv   Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Younc  ,. Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BlLZl .   Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON   . . Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTlGlJONE    Circulation Manager

HE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin     Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark . .. , , . Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan . . .. . Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley .. . . .... .. Assistant Sports Editor
Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmore Melanson, Charles Walsh, Alice
Bartlow, Robert Cogger, Saul Greenwald,
David Minsberg
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager .............. .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager Kenneth Haser
Business Staff
Marion Ayotte, Ray Carroll, Elizabeth Donahue, Nor-
man Levy, Miriam NeWell, Betty Parrott, Helen
Powers, Madeline Scesney, Catherine Schaefer

- - And We Begin

Gathering up our new task hopefully
We look forward to a year of newspaper
work replying to the hidden challenge of
last week’s editorial—that of thought pro-
voking journalism. We’re positive our
editorials will be provoking to some one or
something and we hope constructive action
may be the result.

The smell of the Activities office and
the bustle of dead line meeting is as strong
within us is it was within those editors, H.
T., Fred, and Squook, under whom we
served our apprenticeships. We plan to
carry on an editorial program that will be
aimed at the improvement of this, our Alma
Mater.

We know you won't always agree with
us nor will We always be correct, but if we
make you angry enough to attempt to re—
fute us—or to correct the evils we think
we see, we have completed the work our
predecessors set up for us.

To the old board, even you must be
weary. Take your emu and your deadlines
and head for the morgue where every good
journalist must go some day. To you we
say, “May you be as successful in outside
work as you have been in News work.”

600 Publicity Agents

At a recent discussion the question ol'
publicity for State college 'amc up. The
work of the Press Bureau and tho various
publications and dcbnto was stl'csscd, but
we want to pcrsonalizo the matter even
more, and we think that it can be summar-
izod in one question: What kind of public—
ity for State college are you?

Just as a store is judged by the quality
ol' its advertising, so a collcgc is ,jlldg'cd by
its studcnls. That this publicity rcuchcs
the people of tho slato is important, but
what is more vital, the nature of the class
of i942 and its successors lnrgcly dcpcnds
upon tho nature of the publicity that We
show ncxt fall.

The freshmen will be luchrtising-con-
scious. The impression that we give them,
almost unconsciously, will largely deter-
mine their reactions to the problems that
they will face: the honor system, rushing,
handshaking. What will thosc reactions be?

 

 

 

27.1938

 

 

 

Memories — Suggestions

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

We have moved up!!! We have climbed one more
rung in our educational ladder. Some have gone out
to their practice teaching and have but one more rung
to climb; others will go on and take the extra step to
get their doctor‘s degree. We give our best wishes to
those members of the class of 1938 who will haVe the
ambition, and we know they will, to continue up the
educational ladder to success and the enlightenment
of mankind.

It! 1k it! it It

Now for a swift backward glance at State activ-
ities during the past year. The claSSes have continued
importing name bands for State’s social high lights.
This year they were Joe Haymes, Claude Hopkins, Art
Shaw, and for Inter-sorority, Anthony Trini. We hope
that next year's bands will equal those imported this
year. Presentation by Dramatic and Arts council of
Lotta Gosler and Music council of Toscha Seidel, add~
ed to State's intellectual entertainment of the year.
The constitutional assembly gave State the edge over
other colleges in debate and we are glad to hear that
it will continue to function dllring the coming year.

roster

We hope that during the next year the Class of

U ‘41 will turn over a new leaf and use good sportsman-

ship. During the past year both the sophomore and
freshmen classes signed a pledge to discontinue un-
organized rivalry. It would seem that the Class of ’41
broke its pledge when it kidnapped Lloyd Kelly on
Moving-up Day eve. The hot—bloods among the fresh-
men were unable to control their emotions even after
their class had made its pledge. In the future We hope
the members of the Class of ’41 will be able to keep
any pledge they may make.
‘1 ill III * it

We would like to suggest to the administration
that they abolish prescribed mathematics and science
and substitute a course in “How to study" and “How
to read the newspapers." It is certainly a fact that
a college curriculum is a great change from that of
the high school and most freshmen need guidance in
studying to help them get the most out of their courses.
A college student should not be graduated without
knowing how to evaluate “Current Events.” As it is
now, the social studies students are the only ones who
really keep up with the world and get the most out
of the papers. The majority of the other students
have too much to do to spend an hour a day to peruse
their daily paper—they spend five minutes to read the
funnies and they have read the paper. We hope this
suggestion will be given due consideration.

Boole of the IVeele:

Journalistic Adventuring

“Assigned To Adventure” by Irene Kuhn, J. B. Lippin-

colt Company, Philadelphia and New York, 1938.

(On sale in the co-op)

To those of you who would perish if you could
but live the exciting life 01' a newspaper man or
woman, hero is a book for you. During the past few
years a great many books have been written by re—
porters and cx-journalists and many have been excit—
ing, many trite. This we feel rates high in the list
oi‘ that type of biography. It is fllll of the glamor of
the greatest job in the world but it is also bursting
with those small intimate details that make the dif—
ference between an interesting and a dull book,

I think some of the most inlcrcsling experiences
that the book contains is bound in the first chapters
conccrning ll('l‘ work on tho Syrucusc l—lcruld. Herc
shc took her first airplunc flight with a pilot who was
ollc of the best stuntcrs of" his day, she fcll ill lovc
wllh lllc busllc mid the fury of thc Stole Full", and
shc lollowcd Elln Boolc up and down the lcrrilory
whcn lu‘lln was trying for lhc chublicnn nomination
for Scnulol'.

Anolhcr mousing cxpcricncc is lllc ollo Wllcl'c shc
covcrs lllc slorlcs on Mul'gnrct Sanger in China. Miss
Hmlucr was “who; lo show the pcoplc of China lhc
ndvunlugcs of birth control and though hcr clfol'ls
\ycrc ol lllllc nvnil slu- lnudc good copy for Miss Kuhn
lol' nnlny months. In lll‘l' ('lll'l‘l'l' us ll Washington
columnlsl shc col'cl'cd Lhc lcsl dlnncr bcthcn Allcc
Hullhl‘t'i‘ll Longwol'lh and Mrs. (innn ln which Dolly
won, (nlr rcporlcr got in by uppcuhng to lllc South
Alllt'l'li'llll diplomat who was lcndcrlnu lllc pnrly. ll.
hnppcncd llnll this mun Illl(l bccll a l'cporlcl' himsclf
and chn providcd llcl‘ with on cscorl. from his diplo-
lnnlic corp.

Living ill the duys of hcclic ncws cvcnls shc cov-
l-rcd «everything including tho Peaches Browning story.

Yes, hero is u talc of the golden ago of IlitWSl):l|)(.‘l‘~
dom when men like Winchell, Dohcrty, and Ourslcr
wcrc starting ill on the tasks which wore to make
thcm famous.

Personal
Viewpoints

Seven more days, one hundred
sixty-eight hours, ten thousand
eighty minutes, and six hundred
four thousand eight hundred
seconds are left, and State col-
lege will officially end two doz-
en years as a state teachers col-
lege; For the students, however,
there are ten days left after the
filial hour in which they can
concentrate (cram) for the ex-
ams the night before they occur.

! l t C

After a report given by the
honor committee in which 70%
of State college students said
they cheated on the examina-
tions, and at the personal re-
quest of several students, the
administration decided to “bear
down" in the coming in spring
exams. And bear down they
will! From reports heard in sev-
eral classes, proctoring, this sem~
ester, will be the most intensive
that any students have yet ex-
pericnced.

In one of the social studies’
tests, proctoring was so heavy
that many students todk the test
with a guilty conscience. They
experienced the first taste of
“watchful proctoring." The fac-
ulty will be on guard for those
students who are inclined to
cast their glances astray. Be-
ware!

If it! It It

In the same vein, we wish to
point out a condition that is ex-
tremely vital to an institution
for prospective teachers. In plain
language, there are a certain few
students who, in spite of all ap-
peals and in spite of any sense
of decency, have been stealing
school property. Mind you, stu-
dents who intend to enter the
public schools, stealing public
property. This condition has
been extremely apparent in the
science departments from which
several hundred dollars worth of
equipment have been stolen. The
thief, or thieves, has not been
caught,

It is the duty, therefore, of
every student of the college to
appoint himself a special police-
man and report any suspicious
actions, either to the adminis-
tration or to a member of Stu-
dent council. This mattcr ap-
plies more strongly before cx-
ams because there is an increas-
cd tendency for stealing as the
semester ends. Let us act as
individual policemen!

1!! 1K in I!

As a fitting closing to a col-
lege year in which State did its
part in among the colleges of
the state, we wish to suggest,
although our aim is high. that
We establish a small radio broad-
casting station, as many colleges
have recently done. The stu-
dents could present debates,
dramas, and other worthwhile
entertainment over the air. It
doesn't have to be anything
elaborate, but it would provide
those interested in radio or in
broadcasting, or in dramatics, or
in English, an extra curricular
activity in which to spend their
time. This matter, we feel should
be glvon careful consideration
over the summer,

a It in o

And above you see the first of
the now Ego. We’vo had fun
and hope we haven’t borcd you
too much. If We have mndc you
think ol' laugh just once, ’lis
enough. From the old Ego—
thanks for listcning.

EGO

Prize Speaking Contest
To Be Tuesday, May 31
Miss Agncs lu‘. I"|lll.l'l'('l'. ussislunt
profcssor of English, unnollnccd [Ills
chk lhc annual lll‘lZU spcuklng con—
lcsi wlll bc condllctcd on May 31 ll!
9:39 o'clock ill Pugc llllll. Dr. A. It.
lh'llbllcbl-r, pl'csidcnl of tho collcgc,
oflcl's u prch of chnly—l'll'c dollars
to [lli' winner.

 

Statesman

 

And now for the grand finale.
This noble effort marks our final
contribution for the year——b0y, are
we happy!

At the Junior Banquet, Dean
Moreland proved that the Statesman
was not the only person who knows
the hidden lives of all the lads and
lassies. During her discourse the
blood pressure of many '39ers went
up a few notches at pertinent allu-
sions to their pasts.

I Did one of the cigars, which he
has been distributing gratis, backfire
on Cuthbert last Saturday?

Rumor has it that Gaff has
changed his affiliations. Who Know-
les? Is it true that Murph is filling
Gaff '5 shoes this Saturday?

We hear that the mighty Mechan-
lcville midget was a frequent caller
on Warren St. last week.

Sully may have gone to Coblcskill
with Mario but we think that Strait-
ner is leading the race for the lass
with the syncopated scrutinizcrs.

Who gave Dotty North those
twelve Sunday School attendance
pins? We're not saying anything
,but the first initial of his last name
‘is Schoncnbcrg.

How did "Pinkie" get those scraped
shins at the Chi Sig Picnic?

Reports have it that Doc Gleason
will soon be middle aisling it with
a home town girl.

' That didn‘t look like a St. Rose
girl in Brophy's company last Sat-
urday. Maybe that St. Rose angle
is just another story,

Seconds ticked off so rapidly for
Tab last Saturday that he didn‘t
have tilnc to say goodnight.

And orchid man Quinny taxied
from Troy to the Commons but 'iwas
worth it, wasn't it, Ace?

Can it be that Toad is really in-
I tercsted in a certain Tarrytown high
school student?

We think that Eckcl should know
who's hand he holds before he starts
to squeeze.

The Mayor 01' Renssclacr will be at
the Dorm tomorrow night. What is
lit they say about homing pigeons?

And now amid showers of tears
(and probably tomatoes) we take
our nose out of your business and
become normal again. Thank you,

DENIS A. PEI’ER

Alias
THE MAN OI" STATE

COMMUNICATIONS

To the Editor of the S’l‘A'l‘lv) Col.l.l£(ili

Nulvs:

I was amazed to find on tho, bul—
lctin boards a notice which inform—
cd Us that the Class of 1938 had vol,-
ed to wear gowns from May 23rd t0
the week of" exams.

This so-cullcd vote was taken at
the Senior banquet. No official no-
tion was posted prior to the meet—
ing. so that nearly lino-thirds of the
class was unaware that a meeting
was contemplated.

Thus, the meeting was illegal on
two counts. First, to bc prcscnt, it
senior lnld to pay onc dollllr, the cost
of tho bunquot. Pnymcnt of duos
nlonc, is the cost of admission to of-
ficial cluss mcclings  no other
churgc, no motlcr what lllc rcusons
ll'illl bc lcvl’cd. Second, llnd more i'n-l
portion, is thc flch that no pubh.
IlUlli‘l' of" u lncclinl: was l-vcr posted.
That is u prcrcquisllc for cvcry rogu-
lm' or spcciul class meeting. Anv
volc lakcn at tho bnnquct was more-
ly un cxprcssl‘on of opinion by tho
mclnbcrs prcscnl. and docs not oblig-
o/r' all IIlt'lIllII‘I'S of tho cluss to wear
llli‘ towns, as u rcnl votc undoubted-
ly would,

’l‘hosl» scnl’ors who wish lo \vcur
gowns ccl'luinly m'c cnlltlcd to do

blll l lhol'ollgllly objch to thc
posting of u nolicc which gives the
lulsc inlpl'csslon to tho collcgu that
nlorc llnln Lllll) scniol's who on:
not Wcul'lng gowns are violating o

’l‘hl- conlcslnnls lllld lhcil' conchcs ll’lnhh I'llllllli. 'l'llc (Jill-SH llcvcl' lcgully

ul'c: Mill‘llj’li ('ll'oli', '-ll, Vll'ginhl
I"lll'(',\', '39; Doris (ll'ossmun, 'll, l)cc
.ll'hsc, ‘39; Itosl-mury McCarthy, ’-11,
Marion Minot, '39; Mary Mlll(!l‘, '41,
llclly Dunicls, ’39; Annc ltlltlruy
'Ill, lictty liuylord, '39; Julia Tun:
ncll, '41, qun Novuk, ‘39,

The winner lost year was ltlllh

l)onllclly, '40. Rita Sullivan, '40, wnsl

givcn llollol'ublc nlcntion

pusscd such u rullng, and those son-
lol's who ln'c Wcuring gowns bcouusc
of this erroneous bcllcf nluy discord
lhcln fl'ooly.

Myskllnln should l'l'lllm’c this mis-
lcuding llolicc from the bulletin
boards ilnlncdlulcly, cnpcclliliy when
so many of its own monitors are not
Wcuring tin,- gowns,

l’nllcr li‘ollMAN, '38.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 27, .938

 

Clubs Announce
Senior Leaders
For Coming Year

Departmental C I u b 3 Plan
Varied Entertainments
To Climax Year

The departmental clubs announce

 

their new officers for the coming
year as i'ollows:

Commerce club will be under the
direction of William Ryan, '39, presi-
(lent; J, Edmore Melanson, '39, vice-
presidcnt; Ellen Jcbctt, ‘40, secre-
tary; William Sivers, ’39, treasurer.

French club will open the year
with the following as officers: Marie
Pcotz, 39, president; Mary Noiscaux,
‘39, secretary; and Eleanor Mc—
Grccvy, '39, treasurer.

German club elected Karl Sense,
‘39, president; Mary Arndt, '40, vice—
prcsidcnt; Leah Wilkins, '40, treas—
ul'cr; and Ruth Kcrlcy, '39, secretary.

International club is anticipating
an active year under the leadership
of Leonard Fricdlandcr, '39, presi-
dent; Charlottc Fox, '39, vice-presi-
dent; Gcruldinc Ewing, '40, secre-
tary; Sadie Flax, '40, treasurer; and
Beatrice Shufclt, ’40, reporter. Dur-
ing the your there will be outside
speakers and other similar features.

Math club will resume its activi-
tics ncxt ycm‘ with the following
officers: Dorothy Warren, ’39, presi-
dent; Marion Dayton, '39, vice-presi-
dent; Geraldine Thompson, '40, sec-
retary; and Robert. Hcrtwig, '39,
treasurer. They will climax this
your with their annual picnic which
will be hcld Wednesday afternoon,
Juno 1, at McGowun‘s Grove.

The Pczlcc Club officers are: Her—
bcrt Frankel, '39, president; Haskell
Rosenberg, '40, vice—president; Bea-
Lricc Shufclt, '40. treasurer; and

 

State Students Form

Two Swing Orchestras

Old man swing has been play-
ing havoc around State lately.
Yes, indeed. Two, yes, I said
two, bands haVe been stirred up
into action. Yeah, man. Sam
Coppolino, ’39, who swings a
mean alto himself, is going to
give Benny Goodman a little
competition and Frosh Cyril
Kilb and Bill Miller, leaders of
the other “cats,” will come in for
their share, too.

Coppolino says he can’t lose
with Les Dryden, '39, as alto sax,
Howard Sanford, ’38, as tenor
sax, Max Griffin, grad, and

 

Charles Ettinger, '39, trumpets;
Harry Bergstein, ’39, trombone;
Jack Adams, '41, bass fiddle;
Bill McCracken, '40, pianist; and
Bud Barber, drums.

Kilb and Miller have unearth-
ed their talent from the Frosh
and Soph ranks. John Howgate,
’40, swings a mean alto sax, too;
Glenn Clark, ’41, a tenor sax:
Jimmy Chappell and John Aid-
on, freshmen, trumpets; and
Stanley Kullman, '40, trombone.
Bob Mesek, '41, is another hot
pianist. Cy himself plays guitar
and Bill Miller, the drums, while
Jack Mesek, ’41, brings up the
rear with the string bass.

Both units have been rehears-
ing most enthusiastically in pre-
paration i'or “swinging it on
down" next year.

I ntersorority Council

Elects New Officers

Intel-sorority Council. made up of
the representatives elected by each
of the fourteen sororities of State
college, announces the results of re-
cent elections of officers from the
senior class for the coming year:
president, Mary Ann Motzger, '39,
Chi Sigma; vice-president, Pearl
Sandburg, '39. Alpha Epsilon Phi;
secretary, Christine Ades, '39, Gam-
ma Kappa Phi; treasurer, Betty
Sherwood, '39, Beta Zeta.

The Council since its organization
has successfully promoted friendl
relationships among the different
sororities and established a uniform

 

Blunchc Kirshcnblum, '41, secretary,

Classes to Meet Today
The senior and sophomore classes
Will conduct meetings immediately
after assembly today in Page hall
to complete class elections.

History was made at State college
last. Friday night. Student council
has docidcd lo leave the soph-frosh
rivalry licd at 19!: points each. Be—
cnusc ol' the draw, both classes'
numcruls will bc cngraved on the
sill'cl' cup. Each class will hold the
cup l'or :1 half ycm', and at the next
Moving-up dny ccrcmonics, the win-
ncr of rivalry will bc awarded the
clip as usual.

The uniquc had huppcncd. The
prcsidcnl. of Studan association won
thc ri 'ull'y cllp for one week. Never
had this hnppcncd bcforc. Never
hcl'orc ill Slnlc collcgo hud any two
clnsscs bccn licd in l'l\’llll',V. In past
ycm's, lhcrc hos bccn close compe-
lilion bclwccn lllc soph and frosh
clusscs; cvcn upscls in the winning
of l.li(' cllp have occurred. Four
ycors ugo, lhc class of '38, in its
l'l'cslnnnn your, \von rivalry. “ udy
Luck" cast its furor lo oithcr class

in prcvious ycurs und will, we Dl'C-,

dicl, l'ollllllllc lo lnukc surprising
dccisl’ons.

LcL byuoncs bc bygoncs — so tllc.
saying gocs. 'l‘hc spirit of rivalry
which rcnchcd lls pcnk when the
sophomorc class prcsl‘dcnt was, shall
\vl- soy, mnllilnlcd u littlc. ’l‘llc (lis—
urunllcd ll‘l'Hllllil'll, breaking their
lll'lillllhl', [honng lhc sophs hud won
l‘l\'lel',\', mld \l'l‘l‘llkl‘tl lhcll' disap-
|)'illllllll‘lll on lllc soph class prcsi-
dcnl. llul HTML. on Moving-up day
proycd lncu' lcurs to bc groundlcss.
ltlvull')‘ \l'nr. llcll.

Al Illc slunl snow on Moving-up
duy, lhc colnpcllllon wus no kccn
lhlll, ihc judgcn lolllld it difficult to
dccidc llu- ‘.\'lllll('l' of lhc rivalry
slunl. 'l‘lu- lnnjorily of lhc visitors
whom Wc (jlll'hillllli‘ii, thought [but
tho soph slum would win; cvcn
many of tho l'l'cshmcn conccllcd vic—
tory lo lllc sopholnorc chlss. How-
cvur, lhc jlldgcs, taking into consid-
eration, originality, direction and
presentation, uwurdcd first place to
the freshman class and second place

Rivﬁy Riddle Reactions
Resolve Reasonable Ruling

body of rules, pertaining especially
to rushing.

According to Miss Metzger, a full
program of' events is being discuss-
ed this Week. Tentative plans in-
clude Intcrsorority tea, Oct. 1; For-
mal rush weekend, Feb, 2-4; and
Intel-sorority Ball early in May.

Strong and O’Hara Will Be Co-Ellitors
Of State College News for 1938-39

 

 

 

 

 

TO DIRECT NEWS POLICIES NEXT YEAR

A—ssembly To Continue
Activities Next Year

Students Nominate Candidates
In Tuesday‘s Busy Session

Because of the interest displayed
this year, and the success the group
has enjoyed during the past year,
the Constitutional Assembly will
continue next year, according to an
announcement by Speaker Leonard
Friedlandcr, '39.

Tuesday's session consisted of the
passage of resolutions calling for
the establishment of a State Depart-
ment of Justice, Civil Service for
election officials, legislative and con-
stitutional convention employees,
and the adoption of initiative for
New York State.

Nominations for officers for next
year Were conducted. Those named
for the post of Speaker are Robert
Coggcr, Ken Haser, Edgar Pcrretz,

 

 

 

 

to the sophomore class, third place
to the junior class, and, finally, last
place to the senior class. The frosh
was given three rivalry points for
this event.

In the evening the spirit of rivalry
had been mellowed by the solemn
ccrcmonics of Moving-up. The sing
was the climax to soph-frosh rivalry.
Both classes were in excellent spirits
cvcn squabbling during numeral
formation when the sophs Look the
rod frosh ribbons, and precipitated a
rough and tumble fight. However.
onc could feel the tenscncss 0f rival-
ry in the ulr as the sing progressed.
The judges chose the freshman class
as winner of the sing, the sopho—
mol'c class coming third.

The sophs had been leading all
your, and hoped to win one 01' these
cl’cnl.s lo cinch the cllp. Expecta-
tions, however, often go astray, and
so it was with the soph class. The
uncxpcclcd huppcncd.

ltivulry points l'or the sophomore
clnss stand as follows: 1st sclncstcr's
rivldry sing, 2‘: points; women's
sports, 3 points; men's pushbull, 3
points; mcn's boskctbllll, 3 points;
lnoscot hunt, 5 points; and men‘s
pushboll, 3 points. The total for all
cvcnls was 19': points,

li‘rcshmun class won thc following
rlvuh'y points: dcbutc 2".- points;
girls” bnskclbull, 3 points; women‘s
bnnncr hunt, 5 points; stunt, 1i
poinls; wonlch's uthlclics, 3 points;
ulld rivalry sing, 3 points,

AL lust we collie to u l‘cw gcncrul
conclusions. From the above stu-
lislics, We find that the sophomore
men are uthlctlcully superior to the
l‘rcshmcn men while the freshmen
womcn top the sophomore women
athletically. In the “gift of gab"
Ilhc frosh have a slight edge over
his sophs. In the art of “twitter-
ing” or if you prefer, mob vocallzing,
both classes are equal. In playing
hide and seek and find, both classes
are about equal. So, rivalry ends
until the class of 1942 comes in.

l

and Fred Weed. Nominees for the
clerkship include Ellen Best, Gcr-
aldinc Ewing, Sadie Flax. Fay Scthr
and Beatrice Shufelt.

Elections for these officers will be
held at the last official meeting,
scheduled for Tuesday, May 31, in
room 206, at 3:30 o'clock. All stu-
dents are eligible to vote.

Suggestion for the formation of"
the Constitutional Assembly was first
made by Dr. Robert Rlcnow, in-
structor in government, when he ad—
dressed the student assembly last
October on the coming Constitution-
al Convention in Albany. Speaker
Fricdlundcr immediately took it
upon himself to organim a group of
interested students. Its success was
crowned when Fricdlnndcr received
a congratulatory letter from Gover-
nor Lehman.

 

 

 

 

 

Appointment Bureau

Lists New Placements

There will be a meeting of all
juniors, Thursday, Juno 2, ill room
25, at 4:25 o'clock, according to an
announcement issued by the up—
pol'nlmcnl burcuu. The meeting is
Ill regard to placements and intro-
duction to tcuchcr placements.

Scniors who hnvc rccclvod posi—
tions urc: llclcn McCurlhy, French
and commerce of Rcdficld; Slcllu
Sampson, English and llbrul'y ill.
lloburt; lillnmu Dwycl', comnlcl'cc ill
l'h‘ownvlllc, Glen Park; Edward ltcy—
holds. scicncc ut Orlskuny; P.
Anthony Mh‘undu, connncrcc and
coaching at Ochgulchic; Vivian
Salisbury, Latin and French at Hur-
loyvillc; chry Grocn has received
a touching fellowship in German at
Louisiana Stutc University.

Gl'iullllllifs receiving positions are:
Gladys F‘usoli, ’37, substitute in colli-
nlorcc at Kindcrhook; Marjorie
thaton, '36, French at Goshen;
Helen Dunuhy. '35, English and
library at Ft. Edward; and Harriet
Ten Eyck, '35, commerce at Bedford
Hills.

Jean Strong and Edgar B. O’Hora, juniors, who will serve as co-editors
of the STATE COLLEGE ans for the coming year of 1938-39.

A. ll. I’hi Makes Plans
For Annual Reunion

Program Includes Installation,

0

Howe, Kowaloky, and Young
re Associate Editors
For Next Year

HERTWIG TO ASSIST

Bilzi, Byrmastiglione
ead Business Staff
In New Setup

Jean Strong and Edgar B. O'Hara,

juniors, will serve as co-editors of
the STATE COLLEGE News for the com-
ing year of 1938-39. Managing edi-
tor will be Robert E. Hertwig, ’39.
Under this system of co-editorship,
one will act as editor the first sem-
ester while the other will take charge
the following semester. The ar-
rangement will be dependent on the
teaching schedule of each.
Assisting Miss Strong and O’Hora,
will be the following who will act
as associate managing editors: Otto
Howe, Leonard Kowalsky, and Sally
Young, sophomores. The business
board will include: Victoria Bilzi, '39,
as business manager ; Joan M. Byron,
'39, advertising manager; and Grace
Castiglione, ’39, as circulation man-
ager,

The sports department will be
composed 0f Charles Franklin, edi-
tor ; William Ryan, and Joseph Bos-
ley, juniors, assistants; Betty Clark,
women sports editor.

Associate editors are: Albert Arch-
itzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce May—

 

Brcakfast, and Reception

Eta chapter of Alpha Epsilon Phi
sorority will celebrate its 21st anni-
versary by a reunion to be held the
week of June 18. It is expected that
the founders of the chapter, includ-
ing its first president, Marion Levitt

Greddson, ‘18, will be present.

The reunion program includes a
reception at the sorority house on
32 South Allen street, participation
in the alumnae activities, a banquet
at the the hotel Ten Eyck, installa-
tion of seniors in the graduate chap-
ter, and a picnic breakfast at the
country home of Mrs. Samuel Cap-
lan, honorary, in Nassau. The pic—
nic is to feature the announcement
of the scholarship award to the stu-
dent with the highest average.

Prominent among the hundred
and more guests expected is Rosalinc
Green, radio‘s “Lady of Charm." A
former State college student, Miss
Green's eventful career began with
bit parts at WGY and was climaxed
by her portrayal 01' Marie Lou on
the popular “Showboat” program.

N

Allard Publishes Poems
Fricnds 01' Miss Alice Allard, '37,
will be interested to know that ll
book of poems, [first Sun, written by
her brother, Mr, Leo Allard, has
been recently published. The book is

now on sale at the 00-01) for $1.25.

YWCA A3382;

cock. J. Edmore Melanson, and
Charles Walsh, juniors; Alice Bart-
low, Robert Cogger, Saul Greenwald,
and David Minsberg, sophomores.

Junior assistants to the business
board are: Harriet Sprague, '40, as-
sistant business manager; Kenneth
Hascr, '40, assistant advertising
manager; and Mary Gabriel, '40, as-
sistant circulation manager.

The following freshmen have been
appointed to the business staff:
Marion Ayottc, Elizabeth Donahue,
Norman Levy, Miriam Nowell, Betty
Pnrrott, Helen Powers, Madeline
Sccsncy, Catherine Schaefcr and
Ray Carroll, '40.

Freshmen reporters on the edit-
orial staff will be: Alice Abelove, Jo-
sephine Autilio, William Brophy,
Janet Busnckcr, Noreen Cappicllo,
Harriet Conklin, Mary D’Arienzo,
Dora De Michele, Frcide Diamond,
Denis Dole, Bonn-lee Dower, Doris
Dygcrt, Betty Elson, Sylvia Green-
blatt, Adclinc Kadgis, Cyril Kilb,
Helen Leary, Mary Grace Leggett,
Rose Lison, Beatrice Marashinsky,
Anne McGulncss, Hyman Meltz. Wil-
hum Miller, John Murray, Evelyn
Olivcl, Clarcncc Olsen, Sully Pine.
lrcnc Pogol', Elizabeth Pritchard,
Annc Ruttruy. Charlotte Ritchie, Is-
nbcllll Robinson, Ruperta Simmons,
Louisc Sllcll, and Tillie Stern.
Mln'gnl'cl. Webb, ‘39, Ellen Best,
I-lclcn Blake, and Edmund Cainc.
sophomores, now also been appoint-
cd to the stuff.

Change in Title 

To Broaden Scope ofActivities

Beginning this September with tho
ncw collcgc your, State College's Y.
W, C, A. will be known on the cum—
plls on tho Studcnl. Chrisllun Asso-
ciulion, according to Motion Rocke—
fcllcr, '39, ncw prcsidcllt ol' the or—
gunlzution.

This chungc in lllllllc will pcrlnit
u broudcr, lnorc flexible spun of
nclivilics and more cooperation with
tho mcn in collcgc affairs which air
of inlcl'csl lo both women and lncn,
'l‘hls him look forln during the post
ycur whcn lhc organization invucd
lilc nlcn of‘ (he collcgo to uttcnd scy-

rld ol' its functions featuring such
promlncnl. spcukcrs us Dr. Wilhclm
l’nnck llll(l (il'llco Loucks Elliott.

In ordcr to carry out this idco, tilc
li‘rcshmun Commission which has
provcd to bc so successful this your,
will includc both men and wonlcu
ill the your 19:58-39. Junior inch
and womcn will act as udvisors on
the commission. The program will
aid the incoming freshmen ill their
oricntnliml, through talks by various
members of the faculty, discussions
on different. phases of campus lifc,
and social functions.

Besides the Freshman Commis-

©f  “7.. WV . .‘ "AH—
sion, scvcrul ncw commissions will be

slurlcd in which students can follow
up their spccl’nl interests, Ono com-
mission will study compurutivc roll-
uions llnd hnvl- discussions on roll-
gion und philosophy. Another will
sponsor spcnkcrs und discussions on
vurious phuscs ol' mnl'riugo educa-
lion. A lllll'(l commission will learn
lnorc ubolli Albany and promote
commnnily Inldcrslunding and co—
opcrnlion Hmong collclic students by
sponsoring trips in lhc city. One
trip, for cxnlllplc, Will bc on jllVUlliic
dclinqucncy und. uilcr n talk by
hlillll‘ nulhorily on lllc condilions in
Albany, llll' group will visit social
ugcnclcs such us lioys Club to ob-
scrvo whul lhcy urc doing to 111ch
this problem. Also included will be
on industrial trip und one to u for-
eign section within the city of
Albany.

'l‘hc oi'llccl's llll(l members of cubi—
not for Siudcnl Christian Associa-
llon in l93li~39 will be installed next
wock. 'l‘hc new officcrs are: presi-
dcnl, Murion Rockefeller, '39; vice-
pl'csidcnt. Carolyn Muttico, '39;
ll‘cusurcr, Mary ’l‘l'uinol‘, '49; Sec-
retary, Ado Purshull, '41; undergrad-
unto representative, Jean Mitchell.
'40.

 

