   
 

 

    

  
   
      
      
   

   
      
    
    
     
   
   
  

 

     

   
  

  
  
   
 
  
 

 
  
      

  
    
  
   

     
     
   
 
    
  

    
  

       
   
    
 

  
 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, jANUARY 14, 1938

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York state
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the NeWs
Board representing the Student. Association
Telephones: Office, 6-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,
3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord. 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

RIP-IIIII’ID '0' NAVIDNAL ADVIITIIIN. IV

IaiionelldvertaingServIceJnc.
Collu- Ptllishn Representative

420 MADIION Ava. New You. N. Y.

cmcuo - IOITOI - Lol Alouu - sue luncuco

THE NEWS BOARD

Sornls Wonzox . . . . . . . . . . . .. Editor-in-Chief
DAVID B. SMITH  . Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Henrwxc  Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O’Hoss . .. .. Associate Managing Editor
JIAN Srnonc ............ .. .  Associate Managing Editor
Mnonso E. NIGHTINGALE ..   Business Manager
Cnanuas W. GAYLORD Advertising Manager
Woman A. BlLZl ............... ..  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan  ........... ..Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark ............... ..  Women’s Sports Editor
Sophomore Desk: Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwald
Leonard Kowalsky David Minsberg
Associate Editors
Muriel Goldberg, Ramona Van Wle. Albert Archltzel.
Joyce Maycock. Charles Ettinger. Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager........................Joan Byron

Business Staff
Doris Parlzot. Alice Bartlow. Marcia Brown, Kenneth
Haser. Harold Haynes, John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel. Elga Schlavi, Harriet; Sprague

For Cree/es Only

Last week saw the presentation of the
scholarship cup, and again we settle back
into another twelve-month’s scholastic leth-
argy. However, we feel that the silver tro-
phy has a nobler purpose than that of a
“dust-catcher extraordinaire" on the man-
tel of one of the several houses, because
it raises scholarship from the level of indivi-
dual effort to that of concerted group
action. But we do feel that it has failed in
the aim, for most of this very fine incentive
has been lost because the spirit of competi-
tion has been lost amid the extra-class
struggles of the various organizations.

While seeing her name on the Dean's
List may be important to the sorority girl,
and making Signum Laudis may be a thing
of primary importance in her young life.
attaining a respectable place on the scholar-
ship list indicates not only personal pride.
but a justification of her sorority. If you
think that a B average is a synonym for the
word "stooge." may we suggest that you
pledge a country club rather than n soror-
ity?

foe High-School Goes to College

Would we be thought too Emily Poslish
if \vc. again brought up the subject of class—
room cliquullc, a subject which is usually
rclcgatod to high school nowspapcrs'.’ [low-
cvcr. xlncc \\'c think it is very pol'lillcnl. let
us stulc our case.

 

   
    
 

 

 

 

 

  
  

Otto Howe
Sally Young

 

 

We don‘t maintain tlléll, humor has no
place in the classroom; wc concede that ii
is indispensable. and a ready wit is purl of
:lll?iit‘l1t.‘l"h‘ stock in ll'illlt.‘, but We do protcsl
the hilarity and rnucousncss that havo l)l‘~
como prevalent in so many ol' our clzlssos.

\Vc laugh readily and loudly ill a pro-
l'cssor's jokcs, but arc. Wc laughing bccnusc
\vc arc amused or ln.ec.'lll.sc We wan! to lllillil‘
an ilnprosslon'.’ l'lvcn a professor realich
that his jokes can't always be that funny.
We’re making an impression, but not, a very
good one.

We drop the subject with tho fond faint
hope. that you wou’i——mayhap you’ll take
this overabundance of enthusiasm with
you to some basketball game, and use it
where it will do the most g00d——npplauding
your representatives out on the floor.

 

 

 

 

“ War is Beautiful”

COMMENTSTATER

Recently I was delightfully surprised to discover
an article in the Reader's Digest which gave a whole-
somely new angle on the topic of war. Besieged as
we now are by literature for peace, peace movements
and the like, an article calling war beautiful and good
fun is stimulating. Described in beautiful language
by an advocate of war. warfare becomes a thrilling
romance.

 

 

 

 

Despite what bigoted peace organizations may say. ‘

there are innumerable reasons for war. the most im-

nation is left to itself and undergoes several genera-
tions of stagnant peace and quiet. it is a well-known
fact that economic depressions crop up. A good. en-
ergizing war stimulates prices. sends wages up, and
brings to many nations millions of dollars in gold and ‘
accounts receivable. Surely, increased wealth is not ‘

Personal
Viewpoints

So we‘re back in our small
little groove this week with
thoughts tired and jaded after
tripping over eighteen ems of
space last week. Right now
we’re trying to think of a sub-
ject—yearning for an idea and
yawning over thinking of one.

Do you remember Canute's
Cuthbert and how he grew. He
and his sister grew in stature un-
der the tutulage of the M. A. A.

Cuthie became more and more
Atlaslike, Anastie's weight-toss-
ing ability grew. As these Corn-
cob twins studied more and
more, and passed courses, and
made honors they felt they were

l
l
portant of which are the economic reasons. When a  and W. A. A. muscle binders. As
l
l
i

an evil. Wars also tend to reduce the world’s popula-
tion. as many people know. Overpopulation is a great
hazard. When the birth rate is high it surely follows
that some of this excess population must be elimin- .
ated. and warfare can do it. In order to have more
successes at warfare a nation lnust have many soldiers
so therefore the birth rate must be higher which is ,
good because the more people there are the more 1
chance there is of overpopulation and this in turn ,
makes for more soldiers to fight so that overpopula-
tion can be overcome. This may sound a bit com-
plicated but the fact that this system is very workable
proves its merit.

War and preparation for war builds up a nation's
wealth by government purchase of explosives and metal
for gun and ship building. Unemployed are given
work and beautiful navies come into being, with majes-
tic dreadnaughts built as only man with his divine ;
power could build them. Mere preparation for war.
however, entails the employment. of numerous soldiers
and sailors who spend their days doing practically
nothing. It is the crowning climax of real war which
can stimulate them and build up their morale.

This leads me to say that war is the people's best
arouser of spirit. What person looks bored with life
when a war is declared? Wars take people out of
the bothersome humdrum of their everyday lives into .
a life as exciting and enchanting as any story. Young
men are given opportunity to show their bravery and ‘
to die young. Imagine yourself a young man on the
battlefield. dying. Think of the joy that would surge
through your heart to know that there will be people ‘
in your home town who will mourn you and be proud
they knew you.

There is little. very little that I can say about the
beauties of war, after Mr. Vittorio Mussolini's superb
description in his book War is Beautiful. As the eld-
est son of 11 Duce, he had the chance of fighting in
the Ethiopian conflict. He especially remembered one
incident in which he dropped a bomb on a group of
horsemen and watched the results with interest. The
spectacle reminded him of a rose slowly unfolding its
petals—a deeply red rose, no doubt. Imagine the
graceful swoop of the bomb as it comes down, the in-
congruous beauty of a mother picking up what's left
of her child. the thrilling flashes of fire in the night.
What a life it must be to live among these things. and
to see for oneself the beauties of war.

Bach of the Week:
Childhood Memories

By Otto .i. llowc

Home for Christmas by Lloyd C. Douglas. The River-
side Press. Cambridge, 118 pages.

Have you ever wanted lo regain your childhood?

‘Cnn you successfully rid yourself of the burden of

higher education? Can you rcmcmbcr the incidents
of your childhood? Do you care lo cxplorc the child-
hood of others?

Lloyd C. Douglas 111 his book Home for Christmas .
lakes us to a reunion of the Clayton family, during
Christmas. at lhclr old homestead in the farm lands
of Michigan. The Claylons leave lhclr husbands or
wives and children and return to the land of their
childhood whcl‘l- lhcy are supposed lo act cxoclly us
lhcy did during Christmas in lhclr childhood

As lhc Clnylons arrlycd at Wlmplc. Michigan. lhcy
wcrc incl at tho station by an old. horsc drawn, bob
slcd. I-chnlngs lhcy rcncwcd lhclr childhood friend-
ships of ndjolnulg l'urmhouscs

The boys. Fl'f‘d and Jim. \Vl‘l'l' dclcgnlcd lo slaugh-
lcr n pig lor lhc coming t‘l'll‘lH‘llllUll. Thcy "lilcrully
moppcd llllll pig as u wholc. ulul 111 11s various parts

ull ovcr lhc back lol and lhc buck stops and [lic
\l'oodllousc and lhc smokchousc and lhc kllchcnrr.“
Jilllli‘h was llllll'l'tl in "rubhcr pools and n sllckcr
Smcnl'cd lo his curs." Fl‘t‘fl "succccdcd in brcnklng
lhc hnudlc olf llu- snusagc grludcr." ’I‘hcy succccdcd
1n "ll-llll'llln lhc kllchcu into a duly sloughlcr housc "

Allt'l' llll‘ boys lmd cm 1111 clghl—lool ll‘co lhc girls.
'l‘l'udlc. Non. and Clnlrc. lll‘('()l'lllt‘(l lhc lrcc wilh pop
corn upplc.~.. and (lrl'orullons lnkcu ll‘Ulll lhc ulllc.

Clll'lhlllifls nlghl "nclghbors llnd lol'mcr school-
nlnlcs bcgnn coming qullc curly " They were "w'cl-
l-olncd by rowx of rcd culldlcs lhnl glcluncd from cycl'y
window." The cvl-nlng nus slurlcd \l‘llll n praycl‘ and
lhcn Miss PlH‘lil‘l'. lhc school lcnchcr. look chnrgc
finch onc rccllcd a Clu‘lslunls lilccc lhnl he or she had
rccilcd at school parties. The party wrnt off well wilh
but one lllll'l‘l'llllllmb'(llll‘llig a recital lhcre "was a
splinlcring of fragile plnr. and the girlhy bachelor
from San Diego sunk into lhc ruins" of his chair.

Home for Christmas Will succeed in bringing back
memories of your childhood as it did for the members
of the Clayton family.

Lloyd C. Douglas' latest book Home for Christmas
compares favorably with his two books Green Light
and Mucnificent Obssession which were recently used
as the basis of successful moving pictures.

accomplishing something. How-
ever, one day this happy family
had a serious problem arise be-
fore them and they looked for a
means to cope with it. They
looked in their math book and
their history book and chem
book and language text. and per-
used their stock of English liter-
ature and found naught but an
extra layer of dirt which requir-
ed extra ablutions and a few cold
bare facts that needed relearn-
ing. Their backs became strain-
ed with the lifting of heavy
books and this added to their
woes. What did they need? The
answer is simple—just a little bit
of common sense philosophy of
living.

A few years back there was on
the State college faculty 9. man
named Kirtland who was noted
for his ability to make the mem-
bers of his class think. We've
often wished that our Corncob
friends had been but a member
of one of his classes. A real need
of State college is a thought pro-
voking course that is not con-
nected with our major or minor
or a professional course but
rather one that is solely there
to make us think. If We could
but get a general working back-
ground of philosophy to use in
our thought trains we think we’d
get by all right when this ex-
treme case of thinking arises.

The trouble with us is that so
very few of us ever really give
good solid time on thinking of
our own problems. We accept
the vital facts handed us by our
friends. family and faculty with
little attempt to test these ideas.
We say that we're skeptics and
yet invariably the only thing
that we're skeptical about is our
own ability to be skeptical. I
really believe that a course sup-
ervised by the right faculty
member and coming during one
semester of our freshman year
would mean that each student at
State would be more mature at
the beginning of his sophomore
year and also he'd be better ad-
justed lo lhc world of lcaching
when he graduates

Enough of the serious—we've
heard that some of the freshmen
have been thinking of our pro-
posal of last week that they
sponsor a [co dance or an in-
formal dnncc. I hope it's true
bccnusc they could do something
for the school if lhcy start some-
lhlng like this

. .

And now with shccr fullguc
we fall o\‘cl' our 'lripcwritm”~
wc'l'c lll‘l'(l of it llll and hope
you're not

EGO

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

 

[)1'111' l‘lllllol'

Tho lull-rmlllonnl slluullon Will
not l'lsc ol' lull by our dcclsion con~
l'l-rulng Frosh cups llowcvcr. u
‘vlllllll lug l'nn llllhl‘l u lot of bccr.

'l‘hc obllunrlcs have long slow
bl-cn dcllvcrcd ovcr lhc corpsu of flip
"rllh lllll f.‘()lll‘i;llllt‘.‘i" byprogrcssivc
l'(lll(‘llll(ill. 'I‘hc “new” cdllcalion is
Ill for n 1011 next ycur when it wil-
llcsscs high links, that are happily
(usamicnring from every campus in
Munich. cssuylng one more dance at
Stale. There is a vogue in “turning
lhc clock back."

“Do you believe that State college
lacks fire. pep, and collegiate cs~
capades?" says the News. No. no.
my friends. no matter how you
yearn. college will lichr be the wit-

 

Statesman

 

 

 

Oh, fool What's the use of study-
ing when we’re due for a semester's
vacation anyway. We’ll pass the time
this week by trying to fill up some
space with a few choice morsels.

We note that Eckel and Walters
are back in circulation. Last Friday's
Newman dance was a new man
dance for the former. Ray's latest
is a fledgling for fair . . . a young
parrot.

' And then there's that well-known

 

junior. who after finding out all
about Johnny's love affair in Rock
Tavern, invited him up to inspect
the newly redecorated sorority house.
Account for your actions, Jean.

The Gordon T's are back in for-
mer company . . . with former pur-
pose.

Leo is stirring; the next growl
from the Lion will commence at the
printer's. (Heaven help him if he
has to read it.) The Statesman
wonders what bouquets the King of
thc Jumble will toss his way this
time. The ans board wonders
ditto. Statesman often i'cels that the
Lion's paw should haVe been drown-
ed as a cub. Why don't you cub up
sometime, Parshall?

Wobble: it's about time you found
out that Friday‘s bean day.

Who hasn't heard of Barry's Bing-
hamton visit? If you haven't. hear
about 11.

To Crounse's "foo" board, foocyl
(Ed. note—Dear Statesman: Do you
know of any new agency we can
start? Love.) We would amend
saying. “There's no foo like a fresh
foo." Obviously the Statesman is
foomlng and fretting. (Ed. note—
Don't foo over spilt moo) Foo didn't
see the activities office blackboard
you won't know why.

The Romance Club which has been
organized by callers at the Dorm Ls
quite an outfit. Won't you tell us
what it's about, Sully? You should
know.

More dates to worry about! Exams
and Prom in rapid succession. More
data to worry about—data for exams
and to data smoothie for Prom.
More to worry about.

Drop in the Boul any noon for the
famous femininity test. Seine of the
lads are a trifle discouraged after
having scored 50 or '75 per cent fem—
inine. What's more. there is a ques-
tion over who wears the pants . . . a
senior girl scored 100 per cent mas-
culine.

Nobody know until last Friday
that we had an Astaire in our midst.
But he's been here all the time. folks,

Pepcr was tutoring the other day
and did one problem in four hours.
Interesting work, we think.

The “penny - for - a - good-cause"
craze is back with us again so watch
out 'til next week. (Ed. note —— it
is a worthy causal Love

THE MAN 'olv STATE

 

 

 

lcss. ccrlc concoction painted by
Hollywood. adolesccul alumni. and
the sensational press. Thank God!
Do we suppose that Lhc Frosh cup
is going to do l'or us wth n has
fnilcd to do for cluupuscs all over thc
nation? The national conventions
of the National Student Federation
and the Amcricau Studcnt Union
have condcmncd ll.

Wc urc frying lo cslnbllsh a tradi—
llon ill Slalc that is burrcn. an un-
lll‘l'l‘hh‘lll')’ cxpcnso and cucluy to tho
lruly glorious ldl'nls Sinlc collcgc
brcluhcs lnlo lls (‘llll(ll'l‘ll yoll and

if you ul‘o u ll‘ll‘lltl ol' the Frosh
cup. plcnsc llsk Ihc l'i(llll'illll)ll lnl'ully
\\'lllll ll thinks uboul [his qucsllon
I how no! inqulrl-ll. blll l hcllcvc l
cnn gucss lhclr unswcr

Anonymous
l'ldllor  " 

.»\l hlsl Mlllll‘llllllu hm. lll'l‘ll llUlll‘
lo corrch lhc horrlblc sllunllon lo
winch rll‘ulry has sunk Al liltit
Hilllc Is to ugllln lzlkc on lhc scm~
bloom» of n (‘()l.l.l'2(ll‘.' for 'l‘coclwx":.
Illhll‘lltl oi all lNH'l'l'l‘U'l'lON.

l \\l'll‘ollll'. wholchcnl'lcdly, lhc

It'll'll ol cups for lllc 1913 l'rosh. and
ill \l'ngcr lhcy wlll loo. 'l‘hc wcnr~
lug ol cups ls. pcrhups, llu- bcsl plnn
l know (11' lo signify to the public
lhc incl lhnl llll‘l'l‘ is still n youthful
ll‘cshncss lo lhc “Sluic's fulurc
lcochcrs."
'l‘llo cups will. in my estimation.
serve us an identification ing for
the frosh. Who can tell u frosh froln
nothing--~nl‘lor the week of wearing
ribbons has passed only a sorority
girl. '

 

Here’s to 1942 and their blue and
while caps. Tapper

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 14, 1938

I

Freshmen Cagers
Garner Victory
Fronillinsselaer

Crimson and White Tackles
Terrace Blue Devils in
Preliminary Tilt

Nosing out the Rensselaer High
cagers for their first victory of the
season last Friday night the State
Frosh basketcers will stack against
Nott Terrace boys for the first time
in two years tomorrow night in a
preliminary game to the State—
Plattsburg tussle in the Page hall
gym at 7:30 p. m.

It is evident that by this win the
yearlings have hit their stride at
last. In the early stages of the
Rensselaer game. the Crimson and
White were far behind by a score of
15-3. This game is a tribute to the
grit and courage of the Frosh. From
this point on the Frosh slowly but
steadily gained on the chsselners
until at the half they were behind
by one point.

After the beginning of the second
half, thc Frosh were never hcadcd.
However. near the end. the chs-
sclacr boys made a desperate attempt
to recapture the lead with their ace.
D'Arcy, scoring lhrcc field goals. In
spite of this the Crimson and White
held thcm back to win.

Commenting on the game. Amyot
classed it as an "exciting contest. It
will probably show the Frosh that
they can play basketball." He was
pleased with the. spirit shown by the
Frosh.

This defeat of chsselaer spoils
her record of all wins and no losses
this season. Renssclaer won from
Milne High who gave the Frosh a
decisive defeat just before the
Christmas vacation and from C. B.
A. one of the strongest teams in its
class.

Although handicapped by the
graduation of their star-players last
June, Nott Terrace still will present
a strong offensive squad for the
Frosh to butter down. In the last
game played between the two
schools. Nott Terrace drubde the
Frosh of '39 to the tune of 33-11.

When the Yearllngs go on the
floor they have more than half a
chance to win. Nott Terrace has lost
four of her last five games. With
the Frosh in their stride tomorrow’s
preliminary tilt will be worth watch-
ing.

The box score of the game:

Slain Frosh
lr‘ii l~‘l‘ 'l'l' 1'1"
(1

llllllli‘ll‘\\'li"l.. l'l .3 ill 2
Hullllll-lulrc. ll' . 1'. (1 ll '1
Ynlsl-nlll. c. . | 'J »l :l
Mcl‘rohry, rg . I II ‘J 21
lhly. rg. . 1| ll 0 l
Lllllnn. lg 1 l 21 .‘l
llilsllln, lg ‘_‘ II I '_'

.‘l 2!“

|.".
licnsm-lncr lllgll
ll‘ll. l4'l'

11’. 1'1".
ll'.\l'l'l\. ll 1 .3 1.‘l '.'
l.l\'|llj.‘\|lll|. 11‘ o l | 1
l‘lllllll'll‘l‘, ll '1 (I (l l‘.
llolll-ll. 4' . ’..' '_.’ Ii l

Ill-o. 1‘}: l o '.' 'J
\lllsoll lg ‘

|lonnd~. lg n o ll

>1

Intramural Iiaslwllmll

Slurulirrg

Monday's (innit-s
l’ollcr (‘lub vs. 'l‘l'oy-Sch'uccl'lly
Avalon-Hpcuccr \‘s. All ()lhcrs

'l'hllrxdny's (inmcs
li'p'u l)'llu lt'o \‘s. (Tollcgc l'lousc
All ('l'h'l‘s Vs A'l)‘lly U‘ll'l‘l'l sslu'll

'l‘cillu Standing

'l‘cuul W. 1.. l’l‘l
linppu lil-lln ltho 'J 1) 1.001)
Alhully lllllll‘l‘f'lilhh ‘J (J lllllll
(lolll'gl- liollm‘ '3 l .lillli
Al'zlll)ll«Hpclll'cl‘ l l .5110
l’olll‘l'('llll) l l .‘illll
All ()llli'l'n ll 1 (Hill
‘l‘l‘o_\»Hl'lll‘lll'l'lnlly (I 1 Hill)
Albunl' Ullllcl'l'lu:..~. l) l (1111)
Kuppu lll‘ln (l 11 llllll

Lila! chll's “('hlllih

l\' I) ll ‘15 l’llllt‘l‘ (‘lub 'J-l
Album lllllil‘l'h 32 Album l.o\\

('l'h ll

(lolll-gc llousl- Llll /\yuloll-ﬁpcll~

Alllnlly Ulilh‘l‘n Lil) Kuppu lictn
Ell.

.‘\’l"l‘I£N'l‘l()N. WOMEN!
'l‘hosc of you of dancing ability
ul'c cordllllly invllod lo uppl'ul‘ morc
often in the Commons at noon for
the benefit of lhc mule dancing
gentry of State college. Thank you.

Signnde—A. P. B. l). E. N.
lAssoclutlon for the Promotion of
Better Dancing Engagements at

 

 

Intramural
Winter
Sports

 

 

 

At a combined meeting of bowling,
aquatic. and boxing enthusiasts, con-
ducted under the leadership of John
O'Brien, '38, president of Men's Ath-
letic association last Monday noon.
plans for these sports were discussed.

No Support

John O'Brien stressed the fact
that if the men at State don't show
any interest in the winter program.
intramural sports, as is presented,
will be a total flop.

Al the meeting there were a total
of ten men present. This number
will not suffice to carry out the
practical program offered the inch
in intramural sports.

In the past the men have com-
plnlncd that M. A. A. and Intra—
mural councll didn't offer them a
full sports program. Now. when a
varied program is offered them. they
don't come out to participate.

Group House Meeting

Because of the fact that there
seem to be more group house spirit
shown in intramural sports than is
shown by any individual spirit.
M. A. A. plans to conduct a meeting
with the representatives of each
group house and those commuting
in the Capital District some time
next week.

M. A, A. believes that in this way
the plans of the Winter intramurals
will be a success for the men.

At last Monday's meeting some ad-
ditional plans for swimming were an-
nounced. Every Wednesday the pub-
lic baths at Ontario and Central will
be opened to the men free with the
‘nomlnal fee of ten cents for towel
and soap.

Al. the present. twelve have signed
up for the swimming. A manager in
charge of this program will be ap-
pointed by M. A. A. from those who
show interest.

During the week, there will be a
shch posted on the M. A. A. bulletin
board for those who are interested
in aquatics. If enough arc interest-
ed, M. A. A. and Intramural council
will sponsor an Acquath Carnival to
be conducted some time this spring.

Bowling Prospects

Prospects for a bowling and box-
ing lcaguc seem to be very slhn with
the present number of men signed
up. So far only five have signified
that they are interested.

Unless more interest is shown by
the men participating in these
sports. they will have to be dropped
from the intramural program.
Wrestling. which many lncn have
bccn asking to include in the pro-
gram. will not even be considered.

 

It is hopcd that more interest will
be shown by thc men at the next
mccling whcn plans can be. and will
be morc fully dcvclopcd with the
various group houscs nnd othcr rcp-
rc. l-nlnllycs bring prcscui.
Monday's Mccliug
Al Inst Monday‘s mccllng. Jolnnly
O'Lil'lcn sll'cssl'll lhlll llll' boxlllg pro-
gram undcr lhc cxccllcnl, guldancc
of Tommy Mcchun, grud. is for lhosc
mcn inlcrl-slcll in learning lhc gcnllc
till (11' l‘islicuffs. For those who ul-
rl-aldy know how lo usc lhclr pugil»
1:.l1c flsls 11 full compclilm- progl'nlll
nwnus lhclu.
Shl-cls w1|l bc poslcd on lhc
M A, A bullclln bourd. nod, us soon
11>. lhcrc nrc cnough mcn \\llllll|.; lo
go out. lhc bcgluncrs nlul ndynuccd
l'lnsscs will sllll‘l.
'l‘hc :uilllll' got-s lor bowling. M A.
A. and lulrnmurnl council lnlvc sc~
curcd lhc usc of lhc ltll'c llowllng
nllcys for tho usc of State 111(‘11. ’l‘hl-
ullcys ('llll bu lllif'fl llu'cc ulghls n
wcck nl lhc nominal fcl- of i‘ll'lccu
l'cllls 11 game.
If cnough mcn arc uucrcstcd. it
is possiblo that M. A. A. and Intru-
murnl council might be able to get
tho alloys at a lower rate per games
Wllcn you sign up for the sports
you are interested in, it is asked that
you add next to your name the days
you can participate. This will en-
able M. A. A. to know exactly how

 

Noon)

'omore Quintet failed to click in the

'Connecticut State Suffers at
Hands of Varsity to l
l Tune of 35-30

PEDS LEAD Ar HALF

Purple and Gold to Travel
To Hartwick Tonight;
Seek Seventh Win

Tonight State's undefeated squad— I
ron will terminate a five-game road
trip when they travel to Oneonta to
make a strong bid for their seventh
straight win. and then the cagcy
basketeers will return tomorrow
night to Page hall for their third
home game of the current season to
clash with the shifty Plattsburg
Normal five.

With Captain Tom Ryan and
“Duke” Hershkowitz scoring an ag-
gregate of 21 points. the State Col-
lege quintet continued to cut its
swath in the win column by defeat-
ing the Connecticut Teacher's five
last week on the latter's stamping
ground; thereby writing an ideal
prelude to tonight's game at Hart-
wick.

Coach G. Elliot Hatfield started
his second team, but installed the
varsity when the home towners had
captured the lead. Trailing 7-0. the
State five moved into action slowly
during the first half, the end of
which showed the excellent defen-
sive power which they possess. for
they lead 11-10.

But things began to move a trifle
faster in the second half. Both
teams took the offensive but the
Hatfield hoopsters had the better
of the situation. emerging from the
fray on the tall end of the 35-30
score.

Hershkowltz with 11 points and
Ryan with 10 paced the scoring for
State. while Flood netted 8 points
for Connecticut. Various members
of the squad claim it to have been
the most strenuous game of the cur-
rent season.

I Tonight the Purple and Gold seeks

its seventh straight victory at Hart-
wlck. Last year, there were two en-
counters with the Hartwick Cagers.
each team taking a game.

The second encounter and incid-
entally, the final game of the 1936-
37 season, took place on the Oneonta
Armory court. Situations were re-
versed. The upper hand was not
held by the visitors. nor were the
howling fans from the purple and
gold Alma Mater. Hatfields's Soph-

opcning frame and the once beaten
Hartwick basketecrs took advantage
of their opponents and pulled ahead
with a comfortable lead. The seniors
relieved the younger members and
with Bancroft leading them, they
cut the lead of their adversaries
down at half time to two points.

Encouraged by this display of of-

 

 

Ihc fusl pllcc lhlll Slilll‘ scl in tho
sl-l-ond half saw Plnllsbul'g falter,

:Varsity Quintet "Continues Undefeated
ﬁlo Last Week’s Sixth Consecutive Win

 

 

The
Pitcher '3
Box

 

 

W. D. R.

We wonder what colleges will be
listed on State’s 1938-39 schedule?
. . . with an all-veteran varsity squad
returning next fall the Purple and
Gold could undoubtedly handle a
heavier schedule . . .

The Hatfield men have sewn up
thus far this season six straight
victories . . . and are headed directly
for an undefeated season . . . one
senior appears on the varsity roster
this year . . . although Captain
Tommy Ryan is a dependable and
consistent scorer as well as a highly-
polishcd ball handler . . . the re—
maining squad members are not to
be forgotten . . . for the ten remain-
ing members that comprise the var—
sity squad will form the nucleus of
Hatfield's team next year . . ,

The junior delegates, George,
Mike, “Wheeze,” Frank, Bill, and
Merrill have played together for the
past three years . . . playing under
tile guiding hand of Jerry Amyot. '36,
as representative of the class of
1939 and last year all six moving up
to varsity berths . . . “Duke” boasts
a year of Varsity experience as a
freshman . . . playing varsity ball in
1935-36 under Coach Goewey . . .
with these seven men combined with
Tommy Barrington's freshmen stars.
Simmons. Frament, and Balog . . .
Coach Hatfield will have a well-sea-
soned varsity roster next season . . .

State’s present schedule includes
every available college in the for-
mer’s class . . . However. after win-
ning for themselves such an enviable
record as six straight victories. this
year a heavier schedule is absolutely
warranted .

On February 12, our squadron will
meet Vermont University at Burling-
ton . . . This game will test State's
man power . . . Vermont has on
their winning column to date Mc-
Gill, St. Michael’s, Hamilton. and
Colgate . . . Vermont has lost how—
ever in it's two engagements with
Dartmouth. . .

 

 

Pratt Institute and Brooklyn Poly,

each a rather formidable adversary.

Until these games have been stow-

ed away, there is the possibility of a
good season but not an undefeated
one. Remember, that regardless of

results, we have a group of fellows

who have played really superlor
basketball. An undefeated campaign
would mean a lot to them, but

they‘ve done good work as it is. and

we'll back them up anyway. won’t
we? That's the spirit.

fcnsivc power, the visitors moved State
into a '7 point lead in the second “NHL, n. V“ I”; ll_‘
half. but hard fighting Hurtwick llyuu.‘ rl'.' ' .. ,,'....'. . .1 73 1n
plnycrs rci'uscd to stay behind and ’ljcux-rl~ll.-. lf. .. o o o
lhc finnl gun lucanl. a 42—37 loss for "'.""'l'_"’”“; ll- -  '-' U -i
[he pcdngogucs. (lcorgc Bancroft |,.~'ll,l.‘.ll'..,['l-.' . . l,’  if
nlmlsscd 12 points to demonstrate -\|II_\'ol. 1-1:, ’ o o 1')
his llbillly us 11 lmskclccr, .(uix'nljhzf‘wllil’1 "L" l 1: 11
H H . . .. . . rg. . o o ll
lonlollow ulghl \vlll llll(l Lhc lcnnll “W... m. 0 0
playing host to an invnding. spirited 1‘12”an Ir. 2 o l
1’lullsbln'g squad. 'I‘hcrc urc tllosc 1.0”“ H _ W.“
ol' you who may recall lhul during. ’ . . ‘ 
lhc 1935-36 campaign. the Stutcj (“medium hm!” , H
from ll'ckkcd lo Phillsburg to nib, |-'|...,.| H; l‘”, 1' 1,; H:
uunlrlcr n thorough "posting" to ‘l‘ll'l‘H‘ll'l‘. If. . '1 l 7..
[hr viclory - cxpcclnnl oppoucnts  ,‘.“",""'-";, “‘_. - ” ” I"
, ‘ . ‘_ . l . . bllllIllU/./._ ii p o “l
Ihc lusl hnll won a lnp-uud-luck ul- , linl'lllllll. 1-. . I l .l
l'zur wuh lhc invndcrs lcndiug by n li-Illlmlldl. rr. _' l '.l
onc-poinl nnlrgln. 22-21. llolvcrcr. ,\"."”.”l' I” 4‘ ” 'l.
; -I-|"'. ll! o o o

'l‘..l.ll.~ I: ll :.o

   

Page 3

Close Contests
Mark Intramural
Basketli_all Frays

Kappa De—lta Rho Conqueror
Potter Club and Ties
For F irat Place

In an overtime match against
Potter Club, the Kappa Delta Rho
boys squeezed out a one point vic-
tory to keep their record of no de-
feats intact. This wln keeps them in
a tie for first place with Albany Up-
perclassmen.

Potter vs. K. D. R.

In last Thursday night's contest.
the score was tied 17-17 as the time
keeper‘s whistle blew ending the
game. An overtime period of three
minutes was given during which
Potter Club scored seven points to
K. D. R.’s six. With two seconds to
go there was a jump ball near
K. D. R.'s basket. "Red" Stevens.
'40_ of K. D. R. not only got the
jump but also tapped the ball into
the basket for the lead when the
final whistle blew. He also led in
the scoring with a total of 13 points.

College House Comeback

With two minutes to play and
seven points behind, it appeared as
if College House would lose to the
Avalon-Spencer Hall aggregation.
But with swift passing and getting
by the guard of their faltering op-
ponents. the C. H. boys pulled the
chestnuts out of the fire by a one
point margin. the score being 23-22.

After a close fight in the early
stages of the game, the Albany
Uppers forged ahead to beat Kappa
Beta by the score of 29-20. This puts
the Uppers in a tie for first place
with Kappa Delta Rho. Schmitz led
the high scorers with a total of 12
for the Uppers while Pearson topped
the K. B. boys with 8.

So far the teams. on a whole, have
been very evenly matched. K. D. R.
won by one point margins in two
of the games they played. Avalon-
Spencer won and lost by one or two
point margins. College House, los-
ing her first game by one point came
back to defeat all others by a large
score and nosed out Av.-Sp. by one
point. The exception to the rule is
the Albany Upperclassmen who won
their first two contests by nice mar-
gins.

W. A. A. To Sponsor
Two Sports Events

As part of its Winter Sports pro-
gram. W. A. A. is sponsoring two
events this week end. One is the
snow train to North Creek on Sun-
day. The train leaves Albany at
8:00 o’clock Sunday morning and re—
turns at 9:05 o'clock at night. Round
trip rate is $1.50. The train has a
baggage car to carry skiis, snow-
shoes. toboggans and other equip-
ment. Reasonably priced meals will
be served in the diner all day. and
there are many local eating places.
For twenty-five cents a bus will take
skiers to the top of Gore Mountain,
whore trails lead away in all direct-
ions. There are gentle slopes for

 

l beginners and fast trails for experts.

Bcsidcs ski trails. North Creek pro-
vidcs snowshoe trails, toboggan
slopes and skating facilities. Take

 

your own skates, skiis. snowshoes
and loboggans or see Mildred Pnng—
burn for A. A. equipment.

Thc sccond feature is a week end
ill Comp Johnston. All A. A. Win—
lcr Sports cqulpmcnt will be taken
out so that campers can ski. snow
shoe and loboggnn on the surround—
ing hills or skate on the pond in
Clllllllillll. '1‘hc lrnin lcnvcs Albany

_ at 5:15 o'clock this afternoon. Chair-

1111111 of lhc wcck end is Maria Mctz.

Sign up for cilhcr lhc snow lrnin or

lhc wl-ck cud. on lhc A. A. bulletin
board.

 

lry to L‘llll'll up. and finally drop into
lhc short cnd of the 49 lo 37 game.
Dick Murglson, who suffcrcd an in—
jurcd l'ool in thc cnrllcr port. ol' the
scuson ucl.l.cd 12 points.

So for no onc has loppod the
Slulo (.‘ollcgo aggregation and if they
win tonight one half of the season
will have bccn completed. Statistics
show that State can't get below a
500 average for lhc current season
if tonight's encounter proves a set—1
buck to Hurtwick. Already there
have been a few discussions as to‘
the possibilities of an undefeatedi
season but hopes must not rise too
high. Rabid fans must remember

 

many men to expect on those certain
days.

 
 

'<~'ﬁmwu=rﬁmlm~¢kuuw. ..,. 

 

that the State team has yet to meet

(loo. I). Jeoncy, I’rop

Boulevard

and Grill

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Dial 5-1913

Cafeteria

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

   

 

