 

Page 4.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 18, 1938

 

 

 

 

COMMUNICATION

 

 

the first of the reports Myskania will submit to Dr. Brubacher on
the Easy/miens for a five-year curriculum, the following deals with the classi-
fication of the different extra-curricular groups in State college.

Editor STATE COLLEGE News:

Rob

ert W. Frederick, professor of

MySanIB WIShes to inform the education; April 5, Diagnostic Tests

News and other publications of
State college as to the consistency
of form that should be adopted in
the future in reference to the soc-
ieties on the State college campus.
In a report submitted to Dr. Bru-
bocher, Myskania classified the local
societies according to the definitions
as worded by the National Commit-
tee on College Societies.
'The following are the interpreta-
tions of these divisions on our
campus:
I. Honor societies (where there is
a scholarship requirement).
A. Signum Laudis—scholastic
honor society.
B. Pi Gamma Mu —— social
. science honor society.
II. Professional societies
A. Kappa Phi Kappa—educa-
tional professional society.
III. Campus leadership
A. Myskania — senior campus
leadership society.
IV. Interest groups
A. Student Council. I
B. Class officers. ,
C. Athletic associations. I
D. Religious clubs.
E. Departmental clubs.
F. Peace Club and Interna-
tional Relations Club.
G. Press Bureau. i
i

 

V. Social groups
A. Sororities.
B. Fraternities.

Practice Teachers
Will Have Meetings

Meetings for practice teachers will I
be conducted every Tuesday in room
20 of Richardson hall at 4:30 o’clock,
according to the announcement of
Paul Bulger, secretary of the ap-“
pointment bureau. I

Following appears a schedule of.
the meetings including a list of the,
topics and speakers who will address
the teachers: March 15, The NCWI
High School Population, Dr. Johni
M. Sayles, professor of education and [
director of guidance; March 22,‘
Facts about the Milne High Group,
Mrs. Frances Crellin; March 29, Al-;
ternatives to the Recitation, Dr.|

I
V l

 

 

 

Iiloolih’l“is
BI

 

vnurs m
UP to 5292 can 40¢
WITH CARTON FROM COLOAIE-I’AIMOLIVE

TOILEIRIES Oil VASELINE HAIR TONIC
FULL DEIAILS AI OUR IOILEI GOODS COUNTER

 

The College Pharmacy

l'hono 3-0307 ALBANY, N. Y.
7 No. Lake Ave. at Western Ave.

 

 

     

«not;
OPTICIAN 0

FR E D E'I"'I"E'$'r
65 Columblaitﬁ’dudm/twt

<_OMPI£ IE OPIKAL SERVICE

for

tion

 

the Program of Individualiza-
in the Junior-Senior High

Incorrrr (a IVIYIiiiE.
Tom: 1 n (‘0

ﬁmeL-i »

Copyright 1C

School, Dr. Earl B. South, assistant Germ“. Club to Entertain
professor of education; April 26, In- The German club Wm conduct a
dividual Procedures in Social Studies, Raffeeklatsch on Friday’ March 25_
Helen Halter, assistant professor and m the Lounge of Richardson hall at
director of social studies, and Carl- 7;3o o'clock, according to an an-
ton A. Moose. supervisor of science; nouncement by Carl Schoeffler, '39,
May 3, Contribution of the Library president of the club. Games, en-
to the Individualized Procram, Miss tertainment, and refreshments will
Thelma Eaton, instructor in library be a part of the evening.
science; May 10 Differences in Per- .

' Dr. C. Currien Smith, assistant pro-
sonality and Emotional Adjustment fessor of education; and a, Life Our-

in the Junior-Senior Hi h School,

Dr, Elizabeth 3 Moms, piofessor of riculum as the Individualized Pro-
education; May 17, Curriculum Pro- gram. Dr. J . Allen Hicks, professor
visions for Individual Differences, of guidance; May 24, the History of

 

 

    

like Clicstcrliclds .

  

I . can haw.
’\

stcrficld

m~rwvvﬁ< —. ..

 

Wait. . . wait. ..

that’s the watchword for
Chesterﬁeld tobaccos

Here’s the r ‘ason so many smokers

Pedagogue Sets Deadline

Do you want a Pedagogical? Hurry
before it is too late. The deadline
for the Pcdagog-ue is Friday, March
25. All those of you who want a
Pod must be sure to sign for it
before this date, either in the Activ-
ities office or with any member of
the Ped staff.

Individualization, Dr. William M.
French, professor of education; May
31, Individualization and the Demo-
cratic Ideal, Dr. Arthur K. Beik, pro-
fessor of education.

 

 

 

'l‘housunds of casks of mild ripc
Chesterﬁeld tobacco are kept in stor-
age all the limo—every pound of it
- N
aged 3 years or more to give (ahcsi-
criicld smokers more pl insure.
'I'lu’ mi/r/ ri/ic to/Mccos—homo-grown
am/ aromatic '1 'Itr/ris/z —am/ l/u' [mrc
cigarcttc [id/)cr MW! in (I/u's‘Icr/ic/(ls
-" arc flu: [lost ingri'z/icuts u cigarettc

'1 hey Satisfy.

. . Mat/Wyn? you
MORE PLEASURE

  a

    

; ﬁes 

s
g
i

 

 

State

 I (wish;

\

mrw..w-W' ‘ M W‘.’ ' . ..

r)‘.

 

 

 

VOL. XXII, No. 20

Dramatic Class
To Present Play
During Assembly

Committee Will Distribute
Student Questionnaire
On Honor System

Virginia Hall, ‘39, will direct a
comedy which will be presented in
this morning's assembly, according
to an announcement by Warren
Densmore. '38, president of Student
association.

The cast consists of Garfield
Arthur, ‘38, and Ruth Sinovoy, Cath-
erine Lynch, Dee Jesse, Charles
Walsh and Joseph Leese, juniors.

Committees for the play are: sets,
Marion Minst, ’39; props, Garfield
Arthur. ‘38; costumes and make—up,
Jeanne Cln'isler and Charles Walsh,
juniors.

Additional business today will con-
sist of rcvotes for N. S. F. A. dele-
gates to the Mid—Atlantic district
meeting at Vassar college. The can-
John

didates are: Christine Ades,
Edge. Betty Hayford and Dunton
Tynan.

The committee which was appoint-
ed by the president of Student
Council to consider the feasibility
of an honor system at State college
feels that its report must have the
approval of the student body, if any
degree of accuracy is to be attained.
Therefore. a questionnaire will be
presented to the student body in
assembly, which will attempt to
guage student opinion on the matter.

‘presidcnt of the council.

.counci],

 

The fccling current among some
students that the absence of an:
honor system in a teacher’s college
is a disgrace to the profession, added
to the realization of an acute need
for some new system, gave rise to,l
a motion in assembly calling for the:
appointment. of a committee to iii-I
vestigatc the possibility of introduc-
ing such a system. This committee
has been working with faculty mem-
bers, while at the same time an 111-
quii'y has been sent to individuals
at other schools regarding the rela—
tive success of the honor system in
these colleges. Now the committeei

 

 

S'rA'n; COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., NIARCII 25, 1938

All-State Dance Ends
As Financial Success

Ali-State dances are a success,
as the results of the two experi-
ments with them show. The one
last Friday night was certainly
proof of the fact that students
will turn out to an informal, iii-
expensive dance, and give it
their whole -hearted support.
Ticket sales totaled 298; the
sophs lead the list with 81; the
juniors rank second with 61,
then come the fresh with 55, the
seniors with 42, the grads with
18, and outsiders bought 41. High
ticket-sellers were Virginia Mc-
Dermott and Arnold Ellerin,
freshmen, who lead with sales of
54 and 41 respectively.

The net profit on the dance
was $26.31, of which $25.00 went
to the victrola committee; the
remaining $1.31 was divided
among the four classes.

 

Kappa Beta Becomes
Member of Council

Lewis. Smith and Bergstcin to be
Representatives to Group
Kappa Beta fraternity is now a
probationary member of Interim-
ternlty council, according to the an-
nouncement of Alfred Trehanon, ’38.
Nahum
Lewis. David Smith. seniors, and
Harry Bergstein. '39. will serve as
representatives of Kappa Beta on
the council.
According to the regulations of the
a fraternity applying for
entrance must servo a probationary
period of one year. Kappa Beta, on
probation since last fall, will there-
fore automatically become a full-
f icdgcd member next September.
Kappa Beta. the third fraternity
to organize at State college, was
formed early in the spring of last
year with the purpose of establish-
ing a group house for men. After
obtaining a house last September,
it has expanded as a fraternity into
its present size of 44 members.
Interfratcrnity council was organ-
ized in the spring of 1936 by Gamma
chapter of Kappa Delta Rho and the
Edward Eldrch Potter club as a
means of securing a greater amount
of co-operation among the fraterni-

dcsires to turn to the student body tics of State college. It also has as its
as a whole for an expression of opin- purpose the regulation and promo—
ion, since this question affects each {tion of more activities between the
and every student individually. various fraternities at State.

SophomoreClass—Has smalzLead 
Over Spirited Freshmen Rivals

by Saul Grccnwaid ©

With the coming of spring, a;ihrough elevator shafts.
young man's fancy (or woman's) ‘audgarrcts.
turns to the spring cleaning of the There are certain restrictions set
school property. to the wide open up by Student council governing the
spaces. and of course. Love. There size and placement of the mascot.
is, however, no low} lost between the iThc mascot. shall be a small statute
mcmbcrs of the soph and froshioi' about six inches high and not
classes. The rivalry spirit has grip- morc than eight pounds in weight.
pcd both classes so that they are A sculch report of the hiding lJlaCO
running “ncck nnd neck." not neck- will be handed in to the president of
ing. compcling for the remaining Student council at least three days
rivalry points, ilM’lOl'O the hunt begins. The mascot

’l‘hc soplionltu'c class is officially cannot hc hidden in the Administra-
uhcud with :1 scorc of 11‘: to 5‘2; ‘lev officcs, Milne high, Library, Co-
unofficiuliy lhc i‘rcsiunun class has 01). Julliloi's offices, on roofs of
to its credit five morc points which building-9. 100k?“ UP 01' hill‘i'ICUdCd
is due ihcm for finding the sopho- 01' hl mn'thins that must be When
morc bnuncr. Before grilling offi- ulhll‘lx.
ciui l'l’illl‘y points for finding the] The rivalry program for the m-
bunncr, thcy must proscnt it. to tllizlilllllilill‘l' of the ycur has been so
president of Student council the duy‘HD- 'l'lH‘ IIH‘h'S lillﬁhhdll conlt‘sl.
l)]‘(*('[|(‘(“]1g1]]()VII)“-I|l)(lﬂy' coummg Ihrcc points. will be con—

Thc sopllonlol'c ciuss won liic ducch ihc day prcccdmg moving-up
rn'ulry sing in tho first scmcstcr, 2': (hl.\’- 'l'hf' ('hlﬁh HUME. 00111111111;
points; womcn's sports, .'i points; lln‘ci- points, will take place in the
mcn‘s pushbull, 3 points; and mcn’s illh‘l'htmll 0| moving-Hi) (th While
buskclbull, :i ilUlIllS. ’i‘lu- i'i'csluucn the rivalry sins. counting three
won the dcbuic in Ilii.‘ second scnicst— ‘ iiUhllS. WI“ hi! committed in the
or, 21:“. 1min”; girl's basketball, 3 cvcning. 'l‘hc unnounccmcnt of the
points; and lhcy found lhc soph Willth 01' lhtr rivalry will follow the
banner, 5') points. unofficially. Shit".

The next. (gm-m in pimp-y which Undcr the direction of Student
will be 111,. week {Mimi/mg Easter council and at the suggestion of the
rcccss, is the search for [he soph prcsidcnt of the college. rivalry has
masoni, which counts five points for hurl] organized. In the past, there
the winning class. The sophomore has been unorganized hunts con-
cluss is dctcrmincd that tho frosh ducted in it "Shilohmt" manner dur-
will not find its precious mascot us ing’ the period of rivalry. The un—
easily as it found its banner. They organized rivalry has resulted in the
expect to chuckle up their sleeve as destruction of school lJl'ODGl'W 311d
the poor begrimed frosh climb injury of some of the students.

chimneys,

 

 

t.

 

$2.00 PER YEAR, 32 WEEKLY Issues.

W. A. A. and M. A. A. to Entertain College

At Social and Athletic

PRESIDENTS OF ATHLETIC ASSOCIATIONS

 

 

 

  

 

   

Thelma Miller. 38. president of Women's Athletic association. and

John O'Brien, ’38, president of Men's Athletic association.
l 0
Women to Receive

Reed E. Vetterli ,
., Exiensron of Rules
T0   ,‘Faculiy Committee Approves Change

After Easier Recess

 

Head of the Federal Bureau‘
Of Investigation to Talk
On Organization

Following the submission of a
report by Myskania, senior campus
,leadership society, to Dr. A. R. Bru-
Ibacher, president of the college, the
——~——— faculty committee on student activi-

On Tuesday evening, March 29, HOS has ﬁDDI'OVCd the Suggestions 9f
at 8:00 o’clock, in Page hall auditor- Ml’SkalliR f01‘ increased hOUI‘ Dl‘1V1-
ium, Y. W. C. A. and the Syracuse logos .for weekends after the Easter
Alumnae association will sponsor a vacation-
lccture and open forum by Reed E. The new hours include an exten-
Vcttei'li, head of the Federal Bureau fsion of time from the present week-
of Investigation of the New York city end hour of 12 o'clock to 1:00 o’clock
area. The topic for discussion will for members of the senior. junior
be on the organization and the work and sophomore classes, but the
of the F. B. I. houses will be closed to guests after

Vetterli is a man of uide andjhh00 O'CIOCk-
varied experience. After receiving | The regulations on hours to go into
his L. L. B. degree from George effect after spring vacation entail an
Washington college in Washington, added amount of discretion on the
D. 0.. he went directly into police part of the student body, for the
service for the Federal government. reputation of the college must be the
In 1920 he was put in charge of the ,prime consideration of those who
1“, B. 1. office in the western part of take advantage of the added time
the COUhh'i" From, there he ,Was Residence council submitted to the
li'ﬂllSlCI'l'OCl t0 LITE Philadelphia OIIICB organized women's horises the (lugs-
“hd 1“ 1933- he “'hj‘i 91110?“ 1“ Charge tion of accepting the responsibility
01 the NOW YQI'k City Omcc- He was of complying strictly with the impli-
“)0 he." hm“, “1 Ah“ I'CCOhL hl'eﬂk'ul) [cations of the new rules. The voting
01 the SW “hi; “1 New York 'rclurns indicated an overwhelming

According to rcccnt statistics onlmujority acquiescing.

Cl'hh’t‘.‘ Yt‘lli‘l'h [JOHN-‘9 0m that 01 The main points and reasons given
Um 39”“ “HT-915» 75’“ 01 Lh? Cl'hh- iby Myskania in its report on housing
mills escapeLuri'csiuciiic toL insultii— rpgulmmns include;

' i . r‘cs f I 1‘ 1 . .

liltibllic m  full-iiich slidivcdo thtlI 1' smcc most 01 the suite comge
I ‘r .. . ‘1 . students are self—supporting finan-
about 00'. oi ihc population of the dam, they WSW“ mmlmm, “
prisons liilH. nun and women under strong sense of FOSIJOHMMIM,‘

21 ycurs of ugc.
I) ' X. y ’ ‘ ) . 1
“be” [" ... Rules wore faithfully adhered to.

At ihu mcciing Mrs.

Sports Night

lHershkowitz And Hessney
Will Act As Chairmen
Of Annual Event

EVENT TO START AT 8:00

Scene of Activity Will Be
In Page Hall; Program
Offers Novelties

M. A. A. will don skirts tomorrow
night, and the women will adopt
pants for the second annual change
of views, known as Sports Night.
Committees from both councils have
been working under the leadership
of M. A. A.'s Duke Hershkowitz, ’39,
and his assistant, Louise Hessney,
'40, of the girls' faction.

Not only the two sexes will join
hands. but also the old and new
gyms. Page hall court will see the
beginning of the activities at 8:00
o’clock when the athletic program
will be started. At 9:30 o’clock, the
athletic program will be concluded,
and the carnival will hold sway in
the Commons. ,

The Bills, Hopke and Torrens, are
conniving to show some of the old
tumbling spirit that's been missing
since the between-the-haif acts of
last year's basketball games. Their
programs will be carried out with the
aid of Bill Thomas and Al Weiss, and
will consist of group work, double
acts. a “three in a bed” skit, and in-
dividual work. As an additional feat-
ure. a rope—climbing contest will be
conducted with two teams of five
men each competing. The ten men
participating will be the four men
in the tumbling act, and six men
chosen from the gym classes.

The fellows will not have to suffer
a. straight defeat this year at the
hands of the women basketballers.

According to the method of attack
planned by Ed Melanson and Betty
Allen, the hoops will be bargained for
by two mixed teams, each one con-
sisting of three men and three girls.
The fellows who have accepted the
challenge to play under girls' rules
are Len Friedlander, Walt Sim-
mons, Wheeze Lehman, Arnold Ell-
erin, George Amyot. Mike Walko,
Tom Ryan, Bill Hopke, and Herb
Oksaia. They outnumber the host-
esses of the event. Grace Yorkey,
Ethel Little, Betty Allen. Della
IC'onIinucd on page 1,, column U

 

 

 

Van Aukcn, n Syrucusc Alumnae, will
pi'cscnt Dr. A. R. Brubuchcr, presi-
dcut of [he collcgc, who will intro-
(lllt'c the guest speaker for the even-
ing.

llclcn Burghcr, Syracuse Alumnae,
is ilic gcncrul chairman and Marion
Rockefeller, ’30, is studan chairman
for thc cvcm, They will be assisted
by tho following committee chairmen
and siudcnis: R. Christine Dcrsh-
imor. ’Iiii, chairman of publicity in
lhc coilcgc; Fay Schcer, '40, chair-
man for publicity in the community;
and Roland Waterman, ’39, chairman
for newspaper publicity.

Dick Lonsdule, ‘39, is chairman of
the ushers who include: Warren
Dcnsmorc, Herbert Drooz, Muriel
Goldberg, seniors; John Edge, Betty
Huyi’ord, June Palmer, juniors; and
Rita Sullivan, ’40, Several Syracuse
Alumnae will also act as ushers for

 

the lecture.

of nearby colleges because of the
lime cicmciu. involved in transporta-
lion.

4. Stale college, not being locutcd
in n collcgc town, is dependent upon
schedule of recreational

I :i. It is difficult to attend functions

.uu urban
activities.

5. Most of [he houscs of residence
are from one to three miles from
the cutcrtulnmcnt section, making a
trip of at least thmy minutes each
way a necessity.

Moreland To Entertain

The Canterbury club will conduct
a social meeting at the home of
Dean Moreland on Wednesday night,
from 7:30 to 10:00 o’clock, according
to an announcement by Marjorie
Jobson, '38, president. There will be
entertainment and refreshments, and
all Canterbury club members and
Episcopal students are invited.

 

 

 

 

Faculty To Conduct
Annual Discussions

The fourteenth annual round table
Conference will be conducted at
State college on April 9. The con-
ferences will be conducted for the
benefit of school teachers and aci-
ministrntors in the capital district.
Dr. J. M. Suyles, professor of edu-
cation und director of training. and
Dr. William M. French, instructor
in education, will be co—chairuwn.

There will be nine round table
conferences during the morning. The
chairmen of the different sections
will be: administration, Dr. C. C.
Smith, assistant professor of edu—
cation; commerce, Mr. George M.
York, professor of commerce; cle-
mcninry principals and teachers, Mr.
Wultcr Lc Baron; home economics,
Miss Anna K. Barsam, assistant
proicssor in home economics; lan-
guage and library, Dr. Harry W.
Hastings. pi'oi‘cssr.vr of English;
nmthcmutics, Mr. Harry Birch-
cnough, professor of mathematics
and Miss Ann L. Cushing, assistant
supervisor in mathematics; science
and industrial arts, Dr. Carleton
Moose. assistant professor of science
and Dr. Harlan B. Raymond; social
studies, Miss Helen Halter, assistant
supervisor and professor in social
studies; tests and measurements, Dr.
Earl B. South, assistant professor
of education.

All conferences will be at 10
o'clock. The students of State col-
lege are invited to attend.

 

.. we. -

 

 

 

