 

Page 

Debaters to Have
'Panel Discussion

On Monday night the State college
debating squad, represented by Leo-
nard Friedlander, John Edge, Dun-
tan Tynan, and Joseph Leese, jun-
iors, will conduct a panel discussion
on the topic “The Constitution,” at
the Y. M. C. A. The discussion will
cover what a constitution is com-
posed of and what it should and
should not contain.

. The Debate Council also plans to
have twenty intercollegiate debates

Dramatics Class
To Present Plays

(Continued from page 1, column 1)
Mildred Hallock, Lorraine Smith,
Helen Blake, and Lorraine Theurer,
sophomores.

Chairman of the props committee
is Teresa Walsh, '40, assisted by Jack
Blackburn and Louise Smith, sopho-
mores. On the committee are: Lil-
lian Hines, ‘39; Mary Koonz. Mildred
Labrum, Jane Wilson, Betty Clark,
and Eleanor Groll, sophomores.

The group in charge of costumes
and makeup is headed by Mary
Arndt, ’40, assisted by Beulah Gif-
ford and Rita Sullivan, sophomores.
Also on the committee are: Madola
Warner, Eloise Hartmann, Elizabeth
Vertucci, Dorothy Posson, Florence
CurtiSs, Al Weiss and Barbara Van
Patten, sophomores.

 

Arthur Phibbs is chairman of the'

advertising committee, assisted by
Audrey Connor, '40, and Frances
Canaday, ’39. Members of the com-
mittee are: Jean Gosselin, ’39, and
Rose De Cotis, William Ryerson,
Doris Parizot, Frances Becker, and
Ruth Donnelly, sophomores.
. Dorothy Pritchard, '40, heads the
house committee assisted by Eleanor
Dibble and Ruby Stewart, sopho-
mores. The committee includes:
ean Mitchell, Ellen Pederson, Maria
enova, Anna-Lisa Swensson, Betty
Denmark, Jean De Fillipo and Marie
O'Meara, sophomores.
, As is usually the custom, members
of the Advanced Dramatics class are
assisting with the work of produc-
tion', acting in an advisory capacity
to the various committees.
Reserved seats will be seventy-five
cents. Regular fifty cent student
tickets may be turned in with

twenty-five cents for a reserved seat~

Seidel to Appear

As Guest Artist

(Continued from page 1, column 5/ l

V
a. 0, come and let its worship

Tchaikowsky ‘.
Caesar Franck ,

b, Psalm 150
The Choral Society

In regard to this master artist

Toscha Seidel, there is much to be
said about his very striking and in-
dividual personality, He has a short,
compact figure, with an all embrac-
sense of
humor, and eyes that reveal intelli-
Though he has done no com—
many
Asked
why he didn’t compose. Scldel re—
Thcre are so
many more beautiful things than I
could ever write yet to be played—~.
I am always working, seeking un-
known compositions, trying to find
out meanings in many works of my
repertoire, and in that I find happi-

ing sinlle, a delightful

gcncc.
posing, he has transcribed
compositions for the violin.

plied, “Why should I?

ncss.”

The committee f'or the concert iii-
clude: Miss Goldberg, general chair-
man; Dorothy Cain. '33, chairman of
arrangements; Betty Baker, tickets;|
Margaret Miittison, publicity; Lillian
sopho— '

Rivkind and Alice
mores, tryouts.

Brown.

  
 
  

   

(10'th
OPTIC IAN o

“Ea'lﬁllﬁrﬁﬁtl

.OMPlt it OPTKAL SEQVin

 

STATE? canines News; : jA‘N U‘ARY '- 14, 1938

and eighteen club and radio discus-
sions on the' coming constitutional
convention. The purpose of this is
to forward citizen education and in-
formation concerning the conven-
tion.

State will also participate in the
New York State Debate Conference
which will take place in the spring,
April 29-30, at Union college, Schen—
ectady, New York. The conference

stitutional convention,

 

l

l

l

 

LAwuaNua ’i‘iiiisu'i'r

  
 

PM U. \Vlll'i'iz‘MAN
Dennis 'I‘A Yl.()1i
PM 1]. DOUGLAS

 

will be in the form of a model con— -

ANDRE Kos'i'iszu'rz

In addition to this, State’s debate will take place before club audiences
squad is preparing to participate in in Albany. The organ
the intercollegiate debates on the which agreements will be made i
question: “Resolved that the Nat- clude the Rotary club, the National
ional Relations Board be empowered League of Women Voters, the Zonta
to enforce arbitration in all indus- club, the Monarch club, the Ex-
trial disputes." lchange club, the Womans club, the

This is the national forensic ques- American Association of University
tion that Pi Kappa Delta. national IWomen. and the Y. M. and the Y. W.
forensic honorary society, has decid- C. A.
ed upon for the coming year. State is also cooperating with

Whenever it is possible for dates other colleges in New York for the
purpose of“ arousing the interests and

 

 

i

lto match. the intercollegiate dates

    

S M rc.

ripe tohaccos . .

  

very cigarette
features something . . .

money can buy.
That '3 why C l! ester/ﬁeld ’s
mill/er better taste will
give you more pleasure.

educating the public in the discus-

fzations with sion of the public issues facing theme
n- in the constitutional convention.

 

 

GOING HOME?
Get Your Greyhound Bus Tickets
— at the —

COLLEGE PHARMACY

7 No. Lake Ave. One Block West

 

 

 

Chesterfield features the one
thing that r "ally
It all comes down to this:
Clicstcrficlds are made of mild

counts . . . plea-

. rolled in pure

cigarette pzipcr. . . the best that

(,upyligm 1951+, Limp-ii a Mrnus Town (.1) (’o,

 

 

.,.., .V c_,..... “'mm. a»

 

 

mun

 

 

Wnezﬁm-pw

State College

 

 :‘e W 5?

 

 

 

 

 

\'(il.. XXII, No. 1+

Pollor Club Clirisfoiis
xl Wooloy-lmirml Porp

Star boarder at 203 Ontario

State Sororities
  , since}: lthesle)  ISIElfll‘lld: ml):
“"0 l’lediesliinE     

dubbed by constant
companion and chum Bernie
Gaffney. '39, is a German White

 

l .
- ' ' . ‘ Poodle. Potter Clubbers quickly
102 Wolnen Jam sororities'i add that poodle doesn't mean
Chi Sigma The“ Leads dust mop. Fritz is as tall and
but a little shorter in overall

With 24 Pledges

One hundred and two women stu-l
dents were pledged to State college, and Bevel-Wyck park is nobility.
SOl'OI'lthS this \VCCk according I10 the Her pop. Ago von den  “VHS
announcement of Dean Helen Hall, a national champion Severn]
Moreland who supervised the formal; brothers and Sisters haw, copped
rushing. This announcement comcsl mugs and sum in New York
as a result of the three affairs heldl shows. Fritz-S falnily are Clipped
01’1 FCDI‘UﬂI‘y 3. 4. and 5, When the in the fashion of the French
upperclass members of sororities en— 1 poodle pictured in Lil-0' February
tertained members of the class of am.

1941 and new Sindents- ’ Physician-in-waitlng to the

The total list of one hundred and‘ poised perp is Dec Gleason, 
two pledges shows an increase of? Clipping Will be Uiidei‘ his dir-
tweiity over last year's total, with: ection. The all-white canine
seven upperclassmen and ninety-five. will be kept soby Gordie Rand,
freshmen receiving bids, Chi Sigma l '39. who came With Elfrida. Palsy
Theta heads the list with twenty-l Zubon dishes out the rations.
four pledges. Kappa Delta is secondl Potter pledges handle the exer-
with fifteen. closely followed by, ctse duties.

Gamma Kappa Phi with thirteen1

 pleat-s. V 'Brubaclier to Speak
The offic1al pledge list. as released In  

by the office of the dean of women.

length than a Collie.
The wooly haired. sheep-like
canine dominating the house

 

is as follows:
Eta l’lii: Dorothy North and Jean
Schaeffer. freshmen.
Kappa Delta: Dorothy
and Ruth Murray. juniors;
Saiitway. '40. and Louisa Ciiapiiiaii.l
Barbara Ferrec. Dorothy Johnson, f
Mary Grace chgett. Mary Miller”O
Grace Moon' D019”)? Peal,“ Loﬁgluhe extension to a five year pro-
Polven' Anne RFLFIB‘L Loill‘se,sne 'lgrain and its general implication to
Shlrley 1:00ka ,‘md Sh“ 10“ van the general college curriculum and
valkenbu’gh’ ilehlllnen‘ administration.“ At this time Dr.
1'“ Gamma: ijfl'ed 'JOIFES- '4olll31‘ilb21t'l1t’l' will attempt to clarify
Lydia Bond. Lena Drapalski. Jean- questions which haw been in the
“one Emm- Laura Fro-“i Alma ,student's mind since November when 1
Knowles. Vivian Livingston, Virginia 1 [he first newﬁ of a five year program
MCDCm‘OH' Mary Ann Sharplesv‘was given to the student body.
Marian Walker, and Betty Wessels, Dr" Brubachem address will be
“eminen- , the first official release of any in-
Chi Sigma The”: LUCY K111i; .405 formation concerning the new pro-
Rosemmi" BI'UCKH" Helm Clal'kev - gram given to the student body. The
Elizabeth Donahue. Beatrice Dower,,studem body has. however‘ heard

This morning‘s assembly will fea-
Cwueldsgture a discussion by Di. A. R. Biu-
.bacher, presrdent of the college. ac-
Rtitli .
cording to the announcement made
Warren 1. Densmore, president
the student association.
Dr. Brubachcr will speak about

|
Mildred Foley, Marilyn G10”. Jane many rumors which Will either bel
Mary affirmed or denied in this morning's}

Hoch.
column 2/ assembly.

Hanford, Katherine
'Conllniu-d lo pay/r 1,,

Junior Class Has Past Success

In Dances,   linathcmatics

By Rube” [1" "(Thug out effort. Knox climaxed our UJl-
Exucuv“ m“ 5"“‘11'5' 0”“ Sc“1951"”‘orgziiilzcd rivalry by agreeing f?) to
and one week ago today. three hun- .I-omgo regulation formal dress and;
(ll-“d gm“) freshmen LOOK upon wear an attire of burlap and lodlllt‘l
themselves the class color of green, ,0 Son“,

organized. and became "we, the class
of '39." Our first days under the
guidance oi' junior brothers and
sisters l'rom the class of 1937 were
gay Bill'Oll'CC ones. punctuated with
many a reception and party to fur-

ther "orientate" us to the way of
fable lo wrest from us.

college.
Then came the first awakening! _
_ . ‘  l i ll ‘ i;
Page after page of standardized tests1 mu“ _lftl‘l‘quat,  kl'mucu “‘5‘ a
Wore issued to us and We realizedlhuge “mum “hm b g0 w 13.3110“
‘ ' ’niid Maycock as co-chairinen ol the
affair; and to Mr. Jones anti Mr.

. As sophomores We followed the
lead oi' Edge and Ades. Rivalry was
‘just us paramount in our minds as
lduring the preceding year, but our
1past experience and superior powers
[lliutlc the class of 1940 fall easy vic~
'tims. Only three points were they

tllllt college life is not all play. When

 v H  ‘1 o r minds of . , .
Ailiiliillu'd“‘1eslhiiihﬂtloills. Wt: fouiilelllimz 1."l-,1l,w” “mend”! producuon
ourselves in the midst of ll li'cshliicni”I My“ ‘S‘J' ‘

schedule of iiuilliciiuitics. Eiigiisli.: AW” and 5.0”“?! This was our
language. hygiene, physical can”- first formal iuncuon and proudly
mm mm nib-Lory Classes. we point out its success. State stu-

Bt‘IWl'l'll study and “bull” sessions, singuﬁgg  U,‘,‘wﬁ'};‘”g‘h‘$§

we carried on fl. determined rivalry buigan "
wwxlllllz )(jﬁ-h‘lrituulluffi'ld   Then came September, 1937 and
turns 1 b _ ' ,we were “upperclassinen.” Actual
marched through such battles asjmum, Wmcmauon wub. supplanted
banner rivalry, sings, debates, push- m. m}. 1.01,, of uudvlsmﬂn m u new
ball, basketball, and mascot hunt. ﬁmmnuu Class.
Vl('l<’l'l’ 599mm "Gm" bl” 1" “an In December We took time out
Movingwup day 101' over-confidencei Hm“ doing “1'6 “mg ummm and,
led LUdUI'UaL. OUI‘ (ililifiiit‘lilH “3001‘” under the chuirnuuiship of Sand-
ed the decision for the step sing lilid 1,0,ng conducted another “lemma-u!
thereby also won the rivalry. class banquet,

During the mascot hunt we had Now at last, we have come to that
opportunity to explore the unknown climatic lime in the social life of
and haunted corners of the State cvory college student—Junior Week-
college buildings, even though the no. Tonight, the Prom~with
nuiscot evaded Siinond's searching Jiaudc Hopkins; tomorrow, the tea
fingers. In pushball, We proved our daiiccwwith Gordie Randall.
superior strength ovor the '38ers and TWO more big suecesses for the
won both encounters, but not with- Class of 1939!!

 

 

 

Sin-ma CULIJCCE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., [Viciuuzutr ii, 1938

 

Tea Dan;:Will “Culminate
Week-end Festivities
Of Junior Class

RANDALL WILL PLAY

Maycock Heads Committees;
Faculty Wives to Pour
At Social Event
The wind—up of a gala week-end
will be the informal Junior Tea
Dance. For those “Promsters” who
lsfill have rhythmical urge, they will
iave a chance to dance further to-
morrow afternoon from 2:00 to 5:00
o‘clock in the Ingle room of the
Alumni Residence halls. according
to Joyce Maycock. '39. general chair-

man.

Gordie Randall and his N. B. C.
orchestra will furnish the music.
Randall may be heard over W.G.Y.
in the popular program "Name Your
Number" every Monday night at
10:30. The assessment for the tea
dance is $1.50.

A new style, set by last year's
Junior class. when the women wore
short dresses in place of the trad~
iiional long gowns. will be followed
again this year.

Dr. A. R. Brubachei'. president of
the college. and Mrs. Brubacher; Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, dean of the col-

 

lege. and Mrs. Nelson: Mr. York,
professor of commerce. and Mrs.

York; and Dr. Walker, professor of
economics. and Mrs. Walker will act
as chaperoncs.

plll'ﬂLIOHS i'or the tea dance are the
following committees: arrangements,
Kay Adams; orchestra. Charles
Franklin: programs, Helen Prusik:
flowers and taxis. Frances Canaday;
and refreshments, Freida Kurkhill.

Bureau Releases
First Positions

The appointment bureau announ-
ces that the following students have
secured positions: Jean DiBlasi, '36,
Berlin Central School, commerce;
Borden Suydan. ‘37, Schenectady,
and science; Irwin
lSlinger, '37, Castleton, commerce;
Helen Murphy, '37, Pine Bush. com-
merce and mathematics; Rosetta
Ashwurth '31, St. Faith's, Saratoga
Springs, mathematics; Carol Myers,
'37, Canajoharie, social studies; Ada
Kiiuppel. ‘37. Greene, Latin and
French; Carmela Di Gioia '36,
Gloversville, c o m m e r c e; William
Hoole, ‘37. Surrecy, Georgia, social
studies.

Helen Snyder, '33, Massena, com—
merce; Eleanor LaGrua, '38, Relis-
selacrvillc. commerce and mathe-
matics; Mildred Grover, ’38, Cox-
sackie. library; Helen Knapp, '38,
Coblcskill, mathematics and civics;
Charles Clowe. ’35, Painted Post,
principal of grammar school; Elena
Gliottone, '38. Tivoll, commerce;
George Gleason, ’37, Albany High
School. English; Marjorie Bulkelcy,
’38, West Winfield, library and dra—
matics; Lois Bui'gliorf, ’32, West
Winfield, social studies; Helen Mc—
Gowan, '3'1, Mori'isoiiville, social
studies; Karl Bohrcr, '38, Painted
Post, commerce.

 

 

Cub Classes Resume
Monday and Tuesday

The regular weekly cub classes for
freshmen tryouts for the editorial
staff of the State College News,
which are u continuation from last
semester, will start again next week.

Students who wish to start should
be present. at the first meeting of
either section, which will be conduct-
ed in room 111 of Draper hall at
12:00 o'clock.

The Monday class will be taught
by Charles Walsh, '39, associate
editor of the News, and the Tues-
day class by Jean Strong, '39, assoc-
iate managing editor of the News.

Assisting Miss Maycock iii the pre- '

$2.<m l’ian Yank, 32 \VEEKLY issues.

Junior Weekend to Reopen Social Season
Featuring Prom, Luncheon and Tea Dance

0

 

é _—
‘w Claude Hopkins’ Famed Band
PROM CHAIPMAN Will Furnish Rhythm

‘ At Aurania Club
1 ADES HEADS WEEKEND

. ,- .. W

 

 

 

; Coronation of Prom Queen
Will Climax Evening
Of Festivity

Tonight the juniors and their
guests commence a gay weekend of
fun and festivity as they dance to

' the music of Claude Hopkins and
his orchestra at the Junior Prom in

o‘clock, according to Christine Ades,
general chairman.

Bids will be on sale until 4:00
o'clock in room X this afternoon,
and at the Aurania club tonight.
They are $3.75. Blanket bids cover-
ing the entire weekend can be se-
cured for $5.50.

The climax of the evening will be
reached at midnight when the iden-
N _  “mu” M ___ , tity of the Prom Queen will be re-

vealed at her coronation. Following

Christine Ades, vice president of the ceremonies a grand march will
the junior class, who is general!take place led by Gordon Tabner'

lclass treasurer, and his guest. House
lrules will allow a late leave until
’3:00 o’clock.

The Queen, whose identity has
:been kept secret, has already been
chosen by the junior class and will

0
Juniors to Have
tbei one oft the following: Christine
‘A ‘. B t V H f -
Annual Luncheon   aspirant“ as.

 

 

chairman of the junior week-end.

Sandberg.

The chaperones for the Prom will
be: Dr, Robert Rienow. instructor in
government, and Mrs. Rienow; Dr.
‘William Salisbury, instructor in soc-
jial studies. and Mrs. Salisbury; and
Mr. Paul Bulger, secretary of the

Tomorrow noon from 12:30 to 1:45 appointment Bureau.
o'clock the Junior class will conduct Faculty guests will be: Dr. and
the Junior Luncheon, one of the,Mi's. A, R. Bi'ubachcr; Dr. and Mrs.
ithree principal functions of JuliioriMiltOIi G. Nelson; Miss Helen Hall
Weekend. at the Ten Eyck hotel. Moreland, dean of women; and Mr.
according to Richard Lonsdale, gen- and Mrs. William G. Hardy.
ernl chairman. Dr. Earl J. Dorwaldt. The committees arranging for the
instructor in hygiene and Mr. Wil— affair are: orchestra. William Tor-
liuin Hardy. instructor in English, rens. chairman; arrangements,
will be the speakers. Joseph Muggleton; decorations, Vir-

The guest list includes: Dr. Abramiginia Hall, chairman, Ruth Lewis,
R. Brubacher. president; Miss Helen ‘ Ray Walters. Neil Fogarty, Joan
H. Moreland. dean of women; Betty . Byron, and Marion Mlnst; arrange-

Affair to Be at Ten Eyck;
Dorwaldt and Hardy
To Be Speakers

 

 

Appeldoorn and John O’Brien,,inenls for queen. Virginia Bolton,
seniors, class guardians and mom-,ohah'man, Kay Maloney. Janet
bers of Myskania. Wullschlager. and Virginia Furey,

Lonsdale is aided by the following chaperones, Marion Rockefeller; in-
committee: Roland Waterman, ar- ‘ vitati‘ons and bids, Aime Kalichman,
rangements; J. Edmore Melanson, chairman, Phyllis Arnold, Beatrice

 

 

speakers; and Victoria Bilzi, decor- ;Koblenz, and Dick Ribner; floor and

aliens. I ‘door. Bernard Gaffney and Joseph
Only juniors and their guests may ‘ Bosley. co-chairmen.

ﬂueml- TleetS are one donar- .‘lCoiiliiiucd to page 5, column L/

Hopkins, Harlem Swing Pianist,
Directs Junior Prom Orchestra

By Charles Walsh ®  - > -- ' e 7- 
Louis Armstrong picks mm out as :numerous occasions at the Princeton
the outstanding swing pianist in the 2 Junior Pmm' “‘9 Lemgh senior Ba“:
country. He has been a Syn”)1,0,,y:tlic Dartmouth Freshman Hop, at
conductor, member of a jazz balld,iW1111mns' Yule: BOWdomv 805W“
football player, baseball player, track 'Conege' and Penn State
star, composer, and an arranger of Before starting his current tour,
no little distinction. Who? Why,,he played for an entire season from
Claude Hopkins, maestro for tliellie Cotton Club. having one of the
1931) Prom tonight. longest engagements of any colored
Strange as it may seem, Hopkins,Ul'l'llffstl'ﬂ. at any night club. He was
started his reputation abroad. Hcilit'ui'd 0“ the all". being llie only
and his band starred iii a Paris‘lﬁilltl to broadcast from Harlem.
revue. and when the engagement Among [he maestro's latest com-
was over, he toured Europe, playing ‘positions are “Mississippi River" and
at many famous theaters and also 'Har1em Serenade," the song he
at a comiiutnti performance for the‘wrote as a theme for his studio sus-
lute King Albert. ,‘taining program. And by far his
Returning to this country, he im- Tmost popular song is "I Would Do
iiiediatcly was featured in the musl- lAiiything For You," which has come
cal show, “Ginger Snaps," and thenllo be his theme song. It is often
toured with the same company. ilioliilcd by authorities as being re-
Finally, he settled down to a routine lsponsible for the revival of swing.
of broadcasts and ballroom assign-l We don't expect that swing will
merits. drove to be revived up at the Au:—
For several years he was an almost ania tonight, but if you're a devotee
permanent feature at the Roseland, oi the “killer—diller" school of music,
New York's finest ballroom, leaving you won’t want to miss Claude Hep-
only for short tours and college (211— kins and his boys swinging it for
gageiiients. He has been heard on 1939.

V ‘ the Aurania club from 10:00 to 2:00'

4.1.111...

ca

- ‘2 w — -:«_-1wvi.-x:‘::‘i

 

