 

 

Page 4

col Formal
To Be Tomorrow

(Continued  page 1, column 3)
and Paul,_di'iittan, '41; Doris Dy-
lert and ROBE-t Patton, '41; Barbara
Ferree and Karl Keppler, Union;
Mary Grace Leggett and Alfred
Parker, '40; Madeline Hunt and
Thomas Laverne, ’39.

Lola Glenar and Bud Newell,
REL; Virginia Davis and Albert
Doxsey, R.P.I.; Maria Tripp and
Matthew Gadziala, ’41; Roberta Wil-

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, DECEMBER 2, I938

Men Players Revive
0|Il Temperance Play

(Continued from page 1, column 1/
still more numerous tears, three
foul murders, and three gloriously
staged ﬁghts will be provided.
The play will be presented in three
acts and eleven scenes with a ten
minute intermission between acts II
and III. The original manuscript
will be in no way abridged and as a
result, the uplifting revival is ex-
pected to require at least two hours.
All the feminine parts will be por-
trayer by males but it is not believed

 

Red Cross Campaign
Neta $135 This Year

Last week's three-day campaign
for the sale of Red Cross buttons
proved a most successful one. A
total sum of $135.91 on netted,
showing an increase over last year's
collection of $125.00.

Marion Rockefeller, '39, chairman
of the campaign, wishes to thank
all those participating in the drive.

lnl'llatlon to Follow
Chemlatry Club Dlnner
On Tuesday the Chemistry club
will have its annual banquet in the
college cafeteria. This banquet will be
followed by the formal initiation of
six freshmen and thirty-five upper-
classmen. All members and candi-
date must sign up for the banquet on
the Chem club bulletin board beforel
Monday.

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop

Dial s-l'ols

 

The Opening of the New

Obenaus Studio

Announcing

Harmanus Bleeker Hall Bldg.
161 Washington Ave.

With a Special 30-Day Offer
for One Art Sketch Portrait

 

 

 

. $ 0. doz. 5 le
_ Boulevard Cafeteria ON; :OR $100

and Grill

hem] and Raymond Grlgor' Wilkes that this Will lnar the perform-
Barre, Pa.; Victoria Woiciek and Ed- ances- -

mond Kokalas, Johnson City; Alene "‘ ‘**‘
Cromie and John Arthur, R.P.I.;
Florence Halsey and Edwin Scholz.
R.P.I.; Dorothy Johnson and Eugene

 

 

 

 

Bernice Beauty Shoppe

Beauty Culture In A" "3 Agency Prints at $2.00 per doz.

Half rates on other style photos

 

 

Halsey, R.P.I.; Frances Riani and Branches
and an extra lar e ortrait l -
W3“: 5‘0“: ﬁrﬁr’gacy' REASONABLE l-lles eluded with ordegrs Ila $5.00 llr
es men' a" "6 mmtem and 800 Madison Ave. 2-0431 198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY N Y "V"-

Leonard Kowalsky. ’40; Frances
Shapley and Robert Murphy. Union,l

vou BAN /

 

 

 

(2 Doors Above Quail)

 

 

 

 

 

/ N IIIIs coMBINAIIoN

ogcthcr they
make the United States
admired and respected
the whole world over

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

And for the things you want
in a cigarette you can depend on
the happy combination of mild
ripc tobaccos in Chesterfield.

Each type of Chesterﬁeld tobacco
is outstanding for some ﬁne quality
that makes smoking more pleasure.

Combined. . .hlcudcd together
the Chesterﬁeld way. . . they give
you more pl *asurc than any
cigarette you over smoked. -

0n land and sea and in the
air . . . wherever .s'lllokinl,i is en-
joyed . L . Chas/cl: ic/d 's wildness
and better taste satisfy millions.

 

 

 

  
  

Copyright [938, 1.1mm I'l’ a: Mr!“ Tom“ H) CO.

 

...thch

«ea-5%

criield

lend that can ’t be copied
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the

world ’s best cigarette tokaccos

 

State Colle

cool e

ge

 

l--)
til.

 

2-443

State to Clash

ln Annual

Last Year’s Games Reveal
Trojan Team Easy Prey
to Owl Quintet

To PLAYDN TROY COURT

Freshman Quintet to Meet
with Trojan Yearlings
in Preliminaries

 

Tomorrow night a rivalry that be-

gan way back in 1916 will come to '

a head again when Rensselaer Poly—
technic Institute of Troy sends its
varsity squad against State on the
Engineer’s new court.

The court rivalry between State 

and R.P.I. did not run steadily

through the years for there was a ‘
long break in basketball relations '
between 1921 and 1935. However, it ‘
runs just as strongly and deeply. :

Separated by a mere few miles,
State and R.P.I. men have been at
dagger points over everything from
basketball to sorority dates.

Last year the squads met in two
bitter struggles. In the first, the
Engineers caught State on a hot
evening and succumbed to the tulle
of 30-28, R.P.I. came to State for

the second encounter conﬁdent of R

victory, because State had lost ﬁve
straight games. However, our squad
had a tremendous reversal of form
and swept the Trojans from the
court with a terrific barrage of
points that notth a total of fifty-
seven counts to twonty-cight for
R.P.I.
R.P.I. Loses Veterans

From the outfit that dropped two
to our lads last year. Ward and
Alllcfeld have been taken by gradu-
ation. These two lncn will be sore-
ly missed. but Coach Ed Donald has
six lettcrmcn returning to form the
nucleus of this year's squad, In-
cludle among these players is Chris
Fazioli, a speedy and reliable mall
who will lead the Engineers on the
court. F‘Ilzioli was u thorn in Slate's

side last year and is the man to “"0 ‘15 {CHOW-‘3 lﬂ'ODS 011d SOLS. JOS- Kau‘m" BMW“ '41; and with Mokeelu
watch tomorrow. Ludko. Preston. {‘31)}; WUIUEH‘P; ﬁl‘giﬁsladgiﬂl Pm
Scllolz I-lcnr , and Lomas comilcte ' CS~ ‘ "a I ' H S g' . u . .. .

’ y The malt 0,. Eleanor Gm”, house, Mary Kean,“ Hclcn Lowry, .39, entextailllncnt,

the list of Troy vols.

the squad will be composed of Car— junior”-

lllliil, Coleman, Knucbcl, Lomus,
Mueller, Nudlcr, Nagcnt,

Wiuklcl‘. and Zirkuly. Seven 01' these 1:001“le by Tllel'CSﬂ Will-9“. '40. T1“?
stalwarts have reached the six-foot “’“m‘mli

S’I‘A'l‘l“. Col,I.EoE rou TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1938

with R. P. l.

Sororities to Have l

Yule Festivities

  State wom Parties;

Will Have Late Hours
for Celebration

VARSITY CAPTAIN 

 

Thursday evening, December 15,
will be a gala one when the sorori-
ties nnd women's group houses of
‘State college have their annual par—
ties in celebration of the coming’
Christmas holiday. In keeping with
‘the holiday mood. all girls can go tol
{the different house parties until,
I2:00 o‘clock. However, all men are[
to leave the group houses at 12:00
o'clock.

The various sororities and group
houses have completed all plans for
the parties. The committees for
‘the affairs are:

Psi Gamma: general chairmen,
Jeannette Evans and Virginia Mc-
Derlnott, sophomores.

Phi Lambda: entertainment, Mil-
dred Labrum, '40, and Mildred
Leach, '39; refreshments, Betty

 

 

Hardie, ’40, and Betty Hulka, ’39;
clean-up, Mabel Farrell, and Jean-
nette Lawson, seniors.

Kappa Delta: general chairman,
Norma Wells, ’40; food, Ellen Best,
'40; arrangements, Mary Grace Leg-
gett, ’41, Vic, Helen Dunning, ’39.

Pl Alpha Tau: general chairman,

Duke Hersh, '39, captain of basket- Eve Bm1eck, '40; food, Cecile Pock-
ball, who will lead State’s Owls in “355' .40; entertainment. Beatrice
tonight's traditional encounter with Koblcnz’ ’39; music_ Anne Kauch_

-P-I- man, '39; clean-up, Sylvia Green-
blatt, ’41.

Sigma Alpha: general chairmen,

Advanced pramatws Madeline Block, ‘40, and Marion

Ayottc, '41; decorations, Marie

   Southard, '41; refreshments, Betty

Buncc and Mary Pasko, juniors;

clean-up, Helen Pitman. Florence

Reddish, and Adeline Kadgis. sopho-
__.____ mores.

Advanced dramatics will present Bem Zetﬂi f00d (TOY V10 BMW).
the last in this year's series of plays BCLW Sherwood. '39. lmd Betty BC-
Tuosday evening at 8:15 o'clock in Cl‘ﬂft. '40: f00d “01' SOI‘OI‘HY lJBI'W
page 11,,“ auditorium following), Miss Sherwood, and

The first play is to be a fantasy 5111?le Myer-S. '41: decorations,

 

 

DeCotis and Walsh to Direct
Fantasy, English Comedy

 

directed by Rose DeCoLis. '40. The Shirley Myers and Dorothy Mix,

cast 01' characters includes: Ray WthOmOI‘O-‘S-

Wallcrs' '39_ Betty Gnu-k, Ruth Don- Alpha Rho: decorations, Agusta

llclly, and Lorraine Thcurer, juniors. 8111111101111. '39; l‘efl'CShment-S. P11110-
Commmees 1'0]- Miss DcCous' may menu fannotti, ‘40; entertainment,

 

‘39; cllapcroncs, Kay O'Brien. ‘39.

 

[YOIE’XXHL No. IO

1

Greeks to Rush freihnen

f.



During Weekend Pro”  am

 

‘9
Student Body To Hear 'Sororities Will

Rabbi Bernstein Today

Today's assembly will feature
Rabbi Philip Bernstein, pastor
of the Temple B'rith Kodesh
in Rochester. He will speak to
the student body on the implica-
tions of peace for the student of
today.

Rabbi Bernstein is quite an
authority on current affairs and
is very prominent in Jewish cir-
cles in Rochester. Those stu-
dents who attended the Silver
Bay conference last summer
heard him when he led a dis-
cussion group there.

Yesterday afternoon Rabbi
Bernstein addressed the Student
Christian association on “The
Jewish-Christian Heritage." The
round table discussion which fol-
lowed proved very interesting
and educational.

In next week's assembly pro-
gram the State college chorus
will present a selection of Christ-
mas carols,

 

Kappa Phi Kappa
To Have—Roundup

Five School Administrators
to Conduct Discussion
at Annual Parley

The second annual roundup of
Kappa Phi Kappa, national educa-
tional fraternity, is to be conducted
tonight at 8:00 o'clock in the Com-
mons of Hawley hall.

The roundup is a get-together
meeting of the forty undergraduate

 

lnaugurate
New Rushing Period
Beginning Tonight

METZGER lS CHAIRMAN

Silent Period Will Follow
Tea Dance on Sunday;
Ends Wednesday

Beginning this evening at 6:00
o'clock, Intersorority council will ef-
fect its new formal rush period to
last until Wednesday at 5:30 o'clock
at which time a number of fresh-
men women will be pledged to the
various sororities.

The program for the weekend will
begin with an informal buffet sup-
per which will Iast from 6:00 until
8:00 o’clock tonight, at which time
all freshmen women will leave the
house promptly.

Formal Dinner

Tomorrow night will be the formal
dinner, the most important affair of
the rush period. Sorority women
will call for the freshmen at their
group houses or homes and bring
them to the sorority house. Com-
muters are requested to remain in
town that evening and to inform
the sorority, whose dinner they are
attending, where they may be found.
The dinner and program for the
evening will last from 7:00 until
12:00 o'clock at which time freshmen
must be back at their group houses.
The freshmen women will be pre-
sented with corsages and favors at
this party.

On Sunday afternoon from 3:00
until 5:00- o'clock the sororities will
have their ﬁnal affair, a tea dance.
At 5:00 o'clock, when freshmen leave
the sorority house. the silent period
will begin. Sorority girls are not to
speak or communicate with fresh-
men except by formal bid until Wed-

 

members of the fraternity and the
various graduate members in the
capital district. Last year, this re-
union fcatured a panel discussion
among five school officials. This was

 

Della: general chairman.
Harrlcl. Davis, '41; music, Bernice
Tm. second prugunlnliun is [m Llunborton '30; refreshments, Alma

Wickoy English war comedy It will be (11- smith. '40-

Gamlna Kappa Phi: faculty pros-
mmm-lm. mp “151,; plus, Joyce Maycock and Muriel

mark so that [he squad will have M“”' Ammo Lm‘ls ka' “ml Rlmy ery' semm's‘ A buffet Slipper wm

plenty of altitude.

isn‘t making any predictions alter ('3'-

iusl. yror‘s Lroulu-iugs bul. ho fools

C(llllfll Donald Slvwol'l. Juniors. and Frank Lussi- Wk“ Hi“ 1”“(313 0f ‘1 I'Cglllll" l’m'l-V-

'41, Alpha Epsilon Phi: gcncral chair-
TIH. {Opowpm Wm "55“ Misslman, l-lrnrlclln GIld, ‘41; entertain-

, , l . . v . . .' ' .. ,~ l‘l , i-lcl'th' H lbl"ccll. ‘39: '-
“mL ms 5mm“ ,5 mm”, and wuHWulsll In llu pIoIluIllonol li(.l play. 1“ W H“ ‘1 n l 10

gch titulo u lullllhy struggle.
Slate Loses One Man

To offset lilo Engineers, Coach
linlllclll has a squad Wl‘lllit‘lil'fl by
the loss of but one Imul from last
year's ll‘lllll. The boys also have
llll: advantage of the experience
gained from lllhl wuck's Alumni
game. The men who finished that
gmuc will probably thl<v the floor to

If'ollliulll'l/ on pug/c .f, column .ll

Debaters-to Convene
At Saraloga Parley

Dobull-rs from [.lll'l‘l' vlclnlly col-
leges will couvom: on Wednesday
night ill 0:00 o'clock lll Sul'ulogu
Springs In dist-um. "pump priming."
'i‘hc luccluu'. is lo he conducted at.
Skulluol‘l- college and l'l'lll‘lllilllllllllVl‘H
l’rom Slulc, llulou, ond Skldmoro
(1111on Will ullrlul.

'l‘ho discussion is to coutcr around
the l'l'l-(illllllllli “ltosolvcd, lllul. the
federal government should rouse to
thin public funds l'rr lilo purpose of
stimulullug business." lIlcononllcs
professors from ouch of tho collcgcs
will lecture on lilo subjch luul thou
be subjected to periods ol' hll'orllull
questioning by tho incllllu‘l‘s ol‘ the
various (lobuto squads which are to
attend. Representing State college at
this forum will be Mr. Album A,
Wulkor, professor ol‘ coonolllics and
sociology.

.Hdwrmmg. m,“ pummel, v39; Mqu~ l'roslmu-uls, Lillian Rivklnd, '40.

Louis li‘rluch-lio, costumes, Eleanor Chi 51811111 'I‘lmlﬂf lil‘lll‘l'lll chair-
. . " It - h ‘ '1 r " - -

(lroll and June WIlsou. and house, “M”. WNW” MLCIIUBW. J9. 01-
ltitu Sullivan, uulors. Minn/(nun! olI mgr I, column II
I I I

Marriage Discussion Meetings
Entertain, Educate Students

Look out bolowil All uvulnucluﬂhnw provlld gnu-“mgr ,0 my me
is [lilting State college! For the must,
post luoulll. Mlll’l'llll;l', commission ol dutcmmu.” young “my Wm, swore
S-C-A- “115 lll‘llll hllflllﬁfll'lllﬂ ll 501105 she'd Iu‘Vcl' marry u mun who dlzill’t
of discussions lllllli‘ Lounge of lllcll- “my “(My bymgpp

 

so successful that fl. similar discus-
sion has been planned for tonight's
program.

Five school administrators, all
Kappa Phi Kappa members, will dis-
cuss this question: "Whnl. should ll.
Kappa Phi Kappa member know in
order to make his first year in the
teaching field a success?" The sec-
ondary school officials who are to
take part in this (llscussi n follow:
Lu Vul'ilo Corr, principal, Red Hook
high school; Raymond Collins, prin-
cipal, Wuppingcr Falls high school;
Harold French, district superinten-
dent of schools, Loudonville; F.
Edward Thomson. principal, Borne
control school; and Clyde Slocum,
principal, Coblesklll control school.
After these speakers have concluded,
the topic will be thrashed out in i1
bull session.

During the Illocling, copies of the

What, do you mink 01- me lrutcrnllys recently prepared hand-

i

0,. “1,, sweet and ucllvlly of Kllppu Pill Kuppu.

book will be distributcd. This llllli(l-
book outlines the purpose, history

urdsou llllll. Wllul? Don‘t toll lls “mm,” (“mm who WWW, ,,,,,g It was Compiled by ulcommillcc un—
wuvw 1,0,.“ Hugging Hm”! “(m-l 1],.” hm,“ “wing. and “WWW”, Spoiled (ll‘l' tho supolvlslon of Michael Wul—

us lhol you, l'ulurc uuimnms qul “H “1,. bumpy (,l' [OW-g
poppus of louulrl'ow'l. Hl‘lil‘l'llllllll, ,,|,l,,-,.,.m[(.d Wu“ ,1 cpl-mm

..  . ko, '39, Ho Wlls assisted by; Gan-g0
lusplllully
mun- Allll'Ui. llll(l Wllllillll Sivors, some“

- '1 ‘ u ~ l- u- "~ l
have lwrn Inmllnc no this column uboul-lown's cluulid opinion that ill ""“l’l‘ ("‘l’lm‘m' 11”” " 1"““k‘lv

qugluliocul (llllilll‘lllllilj' to lurlhor
WHI' I‘lllll'llllmll kissing ll girl goodnight has come

'l‘hoso pol'lcys. somollmcs lukhu; to ho considered no more unusual
llll‘ form of l‘llculty—supcrvlsl-d Ills- llillll shaking hands. W()\V-~Wllul,
cushions or bollcr ,H't, sludcul bull l'un he must have in a receiving
.‘u‘sslolls, have certainly never i'ullcd liuol

to arouse tlio lulcrl-sl umi enthusi-
nsnl of l.-voryolu~ lucky enough to l)l
prom-Ill. 'l‘hc qucsllons settled, or
III ll‘illil thoroughly (ll'llllll‘fl upon ut
the llll‘I‘llll'ii, hch been on such
llllrigulug subjects as how to choose
your lwlloi‘ hulf, lho ollrocr woman
s, lilo homcbody, lilo bosl, coul—
porulivc uch for boy and girl. the
lulvmllllgcs luld (llslulvuutogos of
"going steady," l.lll' hurm potting call
or can't (id—«noel! Wu go on?

In lilo heat of some of the ar-
gulncllts, sovcrul opinions unearthed

<

 

 

 

 

 

Mnrl'logc commission has proved an
l-xll'cluoly entertaining as well as
cduculionul feature of S.C.A.'s cur—
riculu. .lusl lhillk of all lllc volu—
ublo information our lllds luld
lussios arc sloriug up, all llll‘ estab-
lislu‘d ideas that are being blasted.
uud all the lives whosc very courses
quy be lhus cluulgcdl Come to the
next meeting and sec for yourselves,
yousu guys and gals who signed up
for the commission on activities day
and still haven't trucked on down
to the Lounge.

 

[his duy llllll ago he bollch that Su‘lwun Smuh' mm Dmlwm Vlm‘

Kcuron, juniors.

’l‘lu- l'l‘lllllllll will be in charge ol‘
the president. I..Ilwrrurc Straitnor,
'30. Thomas La Verne, '39, is gen-
eral chairman of tho affair and his
ussociulm includo: lullllcogroph, Wil—
llmu Sivrrs, '30; url'ullgclllcnls and
rcl‘rl-slum-uIs, .lumcs Spruce, '39;
correspondI-llrc, Curol Lchlnlul, '30;
and olltcrluiulucni, Charles Shul'ol',
"0.

Ca.

To Conduct Yule Party

The Spanish club will hold its
annual Christmas party on Monday,
December lit, at 7:30 o'clock. The
program will consist of games, re-
freshments, and
Everybody is welcome.

nesday at 5:30 o'clock at which time
sororities will hold a pledge supper
and party i'or the freshlllen who
have joined.
Bidding Procedure

On Monday morning, before noon,
freshmen are to fill in their prefer-
once blanks ill the manner pre-
scribed last week Ill. their meeting
with Miss Helen Hall Moreland.
dean of students, and Mary Agnes
Mctzger, ’39, president of llllersor-
orl'ty council, At the some time
the scioritics are to hand in their
list of freshmen desired. The (icon
will compare sorority lists and
l'rcshnu'n blanks. At 5:00 o‘clock that
(Coll/(llurd olI pay/c .9, column 1,)

State to PTavThst
To Hi-Y Conference

’I‘omorrow morning at 9:45 o'clock
the Hi-Y Lclldcrs' Training confer-
lll(,‘l‘ \vlll convene ill the Lounge of
Richardson hall. This one-day con—
forcnco for college and normal
school juniors who are preparing
.to teach lll high schools is spell—
,sorcd by the Student Christian
‘MoVI-Iucut in New York ninth in co-
operation with the lIi-Y clubs.

f The conference will open ill our
Il.ouugc. lll which limo. four speakers

 

 

 

,will address the group on tho vari-
,‘ous aspects of the Iii-Y clubs.
lLuuclu‘on ill the Ten Bl‘lll'i'li l‘l?blllll~
‘ruul. will follow 111 12:30 o'clock and
Dr. James Ellcnwood of New York
city Will be the speaker The group
will then utlond liu- general session
and ('Ollllllllll‘l' llll‘l‘lliillh ol lilo iii—Y
assembly in the whole and assembly
cluunbcrs of this Cupilol. At 4:00
o‘clock the final srssion \vill l)l' culled
ill Page hull and the conference will
be addressed by Mr. Robert if.
Smith on “I'll-Y Clubs and the
Community."

Each person attending the con-
ference will be expected to pay a
registration fee of seventy-me cents,

entertainment. Further inforllultion may be ob-

tallied from Marie Metz, '40.

 

