  

 

 

Page 2 .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postoffice

 

IIPIIOINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

I I l I
Nationalfldvertmng Semce,lne.
Cal/cu Pub/Islam Repreumarlm
420 MADISON Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CNICAOO - BOBTOI - L05 ANGILII 0 BAR FRANCIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHIE WOLZOK . _ . . . . . . . . . .. Editor-in-Chiel
DAVID B. SMITH  Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Henrwm   Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O'Hom  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN Srnouo ........ ..  Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NIGIITINGALE  Business Manager
CHARLES W. vacono .... .. Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BILZI .. .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan ........ .. ......Men’s Sports Editor
Charles Franklin .. ...Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark . . . , , Women’s Sports Editor
Sophomore Desk Editors

Robert Cogger Saul Greenwald Otto J. HOWe
Leonard Kowalsky David Minsberg Sally Young

Associate Editors
Ramona Van Wie Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron
Business Staff
Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth Haser, Harold
Haynes, Robert Cogger, John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprngue
Reporters

Betty Bunce, Giacinta Capuana, Margaret Collins,
Virginia Elson, Eloise Hartmann, Charles Kelly,
Hilda Kronovit. Edmore Melanson, Thelma Miller,
Bernice Mosbey, Arthur Phibbs, Louis Rickman, Elga
Schiavi, George Stangler, Barbara Van Patten,

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

Better Than Average

We were skimming through the new
catalogue today in a frantic search for a
two hour course, when we came upon a
paragraph that warmed the cockles of our
educational heart. The administration has
decided to base the freshman admissions
upon a personal interview as well as the
usual scholastic requirements.

We cannot help but feel that this is a
step towards generally improving the cali-
bre of the student body and the quality of
outgoing teachers. It has always been a
pet peeve of ours that the personality of the
prospective teacher has been subordinated
to the grades he receivod in high school.

Admittedly the student who made
honors in secondary school will be a good
student, but we refuse to believe that this
academic average necessarily makes him
an outstanding or an interesting teacher.

We expect great things of the class of
.1042, because We expect it to be superior
in many respects to the classes that have
preceded it, and we raise a shout l'or the
opportunity now being given the superior
person rather than the superior student.

We Are Inspected

'l‘oday State college will lIc,iIIv:Idc(l.
it is not the l‘lIincsc, .lapancsc, (icrman,
or any ollIci' foreign IIIcIIacc, bu! at up-
proxinmfcly fivc-lhiI'ly o’clock, a bus will
aI'I'ivc ill from of lirapcr hall, and scvcra!
dchn pf’ospcclfyc collcgc stillichls will
cI’IIoI'gc. 'l'lIcy arc coming from down-slate
high schools, and Slain college is oIIc slop in
the weekend low that will llll‘iLilll' a lllIZl'l!
collcgcs throughout lhc state.

We are glad that the freshmcII-to—bi- are
looking us och'. in the first place We like
to ho illlflUIlcll in the group of schools com—
prising the four, (,‘of‘ncll, Sy ammo, and
other leading colleges and universities. liut
what is more important, we are glad that
high school students are sufficiently inter-
ested in a tcachcrs' college and the teaching
profession to pay us a visit.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY .3, 1938

 

Elections and Clocks

COMMENTSTATER

May is the month of flowers. It is also the month
of elections. Therefore this seems to us to be a suit-
able time to comment a bit upon student activities.
Everyone likes to hold office and bathe in the prestige
that accompanies the office. But remember also that
more than honor results from any office. There is also
the matter of time that must be spent to fulfill the
duties of that job.

College is primarily for the purpose of receiving
an academic education. Studies should be the first
consideration of every student in planning a program
for the year. We admit that the modern high school
teacher should have experience in extra class activ-
ities in order to prepare for acting as an advisor to
some club or organization after entrance into the
teaching field. But there must be a limit to such ac-
tivities while at college.

To be sure, point system seeks to regulate the extra
work which any one student can assume, but not all
offices come under the point system. It is for each
individual to decide for himself what is a safe burden
of extra class work to carry,

We submit a word of warning—watch your class
work and marks. Be sure you are both physically and
mentally able to assume the extra hours required of
student activities. Classes first—Extra class affairs
second! v. t a s .

Ever since arriving at State college we have be-
moaned the lack of clocks. It isn't that We mind the
wear and tear on our watches, it’s just that We feel
sorry for those who don’t possess watches.

Of course one can always wait for the bell to ring
—but suppose one has an appointment set at some
time during the hour?

We suggest that the authorities grant permission
for the installation of at least four clocks. One in the
Commons to aid those students who ordinarily have
to dash up to the library to see what time it is. A
second one near the student mail box where corridor
traffic is heaviest. A third one in the activities office
where more people than are wanted hang out. And
the fourth one should be installed in Husted hall which
at present is clockless.

Boo/e of the Week:
Pulitzer Prize — Personality

“The Late George Apley," by John P, Marquand, Little

Brown, and 00., Boston, 1937, 354 pages.

(On sale in the co-op/

This book, written in the form of memoirs by a
close friend of the person in question, is distinctly dif—
ferent from any I‘ve read recently, both in presenta-
tion and personalities. It is the 1937 Pulitzer Prize
novel, and  such, is worthy of our consideration.

George Aplcy is a blue-blooded, straight—laced
Bostonian, and is descended l'rom generations of such,
Tradition and certain modes of living which must be
follow'cd faithfully comprise his life. His own common
sense, coupled with that of his father, pull him out
of situations which are, at the time, desirable, but
which later might prove anI'onlng, or at least disturb—
ing because they are different from those things to
which he is accustomed. Anything which upsets his
usual habits or routine is rejected, and a suitable sub—
stitute found f'or if. Conformity is the rule, rather
than lhI exception, and George is no exception. We
find him rebelling a little against the definite regula-
tions prescribed for him, but in later years he. dis-
covers comfort, despite an occasional feeling of‘ frustra-
tion, and spcculiIlion as lo who! his life might have
been, had he followed the desires of his own heart.
Fumin plays an important part if! Boston, with
money If sccoIIdIII‘y llIouuhl, George is if lypicnl cx—
poncnl. of illl.‘-. ichI, and his IIIIII'I'iiIgc lo a girl of equal
pI'cslIgc, wulI whom lIc has grown up, is

 

 

 

 

socful

Personal
Viewpoints

At the present time in world
history the world is too tense;
we think too much; we fear what
Hitler or Mussolini is going to
do next—we anticipate future
evil deeds and go about in a
perpetual dither. We, of the col-
lege age have lost our ability to
grin, to be happy—be silly, care-
free, nonsensical. We fret too
much about the cares of the
world and in so doing lose a lit-
tle of the zest of living as vital
to us as whipped cream is to
strawberry Shortcake.

I am not advocating a return
to the pie-depression days of
crazed wasting of time —— of a
hurly burly of action in order to
release pent-up emotions. Now
we just continue brooding and
trouble piles upon trouble ’til
the breaking point is reached,

I admit this is all generaliza-
tion but I believe if the youth of
today would forget a bit of the
unrest of the world and relax
over amusements that are not
so-called social problems, the
world would grow less tense and
laughter would pierce its frown
and some of the more obnoxious
figures would be swallowed by
the grin. There is baseball,
sports, good amusing books, re—
laxing movies,—-Iet‘s forget our-
selves oncc in a while.

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

 

Dear Editor:

Do you want to print a little appre-
ciation from me? I want to thank
Tom Ryan and the basketball team
Pi Gamma Mu, Nahum Lewis, and
a host of State students who wrote
me such friendly and cheerful greet—
ings ,

I am in physical shape to answer
them now, but we are about to start
for historic St. Augustine and the
North. This winter in Florida, or at
least the two months of it, has been

myself daily in a constant hot sun.
Cordlally,

A. W. Rfsley.
11 It! t it
Dear Editor-in—chief:
As president of the Student assoc—
iativ I of this college, I wish to con-
deI..I. and openly attack the editorial
policy stated in the issue of your
paper of May 6, 1938. It is not my
purpose to be antagonistic, but to
present the opposite viewpoint which
I support very strongly.
In this editorial you advocated a
return to the “old system" of run—
ning politics on our campus, Such
II stand cannot but be regarded as
the worst kind of' reactionary posi-
lion. For years the members of our
student body voted f'or their officers
without ever having h eard them
speak, or perhaps seen the candi-
dates. At that lime it was possibil-
for II ('IIIIdidalc for the presidency
lo be shuffled into office if he had
had the advantage of sitting on the
stage as a minor officer.
The position on the Slate collcge
campus is the exact I'chI'sc of most,
colleges. III the pus! ycnI' lwo IIcw
fraternities have been foI'IIch. Wc
fIIIvc ll largo IIoII—f'rach'IIu! and non—
.‘i(Jl'l)l'il.,\’ group, Our present system
of clcclion spccchcs makes it possible
for flu-so groups to obtain II lll‘fll‘lllLL,
us wcll as the ofch' organized groups.
I IIIII not IIIIII’IIlIIIIIIIIg that our Elec-
lIoII commission is llfc pcI'fccl scl-

 

“IIIIIIcIIIly filling IIIId approved by all l'I'icIIds. 11c has
a (lcifIIllc pomlioil III :.ocIcly to maintain. wIIhoul
oschIlnlIoII fillll hc docs IL ilfilllil‘lllll)’ Wl'll, flc illiiil- .’
ugcn lo lukc lllc chungc fII llIc World in lI1:. slrulc, '
willIouI dchulIIIg from his l'll.x!lifll.‘., lro'. i
This. \w find him :.III'pI'I:~.cd and hot IillogcllII-I' ‘
pchn-md ‘-\lll'll ill)» :.on John ll'illhi'h lo conform lo li'filllv-
lion, i"ll'bl of all he docsn'l lIkc (frolon; then he clitl'l'n
lill!'\‘lll'li. and upon gruduulion from l.in school, gocr.
IIIlo blInIIIcsr. no! wilh lhc fIIIIIily, but With il firm in
NI-w York He IIIuI'I‘fcs. ll divorcee, bu! llIc family is
I'cconcffcd wthI lhcy discovcr that she comes of II flIIc
CoIIIIl-cllcul nunIly. (II-urge Is very fond of his gruud-
childi'cn, and iII:-. lusl \A‘lhll of ii happy, and on
the whole, oI'deIIII'y !f!‘c ls fulfillcd when John, his wife,
and family return in I-lflfcI-cst, the family home, two
weeks before George's death.

Thus cnds tllc story of a man who, in an unassum-
ing way, was li'Llly grout—“despite the fact that he

 

 

avoldcd headlines throughout his life carcci'.

up by any IIIciIIIs, llul, fll host If f:.
:I l'lillhll‘lllrlil’l' slcp no! lo bc ignored
1 should like lo point on! lo lhc
xillfll‘lll luprchI's lilill. l!II.~. ycnr's
coIIIInIllcc, under the clIIIiI'iIIuIIslIIp
of Mr. Wullco, is making it scrim o!
I'i-coIInIII-ndulIons lo Inc for IlIc oI'--
gIIIIlzullon to be used III-xl, yI-IIr. 'i'llih
I'cpoI'l. wIl! bc llfllllll'll lo my suc-
ccssor, IIIII! llu- IIcw Hludcnl. council
\vfll act upon 1L, 'I‘hc conIIIIillcc inn.
been working on IlIc report for over
llII'cc wccks.

'l'ilc pI'csl-IIL In‘lcclfon commission
has only fuffclioncd for turn yclif‘h‘,
this being the second. II. is st!!! in
the, cxpci'lIIIeIItn! stage. It will have
to be corrected, and added to as con—
ditions change. This ls my hope for
the future, not a wasteful tossing
off of two year's experience in the
handling of State college clcctlons.
Very truly yours,

Warren I. Dcnsmoro,

President, Student Ass’n,

a second summer and I have basked ’

 

Statesman

 

 

 

Once again Intersorority ball is
gone for another year, and with it
go many memories. There were so
many people at the dance last Fri-
day night that the walls were bulg-
ing. And was it hot! After five
minutes in the Inferno, shirts went
limp and flowers wilted.

Hattie had a new partner for the
evening. That just shOWS how times
change!

What is behind this Simmons-
PowelI-Peak affair? It would seem
that Junior is turning the great lover
on us. A crisis was avoided when a
buddy took over another possible
member of this combination,

Tabner switched to Gamma Kap
for the weekend.

Sophomore Soiree at a neighboring
institution did Iot rob State of any
of the more beauti'u! Iassies. Appar-
ently the gals who go up there are
worth missing. Pardon us, it's the
green-eyed monster.

The tennis team took a little jaunt
to New York over the week end. It
seems that after long and careful
consideration of the matter, the N.
Y. C, waiters decided that Calm,
Frament, Doran, Rand, Smith, and
Kilb were not old enough, but Bod-
“01' is. It‘s tough to be children!

Better late than never—~the miss-
ing wrap finally turned up. A poor
fI'osh had it, but didn‘t realize it un—
til Friday night. Which goes to
prove what advertising will do.

Mascot hunt is over and the col-
lege soap consumption is back to
normal. The poor fI'oslI looked in
every place but the right one. As
usual, We add.

Someone wanted to know why
Frament called Rand "Stubby." We.
too would like to know.

Did the sophomore males finally
decide on attire for Moving-up day?
We say a little harmony never hurts,
and await the yellow tic-handker-
chief combination.

We're leaving for now, but We'll be
back next week with the finil dope
on Moving—up day.

THE MAN OF STATE.

 

Hellenics

 

Your girl Hcllcnc trod her merry
way last weekend.

And here‘s the dirt!

Delta Omega: Ruth Gillespie, ‘35.
spent the weekend at the house.

Psi Gamma: The Welcome sign
was put out and Alma Snyder, ’37,
and Virginia Whillock, '37, stopped
ill.

Alpha Epsilon Phi: Names IIcwly
enrolled in the guest book Wcrc:
Selma Schlucfcr, ‘34, Rose DIIbIIistI,
'35, Lillian Illskin and Phyllis Gross-
IIIun of Life class of ’36, and liosc
EhIlIoI'II of llIc class of “J7.

Chi Sigma ’l‘lIclII: Chi Sig llll-
IIoIIIIccs thc w'cdding of Dol, llcdgcs,
'30, to Dominick (lubricllo, Albany
Low, '30, which will lukc pfncc
July 2.

Kappa licllII: K1) had as \vcckcnd
guests (il‘ucc Pl'll.(:llilf'(l. MiII'foII
IIcIIIIIcInIIIIII, ldllillll Puvnc ol' Lili‘
clnss o! ‘35, Doris llIIlI'd (,‘nrpcnlcr,
l‘illflllil fVchId, hollI 'IilI'cI's, IIIId lu‘lim»
bcflI Mcury, lllllilnc Hhcurcr, um!
licffy Morrow, ‘ll’llli'n, llllll l.oIIi:.c
llIIIlci'Wood, 'Iifi AluIIIIIIII» llllll'lll‘lill
was conducch lust Hului'duy nl, llIc
'l'cII lu‘yck.

licfu '/.clu: liV. l'flll'l'illilll'll Chur-
lollc ltockow, fitmnm ltogi-I‘s, Mllllf’l‘ll
‘Hlllllll'h, illlll ltullI Nll'Kl'l‘hllll of llll'
,cluss o! '30, and KullIl-I'nu- NiII'lI:.l,\',
licIly Nul‘oolv :IIId Louisc 'l‘inloI' of
ins! ycIIr':. cluss och' llIc wcckl-IIII
AluInnIu- llllll'lll'lfll Wun condnclcd
H!lll!l‘(lll,\’ III iill‘ llolcl WcllfIIpfoII

(iuIIIIIIII Kuppo l‘hf‘ Alumnam
\fhlllll'h foI' lIIchnoI'oI'lly who slop»
lpcd ill. (luIIIInII Kup \‘f’l'l‘i' f'.‘\‘clyn
Hfuchlc, '35, um! ()dclu- (touI'lInch.
Vi!’f.’,i!llfl Small, und 1chch Mcfiownn,
Id! of fuel. ycur's chins.

l’l AIplIII 'l‘IIII: New lIIlfiIIIl-s inlo
l’A'l‘ ill'l' Sylviu (lrccnbmlt, llcatricc
MIII'uslIlnsky, 1"l'i‘lllll Diamond, and
licllc Lushius'ky, id! of '41, and liar-
I'Icl. Levine, '40, Sorority chkcnd
guests at PA’I‘ wcrc Esther PIItIIshnlk
Davis, '35, Ducky Levine, ’3ll, Ruthy
KIIt'I. li‘lncmun, also of the class of
’35, and Mathilda CcIItIIcI' '34.

And that's all until III‘Ixt chk.
girls. when the (in'ccks may have
guinbolcd some more!

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY .3, .933

Page 3

 

State Nine Faces Hartwic/e
ﬂag at Bleec/eer Stadium

Baseball S c o r e 3 Feature
Cortland, Hamilton Wins
Of Last Weekend

With the two beatings of last
weekend bringing their average down
to .333, State will see action again
today, taking on Hartwick on the
home diamond at Blcecker.

Probable batteries will
Keuran, with either Augustine or
O'Brien doing the backstop work.

Friday‘s and Saturday's games
were nothing short of disaster for
the Alma Mater‘s crew, At Hamil-
ton, a lopsided score of 23-9 greeted
the State's men’s efforts. Follow-
ing this defeat, a trouncing to the
tune of a shutout, 14-0, was dished
up by Cortland.

In both games, State meted out
no punch and barely approached the
amateur level in fielding. Of the
total of 37 runs garnered off our
squad, there were only four which
could actually he slipped into the.
earned run class. Errors totaled
twenty-one for us and five for them.

Fairbanks hit another long one at
Hamilton to bring up the total
homers credited to him to two!
Van Kcuran, who pitched the first}
six innings was off stride, but still
garnered ten strike-outs, He was
bagged for a total of“ fifteen counters.
Shearer, who relieved him, was
nicked for eight.

Hamilton failed to score only in
their first chIInCe at the plate. Aver-
ageaftcr that was over three runs
an inning for the home boys.

“Whecze” Lehman was given
credit for the Saturday loss despite
the fact that he was reached for
only one earned run in the fracas.
Augustine lasted the game behind
the plate in spite of the sore arm
which he developed previously,

Grogan, who pitched for the Cort—
land aggregation, Lurncd in a three
hit game for Cortland‘s first win of
the season.

His teammates did an unnecessary
bit of supporting by tearing holes in
the infield Willi Lehman's tosses.
State was given twelve errors in this
game alone, while the men of Co-
lumbus fielded a perfect 1.000,

The outfield held up well under
the volleys directed at it, particularly
the left field wall under the able
managcrship of Quattrocchi. Frank
was peppered with an unusual num-
ber of chances, and accepted all,
missing only one trip.

Coach neatly termed the disease
which beset our men in both games
as an epidemic of milling the ball.
That the disease was coIIIIIIuIIicatcd
was evident, as can be soon for the
box scores of line games,

As for today's game, Conch is just
“not thinking."

W.A.A. Co—nilucts Supper

be Van ‘

 

 

Intramural
Spring
Sports
L. F. R.

Within the space of a few weeks
the animal spring M. A. A. Intra-
mural Track Ineet will take place.
Already the boys are getting into
shape for this long looked for event.
Any day, at all hours, the weather
permitting, one can see the boys jog-
ging around the school or in Wash-
ington park, The freshmen who are
out to best the upperclassmen in the
long distance are Doug Manley,
Lloyd Clum, and Jim Snover, while
Jack Shapiro and Dan Preston are
out to make honors for their class in
the clashes,

Arrnyed against the III'Iderclnssmcn
and against each other are Tony
Wilczynski and Walt Russ, juniors,
in the distance I'Im, Harold Haynes,
‘38, Steve Shaw, Louis Francello, and
Frank Rickmnn, sophomores.

Records that were set last year are
the 220 yaId dash, won by John
Ryan, ‘37, 23.9; the 440 record tied
by Tom Ryan, 56.3; and in the 880
relay, the juniors' four man team
consisting of “Whecze” Lehman, Bill
Torrens. Ed Melanson. and Jim
Johnson, breezed in within 1:43.05.
With the boys in training, these and
other established records should be
broken.

Here is some baseball new; about
the varsity. One: Paul Schmitz is
back in uniform, and is expected to
pitch against the Hartwick nine this
afternoon. The last bit of news
is that due to the two losses of the
past Week, a shake up in the squad
is expected and when you see today's
game, be prepared.

Getting under way at the same
time are the golf, tennis, and horse-
shoe tournaments, There are six-
teen strong signed up for the golf
and horseshoe contests while over
fifty are ready to battle it out.

The first round golf matches must
be completed by Wednesday, May 18.
August Casper is judged number one
player in the upper brackets, while
Duke Hershkowitz is conceded to be
number two 1n the lower one.

 

 

 

M. A. A. Banquet Features
Ellis Chapman Speech

 

Tuesday night Men‘s Athletic asso-
ciation will present its annual spring
banquet in the college cafeteria at
6:00 o'clock. The speaker for the
evening will be Ellis Champlain, di-
I'cc!.or of physical education, New
York Sluic- Educnllon department.
In charge of the evening's wink at

 

To Plan Future Policy

Planning for llll' fului'c sccms lol
bc a kcynolc flu-so duyh', So, to lIc,
in lllllc wilh llIc limes, W. A. .,
council will lll‘.'l‘| 'l'lfl'nlluy night at!
llIc ll(llllf' of Miss [subclle Johnston;
lo forIIIIIlIIIc :I policy for Icht ycuI‘.‘

Afch' II lillilc! supper, i.lll‘!'l' will
lIc u pcIIcI'ul discussion of llIc,
IIclIIc\cIIIl-III:. o! llIc llhhlu‘iilllull IlIII'W
lllf', lhc ]):I:.! \I'Jll', of llIc conditions
and :.IlII;IIIoIIs which IIccd rcIncdy—
lllf.',, um! :I coII:.Il!I-I'IIlIoII of suugcs»
lions for lililliiilu,

HIIIcc llIc \I‘lIolc :.cl~up of llIc oI'«
guIIIzulioiI him hchI I'cIII'I'IIIIpcd,
llll'l'l' Ill'l’ IIIIIIIy bum]! blillfllillllh'
winch lll'l'll I'coIiuIIIIxulIoII lo bul—
iIIIcc Ihcm- llll‘f.',l'f' ('lllllllﬁi‘h. The group
will i'lill.‘.llil‘!' clInIIIIleIIIg :,oIIn- sports
\\l!ll'll are now llll'lll(ll'll ill llIc [)l'li-
mum and Indium: ollIcf'h wlIIcII III'c
IIoI now :.poII~.oI'cll, This yc:II":. cup—
lIIIIII. \\lll lii'l'.‘.l'!ll ioI' I-xIIIIIIIIIIIioII
llll'll' IIIclholh. of l'lilllllll'llllfl. li sporl,
IIIId ‘ullliiél'tnilllllh‘ for llll'l'l'llixlllf: llIc
IIppcul of IIcIIchl o! llll' sporlii will
he cIIfcI‘cd. IlIIdoulIlcdly llIc (pics—
lIoII of doc.» will be I'uiscd, us well III.
lhc poIIII of how in llll'l'l‘llhl: lolIIl
llll'llllil‘l'hlllp 'f‘lIc fcuslbllfly lI!l(l
facility of IIdInIIIisIcrhIg llll‘ IIcw
lle!!'(l hyhll‘lll will Idso lic, deliberat—
cd, One of llll' illliiil. illllllfl‘lfllll.
points In bc pondered will be llmll
of llll'f‘l‘fiblflf', the number of fill'l‘lti
uud coIIl'cI'I-iIccs Willi olhcr schools.

Since all iIi'I'InIgcuIcms will affect;
ill‘Xl. ycur‘s council, llll nominees for}
A. A. offices who wore up for I'cVotcs.
will be invited lo attend the meeting.

lhc f'csllvc board will be "Bubbling"
PIIII! Ditilllllll who will endeavor to
kccp lhc splrlls soaring.

(Icoi‘gc Amyot has prcpnrcd IIII
clIIhoI'IIle program for the “1011 who
IIlchId, There will be singing and
sols, IIlso II fcw spccchcs, Letters
will be uwnrdcd lo the purlicipnuls
iII vIII'sily sports who curich llIcIn
lhis ycur. 'l‘lIcI'c will also lic n fcw
hlll‘f‘illl ilell'llh’ for lnlI'uIIIuI'IIls. chl
ycur's cIIpluiIIs und IIIIIIIuch'I; Will be
uIIIIouIIccd us will plans for ncxl
ycuI":; pI'ogI'iIIII for llIc IIIcII.

The boys Inm- plumch IIII clill)()l‘~
:Ilc bIIIIqucl. IIi-l's ncl bchlnd lhcm!
'1‘ickc!.~. are on sulc now for sixty

'chIln. You IIIIIy .‘Il'l'lll'l' llIcIII from
fill,\' of llIc lollownip, llll'll. lch‘IIlcl
(‘IIIlfIIl-y, l.lll'l',\' liulou, .loc Mosley,

.liic Mliiznlclon. Iltd HIIIIoIIds, Him!!!
f’oI'cIIIo, (ilil‘lllllf ’l‘IIbIIcI', Arnold l‘iil-
cI'III, Mlki- WIIlko, iIIl(l .loc McKcoII

W. A. A.’s Spring Season
To Terminate Thursday

Attention, all procrastinating
followers of our minor Olympics!
Spring season ends Thursday.
Spring season ends Thursday.
In case that has failed to sink in,
we reiterate. The athletic pro-
gram sponsored by the Women’s
Athletic association of this col-
lege will terminate a week from
yesterday. Ah, We thought you’d
catch on. And the implication
of that statement are as follows:
Credit in all sports must be com-
pleted by Thursday. THAT
mean that there will be the
usual hustle and bustle and wild
scramble to finish spring sports.
The tennis courts will be reserv-
ed for hours: the supply of bad-
minton racquets and shuttle
cocks will be exhausted. But
nevertheless, nearly everybody
will complete credit—that is if
she gets going pronto, for there
are three more baseball practices,
three more archery practices. two
more nights of swimming, and
two more days for archery, All
other sports may be finished any
day through Thursday. But
start now — and remember. you
were warned!

Varsity Netmen
To Play Hartwitk

Racqueteers Suffer Defeat
At Hands of St. John’s,

Drew Teams

 

 

 

Playing their first match at home
this afternoon against Hartwfck col-
lege, at 3:30 o‘clock on the Ridge—
field courts. the Purple and Gold
tennis squad is determined to regis-
ter a second win of the season for
a .500 average,

Lose to Superior Team

Starting off confidently against
Drew and St. John's, the Feds were
given my decisive defeats at the
hands of the Drew nctmen 9—0. and
St. John's 8-1,

As a group, the Drew men had a
very well-balanced offensive and dc-
f'cnslve team that hopelessly out—
classed thc teachers. The boys did
not. illll’c any chance against them.

In the. St. John's match, the boys,
not so confident after their white-

Iashing of the day before, were easy
marks for loo opponents. The only
match the Pods took was III the
doubles with Cyril Kflb and Ken
Doran wielding the racqucts for a
6-2; 4-6; 6-0 win.

llartwick Match

Stale will meet Hartwle today for
the first time in tennis competition,
Lost your the scheduled match was
rained out,

III view of' I-IIII'twlck's record this
your, State should score on easy win
over the boys from down Oncontu
way. On Tuesday, May 17, the team
tI'IIvcls lo Troy lo meet its trad!-
l.loIIIIl rivals the Engineers. III the
past four years, the squad hasn't
Won 11 mulch. HOWL'VUI', the. Engi—
neers have a slight edge on the odds
of winning.

According lo lfu- uIIIIoIIIIchIIcIIl. of
Captain CIIIIII, II “ladder” lournn—
Incnl. will lukc plncc lo determine
llIc positions of ler IIIcIIIIIcI's of the
squad. When illl' l‘l'slllll; of tho Lour-
IIIIIIIcIII are announced, fl, is c.\'-
pcclcd find If big slIukc-Ilp fII ilIc
Iclnlivc slundings of llIc boys will
l'l'.‘~.llll. 'l'lIc posilIoIIn I'IIIIk from
llllllll)l'l' onc lo llllllllh'l' nix.

,IIIId Bordock, Grads, 170.

W. A. A. Members to Mark

 

 

Spring Season

Flash !

 

 

 

Flash !
Flash !
B. C.
Flash! Flash! There will be a

Weekend at Camp Johnston today,
tomorrow and Sunday. Honest!
Besides enjoying themselves, the
campers will have to do some last
minute straightening up before the
thundering herd descends on camp
for Moving-up day weekend.

Flash! Flash! The tennis tour-
nament is getting along swimmingly
( if you don’t mind our mixing sports
and metaphors). The entire first
round has been played off, and part
of the second round is completed!

Flash! Flash! “We're planning,
we‘re planning, our brave little
band" for the future generation-—
next year‘s association members, All
constructiVC suggestions for improve-
ment gratefully received.

We seem to remember having
heard at the beginning of this season
some slight whisper of bicycling as
an organized sport next year, if it
succeeded this year as an adjunct to
Lotta Bunkers. Have you seen any
bicyclcrs? The correct answer to the
last question is “no.” Why? Your
gueSs is as good as anyone's. Maybe
the over-grown scooters are few and
far between, or possibly too expen-
sive to rent. We venture to wager
that this wild display of enthusiasm
for the sport will serve to have it
amputated from the 1938-39 plans.
Does that get your dander up? Well,
if you become very irate on the sub-
ject, why not let people know about
your peeve, and your ardent desire
to bicycle all over the place.

Grads Take College
Bowling Championship

In the finals of the bowling play-
offs, the Grads won, 2-1, from Col-
lege House to become the State col-
lege bowling champions,

Although both teams were badly
off-form lintcrsorority weekend'h,
the grads took the first two matches
easily and dropped the third match
by ll 37 pin margin. This was due
mainly to the triple strikes John
Edge and Frank Lawton made in the
asl, four frames.

The Grnds' victory is the culmina-
tion of' on eight game winning streak
starting from tenth place at the
middle of“ the season and finishing

 

 

 

up among the lenders in fourth place l

onc and II lIIIlf' games behind the
league feuding Collcginns.
III the ploy-offs, Bob
Grad captain, fed in the singles with
u 196, followcd by Edge, C, H., 180',
Benedict
also led in lhe high triples with fl
Bill, !'ol!chd by his l.cIIIIIIIIIIl.c, 15!!!
Slecfc, who llii. II 478 !.o be closely
followed by l‘lllgc who had ll 473.

Benedict,

Chat/2am gampfounding

 

Journey to Camp Johnston
To include Athletics,
Awards Banquet

Women’s Athletic association will
celebrate Camp Johnston's sixth
birthday next weekend, when all
staunch A. A. cohorts will converge
on the Chatham rendezvous for the
traditional Moving-up day weekend,
and the annual spring awards ban-
quet

When Camp Johnston was built
in the summer of 1932, the goal of
a campaign of several years was
realized. Through sponsoring in-
numerable plays, operettas. cake
sales and similar affairs, A. A. had
earned approximately tWenty-five
hundred dollars, to be used exclu-
sively for the erection of a camp.
This camp was to be used by A. A.
members for relaxation, and to stim-
ulate healthy living and good, clean
sport. During the six years following
its completion, Camp Johnston and
camp life have become highly im-
portant parts of the athletic pro-
gram, and Council has constantly
provided for more improvements and
conveniences on the site. However,
there are many small items, such as
kitchen utensils. towels, fireplace
appliances which are constantly
wearing out. Replenishment of such
articles will be Camp’s birthday gift
from the individual members of the
association. A list of articles needed
has been posted, but the person with
a Bright Idea is at complete liberty
to follow it out.

Weekendch at Camp Will leave
from school, via bus, at 10:00 o’clock
Saturday. The chief event of the
day will be the spring banquet, when
the athletic awards for the year will
be presented. Previous spring ban-
quets have been conducted at the
home of some member of the asso-
ciation. A. A. voted to have the ban-
quet at Camp this year. Following
the banquet, next year's officers will
be installed. The rest of the week-
end wlll be devoted to hiking, bad-
minton and swimming.

General Chairman of the weekend
is Marie. Metz, '40, who will be assist-
ed by the following committees: pub-
lfcity, Anne Kallchman, '39, chair-
mnn. Helen Lasher, Helen Miller,
Mary Miller, Dorothy Peak, Adele
Ronan, and Dolores Tompkins,
freshmen; food. Lillian Hines, '39,
chairman; transportatiOII, Virginia
Efson, '40, chairman; guests, Frances
Riani, '41, chairman; cleanup, fresh-

men.
Mpg i 1‘ IW'I '-
W‘l  I
I I M

 fill" ‘

 

       
 
   

wall
OPTICIAN .
FREDETTE Sc
. “Columbith-J'f’awratowliud
COMPL re OPTICAL SERVICE

 

 

 

End of Crane St.

PALORAMA

Schenectady, N. Y.

 

I‘IA'I‘ A'l‘ JOHN'S LUNCH

 

Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches IIIId
Sundacs
7:1!!! A. M. —- 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

(ice. I). Jeoncy, l’rop

Boulevard

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

l
and Grill ‘
l

“illl 5-1913

Cafeteria

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

SUNDAY, MAY 15

The Sensational

Chick Webb

And Ills
NBC ORCHESTRA

l~‘culuring

ELLA FITZGERALD

Admission

 

l'llll'lx’ Wl'lllli

 

M

Ladies, 40c Mun 60c
No Other Charges

 

  

  
  
  
   
    
     
   
     
        
     
   
      
          
   
  
      
  
      
   
   
   
 
   
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    
   
  
  
      
     
  
   
       
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
       
   
      
      
     

a

 

    
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
 

 

