  
 
 

.i
I‘;
i
l,
E.
i

W «MW

 

   

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

- Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,
3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

IIPIIBINTID Fol NATIONAL ADVIITIHINO IV

I Q I I
NatlonalﬂdvertlsmgSemce,Inc.
Callus Publishers chraunialilu
420 MADISON Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO - BOSTON - [OI ANGILEI - SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

SorHIs WOLZOK   Editor-in-C’hief
DAVlD B. SMITH . . . . . . . . .. Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Henrwm ., . . . Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O'HORA .. .. Associate Managing Editor
Jam Sraouo   .. Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NIGHTINGALE    Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD  .. Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BlLZl  .. Circulation Manager

ISSUE EDITORS

Robert (Jogger lconard Kowalsky
Saul Grccm'ald David Minsl‘Ie'rg
.Otto J. Howe Sally Young

SPORTS STAFF

(‘aley Augustine lctty ('lark
Frank Rickman

3 An ‘Honest’ Honor System .9

Will an honor system at State be a suc-
cess? To those who see only the superfi-
cial facts, it would seem that an honor sys-
tem should be successful. We disagree,
however, to this extent—that some of the
students would break down this system,
here or at any other institution. The best
example of how such a thing could come
about is best illustrated by the petty thiev-
ery that is current at this institution.

If the students cannot refrain from tak-
ing other people’s property, how can an
honor system exist? Posted on the bulletin
board, one sees, “Missing, one Bcsso cam-
era . . .” When one leaves his books on
top of his locker or on his desk, a half hour
later they are missing. This happens every
day of the week, and yet we say we should
trust the students.

The petty thieving that occurs, is a re-
flection on the character and integrity oi'
the entire student body. If the students
cannot refrain from stealing, is it humanly
possible that they can be trusted “on their
honor” with tho responsibility ol' going in-
to an exam and stop the chcnting which
they do in their daily life?

Another important factor is that a min-

 

 

  

 

 

 

ority of the students do not have a high ‘

sense of honesty. Fountain pens, pencils
and other small articles are lost, :arclcssly,
daily; yet, how many of those who find
thesc ariiclcs cvc'r return them to their
rightful owner or to the lost and found dc-
parimcnt in their school? Morally, every-
one is bound to do this, but it is casicr to
“forget” that it doesn’t belong to you than
it is to return those articles. So it Woulil
be with the honor system.

This discussion is not an exaggeration
of the facts as they occur. Look around
and obscho the numerous notices that say,
“ll'liss‘mg,” or watch those who cheat on an
examination or a test. The numbcr is ap—
palling. What can we as siudcnls do, you
would say. The only answer we have to of—
fer is that one is morally responsible i'or his
actions to himself alonc. Lei student opin-
ion or his conscience do the rcst.’

We are not opposed to tho honor sys-‘
term as it should be, but we fool that, prac-
tically, it would not sUccecd. ’i‘hc unscrup-
ulous cheat Would break down the system
and those who are honest cannot resist
cheating when marks are the sole criterion
of our grading system.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 8, 1938

 

Stop Reforming Us

COMMENTSTATER

Pcrenially, and sometimes more often than that,
there appear in the ans insistent “reform articles”
which condemn and try to remedy some attitude of
the State student body. At various times, there have
been articles lamenting the existence in the student
body of an air of extreme unconcerr. and indiffer-
ence, the prevalent apathy and disinterest or, as the
case may be. sophistication, and even the fact that
some people, in their effort to become popular, have
amassed too many offices. In other words, the range
of complaints covers an enormous scope.

Naturally there can always be found something
to complain about and some budding reformer to
complain about it. But we all know that talk does
not have much effect and that the Commentstater
probably has even less, and that human nature will
for a long time remain just as it is; nevertheless, even
though we shall cease to comment on conditions that
need improvement. the sentiment lies within us.

The puzzling of making some effective reform is
enough to make us despair and give up hope of ever
seeing a perfect student body—and it is a good thing
perhaps, because the student body must by this time
be exasperated and saying, “Isn't there anything about
us that is good?" Therefore, students. you may ex—
pect us hereaf‘ r to stop this “everlasting reform"
movement to a degree at least.

The driVe to drive out all "non-belongers" from the
Activities office is still 111 full swing—for results are
slow in coming and the effect of the drive up to this
time has been very small. However, the so called non-
members are asked not to further frequent the Ac-
tivities office on pain of having the door thereof per-
Inancntly locked so that admittance will be prohibited
except to “belongcrs” who have keys.

 

 

 

 

For a long time we have been suffering from the
congestion in the halls and on the staircases of Rich-
ardson hall. It is inconvenient. a waste of time and
liable to cause injury to someone trying to “mountain-
goat" his way down or up. A remedy has been sug—
gested which is as follows: that the lecture classes in
Richardson hall be dismissed a minute or two before
the bell rings, so that the rush to {let out of the
building may be diverted info two channels.

And now for a final word of cncourachneIIt and It

praise to the Sophomores for their supreme efforts
in providing the facilities for a grand Soiree tonight.
Enumcratcd, these facilities are Inainly Artie Shaw
and his syncopatcrs, which need no description. the
Auranla club, which needs even less description, and
a bunch of the best people on earth attending the
event. So come one (no stags permitted, however),

come all and enjoy yourself more than ever before in

your life.

Boo/e of the Wee/a:
Homer Goes Modern

by Alice Barilow
The Trojan Horse, by Christopher Morley. J. 1’. Lip-
pincott Co, Philadelphia, 1937, 248 pp.
(On sale at the co-op)

"it is curth’s most famous town, so it belongs to
everybody and to all times at onco. You must build
it in your own Inlnd . We think a lot 01' NOW,
but isn't THEN always getting the better of it? Let's
mix them together and make ALWAYS . . 

This is part of" tho prologue of "The Trojan Horse"
so aptly cntitlcd “Imagine, l’lensc."

Imagine, if you can, unclan 'I‘roy having, along
with its walls and classic Lcmplcs. jwrpcndicuhu' mod-
(:l‘ll skyscrapers, radio Lowers. filling stations and a
scusldc I'oadhousc. Imagine also a Greek military cn-
cumpmcnt just outside the town. Behind a huge
screen the Wooden Horse is in thc making. The Tro-
jans can look down on the (lrccks and see this pro-
ccss as it goes on. Fighting in this “Scige of Troy"
goes on from 9 to o . . . union hours one might say.

if we were to outer the Trojan camp We would
find all the heroes such as Hector. Paris, and Aeneas,
cleaning,r up after a day of fighting. In the Greek
camp would bc Achilles, Ajax, Ulysses and Diomcdcs.

Prlum, Kim,r of Troy, and Helen, the historical
pcrsonnngcs of importance plus lllum, the Radio Volcc,
Dr. Culchns, an cconomlc cxpcrt nnd l’andurus, u fin-
unclcr would all be found within tho waits oi' the city.

Aftcr the day's fighting thc soldlcrs, both (.il‘t‘l'k
and Trojan. rclax and go down to tho roudhousc by
the sca7-7-“Sarpcdonl‘s" . . .

You ask how they act along togcthcr, these Greeks
and ’l‘rojuns? Wcll, use your imagination it little more
and see the following: A nculrul roudhouso with chry
opportunity for pleasure. A white line is painted
straight across the premises, which exactly divides the
bar, the dining room, the dance floor and the terrace.
Thus the soldiers enjoy the relaxations that make
this continuous war cndurablc.

The legend of the Trojan Horse is found in this
book just as it is found in Homer’s Iliad. The some
setting, the some people and the some events in mod-

 

ern language with modern ideas and interpretations
are contained in this work of Morley's.

 

 

 

 

 

Personal
Viewpoints

EGO joins the rest of the va-
cationing columnists, and while
he’s whipping up gobs Of Ego-
mania for subsequent issues, we
want to say how eager we are to
wolf this opportunity of airing
our latest idea.

I. II t It

Of course we could break the
literary ice by discoursing on
Soiree and Shaw, but We feel
that our boss did such an ade-
quate job of it last week that
just a mention of it is sufficient.
However, we must say that dur-
ing the past few weeks we've
.come to realize more and more
how much of a top-notcher
Shaw is, and how fortunate the
sophomore class is in obtaining
him at the price they did. Soiree
this year will no doubt be long
remembered in State’s social an-
nals.

It c at 1

And speaking about dances
brings us around to our proposi-
tion. We‘re still pulsating and
pendulating from the highly
successful All-State dance of a
few weeks ago and wondering
why we can't have Inore of"
them. Of course, we realize
they‘re quite an undertaking and
require a great deal of concerted
action. Therefore we present
our plan. Do you remember the
vic (is Icing we used to have
after the basketball games? We
thought it was swelegant; we al-
ways had a funful time and it
seemed to us that every one else
found it likewise. Well, why
not have similar Vic dances last-
ing the entire evening on week-
ends when nothing else is sched—
uled? An informal, inexpensive
affair like this, staged in the
Commons with the admission set
at ten or fifteen cents, would
provide a neat bit of entertain-
Inent for all the social—seeking
lads who spend their weekends
warming sorority sofas.

An affair like this we feel
would be quite easy to promote
since it would not require the
work and effort needed as in the
case of' the All—State dance, and
expenses would be at a minimum
level. Such a dance would have
come in handy last weekend.

We welcome your suggestions
and opinions, and if you want
to contact us, don’t hesitate. Of
course, we realize that it's a little
late in the season to start agita—
tion, but We always have next
year,

1! ii if t

in past Egomania frequent
Invcctlvc has been directed at
the blast flu'nacc heat that. pre-
vails to fan the watery brows ol'
the noon-day swingslcrs in the
Commons. Also the suggestion
was made that the members of
the vic commlticc might assume
the duty 01' opening the windows,
not one, but all, at the beginning
of the daily session. We darc
the vic committee to tell us why
they refuse to heed this sugges-
tion. Must We gasp for air until
some lonc benefactor of human-
ity shows his during by opening
one of the window: when the
point of suffocation is rcachcd?

6‘ ﬂ 1» a

Before we close We want to
ccnsurc ihc ncctnrcous Milnltcs
who displayed their l‘lillllClUUS
tl.‘ll(l(‘l1cll?s by rcmovinl.r some of
tile Soircc posters. Such action
can bc cxpcctcd from high
school pu-pllls, but We feel it is
entirely too unfair to those peo-

ph- who consumed thcir time
and effort in putting them up.

cht issue the I'cguhu' pl'opl'lc—
for will return to the fold. To
lhosc oi' you who have borne

With us wc say furcwcll und

hopc you won't consider our first
cndcnvor too lightly.

SOPHI'JGO

Dean Announces Recess

The following IncInoraIuiuIn was
received from Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
dean of the college, in regard to the
coming Easter recess, quote:

College closes on Wednesday,
April 13, for Easter recess, allow-
imlg Thursday for necessary tru-
Ve .

Absences from classes on April
13 and April 26 will be deemed
as a request for cancellation of
registration in courses affected.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

Greetings, salutations and hellol
Motivated by spring and Soiree we
of the class of ‘wise fools' shall now
attempt to serve up to you the latest
morsels of dirt, gleaned from rumor,
hearsay and incident. Our regular
despoiler of State’s social euphoria
is now on vacation and We take over
with omophagic appetency. (Par-
don us but that’s the only way we
can say it).

We won't keep you gossip raven-
ous fans waiting any longer, so we
raise the curtain on the social pan-
orama by describing the campus
spring t?) scene: Studes loitering on
Draper’s steps . , . promenaders am—
bulating along Western avenue . , .
steady couples still going steady . . .
dancers like Schmltz, Murphy, et. al.,
never missing a day . . . Karpen still
pursuing the Golden mean . . .
Crounse a-Cort-ing a new forums . . .
Tommy Roberts pounding the pave—
ments of Western ave. to DO . . .
Edge doing an encore with Betty . . .
Lamberton getting an eep rush _ . .
Losce starring on the front page of a
local news rag . . . “Ace” Quinn risk-
ing contentment on a blind date . . ,
Eckcl still Dibble dating . . , Cox
aiming at the Footc of the class . . .
Flossie Nclbach renewing her Lccse
on College house . . . Franklin still
maintaining his presidential rela-
tionships . , . Max Edclstcin flitting
over the i'loor boards at noon with
a fellow Schenectadlan . . . “Flash”
Coggcr daily acquiring new dancing
partners . . . Pearl Sandbch sing-
ing "Moe Than Ever" after a week-
end of reciprocity . . . Drooz playing
tag with his dog in the Echo office
. _ . Doran abandoning his boycott
of the noonday swing . , . Mitchell
playing her Harp—er . . .

Speaker F‘ricdlander grants him~
self a point of high personal privi-
lege and breaks precedent. Hc’s tak-
ing a Skidmore import to '40’s fling
, tonight and promises a colorful sur~

prise.
‘ And how many people know what
isophomore lass went home for the
,wcckcnd because Michigan State is
‘Spring-vacutioning?

All is nol Gold that glitters.
, Minsberg.

As long as the spirit oi' nomin-
ations is in the air, we’d like to do
in little nominating ourselves:

1, For champion nightowls of KD;
)Hclcn Blake and Lorraine Smith.

For position on the Schenectady
brain trust: Joc Blackburn and Bob
i Henry.
| For membership in tho 0. l. 0.:
lEstcllc Sonmicrs~shc's always with
ia Union man.

Talk about life's lncongruuics-
Lon Kowalsky ls taking Latin us an
elective.

Heaven on earth: Ed Bromlcy has
n teaching job clght miles from
Margc‘s home town.

Wcll, l'olksics, wc'vc come to the
end 01' our allotted spucc. Please
don't thlnk that just bccuusc we're
new, we haven't any more choicc
items to impart; on the contrary,
we could fill the columns of this
issue. So long. we‘ll be looking for
you this Weekend to scc if you're still
faithful to your loved one. Happy
Solrcc and Dorm formal!

1‘1"!) 801’" 01“ ."l‘A’l‘lC

 

 

 

Hellenics

 

 

l.ct's go to Solrcc, Solrcc, Soiree.

'l‘hI- Grccks will let go on Wednes-
day, but Incunwhilc . . ,

Aldl’hl had us wcckcnd visitors
l'hyllls (lrossmun. lluIIIIuh Frost,
and Rose lt'inhorn of the class 0!
'30, and Marion Cohen, '37.

Delta Omcgu announces the mar-
l'lllge of lictty Primcr, ’35, to Mr.
Georgi.- Bruce Woodln.

Carol Hill, ’36, spcut thc wcekcnd
ut lt‘tu PM.

At Alpha ltho they‘re still in
pledging mood. The two newest-i
V'loI‘cIIcc CuI-tlss, ’38, and Augusta
Sluulnanln, '39, while Phi Lambda I 2—
ccnt y p IIIch a dud“

Kmnom, um I to. pin on Hilda

AEPhi announces that Dr. Matie
E. Green has accepted its invitation
toAbcsolne faculty adviser.

n Eta Phi ls )lannin
party with Doris lliluIIroe,g’3% vii:
chairman. '

That's all!

'1‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

Assembly Plans
For Convention’s
Opening Sessions

Recent Session Approves
Direct Primary, Recall,
Legislative Council
Six months of intensive research,
study, and active interest in current
state governmental issues will soon
find its expression in the work of
the State College Constitutional As-
sembly now that the Constitutional
Convention is finally underway at
the State Capitol. Plans have been
laid for a system of “buttonholing”
the delegates in order to attempt an

enactment into constitutional law of ‘

the many issues on which the State

 

college students have “gone on rec-
ord” as desiring to be discussed at
the revision convention.

Ever since October 15, 1937, when
Dr. Robert Rienow, instructor in
government, addressed the student.
body and suggested that the “stu-
dents of State organize into an ac-
tion group to encourage thoughtful
consideration of the probable issues
of the Constitutional Convention
and to exert pressure wherever nec-
essary in the interests of this As-
sembly," wcckly sessions of the “as-
sembly” have discussed and debated
many reforms in state government.
Under the direction of Spcakcr
Leonard Fricdlandcr; Clcrk Richard
Lonsdalc; and Publicity Director J.
Edmorc Mclanson. proposals have
been given full consideration on the
floor of the student assembly.

Convention Opens

Concurrcni with the opening coro—
monies of the New York State con—
vention, the Slate Collcgc Constitu—
tional Assembly, with an added for—
vor, voted on four committee rc-
ports, approving lhI-cc resolutions
and defeating another.

Julius l-Icrshkowitz, ‘39. and Ethcl
Little, '38, heading the committee on
:1 Legislative Council for New York
State, submitted a unanimous I'cporL
supporting the resolution on the
grounds that, “A legislativc counci‘
will function under ultllcl’ unicam-
oral or blcamcral forms of lcgisln-
turcs, will ))l'()\.'l(llf for a more scien—
tific schedule of bills to be considcr-
cd. is condusch to more enlightened
legislation and will curtail the evils
oi' last minute rushing of bills and
cxccssivo log-rolling."

Miss Little explained that a lcgis-
lutivc council, composed of members
of the legislature and exports in tllc
field of government, would consich-
all the bills introduced at ll. short
session oi' the lcgislaturc and 1th1

 

would “I'cconuucnd a. cnlcndar of
bills" and provide lillll' for considcr—
ntion of important Inntlcrs und cli—
miIIntioII of “unncccssury and (ill-
utorious" bills. This plan calls for
n “split-scssion” of tho lcgislaiurc,
the first month dcvolcd to introduc—
tion of bills and ihcn u sccond scs-
sion, luch‘ in tho your. for mum;
and dcbuling lilo bills rcconnncndcd
by tho Icgislullvc couIIcIl.
Unanimous Votc

By u unanimous volc of lhc Con—
slilulionul Asscmbly lln- IIIcnsuI'c
was passed, and is to ill‘ scnt, along
with lho oIth' rcsolulions approvcd,
lo the l’I'csichIl of llu- CoIIVcnlioII.

Similar approval was cxlcndI-d Lo,
l‘l‘HUllllllllls l'l‘lllll'll'fl on by Ilcrbcrl
l"l‘ll.lli(l‘l, '3!) favoring n llII'ccl.. opcII
pI‘iIIIaI‘y and by lllunchc Kirshcu-
blunr "11 who luvorcd Ihc I'ccull oi .
ull clcclcd stulc olilcluls.

Dcspili- ihc urguIIu-uls ol .Joscph
lioslcy, ‘39, who suqulllcd a minor—
uy I'cport l'uvol'lng llll' rcnolullon
calling for thc uppllcullon oi "I'i-lc~
Iiucs oblnlncd from InoIor vchIclc.
luxullon solcly for highway con-
struction and I‘cconslruclIon," lhc
Asscmbly volcd lo disapprch lhc
plIIII.

Lculllng llu- opposition Io lllc l‘l'MI-
lullou was .1. (lordon 'i‘IIlim-r, '39,!

who ('lillllll'li llIul i| lhc rcsolullon

wcrc ('llllhlllll'il In llu' conslllulion lli

w«—-m..-, . ........s.._ 1... ,..,

“MW—“M

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 8, 1938

Prominent Sophomore Class, Members

 

 

 

 

 

 

Walter Simmons, Rita Sullivan, and Lloyd Kelly, left to right. prominent in sophomore activities.

Simmons was president of the class in the freshman year.

now secretary of the student asso
Council to Have
Second Banquet

Trehanon To Be Chairman;
Fraternities Will Meet
At Annual Dinner

Plans for the second Intcrfratcr-
nIIy Banquet. to be conducted on
chncsday, April 27, at 6:30 o'clock,
arc now well under way according
to lllc announcement of Alfred Trc—
hunon, Bil. presidan of Intel-frater-
nily council and general chairman
for tho affair.

The sccnc of this festive occasion
will be the collcgc cafeteria, and
louslnlastui' for the event will be
Richard Cox, ‘38, A sports program,
bcginnlng at 4:30 o'clock, has been
plumch for the afternoon.

McInbcrs of the various commit-
lccs choscn from Edward Eldrc
[’(Illcl‘ Club, Kappa Delta Rho, and
Kappa 13cm, are 11:, follows: arrange-
ments, Albert Architzcl, Leonard
l<‘rI'cdlzIndcr and Denis Pcpcr, jun-
iors: sports, Frank Quattrocchi, ’39,
Willard Framan and Gcorgc I-"vtr-
son, sophomores; door, Walter Harp-
cr. ‘40, Merrill Walrath, ‘41, and
Harold Flustcr, '39; cntcrtaiI'IInCIIi,
.Joscph Boslcy, Charles Walsh and
ficrbcri. Frankel, juniors; speakers,
Nahum Lewis, ‘38, Dunton Tynan,
'39. and Otto J. Howe, '40; invita—
tions, I’lcnry Grocn, '38, Ray Walters,
‘35), and Dave Smith, ‘30; clean-up,
Wlllllllll Hallcr, Roy MCCl'L‘fll‘y,
lrcshuu-II, and Harry Bcrgstcin, ’39;
wnucrs. Stcvc Bull, ’41, Larry Bulog
and llnskcll Roscnbcrg, sophomores:
dccorulions, Dnnicl Buccf ‘41, John
Shcurcr and Leonard Kowulsky,
sophomores.

lloIlol'nI'y lI'uch'nlly and faculty
IIII-Inbcrs invilcd urc: Dr. Abram R.
ih'ubnchcr, Dr. Milton (i. Nclson, Dr,
William M. li‘rcnch, Dr. Ralph Bcnv-
or, Dr. l‘illl‘l ll, South, Mr. Dork Tics—
ch1, in: Harry Hastings, Dr. Thomp—

2

son. Dr. J. Allcn flicks, Dr. Frederick,

Mr, llidlcy, Mr. Ilurdy, l’I'of_ York,
ih‘. Donald V. Smith, l)l’. Moose, U1".
liturl .l. Dorwuldt, Dr. Power, Dr.
Uluuncn. Mr. l‘illlol. G. llatl'lcld.

1941 Will Comic—ct
First Class Banquet

'l‘llc Irishman class will conduct u
bunqucl lo lnkc plucc 'l‘hursduy‘
Aprll illl, from 5:00 to 15:00 o'clock in
lhc collclzc culcch'iu, according lo

Hillll HIIIIIII. prcsldclil, (If lllc cluss.

l‘hI:. \vIll bc llll' lirsl bnnqucl for lhc

i‘lllhh ill Ili‘ll.

’l‘lu- I.',lll'.‘.l.\' ul lhc buIIqucl. will bc:

l)r Ain'qu R. llrubuchcr, prcsidcul
oi Ilu- collcuc. l)I‘ Milton (i, N131»
non, dcun oi lln- collcuc, llllll Miss
lll‘ll‘ll llllll

Morclnlui. dcun of

would "chId Io rcducc llu- gcncrulHump-n

fund winch has Includcd In 11 all tho»

cxpcInms o1 illl‘ sluic, would i'llllhl' pus

WlllIuIII ihophy, jgcncrul (‘llilll'lilillll
unuounccd lhc conuniliccs

uli Incrcusc ol Mlllll' olllcr Ins, und ithch will lu-lp in lhc urruIIchncIIls:

Would cslulihsh u liuIcuurIwI‘ucy iII
slulc ;(i\‘(’l'llllli’lll " '
li'ollowuu,’ lhc (it'llllil' oII lhc l'i'hn—

l‘llll‘l'llllllllll‘lll, llurburn F‘crrcc;
llll'llll, llclcu l’owm's and Howard
lVch'I'luIn,

Invitations, Roy Mc—

lulions, Spcukcr l“ricd|uudcr uII- Crmrj. dccol'uilons, William Mlllcr;

IIouIIccd u plun Ior "lobbying" nl

pIIblu-Ily, lI'cIlc l’ouor and Merrill

tho conVI-nllon and uskcd for student wiilrnlh; lickcls, Virginia Mchr-

volunlccl's lo Ii:.:.l.~.l ill contacting
dclcgnics in ordcr Io sccurc favor—
able. ucllou upon Issues aboul which'

Inoll

'i‘lu- pl‘ll‘c will bc 00 ccnls pcr pcr—

Mill. All l‘rcshmcu who WIsh to ut-

the college studcnls have expressed li‘lltl. plcusc sign up on the main

their opinion.

lhullclin board.

Miss Sullivan was secretary last year and is

elation. Kelly was treasurer last year and is now president of the class.

[Liliﬁms unseat“
I Ruth Sawyer Durand

Authority on Children's Books
To Speak Here Tomorrow

The department of librarianship
will present Ruth Sawyer Durand in
a program of story—telling as an in-
troduction to reading, in Page hall
auditorium, tomorrow at 2:30
o'clock, according to Miss Martha
Pritchard, head of the department
of librarianship.

Miss Sawyer, Mrs, Albert Durand
of Ithaca, has had many years of
cxpcricnce in story-telling and col-
lcciing folk-lore in Cuba_ Ireland,
and Spain. Her most famous book.
Hollcr Simics, was awarded in 1937
the John Newbcry medal for the
most distinguished contribution to
AIncrican literature for children.
She is vitally interested in the prob-
lems oi“ the parents and teachers,
whom she urges to allow children
"more freedom to know about life,
l'rccdom to read books about life, and
frccdom to know all kinds 01' peo-
plc.”

Miss Sawyer is a rare entertainer.
l-lcr keen sense of humor, her gru-
clous personality, and her friendly
lntcrcst in people combine to make
hcr program one of enjoyment and
value for parents, teachers and 11-
brarians.

This program, of special signifi-
cancc for all State college students.
will uppcul especially to practice
tcnchcrs who will i'lnd here I‘cal
'aiuc and inspiration for their work.

Admission is fifty cents, twenty-
five ccnts to student tax holders. All

brnry office. room 38, Richardson.
This program will also be of spcclnl

the story tolling technique and othcr
vuluablc aids.

 

Long about chucsduy lust, your;
rcporlcr, undcr lhc lnflIIchc of thch
balmy \vculhcr that had bccn wuft-j
1m; hillIcr and you, dccidcd to see
If he was ulonc in his upprcciuilon
of Nuturc's liltlc Inn'uclcs. The only
way In do it wus by question . . . so
tllc qucry: "What docs Spring do
lo your soul?"

Just us \vc thought of it. Jim

(,‘Iunpbcll sicppcd over In suy that It I
lllllill' llllll want to go “out in the sun
and soak." Victim IIuInbcr two was
lhll llyun. l'lis fccllugs . . , "Nothing
Illllll'll, l’m so (loud I'm not, cvcni
illunking uhqu ll."
, A Hip Io lhc IIIuIlbox ncltcd us
,Murphy and l\’lil_\'('()('li. Murph slin—
|l('l'l‘(l coyly us lic l'i‘|)ll(‘ll‘ "I don't
know \\‘lnil II 1:: hill 1 likc ll." "Mc,
loo," uddcd .loj‘cc and unolhcr chap—
lcr lll our book of Spring wus coni-
plclc

liown III lhc Ct)lllllll)lln, Wc met up
wuh Rcd Murray who was glad he
could now hung out windows llcrnic
Lumbcrlon, sly lltllc licrnic, looked
up and coocd, "1 think this is for
lllc News; l won‘l lulkl" whereupon
the l‘lllilll’llt Howard 01' lhc Yorke
qqupcd, "lhut was it pclly l‘L‘lllill'k 1”
Another punstcr, Rund by name, be-
spoke the fact that his soul was

 

 

 

 

Alumni Association
To Have Luncheon
Richard Cox and John Edge

Will Address Members
In The Afternoon

 

 

 

The Eastern branch of the State
College Alumni Association will con—
duct its luncheon tomorrow after-
noon ul. 1:15 o'clock in the dining
room of the Alumni Residence hall.

Lawrence Newcomb, '31, will be
tonstmasicr and will introduce the
speaker who will be Mrs. Lamont
Hodge, ’17_ who will speak on con-
ditions in Spain as she saw them
last year in her trip around the
world. Mrs. Hodge is the former D.
Emma Wilbur.

Marlon Hcmslrcct, ‘20, president
of this branch, will prcsido at the
busincss Inccling, at which plans will
be discusscd for the card party to be
givcn at lhc Alumni Rcsidcncc hall
on April 29.

A meeting of the Gradua tc Coun~
oil of thc gcncral Alumni Associa-
tion, which consists of officers of“ the
association and I‘cprcscntatlvcs of
cnch alumni class, will be conducted
This council is very interested in the
prcscnt college life. Two repres—
cnlntivcs oi' the student body will
address the meeting. Richard Cox,

 

I'cqucsis should be made to the Li—,

‘lookcil oul. Iulo illc voId und slum-I

'38, member of Myskania and head
of [he Dorm Drive fund, will speak
on the Rcsldcncc Hall campaign, in
relation to tho class of 1938; John
Educ, ‘39. will speak on college
nctivlllcs.

A rcporl will bc givcn on the plans
l'or Alumni Day, which is June ill,

hclp to sludcnls in the librarianship , by tho Alumni Day chairman, Mur—
courscs, for Miss Suwycr will cxpluin ,

Ion Bollo Worlh, '30 The Alumni
(Quartcrly will also go to prcss lhis
wcck.

Spring Song Sends State ’8 Souls
Soaring Skyward In Sour Solos

"l'llllllllll; ol'cr with scdhncul.."

’l‘ln-II cmnc llIrcc rebuffs In our
spring l‘cvcr Iplcst Porclno, Sullivan
11'“ Rita) and our IIclghboI' of the
Lion, Miss Purshuli, all said, "Nuth-
III'."

Still uuduunlcd, wc curricd the.
qucslion lo classes. Wullcrs lllﬁlSl.L‘(l,i
“ll. Inukcs my soul vlbrnlc." I-lny-i

,lord only fcll “cffcrvcschu," lioslcyi

Incrcd, “Oh gosh! It Inukc Inc flut-l
ch'i" I
()ur durnlflcd uIId scdulc Ml'.
llcllhllllll‘l- shockcd us lo llic quick
\vhcn hc rcspondcd cquhuiicully,1
"1 how no soul!” lllll lh'udl wasI
cquully cynical \l'llll, "ll. hasn'l hIId
lunc in work on llu' ycl." (iIIl'i'ncy
Illslhll'li lhul. Wu dcllnc sprIng for
llllll. but ho had us ihcrc. Murcici
(frIsl lookcd up from 11 Incss of Pcdi
rcccipls lo multcr, “1 don’t wunt to'
bc ucslhcllc."

'l‘hc final blow (‘llllll‘ when we
wulkcd in lo surprise clllltll‘ Wolzok
and our qucry was met wllh, “Wcll,
l'vc Just got in somc sulphur and
Inolnsscs." 'l‘lnu sunnich up Slulc’s
rcccpllou to Spring III II nutshell.
()ur figures show lhul lwo out of'
[Moo l'uvor Ihc balmy brcczcs wc'vcf
bccn cnjoylng, and tho olhcrs urc,l
well, i guess they just are!

‘ “Tm-.snwm , H I

Paul; ‘

Signum Laudis 
To Have Dinner

Mollenkopf, Natcli, Moose
To Direct Arrangements
For Dinner at Keeler’a

 

Signum Laudis will conduct a
dinner banquet on Saturday night,
April 9, at 6:00 o’clock at Keeler's
restaurant, according to William
Mollenkopf, ’38, president of the or-
ganization. The committee in charge
of the arrangements consists of Dr.
Carleton Moose, assistant professor
and supervisor in science, A. J. Nat-
011 and Ruth Thompson, seniors.

The guest speaker for the evening
will be Dr. Harlan H. Hornet, as-
sistant commissioner for higher edu-
cation, of the State Education de-
partmcnt. Dr. Abram R. Brubach-
cr, president of the college, will in-
duct thc eighteen recently named
candidates into the membership of
the society. Dr. Harold W. Thomp-
lson, professor of English, and one
iof the founders of the society, will
give, in his own interesting way.
statistics on the records of these new
members.

Slgnum Laudis is the senior honor
scholastic society of State college. In
October 01' each year the highest
49; of the class are named as mem-
bers of the society. The person hav-
ing the highest scholastic average
for the previous three years becomes
president of Signum Laudis. In
March, 18 more Inembcrs, 6% of the
class are named, providing, however,
that the average of each shall be 2.
or above.

Speaker for the first semester's
group of twolve students, will be
William Bradt, who will welcome the
new members. The twelve are: Wil-
lllllll Mollenkopf, president; William
Bradt, Helen Callenius, Elizabeth
Christen, Dorothy Clapp, Herbert
Drooz, I. Elllen MacDougail, A. Jo-
seph Natoli, Harold Reissig, Cecelia
Sullivan, Margaret Takacs, and
Ruth Thompson,

Speaker for the recently named
group of eighteen students will be
Miss Helen Williams, who will reply
to Bradt’s welcome. The new stu-
dents arc: Alice Bennett, Rose Ber-
kowitz, Edith Cutting, Warren Dens-
Inorc, Benedict Hall, Elda Hayes,
Dorothy Hunter, Kirkland Irvis, An-
na Joscfck, Mildred Klacs, Rose
Kurkhill. Elsie Miller, Marjory Pang-
burn, Florence Ringrosc, Muriel
Stewart, Gwcneira Williams, Helen
Williams and Florence Zalklnd.

The Faculty who will attend the
banquet are: Dr. A. R. Brubacher,
president of the college; Dr, Harold
W. Thompson_ professor of English;
Dr. Ralph Bcuvcr, assistant profes-
sor of mnthcnmtics; Dr. William M.
Frcnch, instructor in education, and
Mrs. F‘rcnch; Miss Agnes E. Futter-
cI', ussIslunt pl'Ol'erOl' OI English;
[Dr Carlton Moose, assistant pro-
l'cssor and supervisor in science;
Miss Catherine Walsh Pcllz, instruc-
tor in English; Dr. Margaret D.
13cm, instructor in chemistry; Mr.
.John J. Slurm, instructor in chem-
;Islry; Miss Edith Wallace, assistant
;pI'ofcssor of Latin; Miss Marlon
,‘Chcscbrough, instructor in Latin:
[Miss Mary Rilcy, instructor in eco-
nomics; and Miss Evelyn Wells, sup-
cI'vlsor in French.

 

 

 

For Spring

 

Skirts in light weight wool crepe
All high shades

$ 1 . .98

U 0 O
lilouscs iII Crepes, Sheena.
Slniniungs and Linch

$1.00 -. 1.98
New String Hwontcrs—ull alludes
if I .00
(lcnuine French Angora Sweaters
if [.98

MADISON’S

"Bauer Specialty Shop"
:zsi CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY

 

 

 

