  

 

 

 

 

Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws’

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O‘Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzl, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIEINB BY

National Advertising Service, lnc.
College Publisher: Representative
420'MADI50N AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' EOETDN ' L03 AHEILII I SAN FRANCISCO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

EDGAR B. O'HouA .. ., .. .. . .  .  .. Editor-in-Chief
JEAN STsouc ..  .. ._  . Oo-E’ditor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. Hourwm  Managing Editor
OTTO J. Howe ,  . Assoctatc Managing Editor
LEONARD E. Kowusu v . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Yoiruc  . Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. Bum  .. Business Manager
JOAN M. vam .  Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTlOlJNE .. .  Circulation Manager

    
  

 

 

THE NEWS STAFF

 Men’s Sports Editor
. Women’s Sports Editor
. Assistant Sports Editor
.. Assistant Sports Editor

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettlnger, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmore Melanson, Charles Walsh, Alice
Bartlow, Robert Cogger, Saul Greenwald
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager .............. .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager .............. .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ................ .. Mary Gabriel
Business Staff
Marlon Ayotte, Ray Carroll, Elizabeth Donahue, Nor-
man Levy, Miriam Newell, Betty Parrott, Enes
Novelli, Madeline Scesny. Catherine Schafer

When War Comes —

“Let the gentlemen of Europe light und if they pny ensh,
see how low.' It will lust . . .

Charles Franklin
Betty Clark .. ,

William Ryan . .,
Joseph Bosley , 

 

 

why not he renllsls'.”
lleniingwuy.

When war comes and it will come, if
not this week or this month—at least soon.
Powder keg cannot be piled upon powder
keg in a cloud-filled, smoking room without

some match setting off the blast. And
when war comes shall America’s brass

bands start our feet marching—shall we
save democracy or shall we save ourselves?
During the last European war we ended
oppression of downtrodden peoples and
gave them great libc‘ators named Hitler
and Mussolini. We aided our friends with
money which we never collected because
we were afraid we’d lose their friendship
if we demanded payment. Men gave up
their lives, their limbs and high wages and
received in return a depression that so
saddled the people with debt that the
veterans had great difficulty collecting a
small bonus.

So, in this next European war—do we
believe that we can right all the world’s
wrongs? The correct answer is NO—
becausc we should realize this time that
war is not the way to accomplish anything
constructive. The most that any war can
give is a little temporary prosperity. Let’s
be sensible this time. Let's be realisis ——
not (.‘hamlierlain stop-gap rcalists but com-
mon sense bed-rock rcalisfs. When war
comes, let us soil to both Sitiifﬁ—fith‘l’l—ll)‘
cash we mean gold, Then when they need
ships to transport their goods let us not
endanger the lives of Amcri'uns but let
us sell them good cheap shipsw~ulso (f. O. l).
Then, when this policy leads to sabotage We
need not Worry because We are. insured, and
when ships are sunk we do not declare a
Wul'lif'l'fo (ellfcrg'cflcy but we build them new
ships———cash on the lino.

Under this system how long do you
think such a war will last? As long as
Europe has cash, and although she is ‘Iong
on hato she is short on gold.‘

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, Slill’lelb/lBER 30, [938

 

Prim Ped Pictures

 

 

Commentstater

(THE COMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column, though his view-
points (to not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE NEWS.)

Elsewhere in this issue will be found a story which
states that senior Pcdagogue and agency pictures will
be taken next week. However, although the story tells
the time, place, and cost, the more important facts
were omitted. It was not an oversight on the part of
the editorial staff. It was merely an omission caused
by our adherence to the old journalistic rule of ab-
staining from expressing personal opinions in our
news stories.

The vital facts are these, and We hope that every
senior will take them very much to heart. It is im-
portant that your pictures be good for two reasons:
firstly, you want a good picture in the college yearbook,
but secondly, you want a good picture for the Appoint-
ment bureau when teacher-hiring time comes around.
The Pcdagogue staff has contracted an expert photo-
grapher, but he cannot do a superior job without your
cooperation. By cooperation We mean making your
appointment early, and arriving in plenty of time.

Our parting information is that the old slogan
“Clothes make the man"——or woman—still holds good.
It is not unusual for the agency picture to be the deter-
mining factor fn a student-teacher’s securing a position,
and so We give you these hints about your attire. Wear
something that does not detract from your face—plaid
ties and polka-dot dresses do not come under this
heading. So, wear something that will look smart
from the waist up, and will show you at your best in a
photograph.

We'll be checking up on you when the pictures
come in, and if we see any “outlandish rigs," you won't
be as smart as We think you are.

41 Ali :t‘ A! >l(

 

We Were looking over an essay written by William
Allen White and published in the STATE Columns News
in 1923. The title was “Why College Students Are
Stupid.” and we were so interested by that that we
read on. The closing paragraph was particularly con—
clemning. We quote, “But just now the college is the
hath of a lot 0f leather-necked, brass—lunged, money—
spending snobs who rush around the campus snubblng
the few choice spirits who come to college to seek out
reason and the will of God."

Our conclusion is that Mr. White got out of bed
on the wrong side that morning or that Limes have
changed considerably since 1023, becailsc we are of
the opinion that State College students are consider-
ably different from this none-too-flattering picture of
the college student. Our conclusions are based on the
fact that State students have taken upon themselves
the responsibility of informing themselves about our
own government through the Constitutional Assembly;
the fact that Freshman commission has been formed
to help orientate students and tutor them in the social
graces, and that everywhere there are evidences of
worthwhile activity.

We respect Mr. Whitc as a man of great ability,
but we are forced to Lake a firm stand against this
indictment of the college student, and sponsor our
own stand for tile collcgian, 1938 model. Are we justl-
fled?

Boo/e of the Week:
Character Portraits

Long Valley by John Steinbeck, Viking Press, New

York, 303 pages, $2.50.

(On sale at the co-op)

Somehow, when one reads a collection of short
stories written by one of the most promising American
authors, who takes pride in minutely analyzing and
portraying details of men as well us animals, those
stories leap from the printed page and influmc the
imagination with actual contrasts.

’f‘hroughout the volume Steinbeck demonstrates his
personal contncL with the Saline. Vullcy land of Cull-
fornin. Hcl'c are found childhood portrayals, happy and
free. us well as forceful accounts of natural struggles,
hardships, and uccuf'utc descriptions of violence. Por-
fruits of pcusulils, f'urinwivcs, workers in loaf all
classes of people uf'c given With genuine. truth and on
unforucfnblc vivid qualify. The dramas of class struggle,
pictures of hangings, gruesoun- hardness. and of sociul
bchuwor show our present life.

From [his mulcrlnl, a group of short stories cnfilled
"ltcd l’ony," which deals With the growth of at small
boy, Jody, in n Sulliui Vullcy form, are n porlion of his
best. works. These are stories of a child, uny ordnuu'y
form boy, who was extremely sensitive to unimul lilo
about him. The smell and feel of the farmyard, flu.-
siablcs, the corral, lhc pigsly, the mountains. the skies,
the vivid nights, Mfl‘lll to be actually lived through
Then came the tragedies of his adolescent life, the
death of his pets, which lend on air of sincerity that
strikes the heart of flu.- rcndcr. As the stories unfold
concisely the reader cannot help feeling and experi-
encing all the homey scenes.

Personal
Viewpoints

(EGO is given the widest lati-
tude as author of this column,
though. his viewpoints do not
necessarily alum/s reflect Ihosc
of the STATE Common NEws.)

Well, Well, well, and—well! It
secmcth that the old Egomaniac was
right again . . . Not so much in-
convenience in the Commons We
mean. But We think that someone
should take it upon himself to push
back the tables at noon time . . .
or don't you think so, vic commit-
tee?

And are we going to have the
dancing classes this year? From
the look of the crowd on the bal-
cony at noon, there are quite a few
42ers who would be glad to get the
chance for a few lessons in the light
fantastic.

Welcome news We mean that
motion to get a new Vic. The disc
rhythms emanating from our present
veteran make even the gutbucket-
est sound corny.

Ahoy, the Lounge committee!
Seems to us that the frosh would like
to know that there is some place be-
sides the Commons to spend their
leisure time. And are We going to
have any of those swell teas that we

 

And cookies?

One of our embryonic traditions,
if we can call it such, got under
way this week. Last year, concur-
rently with the State assembly, State
college had its own constitutional
assembly. This year it has been
decided to continue the good work
they started.

The assembly is doing a ﬁne
job both for themselves and for
State college. Let's get behind them
all the way.

With a ﬁnal bit of Swingology
your servant would call to the jit-
tcrbugs especially among the fresh,
to take a look at what the Capl-
tal district offers this year in the
way of musical entertainment.
Weekends are especially busy what
with three or four bands being the
average. We just thought we'd men-
lion this new asset that the area
seems to haVc tukcn unto itself.
Adios.

EGO

 

Hellen ics

 

The Greeks had a word for it.
and we‘re going to pass it on.

Sorority ncwsl!

Florence Nclbnch and Stella
Sumpson, both of last year's
class, were week—end visitors of
Psi Gmmna.

AEPhi had its share of com-
pany with Ruth Cohen, '33, Lois
Kruus, ‘37, Lilliun Biskin, '36.
Esther Calm and Arlene Musson
of the class of '35. AEPhi also
announces the marriage of Mar—
tha Rolnick, ‘37, to Max Plot-
nlch of Union.

An addition to the murringc
list wus given by Delta Omcgn
with the announcement of the
nuu'rfugc of Ethel Zotz, '33, to
Herbert Wilkin of Red Hook. DO
ulso announces that it recently
pledged Mury Koonz, Miriam
Tick, and Sully Young, juniors.
Irma Anderson and Martha
Conger, class of '38, and Judy
Fish-r. ’32. were nillllfs who rc—
spondcd to the Welcome sign
which was hung out over the
weekend

(lummu Kup announces three
nnirrluges during the summer:
Arlene Smith, '37, to Benjamin
Yugcr; Jnncf (lnrncy, ’30, 1o
(.‘urlfs Sluuri; und Mm‘ion Micr—
zck, '34, to Paul llulgcr, 'Ilu.
Isabelle MCUOWqu, '37, weekend—
ed there.

[’1' Alpha 'l‘uu proudly nu
llolfliccs that if has moved to if
new house. bigger and both-r
zu. 533 Myrtle Arcnue. A house-
wm'ming wns held Friday nughl
lo appropriately (-clcln'utc the
(‘\'t‘ili.

The Pill Ilclfs give notice of
two murrlugch: Muf‘lon Young,
‘liff, I.o ()lnrcncc ltcucun of finn—
dolph; und Hint. of Eugenie flu-7.
Roberts, ’3], to Charles l’hclps
Curtcr of Syracuse.

We’ll close the guest book wuh
the names of the weekend visi-
tors of Alpha llho: Emma 'l'cir
blod, '34, Phyllis Vermllyca, ’37,

 

and Vlvlun Salisbury, ’38.

seem to remember from years past?,

 

Statesman

 

scholarship and salesman

“Sure, sure. That‘s the book. Same
text every year. Only book I used,
Hugh. Oh, I gotta  Well . . . a
buck an' a half. Paid two an’ a
quarter. Huh? Oh sure . . . swell
condition. Hardly been opened.

patience, please

Let’s cut out all this silly talk
about who is or who are me, States-
man 1938-39. You'd never guess!
And it’s dangerous: take Bill (Gul-
llble) Dorrance. He knew who
Statesman was. A big man from
College House~Dorrance got it from
someone in the “know.” Dorrance,
according to present conditions, will
appear Moving-up day in almost
full-dress: formal without pants.

chatter

Will someone put down the win-
dow? I feel a draft coming on: the
kind that blows you six feet under.
Freshman Primer: “All gall is
divided into three parts; sarcasm,
conceit, and over-worldllncss." Looks
like there will be feud for thought
when Lion hits the press. After that
Activities day scoop the Den, which
we admit was good, the King of the
Jumble will probably be pretty cocky.
. . . Are Bosley and Murphy gonna
drift all year again — everybody's
sweethearts? Have you seen the
dorm's unusual ﬂoor? It makes new
sport out of dancing, what with two
four inch humps streaking across the
hall. . . . If you go to look at ARH's
ﬁoor, see if you can't manage a peek
at SLS's new home, remodeled and
just dandy.

local purge

It looks as if Statesman would be
shoving his copy under the Activities
Office door, what with all the big
whig‘s totin' keys and pledged to
preserve the sanctity of the A. O.
No loafing, no loving, only workers
admitted. f?) Serve 'em right if the
library moved in; then, like the
humble Commons folk, they have
stacks of fun

bonfire reflections

Hc hunted everywhere. Hc scanned
and searched. He found her, Be
,asde her. Shc said yes. Laurel-

,laden Lonsdalc looks to be batting

 

‘ lhigh in the Betty Blll'kc league. and

she’s a better—flulu—average debu-
f'rosh.
l “On a bicycle built for two." Hay-
if‘ord and Sullivan got taken for
[rides on u double-scutcr bikc, pre—
fcccding. respectively. Rand and
Kelly. “Pedal your own. . . 

So long . . , and stop being dull.
:Thcrc's no scandal,
THE MAN OF STATE

Appointment

1 Bureau
i 
l

 

 

 

On Monday, piiofogruphcrs will be
‘ut State college to hike pictures for
Ithc agency and for the I’m/agogm,
‘Lhc senior y ‘urbook, Two dollars
will be fhc price for both the Pod
picture and a dozen agency pictures.
flfor further lnformntion and hints
about the picturcs please road the
Coinmcutstufcr.i

Paul Bulgcr, secretary of the Ap-
inlflLlllCllt Burcuu, announces that
there Will be a meeting for seniors
and graduate students Thursdny in
Room 20 of Richardson hall of 4:30
o'clock to discuss registration with
Vihc burcuu, pictures, and pluccnu'ni
jproblcms.

Seniors mny also check on letters
of l't‘il'l'f’ilf't‘ in [he Appofnlmcnl
liurcuu office, ltooms 121A and ii.
Milne, of any time.

The Appointment
hounces flint the
secured positions:

l)u\'ld Kronun, '31"), Schcucrludy.
mulhcnndlcs; lit-lly (iregory, (toru-
mg, English; (loklu' Welnfrnub, '33
Hudson, public library; .loscphiuc
Mnurfcc, 'Ifff, l't‘i‘lihklll, commerce;
Hill'iJJII Affililoll, 'Iifl, It'urnmfgilulo
Agriculture school. N. Y. A; Anon
Joscfek, '30, University of Wisconsin,
(:ci'mun scholm‘slup; Kulllel'lllt‘
‘Wlllitrlull'fl, Wushiuglou. l). (,1, ('l\’ll
:».erv1cc; llclcn (l'llricn ‘33 fling—
‘lnunfon, English. '

Burcnu un-
following have

To Receive Faculty
_l)r. A. it. Ilrubuchrr, president of
Slutc‘collcgc, will conduct u recep-
tion for the college faculty Wednes—
day evening in life Lounge of Rich—
urdson hall from 3:00 to 1000
o'clock. I

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, Slill’l‘lrlh/l BER 3o, 1933

Page 3

 

 

Brass

Knuckles

 

 

C. F. F.

In today's issue of the NEWs there
appears a cut of two devotees of
State's short jeans sport of the fall
season. Quite a picture, this sug-
gestion of a couple of muscle bound
lads ready to start out on a tour
of destruction on some presuming
opponent.

But there‘s still something very
disturbing about the darned thing
to our misguided conception of what
a picture should really be.

Both Tony and Johnny are very
intent on training for the coming
campaign as they rightfully should
be. Alnt nothin’ wrong in that.

The picture was taken in Wash-
ington park, the home territory for
states squabblcs with foreigners.

Look closer fellows, we're not kid-
ding, there really is something
wrong. To coin a new phrase,
there's a negro in the molasses bar-
rel. This elusive demon is something
we've been trying to get hold of
for quite some time now.

Subject for this lofty panorama
is the subject of the picture.

Football

At present there are four varsity
sports at college. Counting on the
ﬁrst four fingers of the left hand
they read Cross Country, Basket-
ball, Tennis, and Baseball.

Which l~uds us directly into an-
other platform. This one is con-
cerned with something quite out of
the field of philosophy however, so
don‘t get the jitters.

This one is a simple little matter
called sports. , . . We are concerned
with :1 double bone here, no less.

Number one on the list of bones
is the major interest of most major
colleges long about now . . . Foot-
ball.

One upon a time there existed an
unofficial undergrluluafc pigskin
toting organization known as sonic-
thing likc'llic "Red Raiders." That
was, if memory serves us correctly,
long about the early twenties.

Sundry Inlcs have drilled down
about than enterprising orgunizufion,
A trip to ll, 1’. I. with thoughts of
insufficiciu equipment. no coaching,

 

 

and a muddy field confronting the

class-bound resulted in a defeat by
a not too large margin.

Then there were other games

played on ihc focal mcsus of Albany
. with unyihlng and anyone who
could put up u struggle.

When- fhe gridiron goblins have
gone does. not come down as part of
the nlmosl Iby this time) mythical
description, but Ihe spirit lingers on.

In other words We would like to
take up the ghost.

There fun. always been discussion

Tourney Begins

fCouncil tnresent Trophy
' To Winner of Matches
On Local Courts

Last Tuesday, State‘s fall intra-
mural tennis tournament sponsored
by the M. A. A. Intramural council
and under the direct and able super-

way on the Washington Park courts.

Approximately fifty-Six men have
entered the tournament which will
continue for six weeks. At the ter-

the winner, who will be the sole sur—
vivor after the sixth round of 1
matches, will be engraved on a goldl
trophy. The gold cup together with
other intramural trophies will be
placed in the intramural trophy case
which was recently acquired by
M. A. A. council.
Non-Varsity Men Only

Using the same system as last
year, the Intramural council has
limited the contestants to non-var-
sity men.

The ﬁrst round which began last
Tuesday, and which consists of a
total of twenty-eight matches has
had Tuesday of next week ﬁxed as
the deadline for all matches to be
played. The second, third, and
fourth rounds will also be allowed
one week each to ﬁnish their respec-
live matches. The result of the ﬁlth
round, consisting of two semi-ﬁnal
matches, will leave two men quali-
ﬁed for the ﬁnal match to determine
the ultimate winner of the fall tour—
|nament.

Urge Quick Play—Oil
This tennis tournament is one of

vision of Dan Bucci, '41, swung under:

mlnatlon of that time, the name of!

intramural Net lState Harriers Prepare

W. A. A. President

,1 For Coming Encounter Releases Autumn

 

i

f
I

3‘

ing for their first battle with Delhi.

by Jim Maloney

State college will initiate its fifth
active season of varsity competition
in cross country on October 29 when
the purple and gold aggregation tan-
gles with Delhi on the Aggies' course.

The only other deﬁnitely scheduled
meet, Captain Tony Wilczynskl, '39,
reports, will be held here on Nov. 19
against a new adversary, Morrisville
Agricultural college. A third en-
counter. tentatively listed for either
November 5 or November 12, will see
the Feds playing host to another new
rival, Alfred.

 

the several fall sports which the
Intramural council is offering to the
men of State. Tth year the coun-
cil hopes that those men who have
:signcd up to take an active part in
{the tournament will be more faithful

 

and more prompt in playing off their .

respective matches than those men
.'who constituted last year's tennis
‘fournamcnt.

“ Because of the faith which M.A.A.
{council has in flux success of this
if'ull's program, it has purchased a

igold trophy to be set up as the

premium for the lwst of“ the
rucqucltcms.

:lunioriAlEnd
Hockey Meeting

l
i
"there‘s a place for every woman
Iund every woman has her place on a
lhockcy feuiii“~~"’f‘hc thing to do in,
"hockcy is to slop, fake it with you.l

 

Bard college, over which Slate
.holds a record of three straight. wins
fin us many encounters, will be dch

 

Fall Season

Bathing
and
B - - - - ing
B. C.

 

 

’l‘ony Wilczynski, captain of cross-country, and Johnny Neuhs, train-

 

Vnitely off the State schedule this

season. It is reported that Bard, in
an effort to increase its intramural
sports, has found it necessary to
correspondingly lessen its intercol-
legiate program. In this connection,
cross country competition has been‘
entirely eliminated.

The Delhi-State run this season
will be the ﬁfth annual trot between
fthe 01d rivals, State's record against
the Aggies thus far reads one victory
against three defeats. In last sea-
son‘s meeting, Delhi emerged the
victor of a closely run race to the
tune of 20-35.

Veteran lettermen returning to
service this year include Tony Wil-
»czynski. and Walt Russ, seniors, and
Louis Franccllo, ‘40. These three will
lform the nucleus of the new line-up.

 

Sports—Sc—lmdule

Ambitious Program Includes
Soccer, Hockey, Tennis,
and Camp Weekend

W. A. A. sported a new fall pro-
gram this week, giving athletic en-
thusiasts a varied array of sports
from which to choose.

The dorm ﬁeld having obllgingly
washed its face, Marge Baird, ’40,
demonstrated to her classes the ﬁne
art of soccer. Weather co-operation
guarantees the present schedule,
which calls classes on Tuesday and
Thursday from 3:30 to 5:15 o’clock.

Louise Hessney, ’40, took over com-
mand on the ﬁeld of battle on Mon-
day, Wednesday and Friday, teach-
ing the fresh that a hockey stick
was not an instrument of torture.
The periods are from 3:30 to 5:15

o'clock. with classroom instruction

in case of rain. During the hockey
season, which lasts six weeks, games
have been scheduled between the
fresh and Milne, the sophs and frosh,
and, on Campus day, the sophs and
seniors against the frosh and juniors.
A hockey conference is to be called
on October 29.
Archery and Bowling

Also on the dorm ﬁeld, but, thanks
to a kind Providence, 3. different sec-
tion, Grace Moon, ’41, captain of
archery, showed her men in green
the general location of the wander-
ing target. Archery classes are con-
ducted on Monday, Wednesday and
Thursday, from 3:30 to 5:15 o’clock.
Credit is given by hours, with a
tournament threatening at the end
of the season.

Under co-captains Kay Adams and
Hal Green, seniors, the balls were
set a rolling at the Rice Alleys. The
periods for bowling are slated for
Tuesday and Thursday from (you

 

Wilczynski has announced that
grcgular competition for varsity
berths will get under way immedi—
'utcly after the completion of the re-
quired physical examinations.

'l‘ruining has already started for
lhc long distance athletes with daily
practice carrying through on the
Washington park course. Pictured
‘nt the start of working out some

kinks on the home battle-grounds

50111511. Slimsh " N95. “'9'” mm" are ‘npfuin Tony Wilczynski and his

.ming at Bath N0. 3, In spilc of the pacer, Johnny Neuhs‘ v39.

drab sound of "Bath N0. 3." it's

Ncuhs
has been practicing for several weeks

guessed it!) 3:30 to 5:15 o’clock.
Net Sports Begin

1 Gang warfare between those two
irackcts, badminton and tennisl Jin-
lny Elson, '40, put her badminton
lclasscs through nmncuvers in the
igym during the scheduled periods
ion Tuesday and Thursday, from 3:30
to 5:15 o'clock. ,

Meanwhile, at a safe distance in
;Washington Park, Olive Baird, ’41,
coached the tennis champs. No
periods have been scheduled for ten-
nis; frosh are advised to play he-
tw'ccn home work. Tournaments in

NIL/1H :1 Dice lJi'dCC- THU 10"k‘1'?‘ “1" under Tony‘s watchful tutelage aniline”, Sports Wm conclude me 593.

.hugc!

or 00111390. “101"? “1“” I “"1" according to the mentor, shows great ‘50“,

[diving boards—but, heck, who wants mmmspl

to dive. anyway? It's bud for sinus-
‘ ills.

use them, because the greatest depth

1 Program Features

Riding on Program

Horses and sea-horses had a

7' And besides if there \vcrc div-. pl, , ,  ,
. r . .. v . some this week, when iidin , un-
lxccpyour stick on the ground! ling boards, only lilo sluil'plcs could  ‘ g

(for the supervision of Doris Parlzot,
'40. and swimming under co-cap-

in the pool is only fire and one hull ‘
feel, Oh, yes, the pool is cleuu.
We realize that the facilities of the,

Tennis and Football

modern counlcrpm’t of the old \ivolvcsiii‘)wn “10 “0”” field this wel'k “"9 space was inilnitesinnil, and the

of the gridiron.
classnuln who is interested in sports.
Most of flu-m llud the whys and why
hols on the lips of their fingers at
one timi- or another.

We have nlwuys thought that foot-
bull could bc run off [Il‘lft‘llt'llllf/ and
that the [line is now.

Track

The ofhcr hcud on the bone is
of u genus closely rclutcd to cross
country. 'l‘ruck has ncvvr held it
candle lo the usual spotlight thrown
on football.

However. the facilities needed for
the establishnn-ut of :1 jump and run
squad are much more ensiiy oblulll—
ublc Io us. None of the hurdles
which are inherent in life slurting
of the push :md grunt business are
(liilil' so lol'i'i-llfl In ’l‘rnck.

The equipment necessary centers
in u few Inorc muscle bound fcf-
fous besides 'f'ony nnd Johnny il’ur-
don, fellowr-o ll puir of trunk», million,
and u jersey

l’lncc could be ob'nlncd m

I‘lliosc cutting phrases. here is their
chance to read and learn.

W. A. A. considers hockey such an
important part of its program that
each year two or three juniors are
,scnt to the National Hockey camp
.ln the Poconos. And Hockey cump~
‘ns conducted by Miss Applcbcc, one
of the most famous women in
[hockey is no tea—fight!

,I This year Louise Hessm-y, cup-
luin of hockey, and Virginia Mitchell,
ussistunl, juniors, attended camp
,wilh women from nil over the United
‘h'iililfs. Besides acquiring and learn-
ling how to use the above mentioned
lpiu‘ust's, they gained valuable play—
ing experience, and picked up in—
numerable different methods of
lconching. ’l‘hcy hnve initiated quite
at few of the new plans this week, bul.
silll have u lurge reserve of idcus
chI. One of flu- most rudicnl
changes is in the llll'llllltl of teaching
the founc to beginners, l’rcvkrls‘

lhc cnpfuins have had novices memorize~sfiful.cd.

Ask any uphcr~lw‘m‘m'lm4 Whch the” captain UL lickcr room a Turkish bath.

Now that you mention it, though.
We seem to remember some diving
bonrds down at that end of the pool,
and the depth at that point was eight
feet. Our diving entrants were nidcd
nnnu-usurcly by the coaching of the

diving instructrcss. But most. of the. , I I _
sixty people who Signed up [0,. “mp , touch football will begin wulun the
“mfg [0,. me coming 5.9m. mum ‘ next week. Larry Siruflner llus been,

and hit!" Jr the l'orLy'I'Hl?id liOCRCylpooi at the Jewish Community Con—3'
about the prospects of forming a “NM-5 “'1’” ilth‘ i300“1'”)!ng“inmd'uir were terribly inadequate. Lockir

i

lnlcrcst in the new intrmnural'
athletic program is being rcvculcdi
by the surprisingly large entry inf
the first sport item of flu- scuson,i
tennis. To date, a total of fifty-v
six men have blunks and contests
are expected to get under way im-f
mcdiatcly. i
'l‘ouch Football I
According to the latest reports}

 

specifically that they didn‘t wmu n. H's/ins l0 ucquire access of the cum-f

do anything but learn to swim. so 211W“ tili’un‘isvfm‘ “1050 (“OHU‘HW HOW-
shnllow pool seems to be quite the “"“fv HWY“ 15 (10111“ lilﬂi the lawns

thing. And the Bath is lll'lll' the
dorm.

will be used. Should intramural
council obtain their use, Strnttncrf

'1']... Wm.“ 1mm U“, Com“. m UH. feels certain that lntcresl in toucif‘

llzuh wus decided upon lust shrink. “mum” “'1” ink" “'“W'mb' “UMCS'IV

when the advisability of offering
swimming during the poorly ulr

Early Success Assured ‘
Since both lennls and touch foot-

icndcd winter season was .‘u‘l'lolfsly bull hold the spotlight everywhere, it

questioned. When the limit for lllls is almost u foregone conclusion that

year‘s progrum was set for two :.cn~ Ihesc two ucflvflics ut Stole will open

sons of swimming, the expense of

ill cxccllcnf style. It uppcurs certain

ohm-n full-yciu‘ mounmshfps :u llfc Hm! the new intramural fn'ocl'um

(‘ciucr was voted down, and lhc live-
doflnr-pcr-nilc-rutc ill the llulh sub.
Still. even our mediocre

mm“. “mm,” mm m“), ,,.41,,,.,],. (,lpflii).'ixig posifions und rules f.hor— uf'llllllft‘liC can reach flo olhcr con-

flu- \icnuly obluni llll‘ll'r.
winch ore of u for lesser More in [he
sun both by \nlln- of :.1/.c and sec—
ondnry l'fllflilfu; but not lnlcrcsf

A i'ollpli- of \curs uuo lhcrc wus
uh nppropfmfion scl usldc m the
:uudcnl :msoinufon budget for fool-
bull, \\'lll('ll nus never used. When
ll wus in, flow was cvory hope thul
llus might be Ihe beginning of stuff.
liut if. was drawn out. without be-
coming fruitlvv, probably with loss

imp, lime. 'l’hfs ycur's plun illiUWhi
ibrgnun-rs lo ploy and from rulcsl
'ul the .sunn- Iime, so (but. lhcy Willi
'ch lhc “feel” of the game whilc'
mastering the rudiments. ,

lluruui. lhc next llfl'oo \vccks, the,
:froshsjunior and soph—scnior tcums‘
‘will be given special attention, so
lhut the Campus duy game Will be
not only exciting, but good hockey
us Well. The following week will be.

 

fear than the shukmcss wilh which devoted to polishing up a team to

M. A. A. included it.
As to [lie future pul, ya got me.

shine at [he hockey conference at
Emmn Willard on October 29.

,M-hooh, joughly before pufimr, in any pluy-_cius1on lllilll the following: ’l no sin.

sons, cuch six Weeks ionic, ('(flllfln
twelve Weeks. 'l.‘Welvc Weeks oI .‘»\\llfl~
hung, two nights u week, equals
twenty—four flights of :.\\‘numnn,-
‘l‘wcnly-four limes five (tit-till“ l‘tjllflis
one hundred and lwrnty solid Ami-f:
icon dollars. Iv’ruu‘mbi'r that sum.
l"lll.ecll full year memberships of life
(lculcr, limos six dollars cqunls
ninety of the some dollars. One
hundred and Lchly dollars minus
ninety dollars equals thirty dollars.
So where are we? Yeah. right he—
hind the cightball.

will hnvc 21 successful llllllllllOil.

(too. I). Jeoney, Prop

Boulevard

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

and Grill

itulus Louisa Chapman and Dorothy
:Bcrkowitz, sophomores, were initi-
aled info the fall schedule. The
horses hide out at Anspach’s, on Fri-
day at 3:30 o'clock, and all day Sat-
urday. A new place has been dis-
covered for swimming—Bath No. 3,
on the corner of Central Avenue and
Ontario street. Swimming instruc—
[ion is given on Tuesday and Thurs-
day, from 8:00 to 10:00 o'clock. A
bath party, and also a mch with
Oncontu are on the list of plans.
That’s about all on the fall sports
list, according to Betty Allen, '39,
president of W. A, A. But Lotta
Bunkers insists on attention soon.
Indian Ladder Outing, set for Octo-
ber fl. and Camp Johnston weekend,
October 14-16, will introduce frosh
fo the organization,

ROTH PHOTO SERVICE
62 Robin Street
Agency l’iclurcs

 

Films Deriopi'd
30 Per l'riul

 

 

Dial 5-19l3

Cafeteria

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 “A; ’»" " ,  2 .x. : ..

 

 

 

 

