 

a!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 18, 1938

Page 44

 

Regina, Queen of State ’s Lasses
Rules Prom Night Pageantry

A f
i i of Janet to the darker tresses o

Amid the ‘ohs' and ahhhs of the Regina.
om assemblage the sped“ sound The girl with the royal name easily
depending upon the sex of the noise portrayed her part with regal grace

 

Spanish Club Will Meet

There will be a meeting of the
Spanish club on Thursday, Feburary
24, at 7:30 o’clock, in the Lounge,
according to an announcement by
Louis Weiss, '39, president. Enter-
tainment will consist of a skit pres-

Sophomores to Pay Dues
Attention all Sophomores! Dues
are overduel Room x will be open
on Monday and Wednesday, Feb-
ruary 21 and 23, and Monday and
Wednesday, February 26 and March
1, from 10:00 to 3:00 o'clock. Dues
may be paid to R. E. Fairbank. 40,
at any time.

EAT AT JOHN’S LUNCH
Dinners 25c and up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 AM. — 11:00 EM.
Opp. the High School

 

for her coronation in white
maker, Janet Dibble placed the gowned Her court attendants were

crown upon the head or her suC- lititlrigly fascinating in their gowns
cessor' Regina Murphy’ queen 0f the of grey net (Pearl Sandberg); purple
mutles Of ’39- chiffon (Chris Ades); white floweigég
The court of pulchritude was the taffetta, (Cgolyggrdflmttlce). r
sixth in the history of the school and 181131; (Eggphsywm his electea by
was by all comments one Of the her clsassmates, returned to the cus-
most beautified with three brunettes tom of wearing white wmch her
and one blonde acting as the atten- predecessor departed from last yea;
dents to her majesty. Carolyn when Miss Dibble wore a gown
Mattice was the sole blonde with black net. 1 me
Chris Ades, Betty Hayford and Pearl This is enough to lpfearigntlon
Sandberg composing the brunette WOTeg, gorstygzezlegﬁgu i: :he local
bevy for her comma- ijigswls-gapeils and the remaining in-

 
 
 

 

t m in syncopation of -
(Dims: tI‘ilifpliiiis Ila gmarch time the formation can be found in the Di

 

crown passed from the light locks rectory 

 

7 Every smoker remembers
with pleasure the day he found
out about Chesterﬁelds.

Chesterﬁelds give you a differ-
ent kind of smoking pleasure...

mildncss that’s more refreshing

taste that’s more satisfying

aroma that’s more appetizing

Mild ripe tobaccos and pure ciga-
rette paper, these Chesterﬁeld in-
gredients are the best a cigarette
can have. Chesterfields SA ’l‘lSlv‘l’

(iopynglii Will, lichen a Muir. Tour” u (,o.

      

   

  
 

  

ented by members, and will be fol-
lowed by refreshments. All are
‘ 1
ii

invited to attend.
‘ v “:1 in "“illlil 1;:.'""l§:llf 
6 ii " will iii 

,l s t

it
OPTICI ‘ Nag

' ETTE'Sr
«5.135%th

(OMPLUE OPTICAL SERVICE

 

  

    
      
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Dbl 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

.you7/ﬂna’ MORE PLEASURE
in C/zesteiﬂie/i/s milder better taste

 

 

« .. . new... “Na—x. —.1Mo__..r....._...-_..-.__...._...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vor. XXII, No. :6

STATE Connor: you TEACHERS, Arnanr, N. i

 l‘dilikl'xllli' 25. I938

$2.00 l’lau YEAR, 32 WEEKLY lssuaé.

 

New Dancing Classes Develop

Board to Report
On Point System
in Assembly

Mollenkopf, ’38, With Help
0f Student Assembly
Revises Point System

The assembly this morning will be
a business meeting concerned with
a report of the point system revision
committee according to an an-
nouncement by Warren Dcnsmorc.
president of Student council.

The committee report will be de-
livci'cd by William Mollcnkopf, '38.
chairman. He has been assisted in
the preparation of this report by
William Bradt. Herbert Drooz. K.
LeRoy Irvis, Ruth Hoffman, Anthony
Miranda. seniors; Betty Hayford,
Pearl Sandbcrg. Harry Berg'stcin.
Joseph Leese. Juniors; Lloyd Kelly,
Doris Parlzot, sophomores; Stanley
Smith and James Chapel], freshmen.

After tabulatlng the slips showing
the time spent on the various activi-
ties the committee believes that the
following revisions should be made:

Pres. New
Editor Com-Foriun .......... .. 6 4

Vice president Y. W. C. A. 3 5
Member 'vic‘ committee... 1 2
Feature editor Pcdagogur 2 3
Circulation manager

Pcdogoguc ...................... .. 1 5
Advertising manager Lion [i 3
Associate editor Lion ........ .. 4

3
The committee suggests that the
followmg amendments to the by-
laws of the Student association be
adopted.

RESOLVED: that section 6d oil

the by—laws be amended by striking
out the words “points than the max-
imum set by the point system" and
inserting “more than ten points."

RESOLVED: that the following be
inserted as section (in of the by-laws.
“A standing point system committee
shall be appointed under the follow-
ing provisions.

1. Members of the committee shall
be appointed by the president of the
Student association on the Friday
before Moving-up day to hold office
for our.- year.

2. It shall be the duty of the com-
mittee to collect data pertaining to
the point system. recommend revis—
ions lo the point schedule in an an-
mial report to thc Student associa-
tion not later than March, and keep
a record of office holders under the
point. system, reporting violations to
thc Student council."

RESOLVED: that the following be
inserted as section (if of the by-lilws.
“All outgoing incmbcl's of organiza-
tions undcl' the point. system shall
submit. u report of‘ hours spcnt on
their activity, and tho dulics requir-
ed to (ho point system committee by
Moving-up day.”

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  

State ’3 Embryonic Swingsters

,1 Dramatic and

 

by Salli Grecnwald

In view of the important part.
that dancing plays in the social life
of State students, your reporter
found out that fifty more rhymists
will be released by the dancing class
to practice their newly learned steps
in the Commons during ihc noon
hour.

The dancing class was started by
a couple of enterprising upper class-
men in the latter part of last sein—
cstcr. Its purpose is to encourage
the art of dancing among State stu-
dents and to make them feel more
at. home at State; the latter stato-
mcnt applies more to the freshmen
than to the upper classmen. Due to
“Bel Mir Bist Du Schoen” and
others. the class has grown until it
has reached fifty potential Fred
Astaircs and Ginger Rogers.

i‘ho members of the class take
their instructions seriously. They
are in earnest and are trying very
hard to develop their style so that
they can come into the Commons
and compete with some of the light
headed “willies” who hog the floor
every noontime, Perhaps it would
be a good idea to put these "willies"
into a separate class and make them
learn some of the more formal as-
pects of dancing.

The girl's dancing classes are cori-
ducicd thrice a week under the ex-

 

thairmen Name
Team Captains

 

The senior class drive to obtain
funds for future housing projects is
now under way with the appoint-
ment of 24 captains according to
the announcement of Mildred Night-
ingale and Richard Cox. co-chair-
men of the drive.

Each captain will head a team of
classmates who will work to secure
pledges. Every senior will be asked
to pledge up to $100, payable in in-
stallments after graduation.

Last Wednesday night, Dr. John
M. Suylcs. professor of education
and director of training, addressed
a meeting of captains and chairmen.
conducted at the Alumni Rcsidencc
hall. In his discussion. Dr. Saylcs
urged cvcryonc to support the drive

for the privilege of gaining a practi-
cully free education here. He also
pointed out that the class of ‘38 is
Llic first to assume the initiative of
launching this drive. Previous class-
es had been asked to do this.

Dr. Saylcs. in suggesting the build-
ing of“ a men's dormitory, envisioned

mm“. the msmuuon of stme college plans for Soiree. Also the question

i
sincc it. gives him an opportunity io‘Dl‘Hlm' “‘1” W (“501155 “"1"” me
'of Freshmen caps will be considered.

A _. _.
[pert tutelage of Chris Ades, '39. They 3
line up in back of the leader and
follow her through the intricacies of
the two-step and fox trot. Aftcr‘ _..--._-.....L-._.__.~_.
lmuch hard practice, they dance to—; ,
igcthcr getting pointers from their] .Ilppmnlmcm Bureau
l instructor. '

The men's dancing class started'
last Saturday with an enrollment of ,
about twenty-ny willing and able. The following placements have
apprentices in the art of swing undcrf been announced by the Appoint-
the (“I'PCtlonPr Minn-V CImmSﬁ '39- menf Bureau: Gertrude Loftus.
Although it is too early to predict .34 , .,, l I” . L
anything. rumors have reached usl ‘ ' “unmet,” um 130”, a
flint the dancing spirit is flamingi 30m“ 0‘59"“ Agnes BUSH”?
in their gallant breasts and they' '37, librarian of rural schools at
seek to conqucr‘the fair maidens of peLm-sbm-O; Mary Esther ppm};v
Eémgleuﬁn mm lessons hme been ‘37. English. French. and library

at. Hermon. and Florence Ncl-
bach. ‘38. English at Bolton Lan-

Sopliomores Plan 

When students receive their
F S ' l E notification from the appoint-
or   mcnt bureau after having seen
the appointment bureau office
about a vacancy the folder of
credentials is immediately and
automatically sent by the bur-
eau. Students in the past have
misunderstood this and have
come to the Appointment Bur-
eau and have asked to have
their credentials sent.

 

 

Places Four Tom-hers

 

 
  
  
  
   
   
  

1940 Soiree to Be in April;
Cappiello, General Head,
Names Committees

 

; Plans for State‘s next great social
lcvcni, the Sophomore Soiree are
{now under way with Joseph Cappi-
'cllo. vice-president of the class, as
ligcncral chairman, according to
Lloyd Kelly. president of the class.

The music committee, under the
chairmanship of Marion Kingsley, is
considering a number of orchestras
and an announcement will be forth-
coming Shorily. Among those being
considered are “Fats” Waller and
Dick Messner.
, Following are the committees
which will function for this affair:
music. Miss Kingsley. chairman, Eli-
nor Dibble. Ircno Semanek, John
Eckcl and Max Sykes; arrange-
ments, Harriet Sprague, chairman,
Eleanor Pratt. and John Newstead; Alfred Cooper.preder1ck Day, Doug-
publicity, Lillian Rivkind, and Stew- ms Dmenbeck. Leslie Gel-dis, Paul
art Smith, co-chalrmen. Alice Brown, Gmuon‘ Wuhan, Hagen Gym Km),
Louis Franccllo, Arthur Phibbs, and Jack Meslck, Robert Magick, Louis
Pnul Supolsky: programs and bids. Pasquini, Gerald Saddlcmii'e, Hel-
Eleanor Groll. chairman. Betty Den- mum Schoen, Jan-leg Snowy, and
,mark and Doris Parizot: chaperones, Mex-,1” Wan-nth, freshmen,
‘Rufh Donnelly; invitations, Haskell _
iRoscnbcrg. chairman, Helen Blake
and Marcia Brown.

According to Kelly, a meeting of
the sophomore class will be conduci-
l‘cd ncxf Tuesday in room 206 of

 

Potter Club to lnduct
Freshmen at Banquet

The Edward Eldred Potter club
will conduct its formal initiation at
a banquet to take place tomorrow
night at Keeler's restaurant at 6:30
o‘clock. Nineteen freshmen and one
sophomore will be inducted into
membership in the fraternity.

Following are those who will be
initiated: Theron Powoll, ’40; John
Alden, Daniel Bucci. William Cam-

Lotie Coslar, 

 

 

Lotte Goslar, the European dance
mimc who will give a program Mon-

- day night under the sponsorship of
Presbyterian ChurCh lDrinnatics and Art association.

 

' ' bcgan her career at an early age.
WI" condUCt serv'ce She was born in Dresden, Germany,
In conjunction with the Y. W.

and at the age of eighteen started
C. A. and the student body of State

attending Palucca's dancing school.
collcgc. the First Presbyterian church She was immediately taken into her

eron. James Chapel]. George Clark.-

flio time when the entire block on
which the present dormitory is 10-
clich would be the future campus of
State college.

Following arc the names of the
caplullls who aid in launching the
drive: Doris Anderson. Earle Clcavcs,
Mlli'lllll Conger. Edith Cort, Janet
leblc, Piuil Dittmun. Antoinette
DonViio, Molly Dowling. Carolyn
Edwards. Percy Formlm. Ruth Frost.
Groin Jackson, Phyllis Jobson, Bcv-
orly Johnson, Eleanor Miller, Flor»
i-ncc Nclbuch. Edward Reynolds,
John Schoncnbcl‘g, Jclin Shuvcr,
i-lurrict Slicul‘, David Smith, All'l'cd
’I‘rcliunon. (Tlcrfrudo Tl'yon, Lucillc
Zak. and John‘s Zillmil. seniors.

Dr. Sayles Will Speak
At Educators' Meeting

One of the speakers at tho clg'li—

Spcukci' l"i‘lc(llulld(u' also aunounc— mom“ “mum "199w"! 0f “1" 5mm"
vd loduy that he has received com— “50” 0‘ swam” teaching or “‘0
mcnduflon of the Assembly's org‘uni- National Education “Mlallonv “3
motion from Supreme Court Justice be “Qualified February 28 m Mam“
Chum”, p010,” i at Atlantic City. will be Dr. John

1,, 1,1,, “.1,” u, Um speaker. pom“ M. Saylcs, professor of education and
said, “Min I commend you for the director 01’ Weller training.
interest. of the student body of State Dr. Sayles will discuss a paper by
college in the Constitutional Con- Dr. Inga O. Helsetli entitled, “Super-
vcution. I can think of no more vlsory Practices Involved in Induc-
cxciting subject for those interested lion of the Student info Responsible
in our government." Group Direction.“

   
    
   
   
   
 

Juniors-Pheasant
Radio Program

'i‘lirrc Siatc collcgc juniors will
jll‘i'hl‘lll a fifteen mlnuic radio pro—
gram ovcr station WABY. Wednes-
day night. March 2, from 8:15 to
ilzllfl o'clock, to discuss ihc organiza-
flon and workings of file Constitu-
lionul Assombly.

’l‘lic spi-ukcl's will be l.i('(llllll'(l
l"l'll‘(llllll(lf'l'. Richard Lousdulc and
.l. lii(llll(ll'(' Mi-lunson, juniors, officers
of flu» f‘fllll‘ul‘ iisscinbly. ’i‘lic pro-
gram. onc in u .‘ii'l'li‘h‘ of i'cgulin' talks.
is sponsored by ihc Albany liuslucss
and Pi'of'cssionul Women's Club. Dr.
Robert. itlonow, instructor in gov—
crnmcni. will introduce llli‘ round
tublc discussion.

of Albany is sponsoring its second
annual Collcgc Service on Sunday
morning.

The Rcv. Eugene Carson Blake,
pastor of file church, which is local-
cd at the corner of State and Wilch
stl'ccls, announces that State college
will sing with the choir and serve
us uslicl's for the service. Rev.
lilnkc has prepared a special sermon
foplc for the student congregation.

The ciilli'c stlldt‘nt body is cor-
dlully invited to attend the service
which begins at 11:00 o'clock.

Mi-mbcrs of the student commit-
fco working with Rev. Blake include:
Jl'illl Edgccuinbc, 'lill. president of
Y. W. C. A. and member of Mys-
kimlu: Hclcn Curtis. Studan Chris-
iiun Movement secretary; Betty
Allcn. ‘39, chairman; Charles Gay-
lord. '38; Kay Adami, Jeanette Bar-
low und Dunton Tynan, juniors;
Virginia Elson, and Eloise Hart-
lnunn. sophomores; Ada Pul‘sliall,
’41.

Library To Open Earlier

The State college library is now
open evenings from 6:00 to 9:30
o‘clock, according to Miss Mary
Cobb, director of the college library.
This innovation, which is of experi—
mental nature, is intended mainly
for extension students, but will also

 

be of service to regular students.

 1'  _. -é’-'

performing group and for three
years travelled all over Germany
with Palucca, but finally left to per-
fcct hcr own dance interpretations,
with which she won the enthusiastic
uppluusc of fill Europe.

Slic mudc hcr dcbui in Berlin. and
immediately received on offer from
Robltschck, which she of. first rc-
fuscd but finally accepted after her
second recital.

She toured the larger citics of
Germany. including Berlin, Munich,
Dl‘vsdcli und oilici-s, and Swollen.
Slic is considci'cd for more than
cilhcr a dancer or a mlmc, us her
engagement to appear in u perfor-
mance for the League of Human
Rights shown The leader of tho
Ozm'hoslovukian section says: “We
have. to say that Lotto Goslur is no
ordinary dancer. This woman is un-
doubtedly today the greatest. living
mlmc. whose silence cries out, as
Muctorllnck would say. All of us
understand her-quid only, when you
how seen her, will you understand
what a mighty interpreter of our
thoughts and wishes We possess in
Miss Goslor. We know that she
offers us more than an entertaining
availing. She will give us coruagc
with her art to continue in our dif-
ficult fight against the stupidity and
blindness of humanity."

Miss Cooler always places the main

     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  

 

Art Council

To Present Lotte Goslar

O
,iFamous Continental Dancer
’5 To Give Interpretations

1 Of Human Desires

WHELAN IS CHAIRMAN

Page Holmium to Be
i Scene of Coming Recital
1 On Monday Night

Dramatics and Art association will
present Lotte Goslar, famous Euro-
pcan dance mime, Monday night, at
8:00 o’clock in the auditorium of
Page hall, according to Sally Whel-
an, '38, president of the association.

Miss Goslar started her career at
the age of eighteen and traveled all
over Germany. She finally made a
debut in Berlin and received an of-
fer of a contract, which she reject-
ed the first time. but accepted the
second. She began a tour of Europe,
and has been enthusiastically re-
ceived both in Europe and America.

Committees for the presentation
are as follows: advertising, Virginia
Bolton, ’39. Jane Wilson, '40; tickets,
Virginia Furey, ’39, Ruby Stewart,
'40; and arrangements, Dorothy
Haner. '38. ‘

The ushers for the event are
Eleanor Miller, Edith Cort, Muriel
Goldberg, Dorothy Cain, Florence
Nelbach, Janet Dibble, seniors; Betty
Hayford, ‘39. and the members of the
council. .

The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Governor and Mrs.
Herbert Lehman. Mayor and Mrs.
John Boyd Thacher. Dr. and Mrs.
A. R. Brubacher, Dr. and Mrs. M. G.
Nelson. and Dean Helen Morcland,
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Graves, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Cowdery. and Major and
Mrs. John Warner.

The selections to be offered by
Lotte Goslar are entitled 80 Who”,
Prlma Ballerina, Intoxication, Spin-
stcr, Dali. Cupid, and Once Upon a.
Time.

Tickets may be obtained at room
X or at the door. Reserved seats
will be $1.00.

 

 

 

opean Dancer

Has Brilliant, Eventful Career‘

 

emphasis on her dancing, and not
on the miming. She is a fine artist.
not merely a clown or entertainer.
In her dancing she presents all the
human emotions; she is unique in
her method of presentation for she
portrays life vividly. frankly, with
a subtle realization of tho pathos
and tenderness that is at the basis
of comedy. Her dancing is personal,
vai'lchand full of imagination and
strangeness, which is original with
hcr. People laugh at her parodies.
which are masterpieces in action and
gesture. but lhcl‘c is in them the
element which distinguishes the
humorist from ihc jokcr, and which
displays a l‘i‘lll acting ability and
knowlcdgc.

A l'(‘\’l(‘W from u Berlin press con—
fulfils the following statements:
"Loire Gosliir is the greatest dance
mime of today. islvci'yfhing is tem-
perament. impulse. passion, blood.
flrc. fantasy. Slll‘ always carries
you away; sllc is original, iutcrostw
lug. Silo has no model. "lo has no
pattern. she is a distinct person-
ably."

A review from Prague says: "In
whatever Country Lotto Goslar ap-
pears, people always laugh tremen—
dously at her performances. The
inspiring force of her great parodis-
tic talent is reconfirmed to this
Woman by unauiimous acclaim
wherever silo goes."

These statements present briefly
the reasons for the great success of
Lotte Goslar are entitled,
as the greatest living dance mime.
because of her great ability, by which
she so skillfully interprets human
emotions in a sincere manner.

 

 

m» N.i.t:4ir—’4it

