      
 

  

 

      
  

 

 

 

i
ll

 

Page 4

1 Sororities Conduct
1 Rushing Weekend

0
Hopkins to Play
0
Tonight at Prom, _
:‘Con/mucd from page 1, column 1)
#— Hogan, Elizabeth Kennedy, Marie

(Continued from page I, col'lt'nm 5) Lalonde' Helen Leary. Rosemary Mc_
Juniors and their guests who will earthy. Am, McGumess' Jean Ma1_
attend the From include: oney, Jeanne Murray, Enes Novelle,
Betty Hayford, and Philip Carlson, Catherine O’Brien. Irene Pogor,
:36; Christine Ades’ and Kenny Helen Powers, Frances Rialli, Adele

Snowden Albany. Duntan Tynan, Email. and Marjorie Schaefer.

' h Ed d freshmen.
and Carolyn Mattice'“ “ “'5‘” Alpha Epsilon Phi: Alice Abelove.

Jane W115“. ’40? GOI‘dO“ Tabn91"'Ethel Cohen. Estelle Engelllardt,
and Marie O’Meara, '40; Dick Lens-l
dale. and Mary Noonall. St. Rose; 'ller, and Alma Knowles, ’41; Vir-
Joseph Bosley. and Marion Kings- ginia Wegener. and Jerry Sullivan.
Iey, ’40, Edgar B. O'Hara, and Frances Fordllam.
Field ’40; Fred Bowman and Mar- Eleanor Wickham. and Hilton
garet' Hora. Dayton, Albany; Clancy Van Etten,
Leonard Friedlander, and Lillianland Muriel Barry; Henrietta Hal-
Rivkind, '40; Ruth Lewis, and Jack breich, and Arthur Rothenburg,
Smolens, Richfield Springs; William R, P. I.; Myndert Crounse, and Doris
Torrens, and Betty Parrott. '41; Parizot. '40; Albert Architzel. and
Charles Franklin, and Rita Sullivan. Alln Wellish, Albany; Don Loomis,
'40; Robert E. Hertwig. and Aliceland Mary Ruth Allen, Skidmorepj
Bartlow, '40; Clement Wolff, allleordon Peattie, and Bernice Lam-
Mary Burlingame, ‘38: Larry Stratt- l berton.

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY ll, 1938

 

Eleanor Greenglass, Doris Grossman, Dorothy Mix, Shirley Myers, Janette
Blanche Kirshenblum, Miriam New- Parker. Ada Palshall, Betty Pritcll-
ell, and Tillie Stern, freshmen. ard, and Frances Wood.

Gamma Kappa Phi: Betty Gorgen , Phi Delta: Ogilve  tHalgggt
and Betty Parrott. sophomores; DaVlsv cam y“ mel’yv 81: a '
Marion Cahill. Elizabeth Cottenham, knecm- Marlon .Keables. M31131 Nfc'
Virginia Davis, Cal-0] Golden, Muriel Causland, Milly Ne-ff. Ca lerne
Howard. Loretta Kelley, Madeline Share“ and Alma vall'

Scesny, Doris Sheary. Grace Sussnelﬁl Alpha Rho: Geraldine Pleat, ’41.
alld Frances White. freshmen. Sigma Alpha: Marion Ayotteﬂ

Beta Zeta: Hattie Conklln. Patri-lMadeline Block, Betty Hiller, Ade-
cia Culver, Doris Dygert. Mary Eison, I line Kadgis, Helen Pitlllan, Florence
Helen Lasher. Janet MacDonald, lReddish and Charlotte Theemling.

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop Dial 5-1913

.—--‘
walnuts
NEW MODERN

Boulevard Cafeteria R
and Grill

ALBAN Y, N. Y.

VALUES F011
or to 520.9 mm

MODERN 110'“
COOK
BOOK

9'

 

40¢

WITH CARYON FROM COLGATE-PALMOLIVI
TOILETRIES OR VASELINE HAIR TONIC
FULL DETAILS AT OUR TOILET GOODS COUNYER

 

198‘200 CENTRAL AVE NUE

 

 

 

 

 

It’s a friendly glow. . .
that lighted Chesterﬁeld. It
brings pleasure and comfort to
men wherever they are.

That refreshing Chester-
ﬁeld wildness. . . that up-
petz'zihg Chesterﬁeld taste
and uronuz. .. inches 0
man glad he smokes.

he s teriield

 they [lg/it the way to MORE PLEASURE

copyright 1956. Llwurl o; Mrlslo Toll/loco Co.

 

av: “hexagram

 

 

State College N

  
  

 

 

 

 

VOL. XXII, No. 15

Juniors to Meet
1941 in Debate
lnllililAssembly

Topic of Forensic Battle to
Be Proposed Boycott
Of Japanese Goods

The juniors and the freshmen will
take part ill the second of a series
if intramural debates sponsored by
Debate coullcil, at 11:00 o’clock to-
day, according to Warren Densmore,
president of Student association.

The speakers will debate the fol-
lowing question: Resolved: that the
people of the United States should
place all economic boycott against
Japan. The juniors have the af-
firmative side and the freshmen will
take the negative.

Bill Bradt. ‘38, president of Debate
council and chairman of intramural
debating, will preside. Two con-
structive speakers for each side will
speak for five minutes. All inter—
mission of five minutes will give each
side time to prepare the rebuttal
speeches. The rebuttal speakers will
have six minutes ill which to refute
arguments of the other team and
present their best arguments.

Winners of this debate will meet
the sophomores who were the will-
ners of the last intramural debate.
To the final winner will go the
Debate council intramural cup.

The junior team is composed of
Ruth Sillovoy, manager; Joe Bosley,
first speaker; Dee Jesse. second
speaker; and Jean Strong, rebuttal.
The frosh squad consists of Bill
Cameron. manager; Lee Dul‘ling,
first speaker; Evelyn Olivet. second
speaker; and Dorothy Peak. rebuttal.

 

 

Myskania Names Eight
As Class Guardians

The Members of Myskanla who
will act as class guardians for this
semester were announced ill assem-
bly last Friday. These guardians act
as sponsors for the classes and
supervise their meetings and elec-
tions.

Guardians for the freshman class
will be Muriel Goldberg and Richard
Cox; for the sophomores, Herbert
Drooz and Sophie Wolzok: for tile
juniors. Dorothy Cain and John
O’Brien, and for the seniors, 'i‘llclmll
Miller and Sally Whelau.

President Brubacher Presents

Plans for Five

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., li‘liitRl‘ARi’ Ill, 1938

Sophomore Virtuoso

Wins Amateur Contest

Everybody knows that there
are five watering troughs in
Draper hall but how many know
that there is an unknown vir-
tuoso right ill our midst?

Aye Aye! (as the egotists say)
there is, and it's none other than
George Stangler, '40. A master
of the violin, this up and coming
virtuoso recently captured a
wrist watch, a trip to New York
city, and an audition over a
major network as first prize in
an amateur contest broadcast
from the stage of the Grand
theater.

Stallgler will again appear on
the stage of the Grand tonight
ill a special contest for prize
winners. Optimism is running
so high that Music council is al-
ready negotiating for an engage-
ment.

Debate Council
Plans Program

State Debates Skidmore and
Niagara on Social Relations
And Labor Problems

 

According to Willialn Bradt, ‘38,
president of Debate council. plans
for five major events will be formu-
lated in the next two weeks.

Tonight State will meet the
Niagara team ill Room 5 ill an
Oregon type debate on the National
Labor Relations board. Sally Whelan
and Thomas Lovnlenti will uphold
the negative side for State. On the
same date, Lizctte Parsllull. Betty
Hayford. Gar Arthur. and Richard
Lonsdale will speak at ll meeting of
the American Association of Univer-

welfare.

On Monday, February 21, a forum
will be conducted at the Y. M. C. A.
on the subject of unicullleralism. The
speakers will be Charles Walsh, Has-
kell Rosenberg, Ritn Sullivan and
Ruth Finklc.

On F‘cbrunry 24, State will parti-
ciplltc ill ilil entirely new type of dis—
cussion with Skidlllore, which will be
he highlight of the debating year.
Viewpoints of such clashing organi—
zutlolls will be presented as the C. I.
0.. A. F, of L., govcrmllcnt and labor,
and consulllcr lllld employer on the
subject of labor. Tile speakers will
be llili Brndt, Roy Irvis, Percy For-
mnll llnd Edgar O'Hora.

 

Year Curriculum

 

by Leonard Kowalsily

Those students Willi llitclldcd
assembly Inst Friday listened to an
interesting llllk delivered by Dr. A.
R. Bl'llbncllcr. prcslllclll. of tllc col-
lcgc. The purpose of Lllc discussion
was to explain lo the student body
the dctlliis of the proposed llVi' your
i'lll'l'lt‘lillllll ut Sllill- collcgc.

The student body first learned ol‘.’
lllt‘ president's plans when ll conl-
lIllilll('illI(lll l'rolll llilll to Mysllulliu
ll|)|)t'lli't‘(l Ill the News of November
I2 of llisl, ycur. Ill if, the president
suggested lo Mysknnin tilllt they be
lllstrulllcnilli ill cxprcssillg to hlm,‘
lhc sentiment of LL11! student body
111 record to this question. In lilh‘tj
l"l'l(lil,\"h nsscmbly, lllc president wusl
given an opportunity to present hisl
|)I'()|)(l.‘.lliilll ill person to the studclltl
body.

ill rxlllillillllg his purpose, the
pl‘t‘hltli'ill. fuels that the new regu-
lnlions ill certification and licensing
of teachers, recently set up by the
State Board of Regents, demand
Vill'lflllh cllrricullllll adjustments.
Moreover, since a new ruling requires:
the colllplciion of thirty hours of
graduate work within ten years after
graduation in order to retain Olle's
teaching certificate, 11 fifth year may
be dcclllcd necessary.

'I‘llcrcforc, ill order to understand
fully the resulting curriculum prob-
lems. the president feels that an

 

vlldcqulltl- investigation of them is

necessary. To carry on this work, ilc
has appointed seven faculty commit-
ll-cs among whose members are Dr.
.I. A. Hicks, Dr. H. W. Hastings, and
Dr. J. M. Sayles. and one student
collllnittee composed of Myskallia.
The work of tile various commit-
lccs is to consider questions that
arise in regard to tile proposed
changes. For instance. how should
the curricululll be modified? What
should be the relation between the
liberal arts courses and those of the
professional training? What courses
should be offered ill the fifth year?
What silould be the place of the.
practice teaching ill this curriculum?
Ill conclusion, the p re side n t
strongly urges the student body to
take all interest ill his five year plan,
for he feels that only the students

thclllseives can best judge the pres- ciatjon on May 22' 1931' by a vote of

cut curriculum and suggest changes.
He advises everyone to discuss these
problellls with the faculty and to ex-
press his opinion to Myskaniu.

Ill an interview with the writer,
Dr. Brubacller stated:

"The college student body has an
opportunity to share realistically ill
curriculunl revision, I earnestly
solicit recommendations through the
Myskania Committee. Through this
cooperate effort we seek greater
vitality and effectiveness ill the pro-

sity Women on the subject of social,

To Obtain

 

 

Funds For Ho

CHAIRMEN 0F ALUMNI FUND DRIVE

Richard Cox and Mildred Nightingale, seniors, who will conduct the class
of 1938 ill its annual drive to raise money for the alumni

residence halls fund.

 

Mysllania Rules
On Cap Wearing

Letter to Sophomore Head
Explains Official Stand
Of Senior Body

Freshmen cannot be required by
Myskania to wear caps next year
according to a communication re-
ceived by Lloyd Kelly, president of
the sophomore class, from Myskania,
senior honorary society.

Tile letter furtller states that
action for the re-establishment of
this tradition must come from a res-
olution introduced from the floor of
Student assembly and that Myskania
has no power to revive the tradition
by decree.

Tile reason for this is that the
Student association on May 22, 1931,
abandoned by resolution the wearing
of caps lls a tradition, Therefore,
only the student body has tile power
to revive it.

According to Kelly, a consideration
of this question will be included in

class, which petitioned Myskania for
this action.

Following is the letter received byl
Kelly: ’
"To the Sophomore Class:

Ill regard to the request for the
establishlllcnt of a tradition involv-
illg the wearing of caps. Myskania
pronounces the following: That the
establishment of any tradition must
conle from the action of the Student
Association. Traditions do not ori-
ginate by the action of oily one class.
Myskallia advises that the ques—
tion of the Freshmen caps be
brought before the Student Associa-
tion if desired. According to the
minutes of the Student association
of 1931-32, the wearing of Freshmen
caps was abolished by Student Asso-

the entire assembly."

TO HAVE HOLIDAY

State college will not be ill ses-
sioll on Tuesday, February 22,
Dr. Brubacher, president, all—
noullced this week, inasmuch as
Washington's Birthday is a legal
holiday.

Milne High school will not

 

lY. W. C. A. to Present
Prominent Eugenicist

Mrs. Elliott to Lead Discussion
0n Marriage Education

011 Monday night from 7:30
to 9:30 o'clock ill the Lounge of
Richardson hall, Grace Loucks Ell-
iott, author of “Sex Life and Youth,"
“Psychology of the Adolescent Girl,”
and co-author with her husband, Dr.
Harrison Sackett Elliott, of “Solving
Personal Problems," will speak. The
topic of her talk will be “Education
alld the Preparation for Marriage."
Earlier ill the afternoon Mrs. Elliott
will meet with a faculty committee
to discuss the subject “Guidance in
Personal Adjustment."

Mrs. Elliott is a well known au—
thority in the field of Eugenics. She
was chairman of the National Stu-
dent assembly conducted recently at
Miami university, alld she has led
many student discussions on the
problems of marriage and the home.

A selected group of men and
women of the student body will meet
with Mrs. Elliott.

Sororities and fraternities are co—
operating by conducting their meet—
illgs on other nights next week.

 

 

the next meeting of the sophomore     

$2.00 PER YEAR, 3'3 \VE'EKLY issues.

Nightingale, Cox Will Head Senior Drii‘re

using Project

0 ...___.

’Chairmen' to Name Captains
 To Supervise Teams
l Of Classmates

‘ MISS ammmggro AID

Committee to Suggest Ideas
For Possible Projects
For Construction

Richard Cox and Mildred Night--
illgale have been appointed as co—
chairmen- of the annual senior drive
to raise funds for future housing:
projects according to Herbert Drooz,:
president of the class of 1938.

The plan will be worked as in the,
past with the chairmen appointing
captains to supervise teams of work-
ers who Will compete with each other,
in raising money for the Alumni proa',
ject. The drive is carried on in co-
operation with Miss Bertha Brim-
mer, secretary of the Alumni assoc?
iaiion. , '

Seniors will be asked to pledge up
to $100 to be paid in installments
over a period that may range from
five to ten years ill length. These
pledges may be’ made with the con-
dition that the installments will
begin “the first February after I se—
cure a position." .

The chairmen are arranging for
committees to explore the possibilie
ties of projects to which this money
should be devoted. Ill the past the
classes beginning with 1936 have
favored the erection of a men’s
dormitory similar to that of the
present Alumni Residence halls for
women. Other projects considered
are athletic houses for men and
women, all all-college social hall and
a swimming pool.

The fact that the president of the
senior class has appointed co-chair-
men for this drive is an innovation
for during the past years the presi-
dent of the senior class has acted
as chairman of the event. Drooz by
appointing these expects to arouse
the class more completely in pledg-
ing to the fund.

Appointment ﬁeau
Announces Positions

Tile appointment bureau announ-
ces the following placements: Hilda
Heines, ‘35, High Bridge, New Jersey,
library; Dorothy Lurenz. ’37, Athens,
French and Latin; Paul Dittman, ’38,
Adams Center. commerce; Helen
.Sautill, '37. Johnstown. mathemetics
'and science; Lillian Rushmeyer, '38,
[Bolton Landing, commerce.

 

 

From Teacher, Civil War Captain

 

by David Minsbcrg

Some men live lives which are ad—
mired by all who know them and
all who hear about them. One Oll
these was Albert Nathaniel Husted,
ill comlllcllloration of whom the
science building of State college ilas
been named.

Ill 1855, Husted, a young man,
came to teach lllatllcmatics at the
N. Y. State normal school. He was
successful and well liked and con-
tinued ill that position. 111 fact,
from that date on, he taught every
year of his life except for some time
during the Civil War, when he mus-
tried a company of normal school
boys under his captaincy and left
to fight for the Union.

Leaving behind some of ilis boys
buried on the battlefield, Husted re-

 

was away fronl his classroom for
only three or follr days before his
(lentil.

Hosted Is illlporlant to us today
not because he taught for fifty-seven
years, but because he embodies all
the qualities a good teacher should
have. He was loyal, to his country
ill riskillg his life for it, to his school
ill giving his life services for it. His
industry, ever-present and delight—
l'ul sense of humor, and wise council
lllllrk him as a figure never to be

,i‘orgotteu. All these traits are at—

tested to by his associates and stu—
dents, who knew him well.

Ill 1905, ill Professor Husted's ill-
tietll year of teaching at State Nor—
mal college, a fellowship fulld was
started in conlnlcnloratiou of his

servwes. It has at present about

turned to Albany and taught till $8,000 ill its treasury and is expected
1890, when the normal school becallle ill several years to reach its goal of
State Normal college. In 1905, he $10,000. In 1934, in the Alllllllli
was made head of the ilultllenlatics Quarterly, which was dedicated to
department. Ill 1906, when the col- Professor Hllsted. the late Dean
lcge building on Willett street burn- Anna Pierce, honored his memory in
ed down and mOVed to its present‘all article about his life and person—
location on Western avenue, Profes— ality. Today a plaque ill recogni-
sor Husted moved with it. He held Lion of his achievements, is placed

 

 

 

cess of self-education."

have classes on Tuesday.

the position of professor of his de- at the entrance to the bllildillg that
partment until his death in 1912. He bears his name.

 

 
   
 

     

