 

 

 

  

Page 2

S'l‘ATE C()l,ll.E(il:l NEWS, OCTOBER 14, 1938

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS!

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong.
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publixbers Reprnwnlalive
420'MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ’ BOSTON ' L05 ANGEL!!! ' SAN FRANCISCO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Eooan B. O’l-lonA Editor-in-Chicf
JnAN STIiONo . Co-Editor-lu-Chinf
Ronnirr E. Hinrrwio Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Hows Associate illitnaging Editor
LEONARD E. KoWALsuv Assoc‘la/c illanaging Editor
SALLY E. Yoi'Nc Associalc Managing Editor
ViC'roiu.\ A. Bum: Busincss Managcr
JUAN M. BYIUIN Aili‘crtising Manager
Gimcn B. CAS'l‘llllilNl'l Circulalion Managcr

 

THE NEWS STAFF

Mcn‘s Sports Editor
Wontr‘n's Sports Editor
Assistant Sports Editor
Assistant Sports Editor

Charles Franklin
Betty Clark
William Ryan
Joseph Boslcy
Il‘catnrc Editors
Saul Grecnwald Charles Walsh
Assot'idtc Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettlngcr, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmorc Mclanson. Alice inrtlow,
Robert Cogger

Assistants Io Busincss Board

Assistant Business Manager .............. ,. Harriet Spraguc
Assistant Advertising Manager .............. .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ................ .. Mary Gabriel

Busincss Staff
Marion Ayoltc, Ray Carroll, Elizabeth Donahue, Nor—
man Levy, Miriam Nowell, Betty Parrott, Encs
Novelli, Madeline Sccsny, Catherine Schafcr
Rt portr‘rs

Alice Abelove, Anna Accc, Josephine Autilio, William
Brophy, Janet Busackcr, Noreen Cappiello, Harriet
Conklin, Mary D'Aricnzo, Dora De Michele, Frieda
Diamond. Dennis Dole, Beatrice Dower, Doris Dygert.
Betty Elson, Sylvia Greenblatt, Adeline Kadgis, Helen
Leary, Mary Grace Leggctt, Rose Lison, Bcatricc
Marashinsky, Aim McGuinness, Hyman Mcltz, \\il—
liam Miller, .lohn Murray, Catherine O'Bryan. Evelyn
Olivct, Clarence Olsen, Sally Pine, Irene Pogor,
Elizabeth Pritchartl, Anne Rattray, Charlotte Ritchie,
Isabella Robinson, Ruperta Simmons, Louise Snell,
Tillie Stern.

 

 

Buy American Ballyhoo

llnrmony. libcrul inlcrcoursc with all Illlli‘bll'l nrc recom-
mcmlcd by policy, humanity. and illll'l'i"l. Washington.

We admit that this nation of ours is ad-
crazy, but the sillicst, most backward
scheme that has ever hit us is this ‘Buy
American—Buy Lo ~al’ ‘anipaign.

()ne of the reasons that the late crisis
in Europe did not turn into a var was that
the nations and their people realized the
economic impossibilitics of such a move. Al
the present time economic connections
make every nation intc'l‘tlcpcntlcnt upon the
others, and war means cconon‘iic disaster.
And yet this country has the idea that the
‘l'luy American‘ slogan is perfect and fcas-
ible. First it’s Buy Ameri'an; then, buy
city, then, buy street——l'inally We'll be down
to feudalism and goingr against all the his-
tory of the last one hundred and fifty years.

The hope of the World lies in world wide
co-opc‘ation and this is not enhanced by
the pittingr of one community against an—
other, or one avcniu: against a street.

The good feature of this plan is the fact
that it may stimulate buying, but it should
be just ' iuy'! What difference does it
make whether you buy Albany or buy Au—
burn or buy .lapan’.‘

'Wc should work towards a system that
would: allow all nations to t'udc together
peacefully and, in so doing, exchange cuL
tural values and lmclx'gi'ounds. Even Jet'-
l'erson, great ’solationist that ho was, still

said, “trade and con'imcrcc with all na-

< l1.-
tions.”

 

 

 

Tremendous Trivia

 

 

Commentstater

(THE COMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column, though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
S’I‘A'l‘l-l Common Nsws.)

The scene is the tiny Unitarian chapel across the
street from college. Above the hush of the expectant
audience, there is the singing melody of a violin. The
throbbing organ music ushers in the procession of stu-
dents. The “stage” is lit only by candles, and the
intensity of the participants becomes almost a com-
municable sensation. Thus might read the stage
direction for the Candlelight Service sponsored by
the Student Christian association this week. Unusual?
Yes. Rigid? No. Sincere? Deﬁnitely,

The service was admirable in every sense. There
was a setting of quiet dignity; there was appropriate
music; there was comprehensible symbolism, and best
of all, State college students responded to it in a way
that is comparable only to their reception of the phil—
harmonic orchestra's program last year, It was so
completely diflerent from any other organized activ-
ity_women and men lfor the first time) participating
in unpretentious worship.

it lasted but twenty minutes, this program that was
so capany directed by Janet Guran and Mary Miller,
Not long after it was ovcr, books were reopened in the
library, and the Work of the evening was rcsumcd.

 

l . . .
th We have a feeling that we who attcndcd the service
arc aware that We can live with just a little more .

radiance for having attended it,

Having duly patted oursclf on the back for pub—
licizing the gatc—crashing situationwor lilillec they
had the idca all almigmwc give a Gargantuan orchid
to Mike Wah'nlh and his strong—arm inch of thc sopho_
morc rcccplion. If you were at the reception land
who wasn‘tih, (lid you notice how thc floor clcarcd
after Mr. Fricdlandcr‘s announccmcnl? We add :1
fervent prayer that tho reformation will be permanent.

I: s 1: >l<

Play of the Week:
Sauce for Sophisticales

Jane Cowl came to town on The Road to Rome.
A play that is for the sophisticatcs and those of a
gentler nature might find it hard to digest.

The Road to Rome, written by Robert Sherwood.
rcstates the glory that was Rome, intimating at the
same time that Hannibal was a conqueror with a soul.
The play opens in the home of Fabius Maximus, ncwly
declared dictator. F‘abius is espounding his greatness
to his wife, Amctius, who sows the seed of thought in
his mind that a conference with Hannibal, just ar-
rivcd at the walls of Rome, might save the city, She
leaves that night, ostensibly for her mother‘s homc
outside Rome. but is curiously sidetracked to Hannibal's
camp. She is brought before lhc gcncral as a spy. and
is condemned to instant death. She gains a short, bill
profitable. l‘cpi'icvc through a ready command of words
and a grcnl umlcrslaiuling of human nature. l-lan-
nibal, on thc morrow, having bccomc attached to thc
lady, dcsircs her company back to Carthage, after hc
finishes off Rome. She, on the othcr hand, wishcs him
to leave Rome tmdcstroycd. lwith lhc uiulcrstaiuling
that Rome would destroy itselfl, leave his wars, leave
her, and truly come to know the "human equation"
which she tried to teach him. Fabius Maximus ar-
rchs under a flag of trucc, asking Hannibal to have
mcrcy on Rome. Hannibal, a great man, promises to
spare Romc. wishes Fabi‘ls Maximum lllc best of
everything, bids Amelius t'nrcwull, and goes off with
his army and his clcphanls.

The historical accuracy of the play is doubtful. in
deviating from the true road left by the march of
time, Sherwood justifies himself by crcaling a prim-
rose path that is good entertainment. ’l‘hcrc seems to
be u bil of satire involved conccrmng the longwindcd
senators, the "boys at the from." and the l'requcnl
rcici'cnce to (lictatoi's~--» not to mcnlion the peace purlcy
’l‘hc anachronism in such phrases as "swoctlcss Sat-
urday," and m the Brooklyn acccnt uscd by the sol-
diers, was curious. But didn't Shakcspcarc mcnlion
the striking of tho clot: in Julius Caesar?

The play, whatever us faults, did have some poig-
nant moments, and a fair share of comedy. The supcrb
versation, though oltcn ribald. was 01ch1‘, The superb
dramatic ability of Jane Cowl, and a good supporting
cast, sustained the interest of the nlidicncc from her
ginning to end, with tlic. cxocplion of a fcw strciics that
were slow i‘n'st’arting. The perfect si’noollnu-ss Willi

I ll l , , ,
which Jane C,o,w,i.changcd mood ior mood, tragedy lo”

comedy and back again, seemed to “Billy the lugh
pointsol the play. v » -
. ,,,,., —llAltltll"/l‘ Si’ltMWIi.

Personal
Viewpoints

(EGO is given the widest. lati-
tude as author of this column.
though his viewpoints do not
necessarily always reflect those
of the STATE COLLEGE ans.)

State's social season having
gotten under way, We notice that
an ever recurring problem is—
to coin a phrase —— recurring.
We mean this business of calling
up a faculty member or campus
houscmother some two or three
hours before an affair, in order
to ask them to chaperone it.

Won‘t you lads and lassies
ever see the spot you put them
on? How would some of you
girls feel for instance if you
were asked to a dance only a
couple of hours in advance?
Chaperoncs feel the same. It‘s
embarrassing. They don't know
but what they are being asked
because someone refused. or
that it's a last-minute effort to
be polite by remembering them.

And, speaking of being polite.
even Emily Post suggests suffici-
cnt notice, as regards an invita-
tion, that the invited party may
plan on attending, or, if they
can't, send regrets, thus leaving
the arrangements committee
with plenty of limi- to see about
getting somebody else.

So let‘s try to bc ladies and
gentlemen about this, mid, for
goodness sake. once you get
chapcroncs, don't. think your job
is ﬁnished. Too many of us
considcr them a necessary evil.
We say to that Phoocy!

[I lnkcs about l\\o or three
minulcs to grch lhcm as you ur-
rivc, and as for entertaining
them during lllc cvcningﬁwcll.
thcy‘rc llil'I‘c for a good time
Hit), and sitting down to dry dis-
cussion is just as dry to them
as it is to you. Then why do it?

We just thought wc'd ask. It
makes us mad.

 

EGO

 

Statesman

 

killed the cat
Always want to know what and
whom cvcryonc is doing. don‘t you?
Statesman bends to public prcssurc,
havmg found that Statesman cannot
l1:i\‘c everyone for his friend, and
hcrcwilh givcs you the low low—
down, Don't forget, it's your sense-
lcssncss of humor, not his!
the play gore.
Friday afternoon last Mr, Editor
informcd Mr. Slatcsman that a no.
of it's. arc clamouring for Mr. S's

ncck, and that some of tho people1

responsible lor the ,ir. stunt fclt
kiiuln bad. Friday nl'lcrnoon Mr, S,
laughcd a hard and cold laugh.
Friday p. m. Statesman was ready
to sock out the injurcd pnrlics and
npologizc: tlicii"s was :i (‘ccil ll.
DcMille cll'ort when compurcd lo the
insipid, limo—wasting, scnsclcss rol
on which lhc sophomorcs lhrcw
spotlights.
private lil'c of Minerva

Lust. Friday our own blushlcss
Mincrva was kissed by Jack Varn-
sour. morc modest mid crimson
tinged. Vuvusour had a football
wngcr on with ICivion Willions
ll-vion; —ion as m onlom and cnmc
out, as dul his old Alma Minnie,
CBA of Albany, on the short. end.
Prclly soon maybe clitllllhlilhllt' Jnkc
Powcll will coui'l the classic lady of
tho conslant countenance: u lrcsh-
woman, one Miss Wilson, seems to
hold lhc answer.

and so on

l’liiku- ltull clmllcugcr. lhc collcgc
lo :1 gunn- ol dul'ls oh i u . _
A lculin'c oi thc Slulc slrccl
lioii:.c\vai'iiiiiig Wits thc ()ricnlal
lioom. honicpl guys ()‘lloru, Kelly,
and Moran Visiloil \U'l‘o told to
tollou Llu'll' bunch and war there-
nllci nwonscd, consternation evolvcd
lrom the (tolll-iciiilc rcprcscntution

ol llu- story oi (ioldylocks and the‘

lhrcc bearh , . . And speaking of
pn-lly singlls some, lll(t‘ lllc scent ol

roscs ask (.ilgsala or Carroll about,Slghvgmicmdy

llu- sumo. .,  lllhlnHilllllihl‘dwnhﬂﬁluy
Wildi this, ti'osly; look, in Ms eyes"...

 

THE MAN 0!" S'l‘:\'l‘l’n~’~‘

State Freshmen
Win Scholarships

Members of Class of 1942
Receive Twelve Less

Than Class of ’41

 

Sixty-four members of the Fresh-
man class have received State schol—
arships this year, as announced by
the registrar’s office. This repre-
sents a decrease of twelve under the
record of seventy-six, established by
the class of 1941.

A limited number of these schol-
arships are issued to each county
every year. A State scholarship en—
titles the holder to one hundred dol—
lars a year for four years, to be
ust in any recognized college in
New York state. They are given
on the basis of regents marks, earned
during four years of high school.

The following members of the
class of 1942 have been awarded
scholarships: Horace E. Bailey, F.
Helen Barron. Sarah 13. Board,
Marjorie J. Bishop, Dcloria M.
Bregc, Dorothy J. Brooks, Janet R.
Brown, Alfred Buhner, Thomas P.
Burke, Rose C, Cacchillo, Eleanor A.
Callahan, Mary E. Carpenter. Betty
H, B. Cummings, Harriet C. DeFor-
csl, Ruth L. Edwards, Edyine B.
Friedman, Mary M. Gautier,
Thomas M. George, Beatrice L. (lins—
burg, Donald F. Green, ‘armclla B.
Grcnci, Edward J. Halpin, June A.
I‘lllllSllillit‘l'. Edwin J. Holslcin.
Theodora Hornbcck, Mary E, Horn,
S, Mauritz Johnson, Jr., Ruth E.
chlcr. ll'cne L. Kilmer, Shirley H.
Kylc. Dorothy Lashcr. Albcrta E.
chc. Sclina Leis, Jackson LcVurn,
,lsobcl McCambcll, Dorothea Mac.-
lsaac. Mary McIntosh. Michael
Marknrian, Ann Monaghan, Olive
Myers. Blanche Navy, Ruth O'Don-
nell, Bcrnice Olcoll, Harry Passow,
Bernice Real, Charles Rcynolds,
Kallit‘i‘ino Richards, Geraldine Ru—
bar, Jeannette Rycrson, Arlcnc
Sadler. Elinor Schlesinger. Jeanne
Schmachlcnbcrg'. Marian Shavcr,
Dorothy Smolcnsky, Alic. Swimon.
,Virginia G. Thomas, John R. Tib—
‘bils, J11, Antoinette F‘. Vamisco,
Claire A, Whiting, Florcncc it. Wig-
gins, Jane M. Williams, Mary S.
Wing. Norbcri Wiscmnn, Sndyc J.
Zilinskas.

 

Newman Hall Elections

Name Bilzi President
Victoria Bilzi, '30, was clcclcd
luulsc prcsidenl of Ncwmnn hall at.
:a meeting conducted this past work.
lAssisling hcr arc Mary Jo 'l‘ucchclli,
,'-ll), vu'c-prrsidcnl; Cnlhcrinc ()‘liry-
Ian, ‘41. li'cusurcr; Josephine Anto—
!nacci, ‘41. .‘xl‘l'l'l‘lill'i': l'h'clyn ()Iivct,
‘~il, rcporlci'; and Margurcl Furry,
'42. freshman rcprcscnlalivc, ’l‘hcso
lallcr comprisc lllc cscculivc board
which lith nlrcudy slarlcd to plan
liui inlcrcslint: program [or lhc coni-

Ting ycar.

 

Appointment
! Bureau

l

l
, 'l‘hc Appomlmcm lnn'cnu wishes to
rc—cmphnsixc last wcck's announcc-
imcnl lllnl scmor loldcrs arc now
lliillllllJIl' m lhc Milnc ol'l‘icc of the
lburcau, room 121A.

All sclllln's who have not yet ob-
tained thcir folders til‘c requested
to do so, and to return them to the
ollicc by October 25 at the latest.
ll is important that all room inim—
'bcl‘s, plnccs where they may be found
,during lhc day and all lclcphoiw
numbers bc gchn on the schcdule
curds.

Euch scnior is also nskcd to write
lib; mum- in the upper lcft hand
coincr of the lurgc cnvclopc in which
hc rcccivcd his li]l])()lllllll(‘lll bureau
blanks. This should bc (lonc when
lllc cm’clopo is handcd in.

Mr. Paul liulger, secretary of lho
bureau, announces that all inlcr-
p‘ich lll'c signcd for up to Novcmbcr
,4. Starting Monday. Novcmbcr 7,
lseniors may again sign for inter—
Vich.

, The following have rcccnlly been

 

,placcd: Arlene Van Epps, '35, Cherry
valley, substitute, eommcrcc; A-ii—
tomctte Mont, Milli, Noll ’l‘eri'ii‘cc,
I conuncrcc; Mary liurl—
mgmncg’lili, St, Regis Falls, history-
. Willard Gleason, ‘38; “Marathon:

- science,

 

 

“(Iona

d...

 

 

) /
u (‘4 It A’{‘ i A l; “f 1

c'i' A ’l‘l.‘ 1.?! ii ,I I.‘(,,;_I_«‘, Nlttilg ,l,.).(".l‘(,)_l‘ll«‘,it _i ._. u lugs .

Phip—ku

_\

xD

 

 

