 

 

 

 

.  .' a
Chief Snow-m.t/,6.Head Long cap-feather; made their bow
. . . reigned brieﬂy over winter aCtivities on the

Purdue University campus.
Conjoint»: “lutST l‘hutu l~y Williamson

. at the Wellesley College ice. carnival. These
skaters are getting ready for a turn about the
meadow ice rink. v‘mu‘

\Nllgll finl K ride onl\ in lithe-drawn
\rlmlrs. and st: .trr ..illnl in (w .lltl “it'stnunstt'r

Lillrge sltitlints \\l‘\‘ “Jill to En sleigh-riding.

Perfect flouting form
> . .is demonstrated by Norwegian Nils Ere, world's
I) . - .
intercollegiate ski champion. ‘* 

She FtirSUUk the Microphone for

One Thing After Another

In 1939 a production of Cyrano dc Bergerac at
the University of \V'isconsin set a record. It ran 10
nights, played to more than 3,000 people. Victor
\Wolfsohn was "Cyrano." his "Roxane" was a chubby,
attractive Stanford graduate. Kathleen Fitz, who was
teaching education and Studying for an MA. in
psychology. Eight years later Victor \Volfsohn had
written a successful Broadway play, last year's
Excursion. and Miss Fitz was acting in One Thing
After Anal/\er in New York.

Kathleen Fitz must he set down as .1 Kappa Alpha
Theta with determination. Like Don Ameche.
another of Prof. \V'illiain C. Troutman's alumni at
\‘i'isconsm, she took the hard way to learn to face
the fontlights‘. Her teaching days and MA. didn't
help when she has l‘atted ahout in Pacific Coast
stock. Star in Pirandello and Shaw plays at \\”is-
consin, Kathleen toured the U. S. as the heroine in
Hu- Drunkard. plating in hotels as well as theaters.
She trimmed her figure for pictures. only to get a
"hit" no one noticed. She had the lead Ill I‘lm-e Men
on .1 Hum- when the leading lady was on vacation.
After that period of glory. she went on tour with
{in} ,Uet'l) (Im’. in .1 part you could lind only with
a nlicrnSL-Upf.

Turningy to radio, Kathleen auditioned herself into
the lead in a Illllﬁllnlll)"kll0\\'ll domestic serial, 1).“:
[ldrdlllg‘i H'ife. \‘i’hen a part opened for her in
(my flung rifle: floor/wry she gladly forsook the
nucrophone.

One of these days Stanford's and \Visconsin's
Theta, Kathleen Fitz, hopes to he the bride insth
of the bridesmaid in the theater.

V " “‘"J&WJ-7nﬁm’n  3

so: I

(ll-

‘  When a group of
V Salem College co-
eds recently found
the old stagecoach

' “Hattie Burner”
they dolled up in

. their best old-fash-
 ioned clothes and
‘ hired horses to pull
them on a tour of
Winston-Salem, N.

C., streets. ~“‘"“’

 

 

WHAT M. C. COBEN SAID TO HAROLD SNEAD,

CHIEF PILOT OF TWA

” MM

Harold Snead gives his own answer—“Camels agree with
me!" he says. And millions of other smokers agree with Pilot
Snead, making Camels the largest-selling cigarette in America

ON HIS SECOND MILLION MILES!
Snead has been flying since the
"night mail" days. He knows what
he's talking about when he says:
"You’ve got to take care of your-
self in this line of work. Ragged
nerves are out.l smoke—all I want.
Camels don't get on my nerves."

CIGARETTE IN N“

Camels are a matchless blend of
liner, MORE EXPENSIVE IOBAC~

(:05 -Turkish and Domestic

ONE SMOKER
IELLS ANOTHER

A FEW of the instruments that Pilot
Snead has to watch. After a trip,
Hal likes a Carmel. "When i feel
tired, I smoke a Camel," he says.
"Yes, I get a 'lift’ with a Camel.
You may think I am enthusiastic
about them. I um.’ All in all. here
is a cigarette that agrees with me!"

elsggreg

~ 7):“ ‘Tvati-m-.tc:meu ..,-.n"“4 WWWTW’V-hwa—Ao  

"Some people say
all cigarettes are
alike, Mr. Snead...

"There's a big difference, sir. I
know most ofthe American ﬂiers
with records of several thousand
hours in the air.The majority are
steadysmokers and preferCamels,
as I do. Years of experience
have taught them that Camel

. _ is arm/1y thyme”! cigarette! "

Can Camels really
be so different?"

AFTER THE BIG YWA SKVSLEEPER, above. has set down in Newark Airport, M. C. Cobcn
was chatting with Hal Snead. chicfpilot ofthc Eastern region, and lszlbcllcjutikins. air hostess.
Hal pulled out his (Ionic-ls and offered them around. And so they got to talking cigarettes!

0N DUTY, Isabelle is a per-
fect hostess! “I notice most
of the passengers on the
TWA run prefer Camels,"
she says. "When conver-
sation turns to cigarettes,
someone always exclaims

. that Camel is certainly the

cigarette that is dill‘crcnt.
The comment I often hear
is,'Caine|s agree with me!”

 

 

NEW DOUBLE-FEATURE
CAMEL CARAVAN

Two great shows—" Jock ()ukic College
and Benny (inodmun's"Swinu School"
—— in one inst. tun-tilled hour.

(in the air every 'liuestluy night at 9:30
pm  S. 'l‘.. 3:30 pm (I. 8.11.7250 nm
M, S.'l‘.. 6:30 n m I’. S. ’I‘.. over \VAHC-
Columbia Network.

 

with me’

t‘u-pimlu. Iran in J. Rum-m). lulmt-vnt'umpms. “melon Salem. Nurlh t'uuluu

 

 

 

 

