  

28,

    
  

STATE COLIJEGE NEWS, OCTOBER

 

 

 

l'l ll Tell All Before College Journalists
 Raymond Clapper, tented neweperer and radio commentator on peo la and
j ‘ events in the nation‘s capital, wi I ive th’e "Confessions of a. Wee ingt n
‘ Columnist" at the Associated Col egiate Press convention in Cincinna i,
November 3, 4 and 5. The president ol the tamed “Gridiron Club", a Uni-
versity page graduate will tell the attenIbled collage journalists all
about what goee on behind-the-ecenee in Wuhlngton.

.sa....,‘......-...m‘ . .

Every Pocltet Had a Silver Lining

. . . when Drelte University students used silver instead ol paper money in melting all their purchases.
Stunt wae uted to prove to merchants how students and laculty members of the Dee Moinee school
added to the tales volurne ol the city's stores. .

- Stulre, No Heat
Strilrere lelt Kent State Uni-
versity's new ,
dormitory cold when they
reluee to connect heat
end lights with the central
tlant. So these two “don-
ey" enginee were hoolted
up to temporarily provide
Itearn heat until the labor
struggle was settled.

    

    

   

 
  

 

" "as! ﬁ‘? 2

WWW m olwwsee

 

 
 
 

1938

leln
earth on its title it the

Swinzin nine ttorieo in an
ol eye in (Mae 9,. this pendulum

Cheering with a 5

It's Betty Belle Schwing adding a highland lling to her pep-
rousing repertoire for the University of Tulsa grid
She's acknowledged to be one of the southweat‘e leading
leminine cheerleaders.

World's Longest Pendulum

unused elevator shalt ol tkytcraping Mantle»
lor maturing rotation at the

eneett el llt tad t

. , (EFT?‘""‘“""i‘i'lf‘tr‘f'f'W’Qt'1W9wMur-enva It-vnrvw  . ,. 

      
 

 

  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 

clawing

$2030".

    
   

n "MIMI.

 
   

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 28, r938 '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Residence Halls
Elect Secretary

Dolan Appoints Committees;
Announces Counsellors,
Head Residents
At their regular house meeting
on last Wednesday. the students of
the Alumni Residence halls elected
Anita Holm, '42, as secretary
for ilie coming year. Other offi-
cers. chosen last spring are: presi—
dent, Della Dolan, 'lli); vice-president,
Mary Trainer, '-it); and treasurer,

Ada Parshaii, '41.

Miss Ilelen Burgher. former social
director at tile dormitory, has left
to take up a position as home
economics teacher at. Philip Schuyler
high school. Her successor. Miss
Mary Morton, is a graduate of Law—
rence college, Wisconsin, She re-
ceived her master‘s degree at Syra-
cuse university.

New head residents oi the various
halls are: North hall, Miss Mabel
McCieary, Oberlin college, ‘38;
South hall, Miss (ii-ace Satan, Brook-
lyn college. '37; Pierce. hail, Miss
lona Cole. Ashltry college, '38; West-
ern hail. Miss Maud Ii‘airchlld, St.
Lawrence university, ‘38.

Student counsellors are: first
tioor, idlame Morse, 'Iili; second floor,
Della l)olah, Virginia Went-her, Re.-
gina Murphy. seniors; third floor.
Helen l’l'llhlli. Betty it‘alion, Dorothy
Maciman. seniors; North hall, Char—
lotte (.‘roslng '15“; South hall, Mar-
garet Smith, '1lti; l’ierce hall, Mary
'l‘ranior; ‘-ltl; Western hall, Ruth
Cass, 'iitl.

Miss l)olan has appointed three
standing committees for the coili-
int'. year, The budget committee
consists of Ada ’arslmil. '-ll, chair-
man. Marjorie llaird, '-lti. Mildred
fling, Virginia Wegener. seniors, and
Pauline lironstein, "l2. litlah it‘oolc,
'iitl, is eiinlt'lnntt of the tictrola t'tllll—
Inittec, itlltl “111 he assisted by Mill‘-
loll Walker. '~itl, and Janet Krnatz.
Viz. Mary 'l'ratnor. "la, is head ot the
social committee and under her arc:
Mat‘Jorte lltrit'ti. "ill; (lttl'ol (itiltlt'll,
liitl’lmi'il i"erree, liouisa Chapman,
sophomores, and Kay Wilson. ltath
Niessen, Marjorie (iayiord, l'reslr-
llil'll.

 

Newman Club to Have

Communion Breakfasii

Newman club \\'iil conduct a l‘or-—
1)t)l‘iilt' (fommnnion hrcakiast Sun—i
day at St, Vincent de Paul churciu
Mass begins at. llzllti o‘clock ill the
(lrotlo of Our Lady of Lourdes, ()n—
tarto street. llre:tl<.l'asl. will be servedl
alter mass in the Vineentlon lnstlv
tale cafeteria.

The Reverend Cyprian Mensmg,
(i. l". M., president. of Sicna col-
lege. Londonville, will he. the prin-
cipal speaker. Charles Kelly, '39,
is chairman of the collililitlee in
charge of arrangements and Law-
t'enco Sti'atincl'u lilil, president, will
act as toustmastcr.

 

Above are. the five candidates for Campus Queen.
Betty llayi‘orti. and Carolyn Mattiee. Regina Murphy and Pearl Sandberg are in the bottom row.

 

Speculation runs high as the
breath—taking moment when this
year's queen is revealed draWs near.
llowever great the suspense, every-
one is agreed that whichever of
the live lovely seniors ascends the
throne, they will gladly shed their
democratic principles to become
loyal subjects of the popularly
elected monarch.

Queen for a day!!! Who??? Will
regal Regina relive her royal reign
or will her position as the most
beautiiul girl of the class of '39
eliange 'cause consensus of classes
('Iitilt'e crowns cute Chris or charm—
ing (‘arolyn Perhaps pretty Pearl's
pienmtillllt'ss puts her in the prime
place. tint bettors on beautiful
lletty belieVe theirs is best bet. At

“any rate these are the same. five

who vvere chosen as the epitome
of pulehritude last year and fifteen
hundred State students can't be
wrong.

Although Campus day originated
in ltiilti lite first queen held court
in 1022! when it was provided that the
students should select the most pop-
ttlar girl of the senior class.

'l'lle. attemlants. a blonde and a
brunette from each class, were to be
chosen by the léixecatiVo committee
of the said class, The first regal
court met. with great success. The
queen, lilthel Rush. '23, presided over
the athletic events, a crown of warm
colored autumn leaves encircling her
fair head.

The dynasty had begun and

gradually throughout the years new

innovations in the royal entourage

sometimes became traditions. Two

of tho qucculy group graced their
throne with home tirade dressas

 

 

twhile proud mothers gazed joyfully
'at their handiwork, To preservo the
first royal raiment, a pillow was
made from the material of the gown,
upon which all future queens were
to kneel to receive the symbol of
their sovereignty.

Another tradition that has almost
always been carried out is to have
the queen that was crowned the pre—
ceding year place the coronct upon
her successor. 'l‘here haVe been
howuvcr, a few exceptions, one of
which proves most interesting. In
1934 the queen of the year pre—
ceeding. Dorothy Cronk, '34, having
lately become Mrs. Howard Dayton
of A.bany, Georgia, was too inac-
cessible to facilitate the performance
of her duties. Of course Myskania
was in a dilemma and the student
body couldn’t imagine who would
be. chosen to atke her place, After
much deliberation Myskania finally
chose a freshman whom they be-
lieved worthy of crowning a queen.
RS, Four years later the same young
lady ascended the throne, the choice
of the entire student body and the
upperclassmcn who witnessed the.
coronation of Elsa Smith '37 will
certainly remember what a lovely
queen she made. Myskania had set
them an emunpic of regal beauty and
they did not go wrong in following.

of course there is always specu-
lation as to what color hair graces
the brow oi’ the next ruler. Do gen—
tleinen prefer blondes, brunettes,
brownettes or red-heads? The result
of past elections have revealed
them impartial but with a slight
leaning towards the fair-haired miss.
There have been all toll-seven

 

blondcs, live brunettes. three brown-

In the top row reading left to right are Christine Aries,

 

 

ettes and only one titlan. What a
day that must have been for the
Irish. Of the present candidates we
have three brunettes. one brownctte
and one blonde. By the law of
averages one might say brunette
would be the best bet but one can't
tell really what the preferred stock
is this year.

With every queen a sorority group
has proudly gazed upon a sister.
Five of our college sororities have
been represented, Delta Omcgo hav-
ing the most. In order of the num-
ber of queens each had their list
as follows: Delta Omego, five; Eta
Phi, four; Psi Gamma, three; Chi
Sigma Theta, two, and Kappa Delta.
one. Among the candidates this
year tour sororities are represented
Kappa Delta by Betty I‘Iayi'ord and
Carolyn Mattice, Chi Sigma Theta
by Regina Murphy. Alpha islpsilon
Phi by Pearl Sandbcrg, and Gamma
Kappa Phi by Christine Adcs. Will
one of the. sororities add another to
their list of queens or will a new
group‘s heart swell with pride as
one of their carers receives the
crown.

Queens have often been selected
in the past not only for personal
beauty and charm but for popularin
and participation in extra-curricular
activities as wall. This is borne out
by the fact that all but three queens
wore also members of Myskania. The
exceptions Were Florence Friedman,
.iz, Rita Kane, '36, and Lucille Zak,
.38. Of this years candidates three
are members of Myskania. Again
the law of averages may enter in
predictions of who is to be queen.
You laws to admit Myskania gets

 

©Keating to Play

For Senior Hop

Aden ls Chairman of Event;
Ten Eyck to Be Scene
of Annual Affair

 

 

Guests at this year's Senior Hop
will dance to the music of Ray
Keating and his WOR orchestra.
Dancing is to be enjoyed from 10:00
to 2:00 o'clock Friday at the Hotel
Ten Eyck.

Sweet music lovers of this vicinity
will welcome Ray Keating as a. mas-
ter of sweet renditions of the more
popular melodies. Vocal inter-pola-
tions are to be supplied by Al Carney.

Bids for this affair will sell for
$3.00 and may be obtained any day
next week in the rotunda from
10:00 to 3:00 o'clock. Bids will also
be sold at the door.

Last year, the Senior Hop was
held at the Colonie Country Club,
but this season the Class of 1939
has returned this first event of
State’s formal season to its tradi-
tional ballroom.

Christine Ades. '39, is general
chairman for the event. She will
be assisted by committees chair-
maned as follows: programs, J.
Edmore Melanson and June Palmer;
music, Gordon Tabner; arrange-
ments, Clement Wolfe; decorations,
Kay Adams; flowers and taxis, Mur-
iel Barry; invitations and bids,
Charlotte Fox; chaperoncs, Elinor
McGrecvy; and door, George Amyot.

Advance announcements indicate
that an unusual decoration scheme
will be followod and Mclanson prom-
ises programs, more novel than any
previously selected.

Senior Hop weekend will be
climaxed on the following evening
by house dances at the various sor-
orities.

Dramatic-s and Arts
Will Present Actor

lv‘amous Englishman to Give
Sketches of Stage Lil‘o

Virginia Bolton, ’30, president of
Dramatic and Arts association, an-
nounces the stile of tickets for the
appearance of Wilfrid Walter, famed
ltlnglish actor, on Monday night.
November '1, in Page hall auditorium,
Reserved seats for the performance
will be seventy-five. cents. Seats for
students will be obtainable in ex-
change l'or their student tax tickets
at a table in the rotunda during the
last week in October

Mr. Walter, a famous playwright.
painter, and producer as well as
actor. is best known for his Shakes-
pearian chariuacriaations. As a
member of Leslie. Howard's company
in their road presentation of “Ham-
let.” hc has won with: acclaim, In
addition he has gained recognition
on both sides of the Atlantic for his

 

around.

 

clover monologues.

Page 3

One of Five Beauties Will Reign Over College on Campus Day ,

    
  
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
   
     
   
 
 
   
    
   
    
 
      

      

        
          
   
       
          
       
      
       
          
       
         
        
 
      
       
    
 
     
   
        
         
    
         
   
   

      

