 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER ll}, 1938

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asoclation
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINU IV

National Advertising Serwce, inc.
College Publisher: Representative
420'Mllolson AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
culcuo - nonan ' Lon ANOILII - SM ruucuco

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Eco/m B. O’Hom .. .   Editor-in-Chief
JEAN Srnouo ............ ..  C’o-Editor-in-Ohie/
ROBERT E. HERTWIO  ................................ .. Managing Editor
Orro J. Hown ...... .. Associate Managing Editor
Leomno E. KOWALSKY . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youuo  Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BILZI .. .. ,, Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON ....... .. .. Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CAS'l‘lOLlNE .. .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin ..  .. ..   Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark . ..  Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan . Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley . . Assistant Sports Editor

 

 

   
  
 

 

 

 

Feature Editors
Saul Grecnwald Charles Walsh

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycoek,
J. Edmorc Mclanson, Alice Bartlow,
Robert Cogger

Assistants to Business Board

Assistant Business Manager .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager ..  Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ................ .. Mary Gabriel

Business Staff
Marion Ayotte, Ray Carroll, Elizabeth Donahue, Nor-
man Levy, Miriam Newell, Betty Parrott, Enes
Novelli, Madeline Scesny, Catherine Schafer

Reporters

Alice Abelove. Anna Acee, Josephine Autilio, William
Brophy, Janet Busacker, Noreen Cappiello. Harriet
Conklin, Mary D’Arienzo, Dora De Michele, Frieda
Diamond, Dennis Dole, Beatrice Dower, Doris Dygert,
Betty Elson, Sylvia Greenblatt, Adeline Kadgis, Helen
Leary, Mary Grace Leggett, Rose Lison, Beatrice
Marashinsky, Ann McGuinness. Hyman Meltz, Vt!!—
liam Miller, John Murray, Catherine O‘Bryan, Evelyn
Olivet, Clarence Olsen. Sally Pine, il'cnc Pogor,
Elizabeth Pl'itchard, Anne Rattl'ay, Charlotte Ritchie,
Isabella Robinson, Ruperta Simmons, Louise Sllell,
Tillie Stern.

Another Tragedy?

“All the \\'UI'I1I'H 1| Hinge lillll llll tllc lllcn lulll wunlcn
morcly plllycrn.”

  

 

 

—Hlll\lil'2hil'l'll\ltl‘l.

Evory once in a while something appeals
to our cultural taste and at the same time
entertains us. Such a combination was
achieved in the Greek tragedy presented
last year at Commencement time.

This year, so far, we have not even
heard a rumo' about the follow—up to this
d 'ama. Frankly, we are worried. We feel
that one of the best inno phone may have
been dropped from our calendar. it is not
often that good new ideas i'iltcr ill, and
when such ideas do, we believe that they
should be continued and enlarged upon.

Work on last year’s play started very
early and we bclicvc that if we are to im-
prove that productiol'l, plans for the drama
should begin illlmcdilltcly. The drama fits
nicely lllto tho (Tonllncnccmcllt program
and was illtcrcst’ng and could be more so
with more carefully laid plans slnl'lcd now.

if lllc idca has ill-l‘ll dl'oppcd, wo sup;
gust that tho sponsors still"! planning,r l'ol'
unolhcr spring production. it lllcy fch
thcrc is a lock of llll.(‘l'l':-'l. ill such ll produc-
lion, \vc llllllk that if lllcy illllll'llll‘ll lo llll'
dl'llllulllcs class or thc rillllllflll. body lllcy
could find llumcl'ous Villillllll'l‘n' lo Hill ill
tho wol'll.

Stall: has too few cultu'ul ad 'lultllgcs
of this type. it would be a great shame if
a worthwhile th’ng should be dropped.
After all the (frocks had a word for it-~
we hope it isn’t-Nuls!

 

 

Feud for Thought

 

 

 

Commentstater

(THE COMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author 0! this column. though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE News.)

The feud is on! Yes, with a roar of deﬁance, Leo
himself burst upon an unsuspecting State college audi—
ence this week. Your Commentstater was highly hon-
ored in being presented with a personally autograph-
ed copy shortly before its general circulation. Strange-
ly enough, your Commentstater laughed at some of the
feature articles, to the amazement and disgust of the
entire News board. However, ’lest our enthusiasm
carry us beyond the realm of reason, We will employ
our critical mind to analyze State's humor magazine.
Why? Simply this—there is a time-honored feud an-
nually carried on by the members of the News and
Lion boards. How they ever work harmoniously with
the same printer is the subject of no little wonder.
The News, being strictly a journalistic effort, cannot
carry on this feud in its mm. columns, so the Com-
menstater will endeavor to bear the Nlllvs' share of
the fight. En garde, Cuthbel'tl

In the first place, we think that Lee deliberately
tried to misinterpret the grand old game of football!
When "holding" and “passing” become technical terms
of the great indoor sport, then it is time for all loyal
touch-football players to raise their voices in righteous
indignation! In the second place, We resent their
imaginary stadium. It is quite evident that they have
never witnessed one of the hair-raising soccer games
played by the girls' gym classes on the greensward in
back of the dormitory! or the W.A.A. archery outfit
—and if you don't believe us, see Betty Clark!

However, we wish to be fair! There were little
gems of truth behind the facetious statements and
puns. In the play by play description of the imaginary
game betwoen State and Dartmug, our hero, Porter-
edge. moves toward the Cafeteria, where he is repulsed
by a strong line. That's no lie! And We might say,
ditto for the Annex. The congestion there from eleven
to one runs a close second only to Times Square on
New Year's eve.

Another high spot was the poem bemoaning the
Mailbox situation. True enough, Leo. You have to
use gridiron tactics to get the note that mcans life or
death to you.

To return to our analysis. we refer you to the
cover of the Lion. We was robbed. Wc perused the
“mag” page by page. but We couldn't find any trace
of "Racket Boosters" or “Slivers from the Skirt of a
Wllirling Dcrvisll"—«all of which goes to disprove the
reliability of the magazine. We also deplore the free
advertising given a local establishment by the poem
on page 13, column 2. Disgusting!

We are forccd to admit one thing. Lco promised
Us a laugh per issue, and We found one. That was in
the editor’s statement that the game scheduled be—
tween State and Notre Dame was purely fictitious.
Touche, Richard!

Boo/e of the Wee/e:
Current Events 03. Crisis

by J. Edmorc Melanson, ’39
l Broadcast the Crisis, by H. V. Kaltenborn, Random
House, 1938, 360 pages. $2.00.
(On sale in the co-op)

Hot off the press, and hot off the wire is this source
book written by the soux‘Cc itself; a fact manual writ—
ten by one of the main factors himself.

H. V. Kaitcnborn, the radio commentator who
covered the. Czechoslovakian war scare for the Colum-
bill Broadcasting systcm, loss than two months ago.
has colnplh-d ll lll.'W lypc of story on tho .sccllc behind
the day—by-dlly dcscl'lptioll of events as thcy rapidly
occul'l'cd. Thc bcok is written lll ll (lllll‘y stylc, Willi
olcllogl'llphlc llllllutcs of lllc llllllly "llllsllcs." illlcl'vicv/s
and collllllclllx from Paris, Rolllc. Munich, London.
Washington, i’l‘uguc, and MW York in: Lllcy Wcl'c
broadcast during Lhc hcllt of the cl'lkis.

liy rclldlllg llll' radio scripts. Just as lllcy Wl-l'o
i'l'lill oycl' I.ln~ illl' (llll'llll; this pcl‘loll. ()lll' ('llll l'l'll\’l‘,
nnd l'l-.~.cll:.l- llll' l'llpld dcvclopnlclll cl llll' (31cc!)
ll‘ollblrs l'l'olll Scplcnlln-l' l'J, will-ll l’l’l'Hlfll'lll. lil‘lll‘h
ll!‘:~.! Hilllkl‘ oll llli' ccnlllcl, lllllll llll' ;:lllllllllltlllll ol lllc
olllbl'cnkl. wuh llll' Mulllch i'llllll‘i'l‘lll'l'.

ill illi' .‘ilM'l llnn- lilll'l‘\l lllln; :-l!l!‘l' llll' collclusloll
of lllc loul'—poWl-l' l'llllll‘l'l'lll'l', Kiilll‘llll.ll'll lulr; writlcll
ll llillhll'l'lf,’ tulllllllllloll oi oi! llull ll‘llllhllll'l'll lllh'lllg
llll llll‘lll' lllcluh ol Hl'pll'llllll'l'

 

 

"ill Hcplclulll-l“ u’lllw. liillllcllbol‘ll. "wllr l'illlll‘
chmcr lll‘llll ll hnu colnl- ‘llll‘l‘ [lll‘ Alllllhlll'l‘ Wl‘ Wl'l'l'
~ll'.ld ll’l.lll \illl', i :1!!! comb llll, by llll' llloblllmllon
of mold rpnluh lol ))l'iii'l‘. wlli'll Ilu- l'l'lhlh l'zllllc, wc

llnd llul:.lcl‘c(i ll llll'i'i‘ of which \vl- klll-w lilillllhl nothing
1!! Hill Alllcl'lcll, wnll lllc only ill-c t'llillii systcnl lll
llll' \lol'ld lodlly, h-d llll- Wily."

“'l‘llc bcnl lll‘gunlcnl. for ]l(‘ill'(! is not lll'gunlcnt at
all " hc collllllucs, “but colllphlo illl'ol'llllltloll. In tho
cllol'ls (f ollc gl'clll bl'olldcllsllllg systcln to bring lllc
Alllol'lclln pcoplc colllplclc lllilli'lllilllllll on tho Sep—
lclnbcr crisis, I played a part. This book is a record
of ii."

Personal
Viewpoints

(EGO is given the widest lati-
tude as author of this column,
though his viewpoints do not
necessarily always reflect those
of the STATE COLLno News.)

Well, here we go again! It
seems we were only babes in arms
when they had the last war. So
they’re back to get us now. It's
only a matter of time. The ﬂags
have already begun to wave.
Last Sunday's newspapers all
carried a touching article—it
was paid for, in many in-
stances—to the effect that We
should give our aid to the poor
oppressed; only last Friday, did
our speaker fondly hope that we
would face catastrophe bravely,
should it come.

Well, We say fooeyl There's
been just about enough of this
war talk. We say wake up from
this darn-fool stupor and take
a look at what our so-called
world leaders are trying to argue
us into. It‘s about time that the
youth of this country did some—
thing about the sltuation, and
it's going to be We college kids
who are going to have to do the
leading. 'Nuff said!!!

Ill # ﬂ

 

That taken care of, we
can add to the number of
things that we want Campus
commission to take out of the
mailboxes. For goodness sakes!
What happened to ALL those
rules and regulations for notes
and the time that a note can wait
to be claimed. It's bad enough
to have to ﬁght your way to
the mailbox, Without having to
thumb through a pile of last
month's advertisements,

Thank you—
EGO

 

Hellenics

 

 

The tilnc is soon coming when.
all good little sororities will start‘
polishing up their pledge pins—not
to mention other things! But be-
fore that comes Thanksgiving (and
llOW) and right now—Greek news.

Phi Delta offers us the following
information: Jane Weir, ‘41, recent.
1y became a pledge, while Alicia Vail
and Marion McCousland, also sopho-
mores, were initiated. Phi Dell; con-
ducted a buffet supper for their fac-
ulty, and the following new honor-
ary mcmbel‘s were initiated: Mr.
Jesse F. Stinard. professor of Span-
ish, and Mrs. Stinard; Mrs. Martha
Egclston. instructor ill history; and
Mr. D. W. Snadcr, supervisor of
mathematics. and Mrs. Snadcr.
chkcnding it at Phi Dclt were Eve-
lyn Hamman, Esther Smith, ’Ii'lcrs,
and Mary Burlingamc, '38.

In our book of wedding announce—
ments g0 two lnorc. those from
Kappa Delta; Marie Judd, '30, to
Ralph Derby, and Emma Mcadc, ’36,
to Raymond King.

Our wcckcnd guest book begins to
overﬂow, with the latcst new from
Phi Lambda. Visitors were Winifred
Hurlbut, '31, Esther Mead, Nile
Clclncns Pcl'l'inc, Lucile Wamcley.
'32, Genevieve Shal'ly. ’34, Marion
Porter, '35. Mario Maynard, Mill'-
garct Blll'ncttc. Virginia Dunn, Tillers,
llclcn Sllutill, Mllnlic (lcorgclf, Eve—
lyn Lindros. Laura Ferris. '37, and
(if‘l‘ll‘lldi) Tl'yoll, Martha Schcld,
Klllhl'yn Carlson, illl(l .loscphillc
l’lbkll, 'Iilil~l“s.

Vlhlllll'ﬁ llt Al'll’lll, Wl'l‘l: Mlll‘lllil
ltohllck I’lolllick, '37. find li‘lol‘cllcc
l-.'Ilcll, ’35. Alu‘i’hi lllllloullccs llli' l)ll'lll
ol :l bllby (hlllghlcl' lo llcss Illu‘l—
llllllll ltilhl‘ll. ’35.

Al. Slgnul Alplnl, lllllWlllll Hllycl'

lllld l“l(ll'l'lll'l' llilnll'osc, both of ('lilh‘.
of 'iill, \\‘l'l‘l' visilol's, Mrs, [“l‘lllll'l“~.
('l‘l‘lllll, .‘llllll'l'l'lhlll' ol li‘l'cncll. llil(l
lulllllolld l"l.‘»lii‘, lllhll‘lllfllll‘ ill chclll.
ihll')‘, llllvc coll:.clllcd lo bcc.lllll- llon—
‘lll':li'\' llll'llllJl‘l'h of tho hlil‘lll‘ll)’.
, Alplln itllo llllllllllllCi‘S thc llllll'~
‘,i'llii;l‘ ll ill-lly Hillwhllll, ’30, to Will'-
l‘l‘ll lilll'llloll ol lilif‘lll‘hll'l', :llld oi
itlllll Wlllllgll, '35, lo ('Jlllll'lcl. Mllflill,
lhllh, (lcl'llldnlc l’lcill, Killl'lllc
ltoyll. sophonlol'cs, Klilllll'l'll liulicl'.
’Iill, AllHllhlll Hllulnllllll, luld l‘lllle-
bl-lh Arthur, sclllors, illch bccll ill-
lllulcd lllto full lllclllbcl'shlp.

Vivillll Salisbury, '30, Margaret
Willswol'lll. '34. were chkclldol's ill.
Alpha ltho. while Janice Voch ol'
Syl'llcusl- university. Gol'tl'udc Holl—

 

 

State ’8 Stage

Thrilling tragedies—
Captivating character
Superb setting

 

 

 

______PLAYGOER
Our hats are off to you. AdVanced
Dramatics! Those plays are 3”“
getting better and better. Take last
Tuesday’s productions for instance.
Miss Sullivan’s play was a beauti-
ful—there’s no other word—presen-
tation. Mr. Wells literally trans-
ported us to the Atlantic with what
ls probably the most authentic and
most original set we have had.

It’s almost a shame that We have
to really work to find something to
criticise, but that's getting to be
the case.

In the ﬁrst play, Mr. Wells', the
set was the first thing to catch the
eye, With lights perfectly subdued
to the mood. and sounds effects that
went off without a hitch, one was
half carried away. Add to that. the
thorough prertcnding of Messrs.
Weiss and Doran, and the support-
ing work of the rest of the cast,
and you have the play which,
thrilled all a!togetllcr-too-small au-
dience last Tuesday.

Of course, we did notice that many
of Mr. Weiss' lines were lost be-
cause of his character. It's just
pcssible that that upper bunk helped
muffle it—you’ve got to watch those
insigniﬁcant details, directors—to-
come. The characters of the crew,
while not thoroughly defined were
readily recognizable from their
speech, and we did so like that
Swede. Mr, Meltz gave the captain
a hard unconcern that even for
the short time he was on the stage
was marvelously sustained. Con-
gratulations to Mr. Wells!

As regards the second play, we
must again state that Miss De-
Cotis’ versatility is going to prove
her, in spite of herself, one of the
best actresses We have, Her poig—
nant portrayal carried the play
above all petty annoyances-—annoy-
anccs such as that bellying “cheater”
that glowered down on the stage,
that hidden hand that closed the
door. Her performance was such,
that We doubt if the audience, as a
whole, even noticed them.

Close behind her some  Don-
nclly. While she had ll bcaulii'ul
character olltlillcd, it’s a shame that
so many of her spccchcs wcrc-r-so to
spcllk—-—lost ill dialect. The same
lhing happened to MiSs Gl'ofl.

Mr. Walters, ill his brief bit, was
a thoroughly adequate son. Wc
llCVCl" realized the possibilitics of
the Wailers bl'oguc before, The
kccnlng group deserves special lncn-
tioll. Thcir wailing was most ox—
ccllcntly done. May We also con-
gratulate Miss Sullivan for her con-
tribution to the night's entertain-
lllcllt.

One thing . , . we heard scvcral
comments from the audience to the
effect that they came to be amused
and While they didn't dislike good
acting, they would like a few laughs.
Watch the plays you put together
on the same bill.

Thc preview of the Mask and Wig
show gives us promise of a pleasant
Dccclnbcr cvcnillg ill thc llClll' fu—
llll‘C. Wc’Vc needed a group to re-
place the dcl'unct ’l‘loubndoul‘s -—
maybe the Collcgc housc lads will
do it.

Appointment
Bureau

'i‘hc Allpllll'llllllfllt blll'cllu illi-
llollnccs lhcl'c will be ll incl-ting of
:.l‘!ll(ll'h llllll gl'lldulllc hilltlllllh ill
[room 20 all 4:30 o'clock on ’i‘lllll'mllly,
lliccclllbcl' l. ’i‘lu- lllcclllll', will in:
lo (-Xplillll lllc \l'ol'klllg:. of llll‘ bu-
l‘l'lill Huggcsllr llh oll zlpplyulg llll' ll
po:.llloll will also lJl,‘ ll li‘lillll'l' o! lllc
lllcl'llllu.

lllllncdllllcly lllll'l‘ lilc l'cgullll'
llll-cllllg llll-l'c wd! bc ll :.p cllll llll‘l'l—
on; of [hom- [Ji'i'hllllh who llll\'(‘ :,l;'.llcd
up il)!’ ('llllllllllll'l' \lol'k. lVl!‘ l‘nul
liulgcl', :3l.‘('l‘l'lill'_\' ol lhc lllll'l‘llll \l'lll
.'l'lll!ll l'l'onl ills ‘izcl~-ncqllnllllc<l' loul'
ol lllc sllltll's lillJ,lI schools. Wl'illll‘.‘l~
dlly.

’l‘llc dcndlllu- for lllc ollc dolllll'
l'llllll'lllllllllll is, Monday. Nchlnbcl'
Lill, lhc dny llllcl' ’l‘llullksglvlllg rc-
('l'hS. 'i‘hc pnylllclu. only Do lnlulc
iii any lilllc ill rooul 12! A.

1939 to Conduct Revote
’I‘hc scnlor class will conduct rc-
votcs for tho cl'flce of W. A. A. rcp—

 

lllan Cohen, ’20. and Lee Glcckner.
'30, visited at PA’i‘.

l'csclltnllve today. immediately after
assembly.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 18, 1938

Page 3 .

 

Stale Harriers
To Meet A'ggies
In Final Contest

Rival Squads Will Compete
on Local Park Course
Tomorrow at Two

The State cross country squad will
launch its final effort to eke out a
victory and prevent a winless sea-
son when the harriers play host to
Morrisville Agricultural college here
tomorrow in a meet marking the end
of this year's schedule.

The trot booked to start at 2:00
o'clock, will be run over the same
3.4 mile Washington-Lincoln park
course employed in last Saturday's
encounter with Alfred.

Undismayed by the string of three
defeats behind them. the boys are
all the more vehemently pursuing
their practice program with the in—
tent of putting forth their stiflcst
competition in the coming clash. Not
since 1934, when cross country was
initiatcd here as ll varsity sport, has
the purple and gold found it neces-
sary to bow to all competition. A
similar fate looms before tllc team
if it falls to conlc through with a
victory tomorrow.

State fans are again reminded that
the best vantage point for spectators
will be along Inglewood place where
the barriers swing into the ﬁnal
stretch.

New Record Set

In last week's contest which the
Pcds dropped to Alfred, 30-19, a new
time was set for the 3.4 mile Course
by the opposition, Guilford ﬁnish—
ing first in 17.20.

Russ and Manley displayed the
best performance for State, ﬁnish-
ing fourth and fifth in 18:15 and
18:20 respectively. Russ also showed
up well ill the previous meet against
Cobleskill.

Manlcy, a sophomore, is showing
great progress this season, and ac-
cording to Captain Tony Wilczynski,
should prove valuable to next fall's
aggregation.

New uniforms have been received
by the squad members and were
donned for the first time in the
Alfred lllcct.

Council Chooses
All-Stale Team

’l‘llbulatioll of a poll, conducted
among the itllllL‘llC officials of State
by tile sports dcpartlllcllt of the
NEWS this wcck, resulted in tllc sc-
lccl.ion of the All-State Intramural
touch football team.

K.D.R., lcngllc champions, and Al-
bully. l'unllcrs-up. each placed two
men on tllc first team, while Collcgc
house and Potter club cuch contri-
butcd cllc lllcmbcr. Tile second
team was monopolizcd by College
house and KDR, Collcgc 11: use gain-
ing four positions and KDR the
other two.

Bill Torrens. shifty splll'kplug of
thc Collcgc house tcllln, was voted
tllc most \‘lilliﬂlllL‘ player ill tllc
lcllgul- and given the quarterback
posillon. Bill "Wimpy" Barrett of
Albany was placed ill tllc blocking
buck posilion willl "'l‘olld" Fall'-
bllllks of KDR rounding out llll‘
bllcklicld. lll lhc cud llllhlllllllh‘ lll'l'
Jllul Schlllitz of Albany illl(l Will
ii‘l'lllllclu of Pollcr club, bolll cxccl-
lclll [Jilﬁlh l'cccircrs and dc! unlvc
llll'll. Stch Illlll of KIJR (.‘(illlpll'tl‘h‘
tllc ll‘lllll ul, ('l‘llll'l'.

"thcxc" l.clllllllll lillll Will!
lllll'lll‘l' ol (,,‘(lllcl;c llllllhi! lllld Ulll
lll'oplly ol Kim l‘llllllll‘nl‘ lllc buck-

 

almost as good. Question—Just what
is your conception of the word
Minerva? The Roman goddess of
wisdom? Nope, sorry. All right,
then, the Roman name for the
Greek goddess, Athena. Wrong
again! The name of that White
statute in the rotunda of Draper
hall at N.Y.S.C.T.? We'ell, you're
getting warmer. Come on, you'll win
a prize yet.

 

 

Winter Season

Camp
Concerning

Query

 

B. C.

Well, here we are, ridillg our pet
hobby again. Yep, you guessed it,
Camp Johnston and its apparent
lack of LURE! We admit we're
stupid. to begin with. so it always
lakes time for us to catch on to
these subtle things. But this one has
us hollering “Mammy” and chasing
the squirrels in the park. We just
don't get it. Alld lyah! yahi) We
aren‘t the only ones who are puzzled.
Everyday, ordinary. normal people
can't quite dope it out. So we
haven't a chance of solving the prob-
1cm.

Ah. but wait! Maybe you can
render invaluable assistance. Hunll?
Here‘s the situation—Camp Johnston
is located on a lovely little plot of
ground overlooking a creek out in
Chatham; the cabin is watertight
and warm (Well, as warm as you
could expect a cabin to be); eighteen
of the twenty-one bunks are
equipped with inner-spring mat-
tresses; tableware is sufficiently
sufficient; and the kitchen oil-stove
works like one of the new electric
marvels. So much for the cabin it—
self. The surrounding country is
pleasantly hilly or pleasantly ﬂat, de.
pending on how you take your coun-
ll'ysidc. An outdoor bathtub flows
,pasl the front door of the cabin. In

 

 

ulct, camp is a reasonably exact
,l’ncslmile of an attractive place to
sptlld outdoor weekends.

why people act as though the space
\VL‘I‘C plastered with small-pox quar—
ililllllc signs.

Do let us know what is wrong—
\VL' just can't stand this horrible
suspense of not knowing what causes
Ctllllll to stand lollciy and unused—
alld not knowing what to do about
ll!

MAA. lnlramurals
Begin Winter Season

MCII'S intramural athletics are
blazing ahead at full speed. Spurred
on by the fine success of tennis.
touch football and the other sports.
the council has been working on ncw
llclds.

Tllc spotlight at the present tllnc
is focused on bowling. Three matches
hllvc bccn played to date, the win-
ncl's bring tllc Grads, Illc Commu—
lcl's, and Sigma Lambda Sigma.

This year's bowling lczllns will
hllvc thl'cc llll‘llllX‘l‘H on our!) sound.
lllll'llllllll‘lll council has dccidcd to
i-qulp lhc ll‘lllll wilh lll'W cotton
ruin! shirts, cllcll ll'iilll having dif-
ll‘i'l‘lll colors. lau'l'y Sll'nllllcr,
pl'l‘sidcnl. of lllll'llllllll'lll council. has
lilili'l'il illlll linccl ill clull'gc o! lllc
llllltlcl'. Nlll'lllilll llchcl', lll‘ll(l ol
lllc bowling conlnlillcc. sllllcs lhlll
llu- l’lllllcc llllcys hnvc l'!‘.‘»l'l‘\'l‘(l slx

 

0
This is not Professor Quiz but

That‘s why We can‘t understand

Minerva Competes with Mailbox
As State College Social Spot

 

Ah—there it is. Of course! It's
as easy as nothing. Minerva is
shorthand for one of the chief gath-
ering sports of State college students.
Didn’t know that, did you? Well,
we didn’t realize it either until We
heard ﬁve out of six dates made with
Minerva as the “center of attrac-
tion"—-as the chemist would put it.

So one ﬁne afternoon, we planted
ourselves in a seat near this illus-
trious statute, held a note-book be-
fore us and opened our eyes and ears
to all. We were not disappointed.
Here is a brief resume.

Act I, Scene 1: A girl stands
alone, her arms loaded with books.
She is apparently watching for
someone. Suddenly another girl
rushes over to her exclaiming,
“Where were you, I waited and
waited near the mailbox." Other
girl: “The mailbox! I said Minerva.
It's 100?: safer." Exit two girls. You
see, the mailbox has a rival.

Scene 2: At two-thirty ill the
same afternoon two fellows stand
by Mincl'va's spear looking for their
dates. Here they come. "Hurry up!"
one exclaims, “let's get to the park—
the devil with classes when the
Weather is so nice." The girls
sigh, “Oh!” And they walk out
with the fellows. Romance is in
the air.

Scene 2: A group of girls just
out of a class simultaneously stop
before Minerva. Remarks are fast
and furious. “That so and so spring-
ing a test on us!" “For Heaven's
sake, Fran. what was the answer to
that third question?" “Forget about
the test, how was your date last
night?" “Tall and dark — period!"
We timed them. It was ten minutes
before the group broke up.

Act 11, Scene 1: Early in the
afternoon. This time a fellow stands
besides Minerva. Finally a girl joins
him. Girl: “Since you're so nice to
walk lne home, I know you'd love
to carry my books.” And off they
go.

Scene 3: Two fellows on their
way home stop before the statue
and critically view it, First boy: “So
this was the cause of all the trouble
last year. My oh my!" Second boy:
“A measly ﬁnger at that!!" You
guessed it. they were freshmen.

By that time we were both con-
vinced and tired. So what (lid we
do? Went down, donned our coat
and hat, waded through some notes
lill the mailbox. went up, and waited
for our gal friend—near Minerva!

Wham—(lungs
Awards for Fall

With the close of W. A. A.'s fall
season. lch sports will be deleted
from the scllcdulc for at least one
season. They are archery. badmin-
ton, hockey, soccer and tennis. cap-
tained respectively by Grace Moon,
‘41, Virginia Elson, '40, Louise Hess—
llcy. ‘40. Marge Baird, ’40, and Olive
Baird, '41. The captains have re-
ported to the associations the follow—
ing persons who will receive credit
for participation ill fall sports,

Archery: Woolschlagcr, '39; Kings—
ley, Schccr, juniors; Dygcrt, Kadgis,
Larson, Farshllll. sophomores;
Adams, Bush. DcAllgclis, Evans.
Fl'lllll, King, Kylc, Lcc, Mllllcl', Oz-
lllon, ltubllr. Stlu'tzc, ’I‘l'owbl'ldgc.
Trumbull. Wing, fl'cshnlcll.

lilldlllillton: Machlln, ’39; Buncc,
Elhull. juniors; Cllgllnck, Conklill. El-
.son, Mix. Nol'bcl'g, Plll'kcl', Pl‘llchlu'd.
lliluli, ltlllllllSUll, Sollccito, Sll‘l'll,
i'l'l'lllll, Willll'llll Woicik, srnlholllol'cs;
,illllck, lll'cgc. hill'llt‘tt, flush, Cum-
;llllllgs, l"l'illll, l'lllllhlllilll‘l', Johnson.
Mt'lhiliic,

 

l.lllll.',\\'l)l'lll,\', Ollnslcnd.

ilcld of llli' m-l'olld ll-nlll, wull (fol-Enlicyo l'ol' Slzllc slullcllls oll MUll'iINqHIi-V, I)‘ll(ll',§(”l, 51mm“, Stu-(mm,
ll-lil- hollsc'n Educ llllll Pcnlllc, :lllll‘dlly llllilllh. Tin-:JHIH-n, '
Kim“! Cilllllll'll'lll illlllll'. lin- Ilium-1 loll cull; \\'lll>ll1!l In; ll! illll :.\\'llllf ‘ Hwy...“ Muppmn, '35); ppm
““‘HV-‘i li“-"““‘““- 1"! dilll‘ !\\!“i.\:~l'\l‘li “it‘ll 110V“ lilh.‘.lll',\ King, lllllllll'h} ('llii]lllllll!:
ill topping lllc ll'lllilll', llllll 'lcnlcd l"llllll'll llllh' llli"!l|lllll.‘. ol [)llllll'l- pop-y, Hunt, Pcnk, l’clll. Wood,
lillll. :lll.ll::-.cd li lllllll ol loo pollm llllln', lll llllh lll‘lllllllll pnnlnln Ncw ,,,,lg,,,np,l-,.g; 151mm,,1)”..H,(;]],“m-,.,
ill \\l!l!IIll', :l \l‘!) lglllllc. ’l‘ln‘ (llll\ Illsclllg l'illllllllll'ill \vlll lll‘ plll‘clnlsl-d armor, mm, Hollll, Il‘\’ill]J,. Mycl's,
ll‘lllli In in Ill lllclll :c l'!‘ll“:-. um. A! ooll, l’lllllh llil\(' bc ll llnld - lo (“lll- .()'1),ml,.]1, pumpnmg, Tum, “IMF
lJilIl\ \lho louuhl llll'lll to n lhll!!-- dccl llli'hl‘ ccllllsl: lll llll' Mllln- hlgh 11”“

my, on lli‘ lllcldl-lllzllly. Allllill‘, on.»
llll:l'llll‘ll on, .lhllollgh phlllln; lllo
l.l'ul‘cll':h llcn.

'l‘llc lnlnl hillllllllllgh show Killt on

top, llu'll Alblllly, (‘ollcgc ilousc, Ito-3

i':_\lllll:l:-lulll on Mt lldlly lllld \Vl'dlll'b.

-(lll,\‘ ll'lllll -i 250 lo .‘l I!!! o‘clock. 'l‘lus.

:.pol‘l Inn. bcl-ll lllll'lihll'll lo llcl'b
,I-l'lulkcl. '30.
This lllll'l'illlllll ill. 5:00 ( 'clock will

bill llllll, Slgnlll Lulllbdll Slguul bc lhc llclldllnc for all tllllhi‘ \vlshlng
(‘lillllllllll'i'th thnl'cl‘, Avalon, l’ol.l.cl"lo [)ill‘lll'llhiL.‘ ill bnskclbllll, lulllbhllg,

club, illlll Kllppll liclu.

llllli bowling llllskctbllll will be—

Hl.l'l'.’l'2 llllil'd, Klllg, Kingslcy,
l’l'thll‘lMtzkll. Schcl-r, jllllllll'h; l-iunl.
Mllll‘l', hlljlllllillfll'l‘h, lll‘lcl'loll, Bczll'd,
C. lhcch. M lillrlfll, Cllhlllllllll. Dull‘y,
.(iullolll. lllglls, Williams. l'l'cslllncll.

'l‘cllllis; Kul'lllnskl, Woolschlllgcr,
sclliol's; Koziol, Pl'alllcr, juniors;
Blurd, lilu'llctt, Beers, Bcl'kowitz.

 

 

’l‘hosl: who llldcd ill selecting this gill on ’i‘ucsdlly, Novelllbcl' 29 at llccl's, Crolllic, D'Al'l‘icnzo, (llelllll‘.

ll‘lilli Wcl'c lhc individual! (Blllllillllb

'l:30 o’clock, llll(l will continue at

nlcnlbcl's of lllll'llllllll'ill council and that time whenever games arc

the prcsidcnt of M.A.A.

sclldulcd.

llullt, Larson. Miller. Pogor. Ritchie.
sopllUlllOl‘L‘S; Doyle, Lellowilz, Niesen,
Sturtze, freshmen.

Whhbhm
Winter Schedule

Sports Include Hikmg, .Rld-
ing, Basketball, Swnmmmg,
Fencing, Bowling
Wednesday, November 16, was the
date of the end of Women’s Athletic
association’s fall season, and the be-
ginning of the winter season which
will extend until January 20. With
the change in seasons, Elizabeth
Allen. ’39, president of the associa-
tion, announced a new program of

sports.

Bowling will be captained by Olive
Baird, '41. Games will be played at
the Rice Bowling alleys on Tuesdays
and Thursdays from 3:30 to 5:00
o'clock. Completion of twelve games
will be required for credit.

Virginia Mitchell, '40, captain of
basketball, has made extensive plans
for the season. Basketeers will meet
in the gym on Mondays from 3:30 to
5:00 o'clock, on Wednesdays from
3:45 to 5:00 o’clock, on Friday from
4:30 to 5:00 o’clock, on Saturday
from 9:00 to 12:00 o'clock. Rivalry
games and some of the illterclass
games will be played on Wednesday
afternoons. Ill the interclass com-
petition each class team will meet
each of the other class teams twice.
Attendance at two-thirds of the
practices will be required for credit.

Fencing Classes

Fencing classes with Ruth Larson,
'41, as captain, and Herbert Frankel,
'39. as instructor, Will meet in the
gym on Monday, Wednesday and
Friday afternoons after 3:30 o'clock.
Due to congestion in the gym, the
exact time for classes and credit re-
quirements have not yet been defl-
nitely decided.

Swimming will be continued as a
fall sport, since tilnc was taken out
of the swimming schedule when the
pool was repaired.

Riding and Lotta Bunkers are
full-year sports and will continue
under the same regulations for the
whole year.

The badminton tournament has
been extended until the end of this
week to facilitate the completion
of the finals. Semi-finalists were
Frances Riani, Dorothy MacLean,
and Dorothy McIsaac.

 

 

 

 

Brass

Kn tickles

0 RF.

 

 

 

We wish to extend our sincere
condolences to M. A. A., the junior
class, the basketball team and to
the feIIOWs who know Larry Bales.

Larry has been consigned to a life
of leisure pending the mending of a
heart made weak by an active in-
terest in the athletic life of State.

Congratulations to the class of
1941, which he’ll join next year after
convalescence.

Chatter

On this page you will find an
All-State intramural squad chosen
from participants in State's touch
football season. The list was com-
piled as the concensus of votes from
officials of the sport.

We advise that you read it over
carefully. If you think that your
roommate was slighted, by all means,
let us know. We hope that in form-
ing the next squad of this sort.
We shall be able to contact all the
players engaging in the sports in-
volved.

Within/l cm

0009

 

 

Albany’s Most Complete
and Progressive

Department Store

Since 1859

 

 

 

 

 

 

GO BY GRE"'!OUND 
I r Round-Trip Fares
When you start the annual pilgl'lmllgc home to Symon“. g” 3:;
{c1 .1 good square meal (we presume you’re n',,,.m.§t,‘.,.' 
not immunc to die charms of a home—cooked NP“, ‘Yurk ' ' 4.5.0
drulllelick!) l‘ClllCllllJUr the sage advice oi the “nu-“0 \v y I “3‘5
l‘ullllln Fathers . . "Always travel by Grcy- ",M‘vn' MIN". “'50
bound and save your money for ll rainy dzly n,,',.,,,,,',,    of“)
or .l rcldly tiWUll pzu‘ly!" You can manage the m" ,h.,‘,,',,',,' ' Elﬁt'
whoic ounoidown wcck-cnd for zl little more (.,,,:‘,,‘,‘,1 V) IY ' ‘ (33
than you'd spend llzlngnlg around the college. All” u." ' '   3'“)
The trip, at Greyhound’s low fares, cosl less ‘(.,,),',l"l N, Y  
than half as much as driving a car . . . even l,”,,,'",‘.‘,' ‘ ' ' " 
a prc-Muyilower model! Ill;,l,u,l,l," guy ’ " " ' 5";5
‘ d y u n v . I II

GREYHOUND TERMINAL

350 Broadway

1.6
-,I

To]. 4-6165—1—6166

Gunmetal:

 

.tnea-

 

 

 

