 

- uw- _-— "WNW... _A

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, DECEMBER 2, i935

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation
Telephones: Office. 5-9373; O'Ilora, 3-2843: Strong.
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzl, 3-9538
Entered as second class null/er in (he Albany, N. Y.
posloffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 5V
National Advertising Service, inc.
( ul/eyt‘ Publisher: li’c/zrexenlulirc

4:0 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CmiAoo ‘ Boston ‘ L05 ANGELEE - SAN FnAiuzisco

 

THE NEWS BOARD

EDGAR B. O'I-Ioim . Etlllor-ln-Chief
JEAN STRONG . Oo-Editor—in-Chicf
Rousirr E. Huirrwit: . Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Howe . Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. Kow.\i.si<v 11 ssocialc Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youno Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. Bum . Business Manager
JOAN M. Brnox Adrcrlz'slng Manager
GiiAcu B. CASTIGIJNE .. Circulali‘oii Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Men’s Sports Editor
Women's Sports Edllor
Assislanl Sports Edi/or
Assistant Sports Edilor

Charles Franklin
Betty Clark
William Ryan
Joseph Bosley
l"((lllll‘(’ Editors
Saul (it'cciiwaid Charles Walsh

Sophomore Desk Edi/ors
Alice Abelove, William Cameron, Beatrice Dower,
Sylvia Grecnblatt, Stephen Kusak,
John Murray.

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycock.
J. Edmore Mclnnson, Alice Bartlow.
{obcrt Coggcr

Assislaiils to Business Board

Assistant Business Manager .............. .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager ,  Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ................ .. Mary Gabriel

 

 

 

To Maintain Liberty

“Quench the passions of fiinilticisin and hatred. Plant in

their sicud tiie feelings of love uiiii brotherhood."
ltussiun Jewish l'riiyer.

“Twenty years ago I was a soldier for
the Fatherland—-honored, decorated. To-
day, I am reviled, spit upon and tortured.
Today my friends will not speak to me
nor treat me kindly. Twenty years ago—
I was a hero, today—J am a Jew.

“Today i am goingr to be beheaded but
that means little at this point—my family
has been reviled, separated, tortured, mur—
dered. My lil'cwork has been barred from
me I have moved front concentration
camp to prison and back again. Now, i
am going to die—relief—«while others of
race must go on being maligned.

 

“After the war I was decorated for be-
ing wounded, but that. was only a physical
hurt; the hate whfch has been heaped upon
me since 193:: has been much less endur-
able.

“Today as i look over the world, i find
this anti-scinitism growing. Even iii that
great free nation, the t'nitcd States, a
radio dcmogogue using false statistics
starts the same type of propaganda that.
made us hateful in Germany.

“There in the ino-t liberal country in
the world p‘rolips of halt- il;t\'c already
started and now lwo great .-\mcricttns,
llciii'y l"ord and ("liarlcs l.ilitllicl'llil, have

already accepted the bloml-~luiiicd, il.‘tif‘-'

f'ul, base medals that the fi‘:-.'l:n\‘lll of (let'—
niany hands otil.

“find of all peoples, i\(‘l‘,l the eyes of
America open. Never let their minds be
driven into the channel of" hate of a people
that is no dill‘crcnt from them except in
religious belief.

“And may my beloved (ierinaiiy break
away from ilitlor’s cruel hand and become
once again the nation that l lovod so
much.”

 

 

 

 

Fables for Freshmen

Commentstater
l’l‘IlE COMIIIIL'N’I'S’I'A'I'ER is {/ll.‘(..ll the it‘itlcst
, lull/mic as author of this column, llioagli lli.‘i l‘lClU-
poiitls do not necessarily (llltTrLJ/S rcflccl lliosr of llic
S‘iwri: Coi.i.i:t;i: News.)

Once upon a tline, for that is how all fables and

 

 

halls of the New York State College for Teachers at
Albany. Filled to the ears with school spirit. on

 

Activities day, Flossie signed up for the S.C.C.S. (State
College Cheering Section), and breathlessly waited
for the football season. It came. Every balmy autumn
afternoon would find Flossie out in front of Richard-
son cheering the touch football teams on to higher,
nobler things. Flossie was a big help.

But winter came and caught Flossie unawares right
in the middle of Thanksgiving vacation, and our dainty
damsel was left out in the cold, Lonesome and for-
saken, one Saturday night (December 3), she wan-
dered Win the side door, for Flossie was a frosli-gir],
you remember) into the gym. Here she was con-
fronted by two stern guards. "Give us the pass-
word." they demanded. Bcwildcrcd, she hesitated for
a while. fumbled in her purse, but soon she proudly
produced her tax ticket and passed on downstairs.

Something was going on! She heard a few faint,
whispered “Rafi, State Teams.” and the diminutive
sound of sweet music to otir little heroine's ears.
Cheering! This was the place for her! She tumbled
into the bleachers between two uppcrclassmcn, and
burst into an enthusiastic "S-'I‘-A-’i‘-E!". bttt some-
tliing was wong! Everybody was looking at F‘lossie.
Flossie was fusfcrcd, Flossit- was embarrassed. As
a matter of fact, Flossie would love to have gone
through the floor. How was she to know that her

. lusty cheer had risen above the feeble murmur like

a soprano solo above a inutcd eliortis! How was she
to know that, “Contrary to the statement of the
Storm Clil.l.l-.'(l!'} News," Well-mannered State students
do no! display any enthusiasm!

Bill that wasn't all! After the game was over,
the orchestra came filing in, and. suddenly, the floor
was alive with color and motion. Vying delegations
frof fully a dozen sororities were calling and beckon-
ing; smiling and flattering; rushing and rushing.
Ficssie felt an acute case of panic coming on, She
from ftilly a dozen sororities were calling and beckon-
the way. There was no escape. Flossic meekly ac-
cepted her fate, and glided away with an eager
Greek, feelingr very much like Snow White and the
Witch!

After the brawl was over, a weary and disillusioned
Flossic dragged homcward. Her spirit was broken and
her dreams were shattered Never again would she
enter into the swing of things, Early Monday morn-
ing she resigned from iilt' SCCS

Moral: School spirit is what you make it, and (1)
Men, rtishing can't last forever, and (2) Women, the
stag line will break down eventually, if you are patient,
Believe us, you ll‘lll live happily ever after.

Boo/e of the Wee/E

‘Harmonious Human Multitude ’

by Harriet Hprngue, '40
“Benjamin Franklin" by Carl Van Dori-n. Viking
Prcss, New York City, 845 pages.

(On stile in the co-opl

Carl Van Dorcn has brokt-n down illusions. lie
has lll't'nt‘lltfd a new Ul‘lljltllllll I“ranklln~~a new
Franklin built on letters and documents unknown
to tilt' public, on significant extracts from the famous
tittltililtilzi‘uplly carefully analyzed, on an intimate
knowledge of tile subjtct, For u long book it takes
a surprisingly thort time to read.

Everything l"l'tlilkiill cvcr accomplished is l'(‘-
connud and he was an accomplished man: “lin-
[it'l'llil lil'tll ht-t, revolutionary statesman. cosmopolitan
diploinnii-t, :cicntist, wit, inorulisl sain- " fits priviitc
Ellc. what lilt'l'c was of it, is a rt-vrlaiion in telling
l.i- own ‘tory he was more l’f‘il'llllH' limit Van
lioiin pione to ll'f‘lti hinirclf with more kiiitiiic:.s

limit we )lll'ilili):, warranted

’l'o liil’l of in Franklin 1:», a illlllil‘i'ilil‘ intelligent
llilill \\ilh if concur way of f'ilit'!’,lll'i/illl.f lite lll
lililillii mine: lint Fluid-ill“ was inoie limit that
llii. uptih It]! I' of huinoi his cxlrcinc ill'llt“.(iltllf'(‘
ill. lilllllili inﬁnite. to 'lltillt‘.1\ brought out by Van

lbili‘li add. much to our coiiccplioii of him. He was
if t'll!llili| he loud lln- women land they head him:
intue [l.itii \\il.‘. ill:ci'ct't, llc Wilde ttiilu‘liil', \(‘lf.f‘.‘.
on th. ‘llilllf‘i, ‘lil'ii us this plquiint bit:

"ll/i plus o/ If!!! llll toll (.l'l'll.

.lnll lutiiil/‘s t'llliltllll/ doing trill"

ll'iniikhii, liiiltllllll this book, becomes not ii men-

nodding lllifllllllililllH'l‘, bill a \\’f‘li~if)\’t'fi Ainci‘lcuii.
Viiii Dori-n did not cxiuugi-riilc when hc said in the
closing punch:

"(.‘omfortublc as It'ruiiklln‘s possessions and numer—
ous as his aciilchincnts Were they vveri- less than he
was _ . , And sometimes, with his marvelous range,
in spite of his personal tang. llc set-ins to iuivi: been

 

 

more than any single man‘ a harmonious human
multitude."

such begin, a little fresh—girl came to the hallowed s

Personal
0 I
Viewpomts

lEGO is gii'cit the widest lati-
tude (is author of [his column,
llioiigli his tricu‘pomls do not
iiiccssurili/ always reflect lliose
of NI! STATE Cl)l.l.Efil'I News.)

Running like a well-oiled nia—
cliinc. Interfrateriiity council,
augmented to four members this
year, has concluded what has
been a thoroughly acceptable
job, as regards men‘s rushing.
It remains to be seen whether
next week-end will equal the
fraternitics’ efficiency.

* ii at!

Pitt on your ‘must’ book lists,
along with Ferdinand and With
Malice Toward Some—the report
of the Regents Inquiry—Educa-
tion for American Life. It is an
authoritativa outline of modern
educational trends. More than
that, probably, is the effect that
the report will have on our fu-
tures as prospective teachers,
with its suggestions regarding
salaries, qualifications, teacher
preparation. and other such de-
tails.

In the report, compiled by
Dr. Luther Gulick, is embodied
a nine point program for the
schools of the state that is de—
signed to remedy the defects
in the present system-ﬁler the
inquiry did bring defects to
light.

The inquiry found no perfect
schools in the state. They did
the next best thing, and took
the best, features of many
schools in making tip their re-
port. We rcpt-at otir suggestion
that you take a look at it.

EGO.

 

State ’8 Stage

Russian Melodrama

Fairly Fine Fantasy

Sage Suggestions

PLAYGOER
Last 'l‘tit.-sday night's plays- came
unfortunately whcn State college
‘was in a holiday mood. They fell
upon a preoccupied audience, Had
they been presented at u more op-
portune time they might have been
better received. The night before a
vacation is the night for comedy.

Miss Clark's play was smoothly
finished. The set was good, and
tile atmosphere well built tip, Mr.
Walsh played his role capably, in
spite of an occasional failure to sus-
tain the character. We liked his
stage poise, Douglas Dillcnbcck
made his debut to the State college
audience very pleasingly. in assur-
ance and variety of facial expres-
sion he was perhaps a b.t lacking,
but experience should be a curative
for that. lra Hirsch played the iii-
cfiectual young man its well as
could be expected for an ineffectual
part.

We liked the play. We suggest
that such plays, that liaVe the dia-
logue and emotional tension as focal
points, he .xpecded up. They have
a tendency to drug. The climax
Would have bet-n more effective had
the conversation not lagged, and if
the curtain had been quicker on the
draw.

Miss Koonl. liiid courage to bring
a fantasy before a State college att-
dicncc. She did remarkably \vcll
its well as ii student tlfrcctor could
do with such a play. The play had
its moments bill the edges nccdcd
.silltlfililililj'. May we commend Julia
'l‘iinin-ll its the mother. It was good
acting The same may be said of
Harry l’ussow us lhc l'iilhcr, lu‘d-
lllfil‘i' Mclniison. though mint-limes
himself, piiiycd thc priest rather
in-ttlly l"oi‘ ii fIi'Hl .ippeiiiitlicc, wi-
lll-Lctl l‘iii\\‘ill'fl 'i'fillliihllili We like illh
\oicc and lill' wax ill' l'Hffl his lines
ll t‘oiivcyi-il pcillctlv lin- spirit ill"
hind lilf' “filth. it i: llfl but! he
,did not ill iiclion 'o the words he
was still ui.d t‘XlJlf‘f:.‘l(llllf‘:..~. in inovi»
lllf'ltl. l)ori.‘liy i’cuk did a good job
liihe pill our in dilltcult role. c\cil lo
iilf' rcqtiii't-d mace and dancing illlli-
lly, We ltl‘t' sorry that Murciu
lirown ovciw-uctctl, Her voice was
beautiful, and hilf‘ made it pit-using
nppcai'uiicc, btit she gave iilt‘ char—
acter too ephcmcrni u personality.
The costumes and make—up Were ex—
ccllciit.

As a closing suggestion the nu—
dicnce should be carefully considered
when plays are being chosen. It
is important.

 

 

 

 

 

Statesman

 

Greetings, students. No, you didn't
,lose us just because We were gone for
two weeks; We were on your trail
all the time.

Now that fraternity rushing is
over the women can relax. Gentle-
men, now is the time for each good
man to do his part. All contribu-
tions will be gratefully accepted, eh
girls?

And in connection with this, here
is our nomination for the most un-
usual occui‘ance that has become
usual.

Enter—Sorority girl and man
(that's not the unusual part).

Enter—Freshman girl (that‘s not
unusual either).

Exit—Man (Wow!!!)

Hint—Duffy's a good kid, girls.

It is rumored that some of our
lads are pretty passionate. A cer-
tain Kiss—Oh—Meter revealed that
it doesn't take long for Green,
Carroll, Merritt and Scott to hit
their stride.

Yeah, Richards is a nice addi-
tion too, don't you think?

And hch are a few odd cotiplcs
that will grace the Eastern Star at
Inierfratcrnify tonight:

Wairatli and Spi'ague.

Bcsle} and Frost.

Murphy and Miiycock.

Besides, Sehafer will be there and
he won't be telling jokes cillici'.

Problem for the wccknWhat do
you think of a fellow who steals
your girl while he's rushing you,
Stiller?

Betty Burke should help things
inleng too.

 

 

Sun at the Boulevard:

11:00 o'clock~Pai'rott and Moran.
, 12:35 o‘clcickchlly and Pnri'ott.
'My, what an appetite!

Evans should weight a sofa nicely
in any sorority, No?

We may be it little late with this
‘but so was Pcpci' in having lll\ first
date in college, She was a petite
'lass, often seen with a lad whose
intone is included in the name of
.the firm l'tciningfon~~hcr last. name
is that of a country- ~Ha\'c you got
it yet?

There is a new arrival at the
Lair of the Gamma Kaps. O hor-
rors, nor that! it‘s Just Crounsc
running over to see a little miss
‘whose first initial of her last name
lbegins with Sccsny.

Hey girls, you‘d better hop on
that Ryerson kid. She‘s a comer.

Plug for the week Edge: “Under
B, 10 and don't forch "I‘m Nights
in a Barrooin.’ B there!" Some of
those boys need a mask btit We don’t
understand why they need a wig
too.

While we're on College house in-
novations we, don't see why Cecil,
Al, Loretta and Fran can't replace
the old Commons Bridge cltib with
a 4:00 o‘clock Tea club under the
Draper hall pawn balls.

Suggestion for the next two Weeks:
13 rings and Marquis (le Queens-
bury's rules.

Hcy. We almost forgot. Don't neg-
lect Kay Wilson, kiddicshI ,

THE MAN 0]“ STATIC.

Appointment
Bureau

Paul G. Buiger, secretary of the
Appointment burcuu, announces the
following placements: Eleanor Mil-
lci', ‘Jill, supervisor in the Day Home,
Troy; l.iicille '/.zik. 'lill, substitute,
connncrcc, Cherry Valley, ’i‘hoinas
(lurrcff, graduate student, 'Illl. ling—
hsh, drumntics, public rcnllions, St.
Michael‘s college, Willflilhkl, Ver—
nionl; Anna (Henson, 'iill, commerce
at Mildird Riley, Albany, .Judith
litilili'H .‘i‘l unsclnnt public librar—
lllll, “1H Hlmic, llcnpimni Kolkt-r,
Jill, l‘iiiltd Hlnltm Wciilhci‘ hint-ail,
ilnllitlo, (iliulys Vin-.oli, ':i’l_ subtle
lillc, (‘fllllilii‘lf'f‘ Mcclniillt'llile

linlgcr also ililllllllll'l't. that the

.tudcnt t-oiinniitci-.~, on pci'nonul in»
lt'l'\'il‘\\’lil|:, pi l'fwf‘llill itppcniitiicc,
ethics, ll‘lll’l'n of illlllilf‘lllltlll and lli<
illlll')’, will :larf wort-2 ill'\| wct-k.
Aliytnii: ("tiling to lit'lp With the work
of this proginin is i'cotit-slcd lo sign
up in room 1211‘. in Millie.

Library Changes Hours

la‘lizubclh M Smith, dlrcclor of the
Albany Public Library, has an—
nounccd that. the public library and
all its branches will close at 6:00
o'clock on the evening of December

( .

 

 

 

‘mnwi-ezzssxmr: * .4:-

 

lCollequewi

P HIE/)1; 'lui.’ ’lti‘nli
(A

NAUO“
,7" pal“I

Sawmill
on t" .
Elihc Univelsiszegc lace: W°"
n |
the Mm" cc '

Chi Omega c am.

Another Dry Night Club

Foilowtng the lead of the Uni
vemtics of Wisconsin and i0wa,
the University oi Chicago has
opened a soda pop night club
in Manin Hall Swinging out
at the opening jam session are
Manoiiea Kuh and Schuii a
portion oi the mostly all ama
taut eiitettaininent piogiain at
ranged lOi Liam: Wiltwminioiis

Wide World

 

   

"'"I'N‘ mu I ivv-I.‘ \ll.‘“7Q nl‘t‘f‘li‘A/Hzli‘l’e -1 “mg I _ Page 3

Harvard- Cambridge
'Divorce' Burlesqued

1 l .gnyijv it)“

n‘nmnp- .H

Ilpditty student lampriﬁin
cts ia'mwd 1 Haunt/i he
(gambliislStitle
stmterilnboundary/trench
es and marched a to Hit»
ie' Into Sudcteniand

Mu thukmuwum-v. .

 

