 

have“ ,/- .......; ..,..

ii
i
l
S

 

 

.' Rosalie, ‘

State’s Jitterbugs and Ickies

 

 

 1f.  2.

STATE

 

 

Beat Out With Shavian Swing

From the start of his theme,
Nightmare until the very last
strains from his agony pipe, Artie

Shaw and his New Music will pre-|
sent one of the hottest and also one I

of the most original programs that
State swingsters have ever pounded
out to.

outstanding clarinetists of the day,
is also well known in swingdom as'
a top notch composer of jive tunes.
Tops among them for scene repro-
duction and beautiful timing is
Monsoon. Request this to hear a
real swing super-special.

_ Other pieces you might request to
really get jitterbugged by this ork
are his two own compositions, Free
Wheeling, and Fee Fle, Ho Hum. If
you‘re a blues song addict why not
request the gang's special Evolution
of the Blues which is a summary of
most of the tunes of this type that
Goodman played in his famous Car-
negie hall concert. If you still want
to hear more blues why not re-
.quest Blue Reverie from Ellington’s
music dipped pen.

Swing, as you know, has quite a
battle on its hands at present on
the subject of swinging the old bal-
lads. Shaw has carried the warfare
right into the yards of the bellicose
with his downbeat version of It’s A
Long Way to Tipperary. Also he
has the stock swingsations of the
day, Annie Laurie, Loch Lomond
and so on.

The Shavian group have probably
as good a true swing group as the
country boasts at the present time.
Why? because they excel and pre-

l
Shaw, well known as one of the; ‘
l

Clarinet King

 

—

 

Art Shaw, who will beat out the
latest swing and killer-diners for
Soiree swingsters.

 

ever, they do play current hits and
one of tile best ‘pop' pieces of which
they have a swell arrangement is
Lct That Be A Lesson To You.

In the Boston appearance the
Shawing ensemble had two vocal-
lts, 'I‘olly Pastor and Billie Halliday.
Billie is Count Basie's old song-
stress and wowed Fifty-second
street when she appeared nightly
there. If you really want her to

 

 

fer to play the old tried alld true
killer-dillers rather than the mod-
ern mechanical 'pop’ tunes. How-i

(ms—lililmnam
Studﬂltllificers

Voting for the next year's officers
will be conducted by the three lower
classes at noon, on April 27. The
rooms in which the respective classes
will meet will be announced later.

All students nlust have paid their
class dues in order to vote, and both
their class dues and student tax in
order to run for office. No student
may run for more than one c ass
office; failure to withdraw from LX-
cess nominations will mean callccill. -
tion of all nominations for that
person. A person may, however, run
for one class office alld one student
association office at the same time.

The nominees for the president of
the senior class are:

Christine Adi-s, Leonard b'rlcllhlllllll-l',
lloLly llllyl‘ol'd, lllclmrd Lollsdnlo, hill"
dull l'llbllci’, Willillm ',l'ol'rells, lllld lillll
ulll 'l'ylmn. lilllcr nominations are.
VICU'UI'PHIHL‘HI, liclly Illl‘lilfl‘, (diaries
l“l‘ililliiiil. ’lclly Illl)llll‘ll, ludgllr l) flora,
and I'L‘ili'l .\‘llndllcrg; sci-rotary, hath:
ryll Alllllns, Carolyn Mature, and Mary
Agnes .\lolzgler; lrl-llsurcl‘, lu‘d .\ll-lllnsoll.
(lurdon italld, tlol'don ’l‘nhllcl', .\Ill’llill‘l
Willllo; rcporlcr, .loscpll llosluy, lioril
llrd (llll‘l'lloy, ltohcrl licl'llvlg, ill-gum
.\llll'plly, nlld .lnnc Ht'll\VI1l"/.llllllill.l

l‘t.‘lll’l.’hl‘llLllll\'t' on nllllll-ul, lllllllll't.‘
holiru, .\lllcl'l .\I't‘llllZlfi, lioily lilillor,
.\lyndcl't i.‘rouum-, (.‘hlll'h-s I“l'lllllillll,
llllllll I"illlll‘, \lrglllhl llllll, .loycu .\llly-
cock, I'Jd .\lclllllson, lfllnrlos Walsh, and
ltay Willlcrs. ’

llopl'cscnllllirc on W. A. A, July Ad-
ams, I'll)llln Arnold. Ill'iiil liollln, .\lll-
lll’t‘ll King, .lulll- l'llllllor, llllll .\illrlon
ltockcl’oih-r, l't'hlll'l‘m‘lllillTVL‘ on .\1. l . l .,
ill-ol'go .\lllyol, licl'llllrd lllll'l‘nl-y, Illllil'
llcrsllltowllz. i-‘l'ullll l‘lllllll'l'lil'll'lll, and
Willllllll llydn; lnnllllgcr ol \l. A. A.,
Phyllis Arnold, licilll liohln, liol‘olll,»
Madman, and Julio l‘lllnlor.

Songlluldcr, Jilly Adams and Alar-
g-iil‘lvl .\Illlllnoll; l'lltlifl‘llfillil'l', .\llll'll'l Uni"
ry, .Illril‘lill ilooll-y, Iillllli I"oolr-, Hohvll
Lowry, .\lr. li'llor... lllld ilordon hand;
and lltflillll' millmglvl'. Leonard l~'l‘ll-ll
llllllll‘l‘, .iom-pll lm-nc, Edgar (i Horn,
and limb Sinovoy.

The nominations ior lli'cslllcllt oi
the illllllil‘ class arc: Jilhl'llil l upon-do,
llolu-l'l t'oggl'i', llurlwl‘ll I“.lll'lllllll\,
Lloyd holly, lll'llllill‘ti liolvulslly. Sun

li') liollmlln, Jami-s Quinn, Wall. l' h‘lln
owns, and Hill: Hullll'dli lllilcl' lllllll
lllillllllln ilrl- \ll’i'lll'l‘hltll‘lll, .\llll'Jol'll-
Hilll'll, .Imv l';l|l|lll‘llo, llllli Louis l"l'.lli

li'llll, m-I'i'vlul‘). Hallie l"l.‘l.\, I'lll-lilloi'
llroli \‘lrginlll .\lllcln-il, iiorollly l‘ru
t'lllll‘li, and ltully Slowllrl

’l‘rvusurl-r, Mary Ann“, I‘lllll'l'l t‘og
“or, lloslvoll Il‘ilil'llllllli, Waller Illll'li
or, Iluiwl‘l .\Idl‘llll, Willluin .\lcl'rlll'lu-n,
“mill-ll llosi-ullcrg, liorill Hllullos, llud
HI!‘\\'£II‘I Sinllh, l'l'lllil‘lirl', “II'IIJI‘II ill...
lcl. .ionll-l- I“l'i|lllllllll, haul llrm-llwnld,
on” .I liolw, lldt'lll .\llllshcl'g, Lillian
ltlli.ind, illll‘rlcl Spruguc, and Sally
Young

Ill-pi‘cnl-illlllin- oil hllllll‘lll lllllilil'l-
lmllrd, Norman Arnold, l'llcll licni.
Howard lioncun, l~'rnncos lv‘ichl. Hurry
Kal'chlocr, Silllllc) liullmllll. .losoph
.\ll'h‘l-on, Ilul'iri l'ul'lml. Ari l'llllllm. illi-
llnn ltlvlilnll, and Jack ltylln. licprl-
ucninllvc on ’ .\illrlorlc llllll‘ll.

break up your old party get her to
croak the theme song of last year's

Soiree, I Can‘t Get Started.

I“II‘III, llolliso ill-sslley, .iuilcl .\lonlfol'l,
ll'uy Hl‘llt‘l‘l'.

lluprosl-nloLivo on M. A. .\.. (fall-h All-
gllsllllo, llalllslllu llllog, .\‘orlllllll ler
.\‘vci‘, Willard li‘rnmcnl, Kl-llnolh llascr,
llolu-rl .\illl'lin. licorgc l'ozll‘son, Ii‘l‘llllii
lllcllmllll, and John Sin-llrcr; manager
of W. A. .\.. llclly (.‘llli'll, Holly ilcn
Illul'k, IltllllSl' licssllcy, lillcy King,
.\Itll‘JUl'll' .\lucNail‘, Virginia .\lllchl-IJ,
l":ly Sl-hl-ol', and Louise Smith.

.\‘ollgh-lldcr. Mary 'l‘rlllllor; cllccrlcllll-
ol's. lrvllig I“ih‘lllllllii, llny lll‘cllcrl.
Louisi- llcssllcy. linll Keel, .\illl'loll
Kingsley, (iordon I't‘iliill‘, Ell-:lllol'
l'l‘all, :llld Wilford ’l‘llollllls; editor of
freshman hulldllooli, .llillc illll'l'cll, llo'
lll'l'l t'oggol', llllo .i. “now, Shirley
lillplzln, Ill'll Kowlllsliy, Edward ’l'om-
:lison, and Hllily Young.

Nominations for president of the
sophomore class are: John Alden.
.iohll llllkny. .\‘ll-plll-n llllll, .lllck (lur-
tit-lilll‘, l'nul (il‘illlilll, ('yrll Kim. and
.\Il‘l'l'ili' Walrnlh. lilllol' nominations
:Il'<-' \'i"l' president, John Alden, ltosc-
liliil'y lll'uckl-r, .lllllll-H (.‘llllpcll, (.‘yrll

 

COLLEGE"NEWS,"APRIL 8. legs __
State, College Calendar
Tonight — Sophomore Soiree, Au-

French Author
To Speak Here  Siltiti‘fiiitzf‘iffi...

Table Conference, 10:00 o’clock.

Alumni Luncheon at Residence
Halls, 1:15 o’clock.

Department of Librarianship
presents Ruth Sawyer Durand,
speaker. Auditorium, 2:30 o'clock.
Charge 50 cents.

Peace, International Clubs
And Y.W.C.A. to Sponsor i

French Commentator

On Wednesday lllght, April 27, at

 

 

8:15 o'clock in Page hall auditorium,
lInternational Relations club, Peace
club and Y. W. C. A. of State col-
lege in conjunction with the League
of Nations association of Albany,
will present Pierre de Lanux, noted
French author and lecturer. The .
topic under discussion will be: How qhem CIUb. AUditoriuln, 8.00
to read the foreign news. '0 01001!-
Monsleur de Lanux was for ten ADP” 13. wadneSdai’f—Sprmg Recess
years director of the Paris office of begins at 5:05 oclock.
the League of Nations. He was war Echo deadline.
correspondent 1“ the Balkans in April 25, Monday—Classes resume at
1912 and after that served in the 8.10 oblock
French ambulance corps during part; ., '
of the war. In 1916 he was appoint- Am” 26' Tues‘iay‘l." (31.1mm? M“
ed a member of the French commis- Tea 1“ Lounge: 3-30'5-00 001°01‘-
sion to the United States, acting as April 27, Wednesday—Interfraternity
laison agent for south central Eu- Banquet, 6:30 o’clock in Cafe—
rope. In 1923. Lanux organized the teria,
gl'einih JO???” (ll'ﬂcgjon W12"? 13 Peace Club, International Re-
OC 0'0 05 “Tons” S WOT mm lations Club and Forei n Polic
was so brilliant that it led, in 1924, Associamn presents Pgiem D:
to his appointment as Director of . ,. _ ,.
the Paris office of the League of 59;)“: m Aucutmmm at 8'1”
Nations’ A ll cm i F 'l B
Lanux likes best to be thought of m ' “11$ flyﬁf‘es {mm}, m"
ill his role of international civil ser- flue!“ Gumtella. 5'00‘3-00 O'CIOCk-
vant. He is a favorite in the prin- Al31'11 28 ﬁlm 29. Thlll'SdﬁY. Fl'ldilY—
cipal cities of Europe as well as Music 001111011 Operetta. Addi-
those of America. Hugh T. chlcr, torium, 8:00 o'clock.
North Carolina State College of Ag- April 29, Friday—Student Elections,
l'lculturc and Englnecrlllg, Raleigh, Assembly 12.00 noon_

North Carolina, says: “He is one of . _
the most intelligent scholars oi 1n~ Milne Has Parents Night
Tonight at 8:15 o’clock in Page

terllatlonal affairs I have ever had

the pleasure of knowing." It is also

interesting to note that ill Eumpc hall auclitorlllln Milne high Will

he is regarded as all expert Oil Am- have Parents Night. DI“. Hill‘l'y W.

cricall affairs. Hastings, professor of English, will
Miss Helen Hall Moreland, dean speak on the topic, “The dark place

of women, and Miss Ethel Van and the dim eye." Milne high 111—

Bclldlleusen of Albany, co-cllalrmen vltcs all lml‘ents and 0011090 StUdentS

Signum Laudis Dinner, 6:15
o'clock. Keelers Restaurant,
Formal Dance at Residence
Halls, 9:00 -1;00 o’clock.
April 11, Monday—General Electric
“House of Magic” presented by

 

 

of the League of Nations associa- l0 attend.

Chem Club Shows

“House of Magic”

On Monday night, April 11, at 8:00
o’clock the chemistry club will pres-
ent in Page hall auditorium, “The
House of Magic," to be given by the
General Electric laboratories, accord-
ing to William Mollenkopf, '38, presi-
dent of the club,

"The House of Magic” is the title
applied to the research laboratories
of the General Electric company of
Schenectady. These feats of modern
physics and chemistry are so spec-
tacular that they may Well he term-
ed “magical.” The laboratories oc-
cupy two large buildings of several
stories each and contain equipment
and apparatus suitable for advanced
research into the higher fields of
science. It is here that Dr. Irving
Langmuir, winner of the Nobel prize
ill chemistry, carries out many of his
experiments.

Henry D. Middel, of the General
Electric company’s "test" depart-
lnellt will exhibit and explain some
of the more interesting physical and
chemical phenomena. Included in
the demonstration will be such
things as transmitting of a human
voice by means of a beam of light
which was used between the dirlgl-
ble Los Angeles and the General
Electric station, an artificial fever
machine, a stroboscope, for those
who understand the workings of
such an instrument and many other
interesting exhibits.

The program is arranged so that it
coincides with the 25th anniversary
of the founding of the club ill April,
1913. Tile chemistry club is one of
the oldest and best known organi-
zations on the campus.

The club invites all science stu-
dents of the school and all those who
are interested, to attend this demon-
stration. It also extends its invi-
tation to file science teachers ill the
public schools of the capital district.
Admission to the demonstration is
free.

 

Lion of Albany, bring the famous
lecturer to tile college. This leculre
is given by the association as part
of State college's peace celebration
which is endorsed by Student coun-
cil.

William Bradt, Jean Edgcumbc
and Ralnonia Vail Wic, seniors, are
the student co-chail'lllcn who are
sponsoring the lecture. They have
made tentative arrangements to
bring Lallllx llcrc Wednesday after—
lloon for a forum discussion.

Admission for the lecture will be
25 cents for students or tile student
tax tickets.

Iil'lll'l‘ﬁt'lllllilh' on W. A. A., IlillllHil
l‘hllplllllll, .\l.lry Elson, .It'llllllt‘lll‘ i'Ivlllls,
l.:lul':l l-‘rosl. .\Illlil'lilll‘ lllllll, l-illl-s No-

 

!(llll. lloy .\lvl‘rl-llry. l‘:lllll>rlllo (l'lirloll.
Alhl l'lll'slolll. l.oll:l l'owoll, lh-lly l'ar»
roll, .\dvll- ltonzln Louiso Shell. and
.\il-l‘l‘ili Wull‘nlll; M‘l‘l'l'lill')’, .lollli .\illl'll.|
.lllmos t‘hoplnll, I"l'l'lll‘l‘l1'i\' lilly, Wlllhllll
Illlill'l', \Illl‘lt'l IIUWHl'lI, \\'llll:lln llowu,
Stephen I(ll\':lli. lloscllllll‘y .\lcl'ul'lhl'.
llolu-rl \luvsl-ll. .Il'illl .\lurruy. lirllco
.\looll. l.ou:l l'olvoll. :llld brunt-cs llinlll

'l'l'l~:l.~lll'vl', li'is‘ il:lrlicll, \\'il|i:llll ('nlll
crou. .lllm l‘lmpl-Il, 'ldl'lilll‘ll li‘l-rrcc.
Louis lll'wllnpzln. \\'il|lllm IIllllI'l'. l‘vrll
lulu um- \irl‘l'cllry. (unborn..- li‘lll'lcll.
til-rulll .\‘llllllIl-uliro- :lllII ill-lly \\'o~'sl-lls;
l'l'|llll‘|I-l', John Alden. lh-ulrim- liolvcl‘.
l')~ll-l|l- l'lllgl-lhllrlll, l\’:ly Illil'll, Ili‘Il‘Il
l.mll'_\. \\'illl:lln .\illlor, .lohn .\lul'rllv.
JIIIII li'l'lll‘ l'ogor‘, roprl-sl-Illllllw- on Hill
lll'lll l'illullcl- lltllll‘ll, Alim- .\lli‘IUVI'. Ilill!
Il'i llucci, \\‘i|ll:lnl (':lllll-roli. .lollu
iimn‘t'. Ill‘IiiI i.:l\'lllli\li.\‘, Nlll'llllili I.I'\'\'.
llylollll \ll-Ilz. Luv-lilo .\h-ll-ull’. .II'lllIl
.\llll'l'll), .\‘ll-w- Paris, and Mary Simr ‘
plI-s.

 

\'l'|ll, l-‘rllumvs llllllli, 'l‘illh- Hll'l'li. illlll
ill-lly Wcssl-lls: rvpl'csl-nlllllvo on .\i. A.
.\.. .lolln lllllllly. \\'llll:lm ilroplly, lI'rcd»
l-rlcll lllly. Arnold I‘illl'l'lll, William Hill-
Il-r, lil-li‘lo .\lllncllso; lll:ln:lgcr of W. A.
.\.. lilivc I'lilll'll, Louis l‘lmpmlln. Ill'dl
rlm- illin'l', .\illllrl-ll Foil-y, .\llldclinl-
lllllll. ill-rllm i'l-lll. l“l'illl(‘l'.~l llllllll.
(‘hllrlolll- Iiill‘llll', 'l‘illlo Slcrn. llnll
l-‘rlllll-l-s Wood.

.\‘ougll-ndor. I‘IIIll'i t‘olo-n, l~ili'/.:lholh
:l'lllll‘llllillll, .Il‘HIIlli'lll' I‘H'llilh‘. liavld
, Krclll-r, llowllrll .\ll'rrllllll, .\llll'y .\llllcr;
lcllm-rilullll-l'. Illlllli'l lilo-cl. Lloyd ('llllllu

.\lildrwl l-‘olcy. .lllcll iiill’lil'llllt'. llouls
lllrl-l‘nspan. .\llilll Knowles, lhlvlll I\'l‘c l

Lher, Slcplu-ll [(llsllk :llld liorolhy l’cllll.

 

 

('lco. l). Jconoy, Prep

and

108-200 (.‘EN'I‘ICAL AVENUE

Boulevard Cafeteria

illal 5-19I3

(Trill

ALBANY, N. Y.
in the new Sllptff~C0ilCIl proch il.

 

 

Good Food and

 

. A .,
iluily t‘iurk. Virginia Elson, b‘ruuuou

 

at the

(I O Ii‘ F E E

HERE'S

, Western at Quail

 

“Greyhound” is always the right answer to any travel (lllt‘h‘ilOll——il ride

Drop in or phone for free tutoring

on the econolllic pl'ollh w l  limp, .‘ll 1/3 the cost of driving.
ROUND TRIP FARES
SYRACUSE .  $3.55 ()NI‘JON'I‘A . ... . $2.80
a Friendly Fire rrulu'il  .... .,  .. 4.95 NEW YORK ..   3.00
(‘Ult'l'LAND ,. 4.80 BUFFALO    , 7.15
ROCIII‘IH'I‘EIL .  5.80 GENEVA   5.40
BINUIIAM’I‘OM . 4.05 WA'I‘EWI‘OWN . 5.00

S [I OP

350 Broadway

 

 

 

TERMINAL ADDRESS

l'honc: il-liltiﬁ and Ii-(illili

 

 

S’I‘A’I‘E COLLECT!) NEWS, APRIL 8, l938

 

Page 5

 

Bowling League
Enters Last Lap

College House and Potter
Club In a Three Way
Tie With S. L. S.

Entering the last lap in the Intra-
mural bowling league, the keglers
find themselves neck and neck in a
three-way tie with total pillnage as
an important factor in deciding the
teams’ positions.

Three Teams Tied for First

Sigma Lambda Sigma, who have
led the league for the past two
weeks, dropped to a three~way tie
for first place with Potter club and
College House. Avalon hall, who de-
feated S. L. S., 2 alld 3, is a half-
game out of top position.

Monday's games will result ill a
change positions of the top teams.
College House will battle it out with
S. L. S. for first-place honors, while
Potter club will meet Avalon hall. In
the matches between Troy and All-
Othcrs, and Albany and the Grads,
Albany and All-Others will be given
a chance to break into first division,
the play-offs and possibly the chain-
pionship of the State bowlers.

Ed Simmonds, who has been con-

sistently leading the keglers in the

singles alld triples, dropped to third
position in the high singles with a
182. However. he made it four
straight weeks that he has retained
honors ill high triples, shooting a
492.

Bob Benedict, Iligh Singles

Bob Benedict, of the Grads, hit a
209 high singles and was only two
pills behllld Simonds to take a sec-
ond-place tie with Van Etten of Pot-
ter club. Van Etten took second
place honors in the high singles with
a 188. Charlie Sllafer, member of
the Avalon team, continues to lead
John Edge by a 19 pins margin in
total plnllage. He has a grand total
of 3090 to Edge's 3071.

After the Easter vacation, the boys
will bowl one night a week, either
Monday or Wednesday night, at 8:00
o’clock.

This afternoon, Kappa Beta lneets
the All Stars ill a battle for last
place.

Two Tournaments
Nears Completion

Very quietly, and undisturbed by
any trumpets and fallfarc, two tour-
naments have practically gone to
completion. They are none other
than the pool and chess tournaments
which started some three weeks ago.

Chess ’l‘ournamcnt

Accordlllg to Lee Durllng, ‘41,_

lllallagcr, the newly crowned chess
champion is Doug Murphy, '40, of
the lndcpclldanls, and runner-up,
Herb Frankel, '39, of Kappa Beta.
lll lhc pool tournament Gad Bod-
llcr, “All, defeated Lcll Varmcttc, '4l,
to reach the finals with A. Chcrro,
'40, who defeated Tom Roberts, '39.
The finals will be played some Lillie
this week before the Easter recess
begins, at the Palace Recreational
Center, locutcd on Central avenue.
Joc Boslcy, manager of the cur-
rent spring ping-pong tournament
announces that the winner is Jack

Mllrplly, ‘39. Murplly will play Jllll - -

SilOVL‘l', '41, the winner of the Fall

tournament to decide the champion

of the paddle artists at State.
Golf Pro to (live Lessons

M. A. A. announces that [lie scr-
vlccs of Ucrl'y Dywcl', pro player out
at. the Albany Municipal Golf course
have bccll obtlllllcd for those men
lnlcrcslcd lll learning how to swing
a (il'in‘l', lllbllc, lllllshlc, or what Ilthi
you. The nominal charge for the
State student is one dollar per six
lessons. Mr, Dywer will give lessons
erl'y Monday afternoon between
3:30 ulld 4:30. A tournament will
be held, the finalists of which will
participate ill the Spring Sports
Carnival.

Answering the first call for those
interested ill Badminton under the
tutelage of Ted Lipschltz, city singles
champion, wcrc twolvc men true and
strong. Holding a improptu tour-
nament among themselves, Charles
Gaylord, '38, came out on top.

In the tournament the two final-
ists, Al Cooper, '41, and Frank Rick-
lnan, '40, will play it out for the
badminton champion at State some
time before the Spring recess begins.

,wal'ds . .
'ycal' . . .

 

 

 

  

 

 

John O'Brien, '38, president of
M. A. A. will lead team against Pratt.

The
Pitcher ’3
Box

 

 

L.F.R.

With basketball and the cold Will-
try days a thing of the past, our
young man‘s thoughts turn to . . .
baseball . . . Yes , . . Baseball has
conle into its own , . . . This year's
schedule of ten games is the biggest
and lllost ambitions in years . . . No
l‘lys in the ointment here with only
one man lost through graduation
. . . Captain John Cullen.

We hear . . . but hope it isn‘t true

. that pitcher Paul Schmltz, a
veteran of three year's battles, alld
Larry Balog, sophomore star of the
Keystone . . . will not be able to play
this year because of . . . some reason,

Speaking of vacations, the fly—
hounds will be pretty busy keeping
ill trim . , . the Saturday before they
return to the old grind . . . They will
invade Pratt . . . ill New York . . ,
burning to avenge last year's 5-3
defeat . . . the boys will brillg home
the bacon.

By the by, the classes represented
on the team are few and far between
. with the Soplls taking seven
positions . . , and While on the sub-
ject . . . M. A. A. declares that
because the newly planned Intra-
mural coulpclitlon . . . on a group
house and indcpclldent's basis . . .
has proved so successful , . . it is
plallllcd that a soft-ball league will
be iorlllcd on the same basis. Come
on fclloWs, sign up with your group
house and hand M. A. A. your lists
of athletes before they can say Jack
Robinson . . . start the ball rolling!

As for competitive sports . ..
wouldn't it be a good idea for the
winning tcalll . , . to l'ccelVe a prize
. so that they could remember
their victory, the full. and the
"happy-go-lucky" tilllc they had?
. . . M. A. A. (lid mention some re-
. at the beginning of the

This column gives M. A. A. ll vote
of thanks . . . for the biggest, most
ambitious, intramural program it
planned . . . and carrile out to 00%
success or bettcr . . . Ill the past
M. A. A. talked, now they've been on
the Q. '1‘. alld went illto action . . .

it is too bad that the your was too
far advanced l???) for the Mlnlslrel

.sllow to be a real success . . . so . . .
it is called off . . . Wc understand it
will be held curly this full. , . As

illllcll us wc'Vc seen of it . . .‘l‘he End
nlcll's gags . . . the extra parts . . .
the supcrdelagol'gcous quartet and
chorus . Ed Reynolds certainly
was doing a swell job.

'l‘ony Wilczyllskl is going manag-
oring ill a big way . . . not only is
he manager of baseball, but he is
also the manager of the cross-
country team . . . Baseball. is not
the only sport with a big schedule in
years . . . tennis comes up to par
with it . . . With Spring here, our

 

young man's thoughts turn to . . .

! Baseball Practice Begins;
initial Contest is Am“ 23

_..  ,LL-.. _.. . .._._.__.._._.- 9 _
CAPTAIN 0F NINE lCoach H a t field, Cephi
. ‘ O’Brien Are Managing '

Twenty-two Veterans
and Rookies

 

Beginning last Monday, the Pur-
ple and Gold batsmen have been‘
practising intensively at Beverwyck
Park under the watchful eye of
Coach G. Elliott Hatfield, ill pre-
paration for the first game of the
season which will take place during
the spring recess, April 23, against
Pratt Institute in New York city.

Practice Begins

Despite the cold wave that has
hit Albany, a squad twenty-two
strong, including tell veterans, show-
ed up for practice and are at present
battling it out for varsity berths.

Captain John O’Brien, lone sen-
ior on the team who was on the re-
ceiving end last season, will fill the
gap at the initial sack left open by
Roswell Fairbanks, who has been
added to the pitching staff.

Thus far the keystone sack re-
mains an open question with the re-
turn of Larry Balog to that position
remaining ill doubt. This would
break up the Danielwicz-Balog com-
binatlon at short and second. It will
be remembered that Balog played
A-l ball at second, checking smooth~
ly and effortlessly ill every play with
Danielwicz.

There is doubt as to who will fill
the hot spot this year. With the
probability that pilcllcr Paul Sch-
mltz, who is a veteran of three years
and was booked for third base this
year, will not return to uniform, it
still remains open. The prospective
candidates for the hot spot include:
Bill Thomas and John Shearer.

Strong Pitching Staff

The pitching staff, bolstered by
Fair-bank, includes “Wheeze” Leh-
man, John Shearer, Dar Vaanuran,
,Frank Augustine, and Roy McCreary,
two prospectlvo hurlers, will not see
real action until their throwing arm
returns to par. With such a pitch-
ing staff in prospect (remembering

relieved of some of ills worries.

The trio that played the outer
garden position last season will re-
lllaill the same. They are Dar Van-
Keuran, Frank Quattrocchi, and Bill
Barrett.

In addition to O’Brien at the re—
ceiving clld, there will be Calcy Aug-
ustine and Gordon Pcattlc.

Pratt Game

On April 23, the Feds invade Pratt
Institute, ill New York, determined
to avenge last year's 5—3 defeat at,l
.tlle down-staters' hands.

Those of you who saw the game
will rcmelllbcr the disastrous second
inning, ill which the Pratt boys
swung into every pitch that John
Cullen gave them, puttlllg across
four tallies before ilc regained his
control and retired the side.

From then on the game developed
into a pitcher’s battle. Cullen, and
Sclllllllz, who replaced the captain
ill the eighth, held the Pratt boys to
one lone run.

Ill spite of the fact that the boys
haven't practiced for ally length of
time to show their real abilities,
there is no doubt about tile fighting
mood of the Hatfield nine. They are
dctcl'lllillcd to go downstate and
shellac Pratt in tile initial game of
the season, by bringing home the
bacon, Although State will not be
there physically, let us give them our
moral support.

Tennis Team Schedule
To Cover Eight Games

This llill‘i‘llilllll, ill roolll 101, (Jup—
lain lillrold Calm, ‘38, will conduct
a meeting for those lllcll who are
interested lll trying oul for varsity
berths on the tennis l'lllll,

Culul also announced that the
llllmbcr of meets scheduled this year
will lJl‘ clgllt. the first match to take
place at Bard college on April 20.

The schedule is as follows:

 

 

 

April 20 . ,..Bard . away
April 30 . Vermont .. away
May 6 Drew .. . away
May 7 ............ .St, John’s away
May 13 . . ...Hlu'twlck . . . . .. home
May 17 R. P. I. .......... .. away
May 21 ....Hartwlck ........ ,. away
May 28 .. ,.....Bard  .  home

last year's l'ecordi the coach will be r

M. A. A. Council Awards
Cross-Country Letters
M, A. A. council has an-

in number who will be
awarded letters and certificates
ill accordance with the M. A. A.
rulings for cross country are
manager Joe DcRusso, captain
Harold Haynes, seniors; Anthony
Wilczynski, Walt Russ, Juniors;
and Louis Francello and L.
Frank Rickman, sophomores.

According to the rulings of M.
A. A., a man, ill order to be
awarded a letter, must finish
among the first seven men in a
race, and must participate in
every meet of the year, unless
incapacitated by sickness.

It is interesting to note that
the men who won their letters
wore ill one of the first meets of
the year when they whitewashed
Bard college, placing men in
first,, second, third, sixth, and
seventh positions. Ricklnan.
Wilczynski, and Haynes finished
one, two, three ill that order,
with all three under the old
mark set two years ago.

i".
x

I nouncecl that the following men,

 

Spring Season

Delays
And
Dates

 

 

 

B. C.

At first glance it seems regrettable
that nearly all of the spring sports
lhavc been suspended until after
Easter recess. Upon further consid-
eration, however, this action of W.
A. A. council appears highly laud-
able. Witll the pro-vacation accura-
ulation of academic work and other
extra-curricular activities, sports
participation was practically nil.
Sports captains were wasting their
time in conducting classes of one,
two or three persons, since all in-
struction given during that time
would have to be repeated when at-
tendance increased after Easter.
Furthermore, prevailing weather
conditions are not exactly favorable
to out-door sports. However, golf
will not be discontinued because the
instructions have been contracted
or.

Plans for the telegraphic meet to
be conducted after Easter are getting
started under the direction of Jillny
Elson, who recently communicated
with various colleges ill the state,
inviting tllclll to participate, but as
yet has received no definite answer,
or suggestion of a date.

by C. E. Augustine

Doomed to failure mainly because
of inadequate support from tile men
of State college, the minstrel show
which was to have been presented
ill tllc early part of May by Men’s
Athletic Association was called off
the present season by John
O’Brien, ‘38.

Much elaborately alld conscienti-
ously planned work vanished with
the announcement that tllcre would
. no minstrel show. Difficulty ill
obtaining the Page hall auditorium
for rehearsals was advanced as tile
main cause of the delllise of perhaps
the biggest thing which ever came to
the institution ill the way of hilar-
ious oiltcrtailllllent and comedy. “No
provision on the social calendar” is
another excuse—and a lame one at
that—which was presented—but be-
twocn you and lllc, We know that
these are only minor factors,

Dcspllc lhc clllhllsiaslic bllllyhoo

c'
..

C'
'3

 

 

which this affair l'ccclvcd, tllc nlalcjwmdwml, this your. M least.

assortment of this illustrious Alma

W. A. A. Sponsors
Collins Year

Peggy Hora Captains Sport;
Golf Class Will Play
At City Course

Golf, which W. A. A. has hicluded
in its sports program for the first
time this season, and even now only
on a tentative basis, has aroused en-
thusiasm which far exceeds all ex-
pectations of members of council.

The sport was introduced rather
dubiously, but if its popularity con-
tinues through the season, it will be
incorporated as a permanent part of
the spring season, and possibly of
the fall season.

Captain Peg Hora has decided that
candidates for credit in golf will be
required to complete a course of six
lessons. costing one dollar and ex-
tending over a period of three weeks.
However, the course is still open to
late entrants, since two or three
make-up class classes will be con-
ducted at the end of the three week
period. The lessons are given every
Monday and Wednesday at 3:30
o'clock ill the gymnasium by Jerry
Dwyer.

The fifteen golf enthusiasts are at
present receiving instructions about
preliminary exercises to develop sup-
plcness, and to help perfect the
stance, the grip and the follow-
through. After these essentials have
been fairly well mastered, the girls
will practice their forln in driving,
using paper discs to assure them-
sellves of “keeping their eyes on the
ba 1."

Further requirements stipulate that
each candidate for credit complete
actual playing of thirty-six holes at
the Municipal Golf course. Admis-
sion to the course is 50 cents on
week days and 75 cents on Satur-
days, Sundays and holidays. Golfers
'arc expected to play in twosomes or
foursomes and to keep their own
scorecards, which will be turned in
to Captain Hora at the end of the
season.

For players who do not have their
own equipment, W. A. A. has avail-
able eleven drivers and twonty-four
putters.

LEAGUE STANDING IN
INTRAMURAL BOWLING

 

 

l’os. 'l‘l-lun \V I. I'm. l‘go.
l. ('(iliit'ﬂl' IItIllHl‘ .. lli H .607 10,2
1!. l'ollcr (‘lllh .... 11! Ii .00? 8,004
ll. S, l,.  . . . . . . .. l0 5 .007 0,788
-l. Avalon Ililll ... [5 ii .0123 12,

. (il'lllls
. 'I i’ll_\'

  

:r—l;-
"r" .
3

 

. .... l0 H ."l'lfl 8.111

. iolll . . . . . . . . . . .. 0 ii .500 4.597
Io. .\ll~Sl.ill‘N . . . . . ..  10 .1108 0.104
ll. Kappa I'wln .... i ll ,(lH-l 3,454

MAA. Calls climate: 5......
Because of Inadequate Support

Every one looks forward to a lead-
er and there are very few others
who are as capable as Ed Reynolds—
cspccially ill preparing such a show.
ITrylllg to get singers was harder
than trying to get guln off tile seat
of the pants; and yet, if one were to
invade the shower room directly
)aftel- gym, he would find a rare as-
sortment of voices—some tenors,
smile burltones, some basses~some
good, seine better, aild a lot bad. In
confidence, perhaps that application
of burned cork might help to im-
provo the faces of tilesc Bal'rylnores
alld 'l‘uylorswsome of them, anyway.

This lack of support cast upon the
rocks something which had all the
possibilities ill the world in the line
of laughable and gay entertainlllent.
Old plantation alld l'ivcr songs, the
best ill quips and cracks, delightful
ll'ios, quartets, chorus and commun-
ity singing, are all gone with the

 

Mulcr failed to donalc ovcll thcll'l Yl’l-dmlm“themscmu'ﬂglllg result

moral support.
uskrd conceded that it was 1111 excel-
lent idca; blll very few set out to
uphold this good idea, The first
practice sessions saw only eighteen

men with vn 'ilc alllbitlons, and vel'yi .
‘3 ,iil'sl semester of the coming term.
I

little. interest; the next one fouild a

line social calendar for all M, A. A.

Eve”, 0m, who WM which thls ycars attempt has suf-
llcl'cd ill elldcllvol'lllg to l'cViVe the

defunct “Troublulors,” lll'l'angelllents
are being made to provide a date on

 

nlinlstrcl to be presented dllrillg the

couple of others. Never at ally timcf Juli“ O'Ul'l'en- l3f951d8nt 0f the
were there more than twenty—five l llssoclallon, wishes to thank Ed Rey-

people, and it is safe to say that
very few of these came twice.

If one were to ask Coach Hatfield
how many baseball candidates there
are, he'd say. “Not more than
twenty-two." and yet, if you could
have heard how many said they
were out for baseball, you'd believe
that the entire school had gone
crazy over this national pastime.

llolds, who wrote the script, organl~
zcd the songs and directed the few
rehearsals, for his valiant efforts.
O'Brien is grateful also to George
Amyot, Paul Ditlman, and all the
others who did their utmost in try-
ing to make the best of a bad situa-
tion. He sincerely wishes the next
attempt all the success and luck of
which this first effort was devoid.

 

ll

l
.

l

  

< .".!‘I' 132:1", 7—27.,“

