  

 m.» .s...u.,........,..,c.4- .,...¢r.,~.,.«.mm

 

.ri—v  -

r
E
l
i

"W. ,1er

  
   

 

Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL

29.I938

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the News
Board representing the student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,
3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

IIFRIBINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIITIIING IV

I I I l
NaironalAdvertlsmgSemce,Inc.
Cullen Publisher: Representative
42° MADISON AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.
ERICA“! - BOSTON - LOI AIIIILES - SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHIE Woczou   Editor-in-Cliief
DAVID B. SMITH  . Managing Editor
ROBERT E. Henrwrc Associate Managing Editor
Eon/m B. O'HORA  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN STRONG .......... ..  Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NlGH’l'lNGALE    Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD ,. Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BlLZl ..................................... ,. Circulation Manager

ISSUE EDITOR
Edgar B. O’Hara

 

    
 

 

  

 

IN MEMORIAM

Dan Keel was my friend. We’d met
at Freshman camp and since that time had
“bull sessioned” it on several occasions.
The age old topic of Life and Death oc-
curred and we feel that Dan, student as he
was, has just found the answer a little fast-
er than the rest of us.

To his family we express our sincere
regrets at his untimely and unexpected
death.
—

Rat and Responsibility

"Wu could urguo ubout ll nll nighl nnd ncvcr
gcl nnywhl-l'c. Nobody knows uuylhlug nboul it uny-
wuy' INN] word m ” IHill §l(“ll‘~l.li‘lllllll’fl(}l‘ in NEWS.

October 10, will}.

Always after hearing this statement
made, we wonder if this is really a teach-
er’s training college. Teachers are suppos-
ed to impart knowledge, but with this atti-
tude the only thing our pupils will learn is
how to dodge responsibility.

It would be impossible for a doctor or
lawyer to say ‘let it go, it doesn’t matter".
Why should it be possible for us, who are
to specialize in the field of human relations,
to pass problems off with a shrug?

State college students haVe many op-
portunities to how about international af-
fairs at meetings sponsored by the various
clubs but such gatherings are only lightly
sprinkled with our students. No one under-
stands all about his ficld, but we could

 

make an attempt to know about this silly .

space called the world.

We hope the next time that somconc
makes this statement of ignorance that a
wisec 'ackcr shouts “Why don’t you learn 2’”
As Gumaer said, “an uninformed chemist
is not exactly a chemist, but an uninformed
teacher is still a teacher, not i'or better but
for Worse,"

Men ’3 Housing-Problem

State college nccds a men’s dormitory
sadly. This year with the influx of men the
freshmen were scattcrod all over town in
private homos. The group houses arc not
adequate to lodge the 100 men now clitor-
ing yearly. 'l‘he fraternities arc forbiddcu
to accommodate men during thci'r first
year at State, This mcu hcltcr' skcltcrcd all
over Albany have no chance to overcome
their ‘homosickncss’ through the formation
of new friendships and during the first
year they lose many of the advantages that
a common dormitory would insure. The
only way that this can be accomplished is
for the seniors to pledge to the Dorm drive
and do their part to improve their Alma
Mater.

 

 

Education and Sensationalism

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

Freedom of the Press—Bah!

Our Constitution has granted us this, we are told
by authorities. Yet, when a popular magazine pre-
sents a subject disagreeable to an intolerant majority,
this magazine is removed from the new; stands.

We do not believe that pornographic literature
should be sold, but when an article or a pictorial feat-
ure is censured because it presents in a clean unpublic-
ized method a matter about which too many are ignor-
ant, the blue noses have gone too far.

“The Birth of a Baby" in Life presented a clean,
unsexy pictorial story and it aroused a furor. If there
is any educator who will say that facts presented in
this way are not beneficial to all who can understand
them, then we will retract our idea that the narrow-
mindedness which promoted the hurricane, if allowed
free reign, would bring us back to mid-Victorian days
of perilous prudishness.

It has been called everything from filth to sensa-
tionalism. When Education has become sensationalism
then it is time to check up on our ideals and ideas.

There is a great difference between morality and
purltanlculism. As soon as morality restricts neces-
sary and beneficial education, then it has become pur-
itanicalism and as such is an unsound part of our
democracy.

Articles about such matters are important because
too many people contract marriages without any
ideas about the full significance. Upon these derelicts
of their education marriages have crashed and only
through popular mediums such  magazines and pub-
lic schools can these der'clicts be blasted from their
courses.

We believe that instead of denouncing such flours,
we should havo more. Besides this, we shr ’i have
marriage and sex education courses in our grammar,
high schools, and colleges.

It is only when such courses have been instituted
and become successful that magazines can forget about
this education, for only then will there be no need
for it.

alr- 4: a a: :l: a: a:

State college has reached the 'undcr-the-clms-in-
the-outdoors stage at this point, It would be swell
if the students would also remember that the good
burghcrs are also going out more often and therefore
observing our campus, such as it is, more than ever.

Already we have noticed a few scraps of papers
and other forms of rubbish distributed about our front
lawn. We've long thought it would be a swell idea if
the administration would furnish a sand pile for the
students, for thcn they could show their toys and paper
hats as they might. The only thing we're afraid of in
that case would be that the children might throw
sand into each othcr's cycs.

Seriously, howcver, some form of waste receptacle
might be 01' value if placed out on the front lawn.

Boo/e of the Wee/e}
Life in the Dust Bowl

.-\ Prayer for ’l'omorl'ow by J. Hyatt Downing, G. P.

Putnam's Sons, New York, 1038, 342 pugcs.

’0)! .mlr- in fur l’ll-‘IHJ

A Prayer for Tomorrow. by J, Hyatt Downing, is
for from arid, although it is u lnlc of the dust bowl
und its people. All adolescent boy, Lynn McVeigh,
growing into manhood, making friends and influenc-
ing people, making enemies and being influenced by
people, is the hero of this literary sci-to.

The characters are poorly lighted creatures, with
Lynn McVeigh and his father, John McVeigh, being
the only ones not somewhat in lllc shadows us fur
us the rcadcr' is concerned.

’l‘hc story traces the great rucu for the rich pas-
llll‘c lands by tho ngrlculturisls. 'l‘hcy occupy the
land, plow it, and prosper on a bumper crop for a
your or LWo. Prosperity causes them to go in debt
for morn.- land and more tools so that whcn it dry your
llllb lhcm they are hcuvily lndcbtcd.

Still, llilllllllfllCL' reigns, but when unothcr dry

ycul‘ llllh tllcm tllc bunk fails, and most of thc pcoplc , _
‘ To Receive

that Lynn kncw go down to dcfcntresulcidc, disgrace,
poverty.

This story reminded us a llLill: of the old Buchellcr
stories. It is packed with uctlon of many characters,
and in spite of the present trend the author does not
compicto the biography of each one but chops them
when their influence on Lynn is ended. This is manna
to those of us who would rather read 300 pages and
know one person Well, than road 1200 and have only
a Jumble of information about a mammoth group of
characters.

We recommend this to all readers who like a lively
talc Well written and not ovcrwclgilty or too lengthy.

Personal
Viewpoints

We started Personal View-
points with the idea of making it
a Winchelllon of a column. Pro-
gressing under the strain of a
weekly performance we feel at
times it has become more or less
a space filler. Sophego, with its
fresh slant, snapped us out of
our lethargy and we greet the
spring with new enthusiasm.

Ix ill 4‘ t

We would like to suggest to
the faculty of State college that
they consider extending the
girls’ late permission one half
hour after formal dances.

State has had good bands and
to get them has had to pay for
them. The students who attend
have to spend between three and
four dollars just for bids to the
shebang. State's students have
little money to spare and to re-
ceive value in full they stay right
through the last dance.

This leaves very little time for
the enthusiasts to gather re-
freshments and dash home. By
extending this time limit one
half hour the flurry and rush
will be appeascd and the State
students will enjoy themselves
more.

We realize that when the girls
had this privilege it was sadly
abused, but We believe, however,
that ‘statents’ have adopted a
more wholesome attitude toward
such regulations and would be
sancr in their uses 01' extra free-
dom.

We wish the faculty would scr-
iously consider this proposal
because We realize it should not
be acted on too lightly.

EGO

 

 

Twenty—Nine Receive
Teaching Positions

 

 

According to the announcement of
the Appointment Bureau, twenty-
ninc seniors, graduates and former
graduates have received teaching
positions.

positions are: Anna Sarconc, English
and commerce at Ticonderoga; Ina
Young, French and English at Corn-
wall-on-Hudson; Gar Arthur, social
studies at Valley Stream; Earle
Cleaves, science at Schaghticoke;
Ruth Shoemaker, commerce at
Clyde; Elizabeth Concy, social
studies at Waterford; Thomas Ryan,
English at Wappingcr Falls; John
O'Brien, commerce at Fort Ann;
Floi'cllcc Ringrosc, English at Crown
Point; Harold Roisslg, conunci'ce at
Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake; Helen
Cullcnlus, alin and English at
Wallkill; Florence Loren, commerce
ul Wallkill; Gladys Finstcr. com—
mcrcc at Gouvcrncur'.

Graduates: Mary Peck, English
and social sciences at Stanfordvillc;
Ruth Lindsey, library at East Hamp-
ton; John Policy, English at Rox—
bul'y; Donuld Brinton, commerce of
Bcllport; Ruth Roussc, English,
sociul sludlcs and library at Mul‘gnr—
ctvillc,

Olhcr gruduntcs who have received
positions are: Mary White, '32, sociul
studics at Bethlehem Ccn tcr;
Thomas Burlington, ’37, muthc-
mnlics at Whitcsboro; Mrs. Joseph-
lIlL‘ ’I'oolcy, '28, English and library
at. Verona; Carol Hill, '36, commerce
ul. Frccport; Augustus Askln, ’34,
mulhcaniCs and scionCc at Ech-
villc; Ethel Pitcher, '32, mathematics
at Wnslringtonviilc; Richard Jonson,
'20, supervising princlpul ul. Bald-
wnlsvillc; Benjamin lngruhum, '34,
English and commerce at Wapplngcr
l“ullh; John Dctlcfson, ’33, commerce
of liclllnlll‘c; Eudora li‘urrcll, '30,
:‘Illgllhll ond connucrcc at Sng llur-
)or

Freshmen. Camp IAdvisors

lntervrews
All wolncn who hch applied for
positions as counsellors at Fl‘lfﬁllllllm
Comp must sign up for interviews to
be llcld in the "Y" office from May 2
until May 0, Every applicant must
have an interview, if iillc wants to
bc consldcrcd us a [)(lb'Sllﬂo counscl~
for. The poster to sign on is on the
buck of the Main Bulletin Board in
Draper Hall.

If there are still some who want
to apply and have not, secure an up-
pllcation blank from Marlon Rocke-

 

feller or Betty Allen today or Mon~
day.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

After all, eVeryone's happy to be
back in school again, isn‘t he?
(Attention, Mr. Hardy.) Lots of
people’s vacations ended in a whirl
of excitement, romantic and other-
wise, but lots and lots of people had
lots of crabbing to do because of the
weary hours of the recess. That lets
the Statesman out, since he spent
the vacation “checking up.”

Saddest story: Gaffney, having
suffered the lonely hours to the end
of human endurance, left the home
town . . . just in time to miss vis-
itors: Crounse and Fogarty,

The most exciting thing Squook
did was to visit Lloyd Kelly. Well,
Parrott?

Gaylord acquired that tempting
tan as a ten-day farmer.

He wrote her three hours after she
left that Wednesday. He got eight
lcttcl’s. She was teased by her own
sister and Schonenbcrg Sunday aft-
ernoon and Eckeled by the man in
question Sunday night.

The next Mayor of Renssclacr
lnickname: Cupid; so-callcd becauso
of his Bus and arrows! spent several
comfortable days in Albany with
Troy‘s Murphy bcforc traveling part
of the rocky road!

Stop-overs on Ontario street in-
cluded Poland and Gumacr. Folnnd
stopped over on Quail street .oo , , .
found the people, the things, and
particularly Miss Spraguc. quiLc
moving.

[L‘s the Irish in Statesman. Ho's
Dublin with laughter, unkind laugh-
tor, on thinking of the sad state of
the amorous athletes in 010 NYSCT.
Both the tcnnis and baseball teams
will be mixing it up in distant poian
on May 6 and 7. Those are fulcr-
sorority dates, by the way . . .

Rmnembcr, Kiddies: When tlu-y
say: “Fine for picking” they mcan
$25.00 fine for picking flowers over
in the campus annex. Also, here‘s
fair warning: Statesman will be in
Washington park ncxt week. Here's
an easy way to attract attention , . .
but we can‘t print ALL the names!

The dorm is highly scented with
moth balls, but the girls :.re still in-

v | . Esistlng that the lads moth come up
Seniors who have received teaching

and see thorn.

Wanted: 1939 male cheerleader".
What’s wrong, follows? Is the out—
look so chccrlcss? Now all you gotln
do is find out who they were who
dropped the nominations. Yeah,
Morph!

They say it's still chilly nl indinn
Ladder"? Who says so? All—ha . , .
Statesman knows. Drop your ln'ibcs
in tile  box . . . if it will hold
them all , . , We've been kind this
Week, but with elections ovcr and
warm wcnlilcr hero . , , bc car'clul
Statcspcoplc!

Gracionsly,
THE MAN 01" S’l‘A’l‘li

Catalogue Lists
Curriculum Changes

Vul'ious minor clu’lngcs huvc bccn
mndc in tin: Stutc collcgc coluloguc
for tile ycur 1038—39, with (ultslnnd-
mg changes mulnly in tllc Physic.»
department.

In tho Physics (lcpul‘thlcnt, coursm

2, 3, 4, and 5 have been omittcd, and
several ollu-rs substituted. 'l‘hc, ncw
oncs arc: ll_ Problcms in (icllcl'ul
Physics; 12, Mechanics und Propor—
tion 01' Muttcl'; 13, fluid, Sound ulld
Light; 14, Mugnclism and llilllCLl‘l-
city; If), lilsloricul llcvclopmcnl. of
Physics; llil l‘ill‘ltll'll‘lly; Bl, (ll-ncl'nl
Phys , und 22A, introduction to
Physical Hi-lcncc. (,‘onsctplcntly dllc
to llll'hl‘ l'cvlslorm, ultcl'uliolls lluyc
bccn lllllllc lll lhc mujor and minor
rc(uurcmcnls.
’l‘hc classlllcution of llll‘llllilln
tilllll'ﬁl‘h lum bccn clul'il‘lcd. lllstcud
oi' culling lhcm Mcthods 50, they nrc
all now clussil'lcd undcr ltducullon
14, according to subjccl,

'l‘lu- lliconomlcs-Hor:lology ill-purl.-
mcut hm.- uddch llil, lnlcrnatlonul
.uw; umi Lilli, Scmlnur in American
History. Political Scicncc bus udd-
cll: lll, Munlclpul (iovcrnmcnt; 113,
Amcrlcun Political Portion; nnd llil
lnlcrnullonul Luw. '

Other courses uddod are: Biology
l13, Physiology lformcrly 13!;
Chemistry, 2215, Introduction to Phy~
slcnl Science; English 30A and 30B,
English Prose and Poetry,

Courses (lcletcd from the curricu-
lum are: Biology, 10, ii, and ill;
English, 42, 117A, 110, and 144; Eco-

 

nomics-Sociology, 242 and 243.

 

STATE COLLEGE news, APRIL 29, mm

Page 3

 

Nine Will Meet
Engineers Today

On Bhecker Field

State Nine Loses First Two
Games; Pratt 13-5 And
To Norwich 7-3

This afternoon at four o'clock, the
varsity nine will enter into the third
round of the current season when
they encounter their engineering
rivals from across the river in a.
contest at Blcccker Stadium, prepar-
atory to leaving for Annandale to-
morrow where they will invade the
Bard college campus in an effort to
booster their five hundred average
which the game will give lhern,
should they cmergc victorious.

In opening its 1938 campaign in
baseball, the State college nine suf-
fered two defeats in tho first two
games of" the season, having suc-
cumbed to Pratt Institute in Brook-
lyn on Saturday. April 23, and then
bowing bcforc lhc Norwich univel's-l
ity squad in, Blccckel' Stadium lhcl
following Monday. Despite the fact"
the the ptli'cllusc of new uniforms
has made a bcltcr looking team out;
of the Purplc and Gold aspirants,
their brand of bascbull was far l'rom
the best,

The 13—5 (lci'cul gnl'ncl'cd in they
initial conlcsl with Pratt has a far
dccpcr story than lhc lop-sided score 1
tells. Errors and misplays were the
main cause for lhe borne towncrs',
defeat. for the dcfcndcrs had in}
earned runs exactly iln'cc lullics:
but since lhc uumc pays off with all
that you got. no lnuLtcr how. the end
found lhc up~slulcrs on tho :»lll)l'l
end of tho scorc, ,

Roswell Fulrbank started on llll'l
mound for the visitors with Gordonl
Peattic completing the battery; but.
due to the lattcr's lncapnbility of]
holding the bull, he was removed ml
the third inning in favor of Czrptaini
John O'Bricn who started at Lhc‘
initial suck. Fairbunk was then rc-I
movcd uftcr having nllowcd four
runs to scorc, and was l'cpluccd by;
Currol Lchmun who \Vclu lhc rest.
of“ lhc routc for tho tcnm.

 

 Student Assembly to Choose
Between Edge and Friedlander

 

John Edge and Leonard Fricdlander, juniors, candidates for the presi-

dency of the student association.

This morning's assembly will feu-
lurc illc student association clcc—
lions. according to the announce-

_mcnt made by Warren I. Dcnsmorc,
338, prcsidcnt of the student assoc-

iation.

’I‘hc chairman of the elections
commission will iiiti‘()(lllCc the speak-
of representing cucll candidate. The
.spcnkcr will thcn introduce his cun-
didatc, Erich spcukcr and candidate
will bc ullowcd three minutes in
which to nddrcss the sludan assem-
bly

’I‘hc candidates for sludcnl assoc-
iation offices are: pl'csldcnt, John

Edge. vice-president of sludcnc

association and president 01' his

M. A. A. Plans

Spring Program

Wuh onc month before final
cxnms. M. A. A. and Intramural

 

Slillc was in n hitting lnood tliatlmlmcil meson“, a conun-(qwnsiw
ullcrnoon, but when lhc pinches hum-LS "mm-um {01- um men 01' smug, l East“. mention

cumc und runncrs wcrc in scoring
position, lllc punch was gone. Filll'-}
bank was lhc big gun in the State
attack, acquiring n homc run and n
singlc from his trips to the plate,

Softball
A, A. is starting a soft-bull
lcuguc under the management of

lJl)SC])ll Boslcy, ‘39, which will consist“
iof Lhc fivc group houses, Avalon hall,

in lusl lV'lllllllil}":i ongugcmcnl. oncc lCUHCBC house, Kappa Bola, Kappa
uguin lhc final score of 7—3 (1008 not ‘Dulm Rho, potter Club. and mo in-
tcll lhc lnlc; for not only did llicldvamnh Lem,”

Hull'icld ninc garner mol'c hits but,

Gnmcs will Dc played Monday

Dal' Vllll KlFIII‘illl. bill'llillé 10!" Llliﬁlhrough Thursday. Those games that

Statcsmcn. \i'ds ncvcr oncc in :1 jam
through his own cfforts.
Vnn Kcurun |)ll('ll(‘(l bl‘lllinnl. bull

 

and but for lllc humorous crl'ors zilldi‘Mondny and has announced that]

have been postponed during the
chk will be played on Friday,

Boslcy will rclcnsc the schedule on

"boncrs" which lllc Slntc (.‘l‘l‘W mun- ' cuch lcum is to elect. its own captain.

ngcd lo pull mu of the bug. his fntc‘
mlng luch bccn than of thc winning
pitcllcl'.

 

’l‘cnnis
’l‘hc ulmunl spring tcnnis tourna-

man will get undcr way some time

’l‘hc llllllll'lll (illilll, lll)Wt'Vt'l', didlnr-xt wch with Bcl'nurd anfncy,

displuy u slcllul' brand of bull intcr-i
mlltcnlly (.‘nlcy Alluusluu- lll his

'30, in chin-go. Those men who urc
inlcrcslcd in inking port in the tour-

inulul |)l‘l'llll‘lllllll(ll' nl lllc backstopglunncnt must sign up by ncxt Morl—
posl is promising mulcl'iul; llill I'lnl- Hilly nmllt.

lcr pluycd "licuds—up" bull wllilcl

subbing ill. lllc kl‘i'h‘llmc ruck. Milk “l ll!“ “Of-‘0 51100 “Ul'lmg C‘llllel‘llr'nnd chl'ugc scor'cs will be posted itl.‘
usllnc uiul l'lnllcr \vcl'c lllc only two winch will get lllKlUl‘ WHY W110“ lhc ('llll of [he play-offs.
rookics lo scc uclloll lusl Moluluy and “1100811 IIH‘H llith‘ slsnvd ill) 0” L110!

Kcn Huscr, '40, will bc in charge

llll‘)’ will llluloubtcllly scc llll‘llly of u, M. A. A. bulletin board. The con-

bcl'orc llu- scuson is r-omplctcd.

 

Doug/us 'I'o liromlcusl
Daily Sporls Program

Hum-bull fans! Slop! Look!

llcud! ltcnl cnllmslnsm us Wcll l;

as knowlcdgc of llu- gulnc wrll bc
found in Paul Donglus, \vcll
known hillll'lh conlnlcnlnlln', \vllo
l'l‘l.|ll'lll‘ll to [ho Nullonnl llroud»
cuhlnlg colnpullv Millions, Aprll

lcsl. wrll lukc place in buck ol' thclPU-‘l- TN!" W- L. l'ct.
“um, i (iollcgc bousc , 10 ii .704
(loll ’l‘ournnmcnt

John lu‘ckcl, '40, is ill chul'gc of Lhc

unnunl golf lourmmu-m, which wrll
bcgin lhls chncsduy or ’l‘hul'sduy.
"l‘hosc who wish lo purticipntc must,
nun up bcion- Monday night,

'l‘llc lllllll'lli'h will llc pluycd ut tlic

Albany Municipal (loll coursc on
Ncw Hl'lrllulul uwnuc. ’l‘hcrc Will bc
:1 Illunlllnl ll'l‘ ol filly ('l'lllh illl' wr-l'k
duys nnd .-,cvcnly-lch ccnls on Hui.—

liillr. ilouglus, in u qllul‘ll-l'-llolll' ,lu-(luys, Sundays. ulul ll(lll(lil_\'h.

ln'oulll'nsl ul li Ill! o‘clock cvcl‘y
lllHlll, will bring llu- sporln rc-
vicw of lllc (lily.

l)ougln.~. in not only (lilc o1 lhc
bcsl spoils cornlucnlulol's in llu- ]

Szawlowski Will Head
State Chess Varsity

As it rcsull of lllc (‘llllllhlluh‘llli sup—

l;ltllir-, lull lll‘ ulhli l'lmms llp- ,lllil‘l illlll llll'lllilll. lilil‘ lllt‘ ('llcss l,l)lll'~
poi-ks, knotvs ull ll“. “hump-h “m1 {numan llu: boys huvc fol'lncll u
lfl'lﬁ us cXcIlcll us lhl- llycd—lli— lll'lilll10““lll'l‘m'nl Will“

i

flu-~wool liilhl'llllll lull who docs

will hch us his gucsls ul. lhc
lnlko “(iubby" Tilll‘l.llt!l., Chicago

 

(Juplulncd by Stove "Show" Szuw—

(Liubs culchcl', "Ducky" Mcdwlck, .lll'llﬁlllllml-

slugging outfielder of the St. l

The chcss tcum loci in a trial

mm“ (nu-(.5, mm “mm, mun, lmutch with Lllc Albany High squad

well known slurs.

 

yesterday, and the results wore most
encouraging.

Osophomore class, Leonard Fricdlan—

,lKlngslcy, '40, vicc-prosidcnl.; Mildred
,Lubrum. ‘40, sccrctury; and Lorrulno
,(irccn, ’30, lrcusurcr.
his bl‘onllcustim; from lhc out {WW-“dill "ill, “10 Ll‘lllll “101”le JOlHllW’ (‘olumlttccs
“up; Mouton-m 111 u (-lnnou \‘ulltu lClll'llllllll, '39, DUNE. Mlll'lllli’v WIHHUI‘ lAdonuu Rector, '30, chulrlnon, Kon-
ln U“, “H”- mmm Dough” of the chcss tolu'runncnt, Llllllh'lnctll Wutic, '30, Ilurvic Klulls '41;
li'runccllo, srmlunnorcs, “Hllm” Hoosc, constitution, Wultcr Russ, '30, choir-
lliugcnc McNally, and lilll chunt, cum, Miss

l

 

o_..__

ldcr, speaker of the constitutional as—
sclnbly and member of debate coun-
cil; vice-president, Lloyd Kelly,
prcsldcnt of his sophomore class,
‘Wultcr Simmons, president of his.
ll’rcshmun class; secretary, Stcphcn
lKusak, stndcnt association cheer
‘lcudcr, Stanley Smith. pl'csidcnt of
his frcshmnn cluss; cheerleader,
lMuricl Barry, John Gardcphc, Louis
lGrccnspan, Marion Kingsley, Dor-
lolhy Pcak, Gordon Pcnlllc, Wilfred
v’l‘homas; rcprcscnlnlivc to M. A. A.,
chorgc Anryot, Joscph Boslcy. Will-
ard F‘rumcnt. Julius Hcrshkowitz,
William Ryan, Anthony Wiiczynski;
. F. S. A. dclcgatc, Joscph Cap-
lpicllo. ROchll “airbank, Willard
lFrumcnt. Haskell Roscnbcrg, Rita
Sullivan.
, A delegation of Onconta Normal
lschool students will visit this morn-
l ing's assembly for the purpose ol' in-
lvcstigaling the system 01' student
lgovcrnmcnt in use at State college.
‘ During the assembly there will be
u mornan ol' silcnt prayer in incin-
lor'y oi' Dunlcl chl, ‘40, who was
lkillcd on his way home for lhc

 

 

College House-Tops _
Intramural League

l
l With Coilcgr- House at the top of
‘lhc hcnp in the final scramble, the
Slate Collcgc Intramural Bowling
Lcuguc comes to an cud. Potter
lcltll) a half game behind and
Avnlon hall, two games bchind. fin-
islicd in iWO-Llll'cc positions.
Starting Monday, tllc bowling
iplny—ol‘i's will take place with College
-housc incl-ting Sigma Lambda Sig-
lmu, Potlcr club meeting All-Others
lAvulon hnll mcctlng Albany.
: 'l‘llc first round mutclu-s will tnkc
plucc Monday, 4:45 o'clock ul. llrc
Pulucc Bowling ullcys on Contl'ul nvc-
nuc. "l‘lu- scmi—l'inuls will lukc place
chdncsduy and thc finuls nch Mon-
ldny. ’l‘hc individuals, triples, totuls,

ll‘inul Standing

'2 Pottcl' club ., l2 (3 .067
iii Avulon hull 17 ill .030

 

Al (ll'uds in l) .025 l

b Higmu Lumbdu Sig 13 ii .020

b‘ All-Ollll‘l'h 13 ll .6le

, ’l‘l'lly l1! l2 .lillll
.‘ ll Allnlny 13 H .‘llili,
‘ 0 All-Stuns . 7 17 .3023
ll! Knppu llclu b if) .2313

‘Baptist Club Elects
Hewitt As President]

l’illl'll' ill-will, "ill, will scl'vc us
prcsldcnl. oi llu- lu-wly-fol'mcd liup-J
llhl club us it rchull. of tho l'cccnt
‘l'll’l'llllll conduclcd by lllc club.

, ()l.hcr ol‘iiccrs will be: Mui'ion

 

include: publicity,

Kingsley and Miss
lullu'nm.

The club meets every Thursday at
3:30 o’clock in room 210 of Draper
hull. All Baptist students are cor—

 

diolly invited to attend. 'uWul’

schcdulc for tho currcnl scuson lsl
us follows:

MW 0 ‘1)rowunlvcrslly

 

Spring Season
Pitch

and
Catch

 

 

B. C.

Spring sports are getting into full
swing now, after having been post-
poned during mid-semester exams.
However, sports will have a difficult
time staying in the public eye, with
all the other various activities which
are being crowded into the next
three or four weeks.

Due to postponement, archery re-
quirements have been reduced to
seven‘ clock hours of participation.

The spring tennis tournament is
scheduled to begin May 2. Sign up
now on the bulletin board so that
the order of games can be arranged
before the first play—offs start.

We hear that our baseball captain
is searching diligently for a prac-
ticed pitcher and a competent
catcher. What happened to last
year's team members?

Attention all Lotta Bunkers candi-
dates! A weekend has been tenta-
tively arranged for May 6, '7, and 8.
This will undoubtedly be the only
other weekend this year besides
Moving Up day weekend. So you'd
better plan to go if you lack a hike
or weekend for credit,

Incidentally, what has happened
to Lotto. Bunkcr's' program this year?
Participation has been astoundineg
small. Hasn‘t the program been ex-
tensch enough? Is A. A. going too
sophisticated to be interested in
comp life? Have the improvements
made at camp detracted from the
appeal of the rugged outdoor life?
Are \vcckcuds too expensive? If you
have any ideas or suggestions on the
subjch we'd like to hear 'em.

Rainbow Duy seems to be the big-
gest event on the athletic horizon.
The committee in charge is doing
its best to produce a success, so that
the affair will be an annual one, ro—
tating among the three schools. See
you there, in your ranbowiest
outfits!

State’s Netmen

Will Meet Bard

Slate‘s tennis squad will open its
curran season this aflcrnoon when

 

'l.hcy Ll‘ilVl‘l down river to Bard Col-

logo at Annundnlc-on—thc-Hudson.
'l‘omorrow lhc rucqucttcrs will jour-
ncy over to Burlington to match
fort-cs with the strong University of
Vcrmont outfit.

li‘our vctcrans of past seasons will
be on (lock to serve today while the
loss of former captain Hurry Wheel-
cr. Bill Scbcrl., and Les Rubin
through graduation will be sorely
fcll. Cuptuin Harold Colin, No.
man on the varsity roster a your ugo
and Will Frmncnt, Gordon Rand,
and Ken IJorun arc the four vet.-
cruns returning. George Pearson
und Jock Murphy, both of whom
suw plenty of action lilSt your will
also bc among the missing Loduy.

Lust your State Won their cngugc-
mcul.s with Bord at Annundalc 7-2
wilh lhc lcnnis—mimlcd teachers
swccping five sillglc and two doublc
matches, and dropping one in cucll
dcpnrlmcnl.

'l‘oduy's mulch will consist of six
single matches and three (loublcs,
tllc wlnncr cluiminu fch mulchcs.
in ol‘dcr to sclcct thc inch for the
vursuy tcum, u smull luddcr tourna-
man bus been used.

Slulc will be rcprcscnlcd in tho six
singlc lnulcllcs by Colin and Il‘l'u-
nlcnl, bolh of whom wrll pluy twu
mulchcs upiccc, null ltund, ’l‘onrus—
slnn, Kill), ol' Smith will ploy tlu-
olllcl' IWo mutchcs. L‘uhn und ll'ru-
nlcnl who rcmulhcd undcfculcd lust
ycur will puir up lll two of tho
doublc contcnts.

'l‘lds your State bus ()llc. of the
best und nt lilo sumo limo tho stif-
fcsl. schedule in recent yours. The

April 20 *liul'd collcgc
30—»‘Univ. of Vermont

7 ASL. .lohn’s university
llirr- -I'lul‘twl(:k

l7~'R. P. I.
21»~’Hltl'lWle

Bil-~liur'd college

Sophomore Class
To Have Revotes
For widates

Class Voting to Take Place
In Room 28, Richardson,
For Seven Posts

As We go to press the only revotes
posted are those of the sophomore
class. The revotes for this class will
take place Wednesday noon in room
28. The freshman class will have
theirs the same noon in room 20 and
the juniors will be in room 206.

The offices of president and vice-
president have been filled and there-
fore there are no revotes for this
office. There is a three way revote
for the office of secretary between
Eleanor Groll, Dorothy Pritchard,
and Ruby Stewart.

There is another three way revote
for the trcnsurership between Mary
Arndt, Robert Cogger, and Walter
Harper. For manager of women's
athletics the candidates are Betty
Denmark and Virginia Michell.

Another three man race prevails
for representatives to Finance board.
This is between Stanley Kullrnan,
Joseph McKeon, and John Ryan.
Two of these will be elected to fill
this position,

The two candidates left running
for the representative of the class to
W. A. A. are Louise Hessncy and
Janet Montfort. The office of re-
porter has Richard Dooley, Otto
Howo, and Sally Young left in the
race. This is the fourth three way
r'cvotc in the class of '40.

For the editorship of the freshman
handbook Otto Howe, and Leonard
Kowulsky are the candidates. This
is the position which takes charge
of the assembling and distributing
of" those little ‘frcslnnan blbles' that
the class of 1941 found so useful.

Milne Baseball Team
1 To Play Rensselaer

 

The Milne high baseball team will

open its season today when this
year’s aggregation lines up against
chssclacr high in chsselacr. The
team is in the hands of Tom Ryan
’of the State nlnc.
I Milne has four lottcrmen return-
,ing i'rom last year, three infielders
land one pitcher. Captain Bob Taft
fir. returning to first base, Game to
llhird, and Funk at either short stop
‘01‘ second base, The hurling staff is
the principal problem since McKeon
is the only veteran pitcher on the
squad. However, in spite of a very
tough schedule, and the loss of last
ycur's regulars, Couch Ryan expects
a fair scuson. Milne will play its
home gumes on the field in back of
lllc Alumni Rcsidcncc halls.

Thr- schcdulc is as follows:

 

April 29chnssclucl‘ .. ........ .. away
Muy :l~»-~Pl1illp Schuyler  borne
Muy fr—Albuny High .......... .. home

 
 

 

 

Muy il-wCathcdl'ul . ........... ,. home
Muy 12»-—-Drupcr , , home
May l7~~chosclucr .... ., home
Muy le—Philip Schuylor  away
May 2rl—r—Albnny I-ligh . ....... .. away
Muy 20-—I‘)rupcr . . .. uwny

Junc ii~Culllcdrul ............ .. away

Newman to Entertain

, Bishop With Banquet

| Nchllull hull will bc honored
’l‘luu'sduy by u visit from Edmund F.
iGibbons, Right l.cvcrcnd Bishop of
'Albuny. This will bc one of his rurc
soclnl visus lo llu- clllb and u bun-
;quct will bc conduchd in his honor,
‘ .»\d<lilionnl llucsls will be Father
John chlc, chupluln ol' Ncwmuu
illull; ll'ulllcl‘ l.u\vrcncc Kelly, scorc-
lury lo lhc bishop; Eulhcr John Col-
lms, onc oi' lbc foundcrs oi' lhc hull;
and F'ulhcr Pulrlck Rooney, chancel-
lor of ihc Albuny diocese.

 

 

W. A. A. To Have Revotes

Following lllc cluninntion elections
during lhc curlicr purl. of the week,
Women's Athletic ussociulion is con—
ducting rcvotcs loduy. 'l‘hc lwo rc-
muinhn; cnndldutcs for vice-presi—
dan of the association are Delhi
Dolnn and June Palmer, juniors; for
treasurer, Betty Clark und Virginia
Elson, sophomores; for secretary,
Louisa Chupmun and Frances Rhmi.
freshmen. Polls will be closed at

 

4:30 o'clock.

 

     
  
      
  
 
      
      
   
    
        
     
     
    
  
   
  
   
  
     
     
   
    
      
        
  
   
    
   
    
   
          
     
  
   
       
     
   
  
    
    
     
   
     
      
     

 

 

 

 

ii.
i
i

  
     
           
      
      
      
 
         
   
 

         

