 

 

 

  

Page 2

 

STATE COLLIEIUE NEWS, OCTOBER 28, 1938

  

 

Established by the Class of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation
Telephones: Office, 5~9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwlg, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

IIFIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINU IV
National Advertising Servnce, Inc.
College Publisher: Repruentcﬁve

Azo'MADIcoN Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICABO ' I0l1ol ‘ LOI AIOILII ' 5A] FIAICIICO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

EDGAR B. O'HonA .   Editor-in-Ghicf
JEAN STRONG  Co-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. HEli'i‘WlG  Managing Editor
Orro J. Hows ...................... ..  Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY   Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youno . , . . . . , . .  Associate Managing Editor
VlCTORlA A. BlLZl ..... .. . . Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON  , Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTlOLlNE  .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin  ..  Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark . . .  Women’s Sports Editor

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pooey to Proctoring

"So are they nllI ull llonornlilc mon—" Blinkespcuro.

Today we took a test in a department
Whose members previously had given us
the impression that they trusted us, and
although the rooms were proctored there
was no tense air because of the excess care-
fulness of this watching. But today we
were not treated  honest people, but
rather as miscreants of the worst and bold-
est type. The group was separated into two
rooms and seated so far apart that a tele-
scope was necessary to even recognize your
neighbor. Then our proctor told us to
watch our own papers or have them taken
from us. This system was inaugurated in
a department which previously had allowed
a period of relaxation in the middle of the
examii‘lation. And we believe there was as
little or less cheating under this system than
there was in any other department of the
school. 'l‘horo was some under the old sys-
tem but we felt we were being treated
fairly and therefore played l'al'rly.

We do not believe that State college
students are thieves or cheats but this is
what the heavily proctorcd test accuses
us ol.~ being. We believe there will be more
attempts to cheat, and more ingenious
methods used to cheat in a carefully
guarded tcst than in one where you are
trusted.

Under the ‘honor’ system proposed last
year we would substitute for the proctor
system a spy system, one which would cause
you to “tattle” on your neighbors who
might cheat. We would never sign such
a pledge because we would rather have
the present system than a system of
()Gl’Uism.

It We are honourable and can be trusted
why not institutc a truly ‘honor’ systcm.
Let’s have one whcrc we sign a pledge say-
ing we ourselves will not cheat nor aid
others in chooting. lly this mothod tho in-
hcrcnt honesty of tho, studcnt body would
be givon a chnncc to show itscll' and pos-
sibly it would work. it Wo arc to haVc
an honor systcn‘i, this is the ideal one.
We, we admit, arc idcalists in believing
this, but we suspoct that the students would
be conscientious onough to rospoct the trust
pluccd in thcm and would not cheat—not
bccausc they’d got caught but because
thcy’d think cheating was wrong. There
would be some cheating under the honor
system but if honestly and fearlessly car-
riod out, student opinion would enforce it
without ‘tattlotalos.’

 

 

A Senior Views Campus Day

 

 

Commentstater

(THE C'OMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column, though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE News.)

Tomorrow is Campus day—one of our oldest and
finest traditional days, second only to Moving-up day.
Tomorrow all the pageantry of beauty, costume,
talent and humor of State college will be put on for
an evening's entertainment—if you want it so. It can
very easily be an empty procession and a dismal fail-
ure, or it can be a manifestation of the best spirit
and effort of all the student body. What do We mean?
Merely this—

From the opening bars of “Pomp and Circum-
stance" to the mad dash to dormitory or group house
at the midnight hour (and We do hope that Campus
day won't turn into a Campused day), make the spirit
of the evening a part of you. Freshmen have before
them the thrill of the appearance of the Queen they
helped to choose; upperclassmen may view for the
first time the talents of the freshmen as they are
shown for the first time in the stunts, and guests have
an opportunity to see State college having a good time.

So you think you know who is Campus Queen?
Well, We have a couple of bets on it, too, but We will
be craning our necks Just as hard as you when the
door from Richardson into Page opens and the lucky
girl of the senior quintet steps slowly out. When the
music begins, we will be standing, not because we be-
lieVe in the “divine right of kings"—-or queens—be-
cause We want to show our respect for the girl who
has been chosen as our queen for the evening, and for
her attendants.

However, the procession is what We might call a
climatic prelude, because there is more to come. We
can't promise you anything about the stunts. States-
man-like, We've been snooping around, but all we
could dISCOVer was the costume plans for the Senior
stunt and they are tremendous. We are kccping our
collective fingers crossed, hoping that they will be bet-
ter than the reception stunts, which have already been
so thoroughly (and justly) "panned." thn we have
seen such noteworthy stunts as those given last Moving-
up day, we shall feel that We aren‘t getting our money‘s
worth (Ed. Note: there is no admission charge) if
tomorrow night docs not produce some super-stunts.
However, We, like you, will be a receptive and appre-
ciative audience.

Shall We dance? But, yos! and the gym probably
will be crowded with more like us, (From State col-
logc, We llODCil). It may be like a dancing school party
with the follows on one side of the room and the girls
on the other; it may be merely a i‘rcc-l‘or-all rushing
period for the sorority girls. On the other hand, it
may be a swell opportunity for shagging, Lambcth—
walking or just old-fashioned wnltzing.

What's the matter with State stndcnls anyway?
Teachers are supposed to bo. sociable so lct's not to-
gether and be soclilblcwl moon dancing with no stag
lines.

And when it's all over, what will you have?
say that. depends entirely on you.
Wonderful Time,” thank you!

 

We
We’re “Having a

Boo/e of the Week:
Modern Versus Medieval

by Sudic Flux, "10
'l‘ldcs of Mont St. Michel, by Roger Vorcel. translated
from tho ii‘ronch by Wurl'c lirudlcy Wclls, Random
House inc, 1938, 30.") pugos; wlnnor of the 1934 Gon-
court |)l‘l'/.c.

A vivid picture of tho modlovnl Abbcy oi Mont St.
Michol nnd n subtle tnlc of human conflict are skill—
fully lntcrwovon in this novol by itogcr Vorccl.

This story is one of a husband and wll'c who, littor—
ly rnlncd by the depression, urc i'nccd with tho ncccs-
ally of rccmistructlng their lives in an unfamiliar sot-
ling. Andrc, a skilled technician. and Laura. tho
spoich daughter of a millionaire munul'uctnrcr, nrrivo
nt tho Abbcy, whcro Andro hns ngrcod to bccomc a uni—
l'ol‘ml'd Hllltlu, on a stormy night. This doprcsshu,I ut-
mosplu-rc together with n bittur fooling thnl. Andro
hm; lowcrod hcr station in “to combino to giro lluuru
un ovor lncrcuslng hatred for Mont, St. Mlchol und
cvorylhlng cunncctcd with it. Andro, howovor, dospilo
his distuch for a Job which mukos him dcpcndcnt
upon u cmulosccnding tourist trudc, bccomos moro und
moro nttuchcd to this spoil—binding mcdicvul fortress.

’l‘hrough his i‘ucllo wouvlng of sotting, atmosphere,
and plot, the author brings to tho iorcn'ollntl lilo. rc-
sultnnt conflict bctwcon Iluuru's lmlrod of Mont. St.
Mlchcl nnd Andre's growlng ul'!’octlon for it. it might
bc culled u strugglo lJothcn tho clmrm of a building
und that of n womun.

'l‘hc historic lnurkground adds to tho homily of tho
talc; nevertheless, the drama is so humun, so ullvo,
that it could have hnppcnod unywhcro. This is a
story of real pcoplc who luwo to untunglu a difficult
situation in a theatrical setting-"cud the 'l‘ldes of Mont
Ht. Michel play an important part in the final solution.

Personal
0 O
Viewpomts

(EGO is given the widest lati-
tude as author of this column,
though his viewpoints do not
necessarily always reflect those
of the Saw”; COLLEGE News.)

Comes tomorrow night, and
your pal Ego hopes that the prec-
edent set by the sophomore re-
ception will be followed. We
mean about keeping State’s af-
fairs for our own students.
Maybe Myskanla won‘t have to
be bouncers for the evening, and
We might get a little dancing
into our programs. So much
for that!

I! 1' It

Breaking a long run of big
name bands. bands like
Claude Hopkins and Bunny
Berlgan— the seniors succumb
to that disease peculiar to
seniors, tossing Hop with an un-
known musical aggregation. We,
personally, have never heard of
Ray Keatlng, but we won’t pass
any Judgment on him till We do.
He might prove to be good. If
we remember correctly. no one
had heard so much about Joey
Haymes last year, but he proved
to be a lot better than his ad-
vertising.

Those who have heard Keating
say he’s all right; so Ego is going
home to sit by his radio, and
listen to station WOR in the
hope of hearing him.

But don‘t get us wrong. sen-
iors—we'll be at Hopl

II 4! III

Stunts. as usual promise to be
ultra-ultra-supcr excellent. What
with a student council overseer
checking on the value of the
class offerings, something should
happen. Surely, the stunts will
be well-advised—We never did
think they had to be censored.

At least, there's one promising
sign. All the Classes had had
at least one practice session be-
fore Wc wan to press, a feat
which in itself is miraculous.

Wc hope that Reg, or Betty, or
Carolyn, or Pearl. or Chris will
be mucth amused.

EGO.

 

 

Hellenics

 

Hi gnls! Hero wc
lutost sorority news!

Chi Sigma Theta unnounccs tho
l'orlnnl initiation of Florence Hub-
crrr, ‘Ilil, Llcntricc Dower, Mildred
l“olc,\’. Ilclcn Lonry. Ann McGnin-
noss. liincs Novclh', nnd 'ulhcrino
O'Brynn, sophonuu'cs. Chi Sig also
has us now honorary mombors Mr.

arc wtih thc

Wnllncc ’l‘nylor. supcrvisor of social,

studios, and Mr. William Ross Clark,

instructor in English. and Mrs. Clark.

Chi Sigma Thom ulumni hold their
lrlonniul ton inst \vockcnd with Kay
Brodorlck, Clnirc Lyons, class of ’31.
and l..cuh Dorgnn, ’32, acting as
clinirmon.

Wockcnding it at Chi Sig wcrc
Dorothy Gain, '38, F‘rnn McVeigh. ‘37,
Rita Knno and Vera Shlnncrs,
'3llcrs, whilc Mildred Nightingale and
Fruit Woluk of lost ycur‘s class
droppcd in on (lmnmu Kup.

Gamma Knp cclobrutcd its twcn-
ty-l'll'th reunion and tho twenty—[lilo
nnnivcrsnry of its honscmothcr, Miss
Juno Agar, on Saturday, October 15.
Muny alums Worc prosan at. l
lunchcon ul. tho Ilotol Wolllngton
nnd ut. tho too which wns con-
ductod lntor ut tho honso. Miss
Agur wus prosontcd with a platinum
pin and u scrapbook of clippings
dating from 1013.

Stclln Humpson und l"lorcnco Ncl-
huoh. '1lllcru, woro \vrckcnd nucsts
nl. l’si (innnnn whilo llclon Murphy
und Viruinlu l.oncks of tho clnss of
'37 roconlly vlsitcd Ihoro.

llil. snid llt‘llU lo Kuy Conklin,
(Eurolyn ltldwnrds, lt‘llzuboth Kclso,
und ltumonu Vunch, all of lust
ycur’s cluss, und Kl) did tho sunn-
by Kitty Jumbo. '37, Betty Mor—
row, ‘37, I.uVonnu Kolsoy, '35, um]
Murlorlo Grist, '38, has boon spcnd~
lug tho wook at the house.

Dciln Omega saw u nnmbcr of
nlums return to tho fold lust Work-
and for tho I"ollndor's Day ton,
min-king tho l‘orty-clghth unnivor-
sury of tho sorority. Among those
proscnt woro lilthcl Littlo, Alice Holt,
Irmu Andcrson, Elizabeth Appoi»
doorn, und Mnrthn Gouger, class of

'38, and Josephine Holt Stuart, '33.

'who

 

 

State ’8 Stage

Praise
Premiere

Performances
PLAYGOER

 

 

 

 

Advanced dramatics can look for-
ward to an auspicious year if their
ﬁrst presentations are any indica-
tion of what is to come. The two
offerings, while not hits in the ordi-
nary sense of the word, were thor-
oughly adequate. The one outstand-
ing feature of the night was, to this
reviewer, the technical perfection of
the plays. A revolver, of course, will
fall apart at the most unforunate
moments, but that doesn’t detract
from the general technical improve-
ment.

It did seem that the interval be-
tween plays might be shortened con-
siderably, but we’ll chalk that up to
the inexperience of the stage crew.
The new amber lights, replacing
those glaring foots of the past, were
a treat for these eyes. Makeup ac-
tually looked realistic. rather then
washed out.

The first play, Miss Wilson’s pro-
duction, was a well-acted and well-
dlrccted bit of diversion, Miss De-
Cotls held her character, with but
a few lapses, through the gamut of
emotion she was required to ex-
press—from the imperious, cold
Widow, to the unstrung matron who
finds herself in love.

Mr. Weiss. starting out a bit un-
sure of himself, was too harsh in
the early moments of the play, but
rose to the occasion to turn in a
convincing performance. Mr. Withcy
was a thoroughly frightened serv-

‘ant.

Miss Brown's play gave us the act-
ing gem of the evening. Mr. Bo-
gosta's portrayal of the blind
grandfather was moving and vig—
orous, yet restrained and keycd to
the play.

His support suffered by the con—
trast, though most of the roles were
fairly well done. The three girls ex-
hibited a grnco and fluidity of movc-
man which was a pleasure to watch.
A word of caution: Don't. ovcrdo tho
posturing with tho hands—it inukcs
for stillness. Mr. Case had a few
good moments, notably his conver-
sntion through the door with tho
servant. Mr. Mnnso, in it part call-
ing for clmractcr, was. unfortunate—
1y, Mr. Mnnmr~cvcn to his socks.

As a \vholo. the effort was not
wustcd. if Iho rest; of the plays can
do no moro Ihnn avoid falling bo-
hind tho murk sot by thcsc two, lho
season will bo successful.

 

Statesman

 

Oh to be in Scotland, now that
my big clnuicc has come! lnvilod
by big-shots to gncst-wrlto in tho
[)lllt'i‘ of tho pridc boutcn Slntcs—
mun this wcck, f quail at my mis-
slon.

Senior sccrot: Word hus slipped
out. that tho scnlor class, 1939 by
nnmbcr, is conducting tho annual
Senior Hop ()llc wock from today.
Up until tho tllllo of writing. the
sonlors had done cxtromciy Wcll in
conccnllng the facts surrounding thc
nil'ulr.

ldko my cuphulstlc prodocossor,
roturns noxt wcok, i would
gluncc ut signs in tho hulls. I notlco,
in purticulur, u pccnllur spoiling of
tho Word "commission" In l'lustcd
hull, Also my cyo has caught that
notlco hondod "Forum of l’ulillcn."
l’hoocy; what u nnmci

I wouldn‘t mcnllon nnmos, but l'd
Illio to toll you n story tlmt n ccrlnln
sonior lold inc. Stundlng lll lho
buck of llu- umlllorlum lho night. of
Advuncod lJrnmutics pluys, ho was
convorslnu with n l‘roslnnun wonicn
\vhcn nn uppcr-clusswonion smiicd
up to \vhcro tin-y wcro stuudhni.
Hnld tho ircsllulrl, "Yoll'ro into. it's.
can." (iuupl'd tho soror, "llut~but
l wmmt snpposod to moot yoni", Itc-
pllcd tho grccngnl. “You suld oh."
Dirty . . . but. whnddu yn oxpcctt’

()rodlt pretty Marlon l)ull‘y with
tho lmpclus for u now t'ud. Jocks
in the commons, with such dovolcos
us 'l‘nbncr, liosloy. .luck liyun,
Sprnguc, Uomnurk, li‘rumcnt, Mur-
phy, Husor and u rcol slew of studcs.
“'I‘hroo-slos with you lcl‘t hund.
nowl" Whoops!

THE MAN OF STATE

  
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 28, 1938

 

 

 

    

 
  

  

  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
    
     
    
    
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
  
  

 

  
  
 
  
  

 

    
  

Senior bucked for Knocking bucking:

resorted loo hequcnll to ducking
anllm tried to slept cm. Result:
Collegiate Digest Photo by Neil"

When Santa Barbara State College sophomores
mlnmen in the campus pool, Senior DOW“!
Tuwhlii went Ill.

   
    
    
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
 
 
 
 
      
  
 
 
   
    
     
 
  
   
       
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
 

     

     
   
  
  
  

“There's A Hot Time in the Old Town

l’dmma “my. lll\‘\llll\‘) .,.z.,

She's .Ml'tln' the Slutletcn’a  7

ten to mile om: shells“)! in ldelmnod when Hellen'en all. around um
rill». menollv acquaith

2mm“: 0mm Photo by Kan

  
  
 
 

tun-r) llx'ln‘ A. .i pntu'v ml .1 w. (ill Lulu, lll‘illt .H l‘..l\. ti..,,,v,.(
\W'mlt ids. llc) Ill. lmm...

Leno.» Unlvmllv at

D ' i "
9°” 'll'lncli alleleio "m. "m °' '.

n in “II. “IMO!!!
= ‘ 'a‘wd  d

   

)lll..vllrnli «in i’.

  

 

 

