 

l
E
i
I

 

 

Page .1

S'l‘ATlL' (J(.)l.l.li(ilzi‘. VIEWS, MAY l

9. 1038

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS}

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

Board representing the Student. Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith,

3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postoffice

 

IIPIIBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

NaiIonalAdvertIsmgSemce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative-

420 MADISON AVE. New YORK, N. Y.

CHICAGO - BOSTON - L05 ANGELEB - SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

SOPHIE Wouzmc   ..  Editor-in-Chiel
DAVID B. SMITH .... ..  . ............ .. Managing Editor
ROBERT E. HsnTWIc , Associate Managing Editor
EDGAR B. O'Hom  Associate Managing Editor
JEAN Srnoxo .   . .. Associate Managing Editor
MILDRED E. NIGIITINOALE  Business Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLORD .. Advertising Manager
VICTORIA A. BILZI   Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

William Ryan ....... .. ........Men's Sports Editor
Charles Franklin ....Assistant Sports Editor
Betty Clark Women's Sports Editor

Sophomore Desk Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwald Otto J. Howe
Leonard Kowalsky David Minsberg Sally Young

Associate Editors
Ramona Van Wie Albert Architzel Joyce Maycock
Charles Ettinger Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ............. ..Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager ...................... ..Joan Byron

Business Staff
Doris Parizot, Marcia Brown, Kenneth Haser, Harold
Haynes, Robert Cogger, John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavi, Harriet Sprague
Reporters

Betty Bunce, Giacinta Capuana, Margaret Collins,
Virginia Elson, Eloise Hartmann, Charles Kelly,
Hilda Kronovlt, Edmore Melanson, Thelma Miller,
Bernice Mosbey, Arthur Phibbs, Louis Rickman, Elga
Schiavi, George Stangler, Barbara Van Patten,

This Is Where We Came In

Pardon us while we go sentimental, but
“the hour of parting has come,” and the
1938 NEWS board bows out. We do this
with no smug satisfaction, because we feel
that our efforts have been inadequate, but
they have been sincere. If we have not
scooped every important event in State life,
we have at least attempted not to ignore
them.

We want to congratulate the still anony-
mous NI-zws board of 1939. We have no
lack of confidence in thei I as yet unformed
policies. To them we bequeath a year of
hard work, and its reward. Certain it is
that they will not find student opinion un-
animously in accord with their views, but
we wish them a year of thought-provoking
journalism, and its corresponding progress.

The thrill of the climb l'rom cub to rc—
portcr to staff, and finally to the board
seems a little remote to us in our fast-fading
seniority, and yet we hope that it is as
fresh and sharp as the smell of printer's ink
to the incoming staff and its successors. We
give them a tradition, and a sincerely meant
“Good luck i”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stunted Stunts

Stunts arc always repetitious.

Stunt director, rend ubovc and tukc
hccd. it this is a false impression that \\'c
llthU acquired, crudicutc it torus. llc orig-
inulw-Statc's pulutcs cruvc some food bc-
sidcs hush. Wc’d likc lo soc and have our
purcnls soc worlhwhih- stunts.

in the past, it Sl'l'lllh’ lin- sonior uud ,iun-
lol‘ clusscs thc bccn loo willing.r to scrvc un-
rchcorscd, ad libbcd trash as stunts. 'l‘hcir
claim is that it mcuns nothingr to them-~—
thcy are working for no prize. Do artists
ever need any other incentive cxccpt public
ucclaim'Z, We believe not —~ so lot's, just
this once, be artistic.

You may havo to Work all night tonight
on those stunts—but mukc thorn good. Al-
ready we have lost too much hair, il' we
pull out any more tomorrow, we shall be
bald and-«this fate is in your hand.

 

 

Farewells - - - Advice

 

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

This week marks the arrival of one of the long-
awaited, outstanding events of our school year—
Moving-up Day. This day has both happy and sad
connotations for us; we are proud to be moving to a
higher place in our school, theoretically at least, but
we are sad to see our loyal, kindly advisors and friends,
the seniors, depart from their accustomed place in the
scheme of things in the college; they will no longer
be a closely integrated group, a class bound to college
by the desire for learning and by the many friendly
relationships built up through four happy years—but
instead, the alumni of N. Y. S. C. T.

When we think how soon the time will come for
us to leave State, let us try our best to get the fullest
benefit from the short time remaining to us, that
there may be a mutual sadness, intermingled with the
pride we feel as sons and daughters of N. Y. S. C. T..
when we leave as a class, to return in the future as
individuals.

On this Moving-up Day, let us realize how much
State really means to us, appreciate it with sincerely,
make and keep our friends now, that in the future we
may regard these four years with pleasure as we turn
the leaves in our album of memories.

 

I It I II

We know that a lot has been said about the
Election Commission and its work, but We feel that We
may venture a word or two. We do favor the Election
Commission, on the whole, and think that a return to
another, perhaps a former, system might not be true
progress—everyone naturally wants to see and hear
the person for whom they are voting, since it would
be impossible for everyone to know all the candidates.
With this system, which limits all propaganda and
campaign speeches, although it hasn't yet touched on
“dirty politics," we feel that a step forward has been
taken. However, the administratlon of this commis-
sion, due to its newness and inexperience, is still rather
ineffective. The goal is in sight, but it‘s a hard road to
travel, due to certain difficulties which time and ex-
perience may eradicate, The election commission is
doing its best, it needs time to improve and adjust
itself to our political situation, so let's cooperate!

Book of the Wee/e:
Pulitzer Play of Americanism

"Our Town," by Thornton Wilder, Coward McCann,
1.10., New York, 1938.

(On sale in the co-opl

This Pulitzer Prize play is one of the few plays
that is better read than seen because the character
of the Stage Manager, who has so vital if part in the
proceedings, is more likable on the page than he would
be in a stage production because in acting less explan-
ation 01' action is needed.

We like the old Chinese idea of a Stage Manager
that walks about through the entire production and
explains the action 01' characters. We like to read
about tllc thcatrc with a bare stage as readers do not
feel cheated of anything because we have to visualize
thc sctllng anyhow. As thcatrc-gocrs, we would be a
bit inccnscd about this because We would not fch that
wc wcrc cxpcctcd to set up the sccncs in our mind's
I'yc -tllls job belongs to the producers. Our money, we
fccl, would have been wasted us it would have been
chcnpcr to rcnl thc book.

’l‘hc plny is :1 story of /\llll'l'l('ll of. tho bcndIng inlo
tho ccnlury th-n tllc old IdI-uls of lnu'd work. pros-
pI-rily, uud hnnily i'I'iI-ndships wcrc iIII'Iolublc. 'l‘hc
(llbbs and tho chbs livc in llnl Ncw England 1rudl~
lion of ('lll‘l'l') III-Ighborncs.~.. 'l‘hcir childrcn grow up
lochhI-r nlul bI-lwI-cn thcm pu'ows n puppy lovc llllllll'
poucrlnl ill 11:. (lrnnmlic pcrlI-cllon 'l'hc :u'cIu' lll lln~
drug slorc lms nlrI-ndv bccoluc un AIIu-I'Icnn folk lulc
:Illhough I-nuclcd for lhc first llnu- :1 low :.ll()l‘l months
111.10.

A lu-uuly of tho play is lhul llH' minor churuclcrs
whom wc lll‘l‘ Inlcrcslcd in but who urc not (-sm-Iulul
lo lllf' story lll'l‘ dropple us soon as llu'y hnvc lullllh-d
lhcu' purposc. llowcrcr, lhcy urc nol compll-h-ly lor-
,volh~n bccnusc lhc Show Muuugcr mublI-s out gI-nlully
uud n-lls \vhut flnully huppI-ns lo Ihcm. '

'l‘hc \vI-Ilvling sccnc in ii lI'uc plclurc ol cmollons m.
IlII-y would hnvc bccn in lhoso duys. 'l‘hc chlldrcn,
hurlng culIIIlIlol.cd thc puppy Ich ul'lulr in Iunrrmgc.
uI'c ut thc ago when such doubts might crccp in for u
short spncc of lime and thou be quickly disbuudcd by
thc optiIIIlsm that youth was supposed to possess
during that cru. 'l'hc fact that thc couple pinnich to
settle down as farmers show the different ideas ol‘
youth than as compared with those of the modern
youngsters. ’I‘hcir suprcmc confidence in the future is
in itself a contrast with the thoughts that youth pos-
scss as he faces his outlook today,

Students, Faculty Will Present

Commencement week next month
will offer something novel in the
way of entertainment when the var-
ious faculty members of the English,
Latin and Physical Education de-
partments will co-operate with stu-
dents to produce the Greek drama,
Electra by Euripides. The first
venture of its kind. the drama will
be presented on Friday, June 17, and
Saturday, June 18, in the Woods
Richardson amphitl’Ieatre situated
behind the Alumni Residence hall.

 

Personal
Viewpoints

IN MEMORIAM

Tomorrow a friend passes on
into the unknown; from a world
of friends and fun she goes on
into an abyss of doubt and dis-
may. For a brief span of years
she grew and flourished from a
naive and ignorant person to
one of leadership and intelli-
gence. She has absorbed doubts
and made them into a source
of knowledge. Fun has been her
aim and work her bypath—and
accomplishment the result.

We do not say that our
mutual friend has accomplished
all her aims but she has accom-
plished many important works
and assimilated many ideas.

She was always ready to sit in
at bull sessions. Her philosophy
was set at first, but soon grew to
the doubting one of a keen mind.
She worked hard at school activ—
ities and became popular
through her friendliness, It is
too bad that she has to die, she
is so young and yet she has an
incurable disease. It is a mercy
killing that we dispatch with her
tomorrow and do not allow her
to pursue longer her ramblings
in a small sphere. She belongs in
a greater world and in such will
accomplish much.

And now she dies—we are
sorry, we were friends, we had
fun. We salute you—class of '38,
long will your memory live. You
pass on unfinished tasks to the
undergraduates and they hope to
occupy your shoes.

EGO

Morelantﬂmces
Junior Guides For ’42

(Continued from page 1, column J)
'40, and Barbara Force, '41; Louise
Hessney, '40, Alice Bartlow, ‘40, and
Shirley Van Valkcnburgh, '41; Mar—
ian Kingsley, '40, chairman, Mary
Elizabeth Pnsko, '40, and Lydia Bond,
'41; Esther Lane, '40, chairman.
Hclcn Blake, '40, and Alma Knowles,
'41; Florence Przyborowska, '40,
chairman, Frances Field, ’40, and
Lona Powell, '41; Jane Wilson, '40,
chulrman, Lorraine Smith, '40, and
Bcalricc Dowcr, '41; Elinor Pratt,
‘40, chairman, Ruth Santway, ’40,
and Virginia Davis, '41; Lorraine
Thcurcr, '40, chairman, Grace Cullen,
'40, and Adclc Ronan, '41; Marion
Walker, '40, chairnmn, Elga Schlavi,
‘40, um! Jcnn Murray, ’41; Fay
Schccr, '40, chairman, Sally Young,
510, uud Roscnmry McCarthy, ’41.}

Tim tWL‘h'c Incn commiltccs which
have been sclcclcd m'c:

Lorry Bolog, '40, chulrmnn, (lordon
l’cullic, ‘40, and John l'lnkny. ‘41;
Robcrt Sluvvns, ‘41),clmirnmn, Jumcs
(Quinn, '40, and liol) llcrtcl, ‘41;
ltoswoll li‘ull'hunks, '40. chairman,
Hob ("om-r. '10, uud (‘vrll Kill), 311;
Wnllcr lhn'pcr, ‘40. l‘llllll'lllllll, Kcn
lluscr, “10, and Willlum llullcr, 'tll;
.luck Hyun, '40, I'lmirnmn, lhu'win
Vnn Kcurnn, '40, and SlunlI-y Smith.
'41; Lloyd Kelly. "10. WIlll’ord
'l‘honms, "10, and HlI-I'I-u llull. '-ll;
Hob Mnrlm. '40, clmirnmn, Dick
lloolcy, '40, nod Arnold l‘lllcrln '41;
.lm- MI-Kcon, '40. clmlrnnnl. I'irnnk
Kluuc, "10, and ltoy McCrcm'y, 'Ill;
'l‘lIcI-on l’owI-ll. ‘40, chuirmun. John
Wnsllcwskl, '-l0, and chvc Kusuk,
"ll; Wullcr Smunons '40, chun'nuln
SIunlI-y Kullmun, '40, Dcllio Mun-y
cuso, '41; Stewart Smith, '40, chair-

.lumcs Chuppcll, '41; Max Sykes, '40,
ltogcr Moran, '40, uud Bill Brophy;
Al Wciss, '40. John Ncwsteud, '40
and William Cameron, '41. I
Committee to revise the Junior—
Sophomore Handbook: Ruth Don-
nclly, '40, chalrnuni, Doris Shultcs,

 

:40, assistant chairman, and Janet
lhomas, '40, assistant chairman.

mun. Edward 'l'omuslun. '40, and i

“Electra” Commencement Week

The principals of the cast will be
Miss Marjorie Wheaton, personnel
assistant, and Hugh Norton, of the
class of '36. The supporting players
have been chosen from those stu-
dents who have displayed outstand—
ing ability in dramatlcs, They in—
clude the following: Thomas Kelly.
38, as the Old Man; Frank Harde-
mcyer ‘36, as the Peasant; William
Bradt, ’38, as Castor; Kenneth Do-
ran, '39, as Messenger; and Ruth
Sinovoy, ‘39, as Clytemni.

Combining the dance and the
drama, this is the first public per-
formance at State college in which
choral reading will have a promin-
ent part. The work is inter-
pretive dancing is under the di-
rection of Miss Margaret Hitchcock,
instructor in physical education;
while Miss Agnes Futterer, assistant
professor of English, is responsible
for the adaptation of the songs of
the chorus l'or choral reading.

Under the direction of Miss Edith
Wallace, assistant professor in Latin,
who is general chairman of the pro-
duction, the various members of the
faculty will combine their efforts.
Miss Futtcrer, Mr. William G. Hardy
and Mr. William Wood, instructors
in English, will supervise the acting
and directing. Miss Marion Chcse-
brough, instructor in Latin, and Miss
Martin of Milne High, will have
charge of costumes: while Miss
Hitchcock will direct the dancing.
Student committees will aid the
faculty directors.

Should the Greek gods decree rain
on the day of the presentation, the
production will be staged in the
auditorium of Page hall.

 

Statesman

 

 

 

This week we're a day earlier but
still terrible (as usual). Time and
tide wait for no man but the News
has to move ahead to make way for
that time of times, that day of days,
Moving-up Day. Tomorrow is the
day when all those people who have
been interested in politics and other
infamous activities take over or will
be taken over. Before We leave this
subject of Moving-up dare we to in-
quire if the Night-Beforc-Moving-
Up-Day-Club is still functioning?

Reports coming down from St.
Rose say that none other than our
own “Curly” Quinn was the bellc of
the ball. New shoes are slippery, too.

We hcar that Clem has been
Wolffing again. This time he's
picking 'cm Young. We approve as
long as they stay in the movies.

Phi Dclt had a famous caller last
week. You guessed it—our own
Rocking Chair Wobble. We hear
that Bosley will be in that vicinity
this week.

I Who are the two juniors who pcr—
sIst in playing tag in front of thc
dean's office?

We'll be back next \Vcck with lhc
lowdown on Movin—up Day, but thcrc
urc only two more wccks of pcck-n-
booing bci'orc finals,

THE MAN OI" S’I‘A’l‘la‘

Movmg-up Day Ceremony

Contams Many Events
It'on/iumd from [my/(z 1, column It
nnd llll' I‘ldwnrd lu‘ldrcd Pollcr club
:Iwurd for llll' mun who has dour
llu~ most for Slnlc collcuc. AlIcI
lhls prcsmnullon, llll' scnlor l'lllrr
will sing lhc lrudnionnl InrcwI-Il
song, "Wc, '33, Hululc You."

Nos! will ho llu- ucluol moving—up
ol l'llth'H llll(l('l' lln' (llrn-cllon of
l'lildchrundl, ’l‘hcn \I'Ill conu lhc
lrudllionul "nipping" oi Myskunm,
sclllol‘ lIoIIoI'uI'y socicly

Mysknum will llll‘ll unnouncc
rcsnlls of Hill followiqu clccllons
sludcnl unsocmllon. scnlor claw»
,lllllllll' class, sophomorc clubs.
Womcn's Alhlcln- ussocnulon, Youm:
Womcu's (.lhrintiun ussocml lon. Mllmll'
council, Drunmlics und Art.» l‘Ullln'll
illl(ivllll‘ News board upponumcnls

Alil'l‘ lhc llllllulllll't‘llll‘llib, Myn~
kuluu will lt'illl llIc I'cccssiouul, llll‘
clusscs will form lhcir numerals and
lhc plunling ol ivy by lhc scluors
will collcllltlc lhc morning‘s :Ictiv-
llcn.

The afternoon program, III-gluing
at 2:00 o‘clock, will fcuturc lhc class
stunts. In the cvcniug lhcrc will
be the traditional stop sing at 7:30
o'clock followed by lhc rcccssionul
with "Grout Fires."

. Bob Reid and his orchestra will
furnish music for dancing in the

 

Commons during the owning.

STATE con.an NEWS, MAY 19, 1933

Page 3

 

 

 

The ,
Pitcher’s

 

W. D. R.

We have a new president . . _ both .
George and Duke have been faithful
representatives of the Class of '39

 

 

on M. A. A. Council for the past two 1 T" “WING Athletics
 And Inductions
both assisted past president John I _.____

years . . . during the past year . .

Joseph O'Brien Inost efficiently,

Duke served as general chairman
of the Barn Dance conducted in col-
laboration with W. A, A. . . . which,
by the way, was a tremendous suc-
cess . . .

With George as general chairman
of the M. A. A, Banquet last Tuesday
night, the men of State enjoyed a
typical men‘s banquet , . . once again
success accompanied an M. A, A,
affair. . .

Both men have again _ , , for the
third consecutive year . . . been se-

lected to represent the Class of '391

on Men's Athletic Council . . . we
congratulate them for this honor...
Last fall upon the suggestion of

President O‘Brien . . , Men‘s Athletic ‘

Council created an Intramural
Council , , . Pat Miranda was chosen
to serve as president of this council
with Joe Bosley and Bernard Gaff—
ney assisting him as junior aides. .,

Pat has done a wonderful job at
the helm . . . Intramural sports have
taken a decided 1cap to the fore-
ground . , . and so . . , we now ask
that our new president continuc the
work which Men's Athletic Council
deemed so necessary , . .
that Miranda's efforts will not have
been in vain

An open letter:

To Larry Strattner:

Men's Athletic Council, in selecting 1

you as president of Intramural
Council for next year, has conferred
upon you a most honorary position,
and yet at the same time a most
responsible one. . .

For several reasons you have been
selected to draw up, to carry out.
and to see that it is effective, on
Intramural sports program for
1938-39 . . .

There are approximately 350 men
to whom you will be responsible next

year . , , these men want action, they I

want to participate in sports, and
they want you to work on a means
to this end for them . . . there will
be eight representatives on Men's
Athletic Council next year: one man
representing the entire student asso-
ciation, two men representing each
of the three upper classes, and one

man representing the freshmen . . .‘

since these 350-odd mcn come from
all four classes, you are within your
rights in seeking out any on:- of thc
eight men on the Council and (le-
manding action by them , . ,

The rcprcscntalivcs on Men's Ath-
letic Council arc rcprcscnting their
classes; they urc on the council to
insure for tho Incmbcrs of thcir rc-
spcctivc clusscs lhc rights to which
thosc mcmhcrs urc cnlillcd . , ,

Conscqucnlly, us lhcy I'cprcscnl
the pcoplc who full uutmnnticully
undcr your churgc, plcusc usc hit'll'};
Athlclic Council us the Incnns to
your cud for you urc thc muons to
our cud . . .

I congrululauo you on bchull' of
Men‘s Alhlclic Association for your
uppoiulnu-Iu , , . bnl, I'cmcmbcr l'ul
Mll’lllldil has girl-n us much, and
so incvitnhly pi-rhnps wI- (lo I-x-
pch much. from non , _ ,

Most sinccrcly.
llIll llyalu

Seniors and Graduates

Receive New POSItIons
The following nddulonul scniors
uud gruduulc sludcnls llll\'(' rcccntly
l'l‘l'.(‘l\'l'(l tcuclllllg positions: Kathryn
Carlson, '30, library of Collins ()cnlcr;
Hcrlllt'c Cilhhlti)‘, 'lltl, uranh' school nt
Ciunbrldgc; Louis AlIJl'l', '30, hlslory
and mathematics at Bernc Knox
Ccnlrul school; MnI‘Iorio .lohson, '30,
comcrcc nl l'urlshvillc; lf‘ruuccs
Woluk, '33, social studies, English
and library In Potsdam high school.
Ellzubclh Davis, '30, Lutln ut El~
mlru Heights; Elsie Tompkins, ’37,
commcrcc at Saugcrtlcs; John Love—
lace, ‘36, principalship at Honeoye
high school; Genevich Shorey, '34,
junior high school English at
Corinth; Evelyn Stnchlc, '34, com—
mcrcc at Rye Neck-Maniaroncck;
Evelyn Lowenberg, '33, librarianship
at Potsdam high school; Monica A.

Box l, Spring Awards Banquet
l
l

i M A. A. Closes Activities l

With Sue

cessfuléicrnquet ‘

 

Final W. A. A. Event

Weekend at Camp Johnston

Women's Athletic association's;
Spring Awards Banquet, the final
‘cvcnt of the 1937-38 program, will
,be conducted Saturday afternoon at
lCamp Johnston as a part of Moving-
iup day weekend. Marie Metz, '40,
general chairman of the whole week-
lcnd is also chairman of the banquet.
She will be assisted by Lillian Hines,
,‘39, chairman of the food committee,
fund Frances Rianl, '41, chairman of
‘Ihc guest committee,

 

The moon planned for the banquet

President O’Brien Distributes
Letters and Awards
To Participants

Under the able toastmastcrship of
Paul Dittman the crowd which turn-
cd out for M. A. A.’s annual awards
benquet was conducted through an
evening which was both educational
and commendational.

The education was supplied by no
greater personages than Dr. A.
Brubacher, president of the college,
and Ellis H, Champlain, head of the
Bureau of Physical Education of.
New York State.

Pledging his suport to the intra-
mural and total athletic program,
Dr. Brubachcr injected into the
spirit of the banquet the feeling that
our president was with us all the
way.

Ellis H. Champlain, the featured
speaker of the evening, described the
athletic program in its true place as
an integral part of the health edu—
cation of the state,

 

includes: potato chips, cold cuts,

.alc. The faculty members who have
‘bccn invited to be the guests of the
association at the banquet are Dr.
'nnd Mrs. Brubachcr, Dean Morelancl,
Miss 13017., Dr, Green, Miss Hitch—
lcock, Miss Johnston, Miss Kirk-
lpntrick, Miss Lester, Miss Morris,
Miss Perine, and Mr. and Mrs.
Ticsen.

 

l

Immediately following the ban-
quct, the athletic awards for the year

in 0rd“- ,will be presented by President Thel-I

Ina Miller, ’38, The recent adoption
of a new system of awards makes
,thls year a period of transition from
llhe old system to the new one.
Under the new plan, there would be
no award except for persons who
ihave completed the requirements of
participation, sportsmanship and
effort in four sports each year for
three years.

 

1 After the presentation of awards,
lthc present Council of the associa-
ltion will conduct installation cere-
Imonies for the incoming Council,
which is composed of president,
members of Honor Council, vice-
president, treasurer, secretary, rc-
lporlcr, office manager, songleader,
'and class representatives and man-
:agcrs.

‘ A, A. members who attend the
banquet are invited to bring their
jwcckcnd guests with them. A pro—
gram of informal sports—including
badminton, hiking, swimming and
sunbathing—has been planned to
tukc place before and after the ban-
quct, The event of the evening will
bc u bonfire and sing.

 

Commendation, in the form of

potato salad, rolls, cake, and ginger—inwards, was meted out by Obie

iO‘Bricn, in the absence of Coach
‘Hatfield, who was unable, through
illness, to be present. These awards
included:

. Varsity letters in basketball: Ryan,
Amyot, Barrett, Balog, Frament,

Hershkowitz, Hurd, Lehman, Sim-
. mons, Torrens and Walko. An addi-
3tional letter was presented to Mal-
linson as manager of the team,

Varsity letters in cross-country,

iHaynes, Francello, Rickman, Russ,
,Wilszynski and De Russo.
Frosh numerals for basketball:
iBakay, Danilewicz, Day, Haller, Mac-
lCreary, Noona, Oksala, Quinn, Sad-
’ dlemire, Yatsenik.

Keys to the president of intra-
mural council, eranda; to the man-
ager of frosh basketball, Spence.

Obie also announced the officers
for next year:

Captain of basketball——Hershko-
wltz,

Captain of Cross Country#Wil-
czynski.

Manager of Frosh basketball—Me-
lanson.

Manager of Cross Country—W.l-
czynski.

President of Intramural Council—-
,Struttner.
| Members—Quinn, De Ncef, Kluge,
Bucci, and Brophy.

Special awards were also presented
by Stanley Smith, as president of
the freshman class, and D. V. Smith,
representing the men of State.

Stan's awards were keys to the two
men who coached the frosh basket-
ballers in the past season—Walko,
, Amyot and the manager, Spence.

i Dr. Smith presented Dr. Dorwaldt
with a watch in token of the esteem
.wilh which the athletes of the col-
;lcgo hold the services of the man
who has done so much for athletics.

 

 

Ily [Prank Rickman

With lhc end of the school spring
n-rm in sight M. A. A. and Intra—
qurul Council, lcd by Johnny
O‘Bricn uud Pm, Miranda respective-
ly. cuds [he most succcssl'ul intra—
Imn'nl program that mcn huvc cvcr
llnd at State.

'l‘hnl it is n wry l'lnc schcdulc
,Is nol Ihc only lnclor in tho success
lot Ilu» progrnm, According to lhc

 

:I'I-cords of lllI' mnnngcrs ol' lllc vur-,

lIous sports, ovcr 70'; of llu- Incn
lllnl'llcllnllod 1n oln' sporl or unolhcr
,nnd ovcr 47‘; purliciputcd in cvcry
islllll'l lhnl M. A, A, prcscnlI-d.

Also, M. A. A. introduced a new
syslcm ol' intrumurnl compctilion.
lnstczul of thc four clnsscs compcling
with l‘ilf‘ll olhcr in lhc nmjor sports,
lmskclhnll nlid huschnll, they had
lhc Vill'lolls group houscs, six in
numbcr. uud scI'I-I'ul tcums comv
|)I)>.l'(l ol cupilul district connnutcrs
compclc with cuch olhcr.

'I‘hus, givvn u chance to pluy, thc
Incn cumc out in full force for the
basketball lournmncnt under Ihc
cnpnblc munugcnicnt of Pat Mir-
undu, ’l‘hc victors 01' that tourna-
mcnt were the so~cnllcd Albany No,
Ono's or the Albany Uppers. How-
ever, in the play-offs College House
won the champkmship.

Starting sevoral weeks later, the
State College Intramural Bowling
League got under way with ten
teams finishing the season out. This

Monuat, graduate, grade school at is the first time that bowling had

Beaver Falls.

 

been taken up at State and its recep-

M.A.A. and Intramural Council

Close Most Successful Season

©...,-.,,

lion by the boys made it the success
it lurncd out to bc.

Collcgc House came out on top,
but ngzun us occurred in the basket—
ball lcuguc, the championship went
to lllc Cil'uds who successfully de-
fcnlcd Sigma Lambda Sigma, Avalon
hull and College House, to run their
winning streak to eleven straight
{gilllll‘bﬁ

Al Ihc prcscnt time, under the
sump syslcm of group rivulry, the
spring sollbnll lcnguo is well on its
:wny lo succcss under the capable
llt'lltlt'l'bllll) of Jon Boslcy.

During the full scnson such suc-
ccssi'ul lournmncnts as tennis, ping-
pong, golf, and boxing were run off.
’l‘llcy luul their counll-rpurt in the
spring tournumcnts of tennis, golf,
lIorscslIocs, uud ping-pong.

In conjunction with W. A. A,
M. A. A. cntcrtuincd the entire col-
lcgc in a social and athletic sports
night which climaxcd several indoor
sports tournaments such as boxing,
lJfltilllllltOll, volley ball, and fencing.

Yes, M. A. A, has set up an en—
viable record for future M. A. A.’s
to look up to and better, In addi-
tion to the administration heads of
M. A. A. and Intramural council,
recognition should be given to those
men who aided in working hard to
make the winter and spring sports
programs a success. They are: Joe
Bosley, Bernard Gaffney, juniors;

 

 

Spring Season
Camp
Telegrams

Tournament

 

 

B. C.
(That wasn’t alliteratlve—ha ha)
Lovely time at camp last weekend
—hmmmm? . . . rain, rain, rain . . .
dripping down the chimney, drizz-
ling into the bunkroom, seeping
through the front door where the

R. woodchuck had sharpened his teeth,

oozing through the wet cement step
at the back porch , . . ah, rain! . . .
random snaps at camp . . . Rianl,
Elson and Palmer lugging three pails
full of sand up the hill from the
creek . . . swimming in the creek . . .
hikers getting lost in the vicinity of
East Chatham and having to walk
five miles more than the prescribed
ten . , , Riani tearing her hair when
she found she had used the inven-
tory before last, and that there
wasn’t half enough food . , . horror
at the sight of the clear little wasps
creeping slyly from their hovels
under the porch roof , , . the would-
be masons mixing cement by hand,
and praying it wouldn’t stick to the
afore-mentioned paddles forever . . .
We're crossing our fingers and
hoping it won't rain for Moving-up
day weekend, and that there will be
just as Inuch fun as last time. . . .

State Squad Bows
To Hartwick, 8-2

Purple and Gold Out to Snip
Three Game Losing Spree
At Hartwick, Saturday

 

Sliding about in a sea of mud that
was faintly reminiscent of a water-
polo game, State nine dropped their
game to Hartwick by a score of 8 to
2 last Friday. It was a nasty day
for a game, part of the game being
played in a light drizzle, but the
Hartwick boys didn’t seem to mind
and turned nine hits and two State
errors into eight runs.

Van Keuran pitched a fine game
for State but the hitting was weak
and generally untimely, Burke pitch-
ing for Hartwick limited State to
five hits among which were triples
by Fairbanks and Quattrochi. Mar-
tucello paced the winners attack with
a home run and a double. The
round tripper, however, should have
been an easy out.

State will meet Hartwick again
Saturday at Oneonta and Pratt at
home on May 2'7.

The box score of the Hartwick
game:

 

Varsity Nelmen

To Meet Hartwick
0n 0neonta Court

State is Favorite to Win;
Frament No. One Man
in Ladder Tourney

With their high hopes being shat-
tered by 01’ man weather who called
the signals of rain in the home
game against Hartwick last Friday,
the Purple and Gold racqueteers will
journey down state to meet Hart-
wick Saturday, hoping to jump into
the win column again.

Tuesday’s match with the Engi-
neers from Troy was called off
because of the M. A. A, banquet con-
ducted that night. The match will
be played later on in the season.

The respite has stood the boys in
fine stead, as is shown by their im-
proved play during practice sessions.
Coupled with this, the statesmen
will meet Hartwick with the odds
in our favor.

The boys have their fingers cross-
ed, praying for sunny weather. In
the past three years the matches
with Hartwick have can cancelled
because of rainy If other or wet
grounds.

In the meantime the "ladder"
tournament has one match played.
At this writing, Will Frament, ’40,
by virtue of a 6-3, 6-1 win over
Captain Cahn, becomes State’s num-
ber one man in tennis. Thus far the
men of State have shown little in-
terest in challenging members of the
varsity. Captain Cahn is still hold-
ing out the offer to tennis-minded
men to capture varsity berths. Mem-
bers of the varsity tennis team are
as follows: Harold Cahn, captain,
Willard Frament, Gordon Rand, Ed
Tomasian, Stan Smith, Cyril Kilb,
and Ken Doran.

 

Intramural Softball
Opens Spring Season

With the bowling season over, the
attention of the men now turns to
the Intramural Softball League
which opened its initial game two
weeks ago with Avalon hall taking
its first win of the season, 12—11, in
an extra—inning pitchers’ duel
against College House.

Monday, Kappa Delta Rho tapped
Spencer—Potter club by a 16-10 score,
thereby placing Avalon hall in the
first place division. On Tuesday,
College House cntered the winning
column for the first time, beating
Schenectady-Troy, 19-17.

Avalon hall scored their second
straight win against Albany by a
basketball score of 24—4 while at the
some lime K. D. R. beat Kappa Beta
by a 20—6 score for their second.

 Classes To Assemble
Tomorrow In Draper

IC'ouliqu'd from. page .1, column 5)

maindcr occupying the seats on the

 

 

 

 

30

State

A.B. R H O A

Dnnielwicz,   3 0 l 3 2
Schmitz, 1b. ...... .. 3 0 0 9 0
Von Kcurnn, p. 3 O 0 0 1
Fairbanks, 2b.  3 l l 2 3
Quattrochi, li‘.  3 0 I 2 0
Augustine, pinch l 0 0 0 0
Burrctt, ci'. ...... .. 2 0 0 0 0
Thomas, pinch l 0 0 0 0
Hurd, rf. .............. .. 2 0 0 l 0
Shearer, 3b. .  3 O 1 0 3
O'Brien. c. .......... .. 3 l 1 4 I l
27 2 5 21 10

Hartwick

A.B. R H O A

Monnhnu, 2b ...... .. 4 1 2 0 3
Pl'csloll, ll). ...... ,. 3 2 1 (i l
IVInrtuccllo,   4 1 2 l 0
Terry, c, ., 3 1 0 9 0
Clcmcns. lf. ,  3 1 l 3 0
Smith, of. .......... .. 4 0 l 0 (l
Du Brcscin, rf,  O 0 0 O (l
l-lnncr, rt.    3 l l 1 0
Horse, 3b. ......... ,. 3 0 O l 1
Burkc, p. ., .. 3 1 1 o 2
8 9 21 rI

,cxtrcmo left of the center section.
1Juniors in the mezzanine will come
idown the stairs nearest Richardson
,hull and l'ill lhc right section on the
lmain floor, followed by the sopho-
lmores occupying llu- Chairs in the
j balcony nl'tcr lllc juniors in the right
section on Ihc main floor have filled
iin Ihc main ccntcr scction vacated
by the seniors.

The l'rcslnncn seated on the right
will fill the chairs left by the sopho-
Inorcs and lllc last two rows of the
lcfl bulcony section. The freshmen
in thc center will move into the right
(:cnlcl' section of the balcony, except
.l‘or the first fiflccn who will go into
‘Ihc mezzanine. Freshmen on the
:lcft will move. into the center
balcony section.

 

Geo. I). .Iconey, Prop

Boulevard

and

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

and Ken Haser, sophomore.

 

Dial 5-1913

Cafeteria

Grill

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

