 

 

 

Page 2

 

STATE CUi.l..E(.iE NEWS, FEBRUARY 11, 1938

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the NeWs

Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373;; Wolzok, 2-6752; Smith.

3-1848; Nightingale, 2-4144; Gaylord, 2-4314
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postof/ice

 

IIPIIIINYID eon NATIONAL AWIMIIINO IV

lainnalﬂdveriisiugSemceJnc.
Collard Publishers Representative

480 Maniac" AVI. New YORK, N. Y.

CHICIIO - IOIYOI I LOI ANGILII ' all 'lllc'.C°

THE NEWS BOARD
Bonus Woczox  .... .. Editor-in-Chiel
Davm B. Smra  Managing Editor
Roan!- E. Hsnrwm .. Associate Managing Editor
Esau! B. O'Hom .. Associate Managing Editor
Jun S'rnono  . Associate Managing Editor
Mmonsn E. NIGH'l'lNOALE .. Business Manager
Chums W. GAYLORD .  Advertising Manager
Victoria A. BlLZl ..... ..  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

R an ............................................. ..Men’s Sports Editor
grilling: Frhnklin .. ....Assistant Sports Editor

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Betty Clark -.-.........  Women’s Sports Editor
Sophomore Desk Editors
Robert Cogger Saul Greenwaid Otto Howe

Leonard Kowaisky David Mlnsberg Sally Young

Associate Editors
Muriel Goldberg, Ramona Van Wle, Albert Archltzel,
Joyce Maycock, Charles Ettinger, Charles Walsh
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager... Grace Castiglione
Assistant Advertising Manager....... ............ ..Joan Byron
Business Staff
Doris Parlzot, Alice Bartlow, Marcia Brown, Kenneth
Haser, Harold Haynes. John Newstead, Mary
Gabriel, Elga Schiavl, Harriet Sprague

  

 

ISSUE EDITORS

Robert E. Hertwig
Edgar B. O’Hora
Jean Strong

 

Junior Advisors

Beginning with the 1937-1938 school
year, the orientation program at State col-
lege embodied several changes—outstand-
ing among which was that which turned
junior guides into junior advisory.

In .past years entering freshmen had
been escorted through the college build-
ings, subjected to a few lectures on “advice
and instruction to freshmen” and then left
alone in a maze of new surroundings and
situations to pick their way as best they
could. To be sure, a few of them were
sometimes fortunate enough to locate their
junior brother or sister, but most junior
guides considered their duty completed
after they had written a word of welcome
on a penny postcard and dropped it into a
mail box.

Then the class of ’39 took over the re-
sponsibility of orientating the freshmen and
proceeded to carry out the new plans set
up by the administration. The present sys—
tem divides the entering class into small
groups of approximately ten, and each
group is in charge of an advisory commit-
tee composed of one faculty member, two
juniors, and one sophomore. It is the duty
of the advisors to get to know each fresh—
man personally and offer advice or help in .
any way that it may be needed.

One of the best features of this plan is
that the freshman student is not left to him—
self after the first chk of school. The ad—
visory committee seeks to aid and guide its
freshman group during the entire first year.
Occasional meetings are held to discuss the
freshmen in that group and their succcss as
college students.

From our observations of the freshmen
during the past semester, the new system of
advisors seems to be successful. Congratu-
lations—40 the administration for the wel-

come changes, and to the juniors for put-

 

Personal
Viewpoints

Our squawk this week is dir-
ected at our perennial amicable
enemies, the sororities and their
official agency, the Intersorority
council. We like sororities, really.
and think they’re useful in State
in order to bring out the best
social aspects of the girl. In the
issue omitted before the fort-
night of horror embracing exam-
inatlons. our older castigator was
going to state views upon what
not to judge a sorority by, but
luckily, perhaps, the sour grape
juice was left in the vat to keep
for further aging. Now, We go
about to cut down the faults
surrounding the council.

The faults of sorority rushing
lie in the fact that the sororities

Commentstater, Junior

 

 

 

We couldn't think of a topic for this week—our
cohorts have pretty well covered the fields of post-
exam headaches, rushing, and the glories of the Junior
class. so we thumbed through last year’s files in a
desperate attempt to glean some small bits. and this
is what we found: I

First: there was an entertaining bit concerned‘
with the consumption of cookies and the promulga- '
ting of friendships at the Lounge teas. Perhaps we ;
haven't been very observant but where are the Lounge 
teas this year? We managed to shove along with the .
crowd for a fleeting glimpse of the Christmas tea. and l
the first ten, but that has been the sum total of it.
Mayhap there have been teas, but if so, we don‘t feel i
that they have been sufficiently advertised or enthused I have mo extended a rush pet-10¢
about. Not only that! We feel that they are friend- ‘ During this long duration 0f
ly, and informal—a real opportunity to meet friends, ’ “me the sororities begin to

l
l

 

both undergraduate and faculty. May we go on rec- éggogfwgﬁsﬁngaraﬁf(3138,5051:
0rd as entering a plea for more Lounge teas. and more bad for friendship between the
advance publicity, because we had such a good time E;‘011DS- AtIlOthftir "1011318 twtilt‘h

, 1e presen sys em s a e
at them 185‘ sea“ formal rush period comes at the
world's most lnopportune time.
After the hectlcism of exam weeks
has caused the sisters to lose
half their hair they must face
the gruelling grind of formal
rushing. Perhaps some of the
girls can face this with a‘ great
deal of grace. but we know of a
few who could not and did not.
The freshmen women by the
same logic are sick of the whole
matter, and they go into a flurry
of activity, and then decide at a
time when they are able to think
the least.

We've thought for a long time
that the weekend before
Thanksgiving recess would be an
ideal time for the rushing Week-
end; with Friday night for for-
mal dinner, Saturday afternoon
would be tea dance, and Sunday
morning would be a pleasant
wind—up with breakfast. The
freshmen could have until after
vacation to decide on their
choices with a silent period
going into effect at the finish of
formal rushing.

This plan would interfere with
the present Interfraternlty rush-
ing rules, but nevertheless this
, could be overcome very simply,
by either the men moving their
rushing up a week or two, or
leaving it the same and using
these days to finish up their
winning work on the men.
Really. we think we have the
kernel of an idea here, and wish
the council would consider it
seriously.

We've asked u couple of sorors
about this and they say that the
only reason for the length of the
hunting season is bccuusc some
fear they will not know their
prey well enough. but most
everyone that Ego Jr. has talk-
ed to has said they knew all the
girls they wanted at this time, so
that invalidates the argument.

Here is our idea and we're
open to more suggcstlons. We
are going to ask all those people
interested in the problem to
write Us in care of the News
and via the student mail. Then
We will cull thc commcnts and in
u short time will write a column
devoted to your viewpoint, just
l'or u change.

To end this column may we
wish all you new plcdgcllngs the
best there is. in your hands is
Students now seeking positions should monnnn f Ihc molding or remolding or
themselvcs with handbook 24 which is an alphulx-Licnl 3'0"" Kim”) ’“r‘lld "my .VUH hch
but of all schools in the stutc under which are nunn‘d HIE,“$11,151,“;3,3023%; again
Ion l,lli‘ left side of the page) the principal and (on monuppmg mm 01‘ H mm. 50'
1hr right hlill' oi the pligcl prcsidcni oi the bourd of best wishes from--—
l-dur'ntlon oi the loan ’l‘hlr. handbook may be ob~

ligo .lr.
luincd in room lZIA of Mlllli‘ High School and in the l r
(‘Ulli'lfl' library in wrllnlg a letter of uppllcatlon wrilc , Library SChOOl rut

Marks Founder’s Day

to Iln- principal unll'm. lnhll‘ur'lcd lo do otin-rulsc. I ‘ g
(‘i l ‘ . . '
lli'zll‘ll tin: (“surf and i'Ul'l'I‘t'l llnlm' iii lln' school and (ii H, "In-m mmmm“ 0' U“ WWII”!
\‘cnl of its founding, the Library

the pl‘llll'lpfil. ihi'llmll Will conduct a Founder’s Day
.5 calls for applicants conic Into llH' apponltnn-nt [ca loduy lll tln- Loungc of Richard-

Second: While we‘re himtlng up the lost causes
of the college, we’d like to know what happened to so
many of the clubs around college. We've given up the
’I‘roubadours—lt was doomed to go the way of our
little pals, Anastasia and Cuthbert. but where is Span-
ish club? We‘ve heard gay tales of Spanish queens
and carnivals from our alumni friends. But, evidently,
these things were not for our young eyes, and we're
sorry. just as we're sorry to have missed the hey-day
of W. A. A.-M. A. A. musical shows. and French club
sessions.

Third: And that's not all. We want to send a
couple of orchids to the members of the two athletic
associations who have planned the winter carnival
to be conducted at Camp Van Schoonhoven. We cer- ,
tainly don’t want to be wet—blanketish, but we do '
hope that the past few days have not been any indic-
ation of the weather for that weekend. We‘ve got our
fingers crossed for some snow and some ice, and
we're sure that the athletes will take care of the rest.

Fourth: We may be leading with our chins but we
can’t help remarking about how differently the library
looked the night before finals and last Monday night.
Before: we had to reserve our table—after: well . . .
How was it that we were there?
passing through.

Well. we were just

However we can‘t let this golden opportunity go
by without saluting our classmates. We feel that it
is now or never, for Junior Weekend is realization of
all that we‘ve been working so hard for during the 3
past two and one-half years. We're proud of what
we. as a class, have done, and even ’though We almost
broke an arm patting ourselves on the back, we like
to think that this weekend will conclusively prove that
the class of ‘39 will not be one of "forgotten men" or
women,

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

 

T110 Appointment bureau requests that all seniors
and graduate students come to room 121A to fill in
their schedule cards, By this is meant not only class
hours but also free periods, A mclnoramlum should be
made on the cards  to where the candidate cx-
pccts to be during week ends and evenings. He should
specify a.» to when a lncssugc should be left ill case
of his absence from his residence.

 

burr-nu oiluc notices will l)i' .wnL to students via the
student mail box. it 1:. llllpcl'utlvc that these mail
boxes should hc lllh])('(‘l.i.‘(l for flillli'i'h each day iih‘ bitch
on possible.

Calls for u-uchcn. arc uh'cady coming in and un—
nmilutc lliLi‘l'Viifwl'u are very probable, thcrcforc per-
sonal nppcul'nncc should be ilnwlcsn at all times of
Iho day.

It is suggested that all seniors attend the Library
school annual book display in the lounge of Richard—

 

ting them into effect.

son hull Monday through Friday.

son hall from .'l100 to 5:00 o‘clock,
according to li‘runces Woluk. '30,
chairman.

Among the guests will be Dr.
plumes l. Myer, hcud librarian of the
New York State library.

The Library school will present
the first unnqu book display for
:Hlﬂic college students Monday
ltlu'ough Friday in the Lounge from
0:00 to 5:00 o‘clock daily. The theme
for the display is to demonstrate the
ltypcs of books chosen for high school
clubs.

 

Statesman, Jr.

 

 

 

Even the Statesman falls into the
hands of a junior this time as News
becomes from stem to stern a Junior
issue. Issue ready? Then, here are
jottings on the sides of the pages in
the biographies of some ’39ers.

Orchids to KDR’s ambassadors of
good will, Bosley and Murphy, for
an overnight expedition into the pre—
cincts of 203 Ontario street. Recep-
tion committee consisted of one B.
Gaffney . . . a congenial host.

Juniors: there was a class meet-
ing Tuesday noon.

Hopping to Hopkins (worthy of
note): Kneel and Vlwaclous) LIV-
lNGston: Torrens and 1’??? (go see).
Also released by Baker’s publicity
committee: strong and ? Lowry and
??. And what of our Charlie Frank-
lln?

One little girl may cock her guns
for a final bulls eye on big game.
It’s worth shooting for if you can
stand the gaff. The joyce of Junior
Prom are not all in the music.
Back out of circulation: Barry.
Perhaps Richard Montgomery is
overtaking Cornell: last reports haVe
it that he will lead a Foote tonight.
The shouting and the tumult
dies; glad and sad tears and flying
arms on Monday at 4:00 o'clock
marked the termination of perhaps
the most climaxlc rushing season in
years. There were times when we
wondered who was doing the rush-
ing: the Frosh or the Upperclass-
men.

First opportunity for Statesman to
return a bow to the Lion, and there
are enough juniors listed in that
superb literary effort to make it
worth while. It's worth whiling
away your time on.

Now the juniors can start fretting
for fair. With so many tapping on
the door of fame, Miss Kania has
a task on hand in opening the por—
this

In the still of the night: Crounse
isn’t ducking the Duchess. Not hem—
mlng or hawing but (h) edgelng is
slated for Wilson over the week end.
What senior has a new leese on life?
And what swing silly junior took ad-
vantage of the sorority rushing to
rush to New York for a little musi-
cal background—all the jam bands
except Hopkins, but Empty will ma-
truck-ulate tonight,

This about winds up the old ex-
plosion toy just before Claude swings
out IO’Hora put that in) at Aurania.
IAw. min ye self some other day).
For a pleasant Prom be PROMt
and PROMlsc to take her to Tea
Dance tomorrow. I guess I convinc-
ed you that your beloved Statesman
whom you slander ridicuously, isn't
so bad. See you next year.
JUNIOR. THE MAN OF STATE

 

 

Hellen ics

 

 

Now that it's all over let's gather
the l‘rosh into the fold, heaVe a sigh,
and settle buck until next fall.
’I‘hcl‘c wrrc guests and guests and
guests over the week Lnd.

At Alpha Rho were Doris Shaver,
'34, Betty Slawson and Emma Len-
blnd, '35, Judy Merchant, '30, and
Phyllis Tucker, ’37. Miriam Scott
and Marion Townsend, '37, and Jean
Kerr, '30, hung up their hats at
EBPhi, and Betty Morrow, '37, did
the same of. Kappa Delta.

The Chi Sign mudc room for Dotty
llcdgcs, '30, and Estelle Murphy, '37,
and Cllll'o Leonard and June Wine-
gnr were back at Eta l’hi.

And still more guestsmu trio at
PAT: llctty Hilvcrmun, and Ida
Millstcin and "Dutchy" Levine, '30.
We might say the rushing pro-
cedure is a vicious circle because
hero iil'i' some additions to the “fit
you'll find on page ole: Josephine
Mntu‘lcc, 'llll, was initiated and Ethel
Long and Mary Ruth Kimball, sopll~
olnorcs, wcrc pledged at Elil’hi, 'way
up on Western Avonuc, while PA’I‘
pledged llurrict chine, '40, a couple
of wcckn ago.

And Psi (imnnm comes through
with two mlgagcmcnts: Nina. Ullmnn,
’30, to whom We don’t know, and
Elizabeth Whitman, ‘30, to Maurice
lleyo of Albany. Phi Lambda makes
it thrcc in a row by unrmunclng the

 

engagement of Nile Clemens, '32, to
ltcvercud Alan J. Perrlne, pastor of
Rocsslcville Presbyterian church.

 

 

io‘tn‘e‘oliu

' they our aim 
of,  new ...

  

In" m‘  to

   

of the les staff 10?, 
splendid co-omtinn In thh
endeavor. . , ’

 
 

   

   

 

 

Here are the five beauties of
the class of 1089 in alphabetical
order, who are aspiring to the
regal throne of Junior Prom
Queen. They are: (left top)
Christina Mu; (right top) Ilsiiy
Hayiordl (center) Carolyn Illi-
m... down left) mum Im-
phyl and (lower right) Pearl
Sandbag.

 

 

 

«minus-n a , an 

' we:  .1 .. . .‘
ammo is  New "

 

   
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
        
    
 

 
 
 
 
  

  
   
         
    
     
        
    
    
   
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
   

 

 

 

       
   
  
 
  
  
   

 
 
  
  
   
    
    
 
 

    
     
  
   
  
 

 

   
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 

I.

  

