' . . . university in the world
F operated solely for the purpose

of educating students in physical culture
has been established in Warsaw, Poland.
Here is a class in action.

haemﬁimaﬁ- '- v1:  ‘-

Marksman A" ‘” " W“

Spiller, 21-year-
old University of Florida junior, is the
1937 national individual champion marks-
man among senior R. O. T. C. units. He
shot a score of 197 out of 200.

-  :eoeimmmﬂ‘i

_, L3, nun—same!
4\ n l' \rtemclyﬁclIt
MM}. “ A,“ g . r . wl I‘l’lnl quality.
Ho inlvlilnl Uri-{n u ,.I 'uu negatives
M I ,, ﬂ . . u .  mapshoujq
, .mi vilinlllv ollhll
’v ‘tll\ ii.»

il‘\I\VI.\|l* ‘

mil i/oiﬁh  0/ Film Mal H)

Um A rtisto Roeka

. 2 GREAT snows
: Him. illillUl-lNISHHlS  ' g i  A 
HOUR

Northwestern open; ﬁve $40,000 houses

- Dedication Sweden - Sydney

ollege’s Freeman
Hart, vice-president of Pi Kappa Alpha fra-
ternity, dedicates the new Pi K. A. chapter

house at Northwestern University. Other . - " '1» 1 . . ' I,  ' i
fraternities in the building unit are Acacia, .‘ i' p _ ' I X , , ‘;’
Theta Xi, Phi Mu Delta and Phi Epsilon Pi. ~ i. ‘ ‘ “i ‘-  -  '. ' V
King 0/ [be white water; ' .    ,. ' .i' i . i 

INLESS EDUCATION WITH
Champ 53:35:? Jé’°n§22;‘.§12   “PREZ”   AT nu: Hem
AND ms swmo BAND

 

undergraduate, is shown winning the World
championship birling (log-rolling) contest
that made him undisputed ruler of the twirl-
ing trees. \.....-

 

 

 

. is meeting tong/Jer opposition now

it is no Fault of Senator Alben William Barklev that Man v
College,once the pride of Clinton, Ky., no longer exists. in the [M
nineties, long before he became the new democratic leader of ii,
Senate. Alben went out once a week to "do or die" on Mam:
football field. His muscles had been hardened on his latln
Kentucky tobacco farm. It is said that when Alben Barkir
came down the ﬁeld, everyone got out of his way. But he mu
forgive his enemies while demolishing them, for he never minv
prayer meetings at Marvin College.

Young Barkley was a forerunner of the youths who um
their way through college taking magazine subscriptions. He hm
kitchenware from house to house. The best senior honor
Marvin was the Declamation Prize. Senior B
He remembers that for
considered complete unle

 

 

 

 

arkley won [in
a long time afterward no function \i ‘
55 he delivered his recitation.

Marvin College no more, Emory Junior College and the l h
versitv of Virginia law school have made the most of his 1H"
prominence as democratic Senate leader. He studied at hot
schools, but learned the rest of his law in Paducah, Ky., llllill
the prototvpe of lrvin S. Cobb's "Judge Priest."

Senator Barkley bit through a pipestem while waiting for ll
results of the Senate's poll on a new leader. He slid through
score 38-37. From his eminence as President Roosevelt's "now
friend Albert,” the new Leader can look back on a career WI‘»
American: birth in a log cabin, campaigning on a mule for an
early prosecuting attorneyship, learning law in a picturesque lat.
ofﬁce. ﬁnally soliciting votes by way of horse and buggy w w“
to Washington in 1912. There he has remained leaving lllt'
House for the Senate in I926. ’
. Already 60, lmslty, quick with a joke, Leader Barklev's [mi
tton will be a (lllllClllt one when Congress reconve‘nes. The partv
reVOlt is under way, and the opposition won’t clear out as easily

- with the famous
Goodman Trio and
Quartotte
going to town!

Ky TUESDAY
9‘" men-r ,

BROUGHT TO YOU BY

Carrying on the summer course in
“Swing-ology" as taught by that inim-
itable master, Benny Goodman. Try
to keep your feet still when the Good-
man quartette gets "in the groove."

Assisted every week by an all-
star Hollywood cast including:
“STU” ERWIN - RAYMOND
HATTON - WILLIAM AUSTIN

Hear that educator of
educators—"Honest
Jack" Oakie gag the
highlights of college life.

 

 

 

 

lluyyrluhl. lllil'l, ll. .l. Itrynnltlu Tull-ecu (lomuuiy, thuon-Holcm, Ninth Con-lino

—at 9:30 pm E. 8.1., 8:30 pm c. S.T., 7:30 pm M. S.T., 6:30 pm
P. SJ. over WAN) and Coast-to-Coast Columbia Network.

 

 

x! the :6.

A MATCHLESS BLEND

eotole Disesi '

IAIIIIII ltultl “III A. 'll'vll ll. '!Ih'.l".ﬂ

Publitalmm (Mice: 410 Sexlnn lltllltl‘
in . Minneapolis, Minn.

Y‘Jatiunal Advertising Representative:
Nalinnnl Advertising Service, Incj. New
York, (‘liieuum Boston, h'au Fl'n‘lllcllcu,
Lox Angela.

 

 Above is shown part of the ideal college
coed’s wardrobe as selected by vote of
seniors in 157 colleges and universities. to) Voice. hunt .umt-

 

aiﬂ- seem, at t- _

as that which faded before All B k] . Y c
football ﬁeld for Marvin Coiling):n 3: cy sweepingD down iii

no » 1::

 

CAM EL

M ._ 3 of liner, more Expensive Tobacco;
 ‘ Turkish and Domestic

 

