 

 

   

,. ~unndbm=iil£ -

A arm“:

 

 

Page 2

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 4, 1938

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

7 Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Asociation
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

IIPNISENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIING IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
C ollegc Pith/Ether: Representative
420'MADIsON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' LO! Alﬁlll' ' SIR FRANCIICO

 

THE NEWS BOARD

EDGAR B. O’HonA  . Editor-in-Chief
JEAN STRONG  Co-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. Hanrwm ............................. .. Managing Editor
OTTO J. Hows  . Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY ..  Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youna ..  .. Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BiLZl . . . . .. Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON   .. Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTIGLINE   Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

 Men’s Sports Editor
. Women’s Sports Editor
, Assistant Sports Editor
. Assistant Sports Editor

Feature Editors
Saul Greenwald Charles Walsh
Associate Editors

Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmorc Melanson, Alice Bartlow,
Robert Coggcr

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

Charles Franklin
Betty Clark . ............ ..
William Ryan 
Joseph Bosley .,

 

 

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager .............. .. Harriet Spraguc
Assistant Advertising Manager  .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ............. .. Mary Gabriel

We 're Sleepy

“'l‘horo i». nothing (but mun I'llJtl,\"-i inoro tInIn loisuro,
untl this (loo-i not monn tlmt one simply [IIH'H nothing during
thntl timo."-——('lmng ('h'no.

 

 

 

 

At this point in the school year we be-
gin to tire just a trifle and this always
causes us to romember tho awl'ul dilapid-
ated l'eeling that we possess during tho long
grind betwccn the end of Christmas vacu-
tion and tho bogiuniug ol’ tho [Custer one. At
that time most of Us nearly drop from
nervous and physical exhaustion, especially
if this period lasts l'rom January 5% until
April 5 as it docs this year. This is a
poriod ol' thirtocn wcoks with only one
wccllcnd ul'tor examinations and Lincoln’s
birthday as yaCatiou breaks.

For a long time We huyo felt that this
arduous and lcugthy poriod of study and
school activity is tho cuuso of much of the
illness and noryous tension that exists
umoni.r tho studouls during that strotch.
'l‘ho hygicuc doplrrtmout, \yo bolicvc, will
corroborato this stutoniout of ours.

it tho aboyo condition docs oxist and
wo holioyo it docs—~thon it should be recti-
liod. We think that tho host solution Would
ho to chaugo tho duto ol‘ our spring roooss
to March Il through March 13. Wo bolioyo
that this (into should bo so ul'l'ungod that
it would coincido with tho spring rocoss
dado ol' lho olhor onstorn collogos,

[.Tudor this sysloui lho soluoslor is split
into moro oounl soolions, and by so
doing, Wo do not losson tho school days but
wo how: two \zu'ulion;: lo rolzlx in indoud
ol' tho usuul ouo homillz-ro wo would slill
’i'ho:o
would 1!,‘l\'o lilo :dudonin‘ u hollor chnuco to
rol'rorih llli'lllrd‘l‘.'l':i and wo bolioyo lhul lilo
physical and norvous Wour would bo los-
sonod npprocinbly.

lilt\t' lilo \Vl'l'lxl'llil ill l‘iun’lo'r limo.

Wo suggosl, to tho zulrninistrulion that
they appoint, u l'ucully coinniittoo to inyos'
tignlo tho possibilitios of such a chung’o in
schcdulo. Wo‘d lilo: to sol: it some method
could not bo dovisod whereby this long
strain could be lossonod whcu noxt somes-
tor starts gutting bumpy.

 

A Penny for Your Thoughts?

Personal
Viewpoints

(EGO is given the widest lati-
tude as author of this column,

 

 

 

Commentstater

(THE UOMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column. though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE News.)

Words fail us. Yes, we admit that this situation
occurs but seldom. However, this week we raise our
voices in rightews indignation over the events of last
Saturday night. Never in our histrionic lives have we
been so bored by a set of stunts—the senior stunt
excluded.

Let’s take them apart piece by piece. They were
not obscene; they were not unusual; they were not
even funny. They were merely incredibly dull—again,
the senior stunt excluded. To our minds this was a
new type of stunt, carefully worked out, with a little
freshness and vitality. The others—well, confidentially,
see Mischa Auer! No, it is not the fact that We are
seniors that makes us favor the Study in Persian
Psychology. It is simply that we are sick and tired
of local color shows with elementary background and
unity.

The frosh were notable in one or two respects:

 

 

 

 

Bernie Perlman, in our minds, is something close to
genius, and it is our sincere regret that he was given
such a lousy introduction to the State college stage.
The trumpet duct was also an admirable exhibition
of technique—it brings to our mind the lack of and
the need for a college orchestra, The general theme—
a radio program—was as trite as a Vox Pop hour, but
the aforementioned were worthy high spots.

The sophomore stunt was a shade better, but too
reminiscent of last year's stunts to interest us. We
liked Dower and Smith in the background, and We
still think Cohen, Miller, and Meltz have their mo-
ments, but again we repeat that they wasted their
time repeating themselves.

We would prefer to say nothing of the junior stunt.
Baird's pipe was all that kept us from going to sleep
after the first few seconds. Even the dormant quartet
didn't know the words to the Marlins and tho Cog/s!
Shame!

And that's not all! That's not oven half of ll! Wo
thought the rcmurk nbout 1’! units [v'rom [flown was
very apropos, but \'.’o doubt tllo last word. it was

suggosling to Studont council lhal they disponsc with
slunls at lilo ncxl allair and insliluto n lilllo ponuy-
pitching coulosl—lhnl would inoro nonrly npproxinnltl-

lhul ldyorsc criticisms woro not amiss, lhci'o was no
uocd for tho \'Cll(}lllli.l. booing and pcnny-lhrowiug.
We would llko to chullcngo any of thc aspiring Soulh r
or North—Pan's to :1 conlosl to soc il' lhoy collld produco
anything as lino as the violin work of Bcrnio Pcrl-
man and wc'ro pulling our inonoy on tho l'rosh boy.

Wo'l'o lcctnrod on poliloncss until We are as tired
of ll. us you arc. Porhups this fact will bring it noarcr
homo: lhcro woro u grout many outsidors at, Clunpus
dny. ’l‘ho word gots around and you must rcmclnbcr
llllll outsidors (In tho hiring and tiring ol' touchors.
Wo lll'(' not lllo only loucllor-lrniniug institution in
tho sluto, and um lollyo it up to you lo [iguro out who
got}; it in tho Hock. ll, col'luinly lsu'l, lho ()lllhhlt'l'bl

A word to lilo l'ulln'o. Dirt-clors you hnyo ox-
oolloul, nudoriul. (iol your costs lom-lhor oln'lior null
rohourso lhoin ll lilllo Inoro curol'ully. And [Ill'tlsr‘
spuro us lho Luloul shows, (ﬁnals show u Illllo inoro
t'lllllllhlllSlll and (‘ti—i)|)l‘l’illltlll. nnd nndiouco 7 ho polllo
or sluy homo, An onlply soul. cnn'l lhrow lllhllllh to
tho actors.

Book of the Weehi
French lntrigues

by ('illll'lt‘h liltingor, '::o
.\ll 'i'hi.» .\m| Ill-:u'cn 'l‘oo, b}. ilnclu-l li'lolll~ 'i'lio Muc-
nllllun (‘o lllllll, MM Indus

«rm .w/r m III: r'u ll/I'

ll llllltll'llllillll‘ llml ,lllll .l -n|nnonlul lillo
:liould i.u\o bull nppllcd lo inclul l"h'l(l'h llt‘Wt'hl
nonol ’lnno ()ul ol' Mind" \\n,. noI uullo to bud. ll
hull ind lhul or mini Ion,“ which \‘.tll|l(l l'.l|l‘l' unoc dino
ililllli lo ilud ll ulli'iopllliolpl‘, d ul ull und color
lho llllo guillin \l'uh Iho huud upon Ill.‘ upplouch ol
u lollow undo.

iil)\\l'\i‘l', 1n .xpllo ol lho nunlo unit it liltl‘illl' opon.
nu: chnplor, |)l('llllilll', u lino \lucuoly luunhnr (Thunnol
crooning, {ill (fill-W i-lntl Iliuiru ’l'oo lill' I‘Kl'l'l'lln lllo
pi'oiiil:-.o:, ol lit. llllc. ll nol ol ils. publl:hoi:,. /\.‘, llolo
rlollo [Ji'hlllll'lt'h now-ruin, ln'l'lnlum lnyollod lll lho
unhnppy tlllilllb ol tho holoohold ot lho lino do I’l'n..~
lin, lll('lll':. Iho (llhlliio un.i lonloli:_\' oi lho |ili.‘..’xlllllill“
iiuchcsn, llu- t'llllllilt‘llf'l und :wnuinlhy ol lho liill‘ll:,.‘.l'll
iiuc, nnd tho lo\o ol tho l’l'ilhllll chlldl‘on, lilo llilll'il-
tivo bogins. to grip, lhll win-n, ovornluhl,, nllo hl-oonlos.
lho illiliil'lUllh "h’llull‘llliilht’llo 1).", and is llibll'llllll‘llllll
in tho overthrow of tho government or il()lll.‘ri‘lllll])])l',
it, ln'lftmllth roully ub:~.oinnn',. not only through tho

 

lochnlquo of tho itlllllill', but. bocunso ol lho roulizullon
lhut tin-no Woro actual historical ovonls.

lho rudcsl. oxhibilion no how over soon, and we are ‘

lho lcyol of intolligcho ol' lho uudionco. (h‘nntod .

though his viewpoints do not
necessarily always reflect those
of the STATE COLLEGE News.)

Open Letters
Dear mother,

I am so sorry about last Sat-
urday night. When I asked you
to come down, I didn’t think you
would be forced to receive the
impression that you did of my
fellow students.

I wish that there was some
way of proving that that sort
of juvenile rowdyism is the ex-
ception rather than the rule here
at State. But I can't. You'll
just have to come down again
some time, and maybe then
you‘ll see the better side of our
students. Until then. try not to
let yourself form any concrete
impressions of the kids with
whom I go to school.

Your loving offspring,
- w n- EGO.
Dear senior class,

Congratulations on a good and
novel skit. But aside from the
skit for the moment, where, oh
where is that good old '39 vim
and vigor that pushed you
through three successful years?

My goodness! Here’s Senior
Hop with only a handful of
couples, compared to your earlier
triumphs. Just because you‘re
seniors this year is no reason
people hare to go to your dance.
You've got to work just as hard
this time as you did for Soiree
and Prom — and more so.
considering, Getting a hall and
an orchestra isn‘t a dance . , .
you have to keep talking it
up . . . working up some enthusi-
asm, especially wilh the under-
classlncn. Spend some timo tell-
ing people what a swell orchestra
Ray Kcating is; what a lino
time they 'an have,

This may soom lo bo pronch-
ing when tho damage is douo.
but our advico will fit lho juniors
and lho sophs just us woll. And
the soniol‘s hnyc :luotlicr dzuloo
:lt tho ond of tho your, too.

And that rolninds us of un-
olhor thingi you can't do lunch
wilh n inooling ol‘ oiphl pooplo,
(lot, in lhoro and uol in work
lor :lnd wilh your clzoas.

Enough of this rolliul‘ sluggish-
uoss!

Yours tor nun-o (‘lilei spirit,

lu‘(‘.().

RS. And dou‘l Iol uny .souior
luluonl lo inc that ho or sln- is
"pl'uclico touching [his sonlos-
lor," Thul‘s no ronsou you how
lo (lll‘ (iood lonchors got around
it hIllo bil loo!

 

Hellenics

 

unolhl 1' lo conic!

Will-clock, 'Dli,

lh_\ l’lzl; ond iiilllho Huoll,

SH Alﬁi’hi will conduct u:-, hound

 

l:.ml Inolo oi ol hyrlono will pour.

liollo, girls horo wo uro buckl
llgnln ullor n hoclu- lyl-ol-zcnd, nnd

Dollll ()nn'gu: 'l‘\'.'o ulluns uloppod
ill lll l)() oyor [ho woolu-nd. 'l‘l cy
woro [lolly Hclnlulz, 'Zlii, :lnd lildll‘

‘\l]lllil iii rillili l‘hl' \Vl't'lll‘llll you.
or, u! ."\l'll‘hl nichldo l\l:ll'lou (.‘olu-n.l H'“ "HM' “1” i’“ “W'” ‘l'll'llll! “"i
14'] um] Min. lhro lfololl Nlillt'hlluli,WW“ “I’m‘l‘iw' “Ml l“"“‘"”“' “hl‘l'm

 

State ’8 Stage

Triumphs
Talent

Technicalities

 

 

PLAYGOE R

Congratulations and bushels of
orchids to Ruth Donnelly and Ruby
Stewart for two of the best Tues-
day night plays that it has been our
good fortune to see in some time.
The ﬁrst play was a magniﬁcent
display of the art of handling a
large cast fluidly; the second play
was a gem of ﬁne acting.

Miss Donnelly was beset from the
beginning with an unwieldy play,
but Tuesday’s showing left nothing
to be desired. Mr. Hart was the
self-assured host to perfection. Miss
Emery, Miss Arndt. and Mr. Wells,
the veterans of the cast. acquitted
themselves nobly, Mr. Cassldy's
butler was a ﬁnished bit of acting,
especially in the pantomine, always
present, but never obtrusive—the
perfect servant. Of the newcomers,
we say keep an eye on Miss Knowles
and Mr. Hirsch. Her work in a
minor part was pointed and vigor-
ous, Shc faints well. He has the
kind of speaking voice that causes
us to predict more roles in the
future.

Miss Stewart's play will be all the
more memorable because of Mr.
Doran's Cockney, ’oracc, His char-
acterization was sustained from the
time he walked onto the stage till
he stepped through the rear door,
without one bit of faltering. His
business was well worked out, and
we liked that hat—under-tho-arm
gesture which wont so unnoticed,
lsimply bocauso you look it for
granted in such a clnu'nclor.
incidentally. the costumes for
Miss Stewart's play were all ox-
ccplionzllly \yoll-dono.

Tho olhcr surprise was the tin-
lshod porl'ormum-o ol' nnolhor now-
comcr to Slutc's slngowMiss Float.
Whilo sho ll'llSHCCl ono or two op-
porlunilios to push hor porl'orni—
uuco lo the hoighls, hor nclinl; still
lslnyod in lilo l‘t'illlll of tho supor-
lnliyo. Sho has on zlbuudunco ol'
slugo prosonco uud plonly ol' nbil-
ily.

Tho laundry girls. pncod by Miss
Koonz. hurl lhoir llll)llll'lll,‘;. bul \'.'o
lll'(‘ still woudoring wholhor lilo
“lnoiuhouino' uiislrl-ss wus ii'ronoh or
llulinn, .\'li.~,:. l":l(‘l(l'l">, pudding With
l.l:lllll':ll und oil'lcliyo: and no ("ill—
ilhll All». Mor-chult lo wulch lu-r
,ll‘ndozicy lo plny hcrscll'.

thle [or both pluyl; llllfilll linyo
lbcon chum-d in. lill-llllh‘l'o hud Iho
flu-ling nol boon so good. hill, :1 il
lwus lhoy woro it thoroughly ndo—
juuzllo background for tho zlclors.
,i.ighling was not loo inlricnlo pur-
‘Iiculnrly. und Iho only lochnlcul
:lluw wo lind still lion in lilo long
‘wnil bolwoon tho plays.

' lloulso connnilloos: choc]; up and
lsoo uboul, solno ol' lhul bolwoon lho
plnys oulorlunnuonl oi lust your's
clussou, it might solvo tho probloln.

 

 

 

 

 

Appointment
Bureau

l'uul liuluor, socrolury ol lho Ap—

Kumm “PM”, Form“! “mullqujpoinliuonl burl-nu, \\lll Iou\o lor u
wus conduoll d Hundux lllh’lll lor si'ilu’m “1 “1" "ml" " I‘M“ “11“”1‘” M‘m“
soplunnoror. 'l‘lumo l‘ocoll‘l'll lnlol‘i‘” “’“l W” “""m “1 ’i‘ll”"l‘i”"r‘\"
llil'll,:ll niolnin'rslnp woro llouun
('liupnlun, ’lnl‘buru lv'orroc, l)orolh\
“mum” MM} (“mm [Ipwulll “um; ol lilo Apponilluonl luncuil ulnl lo

llll.’,. 'i‘his. nil! bo u trip to show Iho
high :whooh, ol Iiu‘ mlull- [lu- \\orl\'
incl llcqunluloo \yllh Iho schools
{which llu- lillll'llil (loo:i not colilul'l

ll) lftli Ill) llu' ('(illllllllll‘l' \\'Ull‘. lll:l,\’

vi" du‘, lou Hlliulu‘. l.l||nin llll~ ‘1" ‘H. 'i'lio dourlhno lol lllt' ono lllil—
..nui ‘lli udl olio .l oonol‘nl chulr ‘1‘” "“ll‘l'lbllllhll In Nowluln'r 15H,

nun, u oiod In Hlilll"\ Kuplun, ‘-on Til“ WNW-ill”. huyo l'tl'I-Hl‘ll poul-
nml lirul, (ill Jillllll illlll l‘illlol l“'“-"- "“"""I““4 l“ lid‘ lillltlilli
l' «hon noplionlorl, u‘ l"rllllllllll‘(r (“Why Monmonu-ry. 'Ilil p:\'ol,.,|oop,[

“my, M. Mle I, “my,” “mm at industry; Anno (iloumn, 'Jlii, l‘lllll-
‘llll‘li'l- l\ill(ll'l'(l l'llll'y school .'\|bnn,\';

(:uinuul I‘luphu i’hl. (inunuu Kn]; l""”"‘ “’“Wv Vimr “'“l'im'l' ‘l-‘i‘il‘ll‘m
lioolnlly oonduclod n lllllll‘l, suppor Alum-l MV‘HV‘”; Mmir‘“ K“"“““'-“"V

 

Nil-hour oludy lhi. lull

.llnl pnrly l'or .lunol (lurnoy, who im‘ l”""“”-‘7 “‘“““""“"-
nu, nulrrlod Io (‘ln'lm Slownrl o1:

'l‘ho burl-nu l'l't‘lililllll'llllh lho lol
lowun: books: ’l‘orhniqnos ol' 'l'cuchcr

i'hl Linnbdu: i’hi ldlllllxlll nu- Holt-l’hu'cluvut. by William: A. Muc-

,nounoo:. Iwo no‘.” plodgliuus, Lorollu lioullull; Holootion
Harry and l'iloronco i"lu'lul‘o, juniors ol’ 'l'l-nchors, by W
lllill. ol' Emily and W. H. Zoigol
llurlbnl, '35, lo Hohorl Cross of Al- l’l‘ouohors li‘rl-o'.’
buny. h'uyinl; hollo lo Phi Imuhdn Institutional ’l‘oucln-r
ovor tho \Vl-ckond woro Mary Mnrk~ J. (i. UnisIund;
huln, ’Jili‘, ill-Ion Hnuliu, und l'h'olyn l'l‘l‘ll I'Issrutiul l'or
Lindl‘os, class of '37, and Marina

ninl ouo inurriugo

Hchold, '88.

and Appoiulnu-nt
. H. ill-ilouinungh
, hi; Aro Auwricuu
by ll, K, lil'ulo;
I'Inoolnout, by
(illidulll'o (‘onsid—
‘ 'l‘oawhcrs, by C. A.
l“lhlil‘l'. All lhoso may be obtained
ul, lho rosorvo don of tho library.

 

 

 

 

   
  
    
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
     
   
    
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
  

. .. -w v-..~m...._m..-~...--m. p...—

ﬂ

Wm

M - r I
onalcolh‘q“ NM \

1 'i '-
..MlYi " I! 7

Arr-ﬂ
AU
,“ 1”“,

ill

 

 
 

        
      
 

Puddle Run
When Southern Illinois

to Teachers College
freshmen refund to
wear the green tics pn-
mibcd lot them by up-
crclusmcn, they were
and to run between
two lines oi swinging
paddles. This freshman
is doing his but to
evade the stinging

whaclu.
Collegiate Discs! Photo
v Hamilton

 
 

   
     
         
       
    
   
   
   
       
     
    
    
 
 
  

      

 
  
     
   

Millionaire Studios Labor Problem

David Rockefeller, 22, has in“ enrolled at the University of
icugo, the institution to w ich his iamin has contributed ap-

proximately 370,000,000. He'll study what he calls America's

major problem, idle machines and idle labor. Am

    
          
       
     
  
  
  
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

 

  
     
         
     
   
        
    
    
          
           
             
               
      
      
        
       
   
  

      
 
 
 

      
   

Bondsman Ofﬁcially Crowned Donn

"King oi Jul" Poul Whitman wu oillciolly mode “Dun oi Modem Music”
w on New Yuri: University wheel of commerce huhmon voted him the honor in
their recent prom. The new ml. loll Whltumon popoyod with pride.

Collegiate Diuu‘i‘hoto by Liam:

  

  
 
 

. 0| ‘h. I
lo, M I $0. H on o "u. "u‘
WWW! but 1th 4,, wriggling my,

      

