  

 

 

  

.t. A M,»_~J\,«A.A A... A AA A. A «ac—sam—saA—‘ﬁ .nAM.AAM‘¢-\f ,

Nix On

Spons

The old order changeth, yielding place to new... Art so ends a
semester as sports editor for yours truly. Although this semester has
been a rewarding one for me. the time has come to change the pace and
pass the reigns on to other deserving individuals.

With my departure, I pass the problems and work of the editor on to
Jim Winslow who has contributed no small amount of labor which has
helped to ease the load of producing two papers a week.

I would also like to thank all the individuals who have written
articules for me and I would also like to thank the photographers who
have put in time and quality with their fine pictures.

As a final editorial comment. I think that roach Doc Saiicrs and the
rest of the Great Dane basketball squad deserve special praise for their
litre performance against a strong Buffalo sqirad this past Saturday.

The Danes turned iihat was easily their finest pcrforlttattcc of the
year as they played an cxwllcnt ball game against a much taller squad.
Although the Danes were rinrcli shorter than liuffalo. they were able to
hold their own under the boards with a superb diplay of hustle and
timeliness. In addition. the defense was able to prevent Buffalo‘s
offense front moving toward the basket where they would have been
able to make the most efficient use of their |reigl.t advantage.

If the Danes continue to play the way they did rig: inst Buffalo they
will end the season with i record perhaps rrol as impressive as last
year‘s. biit surely well above .500,

Both lack Duffy and Scott I’ricc contributed greatly to the team
effort as they combined to prevent lhc lui forecourt oi Buffalo from
doing an) real carnage nui.errnaIIi the hoards. Jack Jordan also
contributed a line effort on both the LIL‘It‘l’SIVC arrii offensive hoari‘s. Ill
addition. Jim ('avcrly. Jack Adams and Rich Margisorr combined to
handle the direction of the team.

Although Iliargison has held to oirl_\ alt-van points. he directed the
offense and turned a tire defensive performance against the opposing
Buffalo guard.

Again. a special note of praise to coach Saucrs and his squad for their
litre performance against a tough Buffalo squad.

For those basketball fans who will he in the area during the holdiays.
the Danes will be hosting their annual Holiday 'l'ournarnent December
27-29 against St. Lawrence. Sierra and llarrriliorr.

And so ends 2. semester of sports editing. in my final departing
statement I have but one Word for friends and foes alike all over the

world: l’ax.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17 , I968

Albany Stopped In Closely
Fought Game With Buffalo

The Albany varsity basketball
squad lost a heartbreaker to
Buffalo. 66-59, the result. of a
poor showing at the foul line.

Before the game between
Albany and Buffalo, there were a
variety of rumors being circulated
about the Buffalo squad. Some
people said that this Buffalo team
had scored 100 points against a
rzrough. Tennessee defense. Others
said that Buffalo’s 6-9 center was
great, and that he would have no
trouble scoring against Scott
PriceI who was seven inches
smaller.

The final results of the game
should stop people from listening
to rumors. Albany not only
played well against a much taller
Buffalo squad, but only their poor
9-for-22 showing at the foul line
kept the Great Danes from
defeating their rivals from
Buffalo.

The Buffalo warmup drill
reminded some of the antics
displayed by the Harlem
Globetrotters. However. once the
teams got on the court, the polish
and quickness that Buffalo
displayed in warmup was gone as

Albany outshot and outrun them.

The Albany Hoopsters didn't
seem to be intimidated in the least
by the rumors following the
Buffalo squad. The Great Danes
quickly went out and took it
17-11 lead midway through the
first half, but lost it by halftime.

Jack Adams. is 5-9 junior,
curried much of the early scoring
for Albany. He scored on driving
layups and several outside shots
and led the Albany scorers with
13 points.

Scott Price, whose injured
ankle has kept him from playing
up to his full potential this season,
showed no signs of his injury. as
he played his best game yet. He
did it fine job against his 6-9 rival
at center, considering the fact that
he was giving away seven inches.

Jack Jordan played a good
game scoring 12 points. He played
a tough defensive game swiping
several errant passes from Buffalo.

The big disappointment of the
night was Rick Mnrgison.
Margison who scored 21 and 28
points against Stony Brook and
Pluttsburgh respectively. was off
in his shooting the entire night.
He scored only ll points.
I-Iowcvor, lie was the big man on
defense for Albany.

Albany run well with the ball
and several times forced Buffalo
to throw the ball away (Illl' to a
stiff pressing defense.

The closest Albany came in the
second half was 5 l~;’)l. bitt

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT

Vol [V

  

‘1

STUDENTS GATHERE TO GIVE their moral ru
refusing induction in the Armed Services. ( Story on page 3 )

 

pporr to Steve Trirmn as he. is sentenced to prison for

I

ALBANY

Required Credits, Lowered
120 Needed For Graduation

quickly fell behind as Buffalo
recited off seven consecutive
points.

The varsity plays Central
Connecticut next week. then goes
into the Capital City 'l‘ourriamcnt
December 27 and 28.

Notice I H Mi

 

STATE'S VARSITY CAGERS missed thirteen of twenty-two foul

shots in Iosittg to Uli. 66-59.

UB Hands Frosh

Photo by Ed Potskowski

On Wed nt-sday, December

 

by Gale MeAlliater,
Staff Reporter

The School Of Arts and
Sciences has recently lowered the
number of credit hours needed to
graduate from 124 to 120.

This change is not retroactive
and becuase it does not go into
effect until July 11, 1969, seniors
who plan to graduate in June of

However, seniors who wirh to
graduate and have only 120
credits, but have met all other
requirements, may appeal their
cases to the Undergraduate
Academic Counsel.

This Counsel will consider each
student’s case individually, and
then decide whether the student
will graduate or not.

The reason given for lowering

Third Loss, 71-47

The Albany State frosh
sustained their third loss of the
young season to a strong, tall
University of Buffalo quintet this
past. Saturday night.

Tire loss, a 71-47 drubbing,
brought the baby Dnncs record to
an unimpressch 1-3. Again as in
past games. individuals snowed
sparks of brilliance but sustained
scoring drives were few.

Gene Bost, Albany's
ballhnndlcr and floor general.
paced the team with 16 points. As
a team. Albany hit on only 30
percent of their shots from the
field and ~l0 percent from the foul
line.

Leading the Danes in
rebounding was Mike Hill. The big

 

For llnmen Only

 

by Leslie King

 

Second semester plans Were laid he‘d before Easter Recess After
out by W.lt.A. Executive Board the spring vacation. softball
last Wednesday night. intramurala are scheduled along

Along the lines of intramuruls, with badmintonv and possibly
pool reservations have been squash, which will wtnd up the
requested for February la in intramural program for the yi-rrr.
order to reschedule the intramural 0" FGIN‘UHI‘Y 22. w-li-A- W1”
swim meat which was cancelled hold its major competition event
last week due to illness~ of the yetll‘"'tl‘ll! invitntlorial
Immediately following the meet, Sports Day. Seven schools IItIVt‘
basketball intramurula will begin. lwi'n invited to participate in any
Hopefully their playoffs will be or all of three events: volleyball.

bowling, anti squash. liosling in d
volleyball teams will be taken
from their respective intramural
lcngues. If anyone is Intt'rcstud in
competing for Albany in squash.
she must notify J: an Viskoril in
Alden lInll. ‘l'lletl‘Jfr.

To culminate the year's
activities. awards will be presented
to winning intramural teams rind
new officers will be installed at
the annual May Banquet.

freshman fouled out midway
through the last half and left the
Danes with little strength under
the boards.

John licher, who led the
yeurlings in points last time out,
was held to nine points. Bill
Motto scored seven markers and
DeLaurn added six more.

The frosh travel to Coblcskill
Agricultural and Technical College
for it game this Thursday (possibly
called off) and take a long rest
until their next game with North
Country Community College on
Saturday. January 1 l . at the State
gym.

I“

Your ticket - ".50

 

BLOW IN HER'EAR AND SHE’LLI
FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE!”

Maybe even to
for a Friday night's skiing at SPECIAL RATES
For College Students

lift starts at 7r00
HERE ls WHERE iT'S ATI
WILLARD MT.
Neaston. NY

18th, at 7 pm. there will be a
volleyball workout in the
auxiliary gym for those men
interested in forming an
intramural group or league.

For details concerning this
meeting contact Mr. Burlingamc
in his office in the physical
education building.

The LIGHTHOUSE
Restaurant and
BM
State Students
Welcome
67 Calvin Au.
Phone 482-9759

 

-——_ —

 

WILLARD MT.

Hen - SI .00

Tel. Sl8 -
I 692-7337

 

Good Things Come Slowly

Watch for

TQRPEDG

January ii

 

 

 

1969 are not: included in the
change. the number of credit hours

Faculty Senate OK’s

Afro-American Program

by Betty Anderson

On January 20, 1969, the Faculty Senate approved a Department
of Afro-American Studies. At the meeting of the Senate, President
Collins presented the history and events of the Afro-American
situation.

The new action is considered a further development of the
Afro-American program. In the past, courses in Africian history have
been offered and a program for 200 disadvantaged students was
begun. The EOP program were organized and financed by last fall.

Two members of the faculty attended summer institutes to prepare
them to teach in the Afro-American Program. The two men along
with Dr. Liedel and Dr. Price have worked on developing the program
in Afro-American studies. It is expected that the program will be
offered as it second field in the fall of 1969 and soon will be
developed into a major field.

A course in the history of the Negro in America had been taught by
Dr. Liedel. This semester, 1: course in American Negro Literature is
taught by Dr. Reilly.

In November, a group of Black students presented it course of
Afro-American studies to he offered on the 200 level because the
other Afro-American courses are not open to underclussmen.
Unfortunately, the course run into some difficulty due to the lack of
communication between the administration and the Black students.

In January, President Collins talked with the Black students about
the course. The course had not been put through the proper channels.
To keep the cornmittment made to the students, President Collins
tried to ullieviate the situation.

Dr. Wheeler met with the Executive Council. and presented the
program. The program was approved. Some of the usual channels were
by paused because the situation called for some urgency.

In a meeting of Dean Wheeler, Dr. Peter Krosby, and Mr. Lockhu'rt,
they decided to accept a 200 level course with Mr. Lockhart as
instructor. Dr. Krosby stated he would recommend the course and
instructor to the history department. The history department
approved the course.

In a second meeting between President Collins and the Black
students. they asked the President to make three committmente: to
offer a 200 level in Afro-Amerlcan history, to develop a department.
of Afro-American studies, to admit 300 non-white minority group
students next fall.

President Collins felt these committments were acceptable. He
agreed to these committments without consulting with the faculty

Continued to Page Three

required to graduate in the School
of Arts and Sciences is simply that
the students will now find it easier
to obtain 120 credits rather than
124 credits.

Most courses are three credit
hours making a typical semester
worth 15 credits, which was
previously not; enough to
graduate.

Therefore, a student would
have to take two credit courses, or
ﬁnd four credit courses to take. or
attend summer sessions.

Therefore, lowering the number
of credit hours frees the students
to pursue the courses they wish to
take without having to worry
about finding a way to make up
those extra four credits.

Speech is the only course that
has been dropped as a
requirement to graduate and this
change does apply to students
who are Freshmen this year.

As a result of the speech
requirement being abolished, a
student will be able to take one
more elctive than he normally
would be able to take. to fill the
three credit hours that the speech
requirement had previously
occupied.

This means the student will be
able to take a course of his own
choosing instead of being made to
take a speech course which he
may not even want to take.

Also, the two year Physical
Education Program is now
changed to a one year program.
However. if a student wishes to
take more than the one year of
gym,er is allowed to do so.

The initial idea of lowering the
124 credit hour requirement was
introduced nearly four years ago.

Students are, of course, still
allowed to take over the 120
credit hour requirement. The 120
la just the minimum that has been
reset.

The School of Business has allo
recently lowered their
requirement from 124 credit
hours to 120 credit hours needed
to graduate.

So far. these are the only two
Schools that have changed their
policy.

Afro-

 

; 

  

 

UniVersi-ty Creates

by Gary Brown

Editor's Note: Due to exams and intercession, the University
student body has remained largely ignorant of the actual
circumstances in the establishment of an Afro-American Studies
Department a! this University.

The ASP has attempted to reconstruct the complex scenes afevente
involved from November 1968 through to January 13 and continuing
now. '

In November. the Black Student Alliance submitted a plan thut
would establish a 200 level Afro-American history course. The plan
went to Dr. Paul Miwa. Assistant Vice-President for Academic Affairs,
who had been in close communication with the BSA. To quote
President Collins, “The general reassurance and encouragement he
gave to students was construed by them to mean that the course was
moving toward approval through regular channels."

From November until Friday, January 10. the proposal eat on a
desk in the Administration Building and no explanation has been
offered as to why. As far as can be established, the student body knew
nothing of it, nothing was communicated to the BSA about it. and
President Collins knew nothing about it until Friday. January 10.

The request for this course did not go through the regular
machinery of faculty committees, departmental review in the College
of Arts and Sciences, and the Faculty Senate. However, it was
directed to responsible officials and no inlative was taken.

Though he knew nothing about it until January, President Collins
himself has assumed full responsibility “for this breakdown in
communication."

On Friday, January 10, a group of BSA students met with Dr. lea
and President Collins. It was then that they and President Collim
found out _what had happened.

In the time between November and January, the BSA had prepared
a three point plan, one point of which they presean to President
Collins.

It seemed to them that they were being deceived, and that pressure
would have to come from somewhere to restore the lost iniative on
their supposedly approved program.

Their plan called for three committments:

l. The establishment of a 200 level, three hour count In
Afro-Amman history for the Spring, 1969 rem-nor.

2. The ombllrhmem, by Full, 1969, of I program in Afro-American
Studies offered by a department of thlt name.

3. The ndminlon of 300 non-white and mlnority group nudontn In
the fall of 1969.

The group from BSA told President Collins that he should review
and consider their proposals over the weekend. They would return on
Monday for his decision, but he would either have to approve or
refuse, for they did not consider the plan negotiable.

That afternoon, President Collins “set about doing what I could to
get the matter back into normal faculty channels. to accelerate action
to make up for a serious administrative oversight, and try to salvage
the unhappy situation."

This involved a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Faculty
Senate which reafﬁrmed “the general plans concerning the
Afro-American Studies Program as a whole.” and endorsed “in
principle the course in Afro-American history.”

Continued on Page 5

    

THE BOOKSTORE BECAME a hot spot on campus thh melt n

students flocked In to buy texts for the new saunter. 0n new
feature has been added~A delayed 5% refund.

  

Friday February7.l969

American Dept  

   
   

   
   
  

  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
      

    
    
    
   
   
     
   
  
  
 
 
   
   
    
    
    
    
   
    
    
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
     
      
   
  
  
  
 
 
 

{N xix? . .

