Imam manna-mass : ' . i

O verwhelmed By New Paltz,
Great Danes Defeated 8-2

The Albany State soccer team suffered its fourth loss of the season this past Wednesday when they were
defeated by New Paltz by a score of 8-2. The Bill Schieffelin coached team has yet to win after thier

opening season win over Boston College.

The booters were once again overpowered before they had a chance to pose a threat as New Paltz opened
a commanding lead and then began substituting freely.

Jim Sheer recorded both goals
for the Great Danes as he kicked
the ﬁrst of two into the nets
unassisted and recorded ,, the
second one with an assist by Phil
Kahn.

While the team has displayed a
propensity for scoring so far this
year, their defense has proven
somewhat porous as they have
given up eighteen goals in the five
games that they have played so far
this year.

In contrast to last year when
they were able to register only
eight goals for tire entire season,
the soccermen have already
kicked eleven balls into the nets.

Unfortunately, however, their
defense has proven unable to
prevent the opponents from
scoring.

The Great Danes next match is
against the State University
College at Plattsburgh tomorrow.
The hooters will be attempting to
record their second win of the
season and will be seeking to
break their two game loss streak.

I_ Notice j

The election of AMIA officers
for the present year will take
place this Monday and Tuesday.
October 21 and 22 in the Campus
Center Main Lobby from 10 a.m.
to 2 p.m.

All men in the university who
have paid their student tax are
eligible to vote.

 

Taxing

Questions

  

Tomorrow

   

 

 

ocrossa 22. 1968

VOL. LV N04 1’ ALBANY, NEW YORK

SENATE HOPEFULS FACE STUDENTS
O’Dwyer’s Goal 1 Peace Javits.’ His Own Man

by Vii: LOOP" staff reporter I: '
, . . , _ _ , y Nancy Durish and In rid Hansen
Paul O Dwyer, Democratic Senatorial Candidate, called the war in Vietnam a disaster Jacob Javits the New York Repubucan cungidxne for reelection to the senate on a

m H 81308011 GIVE“ 0“ Fridﬂ)’. Ocmhel‘ 18 in the new tlym- tour through the Capitol District Friday, addressed a group of student here.
He stated that when the New Yorl: Times describes him as a one issue candidate, he The crowd, composed mosuv or O'Dwyer supporters was commended by Jar/its for

demonstrating its spirit. Commenting on the functional architecture, Senator Javits called

 
  

< warm “vu‘imﬁa Mv~\,w om“.

answers “That‘s the surest tlting you have ever heard. I
According to O'Dwyer, unless the war is ended we can't solve the problems of the “u. University uRuckefenerxﬁ monument to history v

Javits noted what he believed to be the three most important issues: Vietnam,
tranquility in the cities, and the economic situation.

He noted his special appeals to President Johnson to end the bombing of North

cities, poverty, education, civil rights, etc. because we won't have enough money.
O'Dwyer lashed out at former Alabama Gov. George Wallace, \lnllact- has found ti

THE ALBANY STATE harriers overwhelmed the New Paltz squad in
recording their ﬁrst shutout of the year. Photo bv Cantor

Harriers Gain Shutout-
Seven Men Cross Line

By Don Beavers
Following a highly competitive This
meet with Boston State Saturday,
the Albany State Harriers relaxed
somewhat Wednesday in
registering an easy win over New
Paltz. The victory was the teams
first shutout this year as they
took the first seven places, with
the final score Albany 15, New
Paltz 50.
Highlighting the win were the .
, simultaneous finishes of Paul Roy, 0
i,‘ Pat Gepfert, and Larry Frederick.    U d f t d-
These three, all of whom will be 1 n e  e
, returning next year, were clocked
in a good tim e of 28‘06" and
were followed closely by
cocaptians Don Beevers and
George Rolling both of whom

home in the most unlikely places, he said. He then cited sortie facts about Alabama.

Alabama has the highest rate of murder,amongtlic lowest workman's compensation,
unemployment benefits, in per capita
for education and has no minimum wage. lle doubted
if Wallace would get the 25% of New York 's vote as
the polls indicate.

Nixon was also lambasted for saying that dissent
would be allowed in his administration. O'Dwyer said
is not his to bchold

 

Vietnam altogether its the first stop to negotiations.
mom-’3' III: also recommended the inclusion of the National
Liberation Front in the South Vietnamese elections,

and stressed the fact that the United States must be

 

willing to accept the results of such elections, even if
they were not favorable to our side.

Colgate team recently In introducing the issuc of “law and order" Javits

destroyed the likes of Cornell and
should proved an extremely
competitive race for the Great
Dane runners. Munsey's squad is
nearing the peak of their
conditioning and an impressive
showing here could be the
highlight of the season.

that. "The question of dissent

, , immediately ruled otit (icorvc \l’allncc as 'l racist.
or bestow." ll Nixon bccami- Prcstdciit, there would ' i’ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘

Referring to law cnforccmt-nt during riots. Javits

 

be a great deal of disscnt and Wl' would be proud of , ,
_ _ stated that the riots and looting are problems that

involvc dccp social implications. Howcvcr, the truth
must be faced, and the fact is that a looter breaks the

It
O'Dwyer also spokc about lllt' ncu' politics. He
stated that lie was responding to the youth of the

THE SOCCER TEAM was unable to contain New Paltz's offense as

they pushed across eight goals. PM", by Cam”

F rosh Runners Defeat
New Paltz Victim, 21-35

By Tony Cantore

I ' law. No matter how sympathetic we may be with the
country. I‘hc youth oi today arc more concerned

over the next ll years than tlic last 20. O'Dwyer urged
that 18 year olds be given the vote

Some facts about the convention were also
mentioned. He was proud of the fact that the 190
delegates from N.\'. to the convention cast all of its
votes to eliminate racism and the unit rule in the
Democratic party. He was pleased that the New
Yorkers voted 148-42 for the Peace Plank.

O'Dwyer felt that althouin Eugene McCarthy was
not nominated it was still a good and worthwhile

riotcr's reasons, justice must be dispensed.

IIc strongly endorsed the Iierncr [tr-port on 'ivil
Disorders, which he feels the present administration
has not taken into account.

Javits mentioned his role in the passage of the
“Safe Streets and Crime Control Act" and noted this
was just a beginning in regard to wiiat must still be
don c. He favors modernization of police training and
equipment, and is interested in attracting more highly
educated peoplc into law enforcement fields.

In dealing with the urban crisis, Javits feels that-the

contributed a remarkable
performance. While covering the
track in the time of 18:46, he not

The freshmen cross country
team defeated New Paltz frosh
here last Wednesday to register

DefenseUnscoredUpon

By Dave Fink

finished in the time of 28:34.
Rounding out the first seven were
Paul Breslin and Jim
Mastrotnarchi who were separated
from teammates Tom Mills, Bill
Meehan, and Jon Herbst only by
New Paltz‘s first man, Jim Longo.
The outcome of the 5 mile race
was never in doubt as the gold
shirted Albany runners surged

APA and KB squared off
Tuesday in what proved to be a
key game in the fight for League I
intramural football honors. Last
Friday APA defeated UFS to up
their record to 2-0.

APA received the kickoff but
KB intercepted on the second
play from scrimmage. An

KB received the kickoff but
could not maintain a sustained
drive. An APA pass, however, was
intercepted by Barry I’oletick of
Beta. It seemed as if KB didn't
want the ball either as one of its
passes was intercepted by Bob
Wood. Wood then caught a long
pass but another pass was then
intercepted, this time by Dave

their third victory.

According to Coach Munsey,
this was by far the best
performance of the year for the
team.

On a day with the weather ideal
and the track in excellent shape
the Albany State frosh coasted to

only ﬁnished first but registered
the eighth best time ever recorded
on the Albany State course.
Dennis easily outdistanced the
rest of the field and never had any
serious competition for the lead.
He covered the 3.5 mile course in
over a minute faster than any of
the other runners and never was
pushed or he might have exceeded

year. It was it year when problems
could be discussed openly, when
the people could decidtI foreign
policy and when we couldn't quit.
O’Dwyer supported the actions
of N.Y., Calilornia, Wisconsin,
New Hampshire. and Julian
Bond’s Georgia delegation at the
convention.
l,800 at it rally held for him in “is speech was

cont., n.3,

 

by Arlene Rosenberg
Faith Evans, the Troy civil
rights worker involved in a civil

O‘DWYER SPOKE T0 about

interrupted

Faith Evans Calls

For Participation

administration, has received much
financial aid for his legal expenses

        

' oto v court.
SENATOR JAVITS
EXPLAINED his views on three

- hange of interceptions one by -
into the lead enmass t th exc v - ’ . ~ 3" easy "cm'y~ The Sin” '
i opening gun. Conﬁzeti 0: Betas Sal Villa, gave KB the ball Benedict. KB tried to even the harden. oumm New Paul and h's “"9 Performance- the gym, Photo by Cantor cont.,p.3. liberties case, spoke before from sympathetic persons. . ,
‘ victory they ran a relaxed “we :tldm'dgeld‘ The Alpha defense some through a late drive' but placed the ﬁrst three runners Albany also received good ihlL‘I’L‘SWd “Udcmh in“ He said he WUUld E0 to jail issues confrontmgihe "anon-
“ ' fourth down. KB‘s time ran out. - - - , Wud x-d n oun' white tomorrow thou 1h if th t ' -
, and were never h H e a" on . I which insured the Victor . From erformances from Paul Holmes R  0 d L n” “y u y L ' L ' a “me
, their outclassed Op:°:e:;g9d by Punter was trapped behind the APA moved qutckly at the start the beginning of the rice the End Lou Wittig who finished 8  s  people's involvement with the money would go to some other Tlener Chosen
I I t of the second ha”. Fine running . problems or me black ghetto, black person in a situation not as To Deliver

‘— .

‘ M MA A;

Albany’s record now stands at
six wins and one loss. This
Saturday the Harriers travel to
Hamilton, New York to take on
the highly touted Colgate varsity.

I... .... ._
l
I
t

For Women Only

line of scrimmage. APA took over
and on first down, quarterback
Gary Torino threw a touchdown
pass to shifty Lance Brofsky. The
conversion attempt failed
and Alpha led 6-0 at the quarter

 

 

The WRA intramural program
is to begin with volleyball and
bowling, both meeting for the
ﬁrst time next week. Rosters have
all been turned in and team
members and captains should be

by Q8 Torino led to a touchdown
pass to Brofsky. The extra point
was made and Alpha led 13-0.
Beta received the ensuing kickoff
but lost the ball on another
interception by Wood. Woody
promptly made his offensive
presence felt by catching a TD
pass from Torino to make the
score 19-0. KB tried to get onto
the scoreboard but could not.

frosh moved out in front and were
never seriously headed for the
first three positions.

Again, as in the past, they were
hampered by a lack of depth.
After registering the first three
they did not place a man until the
seventh spot.

The final score was Albany
State 21 and New Paltz 35.

second in 19:53 and third in 20
minutes and I second
respectfully. The next start for
the frosh is October 19 at Colgate.

 

 

Export
RACKET RESTRINGING
Tennis~Squash
(“ ‘icc ofFinest Natural until

 

 

C . . He was sponsored by SDS and
an l  the Student-Faculty Committee
for Equal Opportunity.

Evans' main point was tltut all
people in tl position to do so
should become actively involved
in helping the pcoplc trapped in
the ghetto.

Evans, sentenced to six months
in jail for obstructing government

0n Tax,

Central Council and its Political
Concerns Committee will each
offer referendums to Utiivorsity
students. The referendums. which
will take place this week,
Ocotoher 23, 2d, and 25 in the
Main Lounge of the Campus
Center, will deal with the qucsiton
of it mandatory student, fee, a

The referendum on the USS.
Pueblo states that the United
States should apologizc to North
Korea for violation of their
territorial waters, whether the

violation exists oi not, in order to
Pueblo' 8 release

facilitate the

publicized us his.

Evans spoke for an hour and a
half on varied subjects and
allowed time at the end for
questions. The statement he made
which brought forth the most
comments, was his non-stand on
Vietnam.

Contrary to Eldridge Cleaver,
whom he admires very much,
Evans doesn't care if black people
are drafted and sent to Vietnam,

Address 0n UN

Fred J. Tickner, professor of
political science and clean,
Graduate School of Public Affairs,
will give the eleventh annual
Faculty Lecture at the University
on October 23. The lecture will
take place in the Campus Center
Ballroom beginning at 8 p.m.
Professor Tickner's topic will be

by Leslie King This [fume W113 “mph? Widen“ D "ms “Mike” “L'an midi/'0” Gms_uu—L_" 6'1307— Presidential preference poll and a or EhOUL their dellth
3:;ﬁEAbZLlibl:EBCORH'dfmdLLTe statement of policy concerning He is more concerned with the “The ‘Uhiled Nhtim‘s: A
' y u” ye 0 the Pueblo incident. black Person dymit in the L’hhuo Reapprmsul',

night onOctober 2. The main
interest was shown in volleyball,
basketball, and slimntistics. The
gym will be opened for another
WRA night next Wednesday from
7‘1] p.m. Again, the volleyball

lose after three games. They have
racked up 76 points and their
defense hasn’t allowed any
scoring.

In their game against Upsilon

doodles

was NEW 5.. was???

View!

The student fees referendum
will register student support of a
mandatory student fee. If
enacted, the policy will go into
effect next semester with a

of a rat bite, of tuberculosis,
without manhood or pride.

He even felt it was it good thing
that they go to Vietnam, because
these are the people, like the ones
who returned from Korea, who

Last year Professor ’I‘ickner was
invited by the UN Institute for
Training and Research to take
piirt iii the First Asian Foreign
Service Course, held in the
Philippines. lie is the author of

. adkyized shortly of games net Will be set up in the tlUXlllury Emilil‘lgmad‘ir/ltlifi llrpllcd u: an pussihlu “.ducum, of u“. mug-cm H” ‘
v sc e uled. Volleyballl teams will gym; Gym C Will be opened for the  I”! Y‘, Lit  its  ummlm “$28.75 will demand um] he”, bringubnm t‘wo books, I Ipchnical
be arranged into two leagues. basketball players; um squash y “L” L‘ “'X "‘1‘ “WW” The Presidential preference poll it change in the present system. (4 0 0 ’Pv“ I h t I  h h h d
“Administration in the New

  
   
 

League I will meet for games on
Tuesday nights from 6:30 to 8:00
p.m. and League II on Thursdays
at the same time. Bowling will
begin Saturday, October 26, from
1-3 p.m. All potential bowlers
should attend to establish
handicaps.

A fair number of
showed up for the first

people
WltA

   

courts will be reserved along with
one handball court for paddle
ball; Slimnastics will he held in
the dance studios; and the pool
will be opened after 8:00 p.m. for
co-ed swimming.

Immediately preceding the
activities a General Council
meeting will he held in the WRA
office at 6:80.

Lance Brufsky was on the
receiving and of four of the passes
giving him a total of eight
touchdowns for the year.

In other action, this past wee
the Nails and Waterbury played to
a scoreless tie. Neither team was
able to mount enouin offense to
push the hall across the goal
although the Nads were oti the
goal line when the game ended.

Foreign 8 Domestic

 

wCMd— Sea—flu
. For Information-459.9010
  Thruway Motor Inn.

Washington Ave.

 

 

 

will enable students to register
their support for ii candidate for
President, as Well as for New York
State Senator. Students will be
able to vote for Richard Nixon,
litilnirt llumphrey, George
Wallace, orapostion that states in
effect that “i cannot support any
of these."

There will also be a poll for
Senatorial preference, including

 

FAITH EVANS STATED that he has received ﬁnancial gifts for his
legal expenses resulting front his conviction of obstructing government
administration. Photo by Steiner

Jacob Javita, Paul O'Dwyer, and
Buckley

James

 

7, cesarer ,

 

 

Peoplc argues with Evans,
bringing up thc poitit that the
some political structure that is
killing black pciiplc In Vietnam is
killing them in the ghettos, too.

He said the people in the
ghettos are not even ready to
think about Vietnam; they are too
concerned with the problem of
survival. Evans wants to bring
them to the point where they can
even think about Vietnam as an
issue.

Nation."

'l‘ickncr holds ii Bachelor of
Arts, Master of Arts. and Bachelor
of Literature from Balliol College,
Oxford University. He was
directro of traitiing for the British
Civil Service for three years and
deputy director of the Division
for Public Administration at the
United Nations from 1952 to
1062. prior to joining the Albany
faculty.

ataétw~wm1
. t e r

a}!

 

3
I

