 

 

 

 

 

2.1"! n .. .

 

 

 

I“..- .Q . . .rih _.    _

 

‘1‘.'-‘ ‘

I’ :Fli purely 'academie studies and prdessional
I . ‘W‘uﬂ' ion b0-'

imam, .
progrme. ‘ﬂp‘rn out dogmas

, tween’ pure and npplied ‘reieareh, between general and _,

The Merle for flammability-Vii“. ill! lild-  Rés‘demwwoueyea‘“.

specialised study should bedisc‘arded;

elation ‘of professional and academic studies, andthe,
relationship between pure and applied, research, sug- ‘ ,
gests 'that- a - central concern of the university should be,
the broad issues of social and political policy at what-
ever level. Our assessment of the'human condition
in our times indicated that the university should en-
courage involvement, both of students and faculty,
in the basic problemslconfrontingsociety, such as:v
Food (supply, air and water, pollution,,racial justice,

urban.~conpestion, y-povertyrf peace and other lanes. "

it will,- .of-.-couree, require a- great ..deal ofwisdorn
to identify the proper rold of the university in con-
frontlng -such issues. Primarily, it should be a place
where the most fundamental aspects of such problem

can be considered, free from the pressure of immediate
practicaidecisions.

fine of the clearest statements at our purposes and

s was provided by Professor Audrey Kouval,'and- '-

goal
is reproduced here with only slight modification:

The university is the human institution designed
to serve human needs, and in each age the great univer-
sities have influenced not only their own society but
the.deveiopment of mankind to the extent in which
they have been sensitive to the needs of their historic
place and moment.“ ‘ ' '

in the same way, we feel that the University at Albany
should ’meet and develop the challenge oi newand es-
sentially unique conditions rather than attempt to imi-
tate'models’ from the past, however prestigious, or to
copy existing institutions, however successful. Our
broad obligations may be broken down into four areas,
the. demands of which may sometimes appear to be
conflicting: _ ‘

i. The need of human society as a whole

2. The requirements oi the community in which we
find ourselves
a. The capacities and goals of the students who come
to us "
4. The commitment we set ourselves. to pure inves-
tigation and inquiry as an end in itself.
This is not to say that we should incorporate nothing
from the past, nor learn anything from contemporary
experiment; it is simply to state that our prime task is
to discover our identity and reformulate the purposes
of the university.

in

EXISTENTIAL FRNIIIEWORK FOR PLANNING

In planning the undergraduate program on the Albany
campus, we have tried to take cognizance of a number
of facts drawn from our New York state situation as
well as our pasition within the State University,and have
also found it necessary to make explicit several fun-
damental assumptions of a material and historical na-
ture. ’

Community collegesdn New York State, there is
already " able ‘ r " upon “v col-
leges and cognate institutions to provide the first two
years of undergraduate education. At present,it is claim-
ed that as many as fifty per cent of those entering col-
lege go to a two year institution. This means that Al-
bany will receive substantial numbers of transfer stu-
dents. Present indlcations are that approximately fifty
per cent of the undergraduate student body will be in
the upper division. This fact suggests the desirability
of treating the first two years of the student's educa-
tion as a relatively distinct element. It also means
that the number of prerequisites to be taken at the fresh-
man and sophomore level for entry into the major
should be kept to a minimum.

Quality 0/ Freshman. The academic qualiﬁcations
of entering freshmen will probably continue to rise.
For example, applications for the fall of 1967 were
more than forty per cent ahead of the previous year,
and the number admitted will increase only approxi-
mately ten per cent. However, it should also be ob-
served that men are in the majority among transfer
students.

The improving quality of the freshman class raises
serious doubts about the propriety of honors programs
at that level. it would probably be more desirable to
emphasize independent study and flexibility for all of
the students.

Howling. The Albany University will not be able to
provide on-campus housing for all undergraduates in
the foreseeable future. The percentage of commuting
students has dropped in recent years, and now stands
at about ten per cent. The undergraduate student body
will be divided, in order of size, into on-campus stu-
dents, off-campus students in various kinds of facili-
ties, and commuting students. For several years, at
least, the on-campus students will be divided between
the old and new campuses. No long-range policy now
exists for determining which students should live on-

 . .. a. v  ALBANY ‘s’rdoénrgensss

 

I campus. facilities woulde adequate :to'supporta policy, 'I

of housingall- freshmen and sophomores on the. new
_elmw-..~ .. v - - ' -~ w  l . . I.

men-ahdsophomores should be academic rather-than

" residuum, A-thorough restructuring of the lower,

division, as" described. in this'l’r'eport, should make it,

-'. possible for, the student to identify with‘his academic

pregram ‘ more completely-When it is nowpossibie.
The number of courses should be drastically reduced
for freshmen and sophomores. An emphasis upon in-
terdisciplinary courses with large blocks of time,rather
than two and three credit hour courses, should help
to achieve this'result. The main objective is to engage.

v the student in cooperation‘with- representative faculty .

in a_ significant intellectual adventure. The academic
program should .be’designed in such a way that students

‘ have an opportunity to know a few 'fa‘culty rather‘ well.

Existing residential college plans tend, of necessity,
to be narrow in-concept and do not adequately manage
the tension between liberal education and specialization.

The majority of our students come to a large unl-
versity in quest of. ‘a cosmopolitan sophisticated uni-
versity experience} One which ‘will- maximize their ‘
range of‘ choice, both academic 'and non-academic. The,
confines of a small paternalistic collegevwhich care-
fully groups and supervises students, while not wholly
a romantic' hold-over from the past, is not the first
option” of a'university preparing to be post-modern.
The problem of impersonality in large universities
is real but we attempt to meet it in ways other than
the tight structuring of the personal lives of our stu-
dents.

The individuai should have freedom of choice re-
garding his living arrangements in the- same manner
that he should choOse from a variety of modelsoi
learning on the Albany campus. The positive effects
upon students produced by thOse institutions which
have residential colleges are not clearly documented.
in fact, the residential college does not appear to meet
the needs of the mobile, transnational man of the
2lst Century. If the modern university is to bathe
leader of society, we would envision the student of the
future spending less time per year “in residence"
and increasing amounts of time in the national and
international “community,” as well as in the privacy
of his home. given projected developments in trans-
portation, communications and educational technological
media. His "trips" to campus will be of shorter dura-
tion and involvement. He will also have greater oppor-
tunity for involvement in the affairs of his local com-
munity. it is possible and probable that the university
residence ball will become the antithesis of the resi-
dential college, and will be likened to an academic
youth hostel. _ . .

There are also pragmatic reasons for rejecting
the residential college concept. The task of recruit-
ing large numbers of highly qualified faculty who want
to live in residence appears to be difficult. The rest-
dential college would seem to be a step backwards in
an attempt to encourage an artificial living environ-
ment.

Continuity of residence has always been a major
factor in the success of a residential college; how-
ever, this is no longer possible in the 20th century.
We live in an age of mobility and discontinuity. Con-
temporary students are on the move; they change
majors, transfer, get married, go abroad, and punctu-
ate their formal studies with a wide variety of off-
campus experiences. Only about half of the entering
freshmen in American higher education will complete
undergraduate studies in four years.

The conclusion not to establish residential colleges
as the dominant rnmlus opc’rulmli for this university
does not necessarily preclude the establishment of
some residential colleges for special reasons or ex-
perimental purposes, as for example an international
quadrangle.

IV.

SOME GUIDING PRINCIPLES

At several sessions, particularly in the beginning
and at the end, the committee tried to formulate and
make explicit the fundamental principles underlying
this report. Each of these could easily be treated in
a separate essay, and they are enumerated here in
only summary fashion, and not even in order of im-
portance.

1. lifllflItI'f’

The university of the mid-twentieth century is under
enormous pressure from what Professor Kenneth Gal-
braith has called the "techno-structure." The two main
sources of financial support for higher education are
government and industry (including foundations). Even
the church-related and independent colleges and univer-
sities are in some respects public. Tuition, fees and
private gifts are no longer adequate, and very few
institutions depend upon these alone. One consequence
of the new fiscal relationship is that universities have
become extremely responsive to the demands of their
benefactors, which are, indeed, in many cases also the
demands of their student clientele. The majority of

primary ifhonle'," fresh-I '

\

students still come to college in order to prepare for: . '
, a specialized andor technical role in.society. , .r r. ,
. The university:isl not only committed, to providing
I "trained ‘personnel,'.’- built. is also under-great pres-

sure 'to'- provide ‘ the ~research and development neces-’

sary in the'artsysciences, technology and administra-
tion-Even ‘those institutions-which in the past were
primarilyuconcerned with the quality.oi human life
and-existence, are now inundated by practical demands
which they have come to serve with remarkable suc.
cess. it is a long way from the thz/lcnpao/ Song to
the Manhattan project. The Undergraduate Committee
was wholeheartedly agreed on the principle that the
university must notonly meet these demands but must
also find a way of balancing individual, private, humane
needs. it must also assist students invfinding ways
‘of deriving personifi's'atisfactioni’and ‘av meaningfulpri-
vate existence within the requirements alga mass-
media - technologically '-. oriented society. in a sense,
the university has‘the enormous task of serving two
masters. it was our view that we should not sacrifice
one set of demands for the other, and that while we ad-
vance specialized study and research at the highest pro.
fessional level in the artsand sciences, that we also
advance general education in the liberal arts and take
seriously the art of living well and the purpOses for
which men live and, die. Although this problem is an-
cient, it has never been felt with greater urgency than
at this‘time in human evolution. . .
2. Transnationalism

The university is an international, or, as we prefer
to say, a transnational institution. Teaching in the dis-
ciplines should transcend national boundaries both as to
content and method. Students should be enabled to live
in a world which is "rapidly becoming a village."
The international dimension of academic activity was
stressed at nearly every major point in our delibera-
tions.

it is hoped that by 1970, five per cent of our student
body will be international and that by 1975 it might
rise to ten per cent. This would call for a substantial
expansion in the office of the international student
advisor and other supporting offices. .

international education programs should'be greatly
expanded and four types are suggested.

A, Programs of study abroad for those directly in—

volved in language-based disciplines. This could in-
clude students not only in the languages, but also in
such disciplines as history, politics, geography, and
other areas of study where the knowledge of a second
language is necessary.'lt is hoped that such students
could be sent abroad in substantial numbers. For ex-
ample, we regard it as essential that every student
preparingto teach language Should Study abroad.

B. Study and research abroad for those in a non-
language based discipline but which necessitates go-
ing abroad for materials or to study particular prob-
lems (e.g., geology, hydrology, archaeology, anthropol-
ogy). In this category we would encourage us many
students as we can to go abroad.

C. Service programs abroad. These might be under
national and international government auspices such as
AID, World Bank, Peace Corps, UNESCO and would
relate mainly to developing areas.

D. international general education. Six months abroad
for upwards of fifty per cent of our students to further
their general education and enrichment. This program
could be somewhat similar to those of Stanford and
Lake Erie. A quarter or three-three system would
make it even more feasible.

The Committee urges the establishment of a research
center for area studies at Albany which would lend sup-
port to these international activities. We should ulsotnke
advantage of the regional offices of SUNY which are be-
ing established in different parts of the world.

The Committee also supports the idea of establish-
ing an international residential quadrangle to house stu-
dents who are primarilyinvoivedinthe study of languages
and language-based disciplines. Apartments should alsobe
made available for visiting international professors.

(The above recommendations were drawn from the
deliberations of the Area Studies Advisement CommiL
tee of the College of Arts and Sciences, minutes of
meeting of December l2, 1967.)

3. [I'lthl'l'bl'U/l/

We postulated that society would continue to undergo
rapid changes, and that the university must, thorclnrc,
be able to accommodate “.50” to new developments,
often with inadequate lend time, as in the early Pedro
Corps programs; that it be open to innovation and ex.
periment, not only in curriculum and progrumofstudics,
but also in the administration and management of its own
affairs.

4. (Juntmli/y n/ I/u' Slut/('11,

The central focus in undergraduate education is still
the student, and we agreed that we should attempt to
maximize the area of student choice within a broad
academic framework and to regard the student as an
adult with the primary responsibility for his own do-
velopment. One consequence of this principle is u grout
emphasis upon independent study, as will become evi-
dent elsewhere in this report.

, W

. u \‘
, .

5.Im1uiry..a . A, . e _ — V .. ., . I

The, -.various programs 'of study as well as teaching '
methods should stress discovery and rediscdveryﬁhe
broadening and heightening of curiosity and the active
pursuit of knowledge no' matter where it. may lead.
Evenin 'ou'r secondary function as a transmitter ,of

accumulated knowledge; we should organize the learning ,
experience so as to stressthe spirit and requirements, ;.

of the process of inquiry. .
a. ﬂreotivify I I

Although this notion has been overworked in recent
educational literature, it is nonetheless relevant. it
is especially pertinent to the question "who is a good
student?" Our own response is not formulated in terms
of grades,‘credits.and examinations, butthrough creative

activity whether in the arts, sciences,-or the affairs .

of man. llow Original, inventive, independent is the stu-
dent in using, applying, diseovering, making, and doing

'1. Relevance

Although the university should continue to provide
somu ivory towers and make provision for study and
research which seem to have no practical relevance
at a given time, the bulk of the‘unlversity's under-

raduate activity should relate directly to the exis-‘

tentiai world. it should assess and define the needs
of society, and relate its activities to the market place,
to questions of political ideologies and religion, to gov-
ernment, and to voluntary organizations of all descrip-
tions. in short, the relevance of the university is not
only to the needs of the "techno-structure}! but also
to all aspects of human existence. '

Educational Te cllnofoqz'm

We agreed that the new media and educational tech-
nologies should be used freely and with frequency, but
always in the best interest of the student and not the
business office. We took a positive approach to the
new‘e'ducational technologies which we see primarily
as a means of enhancing and maximizing professorial
talents and improving instruction. Without question, we
rank at the top of instructional methodology the person-
al contact between professor and student; however, we
must also take into account that there is and will be
a shortage of professors for the foreseeable future.
it is important that we do not waste the professor by
using him to perform inferior tasks which can he ade-
quately achieved through mechanical innovation. Our
guidingprinciplo, hers is that we do not meclmnize the
teacher when a gadget is available, and that we take care
to use the human teacher where only a human contact
can do the job. We recognize that many functions can
be performed adequately and often betterhy moderntech-
nology. It is no longer necessary, for example, to have
an instructor drilling students in phonetics when language
laboratories are available. imparting facts and data can
also he done by various technological techniques, and many
other functions of teaching can be done by new devices.

9- Er/ucat imml Plum/ism

In order to increase the student's freedom and his
range of choices, we agreed that we would provide at
least two or more paths for every major educational
goal. If the student is to be regarded as anndult,
then he should have the opportunity to make his own
educational choices wherever possible — especially
at the undergraduate level. The principle of educational
pluralism is analogous to the I‘an'ept ofvonsumcr choice
in classical economic theory.

10. Sr'pumfiun 0/ lg'mI/uu/irm from Ins/rur-llun

Closely related to the ideas of flexibility and inde-
pendent study is the conviction that the system of eval-
uation, course credits, grades and other related mat-
ters need to be raised to a higher plane. in broad out-
line, the views of the Committee are as follows:

1. Evaluation of student achievement through :1 var.
iety of devices in addition to conventional exam-
inations; c.g., creative works, performances, dis-
sertations, original papers, ct. «'ctcra.

. Evaluation of student achievement by larger units
or fields of study.

. Die-emphasis of courses and course credits.

An external system of evaluation, not necessarily

course by course, in which the evaluation would

be made by qualified persons who did not actually
teach the student.

. Credit by examination, whether through the agency
of established organizations, such as ETS or n
SUNY/t office of evaluation.

:0

.Au
e

at

11. TM (It'ill/t'lllit‘ ('U/r’lir/tll‘

The perfect onloudur may oxiat an n platonic ideal,
but we doubt it. We oxumlnod various alternatives and
found that onrh find its spot-ml imperfections. The ulti-
mate choice is on exercise in tho rcconcllintionand unm-
promine of lesser evils. Despite these counsels ofpessl-
mism, tho (‘mmnlttou was pleasantly surprised to find
that it could agree and reach ununimity with a mini-
mum of debate. A substantial debt is owed one of our
members who did exhaustive research on the subject
and loft lid with a stock of comprehensive documenta-
tion.

We do not regard this report as the proper place to
dwell on details of curriculum and administration, much

new uneasiness. - - Z.’

less on: such a'knotty question as choice of calendar

' which cani‘easily' fragment an academic community. we r

merely record a few sentiments asguldelines for subse-
quent deliberation. in our judgment the most significant
priority in choosing a calendar is to fihd one which

would Inaximizelour flexibility so that the various-
. patterns suggested? in this study‘ could be‘more readilyu
implemented. When' looked at 'in this pel'spectivs,'the'

semester system seems to be the ‘most rigid.

The committee, therefore, recommends that we invesg .

tigate the adoption of a three-quarter system or some
variation such as the three-three. in effect, this means
retaining the academic year as we have it at present;
dividing it, however, into three parts instead of two.
We leave open the .questlon of establishing a full sum-
mer 'quarter which remains as a possibility.

The three—quarter system‘ enables us to provide
courses both of shorter and longer duration. it makes
it possible for students to take a quarter off for work,
other types of experience, internships, et cetera. it
is also of great utility in increasing the mobility of
faculty so that they may do research, traVel, consult,
or engage in field work. The three-three system would
relieve the students of considerable pressure while also
freeing them for independent study. The latter could be
strUctured And 'put on .a credit- basis- if andwhen we

consider it desirable. - - 4 ,

The detailed disposition of this question is deferred
to the next phase of discussion and implementation.

V.

NEW AND OLD PATTERNS

The Committee disaussed a vast variety of specialized
topics, but it devoted the largest part of its efforts to
new and old patterns of undergraduate education. The
heart of our report is to be found in this Section.

After a. brief flight of fantasy during which time the
Committee almost succumbed to the malaise of most
curriculum reformers, namely to seize upon a single
monolithic plan, we recovered quickly and returned to
our basic idea of educational pluralism; Llwrc is no]
and pattern 0/ Imzlcryrarlurltz' minim/Jon, hul muny.Stu-
dents and faculty should have a broad range of choice.
Educational pluralism and flexibility emerged as firm
operational principles.

inducing educational change is a delicate matter,
and we sought to find a balance hctwocn tradition and
innovation. We agreed that there is much to be said in
justification of the existing pattern of undergraduate
education at SUNYA, and that it should not be scuttled.
0n the other hand, it should not be rigiditied and thus
constitute a barrier to additional innovations and experi-
ments. At one of our student-faculty seminars, the ques-
tion was raised, "What's wrong with our present sys-
tem?" Our reply was simple. it is good, but does not
go far enough.

Our idea of educational pluralism seeks to bring about
a harmonious relationship among a limited number of
academic subcultures. in a real sense, choice is di-
timately left to the student, and the university serves
as an educational "market-place" in which various [mi-
torns of undergraduate education may compete for the
enlightened commitment of both students and faculty.
it is the recommendation of the Committee that the edu-
cutlonnl programs of the university he deliberately struc-
tured to maximize the student's freedom of academic
actioncwlthin the university. We do not expect young stu-
dents to know precisely what pattern is best for them.
But since we are encouraging the student to experiment,
to choose among a variety of choices,th min-at nlno make
it possible for him to alter his decision from time to
time, without prejudice and with a minimum lossin time,
money, credit, or osicom.

The patterns that W(' are rct'omnuunilng at this
juncture will undoubtedly hnvo to be modified or oven
abandoned at u later date. We are, tlu-rcforc, urging
an administrativo style or posture which will accommo-
date smoothly to major social changes and facilitate
rentijustmcnts of the internal Hil‘lif‘illl‘l' of tho univer-
sity to meet new needs.

Through the centuries, the administration of higher
education has been among the most conservatich in
the western world. Despite the {nut that In lil'lifIi'IliIll
we are supposed to live on tho inicllociunl frontlvr,
to face new ideas constantly, it n-nmins that in odor-a-
tionai administration there is n Siriiiltzt- desire in live
with nmi maintain antiquated [)rm't-tlurt-s. No Institution
has rotnincd more medieval and l‘i'lliiih‘siillt'i‘ forms than
the university, not even the ltomnn (.‘ntholit- Church.
We seem to be tethered to ntrophlcd monastic and
agrarian traditions. The (,‘ommittcc is not ndvurntlng
the nbantlnument of tiw old forms simply ilﬂf'iliitii‘ they
are old; it is merely recommending thui we lu- jlf‘i‘jlliri'ti
to make changes regularly, systematically, to grcot
all new conditions, welcome some, and ndjust to the
inuvituhle without despair.

The report of the Committee is not intended non
critique of the prevailing systmn; we were naked to
suggest new and to revise old pntivrus in order to rope.
more successfully with our milled rcsponuibilities nnd
our enlarged scope of :u'iiviiy. We urn, Index-d, recom-

mending that the present pattern of undergraduate edu-

cation be retained.,i.e., the continuance of university ,
_ College with its presentxreguirementsand, ,dm'i ’ stra

tiveietructu're, and also the system otupperlevel’

partmentai major, and second field-sequences. both,in' ;' '
the General and Teacher Education Programs. students ' “
and faculty presently committed _ to ‘.the ‘ existing pattern . y
can continue-"business as'norm'ali" But 'whilewe recom- .

mend retaining University College, we also wishtouse.

it as a foundation upon which to build. We are, therefore;  4

 

 

recommending five additional patterns, several of which , 3

can be regarded as innovations or experimental programs-..

The. Three—Year ifastcr’s.We store the premise; . 

held by many educators and students of contemporary.
American society, that the goal of universal high school
education is in process of be‘ingreplaced by'twoyeare '

, of junior and‘community college, or ‘equivalenta'l-‘urth-mz.

ermore, we‘ recognize that the' explbsioh of knowledge
in all the~arte and sciences, the' added requirements of
specialized training, and the'demands made by contem-
porary concepts of citizenship and co'mplexity’of modern
life require additional time and energy of the student
and a rationalization of old procedures. We therefore.
recommend that serious students be given the oppor-
tunity_to lntegrate,what is’now conventionally known

as the junior and senior year With the one year master’s '
» into a unified and coherent three-year program, culmin-

ating in a master's degree. whether the master's is'
to be regarded as a graduate degree or a redefined

undergraduate degree is at this point a moot question. ‘-
We urge that the State University at Albanyprovide"

the opportunity to large numbers of students to work'

straight through to a master’s degree by three years ‘

of study beyond the sophomore level. The faculty should

examine during the next decades the possibility of even.- 

tually phasing out the bachelor's degree in selected areas.
However, the eventual status of the bachelor's degree

should not influence our evaluation of the proposed three '

year master's.

It should be made quite explicit that the Committee
is ;not suggesting that the bachelor’s degree be elimin-
ated, certainly not at this time.We are proposing a three-
year master's as a parallel option to the more conven-
tional two-year upper level program.

The three-year master's has numerous advantages, ’

and has already been adopted by Scores of universities
in the United States. it makes possible more systematic
planning of the student's program, assists in the clari-
fication of individual student goals, and in the identifica-

tion of academically talented students. it alsohelps avoid '

the overlap between conventional undergraduate educa-
tion and the first year of graduate study (at another
institution).

Tim (M nerd! Colldgc . Much time was given to the dis-
cussion of the General College, which is to be conceived
on a strikingly different model from the existing Uni-
versity College. The General College should have its own
faculty and administration, be given maximum autonomy
to determine its own curriculum and to provide for its
own self-governance with respect to faculty recruitment,
promotions, tenure and salaries. The General College
is to be primarily a two-year institution of quality, em-
phasizing the highest standards of teaching, and should
be oriented to the liberal arts and general education.
it may, at a later date, wish to consider upper level
programs in selected areas.

We see its faculty as consisting of scholars who are
great teachers, who aim at wisdom rather than, but not
opposed to, specialized knowledge. The intellectual
lineage may be mythicaiiy traced as starting with Socrates
and extending to such men nearer our own times as
Newman, Benjamin Joweti, John Stuart Mill, Alexander
Mlkeljohn, sir Richard Livingston, Sir Walter Moberly,
Carl and Mark Van Dorcn, Robert llutr-hins, llarold
Taylor, David Ricsmnn, and numerous other contempo-
raries. The General College should have a dean who is
distinguished for his broad general learning and humane
aspirations as an educator. The faculty should draw men
and women of wide experience and diverse intellectual
preparations.

it may very well include specialists who have deliber-
ately withdrawn from further specialized investigations
in order to devote themselves to the more general but
philosophical and humanistic approaches to inquiry.
We recommend that scveraldistlnguished professorships
be assigned to this facility to give it tone and a proper
amblencc. Only those professors who are outstanding
teachers should be eligible for the faculty.

Faculty members of the General College should enjoy
status in the larger university community, but their pri-
mary allegiance is to the College, nnd not to a depart-
ment. it should not be conceived as n stopping-stone
to a departmental position, nor an a mark of failure
In the specialized world of Scientific research and artis-
tic creativity. From time to time, members of the de-
partments may be offered opportunities to touch, on an
ad hoc basis, in the Gcncrnl College, but only as their
tulents and lively interests may indicate.

Administratlvcly, the General College should report
directly to the senior academic official below the presi-
dent, or, indeed, to the president. it should formulate
its own ntandurds for ttmure and promotion, independent
of the separate departments.ltshould also control its own
salary schedules, overall budget and enjoy equal material
support.

The curriculum and program ofstudies should belarge

ly determined by its own fuculty,but ina continuous forum
or dialogue with the university faculty. We foresee a

 

 

 

 

 

