 

 

. r Friday, May 10, mt A

ALBANY §TliDENT PRESS '

 

 *1 Sinnott’s' Hit Bea-ts Siena
N ' Th 'Falls To Adelph '
Jack Sinnott’s clutch single in the bottom of the eightht boosted Albany to a 5-3 come-
from-behind win over Siena last Friday. However, the Danes did not fare so well on
Saturday, as they were outscored 3-1 by Alelphi. Cas Galka went the route in the Siena
game, allowing no earned runs, yielding 5 hits and walking 3, while registering 5 strike-

outs. Tom PiotrOwski got the starting nou against Adelphi, and he and reliever Tom
Egelston both pitched well, allowing only four hits, however, the Great Danes could

by Dances tilt-n '
' Spam Editor

 

 

Since this will be my last column as sports editor,
I feel that a general overview of sports here at Albany
is in order. it seems that the Athletic Department,
under Dr. Werner’s capable direction, has made tre-
mendous strides this year. The addition of four new

 

 

.. .- a. ‘~"*‘%;“M£né&i.sm.—ewye N x .- -

clubs in one year is a sure sign that the sports pro-
gram is developing at a rate that will compliment
the continued growth in stature of the University, as
an academic institution.

0f the four new sports, only track and field is not
entirely new. Last year the club had only field events.
However, the addition of Coach Kelly has allowed this V
club to expand to include field events, and the club’s
performance this season certainly points toward var-
sity status .in the near future. Other sports initiated
this year were swimming, sailing and lacrosse. All
showed promise, but it__ was lacrosse that really caught
on. Coaches Morgan and Silvey have put together an
excellent squad, one that may finish undefeated. And
judging from the crowds the sport has attracted, la-
crosse may very well become the university's num-
ber one outdoor spectator sport. Number one until foot-
ball that is; for another important development this
year was the University Athletics Council’s report,
which called for the establishment of a football club,
in the fall of '69. Foobtall has been a long. long time
in coming, and 1 would sincerely hope.that this tenta-
tive date will be met.

New .sports are not the only indication of improve-
ment, however, for the established varsity sports must
also develop and improve. The varsity teams have had
mixed results this year, but where we Were successful,
we were very successful. In sports like cross - country
and basketball, it seems that Albany is really making
a name for itself, and from all indications there will
be no let-down in either of these sports in the near
future. The cross-country team made excellent show-
ings in the LeMoyne and Albany Invitations, and gen-
erally outclassed most of its small college opposition.
Next year Colgate will be on the schedule, and other big
schools are sure to follow. The basketball team was
outstanding; and certainly deserved the bid that never
came, but the nucleus is returning next year and chanc-
es ‘are that we might be in contention again. Needless
to say this sort of performance has to'be impressive,
and if this year's record can be repeated people just
might sit up and start taking 'notice.

Another innovation, which certainly will not hurt is
the introduction of fall baseball, and spring soccer.
The soccer team was not too successful this year,
but with a spring warm-up and conditioning period,
they should be ready to .start strong next year. The
baseball team has also had its troubles, and here too
the extra work is sure to help.

All these developments point to expansion, and ex-
pansion with a possibility of success in terms of wins
and losses. if only some sort of limited funding could be
established success might be assured, but working on
the realm of the probable it seems that active and
energetic recruiting will remain the key. In retiring
I leave the sports page in the capable hands of Tom

Nixon who has been doing a good deal of work be-

hind the scenes all semester.

AL IANV'S CA8 GALKA MAKES contact in he Sleno game
that he pitched and won a week out today. ..., y g .
.'..‘. "-K' 1”...

nil, ll‘lfl i.-

l>|

- v

nut put their eight hits together, so Piotrowaltiwas tagged with the loss.
Albany drew first blood in the Adelphi game. as Jack Splcrs led off the second

with a single, ‘and scored
two. outs later, when Piot-
rowski's single was bob-
bled in the outfield.

But Adelphi came right
back to score two in the
bottom of the second. They
also added one in the sixth, and

Albany was checked the rest of
the way. Leading hitters for Al-

bany were Rich Spiers and Paul

Leonstti who were each 2-4.

On Friday Siena struck early
as they got all three of their
tallies in the top of the third.
A double and two errors on in-
field grounders loaded the bases.
Galka then bore down for a strike
out and a run scoring ground out
but Siena’s John Relley then came
through with a two run single.
Albany came back to tie it up
with one in the fifth and two in
the seventh. Piotrowski led off
the fifth,with a single, and hunt
singles by Leonetti and Decker
then filled the bases. A run
then scored on Jim Murley's
ground out, but that was it as
the next two batters were quick-
ly retired.

in the seventh Elkin reached
on an error, and then back-to-
back, two out, doubles by Spiers
and Jim Sandy resulted in two
runs. in the eighth Lsonetti reach-
ed first on an error, Decker
singled to right, Murley got on
on a fielder’s choice, and Elkln
then walked to fill the bases,
and set the stage for Sinnot's
clutch hit.

A week ago Wednesday the
great Danes hosted New Paltz.
New Paltz won the first game
of the scheduled twin bill by a
3-2 count, with Tom Egelston,
being charged with the loss. The
second game was started, but
rain came in the second inning,
wiping out Albany's three-run
lead.

After 18 games the team sta-
tistics show Jim Rourke as a lead-
er in five departments. His .361
average is easily the best among
the regulars, while he also leads
in hits, total bases, stolen bases
and runs batted in. Among the
pitchers Galka leads in ERA
with a l.59aversge,while George
Webb is tops in wins with 3
and in strikeouts with 27. Galka
is also hitting .875 in his lim-
ited appearances at the plate.

AN ALBANY BASERUNNER DIVES back to first safely
ahead ofthe pick-o“ threw by the Siena hurler.

Golfers Fall To Siena
TieFor 3rd In Tourney

Ray McCIoat fired a fine 78 on
Monday. as he defeated Siena's
Charley Murphey by two strokes.
Murphey is reputed to be the
area's finest collegiate golfer.
but McCloat outshot him Mon-
day. McCloai's win was not
enough. however. as the Siena
team displayed too much depth
for the Great Danes. winning the
2nd. 4th. 5th and 6th spots for a 5-
2 victory.

Albany‘s only other winner
was Craig Luther who carded an
86 to beat his opponent. Dick Cal-
lanan by four strokes. Albany
was close in the fourth spot. as
Gary 'l‘urton shot a fine 81. only
two end in a tie. He then suc-
cumbed in a playoff as he was
beaten on the first hole. Bill
Prendergasl played in the num-
her two spot. and fell by a four
strokes. while Dave Broiler and
Angelo Matra were similarin

Summer Employment

There will be summer open-
ings for male and female stu-
dent assistants as follows:

Main Summer Session Ju. 30-
Aug. l7, 15 or 371-2 hours a
week. Lifeguards, issue room
attendants, assistant trainers,
assistant equipment managers
and assistant activities super-
visors are needed. A graduate
student is also needed as head
activities manager.

Full time summer employment

(work study) June 9 - Sept.
14, for 40 hours a week.

Assistant equipment managers

are needed, as is a graduate stu-
dent for the position of Head
activities supervisor.

Applications may be made at
the main desk in the physical
education center.

I
Notice
All candidates for next fall's
cross country team are request-
ed to attend a meeting May 15
at 4 p.m. in classroom 123 in
the New Gym.

unsuccessful in the fifth and
sixth spots.
Albany Faces RPI

The loss drops the linkslers
record back to 4-4 with two
matches remaining. 0n Wednes-
day they will be traveling to the
Troy County Country Club to
lake on the RH engineers. Al-
bany tied with RPI in the State
University of New York at Al-
bany invitational golf tourna—
mcnt last Wednesday. so the
meet promises to be a light one.

‘ Seina on the invitational while
Plallsburgh look second. Other
entrants were Marisl College
and Union. Medalist for the tour-
nament was Sicnu‘s Bill Cook
who shot a sparkling 74. second
bes'. evern in the tournament.
Mi'rphey of Siena was also
among the leaders. as he fired an
excellent 76. Ray McCloal was
again Albany's leading Medalist.
carding a 79 for a sixth place fin-
ish in the lournament. Craig
Luther also turned in another
fine performance as he shot an
82 for an eighth place finish.
Albany Scores “’1'”

Although he Great Danes
managed only 11 third place lie.
their scores were fairly decent.
as can be shown by the fact that
their loom score of 332 would
have been good enough for the
championship two years ago.
The tournament. which was |llSl
changed this your from the Cupi-
lul District inviuilinnnl lo the
SUNY at Albany lnvilnlionnl.
has. held on the Alhnny homo
course. the Md‘urcgor Country
club.

 

Reasonable

i

 

ilotlliway Taxi For All Your Taxi Needs
etitfaction — 24 Hour Service '
Unlike Any Other Service - Prompt, Dependable,

New - located «"1533 Central Ave. Northwey Exit #2
You Can Reach Us at 369-0050

 

 

 

 

