 
   

Spring

1 Look from the walls of this dirty alabaster
- campus and see the signs of Spring. Spread
out‘ before the onlooker is the green grass and

sunny skies, the. girls studying in their bi- . '

kinis, and the guys studying. Lectures are
steadily progressing from being boring past
times to being weekly occurances that mustbe
avoided if possible by student and pro-
fessor. ,

The buses, tlmt occasionally have been known
to run late or not at all, will probably be on
time now winter is over and students can wait
in warm weather for buses that do not have
to deal with the celd. Maybe.

The lawns” are cleared of snow and mud,
and the pedestrian can now cut across them
and ignore the side walks. The maintenance
crews probably will be putting the snow fences
back up to prevent the lawns from being ruin-
ed. It is not the crew's fault, it is E.D.
Stone's. He forgot that he was not building
robot tracks when he planned the sidewalks.

By Gripe

Coffee Circuit

 

Due to the talented ‘Sounds Unlimited' and the fore-

 

Each city has its ordinances to insure that
the homes within its limits meet certain health
and safety standards. One can easily wonder
about the strictness of the Albany housing
codes as he'rides through the South End and
Arbor Hill districts.

We are glad to see that the Urban Center
Orientation Program will beconductingahous-
ing survey in these areas. It is about time
somebody did; too bad it is not the City of
Albany.

The idea of using students from the Univer-
sity and citizens from the area is an equally
meritorious plan. This idea serves the pur-
pose of bringing the University and commun-
ity closer together as well as providing more
workers to conduct the survey.

Nor does it take a close look at Arbor Hill
or the South End to see the need in the very
near future for new housing projects. With this
in mind the survey will attempt to discover
what type of dwellings the present slum resi-
dents would like and could afford to live in.

This information will be a helpful aid for any
evolving construction projects. The usefulness
of this survey would be nil, if arrangements

Housing Survey - Finally

Monday, April 22, I968

 

had not been made to dispense this information
to established local organizations like the
NAACP, and Committee on Community Con-
cerns. Perhaps the City of Albany will also
be able to use the results.

If the results of the survey are seriously
considered by the city fathers and if they
react to these problems in a positive manner,
then Albany's fear of a summer punctuated by
street rioting may never be realized.

Chicago has recently experienced the in-

ability of a political machine to cope with
the problems of the ghettos. Albany may prove
to be a second example before the year ends,
if the political leaders of this city do not re-
spond to the needs of the South End and Arbor
Hill.

It is our hope that the city leaders will
consider the results of the survey presently
being conducted by residents of Albany and
University students. If the ma-
chine cannot present a'responsible govern-
ment to deal with these and other ghetto prob-
lems they may find their machine broken, not
by the slum dweller or activist, but by the dis-
gusted ordinary citizen of Albany.

 

sight of the Campus Center Governing Board, the Coffee
House Circuit finally picked itself up from the ground
and started serving a useful purpose. Prior to this
month, the Circuit provided sluggish entertainment which
merely broke up the beer guzzling, jukebox playing rou-
tine of the Rathskeller.

The Governing Board wisely moved the entertainment
area from the Rathskeller to the west end of the cafe-
teria. The noise in the snack bar made listening: to
the performer virtually impossible. The switch might
not have worked so well if it was not for the 'Sounds
Unlimited' who provided the atmosphere which the
Cafeteria lacked.

The group itself attracted a surprisingly large crowd
each night. Their popularity by the end of the week was
phenomenal. People sat, stood, and leaned wherever they
could find room. Many attended four, five, or more of
the shows. The group received innumerable standing ova-
tions and performed encore amidst shouts of "more."

Mitch Foster, head of the Coffee House Circuit, an-
nounced that the next entertainer will appear from May
6 through May 12.

i...i.. ..i.- yo... .....i, .,..~i. ..-... .-

Iiitfit .tli ll llltll its liII "ll‘ﬁllli‘lll

l  ill lily”;

Isl Jilil Itil

CHOICEoESW

Take Your
Choice:

lillfli .Ift' your .up- .n ill No.1 ‘I l‘th

Today
Tomorrow

 

 

 

Thr'. ‘,pm.iul CHOICE 68 election l‘.’,u(: wu‘: prepared titular the
luml Ull'r‘JlCU'i of tho Albany Sludunt Proof. UIIIJ ilxu CHOICI“ (>8 Sit-cr-
Iw; Cmnmilltm, All Iirtlclu', pertaining In the National Crillt‘qmic Pro Iv
irmtiul Pym...” Imru written and attuuillﬂl by iliu C(IiIIIlIIIllH- rt. lIirlI
il..,-Ir III/Ii-pfi'fl‘JlIi fIiIIUIl‘ mmlri l»; prenurvwl.

Ilium. qmmr. opp...” Ilmy nu: union ilu ‘m ul rim l'lll'llllull' IIM w-
..,.I»,ei, nr oi tin; National Oil-'1 Int'. ml CHUK i, 'Ifl'l um i. lul.l.-.l. Au-
Hum: mmnt mu omit. m rim April '; /x‘,lJ it“)! l'l‘.’|'l'| llli] int. m
“inhibit: in! nu, 4'llllll'lflll: owl/m [m- trim, 'lIHl \ill 'hlvr'lil liii) l'
=‘;!.I4¢il t“. .<ii ll.

All nilmr mm r.l tl.i-. rumor mm- llIL'illllill h, iliu vu-mliim ..i rim
A ,P in! lliiilf mil illlll lltllf rulutaomlup In Ilw Ilifllti mini-i) win. in n.

Linda It. Iterdan and John .I. cromio
L'ﬂ'li'll‘llﬂf‘ﬂ-lll’C'lllfl/
sandy I'ortcr
Ilium/ling h'rlz'lnr

.ilil I'aznik
News [driller
Gary Golf
-Iri.ll Ig'I/ltrif'
Duncan Nixon
Sports Editor
(Jury fluid
I'liolo [Mil/M
Thomas Nixon
,Hsisi, .S‘poris It'd.

William Cleveland
Coordinator
.laff Mishitiu
S./l. l’rcsi‘zlurd
Mildred I'olsunuki
(/l’f,’ L’Iluirmrin
ltonomury Cliniﬂ
It'lr'rrliori (.‘mnmi.v~irrnrr
"If"! "OMB
I’ll/Ilir:il.]/-l’l)il.‘ /}rim' ('Iirm.
Linda licrdun
Publicity (Iliru'rmun

 

Wednesday
10 am. -4 p.m.

CAMPUS
CENTER LOBBY

Wt...i ......\.- ..i ....i.t... , .u in... alumni In. if ‘. ,,.,v~....
n. v..~tn.m.

Today and

Wild! iililibl uf .Illiltll altuulii IIII‘ U 5 liltisiii m
it..- i......i....., ui N...ii. v.ri....m

“mu-lain

Wednesday

 

 

 

4:30 - 6 p.m.
DINNER LINES
ALL OUADS

 

 

 

.. -wmsam-ﬂ, .

 

 

Monday, April 22,. I968

 

tie team To'I-‘s'tm An Opinion:

Guest Editorial

CHOICE Steering Committee

 

 

 

it has become evident after viewing recent events
that the phrase "Public Opinion” has some meaning.
President Johnson's withdrawal from the presidential
race as well as his decision to halt the bombing and be-
gin negotiations with Hanoi was undeniably influenced
by this catchword.

But just to show people that collegians have the
mental capacities to form opinions is not enough.
We students should get out and vote to demonstrate
that we deserve to form an opinion. We should show
that the opinions we have formed have been weighed
as to their consequences. The university students as
well as students across the nation have shown that
they desire the right to have a say in what goes on in
their country. Ten students from the university were
arrested because of this; and for what other reason
are there groups on campus such as, Students fora
Democratic Society and Young Americans for Free-
dom.

CHOICE '68 can be as important a primary as that
of any state. CHOICE ’68 will not only show how stu-
dents feel today, but it will be a foreshadowing of
events yet to come. This primary has the ability to
do any number of things, it could possibly catapult
any of the nominees to a position of national promi-
nence, it could determine the vice presidential nomi-
nee, and on the negative side it could very seriously
hurt any of the prospective candidates.

Perhaps the most important effect of this primary
will be that of the test it will pose. Prof. John Salome,
a political science professor at Massachusetts Insti-
tute of Technology, best expresses this point: "CHOICE
’68 is a test of the will and resourcesfulness of the
young people — a test of strength between the young
and the establishment. By taking a serious attitude
towards this primary and by turning out in large
numbers to vote, students can show that they do count
as a political group." This quote by Prof. saloma truly
brings the primary into a light that students can not
escape. It has been placed as a challenge to us, one
that we are sure we can meet.

This is the chance for each student to do what he
has been claiming is his most ardent desire, namely
to have a role in determining his and his country's

Poll onviemammi, "Cities  
Form Part Of Choice Ballot '

The three referendum ques-
tions placed on the CHOICE '80
ballot were chosen and worded
by the National Directors, to
represent the most important is-
sues of the day and to give,
by the choices offered,the best
representation of opinion held
on each of these issues.

One of the directors, Strobe
Talbott, said that he felt the
Vietnam referendum in particu-
lar must be “properly phrased
towards alternative solutions”
and indicated that a simple “yes
or no vote" would fail to regis-
ter accurately the profundity of
pro and antiwar sentiments on
the campus.

“To aid the directors in en-
suring that the various questions
were properly pointed towards
achieving maximum impact and
clearest interpretation, the
board met with several top poll
and survey experts before the
wording of the propositions was
decided upon."

Proposition One asks: "What
course of military action should
the U.S. pursue In Vietnam”
with five alternatives reading
in part: immediate withdrawal,
phased reduction, maintain cur-
rent level, increase, and “all
out" effort.

Question Two concerns the
course the U.S. should follow in
the bombing of North Vietnam
with choices: permanent ces-
sation, temporary suspension,

 

future.

Vietnam Strike On Friday

(Continued from Pug/i: I)

The Thursday teach-in will be
held either in lecture room 8
or outdoors — weather permit-
ting. It shall begin at 2 PM.
and last until midnight.

Thursday teach-in speakers
shall include several poets:
Harriet Zinnes, from Queens
College; Bink Noll, Princeton;
and Murial Hukeyser, New York

include Dwight MacDonald;
Sondra Silverman, Political
Scientist; Richard Mummer, liar-
vard Chaplain; Richard Neustadt
Jr., Harvard; llugo Dedau, Tufts
University; David Mermelstein,
Political Scientist from New York
City, George Ilein, chemist from
Newton, Mass.; Lewis Kampf,
National Director of RESIST; the
adult draft resistance support
group, and Gordon Rhodes, draft

City. In addition. sneakers aha" resistor.

I've Got My Eye On The Man...
ina VAN HEUSEN'
"417" VANOPRESS SHIRT

And what I see of my classy mate. i like,
lllkel Ruggedly built. but with a cool. suave
look, . .iust like his permanently pressed
Van Heusen “417" Vanopress shirt. It's the
one with new Soil-Away process that
washes out stains and collar soil without
scrubbing Complete with authentic button
down collar and V-Tapered iii. In tough.
turned-on stripes, checks or solids. Gee, I
lost can't take my eyes oil him. Funny,

i don't want to!

Now from Van Houaon . . .
the scent of adventure . .. Passport 360
.. . the first to last and last and Iastl

NOTICE

Since the Office of Res-
idences has agreed to ex-
plore alternativo meal
plans and arrive at a de-
cision by April 26:

Students should not
choose any board options
when they turn in their
housing packets during
the week of April 22 to 24.’

At the general infamo-
tion meeting to be held in
each residence hall during
the week of May 6-10, to
select rooms, students will
have the opportunity to
either select the broad
plan desired from the plans
available or cancel their
room contract for Fall
I968 and select off campus
housing.

 

 

 

 

maintain current level, intens-
ify, and use of nuclear weapons.

The third referendum- ques-
tion reads: "In confronting the
'urban crisis,’ which of the fol-
lowing should receive highest pri-
ority in government ~. spending:

(1) education, (2) job trainingand'

employment opportunities, (3)
housing, (4) income subsidy, (5)
riot control and stricter law
enforcement."

These propositions include
both the viewpoints of the right
and left among the choices as
well as middle ofthe road stands.
The National CHOICE Commit-
tee has urged both factions to take
active parts in the deciding of
these issues.

It is felt by the Committee
that "CHOICE 86" will prob-
ably either solidify the skepti-
cism of the campus radicals or
cause them to reevaluate their
thinking as to the actual polit-
ical power of the vote."

“The ballot is, certainly,
well sticked with leftists and
moderate - liberals, andthe Viet-
nam referendum questions
should satisfy the most extreme
of the radicals. The current anti-
administration feeling among
students would also seem to in-
dicate that a leftist vote is a
distinct possibility."

"The one fact that is certain
is that they do have a chance
to mobilize and express them-
selves meaningfully and effec-
tively in CHOICE '68.

P0909!”

"The consorvatives' chances
of winning in CHOICE '68 are
not as minimal as some liber-
als would like to believe," the
National Directors indicate.
"The politics of the right to-
day aro more the politics of
charisma than any other polit-
ical wing on the American scene.

"A glance at the CHOICE ’68
ballot would tend to justify op-
timism. Predictably enough, the
liberal vote will probably be ex-
tensively fragmented with no
over-ridding numerical superior-
ity being enjoyed by any single
candidate or stand.

"The result could beasurpris-
ingly authoritative conservative
victory, one that would rock the
leftists more than anything else"
commented the National Commit-
tee on the various possible out-

comes.

    

NOTICE

There will be a meeting
foi State Fair Booth Chair;
man at 7:30, in Humanities
l09. All groups participat-
ing must be represented.

Locations will be given
out, the procedures for
outlined and questions will
be answered.

Ruth Stemfield and Vic Looper

 
    
  
    
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
    

 

Co-Chm. State Fair.

   

Eugene McCarthy

for President.

  

NTEGRITYEUGENE McCARTHY has the courage of

his convictions to speak out on Vietnam, awakening
America's conscience by backing his words with his
candidacy.

EXPERIENCE EUGENE McCARTHY hos “ma in

Congress for Twenty years, acting on important com-
mittees.

lEADERSHIP EUGENE McCARTHY has spoken out

on all the important issues; Vietnam, the crisis in our
cities; combottlng of inflation, education and the need
for vital new programs in Civil Rights, Agriculture and
Public Service.

 

   

 

EUGENE MCCARTHY MADE VIETNAM Alt
ISSUE.

 

 

EUGENE McCARTHY WAS THERE WHEN
AMERICA NEEDED RIM . . . . . . . . . ..

 

 

 

EUGENE MCCARTHY DESERVES YOUR VOTE!

 

 

 

YEARBOOK
PHOTOS

Signupa forthe second and final round of year

 

book photos will betaken after Easter vacation, on
the bulletin board opposite the Campus Center In-
formation Dosk as before. Shooting will begin on
Monday, May 6.

Proofs from the first two weeks of shooting will
be collected in CC305 starting Monday, April 29,
and will continue through that week.

 

 

 

 

 

 

to ,....g..,,,

  

