 

 

  

' j ’ , Ml tension betwegn-tbesetwoiaculties.'l'heuniver-

:iltrj‘ileuii! on tin one hand will essrclse an inﬂuence
' I ' ., , requirements for entrance into the unim-
no.1» General College, on the other‘hsnd, will, in
all likelihood, be constantly pressing for its own con-
cilltidtl of liberal education, which may or may not be
at variance with conceptions held in the departments.
We take this kind of disagreement asnormaiand healthy,
and hope that the ensuing discussions will generate more
light thanbeat. Although the Committee did not extend
itself to? a detailed consideration of program, it does,
is; '  oi‘the General College, recommend that the
mum of numerous discrete courses be abandon for
other. cites which would be largely interdisci-
plillry in character, stressing larger units oistudy rath-
er than the individual courses. While we see the entire
process of higher education as attempting a reconcilia-
tion between personal and professional needs, the Gen-
eral Collegewould stress the more general human and
person! aspirations of the student.

The Departmental Program. in the normal union
between the requirements of general education and spe-
cialised education, the claim is often made, and indeed
it was raised in a most sophisticated fashion in our Stu-
dent-Faculty Seminar meetings, that a specialized aca-
demic department is the best agency for overseeing
the entire educational program of the student in all as-
pects. At present, even, the most specialist-oriented
universities and colleges restrict such an approach.
The Committee recommends that students be given the,
option of placing their total education within the hands
of a single department. In practice, this would mean
tilt a freshman enrolling for a four-year bachelor's
degree could select a departmental. major upon accept-
ance into the university, and that his program would
then be completely under the jurisdiction of a single
department. We propose that each department set up its
own system of " ,, and ‘ ‘ ‘4 ‘,
and establish its ownprocedures.Some may want to tailor
programs to individual students. Others may turn the
students loose, and still others may set up swell-
defined pattern (or patterns) to which students must
conform, e.g., it might simply require the present pat-
tern oi University College prior to declaring a major at
the junior level. in any event, we would leave the
decision to the departments and recommend that the‘uni-
varsity legislate only the bare minimum standards, and
thus maximize departmental freedom at the undergraduate
level for the entire four-year period. A student with a
passion for music, or physics, or English, or whatever,
would commence his study under the auspices of masters
in that field and receive not only guidance for his-her
specialised work, but also for general and liberal arts
education.

One important stipulation which applies to the depart-
mental program, as it does, indeed, to all the programs
suggested in this report, is that adequate provision be
made to assure students of the possibility oi "swapping
horses midstream,” to change from one program to
another with some case and no prejudice. We insist,
rather strongly, that students be given academic mo-
bility within the university, and that they be free to
move from one program to another with a minimum of
administrative and faculty restraint.

Independent Study.

independent study is a means of learning, butas a goal
of education it far transcends in importance any issue
oi method alone. Independent study should not beconsid-
and apart from the total aims of higher education. In
relation to these aims, it involves both the form and the
content oi the educational process. it is, in fact, both
a philosophy and a method, and above all, a spirit or
atmosphere in which this process can develop. If we
conceive the process oi independent study as the
maturing oi the individual's learning capacity, then
it is education itself. in other words, in the last analy-
sis, only independent study is effective study, since the
implied contrary, “dependent study," is by definition
not a self-generating process and cannot form a valid
educational concept.

In the past, and in certain circles still, the basic
supposition has been the existence oi a more or less
fixed corpus of information and concepts and its con-
sequent transmission by teaching to a relatively pass-
ive subject. We would assume, rather, the development
of tools by which information may be explored, handled
and integrated by the student engaged in the learning
process. In this sense, independent study is central
to education.

We strongly recommend that all necessary steps be
taken to make independent study a dominant factor on
the Albany Campus.

Spe (xi/ion -

l) Cooperation with existing plans to grant credit
by examination, e.g., ETS, New York State
Department oi Education College Proficiency
Program, et cetera.

2) Elaboration and extension of SUNYA programs
for credit by enmination.

a) increase support of students engaged in inde-
pendent study by liberaiizlng access to labora-
tories, libraries and instructional resources
(including the most recent and advanced educa-
tional technologies and media).

 . may. "s‘TuoEmas‘ss’ '

t) Widemtread publication and dissemination of; ‘

syllabi, bibliographies, examinations and other
materials. 3
5) Establishment oi an administrative office for
indpendent ‘study at the level oi either the
deans or academic vice-president to guide and
encourage this activity. ‘

8) The use of independent study as a technique
within the structure of courses, e.g., reading
periods, in addition to the' broader devices sug-

. gested above. v

7) Provision for a structured independent study
program in the event a thrsedhree calendar
is adopted. In addition to the normal three
course load per quarter, students could be
given the opportunity oi pursuing a parallel
independent study project. Theamount oi super-
vision, in such cases, could vary from com.
plete independence to relatively close collab-
oration with a single professor or a faculty
group. (This recommendation in no way re-
places the unstructured uses oi independent
study).

The Experimental College

The State University oi New York at Albany should
create an experimental college designed to develop a
program oi liberal education by integrating the last
three years oi high school and the first two years oi
college. Students would be admitted at the beginning
of the tenth grade and prepared for admission to the
larger university community at the junior year.

This kind oi institution may replace, or at least
provide an alternative to, the traditional liberal arts
college. These years appear to provide a superb oppor-
tunity for an institution devoted to liberal studies within
the American system oi higher education. The Experi-
mental College should have an autonomous status with-
in the university with its own faculty and with ample
authority to experiment. This proposal is also premis-
ed on the likelihood that increasing numbers oi Amer-
ican families not only will be able, but willing to send
their children away to school at age fifteen.

it is important that the College, while autonomous,
should be associated with the university. individual stu-
dents should, under certain conditions, be permitted to
take courses in the university when their own develop-
ment requires it. it also should be possible for faculty
oi the Experimental College to offer courses in the
university, but their primary allegiance should be to
the College. The College administration should also
be enabled to use the services oi professors in the
university for special courses and lectures. The Col-
lege faculty will, however, govern itself, especially
with respect to salaries, promotions, tenure and pro-
gram of studies.

Although we propose to cover the traditional three
years of high school and the two years of the lower divi-
sion in four years, acceleration is not the purpose of
the College. An integrated plan should economize some
oi the student’s time.

We also propose to use up to three summers for edu-
cational experiences (which in effect is the fifth academ-
ic year). One summer should be an intensive study of
a second language. Ideally, this would include living and
studying abroad, and might include one regular semes-
ter as well as the summer. Another summer should be
devoted to an offcampus experience with art or science,
such as those provided now by Professor Vincent Schae-
for for high school seniors at Whiteface Mountain and
other locations. The third summer should be spent in
direct contact with some important social problem.

Students who expect to go on to the university will
be admitted to the College, which will be concerned
with their education as human beings and citizens,
not as specialists. The education in a specialty will
be the clear task of the university. Here the normal
expectation 'will be that the student's program will lead
directly to the master's or doctor's degree rather than
the traditional bachelor's degree. indeed, we recommend
as the degree for graduation from the College something
like "international baccalaureate," which is now under
development by the International Schools Examination
Syndicate (lSES) in Geneva. Switzerland.

The idea of the inturnaiimiul bdccaluuruatz' first arose
from the special needs of international schools and the
special contribution they can make to education today.
with the growth of an international community of per-
sons worklng outside their own country and frequently
changing their residence, international organizations in
particular, sueh as the World Health Organization,
UNESCO, and the European Organization for Nuclear
Research, often find that their greatest single problem
in recruiting staff is the education of their children.
They are, therefore, vitally interested in international
schools which will articulate with universities in many
countries.

American educators are participating in this devel-
opment through the Advanced Placement Program of the
College Entrance Examination Board in New York
(CEEB). The international bucmthmmutr will attempt
to provide a degree which will make it possiblofor
a student to enter a university in any of a large num-
ber of participating countries. We urge further inves-
tigation of the possibility for SUNYA to participate
in a program of this kind so that our degree will enable
a student not only to enter the niversity at Albany,
but also universities in other par s of the country and

abroad. The international Schools Examination Syndicate
was set up in 1964 as an association registered under

.n
'0'—

uswi‘s's law and has all international council. it has been

assisted by grants from the Twentieth Century Fund
and the Ford Founthtion, and has. the support of UNESCO
and the assistance of a number of working parties drawn
from different countries which are now investigating
the general structure of examinations and syllabi oi
particular subjects.

The lSES now proposes to seek the cooperation oia
limited number of carefully selected internationalschools
and universities in the experimental operation of an
irltirrnalwnal lmocatadrcaiu from 1970 to 1976. The Spe-
cial Undergraduate Committee recommends that we es-
tablish contact with this endeavor‘ and coordinate our effort
with others.

We believe tint the Experimental College is the creative
response to the educational, demographic and economic
forces presently confronting us. It attempts a new kind of
resolution of the present tensions between liberal educa-
tion and specialization which now exist I in American high-
er education.TheCollege should provides model for other
institutions to emulate when the objective forces in our
society create a special opportunity,about 1980. The con-
version of some existing liberal arts institutionslto the
pattern of the Experimental College may provide their
salvation. However, in the long run, such colleges ought
to be clustered about university centers. This conception
of clustering may prove superior to the concept of the
University of California at Santa Cruz, which attempts
to make the university a cluster of colleges giving a con-
ventional baccalaureate degree. it is doubtful that the
Santa Cruz pattern can manage the tension between lib-
eral' education and specialization, and indeed the colleges
seem to be specialized from the very onset. The super-
iority of the Experimental College resides in the fact
that it proposes a separate faculty with great autonomy
and does not depend upon professors with dual responsi-
bilities. At the same time, it enables the students to take
advantage of the university.

The proposal does suggest the desirability of a new
kind of faculty. It should be better than the present high
school faculty, but not as specialized as the stafiof a
good many liberal arts colleges. The Experimental
College should be attractive to scholar-teachers who have
broad interests and who are person - rather than re-
search-oriented. We propose the establishment of several
distinguished professorships to attract such faculty. We
recognize that, in a sense, we are creating the need for
a new kind of teacher, but such persons exist, and even
before any of our deliberations were discussed inpubllc,
one member of the Committee was approached by Sev-
eral persons interested in exploring the possibility of
teaching in such a College.

 

Postscript

0117' report was propurl’d .w/nru‘hul in
tho spirit of (1 statement which is (If/(’1!
provider! to an architect prior in his
dcur'lopment of .v/cctr'lu’s and detailed
drawings. The student leaders, pro/(w-
.s'ors and administrators oft/m unir'l'rsi/p
as a whole must cur/dually .wrm' (Is
l/li’ architects, cur/inﬂow. rI/ul ran/rat'-
tors. “'0 are only specify/[Hy broad. y/I’Il-
cml guide lime; and (men I/u'm’ (II'(’ open
to dim-usadtm and chain/1'. T/u' ('mn/m'I/m'
attempted to discharge ifs [unriinnbg/
limiting itself In {lu’ x/rut'lurr' of under-
yrm/mdv ll'fl/Illl l/n' fury/N
uniformity [rd/Immor/c. ll Him] In I/I'flli/
t’n/cI-i/Iy inln llu' dam/ls (I/l‘ill'l'li‘uflllll
(Indadministration (Hill I'/ {mu-4's Nuns-r
r'rur'iul null/um to subwwa p/mxm of
growl/I and dr’m’lopnu'nl, Hu/ Il‘lilI/t’l‘i‘l‘
[III/II’I‘II or [IfII/i'I'IiN Il‘i’ (It/up]. I/‘i' org/1'
(Ill m-r-o/IImm/u/ion ofm/minI'slru/iI-v and
organizational p/‘mv’durr's locum/innum-
innovation and tar/H'I'imr'II/u'II’uII. T/u'
dpm/Init-s 0/ a mar/urn urban and in
dusm'ul society, as mull (m //u' dp/Ium
ir's off/11' unlocks-Up [low/f. Illfl/I‘i’ ll/I/lf‘l‘il-
lil‘i’ l/u' .v/rI'H/ul (It/(IpirI/imi u/ m/m'rr
lion In new Ili’f‘f/N ll‘lllft‘ f'll/lo‘i‘l'l'l‘llli/ l/Ir'
bi’h‘I of lrtldi/imm/ Palm's.

r'dm'ulion

SulImIiII-d lo llli‘ .n'ludnmnuud lv‘urulu Inr llimru; -
t-usiou :IIId lll‘l’lhlitll II'I-luu‘ml by 0. \\|||Iuln
l’i‘l'lllllilli'l'. ll‘nll HI-uu-hivr, |llil7
(‘ouuuiltmn

Dr. 0. Willimll l’nrhnuiinr, l)I-2III ul ihn' ('ul-

logo of [\l'lH und St-inIII'I-H

l)r. Alfrl'tl li‘lllkl'lﬁlivlll, Anhlx'lllll' l’rol’lvh‘n‘ur
of (‘hvmisiry

Dr. lCIIuom- ll. lili'lnirvll, Aﬁh‘m‘luln |).~nn of
tho (‘nllvgo of Arts and Si'lnllt'uﬂ

Ilr. ll‘ruuk W. Kulmln. l’I‘ofu-mmr of Accounting
und I"lillilli'u

l)r. Alulroy L, Koilvul, l’riifithh’lll' of ltIIIuIInI-v
lninguuwm uud (lumpurullvn Liluruiurv

l)r. Wt'llli h'. lv‘lmvr, Vim: l’rusiduni. for Ai'ltfll‘lllll'
Alfulrs, (‘hnirumn Mlll'i'll llliih‘

 

 

 

 
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
   
   
  
  
  
    
     
   
     
     
       
  
    
  
    
     
    
     
   
    
    
     
    
  
   
  
    
   
  
     
    
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
 

   
    
  
  
   
      
    
      
    
     
    
   
    
   
    
   
   
         
  
    
      
     
  
    
   
   
     
   
    
     

 

 

  
        
  
      
   
       
    
 
   
    
   
   
    
    
   
    
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
     
  
   
 

 

   
     

    
    
  

 

 

  

Photo by 8m

UNIVERSITY STUDENT QUESTIONS Republican candidate for

District Aiiorncy, Arnold Proskin,

during Activities Duy. Tile day was

cochuircd by Marty Stromei and Jay Hershkowitz.

Council Petitioned On
Pueblo Statement

by Don Stankavage

Central Councu uccopiod u
petition proscntcd by Steven
Villu no which opposed the

contents of tho Council's policy
statement concerning lhv U.S,S.
Pueblo.

ﬁiiili poiiiion signers from State
Quud (especially disugrcud wilh
Section ll of the bill which llu-y
United Sluice.
i'Vi'll il' North KUI‘I'iI is wrong,"

szllil, “indicts the

('nuni‘il mumlwrs than listvnod
sluivmvni ill’llVl'I‘t‘tI by
VIllnno in which he doplori-d Lho
"only hriI-f Ironsiiluruliun" given

it) ii

In the hill lIItl'urI' its pussugu.
Villuno thle :I
rI-fm‘cndum ln- hold on [his and

suggested

ull other isslu-s of national

t-nnvorn no lhul tho [run Illillll'l' of

student opinion could he Judgvd

(.‘ouuml [hon lllilVl'll in
l‘l'i‘lillhllii‘l' llu- lull, Ilillll'il it, mid
si‘lll II In tho i'umuuili-I' on

l’olilirul .IIId Stu-ml l’xmllom. l'nr

l'III'llu-r study and rrvu‘w

l'I-niml (‘mnu'll ilu-n .Ipprovwl
lhv rquul of Ilu- Ad llm'
(‘ommilim- on ‘l'l-IIurn- 'l‘hu. n-purl
nu-ouunundu ful'lllliliiliull of u
llliXi‘ d grudunii- uud

umlw‘grulluuii- siudvnl (‘iillllllllli‘i'
within I‘iii'll llilIVI'l‘Miy school to
“I'IIIIMIII'I’ illi‘ ([lllllli'li‘nlliill'. nl'
('fif‘ll faculty nII-mhvr who In up
for ll'illll‘l‘ "

'l'lu- nludn-ni II‘i‘ItllIlllI‘tIIiiIlInlllw
.m- lo lw l'mwurdI-Il .Ilunu \\’llll
Ill-[uanInNIlul l't'i'illlllllt'llflilllUlln
l"urllu-rnuu'I-, foul Hillili'lllh ilum
llu- sludqu i‘IiIlllllllli‘i'h wIll lu-
nu-mln-ru of llu' i'iliilli'll on

Promotion.» and (‘ouimumu

Appointuwnls.

(.‘culrul i‘oum'il ills“ Insiilutud
u ilrit-vuui-I- (.‘ummiituu lo
"ufficiully l'l‘i'clVi! iillil consider ull
petitions from the student body,

und to not on suggestions from
Conirul Council and from tho
gcncrul student body and present
to (Tcuirul Council for
proposals concerning
suggestions."

uciion
such

 

ALBANY, ﬂaw YORK

_.e

by Lnuren Ostrnndcr

“Students for ()‘Dwycr" met
last Wednesday to discuss the
work ihui musi be done in help
make the 0'l)wyer cnmpuign for
New York Siuic Scnuior a
successful one,

Canvassing from door to door
or on the telephone, preparing
letters and l'lyi-rs, organizing
election districts, and recruiting
supporters are some of the many
jobs that college students are
needed for,

()n campus, people :m- needed
to help ui n liloruturu tublc lhui
will he ostuhlislu-d in the Campus
Center.

I’m-ior Parsons, 1: member nl' the
Coulitinu For A Democratic
Alicrnulivo and chief nrgunizer of
the ()‘Dwycr headquarters in
Albany, iulked uhoui ihLl voting,
wards in Albuny.

He said Lhui. thch wore, in
particular, eight words that
needed to become much more
familiar with O‘Dwycr and his
policies.

'l'hcso districts need the energy
of college students to help
O'Dwycr curry the wards.

Over one hundred students
who came to the initinl meeting of
this independent student
orgunizniion heard Mrs. Carol
Wuiormuu, u professor of
Psychology hcre , in uddltion to
student coordinuiors (.‘nml
Schneider und 1er Wolfmnn.

All omphusizod the fuel that
now is the time for workers, not
just bulimI-wcurers.

In the weeks before the

primary, O'Dwycr was relatively
unknown. they said. But
primary day students had worked
and sucrificcd to help mukc
()‘Dwyer and his stund familiar
with the voters.

As llli' primury illusiruicd, they
.suid, this system really works.

It was ulsu bruughi out all this
meeting that Allurd Lowonsiein,
running from the fifth
Congressional district (in Nussuu

D‘
'<

County), needs college students to
did his cumpuign, li wus said

 
  
    

    

 

SEPTEMBR30, - 

 O’Dwyer Campaign Meeting

Draws Over 100 Volunteers

thni anyone who could travel to
Long Island and help in his
campaign would be greatly
upproclnied. Contact for this may
be made with Gary Weiner.

Help In still needed for the
O'Dwyer cnmpnign in Albany. If
anyone would like to work to
help Paul O‘Dwycr become u
Senator from New York State,
pltrusu contact either of the
following student coordinators.
Curol Schneider may be reached
by culling 1820568 or lru
WolfmunulI157-3021.

Narcotic Co m mission

Links Pot,

“Al lousi -l0 percent of New
York City's adolescent offenders
who prcm‘nlly smoke murljuuna
will be using heroin in a few yours,
according to u research study just
completed by the State's Nurcotic
Commission," Chairman
Luwronce W. Pierce declared.

“The study," Pierce explained,
“is purl of u comprohensivo
roseurch progrum designed to
churl. the dimensions of the drug
problem in New York Hiuic, und
in aid the
form u In it-s

Commission us it
future policy
(li‘i'isiolls."
The present study, which ii‘tils
lllt' :Imumption lhul
manjuunil-smoking lands to hcrnin

Secretary Of American Friends

Blasts

by I30th Anderson
llussvll Johnson, l’vuuo
Hot-rotary of tho Amoricun Friends
Service (Tummiiiuo, omphuslzt-d
the immobilizing U'llili‘llt'll’h’ of llu-
“Amoricnu umpire," especially in
Huuilu-zml Asia, and bow lb.-
Illllll‘il Stun-s ol'tcn udvI-rsvly
:tl'fI-I'ls llli‘ll’ hili'li'lli'h.
lu pnriivulur, ihu Allli‘l'li'illl
Inibiury uuil husuwns lt‘ll(ll'llt'li'h

bu w- oIIlmm-d. um-urding lo
Johnson, .'i liti‘ llitlil wilhm ||u~
nuiiim .uul huI'I- mlruilI-d our

i'i'illlillllli‘ hyull‘lll, [bus hulking llu-
i‘ (' mlan of of lli'l'
dopvndunl upon the United Sluice

.slulvs

rnllu-r lhuu uuuulzniuluu their
st-ll‘suffu'u'tu'y. Johnson llllh bud
Wlill' i‘Xpi'l‘il‘lli'i‘ lll Asiu und It.
wvll :il'illllllllli‘li wilh Ila problems.
lli' li.l3 \pitlii‘li lo runny pn-oplt- Ill
Arm: and tho Until-(l SlulI-s uhuul
our pulu-y Ill Ihul .Iron and lll'Hl'i» n
I'I‘iillhlll‘ .Iplll'illl‘lll «If ihv hilliiillltll

llu Wm. ill VII-mum ill Illiil [\i
(but how “1' inlkml Io IIIuIIy
lludthM xludoula who wow
illhullhli‘ll nllnill condition.» Ill
lhuu' country He lruul in nlori llu-
(\llli‘i‘lt'nll i'lllllilhhy ulmut ilw

Iilliifllllhln fouliilun
'l'III- Alllt'l'li'iill officials
wouldu'l llhli'li to his Information.
'l'lu- i‘i'hllll was the ousting of
l’i'i‘ﬁiiit‘lll lln-Iu nud lhv
Vlt‘lildllli‘nt! disirunl of Anwricnu
.mihorily
lII Sulliluumi Aniu, 86% of the
pcusnuls live on tho soil, Their

main I‘lli‘lllll'S zm- llli' lundlurd uud
corrupt ul‘l'iciuls, This is their
mujor con. urn not the wur,

Johnson Milli.

llo (‘hI Minh wm. ouv of Ilu-
find to bellow» Lhnl ('(Illlilllllllsll‘i
Wm llu- lm'i'i- Io hpr lilwruiu his
Imliuu and help ll udvuni'v, As :I
I‘I‘hllll, m'rordlug In Johnson, tho
mum issue In ilu- linkage of
communism in nulionulmin

'l'III- llllml busu- lll’lilllt'lll, In
Johnson .s Vll'W, l5 ‘utll‘lill vquuhiy
and justice for lIll' lll'lil‘illlih This
I:. dIffu-ull in mun! Asmll IIulmns
mum- llu' i'llli' ul'ivn neglect llu‘
Wi'lilll'i’ nl' llu~ lll'lihillllh.

()ur prom-nor wuluu llu- Axum
nuilou, Johnson rI-puriI-d,
[)l'ilillll't'h lllill'l‘ ('Ulllllllllllhlll llIuII
lwl'm'v 'l'lllh (-uuplml wIlh lhe

i‘Xillllllll‘ of NW lil‘lli‘l' I'mulliluns
of i‘llllli‘hi'

pmsunls Illl‘llh llli‘

Illilllli' of mi [\suo llilllilil uguulsl
IL».

Johnson nffI-rt-d lwu

.tlli‘l'llilllVl‘n, 'l'lIulluIIil und

('illlllliilllil, to what nughl huppI-u
nuxl lll HoulIu-nst Asiu.

'l'huihuul could be u Urnsprrnun
uud pmu'cl'ul IIulIou bill in rupidly,
suyn‘ Johnson, becoming the next
Viul Nunl. 'l'ht'y huvo guild
l‘i'liilltlllh' Willi Chum. 'l'ht- llllllt'tl
h‘iuics bus Illlli' nir ltllhitﬁ III the
('ullllli‘v.

A miliinry juuiu, controlling llli'
gnvurumcul, uni-s (he
Sinlcs' prcscucc to bolster their

“American Empire’ In Asia

powr-r.
[hum
Illi‘I‘t'

The United HlulI-s uses
to muiuluiu our llllt't‘i'sih

\l'llllln Ilu- society lllt‘l‘l' is it
growing rosvulnu-ni uguiml [In-
United Hinton; llli‘y lli‘lli'Vi' wv iil‘t'
dosimying ihuil' 'l'huinusn.

lv'iuully, Johnson llilli'il, lbw-(-
in :1 growing (Yommuulsl.

lllh‘ill‘ul'lli'i‘ in flu.- country.

 

’l‘liii ht ENE iNSll)E the Campus Center's main lounge duriilg
United Acilvciics Duy. Cmmuunicuiiun was stimulated by both interested and

interesting students.

Heroin

use, was prepared by James
Inciurdi and Dunn Babel of the
Commissions' Division of
ltcscnrch, under the direction and
supervision of Dr. Daniel Glass,
Associate Commissioner for
Research.

Both the New York City Youth
Counsel Bureau and the
Department of Health
culluborulcd in the study.

The research ieum invostigutod
lhc extent to which adolescent
murijuuna use is followed by
heroin use, the extent to which
udolcsconl heroin use is continued
in adulthood, und lho extent to

which non-drug delinquency is
followed in lulcr yours by
addiction.

The study is bused on till

(-xuminulion of the records and
behaviour of mole udulis who first
come In public- notice five yours
uud If) yours ugo us udulosceni
offenders,

fruciiuu of

liocuuso only I:

udnlvsconls apprehended for
illcuul acid nrc referred to the
courts, t'llsl’a were selected from
[he l‘l'i'iil'llh of llll' Youth Counsel
liurouu lll identify
youngster,» zll llli' om'lics sings of
in volvn-mvul with

ill'lll‘l‘ it)

1 u w
c ni'oroumoni agencies.
cont , on page 3

    

|  ‘

 

Photo by Stephenson

 

