    
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
   
    
  
    
    
    
  
   
    
   
  
  

  

  
  

    

   
   
      
   
          
   

 

 

 ' l
hoto by P

Despite an opening season loss to Coast Guard, the Albany barriers are
looking forward to another successful season.

Coast

Guard Defeats

Cross Country Squad

he Varsity Cross Country
team at Albany State opened its
season hosting a triangular meet
with the Coast Guard Academy
and Montclair State.

The Albany Harriers outscored
Montclair, but lost to the Coast
Guard; the final scores were Coast
Guard 19. Albany 37, Montclair
85.

Coast Guard recorded the first
four finishers with Bob Peterson
winning with a time of
27:30.6.Peterson was followed by
Richard Ailing, Dave Estes, and J.
Davis.

The first finisher for Albany
was Pat Gepfert who crossed the
line in 29:16. Pat was followed by
three more Albany runners before
another Coast Guard man finished
the race. Paul Roy of Albany was
the sixth place finisher, followed
by co-captain Don Beevers and
Larry Fredericks.

'l‘wo m(“‘c Coast Guard runners
crossed the finish line before I'aul
Breslin and George Rolling of
Albany completed the course.
Coast Guard recorded the next
four finishers before another
Albany man was able to cross the
finish line. Tom Mills was the last
Albany runner to score in the
meet.

Montclair did not have a man
finish the race until nineteen
other runners had completed the
race.

This defeat was only the second
time in the Cross Country team‘s
history that the winner has scored
under twenty points against
Albany. Coach it. Keith Munsey

Calendar

Saturday, September Eh

Varsity
soccer: It.l’.l. Home, 2 :00 p.m.

Varsity Cross Country. S.U.(,‘ at
Piattsburgh Away, 2:00 p.m.

Wednesday, October 2

Varsity baseball: Sienu Away,
1:00 pm.

Freshmen cross country

Adirondack CC. Home. 4:1“) pm,

Fri., Sat, Sun, Oct. 4,5,6
Women's Eastern Intercollegiate
Tennis Tournament at Albany

commented that he was very
impressed by Coast Guard's
squad. He also said that while he
of course was not happy with a
loss, he expected his squad to be
greatly improved for their next
match this Saturday against
Plattshurgh.

Coach Munsey went on to say
that he was somewhat
disappointed in the finishing times
of his men but was certain that
this would be improved upon in
the comig weeks.

The team‘s prospects were hurt
somewhat this year when Don
Meyers,|ast year‘s top freshman
runner transferred to Cortland
State.

 

h ‘- i ‘ ,
otskowski.

Freshmen

 

Cross

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Country

 
     

Faces Demanding Schedule

in the confusion of the
beginning of yet another
academicyear at Albany State, a
diligent group comprising the
freshman cross country squad
prepare to face a tough eight-meet
schedule notably including such

ﬁrst-rate crow country powers as M

Colgate University, LeMoyne
University of Syracuse, and C.W.
Post College. The first meet is to
take place on the home course
this Wednesday, October ? at 4

.m. against Adirondack

Community College.

Having arrived on campus one
week prior to the beginningof the
semester, Coach Munsey has since
been putting them through
rigorous training for a
“demanding” schedule.

Munsey, also the coach of the
varsity team, is pleasedwith the
crop of freshman out for the team
from all over the state. Initial time
trials have produced a tentative
projection of the team leaders.

Heading the list of fresh out for
the squad is Dennis llackett from
Ililton, N.Y., a suburb of
Rochester. Dennis made the
Ail-Monroe County first team as a
senior last year and has been
leading the pack since the early
practices.

Close behind are Paul llolmes
formerly of Colonic Central High,
Lou Wittig of McCloskey High in
Albany, Paul Novakowski, captain
of his squad at llorseheads, Rich
Liese of Guilderland, and Felix
Kessel of Mount Vernon.

Others out for the team are
Mark Brown. Steve Dovenitz,
Steve lliefetz, Bob Peterson, Don
Van Cleve, Rich Morse, and
Charles llauck.

Last year‘s squad of freshmen
ended with a 5-2 won-loss record.
in the past the freshman team has
produced the quality of
performers who have gone on to
produce a 50-6 varsity record.

Wednesday’s meet will begin
from the baseball diamonds

Baseball Squad Has
Short Fall Schedule

The State University of New
York at Albany fall baseball squad
will be opening its brief four game
season on Wednesday, October 3,
at four o'clock against Siena
College on the Siena diamond.

Coach llurlingamc expects
good, keen competition to enable

The State University of New
York at Albany fall baseball squad
will be opening its brief four game
season on Wednesday, October IT,
at four o'clock against Sicna
College on the Sierra diamond.

Coach llurlingamc expects
good, keen competition to enable
the transfers and last year's

freshmen players an opportunity
to gain some valuable varsity
experience, Included in the
forthcoming schedule are:

(let. 2. Away Siena, 4 :00 PM.
Oct. 5, Home Doubleheader
Springﬁeld College

Long Island U,

Starting at 10:00 A.M.

Oct. 9, Home Siena, At :00 RM.
Albany is hoping to improve
upon last spring's 7-l0 record by
instituting this full baseball
system. However, Siena, against
whom State‘s record is 6-lagainst
whom State's record is 615, had
many of its players keeping in
form in the Albany ’I‘wilight
League and LIU Were champs in
their region last spring. our
players have been working out for
one week but there appears to be
a lot of hustle and desire present.
They have a rough scheduli- but
are ready to turn in some good
performances (III the playing field

 

Wall '5
SUBMARINES

Cull IV 9-2827
or IV 2-0228

FREE
DELIVERY

('I‘hruu Sulm Minimum)
Sunday - Friday
9 mm. - 12 Mldliglll
College Preferred
.. . . . . ..T/WL/§ .Y.uu..........

 

 

 

Harold Finkle

"Your Jeweler"

'Jl'l “"lllflll Avouur.
HU-iI-IT‘A‘JO

"‘r'uturcs

. jlt't‘iul lfnttn. to All Sloth-nus

l tun ongrnving, largo
.r...~,orlmuntuf pit-rend

t‘ill‘l High.
l‘ixlu-rl Wutt'li unil .itewt-lry
lfI-lmlrts

()pnn I‘Iw-ry l‘lvenlng to ll.

 

 

 

’I
rnoto by rotskowsio.

The Albany booters go up against R.P.l. Saturday in one of their

biggest games of the season.

Potter Club Seeking
Third Straight Title

The AMIA football season is
scheduled to swing into action
tomorrow with games set for
every league.

League 1 this year will see eight
teams battling for the top spot.
Four teams will be returning to
the competition while four others
will be trying their hands in the
top league for the first time.

Potter Club, the defending
champions will be attempting to
win their third straight title. The
Club lost much of the offensive
punch of last year as Jim Curley,
their starting quarterback, and
Ray McCIoat and Dan Crippen,
the two primary receivers each
graduated this past spring.
Nevertheless, the l’ottermen will
be strong contenders on the
strenghth of their defense alone.

Alpha Pi Alpha, who finished
second last year will be depending
on a strong defense led by

Ali-league selection, Gary Torino.
Kappa Beta, fourth place finishers
of last year, are hoping to improve
on last year’s record. The Nads, a
strong independent team of last
your lost a number of their top
performers to fraternity, but are
hoping that newly recruited
players will help them to maintain
their winning ways.

Of the four new teams entering
the league this year, two are
fraternity teams moving into
League 1 competition for the first
time and two are independents.

Sigma Tau Beta and Upsilon
Phi Sigma are both attempting the
jump from League 2 to League 1.
Tappan llall, winners of League 2
last year, are moving up to try
their luck in League 1. In
addition, Waterbury Hall is
entering a team, composed
primarily of freshmen from the
old campus.

PUBLIC ACCOUNTING

 tuna uiiitiuunot
l

 

 

ECONOMICS

If one of iiese is you major , come to the

FACULTY - STUOENT COFFEE HOUR
SEPTEMBER 27 at 1 pm
Third ﬂoor binge . BtlSiless Athl'li. Baiting
Sponsored by DELTA SIGMA Pt

Professional Business Fraternity

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 ,

  

 

Letter

Memorandum to Students and Faculty:

A special committee of the Undergraduate Academic
Council was appointed in January 1967, to undertake the
task of relating the needs of undergraduate education to
a world of accelerating change. On several occasions the
special committee met with a larger group which was
called the Student-Faculty Seminar. The results of the
committee's endeavors are presented in this special re
port on "New Patterns in Undergraduate Education."

The report has already undergone several preliminary
screenings. The initial draft was reviewed and criticized
by the join Student-Faculty Seminar and by the Under-
graduate Academic Council. Students and faculty will have
a further opportunity to review and comment on the report
at a hearing which will be held at the Campus Center on
March 20. 1968 at 8:00 p.m.

Sincerely,
Webb S. Fiser
Vice President for
Academic Affairs

 

 

 

l.
The Historical Context

“One off/11’ great phenomena 0/ [lie human
condition in Hip mot/em (If/f is [lie dissolution
0/ [lie (Inr'cslru/ order. [he erosion of estab-
lis/icrl authority. and lirll'inr/ (as! f/ic fir/Ii! and
(/10 leading, the guidance and HIP support, Mr
discipline [IN]! [/10 ancestral arr/cr'prai'irlctl,
modern men arc Mun/ml by u [effing 0/ being
(as! and (It/rift, mil/mu! purpose and meaning]
in f/lf’ ('a/u/ur'f of [/It’fl' fires. T/H’ thesis u‘ln'r-li
I (III! puffing to you is that l/l!’ mm/r‘rn void,
Il'lu'r'll "Wu/ls from {lie t‘llA'I and intricate
prom'ss' 0/ emancipation unr/ rationalization.
mus-I be ﬁller], (Ind Hint {lie universities mus!
[I'll (/u' can] because [he]; alone mm ﬁll it. "

—II'rI//er I. ippmrln

(from (I slurt’I/u'n/ (Ir/irr'rct/ (If Mr [if/it'll;
unnun/ mowing] u/ {/10 .-llllf’l‘7'(‘(fll Council an
It'r/ur-a/iun. Ur'tobr’r, 1.967, [Iris/i I'm/ton. /).('.)

in each era of Western civilization certain institu-
tions and their buildings arrest our attention because
of their conspicuous role in human affairs. in the Mid-
dle Ages the Christian church and its embodiment in
cathedral and cathedral city occupied such a position.
In the Baroque period ecclesiastical institutions gave
way to court and palace and the pomp and ceremony
of secular monarchy and hereditary aristocracy. The
Acropolis in Athens still stands as a vivid reminder of
institutional arrangements in ancient Greece. Our own
society reflects the obsession with rapid commerce and
industrialization. In the period following the Civil War
the secular temples of railway depots and banks, fol-
lowed closely by soaring skyscrapers, dominated our
landscape. What of higher education and universities
in the 20th and let centuries? The depots have given
way to airports at the edge of our cities and the cities
themselves sprawl into the open countryside. In the
emerging societies of the let century will education
become the new center of human existence?

The main thrust of our inquiry, research, and deliber-
ation was to determine the roles of universities in our
times and In the foreseeable future. Our conclusions ar-
ticulated readily with those of Walter Lippman and we
agreed spontaneously that the university must fill the
vold in contemporary life and provide Intellectual, mor-
al, and spiritual leadership in the modern world. Our
problem is not whether to undertake the task, but the
concrete one of bringing it about. In a real sense,
l/it' university is llu' z'rI/hi‘lll'tll of UM w'r-ulrlr city.

In the past, the university has evoked a variety of
different images which still hold sway over the Ima-
gination of students, faculty, and other publics. The
most common Is that of the university as an ivory
tower, somewhat separated and detached from society
and from the existential world of affairs. Closely re-
lated to this image is the university as a quasi—religious
center, monastic in character, and best typified by Ox-
ford aiid Cambridge until the middle of the nineteenth
century. Vestiges of this still remain in our academic
dress and conventions. A third image, more character-
Istlc of the early twentieth century experience in the
United States, is of the university as aplace for the
young to be socialized into middle and upper class
status. This type of institution was also isolated, and
its primary function was to superiiitend the last phases
of maturation. A pejorative summary of these three

images could he reduced to the following simple
terms:

The ivory tower
The monastery
The incubator

What all three have in common in detachment from
the market place, from world affairs, and from exis-
tential reality. Most families still View the university
as a place to isolate the young in safety as they pre-
pare to enter "real life." Professors and administra-
tors are thought of as caretakers acting inlaco parcntis.
All this has changed dramatically.

The break from old patterns was already begun in
the nineteenth century in such institutions as the new
universities of Berlin and London. in the United States
a fresh conception of higher education came into being
with the land-grant colleges and universities. The land-
grant Institution related itself directly, if not to the
totality of existential life, at least to Its agricultural
and mechanical components. These schools were often
looked down upon as "cow-colleges,” but in the course
of time they made great strides in the natural sciences,
In technology and engineering, and gradually became
strong in the liberal arts and humane studies. The AEzM
university quickly discarded the notion of the ivory
tower, but it still retained the common conventional
sense of detachment and gladly assumed the role of in-
cubator of the young, although on a mass production
basis.

The Ivy League schools of the East, and their imi-
tators in various parts of the country, tried to cling
to the ivory tower image; that is, they tried to remain
detached places of scholarship as well as centers for
socializing an American elite.

World War II was the turning point as the ivy League
type of institution and the midwestern state university
began to draw more closely together into a single
focus. Institutions like Michigan State started pioneer-
ing in general education and liberal arts, while Har-
vard and M.l_T. began to vie for leadership in the
world of affairs. Harvard crossed the Rubicon when it

crossed the Charles River and strengthened some_

of its own units such as its Graduate School of Educa-
tion and the Graduate School of Business Administra-
tion.

A fourth image became part of our vocabulary as
a result of President Clark Kerr's famous lectures at
Harvard, the multiversity.

Kerr contrasts his conception with those of New-
man, Flexner, and Hutchins. He also compares his
conception with the universities of Berlin, London
and the American landgrant institution. In essence,
the multiversity does not have a single vision of its na-
ture and purpose. It is not an organism whose parts
are inextricably bound together. In his own words,
"the multiverslty is an inconsistent institution. It is
not one community, but several." According to Clark
Kerr, it has many parts which can be added and sub-
tracted with little effect on the whole or even little
notice taken (except by those being subtracted).

In his Harvard lectures Kerr made two devastat-
ing statements whose repercussions we are still wit-
nessing:

(The mulrlverslty is) a mechanism held together
by administrative rules and powered by money.

(The multiversity is) a series of individual faculty
entrepreneurs held together by a common grievance
over parking.

We might add that the inultiversity is a case of
academic sprawl and although we cannot go back to
the vision of Newman and Flexner, we should avoid the
swing of the pendulum toward Berkeley.

Contemporary society ls deeply dependent upon its
universities and colleges for the conduct of its affairs
in just about every aspect of life: in business and com-
merce, industrial production, military affairs, gov-
ernment and all phases of administration. Even the
churches, as well as the institutions of the mass media,
come to the university for trained personnel and ideas.
Management techniques are untverstty~taught and devel-
oped. The large corporations of America recruit their
personnel in the universities, as do indeed the military
services. By the end of the 19505‘, the universities
were not only involved in every aspect of practical
human affairs, but it was becoming increasingly evi-
dent that more and better education was needed for even
the simplest and most mundane tasks. The era in which
universities serve as a safe and genteel means to keep
young people busy and out of trouble is past.

The modern world can hardly be perceived without
considerable higher learning. It may well he that the
bachelor's degree will become as universal as a high
school diploma. Even the world of entertainment and the
arts of leisure require considerable sophistication.
TV, hI-fi, and tape recorders lead one into electron-
ics. A fishing outfit is now a fairly complicated tech-
nological affair. Purely verbal and face-to-face con~
tact in the daily course of life are diminishing and
communication is through complex signs and symbols,
electronically transmitted. The generation: find it more

 NEWfYon'K . AT pygmy i;

of _
Report of the SpecieI

Committee

on .
Undergraduate Education,

 

difficult to understand each other than ever before.

Higher education has become a universal necessity.
not only because it makes society function in a matng
and technological sense, but more important because It
enables us to contemplate and understand the world,
to appreciate, suffer, and enjoy human existence.

ll.

SUMMARY OF PURPOSES AND GOALS

The university is, of course, dedicated to the historic
mission of discovering and transmitting knowledge and
Ideas. The modern university must give great attention
to the development of new knowledge and to the rein-
terpretation of old truths.

At Albany we agreed that we should take abroad
view of our mission and make the search for new

knowledge and understandinga jointventure/or students.-

aml faculty. But from whatever field knowledge In to be
transmitted, the student should not be deprived of the
joy of rediscovery. In the social sciences and the
humanities the study of the past may often give us
more questions than answers, but we still face the
problem of determining which are the best questions.
One meaning of being civilized is the quality of ques-
tions with which one faces existence. Old insights and
ideas give us a kind of agenda with which to face life.
Old Ideas tend to retain their vitality if they address
themselves to some fundamental aspect of existence
which does not become outmoded under new historical
conditions. Yet it is not enough to merely transmit
ideas since their form and substance are usually lim-
ited by the objective conditions under which they arose.
They need to be reformulated and modified in the light
of new circumstances and new ways in which the peren-
nial problems present themselves.

We were convinced from the very beginning that the
tone and style of the Albany University should play
down the mere transmission of knowledge as in an in-
tellectual cafeteria. Where transmission can beachieved
by educational technologies, it should be done. We
should not use. faculty time In doing things for students
that they can do for themselves or which can be accom-
plished with machines. "

The student-faculty relationship should be focused
on the intellectual process by which new knowledge
is discovered, the interpretation of the meaning and
significance of that knowledge and the analysts of those
fundamental questions of human existence which con,
front the world. The themes of inquiry, creativity,
rt'lcnmicc,mill innolnr’mcnt were basic to all our con-
stderations.

The university should be characterized by the joint
venture of students and faculty in perceiving, under-
standing, and improving the world. The adventurous
search in the realms of thought and sensibility will
give meaning and significance to human activity. The
university must do more than train people to perform
the sophisticated functions of modern society; it must
critically examine the way in which those functions are
performed and constantly re-examine their relevance
and significance to improving the quality of human
existence.

The university must also discover, define, and assess
the problems that confront society. it is simultaneously
engaged in conserving and transmitting the values of
the past and acting as critic and also as agent for the
generation of new values. Its capacity to conserve the
past depends on its ability to reinterpret it in the light
of new reality. lts capacity to make constructive contri-
bution to the future depends on its ability to link new
knowledge to historic human purposes.

In the broadest possible terms, the primary function
of the university is to prepare the student to meet an
unknown future. The university must provide the student
with knowledge relevant to his personal, professional,
and social rules. More important than the knowledge
itself are the habits and skills for acquiring new
knowledge and confronting new situations. Perhaps most
important are the ideas, attitudes, and questions with
which members of the academic community will face
the future. The university is the place to develop what
Alfred North Whitehead has beautifully called an "ad-
venture of ideas." it is here that one learns that the
adventure can be joyous, even playful, that it is one of
the most rewarding of human activities, and that the
game is for the highest stakes, since the qualityof
life itself is at issue.

One of the distinctive cliarttcteristics of the Albany
campus should be its concern for study on an interdis-
ciplinary level, and should be a characteristic of both
graduate and undergraduate work. The organizational
structure of the university should stimulate and facili-
tate contacts across the disciplines.

Further, the university should seek to bring about
a fruitful relationship between those studies Involved
in the education of man as man, and the programs which
man must master in his role as a member of a profes-
sional guild. Many constructive uniformly: are pu-

i.
t;
,

  
   
 
 

  
   
 
 
 
 

    

 

w . at...

 

   
  

 

       

 

   
  
 

   
    
   
     

