   
 

   
 

 

'5 < 4~ A «a w +, -w «4"l'rwﬁﬂ'Nw Vx. .\wgs».,mm.,.

i
g .
i
i

 

 

um... .. “rum-vb. .

noun...»

  
 

   
    
  

  
     
  
     
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
   

   

  
  
  
 

 

FRIDAY, novaiiaaa 22. ms
races

  
  

ALBANY swam 

   

       

 

it" bud!“ over these five years the total referendum Vote.

the" is no need for an increased ' . .
positive and negative) believe that
“Mam to. for at but that Ion" A “mph majority '- "on! whether to reject or sustain the referendum on tile student fee held on

. 9
Dunc 11 Tax
Tom. Editor: h If there still remains a belief because it allowed a vote or only 0‘30"" 23: 2_4t “f'd 2.5- " “‘e CW" declares "‘6 referendum of lhe
Dunc“ Nixon “Id in “den” il: attltthe increased athletic fee was 57.5% in favor to force a direct student body Inde because 0f the Petition Passed BIOUnd t0 stud
to the ASP 0! Nov. 8, am no on. or: uted to finance even in part tax on 42.5% of the student: who, on dinner lines, it will be sanctioning the “right” of a st d ems
who appeared at the no". for the r expanding athletic ff be ' u cm to make
Mmd'tory “1 "Minimum. . no e art to come informed on topics that confront him If the
student Tu W“ denied hi. HIM 5133.6 gull“: Council hm no. ' I m, mow}, moan,“ aw,“ referendum is rejected by the court because of another referral iii 1
to "m. we of the "mo" Nixon .hnlgduced by Duncan ooint to inform Duncan Nixon, charges that the referendum was improperly worded the c ‘ a
Sommittee have evidence to the quite cle 0“ make our palm "no 0PM." the 2/3 you ignmlnﬁ the intent or the 0 '9 ms t. I h , mm “Rube
coma” in the form of "it" C. ar. principal, that to attain his own - pa p p en ms t e teferendum and 0mm
who have signed to. and are umtTl amine“ aka {uh th“ the om“ or Plum“ a! cum“ people young on the mfewndum.
q es on 0 University financial come“. a 2,3 majomy you, ,m The three major statements in the petition which asks for in
required to insure that close to invalidation of the referendum contain an unstated clause' the stude :
' ll

5:3“:a: ﬁghts; tzni‘? till" priorities can be answered by the
oing. i
.mp1” fact that th‘ Ath'mc half of the Council would not did n tk Th m ..
have to put up with a President ° M“ e a“ “5 0f “"3 Wm", Which the court will act

Even if this testimony is refuted Advisory Board has presently a

(like a tax) whom they were not upon Sunday, admit that students were ignorant ofihe meaning of the
in favor of. word "referendum," and of the fact that the student fee which was
hated on everyone’s bill as $28.75, includes the student tax as well n
the athletic fee. a.

Supreme Court will be faced with a dec’ “3' .iii'i Sunday as,
. , 0

card t iii . Gresory ll. Spear
s a is time of the election, program. Also. conch“ could be

th
{0  3; 3233332311: provided from the additional Distortions Th ,h . . .
has long been the “paused Pen-Cy phys. ed. staff that must be hired . e 0 er Pomt of the petition based on student ignorance is stated
of Student Mocha“ not 0 cope with increased To the Editor: in a totally erroneous manner. The petition charges that students who

to e r .

allow those "om enrollment, and facilities (field
validation cards‘; vote. Witter: house, em) are already being m
of these people without cards
expected to assume that the rule
would be broken this time?
Indeed, if one was not a legal
resident of a State voting district Ni
would he be expected to go to the {a
polling place anyway and
“...approach the election officials of
and fian out what could be done feel
about the situation”? (quote clear

I have just read the summary of were not able to obtain their validation cards activit '

y lecture before the Forum of able to vote. The fact is that they were able to dole Titan“) were ml
Politics in ASP, November 12, did vote The [e h . ’ an d small number
1968' Unfortunately, it “pom .‘ ason w y more students Without validation cards did
much 0! what “aid in a distorted not vote is probably the same as why no more than 86 percent orihc
(“mom This is micuhﬂy had other students did not vote; they did not care about the referendum at

expansion of the athletic program,
simply because they are necessary
to a growing University.

Also included in Duncan
xon'a letter to the ASP was the
llowing statement.

around statements attributed to h . ..
me. As far as I know, the reporter waif] appimng as the pet't'onels Chalges
e ac nowled eme ' .
, could no, 3 m 0f the Ignorance of the student body ls ncl
quotations. F ‘
D °' "'mnce- I “m but as the fault of the student government. They blame the governmcni
uncan Nixon) Of course nott As was . British ' Ubl' ‘ '
. md‘ed, b. - pronuiied the Jews 8 p lctzing the referendum so lh
the rule stood. they couldn’t vote. student bod}: ahlbdlrilgt 22:21:33: Mpubuc‘ihey memy favored the at every smdem wou‘d km)“,
exerting any effort
would have been allowed to vote This ' home” d l d' .
_ I ' was mentioned once in one 8'3 ' 'd not say that the TWO 830 '8
at considerable inconvenience but article in the ASP but it should be Maronites or Copts were n s devmed to the fee appeared on the from Page or “‘15
sense would tell anyone in such a (a ‘ - ' "°"'M 1‘ ' . '
. . Prox.) signees of our petition do . us 'mg' The “mole leaves were “the; devmed enmel 0' am ' '
position not to try. not “feel” as Duncan does that th" 'ums'On that I Binsled out the elections and referendbm :ere 32:15:;ch fail Phone“ "dVerllSmg
' v a on t e cam us. Even
that the athletic fee deserves no sufﬁciently clear. We wish to seekdng to rem" "Editimsv While . p
more special attention than the emphasize the point that what I mad to commun‘c“t° the id" 3"" complain that there was not enough PUbllClly for the WI (1
_ . _ h but the basic inf ' are" um'
:30 m m i a s l r: n a. $86,600 pent,“ Council “feels” does not modernization as well as retaining ormauon abou‘ the referendum was Presented ‘0 the
p p r o p r a t l o n a n d invalidate what the signees of our loyalty to the tradition The second ref 1
$61200 appropriation lleaveth WM" 1 do not feel that this em Charges "W the wording of the referendum
reader to judge b th' e . 0" lhe question of whether or “9°” w“ unﬂattering. the Voter and was not worded as a bi b' '
y e not a 2/3 majority vote should be p055] e "'de I‘lw
athletics fee should have been
made known to the voters on the snidth Tax the ﬂames Of our Dapﬂnment or SOCIUIOEY
P 0" (r0. 700 more that and Anthropology

   
    

since you Place quotation marks that time. It can also be true that many students did not know what
d not use a tape recorder and
verbatim constdered an affrontery to the University student by the petitioners
sure that I did not say that the
the facts and implications of th
e mand '
If they had attempted to, they p0“. establishment of a national atory fee wrthoutihe student
the rule said "0' and common qune Clear that those 2,200 nommwa: I said they were newspaper, not to mention the numerous articles inside the paper that
As to Duncan’s second point the oint ' t Eumpean Jews
9 was mde made a“ a “mu” “suppression” published articles about the referendum Students 1
. . cal
Community Programming Duncan Nixon “feels” or what that bOth Jews and Arab! desire
I student body. if they wanted to read.
Communication Commission’s petition “feel”. .
distortions were seri
Wh th V ous.
e er or not the increased required m pass a Mandaiory Walter P. Zenner
ballot or at least in the ASP.

the first time opinion?
The referral also charges that
the referral itself, “Are you Ill

The mandatory athletic fec
amounts to well ove $115,000/yr.
for undergraduates alone. (based
on a conservative 6,500 pop.

   

 
 
  

    

estimate 1 a. -
The )Mhlmc B d h Hours 'or ' h I.“ I 1%. {Nor 0f ll mandatory slliilcnl
our as a res men women have M h 9"
, ' b The Dept. of . ICC. W'is a .. . . .
$160,000'surplm, which by their 933:; cfgcfgdegrLIE-iy nigni ior iliose sponsoring two 1:71:22? ’gpgyagfs is N Student Education Association or ‘ [Tm wurdul ‘15 ‘I I‘m.
own “mm!” is enough to run downtown all Jill-‘llthb Slum: WI" Memﬂn‘l from (no Ulnlverslly 0:; Mdhl'iwimm lu'o’ma' gathe’lng at bl” as “n opmum'
or nnizc a ' t . 9‘3 "n "ll M Bordeaux, mom”)! Sun ' - r
8 nd maintain a rooibnii 1.30 a.m. immmomumary bum” "ouch on. ﬁggf‘nmlglllllmll‘iacgtrili.’ ll: lllmswlll be shown and Stinky: The wording is weak. hill lllL‘
‘ at ca ' a

team for up to FIVE YEARS. '3?" W'” ""‘ °"
Assuming that whatever source of u
funds allowed

court must decide whether or lilil
llic voters interpreted the phrase

tile half hour from
lnllrmary bus stop to tile
downtown campus and on the hour

3:30 In HU 354 on Tliurs. Dec. 5. and
Prof. Remy Salssclln from the

this surplus to train the Wool U"'V°rs|ty ol R n
I ’ amparmdga has no ' oc oslbr wlll lecture In for more In .
accumulate wtll continue to feed the uptown campus. p o  0?, “From Pascal to 457 5723 0:052:25" atria for tickets "Are you 111 favor of" as lllL‘illlllljl
1a Translormatlon 01 V '1 Campunsnlor

pt— 7 . .
“That there lic.’ Wc liclicvc Illul

fr ‘ A 7‘ _~, ,

THE ALBANY

 

I Aesthetics Into Bourgeois Art,"

at 4
pm. In HU 354 on Wed. Doc. 11.

they did, and [hill 01ch zlic no

IZlOO mlndnluht to I

   
 
   

l
‘ to ' :00 ' a ,4 r . i
 ibis/maul" Education Association 0' in::°""K"“‘"“ Flo'smaSthaucfllm‘ defcnSlblL rhmmh Why th
‘ I . 5m” E)“,qu Bond "lacuna, m tanother purl oi the Carri u °"' referendum should be lIlV’lllLI'lli‘ll
PRhSS Fri. Nov 22 at 3:30 .m, r: °"°"' p s‘cm’" ‘ ‘ ‘ I
T i1 lrcplac
M lounge evaluation of student Teacher

Panel Program held on

e
it.
will be toplc for discussion E '
Is Invited. . vuryono ‘ I I I

Tues. Nov 19.

Any SEANYS member Interested In
w'orkLng on the lollnwlng committees
wlo ave not already signed u I
contact Jim Welss D. please

STATE UNIVERSITY 01" NEW YORK AT ALBANY

The Albany Student Press is published two times a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP ofﬁce,

 

located in Room 382 of the C at 4b7-8723
. . . ampus cam 5 c t or at
genaer at 1400 Washington Avenue, is open from 7.12 pm. Manx” blugmlltléonrmngli‘znz gxaTTn
un ay thru Thursday night or mu be i d . . cornmlllcos m ,, “mum ' ‘°
457-7190 or 4572194 y renew by dmhng “WHOM. Piibllclt T 50cm
. - . The ASP was established by the Class of San“, cmrlculum Rzél‘lonelblggzxz

1918.

Faculty Tea and Mack In
to r
and Constitution. mew 4M"

John Cromle Hunaer In America. Area students

  
 

    
        
    
    

Eduor‘iwcme/ will Italic a hunger real to an
Mowing Edna, Jm Pun“ E'Oblm- Nov. 24. First” 
News Editor , w "'Vf"""‘ C"”'°" 0' Albany. taxao
Arte Editor or“ Iglfma" :I'Phxugr': '"LAﬂa'lCd' will be shown
Sparta Editor (fl-:m  463.2155. ' on' 0mm)“ ‘3"
Tgclmical Edna, Day“ scherer A"Vane Interested In Hebrew classes
 Edna; Ed! Tim Keeley next semester lor credit, plea" com.“

8 ‘ grep y tors Ed Retalme 'l'om Peterson M" Nlcolonolui. 55 346, by Tuna". 't‘?"§l‘,.l,",  l
mum mm Philip anchlni N“ “v V“ I;
Advertising Manager . “ it -‘ “M
E Daniel Foreman p "‘ V \ '
neuth Editors Margaret Dunlap, Sam Kiltitley Linda Benton “IMER. Anyone who ﬂaunt.“ m. " “‘ ‘ -v' T

i return of material submitted for the "dung... i

 
  

Fall ’66 lilue of PRIMER
please i:
your student mailbox In the C.C. me"

 

All communications must be addressed to '
I the d
signed. Communications should be limited to gixlgongllsztalr):

 

subject to editln The V'”' Slim
mwnmmw {moo inlonflbany Student Press assumes no imam...“ 20,122,712 5:": more
P expressed in its columns and WWW" (Volunteer! Miami} . ' "' ""' 'i' 13-5-7“? Wulli ,» “mmn‘” r"... if...“

Comunlcﬂiloﬂl as such explo“ 0 I 0 0 mil. (us i N i
‘ t ' I n n I ﬂecemrlly Teﬂecl  "it "W" M'llllEVEll l
d. ‘ (I ,G' , SM ‘Sll(>"" I‘ll I "391‘
VIGWI FINIde   ax WNENITCOMES 70 7|.AVIMHI:sillfrﬂfzsumﬂg I“

J.w. Corbett, phone 45
7-6316
Alice Corbin, campus center 357. "m

 
 

 

 

 

 

Assistance) are available through Prof l

 
 

 

 





i.
it

   
  

may, noveuaaa 22, ms

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

  
 

PAGE 5

 

The

by Robert lumen

Right Way

Off Center .,............

 

 

 

 

i
l
i

In 1960, if you asked someone
why they didn't like Richard
Nixon the probable answer would
be, “I don't know; there’s
something about him, but I can't
put my finger on it." During the
Nixon-Kennedy contest, this reply
seemed to be standard for those
people who opposed Mr. Nixon. It
had a bandwagon effect among
Kennedy supporters, it became
their pet phrase.

In 1968, Spiro Agnew has come
under similar attack. Today the
“thing to do" is to be against
Agnew. Whether you have any
reasons seems to be unimportant.
Ask someone why they are so
hostile towards him. Ask them to
objectively analyze his record and
qualifications. Th 3 chances are

most of his critics have never
bothered to examine his record.
They are just content to yell
"AgneW" in their favorite
sarcastic tone; just like somelirat
grader who thinks what his friend
is saying is pretty smart, so he‘ll
say it too.

Vice-president elect Agnew was
educated at Johns Hopkins
University and the University of
Baltimore where he received his
Bachelor of Law degree. During
the years 1962-66 he was County
Executive of Baltimore County,
the second largest in Maryland. In
1966 he was elected Governor of
Maryland over George P:
Mahoney, a candidate who many
any used racist appeals.

Throughout his career as ii
public servant some of his most
notable accomplishments were
made in the field of civil rights. As
Baltimore County Executive he
vigorously backed and signed one
of the first ordinances banning
discrimination in public
accomodations. As governor, on
April 21, 1967, Mr. Agnew signed
the FIRST open-housing law
south of the Mason-Dixon Line.

On December 12, 1967 he issued

a “code of fair practice" which_

BACK OFF !

 

banned discrimination
smploymnent and by
working for the state. This is
certainly not the record of a racist
as many have called Mr. Agnew.
While he is not the most
experienced man Mr. Nixon could
have chosen, his credentials
compare favorably with others
backed for the job, such as John
Lindsay.

in state

Finally consider the now
infamous conﬂict of interest
charge by the New York Times. It
was originally made by Rep.
Clarence D. Long concerning the
building of a second bridge across
Chesapeake Bay. Long claimed
that Agnew was pushing for the
bridge to be built because he
owned land near the proposed
cite. From rtie floor of the US
Ho use, Rep. Rogers C.B. Morton
defended Agnew. Agnew had

publically disclosed that he owned
the land prior to the gubernatorial
rima of 1966. On Sept. 16,

 

he

LI

into an
trust _ ‘ with
the Maryland National Bank
under the terms of which the
bank was to make a suitable sale
of the land within one year or put
it up for public auction. On Oct.
31, 1967 the land was sold for
$13,200, at a slight LOSS to
Agnew." (Congressional Digest)

1966 entered
in

To me it is very strange that
last spring when Agnew was
backing Rockefeller, northern
liberals were all singing his praises
for being a true southern
progressive. Then suddenly, when
he switched to Nixon he became a
racist reactionary. While I would

have preferred that Mr. Nixon had
chosen a different running mate, I
fail to see that Spiro Agnew is the
bogeyman everyone makes him
out to be. I am sure that if you
study his record, you will come tor
the same conclusion.

 

Today is the fifth anniversary Eisenhower's joy at leaving the
of the assassination of President Clpltol. He probably was
Kennedy. It is as good a time as NVIG'lnI hll imprelelve eageer so
any to look back on the tragedy IbﬂlPllY ended It In {Oﬂyﬂﬂnr
of the last eight years, He, like Lyndon Johnson on his

In 1981 it appeared to all New right, was reconciling himself to
Year's observers that we had belnlﬂhlﬂoflcll {Willow-
marked the end of the post-war Relegated to an office “not
are. The previous November, two worth a cup of warm spit,"
men, born in this century, Johnson realized that his day was
competed for our highest office. done. He understood that the
The fact we. as significant 3. it New Frontier would have little
was symbolic. The victory of the room for an old "pol" like
forty-three year old Catholic was himself.
the hilrald of a new day; it seemd The Prelident hnd the people
to most that the New Frontier with him. He effectedaconaenaus.
was more than a slogan. Blacks and whites fought together

Inauguration Day was the day in, what was then called, the civil
of the transition. There on the rights struggle. Martin Luther
platform were the aged Presidents King called for a March on
Eisenhower and Truman. The Washington. Hundreds of
ascendancy of youth meant the thousands came to show their
final act in the New Deal Drama. approval of the President's plans;

In reality, the Inauguration was We were' moving in new
“ “Imam” 0‘ "I" dynamism iirections.Abullet intervened.
and vitality of the American Even in our sorrow we thought
“Stem ind knew that the dream could

Richard Nimn did not share iot be killed, that America would

 

 

 

iurvive. Our optimism was
inwarranted. History may wall
' t e

J hnSo new November 22, 1963 as
  E by“: k slay the tide began to run out for
Diane Battaalino :he United States. As tragicas
President Kennedy's assasstnation
was in its immediacy, in the long

We wish to take this Wilson, Joan Adam, Catherine Kappa Delta; Bev Christie. "mlth 9V9“ more “ﬁlm

opportunity.to congratulate all Bertini, Linda Gilmore, Eileen Eileen Cortese, Barbara Cowen, Out of the rubble of Dallas
the new sorority pledges for Fall Howe, Andrea Kapil. Ennid Pat Dahl, Angela DeSantis, Linda emerged Johnson and Nixon.

1968. We wish them luck and
happiness and hope their
sororities offer them new and
lasting friendships us well as a new
place in our University
Community.

Pledges to the various sororities
are as follows:

Beta Zeta: Kathy Carney, Sue
Haley, Sue Ruvelle, Judy
Seligman, Denise Craft, Heather
Davis, Carol DiNapoli, Amy Glass,
Risa Goldberger, Randye
Goldman, Linda Leiss, Karen
Miller, and Linda Sliuliinof.

Chi Sigma Theta: .Joun
D’Arcungelis, Gail Drcxier, Linda

_I-liinnri, Margaret Wlilsh, Mary Ann

3! BU ICII McGUERTY

Padrusch, JoAnn Segbers, Carol
Steinman, and Alice Wolslegel.
Gamma Kappa Phi: Maureen
Johnston, Judy Arkell, Janice
Highers, Eileen McCormack, Patti

Weber, Peggy Donovan, Judy
Grauer, Judy Hallasey, Cheryl
Kupras, Sue Lieberman, Susan
Peters, Lori Porter, Marion
Smoler, and Linda Wells.

Kappa Chi Rho: Kathy
Blotnicke, Linda Caputo, Kathy
Lenhurt, Joan Orlando, Vicki

Custcgner, Barbara Ettinger, Beth
Goldmuchcr, Nancy Gusset, June
Hoes, Cirryl Jacobs, Barbara
Kiiplan, Marion Lebbed, and
Melanie Shcnkmun.

 

 

 

The incident (lcscribed iii lillil
weeks “Brick Off“ was not u
figmcnl. of the imagination, it was
ii completon true story.

****

1L liiis been rumored Llinl
suvcrcul dormitories on Colonial
Quml have not. Iiiid Candy
machines, that have been in the

dorms since the beginning of
school, filled iii. all. This has
caused considerable irritation

among students who have either
lost money to the machines or
who have had to wnlk ii
considerable distance for ii more
candy bar. Therefore, if it is ill. all
possible, would whoever owtill
these machines stop picking their
noses with so much relish and
elther “fill ‘om up or pull ‘cni
out!"

Food Service is putting on it
fantastic display of good food and
correct procedure for the
residents of Colonial Quud.
Residents have the choice of
either going through a regular liot
lunch line or the Colonial
Delicatessen line.The question now
on many lips is how long will it be
before their fantastic service
comes under observation, and
how long will it be before the
efficiency will be corrected.

The crews were noticed
shoveling furiously last
Wednesday, but the object of
their labors was the botanical
gardens not the walks.

several persons

Heard

complaining Lliiii llitl Snack Bar
was so noisy that they couldn‘t
hour themselves think, bulihcy
would probably find that what
they would hear, if they could
hear themselves lliiiik wouldn't be
worth listening to anyway.

Didn‘l. go to the concert lust
Friday because of two reasons:

I. l feared the 3000 people
crush iii the 2900 people capacity
gym'

2. Figured tliiit Judy Collins
would probably sound better on a

record rather than trying to usu
the acoustics in our unucousticiil

gym.
but“!!!

The campus is again at peace.
The time of biicknenbbing,
clinructer ilssiisinnlion, and
judgement is finished. Rushing is
over, pledging has begun.

arts

Due to an apparent oversight
on the part of the udminstrntlon,
Thanksgiving Viicution will
include Thanksgiving this year.

 

byJIM

 

Invisible Man On campus

SMALL

 

 

’l‘liis past Saturday night, while

enjoying the atmosphere of our

Riitliskcllor, I came 'upon ii
surpr sing fact; I don't exist!

A friend and l were nipping
over our beers about the nature of
this life. I concluded my part of
the mic It will with the statement

“I don‘t exist."

It has been said that we are the
respective
my
idea, l have assumed thistobe u
verity. The annihilation of the

of our

products ‘
In developing

experiences.
first person singular, the "1"
depends on this point.

Experiences, as

interaction and

the antithesis of apathy.

reactions
between people. are dependent on
interpersonal
involvmenl. This interaction, on
active force in human relations. is

l, in this column or elsewhere,
can't exist. If I am acting or
writing by myself, I am only
hypothesizing an existence. Only
when l interact with my fellow
men can I exist. When we achieve
some form of rapport, the WE
exist.

This is a pleasing, though in
some ways suddenlng,thought. In
extension, it means that the
apathetic students on this campus
don't exist. Their lack of
participation and interaction
' brands them as more spectors;
unfortunate little beings with
stunted souls.

The reddening part Is the
number of‘nomlnally apathetic
people on this campus. What a
waste of natural material; too
many embryo existences being
destroyed.

DrexeL Dawn Dromirecki, Pamela Presidents. Who would have
Goodman, Susan Heffernan, Mary tllalllllllv “- 908811316.

McAlliater, Lois Provino, Barbara This bllngﬁ “9 l0 t“‘dﬂy- Five
Stundke, Lia Uustal, Ann Walsh, years since they killed Kennedy.
a“d Jery YOSWEln- seven months since they killed Dr.

Phi Delta: Barbara Carroll, King and Bobby would have been
Kathy Elm“. Pamela Hliilllnsr forthy-three on Wednesday.
Estelle Inkeles, Terri LaReau, [t is almost, too much to

Gloria Ragoneltl. Carol Anthony, believe. Shortly before June fifth
Anne Marie Barber, Carol Dubin, in LA_ 3 Newsweek writer
Nancy Engelman. Marjorie Harm. predicted that when they kill
Bobby Kennedy, it will be the and

Ellen Horatauer' Phyllis Hyman‘ for the United States as we know

Ronnie Mnasin, Maureen, . ,, .
McDowell. Elyse Seltzer, his it. Was it? The government still

Solomnn‘ and Deborah Walter. lives in Washington." Perhaps The
Psi Gamma: Lissa Gentile, crewcul. types are returning to
Albina Bourgeois, Connie Washington, just like 1928. Old,
Carpenter, Wendy Cukell, Put young men. The business majors
Hammond, Mary Hurt, Bev will inherit. the earth—or at least
Monnat, Faith Nolun, DeDe America. But I guess it was theirs
Pnsquslc, Mary Patrick. Donnii all along.
Soson Nancy Subik, Luuril Terliisk Eight yours ago it was not too
late “to seek ii newer world." I'm

Pool, Barb ’l‘upper, Jo Ann

Whiilen, Celeste Yunni, Sharon afraid that it is too late now. And
Zruly. and Virginia Zuzze. I'm not even sure that we deserve

Sigma Phi Sigma: Jenn ii “newer world‘.‘

Germiller, Carol chzieluwa, Ann ’I‘lie Camelot legend will grow
Suertiii, Mury Dwyer, Gnil to even greater dimensions.
Greene, Kiltliy Liivendur, Betty Because we have to believe that it
Limerick, Mary Ann Puglisi, wasn’t always like this, that once

there was hope. Tile thousand
cont'd to p.6.

CLASSIFIEDS

Just write your ad in the box below. one word to
each small square, cut it out, and deposit it in a sealed
envelope in the ASP classiﬁed advertising box at the
Campus Center lnfonnati'on Desk, with 25 cents for

each ﬁve words.
The minimum price for a classiﬁed ad will be S.l5.

We will also accept no ads that are of a slanderous or

indecent nature.
Please include name, address, and telephone number

Cindy Sullivan, and Helen Harris.

 

 

with the d.
Claniﬂeda will appear everv Fri. - IleadiinelWed. noon.
WANTED Pair of 7:00-13 Dunlop snow

 

 

A roommate for apartment tires. 326. Bob Rice 457-4902

 

with 2 other girls. ll Interested

call 482-2253.

Mary. Soyans ensemble!

Allle.
Harrad Culleue Inquiries: Box
423, Lamar". New York.

 

Sail Albany Liberator on
campus? call 463-7788.

Olo comic books 1930-65,

 

 

bio-little books. pulps, and

related Items. wins Don Fooia. 0"“ "‘d B'"‘"‘°°" "m"

a Nocno. Nathan.

 

 

 

Mallroom. New campus, or
“574373 To Big any. The barbershop
For; SALE may be a suicidal place, but I
love you lust the same. From
Duel loos c T'“ KM

 

 

aleno turntable/changer walnut

nun" ‘49..“ “lame.” P“. In stomach, chln. director,
4042.

leg. burl. and RA. Thanks for
visiting-«Tile Eye

 

 

 

 

  

 

