 
  

   
         
    
 
      

   
   

.-.— 4Mzﬁdﬁ~_‘.

  
  

 
   
 

  

2“”..- I... C at

—v :4. .. a...
4...). “vex-A

i,

 

,_,....,.w :..

W”...

. _,.— 4 .4 u,J' as..- '2':..-;"“..a 3;:

   

 

breeding requirements for'entrance into the univer-
any. rte General College, on the other hand, will, in

7 all likelihood, he constantly pressing for its own con.

ception of liberal education, which may or‘ may norbe
at variance with conceptions held in the departments.
We take tide kind of disagreement as normaiand healthy,
and hope that the ensuing discussions willgenerate more
light‘than heat. Although the Committee did not extend

to , » Vconai ‘ ,glgmmoitﬂlﬂl.’

  

_ approaches which would be largely interdisci-
plinary in character, stressing larger units of study rath-
er than the individual courses. While we see the entire
process oi higher education as attempting a reconcilia-
tion between personal and professional needs, the Gen-
eral College would stress the more general human and
persorgl aspirations oi the student.

0th“

The Departmental Program. In the normal tension
between the requirements oi general education and spe-
cialised education, the claim is often made, and indeed
it was raised in a most sophisticated fashion in our Stu-
dent-Faculty Seminar meetings, tint a specialized aca-
demic department is the best agency for overseeing
the entire educational program of the student in all as-
pects. At present, even, the most specialist-oriented
Universities and colleges restrict such an approach.

"The Committee recommends that students belg'iven the

option of piecing their total education within the hands
oi a single department. in practice, this would mean
that a freshman emailing for a four-year bachelor's
degree could select a departmental major upon accept-
ance into the university, and that his program would
then be completely under the jurisdictionvof a single
department. We propose that each department set up its
own system oi counseling and academic advisement,
and establish its own procedures.Some maywant to tailor
programs to individual students. Others may turn the
students loose, and still others may set up a well-
defined pattern (or patterns) to which students must
conform, e.g., it might simply require the present pat-
tern oi University College prior to declaring a major at
the" junior level. In any event, we would leave the
decision to the departments and recommend that the uni-
versity legislate only the bare minimum standards, and
thus maximize departmental freedom at the undergraduate
level for the entire four-year period. A student with a
passion for music, or physics, or English, or whatever,
would commence his study under the auspices oi masters
in that field and receive not only guidance for his-her
specialised work, but also for general and liberal arts
education.

One important stipulation which applies to the depart-
mental program, as it does, indeed, to all the programs
suggested in this report, is that adequate provision be
made to assure students of the possibility oi uswapping
horses midstream," to change from one program to
another with some ease and no prejudice. We insist,
rather strongly, that students be given academic mo-
bility within the university, and that they be free to
move from one program to another with a minimum of
administrative and faculty restraint.

Independent Study.

Independent study is a means oi learning, butas a goal
oi edlcation it far transcends in importance any issue
oi method alone. Independent study should not be consid-
ered apart from the total aims oi higher education. in
relation to these aims, it involves both the form and the
content oi the educational process. it is, in fact, both
a philosophy and a method, and above all, a spirit or
atmosphere in which this process can develop. if we
conceive the process of independent study as the
maturing oi the individual's learning capacity, than
it 15 education itscllI. in other words, in the last analy-
sis, only independent study is effective study, since the
implied contrary, “dependent study," is by definition
not a self-generating process and cannot form n valid
educational concept.

in the past, and in certain circles still, the basic
supposition has been the existence of a more or less
fixed corpus of information and concepts and its (‘on-
sequent transmission by teaching to a relatively pass-
ive subject. We would assume, rather, the development
oi tools by which information may be explored, handled
and integrated by the student engaged in the learning
process. In this sense, independent study is central
to education.

We strongly recommend that all necessary steps be
taken to make independent study a dominant factor on
the Albany Campus.

Spool/it's -

l) Cooperation with existing plans to grant credit
by examination, e.g., ETS, New York State
Department oi Education College Proficiency
Program, of celera.

2) Elaboration and extension of SUNYA programs
for credit by examination.

3) increase support oi students engaged in inde-
pendent study by liberaiizlng access to labora-
tories libraries and instructional resources
(including the most recent and advanced educa-
tional technologies and media).

   

ALBANYS’TUDENT PRESS  " '

i) Widespread publication and dissemination of
syllabi, bibliographies, examinations and other
materials. ’ -  _

ll) Establishment oi an administrative office for

. incontinent "study at the level of either the
deans or academic vice-president to guide and
encouragelthis activity. _ .

8): The use oi independent study as a techni us

within the stiuc'ture of courses, e.g., read ng v
’ ‘ periods, in addition to the broader devices sug-

 
   

. . , , fsuﬂkt'ru :3
sion. for a ' may
program in the event a three-three calendar
is adopted. In addition to the normal three
course load per quarter, students could be
given the opportunity of pursuing a parallel
’ independent study project. Theamount oi super-
‘ a vision, in such cases, could vary from com-
plete independence to relatively close collab-
oration with a single professor or a faculty
group. (This recommendation in no way re-
places the unstructured uses oi independent
study).

The Experimental College

The State University of New York at Albany should
create an experimental college designed to develop a
program oi liberal education, by integrating the last
three years oi high school and the first two years oi
college. Students would be admitted at the beginning
oi the tenth grade and prepared for admission to the
larger university community at the junior year.

This kind oi institution may replace, or at least
provide an alternative to, the traditional liberal arts
college. These years appear to provide a superb oppor-
tunity for an institution devoted to liberal studies within
the American system of higher education. The Experi-
mental College should have an autonomous status with-
in the universlty with its own faculty and with ample
authority to experiment. This proposal is also premis-
ed on the likelihood that increasing numbers of Amer-
ican families not only will be able, but willing to send
their children away to school at age fifteen.

it is important that the College, while autonomous,
should be associated with the university. individual stu-
dents should, under certain conditions, be permitted to
take courses in the university when their own develop-
ment requires it. it also should be possible for faculty
oi the Experimental College to offer courses in the
university, but their primary allegiance should be to
the College. The College administration should also
be ambled to use the services oi professors in the
university for special courses and lectures. The Col-
lege faculty will, however, govern itseli, especially
with respect to salaries, promotions, tenure and pro-
gram oi studies.

Although we propose to cover the traditional three
years oi high school and the two years oi the lower divi-
sion in four years, acceleration is not the purpose of
the College. An integrated plan should economize some
oi the student's time.

We also propose to use up to three summers for edu-
cational experiences (which in effect is the fifth academ-
ic year). One summer should be an intensive study of
a second language. ideally, this would include living and
studying abroad, and might include one regular semes-
ter as well as the summer. Another summer should be
devoted to an offcampus experience with art or science,
such as those provided new by Professor Vincent Schne-
fer for high school seniors at Whiteface Mountain and
other locations. The third summer should be spent in
direct contact with some important social problem.

Students who expect to go on to the university will
be admitted to.the College, which will be concerned
with their education as human beings and citizens,
not as specialists. The education in a specialty will
be the clear task oi the university. Here the normal
expectation will be that the student's program will lead
directly to the master's or doctor’s degree rather than
the traditional bachelor's degree. indeed, we recommend
as the degree for graduation from the College something
like “international baccalaureate,” which is now under
development by the international Schools Examination
Syndicate (iSES) in Geneva. Switzerland.

The idea of the illli'rllullmml lult'mlltllm'utz' first arose
from the special needs of international schools and the
special contribution they can make to education today.
With the growth of an international community of per-
sons working outside their own country and frequently
changing their residence, international organizations in
particular, such as the World Health Organization,
UNESCO, and the European Organization for Nuclear
Research, often find that their greatest single problem
in recruiting stuff is the education of their children.
They are, therefore, vitally interested in international
schools which will articulate with universities in many
countries.

American educators are participating in this devel-
opment through the Advanced Placement Program of the
College Entrance Examination Board in New York
(CREE). The luturnationol lmm'rlluurr'utv Will attempt
to provide a degree which will make it possible for
a student to enter a university in any oia large num-
ber of participating countries. We urge further inves-
tigation oi the possibility for SUNYA to participate
in a program oi this kind so that our degree will enable
a student not only to enter the university at Albany,
but also universities in other parts oi the country and

abroad. The international Schools Examination Syndicate
was set up in 1904 as an association registered under

   

1

Swiss law andtas'an international council. it has'been » -
'assisted by grants from the TwentiethCentury-Fund
- and the- ord Foundation, and has the support oi UNESCO

and the a‘ssistanc'eoi a number oi working parties drawn

from different countries which are now investigating '

the general structure oi examinations and syllabi of-
particular subjects. .  .-
The 15135 new proposes to seek the cooperation oia
limited number oicareilllly selected international schools
and universities in the experimental operation oi an

V intornananslbaccalaureate from 1970 to 1976. The Spe-

:Um.cm "comment 
may. Wmtﬁ'a‘a‘ﬂavorand coordinateobrm
with others. ‘

We believe tint the EmerimenulCollege is the creative
response to the ‘ " ‘, J .. ,“ and ‘
iorces presently confronting us. it attempts a new kind oi
resolution oi the present tensions between liberal educa-
tion and specialization which now existxin American high-
er education. TheCollege should provides model for other
institutions to emulate when the objective forces in our
society create a special opportunity,about 1980. The con-
version oi some existing liberal arts institutions to the
pattern oi the Experimental College may provide their
salvation. However, in the long run, such colleges ought
to be clustered about university centers. This conception
oi clustering may prove superior to the concept of the
University oi California at Santa Cruz, which attempts
to make the university a cluster of colleges giving a con-
ventional baccalaureate degree. it is doubtful that the
Santa Cruz pattern can managejhe tension between lib-
eral education and specialization, and indeed the colleges
seem to be specialized from the very onset. The super-
iority oi the Experimental College resides in the fact
that it proposes a separate faculty with great autonomy
and, does not depend upon professors with dual responsi-
bilities. At the same time, it enables the students to take
advantage of the university.

The proposal does suggest the desirability of a new
kind of faculty. it should be better than the present high
school faculty, but not as specialized as the staff oia
good many liberal arts colleges. The Experimental
College should be attractive to scholar-teachers who have
broad interests and who are person - rather than re-
search-oriented. We propose the establishment of several
distinguished professorships to attract such iaculty. We
recognize that, in a sense, we are creating the need for
a new kind oi teacher, but such persons exist, and even
before any of our deliberations were discussed in public,
one member of the Committee was approached by sev-
eral persons interested in exploring the possibility of
teaching in such a College.

 

Postscript

Our report was prcporcrl .s-o/nvu-lm/ in
the spirit ofo statement Il‘lllC/I is o/‘lcn
provider! to an architect prior to II‘lN
development of sketches and (/Nm'lm/
drawings. The student {mu/N's, pro/r»
sors and administrators o/l/u' unicorn-fly
as o u'llolc must (won/null}; .wrrr u..-
f/n’ architects. ("rig/incurs. um/ run/rm»
tors. ll'c arc only .s‘llr’f'lfljllif/ broml. you
eral guidelim's om/ l’l'l'li Munro (“'1’ fl/H'Il
to discussion (Iml (flung/v. T/u' (‘o/Ilmitlrr
ottomplr'd to disc/largo its [lfllf'llllllllj/
limiting I'lscl/ to tho .s'lruoturz' of um/orv
'f/le/llflll’ m/uorlf'iou lI‘lI/Illf Ilu' [org/or
unim'rslty fro/M'II'or/l'. I/ lriw/ lu u/‘oir/
i'nti’rlng/ into I/u' 4/i'lui/x u/‘rm‘l'ir'uluI/I
(Hill(li/IIIlIllN/l'flf‘lflll um! i/ Ironm- l/u'm'
rrum‘u/ muffl’rx lo subsi'qurn/ plum-(H.- of
yrou‘l/I rlm/ (/f'f‘t’llI/Illli'lil. Hill II‘IHI/l'l'l’l'
[ml/urn or pat/onus If't‘ m/n/rl. Irv org/1'
(l/I flf‘f‘lllli[Hui/(I/lflll (Iftlr/IIIl/llN/l'fl/ll't' olu/
uI'i/rlnl'aulimm/ [II'or't'r/uri'x lur'oulinuulm
I'nuurutinn II/u/ l'.I'/l('I'll/Il'li/il/lffll. 'I'lu'
dynamic..- of u IIIlH/i'l'll ur/wo and {NV
i/ll.\'/I'lfll .s'm-io/y. rm- WI! 118 Mo fly/mun
it‘s of //u' unicorn-fly I'lsf'lf. I/ml'r' lIIl/ll'l'll
Ill'f’ l/u' .t/l'i/l/‘H/ fli/tl/I/ll/ltlli of m/m'rl
Ill/Ii /o How now/x u'lu'lt’ t'mlM'I‘r/ny //u'
(H’Nf of (I‘ru/ilionu/ I'll/ilt'N.

Sulumlli-(l In [Iw Simiunihuml |~‘m-ull,\ iur lh.--.irn.-.~
u-lmmn mul livvininn ll't'lllll‘l‘il ll_\’ 0. “llllillll

l’I-rlmuliur . [Full h‘vuu'aipr, IllliT

('nnunillx-n:
llr. i). \t‘illium l’vrlunllln-r, llmm nl liu' ('ul-
101.10 ni [\l'lH ltllll Hl'lnilm-H
l)r. /\|l'r«ui li‘lilitt'lﬁll'lll. /\S.‘€lx'li|ll' I‘rui’umnur
oi" ('hvulistry
llr. lillgnllu ll. Ml'Lilrl‘ll, [\Hmu'inlu I)l'ill| “1'
ll", (Inllugn ul Arlca llllll Sl'imu-nu
Dr. l"runk W. Knlmin. l‘l‘Ui'uHsnr nl‘ Al-vuunlinu
nnd l"l|lilil(‘n .
llr. Alhlruy 1.. Kniuvnl, I‘rnl'nsxur Ill iinlllillll‘l'
lmuguuuun' llllil (‘mnpuruliw Llil‘rilllll‘t'

llr. thllil S. Vimvr. \"Il'l- l'rm».ulvlll l’ur Armln'luir

  
  
 

 

 

Ai'luirﬁ, (‘llltll‘illllll Mlll'l'il lilliti

 

 

ALBANY, NEWLYCORK
Collins Discusses

Draft Effects
On Grad Schools

by Don Stonkovoge

President Evan 11. Collins dis-
cussed the new draft policy and
its effect on the University grad-
uate program as well as several
activities of the Faculty Senate.

He expressed the belief that the
University's graduate school an-
rollment, in spite of the new se-
lective service regulations,
should increase 10 per cent over
this year due to the addition of
new schools and the extension of
existing programs.

However, President Collinsal-
so stated that this 10 per cent in-
crease would still be a reduction
from the usual 30 to 40 per cent
growth experienced in previous
years. Said President Collins,
concerning the abolition oi grad-
uate deferments and its effect
on educational institutions, "1
think we're heading toward a sit-
uation which is clearly impos-
sible."

President Collins also com-
mented on the recommendation of
the Executive Committee of the
Faculty Senate to its members to
institute an Ad Hoc Faculty Com-
mittee on Teaching in order to
emphasize the importance of
teaching and to explore ways to
improve teaching in the Univer~
sity. The Faculty Committee has
also asked Central Council toes-
tablish a parallel student com-
mission to work with the faculty,

The Faculty Council on Pro-
motion and Continuing Appoint-
ment has distributed to the facul-
ty a criteria for advancement
and tenure. Three specific cate-
gories were stressed as basic
attributes of the capable college
level instructor. They are schol-
arship, teaching ability and serv-
ice to the University.

Dr. Webb Fiser, Vice Presi-
dent of Academic Affairs,
has asked ‘to return to his con-
tinuing appointment in the Politi-
cul Science Department. He wish-
es to reassert himself in his ori-
ginal professional field.

President Collins expects a
Successor to Fisertobeconfirm-
ed within a month. The President
declined to name the potential
candidate.

Open Door Policy
Still Under Study

A drive to allow closed doors
during open houses hit n snug
when it was found that no one
had been assigned the responsi-
bility for the conductoi residents
if the proposed policy is' imple-
mented.

The closed door bill was sent
to the Council of Student Resi-
dences, which is under Faculty
Senate, after being passed by
Living Area Affairs Committee
(LAAC). Council oi Student Resi-
dences tabled the bill until LAAC
could fix the responsibility ofthe
new policy.

it is expected that LAAC will
come up with a stutement that
will charge the individual student
with insuring that the rules of
conduct are iollowedJnuil likeli‘
hood Residence Assistants or
stuff will not be obliged to check
rooms during open houses.

After LAAC hns amended the
bill then the Councilwiil be ready
to not on the bill. The bill will
not become policy until it has
been approved by higher bodies.

Council of Student Residences
is composed of one undergraduate
student, one gruduate,twoiacuity
members and one representative
of housing. ' '

V3? 1.
PEOPLE LEAVING ALBANY County Police Court otter

the first day of the Dow demonstrators trial. The court decided
to fry eoclI detendant separately.

Grant Individual Trials

To Dow Defendants

by Tim Keeley

When the court convened Mon-
day morning, March 18 for the
ten defendants arrested at the
Dow demonstration, the D.A. Wil-
liam Gray moved that separate
trials be held. The case was ori-
ginally intended to be a mass
trial of the ten defendants against
the people of the State of New
York.

Consequently, the case of
James Whitney versus the People
of the State of New York in the
Police ert of Albany County
was begun.

This case is the first in nchain
of cases that will be presented
before the magistrate of the court
in the coming weeks.

James Whitney, along withnine
other defendants, was arrested
for disorderly conduct in con-
nection with the Dow demonstra-
tion of February 21.

The attorney for the defenseis
Jonathan Harvey, a local attorn-
ey, who graduated from the law
school at Union University.

Representing the people of the
State of New York is the Albany
County D.A. William Gray. Pre-
siding over Monday's court was
the honorable Michael V. Tepe-
dino.

Tile trial began at 12:40, at
which time a motion was made
and granted that the court adjourn
for lunch until 1:30.

The case reconvened at 1:55.
ilurvey began by makings motion
that the case be dismissed be-
cause of the statement of n Uni-
versity security officer who "is
not in peace officer in means of
the penal code as it relates to
this case."

To prove his point, the defense
culled Chief James J. Connolly
of the security police to the wit-
ness stand.

At this point iiorvey moved
that all witnesses, except the de-
fendant, be asked to leave the
court room. Among those nsked
to leave was Clifton ll. Thorns,
vice-president for student ui-
fairs. Thorns had been subpoen-
aed by the defense.

Gray proceeded to examine
Connolly asking information
about the physical aspects of the
scene of the arrest, until 3:05.

At one point Counally referred

to the demonstrators as protes-
tors. This prompted Harvey to ob-
ject to the use of the word ‘pro-
testors.’

Harvey explained, “We are not
trying a movement or a concept
but an individual — James Whit-
ney."

Connally revealed that Dr.M.C.
Olson told him that the Univer-
sity police should take action.
And that the Albany police would
be called. This happened around
four o'clock on the day of the
demonstration.

The D.A. then asked Connolly
if he saw Whitney at the demon-

(C‘ontlnuml on Pug/c 7)

University

by Loren Ostronder

To inaugurate the newly es-
tablished Center for Science and
the Future of Human Affairs at
the University, Congressman
Emilio Q. Daddario gave an ad-
dress last Sunday night, entitled
“Science Policy and the Hidden

Council Approves

CC, CPC Budgets

by Vic Leeper

Central Council approved all
budgets for Communications
Commission and all except three
of Community Programming
Commission's and commended
the Election Commission for
"the best elections ever” at its
marathon 4%- hour meeting,
Thursday, Mary 14. All other
(budgets were considered yester-

ay.

According to most observers,
the budget meetings are one of
the most important of the year.
it is at these meetings that the
future plans of the Student As-
sociation'and the amount of mon-
ey needed to enact these plans
are unveiled, considered, weigh-
ed and decided upon. The budgets
which were passed will be for
the fiscal year July 1, 1968 to
July 1, 1969.

Council has so far budgeted
approximately $138,000 forCom-
munity Programming Commis-
sion (CPC) and, $73,000 forCom-
munications Commission (CC)
for a $211 ,000 total.

Council actual appropriations
totaled $80,000, $61,000 and
$147,000 respectively. The dif-
ierence between the total budget
and appropriation will be made
up by income lines of $52,000,
$12,000 and $84,000 respective-

13’.

The $147,000 appropriation fig-
ure for the two Commissions
compares with a total appropria-
tion for all Student Association
(SA) groups of $152,000 for the
present fiscal year, '67-'68.

All the above and following
facts and figures are based on
the original budgets as passed
by Council last year and do not
reflect any additional appropria-
tions or newly budgeted groups.
Unless otherwise stated, the
term budget will be defined as
appropriation.

Role In Science Rev.

Explained At Introductory Speech

War.” Congressman Daddario is
presently the chairman of the
House of Representatives' Sub-~
committee on Science, Research
and Development.

in his address,Duddario stated
his belief that the type of new
institution that the university now

 

CONGRESSMAN DADDARIO (lelt) centers with President
Collins (right) otter his speech on "Science Policy and the
Hidden War" to inaugurate the center for Science and Future
of Human Mini".

    
     
    
  
 
  

   
 
  
 
 
 

  
 
 

any»

‘ 0L. LIV. no. 18

      
 
 

Most budgets were increased
to help cover the rising cost
of printing, photos, supplies,
provide for more copies and to
provide for new, increased and
better programming.

A few budgets were decreas-
ed due to higher income lines
and the fact that they may have
bought the major equipment that
they needed under their ’67-'68
budgets. The largest increase in
the C.C. budget was WSUA, an
increase of $9,068.70, from $6,-
683 to $15,751.70; the largest
increase in CPC was CPC itself
of $9,886 from $2,000 to $11,866.

The reason for the large in-
crease in WSUA’s budget was
that they will be making major
engineering changes and will also
add State Quad to their listening
audience. CPC’s budget was in-
creased because it now encom-
passes recreational and arts con-
cerns in its budget, and for the
initiation of new programming.

One of the most noticeable
facts in this year's budgets was
the large number of riders which
were attached. Seven riders were
attached to approved budgete,two
were for one budget, one was
added and one was removed.
Dramatics Council's budget
which was tabled until after the
CPC investigation of the group,
contained three such limiting
stipulations.

All riders were additions to
budgets in the CPC area and stat-
ed certain conditions about in-
come, evaluation oi events, la-
beling, inventory and insuring,
price differentials for SA and
non-SA members, and addition-
al forthcoming appropriations in
the case that financial sponsors
could not be obtained for certain
events.

The new rider added from the
floor concerned ticket sales for

(Cantirluml on Pogo .7)

 
  
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
      

    
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
     
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
   
  
     
  
    
   
   
       

has, "could be of immense worth
— particularly in the role of alert-
ing this generation as well as
succeeding ones to both the values
and dangers of applied science."

Daddario discussed the bless-
ings that technology has given to
us and also the many evils that
spring from this development
of technology. He statedthat along
with the great advances in food
production, in medicine, and in
communications, come increased
population, increased numbers
of obsolete workers and increas-
ed smounts of air and water pol-
lution.

lie continued by commenting
that many times technological de-
velopments are pursued "largely
because we know how, and be-
cause others are doing it and we
feel we must compete for a mul-
titude of reasons."

Duddurio then commented on
"the hidden war" as being a war
of ignorance. Withthetechnologi-
cal developments we "need to
find out how, why, und what we
—humuns —— are doing to the nu-
tural rhythms of earth and to the
life and environment upon it.”
The Congressman continued by
using the example oinuclear pow-
er plants. These power plants
generate tremendous amounts of
power, but they also "disohn'

((‘onfiuuud on I’ugc

    

 
 
 
  
     
      
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
 
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    

  

