  

  
  

 

 
  
    
    
   

 

 

    
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  

\
i
h
.
.
\
.

 

 

State

 

by Duncan Nixon
Sports Editor

 

Edward Durell Stone blew it again. His architectural I

designs are certainly impressive, but in many cases
they are hardly functional. When lfirst saw the new
gym, I thought it was tremendous, and it is, for watch-
ing a well conditioned varsity basketball team in action.
However, the first time I walked onto that center court
for an AMIA game, I knew there was definitely some-
thing wrong. To the ordinary beer drinking, once a week
AMIA “athlete” the center court is more like a football
field than it is a basketball court, and anyone who sits
on the sidelines and watches a game there will quickly

realize the court’s effect.

Most games start with teams fast-breaking madly
up and down the court, showing little or no respect
for lung or limb, but this torrid pace doesn’t last
for long. In League lV games it's about once or twice
up and down the court, Leagues 11 and III usually last
three or four minutes, and League Igames sometimes
keep up this madness for as long as 10 minutes. But in
all leagues the second half often resembles a slow mo-
tion video tape replay. People complained about Page,
but after a 40 minute session with a bunch of freshmen
who are still in relatively good shape, one can easily
recall Page through a rosy haze of forgetfulness.

Seriously though, don’t get the wrong impression.
Not everyone who plays AMIA ball is one step from

a wheelchair,

as a matter of fact there are some
rather talented ballplayers

especially in League I.

The two teams that we sent to the Extramural com-
petition at RPI, are both well stocked with talent and
it’s a good bet that at least the first team will have a
good shot at the title. The first round will be played

April 2,

the second round April 3 with games at 8

and at 9:15 p.m., and the finals will be Saturday, April

4 at 9:15.

Extra-murals are a big step forward for

Albany, and the rest of the schools involved, not only
do they add an aura of prestige to the whole AMIA set-
up but they also provide an incentive for the really
top performers in each of the sports involved.

Another good thing about extra-murals, is that they

give us something to write about this

time of year.

There is now a four week lull before the next varsity

event,

and for this reason we have cut back to two

pages for the time being, but once the spring season
starts, the action will be fast and furious, with activity

on all fronts.

St. Patrick’s Day is Sunday, for a look at Pat's
present day disciples check out page 15.

Rules For Gym, Pool

Smoking is allowed only in the
lobby areas of the first floor.

Children are permitted in the
gym only when accompaniedby
parents. Only those locks issued
by the Phys. Ed. department may
be used, all others will be des-
troyed.

The Universal weight machine
is restricted to those who have
received instructionfrom a mem-
ber of the Phys. Ed. staff.

Towel service is available to
men and women. Male students
may obtain a privilege card at
the general offlcefor $2.00, while
women may obtain their uniform
and towel privilege by paying a
$2.00 fee at the bookstore.

Students are also requested to
refrain from walking across the
track and field area.

Pool Regulations

Swim only when a life guard
or instructor is present, never
swim alonel

No shoes are allowed on the
pool deck.

No one with a rash, sore or
cold will be allowed in the pool
nor will anyone with bandages.

Hot soap and water showers
must be taken in the nude before
donning a bathing suit.

All with long hair must wear
bathing caps.

No hairpins or chewing gum
will be allowed.

There is no running or horse-
play allowed.

The high board may not be
used during recreational swim,
and the use of the low boards
may be limited by the life guard
on duty.

Use of pool equipment and per-

sonal equipment be authorized by
the lifeguard.

Women students must wear
university bathing suits, male
students must wear bathing
trunks; bermudas and gym shorts
will not be allowed.

Groups of 15 or more who
plan to use the pool duringspeci-
fic hours on a specific date
must notify either Mrs. Pat
Rogers, or Dr. Alfred Warner-‘5
office at least one week prior
to that date. Cancellations may
be made no later than 48 hours
prior to that date.

Notices
Varsity Goll
There will be a meeting for all
candidates for the varsity golf
team Monday, March 18 at 4:00
p.m. in the second floor lounge
of the Phys. Ed. building.

an ball
The AMlA Handball Tourna-
ment will begin on March 15.
Pairings are available at the cage
in the new gym. Top player in
each pairing is . ““n fnr

 

ALBANYSTUDENT Press

Danes Name All-Opponents
Wili‘ams Claims Two Spots

3%:

   

TH E WOM
splash on Saturday.

ENS SWIM CLUB OPEN ED the new pool with o

  

 

Friday, March 15, W68

by Don Oppedisano

Williams College, which hand-
ed Aibany State one of its four
losses this season, placed two
men on the Great Danes’ All-
Opponent Basketball team,
chosen by the varsity players.

Bill Untereker and Jay Healy,
both seniors, were named to the
five-man squad along with Corne-
lius Reed of Pratt, Russ Marron
of lthaca and Howie Dickenman
of Central Connecticut.

Williams Tough

Williams defeated Albany, 73-
69, in the second game of the
season, with Untereker scoring
28 and Healy 26. Untereker, a
6-foot-7, 220 pounder, scored
mostly from the corner, while
6-3 Healy, an All-East selection
last year and captain of the
Ephmen, tallied from the out-
side and on drives.

Reed, probably the quickest,
best-shooting guard Albany saw
all year, led the voting, although
his selection was not unanimous.
The 5-8 jump shot artist scored
the most points of any individual
against Dick Sauers' crew this
winter, canning 30 in a 91-72
Albany victory, last month in
Brooklyn.

Mermaidsln HomeDebut  "gem, ,,
H00 sters End Season

'l'ha Albany State mermaids
edged Potsdam, but fell to
Skidmore last Saturday, as they
swam the first event in the new
pool.

Ellen VanNortwich and Ronnie
Sharp were Albany's only first
place finishers, as both raced
to school and pool records. Van-
Nortwlch captured the 100 yard
free style in a time of l:ll.5,
while Sharp copped the 100 yard
breaststroke in l:25.9.

Ann Rohrbach also scored well
for the mermaids, as she finish-
ed second in both the 100 yard
breaststroke and the 100 yard
individual Medley. VanNortwich
also gained a second, as she
sped to another school record,
with a time of 31.2 in the 50
yard freestyle.

The freestyle relay team of
VanNortwich, Betty Wepy, Carol
Frew, and Barbara Hicks also
took second. The 200 yard Med-
ley team of Renee Krinsky, Rohr-
bach, Sharp, and Wepy was third,

he were Wepy in the 50 yard
free, Hicks in the 50 yard back-

stroke, Sharp ln the 50 yard

butterﬂy, and Krinsky in the 100
yard backstroke.

The final scores in this triple
dual meet were: Skidmore, 51;
Albany 36, Albany 48; Potsdam
45, and Skidmore 51; Potsdam

Meanwhile, the women’s
basketball team closed its season
by splitting a double-header with
Onennta. in the first encounter
the girl's last minute comeback
was thwarted, as Oneonta came
out on top 46-37. Leslie King and
Carol Perkins led Albany with
13 and 12 respectively, but One-
onia's Elaine Sortino was un.
stoppable as she dumped in 30
points.

In the second game Albany
came storming back to score a
43-24 win. Jean Herrick led the
way with fourteen, as she made
her last performance a memor-
able one.

Coach Bobbl Jordan’s team
ended with a 6-7 record but most
of the girls are returning, so
they hope to improve on this
mark next season.

Marron, who
tereker one vote behind Reed,
helped Ithaca snap Albany's
school-record winning streak at
14 games. The 6-2 junior came
off the bench to score 21 points
in the 77-69 Bomber triumph.

Central Connecticut was the
last team to defeat Albany, prior
to the Danes’ long winning skeln,
eking out a 91-89 decision in
mid-December.

Dickenman, a 6-4 junior, led
the way with 22 markers and turn-
ed in a strong rebounding effort.

No Repeaters

Other players who received
more than one vote in the post-
season balloting were Ed Eberle
and Doug Bernard of the Univer-
sity of Buffalo, Jim Robinson
of RIT, Ed Shuster of New Paltz,
Bob Voss of Hamilton and Larry
Layton of Central Connecticut.
Eberle and Bernard were named
to last year’s All-Opponent squad,
but there were no repeaters on
the 1967-68 club.

Co-captains for next year were
also elected at the post-season
meeting of the varsity players
and will be announced at the
Winter Sports Banquet on March
28.

Rich Margison Named by ECAC
Second Ever To Make All-East

Rich Margison, Albany State's
Mr. Basketball. has doneitagain.
This week he was named to the
ECAC Division 11 All-East team
for the 67-68 season. Rich was
named to the ECAC’s weekly
teams on three occasions, and
thus garnered enough points to
be among the four guards chosen
to the ten man team.

Rich is the first junior in
Albany history to gain All-East
recognition. Dick Crossett was
named as a senior.

Marglson certainly had out-
standing credentials, ones that
practically could nol be ignored.
He led the team in points per
game with 23.4, in field goal
percentage with an excellent57.2

per cent, and in free throw per-
centage with an equally fine 80.5
per cent. He was also second to
Scott Price in the reboundingand
assist departments, but the real
hallmark of his game is con-
sistency, as he has now played
in 43 varsity ball games without
once falling below doublefigures.

Rich also did pretty well in
comparison with his predecess-
ors. His 195 field goals set an
all time record, eclipslng Don
Cohen's old record by two. liis
514 points place him second on
the all time scoring list, while
his point per game average is also
second best in Albany State his-
tory.

'i‘he all-lime scoring mark is

also within reach, as Rich now
stands fifth on the all-time scor-
ing list with a total of 879. Don
Cohen is the present leader with
a total of 1365.

With his fluid drives, and dead-
ly outside jumper Rich will be
even tougher to stop next year.
Few if any defenders were able
to hold him man-to-man this sea-
son, and this in itself isaspeclal
contribution, for teams are often
forced into unfamiliar defenses
simply in an effort to slap Rich.
Coach Sauers certainly must be
more than happy to have such a
fine all-around ballplayer return~
ing, and with Marglson leading
the way again, chances are that
the Great Danes will have equal
success next season.

 

contacting his opponent. lfunable
to do so please contact the com-
missioner, Tom Plotrowski(45'7.
8918). First round must be com-
pleted bv Wednesday, March 20.

omen 5 So boll
All girls interested in play-
ing intercollegiate softball
should report to the physical
education building at 3:30 p.m.on
Monday, March 18 for practice.
Work Study
The opening of the new gym
has created a number «openings
for those interested in and
eligible for work atudypositions.

 

Reasonable

 

Norihway laxi For All Your

5 otisfocfion _— 24 Hour Service
Unlike Any Other Service - Prompt, Dependable,

New - located «1533 Central Ave. Norihway Exit #2
You Can Reach Us at 869-8850

laxi Needs

 

 

  

    
  
 

 

M-

 

 

 

    
 

 
  

Report of the Special

Committee

    
 
      

 

 

Latter

Memorandum to Students and Faculty:

A special committee of the Undergraduate Academic
Council was appointed in January 1967, to undertake the
task of relating the needs of undergraduate education to
a world of accelerating change. 011 Several occasions the
special committee met with a larger group which was
called the Student-Faculty Seminar. The results of the
committee's endeavors are presented in this special re-
port on "New Patterns in Undergraduate Education."
The report has already undergone several preliminary
screenings. The initial draft was reviewed and criticized
by the join Student-Faculty Seminar and by the Under-
graduate Academic Council. Students and faculty willhave
a further opportunity to review and comment on the report
at a hearing which will be held at the Campus Center on
March 20, 1968 at 8:00 p.m.

Sincerely,
Webb S. Fiser

Vice President for

Academic Affairs

 

 

 

l.
The Historical Context

“One of the yrm/ phenomrnu of the human
condition in the modern age is the dissolution
of llw ancestral order. lhc erosion of estab-
lished authority, and having lost the light and
the leading, [he guidance and the suppori, the
discipline that the anvcsiral order provided,
modern Illl’n arc haunted by a focliny 0/ Mind
lost and adrifl. without p'urposr’ and meaning
in the" condm-l 0/ [heir lives. The flu-sis which
I um puttiny to you IN (ha! (/1:- ma./...... 
which rmul/s from thtl was! and I'ntrlc'ofc
process 0/ cmam-ipatlml (1nd mlionulizalitm,
mus! be filled. and (ho! [ho unll'crsilim mus-l
fill fhr' I-uid bcr-(Iuw {hwy alunr (‘07! [ill ll."

» —ll'(Il/(‘r Llppnmn

(from (I slain/non! (ll-lircn’d (ll tho fi/iic/h
unnqu Ilwcling 0/ {hr :llllf’l'lf‘dll Council on
Education. Uf‘lllbf'l', 1.967. ll'ushing/(on. I).('.)

in each are of Western civilization certain institu-
tions and their buildings arrest our attention because
of their conspicuous role in human affairs. in the Mid-
dle Ages the Christian church and its embodiment in
cathedral and cathedral city occupied such a position.
In the Baroque period ecclesiastical institutions gave
way to court and palace and the pump and ceremony
of secular monarchy and hereditary aristocracy. The
Acropolis in Athens still stands as a vivid reminder of
institutional arrangements in ancient Greece. Our own
society reflects the obsession with rapid commerce and
industrialization. In the period following the Civil War
the secular temples of railway depots and banks, fol-
lowed closely by soaring skyscrapers, dominaled our
landscape. What of higher education and universities
in the 20th and lel centuries? The depots have given
way to airports at the edge of our cities and the cities
themselves sprawl into the open countryside. In the
emerging societies of the 215i century will education
become the new center of human existence?

The main thrust of our inquiry, research, and deliber-
ation was to determine the roles of universities in our
times and in the foreseeable future. Our conclusions ar—
ticulated readily with those of Walter Lippman and we
agreed spontaneously that the university must fill the
void in contemporary life and provide intellectual, mor-
al, and spiritual leadership in the modern world. Our
problem is not whether to undertake the task, but the
concrete one of bringing it about. in a real sense,
lht’ unim‘r-x‘ily is Ihl‘ ru/hwlrul 0/ Mr .xz'r-ulur r‘lty.

in the past, the university has evoked a variety of
different images which still hold sway over the lma~
ginaiion of students, faculty, and other publlcs. The
most common is that of the university as an ivory
tower, somewhat separated and detached from society
and from the existential world of affairs. Closely re-
lated to this image is the university as a quasi-religious
center, monastic in character, and best typified by Ox-
ford and Cambridge until the middle of the nineteenth
century. Vestiges of this still remain in our academic
dress and convanlions. A third image, more character-
istic of the early twentieth century.experience in the
United States, is of the university as aplace for the
young to be socialized into middle and upper class
status. This type of institution was also isolated, and
its primary function was to superintend the last phases
of maturation. A pejorative summary of these three

images
terms:

could be reduced to the following simple

The ivory tower
The monastery
The incubator

What all three have in common is detachment from
the market place, from world affairs, and from exis-
tential reality. Most families still view the university
as a place to isolate the young in safety as they pre-
pare to enter "real life." Professors and administra-
tors are thought of as caretakers acting inloco pawn/.133.
All this has changed dramatically.

The break from old patterns was already begun 'in
the nineteenth century in such institutions as the new
universities of Berlin and London. in the United States
a fresh conception of higher education came into being
with the land-grant colleges and universities. The land-
grant institution related itself directly, if not to the
totality of existential life, at least to its agricultural
and mechanical components. These Schools were often
looked down upon as "cow-colleges,” but in the course
of time they made great strides in the natural sciences
in technology and engineering, and gradually became,
strong in the liberal arts and humane studies. The A&M
university quickly discarded the notion of the ivory
tower, but it still retained the common conventional
sense of detachment and gladly assumed the role of in.
cubator of the young, although on a mass production
basis.

The Ivy League schools of the East, and their imi-
tators in various parts of the country, tried to cling
to the ivory tower image; that is, they tried to remain
detached places of scholarship as well as centers for
socializing an American elite. .

World War II was the turning point as the Ivy League
type of institution and the midwestern state university
began to draw more closely together into a single
focus. institutions like Michigan State started pioneer-
l/l‘ia‘"a.f&"ﬁn?i {Ed‘li‘ééiqfl .and .ubml .am. JubileJ-lar:
world of affairs. Harvard crossed the Rubicon when it
crossed the Charles River and strengﬂlﬁm’!d 50"“?
of its own units such as its Graduate School of Educa-
tion and the Graduate School of Business Administra-
tion.

A fourth image became part of our vocabulary as
a result of President Clark Kerr's famous lectures at
Harvard, the multiversity.

Kerr contrasts his conception with those of New-'

man, Flexner, and iiulchlns. He also compares his
conception with the universities of Berlin, London
and the American landgrant institution. In essence,
the multiversity does not have a single vision of its na—
ture and purpose. It is not an organism whose parts
are inextricably bound together. in his own words,
"the multiversity is an inconsistent institution. it is
not one community, but several." According to Clark
Kerr, it has many parts which can be added and sub-
tracted with little effect on the whole or even little
notice taken (except by those being subtracted).

In his Harvard lectures Kerr made two devastat-
ing statements whose repercussions we are still wit-
nessing:

(The mulilverslty is) a mechanism held together
by administrative rules and powered by money.

(The multiversity is) a series of individual faculty
entrepreneurs held together by a common grievance
over parking.

We might add that the muliiversiiy is a case of
academic sprawl and although we cannot go back to
the vision of Newman and F‘lexuer, we should avoid the
swing of the pendulum toward Berkeley.

Contemporary sooteiy is deeply dependent upon its
universities and colleges for the conduct of its affairs
in just about eyery aspect of life: in business and com—
merce, industrial production, military affairs, gov-
ernment and all phases of administration. Even the
churches, as well as the institutions of the mass media,
come to the university for trained personnel and ideas.
Management techniques are university-taught and devel-
oped. The large corporations of America recruit their
personnel in the universities, as do indeed the military
services. By the end of the 19505', the universities
were not only involved in every aspect of practical
human affairs, but it was becoming increasingly evi-
dent that more and better education was needed for even
the simplest and most mundane tasks. The era in which
universities serve as a safe and genteel means to keep
young people busy and out of trouble is past.

The modern world can hardly be perceived without
considerable higher learning. it may well be that the
bachelor's degree will become as universal as a high
school diploma. Even the world of entertainment and the
arts of leisure require considerable sophistication.
'l‘V, hl-fi, and tape recorders lead one into electron-
ics. A fishing outfit is now a fairly complicated tech-
nological affair. Purely verbal and face-to-face con-
tact in the daily course of life are diminishing and
communication is through complex signs and symbols,
electronically transmitted. The generations find it more

    
  

difficult to understand each other than ever before.

Higher education has become a universal necessity,
not only because it makgs society function in a material
and technological sense, but more important because it
enables us to contemplate and understand the world,
to appreciate, suffer, and enjoy human existence.

ll.

SUMMARY OF PURPOSES AND GOALS

The uaner-Slll’ 15, of course, dedicated to the historic
mission of discovering and transmitting knowledge and
ideas. The modern university must give great attention
to the development of new knowledge and to the rain.
terpretation of old truths. -

M Albany we agreed that we should take abroad
view of our mission and make the search for new
knowledge and understandings joint venture/or students--
and ﬁlculfy. But from whatever field knowledge is to be
transmitted, the student should not be deprived of the
’joy of rediscovery. in the social sciences and the
humanities the study of the past may often give us
more questions than answars, but we still face the
problem of determining which are the best questions.
One meaning of being civilized is the quality of ques-
tions with which one faces existence. Old insights and
ideas give us a kind of agenda with which to face life.
Old ideas tend to retain their vitality if they address
themselves to some fundamental aspect of existence
which does not become outmoded under new historical
conditions. Yet it is not enough to merely transmit
ideas since their form and substance are usually lim-
ited by the objective conditions under which they arose.
They need to be reformulated and modified in the light
of new circumstances and new ways in which the peren-
nial problems present themselves.

We were convinced from the very beginning that the
Wimand .vala M the Alhanv Universitv shoul nla
tellectual cafeteria. Where transmission can beac leved
by educational technologies, it should be done. We
should not use faculty time in doing things for students
that they can do for themselves or which can be accom-
plished with machines.

The student-faculty relationship should be focused
on the intellectual process by which new knowledge
is discovered, the interpretation of the meaning and
significance of that knowledge and the analysis of those
fundamental questions of human existence which con-
front the world. The themes of inquiry, creativity,
n'lcnancc,andin’llolw’nwnh were basic to all our con-
siderations.

The university should be characterized by the joint
venture of students and faculty in perceiving, under-
standing, and improving the world. The adventurous
search in the realms of thought and sensibility will
give meaning and significance to human activity. The
university must do more than train people to perform
the sophisticated functions of modern society; it must
critically examine the way in which those functions are
performed and constantly re-examine their relevance
and significance to improving the quality of human
existence, .

The university must also discover, define, and assess
the problems that confront society, it is simultaneously
engaged in conserving and transmitting the Values 0!
the past and acting as critic and also as agent for the
generation of new values. Its capacity to conserve the
past depends on its ability to reinterpret it in the light
of new reality. Its capacity to make constructive contri-
bution to the future depends on its ability to link new
knowledge to historic human purposes,

In the broadest possible terms, the primary function
of the university is to prepare the student to meet an
unknown future. The university must provide the student
with knowledge relevant to his personal, professional,
and social roles, More important than the knowledge
itself are the habits and skills for acquiring new
knowledge and confronting new situations. Perhaps most
important are the ideas, attitudes, and questions with
which members of the academic community will face
the future. The university is the place to develop what
Alfred North Whitehead has beautifully called an "ad-
venture of ideas." it is here that one learns that the
adventure can be joyous, even playful, that it is one of
the most rewarding of human activities, and that the
game is for the highest stakes, since the quality of
life itself is at issue.

One of the distinctive characteristics of the Albany
campus should be its concern for study on an interdis-
ciplinary level, and should be a characteristic of both
graduate and undergraduate work. The organizational
structure of the university should stimulate and facili-
tate contacts across the disciplines.

Further, the university should seek to bring about
a fruitful relationship between these studies involved
in the education of man as man, and the programs which
man must master in his role as a member of a profesv
slonal guild. Many constructive relationships are p05.

 
 
  

  
 
 
 

