 

 

 

  

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  

 

PAGE 4

ELEVEN

by Gale McAlIister
Staff Reporter

In its history, the New York State
Teachers College, which is now the State
University at Albany, has had eleven
Presidents.

Its ﬁrst President, when the institution
was called the State Normal School, was
David Perkins Page. Hie presidency, or
principalship, lasted from 1844 to 1848.
Page had very little formal education and

 

DAVID r. PAGE, rim principal.
worked energetically for the
establishment of the institution.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

was basically a self-educated man.

Theory and Practice of Teaching, a
book concerning methods of teaching
written by Page, is considered one of his
greatest contributions.

When Page died in 1848, George R.
Perkins took over the presidency of the
school until 1852. Perkins was considered
one of the most “accomplished
mathematicans in this state."

Samuel B. Woolworth held the
presidency of the school from
1852-1856. Ht! was the first President to
have a college education. Woolworth was
also responsible for first introducing the
lecture method to the Albany school to
help replace the recitation method.

David H. Cochran took over the
Presidency in 1856 and held it until
1864. Cochran was considered to have
been a successful President. The next
President, Oliver Arey, did not get along
well with the faculty; his administration
only ran from 1864 to 1867.

From 1867 to 1882, Dr. Joseph Alden
was President of the College. It has been
writen that he was an “intolerable” man,
but most of his contemporaries agreed
that he was a better educator than he was
an administrator.

Dr. Edward P. Waterbury, President
from 1882 to 1889, accomplished several
important things during his
administration. First, he reorganized the

Campus Societies Grow

Community

by Valerie Ives

Probably one of the earliest
organizations on campus was the
Philomathean Society, formed about

1870. It was composed of young ladies
who met once a week for the purpose of
instruction and entertainment.

The Newman Study was organized in
1908. The purpose of the club was to
study the life and works of the Cardinal
John Henry Newman. Another important
organization existing at this time was the
Young Women's Christian Association. Its
function was to unite the students of the
college in Christian fellowship and
promote the well being of new students.

The first sorority, Delta Omega, was
formeo in 1890. The promotion of
physical, literary, ai'd social activity for
its members were its purposes. Since
then, fraternities and sororities have been
an active part of the campus, Formed in
1897, Kappa Delta is now the oldest
sorority on campus. Its function was one
of “furthering friendship, loyalty, and the
development of the individual.“ The first
fraternity was Phi Delta.

World War I brought about a
curtailment of fraternity life. The
Intersorority Council was formed around
1920 and it sponsored an annual hall, like
Winterlude which is now held by Special
Events Board. In 1931, the Edward
Potter Club appeared. Rejecting the idea
of a Greek letter, the thirteen men who
organized it named the club after a
member of the class of ‘20, who was
killed in World War 1.

Even by 1900, these organizations
provided only limited activities, such as
the freshman reception and some plays
produced by the sororities. ’l‘he Giceks
still sponsored must of the activities even
after World War I. One major activity,
however, was started in 1922, when the
first Campus Day was held and the ﬁrst
Campus Queen was crowned. This
developed into what is now Homecoming
Weekend.

The first student publication was
begun in June 1892, “the Normal College
Echo." This was considered the main
unifying iorce of the school, “reflecting
college activities and interests.” The State

Minded

College News was organized in 1916, and
the yearbook, “Pedagogue,” in 1912.

Sports have never really been much of
an important part of the college. The first
intercollegiate football game was played
in 1922 by the freshman team. Hockey
was organized in 1916. In 1925, neither
team received appropriations in the
budget and have not been brought back
since.

Soccer, the major fall sport, was
organized in 1949. The proposal for
funds to begin a fall varsity sport was
presented to a student assembly and
soccer was decided upon, soccer
equipment being less expensive than that
for football. Basketball, probably the
most stable and successful sport,
appeared in 1916, and wrestling began in
1955.

The Student Music Council brought
the Trapp Family Singers to Page Hall in
December of 1949. The Trapp Family
was made famous by the broadway play
and movie based on their liVes, “The
Sound of Music."

The Forum of Politics sponsored a

 

 

SOCCER, inltitutcd as a college sport in 1949. may enounter another fall sport
next year, football. This I956 team starts its daily practise before a Torch photographer,

    

Alumni Association. Then, he compiled
an historical catalog of the graduates of
the Normal School. The Willett Street
building was constructed during
Waterbury ’s administration.

During the years 1889 to 1914, Dr.
William J. Milne was President of the
college, and he instituted a broader field
of study. Dr. A. R. Brubacher, the ninth
President of the College served from 1916
until his death in 1939. During this time
he transformed the old Normal College
into the Teachers’ College.

Among Burbacher's accomplishments:
he gained national recognition for the
college, he raised the status of the
factuly, obtained more extra-curricular
activities for the students, developed
Student Association, raised the standards
for admission, had three buildings
erected, and worked for an extension of
the curriculum.

Dr. J. M. Sayles was the next President
and stayed until 1948. During his
administration Sayles and Pierce Halls
were erected.

Dr. Eran R. Collins, President since
1948, has guided the College, and now
the University, through its yeateet

   

  

PRESIDENT EVAN R. COLLINS. who announced he will leave the University next

mom, oscsnasii i3, ms

PRESIDENTS GUIDE SCHOOL

  

CHER, called by the

. A..
students. “,Brubie." was President from
I9hIS to 1939

c anges. Alden, Waterbury, and
Brubacher, as well as the new
complex, were built during his
administration. Now after 20 years
Collins will leave behind a University that
he began, guided, and established in the
academic wo

 

September, has lead the University through its greatest change. The immediate problem
facing the University is who will be able to fill his position.

speech given by Eleanor Roosevelt here
on October 19, 1961. “How the United
States Can Best Inﬂuence the World
Against Communism" was her topic.

The movement for a radio station was
begun in 1953, but the activity was not
actually started until October, 1962. The
State Radio Station, WSUA, began
broadcasting in February of 1963. The
station’s broadcasts consist mostly of

  

music with special events, such as sports
or speeches. The programming varies,
according to whoever is emcee for the
hour.

The University Freedom Council
invited Bayard Rustin, civil rights
organizer to the University on November
20, 1964. He spoke about the future of
civil rights. The Freedom Council Llth
the topics as a basis for a panel
discussion. He said that the Negro docs
not seek special rights and privileges, but
that “he will not be stopped from sharing
in all the institutions of American life.
There is nothing revolutionary about
that.”

Also sponsored by the Freedom
Council was an appearance made by
James Farmer, piomincnt figure in tin-
civil rights movement. He said, among
other things, that Segregation in northern
ghettos in many ways is and will in-
harder to combat than segregation in the
rural South.

The Forum of Politics sponsored .1
lecture on March 115, 19157, by Harrison
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize Winning
journalist who had toured North Vietnam
during the last week of 1960. lie was
noted to have said that the Vietnam war
could end in six months. This same group
brought the recent appearance of Allen
Ginsburg to the campus.

Today, the traditional academic clubs
are still ii part of the college, but there are
also more community-active clubs. No
longer are faculty members required to
act as advisors; the students run their own
organizations.

 

.wbwuw... .* e-.- , , _,

FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13,1968

  

IN MAY, 1883, money was appropriated for a new school on Willet! Street facing Washington I’a

 

There were we ms for experimental work in chemistry and physics, a reference library, reading rooms, and

an assembly hall but no gymnasium.

Involvement Within Society

Mark Of This

by Betty Anderson
Staff Reporter

Involvement and awareness of the State
University at Albany in the society around it has
not been very active until recently. The emphasis at
the end of the century was on the seriousness of the
student in studying and preparing himself to
become a teacher. The student was encouraged to
attend to religion for outside activities.

Most of the time, only elections were considered
important enough to be recorded in the newspaper
which was indicative of the Universities involvment

' in political and social issues.

In the early part of the twentieth century,
outside interest still centered on religion as shown
by the many Bible study classes. Later, students also
became involved in YMCA and YWCA activities.
Eventually early in this centruy social awareness was
defined in terms of Campus Queens and proms.

Indicative of the issues considered relevant to
students and attitudes of students toward issues in
society can be seen in lectures delivered at the
school during this period. Booker T. Washington
spoke on the Negro‘s position in society:“...likc all
other race problems, will be solved by the success of
the people, and success always means recognition."

Another more flamboyant speaker, Dr. Sherwood
Eddy of the YMCA, argued that the worst problems
of society in 1928 were sex relationships and water
power monopolies. While in 1929, another spcakcr
declared liberalism was more tolerated since rotary
clubs and churches invited speakers who differed
from their viewpoint.

In the early part of the centruy, most of the little
activity oriented toward the outside society was
political with an emphasis on foreign affairs. In the
twenties, during the Washington Naval Conferences,
disarmament was an issue debated on campus. On

Generation

the whole, the school was representative of the
country with a large majority indifferent and a small
minority interested in current issues.

World War II caused an increasing interest in
important issues oriented toward international
topics rather than societal problems such as the
Debate Council sponsoring a discussion on “What
Should be US. Policy toward the Far East."

Finally in the 60's a greater number of groups
were organized, with interest in political and social
issues. This activity began with such groups as
Freedom Council and Forum of Politics. Interest in
the community developed with efforts to work in
the ghettos of Albany.

Students became involved in politics with groups
like the Young Republicans and Students for A
Democratic Society. The student participation in
the 1968 election points out the growing
committm nt and activism on this campus.

e
a.“

  

new
-- it

..

 

     

} .
{i

by Gale McAllister
Staff Reporter

When the State University at
Albany used to be State Teachers
College, there were a lot more
traditions than there are today.
Most of these traditions centered
about the incoming freshmen
class.

Always there were the class
rivalries. The biggest of these was
the rivalry between the freshmen
and the sophomores.

Back in 1927 the Sophomore
class was allowed to make up rules
and regulations which the
Freshmen had to obey.

The class of ’31, when they
were sophomores, ruled that any
freshman who broke with
traditions three times had to
apologize publically to the entire
student body.

Another tradition of the 1920's
that has since been outdated, was
when the incoming Freshman
class entered the gym where they .
were to be greeted by the
sophomore class, they all had to
bow to the sophomore's banner,
crawl on the floor, and shake
hands with a rubber glove that
was dripping with starch. Then
they were told to have fun for
three and a half hours.

One tradition, that is certainly
notin effect today is the no cut
rule. No students were supposed
to cut any classes at all, and it
they did it was likely that they
would fail the course.

Most students take it for
granted that they are able to use
the University's cafeteria facilities
for studying purposes. However,
in the 1920 s it was a privilege to
do so. The cafeteria was only
open a few hours in the morning
and a few hours at night for study
purposes.

The Freshmen of the 1920's
were given a handbook, the

$2“ . e mi,

    

    

  1

THIS BUILDING. vacated by the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad Company, housedthi
Normal School from 1844-1848. It was located on State Street and Maiden Lane.

 

THE OLD CAMPUS, as seen by an artist during the first decade of this century, was built to replace the Willet Street School. which burned

in 1906.

 

Sﬁiﬁr’v-VVV‘Iea—‘L't.s4:4{i.':\h<t A. . 

      

PAGE 5

Frosh Victini’ize’d ‘
By Class Rivalry

“Fresh Bible,” which told them
what the traditions at the College
were.

All Freshmen were made to

wear buttons that said they were

Freshmen.

One girl did not wear her
button and was then made to
wear a sign one foot in diameter
saying “0h Wretched Mei Ibroke
tradition."

One of the better traditions at
State Teacher’s College was the
annual election of Campus Queen.

The crowning and election of
theQueeen took place in the early
fall along with Campus Activities
Day, all supervised by
MYSKANIA.

Prior to the election in the fall
of 1927, there was usually a big
controversy as to whether the
Campus Queen would be blonde
or brunettes.

In the previous four years two
blondes and two brunettes had
been elected and the students felt
that 1927 would be the deciding
year.

They would finally know if
blondes were more popular than
brunettes.

Campus Activities Day was
much the same in 1927 as it was
this year, in 1968. It was mainly a
time when Freshmen could sign
up with various clubs that they
were interested in.

On the first day that the
Freshmen arrived in 1927, they
were officially greeted by the
faculty and the President of the
College at both a tea and the
Convocation.

The latter remains basically
how it used to be. However, the
faculty members and the members
of the Freshmen class have grown
so drastically over the years that it

is no longer possible to have every
one attend as it once was.

Another tradition of the past
that is linked with class rivalries
and school spirit is the election of
a song leader and cheer leaders for
each class.

Also, officers used to be elected
from each class in the College.

There was even a time in the
history of the State College when
Freshmen were not allowed to
look Minerva in the face.

In 1938, such traditions as an
“all-college bonfire rally and pep
meeting” were popular.

After the bonfire all students
would join in a snake dance to
show that they were all friends.

This usually took place on
Activities Day in the fall of each
year.

Such events between Freshmen
and Sophomores as the banner
hunt, mascot hunt, and the tug of
war sliowcd class rivalries in 1938.
Things often got out of hand.

Much like the present day
Freshman orientation, in 1938 the
College would send the girls to a
camp the weekend before school
begun, and the boys to another
camp.

At the camp the Freshmen
would learn the traditions of the
school and a little about the
academic life.

Also, at the beginning of each
year the Juniors would hold a
rcccption at Draper Hall for the
incoming Freshmen and the
Sophomores would hold 11 party
for them.

Traditions used to be numerous
at the State Teachers College at
Albany. There was a tradition or
rule or regulation to govern every
move a student made.

Today, at the State University
at Albany, few of the old
traditions remain. 5‘

 

