 

PAGE 8

«in

THE GLOBETROTTERS OFFERED a fantastic array

 

 

antcs for the

pleasure of an audience of over 2,000 spectators.

Wrestlers Open With
Quadranguiar Sat.

supply a solid performance for the don“ Withc’m'

Albany’s wrestling team opens
its season this Saturday when they
host the fourth annual
Quadrangular at 1 p.m.
Participating in the meet with
Albany will be wrestling squads
from the University of Rochester,
Hartwick College and the
defending champion, Dartmouth
College.

The Quadrangular, which will
be held in the new athletic
building for the first time,
promises to be an exciting display
of wrestling skills.

, Coach Joe Garcia, in his
fourteenth year as head coach. has
only two Iettermen from last
year’s squad. Both of these
wrestlers, however, are expected
to contribute greatly to Albany's
success in the coming season.

Craig Springer. a senior who
had a 6-4 record last year is one of
the two returning letter winners.
Springer will be competing at the
152 pound level this year. Fran
Weal is the second letterman
returning, and he will be
competing at the 145-pound level
this season.

Coach Garcia is also hoping
that three other wrestlers who
competed at the varsity 1 level
will be able to make important
contributions this year.

included in this number are
Alex Domkowski at the
137-p0und level. Frank Berry at
160 pounds and Marshall
Galdstone at 177.

Two wrestlers up from last
year's freshman squad are Pete
Ranalli and Kevin Sheehan. Both
of these wrestlers are at the
130-pound level and should

squad.

Margison Expected To

Break Scoring Records

This year’s basketball squad
will be plncing the responsibility
of much of their success upon the
shoulders of Rich Margison.

In his third year of varsity
competition for the Great Danes,
it is expected that "‘ u’ will
not only be the leading scorer for
the team, but will also establish a
number of scoring records.

Going into this season Rich has
accumulated a total of 879 points
for a two~year average of 20.4
points a game. if he duplicates last
years’s average of 211.4, Margison
will end his career in third place
on the list of all-time scoring
leaders. It would seem likely
however, that Rich will improve
his average of last year and amass
enough points to break the
all-time scoring record of 1365
points held by Don Cohen.

it also seems likely that
Margison will break the
one-season average of twenty-five
points a game.

Rich, who is a member of
Alpha l’i Alpha. was a
three-lettermun in high school as
he participated in cross-country,
basketball and tennis for Cortland
High School. In lettering for three

 

Psgcedelic World Of

‘RODR 0M:

Dance To 2 Top Bands Nitely
Legal Alcoholic Bee. Served
'I‘Iiiirs. Nita - Latins free!
flan. - Sat. 8:00 pin - 3 an
Admission 81.50

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1968

 

Albany loses In Opener;

Host To Stony Brook Sat.

The Albany State basketball squad opened its season on a losing note this past Wednesday as they were
defeated by Oneonta by a score of 71-59. Although they led at halftime by a score of 36-31, the Great
Danes were beset by foul troubles in the second half and were unable to stem the surging Red Dragons of

Oneonta.

Sophomore Jack Jordan led Albany in scoring as he totaled 16

registered 13 points and Scott Price lf‘.

The Great Danes were hurt
tremendously by their starters
getting into foul trouble.
Margison, Price, and Caverly all
fouled out of the game. while

Jack Adams and Jack Jordan both
had four fouls on them.

As a result, the Great Danes
were forced to go with their subs
throughout much of the second
half and thus were unable to
withstand the surge made by
Oneonta.

The hoopsters open their home
season this Saturday night when
they host Stony Brook.

The freshmen game begins at
7:00 and will be followed by the
varsity game at 8:30.

Last year, Albany defeated
Stony Brook by a score of 64-52.
Following the disappointment of
their opening loss, the squad will
undoubtedly be set to win this
one.

Admission for the games is free
with a Student Tax Card and a

years, Rich was captain of his
team and was selected as the Most
Valuable Player and was elected
to the All-Syracuse team in his
senior year.

 

by 
THE GLOBETROTTERS DISPLAYED not only an ability for com,

but a propensity for outstanding playing as well.

Choppers Hold Lead
In League I Bowling

With only three weeks of
competition remaining before the
final position for the semester, the
standings in league 1 bowling
indicate that it will be a close race
for first place.

Following the completion of
the matches on November 23. the
Choppers hold a slim lead over
Potter Club. The Choppers have a
19-5 record while Potter holds an
18-6 record.

in last week's action, the Shafts
compiled the high team single
game and three-game series by

...a little more exciting!

points for the night. Rich Margison

 

scoring a 951-2663 series. Royce

Van Evra

rolled

the high

three-game series of 606 on games

of 170. 211, 225.

The standings for the league

read as follows:

Choppers
EEP

Shafts

UFS

Bad News 5
KB

APA
Steinmetz
Theta Zeroes

 

 

19-5
18-6
16-8
16-8
Iii-II
10-14
lfl-ld
III-H
8-16

 

 

   
   
   
   
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
  
   
     
 
    
 
   
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
      
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
      
    
     
     
   
    
    
    
    
   
  
 
   
    
    
    
  
   
  
  
    
    
    
   
  
    
  

   
  
 
  
    
   
  

    
      
  
 
  
    
 

.......,...,~WA.

    
    
  
 

..~w.- ...-—....

 
  
    
   
   

WWW—“twp”: -—_. "s.-. WL- .. . , ..

  
    
   
 
 
   

SPECIAL EDITION

ALBANY, NEW YORK

     

  

SPECIAL
FOR
SUPREME COURT

   

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6,1”.

TAX REF ERENDUM DECISION

State University of New York at Albany. Student Association. Supreme Court, Decision On The
Mandatory Student Fee "Referendum" of October 23-25, 1968.

Under consideration Is the constitutionality of the "referendum" on the mandatory student fee
held October 23-25. 1968, which was subsequently challenged In referrals presented to the
Supreme Court of the Student Association of the State University of New York at Albany by Paul
Schlecht and Steve Kichen and by Keith Nealy. The Court now renders Its decision.

RE: The Neaiy referral. Part II A and El, and Schlecht and Kichen referral Parts 1 and 4.

Point 1 of tho Schlecht and chhen referral under "Statement of the Defects" states: "The
wording of the referendum was editoriallzed in favor of the affirmative position." Point 4 states:
"The ballot of the referendum did not mention that if passed the tax would go Into effect next
semester." Part II A of the Neaiy referral states: “The referendum Itself did not mention that If
passed the tax would go into effect next semester." Part II A of the Neaiy referral states~ “Tho
referendum Itself did not clearly state ihe purpose of the referendum." Part II B states: "The
referendum ‘electloneered' on the ballot Itself."

The Supreme Court defines ‘rclerendum' as the submission of a legislative act to the students for
a binding vote. In establishing this definition we have drawn from two sources: BLACK'S LAW
DICTIONARY, which defines ‘referendum' as “a method of submitting an important legislative
measure to a direct vote of Ihe whole people." and WEBSTER'S SEVENTH NEW COLLEGIATE
DICTIONARV, which defines referendum as “the principle or practice of submitting to popular
vote a measure passed upon or proposed by a legislative body or by popular initiative."

The Court will now use Its definition. established above. to clear up the meaning of the word
‘referendum as used In the Constitution and laws of the Student Association. Article VII
(Amendments) of the Student Association Constitution states:

SECTION 1: An amendment to the Constitution may be proposed by petition of two-thirds of
Central Council.

SECTION 2: Any amendment so proposed shall be ratified through referendum by three-fourths
affirmative vote. at least twenty percent of the Student Association voting.

The referendum required by the Constitution for the ratification of an amendment Is of a
specific nature: a measure passed by Central Council goes into effect upon a three-fourths vote of
at least twenty percent of the members of Student Association.

ELECTION PROCEDURES (CC 6768-61) treats a referendum as an election. which the Court
agress It is. But a referendum Is not governed by CC 6768-61 because the accompanying
ELECTION BILL (CC 6768-64) makes no mention of referenda. Rt ferenda are, however, discussed
In STUDENT TAX POLICY (CC 6768-47), Section II, Part 3a, which states that "voting in a poll
or referendum affecting the student body as a whole shall not be contingent upon the payment of
student tax."

The Court‘s definition of‘ ‘ uurrr' ("The of a‘ ' ' “ act to the students for a
binding vote") is In accordance with the use of the word 'referendum‘ In Article VIII, Section 2 of
the Student Association Constitution. The Court calls Incorrect the use of the word ‘roforendum'
when applied to opinion polls dealing with political and social problems.

The legislative act submitted to the students In a referendum goes Into effect as provided for In
the eel Ilself. This Is In keeping with the definition of ‘refercndum': "a legislative act . . ." The act
shall be in bill form. as prescribed by precedent and current usage In Student Association. Bills
presented in Central Councrl and elsewhere are of this form:

 

Bill number

Organization
State University
of New Vork at Albany

Illle

Dale of lnIroduclIon
Introduced by: Name

It is hereby proposed that tile following be enacted:
I. Provisions of the bill
II.
III. The last number should state by what date the bill goes inlo effect.

The proposal In file "referendum of Octobur 23-25: should have been III the form of a bill
containing a legislative act for a vole by file student body. Nowhere on the ballot or accompanying
the ballot was a proposed sliilulc prosonted to the students. As IS lhe case with a referendum on a
constitutional amondrnonl. lhu loxi of the proposal must be placed on the ballol or be available In
every vnlor In the polling area.

The Courl will now consider the ballot as proscnlod lo the voter.

"Willi lhc Increased outcry by the student body for bigger. holler, and more iiclivlllcs. of
rucreollonal, social, and educational naluro Inert: Is increased financial need. In order Ihal the
Student Association may come closer to meeting Iis finances, Il hureby refers lhe question of ii
mandatory student Icc lo you, lhu Student Body. Are you In favor of a mundalory sludonl fee? ()
Ves () Ni).

lilo Court rules lIIai sincu no legislative proposal was piesenlod lo lhe student body In the
"referendum." llicru was no referendum. [hat Is. there was no "submission of a legislative act lo
the students for .1 l indlnu vole." lhu Courl so rules by a vote of 5-0-0, (Justices f-olls, Handelman,
Hoalor. Lieberman, and MiicMoiiaule concurring).

lho Court now feels it must define 'poli.’ Tho Courl agrees with the dolinllion of WEBSTER‘S
NEW WORLD DICTIONARY Hull .1 'poll' Is "a voting or expression of opinion by Individuals."
Applying llils definition to lite ballol In question. the court rules first this ballot. as structured. can
only be a poll of students on tho ouosllon of whether or not the students were "In favor of a
mandatory student foo." Therefore, the results of tho election may be used only as an expression
ul opinion by fire student body, and any legal action lakun by Central Council as a result of this
election In regard to Imposing mandatory student fee is unconstitutional. The Court so rules by a
vote of 5-0-0, (Jusllcos Foils. Halidolmiin, Heater, Lieberman, and MacMonagle concurring).

On October .11, I961}, Central Council passed two bills dealing wllh a mandatory student fee:
CC (idiiQ-Gl, WAIVER Of l'AYMENi OF MANDATORY FEEFOR ECONOMIC REASONS; and
CC 6869-62, PENALTY f OR NON-PAYMENT OF MANDATORY FEE.

Both these bills assumud lhu existence of a mandatory sludunl foe: bul. as the Courl has
ustabllsliud al lonulil above. nu mandatory student fee was over approved by Ihc student body In a
legal referendum. The Court llluroforu declares the lwo bills cited above (CC 0860-61. CC once-o2)
illegal and unconstitutional by a 5-0-0 vuio, (Jusilcus Foils. Handoiman, Healer, Lieberman. and
MacMonaglu concurring).

The Courl will now quuiu from lhu resolution of the Board of Irusiuos of lhu Stale University
of New York of May 8. 1968.

l. STUDENT ACTIVITY FEES

The student body at each Stale-operated campus may determine. either directly or through duly
elected representatives on the Studcnl Council or other nrganirallon chosen by the studunl body.
if so empowered. to fix and assuss upon themselves an annual fee for lhu support of programs of an
educational, cultural, recreational and social nature approved by the student organization duly
elected by and representative of the student body. lhu too may builxud indifferent amounts for
designated classes of students other than lull-time.

LPAYMENT UPON REGISTRATION

. . . it it Is determined In an Individual casu that paymunl of the fee approved by the Chancellor
would cause undue hardship such student may nuvcrlhuiuss bu allowed to register and his
obligation to pay such fee shall Iliuroafler be subiuct to such provisions in the representative
student organization iliail lll-‘Ikll for deferment or waiver thereof In such cases.

3. COLLECTION AND DISBURSEMENT

. . Control over disbursmnonl of the proceeds of the student activity fee shall be exercised by
the appropriate organization representing the student body . . . .

 

4. NON-PAYMENT
The representative student organization may determine to deny participation in student
activities In the case of any student who has not fulfilled his obligation with respect to payment of
the student activity fee . . . .

The Court takes this opportunity to point out to the Central Council that as presently
constituted It does not contain any "duly elected representatives of the student body" as a whole.
but only of the Student Association. 1.0.. the students who have paid the present voluntary student
activities fee. Therefore. If It Is to act In accordance with the decision of the Board of Trustees. the
Central Council as It now exists cannot institute a mandatory student fee. take any action to
Implement the fee once It Is adopted. spend any monies received from such a mandatory student
fee, or control any "programs of an educational. cultural. recreational. and social nature" to be
financed by such a fee.

if the mandatory student fee were to go Into effect In the spring semester. 1969. the present
Central Council would have to be dissolved and new elections held In which all students could vote.
In order to have a Central Council composed of “duly elected representatives of the student body."

The Court suggests that the mandatory student fee not go into effect until the fall semester.
1969. since the Incumbent members of Central Council were elected by members of Student
Association last spring and early this fall for the normal term of one year. If the mandatory student
fee does go Into effect in the fall semester. 1969. the Central Council for the year 1969-70 will
have to be elected by the entire student body. since the entire student body will be Included In the
Student Association under a mandatory student fee. However. the Court points out that a
constitutional amendment may be necessary to extend the franchise to students who are not
members of Student Association.

RE: Nealy referral. Part IA

The Nealy referral states that CC 6869-41 "does not establish whether or not a student had to
have paid the student ii-X in order to vote."

The Court finds the "referendum" of October 23-25 constitutional on this point by a 5-0-0 vote.
(Justices Folts. Handclman, Heater. Lieberman. and MacMonagle concurring). The “referendum”
was an election. as Implied by CC 6768-61; however. It was not an election governed by this
particular blll (CC 6768-61). but rather by the STUDENT TAX POLICY (CC 6768-47). Section II.
Part 3a, which states that "voting In a poll or referendum affecting the student body as a whole
shall not be contingent upon the payment of Student Tax." Article I. Section 3. paragraph 'g'of
the Student Association Constitution states that "the Central Council shall provide for proper and
lust Student Association elections and tabulation of the results thereon" and since Central Council
had already established eligibility for voting In a "referendum affecting the student body as a
whole" (CC 6768-47), there was no need for CC 6869-41 to do this.

RE: Neaiy referral, Part I B. and Schlecht and Kichcn referral Part 5.

The Nealy referral states that CC 6768-41 "did not establish a minimum vote In the referendum.
Hence, according to the tacit Interpretation of the referendum given by CC 6869-62, any small
number of students could have voted with the some effect." The Schlechl and chhen referral
states: "It was never mentioned what percentage of the vote was needed to pass the referendum."

The Court rules that the “referendum” was constitutional on this point by a vote of 5-0-0.
(Justices Folts. Handeiman. Heater. Lieberman. and MacMonagle concurring). Nowhere in the
Constitution and laws of Student Association is a minimum vote required for a referendum. other
than a referendum on a constitutional amendment. Also, the Board of Trustees of the State
University of New Vork mentioned no minimum percentage requirement In Its resolution
authorizing the levying of a mandatory siudenl fee.

RE: Neely referral, Part i C.

The Nealy referral states that CC 6869-41 "did not state any purpose for the referendum."

The Court finds that CC 6869-4] only directed “Election Commission to Include in Its elections
of October 23-25. a referendum on mandatory student lax." Bill CC 6869-41 Is similar to CC
676848. which also set up the machinery for a referendum; such a bill does not have to state the
purpose of the referendum.

The Nealy referral further states that "it must be assumed that it had no purpose, except
perhaps Informational. This is not consistent with the action taken on CC 6869-62."

The Court has already ruled that the results of the "referendum" can be used only for
Informational purposes, as to the opinion of lhe student body concerning a mandatory student fee.

The Nealy referral goes on to slale: “Also II was not made clear to the voter that the results of
the referendum would determine whether or not we would have a mandatory student fee," and
“furthermore II was not clear what the penalilos would or could be for not paying the student fee.
and so llie voter could not Inlelllgenlly casl his ballot."

As Iiie Court found above, CC 6869-42 only established that a rofurondum would be hold. The
acI submllled for student approval in a referendum would “so” contain information concerning
inc effective date of the act. No such act was ever passed. but In any case, CC 6869-41 15 definiter
nol a substitute for lhal acl.

RE: Nealy referral, Parl l D

The Noaly referral states that CC 6669-41 “did nol provide for the wording of the referendum."

Again. the Court points out that lhu "wording of llio referendum “would be the actual text of
the eel being submillud In the students for a binding vote. Any directions for voting printed on the
ballot are to on drawn up by Election Commlsmon. in accordance with CC 6768-61, ELECTION
PROCEDURES, Section IIII “Use of Ballots.”

RE: Noaly referral. Parl Iii A, and Sciiioct and Kiclien referral, Paris 2 and 3.

the Nealy referral status: "The results of lhu voilng were not adequate for the mandallon of
sludonl tax," and "this mandale would curtail lhu rights of a minority (namely thoso who do not
wish lo pay sludcnl Iax)." i'he Schlocl and Kichen referral slates: "ihere was a significant number
of students who were unable to vote duu lo the delay in distribution of required validation cards. It
I: in our understanding that on the third day of polling this situation was realized and these
siudunfs were allowed lo vole. buI due to the loci ll'ldl this was not uniform for the onter
referendum. It Is an obvious lncunslsiuncy." and "Inforinallon concerning the actual number of
students who were unable lo vote was unavailable to us duo io Ihe fuel that the Bursar's office
would nol or could not give us the required Informallon."

Tho Courl rules that tile results of Ilia vote in lhu "referendum" are constitutional and valid on
these polnls by a 5-0-0 vole, (Justicos Folts. Handelman. Healer. Lieberman, and MacMonagle
concurring). [he only percentage requirement for in: election specifically slolod In the Constitution
or laws of Student Association is Ihc three-fourths vote required for the ratification of an
amendment lo llio Sludeni Association Constitution.

RE: Nealy referral Perl ill 8.

Pari III B. of lliu Nualy referral slates "Even If one were to accept Ilia premise tlial a minority of
the student body In a referendum can determine the policy for lhu unllru student body allowing no
freedom of choice. It could hardly be called iusl that a simple maiority should be all that is needed.
In any body operating under ROBERT‘S RULES OF ORDER REVISED any blli thCh would
curtail iliu rlgnls of a minorily requires a 2/3 affirmative vote for passage. It Is only reasonable that
the same be required in a referendum of the same sort. II was not."

The Court has established above mat the "referendum" was In fact an opinion poll. If It had
bear: a valid referendum It would have been constitutional. The "relerandurn" was not conducted
under ROBERT'S RULES OF ORDER REVISED. This manual applies to the conduct of meetings
and not to the conduct of elections; elections are governed by the Constitution and laws of
Student Association.

RE: Schlocl and chhan referral. Point Ii.

Point 6 of the Schiecl and chhen states "The ballot and advertising In the ASP was not clear on
the stalus of lhu graduate studeni and did not mention that he would receive student tax at half
the undergraduate fee."

the Court has decided that this deals with the constitutionality of a student fee and not with
the valldlly of the "referendum". Therefore the Court will not rule on this point.

So Rendered by the Supreme Court of the Student Association of the State University of New
Vork at Albany this Fourth Day of December. Nineteen Hundred and Sixty Eight.

Cheryl Healer. Chief Justice

Peter MacMnnagle. Associate Chief Justice

James Foils, Justice

Paul Lieberman, Justice

Jay Handelmsn, Justice

 

    
   
 
  
  
   

  

