 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1968 PAGE 7

Beatles’ Film Trip;

Best Voyage Ever“

(CPS)--The Beatles may not
have much left after Yellow
Submarine, unless Apple
Productions dccides to try its luck
on Broadway.

In the space of 85 minutes
"Yellow Submarine“ manages to

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Ainong Student Obligations:
Attend Chapel Each Morning

may wear mustaches or Wristwatches. 4) No
Freshman is to be allowed at the Hampton, Keeler's,
Ten Eyck, or Oriental-Occidental unless chaperoned
by parents or guardian. 5) No Freshman will be
allowed to occupy the the benches in the rotunda
around Minerva lesttheydesecrate Minerva.

During the first half of the century debates .
between the classes were taken very seriously. ma ke . ail]I okthlekr ani$:::d
Gradually , However, their seriousness, involving E:FSOOI::T:S::”SI ea Prim; 3":
topics of current world problems, decreased until in stoned-out creativity that no
1980, the topic of the last debate was “Should amount of TV copra.“ng could
Mermaids Have Long or Short Hair." ever duplicate.

In the early 1930's, every freshman wore a large Add to this some or the group’s
white bib with his name on it, and a special button be“ music. a storm of outrageous
on his right shoulder. The fresh also had to wear puns and one-liners of the sort
beanies until the first snowfall. that 'cndear‘cd “'A’ Hard. Day a

Through the years, although Rivalry has declined Night  hHelps.L -t:.)0-GC;l;lc:l,1::idc
almost to its present state of non-existence, it has :mit'étslrfﬁheo‘fi‘l‘m may we” ‘ﬁnd
served many purposes. Many feel that rivalry on this

. " final resting place in the
I “ed, .. .". I H d R d l C [hi I ‘
carcass. .r..".:.:“:.:.;:.:.::";:.; “war a C l 3 him” r:1‘3:“°:.‘.’.‘.““:.°::;;t‘ as:
O O 0
Provides Beautiful Music

adds a little spirit action to what can so easily Lennon would blanch at the idea.
explained many of the foreign

FRIDAY, DECEMBER I3, T968 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘l'hey deliver some really awful
plays on words without a shiver
and complete their; plays without
ever descending to low
comedy-~leaving that to the other
members of the “cast.” It all
comes off as mid—seIf-satirc, which
saves them from Monkces-Iike
buffoonery. As usual, Ringo plays
foil to the other three, Lennon
lays down most of the patter,
whilc Paul and George
concentrate on the music.

Cassan To Play

Sweet Charity

In Review

by Trudy Wrubel
“The story of “Sweet Charity,"
basically sad and pathetic, offers a
hopeful ending. My role as
Charity is the most exciting
experience in my life, and I intend

by Nancy Durish
Staff Reporter

In 1904, a suggestion from the Student
Handbook, published by the YWCA, read “every
student will find it her privilege and duty to attend
chapel each morning at nine o’clock. It also went on
to say that in order to “maintain the devotional
spirit and dignity of the service" all talking was to
be prohibited. '

The above rule is one of the many instituted by
the students and accepted by the University’s
administration, especially during State's period as a
normal school.

Women were told the proper way of acting in
public, the proper display of courtesy, the
opportunity for formation of lasting friendships at
the college, and the need for consideration of
others.

Country girls were warned that they were now
living in the “city” and to “act appropriately."

Regulations for freshmen women in the early
forties included reporting back to their houses by
10 p.m., Sunday through Thursday and by 12 p.m.
on Friday and Saturday nights. All upperclass and
graduate women had an I] p.m. curfew, Sunday
through Thursday and a 1 am. curfew on Friday

THE STA'I'ESMEN, the University's male chorus presented a number of selections Thursday evening
during a special choral program of the Music department. Their performance was well done as in the past.

THE CAST OF "THE RIVALS" entertained the college community
in 191 1. Such performances once highlighted the academic year.

becomesspiritle-collegeexistence. The thing that win get you
right off is that crazy drawing.

The scenery designed by Heina
Edelmann has that quality of
early daguerrotype enhanced by

Dear Mayor Corning

by Fran Dreber addition of men’s voices gave the

Sept. 30, 1960

Without a doubt, the controversy between the City of Albany and
the State of New York concerning the future proposed site of our
campus at the country club is the most heated issue we have witnessed
during our three years here. Apparently the citizens of Albany have
overloode very important economic and cultural factors which prove
the worth oi‘our college to this community.

Do they realize that we as college students spend a conservative
estimate of 3/4 million dollars in Albany per year in small
purchascsuloilctrics. stationery. admission, and incidentals? The
importance of this lies in [he fact that this money it a transfusion-mew
moncy added to the circulation. This ligurc ignores the three to four
thousand parents who lrausporl lhc sludcnls to college and return for
visits, the thousand or more summcr students and the visitors lo the
college's confcrcnccs and mcctings. all ol’whom are spending money in
Albany‘s hotels, rcslauranls and slorcs.

Or do lhcy rcalizc that lbc stalc hodch puts into circulation through
the college about two and a halfmillion dollars cach ycar‘.’ Most of this
is in salaries and wages. which arc spcnl right here in lbc Albany area.
Does any other area industry have a wow dirch economic cffccl’.’ How
important is it to us all to keep such an employer in Albany?

Do they realize that we avail to them a staff of profcsional experts in
many ﬁelds including scientists and psychologists, spcccb experts and
socialogisls who serve on boards of Albany agencies and aid in the
Councils of Community Services?

Where do their children play? Who uses the twelve State College
tennis courts and the four softball diamonds in Saint Mary's Park?

How many opportunities do other communities have for an Arena
Theater, a concert by Risc Stevens or Jcromc Hines; or a lecture by
Hans Kohn? These cultural advantagesoffcrcd by our college makes
Albany a better place to live. Without us would Albany be able to
afford these cultural opportunities?

We have mentioned only a few of tlIc conlributions Statc (‘ollcgc
offers this community. Our objective in attending Albany State is to
become teachers, to prepare and educate the children of these Albany
citizens. I.“ us hope that they realize our worth and appreciatc our
existence here. Barbara Libous: Editor-in-dicfofSlalc Collcgc Ncws

and Saturday nights. For special college dances the
curfew was extended for all students to 3 a.m. and

for formal house dances to 2 am.

On February 8, 1918, MYSKANIA inaugurated
organized rivalry or hazing between the freshman
and sophomore classes with the belief that State

needed a unified college spirit.

Until 1953, the Rivalry ended on Moving-up Day
in May, encompassing nine months of interclass
competition. At this time it was shortened to
terminate on Campus Night in early October.

During these years, Rivalry served as the center of
State's social and extra-curricular life, with all

classes actively participating.

Early in the 1920's the Student Handbook listed
eighteen rules for freshmen to follow, including: 1)
Freshmen must hold doors open for all seniors to

pass. All seniors shall enter street cars before
Freshman. 2) No Freshman girl may wear her hair
down her back. 3) No men of the Freshman class

Drawing,

Orthography

by Linda Staszak

The subjects of primary
importance in the State Normal
School were those required by law
to be taught in the common
schools--reading, orthography,
writing, arithmetic, geography and
English grammar-as well as
trigonometry, higher arithmetic,
history, science of government,

natural philosophy, chemistr,
physiology, mcnta

human

arithmetic, vocal music and

drawing.
The professional aspects of

these subjects were emphasized

and only tliosr- subjects necessary

in preparing elementary school

THE ALBANY GENTLEMEN'S COUNTRY CLUB was laid to waste only to produce a University,
ajrhowplace of the State University system, and a new community of 10,000.
I

DR. TIMOTHY LEARY was brought to speak at ,
the University last semester. He spoke a message to
the students that would have been unspeakable

Mental Arithmetic,

teachers were taught.

A practice school opened in
May, 1845, to afford pupils the
opportunity to practice the
methods they had learned. They
spent two weeks in the practice
unitone as observers and one as
teachers. The practice unit
changed from an elementary
school to a secondary school, now
known as Milne High School,
when the school became known as
the State Normal College.

In 1890 the Regents of the
University of the State of New
York made certain changes in the
structure of the school. The name
was Changed to the New York
State Normal College and
instruction was limited to
professional subjects such as
philosophy of education, systems
of education, history of ed ucation
and methods of teaching all
subjects taught in the public
schools at the time.

The school was reorganized in
100.": to provide a four year
courml of study in liberal arts and
pcdngogics. By 100‘.) thori- worn
158 academic and pedagogical
courses in such subjects as Latin,
Greek, English, History,
f‘syt'llulngy, Pedagogy and
Philosophy, (iovcrnmonl ,
Economics, l’hyhical Sch-rm,
Biological Science, Fine Arts and
Music.

I)r. Milm- organized tlII'
curriculum into six courses of
instruction. The English course
was two weeks of work almost
solely in professional subjects
such as psychology, school
economy, school law, sanitary
science, practice teaching, and
mthodu of teaching the various
subjects. Graduates of the course

Taught

Here

received a license to teach but no
degree.

A Student Army Training
Corps was set up on June 15,
1918 to provide military
instruction and equipment for all
men in the college. Known as
“Section B” it gave instruction in
military drill, auto mechanics.
carpentary, radio signal work,
typographical drawing and war
aims.

After January I, 1943 a
candidate to teach high school in
New York must have completed a
four your curriculum leading to a
baccalaureate degree and :10
semester hours in approved
advanced course.

By 1955 B.A. degrees were
being offered in English, French,
German, Latin, mathematics,
Spanish, Social Studies, and
science. The ITS, degree was being
offered in Biology, Chemistry,
Commcrcc, mathematics and
Physics. The graduate program
provided work leading to
certification valid for teaching an
academic subject in high school as
well as the Master of Arts and
Master of Science in lilo, (flu-m,
Physics, conImI-rcv education,
Egnliah literature, l-‘rencb, Latin,
Spanish, Matllcmatius, Social
Studies and spin-I'll. A Master of
Sch-nun was also granted in
Library Science.

Ily 1062 the Mnstcr of Arts or
Master of Science also included
Business and History and the
degree Doctor of Education, was
also being granted.

lly 1000 Schools of Nursing
and Criminal Justice had boon
added and the school had made
the transition from a teacher's
college to a liberal arts university.

The Harvard-Radcliffe Glee
Club presented a concert on
Sunday, December 8, at 7 :30 p.m.
The concert was held in the
Campus Center Ballroom.

The Radcliffe choral society
began by singing "Dulcis Christe"
by Michel Angelo Grancini, Five
Carols by Peter Maxwell Davies,
“Hegyi Ejszakak" by Zoltan
Kodaly, “Heute ist Christus der
Herr geboren" by Heinrich
Schutz, “Helas M’amour" by
Clemens non Pape, and “Debat la
noste" by Claude Le Jeunc.

Their best song was an insertion
whosc translation would be "See
the Gypsy Munching Cheese."
They made excellent use of

‘- background vocal effects, such as
humming; one piece was a solo
with accompaniment from the
chorus.

The Ilarvard Glee Club then
sang jointly with the Radcliffe
Choral Society, presenting 'I‘hrcc
Songs by Claude Lc qune. The

performance a churchlike quality:
together they formed a
beautifully fullchorus.

The Harvard Glee Club
continued alone, singing “Der
Herr segne euch“ by J.S. Bach,
"Wilt Thou, Unkind, Thus Leave
Me" by John Dowland, “Come,
Sirrah Jack Ho" by Thomas
‘chlkes, Five Slovak Songs by
Bela Bartok, “Y pren ar y bryn"
by William Mathias, and “Up the
Street," a Harvard song.

Their best was “Will. Thou,
Unkind, Thus Leave Me," their
low, full voices rendering the
words clearly with expression.
“Up the Street" was also very
enjoyable, during which a pianist
successfully imitated a drumroll.

After a short intermission the
two groups performed jointly
again. They sang thrce choruses
from Requiem by Giuseppe
Verdi: Sanctus, Agnus Dei, and
Libcra Me.

The conductor, Elliot Forbes,
was excellent. He briefly

Christmas Tree Guide
Prepared For Students

To promote the spirit of safety

during the holiday season, the

following guide has been prepared

for the safe use of decorations.
NATURAL TREE

l. The location of the tree should

not block nor restrict the ow of

balls or exits,

2. Only fresh-cut trees should he

used al d the hch of the tree kept

in fresh water.

ll. NO ()I’EN FLAME should be

permitted in the area.

1I. Electric Iighls, if used on the

tree, should be the proper type

and display the UL label and be

thoroughly inspector] for electrical

dcfccta' bcfnrc installation.

2'). When

should not be left unattended.

0. All naturer trees and boughs

will be treated with a fire

PRE D TE DROP

rusr our

FRESHENS

BREATH ,
: msuurm

 V H

Binéca'

illuminated, the tree

retardant process by the Grounds
Dept, of the University. Call
457-7 591 or 457-81100.
ARTIFICIAL TREE
1. Electric lights should not be
used on a metal trcc. Illumination
should be only by spot or
rcl'lcctivc lights.
2, If the artificial tree is other
than metal, it should be
noncombustible, displaying an UL
label.
DECOItA'l‘IONS

All decorations other than trt't'h‘
which might be used should also
be noncombustible. This includes
tinsel, paper, sprays or other
material whichi would be used in
decorate individual rooms,
corridors, stairways or places of
assembly.

mugs, and by his movements it
was evident that he experienced
every note. The audience, largely
composed of residents of the
Albany area, was absorbed
throu vhout the concert.

‘grafiﬁi 

Student Education Associatlon of
New Vork State: On Sunday February
9th. SEANYS will hold a tobogganlng
party at MohaWk property. Members
and non-mambo" are invited to attend
SEANYS' llrst social event of second
semester. Tickets are $.75 for members
and $1.25 for non-members and may
be purchased now by calllnq Jim Weiss
(457-8723)

A United States Ilir Forcc
Representative will be visiting SUNY
Campus to admlnlstcr the All Force
Olflcer Qualifying Examlnation on 14
Docornbcr 1968. The test will be
administered at the Social Science
Building, Room 261. The cxamlnatlon
will start at 9:00 a.m. and Iasls
approximately 5 1/2 hours.

There Is no obllgpllnn In lilkllllj thc
test. All seniors (Icmalcs Included) are
invrtud to take lhc test. The test for
females lasts approxlmataly 2 hours. ll
you have not sloncd up to take [he lost
you may do so by calling Sui BL'IJHQCF
at 472-2465.

Appllcatlons for (2 (Jo-chairmen):
Actlvltlos Day, Fall Concert,
Homecoming, Wintcrludu, Holiday
Slng, Campus Chest and Telethon.
Applications available at C.C. Into.
Desk-~boolnnlng MOnday. Doc. 16.
Refer mum to Campus Viewpoint and
Board members.

Plan to sue tho show out on by lot-
ianious liypnotlst John Kallsh Sunday
evening Jan. 12, 190‘) sponsored by
Colonial Quad Board.

Colonlal Quad Chrislnias Party Wed.
December 8., 11:30 p.m. Flcc
entertainment and rclrcshnicnts.

Applicalrons lor (‘arnpns ;
('cnlcr (iovcrning I‘ll.;ll(I
posilions may he pickcd up at
the Campus ('cnlcr Information
'l)csk llllltI l)cccrnbcr 1‘), 1908.

Ilaud “Out of Sight"

 THE CONGREGATION
Dcsires Work
I Mikc 438—6587

I

'" HOLIDAY CHARTER BUSES
LEAVING FROM ALL QUADS 0N
THURS. DEC. 19 AT 4:00 PM

DIRECT
HEMPSTEAD saoo
HUNHNGTONsaoo

TO:
SYRACUSE $9.00
ROCHESTER “0.00

' TICKETS WILL BE ON SALE DEC. IS ON ALUMNI
j DINNER LINE “ISO-100, STATE FLAG ROOM

,5 2.30'3130.
WOO-2:00 PM

MON. DEC. 16 CAMPUS CENTER

FOR INF. CALL 472-4204

to concentrate all my efforts on
Charity."

Claudine Cassan, commenting
on the State University Revue
production of “Sweet Charity"
opening February 28th in the
Campus Center Ballroom, heads
the cast in the starring role of
Charity Hope Valentine, the
dance hall hostess who is looking

Fllms In Flag room of Dutch Quad (or love‘

Dec 13 Fri. nlghr at 7 and 9 p.m. .
Admission .50. Charlie Chaplin, w.c. ‘7‘Yeﬂr'0'd Claudine. 1|
Flclds “Road Runner.“ freshman from Queens, is the

A" open memmg ,0 discuss the daughter of a French restaurant
reports from four task lame, owner. A speech with dramatics
concernan curriculum changes wlll be emphasis major, she has studied
held In C.C. Ballroom Mon., Dec. 16, 8 drama for two years and has acted

p'm' ' II - -
S. A. is seeking applicants for two m .The Dev“ and D‘mlel
oponlngs on the Facultvatudent Webster {Ind T hurbef
committee on Student Conduct (one Carnival." A voice student for five
undergrad and one grad). S. A. Is also years. ghe has a beautifully trained
seeking graduate students who are ‘ ._ .
. . l .L.
Interested ln servlng on the various wpmno mnge Her expcm‘nt m

Councils of Faculty-Senate or who hlgh SChOOI Chorus“. “1 u
would like to serve on FSA or on the professional German choir, and in
varlous subcommlttaes of Student the “mowers” trio and Chorus of
Allalrs Councll. Information and “Kaleidoscope” are evidence or
applicailons are avallablo at the S.A. , ,,

Office, c.c. Rm. 367. he? "1Ume Ulllllly‘

III order to facilitate transportation to Holiday Sing, there will bcI
buses running at the following times: Shuttle Bus. 5:30-7:00 pm ;
10215-1 l :40.

The Shuttle llus will stop at regular stops, run continuously and be
marked lloliday Sing. Extra buses for downtown: 6210,6130, 6:40
p.m. from Alumni Quad; 11:40 p.m., 12:10, 12:30 am. to Alumnil
Quad.

Special Events lloard invites the entire University community tor
Iloliday Sing. The Sing will be held on Sunday, December 15. Doors I,
open at 6:30 p.m. Tickets will be on sale today and at the door. Frec ,
with student tax and 3.75 without. Your hosts, Ro Cania and Vic
Loopcr co-cbairmcn

the brush of Paul Klee time and
space are telescoped and blown
out and the art-work seems to
proceed along several planes at
once.

CLASSIFIEDS

This will be the last classified ad scction for the scmcsicr.

The ncxl insertion will be Friday, FclmIary 7, 196‘).

The minimum price for a classified ad will be $.15 at $.05 per
word.

We will accept no ads that are ofa slanderous or indecent nature.

 

 

FORSALE How sweet ll
Charity."
m.

Macon". slonoo

ls--“5wout

 

Ladlca laced ski boots, sI/c I.
Used lwlco wrllr Larrlur. Cheap Land on
Call ‘mrrdy dbl-7711?. Gustall 1 1/2.
—____._.___..- .

llalhshcba: I "call advice.
Ablshau.

F—q—u-

 

anuillol Wt'KIUII-IJ gown and
lull IUlllJIll vull, pald tJm).
asking $125). phone 402-054".

 

A Irou grows ln Quoulls.
LOST
m ._

Groori NAVV jacket lll
Colonlal ulhlriu room lost. call
457-4010.

Wllhoul love. Illa has no
purposu.

HELP WANTED

LIVE WIRE WANTED: A
famous national rasdlna
organization It loaklnu (or an
energetic student to servo as
campus represent-the. Good
pay. Flexible hours to fit any
schedule. For details call
438-5713.

 

 

I
Lost l‘llou pua Jackal at
O‘Hoanys. Have a brown one.
Call LIll at 457-7740

 

PERSONAL

 

w.T. teas all Mammu 202.

 

 

 

 

