haw-

 
 

1..

. batman molt  Mu mum-atom
arosrtm..;-..Worn out -, ' .
twean-,pure.and,,appiied raa'aareh, betwaao general and
specialized study ahouldbe discarded. ’. ' .- .. _

The concerns for interdiscipliury work, the asso-
ciation of professional and acsdamic studies, and the
ralattonahip between .pure. and applied research, sug-

gests the“ -'central concern of the universityfshould bay

thekbro‘adda'lsue'a' of social and political policy at what--

ever""ievel‘.- Our assessment of the human condition I

in our times indicated that the university should en-
courage involvement, both. of students and faculty,
in the basic problemsgconfronting societyj'such as:

Food supply, air and water pollution, racisi'justice,
urban: cardamom-poverty, peace and other tomes.
it will,"*ofv cause. require: a great deal ofwisdom
to identify-thezproper‘role ‘of the university in con-
fronting such' issuaaui’rimarilypit should be solace
where the most fundamental aspects of such problem
can be considered, free from the pressure of immediate
practical decisions. . '

One of the clearest statements of our purposesand

goals was provided by Professor Audrey'Kouval, and .g
,is reproduced here with only slight modification: -

The university is the human institution designed,
to serve human needs, and in each age the great univer-
sities have inﬂuenced not only their own society but
the development of mankind to the extent in which

dogmas about tho‘distine‘tion bag,

they have been sensitive to the needs of their. historic 

place and moment." .

in the same way, we feel that the University at Albany '

should meet and develop the challenge of new and es-
sentially unique conditions rather than attempt ,to imi-
tate models from the past, however prestigious, or to
copy existing institutions, however successful. Our
broad obligations may be broken down into four areas,
the demands of which may sometimes appear to be
conflicting:

l. The need of human society as a whole

2. The requirements of the community in which we
find ourselves

3. The capacities and goals of the students who come
to us

'4. The commitment we set ourselves.to pure inves-
tigation and inquiry as an end in itself.
This is not to say that .we should incorporate nothing
from the past, nor learn anything from contemporary
experiment; it is simply to state that our prime task is
to discover our identity and reformulate the purposes
of the university. "

III

EXISTENTIAL FRAME WORK 'FOR PLANNING

In planning the undergraduate program on the Albany
campus, we have tried to take cognizance of a number
of facts drawn from our New York State situation as
well as our p05ition within the State University,and have
also found it necessary to make explicit several fun-
damental assumptions of a material and historical na-
ture.

Community colleges. In New York State, there is
already considerable dependence upon community col-
leges and cognate institutions to provide the first two
years of undergraduate education. At present,itis claim-
ed that as many as fifty per cent of those entering col-
lege go to a two year institution. This means that Al-
bany will receive substantial numbers of transfer stu-
dents. Present indications are that approximately fifty
per cent of the undergraduate student body will be in
the upper division. This fact suggests the desirability
of treating the first two years of the student's educa-
tion as a relatively distinct element. It also means
that the number of prerequisites to be taken at the fresh-
man and sophomore level for entry into the major
should be kept to a minimum.

Qualify of FMS/17mm- The academic qualifications
of entering freshmen will probably continue to rise.
For example, applications for the fall of 1967 were
more than forty per cent ahead of the previous year,
and the number admitted will increase only approxi-
mately ten per cent. However, it should also be ob-
served that men are in the majority among transfer
students.

The improving quality of the freshman class raises
serious doubts about the propriety of honors programs
at that level. It would probably be more desirable to
emphasize independent study and flexibility for all of
the students. -

Housing. The Albany University will not be able to
provide art-campus housing for all undergraduates in
the foreseeable future. The percentage of commuting
students has dropped in recent years, and now stands
at about ten per cent. The undergraduate student body
will be divided, in order of size, into on-campus stu-
dents, off-campus students in various kinds of facili-
ties, and commuting students. For several years, at
least, the art-campus students will be divided between
the old and new campuses. No long-range policy now
exists for determining which students should live ong

ALBANY sruoeurépnes's ,v -.

campus. Facilities would be adequate to support a policy
of housing all freshmen and sophomores on the new
cam». ’ ' . ‘ ‘ ' ' ,

‘ ; ResﬁemialC'dlelyesThe primary "home" of freeh-

man and sophomores should be academic rather than
residential. A thorough restructuring of the lower
division, as dos’cribed‘in this report, should make it

- possible for the" student to identify with his academic

program more completely than it is now possible.
The number of courses should be drastically reduced
for freshmen and sophomores. An emphasis upon in-
terdisciplinary courses with large blocks of time,rather

. than two and three credit hour courses, should help

to achieve this result. The main objective is to engage
the student in cooperation with representative faculty
in a significant intellectual adventure. The academic
program should be designed in such a way that students
have an opportunity to know a few faculty rather well.

Existing residential college plans tend, of necessity,

to be narrow in concept and do not adequately manage'

the tension between liberal education and specialization.

The majority of our. students come to a large uni-
versity .in quest of. ,a cosmopolitan sophisticated uni-
versity experience, one. which will maximize their

range .of choice, both academic and noné‘cademie. The

‘~ confines of a small paternalistic'college which care-

fully groups and supervises students, while not wholly
a romantic hold-over from the past, is not the first
option of a university preparing to be postmodern.
The problem of impersonality in large universities
is real but we attempt to meet it in ways other than
the tight structuring of the personal lives of our stu-
dents.

The individual should have freedom of choice re-
garding his living arrangements in the same manner
that he should choose from a variety of models of
learning on the Albany campus. The positive effects
upon students produced by those institutions which
have residential colleges are not clearly documented.
In fact, the residential college does not appear to meet
the needs of the mobile, transnational man of the
215i Century. If the modern university is to be the
leader of society, we would envision the student of the
future spending less time per year "in residence"
and increasing amounts of time in the national and
international "community," as well as in the privacy
of his home, given projected developments in trans-
portation, communications and educational technological
media. His "trips" to campus will be of shorter dura-
tion and involvement. He will also have greater oppor-
tunity for involvement in the affairs of his local com-
munity. it is possible and probable that the university
residence hall will become the antithesis of the rest-
dential college, and will be likened to an academic
youth hostel.

There are also pragmatic reasons for rejecting
the residential college concept. The task of recruit-
ing large numbers of highly qualified faculty who want
to live in residence appears to be difficult. The resi-
dential college would seem to be a step backwards in
an attempt to encourage an artificial living environ-
ment.

Continuity of residence has always been a major
factor in the success of a residential college; how-
ever, this is no longer possible in the 20th century.
We live in an age of mobility and discontinuity. Con-
temporary students are on the move; they change
majors, transfer, get married, go abroad, and punctu-
ate their formal studies with a wide variety of off-
campus experiences. Only about half of the entering
freshmen in American higher education will complete
undergraduate studies in four years.

The conclusion not to establish residential colleges
as the dominant mot/us apurandi for this university
does not necessarily preclude the establishment of
some residential colleges for special reasons or ex-
perimental purposes, as for example an international
quadrangle.

IV.

SOME GUIDING PRINCIPLES

At several sessi0ns, particularly in the beginning
and at the end, the committee tried to formulate and
make explicit the fundamental principles underlying
this report. Each of these could easily be treated in
a separate essay, and they are enumerated here in
only summary fashion, and not even in order of im-
portance.

l. lit/lance

The university of the mid-twentieth century is under
enormous pressure from what Professor Kenneth Gal-
braith has called the "techno-structure." The two main
sources of financial support for higher education are
government and industry (including foundations). Even
the church-related and independent colleges and univer-
sities are in some respects public. Tuition, fees and
private gifts are no longer adequate, and very few
institutions depend upon these alone. One consequence
of the new fiscal relationship is that universities have
become extremely responsive to the demands of their
benefactors, which are, indeed, in many cases alsoihe
demands of their student clientele. The majority of

students still come to college in order to prepare for
a specialized and-or technical role in society.

The university is not' only committed to providing
"trained personnel,”; .but it is also under great pres.
sure to provide theresearch and development neces.
sary to the arts, sciences, technology and administra-
tion. Even those institutions which in the past were
primarily concerned with.ihe quality of human life
and existence,‘are now inundated by practical demands
which they have come to serve with remarkable suc-
cess. :It is a long way from the ltfli/It'npoo/ Song to
the Manhattan project. The Undergraduate Committee
was wholeheartedly agreed on the principle that the
university must not only meet these demands but mllst
also find a way of balancing individual, private, humane
needs. It musi‘ also. assist students in finding ways
of deriving personal satisfaction and a. meaningful pri.
vate existence within the requirements of a mass.
media - technologically - orientedsociety. In a sense,
the university has the enormous task of serving two
masters. it was our view that we 'should not sacrifice
one set of demands for the other, and that while we ad-
vance specialized study and research at the highest pro.
fesslonal level in the arts and sciences, that we also
advance general education in thelibéral arts and take
seriously the‘art of living well and the purposes for
which .men live and die. Although this problem is an-
cient, it has never been felt, with greater urgency than
at this time in human evolution.

2. Transnationalism I

The university is an international, or, as we prefer
to say, a transnational institution. Teaching in the dis.
ciplines should transcend national boundaries both as to
content and method. Students should be enabled to live
in a world which is “rapidly becoming a Village."
The international dimension of academic activity was
stressed at nearly every major point in our delibera—
tions.

It is hoped that by 1970, five per cent of our student
body will be international and that by 1975 it might
rise to ten per cent. This would call for a substantial
expansion in the office of the internationalstudent
advisor and other supporting offices.

International education programs ' should be greatly
expanded and four types are suggested.

A. Programs of study abroad for those directly in-
volved in language-based disciplines. This could in-
clude students not only in the languages, but also in
such disciplines as history, politics, geography, and
other areas of study where the knowledge of a second
language is necessary. It is hoped that such students
could be sent abroad in substantial numbers. For ex-
ample, we regard it as essential that every student
preparing to teach language should study abroad.

B. Study and research abroad for those in a non»
language based discipline but which necessitates gm
ing abroad for materials or to study particular prob-
lems (e.g., geology, hydrology, archaeology, anthropol-
ogy). In this category we would encourage us many
students as we can to go abroad.

C. Service programs abroad. These might be under
national and international government auspices such as
AID, World Bank, Peace Corps, UNESCO and would
relate mainly to developing areas.

D. International general education. Six months abroad
for upwards of fifty per cent of our students to further
their general education and enrichment. This program
could be somewhat similar to those of Stanford and
Lake Eric. A quarter or three-three system would
make it even more feasible.

The Committee urges the establishment of a research
center for area studies at Albany which would lend sup
port to these international activities. We shouldulsotnkt-
advantage of the regional offices of SUNY which un- bu-
ing established in different parts of the world.

The Committee also supports the idea of establish-
ing an international residential quadrangle to house stu-
dents who are primarilylnvolvedin the study of languulit‘s
and language-based disciplines. Apartments should also lw
made available for visiting international professors.

(The above recommendations were drawn from iilt‘
deliberations of the Area Studies Advisement Commit»
tee of the College of Arts and Sciences, minutes of
meeting' of December 12, 1907.)

a. [Viraribifify

We postulated that society would continue to ulllil'l'l'.”
rapid changes, and that the university must, thcromru,
be able to accommodate itself to new developments,
often with inadequate load time, as in the early Pour--
corps Programs; that it be open to innovation and ex-
periment, not only in curriculum and program of studio»,
2:; also in the administration and management ufits own

a rs.

4. ('cntrdli/y 0/ {/w Sim/riff

The central focus in undergraduate education is still
the student, and we agreed that we should aiiumpl to
maximize the area of student choice within a broad
academic framework and to regard the student as an
adult with the primary responsibility for his own de-
velopment. one consequence of this principle in ‘1 KW”
emphasis upon independent study, as will hacmHL‘ UV“
dent elsewhere in this report.

 

5.!11quiry,- I

The various programs of study as well as teaching
methods should stress discovery and re-discovery, the
broadening and heightening of curiosity and the active
pursuit of knowledge no matter where it may lead.
Even in, our secondary function as a transmitter of
accumulated knowledgejwe should organize the learning
experience so as to stress the Spirit and requirements
or the process of inquiry. -

6, Creativity

Although this notion'ha's been overworked in recent
educational literature, it is nonetheless relevant. It
is especially pertinent to the question “who is a good
student?" Our own 'l'esponse is not formulated in terms
of grades, credits and examinations, but through creative
activity whether 'in the arts, sciences, or the affairs
of mam-How original, inventive, independent is the stu-
dent in using, applying, discovering, making, and doing

7. Relevance

Although the university should continue to provide
some, ivory towers and make provision for study and
research which seem to have no practical relevanco
at a given time, the bulk of the university’s under-
graduate activity should relate directly to the exis-
tential world. It should assess and define the needs
of society, and relate its activities to the market place,
to questions of political ideologies and religion, to gov.
ernment, and to voluntary organizations of all descrip-
tions. In short, the relevance of the university is not
only to the needs of the “techno-structure," but also
to all aspects of human existence.

Educdfional chlmo/oqz‘m

We agreed that the new media and educational tech-
nologies should be used freely and with frequency, but
always in the best interest of the student and nut the
business office. We took a positive approach to the
new educational technologies which we see primarily
as a means of enhancing and maximizing prufossurlal
talents and improving instruction. Without question, We
rank. at the top of instructional methodology the pPrSull-
a1 contact between professor and student; however, we
must also take into account that there Is and will be
a shortage of professors for the foresceablc futuro.
It Is important that we do not waste the professor by
using him to perform inferior tasks which can be ade-
quately achieved through mechanical innovation. Our
guiding principle here is that we do not mochaan the
teacher when a gadget is available, and thatwu take care
to use the human teacher where only a human contact
can do the job. We recognize that many functions can
be performed adequately and often better by modern tech-
nology. It is no longer necessary, for example, to have
an instructor drilling students inphouctlcs whonlanguugc
laboratories are available. Importing facts and data can
also be done by various technological techniques, and many
other functions of teaching can be done by new devices.

9- IL'r/ur'df imm/ Plum/[sin

In order to increase the student’s freedom and his
range of choices, we agreed that We would provide at
least two or more paths for every major educational
goal. If the student is to be regarded as an adult,
then he should have the opportunity to make his own
educational choices wherevor possible —. especially
at the undergraduate level. The principle of cducntlmull
pluralism is analogous to the concept ofvnnsumcr chom-
in classical economic theory.

lO.Sl'/1(Iru/ion 0/ Ic'f‘u/Im/iml [ml/I Ill.\/I'/lr‘/fflll

Closely related to the ideas of flexibility and inde—
pendent study is the conviction that the system of oval-
uatlon, course credits, grades and other related mat-
ters need to be raised to a higher plane. in broad ont-
llne, the views of the Committee are as follows:

1. Evaluation of student achievement through 3 var-
icty of devices in addition to conventional exam.
inations; e.g., creative works, performances, dis—
Sertations, original papers, at r-ctcra.

Evaluation of student achievement by larger units
or fields of study.

. Lie-emphasis of courses and course credits.

An external system of evaluation, not necessarily
course by course, in which the evaluation would
he made by qualified persons who did not actually
teach the student.

Credit by examination, whether through the ngcm y
of established organizations, such as lC'I‘S or n
SUNYA office of evaluation.

to

Au

on

H. '/'/n' :lr‘mlr'mir {'rl/f'lif/(II‘

The perfect calendar may exist as a platoniv idn-nl,
but we doubt it. We examined various alternatives and
found that each had its special imperfections. The ulti—
mate choice is an exercise in the reconciliationand corn.
Dromise of lesser evils. Despite these counsels ofpnssl.
mism, the Committee was pleasantly surprised to find
that it could agree and reach unanimity with a mini-
mum of debate, A substantial debt is owed one of our
members who did exhaustive research on the subject
and left us with a stock of comprehensive documenta-

on.

We do not regard this report as the proper place to
dwell on details of curriculum and administration, much

ALBANY :STUDENT PRESS ‘ -

less .on such a knotty question as choice-of calendar
which can easily fragment an academic community. We
merely record a few sentiments as guidelines for subse-
quent deliberation. In our judgment the most significant
priority in choosing a calendar is to find one which
would maximize our ﬂexibility so that the various
patterns suggested In this study could be more readily
implemented. When looked at in this perspectiva, the
semester system seems to be the :most rigid. . .,

The committee, therefore, recommends that'we inves-
tigate the adoption of a three-quarter system or some
variation such as the three-three. In effect, this means
retaining the academic year as we have it at present;
dividing it, however, into three parts instead of two.

We leave open the question of establishing a full sum-

mer quarter which remains as a ponsibility.

The three-quarter system enables us to provide
courses both of shorter and longer duration. It makes
it possible for students to take a quarter off for work,
other types of experience, internships, ct retera. it
is also of great utility in increasing the mobility of
faculty so that they may do research, travel, consult,
or engage in field work. The three-three system would
relieve the students of considerable pressure while also
freeing them for independent study. The latter could be
structured and put on a credit basis if and when we
consider it desirable. '

The detailed disposition of this question is deferred
to the next phase of discussion and il'nplementation.

v.
NEW AND OLD PATTERNS

The Committee discussed a vast variety of specialized
topics, but It devoted the largest part of its efforts to
new and old paticrns of undergraduate education. The
heart of our report is in be found in this sortinn.

After a brief flight of fantasy during which time the
Committee almost succumbed to the malaise of most
curriculum reformers, namely to seize upon a single
monolithic plan, we recovered quickly and returned to
our basic Idea of cducuiiunnl pluralism; I/u'rt’ is not
nm‘ put/wry) 0/ rzlffll'rg/I'm/m/h‘ r'r/m-u/iou. Ill/l Ill’l’U/‘Stu‘
dents and faculty should have a broad range of choice.
Educational pluralism and flexibility emerged as firm
opt-rational principles.

Inducing cducathmnl rhnngc is a delicate matter,
and we sought to find a balance between tradition and
innovation. We agreed that there is much to be said in
justification of the existing pattern of undergraduate
education at SUNYA, and that it should not be scuttled.
On the other hand, It should not be rigidificd and thus
constitute a barrier to additional Innovations and experi-
ments. At one of our student-faculty seminars, the ques-
tion was raised, “What’s wrong with our present sys-
tem?" Our reply was simple. It is good, but does not
go far enough.

our idea of educational pluralism seeks to bring about
u harumniuus relationship among a limited number of
academic subcultures. In a real sense, choice is ul-
timately loft in the student, and the university Serves
as an educational "market—place" in which various pat-
terns of undergraduate education may compete for the
enlightened commitment of both Students and faculty.
It is the rtu-mumcndation of the Committee that tho edu-
rational programs of the universitybodeliboratcly struc-
tured to maximize the student’s freedom of academic
action within the university. We do not expect young stu-
dents to know precisely what pattern in boat for thcm.
llut since we are encouraging the student to experiment,
to choose among a variety of choiccs,wc must also make
it possible for him to alicl' his decision from time in
time, without prejudice and with a minimum loss in time,
money, credit, or (‘Sit‘t'lll.

The patterns that wu urc rt‘f'Ullllnt'lltiillg at this
juncture will undoubtedly have to be modified or oven
abandoned at it later date. We are, therefore, urging
an administrative style or posture which will accommo-
daic smoothly to major social changes and facilitati-
rcndjustments of the internal structure of tho univer-
sity to meet new needs.

Through the centuries, the administration of higher
education has been among the must mnscrvativc in
the western world. Despite the {HM that in nvndmuln
we are supposed to live on tho intellectual frontier,
in face new ideas constantly, it remains that In cducn-
tlonal administration there is a strange «ll-sire to live
with and maintain antiquated prnrcdun-s. Nu institution
has retained morn medieval and runnlssunr-c forms than
the university, not even the Roman Catholic Church.
We seem to be tethcrod to ntrnphicd monastic and
agrarian traditions. The Committee is not advocating
the abandonment of the old forms simply because they
are old; it is merely rm-onnncmilng that wo be prepared
in make changes regularly, systematically, tn grout
all new conditions, welcome some, and adjust to the
inevitable without despair.

The report of the (‘onnmlttco 15 not intended as n
critique of the prevailing system; we were asked to
suggest new and to revise old pnttorns in order in cape
more surf-esafnlly with our added responsibilities and
our enlarged scope of activity. We are, indeed, recom-

mending'that the present pattern of undergraduate edu-

cation'be retained; i.e‘., the continuance'of university"”'

College with its present requirements and administra‘-
tive structure, and also the system of upperlevel de- '
partmentai major, and second field sequences, both In-
the General and Teacher Education Programs. Students:
and faculty presently committed to the existing pattern' ,

  
 

can continue "business as normal.“ But whilewerecom‘g . ,

mend retaining' University College, we alsowish to use
it ,as a foundation upon which to build.We are, therefore, . ,
recommending five additional patterns, severalpf which
can be regarded as innovations or experimental programs.

The. Three-Year lfaxfer's.We share the premise,'
held by many educators and students of contemporary
American society, that the goal of universal high school
education is in process of being replaced by two years
of junior and community college, or equivalent. Furth-
ermore, we recognize that the explosion-ofknowledge
in all the arts and sciences, the added requirements of
specialized training, and the demands made by contem.
porafy concepts of citizenship and compiexityof modern
life require additional time and energy of the student
and a rationalization of old procedures. We therefore
recommend that serious students be given the oppor-
tunity to integrate what Is now conventionally known
as the junior and senior year with the one year master's
into a unified and coherent three-year program, culmin-
ating in a master's degree. Whether the master’s is
to be regarded as a graduate degree or a redefined
undergraduate degree is at this point a moot question.
We‘ urge that the State University 'at Albany provide
the opportunity to large numbers of students to work' - '
straight through to a master's degree by three years
of study beyond the sophomore level. The faculty should
examine during the next decades the possibility of even-
tually phasing out the bachelor’s degree in selected areas.
However, the eventual status of the bachelor's degree
should not inﬂuence our evaluation of the proposed three
year master’s.

It should be made quite explicit that the Committee
is not suggesting that the bachelor's degree be elimin-
ated, certainly not at this time.We are proposing a three-
ycar master's as a parallel option to the more conven-
tional two-year upper level program.

The three-year master’s has numerous advantages,

and has already been adopted by scores of universities

in the United States. It makes possible more systematic

planning of the student's program, assists in the clari-

fication of individual student goals, and in the identifica-
tion of academically talented students. It also helps avoid
the overlap between conventional undergraduate educa-
tion and the first year of graduate study (at another
institution).

'l'lu' (.‘r’ncrdl (,'ql/r'yc.Much time was given to the dis-
russion of the General College, which is to be conceived
on a strikingly different model from the existing Uni-
versity College. The General College should have its own
...rulty and administration, be given maximum autonomy
to determine its own curriculum and to provide for its
own selﬁgovernance with respect to faculty recruitment,
promotions, tenure and salaries. The General College
is to be primarily a two-year institution of quality, em-
phasizing the highest standards of teaching, and should
be oriented to the liberal arts and general education.
It may, at a later date, wish to consider upper level
programs in selected areas.

We see its faculty as consisting of scholars who are
great teachers, who aim at wisdom rather than, but not
opposed to, specialized knowledge. The intellectual
lineage may be mythicallytroced as startingwithSocrates
and extending to such men nearer our own times as
Newman, Benjamin Jowett, John Stuart Mill, Alexander
hllkcljolm, Sir Richard Livingston, Sir Walter Moberly,
Carl and Mark Van Dorcn, Robert Hutchins, llarold
Taylor, David Riesman, and numerous other contempo-
raries. The Gcnornl College should have a dean who is
distinguished for his broad general learning and humane
aspirations as an educator. The faculty should draw men
and women of wide experience and diverse intellectual
preparations.

It may very well include specialists who havo deliber-
ately withdrawn from further specialized investigations
in order to devote themselves to the more general but
philosophical and humanistic approaches to inquiry.
We recommend that Several distinguished professorshlps
be assigned to this faculty to give it tone and a proper
ambiance. Only those professors who are outstanding
teachers should be eligible for the faculty.

Faculty members of the General College should enjoy
status in the larger university community, but their pri-
mary allegiance Is to the College, and not to a depart-
ment. it should not be conceived as a stepping-stone
to a departmental position, nor as a mark of failure
in the specialized world of Scientific research and artis-
tic creativity. From time to time, members of the de-
partments may be offered Opportunities to teach, on an
ad hoo basis, in the General College, but only as their
talents and lively interests may indicate. "

Administratively, the General College should report
directly to the senior academic official below the presi-
dcnt, or, indeed, to the president. It should formulate
its own standards for tenure and promotion, independent
of the separate departments.ltshould also control its own
salary schedules, overall budget and enjoy equal material
support.

The curriculum and progrumofstudies shonld be large-

ly determined by its ownfaculty,butina continuous forum
or dialogue with the university faculty. We foresee a

 

 

1;
-.

-..~A._..

.u «V... .....c. v.~.<‘nv~

 

