   
 

i
(,

 

PAGE 8

_Who Should Fi

once plentiful contributions have
receive in no manner covers
educational institution. Some e
of private institutions feel that
ave to take an increasing share of the bu
schools.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

The Forum

Private colleges and universities are in serious financial trouble. Their
dwindled, and the money they do

the spiraling costs of running an
ducators, primarily the administrators
the state and federal governments will
rden of financing the private
If such government financing does not become available,
many schools will have to seriously cut back programs, and others
may have to close altogether.

Other educators maintain, hocher, that private schools should
remain private, and that to give these schools state
mean that they would have to “take orders‘
effect, become part of the State University system
is with this in mind, then, that we ask the qiiestion: "Should
tuitions at state universities be raised in order to offset the deficits of
private schools?“

funding would
‘ from the state, and, in

One genuine purpose of a public
institution of higher learning is to
provide the best possible educa-
tion at a minimal cost. The State
University of New York has been
able to achieve that purpose, and
in doing so has enriched the lives
of the hundreds of thousands who
are enrolled in its colleges and
universities as well as advancing
the cause of higher education in
this state.

What will a rise in tuition do to
this advancement, and how will it
affect those students who are pre-

 

 

" initiate ...voucher system"

Edgar B. Schick, Assistant to the President
and Asststant Professor tichrinaii

My response to the specific question asked is very
short: "No!"

Behind this specif : question of yours tlicrc lies,
however, a series of more basic issues.

First of all, tuition and other fees for students
enrolled in the State Univnrsity will rise in the
not toodistant future. There is no doubt that our
socicty as a 'Vlllill' is beset by at least two kinds of
inflationary pressures. (l) The gciicral economic
price rise affects higher education aiiil, indeed, all of
the state gchrnmcntal operations We really cannot
t‘Xpl‘t‘t' lllt‘ colsls for tuition. fees, room. .iiid board,
to remain stable when all of the other costs in
society aiiil especially those facing llll' university
itself are rising at close lll ti’l a year (2) WP arc
also faccd With .i use in expectations on the part of
our society, a constant forcc in all social orders.
More people want access to higher education, in
particular, and more people want the better things
of life which they think experience in higher
education can provulc (‘li-iirly higlicr education
cannot stand alone in resisting these types of prici-
pressures

 

 

Third, the Stale Univcrsily itself is Sl't'l-(lllg ways of
gcncriiting additional ri-vcnin- so that It may lith-
illlllllltlllill fli-Xihilily in our l'Xll‘l'lnl'ly liglil "line
item" type litidgct \yhlt'ln to maintain and lo
imprich the quality of the academic program It is
hoped that. thc Stati- l"nini v i- Law can be chungcd
to permit the Slate UmVi-r l to re niii sonic of the
additional income gi-iii~‘:iti d aiiil not litin' to use it
iill ctllicr to hack l)lillll‘. for construction or to hurt-
it deposited n lllt‘ Slate's gcni-ral purposi- fund It
will lie i-spi-cially crucial to allow illtllVlllllill colleges
and tiiichrsilIt‘s to iliitintl- ways of saying nioncy

illltl also to t'sltllillhli appropriate fees, the proceeds
from both of llicsc ciili-giirics licing i'i-liiiiicd pro
gram and particular student iii-i-ds While no one
likes to pay inoilcsl charges for specific scrvn-i's
l‘t'lltll‘l‘t'tl if we could feel that we .iiiil our colleagues
In llll\ academic community were gcltiiig woini-
clcar and definiti- benefit from that mom-y the that
in additional Library acquisitions, more staff for llll'
Library to handlc its needs, or l)('l'll'l‘ l"‘“HIPIIuin‘i'
of the parking lots) It. would also lic useful if Wt'
had money to replaci- illltl iinpriivc llll' furnishings
lll lllt‘ tliimpus ('i-nti-r and other ln-avtly uscd
facilities as our student, population iiicre-ws 'l‘lii-
thinking of the top ol'l'li'iau in Statc govvi'nmi-nl
clearly is not settled on this issui-

li'ourth, it is clear that it don-s not make sense Io
I'Xpillltl expensive facilities on State University
t'tllllpllst'h when high quality pt'lVillt' colleges are
havnig difficulty in recruiting students The .iiisWi-i
to llll‘. problcin docs on! however, llt' in .i kind of
"price fiXing" which wt- we in the hnsiiicss world .is
“fair trade Ill-ins " t'ilm-ns of llil.\ State have every

 

right to expect that moderate if not low cost
highcr l'tllll‘iilluti opportunities are made available
for lhc lit-ni'fil of .ill iif llll' liciiplc iif llic Slali- 'I'liis
includes "continuing education" in the broadest
wow credit and min l'l't‘tlll, graduate and llllllt‘l'
graduate alike (in .i local li-Vcl, ii privatc and it
public institution might be .ililc to allow llill'l'
registration by \tuilciitw .iiul t-xcliungc ol l.|t'llllV .iiitl
stntlciils liy liccpiiig .i l\|l|tl of [I'llgci to lie siiic that
no Ullt' ‘.ttlt‘ winsiitl'i-riiig ii iniiioi‘ "trailc di-I'icil "

llnt on .i liirgcr nail“. ll ml'l'llh Io llil‘ iliiil lllt‘ Stati-
Will llitVt‘ lo iinli.ili- ‘uttlllt‘ lillltl of .i “vouclii-i
.yslcin' ll" Iliow students who illl' iliiiilil'ii-d for
post tul'l‘UlHlier I'tlllt‘iilllllliil oppoilunitics lint who
l’illllltll bi- .ici-iiiiiiniidiiti-il williiii lhc public higliei
cducatioii offered in llll‘ Slate The amount of the
vouchers would probably not equal llll' full liiiliiiii
charges at n p'lVillU t'iillcgi- or uniVI-isily, .intl llicy
would also be less lllilll llll' amount of din-cl sliilc
ind .ii the lorin of operating budget dollars pi-i
full time i-qiiivnlcnt student at a slatt- university,
Still, the funds could make it substantial ilil'fcrcnci'
tor ii private unititutioii which has empty sptictis and
provule Individual students with meaningful edu
Cilmon option». Care will have to be taken tllltt‘llt)
student is denied access to public higher education
because of hiii ﬁnancial difficulties.

sently enrolled in the State Ulll‘
veisity system? What effect will it
have on fu tiire enrollment 'f

it may save the private institu-
tions, as some legislators hope it

things as highway construction,
housing, construction (vis a vis,
The South Mall), etc., which are
always in need of finances. But is
this the purpose of educational
costs? Are other areas of state
expimsionism, at the expense of the
students, and at the expense of
education?

First, many students who can
barely afford the SUNY costs at
present may he depriVed of any
education if the costs are in-
creased. Second, many students
will be driven into the private
institutions which will be compar-
able in cost but which usually
have the better name. Many of
our top notch students who were
accepted at schools such as

FEBRUARY 11.‘ 1972

nance Private Schools?

"State ...can't avoid the consequences ”

Richard Liese, Chairman, Central Council

Albany, or in the SUNY stern;but
many people select the college or
university that they will attend
according to the costs involvr-d
and Albany, or SUNY, is (lttsiriiblti

  

for that reason alone, Will we in,
filling the private college at. our
own expense?

, When [ asked Asscr Vinaii

Fred Field these very qlll‘hlltilis,
he responded "Well then ltu-lt,
how much of a tuition rise is Iim
much'.’H Obviously, be we ilt'tl ll)
raise the tuition, hilt he did not
want the consequences that would
result from it. i can only say that
he can't avoid the CtulSI‘tllll'llt't‘s
Neither can the state. The cuts
that education has received in thi-

will, by raising the SUNY tuition C“ r n 0"!
high enough to compete with
their own costs. it may also help
to provide additional rchnue for

[he Sum. L“ bu Us”! rm such not to sin that one cannot receive
a comparable education at

“State has a moral obligation...’

University of
Connecticut. Harvard‘ MC" chose noughpbut a subsequent increase
Albany (or the SUNY system) m “mm” "my bf Gum'sm'l’lw
bccause of its lower cost. This is

new budget request. are bad c

One cannot be expected to iit't‘cpl
a decrease in services, in ll'til‘lilllL‘
faculty, in financial aids, i-ti- , and
it rise in the cost of tltll‘litltlig lllt'
umvvrsily also.

Arthur N. (Iollins. Professor of tin ’llSll and President, Uiiivci‘sit Sena -
la y it.

“Should tuition .it state universities he raised in
order to offset the deficits of private schools-1‘" in
thc form in which ll is put, this question appcars to
call for an oliVious "No." ,-\flcr all. the Public
cannot be called upon to support institutions that are
private without confusing the distinction between
thc two, And who does not know that what is
“private” is restrictcd, privdcged, and clitist'.’ Or
that what its public is open, democratic, and
American" How can the question he ciiiitrth-rsial
when ll would lic so sclf~cvidcntly absurd to give an
affirmativv reply"

it may be tempting to reason ' or liising words
more iii-curatclyi to respond in this fashion. As a
laxpaycr and as ii father Willi oni- l'lllltl in collcgc
llllll three more llkl‘lV to want to go, it is especially
ti-inpling. But to answr-r the question in this fashion
is cvrdcncc of not liavmg grasped the problem at all.

The problem lll'ert'S from the competition hc-
lwccn privatc and public iinivcrsitics, .i competition
which lat least for New York Stali-
l'nlil the Sixties brought such
people sci-king to attend i‘tillcgi' tli
tics mother stall-s raised .i tuition barrier in orilcr to
favor lllt‘ll‘ own i-ili/.i-ns lwhosi- taro-s supported the
universities), New York State ncglcctcil to develop a
great public iiiiiVi-rsitv lt ri-lii-d instead on the
niiiiicrous privntt- iiiiIvi-rsiliI-s within its hordch and
on thc public iiiiiVi-rsilnis of other states in an
about face, New York i'i'ciilcil thc vast Sl'NY
syslciii and supported it generously. lli
part, has caused tlii- vast SllNY svstc
it. gcncrouslv. that support -
pliglil of lllt' privati- lllll\’

)is quite recent.
crowds of young
at public iiiiivcrsi

in support in
in and supported
Ill part has caused llit‘
crsilii-s .it the tii'l‘st-nl llllll'
‘l'hc matter of higher ctltic

I .iliiiii
hunting is being discussed

.il .ill li-Vcls iil our
l‘tllll'ﬂllllllill and governmental slructurcs
giihli-ii tli't'udc lltlfii‘t lirti Milllt‘ of tlicsc lI' qncs
lions Wl'l'l‘ ignored Now we have llll' obligation to
come to grips thll llll'lll, as Well as with other basic
questions regarding the nature of higher l'lllll‘lllllill

ln tln-

 

l“.|t‘t'll Wllll mounting costs of instruction, iniun
lcnaiii‘c. niid iipcriilion,tlic priviili- iinivi'rsiln-s litch
liccn oliligcil to l';|l.\|‘ tlii-ir tiillioiis to a lcvcl which
I\ nearly [)l‘UllllHllVl' for lllilll) familics that might
l‘.Il'lll'l‘ hich si-iil llll'lr'l‘lllltll'l'll llicrc And put .is llll‘

number of passengers on hllhl's iii... ilci'ri-asi-u \\'llli
cach fare raise, so the number of students [liHlllL'
the full co .s of their education at private lllllli't‘r\:
ties has declined with cacli tuition rise. A! the siiiiie
time, the publicly supported llanl'rSlly has grown Ill
stature as well as cnrollmcnt. Middle class f.iltlll||'\
now seriously ask tlicmsclvvs whcthcr llll‘l’l‘ is
sufficient difference in quality l)t'lWl‘t'll ii ili-gri-i-
from Syracuse and one from SUNY to justify lllt'
. rimping nl’Cl’SSllly to pay for the more t-iisili
article. SUNY's past Willingness and ability llii-l-auw
of generous public support) to expand lll(ll‘fllllll-l\
have made it seem likely that SUNY might l'lll’lll‘l'
the market. Vacant places in freshman classes .ll
private schools will simply increase llic pi-r l‘.llill,i
cost for lhosc who do at lcnd.

(iivrn this much background, it should bc [ll|\‘~llill‘
niiw to grant that, the question lit-fon- us might I)"
divided and rephrasi-d as follows.

ll) is it dcsirahlc for private lllll\l‘l’\|lli'n lt‘
contintn- to exist in Ncw York"

(13) llas New York Stale no obligation to llilll
lln'm survwe”

til) ls tlic lcvr-ling of tintion charges at lhi- tui-
kinds of tiiiiVi-rsilii ' an appropriate wa_\ loi Ilu- in -l
way) of granting ass sliiiict- to the private Il|tl\|'l‘\l
tics?

I think it is incontcslablc that llll' l)l‘|\.'.ilt' lllil\l'l .i
tics of this state are still. as they have been Ior movi-
tliiin a ccntury, .i grcai piililic .issct l.ind nil IliI'
nation, not Just lllt' stiilci l think the Slat-- |i.i-~ .i
moral obligation to assist thi-ni to sin-\ch llt‘slllll'
their private financing, they ll.'iVl' served the publi-
'l'hi-ir admission policies, ltlu' lln-ir i'mplmmn-iii
policies, are being lll)l‘ttilll.l'tl by t'l\‘il right» li-i.-i.i.i
tioii and by administrative I't'spllll\l\‘t'lll‘\\ to Ilii
spirit of the times l think they haw .i li-iillini-I'I'
claim on tax dollars

 

 

 

lint l havn- yct oi maki- up my mind its to llli\\.
much of ii claim lhI-y have, .iiiil what is llll' lllll’i
.ipproprialc way to proridc those tlllll.it"~ lliv'
answer to this last question dept-lids upon llll' lIl\l l‘.
consequences of provnling lll'll Nllpllllll iiiilivi-ii‘u
by rcquiring that cvvry SllNY \llttli‘lll to»
family) pay .i lill‘Lll'l' shin-t- ol‘ lllt‘ l'li.l Ill li-. Hm.
t'tllll‘llllull

We cannot view ourselves as an island"

lt‘l'l’y \tillicit, Viic l’i'csidcnl. Student Association

llamng tln- tuition oi the Slate .ilso
l'iiivcrsiliiw ltl iil'l'scl lll'lll'lli of I
piivali- ciilliigi-s is si-Il'dcfiuiliiig m units
tWii s-‘nscs

ll'illl to it

quality of the t'llllt‘illllill in SUNY

:\lHllllI'l' lilt'l‘l oi llll‘ lllll'\llt|ll ll

liaising the tuition Ini till “I -"
ri-iluclion Ill llll‘ l‘iiivi-isilic» to oil-rt luv-i"
\t'llHlll ilcl'icits Ii .i \ltll llilll
wind» it llic lllIlItIll .. 

|.l|\1‘tl_ the |iltil|l'\ \lllllllll ii. . »

l“li’\l to misc liiition Without o.i L’IW'H lli l'Hllxlllll in thc Illlllllil'l
. ' ' ll it , ‘ it t-
“. “Hum”: ,.| it“. “ppm,” “huh, ol out ol \lati' rcslllciits .|llt'lllllll)‘ H; {K [ mull“ I” “my
, ' r. , .. i ll: .
IVyillfl ‘slllll'l iirc will .|l|llllllilllt'.lll\,i pi'ituli- \|'lltiiil\ in New ‘i'orli “MIMI I,“ “I.

i-Iiininalc iti:iii\ \tiitlciits froiiiiili Hliiti- tiii|\ ..lmm ' ““"”" "l ""’“‘"""”‘l' "“l

t.uiiiiig tlii- l'tlllt'illlllll llll‘\ llilllll'l
I\ could l'IVi-ii Wllll this rcstriit'

1'lll'tlllllll'lll ol SUNY is oliliiiiii-d

I Ylll‘
1‘, lil ilii-lni.il ‘
mg liir Illlt'dll‘ Ill‘llltlllllln aural--

lll' i-‘(pliiii-il lll'lllli‘ hind-HM

Iiii'iiiil Itl llll' Hutu-ills scholarship mu" “HI “I “Mt ll' wmml 1“. ml" 54ll\'\ \llllll'lllin wttli Illlll‘ll too.
lli'llulillll, many students w to I” “Y Hm" pnme ""'"l“l"”" i

‘ ltt mm“ . ‘ I it I\ tlllplllliltll iii.it llll\.ll| iii»
“"l' ‘l‘li'llly “if .i scholarship Will " “nu” 'lml’ly “"1"” “W” lilutniiis linilt lor i-coiioinim uiii-

not lll‘ iilili- to obtain .iii cducal ion In” “I “I” “I SIM“ “mum.”
Should the tuition of our )lill|'

With the increased cosl

 

institution because of the near

'iiinlly. )lllllt'lllh who former [Hm/Nan hyhlrm I". “w” l” "'l’
ly chow to iillciitl .i SUNY tin” “mm m" "m"
niittlii choose to attend it private “mum‘s” (‘WIW'W w" """W’l
V|cw uum-lvvs as an iiiliiiid Since
parity of costs This may leiitl i,“ Nf'W York State at a nut exporter
u” “Mm” (“cum in unmumum for of students, we muiit share some in
SUNY and create an oven bluaktir m “"3 hmde The pun" i” “ml “"Wmllllt'
mum“, mum“, rm it. u could the Federal Government should
‘ help bear some of this coiit.

atom of such non

In their own sli’ui'ttui- \lllll i» ll“
sharing of faculty llll'llllll'l\ ind
facilities Willi iii-.ii'liv l'llllt'L‘l'i .niel
nnchi’iiti-w l"nrtlii-iinoii-, llil' il
l'li‘icnt‘y of lhcii' M‘l’Vll‘l'h and It!“
ltniinii should )I' l‘XiilllIlll'll ‘l'lio
I’XllllllllitllIHl inin call fora i'hiinll“
certain programs in orili-i to
them and allow the
institution to "get more for it»
money,"

 

FEBRUARY 11, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Lindsay Comes to Albany
 omething for Everyone

by Al SEnia

John Vliet Lindsay brought Campaign ‘72 to the
Capital District Wednesday, promising a little hit of
everything to everybody.

He, along with the other “Big Si '" city mayors
from across New York State. conVcrgi-d on Alhuny
for a public legislative hearing on fun Nam,”
Rockefeller's proposed budget that cndcd predictab-
ism atid a call for more fcdi-rul “I” i,“

 

 

ly: with er
the state‘s impoverished cities.

What was rather unpredictable was Lindsay's
agreement to meet rcprcsi-ritatchs from the Albany
Student Press and SUNYA's Student Association for
a short. private press conference. At the meeting,
which lasted about fifteen minutes Lindsay offered
comments on a number of far-ranging topics that.
encompassed national, state, and local concerns.

Fourth Party?
Candidate Lindsay, dressed modishly in a liiignl

blue shirt with wide, slt‘lpt'il ri-d tic, shrugged off
any active role in ii fourth | party movemcnt

under past national administrations, has "remained
unansWered, uncertain and unmet."

rle endorsed a cutback in military spending,
claiming that over a five year period as much as
thirty billion dollars might be cut from the defense
establishment and rechanneled to the cities to cure
urban ills. Primarily, the saving would occur through
dc~escalation of the war in Southeast Asia and slices
in the Pentagon budget.

When queried about the draft cvadcrs forced to
lch in (lanada, Lindsay replied: “'l‘o prosecute them
would just make matters worse." Instead, he opted
for a plan that Would sec returning youths serve
their communities ” for a period of time with
appropriate pay."

And he riipped President Nixon's revenue sharing
proposal as “underfunded” and "heavily controlled
by state officials, many of whom have anti-urban
prejudices."

The Mayor went on to make a pitch for middle
class \'tilt'l‘ support, claiming that his day care
proposals, open enrollment and free tuition policies
at the City University, and suggestions for health
care reforms would result in increasing support from

“The legacy of this country has been the legacy of

poverty and racism...seen more by the peoples

of other countries than by ourselves.”

that might inlltl'rllllllil' as an offshoot [ll this
summer's Democratic convmition

instead. he promised to work inside llll' lli-inoi'rat
ic Party for meaningful change, olisi-rvnig that ”
helicvt- wc'll l)l' coming out to!" thc conri-ulioiii With
a progressch tickcl lill support that liclict ' llul
this analysis, hc cautioned, did not mean lll‘ was
writing a “blank check" of i-nilorsi-ini-nl for |'|lllt'f
the party's platform or its final noiniiii-i-s

Lindsay also rejected ii \‘ll'l‘ pri-sidi-iilial slot wnh ii
tcrsi- “No!” and il comment that "I'd pit-fer to go
hack and finish in_\' ll'l'lll as mayor' if such .i
possibility i-ini-rgcd

lll‘ l'ltl(lt‘tl his long tinu- |iUllllt‘;il iiiiil. Nelson
llockcfcllcr, for lll|' L'o\ci'iior\ suggestion that tiic
t‘ity University and State l'niicrsilv ‘i\'\l|'lllx nit-lia-
.i intch that would Virtually guariinlci- ili-- i-iidiiig til
fri'c tuition lind opt-ii enrollment for t'l‘N\ slu

dcnts. “’l‘hi- (hiri-riior wants to l'tltl Irm- tuition and
Upt'll cnrollinciil" said lhc mayor '.\nd Iliiilis
wrong. the opcn l'llftillllll‘lll litillt') is wot l\|IlLl

lll‘ plt-ilgcd to fight loi‘ lllt' t'ily liiii\cisiI\'s
indcpcnili-nri-

“ltclmaiit lssucs"

Lindsay .ilso spoke out on .i lllllllltl'l' ol liiilllilldl
lsvucs. “'l'lic legacy of lll|\ nation has lien-n llii-
legacy of poverty and racism. ti legacy that has
liccoinc ii ciliicci' sci-ii lllUl't' Iiy llll' peoples of iillici'
ciiiiiiti‘ics than by ourselves, ~hc siiiil i\iid lll‘ iiililcd
that thc i'hallciigc pi'i-sciilcd li_\' llll'Nl' pi'olilciiis.



    

(43
at
r

 

559‘ .
y ..  lllll M mm...

that bloc of votcrs

Nor were senior citizens forgotten, he called on
the federal gichrnmcnt to assume more of tlic
biii'dcn for health scrvtcc. “it is ridiculous," said
Lindsay. "that ii [)crsuli on Social Security may not
earn more than Sililll) and that the White House
l‘onfi-rcnci- on llll' Agcil tlsltl'll for a minimum of
S‘intlll ”

And finally, ll|' put his pri-sitli-ntial quest in
pcrspt't'llt’l', explaining that his campaign roininit

  

Iincnts "i-xtcndcd only to the Florida, Massachn
wiles, .iiiil Wisconsin primaries " llc characterich
thosi- l‘:lt‘1‘\ in. ".ill l'flllt'tIl-t'vl'l'y single one is

critical "

‘I'hi-n Lindsay uiis otl', shaking hands and smiling
.ll lhc \llllll'lllh its lll‘ tiiovcil toward the lltitir “Wc‘d
love to how you speak on campus," (inc t)l tln-
sindcnts lllllll'tl lli- paused for ii vcry hricf instant,
groping for “11' right Words “Wc'ri- kind of tied up
in Florida now, ' lic cxpliiincd. Willi that. his tall.
gaunt l'i.iinc strtidc out into tlic icy cold and toward
the .iirplaiic that would take him, and his aides,

home

As many other candidates have learned, the hopes
of presidential aspirants fadi- quickly in this tllVllll'tl
|.ind whcrc ignoniiny sci-ins only an idle \yllilllll' or
poor performance away from succcss.

l"or lillllll'tl and tircd .lolin Iiindsay, wliosi- l'lcdg
iiig campaign gets its first real tryout Ill lllt'
\vidcopcii l-‘loridii primary, thc .icid tcsl l.\ in little
iivi-i l'oiir wn-i-ks and l l00 miles away

I"'li‘l‘ ' ‘

u c M

  

PAGE 9

’ I
. i
last Wednesday at a‘sliort, private press conference with represent-

atives from the :tSPand SUNYA'S Student Association New York
Mayor John V Lindsay spoke out on a number of national. state, and

Brazil Scene of
Political Oppre$$|On

b y Daniel luck

Despite reports that political arrests were subsiding in Brazil, the
llrazilian government continues arresting those whom they expect to
he engaged in anti-government activity. Usually there are no official
announcements, but news of arrests have spread in th-- administrative
capital of Brasilia. This city of 500,000 was built 11 years ago atop a
high plateau 800 miles northwest of Rio. in August of last year police
arrested ii prominant journalist, D'Alcmbcrt ilaccoud of ilornal Do
Brasil, He was led away by two sergeants to an unidentified army
installation and as in iill cases of this type, the gtivcrnmcnt refused to
mention how long Jaccoud would be held,

Piinto Final, a Chilean magamnc. published cvtdcncc last December
showing the Brazilian govr-rnmvnt's complicity in the iivcrthrow of
the pro-Left government of Jose ’l‘orres in last August of 1971. Bolivia
shares ii common border with Argentina and Brazil, twu of the biggest
countries in Latin America that are under military rule. The
Washington Post also reported shortly after the ovurthrow that a US.
military attache “lent” U.S. govt, Material, radios, planes and money
to the Fascist F'alange forces of (icncral Suarez. who overthrew Torres
and in the process massacred an estimated 100 students in the
University of San Andreas ii. La l’a'I., the capital of Bolivia. Purii Chile,
in Santiago-Chile daily paper, published excerpts of an intervww with a
student leader -if San Andreas. He said that after l.lll' government
troops had surrounded the llnivcmty they hcgaii lining students up
for execution. He himself was Scriously wounded and rcportc'i seeing
scores of his dead fellow studcntii lying on the floor in pools of blood.
llt' was later taken to a military prison in the middle of a hot steaming
jungle near the Chilean l)l"‘(lt'l‘. llc escaped by convincing the guards
to lflt‘t' to (.Iliile by hijacking ii cargo plane that lands once a month
delivering supplies to the prison.

Although Bolivian "revolutions" are not usually bloody an L'lill‘
mated 2,000 peasants, students and 'l‘in miners died in an attempt to
brcak thi- eiieirclcinent of La l’ii'i. which led to the final overthrow of
Torres and his prti~cht government. The Right apparently made its
move after the Torres govvrnmi-nt showed signs of givuig in to the
increasingly more inililiint demands of tli nuni'rs, students and
rainpiuiinos. “in

In December 1970, Swiss ambassador to Brazil, (iiovani linclicr, was
kidriiippcd as a protest against. government policici. iil' syslciniilic
torture anti imprisonment of civdiiins. He was set free after the
ilcinand for release and transportation of 70 political prisoners from
llrazil to Santiago, Chile was met by the Brazilian government. Haskell
chlcr (director of Mcrli'uin ('ool ) and Saul Landau. ,-ii/irci-iiiro/ l"“fl‘[l
mm to (‘hile to find out first hand from these exprisoncrs if reports
oi torture as ii routine means of interrogation wurc true. The results of
these interviews, together Willi demonstrations of llil'lllrt' used by the
Brazilian police force Were capiulizcd in the film, liriizil .‘l Ii'cpiirl on
Torture.

While in Chile Landau and Wexlcr interviewed the President of
Chile, Salvador Allende, the first Mnrxtst elected President in the
Western Hemisphere. Allende's Marxist reforms liiiVe caused important
changes to be made in Chile's domestic and foreign affairs. The film
by Landau and Wexler, Interview with President Allende presents a

Weightfurwnrd and revealing view of this important South American

'eader

 

  
      

   
   
 
    
  
  
    
  
 
   
  
      
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
     
 
     
   
     
 
  
    
 
   
 
  
  
   
       
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
     
      
   
      
   
    
   
  
   
    
  
     
  
 
    
   
   
 
    
  
   
   
      
  
  
 

 

i
5
‘,

   
    
    
       
       
       
   
      

  

