 

 

 

PAGE 6

 

Editorial

Student Workers:
Organize!

At Colonial Quad, student workers ltave recently alleged lltat
unitemized deductions of time ltave been made from tiieir punch
cards. As a rule of thunb, a trail ati hour of time is deducted for each
meal a student employee (without a meal plan) eats, whether he takes
a half an hour or not. But these deductions are never entered on the
paycheck (as they ought to be), and the student worker has ito way of
knowing if deductions have been made for meals he did not eat.

Lately some student workers decided to present this grievance to the
ofﬁce of Labor Standards for Wages and Hours. This offended the
Director of Food Service, Malcolm Corbiey, who verbally attacked the

student who personally presented the grievance.

Corbiey stormed into the Colonial Quad kitchen, and within the
hearing range of others, attacked the student who had only stood up
for his legal rights, calling him a “punk” and a “juvenile delinquent,"
among other epithets. This display of temper is typical of Food
Service’s cavalier attitude towards its employees. And it is not only
student workers who are taken advantage of, biit the professional
kitchen workers as well. Raises are few, raises promised frequently do
not come through. and employees are laid off despite long service.

in the suintner of lW/O. Food Servrce had protiiised ati across the
board pay hike to all part~time workers. l’art-tinier were only receiving
Slot) an hour and ('oi’hicy was oii record saying. “We always try to
gihe our students the iniiiiinuiii wage, or more. when possible." This
pay bike was short stopped by Robert ('oole). I‘SA l'xcctiiivc
Director-salary $35200 tpltis iisc oi a company car i. Not until
November dul the raise come through. only alter a iicat tarnptrs-widc
l-‘SA student worker strike

Another csaniplc oI tliis Inncaiicratn inditicrcntc arc the recent
events at Indian 'Otiail. llicic \\.i\ .i tli't'lsitill to tliangc the dinner
hour from ‘l'.lll llllll o it) to S (it) Illill X (it) lliis meant that sortie
student workers could not leayc until as late as H. it). and students
wishing lo cal earl) could run do so the workers decided to go on
strike tiiilcss the dinner hour was llli|\L‘tl llll\l\ liicstlai night .i
compromise was worked out \\ltit'll .rlloisetl \\ttll\t'is to lt'.l\i' at it it).
although they could Ulllllllllt' to \\tllk later it tlrci \\is|rcd.

'l'lre iacl lliat \\oikiiig_liotirs Ll‘lllll lrc .lllllll.llll\ s'l|.ll|_L'\'tl \\|ll|tllll
ciiiistilliii_LI the brokers ts iiiitlici tlt'lllt'llsllillltlll oi lootl Scincc‘s
disregard lot lls citrployuas the tart tliat \tlicn \llitlt‘lll \\tlil\t'l\
banded together. they were tiii;rll_\ licarrl is ltlllllt'l demonstration or
tlIL'et let i |\‘L't|cs.sill organi/cd .isllltll

in a llrlslll} \tlllL'll student uoikcr meeting at t'olorrial “trail with
(‘othitgi yesterday. ('oihim .ipologi/cd tor losing his temper. lnii said.
“I hope i am not lllltt'll to lllt' all high stlltttil \\t|ll\t‘l\. there is .i
campus priority to llllt' toiletri- \llttlL‘ills. .riid there Is litt'st‘llll's a
waiting list."

This stalciiicnl \sas interpreted as a tlricai to Inc all high school
slttdellls by st'vclal collt'gt' l'SA \tolkcls.

“ii a college stiidcrii raised the issnc or taking little oil out Iinic
cards, would you still have to inc all high stliool stiiileirts"" one girl
pointedl) asked. (the worker who originally submitted the coiirplanii
is a high school student)

Though ('othicy claims that he has no llllL'lllIUll oi ining hiin school
workers, employees see this s another attempt to divide l’SA
employees, lull tuners iioiii part timers. and part ttincis titto college
and hiin school workers, by reminding them they cart be replaced-
-one by the other. it is obvtotrs that the executive adtniiiisiration
of FSA has little respect for its employees. Apparently a few student
workers have pricked a sore nerve wrtlr their grievance ill order to
reduce Corbiey to such pettislily vnidictive sputterings. it is time for
FSA to realt/e they cannot operate Without proper respect for human
beings.

The rnnrierhate issue is blanket docking oi tritrc cards oi non-con-
tract employees for meals, though all the meals may not be eaten the
real issue is how it is done. latnployccs are given no choices. Iil/li' if
(my Iiolicc, atid are constantly suhicct to the whims oi the I'SA ltoatd
of Directors atrd their lackeys~l‘$A nianagetncni

 

Grievances With FSA?

lrnportiint met-ting for all FSA part time iiiitl sludcnl workers on
Wt-dncsday night at it .‘lti l).ill., iii the lt‘irt-sidt- Lounge
Your Strcngth Lies in ()rgunirang

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
 

 

 
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 

its

    
  
 

  

 

 

 

 

~A/VD WHEN 7745 WMPS WEE—ATE/VED 7O CONQUER CHINA

EMPEROR SHI— HWANE—T/ DEC/DED— OH, I ALMOST F0R60,f

CH/NA PROPER EX7ENDS FROM 20" T0 40" NORTH LATITUDE

AND THE LUKTCHl/N BAG/N /N s/NK/ANE /5 400 FT. BELOW

SEA LEVEL AND CHARLIE CHAN; LAST MOVIE WAS IN i944,
ANYW/l)’, THE EMPEROR DEC/OED ’

The Jew and Kashruth

Opinion
by Samuel C. Bogen

l aitt a Jew l cannot. forgot that
fact no matter how ctilit'ing may
he the morc .stmplc gcittilc t-xist
oncc. l‘lach iiigltt rrs i cut my
Kosht-r 'l‘V dittnt-r, | ri-affirm atitl
t'hcrrsli my rcligious hcrilagc it is
a difficult thing for a [)l'l'Mlll to
caiisc liittiscli' lo cal unpalatable
food in quantilics insufficicnt to
sustain normal lifc. l huntth .sirlt
mil tltat tltc i'i-w of it.s who liat'c
lil‘ltl lriic to thc biblical itllltlit‘
lions i'tttrcr-riiing dict havc ilonc so
not otil of aspiration to lit-conic
martyrs, hitl rallicr in a .siiicct't-
cl'l'ort to uphold otir rt-ltgious
tdcnliiii-s amid the raging ltll'l'l'lll
of assimilation.

ll glvr's mi- grcal Pll‘tlolti‘t' to
announce to the campus that it
Will no longcr hc ni-ccss'ary for its
to suffer thc hardships of burnt,
frozen or rnni'id 'l'V tlinnt-rsala
prcmium pricc. chi. Si-ptcniht-r,
there will be a Kos-hcr kilchcii on
Dutch Quad. 'l‘his kitclicri will be
operated cooperatively by partici
patittg studi-nts. Responsibility for
preparing cach cvcning's meals
and for maintaining the I'lllll‘l‘
operation will be in thc ltaiitls of a

srtiall body of students. The duty
of serving dinner will l)!‘ allocated

 

th'nly among the members of the
coop, so that cuch studt-nl may
be called upon to nerve, perhaps,
once a month. This program can
arid should work, as it has at
SUNY at Stonybrook and Ill)
othcr campuses. its most ullrnc
ttvc fcnturii, speaking realistically,
is that it will not cost any more
than the current rcgulrir mcnl op
trim. Kosher food is thus within
tht- witch of all students at this
llant‘l‘h‘lty

At this poittl, i think we should
llll cxaminc what it is that makes a
Jew n Jt'w. Is it that we hnppcii to
like lsracli music and dancing or
Knshn thl‘lllh‘llltl'h. o, it its iiol
that simple Aiiyotic can enjoy
these things for arty number of
reasons. (lould it hc supporting
the JDL or tht' mori-

 

puci fic

 

Soviet Jewry groups? (Bi-rtiiirily'

that is part of it, bill it is riot
i-iiough to favor otir national
causc. Many Jews havr- worki-(l
cqually as hard for Biafi'u. Vict-
train or (Tivil Rights 'l‘hat docs not
makc its Jews. li Inakt-s u.s incit.
What, thcii, links; us wiilr our
anccstors, [hos-c pi-iiplc who (lit-d
in NW namc of Judaism" ii is not
that our namt- is (‘oht-n ltathcr,
is that story rt‘ligioii for which
tht-y dictl. Kashrittli is only ont-
facct of that religion, htil ll is a
major tritl'. li cnalili-s .r .lcw lo iccl
.r part of all that has goiic lit-fort-
lly hcing Kosher, wc can truly foot
that \vc arc iliffcri-nt

from our

Christian ltl‘t'llll‘l’t] lf wr- lllr liii'
oliscrvc our tradition and tlr~\ do
not oliscrvc thi-ir's, as is lllllit'
itilt-n than not ll]t't'1t.\i‘,liti\\ . r
\vc claim to how a .st-paiatc ltl’ nir
ty'.‘ if that is ll) ltc our Intro:

“11'” lct us give tip thc [ll't'lt'll' in
being chs.

l foot that iht- fatt- of lllt' .lr-i-- it
pcriplc Will not lll‘ that lrlcai l
haw promist-d tlit- niliniirtstial on
that Wl‘ wtll .siippoi't tlic ls'o-aw
kiichi-ii iii .stii'ftt'ii-irt intmltr-i r
rnakr- it worlliwliilt- I hate \put
llll'l't' and a half yi-ars i\.rttitt;v ’
this momcnl [in not no“ ltl.t"
int- a liar and a l'otrl'

 

é‘i

Editor-ln-Chief
at senia

News Editor
mania or itititrot
Associate News Editor
tlltillll Vtill oouirt.’
Features Editors
|tlllll iriiilinlt
ilnliliri- litllilll‘stilill
Olt~Campus News Editor
lroii tnnyirt
Associated Pros: Editor
tiarrny toss.
Arts Editor
sinvr! aiiiriioli
Assistant Arts Editor
our hair: ltantor
Sports Editor
rilari .iirliity
Photography Editors
ptaii iiiiirris‘
slt'vi! potluck
Editorial Page Editor
tirriy tlrt until

the Editorial nlltce at "1!!
Campus Center J?6 at in
AlbaﬂY,
12222. the ASF ma

Associated Pun.
Price for a tubs
doll-n par “master.
Communication: Ir

duo-mm tho (Charm no.

 

were

ipitv 'rlr.‘.rllrni
Grafttti Editor
iroila tlt“.lllttlltl
Classrliud Advertising Manager
.iity litili-lliI-Ii]
Circulation Manager
tttit Wiitltl
Excltungu Editor
irrati hit trio ,

Albany Student "rest is located to
9 State University ot Now Vork at
1400 Washington Avenue. Albany,
y be reached by talnpitono at (bill)
457/2190. Ytt- Albany student
College Pruu Service, and Liberation New!
S'VV'". "10 l! Partially lundad by mandatory ttudnnt lint.

crtDllon It rowan dollars nor yur or tour

A printed as snlcu Dormill and at. subiocl
to editing. Editorial pollcy of in. Albany srumni Prut I:
rd.

i AM-
filldd’.‘
l'ltl‘.‘r

Production Manager
warren wishart

Advertising Manager
it'll r rrlip-r'.

Associate Advertising Monagur
iroita rturlo

Business Manager
[Illtl mart

Technical Editor
(ll‘llllll‘ i..iviiri-ir

Asststunt Technical Editors
taunt kqortroi
[illyli‘s [ltillti

Advertising Production
lttlil ilititii";

Now York

Press subscribes lo the

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 25, 1972

communications

 

Sexism in FSA

'l‘ti thc Editor:

'luch has been written lately
concerning the numbi-roiis faults
of FSA. One neglecti-(l issue is
that of sexism, particularly in the
Food Scrvicc branch. 1 am speci-
fieally referring to the tlrcss and
work codes in tlic cafctcrias and
tho campus center snack bar.

As a femalc t‘tlSB cmploycc, I
am rt-quirt-d to wear a rcd and
wltitc striped uniform‘skirt, which
i find extremely impractical for a
number of reasons:

i i Bare leg is exposed, leaving a
dangerous mark for burns from
lint grease and writer.

'3) It makes c'rtain jobs such as
mopping floors, emptying garbage
or anything requiring climbing,
reaching or bending, difficult arid
embarrassing.

Iii It requires frittpicnt laun-
(lcring, ri-sptrtisihiliiy for which is
lcl‘t to me, at my own cxpcnsc.

i) Time is wasted in putting oti
and taking off the skirt.

lo the Editor:

Your article, “Council Denies
UtX' Backing" concerning the do
feat of support for thc ifcl). 12th
('onfcrcticc ltt Savc (lUNY, SUNY
antl ilic Public Schools, was ati
l‘Xll‘t'lHt'ly irrcsponsiblc nrtit'lc.
'l‘lic cntirc report is a repetition of
lltl' argiimcnis pri-scntcd hy
Michacl laimpcri against support,
and inclutlcs nont- of thc rt-l'itta
trons which wcrc gin-n at ilic
iitccttng lltrw cart a r't‘spiiitsiblc
papcr print rillcgntitnis against a
group \yiiliotti Milt-tripling ltl
chi-ck llii-in out wrili tlic orgamta
Your
\|)llltt' to anyoric itr ihc
limit-d ('ominiiiiiiy t‘ctticrs, lilll
itu-r't-Iy prcsciitcd tlit- chargcs as
statciiicnts of fact l"tir'llti-rtnorc,
llll‘ ctliiortal hlillt'lllt'lil, "'l‘lic ll(‘('
hail clcarly acti-tl tr't't-spoirsilily

litiii Iiivtili't-tl“ rt-pirrici'

llt‘Vl'l‘

State Shoui

Opinion
by Mitchell Frost

Sitiilcnis tutti-titlingI HliNY and
t‘llNY fititl thc i-tliicatioiial ipial
[I y m a .statc of pi-rpi-tiial ilctcrior
.itiini [class .si/c oii lllt' iiit'i'casc,
|ilii'.ii'_\ fiiitils ciit tloiiii l'iirtils t‘ltl.
cotrstrttt'itoii liiritls t‘ltl, t'it'i as
tho statc's financial assistanct- fails
to lti-t-p itp \s‘itlt thr- c\'ci' iii
crcasing Ilt't'tls of oirr growing
itirri‘ct'sity sysicm Hindi-tits sitfft-r',
complain, rally, atitl occasionally
oigntnm- to pt'tiicct llll'll' schools
from l'tti'ilit'i ili-i‘ny Hitch .iir or
gaitt/atron mct Saturday. |"i-|)
riiary t'J. wlrcri a confiti'citcc oir
ttiitiori was llt‘ltl iir rhc (':riiipti.s
t‘t-irtt-i' .\s.scinli|\ llnll .iltciitlcil try
from as far .i\\'.i_\ as

Stony llroolt 'l'lic
rttcnthcr's misscrl thc

sititlciits
Ilnlfalo .ititl
crrirft-r'r-ncc

point t'illllIilt'lt'l\‘, howcrcr, \\'l|t'll

        
   
 

    
 
  

'l‘raditionally, the jobs listed in
item no.2 are restricted to male
workers. l‘lchver, as i am willing
it) do them and have the ability to
do so, i see no rcason why i
should l)t‘ restricted to “female”
jobs and “female” dress.

As the uniforms contributi-
nothing to the Clt‘tltlliticss and
efficiency of tin-snack bar, and arc
intlccd riot “uniform” in that they
ttl'l' not worn by all cmployccs, l
fci-l that l have the right to wcar
the sonic “uniform” of white shirt
arid long whitc apron which is
worit by the male workers.

I ask for equal rights for male
and female employees of FSA,
equal consideration for equal jobs
tlone,and, most of all,common
sense and fairness in determining
these rules

Sincerely,
Randyc Kaye

Lust surnrricr, the Labor l)cpl.
.s'pccificrl that fr'rrttrlc workcrs tit
('trrroll's Huriiburgcr stands rucrc
riot liulilc for the cost of [(ttlll'
during uniforms. Rather, the
rriuriugcmcrit was rt'sponsihlc for
Hiccost. It'd.

Are We in Error?

Council...was compelled to vote
down the support bill..." is totally
out of place in a supposedly fac-
tual article.

Spcci really:

1. As was t'xpluincd at the
meeting, the rcgis atiori‘fcc for
thc conft-rr-ncc was insiiluit-(l
wittioiii any knowli-dgc that i
was editor illcgal or would caiisc'
prohlt-m. It had riot lil‘l'll planncd
ni llit‘ bcgtniting, but was .rdtlcd
hccausc of the costs of organizing
a siatcwrtlc
lliiitt-d l'onimiinity (li'iitcr's had
no tlcsirt- to put Hindi-til NYH'I‘A
iii the cmhai'ra 'ng position tit
which ll fonnil iiscll, and had no
(lcsn't- to tlo anything illegal. \thn
it was foitiid oitl tliai ihi- fi-t- was
Illl‘thIl, it was inimctliati-ly
tlt'tippcd.

Ll. tin no

 

t'oiil'cri-ncc. 'l‘hc

 

flycrs was Student
NYS'l'A i-Vci' hillctl as a stipportcr
of tlic conl‘crcncc lilo not holich

thcy dccidi-tl that thc quality oi
liighci' ctlttciilioii iit Ncw York
Hintc coiiltl lic improvcil if thi-
Siatc llirivi-i'sity Sysictti Wt-rc rtin
tuition i‘r-cc

'l'lit- ltltlle' rt'ristrli for tho slow
ilt-tcriot'altrrn iii tpiality Iii-trig .suf-
i'i-t'ctl at SUNY has lit‘t'lt it.s ilcp
ciitlt'nci- ltptiii llll' .statc fin' ttpcra
l'tiiitls :\.s llll' sirili- talti's
tiyci' .i lai‘gi-I’ airtl largi-i' sliarr- tri’
lhc financial liitl'tll'll of running
l'itiycrsititis, liti-
lici'iiilii-
llllll'l' at'fcclctl taliil hurt] by tltc
state's .iitcinpts to soli'c its own
lturlgi-tai'y prohlt-iris .‘\3 [ho stati-
is l'oi'ct-il to I'I‘tilitilltl/A' taiiil wlicn

llttlltll

lltlt\'t'l‘.\llli'.s

tlicrnst-lvr-s mort- aritl

I“ ll iioi"i it cuts litii'lt \t'l'\'ll‘t‘\ liiitl
fintls lcss ii-sirtii‘ccs for t-tlitt‘tilioii
than the lhiiyt-rsitii-s li‘l'l lllt'\'
lll'l'il 'I'Itc lliiivt-rsitics tlttis lit'
conti- incri-asingly stilisci'yit-nt to
state hudgt-tary pi‘cssurcs and iii


/.v /

 
  
  
    

/ //
A7
' y?

l

 

   

’3 A
0 ‘ I V ‘erv
gﬂ‘i’t

//

4

 

 

  
  

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Have

To the Editor:

Have you been to the Reins--
trar's Office lately?

and

Have you waited the usual 5‘10
minutes before someonc realizes
that ynii didn't just happen to
wander in to have a look at tlii-
room? Afit-r all, it must bc iittpoi'«
tatti if you'vr' had the audacity tti
iiitcrrupt a coffcc lircak.

Have you thcn snhmilicd your
transcript rctiucsts and asked how
long it would takt"?

and

Have you been told that the
backlog is anywhere from 2-7
weeks, depending upon thc pcrson
you ask?

Have you then attempted to sec
someone about it and been pre-
sented each timtl with a different
complaint form'.’

Have you decided it‘s about
time something was done about
the situation, and then tried to
make an appointment to sec llic
President of the University?

Have you been politcly rcfcrrt'd
to numerous othi-r peopli- anti not
been grantcd the appointment
with the l’rcsitlcnt‘?

this was cvcii stated at tho
meeting, but is a figment, of your
reporter's imagination.

.‘l. The corporate chartcr of tho
United Community Centers rlocs
not prohibit ()I’ﬂtllllllllﬂ coit-
fcri-iiccs of this sort. 'l‘hc llt‘t' has
hci-n operating for lti yours, and
during that limc has liccn involved
in many ctlucational issucs built in
thc city arid Stalc .-\.s a tax
t-xi-mpt organization it is nowlicri-
lcgally prolnliiti-il front orgaitizrng
such a confcri-nt'c. In vn-w of llll'
fact that thc llt't' has ni-vcr had
its taxr-xcinpt status cliaIIi-ngcil,
your t'cporlcr' aiiil Micliacl Inim-
pt-ri nirght want to iaki- this issui-
to NW Burt-an of Tax and Finance.
lint tiiittl lhcy do, I think you
Iiavt- no linsmcss printing this shirt
tlcrtnis r'cmat'k as a .sfalcmcnt of
truth

.‘s'itrcorcly yours,
Husii- lloffman

d Subddi

cviiably .siiffcr .st'\’t'l‘t‘,
financial ciiis.

Sit lhc cliici'conct-rn oi'stiitli-iits
shoulil lic to frcc thi- Stalc llm
iii-rsilit-s frorti lllt'll' ilt-pcriilcncc
upon llll' statt- lcgislatitrc for ihcir
iioi‘t'ssai'y fiiirtls. 'l'liis can lit' iltriit',
but not by i‘lllllllltillllL' tuition.
'l'lrat would only aggravatc llll‘
prolilcm and hollow cmlii'oil lllt'
llnivcrtstti-s iir thc statc's financial
troiilrlcs 'l'ltc Statc llirit'i-t'silii-s
must llt'l'Ulllt' llltiit' financially in
ilcpcntlcnt if thc_\ arc to maintain
high ctlticatitnial standards 'l'hcy
nitist rcccivc loss, not ntorc, fiiian
crtil assistant-c frotn tht- strilc, aiitl
they must find lilllt'l' sottrct-s of
llll'titlll' than tht- [as rolls 'l‘his, -tf
cotir'sc. must not In- iloric at llll'
cypcirst- of llrc porircr sttitlciils
who .il‘t' itnalilc to pay tltc high
costs of .i priytitt- t‘itllcgi- t'tlut'a
tiort So tlrt- soiiitioii ttrtist lit'

pcrtodic,

Ant! NOW, t‘tiR (3WN
MoMEM'i (e buttock

PAGE 7

You Been Told?

Have you ‘reluctuntly accepted
to speak with someone else and
wound up even more disgusted?

and then in the same breath,

Have you been asked if you've
been accepted anywhere yet‘?’.’
Have you asked why your Well, I have t!!!
double major hasn't been put on
your transcript, and been told Bl"- . H
that the special forms were on “th YOU "Dtlced the CfflClt-‘thy
(lcrcd last semester but the order Wlloh Wthh ll"? Bursar?“ 0m“
wasjnsiscntout last Week? SWd-‘i Your bl“ 0m With BﬂCh
semester? No one forgets to send
them out, and there is no backlog.

I wonder what the backlog will
be for our diplomas?!

Linda L. DelVecchio

llavo you then asked why it
takes so long for transcripts to be
sent out, and bot-n told that there

  

   

tlltljirr hcnc

arc only turn girls to do the job
and that typing up thcaddrtsscs
and pittiing the labels on the
t-ithtopos is the causc of the
holdup’.’

I “Min—5D FOie
sEr/EN WEE/(S AND
7H5Y$EIVT mg THE

Have you suggested that th: WRON6_ 

Registrar supply the students wit

blank envelopes and let them type

their own addresses and then turn
them in with their transcript re-
quest forms?

Have you been told the sugges-
tion is a good onc, but that the
llcgislriir's Officc does not have
cnough typewriters to have the
students come in and type them
up'.‘

How you then decided that that. was
not worth pursuing any further and
thou tricdto explain thcimpurtunce
of having your transcript sent out
immediately?

 
    

i gilt; -

  

>rf/larlm

ASP Should Pursue

’l'o thc l'Itlitor:

'l'liis lctti-r is in t't-spoiisc to your
uriiclc "l’r'of. ('litirgi-tl wrtli (‘Ull‘
flict of hilt-rust" pithlishi-d on
January ‘Jh,l‘.l7‘l.

Although your articlc tiiicstions
tlic political iiitcgrily of this trial
lt'l', | i‘clt thc ciliical attil sound
financial pracltct-s of this statc
should hc thi- c.s.sciittal tiucsi ion in
this niatit-r'.

|)o largo or small cornmcrcial
criti-rprisi-s piirsiit- it policy which
allows oni- of its citiployci-s to
rciirt- aiitl lhcn hc rchirctl by the

same employer based upon his
cxpt-ricnce iii a past iob‘.’ llow
lottg has it. bccn the practice of art
citiploycr (Ncw York State) to
rclli'c onc of its cmplityct-s and
iht-n rchirt' him in a new position‘.’
is this common practicc for sound
financial planning?

t fcll that the :tb’l’should pursuc
this .subjcc lililc further iii an
attt-mpt to insiigalc legislation to
reinstati- a law which prevents a
rt-tircd state employee front rc-
ci-iving rctiremcnt pay whcrt he
has been rchircd by tho Sititc.

Yours truly,
Richard J. Jones

 

ze Students

twofold: llnivcrsitics must l'rcc
thcmsi-lvcs frotti ilit- shackles of
.stalc funding, whilt- chi-tip educa-
tion of high titialily must bc lIVlIll'
alili- o lhosc studcnls‘ unable to
pay four or I'm- thousand dollars a

Vl'ill'.

l havc a modcsi .s'uggt-slioil.
llatsc lltIlIiin. ch, RAISE 'l‘Ul-
'l'l()N and allow tlic Stali- llniVi-r-
silii-s iii clinl‘gi- critrugli l0 ('trvcr
thctr costs. 'l'his, In turn, would
saVi- thi- sliitc a siLahIc amount of
nioncy which it could llicit usc for
scholarships. 'l‘hus lhc statc,
ralhcr than subsidizing thc
schools, wmild subsidize the stu-
tlcnts. 'l'hi- amount of moncy
saVctl through higher tuition
shoiild ctiiitil thi- amount awarrlcil
iIt .st‘lltllttl‘h'llllh . thus, lhi- cost tifn
collt-gi- cilucation for you and me
would bc about tlicsamc. llut thi-

  
 
   

    
    
     
  
   
  

 



4‘ . "g “I,
“mg

THOSE
BUT I THINK WE'VE.

lI it
it

   

this proposal is that We would not
bc limitcd to only state schools
for art iricxpcttsivcctlucution. A
studcnt could iakc his scholarship
award to any college or university
in the 'Iatc and pay about as
much as tic does now. And since
thc Statc Universities would he
charging about thc same as any
privritc school of comparable
merit, thc state schools would be
forced to compete lll quality with
the private schools, antl offer stu-
dents as many benefits as are
offered else-whore in order to cn~
lice students to enroll.

lf tllc students arc scriously iiitcr-
cstcd iii raising thi- quality of
cducation offcrctl at SUNY and
thNY, thcy must I‘t'tIlI/J' that
furlhcr statc support is not the
itrichr -sttitc support is the pro»
blcni. Let's frcc SUNY. ln-I's free
the studcnt.

 

I Don‘t Know WHAT
Lien—us WERE,

  

 

 

  
 

F7 ‘

W." till
“Ll-1'"

tr' ' '

till.

   
   
   
   
 

      
   
 

    
  
 
 

