3"
g,
7%
E.
g
r”.
:3,
i’

 

   
    

   
  
    
   
     
     
       
     
   
   

 
 
 

 

 

 

   

 

by Bill Brine

On-Campus: the Jullr’ard
Theater Performances are sup-
posed to be sold out but you
might still be able to get tickets
(returns) if you trv “"'.‘ to
Soul. the excellent black music
ﬂick, is playing at Tower East
(check out K. Daniel‘s review in
this issue). and UCB will present
Jim Dawson and Mary Towers in
the Gym Sunday at 9 PM --
tickets are $2.50 with tax and
$5.00 without. Mary Travers is,
of course. the ex- of Peter. Paul.
and Mary. Jim Dawson might
not he as well known but he

This )Weeklnd-J

._6

low. engaging performer who
was extremely well received in
his last area appearance (at
Union last month).

Downtown: Uncle Ray’s will
resound the sounds of Coalition
this weekend. If you weren’t
around the last time they were
in this neck of the woods you
really missed something. A little
more exposure and some better
original material and this band
could easily break through into
the big time —- two lead guitar-
ists. two drummers. a bassist and
an organist supply a full. churn-
ing sound more than a hit rem-
iniscent of the Allmans. Catch

ulliard theater

should be; he's a pleasant. mel- Lhem before they become

"Soul—to—Soul”

by Kevin Daniels

When viewing a movie of a concert. most often tiic iwcriiy dollar
cameras fail to capture the excitement of the audience and at the
same time rnostuf the artist’s performance. A classic example of this
failure (and the biggest celluloid hornb l have ever seen) was the
“concert for Bangladesh." which isn‘t surprising for tire coriccri
itself was extremely boring. But now we have a film to stand side by
side in quality to the classic “Montcrcy I’op." ch. now we have
“Soul to Soul.” ti lilrn made of several American recording while
performing on tour in Ghana.

“Soul to Soul" is an exquisite exhibition that fcaturcs Ike and
Tina Turner. Wilson Pickett. Santana (with Willic Bobo on
tymbaics). Roberta Flack. Iiddic Ilarris & Lcs McCann. thc Staplc
Singers, the Voices of liast Harlem and many native dancers and
drummers. all in excellent form.

The interminglng of thc cultural aspects of (ihana with Aincrican
performers on stage and off was extremely well done. Segments of
tire film fcaturc shots of thc natch (iharnans m the marketplaces. on
the ocean shore and even in old slavc castles as Rohcrta Hack sings
in the background. It's extremely effective.

Ike & Tina & the Ikcttcs alone are well worth the price of
admission as tiicy sing the title song as the film opctis and at the
close. ’i'licir set within the movie was an cxccllcrit showcasing ol lkc
dc Tina's hltics roots. I’ickctt is powcifui. driving cvcryonc in art
audience of thousands to tlicir fch dancing. and Santana's sci
hlcndcd the lcvcrishiy staccato drumming of the band llhcll Wlllt the
drumming of many members of the audience.

The beauty ov the Plains, the cities. llic bush and the ocean hlcnri
With the music. The contrasts of nature in (ihana form a pcth
backdrop for some brilliant performances. which will hc enhanced in
thc sliowmgs by a 500 watt sound system.

“Soul to Soul" will be featured by lower hast (Tincrnti tonitc
(Friday) and tomorrow night. It's. a fine alternatch to another
weekend of thi: blahs.

 

 

 

No ASP Tuesday

There will be no edition of the Albany Student
Press this coming Tuesday. Instead the ASP will
include complete election returns.

 

 

 

famous.

The Bib-SIEp will present Jay
and Lyn Ungar in a program of
footstompin‘ hand-clappin’ mus-
ic that varies from country to
folk and includes some of their
own original compositions. They
share vocals and perform quite
well on fiddle. mandolin. guitar.
harmonic. jew’s harp and assort-
ed oddities. Once with “cat
Mother" and now with the “Put-
nam County String Band."
they've performed at many folk
festivals and coffee houses
throughout the country.

A! Siena: “The Cage." a play
written. directed. and performed
by former inmates about in-
mates, will be presented by ex
Beau Brummel (remember
them?) Sal Valentino & featur-
ing four Winsome female singers,
will open the show Saturday nite
for It's A Beautiful Day. IABD
features David LuFlammc on
vocals anti electric violin. backed
by guitar. bass. keyboards. and
multiple percussion to create an
effect that one critic (not this
one) compared to “pressed roses
in a hook of Tennyson poems."
Not exactly your average rock
and roll hand. anyway. The
show's in (iihiions at 8:00 on
Saturday; tickets at the door and
the price is $3.50 for outsiders.

Duduists

I/t‘tll Ray, the Dadistic prescri-

tation of tlic Iiclistorin hxpcri-
incrital Arts 'Iroupc. will be at
liaxtcr's (‘afc. lili) Madison
Avcituc (hctwccn Ontario and
()tiail) Sunday night. November
S, at ‘l |"M'. The Troupe. coilv
sisting of 7 pcoplc. employs
pricliy. tilllslt‘. dance. drama.
cincrna. etc. in llicir own words.
“wliritcvcr it takes to gel the
poiiii across." The point is
Dada: insanity in response to the
sanity which accepts the every-
day dcvcstatiori of human lives
and pSychcs; anti-Art in attack
on the techniques and prac-
tioners of the traditional Art
which hides behind idyllic
visions of reality. Dada was born

view/art's/preTﬁew/arts/pre view/arts

Speculum Musicae

“Speculum Musicae." a new
group of artists whose repertoire
ranges from the great "classic"
works of the early 1900's -— such
as Stravinsky’s “L’Histoire du
Soldat" and “Pierrot Lunaire"
of Schoenberg -- to newly com-
missioned works. are performing
Thursday. November 9, 8:30
P.M. in the Main Theatre, Per-
forming Arts Center. State Uni-
versity of New York at Albany.
Admission is $3. Box office is
open Monday through Friday,
11 A.M. until 4 P.M.; telephone
reservations accepted. (518)
457-8606.

To Speculum Musicae (a musi-
cal mirror). the new works they

perform are a natural evolution
from the earlier works of the
century and before. and they
believe that throught increased
"hearings, this music will come to
be as meaningful to audiences as
the well-known 18th and 19th
century repertoire. The group
was founded in 1971 and has
performed at the Public Theatre
in New York. the Dartmouth
Festival of the Arts, the Berk-
shire Festival, Tanglewood,
Massachusetts, and at Lincoln
Center for the Performing Arts.

The concert is sponsored by
Music Council. the SUNYA stu-
dent organization.

Dance to Atom Heart Mother

In a rare fusion of movement
and music. SUNY/ALBANY’s
Dance Council will present a
piece entitled “Dance to the
Atom Heart Mother" on Nov.
ember IOand 11 in the laboratory
Theatre. Performing Arts Center.
Admission to any of the two
shows each night at 7:30 pm.
and 9 pm. is free.

Based on the beautiful suite by

Pink Floyd. “Dance to the Atom
Heart Mother" is an exercise in
experimental story-telling
methods. Dancers join musicians
in an effort to express waht
might be the consequences of
people not understanding one
another.

The piece is choreographed by
Maude Baum and directed by
Stephen Aminoff.

Poet Gary Snyder to Speak Here

Gary Snyder. author of four volumes of poetry and a major force
in the creation of the New American Poetry. will be at SUNYA. to
read from his works. The event. sponsored by the English depart-
ment faculty-student Events Committee. is scheduled for this
Tuesday, November 7 (Election Night). at 8:00 pm. in LC 1.

 

Snyder is one of the original members of the Beat Generation,
that group of iconoclastic American writers including Alan Ginsberg.
Jack Kerouac. Gregory Corso at al. who shook up the stuffy literary
scene of the 1950's; coming on strong with a spontanuous life style
and an insistent apocalyptic rhetoric. Snyder appears. under the
name of Japhy Ryder. as a Bodhisattva and wilderness saint in
Kerouac's novel The Dharmu Bums.

In recent years. he has emerged as one of the important talents
generated in the Beat mUVemcnt. His volumes of poetry include
Rlprup. Myths and Texts. The Back Country. and Regarding Wave.
He has also published a volume of essays. Earth Ilousr- Ilold.

A graduate of Reed College. Snyder now lives and writes in a
commune in Nevada City. California. He has spent some time in a
Zen monastary; is deeply versed in American Indian mythology.

Of his work he says: “As a poet. l hold the most archaic values on
earth. They go back to the late Paleolithic; the fertility of the soil.
the magic of animals. the power-vision in solitude, the terrifying
initiation and rebirth. the lovu and ecstasy 0f the dﬂnﬂc. “10
common work of the tribe.

to Play at Baxter’s

 

photograph by phll cantor

from the conditions in Europe of wars and armed conﬂicts as
during World War I. a self-pro- its legitimate children.

claimed illegitimate offspring of Dada is Ilsa! Ray at Baxter's
a civilization which only it series Cafe. I‘rce.

 

  
 

 

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1972

 

 

 

A Tribute to the Ballet Maya

by Elizabeth Jones

An offering was made to the
sun god Sunday afternoon in the
Arena Theater of the PAC. Per-
forming dances of the Yucatan
both Pre—Columbian and mo-
dern, the Ballet Mayan of Ruben
Duarte presented an interesting
and entertaining program.

The ﬁrst half of the perfor-
mance was a complete Mayan
sacriﬁcial ritual including bril-
liantly bedccked priests. pries-
tesses, a slave. and a sacrifice.
The dancers performed the ritual
in red-tinted darkness. stepping
rhythmically to drums and ankle

EBBIE TifE EEP )
l wiiittt t
L MP".
rrﬁtﬁr’lllrn! KﬂdwfolgT
NH or rut mail
F \im AT arm“ NW
watt? ,———

  

 

‘- a‘
r a: St. Tit! .
rligggllgﬂ' ‘
CAT”) 
l-K’wai f

I.

fitiitlctl liy ‘rllttlt‘lll t.i\

 

J3. 5mm or our

Iltt‘ IIIIt'I |t.|l iiillrll

lllllt group

till filiiis $.15 w/tiix
ii: 75 w/oiil

    
    
 

 

bells. The costumes were quite
spectacular; a colorful contrast
to the dark theater-in-the-round.
Suspense held the air as the
dancers performed the rites with
tight control and much dramatic
concentration. (ircatly affective
was the Fire Dance. an offering
to the "sacrificial altcr" by a
soloist of the company hearing a
Hunting vessel. donning a fiery
crown. Placing the vessel on the
floor to thc inesmeric beat of
drums. thc danccr proceeded to
dip his feet and hands into the
ﬂames to the fascination of the
audience. 'l‘hc company derived

     
   

  

'. r {I-
. ,l v u'
" “MMMMM...
A TIIFLE
REMEMBER—0N5 BUMP"

AND SAWIR lT

arm ALL
— we r
commons.

 

these ritual dances from thor-
ough research of Mayan civiliza-
tion. The choreography was con-
ceived primarily from the study
of modern Yucatan Indians who
have retained much of the Pre-
Columbian Mayan culture.

There were a few ﬂaws in this
otherwise excellent example of
anthropological entertainment:
the use of a piano in the “cere-
moniai entrance to the temple"
was distressing. though under-
standable as a cultural smoother
for the audience. Also. certain
theatrical effects such as tiic
introduction of a romantic story
line to the ritual was unneces-
sary. though again. obviously
contrived for wider audience
appeal.

The second Iialf of the pro-
gram devoted to the dances and
songs of the Yucatan Region was
very diffcrcnl and equally enter-
lttllllllg. It was interesting to
notc that tlic rirt ofdancc undcr-
wcnt thc csscritial change from
opprcssrvcly religions form to an
cxpicssmn of toy. A wariri cafc
atmosphere was imnicdiatcly csv
tahitshcd in this part as l’astoi
('cri'cra \L'It‘llutlctl tlic .indicncc
Willi some plcaxing Mcxictm
halizirlcs. 'l‘lic hnnioronx .tllllu.‘ of
lllt‘ tollowtng [WU xirigcis ticatcd
.i iclaxcd air in tlic Arena
Iliczitcr. I'Iic inkcs told III Span
l\ll \vcic wincliow tindcixloorl
ittlrl .rpprnmtr-ri |i_\ .iIl .-\|lr'r
urn amid-natured rnnxir llii'
il.||itt'l‘ rctiiincrl ‘v\l|lt \r.lll.iliitll\
ill llli'./rll:1/Itl l.ir' lolk il.|lttt‘ til
iticatan. l)it‘\\cil ltl IlllIlltrll
\viiitc and cinhioidcicd Ilowcis.
llii‘ danccrs tlltl\ll.tlt‘tl tln- Span-
|\ll tiamcnco inﬂuence of llllx
local drincc Willi energy and co-
lllll\ltt.\lil.

(in llic wliolc. lllt' ilrrllcl
\l.i\'.rn (ll |\'iil)cir Ihirnlc pic-
wiitr'd llll unusual and citioyahlc
I‘t'tilldlll. 'I‘hc \tlll god w.r\

lilt‘.i\t'il.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UUUUUU JU¥U%U

 

 

 

.It

 

L1 UUUUMUHJ Ll,

 

 

 

  
   

MODERN
MR. HULOT’S HOLIDAY mus: Laurel & Hardy m BUSY BODIES

 

cMDv

Nuv.3 LC 18- 7:15 & 9:45

THE LOVE GAME plUSI Laurel & Hardy in TOWED lN A HOLE

Nov. IU-LC 25-7115 & 9:45

THE MAN IN THE WHITE SUIT plus: Laurel & Hardy in THE MUSIC BOX

N0v.i7rLC 18‘7t15&9245

clip and save

(mining in I)L‘\.L'llll|i'l lltlttl|tlr|t'\ Hopi-rt it.
THE ill(i SLIilil’ld’i lili‘ Al RII. AN ()UI‘I’N

u.au-—-u_--m——_- t

 

Capitol Hill CLoncert

An evening of choral works by Ralph Vaughan Williams will open
the twentieth season of the Capitol Hill Choral Society. The concert
will be held at Chancellors Hall on Friday night, November 3. at 8
p.m.

Judson Rand, founder and director. announced that the following
works would be performed by the'chorue and guest soloists:

The “Mass in G Minor"—an A Cappella work with four soloists;

“Five Mystical Songs"—with chorus and baritone soloist;

"A Song of Thanksgiving"-with chorus. guest children’s chorus.
soprano soloist. and narrator;

“The Lark Ascending"—with guest violinist and piano.

Guest soloists for the concert are:

Anne-Margaret Turner. soprano. who is appearing for the first time
with the Choral Society. She is affiliated with the Capital Artists
Resident Opera Company and is soloist at the First Church of Christ
Scientist at Delmar. < ‘1

Marjory Thomas Fuller, alto. who last appeared with the Choral
Society in a 1969 performance of the Mozart “Manzoni Requiem."
She is a vocal professor at SUNYA.

Myron Taylor. tenor. is an active member of the Choral Society
and was tenor soloist at the 1969 Mozart concert. He is an associate
professor of English at SUNYA.

Gary Aldrich. baritone. is a former member of the Choral Society
and has been guest soloist in several concerts.

Leo Mahigian. violin. is concertmaster of the Albany Symphony
Orchestra and the Oratorio Orchestra that performs with the Choral
Society at some of its concerts. He is string teacher in the
Guildcrland School District.

Jane Hallcnbcck. piano. is accompanist for the Choral Society.

Harlan Wilbert, narrator. is an active member of the Choral Society
and has been active as an actor and director with various area theater
groups including the Albany Civic Theater. the Slingeriands Players.
the Latham Players. and the Episcopal Actors Guild.

The children‘s chorus was prepared by Patricia Randall. ti member
of the Choral Society.

Tickets for the concert will be available at the door the night of
the concert adults $3.00. students $1.50. The concert will be
followed by a Dutch treat. party at the Ambassador for the chorus

 

and all members of the audience that wish to Hill] them.

 

 

"The Jazz Set"

In '\rlt’lII' St'licnicr

law-n .I.\ i:r/./.. IilIIi‘h. :illll rock
.rrr- r-oiiiriig trigotlir-r r-acli has
llt'l‘lt rrirlv to irirrintain its own IIriIIins vein.
irlt'iilily Wlilll‘ I)t‘lh|!. |liilUt‘lI(‘C(l 0n the nearly nuimsite end of
l)V UllH‘l irrrrns llavo llniihard's the pole is Ilil’ Modern Jar/:1.

capable of doing some pretty
interesting things ill at Sonny

 stair tllll\‘t't\lly oi lit w

toil. .rt .rllmriy

new album called simply Utll'ld
Iliililnir‘rl thrinstrt-zim 3ii7l is a
good I‘Xiilllllll‘ of this. The
rhythm M't'lllill sticks It) a pretty
t‘l‘IM‘lllIVl‘ l'ltt‘k and soul rhythms
\‘I’lllll' llavr- lluliliard plays some
vr-ry hot Ir-rrrrr airovr- it. III‘ is a
young rat. and has a lot of
learning to do. I)LII once l‘iL‘
Iii-gins to fer-l more secure with
his iristriiiiir-nt he could be

  

 

 

 

 

__'____.>v____,____._.—

FRIDAY, N‘OVi-IMBISR L6, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Quartets 'l'lir' l.r'grnrlury I‘i'o/rlr'
tAtlriiitir- HI) ilifi‘l). This group
has reached a peak in terms of
quiet r'hamlwr Jazz. Most of the
(fXL'IIt‘lnt‘nl is (‘I'rt‘lil‘itl rather
than emotional. although John
Lewis's feigned funk is mildly
attractive Mill Jackson is the
real hi-ro li1'rt‘. WIII‘I’I’ he is more
II’IV(‘!IIIV(‘ than he has been in
many years With the MJQ. Ilrs
soft. hluusy Vll)l‘:ipliUli(’ iitls in
and around Lewis’s piano lines
in n llitlhi Imp-i. illit' '.islii<iri.
Bassist l'i-i'ry llr it}. and pr-rr'iis
siriiiisl t'oimn- l n r" .n ill
ways. \‘t'l\ .tlr ti!‘

.llllltii\ il- 1 A lid/I
.S‘rvrrlw- 1| tiltli .- i r -vt.Ii I3.
\HI'I til .r litti rr- iiirltttllh.
wrtli Millii' \4'. . . twill”: r'v
stills at tint-w lllrlll rrriiics out
of tlii- l‘l.~il\ pr.-i in,“ Ypum‘
s ilirrrongiih r-rinrtitr-tl in
Ilit‘ vocabulary rri l‘li.ii|ir Parker.

and

Much the sonic ran Irv srnri of
ex (lillr-spirwtv Kenny
liairrt'ii. haser iirrli t'raiisiiaw,
anti Jimmy's hrotiir-i 'i'r-otie on
drums. Mtuinr', Jimmy's son. is
the conga drummer. and prob-
alily the mom nriUit‘I‘ of inspira-
tioii on the album since it is an
rllll‘lillll in work in tho rock
r-lr-rrir-nt Jimmy limitlis tunrrr
])l;i)lllt[ is as guru-mini as over.

pianist

liiit lii illllflillti.1iilll l‘luli- sirfii-i’s
from .i \t‘ill'l'llV nt Micro and ti
l-it‘l‘. oi r'ritiitilrli I'rriitr'i-l ovr-i'
ili|' Ii iririrn-iii Hrr llll' whole
to. .r r. t\ lllI‘I‘ .rltriiiii.

: taunt: NATIONAL
EHiMl‘v‘r‘m \‘izliks ()NE
: \H l .\ Kill’RliSIiNiIUA-
: i'in-L. SA] ARY OPEN.
0

: SENIOR UR POST-
: GRADUATE STUDENT
: I’RI'II‘IIRRISIL
CUN'I‘ACI' ROBERT

PAGE 7A

 
  
   

 

     

