 

 

 

 

I Two Students Die At louiSionu Campus

- <r~az ,...,.ﬂ

continued from page one

In an interview after the area around the administration
building had been cleared, Amiss told reporters: “We heard
two pistol shots, shots from a pistol that came from the
crowd."

While Governor Edwards rushed to the campus to confer
with Amiss, a crowd estimated by police at 3,000 to 4,000
rushed officers and had to be repelled with tear gas.

Trouble continued into the afternoon as crowds of
students threw misslcs at police and newsmen. Fires
damaged two structures. one of which was the registrar's
office housed on the first floor of a university building.

A bomb exploded in another building.

Firemen fought the blazes under the protection of sheriff
deputies. Crowds of students gathered to watch. ()nc
fireman described the fires as "healthy." Damage was
extensive.

The campus was blocked by state police and sheriff's
deputies. One hundred National Guardsmen were on
university grounds. Four hundred more were ordered out
as a bolster force.

In sending the guard onto the campus. (lovurnor
Edwards instructed the officers to “do everything yo can
to prevent violence. Wc've got to maintain control!"

Al i1 llCWS C(llll‘L'l‘k'llL'k' llL‘ld liltL'r‘ EdW/ill'dl‘i I’lillllcltl lllC
shootings on the students. “There would have been no
violence had not students fired or thrown the first tear

gas.” he said. 'l'Iic governor L'laiiiicd he had seen films of

the incident showing a cannister hurled toward officers as
they approached the administration building.

Ironically, the shootings occurred at the same time
Edwards was recommending that the State Board of
Education scrap a proposed solution which ended student
occupation of buildings at a sister Southern University
campus in New Orleans.

The 9,000-studcnt Baton Rouge campus and the 2,900
student New Orleans campus of the university-the nation‘s
largest predominantly black university-have been em-
broiled in boycotts since mid-October when students
began pressing their demands for more student control of
administrative affairs.

Edwards had met with students from the New Orleans
campus only this past Sunday to discuss their ongoing
boycott of classes and their earlier takeover of buildings.

He told them a tontinued occupation would make it
impossible to discuss constructive changes.

After the shootings at Baton Rouge yesterday. Edwards
again criticized student protestors, saying he would make
no further efforts to solve student problems “if they do
not have enough confidence in me to go back to classes
peacefully and can give me time to solve their problems.”

Baton Rouge Mayor Dumas spoke in a similar vein after
the battle. "This is the price you pay for appeasement,” he
said. "And if you appease people, you can expect the

worst."

Sheriff deputies wheel on injured student from the scene of the tragedy at Southern University (AP

'PAGE TWELVE

: 4 4 k
, 1F: ,
. , ’ t

at. 1‘  my;

\

1
“an; . .i.

Louisiana State Trooper: went grin marks its they guard the
entrance to the administration building at Suurthern Univeristy in
Baton Rouge (AP Wirephoto).

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, NOVEMBER f7, 1972

Vol. LIX No. 40

State Unlvarr/ry of New York at Albany Number 28, 1972

 

Belt Tightening Foreseen as FSA‘ losses Continue;
Directors, Meet, Shut Patroon Room at Night

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

$ 1 00 ,000

PROFIT

LOSS bookstore

total uad proﬁts

1970

total quad profits

total quad profits

housing

total quad profits

housing

 

 

housing

housing

 

 

$- 100,000

puiroon room

cafeteria

 

300,000

400,000

—500,000

 

.4 Iiolysis o," (‘hurls

As the top graph shows, I“SA's present monetary dilcmna did not

special functions

bookstore

 

patroon room
special fu netions
cafeteria

 

bookstore

 

bookstore

 

 

patroon room
special functions ealt-ti-ria
cafeteria

 

pali'ooii room
special funclions

 

 

occur overnight. To stay financially

solvent, I’SA must increase income and cut operating expenses. The bottom chart lists suggested
alternatives and dollar savings. Students should be assured by I’SA Management and directors that no
increase in board rates will occur until all other alternatives are utilized.

II is no longer a sr-crr-t that meal contract proﬁts subsidize all of I“SA's losing ventures (“£80,000 Ill
four years). The fact that meul profits bavo done so on over five years and will continue to do so for the
immediate future is appalling. The main goal of thr- new management and Board of Directors sthuld In-
to change this exploitation of undergraduate resident students.

If ll does not seem ethically or morally logical to coerce students to subsidize BSA iii a greater rate,

losses Will have to be cut To cut losses, scrvrces Will have to be cut.

To cut services, sortie members of

VSA’s Board of Directors will have to face realily and cut into his or her own baliwitrk, i.e.: close the
l’atrooii Ilooni. partially or entirely, discontinue Special Functions partly or entirely, end support of
Dorm Directors' and their gur-sts' free meals [BSA has often been used to increase benefits that state

funds did not or will not cover).

.I S l"laiviIi

Zahm’s Recommended Actions

1 ) lind support of Mohawk Cain-
pus. Dippikill, University Fiinc«
tions at end of fiscal year.

2) Limit F.S.A. support of loan
fund to “5.000.

3) End Board support of Res.
idence Directors.

4) find support of lnliriniiry
meals.

5) Close dining halls beginning
of Commencement week.

(i) Mniidutory summer Board
contract.

7) Mandatory Board contracts
for graduate students.

it) Increase Board Contracts for
undergraduate students $15.00
per semester.

9) it) Sell houses; b) Sell Good-
niun house; c) Sell Mohawk
Campus.

l0) increase Check Cashing to
' 20

ll) University support of Exec-
utive Park.

12) Close l’iir‘roon Room and
Special Functions in evening.
I3) Convert to partial vending in
Campus Center.

14) Close Cufele ' l’utroon
Rooin, Special Functions.

15) Reduce direct operating cx~
penses in Bookstore.

l6) Reduce direct operating ex-

penses in Food Service.
17) Reduce account expenses.

Other Action Deferred

by Al Senia

It hasn't exactly been the easiest of trial periods for Faculty-
Student Association Acting Director E. Norbert Znhm. He has spent
his first semester watching F‘SA drive itself onward into backruptey,
a legacy of his corporate predecessor Robert Cooley. lie has faced a
university community that looks upon the corporation he heads
with attitudes that range from detached indifference to outright
hostility. He has seen students who talk of unionization. And he has
faced that worst corporate nemesis of all---a slow moving bureau-
cracy.

’I‘hal bureaucracy, better known as the FSA Board of Directors,
had another one of its monthly meetings shortly before the
Thanksgiving holiday break. About the most signiﬁcant action the
student, faculty and administrative members of the Board took was
the decision to delay (leeiding significant action until the next
meeting, set for December Norbert Zahm left the meeting without
much to be thankful for. II was that kind of day.

There was lHll' step taken thal will have some consequences for the
university community. The Board decided to close the Patroon
Room at night beginning next semester, a move that Zahm estimates
will save the corporation about five hundred dollars per week.
“Special Functions," those specially caterer] affairs, will be operating
on ii break-even basis only during the evening. This saves students
the expense of underwriting lhem, something the students were
doing indirectly throuin llH'll' mandatory meal contracts.

It was only a partial political victory for the student represen-
tatives, some of whom had been argumg over the last few months
ihal students shouldn‘t liavr- to underwrite losses the Palroon Room
and Special Functions incur during the day either. But the majority
of the board members obviously felt such a step was a little too
drastic and a little too unpopular. So students can continue to pay
off llli‘ Palroon Room daytime deficit. It is one of the little
plr-ast 13s one gets from being a part of a liberal university
r-oinmi ‘iiiy,

'l'lii- Boa‘tl also decided to sell it piece of property, Waverly Place,
as a way of increasing (lit) to day operating cash, and so pay off
expenses and debts The action was one of the seventeen “recumv
mended actions" Ziilim gave lo the Board for “immediate action, so
as to provide llit' griuiiesl amouiil of savings anti income possible."
The ri-si of that specific proposal was thrown to a committee for
further allitl) In fact. most of Zahrn's proposals were tossed to
(’Ut‘lilnllli‘t's for further study.

The Board talked for awhile about r-iitling support for Mohawk
(‘nnipus and llli‘ Goodman Properly which would save some
$12,000 "This is one of the program iii-ms Wl' just eannnl support,"
Zahm lolil the Board But his employers remained unconvinced,
i’hllt‘t'lilll) since new I‘Vltlt'llt‘t' suggesls both properties may break
Wen at year's end. So ihc matter was postponed for further study

There was talk of ending support for meals of Residence Directors.
But the expected ri-porl was not forthcoming. So it was postponed
for further study.

There was talk of closing down some, or all, of the dining halls
(luring commencement won-k. But there were discrepancies over how
much money would be savod and how the students would react. So
it was postponed for further study

'I‘herr- was talk of raising the cost of cashing a check from fifteen
cents to twenty cents, a movv that would bring in about $6,000. But.
SA President Mike Lainperi said the amount of money involved was
inconsequential compared to what would be saved by adopting some
of Zahm's oilii-r sixteen options So the matter was postponed-

probalily for good

There was talk of getting FSA out of its lease iii the plush
Executivn- 'l‘ower office building But Zalim felt this was the Board's
responsibility and the Board fell Ziihin should take the initiuliVe So
the Krill-1,000 savmg was postponed for further study

There was talk of converting Campus (fl-titer food operations to
partial vi-iirliiig But ll was not entirely clear how much would be
savwl from this So the matter was postponed until the Campus
(‘i-niur Food Service Manager could provrde an analysis,

And so it went But the meeting was iiol ull drudgery There Were
moments of eXeilemenl as well

There was Norl) Zuhin explaining how the bookstore would be
Siti(),000 in the red at year's end “at besl " There was President
Bcnc‘Li-t stating that "The prom-iii rclrogressioii (in the bookstore)
alone could put the corporuiioii into bankruptcy " There was Zuhm
again, detailing Iiow the Food SerVici- cash business “is going down,
down, down."

And then there was this memorable dialogue concerning the
decreasing sales pictures many of the corporation's operations face:
Benezet. "We have a very serious loss in sules...u continuing drain
in overall resources that could threaten our credit lines in April. In
that too strong ii statement?"
Zulini‘ "No, I think it's perfect."

 

