 

 

 

 

  

feels that Finance Committee is the most important standing committee in Central Council.

dautaen

A Central Councilman Eric Jon is closely Involved in Student Association's budgetary functions. Jose

continued from page 2

main reason why [got involved in
all this". He would like to see
more students sitting in on Coun-
cilis used.

Joss is also an appointed
member of the Executive Budget
Committee and the Central Coun-
cil Budget Committee which has
enabled him to view all financial
aspects of student government.
“People wonder where the money
collected from student tax goes,”
Joss said, “and that's probably the
main reason why I got involved in
all this." He would like to see
more students sitting in on Coun-
cil and Committee meetings so
they might better understand how
their student tax money is used.

 

Doesn’t

corporate pro

There was a time, ﬁfty or sixty
years ago, when a major corporation
in America might expect proﬁts of
twenty or even twenty-live cents on
the sales dollar.

Those (lays are over. But not
everybody realizes it.

ing funds.

H o w in u c h
proﬁt is enough to
keep a business
operating? How
much is too much?
It‘s hard to say.

However, the
companies mak-
ing‘ only marginal
proﬁt are not the
companies provid-

 

What would you call enormous?

In 1970, Fortune’s Top 500 indus-
trial corporations realized an average
proﬁt of about 4 cents on
the dollar.

General Electric fared
slightly better than
average. Last year,
our proﬁts amount-
ed. to about 5 cents
on the dollar.
We are occasion-
ally attacked, along
with business in
,/ gene all, as being
“tooprofit-oriented."

   
 
 
 
 
  
 

and technical knowledge.

They can’t afford to.

  
  
  
 

General Electric
rea me the days of enormous
ts are over?

But if society proﬁts and the busi-
iiess does not, the business will fold in
the short run. It will have no operat-

 

ini,r new eiuployment, creating new
products or adding,r to man’s scientiﬁc

Marginal companies are not the
ones making" the important soeial con-
tril‘uitions today. For a simple reason.

No responsible company wants a
return to the days of the robber bar-

-

>~Joss Profile

SA Not Reflective

Another complaint that Joss
voiced was that Central Council
and Student Association in gen-
eral are just not reflective enough
of the student body. Joss feels
that more effort could be made
by Central Council Represen-
tatives and other elected members
of student government to inform
their constituents of what is
taking place at meetings. “They
just don’t seek out and talk to the
people they are representing. its a
two fold problem of guilt," says
Joss. “There's just not enough
people interested”. Between the
unresponsiveness of the represen-
tatives and student apathy it is
difficult to make student govem-
ment accuratly reﬂect the feelings
and desires of the student body.
"Everybody has got to do more
than just go to class," said Joss.

New Blood Needed

In devoting much of his time to
student government Joss has tried
to get more of what he refers to as
“new blood” into the S.A. govern-
ment. He would like to see a
stronger attempt made by others,
who are now involved, to draw
more people into active student
government participation. “It's
very, very easy to get involved in
our student government. I think
its more difficult being elected in
high school where everybody used
to get a ballot in his homeroom
and they voted, whereas, if you
make people get up and have to
go down to the Campus Center
and push a button in a booth,
they won’t take the time to do it.
If you get twenty percent of the
student body to vote it's con-
sidered an overwhelming turn-
out."

Not for Everyone

 

 

on» Council: 'Bleelr Orphan?

Dance Council of SUNYA will
present a dance interpretatioh of
the ﬁlm, “Black Orpheus", by
Marcel Camus. The dance portrays
the mythological story of Orpheus
and Eurydice.

On Thursday evening, April 20,
at 8:00, the Campus Center Car-
den will be transformed into Rio
at camival time. Orpheus and

Eurydioe meet, fall in love, and
ﬁnally die at the hands of the
“Angel of Death."

“Black Orpheus", is Dance
Councils second endeavor to
bridge the gap between audience
and performer. As with “Jesus
Christ: Superstar", last years pro-
duction, “Black Orpheus" will be
successful only with audience in-

Creative Poeiry Canton

FENNIMORE, Wis. - Creative
persons and poets, both amateur
poets and serious poets, as well as
teachers and students of American
poetry, will be glad to learn about
the nation-wide poetry contest
which the North American Men»
[or Magazine is sponsoring again
this year. The North American
Mentor, formerly published at
Conesville, Iowa since I964, is
sponsoring its 9th annual poetry
contest. The deadline for entries is
June I, I972.

Persons interested in entering
their poems for this contest may
obtain contest rules by writing to
Poetry Contest Editor, Mentor,
Fennimore,Wisconsin, 5380‘). For
more prompt response to queries,
poets are urged to enclose a self—
addressed stamped envelop wiih
their request for information.

Mildred Westburg, a teacher at
the Southwest Wisconsin Voca-
tional and Technical School, and
John Westburg, a former professor
of English at St. Ambrose College

in Iowa are the publishers of the
North American Mentor.

John Wcslhurg says that Amer-
ica is indeed a nation of poets. "A
lot of folks do not know that they
have pociic talents, but they have.
Many have had poetic feelings all
of their lives but have not been
actually aware that they were
poclic, for example, when they
appreciate Ilic arrival of the robins
in the spring, or enjoy the sunrise,
Who are the poets? They come
from every walk of like, every
trade and profession, young and
old, cxcculivcs, farmers, house-
wivcs...A sardonic sage, in speak-
ing of equality, oncc said that the
only true equality among human
beings is our depravity. He may be
righl, but my experience shows
that ii is our pociic feelings that
really make us equals. Poetry, I
lliink, has contributed very. very
much toward civili/ing the little
savage that seems in live insnlc of

each of us."

volvernem.

The cast of 25 is directed by-
Maude Baum. Orpheus is danced
by Charles Valdes, Eurydice by
Mary lcnnahan, The Angel of
Death by David Brown and The
demons by Rachel Goldstein and
Marcia Kindler. Eileen Egglesion
is the lighting designer. A dona-
lion of $.50 is requested to help
meet production expenses. Come
and involve yourself!

Rain 8. Greece

LOUDONVILLE, N.Y. - Cam-
pus Charities Weekend at Siena
College next Friday and Saturday
(4/21-22) will feature a public
concert by the popular Canadian
rock show group, Rain. The
group, playing Friday night at 8
p.m. in Gibbons Hall, will set the
tom.- for the weekend, which is
billed as "Greaser Weekend."
Siena’s own “Grease Band" will
perform a warm-up act to Rain on
Friday. Tickets, at $1 each, will
be sold at the door.

Rain has become one of the
most popular bands in eastern
Canada in its two short years of
existence. Started in Kitchener,
Ontario, the group is staffed by
,Phillis Boltz, lead singer and pia-
‘nist; Charley Hall, vocals and
organ; Bill McLaughlin, lead gui-
tarist; Chris Woroch, voacls and
drums; and band leader Ron Hil-
lcr, who plays bass rind also does
vocals.

 

cm I 8

 

When Cue writer Jim “climber; that heard this new band, Guns ‘
Butter, he heard "the magical energy that carried the Dentin from
Rubber Soul to Sgt. Pepper, that took sock happen into the wilds of
the Grateful Dead and the tan forests of Cream" Well, one of the
differences between writing for Cue and writing for this rag in that
record company promo men don't come pounding on my door with
gifts of dynamite bash, free-ﬂowing liquor, and promiaea of wild

orgiea.

And so, when I heard Guns 4. Butter, what I heard were echoes of
the Flock. Flock was an ambitious Chicago rock band with sane and
a violin, as G is B is an ambitious Boaton rock band with a lax and a
violin. Both set out to tran-fonn rock and roll by binning the
complexity of classical form and the improvisations of in! into their
music. Both failed completer because both were saddled with
unimaginative rock rhythm sections, miserable material, and Inane

singers.

In the opening cut (I AM) of this album, Guns & Butter promptly
find their rut. and spend the rest of their time sinking ever more
deeply into it. Bassist Pete Cohen and drummer Pete Tucker plod
aimlessly on and on. Guitarist Paul Cohen evidently slept through
most of the ﬁrst ‘side, awakening only to give an abrupt and
out-of—place lead intro on "Sometimes". On side two, he sinks back

into his earlier stupor. Singer Jeff

Lyons is stuck with some of the

worst pseudo-profunditiea masquerading as lyrics since the heyday of
the Ultimate Spinach (does anybody remember them???). And the
melodies--well, either Lyons can't sing to save his life or the others
can't write music to save theirs, since I don’t have the sheets for these
original gems, [can't tell. And don't much care.

Hidden in the depths of the dinosaur swamps of the Flock was a
really fine violinist, Jerry Goodman. Jerry was rescued by John
McLaughlin and is now amazing and dazzling audiences as part of
McLaughlin's Mahavishnu Orchestra. Hidden in this mess is another

ﬁne violinist, Lenny Federer, and

hopefully some Prince Charming

will come to rescue him and madman Richard Ploss, another

considerable talent, from this dead end. If you can ignore the rest of
the band (near impossible), and excuse the wretched tunes (I’m afraid

the same I’Ioas dc Federer wrote most of them), this album is almost

worth getting—these two are good. In this context, though, their talent

is a shining lamp hidden not even by a haystack but by cowdung.

The Flpck’s 2nd LP was titled Dinosaur Swamps. This is the kind of
humor that critics indulge in after they've shoveled through too much

of this stuff.

Capital District Jazz!

The CAPITAL DISTRICT JAZZ
SOCIETY, INC, a non-profit
membership organization, will
prcscut its first concert Sunday,
April 30, I972, at 2:00 pm. in
the (‘ouunuuily Room of the Col-
onic Shopping Center, Colonic,
New York. (.‘onirihuiion for ric-
kets is $2.50.

Featured in concert will he the
Lee Show 'I'rio (Lcc Shaw, piano;
Mikc Wicks, bass; Stan Shaw,
drums), with Nick Brignolri, reeds
and ﬂutes.

This grouping of musicians, fol-
lowing Normal Brantz' famous
JA'FP concepl, is the firsi effort
of the CD15 to present the area's
jaunicn (and, in this case, wo-
men), in the uniquely sponta-
neous atmosphere which has char-

acterized the music's finest mo-
ments. The society hopes to pro
sent jazz in many vuricd contexts
in its future undertakings.

Lee and Stan Shaw, rclaiivcly
recent arrivals on the area's scene,
have been playing with Mike
Wicks as a trio in various local
clubs including the Blue Apple in
Schenectady, and the Continental
Club in Albany. Nick Brignola,
one of the area‘s leading jazz
figure: over the years, is currently
leading his quinlci at the PcIiI
Paris in Albany.

Tickets to the concert can be
reserved by writing: CAPITAL
DISTRICT JAZZ SOCIETY.
INC., l2l8 Second St, chsse-
lacr, New York, 12l44, or calling
|(5I8)434-759l.

 

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

    
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

People argue that if social progress ons. No responsible company wants h'b't'
, is to be made, business must make it. “enormous” proﬁts. But no company Joss has often heard complaints  I I 
, Ans] Ithat moms stand m the way of can survwe Without the proﬁtsystem. from students who want to know  
1‘. some up ress. O
t We! wo‘irild arguequite theopposite Why “"9 W" ""““i“3 this”? xv 8:3,:‘lwcpeopl; “:8 running - I
' . . . oun
.. , . . . . General Electric is a big, teehno- . 0 mm {m  
} rho bug'm‘“ of I’I'H'MS’I '5 not Jim logic-ll company with the capabilities Quad' The” 8 "0 companion
. c t _, c I I
bummss‘ to do a great deal of problem solving rho"  can t gal.p00ple to “m  
The purpose of a busi- in this country. 1: ° 'cle' ,h" “I,” F0" "‘f’“ Purchases may be Charged
ness, as we see it, is to pro— We think proﬁts have a direct w ° do," t “k” ""3 "1"" °7 ""‘n'ng
é duce and distribute effect on our ability to solve r‘" °”‘°"' J09“ “3895‘” they in' SUNY at Albany-Campus Center
9,. necetssalry goqu rind serv- problems. But we realize the is- “rm “‘0 “WWI “’PWWWHVES ThurSdaY. Apr“ 20- II am [0 9 Pm
*3 ices 0t eproito society sue of proﬁts is one with two ° ‘1 deim ‘0 “We on 1- com- o Frida A il 21- 10 r 5
I ...and thehusinessitself. sides. By telling you our side, mittee or in some other way work . n    y' pr 3'" 0 W"
,h ’ A busmess must re- we hope we’ve moved you to for student government. “It's not CHAGALL BASKIN IiilUAUl'l' DAUMIER Alli] MANY OTHERS
i” . ﬂeet society’s needs. Ecn- think aboutyourside. Perhaps for everyone," rind Jens, Butho l  I M I “‘4 “   ""‘ "
“5‘ nomic, political, legal even write us about it. feels tllul. those who are interested c c y “mum‘s” I" “now” "0"" GALLERIES
and moral, as well as We'd like to hear what you in student government should L  “LT'MORE' "mum"
’ 1 social. It. must change as have to say. Please write to come forward .md purLicipnle t W
n, Boeiety changes and, to General Electric, Dept. 901 '
. some extent, influence 570 Lexington Avenue, New ' '
z " thosechanges. York, N.Y.1()(i'.11. magalme 0' Visual arts
ISRAELI CAFE exhibition of student work
is AND N . r .
1,- IGHT Pening TONIGHT 7:30pm Univ. Art Gallery magazine free w/tox cord, $1 w/ ID
. CLUB NIGHT— .
 exhibition open thru April 30 9-5 mon-fri april 22 10-5,- opril 23,29,30 I -5
'1 April 22 - 8:00 ‘ I
; GENERAL @ uremic CLUB marrr— come get your copy of observation. , ,,,,, , , ,h,
.5 __
v ‘— ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
PAGE 14 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1972 WESDAY- APRIL 13. 1972 PAGE 15

 

 

