 

 

   

   

     
    
  
    
    
    
   
     
 
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
    
   
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

“There has never been a movie

quite like this. One of the most

unusual l have ever seen. The

photography seems miraculous."
- Gunu Shalrt, NBC—TV

Thursday, March 9— LC-7

Friday, March 10— LC—23

GUY, I‘VE BEEN
MEANING

  

0 ASK Yell».

  

  

  

oi
xlsro
_ "mm/ti,
" ""'..'.r’5rirzrrv'm Maura
um MT' -mir ms
nurrtttrrvnrotz

—l

 

   

 

  

 

A Review of Peckinpoli’s Movie

by Maida Orinqher

Sam Peckinpah’s Straw Dogs is overwhelmingly powerful; the
violence, brutality, and over-ﬂow of blood in this film will turn the
most iron-clad stomachs. Peckinpah forcefully comments that man,
every man, is capable of turning to violence in order to survive,
in order to prove manhood, in order to keep home and bride.

Dustin Hoffman plays David Sumner, the bespeckled American
mathematician; Susan George is Amy his provocatively sexy wife. The
story is set off the coast of Cornwall, England, Amy‘s homeland,
where the couple has moved to give David a chance to write his book
and to give them both it chance to mend a shaky marriage. Because he
has fled front the violence of Anterica without having tasted it
first-hand, Anty sees him as a coward. l’eckinpah sees him as the
07-pound weakling who ultimately will be transformed into sortie-
thing tnore brutal and violetit than his oppressors.

It is a trip much worth taking.
Not since ‘2001’ has a movie
so cannin inverted consciousness
and altered audience perception.

llllll‘ M.It|.l[llll-

THE HELLSTROM '
CHRONICLE

A DAVID L. WOLPER Production. From Cinema 5

 

“A masterpiece. Incredibly beau
tiful, a visual and aural feast. ht-
fiised with magical drama and
sinister excitement.’

S. K. Oburhock, Nuwswuek Magazine

Each Night

7:30 & 9:30 Saturday, March 11-— L023

Admission: $1
LC-7, capacity 500 LC-23, capacity 200

Sunday, March 12— L07

 

 

 

But Cornwall is no hiding place. in his old country home, David
doesn‘t get the solitude he needs to spend with his blackboard, nor is
his marriage given a chance to work. Local men hired to fix the
Sumner garage see Amy as one of their own who has deserted them
and returned with lofty airs as well as a cowardly husband. They spend
more time harassing the couple then in fixing the garage roof. Tlte
ultimate goal of these men is to get into David's bedroom with Amy.

Amy‘s own feelings are ambivalent. She tests the workmen by
parading braless and sorttetirnes sweaterless around the house, and she
tests her husband by urging him to confront the men after they
strangle her pet cat. When David refuses, the workmen invite him out
lturttittg. David accepts. hoping to prove his masculinity to his wife;
but hunting does not prove manhood. While David is oitt hunting
geese, the workmen spend their time hunting his wife.

The tape sequence is a masterpiece of cinema. I’eckinpah heightens
the hrttlrtlity by intercutting scenes of Drivtd in a qittct meadow
innocently trying to shoot geese suggesting that things that lrttit its
most happen when we are unaware. This skillful director makes lits
audience feel the print. struggle. rind final yielding of Arity to her
former suitor and their ltci violent disgust as he holds her down for a
friend.

David returns home to ltiid Amy ticttr hysteria. but otit ot :i
desperate llll\ll;l|lllll and it iclusal to understand her vague references
to the attack. he tells his \\IlL' that she iirrisi "giou up". hot the time
being. .'\lll_\ stops lighting her husband. bill the worktiieii \yrll retititi.

I’cckitrpah builds the Iiiirtl sci-tics “till Irirrtttsltc skill. l.tkc thc
:rritrqiic heat tirip hanging over the lrieplricc. David's passions the
prepared to stirtp. Against Amy‘s Will. David gives ielrigc to the town
siiiiplctori who hits accidentally killed .r village girl. thii the
woikriieu come to churn the murderer. David will not give lttiii tip.
l)‘.lVlLl has relused to acknowledge the slaughter of a cat and the tripe
of his Wife. brtl he hits bectt pushed trio fair. lle vows, “I Will not allow
Violence against ttty house." The unrelenting screenplay shoWs it all a
foot shot off by :r title bullet. rt body torn apart by at double btirieled
shot git-t. tr titan beaten and mutilated by a poker. and weakhttg
tttrticd itito a fierce animal ready to kill to save the sanctuary of his
home.

Although David reacts like an animal a kill or be killed reaction
he ingeniously combats his foes and greatly enjoys the fight. Straw
Dogs is so cold. so logical, so tirisparing that our natural impulse is to
resist ll, bitt we cannot; we are moved, like David, to fight alortgarrd
perhaps, we too, enjoy it,

 

"I Am Curious"

Apologies...

lot ‘\ll\ page lo rii l.Isl liid.t\~

l AHI' \‘otiietiiiics things get
 sctcucrl up "lhr' lloxptlal' \\.r\
out .\lll\|t‘i||\t' | Iliiigoi-i rein-u l|\

   Rohr'rt \"citiit .Iilil \’ottiiiri
 Math-1's "Maidxlutio’ \\.|'- Ir‘

\'ll'\\l‘tl l»_\ Mich.th l ippiiiaii

 

ﬁlms I’ve ever seen

an s Norman Mrlrll'l

 

 

 

Do you have questions about

LAW SCHOOLS? YOUR RIGHTS? INSURANCE?

LANDLORDTENANT PROBLEMS?

Then ask
Sanford Rosenblum,

SA Lawyer

He'll be here tonite, and every
Tuesday nite, at 7 pm in CC 346.

 

 

 

 

PAGE 16

   
 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1972

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Phys Ed Requirement Still in Question

by' Allen Altman

Have you ever wondered why
there is still a physical education
requirement at SUNYA, when all
other general undergraduate re-
quirements have been eliminated?
The reason lies with the State
University Board of Trustees.

The State University Trustees on
November 9, 1967 adopted a poli-
cy governing the conduct of
physical education programs at
the State University of New York.
The policy stated “it shall be the
policy of the State University of
New York that all regular under-
graduate students of the State
University must complete a physi-
cal education program satisfactory
to the Chancellor of the Univer-
sity."

Armed with this policy, the Fa-
culty Senate on March 18, 1968
reaffirmed its policy on the phys-
icnl education requirement by is-
suing rr revised physical education
plan. The plan stated that each
undergraduate student should firi-
fill a four unit or two year rcquir-
ement in physical education over
and trbOVe the hour requirements
for graduation. The plan ordered
that the physical education pro-
gram be subjected to a detailed
review at the end of the third year
from the date of implementation
which wasSeptemher, 1968.

Under this review provision, the
Physical Education Department
presented a revised program It
October which passed the (Turricu-
hint Committee anti the Under-
graduate Academic Council lllltllll-
mortsly, but was defeated iii the
Sentitc. This left thr- old Physical
Education Program s-till rtt t-t't'et-t

 

Summer Session Olllt o
C. W. Post Contor
Groonvnlo, L l., N Y ttfmti

Pleasu sond trio Stirrimet .‘jessroiis
Name

Addition
City SltIitI

i It vtultlrio amount. which colluou

 

  

foil itlllilt'tJi tiiirltrtqtatti llt‘ :tiitt

lit.ttltltll|'tillllfll‘5:.1itli‘lttlllfi‘1l‘lllll‘5;
)i tiiw‘t .~.~it\«,liop', Hermit-in. lnlll‘»
l’ it ll‘l
J’Hr lllt
rltr ‘tr lttlyl"l.twl
will .
, rlv‘.'i"t|lli],
l’liw'rt . ‘tt :rtitimi ' ~ o 
AlirllrIl'tllt“,liltlri“. ‘
(’ L‘.‘ l'nl tltt/ I ‘
(it‘lllt‘tll 1
You ll ,,t-~ rllt'tll Aillt‘lll .l -: t

rm at l'tuttiltlltlt.Itlll)ll1.i‘i.

The defunct revision plan rec-
ommended that the unit concept
for required physical education
courses be changed to credit
which would be counted within

students involved in the program

believed the program had helped

them while only 62% of the stu-

dents would have registered for

physical education it it wasn't
‘ ‘ for '

 

the hours 1 ' ‘for,

The Physical Education Depart-
ment urged that the learning ex-
periences in their required courses
warranted the earning of degree
credit and that the students atti-
tude toward physical education
would be improved by the grant-
ing of credit. The proposal also
suggested that the two year re-
quirement be reduced to a one
year requirement since during the
three years of the past program,
the Physical Education Depart-
ment had found it necessary to
request the Undergraduate Acti-
demic Council to waive one year
of the requirement. Tire requests
were made due to their limited
staff in relation to the numbers of
students. The proposal made it
clear that Foundations of Physial
Education (PEIOI) was not a re-
quir-‘rment though it was suggested
that all entering freshmen enroll
in the course.

As to the requirement, the
Physical Education Department
felt that physical education
should still continue as a requirc~
ment. They justified the require-
ment on twu grounds: 1) the fact
that Albany‘s admission require-
ments are not based on selecting
students with basic understand-
ings of skills itt physical edrlctr-
lion; and 2) the fuel that physical
education contributes to the
prcsr'nt and future physical illltl
tttciitttl health of the individual.
'l'hey cited a survey of students

that showr-rl tlittl MP” of lhc

 

1 a

Doctor Edith Cobane, Chairman
of the Women's Physical Educa-
tion Department, felt that the
plan was defeated in the Senate
due to the Faculty opposing the
credit and the students opposing
the requirement. She commented
that “A requirement or academic
credit for physical education in
essential though both are desir-
able". If she wrts given a choice,
Cobane explained that graduation
credit would be the most desir-
able.

Cobnne, speaking on the require-
ment, said that she would support
the requirement on the basis of
the fact that so many students
have poor backgrounds in physical
education. She urged that the
exposure to physical education
may give the strident something
that he would like to do.

Commenting on the effects of
tin elimination of the requirement
on the Physical Education Deparl~
ment, Cobrrne explained that
there would be cutbacks since
enrollment in physical education
coumrs would drop, This would
lead to the loss of teaching posi-
tions and the subsequent loss of
some of the coaching stuff. A loss
of the requirement without the
guarantee of rtttiiittaittittg the
Physical Education Department tit
its present size for at least two
years to allow enrolltttcttt to bitiltl
hack tip would be disastrous for
the Department.

Dr Alfred Wet-tier, ('lttttrtittrtt of

 

 

 

(Li‘

l>u||elitt

lip

 

 

/\ I'UIiI ll ‘rl |(V|( l. Ml ‘rii/U-l‘ I llllM
Illl /\l MANY ‘-lUl’)l Ni l’lii 1'8;

FOREST
FIRES BURN

 

  

the Mens' Physical Education De-
partment commented that “he
would look ftrvorably upon remo-
val of the physical education
requirement. if credit could be
substituted for it". He cited
experiences of other colleges that
had first and second year drop off
in physical education enrollment
after credit was substituted for
the requirement after which the
enrollment built tip to higher
Ievr-ls tlttirt before, Werner admit-
ted that there might be some
iiiitneditrle cutbacks in the
Departiiir-rit if the requirement
was r-litiittttitcrl, hrtt within three
of four years there should be t
\ttililt- progratit to support tr com-
pli-tt- stuff.

Ron Howells, llittlr-rgrtitluttte
Aczitlr-tttic Advrsrir, r-ottriiieiited
that “since everything else is
optional, \vc'vr- reached it point
where there is no reason that
physical education shouldn't be
optional". [lick Collier, Under-
graduate Actrdtrmie Advisor, indi-
cated that "he would oppose irrati-
dttlory university drug and sex
education, but both sound more
beneficial to individuals, the uni
vr-rsity, ttntl society than physical
education."

Dr. Douglas Alexandr-r, Chair-
ttttttt of the Undergraduate Aca-
demic Council, felt that “if one

bellevee in the personal liberty of

the student, the requirement
should be dropped, while if you're
worried about heart attacks at age
thirty-five, it should be held".
According to Alexander. there is
no pending proposal or legislation
before the Council concerning the
future of the physical education
requirement.

Michael Lampert, President of
Student Association. pointed out
llttrt. it. mirkes no sense to hitVe just
one requirerttcnt for under-
graduate students. When ques-
tioned its to the possibility of the
(hopping of the physical edu—
cation requirement leading to it
t'utlttrck it) the Athletic Program,
lairitpcrt replied "so what". He
felt that a program has to stand
by itself on its own merits or not
exist at :rll. Asked about the
llriiirrl of 'l't'uster-s reaction to an
r-lirtiittrttion of the requirement.
larmpert said that the wording of
the Board of 'l'rrtstees Policy
makes it possible to reduce the
r'r-quirctttcnt. lo it one hour re-
qriirciiicttl iii four years of Col-
lege.

iaimpert indicated that he plans
to introduce a bill at the next
meeting of the Senate that would
abolish the physical education re-
quireiitent outright and give it
credit towards graduation,

 

 

 

l
l a . . . i
X
t lsxhrbitron ;
r X
I' \
Ba lc
()l‘t“’lti£ll  I - t
“‘ (trap tics
ll l.\i);\\", i\l:\l{( ll 7th x
l
.llltl x
‘.'r |.l)f\‘l.$l)t\\', hit-\lU'll b‘th X
)t
x it) AM » 0 PM x
: CAMPUS (fl-IN'I‘IZR
X Old Masters llrtii lorriottows Classnists
x li‘lllit'l‘it
X .auriul'truin lltl‘trlii titlu it or) w
l 'Mmmu All III‘.’
: UNIVIIUII (OHIIIION
 '   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 197?.

ALBANY S'I'UDl‘IN'l‘ l’lll‘SS

PAGE 17

  

