     

   
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Bill Brine
bX‘We have it as much in us to be a thief as to be Christ."—Rock
Scully ...Digger, ex-acid Revolutionary (back when there were such
thing), Management for the Grateful Dead.

In reality, the Dead are a bit of both, not that the two are as far
apart as Rock seems to think (The thieves & Christ were cruciﬁed
together, if you'll remember). Those who were stuck with tickets to
that fiasco down at the Amory two years ago may remember them
mainly as the former (although that disaster wasn‘t really their
fault); to a legion of lost kids looking for the great psychedelic
Shangri-La of the late sixtis, they partook more of the aura of the
latter. Either way, the Grateful Dead in 1972 are one of the few
enduring institutions left from the heydey of the counter-culture.

Think about that. How much of 1967 is already ancient history?
(Nearly all of it). Art Nouveau posten have disappeared, the
Fillmores closed long ago, and only "aging psychedelic dilettantes"
(to quote Hunter Thompson) still prefer hallucinogens to downers.
The Diggers and the Communications Company, those pioneering
attempts at alternative service systems, have long since past away, as
have the East-Coast politicized mutants of 1968. Can you still
remember the Motherfuckers'.‘ the Free Rangers? The great
underground papers of the period are likewise gone..even the East
Village Other eventually folded. And the bands? There isn't a one
left (in America) that bears any resemblance, in personnel or in
style, to its former self...save the Dead. ‘

That isn’t to say that the Dead haven't changed more than a mite
over the intervening years. As guitarist/singer Bobby Weir says,
“That’s all water flowing under the bridge," and there surely has
been quite a lot. It's been a long, strange trip from the days of Ken
Kesey’s Pranksters and the free, chaotic shows in the parks to the
elaborately. staged, carefully secured productions that.Dead concerts
have become, but the same core is still there. still trying to do what
they ﬁrst set out to do. Amazingly, they've just gotten better and
better at it. Much of this (and more) is captured in their latest
release. EUROPE ‘72 (WE 3WX 2668), a three-record sampling of
various performances during their recent Grand Tour of Europe.
While no recording could completely capture the experience of an
in-concert performance by the Grateful Dead (more on that later),
this set comes close enough that it's going to be a required purchase
for Dead-heads and as good a place as any for newcomers to connect
with this band's magical ability to enchant.

They were going to call the set "Europe on 55,000 a'Day" and
they really should have (they didn't for fear that few'péd'le would
catch on to it), because that image captures Pretty nea y what a
Grateful Dead tour is all about. When they hit the road, the
entourage numbers somewhere in excess of forty people...musicians,
their lyricist (Robert Hunter), the equipment crew, the management
people, and everybody's friends and family,..an encapsulated
environment. That's one reason why you aren't likely to see the

Dead strung out from the rigors of touring, or depressed by the
loneliness that is often a constant companion of performing artists.
And that’s why the sound system is so beautifully clear, and the
lighting and special effects are so well coordinated whenever they
play.

Neither used to be the case, Back In the early days of the
Haight-Ashbury, Dead concerts were often called “lch thunder" and
the very act of plugging in the sound system (before the band started
playing) was guaranteed to produce a god-awful snap, crackle, and
buzz. When the band started out Into one of thOSe long, howling
all-night excursions into the outer darknesscs the racket could
assume apocalyptic proportions, and the excesses on-slagc Wcrc
often matched by some terminally wcird sccncs back-and off-stage.
The spirit that animated both the people and their music was
somcthrng special and wonderful, but the crucial element of control
was conspicuously lacking. The Grateful Dead quickly became a
“cult band" with Ii passionate but limited following, and for a long
while they seemed fated to remain locked In that lrup.

Fortunately, that didn‘t end the story, Thch was more mum
Dead, all people and musicians, than anyone had gucsscd, and they
began to explore other facets of their musical pI-rrionalitrcs. One of
those facets was a long-suppressed fondness for (illulllFY‘ﬂflLl'Wl‘hll'fll
music, ilflfl their cxcuruions into thatidiomprovr-d wcll-limcd lnllH'Il.
'l‘heir commercml acceptability broadened immensely, while on ll

 

PAGE 4A

 
    
   

   
  
     
  

vie W/ common t/ pre view/ comment

ron hendren

Young View of Washington

The Seniority System

 

  
 
  
   
    
       
     
   
  
  
   
  
 
     
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
    
   
     
   

deeper level their personal and musical control and discipline
developed from their immersion in c-&-w music. Their music
broadened, deepened, and mellowed considerably, as they grew firm
musical and personal roots in American history. And they did that
without losing any of their raw power—they still can (and do) take
you out to the Dark Star, but the difference today is that they're
not likely to ignore the other stops on the tour, or get lost on the
way, and generally, they even remember to take you...and
themselves—mack. .

The growth and maturity of their music has been matched by a
similar development in their concern for its presentation, and for
themselves. The rattletrap sound system was long since scrapped in
favor of a system so good it can transform any barn into your living
room. The band members themselves are a remarkably healthy lot
these days, in a business not exactly noted for thatquality (save for
organist Ron “Pigpen” McKernan, who's slowly returning to the
land of the living after massive surgery over a year ago to rebuild his
plumbing), and you get the feeling they'll stay that way.

So much for history, and now on to the records. A cautionary
note: This album was "mixed" to be played back on top-flight
equipment at a seventy to eighty-five decibel range. If played at low
volume of on an inexpensive system, the music may sound "thin"
and lacking in prescence. If played too loudly (or loudly on a cheap
system) it may sound chaotic in spots and generally muddy. This
was done by “layering” the volume levels-of the various instruments
in a way that increases the clarity and presence with proper
equipment at full, but not excessive, volume. Unfortunately, this
results in a drastic drop-off in sound quality under any other
conditions. They really should have mchd a second Version, but
they didn't, so be forwarncd, Play this at a low volume/ or on n
Scars portable and you'll probably wonder what intoxicants this
writer was under the Inﬂuence of when he wrote this review (By the
way, the Dead hch done this before. LIVE/DEAD, their firlit
lwo~rccord set, was chn worsc in this regard. It was ll standard
complaint in the reviewing business that it took on $800 system to
reproduce the albums properly).

TH E ALBUM :

The set Is conslructcd to rcscmblc it “lyprcril” chning wilh the
(lritll'ful Dczrd. opening with u upended-up (‘Iunhr'rlund [Hum that
continue» one of their loss appealing “irrrditrons”—aloppy Upl'nl'fb.
The tune is pleasant enough irnd the playing ln pretty vigorous, but
rl'ei nI'ilhcr terribly together nor lcrribly lllhplfl‘fl, llu'r Gone, by
conlrnnl, is both Like most of tilt! lll'W lnllll'fllll on those illllllmh.
thus song's been part of the Dcnd'ri repertoirc for some time now.
Jerry Garcia sings lyricist Robert llunlI-r'ri lumi-nl for n llllil.
American Wcht “likc ll steam lnI'nrnnlIvc/rnllin' down lhc trucks" In
a lllW‘kt'de but extremely t'ffl'l‘llVl' mzrnncr, and the band wlrwly
refrains from soddllng lhl' piI-cr- Willi nny pyrolcchnlcs. lt's n good
introduction to llll' genre. and II mellow» down just finc. llnbby
Welr'n slriglu of lunl hummer, ()Ill‘ .llorc .H'ulurduy .N'rfi', clinics llll! lilfll‘
With uptcmpn boogie pran-III-d by pmniut Kcrlli (lodchrrux's l.Itlli-
llichurd-utylcd playing.

'l'hc rciil powcr of the [Jr-ad ltl'glflh to zusscrt itself on tlic til-(fond
srdI- opening With I/ul‘h Slruw Weir‘s llllrlllilly'llllul'll mclody, LliI-
tricky but pcrfcctly cxucutI-d arrangement, illlll dramatic vocals by
Jerry and Bob projwl llunti'r'n lllll! of lrIrvalrng American“.
Hunter's-both the mlill hirmclf and lllh mIigu'zil, llllﬂtllllg pol-try" 'Ll'llll
to be nvcrlonkcd th-n rnodur lyfll'lliLh ilfl‘ llll'llllflflt'fl lprobnlily
hccuusc llln prnum is subsumed under llll‘ l'lllll'l'll\'l' IruIIgI- nl lhr-
llI-Iid), and that's ii dirrnn nllftllll‘ llI~'>. u port of many Ialcnls, not
lhc ll‘lltll of which Is zrn IIlrnIml unquc ability in cnnjnn- up the l'()l‘|!
myths of lhI- American I-pr-rirnrc III II wary llI.II lags bun an d lruc
Inict'I-asor tn Whilrnnrr illlfl Hunde-rg Listen I-an-lully In IIIII'II' .S'Iruw
and you'll sci- wind I llll'nil.

.lI-rry (lurcin lnllnwn wrlh numc linniugc in his rnlrlh Ilrc old “unit
\‘v'illnuuu ntnndnnl, You Win Illllllll, JI-rry nrrI'c I'lzrimcd lliut his
llll lnnI- lllVlrnll- country singer was llolly l’IIrlnn, irnd liI- givcs this
old l4uIr )l'fhl'r .I rt'lllllllllll lliul lhI- IIII'hrymorw ludy wunld bu proud
of. lt'n cute, Il'h‘ll whole load of fun, and It provides in needed brcirlt
131133903)!$12113,erJll;lion;::ﬁ)xzJuli]! film“! and the clrwiic (irirtuful

. rryn gultur lays down ll firm
rhythmic llltltl, second guitarist [lobby Wuir utcps out to lay down In
utrorigly pluckud lead, and the band luunchen Into mm of tho flnuut
it: aulmllrmcinrizem gzgcuixxugﬂowur. lluntar not down the lyrlcn

1° lovrrrnment was puylng him to

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 

   
  

 
      

 

In January of odd-numbered
yours when new congresses first
convene, invariably one of the
first issucs to bc rcvivcd and
rchrrshird is. thrI seniority system
of selecting committee Cllﬂlr'
men. And as sure as tho sunrise,
1973 will prnvc no exception.

'l‘hI- long-slnndiug tradition of
sI'lI-cting the most scriior cnmm
lll.('l‘ mcmbcrs of thc mnjorily
pany to fill the anI-rl'ul choir-
mnnships is one of Mir fI'w
organizational IlIspuII-s which
Mr-mlwrs of (‘nnng-sm luuudcr
publicly, rI-gIIIIIrIy :rrid lll‘ult‘llly.
l.rlir- mnsl Ilrspuli-s, IlrI- zrrgu
mcnl Irvcr llll' hl‘llllil‘llV .»_\'~II-nr
wliI-n \IrIppr-d In ils ltilhli'n is
I'wal‘llllillly nirI- lwlwccn llIUhl'
wlin linvr- rmd llinsI- who hiri‘I-ri'l
in Ibis I'nw llllml‘ (‘nring-hsrncn
:rud SI-nulnrs who lrzivc llVl'll,
llll‘l'illly :Iiul pnlilic- ', lnug
I-nnuglr In .rl.Iinii lllt‘ Ill’l'nllul‘ :Iud
powr-r of I'nrmmtlcc ll'il(li'i‘sllll)
illlfl llinsl‘ who :rrI- nowcr ln l.lll‘
('Iingrcssuinnl sci-nu.

Arid ugzrin us Ill most IlispulI-s
lrI-chcn IliIrsI- wlin hirvc unIl
lhosI- who linvvu'l, logic IllH‘h
not ulwrry.» prI-vzril 'l'hc urgu
ml'lll.5 in l'nvnr nf lliI- M‘llltil‘lly
syslcm Inc for Ith mnsl purl
hypntln-(icnl :nid ucgnlrvv, :Ind
nuccssnrily all since mulling I-lsc
liirs rczrlly bcI-n Irri-d, :il Icnsl
Within memory of Lllt' Iivuig. l‘ln-
:rr‘gumi-nls supporting nlhcr
means of sch-cling conimitlcc
lczrdcrship, such as l‘ll'l'llllu ('llilrl'
mi-u by mid from nninugcomm

 

I

 

by Al Scuiir

Wlicn wc I'illlll' llI-N', IliI-y lnld
Us llll‘hl‘ WI-rI- In lrI- lllI‘ lll‘hl
yI-nrs. Irf nlir li\‘I-s WI' Wl‘l'l‘ In
find Iilll Ilnrl IliI-y lrzrd, uh ilrcy
llilll nn w mnny ItllH'r prurian

1H'l'il\|llll\,llilll ll\.|l||'
00‘ .

ll rs illl nIlII Ihing, bcrng .I
I'l'lllll'll'l' MIial IrI Ilrc "prn
lI-xsinnnls" l liirVI- llll'l l'zill Inln u
(.Ill'lllll‘y. They are usually
drunk 'l'lii'y :ll‘l‘ usuully mnrrn-d
mcu whn I'licnl nil llll‘ll' WlW‘h
[\uIl llrI-y .ir-I- usunlly I'vniI'nl In
my curly days of idI-IIlIsIrr, lnsI-d
In sI'i' l,lllh fIIcI rlh 2m nncxplurncd
\Ul'll‘lill [llll‘lllrllll‘llllll AllI'I' wnr'
king nrr :I I-IrllI-gc pnpcr for four
yours, I lwgnn In sI-I- llic I‘xplnn
.ilrnri

Ax il r‘cpnricr, Vnu .Irr- In n
('t'l'l.|lll I-xlwril .In uliliul YIrn
I.rl\I- .I nun.» nI l.nl., lllHl'Nl il,

l'llilrllll ll .IIiIl pr- \l'lll II II. \nrrr

rmdr-r 5n \llll II-.Ir.I||', .mr .n
|‘l1‘l.il mum-- .IiHl 1'\‘I'rrI-I III lul.ll
Ynu I'Iiirrc clnwsl nl I|I\II||4' l
.Illllllmt', In glrirrpxnrr: “IrIIIlr

.‘rnnrr-Inru-n llil‘. I .rrr IlrIII \nu llI
Ill,” I)II.r.ian.r|l\ In IliI-nl nrr
\nur ttrlI- \lltll‘ lllll'll llrnn nnl
In 4'\'|ll|'|'~lll lrrillr ll.l‘r lrcr‘n

.nrnrllrriig lI-n |lr.rir llll'u‘uilll
ilr-w- jI.I.I Inn. \l'-|l'-

ll unl'd lll lrI' .I lIlllI- llllll‘ll’lll
IIII .r lllllt‘)1|' pan-r YIIII nn|\ lI.iI|
\Illll II|l|Vl'|-'-|l\ In I IrrIII-IIIl wrilr
III. ll >l|llll‘l|l*. \l-llll‘ll ,u-IIIIIg

‘.lllil IlIiuir l|I InlIl llllrllll ,riul
linlu \IIIIr nun .IgI- .rIrIl \iillllpll
.I.IrII-Il jLI'llInji, n.i|r.IlinI-Il r

innplIv nl llIliIl‘..I|lll inrlI-r- .Iw.I\
III .I plIrI'c lillll‘ll VII-Innm And
\llll liI-gnlr In llllllll llllllll‘l'llllll‘.
Ynn bI-giin Irpnrliirg lllllhl' lilllfl‘r
nl Ilirug.» nr vnIn collIng- [lulu-I
Ynli bI-gnn lll I'l'illl/l‘ lllill your
IIrriw-rurly wmnr'l lhlllllll'll rm lllt‘
vali ynu lllll'l‘ lll'lll'VI'll told
you ll wru. You MIW Ilu- hilllll'

FRIDAY, DlL'CliIMlilrlR 8, 1972

iltce members, are, on the other
hand, significant and persuasivu.
Yet the system, like the aging
pntriirrchs who benefit most
from it, lives on.

The most cffI-clivc argumcnt
for retaining some semblance of
the scniorily system is that long
periods of scrvicr- providc llic
cxpcrrcncc commillcc cliziirmI-n
riccd to bc cffcclrvo. But effch
lVI‘llt‘Sh is only om- characteristic
Iif lcndcrsliip, and tho ubiliLy lo
bI- ('l(‘('lf’(l ovr-r :Ind ovr-r ngniir
(luvs nuI nI-ccssnrily rl’fll‘Cl IhI-
liighI-sl dI-grci- of coiripI-lIrncv.
lrrrle-d, IliI- sI-niIirily syslcrri
rucnus IhIIl the bulk of comm-
rllI-I- l(‘l|ll(‘r§lll|) posts are held by
I‘(‘[l|‘l'hl'lllill|Vl‘$ from linl'c, IiriI-
p;rr|y Illslrrcls and slides. Nlull's
which often urc .srnzrll, unIl
whnsc rcsrdr-nls llfll'll hold wow.»
lllffl'l'l‘l'lL from lhI- mrrjanly of
AmI-ru'zrns on rnrrriy rmporluul
IssuI-s.

'l'hI- Irmr II .. comr- l'nr chnngc.
zrud wl ilI- Ll'lt‘ M'llllll‘lly system is
lllll likely In crumblI- in Irm-
nl‘hnl m, particularly in the
Hi-nIIIc th-rI- ri-l'orm rs mnrc
urgI-ully nI-i-dI-d, ii is possible
l,li:rI snrru- Ili-ril.s could bc mode
In lil7ll. ll's worth 21 Iry by lhc
nI-wcnmcrs zrrrd nihcr firsl II-rm
SI-nzrlors. As for pri-scnl comm
rll.I-I- churrmcn. if lliI-ir I'XDt‘r-
ii-nI-i- has Illllt'l‘fl nurdc llri-m
mnsl (juleIl'ii-Il for Ilic job, they
slinuld hIIVI- unlhrng In four

women’s forum

 

Sexism in the Job Market

by Alice Kenin

At least om.I senior at SUNYA
has already encountered sonic of
the harsh uriplerisantry of the
“real world." Realizing that May
is fast approaching, 1 recently
visited the Plnccmcnl Office in
scrrrch of information on Cill‘CI'l‘
()pporlunltics. The first timc l
was llrcrc, l spoke with ll rnlhcr
hl-Ipl'ul mun who gnvc mc somr-
general lips and thou :lflVllil'fl mc
IIr l‘l'llll‘ll the following wm-k an
llllll l could lillk ln rrrrnllii‘r
counsI-lnr who Would bI- lnltri'
fumilinr Willi my “gr-ril-rrrl" back
ground. I did rclurn, irnd l was
uslicrcd InlIr Iliv Irffii‘v of n
fI-mrrlI- counsclor who wars sup
INN-(I In br- Ilu- person . l’rnm
whom In um die llf‘sl ;r(lVil'l'

(lm- Irf Iliu first ('nmmunls
drrchI-d :II niI- won in I'nmplrm
I-nlrrry orn- my rcsumc hud liI-cn
VI'ry riczrlly organized and lypI-Il
l fl'll I'hI-I-rI-d! Slip prIrI'cI-dI-(l in
I-xplnin lhc blcukiicss of [he jIIlr
liltlt‘kl'l“1l fact which lind rinl
(-xcnpvil inc-mid thi-n zrslu-d il' I
would lrriw- any intcrcsl In lllt‘
"'l'I-III‘liI‘r Corps." lmndc it I'lI-zrr
lhzrl working for :r hlll)$l5ll‘ll(‘l'
salary l‘HflAIlfuI‘ll_\’ would hc out
nl llll' (qu-slrnn slurp I had od-
ui'IIlrnIinl [onus In rcpny shortly
III'lI-r graduation. 'l‘bI- ncxl bil nf
:rIlvu'c l wns nffI-rcd wars In
l‘l'llll’llllll‘l‘ IliIrl “your first job
iii-I-il nol bu Ir pcrmnriI-nl uric,"
which lcl'l mc Willi lhc virgin-
Illl])l’l‘!\5l(lll lllIll she iriI-zml I

would probably be married in
such a short period of time that
I really nccdn'l worry about
such ii lrivinl mutter as a career.
cht, l was told that I should
try to focus on an appealing
gI-ogruphiczrl location. Would I
likc to bc :1 receptionist in an
exotic boll-I in Florida? ()r 11
slcwurdcss" I quickly iiitcrjcctcd
at this point. sincc I fell my
Inlcnlions wr-rc bI-ing misrczrd
:rnIl I-xplninI-d lllul l was really
iriII-rcsli-d In bcrng involved in ll
I'nrr-I-r Irf sumo lypc. l mldcr
slum, lll:Il l rnrglrl llIlVl‘ to start
In zr low Illinllltlll :Il first, but I
was not lll‘l'pul'l'll for this!
lpornlcdoul LhIrI I could luer
pI-rlnr'mI-ri zrny of livsc jlrllS
wrihnul ir cnllcgo I-ducnlinn,
u'lu'rcupnn sliI- nng-cd, lrul. cx-
plzrincd Ilizrl :I ll A 'I‘W‘ll 4r doub~
lc mirjnr ll.A. -wnu|(l bc relative-
ly llh‘Oli‘liN in II morms of scouring
ll job. By now, I was fl'l‘llllﬂ
Mllllt‘wllitl hllilkf‘ll l)l'l'illl.‘il' l slur
led In rmrlizv llinl this woman
wrrs rrclurrlly ﬁl'rlllllﬁ. llul l was
not lhrnugh lrI-nig shiickcd. 'l'hI-
nI-xl suggI-slrnn was lllul I think
:IliIrul llll' rIli-rr of living it “llurr
riv” ill the Play liny lflub In
NY. (No,| um nol kidding. llinpu
lo (lod slll' was, lrul l gnl llic
for-ling llurl lhIs was slruighl
:rdvicc).

Why um I writing llllh urticlc‘ll
lllll wrilmg erli llll' llUIH' thzrl
Iilhcrs Will be hplll‘l'll llll‘ dI-prcs

The End of a Dream

kind of hypocrisy, llll' numi' kind
of prnlrlcms and rill loo ol'lcn,
lhc snml- kind of dI-cI-Il :rnd
I'naninn rrghl llt‘rl' in die Illll
w-rsny ;r~. ynu hllW Ill llnrl “Irul
hllll' would," ()rily hcrI- ll Wm
li.Ir‘IlI~r In IlI'Ir-I'l lll'l'illlhl‘ rl wris
.~.lrrnudr'd rn Ilic World of llll'
lll'llfllllll‘lull ll Wiln lcss blulrrnI
llnl ll wars IlrI-rI-. :InIl rl' ynu WI'I‘I'
.In l'lllllll' Inr' 1| II-pnrlr-r) .‘lllll yIru
lind hull :r brunr, \‘nll llllIll‘l'\lr|llll
lllhl wliIIl IliI- hull was going on
And you I-Irmc In npprcciulc
IiftI-u

Wll\ l't‘liirl‘ll‘rh "nui IIrI-I-I-
wound up lllfl‘ an iiinuy IlrIirrkI-n

(ll‘l'l'lll'l.h
r i 4 4 A

l .rm .r Nl'lllltl rinw :urIl l l'l‘illllJ‘
.I Icw days .ign Ilr:II my chi» u.
Ilrc lIIsI I‘l.I-.:‘ In I'Xlll‘l‘ll'lll‘l' lliI'
~.IIIIlr-rrl “rcvnlulinri” nf l'nIir
\l'.ll'. .Ign 'l'lII' Insl III i'I'iriI-mlwr
“lll'll llll' lll'W‘. nl \lllfll'lllla lrnv
Irrp llll llll' ull<il Iilll Ill llll'lll (In
.I InllI-gc rumpus nn .r w.iIirr
~|)|Ill)' Il.r\ ulrll illll'l‘ll'll liI-nplr-
l‘liI' l.I.\l lll Il‘ll||'ll|lll‘l llll' lrunl
r.IIIIIrI nl llll' "pro llvnI-II-I" «luv,
lll'll' wlrI-Ir \‘nnr lIrI'nl .lllllllllh
II.IInr wax .i llllll' rnan- IIli-nlil
I.rlr|I~ .ru Ilrr~ lrllllllll‘i pig .\IIIl
llllllillllll.ill‘l\l, IbI- Insl In II‘
llll'llllil‘l IlII- l'hlll'lll'llt't‘ nl .l||
ll|‘||l“ .II ling ingI-llrI-r \K‘llll .I I".Il
lrnjrr nl «hungiiig Iliirrgs ‘l'linl
lin'llllnl rmxlurc nl I-rrcrm .rrul
Illl'rlll‘dll llldl unrw |Ir.~.I ‘qulll

\‘tlll‘ll' IIrI Ilrr' In.IIl lrnrrr \‘l‘nnd
-.InI l.

.\lII'r wrv ll‘lel‘, ll \\‘Ill nirl\ lrr~
Ir.iIliIInrr, HI .I IIrnlI llrinugh .I
\I'.|lllllllli, Ilr.rl Wlll Ill-llll‘ -.lIi
lll'lll . ll'llll‘llllll‘l

H r lt

l‘iw-ryllnng lids clniugcd |l| lnur
“unit, Id l'ulll'hl' 'I‘linm- Irl in. nu
llll' nI'erpupI-r slrnuld llllVl' Il‘lll
I/.I-Il IluIl IhI- I'nruing Iil llI-iri~/.r-I
lll'll' would munI-linw mirror IhII

coming of lll" "Now Order lllll
IlicrI- 'l‘hcy hIIVI- lIrI-ir Nixon, wr-
linvv our llcriI-xol 'l'hcy hrer
lhr-ir Mclvm lnurd, Wl' linVc our
l)I-:Irr lluusbr-rgcr I-Ijunlnig I‘ll
uI'nlrnrr wIllr Industry 'l'lrr-y
huvc Ihcir ripoff, first food
l\ll'l)t)ll£llll.\, wv hzrvc our VSA
Fund SI'r'VIi'v

If it isn'l, Nixon scllrng you n
wcri-I pI-rIcI- plnn whilr- hc
bomb.» Ilikcs illlfl [)l'ilﬁlllllh, il's
lll‘llf‘lA‘l mouthing lilrI-rnl rvl'orm
III iIrI- promotion and IoriurI-
walcm Wlllll' IliI- Iii-st prol'cssorh
.II lnr. IllllVl'l'hlly gcl ltll‘lil‘d nul
Iru llll‘ll‘ :rxs 'l'lic only difl'I-rI-nr'I-
n. nriI- Irf Ill‘ljl’t‘l‘

400*.

hour VI'nIa Iign IhI- kids. wr-rI-
going In I-lnrngI- Irll of flu.» and
(lungs Wl'll‘ going In ln' dif
ll‘l'l‘lll As .i journIIIIsI, vnu wcrI-
I..Irglri lll IlrI- irrIIIIllI- ngnm, bnl
Illll‘llltf l|rII lnrtl Wllll llll‘ gnIrd,
lll.ll\llIL' llll' \‘illlll‘ Jllflut'llll'lllh,
giving ynui ll‘Illll‘lh “lrulli.” Ynu
WIIlI'lII-d llll' lllllVl‘llll'lIl irl llll‘lll
illlll W'xlll'lll‘ll ll lullc Ilh lIrsl
\II‘IM And “run you erII-lrI-d ll
llII'

You saw Ilic llll‘illlhlll lIuII- Wllll
llll' ullllll'lll‘» whn woul nrr hll’llll‘
IIIIl ln-I-.nr.- III Inrmuiluicnl liuI
li('I.ill'.l' II w..-. "III vnguv" llnII
your Ynn -..Iw II Illt' Willi llll‘
harder». who Wl'll' uran- uIII-r
("-ll'll Ill ‘idllhl‘y’lllﬂ llll'll own
l'ultl‘h Hm” “I l'IglrIrirg (I'llll’l‘h
.Inri YIIu \Villl'lll'll ll clrnlII- In
Ilcnlli llll llh nwrr l'llt'ltllll‘, lzrn
gnrrtli Ill l’ruhlr'ulrnn .rl Ilh UWII
ImpnIcIII'I'

‘I'ln- Irinvvrnr-ul, il M'l'llll‘ll, won
.i...‘rulli-Il lrnm llll erlcn. Mirdinnn
[\vcrruc I'Irnplcd II, ianl now
Vrill lll'ill lliI- irony of dj'rr pop
pi-riug llic hIrrd null on much»
MuchMusiclindio with llll uiibul
u-vublc "Right On!" 'l'liu "pigs"

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ndjustI-d In it. and I-Irpitnlim-d on
the scll'»inlcrcsl of the young.
Nixon l'llllii the draft and rc-
plrrcI-s whilc bodics willi bombs,
Irdrrrinistrnlors slop hassling
sllllll‘lllJi for having :rlr'nhol, pol,
:mIl M'Xllill pIIrlrrI-rs Ill [be dorm
rooms. 'l'lrI-y rrrc foolproof
mclliods l'nr curling “revolt "

llul rrs n journalist, you
wulcliI-d ynur per-rs kill off Lbc
mnvr-iricnl 2n. Wl'll

Sludcnls lll‘ﬂllll In recognize
their (lllllrl'hh'lllll, and the npprcs-
srnii Iif oIliI-rs, bul llwy bungled
IlrI- nll'hhiigl' of muluril (‘Xplllll'
Mimi, and lhc opposed groups
Ilinl should lruvr- prnvrdcd llu-
rrrnsl suppnrl ru llrI- sncicly bc~
I'nml- irlcnllflcd ma "Ilic uni-myH
l‘lrI-rc wns Inn much
H‘llillll‘i' nn simpli- rhr-Inrnr, Inn

or “:r pig
muI'li onsy I-iilr'inr‘IlulInIl.

Ynu szrw ynur folan nl.tl(ll'lll.h
wirm- lnr hum-sly nud ('rilli‘Im-
nIlrI-rs for “playing gumuh." llul
Irving In ll(' lrIIm-sl gnl to bc Ir
gunic, Inn, illlll llicrI- wus too
llllll'll iurrrripulnlinn Ill yoursclf
illlll Ill nlhI-n. In i-VI-r fully trusl
anyone who llllll you "they
wI-ri- lllhl lr'ymg In IiI- llltllI-hl "

b O ‘4 4

l liIIIl ii I'm-nil wliIr lnld mn-
llinI lll‘ llinuglil lllt' ng'nlt-M
IrIIgI-dy nl' Alliuny leIII- (and
rrrnilru ll gr-uI-rnlrnu") wns lharl
IlrI-rI- W(‘fl‘ an runny pI-nplI- Wllu
riI'cIlcil In lll‘ lnvcd, an iriniry
pcnplc wlin rim-dud ln giw- lnvu
.iIrIl Inn Inniiy llllhhll‘h, lnn mnuy
hung ups illlll Inn mnny girnu'n In
rum l'l‘l‘tllll'lli‘ LliI- Iwn llt'l'llh.

'l'liI'II' Will: u an-zrkI-r ul llnd
l'lllll‘ lll lhI- full nf Illlill who
told .in Iillflll‘lll't' “'l'lii-y any that
wc lll‘t' II cool, swinging gcncr
nliIrri. Wcll, wu Ill't‘ llUl II I'oul,
swrugiuu guru-rulion. Wc Irru torn
by nu lull-uriin Wc cIiunol
mums '

 

 

 

sion, the indignation, and the
humiliation that I experienced
during this 20 minute interview.
What right has anyone to take
someone clse's life plans so light-
ly, so casually? What right has
anyone to advise another to per-
form the role of “pretty object”
as an occupation? Would a male
of my capabilities have been
iitlvlscd along similiar lines (cg.
told to he rr doorman)? I doubt
it! What Is this woman's advice
for rm “unattractive” womunv
prostitution? Do other minority
groups rccvivc the some lrcal-
mom (“.51. does 2: black girl gcl
ndviscd to u (lonicslic'.‘).

l rrm nol lllllll‘l‘sll‘d in carrying
out n pI-rsonul vr-ndcltu against
(his counselor. She must bclr’uru'
that shc is trying to help slu-
dents. Howover, in an Pl‘ﬂ when
women rm- finally receiving thI-ir
long ovurduu rights and having
their mental powcrs ill“
knowlI-dgcd :rl Inst. this woman's
philosophy is not only out of
plilCl', but psychologically very
(lririgi-rnus, I just wish llizrl l bud
had the presence ol'mind to pull
my thoughls IngI-lhcr righl then
“lid to express my anger. ln-
stcud, l was too astounded to
speak and could think only of
getting myself out of that office.
My ricwlylound “awurcness”
was too badly sliirkcn to react as
l know I should have I found
myself wandering around thut
dIIy wondering if, indeed, I hard
been misled in thinking 1 could
ever make it in a man’s world as
u real person.

l have rccovcrcd. In fact, I
huvc rocovorcd I-nough not only
to wrilc this article, but to want
to do something about cduuuting
pi'uplc who still want to keep
women “in their place." The
l’IIiccmcrit Office, l um sure, can
bc 2r sourcc of valuable infor-
ruzilion for us all. But, at the
vcry ll‘lllil, it. should attempt to
give unbiased, unprcjudiccd ud-
vu'c. A». a rriutlcr of fact, aside
from individual counselors need-
ing to br- ar little more open-
minded, Llu- l’IucI-mcnl. Office
itself needs to by updulcd. This
is in time when blacks IInd
women are being lllrr'd, not ig-
nan-d. lu runny cuscs, womcn (n5
wcll irn blacks) Irrc L-ch being
hired bi-fnri- llll'll...itll(l I don't
mcIrn Ilh nti'wurdt‘sscul Why
wrrsrr'l Llina I'm-l l'Vl‘l’ num- mcn-
ironed lo mo‘.‘ I feel that n
lllllVl'rhlly bus :r responsibility to
lll‘ ut ll‘llhl currcul with the
irrl'nrrrnIl.ron il Ilispcnscs. Fur-
llll‘l, Ir lllllVl'rhIly which claims
to bc nn I-riliglilcucd Irnd l'll’
ucnlcd community should strivc
lo uphold IlI-Iriocralic l(ll'lllh and
to providc l‘llllill uppurlunillt's‘
for all It is hrrrdly filling thrIl
any purl of lllln univcrslly
should I‘hoosc Lu propogiili- llll'
hl'xllil. myths lliIit lich for .m
long held wonu-u lll subjugation.
Isn‘l lhvrI- I'nnugh bigotry In the
world In large?

Looking on tho bright sidc of
things, though, I luch nl lr-nsl
Iii-cu |)f'l'[)lll't!(l for the kind of
prejudice thIrt IIwuilis mI- In tliI-
ruul world Wlll'll I chch this
idyllic uuttiuu in May!

PAGE 5A

