 

 

     
 
  

PAGE 14

 

by Robert Verini

THINGS WENT BADLY IN
WESTPHALIA, by Martin Sher-
man, is a rather poor product of
the Dalton Trumbo “hit 'em over
the head" school of play-
wrighting; from it, however. di-
rector W.C. Doscher and a com-
pany of eight capable and em
thusiastic performers have created
an enjoyable and all-too-short
evening of theatre,

Frankly, the les. said about the
play the better; it's l simple-
minded affair chronicling the ad-
ventures of “Joshua”, a rock
singer/culture hero, as he travels
around the United States of a
not-too-distant future. in which
chaos reigns as all forms of hatred,
bigotry and prejudice surface in
random violence and death. He
experiences more perils than
Pauline in his encounters with
grown-up thalidomide babies, mil'
itant gays, motorcycle hoods,
Southern rednecks, etc., in his
efforts to get to the fabled
“Flower City"—which, upon his
arrival, is the scene of more tra-
gedy. Sherman's message seems to
be that to avoid all this misery we
must love each other, hardly an

The Great American bony Symphony

WWW!

earth-shaking thesis. The philoso-
phies espoused are infantile, the
dialogue generally flat.

I much prefer to dwell upon the
production itself, surely one of
the most creative uses of the Lab
II space since the P.A.C. was built.
Doscher seats his audience in the
center, blocking the action around
them. The production scheme is
based upon the rehearsal tech-
nique called "changing gears,"
which consists of instant tran-
sitions of characterization and lo-
cale at a given cue—in this case, a
guitar chord. Thus, as Joshua tra-
vels from place to place (i.e. vig-
nette to vignette) the other actors
must automatically take up new
roles immediately. It is irrelevant
to dwell on the fact that some of
the characterizations succeed
more than others; what is most
important is that the performers
approach each new scene with an
admirable(indeed, essential) verve
and spirit that continually holds
audience interest. I particularly
enjoyed Robert Hebert's chain-
gang philosopher/prisoner; Jody
Hiatt's wordless rendition of a TV
news commentator (that sounds
like a contradiction, but it's a

Light War!

  

- . e_-.“>,._F-~.'—-¢q

rosonberq

(March 1-5,
PAC Main Stage)

Tickets Now 011 Sale!

 

iﬁ' ii-“Ifi'ful’ojlnll’ . i. .1. s lj'iTl,

First on the ai-

  
  

*.j. .j. .,.

u .|. .i. .i. .i. .i. .;.

 

j. .j. .j.i.'. .j. i.'

 
  

February 22, W63

TONIGHT at 8 pm
Phil Chansky presents a look at our
past and a peek into the future of

   
  

 

 
 
 
 

IIIJDILIOI‘JLIDDKJ -

 

  
     

 
 
 

   

    

dazzling bw
beer-guzzling, knife-weilding Hell-
rider chief; and, in perhaps the
show‘s best performance, Robin
Sagon as a garrulous groupie who,
after being flogged half to death
by a Southern'governor's hench-
men, still finds time to rap about
the “plasticity” in Joshua's early
records. I must emphasize, how-
ever, that this company is an
ensemble, in which everyone pulls
his weight, always aware of each
other and their character’s de-
mands. It is they (coupled with
Doscher's obvious talent for this

by Andy Pulley

I have been to great concerts
before. They were by great or-
chestras: Clevaland, Chicago, New
York Vienna, Boston, Philadel-
phia l fully expected to get a
good show out of cvcry one. But
the Albany Symphony? ch, the
Albany Symphony is coming of
age, and surprised me Saturday
night with ll truly beautiful conr
cert. I say “surprised , because
the last concert I saw them play
was the Brahms Second Sym-
phony, and the orchestra seemed
to miss the whole point iiboiit
Brahms. At any rate, it was not
good.

But Saturday night! 'I‘lic first
piece on ihe program was an early
work by Welicrn. Called lllt' l’ussir
caigliii (Opus no I), it has many
extraordinarily bciiutiful
moments. I didn't know the work
(I suspect most pcoplc don't), but
I was impresqu with its varied tone
Colt)l‘S"l!Spt’Clillly in its quieter
moments. The mulcil trumpet
passages blended wcll with the
strings, and created a fine, lush
sound iiol often heard in music by
twentieth‘ccnlury composers. The
louder sections were dynamic
enough, though I felt that the
briisses were holding back just ii
hit; an excusable thing with such ii
difficult program follownig. Wliiit
delights me is that I don‘t have to
harp on wrong notes or sloppy
playing—the execution of the
chcm was, as far as I could tell
from my balcony seat, flawless.

67

 

 

 

CE Fin
r’
I

028 STATE STREET (oft R

FHEI: PARKING Al G»

amp airtime SEASON'
{Lt-Jada Ilom Racism»!

g“; Chinese American Foods

Serving 7 Days a Week
I 1:00 am to l0:00 pm

,ifor Reservations and Catering call: 370-0l60

    
 

J,

   

".42 Nu
Kathleen Collina‘ kind or semi-improvisational

theatre) that makes this show
click.

Unfortunately I must report
that ultimately the show fails to
move, to really hit our emotions
and provoke serious thought. We
rarely care or feel much for the
major character and his many
torments. This is hardly the fault
of John Kearns, who plays Joshua
with honesty and an often beauti-
ful simplicity, but rather that of
author Sherman, whose concep-
tion of the character is fuzzy at
best. Often it becomes a case of

The Mozart symphony which
followed, No. 28, provided not
only an acceptable relief from the
often harsh dissonanccs of the
surrounding works on the pro«
gram, but also a fine hearing of a
great, but rarely done, symphony.
Alfred Einstein claims that this
symphony has the same elements
of perfection as docs Mozart‘s last
three monumental works. In
terms of slylc and form, perhaps
they do. I certainly think it. is
cule~l‘m not sure if it is as
monumental as I'm supposed to
think it is.

One thing about. the orchcslra
stood out ltt‘rl‘, and that was
.lulius Hcgyi's conducting. Not
only did llt‘ conduct lhi- criliri'
conccrl from mcmory, ll: ll'tl thi-
orchestra in as clcar and lucid a
style as I have over scl‘it‘hll tlic
grciit conductors included. llis
boat, is very ciisy to follow, and hi-
seems to flow with the music,
making just the right gcsliiri-s here
and there We must remember
that it takes ii grciil conductor to
build a great orchestra, and givr~
ci'cdit wlil'ri' crcdlt is due

Again, the execution of the
Mozart was cxccllcnl. savc a drop
of sloppy playing in the strings
and oboes. This was soon forgot»
ten, though, iind the presto Finale
carried the piece to ii close.

The next work was a little more
interesting. Entitled “Ventaniis”
(Windows), it was written by the
Mexican composer Silvestrc
Revueltas in Will, nine years be-
fore that composcr's untimely
death. The piece is generally frec~
form (it might have liiid ii pro-
gram, blit Revucltiis comments

    

I.

 
 

t

  
  
 

-.

est Cantonese Dishes

out6146l SCHENECTADV
~ anl

 

 

   
  

  
   
   
   
    
  
 

   

rosennerg

 

 

confines. I yearned to see this
group create their own show from
scratch, much as Peter Brook did
with the Royal Shakespeare Com—
pany with TELL ME LIES. Never~
theless the show as it stands
should be seen (it‘s to be re-
peated—outdoors—in May), pri-
marily as a fine example of a
group of serious and dedicated
young professionals getting to-

gether, deciding to cut the crap.

and dolhmlre, And that, ladies
and gentlemen, is what this art
form is all about.

Brilliant

that he forgot it anyway), with
many exciting moments, and
many moments that I like to call
“pseudo-exciting." These are cli-
maxes that occur without. any
need~redundancics, if you will.
There is a definite difference be
tween thiI two, although it is it
diffcrcncc that can only be full
emotionally.

'I‘licrc was no holding back by
thc Symphony here All tlic parts
were cVIchit in full force. though
thc brass . seemed lt)i)V1‘rl)iUWztl
tiincs, drifting ii tiny bit out of
time. ()n the whole, though, the
cxrcution was \ici'y iicccptaldo,
and thc much Violin parts ncai'
thc cnd ciimc through wclt In
addition, ll gavv ihc illltllt'llCl'
something to think about during
inlcrmi"ion.

l confcss hcrc-and-now that the
piccc I rczilly Wanlcd to lll‘lll' was
the Ii‘licnisli symphony liy Itobi-ry
Schumann. It is a work as familiar
to me as the back of my hand.
and one which I was Slll't‘ lllill lllt'
Albany Symphony would. judging
by their performance of “11'
Brahms, bomb niiscriihly Hui
they didn't bomb ll. 'l‘lii-y playcil
it very wull, especially considering
that II was the last work on a
well~stockcil program. Not only
are the tone colors difficult to
match up, there are iilso some
backbrciiking, tiring things for the
French burns to play—the last
movement is as tiring us the first.
The tempi were bright and cheer-
ful when they were supposed to
be, and pondering in the third iind
fourth movements. The orchestra
was as tight as can be during the
first three movements, almost as
tight as can be during the first
three movements, almost as tight
in the fourth, and just ii wee bit
tired in the finale But ll was
much better than I liiid I‘Vt'l' cx
pcctcd. and compared favorably
to Boston‘s rendition of II which I
heard over the holidays.

The Albany Symphony is much
iinprovcd in the past few years,
and will continue to iiiiprow,
pi'ovuliid the financial support
holds up My lhc time illl‘ new
(‘ultiiriil (‘i-nlcr of llic South Mall
ipcns up in ii few years, we might
iich ii truly top notch symphony
ii clilcrlnlli lltc ciitii'iI upsldic
Il'l'll Ii is certainly licading iii “I”
right direction

 

   

*Wi’

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1972

 

  

‘ A Don McLean Gallery

 

 

 

.mvmsmeMmmN ..

 

   
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 15

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Photos by Arthur Goodman

Joe Hill: Story of An Early American Radical

Slicltcr/LIBERATION News Service

At the turn of the century, a socialist revolution ilppt‘ill‘l‘tl as a very
real possibility in the United States. Two decades of radiciil union and
anarchist organizing hiid inspircd a rebellious attitude among workcres
which makes the complaints over Phase Two look like a lovers'
quarrel.

Repression and official violence fanncd the flames of discontent in
the crowded, dingy, and rapidly growing cities of industrial America.
In 1886, eight anarchists were executed for allcgcd participation in ii
riot at Chicago's llziymiirkct Sijiiiirc In 1892, l“l'lll‘l’ill troops crushed
the I‘IOml‘Sll'INl Stccl strikc, in lHil-t, tlic I’ulliniin striln- Busincssmcn
and government fought hitti-rly against altcnipis lo organizi- workers
and lived in riglilcous fear of revolution And radical ideas spread Ill
i-vcry dircclion.

In lll(l~l, tlic yciii' licfiii'i' llic liidusli'liil Workers of the World
(l.W.W.) was l'iiundcd, I'Iugciic \’ llt'lth. Socialist candidiilc for
l’rcsidcnt, polled miirc than »Illll_lllltl \'||lt'.\, .iiid by ltllﬂ. lll'ilrly oni-
million. In lllt‘ scconil ill'l‘illlt‘ iil' lll|.\ i'i-iitiii'\'. llit' govci'nniciii ilcciilcil
lo stiigc :i ilccisch attack on the popular |‘.|Illt'.ll\

'I'lic Inul‘ilci' of Jim llill siiiigwi'itvi' .iiiil iii'giiiiiu-i' loi‘ llll' l W W
(also known as tho “olihlii-xi, Ill lfllfi sigiiiilli-d llll' lwgniiiiiig of lllt'
sysii-ninllc ilcslriiclniii ot .i tiltH‘I'lllt‘lll .i i'.niip.iigii Ili.it ciidi-d
roughly ii ilccaili' lilll'l‘ \\'|lll Illl' cxcculiiiiis iif Sacco illl(l \"llIl/i'fil

'l'lii-rc is now ii filiii I'illll'll “Joe Hill", inndc by lil’ “'“ll'fl’t'l‘ui ii
Swediin dircclor Much more is known about other \\'ohli|ii-s, hut doc
is now at the ci-iiii-r of their mythical li-giicy Ilc hail bccii .i Wobbly
only four ycrirs Wllt'il llt' was :iri'csli-d but ho had already written many
spirltcil songs of illl‘ workci‘s' struggli-

As lic ilWIllll'tl i-si-ciition, ll|.\ corrcspiindi-iicc Willi It'll/.iihclli Hurley
Flynn and Ihg ltill Ilziywood, i'i-fIi-cti-d ii man concerned Wllll
revolution, not With di-aih His last lltlll‘ In lliiywood is surely llll‘
most poignant in Anlt'l‘lt‘llll labor history

"Goodbye, llill. I die ii lruc bliic rclnrl Don't waste timc mourning
()rganizr “

As for lhc inovic, wcll, it's not quite .loc Hill and it's not quite the
Wobblics, as John from Shelli-r, Kansas (‘ity's underground, argues in
this review:

With a title song by Joan Ilia-7., iin ad With a sturdy handsome man

criidling ii guitar, and his life summed up in "NH phrase” “.loc did
more than complain about the world., he changed ll, the film
industry thought it had it Wlllllt‘f. Willi ciirri-nt intern-st in rcvolu»
limmry" films at an iill How high, the industry knew Joc lllll Would
pay good rcliirns They were right.
“Joe llill"fits bciintifully into what is by now ii cinematic cliclic the
portrait of a rebel (who is invariably ii Iosi-r) The Industrial Workers
of the World, much pcrsi'cutt'd during its cxnilcncc. min-h roman
licizcd since, into-s .I back sent in its most colorful inzirtyr. In Incl. tllv
film iiiinii more than one bvlow the belt blow in. the IWW

Two party"regu|ars"iiwaiting the outcome of Joe's trial on charges
of murdering a grocer, cynically wonder if the cause will be better
served if Joe'is found guilty and martyred than if he wins the case. Joe
is found guilty and the film moVes into an overplayed execution
scene.

After his body is cremated, the party grinds up his ashes and mails
them to chapters around the world in a contrived envelope-licking
scenc. The ash-mailers are not even dedicated enought to resist
interrupting their task to enjoy a Lollicking dance upstairs, and
casually joke, “Joe wouldn't mind." The effect is to elevate the
romantic individual while putting‘ down the collective efforts of a
revolutionary workers union.

The movie cleans up Joe's character so he will be ii more appealing
rebel. There is a heart-rcnding scene in which Joe pleads with his jailer
to lock the doors of his ccll so he won't escape throught the fault of
his friend. This strays far from the historical Joe Hill who barricaded
himself in his cell when the guards came to take him to the firing
sijiuid. In the cod, hc fought them off with a broken broom stick
riitlicr than submit.

'l‘wu hiickiicycd film riilcs iirc griiftcd onto the story, both of them
\voiiii-ii's riilcs. There is a short. si-ijiicncc will] ii wronged lover, who
.liu» Imiri-s carelessly behind when he dccidcs to mch on . And then
llll‘l'l' is .in iiiiiillnlinililc bciiiily whisked away from Joe by an opcra
\l.ll‘ Shi- .ippi-zirs lillt'l' in tlic film while Joe is singing on organizing
song in .i crowd. .loi- runs to her gleaming carriage and grips her arm
and [hi-y gam- hopelessly into each others liquid cycs.

The film does have strengths. But I kcpt feeling that it could have
liccii ai grcal iiiovu- if the money-hungry film barons had kept hands
off and Ii-fl production of the film to someone who had ii political
niiili-rstandiiig of tho film siibjcct. 'I'hc Wobblics, hobo radicals with it
down home style, iicvcr cann- across With clarity.

The film does catch ii glimpsc of the free speech campaigns of the
\Vobhlics when a town biins radical street speccl .‘5. Hundreds of
Workers would stream into town during these campaigns. eiich man
wailing his turn to climb onto the soap box and be arrested until the
town would finally givc in because the price of trying everyone was
too high,

A scene of rcprcssiun in the film comes through strongly when a
Vigilante biiiid rounds up a group of workers and forces them to kiss
tlnI flag and sing the national anthem or how: the 'shit beat out of
them. There is a short and historically accurate scene in which a train
from (Yoloriido dumps ii load of striking miners in the middle of
Kansas so they can‘t interfere back in the mountains when scabs are
brought into the mines to take their places.

And of course the romantic freight hopping scenes would warm
anyone, especially if you've done your share of hitching rides.

Leaving the theater, hiiving spilled several dollars into someone else 's
pocket to see another film industry radical, I dreamed a bit~if only
we could get our hands on some good film making equipment and
learn how to use it.

 

U "

 

 

