 

 

 

International

NEW DELHI -AP- Prime Minister Indira Gandhi is
home from Bangladesh with a 25-year defenle~and
friendship treaty between India and the new nation
her army brought into being.

The prime minister said on her return Sunday
there were prospects of pence talks with Pakistan
but she gave no indication she was in any hurry to
get them started.

The pact signed at the end of her two-day
visit to Dacca provides that if either India
or Bangladesh is attacked, the two govern-
ments will consult to “take appropriate, effective
measures to eliminate the threat."

Mrs. Gandhi and Prime Minister Mujibur Rahman
of Bangladesh also joined a joint declaration that
India will cooperate in trying "those guilty persons
...responsible for the worst genocide in recent
times," meaning the slaughter of Mujib’s Benglalis
by the Pakistani army and its collaborators in the
last nine months of 1971. -

BEIRUT, Lebanon -AP- Forty South Yemen
opposition leaders were tricked by the Aden govern-
ment into reconciliation talks last week and then
murdered, the official Saudi Arabian news agency
reported today.

It said the alleged massacre has increased tension
between the Yemen and South Yemen to “warlike
proportions.”

Earlier reports said the two countries had closed
their common border and put their armed forces on
alert.

The agency said the victims belonged to the Front
for the Liberation of Occupied South Yemen -
FLOSY - headed by labor leader Abdlllla Asniig and
former Premier Abdul Kawi Mckkawi.

It said the 40 FLOSY leaders left Tai's last week
for ii reconciliation meeting in the South Yemen
border town of Sbeiha.

“Shortly after their arrival in series of mine
explosions demolished the big tent in which they
Wt‘rc resting, iind all were killed instantly," the
report :ciid.

MOSCOW -Al'- Communist party chicf Leonid I.
Brezhnev said today Soviet leaders will talk with
President Nixon in May from "l)usiucss~likc, realistic
positions" and with the liclicf improvement of
Soviet-US. relations is possible.

   
 

Speaking to the opening of the 15th congress of
trade unions in the Kremlin, Brezhnev said Nixon 5
visit could take an "important place" among meet-
ings between world leaders. '

"We understand very well what the significance of
the condition of Soviet-American relations has for
the life of the people of both countries and for the
entire international situation,” he said in a speech
reviewing soviet foreign policy.

But in an apparent reference to Soviet support of
North Vietnam and the Viet Cong, he said any
improvement in Soviet-American relations would
not be “at the expense of some third countries or
peoples. not to the detriment of their lawful rights
and interests."

National

WALPOLE, Mass. -AP- Prisoner unrest which
authorities have blamed in part on hostility between
some guards and inmates has flared into violence at
Walpole State Prison for the second time in three
days.

Guards armed with clubs and wearing helmets
Storm“ inmate-erected barricades Sunday night
after 18 prisoners refused to enter their cells as
ordered in a prison-wide lockup.

In an ensuing melee. the prisoners were forced
into their cells. but five inmates and two guards
were injured.

The violence followed a day of talks between
prison officials and inmates in an attempt to resolve
grievances which authorities said led to a major riot
Friday night.

The Friday night disturbance involved an esti-
mated 150 of the 624 inmates confined at the
maximum security institution.

Stale

NEW YORK ~AP- Vice President Spiro 'I‘, Agncw
says he and the Nixon administration prefer "dili-
gent, strict law enforcement" that doesn't “agonizc
over the root causes and conditions of crime."

Agnew was loudly applauded and cheered Sunday
during a Ill-minute surprise appearance at a coni-
niunioii breakfast gathering of city policemen.

"I'm sick and tired of reading that when a

 

ll Story of Injusliae:

Tlie Ogle/a Sioux

‘

News Briefs... News Brigfs...News Briefs...

policeman goes into the streets to fight crime and
takes his life in his own hands, that he’s overrcac.

ting," Agnew said. “There's too much talk of police

brutality and overreaction."

In his brief remarks to about 3.500 members of
the Police Department’s Holy Name Society, the
vice president said his cross-country travels have
shown him "things are changing- appreciation for
law enforcement is on the rise."

NEW YORK -AP- LIFE magazine charges that ll“.
Nixon administration "has seriously tampered will.
Justice in San Diego" in an effort to protect sonic of
its most important friends there from criminal
prosecutions. The administration denies the charge

In an investigative report published Sunday. LIFE
said it had learned that “the administration has Ill
several instances taken steps to neutralize and
frustrate its own law-enforcement officials" by
delaying prosecutions. curtailing investigations and
other means.

A White House spokesman denied that Nmm
favored the site.

NEW YORK -AP- Eleven state officials have her-n
named in two legal suits asking that “inliiiinaiw”
conditions at the Willowbrook State school for [be
mentally retarded be declared violations of palu-nls‘
constitutional rights.

The New York Civil Liberties Union and [lie Imgal
Aid Society, which filed the suits Friday in I‘ 5
District Court in Brooklyn. asked for hearings lo
determine “constitutionally minimum standards"
for the institution.

Both suits asked the court to enjoin the officials
from allowing current conditions to continuc and
the Legal Aid Society called for an “cvciuuul
phasing out altogether of Willowbrook."

Two to three patients die each week there. llu'
suits alleged, often by choking on food. some
patients have spent from one to five years in Nlllllill‘)
confinement. some have been forced to wear llrllii'
soaked clothes and others no clothes at all. llu-
plaintiffs charged.

The complaints charged that the dcfenrlciiis h.ul
“full knowledge of conditions at Willowhrook .lllll
had the power and authority to change them. but
nonetheless ‘created, fostered and condoncd Irv
than minimal standards of treatment.’ "

 

 

 

 

 

GORDON, Ncb. (I.NS)-—
February 12 was just an ordinary
Saturday night for the folks at
the American Legion Hull—they
were carousing it up. drinking aiid
dancing, when five of them went
out and dragged in a 51 year old
Oglula Sioux lndian named Ray-
mond Yellow Thunder. After they
pulled his pants down he was
taunted iind ridiculed. The five
then pushed him outside. beat
him and went back to the dance.

A week later. Feb. 28. Yellow
Thunder was found dead in a car
in a used car lot. Cruise of death—
cerebral hemorrhage from
beatings on his head.

That was the last straw for the
Indians who lived in Gordon, the
border town of 2100 people, anii
those from the Pine Ridge and
Rosebud Reservations just over
the Nebraska-South Dakota bor-
der.

By the first week in March,
1300 Oglnlu Sioux lndians had
come down from the reservations
to investigate what really hap-
pened.

In the meantime. five people-
four men and a woman—were
finally brought ln but merely
charged with manslaughter and
“false imprisonment". not murv
dar. The five were well known
around the town. The gang had
raped a number of women—~both
Indian and white—with broom-
iiticks. They had also been known
to run iintelopcs until thil animals
dropped and then castrated them
for fun. No one ever filed ii
complaint on them because funi-
ilics of the victims were often
lhrcalciu-d ahoiit what would luip~
pt'll if they opened their mouths.

Ilul Ihis liiiic u was different.
The Sioux. sonn- wearing their
traditional ollit'rii
Wearing upside down Anicrii'iin

cm at lliilt‘h.

flags, came to town and took over
the town hall for a night. They
decided to call llicir own Grand
.liiry to find out what happened.

'I'licy li'slil‘icil about Yellow
'l'liuiidcr's murder as Well as what
il was like for them, wliosc an-
ccsliirs \Vl‘l't‘ llll‘ original owners
if the land. to be confined to
small splolchcs lliat the govern-
ment calls reservations. Of the
H.000 people who live on the
Pine Ridge Reservation. most
everyone lives in tents or Lar paper
shacks with dirt floors or iii aban-
doned cars. The government cin-
ployces have cabins.

Welfare Problem

On the reservation there are very
few jobs to be found around and
very few Indians are eligible for
welfare. There is a state law which
says if you own land you can't get
welfare. The Sioux on the reser-
vation have had the laiirl held in
trust for them by the government,
which means that besides making
them ineligible for welfare, they
can't rent. or sell the land without
going through years of. what one
Indian activist called “white
tape". One 75 year old woman
had applied for welfare for [3
years but because she gets $500 a
year lease money she can't get any
welfare so she must live on that
$5001: year.

Another woman who was told
by the government that she
couldn't get welfare until she sold
her land, sold it to the govern-
ment-for the equivalent of 07
cents an acre. As soon as the
government had the bill of sale
“my ml" her since she liiid
the $4,000 they paid her for the
land she couldn't get welfare.
'I‘luit $4,000 was to last as long as
If it Were $4.000 given to her by
the welfare (lepartiiienl. She is
now living with her 0 grand-

children in a one room shack "I‘ll
as one liuliiiii described ll. “nearly
slarving to death."

Demands Presented

'l‘lic Sioux presented 7 dcmzuids
lo the proscculor. llic mayor of
Gordon. 5; a rqirescniativc of lht‘
governor ’l'lu-y (iciiiandcd llial
the city of Gordon ask for (Ton-
grcssioluil and Justice Depariiiieiil
investigations as wall as a grand
jury, a complete autopsy of
Yellow Thunder. establishing of a
Human Relations Council with
equal numbers of Indians and
whites, the release of two lndians
held in jail iind the suspension of a
particularly racist policeman. All
the seven demands were granted.

“We won - but not completely,
said Russell Means. national
coordinator of the American
Indian Movement (AIM) and an
Ogliilii Sioux. "’l‘lic racism is still
the same. The murder of Ray-
mond Yellow Thunder epitomizes
that racism."

With their initial list of demands
granted, the Indians are extending
their campaign to hit some of
their more fundamental problems.
"We're going to start to confront
the whole dual system of justice “
Means explained. Under the (llllll
system that now exists, a white
person can commit a crime on a
reservation and the tribal author-
iticii can‘t punish him, At the
same time. authorities off the
reservation riircly prosecute
crimes committed by whites on
reservations but do crack down on
Indians who coiniiiil crimes off
the reservation.

The Iiidi i ‘ -

"Indians  m vim [hull
gn nations and
iii) lonch liuViI to how to the
whim of the Federal
incul." said Means.

(Thanks to Gordon ('on
Corner and AIM for llll
niation.)

(ilivom.

iinunii y
:- infor»

 

PAC: 1:. II

“a... .. inconsistent» 1...“... ,<.. a »- -

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

... “mm... "W, N

~. omega...“ .m

was LII1 m
MAIN arms,

FICKLEFINGEK

autumn (int.
i

 

 

 

 

immiiowu

 

— DEBATE —
9%

Notional Coordinator for the Socialist
Worker’s Party presidential candidate

and
Dr. Richard Wilkie

0' the SUNYA Rhetoric and Public
Address Dept

on:
‘Resolved: The Doctrinairc
Soclalist has a Role in

 

 

contemporary American Politics;

March 23

'1

LC 2 at 7:30 pm 

 

 

 

.nuum llllullmltllllllllllltlllllll "-

MARCH ’.’,l, l" "'

team How Pay taro: ‘
Deferred Tuition Bill
Passed by NY. Senate

by Vicki Zeldin
Capital Correspondent

A bill to allow students to learn now and pay later has been passed
by the Senate and sent to the Assembly for action.

Commonly referred to as deferred tuition. the bill would, for the
first time, make available low cost loans to students whose family
incomes exceed $15,000.

Under the provisions of the plan, sponsored by Senate Majority
Leader Earl Brydgcs (Ra Niagara) and over 30 other Senators. a student
would not have to start repaying the loan until one year after he left
school or three months after he becomes regularly employed. which
ever comes first. Students whose family incomes are above $15,000
would only have to pay the interest during this period.

The interest rate on the loans is fixed by the federal government at
7%, and the bill would allow the state to charge an additional V: of 1%
in order to defray the coat of borrowing. HEAC has never charged an
additional interest rate. Currently a student and his parents whose
income exceeds $15,000 must obtain a bank loan at 15% Interest.

Any New York State student planning to attend college or
vocational school in any state would be allowed to borrow money
which would be available from the New York State Higher Education
Assistance Corporation (HEAC) or the New York State Mortgage
Agency (SNYMA). Out-of-state students attending New York schools
can also apply for the loans. The state guarantees 20% of the loan and
the federal government guarantees the rest.

The measure would lower the age of majority so that ii student,
regardless of age, could take out a loan and would also be responsible
for its repayment. Normally a person under 21 must have his parents
sign for, as well as be responsible for, a loan.

Several Democrats debated the merits of the bill at length. Albert
Lewis (D-Kings County) claimed that the measure would in effect be
“placing a greater onus on the student than before..." He cited the
short time that the student would have to repay the loans. and said
that before a student had four years. He stated that a “student was
bonding or hocking himself..." in order to go to school and urged the
Senators to “vote against this motherhood bill."

Democrat Jack Bronston (Queens) termed the program as “long
term governmental support for construction bonds." Senator samuel
Greenburg (D.-Kings County) attacked the state's fiscal behaVIor of
“balancing budgets with cotton thread..."

Majority Leader Brydges discounted the Democratic charges and
stated that the purpose of the bill was to make available to children of
parents who make over $15,000 some assistance to do post-secondary
work. Despite the debate. the measure passed unopposed. '

Last year an almost identical measure was passed unanimously by
both houses, but was vetoed by the Governor. According to-one of
this year's sponsors it was vetoed because HEAC had some objections
to the original measure. but these had now been worked out.

A bill to allow students to learn new and pay later, commme called the deterred tuition bill, has been
passed by the Senate and sent to the Ammny for action. This bill would make available low cost loans to

students whose family incomes exceed: $15,000.

Ceiiird Cami bidoi'ses Access To
"free ml Constructive” Elucalioii

By Ted Liban

Two weeks ago Council was
asked to consider for endorsement
a position statement on the
tuition increase. The tuition pro-
posal was felt to be flawed inw
eral areas, however, and was sent
to the Ad Hoc Committee on
Political and Social Positions. The
report of the committee sub-
mitted Thursday night was in the
form of a bill, which was subse-
quently passed. Copies of the bill
are to be sent to the office of the
Governor. all New York state

senators and assemblymen,
Senator Javitts and Senator
Buckley.

The bill is in two sections. One
explains the beliefs that prompted
the bill. “Free and easy access to a

meaningful and constructive edu-

 

 

Koblenz 

orange blossom
jewelers

 

 

TISSOT

\

 
   

 

(in. mm imun pul am "am m
“(‘0' on iniiw Imimlc claim
and “11‘! an int- giilvun-iim-gu
Nol Ii) llll‘llllull ihe Lnnlldl‘lltf‘
uui gin-i wan inn nililclullv nude
swoi niovcnienl. lulniydctled
luv 7 tall davi licluui limit would
ulnu— |l'

:.-.. .u. an $59 50
"1950
some

 

 

 

 

‘ 239 Central Avenue
518 434-8444

Albany

I l
/ 79/0/77 /////4 mm
'l/m/v/ « {.1 Mm”.

 



ram,

An mommawu mu]

nah .i «Kiowa-nut ln'iitmji"
...,m inn-Jim,
lIo/llilliulliiirliaec .
t' .1!" .inm. mils Lloilcmil
in \I.Hliqlll

 

 

 

10 % Discount

to Students

 

Free Ear Piercing

Service

 

cation is the right of every
American." This line, the first in
the first paragraph. is the basic
premise of the statement.'The
second paragraph states that the
money for the SUNY system is
there. If programs designed for
the sole benefit of the rich would
be removed from the state budget.
SUNY and other programs aimed
at people would prosper.

Within the position statement
are four proposals. Each was
voted on separately and passed by
a voice vote. The first, "Roll back
the tuition to the current levels at
SUNY and maintain the free tui-
tion and open admissions policy
at CUNY,“ was passed with little
dissent.

The second as passed was modi-
fied by the Council. The phrase
“for all New York State resi-
dents" was added. The proposal
now reads. “Implement a free
tuition policy at both SUNY and
CUNY at the greatest possible
speed for all New York State
residents."

The and proposal ran into some
definitional difficulty. It states.
“Establish open admissions pro-
grams for all New York State
residents who have a high school
diploma or equivalent within the
shortest time possible. These pro-
grams should provide adequate

remedial and supportive services
and provide admission to the pro-
grams of ones choice with the
assurance of academic and ethnic
balance among the colleges." It
was feared by some that the term
“open admissions" would be mis-
construed by the legislators. How-
ever most Council members he-

call for remedial programs would
explain the term.

 

By March 28,

 

 

available increased revenue for
public education at all levels," was
also easily passed. An interesting
question was raised by President
Lampert. He pointed out that
there are some programs spon-
sored by the Federal government
which cannot be used by the
SUNY system. How could the
Federal government be urged to
establish programs that could
realistically be expected M be
used? However. most Council
members felt this was not a strong
enough argument to defeat the
proposal.

The statement in its entirety was
passed by a vote of 13-3-3. Many
of those who abstained or voted
nay felt the statement was merely
empty rhetoric that would be
ignored by the public officials it
was aimed at. But the supporters
of the bill hoped Council
members would realize that the
statement is only one step in the
struggle for quality education for
all citizens.

Seating of Commuter
Raises Questions

Mitch Lieberman, elected in the
special election held last week to
fill a vacancy on Council was
seated at the beginning of the
meeting. However. less than thirty
people bothered to vote in the
election. Jack Schwartz. a com-
muter representative. questioned
the legitimacy of the election. He
had a petition signed by several of
his constituents asking for the
invalidation of the election. He
initially wished to have Council
ask for this action. This was deter-

lievod the entire PIOPOS‘“ With "5 mined to be unnecessary. The

individuals involved can be ex-
pected to bring the matter before

The fourihv “Put Pressure 0" the Student Association Supreme
the Federal government to make Conn,

 

APPLICATIONS

for

SPECIAL EVENTS BOARD

1 Available at CC Info Desk
Return to CC 364

l972 at 5:00 pm

 
     

 

 

 

 

MARCH 21 , l972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5

'0.
t,
.2
d .

