 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by John Fairhall

Fact: There are few blacks and
other minority group members em-
ployed at SUNYA.

Fact: The university, through a
policy called “Affirmative Action,"
is seeking to hire more minorities.

Acciisatian: The university,
through “Affirmative Action," is
giving minorities “preferential treat-
ment." That is the charge leveled
against this university by the Anti-
Defamation League of B‘nai B'rith.
In a letter to President Benezet,
Seymour Graubard, national chair-
man of B‘nai B'rith, stated that the
university is illegally establishing
“racial quotas" and giving prefer-
ential treatment to minority group
members. .

The League is attacking the uni-
versity's Affirmative Action Plan,

ivl'ieh is intended to end job dis-
crimination at SUNYA. The plan
was drawn up on the orders of the

Department of Health, Education,
and Welfare, after that department

investigated this school's employ-

ment pruetiees.HEW found that few
minority group members were
employed, particularly in the higher
ranks.

The controversy centers on how
the university should go about

hiring ‘more‘ blacks and other
minorities. HEW wants to see more
minorities employed here in the
coming years, and the university
has responded to this desire. Part of
the response is having department
chairmen and deans predict their
future goals for hiring minorities.
On the academic side it is hoped
that there will be an increase of ten
minority group members (and
women) in the coming year. The
latter is, at best, a "loose" quota—it
does not have to be met.

The League fears that any type of
quota system may result in dis-
crimination against qualified white
Candidates for jobs. They feel that
situations will arise when blacks are
hired only because they are black, a
sortof discrimination in reverse; The
letter by Graubard describes certain
Affirmative Action Plan guidelines
that may result in preferential treat-
ment for minorities.

President Benezet has promised a
detailed reply to the accusations
made by the Anti-Defamation
League. Vice-president Hartley and
Leon Calhoun, director of the
Office of Equal Employment 0p-
portunity, will advise llenezet.

 

LOVE
STORY

March l7 & 18
7:00, 9:00, 11:00 pm

 

LC7

 

 

 

B'noi B’ritli: "Racial Quotas at SUNY "

   

Ctl'l' THIS OUT — We wmt your opinion

 

would make.

 

Send answers to:

The ad-hoc calendar committee will be recom-
mending a permanent pattern for the University
Calendar. We need your opinion:

l. [)0 you favor the current pattern for University Calendar?

2. If your answer is ‘yes,' WHY? Specify any modifications you

3. If your answer to (1.) is ‘no,’ WHY?

Your Status is:

 

 

FA-217, Monday, March 20l
li/cr/Imn‘ to /u- llcltl April I.7 |

funded by student Ir‘lX

Women’s Studies

History of Wunicn in “11' Alm'r
was; It credits. This is a 200 lcvcl
lccturc course. For for the Fall
semester only it will be listcd in

 

 

 

with
Maxim us

it a:
Day Party  '.

Super

featuring: CORNHAKE FARMS from NYC
and another live Bond in the U lounge

 

TH IS SATURDAY NIGHT 

Colonial and Odd Quod’s together again:

St. Patrick's

  

Kathleen Kt'tltlttll.
pcniiission of thc

by l’riifcssiir
(Prerequisite:
instructor.)

For thc iicar fiiturc such i-oiirsi-s
as l‘lntlinograpliy of Women, \Vtr
mcn in Antiquity, Woiiicii In
Europcan History, Winiicii in tlic
Drama, Spanish Wonicii Wiilcis ol
tlic 20|li (fciitiiry, Woiiicii iii A
iiicricaii l’olitics illltl Mon and Win
iiicii: (ioiiipctition and (‘oopcia
tloii, arc anticipated, lt'tllllllL' in
tlic cstalilisliiiicnt of :i M‘t‘lititl
l'ii-lil emphasis III Woiiicii's Stud
"'1‘.

Fur fiirllicr Iiifiiiiiiiitiuii [lll'.'1\t‘
contact .luiic l'I lljlllllt't, to
orilliinliii', Ail lloc (‘iiiiiiiiitlcc on
Woioi-ii’s Studies. History l)cii.ut
inciit,SH3115,1157»Kti4ti.

 

 

AMI I). ll
METRIC POSTER

00 s It) ('1'!

are, , 2am...

 

 

 

Former GSPA Prof. Gets Pension and Job

by Glenn von Nostitz

The state pension gravy train rolls on. Discoveries
of additional state pension abuses made over the
past few months havc been brought to public
attention. aan have prompted sevcrtil state legisla-
tors into taking action to stop the misuse of funds.

Now it sci-ms additional charges arc liciiig leveled
at the Rockcfcllcr :itliiiinistrutioii; it has bccn
suggcstcd by various statc :isscnililynicn that lucra-
tivc jobs are licing distrithch as “political favors."
A ciisc iii poiiil is Byron 'l'. llipplc. l’llpplc, l‘l'L'l'nlly
rctircd from his post as Commissioncr of the
Dcpitrtniciit of Social Welfare, was at (lll(' time it
pro ssor at SUNYA‘s Graduate School of Public
Affilll‘ri. A similar situation was found in tlic cai'lier
l’t‘t’t'litllt)” lllill aiiotlicr stoic i'ctircc. Donald Axel-
rod. was also appoiiilt-d to thc (iSl’A post, and both
cast-s liavc led to cliargcs from sonic (llizii'tcrs that
such posts in GSl’A arc “political favors" ol'fcrcd to
incn with long carccrs in thc state govcrnmcnt.

llipplc bcgaii working for thc statc in 1943 as
assistant to fornicr Social Wclfarc Comniissionci'
llolicrt 'l'. Lansdulc. llc was :ippiiiiitt-(l to a deputy
coltiiiiissioncr's position in the Social Wclfarc De-
purtmcnt, and was tlicn awai'dctl the “SPA post. lie
ioiiicd a 'l‘(‘111ptil‘ttt"\’ State Commission in 1070. and
rcccivctl a salary of sonic $28,000. rcliring last
month Wltll an ziiiiiiial pcrision of $13.42!). liitcrcst-
ltlgl) ciioiigli. ho was rchn'cd thc saiiic day iiilo the
siiiiic position iiiiilcr a “personal sci vicc contract" ill.
ilic ltlt'llllt‘ill $28000 salary In all, llipplc‘s total
incoiiic from stiitc col'l'crs amounts to sonic 3543.429
u ycar.

 

More Discoveries

Hcvcral additional discoveries have bccn madc in
rccciit wccks of Slilll' \viirki-rs who ridc the "pension

Andcrson at $17,000 a ycar. His total annual state
income is above $30,000. Slater is only one of
scvcral cx‘stiitc officials who retired from the state
and rcccivcd lcgisliitivc consultant positions.

Martin P. (Tiitlicrwood retired on a massch state
pension of $28,802 per ycar January 1, 1972 from

  

Assemblyman Clark Wemple lR-Schenoctldleett, and Edwyn
Mason (R-Hobart),right, have introduced bills into the legislature
directed against some of the abuses in the state pension system which
are coming to public attention. They aim to put an end to rehiring top
state official: at salaries exceeding their salary prior to retirement.

mm. A};

  

_. .l. .i .3...» ,  i.. > "my -
Two former hidi state other

at: were at one time or are presently

   
  
     

 

o

.
ill
0
:

   

greater than Donald Axelrod's.

Such incomes frequently exceed the salaries of
Governors of neighboring states. Both Axelrod and
Catherwood make more than the Governor of
Pennsylvania. who is, at $45,000, the third highest
paid Governor with the exception of Nelson Rocke-
feller and the Governor of oil-rich Texas.

Assembly Reacts

'l'wo assemblymcn, Edwyn Mason of Hobart and
Clark Wi-niple of Schenectady have introduced bills
directed against the practice of rehiring top state
officials at salaries exceeding their salary prior to
retirement. Mason has received numerous letters
supporting his stand atiiinst the pension abuses. One
of the letters was written by an Albany State
faculty member backing up "charges" reported in
the ASP that professor Donald Axelrod hiis ll
"conflict of interest" because he was formerly a
Deputy Director of the Budget Division. Axelrud
has strongly denied the “charges,” but Mason feels
that thc GSPA job was a“niceplum"giventohim forhis
service. (,‘omnicnts Mason: ought to be
ashamed of himself."

it has rcccutly bccri 1carncd that Axclrod's wife
also works for the Stiitc University, She is presently
the Assistant [)ircctor for thc Continuing Education
Program at Hudson Valley (Aiiiiiiiiiriity College iit an
undiscloscd salary.

”...lic

Government for the Governors

Mason l'cels that the abuses are a sign that "we are
creating an oligarcliy" and that “this was not the

. Student gravy train." Lloyd E. Slater rclircd on a state 5"“ or thin“ mi“: "i'tl‘m Wils‘lCSlllned for-n "9 Cites
Robert Gibson . . t f p . , . l . 1 .‘ . . ‘
. . h ‘ Univemit College Faculty pciislon of $113,224 pcr your on Dcccnibcr 31, 1970, "-5 “H l‘ r ‘x‘mll’ “5 [‘0 ""PC‘HMVC “(WM-'8 PTOVIdCd
'/\$'75 w'th “am quad card $125 w" 0“ UL“ 3.6 y Staff, and is prcseiitly working as ii tax consultant for f‘" “"19 “mC'i‘lN- ""d “‘0 30‘1"] M11“ Pl’ﬂlﬁ‘ct
/ ‘ Si-iiatc Finance Committcc Chairman Warren M.

TOWER usr clvtlEMA

particularly the posh Legislative Office Building.
Mason claims that he has not moved his office to

"‘§ the new South Mall building because “i wouldn't

havc anything to do with the place."

Mason attributes much of the state's fiscal crisis to
the present situation in which "everyone is depen-
dent on the government," from the person on

 

Delaney & Bonnie & Friends

__.—————-—-'—"-" -  Studies Courses are lhc class schedule as “IS 485 his )osition as Industrial Commissioner, and was , , , , welfare “to the men who receive cxurbitaiitly large
I- I lxyfriigmiiflfd’red for Fall ‘72. In the Colloquium in Comparatch (lultu- Humid Exocmm. [)irucmr "r thoanim Legislative Pmlesso” 3‘ SUNVA S G’éduale SChOO' 0' PUbI'°.A"a”5: locale? "1 pcusions‘” and salaries. He feels that government for
I  I departments of English, History, ral History. '1‘-’l‘h 2:10-11:25; to l)" C(nnnlllll'l' on the 'l‘iiylor Law at $20,000 a your, Draper Hall (above). This has led to suggestions from various the pimple-has cvulvcd into government for those
I , l and Rhetoric and Public Address. taught by l’rufeswr June lluhm-r. 'l‘lius lils total annual stutc income is $48,802 - legislators and officials that GSPA prolessorsliips are often "political whn “rv dmnuthv sow-minu-

: meetan I mm” ""“m’” Will i” “iV‘m' i'wlu‘l' (N‘f‘lm‘rcqmsnes') , favors" distributed to deserving men high in the state bureaucracy.
NOMINATIONS FOR I iug two new additions. Ilii' Rhetoric of llic Worncli s ‘
: 1972-3 OFFlCERS I ENG 313 »- Wonicn Ill Mmlcrn Iﬂghls Minimum”; 3 "ﬂing. Tim
I I,ith‘i'ilurc 3 credits; MWl“ coiirsc is given as ltl’A till/i, 'l'op-
: Mijem.May l 4:10-5:10; taught by l'rofeiisur ics in Contemporary Public Art-
I SE 'nommale I Joan Schulz. dress. MW 4:300:00; to tic taught
l
l
|
l

 

Billy Preston

 

Ken Loggins & Jim Messina

 

(formerly of Buffalo Springfield & Poco)

MARCH 17th... Doors open at 9 pm

$2.50 with tax and ID $5 with proof of age

   

 

 

$.25 with Colonial Tax
$.50 with Student Tux

funded  StUdent tax lA‘II Mplii Minn 50440

__ Allow 3 went“ tor dollvolr
M_ .4

"MW DIMENSIONS "
ONLY 5200 m.“

Come and
Join the Fun!

Colonial Flagroom
8:30 - ?

tickets now on sale in the CC Lobby

  

    

funded by student tax

 
 

 

American Moinc Iiiit

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

a
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 2 MARCH i7, 1972.

 

 

MARCH 17, 1972 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 3

 

   

