PAGE 8

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

UNYA in Solidarity wi

Back in September 1970, Judge Harold
Koreman of the State Supreme Court ren—
dered a decision that threw,the Albany
campus into a frenzy. What it said, basically,
was that student governments could not
spend any monies collected through a man-
datory fee unless trustees of the State
University system reviewed all expenditures
and decided whether they were “educa-
tional, cultural, recreational, or social in
nature”.

In effect, that decision took control of
expenditure of student monies out of the
hands of the students-and put it into the
hands of the administration.

Our student association never appealed the
case because the trustees decided to mandate
their newly gained power of review to the
local level-—-the president of each univer-
sity-—-and that worked out just fine for
Albany State.

President Benezet accepted his new legal
duties but it was “understood” in student
government circles that students would con-
tinue to spend their money pretty much as
they pleased and with little administration
interference.

In short, the system was circumvented
with a minmum of trouble.

Unfortunately. some of Albany’s sister
schools, finding themselves at the mercy of
more-authoritarian administrations, are not
faring as well.

At SUNY-Binghamton, the problem of
administrative control over student funds is
become the concern, we think, of every
student attending a state university or col-
lege.

The student government (USG) at Bing-

 

Environmental Studies

hamton has decided that they don’t want

their univeristy president to have veto power

over their money—and they’re doing some-
thing about it. Unlike President Benezeti

Binghamton Acting President Gordon has

vetoed student expenditures. In October,

1970, he refused to allow the student

government to send a $50 contribution to
the Angela Davis Defense Fund and then
stopped a $200 stipend to the campus Black

Student Union, claiming that these did not

fit into the trustee guidelines.

What the student government has done is
publish a student course evluation booklet
and put the profits from that venture-"some
$500---into a separate account that the
administration cannot control. They plan to
use the money for political purposes.

The administration at SUNY-Binghamton,
after reported consultation with Central
Administration here in Albany, has told
USG President Ray Glass that unless the
money is turned over, all student monies
collected this semester will be refunded. The
effect of such a move would be to complete-
ly cripple the student government. All its
funds would ' vanish-«and with the funds
would go the campus publications, sports
activities, social functions, and everything
else the student government supports.

No definite deadline has been given but
there is speculation that unless Glass bows to
administrative pressure by a week from
tomorrow, the administration will pull his
money (and hence his government) out from
under him.

It looks to us like the SUNY-Binghamton
administration is playing a clever little game.
It's called coercion And we don’t think any

FEBRUARY 15, 1972

‘

th Harpur

student in the entire SUNY system should
stand by and let them get away with it.

Glass on the basis of legal advice plans to
get a court injunction preventing the admini~
stration from refunding the money or from
“freezing” student government funds (some-
thing that was done in Albany). Though he
admits setting the $500 aside violates the
guidelines, he argues that the guidelines do
not spell out what action is to be taken once
violations occur. The legal battle promises to
bring the whole issues of control of student
funds out into the open again.

We support Glass and the USG in their
fight for the principle of studentxcontrol over
student funds and we are glad to see they are
not buckling under to administrative pres-
sure that could result in a denial of Virtually
all student activities.

The issue does not involve only those in
Binghamton. It is state-wide in scope. it's
about time student governments asserted
themselves, fought for principles, and re»
fused to yield to administrative coerEion.
And it’s about time that students at this
campus realized that they have a stake in
what happens at their sister schools---and to
their fellow students.

And if the administration at SUNY-
Binghamton continues to rely on pressure to
bring the student government into line. and
if the Central Administration here in Albany
continues to “call the shots” (as one
Binghamton source described it), then per
haps some SUNY-Albany students might get
the inclination some afternoon to take a
little walk down to SUNY-Central, stay for
awhile, and ask them why.

FEBRUARY 15, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 9

FSA: Our Job is Snowing You

For those of you who are interested in the
latest Faculty-Student Association out-
rage...read on. The management is about to
try to put the screws on you again.

Last semester, the immediate concern of
undergraduate student members of FSA was
to kill management plans for a hike in board
rates in the face of a deteriorating financial
situation.

The battle, finally, was won. Prices re-
mained the same. But not it’s a new semester
and management has another trick up its
sleeve.

Mr. Richard Finke, who is the “Assistant
Di r e c tor," wants to greet summer
session students with something new: a
mandatory meal plan.

The minutes from the February 4, 1972
FSA Board of Director‘s meeting tell the
whole story:

“Mr. Finke suggested that Summer Session
students living on the Campus should be
required to purchase contract meal tickets.
The subject was discussed at some length.
Mandatory board plans had not been re-
quired for the last two summers."

“Mr. Lampert expressed opposition to a
mandatory board plan...Hc said that Faculty
Student Association does not have the right
to coerce students to take a board plan
merely because the Corporation needs the
money.”

“Mr. (Neil) Brown expressed the opinion
that perhaps students should be required to
take a mandatory board plan. His opinion
was based on the fact that food kept in the
dorms for consumption by the students
during warm weather attracted insects and

rodents, and that provision for refuse dis-

posal during the summer months might be

inadequate."

End quote.

Now there are several things that must be
explained to put this request in its proper
perspective. First, there is the basis under
which FSA’s Food Service operates. It is
called the “missed meal factor" and what it
means is that profit on meals comes from
every meal that you don't cat. That is part
of the reason why dormitory meal plans are
mandatory and why meal cards cannot be
transferred. Such a policy increases the
liklihood of missed meals and hence, cor-
porate profit.

Second there is the little matter of where
the profits go. As FSA’s own audits show,
every quad has made a consistent profit over
the last few years. But the money does not
get pumped back into the quads for better
food. Nor does it go for lower prices. The
corporation uses it, instead, to bale out the
rest of its inefficient and poorly managed
programs. That is FSA’s conception of
what a “service” organization is supposed to
do.

Now. apparently, management wants to
perpetuate the injustice. They want to force
summer students into the same unjust and
ridiculous sytem undergraduates must deal
with during the regular academic year. The
rationale seems strictly a monetary one; the
corporation needs to generate more income.
The gall of corporate capitalism knows no
bounds.

There is even some question of the legality
of the move. Student Association President

 

@remliu biliary Gene lllater

lT'S mar OF THE \
SCHOOL'S FOOD
RECYCLING WM—
AND meme nor PlCKING
u?~THEY’lZE DELIVERING!

FETERIA‘

 

 

 
    
   
 
 

WHY DO THE 6AM

MEN Do 50 MN PICK-

ups FROM THE
CAFETERIA ?

     
 

 

 

Mike Lampert will argue, tomorrow, that
only the University Council (local trustees)
have the power to mandate a mandatory
summer meal plan.

Needless to say, we hope that the Board of
Directors kills the proposal with little debate
at tomorrow's meeting. In fact, they should
take  a: step further and eliminate man-
datory board plans altogether.

The fact that students should be forced to
pay for what many consider to be inferior
meals is an outrage. But the fact that
students on this campus put up with the
system with little resistance is saddest-«and
most outrageous-«of all.

 

 

Soledad Fund

In a courtroom in California, the the deaths, and especially the eon- The prosecution insisted that

To the Editor:

Your editorials and by-lined
stories on Environmental Studies
have, of course, come in my
attention.

Your contention tliril rhis urcri
of academic sludy and research
has not received serious attention
and effort is, in my jridgrncnl.
quite inaccurate. The people who
have been chairmen of llre corn-
milrees and the committee meni-
hers, friculiy, students, rind admin.
isrralors have given ri great deal of

To the SUNYA (‘oirirrrunily:

After each birler lesson lll deceit
and csculniion iriirghi us liy
Nixon‘s Administration, (‘('('()
finds Ilirrr (lls, rcscrvrsis. rind
ROTC cridcls lerirn ilic lessons
loo, Many of [burn \ViIIll oul rind
turn in ('('('().

()vci llre yCllH, ('(‘('() has
helped iliousriridx of (lls
AWOIA. rlcsericrs, ('(is, hzirdslup
i.;l»L'\, [how czirrglil In llll‘ (ping-
IIIIIc oi rIulIl.rIy "prune," and
[lime who |ll\l r.irI'I \lilllll ll
.inyiiioic Arid llll‘ number or lllr‘l‘

.irIrl worm-r: In the .lllllCll lorccs

who Willll our iillll need hpr l\
srill rising.

Now our \lllll iilroiney and
counselors lIrIIIrlle Irirlrvlduul crises
and llie greiir rumor of (ii marl
riglii In llre l‘lIIlrrdelplIni office,

lhcmselves measured in terms of
lime and energy - io lhis mailer
and we are making progress.

I believe llirii you and ollier
members of ihe Universin coni-
niuiIIiy xhould know iliril I am
sincerely grateful for llic efforts
ofcveryone concerned with liilViI‘
onmerilril Studies.

Thank you for printing this lel-
er, Sincerely.

Phillip Sirolkm
lixccuiive Vice l’residcnl

  

TAX

 

Resistance
work ii! men miliirIIy pioiccis,
Iririri more counselors throughout
our region, rind help (‘rinudirni IIirl
groups in Icpriiririre dodgers rind
rlcscrler's who, wrlli proper coun-
\‘Cllllg, can come home now.

Our new Soiiihern Office in
Allririlu wrll help fill the greril
needs ol the Iliouxririds of men
and worricii \llllllillt'll in Iliiil illk‘d.
ln :Irldilion. lloiici Singleton. iiIiI
Soullmcxir-Iri l"Icld\voIl\cr_ is on
the lU-iil lI.ill ol l'ii\ \\.ll\lllj.’ hours.
pushing llli old ('lir-n I’IoIII ‘\l.ll\.l-
Inn to \\'cxl lc\.i\ rIIil cvcrviilicic
IrI l‘L'l\\L'L'll. llr' helps (ilx. liiirls
:rIIrl lilillh III-It coniisclriis and
coordinates the efforts oi fur-
l‘iung groups irlrczrdy opciirlirig,

And, of course, we are still
fighling llre driifr, supporting men
III prison, and ruining our the

Urged

lIicrrIinrc llirIl hprs io keep the
grant dirifi rind lllllllllly counseling
Iiclwrii k going.

All this Inch money. As crim-
priigris lo slop Nixon. end the
rlrrrl‘l. rind slop llic erI pick up
rrgrirn. I know you Willll your
coniiibiilions Iii have it mil Ini-
pricl. Money you send in (‘('('()
\vrll go i'rrctily lo help young men
.illll Willlli'il who have lcriirlcrl llir'
lk‘llllllt‘ lL‘\\rill\ ol rlIrI \\'.ll .IIIrl
llr|\\ Iiccil lir'lp \iIIlI llIr-n \iiiiggic
.rg.iIII\i the drill illlll lllr' IIIIlil.iI\.
I’li'.I\c |oIII II\ III llir. liplil and
WM .I\ much .r\ you \.ill

Srrrti-ich,

Arlo Iriluizi

(‘oiilrihulions lo ('('('() may he
Selll It) 2010 Wrilnui Sn, l’lIIlii..
l’n, l‘lllld lid

 

 

FUTURE snacK?

é

Editor-ln-Chief
al senia

 

Production Manager
warren wisliari
News Editor

mania or I'llllllll
Associate News Editor

Advorlrsrrig Mriririgur
pill llllllll'l'.
Assuerrilu Advurrrsrriu Miiririurir

uluiiri Vlili IirieIIII/ III-rm llillli'

Fauliirus Editors Business Miiriouer .
IIIIIII r...oi..ir I III..ii I"
vl-Ililiri- II.II.Iii-.Iiliri Tecliriieul Erlrmr

Oil-Criminal News Editor I. J-iI i- i .ll l’ in

in II aim
Assoc-riled Pruss Etirror
i. w, I .

Aru Ediroi

Assisirrrir TUClllllﬁJl Editor».

i' I . '
AllVUlIlSllirJ Product: ,i-
you,“ ,.I I Il‘ I ,

Assittrinl Arts Editor

.I. . e I - - .v
rIIiiii IJ‘l Giulirlr tririor

Sports Editor ir.i ill“.llilii‘l
-"tl"i Ilrlu'v Cluissriiud Advriirurni, Mm :II-l

Photography Editor:
Illrlll I'Iiirrr'i
\llrvu riollm k

Edliorlal Page Editor

iii  li iiinin-II.
Circulation Mrinugur

llill Wllilll
Exchange Editor

Illdlk Iiir org,”

Ia-r;_-v-: ..

rluiv irr‘rnarrli

 

following sceneiri taking place: A
thick barrier of glass and steel has
been erected. stretching wall to
wall, floor to ceiling, between the
trial participants and the public,
who are barely nble to hear the
proceedings. Some fifteen Tnclicril
Squud men in full riot gear stand
outside the courtroom. outside
the courtroom. Everyone nitcnd-
ing the triul is photographed rind
given ii sent number, Both men
rind women rrrr' checked with n
metnl detector rind given it full
put-down HOUI‘Cll‘, women Ill'l‘ riddi-
lIionrilly required by police mn»
trons to remove their nndr-rwerir.
Erich person is llII‘ll escorted to
the numbered iieni in the specln-
tors' section, which features n
elosedcireuit television Clinirfl‘il
monitored by the police. Despite
this “security”, r-ighl builil'fs and
iii lentil two plniiiclollios polir'rv
men rirr- iilrrtioriod inside [he
courtroom rind, oril ofsight other
'l‘nclieul Squud members slIrIrirl
rr-nrly wilh M~Ili's and sub
Irincliinu guns.
The scene is the Solcrlnd llrolliers'
rriiil

Uri Arigiisl Lll, six Illt‘ll \Vl'l'l'
lrillI-rl iii Hun ()Ill‘llllll prison, All
li‘gr-rlly Iii II p-I-Ioii lira-.Ih .\I:iiirig
llir-Iri \\‘i|.‘t (liriig--.1.ii-l\~.iiii “hose
hook, Hillll‘3ll \l) lll((l'l'lll~lll. ll-Ih
li'lt‘llsl'll \voilrl \rrilr' .iiIr-iiiiori Uri
[he lII'iIl.rlil\ ril~ llll‘ :\i|rl'lll'illl
lii'imin sysri-iii. Wi- sllll do iiiir
know the lriilh rii \vliirl happened
llinl dny; lioWr-vr-I' lhr- rr'vr'lllllllll
of lies surrounding lilo rlrinlli of
Fred llrirnplon in (lliir‘rigri, llir-
nirisiuierr- rIl Allir'n, the mullilurlr-
of inconsistencies in the necounln
0f Sun Quentin ndminiritrnlors on

flicting autopsy reports, make the the trial go on as scheduled. This

uuthorities' versions of the ragic
events extremely suspect.

'I‘om Wicker wrote in The New
York Times on George Juckson's
deulli: "Whether or not he was
shot while escaping or was in
some way ‘sel up' for killing...
George Jrickson was destroyed
long before he was killed at Sun
Quentin. ’l‘hIPl’l} nre thousands
upon thousands like him — blrick
rind white, brothers rill - who will
be or liiive been destroyed, Loo.
Until this wrinlon destruction of
liiinirinily in Amnricri is soon for
whnl il is, il will go on, nnd
consume us rill."

In nIi atmosphere of prison lur-
moil, and in grrrrison-like courl-
room surroirndirigs, the triiil of
John ('lrilchr-lli' rind Flt'l‘lil
Drnmgo, llh‘ Soil-(ind Brothers
st ill llllVr‘, is rilioul to proceed.

Enrlir-r. when (ii-urge wris still
riliVe, the three hurl l‘ricerl Lrinl, iii
lwo other courts Hrilriins, (lllll‘
frirriirr, \Vlil'i‘l‘ the judge wus rc-
lllrlvr‘rl for riicrnl bins. mill in Sun
Francisco In which llre r'nse wns
i-vr-Iiluiilly lrririsl'orn-(l. 'l‘hcrri, llir-
lJIslrIr'l AlloI'IIr-y. In no irrrispririsi
lilr- :IIirl rIIiprvcvrlr-iilr-d llllllll'llvl‘i‘,
iiIi-rl lo IIIIH'I‘ llll' l'.|.‘1" lo Suzi
lYI ‘url, 'lill' .il llll' Iiiorl l|'¢lk'lllll|

'l\ lil.ll2l|t'\ in Hip \lllll‘. ll iooh
'iiv lll‘ll'll‘it' for months lll IlUfl'ill
IlIII iflrii'r. l'liirllr‘Iigr-s of Judges
\\I|li liisli rim; of rrIr'Iul liIiIn iii-rt
sailrili-rl l'riI’llIr-I' delays, lfiriiill).
ihi' liiril wilh sol for August E'i.
l’r'oIgo Jackson, who wrlli lIr-rrirc
couriige riiirl eloquence hurl slionl
t"l our the truth lll)lllll prison life,
W115 silenced by ll guiirrl's bullet on
August 2|.

effort failed, but the defense's
on-going preparations were in-
creasingly obstructed. The use of
volunteer investigritors wus forbid-
don, the defense was forced to
hire rind prepare privute, state»
licunsed investigators til grenl coal.
in time rind money, witnesses,
scattered in prisons throughout.
the state since the ease begrin,
were innecessible to rittorneys;
tripe record.:rs, very useful to law-
yen: rind the press, were no longer
rillowed; for weeks, .lohn Clutch-
r-tlc's lawyer hntl to slop visiting
him becriiise llfl."l‘ each meeting,
John wris beaten by the guririls.
Your help in overcoming these

The following is the opening porrion of the transcript of proceedings
in San Francisco Superior Court on Augusi 24, 197! before Judge
Carl Allen:

Mr. Silliniun (attorney): Dr. (‘zirlelon Goodleir is standing at the
door...we risk ilial he be allowed to sit wilh us in the lable and at least
be riblc to coiiduci Ii cursory cxarriinariori of the defendants.

The ('ourl: Thur Iiiolion will be denied.

Mr. Silver (rillorney): Denied?

Mr. Sillimuii: Your Honor can see llre condition of these men ~
these men have been beriicn!

’l‘he (‘ourlt l have denied the motion. i run nor in llre llilbil of
reversing Iiiyselfjusr because some lawyer liollers at me.

Mr. Silver: | make rI motion than [he coirrl examine the bodies for
bruises, culs. scrirlclics rind beiilirigs.

'l‘lic (‘ouri1 I run rioi ll physician.

Mi. Silver: ’l‘liril‘s why we have a physician reiidy rind rivailablc lo
the Courl.

'l‘hc (‘ourlz Your moliori has been denied, counsel...

 

 

gigrinlic obslneics in ii i'riir triril,
nrid in exposing the (lr-grriding urid
Illl‘JII'IIilnl‘ nnl.urr~ of the prison
system, is even more criticiil novlI
ilrnn at my time before in this
long struggle for justice rind hu-
man rligiiily. Your ..ripporl will
help prrivnlr- some of the tringiblcir

piivriiri iriVesLigntoi's, I'I-r's for
expert wrtnr-ssrs, lrnnapoi'lrilion
rinrl mounting ril'lici' expenses. We
urgr- you in your in the Solerliidl
llrrilhr-I's' defensi-

Hiiir‘m'i'lv \rilllh,

licriiririiiii Spur-h, i\l.l).

.l lilt' l“lrll(lrl

['ir'li-lriii li. (ioririlel l, Mil).
Willi Iiri'Kuristlr'I'

Contributions Iiiin lM' si-nr lo.
Solednd Brothers Legnl Com
milieu. 1'1). Box 40697, .iiiri
Il‘rniir'isco, Cnlil., 94 Ml) — Ed.

 

“The first time in my life I felt like a man was when
l was burning down that store,’ said one of the Negroes

arrested during the August 1965 upheaval in Watts.

From Prelude to Riot,
Paul Jacobs, Vintage

 

Faculty/Student Ratio

in llir‘ l‘>.lll|ll
llir' I‘lrll‘li‘lll or tlldllgllly, Slll Ili.llll‘!lUl ihc rciprricriicniol ling-
rlt'lll l.lt'llll} I.rlio:. rcpiiircrl by Irsli for [he undcigriidurric degree
Robin Snrixolo III the l-‘cliiiiir‘. l liris icsnlrcd In a lower Sllldt‘lll/
mire ol'rlii- ASI’ Is r‘l‘illjlllt'dlr'rl b) l.IcIrlry r.IiIo. Acruiilly the ratio in
ihe iiilrnirc number of viiiirihlcs lllrll dcpriilnienr has increased
l|l\’(il\’t‘\l Including Ihc effects ol sleridily oier the last four yerir.
rhi: ("llllli l’Ioposril. Miss Srinsolo acknowledging the dangers of
grappled well With Ilicsc corriplcx- ycur-io-yeui comparisons irrisnig
rims. from improving reporting systems.
David W. Muirrn
Ofﬁce of Acuderriic Affairs

ll should not be inferred from
rlie article, however, that the elinr

 

