a M...... -r.-......._._._......;..;.,-1.4.-,.. Magda...” 

 

 

 

i: j v     -. » I  The‘GoodJ‘e Bod,& the Promising

ii.

i t. v

, ' - Airplane LPs). But the a left wing—singer/ AND NOW FOR THE GOOD STUFF:

l by Bill Brlna . songwriters Grace Slick and Paul Kantner And now, dear reader, having saved your
“0 Wow,.man,you mean you revrewers get blew it. Paul relapses into the unfocused, precious $$$ by avoiding most of the

‘ all of those records for free?" I off-the-wall scrence fantasy of the Blows aforementioned, let me present you with a

u  “Yeah, D'ya wanna be a revrewer? Here, Against the Empire album and Grace is few good reasons for parting with those

iii: 1 take a pile, give them a listen, write some- shockingly bad. Her singing is harsh, erratic, same. $$$. The best Dead is live Dead, but

 

 

 

thing, and come on back next week.”

’ ONE WEEK LATER:

“Hey, man, that pile of junk was only the
worst, most terriblest shit I've ever heard.
What kind of a jbke was that?”

The joke, of course, is that it wasn’t a joke
at all.

Music might save your mortal soul, as Don
McLean claimed (though I doubt it) but to
get to that you have to work through the
recording industry, most of which is owned
either by Kinney Parking Lots (now re-
named Warner Leisure Services, so that the
tail wouldn't appear to wag the dog) or the
Gulf & Western Oil Conglomerate. As you
might expect, the over-all corporate philo-
sophy (to which there are a few happy
exceptions-but not nearly enough) of such
conglomerates has a great deal to do with
flooding themarket with "product"--
altogether too much of which turns out to
be “the worst, most terriblest shit...” To
much of a reviewer’s job winds up being
plowing through the shit looking for the
pearl or two to recommend...not that there
weren't pearls, just that there's a lot of the
other stuff. So herewith:

THE SUMMER’S WORST:

Without any doubt (though they had stiff

competition to overcome) the year's worst

 

Off-key and wobbly. and her lyrics are
insanenfilled with hatred and defiance past
all bounds of reason. She picks some good
targets to attack, but her attacks are just
pathetic.

A few newcomers have received the hype
and publicity Inormally attendant to the
releases of superstars, even though their
material seems as tired and hackneyed as
that of more established performers. Bonnie
Koloc’s Hold ()n 'In \lr', sounds like an LP
Carol King might have made, were she
feeling exceptionally tired and uninspired.
lt's pleasant, yes, but there just doesn’t seem
to be any spirit lht‘it'. Another instantly
over-familiar LP was the debut release of the
Eagles. Eagles might make it yet, but they
won‘t do it off this Ll’. lhe single's good but
too much of the rust lil the album sounds
like stuff that Mc(ann would have had the
taste to leave oil those country-oriented
Byrds LPs.

lz'uglcs tails crown lli-‘illilllcally, as Well as
musically. “I know \‘-l|.tl a woman can do to
your soul," warhlt-s olic i doubt it. The time
to score cheap [Willis for manhood by
putting down worni-i l‘ lung pastl but these
boys haven't found lll:[ out, They're still
stuck on llli'  Ii-itan-as—magical-cvil-

 

 

since you can't keep the Grateful Dead in
your living room, their LPs will have to do.
Fortunately, there’s lots of those. Two more
came out this summer. Second guitarist
Bobby Weir put out his "solo" debut, titled
ACE (Warner Bros. BS 2627). The “solo” is
in quotes because the only difference
between ACE and an “official” Dead LP is
that all of the material is Weir’s. Everybody's
here except Pigpen, including new pianist
Keith Godchaux, and everybody's good. The
material varies--two cuts are thromways and
two ("Black-throated wind" & "One More
Saturday Nite”) sound a hell of alot better
in concert than they do here, but there are
four real gems--lncluding a re-make of
“Playing in the Band" (off the live LP~ and
the over-all effect is quite nice.

A bit weirder but just as nice is Rolling
'l'lliiilrlr'r (Warner BS 2635), the solo effort
by the Dcad’s ex-sccond drummer, Mickey
Hart. Mickey went olf the road in '71 to
start work on this and other projects, and
results are dccidcdly peculiar. There's yet
dnolhc‘t Version of “Playing in the Band"
and one of Weir's “Greatest Story Ever
lold" (hctc called "Pump Song"), and yes,

bummers We.” .lhe debut “lbw?” (“V [W0 force-that-man-miist matrol that was the Ws'll'. lCHY Gdrtld. 004d b45951 Phil LCSh
EZZEZJZFHBezlgst 82nd  stockfmuddc U1  drugstore cowboy and lricnds .trc prominentlyicaturcd...but so
Beyond features rciccts from Deep Purple and "WW Sil'd “l ll""~‘”00d [WWW YCdrs '5 CXTQUKWIWF- “WW .th Ump-emvedd)
lohnny Winter's loudest and least musical ago. Women-dorm xvii” yf’ur. ilme (mu. “mmm “m” UM)an dn'd cx‘Qu'Ck‘ler
band and the late unbeloved Iron Butterfly king the wx'sm “I H“ “mm; ll 5 merely d (WM w-Hh. Jeffery)“ . Airplane) 5mer

. ‘ r . I l . Sign of their own Wm,” Inadequacy More bassist/pianrst/gurtarist/wola player Dave
and lhe “0'56 they PTOdULe bell” m0” lhdn than Anything (4.,“ in. titers of their lyrics frc-ibcrg. [here are a few weird percussion

a passing resemblance to the racket of a
boiler factory. They have the dubious honor
of being the only band I know of to have
been physically offer! by .1 disgusted au~
dience at the Wollman Skating Rink this
summer. Wln'ic Witt/r, their companion in
promotion, is a Tampa-based commune
supposedly heavily into white magic and thc
power of the mind. The LP had some of the
most inane Moog work on record; weak,
erratic, vocals; a couple of maniacal laughs
and shrieks; an atrocious rip—off of the

might be, his name will sc-ll...and scll. Van
Morrison threw bits and pieces of stull' that
was probably originally written lor Morm-

 

 

were badly in nccd oi ill-10d lay.

And speaking ol mi-rioiye, let's not forget
the obligatory lcsinal LP set. This one,
courtesy ol Atlantic, \Jlmc from the Mar Y
Sol pop festival in l’tictto Rico. It does
feature excellent pi-rlurtnances by the }.
Cells Band on “l,i)iJl.lt‘ ‘or a Love" and by
Emerson, Lake, & l’altiii'l‘ on “Take a Peb-
ble" & “Lucky Mail, iiut the rest is bad
news. BB. King & llit -\llman Bros. turn in
what might hqu ltt‘tli .good performances

ward Racc") wtll iii-wirily the myth that
Mahavishnu can do no arong. McLaughlin's

 

 

tracks, a Big-Brother styled bouncy rocker, a
cut that revives the feeling that jcfferson
Airplanc- used to be able to summon (“Blind
john"), some really innovative horn work by
the 'l ower of Power horn section on six cuts,
and an invocation by Rolling Thunder
(Hart's lndian friend). What more could you
ask? (Answer: the Dcad's multi-rccord live-
in-Lurope set, due out any day now).
ANI) WORlHWHILlZ NEWCOMERS:
.llasayu is an ex—lkcttc out on her own...
.lltrxtryir is a light, ltinky black hand that

nonetheless. 50’s the debut of Peter Kau-
koncn, lilac/e Kangaroo ((irunt FTRlUOb).
Pctc is )ortna's younger brother but he

dun“, or Axrm) WWM mgcmcr and “me up  guitar is harsh, .iliriipi ,in out oi place, the wwan W) 10mm .5 st Ic, m t m he sounds
with Si. f)t)IIl(‘rlft".\‘ Imam. im- album isn't WWW“ “Wk ""‘*”'"" mm“ 50"”“0'” -- [I I b'l l'k~yH: a '( lsl‘ in n
that bad in itself and if you don't have the “1 “’KCH‘C" Bl‘m'" “ K" “19 “Ulm bun‘ mu” “m d I I L Ln rlx"' L ‘I ’0

, more than he could chew by writing, Singing,

other two you might like it, but in terms of
what Van could and should do, it stands as
an enormous disappointment. jcfterson
Airplane's Long jolm Silwr is an even worse
disappointment. The 'Plane's right wing gui-
tarist Jorma Kaukoncn, bassist jack Casady,
and fiddler Papa John Creach pound, thun-
der, and soar in wondrous fashion-alien
playing on this ablurn is probably lllt' Lllll-
mate in slam-bang heaviness, and the
drumming is decent (a welcome change lor

 

and playing all the guitar lines on his first
album, but the talent embedded in even his
more dcrivattvc stuff is evident. “Postcard”
and “llic Prisoner" arc the standouts rcal
c‘inbari.issmcnt»~“l)ynamo Snackbar," which
is one ol lhosc- disasters that find themselves
on record when you’re only doing your own
sioll A bit more maturity and some more
lll.llt‘ll.tl, and Jorrna'd better watch out-v
lllllt' littllllt‘l might upstage him.

 

 

 

 

PAGE EIGHT

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 26, 1972

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

Halleluiiah chorus, and other oodles oi that but this recording I‘t I‘rl Door 10 tell, dnd . _ . . I
t- ilk. Y“ Synthesi/es; While gwnch merely (murwd hdddicsnr m1,“ Long John Baidry, lays it down) and kccps ll going....llrr.\.iwr
 stcals...and not too well at that. Nit/ingot", and lllt'll .: get it on with a ((A'PHWV” (ll (“03) l“ d debt”! «llhl‘um hY'd
'5 THE OVERHYPED: resounding thud, liil.:‘ ~iont- J. Gcils freaks ltlltnlt‘d lady, and a talcnilr and. It s ,
- It's a good season for artistic laziness; any will pick this on it: ! it) have “Lookin”; lac‘lh'h‘“? “‘0 "niic' ""d “"3 mm “"‘d 1h“
a; “name” “us, um ruled“, d” LP wim uu,r Mahavishnu “0.th Hm Want this (Maha- c Ic ics o- soul albums, and both can rnakc
i L v ' thc lamtliar sccm fresh and Vital. lhc album
-‘ confidence that, no matter how uninspired it VISlmU hdb d ll"'“’"" """Ulc “Xlended ldml r . . r . ~ . ,
but be Walllt'dnlltis [utillcular cut (“Noon— '5’” PcrlCLl. bUl '15 “TlmcnSClY LnlUYdl‘lC

 

