Vol. LIX, No. State University of New York at Albany Friday. September 3. i972

 

The University
earnsm

by Ed Deady

Outside the Campus Center the sky was a clear
blue, brushed occasionally by white. The sun
glowed down on a perfect day, a lazy, breezy day.
You could hear the fountain's unceasing din above
the sound of people talking and a dog's barki An
excited squeal broke out briefly from one of the
many groups seated and standing idle on the
podium and around the fountain. It was noon and
many students were spending their free moments
between classes enjoying the good weather, good talk
and good friendship and feeling life that only a day
such as yesterday could bring

In the Campus Center Ballroom, on the second
floor at the top of the stairway going up from the
main lobby, there were still vacant seats. Only a few
people stood by the main doors, not from necessity,
but for convenience Findlay Cockrell stopped
playingthi- piano, and ltabbi Bernard Bloom gave. the
invocation for those eleven Israelis who “died on
the field of peaceful competition." The Albany
County District Attorney Arnold Proskin rose to
speak about the elevan new martyrs and the six
million old one“ who hopefully have made us all
more aware of the need for brotherhood and
peaceful relations among nations. He felt we 'tad
enough martyrs and dir‘ not need any more
“Martyrdom mUst cease," said Proskin.

President Benezet spoke next, condemning hatred
and the feuding among people and nations as being
"senseless" and “without resolve" He expressed
hope and prayers for the people of the World and
stressed the importance of the university in working
to end hatred by bringing all people together. There
was silence in the ballroom.

The next speaker read ii poem written with the
Olympic massacre in mind. It was composed by
Reverend Harvey Bates of University Chapel House
and entitled "Munich and the Day of Atonement"
The poem spoke of the cruel, hating and wicked
ways of us human beings, and of a hope that
someday we will rid ourselves of this hatred. and

.u ., atone for what has been done in the past. Except
\ . ." for a few shedding tears, it was quiet in the

"t > . 1
. h I ‘
V   - ballroonL
 Leonard Weiss, an attorney from the Albany
v... e v I

a

\- ‘ I f .~ ~ R ‘ g Jewish Community (Youncd and Mayor Corning of
. f‘ a. .. > . H I b - Albany also addressed the gathering and Londemned
n . v  ’ ‘ the dastardly killings and the senseless wars that

' . ' \ V plaguv our world loday They too hoped for peace
and a tinii- of friendship and brotherhood for people
of all nations, There was silence in the ballroom.

Then a psalni was read and a Kaddish by Rabbi
Ziliiaud and H was quiet in the ballroom.

Uulsidi' one could hear the nut-easing din of the
Iountain above the sounds of people talking and a
dog's luirk liiil there is no need to go on You
i'lll'l‘ll You were llll‘l't' You know how it fell

The Olympic ﬂag flies at half staff in Munich Olympic Stadium, where a crowd of 80,000 participated
in a memorial service for eleven slain [smell athletes. (Al’ Wirephoto)

 

 

