t

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

Third World
Studies
are Beautiful

To the Editor:

The letter written by the self-
deacribed belligerent Mr. Toplan-
sky concerning the Puerto Rican
Studies Department just overflows
with ignorance and racism.

To call any type of ethnic
studies "Bullshit" and irrelevant is
a display of the lack of concern
this country has for it's
minorities. In case you don't
know it Mr. Toplansky, the mels
ting pot theory is valid only to
White ethnic groups who discard
their cultural identities suf-
ficiently enough to be accepted
by the silent majority. But what
about the Blacks, Chicanos, Amer-
indians. and Orientals in this
country who still live in ghettoes,
even though most of these groups
were here before the "civilized"
European? Do you know why
they couldn't assimilate and why
they are still living in ghettoes?
They are in ghettoes because of
their race. and they are still there
because they haven't overcome
the stigmatized self-images of
themselves.

Erik H. Eriksion in his book
Youth in Crisis says, “Therapeutic
as well as reformist efforts verify
the sad fact that in any system
based on suppression, exclusion,
and exploitation, the suppressed,
excluded and exploited uncon-
sciously accept the evil image they
are made to represent by those
who are dominant". We have
learned that giving up our cul.
tural integrity and moving along
the path of acculturation does not
lead us to social assimilation. We

The Problem
is Oppression

Oye Toplansky,

in view of your warped opinion
of the Puerto Rican student's de-
mands for a Puerto Rican Studies
Department. 1 have taken it upon
myself. as an individual Puerto
Rican student. to tiike timeout to
answer you.

instead of explaining my feeling
in ii technical sociological vocab-
ulary, i will attempt to con-
descent myself to your level and
try to explain the situation to
you.

if you hadn't noticed. the
Puerto Ricans are a fast growing
minority that are interested in
learning as Well as in maintaining
their culture and heritage. (This
purpose can be attained through
the university's utilization of its
sole purpose of existence: to cdu-
cate.) This my "friend" is some-
thing you nor anyone else can
interfere with.

'l‘hough China is relevant now.
how long will it remain so? The
l’ucrto Ricana play a relevant role
in our society in that they are
being faced with problems that
are also being dealt with by other
minority groups. 'l‘hat problem iii
oppression. it in also a problem
that iii present in our immediate
society. Why can't the United
States take care of itii domestic

TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1972

have learned that since we are
denied admission to the silent
majority on racial grounds, we
would become‘a marginal people
if we break away from our ethnic
group.

When 87% of all Puerto Ricans
of age 25 and older have dropped
out without graduating from high
school, and whereof the only 5% of
Puerto Ricans that move on to
higher education 60% drop out,
you know the school system is
failing us.

One of the reasons non-white
people in this society are unpro-
ductive is because of the ex-
perience of oppression and stigma-
tization that predisposes students
to failure and self-hatred by
means of the self-fulfilled pro-
phecy constantly imposed on our
minds by racist teachers.

Ethnic studies should be man-
datory for teachers. social
workers, lawyers and doctors.
Maybe this way they can alleviate
the injustices the dominant
society inflicts upon the racial
minority student. Ethnic studies
may open the minds of many
white students to the fact that we
may live in a pluralistic s0ciety in
peace if there were an attitude of
acceptance prevelant in the dom-
inant society.

Ethnic studies is a beautiful
thing. but if it's just the case of
Puerto Rican studies that is
causing problems. then just
liberate the colony of Puerto Rico
and We'll leave the country.
GLADLY! Also l hope you con-
tinue studying Giinese Mr. Toplan-
sky. that way when you go to
Peking, you could find out from
the Chinese that the liberation of
Puerto Rico is very important to
the Third World.

Respectfully yours.
Juan Tito Melendez

problems before it launches an all
out campaign towards its Foreign
Policy?

As l've mentioned before. the
money set aside for the future
Puerto Rican Studies Department
is ii justifiable one. (If it weren‘t.
would the university grant the
requests?) If the Puerto Rican
students show interest for ii de-
partment, why can't they have
one? If any other minority group
wishes to havo its culture and
heritage exercised in thc univer-
sity's educational system. i sup-
port thcm entirely. for l fei-l every
member of ii culture should know
about their truc heritage.

Concerning the money denied
for the teaching of Chinese. 1
sympathize with you. l feel that
Chinese should be taught to those
students who Wish to learn more
of their inherited language and
perhaps culture.

Perhaps the reason Chinese was
denied to you was because of the
lack of interest students had in its
estiibliahirient. The school does
not enter to individuals as your-
self. who wish to learn a subject
just because it would be easier for
them to accomplish the require-
ments in their field of study.

One last question before I finish.
Why don't you learn your lan-
guage and heritage thoroughly be-
fore you venture onto someone
else'ii culture who may not even
want to accept you?

Satisfyineg yours,
C. A. Ramon

lesser of
Two Evils

To the Editor:

in light of the controversial
nature of the topic, 1 would ap-
preciate your printing exactly
what I said on abortion at my
meeting with the Women's Libera-
tion Group on February 29th. on
that occasion l purposely read my
remarks so that they would not be
misquoted or quoted out of con-
text. As the .article came out, l
sounded a bit too casual on the

Expanded
Festival Planned

To the SUNYA community.

Recently an article was written
about the establishment of 3 Med-
iterranean Night by several cam.
pus organizations—the ltalian
American Student Alliance.
italian Club. Greek American Stu-
dent Association and Spanish

topic. Here is a copy of what I
said:

“1 view abortion as occasion-
ally necessary hut a poor and
miserable substitute for better
and earlier sex education by
parents and the schools, and for
the responsible use of birth
control where sexual activity is
anticipatedd. Abortion is not to
be taken lightly. [t is a grisley
business at best and often leaVes
much emotional trauma in its
wake for both the female and
the male involved. 1 am a firm
believer in children being want-

Club. However our original pro-
jections have expanded and after
consulting with members of
P.R.0.L.E. (Puerio Ricans Organ-
ized for Liberation and Edu-
cation) we have decided to ampli-
fy the original program to es-
tablish a Festival of the Mediter-
ranean and Carribean to include
our Puerto Rican brothers and
sisters. who share much in com-
mon with our peoples. We would
like to apologize to our friends
from P.R.O.L.E. for the original

ed by mature, loving, and re
aponsible parents. Whenever
genetic or other defects are
likely to occur (as with German
measles), or when conception is
the result of rape of incest.
where the mother’s life is a
stake, and in a few other cir-
cumstances, abortion may by
the lesser of two evils. More
than that cannot be said in its
favor."
Sincerely
J. Hood M. D.
Director
Student Health Service

oversight. since the article was
written over three weeks ago and
submitted very late by a friend
unaware of the new plans. We
plan to share the national ethnic
cultures of our peoples in an
explosion of color. folk dance.
food, music and wine. Contact
Evdyn457-7848 or Gina 472-5450
for more information.

Sincerely.
Roberto Di Scipio, Pres.
ltiilian American Student Alliance

 

The Children’s
March

To the SUNYA community:

The Albany Chapter of the
National Organization for Women
invites you to join with them in
support of the Children's March
for Survival to be held in Washing-
ton D.C. on March 25. An ex-
planation of the goals and ac-
tivities of the march is included in
this letter. Albany N.O.W. is
working with the Albany Welfare
Rights Organization to raise funds
for the rental of two or more
buses for this trip. The minimal
cost of ii bus is over $600. At
present, less than $50 has been
raised.

"The Children's Feast", a
covered-dish supper will be held
Sunday, Miirch 19 from 6 pm to 8
pm at a central Albany church
(location to be announced soon.)
Activities include free childrens
movies, a toy auction, booths
with handicrafts, baked goods,
childrens books. etc. Please birng
a covered dish to serve 8. or
contribute $2 per person.

How You Can Help

Donate one hour to make a few
phone calls or type six postcards.
Donate a toy or take up a col-
lection for one at your next
meeting. Ask your organization for
a contribution. however small or
large. Donate baked goods. or a
covered dish or other food item.
They can be frozen until the
event. Ask your church to join
with other area churches in ii
special “Children's March for Sur-
vival" collection on Sunday.

 

Precocious

To the Editor:
I am now ii bad boy in Soho il.

i wait a good boy in school but i
don't know what crime over me.

Now 1 wish 1 could get good
again.

flat 1 cannot.

Duran Montgomery
PS. 165

(Courtesy of Pilgrim l‘reaa)

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

March 19. Organize a food drop
of non-perishables for the trip to
Washington. Come to the supper
and bring friends!!!

We would also like to sponsor a
children’s play to raise additional
funds. if you would like to help
with this please let us know as
soon as possible.

For further information about
the march and local activities
please call me at home evenings,
or call Louise Rofcs at the State
University of New York at Al-
bany, tel: 457-4094.

Sincerely.
Carol Biernacki

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.8.
'9‘ E
\T T i
l f—
L: 0 U
i=:l

 

 

 

Sorry, Wrong Number

To the Editor:

Your story on telephone charges
in the March 3 ASP raises ii
legitimate issue. but 1 think con-
sidcriibly garbies the facts. Let me
try to summarize briefly the se-
quence of events and the decisions
that were made.

On June 30. 1971. the SUNY
'l‘rustei-s passed a resolution
authorizing the Chancellor ti
drop the $110 per your telephone
aubaidy the State has been pro~
vidirig to SUNY students. The
state has been paying $00 for
telephones; the students were
only being billed for $30. Since
SUNY-Albany hiid an earlier
starting date in the Fall with ii
consequent earlier billing date. we
asked Central Administration via
telephone if the subsidy was to be
dropped in the Fall Semester
1971. We were told this was the
plan. So the subsidy was dropped.
Students,at Albany were billed in
July for their portion of the
added $15 telephone charge for
the Full Semester. Two other cani-
puiics also folloch this pro-

ccdure.

lint on Aiigusl 10. lhc wage-
pricc frcczc was imposed. prc~
Venting other campuses from fol-
lowing tlie same procedure. llad
not the price frcczc occurred. all
campuses of SUNY would have
dropped the subsidy this yi-iii
instead of iicxl.

()iir position is clear. The 'l‘riis
tees dccliircd the policy. We look
action to implement ll This
action was prior to thc pricc
freeze and was not affected by it.
The money collected from stu-
dents has been properly'disposiicd
with the State. The Slalc has llt‘t'll
subsidizing the phones, not llll'
telephone company. There would
be no rciiiion for the collections in
go to the telephone company as
implied in your slory.

Mr. Liimpert will be ri-ci-ivnig an
iinLrny-rto his letters shortly. l sus-
poet. 1 don‘t know what llll' rc»
spouse will be. But 1 don't whmk
we need to be defensive about the
actions taken by this campus,

John W. “llrllt‘y

PAGE 10

 

 

 

 

 

At Tuition Workshop

Students Urge Graduated Tuition

Ed. note: The following is a (Ira/‘1 ofa proposal on
the tuition increase. The rim/'1 was developed a! [he
workshops held ins! meals.

The proposed increase in tuition at SUNY will
mean that many people simply will not be able to
go to school next year. Either their parents cannot
afford the tuition. or they as emancipated adults
-annol afford it. The result will effectively be to
“privatize” the State University (while at the same
llnlt' state money will bc subsidizing the private
i'ollcgcs). 'l'hc Slate University was supposed to be n
pl: \vhcrc ordinary people could get a high-quality
education. lnslciid working pcoplc. llic non-
profcssional class, will be able lo sciid lhcir sons
("Kl (lilllullll‘l'h 1” llil‘ 'Univci'slly. although it is thcii'
lax mnncy llli’ll pays Iiir it (as well as for primli-
institutions. if the proposal goes through). And llll'
Siziii- l'iiivi-rsny will bi- a place l'oi the sons and
daiiglilcrs of the prirclcgcd cliic :lllll some licznily
l':ll'l't'|"(il'i('lllt‘tl 1111(l(lll' i'i;i.\~ pcoplc. plus :i fi-w
token poor lllllll llicy. Ion can ill‘ ilispvnsi-d willi
vl'o lit-ail iil'i' ll11.\ £1111l‘ilt‘llltll'l'HlH‘ li‘i-iid ill a [)l'ltl‘llt'ill
way. wi- proposi- llu- lolloii mg

 

7'.

 

1) if no other source of ri-ii-nnc can lic found
(cu-hiding :i I‘Iilsi' in working lil‘lljllt'..\l.l\('>1|ll(l lilt'
li'niisfcr of funds l"'l)lll llt't'fli'tlhlll'llllhl'1’\li‘l'\). llll‘l't‘
must be a gradnaicd tuition scale. with lhc childii-ii
of the \\i-llel'l' paying more than llll' pinpnsi-d
llllllilll (as much :is $1500 for pi-npli- \\llimt' |).|l|'lll\
llluiH' 33.10.00” or Ililill'. :iiirl .‘lifiz’ii iii an fin pi-uplc
whosi- jlillt‘lll‘u lllillit' $20,000) and considerably loss
than pii-wiil llllllllll Ioi pi-oplc whim- [)11ll'lll\|1|ill\|'
.‘lillHllllI tll li'ss

l'lssi-nlinlly this point \\.is Illi‘ main emphasis iii
“11' llllNll'i's' original piiipusnl. :innonnci-d Ill llic
linirlri'r/uii'hi'r \'i'ii-. lm l'il‘l) 1 l"iii sonic lll)‘\lt‘l'
toils i‘i'asoii. [his proposal \\.is dropped and llt‘\l‘l'
lil'nrii from again. \Vi-i'i- llll' triisli-iw l'iiii-i'rl ill (li'iip
[his proposal. min» which Ihi-y recognized as both
feasible and fair. liy sunn- unknown higher power"

21 Aid should llt‘ given to mimic colli-gi-s only on
i-iindilioii that in) [hi-y. loo. haw gradiinli-d luilioii
that \\ill continue to be expensive for the rich—
considerably more cspcnsiri- than SUNY but make

it possible for more middle-class and working-class
people to attend; and (b) they have something
equivalent to SUNY‘s EOP program, on at least the
same scale as SUNY. financed jointly by state and
private funds.

Private as well as public universities should reflect
all classes of society. and provirhI people with a
really. as opposed to just theoretically. equal chance
to get a college cdu 'ation.

3) No tuition incrc' " between sophomore illid
junior years, nor for graduate sliirlcnts. Becoming a
junior or grad studcnl docs not make it easier to
find ways of financing school: nor does it necessar-
ily improve rule‘s financial position in these lroii-
blcd limcs. in any case, collcgi- should nol have to
he (lcfmcrl mainly as a financial speculation In in-
lindcrliikcn solely for the purposi- of 11 i'cnunicrativc
i‘ai‘ccr; it should bc ii place Iii i-xlciid Uiic's
kiiowlcdgc and critical l'aclillu-s. iiiiciinslrziiiitcd by
financial considerations. [I is loo easy for lhosc who
hold the purse strings to influence by hiring
lll'llt‘lil't'S \\‘lial gels laiiglil £Illll what people have to
learn. Ilius introducing a snbl 1c kind of fascism into
our t'llllt'illllilllll system (and inlciisifyiiig n li-ndcni-y
lilill alrciiily 111 some i‘\ll'lll I'\|Sl.\'l.

li' llii-sc proposals :ii'i' iioi ilt't‘t'jlli‘tl. llll' |i\iiig
situation of iioii-piiii-lcgi-il young pi-oplc will pill
innrc iii-spi-i'nlc \\'c should be preparing for ways to
iiw uni l1\(‘Slll;ll don‘t iii-pend on llll' whinisof llii-
li-gisliiluic in thc w.i\ lliiil rlcpciidi-ni'i- on bourgeois

 

"i'ni'i-i-rs” din-s Wi- iiiiii'l iii'i-(I thr' lcglsliiluii- ll) 1151'
our ll\l'\ ltl sci'ii- lhc pcuplc linil pi'iniiiilc Il'\(llll'
tion It lllt' proposals ill‘t' ill'f‘l'lllt'fl. wc must icalizi-
lhiil llll\ success isuiily li-nipiniiiy and [boy “1” li_\
lllt' \.l|1|l' lilt'llt's lillt'l llll' \lillt' l.\ 111 .i lisi'nl crisis
lliiil isn‘t .iboiil lll go away. by llli'll \\I' iiilisl l)l'
\lltlllL'l'l lllilll Wu 1111‘ on“. Thu tiny lui us in llt'
stiiiiig Is lltll to define illll inn-s in ways lll.'|l llt'|ll'lltl
on llll‘ legislature. lml iii \iiiys “1111 :iii- in I‘t'lzlllllll in
lllt‘ ii-nl llt'l'ilS of the \‘iisl majority 01 llil‘ [H'Upll‘ of
this country and lllt' world. It is bci'iiiiiing increas-
iiieg l'll‘tll lhal llic sysli-iii of ciipilzilisin and
imperialism is :i dciid-i-nil slri‘i-l and must lll' “swept

into llll' dust-bin 01 history Mm“ “mm”,

The Great Tuilion Rip-off

“The State Univcrsily no longci 1"Irsl. iniiiiin

considers il desirable to builii all

dalc llll' numbcrs of students it

will serve in thc fliturc”...”\vi~ or Rockefeller.
stamp of llh Slalc Senate; cacli

havr- got in look toward tuition

levels zit Ihc piililic ('olit'gcs of one serves for

is scl liy lhc 'l‘i'iis-
Ices of the Stali- University. (Erin~
llii- facilities iii-cdcd lo accoiiimo- i'alioii Law 0007) The l'ifli-cn
lrustccs are appointed by (lovern- NI'W IIIIlIUn for prnjcctcd bond

bonds sold February 10. 1071
willi the rubber issues.

ii lcn-ycar ll'l'lll.

$000,175.000.00 in bonds :ilii-ady
issued. and llll' $33,000,000 00 111

Construction cost overruns and
outrageously high interest l'illl'S

 

 

the state that Will help in narrow
the pi‘cscnl gap in luitions be-
public and private col-
lcgcs. ((iovcrnor Rockefeller:
lliidgcl Statement on January 11),
1072. and lhi- Stale of llic Slalc
Message on January 10. 1072.
respectively.)

Whnl cisc docs Rockefeller hich
in mind for us? He proposed
joining the City University of New
York Willi SUNY. raising liiilion
on botli (CUNY is now free) and
giving 30 million dollars of tax
money to pi‘ivulc colleges.

Some of tlic cutbacks recently
dnnounccd were: 1111' elimination
of 1.100 jobs. reduction of lllllltl'
ing maintenance. the number of
books plll't‘lliist'tl by libraries Will
be half of wlial Wci purchased
during lhc curri-nl fiscal year, and
overall lll'lillll scrvu'cs will he cur-
tailed. SUNYA alone will lose 107
faculty and staff people All of
this is going In be stacked up Ill!
[be prcscnt classroom overcrowd-
iiig. cutbacks In the number of
courses available. equipment
slioi'liigcs. and sliorliigi-s in main-
lcniincc and office personnel. l"llr~
lhcrmorc. the tuition increases are
not conditional upon an increase
in lllt' Scholar lnccntivc Award
Program. (Education Law 011.)
And of course. the worst ind cuts
occur at SUNY's EOI' and
(.‘UNY‘s SEEK programs, which
are suppoiicd to help low—income
students make it through school.

Now, if you're sufficiently an-
noyed. let's deal with how the
money iii spent.

TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1972

twr-cn

Nol (1110 of the lruslci-s is a
professional educator chcii ari-
biinkcrs, lllt' rest are business,
finance, and corporate backers;
scvcral sit on the boards of the
bigng US. corporations.

Wlii-ri- docs lhc lullion money
go'.‘ llcfiirc 10011, SUNY under-
graduate students paid no tuition.
in 19051. llll' Stale Uiiin-rsity cm-
barkcd on a 10 ycar plan for
financing capilal construction.
The 'l‘rusli-cs assigned tuition to
thc Stale University Construction
l“illl(l (Education Law 355(5) )
which is a "public bcncfil corpo-
ration" (Education Law 371(1) )
lliiit has the responsibility of plan-
ning. designing. and building lllt‘
lnmb-likc SUNY campuses lcxr
ccpt for dorms). All projects are
embodied in lllt‘ Master Plan (h‘d-
Ht‘lllltlll Law 3154). Previously.
SUNY Construction was paid for
by bond issues approved in gi-ncr-
nl i-lcclioiis; i.i~. the $250 million
bond issue in 1057.

lily the way. if you don't know.
lhc ('onstriiclioii Fund is 2i llllll'
person board of Rockefeller ap-

poiiilccs.)

Since liilill. lhc lloiisiiig l"i~
niinci- Agency has sold bonds in
large lots to private invostors, pri-
marily banks. to finance Construc
tion li‘und projects. The bonds
are paid off by tuition monies
over ii .‘10 year period,

According to the New York
Times of January 27. 1071. page
1. current tuition revenue is ade-
quute to meet the cost of the

are |)l‘1111(' factors Ill selling our

lnilions. wilt'll Ilic 51mg "plays
construction I‘Ijl‘lil'l'.” the majori-
ty of money is wasted. Example:
llll‘ Mail. Three years behind schc-
(lulc. Wlllll' llic 'l'wiii 'I'owcrs [pri-
vale) office building was com-
plated in 1X months. The ('(isl of
the Mall is today FOUR limcs llll'
original estimate. (New York
Times. 1/29/71. p. 17)

in addition. bcsidcs paying exor-
biliinl bond m s to banks. liki-
Roi'kcfcller's ( s. Manhattan,
students Will now be forced to
pay more iiitcrcsl on their loans
for tuition payment from the
banks. (7"n NYlll‘IAC loans).

 

 

Wlial can we. students. staff,
faculty and taxpayers do? At
SUNYA. ii group calling itself
SUNY Students In Fiﬁ/1f 'I'uiiioii
has l)t'l'll organized. and spill up
into five working coiiimillci-s.
lii'nr inforiiiiilioii call chcll"ii’c at
4574500). This organization is
working for lhc tlircc above
nicnliiiiicd demands. Sliilc col-
lcgcs and High Schools are cooper-
ating, and an informational clear-
ing house has been set up in
Brooklyn. On March 20. New
York State High School and Col-
lege students, and anyone else
concerned. will stage a dcmonstrir
tion in Alliaiiy. What happens
after that will probiilily depend on
the outcome of the State budget
procedures.

courtesy of Sweet Fire

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Main Problm pathy

by Claude Weinberg

Appioxiinnlcly ‘10 Sllrlli‘lll\ mostly nicmbcrs ol lllt' SUNYA
Slnili-nts Against 'l'iiilioii. :iilciiilcd ihc 'l'uilion 'l'i-iicli-in Workshop
Iiisl 'I'Iiiii'sdiiy morning The workshop evolved into an informal
woilishop. duo in part to lllt' poor lurii-oul.

l‘hi- |iti.\.\ll)llllll‘.\ of changing llll' dcr sioii regarding the inc .
iuiiioii wow :11 first discussed with very lilllc oplniiisni. (inc student
i-oiiiiiicnli-d "l'ri-c luilion l.\ rcnliy iilopiiin' and 11 was generally
l‘tillt'llllll‘tl lh;il dcmaiuls for :i graduated scale of llllllUli. or at least
lllt' srinic llIIllUll as last year would lll' i-asicr to accomplish.

Many full that llll' iiicrciisc in tuition and luilion ilscll' imposes
cairi-cr lll)jl'(‘l|\‘t's upon sliidi-iils. and llial a new evaluation of the
purposi- of i-dnciilion is iiccdcil. It is generally agreed [but most
sliidciilx come to school for lllt'll‘ 1iA's and lhc iiilcnlion of securing a
“a new level of

ill

 

 

well-paying Job. (inc student said lhnl he has
coiisciniisiii-ss" and that llll‘l'l' is "a tension iiisidc about Illl' need for
an cdncaiion and the reali' lioii that there are no jobs.

it was suggcsli-d that if the tuition is not lowered by the rally
scheduled for March 20. the students should conduct a ‘rcnl slrikc"
and refuse to pay llic K‘Xll’tl tuition. As one girl said, "ll'll be kind of
difficult In slop 8.000 rcgistraliinis next semester."

llowcvi-i', thc main problem seems to bc coniballing apathy. There is
a great amount of neglect and indiffcri-ncc outside of llic campus. and
sludcnls are basically isolated from the community. A large
proportion of people arc unaffected by tuition increases, and the
llllllll)l‘1' iil' invoIVcd parents is small. it was slrcsscd that students
should come iiilo more contail with the community.

Organizing students is :iiiollicr problem. When asked about lhc
student's sentiments, one person said that “people are angry and
frustrated. linl no one is ready to deal with the situation." The
no-luition inch is discouraging many students as they consider
no‘tuilion an impossible goal lo achieve. However. one girl asked.
"How many people have gone down to see their asst‘ml)lyn1111‘1?...l feel
if 1 don't try a little bit. 1 have no right to complain either. My main
concern is that no one's geltirig off their ass and 1 don't know how to
mobilize them." The question still remains unaiichrcd.

* ACT

Join the Slult"W1(lt' demonstration in Albany next Monday.
March 20. Asscriiblc at the circlc at 11200 a.ni. oral Draper at
11:15. The march is scheduled for 11:30.

Write. telephone, or personally visit your State Senator and
State Assemblyman and ask him to vote against the tuition
increase. The best days to do this are Monday, 'l‘uesday iind
Wednesday as legislators head for their home districts later in the
week. Probably the Wiscst thing to do is to try to make an
appointment with your legislators on the 20th.

11' you don‘t know who your rcprcsciiliiiivcs are. call the League
of Women Voters iii 4114-7040 or mil-(537:1.

’l‘hcii. call the State Seiialc al 472‘8800 :ind llic State Assembly
111 1172-3100 iiiiil ask to be connected Wllll your representative.

\WW

 

Have your parents Wl'llt' llii-ir rcprcsi-ntiitivcs opposing llll'
luilioii incrciisc. stressing the importance of SUNY, aiid pledging
to vote only for those legislators who volc the tuition hike down.

Sign campus petitions.

Register to vote!

Atterid the general meeting to discuss future goals and tactics
tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Fireside Lounge on the second
floor of the Campus Center.

 

PAGE 11

 

