 

 

 

 

 

Save Bella

by Larry Simonberg
Associated Press Writer

Albany, NY lAP)—-Last-minute efforts to save Rep. Bella Abzug‘s
congressional seat were purposed at the Capitol Wednesday by a group
of women active in politics.

The group included about 20 Democrats and Republicans, many of
them from the Albany area, spokesmen said. They conferred with
aides involved in the remapping of congressional districts, including
James Cannon, Gov. Roekefeller's liaison man in Washington

“I feel that the situation has improved very much over the original
plans," Assemblywoman Constance Cook, RAlthaca, said in ii tele-
phone interview.

"I made my point to the leadership some time ago. 1 think the cars
are bending a little bit."

Asked why she, as a Republican, was supporting the outspoken
Manhattan Democrat, Mrs. Cook said, “We are working together in
several different ways, through schral different organizations, to get.
more women into office."

It has been an open secret in Albany for weeks that Mrs. Abzug was
a likely target of the mapmakers. As a result of the 1970 census, the
state must lose two of its all seats in the House of Representativus,
one of them from Manhattan.

Assemblyman Francis J, Boliind, R‘Binghamton, the chairman of the
Joint‘ Legislative Committee on Reapportionment, would iiol concede
that a final agreement on the. district lines had been reached. But be
confirmed the reports that Mrs. Alixug's district was being squeezed
from all sides.

The district of Rep. Cilward Kock, a Democrat, is evidently to he
extended south into Ahzug territory. Democratic Rep. John Murphy
is also likely to have his Staten Island district extended into lower
Manhattan, which Mrs. Abzug now rcprt's‘i'iils.

'l‘lic reapporlionmcnt bill is expected to be ready iiesl \veck it
remains to be seen whether protests from Mrs. Ali/.iig and others, on
her behalf, will create more favorable boundaries for a primary race
against one of the other incumbents.

“Our position was tlial Bella was entitled to a fair shake," said Ross
Graham, one of the le tiers of the women's group.

She said this off ials the group conferred willi had agreed lllt'
burden of losing a seat should be shared by the other coiigri-ssiiii-ii.

Carol Bellamy, another leader of the group, said the fact tlial there
are only two women members of congress from New York should be
taken into account, along with the feelings of various minorities.

The women promised continued "nagging" and said members of the
New York State Women's Political Caucus would meet on the matter
in Albany over the weekend. Mrs, Abzug is scheduled to address the
caucus Sunday morning.

The other lost seat is to come from the Bronx, wherc Democratic
Reps. Jonathan Bingham and James Scliciier are expected lo be
thrown together.

 

 

 

 

 

 

"What's the matter with you? The President’s ending unemployment!
Don't you read, or are you one of them damn radicals?"

New Emphasis on Speech Clinic

bv.Marlene Ravit

The University Speech
continues this semester .is it sci"
Vice to registered students who
liaVi- difficulty willi oral commun-
icatioii. 'l'liis Semester emphasis
\-. II he placed on assisting those
students who Will be entering stir
dent teaching, since it often hc~
conii-s apparlciit lliat everyday
speech habits are not appropriate
for classroom use.

The program encompasses diag~
iioslic evaluation and therapy for
problems associated willi errors in
speech sounds, disordered voici-
patterns, inadequate language
skills, stuttering, hearing losss, and

(lime

 

   

 

Wrangler thinks Americans
spend too much for clothes.

And Wrangler’s doing

something about it.
They’re giving you

what’s so hard to get

these days. What
you pay for.

Wrangler" Jeans
8. Mr. Wrangler"
W Sportswear

Wit-inciiiher the “W” I‘ Silent

ALMART STORES

ALBANY, NY

 

foreign dialect prohleiiis. lii aildi
tioii, any student
teacher wanting an informal evalu
ation of his speech is invited to

prospective

ctililt‘.

The clinic is sponsored by the
l)eaprtmcnl of Speech Pathology
and Audiology and lliere is no
charge for the service. Evaluation
initially is done by the tlircctorof
the clinic, Mrs. liyllll ll. Moran, a
Lecturer in Speech l’athologhy,
who holds a Certificate of tilinical
Uompetencc from the American

 

Speech and Hearing \ssiicmliiiii
'l'lii-i'apy is t‘itl'l'li'tl out by gi'adimii-
students iii the dpailnient under
the director's siipci'yisloii.

Should the
treatment or evaluation not avail
able at the ('llillt‘, referral is man.
to the proper agency.

Any member of [be uiiiVi-rsity
community Wishing to lake ailvan
tagc of the services offered by the
clinic may contact Mrs. Moran iii
Humanities :tK-l, MondayFriday,
‘.l a.m. noon, telephone |57»Hil!l(i.

need arise tor

Teacher Evaluations

by Eddy Trink

Renewed interest in campus-
wide teacher and course evaliia
tions has been sparked by thc
formation of ii group called
Utl'l‘lS (Undergraduate (‘ourse
and Teacher Information Survey).
The objective of Utl'l'lS is to
providc all students with till-(it'llltl'
tioii regarding all courses and
teachers at the State UniVi-rsily of
New York at Albany. At the
moment, the group has the need-
ed funds to initiate such a survey,
but lacks student volunteers and
(‘cnlral (‘oiiiicil approval to enter
classes.

(‘iliiig ii study by l’iiroliit and
Magooii of the University of Dela
\vare called "The Validity of Sin
ilenl lliiii

(‘oiirse I'l\.ilii:ilioiis,"

 

Tower East Cinema

I’Ii \i‘ll/\.‘

W08 TALGIA IV

featuring The
Three, Stooges,
Road Runner,
Little Raicals,
and lovable
Betty Boop
March 5 [AI-7
7:30 & 9:30
FREE
with state quad curd
$.50 without.

 

 

 

U(‘.'l'lS s‘ i-s that ll has but two
purposes; ”...oiii-, to piihliciu' in
formation among students that
previously flowed along an in
effective grapevine, and two, to
signal to faculty and administra
tion the likes and dislikes of sin
dents." .lon Roman, a member of
UC'l'lS's coordinating committee,
lllilllllJtlnS that the data collected
on teachers and courses would not
be used for promotion and tenure
decisions or curriculum reform.
Instead, ltomaii eiiipliiisires that
any information gathered would
be used solely by students to help
them determine what courses to
take the lot owing semester Qiies
lions about the iiiiioiiiil tIl \\'i'itIi-ii
\\‘1il'll,i'l'tllllllgzlshlulllllt'ttl\_impi‘l'x.

 

clc would be illl\\\'l‘tt'(l for .I
sliiilciit before be registered for .i
partic ilai' coursi-

\\'h‘|,. ('i'iilriil (‘oiini'il .ippiinal
is hoped tor in thi- iin-ni Iiilinc,
[it"l‘lS still has l\\'t| piiilili-iiis to
overcome The lII'.\l IN lllI' tear of
llic faculty that an) iiiloiiimlion
gathered could lII' ll\l'll .ig.iin\t
them. lloivc‘ ‘, l't'l'lS lll.tltll.||lt\
that once the "ch-.nly defined and
Ii iiited objective”
tilllllll'l/J'll, the tears id [be lilt'llll\
\\'lll lii- illll'Viillt'll

'l'hc sccotlil problem |.\ on:- th II
has plagued other public
groups Ill the past l’("l'lS is in
need of student volunteers It is
hoped that if ll("l‘lS can establish
ii \vorlting force of liitl lo Lint)
students, lllt‘ll llll' process of “illll
ciiiig iiil'oi'iiiatioii Will be lllittll' so

 

of the group is

M'l \ii'c

easy that results could be pub

lished next
iegisti'alliiii loi' llll' Spiiiig, ltl'i’Ii

seiiii-stci' foi pre

M‘lllt'hll‘l’

liili'i'csleil \ll tl.\ \vlio \\‘|t|lltl
lIl\l‘ .iilililioiial iiiloiiii.i|iuii coii
cciiiiiig llt"l'lS should contact .loii

Roman at lii'l l.ltl'._'

 

PAGE 18

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH  l9'7L?

 

. m Mm,

 

 

 

FORUM

There has been considerable debate recently over
the regulation that students who live in dorms must
eat in the dining halls. Proponents of the mandatory
meal plans have argued that the regulation is
essential if Food Service is no! to go bankrupt, and
that there are prohibitive sanitation problems in-
herent in allowing students to cool: meals in the
dorms.

Opponents maintain that Food Service is here lo
serve the students, and that the monetary matters
are of secondary importance. Furthermore, they
question the belief that cooking in the dorms is
unsanitary.

It is with this in mind, then that tU(’ ush‘ llic
question, “Should Mandatory Meal Plans be Alia»
lishcd?‘

by John Hartley, Vice-President for

Management and Planning:

At first glance, the prospects of a voluntary meal
plan seem slim. Facilities for dorm cooking ill't'
severely limited and the accomodalions offered
within reasonable distance from campus do iiol
seem viable. Consider, for example the large number
of graduate students living on Alumni Quail, who
voluntarily elect a meal plan, Forecasts of the
conditions ensuing with abolition of the mandatory
program are frightening An increase in rodent iiiiil
roach infestation would he the first sign of over
extended facilities, but there Cl'l‘l‘tlllly would be the
first sign of overextended facilities, but there
certainly would be others, This gi-n ‘- , bleak
prediction is also borne oiil by reports of the Stony
Brook experienCe with a voluntary plan.

Unfortunately, this sorry state of llll' alternative
indicates that mandatory meal plans and Food
Service are here to stav. But although requiring a
meal plan seems inevitable, this does not mean that
the present system must haunt us until some
workablc voluntary system is found.

Complaints about Food Service. and its parent
lt'iicully-Studeiit Association, are about as common
complaints about the weather Student gripes ahoiit
dorm food are part of the American college lradi
tioii. What's more, this is an accepted condition of
life; everyone complains, but no tillt' \t‘t'lllh to do
anything about it.

In reviewing the shortcomings ol the present

 

S0...

Abolish Forced Feeding?

operations, and prescribing the new paths to follow.
it was recently recommended that the FSA aid all
members of the community, especially students in
experimental projects are judged economically and
physically feasible. Surely there are ideas for im»
proving the Food Service operation that would not
entail a gigantic overhauling of the present kitchen-
'at'eteriu sclnups on the quads, nor ii huge ‘asb
expenditure. For example, a recent news article
described offering natural foods in place of regular
dorm fare with good results at one American
university. The forthcoming Kosher Kitchen, which
involved some renovation. is also a step in providing
something more than starch and roast beef to Food
Service's captive audience.

But primarily, reforms are needed in the basic
contract feeding. Food quality seems to have
declined in the past. year, but what has been done to
restore it'.‘ ('ertainly, the rise in meat prices brings
its problems, but tli' does not explain the boring
starch set before residents students each each night.
Nor does it explain the myst. procedures in
turning anything into some sandwicliable salad.

Food Service is the only part of the FSA which
makes a decent financial showing, and the surplus
from the contract feeding supports many of lt‘SA's
shaky operations in other areas. ltwould absolutely
not be too great a request to see some improvement
Ill the mandatory meal plan using some of llial
surplus, so that, the residents could see some positive
results from their sliouldcriiig such a large financial
burden for the entirety of FSA. However, to expect
such reforms to come from Food Service itself
seems a bit. too optimistic, although it has shown
some responsiveness to student gripes.

Unfortunately, a viable voluntaiy meal plan has
not yet inati-rialim-d. However, to continue the
present inadequate system of mandatory plans
without change would he tremendoust delinquent.
(‘oiild Food Service survive as now operating with
out its capIIVc audience" if students are to cil to
ll\'l' With a mandatory plan. it is time they saw some
positiw- change

 

 

 

anyone else

by Carol Hughes

1 do not think that mandatory
meal plans for resident students
should be abolished. The manage-
ment of food service in virtually
any institution, particularly in col-
leges and universities will con»
firm lliat it is very difficult to do
an adequate job of meal planning
unless the numbers of people to
be served are pretty well
established in advance. Naturally,
with mandatory board contracts
these numbers of people are
known and thus the planning job
is much more positive and defini-
tive than it would be if all meals
were on a cash basis This in turn
leads to operating economies
which serves to keep the cost of
purchasing, preparation and ser-
ving down.

While it would perhaps be
desirable for students to haVe a
free choice as to wlial meals they
were going to have on campus,
under such circumstances it would
not be possible to sustain the kind
of food service which is currently
provided. Because of the inability
to plan precisely and the int-Vila
hlc drop in volume, prices for cash
ll‘lt'llls would be considerably higher
than priccs students are paying
under mandatory contracts. And
the quality of food would proba-
bly not he as good. 'l‘hcse (il)!it‘t'*
vatioiis are borne out by conver-
sations with professional food
services, such as SAGA and
AltASlati-r, who express interest

'73

interested

in providing food service to
universities only when such ser-
vices are on a mandatory contract
plan, Their experience has shown
them that a wholly cash operation
cannot be successful from either a
quality or financial standpoint
unless high prices are charged.

in addition to the financial
questions raised by the abolition
of mandatory food service con-
tracts, there nre ii number of other
problems which might also be
caused by this actionExperience
has shown that when students are
not on mandatory board contracts
there is likely to be an increased
incidence of cooking in rooms
which brings about problems of
insect and rodent control, of
smoke and grease, of stale food
odors, and of garbage disposal,
(looking in rooms also adds to the
cost of electricity, and increases
the workloads of custodians iii the
dormstln times when the State of
New York has severe budget res-
lrictions, these increased costs,
although somewhat intangible, are
still items for consideration,

So, on balance, while it might be
preterahle socially for students in
have the freedom lo cal meals as
they choose, i do not think that
the abolition of a mandatory
board charge would be financially
or environmentally practi ml with
the food and dorm setup we
currently have here in SUNY-
Albany.

chance to take your senior portraits
for M yearbook

is this year!

PLEASE SIGN UP NOW

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1972

AT THE

Starting March 5

INFORMA T10N DESK.

Love, the staff of

TORCH '73

loaded by sluduiil tax
'u'n't'o‘b'th‘v'o'ﬁ

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 19

. w...»

. - um..- 4 unused“

12‘.“

 

