u.- ’, h“ MMWMA-.«.M.~UW,....,...,, . ., ., __ V

 

Playoffs,   

 

 

 

 

Siickmen Here Tomorrow

 

 

 

Nehnen Split First Two

byAI-IAbbsy
'lhe tennhaabonhlw-
expactsdsofer,utheDaneNet-
man have split their first two

humanism. The shore two
teamed up fortheteanl'sthiﬂl
print as they won I‘ll“-
...u. Ania Hathaway rank-d

Home Opener

byBruesMIin'

The Albany State baseball team finally opened its
1912 season with a 8-0 shutout victory over Oswego
ﬂats in a doubleheader played last Sunday. he
ucondmw-aﬂed aftermeninnin'withthe
score tied 1-1. Albany was scheduled toopen two
weekssgo but thetesrnbadnotbeenehletoplsy
because of the "Nice Albany walla." Gann- that
have been postponed include pines agalmt Oswego,
Hathburﬂ: and Cortland.

The hero for Albany was Nick Asduuo. Nick
pitchedagoodpmeesha only gave upfonrhita
ﬂue batting in a run.

the hall pane but held on for a 3-0 win.

in the secolid game, Albany pt off to an early 14)
lead in the first inning. Den DePoreat led off with a
he hit. Den went to second on a wild pitch and
scored on bashy’a stride.

Oswego scored their only run of the afternoon
when Fred Mulder ainded to tie the score 1-1.

’11:. aacondpniewasstoppedaftaraeveninnin'
whanlthecemeimpo-ibletofinishthepme
because of rain.

The Albany Baseball team is now 2-2-1 on the
suson. but Wednesday the Danes defeated New

In Defense of Title

by Bruce Maggin

Tomorrow afternoon the Al-
bany Great Dane lacrosse team
opens its defame of the Northern
New York Division against RIT at
the lacrosse field.

Coach Bob Ford feels that the
key to the division title will be in
the next two weeks. Albany in
that period plays ﬁve league foes.
Ford believes the race for the
championship will be wide open.

has been bolstered with Dan Gero-
limstos, a transfer student.

One of the big questions for the
lacrosse team this year was who
was going to replace the attack-
ment. All three starters graduated.
Ford gambled by moving Jimmy
Miller from midﬁeld to attack-
man. So far the move has payed
off as Miller scored a goal and
assisted on seven others against
FDU. Jimmy is a small quick

the J.V, have never played la-
crosse before.

Heister, O'Donnell Coeaptains

Senior goalie Tom Heister (Man-
lius) and junior midﬁelder Jeff
O’Donnell (East Northport) have
been elected co-captalns of the
1972 State University at Albany
lacrosse team. Both are returning
lettermen from last spring's 8-2

_ an m of the team. In“. “N . on | th win Ithaca who was co-cham ions ' '
m “In. mined out of I h m in m a.“ me, In “a 5,0. Win, an view” over. ego p I. e . n P agressive player. Also at attack- squad that tied for the Northern
.  hm Colt 01:“! '- ‘ m W  “it”! I I I y I | i u N" “a. “my is 2-0-1 in SUNY conference wrth Albany last year.h88 already man are John Wilcox and Brian New York Division championship
mm: P u a” D“. In.“ W m h I I I “I. any '“h . m.“ we Chum.“ ton"... “a. I my “1h spring. However, the Danes lost a double- lost a game to 9911880. Geneso Nobis. with a 6-0 record.
Plattehlll‘ﬂl Ebb. and most unlu- ﬂowwm' hm M m not playinl .‘n‘. and Bill Lappe drew a walk loading the bass. header, to Pobdem Int fall that counts in the league coutl: behthe surpnseiofftfhte leagug "ammo" Pos‘poned Coach Ford said. “The m on
I mm. 54. A” a. _ w I l R. M m mm mm “my 2-2-1, I BE ey We Jumpe 0 0 ﬂ ‘ teams lsee, the more i realize that
cotdl'ﬂl to 00"" I'm” up w a.“ Down“.- The “1 u” l on. I y ,‘lhis afiemoon at 3:00, Albany entertains Union record.

Hathaway, the entire teen! ﬂayed
well. Even thouﬂl that sindes
ﬂayer, Herold Forest, w. de-
feated by Plattehurdl's top player,
Hathaway praised Forest's play,
and sho excmed him, saying that
heweanotyetuptoper,-he
had been ill.

The day before, a home match
with RPI wu washed out.

The team's ﬁrst match of the
seuon, lut Monday, was at the
Coast Guard Academy. where the
Dane Netmen were losers by the
score of 3-6. The only two players
that won were Chris Burke, the
team Captain, and Steve

Hathaway. 'lheir competition '"l
he stiff, and the team in I set
impeﬂeneed, however Coach
Hathaway sounded am
when he spoke of his team’s
chances.

crackeda hue hitscoringtworuns.’l‘heDanee
ﬂatbed their scoring for the day with mu single by
Aacienem

After that inning the Danes could not nil-tar
another attack. They could not pt I hit the rest of

 

Team Hors

Normandin (6th).

 

On Sunday, April 16 SUNYA riders once again fared well at the
second Intercollegiate Horse Show of the semester. It was held at
Jersey City State College, judged by Mrs. Frank Chapot. Four out
of ﬁve riders won ribbons in their classes. They were Stacy Frank
(1st), Dee Wickham (2nd). Robin Sagan (5th), and Sharon

es Around

 

 

 

Welcomes you to on “mural Marmot, inexpensive I ley sanctions!

new Italian lestnurun . . . server.
SWET'PI ~ MEN]
VEAL PARMIGIAN - LASAGNA- BURGERS- BEER -WINE ETC.

and

m

 

 

 

lunch served lartcr lhan you

“EH-MM no!

Walton-savouth

. FAMth Emma

    

. aria“:

 



leal llslian Plus 8. other

(Bodega. Tomorrow afternoon the Danes are home
I'll! as Albany takes on mother SUNY conference
foe, Oneonta.

 

Today the Batman show Union adlapthe SUNVA Campus as they
take them on in a baseball contest.

TOWN 12m;

ltllLE NOHIH 0F LATHAM CIRCLE— RT 9

BEST FILM
OF THE YEAR
BEST DIRECTOR
0F THE YEAR.

Ford Impressed

Coach Ford was impressed with
the teams victory even though
FDU was a weaker oponent. Ford
was particularly pleased with the
play of goalie Torn Heister. Ford
stated, “Heister is a great team
leader. He is worthy of All-
American honors."

Ford admits that the defense has
played sporadic. The defense is
young and there should be con-
tinued improvement. The defense

CLASSIFIED BOXES
are located in the library
and seroas from the famed

 

 

 

 

 

Last Saturday's game at Hamil-
ton was postponed. After the RIT
game, the Danes play at home
Saturday against Hartwick. Ford
expects a tough physical game
against Hartwick.

In J.V. lacrosse action, Union
College bombed the Dane Pups,
7-1. However, many players on

 

BASKETBALL

Any person planning on trying
out for the varsity basketball
team next fall that did not
attend the meeting in March
should contact Dr. Sauers prior

 

 

 

or extra credits,"

orgitake address you can't fit .lnfi)‘

Heister is one of the finest goalies
around. And O'Donnell uses his
lspeed and excellent stick handling
to great advantage in breaking up
an opponent’s ride and bringing
the ball upfield."

Heister, a 5-11, 190-pound prod-
uct of Fayetteville-Manlius High
School, gained junior college All-
American honors as goalie at
Farmingdaie A & T. In his first
season at Albany, he was credited
with 19.1 saves a game and per-
mitted an average of only 6.1
goals.

O’Donnell graduated from John
H. Glenn High School. He has
lettered in lacrosse as both a
freshman and sophomore at Alba-
ny and is the top returning scorer
this spring. Last year, the 5-9,

Rangers

Nets

 

Knicks - vi
Knicks lead Boston Celtics 2—0 ‘

Rangers lead Chicago Black Hawks l—O

Nets trail Virginia Squires 2—0

 

Golfers Lose

by Bruce Maggin

The Albany State golf team
opened its spring season with a
loss as the Danes were defeated by
a tough Oswego State team,
448-486.

Golf coach Doc Sauers stated
“My golfers did respectany for
their first match." Albany came

able to extend their winning
streak to 36 dual matches.

Albany averaged 81 for their six
golfers as compared to 74.5 by
the winners. Coach Ssuers was
very pleased with Jerry Monusky.
Jerry shot a 76, the best score for
Albany.

Doc Sauers feels that the golfers
will get stronger as the season

 

 

c.c. lnfo.desk.,,.  to leaving school. 155_pound 0-Donne” scored six up against a strong team. Oswego progresses. This afternoon, Al- '
goals and assisted on 10 others for is one of the two best teams in the bany facm Oneonta at Colonic “

16 points. east. Against Albany, Oswego war Golf Course. » 

3

can say "larger ’n’ law" if," delights "atter-lhc-show" 
 '1’ ‘4
suscrus, SALAD 
l 9 % Isle Oul meals "Italian Style" (JAMS, do I," ' -.
"‘ "unsessoned" yenkecs ,
Welcomes you to some suiting new ldeos "not no
f.

BARINEIJY DIFFERENT

S’lEDlS . . n delirious m llolinn food sensation reminded (MI at meet,

char-broiled on a drawer

SALAD UUFFET cll-you-sanvnt inrluded "has" with dinner. ' F, “as -

 

NOW OPIN 7 DAYS A WIIX from ":30 u.m. to the Woe Hours

 

Dining rooms. . .

I OIFE . . . in addition to our delightful waitress servlce
. A Sell Sen/Ire room built for lnlonnal, tut
service, and dedirsled to non-tippers. Eel herhlshe Oul.

WISIEIN AVENUE al IUllEl ROAD

,, Mi} Ankh”

 
 

 

°"°':.‘"w':r:;‘."s.‘:.f'z:‘::r;: ®
FOUR SHOWS ON SUNDAY
1:15, 4:00. 6:45 and .

 

PAGE 10

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1972

 

 

 

