 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

In what may very well turn out
to be the most inspiring session of
music-making this area has seen In ‘
quite a while, the Siena College ‘
Student senate Entertainment
Committee has shown us that one
can be a college promoter while
still preserving one‘s taste for
quality entertainment. The Blues
iscomin’! '

If Blues Festival weekend is not
a complete success in every way,
it won‘t be because of the fantas-
tic artists who will be featured.
Their rtamcs read like a Who’s
Who of Blues: Go and see the
:oncerts. sure. But if yoii have
my inclination to learn ltow the
blues is created in the first place.
bring your instruments to those
workshops. brothers and sisters.
and let them show you.

   

 

’l  JUIIN I.l‘.l‘: HOOKER
‘ MUDDY WA'I‘liRS
I. 1 8:00 PM. (I‘ritlay, March 10) I
* * * * .
AR'I‘IIUR "BIG BOY" CRUDUP _ 4 V A .
l.U'l‘|ll-LR ALLISON ' A “w I,’ ’
JAMI‘BCO’ITON BLUI‘ZS HAND 
MUDDY WATERS 8:00PM. (Saturday. March 1 I) JOHN LEE HOOKER
. C . . D
From The A/lrssrssrppr Delta To Loudonvrlle, N. Y.
I I he Blues '5 A Feelin "
LUTHER ALLISON
Workshops
,.- Worltsliopr Friday. March 10.

1972 at 1:00 p.iii. JUIIN LEE
HOOKER“ The Pit. (libboiis
Ilall: MUDDY WATERS l’lass-
mann llall Visitor's Lounge.
Workshops‘ Saturday. March 11,
1972. at 3:00 pm. AIt'l'llUR
"BIG BOY" CRUDUI’" Ilt~ttiiupin

 

 

 

 

. Notes on the "English" Symphony

By Andy Palley

There is an annoying aspect of classical music which persists from
generation to generation without anyone trying to effect its change.
This is the “repertoire” sustem. where a select grotip of pieces get
played over and over again. at! IlllllSt'll/II. with the occasional addition
of a less frequently heard work. When classical music was solely
restricted to the concert hall. there tniglit have bccna reason for tltis.
But now. when the finest stereos can reasonably approximate
concert-hall acoustics. new things should be hard. The major
symphonies are twentieth century. This is good. but there still exists a
wealth of unmined literature in the 18111 and 19th centuries that may
surprise someone with its excellence.

Not so long ago. Dvorak's 8th Symphony was one of those
infrequently heard works—riot ignored, but generally passed itp in
favor of his immensely popular “New World Symphony." It is now a
standard piece in the rerpertoire. performed most recently by the
NY. Philharmonic and last summer by the Philadelphia Orchestra at
Saratoga--rrnd. therefore. (not surprisingly). by the SUNYA University
Community Symphony. There is also a new wealth of recordings-led
by the Raphael Kubelik recording riiade with the Berlin Symphony
back in 196‘).

There is something almost 'l'oscanini-ish aboutthis particular record.
Not since Toscartitii have 1 heard an orchestra ﬂow with the conductor
as well as this. It is as though if Mr. Kubelik raises his shoulder. or
even winks an eye, the violins will pause. reflect. attack. and retreat
with every note on the page. And. as 11F. Tovey once said about
Dvorak. there are plenty of notes! Dvorak had much to say in his
symphonic works. and. though Kubelik's approach is a bit less literal
thatn others, it is carried off with a far superior result. The only thing
that lacks is a bit of intestinal fortitude in the brasses. They could
play stronger.

Next on the list must be the old (leorge Szell recording which has
been re-released on the Columbia label in a three record set. Though
his reading here is not as smooth as the Kubelik. it has the appeal of
being more boisterous and jovtal. while the Kubelik is pensive. The
one remarkable thing about this particular reading is the final coda.
The music itself is exciting. and any performance will get the blood
running. but this record will lift you right out of your seat. That's a
proveri fact!

Much has been said of the later Szell recording on the Angel label
(his last recording-he died shortly before it was released). I‘m not sure
that it is as good as the critics say. It is less effervescent than his
earlier disc. and has the distinct advantage of the mufﬂed. low-key
sound which Angel oftcneonm up with on its better releases. He
seems to have changed his mind about the ending as well, for it lost
something in the years between the two recordings. There are many
good thingmosi notably the playing of the Cleveland Orchestra (it
seems that I can‘t laud them cnouglil), but I can‘t recommend this
disc without reservation.

The Karajan recording with the Vienna l’hil. used to be the only one
tobuy. Now it is third on the list, but it is tight. well-played. and an
overall good performance. The London sound is okay. but gets
muddy at tinns. i own it because of the unbelievable playing of the
horn section. The Vienna Phil.‘s French horn section was, and perhaps
still is. incomparable—at any rate. they play without microphones and
their sound is pure and uneorrupted (there is a famous incident which
happened when the Vienna PM]. was recording Wagner‘s Ring des
Nibelungen, in which the Horn section refused to play the famous
Siegfried horn pamges until their mammoth case of German Beer was
delivered. They held up an hour of valuable recording time. unti the
rmn arm with the beer. They polished off the case in no time. and
played the calls perfectly on the ﬁrst try. It’s true--Lotidon records
released this informlion in their book. Ring Reromtding. the story of
the historic ﬁrst recording of the entire Ring Cycle. At least their
playing is uncorruptedl).

Of the other recording available. the Kertesz/London disc suffers
from sound that is too bright and over-miking--the Horns often sound
as though they were seated in the audience! In addition. the finale is
conducted far too stimy, with a noticeable lack of the nuances of
tempo and dynatiics which could enhance the technical problems in
the music itself. The Munch is passable. but simply ordinary. The
Rowicki is hard to come by. and l have only heard it once. so I won't

attempt to pass judgement—however. if his other Dvorak recordings
mean anything. it should be excellent (his recording of the 6th
Symphony is phenomenal). There is a brand new recording out on
Nonesuch which I have no information on whatsoever. save that of
friend of mine.who says it's fantastic. but I don‘t trust him--he's not a
musician. He‘s a Poli-sci major.

To update a past article. the Szell recording of Beethoven's Fifth has
been released on a specially-priced double with Schubert's Unﬁnished
and Dvorak's New World. Certainly something to own-save for it.

  

 

 

6! think God is sort of
a super heavy cat who sits up
in the shy and periodically

wipes people out.99

If you've got something to say about God, we'll gin you
- litetime to say it . . . u a Priest in the Alb-y Diocese.
We're looking Ior hard-core human beings.

(.mttm'l.‘ l"r. Iiill Ilyln
44 0. Main Avenue
Albany. N. Y. lm
482-5562

 

 

 

   
 

PAGE 14

 
 
 

 

Hall Lower Lounge;
LU'I'III'IR ALLISON" l’lassiiirnin
"all Visitor's Lounge; JAMES
COTTON-- The Pit. (iibhtiiis llall.

'l‘ICKE'I‘S AVAILABLE AT:
Van Curlcr Music ()(i.* 128 State
Street. Albany; l)cja Vir llou~
lique" 2t (Icntral Avenue,
Albany. 112 Jay Street. Sclicticc-
lady. .‘it‘r .‘irtl Strct-l. ’l‘roy; Sicna
Collegi- Bookstore-I.ourloiiville;
and The Campus (lcntcr (Up-town
Campus) SUN YA.

General Atliittxsiori- $5.00 for
both nitcs (Nil SINGLE NI'I'E
TICK I'I'I‘S]

 

 

300 ticlxcts have Iit't‘ll t‘c-
served for SUNYA students.
They will be on sale this
Thursday iii the (Iarnpus (len-

 

tcr Lobby.

 

I-ia 1 Wm—

 

 

 

  
    
   

0- Herein 17, the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

featuring poems, photos and essays
all on the theme of Springtime.

ASP publishes in

Issue.

it will be contained as an insert with the regular ASP.

lop-n wishing to contribute in any my,
contact Jolt Rodgers. cc 334 or 451-2190.

_n-Ir-

 

m u in n m u irrin

  

 

Ji-Jlnlilnullillll

 

 

 

Jazz!

Mr. David l’circc. director of Hit“
Capital District Jam. Society. Illt‘.,
will be it guest on the Wltl’l-l"M
(01.5). jazz program Sunday.
March 12, 1072. ill 10:00 p.m. He
will do a feature progrriiit oii the
jam. combo and present informa-
tion on the (71).lS. a nonprofit
membership corporation being
formed to promote jaw. in the
capital district. The recordings
used for the program will present
“Vtiry 01‘“ 0f jam. front the earliest
traditional to the latest ttVttlll.
~gurde.

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1972

r-°°--°-----°-°---t

  
 

it harm State [linema

  

  ACINEMUS MAXIMUS  n w A v

.--fnparimtirit5il Series

MARIJUANA I'llltft‘ll'l'ltiN tl'tln shot by u slrult‘rl t‘l’l‘lt'.
with (i tort-cited cast. 11 lilxl'l'l‘la'lt til"('t)NS(‘Ild.\/('Iv.'

deals With two tmrl' rt‘xls‘it'l‘h‘ Also frat/inn! [Il‘tlt’ tt’lliilt'I‘S
AIRPLANE (;lrIII'4‘, I I.(,)l’lr‘ Y()l’. t’INIu'M.-lNl.-l. and "torn

   

Nine short films by student and independent film-
makers. Thursday, March 9th at 7 8t 9:30 in
LC-18...$.75 with current tax 8t 10; $1.25 with-
out...funded by student tax.

t........‘......¢>..

----------------------------

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1972

On Saturday’s Concert...

The Albany Symphony annourr
cos the biggest concert ever spow
sorctl by the Concert Board of
SUNYA—i‘ltl musicians and a
conductor. The Jazz Sounds of
I)11V(.' Brubeck Trio and the
Albany Symphony will play this
concert in the SUNYA Gymnate
ium on Saturday. March 11. 8:00
p.rn.

'l'ht- Symphony will play a
Iitlt’lll‘tu‘ll lllt‘llll'y and Nashville
iiit-tllt-y featuring rock drums, fon-
tlt'l' bass. and jam. piutolo. The
Mozart a'la-Motlernc is Mount up
tinted iii a rock sound by Georg
Siravo arrrnigcr and collipoxer.
The 1312 ()V(‘I’llll1' arid two "MH'I‘
ilit‘lllS from the "Planets" by
(lustavo Ilolsl "Mars" and
"Jupiter", lbert's Ilrichannalc will
be inr'liidcd in this concert.

Tickets are $4.00. students
$2.00 with student tax. Tickets
may be obtained at the Campus
Center at The University's uptown
campus between 10:00 run. and
2:00 pm. or at the Albany
Symphony office. lloom 26. I)&H
building. Albany, or by calling
465-4755.

‘3...

Rita Shane. soprano will be the
guest artist with the Albany
Symphony in two concerts. Fri-
day, March 17. in Saratoga. at the
Skidmore Campus and on Satur-
day. March lit. at the Palace
Theatre. Albany. The Albany
Concert is the sixth of the sub-
scription series concerts.

Miss Shane a nativo of New
York City, is a graduate of
Bamurd College and received he

 

FESTIVAL

Sunday, March

money
Palace Theatre. P.0. Box 287,

 

J. GEIlS
 SWEATHOG

Palace Theatre — Albany
LIMITED NUMBER OF SEATS $4.50
When these are gone. all tickets $5.00

AT ALI. TICKETRON LOCATDNS

Matt orders accepted with sulfidde
and check or order payable to "Festival". Send to

PRESENTS:
19th, at 7 P.M.

stamped envelope
Albany. N.V. 12201.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

formal training with the Santa Fe
Opera and at Hunter College oper-
a workshop.

lti 1970 Miss Shane made her
debut at liriScala. Milan and has
performed at the Munich Festival
-'1‘lie Netherlands Opera. Geneva
and Cologne Opera. “or most
recent appearance in the United
States lirch included the St. Louis
Opera Festival. the Santa Fe Oper-
a, the Chattanooga Opera. and the
Kentucky ()pcra. Her solo concert
pcrforriianees also included the
Ililydn'MtWJll'l Festival. til Lincoln
Center. and the Clarion Orchestra
in Town Hall.

The program will include
Vivaltli's l’iceolo Concerto. with
Holly Stackliousc. soloist.
Beethoven's Symphony No. ti
"Pastoral". Richard Strauss. 6
songs on poctliii of lirentrriio. 0p.
68. sutig by Mites Shrine rind
llrivol‘s LaVrrlse.

Tickets for the Mrircli 17
Saratong (‘oncert are $41.00 illitl
students $2.00. Reservations may
be made by calling 465-4755.

Tickets for the March 18 con-
cert at the Palace are $5.50.
$4.50. $3.50. $2.50 all students
$1.50. Cull 4554755 for reserva-
tions. The Symphony Office at
Dtlrli Building.

      
  
  
  
   

Bllt'l‘ll RIGII'I‘
Effective alternative to abortion
non profit; iioti denominational
free: no charge
hours: Mon-Fri 9-1 s. Wed 5-6 am
52 Robin Street Albany
463~9183 iﬁbllﬁ‘J

      

PAGE 15

  

