' .- tits ut‘nt'tui chi;-

E
r:

 

 

 

 

"The time has come," said Mrs. Abzug, to make a national
fommltttment to amnesty for all who have suffered from their refusals
0 par tcipate in the Vietnam War or their non-Viol t '
the conflict in Southeast Asia. en Yunnan“ to
“If we affirm and stand by the judgement voi ' '

‘ ' ced by the mutant of
the people that the war is Immoral, then it follows that no one cguld
l'lﬂsillltly be compelled to participate in it."

a said she does not belittle the de th f
In Vietmm' a s o thousands of young men
“On the contrary. I mourn them bitterly, as we all do, because they
were purposeleu, squandered by the government for wrongful ends

and no ends at Ill." Ibo added.

A. 

by Bob Meyer

The demonstration in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
began long before its culmination on April I, [073,
It began on the streets of American cities when
Johnson was still talking about self-determination
for the Vietnamese,attd lttm being tlte candida/c jttr
peace. Harrisburg began in the sixties, and April /
was a gathering that clearly illustrated yean of
organizing, commitment, and practice. It did IIttI
consist of the hundreds of thousands who in
Washington pleaded with the country amt the
President to stop warring for peace. It did not
contain the anger attd militant-y of litttltlrt'tl\ at
thousands of youths who itt May [970 that donn
their schools to detnortd art and to tire death of tin
Vietnamese arttl to the death of their own, llumx
burg was the rnovetnettt for peace and justice at in
best.

Thousands turned out in Pennsylvania to support
the Berrigans arid the other defendants and ill-
conspirators It was April Fools day and the [ole
was on the government. Buttons proclaimed, "to
day Kissinger, tomorrow the Easter liunuy  All the
talk of the peace movement being dead faded into
the other lies as each hour saw more and more httsm
rolling into this small, conservative community. I he
residents smiled artd Matcher! with interest atul awn
pride as their streets filled with people from manr
walks of life. Nov/anger were the rartks swelled with
students only. The message had reached their
parents and now, sorrtc eight years after it all Itcgau
the blacks were there irt number, the veterum at
Vietnam were joined with veterans of older won.
and the issue grew to irtclttde peace atttl an t'Itt/ In
injustice here at home.

The mass of protesters filled the entire span of l/tt'
lortg bridge that leads toward the capital groom/x
where the speaker '3 platform stood. They marched
solemnly without air y of the chants one trtay lltll't'
been accustomed to hearing at post rallies. I'ltc
verdict was still not in, the defense and prow-
cutiortltad already rested their cases, so all that livl\
left was the possibility of a stiff sentence if the
jurors were to decide irt the government's behalf
Once arriving at the foot of the platform, the
swelling crowd waited anxiously to hear from the
biggest names in the American anti-war move-
ment...Da/Iiel Berrigan, Dan Elsberg, Ralph Aber-
ttathy and William Kunstler. They all spoke clo~
quently about peace, repression, and the morality of

 

the peacemalcers. They spoke with confidence and
resolution. They knew that an ever-growing corn-
munity of Americans were beginning to understand
that Vietnam was more tltan a mistake, that it was
America's crucifixion. They knew that repression
was no longer rhetoric because so many .Attnericans
were suffering front it not only political/y. Itut
socially arid economically as well. They knew that
the enemy was not witltitt their own ratth but
within a system that allowed Vietnam am! a trial of
such obvious fabricatiort, persecution, and injustice
to exist. And rrtost intportattt of all, they knew that
they ltad made a commitment to ,-luu'rica ttud to
themselves. They were the peace/nakch and now
would have to work ltartlcr than ever to cud that
war which has cost hundreds of l/ttttl.\‘ttlttl.\ of lives
anti is now dragging into its lllth year with no end
in sight. A wasteful useless mar with no political or
ntoral justification, atttl no practical hope of gain.

While litany of the crowds ltad left after the
speeches to return to their hornetowns on buses that
brought them there, several ltttndred remained in
Harrisburg, sleepittg in Churches arid homes that had
welcomed them. The evening saw a sedar it: the park
sponsored by a group called Jews for Urban Justice
where a tree of life was pluttted for the Vietnamese
people irt the cause of peace and justice. Sunday
tttorning saw a sunrise Mass, attended by a few
hundred people on the batik of the river. Songs of
peace, and songs of joy were sung, with the months
of planning ending on the deeply religious note that
began a Iottg time ago.

Daniel Berrigan said it all when he told the
gatherers, “The Harrisburg seven are not indicted
even if a conviction comes down. They are not
convicted. That's Inerer the government's tic/ini-
tiott, the government 's fabrication, tltc go vernntcnt 3
Violence. The real itttlictrttettt is to he violeu/ itt any
fortn, ttr hate to arty degree, to he ignorant of
cottttnunity ttnd fearful of risk. The real indictment
is to be indifferent to God dirt] to feel we can't do
anything ourselves. The real indictment is to /)t‘
warlike — actively or passively — that alone allows
Nixon to take ottr power attd use it as he sees fit. (in
home and tell your children that Philip and his
friends and his brother prayed that they might
someday choose prison be are killing, lives above
Property. official disgrace instead of Irloodstaincd
silver. "

 

“’l‘hc rulers of America are
responsible for the greatest vio-
lcm‘c and crime being committed
in the world today. The de-
fendants in Harrisburg. Angela
Davis and Daniel Ellsberg, are on
trial because they expose the real
criminals to the people of Ameri-

H

CH.

“Anyone with common sense
knows who is breaking the law,"
he said. "Richard Milhouse Nixon
should he the first to get down on
his knees and hug the people for
amnesty.

—l{cv. Ralph Abernathy

Photos by Bob Mayer

 

