 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

    
   
    
   
    
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

   
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  

 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

Friday's call for a national student strike met with
varied success on campuses across the country but
the after-effects of that day of protest, the largest-
since the spring of two years ago. have hardly
disappeared.

Here in the Northeast, students used the weekend
as a time to meet, set new strategies. and attempt to
instill vehemence into what might best be described
as a fledging student response. The main focal point
of action was moved from the campuses into the
surrounding communities and the next Co-Ordinatcd
national protest is set for May 4th.

Representatives from peace groups of twenty--
three New England schools met at Tufts University
Sunday and endorsed a call for a national student
strike on May 4th to protest renewed American
bombing in North Vietnam and to commemorate
the second anniversary of the Kent and Jackson
State killings. They have also planned a series of
peace rallies in New'Ehdand on Saturday.

Here in Albany, representatives from a wide
spectrum of assorted peace and anti-war groups met
at the Capital Area Peace Center last night and
began mapping plans for what they termed May xlth
“emergency national moratorium". Speciﬁcs have
not yet been determined but it seems likely there
will be a major demonstration planned for that day

between noon and 1:00 PM, aimed against some
federal agency or major corporation. A spokesman
said the various groups “will find a common
denominator and pull off an action". He also said
there “would be a good chance that there will be
some form of civil disobedience planned".

SUNY Campuses

In the state university system, the main center of
action switched from the Binghamton to the Stony
Brook campus.

At Stony Brook, students planned to block roads
leading to the Grumman Aircraft Corporation in
Bethpage at 6:30 AM this morning. The action is
being lead by a Quaker peace group, but a coalition
of other anit«war organizations from both the
campus and surrounding communities plans to ink:-
part. A spokesman at the Stony Brook strike center
said “We expect busts and some militancy; we have
a very co-ordinated and militant action planned."
“0 read off a list of demands which included the
immediate cessation of all war production, a trans
formation of war machinery into “socially useful
production", retraining programs to prevent wurlti-I'
layoffs. and a final demand the cost of the enlin-
transformation be borne not by workers or ('(iii
sumers but rather come from corporate profits.

Grumman is one of the nation's largesl defensi-

 

contractors and a leading employer on Long Island.

The Stony Brook campus. meanwhileI seemed to
be returning to normal though a strike is in effect
until Wednesday at midnight, when students plan
another mm meeting to decide future action.
Numerous strike meetings were held over the
weekend and leafletting in the community took

At Binghamton. which was completely shut down
Thursday and Friday, yesterday was described as
“business as usual” on the campus and a spokesman
said “there was nothing much planned". A march
into downtown Binghamton over the weekend drew
about a thousand participants.

At the University of Buffalo classes went on
yesterday as protests were also planned for the
downtown community. At 4:00 PM today, a city-—
wide protest is slated to take place and a spokesman
voiced fears that violence could erupt between
police and protesters. Rallies. teach-ins, and work-
shops occurrcd on the campus Friday.

On the Albany campus, radical students ap-
parently decided to map specifics at the Peace
Center meeting last night. Yesterday, campus life
went on as usual.

National Action:

Across the rest of the county, several schools
reported new demonstrations yesterday and several
arrests were made. In Syracuse. some 150 demon-
strators moved past the university campus and
headed downtown to picket an induction center.
There were no arrests yesterday, which was in
marked contrast to Friday's actions when 700
marchers took part in a similar demOI .tration and
32 were arrested. The next local demonstration is
set for May 4th to commemmorate the Jackson and
Kent State shooting.

in New York City. Columbia University re-opcned
yesterday after President William McGill cancelled
classes Friday so that the college community could
“think and talk about the war and what it means to
us", But student pickets were out in force and eight
of Columbia's buildings were shut yesterday
morning.

At the Westover Air Force Base in Chicopee,
Massachusetts students from five colleges in the
Amherst area blocked traffic. Thirty-five were ar-
rested. Woodcn crosses were planted in a traffic
island across from the main gate and the proteslurs
handed out leaﬂets. They planned to return to the
base last night for a midnight candlelight vigil tn
protest the planned assignment of 450 Westover
airmen to Vietnam. The base was the scene (if two
similar protests Friday.

 

THOUGHTS ON NEW YORK CITY . . .

The weather ﬁt the mood. Or most of the day the
weather vascllated between downpour and drizzle.
By mid afternoon when the precipitation stopped
we were soaked to the skin. And the dampness
provided a chill which was to remain throughout the
day.

Estimating the size of the crowd was impossible. A
quick look at around 11 o'clock indicated that there
would be no more than a few thousand people.
Since the march got under way it was apparant that
the turn-out was immense. The lines stretched as far
as 30 blocks at its peak. Media estimates ranged
from 50,000 in the New York Times to 200,000 as
one press corp member had suggested. Estimates
within that range would be sheer guess work.

There was a youngter who could not have been
more than ayw old when the first jamor build up
began in 1964. The child wore a sign that read
“First Graders for Peace."

The crowd at the rally had to be bigger than it
appeared. Even so it did not measure up to the size
of the march. Maybe it was the feeling that the
march alone had served to demonstrate opposition.
Maybe it was a general aversion to rallies. Probably
it was the weather. But whatever the reasonI the
thirty block long march managed to squeeze into
just ﬁve blocks for the rally.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

WR—

   
  

Photos by Gary Deutch

5‘09 the


mu vu'
:‘ynu ram"

     

  

 

 

TUESD/‘i‘ffhi'lill. 25. 1972 I ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 11

 

 

PAGE 10

     

