PAGE 12

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1972

 

Who Can Beat Nixon?

Muskie Needs Primary Wins

by Walter R. Mears AP Political Writer

Sen. Edmund S. Muskie appears well on his way
toward wrapping up the Democratic presidential
nomination long before the national convention
convenes on July 10.

There are perils to be faced in the 23 presidential
primaries, where Muskie will be challenged by some
or all of his eight rivals for the nomination. “I'm a
target," he said. “I know that, so it is going to take
some very good campaigning and a good response."

But privately, a Muskie strategist contends that
the senator is the only candidate now in a position
to show up for the Miami Beach convention with a
majority of the 3,016 delegates already committed
to his nomination.

What concerns Muskie men is that somehow
they’ll fail to get that majority, thus setting up the
possibility of a deadlock that would open the way
for someone else.

It would take a series of setbacks in thc
presidential primaries to stall Muskie and producc
such a stalemate. And with the first ballots to be
cast scvun weeks hence in New Hampshire, Muskic
not only is in front, he's gaining.

uAfter sort. of a fumbling start, wu'ri' licl.tcr
organized. we have some momentum,“ Muskie said.

The ingredient s of thiit momentum:

-Money, once a severe problem, is proving more
accessible, Muskie advisors say. Six months ago, tlii-
organization was some $100,000 in the red. aiiil
Democratic rivals were pointing privately to lliat
situation as evidence that Muskie would l'altcr. Now,
the campaign is in the black.

-Thc polls still rate Muskie the most. formidable til"
the Democratic candidates in matchups against
President Nixon.

-The new process for selecting Democratic
delegates works to the benefit of the frontnrunncr
by, among other things, discouraging l'avoritc‘son
candidates, the traditional method of holding blocs
of votes uncommitted to any major contender. Gov.
John J. Gilligan of Ohio and Sens. John V, ’l‘unney
of California and Adlai E. Stevenson ill of Illinois
all had considered l‘ﬂVOl’llAB‘h'Oﬂ candidacies; all arc
not for Muskie.

-Muskie‘s organization, short on political expertise
a year ago, is in good shape now with a headquarters
staff of nearly 70, outposts in the early primary
states, and more to come.

Primary Battles

Al' Compilation

Lou Harris and CBS:
Muskie Grabs Lead

Muskie has once again caught up with Nixon in
the latest Harris poll. Muskie‘s popularity compared
to Nixon has risen steadily in the last months to
where he now stands CVeu, 42-42 per cent with
Nixon, with Wallace at ll per cent as an indepen-
dent. Muskie's increasing strength has come mainly
from young voters under 30 years of age and voters
with incomes of 5] 5.000 a year or over.

In a Nixon-Humphrey-Wallace race. Humphrey
remains considerably behind, trailing Nixon 46-37
per cent, with l2 per cent for Wallace and 5 per
cent unsure.

While Muskie wins the independents by 42-40 per
cent. Humphrey loses them 28-49 per cent. Muskie
wins the 2 l-Z‘) year old vote by a decisive 54-30 per
cent. but Humphrey only squeaks by with a 42-39
per cent edge. Muskie trails the President by a slim
42-45 per cent with the $l5.000 and over group,
but Humphrey is far behind among the same
affluent voters by 39-56 per L‘L‘lll.

CBS Survey

(‘liS said a survey by its news department iii-
di ‘atcd Muskie would have l,l99 delegate votes for
the presidential nomination on the first balloth the
Democratic National Convention. The tally would
be only 310 votes short of victory.

The national survey showed Humphrey followed
with Jll votes, Sen. Henry M. Jackson of Washing-
ton. I98 votes; McGovern. “:4; Rep. Wilbur l).
Mills of Arkansas, 38; Gov. George Wallace of
Alabama, 29: Lindsay. 28; McCarthy. l3; others.
()8; and 969 votes still unaccounted for.

A candidate needs [.509 of the convention‘s
3,0l6 votes for nomination. CBS midit questioned
500 sources in 50 states during the survey. (AP).

Ahead

 

Pennsylvania‘s primary .April
‘25, Florida's March it and Wis
consin's April -l will be key bnllc-
grounds if ii stopMuskir- movr-
merit is to succct-(l.

'l‘his li'aVI-s lllt' ntlii-r [ll'llllill'lt'h.
in which more than till per cent of
lhc Democratic ilclcgali's Will llt'
sch-cch lli-rc. liiii, Muskic zip
pears to lic Ill good sliapc, not
because he is assured of a ‘-\Vt‘l'])_
but iii-cause llt‘ can afford iii lusc
some.

“i think ll 's going it! he llll'
results in a series of priiiiarii-ii.
rather than the result in any one,
that is going to be ( "'ve .
M'wkic. who has chosen the risky

     

l)ciiiocriitic cziiidiates iii stressing llllmll'mlS "10"“ 1|!" “M’N'lt‘d by

i-c U ii out i c issiii-s,gcncra|lyrc-
giii'dcil as the :ircii Wlll'l'l' l’i'csiilciil
Nixon is most vulnerabil-

Mclliivcrn i'i-ci-iitly outlini-(l ii
l)l'(iilll priigriiiii to tiglilcii tiixiiliiiii
(ll. llic rich and corporations lll‘
also proposed incr isiiig l'i-ili-i'nl
scliiml .iiil. .uiil providing a giiai'
illllt‘t‘ll :iiiiiu.i| llll'tllllt' for i-vcry
:\iiii-ric.in

 

As usual, his proposals \lll'l‘i‘tl
llllll‘ piililic ii-spiiiisc. which is tllll'
riiasiiii why .ulvisi-i's l'riiiii Maii
kii-wu'l. lll Mrs lvli-(liiVi-i'ii .ii‘i-
adVIsiiig lllt' sciintiir illl how to
sound morc l'iii'ci-l'ul in his pulilic
spcilklllg 'l'lii- al‘llilltll'lh lth ki'yi-(l
(lt'll Vt'l')’,[lilrllt‘lllill‘lyiillli'lt‘
Vision, is enough to Hill“ lllt' ('(lL't'

 

Idol) ul 7-2090.

 

Editors' Note: This isxiu‘ Is Hic licgiiiiiing 0/ ASP i'iiivcrugc of ilic
'72 election. .S'ubiieqiicn! tsstica lUlll of/cr t’tllltlltitllt' pro/tics and
information on voting [)I‘llt't‘flltrl‘ri I/ you Iltlt'l' any questions
concerning your tailing rig/ils or (lii' l'it‘t‘lltlfl, pli'usc call John or

 

 

route of contesting lllllllllil. t-vcry
one of them.

He said he (lid not believe any
candidate could sweep the first
eight. iill of which he is entering.
if Muiikie managed that, the race
would llt‘ ovur by early May.

McGovern Running

While the war nllll comes up
every time McGovern liikiiii quoii-
Lions. be him toincd the other

 

 

off anything lll‘ says. no matter
how hard the words

(.‘aiivaasiug by thlllllll't'l‘h, an iin
portant McCarthy caiiipiiigii tool
ill I ll llh,iscsi‘ciit iiil l'iii‘Mc-
(invorn, especially since a poll
showed lhrue out of four “Ullln'
criitic county and town officials Ill
New llumpttlllrt' favor Mllﬂklt'.

lt‘ifty student volunteum started
work iit McGoVi-i‘n'i. headquarters
hunt the first weak in January

 

Ma rch.

(‘iimpaigii manager Joseph (lriind-
!

nuuson said McGovern illl‘l'lltly
has a voltiiitocr-slaffi-d offici- in
llltljtll‘ NI'W llanl‘
psliii'i- town. pills many siiiiillcr
oiics 'l'hi- L2H yi-nr iilil(li.ilid-
maisoii .ilsii |'U|l|ll\ licavily on [he

 

c.iiiili;ilc's visits to lllllt'lll‘llll and
coffee ri-ci-plioiis lli.il l‘tlllllHllt'
lllll'tlllllllllll‘ll viilci‘s Wllll support-

on

Mctiovcrii is sclii-diili-il Iii \llt'lHl
fill pi-r t'l'lll llllll't' llllli' iii Ni'w
ii a m psh i re iii-[\vci-ii now and
March 7 than Miisliic, who is
Vlt'lllilil\‘ .i “faviii'ilc son" in New
England

As Mcliiivi'i'ii l'lcw Illll’lll for his
first ciiiiipaigu trip [it this state,
With ‘17 appearances schi-diilcil Ill
thl days. lll‘ turned it] his Wife:

"Are you siirc you \Villll to go
through Willi lliis""

"The last llllll' you :islicil thiil,"
l'lli-iiiior MctliiVi-rii i'i-plii-il. “was
Wlll‘ll l was iii laliiir "

More (‘aiulidiilcs

lVlt’iIllWllllt‘, presidential hopeful
Si-ii Vance llai'llic. |)|iii|, Miltl
the Nixon .uliiiiiiislralioii has sho
wn ".i cold iiidil'l‘crciicii to people
and jllll‘lll'lllill‘ly Veterans "

“l'ciiphi llltllly lllIVl' aii llllt'tlhy
fin-ling that the govci‘iiiiiciit has
hilllllt'll away from llll'lll and they

 

Like several other unknowns. this man has declared himself a
Democratic contender. Well. would you believe...
ill‘t’ oii llll' outside looking In,”

llartkc told it lllt't‘llllu of llll' slalc N Mcl‘liiskcy iil' t'iilifiii'iiiii siiul
lli-piii'tiiii-ut of Disabled Vclci'atis the people's faith in govr-i'iiiiicnt

Kennedy Leads Democratic Attack

by Robert L. Campbell
Associated Press Writer

Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, officially a
noncandidate “without qualification," has launched
a broad attack against the Nixon administration‘s
foreign and domestic policies.

Kennedy, D-Mass., deliVered his broadside in a
speech Monday night to the National Press Club in
Washington. He called on the American people to
reject President Nixon as a leader who cannot
inspire and his administration as government by the
iintrusting ot‘ the untrustful.

The speech came only hours after Kennedy fich
an affidavit. removing his name from Florida's
March Isl Democratic picsidentialprimary ballot saying
his intention not to be a candidate was “without
qualification.” A similar declaration filed in
Massachusetts Thursday and released Monday said:
“i am not. and do not intend to be a candidate for
Ilic office of president. of the United States at Ll‘lt'
forthcoiriiiig presidential election."

“Our present difficulties do not flow so much
from the fact that the government so obvioust
mistrusts lhc pcoplc," Kennedy told iichmcii lll
lhc capital.

Charging the administration has been unable to
manage the economy. curb violence in the cities or
admit its mistakl‘s in a lingering war, Kennedy said
in such times “the American people have
traditionally turned to their [ll'L’Slfll'lll for
leadership.

"'l‘hi-y demand a sense of national purpose and
inspiration they can identify with, participntt‘ in, be
proud ol'...'l‘hat sense of purpose is what We must
struggle to recapture. There could be not better year
to begin than now."

in Vietnam, Kennedy said, 20,000 Americans have
died since Nixon took office,

“And we know that thousands of soldiers of
North and South Vietnam, and tens of thousands of
innocent men and women and children, will die in
lndochina in l972, for the simple reason that.
President Nixon will not allow the Saigon
government to falter until he is secure at home for
another term of office," he said.

Kennedy said Nixon “deserves great credit for his
new approach to China," but added, “Let us pray
that history does not tell us that the price we piiid
was wrong. because we lost sight of other nations
and deeper values."

  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
   
   
    
  
   
 
  

Will he rcsotrcd when l‘ri-sidi'ut
Nixon ordci‘s an end to a "iii-libci

 

lillh Allut'lt'h NW!” 5N!” YUI'll'. illt‘ policy of deception Ill gichi'ii-
on a l‘ivcilay swuig through New In...”
Iliuiipshii'c in his bid for thc llt'lll
Iiiiiiiiiiatioii. i-cci-ivcil llll‘

Mct‘liislicy. .i caiiilliliitc for the

   

ciiiliirsciiii-iit iil' lllt' licpiiblicnii pii-siili-iitial nomina-

N If, liiwu lh-iiiocratii- liiiii. siiiil "I don't think tlicrc ll!

Yiirty tulil iliii rm...” iillytliiiig worse than wlial's hiip-

llll't' New lliiiiipsliirc's Mlll't‘ll 7 iii-lung iii giivi-riiiiii-iii lmln)‘ with
lll'lllllll’y is “llic most Illllltll'lillll lll “ll” (it‘l'lm'dlt' llHlH'l’ ”' Ill "

lion

      

 

   
   

 
 
 
 
   

 

 

        

lll l.r\(‘()NlA, N H. Rep Paul I

 

  

 

  

 
 

 

Donald Axelrod, a professor at the Graduate School of Public
Affairs here, receives two regular checks from the State of New York -
one from SUNYA and one froin the Division of the Budget, from
where he recently retired. Due to illness. Axelrod was unavailabk~ to

be photographed.

 
    
  
 
  

"The State

 
  
  
  

retirement

     

 

system
is a
disaster
area. "

...ubui'c

Orville F. Poland, Chairman of the GSPA at SUNYA, feels
Axclrod is worth the $28,000 he is receiving from SUNYA and that
the fact that Axelrod is already receiving a large pension from the
state should make no difference in his being hired here.

 

 
 
 

  
 

 
 

  

that

...ubare

of. Charged With “Conflict of Interest"

by Glenn von Nostitr.

It may be a year of austerity budgets and hiring
freezes, but at least one SUNYA professor doesn't
have to worry about his financial security. Donald
Axeirod, a professor at the Graduate School of
Public Affairs here receives two regular checks from
the State of New York—one from SUNYA and one
from the Division of the Budget, from where he
recently retired.

What causes Axelrod’s case to be one of particular
significance is twofold: First, his previous classroom
teaching-experience was limited solely to high
school.

And second, his previous job position was one that
affected Albany State directly; as Deputy Director
of the State Division of the Budget he played a
major role in determining this institution's final
budget allocations.

The entire matter has resulted in serious accu»
sations of conflict of inteiest being lodged against
Donald Axelrod,

l'ricr lag. 847.300

Two years ago Axulrod worked for the state as
Deputy Director of the Budget Divi5i0ii He took
advantage of it plan enabling him to retire at hi) and
now receives a [)ttllSlt)" oi some $19,000 a your,
Altai riitiiiiiii liom lllll state, he was once again
"hired by the state" when, in Apiil of l971 he took
a pthllltlll as pioliissm Ill the GSl’A til it yearly
salaiy of ﬁll’tlllotl. ()ivtllc F. Poland, Chairman oi
the GSl'A lltlllti that Axuliuil is worth the $28,000,
rlllll that the fact that ho is alriiiidy inciiivuiii a huge

pension from the state should make no difference in
his being hired here. But under later questioning,
Poland admitted that Axelrod receives fewer fringe
benefits than most SUNYA professors because of
that pension. These fewer fringe benefits are more
than compensated for, however, in his salary, which
is considerably higher than that of most SUNYA
professors.

According to Poland, Axelrod is “one of the most
experienced and best equipped of our faculty," and
was hired, because, in Poland’s words: “Whenever
we have a chance to hire someone, we hire him."
But when asked to explain the reasons for his hiring
Axolrod responded that, "in all modesty, I have a
national reputation in management."

While his reputation in the field of management
may be "national", there is some question whether
Axolrod will receive tenure when he comes up for
riiViow this year. He has only recently received his
doctorate—working toward it part time while still
employed with the Budget Division~and his actual
classroom teaching experience IS limited to high
school. Poland says that it was because of this luck
at teaching experience that Axolrod was hired "with
the understanding that he would not receive
" Poland adds that Axelrod did receive
teaching experience in his last job, "because he was

tenure.

required to axplaiii things to otluii people."

Diispitii the ban on Axoliorl't iccoiviuii tonuiu,
inloruiud sources indicate that, novurtliiiliiss, llltlft! is
it movement atom in tliii GSPA tn “lillll tum llllltlftl.
And Axnlrod himself says that he's not sure, “il I’li
iiicnivu tuiiiirii or not."

Responsible for Budget

While with the Division of the Budget, Axelrod
was in part responsible for the SUNY budget, and
he admits having had considerable influence in
determining SUNY allocation. He is quick to deny
charges of conflict of interest, however, and claims
that "there was no political hanky-panky" involved
in his appointment as a SUNY professor, and that
"it was not a political favor on the part of
Rockefeller." He adds that, "I'm strictly a pro-
fessional."

Although the state is near bankruptcy, reliable
sources indicate that there are additional SUNY
professors and state officials drawing two separate
state checks. Many receive large pensions while also
serving as consultants to the state, while many state
officials also lecture at the State Universities. GSPA
Chariman Poland comments that, "I think that the
state retirement system is a disaster. This is poor
public policy." Professor Axelrod feels differently
about the retirement system, saying that, “Govern-
ment has tobaconipetitive with industry." At one
time there was a state law which would have
forbidden Axulrod from being hired by SUNYA if
he already received money from the state. it was
repeated several years ago for unknown reasons.

Axclrod began teaching liiire Ill January of 197l,
but was hired ii Ytllll In advance, enabling the GSPA
to obtain him before the hiring free/ii took effect.
He had been With lllll Divtsuiii iii the Budget silica
ill/ill.

 

 

 

