 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Number. of Empty Beds Increases Here

by Diana M. Cyganovich

As of September 30, 1972, the
State University of New York at
Albany housest 489 empty beds.
This total given by Mr. Garry
Petre, Associate Director of Res-
idence, does not include Mo-
hawk Tower. Why the number
of vacant beds? Where are they
situated?

At this time, these questions
are a little difficult to answer. A
survey is being taken; hopefully,
in a few weeks the precise an-
swers will be known. But educa-
ted estimates can be given at the
present time.

All the quads are struck with
this problem, each of them has a
number of empty rooms. This
doas not include the part of
Fulton Hall givon up to offices;
only residence rooms which are
standing idle are included.

A number at" reasons are given.
As in any other year, a number
of freshmen decided not to
come. According to Mr. Petre
this total is approximately 150
students. Since most freshmen
live on campus this number
makes up for about one-third of
the resident students for whom
rooms were planned.

As for transfer students, there
were less that chose to live on
campus Ihis year as compared to
last About KOO transfers were
accepted both this year and last,
this year only (500 asked to be
housed on rumpus as compared
to 7].”) last year. This decrease
has contributed to the number
til empty beds.

Another factor is the number
of withdrawals and dismissals.
'l‘wenty-six students have been
dismissed; on top of this, forty-
livc have withdrawn from the
University. Another nineteen did

not show at the residence halls.
These last few are still enrolled
in the University, but have
decided to live elsewhere.

The actual rate of commuters
is not known to the housing
ofﬁce; neither is the exact
amount of off-campus residents.
It is speculated that more stu-
dents may be married. Since
there are no facilities for married
students on campus. they must
live elsewhere. Becatse of eco-
nomic problems, students may
be transferring to schools near
home and are commuting. This
can explain part of the reason
for vacant rooms. Some of the
funding for students came in late
this year which may have kept
people from going to Albany.

Also on the economic side of
the picture is the fact that some
apartments are cheaper than
campus living. But this depends
upon the quality of apartment.
The residence office feels that in
order to find an apartment
which offers as good facilities as
the University offers, students
have to pay more than it would
cost to live in the dorms

Besides the problem of fresh
men not sliowuig, llll‘l‘t‘ is also a
problem of total (It-creased t-n-
rollmeiil laiISl fall the actual
headcount was l.‘i,il()5. The pro-
jected count for fall of 10711 was
l‘l,-'lf)U. Actually oiin lil,fi7i
students are enrolled at this time

a decline of 3:“ students from
last fall.

Up until the past two years,
Albany has been at increased
occupancy. There are additional
reasons cited for this. One is the
opening of Indian Quad. Also
the projected increases have
been lowered. January may

 

WELLS & COVERLY'S NEW SHOP

Ill STUYVESANT PLAZA

bring in a number of students,
but others will be leaving also.
have a tremendous effect on the
amount of empty rooms.

This problem of vacant beds is
not one of Albany alone; 3
Therefore, this Will probably not

 

llllllllll
lltlllllll
lllllllltl
llllllllll
tlllllllll
llllllllll
lltlllllll

number of the State schools are
having similar problems. At the
present time, there is much re-
search going on In this area.
Until the results are analyzed, no
more dorms will be constructed
by the State University system.

._ wto”...

 

 

The Residence Ofﬁce here is
no different. It is trying to find
out why students do not like the
rmidence halls. If any particular
trends develop as the results are
returned, the University will do
its best to correct the situation.

t
I.
7

, 

 

There are 489 of these located around the University.

R.A. Job: A Mixed Bag

coii'l from page Ll
some people aren’t going to
want you around, remembering
that some people are.

"Expect an initial period of
loneliness and frustration; it's
common. The length and depth
of it will vary the status of your
lovu life, and your familiarity
with the staff, the quad, and
your section. l'ixpect as well a
short recurrence in January and
February when everybody is
usually in a state of pre-spring
blalis.

«Never expect anything worth-
while to be said at a residence
meeting.

--Bc ready to instigate little
things that will bring people
together. Learn how to get
psyched for a dorm party, so
you can psyche others.

~lf you have great expecta-

tions, alut won't be tl'ulﬁlled....

il'll leave you lacking. it's nicer
to be surprised by success.

-- l‘ixpeel fire alarms...fiilsc.

7 Try to get some sleep.

These five R.A.‘s are babysit-

ters, counsellors, door-unlockers,
instigators, nothings, private
people, socializurs and “ain't
much." it depends on who
you're talking to. The job is
rewarding, easy, frustrating.
challenging, like washing so
many pots and pans. it depends
on who you're talking to. 'l'hey
like the job because of the re
sponsibility, because of the lflfl-‘s’.
just because. it depends on who
you're talking to. The bag is,
indeed, mixed.

 

Editor's note The facts in [his article are all true but (lie Iiunics
hut/c been changed to protect flli' lIillUt‘L‘Ilf.

 

 

 

Monday, Dec. 4

Action!

P.Y.E. CLUB

get involved in a club that believes in

meeting

7:30 pm

General Reorganizational

FA l26

funded by student tax

 

 

 

 

 

BBElxrr

SS

 

  
   

by Ellyn Stcmbcrger

 

Vice President Philip Sirotkir 5""9‘”

Puerto Ricun Studies Director Says:

Departmental Status by End of Next Semester; ‘

I -,.

Vol. LIX No. 50

     

Sam Unlvonlry a! New York at Albany Dumber 5, 1972

 

 

 

Vice-President Philip Sirotkin was the invited guest at last week’s Central Council
meeting. The topic was tenure.

Sirotkin informed the Council members that SUNYA presently has about 60% of its
instructional faculty tenured. The norm for Universities and four year colleges is in the
50%-60% range. It was his feeling that no more than 50%-60% should be tenured. He
explained that with a “no-growth" budget you can’t add new faculty and programs
without hurting existing programs.

Sirotkin proceeded to review the tenure procedure. Each individual case is evaluated on
the criteria of teaching effectiveness, scholarly ability, University-Community service,
professional growth and development, and research. The case goes through several steps in
the department before it goes to a student-faculty committee in the college.

From there it goes to the University Council on Promotions. The Council makes its
recommendation to the President of the University. Sirotkin emphasized the point that
each decision along the way is simply an advisory recommendation. The President makes
the final decision, but usually the University Council's decision is accepted.

The decision goes from the President's office to the Chancellor and the Board of
Trustees who confer the actual tenure. Sirotkin said that the criteria of teaching
effectiveness is determined in part by student evaluation. One of the weaknesses of this is
no uniform method of evaluation. Each department has its own system. An effort was
made to standardize this across departments, but it didn't succeed.

Concerning student input on tenure, Sirotkin was careful to express the View that
"Teaching effectiveness is not synonymous with popularity." When specific cases of
popular instructors not being granted tenure were cited and questioned, he said that for
each popular individual for whom students signed petitions there were also students who
didn't like the individual. He also claimed that there are as many cases of popular
individuals getting tenure as there are popular individuals not getting tenure.

continued on page three

Too Few Puerto Rican Professionals Employed Here

by John Fairliall

Born in the aftermath of a tumultuous confrontation between Puerto Rican students
and administrators, the Puerto Rican studies program is expanding towards departmental
status. This event, expected about April by the interim director of the program, Antonio
Perez, will not likely attract the attention and hostility that the early cries for a program
met with in 197].

Perez told this reporter that Moyer Hunsberger, dean of the College of Arts and
Sciences, authorized him to form a committee to develop the program into a department.
Perez is also working in a committee searching for a full-time director for the program.

What follows is a summary of the answers given by Perez to questions about the
program and his role in it.

a -k 'A' 'k '3:

Why do Puerto Rican students need a Puerto Rican studies program (department)7

Perez highlighted the needs of students who want a department fOi med soon so that
they may complete a major, not presently offered. He estimates that about 30 students
are prepared and waiting for the opportunity to pursue a llldJLM'.

Perey also spoke of Puerto Rican students seeking something they can relate to in the
univeisity Puerto Rican students “realized there was nothing in the university they could
They want “to find out more about themselves in a university setting

ll!

claim as lllell’ own
. . , in any setting they need something they can indentify with." Perez noted that the
growth of the [\ti’o‘Amei‘ican studies department encouraged Puerto Rican students.

How ruin it department be justified for so few students"

Perez ieplied that the “number of (Puerto Rican) students is constantly growing."
About 1500 Puerto Rican students attend SUNYA now, and according to a formula used
by the Educational Opportunity Program, about one third of the freshman students
accepted through the BOP must. be Spanish surnamed, guaranteeing continuing admission
of some Puerto Ricans into SUNYA.

He emphasized that the program is for “the whole community." Despite the fact that
the Puerto Ricuii studies program has not publicized itself well, increasing numbers of
non-Puerto Ric-ans are taking courses in it. “I don't expect only Puerto Rican students
will minor and major in Puerto Rican studies," Perez said

The importance of Puerto Ricans as a growing minority in New York State was also
cited. Puerto Ricans comprise one-sixteenth of the total state population, Perez stated.

continued on page five

 

 

Antonio Perez, Interim Director of the Puerto Rican
Studies Program maintains "great faith that the program
will be a department by the end of the semester."

 

