 

 

 

 

 

Students planning to lobby for no tuition at
SUNY, no cutbacks in education and no public aid
for non-public schools next Monday will find that
they will be travelling a well troddcn patii.

At least two groups were in Albany last week
pushing for the no tuition concept. The Jewish
Labor Committee met with legislators early in the
week concerning a broad range of topics including
no tuition at SUNY or CUNY.

A far more vocal group, United Parents‘ Associa-
tion, from New York City converged on the Capitol
on Wednesday. More tiian 500 strong, the group
confront ed the Governor after speaking with
legislators. Primary among tiieir demands was no
public aid for non-public schools, a restoration of
the alternate Regents Scholarship awards, and the
continuance of a no tuition policy at CUNY and no
tuition for SUNY.

Bills filed for free SUNY

Citizens' groups are not alone in tiicir quest for a
tliitioii i'i'ee State University. 'l‘wo bills were filed in
January calling for just such a move. Currently in
the Assembly Education Committee is a measure
filed by l)eiiioci'at Manuel Ramos (lironsl tAssem»

biy Bill No. tiitll and in the Senate Higher Educa-
tion Committee a measure filed by Democrat
Abraham Bernstein thonx) (Senate llill No.
i-i52l.'l‘he l)eiiiocralit‘ proposals stand little chance
of making it out of the chubiicaiicoiil roilcii (‘t'mm‘

Rocky Considers
More Cutbocks

by HOWARD CLARK
Associated Press Writer

A LilA N Y. N. Y. (AP) The
Rockefeller :uiministration. noting
that the State Uiin'ersity will gen-
erate funds this fall by Rockefeller
$470.7

raising
tuition. Is considering a l't‘tillt‘lltill million
in state support of the university.

This is one of the alternatives

l)ivisou of the Rockefeller admini-
stration i-iiipiiasizcd that no deci-
sion had been made as yet.

recommended a

university in the state fiscal year

by Vicki Zeldin
Capitol Correspondent

ittees for action.
Democratic Task Force

A Democratic Task force iieaded by Assistant
Assembly Minority leader Albert Blumenthal called
for a roll back of the SUNY tuition hike. The force
supported a continuation of a tuition free CUNY,
but also called for increased state aid for private
colleges and universities.

The Democrats listed a variety of fiscal measures
where they claimed that SUNY could receive the
estimated $20 million that it will rccieve from the
tuition hike, They called for funds from existing
state reserves as well as instituting additional money
saving a. '(',s in the Governor's budget to raise
the $20 million in lieu of the tuition bike.

C ances of the Democrats being able to roll back
the tuition and amend Rockefeller's budget are iiol.
bright in the Republican controlled legislature.

Commission to Study Financing

in other action not directly related to student
lobbying efforts. the Governor has sent the leg ‘|
Hire a bill to create a 'l‘eiiiporiiry State Commission
on the Financing and Administration of iiigiier
i‘Iducalion. The more is an iniplementation of a
recoiiiiiicndalion made by the 'l‘. Norman iinrd
'i'ask Force which was created last November to
study financing higher education. This commission
Issued its report in February and about the only
recoiniiiendation that tiiey made was to establish
another Task Force.

 

    

   

m 3;- Ion - run a...

Round One of Tuition Fight Opens in Albany

The task forco recommended by the Governor
would be charged to study and make recommenda-
tions to the Govornor and the legislature by
December 1, 1972 with regard to:—the financing of
public institutions of higher education

-the fiscal problems of private institutions of
higher education

—-the special problems of student tuitions. scholar-
ships, loans and other student aid programs

—rcgional arrangements for higher education to
encourage efficient utilisation of available resources

—Plibiic-private cooperation to improve resource
utilization;and

’the administrative structure of public higher
education

The Task Force “‘Utlltl (‘UIISISI of ti unsalaricd
members selected by the Republican leadership and
would be appropriated $100,000.

Deficiency Budget Passed

After a day long series of caucusses and adjourn-
mcnts. the legislature approved the state's defi-
ciency budget on Wednesday. included in this
measure was $11 8 million to cover the (3’7: saiar_\
inc 'e for SUNY employees negotiated ll_\' SI'A
this summer.

The $20 niiliioii deficiency or supplemental lilitl'
get covers items that were not anticipated oi
budgeted for when the stale biidgel \\'ll\ originally
drawn.

   

um ~n‘ «- mun

for the

discussion. a
Another
would be refusi- permission to tire

under spokesman

confirmed. alternative
university ll: spend the extra tui-
tion funds, which could permit
their diversion to other use.

The latter alternative angers
Assemblyman Milton Jonas.
R-Noi‘th Merrick, chairman of the
legislature's study committee for
higher education. ll'l‘o take this
money for any other purpose
would be less than immoral," he
told a reporter.

if that happens, would he re-
commend that the University
Board of 'l'rustces roll back the
tuition “Ahsoiutely,”
Jonas replied.

The spokesman for the Budget

increase?

beginning April I.

(.‘iiancelior Ernest ii. iloyer coin-
piaiiied that univerisly sert ice and
functions would suffer, and short-
iy thereafter, the Board of This-
tees raised tuition. The tuition
boost, for all intents and pur-
poses. goes iiito effect this fall and
is expected to raise $20 million.

The tuition now is $550 a year
for undcrgraduates. The new tui-
tion is $650 a year for freshmen
and sophomores and $800 for
juniors and seniors.

Tuition for graduate students,
now $800 a year, will climb to
$1,200. Graduate students in such
professional fields as iiietlicine,
dentistry, law, optometry and
pharmacy will pay $i,ti00 instead
of $ t .200.

 

iMass Tuition Meeting

Wednesday, March 15
at 7:30

   

       

in the

  

    
  
  

People’s (Fireside) lounge,

 

Campus Center

 

 

 

 

  
  

PAGE 14

 

Democratic legislators Propose
Increase in Education Spending

by ROBERT M. SHAW

Associated Press Writer
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP)>"Minority
Democrats in the legislature pro-
state
spend $47.7 million more for edu-

poseti Saturday that the

cation to meet two goals: to help
cut local property taxes anti to
“halt the decline in our education
system."

'l‘iicir proposed increase would
be on top of Republican Gov.
Roekct'eilcr's proposal to add
$l 17 million Ill fiscal 197273 for
state aid to local schools.

“The governor's idea is just to
stand still." one Democratic
source said. “Our Idea is to help
the schools move ahead."

As outlined in a jt)inl statement
by the minority leaders of the two
houses, Sen. Joseph Zairctzki of
Manhattan and Assemblyman
Stanley Steingut of Brooklyn, the
plan calls for raising the ceiling on
state aid payments from $860 per
student to $935.

This would figure out to an

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

average increase of about $37 a

5 315697608

\\imiim.iu~.iii
l ‘ 7

 

  

  
    
  
    
    
   
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
 

  
  
    
  
 
  

  
     
     
    
    
   
   
 
   
 
  
  
    
  
 
    
   
      
     
   
 

 

 

 

 

New Hampshire was the first stop for the cam-
paign circus this year. The results there, as always,
will probably prove to be inconsequential. The
campaign itself seldom sparkled. Despite the
confusion of Democratic candidates few words were
spoken that were worth recording. Perhaps it was
the boredom produced by the major candidates that
accounted for the interest in the fringe candidates in
the campaign: Ned Call and Pat Paulscn. Coil was a
poverty worker who grabbed the public eye by
waving a rat on New Hampshire TV. Paulsen,
comedian turned politician, staged his campaign as a
serious candidate. Neither made a dent in the voting
totals, but at the least, they added a little color.

The following is an excerpt from a speech that
Paulsen, the serious candidate, gave at a Rotary
Club luncheon election day:

 

     

l have been asked by many in New Hampshire,
“Why are you running for the Presidency?"

First of all, i have a right to run. l‘m a citizen, l'm
over 35, the only other qualification that should be
needed is to know the difference betweeeii right and
wrong.

To the question "Are you really serious?" 1 can
only say that the tragedy of the question is that you
have to ask it. For it implies that you are only able
to take seriously career politicians. Men whose
campaign money comes from large corporations or
individual millionaires. and lobby groups and be-
cause of that l’m dead serious. You must under-
stand, 1 have no particular lust for the Presidency,
but that i am motivated by a desire to represent in
whatever way i can those people who are tired of
being victimized by Power Politics.

    

  

ﬂ
Hl.’ m JoAN HARTKE, SEN/170R
HARTKE’S DAUGHTER! HOPE You

      

New Hampshire Sideshow:
Pot Poulsen for President

year in the state's share of a local
district's operating costs. The
contribution for
operations would be about $1158.

The Democrats would give tax

average state

relief to local taxpayers by im-
proving the system of giving spe-
cial help to districts with high tax
rates and a low tax base on which
to levy those rates.

Zaretzki and Steingut declared
that New York “must move this
year to relieve local property tax-
es and iialt the decline in our
educational system."

They said that the Rockefeller
administration and the COP lead-
ersiiip in the legislature "haw
ignored our earnings and‘ no“
..l.ov. no interest in Having on
these problems despite similar
warnings from the Firischinann
Commission."

The r‘leischniann Commission
after two years of study rec-
ommended that the state take
over the financing of public

schools and impose a statewide
property tax to raise the money.

Rockefeller and legislative lead-
ers have said the proposal is so
complex it probably won't be
acted upon by the legislature this
year.

The. Democrat: would raise the
money for their "venue increase
through “welfare reform, savings
on government rcorg. nirat ion and
selected economies in the govei~
nor's budget.

'l‘o back up their call for more
money to improve the quality of
education, Steingut and Zaretski
pointed to scores reieasedrecentif
by the State Education Depart-
ment showing that nearly one-
third of the students tested were
below what educators call "mini-
mum competence levels" in read-
ing and math.

They propsed creation of a pro-
gram evaluation commission to
study the test results and to look
for ways to improve the scores.

TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1972

   
    
       
      
        
         
     
      

     
   
   
    
    
    

   
  
   

ii
«,1

. ,lli 

      

  

, , 4..

      
       
   

1 can assure there is no money behind this
campaign except my own. I owe no political favors
whatsoever. There is no organization or pressure
group of any kind that can keep me from expressing
my complete convictions honestly with no qualifica-
tions.

Now if in expressing my opinions honestly, ends
my short political career, then let it end. i have a
job i can go back to. i do not believe that politics in
this country was originally meant to be a career
thing. if a person felt he could serve his community
he did so for a short period of time and then Went
back to his farm. i'd like to see a return to that kind
of community service.

Therefore, if my candidacy says nothing else, let it
be to the other candidates a call to courage. Let
them offer a little more than the barest parts of
their personal convictions. Let them unshackie
themselves from the fear of Folk and Statistics. Let
them give us more than the massive verbal massage
we receive year after "car. Of course, what l'm

%

 

asking is naive; I know it, and they know it; but if
you out there sec significance of what l‘m doing,
that‘s all that counts. For when you enter that
polling booth you're on your own. Nobody stands
over your shoulder and tells you what or who to
vote for.

There are in this election coming up some 20
million new voters.

'i‘iiesc young are not of the mind to force into
office some moronic bomb-throwing radical idiot‘
but they are going to push for a swifter moi.
reacting government to ideals they believe in. They
want an end to secrecy in Government. They want
an end to deals and trade offs; you know, you vote
for my bill, l'll vote for yours. They want to
eliminate all hypocrisy as it exists in government
today.

They are somewhat like the tip of an iceberg, it
doesn't look like much but underneath it has great
force and if it surfaces behind a major thought or an
idea, the effects will be extremely important. There
is another force in this country that is very often
neglected and that's the so-called average American,
the middle class, the guy who makes $8,000 a year

or so and has no money...

   
   

 

lBeneath the picture of George McGovern is McGovern's actual
signature. After drawing the candidate, Jon Guttman, graphicist
supreme, secured his autograph in a corridor of the Howard Johnson
Motel in Manchester. New Hampshire. An ASP firstil

Florida Primary Today

by Ben Funk
Associated Press Writer

Sen. Henry M. “Scoop” Jackson
of the state of Washington figured
it out right away.

“North Florida," said the Demo
cratic candidate for president. "is
Dixieland. South Florida is the
North, And the rest of the nation
lies in between."

Indeed. Florida is a microcosm
of the United States from begin-
ning to end. it is a state that
harbors every brand of political
thought and action except the far
left.

And it is a state where to
Democrats will battle in the
March 14 presidential primary.

“it will be a national primary in
a very real sense," says another of
the Democratic hopefuls, Sen.
Hubert ll. Humphrey of Minne~
sota.

At stake iire 8] Democratic del-
gates to the national convention
July 9 at Miami Beach.

The candidate who gets a plural-

ity wins 20 at-large delegates. The
others are divided among leaders
in the 12 congressional districts,
apportioned according to each dis-
trict's percentage of the 1971
state population. The number
varies from four to seven.

Florida: National Melting Pot

Each delegate is required under

 

 

 

     
    

 

 

T TUESDAY — WEDNESDAY — THURSDAY
l0 - 3:00 pm in the Campus Center Main lounge

Central Council
University Senate

Replacements Elections

ONlY Commuters Con Vote
Bring Tax Cord and lb

the Florida primary law to stick

by his candidate at the convention

until he receives less than 35 per
cent of the votes or releases his
delegates.

A melting pot, of the nation,
Florida has many more facets that
New Hampshire where, on March
7, the first shots were fired in

the campaign.

Florida is the red dirt country
of the Panhandle, hard by the
borders of Georgia and Alabama
This is the old South-rural, reo-
neck, conservative. This is George
Wallace country. And it is where
Jackson hopes to cut the heart
out of the Alabama gOVernor's sup-
port this go-around.

Florida is the moonport of Cape
Kennedy, where severe cutbacks
in the space program turned pros-
perity into economic distress. This
is where Sen. Edmund Muskie of
Maine may have hurt himself bad-
ly when he called the space shut-
tie a “boondoggie.” if the shuttle
comes to the Cape, it means
50,000 jobs and new life for the
ﬂrl'il.

No Fear for Nixon

in Florida, President Nixon has
nothing to fear as he seeks Repub-
liciiii reriomination. Experts con-
sider him a shoo-in against his two
opponents, Reps. Paul MeCloskey
of California and Joiin Ashbrook
of Ohio.

For the Democrats, this is the
acid test.

Dr. Manning J. l)iiucr, Univer-
sity of Florida political science
professor, believes only three
Democratic candidates will
emerge unscathed.

"The polls show Muskie, Wallace
and Humphrey all close to 30
percent," Dauer said. "Wallace
ought to carry three, and maybe
four congressional districts in
North Florida. i don't think Jack-
son is a about to cut substantially
into his vote.

"1 think Muskie will beat them
all out. He comes closer than
anybody else to hitting the mood
of the state."

continued on page 19

 

 

 

Want More Into? Call Jane: 4574772

RIDING CLUB
HORSE SHOW
Sunday, March 19
“:00 - 2:00
Dutch Manor Stables
admission: froo

 

lauded by sludunt tax

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

TUESDAY, MARCH 14. 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 1 5

