 

 

,

\

 

LAROUSSE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF
ANIMAL LIFE. More than 1000
photos Including 100 In lull color by
the world's handsome. comprehen-
sive survey of the whole of the
animal world from the smallest
single-celled creatures to the alrgest
mammals throughout the world. Pub.
at $25.00. Only $10.95.

MIRO. By Jacques Dupln. 1155
lllus., 46 large plates In full color,
584 pgs., 8 3/8 x 11 7/8. This
Immense, magnltlcent volume, com-
pletely deslgned by ero Is a compre-
hensive exposltlon or his work In-
cluding an extensive Illustrated
catalog In addition to the hundreds
of beautiful reproductions. Pub. at
$35.00. Only $15.95.

PHRENOLOGY: A PRACTICAL
GUIDE TO YOUR HEAD. By 0. S.
Fowler A L. N. Fowler. Over 100
Illus. of famous men and dlsgrams or
the various types of heads accom-
pany this classic study of human
form and character with a speclllc
coursu of action appropriate to each
parsonallty. 9 1/4 x 12 1/4. Pub. at
$10.00 Only $3.95.

PICTORIAL HISTORY OF PHILO-
Y. By D. D. Runes. with nearly
1,000 photos, portraits, facsimiles,
archaeological Illus. Here, In vlvld
pictures and Illuminating text are
more than 3,000 years of world
philosophy from Socreates to Suzuki,
from the Upanlshads to Existentialt
sin, Irorn Moses to Elnsteln--lhy
major schools of phllosphy. books of
wisdom and major thinkers ol East
and West. Size 3 1/2 x 11. Orig. Pub.
at $15.00. New, complete ed. Only

QUICK AND EASY MEALS FOR
TWO. By L. G. Shouer. Over 200
delicious meals prepared In no time
with these 500 time—saving, kitchen-
tested reclpes for young rnarrleds.
career women, working wives and
busy homemakers. Orig. Pub. at
$3.95. New, complete ed. Only
$1.69.

ROCKS, MINERALS AND GEMA
STONES. By I. 0. Evans. Over 100
photos, 30 in brilliant lull color. the
beauty of rocks and numerals and
their overwhelming importance in
our llvcs--lii nuts and bots and dia-
mond rings, In computers and air-
cralturevealed In this lasclnatlnq
volume. Iriport special Only $4.95.

RUG WEAVING FOR EVERYONE.
By OSHId Gallinger Tod. With 138
photos, drawings 5. (10519113. Methods
and deslqiis for making runs with
step-by~stop instructions lor the
hobbyist and Loliinlerclal weaver.
Orig. Pub. at $0.50. New. complete
ed. Only $3.95.

GREAT NATIONAL PARKS OF
THE WORLD. By R, Carrinutorr. 188
superb photos, All in lull color. Mag-
nlllccrttly Illus. With pILIulBS of wild-
llle and breathtaking scenic vistas
from more titan so parks and conser-
vation areas Including 13 in the USA
plus Canada, Mexico, Alrica, Europe.
etc. 10 x 12 1/2. PUD. at $20.00.
Only $9.95.

 

firms
and
(I’d III I ll/fllil
.ﬂ‘

 

KITTENS AND CATS IN COLOUR.
120 superb, lull mini pnrrlm III iirrs
larqe album (‘1 1/? x 11) couttllu all
engaging tliralltilrs lrorrr WIUU'IIYEIJ
Innocence to sleek, iltiie (grace, A
book lhat all Lal Iovnrs will treasure.

IlrtDorI special Only $4.95.

 

 

ALL COLOR BOOK OF EGYPTIAN
MYTHOLOGY. by n. Patrick. 102
photos all in maqrilllcunt lull color.
The Incredible nods, temples and
pyrarriltls of ancient Egypt brought
vividly to tile III tiiis extraordlliury
collection. 8 IN It It l/II. Inlport
Spuclal Only $2.98.

 

 

 

TREASURIES OF ASIA: JAPAN-
ESE PAINTINGS' By Aklyama
Terukazu. at Full Color Hand-tipped
Plates. sumptuous extraordinary col-
lection of the greatest classics of
Japanese art from Pre-historlc wall
paintings and pottery to the modern
Innoballons ol the 17th 8- 19th
centuries with beautiful use of color
and gold throughout and a text that
throws new light on an art rich ln
blsion and technique. 9'1: x 11. Orig.
Pub. at $27.50.New complete ed.
Only $15.95.

 

 

 

AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL IN
THE WORDS 0F HENRY WADS
WORTH LONGFELLOW. Sturrrrrnr.
photos on almost every page. most In
lull color depict beauties of the land,
sea and seasons highlighted by 100
appropriate selections lrolri Long-
lellow's Song of Hiawatha. other
beloved poems. 9 1/4 x 12 1/4. Orig.
Put). at $7.95. New, complete ed.
Only $3.95.

THE GREAT COMIC BOOK
HEROES. Compiled. annotated by
Jules Felller. Reproduced in glorious
color, the origins and early adven‘
tures of the classic super-heroes ol
the comics, Includlnu Superman,
Batman, Carat. Marvel, Capt. Aiiieri
ca, The Flash, Hawkinan, Wonder
Woman, The Spirit. etc. 9 1/4 x .12
1/4. OrIK). Pub. at $9.95. New, curri-
plcle ed. Only $4.95.

 

CHRISTMAS GIFTS
for CHILDREN
ONLY $1.00 EACH

REBEL: THE RELUCTANT RACE-
HORSE. By H Ii. Beatty. Illus.
throughout Ill lull color. llitlliaiinq
tale ill a horse wilosc urlrraue snsz .1
whole valley. Altos ‘J-H. Pub. at $1.50.
Only $1.00.

ZEKI AND THE TALKING CAT,
SHUKHU. Written a Illus. by L.
Kubinyi. A yoirntr rriirslcluri .Irid a
talking cal plan the downhill ol .l
IlII.‘r]l1 CI." in Istanbul. Aues (i 10.
Put). .rl sills. Only $1.00.

HENRIETTA. Hy M. c. ‘xull. 30
wltllHSlLJI Illus. by I. I. Lou. Rrb-
tickltltu tale ol spirited iicri wlttr
Ducomos adopted llionl nl .r litter ol
little bloodhound pups. [\lros AI'IU.
Pull. dt stat). Only $1.00.

EYES SO-O BIG. By I. Well. llllis

trirtiuqliout. two little tiiils' lIllailolrs

adventures lit .1 l’rriluliliuse lislllliti

village. Anus ‘J LI. I’ub. at tliru. Only
1.00.

MR. BUDGE BUYS A CAR. lay l‘.
Adanisorr. Lavishiy Illrrs, Inilrlirrrnrted
children's history or IrrlrtSIJtillillltili
Irorn buriiunuli wuooiis to Mr, Hrrtllie
and ills new car. Alma ti l.‘, l’llLl. at

$3.95. Only $1.00.

IF YOU GREW UP WITH
ABRAHAM LINCOLN. Hy A Mr
Govern. thus. try It. lrrrkie, innrrirria
livl: lllus. and SUIHIIIIIII] IUAI .tiIs
wurlilq children's questions about
prnnuur lilc III Kentucky, Indiana and
Illinois llltI. dress. travel, school, ell
Put). at $2.0“). Only $1.00.

STICKS. lay (I ‘Jtrilrlclqe. lbtt tie
Irrriitliil (lint/villus by J. I.
Sticks art.- lor noitlrrrg up innis,
leuliiiq in places where you'll lulllul
not out your hand .iltd tlo/uiis wl
otiior wonderlrrl Iltlritrs. Arms II l.'.
will). at 1.1.25. Only $1.00.

loiiiisoli.

NOW MILFRED, by (I. J Donovan.
WIIII 410 paqos ol lull Loltrr llllis. Illt:
ilnrtljlnalloiis ol youngsters wrll til.-
uullullted by the (any advunnirus til
Starnuuin, IIIIJ niotincal. arid Mlllluti.
a baby space dragon. Aries 4 It. “uh,
at $2.95. Only $1.00.

 

 

 

SPECIAL SALE

Publishers Overstock And Imported Titles

THE BOOK OF HERB COOKERY.
Rev. a. Enl. Ed. by I. 8. Hoffman.
Hundreds of recipes covering all
Items at the menu with Information
on when. how, and why herbs are
used. Orig. Pub. at $3.75. New. com-
plete ed. Only $1.69.

ANOMALIES AND CURIOSITIES
OF MEDICINE. By G. M. Gould,
M.D. B. W. l. Pyle, MD. 982 pages,
295 Illus. In the text and 12 trail-tone
plates. The classlc and prodigious
encyclopedic collection of rare and
extraordinary cases of abnormality in
all branches of medicine and surgery.
Annotated and Indexed. Pub. at
$15.00 Only $4.95.

THE COMPLETE PAINTINGS OF
BRUEGEL. With 264 Illus. met. 64
rich lull color plates. Every single
painting of the lusty Flemish master,
Illustrated, analyzed and summarized
DY great writers, historians and artists
In cornpl. catalog lorrn wrtlt
chronology and bibliography. 9 x 12
1/2. Pub. at $5.95. Only $3.95.

THE COMPLETE WORK OF
RAPHAEL. Over 900 runs. lncl. 49
magnllicent lull color plates. The
most beautilul, complete study at
the great Renaissance genius ever
publlshed' All his paintings, drawmqs
and architectural projects plus his
poetry and tile, discussed by leading
ail experts, in a massive, l3~lb.
volume to be Pub. at $45.00. Only
$19.95.

DICTIONARY 0F INTERIOR DE-
SIGN. By M. l’eoler. With 2500 lllus.
Over 3000 entries covering every
element or oesrgn In every period:
lurnlture, architecture. fabrics,
lighting, paintings. ctc.--a goldmine of
essential Information. Orig. Pub. at
$34.50. New, complete ed. Only

   
    

Cit-SNSERUIE
SPECIALTIES

  

CASSEROLE SPECIALTIES. By N
C. Anders. the best casserole rchiica
Irorn all UVL'T the world WIIII loo
complete liiclltis loi parties, bullets,
tilitrlers. Carolina Juntbalaytt, Vitello
lorrro, Liisaqne Brilotinese, CHIchII
litiliiidlrll, rrllioi specnillies. (Jiiti.
PIIL). at 'Iil‘ ‘itl. New, Ltllilplull: ed.

Only $1.00.

 

 

THE COOKIE JAR. Iiy i I'mry. 228

ruclues lililll .Illitlllll lllc WU'ILI lll-

 

Llllcllllt] ll/ l.Iinrllc Allterltttli and
holiday spliirullius “no. at $1.00.

Only $1.49.

DRAWINGS OF FRANK LLOYD
WRIGHT. Wltll llIJ lllil‘. lliu rrrnirrrr
.irrd lllt'rllllllt) ol lils .rrrirrtcctlrrr: r'.
rellrilluil Iii llllise liialillillcelil
lllawnius til lllrlises, turtle and shunt,
IIItJIISIllrII anti .Ilttllllltlllll tiulltilrnis,
llIlIrlIIes .iiul IIlrilIls, skyslinpeiu,
nrrrstriiriis .Irrn lostiil'., tiIerrlrvs,
bridges, .in .inrlrurmeril [)tlllt, .r omit
IlttLl, UlL. ‘I x ll JHI lIrlq l'rrn .Il
sl/uo. New, liirIilllutI' no. Only
$5.95.

EAT ITALIAN ONCE A WEEK ti,
V l.rrr.rn. llltlll by Andre armor»
May to lliillivl. Iliuilli‘. .Irro II:tI|)U‘a on
now in prepare .r tIIIIurI-lll ll.iII.iIt
Inuitl tilltu .r worm It” .I your, llrll),
Imp. .il smoli Now, IIrIIIIill‘ltf en.

Olily $1.98.

FRENCH IMPRESSIONISTS. II)
LIIVI.’ Hull ‘ill plains lII vivltl llill
tllltll IIti.‘ tirtrill NIIIL'. lil Iltt: Iliul
MW or motion .Iil brim-r Mont-l,
'Iisll'y, l‘ls‘iurlii, rr-mrnu, [Helios .rmr
lltilililr, III A It.llltislilili5 l rillut lliilt, 'I n
l3. “tilt at 1.2. 'I'. Orll H’
GREAT CENTERS or ARVT $81?
GRADE. 1‘11: IIIIIIIII‘), Jll in liill on...
shown“, Ilil: Ilrt'nllrnl .rrl mow. lrorrr
inn Hrlllidll . ily. Maxltrlillmus Ill pro
III\IUIIL ail .rnlililru‘. IHIitILHIIIV Irirlire
serilon on until torus, IIIHIIII IIII-
puisslolllsls, lewelly and art ril IIIL‘
lmsterlt tirtlltrdtin Illlllth. Piiir.

woou. Only $7.95. m

{it/erasing bookstore

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘ NEWS BRIEFS

BATON ROUGE, La. AP - The ofﬁcial state committee investi-
gating the student-police confrontation that left twa students dead
on the Southern University campus here has determined that ofﬁce,S
fired the first tear-gas canister. ‘

The 12-member panel headed by state Atty. Gen. William (Illslo
made the conclusion in a statement issued Friday Ill. the conka»
of the first week ofits probe of the Nov. 16 disturbance.

Several officials. including Gov. Edwin Edwards had insisli-tl l‘r’ll’lil'r
that films of the violence showed the first tear gas coming from tlir-
ranks of students outside the administration building r.” u“.
predominantly black campus. And they contended Ililll ol‘lrrr-rt
merely responded to the provocation.

The inquiry panel said it issued its report in the “hope that this
statement will clarify this specific question...”

The two students were killed as sheriff's deputies and Hm“. pnlm
flushed students from the building.

Guste said Thursday the investigation had established “lll'lll'ls lrlim
ii shotgun" killed Denver Smith, 20, of New Roads, 1
Leonard Brown, 20, of Gilbert, La.

Law officers have claimed they fired nothing but li-tir gris III llll‘
incident. But Edwards and others have conceded than :lll ol'l‘rr-p,
might have mistaken ii shotgun shell for the nearly ltlt‘lllll'nl rm”, m
canister.

lion

.Il and

title

LONDON AP —
Spy expert Ludisltis Farago, author of Daily Express l‘l'liiil‘l~ \tlill‘ll
claim that Hitler's wartime deputy Martin Bormunn ls Illlrig lll l..rlrn
America, accused public officials today of not living "Int. mini m
bringing Burmann lojustice.”

In the final article of his six‘pztrt, copyrighted .s-r-rlr-s, I“.Il,|"ll .,.,.|
the rl‘porLs had “failed to produce the effect I CI'IVISIIIIII‘tl ‘

IIL‘ said no official approach has been made to him for lllit'iliitl'llls
that he cltiims prove the Nztzi leader escaped to South .\lIlI'rIt';r
“where he, now 72~ycars-old, is still living."

But Farago forecast his disclosures--to be limplll'il-tl Ill .r luml.
would result finally in Bormunn‘s arrest.

The series is being distributed in the United Slum by [in i‘lrrmur.
Tribune-New York Daily News syndicate.

I(trv

ROCHESTER, N. Y. Al’ ' Eleven University ol llol lll'xll‘r
students convicted of violating student-conduct ri-gtllrrtrrrm IIt.i\
work voluntarily In hospitals instead of paying form, it u...
announced Friday.

The students were convicted last month by the lllllI'l‘rle . -lll4lll .,rl
Council, which levied fines up to $300,

All II were found guilty of violating trespass rl-gtilrrlrorr 1.1.: w
Illltl 10 during a student protest of I’rcsidvnl Nixon's rli-i w
mllll' North Vietnam ltzirbors.

(‘lirrrivi-llor W Alli-ii Wallis. who has jurisdiction orr-r ill: to 
stiltl IIII‘ students could work itt hospitals rtitlil-r IIIIIII prx ll~
'l'lll'y woltltl work front 15 to tilt hours, (.It‘lit’litllrlLI on till nu
IIIt‘ll‘ foil-s, tIIItl finish the lzisk by March I.

Nllll' students net-opted IIII' work offer and lIll- tIllll-i l\\-v' v "I ll-
no decision. 2r uanI-rsity spokesman shill

The :18 California State Senators; who \'UII'(I to .rinl-m
I. ‘jlluill RIIIIIIS Amendment" to the U S. Constitution \\l'il'l u‘ r- ‘l'
:r live mouse by Illl' "lllllillll untrvt'oint-n's llIII‘IilllUll |l Ii'l“ "
llotlsi-tVst-lInppiiivss of \\'ontzinltootl (IIUWI 'I'lil- gown-r ll: ll

lion Wits t‘XIIrl'Sht'd by IIUW spokt-swoiitrrli, Ilolrlir- Hull '1 y'l"
I'I-i-I they are llll('(' litsll-rill of int-ii, III'L‘ﬁIUM' 2r iiinii iimllll ‘
wriiiiun, While those IIII‘II Just ggrvv iii to IlIt‘ WIIIIII‘II'N IIIIII‘i

“Wll slrrritl up for llitll’l'lilul‘. ftiiiiily lifl- :rritl [Il'l-M‘lhlllll' “
filmlly," riiilillil-r |l()W ol'l'it'nll tli-t'lrtri'tl.

HOW lllt'nllll'l‘h also M‘I’I‘Ilildt'd the Senators \\‘|III llirw: lulu
Lo Illt‘ Unit“ of “Three lilintl Mll'l- "

"A lllitls‘l-l'ul of Inll‘l‘, Sl-l- how they run, Svl- liott Iln't ill”

'1'lit'y'i'i' I'IIlIIIlIIL' :lwny frottt tirr- gootl life.

'l'ln-y‘vl- tlt'SI't'lt'tl tlil- bousuwtl'v,

Dill you ever hl‘t‘ sut'lt :i sight in your lll't'”

:\ liiritsi'ftll of mri'» "

Multaruj Jl, lllt‘ poptlltir l l )’('z|l"III(l littlnlil glli'll
pi-rl‘l-l't mil-.ti-r illNI ruler of lIll' wrirltl, Inn, lit-vii lI.iiIIll‘ “I i
III twirl;v NIIVt‘lnlll'l‘ III' returned to ltilllri \vtllt it’ll” “" 1"
and $811,000 WlIl'Ill of llittll-l'lnri-ll (‘IISIL li'wr-Is .III(I \\ l“ "
l'lisloins wris inllniptiy illltl IIIiI_\' press sriiliggllng l‘lini‘LH

A Novr-ritlIl-r l'llli 11 1'1 lllsllillt‘ll .rlso r-l-tioi‘ls lllrll l “"
pollllt'nl IIIIII r'i-ligllnis lenders in liitliii I'lilllll guru All i " ‘v
wunt liini tirrlnslvll tor lying about his :lgi'

,,|r  rill:

fill'fr’lWl‘ll .Illll’l'llllllll |i\ llll'lt Il\|||.iII l» .l lltlll'llllllr
.l||.rlt-tl. llllllllt‘ Inns .\lIIl IiII lIIt' book.» in \.ll|tItI\ Imrt- w’
IIl‘I'I‘ .lil- .l II'W of llll' sl.illillw
I. ‘ ' I
‘ llI Irlhrltlt‘lltl, ltrlrliiinln ll s lllugnl lrrr .r lill\|ll1"»\lll.lli 1" 
UIIIt'I‘ .lliilil- Willi .l l'l-riiilli- nl‘l'l'l‘liII‘V
IIII' District ol ('tiltiinblrr proliilnls I'ltll‘IIIIIIi "-ll """“'
Illtlhl‘IIrtt‘Il
III lnrlnlnlipolls it's zigrllilsl llir- IiI\V llll' .r IlIrlII Willl .r III'"
to kiss Illl_\’l)lll‘.

Il‘lﬂilnﬁllltrl. IIIIIIiIlIil lure. .l IIIW .rgntiisl taking .r lr.rlII r
Winter,

In anrh‘m' M'hhl-‘MIIDI ll'h illt-gtil for Itll l‘It'|IIIIlIIl lo llil“i 

I'i- - . , . V
(‘I‘IIIIIIIIIAN ill’l' .tlsii llit'IIItltll‘Il to plow ('Itllllll Ill‘llln rrr ~-"~'
(uroliiiir.)

.

(:IIiIrltILIt'. North (.IIII‘IIIIIIII I‘I'tlllllt‘n wriliIt-ii to Wl'nl .Il II'II ’

tlrt ' - .
Y lb 0' l Intli rll’lllllld IIIt‘IT Ilulllt‘n wlIi-ri rippi-irririg III plrlIIIr

 

 

TUESDAY, DECliMul-zk 'r W?

 

 

 

Sirotkin Addresses a Pensive Council

continued from page one

Sirotkin said that in the past
he has refused to recommend
tenure to qualified instructors if
there were too many tenured
people in the department. When
he was questioned about this
practice his response was that
some departments don't have a
place for another professor while
other departments need more
teaching faculty. When it nega-
tive recommendation is sent to
the President it is not necessarily
accompanied by an explanation
of personal shortcoming or de-
partment overcrowding.

During the questioning, Sirot-
kin revealed a proposal that is
being worked on that allows for
It periodic (57 years) review of
teaching faculty. There ilrl‘ prob-
lems- with the present, system. As
Sirotkin noted, “A tenure agree-
ment is harder to brettk than a
marriage contract." Presently, it
IS up to the individule to prove
to the University that he should
be granted Icnurc,

Freshmen

by Sue choff

The freshman class is spon-
Mll‘lllﬂ 11 Coffee hour Wednesday,
December Ii, from 11:00 :i.m. to
113 00 pm. in the l’tltrooii
Lounge of the Campus Center.
The rr-ct-ption will givv freshmen
(In opportunity to meet the cult-
rlitlzitt-s for Class office and to get
IIIVUIVt‘tl In class il(.‘thlLIl‘S. Any
frl-slimrin interested in running
for class office is requested to
come to I.I'I(‘ reception zit 10:30
:r.m. ('ol‘l'ei- :intl donut.» will be
Sl‘l'\'t'(l.

Fri-slittit-n litive IJl't‘ll meeting
I'Vl‘t‘y Moriton night for the past
two months, ltich Aiken :tntl
rll‘illl annii, btrtlt seniors and
irir-inbt-rs iif lllt‘ honorary
sririr-ly, MYSKANIA, IIIIVt‘ been
helping llIt' t'lziss to organize
Ilhl'll Wlirll- approximately thir-
ly five people showetl up for the
first iiirwliiig, the number litis
SIIIt't‘ lellItIll‘tl (loth to five to
mum” Although this number In
small, llit'h Aiken it:in that the
students who come consistently
have accomplished quill- 21 bit.
IIII'II says that “the freshman
class is probably right now the
most IIt'lIVI’ t‘Iitns." llv A‘Xplillllh‘
IIIIII wliilt- lip. owrl class, the
I'IIISS of "7:1, dltl tllil IIiiVI‘ ()I'l'it‘t-rs
until IIII‘ class members Wt'l‘t‘
.opliomorns, the class of "TH
[)Iilll5 elections rlglil lifter (illl'ln'l
inns Vr’It‘IILIUII.

Once tenure is granted, the
burden of proof shifts and it is
up to the University to prove
“gross incompetence" to break
the tenure. In the proposed re
view system, any individual
found incompetent would possi'
bly have tenure revoked. Sirot-
kin said that he has gotten
mixed reaction from raculty;
both tenured and untenured,
and felt some reservation in the
reaction of the Central Council.

Before he left the meeting
Sirotkin said that he has “per—
sonally found that the input
from students on the University
Council has been significant.“
The students sometime disagree
among themselves and issues
don't always bretik down along
faculty-student lilies. He also
added lhlit he believes LIIt'I‘l‘
should be more student. repre-
sentutinn in the departments

In other business of the'
evening, the Central Council
passed an amendment to the
Election Bill. Until now, all elec-
tions for Student Assocnttion

Organizing

Additionally, the freshmen had
planned a SqUiIl‘l' dance, which
they cancelled when they found
out that Indian Quad was also
giving it square dance. But in
spite of LITI‘ fact that the (lance
nevr-r took [)liICl‘, lticli l'vvls It
proved that IIH' freshmen Wl'l‘t‘
cupnbli’ of orguiiiuiig functions.
He says the coffee hour is impor»
lillII because it allows freshmen
to talk to the people they will
vote for, instead of liriving to
vote for someone “because their
narnie sounds nice." “1‘ hopes
IIIl‘ coffee hour will help over-
t‘llllll‘ Albltlly State's tradition of
low voter turnouts for class l’lt‘L"
lions.

The students who have bur-ii
attending the meetings lluvv
Vtirilius ideas about class ut'tivi~
til-s illlll responsibilities, Jerry
Stinlzingelo already has informa-
lion oti :i ('Illlt't’l‘l of regional
blinds. He would Illtt.‘ the class to
sponsor concerts ill low llt'ltt‘l
prices. Linda BUM‘II I'm-ls lIlill
Irl-slirnt-n can use (‘IIISS gow-rn-
nil-nt 115 it Vehicle for getting to
know one another better, both
wrtliiii thi- same group that or
gtiitizns‘ activities, ill'td through
[110 activities themselvvs. Both
students fer-I the olztiis should
sponsor service activities, such Ith‘
blood drives and fundvruli-ll-rs.

 

BIL‘rllsltISI and dinner

.Ilso Included.

\tIN
‘3‘,»

3110
«s. I
or .5“

#14er 0‘

 

BERMUDA COLLEGE WEEK TOUR
April 20-26, 1973
298.80 per person (triple accom..)
lntltidcs Round lllp flight from Albany to Bet-
llllILlrl. (I nights .nuimodalions .lt BCITITUdldllrl Hotel-
d.tily; Round trip translcis
between Airport and Hotel; Hotel lax .tnd grutunics

OPEN DAILY' Monday tliru Friday
Wild. and Fri. 'III 8 pm,$at.10 'til 3 pin

Remambur...Nliver 6 Charge For Our Servrce

ARGUS TRAVEL

STUVVESANT PLAIA

((onvuniont Parking facililiui

489-47 39 ~’

 

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1972

have taken place in the spring
for the following academic year.
Last spring Pat Curran tried to
have the system changed, but
failed to get a bill passed in time
for spring elections. This semes-
ter, the recently formed Ad Hoc
Election Reform Committee
worked with Curran’s idea until
they thought it was completely
acceptable.

The provisions of this bill call
for three-quarters of the total
number of Central Council re-
presentatives for each living
area (five quads and “off-
cumpus") to be elected in the
spring with the remaining num-
ber elected in the full. There is It
provision for III. least one rc-
prosentiitive to be elected from
ouch living area in the fill! if the
“llirt‘C'qutlrLCI‘S to the neurcst
whole number" formula fails to
leave any seals open until the
fitll.

The system was changed so
tlnrt freshmen and transfer stu-
dents would be t-nl'rzlncliised its
soon as possible. Under this new
system, all eligible members of
SA can run for office and vote in
the full. Nothing was said in IIII'
bill about election (if the I’resi
dent and the Vice-President of
Student Association.

Before the meeting was
adjourned, Central Council re-
quested replacement elections
for two more Central Council
50111.5 (one each from Dutch,
Colonial and Indian Quads) and

endorsed the Five-Quad Voluir
Il‘t'l‘ Ambulance Service, The
Athletic
ported that starting next season

Advisory Board rt»

the Albany football club will be
it varsity terim.

.« r

.W
Ill“

1*“

 

\Ill‘I“

w‘
<\' ‘
“\rgulhlw

WELLS 8r COVERLY'S HEW SHOP
AT STUWESANT PLAZA

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

special Central Council,   7 

Elections Slated This was

Below is a list of the candi-
dates running for Central Council
Replacement Elections being
held this week:

COLONIAL QUAD: Lew Barr,
Karen Bloch, David Hirsch, Mit-
chell Knseoff, Anthony Rose,
Bernard Santengelo, Jeff Sher-
man, Steven Tesaer, Richard
Wechtcr.

M
Suspects

by Mike McGuire

SUNYA Security has IITI'
nounced lwo arrests recently
made in connection with it series
of drug-related robberies earlier
this year.

One suspect was arrested on
November 29 on 21 charge of
first-degree robbery. Security
ullt-gcs‘ he was involved in a
knifepoint robbery of II sizable
amount of marijuana from a
student in September. He plead-
vd not guilty, rind bail was set at
$2500, A preliminary hearing
refused to dismiss the charge.

Another person was arrested
on November 2] and was also
charged with first-degree rob»
bery. This charge stemmed from
:I separate instance of III‘mL‘d
robbery of marijuana from a
student. He also pleaded not
guilty, and wits released on
$2500 bail.

Both suspects are students at
SUNYA. They 'ticc a sentence
of up to 25 years imprisonment
if convicted.

A SUNYA student has been
ill'l‘t‘HIt'd and is iiwuiting lrnil

I‘ll: ) 1‘"
r"

I d

DUTCH QUAD: John Koch.
Kennedh Deane. 'Jeff Paulie, Da-
vid Galletly, Ellyn Sternberger.

INDIAN QUAD! Kirk Davis,
Marianne Furfure, Ellen Got-
tlich, Jerry Price, Thomas Sil-
veri.

Apprehemled

after an alleged attack on a
supervisor in the Campus Center
Kitchen.

The suspect, it student, had his
employment at the Patroon
Room terminated by supervisor
Ronald Clough on Saturday
night, December 2. Upon being
told to leave by Clough, he
allegedly attacked Clough. Se-
curity was called, but no charges
were pressed.

The suspect allegedly returned
to the Kitchen yesterday morn-
ing. When told to leave by super—
vilsor Gary Peck, he allegedly
refused, and Security again was
culled. When they arrived, he
allegedly drew a knife and waved
it at Investigator John Hennigan.

The alleged attacker was arrest—
ed and charged with criminal
trespass, resisting arrest, and
menacing. He subsequently
pleaded guilty on the criminal
trespass charge and not. guilty on
the other two charges. Bail was
set it a total of $750.

'l‘riul was set for December 18
on the two "not guilty" pleas, as
was sentencing on the criminal
trespass charge.

     
  
    

PAGE THREE

 

