/

" \
we,

ii

 

 

t.’
t . of
-I _ 0‘

 

 

) :‘i
it??? \

 

‘saav m5 W47? W/LL END. . .711/E/V you CAN

Pew/CE w M? 5FP/N6 PLOW/N61”

by Lois Pritzlaff
Alternative Features Service

It was a bright, crisp morning
when it happened. I was casually
comparing the list of ingredients
on a box of breakfast cereal and
a package of dog food. Almost
immediately I knew I‘d been
eating the wrong one That's
when it struck: I became a gas
tromaniac.

Gastromania is the compulsion
to know exactly what is in the
food we eat. Never again can I
enjoy a morsel of meat Without
wondering if I'm ingesting anti
biotics and hormones, antl I'll
always wonder if passing cars
had contaminated wtth lead the
grain that the poor beast had
consumed,

My gastromania has led to long
hours spent reading the fine
print on packagetl foods. It's
made me a pest in the mail
receiving rooms of food manu-
facturers, and caused the local
grocer to avoid me, (He never
did tell me what he uses to shine
his cucumbers.)

Never had I realized that so
much food is artificially flll'
vored, colored, or cmbalmed.

i Chemicals are iidded to keep
ingredients from combining or
separating. Strange elements are
thrown in to keep products dry,
firm, of good texture and free of
foam. Certain cheeses are even
given chlorominc l, to keep
them from stinking. Ah ~ prog-
ress!

When I found that by eating a
certain brand of bleached white
bread I would be improved, mat-

ured, conditioned, emulsified
‘ and stabilized, and my mold
i would be inhibited, my disease

be an to women
hen, the day I saw that my
ice cream carton contained no
list of ingredients. I became
hysterical. My gastromaniu had
reached the crisitt stage.
’l‘hey promptly answered my
mqurry about this mysterious
lapse of information, enclosing a

“fact sheet" concerning food
standards. Skimming through it,
l soon perceived that food stari-
rlards had been developed for
our prtiit‘t'lttnt.

That all” didn't explain why
the ingredients in ice cream .tt'l‘
secret (‘otild ll be classified Ill
formation" l continued reading
At last a paragraph on the
labeling of standardiu-d foods!

“Artificial colors and flavors,
and chemical preservatives mus-I
lie declared on the laliels till all
food containing them, except
butler, cheese. and ice cream "
'l‘his rtile, I discovered, followed

 

 

 

 

 

the infamous standard of iden
tity" the l"I)A's definition of
what certain foods should con
tain. ()n sortie foods ingredients
must be listed on the package,
but never basic, mandatory in»
gradients.

I knew what that meant for
me. Not only would I feel forced
to give up ice cream forever, but
i would throw my cheese to the
mice and use my butter to grease

. * What’s that Lurking in my ice Cream?

the doorknob (to keep my
roommate otit) when a friend
spends the night.

Of course, I didn't doiibt fora
moment the validity of lllt‘
I’DA's declaration that the
standard of Identin is for our
protection Never would lenter~
[am the notion that it might also
benefit big business Yoti see,
food manufacturers don't waste
their money on lolibyisis' 'l'hey
subsidize llll‘ research of nutrtl
ioiiists who certainly would not
allow the source of their money
to influence their findings

Yes, we are constantly liom
harried by truth. It was only my
gastroiiiaiiia that forced me to
write to the FDA They did
(they i'cully tlltll offer to divulge
the standard of |(li'lllll)' for
anything at my request [hit I
decided to bother them no
llllll‘t‘

Instead, I Wt'lll to the library
to seart‘h for tliiI ('rirlr' of Fer/ci-
al Regulations ’I‘i/Ic 3/, which
contains the standards of HIV”
tity As this still didn‘t solve the
question of which companies are
exercising which options, i am
brick to the letter writing.

Mos-l food iiianufiictiirers Wlll
be happy to tell you what is
really in a certain product, if
you can manage to refrain frorii
mentioning that their product
makes you sick Address your
letters to their t‘oiisumer Service
Department (if you can find the
address on the label.)

Should you become stricken
With gaatrnmaiiia, and Wish to
write a letter to the Food and
llriig Administration, their add
row. is Washington l).(‘, 2tl'Jtll

Just tell them that you Would
appreciate a complete list of
ingredients on all food products.
The government naver keeps any
other secrets from us so why
shouldn't they tell us what is in
our food? It wouldn't be the
first time we've heard bad news.

 

PAGE SIX

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the delicate balance that never was
Teaching vs. Research

At the core of the tenure controversy hcrc and .il  »
uiiivcrsitics across the land is the coniliit llt'[\\'t't it it .r l.-
cifct [ivcncss and research as criteria lor granting it n ,Ii

(in one Sttlc of the controversy .irc \ltttli’iit
campaign that professors \vith t'xtrt-iiit-lv lavorahlc ~i .ti

evaluations .irc being fired. while those with lt'ss Inill.

i. iv

evaluations but With good rcsciirth backgrounds. .ttl

fL‘fitlllt'tl tlIltl t‘VCII pl‘tilliliIL‘tl.

The students feel that the primary mission or
university should be teaching. 'l‘hcv sec administrator
professors .is their “ctiiployccs” cinplovccs uho ll
Pill their clit'rgtt's iii serving [ltcti‘ t'liipliiti'is (I.-
tc.tthing rather than rcscartli.

lhc administrators. on the other hand. tciiil i-i -,

r cinphasis on research. lor reasons ranging lli "

 

titstrt‘ til .ttltl [ti tittttt-s lx'tiiiwlt‘tlgt' (ii .i ii.i\ni,'

ilii\t'rsli\ "prestige" and "Visibility."

\‘w fccl that both [t‘titltittg cffctrivciii-sn and It ~ it
along with universit} scrvit‘c and stliol.irl\ .tltillt\. h
bc the tiitcria tisctl to tlL'iL'l‘llllllt' \vhcihi-i .t pro!
rctcncs lt'lltlrt' or promotion. 'l‘his isostcnsibb rh. pm
oi this university's administration. .is well. but m \r on.
tpicstion whether thci .irc fulfilling l[. In sonn- i..
professors who have extremely high [caching t'lilt'tIHI in
.is measured by student evaluations. are s.nriiitid i
others With ltlllt' cfllt-t'tin-iicss or rapport with 1“
students. All too often [c.ttliitig t'lilit'tlth'llt'SN |\ \.ltlili ‘
to rcscarcli. destroying the halantc lict\vccn tln
Ll'llt'l'ld. ‘l'hts h.il.rnti' Is necessary ll-lt'llllli' tlt'tl‘iliiti .'
hc lair.

We ll.t\‘t' sccn, .iiid still st‘t'. tcnurc dcrisions \ilinh ili
based tint on professional incrits. but on \\llt'Illt'I i‘i
ill‘l‘lll'riiti Is popular with his licllow iatnht incinlni
ilt'partiiicnt thairman. or whether .iii .itlininisiiatoi iii
personal grudge against him.

We would like to st‘c thc .itlniinistiation ll\i' upi

supposed oliicttiviti .iiid tonsistcnti in making
tlt'tlsttitis. i

As stated in .ill t'.Itl|i'i ASI’ cditoiial. \\l|.|l wiiit’
lll.lll\ lights loi pioinoiion .intl lt‘tttll't' .iri' lick-WV
totillttts \‘i'ltttlt i'csolvt' tlit‘tiisclvcs iiiilv iIt tlti' Illttlltl‘l
iitit' t'tJ‘l) ri\'t‘t .tlttitlit‘t'.

\A't' “Utiltl lll\t‘ Iii \t't' It'titlti‘ gidltlt'tl lli .itt iitipdt’
|ll.|llllL'l for .i thangc. ’l'hc l.l‘\t'\ oi Ins. “.iti‘lttiiti r
(ioodinan .iic only tWo t‘.\.tllllili's ol li<i\\ Illt' s\ t n r

llt't'“ Pl't'Vk'l‘tt'd on this i .iinpiis. It is [tltit' tor icioiin

' ii
A.

 

Ltllllil .a iziimi mom. .., \I a. .,i.vr iv
‘ lil lii‘ l
Mm hm.“ t.  ...r. tumour... ma...“ r. . r
\nntiiil to tilt \Ifihllis o. \Iniitgu-i

in”. ...n- \I-w» laitnm.

' titans-i. unto.”

on I nan... New: tam...

 i... inn. .a tan...

i .iamra l'ilxt' l-lilitin

' , V, .\........i. i.-.in.r...i in...” in

his can...

Am...“- Ari. twin... "Mm" "'m “hm”
r. i a .

npiirh hint-a
~ or

    

Mm- nit: H'llrlll tlrtnnu
 .r- m Ruum J: at ma in
m zitu Miran-i pull‘y ll t mum-a try an Ld-iiiir-I awn

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, Iii/9

   

 

 

 

      
      

An open letter to locker

A means of refunding
vending losses

 

Dear Mr. Lockch

I am writing this letter in regard to the system of refunding money
lost in the vending machines on campus operated by FSA. My
purpose is twofold: first, to obtain better service for those who use
the machines and second, to help you in bettering relations with
customers.

The present system of refunding leaves much to be desired. The
innovation of mailing refunds to oil-campus students was very
welcome but created a double standard that I think off-Campus
customers resent. It is just this group of people who haVe difficulties
in collecting their refunds. Many may not be able to be on campus
when Check Cashing is open. These include part-time night students,
those who participate in adult education in the evenings, and many
visitors who cannot return to collect their refund.

There are two plausible solutions to this dilemma. The simplest is
to provide mailing of refunds to anyone who loses money in a
Vending machine. The other is to keep a surplus of money on hand
at Check Cashing, or the Information Desk when Check Cashing is
closed, for immediate refunds. An adequate amount could be
computed by present refunds, and when this is exceded the present,
system could be used to fall back on. In this way you would not he
doling out more than is normal without an effective check.

I would be glad to meet with you and discuss these or any possible
solutions to this problem,

Yours truly,
Leonard ll. Marks

Albany at least liveable

To “11‘ It'drlor
I would like to respond to your article
Secure " t'I'tiesday, Nov. ZHtlil

Albany. Mediocre htit

I know it is not fashionable to like the city of Albany. We students
at I’illarland are supposed to compete for the most subtle digs at the
hick city we are safely isolated in. Iliit as an Albany resident who
likes his home. I would like to note a few things

The architecture is not all that atroc'ioits. 'l'he liar Association
complex on l'llk Street was selected by the American Institute of
Architects as one of the best buildings of the year llll72). The
Delaware anil lliidson Building, the State Ilank building, thr- Albany
City Hall, the Cathedral of All Saints...all are expressions of
architectural excellence of their day, and all are protected by law.
The (‘i-nier Square area is a beautiful mixture of lirownstoncs,
boutiques and churches. Washington l’iirk is one of Fredrick
(lllttnsteds best the was the designer of Central l'iirk ) antl one of the
only to stay in its original unspoilt-d condition.

Albany might iiol he a glittering metropolis. but then, neither is
New York these days, and Albany is at least a livable city where a
fragile ttrban mix can survive. (lay and straight, white and black.
_\oiing and old all of us who liztt’t‘ \vorkcil so hard lU iiiakc Albany a
special placc have been done .i great disservice.

l'iiiil 'l'I'ui-Is

Medium is half the message

To the Editor:

Enclosed you will please find a picture of a sign which hangs on
the door of the University Bookstore. I took this picture a few
months back and I just received the pictures back this past week (It
takes me a long time to get through thirty-six frames). In any event,
the medium is only half the message. The other half is the following
quote which is taken from Principles and Procedures of Campuc
Government, 5. J. Klein, ed., California Council for the Academic
Community (1969): “...neurly all university faculty and students are

literate." (p. 39).

’Academic Services’
welcomes suggestions

To the SllNY/t Community.

The Academic Services Council, established by the
Senate last spring, has been primarily concerned this
fall with educating itself about the three services
presently under its jurisdiction: the Library. the
Computer Center, and the Eduuational Communi-
cations Center. The Council is charged with coor-
dimiting the effective utilization of these three im-
portant. educational facilities and of recommending
any necessary new centers.

Any problems or suggestions about duplication or
procedural differences between the three services
should be conveyed to the chairman, Dorothy [lar-
rison, English Dept., or llannah Applebaum, Library.
Other members of the Council are: Thomas A, Baylis,
Kenneth C. Blaisdell, Donald W. Bunis, Chris Cohan,
Mary E. Coyle, Robert M. Fairbanks, Karen L.
llazzard, David W. Martin, William K. Mulvey, Edwin
I). Reilly, Jr., ltobert Robinson, Barbara llotiindo, C.
James Schmidt, Joe

True.
The Council will lioltl its next meeting on the
afternoon of Dec. l3.

liarlniru Rolando

 
      
       
 

'l‘o lllt' St W YA ('onirniinily
I'm sending this Il()lt' to advrse you
That takes hart- lakeii away

llr-‘s old and he's crippled and slow.

l‘in out on my ass lit the snow.

Mark A. Cunniff

Taxes too high, claims Claus

Those things I havn found most essential
My reindeer, my workshop, my sleigh.

Now I'm making my rotiiids on a donkey

So you'll know if you don't see Illt' Christmas

.S'ulilii ('liitis

W omoé

 

"Smoke a toast to
boys in blue"

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to express my
thanks and appreciation to the campus security police
for the assistance rendered to me on Tuesday morn-
ing, Nov. 28. As I left Indian Quad to go to my 8:00
class (the first time I had gone in two months,
incidentally), I noticed them towing away Jezebel, my
favorite car. After explaining that Jez had been ill and
needed some repairs, they graciously offered to tow
her to the garage of my choice. (I asked for Lou’s
Essa in San Diego, but they politely asked it" perhaps
there wasn’t one closer I preferred, so I settled for
King's Shell .)

Not only was this service performed in a friendly
and cordial manner, but it was explained to me that
sinCe the tow truck is run by FSA, there would be no
charge.

At a time when it. seems to be in fashion to put
down our ‘boys iii blue,’ I for one say “Raise your
pipes high and smoke a toast to them 

’I‘hanks fellas.

Eric Shapiro

Equal Erotica
Now!

To the Edilor:

Just a few words on those
ridiculous signs achrtising the
N. Y. Erotic I’im Festival. Why
is a woman's body used to de-
pict eroticism? I'm not at all
actively involved in women's lib-
ertitiun, but I do recognize bla-
tant sexism when I see it. Men‘s
bodies are nice. too. Don't they
deserve to be thought of as
erotic? Next time both or
neither should be shown. Let
men glory equally in eroticism
or let. neither be used

I you .Aixclrod

 

 

 

 

’IF ONLY WE COULD HAUL lT AWAY SOMEPLACE AND WORK ON IT

 

     
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
 
 

\, .\
‘_\,
\ \\‘."\“
\,“\\‘

__.
.,i\\,

s\
\*

   

QUIETLY . . .’

 

  

 

 

Communication: 3

[hr lllmnv .Vliiili'itr I’rr'rr
Iii'lrrrinrw lll.lfl (iron llx‘
It'tIt/t'l\, (iillllllllllli .ill'tim':
should he Iv/ir'n‘IiI/cii iiinl:

iltltllt'\\t’t/ to

Izi/itoiml l‘dur‘ l tlitoi

llli.i/i\' Vlnili'iit l’it‘w
\l ’\i l

lllmny, \iu li'le' 1332..)

t‘iilcsr lllt’lt' iiIt' c.\’lciiir

  
  
 

tiling r'lii’iriii.\ltiiicc.r, till

 

lt‘flt‘l'.\ must lie .tfgtlt'tl.

 

 

 

 

PAGE SEVEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1972

 

.. .a. A...” at“? a.

