 

    
 

 
  

PAGE 16

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1‘».
. wrig-

I

l I l I ' . I) .0,; .V' l - v.
 > I The crucial problem today» is; that we

:,,  I a a 'w xv" P; -, up} if:
t a ‘A A 7' work not art" 

f

. l

I he ‘Mke.love by telephone,

wand  Iiill by proxy ‘

r .

'3

.p .4

67. May ‘il
“ 6.8. February a
“£69 Hamil-oi)  .. -
- #70 September 28 il
titans-res 2/. - '.
January 18
“Dace. "linger l0

. . / , \\'
t " A
toven Pollack, ‘

I

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1972

  
 

 

, ; with limited use. They cited a $10 million complex at li‘redonia which

 

 

 

3 t The State University Construction Fund, which is responsible for

( ‘ office.

= ; Ventillation fans in some classrooms and lecture centers which “add to

 
  
  
   

   
 

 

AAY
STUDENT
PRESS

tlh

 
 

Vol. LIX No. 6 Tuesday, February 8, I972

   

 

 

 

 

Construction Fund
Found Inefficient

by Vicki Zetdin
Capitol Correspondent

   

 

 

 

    

all SUNY building programs, has not done its task as efficiently as it
could have according to an audit by State Comptroller Arthur Lt-vitt's

While the report notes that the fund accomplished its objective of
providing sufficient facilities to permit SUNY to double its enrollment
between 1961497], it charged that “,,.facility costs could have been
reduced,..," and with better planning, .,.a lesser number of facilities
would haVe been necdedw"

 

A recent audit by State Comptroller Arthur Levitt criticized SUNYA’s purchase of expensive technical
equipment. According to the audit. the X-ray defraction machine shown above may be receiving damage
because a special temperature controlled room was not provided for it.

i The report cited a need for more effective planning mid called for
an increase in the school week from 45 to 60 hours or more, weekend
programming, reduced vacation shutdowns by possibly switching to a
trimester system, and a reduction in costs by lowering space
standards

The auditors took the fund to task for its construction of facilities

 

...pollack

/ only serves about 20 students

The trend towards living off campus was also noted by the auditors,
v and ti was recommended that further dorm construction be carried
l out oiin after careful reevaluation of space requirements

‘ Nine building projects Were examined by Levitt's office and were
found to be running about til months behind schedule. The auditors
‘allcd for better liasoti between SUCF and SUNY to help alleviate this
problem.

A need for “greater cost consciousness on the part of the outside
architect and SUCI““ was ’llSU called for. The report charged that
many architects “overdosigned” facilities thus raising their cost. In
other instances the buildings required materials that were in short
supply or were subject to inflationary pressures The auditors claimed
that more careful planning could have saved millions of dollars

The report also charged that many facilities already in operation
suffered from structural defects. it also claimed that many purchases
were made prematurely, and that many construction delays-and thus
increased costs-were caused by academic program changes at the
schools and by a lack of communication between the fund and SUNY.

Albany's linear accelerator located near State Quad. was originally
slated to be a part of a planetarium building at a cost of $12 million.
SUNY deleted the planetarium from its building plans because this
campus (lid not submit a suitable academic program. SUNY then
transferred the accelerator to a separate building As a result SUCF
lost $126,000 from its design budget because of fees paid thtl
architect for the design of the combined planetarium and accelerator.
i Further design changes and delays of thc final project cost $1101"
' some $l95,500.

li‘urthcr structural problems here included the excessively noisy

 

According to Comptroller Levitt's audit. the nuclear magnetic resonance spectograpli shown above may
be damaged beyond repair because a room with special temperature and humidity controls was not
included in the architect's plans for the chemistry building.

...polluck

the acoustical problems already existing..." according to the report.
Home of the problems were traced to improperly wiri-d l'an motors.
Another structural deficiency listed was the leaky ceiling in the
campus center.

v, Albany‘s cqtupnicnt purchasing was eriliriicd sharply by the audit
report "Our on site Visit to the Albany campus has disclosed... that
some ot the equipment may not have been needed and that others
could not be used bet-aust- of lztt‘l\ ol'space or of qualified personnel "
More than I‘lltlt) lockers Wt't‘l' purchased for use III the basement of
llic l‘IarIli Ht'lt'llt’t' building but \\’t‘l'l‘ displaced by .i need for additional
i.ictilt\ offices The loi'ltci's tll'l‘ currently sliit'ltetl In .t \t't'lllitl of the
budding where they cannot be used

Home purchased items ieipiocil spct-ialiu-tl knowledge to maintain
and opt-rate, or temperature controlled rooms tor storage and use,
“however, none of these I't‘tlttli‘t‘lill‘llln were available .II the Albany
campus  tlic rcpt-rt slated. In this category welc two electron
Illlt'l‘lthl'tipl‘h‘ two stit‘i'll'ttw'tlplth and x ray equipment The cost of
these items was $13 Ih,t)tltt ’l'lus eiiuipiin-at may be damaged beyond
repair due to thtI laclt of controls, tillalil'lcil operators and proper
fllitlllll‘llillll‘l'

'l‘lic auditors also t'l’llll'l/A'tl a (it) htIlli chandelier Ill one of the
theaters of the Performing Arts Center The report ('lttlllit‘tl, "this
flxlurc cannot be lchrcil. therefore, it is necessary to erect a scaffold
over the main auditorium Wlll'til'Vl‘l' one ot the bulbs has to lit‘rt'pltlt‘l'lli”

 

The lockers above are part of more than 1.000 lockers which were purchased for use in the basement of
the Earth Science Building but were displaced by u need for additional faculty offices. The lockers are

E we hide AS], presently In a section of the building where they cannot be used. mp0,,” ck

chl- State Dormitory Authority

. .m: ,, . . . , _. _ . .. V V H - . Vast...“- mm... neg.

 

