 

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 197

  

 

 

Editorial
N o more

. term paper
%  advertising

‘ Commercial trading in term papers, (trough by no means a
new phenomenon, has become more brazen and apparently
more profitable. Shady merchants of such papers advertise in
student newspapers and, in their public statements, try to give
the impression that they are engaged in a legitimate business.

Their sole purpose is to profit from providing means for
successful deception. Theirs is a racket through which stu-
dents, who are foolish enough to be the customers, are as
cruelly deceived as the society which takes it for granted that a
certificate or degree attesting to certain attainments stands for
real achievement.

Recent attacks on the term paper peddlers by State Attorney
General Louis Lefkowi'tz have helped to call attention to this
‘ problem. But effective legal action rather than mere expres-
sions of disapproval is needed to stop the abuse. Colleges can
help by spelling out the penalties to be invoked against
students caught engaging in such fraud. Student newspapers
moreover should have a high enough regard for academic
integrity to reject thesis-for-sate advertiseMents.

“Term paper for sale“ advertising has appeared on our pages
in ever-increasing amounts this semester. At ﬁrst we thought it
a novel idea — a company making money by providing a
service that has existed since the beginning of higher edu-
cation.

We now realize the trite purpose of the term paper
companies and fully agree with the New t'ork Times editorial.
Playing on many students laziness is not our idea of free
enterprise.

A term paper involves work, research. time. What is gained
by sending away for a term paper‘.’ A “ll“" An "A"? Where do
you get the educational experience we are all (supposedly)
here for'.’ How can yoti get any practice nr anaylsisor creative
writing ifall you must do is send away S} tttt'.’

We urge Attorney General Lotus lcllurwu/‘s office to
undertake a formal investigation of term paper companies and
we urge all students not to buy any Icirrr paper that is for sale

Reprinted with permission from the New York Times, February 16, 1972.

 

 

New look planned for the bookstore

by Linda Mule

The SUNYA University Book-
store may soon be taking on a new
look, or so at least hopes book-
store manager Arnold Colon.
Colon, who previously worked as
bookstore manager of a com~
munity college set-up in Pitts-
burgh, took over as manager of
the University Bookstore on
January lst of this year. In
addition to certain rearrangements
of merchandise that have been
seen in the store lately, Colon has
outlined tentative plans for en
larging and restructuring the
whole Univursity store. He also
spoke to this reporter about the
hookrush, and plans for bettering

 

 

lean—lira [innards lllpllFIUIllf

Thursday, Feb. 24 in LC-l8 at 7:30 I
FREE with current tax card It ID, $.50 without ‘

Illsn---flash Enrrlrrn Serials ‘

MM"

Fri., Sat., Sun. at 7:30 & lO...T|CKETS: Thurs. & Fri., I0-2 in the CC Lobby

AAA-‘AAAAAA

 

a-.. _-- r. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-

 

 

 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

 

 
   

 
    
    

the service and utility of the
bookstore.

The plans for actually enlarging
the square footage selling space of
the bookstore are still up in the
air, but Colon is hopeful that his
project will be approved. The pur-
pose of changing the store, which
involved vacating the offices
located in back of the present
book-selling area, tearing down
the walls which separate the
offices from the rest of the store,
and then finally remodeling that
new area, would be to double the
actual squar" footage of the store
from 4,000 sq, feet to 8,000 sq.
feet. This should, according to
Colon, facilitate setting up all the
departments of the bookstore on
a totally self-service basis.
Another part of (lolon's idea is to
set up a usedbook department In
thr- bookstort‘, as “the only
effective way of reducing llll'
costs of textbooks." 'l‘lu- manager
merit of the bultkslot'l', which is
part of FHA, now srrpcrvrst-s thr-
Uscd Book Sale, but (‘olort would
like to have a pcrrnanr-nt used
book department m the «torn
list-If.

 

see a pro

PROFESSIONAL

SKI INSTRUCTOR
Of AMERICA

ill“!
for

fu_ndamentals

 

PROFESSIONAL SKI
INSTRUCTORS OF AMERICA

'4 "‘I. AUVNIISIIII) contributed tor
r the Public Good ov the
u-

Aluany Sludunl Pram

 

 

 

pollack

Colon would also eventually lik

to set up the textbook area in th .

tunnels on a totally self-servic
basis. He feels there is “somethin
lacking with the present clcr
service," and that it would be “
benefit to our customers for the
to be able to see and pick ou
their own books." However, sine
this plan will take it large amoun
of time and money before it ca
be implemented, Colon wil
continue to use the option syslc
first used at the beginning of [hi
semester. This system of buyrn
books, which affords sludl'llls Ih
option of either staying on llllt' n
the tunnels and waiting for at
order In be filled the same day, o
leaving an ovr-rnighl ordr-r :rtu
picking up thr- order right nwa_
lhi- l‘ollowmg day, pron-d \‘l-r
successful. according to l‘olon “t
Hillti br- has t't‘l‘l'H‘t'll marry farm
abh- cotrrrnr-nls l'ronr silllll'lll'
about the option ~yslvin. and
added Hint "at no time \\'.t\ lltt't'r'
a lllll' that I‘kl‘l‘t‘tll'll 2|) |lI|ltI|||'\ '
r\ l'vw minor problems arose in
thr‘ Imokrnslr xur'lr .rs Ilu- rIiIIi
('ully of filling i)\‘I-l‘tltull| orders
for only L) (if .t brurlh but ihr\
])lII‘lIl‘lllllI’ probir-irr \vrII prolr.ilr|\
lu- l‘l'llll‘tllt'll, \ttlll (‘olori In haying
it iirrrrirnrlirr quantity of lttttth
that can be filll'd on an tt\'l'l‘lllglll
basis.

Sonic of (‘olon's pr‘r-wnr [ll.lll~
for lllt' bookstore Itlt'llllll‘ .r r.r|l|i-
and tr print book .rrrd t‘r'l'oi'rl \.l|t'

l’rr-i- l’llffll‘m to wrrr .r |Il\pr~vil

lnl‘yr'lr- can “1' pit-kr-rl rip rum Ill
llu- l)tttIl(\lttI'l' and tho drawing
for tlu- ltllit‘ \vrll lrl' on .\l.rri|i
‘Jllh .‘\|\u plannr‘rl lot lllr' irronlh
iil' Mnl‘l'h I\ .r rm'ind ‘-rt|l' whiih
promist \Hlllt‘ grout |r.rrg.irir-. on
all hllltlx ill III||\I('_ lllllll lr.lirrrtrlr'

in h.ir’ilrtrr'|r, .rtId tI lumlr
whlt'lr wrll inr'lntlr' ttl\l .|ll|l|ll
r-vr-rylbrirg in tho \lttll' .iI lll‘lllr'll
dons \rn'ltltjh

Anniiuni-i-nu-nlr. of birth \.|f|‘\
Will he in llu‘ Albany Sludr-III
Prt'sh during the nr-xl wot-ll

**********

 

ll-ns-n—nlln-ir-ssllr-II-l.Ir-n-u-nInn-“llillllI-illlllltIlLIJJ

 

 

On March 17, the ASP publishes its

: Annual Spring Issue.

featuring poems, photos and essays
all on the theme of Springtime.

It will be contained as an insert with the regular ASP.

 Anyone alsth to contrllmts In any any.

soot-at Jolt Rodgers, cc 334 or 457-2190.
' ,o a; a u a a a I Ill' a'- an mwwmmqunau

-xx-lvllme-n- nurnjlr‘lr‘sru'lr‘i

 

 

 

munrx Xlunvn

      

it“

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1972

HOME

SWEET HOME
9

O
by Bob Mayer

I went home to New York (lily this work-end, if one can actually
call New York a home and from thr- minute I set foot on her ground I
realized ll'lt' doom that my city was destined for. It had been ovor a
month since 1 ID“ the worrrh~likv security of this campus and I forgot
the horrible reality I left l)l'l]Ilt(|. Man could have come no closer to
creating a modern day lnl't-mo that Dante wroleabout if his life
depended on it. It. struck lt‘ll‘ as hell itself and I had to ask myself why
have people chosen to accopl thr- madness. All the answers are not
adequate yet all the reasons ltl’t' Very real to these people. They never
chose to live like they do, they just woke up one day and discovured
that. they were entrapped in some sociologists nightmare. You look at
their faces and you soc that not one is happy, not one is glad to he
alivv in this havun of despair, and not ttt'H' shows any sign of
fulfillment or achievement. The Park Avenue executive, with his
8-hour work a (lay suit and the garment worker willr his ~t() hour week
trousers share the sumo expression of bewilderment and fatigue. 'l‘he
rrrcr'hanic Irumanoids fUI‘l't' their way into and out of the archaic
tunnels that will ll’itll them to a final rt'sling place, t'Vl'i‘t if it is only for
Iii hours, There is no consciousness occurring in their minds The
hours in the office, factory, or shop. filled with small talk, gossip, and
unit-rs, buvt' Ir-fl them With a for-ling of l'mplttll‘hs and willr little hope
of lltl'ir lives over being changed into something dot-cut again They
\l‘t' lbr- thousand others that look rust lllft' tlrl-rn and lthlt'tttl of for-ling
unity they can only fch the loss of .wlf anti ltltllVItlIlltllly. 'l'hcir
biggest fear is tltul one of Ihosc in thr- mob wrll W'lllllt‘v to comr- up to
tlu-nr and molest them wrlli a (lllt‘hllttll or httnlt' ridiculously, absurd
statement about how bad things have l)t'('ltltl('. MUM are too tired to
brrlil up a nl‘Wspirpl-r and thou t')’t‘l|t|.\ tlr‘oop down as if the weight of
“11' world was rrri them

I thought of tho Uflt'll llal'tl lt'l‘ttl, thr-
laugh Is this what ttffllll‘tll‘l' has given tlu-nr Dot-r. it really matter
\ylrr'thr-r' they t'l'lllt‘tl to Finn's! IIIIIs or In lii'rll'trrd Stuy" Nut If this LN
llu- Iltl‘itllrr to that rind, Not one lousy Irving on all tlu- Hull‘s of sIl-vl
ll'ttl'l\\ rs living for anything other than HI’RVIVAI. (inc tnllsl sltfft't'
this (IISLEI‘iH‘l', this waste and lil‘lt'llllltll only because hr- or she has to
])t‘tt\.’l(ll' l’r'ovrdr- so lllt‘ children can attond un-t-dur'nlrrrg schools, .slt
they can livv in ii City of (ll-city. rnI-xcusablc (Instruction and

'aI'I'Iur-nl Sltt‘ll'l)’” and had to

(ll'll‘l'lltlltlll (If goods and M'I‘Vlt‘t‘s.

People can frrid llllll' Joy in this Wasteland They're too damn busy
struggling to SURVIVI‘I in that t‘lI)’. It isn't John Lindsay who has put
this on them, it Isn't Richard Nixon, or the Rirl'kI-fl‘lll-rs, 'l‘br-y did it
all tlri'tttsolvr-s lry keeping their eyes closed Hy refusing to think (if litt-
t'onscqut‘nt't‘s that “11' false god progress had in store for them They
collectively buried themselves in tom of lrurrran fir-sh and through
their ng-r-d rcfusr-d to make sacrifices. And by the same speculative
reasoning, they may be the innocent Victims of the empire; inevitable
fall. And now there isl1lt(‘llt)lCt‘,lhl*rt' is only the trend to survin-

Ex-Cons Now In College

New YWk. N-Y- (Cpsl ' RHY' that the rehabilitated cX-uffendt'r
mond Machudo was in ii juvenile can crunle a rapport. with the
detention center at the age of It. inmate, unmatched by the
He came to New York City from “sqmrri-" instructor. This is as-
l’ucrto Rico with his family, while sumod for two reasons « one is
5”” in his ianUlCY- EVL'HIUHIIY. hL' that he crirr understand thr-
wrrs to serve 10 years in proson, feelings rind attitudes of the stu-
includmg eight yours on a man donl~inmatc and also because hr-
sluugblarr charge. represents; trope in a blcirk exis-

(iris Monticro is a ~10 your old toticc. As im cxcrrnvict turned
black man ~ an ('X-tldtlll‘l and an teacher, he is evidenci- that a mini
oxronvict with over l.'l years in can make it on the outside
prison, mostly on drug related The reality of this new or

 

 

charges “l? was born and raised in
Nt'W York.

Scott Cross is white and was
ram-ti in the suburbs. He became a
member of the 'l‘cirncr'k, New
Jersey policr- forcc Two years
ago, he was arrested as part of a
police ring stealing from norgh
hor'hood stores and ho survud it
your in New Jersey prison after his
convrction.

Itin Machndo, Cris Montioro
and Scott Cross have two things in
common, All three are ctr-convicts
and all three will be students at
Montcluir State College, Mont~
cluir, N.J,, this semester.

'l‘hr-y will be college students as
a result of a federally-funded pro-
gram in winch Monlcltnr Sltlll‘
College and an ex-convrct orgrrrri-
nation, The Fortune Socroly, have
collaborated. Ah part of lbrrrr pru-
grnm, they erI br- working at the
Fortune office as (‘Ullllh't‘llttrﬁ'ln
training.

This college program is (h'rsignud
to permit formor offandorrl to
lunch and counsel men in prison
It in operating irndur the premise

pl'l’lt'llt't' rs difficult for Raymond
Mrrchado to totally comprehend
Al lht' age of It], be received a
20-40 year scrrtl-nco front ll jung
wlrrr ('nllt'd him it "Spanish Baby
Fueled Nelson and ii menace to
society," Through the courts, ho
had his sentence reduced to l0v20
yours and he made parole in 196!)
A decade ago, Ray Muchado
thought that lie could be in prison
until l999. Now he is a scholar-
ship strident preparing to teach
the men with whom he was once
cncuged.

Cris Montiero used drugs for
over 20 years and bird been nbrrn-
doned by most of his family.
Society had written him off as an
addict and n convict. His role in
life hrrd been cemented.

Scott Cross was a cop who had
been busted. lie was called it
disgrace to his police uniform
while lining luhclud irn uxcon He
felt InI belonged nowhere.

But prroplc can change - and
ch iurgrrd par)va can provoke
growth and progress.

 
 

 

 

DING-VI
\_, \f‘d} I

 
  
  

  
 
 

min run our FILL or same
Weizztnip étry/TH IoFT, Flt/FFY
we , MELI‘L 55 (mth H ,
yo MM IIIENTIFY mruwnliafm;

EBttlE rur‘ EEP
WHAT Do you CHICK!
warn, ANrWAY?

      
   
 
 

      

        

  
       
 

annotate: THAT , ,5“

mm “carcx- For ” ’“NTI mumps,“
:mRrettsLlj ,0 CANG

E u;/

 

  
     

  

 
   
   

wmr PtMﬂ/Rf.’ ILAP ME
THREE, Pursy/ [—

   
  
 

we DtMAND 70 a;
ALLOWED mm TH:
FELINE FOLD!
1’

  
 

PAGE 7

 

