 

 

r.
l

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

PAGE leicnr

Wage and PriceControls: Do They Work?

by Jerry Norton

Are wage and price controls working?
As might be expected, the Republicans
who imposed them say yes, and the
Democrats say no. The pure partisanship
of those positldnshis rather clear, when
one considers that  of the Republi-
cans who now praisqfnlcontrols vowed
(before President Nikon, put them into
effect) that their Party would never
shackle the free economy with the chains
of controls, while many of the Democrats
who now criticize controls were once
condememning the President for not us-
ing the power he had to impose them.
When he did they quickly changed their
tune.

Partisanship aside, a good case can be

GRASS ROOTS

made that the controls have failed, or at
least that to the degree inﬂation may be
said to have decreased in the last months,
it decreased in spite of, rather than
because of, controls.

Looking at some statistics, one finds
that prices went up at air annual rate of
5.5% in 1970. in the ﬁrst eight months of
1971, before controls were imposed, the
rate of increase dropped to 3.8%, a
decrease of 1.7% In the first 12 months
after the freeze and controls, the rate of
increase dropped to 2.7% a decrease of
only 1.1%. Thus prices were already
dropping, and at a faster rate thair they
ltave since, before controls were imposed.

A number of sources ranging from
Senator William l’roxmire and the New

 

Prisoner of TWO Wars

by Phil Jackson

 

(The following is a factual account of
one man‘s experience as a Prisoner of War
in North Vietnam. For additional infor-
mation, please refer to Newsweek, Janu-
ary 4, 1965, p. 24.)

 

One December evening in 1953 a patrol
from the French Artillery Battalion sta-
tioned near Haiphong was ambushed by
North Vietnamese insurgents. Radioman
Yves LeBray, a member of that patrol,
was one of the men who never returned.
One could only speculate as to his fate, as
well as the fate of his comrades, since no
bodies were ever found. It was assumed,
naturally enough, that had LeBray sur-
vived the ambush and been taken prisoner
by the North Vietnamese he would, upon
the cessation of hostilities, be released
along witlrl‘tlie other known Prisoners of
War. in this war, as in the one currently
being fought by American forces in South
Vietnam, the names of prisoners being
held by the North Vietnamese were not
always revealed.

When the war ended six months later
LeBray was not returned to the French.
The only possible conclusion French of-
ficials could reach was that LeBray and
the others had been killed in the ambush.
Regrettably they notiﬁed his family of
his apparent death.

But LeBray was not dead. He had been
captured the night of the ambush, and for
the past six months had languished in a
North Vietnamese Prisoner of War carirp.
For most Frenchmen the internment end-
ed with a French withdrawal from Indo—
china. For LeBray it ended almost a
decade later.

As his countrymen were being freed,
LeBray was being moved to it slave labor
camp just a few miles from the Chinese
border. Because his name had never been
released as it Prisoner of War l-‘rerich
ofﬁcials had no right to assume that he
was still being held liy the North Viet—
namese. They thought then, as some
American officials prefer to think today,
that once the war had ended the North
Vietnamese would have no further use for
their Prisoners. Radioman Lebray
thought this also. In fact he thought
about it every day for ten long years.

LeBray would still be a prisoner today
if not for his accidental discovery by
French ofﬁcials. His release in December
of 1964 marked a period of incarceration
that lasted into the present Vietnam

conﬂict. Today there are over 525 Ameri-
cans who are known to be Prisoner of
War. As George McGovern proplietically
stated, these men will undoubtedly be
released as soon as the United Stated
withdraws its forces from Vietnam. But
these are known Prisoners of War that
Hanoi released, men that one day, by
virtue of the fact that the world knows
them to be Prisoners of War, would have
to be released. OVer 1500 Americans are
listed, as was Radioman LeBray, “missing
in action." Their fate is not known.
Undoubtedly a great number of these
men are dead. But some are not. LeBray
was used as a maintenance man at a
power station in Langson because of his
“extensive electronic background." He
was a radiornarr in the French army. Most
POWs and MlAs (missing in action} are
Air Force and Navy pilots men whose
skill in electronics far surpasses that of a
mere radiomaii. Those men who are
known to be Prisoners of War must one
day be released. The same cannot be said
for the missing in action and there is no
reason to believe Hanoi is any more
benevolent in this war than it was in the
previous conﬂict.

 

 

Hilly $ 
low, 41Hoipoglntir-5 r.r .; W" ‘WI
2 in i McGovern / lIIﬂ E.
Newman punter Ior ullll pnllllcll
fun. Order your: howl

21 x28

10 / $1159 (Huh :‘0 St I9 with
‘40 / $141,! i-titli l'lirriso ntito lUI
putt-s on quantum. or too or mom
I Piuaarr airritl I'll! point/s to l
IIUJ utltlltma btrluw f litriru lllLll/(H‘d
ltl rover iiirsiriqu .mr/ rotor/ring
(Md msriiorrls odd 4% miles Ill!)
lull Iiiiyrriurti is enclosed
Minnow-uwa “—~7-_

City 7— '"NSWTJT'TT'ITrT—
Sand check it M0 to Johnson
Blumne, 712 AllmrlCﬂ" City Bldg
Columbia Mo 2w“ you

l
l
l
l
l
l THEIR.” ’"
l
l
|
l

 

York Times to Milton Friedman and the
Wall Street Journal have suggested that
the economic forces that caused the
general downturn in inflation were al-
ready at work before the controls, and
have continued to be the major factors.
Most fundamental, argues the Journal,
was the rate of growth in the money
supply. Unless such growth is matched by
an increase in the supply of goods, a
larger amount of money available to meet
the same supply of goods will result in
the increases in prices most laymen see as
inflation.

In 1967 and 1968, the money growth
rate was 7.6% and price increase was

nearly as much, with a time-lage of about

a year from the time the supply was
irrllated to the time its effects on price
were felt. In 190‘) and 1970 the rate was
slowed to 2.9%. This was followed by a
sharp decline in price inflation in 1970
and into 1971,

Since February 1970, however, money
supply has been increasing at 0%, which
may account for the fact lliat price
inflation has not slowed as much since
controls as it did before them. It may also
be responsible for the consistent failure
of the downward trend in consumer
prices to be matched by any such trends
in wholesale prices. This is a matter of
concern for the simple reason that if the
prices of the goods the retailer buys keep
climbing, he must sooner of later match
those increases in the prices lie charges
the consumer, assuming he wants to stay
11] business.

While prices in the wholesale index had
fallen steadily front October 1970
through July 1971 (prior to controls),
there has been no such trearid since.
Rather the opposite; while the wholesale
price rate of increase was 4.7% in the six
months before the freeze, it was 5.2% in
the first six months after. The same trend
has held trirc over the long-term. The
government reported in September that
in the first 12 months since controls were
put into effect. wholesale prices increased
4.4% lll the year before controls, they
were tip 4%. [neivitable lllt.\ wrll mcan
either a profit sqiree/e or a price increase.

That last statement may not seem to
square with all the news about business
littl that
particular news is highly ltlhlt‘utllllg. l’ll)~

getting record profits of Irite

OCTOBER 24, 1972

fits are at their highest point in history in
terms of total dollars, but a wage earner
who has been working 10 years and has
gotten salary increases each year to match
price inflation, would be making a record
salary in dollar terms while having no
more real buying power than he did his
first day on the job. A true gauge of
profits is after-tax profits aS'a percentage
of sales. Looked at that .way, profits are
at far from record levels. They average
less than 5% of sales. They were nearer
7% in1965 and 1966, and have been
under 5% since then only in 1970, 197!
and this year.

Adding to the problems is the govern-
ment's own continued adoption of infla-
tionary schemes. it continues its deficit
spending and expansion of the money
supply. it continues to arbitrarily increase
Social Security benefits and minimum
wage and comes on with rirore new
programs like revenue sharing, despite its
lack of the money to pay for it. Thus the
government blithely fuels the inflationary
fires while punishing private businessmen
and non-governmentworkers if they (hire
raise their prices or ask for higher salaries.

in all then. wage and price controls have
had little effect, and there‘s sortie evr-
dencc to indicate that, with or wttlrout
them, we iiiay soon be in for another
round of inflation. Regrettable. the one
effect controls probably have had is to
make the American people accept the
principle of them. 'l‘liough polls show
Americans don't think controls have been
all that effective, they seem to believe
that the solution is more control not less
September Gallup Poll shows 4544 of the
public believes controls should be more
strict and 29% want therrr kept as they
are. Only 15% want them less strict

This acceptance of controls probably
means that if they were lifted in the next
few months and some price increases
followed, price increases caused by the
ever-expanding federal government .llttl
money supply. the cry would be not lot
.in end to those government polrcrcx
responsible lot the inflation, btit for
bringing brick the controls that punish the
ptihlit tor the policies of tlic ptillllt'ltllh
'l’hose who believe 111 ii lice economy
have :i iitassch educational task lrctorc
tliciii.

 

 

 

 

FTC bars false claims
in Vivarin advertising

llli P'tlll‘till 'l‘liltll‘ l'oiiiiiiission lots
irliiriiirirl ,r ioiiniirt urtlr r‘ lllill pro»

liilirts llii- .l ll Wllllrlllth ('tr, lllt‘

, .
l\r-t\ Yor'lr (rt\ irorrr iiizikiiig
ftilw :irlvi-i‘ltstiiig il.iiiir. l..i l’rr-rii'in
.iii tt\'t'l-lllt‘rt tritrilt-i l-llll lllt »li.i\.r il

\llfllltl.tiil

lii iln t'iiirriilrrriil llri l"'l‘(' \.it(l
l’it'iii'rir \\.|\ l.rlst‘l\ illl\t‘l tim-rl its lit-
in); rllllt‘ to lllrll\l \oir iiroir- t'htllllll'
.iiitl illll‘ill‘lHt‘, sli.rriil.iti- yiilii' ht);
llft‘, tltl|ill)\'t' your [H‘lnliltillllv triitl
solve llli'ltlli'll illtll lilllt'l pi'olili-iiis

In an tiiiitstrril llll’lllt‘l sit-p, llll‘
FTC liiis l't'(|lllli'il lllrll llll' Villtlt‘llt
.irlyi-r'tisiiig (llht losi- thr t'illlt‘lllt' coir-
tent in terms of lllt‘ iitiriilir-r of iini ~
nut-«sired clips of rr-gtrlrrr‘ coffee with
equivalent crrlli-irii- content

P Williams" advertising agencies

irrksori Advertising Agency. lrit' ‘
and Delhi Peiniiiii, 'l'i'uvisiiiio Kt l’ni't-I
tiers. lnc . were also t‘lll,‘(l iii the corr-

 

aent order

on out...
HALF THE mum
is centurion
NONE AT ALL

 

 

{I

 

OCTOBER 24, 1972

  

 

WASHINGTON ll“(‘NS)—-'l'hc ltltt'lrtl
Washington Post, often condemned by
Administration spokesmen as a prime
example of the media‘s left-leaning bitis.
has editorially praised President Nr\orr\
record on domestic issues.

Said the Post in an August In ediiorml

"The President may trnd this surprising
but we believe his record on stit'tul mum
is far stronger than he apparently thinks
it 1.\ and Well worth plt‘wtlllllp to [lie

 

POST Praises

GRASS ROOTS

Nixon

\tllllt' \u' bclict'c hc l|.l\ picsciiteil :i
plausible .llltl tlclciisrblc package til \t‘t’lrtl
lt'_Ll,l\l;tlllltl to the ('ongrcs» ovci thc l.t\l
three and Htlt'rlltlll years He could inrrkc :i
LrlNk' loi l|l\ income strati'rn l|l\ llIIIii\'.i
titc .ippro.itli to welfare icloinr. llt\
lic;iltli ltl\lll.tl|t.'t‘ proposals .iiid ltl\ \'.Illttll\
icvcritic-sliriririg clloits lic Ulllltl cxplrriii
lt|\ ltllllthlplt) ol lctlci.ili\in .iiitl \ociril
.iition rind. With at least partial itislicc,
blame the ('ongicss lot irot xiipportiiig his
llllll;ill\‘t‘\ He could even trikc cictht loi
coiitiiiirtmp l’icsirlcnt Jtilttlwtl\ “th ori
port-rt) "

 

‘iAspirin: Still Drug of Choice

it

MOUNT VERNON, N.Y. -— in the face
of advertising claims that would have you

Union reports that "plain, common, ordi
nary aspirin is still the drug of choice" a
mong over-the-counter pain relievers.

The August issue of Consumer Reports,
CU's monthly, says that when selecting an
analgesic —— a pain reliever 7- you should
“limit your consideration to the cheapest
brand of plain aspirin."

There is no virtue assocrated wrtlr irrore
expensive aspirin, says Consumer Reports.
It says that Bayer aspirin, which may sell
for from two to fow times the price of
"ordinary" aspirin is no better for reliev
Ing Common aches and pains. "Consumer
Union knows of no reason to buy Bayer
aspirin instead of a cheaper brand," says
the report.

It points out that their: are 'no recog
llllud clinical studies showmg that a fth!
grain tablet of Bayer aspirin relieves pain
better than any other fIl/U‘gfalll aspirin
tablet. Any departure from the aspirin
standards set by the United States l’lirrr
inocopeia (U.S.l’.l would in any event l)l.‘
ii Violation of low "

Aftor reviiiwrng iintl tll'rlilllllitJ sovrrrtrl rl(l
claims for products sticlt as Bttlll'ltli Ann
Citt, Ekcudriii, Villlqulhll, .irid (Lope, (,orisii
met Reports tidvrses its two million '.l1l)3t,l|
hers to "Distrust rlll claim» made for t) it;
lover-the-counterl drug products, itapucttil
ly analgesics. Urge your lriciids to distrust
them, too, and uncoumut: your children to
be skeptical of all such titht:rlt§liig_"

0f the following products Consumer Ru
ports says:

prevent the stomach upset often caused by
aspirin. Last year the National Academy of
Scrences-National Research Courier! report
ed that most studies it evaluated showed

"little difference in the incidence or intensr
ty of subtectwe gastromtestinal side of
fuels after ingestion of Bufferin of plain as
pirrn."

Astor theeltiimthat Builerrn is “twtce
as last as aspirin," the saint: report conclur
dud that there was no corivtncmg support
for claims that Bulletin is either faster or
gentler.

'ANACIN
or doctors recoriirnend most for headaches”

flie unnamed "pain releiv

of which Anacrn contains more is, of
course, aspirin. Two Aiiacin tablets contain
about one lilth more aspirin than two plant
1) grain aspirin tablets, plus some caffeine,
illl ingredient With no analgesic ellccl CU
xiiys you pay an "extraordinarily high pri:
iiiitiiii" for the small amount of extra aspi
iin Arititiii pitiVirlus

EXCEDRIN Diiiitliiio extra ingredient
I.lilllllb, CU says, "ll tliiet' iiiipiidiieiits .iit:
good, liitir must lii: lrottrci .it lliribl lrriiri
tiii r11lVl£llt\|lltJ‘ilrlltll|ll)lltl " ()ii tlitt lirl'rl‘r til
lacotlirri's ioiirriiln (le wonders how it i..iii
lii- Lilllltfl rill "extra stiiiiigtli” [)rllll iiiliovoi
ll roiitairrs only It 5 (pains of Wllrll CU coir
-l(ll,‘l‘r oiloctivi: .iiitiluiisies, loss lltdlt tlro
lIVl,‘ qiniris ol .iii aspirin tablet

VANOUISH .iittl COVE “lltimi 'iii-w'
l) [C rlllillth".ll.‘~ ("U incrrily liriiliiir vrriitr
tiiiiis on the stunt: lilllllll'dl’ theme but
wttli live ingredients instead ul four "

Remarkably, both are marketed by the
some divtston of the some company that
markets Bayer aspirin. So Sterling Drug is
.rdvrirtisirig that there is nothing better for
pain relief than Buyer aspirin at the same
time that it advartisas that there are two
products far better than any aspirin.

PAGE NINE

Hitler On Law‘ and Order

By Brian K. Stanley

You've probably heard or read the
scary Hitler quote, the one about law and
order, the one featured in New left
magazines and on New Left posters. The
quote consists of two parts, the first of
unknown origin, the second apparently
invented by comedian-politician Dick
Gregory while appearing on the Merv
Griffin show in 1988. The first part runs:

The streets of our country are
in turmoil. The universities are
filled with students rebelling and
rioting. Communists are seeking
to destroy our country. Russia is
threatening us with her might
and the Republic is in danger.
Yes, danger from within and
without. We need law and order.

And the Donation of Gregory con-
tinues:

Yes. without law and order our
nation cannot survive. And we
shall restore law and order. We
shall by law and order be
respected among the nations of
the world. Without law anti order
our Republic shall fail.

The trouble is, the quote is a take. and a
rather sloppy one at that. No authen—
ltcatron for the quote has ever been
produced, and with good reason. for the
quote originated. not in a speech given by
Hitler in Hamburg iii 1932, but at the desk
of some American New left academic in
the later '605.

The Liberals havv apparently finally
decided to admit the phoritrrcss of the
quote. in the October issue ol Com-
mentary. libcrzrl publication of the
Ariicrican chrsh Cottltnlllett, Samuel
Mct‘racketi writes.

’l'lri- qrrottition appears to be
bogus Repeated efforts to trace

it to Hitler have failed — as iii-
uced, anyone wrth even the most

We’re Going to fire Movies”

Ml \I( ll ( llh ll(‘f\.\l \p.rii til 5v
\ict lioiiilioiii' [Il.t\t‘l\ llith' tlclct ll'll lltIllI
tlrr- l,ciiiirpr.iil Music Hall firtlrcutri to
piilititnl;i\\ltiiiilicrc

lllt‘ too llL'tl tlrc tiltllt'ftltn llllllli)‘ .tll

t'iipiipcinciil l.l‘.l llltlltlll lltc) ll'lil tlic

otlrci lllt'llllit'l\ lllt‘\ vccic poiin to .r
tlt'i\|L‘
Ilic loo Alt'\.iiiili'i l\.tl|'|\  and

hurt (iltltlt'll‘J \r until llu‘x \\.|||l\‘tl "It:
pi) ilrt- llll' ltlllt'il States to |i\c lllltli'l

r.i[t|l.tll\llt llL'trtll\\' trl])ll.|ll\ltl l\ ir.rttri.rl

.tllll lt'.tl \ot r.r|i\rri I\ lllil\ .r tllt'rllll H

 

modest grasp of modern German
history should have been able to
guess they would. For one the
supposed euloglst of law and
order commanded a private
army at that very date the raison
d'etre of which was violence in
the streets, and which had itself
for a time been suppressed by the
Wetmar authorities on law-and-
order grounds. And for another.
Hitler would no more have called
the hated "November criminals"
of the Weimar government the
"Republic" than the Black
Panthers would call the Oakland
Police Department "the police."

In August, the liberal Catholic lay
periodical Commonweal. in an article. by
Professor Joachim Remak, also called
the quotation a fake. National Review
and other Conservative publications had
denounced the quotation as false two
years ago.

To celebrate the death of another New
Left lie. Fidelio now prumulgates a new
Hitler quote. What Hitler really said
about law and order in 1932 rs:

There is a right of self-defense,
which we National Socralists Will
not in the long run let ourserves
De cozzened out at by the stupid
slogans of "law and order." This
miserable middle-class chatter
Will not bring any of my dead
comrades to life, will not make
any cripples whole again, will not
help any of the injured. The
National Socttilist movement has
so far carried on its struggle [11
perfect legality, but the butchery
must stop now, or 1 will be forced
to order Party members to
defend themselves... [ Domarus.
Hitler: lteden and Proktama-
llonen, 1932-1945 Bd 1
s. 128. Author's trans)

Aaqefa Wins 

MllSt (1W (l'('NSl»-()ii tlic \t‘itllltl drry
o1 Irci \’I\ll lrcic |;r\t month.tlicbupiciiic
Sorrel prcscrncil Alltt'llcrtll (ommtriiisi
\rrpcln l).t\|\ viitli .r lllt‘tlrll \oiiiincinoiai
iin the llllllll.ll|ltl\t‘l\.ll\ ol l.r'iiiii

l);t\'t\ \\.r\ iiirotcil h} tlic Smtct ncin
.ipcrir) l.i\\ .|.\ myrirg. "lltls is tlrc gical

cst lltiltiil l li.i\c cvci liiiil H

 

“Now, ‘to promote the general wellrire.’ Does anyone preient

lorei cc how this iriiglit lie miiinterprcted in the future

on

 

'BUFFERlN: The maker says it helps

 

 

 

 

