   
  

   
  
  
   
 

    

  
  
  

 
 
   
 

    
  

    
   

  
  

anewwmamabcwx‘oow‘ radium—um»

‘37“)

c... ....

: mifJAHi/u em

     

2... g..~«:.~. ., . v ‘

   

 

 

I; News Briefs...News Briefs...l\lews Briefs...

I State

The Seasteb action suit the question to state
bald-tur- inee presidential approval of the pro

posed wheat is not required.

Tbe‘steshaveseven yesrsinwhich toact sndthe
amendment would become effective two years after
ratification by the 88th state - the minimum
number required to make it effective.

The National Women’s Political Caucus viewed the
pas-ge of the ERA as a major victory ‘

"The significance of women as a new and power-
ful political force is demonstrated by the overwhelm‘
ing margin of passage of the ERA" said Rep. Bella
Ablug, D-N_.Y., cochairwoman of the caucus. The
caucus'is uni-urging women in all states to maintain
the momentum by pressuring for ratification in
their state legislatures.

ALBANY, N.Y. - AP - Attorney William Kunstler
argued before New York State's highest court
Tuesday that s 1968 border search What constitu-
tional because it was provoked by the discovery of
anti-draft literature.

‘ The search resulted in the arrest of four college
students-on drug posse-ion charges,

Kunstler argued before the Court of Appeals that
the border march in Niagara County violated the
constitutional right of free speech.

The first judge to handle the case, Niagara County
Court Judge John V. Hogan agreed with the defense
contention, but the Appellate Division, Fourth
Department, reversed the decision.

Thefour“ J ,all-“‘ ‘attheF‘ ,
of Wisconsin, were arrested at the New York end of
the Lewiston-Queenston Bridge Aug. 18, 1968, after
a small amount of marijuana was found in their air.

Customs agents said at a preliminary hearing that
an initial, routine search turned up literature pub-
lished by the Wisconsin Draft Resistance Union.

The agents testified that this was the only reason
they conducted a second, more thorough inspec-
tion, which uncovered the drug.

National

CHICAGO - AP - Sen. Edmund S. Muskie captured
69 Illinois delegate votes for the Democratic presi-
dential nomination Wednesday as the last ballots
were counted in a contest that puts some momen-
tum back into his campaign for the White House.

The senator from Maine outdistanced Sen. George
McGovern, who wound up with 14 illinois dele
gates, after swamping Eugene J. McCarthy in a
separate presidential preference vote Tuesday.

Eighty-seven delegates to the Democratic National
Convention were elected uncommitted to any can-
didate. Almost all of the uncommitted delegates are
sure to follow the lead of Mayor Richard J. Daley of

Chicago.

WASHINGTON - AP - The Senate Wednesday
completed congressional approval of u constitu—
tional amendment giving women equal rights -
including the right to be drafted into the military
forces if Congress wishes.

' The lopsided, 84-8' vote was greeted by a high-
pitched We! whoop or two from women in the
'gallery ‘iailing a triumph at the end of four decades
of effoi' The House approved it last year 354 to

23. tion'

WASHINGTON - AP - The National Commission
on Marijuana and Drug Abuse today I
repeal of all jail terms and fines for private pol
smoking. but not for its cultivation or sale.

After a year's study, chartered by Congress, the
conservative panel unanimously proposed a national
policy of using “persuasion rather than prosecu-
' to discourage smoking of marijuana.

Boyd Douglas- FBI Star Witness

Haf'limfﬂ, Pa. (LNSl—A dev
femﬂ motion for a mistrial in the
Harrisburg conspiracy case has
been denied by Judge R. Dixon
Herman.

Defense attorney Paul O'Dwyer
made the motion during the
crow-examination of Boyd F.
Douglas, the paid FBI informer
who is the government's star wit-
ness.

The U.S. government’s case
against the Harrisburg Seven rests
essentially on a series of letters
and the testimony of one witness,
Boyd Douglas, FBI informer who
carried the letters between Phillip
Berrigan and Elizabeth McAlister.
Douglas carried the letters while
serving time with Berrigan in the
Lewisburg Federal Prison.

During the cross-examination
the defense has attempted to pick
apart Douglus' credibility by play-
ing on the fact that he is a witness
hired out of prison and is a
“pathological liar. "

The defense charged Herman
ith violating his essential “ap~
pearance of impartiality" by “per-
sistent interference" in the cross

examination and his “protective

attitude” toward Douglas.

Judge Herman has frequently
interjected comments and his own

" " and ' ‘ r ""‘“ that luu’

of Douglas testimony during the detend‘nta. l;-

cruclal defense cross-examination.

Several times his comments have

seemed to get Doughsl off the

hook at a sharp question.

Defense attorney O'Dwyer pro-
tested the seeming partislity of
Judge Herman. He then made a
motion 0' mm'lll. lutlnl. "1"" Douglas' record goes back to
witnw hu constantly been up- 1968 when he was is. He has
pains to the court. To permit - been arrested in the United sum
witness this liberty i. unheard of Mexico .nd 51,,“ no“, my coni
in iurlsprudsiics and hlghly pre- victed of larceny, forgery, [Inpcr-
indie” Ind I "09°01'11"! Ill for son-ting military officers and as-
a mistrial." ssult.

Herman immediater denied the
motion. When O'Dwyer persisted,
he pounded the gavel and
threatened to finp‘ him in con-

tempt of court.

Dougias' Past

During the defense cross-
exainination of Boyd Douglas, a
portrait of a young con man
turned informer emerged.

Douglas was a fellow convict
with Berrigan at the Lewisburg,
Pennsylvania federal prison in

Bucknell University on a study-
release program, he smuggled lei-
ters to and from the antiwar
priest. Eventually, he has testified.
he became involved with Berrigan
and his six co-defendants in a plot
to rind draft boards, bomb govern-
ment heating pipes and kidnap
Henry Kcssenger.

A general assault on Douglas'
character and credibility is a cen
tral part of the defense strategy. It
is an assault Douglas has resisted.
Sitting in the witness stand for 14
days, dapper but a little pudgy at
31, he steadfastly denied defense
charges that he lied in his crucial
testimony and that he acted as an
agent provocateur as well as an
informer.

Douglas' testimony was vague
except when he was describing
' ‘J ‘ J the
ew things definitely
happened. Most "possibly" had. A
frequent reply to defense ques-
tions was "I don't recall."

Record of Arrests

His first major arrest came in
1062 at the Acapulco Hilton,
where he was enjoying the fruits
of a year of passing bad checks

PAGE 4

1970. While attending nearby:

during which he gained (and

spent) more than $50,000.

A 1967 report on Douglas pre-
pared by the FBI concluded.
"Certainly he has many of the
attributes of a confidence man."
That report was written after
Douglas had violated parole in
1966 and gone on a four‘month
spree that netted him more than
$35,000.

While attending Bucknell, Doug‘
las admitted be spread a vast web
of lies about his personal life.

Shortly after meeting a coed
named Jane Hoover, he testified,
he proposed to her, telling her he
was dying of cancer and had only
six months to live. He also "pos-
sibly" told her, he admitted, that
he had attended Ohio State Uni-
versity on a football scholarship,
that he had been scarred on his
legs by wounds in the Vietnam

War and that he was in prison for
conspiring to bomb trucks carry~
ing napalm in California.
All were lies.

l

Douglas Charged With Extortion

The defense charges that Doug«
las began spying on Benigan as
part of a plan to "extort" money
from the Catholic antiwar move
ment. Douglas denied the charge
and the defense said it will sup:
port the charge with evidence
later.

Douglas' concern for money
however, is already well known.‘
The government last month re-
leased a letter Douglas wrote to
the FBI in 1970 in which he asks
for a “minimum reward of
8b0,000 (tax-free)" for gathering
ewdence in the Harrisburg case
Both Douglas and the government
deny he actually got the 850 000
but the government has concided

paying Douglas more than
$10,000 to cover expenses, wit-
Mas fees and "rewards" for other
information.

Sshaslsr Brewsnu
New York and Albany. N V. aalumois. Md , Lomgn Valley PA

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

But it dripped short of recommending Outright
legalization, expﬂlml' “I! 509' that marijuana is a
fad that will lose favor if Mphuised,

It said marijuana is far less dangerous than the
American public thinks It found little or no
evidence that marijuana can kill, cause addiction,
brain damage or birth defects, or lead to crime,
violence or necessarily to more powerful drugs,

International

BELFAST, Northern Ireland -AP- A bomb planted
in a parked car blasted Belfast‘s Europa Hotel,
wrecked the neighboring railroad station and injured
at least 70 persons, police reported.

Police said most of the injured were young EH15
and men on the hotel ’s kitchen staff.

All Belfast’s ambulances and fire services were
called into emergency action for the second nme
this week. On Monday a bomb wrecked a down.
town shopping street, killing six- persons and mm.
ing more than 140.

As the blast erupted, Prime Minister Brian Pauli;~
ner of Northern Ireland flew to London and opened
talks with Prime Minister Edward Heath on still-
secret proposals designed to de-escalai.e the Lum-
munal warfare.

There were fears that it may be too late in bring
peace between Northern Ireland's Roman Calhnllc
minority and the Protestant majority.

Faulkner was expected to return to Belfast tonight
and put the British package before his Cabinei
Thursday. The provisions of the plan ms) l’ii'
announced next week.

4.:

 

 

 

 

   

mummy
mmm

 

 

 

 

 

MARCH 24. 1972

‘

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

The ASP assigned reporter Sue
Rosenberg to do an article on the
linear accelerator located under-
ground between State Quad and
the podium. It took her a few
weeks but she ﬁnally got in the
following story. It could be her
last story, (00 v depending on how
you, the reader, respond to it.

by Sue Rosenberg

Due to campus center work
overload, it was requested that I
do this article. So i ventured into
the recent snow blizzard after
previous failures zit “making con—
tiict." Before i go on, let me clear
up the misconception that paral-
yzes the forces at the campus
center. The staircase between
state quad and the academic po-
dium is not, I repent, not, ll
subway station; so all you “under-
ground speed freaks" can stop
calling the oninipotent CC for
train schedules.

  
   
  

  
    

 

  
  
  
  

 
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
 
  
 
     
    
 
 
  
  
  

  
   
  
 

Friday, March 24...

    
    
   

 

   
    
    

Sunday, March 26...

Saturday. March 25...

Anyway the mystery of the
nuclear age (mystery?) pervaded
this escapade. Feeling pretty cool
going into "top secret" areas wav-
ing my ASP pen for prestige, I'd
open curious doors and to my
dismay find such exotic things as
a staircase or THE tunnel.

Deciding to fight the snow flur~
ries and venture down the out-
door staircasc leading to the linear
accelerator, l was confronted with
an lonesco situation. There were
two lines written on the door
which expressed my immediate
thoughts as if it were planned for
me to try that door. “let me in”
(a propos) and "Sue was here."

Finding a vacuum of physics
people. I followed n man wearing
ii clandestine "mobil" outfit...
perhaps he'd lead me to the
"machine." But this did not work.
Reaching into the reserves of my
adrenal glands I decided to do
what all rcknown reporters would
do to suuvcly cover n conventional

“PUTNEY”
SWOPE

The Truth and Soul Movie

Nuclear Accelerator Revealed

failure...thst celebrated technique
of BS - the random opinion poll.

‘ Don't tell Rockefeller - but most

of SUNYAI according to my large
sampling of four homo sapiens,
does not know that the linesr
accelerator is alive and well...and
kicking! and boy does it kick! It
sends atomic particles through
sample materials and properly I'm
not too clear on the exact reason
for this but it seems that photo-
graphic plates are used that photo-
graph the paths of the materials
bombarded so as to understand
some of their characteristics. (i.e.
gold samples are used).

The best way, montesouri-ish, is
to channel your inquititive drives
and check out the linear accelera-
tor yourself. The fact that I'm
making you aware of our mini-
B rookhaven-national-
liiboratory-atSUNYA is enough to
help commerce in this area pre-
viously populated by electrons
and mad scientists(?) only. So
liiymcn of physics - infiltrate their
ranks!

  
   
 

   
 

1, 9, ll "mm

 

   
 
  
  

1. 9, ll panic-1

  
 
   
   

7:30, 10 panic-1

  

  
  
   
   
     
   
  

  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
    
 
  
  
   
 
 
 

 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
     
   
   

telephone if

off-campus.

Organization.

changes).

A bill that

Justice. "

 

Telephone Company: Pay or Else

The telephone company is cracking down on students, again.
Their latest stomp-on-students policy calls for shutting off your

the bill isn't paid within five days. You can bet,

though, that the five day limit isn't observed too closely

Student Workers Meet Again

Fle sludcnl workers met in the People's (Fireside) Lounge
Wednesdin and discussed their tentative constitution. The
constitution is a first step toward building an FSA Workers

Any workers interested in joining the new

organization will be able to sign up at their quads in coming days.
Copies of the proposed constitution will be available for workers
to look iii and comment upon (the constitution is still open for

Fewer Student Jobs this Summer?

FSA may not be hiring too many students this summer. Two
quads will probably shut down entirely in the coming summer,
with their full-time staffs shifted to the Campus Center food
operations as well as to the two open quads. Thus, some of the
full-time staff may work jobs normally held by students.

SUNY Security Under Local Police?

would prohibit the use of public buildings by

subversive groups is currently awaiting action by the Senate.

The measure, sponsored by Bronx Republican Senator John
Culandra, states: “No building of a municipal corporation, school,
school district,
by funds from the state of New York shall be used by any
organization listed as subversive by the House International
Security Committee or...by the United States Department of

village or university supported in whole or in part

Another measure, currently in the Assembly Education Commit-
tee, would place SUNY policemen under the “control and
supervision of the police department" where the university is
located. The bill would also strike out a prior provision allowing
the SUNY Trustees to remove or appoint security officers. The
measure is sponsored by Assemblyman Francis Griffin (D-Erie).

 

 

 

  
 
 
  

Kiel Hess to speak in Albany

The Albany Coalition is presenting Karl Hess;i
former campaign head and number 1
speech writer for Goldwater’s presidential
campaign, who is now organizing under
extreme right/far left politics.

Friday, March 24 at 8 pm in the

 

SUNYA Campus Center Assembly Hall

   
 
     
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
    
     
  
 
   
  
   
      
 

   
      
     
   

  
   
     
 
   
  
  

 
 
     

  
  
  
 
  

   
   

    
  
  
 

 
 
  
      
   
   
   
  
 

  
   
  
   
    
 

    
  
 
  
  
 

     
  

   

 
 
 
 

 

 
   
    
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
  

.. A..-x.~..._. .

   
    
 
  
 

 

 

  

 

MARCH 24, 1972

‘. 'imuo’ m;- ' *  'mzi mama-r

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

w- w -r. “my. ... V » ~..-. . at .... a»...

a .. - ......-.... . w a...» .

PAGE 5

  
 

-. . aw .

 
 

      
  

