      

 

   
    
 
  
     
     
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
     
 

 

Symphony Plays-A Little

by Andy Palley

I am honestly at a loss to explain the circum-
stances surrounding the Minnesota Orchestra cori-
cert on Saturday. They were in Albany at the right
time i think hill just failed to show up in the PAC
by the scheduled starting time, trot). They warr-
dered on stage, one by one, until, finally, at twenty
after one, they were ready to play. Conductor
Trautwein strtrtted to the podium. turned to the
audience, and shocked them with the fact that they
were running otrt of time, and had to cut one piece
from the short, ninety-minute program. After delib-
eration with Chairman (lottsclralk, they tlecidcd to
eliminate the Oberon overture by Weber. The
audience groaried (many had spent the off~camptts
price of $3 to see this fine orchestra. the finest lo
be found in Albany irr rirarry years), btii accepted
the announcement as one of the facts of life.

The program began with the l’irebnd suite by
Stravinsky. I don‘t really have to comment on the
playing of the orchestra. Doing that would make as
much sense as going to the (‘levelaird Orchestra and
stating that the strings Were lotrsy, the Woodwinds
didn‘t use the right techniques. and so forth. I don't
know about you, btrt l don‘t feel that I'm at the
stage of my career where i can afford to rirake
comments like that. i can say what i [Inn/r was
wrong, btrt that rs all (the Albarry Symphony is a
different story we have a lreattlry disrespect for
each other. Not really. btrt I feel that ifl can play in
an organization. i am qualrficd enough to call them
names if I feel like rl.).

At any rate. they played the liircbrrd beatrtitirlly.
The second piece on the program was the llinde»
nirtlr Syn/phonic rttciunrorpliosr’s, This totally gassy
piece is seldom heard (when people want to play
llindeniith, they usually pick the Mathis Der
Maler it's more conventional). The brasses were
wonderftrl, thouin they were just a hit sluggish rrt
times; their sound was bright and uumuflled
something that is rarely found in today's orchestras,
even when it is absoltttely necessary. And the
strings! The Minnesota strings are as fine as any
orchestra in the country at least they sounded that
way on Saturday.

The last piece on the “show” was to he the
Debussy La Mer, but again (‘onduetor 'l'rautwcrrr
made the unfortunate announcerrreril that the or
chestra was runningout of time. and therefore they
would only play the last two movements of [.11 Mar.
This is even ruore heretical than leavrng out a piece
etitirely, btrl there seerried to be no choice the
Minnesota Orchestra had to catch a tram to New
York. They had no choice, but it is still a shame
that many of the audience had to be de-
privcd of even more music.

La Mer was beautiful, but the enthusiastic sting of
a perfect concert was gone, even it the music was
played well. it is a shame. l'd like to be able to say
that something should be done, but what crrrr be
done? it is over, gone, ﬁnished, and one can only
hope that, when the Minnesota Orchestra corrres
brick to SUNYA, they will do an extra large
program to make tip for sortie lost tiure.

by Bill Brine

Min Aretha Franklin, truly the
Queen of Soul, climaxed the
Black Weekend Concert down at
the Gym with what was without a
doubt the only really good perfor-
mance we've aeen there since Phl-
ronh Sanders capped Black Week-
end laat year. For once the sound

. eyetem wee ﬁrst-rate; All-Audio

Systems of Boston did as good a
job with that hall's “garbage-can

acoustics" (their description) on
can be done and a packed houee
cut down the echoes to a tolerable
level.

The Kingpins, Aretha’a backing
band, opened the program with
some truly ﬁne soul-jazz- full
horns, very energetic drumming
and a standout percussionist. A
lot of the edge of excitement that
they brought the crowd to was
lost, however when a nightclub-y
act that tried to sound like the
Temptations (but didn't) followed
and took up a good half-hour.

And then - Aretha! There isn't
really much a critic can write
about the lady: her performances
practically deﬁne an art form, and
if you haven’t already heard her,
at least on record or over the
radio, you must be deaf. Her
singing creates a magic that defies
analysis - it simply is.

The spirit of the concert itself,
though, was a bit strange. ’I‘Ire
build-up for Aretha'a appearance
was so melodramatic, and her first
number hit with such a rush, that
whenever she chose to slow the
tempo and reduce the volume she
seemed to lose a large part of the
audience. Aretha the event bu rncd
so brightly that Arctiia the singer
wound up jettisoning the softer
material to give the audience the
straight-ahead blasts of soul that
the program seemed to call for.
She had to ~ but she did it so well
that it didn't really matter. She
can - imd she did ~ blast with the
best, her voice swooping, ﬂutter-
ing, and wailing out. My personal
favorite of the songs she sang was
her version of the Broadway show
ttinc, "I Gotta Be Me.” Most show
tunes ring inherently false, but
Aretha infused this one with so
much pure energy that she tri-
umphed completely. Which, come
to think of it, is what we've come
to expect from Lady Soul.

Speakers

On Wednesday. April I‘tth two
speakers will be present in the
Campus Center Ballroom. At 7:30
pni. Rtissell Mcatts head of the
Arrrericari Indian Moverricnt aird
(‘hief of the ()galala Sioux Indian

 

 
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
  

 
  
   
    
    
   
     
       
     
    
      
      
     

“Riders”

  
  

Great of Si eno

by Bill Brina

Union College brought the New
Riders of the Purple Sage to Proc-
tor's Theatre last Friday night in
what turned out to be a very
enjoyable show. The opening act,
Tranquility, a very English band
(in the mold of the early Small
Faces or the Kinks), were enjoy-
able at ﬁrst. They did manage to
overstay their welcome, though,
and cries of “Bring on the New
Riders" were becoming frequent
as they departed.

When the New Riders came, the
nearly packed house greeted them
with a roar of delight. And they
were ﬁne. Marmadukc's vocals
were better than ever; he’s be-
coming a very distinctive singer.
He’s already a distinctive writer -
every piece he’s written is a song:
colorful melodies and expressive
lyrics. And the New Riders work
perfectly with his material.
They're incredibly tight. Drum-
mer Spencer Dryden was rock-
stcady and bassist Dave Torbert
kept the bottom sturdy tight.
Lead guitarist Davc Nelson didn't
appear to be doing much until
you listened closely; his careful
playing rind crisp, sharp leads were
actually the body of the music.

neck bobbing and hair flying, was
the icing on the cake - sparkling
soloa up front and sweet, whining
ﬁlla behind Marmaduke‘a singing.

Bassist Torbert proved a surpris-
ingly good singer on two vintage
rockers - a rendition of Ray
Charles' I Don 'l Need No Doctor
that really smoked, and a pound-
ing, charging Willie & The Hand
Jive that left the audience dancing
in the aisles. Marmaduke sang a
great oldie himself; Billy Joe
Royal's Down in the Boondocks.

Flying high on their music were
the New Riders themselves; their
warmth and friendliness. coupled
with their obvious enjoyment of
their own show, summoned up a
healthy dose of those special “live
Dead" Vibes. After nearly two
hours of playing they were still
rocking on strong when midnight
struck and the theater manager
tumed into a pumpkin, forcing
them into an abrupt finale. De-
spite that (which the Union Col-
legc people assure me won't hap-
pen again; they’d rented the thea-
ter “for the day" and didn‘t real-
ize the management would be
quite so literal about. it. Next time
round they'll be covered), it was a
lovely evening.

 

tribe wrll speak. He is being spon-
sored by the Albany Coalition.

lmniedrately followrng Russell
Means, Florynce Kennedy will
speak under the sponsorhipoftlre
SUNYA Women's Liberation
Group. liloryrice Kennedy rs well
known as a crvrl rights lawyer and
as an activtst and spokeswoman in
both the Women's Liberation
Moverrierit, and the Black libera-
tion Movement. She rs Director of
Media Workshop and also of (‘on-
sumer information servrce tll New
York City. Site recently founded
the l-‘L-‘MlNlS'f l’ARTY
nationally. to support Shirley
Chisholm for President, and to
focus on issues irirportaut to
women. Her latest book, ABOR-
TION RAP, is already a classic in
the field of abortion repeal.

Pedal steel player Buddy Cage,
.35.. .

 

 

 

PAGE 16

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Vol. LIX No. 24

1'

State University of New York at Albany

B NY
é-ruéem
PRESS

Friday, April 21, 1972

National Strike Set Today;
Albany, SUN Y Students Mobier

Guard Called to Md. Campus

 

Policeman and sheriff's deputies (foreground) keep demonstrators away from the Wisconsin state capitol
in Madison, Wednesday, as they demand to see the governor. Students were later allowed to meet With the
governor, but the meeting was cut short when their demands were not met. (AP Wirephotol

 

Riot-equipped. state trooper: move along u.s. Route 1 as they break up a atudent demonstration at the
University at Maryland early Thursday. (AP Wirephoto)

BULLETIN.....

National Guardsmen moved on to the University of Maryland
campus at 9:20 last night and began arresting students who refused
orders to disperse and return to their dormitories. There was no
violence and the guardsmen did not use tear gas to disperse the
crowds. A National Guard helicopter lit the area with a ﬂood-light as
the arrests were made. A spokesman for the campus radio station was
unable to give an estimate of the exact number of students arrested,
but described the number as "more than a van load." The spokesman
indicated that more arrests were likely as groups of students refused
orders to leave the campus mall and obey a mandated curfew. It was
the fourth successive night of demonstrations on the campus.
"Guardsmen are still making the rounds and ordering people to get
inside," the spokesman reported as the ASP went to press late last
night.

By the ASSOtTlA’t‘l‘ID PRESS _

National Guardsmen took control of the Univer-
sity of Maryland campus 'l'ltursdriy, after llit‘l’t‘
t'ohsccutivr- nights of violent student protest against.
the renewed bombing of North Vietnam.

After one false start in which ll busload of
guardsmen had to be recalled from the campus
grounds, Gov. Marvin Mandel declared a state of
emergency and ordered the soldiers onto the cum-
pus in force.

"I'm fed tip with this violence and destruction of
public and private property, and I fully intend to
see that it ends," Mandel said earlier, blaming “a
handful" of the university's 35,000 students for the
disorders.

The campus hrrd been reported fairly quiet in the
hours before the guard took ovur. A noon antiwar
rally failed to materialize, anti students strolled to
and from classes in muggy Bil-degree temperatures.

Under Mirntlol's emergency decree, ti 9 p.m.
curl't-w was imposed on the campus proper and
adjacent. arr-us. The guard was ordered to litnit
access to the campus to persons with official
business, thtrs providing for “11' arrest and detention
of anyone not having a legitimate reason for being
there.

In New York (‘ity, antiwar activists defied a court
order and liltrclu'tl t‘llll'illlCl' to eight buildings on llll'
(Tolumbia Univr-rsity campus. Four other classroom
buildings remained open.

Antioch College students took part in an attempt
to block two of the five gates into Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base at it‘airhorn, Ohio. More than 125
demonstrators were arrested.

'l'litI protest. tlr-lnyetl many workers on route to
their jobs at the air base. ’I‘raffic was (liVerted to
three unimpeded gates. Estimates of the number of
demonstrators ran as high as 600. The (tennmtnrn
Lion had been scheduled during an Antioch campus
rally ’I\its(lay.

in Amherst, Mass., to University of Massachusetts
students held a sit-in at the ROTC building. They
were identified as members of the Vietnam Veterans
Against the War and the Women's Caucus.

Oberlin, Ohio, college president Robert W. Fuller
headed a group of 50 students and faculty on route
to Washington with 1,800 antiwar letters for presen-
tation to Rep. Charles Moahnr. R-Ohio.

full details are on page: to. It, and II

 
 

 

  

    

 

 

 

 

