l
l
i
l
l
I .
l

 

. ,,.
.‘s. .,. 

 

   

 

 

 

,I will’ my it  an? nor'v'y that the Albany
Symphony let me down. I gueu they had less at
fault than myself, for i went to the Palace Theater
Saturday night expecting as fine, if not finer, a
performance than the last one. Actually, the concert
was in: barely pa-able. it all seemed underre-
hearaad-aimoat unprepared! it probably, well'tdil
as it is probably a coincidence that the entire wind
section had a very bad evening.

The first half of the program was light years ahead
of the second, in both playing quality and inspira-
tion. The first piece was the Vivaldi piccolo con-
certo, with Holly Steakhouse as soloist. Her tone
was impeccably and the wonderful sound carried
Well up into the balcony. Unfortunately, she played
the part a little too freely, and Vivaldi sounded
much like Poulenc. Seriously, the use of a discreetly
concealed metronome would have added to the
quality of the performance (much as the “electric
oboe" stationed under the flutist's seat helps tune
the strings-about as unprofessional a practice asl
can remember!). in addition, the cellos and basses
dragged terribly in both the first and last move-
ments, with the inevitable result of a loss of tension
and excitment. Too bad—it's a nice piece of music,
 Conductor Hegyi deserves a pat on the back for
selecting it.

The second selection was a set of songs by Richard
Strauss, sung by Rita Shane. This was the only
really bright spot on the program. Miss Shane sang
as well as l have heard anyone sing since i heard Sills
in New York a few months ago. She is a professional
who sings like one—controlled, emotional, en~
thralling singing! The orchestral blend was per
fection. Every detail was audible and the soloist was
never smothered by Strauss' rich score. There was
only one “lowlight:" In the second and third songs,
the winds went awfully out of tune, probably the
result of overcompensation for the balance. They
lost pressure in the instruments, and went ﬂat all
over the place, Not only that, but the oboe, of all
instruments was flat almo t ll night! Other than

   

 Work  '

that. the Strau- songs deserve a great deal of praise.

On to- the Beethovenr'l'he'yl'clioseto play the
Psatoralev (6th) Symphony. The, overall concept of
the piece was good-Hegyi conducted less emo-
tionally than others, and this, i think, is to his
credit. The strings followed very well, for a change,
and played with a lush, full sound. Again, the winds
had other ideas. I have in my notes that the oboe
was still flat, and the really ragged playing that the
rest of the winds, save the high trumpets and
trombones, perpetrayed on the audience was almost
dismeful (the lady I was with was on the verge of
hysterical laughter, but managed to restrain herself).
Toward the end of the third movement (when the
musical thunderstorm approaches), everything
seemed to tighten up. People played together and in
tune. Unfortunately when the storm ended, so did
the cohesion. The first born just couldn't hit the
high notes cleanly, and, although the oboist played
his part in the right place and in tune, he seemed
afraid of something. God only knows what. Better
luck with his 4th Piano Concerto on the 22nd of
April—by the way, don’t miss this one. Eugene
lstomin, one of the better pianists alive today, will
be the soloist, and a packed house will add to the
excitement.

The finale to the program was La Valse, a satirical
and very cute piece by Maurice Ravel. The weird
effects in the orchestration came through nicely at
first, but the orchestra seemed tired and played
30-50. The piece never seemed rock-solid and steady,
and the loud noises in the percussion were un-
convincing—they came across like two tons of pomp
and little if no substance. I have, honestly, never
heard a recording of this piece, though I've heard a
few live performances, and have a general idea of
what I am supposed to hear. Well, I heard it-but it
just wasn't all there. The last concert (Schumann,
Mozart, and Webern) was far better, and l'm looking
forward to that kind of perfection when lstomin
comes to town. It had better be there; l'm pretty
sure it will be. However, to attain status as a great
orchestra, youcan'tbut 50-50!

SWOPE"

The Truth and Soul Movie

Friday. March 24...

Saturday, March 25...

1, 9,11 pm...ic-i

1, 9. 11 pm...ic-i

7:30, 10 panic-7

admission-ti

 

y

  

notchberg

A Pint of Pinter

By Michael Lippman

Gus and Ben have reason to worry about the world they live in. The
newspaper confronts them with acts of senseless violence. The beds
they have slept in haven't had the sheets changed. The home team is
playing away. Their boss hasn ‘t yet told them what they are supposed
to do. Even their language is falling apart, and they argue about the
correctness of their cliches-does one “light the kettle" or “put on the
kettle"? They arelhe perfect victims, and yet it is a not-unexpected
surprise when Gus removes a gun from beneath his pillow and the two
are revealed as hired killers, men who, unable to control their own
lives, can at least determine the ends of others.

The Experimental Theater Production of one of Harold l’intcr's
earliest plays explores the situation of men slipping away from their
own existence. They belong to an organization so efficient that it has
clean-up crows for its disposer] victims, yet Gus' and Ben‘s hllmun
failings are its weakest points. They have lost their major job
qualification, uninvochmcnt, and have begun to wonder about the
people they murder. The routine job they are on becomes ii nightmare
us the dumbwriitcr in their room begins to place orders for food that
they can't l‘ill. "Bean sprouts? I wouldn't know where to begin!" Gus
wonders, yet they luch their orders and are trainer! to comply. They
send up everything they how, but what they have is stiilc, sour or
moldy, and the orders continue. Faced with demands they can't begin
to meet, Gus rebels. “We have nothing left! Do you understand?" he

clls into the speaking tube

and Ben, the

more disciplined.

unquestioning onc, slaps him to the ground. Momcnlnrily purged, the
two return to their earlier activities-Ben rcrcnds his paper llllfl Gus
rigiiin attacks his Sili)l‘li||.‘l.'s. Yet [he plin is deceptively not cuncludmh
-therc is still that final, nuclear (in this production) blackout scene,
the frozen tableau of lien, gun in hand, levelled at Gus.

gunman.

,.
I

F_____

But the acting and directing (not to rncnlion the material) rnisc 'I‘lir'
DilllllNlmllCr far abrch the uvorugc Experimental ’l‘hciitcr production.
Director Peter Berlin has his characters emphasize the triviiilily of
their acts to the point that they are lost when faced with anything
important. They tic their shoes or make ii bed with fervent devotion,
yel losc hold of their lives. The uctors have the dual problem of
interpreting l’intcr and doing so with the proper accent of an English

le'lt’ RIDERS ()I"
1'! ’ R PI. [1' SA GE

irl l’umri ('ri/li-gr' on April It]
For Inlo, call 346-8686

I
l
l
l
I
I
J

Gordon Kupperstein as lien does a good job with his

role, though he tended to be too
drumntic, substituting volume ior
tone. In contrast, Pctcr Coughlin
as Gus did ii fine job of under-
playing his role, approaching his
lines with the touch of not quite
boredom underscored by the l’lllfc
of ii questioning attitudi- li)“"|l'(l
his silliid ion.

-----------

 

14 Kt. GOLD OVERLAY
Fundanl $8.50 Earrings tlfi Brooch “£50

Perennial
Roses

l

l

l

l’cnilnni, lliliilill .inil .

earrings qulllhlli‘l) .

(milcrl In an overlay .
iii l‘l Kl gold.

lroni our sclcilion o! .

llIlL' qualin Jewelry 0

l

l

l

l

\

is W
Tina"

67 STATE ST.

(Car. James Slil
Stale Bani Ildg.)

 

----------------

 

PAGE 18

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 21, W72

 

 

 

 

JOSE LIMON has been called “one of the Giants
of the Modern Dance" - “A Colossus.“ lie and his
company have taken their dances lo London - Berlin
- Warsaw - Brussels - Amsterdam - Bclglzidc - Lisbon
- Mexico City - Rio dc Janciru - iiucnos Aircx A Liniii
- Quito - Bogota - Caracas — Kuzilii-lurnpur -
Singapore - l-Iong Kong - Miillllil - 'l‘iiipci -Scou| -
Tokyo and many other fur-off ClllL'S, sciil there in
cultural ambassadors by llic SliilL‘ Dcpiiriincni ol'
the United States in 1054. NW, Writ) illltl WM.
They have toured llicir ironic L'Uliilli} cvcry inII for
llic lilSl l8 yClll's. coining L'lllliil :icclriirii :ind rcrog
niiion in New York ('Hy. N\'\\’ York .im] in
liuyclicvillc. Arkansas. 'l'licn Ail I\ one ol llll‘ \‘illL‘Cx
of our lime and spcuks Willi lliL‘ powri oi grciil
theatre.

in llil.’ SUNYA MAIN 'lllliA’l RI: l II.. Mill'll Nib

:11 8:00 PM. $.75 \V/sllldJux, .‘S | .50 \riilionl, *.,i_()()
general public. Tickets on sale at the box Ulllu‘ Mm.
20-24lh, l-4 |’.M.

 

 

 

Fight for Sight Charity Basketball Game

FRIDAY, MARCH 24 AT 8:15 PM
IN THEHWSHNYA. GYM

PROCEEDS GO TO FIGHT BLINDNESS

Harlem laugh-ins vs. Albany State Faculty/Staff

Albany Sioie, led by Prof. Fred Cohen, who was a sior oi Temple and still holds
NCAA record 0L36 rebounds in 0 single gramen- _M__*,Ah ._  _
T _—_W other profs s—lgﬂ

lson Cohen-Pohwseip R01 SPWI‘M'd'PMi sci Dennis min AM” AN” Tr?u'°m°n- mp
Bob Cormack. Anthropology Coach tum. pi." [d I Dennis Jackson- Residence '
nick minnow Amhropohgy Bob Dietrich-A llesrdence Dave Jenlu- Alumni Affairs

Tickets on sale Mon.-Fri. l l-2 in the CC Lobby 8 at the door

CANDLES are on sale $.75-$l.50...saine time and place...sarne cause
Daffodils will be sold Thurs. I. fri. March 23 8. 24...:aine cease

 

Mandatory meeting for any-
one inlerested in going on the
Field trip sponsored by the
ltaL-Amer. Student Alliance
and the ltalian Club. 'l‘hurl.
3/23 "U 290 at 8:l5 p.m.

 

 

 

 

PERSONALIZED
BUMPER STICKERS

EXAMPLES

 

DON'T LITTER EAT YOUR BEER CANS

 

 

JOHN DOE FOR PRESIDENT

 

 

Tell the world what you‘ve ai-
wnys wanted to say. from th-.|
bumper of your car.

Compose your own Sticker with
your slogan for only $2.00
Send to:

BUMPER STICKERS
Drawer Bl)

 

Anthony: N. M. 38.21

 

 

 

 

 

 

RESS
MARCH 21, 1972 ALBANY STUDENT P

PAGE 19

 

.. ; s o. so..-

