PAGE 16

by Carole Gaelick

Four plus two (don‘t ask what it
stands for) is more like a big home
with lots of kids than a typical
Albany State dormitory. Anyway,
it is what a dorm should be like
and whether this is because of the
physical layout, the individuals
involved tthe attitude of one par-
ticipating in a dorm coordinated
for the special purpose of getting
along with others), the very con-
cerned R.A.’s who have been in-
volved in seeing that the dorm
gets off to a strong start in its first
year or the naturalness of a coed
dorm would be hard to say. But in
its second semester four plus two
has gotten itself together and
looks like it’s picking up speed.

Social Activity

At first, residents will tell you,
people were slow in coming out
and becoming involved in dorm
life. Now, however, people are
enthusiastic and there is much
sharing of activities. This may lie
in the form of a (ihll‘tust' cooking
class, arts and crafts, a people's
feast, or someone possessing ii

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
Indian Quad '

Social Success

guitar outside on a cold, snowy
night after a fire drill.

A coordinating committee meet-
ing once a week consists of a
representative from each floor of
the two balls. Here, various con-
cerns of the dorm, ideas of the
programming committee, and
news of happenings on the quad
and outside the quad are discussed
and acted upon. Each month a
different floor is in charge of
programming and in the past this
committee has scheduled films,
invited speakers—including Presi-
dent Benezet and Professor Gold-
man—and set up a first aid class.

At the beginning of the year
meetings were held with the two
hundred people in the dorm but it
was found that not much could be
accomplished that way and so
they switched over to the repre-
sentatiVe system.

A regular feature of the dorm is
the coffee house which is held
every week-night with ii different
person in charge each night. This
tends to break up the evening for
those who are studying and brings
people liiget her.

 

 

R, iv f'fhui‘
experiment.

of Bob Brody, the dorm’s current
director, and Mike Freeman, last
year‘s director. Brody was “frus-
trated with the living situation on
campus" which seemed more like
life in a New York City apartment
house. He says he “was not sure
the University should be in the
dorm business" because “it is too
structured and people tend to
change their life styles to modify
the buildings."

What he did was to ask housing
to let him run the dorm the way
he wished. This included having
no people assigned to live there by
housing so it could he set aside as

  

skill and wanting to share it with
others. Often the activities are
spontaneous: a beer piirly being
planned in three (lays, the idea of
a classical music concert coming

up at a gathering of friends, or a into extstence

group of kids singing and playing

First Birthday cizetl, special

year ago as a
resilt of the insight and planning

a special dorm. Then it was publi-
interest meetings
were held, and of the four hun-
'l'lie idea of four plus two cann- dred people who applied, two
hundred Were drawn by lottery to
be residents. l“()tlr plus two was

 

Better social life within a dorm is the result of an Indian Quad

...chow

put together with the idea of
getting people who cared into a
close communal living situation.

“Sense of Community“

People living here seem happy
and healthy and this is the healthi-
ness which results from living com-
fortably in a warm piece with
others you feel free to be yourself
with. The sense of community is
strong and this feeling exists with-
in ii group where each person is
unique and different.

Next year Brody and the lt,/\.‘s
Will be leaving but they've no
worry for the coiitiiiuaiiCe of the
dorm. Already tWenly residents
have applied for the position of
R.A and these were students who
have seen the dorm off to a good
start.

McGovern Needs Wisconsin Primary Victory

By Carl P. Leubsdorf
AP Political Writer

In a fashionable living room here in New Hamp-
shire's largest city, Sen. George S. McGovern was
speaking to some 100 liberal Democrats, while a
mobile twirled lazily above his right ear.

“I know it isn't going to be easy to score a
McGovern landslide in New Hampshire," he said.
“On the other hand, it wasn't easy for a liberal
Democriit like George McGovern to win election to
the Congress in Republican South Dakota 15 years
ago.

“I won by hard work," the South Dakota senator
added. “l won by telling the truth, and 1 won by
taking positions that I stuck with, even when it was
unpopular, and l won the respect of the people in
my state."

ll was the lil‘yeiir-old McGovern at his best,
talking earnestly but low-keyed to a small audience
committed to his liberal point of View. His words
drew repeated applause.

Less than 10 hours later, McGoVerii was shaking
hands outside the General Electric (lo. plant in
industrial Somersworth. As the workers hurried
through a steady snowfall to report for the 7 a.m.
shift, the senator liarer liiid lime to gIVe his name,
let alone state his quest for the Dciiioi-ratii‘ presi-
deiitial nomination. Recognition was scant.

“Who ls If!"
“You‘re out early," one woman said as she scurried
past. 'l'hen, turning to a cluster of I‘t'littt‘lt'rs, she
asked, "Who is it""

Warmly receiVed by those who know and share ll|\
long opposition to the Vietnam war, (ii-orgi-
Mt-(lovvrn remains relatively unknown to many
voters, despite his unprecedented declaration ot
candidacy a full year before the l‘.l7‘.£ primary
campaign.

Few politicians give him ii chance to Will, lllll
McGovern insists that his chances are "pretty
good."

lll‘ contends that Hens. Edmund H. Muskie iil
Maine and lluhert ll lliiinplirey of Minnesota Will
iii-utriiliri- each other. and that he can defeat the
survivor in the California and New York primaries in
-ll|llI'. As McGovern sees it, the question is can lie
sustain his own candidacy until then.

lii New lliiiiipshirc's March 7 primary, McGovern
hopes to ovurcomc the heavily favored Muskie by
personal contact, which often means drivtng an hour
in shaki- lt) hands.
in Florida a week later, he hopes to finish in the

 

McGovern needs the intellectuals who flocked to McCarthy in ‘oii

middle of the pack, .llltl .iliead of New York Mayor
John \'. Lindsay. “i would be Very surprised if I
dulii‘i do as \"i‘il as John Lindsay Ill Florida,"
l\li~(loi. .o iolil :I reporter, recogiii/iiig the iiiiiyoi us
.i threat to his support iii the party's reforiii wing.

Wisconsin - k'rni‘ial lest

lint llll' I‘I'llt‘l.|l test for Mi‘fiiivi'rii will t‘tilllt‘ on
April l lll \l'isi'onsiii, the first pl'iiiiary iii his native
Midwest The senator concedes ll -\ssessiiiu lll.\
campaign .i~. his car apt-d across frozen New |l.iiiip
sliti‘i- one night, Mellow-m siiid, "l lllllllt Wi' t'lllli‘l'
li.i\c lll \viii \Msciiiisiii in i'oiiii- preln t‘liiat' to H to
sustain our raiiipiiign."

What he hopes to do is eiiiiiliiiii- support Ill i'iiriil
Wisconsin, where his main rival is lluiiiphri-y, .iiiil iii
the liberal iiiiii'i-rslty ("mum of Madison, iivi-r
l.iiidsiiv and Muskie, io ot'l'si-t Musk ii-'.-. lead lll
populous Milwaukee

Strong sliownigs in these three primaries should, in
Mctioiein's view. siiIVi- lllh niosl persistent prohleni‘

the lack of voter recognition which he sees as the
main reason for his low ranking in public-opinion
polls.

McGovern hoped his head start in campaigning
would lift him into ii clear fourth place, behind
Muskie, Humphrey and non-candidate Edward M.
Kennedy but early l9'72 polls still show him taking
only 6 or 7 per cent of the national Democratic
vote.

On other fronts, McGovern's pre-1972 efforts have
been more productive.

While he hiis few backers among party regulars, his
work to reform delegate selection procedures for
the 1972 Democratic nominating convention has
resulted in strong support from the party's reform
wing - those who backed the bite Sen, Robert 1“.
Kennedy and former Sen. Eugene J. McCarthy in
1968.

“llcst Organization"

Financially, McGovern has raised $l.2 million biil
says he has spent more of it then he hoped. He also
has put together what is generally conceded to be
the best organization iii both New Hampshire and
Wisconsin.

After internal difficulties, his national organiza
tion has settled down llll(lt'l' the leadership of Frank
MiiiikieWict, press secretary to ltoln-i'l Kennedy and
an aide in Mctiovern's liriel’ llltih presidential llltl,
and (iary “art, a', lit )‘t'i|l"l)l(l lh-iirm' lawyer .lt'll\'l'
in the lfllih Kennedy i‘aiiipaign.

Nonetheless, neither money iioi' org.iiii/.itioii has
succeeded so lilf in solving Mefioverii‘s niosl lll'i‘s
sing prolileiii convincing voters that lll' is .i serious
candidate
liiiou what the piihlieopiiiioii polls say."
Melloverii Mllll that night “I l'Iilivard |"|i-isher's
Manchester liviiig I‘llttlll, the l.ltli stop of .i llap
[It'ill'illll'l‘ llvl). “lint il' llll' polls had been right in
litti'i, tit-oige ltoiiiiit-y would now lie in his third
man in the \\'liite llouse "

In New Hampshire, he added, the liltih’ pi'i-pi'i
llt.ll'\' polls g.i\i- l‘liipeiie Mt't‘arlhy only ill percent.
(hi t'lt'l'llllll din _ lie wound up With it! lll‘l' (‘t'lll .|llll

.i iii.i|iirit\ ol lllt' deli-gates.

hlcfiiii'erii has tried to avoid .i spei‘itn' prediction.
lint tlllt' night, tired lroiii .i long day of t‘illll|lllll:lllllt:,
he told a ll'li‘\ isioii interviewer,"we'll do lit-tier" Ili.ili
{\lt-l‘ai'lhi.

'l'liiil t'illlM'tl consternation among his iii.iii.igi-is
‘l'liey Would he happy to finish a close second to
Miisltii- illltl Well ahead of Mayor Siiiii Yorly of l,os
Angeli-s, whose hacking by the conservative Man
elii-sier liiiniiiln-iider is considered a guarantee ol a
tit) pei t't'lll stiownig.

 

 

Vol. LlX No.9

4

State University of New York of Albany

  
 

 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

Friday, February 18, 1972

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

J tudents G

Tuition Hike Imminent

by Vicki Zeldin
Capitol Correspondent

SUNY tuition will rise to $650 for freshmen and
sophomores and $850 for juniors and seniors next year
according to reliable sources at the capitol.

No official announcement on the bike can be expected
from SUNY Central office until the Board of Trustees meets
next week, but confirmation of these figures appears
imminent.

The increase reflects the dire straits that the university
system has found itself in this year. The Governor has
recommended a $471 million budget for the university and
has offered the system $408 million of that figure. It is up
to SUNY to come up with the additional $63 million, and
the increase in tuition along with a probable hike in other
student fees including room rents — probably a hike of
$100 — and admissions fees — probably from $5 to $15 —
appears to be SUNY’s solution.

SUNY was slated for a $150 tuition hike in September
1973 which was to follow the $150 hike experienced this
year. Currently SUNY tuition is $550 for all undergraduate
students from New York.

The differentiated costs between upper and lower class-
men was given support by SUNY Chancellor Ernest L.
Boyer earlier this year. He contends that a higher charge for
upper elassmen reflects the increased cost of their educa-
tion.

At a Tuesday press conference, Governor Nelson A.
Rockefeller could not be pinned down as to whether the
above tuition figures were correct and he stated, “I am not
in a position to recommend a tuition hike..." The Governor
did indicate that the state would have to increase scholar
incentive payments to meet a tuition hike. Calling the
incentive payments an "aid to those at the bottom," he
stressed that aid formulas must be based upon the ability of
the student to pay.

The Governor also said that the SEEK and EOP programs
'"must be continued and increased as funds will allow." Any
increase in the scholar incentive program or further liberali-
zation of existing loan programs would have to be the result
of legislative action.

While tuition is used only to pay SUNY construction
bonds, funds collected the first year tuition is raised can be
used for operating expenses. It has been estimated that a
$50 increase in tuition would generate some $7 million for
the SUNY system.

ear for Tuition Fight

     
       
       
       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
        

-See Page Four
and Editorial

man

 

 

