 

 

 

 

o

» .   mail?-

 leiSe   Gel

by Ed Dandy

Can students actually effect changes in the admini-
stration and organization of SUNYA?

“Students don't realize how much power they
have," says Rick Leise, chairman of Central Council.
But Leise is well aware of the power he and other
members of the Council have in determining how
the half-million dollars collected annually in student
tax will be allocated.

For those of you who aren‘t too sure what
students and faculty members elected to Central
Council are doing, 'ASI' spoke to the Chairman
about its reponsibilities.

“Central Council, as the chief legislative branch,
has complete control of the student tax says Leise.
its main function is dealing with the distribution
and administration of some half-million dollars we
collect. We decide who gets it, how much, and how
it is to be used and that's our primary purpose."
The council also makes position statements on
important campus problems and policies. It can
either issue position statements for itself as Central
Council or as the voice of the student body on such
things as tuition, tenure of faculty members and
other important campus topics.

Leise pointed out that our student government is
analogous to the national government with the
possible exception that Central Council is most
powerful—having the right to over-rule a Presidential
veto by a majoirty vote. “in fact, the Council may
over-rule any decision the President makes," Leise
said. "I don‘t think anyone, even council members
themselves, realizes how much power they really
have."

One of the major difficulties that Leise has
encountered as chairman is trying to get the other
members of Central Council to realize the import-
ance of their work. He feels that many of the
council members put their own personal interests
ahead of their constituents and therefore are not
fairly representing them. Leise claims that many of
the council members are letting their unemotions
and interests effect their vote. However, this does
not apply to the faculty members of the Council
who frequently abstain from voting on issues
directly effecting the student body. “They're the
most sobering inﬂuence on Central Council," says
Rick. "I, as chairman. do not know what I would
have done without them." Leise feels that the
faculty members are an essential part of the Council
and canse the student members to consider all
aspects of an issue.

Some of the major problems on campus that
Central Council is trying to resolve are crime and
parking. Last November Leise, Robert Cole and
iames Williams of Security travelled to SUNY
Buffalo to see how their student security patrol
operated. They spent an entire day asking questions
and observing the work of the security patrol. "We
came back and gave a report to Mike [Lampert] and
we were very much in favor of it." That's really the
only way to handle it. Otherwise we'll have armed
police walking around campus and the student body
will never go for that," said Leise.

As for the parking problem, last year as a council

3" photos by garv deutsch

| Aware of Power

member, Leise introduced a bill to allow students to
park in the same areas as faculty and staff. Leise
feels that the only reason faculty members are
allowed to park closer to the podium than the
students is that it is one of the last remaining
vestiges of authority for the faculty. There has been
given no adequate reason why the faculty needs to
park closer than students as far as Leise is con-
cerned. These who are incapacitated or have diffi-
culty walking could easily be granted appeals and
given assigned spots right next to the podium.

in regard to the parking lot at Colonial Quad.
Leise was dismayed with the fact that its surface is
as “cratered as the moon’s." He has tried for the
past two years to have that lot paved but always
with the same results. "They tell me that there are
no funds to pave the lot," says Leise. “How come
they can build a brand new lot right next to Dutch
Quad?"

Leise would like to at least sec commuter students
allowed to park up front with faculty and staff if it
becomes impossible to allow all students and faculty
equal privileges. Commuters would have the same
reasons for wanting to park closer to the podium as
faculty and therefore. there would be no excuse for
keeping them in the back with resident students,

Another problem facing Central Council and the
Inivcrsity in general is student apathy. Many stu-
:lents complain about life at SUNYA but few are
willing to take part in student government and
effect the needed changes to make the university a
better place. “i may be one of the few students who
really like it hre," says Leise.

Leise is definitely not a typically apathetic
SUNYA student. Besides being Chairman of Central
Council, he is a member of the University Senate, a
member of the Student Affairs council of the
Senate, on the board of Directors of F.S.A., Social
Chairman of his fraternity (Sigma Tau Beta) and
was a Summer Planning Conference Assistant.

While he was a member of the Board of Diretors
of the F.S.A. Leise proposed a resolution to make
all students members of F.S.A. thus allowing them
to examine the books and attend board meetings at
anytime. He foals that the best way to involve more
students in university life is to better acquaint them
with the powers at their disposal which will aid
them in bringing about the changes they want.
"Changes can be made, but it's tough." says Leise.
And he ought to know!

 

 

 “mit- ’

Vol. LIX No. 19

WWWWHW:

Art Students Stage
’Drcw Out’ for Funds

by Robert Dechard

About 75 art students staged a
"draw out" on the second floor of
the administration building Friday
morning to protest alleged
funding discrimination against the
fine arts department.

The students, members of a
campus organization called the
“Art Council" demanded to meet
with President Benezct about the
art department's lack of funding.
When they were told that Benezct
was out of town, the group dc-
cidcd to meet with l. Moyer Huns-
berger, Dean of the College of
Arts and Sciences. The “draw
out" lasted for several hours,
during which students sat in fron
of Beneact's office with their
sketch pads and pencils., Ac-
cording to a student spokesman,
the demonstration was intended
as a “show of solidarity" among
art students.

Among the student demands
are:

—Morc teachers and courses.

—-Morc student assistantships for
safety and availability of space
after classroom hours.

—l.ivc models for drawing,
painting and sculpting classes.

—lmprovcmcnts in the physical
plant, including safely vcntilalion
in graphics.

--An Increase in working spacc,
as the gallcry, they claim, oc-
cupies a full third of the fine arts
building.

The students claim that their
department has not been funded
on the same level as have the
other disciplines. They cite figures
alleging that the Art Department
receives only one fifth the funding
received by the various Science
departments. in addition, they
point out that the sciences receive
99% of all research grants.

"We have had to charge lab fees

v for every class" explains graduate

student Corncila McShcehy, one
of the organizers of the protest.
McShcehy stated that "the bio-
logy ocpartmcnt has boats and
jeeps and the Art Department
can‘t even buy a can of kerosene
until April 1." She also charged
that when equipment breaks
down, “there is no money to have
it fixed."

The demonstration was precipir
tated by a recent administrative
order that art students pay all of
the fees for live modem One of
the students' main objections has
been that they have to purchase
all of their own supplies which,
they claim, is extremely expensive
and limits creativity.

The protest was also intended us
an effort to assert the importance
of the arts in the University. One
student spokesman described the
prevalent mood towards tlIc arts
on this campus as “anti-intellec-
tual." in most of the European
countries, he pointcd out, the
state subsidich art schools,
museums, and orchestras. Art

. as.

To

ABANY 'i
STUDENT
PRESS

esday, March 28, 1972

About 75 art students staged a “draw out" at the administration building Friday to protest alleged
funding discrimination against the fine arts department. The protest was also intended as an effort to assert
the importance of arts in the University.

Gerber Charges lampert

'l-‘ails to Communicate’

should have a “higher priority" llt‘
added.

The rcsnlts oi" the art studcntn'
meetings with administrators is
not known at this time.

'l‘hc hard-prcsscd administration
has only rcccntly cxpcricnccd a
sit-in by l’uerto Rican students dc-
manding an cnlirc ncw l’uerio
ltican studlcs dcparlmcnl, as well
as strong actions by olhcr groups
demanding morc funds. ii is not
known all this lll'llL‘ whether the
demands of the Art Council will
be granted.

Karl Hen, former campaign head and number one speech writer for Barry Goldwater morrls
told a gathering of students in the Campus Center Assembly Hall Friday night that,
"There are many similarities between Communist literature and the writings of various
right wing libertarians today." Hess who used to be what he terms a "Thoreau type
Conservative " changed his political outlook and now describes himself as a "radical

leftist."

Hess finds "alot in common“ between the “pure conservatives" as he calls them, and
the radicals. Both groups, he explained, stress anarchic tendencies.

Among his other remarks, Hats made some observations about the future of American
labor unions. He claims that there will be "more rank and file activism" among unionists,
and he cites the recent strike at Chevrolet's Lordstown plant as an example of this. He
suggests that the workers at Lnrdstown "ware striking for social rattler than ucomonic

 

Central Councilman Slcvc
Gcrbcr ycstcrday blanch thc
apathy of Albany Siaic students
on lhc “poor leadership ul the
top' zuid what hc tcrIIch a “lack
of iriilinlivc"on thc part of
Michle Lanipcrl, Sludcnl Assnci‘
ution l’rcsidcnl.

r

Gerber, prcscntly considcrcd as
a top contender for Lampcrl's
post in ncxt month‘s Hindi-III
Assm'intion clcctions had nu-
merous other criticisms to make
about how the student govcrn-
mcnl is run. In Echoing the com-
plaints of many other observers of
Albany's Student Association. he
charged that "Lampcrt doesn't
communicate with the students"
and that “thc students have be-
conic accustomed lo this commu-
nications gap." “’l‘his is the rev
sull" he claims, “when a small
group of students Innkc lhc dcci-
siuns without lclliIIg anyone else."

Hc l'ccls that Lampcrl should
issuc prcss releases and mcct \vilh
fellow students more oft cn, rather
than “shunt off" thI-sc responsi-
bilities to various coordinators
and lesser student govcrnmcnt
officials.

Student Tax

Central Council recently passed
a bill providing for a referendum
on whether the mandatory student
tax should be made voluntary.
Students will be able to vote on
the proposition during the student
association elections next month.

Addressing himself In the tax
issue, Gcrbcr stated that, "There

has been a phobia that the student
governmcnt would collapse with-
out. the mandatory tax. This is not
necessarily true." Furthermore. he
tools that Central Council has be-
(‘tlnH‘ "complacent" under the
mandatory system, and that the
ubolilion of thc present lax sys-
tem would necessitate more "hard
work and initiative". The hard
work would include making esti—
mations of budgets, and compon-
sating for lost funds due to non--
paymcnt of a voluntary tux.

llc fccis that most students
Would pay the tax if it were made
voluntary. and cites the experi-
ence al Berkcly in which lhc
mandatory system was abolished
and 80% of thc sludcnts con-
linucd to pay.

We Have Power

(icrbcr also discussed lhc issue
«If studcnl pnwcr. He feels lhal
Albany Statc students "have more
powcr than lhcy rc; izc” but that
thc Student Association hcrc has
nnl lnlu'n llIc initiatch in fIglIlIng
l'ur sludcnts' rights. (.‘omnu'nls
(icrhcr In this regard: "'l‘hc Ad-
ministration docs not have to
worry about placating the studcnl
body." He dOcs admit, however,
that “Lampcrt definitely speaks In
favor of the students" but that he
"has not taken the forefront." in
asserting the students' interests.

“No one doubts that Lmnpcrt
has done an enormous amount of
work - but little of this has bccn
in the direct interest of the stu-
(lI-Iiis.” As an example, Gcrbcr
cilcs thc recent bust on Indian
Quad. "Why," he asks, “didn't
Lampcrt talk to Williams
(Director of Security) and do
something?"

 

reasons", and ho was this as an encouraging trand.

'  ‘ -- 

 

 

 

 

 

 

