by Glenn von Nostitz

This is the story of environmental studies at
Albany State. It is a story that spans two years, and
deals with committees that tried and failed, faculty
members who could not relate to students, and
students who were determined to impose their own
priorities on the Environmental Studies Steering
Committee.

It was in December of 1970i that the University
President appointed the Steering Committee com-
posed of both students and faculty, and named
Eugene McLaren, a Chemistry Professor, to chair
the group. Its purpose was ostensibly to develop
curriculum and goals for the environmental studies
program here. Immediately after its formation the
committee was beset with major problems.

Disagreement Among Members
The biggest problem faced by the committee was a
strong divergence of opinion between those who felt
that the faculty and the administration should be
responsible for setting up a strictly structured
program in environmental studies, and those who
felt that it should be the students' responsibility to
set up a structure more to their own liking. With
few exceptions a conflict grew along faculty/student
lines, with the faulty adhering to the philosophy of

Dean Robert Morris whose philosophy is best

summarized by a recent quote on S/U grading:

"Responsibility should be returned to those most

qualified by ‘he virtue of education. experience, and

maturity - the faculty."»

This perspective was shared by the future Commit-
tee Chairman, Stanley Blount, Chairman of the
Geography Department, and with many of thc
department heads who were involvud with lilt'
program.

The students on the Steering Committee Wcrc
clearly of the opinion that they, tliiimsclws, should
haVe control oVer environmental studies hcrc, deter-
mining what should be taught and how this instruc-
tion would take place. The students wanted to
answer the questions of course requirement and
student evaluation, and they were supported in this
desirc by a report to the President‘s Environmental
Quality Council, which stressed that studcnts should
have the strongest voicc in any educational pro»
grams funded by the federal government.

in addition to the internal struggles, there were
numerous external problems, chief among them
being the recunt administrativc changcs- changes
made for the most part after the committee was
formed. Stivcral Dctins were new to the school, and
Vice—President for Academic Affairs, Phillip Sirot
kin, had just taken office. in addition. the post of
Dean of the College of Arts and Scicnccs rcmiiincd
vacant for over a year.

Most important was the resignation iif Earl Drocss-
ler, Vice-President for Research, in June of l‘.)7l
Research funds were intended to play a large role in
the environmental studies program, and the resigna-
tion of Drocsler meant that the funding of thc
program would be set back considerably. As a result
of all these personnel swttchcs, no one really knew
what was going on with environmental studies at
any given time.

This problem of funding was later to bccomc the
committee's most formidable tibslaclc ()ni- mcmlicr
of the committee complained about the University's
method of funding various programs, commenting
that, “The Uiichrsity has hccn undi'r thc dcliision
that it can always dcpcnd on outsidc funding for
important programs. As lhcy usually find out, they
never gct thc outsitlc funds "

According to anotlicr coininittci- llit'lllllt‘l', II was,
ui this casc, “quite obvnius that only $55 million

 

 

lli‘M
iiiii. [In-4H1“ ham
lullt In 1..
am: | l
"i. ‘i i
It i»
ii
'i. mini “it” I,
’i. . ii
i.‘i.i»i i i........ ,,
l-Ilol ..i....ih..,i .i .., :1“ “1'
ltr l'li'll!!il.t‘ .-i.ii. ,i,,;i..i- . .i.-i .-ii,i naiii,
lll\‘rl4‘
“a: “aiiiig -,i,- run.

The two above nictnorandums were written by Earl G. l)roesslcr,
former Vicc~Prcsideut for Research licrc. 'l‘hey indicate the impor-
tailcc placed on outside funding by the administration. and their
belief tliiil such funding is readily available. In the memorandum on
the left Drocssler was referring to six projects which Were funded by
the National Science Foundation under its Research Applied to
National Needs (RANN) program.

ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS

Let’ Clear the Air on [\illRONMENTAL STUDIES

 

FRIDAY, Fatigue! 4. 1972

 

 

 

 

a .
sﬂniptlli ' "' '."‘.‘l" ’ l7} Executive Branch
S'Jll'llltliiti iii a.“ iiii. ii \i'li», iiiiiiI-auuiiii iii.- Iziiiiiii min; .i. \..n.,. q pinata... mi | 'Jiii

six in mi.»

i- i l' rv ‘* ~ i
r...
on ‘ it 'i ii ‘

"li‘t‘ v- I

i/ ’ /

lhilv l’ -
lli iii . i i .

Tiiiin itiw- i i  i.i l.;“'1' M ii.  im- m

llii‘ '

i. i v'll iiif‘ i i ,- .ii-ma ii.-
incl at .i i .i . m.» ii
mm. i-rr- .i‘ t. imi- that"! oi: the
Elt'ltiltil i. .vi imp-.1 i t.

7. him two inl «F iii" _
(ll‘j’iiill ~ v -i of uni/imi-
lit‘lilJl ‘illi ti
and i...“ i. in »
in m m .. ->

i will i u w igi- i rm. i.‘.-. t! w. vtiill ll) cinruiis

'.lil1i - iiiiL‘ fiti‘t' Lti Fiai'it’! In.

mt. i

(‘K ' VI ‘1 . Y
in.» z

The above memo. written by Mike Lanipert. SA President, reveals
his opinion of Paul Bulger as “a responsiv‘ and pleasant man to work
with". The memo also shows the concern that was developing among
many students about the lack of action in environmental studies.
What resulted from Lanipert‘s meeting with Benezet and Sirotkiii is
unknown.

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 

   

 

 
 

 

   

Upon appointing the new committee. he comment-
ed that, “it will be a C(lmlnillt't‘ comptqu of
adversaries and advo 'ates.“

Predictably enough, this second ('tlllimlltec coj.
lapsed by July 15th, in much thi- samt- fushiont as
the first. The immediate reasons for its failure were
essentially twofold: is met for oiin l\\‘ti hours a
week, during which time it was impowliti- 1.. rWave
the major differences confronting ilic fllt‘llllH‘I‘S, and
both sides did not clearly verhalize what lllt' divisive
Issues Wtfllf.

The most critical factor coniriliiiiinLi iii the
committee's break-up, however, was llll‘ method in
which the few meetings were t'tltltlltl'lt'tl \l'ht-nevt‘r
students tried to bring tip tlic \ill)|l't'i at how the
environmental studies program \\'tll|l(l lii- \tmcturcd
- and who would control it - they complained of
being sidetracked by the chairman and his "allies."
According to inside sourccs, “program structure was
an issue that was not to he discussed."

One student reportedly became so iipsi-i ;.i one of
the committee meetings that sit“ liroki' down crying
and had to leave the room. Shc lziii-r dropped out of
school, and holds the Committcc partially responsi-
ble.

At this time, Dr. Schacfcr was chairman of the
Steering Committee, but he was always out of town
and consequently never attenle the meetings.
Stanley Blount, according to tillt' siuili-ni. "assumed
control" in his absence, and hc was liiii-r.ippointed
committee chairman. Blount‘s [)HlHlliltli) among
student members was qucsiionahh- however
(see memo) and he came under lilt‘rl‘rlaiiig attack
from the students, because, in tillt' sllltil‘lll s words:
“of his dictatorial methods " After his experience
on the Steering Committee, another \llllll'tll coni-
mented that, “Being appoinlcd to .i conuniiiee, any
committee, means nothing. Sillflt'llls on .i coin-
mittee, and especially this one, .lrt' to lll' wen and

 

 

 

was available for environmental studies for all the
UnIVersities in the country" and that "our chances
of receiving any sort of funding were near zero."
This 355 million would be provtded through the
National Science Foundation. under its Research
Applicr‘ to National Needs t RANN) program.

Ont' additional problem faced by the Steering
('onimittec was mothiZing lhc cntiri University
t'oiniiiunity i task which I\ difficult undcr cvcn the
best of unzimsian m At this limc, of course, the
but of ('ltt‘lll‘tislrillt‘t‘.‘ hardly prevailed.

First Major Effort Failed

The committee's first major effort was an attempt
to receive fundi ig for the Five Rivers Project. This
project involved the study of five local rivers, the
Mohawk, upper Hudson, Hoosik, Sacandaga, and
the Schoharie, and it was expected that the funding
would come through a federal grant. The project
was designed and the grant proposal written by
Vincent Schacfer, Prof ssor iif Atmospheric Sci-
ence, and was characterized by him as “a starting
point" for the Steering (‘ominitlcc Schaefer cau~
titincd, howcvcr, that “tinlcss wc rcccivc outside
funds. I doubt if wc can dcvelop thc program that
we think is possiblc " Thus it camc as lllt‘ Slccritig
t‘ommittcc's first major sctliack when the projct't
tailcd to rcci-ch funding from Washington.

According to onc comniiltcc mcinlicr, thc pro:
posiil was turncd down “hccausc it wasn't advanci'd
enough" and that too many studies of tlic [’ch
Rivcrs nnltirc had already liccn donc 'l‘liis saint-
commilti-c mcnibcr adds, liochcr. llial it was fi-ll
liy thc Univcrsity that llii- li‘ivv llivcrs Pl'tijt't‘l would
be funded "just because it hurt Si-hai-l'iir's nami'
on it," Scht-iifi-r living a world lamotis atmospheric
scientist

Differences Were “Papcrcd ()ver“

llii- grciit divergence in i-iiiiinii‘li-i- opinion (iVI'l'
ll I A ,
hi, I '.n program should llt' structured was

nt‘t'iir
tltiig tti siiiiii‘ Milirt‘t'ﬁ. "jiiipi-rt-(I

‘ I over” in llll’
committees llt'.\l report to President licncu-t on
March lfi, ltl7l The report si-cnicd an alti-mpt lo
plcasi,I hoth sidcs in thc dispute, but the end rcsiilt
pleased no onc There was too lllllt‘ll iictirlcmii'
lrccilom to satisfy Morris .iiid lilounl, litit ion lllllt'
to satisfy thc committee's studi-nts After llll‘ report
was stilimillcd. lhc commitlcc collapsed and the
report "sank " Up until this litiic lhi- ciitiri-

‘ environ
mental studii-s i-tfort .‘Ii't'

tni-d a fiasco, nothing of
ionscqucncc had been accomplished

New Commit tee Formed

Vicc l’rcsidi-nl Sirotkin appointcd a lll'W commit-
lcc to deal anew with liil' subject Allhougli it was
the great (lIVcrgt-iicc of opinion that "killed" tlic
first committee, Sirutkin created ii new committee
whose compositior’ differed little from the old

not heard." This, the students ft‘ll “an the philo-
sophy of Blount and Dcan ltiilivrt .\ii|fl’l\ another
committee member. Under pft'xallrt', ltlount re-
signed as chairman on August l.‘l. lllTl lli'ficitilly,
he resigned “for reasons of health ”

Titus, the problem confronting the administration
was to find a new chairman, \tlllll'tillt' iiiia could
bridge the gap and begin to iii.il<i- \iitlii' urogrcss
toward the cstalilishmcnt of I'll\ll'tllllllt'|ll.il studies.
Dr. Paul Bulgcr, Professor of l-liliu-.iiioii.ii admin
istration (Higher Education) Was ,ippiiiiited by
President Bcnezct on August 27th, .iiid lllh develo-
pment was greeted with optimism by most members
of the committee. in a memo to oni- oi' the student
committee members Mikc [.tiliipcrl, SA President,
commented that Bulgcr is “a responsive and
pleasant person to work with.' lliiigcr was also
known as a man “who can get lil.\ w.i_i " At one
time he was President of State lllllt‘t‘l'slH l‘nllcge at
Buffalo, and according to onc \Ulll't'l' he "ran that
school with an iron hand and a full gliiii- '

Bulger was faced wtth monumental proliIi-iiis upon

his appointment as chairman The long battles of
the previous year hiid cri-atcd llillt‘ll ill Will and left
deep scars. It was up to liiilgi-r to .mcss the
situation and dccidc the proper t‘illlf‘it' He first
talked with all the conimiltc inciiilwrs lti'hflllillly,
and then proceeded to tlfﬂillllll' a “wiirliiiig com-
mittcc" which consisted cssciitially oi liiitucr, Mel-
Vin Urol'sky. Dirt-clor iif the t)fl'ii-c ot Innovative
and Experimental Education. limits lint-n Profus-
Mir of thc popular l'InViroiinii-nial human, and
students William Bonn and Pill Mark flu-w pcopli-
wcrc Willing to cooperate and Illt' group nas small
enough and and frequently enough in ltt'illll llillkilig
substantial progress

Ultimatcly, a llllllllll'r oi ])<i.\|ll\l' lilt'l\ttillS wcrc
madc in [)cccmlicr of lti’Zl It was ilm-iili-d llllll two

iicw cotirscs would lie ol'l'i-ii-d in .Hpiini:  1972,
“Scientific Aspects of l-Invtroiinii-ni.il l'iiiolcms,"
and "Social and Political Aspects oi l-fiiiiiunincnlal
Prolilcms," li'or ri-asons Vi‘l uiic\pl.iiiii-il only the
latter course was ol'fcri-(l tliis \i'lll|‘\l|'l liui H was so

poorly ptililiciu-d that only ftilll stiidi-izix .incd up
for it, and it was subsequently l‘dllt'l'lll'li \i liiNllllg

to one of llicsi- siiitli'iits, no .Illlliilllll't‘lllt'll‘ Hf any
kind worc madi- .ihoiit thc i'iiiiiw iiiitil |1|'l»ll’illll)ll
‘lill’ III the (iym liitcrcstingly i-tioiigli -i-H»I‘ claim
that l’rcsidcnt “cite/mt .itid Siroiliiii \\t'|l‘ under the
iinpr  on, until the Ah'l‘ t'l|\'ll‘lillllil‘lll.i| \llltlll‘s

 

editorial last chk, that the two lll'\\ i-oiiia-s Wl'rl‘
being offered, which, according to on. iiiiiccrnied
\illdl‘lll, "illustralcd llll’ gri-at contusion and lack of
conimunii'alion i-Xisting lll'lWl‘l‘ll ihi- .iiliiiiiii~.triitioii
until the ctiininiltci- "
I’rogrcss Sccii

It si-cnis considcruhlc progress is lilii-l\ no“ Ilint the
l'lltliiiiillt'il liar. lii'cii i'i~iirgniiil.cd illu' I" ll‘" l’fl'ﬁl‘til
l’mli-t‘ts is .i serum of four woilisliops, woiih three
iiciidciiiic credits, and which lllt‘illlll' lllI' "l'Iuviron-
mi-iitiil lmpiici Study Group," lllt' “tint-ivy and
SUCWY Study Group," the "Legislatch Study
G’UUP.” and the “(‘ouncil of lilt' l“tititrt' Study
Group.“ At this time the committee is working
toward having these workshops HPWWP‘I by the

administration.

ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS

   

 

Furthermore, on Tuesday of last Week a grant
proposal was submitted to the US Office of
Education, and the Steering Committee is prcscntly
in such an optimistic mood that they arc cvcn
discussing a second-field clcctiVes scqucncc and an
eventual independent major in environmental stu-
dies. The prospects for such a major, however, seem
very dim at this time.

Central Problem Recognized

Certain committee members have now ctiinc to
realize that definite action will have to be taken
soon; they know that to procrastinate “11y “ml-{W
will only further damage the committee's credibility
as an effectch body. The immediate goal is to
procure administrative approval of the four environ-
mental workshops and two new introductory cour-
ses by March lst. This would allow them to be
published in next years catalog, and would enable
students to sign up for them during prc-rcgistriition
in March.

In retrospect, the lack of action has led to serious
questions being asked about thtl Steering Commit-

 

To this date, it is an open secret that a great deal

good can be developed.
The above memorandum was written by one of the committee members to Dr. Paul Bulger after he was
appointed chairman of the Steering Committee, briefing him on some of the happenings in the committee over
the past few years. It contains an expression of the writer‘s realization that the Environmental Studies program
as not making progress as fast as it should have been, and it also shows his hope that Bulger will be able to do
a better job with the committee than the previous chairmen.

withstanding the dedicated efforts of many individuals.

of time has passed, considerable energies expended, and a great deal
of confusion and ill—will endangered in the various and sundry attempts

to put together an anironmental Studies program on this campus, not-

It is my hope

that your appoinfment as Coordinator of Environmental Studies signals

the arrival of a new phase in this history--one in which much substantive

 

tee, and about the University‘s practice of relying
on outside funding for programs of such a critical
nature. But, the collapse of thc first two committees
has not been a total loss. The present comniittt-c
now knows what the problems and shortcomings of
these first groups were and hopes to learn from lhcir
many mistakes.

The struggle has been a long mic, and thc results
often minimal, but perhaps, we can finally expect to
see new environmental courses listed in next year's
undergraduate biillctin

 

:i use. at t i 
ui ii , , , i

on...- .o
w .i. . i v. .
«i ti.. ..i /.
nimble ‘o bola... i.‘... .- '. , . . a
program that,“ '. .... ..

 

.‘tar'cn 23 . L‘J'I'.

Shown above is the first page of the Five Rivers Project grant
proposal, which was developed and written by Vinccnl Schacfer,
Professor of Atmospheric Science here. This was “the starting point"
for the Environmental Studies Steering Committee. representing their
first major effort. Unfortunately, the proposal failed to rcccivc
funding from Washington, ()nc committee member commented that,
“Everyone thought it would pass just because Schacfcr‘s name was on
it," Scliacfer being a world famous scientist.

 

An interesting sidelight to the
story of the environmental studies
is the case of Dr. Richard Brown
of the Physics Department. Brown
was very interested in environ-
mental studies, and he organized a
new course, AS 300, which dealt
with the “Environment and the
Disciplines." Students enrolled in
the cottrsc report that it was
"cxccllcnt."

thn he came up for [entire
rcvicw in the Spring of liltiil,
however, the Physics Department
decided that they would not be
able to give Brown ti-nurc bccausr
he was teaching a course that he
was not originally intended to
tcacli; he was supposed to bc
coordinating thci Nuclear Accclcni
tor laboratory. Brown‘s lack of
political support among fcllovr
faculty mcmbcrs did not aid his
efforts to receive tenure.

In Spring of [97] Brown's ap
pointment in Physics expired. Stu
dents and certain faculty members
hoped to keep him on campus to
serve both as coordinator for en
vironmcntal studies, and as the
person who would "deal with the
students." Unfortunately, no
money was available for this, so he
was placed on the staff rather
than the faculty and was funded
with research funds rather than
regular academic funds.

Brown‘s research grant expired
in December of 197], and
Vinccnt Schiicfcr of the Atmo
spheric Scit-nccs llcscarch Ccntci
attempted to salvage what was Icft
of the program Brown was working

 

on.

Today Brown is taking a “self-
awarded" sabbatical, he is presently
editing various papers presented at
the Energy Conference held here
several months ago, and he is
scheduled to leave soon fu. study
in Brazil.

Onc question which has been
brought up about Dr. Brown is
why he was never considered for
appointment as chairman of the
Environmental Studies Steering
Commitlcc. He seems to be popu-
lar among students and several

people involved with the commnv
tee feel that “he could have pulled
the committee together." Further
more, Brown had a deep and
sincere interest in environmental
studies. Instead, they feel he is
being sent off to Brazil whure ht
will have essentially no contact
with students. Dr. Paul Bulger will
be leaving the Steering Committee
in June of this year, and several
students have expressed an opin
ion that Richard Brown would
make a good chairman, ingeled.

 

 

 

 

 

   

Vtioll i .i >,
I i,

 

 

  

iiii~ii . ll . a. :ii
U1 iii t‘l‘l lll'll ILI -l will
pmnir. i-Iiii'i iii-w i-ri-ii .iiiviiiii-i-ii ‘l’li'
I'liili i Iiiii  vii I M
.mii. - iv . ,  i.
A , i i it

  
 

l
Iii lu iiiir iii iii: i-ii,,,,.l

 
   

sort-Ile iii

'l,l‘. ‘t

 

ii.

Shown above are two paragraphs taken from a memorandum written
by Edward chshaw, Professor of Economics. to President Benezet
and other participants in Dr. Richard Brown’s “Environment and the

 

R
\t ' v.
m. ‘ chm

W7 llQ I’m/137m}

 

nJ_ ZPn.

SWQW.

t

as»

abo’llr ’BB
 , was

,

 

MS .l__

  

wot.

Disciplines“ program.

In the top paragraph Renshaw ex-

presses doubts about the entire
environmental studies effort, and
in this particular memorandum
seems to represent the more skep-
tical members of the Steering
Committee who questioned the
students‘ great enthusiasm. Reti-
sliaw seems to feel that some
departments would not be willing
to "turn over" some of their more
advanced courses to an “ill de-
fined" interdisciplinary environ-
mental studies program which was
being proposed by several com-
mittee members at the time.

In the second paragraph, Reti-

R+S how-L

 
  
 

Cf“ W  \ “reinventing the wheel". This was
I

shaw expresses concern that stu-
dents taking environmental stu-
dies courses may waste their time

a common objection raised by

‘Q was

In the ahovc iiicmoriiiiduiii one of the student committee members expressed to Mike Lainpcrt, Student Association Prestdcnl, his
impression of Dr Paul liiilger the newly appointed chairman of the Environmental Studies Steering Committee. He also rcVeulcd his
displeasure with Stanley Blount, who, according iii another student, resigned “because students were fed up With his dictatorial

Lolﬂyjf (Ii/M Gmﬁf

many of the committee members.

m..---_---‘
On February 14th the full Envo-

oninentul Studies Steering Com-
mittee will meet for the ﬁrst time

 

methods."

 

since August of but year.

 

      
  
      
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
    
  
     
  
   
   
      
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
    
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
   
    
   
 
  
   
    
  
  
     
     
     
  
  
 

 

 
        
         
      
        
     
        
      
   
   
   
           
       
 
 
  

   

