 

 

 

  
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

PAGE 14

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1972

 

  

Poul

Kaniner/ Grace Slick

SUNFIGHTEB

W3»

by Bill Brina

The magical San Francisco band onCC known as
Jefferson Airplane is dead; dead in the sense that
the fragile balance of individual musical directions
that comprised the band's essence has broken apart
and seems unlikely to be resurrected. Whether the
musicians involved will continue to use the name or
whether they will formalize the split is really
irrelevantmtlie Beatles ceased to be a band long
before their ltl’ctlli'ltp was formalized ’l‘hc collapse
of Jefferson Airplane, although it. did produce one
markedly inferior album (liar/r), one monument to
the artistic ego (l‘aul Kantncr's overblown [flours
.Aigainsl llic Empire), and one horrendous tour (last
Fall) seems less damaging to the artists and to their
music than the Beatles' (and others) break was.
Marty Balin is off doing nice things with Grootna,
ex-drummer Spencer Dryden is sitting in with the
New Riders of the Purple Sage (where he seems
more at home than he was with the Airplane) and
Jorma Kaukoncn and Jack Casady have churned out
two fine albums and haVc toured extensively as Hot
Tuna (discovering harpist Will S 'arlctt and violinist
Papa John Creach among others along the way).
Now Grace Slick and Paul Kantner have produced a
violent, distinctly original, and stunning album:
Sunﬂghtcr. In the process, they seem to have forged
a creative entity that promises to producrI a volum-
inous output of quality material in the years to
come.

That entity, Slick Kantner, is a loose collection of
talented San Francisco musicians (including most of
the Airplane crew, past and present, except Marty)
that revolves around Grace and Paul in the same
way some of these same people (and others) revolve
around Jack and Jorma in Hot Tuna; plus some
renowned outriders, including the ubiquitous Jerry
Garcia. The arrangement that structures this aggre~
gution is difficult to define but fairly plain to
see—the musicians with Grace and Patti are more
than sidemenv engineer Phil Sawyer conceived and
produced “Titanic”, a collage of special effects, in
its entirety, and Jack Traylor wrote, played guitar
on, and sang the lead vocal for “Earth Mother."
Yet, Sun/ighlcr is clearly a Slick Kantner' trip. As a
new kind of arrangement for creative arti. ‘, the
success of this venture on record is cncoura ging I
only hope that this success can be duplicated on
tour,

Grace, with the force of her personality, her
singular view of the world around her, her mum
table vocal style, and what I can only call her "lead
grand piano", playing dominates the album. The
lady once explained that she deriVed her singing
style from the improwsations of various electric lead
guitarists she heard. lli-r keyboard stylc seems
derived from the same source firmly grounded,
oddly syncopated, and quite distinctch Sioi/iglilcr
opens with “SiIVl-r Spoon," a tour dc force tlial
features her at her licsl lii lop vocal form, slu-
delivers her lines with tricks of tuning and phrasing
that pile on one another in a way that makes i-VI-ry
word scum onomatopocic .loi-y ('oviiigtoii's drum
ming drives and propels the music ((‘ovington's
performance hch, in light of his prcvnnis lackluster
playing on liar/r and Will) Jefferson Airplane on tour
is astounding llis drumwork, featured on si-Vcral
songs, nolalily thc Illll' cut, is strong and assured,a
lnl heavy handed but nearly perfect in this context ),
Jack's basswork is \llIlt'rll [as always), l’aul's guitar
lcad Is economical and el'l'iclciil [Wiscly so, Ill \’lt'W
of firacic‘». furious piano ll‘.|(l), and l’apa .loliii

 

 

COMMUTERS

CLUB MEETING

CAMPUS CENTER 373

Wednesday, Feb. 9th,

the first Commuters Club meeting of 1972!

NOON TOMORROW

    
  
 
  
  
 
  

   
 

 
  
 
     
  

 
   
  

 
  
  
   

Crcach on electric violin furnishes the ﬂourishes and
embellishments to curl around Grace‘s vocals. And
the theme*** well, how does cannibalism grab you?

“Your mama told you never

to eat your friends

with your fingers and

hands, but lsay you

ought to eat what

you will—shove it

in your mouth any way

that you can."

Later, on “China,” a tune Grace wrote for her
baby (now named China, formerly known as god,
the little girl adorns the front cover of the LP), she
reveals a completely different musical personality
ller voicc takes on a bluesy, jazzy cast as slit! sings
with olivnius affection about her baby

“I hope she sees some things that will makc llt‘l‘ time
hill’l’y it all comes in so fast it all comes in"

to a relaxed horn-colored accompaniment.

Paul is only slightly less impressch. llis vocal work
is a great deal more tolerable since he laid off the
cocaine anti iliscoVercd the virtues of clean living.
his uncxrcptional acoustic guitar work is arranged in
such a way that it does not grate on the car as it did
often on [flows and Iiurlr, aiiil his clccti'ic leads come
seldom. lli- shincs on the title time, “Sunl'iglitcr,”
which he wrote, arranged, and dclchrs with a
vengeance, and on “Million”, a song thal does what
“llocknltoll Island" on liar/r tried to and failed at
His arrangements on these tunes are superb lltlll'
how the horns seem lo “51‘ out of Peter l\';iul\'oiicn's
(yes, Joriiia's lirollicr .,|liere aren‘t too many
giiitarisis Willi tln- surnamc “Kaukoncn”, ,his band,
lilzu'li Kangaroo, will release its (lcbut lil’ on (Jruiil
soon) electric Iv. d guitar Iiiic in “Sunfighlcr” and
how the In p-ino, electric lcad (.lcrry (larcia)
guitar, and ; tt-mllt' giiilar (l’aul) are Introduced and

 

 

    
 

 

"layered" on “Million.” Paul’s contribution to the
remaining pieces varies—his melody on “Look at the
Wood" is only workmanlike and his lyrics on
“Holding Together" is a bit banal but on the two
songs on which he collaborated with Gracie on both
is most effective—a “good” voice would have
reduced the song's impact.

His lyrical themes are extremely contemporary~l
assume that in the past he was largely responsible
for the immediacy and sharpness of Jefferson
Airplanc‘s music incontrast with the universality
and timelcssness of the music of the Grateful Dead.
While his attitudes and his pcrsonality still irk at
times, and his l-am-hercvto-saVc-and-enlightcnvyou
stance grates, he avoids (save at the very end) the
tritencss and inanity of “1975" or uHijack". He
seems to want. to provoke his listener and one must
admit he does so skillfully. He is more in control of
his scicnccvfiction Iheniccs now and more aware of
his roots. When hc sings
“(lot to learn to leave the planet. be
no more room here to flick around like we (lid before
just. maybe one more chalice to leave it be"

 

note that he says we - not th y,” The walls are
breaking down ~ and Kantner. .aying now that if
we don‘t. get down and get together in a hurry to
save this planet there won't be an us or a planet. to
worry about, There can be no more time for
artificial social distinctions and for the lingering
enmitics of past strugglcs; no more “we” versus
“thcy.” In that sense, the revolution is ovcr and
won, as Jerry Garcia says. In a larger sense. tbc rcal
revolution lllt‘ one to savc the planet - is begun. lii
Ilie multiple journeying within and without our
selVi-s, through our technology and ecology, that
this revolution rcquires, our arti. s are our arclie
types. This IchI on which Slick and Kantncr havc
mchd to function, and they‘re doing it here doing
it here very well.

  

  

 

   

way Exit 23), Albany.

Bl Each group limited to 6‘

0/ Cool $45.00 per permit
a cm 436-0838

 

TENNIS, EVERYONE!

CO-ED GROUP TENNIS INSTRUCTION
(liolh faculty if: student begins nice/r of I"t‘l). Isl)
IO week scssion...l hour each week
lmlli late aflcrnrimi (Y evening classes

Personally conducted by U. 8. Tennis Pro-
fessional, DAVE KORNREICH, one of the
nation's foremost tennis instructors... To be
held at SOUTHWOOD TENNIS AND SWIM
CLUB, route 9W and Southern Blvd. (Thru- niuhl Ht Hill) and |tl:.‘lt) l',M_

Al Scruliiiiic approach (a learning terinrs- including um ol Videc
Replay, Oxcrllatrny Ball Machines, Stroke Developers, etc.

THINGS

OIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI
l'Injoy a box of Burrito Bros. and
a glass of milk at the Campus
(fcntcr liallroom this Wednesday

IOIOIOI.

"(iuys and Dolls" - “one of the
best, musi .als ever written for the

American theatre" - will be pre-

Cl Fania/punts will be yivan 10% discount on pro shop pulchusus sented by the Senior Class of

Mont Pleasant High School, Sche»
nectady, beginning March 23rd.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

  

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 15

 

by Stewart Ambrose

“Myths are real, reality is

mythical;

There is nothing natural in

Nature."

As the Centaur suggests in his
counsel to the child Jason, there
can be many strange and myster-
ious sides to the familiar, and
there is much we recognize in the
awful and the remote. Pasolini is
not interested in lucidity: the
logic of Medea is the logic of a
dream, and its language is that of
suggestion and mysticism,

Pasolini‘s Medea is not one that
you would pick apart and analyze
in terms of character and motiva-
tion, as you would, perhaps, Euri-
pides‘, for Pasolini has stripped
down plot and dialogue to a
loose-jointed skeleton of events
that seem to just happen, as in a
dream; in this sense, the film is
almost uninterpretable. 'l'he spe-
cifically ecrebral aspects of film
have here given way to a more
subliminal and sensual aesthetic.
an erotics, if you will, It is for this
reason, pL‘rhaps, that the film
may, justly, be labeled “meaning
cs

Mcch is the story of thc savagc
vengeance of a “barbaric” woman
upon a "civilized" society,
Athens, for which she has forsa
ken her natch land and which
refuses, finally, to adniil Mcdca. It
is a “tragedy” meaning, in this
Case, that final destruction is “11'
plicil in the original act, which
takes Medea across thc sea to
Athens. Forcdoomed or not, the
agony of Medea is the rupture of
worlds, the overthrow of “order”
in the unchrse. It is the horror of
this rift that Pasolini so power-
fully cxpresscs in his images.

Medea is first shown presiding
over a human sacrifice, a gory
scene in itself, but indicative not
so much of Medca's cold-hcartcd-
ness and cruelty but of the basic-
ness and primacy of her tics with
that reality; the sacrifice is, \Vt' are
told, to ensure the fertility of the
soil. Pasolini presents her village as
primitive, ritualistic, close-lo-lhe-
cartli-(lug-in, literally and figura»
tively, for their dwellings are Iittlc
hole cat .nt,o the iiceille-liki hiils.
As in a Var. Gogh painting, the
landscape seems to be teeming
with microscopic life ~in brief,
they are like an ant colony, some
insect form of human life Their
society does not appear so much

 
  

PASOLINI //V\EDEA

barbaric, as simply Unreasonable,
ridden with blind instinctive
drives and primitive terrors; Un-
rational, insane.

And it is from this civilization
that Jason takes Medea to Athens,
the pinnacle of Reason and Order,
of cool and suffocating logic,
where monolithic edifices are end-
lessly compartmentalized. Jason,
bringing the Golden Fleece to the
emperor, observes as he tosses it
down that it‘s divinity does not
make sense in Athens. “You may
keep your fleece," he declares,
“Eternal Symbol of Power,,.l be-
lieVe that outside of its native
land, this fleece is meaningless."

But though the Golden Fleece
may passivuly become worthless
aan be tossed aside, Medea can-
not. Ironically, the first thing she
recciv s when she enters the pa-
lace is new robes.

All of this is depicted in purely
visual terms, from the parched
and eaky sand that drives Medea
to hysti-rics when she realizes the
enormity of her cstrangcincnt to
thc tiny sun rising bctwccn two
pillars that signals Medea to initi-
ate the final But
these impressions culled from my
memory automatically impose or‘
ilcr upon lhcmsclvr-s; they do not
truly rcflcct thc dreamlike, comv
pulsch and chaotic :iurrcality of
Medea 'l‘his drcaiiiini s has its
own particular limitations: since
the changes are subtle. they are
also ambiguous; since dreams are
entities unto thcmselvos, there are
no intimations of proportion or

 

 

value.

And fantasies too can haw iii-
consistcncies 'l‘he rcpctition of
Mcdca's murder of Jason 's bride is
timc~consuniing and pointless.
'l'hcrc is a bit of (I feel) unncccs~
sary violcncc at tbc beginning, and
another of unnci ry inodcsty,
seemineg contradictory.

Why does Medea kit I don't
know. I doubt if Pasolini was
seriously concerned with that
question. He has crcatcd a canvas
of weird and fantastical impres-
sions, of places and people lost
and far away, whose features re-
cede, but the impression remains.
I think he has, as an artist, helped
to develop a rather powcrflil and
distinct idiom, one which elevates
the surreal in its own right, at the
expense of the “real” and sug»
gests, perhaps: this nightmare may
be one worth having.

 

 

 

The Subjective F ilmgoer

by Robert Verini

’l‘hi- "Around and About" col-
umn l pcnncd for last Friday's
ASP got a little screwed up some-
where bi-iwecn niy typewriter and
your copy of the paper. The film
that I suggested was “very impor-
tant for an understanding of film
in tlic 'Gt)'s and ‘7()’s” was
not l’ier Paolo Pasolini's MEDEA 4
which I had not seen when I
wrote the piece - but Antonioni‘s
l,‘AVVEN'I‘URA, which LEG.
had scheduled (and, I later
learned, cancelled) for last week-
end. The only reason I bring this
up is that I am very embarrassed
at my inadvertent recommenda-
tion of what has to be the most
nauseating and contemptible clap»
trap chr made; if my words
prompted any of you to shell out

a buck for it. my sincerest apolo-
gics.

What, then, to say about
MEDEA (for which, I am told,
l.l“.(‘i. and Albany State (lint-ma
put up $1,000 sight unsccti)" That
the superb characters and lhcir
heartbreaking tragedy, told lil"l, l
"upposc, by Euripides, are not to
be l'ound‘.’ 'l‘hat every element of
the story is deliberately and infu
riatiiigly made totally uncompre-
hensiblc'.’ vl‘hat Prisolini's sick aiiil
peerrse view of the human scir
sual experience makes a mockery
of all manner of low“? All of this
is trite, and more. My favorite
explanation of the travesty shown
in L.(l. 18 was proVIded by a
friend, who maintained that the
director processed all tlic loose
scraps of film left on the cutting-

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

    
  

 
  
  
    
  

      
  
 

  
  

   

    
  
  
   
     
 

 

  
 
  

   
   
   
   

   

Inter-Frater'nity Council

Presents:

      
   
     
  

  
  
  

SPRING ’72 SMOKER

Thursday, February lOtli
8pm

CC Ballroom
Guest Speaker: Bobby Dubon

   
  
   
  
    
   
 
   
  
      
  
 
 
   
   
 
 

 

room floor, put them in a can and
sent it to us, saying "Doscva slu-
pid American schmucks, (ley
gonna pay to see anyt‘ing." Be-
licvc "11', it‘s no exaggeration;
l’asolini‘s contempt for his audi-
ence is l‘\'l(ll‘ll(‘l'(l in every foot of
thc lwoliour (or two-year, l
couldn ‘i he sure) movie.

It's pointless (and well-nigh im-
possible) Io mention all the many
failings of the picture which pro-
vides diva Maria Callas with her
much-heralded dramatic debut,
surely the biggest fiasco since
llaya I'larareet (who?) was intro-
duecd in BEN-HUB. (Callas her-
self is directed simply to glare
menacineg at the various actors
and the audience throughout;
we'll have to wait to see if she
can, in fact. act as opposed to

posing.) I would say that the most
odious thing about the whole
mess is Pasolini's debasement of
all of the purest human emotions.
llis homosexuality pervades the
film ~ but what is amazing is that
his obvious hatred of humanity
makes every kind of love - hetero
ulltl homo - seem disgusting. There
is in MEDEA not one glimmer of
affection for anybody or any-
thing, and to my mind lfltll is
perverted.

I'm getting a little incoherent
now. and I apologize; but my
ablioi‘rcncc of this film knows no
bounds, I can sec nothing more
dangerous for the future of the
cimema then putting a camera in
the hands of a deranged and un-
sl"blc individual who, having no
knowledge of filnimaking, can
merely present his own misanthro-
pic and vomitous fantasies in a
massive display of self-gratifica»
tion devoid of wit or point. In the
future 1 suggest that if Signor
l’asolini wants to masturbate he
do so in the privacy of his own
room, and not inflict it on a
gullible and unsuspecting public.
expeciully college students who
haven’t the money to waste on
self-indulgent trash the likes of
MEDEA.

