 
  

 

    
   
   
  
  
       
     
        
        
       
        
   
        
     
   
  
   
 
  

  
  
     
 
    
        
     
 
    

 «gm may.» v -< 

      
   
      
     
     
    
     
       
         
    
    
       
    

www. ..._...--.
"WNW

 

 

L

French fFilms Ably Presented

 

first moment, plus she can sing.

The final film is something
which would surprise me very
much if it is not immediately
accepted as a major work when it
is eventually released for public
distribution. “Le Petit Matin" isa
tense. impactful movie which
deals with the effects of German
occupation on a proud French
household in general and one of
its young members in particular.
Catherine Jourdan shines as the
vivacious hellcat who comes to
love one of the people who occu-
pies and humiliates her home.

by sun Amino"

This week-end saw a myriad of
quality artistic events the likes of
which we rarely get a chance to
see around here. Colid moments
in Dance, Theatre, and Classical
music were offered, but probably
the most auspicious was the
French Film Festival which
Albany State Cinema, lnternation~
II Film Group, the French Club
and the Alliance Francaise jointly
sponsored.

The emotion of this film was set
at a feverish level. The acting was
inspired and forceful without
being strained. The editing of this
film was brisk and to-the-point
without being choppy. The ima-
gery was called for without get-
ting too intellectual. If you missed
it, i have a feeling you'll have
your chance to see it again for
three bucks in some artsy theater
in New York.

“Les Camissards" was the
second offering Friday night, and
one which I found to be a bit
discouraging in relation, to the rest
of the program. Rene Allie is a
director who has something to
say, but does not have full enough
command of his medium yet to
say it Wildly. For scenes which
are so beautifully set in a forest,
the camera movement was stag- Huesenols are the incarnation of Through some neat tricks (ani- ment. Jacques Demy's "Peau
nant and did not derive inspira- every heroic struggle which ever mation, matting, mirror effects. D'ane" was the most sensible
tion from the gorgeous country- raised arms against a tyrant. Now stop-projections, etc.) “La Belle handling of a fairy tale since
side. all Allio has to do is learn what Cerebrale" treats the age old another great French director, "Le Pet“ Mann" W85 8 great

kinds of things can be done with a theme of boredom in quite an Jean Cocteau, brought “Beauty ﬁlm in a great film featiVnL My
and the Beast" to the screen, congratulations to everyone who
Catherine Deneuve was absolutely had a hand in bringing this event
cicmly like,“ the behavio, of the from Peter Foldes, the creator of Saturday night's program was beautiful as the princess who to the campus. These of us who
“red-coat" gentry to Nazis, police, a short called “La Belle pure joy. Here were two carefully modestly hides herself under a appreciate interesting cinema
or any authoritarian ﬁgure which Cerebrale," which was shown conceiVed ﬁlms complete with donkey skin. We are enchanted by thought it was well worth your
the viewer finds detestable. The prior to “Les Camissards". solid acting and apt camera move- Miss Deneuva's charms from the trouble.

 

Rendevous a Bray

camera. Maybe he could take a interesting way.
His images are good. He effi- few lessons in cinematography

 

Myths about newspaper advertising:

'nasmoi moan using pure dn apis 1118p 13de snort tum ‘agqasum

I! ms '10! Wool 91.nori mum 10a queqord are sradedsmu adept: :32  8‘1!
d . .

‘ 'suon mama
smau se is pexooj are spa Jadedsmau ‘saBesseui [emauaaoo 19 o Aueui a

‘i‘teMue a or uopuane And "ya ajdoad ‘smu ﬁagseieiui pue Selig“ 190“! 9 12pm jo ajglpnu sq;
ui si 1! 912 permits 'paopou a 193 01 umop apisdn pa as am 01 aziéq noA armies sou sraM '

nmoo ElGiSdﬂ aova s
nant .Lsnr not (no AHM
90v asavasman .Lno
saavo sooson =11

mmmmn “QWMM.N.YJWI7

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MARCH 28 1972

     

 

 

 

 

 

Beaux Arts Trio

by Andy Palley

Classical music is such a large, varied. complex
world that any individual outside of a major musical
center rarely has a (hance to hear the best of
anything. Albany is no; a major musical center.
but, every blue moon, the best of something comes
here. Sunday, whether you knew it or not, was blue
moon day, and the Beaux Arts Trio celebrated by
coming to SUNYA.

Classical trios are among the most difficult pieces
to perform well. Since tlwrc are only three instru-
ments, nothing is hidden underneath the drone of
other instruments, and, therefore. a degree of
virtosity is required. Phrnsing becomes all impor-
tant, and the supreme goal is to have three
instruments (violin, cello, and piano) sound as one.
The separate parts melt into one musical, and oil
emotional, statement.

The Beaux Arts Trio might be the best trio in
active performance in the world today. That is quite
a statement, but the truth is that there are not that
many trios around of late, and when three superb
musicians such as Isadore Cohen on violin, Bernard
Greenhouse on cello, and Menahcm Prcssler on
piano join forces, fireworks burst in every perfor-

mance. Today's was no exception. The first work on
the program was Mozart's Trio in C Major, K. 548. i
think everyone likes a good performance of Mount,
and Beaux Arts' performance was exceptional. l'm
sure that Menahcm Pressler plays Mozart differcnly
from most pianists-his style is so fluid, so relaxed,
yet so confident that the notes seem to pour out as
one would . ream of them. it's amazing that styles
so antithetical as Pressler's and Findlay Cockrell's
can exist side by side, but that is the world of
music--variety is what keeps it alive!

After that marvelous Mozart came a piece by
Ravel. This was the second piece by Ravel to he
performed in the Albany area in the past two weeks
(the A50 played La Valse at their last ('onccrt)--hc
must be in fashion again. Wonderful! The Trio in A
Minor is a masterpiece, but it needs master musi-
cians to see the light once in a while. Beaux Arts are
just those master musicians, and did a fantastic job.
The parts for unison cello and violin would seem to
this semi-educated listener to be extremely
difficult--the matching up on tones in the ccllo's
high register to those of the violin is what makes the
first movement of this piece effective, and, thank-
fully, it came off without a hitch.

The final work on the program was the Brahms'
Trio in C Major. Brahms is also in fashion again, if
he ever left, and Beaux Arts did him a great tribute
by playing this trionand by playing it as Well as they
did. One should expect perfection from the greatest

one is always so pleasantly

of musicians, but
ts it! lt's this unusual irony

surprised when one ge
which draws people in droves to the great virtuosi.
At any rate, the performance was exhilarating, and
the not-so-large-sized crowd (God will punish those
who didn't come!) applauded vigorously enough to
warrant an encore. They got a movement from the
Dumky trlo by Dvorak, an adorable dance from the
heart of one of the world' most adorable composers.
The alternating sections of sorrowful melodies from
the cello and brisk, cheerful passages for the whole
trio form a delightful vignette of C'I.cchoslovakian
life, and Beaux Arts deserves a medal of some sort
for choosing such a beautiful encore. They deserve
much more for their wonderful music. but one can
only sit back and say, “Thank you." That might be
the greatest tribute of all!

 

 

APPLICATIONS

for

SPECIAL EVENTS BOARD

Available at CC Info Desk
Return to CC 364

By March 28, 1972 at 5:00 pm

 

Eugene Istomin, Virtuoso pianist, wi

 

  

ll appear with the Albany Symphony on April 22.

Chase: Emma

by Bill Brina

Chase: Enneu Epic KE31097

Somehow i just cannot take this
band seriously. The rock-ﬂavored
rhythm section is competent, and
organist Phil Porter is occasionally
interesting. Guitarist Angel South
isn‘t-~what few chops he unveils
were so obviously stolen that it's
hardly worth mentioning. And the
band‘s four-trumpet horn section
is wretched excess personified-—
lead trumpeter Bill Chase is good
and the rest are competent but
together, they reduce every song
to a repetitive, dull exercise.

The first side of this album
features vocalist G. G. Shinn en-
gaged in a contest with Terry
Richards and Ted Piercefield to
win the David Clayton-Thomas
sound-alike contest. For his
abominable posturing on “Woman
of the Dark" GG wins the prize--a
rotten herring for his pained ton-
ails.

Side two is taken up with a
laughably pretentious effort titled
"Enrica," “a suite based on the
legendary Greek gods." Lyrics
were supplied by Erin Adair, a/k/a
L. ltaub. With material like this I
can understand why he resorts to
several pun names. 1 can just see
Hill Chase getting together with
the boys and saying, “OK, now;
we've been doing all these back
imitations of jazzy love songs;
now if we're going to stay hip
we'd better put out something
with a heavy theme." And, oh
boy, is it heavy'I you‘ve read bet-
ter stuff in the poetry column of

    
   
    
 
      
   
    
    
 
    
    
     

GRADUATE sruosms
THE ASSOCIATION

CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS
UNDERGRADUAIE STUDENTS

(Manage l9 & rompintmn ol all-est I not olcellcpa )

. . . comprising 350 outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-Sister

and Co-Ed Camps. located throughout the New England. Mid-

dle Atlantic States and Canada.

lNVITEB YOUR lNQUlﬂlES concerning summer employment as Head

Counselors. Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors.
Write, Phone, or Call in Person

Association of Private Camps - Dept. C
Muawsll M. Alaaandar, Eucutlu Director

55 West 42nd Street, 0X 5-2656, New York 86. N. Y.

your high school newspaper. And
you‘ve heard more affecting dra-
matic recitations at your high
school play, too.

it is really a shame; there's a
good bit of talent in this hand, all
of which is wasted on this rotten
junk. What Chase badly needs is
someone to shoot G.G. Shinn and
substitute a singer-songwriter with
something to say and some notion
as to how to say it. Until then,
Chase is a Playboy add-vflashy
exterior; no substance.

Kris Kristofferson: Border Lord
Monument KZ 31302

Kris Kristofferson the writer is
one of the most original, unortho-
dox, and honest talents that we
have; Kris the singer-performer
has always managed to hold my
attention and touch my spirit, in
spite of his flat, colorless voice
and casual, off-hand delivery. Kris
the recording artist, though, has
never come close to matching Kris
the writer or Kris the performer.
Border Lord. his newest release,
provides another demonstration
of this. What comes out as plain--
spoken honesty in performance
comes across as numbing dullness
on this album. Why this happens
l‘m not totally sure; i suspect the
answer might lie in the way Kris-
upproaches the recording studio.
l'm not sure that he understands
the way the recording medium
works; and I am fairly sure that he
has no clear notion of what to do
with it.

and mum MEMBERS
OF PRIVATE CAMPS

There are some beautiful tunes
in here; some honest emotion, and
some fine playing by Kris's Band
of Thieves and by the omni-
present Nashville studio cat‘s"-
Kenny Buttrcy, Pete Drake,
Charlie McCoy, etc. Unfortu-
nately, the arrangements are
spare, awkward, and disjointed.
Somehow, it just doesn't come
together.

if you enjoyed Kristofferson the
performer this album will tide you
over until you see him again; if
you aren‘t already enamoured by
this style, this album won‘t in-
terest you.

Al Kooper: "A Possible Pro-
jection of the Future/Childhood‘s
End" Columbia KC 31159

Like many a New York City
bred musician, Al Kooper's first
'ove was rhythm and blues, and
the R K: B flavored numbers on
this album are pleasant, melodic,
funky in a refined, white sort of
way, and pleasant to listen to---
good, sensual dance music. Unfor-
tunately, Al drowns at least half
of this album in technical and
thematic overkill. Kooper's always
had a great command of tech-
niquc coupled with a fairly mud-
dled sense of direction. As a re-
sult, the bizarre but lush arrange
ments reinforce his high, quavery,
spacey voice. When this com-
bination books into his confused
writing the result is all-too-oftcn a
feeling of terminal weirdrm and
spoiled self-indulgence.

Perhaps if Koop had scraped
around a little he wouldn't have
to try so hard to sound put-down
and broken-hearted. As some kind
of coherent artistic statement, this
album is ludicrous. As partying
music, it should be great. it rocks
and swings quite nicely, and
Koop's excesses are good for a
few stray laughs here and there.

__—___—___ _._.._1

1r .
NEW RIDERS 0F
PURPLE SA GE

at Union College on April H
For info, call 346-8688

 

 

 

 

MARCH 28, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7

 

 
 

  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
  
    
    
  
   

t
t
t 3

