 

 

 

 

 

 

editor's Hole:

ASP reporter Ami llunlwr was recciilly assigned to spend
a day with President Louis Beriezel, in an effort in
discover exaclly who! lll’ does on an bur-rain" (lay. lllll‘
ulisr'i'uulinns are as follows.

March 7, 1972
Dear Rich,

Greetings from the land of stone and mortar!
How've you been? I would have written sooner
but work’s been piling up and I can't seem to get
organized. If it isn’t one thing, it's another, you

 

know?
I imagine you've heard about the tuition and
room hikes. I can’t believe it. Tuition has

doubled since I got here: $400 to $800 in two
years! Where’s it going to stop? And the really
sad thing is, what are we getting for the extra
money? I couldn't get half the courses I needed
this semester because they just weren't offered.
There’s no way I can change my major now, l’d i
be afraid of not being able to get in the required

courses before graduation.

 

Things have been normal for the most part. ,
Classes, work, eat, sleep... you know, the old
routine. l did spend an interesting day last week,
though. I was assigned to follow President Benezet
(top administrator here at SUNYA) around for a
day to get the scoop for an article in the ASP. The

 

.-
idea was to get a first-hand look at just what tl.e
President does in the course of a day.

I almost died when I walked into ms office that
morning. You should have seen the place-~plush
or what! I’d heard rumors that the second floor

-
D

 

photos by MW doutsch

 

PAGE 10 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

of the Administration Building was wall-to-wall
elegance, but I guess I never quite believed it. His
personal office is fantastic; it reminded me of
some executive’s suite in one of those old Doris
Day movies. At least I think it was Doris Day.

The President himself is a nice enough guy. I
got the feeling that he was as nervous about my
presence as l was about being there. He was very
helpful; be outlined the day’s plan of action for
me and explained that there were some things I
just couldn't sit in on. For the most part, I had
to agree with him, but I was kind of disappoin-
ted that I couldn't have joined him for an
executive luncheon. I guess he went to the
Hudson River Club, or something like that, lor a
get together with the boys (the boys being the
"upper strata"businessmen, administrators, and
the like). Aside from being too ritzy for me - no
females allowed! Well, you know my old motto,
Rich: I've been thrown out of better places.

Back to the events of the day. I sat in on
meetings, eavesdropped (With his permission) on
telephone calls and witnessed dictation. Through
it all, the Presntlent explained just what he was
doing and the significance of it. I must say that
man is on the go all day. All in all, it was a
fascinating experience.

Aside from enjoying the novelty of the day, I
learned a lot. One of the President’s chief
concerns seems to be the gulf between students,

 

A
TUESDAY. MARCH 7, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"l Passed ll Day With President Benezet..."

 

faculty, and administration. One meeting was
totally taken up with a discussion of alienation,
both on-campus and off. Our public relations are
not the best. Even ole Barney Fowler came up in
conversation...you remember, I told you about
Barney Fowler and the Sayles Hall scandal last
year, didn't I? Well, l guess Fowler's "mouth"
and the disruptions of Spring 1970 have done
little to endear us to the community. Anyway,
the committee talked this over and came up with
a few suggestions for bettering relations. it all
sounded kind of ineffectual to me - the problems
are so immense. I guess you've got to start
somewhere, though.

Another meeting I attended was primarily
concerned with policy-making. The problems
there were in the same vein. They are so
hampered by red tape, the bureaucratic hier-
archy and financial constraints that I don't see
how anything ever gets done. They are plagued
by organizational problems like you wouldn't
believe.

I guess I got kind of carried away with the
details, but what I witnessed that day really got
to me. What gulfs exrst between people on all
levels, Rich- you see it everywhere. We're so
hampered by the whole system. It’s just too big.
Priorities get lost somewhere, red tape is strang-
ling us; we are drowning in a world we can't
handle. i don‘t know if you can understand what
I'm trying to say. I guess I can sum it up by
quoting a fellow-prisoner, “What we have here is

a failure to communicate."
Take care of yourself and write soon. This can

get to a lonely place.
Ciao,
Ann

PAGE 1 l

