  

 

 

fAGEB

’mikﬂﬂliﬁkilﬂﬂ

********$*******I I I I 33‘ . . I ' I' II. T

On January 25, President Nixon went before the American people to
bring the news of an "8-point peace plan." The Nixon administration made
clear that if its latest ultimatum is not accepted by the Vietnamese people
there would be the ominous danger of a major escalation of the lndochina
war by the US. government. Nixon himself spelled it out in his speech
when he said:

If the enemy’s answer to our peace offer is to step up military attacks,

/ shall fully meet my responsibilities as Commander-in-Chief of our

armed forces , . . (emphasis added)

James Reston writing in the Jan. 26 New York Times expressed more
fully the intent and message of Nixon’s speech:

He did not deal with the problem of peace itself. In fact he made it

worse and committed himself to more fighting and more bombing if

an offensive occurs. . . in mid-February.

From the man who fully met his responsibilities as Commander-in-
Chief in 1970 and 1971 by invading Cambodia and Laos, Nixon's speech
represents a matter of serious concern to the antiwar movement. In light of
Nixon’s speech and the increased bombing of Indochina that has occurred
in recent months, we must analyze the state of the war and place the role
of the student antiwar movement in 1972, a Presidential election year, into
perspective.

The form of U.S. involvement in Indochina has changed in an effort to
deal with the deepening of antiwar sentiment at home. Majority antiwar
sentiment is the reason for the government’s propaganda campaign to con-
vince the American people that “the war is winding down.” To provoke the
power and anger of millions of antiwar Americans is something to be avoid-
ed at all costs. The war has become an automated one, relying on increased
use of air power, chemical defoliants, pesticides, and electronic gimmickry.
However, the military goal of the war-makers has not changed, it remains
the military crushing of the Vietnamese liberation forces. The war contin-
ues, as it has for over 10 years of US involvement in Southeast Asia, only
the form has changed.

The “Nixonization” of the war involves the increased saturation
bombing of Laos, Cambodia, and North and South Vietnam to the point
where, in 1971, almost one million tons of bombs were dropped on lndo-
china. One-fifth of Vietnam has been defoliated, the US. government using
enough chemical defoliants to amount to 61 lbs. apiece for every man,
woman, and child in the country. Delicate electronic sensors proliferate
throughout lndochina to direct the releasing of thousands of tons of anti-—
personnel bombs designed to rip to shreds every living person within their
range.

Herbert Mitgang, writing in the Dec. 20, 1971 New York Times, ex-
pressed the rationale behind the “winding down of the war.”:

Pentagon planners (are) under orders to lower the casualty rates

though not the American involvement supporting Vietnamization dur-

ing the Presidential season. (emphasis added)

The simple fact is that the war is not winding down, as the five—day
bombing raids against North Vietnam proved. The "Nixonization" of the
war has become a policy of saturation bombing, destruction and devasta-
tion of the countryside by use of chemical defoliants and insecticides, and
the political and financial support to the dictatorial regimes of Thieu in S.
Vietnam and Lon Nol in Cambodia.

 

 

\ ‘ .~  ‘ t
:3 Mt“..-  ' " 
 r r:  their “ it,

altar.
2'4"

. .. i.)
.4 A“ i " Vi. 
. g . a

.' ‘\

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

'ICII‘I'*********3IIC.5.... . . . . .I ,

 

 

 

'I‘ROOP REPLACEMEN'I‘S

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The government’s policy of continued aggression in Southeast Asia has
been combined with a serious, concerted attempt to conVInce the American
people that the war is on its way to being over and that the antiwar
movement is dead. We have been told to sit back and wait, that Nixon will
go to China and end the war, that his globe-trotting adventures will create a
“generation of peace."

That illusion, created by the mass media, was shattered and broken in
December, 1971 when the U.S., as the Anderson papers revealed, was giving
direct support and encouragement to Pakistan in the lndo-Pakistan war.
Illusions were further dispelled with the five day round-the-clock bombing
of North Vietnam at the end of the year.

On Jan. 25, the same day as Nixon’s latest "peace plan” was announ
ced, The New York Times reported that US. jets carried out another
“protective reaction "bombing raid over North Vietnam. We can expect no
"generation of peace" from the government which has invaded Laos and
Cambodia and dropped more tons of bombs on Vietnam, a country the size
of Texas, than were dropped in all of World War II. The only way this war
will end and people of lndochina will be able to determine their own future
will be by the total, immediate, unconditional withdrawal of all U.S. troops
and bombers from Southeast Asia.

Antiwar sentiment has grown to massive proportions in the United
States. A recent Harris Poll showed that 65% of the American people
believe "that it is morally wrong for the United States to be fighting in
Vietnam."

Neil Sheehan, in the Jan. 16 New York Times wrote:

The outcry over the five days of bombing raids against North Vietnam

at the end of [December] has demonstrated the war is a latent issue

with the electorate that could be quickly rekindled by events in Indt.
china. And the military reverses suffered by Washington's allies could
conceivably rekindle it. The US. government is being boxed-in in

Southeast Asia between the deepening antiwar sentiment at home and

the increasingly difficult military situation in Indochina.

We, in the student movement, have learned a lot in the seven year5
that we have marched, spoken-out, and organized against the war. We learn
ed on Nov. 15, 1969 and April 24, 1971 that it is mass demonstrations
which have given the antiwar majority the courage to express their oppOSi
tion to the war. We learned in May, 1970 that our campuses and high
schools should be antiwar organizing centers where our power, our organi
zation, and our numbers can reach-out and involve the decisive majority in
the movement to end the war. We have learned that it is only the immedi
ate, unconditional withdrawal of all ships, bombers, and Gl‘s which guaran
tee the people of Southeast Asia that they will be free to determine their
own future.

It will be key in 1972, when many in the antiwar movement have
different ideas on electoral strategy, that we realize the maximum potential
of our movement by uniting all who oppose the war in common antiwar
activity, regardless of their position on other issues. Most important of all,
for 1972, we have learned that our maximum power and effectiveness lies
in the independence of our movement. We have learned that the best waY
to unite the antiwar majority is through independent mass demonstrations
in the streets for immediate withdrawal, welcoming all who wish join the
movement to end the war. And it will only be by continuing to build 3"

renter/"tilt! by [10!) Mayer

 

- TUESDAY, FEB

 

  
   

UARY221972 . _ _ n _ . _ .

W***uuu. --- - .u -
r-v-vp

ONCE UPON A TIME THE

independent movement for the immediate withdrawal of all U.S. forces
from Indochina that we will end the war.

In the last year there have been significant additions to the forces of
the organized independent antiwar movement. Labor, understanding that
Nixon has attempted to make the working people pay for the war, has
endorsed and participated in mass antiwar actions on a greater level than
ever before. Women, Chicanos, Blacks, Vietnam veterans, active-duty Gl’s,
and Gays have all become powerful, dynamic components of the antiwar
movement by linking their demands for justice and liberation to the neces-
sity for immediate withdrawal. Within, the student movement, high school
students have become the most consistent and active builders and organiz-
ers of the antiwar movement. High school students, in some cities, made up
the majority of those who demonstrated on November 6. The antiwar
movement now clearly represents the majority of the American people. We
are beginning to include in our ranks the forces necessary to end the war.
Our job now is to turn the majority antiwar sentiment into majority anti-
war action, when we do that this war will end.

An integral part of the administration’s propaganda campaign has been
the theme that the student movement is dead. For the last six months
feature articles, radio talk shows, and TV specials have presided over the
funeral of the student movement. Typical of these was an article in the Jan.
10 New York Times, by Douglas Kneeland, entitled "Where have all the
sit-ins gone?" Kneeland joins in giving the last rites to the student move-
ment:

If the radicals had faded then (fall 1970), their energies dissipated,

they are virtually invisible now. A mention of the Vietnam war is

more likely to elicit a shrug than an expletive...

These pronouncements represent wishful thinking more than reality.
Antiwar sentiment is higher than ever before on college campuses. On April
24, 1971 more students demonstrated for immediate withdrawal than ever
before on a single day. A Carnegie Commission on Higher Education study
released on Nov. 14, 1971 reported that “the tinder of discontent on the
campus remains dry (as ever).” High school students have now organized in
greater numbers than ever before. In reality, the pronouncement of the

death of the student movement is a striking testimonial to our potential
power.

 

E WAS A WAR!

 

 

PAGE 9

H¥$M¢MM

In conjunction with the pronouncements that the student antiwar
movement is dead, the government has continued a campaign of victimi-
zation of antiwar activists, both at home and in Vietnam itself. The repres-
sion of leaders of the Vietnamese student antiwar movement should be a
question of urgent concern for all American students. A background to the
development of the repressive actions against the Vietnam National Student
Union is included in this issue of the Student Mobilizer. The facts about
their victimization should be part of teach-ins, rallies, and educational
material on the continuation of the war. At home, this spring the govern-
ment begins the trials of Daniel Ellsburg and the Harrisburg defendents. The
right to organize and speak out against the war is under attack in both of
these trials. The defense of victimized antiwar activists remains essential to
building a powerful mass movement to end the war.

The most urgent task before the student movement this spring is to
expose and combat the widespread illusion that the need for mass antiwar
activity is over. Campaigns such as those being carried by the Berkeley SMC
(see article p. )offer an example of the type of education and action we
need to carry out this spring. The ominous situation in Indochina, with the
possible danger of a new escalation of the war, makes it imperative that we
bring the truth about the war to the American people.

It is in this context that the Student Mobilization Committee, the
largest national student antiwar organization, has initiated a call for a
National Student Antiwar Conference, to be held February 25-27 at Wash-
ington Irving High School in New York City. The purpose of the confer-
ence is compelling—to bring together the student movement to map a pro-
gram of broad-based antiwar activity. The central themes of the conference
will be, "Is the War winding down?”, and "the student movement in 1972,
what next for the antiwar movement?" The conference itself will be a
decisive answer to those who would like to pronounce the student move-
ment dead. The decisions of the conference can have a tremendous import.
ance for the student movement in 1972. Add your voice to the growing,

decisive antiwar majority. BE THERE!

STOP THE LIESI

STOP THE BOMBING, BRING ALL BOMBERS, SHIPS, AND GI'S
HOME NOW!

ON TO THE NATIONAL STUDENT ANTIWAR CONFERENCE,
FEB. 25-27, NEW YORK CITY

 

...77MT r PLEDGE TO .

pie/N6 our ANonER 77f£R€xIVE DOA/N a

[4,000 new Mil-4 $1279

AND women roo,ooo

Jr me END (F
175 YEAR.

AND 50 MY BELL“,

 

 

 

 

 

 

By DEBBY BUSTIN
SMC National Coordinator

rot/£54K HE,
too a PEACE— FRED LOVGREN
myﬂw R , SMC National Staff
ME?! 37',\
BUG

Iii-printed WIIII [it-I'iriissmn l'rimi lITI'

SlurII-ni Muliilirutmn (‘uniniillm-

 

 

 

 

 

a,

 

(FEBRUARY 25-27
{NEW YORK

40 Irving Place

INIkTIONAL SIUDENI
(ANIIW4R CNFERENCE

SPONSORED BY THE

:SIUDENI MOBILIZATION CMMITTEE

WASHINGTON IRVING HIGH SCHOOL

(one block east of Union Square)

BRING ALLTHE TROOPS HOME NOW

Nixon has one big problem, us. Every time he
starts up a campaign of lies, we tell the truth. Every
time he escalates the war, we answer, ’OUT NOWI'

In 1972 the power of the student movement will
be more crucial than ever before. In order to plan
our most effective strategy, we need to meet together
to compare our experiences and decrde on a course of
action. The Student Mobilization Committee, along
With many other organizations, Is sponsoring a Na-
Iiunul Student Antiwar Conference to be held in New
York, FBI; uary 25-27, The conference is open to all
young people who want to end the war. Every per-
: n has vorce and vote. Add your voice. Be there!
III-I-IIIIII-I
O I will attend the National Student Antiwar,
Conference. Enclosed is $3 advanced registration.
OSend me more information on tho SMC and the

Conference. I
OI want to join the SMC ( $1 membership fee).
OEnclosnd II a t___ donation.

.Nsm-

Ill-IIKE

 

I Bring ALL US. Forces Home NOW! :  |

 

    
 

 

  

