 

 
 
  
 
  

  

  

W:

S‘i’."

1‘:‘.?“‘:‘ m

   

;«._.;.<t. :7sim,

 

 

 

‘3.-......- ...- «bu—r“ A -W' -.

by Glenn Ion Nostiu *

1071-1972. What was the year like? How did the university change
in those twelve short months?

it was certainly not a year of vehement activism on the part of
students, particularly when compared with 1970, the year of “The
Strike". Room rates were hiked. tuition raised, and phone subsidies
for resident students were eliminated, all with very‘ little student
protest. True, there was a "rally" in front of SUNY Central Offices to
protest the tuition increase, but outof some 15,000 enrolled students,
fewer than 50 thought it was important enough to attend. One
assemblyman reported his disappointment that he had received
absolutely no letters from students concerning the new hikes.

The same apathy was evident after Attica had made big headlines.
Only a small handful of students chose to protest in front of the
offices of the State Corrections Department. And finally, when the
indochina air war was escalated in April, only about 400 SUNY
students protested by marching to the Federal Building dovVntown, in
spite of fervent pleas from campus anti-war groups.

Here on campus the food remained at its usual level of quality, the
faculty got older, and new students arrived as others left. The "new",
architecturally bold campus began to show its age in the Campus
Center and many of the residence halls began to take on a shoddy
appearance. The fountains were turned off for the Winter, and turned
on again in the Spring. The carrillon played melodies sporadically, and
students still swam in the reflecting pool.

'ihe library was used 60% more this year than last. Crime. decreased
by nearly 46%, and undergraduate applications rose by some 40%.

The liberalization of living area regulations continued unabated.
While only four years ago alcohol in the dorms and open visiting hours
were hotly debated topics, this year witnessed the introduction of
additional co—ed dorms, and promises were made for even more next
year.

"Grassroots", a new campus newspaper, was founded. An older
newspaper, The Albany STudent Press made some rather startling
discoveries under its new policy of "investigative reporting". One
professor, it was learned, makes nearly $50,000 a year, and another
was denied tenure even though hundreds of his students publicly
backed him. The ASP also unearthed some rather incriminating facts
about the Faculty Student Association, and published reports of a
State Senate scandal involving Albany State students.

WSUA received funds to finally begin broadcasting FM Stereo,
which means that students living within seven miles of the campus will
be able to tune-in. The football team improved somewhat, and the
basketball team was excellent. Unfortunately, the latter team was
disqualified by the NCAA when it was learned that one of the players
did not have a high enough academic average.

The last of the residence quads, Indian, was finally dedicated.
Mohawk Tower, remains "under construction". According to Presi-
dent Benezet, the proposed East and West Podium extensions “are
dead" due to the severe budget cuts imposed by the legislature. Also
hit by the budget axing were the field house and graduate student
housing. Ground was actually broken for the field house, but it will
probably never be built.

There were the usual concerts, plays, and speakers. Julian Bond,
Arthur SchlesingerI Norman Mailer, Florynce Kennedy and many
other notables argued their stands before student audiences. Don
McLean, Jethro Tull, the J. Geils Band, Carly Simon and Livingston
Taylor were among the great entertainment names appearing here.
Aretha Franklin sang to a packed house of over 3,000.

Also heard here were the Beaux Arts Trio, the Minnesota Symphony
Orchestra, the Dorian Woodwin Quintet, as well as our own
University-Community Orchestra and the Symphonic Wind Ensemble.
"The Great American Light War”, “Troilus and Omnida", “The Bald
Soprano" and other dramatic productions were well performed and
enthusiastically received by standing room only audiences.

So, avoiding the sticky issue of campus politics, that was essentially
1971-1972 at the State University of New York at Albany. For
SUNY, the "golden years" were over. instead of appropriating us
more money, the legislature decided to see how well we could
function with less. There was little physical growth in terms of new
buildings and new departments, but We did experience consolidation,
maturation, and a good measure of solid achieVement. Perhaps it
could be said that 1971-1972 was less exciting and innovative than
other years, but after ten years of spectacular non-stop growth, it
would be difficult, indeed, to match the v " ‘ of the U ' ",
when it was rapidly expanding. During 1971-1972 the University
realized that there would be an end to non-stop growth, and it paused
for a much needed self-reappraisal.

War Big Issue for Students

 

 

Nixon Muskie WallaCe
21% 71% 1%
Nixon McGovern Wallace
26% 65% 2%
Nixon Humphrey Wallace
29% 53% 2%

No Opinion
7%

No Opinion
7%

No Opinion
16%

 

 

by John Paulie

With this being election year,
and the Democratic and Repub-
lican conventions coming up this
summer, a group of students and
faculty studying the presidential
primaries on campus took a tele-
phone poll of 220 SUNYA stu-
dents regarding the elections. The
poll was conducted after the New
Hampshire primary—March 8
through March 14. It was found
that 47% of SUNYA students are
l " _ " ‘9 33% DemOCrats,
and 12% Republicans. A sur-
prisingly high percentage—68% of
thc students—are registered to

 

“Anti-Heroin Action"

David'l’eel and

Jo Rubin
the Lower East Hide my

Stew Albert
Total Crud
Captain Hook

 

SPONSORED BY SWEETFIREH

833535 8511
Saturday Mag 6

news!

1 pm-- CONCERT & RALLY in Albany's lovely Washington Park
(State Street side)

4:30 pm-- MARCH from the Park to the Capitol for the

vote in the November elections.

Throughout the country stu-
dents are known as being “lib-
erais". SUNYA is no exception to
this belief. In the liberal category
fell 72% of the students; into the
conservative category—19%.

After gathering this basic infor-
mation the following question was
asked: "What do you consider will
be the most important issue in the
November election?" The war,
with 47% and the economy, with
32% of the vote were deemed

    
    

 

 vote

 so mam

55 to
 central council
from dutch quad

most important. The war con-
tinues to be an important issue for
the students. Opinion polls
areund the country give similar
results u... '1 the reverse order.

in response to “Which of the
Democratic candidates do you
favor for president?", McGovern
led on the ﬁrst choice with 33%,
Muskie 27%, and 31% with no
opinion. For second choice Mus-
kie led with 20%, McGovern with
11%, and 51% with no opinion.

in a three way race on campus
the winner would be a Democrat
by a large margin. The chart above
represents the three races sur-
veyed:

Of all the Democratic candidates
Nixon does worst against Muskie,
better against McGovern, and best
of all against Humphrey. EVen
though McGovern is the first
choice of students of the Demo-
cratic candidates. the students fell
that Muskie could do better in a
three way race.

 

Dick Phillips
REVOLUTION

and John & Yoko,

if they‘re not deported

 

 

 

elect-

Make Student Association

the STUDENTS’ Association

.IAY GOLDMAN
SA VICE PRESIDENT

Elections May 3, 4, 5

 

 

 

 

PAGE 16

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1972

 
 

 

VOL. LIX N0. 28

ASP EXTRA

MAY 11, 1972

 

 

 

 

U.S. MINES

NORTH
VlETNAM

 

 

THAILAND

0 50

H
Miles E

 

PORTS ‘ .,

 
  
   
 
  

Hon Gai
#

.mlm

*:

O
. Ha “0" South China Sea
/
Q!

Mu Glo Ouon Kho

LAOS Pan 0 sir—9""

no Hoi

. 1

No Phao Demili'onred

Alone
Ouang

Hue

   

. a” r
We? ‘

HAIPHON

‘.
*’ k Gulf of

lonlun

in

 

 

Police fire pellets into crowd of demonstrators in Berkeley, Calif.

Mines Abroad -
Shooting at Home

A month ago it seemed as if the war had vanished. But
then came the North Vietnamese offensive, the massive
bombings of Hanoi and Haiphong, major South Vietnamese
defeats the mining of North Vietnamese ports, and on
Tuesday, the shootings of two student demonstrators in
New Mexico. As a result, the biggest demonstrations since
the Cambodian invasion were building throughout the State
University system and the nation. Antiwar demonstrators
by the thousands clashed with police on campuses and
streets Wednesday, the protests reaching into the Capitol in
Washington, while lawmakers and governors joined in
criticism of President Nixon’s recent actions.

Here at Albany, several hundred PI’OteSting
students rallied at a bonfire last night and then marched to
"The Bank" on Western Avenue where rocks were thrown
and windows broken.

A march is planned at Draper Hall at noon today.

Across the rest of the state and the nation, reactions were
similar as demonstrations, protests, and violence spread.

A comprehensive roundup is in the centerfold.

National and international reactions to the escalations are
on page 2.

The latest reports on military action are on page 3.

And on page 6 are two different interpretations of the
events of the past few days.

     
 
  
  
 
     

 
 
   

 

 

