PAGE 14

THE NEW YES

by Eric Graeber

"Fragile": YES (ATLANTIC SD 7211)

The YES are masters at taking a number of song
ideas and melding them together into a sensible
unit. Interlocking patterns and reoccurring themes
are a big strain for most groups, but YES retain
their composure and somehow avoid the mumbo-
jumbo eclectic monster sound that is almost always
the result of efforts of this type.

By penning the lyrics to songs whose music has
already been devised, Jon Anderson can create
sentences that emphasiZe color and tone more thiin
meaning. Consequently he uses his smooth, delicate
voice as an additional instrument and by double and
triple tracking it, he becomes the most important
factor in shaping the elaborate mood that casts a
spell over the majority of the album.

The addition of Rick Wakemiin on various key-
board and electronic instruments has worked out
much better than I first anticipated. Wakeman had
been groomed for “super-star" status with his
former group, Strawbs, and could have easily upset
the delicate musical balance that the YES have
created, but on "Fragile" he slips comfortably into
place, and is no more important than any other
group member, In addition he can play instruments
that Tony Kaye had been reluctant to try: mello»
tron, synthesizer, and electric piano. His one indi-
vidual song, l‘Cans and Brahms," which is a vari—
ation of portions of Brahms' Alth Symphony in E
Minor Third Movement is acceptable as it compares
the sounds of some of the modern and traditional
instruments in a short fugue, which is in tune with
the musical emphasis in the rest of the album.

In “Roundabout,” all five members don different
masks and play specialized riffs which make surprise
appearances throughout. When Anderson sings the
“along the drifting cloud” verse, the organ, drums,
bass, and guitar are all playing different themes
concurrently and Anderson suddenly switches back
to the opening line at the climax of the verse. Such
diversity makes the song sound much shorter than
its eight and a half minute length and tricky little
nuances make it seem capable of continuing fora
good deal longer if the group had so wished. This is

 
  

UNCLA KNIGHT WALKETH ALONG
TO RELAX WITH SOME MALT,
WHEN HE SPIETH A REPTIHAN
APPENDAGE OF ODD DIMENSION.

    
     
 

. o  I
I: T) V
‘ .. 35

AND SEIZED BY THE THREE SIRENS
OF AMBITION,THE KNIGHT HfCAMf
AS ONT UNDER A SPEIL 

AND WHENCE HF PERt'lIVT i) II
THE [Al TtR PART OF A DRAGON
DREWHH FORTH IIIS SWORD

 

AND WAS TOLD THAT THE TUITION
FOR SUCH A WONDROUS
SCHOOLT; WAS 2 SIX-PACKS OI
SCHAU’ER TIFFRE

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

in part due to the decision not to push a riff past a
certain limit.

The feelings of cold and warmth are explored in
“South Side of the Sky," in which Wakeman and
Anderson are the key figures. The latter is mainly
responsible for the three marvelous change of paCes
that occur in each of the verses. The story line is
about two travellers lost in a cold, barren wasteland
and Wakeman's classical piano solo symbolizes the
desolation that all humans feel iit some time or
another in their life. Right on its heels is a vocal
passage which is a desperate plea for help. By the
time the song has been transformed into its original
structure, the shrill wind sound technique begins to
bear down too hard on the nerves, but this distracts
just slightly from the emotion in Anderson's voice
and Stch Howe's icicle sharp guitar.

, "Long Distance Runaround" is a nifty little ditty
that snaps directly into “The Fish," which is based
on the words schindleriii praematurus, and is played

IIIL [WAGON WITIll’h‘AWF TH
A SUMMIT 

WHEREUPON HIE BARGAIN WAS

HIS FIRST KINOLY lESSON, THAT
BEING l0 NAMl: HIS SWORD...

WHEN YOU’RE mm @213

a. lIIi'li‘l lIIi-wciii'-., law not .lllilAlilJIIy H '.

_________~_‘.\

 

WHENCT WITH MUFII AVID/vii”,

 

SEALED, AND THE KNIGHT RECEIVED

llilll.lriiili'. Mil , | i-Iiimi y.iIIi-y, l’

  

by four Chris Squire basses. Anderson most aptly
demonstrates his VoiCe-as-insl.rument technique as
Squ1re patterns the song in ever‘increasing layers.

Howe is an exceptional acoustic guitarist and his
Spanish solo, “Mood For ii Day "is exquisite but it
definitely feels way out of place, just as “The ClapH
did on the previous album. [ts sole purpose seems to
be as a buffer before the long, finale "Heart of the
Sunrise." It is here where the scheme that had been
so meticulously planned beforehand backfires. An
eerie Black Sabbath Halloween opening is pitted in
hand to hand combat against a soft, choir boy vocal.
“Heart of the Sunrise" is the one song where
Anderson is trying to get across a point by singing
from the gut and the struggle of the contrasting
musical styles tends to take away interest from his
effort. The result is a confusing piece.

But the YES‘ formula is musical, not mathematic-
al and they are entitled to a mistake onco iii a while.

0&4
Wifﬂooz:

 
 
 
  

 
 

"\nhﬁ
'4“¥TK@M N,
«IMPRESS FRIENDS/

evt '

   
  

‘BIG MON ,
.em WITH YOUR “AMOS,

 
   
   
  
    
   

“\
ASCROLLL lTlAT TAthlll I0tll)l.Y

OF A MARVFIOUS SFltOULTVWHl’Rf‘
Till [OW HFCAMF HIGH.

 

vt gun/via»

AND WllllST lHE I<N|(ilt| I’ONDERt Tll,
THE DRAGON RECEUE TH,T’ROVING ONCE
AGAIN TllE OIDADAGE THAT TO BE

A KING, ONE MUST FIRST HE A TOOLF.

 

 

 

w:

FEBRUARY 15. 1972
ijective Filmgoer:

Bed and Board

by Robert Verini

BED AND BOARD is Francois Truffaut's latest -- and, unhappily,
1m -- extension of the “Antoine Doinel" series which began with THE
400 BLOWS and continued through LOVE AT 20 and STOLEN
KISSES. The title is a rough translation (in France the film is called
DomClLE CONJUGAL, which means “the pi ‘ce where husband and
wife live") blit the ensuing Pun is apt: Antoine, now full-grown to
manhood, married and a father, is still the naive eccentric who rebels
against routine; he becomes “bored” with his “bed” and leaves his
lovely but rather proper wife Christine to begin a wacky affair with an
inscrutable Japanese beauty. In the end, however, a simple case of
need brings Antoine and Christine back together,pressmably forever.

The film is nothing more than a series of anecdotes ~ some comic,
some wistfully sad . built upon the thesis that the rewards of love are
greater than the demands - often harsh and restricting - love puts upon
us, and we might as well grin and bear it. in Truffaut's hands, his eye
for the vagaries of human relationships unerring, lhc film becomes a
memorable gem, warm and touching in its affection for an under-
standing of the principal characters. Leaud and Claude Jade (playing
Christine) are delightful, as are the many minor players in ii gallery of
amusing eccentrics. As usual in a Truffaut movie, we get a sense of
leisure on the director’s part no matter how frenetic the pacing; also
included are his many "
Nureyev, John Ford, and Laurel and Hardy. My immediate reaction is
that the film would fall apart in an iii-depth analysis; rather, enjoy it
as it hits you, a charming salute to humanity guided by a master
filmtmﬂkur Albany State Cinema deserves a great deal of l‘l‘l'(lll for
booking this enchanting picture; the Clipboard tclls [111‘ that llillcl
will be sponsoring it again next weekend. Don‘t miss It.

“in-jokes, tributes to his idols such as

#****

BlTS AND PIECES: Albany State Cincma's spring schcdulc is
chock-full of goodies, among them PA'l‘TON, M*A“S*ll, l“ANTASlA,
and lNVESTlGATION OF A CITIZEN ABOVE SUSl’l(Il()N. l.l“.(l.
has scheduled, among others, the powerful Ri-ni- (flcnii-nl classic
FORBIDDEN GAMES. Keep an eye on their sclicdulcs...ln the area,
the Delaware will be showing 'l‘lll‘I BOY li‘illl-INI) starling Wednesday;
the Circle Twins in Liitham will begin (‘ABARE’I‘, the (‘olonii- (‘cIIter
is reviving Disney's SONG OF THE SOUTH for one Wl‘t‘k only ,’l‘he
Hellman has THE liOSPl'l‘Ali, to bc l'iilliIWI-il by A ('l.T)('KWOllK
ORANGE and THE GODlt‘A'l'lll'IR. . 'l‘hc Acnilciiiy Award IioIiIIiIa~
tions will be announced on l“('l)l’LIlll’y 22ml. 1 llilll‘ Io siick my neck
out with predictions in this year of so many IiIIconIiIIoiIly l'iiii- films,
but it's a good Chance that the best picturi- iIoIIIini-i-s Wlll be. A
CLOCKWORK ORANGE, 'l'lll‘} LAST l’l("l'l'lll‘1 SHOW, li'llllllil'IR
ON THE ROOF, NltlllOLAS ANI) r\l.l‘i.\ NllllA. illlll THE
FRENCH CONNECTlON. ()thi-r priilnilIIi-s. (il'llt‘ llzii'kiIInIi, Malcolm
McDowell and 'l‘opiil for Best Actor, .lniii- Fonda, HlIIrII-y Mill‘litllllc
and Glenda Jackson for Bcst Aclri-ss, Iii-ii Johnson. (‘Ioris lit'ill'lllllilll,
Ellen Burstyn and Ann-Margret in supporting roli-x.

~"Y x

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by Dave Hirsch

Music Council presented one of
the most enjoyable concerts of
the year last Monday and about
seventyAfive people showed up to
hear it. Those who (lid come to
the Recital Hall to
American Music Group were ex-

hear the

posed to some very fine singing. ii
lot of fun and some sides of music
and of America that are very hard
to come by,

The American Music Group con
sists of about forty spirited singers
from the U. of Illinois at Cham-
pagne, by Dr. Neely
Bruce. They perform the works of

directed

such popular favorites as William
Billings, Anthony Phillip Heinrich
and Nehemiah Shumway. To an
audience whose previous acquaint-
ance with early American music
was mostly rcslriclcd to Stephen
Foster, they presented some great
surprises, and here and lll('l'l' some
Very good music, too.

The first half of lhc program
was ciiIircly dcvoIed to songs of
thc lcnipcrancc movcmciit. it's
hard not to be moved by inspiring
dittics such as “Vote for Home
and Mother" (Vote to saw llll‘lII

 

 

><><

Art Council

presents

Vishniac

 

 

will be held at 7:30
in the Art Gallery

)()()<3(3(3(

Roman ,

in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall X
'on Feb. 15 at 4:30 pm 3
An Opening Reception l

 

 

 

funded by student tax

 

 

'l‘lic (‘lIIldri'iI's 'l'lIciiII‘c Touring
l‘IIIsI-Inblc Will [Il‘l‘M‘lll lwo illlll'llh'
iniIITrI-i' pri-vn-ws of its current
pri'si'iiliilItin, vl‘lll'i l'iMl’l'illOll'S
Nl(ill'l'lN(iAl.l£ , on Thursday
.iIId Friday cvviiings (lfcb. l7~lh’l
ill H llll pm. In tlIc Sludio 'l'lica
trc, l’At‘

'l‘lii- l‘illsl'llllllt‘, now In Its llIlrd
semester of i-XIsti-Iicc, has III the
past prcsi-IIIi-Ii 'l'lll'i Yl'lliliOW
ltAlltill, l.ANl) ()l“ 'l'lll‘i DRA-

 

IRIDING CLUB
HORSE
SHOW

 

from saloons), “Tell Mother I'll
Vote Dry," “The Dead March of
the Saloons," and your favorite
and mine, "Bibles and Beer" (Oh,
mustn't the Heathen consider us
Queer] Sending them cargoes of
Bibles and Beer.) The music
matched the lyrics pretty nicely:
“The Temperance Drum" fea-
tured ii refrain lifted directly from
the William Tell Overture.

All of these were given a dead-
piin but very spirited rendition by
the Group. it's an excellent chor-
us, with beautiful sound good disci-
pline and tremendous Verve. The
highpoint of the evening, how<
ever, was a play, “Don’t marry a
Drunkard to Reform Him," which
dealt with the travails of poor
Emily, who, against the advice of
her wise friend Mary,
young Edwin Lang, even though
Edwin “partakcs of intoxicating
liquor," and, according to usually

marries

reliable sourccs, was "in a state of
incbriation last Thursday." Natur-
ally, Edwin becomes ii degenerate
drunkiird who throws out the
family and gets the D'I‘s some-
thing awl'ul. ’l‘hese antisocial ac-

lions send his poor starving little

  

Last semester's “Land of the Dragon

(KIN, iinii l'IVl'IllY KIND ()l"
'l'lllNU, llic procedure has been
to rehearse for four weeks, per-
form on campus, tlii-n tour four
days ii week to various cli-iIII-iiliiry
schools and daycare centers for
most of the sciiicslcr. The new
presentation, 'l‘llE liMl'l‘lltOlt'S
Nl(lll'l‘lN(lAl.E, has been written
and directed by Joseph Biill‘ior of
the ’l‘lii-zilrc faculty; much of the
script came out of lnlprl)VIM|lII)ll
among teenagers in the lll‘lll‘y
Strccl Hi-llleincnl III MiiiIlIiillan,
where lhis version of lhc Andor-
seii fairy talc was first presented.
The SUNYA production, with
choreography by Carlos Guzman

    

 

,PAGE 15

The AMG Performs!

child Freddy up to “Where the
Angels are" in a death scene that
rates with the funniest that grand
opera can offer. Finally, Edwin
sees the evil of his ways, gives up
the juice, and returns to what's
left of the family, and everybody
except Freddy lives sadder, but
wiser ever after. The cast gave it
every bit the performance it de-
served.

In the second half of the pro-
gram, the Group did more serious
work, including Charles Souths
gate's “Harmonia Sacra" and
Heinrich’s "Death of a Christian,"
both of which are very beautiful.
They didn't neglect the seamier
side of musical America either, as
two sang
Stephen Glover‘s "All Things are
Beautiful," from “A Shower of
Pearls," proving that bad taste

excelle nt soloists

knOWs no era.

The concert concluded with “A
Sacred Harp Singing," done in
authentic New England style. The
audience was asked to join them
on stage, and almost everyone did.
We all sang until we were hoarse,
and we had a great time doing it.
it was a hell of a concert.

See the Children’s Theatre

 

...solomon

and costumes by l‘ilainc Yokoyii-
ma, relics llt'ilVlly on Oi'iciiliil
theatre convn-nlions of costume.
Iniikciip, dance;
llll‘ rcsuli is it charming entertain-
mcnl for all ages.

This semester‘s ciiscinblc III-
eludes: Mitch Angel. Judy Berger,
Eleanor Freeman, Greg Hiiymcs.

ll]U\’\’lnl'lll 4||\(l

.loiIIi Kosby, Cheryl Matthews.
Roberta Murphy, Killllt'l‘lllt‘
O'Connor, Lucille Piiolillo, l’aul

Poorc, .Iaincl lliiflogiiinis, Sonya
Suarez, Robert Vt'l‘llll, and Dianc
Waterman. Remember. admis‘
sioii-I'rcc prcVIcws in the Studio
(Lab ll Theatre on Thursday and
Friday nights at H

 

 

 

 

 

Sunday,  .OOOOOOOWOWQOW‘J
. . $1 Donation buys a 0

February  l " yearly membership (I

1

l2200 - 4:00 i: I 0

i 0

Dutch Manor t: l 1:

i

Stables ; _ 1,
admission. FREE 3 com: nous: i4 mum sr. Atuiir 3
funded by student tax 1} W5 A" E Nag/"EZN gMéll’lgzﬂ $513 I”; fungi/Tr: :un Liz/f: A ’

nu

 

\~ is

 

