PAGE 16

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS >

FEBRUARY 18, 1972

“Steel Tower of the Year”

by l’a ul Bach man

One 01' the outstanding features of the Albany
State campus is its Witter towur, the victim of
sightseers and camera l'ans. Although we'Ve all
admired the aesthetics ol‘ this tower (ineidently, it
was once nominated “Steel Tower of the Year" by
the Ameri 'an institute of Architecture Magazine),
few of us realize the important functions and
aspects of this impressive dome. For starts, this
tower can tell time. Really, the dome houses the
speaker system for the carillon which really isn't
located on the tower afterall. Where is the, carillon
located and what is it all about?

 

Carillon: a set of fixed bells soun‘
ded by hammers controlled by a
keyboard.

 

 

 

During the construction of our new campus, the
alumni Association agreed to finaiiee the installment
of a Carillon l‘nr the enjoyment of all the ‘ampus.
NowI those alumni had ('ltiss heeatise they wanted
nothing but the best for our campus (and for the
eost of $25_()()() let's hope they got it.) The
carillon was manul‘aelured in California and during
the period at l967~btt was originally installed atop
Stuyvesant 'l'ower while the water toWer awaited
l'iniil completion. Althouin thi- rarillon sometimes
wakes us up in the morning or distiirhs those who
are attending t‘li " pity the inhabitants of Diiteli
Quad who moaned iii the tune ot‘ the lit a.m. hell
and rocked to some of the tunes ei-hoed from its
speakers. The earillon has lll‘l'll known to let rip
thlt such golden oldies as “When Johnny (‘oiiies
Mareliing Home Again" aiiil "llonii- SWt't'l llllllll'l"
t“| loini- HWeet Home" on eanipiis")

llut il‘ .5,th seems like an outlandish priee for .i
earillon, you might tlisi'oyer that Alhany Hlati- got
the hest ot' the bargain il‘ you note the i'oinplexities
and features of the tiiWei' taiid iiil'lation). As i said,
when you oliserVe the golden l'raini- on top of lllt'
tower, you only spot the It! speakers wliieh
broadcast the sounds from the earillon. 'l'hi- eai'illon
itself is housed in a room in the lei-lure i-eiiter
complex. At l'irsl gliiiiee. the i'ai‘illon is almost
iileiitiezil to an organ eoiisole Iliit what's so unique
ahout onr eai'illnii"

()ne t'eature ol~ this earillon eiialiles a person to
play a song in any key liy simply pri
levt s designated l'or tlial key For example, if one
Wishes to play a song \Vlllt'lt i-liiinges keys several
times throughout the eonipositiiin. he has only to
t'lip the appropriate lt'Vl‘I‘ Wltlt‘lt will .iiitoiiiatieally
Change the key into the desired one.

Not only Will the i'ai'illon i'liaiige key, but also, It
Will prodiiei- the appropriate liarnioiiious overtones
for i-iieh individual note that is played,

The system liy whieh the earilloii produi'i-s its
sound is tlllllt' Illlt'rl'ﬁlltlui li'or eat-h note there is .in
individual rod and hammer Wltlt'lt strikes to prodiiee
the desired el't'eet. 'l'hus, Wl' hear a line quality
sound whose volume is enlarged liy means of lti
iiinplil'iers totalling lititt watts. 'I'lie siiiiiid is then
relayed to the speakers atop the tower. Although
these speakers normally einit a quality of ttlltt‘
ealli-(l “symphonic.” tlii- i-arilloii :illiiivs one to
selt-et from l'harp," "i'eleste" (a higher [)llt‘llt'tl
harp), and “llourden Iii-ll“ ta regular liell tone).
'l'ogether this system eoniprisi-s one of the [in
installations in the eouiitry.

Drew llarlzell ot' the Miisie Department is the
(illit'iiil earilloiieur of Albany State and iiVi-rsei-s llII'
operations of the eiirillon. Although three girls are
presently learning to play the earillon (one has only
to flip a swtteh to keep the sound eoiil'ined to the
room), llartaell would like more people to volunteer
their talents, (anyone who can play an organ or
piano (.‘lln learn the eiirillon,) so that We eiiii hear the
carillon more often, However, '11- i'iirilloii is de

 

  

 

sing one of the

 

est

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

signed to play roles siinilar to those of a player
piano il' iioliody Wishes to play it manually.

When asked ahoiit the appropriateness .iiid relev
Home of the tunes whieh \vere l'oi'iiierly played.
Hart/.ell explained." in a piililii' universin it's very
important to lll’ non partisan exeepl on eei'taiii l'e st
days. In our everyday life, tunes devoid of politi iil
or religious eoiiiiotations are to he pret'i-reil." lliit
who knows, perhaps \ve'll soon hear a rendition of
“Itevoliition” liy tlii- Itealles periiiezitiiig from the
tower

   

Although the most interesting l‘uni'tioii ol' the
lower in liy t'in' the housing ol‘ part of the carillon
system, nevertheless. the tower provides si-Veral \‘tllll
services to the tillllpllh'. ll" ally, the lower .s a
reservoir l'oi' 200,0th gallons ol' water.

Waller ’l‘isdale, Assistant to the President l'or
Planning and Development, 'd sueli a reservoir is
needed to stiihliae the pressure for the water

 

 

 

 

distribution system for the eaiiiptis to provnle
enough pressure to drive water to the top ol‘ the
iiiiads in ease of a tire. During morning and evening
hours when water is at a peak, the water towvr
earries part of the hiirdeii ol' the demand.

Ho, if anybody has an urge to open the little door
at the base of the tower. make sure you're wearing a
liiitliing suit. llowr-ver, you really won't get wet
lll't‘

 

use the door is the eiitriiiii'e to :i very narrow
stairway whieh extends to the top of the towm’ II‘
iiiie ol‘ the speakers or lights ol' the lowvr evi-r
reiliiii'i-s servicing, the i‘i-pairiiiaii Will I’t'qllltl‘ the use
ol~ these stairs.

The next lllilt' you glaiii'i- .it the water tower.
i'oiiti-inplate not only the tummy of it, lint also the
l‘iiiii'lions of it, Al'ter doing so. you'll probably
arrivv at the eoneliision that eoine next i-leetioiis,
the water tower will liltt‘l' again he voted “Steel
Tower of the Year "

Am swwmmvm mm-

 

 

é

 

 

 

Vol. LIX

No. 10 Tuesday, February 22, 1972

 

Norman Mailer Speaks

in

In ierview With Cooke

NYC Anti War Conference
Slated for NextL Week

i

Ballroom ...page 16

and Stein...page 3

. . . centerfold

 

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

  

 

Photos by John Chow

,. I ‘(
.4" su'ﬁalk” h "I
M

  
     

 

 

