s“. ., a... a...“ \:._a

. .N.

 

 

 

  
    
 

    
 

   

 

twang.de n....._ a.

   

 

 

 

1heMWdIMmquMn
May 4-5-6

Next weekend. follow the lights in the sky.
to the grand opening of the Varsity Inn.
the Capital District's newest happening place.
The "V.|." . . . with a dance floor alive with a rainbow

of pulsating lights, big, beautiful drinks and gobs of parking.

The Varsity Inn where good times are an everytime thing,
Make it to the "V.|."

 

Route 155 (halfway between Rt. 5 and Rt. 20), Colonie

 

 

 

PAGE 16

Troclr 8099: and leaIry

Speak Out

by Bill Heller

in the ritzy atmosphere of the Rathskeller, John Quattrocchi,
Bemle Boggs, and Jack Leahy, and I talked a little about college
sports at Albany. For you “an-followers," Troch is captain of the
basketball squad, Bernie is football capi ]n, and Jack plays the
doubly important position of catcher and clean-up hitter for the
baseball nine. All three have exhibited mental and physical leadership
in their respective sports. The interview went something like this: ASP

ASP: With specific reference to "your" sport, what do you have to do
to pt mentally up for games?

TROCH : It's easy for me to get up for the first few games because
you work the hardest in the beginning of the season and are looking
forward to the actual competition.

BOGGS : For me, it takes a full week to get psyched for each game.
TROCH: We don't have a week between games, though.

LEAHY: When you play a continuous schedule (many games a week),
you obviously don’t have the time to get psyched for each game.

TROCH: Getting up for a game depends upon the team you’re
playing--it’s also an individual thing.

BOGGS: It's impossible to get everyone psyched for every game. What
helps is that. in college people are playing because they wan! tounot
like in high school where everyone is out to be a three-sport jock.

ASP: What influence does fan support, or lack of it, have on you?

80008: Size of the crowd isn't that noticeable to me, but it does
make a difference to team morale. However, it‘s more important what
the crowd does (loudness, awareness, etc.) than how big it is.

’I‘ROCH: It‘s of great importance when you’re losing or relinquishing
a big lead. A perfect example of its importance is our come from
behind win over Buffalo State.

LEAHY: Attendance is nil for baseball, but we get used to it. In
baseball here, you appreciate it but you don't expect it.

ASP: Let’s talk about leadership, then.

LE/Il-IY: You’ve got to keep everybody up, including yourself. You
have to always keep them in the game. My position dictates it.

[30008: You can't dog it when you‘re a captain. because you‘re the
ﬁrst one to be pointed at. If the captain‘s not giving a 100%, why

should anyone else? V .
Continued on page 17

 

   

MAKE IT WITH

MONA}! cu ‘
Nor-assures

SHAKESPEARE'S-

HAM

MONARG“
=norss=

Just cramming to get by Is
one thing. Actually learn-
ing the pertinent material—
quickiy and thoroughly—ls
quite another. That's why
so many good students use
Monarch Notes...ior
exams. papers. for accurate
reference. Over 1 .000 plays,
novels,shortstorles,poetry.
history, and works of phi-
losophy and economics.
Monarch otters the largest.
most authoritative selec-
tion oi notes and study
guides " “ today.

MONARCH NOTES $1.00 each (with a low exceptions)

EACH MONARCH NOTE CONTAINS: a concise biography
of the author. including a summary oi III his work. iniuoncos on his
writing, I comprehensive picture ol the intellectual climate in which
he lived. I I summary and critical analysis oi the work's structure.
including I thorough examination at characters. I review questions
with detailed answers. I annotated bibliographies. I suggested
topics for papers.

 

For a complete list a! Monarch Noise and Study Gu/dos,
coma In and see us

UNWWﬂBllkwkﬁae

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

APRIL 28, 1972

 

 

 

 

by Bill Heller

Led by pitcher-Captain Nick
Ascienzo, the Albany Danes
streaked to their fourth consecu-
tive win, by edging the R.P.I.
Engineers, 1-0. The Great Danes
now stand 6-3, while the En-
gineers fell to 2-2.

Ascienzo Ilterally'won the game
for himself, when he singled in the
winning run in the seventh. Vic
Giuilianelli opened the inning
with a double and Dan Deforest
hunted pinch runner Billy Hop-
kins over to third. Ascicnzo then
lined the winning hit over the
R.P.l. second baseman‘s head to
provide the difference. it was a
disappointing loss for R.P,I,'s
Doug Grose, who yielded just
three hits in his eight inning stint.
Perhaps, Ascienzo's greatest as-
set is his poise, which he demon-
strated dramatically three times.
In the ﬁfth, R.P.I. got runners on
first and third with two down; but
“Captain Nick” got Grose to
ground out. Finally, in the top of
the ninth, the Engineers got the

Happily, all year special

 

.wiirlllt .II

 

l

 

 

IScnd new It) Di] lm'rllr-i 'vi...‘ w, r , ,. iv- 1m v- v vi .vi Wv I 1‘ i this

I Iull rolor ionic: and M m um.» , [t ,. . _..n ,ii.. .,~_. .w, m- Hi I

l Navarr— _¥,,,_ AMW  A, _ _ ,_ . l

I Aiiiirsu.__.___, 777w,“ ____ _,___V W A _ , . , .__ l

i ......___,_,,  . .  , i
KEll‘SAKE DIAMUNI) lint-Ht um an, ark/w uni Ii r it'lllll

L _______________________ ___i

 

When you know it’s for keeps

be symbolized forever by your engagement and
wedding rings. It the name, Keepsake, is in the
ring and on the tag, you are assured oi fine quality
and lasting satisfaction, The engagement diamond
is perfect, of superb color, and precise out. Your
Keepsake Jeweler has a selection of many lovely
styles. He's in the yellow pages under “Jewelers.”

Keepsake“

REGISI’ERED DIAMOND RINGS

  

limp irom 3100 m “0.000 mu. Mus an A u, t’nnit Co
'— ————-———————————_——_—

HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDINGI

mm Nudge m

tying run to third after two were
out. Once again, Ascienze bore
down and got a fly out to preserve
the win.

In going the distance, Ascienzo

ran his record to 3-0 and his

scoreless string to twenty-six in-

nings. He scattered six hits, walk-
ed none, and fanned six, in what
the R.P.I. Coach called, “one of

the ﬁnest pitched games I‘ve seen
in along while.”

 

 

 

Dane Pups Gain First

by Karl Tyminski

The Albany J. V. logged their
ﬁrst victory by pummeling the
R.P.I. Engineers 8-3 Tuesday af-
ternoon.

The Danes wasted no time in
getting started when lead off bat-
ter Dave Cohn dropped a ball
down the third baseline and was
safe on the third buseman’s error.
Tom Lavingc walked and both
men came home on R.P.l.'s third
error giving Albany a 2-0. The

moments together will

ﬁghting engineers struck back in
the bottom of the inning with a
run.

In the third inning the Danes
put the game out of reach by
scoring three runs on a walk to
Dave Cohn, a double by Pete
Kalin and another double by Bob
Cavanaugh.

The Danes continued the attack
in the ﬁfth when Sam Mezansky
came around to score on another
R.P.I. error.

Again the Danes struck in the
sixth when Gary Rocco singled,
stole second and was driven in on
Tom Lavinge's single.

The topping was put on in the
ninth when the Danes scored still
another run.

This makes the Danes 1'5 and
gives Pete Kalin his first victory.
The big man for the Danes was
Gary Sussman who made base
every time he was up to bat.

lroch,Boggs
andLeahy

Continued from page

’l'Ii’()(.‘II: My responsibilities as captain are to transmit the coach's
orders.

LIE/t IIY: The captain is an ex tension of the coach.

ASI‘: How about the pressure of being the so-callcd “Mr. Dcpend~
able?”

“HUGS: I feel if I do everything to the bust of my ability, i'Il never be
on the spot.

LE/‘IIYZ You feel liki.l the whole load is on you. thn the rest of the
team performs the load is lessened.

[30008: The pressuro's there for everybody.
l.l'.'/tIIY: You Iliin‘ to have the confidence to do it.

'I'It'f)(.'ll: A seasoned athlete senses the pressure but never thinks
about it.

ROUGH: It all goes back to the practice-you han to be mentally and
physically prepare-(l

ulSI'I There have lnmn many stories of an upgrade of violence in
collgci- spurts. Docs that apply Ili‘l‘lt'.’

I.I'.'.'llll' 'l‘ln-rv's no net-(l for it at Albany Nolioily's fighting for
scholarships or ln-ing Willi‘lii‘il by pros

“HUGS You play llit‘ spnrl l'or lln- spurts hillfl‘

All. It's przwiii'nll‘,‘ non i-xrsii-iil lil‘i't'

Siickmen
Edge

Siena

by Bruce Maggin

The Albany State lacrosse team
bounced back from a defeat at the
hands of Brockport to beat Siena
College 4-3 in overtime Wednes-
day afternoon.

Albany Iost a tough game to
Brockport Inst Monday 8-6. This
was Albany's first loss in Northern
New York Division play since the
Danes joined the league. The loss
dropped Albany to second place
and lessened their chances of re-
peating as champs.

By defeating Siena, Albany now
has sweptits arch rival this year.We
have previously won football, bas-
ketball and baseball (2).

The stickmen could not get on
the score board in the first half
while Sicna was able to take a slim
one goal lead after two quarters.

in the third quarter both teams
traded goals, This left Albany
trailing 2-] going into the final
period but John Wilcox and Tom
Miller netted goals to tie the game
after regulation time.

In the clutch, co-captain Jeff
O'Donnell scored the game win-
nor,

Goalie ’l‘om l'ItPIStt'l‘ played an-
other fine game stopping 21 Sicna
shots.

’I‘omorrow afternoon, the Danes
lravcl to Gt‘iit‘st'tl In a must. game.
A loss here would all but elimin-
aiu the Dnncs from a league title,

 

 

    

.]

the Fall

 

APPLICATIONS FOR
WAIVERS

of the Student Activities Assessment for
Semester are now available in
rthe Student Association Office, CC 346.

Applications must be returned to the

Student Association Office by September 22

 

 

 

APRIL 28, I972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 17

  

