 

   
   
    
       
  
     
   
    
  
    
     
       
    
     
          
      
       
        
          
        
        
      
     
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
     
 

+

 

 

Gridders 591 Far
Crosstown Rival

by Bill Heller

As the home season draws to a
close tomorrow against arch-rival
Siena, one thing is apparent; it
isn’t going to be as easy, as it
should. Even‘ thopghnthe 'Dpnes
are 5-0-1 and Shah "thé'op'posite
(0-6-1), this gamé'vhas become
something of a tradition in this,
the third year of the series. In
each of the last two years,;_Al:"
bany has won an emotion-
packed, down-to-the-wire ball-
game. This one could prove to
be the same.

Reflecting upon where his ball
club is at this stage of the
season, Coach Ford frankly con-
fessed that he would liavetfound
it hard to believe his team would
be undefeated. Ford cites two
big reasons for Albany‘s huge
success so far: lack of serious
and lasting injuries and proven
bench help. As for key indivi-
duals in turning the season
around, Coach Ford lauds QB
.lolin Bertiizzi as the number one
man for his overall leadership in
directing the Wishbone-T He
also credits men like Ed Perka,
Bill Adams and McCoy Allister
on offense and Frank Villanova
Vinnie Pierce, and Jeff O'Donnell
on defense Really though, Ford
sees this as a team without stars,
but rather with indivrduals who

Lockluster

by Steven]. Kati.

The Albany State -l.V. soccer
team went on the road twit‘e last
week iii an attempt to register
their first victory of the season.
The change tn scenery did little
good however, as the Pups were
beaten twtr'c. The two games on
the road, one at Siena, the other

     
   
 

 

 

mm I'I'lz a} z aroma-in”

The Killer Weed

Sat. LC 18
7,9,1] p.m.

funded by student tax

 

 

 

PAGE TWELV E

h

always seem to rise to the occa‘
sion when needed in different
games.

The big problem tomorrow for
Albany could be looking past
Siena toward Plattsburgh and an
undefeated season. Ford is well
aware of this: “I'm doubly
afraid of looking past a team like
Siena. There's a lot riding on it.
If we win, it'll just be our sixth
"win, but a loss would really hurt
us in future scheduling and local
recruiting."

Pick
Albany 38
Siena l4

   

Ford's coaching staff has been
scouting the Indians for the last
six weeks What they'vr- seen up
to now is a team with problems
New head coach Dick llallnek
has been innovating to the at
most. and that may he his big-

at Union, simple added to the
frustration that has dominated
the :l V soccer team this si son
The fact that Albany was shut
out both times was indicative of
the poor play last week

The game at Siena on Saturday
was an uneventful affair The
Siena squad failed to impress but
the Dane l’iips i'oiildii't get
started and Albany lost it) An
extra liil of ~.peeil and .i few
good shots were the decisive
factors iii this contest of two
liglitWi-iglil teams

\N'ediiesdiiv's urllllt' at Union
had to be the lowpoiiit ol the

gest trouble. The best the In-
dians have been able to do this
year is tie Pace, a team Albany
handily shut out last week.

Defensively, Siena is extremely
big. They play a 4-4-3 and have
two excellent tackles in Martin
and Purcell. One of the key
matchups Saturday should be
Martin and guard Bill Adams.

Siena‘s offense has been two
completely different systems.
Originally they used a pro set
with ex-Clemsonite Charlie Taffe
at the helm. Taffe is a great
thrower, whose favorite targets
are fleet Anglum at split end and
King at flanker. But 'l‘affc wasn't
winning, so last week Coach
llallock went with Skip Ciirrk at
quarterback and put in the Wish-
bone-'1‘. The biggest threat here
would be running back l‘opo
Gonzales who was originally
wooed by the Danes themselves.
it looks like Siena could go with
either offense, something that
gives coaches ulcers.

The best thing Siena will have
going for it is that Albany is the
big Crosstown rival This could
lead to a psyelierl up perforin~
ance by the Indians and a close
game. Realistically, though, the
game should be no contest. lt's
hardly expected that the Danes
would let down now l’redictioii:
Albany ZlH-Hieiia l‘l.

Pups Drop Pair

shot. of the game. The ball was
almost continually in the Albany
end and over 32 minutes were to
elapse before Albany took its
first feeble shot on goal.

season for the J.V. hooters. The
l’iips couldn't do anything right
the entire game. Albany play
was listless and uninspired and a
charged-tip Union team was
quick to capitalize on Albany's
shortcomings.

The Union hooters played a
controlled game and they were
always in complete command as
indicated by the final score of
7-0. By the end of the game
Union had taken ovor :30 shots
on goal while Albany could man

The game quickly fell iiilo a
familiar pattern. Union mounted
a continuous assault on goalie
lleiiry ()bwald, taking over 20
shots in the first half. The score
stood ll 0 after only in minutes age only five
of play. Al the same time :\l~
baiiy had yet to take its first

Live Band in

0

Campus Center

tempts. llenry ()bwald, at goal
for Albany, was erratic, having a

 

personal high of 39 saves while
making a couple of costly mis-
takes at the same time.

It's been my habit in the past to

inject. a note of optimism into
my estimation of the team's play
regardless of the result of the
game. However, on Wednesday
there was a very little to be
pleased about in the face of our
lackluster performance. Coach
Maniecia‘s fine one-handed grab
of an otit of bounds shot was the
one highlight of what prth-d to
be Albany's most disappointing
game of the season.

Rathskeller

Saturday

Nov. 4 1972
9 pm - 1 am

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1972

. .. u t .44". swam-rt". r.“ —. "In". us." “"4. 1-,. . . . ».i ._. . . . . ..... .H... a "in a”... .w....aau-u..unn«

   

  

Booters' tarry Herzog For All American

by Nathan Salant

Believe it or not, despite the team’s poor mom-d
Albany has a\ slight chance to haVe its first All
American soccer player in Larry Herzog. In every
game this year, Herzog has done more than his job,
playing the toughest, most consistent, and best
soccer. by fat. than any Other Player. HE has drawn
praise from many soccer authorities, including
Oneonta's Garth Stram who thought he was one of
the better defensive players in the SUNY conference
and deﬁnitely the best player on the Albany squad,
Coaches from opposing teams have constantly re.
marked that Larry is some player. With this in mind,
as well as his being one of the cocaptains of the
soccer team, Herzog was cornered for this exclusive
interview.

QUESTION: Larry, the question everyone is
asking in Albany State is, what is wrong with the
soccer team? Why does it have such a poor record?

Herzog: To answer that question, I would like to
start by mentioning what’s right with the team
because many of the guys are doing the job, and
deserve some recognition. The team's strong point is
definitely its defense, which is obviously more than
adequate when one considers our lack of successful
offense which places so much pressure on our
fullbacks.

Our defense is as good as any team in the
SUNYAC with the exception of Ont-onta I think
we have proved it by our performances in tlie
Oneonta and New Paltz games. Our halfbaeks,
George Keleshian and Karl l-lacusing are higth
skilled; Leon Sedefian is also one of the better
skilled players on the team; and Cliff Walzer has got
to be one of the toughest wings in the game,

You wanted to know what’s wrong with the team.
Well, to begin with, I believe that a team with a
strong defense, a team with good offensive passing,
and a team that shoots well and knows when to
shoot, will win. Our basic problems have been a lack
of interaction between the offense and defense, and
a lack of ability to adjust to changes by other teams
during the game. I know that everyone is trying
hard, and that we all want to win, but we have not
had any breaks, and we have not been able to put it
all together.

QUESTION: Why has the Albany soccer teatii
been a poor one for the past few years‘.’

Ilarzog: Well, first of all, I want everyone to know
that the coaching is not the root of this problem
The guys all like the coach, and the losing has not
been his fault. The basic long range problems are a
lack of interest in athletics on the Ian of the
students and a very weak recruiti ig progran . Lets

.g‘ ’ It“ “a;

   
     

 
    

        
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
  

  

,.

 
 
       
     

LEARN THE ' N
COURTLY ART or

‘, TERPSI
. MCHORE

ONCE A DRAGON DID OFFER —
FOR THE COSTE OF TWO 6-PACKS
OF SCHAEFER DEERE-TO TEACH
A KNlGHT THE ART OF THE DANCE.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1972

be honest. How many A-average good soccer players
are there? Usually, the best players have a B or less,
and there is no way they can get into Albany,
except via EOP. The EOP program is the only kind
of semi-recruiting we have, and we have not had
much success there for the past few years-only one
or two players.

 

   

Albany not out for the team?

our chances of sweenine it?
in». u A ,v

ta

QUESTION: Why are so many soccer players at

Herzog: Lack of interest. The people in this school
are not interested in athletics. Every year we get
fewer and fewer guys out for the team, and I can see
it getting worse before it gets better

QUESTION: What effect does the size of the
crowd have on the team?

Herzog: For me, the size»of the crowd does not
matter. I go out there to win in front of 7, 115, or
8000 people. However, I know that a big crowd,
especially at home, would definitely stir up many of
the other guys. It's not that we don't go out to win
in front of 7 people, but you know that it's just
very different in front of a full house. Unfortunate-
ly, the fans do not come out, and in a way, I don't
blame them. After all, everyone loves a winner, and
the people usually come out to see a winner. But,
look at our football team. They're having a great
season, yet they don‘t come close to filling those
small bleachers by the Phys. Ed. building. People
here just don’t give a damn if their team is 5-0 or
178‘ I. This is a school where organized sports do not
fit into the lifestyle of the average student.

QUESTION: Larry, you probably know that you
have been receiving votes for All American rating.
What is your reaction?

Ilcrzog 'l‘ruthfully, I am surprised. I am not a
very skilled player. I have speed in my favor, but
that's about it. I am playing the game for enjoy-
ment, and if I wasn't on the varsity team, I’d be
playing intramural soccer. In other words, l am not
out for personal glory, but instead to play well and
WllT.

(QUESTION You have been shifted back and
forth from offense to defense; from inside to
fullback Which position do you prefer?

    

dlsnaw

Herzog: I believe that in any tournament the record can be thrown
aside; that any team can beat any other team. We have great spirit,
superior coaching, and, quite frankly, we have the definite potential
to beat any one of those teams.

To sum it up, I refer you to two quote made this year, one by
Coach Wingert, the other by many an opposing player:

Wiiigerl: “Larry is definitely one of the toughest and finest
dcfensemen playing college soccer this year. He gives his all,
ALL THE TlME!

Opposing players: Goddammit, who the "his that guy wearing
number 15'? Boy, he‘s something else out there.

He is something else. It's too had that we don‘t have eleven Larry
Herzogs out on that soccer field.

 

Ilr'rzog. I honestly prefer the inside offensive
position. To me, the most satisfying part of the
game is scoring a goal.

QUIfS'I'ION. Do you think that the defense is
greatly weakened when you are in the forward

Soccer Tourney Here

The first University Center day, followen by the champion-

posititin'.’ ‘

“"20” NO. Soccer Championships will be ship contest at noon.
(NWSTIUN Albany has the big unwary” center held ritﬁtiite University at A1- A trophy Will be presented to
tournament he“, this Friday and Sunday. “hm are bany l‘l‘l(ltly and hailirday (Nov. the team champion by ‘Neil
ltd). Competing Will be the tour Brown, dean for student affairs

 
 
 
 
 

  

 

AND THE KNIGHT DIDACCEPT
THE CHANCE TO IMPROVE HIS
SKltLS.

{33213303131110

sum-m Bluwuriui, New York and Atba‘iy. N V . ualirmmu. Mo , unrgn VltllY. P.

will play Albany, fourth-seeded
at pH 1‘ “I "m," Frian Al 2 the Stony Brook alumni associrr
[).lll,, second-seeded Bingliani l“’”
ton, 7 ll, and tliirdsceded
Stony llrook, :l-vl, Will clash. 'l‘lie
losers will play at 10 a.ni. Satur ﬁlm's

     
 
      

THUS HE ENTERED THE COURSE
AND PROCEDETH TO DANCE

University Centers of the SUNY at Albany. The Most Valuable
system: Albany, Binghamtoii, Player will reeeivv a plaque and
Buffalo, and Stony Brook.

his school will receive a trophy,
which will be rotated in turn to
gui‘l‘uh,‘ 5 g and [Up-sopdpd' the school of each succeeding
year's MVl' Jack (iuai'ncri of

will present the MVP
awards on behalf of the alumni
associations of the four llltht'f'

’ Discimrae—r—th'eDWorld on Your

SEMESTER AT SEA

Salts each September at February
Combine accredited study With
educational stops in Alrica, Aus
tralasra and the Orient, Over 5000
students lrom 450 campuses have
already experienced this interna-
tional program. A wtde range at
linancral aid IS available. Write
now for free catalog

WCA. Chapman College, Box CC40, Orange, Cat. 92666

 

/

AND ONCE AGAlN THE DRAGON
DANCETH THE KNIGHT AWAY...

  

mots

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THIRTEEN

  
  
     
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     

. man—N ‘

y
l

 

a w \Nav a: «4- ~
. "Ha r—. hr;‘b.»~ on. ms.»

I
.

~ A"; 

 

   

