   

NEWS BRIEF

 

INTERNATIONAL

SAIGON AP ~ “The U.S. Army's strength in
Vietnam dropped to below 100,000 last week for
the first time in more than six years, and total
American military strength fell to 133,700. the U.S.
Command announced today.

The weekly U,S. strength summary said that last
Thursday the American force included 99,700
Army, 26,600 Air Force, 6,800 Navy, 500 Marines
and 100 Coast Guard.

Army strength the previous week was l02,300
men.

The total of 133,700 represented a reduction of
2,800 troops during the week.

CALCUT’I‘A AP - Prime Minister Indira Gandhi
handed over $147 million worth oftmmport and
other aid today to Prime Minister Mujibur Ruhman
of Bangladesh to meet immediate and pressing needs
of his new nation.

The gifts included 50 jeeps, 136 ambulances and
800 trucks. Each truck contained 200 bags of
powdered milk.

The formal presentation followed the two prime
ministers' second round of talks in the gDVernor's
palace. Mujib arriVed in Calcutta Sunday for a
two-day visit with Mrs. Gandhi.

Meanwhile, President Zulfikiir Ali Bhutto of Pakis-
tan sent a message to all heads of state, including
Mujib, charging that thc non-Bengali poptilatioii in
Bangladesh is threatened "as ii result of planned
retaliation and reprisals by armed personnel." The
message called on the heads of state to take "actch
cognizance of the starvation and stop atrocities and
killings of innoCcnt people. "

NEWRY, Northern Ireland AP A ProRoman (lath~
olic demonstrators estimated to number 20,000,
marched down Newry's streets in an illegal parade
Sunday but averted a clash With British troops by
switching their route at the last minute.

With tiny deﬁant Bernadette Devlin in the lead,
the silent marchers headed down a hill toward
Newry's city center An armed camp bristling with
Northern Irish police and 3,000 combat-ready Bri-
tish troops awaited thcm.

Hanging ovur the procession was the incmory of
III civilians killed in a street fight With British
soldiers in Loiidondi-rry on last week's “Bloody
Sunday.“

NATIONAL

WASHINGTON AP Sen. Edward M Kennedy
D-Mass announced Sunday a Senate subcommittee
will hold hcarings oii Sclcctivc Service procedures
and on the possibility of granting amnesty to draft
cvadors through administrativv procedures,

Kennedy, who heads thc sub-committee on adiniir
istrative practice and procedures, sand lIlI‘ pant-l Wlll
held three days of hearings lit-ginning Feb. 28

TAMPA. Fl. AP New York Mayor John
Lindsay attacked Aliibiimii Iiov (ii-orgc Wallace's
“phony populism" at an outdoor rally attracting it
croth of predoituiiaiilly young people csliiiialcd by
police at 10,000

Lindsay, appearing on a program thll popular
folk-rock singcr Ilicliic II.t\’|'ll\, drt-w boos when he
told the youths

"’I'hc pumdits are saying that you won't vote, that
you can't change anything and that this slalc is
going to go the way of Wallacc itll_\'\\':l\' "

Then he said Florida would be the first slillc to
make a (‘I\(llt‘t‘, "to I‘I‘plllIIillt' Wallacisin and what ll
stands for Wallace has a pioiiy populism if I I'Vl'l'
say one," Lindsay added about his fellow cam
piiigiier for the l)ciiiocratic pri-sidcntiiil nomination

STATE

I’I‘llAt'A, N Y .-\P
campus security police cliisbcd in .i shoring match
Monday outside it (‘orncll University building where
IloncyWell (‘orp recruiters were holding Job inter
views.

The I20 deininstriiuirs contended that IIIillI‘\'\\'|'Il
iniikea II variety ot antipersonnel wr-iipons, including
boinblets, giia Iioiiib and tune dcbiy fuses, used by
the U.S. military in Southeast Asia

More than bill the iictiVisis, some ot wboin
identified themselves as members of the ('oinniitlci-
to End Cornell War Coinplicily. marched from
Carpenter Hall to tho Stlitlcr lIiiIl dining room.
where the recrmturs Were liinching

Anti war dcinoiistialon .oiil

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

"Gee, just think...a whole generation of
peace—~and all we have to do is invade..."

Believe It Or

Not

War Of The Worlds Revisited

I.()S ANGELES (AI’)~ Phones rang cra'Lily in
police and sheriff‘s offices, anxious callers saying
they heard the western United States and Canada
had stink into the sea.

As mystified law enforcement officers listened,
about 50 callers described how earthquake triggered
by tlic rcccnl Amcliitka atomic test had devastated
Alaska, Tokyo and lIic western coast of North
America.

Everything from Alaska to Siiiita Barbara, (‘.a|il'.,
was under water, the callers said Sunday.

Most of the callers said they hiid hc 'tl about the
disaster on radio (inc finally gavv the . alioii's call

Narcs

 

 

(‘AI’IC KENNEDY, I"|a AI’ - Marijuana aiirl
opium poppy growers soon l'iill vtctiiii to the space
iiiirc - :ui orbiting satellite capable of detecting drug
ficlils from 100 miles up

An cuth rcsoiirccs satellite scheduled for launch
iiig Ill May or June could provide the first cvnlciici-
wlicthcr the nlca is fcasililc The US. 'l'rcasnry
|)cp.irtiiicnt's Iiiircau of Narcotics and Dangerous
Drugs is spending about $2 million dollars to find
out

'I'ht- inoiicy \vill pay for .i one year project aimed
.it dctci‘iiiiiiiiig the peculiar "signature" of tlic
iii.iriin.iii.i pliiiil \tt Ili.it largc crops of it around [In-

letters.

A check showed that KI’PCI‘M in suburban
Pasadena had Just aired a two~bour siiniilait-d
newscast depicting a disaster caused by the Ain
chitka test.

Most of the callers Iiad missed an announcement
at the start and finish which told listi-iii-rs II nuts all
fiction,

The announcement has been required by the
Federal (.‘oinmunicalions (.‘oininission sinci- |‘.I'.~
Orson Welles' famed radio rc creation of It (i \Vt‘lh'
“War of the Worlds" alarincd the nation

in Space

world can be dctccli-(I by rcmotc sensing (Il'\‘lt‘i'\ Ill
sali‘llilcs

The signature is the pattern by which .i planl
ri-I'lccts Iicat and light during various pliasm oI
growth and under different \tIII and i'lllllitlc t'llIItll
litiiis.

I)i' llobcrt Millcr of thc Agriculture I)|'[l.lllll|l'lll
which is cooperating in tlic protect. said (how laugc
ficlds of marijuana WIII bc grown for IIlt' iml

simulating different soils and cliiiialcs of Illl‘ \\t||ltl
He said they probably would bc localcd lll I"\.l\
\Vllll .i iiiodi-ratc cliiiiatc; lIlt' Ari/oni- (It'\l'll .uid

warm, inoisi Florida

 

 

APPLICATIONS FOR
WAIVERS

of the Student Activities Assessment for
the Spring Semester are now available in
the Student Association Office, CC 346.

Applications must be returned to the

Student Association Office by February 14'“

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARYB, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5

 

What Happened

“All is changed, changer! utterly,
A terrible beauty is born."

*WJ}. Yeats

on the [Custer 19H} massacre of
Irish patriots by the British.

DERRY. Northern Ireland
(LNS) - “MURDER!” “MASSA~
CRE‘." "SAVAGERY!" -- and
finally “REVENGE!” 'I‘hc angry
cries of an entire community
faced with 13 dead people —
thirteen bodies lying on the
streets of Derry in pools of their
own and their brothers’ blood,
They were shot down on Sunday,
January 30, by British paratroop-
crs determined to break up a
demonstration of more than
20,000 people protesting the in-
ternment of 800 people without
trial by the Britiin army in North-
crn Ireland.

Sixteen others were wounded,
one of whom later died, raising
the toll to II

As Monday dawned cold .iiid
snowy, the rage took lIic form of
action. ()ncr- again the streets of
Berry and Belfast witncsscd hit~
and-run assaults on businesses in
the downtown shopping arms.

The Sunday massacre was thc
worst siiiglc incident in tlic .‘l-ycar
civil rights struggle that has ri-sult
I‘ll in 218 deaths so far the
majority of thcm ('alliolics the
l I dcaths mark the ltiriimg point.
Many on botli sitlcsiiri- prcdicting
that the filial line between peace
and \\.il has I)t't'll crossed.

.\|'i tub I | pcoplc \vcrc killed
on August | I, I‘ll I, thc day after
lIlt' policy of iiilcriiiiicnt was an
Iltlllltt't'll, sonic ol' lIItl\l' wt-ri-
Iirilisli troops .-\tl(I, iiiost of those
iii-.itlis \vci'c thc result of sliiiggli-
lll lIll‘ \ti'ccts of Iicll'asl

20,000 (iillllt‘l'

(lii "Iilooily Sunday" tlic .\Ill|
atioii was different Nearly 120,000
pt-oph- Iiiitl gathcrcil fora pcaccful
protcst against lIlI' iiitci'iiiiicnt
policics and other ri-prcssivi- lcgis
lalioii And thouin lIic march and
rally ilcl'icil thc govcriiniciit ban
on all dciiionstrations, the express
policy of the Northcrii Ircland
(‘ii'il Itiglils Association (NIt‘IIAl

l

r A_career in law...
Without law school.

When you become a Lawyers Assnstnnt.
you'll do w0ik traditionally dono by lawyers

In Northern Ireland?

was to avoid violence. Many feel
that in this case there was no
struggle, only slaughter.

The first bullets hit the wall
behind the speakers’ platform,
and the speakers, including Berna-
dette Devlin, Member of Piirliii-
ment from Ulster, iind Lord
Brockaway, English lord and sup
porter of the civil rights move-
ment, threw themselves down on
the platform. The thousands of
others in the crowd scattered in a
vain attempt to excape.

Some tried to help the wounded
and were shot down. “I threw
myself on my face and crawled
back to the wounded boy. I gave
him the last rites of the church
and then lay beside him. I don't.
know how long the firing lasted
but it seemed like ages. Thcy shot
indiscriminately and cVerywhcrc
around them without any provo-
cation," said the Rev. Edward
Daley.

An observer to thc tilt'tllL‘lII
examiner's autopsies reported that
al lcast I of tlic dcad had been
shot in thc back W witnc"
including Mrs. Bridgiut Barnes,
Nlt‘lIA ll'iNlt'I' Ill Derry, report
sr-cing llritisb troops linc four
young mcn up against the wall in
a scarch position null then shoot
thi-iii in the back, Another older
man walkcd toward tbi- troops
Wllll his hands abovr- his head in
stirrciidcr and was gunned down.

Spokcsincn for thc arniy claim
that tlicy were shot at first yct
they can produce no weapons in
cvidi-iici- 'I‘hcy insist that thc
shots came from tho rooftop of ii
row of apartments. Iliit if thc
troops had Ilt't‘ll i'ctiiriiiiig sniper

 

liri- their shots would haw- i'Illlll‘
iioulii-rc llt'ttl' llic crowd, \\ll|t‘l1
was \vi-ll out of lIic lllll'
lhc roof and tliil troops
Whili- “Illoody Suiidiii.‘ in» g II
vain/.cil the rage ol IIII' ( .illiolics
Ill Northern Ireland oiici- igaiii, it

v-"\\'I'cil

plays between the leaders of the
Protestant Unionists and the rul-
ers of Great Britain. When the
southern sectors of Ireland, which
are 95% Catholic, won their inde-
pendence in l921, the dominant
Protestants of the north were
handed the northern six counties
of the area in exchange for sup-
porting thc Conservative party in
the British Parliament as well as
allowing a free hand for British
capitalists in the area.

The losers in this deal of course
were the poor — but especially the
Catholics, a minority in the North
by (lint of the fact that they lived
in the wrong counties. And while
they get the worst of it by far, no
one is really doing all that well in
Northern Ireland ‘ no one that is
excr-pt American and British in-
vestors who are attracted by the
low labor costs and large "float-
ing" labor supply,

Right now, per capitii income in
Northern Ireland is $l,267 —
While the rest of (iri-at Britain
shows an income of $1,573. There
is tl 8.7"4 ratc of unemployment
compared to Britain's 3.7"} rate of
unemployman 'I‘hc brunt of Iliis
poverty is boruc by the ('atholics
-— although there arc poor l’roti-s
tools as well, But the I’roti-stants
can at least count on getting what
jobs tlicrc .ii c sincc job discriinina
lion against l‘alliolics is it way of
life.

The I’rotcstaiit poor also gcl
first " at housing and other
“priVIli-gcs" accessible 'o the
Workers.

 

()rgaiii/cd

NI('IlA orgaiii'lcd itself against
these conditions in I‘Jtitl Siiicc
that liiiic they have coiidiii‘tcd it
ciiiiipiiigii of civil disobcilicncc
which has lilkl‘li the form of
iiiai'chcs, vigils, occupation of
public buildings and a iiiassivc
rciit strike by over 30,000 l'aini
lics. 'I'hi- gtWt'l'llllIl'IlI has respond-

is anger of ycui's of suppression ed to tlicsc actions not by

[hill is being \’tll(‘t‘tI.
History of Abuse
Ibscriniiiiatloii against ('ntholics
Ill Northern Ireland grows out of
a long history of political powr-r

l
l
l
l
l

w0ik which IS challenging, iosponSIblc l
and intellectually stimulating Lawyer's i
Asmsttints are now so critically needed that
The Institute lor Paralegal Training can I
ollt-i you a pOSIIlOIl in the City ol your chotce

and it higher starting salaiy than you'd l
export as a recent college graduate. Here l
IS .i carrier as a prolessronal With linnncial l
ithiids that inrticasc With your developing ‘

t‘XlellSt-E

It you am a student ol high academic
standing and am interested in a legal
camoi. come spunk With our topiesenlnlive

Contact the Placement Ollice.
A representative of The Institulc
wull VISll your campus on

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22 l

M)” it tho above date is

lIllIitIlvt'llltllIl lot you

oli-asi- i.iIl oi With) the Institute lUl inloiinatioii

The institute for
Paralegal Training

ism llooi 401 Walnut St. Phtln. Pa l9106

l2l5) WA 5-0905

 

releasing the iiilcriici-s as the rlemr
oiislrators tli-niaiiilcd, but by pass
on: new rcprcssivc legislation.

(bo- law forbids lIic occupation
of public buildings lllltI another
lllc Repayment of Debt Act
pi-rniits Illl' government to put
Iii-us on wages, \vi-lfarc bcni-fits,
inalcriiity and disability grants in
order locolli-ct money from farm
lies on rent strikes

So t'l\ il disohi-dii-ncc has
brought iiiiiny l'aiiiilii-s up against
thi' siiiiic ri-prcssivc apparatus lllnl
Illt' Irish Itcpiibhcaii Army tlIIAl
has Iii-cu Iiiittliiig for the past

,. koblcnr.

@ - nge blossom

jcwclcrs

wﬂ/l/(k' \ Wilma

 

 

/
/:\ ﬂ

 

several years. The IRA had Played
a major role in the successful
independence struggle that result-
ed in the Republic of Ireland.
Revitalized in the mid-sixties, it
has been operating alongside
NICRA. As a military-political
organization, they have engaged in
armed struggles against the Britv
ish. Characterized in the U.S.
press as "terrorists," they are seen
by many of the people in their
communities as he counter-threat
to British Army terror — when
British troops enter an area, peo-
ple turn out in the street to bang
out a loud warning to IRA people.

The IRA was the first target of
the internment campaign. Since
ast August when the internment
policy was instituted, II has be-
come common to see British pa-
trols picking up peoples off the
streets and in their homes, taking
lhcni to concentration camps
where they can be held without
charge or trial indefinitely.

At first IRA men were the tar-
gcts. But as the civil disobedience
campaign has mounted in intcn-
sitv, many of its participants havrl
found themselves in the same
boat. It was the internment policy
especially that prompted the mas-
sive marches during January and
finally ended in It deaths on
Sunday, Jan. Jill.

In the week followtiig llic massa»
crc a wave ol Anti IIritish sciiti-
iiiciit swopt throughout Northern
Irclaiiil and tIthll into Ilic llcpub-
lic of Ireland as Well. 'I‘hc gcncral-
lv conciliatory l)u|i|iii govcrnmciil
iccalli-d its Aiiibassiidor to Britain
on Monday. It was clear lichVcr,
on \‘Vi-ilncsdiiy, that thc people of
the Iii-public did't feel that (his
gcsturi- was enough, cspccially
wlicii II was with lIic threat. of a
grcatcr crackdown on the IIIA by
lIcpiiblic President .lack Lynch.

Burn it to the (iround

In an Int't't'tllldc display of anger,
more than 30,000 people gathcrcd
iii front of the British embassy in
Dublin and burned it to the
ground. The 200 Irish police
could do nothing as the crowd
prchntcd lIic fire trucks from
reaching the $250,000 (icorgiiiii
mansion.

Strikes shut down industries and
busiiii-ss s throughout the North
and South. A gciici'iil slrikc iii the
north was supported I00") by lIic
iiiiiiorily population, accordingI to
Ivan Ilai'r, t'liaii'nian of Nlt‘ItA.
'I'clcplionc operators rcfiiscd to
piil calls throuin to Iiritaln.

Ilockwoi'kcrs in Irish ports and

i

v

 

 

 

 

«I

‘P/WMI/A/éw'rt we?!”

239 CENTRAL AVENUE
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12206
518 4348444

 

 

in Australia as well refused to
unload British ships. Many factory
workers refused to show up for
work as a sign of their protest.

More violent forms of protest
can be expected. “There is only
hatred in our hearts now," said
Daniel Doherty, a 42-year-old
telephone engineer. “If every
Catholic in Derry was given a gun
today he would join the IRA."

Violence even hit a meeting of
the British Parliament. Bernadette
Devlin rushed the podium and
attacked British Home Secretary
Reginald Maudling as he defended
the performance of the paratroop-
ers. He had refused to let her
speak although she had been an
eyewitness to the massacre. She
threw herself on him and began
scratching his face and tearing at
his hair all the while calling him a
“murdering liar." Later she said
she was “sorry - sorry I didn’t get
him by the throat."

Although Bernadette is an activ-
ist leader, her sentiments were
cchoctl by the people in the
streets. l‘l am not a violent per-
son. Before Sunday, a life was a
life and I didn't care whether it
was Catholic or Protestant or Brit-
ish or what. But now if they
cxeculcd Ill British soldiers every
morning until doomsday it
wouldn't bother me," said Mrs.
Elizabeth Campbell who had
watched the shootings from her
window in thc nearby apartments.

Better or Worse?

As tlic days p the anger
seems to settle deeper and harden.
Many seem to feel that things will
get Woi-..i-, perhaps broadening in
to civil war if thc Protestants
resume their active rolc in the
struggle with the minority. The
Provincial govr-rnment and the
British had hoped to forestall this
by promising to crack down on
’l‘c Catholics in return for cooper-
ation in “keeping the peace" from
the Protestants:

But all indications are that the
task will ludccd be difficult. What
began as a civil rights struggle may
yet becomi- a civil war, but for an
increasing number of people, it
has iilrcatly become a war for
independence. They won't give it
up easily. As one ell-ycarvole me-
chanic rcmarkcd, “'l‘bc innocent
were slaughtered on Sunday.
We‘re going to avenge that
slaughter."

 

 

l/cr Htl/IIL' l\ .‘I/llll't’tll-It'
lllltl .\‘/Il' rit/i'x Ilic
t-riniwu .r/ic/i'cx.
.-lII‘I' you know Iliill _i'ou
can 'I I't‘llt'll llt'l‘
lici'rlui'c .i'lIc Iouc/icx
lllt' i/ixmnl .i-mitl,
Ramon

 

student
assistants
wanted

Applications for positions
as Student assistants in the
Campus Center for the
Summer and Fall of 1972
are now available in Room
137 of the Campus Center.
Application: must be sub
mined by March 1, 1972.

 

 

 

   

 
   
     
 
      
       
               
            
            

   
  
     
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
  

