 

 

PAGE 20

Culture :

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

...polluel¢ '

Alive and Well

on Western Ave.

by Mitchel Zoler
An ASP Feature
The typical student's knowledge
of what lurks on Western Avenue
between Dunkin Donuts and Stuy-
vesant Plaza is scanty at best. This
is unfortunate since on a dusty,
dirt road off Western lies what
must be one of the most unknown
gems of culture and quaintness
that exist in Albany, the Bryn
Mawr book shop.

When the door is opened. one is
immediately faced with a cramped
vestibule whose walls are lined
with the shop‘s paperback collec-
tion. A foreshadowing of the e. -
tensiveness of the books available
is given here, where. in just this
limited area, books ranging from
Shake 'peare, science fiction, bio-
graphies, and bridge rules can he
found.

I

But the true hook coniioiseiir
doesn't I ‘ll complete fulfillment
until his eyes focus upon the mam
room with its liardcoVer treasures,
At this he leaps into the fiction
area and from there he goes rac
ing. with eye blurring speed.
down aisles containing science
books. history. iild records. child
i'i-n‘s books. first cdilioiis.....

He is now starting to pant from
exhaustion. but Just then he spots

FSA Ask

   

o
a

 

liy LS. Fliniii
.rlu .rl.\'/’ I'i'tilirrc

Since opening in ltltin‘.
HUNYA's (lampus (‘enter food
service opcratioiis have lost
$670.81”. Food Service and Far-
ulty Student Association manage
ment are also at a loss to explain
exactly where, why and how
much each food operation In the
(lampus (lentcr contributed to ilic
$607,837 losses.

The operations in question are
the. Campus Center Cafeteria.
Snack-bar, l’atroon Room, and
Special Functions (catered food
service i-Vi-nts).

the stairs leading to the famous
Bryn Mawr basement (where a
box full of books cost only one
dollar. Taking two steps at a time
he descends into the bowels of the
earth, pausing only to choose the
largest box available, and then
attacking the dust-covered stacks
as if they were about in be
snatched up by a botlk‘fl'l‘tlk coin~
petitioi' (in truth our hero's only
competitor at. the time was his
own traveling companion.)

Copies of Melville, Shaw. Bacon.
Dumas go flying toward the cen-
trally located box, some reaching
their destination, some not. A
long sought issue of National (,‘co
graphic is found. Finally alll ener»
gy has been consumed in this one
nova like burst, 'l‘lic boxes are. in
one way or another, pulled up-
stairs. Wcarily, their owner slump
toward the shop's proprietors to
determine what this store is all

 

 

about'

'l‘hey opened in illllll' of ltitin‘
and haVc iniiilc profits in lllt' range
of $lti.tttltl per year since then
All money taken iii. aside from
rent and instiraiicc costs. is given
to the Regional Schol. ship l“llll(l
of liryii t\lawi' ('ollegc The opera
tioii has provcn so successful that
other Alumni of t'amliridgc and
on the Ilryii I\l;iwr campus (iiciii

 

Philadelphia) have opened shops
along with one that soon will
open in New Haven. Alumni of
other colleges have also gone into
the book selling business, notably
Vasscr.

'l‘wclvc alumni from the area,
along with three friends work on a
purely voluntary basis along with
two employed hiin school stu-
dents. 'l‘he alumni range in age
from the class of inlet through
llltiH, the older ones lending to be
in during the day while the young-
er ones come in during the even-
ing. The proprietors have in-
creased their knowledge of books
greatly during the past ten years
(by taking the course in rare
books at HllN‘i’A. for example)
and have ‘ .iehcd a level of sophis
tication hiin enough lliat they
also do lll)l)l'.tl\ill\ of private col-

 

lcctions.

Alas. the $1 hm, of books deal
that l iiicniiii'iwl t‘.tl'llt‘|’ is no
longer in effect since II was used
as a quick method of getting rid
of stock that wa Mei-flowing
eicn lllt'll‘ spiit'liitis shop Ho at lllt'
moment their collection oi about
ltlti,titttt books range from .iii cx
ccllclit price of ten cents .ipicce
(this applies to lllt' wide selection
of l)t|t)l\\ .ind magaLiiics in lllt‘ll'
baseman to not usually more

than ‘5" Sets .iiid some uiiusu.ill\

 
 
 

rare books do, of course, run
higher. The highest price ever
fetched by one of their books was
$370 for a copy of the first
collection ever published by
Robert l“l‘t)sl, 'l‘hc tildcs‘l book
they had was a French medical
hook circa lfitlti 1308 (although
the date is unsure. it was verified
by the lli'itisli Museum to be older
than the museum's own copy
which was from lz'iltl )

This copy has since liecii \ttltl
lHll llll' walls of the shop are
routinely lined with many lllllllyx
dating truth the lh‘ttti's, the oldest
one 1 loiiiid was dated lHttT .\iid
ll \vtilini lli|\ that the shop s ll'llt'
lit-.iuty lics It I\ truly .i browser's

paradise (there are no off-limit
areas in the entire shop] and for
.inyonc who is fascinated with the
quality. bcaiity or inst agc ot on!
hooks. or Is ititi'i'csteil iii Ioi'iiiiiie
a collection of good liiil t'llt‘llii
books. this shop is definitely
worth onc .Ilit'lllttltlll’x tiip

llryn .\l.iwr lliiok Hlion
tliii- .'\it'.ttll.l .'\\l'|l|ll'
Albany New York I'IL’H‘.

ln'J ' iilll

 

lllllll‘\

\\'cilnc\tl:i\s lit to 1 Hi
'l'litirsilays lit ill ‘I ll“
Finlay». Io .ltll to

(b to. appointment

ere Has All The Money Gone?

A New York State audit of FHA
hooks, completed Ill ltttih‘, reconi
Iiicudcd that records should be
kept separately for each food mill
in the t‘ainpus ('cnter FHA has
only this (lt‘ltlllt‘l’ broken down
the operational costs separately
incurred by each food unit NYS
auditors reason lllill separate ill"
counting for each food unit will
enable the operating efficiency of
each unit to be determined prc
cisely so that nccdcd changes in
operating procedures can be made
on a timely basis."

When questioned why separate
accounting of each Fond Hcrvtce

iiiiit in tlic ('aiiipus t'entci' li.id
ncicr lii-cii done. liolici't ('oolcy.
FSA's t'\t't'ltll\’t' director replied.
“Separate accounting wnultl lic
ltiii i‘iislly H

Willi losses exceeding $232.tltlll
m lll7l. it would appear that an
curly corrcction of tlicsc liisscs
would more than offset ac:
counting and clerical costs needed
to keep the books for the ( .impus
Center.

In an effort to alleviate the huge
deficit in thc (‘ampiis t3ciitcr,
llonald (llough. director of the
('iimpus (‘ciiler food operations,
has cut the full time personnel in

 

 

 

7?

Q: Why does FSA serve you
disgusting food (veal patties. pol
pies. etc.) on Saturday iiiglits'.’

A: To stimulate business for the
l’atroou Room'.

 

 

511/2310.

.(pcit'zootz c/\)oonz

 

 

Ahead for (java

Choice Top Sirloin of Beef — Bouquetiere
Thick Tender Steak,
Served with Duchesse Potatoes & Vegetables

$8.00

Broiled to your Toste

 

 

Broiled Lobster Tails —
Petit Filel Mignon —-

$6.95

 

 

CS‘LLZ/ am! [jtt'lf

L____.___.—A... 777.. A. .W. #7,. 7, .

Lemon Butter

Demi Glace dinner.

 

FSA gives you a break. though.
You get $1.50 off per person per

better than quad food.

l’titrooii food mu." he

 

 

 

thc t'.i|cli-riii li'tiiii lit) to It \tlli‘l'
«liltlt' There has liccn no apparent
loss ol service despite this iitl’r ciil
in personnel Additional cuts lltin‘
also lll'l‘ll executed in st udcni lielp
hours

l7.l‘.l’/'l, ti.i\c liccn llllll] .l.i 1.).
last \cai \ aim-ages for llll.\ period
were oitl\ :17! .l.'» Also. prices have
been increased l’ati'oon ltoo

ciiiployccs coiitciiil that more

 

An on-Iocation cost study

completed by FSA.shows the

 

for the month of October,

Patroon Room losing $3.294

 

 

Malt-om (Torbicy. Food Servn'c
llirector. ordered the closing of
the l’ati'ooii Itoom dinner boiir
barely four weeks ago. “'l'lie clos
tug of the l’alri'oii Room.”
|.cs llynes. l’atroon lloom mana

said

gei'.”was news to everyone.

.loliii llartlcy.\’icc l’residciit liir
Management and Planning, also
President of l<'.H'A. immediately
ordered the l’ati'oon lloinn ri-op
t‘llt'tl, citing a ticcd for time lot
the Board of Directors to study
the matter .iiid “decide on .| “In”
to cut costs and not .i llll't‘t‘lllt'itl
uppi‘iiat'li.”

'l'hough l"ootl Sci-vice managers
.issiii'c this reporter that .i “large
share ot t‘ampiis t'ciiter losses are
the result of the l'tili‘iioii llooln
payiiill," pisl what percent of the
liiss is it result of tlic l’ati'oon
ltooni ts yet to be determined

FHA management has chi-r giv
en its food managers data on what
level of business Is needed to
break even. or at what level food
cost .iiid payroll should lie of the
gross llll‘tlllll‘

"ll In to fifi customers aic
needed per night for the l’iitrooii
llooin to lireak even. l was never
told," claims lies llyncs "I don't
keep the hooks, l Just run a dining
room."

The l’alroon lloiim does offer ii
fine menu tIl [)rlt‘t'}. lower than
competition. lliit lloinild (iloiigli
Wonders "jtlsl. how many students
can afford the l’atroon Room 1’”

Business in the I'iitrooii llooin
hits been increasing. (Tustoinei'
averages for September-November

people are paying more money
and thc l’atrooti might be up
pi'oaclimg the break t-Vi-n point

l".\‘.-\ has rarely advertised the
l‘ati'ooii lloom. t'oiild prom
iitioiiiil efforts bring the l’alrooii
llooiii to a break c\cn point"
l'Zmploye-‘s of lllt‘ l’atroiin ltoom
llt'lll'Vt' so is tlic l'ati‘otiii lioiini
licing iisctl as :i scape goat" “\\lio
knows'“ answered oiic l".\'.\ ctii
pliiyci-

.\n oiiliicalion i'H‘J \llltl\ ltit
llic month of tlciolier. I‘I'ji
completed by FHA. shows the
l’atroon ltoom losing $.l.Illll
l"ootl Sci'vu‘c management con
tcnils most of the lll\.\ is sustained
by the ilinucr operation l’.iti'ooii
lionni employees claim that
losscs, if any. ill'l' a result iil Iiotli
operations lunch .iiiddiniici l‘illl
ployees also question who I\ on
the l'.iti'oiiii llooiii payroll .iiiil
who is on the Special Functions
payroll

|)iimci' operations .iiei'iigcil lit
i‘usloiiici's per night i|l an average
diiiiii-i' check of tliti 'Jii tor ttcti-
lici Lunches serve .ippi'oxnnatcly
ltltl people at an average ol’tlil 71)
Payroll is slightly higher for lunch
time than at dinner 'l'liiis. ll
would appear that both lunch and
dinner are operated uiipi'ofilably
Losses iii the l’ati'oon lloniii are
covered by mcal contract profits.
or profits from other units

The Hniick liiir. tor ()ctoliei'.
shows ii net profit of $l.‘ll7
Apparently. student hamburgers
pay for faculty and iiiichrisly
ﬂlll‘ﬁltv' steaks.

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   

Vol. LIX, No. l

ah ,

State University of New York at Albany

Rockefeller Taps Looper
ForUniversityCouncil Post

Three years ago, Victor A. Looper sat in an office
on the third floor of the Campus Center. Last
month, he sat in quite it different office, this one in
downtown Albany. The offices have changed in that
short span of time and correspondingly so has
Lonper's position as a member of the SUNYA
community. In the first instance, he was serving as
an experienced vice-president of the student govern-
ment. In the latter case. he was functioning as the
youngest member of the University Council, the
local board of trustees that supervises the governing
of this university.

Wlicn (liiVi-rnor Nelson A. Rockefeller made
Looper‘s appointment public, the campus was near-
ly deserted as most students hcadcd home to a
lengthy interscssion But for those who were still
here. the move was grcctcd with some surprise.

On one liaiitl, Loopi-r's appointment ri scs the
prospect of increased student<triislcc interaction in
the future and reflects the direction some fch
campus life has taken since the turbulent days of
the late sixties: away from [inhalation and con-
l'rontation and toward meaningful interaction antl a
sense of community.

liut others see his appointment as signifying
sonictbing quite different: an example of Nelson
ltocltcfellcr‘s “tokenisni.”

LOOI’ER IN S.A.

Vic Looper served as vice-president under 'l‘crry
Mathias in an administration that stressed at more
orthodox approach to student government and
shied away from controvursy" especially political
controversy It was a position from which student
association moved away under the more activist
administration of David Neufeld and to a lesser
extent, under SA's current president, Mike Lampert..

“I felt that a student government's role was
limited to what happened on the :ampus", Looper
explained in a recent iiiterView. "We (Looper and
Mathias) didn't really feel SA was in a position to go
out and campaign for other causes, no matter how
worthy they might hich been "

In retrospect. laiopei' still feels that “student
gnvcrnnicnt has no duty to come oiil in opposition
to (policies of) the national govornmcnt. although
there's nothing wrong In doing that."

it is a View liiat appcili's likely to be carried over
into [inoper's potcntially more powerful role on the
llnchrsity ('ouiicil and forms the basis of his
opponents charges of toki-iiism.

“We (the local trustees) should definitely take a
position on anything involvmg the university".
Looper says llut wliilc observing that "the iiniyci'
sity is bound up in the entire political process". lic
remains “uncertain” that the trustees should taki-
positions in issues like the Southeast .\sian war. on
economy dominated by lllt' military. iii state Iiscal
piioi'iiics because ll would not lic \\lllltil legal
lioiiiitls "l‘iii iinl \ltl‘t' llic t‘otiiicil \\.|\ ciiiistilulcd
with that kind of thing in mind”. llt' sais. adding
“\\'c may iioi liaii- tlic coiiipetenci- to pass niilgc
lltl‘ltl on \lll'll issues.

l’()l.l | HAL Il:\(‘KS'.’

limper's appointment makes him the youngest
member to sit on .i l'nivcrsity t'oiincil in New York
State and the loiii’tli black to be appointed. llc wil

olice

 

Undercover

serve a nine year term without pity, except for
expenses.

Looper cites three factors that he feels influenced
his appointment:

—The fact that he is a graduate of Albany State
(Class of '7()l and one of the retiring trustees in an
alumnus.

—llis young age (23) which. he feels. may reflect
the Council's desire to become “more youth oi'icnt-
ed".

'_llIS race Looper. who is black. believes his
appointment may for ' adnw increased t'intiicil
concern With minority groups

Do these facts make him feel like a token
appointee‘.’ “Well”. he candidly adinits.”l kind of
i‘cscnt it .l guess the answer would be yes and no. I
would have liked to have been appointed solely on
my merits but soon-body‘s got to be the beginning

 

person "

'l‘hough not an enrolled Republican, Looper “has
a lot of close, personal relations in the t (New York)
State Republican Party". connections that he feels
help one to land the trustee position. "There's really
no way of getting around the politics", he explains
“'l'he goVei'iior appoints and dismisses them (the
trustees).”

linnpcr is Just as candid in admitting the problems
he may face as a radical or black student spokes-
man “1 don't think with my appointment you'll be
getting radical student inputsor a real feeling of
black community input (on the University councili.
1 probably won't be able to put in this kind of
input, but I'll try."

The question of black representation has its roots
in Looper's term as SA Vice-President. “There were
feelings of distrust among black students and myself
.it that time", he says, and in hindsight. offers two
reasons as a way of explanation

“First, there was thc fact that there were few
blacks on campus when l first came here Second, I
came from a small city and cniild not relate to the
blacks who catiic from a more urban eiWIrniimi-nl."
The end result was frequent cases of "conflict and
(liscnchantmcnt" when Looper sat in the vice-pres
idency,

liNl) 0R BEGINNING?

Just what effect Vic laiopcr‘s appointment will
have on the supervisory body that is the University
(Toiincil is difficult to discern. the answer is (lcpcnd-
cni upon whether his appointment is the first step
on llll‘ road to gradual reform or an end iii itself.

One indication that may sooii be forthcoming
revolves around the isstic of closed (‘ouiicil niei-t-
iiigs. t‘uri‘ciitly. no outsiders are allowed into tlic
t‘ouiicil
Looper stated “' think they should be opened and
then chm-d in certain specific reasons." After

ssions “I'm against closed iiiei-tings'.

   

exploinig lllt ration ilc llI'llllltl tlic ciii'i‘cnt policy, lll'
"might be aiding in iiitioiliicc :i iiiolioii to open
them." The late ot his motion will lll' an indication
ol wliii'li mm the l'oliiii'il is heading. for, .is lioiipei‘
til).\t'l'\t'.\ "I'm only one person out ol iiIIic ”
In any event. his approach will be a moderate iiiic,
a reflection, perhaps. of the man. “I'd have to be
somewhat cautious at first". \‘ictor A laioper
observes. "l couldn't inst barge right I“ and change
thiiigs'
HJTLS.

 

Vic Looper, Albany Law School Student and former vice-president
of the SUNYA Student association has been appointed to the
UiiivcrsityCouucil by Governor Rockefeller.

  
 
   
     
   
   

 
 

AANY
STUDENT
PRESS

Friday, January 21 ,1972

s; 3 . . " ’u. .2»

 
 

 
 

...pollacli

 

 

    

u.(‘ll0lU

Univ. Council Will
Have Strong Voice

While many students have, nevur heard of the University Council,
its importance should not be underestimated. Over the past few
become increasingly active, meeting
y instead of quarterly, and widening the scope of issues
At one time (lolincil limited itself to such
respoiisilnlities as naming buildings. overseeing buildings and
and rubbci'stampiiig proposed iiniVersity budgets. Today,
the (founcil has moVed into making regulations govern
mg the conduct of students, recommending major plans for the
~ecomiiiendiiig candidates for administrative posts, and
superwsing housing and safety. thereby fulfilling its purposes as
stated in the State lliiiversity‘s Constitution. In addition, more
regular and thorough information by mail and phone has made
council iiicnilicrs more involved in uiiIVcrsIty affairs, and more iii

years
moiit lit
being dealt

grounds,
liowcvci'.

university. i

[one Wllll events and issues on campus

\\"ith the appointmciits of (' ’l‘liciidorc t'arlson. Victor laiopcr,
to the University t‘ouncil this trend toward
increased activity can be cxpccicil to continue. and the role of the
t'oniicil Ill l'iiivi-rsity affairs \vill correspondmeg become strong-

.intl Wayne \Vagncr

er We should cxpi'ccl to hear much more from the llniwrsity I
('oiincil Ill the coming months ,
llcsidcs l.oopci', ('iii'lson. and Wagner. other members ol the d ,

l'nivcrsity (Toiiiicil include
Kenneth l'I lliihrmastci', Hcotiii. N Y,
.Iobn l", l“|ll|ll)titll‘, M.l) . Albany
M l. Levy, Schenectady
llzirry (l. lice. 'l‘t‘oy. N Y.
Mrs Mai-Vin l’osiicr. Albany
J Vanderbilt Straub, Albany

Pushers: 
An In—Depth Discussion

 

t

 

 

 

 

 

 

see page five t

 

 

