 

 

 

 

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

 

International

BEIRUT AP - Syria followed up its ﬁrst air strike
against Israel in nearly two years with a vow today
to retaliate against all future Israeli attacks.

Mortars and bazookas on the Syrian side of the
cease-fire line shelled Israeli positions in the occu-
pied Golan Heights for more than eight hours
Monday night, and the Israelis struck back Wednes-
day with an air and artillery attack on guerrilla
camps around seven villages in southern Syria. The
local governor reported six guerrillas and four
civilians were killed.

It was the first time sinceJune, 1970, that the
Syrian air force has been in action against the
Israelis.

MOSCOW AP - Sheik Mujibur Rahman visited
Lenin‘s tomb today and then held his first official
meeting with Communist party chief Leonid l.

“The people of Bangladesh have on their side the
support of the Soviet Union and other Socialist
countries, the support of friendly India, of all
progressive forces of our time who sincerely wish
you great successes in all spheres of life," Kosygin
told Mujib.

Kosygin called for ii peaceful settlement on the
subcontinent. He declared, “certain foreign circles"
had given support “to the Pakistani rcactionaries."
meaning the United States and China.

Soviet leaders gave Mujib the treatment normally
reserved for a close ally. lie was lodged in the
Kremlin. an honor accorded only highly regarded
foreigners.

The prime minister ol Bangladesh arrived Wednes-
day seeking immediate iind long term aid for his
impoverished, war-ravaged nation. A Soviet mission
is already in Bangladesh looking things over.

PARIS AP < French customs agents seized 937
pounds-425 kilograms-0f pure heroin aboard a
shrimp boat today.

The French Finance Ministry called it the biggest
haul in history and the Paris office of the U.S.
Narcotics Bureau said this amount would be enough
for a one-month supply for every American addict.

French ofﬁcials placed no value on the drugs. The
U.S. Narcotics Bureau said importers pay
$10,000-sl2,000 a kilogram for 80-90 per cent pure
heroin. This would put the price at dockside at
$4.25 million to $5.1 million. Users pay up to
$250,000 dollars a kilogram when it is ﬁnally
diluted and split up for retail sale. This would raise
the value to $106.25 million.

Marcel Boucan, 57, the captain of the (SO-ton
shrimp boat Caprice rles Temps, sought to commit
suicide by leaping into the water in Marseille porl
where the ship was taken for a search, authorities
said. He was pulled out of the water and revived at a
hospital. Police said he liiid written notes saying that
his family and crew were not involved, i

Ministry sources said the seizure came as athe
result of a long watch on Iliiiicaii, who was
Identified as the former Captain of II ship known to
have been engaged In cigarette smuggling.

When the (Taprice left Villi-friinche, twu customs
boats overtook her and fired warning shots across

her how when she refused to stop.

Notional

WAHIlthi'l'th Al' .\liilii‘\l\' loi vlt'llidlll tll.|ll
resisters iiiiil tleserlcrs \\'.i.~ opposed llhlli|\ l)\ tli-~
l’i-ntagon .iiid Ilie Allit'flt‘ull Legion. ’l'liey said it
could wreck the armed forms and tIi'fiiliii' the
millions who ht‘TVt'II honorably and \\‘Illill|ll protest

lliit Sen, Edward M. l\' I'illll'lh‘, ll Mass, said tliiec
days of hearings before his Judiciary subcommittee
has not convinced him there is yet a preponderance
of evidence or logic to cause the nation either to
re‘p-Ct iiinnesy out of hiiiid or grant it completely.

‘We must make our“ decision based less on our
personiilpreiudices ﬂan beliefs than on what will be
in the interests of ii nation that must find some
to bind up
Kennedy said.

way
the wounds caused by this war,"

 

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

A move is under way in a small
bit growingtnumber of states to

ful service industry in college
towns from the Ivy League to the
Pacific Coast merchandising
term papers on the open market.

In the California Legislature. the
New York courts and the massa-
chusetts attorney general's office,
public ofﬁcials backed or goaded
by college authorities are moving
against young entrepreneurs who
are getting rich by churning out
other people's homework.

Ever since a pair of pioneering
brothers launched a Boston term
paper factory 18 months ago and
extended its operations to 49
other branches nationwide, more
than 100,000 papers have been
sold to students and the number
of competing firms is prolifera-
ting.

“I am helping students ovecomc
thLI busy work and repetition and
wasted time of going from shelf to
shelf and page to page doing term
papers in which no learning is
involved," says Ward Warren, 23,
who with his brother,Kenncth.
27, founded 'l‘ermpapcr Research
Unlimited Inc.

The brothers say they did $1.8
million worth of business last
year.

'l'crmpapers Unlimited and the
other advertise openly in campus
newspapers - “Are you cramped
for time? Let us help you," reads
one ad- and reach students who
pay from $2 to $6 II page for
documented research on topics as
varied as Aztec social structure to
Zambian foreign policy.

The papers are composed by
ghostwritcrs, including mooir
lighting faculty members, gradu-
ate students and technical writers
- many with M.A. and Ph.D. de-
grees - who sign agreements relin-
quishing their rights to their
wnrlrc
Burn toolata

their own him-l.

     

Ol‘

     

Uncommonly
significant for euro.

 

|
Tower East Cinema

March 3 (only)
7:00 & 10 pm Lc 7

$.50 w/Stam Quud Cuid...$i w/out

l’lus: follow the bouncing
ball "I'M AN ()l.l) (IOW
llANI)"

PS: The Cowboys & Irid-
133$: clisssefl'iifépmmii
BUNCH, the men ovfwihc.

Meek

 

 

 

  

PAGE 4

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

curb what is becoming a success:

 

  

“We’ve given these trained peo-
ple a better way to make money
and the students have access to a
clearing house for information,"
said Ed Whalen, 29, a former
English instructor who is vice pre-
sident and chief editor for Crea-
tive Communications Consultants
in Urbana, Ill.

The ghostwriters get anywhere
from $2-to $5 a page for their
products.

This view - and the practice of
peddling term papers - is the
target of a measure introduced by
California Assemblyman Jim
Keysor‘that would make it a
misdemeanor to sell term papers
to students in higher education
institutions.

“This bill is against the sellers
and not against students," said
Keysor, a Grannde Hills Dcmo-
crat. “I think getting it passed
could be ii little tough because
people will argue you can't legis‘
late morality."

 

Term Papers For Sale!

The reaction of educators and
administrators to the term paper
business has been mixed, ranging
from violent opposition to phi“).
sophicul re—evaluation of the effi.
cacy of term papers.

Harvard Dean of Students Ar.
chie Epps calls the term paper
companies “a blot on the con.
science of American institutions
of higher learning" and an official
at Southern Illinois University
said the firms reflect “a int-ali-
down in the relationship between
faculty and students."

On the other hand, DaVidJ,
Carson, dean of students at Bah
son College in Massachusetts,
Ward Warren's alma main-r, sees
the term paper companies as 1]
spur to new thinking.

“Perhaps there will be some
serious and beneficial gainsoiit of
all this if it causes some reevaan
tion of the whole process of
which term papers are a part," he
said.

 

 

Antiwar Protest — 4/22

 

The National Antiwar Confer-
ence sponsored by the Student
Mobilization Committee last week
decided on April 22 for the next
antiwar demonstration. The dc»
nionstrations will take place in
New York City and Lori Angeles.
calling for the immediiitcwjili-
drawal of all U.S. forces and
material from Southeast Asia. The
teach-in held Friday night showed
that while the troops are being
withdrawn, the bombings by U.S.
planes have increased. It showed
the U.S. now using an “automated
battlefield" in which an average of
300 Indochincsc are dilled daily
while US. casualties have
dropped. All this has been done to
give the impression the war is
winging down and to stop the

antiwar movement.

Iiigh school students .ll llll't'trli
ference voted on a llilllllllill littlll
school speak-out against the ii.“
on April Iii. 'l‘hi- speak lilll “Ill
consist of assemblies
dis sions in classes,

r.i||ii-~, and
The l with
ilso Volt-(l on lillllll'llllltj .iIi
educational campaign ill
teach-ins would he held on I'iilll
puscs and educational
about the war would l)t‘ illsltllili
ted.

'l‘he S.M,(,‘. is also in the ili'til'i'ss
of building the Harrisburg di-Inon
stration to he held April 15' in
support of Dan Berrigaii.

Anyone interested in working
on the April 22 demonstration
should contact Lewis at 76063.

 

    

\\ Inch

liliill'l lill

N.O.W. Closes
Whore Exhibit

BERKELEY, Calif (AP)- The
University of California Art Mus-
eum agreed to close for one day ii
display of prostitutes' photo-
graphs iiftcr the exhibit was pick-
eted by women's libcriitionists.

Ellen Sandor, niitioniil secretary
of the National Organization of
Women, and about ii dozen other
women iniirclied outside the niiis
eum Wednesday where the I'll .
Bellocq of French origin and he
licvcd to have died in liliirl, pho
tographed the girls in New Orleans
brothels.

Most are fully clothed, naturally
posed Wit ‘ - ' - ‘ I
b How rs and pits, biil

67

A
i

 

R

    

GRAND OPENING SEASON
Jade House Restaurant if

tip. Chinese American Foods
Finest Cantonese Dishes

Serving 7 Days a Week
ll:00 am to l0:00 pm

some are node».

The demonstrators said they
perpetuated the (Ii-gradation :qu
exploitation of women.

”Why don't you have illl\' ptin
[us of the male Iniyei‘s"" \'l'llt‘|l
one of the lll'llitlilhli'illtll'\

Miss liziskin i-oiisiilti-il \\|ll|
other inusciiin officials and .igii-i‘il

1“ bust the ili-nionsli'aiinx' Ii'IIcI
“f linilcsi next to the tlI\]il.I\ .lllll
l” (‘lnse it on March H, “huh i»

International Women's I)i|\.

"For old," siiiil .‘ll‘. Sand-w ml
the (ll‘llltilihll‘dlttln til\pt'l‘.l‘ll

  

if" Reservations and Catering call: 370-0160?
1028 STATE STREET (Off Route 146) SCHENECTADY

FRIDAY. MARCH '5, I972

 

 

 

 
 
   
   
  

 

Telethon ’ :

by Barbara H. Will

With a record $10,000 for Ciinip
Wildwood's autistic children and
entlTUsi-aslic community and stii~
dent support, 'l‘eletlion '72 was
the success thal UVer ten months
of preparation warranted. All
iiioVed smoothly throughout the
tWenty-I'our hour marathon on
the entertainment, technical, and
produce a

mechanical levels to

high quality event.

Much of the credit for the Tele-
thon belongs to Judy Avner and
Mike l’lotzker, (‘ii'(‘liilii‘ni(’li of the
program. Together with ii nucleus
of fourteen committee chairmen,
sixstage managers, and ii treasurer,
they organized all aspects of the
show from its publicity to the
actual stage setting. While these
students were responsible for the
overall coordination, about seven
hundred people contributed time

oonacu

.4 L

and work to the mechanics of
Telethon, iind there were over a
hundred individual acts in the

show itself.

Individuals, in the audience and
in the Telethon, helped to make
Telethon ‘72 the success it was.
WABY and WSUA stayed with the
program through the night hours,
and other stations announced a
running totiil as they publicized
the event. Mayor Corning donated

$I00, while Barney Fowler took
two pics in the face and contribu t
ed fifty dollars. Many students
remained awake during the early
morning to cheer on the perform-
ers, who reacted with even better
acts. 'I'heOdd Quad bought vari-
nus Uiisclliibles in the auctions
and their attitude spurred up the
bidding. As Judy Avncr said,

"Everyone really wanted 'l‘clethon
to work, and that's the only rear
son it did."

The pie-throwing was the single
biggest money-raiser of the show.

 

A Smashing Success

Such notables as Bill Polchinski,
Mike Lampert, Dean Neil Brown,
Jack Schwartz, and Terry Wilbert-
found themselves face to face
with strawberry cream pies. Bob
Brody brought in the most money
with a $225 total figure.

 

Gifts contributed by area mer-
chants sold to the highest bidder
in true auction fashion, and the
items ranged from a $185 wed-
ding gown, two sets of Corning-
ware, and a desk to a carton of
Caravellc candy bars and two
yards of silver velvet. President
Bcnezet outbid all contenders in
the first auction of the owning.

 

potluck

Throughout the twenty-four
plans" wore set with disturbances,

like the inconsiderate behavior of

the Galloping Gourmet, Hector,
Larry and the All-Stars, Bill Pol-

liour span, the entertainment

maintained an excellent level of
r ' ‘ ' ' H ' ' I ' ' - ' . or ‘i'ir voice of , ,
pirtormanre, thru witl) ind (liiiiski, the extra (in . y “w ﬁckle sod“ machine and the
i ' - - ‘ . . I- ' V . . ,_ ‘ . '
Wl'll'dOl’lt pietcs perlormid by John himino, Art (,mesbirL and mm mm blew m the Spotllght

S’I‘B added a spark to the evening. others contributed to the high
Claudine and Ron, 'l‘otty

Rhoudes, Odd Quad's rendition of

early Friday night. But the biggest
crisis occurred Saturday morning
at 8.00 hour's

worth of

quality.
when one full
entertainment was

'l‘clelhon '72 had its celebrities.
too. David Allen, host of l’iclca»
Show, and WABY's l’ele Williams,
Ronald MacDonald and Miss I’eg‘
gy from ltiiinper liooni all donut

stranded in the snow, and the
'l‘clclhon staff
lhemselVes on stage conducting an

suddenly found

inproinptu sing-along with a sur-
prised piiinisl. When the snowfall
kept the childid-n away for the
first half hour of the Kiddie l’or-

ed their time.

The 'l‘elethon iolal spiralcd
steadily through Friday night and
finally, late Saturday afternoon.

passed the 1971 record of $7,000

lion, it was worth the price of

admission to see tvveiity college

with a 345':th check pi'esenierl by students playing the Farmer in'the
FSA. Willi thirty minutes left l)ell willi Miss Peggy and cheering
before the official closing, the ltonald Mai-Donald until some

blackboard showed $984 I, and real live children finally appeared.

everyone made one last effort to And imagine the snack bar when a
break $lti,t)tltl. Students rushed

to the stage willi dollar bills, the

distraught (lo Ii‘or girl burst in
Saturday night and demanded a
('I‘t'llniptlff to go ~ immediately » for

a pie llirow beginning upstairs at

radio announcers pleaded for
plionein pledges, -
‘72 broke $It),t)til) within fifteen

minuli-s of its deadline. The total

and Telethon
that same moment.

There was more community stip-
offii'ial amount now stands soiiic~ ‘ _ I r
. ,iort and lacully parlicniiition
where in excess ol .1»: I 0,225. _

than ever helorc, and the strength
of the student contribution was

scd iium~

 

lint even Willi all the pri-para “lll’m'I'Ill ll‘l’l" Ill" IIH'I‘I
lion and support,'l‘i-lctlion “'iil'li her of ilt'IS. llH' but!" Will'kl'lll
"hi-hi 1”.” staff, and Illt' overflowing crowd.

ei's discoyei'eil Illt'll'

The spirit and atmosphere of 'I‘i-le-

llioii \vi-re tremendous “I don't

" ' ’ ' """" "' ﬂ“ tl lt '-'ll 'V'i' fUI‘H‘l it," say the
micro itltlll‘l' "” “‘ ‘ ‘ L

co cliaii'iiieii.

 

l I | iiHllpl‘Ufll.lltllllll'lllll‘lllllillllilllll “.5 mm, l“ “mu And. In [his
I I Inw- "U ‘hmwl Increasingly hitter and Impersonal
l | minil;,'\:hm,|,n  l - way“: 2'1"” world, it's reassuring to see how
l A ‘ 'A | '0 N I at. i .’|lll Hin lllu‘l __ IIHIII)’ ll”
l g 
: The ALBANY TAXPAYERS' ASSOCIATION is il watchdog organization set up to see that I
I the city of Albany spends its monoy wisely and provides reasonably good services. We want I Get your copy of I
I to make our government responsible in its spending and responsive to the wishes of the
pooplo. I
Wu can use help iii many areas-roseiirch, writing, addressing and mailing, supplying udvtce to —
Citizens with questions, and many other areas. We can also use any and all contributions. ll  8
you would like to help, please send in tho coupon. We will send you the latest issue of THE
WATCHDOG (our monthly iiowspiiper),iind lot you know when our next membership sunyn literary magazine
meeting is. —_1
Mail lo:
ALBANY TAXPAYERS’ ASSOCIATION P. 0. Box 8087, Albany, N. v. 12203 TOD/1 Y
- wﬁd ., ,M..- Phone: _.,_ 
Name‘ 7 '  — campus center lobby
Address: , ,_WW ﬂ- _ 
The particular area that I would like to help in is: _ A __ _ A
: funded by student tax ,
’ ”" '“T" T   Ti “ WT _:;_.i. ‘WWI

 

_—___-1 l'Il'l'i-elive alternative to abortion

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1972

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 5

 

