  

 

 

 

 

So much of THE HOSPITAL is provocative and
exciting that it is with regret I must report that the
film fails. What is most ironic is that the responsi-
bility for the good things and the very bad things
are precisely in the hands of the same people: writer
Paddy Chayefsky and director Arthur Hiller.

Hiller, who did so much to turn that Ieaderi lump
of a book LOVE STORY into an even deadlier film,
was probably the wrong man to tackle Cliayefsky‘s
original screenplay anyway. It‘s a very different
script, a black comedy focusing on the iricptness
and confusion that reigns in major metropolitan
hospitals today. The overworked, underpaid staff
must tackle a mass murderer of doctors and nurses.
the angry predominantly-black community, and a
series of bunglings in and around the operating
room that should make the AMA. livid. With so
much crisis going on - which Cliayefsky rriearis very
often to be played for laughs - l'Iiller's heavy
directorial hand is all too pervasive. Scenes of high
comedy are played out frrr loo long, with the
resultant impact lessened considerably. The editing
is not nearly sharp enough; this often picarcstpie
script is generally given the treatment of hundreds

Two Film Reviews: “The HOSpi’ra

of other slick Hollywood movies when in the hands
of someone genuinely creative like Robert Altman -it
might have come close to a masterpiece.

What‘s worse, when Hiller doesn‘t do the film in.
Cliaycfsky does it himself, basing much of the story
on the tiresome personal relationship between a
paticnt’s ex-acid-head daughter (Dianna Riggl and
the suicidal. alcoholic, impotent head of medicine
(George C. Scott). who by the way is cirred of the
latter problem by way of a six-second orgasm,
surely some kind of a record. Whenever the film
finally gets it together and begins to riiovc us,
Chaycfsky is unwise enouin to introduce long.
boring speeches ofexposition which fail to convince
rind which grind the proceedings dowu to a screech-

There's a great deal to savor here. The acting is
- with Scott brilliant, as always -
for Diana Rigg, who plays the ex-acid-frcak iii a
manner which convinces me that she‘s rather have

except

been in any one of a thousand other places rather
than in front of the cariicra. Some of the insights
into medical malpractice are chilling and refreshing.

 

  

m E 1}
“51m? .’

FIND OUT

 

 

i'

 

March 7th in LC-24
at 5 and 7

beer

SN [91‘

EDITOR: ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION

ECOTAGE. (E-ko-tazli), rr. (MoE, ecology and sabotage, from Gr. oikos, a
house, and, logy, to study; and srrboter, to damage machinery with wooden
shoes]. The branch of tactical biology that deals with the relationship between
living organisms and their technology. It usually refers to tactics which can be
executed without injury to life systems.

sponsored by pye

funded by student tox

 

H

and
“Maidstone”

About midway through Noniaii Mailer's titan/stone, I gave up trying
to tinderstarid what it was till about. a failure not due to my level of
intelligence, and tried to think if I’d ever encountered a more pallietic
attempt at a movie. It was no contest"Illairlsmnt' is a catastrophe for
the whole of its interminable lerigtli--|(liJ minutes of sotiped-up home
movie which should have been kept at home to scare uninvited guests
into an early departure.

Mailer wandered over here to hype his move, to defend it against
some of the critics who didn‘t understand, to “brainwasli” a
prospective audience before their attendanceThis is understand-
able-when such a brilliant and radical dcpartrirc as his is to be
presented before a naive and unaware audience. it might help to offer
a preview, so as not to astoiiisli the soori-io~be-crrlightened minds.

Mailcr's film theory evolves frorii his pliilospliy that the professional
era is doomed and the amateurs slirrll succeed to the throne. The
intense, committed amatettr cart create a work of art that is as stirring
as he who has done it for a lifetime; Mailer, the amateur has oflcrctl
his challenge to the riiovieiriakers. (What does Mailer think ol the
amateur writer“? Why doesn‘t he continue as a professional writer since
it is orin stifling his riiultitalcnted spirit?)

In Muir/slime. we have Mailer, friends, family and frlrri crew. on
Long Island in ‘(iX for irriprovisations on a theme. The theme: Norman
'I‘. Kingsley. (played by Mailer). director of iricarringt'iil erotic films ,is
riiakiiig his lrrtcsi movie about a brothel. N I K is also being considered

as a presidential candidate since his works have changed the \iiLlitl

riioies of a gcricr:rtron.,.r\ powcrttil group oi people might \\.rrrt to
assassinate hrnt...()i might not...

('ririicra. Action.

Action‘TI'hrit‘s when things happen. Wcll. \'ll\' llilt‘l\|c\vs some
women. He talks about politics. Rip loirr t\\"lr.ir‘ Wlmt‘ A pro
lessionril .rctor" What‘s he doing lrcrc ’) llsllt‘\ in .r lake, llc inrciiicus
some more \\'\|lliL‘ll. And some men And \ionrcri. t lrricri'iciving hcgins
to become .r technique. a la (iodard. lit-ic, Should lt‘L‘lllIIrlllt'\ br-
allowed in an riiiprrwisritirii")

What else lrrippcns'.’/\ (Hill) h_\ the pool \Vltril could be tlicdtillcst
lovemaking ci'cr filmed. A \ioincn rcportci III a Ion cut gown. Sonic
rrioVic making. 'l he woman‘s gown gets so lo\\ that .r breast pops out.
and she caresses lrci microphone. A dream sequence which has its
background sound a Woman trimming in p;t\stott...l think it'spassrori.
The same sorrn ls could have t‘tttttt‘ littlll.l||_\’tIIlL' forced to sit through .'I
movie it few times.

The Subiective Filmgoer

Il'ftlir/xlrtllt’ comes to an end. N'IK hasn't been tl\.\tl$\llltilt'tl. Mtttlt'l
c\p|ains to the crew \\’ll:ll a great tlitrik the) ~\'c done, '| our hits Mnllct
\\'tlll a hammer. Ilrc) light, it's a rerrl light. but ll.\lit‘t‘lltlilllt' better
tn the movies. Mirilci‘x uric screams and tllth'N lll\ son \llt‘\ Ioiii
stIV\. "lliis Is nothing but .i \t'k'llt‘ Ill .i llolli \\ood \\l|tllt'lltlll\\' rno\ii'
l'p _\‘ttllt\ l‘p \ourx." Ihc rnovrc ends. hlitsl ol lllt' .iridicnrc has It'll
long ago. [he reviewer had to stick it out At least llL' got ItI Ior llt't‘,

for it rltllcrcrit View ot this rnonc. it'.id tlrc \t'lt‘t'll|il:i_\, lot oni'
thing. the dialogue is underslandrrlilt'. ll it \\t‘li' .r |.nihtrr| ll.ll|\t||]t
tion. the nth would be blurred. Muller‘s desorption ol what I\ bring
seen is llllilli‘\\|\t‘. A good \\ riicr can Ill.tl\t‘ .rtI) whit-ct llllt‘l\‘\l||li’

Norman. \Ilt‘k to being .1 good writer. Your princh \lt'\\ ot Ill"
\\‘t)|ltl ixt'\l\l and all) is Irii superior to \otti \i\ti.i|. llic piotcxxionals
slick .is thc\ iii.r\ he. at least keep us auakc,

 

Truman Capote ’5

"IN COLD BLOOD"

$.50 members...$l non-members

Saturday, March 4
at 7:30 & l0 in LC-7

Jewish Students' Coalition

 

 

 

 

PAGE lo

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

FRIDAY , MARCH 3, l9'72

w. a, vow—3.. v,

 

 

 

J

 

Advertising has

Reprinted with permission pending
of Crain Communications, Inc. from
Advertising Age, February 28, t972.

by Richard Dudman
Chief Washington Correspondent
St. Louis Post-Dispatch

In the People‘s Republic of
China, President Nixon and
some 300 Americans that
accompanied him encountered
what appears to be an adver-
tising and merchandising
vacuum.

The many signs at the airport
and along the broad streets of
the capital are often almost ex-
clusively political slogans. For
example, on the road to the
airport a sign reads, “Resoluter
support the people's struggle in
Asia, Africa and Latin America,"

while another at the Gate of
Heavenly Pence Square in down-
town Peking announces, “The
Chinese People warmly support
the struggle of the Indo-Chinese
people against the U.S. imperia-
list."

There are absolutely no equi-
valents of the billboards, news-
paper ads and radio and tv spots
that urge the people of other
countries to buy particular
brands.

There a few parallels for the
public service ads that try to
persuade Americans to give up
smoking or get checked for
breast cancer. Smoking, inciden-
tally, is not considered it health
hazard by most Chinese.

A bright young woman who
works for Hsin “till, the New

 

I. fForest fires burn
more than trees.

 

 

long way to go in China

China news agency, and was
assigned as an interpreter for the
visiting American press, thought
hard when asked, and could
come up with only one firm
example of China-style public
service ads. She recalled that the
government had posted signs
some time back during an in-
ﬂuenza epidemic urging citizens
to get flu shots and to eat a soup
which was made from certain
roots and thought to be ri flu
preventative.

Brands are not important
under China's communist sys-
tem. The government is the pro-
prietor of practically all shops
and stores, and private profit is
considered immoral and is al-
most non-existent.

Four kinds of bicycles are
produced, but the government
does not care which brand
people buy, and hence does not
advertise them.

With eignrets it's the same way.
China makes 20 brands, iri-
cluding Panda eigarets manufac-
ttired in Shanghai, but it does
not promote any one briiiid
ahead of the others. Cigirrets are
not wrapped in cellophane, as
they are in most countries to
keep them fresh. But China's
Great Wall brand cigars do come
in t-t-lloplitint- wrappers.

China’s biggest newspaper, the
People's Daily, printed in five
cities and with a circulation of
3,000,000 (and a readership of
many times that number because
it is passed around and posted
on bulletin boards), curries not a
line of advertising.

One of the few street signs
even vaguely enticing is a picture

billboard at a movie theater on
the main boulevard, the Street
of Lasting Peace. The sign says
that, for 3.06 for adults and
$.04 for children, one can see
two feature films, "The Yellow
River" and “The WhiteHaired
Girl," and a newsreel of the
Afro-Asian Friendship table
tennis competition.

But when one of the reporters,
walking with his interpreter,
pointed to a shop and asked
what was sold there, the inter-
preter said be guessed it was a
barber shop, birt had to look
inside to make sure. There was
no sign or striped pole outside to
tell even ii Chinese what it was.

Shop windows have attractive
displays of such items as
clothing, fabrics, clocks, mirrors
and a window-full of big Ther-
mos-type bottles used by
Chinese to make tea.

Shelf displays in a grocery in-
cluded such items as cans of
chestnuts (in syrup), candies,
cakes and bottles of hawthorne
juice.

A big food market had displays
of many food items superior to
what is generally found in the
United States. There was a
whole counter of ring-necked
pheasants (feathers still on),
with rabbits not yet skinned
hanging nearby. There. were live
turkeys, ri dozen kinds of suit-
sriges and a fiin counter with a
six foot (‘tirp on display, as well
as pool slashing with live
Iii-inch red snrippers.

A huge display of apples,
oranges, potatoes, squash and
other Vegetables was heaped
against a backdrop of ii picture

of a terraced hill with a factory
in the foreground. Chinese
characters read, "Develop the
economy and insure the
supply." 0n the opposite wall, a
similar sign said,"Political work
is the lifeline of 'economic
work."

Next to a counter filled with
two dozen of the Chinese equi-
valent of tv dinners—plates
heaped with raw vegetables and
meat ready for cooking at $.20
to $.50 each depending on
whether a helping of noodles
was included—was a single sign
that suid,"For health, clean the
knives." Apparently it is a re-
minder to clerks slicing merit and
filling the'plutgs.

The only sign on the outside of
the big market was a notice
listing business hours. Forrithe
convenience of workers on the
night shift who sleep days, some
stores are open round the clock.

The heavy padded blue coats
worn by many Chinese for pro-
tection against the cold winter
here cost only $12 for the plain
model without artificial fur
collars. A warmer style coat with
an inner lining of what appears
to be dog fur is prieerl at $90,
and bargaining is out of the
question because all prices are
set by the govurnment.

Ari interpreter was asked if
anyone could rifford to buy such
:in expensive coat. He pointed to
a man crossing the street and
said he wits wearing one.

'I‘old that the man mitst be a
capitalist, the interpreter
laughed at the ridiculous notion
that there still could be one
capitalist in China.

 

 

Myths about newspaper advertising:

'pesmox BuiAoiua usiug pue dn opts iun Jaded molt um; ‘apqaiueaw

'"eoe sn saiﬁ

Jl ing '10; Bupioor 3.1,I‘IOA ieqm iou KiquOJd are Siadedsmau ‘iuem nort mounaiB 8,}! Jr ‘1193

‘smou se it? periooi one spe JSdBdSMBU ‘saBessatu
viemﬁura it or uoriuaiie And [pm aidoad 'smeu Bugsaraiui
ui ‘si it so paiemig 'paopou ii 198 01 uMOp apisdn p12 are u

'suogdnuaiui Eugenia; ion
[eiorowuroo Jetpo Auteur outrun ‘132; u1
pue Bugpxa 180w S‘ABPOI J0 aippitu out
in 01 oaeq noA BUIAES iou are)“

(ZNMOG aorsan HDVd SIHJ.
n1 .LSTII’ DOA (IICI AHM
‘ ‘v' HHcIVcISMHN .LDOHV
SEIHVD AGOHON :Il

Print Advertising Association. 2t t [3.15143 Street. New York, N Y tOOt7

sage whoa sales s3;

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 17

 

