   

 

with-3w.

 

 

 

continued from page one

Pot-lows Are Changing

Changing Laws

Within the past year. some states have taken steps to change these
lawn. Last May, the state of Nebraska reduced penalties for the
possession of under one pound of marijuana to seven days. Last
November, Massachusetts reduced penalties to a six month
probationary period for the same crime. In the past few months.
Michigan and Illinois have also reduced penalties for the possession of
marijuana.

Currently there are seventeen bills dealing with marijuana before the
New York Legislature. Assemblyman licichtcr's bill which calls for
the creation of a regulatory mechanism for marijuana thiil. is similar
to existing control of alcohol is one of them. Other proposals provide
for a reduction in penalties. different violation status belwvcii
possession of high and low potency marijuana. aml retail sale of
marijuana through pharmacies presumably with a physician's
prescription.

NORML Takes Action

If the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana LaWs
(NORML) achieves its hopes. similar action will bc taken in Arizona,
Washington D.C.. and California.

In California NORML is trying Io obtain the needed .' 26.000
signatures to initiate two refcrenduins-vonc proposing the Icgalixalion
of marijuana and one proposing dccrimiiialimt ion of thc drug. In Ncw
York NORML is engaged in straight lobbying procedures.

The members of NORMI. are primarily lawyers. According It) (lin
Archer, Ncw York i'cprcscntalivc ol' NORML. “it. is a slruiglil polilical
organization."

 

Close to Students

Archer said that “\Vc (NURMLJ takc a (liVIl l.ibcrlics vn-wpoinl;
whether marijuana is harmless or I ii'ml'iil is insignificant. it is up to
the individual. . . and anyone pos sing marijuana should ccrtainly
not be put in prison." '

NORM]. recently surveyed the leading presidential candidates and
found that a majority support the forthcoming rccoiiiinundation by
the National Commission on Marijuana that possession of marijuana
in private be legalized.

Archer said that “this is an issue close to students; they can help by
registering to vote and finding out what position a candidatehas taken
concerning the reform of marijuana laws." In a recent pamphlet.
NORML stated. “it's time the candidates learned that they will not
benefit from the newly franchised voters so long as they duck the
marijuana question."

 

— M. Oringher

 

m
Falling in love?

Are you in love?
Then you’ll love...

 

    

PARAMOUIII I‘ICIURES I’lliSllllS

Ali Macliraw - Ryan (I'lleal

 

 

 

March I7&18 LC7
7:00, 9:00, 8- ll: 00 pm

$.75 with state quad curd $1.25 without

 

TOWER EAST CINEMA

 

 

PAGE 2

Assemblyman Franz Leichter lDem.-Lib.-Man.l has recently introduced a bill that

 

would legalize the sale of marijuana. Leichter also said that he was reintroducing a
bill to provide $10 million to research the cause of heroin adriction and possible

cu I'QS.

...dl'llfti‘(‘ll

leiclifer Calls for $ IOMiIIion
To Combat Heroin Addiction

By Larry Simonberg
Associated Press Writer

(AP) - New York State should
spend $10 million on research
into the cause of heroin addiction
and possiblc cures. a group of
asscmblymcn said 'I‘ucsday.

Asscmblyman Flam. lA'It'llLt‘l',
I)-Manliattan. said he was rcintro-
diiciiig a bill to providc tlic $l0
million in [be new fiscal ycar
beginning April I. llc listcd 24
t'tl'SINIHSUI’S.

Hope for Republican support
was Iiascd on llic backing liciiig
gchn Ilic bill by Assemblyman
Viiicciil lliccio. R‘Ilriioklyn.

“This is one of tliosc fcw bills
where we have a chance." lticcio
said.

According to l.ciclilcr. a iiicdiciil
solution In llic plagiic of ail-

 

it as n w n .r n nuu

10 am - 4 pm

rn'JmIr-Ilrlrli ililllll um. I xli hlllF mu-

 

 

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

A riﬁlrit inociriirn m ir iiuthtiir it )lLlIJlClLIlUDk ii iii If iloi ill a ilnulur. iliii'ilnrili 1r ill-It ilti

Delta Sig Day

Tomorrow - Wed. March 15

Male Business Students- ‘
see what a professional fraternity E

can do for you
come meet the brothers and faculty

coffee, doughnuts, and refreshments

3rd Floor Faculty Lounge
Delta Sigma Pi

Ill I I ll- IjI‘ u.i‘ in I... ofo' I'I l i‘ I u' [I I I' n‘i n

diction is possible it' research
money is forthcoming.

“I think that medical science
holds out the hope of immuni-
cation against addiction," he said.

New drugs. aside from inctlia-
done. to block the heroin “high”
are being developed. hc added.

“The truth is that We know next
to nothing about heroin." l.cicli-
lcr said, l'What it docs to the
body. why it causes pcrsoiis to
become addicted. and what phys-
iological changes. if any. it crcalcs
in llic user."

The Manhattan Democrat said
the state had appropriiitcd $300
million for the Narcotic Addiction
(fontrol Commission, but, since
llltili. only $77 million of tliiil
went to research,

llc said ball" of the research
cxpcntlilurcs were listed for llic

II! lI-J r LJIJ

BA Building

"In-nun: mn-.irxninxuuuumitm

the professional

 

 

alternative E

current fiscal year. and only about
$2 million in research money is in
Gov. Rockefellcr's proposed $7.!)
billion budget for I972-71l.

“It seems to me to spend $|0
million to combat licroin ad-
dictioii is well worth it." l.cicli|cr
(lcelurcd, He said federal and pri-
vale foundation
should lic sought.

Ricciii is also apoiisoriiig Ncw
York City's bill to restore $13.1
million for school drug education
programs dropped from lllt‘ pin-
poscd budget.

With other significant llt'lHlli'
lican support cxpcclcd, “l Icasi
some of this moncy is likcly In In-
found by ltockcfcllci' illltl llic
Republican legislative Iciiilcrs.

legalize
Marijuana (?l

continued from page one

money .il\1i

'l‘liis I'cprirlci' nskcrl |.cu'litci >t
lic would support such llll‘.|.‘-|t|t'\
as lhc tilic pltlptisl‘tl Ii) ll.iii|l .1
his bill is not passcd 'l‘lic ‘\‘-\tll|
lilymiiii saidlliiil lic would in-
" much in tutor" at .ni\

  

Icgi. .ilioii that would It‘llt‘\l‘ lllt‘
pciiiillics l‘oi llic poxscssion of
marijuana.

l.ciclilt'l"a bill I.\ \plilIMIIt'tl ll\
M‘Vt'll llcniociiilic l.cgis|.itoi~ l'kl\|'
are from tlic Asst-inlin Slcplicil
(iotllicli. Louis I)c.~.al\io. llicliaiil
“(illil'lt‘tl‘ Mclvni Millci. and
Antonio ()livicri; lwo aic l'ioin llli‘
Sciiiilc: Sidney A Voiil.nilici .ind
Miiiil'rcd ()lirciisli-iii
Franz l.ciclitcr lh .ilso r-onu-invrl
about other state laws which lic
culls "obsolete". “lliilcss “‘1‘ .H'
illltl act quickly." he said. " llll‘
gap betwn-n what many of IN“
citizens do. particularly [be young
and our laws Will continui- in

ttrow."

TUESDAY. MARCH 14, I972

 

 

 

by J. S. Flavin

“Despite a projected enrollment
increase of 1.290 students iii the
four University Centers. the
budget for these institutions is
recommended at $149.3 million. a
decrease of $6.7 million from the
I97 1-72 Il[)[)l‘0pl'lllllt)ll.H

’l‘o quotc further from the NYS
Executive Budget for 1972-73:
“This biitlgct will require tlic
Univr sin ('cntcrs to absorb the
additional workload gciicralcd by
llicsc sliidcnts with staffing
patlcrns liclim‘ [host-originally
rccommcndcd in..." last
budgct,

SL‘NYA. according lo the
proposed 1972-73 NYS Executive
lludgct. will lose some 107
positions. of which 23 arc l‘zicull)
positions. I!) instructional support
positions. and (if) other staff and
clerical positions.

"All 107 positions climiiiated."
contends Jolin llartigaii. SUNYA
controller. “arc pi'cscnlly vacant.
Wc arc losing no pcoplc." 'l‘hcsc
positions arc citlicr vacant as a
result of last ycar's lilidgct I'rchc.
or are held by pcoplc oii lt'II\'(‘
without pay.

'l‘licrc Will l)t‘ no term contract
pcoplc ciil liccausc ol~ lhc buducl.

ycar's

However. there will be no grad-
uate assistants hired on temporary
service nor will there be any
faculty hired to replace those on
leave.“ Hartigan adds.

l’hilip Sirtokin. Vice President
of Academic Affairs. also stressed
that “we are losing positions. not
people. yet,"

Nothing that Rockcl'cllcr's bud-
get is based upon “anticipated
incomes" - tax collections. lot-
tcry. and most significant - $400
million in "anticipated" l’cdcral
Rcvcnuc iring. should any or
all of llicsc fall short. "SUNYA
will be 2/3 through its budget
ycar licl'orc wc know". according
to Sirutkin. “Should we have to
makc up further slatc deficits.
siiicc 75-80% of our budch is
salary and wages. tlicrc will be

cuts ,

   

I];

Sii'olkin wciil on to warn that.
"'I‘bcrc are I'cwcr lines this year
than last _\'t‘IIl'. 'l‘o mcct cxpcn-
rlilurc ccilings imposed by the
NYS biidgcl. lines may be denied
to various departments. liy
dcnying dcparlmcnts faculty and
staff lincs. this has the same cl'l"cct
of not rcncwing contracts. Also. it
is very hard to fill ncw positions
with minority pcoplc \vlicn llicrc

arc I'cvvcr and I'cwcr prisiliriiis'

 

(linipo. loinl

lc.ii Iiioq
NriIi ll'ili'llll i
iiiani Ht!” /\4 i’lllllf‘
[Honor/cit ll. .(Eilli‘li
l\lttll‘.|lill illlll l‘iililir iii'Ivii re
lllllilllt“.
liltllll’lll .lit‘lvll 1"»
M.iirili'ii.iiii c .iiiil t l||i‘lillltlll oi Vino!
lil'tlt‘l.|l i\ll|llllll‘,ll.llllill
i'n-rn-inl liistiliiliriiinl Hi-iVir r".

lll".ltll'llt I' ll.i|l-.

 

l'- i‘-| I Ii iNf. ANiit'iMNm ‘. NY I lthIllI iN SHINY /\

Iiisiiiiclrriii .iiirl [)i-iiiii liiu-iitnl lit-scrim li

Aivriiotml Illlll.;l”l,:‘.:‘-

 Mr Claima-

Z’ 1 ﬁg z 211': ltll

Ill'l lit] 73

.lltll Alli!) Hi

tit) 5i!) i

RSI 2/ _)

M Ill :0

III; Nil 1‘.)

lllll Id!» It)

.il-i .l!)/ I/

ll/l lll/ /

lti/ ltill /

.’.’.’ )lti ti

 

 

 

Over two dozen members of the “Albany Coalition" questioned a recruiter from AT&T about his
company's policies on hiring minority workers, and AT8iT's relation with the defense department.
.siIi-cr

Students Confront AT&T Recruiter

by Glenn von Nostitz
()vcr two don-ii iiiciiibci's of llic

“Albany (Yoalilion iiivadcd llic
placcmciil til‘I'icc lf‘l‘llltl)‘ at noon.
demanding to sec Mr, Lynn l)c-
l’aolo. a rccruilor from lhc Ameri-
can 'l'clcplionc Si 'l‘clcgrapli Com-
pany. 'l‘hc coalitionists bargcd
their way into an adjoining con-
t'crence room. whcrc Dcl’aolo was
meeting with students. and began
to barrass and liccklc him. calling
him “Mr. Pig."

The coalition members dc-
mantlcd that Del’iiolo explain to
them why A'l‘&’l‘ hires womcn.
blacks. and I’uerto R icans for low-
cr ccliclon jobs only, while it liircs
only white males for thc supcr-
visory and managerial positions.

Del’aolo was also queried about

A'I‘Kr'l"s dcl'ciisc contracts. pai'li'
cularly for lhc controversial Siil'c~
guard ABM syslciii and lbc “auto-
iiialcd lialllct‘icld" licing used in
Vicliiiiin. A'I'Ki'l' is onc of Ihc
dcfcnsc dcparlnicnt‘s primc cori-
lractors. 'l'lic li-lcplionc corpora-
tion also cnopcialcs willi the FBI
in tapping the pholics of radicals
and other “iindcsiriiblcs.”

At'tcr rcl'using to answer any of
tlic questions. l)cl’aolo left the
placcmcnt ol't‘icc. and \’.’l"ll to tbi
l'ati'oon Room for lunch He wa-
l‘ollowcd by approximately lwci-
ly ol' the coalition numbers.
chanliiig “Ma Bell. (lo tr llcll."
'l‘hc dciiionstriitors liiirraiscrl the
rccruilor while he was .‘tlllilL'
lunch. and explained to .t’LlH‘I'
Imumn Room customers the rea-

sons for their actions, They iin-
nounccd that they were “happy
to be disturbing your lunch."

Further actions against re-
cruiters are expected this week.
Marine Corps rccruitor will be on
‘ampus 'l‘uesdiiy. and on Thurs-
day. a recruitoi from the Women's
Army Corps will n'cet with stu-
dents, On Friday the largest of the
demonstrations is planned against
a recruiter from the Chase Man-
hattan Rank. Explains one coali-
tioii .neinber: "We want to hit
them hard about being Rocky's
bank." The actions are L'xpeclcd
to intensify as the \vecl. pro-
gresst: and the coalition has
“warned the placement office"
that Friday's action "was the last
chance for them."

 

 

Delaney & Bonnie & Friends

 

Billy Preston

 

Ken Loggins & Jim Messina

 

giiiii .ui/i Ill
llilIr/l lh

ltr'li/inls /HI .\I l'/ lt’.\'i' l/\' iii/l M
'm l/It (( Iiii/i/

(formerly of Buffalo Springfield & Poco)

tickets now

 

on sale

MARCH 17th... Doors open at 9 pm

$2.50 with tax and ID $5 with proof of age

It the CC Lobby

funded by student fox

 

 

 

 

'l'UlCSl)/\Y. M/\l{(,‘l| M. 1071‘.

/\l .l'i/\NY S'l‘lil llCN'l' l’lx’ l-IEiS

PAGE I":

 

 

 

