  
  
  

  

l
I
l
I
l

    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
   
     
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  

       
 
  
  
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

‘ON THE BP/GH‘IEI? 5/DE, 65035225. .

. 7HE 0DD5 APE,

b.

6/070 T0 38% 50MEONE W/LL EVENTUALLY FIND us!
Resort Area Suffers $20 Million in Flood Damage;

Navy does Rain/War Dance in Cal.

by Eric Maiikiii
xl/ierIIu/Ii'c Features Service

The weather of an entire
Southern California county is
being used as a guinea pig to test
Navy rainmaking devices, despite
an attempted U.S. Senate ban on
meteorological warfare.

Working under a contract with
the US Naval Weapons Center
at China Lake, Calif., a company
called North American Weather
Consultants has been carrying
out tests ot"‘precipitation modi
fication (IL-Vices" in Santa Bar
bara County for at least four
years-tests which they plan to
continue this winter.

The tests Involve the dispersal
of the chemical silver rodrdr-
from l‘fuscs" which burn,
sending the silVer compound iii
the form of finely dispersed
smoki- particles into selected
cloud formations. The silver pro-
Vldcs nuclei around which rain
drops condense. According to a
North American spokesman,
under appropriate conditions list-
of the lust-cs increases rainfall by
some .50 per cent

No control over the project Is
exercised by the residents of
Santa Barbara County, a resort
area which has suffered over $20
million of flood damages over
the past three years The only
t'lVllliIll regulation of thc proii-ct
currently In force is that an
posed by the California Depart
ment of Water Resources, which
issues licenses for rainniakmg
attempts in the stati-

Under California law, licensees
must plilillal‘r a “notice of inti-ii
iron” prior to beginning rain
making operations and flll' a
report on operations immedi
.ricly altr-r rainmaking attempts
riIr- roiir'liirlcil. IIowuvrr, state
law ('tllllitllih no provrsion for
public linirmgs or other means
by which (,‘llIIAHtH might express
their rmu'tioiiii to proposed rain
making projects. HIf soineonc

objected,“ a state official said,
“they would have to file a suit.
The state does not have any set
procedure."

According to John Thompson,
who is directing the Navy pro-
jr-ct for North American, the
Santa Barbara tests have “no
military applications, as such."
China Lakc Naval Weapons Cen
ter “just happens to be Wherr-
this research is done If you're
thinking in terms of military
applications, there are none as
far as I know "

Senator (.‘laihorne I’cll of
Ithon Island has charged, how
ever, that US forces in liiilo
t'llltlu are engaged lll raininakiug
ovi'r Victnani, both to clear tar
get areas of clouds for later
bombing and also~it is charged
to flood art-as, in combination
wrth bombing and wr-akr-Iniig of
the North Vietnamese (liki-
system Asked aboiil this by a
rcporlcr from the Santa IliiI'IuiI’ii
.\'cics‘ and “mum, 'I'liiilnpsoii
replied “if you estimate the
amount of damage done In
impeding somr-onc's transporla
tron thy flooding) as opposed to
blownig them up or burning
them tip, I don't llnnk it's so
inrmoral "

'I'hc pro]ch director denied
that there was any connection
between Navy financed rain
making activrtics and thc disas
irons Santa Itarbara floods of
[will and ltl7l In ltltiH, In-
.ickiiowleiigcil, cloud seeding
opt-rations Wcrc carried on III the
montlis before the January,
lllfi‘.) overflow, "but Wlll'll Il
lH't'ilnll' apparent that then-
would be problems, We ccascil
opcralions 'I'lir- Witlt'isltt'tl was
completely saiiiralerl, tire on:-
IlIrIig tht area didn‘t lil't'tl was
more rain '

According to 'I‘hompson, llir-
blth'r iodide rainmaking method
has Itir effects Within only a few
hours of dispersal of the chenn

cal, and leaves no residue in the
environment

Weather control apparently
remains a part of the US. at
senal in Asia, despite Senate
protest A recent nI‘Ws item in
the armed forces publication
Stars and Stripes mentioned that
planes based at Kiirat Air Force
Base, 'I‘hailand, wrirr- engaged in
a variety of missions, "Including
r-loiidseeding "

Senator Gaylord Nelson of
Wisconsin recently attempted to
write into this year‘s military
procurement authorization a
provrsion against "thc disscmma
turn (If ciiltlpnicul or IllHlt’llt“
lions, or the procuring ol‘agctils
for starting firestorins. or using
wcatlicr inodifuuitioii as a
Weapon of war "

The Nelson proVIsious wr-rr-
t'llttlllllttlt'll in conference With
llic House of Itcprr-scntalivcs,
when the House crinl'cn-cs oh
ii-i'lcil that "How was Iiol avail
able to gatlicr information to
I'\‘.illlalc tlic cft'ccls such an
amendment might Iraic on Dr-
partmr-iil ol l)cl'r-ii.~a- ripcra
lions" air iilnr-i'lion sonic lcgisla
tivr- oliscrvt-rs look as an Indlca
tiori that raiiimakiiig remains
part of the American .irsi'Iial in
Asia

Ilescnrclicrs corilaclcd at t'liiria
l..ikc worc iiiialili- cillici to coir
liriii or deny that tlic rlcricr-s
licing tcslcrl Ill Santa Ilarbaia
wr-ri- llii- sainc as thosc usr-rl oyci
Indochina 'l'lir-y .iclriiowlr-rlgcrl,
litIWl'Vl‘l', that tlcriccs designed
at l'liiiia lulkt‘ were Ill usc III
military opt-rations in Okinawa.
Ill" l’lirlippiiir-s. and Alaska

lr- illlllllr-Ill to ('lniiri Lake
research on rarumalriiig is .Ilsti
ri-portt'tlly lII progress at at least
two other locations Cast St
Louis, where the Air Force
operates a center at Scott I"Icld.
and the l'liiVIroInni-Iital 'l'cch
Iiology Applications Center, in
Snitland, Maryland.

Pampering the Powerful

In an cxciusivc interview in the Washington Siar Newt
last week. President Nixon called for an cud to tlu'  r,. .,i'
pcrmissivoccss." He spoke of instilling a llr"«,\ '.,,.ti
.rcliancc" in the American people during his \t‘trillil' yin,
and compared the avcragc American to a child p. WW]
and catered to by too many governmcntal pl'irgi'aliin

Tilt. "pampering" Nixon mentioned was .in
rcfcrr-iirc .r- the social domestic prrvcriy prograrr
last dcrad3. At best, those programs lailcrl ll» _ v
many r‘ Light up in "the poverty cytlc." Ar \er : v 

wci'c dismal failures that caused ucw llilstiai _,t
sliattc"cd lripcs. But to szly that the llrlllrr‘l
paprncrr d by them is air absurdity.

Ni.\ it" statements seem to lay to rcsi tlic tr >
sonic WllII felt h s huge reelection iii.ii;'ll.
stll‘tst‘lllt’tit unconccru with future rc r'li'tr'l-' I
rcsut lll i‘-.Issl\’c new sound welfare lllt'dslllr . Iv
from i s most recent statements that Illi' ripprrui
Morc ;; v\‘t‘tlltllt.'tlt "Intervention" will be l't‘ﬁbli‘rl
in (I s will. 'iil‘sot‘ltil Welfarr.

Inierc tiiigly. Nixon fails to ltotitr' .i tltitllilc .-r v v:

 

L'\’ldt"ll in his new call for self-reliance. 'l‘lrc tli'l" r ..

militar; programs continue to rob [llt' publir ..r
billions of dollars and pinup money into "oir-rl, r'

tlicsc lrograms that lead to thc (lclit'tltli‘llir’ "
president seems to abhor: dcpclldciicc rrl rlclrr
tractors on the government and dcpcndcntc ol rrrr‘
Alllt‘l'IJIIIIS on the defense industry to .rrliicic
stability. but Nixoa docs not see the dcpcrirlr'.
govcriiiiir-rital dcfcusc contracts as "painpcriiig." N r .l
he dcrrnc govcrrnncnt subsidatiou ol tlt‘lt'll\i' rrrrl 
faced \'.’lllI bankruptcy (Lockheed bcin‘rgr Illt' nrmi .r:
example; as "pamp:ring." It is only the poor ‘.\'
Pilllllitit‘tl by the government in thc Nixoniari \lr".\ .‘ .ri
is easy in see why when one studies tlrc Iolc big I».

played 1 i raiderwritiiig the Republican tarnpaigrr rliw

Thc 'lt‘Httlt‘ltl'S record has been wcakcsi tIlI rl

lsslics. llis administration has done little to ir-bilrlr
tombng poverty. provide jobs. His politics hr
sistciitly lavrrrcd big busiucss ovcr poor \ylriic .Illrl i-
group lItL‘ll!r)i't'\..

It appsai‘s his second term Wlll ollcr ltttli' r ‘r c
the first. It is a tragic llttlltdtltill ol What "I

Years" \\'|ll Iiicau to the poor and priWr't'lt'ss.

Campus Chest a Success

'I'oo iilti’ll. ilic bright spots rrl iarripic. llli .rr‘ lr
tlrc lloorl rrl rritirisrn and rcrrrrrrrnairoii so roiriiir
rampus and on the cdiioiial pagcs ol ilrc .'\\l’
(Inc of ilrcsc bright spots is (farnpus ('criir-r..r rli‘
this ycar surrcsslully raiscrl dcspcraicli llt't'tll‘il ii.
ilic Head Start l’rograiii.

('anipiis (flicsi was not <illl\ .r liiiarrrial um-
lirrirrarriniir siurcss also. Kiudciits sold prn’W
(..ll|lttli‘. t ciricr lobby. /\ (fampus (flicsi lorrir I

'llir (lam. rrl I‘I7-l grivc .i iloiiatirrii. 'llir- l.ir‘-
spoiisoicd .r liakc salc, Iii slrrrii. Iltt' t'\i iii biotic”
togcilici. .lll orriiIr-iiic \‘Vliltll is iirriic irro lltll'l‘
Albany Staic rarnpus.

(:ll.lll\‘\‘iilllt'tl Sue l’allas and honour lsirlrrrrr
we think was .i Iiiosi .ippropiiaic slogan Ioi (to l
p-iiiiicy ol a thousand Itlllt‘s l)i'gitis Willi olir' ‘.||||
(fampiis (Ilicsi biouglri iliis rainpic. lost our r'w
toward .I sense of Lilltlllllllllty and toward rrr.rl.r:r.- ,

illii‘. lllt'll wc liclicvc their strenuous clloris in Mr

iiirrrc than t'ttilttlltllt' bcnclli.

 

.‘_____________.___#

PACE SIX

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER lit r

 

 

   

  

‘il.’

--mus-u-”..i-uu-uuu-n... .. .

Communications

  

   

     
  

 

Hood against student-run birth clinic

To the Editor:

In response to the letter of Barbara Matilsky in the
November 3rd, Friday Albany Student Press con-
cerning SUNY - A Birth Control Clinic — Dream or
Reality.

Under no circumstances will any special group of
students set up a birth control or gynecology clinic
in the Student Health Service. I did not agree to
unyone’s setting up “a once a week clinic.” There
has been ii misunderstanding here to say the very
least. When a clinic is set up it will be by those
delegated to do so and on the basis of need and in
accordance with priorities. Meanwhile, it is for
Planned Parenthood to determine what workload
they can or will carry, not any student group. There
are many other agents and agencies in the com»
munity in addition to Planned Parenthood which
are already able to provide conception control.

As a matter of fact much thought and careful
planning has gone into this subject and it is possible
that if and when we have such a clinic it might be
set up to serve the entire university community. As
of now, students‘ needs are being met satisfactorily
by existing agencies.

I repeat, if such a clinic is set up it will he set tip
by the Student Health Service just as any other part
of our program to serve the whole student com-
munity or even perhaps the university community
and it will not be sponsored by any special group of
students.

Just as we anticipach the need for gynecologists

 

’Jesus, be my guide...’

To the Editor:

I would like to submit this, that came from my
essence: to all who wish to reflect upon it I am new
to Jesus and I have many troubles and doubts, many
of which are shared by othcrs on campus This
prayer came spontaneously after l left a prayer
group tonight, for I was very troulilr-rl about Iny
faith, about my loyalty to the Lord I was in the
library studying Rt’h‘ltl/t‘ntt‘ltls oIi t‘oritrricts, and
those around me kept swearing “Jr-ran.“ To HIV, at
that moment, they weren't cursing they wr-rr-
stimuli to induce me to put down my books, take a
piece of paper, and write the flow ot my t'otl
sciousni-ss. 'l‘he followmg Is what cainr- I hope
you‘ll priiil it iiol for me, liiil for the t'trrrstiaii
community on campus for their benefit

".lcsus, lIt' IIIy girirlc, IIIy iIis/Iirrilrrrli’ I it!” uh
worthy to he 4;] you but llt my .vcl/Ishlicss, I Il'tIIII to
[w o/ you I am If Ioirilr man, one o/ lliosi [or iiiIIoIIi
you ilicII on “14‘ cross, to swim [or r'tr‘riiily, Keep IIH'
ril yoiii'sIIIc, Lori] I'I‘illal‘ you, Luril’

"h'iiri'cl .lcsus, corcI IIii' It'll/I your goorIIicss ririd
ll/I‘ I Iiccrl coIIsirIrrlioIr III this IiIr-II world I IUtIIII Io
hc with you, \cl / it!” o/ l/iis iuorlrI, also [don't
tlt'h/IIH‘ IIl\ Iroily, [till I Ir‘IItIIll that Its [till/IS rlis/ilcrisc
\Ull 'I'i'rir'Ii IIll', I.rrrII. Irricli IIic so that I IIltI_\’ tic It'd
lr \Iltil Ii/c “I nor IIIt’ ltiiy, IIic Truth, and thc
Iiglil ' I'll’ilM' -/c.sii.» gii'c IIlt’ IIir' It’iIIiiI, tciir'li Illt'

irrur ili’NIll's ilIIiIIIiiic III\ [Ill/ll

tllrril ill]! I but ri [Hull Iiiriii, slriigglim,r icilIiIII (I
II will] so rrguirisl your li‘ls/li'n‘ IIIIII' may I .si’lt'i' you,
Ir-rrl IIrIiI itlll / sciri' tori, I,oI'rI‘ I ,ttlli' to ion /or
III! tl'illll rs rim/hing /HI IIII’ Iiirl /riI i/iosr III it till“!
an r:/ irrii l'irIi~.c you I.oI'iIl .

I'Icrrsc I.oIiI, lli'ill "11' “I!” listen I IIriir llII/t’ to
ii/Ill \ttll lIuI I tI'illII lrr gii'i' “Will I ltilti’ Ill you I
III" c IrIiIcrl you IIIiIII_\ IiIIics Ill IIu- [Inst liul lrIoII'I
“will to [rule mind] again IIcI/I IIIt', IoI‘iI, you lttlltl
riic Ihc I IlirIIri/c ('riIII/Iii‘ti'r‘ I [now [iii/ct] rIIuI IliIllt'
goirc rlti'il\ /rorri you "only tIIIir's I am ll iiiciilr
,Icisrrri IlIIt llt’I/l IIIl‘, l.orrI you IItIl’t’ Ilt’l’t‘l' /iiiIcrI
llti I roll on you crriislriIIIIy for slrcrigth, unit I Itl't'(l
ion Iltttl’ IIIIII'I' IhrrII I‘cr' l’l‘t‘l’ IIiIII lIcl/I IIN', I.orrIl

I'Icirsc’ 'I'Iirougli you, .lcstis, lusI.‘ this "

Thank you, and the Lord be witli you, always
t‘IiiiI'Ics Sullivan

 

and provided that service years ago, we have long
considered the possibility of birth control on
campus and have worked closely with Planned
Parenthood and Albany Family Planning to keep
abreast of needs and to consider various possibitiv
ties. We are still working on it.

When and if we do it, it will be done right. This
takes professional staff, space, time and money.

Janet Hood M1).
DirecIor

Strident Health Service

Can't keep a cat

To the Editor:

Lust semester, l was assigned tI room in Mohican
Hall, on Indian Quad. The girl I was assigned to live
with was living with her boyfriend in the dorm.
After] arrived, her boy friend remained in the room
with us. I brought this up to my dorm director and
nothing was done. So for the entire semester I had
two roommates, one of which was not welcomed by
me. Then too, there are the few things which the
university allows to go on in the dorms which I
consider harmful to my welfare. They are the
following:

1) drinking is allowed in the dorms, and thus gives
the students the opportunity of getting drunk. If the
students would stay in their rooms, it would be all
right, but parties seem to go on all night which
hinder my studying, and thus my education, as well
as my right to peace and quiet.

ill the pcoplt‘ on the floor use the toilet, but
forget tliirl there are other people around, and so
forget how to use the toilet, or else they get sick
and can't be bothered with cleaning it up. This too
is a violation of my welfare, which the university is
supposed to be concerned with. To top this off, the
woman who has the courage to face this garbage
everyday Is told that she does not clean right, and
has to fight for her job. If the girls don't have
enough respect for themselves to keep the place
decent, then it is no one's fault but their own, and
not the cleaning woman’s.

It) the university reserves the right to inspect our
rooms rrt any time; this is un invasii . If my right to
privacy, which is gnaranted to me by the Bill of
Rights.

None of these things seem to affect the university
system, but the one thing that does affect it, is
the possession of a small animal residing in the dorm
who bothers no one. This animal happens to be my
kitten, which I have receiver] notice to remove from
my room. Since I don't have a roommate, because
the girl who Was with me moved out to live with her
friend, the kitten does not disturb a roommate, as
my former roommate's boyfriend was doing, The
kitten has been trained to stay in the room, so she
does iiol run otit to the hall Where she might
frighten or get in people's way, as the parties which
go on at night do. She knows how to use a litter
box, and would rather die than go to the bathroom
any place chic. This means that her bathroom is
clean, because she appreciates a life that is clean and
not offensive or troublesome to the humans around
her, whereas somc humans don't even have this
sense of decency. ‘I‘he kitten stays in her room
guaranteeing other people's right to privacy. She
never cries out Williotit reason, and usually is so
quiet that if I didn't know she was in there, I would
believe she was gone. 'I‘herefore, she respects

othcr's rights to peace and quiet, which some
humans In the dorm do not do, Yet, this kitten is
told she has to leave. I'd like to know Why? If you
say that I signed a contract agreeing to this
condition, then I would like to know if legally, a
pamphlet stating rules, which you are Iiol asked if
you agree Willi, is considered a contract” What I
signed was an application form for a room, not a
contract. .

Apparently the university is concerned only With
certain types of welfare, sortie of which are Iiot
beneficial to inc, but then perhaps only particular
people are given these rights, and others aren't ll'l
am forced to give up a cieature ol (lod, I Will claim
that she is my property, although she is really the
property of her creator, and no one else. In this
world she is Inlltc, and to remove her from my
possession I will consider another violation of the
privileges granted me as a citizen of the United
States of America, through the (‘onslilution

Thank you.

Sincerely yours,
()riIt Sisto

A'Benezer not "on edge"

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. von Nostltz for
his article regarding President Benezet's participation on my talk
show. “Intercourse,” November 8th, on WSUA. It was well~written
and informative for readers who missed the show. However, [would
like to comment on two points in his story. Mr. von Nostitz wrote,
"...and Benezet appeared on edge throughout the hour long
program." I definitely did not think this was the case at all. The
callers asked intelligent questions, and Dr. Benezet replied in an
honest and relaxed manner. I had no guests in the studio except his
wtfe.

Also, the article mentions a caller inquiring about S.A. President
Nike [Ampert's recent column in the ASP, and Benezet’s response. It
should have noted that the President remarked he hadn't seen the
ASP that day, thereby couldn’t comment speciﬁcally about the
column. i thought it was an informative show, and our audience's
interest and participation was very gratifying.

Sincerely yours,

Phil CIiansky
Producer and Host
WSUA's "Intercourse"

Justice for 60 year-old students

To the Editor:

I feel hesitant to comment on a situation in which I am not
directly involved, but. I feel a reply is needed to Prof. Hauser's letter
in your issue of October 20.

Professor Hauser: The injustice of a healthy 60-year-old student
asking for a space at the near end of the parking lot is obvious when
We consider the plight of the poor under 30 faculty member who
then has to walk from the far end.

Yes Professor, equal rights for all! But let us not forget the
disabled and old, both faculty and student!

Why should all users of the parking facilities on any SUNY
campus, under a certain age (say 50) not be required to park in any
available parking area?

Your response to this problem seems to indicate an attitude typical
of SUNY faculty. An attitude that seems to say: We are employees
of the system and we will be here after you are gone, therefore we
should have special privileges. What this attitude does to further the
educational process is questionable.

Yours for/usticc for all,

Bob Lush

Editor, Tower

Ulster County Community College
Stone Ridge, New York

Chinese Studies Offered

To the SUNYA Community

Gently I stir a White feather fan,

With 0an shirt sitting in It green wood.

link” “fr my cup and hang it on a jutting stone;

A wind from the pine-trees trickles on my bare head.

7 a poem by Li Po (700-762)

This coming semester, we are rather fortunate in the Chinese
Department to have with us two young and brilliant educators-Ling
Chung Odell and Helen Sun. Of the two literature courses being
offered in the spring (Survey of Classical Literature and Modern
Chinese Literature in Translation), the former will be conducted by
Ling Chung Odell, who is knowlegeuble in both Classical Japanese
and Chinese, and whose new book, Women Poets of China, will be
published early in 1973. Modern Chinese Literature in Translation
will be taught by Helen Sun, Who after winning the Samuel Goldwyn
Creative Writing Award early in her career, has recently won the
Chia-hsin Annual Award (Taiwan) for The Best Novel of the Year.
lIer course will include a survey of the literary scene from the 1919
May Fourth Revolution to recent publications of Chairman Mao.
Much emphasis will be placed on the writings of Lil-shun, “the
father of modern Chinese literature."

Those interested in taking either language or literature courses,
plcasc register first, and then at your leisure, contact Mrs Odell in
room 365 of the Humanities building for more information. See you
in class!!

Marl; S Itcrgniuli

 

 

j

l-a.r II in ’.r'.‘

, ' H a: -,r-i-r.r é

 
 

 .. writ. iri. ....
\ l u ' martian,- \l limp”

 

\ H U |ri|lli|ill|itrii
HUI um- Mw Mm” ml. .I..r. Iitlllsllty, .rrraur-r ,,, ,"V

 

".m-

\tlicrli-iug charm..."
utrl

r. or. \tlsl'ilinlllg \i.rr..,-.-.

\ilsltIIt-Ii
. .r '

 
 

 

 

ow.»

to... rarr- or. ran...
r, Ir“ m

 

Vicinu tau...

HM” “mm In i.i.r..r irirr..r .m, ,,,.,,.,,,,,,,

...i .... r

r imam Ira mum-i
an, an...“

 r. Herririrrr

      

rarrr.

ri'rm iarr...
.,,,., r .. i.tirl

 

r  "or..." no..."
\ Ntlttll
in ion“ Lair...
mm Irlulhh'
I’hniugiapht Earn...

 

rtasul \lriwyk
42.! Iron um i. , i. V

I
thy llil tarrurui umra

  

 

.
an inn ldlluii-l puhty a an

 

 

 

 

 

 

'I'UI‘ISI'JAY, NOVEMBER id, 197'}.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVEN

     
  

  
   
   
        
 
 
  

          

