PAGE 16

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1972

Eco-Commandos Take First Prize!

Ecotage - reprisals against environmental polluters-
represents an increasingly popular form of protest.
So popular, in fact, that on February 11 of last
year, an ecotage contest was announced. Of 750
entries submitted, one emerged as a first prize
winner: a group from Miami called the Eco-
-Commando Force '70.

The following description of the activities of the
Eco‘Commandos is taken from Ecotaget. Ecotage! is
an environmental action book published by Pocket
Books, edited by David Obsl and Sam Love, and
costs $1.25.

On the morning of Wednesday, April 22, 1970, as
an estimated 20 million Americans were preparing
to take part in Earth Day activities across the
country, a young landscape architect in Miami
rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and painfully arose.
His body ached, and he was covered with mosquito
bites. His arms and legs were scratched, and his
hands were a sickly shade of yellow. He groaned,
slowly got dressed, and went to work.

In other parts of town, four other young men and
women woke up in similar states of discomfort,
dressed and slowly made their way to their jobs.

Unbeknownst to their co-workcrs and even their
families, these five were members of a clandestine
guerrilla organization which had just launched one
of the most bizarre assaults in American history.
The night before, the ﬁve had successfully attacked
six serage treatment plants and two motels in the
Miami vicinity.

The secret organization that masterminded the
plot was called Eco-Cannundo Force '70 - and it was
one of the most unorthodox and unusual guerrilla
organizations the world had ever seen. Its members
espoused no one political philosophy. They did not
carry weapons and they abhorred the use of
violence. Their enemies were those who pollute or
allow the continued pollution of southern Florida,
their tactics were aimed at educating the local
population, and their goal was the protection of the
environment.

On the night of April 21st, five of the Eco-
Commundocs had left a secret base in Coconut
Grove and drchn to a nearby sewage treatment
plant, parking their curs a safe distance away.
Dressed all in black, they had quietly scalcd a fence,

ruck past a sleepy guard and entered the dimlyAlit
plant. Each then had made directly for one of the
huge sewage tanks and had lobhcd in a “bonb”
containing a powerful but harmless yellow dye.

With military precision, they had rcgroupcd, left
the plant and scurried for the fence. ’I'lien, orin
seconds away from freedom, disaster nearly struck.
The fence hcnt under the weight of one of the
commandocs, the guard was awakened. and he
called the police. As the ﬁve had reached their two
cars and begun to drive away, they were confronted
by a state trooper. The two commando autos each
went a different direction, and when the trooper
caught up with one of them, all he found wus a
couple parked by the side of the road, locked in a
heavy embrace.

Undaunted by their near-capture, the guerrillas
had rcgrouped and repeated their attacks on five
other sewage plaan and topper] off the campaign by
flushing dye down the toilets of the Howard
Johnson Motor Lodge and the Airport Crossways
Inn, two motels which have their own small sewage
treatment facilities. They had than notified the
press and gone home.

Next morning, the reason behind the attack
became clear. Half of Dude County's notorioust
polluted canals had turned bright ycllow from the
dye - and they stayed that way for most of the day.
The predictions and warnings of the Eco-
Commundo Forcc '70 were provcn correct. The dye
did not float out of the canals and into the occun.
And if the dyc didn't, then thc scwugi- certainly
didn ‘t, t‘lilll'l‘.

   
 
 
   

EBBIE THE EEP

 

r“
to

or m: M St 1/75 0
AND arm; A

  

 

For a country which was only taking the first few
rudimentary steps towards educating itself about
environmental problems, the Eco-Commando Force
’70 of Miami was amazingly sophisticated. Its
members had analyzed some of the environmental
problems of the area and chosen one which was
severe enough to warrant attention, yet localized enough to
yield to pressure. rI‘hey has devised an approach
which was harmless enough not to antagonize the
citizenry, graphic and during enough to arouse
interest, and serious enough to embarrass local
officials. ’I‘hcy has consulted their lawyer before-
hand. Their timing was pcrfect. And they had
cultivated an excellent relationship with the press.

Best of all, the Eco-Commandocs had hit upon a
spectacular strategy. They remained anonymous to
create an‘ aura of mystery. They nourished their
guerrilla image so that no one was able to guess at
their strength. And they were able to "raise the
stakes" of the conflict by hovering ut the fringes of
illegal activity. As one of the commandoes noted to
a reporter some months later, “Although we have
committed a couple of misdemeanors ‘ mostly
trespass - we consider the risks worthwhile. Our
crimes are miniscule compared to the hundreds of
crimes that are being commitecd daily on our
environment, We honcstly believe we are fighting
for our lives."

After the April 21st raid, the Eco-Commandocs
disappeared from sight. Local officials had been
annoyed and embarrassed by the uclion, but. thcy
(lid not expect more trouble and were confident.
that thc guerrillas would not hc hard to track down
if the situation demanded it. On both couan they
were mistaken. .

On the morning of July -lth, a day on which Dude
County's beaches are traditionally packed with
residents and tourists, curly risers were stunned to
find bright red, official warning signs posted. The
signs, never before seen on Florida beaches, said:

. N " GON
EXP IT! 7H!-
nreiiiimamii. magma
talisman/rs, I‘ROPUCTIVF ramp ~ I
0
arm/m :rrrzzia'. 0,5 7”]qu

 

 

DANGER
POLLUTED
N0 FISHING
NO SWIMMING
POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS CONCENTRATIONS OF
PATHOGENIC BACTERIA HAVE BEEN FOUND AT OR
NEAR THIS LOCATION. SWIMMERS AND FISHERMEN
RISK INFECTION AND DISEASE.
DO NOT REMOVE THIS NOTICE

 

 

Dude County officials were furious at the deed
and hastily removed the H00 signs from four major
beaches, but thousands of holiday fun-und-sun-
suckers had bccn jollcrl by lhc signs, The Eco
(foinmaridocs‘ Communique No 12 was i-vcn anI‘l'
strongly worded lhun lhcir lirsl

“Many Miunuuns will I'i-i-l thcmsclvcs i-vconvcn
iciiccd by our aclrous," il \Hltl “Do not direct your

 

 

"Our crimes are miniscule compared to the hundreds of crimes that are being committed

daily on our environment. We honestly believe we are fighting for lighting for our lives,”

 

 

To cmphasizc their demonstration, thl- attackers
issued the followuig prcss rr-lcasc, which lhry called
Communique No, l :

“As part of thc cclcbraliou of Earth Day," II said.
“EcoCommando l"l)f|'l‘ '70 this morning utluckcd a
number of sewage tri-utincnl plants and buMiu-sscs
which arc polluting I)adc (lounty's streams and
canals, A harmlcss, bright yellow ilyc was pluccd iil
thi- dischargc points of the plants, and, when-
[)Uhhllﬂt‘, in the plant.» themselves The dye patches
will show what happens to the sewage that is
dumped into our wutcrways. 1f the dyi- is not
carried very fur downstream from the plants, rem
dents should be warned of possible dangerously high
concentrations of pollutants due to luck of stream-
flow.

"Dade County citizens need not worry about this
attack - unless their drinking water turns yellow,"

anger at Eco-('knnmundo l‘kil‘t'c '70 WI' did not
allow those hour-hm Io lit-conic dangerously pol
lutcil Wi- h:ch only dom- .I pd) which llu- public
officials chrii‘gcd Willi pron-cling your welfare havi-
ri-fuscd lo do Dirt-ct your ungcr ill [hi-so malfcu
aunts who i-nilaiigi-r your lu-ullli "

"Whi-ii lhcsi- night. are lulu-n down, Willl'll lbi-y Wlll
lic," it coiilinui'il, “11w llt'.|('l1l'\ will In- no In»
polluted, no less dangerous I! will hc dangerous to
fish or swim in thc Miami ur'cu until wr- haw-
udi-quatc si-wugc lrt'ulnicnl facilities lhilil “11'”, for
your own safely. wr- urgi- l);irlc (founty ri-sidi-nls to
take their i'hlldrcn lo sWInimiug pools inslcad of illl'
beach. We urge tourists to go to the Bahamitx or “11'
Caribbean Islands where the water is clean "

'I‘he Communique also documented 1h. pollution
claims, remunting the prom accounts of swimmers
"bumping into" flouting lumps of human femur, and

  
  

 

NA an

L405; iiir
NLLVTANT.’
we Musr Exrasr IT on

 
 
  

    

explained how Dude officials arrived at safe pollu-
tion levels by waiting for the best wind and tides
because of pressure from tourist hotels.

The Independence Day raid caused a much greater
stir than the ﬁrst raid for it struck at the heart of
Miami‘s economy. County Manager Hoke Welch
dismissed the pollution warnings as "contrary to
fact," but he would no elaborate further to thr-
press. Dadc County Sheriff E, Wilson Purdy was
instructed to arrest the Eco-Commandocs, but he
was unable to specify a charge, much less to find the
guerrillas.

By now, the EcrrCommando Force '70 was
beginning to acquire ii national reputation for
imagination, a sense of the spectacular, political
perceptiveness and a Robin Hood-like wilincss. True
to style, however, the Force went underground,
choosing to wait for just the right moment rather
than risking overexposure and loss of effectiveness.
The right moment did not come until the middle of
October.

On October 20th and Zist, Miami played rather
unwilling host to a federal-state water quality
enforcement conference. These conferences are
called by the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) when it feels that a locality is not. proceeding
at a rapid enough paci- in upgrading its walcr
standards and its water trcatmcnt facilities. (Back in
1970, this same task was carried out by tho
nowilcfunct Federal Water Quality Administra-
tion). Although the federal govvrnmcnt does not
aughorizc cocrcivo mousurcs at such a conference, it
listens to thc problems .iiid promises of local
officials and attempts to instill a sense of urgcncy in
them. In some cases, local officials arc ovcn ublt to
persuade the EPA that. they are moving as rapidly as
is "feasible" and that they should be left in peace.
The Eco-Commandoes feared that such might be the
case in Miami and they hit upon a publicity stunt
which would strengthen the hand of the federal
uuthoriti 's.

Miami's scwugc treatment process is among the
crudesl., c 'pcst. and most. ineffective in the coun-
try. It cons of a plant. which grinds the sewage
and a pipe which cxtcnds 12,000 fcet. out. into llH‘
Atlantic Ocean. Forty million gallons of raw sewage
are pumped out driin ‘ and since it is carried by
fresh water, it rises to the surface of the ocean
where it is pushed about by winds and tides. Miami
officials claim it is curried out to scu by the (lulf
Stream, but most Floridians know better and they
huvr snrcusticully dubbed the area around the
sewage outfall “the Rose Bowl."

 

 

 

 

()n the night of October 22nd, iiflcr tow missions
Wl'l‘l' aborted doc to high winds, llic gucrrillas set
out in u motorboat to the writer of ['10 putrid
“Rosc Bord." 'l‘hcri', directly ovnr‘ Ihc outfall pipc,
lhcy rclcnscd nearly 700 sculcil hollli-s. 1n cuch
bollll' was a card which was marked “H ()H " on
one sidc and which containcd un cxplunulion of tho
‘1i'il('l)l|1m.|lulu action on llio olhcr 'l‘v.'o olhi-r
curds wi-rc lllt‘llltlt'tl, one to [ho goVi-i'uor of l“lt!i'1ll.|
.iiid tho othcr to tlic cililoi' of Ihc Miami .V‘cii's
'l'hcy road

“This card was pliici-rl in a drill bollli- ir-li-asi-il
dirr'clly ovr-r llIc curl of [he Miami Iii-.n'li si-wr-r
oulfall which dumps ruw, IiiIlrciiti'd sewage inlo thc
occnu 'I'hi.» drifl lilllllt' Wu.“ found h\' (name,
.idrll‘css), it was found ul (llH‘illIllll) 'l'his drill hold:-
was moved b\' the some wuul .uul curri-nls lli.||
niovr- lllt' raw scwagi- 'l'lllh' lH Will‘IltH Ml.-\MI'H
Hl'IW/Uil') (1()I'IS "

.‘\f1ci' lwclvr- days, own '1!) cards ll.l(l ln-cn lt’
lurncd lo the Africa from Honda regions, including
15.1 from Hollywood, )6 li'oln l"inl l..illdciil.IlI', I
from Vi-ro llcucb (1130 nillcs from Mmuii) and I
from Mi-lhoii |l' (a distance of l 10 miles)

l‘lvr-n if the l‘Ico (‘riiiiinando Forci- "I0 iii-vcr
ri-sorls to ccotagc again, II will hch uiudc a
permanent mark on the criVironiiiciltul inovcnu-nt In
the Uintcil Stiitcs. Ila actions hch rcccivcd wulc
publicity, and other».- arouud the country lum- been
inspired to begin to take control of their own livcii
and their own communities.

 

 
   

 

 

 

r
’ ALBANY
. PRESS

Vol. LlX No. 7

State University of New York at Albany

Friday, February 11, 1972

 

President Benezet

 

With Puerto Rican Studies Demands

Confronted

 

 

THE DEMANDS

 

 

llpon “benign neglect“ of the SUNYA Administration the l’ucrto Rican slurlcnts haw confronted and
dcmandcd ii positivc stutcmcnt us to a future Pucrto Ricun Studios Dcpt, for ll1l‘ fiscal your '7 2973, On
Feb. [0, 1972, we proscntcd to l’rcs. Bent-ch a list of demands, which are thc following. i

l. 'I'lic establishing of u Pucrto Ricuii Studies Dept. by Sept. “172 with oomph-1c ucci'cdilulion as a minor
rind minor field; in which the student may rcccivc u B.A., which would rcpliicc lllt' original ri'qucsl for a
Masters Program in Sept. '72.

L’. In thc arch of facility wc dcmund

al'l‘hrr-c profi sors l)()i1l‘ with specialty in I’llcrto Rican History and Economics, teaching ‘._’ courses at
thc salary of $20,000 pcr acridcriiic your. 2)()ni- professor with spccialty iii l’ui-rlo Iiiciin 1.11. and Art n‘l
courscs, salary-$16,015. Ii)I’rol‘l-ssor Willi X)('(‘ltllly in I’ilcrto Iticiin (Iulturc ~.'i courscs, salary $l(i,0l.’i
bi'l‘wo graduati- assistants by Sept of l!l7‘..’ I
c )()nc sci-rotary
d]()nc clerk and one ri'ccplioiiist i-i'l'hul thc I'ucrlo Rican will hc an ludcpcndciit Unil
.‘i. Office Space
Wc Will rcquirc 0 lo 7 irirli-pi-nrlcnl officcs for thc I’uvrlo liicini Studies Dept.
l Wc demand thal l’ucrto Ricans be appoinch to “11' Univr-rsity Affirmatch Action (‘omniillcc
f» 'l'hrcc full timc I’ui-rlo liicini counselors in Ihc la',().l‘ doc to the f; t that We (‘1)ihllllltt' l/Jl of the
l'. (H’. students.

 

lliic to tho lur’k o1 i'csiiils Iirrrn ii Hours of ncgotlulions Willi l’rcs. licnczct, un cinorgcncy molding Wllll
lll' (ll-ans was puma] m which lilt l’iir-rlo liiciiu ri-prcsculutiw-s and a coutingciil of Black Studcnls

 

)urticiputcd

 

 

THE DELI BER/l TIHN

 

THE OUTCOME

 

We will appoint an associate or full professor to ii permanent position in l’uerto lticun Studios.

Wt' will find purl-timi- stuff to touch six courses in addition to item no. l, the equivalent to two full time
instructionul stuff.

A search committcc which will l)“ made up of a majority of I’ucrto lticuns will be appointed. 'I‘hi- scurch
committee will recommend up to tlirt‘l' candidates for, the full-time position.

, . .. n A, - , .

Adequate office space and equipment will he provided by the UnIVUrHIly Mr “H hlﬂll- “W- '|‘(-lUd“" 1'
full-time secretary.

Gruduutc assistants earmarked for minority students will he made available to us many as possible
qualified I’uorto Iticun students.

The President will provide out of his discretionary funds un extru $1,000 for the support of the office

Ali soon as u head of the program is appointed he will he charged with the rcspoluiiblility for expediting
the process of obtaining departmental status for Puerto lticuri Studies.

The undersigned have pledged their support for the attainment of this end.

immediutely,
The President pledges his efforts toward obtaining a greater proportion of l’uerto Rican counselors than

now exist in the EOI’.

I‘roiiidcnt Louis Ilene-act Dim“ ls MOW" “"HNbul‘tit’l

February 10, 1972

Vicu~I'reaidcnt I'liilip Sirotkln Interim Amociutu Dean Kendall Ilirr

 

It was agreed that u PUIEFLU ltiituii would be appointed to tho Affirmatin- Action (‘onnnittcd

 

 

The day long confrontation ovcr I’ucrto Rican studies ended
dramatically when students cmcrgcd from thc administration building
with wlial appi-ari-d lo hc at lcust a parlial victory in their efforts to
gcl a full lll’llt‘ l’ucrlo Ricau sitldli's dcpurlmcnt operating at SUNY
Albany,

"We Will appoint an ilhh'llt'ltlll‘ or full professor to a permanent
position in l’licrlo Ricun studios" Prcsidcnt Bi'nczct plcdgcd last night
curling a deadlock that had persisted for ovr-r ten hours.

'l‘hc morn-y wrll apparently come from Bcuczr-l's “contingcncy
funds", u solution which hc hail mcnlioncrl much earlier yesterday
afternoon,

The stutcmcnl conclurlcrl, ul lciist for the moment, an issue that
began when students, labeling past administration efforts “benign
ncglcct" prcscnlcd a list of demands lliul thcy l'clt merited admini
slrutivv action.

'l‘hr- demands called for csliiblishincnl of an uutonomous I’uorto
Ricun studics dcpurlnii-nl by September. 1072, offici- splicc for the
program, thc appointment of l’ui-rlo Iiiciui's to the Univcrsity's
Al'firniuerc Action ('ornrnilli-c, lllt' hiring of lhrcc full Limo l’uorto
lticun counsclors in thc lit) 1’ ol'ficc. and tho hiring ol ll’lYl'l‘
lirol'r-ssoml two graduatc assislauls, .r awn-1.”) , clerk. and rr-cr-pliouisl

'l‘bc crowd Viiricd in sm- from ii pcnk of uric hundri-rl lo .1 minimum
ol :iboul twenty at thr- licighl of lhc dlnncr hour.

The day's cvt‘nls began at [dill] in the morning \Vllt'll a group of
sludcnts mcl With a rather nervous l’rcsidcrit liciu-m-l it! his offici-
'l‘hcy dcmundcd that he make a coitiinitmcnt for a full tiinc l’ui'rtu
Itican studios dcpurtmonl, soon-thing they hurl lll'l'll sci-king suici-
1909. Hollow-l mphpdlhm stulv lilidgr'l l‘lllllllt'lm, lill' hiring l‘ri‘r-xi-
iirid u gciu-rully :iciilr- budch situation all but inndc llll.\ kind of
commilrnr-nl Il'lllltisslldt'

Nevcrthclcss, hc said hc “gavr- upprmul" lo lhi- "principle" of such a
department and had cullcd for ili-vclopmcnl of an Ethnic Studio.
Center, under which sur'h u dcpurtincnt would ('Ulnl', snicc thc day ol
his inauguration spur-ch.

“When an administrator gets (li-manrls", he told the students, "hi-
must match tlicm with capacity." And it. was clcur that “capacity”
was rather limited, for licnc'Lct went on to explain: “I can't ordcr thi-
payrncnt of funds that don't, exist."

He went on tourch that a rcqucsl for funding of a new program
in I’ucrto lticun ‘ studies was included iii the most rc -nt budget ['0
luesl hiil wus cut‘ back along with crivuonrncntul studios funds.

 

The students, liowevr-r, took issuc with this. “You didn't ask for
funds for u Iicw program,..you asked for improvements In the one WU

avr' ", one girl, who hurl obvrously studicd lhc university's budget
request , slated. “l‘llt‘Zl‘l. stood corrected hul Mllll ll would make littlc
diffcrcncc sinci- the funds wci'i- cut back anyway

The students wciil on to argue that thcrc was some $375,000
allottcd in tlic rcqlicst for lll]])l‘(l\'t'l1]l'lll of programs-“with only
$31,000 of that money slated for I‘iu-rlo llicao sludics. “What kind of
priority is thrill)”, ()III' studcnl asked.

'l‘hc arguments increased in inti-nsily and from the differences
emerged the issui's that would domiiiutc discussion throughout the
remainder of the duy and into thc night.

The students were on one sidc, arguing that the current course
offerings in Pucrto I'ticun studies wr-rc too limited (they invoch only
Hi credits), that the entire university student body would benifit from
the creation of such a department, and that piurt committmcnts were
being glossed over.

“I started (tiiking l’ucrto Ricari studies) in 1069", one girl coni-
pluiricd, “and its already 1072." She asked how much longer she
would hch to wait to complete her anticipated minor.

"White students are enrolled in the program, too", another student
argued,

But on the other side wore Biiriczet and plethora of vice~preaidcnts
rind deans, claiming that funds needed for such a program were
noncxiiitunt und that it would be unfair to divert funds from
departments whose budgets liiid already been sliced.

"We are left with two possibilities" Iicnczct said iit one point. "One
is to go out and misc money from outside sources. The other is to
Lake money from departments tuht have already been cut back."

And throughout the day, arguments ensued, buck and forth across the
table as both sides hammered out a compromise on the major
dcmundu. The issue culminated in agreement at 8:46 hurt night when
one student told onlookers: “We are satisﬁed with the positive action
taken on ourtlumunds.w0 should now move on to leave the building
amt reschedule ourselves for actions on committtcca...‘we must push,
push, push."

 
   
  
    

 

