 

 

 

‘ On the Coming of...

Light

 

 

 

“The time," as emcee Harold P. Brown (Robert
Verini) says, “is 1888...an epoch of scientific
breakthrough and technological innovation." At this
point in history two men were waging a fierce battle
for control of the electrical power—and the
minds—of the American people. On the one hand
Thomas Alva Edison (Robert Chanin), the Wizard of
Menlo Park and a legend in his own time, struggling
to maintain both his reputation and his already
outmoded direct electrical current (0.0.). On the
other :'I‘he vcnal and corrupt George C. Westing-
house (Roger Moran), who, in his attempt to corner
the market with alternating current (ii-c), will stop
at literally nothing. The competition between these
two businessmen takes place on all levels of society,
lies, half-truths and misinterpretations being the
order of the day; ultimately it. leads to “The Main
Event," the shocking conclusion of D. Melmoth's
play THE GREAT AMERICAN LIGHT WAR,
playing Wednesday through Saturday, March l-xl—
evenings at 8:30, Saturday matinee at 2:30rrwitli a
special benefit performance on Sunday the 5th at
7130, all on the Main Stage of the l’.A.C.

Director James M. Leonard's cast of 25 attempts
to recapture the peculiarly American
“catclras-catch-can" atmosphere of the Technolo-
gical Revolution, Bryan 'l'uckcr plays the incorrup-
tibli- Referee of The Main l‘JVent; Victor Saft'riii is
electrical expert. Southwick; Bernard lt‘crstenln-rg
portrays (loorgt- Westinghouse, .lr.; Keith Smith is
Westinghouse heiicliman ’l‘, Carpenter Smith. A
quartet of newsmen, whose scheming for circulation
buildup contributes to the general madnesst por-
trayed by Eileen Kelly, Sti-Ve Aminol'f, Leslie
Bergson and Craig Lucarelli; the wire services are
rep -st-ntcd by Sandy Chevlin (A.P.] and Nora
(iibson (U,P.). 'l'echnicians for The Main Event:
Jerrold Brown t'l‘imcr) and Joel (iross (Engine
Room). The wives of America are lypefii-d by
Bertilla Baker (Mrs. Florence Styli-s), Stephanie
Rogers (Mrs. Jones), Holly Fitter, (‘liristine Cote,
(ii-i'aliliiie l\'al‘/,, Barbara Launcr, and t'arol
'l‘iin/inaii, electrical wholesalers are iinpcrsoiiatcil by
'l't-d (trust, Allan Kessler, and rltlt' Hili-y 'l'lie
nittsit'al :It‘t‘ttltlpttlllnlt'lll is proriili-tl by lll|‘ cclc~
lirali-d Stai‘h‘panglt-d Washlioard lland ltiri-g
llaynics, lilydt- Dara-s. lion l)\Vt)l'li|ll, l’aul
.lossnian) and Friend tlionis Hcorca) 'l'lit- llniiil will

be Working with lllllt‘\ of the period as well as
original compositions by l(|t'i|t- and Bill l’oli'liinslii
'l'Iit- production's lt't'lllllt‘itl scope can only be

(It-scribed as titanic, sll|lt'|’\'l,\t'tl by iii-signers Robert
Donnelly twist and Jerome llaiile) tliglitiiig). \rliose
long list of at-liiei‘coii-nts includes such impressive
t'rt'illts as l’l‘i'l'l‘IH l‘AN, ('x\t\lth) ltl'lAli, and
lli\lt|l\', NOON .‘\N|) Nltill'l'. t‘tisllllllt's were
created by Elaine Yokoyania. who has won much
praisi- for lll'l' Work on l‘lNlllt'U IV and THE
l'IMl’l'IltOlt‘H Nliill’l‘thiAlilC tirapliics were
created by Don Moslian, stage manager is lli-ni'y
Kiiirilii.

'I‘lll‘) lilil'ZA’l' AMICltlt‘AN liltill'l‘ WAR is an
t'l'l'lll, a alllilhlllllg, exciting psi-udirdtwumi-ntary
llttl‘l'til".\litt\\' rivaling with events around the
turnol'llici'enliii'y biIt Willi a direct relevance to
llll' problems of today Tickets are going very
tllllt'lxl)‘, so liiirryoVi-r to the l' A (' Itox offici- ( l l -‘l
daily} for reservations or purchases.

Note Tickets for lllt' Wed Sal, run are $1 With
sliidcnts tax, tﬁ'J \Vlllltllll The Sunday night benefit
is to raise money for the International (lliildren‘s
’l'lii-iilrc ('oiil'ert-nci- A S.H.| 'I' lit] coming to
SUNYA In June, contributions for llial one pert'or
Inilllt't‘ are .14 l 0.00 (patrons) and $5.001donors).

 

War.

49.224.

Vol. LlX No. 13

-V

‘_

State University of New York at Albany F

 
 
 
 
 

 

ALB
STUDENT
PRESS!

ridoy, March 3, 1972

 

Photos by Jay Rosenberg

graphic by Jon Henry

 

$30 Telephone Charge
Disputed by Students

by Al Senia

The telephone hanging on the
wall of your suite cos! .you and
your suitematcs an extra thirty
dollars during the past two semes-
ters and one of the ways you
might want to use that phone is to
call up and thank .l ohn Hartley.
the Vice-President of Management
and Planning, for the extra cost.

It was Hartley who opted to
include an extra fifteenilollars
charge, divided equally among
you and your suitcmates [or
roommates] on your room bill
this past August and again in
JunUﬂryt- Ostensibly, the money
was slated to cover the cost of a
phone subsidy that was dropped
by the State of New York. Or at
least, that is what studentsoii this
campus Were told in a memoran
dum released August 5 by Robert
Acquino, SUNYA Bursar.

But the subsidy was never offi-
cially terminated. The money
didn't go to the telephone com-
pany. And new student govern
ment officials are arguing that
Hartley neVer had the authority to
collect the money in the first
place and are calling on SUNY
Chancellor Ernest Boyer to order
a refund.

Peculiar Problem

The scenario began this past
Jgne‘ When the SUNY trustees,
according to their official "Sum-
mary of action" authorized Chan.
cellor Buyer “to take immediate
steps to discontinue the procedure
whereby State University subsi-
dizes the cost. of probiding tele-
phone service in dormitory rooms
located in residence halls on State
operated campuses." What. this
meant was that Boyer had the
authorityv-if he desired-- to order
the fifteen dollar per room state
subsidy cut on all SUNY campus
edto order the fifteen dollar per
room state subsidy cut on all
SUNY campused (including, of
course, Albany State).

This presented the SUNYA ad-
ministration with a peculiar prob-

lem. With room bills due to be
mailed out in early August, 1
ilecision had to be reached as to
whether the extra costs of the
subsidy should he added to stu~
dents' bills. The cost averaged out
to about two dollars and fifty
cents per student tusiiig a six man
suite as the .nean.t

John Hartley telephoned Mr.
Harry K. Spindler of SUNY (‘eir
tral Administration to determini-
whether or itot the extra cost
should be included. Hartley says
Spindler told him to go ahead
add the charge because official
word would soon be forthcoming
through administratiVe channels.
And so, on the basis of Spindler‘s
Verbal "assurance" that the sub-
sidy would be dropped, Hartley
decided to charge students the
extra money.

“The trustees made a decision
that subsidies were to be elimi‘
nated‘“ John Hartley explains.
“So we put it (the extra cost) on
the bill...'l‘hey (Central Adminis-
tration) seemed to be leaning in
that direction."

Hartley elaborated in a memor~
andum sent on July 21 to Dr,
Clifton Theme and Mr. Robert
Stierer:

a

 

“The situation on the Albany
campus", the memo says in pait
is such that we (the Business
Office and the Office of Student
Affairs) feel that an option cannot
be given to students to refuse
telephone serviCc and the time is
so short before the fall semester
billing goes out that the dct'iun
has been made now to increase
th mom rate by $15 ii semester
per tcli, o...pro-rated to the
number ol students useing the
telephone."

And further on, the memo
states: “Mr. Spindler says that
the Central Office will provide us
with a memorandum covering this
dumge ly'Central Office will pro-
vide us with a memorandum cov-
ering this change but we are pro-
ceeding on the basis of his tele»
phone communication anticipa-
ting that we will receivo a written
memorandum shortly. The timing

does not allow us to hold up our
decision."

The memorandum concludes
with these words: “If for any
reason the Central Office changes
its mind, we will haVe to make
adjustments in the second semes-
tcr billing but at this juncture we
are making what seems in our
judgement to he the most logical
and rational decision."

Interestingly, thouin Central Of-
l'ice apparently did change its
mind, the "adjustments" that
Hartley's own memorandum pro-
mised were never forthcoming.
Students Went right on paying the
extra cost on their second semes-
ter room bills.

And, apparently, not everyone
agreed with Hartley's logic iind
rationality. At. least one admini-
strator, Neil Brown, Dean for Stu-
dent Affairs, was known to have
strongly disagreed with Hartley's
decision and to have urged him to
wait for the official written word.
“In a meeting with Mr. Harley last
summer", says Brown, “I was
strongly opposed to the institu-
tion of this fee until specific
writted insrtuctions were received
from the Central Office."

Student Association President,
Mike Lampert, who is spear-
heading the drive to have the
money refunded to the students
asks simply: “Where's Hartley's
tlllthtll‘ity'.’l‘le had no authority to
do that."

Lampcrts Letters

But regar dless of whether or not
Hartley had the 'authority, the
immediate problem confronting
student government officials is
trying to get the money back. The
money does not go to the phone
contpany-«Jnstead it is placed in
the hands of the State Dormitory
Authority's income fund. Thus, it
is used to pay off construction
bondsvnot telephone bills.

Lampert has written two letters
to Chancallor Boyer asking for a
refund. He argues, in a letter sent

continued on page 2

 

K

 

 

 

Students Arrested at Stony Brook 
legislators took at SUNY’s Budget...

Telethon a Smash Success... Me 5

\

Page 3

page 7

 

 

