PAGE 4

 

 

 

NEWS BRIEF

STA TE

NEW YORK AP - Mayor John V. Lindsay,
reacting to a three-hour takeover of his presidential
campaign ofﬁces by about 300 women, children and
day care workers, has said the city will ignore a state
order limiting eligibility for government-funded day
care.

Richard Aurelio, former deputy mayor and head
of Lindsay’s campaign effort, said after confeFi'lng
with the demonstrators he was authorized to an-
nounce on the mayor's behalf:

“A Feb. 1 deadline cutting off funding of over 40
day care centers will be extended for one month
pending joint efforts by the city to convince Gov.
Nelson A. Rockefeller and the state administration
that it is wrong to impose these new regulations on
the city day care program."

ALBANY, N.Y. AP - The tuition at the State
University must be raised, says Gov. Rockefeller,
but he doesn't say how much,

He indicated in his Stilte of the State message,
however, thllt the increase shoilld be substantial.

“Therefore, we have ultimately got to look toward
tuition levels at the public colleges of the state that
will help to narrow the present gap in luitions
between pilblic and private colleges.“

The tuition at the private colleges in the state
averages about $2100 a year, about follr limes the
$550 annual tuition at the State University.

Rockefeller also sees a greatly expanded role for
the State UniVersily through the takeover of coin
munity colleges and the (Tity University of New
York.

ALBANY, N.Y. .‘\l’ 'l'hlrly rclail grocers
accused of violating New York State's new law
banning high-phosphate detergents were I fined,
$2,500 each at a Department of l‘Invil'onnlcnial
Conservation hearings.

But hearing officvr Frank (iill‘lllt' suspended all but
$100 of each of the fines, provided the stores
remove the offending prodilcls from their shelves at
Once.

Conservation officers carrying large boxes of
detergent into iiIL' hearing room testified that they
had purchased them at the accused s‘lol'cs, and the
proceedings took less than three hours.

NA TIONAL

WASHINGTON AP ~ The White House says the
campaign-spending bill, hailed on aild off (Tapitol
Hill as heralding an end to secrecy about giving and
taking political casll. tnecls l’i'esilll'nt Nixon's obp-l-
lives for reform.

A few hours after (‘oligress approved the liipartl
sail compromise legislation IVI'lilll'\lI:l)'. .i White
House aide said he expects Nixon to sign it llito lau'
cxpcdillou. y. The bill limits advertising cxpeinll
lures for federal elections

 

WASllthl'l'ON, Ai’ l’ri-sldcnl Nixon delivered ii
lnidday Sllilc of the Union allllress yesterday
foresaking prime 'l'V llnlc becallsc he said. it Will be
“difficult enough gelling t'l)ll|)l‘l‘:llllttl ' from the
Democratic‘conlrollcd (Tongrcss without forcing a
niglil session.

in the address he urged ('ongress to reflect “the
intense pressures of a political year" and enact all
array ol'stalll-il administration measures. an enlarged
defense blldgcl and a "new technology program" to
promote research alld create jobs

.lUNEAU, Alaska Al’ 'l‘wo Sovli-l fishing vessels
accused of violating US. waters are plowing tlll'oligll
Bering Sea pack lt‘l‘ Willi a l‘oast (illarll escort
towards Aliak island and .iii lllll'l‘l'|.llll reception by
federal legal authorities

Coast Guard splikcsincii s.lld ifll‘wldll.‘ .liioal'll tiic
factory ship iu’lllllll, flagship of .lll htl vessel Sollel
hcrl'illg fit-cl, aild the trawler l{lil)\‘.ili abruptly
agreed Wednesday to leave the St i\l.tltlli~l\ lslalid
area after more than a (lay of lle|a,\

INTERNATIONAL

SAIHON Al'
puratroopers. rangers, and armored troops are lllhil
itig through rubbcl' plantation country it) to fit)
miles northwest of Saigon today iii it new operation

The South Vietnamese command said |tl,ttttt) to
15,000 men were taking part III the drive which
began last Saturday it is intended to keep the
enemy off balance lillli disrupt any plans fora major
offensive during 'I'E'l'. Few (-‘Ulllnllllllsl troops have
been encountered so far

'l'iloltszliids ol South Vil'liilitliesc

MADlill) Al’ - Thousands of students left Madrid
Unchriiity today after police banned gatherings and
clamped the campus under tight security. The
trouble started last November when medical sill
dents began boycotting classes to demand pay for
working in hospitals in their seventh and filial year
of study. They asked that university courses end
after six years.

The showdown came Jan til after student». slonetl
the medical dean's office lllid overturned his l‘ill.
University officials ordered them back to class or be
suspended.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1972

communion HAL?

Albany, NY AP—The State University suspended
Wednesday 160 construction projects worth$215
million, although the legislature had authorized the
expenditure. '

Among the projects affected were dormitories
Worth$70 million at State UniVersity campuses
across the state.

Also affected were a $7 million health and
physical education building at Albany State, an $8.5
million biology and social sciences building at
Brockport State and a $5.5 million health and
physical education building at Oneonta State.

The announcement was made by Dr. Oscar E.
Lanford, general manager of the State University
Construction F'und. He promised that the projects
now under construction will be completed.

The action, said Lanford, reflects the desire of the
uniVersity's Board of Trustees to increase the use of
existing structures.

He noted that the enrollment growth in the
university has been slowml and the trustees are
rcass sing the unchrsity's construction program
and enrollment goals for the next several years.

STATE OF

Washington Al’ llerc at a glance are the major
points in President Nixon‘s written and spokcll
State of the Union messages to Congress:

Polilics Because this is an election year, Congress
will be confronted by political pressures bilt mllst
resist them aild show “high statesmunship" in acting
on needed legislation.

'l‘cchnology A major new federal effort in re-
search alill development is needed to advance
technology to create jobs alid make American
industry more coinpctitve iil world markets,

Property Taxes Stildies are under way on ways to
case the burden of local property taxes. The
President later this year will present a plan to
finance public schools by alternative liicans while
retaining local control.

Defense~Defensi- spending will be substantially
increased. included will be $838 million more for
research alid development and $2 billion more for
the Navy to build new ships, including additional
inissllc-carrying submarines.

ICt‘llllllllI)/""I‘ilt' economic picture has brightened,
lilll unemployment is too high. New efforts will be
made to achieve full employment in peacetime.
Wage and price controls are working, bill the goal is
lusting price stability wttliout controls.

Foreign Affairs lie ls going to l’ckilig and Mos

 

   
   
  
   
   
  
   

[ .rusr want ra MAKE Ir mum
[LEAR Tl/llT Til/5 YEAR wnL AGAIN
SEE A as; m TAXI-'5 To mesa/tr
IMPROVEMENT 0F THF Eco/loMY,

wTENDED UPCOMING ALLIANCE
WITH RUSSIA AND CHlNA,T0
DEFEND All. we llMERlCANS
HOLD DEAR AGAINST TlIF
MENACING HORDES OF NORTH
VIETNAM, r lion.“ ALWAYS
I MAKE MVILIF NRFHTLY (Li/tit,
rim 1 AM THl- PRESIDENT! /

“F, HM - l WVIH‘
I (th SAY tr Tile
WAYmI poi

WK

     

9 am-IZ noon

JANUARY 26, 27, 8. 28

Planning also was suspended on 82 other projects,
which would have cost an estimated $125 million to
build. These are the projects for,which the legisla-
ture had authorized planning but not building. A
savings of $27 million in architectural fees was
estimated.

In addition, the costs on 18 other projects under
construction will be trimmed to save $25 million.

The current projects, Lanford said, "are as far as
we can see until the enrollment goals are clarified in
the Master Plan.”

Lanford emphasized that the State University was
"suspending" the projects, not cancelling them. He
could give no word, however, on when construction
and planning would resume.

The Construction Fund was created in 1962 1.,
administer the university's construction fund.

The university, like other departments and agen
cics, was caught in this year's budget squeeze.

Gov. Rockefeller's proposed budget recommends
an appropriation of $82!) million in the l972-7Jt
fiscal year for construction of college buildings.
down from $1.3 billion two years ago.

THE UNION

cow with no illusions, but with hopes of expanding
communications with the Communist countries so
dil'ferencs can he talked about instead of fought
about,

Congressional Action (‘ongress must act tion
on “out unfinished agenda" of ill) pending hill.
including welfare reform, l‘l'Vl'lllli' sharnic amt
eXl-cillch reorganization.

EIIVII'IHIIT‘ICIII.’ Milcli environmental legislation has
been proposed bill little has been enacted, and the
need for action is urgent.

Health" He pledged more money for health re
search, including cancer, sickle cell anemia and lll-arl
ltseasc.

Special GroupsWMorc needs to be done to help
the elderly, to lnsure equal opportunity for nliliorl
ties and women, to improve conditions for Allierl
can llldians, to step up programs for veterans. to
grant full participation in society for young pt'lilill-
and to give farmers a fair share of our pl‘tispl'l‘ll}

’l‘ransportalion Slt'ikcs' The current West ('linsi
dock strike is all illustratioli of the need to!
legislation to deal Wllil transportation strikes

('rimc atld Drug Abusc The rise Ill iill' crimt- iat-
is slowing but new programs are needed. l-spl-l-lalh
ill the ficlil of juvenile delinquency Stronger steps
will be lakcn to curb drug traffic and drug lllhill'ix

     
 

Extras A Wanted

.\'nic l.\‘_l’0lll' c/unlcc ll) lie in l/ll' Muriel.

in no prmlm mg a film Ill Ill/.t’llri‘ll nm/ are loo/inn:

for e.\'lrn.\' "full ages, at ll'tl/Ii-lln

(llll/ .\'0III(‘ speaking par/s.

If interested, [)It‘lei‘ .\'('('.‘

AllAN MAClEOD

educational communications center
state university of new york at albany

I pm-5 pm
ROOM 5851

 

Applications must

 

 

APPLICATIONS FOR
WAIVERS

of the Student Activities Assessment for
the Spring Semester are now available in
the Student Association Office, CC 364.

Student Association Office by February 14'“

be returned to the

 

 

6’

 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1972

Should Undercover Police Be Used

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5

In Apprehending Hard Drug Pushers?
“Drug addiction must be stopped”

at its roots, not in the courts 

Jack Schwartz’sweetfire have to be punished and removed

“FORUM " noun, (1 public meeting place/Ur open discussion. "

This issue marks [/16 beginning oj'n new \vcckli' series in the ASI’. II
is hoped lluII Iltix page will provide a much needed forum for the
intelligent discussion of l’lll‘ltlll.\' nnporlunl l.\'.\‘llt’.\' facing Illc university
community, and Ilun these discussions will lcrnl to public enli‘gll/en-
ntcn/ and (‘l’L'll/lull port/ire action on the issuer discussed. Responilccx
will range from mlnlinirlmmrs to first .u'mct‘lcr j‘res/nnen. (Ier
although this will not fll‘ (Ill opcn page In \l’ll/l'll mtch can XII/tlllll an
nrll'clc, any person who .ilrongli' desires to icI'iIc [or "'Ille l-ormn"
.Vlltlll/(l colt/uc/ (/Icnn l'tHl Nos/n; Associate News It'lli'lrn‘, in I/lc ASP
oj'jii-c. Meanwhile, we rim/l ullcnip/ Io when the most diverse
l'u'iipoin/r possible on L‘ll('/l week's (pics/ions. We llll‘lll‘ ji'cillmck
from our rem/cm in the form of Icllcrr Io Ilte l’llnor. (llltl will print as
many as space permits. The Iz'ilimriul Bum!

‘...an effective ethical
police technique...”

Jim Williams, Security Director

ideally, of course, a university should not have to use undercover
police ofl'iCers to apprehend non-addict hard drug pushers. As is
evident from the number of crimes reported on campus, however, we
neither live nor study under ideal conditions. Accordingly, methods
must at times be used that many regard~whether correctly or not—to
be inconsistent with certain judicial provisions, if not indeed the
Constitution itself.

The operative word in the porposition is "policemen." Some of the
greatest injustices. both to the accused and to the police themselves,
arise in those situations where untrained officers or non-police
personnel are used undercover. There is no justification for the use of
such persons on campus. However, when the circumstances warrant,
and close supervision of the agent is afforded, then the underCOVer
role can be an effectiVe legal and ethical police technique.

An example of circumstances where the undercover officer might be
employed would be where evidence of a non-addict pusher living on
campus becomes known; alld whose operation was such that he was
several steps removed from the point of sale. Generally, under these
circumstances a known policeman would lllit be able to obtain the
information necessary for it valid search warrant, or for that matter.
for a successful prosecution

Further. the use of undercover police could not be justified llli
campus unless there were ll clear lliillerstalilllng by the cniploying
agency that information not related directly to the case be destroyed;
for example, the officel, ln lill‘ course ol a heroin investigation, may
collie upon several persons ilsiiig lnal'lplalia, llls joli is to gather usable
cvlcctil‘l' against lilc pttsiicl'. not quantity arrests for crimes wiitisc
llll|)ill‘l llpoii tllc incidence of serious crime ls. at best. dubious

 

If

IFG presents

ORPHEUS

directed by Jean Corteau

Fri. Jan. 21 7:15 and 9:15
$.25 with Tax   Funded by

$.75 w/o Tax Student Tax

//

 

 

 

YES AND NO; the answer isn't
thatsimplc.'l‘lieproblcmof
addiction is like most others in
the U.S.>-figlil.ing pollution and
injustice. helping the aged, mi-
grant workers, the unemployed.
the poor and tile retardedv-all of
which get a lot of lip service from
liberals and conservatiVes alike,
but nothing else. Mayors like
Lindsay and Coming do little
when Rockefeller and the boys in
the State Legislature cut metha-
done programs and other social
serviCes. Nixon, Mitchell and J.
Edgar Hog will crack down on the
inflow of grass from Mexico (Ope-
ration Intercept) and look aside as
they drive kids into using ups,
downs and scag that the C.I.A.
and Air America harvest and
transport throughout Asia, and
the Mafia and police sell on the
streets of our country. And the
press still pumps out fantasies
about marajuana and acid, and
how they destroy our minds and
mess up our chromosomes, and
give us acne; so kids don't believe
them now when they say that song
and barbituates really mess up
your mind, and body, (rc<
SpCCthL‘iy).

Arresting junkies anti polliealls
is as ignorant as freeing scag king
pins, which our own Judge
Schenck in (Yollnty (Yourl has
done iii the past The harm in
weed and psychedcllcs is lioli
existcnl when compared to lliat
of alcohol & canceretles l've
never heard of a stoned person
drivnig a car ililo pedestrians, or
geltllig calil'cr liul the possession
of these drugs should not iN'
illegal (in the other hand. junkies
are hooked. aiid hard drug pilslil-l's
like it that way l’ushci's who sell
for reasons other than that they
have tlielr own habit to support,
should be arrested by any means.
if liol dolie away With completely
by the community that they prey
on l’lislicl‘s who are addicts, aiili
all addicts should be pill ililo
methadone programs lilid half way
houses, not ilito prisons

The big piisliers, from Marshall
Ky aiid 'l‘i‘icky Dick Nixon to
cops and crlmks in the community

from the society that they're para-
sites of, (An excellent review of
OLA/Saigon heroin systems can
be found ill the May 197] Ram-
parts),

Undercover cops are necessary
to fight organized crime. Unfor~
tunately they‘re too busy as pro-
vocateurs in the Left, or picking
up freaks and busting them for a
few joints, And it seems that the
more political the brother or sister
is, the longer the possession rap
is~John Sinclair got 9Vz-10 years
for two joints, which were planted
by the pigs; 3 Black brother who
was organizing in Texas got a life
sentence for the same. Entrap—
ment and harassment is also a part
of the Albany narc scene, as any-
one who has had dealings with
former narcotics squad head Bob
Byers an" his gorillas knows. And
even though Security Chief Wil-
liams denied it to a staff member
of Sweet Fire in September, an
old underling of Byers' has been
hired as one of the now 6 under-

6"

cover cops on our campus.
Drug addiction, like any other
anti-human practice of the Ameri-
can people, must be stopped at its
root, not in the courts. Alcohol,
ups, downs and song are used
because people can't get along
without them. When we remove
the need, we'll remove the prob-
lem. When a person removes him-
self from the world by shooting
up, he or she does so because life
is lousy. Jobs, if available, are a
drag. Schools are bullshit—and.
grade schools, as well as High
School and college students. Cul-
ture is deadening-rock festivals are
made illegal, concerts are priced
out of people’s reach. Poverty,
slums, and social alienation are
political problems, and when
they're solved through redistribu-
tion of the world's wealth among
the people who have worked for
their livelihoods, and by a return
of self-determination to people's
lives, then we can do away with
undercover narcs, cops, judges,
politicians, prisons, and nine years
old guys O.D.ing in slum hallways.

...correlation

between hard drug
usage and crime...”

. .

Mike Lampert, SA Presrdent
Yes. The choice boils down to the lesser oi iwo evns: the toleration
of Widespread ilse of hard drugs on this campus as against undercovur

ilﬂt‘lllh (III I'ill'llllllh'

llard drugs oppress the lndlvldual [is)t‘hli|ligit'ilii)’, physiologically,
and economically. There is a high correlatlon between hard driig usage
alid crime as it is necessary to pay for the (Ir lgs. Much of the crime
that has occurred to students and that cause us to be intimidated as
we walk between the plidlillii alld lhc tjlttlds is probably related to
hard drug usage An cl'i'ccllVe program tllal lit-ills Willi tilts usage is

clearly licedell.

'i‘ilcrc is also some risk iii having undercover agents liii campus. They
could become involved lll liiatlers that are technically crimes, but
wlllclt many people on the campus feel are acceptable. Whether this
i)ccolltcs a problem Will be dependent on the effectiveness of security
screening and training of lliese men. Security has given us no reason

they couldn't select alile men.

it is clear to tile, lheii, that the proper course of action is to respond
to the dangers of hard drug pusliers iii this way.

“

...exercise in

futility... ”

Vernon Buck, EOP Director

My response to the question, “ShouIdundercchrpolicemen

 

these events.

chey a! 45 7- 7720.

 

attention class of 1972

The officers of the class would strongly encourage all persons
interested in becoming a member of the Class Council to attend a
very important meeting on Monday, January 24th, at 7 pm in
Campus Center 367. The Council will be involved this semester in
making plans and arrangements for our Senior Week activities,
Torch Night, and various details relating to Commencement. Please
take advantage of this opportunity to help insure the success of

If you are interested but are unable to attend this first meeting,
please contact either Gordon Thompson at 45 7-7957 or Susan

 

 

 

be used ili apprehending hard drug
pushers‘.’" is based on defining the
hard drug pilshcr as ll non-using,
large volume (lcalcr.

|nlnyopitiion,everylegal
means should be employed to
identify and neutralize tile drug
activities of such individuals, Har-
assliig small time non user pushcrs
and/or user pllsliers is an exercise
in futility

It’s about time!
A calendar of men
for women.

Stall itic New Year \viili the moat un-
usual calendar you've ever seen. The
1972 calendar of Men for Women. A
photographic. net pornographic study of
12 unique men.
this is a huge hanging calendar (13” x
19"). l l pages (including cover). It's the
lirst at its kind and will surely become a
Ctliit‘silll‘\ llciu v
isn't ll about time lnca licclunc objects
for hallgluit' ‘
Special student price $2.50. Nationally
advetlisril at 51.95. N
Calendar. I'.(). Ilox 827
It'llrnlingdlilc. N.Y. II735
I’lcau- lll\il calcllllan at $2.50 ca. (plus
50 rclils posllluc lilill halillliliul Enclosed
is Ill) t llrik iiioury lililrr lol _.

plilit IIJIIH‘ ..

 

illltilt‘\\.

_____.________-_—.
(make check/RM). payable to Calendar)

 

 

