  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
 

I
l
I
t
l

 
  
   
 

  

Over the past few years Albany
has been becoming a major resi-
dence of many talented musicians,
poets, and artists. Various small,
obscure places have sprung up as
minor entertinment establish-
ments but there has not been a
cohesive gathering place for the
artists themselves. The hopeful
idea of Baxter'z is to provide an
atmosphere for artists and en-
thusiasts in the Albany area. The
cafe is a place for Albany talent to
associate and to exhibit their
skills. Baxter’z has facilities for
poets to read, musicians to play.
and artists to exhibit their art.

This Tuesday Baxter'/ presents
Hector Rivera. who is a well

 
  

  

    

 

         

reﬂux-.1.

        
  
   
  
  
    

   

moiﬁ-wt-xwx-xcwwm

 

#:ﬁﬁ‘ﬁ~2¢€’i‘?i§§tk

5315325:-

 

   

a

x‘

's.

 

  

known musician in the Albany
area and has played in most of
Albany‘s clubs and coffeehouses.
Wednesday brings “Kind Hearts
and Coronets", Alec Guincss‘s
ﬁnest comedy, in addition to the
shorts “The Cure" with Chaplin.
Kealon's “Cops,” l‘ield‘s “fatal
(ilass of Beer." and loneseo‘s
"Rhinoceros", Thursday brings
John Lipman from his successful
Montreal engagements where he
was credited with being “one of
the better new performers on the
folk scene with a good show of
material, humour. and musical un-
derstanding" by Bill lloran ofthe
Montreal Star. John promises to
he a good new asset to Albany‘s

am .. . . k3

 
  
   
  

creative community.

Baxter'z itself has been the sight
of fantastic performances by such
Albany notables as Rich Larris,
John Simpson. Larry Brown, and
The Star Spangled Washboard
Band. Baxter'z is at 810 Madison
Ave, between Ontario and Quail,
behind the white building across
from Danl)ec Donuts. l‘inding it
is art easy treasure httnl. Shows
start at 9:30 bttt it is open from
7:30 to I:th with recorded music
arid a wide Inenu unique in this
area which provides expresso,
eeppueino, various other eoffees.
teas, cheeses, and granola. There is
never any admission charge or
cover. Stop over to see.

NIORS !!

by Stephan Aminotf

The keen eyes around this campus had a fine opportunity to catch
some good cinema for like no money last Friday night. Besides
Fellini's part three of his famous trilogy, “Nights of Cnbiria", which
was being offered for free by the Italian American Alliance, the
international Film Group let you in to see Robert Bresson's “Au
Hazard Balthazar" for a quarter.

Fellini's great and everyone knows it so let me deal with the very
much over-looked but very energetic French director. Monsieur
Bresson was never exactly a master at interesting cinematic dialogue.
He may not have all of, say, Truffaut's facility for coordinating
dialogue and imagery Into a coherent whole. Bresson's magic lies in
the cinematic metaphor.

I get the feeling that Bresson was born just a generation or two, too
late: that as a silent filmmaker he would have been among the most
famous of all time. Maybe it was a translation hassle (there were
phrases for which there is no suitable English expression, or there is
but the translator couldn't quite find it), but often the dialogue
sounded like something out of Grade “B” 1940's melodrama.

Ah, but his imagery: magnificent. All the great things made the
French New Wave such a dramatic step forward in the maturity of
cinema and little of the pretention. If Bresson used a fade, it belonged
there. Objects were not haphazard in their placement or timing. There
is this one lovely bit of business where the young stud is attempting to
seduce this picture of the innocence before us. As he contemplates his
next move, which is to take place in this car parked along the side of a
country road, another car comes into the frame and leaves incon-
spicuously. The look which the young person gives to the car as it
makes its way down themed was enough to suggest that the boy was
seeing every ethic he had learned since he was a child in the car as
symbol of civilization.

It‘s little moments like this which are truly great moments for
di'ectors, and Robert Bresson is certainly not without his share of
these moments. “Au Hazard Balthazar‘f is a tight little story which
deals with the plight of a donkey (I kid you not) inalocicty whoonly
wants to know how you can best serve it.

By the way, don‘t forget to see this gigantic French Film Festival
they're goingto have here. I'll try to let you know if anything special is
happening on a given weekend in terms of good and cheap movies but
keep your eyes open anyway, and pass things on to us. Call 467-2190
and leave messages.

    

     

 

DUE TO POPULAR DEMAND

This Monday is the LAST DAY to get

 

  

     
 

  

 

your Senior Picture in next year's yearbook

You WON'T get a chance next year.
So... SIGN UP NOW!

at the Campus Center Information Desk.

Evening appointments: Wednesday only: 6 pm - 9 pm

P. S. TORCH 1972 (with the golden suede cover) will be distributed starting April 25.

ch’tﬁﬁiﬁﬁﬁrﬁxi:iﬂiﬁW'WEﬁﬁWﬁf-ammﬁmW321;:iﬁWkt-bx-bbi-ﬂ-l-h ' '- steers-mens-

     
  

   

  

  
    

    

._.-.“1l-'.~.

   
 

.‘b‘:

 
   

I.

   
 
   

   
   

WSW

 
 

 

 

PAGE 16

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 21, 1972

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Above, a scene from Rendez-
vous a Bray; left, Catherine
Jourdan in Le Pelt't Matin; be-
low, Catherine Deneuve and
Jacques Perrin in Palm d'Ane.

 

 

 

In cooperation with the French Film Office, the following art-cur-
llllull: Albany State Cinema. French Club. International Film“
Group and the Romance Language Department are sponsoring the
Festival which has its run on campus from Thursday, March 23rd to
Saturday. March 25th. A delegation consisting of two representatives
from the Film Office, one French critic, one American critic, one film
director or actress are touring with the films.

There are a total of six films in the Festival. All were made during
1370 and 1971 and some have just premiered in Paris within the last
month. The Festival will open on Thursday with a film by Andr’e
Delvaux, Rendevous 0‘ Bray starring Anna Karina and Matthieu
Carriere. It deals with a young Belgian pacifist caught In Paris during
World War I. In answer to a telegram he travels to Bray to meet a
friend who is a pilot. He is met instead by a young woman. As he
never discovers her identity, the film then centers on the unknown
and the tension we feel between the two of them. The second film
that night is by Philippe Garrel, Marie Pour Memoir. Garrel, noted
French filmmaker, will speak about his film at its conclusion.

The first movie on Friday is Le Tcrriloire des Aulres, directed by
Francois Bel and Gerard Vienne. It took seven years to film; there is
no dialogue, but rather strikingly beautiful world of animals in visual
form. Orson Welles said of the film ”...a treasure which must be
cherished,..Thosc who see it will be touched and will find in it an aura
of magic." It is a symphony of visual and musical beauty, and

one of the most beautiful wildlife films ever made.

The second film is Les Camisards by Rene Allio. The plot dealswith
the struggle between the French Huguenots and the Catholic
monarchy. The theme deals with young resistance fighters in a parallel
to the resistance of youth to authority in our own time.

The closing two films are Peau d‘Ane by Jacques Demy and Le Pctil
Matin by Joan-Gabriel Albicocco.

Peau d'Ane, roughly translated as “The Shin of the Donkey" is a
popular French fairy tale comparable to our "Cinderella". It stars
Catherine Dcneuve and Jacques Perrin (who was the photographer in
Z). It is a film of beauty, for adults, and well as for young people. Le
Petit Matin is a film of love, passion and war. Catherine Jourdan stars
as a girl, young, beautiful and impetuous, who emerges into maturity
during the German occupation in France.

All films wiy be show in LC 18 at 7:30 and l0:00 and in the fashion
of French cineclubs, a discussion with the leading French personalities
will follow each film in LC 19. The films are in French with English
subtitles and each will be preceded by a short oral presentation in
English, and a short subject. Tickets are on sale in the Campus Center
lobby and may be purchased at an individual or at a series price.

 

 

 

 

Prices :
$.50 with

 

 

MARCH 21, 197?.

 

M OHA W

 

refreshments

music

walden tax

$1.00 with student tax

$1.50 for others
Sponsored by Alumni Quad Board

cA'iirPUS PAR T17
Saturday Night, March 25 '
I There will be:
tobogganing

by PSSSSS

Time:

Busses leave Alumni Quad

Picnic !

E xperimental Theatre
I announces its production of PIC-
I NIC ON THE BATTLEFIELD by
Fernando Arrubul. to be presented
Friday, March 24th at 4:00 and
5:30 I’.M. in the Arena Theatre,
PAC.

The play. to be directed by
Ilobert Verini, deals with a young
soldier's experiences during an un-
I specified wnr lying alone in a
trench, what happens when his
father and mother arrive for a
Sunday picnic. In its ironic treat-
ment of war's effects on the
humanist, PICNIC ON THE RAT-
TLEFIELI) demonstrates why Ar-
rabal has been culled by mtu
I Spain's greatest, most outrageous

 

 

 

 

‘ living playwright. Tickets--
79 8 9 9 pm admission t'ree--will be distributed

ALB/\NY STUDENT PRESS

  

for the l l'.M. show at the lst
Floor I'AC Box Office starting at

I
      I I 31.10. withtiekets available for the

II 5:30 performance immediater
l'ollowtng the it I’.M. sale. As
- I always, it's first come, first served

 

 

PAGE 17

  
 
 
  
  
   
 

   
  
  

   
    
 
  
   
    

   
  
  

  
  
   
    
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  

