 

 

 

PAGE TEN

by Kevin Phillips

“So Mr. Nixon has been the kind of
President that everything in his earlier
career had foreshadowed. Consider chara-
cter assassination. In 1952, Mr. Nixon
described Governor Stevenson as ‘Adlai
the appeaser.‘ In his ﬁrst national cam-
paign in I952, Mr. Nixon was shown to
be the beneﬁciary of a secret $l8,000
fund. In the 19505 young Mr. Nixon was
imitating .Ioe McCarthy..."

(William V. Shannon, New
York Times, Sept. 22)

Since July, George McGovern has twice
attacked President Nixon by likening him
to Adolf Hitler. But this tactic is notjust
an ordinary smear. It is also a film)” to a
key facet of McGovern‘s outlook; how
little his politics have changed
from the formative years of the late
Forties and early Fifties, when he, Mc-
Govern, was an apologist for Russia. a
supporter of ('ommartist-backed I948
presidential candidate Henry Wallace. and
an oppotient of the Marshall Plan and
Korean War, and a man who often mi-
micked Duili' ll’urki'r rhetoric with his
attacks on “fascist-tinged minds" and
“Hitler types." All of those skeletons in
McGovern‘s ideological closet can be
documented by reference to South I)a-
kyta newspapers and the new biography

GRASS ROOTS

McGovern’s Closet :‘ Where are the Skeletons?

McGovern by Robert S. Anson. I am
amazed that the press has not dug more
deeply into the record of l943-l955 to
understand and peg the George McGovern
of 1972. For twenty years, Richard Nix-
on‘s early career has been muckraked by
every liberal journalist who could grab a
typewriter. His life from entering Con-
gress in 1946 through the vice presiden-
tial years of the Fifties is an open book;
in fact, it is about two dozen open books,
a few friendly, more hostile, all revealing.
George McGovem‘s early record, on the
other hand, is hidden, and the American
press is letting him get away with it.

Is all of this relevant today? I think so.
Although McGovern apparently is trying
to hide his basic philosophy for the
duration of the I972 campaign. last year
he carelessly told biographer Anson that
he stuck by his I948 convictions:

“I felt then as I do now that US.
foreign policy was needlessly exacerbat-
ing tension with the Soviet Union...l liked
what (Henry) Wallace had to say about
foreign policy. I still think he was essen-
tially right."

By aild large McGovern is trying to
avoid public discttssioii of his activities in
the late Forties and early Fifties. Accord-
ing to Anson, “McGovern‘s own feelings
about Wallace are oilc ol' the few things
he does not volunteer readily about his
past. McCovcrii‘s campaign propaganda
conveys the impression that his beliefs
have never been anything escept the most

regular Democratic kind.” McGovern was
a delegate to the Communist—controlled
Progressive Pary Convention that nomi-
noted Henry Wallace for President in
1948, but stories differ on whether he
voted for Wallace, or didn't vote. Now
that McGovem is trying to play the role
of loyal Democrat (after threatening to
bolt the party as recently as early July)
his 1948 activities ought to be a hot topic
in the press. But they aren‘t.

If the American people are to have the
same sort of career information about
McGovern that they have about President
Nixon, here are some investigative direc—
firms that the press should develop.

McGuvern'i background as a religions
zen/o]: At first, be trained for the minis-
try and became an ardent disciple of
German Walter Rauscheubuscli, a ttirn
~of-tlie-ccntury Baptist theologian and
left-wing "Social Gospel" exponent. Diir-
ing the l‘MOs McGovern sometimes
compared elements of Cummunism (as he
now compares his own social philosophy)
to the basic thrust of the Sermon on the
Mount. Is this religious background a clue
to McGovcrii's radical social policies'.’

McGovern’i feeling Inward Rii.s.il'ti' In
I‘Mfi letters to his hometown newspaper,
he blamed the Western allies for the way
"heroic" Russia had been mistreated in
World War II: He apologi/ed for the
Soviet takeover of Crechoslaiakia and
other countries: and he followed the
Ilciiry Wallace line in attacking President

OCTOBER 24, 1972

Truman‘s Marshall Plan (for rebuilding
Europe) as an anti-Soviet plot....A
chronology and analysis of McGovern‘s
attitude toward Russia is in order.

Did McGovern vote for I948 presiden-
tial candidate Henry Wallace? Conflicting
stories have been told, and the press
ought to nail it down.

McGovern's left-wing memberships:
Richard Nixon‘s affiliations are a matter
of record, but there is no published list of
the groups to which McGovern belonged
during the-Forties and Fifties.

McGovern's aclivnies against the K0-
rean War: In I95]. while US. soldiers
were fighting in Korea, McGovern was
making speeches opposing the war and
calling for a ceasefire. The press ought to
relate his position on Korea with his
position on Vietnam.

it'll-Govern} c/ci-n'on year centrist":
Whenever air election year comes round.
McGovern changes his voting pattern and
acts the part of a centrist persecuted by
false charges of "radicalism". In I968.
when he ran for rc-election to the Senate.
his ADA rating (a reliable index of
left-liberal sympathy) fell from the mid-
iiiiieties to the low forties. Here again. the
press has not caught on to his moderation
as a long-standing McGovern tactic.

One hopes that as the campaign moves
into high gear. Senator McGovcrii's per
sonal history will get the smite careful
scrutiny as President Ni\on's already has.

 

icpnulcd \Allll pi'tltllssioll King I:L’tllll|t.‘S

D0 YOU TRUST
GEORGE MCGGVERN?

a MAN W110:

Supported Tom Eagleton 1000% , then pushed him off the democratic ticket?

Supported first a welfare plan awarding $6,500 per family, then one awarding
$1,000 per person, then abandoned both plans?

Supports a spending program that would increase the national deficit by.
$100 billion in one year?

Supports a commitment to Israel that would be impossible to fulfill if the McGovern
defense budget cuts were implemented?

DON’T TRUST GEORGE MCGOVERN

WITH AMERICA.
lﬂilOﬂRﬁMXﬁQUﬂIRﬂ

[or further information on Youth Against McGovern i'ulttot‘t
Youth Against Mcti‘ouern

:35 June Street

New York, N' Y. IOU/>1

(please indicate that you attend S. U. N l". A.)

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 Sargent Shriver
 Meet
i  4 Sargent Shriver

“That‘s what we have to recreate (national
destiny) in this country and that‘s what
we‘re not going to get under President Nixon
and we‘re not going to get it because he has
no idea of what the future of this country
should be He has no content. he has never
enunciated tl atlllt‘t't‘l of where we as a
people should go Itulcllict how we should
build :i better world tor i'\i~rybody inside the
United Sittlcs .ind outsid< of it " Speech to
Jewish War l'ctcruns. Houston, Texas, Aug. 8,
1972.

“Simply ll\lL‘ll to lllt' l’imiili-nt and you arc
listening to Hit \irls.‘ ot many Americans
today." Shiner said .ii the AlIlL'flLtJll liar
Association lIlL't'llll‘.‘ III I oinlon. llc said Presi-
dent Nixon "\iluiitcs |..s~ .i tuning fork" to
the way than} '\l:]t'l'it.tli\ fch about their
problems Shim-r said, “it you want to undci-
stand how Amen. ans lt.‘.'l iiboiil iiiinc. war,
iiisticc,;iiul rattadoii't bothri \\llll .iii opinion
surch or a loicign oltii; Irriclinp .ltIsI time
in on Mr. Nixon." hc s.lltl New York I'inics,
July 16, [971.

  
 
 

 

GRASS ROOTS

PAGE ELEVEN

McGovern Covers Up War Crimes

WASHINGTON lFCNSl-- McGovern, by Robert S.
Anson, an authorized biography of the South
Dakota Senator and Democrat Presidential candi-
date, shows that McGovern didn't report or covered
up at least two war crimes.

Anson devotes a chapter in the book to McGo‘
vern's fourteen months as a bomber pilot in World
War II, when McGovern made 35 bombing missions
over Germany, Austria, Czechoslovakia and Poland.

McGovern was not, evidently, a careful bomber.
Anson quotes him as saying, “You just dropped
those damn bombs where you could and got the hell
out of there before they shot your ass off."

On page 47 of Anson's book, McGovern remini-
sces about two fighter pilots who bragged about
shooting two Italian civilians off a bridge. Said
McGovern:

"Apparently they were coming back from a strafing
mission and they had some rounds of ammunition
left. 80 they gave them a burst of fifty caliber. One
of them said, ‘Did you see the way that son of a
bitch hit the water?’ I still don't know whether it‘s
true or not. It might have been whiskey talk. I was
stunned that anyone could be so barbaric about
taking a human life."

McGovern did not upbraid or confront the fighter
pilots, nor did he report the conversation about an
apparent war crime.

Anson also tells of an incident where McGovern
returned from a mission over Yugoslavia looking for
water or an unpopulated area to drop his remaining
bombs. McGovern’s bombardier instead dropped
them on a small farmhouse. Although McGovern's
waistgunner told him about the incident, and
McGovern put enough credibility in his words to
remove the bombardier from his crew, he did not
report the incident to his superiors or many any
official accusations against the guilty party.

Anson quotes McGovern as saying about his
military service:

My spirits and enthusiasm were high. It seemed
to me that I what was doing was central to the
defense of Western civilization. There was a sense of
exhilaration in that period, a certain amount of
pride in being involved in one of the most important
aspects of the war effort. There was none of the
torment that is involved in fighting today.

Anson, a former ’I'I'Inc correspondent, had McGo-
vern’s cooperation and full access to his files in
preparing the biography.

 

 

 

 

For Nixon... Sort of

by Connie (‘oyne

William Rusher, publisher of Minn/nil
Review, has disassociatcd himself frotu
NR's support of Richard Nixon for re»
election. He will, instead, just sit this one
out. Voting, after all. is not a central
symbol of the American political tradi
tion. Rusher is to be commended. as
principle rising above pressure always is

All tltc same, while sharing Rushcr‘s
criticisms of Richard M., I am glad that
NR did make the endorsement As an
organ of public influence, \R wielded its
weight in what I regard as the preferable
direction, And not for the sake >I
Richard Nixon am I glad 'lhcre may be
sortie merit to the argument that, if their

is a super-liberal administration, the coil'
scrvative forces will be united and,
through the experience of fighting. be
able to forge a stern front. waiting for the
next chance to take the I‘rcsidenm , and
then proceed to turn the country around
There may be some merit to the idea, as I
say, but I tliiuk it is more important to
avoid the losses that would take place
during such a Babylonian t‘\llc And as to
the llieory of rcarguard actions producing
a potent leadcrlisip coast-natives hati-
had enough i'carguard actions in the piisi
two decades to have gleaned cvcri pos
sible valtie from the experience,

It is important for conservatives to stall
learning how to lake the offensive Nison
is not one to teach tis, for the most
obvious reason (among others) that he is
not ll conservative. Ilut during four vrars
0f 11 McGovern presidency we cotild Iiol
learn any better. And in four years we
can hardly expect to sweep into the (‘liiel
Eitecutive office cold.

 

I hope that NR's endorsement will
influence enough of the good people in
this land to give so; ill the role to Mr,
Ni\on It will be a close race, I predict,
and if Ni\on doesn't get an\ more aggres-
sive in his campaigning it uizn be too
close I'il'ly-sis is :i pctrciitagc I like
because. according to statisticians and
other technologists. it is :it that poiiil that
a "coatlziil" effect lillst'\ place, and Re-
publicali (‘oiigrcssioiial candidates will
come in behind the I'rc/

Not all Republican ('oiigri-ssiui‘ii. not all
(.()I’ Senators (liartllv 'I tlt'\t‘l\t‘ clcclioii.
but there are mam who do and Ior them
to get into ( ongrcss would III III) iiiilid.
be worth liming Niwu in the White
House lhc legislative branch \\;I\ always
intended to he the \llpt'llttl branch. grant»
ed. the l:\ccuti\i- has attracted trio much
power. but the win to amend that situa
Iron is not to gain control of the l‘.\l‘t’|l-
livc arid hope to try to reduce its power

that is unrealistic It is easier to make
the ('ougrt-ss coiiscnatiu' and start trying
to lt'gtsltlli' i'oiiscruitisiu

No, I'm not watching the l’irsitlciii't
this time around pist out ol the router
ul Ill\ cw enough to lll.ll\t' suit Lone
some (icorgc isn't gaining too main
:ithaillagcs through the uniladioitncss of
the ('oimuittcc to Re Illt‘tl \Iv mien-st is

with David 'I‘reeii in Iouisraua, lrcnl
Lott in Mississippi, llaiold l~iochlicli in
Wisconsin, lid Young in South (arolinii,
lack ('ollius in Massachusetts, and Jim
Mct'lure in Idaho, Fletcher Ilioiupsoii in
(.corgia, Jesse Helms in North ('aroliiia,
and llill Scott in Virginia for starters
I'liere are others, too, more worth watch
rug than the Itig I’wo.

Madmen: Sﬁng: Ilia Mud

NEW YORK Ilv'C/VS)—-'l‘iine magazine,
in its August 28 issue, critici/ed Senator
George McGovern for repeatedly com-
paring l’icsidcnt Nixon and his Adminis»
Iratiou Willi llitler.

'I'inic noted McGovern hid used the
analogy both lll reference to Nixon's
Vietnam policy and to llll' Watergate
incident

Said 'li'mi' "Men in a L’illllllillgll yeai~oi
especially lll ii_ campaign yeiu~ such III_L"

toric is difficult to excuse. It rests, to
start Willi, on an inflammatory impreci-
sion, tlic poleinics of overkill."
Democratic Vice Presidential candidate
Sargent Shriver has also used strong rhe-
toric during the campaign. On a speaking
tour ihrough Missouri this month with his
predecessor, Senator Thomas Eagleton.
Shriver said President Nixon is "interes~
ted in power-economic power, political
power. IIIliililfy powci...llc's mad."

 

 

AND COME AS YOU ARE

 

“Among all the other things wrong with Pres-
ident Nixon, says Sargent Shriver, is that he
has never invited people to a White House
dinner who actually needed a good meal. So,
he promises, ‘One of the first meals George
McGovern and I give will be for people who
are hungry.‘

"Bully for Mr. Shriver. But why wait? Why
not go ahead with his guest list now and then
invite the whole crowd up to the Kennedy
compound in Hyannisport'.’ There's plenty of
space and food there-and money to buy
more.

“And why stop with a meal? Why not make
it a weekend liouseparty, with swimming,
tennis, sailing and, of course, some touch
football on those spacious lawns? We'd ven-
ture to say there are plenty of poor people
who've never seen the likes of all that. And
than, it has been said, shall not live by bread
alone.

“We do not question Mr. Shriver‘s compas-
sion for the hungry, but his proposal to turn
the White House into a soup kitchen smacks
too much of limousine liberalism to be
worthy of him or his campaign." Editorial
in the Philadelphia Inquirer, Aug. 20, 1972.

 

 

 

 

