   

 

 

 

New Hampshire
McGovern Predicts Close Race

By Walter Mears
AP Political Writer

Sen. George McGovern is forecasting a cliffhanging
finish in the New Hampshire presidential primary as
he and Sen Edmund S. Muskie begin their final
drives for votes in the March 7 balloting.

Muskie and McGovern, virtually certain to be the
one-two finishers in the Democratic race, both
planned five days of New Hampshire campaigning

until election eve.

“A small number of votes one way or the other
can decide this election," McGovern said Wednesday

night in asking some

800 University of New

Hampshire students for support.

"I don't think it’s going to be at all surprising if
this election here turns out to be . . . a cliffhanger,“
the South Dakota senator said.

McGovern's strategists contend that if Muskic's
New Hampshire campaign is to be jurlged a success,
the Maine senator should poll substantially more
than a majority of tiie vote, in a men with five
names on the Democratic ballot and an active,
expensive write-in campaign under way for Rep.
Wilbur D. Mills of Arkansas.

it is part of the primary election gami-smanship
for a political manager to set the opposition goal
high while keeping his own public claims modcsl
and more easily attainable.

But an outcome approaching the kind of cliff-
hanger McGovern envisioned would be a major and
unexpected boost for the underdog entry from

South Dakota.

 

George McGovern

Republicans: Kennedy Can Grab
Deadlocked Convention

by Gregg Harrington
Associated Press Writer

Republican strategists, looking
over their shoulders at an inereas~
ingly tight battle for the Demo-
cratic presidential nomination,
keep seeing Ted Kennedy.

Several of the men close to
President Nixon's campaign for
rte-election say chances are good
and getting better that the Demo
crats will go into their convention
in Miami Bomb next July without a
Clear-cut, front runner. The result,
they say, could he a massive shift
of support to the Massachusetts
senator.

’l‘he Nixon strategists inter
viewed agreed Edward M. Ken-
nedy iii serious at this point in
declaring he is not a presidential
candidate this year. They also
agree Sen. Edmund S. Muskie of
Miiine is leading the crowded field
for the Democratic nomination.

But they also said it‘s too early
to predict a Muskie nomination,
expecially in light of what they
sec as increasing strength for Sen
lluhert ll, llurnpiiri-y of Minno-
solo and, to a lesser extent, Sen,

PAGE 20

George McGovern of South Dako‘
ta imd Mayor John Lindsay of New
York.

“Kcnncdy is in an awfully good
position if he wants to make a
moi/c," said James Allison, former
deputy chairman of the Repiibli'
can Naitomil Committee and now
a political consultant

"He can ride through as a non-
candidate while the others cal
each other up, Allison said. “lfhc
thinks Nixon is vulnerable, he t‘tltl
go. There is some thinking he'll
come off the bench and i think
really deep down many Republi-
cans fear him the most."

One GOP strategist closer to the
Nixon campaiin than Allison said,
“if i were pinned to the wall, I
would predict Muskie will be the
nominee. But tluI eliancea for a
tremendous ticup at that conven-
tion are good. it's not unlikely
they'll go the convuntion without a
clciir~cut winner."

"If they go though four bal
lots," he atlid, "who knows what
will happen? And, of course, if he

Kennedy Write-In Drive

Concord, NH (APi—Nl‘w Hamp-
shirt- voters were urgcrl Tuesday in
|00,000 lcttcrs to write in the
name of Sen. Edward Kennedy,
D-M 5., in New l'lampshirc's
first~in-thc-nation presidential pri-
mary next week

"United Democrats for Ken-
nedy," headquartered in Silver
Spring, Md., said in letters rc-
ccivcd in households throughout
the state that even though Ken-
nedy “decided not to seek the
Democratic presidential nomina-
tion...if the citizens of New

     

llampshirc call for him...lhat.
example will he followed by mil~
lions of Americans across thr-
country and Sen. Kennedy will
answer our call."

The letter, signed by Robin Fic-
kcr, said lliat oiilyKenni-dy “can
rally the poor, the blacks, the
young, the old, the farmer, thc
laborer and thc middle class into a
winning combination."

Only Kciiiicdy, Vicki-r said, “has
the strength, the sensitivity, the
personal qualities of leadership to
be a great president," adding that

Organized

“every poll demonstrates that
Kennedy is the onc Democrat
who will surely beat. Richard Nixr
on in November."

Nonc of the Republican or Dcms
ocratic candidates, the lcttcr said,
“can inspire our people and lift
the nation out of Its doldrums,
Son. lt'i-Iincdy can."

Kciincdy‘s office iii Washington
said Fickcr, a candidate for (‘on-
gri'ss, is operating without any
authorization and that Kennedy is
still not a (,‘aiididatc.

 

 

There will be 3,016 regular delegates to the convention which opens in Miami Beach
July 10 to pick the 1972 Democratic standardbearer and his running mate. it will take a
simple majority, or 1,509 votes, to get the nomination.

 

 

 

@rcmiia iﬂiilagc Gene Water

 

 

  
 
  

 

 

 

wanted to, that‘s where Kcniicdy
could come in and pick up the
riiiirhlcs. You know, the ‘thc-
pcoplc waril nic' approach."

A deadlocked convention would
he an event in itself iN‘CtHlHL‘ of a
rmait history of locking up the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS,

SENATOR MUSKiE,
JLLS'T HOW WILL You
UNIFY AMEtzica?

END THE WAR?

\TRUSY You
CAN OFFER
SOMETHiNCJ
CONCRETE?

nomination before conventions
opened. The last time cither party
cast mori.I than ourI biiliot to pick
its nomincc was 1052 then Dem-
ocratic dclcgiitiis voted three times
before scttling on Adlai H.
Stevenson.

   
   
  
 
 
 

RUST ME .’

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1972

ff 0]

\

I/Lulk _

Vol. LlX No. 14

State University of New York at Albany

ALBAN
STUDENT
PRESS

Tuesday, March 7, I972

 

50 NY Administrators Enjoy luxurious living

 

This is the $200,000 house provided for the State Education Commissioner Nyquist. However, Nyquist
does not live in it; SUNYA President Louis Benezet does.

“...the State of New York has somehow found that it

can afford to pay its top education brass

more than the Governor of New Jersey.”

qoldman

SUNY Chancellor Ernest Boyer is provided with a home, located at 40 Marion Ave. in Albany, but, like
his superior, Boyer has chosen not to live in his official house,

by Vicki Zeldin
Capitol Correspondent

Despite all the cries of "fiscal crisis" and ‘--al constraints," the
state of New York manages to pay healthy sa mics and provide plush
homes for many of its administrators,

State Education Commissioner Ewalrl ii. Nyqiiist, receives an annual
salary of $51,500. Along with this salary goes a $10,000 expense
account—$5,000 for cxpciiscs and $5,000 for travellinll*which he
does not have to account for. Nyquist' salary is'$l,500 higher than
New Jcrscy (itH't'l'llnl‘ William T. ('ahill's—‘who is the third highest paid
governor in lhc U..\"t|llli is Well abch the $38,000 received by
California 's education coiiiiiilssionci', (The Governor of 'l'chs receives
$55,000 and is lill‘ sccond highcst paid slzilc hcad beaten only by Ncw
York's $85,000 a ycar Nelson A. Rockefeller.)

As if this sccmingly high sa ry and largc expense account were not
cnoiigli, lhc slalc also provides a Iiousc for the commissioner, 'l'hc
liousc, locali-d on Fiddler's Lane in l.oudon\'illc, was purchased in
1050 for $00,000. it cost $200,000 to build, and was appraised at
$|25.000 by the slate prior to its purchase. The stalc also picks up
llic tali for iiiaintciiancc and landscaping of the more than 10 acres of
grounds as well as paying for rciinovating and heating bills.

The states of California, Pennsylvania, ()hio, anrl Michigan were all
found to providr' nothing othci‘ than a salary and expenses for their
education commissioners. But, the most interesting thing about this
Loudoiivillc home is that Nyquist doesn't even live there. Albany
State Prcsidciit '.ouis ’l‘. Bciiczet rt'sidcs there instead.

Bcnczot, who can hardly be considered a welfare or poverty case
himself, rcccivvs a yearly salary of $40,708 along Willi a $2,000
expense account. 'l‘allying this all up, Benczcl ends up with about
$43,000 plus an all expense paid $200,000 English style house
(.‘Unlpit‘tl' with a heated swimming pool.

lf Bencch lives in Nyquist's house, then where does Nyquist live?
The Education Commissioner has his own home in the Albany suburb
of Fucra Bush whcr hc prefers to live. The state does not pay for this
house, but iic could livc iii a state financed house if he so desired.

Close on Nyquist's heels is SUNY (‘hanccllor Ernest L, Boyer. The
university head brings in $51,275 a year along with some $10,000
(tax accountable) for expenses, and he too is provided with a house.
Boyer, like his superior, had chosen not to live in his house, a 13 room
brick home at 40 Marion Ave. in Albany. Late last summer, according
to a SUNY spokesman, he did occupy the residence.

Loculcd off Western Ave, the Marion Avc. home was valued at
$08,000 when it was purchased in 1952. In 1004 some $l5,210 was
spent for rcdccoi'iilion and repairs. In 1070, a year before it was
rcoccupicd, thc statc spent sonic $60,000 on the house. About $0,000
was spent for rcdccorating, another 2,000 on utilities, about $2,800 in
tclt'pliolic hills and sonic $2,000 was spent for maintenance. ()nc full
tiiiic and mic part time housckccpcr wcrc ciiiploycd at a cost of
$| 2,500. Rt‘ptiirs on the slrucliirc s slalc roof ran about $30,000. A
large sum of money was also spent to guard lhc unoccupied slructurc.

 

Until this llllit‘, lhc Iiousc I't‘lnillllt‘li unoccupied except for an
occasional university gui-st liccausc lloycr cliosc not to inch from his
Slingcrlands hoiiic :iftci' lic assumcd thc ('lianccllorship Itl l070. 'l‘hc
housc was, and still Is, uscd for uniici .ilyu'idc nicclings. and
according to a rclialilc soui'cc, many of llic rooms in the house \vcrc
t‘iilii'l‘l‘lt‘ti :iito lounge areas to accommodate these confcrcnccs.
.-\ccvirding to Ibis sonic and scicral othcr people who have had i'ccciil
contact \\'lli| lill‘ ('hanccllor, he does not live at Ihc Alliaiiy hoiiic
contrary to lhc SUNY statcriicrit.AAriiitlii-i' sour-cc iiidicalcd that the
chancellor did iiidccd slay al thc Marion Arc. address, but that he still
iiiairilaiiicd his Sliiigcrlaiids rcsidcncc as well

Aiiattcmpt, by llobart chublican Assemblyman Edwyu Mason, to
end the practice of providing homes for state officials was killed in
committcc last ycar. He has not decided whether to make another
attempt this year.

Although it has been found llt't‘t‘tilﬂll'y to raise tuition rates iit SUNY
schools and to cut down projector! enrollments for the system and
hold back on new and developing programs allegedly because of a lack
of funds, the State of New York has somehow found that it can
afford to pay its top education brass more than the Governor of New
Jersey receives, aan to provide them with mansion-like homes that
they often don't even use.

 

 

