   

 

 

 

 

 

 

arts. and leisure 

State Unlvmlty a! New York at Albany Fr/day, October 20, 1972

 

/||

MARAT/SADE TONIGHT! 

 
  

pollution.

Face lifting Planned for Campu 

Continued from page one

As to any action, if any, the commission will
ﬁnally take: this can not be determined yet, 0m-
thing is certain, that John Buckhoff and Walter
'l‘isdale will see that the money is spent; they say
they welcome advice but it is apparent they will not
wait for it.

Study Began Last March

It has been a long road for Gary Selwyn. It began
even before last March when he started his study
His interest in the pond stems from when he
camped in the Woods by the water, something he
has done several times And his curiousity was
stimulated further when he remembered seeing
hundreds of dead fish in the surface of the pond in
May of |ll7 I.

What was killing the fish" The answer tn this
question would reVeal much aboul Ibi- pollution iii
the pond. In fact, much of Selwyn's study deals
with the simple question: "ls the pond a good place
to go fishing?"

Gary Selwyn believes that only the very hardy
goldfish can survive in the pond, that the repeated
attempts at stocking the pond have all been doomed
because there is something in the pond that kills
fish. Walter 'l'isdale thinks Selwyn is wrong, that
hass flourish in the pond, that many people enjoy
good fishing there.

'l‘isdale, in a memo to commission members, states
that “According to frequent observations lliere hiiVe
been relatively few fish die, and by few, I mean ones
and twos," Selwyn says thal in May of l97l he saw
hundreds of dead fish in the surface of Ilie
water. In the same memo, 'l'isdiile, after mention
ing that the Department of Environmental t‘onser
vation stocks the pond annyally, claims that he has
"personally witnessed good catches of lake fish and

  

Erosion ha filled In part of the pond and caused trees to fall. Drainage
plpcs dcposlt water and oil In the pond.

The great beauty of the pond has been marred by erosion and oil

 

there haVe been other reliable reports that our fish
are thriving." ’f‘isdalc told Selwyn that Joe Garcia of
the Physical Education department has enjoyed
good fishing at the pond. Selwyn asked Garcia
about the fishing and was told the last time he
fished there was six years ago. Garcia told Selwyn,
additionally, that he had not heard of good fishing
there for some years.

Selwyn also suggests that the goldfish may be too
strong competition for any bass, in terms of the
food available. If that is the case then a decision will
have to be made about future stocking efforts; it
may be necessary to kill the goldfish to permit
another species to live, At any rate, if Selwyn is
correct about the fish dying, then continued fish
stocking is useless Waste.

'l'isdale plays down the significance of oil in the
pond, stating lliat Selwyn reports only two‘tenths
of a gallon in the pond at any given time. Selwyn, in
rebutlal, points out that a quart of oil is enough to
pollute an acre of water. He believes, too, thal oil is
killing file but he can iiol prove this.

’l‘isdale does agree with Selwyn that the oil flow
iiilo the lake should be stopped. Selwyn wants oil
traps placed in each of the drains of the Dutch quad
lot and the Motor Pool. Bucklioff says that oil traps
in each of the parking lot drains would be impracti-
cal, but that an oil trap will be placed in the Motor
Pool, which he believes to be the main source of oil
pollution.

Erosion Problem

Another possible reason for fish not reproducing is
that silt, the result of erosion, affects the spawning
grounds of fish. Selwyn says that Dr. McNauglit of
the biology department told him that fish eggs may
sink through the sill. The question of the effect of
silt on pond life is important, although Selwyn does
not know the answer. The fact is that the banks of

 

Gary Selwyn did the first Seie
money and lots of time.

  

the pond haVe undergone considerable erosion. Ilie
pond size has shrunk as a result. Selwyn points to
the delta formation at the northwest corner of iln
pond as evidence. More evidence is the trees lll'.ii
the banks of the pond; they are tilted askew. [la a
ground support eroded away. Selwyn says inn
many trees along the banks had to be cut dim:
because they would have, eventually, fallen ll| illv
pond.

To correct the erosion Selwyn wants the bait
spots along the banks planted. Buckhoff agrees .lli'l
he says he hopes that planting will be a pai'l ml or
work thine with the $60,000. Buelthol'f h:i_\~ in r
the money will pay for building up the wall» In '
pond beneath the surface of the water on ‘
western side. Stone would be laid along the Willl- it
says, because they are collapsing.

Selwyn is pleased that (hedging Will be done a
one reservation: that the biology department \lllll. i!
have full supervision of the operation “\ll'lillt "
says the dredging will restore the pond In Its lItIt'-'
boundaries and depth, which is about l l let-i .ii
deepest point.

The dredging, which will be done from ‘u
overflow drain, that big cage in the lllltltllt' nl in
pond, to the west end of the lake, wrll \t-Ih
practical purpose of keeping open the pumps lli H.
pond that take water to irrigate the fields Sliltl
dredging operations have been done for this nutm-
each of the last three years.

Oil pollution and erosion represent the uth
threats to the pond, says Selwyn. But below In
could reach this conclusion he had to analym- other
possible pollution in the pond. He had to test In
chemical and bacterial pollution, running the suri u
tests a health department would do on any publi-
water. His results surprised and pleased him lm «m
the basis of the tests he ran, the pond was (lt‘l'llll‘
safe for drinking and swimming.

 

Pollution ('hecks

He first ran a chemical test and found iln .\ vi:
safe for drinking. As he wrote It] his Hi“ ‘
"Satisfied, but somewhat Mll’vl'lhl'tl b_\ |t|\ lllIIl in:
I decided to investigate further " 'I'liix tin-.ml Ale -'
mg for harmful bacteria

The chief rest for bacterial polluinm
i'olil'oi'lu count (‘Ulllilllnl is a llill'll‘lldl group H
easily detected and is always present Ill Iln- In
from warm blooded .iiiimiils l)i‘ Jain-I llmui ‘
lesls done ll) Ht'lllll'l' llygieiiie l.alioi.ilm\ bl ‘ 
ltlliti and I‘ll l . llie coliforin count \Vih llilllitl i
higher than thal which is sale for (ll'lllhlllL‘

Aflci' 0111‘ report from Ul‘lltlt‘l |..ilmi.itw_
5"l’ll'llllﬂ'l'. l‘.l7l, lli‘ llootl wrote .i llll'lllll 1-! I“
llllt‘ltltltfl' stating the "suil'aci- water hm l"‘
contaminated and always Will be and I dun‘ *
there's anything much can be done about ll

liul Dr. lloiid was wrong because llenilei l..|l"“‘
lory was wrong In declaring the pond coiilaiiiinal- d
Bender correctly discoverer] ii high coliloiiii \I‘Iw'
“‘ “W led but according to Selwyn, the I'tllllllllll
l’r‘iﬁﬂnt were harmless and colifnrin. The only \.lllll
test for contamination is u fecal eolil'orm Hell”

 

   

pliqu essay bygiiry (lciiisrli

 

 

PAGE TWELVE

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY. 0

 

   

 

  

\
‘

 

 

 

In this section:
Arts Preview
C/U Day Events

Classified
Graffiti

 

 

  

Photos by

Jay Roseilbcig

 

 

