ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
 

by David Tafth

Those who have accused the Broadway theatre of being irrelevant.
maybe dull. have obviously missed the latest effort of director Tom
O‘Horgan. In the past few seasons, O‘Horgan has corrtribitled lluir.
Lenny and Jesus Christ. Superstar to the Broadway stage. His latest
venture is a minor riiasterpiecc entitled Inner ('in and this. lbelievc.
is his greatest work to date.

Inner City opened last December to generally triixed notices. though
some critics did rave. During its first few weeks it floundercd and in
an atteiript to help the show srirvive. the producers lowered the price
of all tickets to $3 for one week during Christmas. It was for this
reason that I went to see it. | cht expecting to see a show inferior to
O‘l'lorgan’s three previous works. To my surprise and delight. the
show dazzled. the stars sparkled, and I was enchanted.

Inner City, based on Inner City Mother Goose by Eve Merriam. is a
collection of poems about New York City. Music by Helen Miller and
direction by Tom O‘Horgan brought the book to life. The most
beautiful music on Broadway and the most emotional acting I‘ve ever
seen made this a most worthwhile experience.

If you enter the theatre expecting a traditional play with a
traditional plot you ririglrt be a little disappointed with the first few
scenes. It might not be until the end ol Act I that you forget your
previous conceptions of Broadway and take the story to heart. The
story is not one that is developed through plot as we have become
accustoriicd to. The story is developed through song (there are 56
songs) and a minimum of dialogue. What we are given is a grand view
of city life. with scenes about education. goverrirrient. poVerty. police
and other aspects of life in the inner city. The scenes build and when
taken as a whole present a compassionate view of city life.

Linda Hopkins steals the show, though the rest of the cast Iii no less
than superb. When she sang ahorit her hrokcir home. I cried along with
her. and when she sang "It's My Belief." the audience stood 11p to
cheer for lret. Never lieforc have I seen an :ittdlcncc so aroused by a
perl'orrrrance as to give a standing ovation during a number. demand
an encore, and continue to cheer tlirorigli the rest of the scene, For
the remainch ot the show. Miss llripkins was cliecred each tirnc she
rctrrrrrcd lo the stage.

A cast ol ninc appeared two or three Inner. the sin liccatrsc of rapid
costtnne changes involved in the various roles each actor played. It
isn‘t until you look inside your l’laylrrll, notice a song is being

 

   

lttirtt'“

An “Inner City
Mother Goose”

Performed

on Broadway

performed by the entire cast and count only nine people on stage that
you realize how versatile each one is.

People of all ages filled the attdierice. Old and young alike joined in
the ovation as well as the two nuns sitting in front of me. It is a show
that doesn't offend yet doesn‘t tend to be naive. The ticket prices are
still the lowest you'll find on or off Broadway. Before accusing the
theatre of heirig irrelevant. a trip to New York‘s lithel Barrymore
'I‘heatrewould he most worthwhile.

The sound system is another asset to the show which is worth
mentioning, Shows in the past got away with the use of no
microphones and rrrirclr of the dialogue and rriusic was lost. Shows
such as Joint ('Itrisl. Superstar go to the opposite extreme by placing a
microphone down the throat of eaclt actor allowing the audicticc to
hear the gurgling of the actor‘s organs and an accompanying garlilrng
of words. All of this is most unpleasant to the cars. A rich yet
moderate tone entries from the speakers of Inner (int and only added

to the total experience.

.| ; ‘ I t
é irltt‘V i
. lh-- ‘
I, r
. ‘ll‘g

 

SUMMER STUDY ABROAD

i/ East European Seminar
1/ Study in France
i/ Study in Spain

 

 

FOR CREDIT

4 credits each

write to: Intercultural Center

u-Inn-n-u-Illu-u-ll‘H-llllhﬂlll Jlltllil

 

 

 

  

 

or phone 270-2332 ....Troy.,..Nwal-ZLBOI.~

  

 

 

It will be contained as an insert with the regular ASP.

Alpa- wishing to contribute In any way.
, .ngtgpturlgﬂlitmunhcc 334 It 451-2190.

u,-ano_-----n-.-...-.-.,..---------..---‘-n.-

rlllllllllllliIIllulllllnu-III-IIlIu-llllllllllirLII-llilllllltllllltlinn-[nix] 

On March 17. the ASP publishes its

Annual Spring lsue.

featuring poems, photos and essays
all on the theme of Springtime.

 

 

            

. —. r. .- -r. .I-r-i- )l-n-uun-tiimii mi ir rt mum i-lLl

 

FEBRUARY 18, 1972 FEBRUARY 18, 1972

A Tense Tale of "Confession ”

     

Tu-Niglil n m

 

Don’t let another weekend go by!

Make a Date

 

 

with the Patroon Roorr

  
 
      

 

All the food you like to eat

at special savings to youl

 

$I.S0 DISCOUNT with meal cord...

good Tuesday thru Saturday.

 

 

    

 

For reservations,

please call—— 457-4883

complete wine & beverage list

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 15

by Steve Aminoff

In terms of coherently taking the energy of a political ideology and
putting it on film in an intelligent and personal level. the 'onfessinn
may he the most exciting filrii you‘ll see all year.

The same creative spark that director Costo Gavros ignited Greece
with in  gave rise to this tcrrifyirrgly authentic story about those
purges in Hungary the resentment to which marked the valiant effort
of the llrinaatian people in W50“.

t» ltlrlllltdl candor. this is a tense and gripping talc which we
arc prcscntr'd \vrtlr on the scrccn. chs Moritanrl as the highly
rdcalisttc. only slightly rnrddleargcd llungarirrn l’ai‘ty Mctnhct rlclrier‘s
air unadulterated \‘rc\\ of what it was to go through the purge of the
Hungarian Party leaders in NM. Simone Signorct is wonderful as
\vifc. rnotlrct..rnd faltlrlnl rncrnlicr of tlrc proletariat.

Much of the action takes place in various prisons and "questioning"
rooms as a priltcc force of soils. whose identity only becomes clear to
us later on. is viciously attempting to c\tr;rct a “confession” from otrr
protagonist . (‘lcvcrh rrrtcrcut arc scenes taken front the prcscrtt
(t‘to‘tt of (iciald (chst recounting the nrglrtrnarc of it all. 'l‘lrc "l was
there" mood “as most effectively presented.

'llic tcclnrrcal cffr'cts nctc quite treat. (iamrs does not try to use
everything III the hook rrrst to he artsy. l-aclr fade. irrnip-cut. and
close-tip \\\'lt' tlrcrc for .r \pL’L‘lllr’ purpose. (iavros performs a neat
stunt \Kllt‘lt‘ltt he can /oornArn on .r subrect while the background
:Iltpcars constant. or “lull-out“ of the /.oorn. llic effect I.\ to distort
onc's perception about a grrcn situation and to lend a feeling of
“tllusronary-ir-alrly".

If .r llllll is done really well. it's very easy to lose \Iglrt til the various
components which made the lrlrn “work” in favor of ttlst being
wrapped-up in thc \lrit_\. (iavros did such an intense ioh that this
rcvrcw is really hall as long as it should he. See \\'lltll I mean Saturday

nrgln in It lit.

    

 

 

 

 

 

l)()N"l' I"()l{(ili'|'l
NORMAN MAILIER'S FILM MAIDS'I‘ONI".
THIS SUNDAY Nl(;ll'l'

 

 

The Havens Magic

Richie Havens wrll appr-rir tit
concert at. the l{.l’ l. l"ir|lrl House
on Friday. February 25, ltt72 at
8100 l’ M. as part of the Snlurnului
Wr-r-kcnd sponsored by the “His
sclncr Union.

Richie Havens has a way of
singing songs that inakr-s pr-oplr-
listen to tltr-ni as if they've ltt'Vl‘l‘
heard them l)l'f()l‘l‘. 'l'aking as his
liltill'l‘lill his own songs rind the
compositions of today's grr-rrlr-sl
popular songwriters Lennon .\'.~
McCartney, litih Dylan. (irirrlon
Lightl'oot . . . ltichrv gr-ts right
inside the tin-airing of them. tntr-r'
prcts tliciii In a way that cor
responds exactly to the wuy lll'
and his audiences feel about the

songs. the stories lll them and tho “)0 scr'nt‘ from HIV") by the
world around them. directness and strength of his solo

Whereas many musicians rv-intr-r-
prr-t songs by surrounding them
wrtli symphony orchestras,
swainprng them with thousand-
strong choirs. Richie's method is

exactly the opposite Using r

iiirriiirruni of Sltlt‘lnl‘ll. accompany
rug himself with his r'lrvlhriric and
forceful gliilrir technique (for
which he uses an unorthodox
rrpr-rr l'I tuning). liiclrrr- rr-livs
above all on the strength of his
rrwri pr-rsoitaltty to get the Iiittstc
ill't'rlsa. And it works. liichrr' has
followed up some of HIV most

telectronically) powerful rock

groups in the world and has stolen

 
   

On March 17, the ASP publishes its

Annual Spring Issue.

tr-.iltri tilt] inn-iris gilrotris.

 

 

ltlll r:‘.s..vs

.rll oil the llltflllt‘ rrl Sittitlttltliirt

ll rrvrll l)t' r ()lllrllllr‘tltv .ri :.r',r't[ cwtlr tlrr' ll‘t]ltl.ll ASP

 

Anyone wishing to contribute in any way,
contact Jeii Rodgers. CC 334 or 457 2190.

 
    

 

.- u -oo .. o
v-I-nuvv‘w'va‘ ~~.-u~wmw-mn a». 0.

performance.

In lllﬁil. ill the height of the
folk music revival. liicliic turned
to music. “I began hearing Iran
(llttitltlll'i' and |)rno Valenti and
Paul Stookr-y. 'l‘hr-y inspired rm
to try singing." Richie‘s nnrir
thodox opcn Iii-tuning, which
enables him to manipulate chords
on the guitar not possible with
standard tuning. dates from llIUM'
days. "I just stumbled on it ‘crtttsc
nobody taught me how to play."

For the next few years ltichrr-
sang in the Village. gradually garri-
ing a fervent underground fol
lowing hut paid. for the most
part. only by contributions to it
passed liriskr-t. It wasn‘t rtritrl hr-
i't-lr'tisr-d his first ailliurii. ‘Mixcd
Brig‘, that llavcns hr-gan to l'I‘I't'th‘
serious attention outside the
Village.

Tickets are on stile rrl tlll
'l‘icketron outlets, and at the
l(.l’.l. Field House for $~l.(ltl. aiirl
$3.00.

Slili TUESDAY'S
ARTS SECTION
I’OR SOME
ELEC'I'RII’YING NEWS!

llllt'l‘ll I{I(Ill'l‘
Effective rrlternalivrI to abortion
non profit; non deliniiiinrilionril
free: no charge
hours: Mon-Fri 9-1 it. won 0-8 out
52 Robin Street Albany
"" 'i‘ll’iJ-Z'MT 7litu'l'tti0 
Wm.—

  

