'Ij'ltiVe Been
SW” of the Future

by Diana Cy anovich

I. 1974 would have been a very good year. Original-
ly it meant an olympic sized swimming pool. a
hockey and pleasure skating rink, new graduate
dorms, married student housing, an extension to
both the east and west ends of the podium, and a
number of other grand constructions.

The large master planI at the east entrance of the
administration building. impresses those who hap-
pen to glance its way as they hurry by. Upon closer
examination it becomes obvious which buildings are
not completed and may not be for a number of

ears

The first thing that catches ones eye, upon glancing
across the plan before us, is the proposed east and
West extensions to the podium. The plans for the
west podium extension were all completed a year
ago. 'This area would have included, amongst other
things, enough room for the humanities and social
science departments to expand and breathe more
freely. An extension of the library and campus
bookstore and eating facilities would also have been
included. This enlargement of the library would
cater primarily to graduate studies. Two or three
lecture rooms were proposed. Although the univer-
sity is not being pressed for lecture center space, it
may be in the future.

Across the podium on the east end another
extension was planned. An expansion of the space
for chemistry, physics, biology, mathematics and
others would then have been possible. Higth
specialized laboratories for thus I fields is still one of
the basic dreams of the physical science depart»
ments.

Off the southeast end of the podium a field housi-
may someday be placed. This building would serve
many interest groups. The three main features
include an olympic-siZed swimming pool, a combi»
nation hockey and pleasure skating rink and a large
indoor arena. The arena could he used for track.
basketball, indoor football, as well as for speaking
engagements and musical programs. ’l‘en thousand
spectators could have been accomodatcd.

Graduate dorms for the uptown campus were also
included in the plan. This proposal was made With
the thought in mind of a large expanding graduate
student population.

Between these dormitories aml the undergraduate
quads is a. parking and recreational structure. l’ark
ing for students would hi- on two levels. ()in- would
be our hall' a flight above ground level and the other
one half a flight below. On top of these structures
would be lcnnis courts and an open lawn for gcncriil
usc and informal Across l"u|li-r ltond, on a large
tract of land owned by the University, was a
planned construction site for students. Closi- to tilil)
aparlmcnua for undergraduate and graduate students
was proposed. Since many students marry Iii-tore
lhi-y finish their college studies, the Univwsity feels
a need u make apnrlincnls availablc t-i lill'M'
student», Mirricd students will be more apt to
attend a school which offers housing at rents
affordable to students than tliosc without such
housing.

Last on our ht'ilft‘ii for missing buildings is lill‘
continuing education building. (itllli‘i'l't'llt't‘h ol‘ .il
most any variety would have i)l'l'll .Iilit‘ to Inl'l'l
here. The structurc would include conl'cri-iici' areas
and inolcl-typc rooms for |)lll’lll'|ptil|ta at such
conferences,

By now most students are probably wondering
why all these propole buildings wtll not be
anything more than wmlit'ul thinking for n number
of ycuru. The answer is Millpiy a lack of funding to
go through with the plans and a reorientation of
academic objectcha. As the Unchrsity stands prc
scntly, phases one and two are completed. 'l‘ln-ri- Ih
even the added extra of a health center licl‘ori- any
more construction could occur the statc'h austerity
budgetstopped all work.

The conditions of the present or not necessarily
permanent. Walter 'l‘iiitlale of Campus Planning
explains the situation ail possibly a “temporary
moratorium which might lust for a decade, more or
less." Once the University is given the go-aliend
through state funding some of these lost buildings
may come out of hiding

 

 

 

good man

The campus model located in the Administration Building lobby contains many buildings which were
never built, and which probably will not be built here for some years. They include new graduate dorms,
a conference center. planetarium, and a ﬁeld house.

aisnsw
According to Walter Tisdalc of Campus Planning. the halt in SUNYA construction may not be
permanent. If tilL' state fiscal crisis cases somewhat. it is conceivable that funds could be alloted for
building some of the structures recently s aslied.

 

(ilUW
Shown above is the site for the West Podium extension. ll project which is dead for tll least the next
few years. The extension would have included, among other things. enough space for Humanities, Social
Sciences, ii larger bookstore. another cafeteria. and an enlargement to the library.

/ TUE

Vol.LIX, No. 33 Stars Unliman of New York at Albany Tuesday, amends: 28, 1972

 

 

r Gridders Smash Stonybrook

l4-Zip;Boolers lose 4-0

Stories on Pages l3 and I4

 

 

 

PAGE 24

ALBANY STUDENT i’RESS FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1972

SW! A sectarian Presldent Mike Lamper!

Lamperf, Council
Knock Heads

Central Council Chairman Kerr S tokcm

'l'his year's (Icntrai Council has been called [hc ‘most
polititizcd” (.‘ouncii in Student Association history. It will,
perhaps, be one oi the most controversial.

Wliatcvcr else it is, one thing is clear; it is one of the
strongest and most independent (Icntral Councils yet.
Last ycar Council and the lixccutivc Branch of the Studcit
Association were closely cntwincd and able to agree on
SL‘Vt'rtli important questions.

This year, however, (.‘cntriil Council’s relationship with
ihc lixccutivc has been of a somewhat different nature.
Under the (.‘liairmanship of Ken Stokcm (above, right) the
legislative branch has taken a strongly independent posi-
tion.

Despite lilL' arguments of President Mike l.;impcrt
(above, left) Council named Stokci‘n chairman and .ip-
pointed last year's uusuttcssfnl l’i'csidcutial candidate
Stcvc (icrbcr to head the tl'llL‘ltli finance t’tlllllllllfcc. in
other actions, (Iouncil turned down Lampcrt's choice for
Assistant Political Coordinator. unfrozc thc 'I'ori'li budget
and passed a special “use of income" bill for the Media
Groups, all over Lampcrt’s objections.

Lampcrt tried to close the fissure by not vctocing the
Torch hill. Apparently, his efforts to improve relations
have not been successful so far. For tlic latcsthntral
Council news, turn to page 3.

‘

 

 

 

L.

 

