  

PAGE 10

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Injury Riddled

Matmen T rounced

by Mike Igoe

"We hung right in there even
though we weren't at full
strength. Our team was in conten-
tion up to the 190 pound weight
class." Coach Joe Garcia offered
these comments after his wrestlers
lost 29~l3 to CW. Post Saturday.

The matmen suffered the set»
back despite a determined effort
by the many reserves competing
for Albany. "It's been a tough
year for us," commented Garcia
in reference to the wave of bad
luck his team has experienced this
year. “We went into that match
without the services of Don
Marrone, Phil Mims, Cliff Wess,

Jim Nightingale, and Rudy Vido,
our big point winners."

In the match, ’l‘om Hull, Larry
Mims, and Jeff Albrecht were the
only victors for State. Ilull won
by forfeit. while Albrecht outpoint-
ed his opponent, 5&2. Mims took
top honors in the I-lZ-pound
weight division with a EH) deci-
sion.

The Dnncs' troubles Saturdin
stemmed from the fact that they
have been unable to keep their
starting lineup intact. Rudy Vido
fractured his leg during intersesv
sion and Walt Glad who has only
been wrestling with the team for a

Women Hoopsters
Spl'it Home Games

by Audrey Seidman
Albany's Women’s basketball team lost to Hartwick, 28—17, last
night, after leading at the half, 15-12, But after constant attempts
to move up, they only managed to score 2 points in the second

half.

An enthusiastic Albany crowd of about one hundred tried to
urge their team on, but the Hartwick women played well. They
led by 6 points after the third quarter without allowing Albany to
score. Chairman of Women's Intercollegiate Athletics, Leona
Rhenish, praised Albany's Tara VanDervecr, high scorer with 6
points, “As long as I‘ve been here we‘ve never had a woman player
who has been able to handle, and shoot with as much confidence

n

and accuracy as Tara has.

couple of weeks filled in. Previous-
ly , State had to forfeit the heavy-
weight division,

Reserve Larry Frederick took
over Marrone‘s job while ’l‘om
I'Iorn handled the IG7-pound divi-
sion. Jim Ii‘oy was called upon to
compete in the lﬁH-pound class,
because Phil Mims injured his leg
in practice. (En-captain Jeff
Albrecht recently returned to act-
ivc competition after being side-
lined since the fall with a broken
leg. Jim Nightingale withdrew
from school.

Despite the loss Saturday, Coach
Garcia was abundant with praise
for the wrestlers. “Our replace-
ments are doing a good job. Their
attitudes, us well as those of our
regulars, have been tremendous.
They have desire, interest, and
discipline." Albrecht noted that
“everyone is really busting ass."

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1972

 

Danes Tier Hopes Drop :
Potsdam Ekes Crucial Win

by Bruce Maggin

The Albany Great Dane Basketball team lost

 

The girls have lost most of last year's team, and returning from
that team are Chris Kenah and Vi Williams, both sophomores.
Also, back from two year‘s ago is senior, Donna De Lucco.

The team has a lot of women playing for the first time, but they
have brought a lot of individual talent to the team. They should
start off the year shakily, but should develop into a solid unit as

the year goes on.

The other members of the team are: senior Kathy Romano, aan
freshmen 'l‘ara Van Der Veer, Olive Simmon, Janet Grune, Chris
O'Mslley, Chris Miller, Marie Snyder, Kay Sands, and Inge Walko.

  

...i,’oodrnan

ground to the SUNY Conference leaders as they
dropped a crucial game, 72-68 at Potsdam, last
Saturday, before a turn away crowd.

Albany, now 42 in conference play, trails Buffalo
State and Brockport by two games in their race for
thc SUNYAC championship. Next Saturday Albany
plays one of their biggest games of the season as
they take on Buffalo State, which is undefeated in
conference play. Conceivably, the Danes could end
up with an 8-2 conference record if they beat
Buffalo State and Win their remaining conference
games.

The Dani-s chance of a tic for the conference
championship all depend on what happens to
Brockporl‘s slur forward, Norman Bounds. Thi-
E(?A(' lwu'c ruli-d him Ineligible to play but he
obliiiiicd a coiiri iniunction permitting him to play.
If the I'I(71\(' stands by its original decision, Broclc
port would have to forfeit all of thc gamc in which
Bounds has played, l'lltllllg their hopes for lhc
SUNYAU championship. If Bound.- i.~. ruli-il cligiblc.
Brockport's gamc againsl Buffalo Slate Ifcl), 2!), Will
probably be for lhc conferenci- wmncr.

I’olsdiim's chanccs for a share of the confcrciicc

title hinge on two possibilities. Albany must defeat
Buffalo State and Brockport has to be ruled
ineligible.

Buffalo appears to have the. best chance beside
Brockport to win the division.They have already
defeated Potsdam. However if Buffalo loscs to
Albany, they could also end up tied with Albany
and Potsdam for the league championship.

Gcnusuu' the only other contender, appears out of
the race. They have already lost to Albany and bare
yet to play Brockport and Buffalo State.

The Albany game against Potsdam was ('l()Sl‘
throughout the contcst. The Bears Wl‘l't' able to gain
an early first half li-nd 2820. However, the Danes
were able to tie the score 118-118 at, half time.

In the sccond half, Potsdam jumped off lo a I?»
point ll'l|(l hill Albany was able to close to within 2
points with under a minute to play. llowt-Vcr,
Potsdam made 2 foul shots with one second
remaining to clinch thc victory.

(Toach Saul-rs l'cll tliiil his team could have won
the game biii lbe Danes made too many hall
handling mistakes. Saucrs was particularly dis
plcnsi-d With lhc Danes foul shooting. Albany was
only ll of 25 from the foul line. Albany is now
ltl-l for llll‘ season. ‘

Von Ryn Stars, but Dones Sunk

race. Coach Kelly singled I‘Is n

...pollach

by Kenneth Arduino

A tough Bridgcwaicr swimming
tcum heal the (irenl Danes by the
score of til-lit, Saturday For the
Danes, who are now lnl, the star
of the Illl't'l was Lennie Van llyu.
Van ltyn broke the Albany varsin

yd. and hill) yd. freestyle. This
was thc i-ighlh time this year that
he has sci or tied an existing
record, and the season is only half
()Vt'l’.

Anolhcr Albany State record
was broken by Marc Eson in the
fill yd. freestyle. l‘ison's time of
Ill-1.7 was a new school record but

out for special praise as hc 'IHU
finishcd third in the backstroke,
cclipsing h... previous best time by
four seconds.

Kelly has tabbed Eson as the
man to replace top backstrokcr
Bill Him who graduates nch
.lune I‘ison was also a member of

 

records Ill Winning bolli the Blltl he could only placc third in the

the Victorious 100 yd, fret-styli-
relay along wrth Ed Daniel, Kl'll

 

AMIA B-Boll Standings

LEAGUE lll
L

LEAGUE IV

A w w L A w L (
llache Cwan 5 0 Snack Bar 5) I) I. A. .lams {I I, I,II.IIi
Munﬁuymun -i l UAWMI" h | Apachcs I I NItll'l'lN St
Simba's Stars 1 1 Moses Men 1| :3 I‘TVIIltt Nuns II I “nupslors
TXO .I l Pug» il :1 (iii-‘1 Alh'ml‘” 2 3 l’lianlon ii
ALC 2 ll Mot'os :l :i lanuisition 3 II IIHIi
Leehcrs 2 ll lll’S '1 ;i S'l‘ll (‘lowns 2 I I. I Iiummﬂ
STE 2  lll).\‘ ‘ ‘3 | l‘li'ulon l‘onu-ls I I IcIym“ Nun"
Chuckers l) 0 NW. hill‘kh 3 I TV) 1 i HDX lh-ri-licls

()ld Milw 1 l i'll'ollh o l lllll‘alcfl

li “ ll
Trojans ii i) N.” l ‘1 t: Vlt‘lllilh l U n
"41"" A l 2 “m”! U 'I’ Hull and ('icd .l I llilll’l’d” 7'"
(.‘hlilki-ri. Ii “.5 I'l'illt'h fl 1 VI‘ '/,,,,, I g |\'uh|a l\'h.iii
Am», :I 2 (ilili‘lllllltllll‘l'h i  “I”, II ,J MINNIPIB
Slompi-rs :l L’ I’I‘J'AH I j‘ w,-,.,.I,,.,| g .i lll’S
S’l‘ll :i .'l 110‘» [alum l -‘ yum“... g i ('n'i'us
Stutt- Ill-up:- 2 it hitl’ Illwllll‘h 1! l (IIIX IIIHIII,“ I ,I Kunquats
Apungul-h l .‘i Little loduuin L‘  AVA I, I 5",,“
Shel). Bl'llVl'l’h l) f) “Ultllll‘dill‘W' ” h  I 1 “Hi Ilocli

 

 

 

Weber, and lies l’urctt,

I’eler (lerstcnhaln-r had two big
wins with Victories Ill the ‘Jllll
nulivulual medley and the 200 yd
butterfly. The Dimes Lake on New

W L l’alll. 'l‘hursdiiy,

h 0

I ll

4) .

I 3 J-V Wins

2 -_ The Junior Varsity won its

2 .I second straight Victory with an

I II overtime wm, tillli? over Mo

0 I han Valli-y Slate Sllll'lt'tl out

I) I slowly and was down iltlrill at
the half. Albiiny l'illlll' buck and
had cut the deficit to one poiiil
when Mel llrown sank a free
throw as time expired Jerry
Hoffman llllll the last four

ii n points of his game high ‘37. in

I ll the closing minutes ol the on-r

,‘l ‘3 lime period to clinch Victory

'J L]. Albany shown-d baliiiicc al'lcr

'3 2 llol'fmau Wllll llob llavrs and

:3 2 Fulton llychi- Will] It) poinis

3 2 and Curt Woodcocli and l\Icl

l) '1 Brown Wllll it points,

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1972

’STI‘lall Impact Seen
For High F/ S Ratio

by ltobin Sansolo

The school year beginning September W73 will
show an increase in l‘acully-stiulcnl ratio here at
SUNYA. This is a result of reallocation of state
funds by the state legislature. ’l‘hc actual proposed
figure is one professor to evr-ry l:'i.il sllltlcnis. This
is an increase from the opcraling ratio of I If] and it
further increase from last year's ratio of one faculty
position pi-r 13.5 students. In a convcrsulion Willi
David Marlin, an assistant to Vicc President
Sirotkin, many reasons for and problems caused by
cutback Ilt‘t'illnl' apparent.

The opinion of the Htalc lcgislnluri- is that a--
mucus“ in faculty sludi-nl ratio Will not lll‘tll'll’llll
clitiil to the Stalc Universities. lll lhc stall-hudch
proposal booklet it was stated: “Now tlial niosl of
the Unchrsilies haVe had a long period of i-xpair
sionury growth, both in tcrms of new programs and
faculty, it is not csscntal to continue to support
these lower (faculty-student) ratios.“

In spite of these cutbacks, Albany falls abovu the
average ratio for university centers, which is the
highest for all branches of the State Univorsity
System, excluding medical centers. However, this
does not indicate how the increase will affect each
student. On this point Marlin discussed scvvral
important conderations.

First, of the positions to be cut, many are already
unfilled or will be automatically vacant at the close
of this semester. In anticipating cutbacks, the
university was not as proni.I to refill positions as in
past years. Martin therefore bi-lii-Ves that many
faculty members will not have to be fired and tin-
increase will not be so apparent.

On campus there is no mandated ratio for each
class section, and there is not an chn distribution of
faculty throughout all divisions. One problem has
been that as student interest in a department grows,
the faculty increases until a large tenured staff is
employed. As a result, when student interest shifts
the fuculty«student ratio by department becomes
distorted. Martin cited this as a problem facing the
University. The tremendous increase of majors in
the social sciences and the removal of English as a
requirement were two examples given in which the
ratio by department was left grossly unproportional.
This rather bleak side of faculty-student ratio is
being discussed by a Conference of Deans, who Will
try to reallocate positions. In order to further
explain what the increase will do to class size,
Martin revealed the latest class size figures. This past
fall the operating numbers for 100 levul courses
were:

Class Size:

1-10 Il-Zfl 21-30 314041-50 fil~60 (ill

No. of Classes:
:18 116 IZS SH 62 1l2 HH

Student opinion seems to concur Willi Martin's. As
he said, it, is doubtful that such a small increase In
the ratio (.6) will hich ii gri-iil iinpacl on the
sludcnts, At this point. howu-vcr, lllt' iiilcrdi-par
lmcutal l'iicully student ratio ninsl lN' ri-worlo-il .uul
mori- justly proporlioncd

ATTENTION

PROSPECTIVE R l lSl l HES

All University Open House
Thursday February 3

Brubacher Hall
9:00-1 l : 00 pm

nickle beer a flicks 0 band

SIUDENI lD REQUIRED

Sponsored by Inlet-Fraternity Council

IDIOQOII{3.000

{110. aw.“

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

a

  

Classrooms should become more crowded in the fuﬂleas the faculty/student ratio rises from last year's
l3.5 to an expected 15.3 next year. David Martin, Assistant to Vice-President Sirotkin feels that the
impact of this increase will be minimal.

...soIomon

 

Registralion 1 Day Students

Classes Begin

('la ' Suspended » Labor [)in
(Tlii cs on Monday Schcdulc
('liisses Suspended
'l‘hanksgivmg Itl-ci-ss

   

:r

(Iliisscs I‘Ind
Final laxa ms

Registration Day Students

Classes Begin
First Spring Rpm,“

Second Spring Itcccss

Classes End
Final Exams

(kiiiimcncemcnt chkcnd

t‘lunnu-uccnicnl Ilay

 

FALL l972

v Evening KL Saturday Students

~ I‘lvvning 8r Saturdin Students

8 am. Monday, August 28.
Monday, September Al
Tuesday. September 5
Monday, September 18

12 in. Wednesday, November 22 to

H a.m. Monday November 27

5 p.m. Saturday, December 16
Monday, December 18 to
Saturday, December 23

W

Friday, January 12
Saturday, January 13

H a.m. Monday, January 15

5 p.m. Saturday, March 10 to

S u.m. Monday, March 19

5 p.m. Saturday, April 14 to

8 a.m. Monday, April 23

b p.m. Saturday, May 12

NU'l'lC The class of li|7.l Will Ill' asked to choose either Saturday.

Friday, August 25
Saturday, August. 26

Monday, May 14 to
Saturday, May 19
May 26 » May 27

May 26 or Sunday, May 27 as

 

 

Viet./U.S.:

“Different As Day and Night”

|‘\l\'|.\ i,\l‘l Ninth \‘ll‘lllulll

..iul llAIT.I\ ili.il lll".IIIll‘ \l't'll'l l.ill\\
u ul. lln- l'ioim Slum, Iln-
Iiwnlioir. nl Iln- |\\'ii lllllllll'll'\ on

I'll \lr'lll.llll l'llllllll'l It'lllillll ".is

lillll Il'Ill .r. ll.|\ .iinl l|l|1l|| “
.Ngimii 'l‘li.uili |.l-,

ill the Nuilli \ll'lll.ll||l'\l' tll‘l|'}:4|

spukmiiiaii

lll'll lo llii l’tll‘» lll'.|||‘ |.illm NAIHI

Iln' \llll’lli'JlI |l|IIIItlu.|l\ .iI llll'

\t't'll'l Lillis Lisl \l'ill sliowml that
the l nilcil Stall-s has “not Iiiiilgcil
.I \llliﬂlt‘ lllllllllll‘ll'l' "

lm ~..iid .il .I lil‘\\'\ I'illlll'l‘l'llt‘l'
lllill llu- liiiili-ll Slalcsiliil not ll\'|'
up In |l\ word \Vlll'll it i'cvcalcil
llli' \l'll|“- nl \|'l‘lt'l talks llt'l\\‘l't'tl
l’ll'Kltll'lIl Niuiii's national \l'l‘ill’l
ty .uli-u-L Ill'll|\ .\ Kissiiigi-i,.iiill
{\oilh \'ii-ln.inn~sc officials in

 

Women’s

SARAH PINES,

 

PRESENTS 2 SPEAKERS:

SARAH DIMONT, historian

Thursday night, February 3rd
Campus Center Assembly Hall

Liberation

psychoanalyst

atapm

 

Paris

l.c I’I‘ll‘dhl‘tl [he lt'Vl of the nim-
poinl Norili Vietnamese “Ilt'dl't'
iiiilialirc" which was liaiulcd in
Kissinger .il .1 Sl‘l'l‘l'l int-cling in
l'.iii.~. Illl .llliic Lili. 'I'hc lllIli' plunl
plan Il'M'lllllll‘ll closely llic \l‘\‘|‘ll
poiul program pri-scnlcil by [In-
\'i--[ (‘oiig .lii|\' I.

The North \"n-lnainvsi- plan
c.illcll to: \yilhili'awal ol all US
lorccs and those of l'ori-ign
countries .illu-d Willi lhc United
States Iroin "South Vietnam and
other lnilocliniu-sc countries"
wuhin the your 1971. The Viel
l'ong plan iin-iilioncd Withdrawal
only from South Vietnam.

The llanoi plan said that .ill
military and civtlian prisoners
would hr released “piirallclly”
with the troop Withdrawal and
"morph-led at the same time."

 

Applications for positions as
STUDENT ASSIS‘I‘AN'I‘S inﬂu-
(‘ampus (‘enlcr for the Sinmher
and Fall of 1972 are now avail-
aqu in room 137 of the Campus
(luntvr, Applications must be
. submitted by March 1, 1972.

 

 

 

 

