   
 
    
  
 
   
  
   

 

 

 

 

vieW/ar'tS/pre~vieW/aﬂs/prévieW/arz‘s
Folknews

by Arlene Sclteurer

Those of you whose itiletest
was siirnulated by the riiovte
Lady Sings the Blues will be
interested in a recent reisstie ol a
Billie llolliday albtttri called
lardi' /.oi'(' tUtiited Artists UASA
5035i

Side orte consists of seven per-
l'orrnances with a trio. lairl) well
recorded. arid with Billie rit larr~
ly good. though riot her best.
form. Most allectivc are her
treatments ol~ “My Man" arid
“Them There liyes "

Side two is a Jain wrtb Buddy
DeFranco on clarinet. Red Nor-
vo. Vibes. Jimmy Rarrcy. guitar.
and Sonny ('larke piano. None
of these musicians even ap-
proach tltetr potential. although
Dcl‘T‘atlt‘tl seeriis inspired. il ty-
pically repetitive

ll riotltirig else. tlits albttrti still
slum you that lady Day was .t
lot less rrtaudlitt. and a lot rriore
her own worrtan tliati tlte riiovre
let orte believe

(.reat Jal/ rirustctatts don't al
ways die lliey also lade away
Such is the case wttli llairk
Mobly A short tiiiie back he
lorrned a group Willi piatitst
('edar Walton as well as ('ltarles
Davis on harry and soprano tlte
ubiquttious Sam Jones on bass.
arid depettdable lilll) lltggtrts.
diurtis 'l‘lreti alburrt lirerile
I/imttglt' t('obhtesiorre ‘Ititti
shows the leL‘lsll} and strength
til the grrrttp

The ltuh ol the MobleyWaltott
()urritet was very deltrittel)
('edar hittisell lie is one ol the
rrrost immaculate. relaxttigly‘
swinging pianists on tlte scetie
Wltatever yoti tlitow littti. lie can
make good Ja/l oi it "love-
Stoty" is a case trt point it ever
there was a ttonaaH song "Dive
Story" is it But Walton trans
liititl\ ll into a personal sonata
hotli tiriaccotripatitcd and with
the trio llts ttittted chords and
delicate lines tell tlte story Wlilt
leeltrtg arid restraint A petlect
perlorrrratice

Walton swrngs on all the other
tunes as well. Mobley on tenor
and Davis on baritone rtrtrip
.rrrroitg the simple changes ol

 " Blind ings,” derly Plays

"Breakthrough " Davis switches
to soprano for "House oti Maple
Street" and plays sortie ttiovirig,
httt unsteady things. Then Mob-
ley takes over with vtrtle. search-
ttig sole tltat terriitids yott that
he‘s a man to be reckoned with

On the secortd side the ltoitts
seentr to he still and iintespott~
stve. btrt the rhythm secttort
carries lllL'tll easily on their hack.

I hear tltat Mohley ltas t'ettr'ed
again. Hopefully the grotip wtll
reboot and do a record otie
better than tltis

There are a lot ol cats who do
trotltttig htit trait arotttid lot the

next ('atrtiotihall Adderley it'-
cord. arid not inst ia/I. latts
either Well wait rro lorrget The
next orte is ottt It‘s called THU
llup/ri' I‘eop/e ((‘apttol
S'l'rl l l_‘ll arid it contains some
of the triost elletvescetti petloi-
tiiartees hy the .rltotsl iii rtiatiy a
year
Brother Nat ts lits old. warm
and happy sell on cottiet Rot
Met'tttd) keeps things tttriiptttg
vvttlt sortie possethrriise tltllttl'
tritrig lltt llris group _\tttt got to
play strong lost to keep ltoiti
betttg overrun by tlte others)
Altogether this is .r rttce. rritor-
trial happy session. attd With its
Bra/than overtones rt lllllt' WWI"
\’L‘tlllt)ll.ll (‘anttorihall laits will
hit) it whatever I say To others
it _\Iitt like what I described. gt\’i'
II a it}
l‘Vt'Hlltttly seems to be tr\ttti.'
tlteir hand at trick these tl.r\s
arid Shelley Mature that re
dottlttable Jail tlrtttrititei is no
longer an exLeptioit llts tieoest
llr/IIItr‘ls’t/Ig lMtrrrtstteatti i/\i is
.i delitttte step in that direction
Oi clllll‘rt‘ Marine is too .ttl\’t‘ll
Itirtrtis 1t rtittsirtart to latch httri
sell to a stttiple totk heat, so he
tltt‘Vll-llll) evolves lioiii it and
provides some excellent support
lot pianist Mike Wollortl the
brilliant young trurripet. (tar)
liaioite. John (iriiss - atrotltet
one ol tltose grttll terror players.
lell ('aslletrtarr - a thinking
man's bass player who once
worked With tilingtorr. .lohrt
Mrrrrell - art undtsttugttislted
guttarist, and Brian Mollait on

    

assorted noises.

lti sliorl. this album ltas its tips
and downs. Still it's worth
havtrig. pm to Witness another
chapter in the ltle olSltelley the
Magnificent (‘olottst

Comedy in

(itottcho Marx learns tip wttli
('attirett Mttatida this l‘ttday.
December K at ltl’Jt) l’.M.. when
(‘hatttiel l7 presents “(‘opaca-
batia." a bombastic cotrtbitiattoit
of comedy. song and datiee.

llte trtustcal tribute to New
York's deluxe titglit spot ol yes-
teryear. the (‘opacabana hills
Mars arid Miranda as art actttig
teatrr. tti love httt too poor to
riratty llte plot thickens when
(ittttlc'ltti capitalth on ('atrriert‘s
setisttal allitrc to get her .1
booking at the cltth (arittctt is
da/Ilitig .rs lltc "lira/than Boriib
shell " The club is sit impressed
that "agent" (.tottclto is asked
to hook another clrettl tlte
ttttagttiary Mlle l'tll llte Ittn
begins when (.rrittcho has to
deliver the grinds

"('opacahatta" can also be seen
on Sunday. l)ecerirher Ill at
Stltl l’ M over WMll'l cliattttel
l7
lurch l"tlll‘.l\ ritglrt .rt it] it)
I’M .(‘ltartnel l7 presents .i nest
llttll)\\'tiod \l.l\\|s ltIrtti lltt‘
tltitties arid lorries lhe l'tlil.t\
tttglit ltlrtt is tetelerast on Sun
do .illetttooti trier WMlll l\'
('ltantiel l7's weekly ttrovies arc
tirade possible by trictnliersltrp
stiltltllillllttlls to the non
rllllllllL'ltlJl l‘tibltt l\' station
All l'ltarttiel l7 ltlrtts are preseit
ted intent and ttrtrntetttipterl
41454444»

A ltost ol roititrs born the
days ol great radio. stage and
screen learn tip lttl ('liattriel l l's
leatttte ltllll. "It's In the Bag.”
l’tttla}. l)t‘tctitltet l‘‘ at ltl ill
l’ M .trtd Sunday l)t'tl'tlllll‘t l/
at i lit) I'M over WMlll l'ltlilts
Television

The cotiitc l3 tttilltott dollar
tittttdet mystery stars l‘lCd
Allen. Jack Benny. thlttttri
Bendix. lltttttie Barnes. Robert
Bettcltley. Jerry ('oloritia. Jolrrr
t‘arradtiie and (ilorta l’ope

Sweet Potato Pie, otherwise
known as Lana Allen rind Doug
Johnson. will be appearing at the
Eighth Step Coffee House Fri-
day and Saturday. December [5
and to at 9:00 pm, Playing tl
Variety of instruments. their
program will run the gamut from
traditional folk numbers to corr-
tetnporary. relevant. topical l'olk
tunes. Performing a repertoire
that includes riiore than thirty
songs written by Dottg Johnson.
their iiiustc will include soirgs
written by lttertds and well
known artists

Dottgt age 38. was born ttt
Bristol. ('orrtt. Alter stitdting
piano and trttnipet itt hrs earls
years. he took rip the guitar
which he ltas been playing lot
over eight years larta. ort tlte
other liaitd. ts ltotit Austin.
'l'esas. atttl has been playing
various instruments since child-
hood. including clarinet. oboe
and guitar. She settled on bass
some four years ago. During
tlieit pet'lortrtatices one may ex-

pect to hear them back tip them
selves on six string guitar. I)
string gttittir. string bass and re-
cordcrs.

The liiglillt Stcp is located at
14 Willctt St.. Albany. Doors
open at 8:00 PM. arid a 5|.5tl
donation will he asked to help
pay the expenses.

Tuesday. December 1‘). britigs
to the stage ol the lirglith Step
(‘ollec llottse two young women
ltotii Sktdtiiore (‘ollege itt Sara
toga Springs r Debbie Retipltati
and l"/elytt Wlitte 'lltett pro
grirra wrll begin one hour alter
the doors open at the coller'
house. 5300 ' “:30

Basically ttadttrorral tolk
singers. tltetr repertoire includes
a Wide variety of Anglo-Anteri-
can ballads triintrtg songs. Ap-
palachian carols. sortie Woodie
(.tttlttte and some traditional
dttrikiitg songs. ltisttttrrientally.
the} Will he accotttpatiytiig
themselves oii lolk guitar and on
the drilctniet.

Store on Channel 17

l’ied l-‘loogle (l-red Allen) ex-
pects to rrtlrertt $12 irttlltorr
when lits wealthy ttricle dies
ritystertottsly Alter spettdtrig
littrisell deep into debt. l-'loog|e
receives live cliatis as his sole
inheritance. httt trotrioiiey. 'llie
O'llcnry irony arid l'ttrt begins
alter the cliatts are sold arid
il
tlteiit was the hiding place lot a

Floogle discovers that one

big staslt ol loot.

(‘hattriel 17‘s lltillywood
classics come to area l’ublic TV
Viewers thanks to trieinl)et'sliip
doriattorts to the station from
people throughout the region.

Next lirtday rttglit at 10:30.
('hartttel l7‘s trrovte ol the week
Will he “The ()x Bow Incident."
starring llciity l"lllltls and Dana
Andrews.

RP] Calendar

Friday. December X and Saturday. December ‘) are two triipor tattt

dates at The liettssel‘acr Newiiiait l-'ortttdatiorr‘s ('hapel arid ('ttltural
(enter on littidett Avenue ttr 'lroy. when S'lOt'KAM: TllltATRl:
l‘ROl)U('l|ONS presents Bill Matiholt's twircliaractet comedy lirt
'llll' ()Wl ANl) 'llll‘ I’llSSYt'A'l at x..itl p.riil'lte play. set iii .1
bachelor‘s apaitriiettt ttt Sari l‘tatts'tsL‘U. had Barbra Streisand iii the

letrtale lead when the play vras done tor ttrortori ptctttres II was

originally produced on Broadway to liltia

An actor arid art ‘at'ltess whose talents are hlossoirittig tinder

S'lOi‘KAlM: tutelage Will be seen as the two principals iii the play

Ray Rockwell. \\lltl touted the totirpany last spring. Will be seen as
l-ehx. a \\’l|lt't .ritd intellectual Rockwell ltas worked in YOU KNOW

I ('AN‘l lll’AR YOU WlllN
I'Nl‘llANll'l). .ttid ANY

llll WA'II‘R‘S RllNNlNG. 'llll-
Wl'lMl‘SllAY tor S'l()t'l\'i\|)l

l’l{l)l)l3("ll(lNS' lltt‘ role o| Doris. the rough hard girl dowrt on her
link. “I” he handled li\ lt‘slte llcller Mtss llellct also |otttt'tl lllt'
Ltllllllilll) last spring .tttd \sas seen at Mario's iti YOU KNOW l

(AN'l ||l AR Yttl \‘llllzl\
liAltl I OUT IN llll I'ARK

llll' WAIIRS RUNNINU and

llre play still be (lllL's ted bx .lolitt Rota urih the prodttctroits Ill

chat ge

rt .loatt ltlllltltl liolierr \larl .rtl.ttrrl is |eelttttr.;tl Director

Reservations lttt llll tll‘ll r\\ll llll l'l Shi'l’Al will be made h\
ralltiig H-l 77‘“ (.r'ttetal .rrltirtssrort is \r’ titl sttrilenls ‘Irl all

lht' \llltttlt l-rtcnds rtl laittissorkr-ts \\lll sponsor the llllll \'|\'r\

l/\ (AllSA .t ill'llllltlllt‘

ilt'tllllll‘lll.|l\ about the l‘ttttt'tl

l.itrris\rrrkets onion and their eliotts to oigarii/e the lt'lltlrt' vlrttktts

iii the \ottthylest llll' Itlitt also houses on 1 «war l ltaie/ .rtrrl him he

I- leading the l'l W struggle against .tirtt littsiitess the latiti lititeatt

.tttd .irrttlattttlsotkr-is legislation

lltc ltltit .tlsrt tltscttsst's lltr‘

lllllllllldlltt' ol tltc national lettuce bot kllll

lhctc is ttrt .rrlititssioti rhatge httt donations “ill be itcsl‘llll'tl
leallets aliottt the letttne boyrott .ritd the Albany I-tietids ol the
l'tlllllWlttlsL'lb Will be available lot itilottnattoti call ltlrtt) Sill.)

'l'lie Itltti Will be shown at l'lie Rensselaet Newtttait l'otitidaltoti's
Chapel and (‘ultttral ('etiter llotrlett Avenue lro)’ Ilecerithct It) .it

.l llth iit

NPOSTS T0 INNER SPACE

take LSD (in experiments. They kept increasing the dosage in an
effort to find the ultimate limit. but they never did find a dosage
large enough to unhinge Hunter. So they any), and the lyrics paint
the most gorgeous dope dream captured since Coleridge ventured off
to Xanadu. The band hitches into the music and starts flying-Garniﬂ
and Weir trading off intense yet mellow lends. bassist Phil Leah and
pianist Keith Godchaux playing tag up and down the scales while
drummer Bill Kreutzmann provides the rhythmic drive, and organist

Ron McKernan carefully covering whatever “holes” mightuppear in

the music with well-placed organ swells. It's the Grateful Dead at

their peak— Weir's great. rhythmic pulses and Jerry's cascading
guttar runs. as pure and clean as a waterfall fronting music that
manages to be incredibly exciting and incredibly relaxed at the same

time. This shimmering peak slides smoothly into the traditional I

Know You Itirlr-r. tr superb vehicle for some more deeply felt singling

and ﬂash guitar runs by Jerry, plus old-fashioned, tight-ns-a-button
harmonizing with Bob and Phil to close out a segment that alone
would be wortlt the price of the full set.

The second record builds on the music of the first and lays down
some new strains. lirownvlt‘yed Women and Tennessee Jed are
countrifit-(i excursions into Americana. and although the latter has
its charms. it's the former that’s really memorable: a lovely melody
framing a truly poignant tale oflifc and death in the American West
during the “20's & ‘iiO's. l’m basically a New York City person at
heart. and l'm not terribly susceptible to the all-too-often hokey
rtlnttrllf‘lsm of the “Western.” but this song actually brought a tear
to my eye. arid made me feel. in a very personal kind of way.
something that is Very removed from my owrt frame of experience.
It gives another perspective on what the Dead iisr all about, and
they‘ve survived and prospered during a period when most of their
compatriots Were burning themselves out~they actually like this
country. warts and all. They've a great feel—lyrically and musically-*
tor many of the less understood nuances of the American
experience. for the striving. for the pain and the struggles. for the
physical luslt‘ of that reality. and for the transcendental belief that
made the suffering worthwhile.

How much of this was understood by the European audiences
liet'ort- whom it was played 1 don't know—the engineering of these
records tit-liberally minimizes the audience response. it can't though,
totally I‘llilllllillr‘ tlit- frenzied response that Sugar Magnolia received
at the Olympia Theater in Paris. Bobby's singing on this tribute to
his long time larly really rings out up-front while the band boogies
and smokes like hell behind him. and the audience response defeated
all electronic attempts to filter it. Equally well-receivad were
l’rgpen's songs. two of which are included here; the clunsic Elmore
James blues. 1/ Hints Me Trio. and Pig’s funny-nasty tribute to
lawriot'rlr-r. .'llr. ('Iirrrltt'

Won't even take your life
won't even take your limbs
.lus-t unload myshotgun
and take a little skin
Searehin high [searchin low
(ionittr track you down and shoot you
Mr. Charlie told me so!
ll'Warnr-r Bros. is reading this. please take note:
.lll’. t'ltrrrlte could make a jlt‘ll‘dltttdy single.

And last. but by no means least. this record includes the
long-waited waxing ol' [fumble ()ti Rose. 1 usually catch the Dead in
the irietropolitiin New York area. and these lines llBVL'l’ lail to bring ll
roar of approval from the audiences:

Just like New York City
Just like Jericho
l’ar-e the Halls and climb the walls
and get out when they blow!

The last record is taken up with a long, flowing stretch of music
tlitrt begins as the single ’I‘rur-ktrt', moves into a freewheeling
exploration of rhythm. riffs, tone: and spaces that get: pretty fu-

 

  

 

t

out, and finally returns to Earth with a Itrong. moving rendition of
Tim Rose's Morning Dew. Starting the inevitable fliﬂtt into outer
space with the mundane (in the literal sense) long of touring.
’I‘ruchr‘n', is the sort of irony the Dead love. This particular monater
jam (which is included on the credits as being the last half of

Truckt'n' and two pieces “titled” Epilog and Prelude respectively.
The titling was a formality undertaken for copyright purposes only.)
doesn’t quite reach the Dark Star (although the Dark Star motif runs
through it. as does the motif of That's It For the Other One. another
of their acid anthems). but I get the feeling that they weren't trying
to that night. and anyway they already captured that once on
record. This excursion stands on its own merits quite well. and it
gives newcomer Keith a chance to demonstrate to the record-buying
public (concert-goers already know) that he can hang in there with
Jerry and bassist Phil Lesh with the heavy stuff. Leave it to the Dead
to stumble on a pianist who's equally at home playing Little
Richard. Chick Coreu, and Lukas Foss.

I think I’ve heard them go further, and further in concert. an
many of those who have seen them recently may agree. but that is
partly a function of set and setting. The Dead do lvo-n-g
concerts...three hours at the least. usually four. often five. and
sometimes even six_...und this is the kind of music that they get into
in the early hours of the morning. By that time a very special blend
of exhaustion. intoxication. and collective euphoria has but both the
musicians’ and the listeners' heads in places they aren't likely to get
to too often under other circumstances. so try to listen to this with
that in mind.

One canned deﬁnition of certain kinds of art is “emotion
recollected in tranquility." That definition comes to life with a piece
like Morning Dew. It takes a special kind of strength to-project this
song properly. and a great deal of control to keep the feeling from
collapsing into muwkiuhness. That the Dead have grown admirably
well into both of these qualities is something they demonstrate
brilliantly with their treatment of this song. It balances the rest of
the trip—nostalgia. love. feeling good. getting high—with the somber
reality that we are the people with the chance to bloww all of it, for
all time (at least for our own species).

Jerry says that the Dead try to be signposts to inner space. That
they are. They can be misread. tmd atone time or another have been
from every conceivable angle. from the Bureau of Narcotics to the
Public Safety Commissioner of nearby Suratoga (who worked behind
the scenes to cancel their scheduled appearance there last full) to
Yale’s Charles Reich, and they've misread themselves more than
once (and they know it), but that's not what’s important. They’ve
fused their diverse talents and abilities into a living, breathing whole
that far exceeds the sum of its part. and they keep growing, keep
changing. They’ve learned to do one of the things we most badly
need to do. but don't know how to do-work together. Together.
without losing individuality. without sacriﬁcing intelligence, without
resorting to hierarchy. and without failing to achieve the goal. The
sixties were long on the Rhetoric’ of that kind of
togetherness...almost as long as they were on the failure of even the
most. simple arid elementary kinds of cooperation. More than
anything else—more than the fashion revivals. more than the cooling
out of emotions. more even than the return of Nixon— the key
element. in the iniasma of deja vu. of the feeling that we’re living in a
re-run ol' the Fifties, that permeates much of our culture is a legacy
of that failure.

'I‘Iiut's' whrit [Easy Rider was all about; We blew it. and Peter Fonda
knew that the way rill sensitive artists catch on to social
realityvintuitively~ back in ‘69, when the movie was being made
and the artificial euphoria was still peaking. Somehow. the Dead
didn't; they might have come close a few times, but. they didn't.
They've stayed together; they've stayed high (in the existential
sense); they’re still getting there. and along the way they’ve made u
lot of people ltigh...and happy. If you’ve heard the Dead. you know
that already; if not. these records are as good a place as any to start
ﬁnding out.

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1972

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

     

PAGE 9A

