  
    
   
   
   
 
   
   

 
  

 

   
  
  

 
 

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

 
   
 
 
   
  

 

 

 

’ by Howard Bernstein
Albany State now has an Ama-

, teur Radio Station. Most people

do nothave the faintest notion of

_ what Amateur or ham radio as It '
r is sometimescalled stands for or

accomplishes. Basically “hams”
are radio operators who have de-
monstrated their electronic ability
and proﬁcient knowledge of
morse code to the Federal Com-
munications Commission. In re-_
turn for this the F.C.C. gives the
ham a license with priviledges to
communicate with any person or
country in the world according to
the rules and regulations of the
United States government.

ham is allowed to own and
operate a powerful transmitter,
receiver and antenna that will
permit him to communicate
across the oceans, over the poles
and to far off places that the
average person will never see in his
lifetime. The Albany State club
and station transmits from the
penthouse of Livingston Tower.
One of our antennas is visable
0" the top of Livingston Tower.
This antenna is capable of turning
by motor in a 360 degree circle to

       

increase its effectiveneis in any
particular direction desired. it is
approximately 260 feet high
which acco ing to radio princi-
, pies, gives our club excellent trans-
mitting and receiving potential.

-Facing Washington Avenue we

have 2 other rotateable antennas
that are analagous to the type of
communication used by FM.
radio stations. The tall poles in
each corner of the roof are not
lightning rods. Wires are strung in
between these poles that act like
antennas.

The Albany Hams have been
transmitting since April 9, this
semester, and have had consider-
able contacts with places like Eng-
land, Germany, Italy. Lenningrad,
Moscow, Yugoslavia, Angola Afri-
ca, California, Japan, Chile, Brazil,
Venezuela, Costa Rica, Mexico
City, etc. Many club members and

friends have witnessed
these and have talked to foreign
places along with the main operat-
ors.

Besides the entertainment as-
pects of radio, the Albany hams
will provide service to the Civil
Defense organization here in Al-
bany, and most important, will

in: "Come '

Alive
give service to the university com-
munity. The hams have an-

nounced that they are willing to
contact relatives, parents, and
friends for any student anywhere
in the world and let the student
talk to them for the cost of a local »
e club

phone call. To inaugurate
and radio station, much d tape
had to be “cut.” Many people

gave their time and effort, most
Robert Fairbanks of

notably;
Housing, John Buckof'f of Plant,
Engineer Herb Orth, the people
on Colonial-Jack Talmage. Super
viaing Custodian, Howard Wood-
ruff, and Judy Lewis of residence.

of the faculty-Dr. Reynolds in
the physics department and Bob
Raffaeld friend and lab assistant.

In the Student Activities office
Gary. Jones. Also not to mention
Eric Joss of finance committee
Eng Bob Cole the comptroller of

The entire University Communi-
ty is invited to participate, watch,
Join the club, use its services,
practice-languages or communi-
cate with other colleges. They are
urged to contact Howard Bern-
stein at 457-8753 or call the
station at 457-8068.

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  

      
     
    
    
    
    
     
     
    
     
    
    
    
    
     
 

dlshsw

William W. Haynes

 

Amocoq, gasolines.

 

If you count on your car for lots of
good times, why not give it the best
care you can? One way is using

Not only does Lead-Free Arroco
help cut down on air pollution, but
tests prove that Amoco can double
the life of your muffler and tail pipe
compared to fully loaded gasolines;
spark plugs last longer, too.

and YOU Let lt.ru

And in college mileage rallies, and
over a thousand mileage tests,
Amoco Super-Premium got better
mileage than other premiums.
When you've got a lot of money in
your car, and you count on If for lots
oflgood times, take good care of it...
With Amoco gasolines.

You expect more from American

«are?

t 

 

 

William Warren Haynes, dean of
the School of Business SUNYA.
died on April 18, 1972. Iluynt-s.
former chairman of thc illil'l"
national Teachers Program, Ilnr
vard Graduate School of Bllslllr‘ss
Administration, was uppoinlt-tl I>_\
the State University of New York
trustees on December iii, 1mm

Haynes received his C(luculion .iI
the University of California [A ii I
and at Harvard Business School
He has taught at Ohio Ulll\’l'l’\ll\
the University of Kcnturkv. Hu-
University of California ill iii-ii.
lay, and Harvard Business Svhimi
where he wus director of th.
School’s division of illll'r‘nullinml
activities.

A member of Phi Bi‘til Knuth
and the American Economn- .~\~
sociution, Haynes was it i"llii)l‘li"lll
Scholar in 1950-51, and lu-ltl .1
Ford Foundation Grunt, 1950 {.7
He published several dozen books,
monographs, articles, and L‘ilﬁl‘h in
his field.

On April 19, President Bcnvzi-t
said, “The loss of Dunn Wnrrcn
Haynes is a personal blow to all of
us who knew him for the splint»
did. man he was and the luyul
dedication he gave in such dugri'i-
to the University. In his bricfspnn

of three years, Dean Hnynes intro
duced u dynamic program in iiil'
School of Business. It was of sin-h
quality that we shall gain purmrr
nently from his having been Iii-rc.
The family requests thnl. in “('11

of ﬂowers uny contributions ln-
made to the Warren Hnyncs Mu
moriul Fund, proceeds of which
will be used for collections in lhf'
University Library. Such coniri~
butions should be sent to lill‘
SUNYA Foundation in care of lilo
ofﬁce of Vice President iA'WIs
Welch.

State University at Albuny will
dedicute the lust of its four rr-st
dence quadranglcs, lndian Quntl.
Friday, April 21. In addition to
the traditional simulutud corner-
stone-laying and dedication din-
ner. there will be an Indian corn
mony in the Flag Room, th-rt-
lndlan artwork Is on display. ’I‘lu-
schodule culls for Curticrstom'
placement at 4:30 PM, dinnct'
from 4:306:80, and the Indian
ceremony and reception at 7 I’M.
Several Indian dishes will he on
the dinner menu.

Participating In the curutnony
will be Tom ’l‘wo~Arruwa. “1"
Indian artist who prupurnd the
authentic designs on the skins
mounted in the Flag Room. He
will be joined by several friunds
from his Onondaga and neighbor-
ing tribes, who will present songs.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1972

 

 

   

mounting pressure from students tent
demanding the right to vote in the

to vote in their college communi- South.
ties. This would not entail, a sys-
tem of elaborate proof of resi-

Io the left is Assemblyman Cooperman
To the right is Senator Jack Bronston

Students feel that the election
local election districts containing hm u they read now "a “neon.
their college communitiea.Twen- “national and ducﬂmimto'y .-
ty-seven states have already ruled “in” those who want to deems
by court order mat “udem‘ my for themselves their voting resi-
not be blocked from voting in dencm The students are any,“
college towns because of their that nonitudenu m not mm“,
student status. New York State Ed 0,, made w undergo this type
has take“ meaningful “em in e" of harrassment which some com-
tablishing legislation that would pare m the voting restrictions
give the rights to students wishing placed on the black man in the

The basic contention of many

- k
Push for Student Vole ' Conmasl'ly
_ by Duval Snowdan . ‘
All over the country, there is dance; only “requh‘mint ofﬂim
II

local residch is that if students
are allowed to vote, they could
take over electing a municipality’s
mayor or appoint other city of-
ficials. Students could also raise
taxes or float bond issues that
they would not be around to pay
off later, after they leave their
colleges and universities.

Towns and counties are protract-
ed by the current election laws,
which force students to return
home on election day in order to
vote. The other alternative is to
use the absentee ballot which is
often a path of ridiculous compli-
cation. But now, students have
challenged the law saying that
they pay local sales taxes and
their rents reﬂect local property
taxes and so they should vote in
local elections.

There are two major factors
emerging in opposition to the
measure. First, the bills, which are
being sponsored by Democrats,
are both currently in each House‘s
respective Judiciary Committees.
The Judiciary Committee in the
Senate and the Assembly are both
headed by Republicans. There-
fore, if the bills $9380 and
A11,145 cannot get by the pre-
dominutc powers in committee,
the bills will die there because the
‘72 Session is not a carryover

ear.

Secondly, if the bills are brought
onto the floor for it proper hear-
ing, they will be considered party
bills. The party to which the bills
will owe their prosper is the Dem-
ocrutic, which is in the minority.

And so the Committee for u
Meaningful Student Vote is asking
all students to become active and
urge the Judiciary Committee to
report out your bill 89380.

  
    
       
   
    
    
            

' before the weekend at the Boricua' Weekend Office in Schuyler Hall,

P.R.O.l.E. Regime on Today

Political Prisoners, will be taking place on‘April 21, 22; 23.;‘1‘he
weekend's purpose is to provide a rich cultural, political, educational

daocialex rience.
,mRegistratlonmwlll be 05.00 for 8.U.N.Y.A. students and $6.00 for
non-8.U.N.Y.A. students. S.U.N.Y.A. students are asked 'to register

Dutch Quad which will be open 3 to 9 weekdays and during weekends
from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. '
The schedule is as follows:
Friday:
7 :00 p.m.-Ramon Colon and his group—PAC [candle lab; 7:45

Borlclﬂ Weekend, which will ad dedicated ,to..the Puerto Rican '

 

p.m.—Ebony Singers—PAC studio lab; 8:00 p.m.-
(trio)-PAC studio lab; 9:00 p.m.—Alma y Movimiento Dance
troupe—PAC studio lab: 11:00 p.m.—Dance with Latin Power-
Brubacher.
Saturda 2
2:00 ’p.m.—Edwin Reyes (poet and literary critic)-LC 1; 3:00
p.m.—Julio Muriente (president of F.U.P.i.)—LC 1; 4:00 p.m.—
Preludio (ﬁlm)—LC 1; 7:30 p.m.—Slides on Political Prisoners—PAC
studio lab; 8:00 p.m.—Super Grupo de teatro (direct from Puerto
nicer-PAC studio lab; 10:00 p.m.—Burundi African Dance Co.—
Brubacher; 11:00 p.m.—Dance with Ralfi Pagan—Brubacher.
unda 2
s10:0)0 a.m.—Discuasion on the issue of political prisoners—to be
announced: 2:00 p.m.-Festival Patriotico featuring Pepe y Flora,
Andres, El Topo and Frank Ferrer y Puerto Rico 2,010—PAC mam

 

theatre.

 

 

Classics Offers Greek Studies.

The Department of Classics has announced another new course in
the classical civilization program. The new course, CLC 300, will be
offered by Professor Barnard for the first time in the fall of 1972,
'I'T‘h at 12:45. The title of the new course will be “The Greeks and
Their Neighbors." The course will differ from a conventional ancient
history course in that all or most. of the required readings will be from
paper-buck translations of the ancient authors themselvrs. The live
authors studied will be Herodotus, the historian of the Persian Wars,
’T‘hucydides, the historian of the war between Athens and Sparta,
Xenophon, the chronicler of the relations between Greece and the
East after this war, including his own adventures as a soldier in Persia,
Arriim, who wrote a life of Alexander the Great based on the memiors
of Alexander's own followers, anti Polybius, who recorded the
rclutions of the Greek world with the rising Roman Empire.
Consideration will be gchn to the literary styles of these authors and
to outside evidence which hours upon the truthfulness or bias of their
nurrntives. Moreover, special attention will be paid to the Greek
perceptions of and relations with other ancient peoples such as the
Egyptians, the Persians at different periods, the Scythians and other
nomadic peoples, and the young nation of Rome. There are no formal
prerequisites and, although any of the existing courses in classical
civilization, classical archaeology, and ancient history would provide
useful background, this new course may serve us a first experience in
the classics, especially for history or anthropology majors.

 

Parents ’ Weekend

 

—J——J Friday April 21 L—

Anne of a Thousand Days-
LC 7 7 & 10 pm

Two Women-
LC 25 7 & 10 pm

Concert- folksinger
CC Ballroom 9 pm

Coffee House Circuit-

CC .
Cafeteria
Crime, Criminology, &

ldeology- lecture-

PAC Main Theater 8 pm
Student Art Exhibition-

Art Gallery 7-10 pm

(Observation. 3 magazine of
visual arts, will be available)

 

 

 

 

Residence Quad Reception-
Quad Flagrooms 10-12 am
State Fair ’72-
CC Mall llam - 4 pm

Athletic Events-
SUNYA Athletic Fields 1pm
Concert Sculpture-Light Show-

PAC Main Theater 8:30 pm
Carillon Concert- 4 pm
Student Art Exhibition-

Art Gallery 10am - 5 pm
Anne of a Thousand Days-

LC 7 7 8. 10 um
Superstar-

SUNYA Gym 9 pm

Pizza Party and the
Old Wazoo Goodiime Band-

IQ IL.qu _
_J—J Sat. April zle— _J———Jsim April 23 1—

Parent’s Weekend Breakfast
Reception- CC Ballroom

9:30 am
with two guest speakers

Student Art Exhibition-
Art Galery 1 - 5pm

INVITE YOUR PARENTS TO
COME SEE US IN ACTION!

Questions?
Call Liz 7-7711 or Diane 7-5234

funded by student tax

 

 

CC Cafeteria 9:30- 1:30am

 

 

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 21,1972

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

. «Kiskﬁzﬁ

 

 

 

PAGE 7

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

, 

