   

  

 

 

{)lllll'l': My my Iliaullllcll‘

Peter Weiss’ unforgettable Marat/Sade
opens Wednesday, October 18, in the Main
Theatre of the Performing Arts Center.
Marat/Sade is State University’s first major
production this season. The work features
Joe Alaskey and Ron Vawter in the title
roles, with cast of over 41 people, including
Sandy Hallfors and Jon Guttman. Marat/
Sade begins what promises to be a banner
year for State University Theatre.

Weiss’ study of revolution in its macabre,
yet wholly engrossing setting has received
much praise wherever it has been produced.
It was given the New York Drama Critic's
Circle Award when it opened on Broadway.
Marat/Sade might be termed a philosophical
spectacle. It is an in—depth study of the
phenomenon of revolution which UIIIIZGS the
media of theatre, music, drama, mime, Visual
power and setting to the utmost.

The basis for the "event" is the assassnia
tion of one of the most controversial lire
brands of tne French Revolution, Jean Paul
Marat (Ron Vawter). The assassnn is a
dissatisfied and wronged patriotess, Char
lotte Corday (Sandra Halllois). The pic
seiitation is brought together by the Maltlltl‘i
De Sade (played by Joe Alaskey), With the
full approval of the director of the Asylum
of Charenton, Couliniei (Bot) Hebert). IIll.’
players are all inmates of the asylum, and
the excitement of the snow Is brought to
bare when the conflict between the Marquis»
and "Marat" begins.

Rehearsals have been in progress since
almost the beginning of the semester, and
thanks to the multi-level settings of Robert

 

 

 

I’AGE EIGHT

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13,

1972 ALBANY li'l'l

 

   

   

 

view/commen t/pre view/comment/p‘ 

jack anderson

Washington Meny—Go—Round

The Nixon Plan

President Nixon intends not
only to win the November elec-
tion but to keep the Republican
party in power for the next 20
years. The President has adopted
a methodical, four-strategy plan
to broaden the party's base and
to make the GOP the majority
party in America, Here are his
four strategies:

*Southern strategy»’1"o break
the Democratic party's hold on
the South, Nixon began playing
Southern politics in 1968. He
promised a Supreme Court more
sympathetic to the South and
tried unsuccessfully to appoint a
southerner to the first Supreme
(Yourt vacancy. The President
also slowed down the rush to
integrate the schools and came
out against busing.

wCatholic stratcgy The Pros-
idcnt has courted (.‘atliolics as'
siduously by opposing abortion
and favoring federal aid to par-
ochial schools. This is expected
to cut into the traditional Dcmo»
cratic vol in Catholic parishes.

-Jewish strategy*Nixon has
taken a strong pro-Isriii-I stand,
which is Winning Jewish votes
away from the Dcmocralic par-
ty.

' Labor strategy The Presi-
dent intervened to prevent the
GOP from adopting its custom-
ury anti-labor platform. III» also
arranged to bc at the golf course
at thc right time to join AFL-
-CIU chief Georgi: Mcany for a
round of golf. Afterward, the
two men talkcd privately for
more than an hour 'I‘Iii-ri-al'li-r,
Mi-iniy used his personal iiil'lii
once to Ir) Ill slop individual
unions from i-iiilorsing (ii-iiigi-
Mi-liiiVi-rn

ron hendren

Nixon‘s '76 Strategy

White House aides tell us that
President Nixon will not appoint
Spiro Agnew as his successor in
1976 if the President is re—
elected this fall. The Prcsidcnt,
say our sources, wants a wide
open Republican convention in
1976.

With this in mind, the Presi-
dent intends to give national
exposure to several presidential
prospects. including New York's
Gov, Nelson Rockefeller, cx-
Treasury Secretary John Coiinal-
ly, cost~of—|iving czar Donald
Itumsfcld and United Nations
ambassador (leorgc Bush.

The President is not likely to
embracc libi-ral Illinois Senator
Chuck I‘i-rcy. But even if a Pi-i'cy
bandwagon begins to pick up
steam, the President is (‘Xllt‘l'll'tI
to remain above an election
l'ight.

POLITICAL I’O'I'I’OURRI

(icorgi- McGovern has i'i-chVI-il
mori- lip service than campaign
funds from the unions that have
endorsed him. The labor i-oni
mini-e, which is trying to raisc
money for McGovern, has col
Il’CU'II only $125,000 so far
Security around lIii- President is
so tight that thc Si-cri-t St‘ﬂ‘lt't‘
now routinely excludes all casu
ally dressed, long-haired young
people Whenever the I’ri-sidi-iit
make an appearance in public.
The Secret Schice says it is
purging IIII' Iongrhairs to protect
the President, but the aclion also
insuri-s that thc I’rl'bldlflll is free
ol IIlt‘ young protectors who
iloggi'd his campaign In Itltih

 

I’orincr I‘ri-siiIi-nl IA’iiiIoii
Johnson is helping Illh (laughter

Young View of Washington

US May Ratify
Genocide Treaty

\i,ii ilIIl‘l \l-ill liii iii-.iitt .i
iiuiiiii III .i l'l’llllll\ iioVi lIlt‘
I'iiiiwil Stale: Scrinli- has ithllIIl'tI
t‘\l‘ll \iiliiig on i'iililit'alioii ol IIII'
I'iiitwrl Nations Iii-iiiicidc (‘oii
vi-iitioii, Illt‘ IlleH lrcaly which
jllllVltII‘h liii Illl‘ pri-i'i-iitiiiii .iiiil
piiiiishniiviil iil’ Illl‘ iiiti-iii,itiiiii.il

‘llllll- iil L’l‘IItN'IIIt'

\llhiiiigh lIII‘ I'iiiti-il Slaiiix
[IIIHIII'II Ilill'I liii IIIl‘ iiiigliiiil ll‘
.iiliiluiii .iiliipiivil llll.llllllllill\I\
|i\ Ilii- | llIlt'tI Nation» Iii'lll‘lui
;\:.-.i'iiili|\ and now litllfll‘lI |i\
.i iiiiiiiliii-s Wt' .iii' iIIhli Illt‘
iiiiisi |Htill||ll"llI I'N iiii-iiilii-i
\AIIHII hm l.ii|ivil Io .ippiiixi- IIIIR
IIl'l'l.lli1I|llll III Ilil‘ilt Iiiiiii.iii ni~

I'lii‘ Ill'.ll\ V\.i'i lii.l .llll Iii 1||I
fil'liiill' Il‘i I'ii Ill'lll ll..iii, a
Illillliill iii. iltllil Hi i‘il‘i ii Ii,i
Ii|||l IiIIIL’IllilI'li)‘ ii lII| l‘iiiiigii
I("Iilllllll. t‘iiiiiiiiiiiiw to: ,‘l
anti» liilil Ill! it‘llllliqll', |,i
llltl’il Ilii \lllllll ii. 'i.- \ mi:
tiiiii li.. ll’lIII iii..-. ’II.III it.

itlllllllll .l

Iilll .i Illllll \ Ii ". -I‘r\lIIIiII
.IIIII II' II\ Ililllll‘l .‘.i.pu in: I HIIII
vIll‘illtl‘ i'\lIlll|I liiililliiip .iiiiI
t'iiliiiiihin l'iiiirioli Liv. IHIIII‘N
-.iii Iliiliaiil ti.iiilni-i «.iiiiiigli .iI
Iilt'Itt‘II IIlI‘ oiganimliiiii a long
standing opposition Ill IIH' liiui
I} That .ITIII'II', l‘tIllIlIl’tI Willi
It'lll‘Wl‘Il niippiiil liii iiililiciitioii
l'ioiii lllt‘ I‘lt'hllII‘III dill. llii- l'I

lullh ol a In llillllnitll gioiip ol

FRIDAY, OC'I'OiiI‘llt Ii’),

iiil'liii-iilial ‘it'llllllll\ (led by -I.i
\llx, I'ltIXlllIlt‘. t'liiii'i'h and
Hi'iitl ), has liltM‘tI cautions hopcs
iliiit iliu llllllll'r iniglii Ill'
Iii-iiiglil lo .i \‘lll" Illl\ Vi~:ii

Not ioiiil IIII' : lHI iii \‘liiilil W.”
Il tIIlI llll iiili'iii.iliiiii.il ciiiiiiiniii
II\ lIl‘slll\l‘I III" III” linumiiiiv til
ilipi.i'.ilt V\Il|lll l|IIl'II IIII' iiiiinl
III IIlllll and lb" ill‘IllIllh ‘lI Ill‘i
Nan lltﬁlllll‘ Wlii-ii illIll‘II limip.
iii.iiiliivtl into liviiiiiiny .iiiil llic
VilllIII tlllIIII llll loiigi-i igiiuir llii-
Nn/iu llll'IIllIlIltill llIIl‘llllil Iii
ill-slimy an l‘llIlll‘ pciipli- ‘itlli
Il'lll liii :i )ﬂt'llllllllt‘ lint! liii lIii-
Iii.i llllll‘ ~.iiliili|icil Wlllllll Il||‘
iiii- iii.itiiiii;il t‘lillllllllllll\

\lihiiiiizh Illl‘lt‘ h.i:i Ill'\‘l‘l )t'

Illll' l! ’illll‘t' I‘l't‘ll .i llllllt' ‘ill
Ill‘lllli-i Ill llillllll' «llllI ‘11! llll‘tilll
[HI III II lIlIl iii lIlIllt'll‘iltill'i .i-i Illl‘

iI.IIl|'lllIl III IIll' chu lll'\'|'lllll'

i. , ii i 1 III iii-inn iii ll.oii',|.nti~-.li
on] I )Hxll'fil huts |li.i| gc'iiuiiili-
Il'lllillll -I|I IIIII IIl.iIl'lIl-II pitiI.
l: in 'II -.1 Illlll’i lIllllt'llillvll .\Illl

im on IIIIII'IIIWIiIII”. iii (Ill-Illillt
ignoring ii ii-.piiii..tiilii\ |<i |IHII
IIIl Il\II|/I‘tI wiiilil Ill i,.IiI\iiig
Ihv Kt'lllllltit' Ill'.il\ i..i.i . Illll'»
Illilli liiilli Ilt'll' ilIItI .itiiii,iil
.ilioiil 'i|ll lullllllllllll'lll Iii IHI
lllilli )iislili .il its lllllnI piiiii.ii\

Il‘vt‘i

'lliiiiic tIUIIIDIl), Willt'Il liiivr liii
gi-iiril iiiiw liii llt'lllly Lib yum.
hlllllllll It'll be pi-iinilli-il lii l'Ull
Illltll’ .iiiy Iiingci

I972

Lynda Bird set up housekeeping
in Senator Ted Kennedy‘s
fashionable neighborhood over-
looking the Potomac. Lynda
Bird and her husband, Charles
Robb, have signed a preliminary
purchase agreement to buy a
four-acre site on the Potomac.
The land alone will cost over
$200,000,...The McGovern cam—
paign will generate $13 million
by the most massive direct mail
appeal chr made in presidential
politics.
AROUND THE US.

Lest We Forget President Nix-
on told visitors privately the
other day that he was distrcssod
ichr the I'I"I‘ and Watergate scan»
dais, but that he didn't think
they would hurt him on election
day. They Were too complicated,
he said, for the public to undcr-
stand. The President also com~
merited that the public's nit-m
ory on government scandals was
short. He suggested that the vol-
crs liavc already forgotten, for
cxamplc, what the I'I"I‘ scandal
was all about.

FBI lli-liiiffcd - Actor Marlon
llrando has ordered his lawycr to
take li-giil action, if necessary, to
stop thc I"I$I from snooping into
his privati- affairs lirando has
never committcd any crimi-s nor
supportcd any subvcrsivc t‘iiuscs,
but the I’lil litillt'lllt'lt'sh has kept
a file on him I"or somc iiii
known reason, lhc I"III has spcnl
more tllnl' invostigiiting Brando,
thi- inovn‘ godfathi-r, than many
real lit'i- goill’atlii-rs

I‘tlw Gimmicks I’()W Wives
ari- complaining to us that rock
conccrl pronioli-rs, door to door
solicitors and won ci-mctcry
llWIH‘I’h are trying to usi- I.Ill'
Wives In liiic their own pockets
'I'Iic standard gimmick lh to ad
i'crlisi' that LIlt' ciitcrprisc l’ca
tiiriiig thi- WlVl‘h will hpr the
POW i'ausi- although l'rcipicntly
till‘ promoters kl‘t p most, it not
:ill, l.lii- profilh

women's forum

A Journal

by Rhea Garfinkle

I‘ve written personal journals
before but this one is going to be
somewhat unique, and much
more important. I am beginning
a recording of my feelings on
being a woman. It is both excit-
ing, and scary at the same time.
Exciting—yes~because I‘m be—
ginning to discover myself and
my varied potential strengths
that have been lying Intent for
too many years. Scared—yeah—-
I'm scared because I have a lot
of things to clean up. Just IN"
cause I think I recognize my
oppression as a woman does not
int-an that I have fret-d myself of
it. It is just the first of many
painful, sclf-awakcning steps. I
know that my “garden nci-ds to
bc cultivated."

I've already (Icciilcd how I
want to handle writing this )Utlr'
nail. It isn't going to he an
Ill)tll7*IJ.V‘I1l)|Jr rccollcction of all
events in my day, and then
rclating tlicm to how they affect
my living a woman. The i-vcnls
won't even I)I’ mi-nliiiiii-il on Iht’
whole, but just llic meaning I)!“
hind llictn which can lii- ri-lziti-d
to other situations III-ri-'.~. ii for
instance I still haVi- a problem
when it comes. to other women.
I'vc coinc a long way from the
stage of l‘i-i-ling that cvcry new
woman I mccl is a piiti-nlial
competitor, or lhrciil to my .50
curity. Ilul I still do haw a
problem concerning trust, really
Irusling anil lwlicviiig that liii-ri-
are no I|l(I(Il'l1 inotivt-s lichind a
simplc frii-iidship 'I‘hin ii. onc iil
Illt‘ most important goalii lIlIlI I
haw- si-l up. Because before any
rci'lil'yiiig of “W woman's post
tioii in socicly can be done, wr-
hiivc lo likc and icspcm i-ach
ollicr no mallcr what stage of
consciousness each other is at A
sister 11'. a \IbIl'r wlii-ther hIll‘ is
llll‘ like of Gloria Steinem or the
like of llclcn (iurli-y Ilrown
That is an cxlri-incly important
aspi-cl liir me lo l‘l‘nll‘llllll‘i and

practice. I don't care if some-
time in the future my best friend
believes in eternal servitude to
man-she still is a sister and she
still needs my support in certain
aspects (and my constant en-
couragement for her to develop
a new awareness towards hEr
situation).

Women also have to recognize
their need to become involved in
a struggle concerning every
phase of their lives which in-
cludes intellectual, emotional,
social, economic, and political
knowledge. Of course, depend-
ing upon the person. a greater
emphasis can he placed upon
one part more than the other. A
general overall awareness,
though, of each field should be
understood and practiced in our
IIVl’h, 'I‘hal's a key word that I
haw to ri-mi-mbcrﬂ"practicc.“
So many people are filled with
rhetoric and spout theories all
ilay long and can quote the
Words of any author. But—when
it comes to internalizing those
coiiccpts and really practicing
the philosophy in their daily
IIVl‘n mlch!

'I'hc prolilcm is especially n-
niquc whi-n it iiivoli't-s onc's
pcrsonul relations. I, for one,
IllIVI' llt'l'll ll hypocriti- too many
llnll'h iii my relationships with
"1(‘n. I have let myself knowing
Iy he used and exploitedmmy
body and mind. It Is a hard thing
for me to admit but it is also too
iilivnius to be ignored. Emotion-
ilIl‘illl, on my part nccds to be
lIl‘l‘l‘t'uht‘II. and the rcalitics of
thc ~.ituation hich II) he i-nipha»
'il/J‘tI, IllIl‘l'llllII/J‘tI and practiced.

So IIlitl a about II This is the
lust of liiipctully iiiaii\ pages of
thoughts and i'oniinciits about
lllt' ii Wllllli’lll and the pcopli-
and lllhllltllltlllh NIII'I'tIIIIIIIIllL‘, inc.
1 guns.» 1‘” liiivc angry moments.
illlllllllhllt' monu-nls, and exas-
pi-ratcil momi-nls IHII that's
UK Just as long as I constantly
kl'l‘l) iii touch Willi my surround-
ings and continually question
lliciii illlII try to changc tlti-m.

Advertising in Election Year ’72

hi Jcl'lrcy Rodch

A-i th‘ .ippi'oiii'li IIlt‘ Niivmtilici
'i'ili I'lIt‘t'lllIIl Day, the :iiIVi-rtisiiig
lhiil IIlt' l’ri-stdciilial ciilidiiliilcs
iii'c using lh ilcl'initi'ly iiii'ri'aslng
iii iiitciiail\

’ii~.iilciil Nixon's iidvcrlisiiig
l‘IIllI! I‘ bring \lltlllhtlll'lI by two
iiig.iiii/.iliiiii:. Willi lwu Vt‘l\’ lIlI
It‘l|'l)l iii4'~.s.igi-h 'I‘hii .iilvcitisi-
llll‘lllh sponsored liy IIII' t‘oiii
iiiiltim lii I(t‘(‘Il‘I‘I llic I'll'fmlllt'lll
ttilH‘l‘IlIlilIt' oii Nixon‘s lt‘l‘lll‘l
iivi-i lIlI' past loui yt'lll’h thl iit
Ilic .lII\ avoid any icl'l-iciii'i- Iii
lllh I)I‘Illllt‘lilIlt' oppoiii-iit Wil
Ilillll Taylor, t‘ii'iilivc I)IH'1'IUI
Illl Ilii- ittI t‘itlllpillllli, has 'ililll'li
lliiil IIII’ .llIf: .iii- “Iiii'llliil WIIII

i‘IllllIltllliII iiviviloiii-u

‘llii- sulnmi innit.” HI two III
ilii- Il'II‘LI‘iIlIll t’lllllllH'llliII‘i Illitl
i/iill II“ -|III‘lI llll'Illtll‘

I'lii' pliglil tlI iiiii l‘IlIt‘II\
llIllt‘lln "iiiii- III iiiii ltitlllIt\'
Illllhl ‘il‘lllllla piiilili-inii 'I'lii:.
tlllllllll'lt'lili lIt‘IIll'Ih Nixoii .iiiil
lllh wtlc Viiiiliiig ii IlllhlllIilI liii
IIic agcil Wlllll' llii~ voici-iivu-i
(Il'tit‘lllﬂ‘h lioW Nixoii lian gollcii
tough Willi siiliiitaiiilard niiiiiiiig
liotiii-ii loi the old "IIc trialli-
nursing Iltlllll‘ reform a ii-iilily
IIl' incri'iim-il Mit'lul M't'tlrlly lii-ii
I’fIIh bl’i: hIIll'll 1000. "

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

In iIIlUIIH'l l‘lllIIHll'l’l'IilI, thi-
voice over (Il'hl'rIIN'h how "In his
low Vt'illh iii oIIii'c, Ilii'hiii'd
Nixon has Vlhllt'll six i'onltliciils
illltI l’i’ t‘tillllllll‘n ” Whili- Nix
oii's iiiaior Vltillh are living in
i'iiiinlcil, all you \IW is lIiI vaii
iiiis page.» III his. passport Willi it.»

liiiiiiy Visas

I)(‘Illlit'lill.'\ IUI Nixon lii~.i4Ii-rl
Iiy Itilllll‘l 'I'iiuisiiiy Hi-i-ii-tai)
John ('iiiiiially is lhc other in
g.iiii/.liiiii spiiiimn'liig illlh Iiir Nix
on s ll‘l'It't‘Iltlll 'I'Iii-sc lllfh ac
iiiiiliiig Ill 'I'ayloi "aic mori-
iiiiiipi.lilivi-" than .ic othi-i
spots, liiichci', they me not
"nasty, iiii|.iii, or untriii- "

'I‘liir “Mellow-iii 'l'niiiaiouiiil”
-.piit i:. one III about 230 chc
Vllilllll .iiln Iii-iiig .iiri-il Il‘,’ ('iiiiiinl
Iy's gioiip This all opt-iii. Willi .i
i'iiloi pii'luri' (II Hi'iiiitoi Mi-
Iillt‘l‘lll 'I'lii- voii-i-ovt-i nIiIIIh,
"Iii l‘Jti'I Hi-n (ii'iiigi- Mi-(iiivciii
maul lic was not an alIViirnli- ol
UHIIIIII'IdI Williiliawl o1 oiii
Illl4l|)h liiiin Vll‘lllillll Now “I
ttllllhl', Ill‘ 1:: H Al this point, [lii-
photograph II'VtIIVt'h ri'vciiliiig oii
Illt‘ tlllll‘l hllII‘ the identical pic
liiic, but WlIII t.lii- .wnnloi 'oiili
mg in llic opposite iIii'ci'liiiii
'l'liis co-iliiiiii-n making ll‘I‘l'lI'Ill‘I‘
to IIII‘ l‘ii~rri~ Hiilingci' iiii'iili-iil,
IIH' oi'igiiiiil wull‘im- pliiii, and the
proposed 100% IllIll‘lllItHl‘l‘ hot

on amounts over $500,000. The
spot linishcs Willi the statement,
"Last _\ciir, this ycar, the (pics
[ion is what iilioul iii-xt yciir""

Aliollici spot iIi-aIs Willi Mt‘
(itH’t‘lll'H pl.iii to l'l'tIllt'l‘ military
spending In this spot, on sol
din-is, pliiiii-s iiiiil ships :irc shown
Ill‘lllu W||)I'II .iway ills IIlt‘ \’l)lt'l‘
II\’l‘l w.niia ol Hcii. Mi'tiow'rii'h
plans It closes with sccni-s of
Nixon mingling WIIIl military
|M‘ltstlllllt'l, Willi IIlt' Vlllt‘t’ saying
that tlii- I'iivsiiIi-nl "docsii'l Ill."
Iicvv Vtt‘ \IlUtlIII play gainer. Willi
oiii national .sl‘t'tlflly "

WIIlI .i Iiiigv campaign war
i-lii-si .ii Illl'll disposal, llll' Nixon
illib VHII l'l‘llilllII\ Illt'lt'ilhl‘ In
llt'lltll‘ll|\ ilh Nowiiilii-i 'i'th
lIl.in\ “1'.” This Will I)|' i-ssi'iiliiil
In his Int-lilt'll'll \‘lt'IUl \ ilh lii- has
so |.ii Illllllt‘II Illa pi-isoiial i'.iiii
paigiiing lii viii'liisivc, i-xpi-iisive
IIIIItI inning iliiiiii-is IIc him full
the Ii-g woili to his liiniily and

his t'ltIHlll'I

As is IIII' t'llhl' Willi both L'tllllll
ilali-ii, only “11‘ ncgiilch ltnllllt‘lh
iil IIII'II records “('0 cinpliuhizcd
by the opposing party. So wlicti
you go to vote on cli-t'tloli day,
liilo- a moment iiiiil di-cidt- whi-
Ihi-r you tll'l‘ voting for thc men
or Inn advertising.

PAGE NINE

 

