 

i
l
.
i
j .
i
.
i
l
l
\_
i
?

 

 

 

M the opening oflshak-‘peare's Troilua And mar-sue]-

University 11ieatre's upcoming Major Production: the siege at the
walls of My has been going on for seven years, the outcome still a
stalemate There is dimension in both camps: Agamemnon (Henry
Kulvila). the Greek commander. must continually make peace
between the impulsive and boastful Achilles (Danny Barton) and the
more sober and patient Ulysses (Bill Polchlnski); while in Troy old
King Prism (Larry Brown) must decide whether or not to surrender
the cause of the combat. the beauteoua Helen (Katharine O’Connor).
the valiant Hector (Joseph Ritter) arguing for her to be sent back. his
brother 'l‘roilus (Gordon Kupperstein) insisting that it Is a matter of
honor for her to stay. In the midst of this controversy, the lecherous
Pandarus’ wanton niece Cresslds (Melinda Donovan).All the arranging.
the arguing. the feuding, the accomodating are for naught-Shake-
speare ultimately presents us with a multilevel portrait of s civilized
world turned to ruin through the corrupting influence of war.

The SUNYA production of Troilus and Cressida, perhaps Shake-
speare’s moat somber and pessimistic work, will emphasize the
earthineas. often bawdiness of the script; there is no soaring poetry
here. Audiences at ’f‘ror'lus will see a frank. direct, often brutal
theatrical experience, under the direction of Robert Sugarman.
Besides the above mentioned. the cast includes both seasoned SUN YA
veterans and talented newcomers. William C. Doscher, noted for his
many accomplishments as both actor and director, will portray
’I‘hersitea. the “deformed and scurrilous Grecian" who acts as
Shakeapeare’a bitter mouthpiece. Also in the Grecian camp: Rich
Rose as Ajax. the hot-tempered “scurvy lord"; Ron Abel as Patroclus.
Achilles' "bitch"; Joel Lindh as Helen's lawful husband Menelaus;
Roger Moran as old Nestor; John Kearns as Diomedes. who
causesTroiius' final transformation into a man of war. In Troy:
Russell Lieblish as Paris. Helen‘s lover; Holly Fitter as the mad
Cassandra; John Dornbush as the loyal Aeneas; Margaret Dwyer as
Hectot's wife Andromache; Joe Riley as the treacherous Cslehas;and
Carol Tanzman playing Cressida’s servant Alexandra. Others in the
cast include Jaik Schubert. Alan Abbey. Bernard Ferstenbcrg. Wes
Romanski. and Joel Gross.

Troilus and Cressida will be presented in the Lab II theatre of the
PAC Wednesday through Sunday evenings. April 26-30, at 8:30 PM.
with matinees on Saturday and Sunday. April 29-30. at 2:30 PM.
Tickets are $1.00 with student tax. $2.00 without; they may be
obtainced at the PAC box Office (457-8606) 11-4 daily.

 

STUDENT PHOTOGRAPHY CONTEST

sponsored by the Alumni Association
State University of New York at Albany

In an effort to provide an outlet for student creative effort. the
Alumni Association is pleased to announce the sponsorship of a
photography contest for students which it hopes will become an
anual event.

WHO IS ELIGIBLE? All undergraduate students enrolled in the
current academic year.

WHAT IS THE DEADLINE? The date all entries are to be
submitted to the Alumni Office HAS BEEN EXTENDED to 5 pm.
Thursday. April 27. 1972.

WHAT ARE THE CATEGORIES? Black and white or color (prints
or slides). There will he an opportunity for no more than three
entries per person in each category. All entries must be mounted.

WHAT IS THE THEME? University Life—Pictures may represent
archetecturc. still life. student life and activities or related university
events. All entries must have been taken since January 1. 1971.

WHAT ARE THE PRIZES? In both categories cash prizes will be:
lat-$40. 2nd-330. Tim-$15. «uh-$10. 5th-$5. Only one cash prize
will be awarded per person.

HOW WILL THEY BE JUDGED? A panel of three professional
photographers. members of the university community. will base
their decision on the relevance to the theme. aesthetic expression.
and technical competence. No identifying marks should be evident
on photo or mounting.

Prize winning photos will become the property of the Alurrini
Association and will be printed in the alumni quarterly. The
Carillon. and used as illustrative material in the rinual production of
Student Guidelines. They will also be displayed on Almni Day. and
at other functions. All remaining materials will be returned upon

 

 

 

 

 

 

request.

APPIICATIOII

complete one for not entry
Narne f‘lm Yesr__
Addie-I Zip
Category: B/W—Color Print ___Color Slide*____. 7
When Taken Whora__._____—__.__
Camera Make Lens.
5 ll 0 "I Mr I!

Shutter Speed“. Aperture Used”... m-

 

Flirn..-._____.. _,_.._..__Fllm Speed Exposed_.,_. __  ,
Print Size__.__.- . «s-.. Mounting Board Size—M. a. w-.-

Descr‘r ’

 

 

 

 

 

 

April 26-30 at the PAC.

Traveling

It has never been recorded be-
fore either in theatre journals nor
in meteorology texts that Dra-
iriatic Performances can influence
the weather. Ycl. Traveling Stage.
repertory touring ensemble of the
Tri-Ciiics. was beginning in be-
lieve this fact had some validity. It
all starred on February 1‘) when
Traveling Stage had its premiere
performance of Williriiii A Bugle,
Willioiri A Drum at the Schenec-
iady Jewish Communin (Tciitcr.
Thai riiglrl the second major
snowrnorm of the season covered
our slrccls. Thci'caflcr. for the
following wcckciids. prccipilaiiori
fcll every night Traveling Siagc
perforated. II was uncanny and
unfortunately for the players. llic
Wcalhci' did much In IIlIIl our the

  
  
 
 

  

Exclusive
Area
Straw/rig

  
 

  

6:45 and 9:30 .

. .wr m- . .
The action at Troilur and Cresrids, "a frank, direct, often brutal (heat

in TOWN

"'"T 1 MILE NORTH OF LATHAM CIRCLE—TIT
FINAL WEEKI

FOUR SHOWS ON SUNDAY
1:15, 4:00. 6:45 and -

Stage at

audiences. The play. Without A
Bugle, Without A Drum will enjoy
a repeat engagement at Albany’s
YWCA. 55 Steuben Street. Al-
bany. on April 29 at 8:30 PM.
Tickets are $1.00 and are available
right now at the Y and or the door
the night of the performance.

The play is an original scirpi by
area playwright Bob Sugarman. II
is a work in progress. as all scripts
are at lhcir birth. and thus audi-
cnccs are treated to a slightly
diffcrcril cxpcriciicc cvcry iiinc
ilic play is performed! The script
was chosen as parl of Traveling
Slagc's i‘cpci'lory Iiccausc il pro-
vrdcd the players wilh powerfully
rcalislic characlcrs lo portray.

One of lhc founding lcricls of

Traveling Stage was dedication to

THEATRE
LATHAM
r9

  
   

 

 

 
     
  

BEST FILM
OF THE YEAR.
BEST DIRECTOR
OF THE YEAR.

sy rim
luilirx

 
     
    
 
 
     
    

Original ioundlinri ovollolilu
on will”... Iimi Heroldi

 
 
    

' .Troilus and Cressida

  

  

rlcal experience," can as soon

YMCA

the highest standards of acting
achievement. In every show the
repertory performs. their cm-
phasis will be on tile acior and his
attempt to relate lo the audience
on a genuinely humanistic lcvcl.
Willrou! A [lug/e is about two
couples...oiic rriiddlc aged. the
other college aged; and their cori-
fronlalions wilh each others
generations. morals, and personal
heiicfs. It is a drama whose dia-
loguc conlains many humorous.
yci friglilfully realistic, passages.

This play can also be SL‘CII on
MII/ 7 at the Iiclhlclrcm (‘offcc
Ilousc. |25 Adams Sil'CL‘l,I)Cllllilll
ill 7:00 PM.

 

2 Girls needed for spacious 5 bed-
room apartment near bus route.
Own rooms. Must sign lease soon.
Call 467-4396.

Union of Students

 

One way from JFK. London. Paris.
or Amsterdam. Round trip $195

by 707 and 747 Jets

Student power does ill Our inter-
national service just for sludcnls
gets you spacial let airfares lo
and throughout Europe. Continued
seals. prcvschcdulcri departures
Complimentary meals and bar
scrvuze. Avoid highor unirinicr
rriles by booking now Also lliglils.
to Tel Aviv. Zurich. l'rankiiirl.
Rollie.Ailicllli.1lli(I()IIle‘a

For lull Information call
(212) 986-8950
or mail coupon

National Union of Students Travel
Service. Inc.
30[ il2ncl Si . N Y.NYl0017

Nonio
Sirool.
Clly

Slnio G. lel

 

PAGE 18

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, APRIL 21. 1972

 

 

0 O
The Commg of Spring?

" by Eddy Trink

Spring has ﬁnally arrived for Albany State and the
Capital District. You can tell. Its not because the
grass is ﬁnally turning green, not because the
baseball mitts have been taken our of cold storage.
and not because girl-watchers have finally opened
their eyes after a long, cold winter. Spring has been
beckoned by the pounding of hooves and the
opening of the pari-muiuel betting windows. ch,
fellow betters, harness racing has returned to Sarato-

When I heard that Saratoga Harness Raceway was
opening its doors on April l4ih. my entire body
ﬁlled with anxiety. for only a true liorseiovcr knows
what the coming of horscracing means. In fact. I
would go as far to say that liorscracirig is a true art
form.

Where else can you go to see the finest form of
competition in the world? While you must pay a
minimum of two to lhrcc dollars for (he worst seats
at a basketball or football game. it costs as little as
$1.75 to be right at the finish line and watch the
horse you bet on lose by a nose. And while you can
barely see the individual players on a football field.
at the track. you can practically punch ilic losing
jockey in the mouth. thrc clsc can you cursc ihc
jockeys out and then stand in shock as the jockcy
gives you the finger back?

But perhaps the ﬁncsi aspch of ilrc irack IS the
fact that after lcn cxciicmcni-fillcd raccs, you just
might go home with morc money lliarr you slarlcd
wilh. Betting on the horses is a science and many
methods have been dcvclopcd. For cxarriplc. onc
method is called lhc “Once in a Lifetime Method."
This is where the horror hers on lhc longshoi every
race and true to the niclhod‘s name. the bcilor wins
once in a lifetime. Anoihcr iriciliod is called the
“Kissng Ass Method." This is where you follow one
of the jockey‘s wich around all nighl long and see
what she bets on for licr husband. (of course. she‘s
not really interested in bclling because she's actual-
ly looking for her boyfriend.) l:‘.vcn another mclhod
is called the “Loser's Method." This is wircrc some
guy tells you he has a “hol” lip and you let him give
it to you for a modest fee, Then. as you watch the
horse come in dead last. you discover that the guy
had picked your pocket. (That‘s why it‘s called the
Loser's Method cause it‘s for LOSERS!) Of
course there's the “Birthday Mclliod." where. if
you're born on say the llih of the month. you bci
a one-two Daily Double. The most popular method,
however. is to buy a program and compare each
horse‘s previous racing slrilislics and lhcn determine
the winner of tire racc. However. I can steadfastly
attest to the fact that this last mclhod docs NOT
Work and I have lost the money to prove ii.

Yes. you can tell Spring has arrived when the
announcer bellows. "...and they‘re ofl'...(‘onring into
the first iurri Miglily Iialllc is first by a nose with
Kingfisher second by a length and. "

 

   

 

j sruorsr

ciao-aseaoaeeeeoaaeee-ee-

':'. “wanna-revere. -.-. an -

  

  
 

FRIDAY. APRIL 21, 1972

 

STATE FAIR

CAMPUS CENTER MALL
ii am iii 4 pm
SATURDAY, APRIL 22

PROCEEDS GO TO
MBASSADOR PROGRAM

ease-as-eeasss see-asuse-se-easaeseneseoanaeeee-eneaeeeeeeooa{.:.:.:.:.:‘.'.._:l.~ .'....“

“fitment 'e's‘u'b%%$$ .‘e‘.’.'.'.'.'-'u‘o's'.‘b’o$$'u'.‘.$‘a'o's .e '- 'e'ﬁ't'ﬁ'ﬁ1h'b‘lh'ﬁ'eW

 

 

"Concert Sculpture" at SUNYA

This week the University Concert Board at SUNYA will present a
unique cxliibiiion of the talent of two of its profesrrors, Mr. Joel
Chadahc and Mr. Dennis Byng.

Their piece began as an experiment in the innovative use of
computerized music. The plexiglass and light came in to serve as
"musicians." something an audience could observe while listening to
the music. The actual "sculpture" part is made up of different colored
lights in varying shades that play upon a design made of plexiglass
modules (sheets and poles). Tire plcxiglass serves to conduct, diffuse,
reﬂect. and rcfracl the lights (which are placed at varying positions,
focusing on the plcxiglass from all sides). causing an inﬁnite number
of different effects depending upon the position of the viewer.

Byng and Chadabc put their talents together in conjunction with Mr.
John Roy of the University of Mass. who designed ilie electronics, and
camc up with liicir “Concert Sculpture," a never-beforc-secn combi-
nation of plcxiglass. light, and computerized music. This work
involves the simultaneous use of colored light and controlled sound
coming from the same control center. but totally unsynchmnized!
What you will see and hear is completely unexpected and cannot be
aniicipaicd. In facl. the outcomes often prove surprising to the
professors themselves. In the whole three hour Show, the music will
not repeat itself!!!

The show will run frorii Fri. April 2] -Tucs. April. 25 daily from 7-l0
with a special showing Saturday and Sunday from 3-5. All this will
take place in the Arena Theater and there will be a $.25 admission fee
(with lax) and $.50 without.

    
   

I.

one oeaeeﬂ

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
   
      

4.:‘a e a

 

 

marinas.
amis—

To tire Editor: .

The arr-called critic Bill Brina
could not explain “the spirit of
the concert" because. like himself.
the majority of European-
Americans have no deﬁnition (or’
knowledge) of the love that exists
between Black people and their
music (their heritap!) Therefore,
Brina's reaction to the “niﬂitc-
Tubby act that tried to sound like
the Temptations (but didn’t)",
tells many Black people he deﬁ-
nitely lacks coolness.

Contrary to his droughts of
Aretha ever losing the audience or
having to jettison the softer ma-
terial. or even that the Blacks
expression of love as being melo-
dramatic. is utterly absurd; also
the observation in general con-
tinues to expose the obvious ig-
norance that “we’ve come to ex-
pect from white America."

The Afro-Americans that felt
the love for Aretha, and pride at
being a people of such genius, will
never forget the beauty of our
Lady and our Black brothers and

Wm Ariana McDonald

Symphony selledule

‘Ihe Albany Symphony today
announced plans for an expanded
eight concert subscription seriu
for the coming season. For the
forty—second season. conductor
Julius Hegyi has assembled an ar-
ray of major works and gust
artists.

Among the gust artists who will
be appearing with the orchestra
will be pianists Misha Dichter. and
Findlay Cockle“. _Dichter wu a
winner of the most prestip'ous
Tchaikovsky competition in 1966
and h- coneertised all over the
world since his triumphant return.
This year he will be touring
Europe and Japan in addition to
his many United States dates.

Stephen Maria and Charlotte
Hegyi will perform a pair of con-
certi for two pianos in March.
Manes. a former Leventritt winner
is a frequent guest. on many or-
chestra scrim. Mrs. Hegyi is well
known to audiences as wife of
conductor Julius Heui and as a
soloist in the Beethoven Triple
concerts several seasons ago.
Manes and Mrs. Hegyi will play
the Bartok and Mozart double
Concerti.

Mezzo—soprano Marjory Fuller
will sing in Mahler's Fourth in
November. Mn. Fuller and Find-
lay Cockrell are on the faculty at
the State University at Albany.
Cockrell is very familiar locally
throuin his many concerts and his
radio clns "Keyboard Masters"
which is bmadcsst over WAMC.
We will be playing Rachmani-
noff's Papnini Variations.

William Brown. leading tenor
with the Lake. George Open.
will sing Lu Illuminations by
Benpmin Britten. During this
past season Brown was heard with
Mr. Hegyi in a program of cham-
ber music including works for
violin and tenor on the Music in
the Round series at William Col-

lege.

 

 

ISRAELI CAFE
AND NIGHT
CLUB NIGHT—

April 22 - 8:00

 

 

 

PAGE 19

 

 

 

 

 
    

