ﬁt.  mum-w . . 1

 

 

About the
YEARBOOK

 

limdud by student lax

Weinstgotwordtlmsomsottho
"SIM" don‘t like the kinds Ids we
putting out (mp-army it's a crime

to and gusting o! Mp to other
trim-n being)... W we limit] say
"turgid, but site"re riot in the stood for a
oonlronution night ism. So who going
to run you a titﬂe bit about the Torch and
Wmexpect.

This year's Torch is different in some
wsysndnotinotherwryshomdtc
previous two Torches ire-umber the one
with the Levi's on tireomer,sndtheone
with the black cover?). We received a lot
of mmplaints about test year‘s Torch, and
we'll admit that some of them were
niid...some of them.

The times when yearbooks did nothing
more than act as a photographic record of
all the clubs and faculty and frats, for a
particular year are over. They died years
ago when student bodies around the world
took their heads out of the sand, and
looked around  Yearbook staffs
around the country are attempting to
communicate a message or feeling to their
fellow students. We want to communicate
and educate... and above all share with
you feeling and emotions common to all
of us.

This year's Torch (Torch '72) is really a
combination of Torches ’70 and ’71. No,
we ain't got movies again, but we do have
a lot more "copy" (words), and speak a
lot more about how it was to be a student
during 1968-1972. We speak of water-
fights, and learning, and pot, and sex.
(orgasms are such nice things to have). We
try to educate you on the new movements
and concepts prevailing in today's
“Times” (or Knickerbocker News). We
have women to tell you about Women's
Lib and we interviewed a gay person to
tell you about his way of life. (You may
think this is irrelevant, but it represents
50% and 10% respectively, of the people
on thiscampus).We have a Black statement
from a Black student, and a Puerto~Rican
statement from a Puerto Rican. We gave
the fraternities each their own page, and
there’s more pictures of them than there
have been in a long, long, time. We got
poetry, pollution, and Ebbie the EEP.
We’re the first Torch to have Telethon ’71
and Telethon ’72, along with pictures of
Holiday Sing, and State Fair. We talk
about Attica, and Mayday, and of course,
Vietnam. We speak of love and sports (and
for the first time, Womens' sports). We
speak of poverty, and old age, and injus-
tice...So that you’ll have a way of remin-
ding your friends and yourself what this
place looked like, ten years from now,
we’ve included a 3 foot fold-out of the
campus taken from a helicopter (it’s in
living color).

Naturally, since this is an attempt to
communicate and share ideas, we want
and demand your opinions of it. In the
back of each book, there are two self-
addressed letters to us, one good, and one
bad. We ask you to fill them out, and give
them in at the CC desk. (if you don't wish
to rip out the page, there are extra copies
at the information desk). It the feedback
gets really going, we plan to have discus-
sion groups with you and our staff. This
way we know how to approach next
year’s book.

All of this will start to happen next
Monday or Tuesday, and continue until
next Friday. The cost of the book is $.99
with 2 tax cards, $4.99 with one tax card,
and $9.99 with none. (if you've lost them,
we'll work something out). They'll be
given out at the Bookstore Tunnel Winv
dow (just like your textbooks). We're
really excited, and looking forward to
seeing and hearing from you.

I

Your friends at Torch '72,

Ronald Simmons Art Goodman

Rich Goldman
Ed Potskowski

Carol Hughes
Lauren Simone

 

PAGE I2

Bob Solomon Steve Pollack

Joan Morris Mark Dishaw

John Chow Aralynn Abaro
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

advertisement

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1972

 

 

 

 

Envioronmentol Studies
Second Field Offered

The Ad Hoc Committee for Environmental Studies and Ofﬁce of the
Dem of Undergrade Studies have issued a listing of environmental
studies coursa to be offered in Fall of 1972. Interested students are
urged to register for these courses on the remaining registration and
open registration days.

The new courses are being offered as part of a second field program,
which requires completion of 18-24 hours of courses in the area,
including at lest six credits of advanced courses numbered 300 or
above. The student's major department is responsible for approving
his second ﬁeld and it is necessary that this program component be
designated no later than the second semester of the senior year. At the
time of designation. is student completes a “second field agreement"
with his advisor, this subsequently ﬁled with the Registrar.

COURSES

Environmental Workshops—Courses will be offered under this or
similar titles by those departments whose discipline is most prom-
inently identiﬁable in the course content. The department chairman
insures that the course, or workshop, is properly developed and
registered. Courses offered as workshops are given a department
number and title. In addition, they may be dual-listed with an ENV
preﬁx for easy reference.

Departman Courses—As with any approved second ﬁeld, many
courses among the total university offering urc appropriate to build a
coherent ﬁeld. Several courses are currently offered by various
departments especially for non-mnjnm interested in the environment.
These should be recognized as most nppropriutc and are recommended
to students building a second ﬁeld. (It should be noted that other
departments will, in time, develop special courses for students
concerned about the environment. As this is accomplished these
courses will be added to the listing).

getting it iob may be
the most difficult hurdle
of your teaching career...

The simple fact is that there are more teachers than teaching
jolts. Anyone promising you that getting the right job is going to
be easy—just doesn't know what's happening.

The EDUCATOR not only understands the job situation, but is more

able to deal with it than any other person or organization in New
York State. That's because The EDUCATOR is working with 160
school districts providing recruitment and selection assistance for
them. The fact is, if you will he a qualiﬁed teacher by September,
The EDUCATOR will assist you in getting a job.

FOR INFORMATION
WITH NO OBLIGATION
—CAI.L TIIIS TOLL
flIEE NUMBER NOW!

3 » PLACEMENT ssnvuce
 l k 114 Gifford Slreel
.. Syracuse, MN. 13201

800-962-1467

Weekdays/Sundays 9:AM-5:PM

The following is a listing of courses which are currently offered and
which bear directly on environmental concerns. The list does hot
include topia which touch tangentially on environmental topics. The
courses below will be dual-listed with an “ENV” prefix.

ENVIRONMENTAL COURSES
School Department/Course Number Title
A&S A&S 201 The Environmental Forum

Bio 202 Ecology
Bio 230 People and Resources in
Ecological Perspective
Chm 301 Chemistry in Society
Eco 182 Economics and Environmental
Policy
Gog 102 Introduction to Cultural Geography
Phy 302 Urban and Environmental Physics
Problems
Department/
school Course Number Title
BUS Law 210 Law and Society
GSPA Pal” 200 Social Pdicy and the
Environment

Paf 3003 Environmental Legislative Workshop
Pnf 300b Environmental Legislative Workshop
Paf 350 Man Against His Environment

SUPPORTIVE COURSES

school Department/Course Number Title
A&s Ant 460 Human Ecology
Art 410 Architectural Design
Art 474 Contemporary Architecture
Art 475 History of City Planning
ALm 100 The Atmosphere
Atm 207 The Oceans
Bio 219 Field Biology
Bio 316 Biogcography
Chm 407 Atmospheric Chemistry
Gog 101 Intro to Physical Geography
Gog 330 Geography of Population and
Settlement
Gog 416 Geographical Aspects of Land
Use Planning
Gco 105 Physical Geology
Soc 436 Urban Sociology

Also, students are urged in examine courscs offered in urban studies.
’I‘hosc courses which will contribute to an understanding of the
intern-InLionship of urban affairs and the environment may be elected
at lhc discretion of the student‘s ndvisnr.

Graduati- courses in the 500 stories are offered in a number of
departments. These courses can be taken for undergraduate credit by
students with an appropriate background but they must have the
approval of the major departman chairman and the coursu instructor.

rari- liar
, rim arm

by George Kolothill
President, PYE Club
Earth Day will mark beginning
of paper recycling on campus.
This week there will be n box in
the trash room in the basement
of each dorm. Students are re-
quested to bring only newspapers
and magazines and to please bun-
dlc them. WE WANT TO SEE
THIS WORK!

Students can become aware of
environmental phenomena, but
what’s next? The ultimate prob-
lem is achieving constructive in-
volvement in solutions to environ-
mental problem. Now, here is
your chance to become involved!

In the downtown dorm, there
will be boxes in the main lobbies
of Waterbury and Alden Halls.
This is an experimental process
and if it works it will be con-
tinued as another ecological pro-
cedure on campus.

The can recycling still faces the
same 'problems. Volunteers are
needed and people are asked to
please clean out their cans and
take off labels. We only want
cans— no garbage PLEASE!

P.Y.E. will also have a display
table in the Campus Center during
all of Earth Week. We will have
displays of the Pine Bush area.
The Pine Bush area has a beautiful
forest and sandy plain right in
State University’s backyard.
P.Y.E. is trying to preserve this
area against any type of construc-
iton that will destroy the Pine
plains for future generations. We
will also have literature and but-
tons on sale for people’s consump-
tion, education—or literal—wise.

P.Y.E. is also supporting an
Earth Walk. We are sponsoring 10
V” who will walk 6 to 8

 

“Legal ABOR TION "" 1
You have a
W. CHOICE

\ _
c“ We 212-442-0262
a“ A NON-PROFIT srnvrcr

um

 

 

 

EARTH WEEK ACTIVITIES-APRIL l7-22

YOU'VE DONE IT WITH CANS 
NOW WE'RE GONNA DO IT

WITH EAPER

Starting Monday April l7, you can bring all your newspapers and magazines
(in the basement of your dorm) and Downtown campus

to your trash room
to the main lobby.

look for the box marked Paper Recycling

And you know your in the right place...

 

FIRST PICK— UP"'SATUIIDAV, EMITNDAY, APRIL 22

call MEE 457—39) 3

 

P. 5., we need help!

 

 

miles. The rally is at 1:00 pm.
Sunday, April 16th at Iroquois
Middle School in Schenectady.
'I‘hc walkers will receive a certain
amount of money for every mile
they walk and the proceeds will
go for the restoration of u sunc-.
utury on the Bozenkill.

P.Y.E. is urging Mayor Coming
to close Washington Park to all
trafﬁc on Earth Day, April 22,
1972. We would like to have
anyone who is interested to call
City Hall (472-8900) to put in
their personal plea. Also, urge the
mayor to create bikcwnys in the
Albany City area. Activities in the
Park on Earth Day will include
bike riding, canocing on the lake
(rental of both sports will be
available) street-playing, and
whatever.

Environmental Speaker

Today, Tuesday, April 18, 1972,
John Scott from the Department
of Atmospheric Sciences, who is
working at the Great Lakes, will
bring George R. Francis from the
University of Waterloo to speak
about Environmental Education
at Environmental (Forum.

All personal interested are wel-
come to join us in LC 24 at 5:00
pm.

 

TNE‘SONG OF "I!
SILENCE-DA VlD IIA YE
Survivor of
Concentration Camp
April 19 - 1:30
CC Assembly Hall

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1972 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 13

 

 

’\\~..m-_w.......... v



 

?

