  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

view/arts/prev

 

'ew arts/ 0 e view/its

4,.-1.‘

 

 

: r: "1334?; 3";

 

 

Gallery Exhibition at“ i

A special one»day presentation
of I original lithograph, intaglio,
serigraph and woodcut prints
will be held Monday, October 23,
from 8 am to 4:30 pm in the
School Bookstore, Russell Sage
College. The public is invited to
View this unique collection fo

the Lakeside Studio from Lake- A

side Michigan and to meet their
representative, Mr.’ David Ber-
reth, who will be happy to ans-
wer questions both historical
and technical. All works to be
displayed are available for pur-
chase.

The work to be exhibited here,
valued at over $I00,000, cori-
tains prints by old master and
modern artists such as Albrecht
Durer, Jacques Callot, Georges

ning collectors and, second, to
fulfill a need for rapport with
the working printmaker. Lo-
cated on five wooded acres over-
looking Lake Miciiigan, yet
within an hour’s drive of Chi-
cago, the studio offers a fully-
equipped lithograph and intaglio
workshop. These facilities have
been set up and operated by
master printers trained at Tama-
rind Lithography workshop in
Los Angeles.

Prints by Rudy Pozzatti, Sig-
mund Abcles and Misch Kohn,
to name only a few artist, have
been printed and published by
Lakeside, a total of nearly fifty
editions have been completed so
far. The studio also offers a
summer course for professional

Rouault and Pablo Picasso. Also printmakcrs. This

, there will be prints by contem-

r. porary artists Leonard Baskin,

'_ Garo Antresian, Mark Tobey,

‘ Sid Ciiafetz, SW. llayter and

many others including Richard

. Bealie, Tom O'Connor, Frank

i Eckmair and Robert Marx from
(A New York.

The purpose of Lakeside Stu~

dio is two-fold. First, to make

7 available Iiigli quality, original

I prints to establisiied and begin-

printcrs. Iricltrded

rected each year by various
noted artists and professional

ity is a 50-room Iiotel which was
once a popular resort and now
provides living quarters for visi-
ting artists, educators. curators
and gallery directors.

The Lakeside Studio collection
of over IOU original prints tours
the country each year, visiting
major museums and universities.

rmce urchy" by Piene Bonn

course is di-
Russell Sage School Bookstore.

on the prope»

When a rock act is booked for
two consecutive nights in a hall
as big as the chsselaer Poly-
technic lnstitute's Armory it
must be a big show. Chicago will
make their ’I'roy appearance at a
pm. Tuesday, October 3i and

What Kind of Place is Utopia?

by T. Madaffari

CANYON -- “a place to say ‘no‘ to society while
saying ‘yes' to life."

CANYON: The Story of the Last Rustic Commit-
nity iii Metropolitan America. John van der Zee
11 Ballantine Books, 1972.

So you feel you can't trike it any longer in an

anti-individualistic, UII'CCOIUgIUUI, Iistablishmeiit run

‘ World'.’ So you want to live Willi no walls, real or

imaginary, grow you won food or do without. So

you take your man or Woman, find the promised

land, and live happily ever after, right‘.’ Wrong-
maybe.

CANYON at first leaves the reader feeling cheated
()ric expects another joyous handbook on roughing
it. The market is flooded nowadays witli manuals
for cooking and growing your own food, building
your own geodosic domes, and making your own
clothing. Books with titles like "The Joyful ('oiri-
munity", “Kibbutz: Venture in Utopia", and "The
Illustrated Hassle-Free Make Your ()Wri ('Iotlrcs
Book" tend to give the reader lhc Impression that
the simple life is easy to find and to keep

CANYON gives a clearer picttirc. The simple Iile is
hassle-full. riot free, and the least oI thcse hassles
involve the land. Nestled tn the Redwood (irove at
Canyon, California, the community of Canyon has
been alive lti one Ioriii or another for over a
hundred years. ('orirrriuiirty iii the true sense ol the
word-tire sense of people Iivrrig together, Iiiiilding
together, settling their own disputes their own way
and governing themselves. There were outside Iorccs
trying to end the coniiiiiiritty, notath II utilities
company trying to clear the watershed area of
(‘ariyori oI people, biit as long as there wrisiiiteinal
strength the coiriniunlty could continue as such

 

     
       
      
     
      
 
  
 
   
    
     
  
     

 
   
   
   
 
     
  
  
   
    
 
   
     
 
     
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
   
 
  
  
     

'l'bc sixties bought to Canyon an influx ot young
people, disillusioned with the outside world and
waking somewhere to find the inner peace they
longed for. Many were ideal for Canyon-they
personriificd its spirit of ctr-operation and conten-
tiorisnessnthcy were willing to Iielp their neighbors
ycl held on to their individualiririi. But others carue

seeking Nirvana Without Wrrntiiig to Work for it,
thinking indiVidtrahty meant hcentiousricss, hiding
out and running away from the outside World
instead of running to ('anyon. They caused a schism
between the older residents and the young ones, a
schism wrdc crioirglit for outside forces to finally
wcdgc in their plans tor the destruction of the
community
But ('rinyoii was strong enough to Iiglit back when
faced With the threat oi dissolution Among its
riicrnbcrs it Iound the human resources to return
ilscll to :r comrmrirrty ot people living with three
sets of priorities their own mental wcllrberng. the
land, and other people
Herein lies the secret of Canyon and its stirvrval
Nothing good happens last or crisily,but it happens
bccattse of people who want the good Threaded
throughout the book are various personal character
sketches of lltt‘ young and old ol ('rirryori Why they
came. why they \I.t}. how they make it Work This
is thc handbook part nl CANYON, but it is sulec'
building a gcodosrc dome or gioWing organic carrots
is ,1,” half so tIlIllLIIll :is birrldrirg a mentality and
body that can grow With other people and the land
for ('ririyou. ('trlitoinra. is .in earthly paradise l'lic
Iarid is rich and thc icdwoods lend .r ltllIIltitI malcsty
m which blIltlII human beings tlIlI share I,ivmg isn‘t
always corirplctcly happy or comfortable, birt the
proportion of good to bad pistilics Irving III ('auyon
instead ol existing in the outside World The people
of Canyon have learned to live like the rcdwoods-e
that the various indignities of life are to be endured
and outgrown
l-"or ('rinyon, the goal was and is to tirrri obstacles
irito achievements lioi CANYON, the goal is
awareness of obstacles and achievements. John van
dcr Zce has extended a warning inextricably tied tip
to a hope. The last natural resource, after all, is
humanity, and the wasting of this resource is
responsible for the disintegration of the others,
CANYON is a message and Il plea and Canyon,
('alifornia is It struggling, yet surviving example of
the ttlllllttlltm of this resource.

Wednesday, November I.

Chicago is the biggest Ameri-
can rock act in the business with
their latest album riding steady
in the number 3 slot of the ('ain
Box Top IOU albums and their
latest single, “Saturday in The
Park," registering a hit locally
and across the country,

The American Bureau of the
Arts who recently brought the
powerful combination of the J.
(icils Band and the Mahavishriu
Orchestra with John McLaughlin
to the RPI Arriiory is again
looking forward to presenting
Chicago, a group Whose big band
jam-rock sotirid cuts through the
barriers that divide the tastes of
musical audiences. 'l‘licir sound
is bold, elem, arid powcifnl.
th their songs also have meni-
oriiblc melodies and atidicriccs
who like easy listening music
and big bands of the forties find
themselves attracted to the iri~
fectious music of this jam-rock
band.

Chicago cut their musical teeth
lit the bars and nightclubs of the
Windy ('ity. The" original name
was “The Big Thing," a moniker
awarded them by audiences at-
tcitipliiig to describe their
sound. By the tirric they record-
ed their first fold record for
Columbia Records they were
known as the Chicago 'l‘iarisrt
Autliorrty and had moved thcn
base of operations to [its Ange-
Ics.

Their second gold 11’ met an
enthusiastic audience that had
no trouble adpistrrig to the \llltpr
Icr,ruorc familiar nariic,('hicrrgo.
'I'Iircc Iiil rilbtiiris later the hand
has retained their reputation lor
original and vrtril iii/.1 trick and
more than any other band have
set the standards lor the big
band sound.

Almost two years ago Chicago
sold out Albany‘s Palace 'l'Iicat-
er. In the summer of 197i they
drew one of the largest audi-
ences in the history of Saraloga
Performing Arts (feriter. The de-
riiaiid lor IICkCItt to their ()cto-
ber II and November | concerts

     

r
WJH

ard is one of many prints on exhibit by the Lakesrtle Studio at the

Chicago to play RPl Armory

has been unprecedented. 'l‘herc
are still sortie reserved seats avail-
able at $4.00, $5.00, $5 .50 arid
$ti.5(l. Tickets are available at
Music Shack, Troy; Van Curlers.
Albany; Stereo Sound, Schene-
ctady; Apex Music liar, latham
Shopping Center; New Wave Re-
cords, l’ittsfield; and the Rens-
s'clricr Union at RI’I.

*- 44 A? 3V

liriday and Saturday, October
2] and 33, 'I‘hc Iiightli Step
('offec Iloiisc, I4 Willctt 51.,
Albany, will be the scene of an
appearance by Jirri Ringer and
Mary Mc(‘asiin.

Jirri Ringer, presently on the
east coast to finiin a record for
I~o|k—I.,egacy Records, brings
With him a wealth of music
ranging from Appalachia to Iris
Angcles in origin. A traditional
siiigcr, Iic has a Wide repertoire
of songs learned from family rian
friends While Itvrng in Arkansas'
Ozark Mountains. l‘tttttt Ilicrc.
his limiin migrated to Iltt' Sari
Jtllltllllll Vallcy wrtli its litit'k
Owens-Merle Ilrrggrrrtl criviion.
iirciit which has ol tIL'ct'sstIv
rnlltrcriccd his tastcs. l‘lic tt‘\llll

is that he has become ; Iinc

interpreter of coiitcrripoiarv
country-western material One
“Wriitiri' for

The Hard Times Io tin" pic

ol his own songs.

tCt'tlt'tI him to the east coast.
I‘ttllllL’I Barnaby recording ail
ist, Mary Mct'aslin is now [It Iltt‘
east playing crittccliouscs iIIIII
colleges. I’rcscntly she is ricgotr
riting With a new label and plati‘.
to start recording riroiind lhc
first ol the year Her picvtiitls
album, for Ilrrinrihy. was entrich
“(loodniglil lzvcrybody." While
she writcs ni.iriy ot her own
songs which have .r very heavy
western Ilrivoi , sire is also known
tor her ability to take other
contcriipoiaiy songs. and with
unique riiiaiigcriicnls, add a new
dimension to thciri. She has
worked the California folk ctr}
cirit and is now gaining popular-
ity on the east coast as well.
Progiarii time is ‘) (it) PM. Ad~
riitssrori ~ $130 Donation.

  

 

 

Milne faculty and stirdents will demonstrate instructional uses of the com-
puter at the Computing Center
(See hourly schedule for details)
HUMANITIES (Bldg. 2)
Display of ancient arts, 3rd floor
Monumental brass rubbings, Rm. 354
Language laboratory (hourly demonstration)
Video tape demonstrations (speech therapy), lst floor
Departmental displays
LECTURE HALL COMPLEX/EDUCATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
(The following are continuous; see hourly schedule for other events)
Television tapes, International Children‘s Theatre Conference, LC l8
Teaching Hebrew, SB 33
Urban studies film, LC I0
Geology film, LC 14
Traffic safety, LC IS (hourly)
LECTURE HALL CORRIDOR
James E. Allen, Jr., Collegiate ('eritcr, exhibit
College ochrreraI Studies, exhibit
LIBRARY (Bldg. 8)
Faculty publications
Iiistoric display
Rare book display
('omputcr information retrieval tlcriionstralroii

 

  

 

 
 

YONE — HAVE A oooo DAY!

LIBRARY AND INFORMATION SCIENCE SCHOOL (Bldg. l6 - lower podium

level)

  

Stock market information - data needed for successful stock market
strategies
Storytelling festival

 

 

PAGE THIRTY TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1972

1 LE OF EVENTS

3.0 him.

.  l:.l(l p.m.
An Atralysrs of Poetics,

Introduction to 'I‘cachrng, irrultr-rrictliri presentation,
l.(' 34

A: _ “Oh. What it Lovely War." tripe ol SIINYA 'I‘hcritrc
Itzl’,‘ED tzo Production, l.AII Theatre 2. I’AC
.df atyReader'," award-Winning “'I'eachei ('orps: What Is It'l", Iii) |2ti

t.  "'I'ccn Agc l)icl: (‘zrlorics or ('atristroplie'l", Nursing
u'éNut’sing School, ISA 12‘) School, BA 3.”

,v Ilururidr Daricc ('oiiipany, Library Lounge ‘ 2nd floor

“Planning for Yoiri Aged I’arcnt," Nursing School,

  

 

p1 septalion, LC |

4:5 3”“ rm 1:0
\dqundacks, LC 34

 _ 1:45 p.m.

{eon (’oIIcc Ilour, Izrrglisli Ilcpartriicnt, III] 254

nglilndirriis of Mcxrco, shtlcs.

‘ ‘ 2:00 p.m.

Iloriicconirrig I-ootball (irrmc, SIINYA vs Ilrockporl,
rillilcltc Iicld

Icniiis lilrii, I’l', IJriircc Studio

.Il.'l/\’x|'I".\'.AI/)/:, irrritrncc performance, I’A(' Mrirn
Sitigc. lllt'kt‘ls 8 LOO)

“liirrtibrirg.” color him, I,(' l

 

I’aticl. "(‘rrriirrinl .Illsllt't‘ Iitliictitrori in (Him ('ountiics,"
(‘irinuiril Justice | oungc

"Sticcrsstul Stockiiiarkct Stirrlcgrcs," l S ‘t/

‘rlms, IA I3!)

l‘lrr' from/c I‘ll/Illr/l discussion. I tbrarv School lounge

Rcrtiolc llatrr Access l)crrtrinslintroir, IS ill)

"IIIK' lrvcl) Art of I’ictiiic Books," |iIrii, IS til

"Ilcalli arid Illt‘ (illt'Vllll! l’roccss," Niirsriu- School, llA
III

"linurst I'Jriit'r'r Viprlalirr' ( .rlI Mt‘.tt| Vit tory," llA IZ‘)

I‘lll\t'l\ll) ('ollcpt' |’.rirr-| “r\r .irlciritt t\rlvrcc for

r - .
nert's Auxrlrrrry (iyrii
fluidly," ('riinmal .ltrsticc

lithograph

  

lithium -|’trcrto chriri
Dilligc‘ltitl Iloiii

Upon.
 Mall
l“ Incas and Industry, lHum)”MUN“... |( N

2‘) )
, Sttirlt'nt Musrt I Ilst'lllltlt‘\, I At I\'t'\ IliII Ilrill
UIlHllt'tllll prr'scritrrtioir.

   

t
m lithnpual Ilt'llllltl\ll.tlriitl I‘irt'rto Runrn l)1|lltt'l\. library

   
   

I|tlII|i1t"llllllltitil
llr'liritt' "Sltrittlrl tlic II 5' Arlopt .’| Policy ol Stu’itiII/crl
Mcdrr'iirc"", IIII |.‘>\'

 
  

  
 
 

 

      
 

llctcr Rorirl
35, 2:15 pm.

“ H “t\rt and the l rrvrroruiicnt.“ riiriltr rrit'rliri presentation,
It' LI

 
  
    

 

         
  
  

2:30 pm.
|ci'trrrr'll)r-riioristrtitroir on loan | llllt‘WUtitl, PM" I ah .’
“Planning Ior Parenthood," Nursrnp \r Iroril, llA .l H
Ri‘t‘r'irl llt‘lltI‘s iIi l)r.irri.r III I‘ll

C_ riirtaI Jristicc loungi-
I - n
MIIIIOII of His Son.

   
  

 
   

 

  

    

.l'tltt p.m.
Mr‘tlm Irrp lhrolrph IIIt' Adrriiiirlat k\, If .‘-I
"\\lr.rt'~t Your Nitric", ('oriirmrnrty Servrct‘ I‘IItII, I.(' 'i
“Man Apamst llrs I‘ri\'rroirrriciit," vrrlr'o tripe, I(' d

   

    
  

  
  
   
 

“I‘risrui ltrst ||tltlt.|t\ I orh's,"( IllllllItIl Jtisllt't' lounge
Iiti.i|ciir.i|.iir I ,‘tt.t\.tl|tll| lerlcs, | t' l

' 'r Ititlo, I’I' l).inrr Studio

lithograph I'ilms, I'A lJtu

   
  
  
  
 

.l:.l() p.m.
l’uerto Ricriri Strident llancc (lioup, Library lounge,
2nd llooi

   
  
  
  
 

Demonstration of remote access to bibliographical data
Films: “At the Center"; “Challenge of Change"; “Seven Authors in Search
of a Reader"; “The Impressionable Years”
Open student discussion of Germaine Greer‘s The Female Eunuch

Displays in library school foyer
(Sec hourly schedule for details)

PERFORMING ARTS CENTER (Bldg. 9)

Deal“

Music Student ensembles, Recital Hall

University Wind Ensemble
Electronic music demonstration
Music Council booth

Theatre “Stage Lighting Demonstration"
Lecture and demonstration on Joan Littlewood

Scenes from class projects

Two children's theatre films: “Sarah Quincy" and “Little Theatre of the

MARAT/SADIi (admission charge)
(See hourly scliedrile for details)

PHYSICAL EDUCATION BUILDING

'I'cnnis lilrii, dance studio
Synchronized swrnimriig
Gymnastics, Women‘s illl‘tlltitH gym
Folk dancing, daricc studio

 

 

 

    
   

Fencing exhibition, women‘s ttIHIlttlt) gym

Modcrri drrricc. tirincc \Illtlltl

Judo, dance studio

(Sec hourly \‘t‘ltt'tltllt‘ for details)
PHYSICS (Bldg. 5)

Mini»lectiircs, I--'l p.m., Lounge. “Microwaves”; “Tone Generation":
"Physics and Transpor trit ion" .

X—Ray clinic I

Iilcctronic laboratory demonstration

Particle laboratory demonstrations
SOCIAL SCIENCES (Bldg. I)

Archeology exhibit, lobby

Iicononircs lecturer. and display, Rm. |44

(liitrlcnirilari textilcs, .lid lloor

Map displays, lst floor

Inter-American studies, .lrd llooi

Ariiriial laboratory, Rrii. Ii 5‘)

Social psychology laboratory, Rm. ll ‘4

Iixpcrirncrital laboratory, Rm. Ill

Iiitcrriatrorial prograrrrs, Rinst I It), I I |

Sociology display, Rm. I‘ll)

('ol'Ir-c Iioiir, history tlcpzirlriieril. .Irrl llooi

SPECIAL SERVICES

Ol’ltN IIOIISI'. INFORMAI ION ('I'NII:RS r ('.unpus (‘cntcr Iril'orriiatiori
Dr‘sk ~ check there for lost and Ioirnd items (including children). 'Ihcrc are also

    
 
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
    
   

llttt‘t‘ \llltlt‘ltl-llltIIIIIt'tI riiloiniritrorr booths on the podiiiiri l'ollow the signs.

I‘IRS'I All) S'I’A'l ION ('.rriipiis ('ciitcr Ilo. If) .r m. l p in. chrstcrcd
muses on duty, doctor on ctill.

I’ARKINIi Parking is lust comt Inst st'tVt'tl .it any parking :ucrioricriiii-
pus. Ilic iriritl III Iroitt ol lllt' potlririii Will he opcii to allow cars to dtscliatgc
prrsscrur,t'rs ('riis must Illt'lt proct-cd to parking lots. The“ shuttle ltll\ scr'vrcc (small
yellow bust-s) wrll run continuously throughout the day. I‘ccl llt‘r’ to use them to go
to and Inuit Illt‘ podrririi.

FOOD SERVICE

I~IIll (‘AI-I‘ II RIA SI'RVlt‘I' can be ltttllltl Itl ;i|l ot Illl' tL'\|tIL‘IlL't' quail
ranglcs (near the towers) Irorir | I it) :i m. In I it) p m ,rIIItI Ill lhc ('riniptis (enter
all day.

SNACK IIAR SPRVII'I‘ rs :rvrirltrhlc .rll day iii the t'rirriprrs ('critcr. at a
special stand in IIIl' Icctiirc hall coniplcx. and :it lhc illlllt'llt' Ircltl t|~»I p.rir las Wcll
as in the Alumni Hospitality 'I cnt ( ll .i.rri. S p in.) ou the (‘tiriipus l'critcr Mall.

DINING ROOM SlaRVIl'I‘ is rivriilriblc in thc l’atioon Room in thc I';iiii~
pus ('criter l I: it) a.nr.72 p.m. and 5*) p.m.

CAMPUS AND BUILDING TOURS

IllIS IIJI I' ~. «\ROllNl) l’ItRIMI‘ | I'R ROAI) -.i|I dd) lt'.IVIII)_I [tour the
wlulc luis slrrtroir IIt.itI\t‘tl “'I'ottis" Ill Iiorit til the podium (Washington A\cnuc
\ltIL‘). IIIt'V thl Icrivr- r-vt-ry ltl minutes.

WALKINIi IUIIRS all day h'tivmg lrorii iiiarir critr.rnci' III liont ol the
Athiiinistrrition Iiiirlrliiig I'Ircsc tours wrll lt‘.t\t' cvcry [5 illltlllli'\ .llltl Will take
approxrrrialcly riii'c hour,

IiIIIl.I)|N(i 'I'OIIRS (III .r.rii -l p in t'\t't'])l .is nolcill mirlcai .tut‘lt‘ltllttl
(hourly), student health strVicc, I’ciloirrirng Arts ('t-ntci, I‘lllt‘ Atls Iltrilding, Ir‘
Iirtiry, steam plant, riirirrilcutiricc shops, motor pool, greenhouse, t‘oniputirig (‘t-ritcr,

      

     
 
   
 

  
 
  
 

    
  
  
      
  
   

     
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 

residence areas, Physical liductition Iiuiltliiig, ('ampus Center.
Please feel llt't' to browse through arty building.

Acknowledgment
'I'lic ('omrnuiirty—IIiirvcrsity I)tiy Stccririg(‘oiniiiittcc is grateful beyond
words to the hundreds of members of the university community, too
numerous to list, who have contributed their time, effort, and talent to
bring this day to you. Students, facility, alumni, staff secretaries, car—
punters, painters, gi‘ouridsrncii, technicians, professors, writers, editor's,
printers and many others who have helped; thanks to all of them.

