a.
i
s
f.
l.
E
c‘,

 

' PAGE TWO

 

GRASS ROOTS

 

OCTOBER 24, 1972

 

. l:“,‘.’i iri iifl
il‘yil‘ lrili Il‘ll I
‘r(,' I '

,sfr‘ lll'l“ “
“TP‘I‘JMI‘hhli‘l‘h \\

ill‘g‘jl Illh‘l L. I .
fr‘,""',3‘.jl'll, 1‘ l‘rll.l.‘ lll I

r
', Wit r“

Welcome the
End of the Draft

Al a time when President Nixon is under attack by conservatives
for his poor record on national defense and the economy, it comes
naturally as .r surprise that he has announced his intention to keep
one of the plethora of lilw promises ending the peacetrrtie draft
One may Well wonder why he has waited so long, after strong
bipartisan elforts in ('ongress. the conclusions of his own
toriiriiissron on the subject, and the intensive Work of private
orgarii/alrons have indicated support for lhe all-volunteer systerm
to pressure decrsrori-makers into instituting the system

THE ANSWER MAY [IE in the new Ilivyearvoldvole. his recent
attempts to Woo young voters by boasting .fltttul his lihc'rzil record

1-“
ill

 

indicate lh.it lic Wishes to exploit lliis new elr-t lion resource
Mr. N Mir“. obvious ptagttiatistti d81dl.‘,WL' do .rpplutrri his recent.
r‘. lr'ilvd .. r‘io lll curt-til that the di.rll wrll end I \ Joly l"‘.’~
ll[>[\'i\lillvll I lllt' ill \ttllllll‘TI systemli.i~.s1eititrir‘ri lllULll lto'ti
rr-ri 'idll . lh.rrt 2' mi solul lllll,lls'.l tail llic' t l.lrllr r’ pr-isous so it
\czialoi Kr’lll‘r‘ ‘\ ‘l‘.l| llli‘ till VillllillL'L' .itmj. .Mlllltl lr .r
miter-uni l 'l- r -l prior ‘tl.rrl.. .itid iillli'l (lriprcssr‘d l'l'rri".\ llJH

lwcrr l.rtgc'\ ‘ll\l.|lill'il llrir- tired -tlll\ poirrl .-ul iii.rl tilt" Is

III'illll-L ulhllillltllrll'lt rl ill iii-rill lii'itii' [mid to \th' itfli'i‘ r ‘lllllH
llit ir'rrr: 'rtic'tcr'iiar. 1. Irir lt‘l'y m emotion [‘ltit'd \soid.
r.'v .igrrtJ to ro'itirr. up -r.ioii~ it lbw-air. l‘kr »'lclll‘l‘ Ill.lli’l||lli'
like lll‘l_\ ‘l|i\ .li'  hill r' l\.|lli‘\ I i[iirig .rrid looting t lIlIIIIli'

()r, r. r'it' Ill\i clotsu’l hint 'lll' Itli.| ol ||.icks Joining Ilic .rrm_\

in. .rosc' ilrt pd) l\ good. ll mighl hr noted llldl llli‘ ni.i|oiii\ oi
Mm our» poor prople rite while .ittvuay

(Hill-K RIDIt‘ULOUS lll‘.('l ARATIONS, such as llll‘ ' hut-rt
Days in May llli‘-rl\ I'i.rl .. rli.|ric lll right wriig ollirc'ts.
sitppr-rlrd by v.is: I'lllllttt'lldll lcgr iris loyal oiil', to mill 't‘l\ ind riot
in State, iirrrthl attempt .r i’Ullp, are without solid lrrlrndatioii llir
iiiflic'i irrrps right riov Is almost completely a volunteer [Hire and
the .ill volunteer \l‘iVlLL's such as llii' Navy Air l trite, .itiil t'ir'ri llll'
errrisl Mdflilt‘\ uit‘ displaying more loyall) to \iricrirri than llli'
drrr‘lt-r- mic-sled Army

No, thr opposition in llli‘ past few years has urilerr'd .rioriiid the
tears lhal not enough people will volunteer, and lli.il iii the everrl
of national i-riietgc-nty, the volunteer system “in not [liil\|(lt'
enough retruris in tune to rim-l manpower iL'qlull'llIi‘lll:

llic conclusions of the l'tt'sidt'ril's flutes (oiiriiiissiori run
counter to this argument According lo the f'tririiiiissiori s Iiiidings
an all-volunteer illlily would not only L'lllillflrlll‘ waslr' .riici upgradi-
quality, hul also Would ptovnle t-rtoogh manpower to llict‘l till oI
our national defense needs

THE 0351 ACLE NOW TO IT” dllV‘)lllilll't‘i foicc .rtc lhe
archaic, L'lllVirlfIL ideas ol pillllllllt‘lll Scllllllli.‘ (such .is Mr Htertnisl,
whose extreme notions of duty and horror, reminiscent of hull Rim
days, are firmly slumped Ill the statue hooks

('origress should get riiovrrig iii hand task for it these days), and
approve enlrslrrienl llchlllfVL‘s, such as pity boosts, as quickly as
possible Most importantly, il should end the drail, and amend the
We? Selective Servrce Act to provrde the machinery for its
reinstrlutron in the event of extreme national etiiergency.

The draft is immoral, unpractrcal, and downright dangerous to
national security Willi the Adttiinistratiuns's support of further
incentives for erilislirient, the moderates will line up in favor, and
hopefully the all-volunteer force will become reality

 

by Mitchell Frost

Grass Roots today joins the tnany
other college and non-college news-
papers around tlie contry which
have witnessed at first with as—
tonishment and then with utter
dismay, the so—called McGovern
phenomenon and have rejected it as
being both irresponsible and out of
touch with the mainstream 0
American politican thought. The
Senator frorn South Dakota is
thoroughly unacceptable as a
Presidential candidate for a wide
variety of reasons (as some of the
authors writing for this issue ltave
pointed out) ttiost of which cart be
grouped itito one of two categories:
he lacks too many of the important
and essential qualities required ofa
President; and his programs. as far
as cart be discerned, lead us where
we, and we think where most
Americans (hopefully most
students too) want most to avoid,
e.g. government interference a la
1984.

The Senator, much as his support-
ers would like to excuse him, must
take the responsibility for his own
campaign mishaps. His campaign
has been. well, sloppy. This is
unfortunate for though his iiicoin»
petence as a caitipaigii organizer
should not disqualify him from the
office he seeks (iiothitig could be
rtiore absurd) it detitoristrates to
sortie extent his lack of leadership
ability and aditiiiiistrative iilr
coriipetericc. The US. Senate, frorii
which lie sprouted, is a coriipletely
different world from the Presidency
for while Senators ill'L' charged with
riiaikiiig the laws it is the President
who must carry theiii out, care-
fully. judiciously. and with an ad-
riiitiistr'alive skill which Senator
McGovern desperately lacks,
i’iirtlicrriiote, McGovern :iccc-iit,
Hall's this problerti by pr'ortiotiiig
policies and programs which require
even greater federal involvertictit
than the too much Wt. guy“, “'7
ready programs which he will have
to administer by himself and will.
the Hill of ti vast gt,v,.,.,,,,,,.mu|
bureaucracy under his authority
11ml he can’t even handle his own

t.trrip.rigii properly‘

. . t . . t t l . t .

Senator Mc'(.‘overri's campaign
slogan, “McGovern: Right frorii the
Stan," focuses ill on McGovern's
desire to create an image for hitti-
self of consistent liberalistti.
McGovern. the image leads us to
believe, is a man of principle, a man
who will stick by his guns "from
the start," unlike his opponent who

 

would reverse himself if he thought

 

 

 

EDITORIAL

it would win him a few extra votes.
McGovern is, to be sure, an oilt
and out liberal but throughout his
campaign he has too often reversed
his positions. He has become. to
many loyal Democrats, and. as the
polls show, to most voters. lill-
reliable. First he was for irririicdmrc-
and total withdrawal from .rll of

Southeast Asia. He would. llt' r l.l|i|l.
ed, go “Begging” to llrtrior for the
return of the captured /\llll'll-,|Il
 The “IICW” Mcfirnr'tn
position is somewhat (llllt‘ltlll
--continued American plCSt‘iltl Ill
Southeast Asia including Auto .1”
air bases in Thailand llillll 'lit'
P.0.W.s are returned-arid llc' .rr; lt\
it as if he had always held it it in
from the Start?

McGoverti's orginal \NL'lldlt 
gram was fascinating: a llilrtlwiil
dollars per person p-t' ye.” llu'
only problem was, it wirirldrr'r
work. $0 $1,000 became S73“ l-rll
this was no better. His latest \i'l srorr
appears no more than .r L'ltrssl\
expanded Family Assistance |’|.rrr .r
la Richard Nixon. The financing of
such a program remains a Pillltlt'lll.
however, and his solution to llils
predicament has likewise gone
through numerous reverses. \o. lit’
doesn’t want a 100"“ inheritance
tax oti estates valued .llH)\L‘
$50,000--not any more at least \o.
he doesn't want L‘olifisculiin mm
imposed on the rich and tin rot
poratioris. That was yc'slr't l.r\ \
position. Today we hate .r mu
McGovern. Arid tomorrow '

Busing has gone through .rrrrrl.”
reverses: Yes, No, ch. its \o
Cr, W(}Uld yUll rL‘PCill ilH' lllll‘ll “I
again, please? The question  Hi
all asking ourselves (or should be
asking) is. if McGovern t.t|ll will

to make tip his iitirtcl tillt' l‘\.l\ or

the other about llic riiost lllllllrll-Illl
issues in this L'dlllImlgll. ltl .il'tlll
the minor ones. doesn't lll.ll ll llill
ail inability oti his [ml to ilrrrrlx

.lil

clearly and logically. Sort
tunable to admit oiics Illlslall l'vill

why vote fora man wllrr noit

many mistakes?
4' t t . t t . . .

“It is very popular to tum ~‘

‘friend of hurtiariity,‘ or .t 'lrrt ml ~l
lllL‘ working classcs,‘ with r' ‘ '-‘l

philosopher William fit them

Simmer nearly a hundred \r.rI‘ JG"
“(and some iticrr) Ulllt‘lVll‘t' Ill
small account, have ltlht'il rI ~i|'l'
great success and advaniagt \Iri
thing which has a ch.rrrr.tlrlr willlll
‘vllld a kind—hearted torregr'IiL‘H‘ll‘

N

passes wiilrout investigatier

caUsc it is disagreeable to .oml' "
'11 it ll l of

l

McGovern is just such .r
humanity’ and if he .lppcais to fur

 

 

OCTOBER 24, 1972

GRASS ROOTS

PAGE ’ THREE

 

 

NIXON

with reservations

the courage of his convictions-4n—
deed if he has any convictions other
than his own election-die seems
hell-bent on one course at least:
solution throuin government.
Whatever the problem, McGovern
has a federal program specifically
designed for it. In fact, he has a
whole handful of governmental
solutions for prohlenis that could
better be dealt with at the local
level or without government
interference at all. Working through
government. though, seems so
charitable and makes us feel so
generous. But government cannot
give lo the people without first
taking from the people, turd if we're
being generous at all we iiiiisi
realize that we are being So with
someone c-lsc's money. This, llllr
fortunately, has been the one con
sistarit trend iii America since the
New Deal days: l.ct (iovcrirriic-rit
Do it. But all the while. govern»
merit incompetence is berated by
evci'yoric---c-specially by
Mc(iovcriiitcs who seek just these
kinds of solutions-valid until we
realize that “freedom” and
“liberty” arc- riot empty phrases;
that liberty and freetlorti emanate
froiti our efforts to r/rr't'lt' govern-
rncriral expansion and flower as we
succeed lll these efforts, we will
continue to clrifl slowly into 1| world
of oriiiriisciciil .irid oiiiriipolciit
government, incompetent to the

L'llLl.
. . .

What. on lllt‘ oilit-r li.rrid, has the
llltllllllll‘lll to ollc-r Ilit- Aritciirtiii
people? The ic-Iiiiiis tii'c (Irritc'
riiixcd to be sure. but on the whole
wc'vc litid tr rather poor four years
Irorri Richard Nixon. The President
is vulnerable to attack on a number
of counts. His decision to employ
wage price controls as ti iticasurc' to
arrest inflation has made most
croiioiriisfs quiver. A slalilt- cto
iioriiy. .is Professor Millciri
lilt'tllilrlll ol (lirt.rgo has consist
c-riil) .rigiit-d. rt-cprrrcs .i stable
iirorit-lary polity. \‘i'iotc' liicdtiiari
Hi .i tr-ct-iii Kr lf lfllf- tolirirrir,
"l‘ritlc't Ilrr I|t\\ |iiiorir't.iry] pro
iit'tllllt's lllt‘ lrrl li.is lit'c'll .tlfillllg
.il soiiir-Iliirrg lil~.r .l ii [iii il'lll )ll'l
\t.ll l.llt' of glrmllr Ill lllt' (|ll.llllll\
of lllilllt\ . ll.t .rriiml r.rlr “J‘s
riiorc lli.iii lll Iltl trril lot llrt' lirsi
st'vt'ii llltilillls ill l‘)7|. lr'ss llr.iir l
pct tcril lor llrc lt'sl of l‘)7l.lllillt‘
than if Ici ti'lll so l.ir this year
Silt lr wiclc llirrtimiioiis in monetary
growth .iic undesirable.” lii fart.
s.i\’s l’ricdiiiaii, t'\('l| f) pci tt'lll is
too lrigir lrrll.iirorr will rorilrirtic as
long .ts lliL‘ llitictlscs lll llle IiI<iIlL‘}
slllll'l\ coiilrriirc- to oirlsli'ip in

t'lct liotl. Nixon til

creases in production. Under these
conditions the money supply
should obviously be tightened.
What is the President waiting for?

Simultaneously, Mr. Nixon has
raised the National Debt and is, in
the midst of an inflationary eco-
nomy, pursuing a policy of deficit
spending. This, of course, only
serves to further aggravate the in-
flation. Just where did the Presi-
dent learn his economics?

The SALT agreements were per-
haps the President’s greatest blund-
c'l'. With the stroke of a pen Mr.
Nixon froze the arms race (Doesn't
that sound good: “froze the arms
iacc"?) leaving the Russians with a
considerable offensive advantage.
The Soviet Union is already be
ginning to "MlRV" its giant 88-9
missiles (25 rncgatoiis as t'oriipared
with one iticgatori for the Minute-
mati) and upon completion of this
operation fpc-rriiiitcd under the
agr‘ccrrierit) we will be oiitiiutiibercd
by about SW4. If McGovern had
been the one who signed the agree-
ments he would have been crit-
icized scvcrly. But Mr. Nixon is
hailed as a great pcacciiiaker. lt just
doesn‘t make any sense.

And what of the Vietnam war?
lliilf .’I iriillioti troops have been
removed ltorti Vietnam since 190‘).
But this has severely limited his
options and total withdrawal is
inevitable. llc (tiii't stay there much
longer .iiid he cannot cscaliitc witli
out causing gttivc' psychological
reaction here .it home. So regardless
of who becomes the next Attic-titan
President the troops will have to be
withdrawn. Thc' orin difference be
tween .i Nixoii withdrawal and ii
McGovern withdrawal is fire effect
they Will have on the world order: a
Nixon withdrawal will be perceived
.is .i tiiclical rctt'cat; a Mt'fitlvc'l‘ll
withdrawal will be seen as a siir
render of America's role in World
.iffairs. This will make a great dif
lcrt-rirc in our cllcctivcilc‘ss in the
Middle Last and elsewhere aiolilid

lllC Will 

vt-tttt

All Ioi.rlt'tl, what toiirliisioris can
we tll.lw’ Mr. Nixon is l(‘ll;lli|ly :i
ll|l('lrl| ll'KlK'lll lll IlIS lllvllllll. (ll
(lllll\l‘ lllll .lL'SIHTL' lllh “I‘llly NlHH‘
rorirrrrgs and his lilirndc-rs, llt‘ has
Hill to an) gnarl t‘xlcill Ilt‘llllllllt‘lll
li damaged l‘llllL‘l our institutions
or our credibility :llillliltl the world.
\cnalor Mt(.'ovc-rri is a wrccklcss
st lrciiit-r. The choice, llioiigli a poor
rillt', is becoming (lcillL'l' and clear
c'i. Despite Mi. Nixon's iiitiiiy faults
he is the only one who can stop
(.‘c-orgc- McGovern. Though we do
not support him on tiltiiiy issues we
lt‘t‘l torripclled to urge his re

 

GRASS Riots

EDlTOR Mitchell Frost
CONTRIBUTORS and STAFF

Dr. Kathleen Kendall Ed Lopaiin
Dr. Richard Kendall Bob Rosali

Wayne Gustavson Phil Jackson
graphics editor: Gary Rlcciardr'

Grass Roots is a journal of moderate and con-

servative opinion at the State University of
New York at Albany. it Is published when-
ever the staff can get itself together. There is

 

 

 

 

. ,,
7-, ,
, _, . mud

 

"Human rights are more imporfa

than

by PAUL L POIROT . 

it is not the right of property which is
protected. but the right to properly.
Preperty, per se, has no rights; but the
individual—the man-has three great rights,
equally sacred from arbitrary interference:
the right to his life, the right to his liberty.
the right to his property. . . .The three
rights are so bound together as lobe
essentially one right. Tl) give a man his
life but deny him his liberty, is to lalte
from him all that makes his life worth
living. To give him his liberty but take
from him the property which is the fruit
and badge of his liberty, iii to still leave
him a slave.

(1.5 Supreiu- t‘oirrt Justice (lcorge Sutherland

TRICKY Pl-lRASliS with favorable
meanings and emotional appeal
are being used today to imply
a distinction between property rights
and human rights.

By implication, there are rwo
sets of rights-one belonging
to human beings and the other
to property. Since human beings
are more important, it is natural
for the unwary to react in fthlir
of human rights.

Actually, there is no such dis-
tinction berWt-en property rights
and human rights. The tr-rm pro-
perty has no significance except
as it applies to something owned
by someone. Property rrnclf has
neither rights not value, save
only as human interests are tri~-
Volved, There are no rights but
human rights, and what are spoken
oi as property l'lghlb‘ are
onl‘, this human rights of lndlvrduals
II; proporty.

l'iXIITUSHL‘d more accurately, in:-
issuc or nor one of property rights
Versus human rights, but of Illl.‘
human rights of one portion
in the community versus the lrurrian
rights of another.

erat are the property rights
thus dinparaged by being set apart
front human rights? They are
among the mom ancient and basic
of human rights, and among tlic
tnont l‘Hb'c'illltll to irecrlom Jirit!
progrchh, 'llrt-y arc tlio pt‘ivtic-geh
of private owrlc‘t‘LlITp which give
meaning to llli‘ right to the product
or oric's lanor - priVilt:ges which
ltll'll litch ..lw.iy.~. rr-gtrtlt-d in:.iirt<'—
llVl‘l)’ :i.. lit-longing l'. ilrcm .llllllihl
.r, iriiirntticly and msr'pirrzilily :i:.
their own lJodit‘h, Unless pt‘olilc‘
can feel secure in their ability
to retain the fruits of their labor,
there is little incentive to save
and to expand the fund of capital-
the tools and equipment for produc-
tion and for better living.

The lilll of Rights in the United
States Constitution recognizes no
diutlnctlon between property rights
and other human rights. The ban
against unreasonable search and
seizure covers “persons, houses,
papers, and effects,” without dis—

no Grass Roots office (sob!) but there IS a
Grass Roots box number. So. address all com-
ments, letters, articles, incriminating photos to:
Grass Roots
Box ZOO-FF
1400 Washington Avenue
Albany, New York [2222

funded by ,

 

mandatory (

student tax l l
L___.___J

'.‘

 

properly rig/ifs!”

criminatlon. No person may, with—
out due process of law, be deprived
of "life, liberty, or preperry";
all are equally lrrviolable. Tht
right of trial by jury is asnurcd
in criminal and civil caSes alike.
Excessive bail, excessive fines,
and cruel and unusual punishments
are grouped in a single prohibition.
The Founding Fathers reallmd what
some present-day politicians seem
to have forgotten: A man without
property rights-without the right
to the product of his own labor-
ts not a free man.

These constitutional rights all
have two characteristics in common,
First, they apply equally to all
persons. Second, thcy arc, with-—
out exception, guarantees of free-
dom or immunity from governmental
interference, They are not asser-
tions of claims against others,
indiVidually or collectively. They
merely Bay, in effecr, that there
are certain human liberties,lnclud-
mg some pertaining to property,
which are essential to free men
mu upon which the State shall
not 'irrfring:.

Now what about the sci—called
human rights that are represented
:n superior to property rights?
What ahour the “right” to a job,
the “right” to a standard of living,
the “right” to a minimum wage
or a rrrrrxrmum Work week, the
“'rlghl” lo a "fair" priCe, the
‘t'ight" to bargain collectively,
.llt' "right" to security against
the adversities and hazards
it life, such an old age and dis-
.ibilrty'?

i‘lrc- framers of lllcf (.‘JlltilllUli'iil
\tould hich been astonishcd
to hear these tirinits spoken
of as rights. They are not im-
munities from governmental com-
pulsion; on the contrary, they
are demands for new forms of
governmental compulsion. They
are not claims to the product
of one’a own labor; they are,
in some if not in most cases,
claims to the products of other
people's labor.

Tlierse "human rights" are indeed
differed” from property rights,
for they rest on a denial of the
basic cont:qu of property rights.
They are not freedoms or immu-
nities assured to all persons alike.
They are Hpecial privileges con—
ferred upon some persons at the
expense of criteria. The real dis-
tinction is not betwueri property
right» and human rights, but be-
ch-eri equality of protection from
gowrnmentnl compulsion on the
one hand and demands for
the eiterclrae of such compulsion
for the bemEﬁ of favored groups
on the other.

~~~.m.«w~.:

 

