 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- The. Silent. Epidemic...

«mum-a...-

‘ Vii. Exploited

the Air

continued from page I
for the first time.” This is the test
for syphilis only, it tells nothing
about gonorrhea. The only way
that gonorrhea can be diagnosed
is by culturing the urethal or
vaginal discharge. As many girls
show no symptoms, any girl who
is sexually active with more than
one partner will want to be
tested regularly.

The diagnosis of syphilis de-
pends on the stage of the disease

‘ present. In the primary stage the
doctor can take a specimen from

‘ the sore on the body and look at
' it in the microscope. In the
secondary stage he does the
blood test, the VDRL. If there is
any reason to believe the bac-
teria has infected the nervous
system, he will test the spinal
ﬂuid. This test is done in the
teritary stage of the disease also.

from dirty towels, toilets, door
handles or lifting. Presently, it is
the most prevalent communi-
cable disease In the United
States. As a contagious disease it
Is subject to public health laws
concerning the reporting of
these diseases. When someone
goes in for treatment and is
found to have either one of the
two diseases, he or she must be
asked for the names of the peo-
ple with whom they have been
intimate. This is not being asked
to pry into others' lives; it is to
prevent any further spread of
the disease. No one can be
forced to give the name of peo-
ple with whom they have been
intimate, but giving it does in-
crease the chances of finding and
curing active cases. When the
health workers approaches the

that he may have syphilis or
gonorrhea, but there is no men-
tion of how the health worker
got his name. The importanceof
going to a clinic for a test and
treatment are what the health
worker wants to stress.

VD has a social stigma because
of the way in which it 'is trans-
mitted. Yet as contagious disease
it effects the community much
as T8 and scarlet fever use to.

None of the mentioned preven-
tative measures will ever wipe
out VD or alleviate the suf-
ferings which it causes. This can
be done only by each one as-
suming his individual “sex
responsibility" and developing a
respect for himself and for
others. Basic human powers can
create bad effects as well as great
ones. Can anyone stretch the

continued from page I

'ious ro am Is financed by the state itself. It
FE; :gghsxggltto sulfsidige laboratory facilities, thus easing the
financial burden on those who may have the disease but are uname
to pay high laboratory fees to be properly diagnosed.

There are direct benefits from this particularprogram here at
SUNYA. Students--even those without health insurance-can be
checked and treated for free at the ini'irmary. thanks to the subSidy,

The state has also hired twenty-four indwrduals _who have the job
of confidentially interviewing those infected With V.D. tracking
down anyone who may also have been infected by that person and

' ' er to seek treatment.
ur(%?5ehir:d:drldinig to Albany County health ofﬁcials. infected men
will seek treatment and not bother to inform their female contacts.
“There is a dismal lack of concern for the female partner In many
cases," said one official, "and hopefully, using these ‘tracers wm
hat."

hegifigil‘sgiie also) quick to emphasize the total confidentialityof
the interviews. "The state is very sensitive about being charged with
interfering in someone’s private life,” Vandermeer explained. An
information is strictly conﬁdential.”

SUNY once again stands to benefit from this aspect of the
one of the newly hired workers will be partially availablc

meaning of love or acceptable
human behavior to include
transmission of VD?

person whose name has been program;
given as a possible source of

infection, that person is told

VD, highly contagious, is
transmitted mainly by sexual
contact. It cannot be gotten

WWW
REMEMBER THE QUESTIONMRES YOU FILLED OUT IN THE CC LOBBY AND
ON THE DINNER LINES LAST WEEK?

YOU ASKED FOR IT!

OCO

Sat. September 30
Tickets go on sale, Monday Sept. 25 in CC Lobby

with tax and ID with proof of 18
F
$3.00 general admission $6.00 YOU GOT IT.

$4.00 reserved floor seating $7.00 ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BE THERE!

to the infirmary and will be used “when the need arises" as u
caseworker or to speak to students about the veneral (llSL‘ast!
problem. .

The final part of the state program provides funds for a broad
educational effort. A campaign is underway to urge women to
undergo lab tests for gonorrhea as part of,a general checkup,
hot-lines are being set up in large cities so interested parties of both
sexes know where to go for information and material is being sent to
physicians to “get their index of awareness up (about the problem or
venereal disease ). "

New York State is also working with large drug companies in an
attempt to establish educational programs for junior high and high
school students. This may ultimately prove to be the most beneficial
part of the program. Ironically, the curriculum must be taught on n
voluntary basis; unlike several other states, New York has no law
mandating the inclusion of ver'.eral disease prevention and detection
information in classroom curriculum.

Though it is hoped this large‘scalc scanning, treatment, nnll
informational campaign will prove successful, the increase in VCnL‘l’IE’II
disease cases in upstate New York this year is still twicc the Sili’ of
any other peak year.

On a broader national and international scale, the outlook for
gonorrhea control through preventive vaccine looks bleak; it is ill
least five years away. And without massive amounts of mom-y for
research, even that goal seems a hopelessly optimistic one.

CONCERNS TABLE

Well...

 

 

 

Sat. Sept. 23 ot Activities Doy
Mon. Sept. 25 from IO - 2 in the CC Lobby

BRING YOUR QUESTIONS
ON ANY AREA OF CAMPUS LIFE

*food service *residence halls

* student activities * security
at parking facilities *mointenonce

it od nouseum

sponsored by campus center governing board

funded by student lnx

 

Faerie Rican Demands Siillllp in"

by Carol Blackley

What ever happened to the
demands and resolutions made
at last February's day-long con-
ference between the students
representing the Puerto Rican
studies program and members of
SUNYA's administration?

The demands voiced by Puerto
Rican studies students called for
a Puerto Rican studies depart-
ment to be established at
SUNYA by September 1972,
with three professors, two grad-
uate assistants, a secretary, clerk
and receptionist to be hired.
Independent ofﬁce space was to
be available to the department.
Also it was demanded that a
Pucrto Rican be appointed to
serve on tho Equal Opportunity
Advisory Committee, and that
the number of Pucrto Rican
FLOP. counselors increase.

After hours of deliberation, a
resolution was drawn up and
signed by President Louis Benc-
zct, Vice-President Phillip
Sirotkin, Dean I. Hunsberger and
Interim Associate Dean Kcndalla
Birr.

As a result of this meeting and
agreement the following changes
have been implemented at the
university this fall:

Mr. David Martin, assistant
vice-president for academic af-
fairs, said that a search commit-
tee of faculty and students was
formed to find a leader for the
Puerto Rican studies program. A
man Was chosen for the position
and an offer was extended to
him but no response came from
this of’er. Mr. Martin said, “We
assumed he decided not to join
us." Since this man had been the
committee‘s ﬁrst choice, they
are now in the procass of look-
ing for another prospective pro-

"...o conclusion to the Puerto Rican demands and resolutions is still being sought.”

Last February, l’ucrlo Rican Students and the Administration ncl

gram director.

In the absense of a regular
director, Antonio Perez, who
was coordinator for Puerto
Rican studies last year, has been
administering the program as an
instructor and interim director.

When a regular head for the
program is ﬁnally found he will
be responsible for working to
obtain department status for the
Puerto Rican studies program.

Two part time faculty staff
members have also been hired to
help teach the six Puerto Rican
courses offered this fall. They
are Edna Acosta, who was an
E.O.P. counselor last year, and
Mrs. Elia Hidalgo dc Christensen
who formerly taught at the
University of Pucrto Rico,

This fall the Pucrto Rican stu-
dies program has been given of-
fice space and a position for ii
secretary in the Social Science
building. They are also nblc to
hch a part time typist. Prcsidcnl
Benezel. has transferred $1000
from his discretionary funds into
the Puerto Rican studies account
for ofﬁce supplies and services.

Dr. J. Frederick VolkWein,
Assistant Dean of Graduate
Studies, said that to the best of
his knowledge, 14 graduate as-
sistantships and fellowships were
awarded by the Ofﬁce of
Graduate Studies to Pucrto
Rican students and 10 havo been
accepted thus far.

Assistant Vicepresident David
Martin said, in regard to he
Puerto Rican demands for in
creased E.O.I’. counselors, "We
received permission from outside
authorities to employ counselors
beyond our normal ratio in
E.O.P.” He explained that there
is one full time Pucrto Rican,
Mrs. Yolanda Rodriguez Peta,

resolutions. Conclusions to these demands are still vague.

who has been newly appointed
as a counselor. She is presently
one of eight E.O.P. counselors,
but there is a vacant ninth posi-
tion which has been earmarked
to be filled by a Puerto Rican,

And lastly, letters were recent-
ly sent out to‘ SUNYA faculty
members asked to serve on the
Equal Employment Opportunity
Advisory Committee. This year
there will be a Puerto Rican
representative on this commit-
tee.

How do the Puerto Rican stu-
dents on campus feel about
these changes? I spoke with
several students and learned
their reactions.

One student, a member of the
Puerto Rican search committee,
asked why action wasn't taken
much sooner to obtain a full
time director for the Pucrto
Rican studies program. “Why
did they (Dean I. Moycr Huns-
berger and Dean Melvin Berri)
wait so long'.’ They should have
acted on a second choice man."
The students felt since the man
to hold this position was to be
responsible for implementing
and directing so much in a
Puerto Rican department that
the administrators should have
acted sooner to deﬁnitely fill the
position.

In regard to the two purl time
Puerto Rican faculty staff
members hired, a studan com-
mented, "They really only hired
one additional person because
Edna Acosta was employed here
last year." The students were
concerned that two intended
courses in Pucrto Rican history
and politics were dropped be»
cause there were no professors
to teach them.

As to the Puerto Rican office,

to discuss several demands and

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1972

 

Food Workers Slate

Abnnl .wvr-nly hIJlIIl‘llI l'nnll
si'rvn'c wurki-r's Illi‘l 'I'ur-sdny to
discus.» lln-ir Worker's ()rgunizu-
Lion. Al'lr-r brief discussion the
stndr-nls agreed to moi-l, within
i‘liCll ol' Illt'll‘ respective food
Sl‘l'VlCi‘ inan With tlli! goal of
having another L‘lllnptlS‘wldu
nil-cling again nch ’l'ucsday

The organization was (sour
blushed lusl your to givo student
workers in greater voice in dis-
cussing tln-n' gricvunccs with the
Faculty Student ASSUCIIILIIIII.
Members of the ()I'ﬂullltlttlt)“ did

A meeting of FSA student
workers is scheduled for
Tuesday at 8:00 PM in the
Fireside (People’s) Lounge.
All FSA workers are urged
to attend.

Meeting

inch last year with Norbert
Zahm, an FSA official The
students meeting 'l‘ucmluy Ilupt-

that their representatives, yet to
lll‘ chosen, will mch again With
FSA ofﬁcials this semester

Grievances were not discussed
at length, but some workers
were upset over the now incul
dchctions begun llllti year.
Petitions will be picpnrrd for
students wurkcrs' slgllnluri'h

All student food ni‘erCt'
workers arc asked to attend
Tuesday at 5:00 pm.

 

 

one girl said that at present the
interim director was working out
of the Inter-American Studies
office and had not been noved
to a new office. She said they
did not have a secretary and that
the part time student who was
employed there worked for Dr.
Frank G. Carino who was Di-
rector of Inter-American studies
and chairman of the Puerto
Rican Search Committee-“No
one is pushing to get things done
for us."

A Puerto .Rican student felt
that the administrators were not
searching very hard for Puerto
Rican EOP counselors. She ex-
plained that the one counselor
employed this year was a stu-
dent at SUNYA last year. They

feel that the committee which is
to choose another counselor is
not functioning well and that
more advertising should be done
to fill the vacant position.

And lastly, concerning the
Puerto Rican chosen for the
Equal Empl0yment Opportunity
Committee, the students feel it
is unfair that since only four
Puerto Ricans are employed by
the University that the person
asked to serve will feel forced to
accept because there are so few
people to fill such positions.

in summary, as seen from the
above conflicting viewpoints, a
conclusion to the Puerto Rican
demands and resolutions is still
being sought.

Council Unfreezes
Torch Budget

by Ellyn Stemberger

One of the first orders of business at last week's Central Council
mr-cting was a discussion of the new parking regulations. Vice-
Presidentdack Hartlcy and Jim Williams, Security Director, were
present at the invitation of the Council to answer a battery of
questions. The reasons given by Hartley 8: Williams for the new
instituted regulations were safety, equity, aesthetics, and expense.
Now that campus security has the authority to collect fines and a
tow truck for moving cars, the rules will be enforced. There IS still
some question as to the legality of these rules so the effective date
has been moved back to early October. Hartley said that all written
suggestions concerning these regulations that he receives before 5:00
pm. today will be brought before the University Council for conside-
ration,

After committce reports and the President's report, old business
was attended to. President Lampert vetoed a bill passed last week to
unfreezc the Torch budget. Lampert vetoed the bill for what he
claimed was a “time consideration" in establishing a committee to
rcvicw Lhc anr'h. He said that the technicalities of the bill prevent
the override ol' illl‘ vcto that Chairman Stokcm asked for. Eric
Lonschcin stopped in to sch l'urthcr debate by making a motion to
suspvnd the agenda and considcr bill 727313. This bill, introduvcd
by (llcnn von Nostitz and linrry I)liV|b was similar to the previously
valor-(l bill. 'I‘Iii- dil'fcrcnci- was lhnl no committcc invostigution of
tho ’l'orr'h was t'nllcrl for This bill was [)nssi‘d 12] In favor, l opposed,
:nirl | illihil‘lilluli.

(‘ouin'il now I'i'llll‘llt'tl lo Ihi~ ilul'llllu .rnd ('hnrimnn Siokcm
Willirlivw his motion Ill rrlviinli- llll‘ \‘r-lir (‘ulirir'il pilnhl‘d lhr‘ ncxl
lull Ir-nlling Ior llio inrlrv-r-unu ul Illl' 'I‘ou'li photography linc)
llll.illlillli|l.\l\ .niil .l "wlnli- Imllul \\;i.\l‘ll'1il(li’il '1'”er I‘Jdilor Chow
um plum-«l \\llI| lll|\ lull .lh |..rnip-~ii .issuii-rl lbw ('ouncil thnl I‘li'
\\’UllIiI \lL’ll rl In'ul Ilinn: Ill Ill“ rinniiinp l'liou Mllil lliul IIH‘ l'iiltl
\\1'.|Ill|‘l ‘.\’llll'll |.\ l'iilllIIlL‘ I.i:.l null mum» him in “miss many good

\hulx” II In- Il.l.‘~ lHi Illlli

.\ lnll \lllillillli'll run-In-r by I..’|Illpl‘ll in nnii-nd lln- (lrgnnlznlron Ilii‘
I‘:Kl't'llll\‘i' lirnni-h wn,» rlr-l'i-nli-d Iii IIlI‘II‘ discussion of lhc bill.
l'nnni'il piilllll'll uni llnrl Illl‘ Hindi-n1 Association is bcvonnng loo
Inigo and is i'l‘l‘ililliu n grr-nl llIi‘l'ill’('llll‘iiI burr-nunrncy. ()Illl't‘h
connlvrvrl lhnl SA is big and Ill‘i'(l.~. illi‘ pmpcr organization to work
r-l'l'mi-iilly The final VUIi' was it II) luvrir, ll opposed, and Ti
nbslmlilions. By [his poinl in IIH‘ i-VI-nnig, (fr-niral Council gnvr- llil-
Illlpl’l‘hhlllll Lhnl II was working on zin anti Imnipcrl basis. The scortI
aloud (lnunr-rl 1i, lininpvrl l.

NI‘W busnn-ss slum-ii wrlh tln- Conslilutionul Ann-ndments intro-
(Illi‘t'll by K")! Slokcin. 'I'hc iimcndniciils (‘ililt't‘l‘lll‘d impeachment,
won”, and dismissal of Sludi-nt Assocnition officers l'Irlc Lonschein
introduci-d an nrni-ndini-nl to climiiiutc the power of Council to
I‘Xpl'l its own members. The motion passi-d rim-r a lengthy discussion
nliuul holding n rcfr-rcndum on the question.

'l‘ln- ni-xl lirtli'r of business was Si-niorily l'rc-Iicgislrulion. Mlltc
l.;nnpr-rl IllLrlNlUi't'd a bill for non Council nicnibcr Sandy Lufti
willl‘ll l)l'U|)U.‘~il'(l Llinl Contra] Council cndorsc Seniority Pr-irltcgis
lrrilion and urgv illl' Registrar to adopt this system. Bandy explained
LIII‘ bill to IIH‘ Council and after questions and discussion, the
motion was paw-d

Al a Very latc hour, I‘II‘IC Loner-Join Introduocd an unscheduled bill
concerning the budgets of thr- SA mvdln groups (WSUA, ASI’,
Sir/cul/lrc, Torch, and Grassroots). The motion promised that use of
income nbovc the income line he rcturncd to those groups. After a
contradictory discussion during which Al Sonia, editor of the ASP,
nllltl be based this yi-nr's budget on plus use of income and Lampcrt
hind that that was “bullshit” because “everyone was informed" of
the discontinuation of this practice. the bill was voted to be moved
to consideration by Finance Coniiiiittcc.

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

