 

/

 

 

 

By Bill' Brina
This weeks's . mailbag brought
in a few interesting albums and a
near-record number of totally
worthless ones. Some of the
bummers ﬁrst: Macondo’s debut
LP (Atlantic SD7234) bounces
and rattles on and on...and end-
lessly on. This is the sort of
Muzak that could give Afro-
Latin percussion a bad name
again; the congas go bonk-a-
chonk-chonk for forty minutes
straight while assorted guitars,
basses, and keyboards noodle
aimlessly on top. The musicians
of the band had to write 9 of the
10 trgcks themselves and, need-
less to say, they couldn’t write,
either. The only track that's
passable is their rendition of
Tito Puente's “Cayuco,” on
which they ascend to the level of
a bad Santana imitation. Anyone
into Latin music is hereby 8d-
vised to avoid this and all similar
rip-offs aimed at the Anglo
market; wrote Fania Records in
NYC. for their catalogue and
get yourself some of the real
thing.
Vinegar Joe(Atco SD7007) is
apparently another of the latest
wave of off-the-wall English
bands currently seeking fame
and fortune in America
(Silverhead, Gary Glitter, the
Pink Fairies, and Amon Duul II
are some of the others). None of
them are likely to be more than
flash-in-the-pan one-month sen-
staions, but VinegarJoe doesn't
seem likely to even get that far.
The vocals are anonymous and
the playing is pedestrian even for
English pop; the arrangements
are uneven and the lyrics cute-
sy-weird. Equipment supervision
was credited to Wooly Bear,
Bluto, and Count Vorga. Had
enough???

Kenny Rankinlus anotherLP out:
this one's on Little David
(LD1003), an Atlantic Custom
Label that is evidently devoted
to recording ex-junkies (the only
other Little David release I can
remember hearing was Dan Cas-
aidy's debut album). What Little
David is doing is a noble en-
deavor, but as a sarcastic friend
of mine was fond of saying,
“The only thing worse than jun-
kie music is ex-junke music."
I’m afraid he was right. This
album is full of truth, hope, the
rich earth, the human experi-
ence, the dream, strength, faith
and love, and all of it’s appropri-
ately sweet and touching. A
good dose of this is enough to
send any intelligent cynic rum-
maging thru his record pile to
ﬁnd some early Velvet Under-
grounduall harsh snarling electric
edger-with which to wipe this
treacly perfume out.

AND SOME OF THE BE’I'I‘ER
STUFF:

Danny O’Keefc is currently
riding the charts with his “Good
Time Charlie's Got the Blues"
and, true to form, it's the open-
ing cut of “O’Keel'e” (Signpost
SPB404). Fortunately, the rest
of the album is nearly as good. A
full album of Danny‘s voice is a
bit much, but the songs them-
selves are ﬁrst rate and the back-
ing work is excellent, particular-
ly the pedal steel guitar of Leo
Le Blane.

lf Danny were to put a band
together with another singcr‘
writer in the same Class then
we’d really see some fine al—
bums, but as it is, this one’s still
quite enjoyable.

cords/Recerds/ReCOrds/Recor,

Commander Cody and the.
Lost Planet Airmen are back
with “Hot Licks, Cold Steel, &
Trucker’s; Favorites" (Par-
amount PAS 6031). The Lost
Planet Airmen are really three
bands in one. One‘s a rockabilly
band headed up by Billy C.
Farlow and I find it the least
enjoyable of the three; Billy C. is
a punk to end all punks, the
music is primitive, and the atti-
tue Neanderthal. The second is a
straight country band headed up
by guitarists Bill Kirchen and
John ’I‘ichy and it‘s an authentic
enough Outfit to make a real
trucker cry into his beer. lf

MILLHOUSE on 1h

The devastating film biography
of Richard Nixon. “Millhouse:
White‘ Comedy," will be shown
at:

7:30 and 9:15
October 22 - Sunday
Lecture Center 18

The film was produced and
direclcd by Emile dc Antonio,
who describes il as “in llrc tradi-
lron of llrc Mrrrx Brothers." ii is.
however. rr thoroughly authentic
doclimcril, compiled from news
lilrrr foolzige of llrc cniire Nixon
czrrccr.

it amounts [0, said cartoonisl
Jules Fciffcr. “u zapped porlrrril
of Nixon frorii Voor’liis lo Vici-
nrrm: purl crimp. purl llorrilioii
Algcr Illll .rrriuck» llrc dark side of
llrc Alllt'rlL‘Jll drcrrrii."

"Nothing so comically gro-
Icsque as Nixon's irrrrislormrrliori

“Mama Hated Diesels" isn’t re-
leased as a c&w single then
Paramount has no ’brains, and if
it doesn’t make the top 10 coun-
try charts then the world has no
heart. Weepy pedal steel, heart-
throbbing ﬁddle, and a properly
woeful trucker’s tale work to-
gether to make this a classic of
the genre.

But it's the third Airmen band
that rocketed Cody 8; friends to
success. That band is the col-
lective product of all of their
fertile imaginations; it's the hill-
billy freak band that gave us
"Seeds & Stems." “Lost in the

into 2r President has happened
since Kaszi‘s hero turned into a
cockroach." said novelist Philip
Rolli. “Millliouse faithfully re-
cords ilial horrible American
mclamorphosis."

Highlighting llrc film are
lengthy excerpts from Nixon‘s
1952 “Checkers” broadcast, a
lengthy defense of his own inle-
grily and an appeal to remain ii
Vice Presidcriliul cundidale. Also
“"31”de is llrc firimus“lusl press
conference" nflcr Nixon‘s defeer
for governor of California in
1902. during which he an-
nounccd, "You won‘t have Nix-
on lo kick rirorrrid anymore."

Among llirrsc appearing with
Nixon in llrc film are Bob Hope,
J. Edgar Hoover. Alger lliss,
Nikita Krlrsclicv. l'lcrbcrl lloo-
ver, rind Dick Gregory.

RecordS/Recor

Ozone," and “Hot Rod Lincoln"
.on the first album. Here we’Ve
got another nover by the Com-
mander. (“It -Should'vs Been
Me"), a hilarious tale that exp
lains: “here I sit, all down with a
broken heart, I took three ben-
nies, and my semi-truck won't
start!" It‘s a measure of art-
school graduate George Frayne‘s
creation of the persona of Com
mander Cody and his band thal
we wind up laughing with, in»
stead of at, the anti-heroes of his
songs. The best art doesn‘t re-
mind you that it's arts at all, and
in that sense the Commander
and his crew are true artists.

e 22nd

The film concludes with errm
on ri Bandstand with Guy l.IIlll
burdo. He relates how he and lil\
wife celebrated the end of World
War ll by dancing to Irirrr
burdo's music and llirri bc llilpr'x
Lonibzrrdo “will still be ilirulirrl
when we end the ricxl \Vlrl "

(‘riiicul reception ol "Mr
lllious" when it opcncd lllsl )c.rr
was almost unanimoust pmr
live. "It is a fine and lrrscrrnrrrrro
political film," wrolc Viricr-rn
Czriiby in The New York rrnrcx
Joriiis Mckas of the Villrrgc Vorr r-
crillcd ll “(be most Clllt'llrllllllIlJ
comedy of the season.“

Tickets for “Millliousc” llrc .r
vuilublc at the campus ccrrir-r
lublc or at the door. Adrnixxrnrr
chrrrgc is $.75 rind procccrlx \\Ill
go lo George Mc(lrrvcrrr\ r.rrrr
puigri.

 

FOOTNOTE

 

 

A. 'l'bc Prcscnl Grading Syslcm: llic normal
grading proccduic lor sludcrils willi lcwcr
lhan 56 degree cicdils is S/U. Airy such Slhlll
sludcril may pclilion scmcslcr by scmcslcr
(or (Ill exception to [his policy and rcccivc
lcllcr grlrdcs (Ali) irislcad, r‘xccpl lor llrosc
courses. graded only on an S/U basis,

Public Notice

 

On October 24, 25, and 26, an OPINION POLL of all students will be held in the Campus Center.

The faculty will also be polled by mail.

 

 

 

 

   

The following questions will be asked of those being polled:

“A”

M lcllcr

_._Ylib

_____YlLS __NO

FOOTNOTE "B"

B. Scrialc Bill 7172-”). lhc riorrii.rl grrrdirig
prorcdrirc (or .ill rrridcrgr'nduulc HllldltlllS
grndcs (A-L). Scrliorrs or'
corirscs, howcvcr, may be dcsigrrulcd by
Dcpnrrrncnls or‘ Schools .rs bcing girrdcd on
.rn Sill lmsis; .rll Silldt‘llh crirollcrl lhcrcnr
wurrld lic so gr‘ddcd, lhrs bcirig llrc orin

c\ccplron lo A-l: grading.

._NO
'2. Would Bill ll) bc improvcd by .rdoplmg lhc Ellinwood .rmcndmcnl (dcscribcd iii

I, Should the University SCHdlC r'cpllrcc lhc currcnl grading syslcm (described in “A” below) by adopting
Bill 36 (dcscribcd in "B" below)?

(1" below)?

FOOTNOTE "C"

Sciinlc Bill 7|7'2-Fio, .rs .rmcndcd (incorer
.rlirig lhc Elliriwoocl .rmcridmenl): llic ri rr
mnl grading proccdrrrc lor .rll lrridcr'gindrrnrr-
sludcrils shrill hc lcllcr grrrdcs (Al). SH
Irons or Lorirscs, howcwr, rir.ry bc dcsigriulcd
by Dt’pdlllllL‘lllH or Schools .rs bcrrig grrrdcrl
on no S/U lmsrs, .rll slridcrils cniollcd llrr‘rr-rn
worrld lic so giridcd. /\drliliorr.rlly, .r sliirli‘lll
may clcu lo bc gr.rdcd ori rill S/U li-ixlx IH
olhcr lour‘scs up to .r maximum of ill) dogm-
crcdils ol llrc I20 icqrrrrcd loi' grudrrrriiori
llicsc crcdils, howcvcr, may riol imply
lowrird llrc major or sccond liclds.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWENTY SIX

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1‘)'/:'

        

Buddy Guy and Junior Wells
Band plus invited guest artists,
will appear at Albany State Uni-
versity (S.U.N.Y.A.) Campus
Gym on Sa/urday, October 28,
1972 - 9:00 p.m. in "An Evening
of Ilre Blues" concert presenta-
lion. General admission is $3.
No one under 18 years of age
admitted without a college l.D.

Tickets available starting Wed-
nesday, October 18 at Albany
State Campus Center. For the
convenience of the community,
lickels will also be available star-
ring Monday, October 23, at:

DeJaVu, Van Curler’s, and
Yahoo's in Albany; Stereo
Sound in Schenectady; The Mu-
sic Shack in Troy; Apex Music

Gray's Elegy

EDITOR 'S NOTE-The ivy is gone, bu! (Ire (owr'r yet stands. And
i! is still the country churchyard of (he elcgi‘ac Thomas Gray. But it‘.,.
no! so "country" any more. It's in who! (hey call “the slockbrriker'S
ball."

by Hugh A. Mulligan
AI’ Special Correspondent

STOKE POP-ES, England

Al’ ‘ Bar'r-ly audibli- above the join whining inlollr‘rrilirowairport,
the curfew still rolls the knoll of parting day in (be little country
churchyard whorr- (irrry WI‘UU‘ his elegy.

There is own an owl or two rnriping about. and il lowing br-rrl al
lhc crossroads, bill the ivy has gone from \‘rinrlr-r ivy-marilled
lower, and now it is lhr: commulr-r‘. ruil (he [)ltHaniln. who
honir’wrird plods his wr-riry way.

"'l u some of lhr' ril'hr-sl rr’al (*slnlr' in England." r'onfidr-d llll‘ llr‘v.
('\'r’i| Harris, VlL'lll‘ of Si. Gill‘s, (he llllli r‘r-nlrrr_\ Norman (’lllll‘t‘ll
\r'hr-r'iv lhr‘ |)l)('l 'l'horrrns (irriy lies buried in (hr' gruwoyard. “'l'lir-y r-ull
ibis llrr- sliir-lllrrrrkl-rs lll‘ll, you know "

l‘hr- r'risl nl (l)ll|ll lirrs illlplll‘l‘lllly Elllll‘ up [no srnr'l‘ rill-pool,
.ll’lillllll .llllllll l'r'frll, ‘l'llllllli’li his qurrirriins Irr Ilrr‘ rrirlr- foi'r'frrllir'ns of
llll\ li.rirrlr-l rnrrlrlr-rrng lwrrr-rrlh (lir-sr- r'rrgrgr-rl wlrria and (he still
llrrrrinu )uw lll'r' 'l‘lrr- rilrl churchyard is I’illr‘rl up (hr‘ Vir'rri' sighed,

“r'lrrxr-rl lri .rIl lllll .« fr>\\' r-l llrc r-lrlr-r p.rrr.\lirrirrrvr». owning rlrrlrbll‘
t1i,r\r‘\ ' lilll .rIl .rilrrrrrirng .llirrcro "(2.rirlr-n rrl lil‘llll‘lnlll'lllK'i‘,”
,rllirir'l.» lrriiml parlour from all llVl’l' llii- worlri

“You'd \vrrnl .r |).l('i\'('| lrr hr- pirl rlovrn how," said Richard

ll.|Wlilll.\, :r lirirrn br~.rrlr*rl swam rrl llll’ grrrr- \vlrrr lll'\l'l‘ll)l_‘(l llllliM‘lf as

.r “burying man."

"i ilori'l dig Ihr- graves," lll‘ r-xplrrrrrr-d, “birl l rlorv». llii- burying. l
lll\\'i‘l'.\ llrr- r‘ol'linx. l'nrrir-s riul lhr- minus and lilﬁt'h ﬁltll‘ll‘ M'lilll'l‘lllﬂ.
'l‘holigh | r'an'l say as l'm vr-i‘y kl‘l‘l] on scrim-ring."

St'lllll‘l‘lllﬂ, lll' I‘irrlbr‘r disclosed his secrets. was rir'llr'zrlr-ly 1r- trib-
lrliiig (,hr- r‘romalvd ashes from rr plastic bag, “Vl'r- llt‘Vi‘l’ touch the
ruiiirriris" on a flower bed or bonreuth a rosr‘ bush. 'l‘lir- squzrrrI old bell
lower, whose llnlllL'nl swells for departed souls from as far away as
Anwrica and Australia, lost is mantle of ivy a few years back when
the brickwork begun to crumble and l‘alI away, The absence of ivy is
almost the first thing tourists notice at Stoke l’oges.

The little village. 20 miles from London. got its name when
Hobcrl Prigrzy, rr Knight of the Shire, pledged his troth to Amiciu
Stoke, the heiress in residence at the medieval manor that still stands
behind St. Giles.

On a recent blustery autumn day, probably very like the ones on
which Lbe poet broodcd over the short and simpll' annals of the
poor, a busload of sightsecrs moved among lilt‘ weathered tomb-
stones and curious wooden gruvc markers, Irkr' fem-v railings, that
date back to Gray's time.

While a helicopter hovered overhead, kr-r-prng count of the
(ironing traffic on thr- ncarby expressway, and ii Jumbo jut climbed
irilri rr fluff of clouds, a Japanese gr-nlli-niari grrrlrrrirlr-rl with cameras
krir-ll to l‘t‘illl rr mossvslainr‘d iriscriplion:

In memory of Mrs. Martha Fry l7iifi Agr-d ll yr-rrr‘s. Whose
l)r-rrth is «lully (sir) lirrmerited.

Sill‘ was :i Mofl Affr-(‘lionalr‘ Wlfl‘. A 'l‘i-nrlr-i‘ Mothr-r. A Sinccr
Friend. Arirl in l‘lvr-ry Ill-spool a Valuable wornrrrr

(Jr‘riy himself, who died of an rrllzrck of golil Willll‘ haying (liiinI-r
in the (Irrriibridgr- (follr-gc dining hall, lies lnrr'rr~d ll) the churchyard
Just a few fuel from tho vast window. llr- sliznr‘s rr \llllllll‘ brick tomb
wilh his aunt and mother, who livrlrl rrl nr-rrrlry Wr-sl End l“lll‘m,
whr-rr‘ he often came for long vrsrls. Ar. llir- only one of lll‘l' l2
r‘hildrr-n to siir'vrvr- infancy, Gray iliscrr-r-lly rrir‘lirril‘ll himself in tho
epitaph lir- wroer for

DOROTHY (lltAY

Wll)()W, the careful, lr-iirlor Mother of many r‘lllllirl'll,

()ll(‘ of whom alone had the misfortune to survrvr' hr-r‘.

She died March ll, l7l'rﬁl

Aged (37

'l'lll‘ ('lllli‘i'll records show he followr-rl, on Aug. ll, l7'll. Agr-d fi-l,

l)ri.~prlv llir- poet's nliirllllllllﬂh about llll' futility of slorirrrl urn
.riirl illllnliili‘ti busl, an enormous monurnr-ril wrilr lllll‘h’ from his
«Ir-“y was err-prod in his memory in l7tlll lll an adjoining rnr-rrrlow.
'l'lro anrorrrrl 'l'r'usl has ll'II‘ti to lump (lrrry‘r. Mr-riilow rrs ruslir' rrrid
~.r~rr-rrr- as whr-ii hr wrrnrlorr-rl more in lorir-ly r-orili-inplrrlion, blil rrsrrs,
lhr~ iririrlllirig r‘r‘owrl's igririliir‘ strifr' ltl'l‘llh binding in

"I‘r-uor- lll'lllllllhllrillll'h sprriyr-(l ririlr Vll‘lllillll slogan.» in blue prrrril
.rll rrvr-r' lirr- irirriiuinr-nl rliir‘lrig ll'll’ l‘J'II lirr'i-iilr-rinlnl rilinl‘i‘vurir'v,’I
llii- Vll'rri' srrrily l‘l'lzrlr'rl. “We had il cleaned, and now ll‘h lluppl'lll‘ll
rrgrirn this your "

'l‘lir' grr'irl slriiir- sarcophagus Willi Ilh llUlllI‘ lllll‘h about the ('()()l
hr-qur‘nlr‘r'll Vllll' ril life is now shrouded iii lill'llllllllllh, uwriitiiig
another visit from [HP sririd blasters. llul prwlrr‘ )unlrr'i- lilllnl' through.
In its shade, lwo hippies from Canada, rl'l‘lliillil'lll Ill tlir-rr sir-oping
bugs, keep the iiriihr‘lr-sa tenor of their wrry.

“ll's pl'ucoful here it” right, if yrru don’t mind tilt! planes,"
conceded l’ulil liriMuinoh of Toronto.

“And those ghastly squirrels," wailrrd llla Irrrly friend, who
preferred to hoop lior rrlentity obscure. “They keep bombarding us
with Chestnuts."

PAGE TWENTY SEVEN

Bar at the Latham Shopping
Center; New Wave Records in
Pittsﬁeld; The Record Rack in
Glens Falls.

American bluesmen have
inﬂuenced today‘s contempo-
rary music and rock performers
in so many ways that a book
would be needed to fully out
line. Yel, in their native land,
rnosl blues writers and perfor-
rricrs have never attained the
recognition of celebrity status
ihrrl their musical contributions
warrant. Janis Joplin, a blues

if

Mahler’s 8 ”'

An Evening of Blues: Guy 8. Junior weirs

copy singer, achieved great suc-
cess with the song “Ball and
Chain.” Yet, few of her Ameri-
can teenage fans of the late ’60‘s
had even heard of, or knew that
it was a rendition of an Ameri-
can blues writer lovingly called
“Big Momma Thornton," who
also penned a big hit for Elvis
Presley - “You Ain't Nothin’ But
a Hound Dog.”

in Europe, bluesrncn such as
John Lee Hooker, Buddy Guy
and Willie Dixon arc greally res-
pected. Yet, they have yet to

gain similar recognition in their
native land. It is for this reason
that a blues music program will
be presented as a community
activity, at SUNYA.

Newsweek -- “Like the mini-
stry, the blues is a vocation,
irresisiable, for better or worse.
Says Wells, “When i was starting,
everyone said, ‘A young man
like you ought to be playing
jazz.‘ But the blues is my life..."

Additional guest artists will be
invited. Public admission is
$3.

 

.

Buddy Guy and Junior Wells build present .4 Ir Evening rrfkluer Saturday, October 28

- Salli or Bernstein?

II \ccriis cvcryoric. lrrlcly, has bccri rrrvrrig dbl)lll llrc
Srilli/(‘liicrrgo recording of (illhlilV Mrrhlcr's Iiighllr
Syriiplroriy. bill I rrirrsi corifcss lhrrl i am nol iir llrc
lcrisl swcpl oll rriy lccl. Adiriillcdly. llrc sound on
llrcsc lwo discs (London ()SA INS) is ruvrsliing.
bril llrcrc is more In iiiukriig g errl riilisic Ilrrirr
roirrpclr‘iil cirgiriccriri).r

llic rccording is slrrrlling iii ils cl:riily. rind
Icrrlirrcs rr solid him linc which rrcvcr Lllllldb llrc icsl
oi llrc orclrcslrrrl rlclrrrls. cvcrr in llrc irizrsscd clfccls
which end llrc syniplioriy's lwri rnovciricnis. 'lhcrc
was srrIIIL’ clrcrilirig. .rs llrc organ and olf-slrigc brass
wcrc rccordcd scpurnlcly rind l.rlci dribbcd ovcr llrc
riirislcr. Always .r hil risky, London srrccccdcd vcry
wcll. iridccd. ()iily orrcc docsllrcorgznrcrrlcr lulc.rr1
llrc cxplosivc icslrrlcnrcnr ol "Allcs Vcrgririglichc" III
lllr‘ (horns My\lir|l\ lorrdorr's crigirrccrs are ob-
vrorrsh' rnorc rornlrirlrrblc rccorrlirig lll llrc Vicriiirr
Solicrrmrl lllllil lll llrc Mcdinrrlr 'lciiiplc III ('lriczigo
l\.\lIL'li' llrc l.l])l'\ ml [in Sllr .rrrrl olh wcrc iiirldclor
llrc rrr'w Krrriirrr'rl ( crrlcr lrr lhbrrrrnrr. llliriois lwlicrc
llrc disastroer I.rpriip rrl llrc llli numcxccirlcdl llil\
l.lll“rl rccordrng lrcrrclils lroiri llrc r'loscncxs ol
lurirloir'x prrsl .rwiriulroii Willi llrrs liiill (Solli's rrcrrr
rlchrrilivc "Ring" recordings wcrc done at llrc
S-ilicrisrrl) As .r |L'L|ill.llill.',, llilh irrrisl ccrlrrrrrly irrrrk
wrlli llrc bcsl on Lilht II is rr crrrr-lril. irrclrclllorrsl)
coinlrrrclcd rrccorrnl ol llrc rrrlrsic. bril llrrrl rails for

.r\ ll goes

"llrc Symphony oi ir 'l'liousrirrd." Ih qrrilc possibly
llrc absolute pinnacle of German Roriiurilicisin,
lcuvrrig cvcri Wrigrici far behind in ils crrroliorirrl
richricss. 'I'liis, l liclicvc. is llrc problem with Solli's
ricw accouill. l scnsc no real involvement in llrc

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

irrricr workings of llrc scorc. ll is superficial and lo
inc. rinrcwurding rrs an irilcrprclriliori. For an ex-
rrrnplc of how (his lllllSSlVL‘ symphony can sound, I
lirrvc lo r:fci you Io llrc four year old recording led
by lcorizrrd Berrrslcin ((‘olrrrnbizr M18 75]). ll was
llcrrrslcirr. who was rnslrrirnciilril (no pliri inlcndcd)
irr llrc Mdlllt‘l rcvrvul of the lure sixlics. While Solli's
cirgirrccis arc llrc inorc successful ol lhc lwo groups,
no whcrc is liciirslcirr‘s rirlcrprclulion outclassed by
\‘rilll

As cxpcclcd. licrrrsicrri‘s is 2r highly personal
reading, which w1ll probably iiol uppcul lo cvcry»
oric. llis willirigricss ro lirigcr on particular dcluils,
and occasional driving of 21 sccliori for dramatic
cl‘l'ccl. is lo in! fur riiorc appealing lliriri Solli's
liilllrrlin iinpulsivcnss

()l llrc pcrlorrricrs llrcriisclvcs, Solli‘s solorsls urc
llrc rnorc szrlrslyirig. llroliglr some sort of clarifying
rcriirrrks should hc rnrrdc lixccplioriul lll bolli
rccordings .rrc llrc lcriors (Rcric Kollo willi Solli,
and John Milclirrison wrlh llcrrislciri) Bcriisicirr's
UlllL‘l srrlolsls rric wry grind, Wllll llrc possible
nccpllrirr oi (iwcnyllr Jones who is hard plii lo
conic rip Wllll llrc slaibilily rcqulrcd by Mahler's
dcrrnrndrrig writing lirrl. lisicriirig Io licr snuggle.
.rrid for llrc rriosl priri \rrccccd. is oric. of llrc rnosr
rcwrrrdrng lislcrririg cxpcricriccs lo bc lirrd, Solli's
orlrcr soloisls rirc srrpcrb (though John Sliiclcy»
()urrk's opcnirig liircs as Peter licslulicus inc prob-
ably the worst (icrniriri dicliori l'vc licrrrd since I
myself rrirrssrrcrcd llrc language in high sclrool).No
one should have any complaints aboul llrc choruses
or orchestras iri ciilicr recording, they are all very
good.

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1972

