 

 

 

‘l
l
i

       
   
   

   

 

 

 

"A Separate

by Teresa Madaffari

A few years ago John Knowles created amicrocosmic world in the
boys’ school of Devon. Outside the struggle was World War ll; inside
the struggle was that of maturing adolescence. Knowles wrote a
sensitive novel about the relationship of two young boys at the
pivotal moment in their growth into men, Larry Pierce has clomped
heavy-footed on this delicate framework and iias almost destroyed
it.

Cashing in on the current wave of nostalgic cinema (Last Picture
Show, Summer of ‘42) is not a fault. A Separate Peace cries out for a
sensitive film interpretaion, it is surprising that it was not made into
a ﬁlm long before. But the material must be cautiously artd subtler
developed, like the two main characters themselves, the story must
grow through its adolescent stage and not spring from child to man

in one reel.

Peercc continually introduces intriguing themes and then drops
them without adequate development or explanation. There is a hint
of homosexuality between the two boys, then we see no more of it.
There is no development or subtlety in the interpretation of I e
characters of the boys, one jumps from iritrovert iriio full blown
psychotic with little explanation.

This is I’eerce‘s main fault irt his direction of the movie a lack of
understanding, a lack of finesse that sltows forethought and iriarks a
successtul director. The audience is not gradually made aware ol
theme or purpose, it is shown in a rather heavy-handed didactic
manner. (‘haracters are types and one or two dimensional at
best the intellect, tlic class birlly. thc introveri. (Ir: lock thn he
does attempt to introduce another facet into a character he docs it
in the same heavy-handed, obvtoits manner. we then have the
tormented intellect, the thXl-nulured rock, etc

How much of this can be dircclly attributed to l’ecrcc's diicctiorr is
difficult to decipher, in order to capture a realistic interpretation lic
ltas chosen two iron-actors for the leading roles thllicr or not this
is a good idea differs with the film and those clioscii. btrt Ill this case.
with these people, it was a definite mistake. At times ll ispaiiifttl to
watclt llcyl and Stevenson ilglilH/Jllg ovci intciprclatioii oi thcn
roles. and failing; at other times it is ludicrous. but most of the lirnc

it is simply boring

it is easy, however, to sit hack and ignoic tlic glaring dciicicncics
oi interpretation and skill and siriiply sympalhi/c with a sentimental
view ol adolescence. But sympathy is riot what is called lot
here empathy is. To Knowles. every iridivrdual iittrst make a
separate peace with himself and the world. and whether this is done
on a battlefield in Central Europe With a real enemy or on a playing
field at a boys school With an imagined one, ii is a crucial step in
human development and iiitisl be taken l’ccrcc rriay have cicaicd a
passable film bill by skirting the issue he has robbed rt oi any impact
and Worth that it rriiglit lizer had,

eace”

bu ag

    

Souther, Geils & Best of Redding

by Bill Brina

First albums by unknown
artists are generally bad news,
but a most happy exception to
that rule is the debut effort of
John David Suuther (Asylum SD
5055). John‘s got a high, lone»
some voice that captures the
country-lion feeling almost perv
fectly, he's got some fine ma-
terial (mostly his own) to work
with, and he gets mellow, care-
fully crafted support. from side»
men Glenn Frey (guitar), Bryan
Garofalo (bass), and Gary Malla-
lu-r (drums). 'l‘here's a strong
resemblance in feel to the I‘Iuglcs
album, and Eagle Glenn Frcy's
presence- as guitarist 2nd arr
ranger-is prominent, but John
David is a better singer than any
of the Eagles are, and his ma
terial avoids the cowboy‘punk
posturing that made the Eagles'
album offensive. "Run Like a
'l‘hicf" mtgltl havc potential as a
single, but all the songs here
stand on their own, For a “('W'
comer, it's an impressive set, aitrl
if you're into this kind of music,
it's well worth your while

##Q‘t’l‘

l'vu been waiting for a live J
(.lcils album for some time now,
so Full Iltltts't' (Atlantic SD
72-11) hit my turntable the nto
mcnl l laid hands on it Unfor-
tunatcly, |l didn't provu to be
the tit-finitch album it should
have l)l'(‘l| The production is the
real problem; the sound is thin,
tritrty, distorted and lacking in

 

 

university concert board presents

 

Jim Dawson -- Mary Travers

 

November 5th

 

in a blanket concert

SUNYA Gym

Doors open at 9 pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

presence to a degree that robs
the performances of the slum-
band impact they must have
had. J. is a notoriously hard man
to work with in setting up the
sound (any number of good
soundmen will grind their teeth
and clench their fists at the more
mention of his name, and they
have good reason to), so the
producers can't be faulted (for
once). Despite that, the album
does have its moments. Steve
Bladd's drumming is excellent.
throughout, J.'s guitar on
"Homework" stings, Magic
Dicky blows some mean harp on
“Serve You Right to Suffer” and
“Whammer Jammer,“ and Pete
Wolf is it show unto himself. He
can‘t sing but that doesn't mat-
ter; he grunts. howls, moans, and
jives nonstop; at uric point art
nouncing “Take off your false
teeth, Mania ..| just wanna suck
on your gums!"

J. Cells l'i'cziks Will ttiirlriulitctl'
ly pick up on this one, and
probably quite a few others vvill
as well. To make the album the
band is capable of, though,
they're going to tit-ed a producer
who both understands the l)tllltl
and cart control (.icils. J. (lcils.
meet Davu Edmund (the r-x
gangster British hard-rocker who
did such an excellent job on his
own album and on Fogliat's
debut this year); after the blood
stops flowing, some really fine
funk might come out.

Once chry few ycars an artist
comes along whom- powcr and
influenci- changes the pttltlic's
musical wrtli thr- slicer
drer and vitality of his tit'l Hitch
a innit was -()lts Rudding, mort-
lltari any titan before or siiir'c, be
defined soul lit-caust- he was

   

m

 
 

   

E

a I . HelDUnIellTheWar. 801903.F.D.R. Station. New Vork. N.V.10022
3 $2.50 With tax and D $5.00 With ID

'<

nude/ii!“

--$=--- - “ -- ---- - ---- -oooooooooooooooooooooooooo

The money we spend
an llietnnm tnuld
drum up the Hudson.

limerini.

Write your Congressman today.

soul. When he first surfaced in
the early sixties, he was con-
sidered too earthy to be exposed
to the American mass audience.
so producer Phil Walden brought
him to Europe, which has always
been ahead of America in pick-
ing up on the best in American
black music, where he literally
mesmeri'Led the Continent with
the power, drive, and control of
his singing. As tltc underground
started to suface here, Otis re»
turned and began to meet with
more and more enthusiastic re-
ceptions, culminating in his in
credible performance at thr-
Monterey Pop Festival. Shortly
thereafter, tragedy struck his
private plane crashcd on the way
to it show, and Otis, just on the
verge of a breakthrough that
would haVe made his name a
household expression, was dead.

All of which brings us to NW
Iicsl of (His Itr’rlrling (SD
2-Htil). Jllsl released by Alco
Atlantic Almost arty album put
out by Otis could qualify as
“the bust, I've never heard ti bad
track by him. and "Vi: never
heard onc that didn't hich some
special hook to catch and hold
tltc listr-iit-r', so you really can't
go wrong buying any (or even
alll of his releases, but Atco did
a fine job anyway in selecting
“the bust of the best" for [his
set i Would have made a coupli-
of changes I'd ltavv put in llll'
“l.ivv at tin-Whiskey"
"I ('aii‘t Turn You Loose“ in
preference to the studio cut, aiirl
something off the Moritcrcy
tapes should have been included,
but these are inrnor nurbbli-s if
you don't have a full Otis Red
tlirig collcr'tioit already, this is
the |)lllt't' to start.

version of

      
       

 

PAGE TWELVE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1972

 

 

 

 

 

Albany Symphony Plays Again

by Andy Palley

but, on the whole, it went over very well.

With Rachmaninoffs Rhapsody on a Theme of

I used to call it blind luck whcrtever the Albany
Symphony played a concert arid made music at the
same time. Sometimes they were great htit they
were always inconsistent. Now. i am happy to
announce. they are beginning to move away from
the old inconsistencies into a higher form of
playing, where most corierts are good and pisi a few
are “flat.”

came through.

Paganini came Findlay Cockrell and a new sense of
purpose. THe orchestra played as if they were really
interested in the music. Cockrell played with a sense
of style of which only few are capable. The piano he
played on sounded a bit muddy. and should have
been miked. btii the "devilish" effects of the music

‘ Mr. ('ockrcll‘s rnastciy of the work was cvideril at
Last Saturday 5 concert at the Palace Theater was every turn even

where he forgot a transitory

well—conceived and well-executed it was dcsrgncd. passage in the cadeitla. He went back over it twice
by its program, to pack the houxc lindlay ('ockicll tounrl his way. and wcrti on. leaving his rnisiake
“he Plum) 30"“51 llli” “Hill” (11“ \leb' ltlltlil Lt cloaked in secrecy Almost nobody knew that there
good-sized crowd all by hnnscil but ill llll\ casc hc \sax .rnvtliing amiss at all!

was helped by Stravinskvs l‘ll't‘lili‘r/ .tlltl istirar
kowsky‘s Put/it'liquc Symphom
The Fire/1m] opciicrl tlic c\‘ciiiiig llic t't'ltt' [Lts

Ihc i'iIIiltusis, the Ilowrng melodies all were lust
bcautrlul llcgyr loigol that lrc conducch l5iicbird

SUE“ 1” ll” lm‘l lcw m" “""H "C" “V” lli" \H rh\|_\. and goulcd ihc R.n|iinanrnoffwrth a ftill

tromboiies slirotiding thc rumbling l\.i\\ lint-s lti Rummm ,(HHHl

mystery. l’lriiising. soiiicthing lliii\l pt-oplc patienc-

biit don't talk about. \tas cvcri llilrillgliriiii 'Ihc

lhc lainous rnclorly at Variation

h‘ \\.ls dclrniicly .l high poiiii of Ilic cvcniiig.
V Alter thc intcrinissrou. it \vasall lscliaikovsky Of
only problem wrtlr the lost two movements oi ihc 0mm “cmmc

Wits ciithrallcd at the lilting

Smle' “5 I saw lhcm‘ was Hm (‘l'ldllklm 1mm“ pliiascs. the Russian rhythms. thc cnvrgoratirig

i'legyi's interpretation was decidedly uncmoironal

march. arid the deathly silence at the end. Like

“9 conducmd F’rcbmj “5 “"C W‘mld “‘"ll‘lk'l li‘li'l clockwork. the audience burst iiiio auPlatisc al'tcr
SlmVlnSkyre‘W” llll’uill' “Will/“I “ ‘l W“ "’“N'H'V the third movement. and sat for seconds upon
Wl’rk The (’Vcr'ull 5””“d “"43 k'll-‘l‘ “"1 l“\l' A sccondx ol uitci tranquility alter the fotiiili move-

iiiatter for personal tastes. I suppose
But why, after such bcaiiiriul playing. did the

incnt ll I sound cynical. ii is hcctiltsc I‘ve had my
fill of the 'lscliaikouky mystique. and am bored by

orchestra lose their concentration duriinI ilic llllltl Jinn,“ CWIVHHW m. “mu.

movement (The Infernal [)aiirr' of lung kin/r/rrii’
The Dance was sloppy and full oi llll\l;tl\t's and |

Ihc orchestra did not sound boicd though They

especially missed the bassrmn ltllls at No I.‘ \ou played .1, m.“ A, u“, mum “In.” Ihc”, 1,, mm

see. the audience doesn't lx‘riou \\ll.|l Ihc |Iill\ .ric

lhey piI/icatocd. Ihcit lcgatocd. ilicri phrased to

like “Hill “NY hh” llll-“l Wll.‘ ltd“ “It”! UH" pcrlcciioii lhcic was no lighting over the beat it]

Other titan tliai. ilic Dance went by so tau that IlllL'

tlic lopsrrlcrl \ccoiid tlltl.’t'lllt‘lll \vall/ It sounded

wasn't even sure one heard ll .n all What curring ppm-1”] Am] mummy 1‘th “mg muwumn w“,

.., .
music. luisk. although it lliiglii have been a bit too brisk lor
Alter the Dance. everything went \tcll again llIL‘ thr- strings lliL' brasscs couldn‘t cover up all the

bassoon solo sotindcd scared. ian llll' horn p.issa,c
after it was exquisite 'lhc l‘lllttlL‘ th\ donc wcll

mistakes in the runs
Again. ('orulucioi llcgyi \t't'tttt‘tl to havc the light

most conductors add tympani \lttl/.tl|tllt\ into the .ippiriatli to lllt' inusic.alihough Who‘gio say what‘s

Purl5~ bl” llciiyl duk‘lllcd 11‘” l“ tl" W lllk‘ll' \H‘H' right oi iiol llic \yiiipliuiiy made sense to this

other things about the I‘L‘lltlllllillltt' to illlllililt' with hot-nu and that's what counts

Atelier's Film Study Program

in a program that is ilusigitr-rl In
itii'ililatc llit' |i’:ill\lt‘i oi colling-

At a time when i'ollcgiatt- film
studies have bcr‘ri ('Lll'lilllt'll be
cause of economic pi'r-ssurcs on r-rvrlrts l‘aul (ii.r\ liarl hcarlml
the curriculum, rin Littttsnrrl I'ilm tll'lml'ltllt'IILs .rt lll‘tllliilglllll
opportunity is; being iil'l'crt-il to (‘rilli-gr- ill \'i-ritioiit and .il thr-
studt-nts around the country to l'nrtcmtc tlll Noun-nu Monrlr- ill
study film fora lcrntal llll‘ (ii.i\ ll.tt||t' Ncrirlal. Surl/a-rlnrirl lll‘
l’ilm Atelier lit llririsit'k l‘ulls. liitt' luuinlriig tlic .‘\ti-lrcr llr
New York. The Ati-lir-r, a molnl-r has i‘untrrlniinip litlitoi oi thr-
filnt producing and study unit lul..n-- lli.rtii.r lit-\n‘u i I‘llllr ltIl

WltiL'h has crtgitgcrl iii proicr'ts in t \“.l|\ rliiiiiip \\ll|lll ltllll' lll'
lUs, (lrtrot’c rrnrl iii lii’trssI-ls l‘~ t‘tlill'tl llt- \wll himytir l"ll|tl
itow working out of lllt'li' Il't't‘lil |--.nv
ly coiriplctc barrr studio rival the lit. slitilt'rils .rt lltt' Alvin»
Vermont boidcr :.ul\ all |Il|.t.t . oi ltllit inalrun-
It is now possible for culli-gi “'II: .ult lit withing \\Illt r
students to study lllllIIIInlIt-i plot... with turnout-w on llir
lttll timr- for iiilt' or moi.- ll‘tlli \.|ItIHi'. rpt'tl «it prorluriroo

gtitiiiiiIiIIiIiIIiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig
theatre council presents:

City Center Acting (‘0.
(l'oimcrly, llit' lttlltaitl airing (or
in three performances-
Thurs. November 2 - l '. H. A.
Friday, November 3 -
School for S ‘aridal
Final Performance: Nov. 4 —
The Hostage

 

All Performances - 8:30 pm in PAC
Moin Theatre All Seats $3 per show, $l

=stu a... i... With tax. Phone 457—8606
r‘Tllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|llllllllllllllllilllllllllll
______________,.__

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, [972

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllll

E
a
I

Eflllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllll

 

and by shooting tlir-ir own carr-
l'ttlly crritslr‘uctcd r-xt'i'r'isr-s
Among thccui'rr-rtt pl'tl]t't‘l.s at lltl'
Alt-lit-i' tllt‘ .i work bust-d on llll‘
nit-as oi the famed llritish
psychiatrist. ii I) lariiig, and
another la) a l’tilit/.cr Print an
Ihoi 'l'ltc r-rnpliiisis lil‘llltltl all
.\ll|tl|l'.\ is ilic r‘cnli/attiriii of a
lilitt by llit' siiitttllniir-ritrs \\‘lll‘l\
ing lllll oi its .rr-slltt-tir' and

technical prolilcrtrs

Students iiitcrr-sti-il Ill iiilointa
lllili t‘tllit'l‘llllllu ricxi lt'llll
-huulrl \\rrlr- llit' (iray l"iliit
/\ll'lll'|. I'll ltrix hill. llctiiiiiig
lllli \l'l'nltrlll llli'Jtll

r—_——_—-—-----

iPROCOL

FEngVAL-PRESENTS

STEELEYE SPAN

also

TlR-NA-NOG

Guy—Wells Band

by Kevin Daniels

The Guy-Wells Blues Band has
a history of Blues Roots which is
as- much a part of urban blues as
any other band in Chicago to-
day. 'l‘hcrr roots are well-
r-stablrshcd but, unfortunately,
the city of Chicago doesn't pro-
vrdt‘ it strong source of income
for their rosidcnt artists. So what
now is- happening is that the
butter known of thesi- urban
artists arc coming out onto thr-
collcgt- circuit. Quite on contrast
front the nitivclub circuit, the
college patronage, for the most
piirt, is ulll‘ti”, bttt "pseudo"
blues freaks. who clamor for the
“True Blues." Since the money
is right, the artists comi- out and
play, but often thc endorsement

of "Boogir" by the audience is
so otil of place that it really is art
outright shame. This was clearly
the casi- last Saturday when thr-
titty Wells hand appeared. Noti-

no \|)t‘('lttl gut-sl itrlisls Wcrv
lll'lnsl'lll, aiitl liudrly tiuy sarrl
that ltr- kin-w of tin atlr-rnpt to
obtain one (contrary to postr-rl
iirlvcrtisr-rncnlsl Soittr- proph-
wrll do anything to suit a ticket.

l"or lllt' first tune in all my
i‘KlJl‘I‘it‘lll‘t‘ Willi llit' (luy Wclls

llillltl, tlrr-y compromile thcir

HARUM:

 

 

Thursday, November 2nd 7 pm
PALACE THEATRE - ALBANY

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I innlcrt (but reaper table) number of liclsels at 1.4 {)0
Wtierr none, all tickets will be ‘12‘3 '30
No Hassle Wito Reserved beats Sit Where Vou Like!

 

'l‘iclu-ts now on titlll' rtt Palace Theatre and Van Curlers Music iit
Allnuiy Mllh‘il' Shack 'l‘roy Stereo Sound, Schnectiidy' Littltitm

MUth liar, (lrystrrl Mansion, Saratogti

Tickets available in Campus Center Lobby,

 

Dally trom 11 to 2

talents to the extent of actually
playing Jimi Hendrix and Buddy
Mll(‘s tunes. Never before had
they done this. Admittedly, i
talk with Buddy Guy had hin
saying, "...wul|. some people
always like to dance, so that‘s
what we gave them." Yes sir,
you did, but you copped out.
Buddy. For what you gave them
was not blues, but funky trash
that came off like a very bad
imitation of “starvation blues»
freak prices." The unknow-
ledgcablt- audience, as expected,
loved it--unlil they, too, began
to see what was happening, and
they, too. walked out disgusted.
Fortunately enough, we did
sou a few good blues numbErs
prosoiited. Most notably, the
song “Sweet Home Chicago”
was quite good, featuring the
r-xct-llcnt vocals and harp playing
of Junior Wells. We were also
treated to versions of "(lot My
Mojo Workiit'," “Stormy Monr
rlrry," "ll's My Vault." and
“(loud Morning. Little School-
girl "

llt‘hltlt‘h linvrng (iuy on lead
turtar and Wclls accompanying,
rnr- of the three sidemeri was
l’ltilip (luy. Buddy‘s younger
brother. on second guitar. and
Wt‘ could scr- very plainly just
how strong young l’hilip'n blch
roots were. l"or Buddy and
Junior wci‘c never on stitgt‘ when
thr- so called "dance music" was
playcrl by Philip and llll‘ rust of
lllt' liiritrl. Fortunately, (iuy and
Wr-lls wouldn't lowi-i themselves
to tho h-vr-i of “trash” musicians,
though, iii t'oiiiprii‘imin, this con
('I‘ll irir lltllll r-qttallctl llti‘tt‘ lust
appcaiaitrc tip burn at Snitittigii.
l.('l s ltnpr- for Illut'll lit-ltt-r

tltiirgs lllllll lllt' (in) Wclls Brilttl.

  
 
 

LARGE NATIONAL
COMPANY SEEKS ONE
AREA Rlil’Rl-LSEN'l'A
'l'lVE. SALARY OPEN.
SEN IOR OR POST-
GRADUATE STUDENT
I’ REFERRED.

CONTACT ROBERT
WENGER- 489-4300.

 

 

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

   
   
   
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

  

