 

 

 

 

 

 

 

c. were...- my ‘

 

c'ApTA/Nﬂlfl: IMNé'T Ir
TarALLY M/(AMﬂtf or

 

by Andy Palley

That’s right. Whether you know it or not, Star
Trek is news — news enough to warrant coverage
from television, radio, and the press, as well as TV
Guide. It is news because it might be returning to
network television as early as next fall, though
probably later than that. The same old cast will
return, but a few things will change. Gene Rodden-
berry, the show's producer, director, creator, and
just about everything else, has stated that the crew
of the Enterprise (that mirror of the future in which
we will all live someday) will contain a few
non-humanoids — an unthinkable thought six years
ago, when Roddenberry had to fight to get the
slightly demonical-looking Mr. Spock into the cast.
Imagine having a Horta as an ensign, or God-knows-
what for a Yeoman! It will be an incredibly difficult
proposition to endow these uglies with lovable
personalities, but that is exactly what Roddenberry
plans to do.

The Star Trek Convention, where all these rumors
are founded, was held last January 21-23 at the
Statler-Hilton in New York City. Other than Rod-
denberry and his wife (Maiel Barrett — alias Nurse
Chapel), such luminaries as Isaac Asimov, D.0.M.;
Dorothy C. Fontana (Star Trek's script-writer), Hal
Clement, Oscar Katz, most of the New York radio
and TV stations, and a whole bunch of crazed
students from SUNYA, crowded into the massive
meeting-room on the l8th floor. Eventually the
crowd swelled to a gigantic, 3,000-person mob
(about 2,500 when Roddenberry came to speak),
and all control was lost. The buying-and-selling area
was a joke from the start, and one could rarely get
where one wanted to go. The elevators reminded
one of the lRT 7th Avenue line at 5:00 on a
weekday.

Which all goes to prove a point: Star Trek, three
and one-half years after being removed from net-
work TV, is still one of the most popular shows on
the air. And that's not all — Star Trek is the only
TV show in history who's audience has grown
immeasurably since being taken off the network
roster. More and more people convert to the ranks
daily, and those like myself who have seen every
episode at least three times are constantly clamoring
Lilieibffiiwin midi»): 5'3"“ -"“" NBC dim"

. st time they tried to

l

   
  

0‘ "I W” DENT 0N sumo/m; us.

 

GODDAMN I
we 607‘ RI
Ms

A I "‘0'.-
These are lit ‘ voyages...

    
 

BIE TMF EE 1 W' W W H? A KUMN Earrtsrrer/r

omrsr {Hm

W
t » seesaw?

, 7 r ‘ 5 —- m '

A” kuNr—SN on man Air/rs? a

— , Anti-'5‘, Q”

la 1 9 CRPYAIN... v.  "'~“

. (AHA! ’ V} .

 L’w ’

'1
out? CHAN“; D
SURVIVAL an;
LOGIfﬂLlY 51 IM/
« CMMIN. .
E ‘EVERY MN”?! may;
IOMEBODY3 — "01th
T! [If] "it ‘ yo
XIMG Mg;

' ~ 17‘ 1” 7:1 ._ VERY
“I‘man m 1/6 WNW“,
at mum» mm m N camm’
PJKIIINIKMNJ. TN” -
{mtg/As}; ’7‘”? men
I f
V!" v'wr lIr, My

 

The U 5 H lrilt-rpiiw

 

     
 

  
  

 

take Star Trek off the air they ran into about
200,000 angry letters — and the show stayed on
another year. The rumor has it now that CBS plans
to pick up the rights to the show, and would like to
produce it again. I thought it was interesting that of
all the New York TV stations, the only one which
didn't cover the convention was NBC!

The phenomenon of Star Trek is unique in the
annals of television history. Shows have come and
gone which had fantastic audience appeal. Gun-
smoke and Bonanza have each been on the air over a
decade —— but their fans are of a different breed. As
Stephen E. Whitfield says in his magnum opus, The
Making of Star Trek, "One of the interesting aspects
of the fans is that they are indeed highly literate."
In fact, the Star Trek crew were idolized by the
NASA crew as the real spacemen. Can you imagine
the thoughts of the actors (and they are, after all,
only actors) as they toured the Houston Space
Central with the NASA engineers, being told every
step of the way that "such-and such is like your
so-and-so aboard the Enterprise."

Whitfield's book is, in itself, a remarkable thing. It
is a one-of-a-kind treasure house of information of
the production of a TV series, and an intimate
portrait of the entire Star Trek production crew. It
went out of print as soon as the show was cancelled,
after having gone through four printings. Two
months later, Ballantine Books was besieged with
orders for The Making of Star Trek. It took them
another year before they would print it again, this
time with a new cover. It has now gone through
four more printing and has made Ballantine a
fortune. It is also recommended reading for Prof.
Gunn's course, RTF 101.

There is, at the time of this writing, a Star Trek
renaissance in progress. It is one of the only shows
watched by college students, and it is watched with
a vigor. Its hours up here are terrible (5:30 to 6:30
daily), but students still crowd around the sets and
watch shows they've seen a million times before.
Even at Stonybrook, where TV is as unpopular as
the Suffolk County Narcotics Squad, it has many
enthusiastic followers.

The networks have bided their time for three
years, waiting for all those crazy science-fiction
people to go away and leave them alone. They
haven't left — they have gotten more and more
numerous and fervent as the years have passed.
They want new shows, and they will die waiting!
Well, the wait might be over. Maybe this coming
year, maybe the next ~— whatever, there will be Star
Trek again.

 

 

 

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

l
FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1972

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

FROM ALL I “Near/mi.

 

 

 

