 

 

 

\ .
ONE OF 7F/ESE TH/NG‘S /5 NOT LIKE WE OWEAZ NOT LIKE

 

 

 

'NEWSDAY
Ill-tribunal by
im. Syndicate

  
 

 

WE 0mm. . . ONE OF 7HESE TH/Nﬁs DOES NOT BELONG’
~SESAME $7PEET SONG-

An Open Letter from B.U.

Police and Dogs set on B.U. Students

We are just two Boston Univer-
sity students writing to inform
another group of students of a
situation that has occurred here.
Between the spring of 1970 and
the spring of 1972, the B.U. cam-
pus was very quiet politically.

About one month ago the
mailing list of all male B.U. stu-
dents was given to the U.S. Marine
Corps ostensibly to prevent them
from coming on campus to re-
cruit. B.U. President John Silber
then unilaterally (without prior
consultation of faculty or stu-
dents) reversed his position and
allowed Marine recruiters on cam-
pus. A small group of B.U. stu-
dents picketed the placement
ofﬁce and sat down on the steps.
Our president then called in riot
police without prior consultation
with a faculty-administration
committee established for just
that purpose.

The results of this action were
that thirty-three students who
were protesting in a peaceful man-
ner werebeaten, set upon by police
dogs and arrested. All thirty-three
were charged with criminal tres-
pass and unlawful assembly. One
of the students was also charged
(falsely) with assault with a dead-
ly weapon. Another student Pre'
sent as a spectator at the trial was
arrested on a John Doe warrant.
and was also charged with assault
with a deadly weapon: he was in
class at the time of the demonstra-
tion.

Then came the North Viet-
namese offensive in Vietnam and
new escalation of the air war,
culminating in the bombing of
Hanoi and Haiphong. 0n ’Ihura-
day April 20th, a mass meeting
was held at B.U. to decide what
action should be taken in reply to
the Vietnamese situation and Uni-
versity complicity in the war
(such as Marine recruiters on cam-
pus, and a threatened return of
ROTC). A decision was spon-

PAGE 6

taneously reached to confront the
administration at the adminis-
tration building.

The administration politely de-
cided not to be there. A small
group of the demonstrators de-
cided to enter the building and
stay until the administration
agreed to at least listen to the
demands. When these demonstra-
tors were asked to leave, they left
the building without inflicting any
damage.

As the demonstrators left the
building, their pictures were
taken. Some of those (52 out of
about 250) later identiﬁed from
these pictures were arrested for
trespass, regardless of the fact
that they left when warned. it is
signiﬁcant that only the out-
spoken members of this group
were arrested (including the

original thrity-thrce students
arrested at the placement ofﬁce).

This was only a beginning. The
next day the adminstration of
B.U. obtained an injunction from
the Superior Court of Massa-
chusetts, prohibiting political acti-
vity on campus until June first.

in angry protest to these
actions, B.U. students decided to
use their own Student Union
building as a strike headquarters.
Some students and faculty sat in
at the office of the Dean of
Student Affairs (Stilton Curtis),
who shared the responsibility for
the original arrest of the B.U.
thirty-three. Among the faculty
sitting in was the noted professor
of political science, Howard Zinn.
This group of around fifty persons
was upper-ted by an additional two
hundred students sitting shoul-
der-to—shoulder on the stairway
leading to the ofﬁce. Their pur-
pose was to prevent officers of the
administration from “fingering”
more people for selective arrests.
There was an additional picket
line of several hundred people
landing moral support outside of

the building.

The administration let it be
known that the student lounge
would remain open until the fol-
lowing Monday to B.U. students.

But at 7:30 the next morning
(Saturday) the B.U. adminis-
tration announced that the union
was closed and that any un-
authorized person present there
after the space of one half hour
would be considered trespassing,
and subject to arrest.

Around fifty of the remaining
students and faculty elected to
remain in deﬁance of this ulti-
matum.

The union was locked up by
University security to prevent fur-
ther access by students to the
building. Several hundred people
demonstrated outside in support
of those in the lounge. in the
early afternoon, Boston police
moved in and nrrtccl students
and faculty in the lounge. At a
mass meeting Saturday night, ath-
dents overwhelmingly voted to
strike this week. At this time
further action is being planned.

What has this to do with Al-
bany? We at B.U. made the mis-
take of keeping our mouths shut
until it was too late, and now
demonstrators are photographed
and police and F.B.i. keep tabs ori
their movements.

We are not writing about
socialist manifestoes. We are not
writing about underground move-
ments. We are pleading with you
to exercise the rights given to you
under the U.S. Constitution.

So protest the wrongs which the
people in power are perpetratlng
on you. The only success you can
have in expressing your discontent
la through mass solidarity. The
weapons of those who seek to
subvert our rights are apathy and
the philosophy of divide and con-
quor. (Complacency is deadly as
we have shown you.) Act now
before it's too late to act at all.

ALBANY STUDENT amass

 

Gerber & J oss

Even to a greater extent than in the past, this year’s
elections for Student Association President, Vice-President,
and Central Council are shaping up as strictly routine
affairs.

For the most part, no candidate has come forth to wife;
any meaningful platform on which to judge his mcrirs. or
has initiated discussion on topics that are of pullltulur
concern to students at this university. instead, the various
political hopefuls have concentrated their efforts on plnxtcr.
ing the campus with ditto sheets and signs in an cfiun n.
make their names known, and have relied on simple rlli'toric
and catchy phrases as the easiest road to clcctivc ni'l‘itc,
Perhaps the reason for this was the suddcnncss oi the
elections, or a general student apathy. But, unfortunntrlv. it
is all of us as members of the university communuv that
have the most to lose. We should have demanded mm.

Nevertheless, the members of the ASP Editorial lhmnl h-cl
that the races for Student Association PrCSltlt'lll .md
Vice-President deserve serious consideration by tlu' student
body, if for no other reason than the amount of pom-I [hat
is inherent in those offices. Some $500,000 in \lihlk'lll
monies is given annually to a multitude of studcnt pumps.
and the chief executive officers have a great dml in my
about those disbursements. More importantly, both .nr .ix
chief communicators of student needs and Llcsircx (u lllt'

campus administration and off-campus communirics, llui
ultimately, their source of power lies in the fact [lhll ln-v wt

the tone of the student government. in the final lilMlVHls,
the direction of the student government is decided III rho
president’s office.

Michael Lampcrt is the incumbent president .md now
seeks rc-clcction to a second term. While we cannot disputi-
either his administrative abilities or his knowlcdgc oi [hr
inner workings of the student government, we find his

merits somewhat lacking in other areas.

It is our view that Mike Lampcrt has, in the past \mi,
brought the student government even further away hum
most students than it once was. The student governmcm has
become a bureaucracy capable of being handled only In a
person of Mike Lampert’s organizational cnpulnlitIt-s. li’II
fortunately, the end product has emerged as something .Illt'll
to student needs and foreign to their daily experience» It I~
unfortunate that forty percent of students polled by llH'II
Central Council representative on Alumni Quad .Ii't Hut
satisfied with [llC workings of their student association, in
us, that kind of a response indicates that Mike l..im[u'l'l I»
somewhat out of touch with his constituency.

To be sure, Lampcrt's chief rival, Steve icrbcr. ll.l\ hi!

us rather uninspired by running a campaign [lllll l5 Inn-(l
more on Lampcrt’s failings than on Gerbcr's own lllI'||l\-
But it is our smccrc feeling that student government Inml

be brought back to the stud .rs, and to accomplish [In-c .i
change is desperately needed. Steve (icrbcr lms arm-ll
admirably enough as a Central Council mcmln'r and .n .I
Ulmvcrsny Senator to deserve the presidency. Wc ciuluru'
his candidacy. Mike Lumpcrt has served one term as Souls!”
Assocmtion president and we feel that is enough.

As {or the Vlcc‘Prcsidch)’. since none of lllt‘ unululhm
have issued detailed position statements, we must again n-l\
0“ Pa“ Performance. Using this criteria, it is clear [lint l ill
joss emerges as the best choice. joss has bCL‘ll imprcwn' .o
a Ccntml Council member and in his role as chairman of
Council's Finance Committee. We feel that he has both clu-
"eccssflry experience and personal integrity to funmn”
effCCF‘VCIY as a vice-president. We urge you to vou- for him.

it is unfortunate that when one surveys the fir-Id ml
candidates this election week, he finds {cw worthy Hi
wholeheartcd support. But we endorse the candidncn-a Hi
Steve Gerber and Eric loss in the hope that their admimslm
tion will display a true concern for the students on tlllh
campus. Please vote May 3,4 and 5th.

 

TUESDAY, MAY ‘ 2, 1972

.mwawaus-xwi:

 

 

Implicit Sexism Charged

To the Editor:

In answer to Robert Familant's
charge that Michael Lampsrt
"picks only you men for political
appointments", we would like to
say that we reject the two basic
numptions of this statement.

It '1 implied that Mr. Lampert.
only appoints men, and that they
all agree with him on everything.
We consider ourselves living exam—
ples of the OPPOSITE! Our philo-
sophies are our own, and we voice
them whether or not they agree
with Mr. Lampert. We were ap-
pointed to our positions based on
experiences we have gathered at
this school even before Mr.

Lampert was a student here.
Furthermore, it would serve Mr.
Senia well to remember that as
political coordinator, he was an
appointee of Mr. Lampert (does
he consider himelf a yes man?).
Sincerely,
Ms. Judy Auner
Cabinet, President's Advisory
Committee

Ms. Sue Leuey
Coordinator A
Mass Programming Groups

Ms. Pal Schumann
F.S.A. Board of Directors

“Rump Court”?

To the Editor:

I would like to bake this oppor-
tunity to respond to the ASP
article of April 14 in Mr.
Lampert's defense, and Mr. Cole's
letter to the editor of April 25.

First, 1 would like to applaud
Mr. Cole for his loyalty to the
Student Association Pmident. I
would next like to forgive him for
his gross lack of information. In
the part of his letter referring to
the Court and myself, Mr. Cole
states that all the justices were
invited back to the bench this
year. Since there were only three
justices on the bench last year,
two of them graduating last
spring, it would seem to me that
only one would be left, that being
myself; as I am conﬁdent that Mr.
Cole can subtract two from three
and come up with one as an
answer. Other persons which had
been appointed by the past Stu-
dent Association President were
found by the Court to have been
selected through an unconstitu-
tional method, and never served
on the Court.

Mr. Cole next states, "Yet the
Court has no set quorum and
could have run effectively, if the
former chief judge was so con-
cerned, with just those three
judges." If Mr. Cole had investi-
gated the mlm of the Court, as he
neglected to do, he would have
seen that the Court definitely
does need a quorum

i might remind Mr. Cole and Mr.
anpert that last year as Chief
Justice, I held a hearing in which
the Court heard a case with three
justices sitting. Throughout the

case the Court was harrassed by
the then Vice-President Mr.
Lampert as being an illegal body
for hearing a case with only three
justicm, and he promptly labeled
our body a "Rump Court". This
would seem to be quite an about
face on Mr. Lampert‘s part.

'Ihc reason i did not call the
Court into session was because i
was confident that Mr. Lampert
would not want a “Rump Court"
sitting again with only three
justices. Therefore I concluded
Mr. Lampert would appoint the
constitutionally correct number
of justices with all alacrity to
avoid such an undesirable situa-
tion. i believe this situation
clearly demonstrates Mr.
Lampcrt’s true attitude toward
the Court.

As far as Mr. Cole's statement
that I do not seem to value the
verbal contacts made with me
urging the Court to meet, i can
only say that he obviously mis-
understood somcone's informa-
tion. I was verbally contacted
once, through a third party, two
days before my rusignation was
submitted.

I cannot help but comment on
Mr. Cole's comment concerning
Robert Familiant. ’Ihis obviously
shows a definite lack of maturity
on Mr. Cole’s part.

l would like to end by advising
Mr. Cole that in the future, when
he chooses to be someone's errand
boy, he inwath the facts before
slandering someone and making a
fool of himself.

Sincerely,
CarlSlephan

WSUA Features

Mental Hygiene Interview

To Use Editor:

For some time now, WSUA (640
AM) has given air time to “Public
Affairs" type program. i host one
of these, Intercourse, which at-
tempts to provide entertaining dis-
cussions on interesting topics with
members of the University com-
munity. However, i believe that
many people are unaware of the
existence of such program, and
might be interested in listening.
Because I have been frustrated by
WSUA from uling other informa-
tive channels in the ASP, I'd like
to impose upon you to inform the
many mailers of “Communca-
tiona" that such program do
exist, and that. this Tuesday night,

TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1972

May 2nd. at 8:06 PM, Inlercourse
will feature an interview with Dr.
Alan Miller, the New York State
Commissioner of Mental Hygiene.
We will be talking about the treat-
ment (or non-treatment) of men-
tal patients, involuntary commit-
ment, mental patients’ rights,
psychosurgcry, and Dr. Thomas
Szasz. in the interest of freedom
of the media, and the belief that
informative, objective pro-
gramming should continue, I
thank you for giving me the
vehicle to contact the university

with. Ilcacu'

Phil Cliansky
WS UA News

To  Editor: .  of the mainten- snd he in.-
lt is obviously election um.   
I‘mpert'a packing the Court.

  only appointed
 gig-son hug-w.

  
  
 
 

with him, his whde
tion.  , _ _ ,
First, In-   cc to Carl  .
phan’s vanish  Ilclm 
ael's pad-n] _ Supra“ Cunt. ‘
these alhptions "no unfounded. “I 

absurd-id

 

offended. or e-
of a» sum tivc
(a  Politi-
‘ in

 

, ""‘m‘l'llh,S
a. for Bob unarme- miss, I- . Mon-TIer I lift LMC Ind

 couadl members.

What it seem Mr. Lsmpsrt is
guilty of is using good judgment.
It midst be added thatlnob Colo.
who wmappointod and b serving
as Controller presently, w. Fin-

andmarvsd on it the year

Auociation to... hm“ "Mmmsmymmm Chairman lut
 V uncalled ' *

CPO. Maybe we shouldn't use
such experienced people! 111s list
could go on forever and, of
course, these people an friendly

, Muted
Michael appointed Carl for a am gum “m, »‘N,’v‘m~?kﬁ‘_ w tmdllclmel; after sewing for a

ber of lI-olll: for his experience “he a." a” “Romp of “"7"-

as a jmtice, for continuity, and .
became Michael and Carl have ﬂtgﬁgg'ﬁ‘mm [3,323
rame seen cyc-to-oye - Carl was “on. Mmimm “d me me.
“minted ‘0 he'l’ MM "mud" sent BOA and one anitant Busi-
political viewpoint. Two other jm- nu opgnﬁm “minim”,
tices appointed by Lampert were 'u mm by me and “other
“tqu “Ppolnted by a“ P“ by Barry Nathanson’, the louder
Student Annotation Pm'd'm BOA. This group brought a highly
Dawd Neufeld, but were not It" “Mable record of accomplilh-
ﬁnned by the put Central Coun. menu Ind "nice in Student
for Comtitutional venom. Mug”. fsix were fomier Cen-
Thme two were not just ticked In] Council “when; one was an
out of the ﬁve Neufeld appointed “to, in Chief of the ASP, chair-
either, all ﬁve were contacted over Inn. of the hyacinth“ Commit.
the summer and only these two he on wsUA, and the Glairman
responded positively to the offer of u“, committee of WSUA-FM,
to serve on the Court. Mike did u '9" I. being indude in the six
this sOhe would not be accused of form" Central council members
packing the Court and so that he, (ML cling“); one was Chairman
hirmelf, would not have six ap— of psp last yes.- (Mr, senia); and
POIHlmenlﬁ 0" the 00'1"" melﬂt all but one served in the former
three appointments to the Court, Commission system under the old
made in late December, were ar- Commution and were appointed
rived at, at a Cabinet meet-ing- The to coordinate the groups for
Cabinet met f0r seven hours which their respective Com-
screening over twenty candidates missions were responsible. It
and it was an independent, con— mm to me that not only did
sensus decision by the Cabinet Michael "0‘ “appoint his friends."
that these three should be ap- but people with much experience
pointed. Michael only knew one in the Association. more than

Chinese Studies:

To the President,

We, Chinese students and Chinese Language students at SUNYA,
send you this petition for the purpose of bringing your attention to
the impending crisis of the weakening and ultimate elimination of the
Ch inesc Language and Literature courses on this campus.

At the present time, there is only one part-time instructor teaching
ﬁrst and second year Chinese; the other part-time instructor for third
year Chinese was abruptly dismissed at the fourth week of this
semmter. The Associate Dean claimed that there were insufﬁcient
funds: the lack of a thousand dollars. Further, it has been decided
that the Chinese Literature course will be eliminated this coming Fall.

In view of the facts that the Chinese Language is: (1) a language of a
minority ethnic group in this country, (2) a major international
language, we would like to preserve the offering; of the ﬁrst, second
and third year Chinese Language and Literature courses, particularly
when the enrollment in the Chinese language has been increasing in
consecutive years and there is a strong evidence of the growing
interest. in order not to hinder the growth, the Chinese Language
must be offered in all three levels at the same time and on the same
campus. Only this will give assurance to the potential Chinese
Language students the , and ' ' "‘ of the ,. ,, .

From the past up to the present, all instructors of Chinese
Language and Literature have been teaching on a part-time basis.
Because of their particular statuses, they have no voice in decision-
making and are subject to discrimination and power politics among
the departments. According to the past trend, we fear Chinese courses
will be further weakened and ultimately eliminated in the future.

We have a great respect and admiration for your pursuing a
far-sighted and well-rounded educational program: for example, the
establishment of the badly needed Puerto Rican Studies Program. We
feel that the coursm in the Chinese Language and Literature an- a part
of the Liberal Arts program and should be mule accessible to students
in our ' ",, " L ' " r ,, would. We therefore
appeal to you for your support in maintaining the Chinese Language
and Literature courses on a continuum basis by: HIRING A FULL
TIME PROFESSOR 'I‘O REPLACE THE PRESENT PART-TIME
INSTRUC'I‘ORS STARTING THIS COMING FALL.

'3.
_

Petition

Mill‘s-Anita" must come to
know' th'd'paopls who work in it.
Further, to call tli's‘hardest work'-
ing, unpaid people in the Associi-
tion “Yes Men” is highly ignorant
and unappreciative of their work.
Mr. Sonia and Mr. Goldman have
many times opposed Mr. Lani-
pcrt's point of view in political
matters. Michael was man ’ times
on opposing sides with all coordi-
nators on various matters, both
concerning the budget and in the
general handling of particular S.A.
matters. It is obvious that Mr.
Familant's remarks are unfounded
and ignorant of the facts.

As for Mr. Gerber's remarks,
well, I think it is obvious they
were for political reasons, not that
he has declared himself a candi-
date for the Presidency of SA,
and should be taken as such,
biased, political rhetoric. I feel
Bob Cole summed Mr. Gerber’s
ambitions and record in his editor-
ial of April 25th.

it is fine that these people are
slandering someone for their own
self ambitions and care little
about facts, but as an ofﬁcial
elected by the students, I think it
wise that these people start inves-
tigating the facts before voicing
their opinions.

Terry Wilbert

Vice President
Student Association

 

The Last Asp...

This year the ASP has tried to
inform you not only of per-
tinent on—campus events, but
also of news occurring off-cam-
pus which we felt was of parti-
cular importance and interest to
students.

We have tried to bring you
news which was not ordinarily
available to the Albany student
through the other media. We
hope we have succeeded.

This is the last ASP of the
year, and we hope we have
fulﬁlled our obligation as a
newspaper to inform, to enter-
tain and to arouse our readship.

We hope, ultimately, that
we’ve managed to communicate
a message to you, and that
you've gained something by
having us around. 'lhanks for
reading us, and for those who
bothered to write back—thanks
for caring. We'll be back in
September, and we hope you
will too. Have a good summer.
. —'I'he Staff

 

 

 

W
' Vmsmwbn—ﬂhu

 

  

Eater-MOM Motion "liner
at min warren wishan

than Em- Huun. ed— M“ ‘lachntcsl Editors

mam our-win guy urn-n- Mir-y mam (labiuc \dcvnun
huh-Edam Club!“ A“qu wuu Islllﬂlull

gum son nostril coo-n n-v- am- muu AMI hair-tut Edam
scum-unu- auburn-u— nun—ﬁn— Ijaumkmvum

won taut-all many to- “ Iv-l unylu noun

oom- nslmsotm .m- &- “nu—su- Miss sen-nun. ass-i...
an: tan- ,m an" mm man- my lmltelbovg

m out-v Dal-ha t.- E. on I-mm causation Man-p
Am. an I“ run tun-.- Plato-Is 50- :m wood

mien-s- button 6. & nth m lam llltw

Imam io-Inmis malt litcolslv

mWold—clued."*hhwt_h-d~~thhiqdhvmumn ImmngtonAmus
M. D- M van mars-unnuav-m—ummna “Muh-
h-M-ILD-Iohb-m Mﬂhwum~uh~hsWhmmnmulowwmw

“mmmhtdm,aslhr

mw~u~-—m” M—m—nﬁnu“ mmwummm:

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I pass 7

   

 

   
     
        
       
        
      
      
      
     
         
    
     
 
  
     

 
   
  

,Agmrw..s,. ..  .

 

