“a: m.

we. -VJtt—azz’v—mm. 9.22:5... <wnmr—

; PAGE FOUR

 

GRASS ROOTS

OCTOBER 24, 1972

 

GEORGE IN WONDERLAND

Editor’s note:

Kathleen Kendall is in the Department
of Rhetoric and Communication; Richard
Kendall is Chairman of the History De-
partment. They are registered as a Repub-

lican and a Democrat, respectively. In
1968 Mrs. Kendall voted for Hubert
Humphrey and her husband voted for
neither presidential candidate.

Madam? More Policy:
the MRSIIAWIW conspiracy

by Dr. Kathleen Edgerton Kendall

Senator George McGovenr says. “We
really can cut billions out of our military
budget without threatening our security."
Wouldn't you like to believe that? We all
would. And since we all probably believe
that there‘s a lot of waste in government
spending. it seems "logical" to assume
that there's a lot of waste in the defense
budget. which accounts for 40% of Fed-
eral expenditures. The problem with
McGovern's appeal to (Mr money-saving
motives is tltat he‘s not talking about
trimming the fat off the defense budget;
he's talking about critting out the grits
and the muscle.

The surgery McGovern proposes for
United States defense includes far more
than withdrawal of the remaining trrlits
from Vietnam. Tllis is not really the issue.
The issue is the slashng at tile vitals of
our strategic power. McGovern would ptrt
a unilateral freeze on the development of
more advanced MIRV‘s as well as the [H
bomber system arid the new Trident
submarine. tlrrowirlg away the possibility
of reducing Soviet strategic arms through
bargaining and negotiation. He wants to
reduce American forces lll Europe from

3|9. 000 to I49. “without reng for our
European allies and without a prepared
alternative ill meeting otit NATO commit
merit. He wants to cut our aircraft carrier
ﬂeet from Io to (r. How he would then
fulfill his pledge to out Israeli friends is
an absolute mystery. Although President
Nixon has already crit the sire of the
American military brick to lire-Vietnam.
I‘ltnl levels. McGovern wants to dis-
mantle 4 more Arrrly divisions. Unless
you are a pacifist. or an isolationist lll tllc
tradition of William Jennings Bryan arid
Senators LaFollettc turd Nyc. such radictrl
retrenchment may well worry yotl. as it
docs us. 'I’hcsc free/cs and cutbacks in
defense. once accomplished, could not be
restored quickly. And rcnrcnrbcr that
McGovern. as l’rmidt‘trl. could make these
reductions quite apart from what ('on-
gress might say.

Senator McGovern would likc to take a
reckless gamble with the destiny of tort
iratiorl. voltrutarily making this country
the \ecoud most powerful country ill the
world. Utrlikc President Nixon. who Is
negotiating wrtll the Soviet Union to
bring down armaments on a mutual basis.
step by step. St‘irtrtor hlc(.ovrr'rr \ays ht-
will lctluct' our tlt'll'IISl’H and asks no
L‘ttttt'sptrtltltttg rctlttctiolh from llIt'
Russians

When Sclrtitor Mctr'oycrrl was asked
recently whether he thought Moscow
might lest him early in his presidency
with a series of diplomatic and military
challenges similar to [how President KL‘II'
nedy met. he said. “No. I don't think so."
and went on to declare that the Russians
would regard ltirrr as a friend. Illrt why
should lie think so? And why should we
throw away our present security am] the
chance to reduce tirlrramcuttr bilaterally

solely because of George McGovern‘s act
of faith. his leap into the dark? Mc-
Govern's policy is not the way to peace.
If we gave up our strong position. our
weakened condition might be seen as an
opportunity, all invitation for blackmail.
for actions against our friends. for actions
against us. Tempted by our apparent
weakness. other powers might do some-
thing they would ordinarily not even
consider. something we would be forced
ifftl‘ﬁ'esist or would Iry to resist with the
depleted power remaining after Mc-
Govcru's cutbacks. Let‘s not invite such
trouble by the functional equivalent of
unilateral disarmament. Rather. let‘s coll-
tirrrle the SALT talks. reducirtg otlr arma-
ments and watcllillg carefttlly to see that
Russia does the same.
There‘s a McGovern "bandwagon" at
SUNYA. and it‘s probably easier and
more fun to let yourselfch carried along
with the crowd than to raise questions of
fact or logic. Olle of the unquestioned
assutrrptious of the McGovcruitcs is that
this country is spending “too much“ for
defense. Have you ever heard any of your
friends refute that assumption? Arid more
to the point. have you ever heard anyone
really spell olit just what is “too
mrdr.“ Most likely you haven't. l)t‘L‘l|llSt'
Senator McGovern has failed to pill the
question of defense e\peuditures In any
perspective; he has assumed that you
would accept his attacks on the so<cal|ed
“crippling defense budget." Figures ill lllt‘
billions arc mind-belrding; they wruul like
"too rrltlclt " llut Senator McGovern
hasn't told you that we spend only 7.,l’/«
of our Gross National Product on dc-
fetrsc. He hasn't toltl you that (lilting
President Niurir's administration the per-
ccrrtage of olrr (LN P \pcttl on defense
has fallen front URL in l‘llrl'l to 7 V} in
l‘l7l. He hasn‘t told you.citlicr. that the
Soviet Union has spent and continues to
spend at least ll‘l of its (LNP on
defense. lt hardly scours “crippling” or
even "too much" fora nation as wealthy
as we arc. or with as much to |)I'('M‘r\tt' as
wc have. to spcnd 7.3% of its ().N.|’ for
deft-list- In comparison to the 14'} which
tltc little nation of Israel must spend on
defense. for currrtplc. 7 I'll is small tri-
dccd
And to the argurrrt-ut the l'lltlll'\\
lament. rczrlly that it i\ tlrl- "dell-rm
budget" that stands or the not ot
rt‘ali/irlg tlrc Prllllll‘xl‘ll land to llI|\ wc
il\l\ What lll‘t'tl in our \tttlt'l\ r~ ltllltlt'l
what ill is lllll'l‘ltll‘tllt'll br-cauxr wt' spi'rrtl
7 .l l't‘lllS oftrur (r N l' dollar on rlclt-nsc"
What rrl tlrc ‘t.’ 7% ol thc (r N l' rrhrrh IS
IIIII qrcrrl on dr-fcrrsc" Surely “I that \tlxt
‘rlllll there is money ttr liSl' ort llltl\l'
problerrrs. if tlrcrc is a will to use it

Defense is otrr rustrl'trticc. it's tlrt-rc ll wt-
rtcctl it. So pause a rrrorrrcut as you we
the McGovern bandwagon roll by with its
barlrrcr proclairrrirrg "('ut Dcfettsc ‘2» by
3/3!" With such a cut McGovern would
make us "second-best" arrtl that's llll‘
wrong policy. flit the wrong reasons. at
the wrong time. It's tr rilllrslinurllow corr-
spiracy.

"Swab, McGovern?
positions 041 M3 ,5;
at? the issues are
“ﬂaccgplzable L0 3

large portion 3.:-

ol’ our people ."

_ gamma lVlUSKIE "

 
 
 
 
 
 
    

Modovornfc Foreign P
Johnson Upside-Dorm Coke

by Dr. Richard Kendall

For most of us who have witnessed the
painful episode of America's involvement
ill the Vietnam war. the meaning of these
past eight years is urrrrristakablc: the
United States. ltl spite of its great posi-
tion and power. cannot disregard the
e\istcucc and responses trf other nations.
Wc cannot choose and act ill the belief
that no out- will contradict us. The failure
of Lyndon Johnson's war ill Vietnam. as
is corrrruorlly said. revealed the “limits of
power" and showed the myth of Arrrcri‘
cart orrrtlipotcrrcc to be just tlrat.a rrrytlr
llut this myth is protctru and lively and is
this time by llrc
candidalc with the timothy Leary srrrilc

again being rctailcd

wllo drcaurilr bids us. “(‘olrrc Home
Arrri‘r'ica."

t,t-orgr- Mctiovcr‘rr l)ltI\ us to t'tilttt‘
llttllll' to turn otrr back upon the world.
and to sctllt' down for a long [group
session on trtIt .tllcgcd Irrtsdct‘ds. failings
tlIltI grrrlt What rs trocral is that Mt'
(itnt‘t‘lt assumes that \lttll .r trttsltltt' is
ours for tlrc t‘lltlthttty llcll- .rgatn rs llic
iri\tlr ol \rlrcr'ican lIlIlllllltilt‘lll'l' llll' as-
\Ilttttilttttl that trtll position and poch art-
such that we rum ('lltttl\t‘ wlrtrtt-rt-r we
want and lrttw vrhrltcrt-r we choose
McGovcru'x guiding bclrct l\ actinth no
different frotrr Johnson‘s. Irtrt the Senator
tlctluccs arr lllvt’l'lt‘tl Iltl’\t’llttlll)tl lot ptrlt
cy: it is isolationier rtrtlrcr than ltllt'l'
rentiorrisrrr (icot’gc Mctiovcru is simply
Lyndon Johnson standing on his head. It
would be ti perverse but comic picture did
it not imply tl grtrvo danger to the rrtrtiorr.

If tlle experience of this century counts
for anything. we must be impressed by

the inability of the United Slam to
insulate itself from the world WV lllt'tl
that until I‘Ml alrd ilrrplacably t‘\t‘ll|‘
caught us out and forced us to l’t'Slittlitl
l’rcclscly bccausc ofour position. ptmt‘r
atrtl ltrlcrcsls in the international tom
rlrtrrrity. passivity is impossible lllt'lt‘ r.
really no choice bill to engage and “Ulb
to make tllosc conditions which will
allow us to pursue otir life as it ill-rum mt
ic and prosperous society It IS .r torn
rrrcrtt on (icorgc Mt'(iovcr'lr\ own lrtxtrlrr
cal understanding that hc ttrts\t'\ .rtrtl
contradicts the irlrport of Arrrt-rrtuk |r.rrd
education ill "the facts of irtlcl'nttlloual
lifc. namely. that it great power Irtttst .ltl
trffirrlratitcly iii the world. lllnt to llllllt‘ll
its interests it cannot l‘llll'l llll' \\otltl
l’illilllt‘l' of powcr only wlrcrr rt lt‘t'l\ til.
it. but must keep its wcigltt colrstarrtlr in
thc balance. it] time of peace as will .r: art
world war."

Sl-ntrtor Mc(.'o\clri‘s scuw ot lllt' \wrlrl
illltl of :\nrcr‘tc;r\ pltrcc in it ll-.rtl |ll||tll'
to l|l\ dcfcnsc polic\ . lrrx polrt\ rn ll. or
l-tr‘lnotr's \\ttl‘tl\. oi “ritrtrorral itttlrtu
I'I'll‘tlllt‘“ H :\ rtatrtrrr about to ntitltl
Ironic" .rrrtl rrisultrtt- rlsclf ttgrttthl rtu
itIIportuuiugs ot llll' world (Itlt‘\ not lltltl
'” “""li about Its rrrrlrtalr lllt‘tlltlt
until, of course. tltc world tttlitt‘\ rrrrm
“It: (It the tint" llrc Senator‘s ltllt It'll out
tlcfcrrsc polictcs fit togctlrcr. lllt'lt' n t
“'“lv of thought and walnut-lit ttr rtr.

lI'Ictl arrtl quite untrue isolatlotusur will. It

is the underside of Midwestern worm"
\ivism. McGovern is the true “Ch “I
Bryan. l.rtl"ollcttt-. tttltl Ilctiry Walla“-
which is to say. he is it most litlst'
prophet.

 

OCTOBER 24, 1972

 

GRASS ROOTS

Ilottro Spookor cor! Mod Drool?

WASHINGTON (FCNS)--Two George
Washington University graduate students
say Soeaker of the House Carl Albert
(DIOkla) was drunk when his car struck
two parked vehicles September 9.

The students. Paul Leiman and lrtswife
Andrea, said Albert was “obviously
drunk..‘ According to them he was bel-
ligerent. speaking loudly. unsteady, and
his speech was slurred.

Other witnesses at the scene who do
clincd to identify themselves tended to
corrohate the Lciman‘s descriptions of
Albert‘s behavior. according to the Wris-
lu'ngmn Post it John Katz. The witnesses
said that at one point Albert began
pushing and shoving police ofﬁcers and
yelling. "Leave rue alone. l'nr ('arl Albert.
speaker of the llouse...yotr can't touch
rnc...l lust got your raises" tl).(.'. police
saltrrrcs rust went up I7"; tlrrorrglt ("on-
grcssronal action.)

The police drove Albert Irorrrc hour the
scent: of the accident. but both the) and
he denied the Speaker was drtrrrk l’mt
columnist Bill (iold. who went to the
.rccrdcnt scene. described a tlttl-attrtttrd
lrorrr police and stud Witnesses he talked

to believed Albert was obviously intoxi~
cared.

Said Gold:

“It’s a familiar scene by now. Once
again a VIP-~this time the man who is
second in line of succession to the Prest-
dency--had become ithJIVed in an un-
seemly public incident. Once again the
police in (Washington's) near Northwest
had been oh! so tender in their handling
of the case."

 

Rod Chinese Supply Smock

WASlllNli'l()N tl‘l'NSl-Spcak‘tng on
the House lloor last month. t‘ortgrcssrriau
l’lrrlrp ('rtrnc tR Ill.) said that the drug
tlow trorrr Red ('hrna was“grcatcr than
priblically acknowledged "

('rtrrrc said too ruuclr blarrrc was being
placcd lttl otlrcr t’t)ll|tl|tt‘\ wlrcrr consi~
tlcrablc cyttlctrcc prunch to Red ('lrttra as
a tn;qu llilltttllt\ \Ulllkt' He said the
Nixon Atlrrrtntsti.rtrort“. cltorts to trttrr
btrtc thug outllovv to othcl countries
were “political and lllpltltttttllt' c\pctlr
crrcy H

(in Noycrrrbcr 37. I‘ll]. tlrc |’.t«rtrt

Starr and Stripes rcportctl that Peking
earned $500 llrillrorr in the preceding five
years from its Southeast Asian narcotics
trade. 'l'hc report was based on a ('IA
cstrrrratc that at lc:r.\t $1 billion in narco-
tics was sold in llrc prror five years

Other sources attributing sttlhltlttlltll
drttg Iratfrc to Red ('lrrrrtr rn lL'l'L'lIl years
range from Reuters ncws \CIVIL'C and
Japan's Ntrtrorral llnrcarr ol Narcotics
Director to lIlL' Soyrct llrrron's Literary
(ia/ctrr lrowcycr. the Administration has
torrsrstcrrtly downplayed all) such to

lrrrttx

 

Student loans —llnolo

WASIIINUIUN ll't'NSi /\s|l1c lust
ltrtttls torrrc dttc trtrdcr tlrc tr~t|cr.rl gtr\t'ttlv
urcrrt's (itialantr-cd Sttrdcrrt loan |'rogr.trrr.
tlcl.rtrlts arc rttrrrrrrrg at .r lrrglr r.rtt:

lltc U. S. ()llrtt- ol Idtrcatrorr reports
lhtrl >l’l |tl tlrosc \tht'tllllt‘tl to rcpav tlrctr
tt'tlcrally insured ctluctrttorral loans have dc:
t.rtt|tcd 'llrc govcirrrrrcnt so hit rsolrlrgatcd
to p.ry .rboul lat) rrrrllron ot the dctaultcd

loans

A bttnltcr qttotcd in .l Inn .‘lllgt'lt‘l 'I‘roir‘r

Sam Fools the Bill

‘wltrty trtr rut-problem scctrtcd to corrt’rrrrr
that opinion llc icrzrllcd an incident where
lrc "liarrdcd ll|l\ tcllow tr tlrct'k lot ill 500.
WISlIt'tl lllttl good luck It] \t‘lltlttl and ice
nrrndcd lrrrrr to MTV in touch wrtlr the bank
\tl wc tould .rrr.rrrgc lot lrrrrr to repay the
loan

"llc lookcd .rt Inc. smiled and said.
‘tllr. | nchr rntcrrd to rcprry this loan'

"It he hadn't .rlrcady ptrt the check in
his pro kct .I Would have snatched ll back "

Almeria 5W5 Lotion win, 651 BEHIND arm...

 

PAGE FIVE

 

Judge Vindicator 60F in IIT 69:0

l.()S AN(;l:l.ltS tl5('NS)--U.S, District
(‘otul Judge Robert J Kcllcher has ruled
here that International 'l'clcplrorrc and
lclcgraph ('trlportrtron acted legally in
contributing Sltltlttttt) to it Still Diego
crvrc group to hpr attract the Republican
National (‘orrvcrrtron to that city.

Kcllcher disrrrrssetl :t suit against l'f'l‘ by
(‘alrt'ortutl Secretary ot Stare lidnrund (2.
Brown Jr . who argued that the contribu-
trorr vroltrtcd thc l‘cdcral (‘orrupt l’r‘ac-
ttccx Act. wlrrclr lorbrtls contributions

lrorrr corporations to tcdctal electron

campaigns and conventions.

l’l'T said it did not make arty contribu-
tion to a political group. but to a Salt
Diego group trying to attract the convert-
tiorr. l'l‘T said this was a legitimate
business expense because it Would help
fill rooms in three l'l‘T hotels ill San
Diego,

The controversy over the ITT contribu-
tion was one of several factors ill the
Republican Party decision to switch the
corrvcrrtrorr front San Diego to Miami
Beach.

 

budch

 

McGOVERN UNREALISTIC ON DEFENSE

Q. Senator McGovern proposes reducing the
defense budget by 32 billion dollars. What
would this llretlrl’
A. I think this is totally and completely till-
rcalistrc. l tlrruk it's a proposal that could only
be made by a person who has no real idea of
the facts or ol the composition of the defense

About 5(r percent of the defense budget goes
into pay and allowances. That's a very high
figure. and it has rrroved up dramatically in
recent years. because we've started to pay
market wages for people in the armed forces
When you have that high a proportion of
your total budget in payroll. and their talk
about saying as much as 32 billions. it means
you're either going to have a great many
empty bases and rustrng airplanes and tanks
with nobody to man or maintain them. or
you’re going to have people standing around
with no equipment to use.

But worst of all. such a proposal would colu-
pletely destroy our ability to negotiate with
or. indeed. even be listened to by a potential
opponent. because it would destroy the
strength which they respect and which en-
abled us to have the talks the President has
just completed."—- Caspar W. Weinberger.Di-
rector, Office of Management and Budget, in
an interview with US. News and World Re-
port magazine.

I

 

w

 

 

