new antennamrhwmam

 

    

  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
        
 
 
   
      
      
   
     
       
      

 

 

 

 
  
 
   

  
 
    
    
 

L "M "mm Y 5pm N ﬁomvff-MY summons
"ilis‘illiiw Sim mum on rum:
l ‘ “E! m . Morn/N .
GYM  m m ” mm +0in ma AC
mm TOWNS, 55"

    
  

    
  
  
 

   
 
   
  
  
 

 

      
  
     
   

    
  
  

 
   

  

   

   
 

IN SAYS ' ‘

 

    
     
        

   
  
   
 
 
   
  
 

        
 
 
 

 
   
 

 

‘ (r , V . 19 l_ I,“ »

\ F‘VE RENDF ' realm Ar insr WE'VE in; Him, mun Twp]

t v. H  f I P r % WIN/mm; pm  AM"- 7’ 77/5 Ann’s??? nib/cream .
i AP - A new U.N. report suggests. H u n g a l, y a n d 2 . 5 in ‘ it more! ' W? GYM!

that abortion, still controversial in
the United States, is perhaps the
. commonest form of birth control
in thc'world at large, and not too
dangeroug, Among the reasons for the dif-
The 1621"“, report prepared ferent rates, the study explains,
by the UN. Population Division are that in Eastern Europe. tom
and tuned Sunday, says; “As ghe of the abortions are criminal;
evidence accumulates, many have there. 19131 ﬂbOrtions are limited
come to feel that abortion may be to the first three months 0f PWZ‘
the single most widely used nancy, while in Scandinavia they
method of birth control in the may be done Inter. and. again, in
world today, Eastern Europe such abortions are
“It appears to be common in restricted to hospitals, while in

;' many countries, whether legalized I’th‘m they mull take “"00 in
' or not. doctors' offices.

“Liberal grounds‘for legal “bar. "The risks of induced abortion
tion are as yet present in only a "lay "0‘ be Emmi" it COQClUdGS.
few countries of the world, ""1 n lit-‘Mm' POPUIMIOH 0f
chiefly, the Scandinavian can“. women where legal measures have
tries, Japan_ the united Kinﬂdamv to a large extent replaced criminal

Czechoslovakia to 4.1 in Japan,
4.5 in Yugoslavia, 89 in Sweden
and 41 in Denmark.

QVY

. a an! ’i
. '9‘ A -
J1“ ' i 1;.

   
 
   
 

  

£1561}!

: Mﬁdﬂiw

Rock 8. Politics Planned

A national rock-political concert tour involving local communities; to call attention to and Durham;
John Lennon and Yoko Ono, Jerry Rubin, Rennie overturn anti-marijuana laws; to encourage )iiung
Davis, and John and Leni Sinclair iii currently in people to register to vote; and to unite young
“the serious talking stage." people behind political issues such as ending thi- m”

  
 
  

   
 
 

.i ' .M
545-; f», 4, V

.~o—

“5-,?

flower-child

)3 A.“

 

i '-

0 .i

. . ' in snow

John Sinclair's Rainbow People's Party in Ann in an attempt to Influence the national elections Ill  w’gdb 

the U-S-S-R-. most or the Eﬂﬂtem “homo” “"d Where “homo” ""3 Arbor reports that Sinclair has been meeting with November. rape y I i

European countries, and, very Performed under "ccepmb'e medi' Lennon, Rubin and Davis in New York in an effort The Rainbow People's Party said there Is an . i , mofher natures i,

recently, in Singapore and in cer- cul condition-“~- io launch the national tour by mid-summer. “excellent chance" that the tour might lll' pin Walking Slowly. heavily through the (“WWW fog! brazen "

iain states of the United States. "The “3" 0‘ .m‘tmlllty from The purpose of the concerts would he to unify together by Junc--and that it could include ohm [rem-h the park sun 3
“Generally, the [egislnuon has pregnancy and childbirth rates run ,md misc money for a youth movement in the concerts on the east coast, the mid-west um] illilllL’ and lineup", your much upon the [eaves

been enacted in recognition of the [mm alto“! 20 dl‘ﬂths Per 100.000 united slut“, Sim-1"], hopes in use the concern, in the west coast::Earih News. '

prevalence of criminal abortions PregmmCies in deVEIUPEd CUUH'

xv. s...

. wept tears
, raise money for child can,- and food programs in ("Id [wannglwu’ [‘10 "m hurry by I may
and of the health risks that “"08 10 0W!" 300 0" m“re in bu! panic awhile in listen to your song. swelled streams
w°men incur in (“Mining them'" devemping countries". S‘udnci‘i whispers in Iln‘ mist. ‘
Legal abortions, especially when The report makes these points A U ‘ j I )dll’mmch "10mm ‘1
performed under the best of con- about other birth control mcth- [barely 33‘ When y'm "mu I "umlz l
ditions, do not. carry similar risks, ods: e o e n  [UH/y [warymlr sway unxcﬂllng leaves. sweet “Sign! Spring n
the study indicates. Sterilization is a highly effective
“In the countries where data of method but it is practically irre-

Play for Illl' .\‘lll)ll(‘ Xllrt‘l'I‘L‘St',

its:

good quality have been analyzed,
the death rates among women
undergoing legal abortions have
been very low," it says.

They compare favorably, it
adds, with mortality noted in
other developed countries from all
complications of pregnancy, child-
birth and its aftermath.

The number of deaths per
100,000 abortions in recent
sample periods is shown, in a table
in the report, to range from 1.2 in

vcrsible.

—'l‘hough male sterilization
seems to be safe, female steriliza-
tion results in iin estimated 25
(lcaths per [00,000. That is a
higher risk than from abortion,
the pill, the loop and other meth-
ods.

-British figures indicate that the
pill produccs an excess risk of
death from blood clots on the
order of three per 100,000 per
year.

EARN WHILE
YOU LEARN

 

HOW WOULD YOU LIKE

you graduate

school

school

 

*$100 per month while in school

*8,200 per year starting salary after
*A deferment from the draft while in
*An Active Duty delay for graduate

*To gain valuable management experience

*A scholarship worth about $2,000 per year?

six-year history of the program

that the number of borrowers
, , Gl' ‘

exceeded one mmmn and the inranteed Student Loan Pro-

number of dollars borrowed ex.

cccdcd one billion.

The President's National Commission on Mari-
juana and Drug Abuse announced this week that its
yeai-long study on mass will he made available at
the cost of one dollar.

A Commission spokesman said that Commission‘s
report will be entitled: "Marijuana: A Signal of
Misunderstanding." The text of the report runs
approximately 175 pages and will be available from
the Government's printing office in Washington,
DC.

Commission insiders have reported that the unani-
mous ‘ ‘inn of the Ill-Commissioners is
that all criminal penalties for the simple possession
of marijuana should be dropped. The report itself

will be released to the public during .l pii-ss
conference in Washington Wednesday morning
Former Pennsylvania Governor Raymond P Slint'i-r.
the chairman of the Commission, will (list-um llu'
contents of the report with membcrs of the [H‘le

People wishing a copy of what will liki-I_\ lw .i
controversial report should write to: The Supt-i
intendent of Documents; in care of the (iovr-riiiiivni
Printing Office; Washington, DC 20402. The ol-
ficial number of the marijuana rcpm'l I~
“52660001.”

A lengthy appendix to the marijuana ri‘porl m“
be released sometime early in Aprlliilt'llrlll Nrii »

Student loans Increase

(CPS)--Morc than one million
post-secondary students borrowed
more than one billion dollars
through the Guaranteed Student
Loan Program in l971, the De-
partment of Health, Education
and Welfare's Office of Education
announced last week.

past 12 months

Over the

banks,

The amount loaned during the

last six years approxi-
H WM the ﬁrst time in [he miitely 4.4 million loans have
been made for a total of more
than $4.! billion under the

gram. The loans are provided by
nearly 20,000 leaders, including

tions, insurance Comptllllt‘s, I'll'llll
“lone '8 Kmutcr unions, and others.

than the total loaned in the first
three years of the program's oper-
ation. During that some one-year
period the average student loan
rose from $876 to $1,008.

U.S. Commissioner of Elllli‘nl nlll
Sidney P. Marland, .lr._ ili-sriiliril
the program as “it very lirighl up!”
in the Administration's cfl'orls In
make opportunities for i-ilumiuni
beyond high school a realm IHI
evoryone." He stated tlial "it tho
been highly successful in int-vino!
its basic objective-~liclpiiig \HI
dents who otherwise might lIiIH‘
been locked out for luck 'Il

savings and loan associa- funds "

 

 

Army ROTC programs are available for under-
graduate and certain graduate students attending
SUN YA by cross-enrollment in ROTC at Siena
College, Loundonville, N. Y. If you are interested or
would like more information, call Slena College
ROTC 485-0501. An officer from the Department
of Military Science, Siena College, will be available
in the SUNYA Administration building, Room 162
from 9:30 am to 2:30 pm, April 14, 1972.

 

 

Kai Hess to speak in Albany -

Currently, $1.2 billion on AP
proximately 29 percent in' lllt‘
total loan volume undcr llII‘ III"

The Albany Coalition is presenting Karl Hess" “'"m mm “mm” """"‘""""

former campaign head and number 1
speech writer for Goldwater’s presidential

status. Nearly 95 percent of '1'"
loans in this category are Iii-mg
repaid on a regular ham. 'llil‘
remainder—about 5 [)(‘H'l'lll in"
accounted for in defaults, hunk

campaign, Who is now Organizing Under ruptcicn, aml deaths and lllml

extreme right/far left politics.

Friday, March 24 at 8 pm in the
V SUNYA Campus Center Assembly Hall PM,

hillticii.

 

Happy Birthday

 

 

I
PAGE 8

w
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS w

 

MARCH 21, 197?.

May your mail ccric ilirgc.

[lung [or inliliulc'x tlL‘/7r(‘.\‘.\‘fllg has!

l/uvc IlllXSt'tl your nun—[wing t‘illllplllllUllK/llll.
lhi' .s‘urnnu'r IlltllllllX arc long

and Illlli'll Inn brig/II for mu.

'lln' Iinkling Inut'h' of warm nighlx

hum my cart in its jl'll'i!li)ll.\'ll('.\‘.\'.

(luyily hux nu .vlri'nglh lrriluici' my lli‘l'lH‘A‘.
l’luy for me l‘llllllt' inn-crust.

I will mde lhc .t‘lurnl

and u/ Ihc crescendo ufyour agony,

Will you and I and lorri'nl ruin unllc once more.

by rosemary kiiiuss

yes still and once again

it ’x spring

and shoes become mud L'llIL'lllIlg things

(ha! slip and .i'h'dc .
and mud becomes more than anything could think
in abundance

and fa wni' who've sccn jut-I their ﬁrst Winter

In: on the side of the road

no! knowing what hit them

i I ’s .i'pring

and groan lniilicd flowers hand from the ground
uml lll‘t'llllli'

um/ nnluri'gm'i' [Hill] with ilin'i'yun

whih' Wil/‘NM' {'Illlllllll .t'l/t'lll .i'uh‘hli'

nn (hr min rim/ml i’llll‘Wll/li'

ll ‘.i .i/n'mg
illlil lllrllX hung from Illi' ll‘l'l‘.\'

(lllll [ri'xh luuuilry Imlii's hung from Ilu' wnnlnwi'
will: Iln'ir ('llllllt'X

uml Will/(It'd .\'l('V(‘Il.\' .i'llll walks puil Illt' .\'hup

in his mung/cl] Silt'lli'l'
(lllil lining on every word.

by joe iiiaiolla

Haiku 10 Spring

lhc lrco gtvill y waves,
light heart and turned affection,
In (all Inc I 'm born.

by patricia luludis

 

ponack

conceived in sorrow
smiles dairies upon
Ilu' marrow.

hy maria buccil‘crro

to sit in spring

i am going out
to sit in Spring.
77mm is always room
alongside April on the park bench,
Wind pushes you around - - ~
balloons understand
kites assure it's alright.
Cool maker hcrocs
winter cowards
huddled inside cotton quilts.
Puddles lie in wait for contributions;
kiss with we! lips
feet offerings.
What an impractical
inefﬁcient time this Spring!
And so inconsistent!
absenimindedly starting something
it can 'i pussibl y finish.

Youngrlcr Spring
starts her time
running.
R cmer panting
ﬂushed,
to grey! summer at a (loud walk.

by [any pliillips

      
      
   
     
       
  
    
   
 
 
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
    
    
   
    
         
 
     
    
    
    
   
     
      
    
  

  
 

   
     
   
  

