 

 

Mummuﬂ. no...» ....._~.,..... _..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l}, l _
l. Trackinan I . , 1 

 

 

 

Art Council 

The Art Council, taking time off
froin their mepressnt budget
atruﬂea. would like to announce
these upcoming events:

April 17 at 7:30 in CC Ameniny
inn-1V0 Arrows. Artht of
the Indian Quad skins An Iris-
quoh Indian, lie b- taudit lid
appeared before my scholastic
groups, and h- enioyed two 0.8.
Government-sponsored tours of
Asia—all have been extremely suc-
cessful. Tour will give an
“audience participation” lecture
with “The Living Story of My
People" as the topic.

April 19 at 1:00 pm. in the

ceramic studio. Harry Hall. a
eerarnist from (hpe Cod. will be
here—he excells in Oriental style
and was the creator of the Seargo
Wheel.

Student Art Sale—April 22. 12
noontohp.m.intbeCCCentral
Lounp. Ceramics. painting. sculp-
ture, jewelry, and so on.

April 20—Robert Ehenday. As-
sociate Prof. at New Paltz whose
jewelry has been shown inter-
nationally (his work is presently
included in the art gallery's exhi-
bit) will gire two daytime demon-
strations and a lecture with slides
at 7 p.111. in FA 126.

8th \Step Coffee House

Ray Allen, Monday. May 1, all
day in the FA Ceramics Studio. A
farout. funky ceramist. He has
traveled and been shown eaten-‘
sirely, and recently, several of his
pieces were bought by the
National Mineum of Japan.

Albert Paley—jeweler and black-
smith. his work was included in
the Art Gallery's present. He will
be in the FA jewelry studio on
Wednesday, May 3.

Children‘s Theatre

The Children's Theatre Touring
Company will present THE EM-
PEROR‘S NIGHTINGALE in two

special performances on Sunday. -

April l6th at I and 3 pm. on the
Main State, P.A.C.

Chaplin Fe'sl on Ch. 17

Charlie Chaplin is back and
TV-l'l is commemorating the fact
by returning a week of great
Chaplin silent shorts to the TV
screen late in the evenings of April
21 through April 28. Beginning at
12:00 midnight Friday, April 21.
WMH'I‘ Public Television will com-
mence the silent film festival with
“The Tramp," “A Night in the
Show," and “The Cure." The
Charlie Chaplin Film Festival con-
tinues throughout the next week
on Channel 17 at the conclusion
of regular weekly program hours.

After its midnight premiere on
Fri., Apr. 21 the Charlie Chaplin
Film Festival continues at 10:00
p.m. Saturday, April 22 as Chan-
nel 17 telecasls Charlie Chaplin in

"Triple Trouble", “The Floor-
walker”, "The Immigrant", “One

Chaplin offerings for Sunday,
April” commence at 11:00 pm.
with “The Fireman” and “The
Pawnshop". Also at 11:00 pm.
on Monday, April 24. the flickt‘est
will air “The Count" and “Behind
the Screen".

On Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday, April 25-27, Channel
17's Charlie Chaplin Film Festival
airs at 11:30 pm. Tuesday it’s
“East Street", “The Adventurer"
and “The Champion". Wednes-
day's billings spotlight Chaplin in
"The Bank" and “Dough and
Dynamite". “His Regeneration",
“His Night Out" and “Caught in
the Rain" come to you at 11:30
pm. on Thursday. April 27.

WMHT-TV winds up the Charlie
Chaplin Film Festival at 12 mid-

 

  

Slickmen Ouiclass FDU

Miller Nels Seven Assists

Farleigh Dickinson came to Al-
bany. Wednesday, to play the
varsity Lacrosse team. They
shouldn't haVe bothered coming.
The Danes opened their 1972
season by trouncing their guests
13-1.

Just back from Easter vacation
alid a five day trip to Maryland
and West Point, Coach Bob Ford's
squad took advantage of a weak
FDU defense and better overall
conditioning to completely out-
class their opponents.

Probably the best part about the
southern trip was that the team
got a chance to play some lacrosse

by Dave Fink

 

25 in
By Kenneth Arduino

The Albany State trackmen
shattered three team records and
set two track records in winning
their twenty~ﬁfth in a row as the
Danes beat William Patterson Col-
lege 109-35 last Monday after-
noon.

Three of those records were
broken by freshman Brian Quinn
in the three mile run. This was the
ﬁrst time this race was ever run on
the Albany track and Quinn’s
opponent was the New Jersey
record holder Tom Fleming.

Brian got some help from his
teammates when he was held out
of the one mile whilc Fleming
won the race. Even though Fle-
ming won the mile, Albany's Bill
Sorel pressured him throughout,
and Fleming was unable to coast
to victory.

When the three mile event start-

!ecords with a ton of 47' 10 3/4".
Rudy has the potential of beating
that record again with improve

ment in form. Riﬂit now Rudy is
only using his strength to throw
it.

The surprise of the meet was
Albany's good showing in the 400
yard Intermediate hurdlers. John
Streeter and Bob Mallory finished
one. two in the event.

Another suprise was Harvey So-
bel showing in the sprints. Injuries
had cut the sprinters down as
both Cleve Little and Ed Williams
are hurt. Sobel running as practice
won the 220 yard dash and finish-
ed second in the 100. Cliff Rich-
ardson finished third in both e~
vents giving the Danes a sweep.
The three were joined by Dave
Tcllier to win the 440 yard relay.
This was the first time this team
had worked together, yet there

 

 

 

 

‘ . .. . . . . , tsid rath th n ' th 1 , I _ I
‘. ‘- NiGHTiNGALE has been A.M.’ . The Vagabond ', and night Friday night April 28 With gﬁey 90pmle u: alt" Anzaﬁgns ed, Quinn was fresh while Fleming was lime problem.
 ‘ onwew” "win" Apr“ 19' 1972‘ touring throughout the semester .The R'"" ' "Twenty minutes work" against the Navy Plebe Team waIs a :ittIle Itirch. I’IIIIhe Ipace Iwns Sal Rodriguez and Arnie Shell
t y The Eiﬂllh 3MP COffee house. 14 Ville“ Sin. Offers 8 to elementary schools and day- (freshmen) and while they lost, :z‘ri'ggmamm‘g wgu‘innem'wtgg VI: WI?" the 449 33nd 880 respectively.
= somewhat different program than we have been traditionally been care centers ‘hme or four 10.9 in overtime. they began to I I - WI!" T ey were joined by the runner
= l l ' ‘ ' . .- ' . . Pass h|m hhd COﬂCh Munsey had ups in those races, Dave Peak and
. known for. On that mﬂit. Mr. Harry Donner, Tenor. Affiliate Ari-Isl- momm s a week to me dehgm of  Jcll. Two days latcr, they heal. the to kce him no“ will , mo {Mt . . .
l with the Lake Georg Opera Festival. sponsored by the New York I g ’ l- Army Plebes 5-4, and than, an" a p I ' h h I - RIChafd HOW“. to win the mlle
l - - - - children, parcnts, and educators ll Even ihough ihm was u three mlie mmyI
. p State Council on the Arts, in cooperation with the Glens Falls I 9 few days rest. handed back L0 cc Imd QUI I“ d I
'  Foundation. will present an informal program of mimic, from alike. Now if returns to SUNYA r Albany to practice for theiropem III: -SI‘III mIIn'I‘I':c:“"IO “bfé’nVIrmIFI’I: Th0 Jumpers were another A]-
. 1 Broadway to Opera. The Afﬁliate Artist program issupportcd in part in a two-performance engagement .  or this past Saturday hi, Brock. Albnny record a" the Iwo mile I) many strong holdd wIith a sweep in
" b a ant from the National Endowment for the Arts and is designed ' II IEJI . .I port. 1; was cancelled because of y e ongjump an tie triple Jump.
l V 3" tor the beneﬁt of A.S.S. T , two secondsI MCCIIII and D V R Ids d d
.l to bring young pmfmional performers closer to their audiences vin . . , . .  5.: Show The Danes knew they were , I ll u e eyno I I i
. . . , . ihc lnlcrndllondl Children s g  . , With a little more than a lap left the honors. Reynolds also finish-
~l presentations in an informal manner so as to establish a rapport With . , I, back; there were 5”. Inches Oh the I I I I I I I
,j. the audience_ Thculrc Conlcrcncc coming to Al-  I ground and the wmd behind him, Quinn “(150mm m the hlgh JUmpI He
 Mr. Danner was educated at the George School in Bucks County burly Stale in June. Tickets for  Bu. Wednesday turned out m be infant:  Ezcuuuﬁhldl"? 0“ WIRE lIlIﬂmlmred by 8 strong Wind.
\ ‘ . i . , . 1 a ‘ -
 Pa., and received an AB. degree from Dickinson College in Political llic delightful production ol the Anyone who had the dubious it does have a few high pOInls .I a beautiful day for everyone but handily winning .,,”,,,;,.  a: ,ﬁZ‘”§'“‘§.,‘§f"’.‘§;" V331],
Science. I I II I __ II Hans Christian Anderson fairy talc' pleasure catching Delaney & Bon- Bonnie sings a couple of tunes and E the guys from N0?" Jersey: The twenty 'vmis in a time of 14:26.9, declared with Ross [Andersen wln- . l
Pan- 2125;: '38 ﬂrﬁalzdnlhslre mIIIchaIS. Bgloug-IIS 11;: ruff“: are on sale 1 l-4 daily in the nie and their latest collection of as always. the lady is sweet, soul-  {LrstIqum't‘I‘r Gilded "1 ﬂ 1‘1 he but ii new school record. hing for Albany with a vault of 11 ‘
“9' he ma. 3 ' .. "go oway‘ a 0“ a“ m I’.A.C. Box Office (and from l2 Friends down at the gym last ful, and a pleasure to listen to. l: , ﬂ 3 as F058 as ” {Ever “’“5‘ Md The other ‘two records were set feet.
. as well as West Side Story. These stamng rol have occurred at I I I _ I  by captain Jeff 0 Donne“ and IIIPom b RudI VIdo I III h I II Th III I I
l. mo“ of the major summer “mm” “m the country. An" these noon on Sunday the Hub) lor a month IS not likely to be tempted And everyone gets off quite nicely  mmckmen Jnhn Wilcox and BIIIIII y I y hIl r  c 5 Int puk. IencIIx SoiIne 31cm is uItriangle I II
1 roles, he appeared as soloist at the White House in "Salute to thc donalion of “.00. Children's lo purl. with any $$$ f0! lllis. on C(Jlllill' HOME. Willl Yeoman  Nobus, all with three goals apiece, WiL‘s‘ grout in UH' L'Uﬂl IlllhOUl-lh be his quickness and speed, especially 5:11: Isothlsthgzchy52lr “(I)”, 3:“; Egg“? Hartiig: :38 N:;el:;;::
Am'im Musical “ea‘m'n honoring "'9 mm“ Minlsw” "f Gm" Tllczllrc. Which has brought you However, it isn't a bad album. assistance from the late Duane the Stickmen dominated the ac- had to make only 9 saves on ii while clenringtliohull. '
I airfln and gill-TI;- M II I“ 0 St If h h I I PETER I’AN'CIIARLIE BROWN. Unfortunately, it isn't ll very good Allmun on slide guitur(thn Dela. lion. Barry Sudoff, ’l‘om Mullin, lolal of only fl fir-(1n Sillllr. AI lokt All in all, it was a good day. The 3
. ' l ‘ ‘ I ' I - - ' ‘ F2 9' '.' i ' .' I: ' ’ ' i
k: a mem r o e e ropoli a pen: I! lo, 1: assung r0 as In EVERYIKIND 0F THINGI and “MICme ncy mad m do it himseu down 8. Jules Schneider and Jimmy Mllltl‘ ol lhi milii lor l irlngi s u Dims looked hood and they ll get 1

"Don P-quale" and "Co-i Fan Tutti."



 

 

Julius Hegyi combats the A80 on April 22nd.

 

The editor of
TORCH '72

sends his greetings to
all the Gay Students and

THE YELLOW LAUGH, rclurnsl

 

ASO Ready to Blow

George Criinib's. “Echoes of
Time and The River" which will
be performed April 2| at the Tray
Music Hall. and April 22. ill the
PillilCC Tlicalrc in Albany. by the
Albuin Symphony Orchestra is a
new and diffcrcill lypc ofcompo-
sitioii. The work lillciripls lo cap-
ture the essence of lllc composer's
impressions named in his dcsclp-
Iivc title.

The work is sciiii-slugcd and
subtitled “Four l’roccssionais for
Orchestra." The four movements
build together into an orchestral
suilc. Criuiib uses new techniques
In acute descriptive images.

"Echoes" encompasses llic audi-
torium and the listener with a
sense of man‘s coiiliiiuum and in
his ecological signiﬁcance lll his
surrounding. 'l‘lic composer pro-
jccls his oneness Willi his world lo

  
 
  
   
  
   

lllll'l‘ll RIGHT
Effective alternative to abortion
nonprofit; non (ii-nominalioiiiil

free: no charge
lllHlIb: Mull i ll ‘) I

h? Itotiiii Slruol
IlliJvI'HlLl

ll. Wail li-ll piii
Alli-my
Ifit'i-T I fill

 

     

llic audience in orally pleasant
and involving streams of sound.

In this masterpiece Crumb cx-
plorcs the reaches of innovative
compositional techniques. Un-
usual sounds are created by musi-
cians chanting the motto of West
Virginia in Latin, words spoken in
Trombones, deliculcly, pitched
Antique cymbals, and whistling
by groups of musicians. The com-
poser autographs his work ill the
mud movement by spelling his
name oul in Morse code on lllL‘
piccolo. From il musicians point
of view [he work presents a
unique CllilllL‘llgL‘. liach musician
has a full score and is able lo sec
ﬁll all limes how his part is inte-
grated illlo the whole.

Julius llcgyi Will also colidllcl
’l‘scliiiikovsky‘s No. .1 "Polish"
and llcclliovcii's. Piano Concerto
No. 4 ill G major, Wllll Eugene
lslomin, plillllsl.

the Gym the results were painful).
There are thirteen, count 'cm.
lllirtccn CCI’lllT‘dblc other ‘hcavics'
of the music business listed as
supporting musicians in addition
to the scvermnan band that up-
pczircd with them here (plus one
addition). Merry Cluyloii & Vail-
cilil Fields do a nice chorus or
two, bill. i can't figure out whal
the rest of them—including Billy
Preston. John Hartford, Jim Gor‘
don,and Bobby Womackrwcrc
doing on this album. The support-
ing instrumentation, with the ex-
ccption of Duailc’s slide on G»
mill'llrmlc. is strictly ordinary.
The album itself is, l'in afraid.
slriclly ordinary. One of these
days Delaney and Bonnie may put
out the killer album they arc so
obviously capable of. bill it llilsli‘l
happened yet. And if lliclr i‘cccill
pcrfornumcc here is a icllalilc
guide, it may never happen.

Tickets for the Troy CilllL‘L‘I’l‘
Apiil 3| oi llic Albany conccrl.‘

April 22
calling 405-4755. Coilccil lime
for both ciiiicils is 8:30.

may be obtained by‘

each added markers, but it was
Miller who was most l-l'foclivv,
assisting on an unbelievable Sl‘Vl‘ll
goals. Jimmy just started playing
attack two games ago (llt‘ llilil
been playing midfield) and lll'
looked right at home.

As usual, Captain ’i‘um lll'lslt'l'

of offense, lmwvvvr, has to llt‘
given to our (ll-l'i-iisu. Lori lly
piniiir lraiisl'i-i' Danny (ivl‘olimalis.
sl-iiiors (furl Smith and Jeff Rubin
and freshman Barry Mlllt'l‘, llii-y
continually lllwill'll'fl what little
ol'l'i-iisi- llu- visitors roulrl Illustl'l'.
(ioriilimalis iimlmvd l'Vi‘l‘VUlll' willi

l)l‘ll(*l‘. 'I‘livir opponents looked
lmil but that won‘t always be the
misc lll weeks 10 crime. in short, it
was a good beginning but there
:in- slill a lot ol’ games to play and
another division championship to
make a riln at. Anything might
ll1I[)|)('ll. ll might i-vmi snow again.

 

 

speak

Philosopher, author and teacher Will

problems ol human exlslenca:

 

at Carnegie Hall on the basic

Saturday. April 29—11 am
Sunday. A rll30—11sm
Saturday. ay 6—11 am
Sunday. May 1—11 am

Tlckets: 32.00-55.00. The complete
serles: 3800-82000. Avollable at the
Game Is Hall Box Olllce. Sponsored
by the rlshnumuril Foundation. P. O.
Box 216. Olal. Calllornla 93023.

 

WURIIII‘? 8/3”” ‘3 Discover the World on Your l

SEMESTER AT SEA

Sails each September it February
Combine accredited study with
educational stops ln Alrlca. Aus-
tralasia and the Orient. Over 5000
students from 450 campuses have

 

* ' Gay Visitors, and wishes

them the best during
their demonstration

‘ABN‘I/

  
  

Just publlshed:
YOU ARE THE WORLD 
Krishnamurtl‘s American university
talks tell us to become our own
teachers and lo look wllhln ourselves

lllsr iii the [ﬂuids

    

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

1 already oxparlenced this lnlarna- Sunday, April 16th at 7:30 in LC—18.....FREE with tax 8i ID, $.50 without lo brln about a lranslormatlon ol
d w   twilfeblmney I?” the wor d. Paper. $1.95
an ee I a va a e. r e I II I,
~ now lorlrec catalog: The Last of our science Fiction sales funded by student fox  mus ammo I
WCA. Chapman College. Boa 6012. Orange, Cal. 02660

"until-mi: being Gay and rolling Torch '72

 
 

 

 

 

 

Eh...“—

 

l‘ PAGE 12 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1972 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 13

FRIDAY. APRIL 14. 1972

 

