 

 

 

rejoiced
drank
sper ~-

 

an

0

Start yourown spring celebration with Tyrolia, California
white wrne and natural fruit flavors. The new wine

that captures the spirit of spring. Pure wine that’s as
light and bright as that first spring day. With the
crisp, clean taste of oranges, lemons and flowery
spices. Drink Callo Tyrolia, the wine of spring.

And celebrate!

: t alumina “lute Wini- .\ Natural liuil llamas
(ullltl Vlllt‘\.lltl\ Walton). ( .IlitinnI.I

 

 

 

 

é 5 state

 

Vol. LIX No. 22

Speclal Edltlon Sunday. April 16,1972

American bomber crews wait their turn whil

e a bomb-laden plane is catapulted off the deck of an aircraft carrier.

B-52’s Blast Haiphong

SAIGON AP - The United States
sent waves of B525 and smaller
bombers against the North Vietna-
mese port city of Haiphong Sun-
day in a predawn retaliation for
the enemy‘s invasion of the
South, which has Saigon's forces
battling desperately on three main
fronts.

The US. Command said B525
and Navy and Air Force tactical
fighter-bombers also hit other tar-
gets in North Vietnam but did not
specify where. The command in-
dicated the raids on the North
were heavy, and pilots said about
200 warplanes took part. It was
the first time in the war that the
giant 13-525 raided as far north as
l‘laiphong~275 miles north of the
demilitarizcd zone and about 55
miles east of Hanui—anda turna-
bout for the four-year-old US.
policy dU-OSCllliltlllﬂ systematic
bombing ol' North Vietnam.

U.S. planes have never in the
past launched systematic attacks
on the actual port, through which
North Vietnam receives most of
its war supplies. Such raids would
have raised the danger of hitting
Soviet ships in the port and "isking
a confrontation with Moscow.

The U.S. Command said all 352s
in the raid returned sal'ely, but
made. no mention on smaller air-
craft. Hanoi Radio claimed five
planes were shot ‘lown—one 852
and four jet fighter-bombers The.
U.S. Command has never reported

3 B52 shot down in the Vietnam
war.

Sources said the raiders included
escort fighter-bombers to protect
against MIG figther attacks, tank—
ers for refueling and support air-
craft equipped with radar-jam-
ming gear.

The raids were ordered by Pre-
sident Nixon in retaliation for the
18-day North Vietnamese offen»
sive in South Vietnam, U.S. mili-
tary sources said.

The command said in a coin-
munique that raids were conduc-
ted previously against military tar-
gets near Vinh and Bai Thuong,
1/15 to 200 miles north of the
demilitarized zone.

The communique said targets in
the raids over the north included
such logistical facilities as fuel
dumps, warehouses, truck parks,
and “other activities which are
supporting the invasion of South
Vietnam by North Vietnamese
forces."

Ground Fighting

Meanwhile, on the front north of
Saigon, hundreds of South Viet-
namese paratroop reinforcements
flew in helicopters to An Lee to
help stave off a new North Viet-
namese tank drive into the pro-
vincial capital. President Nguyen
Van ’I‘hieu has ordered An Loc
held at all costs.

US. Air Force planes began
dropping food and ammunition to

the defenders who regained most
of An Lee on Friday only to be
faced with an enemy tank attack
early Saturday.

A Viet Cong broadcast claimed
the city, (50 miles north of Saigon,
had been “liberated,” but U.S.
officers disputed this, saying the
situation at nightfall had sta-
bilized in An Lee and that the
defenders still held most of it.

In the far north, pressure moun-
ted on Fire Base Bastogne, where
the South Vietnamese defean the
approaches to Hue, the old impe-
rial capital. South Vietnamese u-
nits were unable to get through
with reinforcements and supplies.

South Vietnamese troops in the
central highlands lost their first
fire base to a wave of North
Vietnamese troops. The base was
one of a string guarding the way
to Kontum, which was believad to
be a key Communist command
objective.

A sharp battle broke out Satur-
day just inside Cambodia, about
65 miles southeast of An Loc,
between North Vietnamese and a
combined Cambodian-South Viet-
namese I'OI'CH.

And, four enemy rocket and
mortar barrages ranging from Da
Nang to the Mekong Delta left
one American dead and 28 woun-
ded, in the worst series of attacks
against American positions since
Communist-led forces launched a
general offensive March 30.

 

Bv Gregg Herrington
Associated Press Writer

President Nixon‘s critics warned Saturday night that the President’s
decision to send American bombers into the Haiphong vicinity could
risk an expanded war.

The initial reaction to news of the bombing was marked by words of
fear l'rom liberal Democrats who have opposed Nixon's war policies.

News of the attack caught most key senators and congressmen out
of Washington for the weekend, so initial responses were slow in
coming.

For the most part, the administration remained silent. A White
House spokesman said there would be no comment either Saturday
night or Sunday, and the Pentagon. too, refused to add details to the
announcement by the U.S. Command in Saigon.

Sen. Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, a contender for the Democratic
presidential nomination, called the bombing a terrible risk with
respect to mainland China and the Soviet Union. “It is a risk of wider
war if the trend continues," Muskie said, “Maybe something more
horrible."

Sen. Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, another presidential
aspirant, termed the surprise action “very dangerous" and said Nixon
should seek United Nations assistancv in getting a warm fire in
Vietnam.

Lawrence 1“. O’Brien, chairman of the Democratic National Commit-
tee, said in Seattle the decision “By Mr. Nixon to bomb the Haiphong
area runs the gravest of risks, particularly since a great number of
Soviet ships are undoubtedly present in Haiphong Harbor. This
dramatic bombing escalation could well bring the world to the brink
of an expanded war."

Another Democratic presidential hopeful, Sen. Henry M. Jackson of
Washington, declined comment until learning more of the details.
Alone among the party’s presidential rivals, Jackson has generally
supported Nixon's gradual troop withdrawal plans.

Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., called it “a reckless escalation of
the warI a wanton response to theI utter failure of the President‘s
Vietnamizution."

<A€m  gs... w... .

 

