 

..-,.l~.~;‘r—», 72—. .. .

 

 

i.»
i

l

.3'2’3

- a

271:: a.!-J.<.;w\‘..

"'72:"

     

3...“:

 
   
   
  
    
      
     
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
    
   
  
 
 

     
 

Nixon? Decision Brings -
iNatiOHal and World Criticism

the current llghtingin South Viet- Yet .decldﬁd how ‘0 dell With
nanrdurlng the next three weal“. Nixon's direct challenge to the
But he said the effects of Nixon’s Soviet leldeﬂhlp-
action should have some impact lndia joined Communist govern-
» . aftarwarda if the mines interdict manta today In condmenlns the
WAsHING'pON (AP) _ shipments of am. and w" mining of the North Vietnamese
. hident Nixdn'. daemon to “.1 material. ports while America's allies con-
off North Vietnamese harbors In “‘9' senate: debate “Ema “P “mud to support the move'
with mines has touched off civil Elli" on whether to cut .off "The"! 05" he "0 luallﬁcnilon
dhturb-nceg. Inked 3 b1“; of money for U.S. combat forces in for lhll escalation." Foreiln
Democncic chuckmimd brought Indochina after the Democrats Minister Swaran Singh told the
White Home "mm-ah“, for «3 voted in 29 to 14 caucus for Indian Parliament. “Hundreds of
newera in East-West relations." udilllpproving escalation of the lhOUGIndD or human liVeB are
But the imp-ct of Entering the war in Vietnam as announced by being l0“ Md more are belnl
undema explmives to keep ships the President." rendered homeless and I am sure
laden. with military cargo from 0n the House side, Rep, Bells this house will join the govern-
entenng North Vietnamese ports Abzug, D-N.Y., said several other ment in condemning this latest
probably wonlg he felt on the representatives wouldJoin her in escalation.”
banking” for at has; three introducing an impeachment reso- North Korea's COmn’lunlﬁt Party
"chaﬁng Home NM”, Henry lution. The militantly antiwar newspaper, Nodong Sinnum,
A. Kissinger uht congresswoman labelled Nixon's called Nixon a “war maniac, . . . a
Pepin-p. ch” “longest de. decision a "high crime.” truculent warmonger, a murderer
nuncmtion of the pruident’s A number of windows of and vicious enemy of peace.”
latest wu- decilio§ came from American business offices were The POIlEh PM“ said the Pehtﬂ'
Senate Democrats, who Tuesday broken when 1,200 demonstrators son hawks had persuaded Nixon
voted disapproval of the action, marched through the streets of to escalate the war and increase
anda Houaenntiwar member who F'ﬂhhfun. Germany. Leftist or- the "hﬂl'bal’o‘ll" all raids 0V9!
talked of initiating impeachment snniztions in Paris called two North Viemam- However. the
proceeding 'ngaingt the com. demonstrations for wednﬁday article avoided personal attack on
mandarin chief. evening to protest Nixon’s move. Nixon Who is SChEdHIEd ‘0 Vlﬁii
Kiminpr, the White House French police said the gathering; Poland later this month.
foreign affairs adviser, told re. Would be banned because no re. The Cairo newspaper Al
porters tint Nixon we. mu hope. quest had been made for per. Gomhouria, the organ of the
fol of meeting with Kremlin lead- mission to hold them and because rulins Arab Socialist Union
‘ are later this month during the PUbllc order would be en« “awed Nixon 0f "Puahlnﬂ the,
planned Moscow summit talks, dangerad. world to the brink of war to win
“I am not able to predict Soviet fe'elNlion-"
reaction," Kissinger said. But he
said the decision to mine the
harbom would pose "short-term
difficulties” for Soviet leaders. .
Whether Moscow would scrub exercise caution in reporting Presi~
the talks, however, remained un- dent Nixon's orders to cut the
certain, Kremlin reaction was supply of Soviet war materials to
mute. North Vietnam by mining the

AP Compilation

4, ;,.

_._

Sov-et Reaction Britain and other allies voiced a
hope that Nixon’s decision would
The Soviet press continued to hasten the war's end. But France
and the Scandinavian countries
were critical.

Rocks and potatoes were hurled
at Vice President Spiro T.
Agnew’s limosine in Columbus,

 

Jacob A. Malik, Soviet am-
bassador to the United Nations,
told newsmen in New York that
“I agree with many American
congressmen who condemn the
new act of aggression." it was the
first comment from a high Soviet
ofﬁcial. The ofﬁcial Soviet news
agency Tnss called the decision

“naked aggression."

A spokesman for the North
Vietnamese delegation to Paris
said Nixon “has taken the gravest
step in the escalation of the war

North Vietnamese harbors.

Pravda, the Communist party
newspaper and the Soviet Union’s
most important paper, again re-
frained from direct comment and dinner, “Your President will not
published Tuesday's Tuss dispatch
from 'Wnshington, which called years old, to be degraded or de-
Nixons step “naked acts of
aggression" and a “violation of

norms of international law."

The paper, the only one pub-
lished today after u three-day
holiday marking the end of World
War II, also carried Tuesday ’5 Toss

to date, hurling an insolent chal- dispatches on antiwar demon-

lenge to the Vietnamese people."
And a state_ment from Hanoi de-
clared “the North Vietnamese

people will never accept Mr.
Nixon's ultimatum."

Kissinger predicted the sea quar-
antine would have no effect on

strations in the United States, the
bombing of North Vietnam and
the “liberation of areas of South
Vietnam."

The caution in the government-
controlled press seemed to in-
dicate that the Kremlin hud not

Mining May Cut
Down Food Supplies

WASHINGTON (AP) - The
mining of seven North Vietnamese
ports could cut down food sup-
plies for the country’s civilians
while curbing the flow of arms
from Communist allies to Hanoi's
military forces.

As much as 40 per cent of the
tonnage arriving in North Vietnam
from the Soviet Union and other
Communist nations has included
wheat. flour, rice, soybeans and
agricultural machinery.

Even in normal times North
Vietnam does not grow enough
food to meet its needs, U.S. ex-
perts say. And food imports are
believed to have become even
more important since extensive
ﬂoods ruincd part of North Viet-
nam’s rice crop.

According to recent intelligence

reports, about 200,000 tons of
supplies were delivered in North

PAGE 2

Vietnam last month, the vast bulk
of it through Haiphong. About
2.2 million tons were shipped in
over a year's time, the reports
said.

The Haiphong port complex has
been modernized and expanded
during the more than three years
it was free from U.S. bombing.

Virtually all of NorthiViotnam's
hoavy mllitury equipment,
including tanks, artillery. trucks,
and surface-to-nir, misslesproachcs
North 'Vlctn‘nm from Russia
through the Haiphong port.

North Vietnam's leadership has
tired to reduce reliance on
Haiphong and has acted to de-
velop smaller ports to handle
more of the incoming ship traffic.
Two ports. originally used mostly
to export hard coal to Japan, have
in the past three years been up-
graded to accommodate deep-
druft ships.

dollar fell
currencies.

Ohio, with one object hitting the
rear window. Agnew was not in-

Agncw told a GOP fund-raising
permit this nation, nearly 200

menned. He is going to stay with
this problem, and he is going to
solve it."
the economic front, an-
nouncement of the military of-
fensive caused American stock
prices Tuesday to plummet in the
sharpest one-day decline in six
months. The Dow Jones averages
of 30 industrials fell 12.72 points.
On foreign exchanges, gold soared
to record high prices — $54 an
ounce in London —- while the
in relation to other

Presidential Adviser Dr. Henry A. Kiallnoer discusses
White House news briefing Tuesday. He cited shortvter
proceed with the May 22 Moscow summit talks.

ASP EXTRA

\

 

Chronology of

North Vietnamese forces began their offensi

South Vietnamese bases. Offensive begins.
April 1 - In heaviest fighting since 1968

continue until North Vietnamese pull back.

April 15 - 852s hit Hanoi and Haiphoi

Vietnam.

May 1 - South Vietnamese abandon Quang
targets throughout North Vietnam"
on situation. President Thieu shakes up his
Kissinger confers secretly in Paris with Le
Vietnam.

indefinitely.

home from European trip.
May 8 - Nixon meets with National Securit

North Vietnamese ports. Nixon says U.S.
appropriate measures within the internal and

a withdrawal of all U.S. troops four months

 

cease-fire in Indochina.

By the ASSOCIATED PRESS

.h I. “I”. “Hi, '
new i, a m of key devgiopmpta in the five weeks since

March 30 - North Vietnamese launch heavy artillery attack on

Vietnamese push to within five miles of Quang Tri.
April 3 - North Vietnam claims "big victories."
April 4 - Additional‘US B-62s ordered to Southeast Asia,
April 5 - Hanoi denounces retaliatory U.S. air strikes.
April 7 - Defense Secretary Melvin R. Laird says bombing will

April 8 - U.S. 7th Fleet doubles force off Southeast Asia.
de-escalation of strikes against major targets deep in the l’)()l‘l.ll
April 26 - U.S. announce: it will resume Paris peace talks, ‘
April 26 - President Nixon announces in nationwide address that
he will withdraw another 20,000 troops from Vietnam by July 1
Pentagon says South Vietnamese have successfully absorbed

invasion. Dr. Henry Kissinger, Nixon's national security adviser
. r .
returns from secret Moscow trip: no word on discussion or

says South Vietnamese will be able to hold, and pledges: “W- are
prepared to use our military and naval strength against military

May 3 - Laird sends U.S. military specialists to Saigon to ruport
May 4 - U.S. and North Vietnam call off Paris pence tiilks
May 7 - Nixon summons Secretary of State William P. Rogers
an address to the nation, announces the mining of entrances to

waters of North Vietnam" to block delivery of supplies. He offers

r’s ‘ '
p l oners are returned and there is an internationally supurvlscd

 

Events

ve in South Vietnam:

Tet offensive, North

:1, ending fou r~ycar

'I‘ri. In Texas, Nixon

military command.
Duc Tho of North

y Council, then, in

forces will "Luke
claimed territorial

after all American

 
   

 

By Edwin G. White
Associated Press Writer

SAIGON (AP) - U.S. jets shot
down seven MIGs, bombed the
Hanoi-Haiphone complex and
ranged over other scattered areas
Wednesday in the deepest and
heaviest air attacks on North Viet-
nam in more than four years.

Hanoi claimed 16 U.S. planes
shot down and many pilots taken
prisoner. The U.S. Command in
Saigon did not mention any
American losses.

In Washington, Secretary of De-
fense Melvin R. Laird said one
Soviet cargo vessel and possibly
more had changed course since
the mining of the ports Tuesday
morning to cut off war supplies.

Laird reported 16 Soviet vessels
in Haiphong, the North's chief
port, along with 5 from China, 4
from Britain and 11 others from
various Communist countries.

The mines were set to activate at
7 p.m. Thursday - 7 a.m. EDT
this morning.

' Russian Ship Hit

A Hanoi broadcast said U.S.
planes attacked the Soviet cargo
ship Pavek Tuesday in North Viet-
namese waters, causing heavy
damage and wounding four crew-
men.

A Pentagon spokesman in
Washington said “no ships wer
targeted" by U.S. planes. But he
added that in the mine-seeding
operations Tuesday there was
heavy ﬁring between U.S. planes
and North Vietnamese ground in-
stallations and the spokesman did
not rule out the possiblity the
Soviet vessel could have been
caught in crossfire.

Another Hanoi broadcast said a
U.S. destroyer was set afire by
coastal guns while she shelled
Haiphong Wednesday. Hanoi
claimed two other destroyers were
set afire off Haiphong on Tues-
day.

In Saigon, President Nguyen
Van Thieu imposed martial law
throughout the nation apparently

to strengthen the government’s
hand in dealing- with the North
Vietnamese offensive that began
March 30.

'I‘hieu also fired Lt. Gen. Ngo
Dzu as his military commander in
the central highlands where the
enemy has taken over territory
and threatens to seize Kontum, a
provincial capital.

The U.S. Command in Saigon
announced the massive air strikes
on North Vietnam and said more
are in store.

Wednesday's raids carried to rail
and fuel storage sties “in the
vicinity" of Han major port city
of Haiphong, the command said.
It did not pinpoint the distances
of the targets from the two cities.

Other sources said earlier the
attacks also hit at North Viet-
nam's northwest railway only 60
miles from the border or China.

“These strikes were made in
pursuance of orders to reduce to
the maximum extent possible the
flow of military supplies in sup
port of the massive Communist

Laird Says U.S. May Use Military
Force to Stop Foreign Ships

WASl‘llNGTON (AP) -- Secretary of Defense
Melvin R. Laird indicated Wednesday the Unilcd

. HEAVIESI ATTACKS lN4 YE

invasion across the demillteriud
zone," the U.S. Command said.

The command statement also
said the actions were being taken
"to help protect the livaa of re-

maining U.S. forces in South Viet-
nam and to help the Republic of
Vietnam resist the aggression by
the enemy."

The seven Soviet-supplied MIGs
knocked down tied the record of
a like number destroyed in a
single day in January 1967 at the
height of the earli -ir war.

Twenty miles northeast of Sai-
gon, a big U.S. Army helicopter
crashed in ﬂames and all 32
American aboard were killed, mili-
tary spokesmen said.

The cause of the crash was listed
as unknown, but a spokesman said
there was no indication of enemy
ﬁre in the area.

The heaviest action on the bat-
tlefields centered in the central
highlands and in the Saigon cor-
ridor leading north from the capi-
tal to the Cambodian border.

By Robert A. Dobkin
AI’ Militale Writer

As Laird spoke, U.S. warplanes were carrying out
the heaviest ruids over the North in more than four
years, hitting targets in the Hanoi-Haiphong arcs

   
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
       
  
     
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
   
      
   
    
 
    
   
     
    
    

Enemy forces continued to hit
at the Ben Hat border ranger
camp north of Kontum, but
Saigon headquarters” said the
position was holding.

On the northern front around
Hue, no major new ground
ﬁghting was reported.

Navy Makes
Warning

WASHINGTON AP - The Navy
issued a formal warning today to
all shipping that mine ﬁelds
around the entrances of seven
North Vietnamese pits will be
armed at 7P.M. local time Thurs-
day and that vessels sailing those
waters after that “must do so at
their own risk.”

The warning was issued by the
Naval Oceanographic Ofﬁce fol-
owing President Nixon's
announcement Monday night of
mine measures to .prevent the
landing of war supplies by Russian
and other ships in North Vietnam.

 

 

wslustrgqlian Prime .Minister newspaper Nhan Dan, "that mule
menlfl‘n sMahon said his govern- relations and communications biz-
un “Stands and supports" tween the Democratic Republic or

Nixon and “strongly condemns” Vietnam and

other nations is

(North't'Vietnam and its allies but based on international law.
pposi ion lcader Gough Whitlam “U.S. defiance of thnl ininr-

said: “lt brings confrontation national lawi

s a criminal pirnlie

With the Soviet Union. President act that insolontly provokes those

Nixon’s decision is fraught with nations who

peril for world peace."

UNorth Vietnam declared that the The U.S.
.3. mining Of North Vietnamese responsibility

have relations and

comminications with Vietnam.

must bear lull
for the results fu

ports as "a criminal violation of that provocation.”

international law leading to ex- Nhan Dan m
trﬁmely dangerous consequences." name of the S
The U.S. aggressor should be sends most of

ade no mention by
oviet Union, which
its military aid to

warned," said the official Hanoi North Vietnam by salt

 

  

AP

 

the latest administration actions In Vletnam n! a
m difficulties with the Soviet Union but holms 1"

 

WIHEPHOTD

MAY 11, 1972

 

 

 

Reps Draft Impeachment;
Connally Bites Back

Four House members led by Rep. Bella Abzug,
D-N.Y., conferred with lawyers on the drafting of
ii" impeachment resolution against President Nixon

a protest gesture not taken seriously on Capitol
Hill. To remove a president from office, the House
must votc articles of impeachment by u majority
and the Senate must try and convict on two-thirds
majority of those voting.

No president ever has been removed and only one
has been tried.

Secretary of the Treasury John ll. Connolly
assailed Democratic senators who voted in caucus
Tuesday to disapprove Nixon’s latest moves.

Connolly, former Texas governor and only Ducrul
in the Cabinet, said the senators were pulling puny
ubove principle and expressed doubt that he would
vote Democratic this full. He acknowledge llllll he
might not have, anyway.

MAY 11, 1972

States might use military force to slop foreign ships
from entering North Vietnamese ports, and opened
the possibility of blocking a Soviet supply airlift.

Laird implied also that ships now in North
Vietnamese harbors may be subjch to air attack if
they attempt to unload their cargoes.

Although the United Slutcs has yet lo receive any
official Soviet government response to the scaling of
Hanoi‘s ports with mines, Luird said, “There is some
evidence that there was somcchiingc in course" of
ships nearing lhc luirbors which Ii luch hccn mincd
Willi devices scl to become uclivulcd at 7 a.m. EDT
Thursday.

He disclosed lllill iii least one Sovicl vcsscl
scheduled to enter Haiphong cillicr Tuesday or
Wednesday has shifted course. Dcfcnsc sources said
it appeared to be heading for a different port,

However, a Sliilc Dcpurtmcnl spokesnuin sud
Laird‘s commcnls on lhc slums of Sovicl shipping
showed “no definitive pullcrn" of Moscow's n.»
sponsc lo the mining.

Tougher Position

In discussing :1! ii broudcusl news conference what
the United States miglil do to prevent supplies from
reaching the North, and zippciucd in luivc lukcn a
tougher position lllilll oullmcd Tuesday by prcsi-
dential udviscr Henry Kissinger.

Kissinger had said lliul nu :illcmpl would be mudc
to prevent ships from liuiding supplies. lilil Liiird,
wlicn uskcd spccilicully if he inlcndcd lo leave the
impression the United States would slop ships from
going in, rcpllcd: "Tlnil is what I mcnnl in lcuvc."

“I consider the entire land mass of North Vict-
nsm' would be an area for delivery ofwur miterial,
be said ill unoilicr point, suggesting that any cfforl
to ﬂy supplics in could be met with American force.

“Our policy is to stop the delivery to the North
Vietnamese of lhcsc supplies and we will take those
actions that are necessary to stop that delivery,“ he
replied when asked lf the United States would
attack by sea or air any foreign vessels attempting to
enter North Vietnamese waters.

And when asked if the United States would block
a Russian airlift, lie answered:“Wc will take steps

that are necessary to see that these supplies are cut
off that iiic being used Io curry on this aggression
and this mauuuding throughout Southeast Asia."

ASP EXTRA

and further north about 60 miles from the Chinese
border.

Speciﬁc targets were nol disclosed, bul it is likely
the U.S. will bomb cncmy air fields in ullucks which
could suppress uir defenses and also hamper the
landing of supplies,

Radio Hanoi churng Iliul U.S. planes ullsckcd lhc
Soviet cargo ship Peek in North Vietnamese waters
Tucsdny, causing hcuvy damage and wounding four
crewman.

l’cnlugon ofﬁcials refused to comment, but nolcd
‘American aircraft were seeding the area with
underwater mincs. “There was u lot of firing going
on by boll) sides," :1 spokesman said, acknowledging
lliiil ii ship miglil have been caught in [he crossﬁre.

Al the Wliilc House press secretary Ronald L.
Ziegler told reporters “We have not lurgclcd any
ship and we have no verification [hill ship was hit."

of an earlier claim from Peking llllll two Chinese
ships were llll by U.S. warplancs‘firc in Vietnam
\vulcrs earlier in the week. Ziegler said [here is no
coniirnnuinn of such uii lncidcul but “we are
thoroughly invcsliguling llic nuulcr."

Ziegler snid also (lull as fur us llic White House
kllllws, the l’icsidcnl‘s visil 10 Moscow, scheduled to
slui’l May 22, slill is on.

And lic said 20,000 lclcgrilms have been received
by [he White House since Nixon‘s Monday night
spccch and they run five in one in favor of lhc
l’rcsidcnt's moves. He added Iluil [7,000 telegrams
arc backlogged in Western Union offices around (he
country awaiting delivery.

Other Developments
The U.S. dollar, continued to drop sharply on
European exchanges.

~ The New York Stock Exchange recovered from
its wurscarc jitters on Tuesday and the Dow Jones
average of industrial stocks advanced nearly 6
points, after having lost nearly 13 on Tuesday.

— The House vislors‘ gallery was cl05cd Wed-
ncsdiiy Ill the request of Capitol Police 10 prevent a
repetition of antiwar demonstrations such us briefly
disrupicd proceedings Tuesday before the protesters
were cjcclcd.

Vclcriin House employees could lmcall no prccc-
dciillfor the closing of the gallery.

PAGE 3

  

