 
  
      

   

 

 

   
  

/. J‘t‘fm‘o‘ﬂp‘ .mwﬂw—w» owns»... .M..>‘_._. «.~ ~.

    
   
     
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
   
    
    
  
  
     
  
   
   
     
     
    
 

«‘1‘.» ﬂn'wmltw-r _.. .

       
     
  
  
  
    
       
   
     
   
   
      
   
  
 
 

.- Mao—rm.» ....

     
  
    
     
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
  
  

 

   
   
  

  
 

Opinion
by Al Sonia

f'...and as for the other men, do
they know all the unimaginable
things happening here in this
war?"

---woman refugee from the
Plain of Jars, Laos

Fifty-ﬁve thousand American
lives and 125 billion dollars ago,
the people of this nation began to
see through the rhetoric, the de-
ceit, the excuses and the lies, and
decided that there could be no
morally justiﬁable reason imagin-
able for the American government
to be fighting in Southeast Asia.
These people began to spread the
word to other people and they, in
turn, told others. And the anti-
war movement was born, nur-
tured on' the sacrifices of men and
women like Daniel Ellsburg, the
Berrigans and Elizabeth McAlister.

In that time, John F‘. Kennedy's
“New Frontier" ended as the Spe-
cial Forces were dispatched to
save Vietnam from the Vietna-
mese. Lyndon Johnson was elect-
ed as a “peace candidatc"---and
promptly escalat'cd the American
“commitment.” And Richard

Nixon won the presidency with a

 

,  _ merican 30m 1
Replace American Bodies

“secret plan" which, it turns out,
merely replaces American bodies
with American bombs. bullets,
battleships and automated battle-
fields.

The B-52s, the Phantom Jets,
and the Thunderchiefs still streak
over Southeast Asia, in ever in-
creasing numbers. The American
bombs still drop. The American
bullets still strafe. The American
puppet dicatators still rule. And
the Vietnamese people still die.

The price of American salvation
has been steep. The social and
economic fabric of South Viet‘
nam has been virtually destroyed.
in the. past seven years, South
Vietnam has become the most mil-
itarized nation on earth; one out
of every nine citizens is in the
military, the fourth largest army
in the world. Over one third of
the population have become refu-
gees. There have been over a
million civilian casualties. Half the
country is a “free fire zone."
200,000 children have become
wards ol the state, their fathers
killed or injured. There are an
estimated 400,000 prostitutes.
And l00,000 amputees.

It is a picture that has become
familiar throughout Southeast
Asia. It is seen in the faces of the
1.5 million Cambodian refugees

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Au,

 

created as a result of American
saturation bombing, herbicidal
spraying, and government spon«
sored village evacuation programs.
0r it’s seen in those 700,000
Laotian refugees, whose country
has become the most intensively
bombed nation in th: history of
mankind.

And while Nixon says “the war
is winding down," U.S. “protec-
tive reactions” continue to pound
North Vietnam, and American
troops are replaced with Asian
mercenaries in the hope that we
will all be naive enough not to see
through the marvelous excuses
and the brazen deceit; in the hope
that the campuses will be quiet
and the public pacified amid the
ever-increasing stench of death.
Nixon, as he has done so many
times in the past, is banking on
our selfishness and fear to super-
cede his criminality; and so far,
he‘s getting away with it.

Today's heavy bombing raids on
Haiphong harbor are the most
criminal actions Nixon has com-
mitted in our name. And, as wave
upon wavo of 8-525 stretched
across Haiphong harbor hurling
their payload of horror and deve-
station upon fellow human beings,
one realizes, suddenly, how mon—
strous his silence has become.

 

 

continued from page 2

 

North and South Viet Nam, resume the Paris Conference on
Viet Nam, and negotiate seriously, stop using American
resources, lives and prestige to protect thevile warmonger

Nguyen Van Thieu.

Such is the way to put an end to the sufferings and
mournings of the Vietnamese people, to bring home the
GIs; the really honorable and beneficial way out” for the

United States.

Make your voice of peace andjusticc be heard.
My friendly greetings and wishes of good luck to you all!

Paris, April 8th, 1972

Nguyen Thi Binh,

Minister of Foreign Affairs

Provisional Revolutionary

Government of the Republic
of South Viet Nam

This is the last War

by Andy Pallsy

I happened to catch a choice little segment on WTRY Saturday
which seems to express the situation in a nutshell: The reporter had
called up a typical Albany citizen (sounded about 50 years old or so)
and asked him if he thought the United States would re-enlarge the
Vietnam War. Said he, “Sure!” And, just like that, he has dismissed
what could easily become World War III.

Before I go on, rmyIreminrl you all that this is not Paranoia Time,
and that you needn‘t pack your belongings tomorrow. One must be
level-headed at all times, otherwi it! nothing ever gets done. Yet....

Someone up top is looking for war. Either that, or someone up top

is ridiculously stupid. POllthf‘il),

strategically, -- obviously, North

Vietnam was going to mount an offensive to end all offensives. They
were losing the war by fighting it our war-~notice how things change in
five years. Way back then, it was us who couldn't cope with the
gucrilla war. By 1972, the U.S. was so used to fighting in thejungles
that the high command didn't care what kind of war it was fighting.
As long as it was fighting a war (good for tin economy, you know!).
Well, the offensive came, and the “Vietnamimtion” program was
caught completely off guard. Not that, so much, as it was non-cxistant
in the first place. The S. Vietnamese fighting ground forces have
always been dependent on American air cover. And, so, the US. air
cover is clobbering N. Vietnam in places it was cher clobbcrcd
before. Haiphong! Six years ago, we wouldn't bomb Haiphong
because of :1 Wu" risk. Bombing of Russian and Chinese ships is a
no-no. Well, Wi' are, diplomatically, in a little better position today, so
we bomb Haiphong. So, tubal/.1.” So, we bomb Haiphong???

When a nation gets desperate, it usually has to rely on the most
grandiose measures possible to regain its image. If the U.S. must be
tough (as Dicky says it must be), then we must act tough, and acting
tough means bombing, fighting-in short, risking war, real war, with
the powers that be. And nobody cares, for they are conditioned to
believe that any war will be a war over (here someplace, where good,
fliiY'Yellr'Oi‘l American citizens won’t lose their hide. [have news for

you ull---time

nchr stands still. The next war we fight will be the lusl

war, and it will touch home if it touches anywhere at all.

Monster Weapon

continued from page 2

whose job it is to man the air-
craft’s “wild weasel“ system
which warns when ground radar is
locking in on the aircraft. He then
takes protective ECM (electronic
counter measure) to jam or con-
fuse the radar for attacking SAM
missile.

Frances Morse. Professor
of Aerospace Engineering at
Boston University, estimates that
a IZOD-ton 8-52 raid costs $40
million by the time the planes,
fuel, bombs, training, and main~
tenanCc are. computed. An avcrilil"
8-52 strike consists of six planes,
each able to carry 30 tons of
ordnance. ’I‘hey unload their
bombs in a fraction of a minute,
leaving a swath of destruction Vi
mile wide and 3 miles long on the
ground 35,000 feet below. 8-525
have accounted for over 5 million
bomb craters in lndochina, 30 feet
deep and Alli feet across, which an-
reportedly breeding grounds for
malarial mosquitoes. it is estimat-
ed to (late the [1-sz have dropped
over one half of all the ordnance
dropped over Vietnam during the
war.

The big planes usually come
over a target area at around
35,000 feel, well ahch cloud
cover and out of immediate car
shot. Sighting is done by sophisti‘
cated infrared and electronics de-
vices, which means that llll' mem-
bers of the crew Iiuv‘prr need to
see the target area. Few actually

witness the strike since it happens
long after the aircraft have passed
over the site. As one 3-52 crew-
member said, “In those 61
missions which i flew, all my
targets were listed as ‘suspected'
troop concentrations, ‘suspcctcd'
truck farms, and ‘suspectcd'
bunker areas. Always ‘suspected.‘
i never saw any of my targets."
The range of the 8-52 is im-
mense. A record was set by a crew
flying from Okinowa to Madrid,
12,519 miles or almost halfway
around the world. The planes are
powered by eight Pratt and
Whitney engines which are fed by
two 2500 gallon wing tanks. The);
can also carry auxiliary fuel tanks,
but only at the expense of a
decreased “payload.” lit-fueling of
the aircraft which fly from Guam
to Indochina target areas is done

by huge KC-135 stratotankers
while in flight.
Most of the raids on Laos,

Cambodia and South and North
Vietnam are now flown out of
Utapao, a base on the Gulf of
Siam in Thailand, where a sabo-
tage raid disabled in 8-62 and
damaged several others early this
January. The Sattahip-Utapao
base complex, in opt-ration since
1007, is the largest US military
investnn-nt in Southeast Asia.
There are additional B-fi‘l facilities
on Okinawa, and at a recently
completed base at Ching l‘liuan
Kang, ’I‘aiwan.

SUNDAY, APRIL 16,1972

 

 

 

Vol. LIX No. 23

State University of New York at Albany

 

Tuesday, April 18, 1972

 

 

liverson

Summer students may spend more time in the fountain and less
hitting the books this summer. Due to a 30% budget cut, one hundred
courses that were offered here last summer have been eliminated.

ShLdenILEIaLAcﬂans
Hanoi Claims New Raids, Casualties

 

Bulletin

Radio Hanoi reported late last
night that American B-52's
bombed North Vietnam Monday.
it was the 12th straight day of
bombing, and the third straight
day Hanoi has been hit. Radio
Hanoi also reported North Vist-
nam's last combat division has
been sent into battle. North Vict-
namesa Premier Phsm Van Dong
issued an appeal to his country-
man to unite against the recent
"acts of aggression" committed
by the United States.

in Washington, the Senate For-
eign Relations Committee voted
to cut off all money for all U.S.
forces fighting in Indochina on
Dec. 31 if Hanoi returns all Amer-
ican prisoners.

Earlier, Press Secretary Ronald
Ziegler refused to discuss
Moscovifs claim that four Russian
ships were bombed in Sunday's
raids on Haiphong.

Associated Press Compilation

North Vietnam claimed Monday
that “many hundreds of civilians“
were killed and hundreds were
wounded when U.S. planes
bombed the port city of Haiphong
on Sunday.

The Vietnamese language broad-
cast also reported damage to
“several ships" tied up at Hai-
phong docks and claimed several
Russian sailors were wounded
when a soviet ship was hit.

Moscow said Sunday's raids on
the Haiphong dock area damaged
four Soviet ships. A protest was
lodged with the U.S. ambassador.

Radio Hanoi claimed that a
‘numbcr"of civilians were killed
and wounded when American
planes hit Hanoi, 55 miles inland
from Haiphong, but gave no
damage details there.

The broadcast said American
bombers hit Haiphong in repeated
raids throughout much of Sunday.
It claimed five US. planes were
shot down at Haiphong and five
more at Hanoi.

 

Summer Sessions Axe

Students at Albany State this summer won't find
one hundred courses that were offered here last
summer. Due to a thirty percent cut in budget

by Farris Enock

class sections.

which totals about $200,000,fifty instructor pos-

tions (at two classes each) have been eliminated
from the upcoming summer session.

Budget cuts are by no means limited to Albany
'. State. Paul Saimond, interim director of summer
' sessions here, stated that summer budgets through-
out the SUNY system have been cut about thirty
percent. The most drastic effect of these cuts was
the complete elimination of summer session at

Cobleskill.

Saimond stated that these “minimal type culs"
that were
draWers"--undergraduatc classes attracting less than
twenty students, graduate classes under ten. “Only
those classes with a very small enrollment after
registration will be eliminated." He explained that
“previous enrollment patterns“ directed the future
reduction of courses and asserted that a "balanced
educational program’I would be offered every sum-

only affected those classes

MEI.

Language and science courses were cited as among
those which would be eliminated due to expected
widerenrollment. Saimond attributed the lack of
registration in these areas partly to the elimination
of general required courses at Albany.

He reported that summer session enrollment is
usually made up of students wishing to accelerate or
to make up "deficienciences". He emphasized that

Radio Hanoi and the Commu—
nist party newspaper Nhan Dan
also claimed an all night US.
Navy bombardment of targets the
length of North Vietnam's
coastline preceded the Sunday air
raids.

Meanwhile, an official U.S.
source expressed belief that there
will be renewed bombing of North
Vietnam’s Haiphong unless the
Communist-led forces call off
their 19-day~old general offensive
in South Vietnam.

In commenting on Sunday‘s
strikes and on the possibility of
more attacks deep inside North
Vietnam, the official U.S. source
said: "The whole thing —' Sun-
day's raids ' was political. The
reason the Hanoi and Haiphong
areas were hit was to put pressure
on North Vietnam to relieve the
pressure down here.

"i think that if the North con-
tinuea the offensive-in the South,
Nixon will go back to Hanoi and
Haiphong. Ho means business. He

Of f‘campus

programs

the needs of these students are being met, with most
of the cuts affecting introductory and duplicate

are being maintained.

SUNYA students will still have the opportunity to

"poor

houn

has no intention of demolishing
the N urth, but he wants to let
them know what he will do."

Until Sunday, the U.S. aerial
campaign against the North,
which began April 6, had been
limited to the southern part of
North Vietnam, well to the south
of Hanoi and its port city, Hai-
phong.

Further evidence of possible
political overtones in the strikes.
came in the evaluation by know-
ledgeable sources of past aerial
campaigns in the North. One
source said nearly four years of
sustained bombing all the way to
the Red Chinese border failed to
produce the desired objectives of
halting enemy resupply in the
South. He declined to estimate
how big an aerial campaign it
would take now to seriously uf-
feet Hanoi's current general offen-
sive.

in the ground War U.S. officrra
in An Loc said the enemy still
held 15 per cent of the provincial
capital 60 miles north of Saigon
and had set up u quasi-government
in the part they control.

take field Biology courses at the Cranberry Lake
site. International programs will suffer only a Eng“
rate increase but bring less money into the univer-
sity system, but pay directly to their overseas
university. In this way the state no longer receives
tuition from the student but it also will bear no
responsibilities for further subsidies.

Summer tuition prices have also been raised in
accordance with the increases for the ‘72-’73 aca-
demic year. Summer prices, based on an hourly rate,
have doubled. Instate undergraduate students paid a
uniform, per credit rate of $13.50 last year.‘ This
summer upper division undergraduates will pay
approximately $26.75 per credit hour and lower
division students will pay $21.50. The in-state
graduate rate has risen from $20 to $40 per credit

Saimond sees a brighter future. He expects “no
more cuts" in following summers and predicts that
even for this summer some additional monies might
be restored to the program through a supplementary
budget. While expressing a hope for additional
funds, Saimond continued to emphasize the major
change in the ‘72 Albany summer session would not
be class quality but class size.

 

Antiwar groups announced plans

for reinforcing already scheduled
demonstrations and putting to-
gether new ones.
i Over one thousand students
lpacked the student union at
[SUNY-Binghamton last night and
,voted, after an hour and a half
lmeeting, to hold a referendum
today and tomorrow to measure
student sentiment for a strike
Thursday and Friday. Prelimenary
plans call for leaﬂeting to take
place in downtown Binghamton
later in the week. Students are
also planning to charter buses to
New York City, Saturday to sup-
port a scheduled nationwide
march against the war.

Studenls at other state univer-
sities and colleges could not be
reached for comment late last
night. '

The Chicago Peace Action Coali-
tion and Student Mobilization
Committee issued a itatement say-
ing the bombing Was “one of the
most vicious acts of aggression
committed against an innocent
people..."

The statement added, "With the
bombing of Haiphong harbor, the
April 22 actions, called by the
National Peace Action Coalition
take on special importance." The
group referred to planned mus
marches in New York and Los

 

Angeles.

  

