 

    
     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

@WDEM/Eé. . . .Z' Men/i4.
INF/1566757 Wit/Vii... _

 

 

“’5  mac/5r L 'K/os sP/Eo AND RATED
a/v MEIR macs/75!

 

  

OVER Hem-3 WE'RE SIMPLY
7,7?J’IN6 70 SAFEet/ARD our?
L/BEPT/Es AG-A/NST MSC/SM

...Ey

 

SPY/Né- AND
PATH/VG- ON OUA> KIDS!

 

 

British Torture Internees

The IRA Are the People

by George Cohen long period of time.

UBERATION News Service t'KevinHwas under sedation at the
. ' Ime. e was umc- '-
[fi'ditors ‘note: Ever since the care--although he ‘Wlll: ifblcemld
drills}: activated, the policy of work. I was anxious about him
internment last August for Nor- because he had tablets at intervals
thcrn lreland's minority popu- So i contacted theauthurities and
lotion, if has been the focal point they said-~0h that was their bu '-
a/stepped up guerrilla actions and ness. They would see to that 8'
massive civil disobedience. II has After we saw him on the .M‘tld'
also been the target of repeated stone, Her Majesty‘s prison sh'
accusations of torture. Gruesome the fact is that he was ver - f'pd
tales of mentaiamiphysics/cruel oriented and he was able til) 
tree have been brrmghl on! of that he had been drugged Lat
camps like bong Kesli, Mchil/i‘ Hollywood bnrracksand lh'll t'or‘
gun and the internment ship Muidv time he thought he was in ii" a
stone by released or escaped inter- Imago, h m Own
"ﬂirty/id relatiues who visited men Anyway, we haven‘t won him
8 ‘ wre- ‘ I since. And after a perioil of twu
ﬁlmy/(21;?zillifnlﬂﬁrxf‘zlfgll :20 weeks his internment papers were
. v - s 1' sen "v - -~
plainly! ofllhc British presence in tilirtpililffichhllli‘riihitdi‘y  
or er I i i I
éragd;:tl:::l.({r Keyin ‘8 be the ruling factor throughout
Bomb“ St F H . . Northern lreinnd, and Kevin.as a
YB I}: ll 3 “(Nd result, was sent tightly handcuffed
Kevin had refufifdd h I f “)Mﬂ‘cmnmuni
work M ha” ten h d omc rom Kevm‘s case is no different than
to cut watCth, tnI ' something the others. We're not alone in this
went ",3 bed Th no cvrséon and agony. it happens to nnyoiie who
nndldld the .wmee my aughter :as any nationalist feeling. You
. now, it'sn crime ) i  ~
At 2:30 AM a Saracen [British are British subjects[iiiiltnbj'lii’ffoilibL
armored vehicle] pulled up out~ i can tell you of an incident that
side. ’Ihc soldiers bent on the happened two weeks. ago 
door. We opened it and they young lad of about 17 was bein
asked if there was chvln here. beaten by the soldiers in tbii
Kevin came down and was told he street. He had been watebin
was being detained for ques- them search a house. lie finallji
tipping. got away and i went up to one
That was in December, around soldier and l asked him wusihcrt'
Christmas aml bo's heeri away any discipline among them at all
“men, or was there anybody in charge of
He was taken to the Hollywood them. He put me against a wall
barracks where he was torured-- with a rifle barrel in my stomach
punched in the stomach, in the That's the sort of thing you have
ribs and kidneys and made to to put up with here. What I do
stand fingertips to ii wall for a not understand: is every British

soldier immoral or are these hand-
picked for the job in Northern
Ireland?

As far as the Ciitholic clergy is
concerned-d.th have been playing
the peace role, that is pacifying
the people all along, until recently
when a few priests have come to
realize that the people are running
out of checks to turn; that there
must be some resistance to the
villainy perpetrated by the author-
ities.

In the past. the role of the
Church has been to quiet the
whole thing down. it has been a
call for peace from the Church's
end. I must say that the frustra~
tiuii has gone on to such an extent
that even the clergy cannot with»
hold the people's anger which is
entirer justified. ‘

’l'his anger manifests itself to the
greatest extent within the ranks of
the IRA. They are of the people
They are Irile The word “tor:
rorist" does not apply to them
'l'he terrorists are the security
torees as far as the irish people
concerned.

are

The IRA are the people. They
have been forced to take up arnis
In defense of what they stand for
You know. you have one group of
people with sophisticated
weaponry backed up hv the
courts, by sir-called law which is a
farce. This group outnumbct's
another who has been backed i .
against the wall. I“

There must be opposition to
this, and this opposition will con-
tinue until the Storinonst gove
ment is abolisth and there is a
United ireland. And i believe this
is not far from coming. The irish
people are not without hope now

l’ll~

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 
    
  

   

There's Always More Money for the Married

 No Hope

The misplaced spending priorities of the state government
are continuing uncorrected. in spite of the severe cutbacks
imposed on many areas, including education, mental health.
social welfare, and pollution control, no effort is being
made to likewise reduce spending in non-essential areas.

Thch is little need for us to mention the South Mall fiasco
in this connection. We all know that this grandiose project
has become the classic example of misplaced priorities and
fiscal irresponsibility. But the South Mall is an ElCCOlllpilsill'il
fact, and what we are more concerned with now arc lL'\\
obvious examples of poor and even grossly uncriinal
spending practics. Specifically, we mention the Wi(it'slll‘i‘.iii
pension abuses rcportcd in recent issues of the ASP. and tin
large, cxpcnsivc iionics provided for high stntc officials. \l.
cite the cases of such men as Martin P. Catiicrwoorl. \\ it.
retired on a massive pension of $28,000 this ycar..1ni| xi i,
nnnicd Executive Director of a Legislatch Culllllllllw u'
$20,000 a year. thereby taking some $48,000 from -.i. g
coffers. And then there is Donald Axelroci. who li'l‘! .i

from his post as Deputy Director of the Budget Diiimi.
with a $l‘),ilt)t) pension, only to be appointed as a lll'tlii 
at this university‘s (lraduarc School of Public Affairs .Ii i.:
annual $28,200.

We aim mention over-spending in such areas as will
building. A recent article in the limes-Union disclosed lil.ll
in spite of the fiscal crisis, the state government still plan» in
build a greatly expanded network of super-highways aronnl
the Capital District. The need for such additional road: :.
imaginary, but the lobbying ofspcciai interest groups at 1‘»
Capitol has done its self—serving job very effectively.

Meanwhile, the cities are continuing to dctcrioraic. ill:
poor are even poorer, educational quality is coiiiproniim ti.
and many of the services we take for granted are disinii
grating. The people of Albany’s giicttocs are confronted in
the tail, massive granite towers of the South Mall. 'l‘lii-
inmates of Attica are treated like animals while hiin stair
officials live in luxurious homes paid for by the taxpayu
And State University students—most of whom cannot itiltilil
it— have to pay extra tuition next year, while other l|l_L'll
state officials retire on $20,000 a year pensions .llltl .u
rcliircd by the state at their old salaries.

Rockefeller and his numerous friends crv that Illl'lt
not enough funds available for programs/that \I'l\l‘ 1
working man and thc (itlfrtifkurh' ghetto dweliciu. 'iliv
.innouncc tax increases that place a still heavier liunh n

lll‘ 1‘ . . ' . . . ~
‘ lwlllf- “hilt illl‘ Uiipnrations and the wcaliiH li’llsi’
llll.llik‘L'[L'tl, '

iii.ii

Dill WL' know that they are lying. it is illut‘
“"ml Iniilions -cvcn billionsﬁol~ dollars .lt'L’ \i.. i. ‘
indeed, it is clear that our government for the llt'tllllt' l|.I
tau become a govcmuwm {or (INN, wlm EUWI.” Wlh.“ ,,
Iln'quiiics as \vc all know of exist, we realize that

govcriinicni is not a "dc",,,,.,.,lcyn' WC “ted “HIV \N,‘ y, , ‘
IL'HISlélturc in action to learn that. What we] i|.l\\ :. -

'ovcrnn ~ ' r. .
l» icnt in which [he clitlrt: bureaucracy is tli'li'llllllii \l

to preserve itself and its par
as this situation c
hcttcr.

asiticai supporters, and .I‘. iw ‘
le'lh. we can expect no change tui 1‘

   

Be the First on your Block

if you are an - -‘
mum” “may vnlll‘ltrt‘oinz1-year-old and have already I'trgn-U'l'"I 1"“ ‘ "H
ank (my mu] w.“ {some areas. li‘or example, local officials I" N”
door-to-dooi‘ I’l'ttistriitiH “loo ()1. Linllmrm" ""LV utiﬂputizc" you lie
mm H wummmm (I no.1 or intorination on how you HI" It'ttmm '"
Fund. Inc” 2317 M rat...” yum town, write to: Youth (Jill/.i-nsliiii
East 19th Street Niiwl‘Yt"N.w" WMhmumm "icy; mum“.th I”
Common Cause ‘2100 mi". NY‘ “’00”; vnunu nigh“, PH”th
(Roprimud wm ,P I V M Street,N.W., Washington. “~"~ mm”
i ormission of Glamour Magazine.)

   

 

MARCH 21, 1972

 

 

 

 

Solidarity with
South Africans

To the Editor:

At present, South Africans are
engaged in a liberation struggle
against a minority white ruling
class. This. struggle has more or
less been going on since the Berlin
Conference, where the Balkani-
zation of Africa was implemented.
Since that time various liberation
movements have come about to
gain African Freedom. ,At: pre-
sent, there are 38 independént (in
name only) African states; only
five have not achieved liberation.
Thole states are South Africa,
Rhodesia, Mozambique, Angola,
Southwest Africa. and Ginea
Bissau.

A couple of weeks ago, under
the auspices of EOPSA, this uni-
versity had the privilege of hosting
a representative of the Pan Afri-
can Congress of South Africa. At
that time, an excellent talk on
South African Liberation was
given. Students video taped the
presentation, and stored it for
future use. The speaker, Masimini,
was himself a veteran liberation
fighter. He spoke on the need of
Black people to begin supporting

"Never Engaged
in Deception”

To the Editor:

Your Editorial in the March 14
issue, the article by your Asso-
Ciﬂled News Editor, Glenn von
Nostitz, and the Letter to the
Editor by Miss Linda DelVecchio
in the February 25 issue, em-
phasized major concern for the
discharge of University responsi-
bilitcs for which I am primarily
charged. Some statement from me
would seem most appropriate in
hope that these concerns may be
clarified. Further, l would wei-
eome the opportunity topruvide
some factual information.

The interview granted Mr. von
Nostitz was given without reser-
vation on my part. Each question
was answered truthfully, and to
the best of my ability from office
sources readily available. Though
the reporter raised questions from
a list previoust compiled, no op-
portunity was given beforebaml to
collect vital information called for
in response to individual inquiries.
Sonic effort was innde to provide
accurate figures of transcript re-
quest volume on a comparative
basis, yearly iind monthly. ilad
these figures been included in the
February 25 article, some of the
reporter's questionnnble impli-
cations would liave proven inap-
propriate. The statement at-
tributed to me to “go slower" in
the processing of transcripts is a
fabrication without foundation.

1 would take exception to Mr.
’l‘urow's observation that the of-
fice is completely unorganized.
During February-March 1971, Mr.
Edmuch Klee, Management Ana-
lysis Unit, Budget Office,
SUNYA, conducted an office sur-
vey and analysis resulting in a
detailed report dated March 12,
11171. with an accompanying

MARCH 21, 1972

their own. This way it would
eliminate them from asking the
Chinese, etc. for help. Some of
the problems he mentioned con-
cerned the acquisition of adequate
clothing for the liberation forces;
and for people in general involved
in this area.

We, therefore, have decided to
have a clothing drive for the inde-
pendence seekers of South Africa.
Thereshall be pickup stations on
each quad and downtown for de-
posit of the articles. The hours
shall be form 6-7 pm on the quad
dinner lines daily for the next 2
months. March 20th through the
25th shall be an intensive series of -
lectures and tapes concerning the
subject of South Africa. Times
and places shall be posted around
the campus. The Clothing Drive
shall run until May 20th, of which
the whole month of May has been
designated as World African Soli-
darity.

If further information
ccming South African history is
desired, feel free to attend any of
the lectures nitely. All additional
information can be obtained by
contacting Andy ’I‘routmsn, at
457-7651. All participation in this
endeavor will be greatly appre-
ciated.

COH‘

Respectfully,
Jerry Lee
Vice President EOPSA

manual of operations and pro-
cedures, including a collection of
office forms and reports with in-
structions for their utilization.

Becuase it does not seem feasi-
ble to attempt to respond through
this medium to the three items
mentioned in paragraph I above in
«dam to articles in the Albany
Student Press, I should like to
speak specifically to the transcript
request item. Requests for release
of official student transcripts res
present a major clerical effort.
This particular office routine re-
quires individual attention as is
the case tit any similar institution.
In this office the daily volume is
high and increases annually. One
may judge office activity by the
folloqu figures.

Transcript Requests

Period Mailed
Year of 1969 16,276
Year of 1970 17.602
Year of 1971 20,645
January 1969 1,149
January 1970 1,329
January 1971 1,987
January 1972 2,064
February 14-25, [.270

1972
Mnrcli 1-15, 1,897

1972
March 15,1972 210

Please allow me to comment

further regarding some specific
office concerns. I have never, nor
Would 1 consider, engaging in de-
ception for personal or adminis-
trative advantage. No withinldlna
or curtailment of services have
served as a basis. for securing
increased University resources for
the office. Fortunately, during

lute February we here Ible to

. divert the time of five temporary

service perwnnel engaged in ‘ a
special office project for a one
and one half dly period to assist
in the processing of transcript
requests. Thin. assistance, together
with  student part-time
staffing. has "reduced the tran-
script mailing lag to approxi-
mately five days. We would hope
to reduce‘ this to a two to three
day period within aéweek or ten
days. I am planned to report full
staffing for each authorized office
position, effective March 9. For
the record, we did no! experience
unusually long student lines the
last two days of “Add/Drop
Period", Spring 1972. This was a
distinct  when com-
pared with previous program
change periods.

Lastly, end facetiously, I am
amazed that Mr. Michael Lampert
could gather from an unrelated
discussion during a luncheon date
in the Patroon Room, perceptions
of office policies and procedures
as well as personal intentions on
my part.

Sincerely yours,
Thomu C.Burnette
University Registrar

Bad Air
at Denby’s?

To the Editor:

On Friday night I was browsing
through Denby‘s at Stuyveunt
Plaza with my girl friend, since we
were trying to buy something
with a gift certificate. I was
looking around the Men's depart-
ment when i noticed that I was
being watched by what] thought
to be a salesgirl. Moments after
she picked up the phone at the
desk and paged Security. i
thought nothing of it and started
towards my girl friend in another
department. i noticed that we
were being followed. While my
girlfriend was trying on some
things in one of the departments
this salesgirl continuously stared
at me.

She called Security twice more
and I noticed a salesman who had
helped me in the Men's depart-
ment circulate this department
and hover close to the exit.
Various other plain-clothesmen
just happened to be standing
around watching me. 1 overheard
the Isle-girl talking to another
salesgirl about previous shoplifters
and how long my girl friend was
taking in the dressing room with
only two items. I began to feel
paranoid about standing around
waiting for my girl friend to finish
in the dressing 'roonfl felt guilty
for no reason at all.

When my girl friend finished in
the dressing room l approached
this salcsgirl and asked to see the
manager. She informed me that
she was the assistant manager. I
asked if it was possible to cash in

my gift certificate since I
wouldn't shop in a store in which
I was under surveillance for
browsing. Before i could finish
she abruptly told me that it was
not the store policy to cash gift
certificates, and if I wanted to see
the manager he would be in on
Monday. We quickly purchased an
item and left the store.

The next day I called the store
and explained to the manager
what had happened. He was very
bureaucraticnlly polite and told
me that it is their privilege to
watch anyone in the store, that u
lot of this may have been my
imagination, and this is the only
possible way to give their cus-
tomers good sales help. i argued
uselesst and promised him that I
would warn others of the possible
atmosphere that they will have to
shop in at Denby’s.

Mark Aschenbrund

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I

' Are You A Nameless“ Face?

The ASP welcomes letters from its readers. All cammuni- H '
cations to the Editon‘al page must be signed, however,
unless your paranoia is founded in reality.

 

 

 

 

til

 

0A
\

"J‘ ../.ll also 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' t' l l _
g .ol-—------I-u

 

Albany: The Big Applo'

When the South Mall area was pay prostitutes $20 (530 while
cleared. “The Out", where the the Legislature is in session), male
city’s vice business thrived, was and female homosexuals, and
wiped out. It took years, but the long-haired young men and
business seems to have relocated women on narcotics trips. Trusted
comfortably on Central Avenue— customers buy marijuana. LSD,
about a mile from the Capitol. hashish or heroin at these bars.

During the daylight, women in “i give Albany live more years,"
cloth coats fill the avenue‘s or- said Donald Short, a 21-year-old
dinary shops. At night, Central commercial artist. “Then it'll be
Avenue‘s bars cater to special in- swingin’. It's going to be a big
tcresi groups: heterosexuals who apple like New York."

Reprinted from the New York Times

 

é

 

Editor-ln-Chief Production Manager
at senia warren wishart
New: Editor Advertising Manager

[3“ rodgers
Associate Advertising Manager

maids oringher
Associate New: Edit-)1

glcnn von nosiiiz linda mute
Features Editor: Business Manager
john tailball phil mark

dehbia nalansobri
Oil-Campus New: Editor

Technical Editors
dabble kacinon

hob mayor we ‘4 I n
Associated Press Editor 5 l 5!— lgho ‘

danny r055 Assistant Technical Editor:
Arts Editor kurun itqorner

phylis porio
Advertising Production
tom rhodus
ﬂiilv sussrnan
Graffiti Editor
linda desmond
Clmlflod Advertising Mlmw
artv linkelborg
Circulation Manager
you wood

sieve aminott
Animal Am Editor
michale kanior
Spam Edltor
stun abbey
Associate Sports Editor
broce maggin

Pholwlphy Edllou

josn morrls

rich uoldman
Editorill Pop Editor Exchange Editor

nary rlcclsrdi mark IitCotsky
The Eatiorlnl ottlcc or the Atiuny student Pun II Iocniod In
Campus Center 326 at tho sm- Unlvlultv of New Vork ll
Albany, 1400 WIIhlnoton Avenue. Albany. New Vork
12222. The ASP may be ruch by telephone at (510)
057-2190. The Album Student Pro“ gumcrlul to tho
Auoctetod Prue, Cotton Pm: sorvtc'. um LIboutIon Nam
50mm. and IIItund-d by mopdltory Itudont tax.

 

 

 

PAGE 7

 

  

 

 

 

