 

 

 

"Wesson: open rirswia.‘ 

The State University at Albany golf team is
scheduledto open its 1972 season at Oswego
Thursday, April 13. The number: two, three, and
four men from last spring’s 8-3 team are on hand for
what coach Dick Bauer: calls “the toughest schedule
of any intercollegiate team at the university."

Senior Frank Stamilio averaged 81.25, while win-
ning. four of seven matches last year. He is
top-ranked—at the moment, followed by junior
Wemer Kolln, who was 3-3-1 and averaged 83.37 a
year ago. Sophomore Dennis Mead and senior Steve
Hutchlns hold the third and fourth spots. Neither
played varsity golf last season. Senior John Heher,
0-6-1 and 87.75 in 1971, is fifth, and junior Jerry
Monuslry is sixth. The major loss from last year’s
team is top-ranked and Outstanding Golfer David
Blakely, who averaged 79.37 and posted a 5-2
record.

The schedule: April 13, at Oswego; 15, at
Hamilton; 18, Oneonta; 20, New Paltz and Union;
22, at Utica with Oawego; 24, Plattsburgh; 26, at
Siena with RH; 28, at Central Connecticut with
Providence; May 1 at SUNYAC Championships; 4,
Albany invitational; June 13-16, at NCAA Cham-
pionships.

Home matches will be played at the Town of
Colonie course.

 

ISRAELI FOLKSINGER—
SHOlMO CARLBACH
Sun. April 22 -

8:00 -
Ballroom

 

 

 

Sweei

Mil

‘ “CROSS!

Old Man Winter and Coach Robert Ford never
seem to hit it off around lacrosse time and this year
has been no exception. All the snow that we didn’t
have all winter came in the last month. Unfortu-
nately, you can't play lacrosse with snowshoes on.

So...the team has had to practice at night in the
gym, where the hard wood floor is a poor substitute
for some good grass.

But enough of this. How does the team look?
"Overall, we're better off than last year," answered
Coach Ford. “We’ve got more depth and our talent
is more evenly distributed." This could be, although
the Danes will be hard pressed to match the
impressive 8-2 slate that they recorded in capturing
the Northern New York Division Co-Championship
last year.

For starters, they’re going to have to catch up to a
whole lot of teams who have been outside for longer

the ll vo.

5
e
.2
C
3

artts

STEREO LP, CASSETTE & CARTRIDGE
TAPE REDUCED! NEW RELEASES T00!

Alli! TAVIAII
IIN Ill
r-aabllM-plalwvlhn
mum...- r... lumen-s 1.

trusts

After a three-year record of 28-2, the State
University at Albany tennis team faces the 1972
campaign minus last year's top,three men--Ken
Fishman, Ted Rosenberg, and Eric Carlson. The
Great Danes opened Monday at U.S. Coast Guard
Academy with three varsity returnees, last year’s
top JV player, and two freshmen. Albany will
compete in the pre-season indoor tournament at the
University of Vermont Friday and Saturday, along
with RP! and St. Lawrence.

The number one man on‘ the ladder at this point is
junior Harold Forrest who was 7-2 in singles play
last year in the number four slot. John Buffone and
Chris Burke, both lettermen, are second and third.
Buffone was 6-3 as number five man a year ago,
while Burke was 8-1 as number six.

Ken Levin, the leading JV player in 1971, is
fourth on the ladder, followed by freshmen Jon
Weinberg and Steve Lemmerman. Another frosh,
Leo Sternlicht will move into the top six if anyone
falters or is injured.

Veteran coach Merlin Hathaway judges his team to
be well-balanced. “We probably aren't quite as
strong as recent years," he admits. “but this is the
best incoming freshmen group We ever had."
Albany .posted records of 10-0, 10-1, and 8-1 from
1969-71.

Highlighting the schedule this spring will be the
SUNYAC Championships, which Albany will host
May 6. The schedule:

April 13, at RPI; 14, Plattsburgh; 18, at Oneonta;
20, at New Paltz; 22,0swego; 25, Hartwick; 28,
Union; May 2, at Sicna; 6, SUNYAC Champion-
ships; June 13-17, at NCAA Championships.

sic" with Discount PriceS_Bi

S
m Bros-soprano“;

#—

On April 15, l962,at 1:00 PM.
in the Main Theater of the Per-
forming Arts Center of the State
University of New York at
Albany, MmicCouncil will present
the Minnesota Orchestra.

The Minnesota Orchestra’s long
tradition of mUSical eminence
reaches back to its founding in
1903 as the Minneapolis Orches-
tra. A succession of great conduc-
tors and years of exceptional artis-
try have placed it in the position
of one of America's foremost or-
chestras.

The Orchestra travels widely,
performs more than 150 concerts
during its 48-week season. There

EARN WHILE
YOU LEARN

are permanent concert series in St.
Paul, Minneapolis and a number
of other midwest cities. Extensive
annual tours take the Orchestra
across its region and the nation
for appearances on college cam-
puses and in small-town gymna-
siums, as well as at the Kennedy
Center for the Performing Arts in
Washington DC and New York’s
Carnegie Hall.

For its Albany appearance, the
Orchestra will be under the baton
of its associate conductor,George
Trautwcin. Truutwein was edu-
criicd at the Oberlin Conservatory
of Music and, before turning seri-
ously to the art of conducting,

 

you graduate

HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
*$100 per month while in school

*8,200 per year starting salary after

*A deferment from the draft while in

Minnesota-TSyInplIony at SUNYA

served as violinest in some of the
great symphonis organizations of
America: in 1957, having already
studied conducting at Tanglewood
with Koussevitzky and Bernstein,
he studied, under a Fulbright
Grant, at the Momrteum Acad-
emy in Salzburg with Dorati, von
Karajan, Smell, and Paumgartner.
Before coating to Minnesota,
Trautwein conducted the Dallas
Symphony.

On Saturday’s program the
Orchestra will perform Weber’s
“Overture to Oberon," Hinde-
mith's “Symphonic Metamor-
phosis," Stravinsky's “Firebird
Suite," and Debussy’s “La Mcr."

Tickets may be obtained at the
door before the concert on Sutur-
duy at noon. Prices are Si .00 for
SUNYA students w/tux, $2.00 for
SUNYA faculty and stuff, and
$3.00 for the general public. This
event is funded by student tux.

lob Whitman Recital

Pianist Lois Whitcmrin will give u
concert Tuesday evening, April
ll, at 8:30 in tho Recital Hall of
the Performing Arts Center. Miss
Whiteman has played extensively
on the east coast, and has played
in New York's Town Hall four
times since 1965. After her per-
formancc here, she will go on to
play in the New York Cultural
Center. For her Albany concert,
Miss Whitcman has chosen works
by Haydn, Beethoven, Rathuus,
Fromm-Michaels, Schumann, and
Liszt.

Quintet

Arrives

OnWedncsday,April 12, the SUNY Performing Arts Center will host
one of the finest small cnscniblcs who will ever perform here. The
Woodwind Quintet is cclrtninly the topmost woodwind quintet on
tour these days, and, bccausc of this. was able to cajolc Morton
Suholnick, one of the lending composers of avunt-gnrdc music, into
writing a piece for a conventional ensemble. The piece, Mir/ornate: of
(/10 Int/Hurrah, ulili‘lcs cvcrylhing from Beethoven and Mozart to a
film by ('url Under, a light show, and a tape. The fact that the Doriun
Quinch was able to bring the piece off with such outstanding results

furihcr indiculcs their virtuosity.

l nch nol givc the history of this group, outside of the fact that,
sincc lhcir Tnnglcwood debut in [90], they have taken the world by
storm. The personnel-Karl Krubcr on Flute, Jerry Kirkbridc on
(‘lnrincl. Charles Kuskin on Oboe, June Taylor on Bassoon, and Barry
Benjamin on French horn—-arc all outstanding performers in their own
right, and iogcihcr they form onc-hclI-of-u-night‘s entertainment.

Good NewszNRPS 'In Town!

by Bill Brina

The New Riders of the Purple
Sage will be appearing ill Union
Collcgc on April l4lh, Friday, ill
8:30 PM (prcocdcd by 'l'ran-
quilily). The New Riders, who
firsl crime to public attention as
an opening act for lhc (iralcful
Dcnd, play whul you might cull
counlryuock. Bul how many
country-rock hands have you
heard than can be called
"apocalyptic?" That's what Jay
ltknowilz, music critic for
Washington‘s url
Times, called Marmaduke and his

lug ,(r‘outl

friends after a recent
pcrformnncc. The New Riders are
mellow, yes; but thcy know how
to rock and when “Marmaduke”,
us lcndcr/wrilcr/guiizirisl J.
Dawson is usually known, has
something to say, they wail.
Murniudukc's friends arc bassist
Dave Torhcri, lcad guilurisl Duvc
Nelson (who once worked as u
rail-killer in a college laboratory),
drummer Spcnccr Dryden, whosc
Inst gig was Jefferson Airplane,
and pedal steel guitarist Buddy
Cngc. Cugc has recently rcpluccd
Jerry Garcia, the last member of

the Grateful Dead to leave the
New Riders. Cugc has previously
played with Buck Owens & the
Ruckuroos, Mad River (2| grcal,
weird hand that never made ii),
and supposedly jammed with
Frank Zappa (the source of that
swearr that he isn‘t pulling me
on). As those of you who heard
Don Beck with the Flying Burrito
Bros. here last February know,
new pedal steel virluosos seem to
bc crawling out of the woodwork
lately. (would you believe that the
new Joe Cockcr band has a pedal
steel guilurisl‘l).

Do yourself a favor and get your
ticket at Van Curlcr‘s music shop
in downtown Albany.

rnrwrzrorrs‘dﬂ

 . mww‘il‘u ‘

PURPLE SAGE
At Union College on
ApdllA
for info, call 3468686

Tickets now available at
___!ﬂ'_c.!lit1§___ .4

Series .5 ‘ V  I
698 each Series  school
. tape 79,; 0" I,
c
I . I la”, *An Active Duty delay for graduate

no. albums c°“.§‘,“?I2“.f§i§ ‘ MW" aVBI'ab'e 0" tape)
“‘“““’“ FIN!) THESE GREAT STA RS:

° AMERICA ° NEIL YOUNG - MALO - JERRY GARCIA - JETHRO TULL - JAMES TAY R

- ALICE COOPER - CRAZY HORSE - FACES - JIMI HENDRIX - ALLMAN BROSLJJ-
GORDON LIGHTFOOT ' DIONNE WARWICKE - lOHNATHAN EDWARDS - EARTH, WIND

& FIRE - T. REX - DEAN MARTIN - CAPTAIN BEEFHEART - JESSE COLIN YOUNG &
JACKIE LOMAX - LITTLE FEAT - BRAVE BELT - FANNY - ALEX TAYLOR - TODD
RUNOGREN ° RY COOOER - VAN MORRISON ° MICHEL LEGRAND - PETER YARROW

- MARY TRAVERS - PAUL STDKEY and many more to choose from! SALE ENDS SATURDAY

school
*To gain valuable management experience

*A scholarship worth about $2,000 per year?

 

 

NOIOCAUST FILM
AND SPEAKER

r7 Army ROTC programs are available for under-
graduate and certain graduate students attending
SUNYA by cross-enrollment in RO'I‘C at Siena
College, Loundonuille, N. Y. 1/ you are interested or
would like more information, call Sierra College
ROTC 485-0501. An officer from the Department conun'raﬁon can,
* of Military Science, Siena College, will be available .

4 in the SUNYA Administration building, Room 162 ‘Fl' '9 _ 1:30

i am 9:30 am to 2:30 pm, April 14, 1972. c m, "mm \
fr New York and Albuny.SNnY ,'Oulbllimore. Md. Lair-oh Valley. Pa,    

Pad
APR” IL 1972 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS , E 11

Survivor of

 

 

CHARGE IT AT m

U" your Kowetlu Charge Plats, Uni-Card
Master Chm" or Barium-"um

 

 

 

 

 

 

NORTHWAY MALL, COLONIE- Central Avenue (Route 5) At The Northway

Open Daily Including Silurday
10 AM '1" 10PM

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 10 APRIL 11, 1972

 

 

