  
 

 

  
   
 
   
  
   

 

 

PAGE 6

Editorial

For too long this nation has suffered under the doctrine of
over-kill, the ability to destoy an enemy several times over.
Yet for what are essentially economic and political, rather
than national security reasons, the defense establishment
continues to request enormous appropriations for new
weapons systems that serve only to upset the delicate
strategic balance. The latest round in this nuclear brinkman-
ship was initiated by President Nixon when he proposed a
6.3 billion dollar increase in defense expenditures next year,
a move which we deplore. It will only lead to a decrease—
rather than an increaSe—in our national security.

It is no exaggeration to say that the United States has
spawned a military-industrial monster that threatens to
overwhelm this country~both psychologically and financial-
ly. Since I945 we have spent well over ill trillion on
armaments, yet we are no more secure today than we were
two and a half decades ago. When will the militartists learn
that more spending does not automatically lead to more
security?

When will they learn that our twenty—thousandth bomb
will in no sense offset the opponent's ten-thousandth?

When will they learn that once a certain level of
destruction is reached. no more bombs are needed?

When will they learn that the building of new weapons
s ysteiris will oiin aggravate the strategic arms race rather
than stop it:7

And when will they learn that the addition of more and
more bombs to our over Ilowing arsenals .iuly lessens our
national security rather than increases it?

r.....r........

Senator George McGovern has proposed an alternate
defense budget which calls for a $3.3 billion reduction in
defense spending over the next three years. It isaclear.
forthright estimation of this country‘s true defense needs,
and represents an honest. wellAiuforined opinion of what
weapons the defense establishment would require to ensure
our security over the coming decades.

The most important points of the McGovern proposal call
for an end to deployiiieut of the Safeguard AIIM and
MlRVs (birth are lilllltl'lﬂlllilll dollar projects). reduction of
the Navy‘s lleet of aircraft carriers from I5 to si\, reduction
in military manpower from 2.4 iriillioii to L7 million men,
and cancellation of the proposed II-l bomber.

The McGovern proposal takes into account the fact that
we can presently destroy the Soviet Union ISI) times over.
and it eliminates from the budget programs that would only
enlarge this overkill ratio, thereby saving billions of
otherwise wasted dollars. McGovern proposes to eliminate
the ABM system because it has been sliowu to be obsolete
a rid ineffective even before it has been built. He proposes to
stop MIRV deployment because the Russians have not built
the massive ABM system that MIRV was supposed to
counteract. And. he proposes to reduce the Navy's carrier
lleet because carriers haVe been severely criticized as being
vulnerable and obsolete in the face of the new Russian
Navy.

At present otir nuclear deterrent is thrccpronged. It
includes manned bombers, land-based missiles. and sill)-
marine bascd missiles. McGovern would gradually phase out
the first two categories of deterrent, relying on the
forty—five invulnerable nuclear subs, each equipped with
sixteen nuclear missiles. This would be a wise and safe
move, for in order to destroy our deterrent, an enemy
would have to wipe out 'ach submarine at the same
time an impossible feat. Thus, there is clearly no need for
land based deterrents.

It is clear. then, that Senator McGovern's proposal would
substantially reduce defense spending while fully protecting
this country against external threats of any kind. We
presently have many more missiles than we need. and to add
to this stockpile of death, as has been proposed by Laird
and Nixon, would be senseless and selfvdefeating. There is
presently no danger of the United States losing its deterrent,
and our presen' policy of builidiiig new weapons systems
leads only to new and rriorc costly arms spirals. Senator
MtGovern's proposal for graduated unilateral disarmament

is the best method any presidential candidate has yet

proposed.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

    

 
  

 

   
 

I A swine-"ﬁnk. /
millilitth ‘ /‘
5'“ ‘ .,

THAT ASSUFES My 1.540525 I’OUPE TEPR/F/ED 0F us’

In the lttlllot'

Your story on I’rofessor Don
Axeliod was sufficiently distorted “1’95 Wits 3” “nlmlillly E‘md “"11
Ill fact, tone and emphasis to W” Imminwlillc')’ bet-’5'” I“ W”-

iuining committees.

work with and res-pact him, What tnenl. The student response to the
Wars iiiosl distressng was the aulh- CUUISCS I‘L‘ hit-8’ UffCFCd CUHfIrnls
oi's apparent confusion in under‘ "19 filUllll)’ ll'dglllcnl I" “Willi”!-
siirndrng the term "militia of ously voting for his appointment,
interest" and his tendency to use This (IUCUIDCHIL‘d Sllldcnl rc-
iriiiuendo rallier than evidence. SPWISC I“ hi5 mulling “I’lllly
But his matter is not our iiniued- 5901115 mUCh "1an In the point
late concern, than any amount of prior experi~
Axelrod‘s prior teaching expcr. ence, By Virtue of some thirty
ieiice did not occur solely in high years Of progressively more res~
schools. He has served as a policy- rxrnsihlecxperience in state govern-
lcvel consultant for [he Untied meni he is uniquely qualified to
Naiins for various countries as It'll SllldCIHS Uhlll“ “the Wily I1
diverse as Turkey, Nigeria, and really is and works" in public

riincnls. A number of professional comment about his doctorate hiiv-

“ll SWIUW for Public Adniiiiisir~ to lIlL‘l'lllUtl that his D.P.A, was
unirn. Illl.‘ American Management awarded by the Maxwell School

Association have recognized his PUIIIIC"dmlnlﬁllillilllk
uclilcvctncnls by unnt‘cmng Finally. the matter of his total
awards on him and appointing CHIIUI‘ESHCUISIOIW PM “I I’CISI’W'

 

to research and policy deler- 'chv l'Itld Axelrod chosen to

In Re Axe/rod

teach at (‘orricl|. Syracuse

 

W£ZL NOT HAVE WCCESS IF E/THEA’ 0F (/5 13841.5 FROM A-
I3i.§l5/770V a: 5UPEP/O‘W7—X 50 WE M057 ACH/EVE A B‘lP/W

The quality or his SUNYA kw Ilurvard or Berkeley. his retire

ment pension would slill have to
he paid by New York State. ils

require ii reply by tllose of us WIH) sidet him for faculty appoint. w‘mld [he 5‘ “’5’ “l ‘VIII’IIUW' “l'

had hired to teach the courses
Axelrod is now teaching The sitti-
ple fact is, Axelrod has carried and
is legally entitled 'to every dollar
he receives. It would seem to us
in odd policy for SUNYA to do
otherwise than it has done since
this would piil SUNYA in a poor
.‘oinpelitive position to gel men
of Axelrod‘s calibre. We tire siiic
lhc ASI’ didn‘t intend to suggest
SUNYA should trike :iciioris
whose effect would he lo lower

the quality of offerings

Nicaragua. and several state govcr. ad ministration. Iiurtlier, your give“ SUNYA “mlc'll-‘i‘

Brziek Brown, Asst, Prof.

organizations such as the Americ- lug been earned part-lime neglects Rlcmrd l‘ Nunezr AW- Pml

Harold Adams, I’rol'.
Thomas J. Walsh, Lecturer

Association, ilie National Associa- “f Syracuse UIIIVCISII)’ which. by wall” I“ Bulk. Asst). Prof.
tion of State Budget Officers and common agreement, is one of a lulllcs J' “cuphcy' Pml‘
the American Political Scieii ce VCIY I'L'W IITSI “Illk SCIIUUIS Uf “WhenGerjlmy‘PMl'
Lester Hawkins, I’rol'.

being

 

  

  

FEBRUARY 11, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7

 

 

 

A Separate
Peace

To the Editor:

In the [our years that move been at this university, I haue noticed
that this paper has allowed 11 great variety of opinion on a mullitude
of topics. I hope that such a policy of liberalin will be able [u en-
com pass the opinions of this article, since they are those espoused
by u SUNYA student, urid since you are the printed expression of the
student body I therefore trust that you will find space available for
this essay; I than/r you.

I am not alone now; I live. Before, l existed; now, I LIVE. There is
peace within: my spirit is tranquil. I can look at the world through
placid eyes. What has happened.“ He has come within me; Ile Who is
All has allowed me to become part of His All.

Before I entered llis Life-,1 queried: What is the True Wriy'f; and
searched for the answer. I looked down many paths and some I
followed. I crossed over to others. But there is only one Path and I
never thought that I could walk upon it. I was alone in my search and
that aloneni-ss made the search become a lonely one. I could be
ebullient externally at times. but my interior felt that life was only
the preparation for a niliilist death, And that realization made me
increasineg depressed...

Last r'riday, however, I decided to try another way to [he Path. I
went with a few friends to a Christian prayer meeting in Troy. The
group was young in age and we got along quite well. IIoWi-Ver, as the
night progressed, I became increasingly aware of thy separation from
llil'nl.

’l'heri-wcrc iwciily of Il'll'm, \vrth eyes closed, praising their Way, in a
hypnotic chant, "Praise the Lord. Thank you, larril.” l I may seem
ridiculous, bill their voices I)i'(‘ilnll' as sources of holiness that
surrounded me, the utilion one My ears Iii-cami- as it microphone,
gathering every sound it heard from every source in that room. The
voices kept the same loudness, lrtil they cai‘ni- closer and closer to my
iiiiiiil, although the ehiinli-rs did not mch Iroin their plat s. There
was community iii that room, a ('brislian community that was closing
in rrii me (Ill, (iod‘ liow l so much wanted to JUII) lIii-ni btit
something blocked by way, Slrtlli'llllllu l l‘illllll not identify (lli, howl
prayed il uoiild go away!

I wanted to shout but I restrained my'rlf for fear of losing my
dignin Iiut llll' chant cami- closer and closer and closer it i-nii-Iopetl
my i-ssi-nci: I had to cry out. and I did "(iotl gin-e niaii ll'i‘l' wrll, the
will to r'booosi- ililn or to I'l'jl‘l'l Iliiri (loil does not come to man:
iriuii comes to (loll. And (ioil li-rinnol tit-t [it you!" | crumpled iiilo ii

 

 

bull irl tears

The ('hrrsiians cami- .iioririil inc and laid hands on tile, praying. I
wanted to speak bill could not Then, I thought that ill could utter
sounds to llirri, that iiriilil i-sprcss iriy i‘lnlllllill. l uttered one sound
that was my own Illll llii- rest lilo not know where they came from
I Illill'l‘ll my \oici parts in one way, but another sound i-anii- oiil
Someone else hail control

.r\.s soon as it came. II was |l\‘l‘l' 'Iliir tears, the shaking. the
depression. w re gone .\llll so “as the block The peace, ilial
Ill‘illlllllll lll'ilt‘l‘l, entered my soul Jesus had .riisWi-ri-(I my calls I aiii
in “la |.il'c ItlIII a (Thristiaii.

“Plll‘Yl' or not, Jesus is within me .iiid I in Him. (ltitwardly, I may
seem llli' same, but inside there has been grciil change I live now,
l.|\"l'j', and I will live after my body ceases to Ill‘, in Him. I have no
fear. I have no sadness for i am one of lIll' community. I am not alone
I am not loiiely...l’raise IIII‘ liordl

Ch titles Sullivan

 

 

 

 

Communicatio

To the Editor:

HS

and public opinion." This descrip- me wonder if there is any depart-

. “9" Wild!!!” that. Soc. 355 deals mentiil concern over whether it
When it student registers for u with various iuipeets of mass eom- professor is following the 95m,

course that. IE offered infrequent munieution
ly, he must depend largely on the represented in the courses at
university catalog for information SUNYA,
about. that course. It seems, how- Lin announce
ever, that. serious diacrepimCies that Soc. 35
sometimes exist between catalog stud
descriptions rind uetuul course "i, the most
content, causing needless frustrii- individuﬂl L.
tion and inconvenience for litu- mutton!
dents. I refer specifiuilly to Sociol- hﬂvmmi influom:u mm m “n in“,
ogy 355, The Main; Media, in mm"; media would be I
which I enrolled for the Spring [mm “mi.
1072 itetnelrter. According to the for rm.
lll7l-72 Undergraduate Bulletin, “mm.”
the course explores “The rule ()l'uj,,.p,‘yc
the newspaper, radio, II‘I1'VIbIUIIPrnruxﬁ“rLi”.
and motion pii'litrutt in American mu. ,nqup
society . and their functional but-
ruliitioniiliip to education,
economy, the political

iiuiu- of ii vocational interact in

llN-‘rniuis media operations, this news

proeulni. Wiltl ii big tliriiippoiutmenl. It maili-
e..._.-..... . . . .  . .

. ....

 

. ii field not. very well Iiithed guidelines for it course.
II. iii true that. Professor
Instead. Professor Niin made the course direction perfect
d at the first lecture ly clear at once, thus giving «In
I") would involve the dents ample lime to drop it. NOW
y of human communication ever, I think it [It obvion that if
btiiiie level, including the information Iiiid been ﬁll/"ll
neounter with infor» iible before registration, it wUUltl
PHI/Clwlugieiil effects, be~ hiiVil saved it lot. of time for many
people, and certainly shortened
touched on the drop iidd line I feel that the
to time. The only text eiitnlog should he owned In ll"U
courliii iii “The Study of viile students with accurate IIill"
Communication," it so And
I‘lll'lllll'ﬂl work written by that tIt-iil directly WlIll Illl' mass
For students who, media would be it Welcome iiilrll
had taken the course iimr

Sincerely,
'liiiidiii M

 

Ill"

ineidi'iitrilly, more courses

 

 

  
 

Alli/\N‘r
Sllllll lr'
l‘lllfi‘i

ﬂit)

Production Manager
warren wishari

Editor-ln-Chief
al senia

Nuws Etlilor Advertising Manager
' mid air. Illr” ,.ri r rut-i2

Assticintu News Editor Assoeiiilu Advertising Mimiignr
iii-in ."rl" ..- r, trillion.

Finituriis Editors Business Mtinzignr

ittlitlyml [II (It ii,ill

rlclrlrrw i' ll!- rlrrr Tuehtiieiil Editor
Oil Campus News Editor rIr’Illl .- meow.

trot. r-r.r,r'r Assistant Technical Editors
Associated Press Editor r iw-r r air-iii

ilii.i,lu, .‘,. 

Arts Editor Advertising Production

li-.r‘ .iom rll r trinity.
Assistant Arts Eilitur iii, .i .in Ill
o ii-vii- l Il 'rrr Giiilliti Editor
Sports Editor II -lu.rr owl
.n Ill illlll‘y (.‘liissiliutl Advurtising Mllllﬂuul
Photography Editors .r r, to) I'llll'li)
to Ill tIliiiIi'. Circulation Miiiiuuur
-.ir-n-ooil.irl rorrwooil
Editorial Page Editor Exchange Editor
marl liliirl‘.l.y

quit, Hi i l Illll

llio l iiiioriai llIIIil' oi Illll Albany ‘rluilnrii Press is located Ill
iarnpm i'irntur i.'ii oi llin state University ol Nuw Ylllh .il
Altraiiv. Moo Wasnrrnitori Avenue, Albany, Now YUIM
li’l‘lli‘ liiu A‘sl' only no reached by luluniiiiriu lII (till!)
Afr/Hull, lnu Albany fitutluiil l'rirss subscribes to tire
Associated Press. LIilllmw Press Service, and Liberation News
Esurvlcu, and is partially IUIIIIINI try tiiandalury )Illdulll tax.
I’VILD lot a subscription H savuii dollars our year or tour
dollars per semester

Cniiiitiunlcdllons are printed as space pounds and are slinlacl
to calling. Editorial policy ol tins Albany Sluduul Press Is
determined by the Editorial Board

 

 

Rights for Paisanos
by Roberto Di Scipio

Opinion

Today this nation's 10,000,000
Italian-Americans are experiencing
a great renurgenee in ethnic pride
and militancy, as are other minor-
ity groups. Many of the slranieri
and some of the middle class
Italian-Americans question the
necessity of this “Risorgimento of
Italiiinita" i.e. Italian consciou-
sness. These ignorant people know
little ol' the Italian experience in
this country and often are not.
even interested. (Except of
course, when it comes to that
nefarious organization the Hon-
ored Society).

The fuel is that the Italians hiiVe
suffered more in this country due
to their ethnicity than any other
white ethnic minority, This
country has seen the most vile
anti-Catholicism imaginable with
incredible pogroms launched by
Wiisp nativisls against. Catholic im-
migrants from 1830 to 1850.
However, this was a religious per-
secuation and not an ethnic one.
For example, hostility was not
directed agains: Irish and German
Protestants. Jews, by comparison
fared much better, although tlis
eriinintiiion was severe. There are
two cases when it Jewish person
was lynched in all American his-
lory. ii SIHIrD contrasi lo the

 

 

tun-cl I-,'riciiiinli'l‘ .-\fro American
and American Jew" by Weislrorill

Iii II'll‘ ('ns‘i' of the Ilalian:, llic
deep bigotry lhul infected the
Anglo's iriirid was not only ri-Ii
gioiis bitt (lei-ply l'ZI(‘lttl as Well. It
left the Italian it very bitter “11*
.it‘_\' Many people are unaware of
how deeply rooted lhii-r pri-piil
ici-s against IlilIIIIIIS ill'l'

llisloricrilly. Northern and
Southern I‘luropi‘ lirivi- Iii-i-ri rivals
since Roman limes lleligrouslv, II
is it history of Protestant versus
Roman (‘alholir Anti-Italian
racism has roots in Marlin lailli
er's bias against llll‘ "pagan'
Italians ('ultui'ally. it is Iiilllll
Versus 'I'i-utonic i-iviliuitioii. and
racially, Nordic " rsus Mediter-
rant-an 'I'lii- l'.li‘l.\.3—IIIVIII Ili'lil to
day by Anglos also It“
I‘lli/..ilii-iliaii lili-raiuri-
pic, it is seen in llll' personality of
Iago ii MIlCIlanl'lllllll, diabolii'
Villain in Shakespeare's ()ffll‘llll, or
llii- blood funds and family Ven
deltas of Romeo and iIllIIi'f. This
is England's legacy to Anglo

America.

When Southern Iliiliiins first
came here in large numbers in the
1880's and lllllll's they were seen
as far stranger and more con
spieuous than preceding ethnic
groups. Italian imrnigranls were
abused, spat upon, storied, ex-
ploiletl and called "Utilities,"
“wops,” "greiisers," and
“guirii-i " Italians were refused
jobs, i‘ ()tin Nirrtlies need apply”
read some signs), housing, on»
trance iii social clubs, and own
groceries at, slores. Iii certain parts
of the South, Iliiliiiiis Wl'l‘l' banned
from white schools. The state of
South (llll‘OllIlzl i-vcii passed a law
forbidding Iliiliiins to i-Veii migrate
to that slnte.

Many nailvrsts condemned
Italians as the most coriti-mplildc
of IIII‘ newcomers, calling them
the "(‘liiui-se of I‘iiirope." Wood
row Wilson, lll his fch volumi-
Ifl.\lirl‘_\' of (hi- .‘Illll'l‘ll‘tlll People,
said llll' IllllltlllS liiitl neither .sliill
niii‘ energy, niir lililinttvi- iiiri
quielt intelligence Said lie, “the
Chinese were more to III‘ iii-sired."
Illlllllllh were thought of iiiiil eon
sliintly poi'lrtiyeil as ignoriint,
priest ritltli-rl, dishonest, Iiol
blooded llll(l vengeful in popular
literaluru. Indeed the Very word
Itiilinn continues to invoke nu
image of "the stilirlto, the Mllflll,
vunduttii. deeds of impassioned
Violence and superstition."

ltiililiiis also were lumped to
gether with blueka llli ii l'non
~(Iisniriible brownish men." In I800,
ii member of the Congriissioniil

'r basis Ill

 

l-or exam-

 

1‘") Europe they left. ( lliIth'

committee questioned a West
Coast railroad construction boss.
“You don't call an Italian a white
man?" The boss responded, “Of
course not. the Italian is a Dago."
Madison Grant, a lawyer and Yale
graduate, in his racialldiatribe The
Passing of the Great Race. warned
that the Yankee must. be protec-
ted rom inferior races - the Ita-
lians, Jews and Slave. Other books
described the Italians, Jews and
Sluvs. Other books described the
Italians as a race of lawless mon-
grels and bandits. In l9|2 Prescott
Hall, founder of the Restriction
League asserted in the North
American Review that the Italian
was partly Negroid, and therefore
undesirable. Facist unliv Mediter-
ranean immigration laws eon-
linlll'd till 1065.

As bad as all this was, this
racism showed a worse face in the
lynchings, massacres and pogroms,
suffered by Italians across the
entire tuition from l874 to the
IQJIIYS. In l89l, after a super-
intendent of police, David Hen»
nessey was killed allegedly gy
“Dagoes” in New Orleans, the
police rounded up hundreds of
random Italians. No evidenei- was
really found against them and the
court had to drop the charges btit
the townspeople demanded blood.
On March l-l, IRSJI, ii mob of 6,000
people, Ici' by prominent citizens,
marched on the jail screaming
“Death to the Dagoi-s." Defensi-
Ii-ss Italians were shot, bludgi-irnetl
and lynched from ltimppusls Iile-
vi-n Ilalians (lied, and lllay prom-
ptly severed ri-allions \vrlh ii cal-
lous II'S‘, as the world looked on
in shock (lur good friends. the
r'ii'isl New York Times wroli-
“'I'liesc sneaking .intl cowardly Si»
ciliaiis, the descendants of ban
this and who 1 ans
porli-tl lo this country the lawless
|l;i\.\lllll.~, llli' cul tliriral prrii'tici-s

 

.iuil oath boiiiiil societies of lIli'll‘
ii.i|i\‘i country, are In ll\ ii pi'sl
\\ilIIIllll mitigation " The Times
illl.\|'l'\i'll tli.it Italian criminals
tiialtr- American murderers loolt
ler' mi-n irl noliilit\ 'I'Iiisissiii-
exploded and Illl'll' was even four
of war iiiilil tlii- l"S' palliin illl
iilirmiiily A similar iriciilciit also
occur-cit in West Virginia iii the
same year In trillil Italians were
lynched in I)ciiVi-r, ('oloi‘iiilo, then
in l-‘illfi six Italian laborers were
slaughtered by a mob in South
(‘olorailo In lHllti Il min attacked
the jail in lluliiivdli', Louisiana, in
il quarrel li\’l'l' a goal. This eun~
liiiui-d in many other states linlil
llll7.

In lll'Jtl. thi- l’iilmi-r raids and the
trial of Sacco and Van/.i-tli
brought anli~ Itiilninism lo new
heights, The trial of Sacco aan
Vaim-ili is America's Dreyfus
(Tase bill Dreyfus was not killed;
in eoiiirust, the/US. government
murdered Sacco and Viiiizetti, its
its poliei- murdered Andrea Sii|~
ei-do before them. Distrust and
bigotry towards Italians caused
the eoiirl to dismiss the lesliinoiiy
of IX Italian witnesses in the ersc.
When Sacco and Vanxetli were
brutally i-xceuli-d iii lll‘J7. world
WlIIl‘ ili-iriiriisli'iilioiis exploded o
Vi'l this cause celebi't- Yi-l anti~
Italian Violence grew. During the
lrial for i-xairipli'. in West Fraud
l'ort. Illinois ii series (If bunlt roll
bi-rii-s engineered allegedly by the
Illiielt llrintl, brought on n \vilil
spasm of Violence llial lasted three
days with mobs .illiicliiiig llll‘ Ila
liiin districts, dragging liysti-rieal
residents from lllt‘ll‘ homes, club

I

(Madison Grant's alma mater) re-
marked at a banquet. for Lindsay
“If Italians aren't actually an in-
ferior race, they make the best
imitation I've ever seen." Movies,
news reporting, magazines, novels
and T.V. all portray Italians in the
most defamatory light. After Ita-
lians pressured several commer-
cials and shows off the air, some
people thought Italians too sensi-
tive. However would other minor-
ities be even slightly as good
humored if they suffered the same
discrimination still? The American
now is interested in other minor-
ities and books and! movies showing
blacks, Indians and Jews as he-
roles are popular. But when it
comes to Italians all he‘s inter-
ested in is the so called Mafia. It. is
worth noting that. Mario Puzo
himself admits that his novel, The
Godfather is a legend and inferior
to an earlier novel, The Fortunate
Pilgrim, his Godfather is one of
the fastest selling novles in history
- over I,000,000 in hardcover and
9,000,000 in paperback. Of
course The Fortunate I’ll/{rim did
not deal with Italians who are
riicketeers. It never seems to bo-
ther the racist. straniero that lit»
Iiiin racketeers are only it fraction
of organized crime. Many other
groups are mixed up in the rue»
kets. Meyer Liinsky (the biggest
rackeleer in the US.) and Doc
Roscn are Jewish, as Well as their
gangs. The Hudson (Younly 8 were
Irish. But no one talks of an Irish
Rackets Association or a Kosher
Conspiracy. No, in this country,
the Iltiliaiis are the script-goals
always. Now there is a Godfather
(illllll’ Mafia monopoly which
promises to make our children
suffer more eullui'nl genocide.
Would .lewrsh people tolerate a
"Protocols of Zion“ game'.’ Bill
then the slranii'ro says \Vl‘l'l' "too
scusitivc!“ Nicholas I’ilegei. a wri-
li-r for New York magazine notes
tlial “Italians are .siipplanting the
Indians as the nalional bad guy ”
Indeed, if anyone I‘ltllH‘llll‘II any
other minority us they do the
Italian, he would be punched otit.
Only Italians are expected to lol-
i-ratt- bigotry

It is- time that we Italians gel the
rights i-Vcryoni- else has in this
count ry I“l’illll\’ Arrieiile of
(' l.,\.(), noted recently at an i-lli»
llll' cirnfi-reiicc of the Ami-riciin
.lcwtsli Congress that it was impor-
ant for Italians to gel oVer this
'I'i'ulonic myth of the superiorin
of the “blue-eyed blond." As the
blacks hich a bliick is beautiful
campaign, Italians must liiiVe iin
olivr- is beautiful inovr-ment. "I~
IIIII‘I’II we must rid ourselves of
the :s't'lf‘llilllllu, sell-out putluric in
our midsts. Similarly, it is imper-
alivv that Ilaliiins I'esint assimi-
liitioiiist views iii the schools. The
schools are concentration camps
of cultural murder that kill our
eliildrens' minds wilh this melting
pot iriythology. Our history in
thein this eourilry is totally muted
and oiir language is being phased
out. Our I’Iymoulh Rock is Ellis
Island. We etui'l relate to any
Mayflower and the Pilgrims. Nor
can We ' late to the likes of the
slr'tiIiIr-ro's view of otir people
such as portrayed by I’ig Breslm in
"The ir'riiip 'I‘luil I‘oiilrlri't Shoot
SIrriig/il " I'IVi-n 'I'irni'niiigtiune no
teil that the film's characters are
"Vicious, racial stereotypes ”
“Everyone is l'lllll'l vi-uiil, murder

 

oils, or rounded."

Indians in this country are on
the bottom of Amerii' 's while
t‘Illlllt‘ totem pole socially, poli-

 

lung and stoning lhi'm uh lll".t|(-"||y‘ ,q-umimit-ully, culturally.

mobs burned down their homes
During Prohibition. the Ku Klux
Klan decided to wage war against
"lliillun bootleggers." 'I'liey so .et
Illl' city government by foree iii
an Illinois town and in pitched
hiitlli-a With the Italians killed 20
people

Although this settle of violent
iintiltiiliiiii racism hurl declined,
much will ltiiliun racism pervades
all aspects of American life. Hence
it world famous Yule professor

 

iind i-tliieiitionully (See l’iitrlt'In
Sexton's ltluc Collars and Hard
Ilrrtsl. llowevvr Iliitlieiil (‘hie liA
mousini' liberals could care less.
We must lurii inward and help our
own kind here and abroad llllil us
the Jews have done. We are now ii
people on the move with it proud
and ancient print and a hobby
destiny. We are ll people in exile
ll'ruin our homeland. II purl. of

Ilullii Irridentn; we shrill over
come.

          
         
               

.../. 1.. Mama-i}. “

    
        
 
     
 
 
    
  
  
  

    
  
   

     
  
  

  

   
     
      
 
      
     
      
     
      
         
       
    
 
   

    
      
    
       
  
  
    
     
   
  
  
  
  
     
    
  
  
   
  
    
 
  
   
     
       
           
   
      
       
       
   
    
     

 
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
    
  
     
   
  
 
  
    
  
    
 
   
      
   
  
  
 
 
 
   

 

  
    
   
 

        

