   

 

 

 

aroma v ' :;

 

‘ for Student Opinion

by Michael Stewart

How did you get to be President of the Student Association?

I guess Istarted as any onewould. As in freshman I was interested in
student government. I attended my first committee meeting and
read through a copy of the constitution. In October of that year I
became an at large ‘ ' In " ' of my ‘ L year
I became vice-chairman of the old religious affairs commission which
has since been abolished under the new S.A. constitution of the
spring of 1970. .

Under the old constitution I became a council member and later
was elected Viee-Pooaident in my Sophomore year. I became
President at the end of my Junior year, winning the election over
Ken Stokem who is now chairman of the Central Council. I was
re-elected for my Senior year because people haVe been satisfied
with my performance.

Who turns out to vote in the Spring?

Nearly twenty percent of the students do vote. That’s a high
percentage for a student election. Some school district referendums
have lower turnouts.

What is the scope ofyour activities as President and what might be
a norm! day [or you?

For a variety of reasons I am just what my office is called—a chief
executive officer. The Vice-President is the chief administrative
ofﬁcer. As President I count on the Vice-President to be an
administrative officer. He makes many of the discretionary decisions
and I make only the ones I need to. I don't need to know
everything—that's called management by exception. Only the prob-
lems crop up to my desk.

The problems the clubs might have go to theVicoPrtBident ...and all
of that’s the inside job.

The outside job is mine.

In the absence of Central Council action the President speaks for
the S.A. I am an ex-officio member of the University Senate
Executive Committee; obliged to meet regularly with the board of
directors of the Alumnai Association; speak to outside community

groups; serve as a “sound man" for student opinion on Administra-
tion decisions and for other uniVersity and outside publics as Wt'll.

As for a sample day-“Next Friday l fume in meeting for Community
Univorsity day at 9:00--'an effort to bring local people to campus to
see it in action, At 1:00 l'm expected to attend an FHA board of
directors meeting, Issues on student wages; and employment will in-
discussed,

Later I'll attend the UniVersity Council meeting where they'll
adopt parking regulations and I will have to represent students.
Additionally, I'll be in my office to deal with SA. problems. I'll also
be keepng abreast of dcvolopmcnts in the state student‘s association
meetings and meetings of the State University Board of ’l‘rustees.

All that is not a common day, but, it comes out that way every
few weeks, Most of them are a little less packed.

Don't you carry any clonxesf'

Certainly, I carry a full sixteen hours. I have a 0:00 and a 1:00
Monday, Wednesday, Friday class and I steal the notes from the SA,
Controller who is in the same cliuiis. I liaVc a night class and a six
hour independent study, the hours of which are rather flexible.

Have you had trouble with hours duringl other semesters?

No. Every semcatcr I'Vc had some sort of independent study since
my sophomore year.

[)0 you fine of/campuu.’

On campus in Dutch. Living off campus would be tough
accessibility wise.

In my Sophomore year—after the campus demonstrations—
Somebody tried to flush a cherry bomb down one of the johnii in
the campus center and blew up the whole john. We could just pop
out of bed, with no hassles and convince the administration that
there was no plot going to blow up all the johns in the school,

Three fourths of the students live on campus and I experience the
same problems of crappy food, late laundry, atanding in lines, and
the rest, I don‘t consider myself as different from other students,
even though there are some people who do,

How are S A. relations with other groups in Hll‘ school?

With the clubs—good

At the end of the your problems arise and We get Iabled bad guys
'l‘hat'ii when funds run out or when decisions havr- been iniidtl that
special interest groups don'l like. 'l'l'luh’i' things will happen though.
Generally things are good.

Our relations with the administration are good ion. However there
ure increasingly things that dmturl) inc, and I won't say mon- than
that.

All far as the outside community goaii, we'll be working on that
thlii year. They don't always hear about the good that happens. They
hear about the political nlelkL‘l‘H but not the oncvbundrcd and
fourty-one pints of blood donated in last weeks' drive We'll l)t'
working to change that

How are your .‘2' A lllll‘l'llul minim/nit

I get along well with most of the people here We have different
styles iirid pernpectivos and we disagree some lint, Lbiil'ii healthy.
Dive-nilty is one of the interesting things about a university as ll
university. It keeps us from boredom.

What part of New York are you from originally” Win-re lh' your
home!

Nassau County on Long Island is where my family iii. i spent my
early life in New York City until I Wutl in the fifth grade.

I sat dowu to figure it all out last summer. Iguana i call New York
my home. This year, however, I'll spend ten weeks in Washington,
ten weeks on Long Island, and the mat of the time I'll be spending in
Albany. Ilut where can a student really call home? Is it where he
spends most of his time? Or where his family is? That's a problem
that puzzles me. But in the and I suppose Masiiupuquu Park, Long
Island Iii-home

laniperi '-'S'ound Man'l’i

 

 

 experience the same prob-
lcins of crappy food, late
laundry, standing in lines, and
the reil. I don 'I consider myself
d.\' different from rnlu'r students,
even though there are some who
do, "

 

 

 

 

no, in
M10, 6

4 M “ ___,
.Ap- JV“:

w; .ésvuvab
,4

What sort o/pluns do you have after graduation?

Law school in Boston. Every budding young lawyer would like to
go to IIarvard,,,but we‘ll see. It's all to soon to tell. But I'll think
about it seriously this coming month. Beyond that it‘s all in the air.

Would you iiuuluutc SA. (th' :1 stands now.’

I suppose like the popular joke, it's both good news and bad news.

'I‘liere's been ll lot of good in the past four years, and a lol I like,
We've taken atcpii toward providing better services for Hilltlt‘lllh’ in
the form of [his Linc ticket service, etc.

Innovations FSA has improved chr lta punt ’l'hi-y‘vv mow-d in
better management of services for students

Perhaps FHA-HA services are leading effectively toward a .~.iml--ol
COW”) illl ('illllpllﬁ lil‘l‘VlClll’i.

We've been able to establish better quality programing willioui
raising lhc :illldcnl activity fee We‘ve also logged up good
representation records on such items as the tuition, parking
regulations and phone subsidy refunds.

In the bad things, there's always the danger of becoming over
liurenucratizcd. Lately also I've been concerned over some Slullh in
the administration and a certain amount of ginning devaluping
between the Central Council and the Exociitivc branch I l'orsee
possible problems in such com petition.

Iltlli' being I’ri‘ridi'nl helped you in any may as a person!

Sure. 1) It has been an interesting experience learning about
grullpa, pcnpli', ayatomn, and processes. 2) I‘ve learned about the
University, it.» problems and legal l'llVll‘tMlanlll. ll) I'Vi- met a lot of
people I'm glad I met for Vili‘ll'tllra of reasons,

Just a while ago, 1 (allied to a student and asked if she had on)
findings on SA She said it was clii/uiiih. Do you feel any .mi'h i-hni'gr
m justifiable!

'I‘hiit'a an understandable comment, though I must any II I! wrong
I agree with llll' logic, but not the choice of words. It’s not a
clique....'l‘hiit implies snobbiahncas iind cxcluniviam which isn't the
case.

There is n Hulll‘l‘ tclualon process which motivates similar llllldh oi
piiopln to be interested in tho same kinds of things like newspaper»
radlon or student government. That may appear like u clique, but it'i
not.

There are some people who call all the third floor offices, tho
“third floor clique."

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1972

 

 

dlshaw

 

   

 

Progress a Threat to Pine Bush 

 

 

 

Area Adjacent to Uptown Campus

by Robin Doiz
and Ann E. Bunker

Again, progress moves in. Progress:
bringing waste, irreversible destruction,
death to the natural environment. This time
the focus is on the Pine Barrens, a few
thousand acres shared by Albany, Colonie
and Guilderland.

Thousands of years ago, as the glacial ice
receded, Lake Albany was formed. As this
inland sea dried up, winds drove the sandy
sediment into dunes; Time passed, and the
former lake bed was coveicd with Oak and
pine forests . , , the Pine Bash

Over the years; the Pine Bush has evolved
into a unique coo-system. It can be likened
in nature to the pine barrens of Cape Cod,
Long Island and New Jersey, but it retains
features entirely its own. The combination
of plants, animals and geographic features is
not duplicated anywhere else. Scientists
across the nation recognize its uniqueness
and emphasize the importance of its preser-
vation.

Periodic fires in the Pine Bush act as a
control agent; that is, they keep the vegeta-
tion from becoming overcrowded. Without
this burning, the Pine Bush would long since
have evolved into the white pine climax
forest typical of much of this state. Many
such forests were wiped out years ago by the

 

 

“The possibility of Albany and Schenectady ioining in
one endless urban sprawl is a not-so-distant threat."

 

 

    

gold

.
Periodic fires in the Pine llusli are responsible for slowing natural succession and maintaining the areas unique

character.

destructive logging operations of our pre-
decessors.

The plant community, while dominated by
pitch pine and oak, boasts innumerable‘
other species, Berries abound, ferns dot the
hillsides and even wild orchids ﬂourish.
Rabbits, field mice and chipmunks share
their home with goldfinches, orioles and the
rare eastem bluebird. Insect life thrives; in
fact, the discovery of a new sub—species of
butterﬂy, the Karner Blue, was made in
Albany's Pine Bush.

From an historical perspective, the Pine
Bush has much to offer. Historians point out
that remnants of the oldest westbound trail
from Albany to Schenectady can still be
traced through the Pine Bush. This "King's
Highway" was the route used by soldiers
heading west during the French and Indian
Wars. Settlers followed this trail into the
Mohawk Valley and beyond,

Today, the Pine Bush is facing a battle for
survival. Already, it has been violated by the
onslaught of progress: roads and garbage
dumps, houses and commerce. Steadin and
relentlessly, man is devastating this area.

Of the original 16,500 acres destignated as
pine bush in character, conservation sources
say that only 4,000 acres remain "pure"
pine bush, and of this, only about 2,000
acres are considered salvageable. These 2,000
acres exist in five blocks, separated from
each other by roads, development and the
like. Two of these blocks lie entirely within
the City of Albany, one entirely within the
Town of Guilderland, and the others
straddle the Albany-Colonie-Guilderland
boundaries.

The fact that the areas of interest cross
lines of political jurisdiction is perhaps one
of the primary obstacles in attempts to save
the Pine Bush. Each community acts with its
own individual interest foremost in mind.
The primary concern of Colonie is to
broaden its tax base, according to the Town
Supervisor, Guilderland feels that their pine
bush holdings are best suited for commercial
and industrial development, with an eye
towards broadening their tax base. The City
of Albany claims it has a true interest in
preserving part of the pine bush but points a
finger at the lack of cooperation on the part
of Colonic and Guilderland. And so it
continues, as politics and economics overrule
ecology and nature

Preservation of the Pine Bush is important
for several reasons. For one, the Capitol
District is shamefully short of recreational
and open-space needs. in fact, the possibility
of Albany and Schenectady joining in an
endless urban sprawl is a not-sordistant
threat. Should the Pine Bush be left in its
natural state, part of this problem would be

anewated' continued on page 2

  

u r.

 

