PAGE '5

 

FEBRUARY 18, 1972 FEBRUARY 18, 1972

Squelched by Boyer?

Report Backs Schools

Campus School Report
by Vicki Zeldin
Capital Correspondent
SUNY should "take ii firm stand to continue present campus
schools...“ according to the report of an ad hoc committee appomted

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Slated to Speak on Connie 'nsurgency:
Blanchfield Gives Views on World Events

situation in South Viet Nam as one specific he was

by Ferris EMU“ most interested in. Blanehfield explained he had no

Major Thomas BlanChﬁEIdt sponsored by the first-hand information about Viet Nam. but went on
Forum or Pouticsi Spoke to an audience of about to tell of his experiences in Korea.

1 I one'hundred and ﬁfty waanSdﬂy ﬂight in the One student brought up the topic of "urban"

I campus cent" Assembly Hull- “0 explained the guerillas and this lead Blanchfield to the subject of

problems or guermn “f0. 41nd Outlined the objectives counter-guerillu warfare. which he was slated to

5 PAGE 2
t

 

                 

 

‘ i or guermﬂ warfare. discuss' He "ugly "rimmed that torture and Lerrori‘ last year by SUNY Chancellor Ernest L. Boyer to consider the future
Blanehl‘ield first defined “gucrilla” according to zation are used to fight guerillas, but emphasized oi‘campus schools, '
Army doctrine as a “combatant force using guerilla that he had never used such methods or had The “mun was unande “L H“, c"d Of Octopeh but not “auaseld ‘
tactics" and later used the term to identify anyone personally seen them uscd. llc told the audience until this wwk “nor extensive prvssum was applied by thno press. it Is
: who was "an enemy of the United States.” that “eVery man in the armed forces is trained in run by sum.- nhsertiprs that-Boyer attempted to sit on the report.
I He cht on to describe thc physical and mental counter-insurgency." humus" h“ woum hk" m (“Sppnﬁi’ with- Uw “In SUFY {Ulsdrdt‘iag
hardships most gucrillas fiicc, emphasizing the strcss Earlicr in the owning, students opposing the 1, ()Pl‘riltt“l SCHHOIS lhill cost 50910 3“) mlllllm il yc-Ir L0 huPPfll‘ . )U
placed upon [hp “Hump. {mom who 4,,” u. t” . ,. . .. r B]. .t r.” “t [0 Drum“. their report did not recommend llns action. A covcrstntcmcnt‘irom SLlNY
‘ outmumb T.“ u . . .‘ . I . i ( w" y “I.” “mun: I) ‘muvu (. m if“. A . t r Central included with thc report states that, “At this time ol fiscal
' i.” w 1.‘ (mm-M . plotcst. lhcy licld Hugs and man I wmmtn! (‘l. - all programs in the University must be carefully reviewed.
“ All gucrilla tactics, as stated by Blanclilii-ld, throughout the lecture, but caused no disturbances. x Prinmim musl I)“ 501' ,Hw future ur my mmle Wham is H crucial
support the population of lhc country" tlicy arn b‘cvr-ral times during the lecture individuals votce ‘ * ism“. v
lighting for. He outlined the principle incthods of Pl‘rSUmll opinions 0" Sllth'l-‘i “"00"” from w The report claimed that thc schools provide “essential prcﬁtudent , 
"‘ uncrillu warfare, naming ambushcs as thc must Blanchfield and Viet Nam tuthc gcncralsituationin ‘ touching iubummry geh‘misnj' The ducumvm up,“ tuned fur the 2 1
t‘fl‘cctivc and most Widcly used attack, the world. The evening eventually turned to per- . g tlchlopmcnt of a armpiis school utilization plan to cover the next five .3 
' All“ Blunchficld finished his pri-pni‘otl talk, he soiial discussions. Blanchficld Icft after follrty-five 3 years, land-.un anal ' of the cost of operating the schools  _ 1 I , g  ‘ Y IIE ll
| invited questions from the aiidicncc. A sturlcnt miiiutcs and thc mccting brokc up, but dialogues MW ' - ' ' U fiellfrfnlll" ll  CUSt-S “’0 I'L‘ilﬁlimlléle- Th8 erof} “mill-Klimt Yul: ' '5. V i, ’ tr , ’ 6
asked him to dispcnsc Willi gcncralitici‘ anti hypo- continued as people left the Assembly Hall. Malt-3' Thoma-'1 Blancmwld 5 spew" 0“ coumef‘msu'gency wadnes’  p3li§3tggéupdzxg titlgtndeeof itztéumgﬁtgztiof; n 8w or AWN“!!! to the upon of U! ad hoc committee appomted by Chancellor Boyer, SUNY "siould take I r
thctictil cases and talk about specifies. citing ill" day ended in the trading of accusations and insults between people in in this same respect. Albany’s Campus school . The Milne school . firm stand to continue present schools." The 7th and 8th grades of Milne School (above) were recently t
See centerfold the audience, while Blanchfield slipped out a rear door of the Campus Principal, Dr. Theodore Fossieck sent a letter to the Chancellor last dropped, 3
came, Assembly Ha“, More pix in centerfoid, month stating that it would be good for the University's public image 
if the Chancellor would make a pDSitive statement about the campus 3

Some Notesfoniiesidenoé Stilt/Ergo,“ 7 m ____

Evidently the Statc Dorm
Authority lnis sonic extra
money, and when tlicy liavc ll.
they flaunt it. SUNYA dorms arc
slated for some much iiccdi-d
repairs and some other physical
alterations in lhc ncar fulurc

'l‘he giisly Winds that Iowcr
residents have experienced Will
subside thanks to a few changes
Some work Will be donciin thc
fans in the clcvator shafts so
lowcr rcsidcnts Will lic ablc to
open the dorm doors cvcn on
windy (lays. Doors will bc
Installed at cithcr end of lhc
balls on ihc cvcn floors This
will alli'gcdly also hclp lo cut

down on thc drafts lliiw

'l'hcy Will install slormwindows
iii tbc fiill'raround
and will take tlicrn down in
April. thri- lhc man powcr for
this liltlc cndcavor will come
from is not nuiti- ('i'i'ltiln. But,
the most intern-sling thing about
lhcsc storm Windows is that
til](‘l' they are pill up, lhc
unsuspecting dorm rcsidcnt Will
find that tic can't opcn his
Windows. So from ()cliilit'r to
\pril dorm livi-rs can i-VIdcnt-
ally say goodbye lo fresh air
and iii lhrownig Ioilcl paper out
lhc Windows
Another
about

()(‘tolicr

interesting
rcsidcncc

llUU‘
halls is lliat
Albany's iicwcsl, and as of ycl

Middle Earth Sponsors
Drug Seminars Saturday

by Vicki (Iottlicli
This Saturday, at it) i\.M. in
lecture ccnlcr l. hcroin comics to
Albany Stalc. At that
Middle l‘larlli will hc sponsoring a

timc,

hcroni workshop open to thc
cntii-c nnchrsity community and
to the gciicral public.

The scininar is schcdulcd to last

all morning and afternoon and as

ate as pciiplc want to sharc and
Two films
will lic shown, "llarkncss. Darkl

discuss Information

totally community slippoi‘lcd
center in the Bronx works and thc
political vicws on heroin use.
After the films. thi-i'c will cithcr
hc a pancl discussion or the work-
brcak into groups.
depending on the audience's
preference. Any studcnt who feels

he has a lot of

shop will

information to
impart and wants to speak should
coiitacl Middlc Earth or corm-
early Saturday moring. (fofl'cc and
douiits will bc scrvcd for brcukt

iiitcrcsl Ill wbul is going on on
campus and in lhc slrilc lll man
of drugs If it is succcssinl and
hclps to rcducc sliiticiit .ip.it|i\
mori- workshops Will in- liclil on
various other topics

The purposc of thc t\'lil'l~.~.lltlil t.
to sharc information It is in
promotc drug t'tllll‘illllill, not pri-
vcntioii. Mitldlc ilartli‘s pmilion l\
to make information available,
not to tell pcoplc what to ill;
'l‘iicir aim in this workshop is in

schools. Fossieck claims that he never received a response to his letter.
The Cahncellor has made no public statement on Campus Schools.

Fossieck has not yet seen a copy of the ad hoc committee‘s report,
and, evidently, neither have any of the other campus school
principals. The SUNY presidents, howeverI have received copies of the
report.

According to SUNYA Vice president for Academic Affairs, Dr.
Phillip Sirotkin. a preliminary copy of the report was received here
“about two months ago." Sirotkiii stated that he did not favor
phasing out the campus schools terming them “invaluable for a
dynamic educational system." He stated that it was felt that the role
of the campus school should not be so much for student teachers as
for experimentation and observation. He also stressed that, the schools
should not be a substitute for public education.

Sirotkiii was also a member of an Albany committee that studied
Milne and i'ceommciided that the scvr-nth grade be eliminated next fall
and the cighth be phased out in September ‘973. He attributed this
recommendation to an attempt to “rt-direct the Milne program...“ He
claimed lliat cxpcrimcntiition was easier at the High School Ich1 and
the cut in grades would hclp to aid the basic mission that thc
iinivcrsily has for the school. He also cited the problem of fiscal
constraints 2 l cause for the cutl‘ ks. Fossieck stated that hc was
l‘pcrsonally against the phasc outs.. of the two grades.

SUNYA l’rcsidcnl Louis '1‘. Bcnczcl stated that he ri-ccivcd lhc

     

 

Day Care Center Opens in Pierce
Despite Critical Lack of Funding

By Ann E. Bunkc;

Due largely to the cffurts of
determined parents, a day-earc
center has again bccn opened
downtown, in l’icrcc Hall. The
center is thc product of a long and
difficult struggle to sccurc such a
facility for thc univcrsily com
munity.

Organized by University l’arcnts
for Day (Iarc, thc ccntcr provtdcs
school childrcn iindcr

 

care for pre-
thc supcrvision of qualifictl stall

each child is scheduled in order to
conform to the needs of his par»
cats.

A great problem lies, however,
in the crying luck of funds. Stu-
dcnt Association has managed to
contribulc about $3,000, mostly
in tlic form of “scholarships” for
prcnts who couldn't othchisc af-
ford it. ’l‘hc university hclps out
by providing thc facilities at a
token rciital l'cc, but much, much
more is iiccdcil.

Wliilc llicrc is a supply of toys, a
gi‘cnl tlcul lnlll‘l‘ is nccdcd Iii milkc

When good weather comes, the
children must be kept indoors, as
there is no safe place for them to
play and no playground equip-
ment, anyway.

Thanks to the efforts of such
dedicated parents as Barb Eton.
Marilyn Burch and Jack Green,
the center was planned. license(
and opened, The paid staff mem
bcrs, Shari Siegel and Pam Wheel
ock, arc working for little renum
cration in comparison to what
they could get with their educa-

tion. Both linvc expericncc in

cutting thc cost Will be for thi- gill] unﬁnmhvd mm”. Muhuwk ncs‘s , which slioWs lhc Whilc last. and the workshop will liri-ak [pm-h wiml Hwy pun“. Jim“. finishcd report on li‘chriniry ii, but at that time it was labi-lcd mumhvm vulunlwrs‘ and pin-“mg

sun“. 50 mm” am] It“. inhm- I“ Tim,”— w,” i”. “M.” rm. “mm”, iniddlc class View on heroin, and fur lunch “0min "I", I“ um” ll“. “HAHN”, """llfh‘mr'i'k H" ‘l'd 53W “W1 ll“ “4”. 5““1' dri'nu‘ "r Lh“ “'9‘”! "NH" lhlinlgprp“ At pri-soill thcrc urc llic ccnti-r what it could lic 'Is~ llicir ficlds and are lully qualified

piil tlicm in is iiiiccrtaiii isiriilivc purposes ()fficcs lo “1" "Wilrd \VHHHIIL! I‘Skl'zag". a 'l'lic idea for a workshop licgnii that othcrs h'ivc to gm- l‘lim. in‘dl ho h‘ldl hm": ""5'”““.”" ml." “whom. "1 “w “d hm'cnninnum's” o6 “mph-r." “mum.” and it". I‘m” “(u-“.Hy Ill iii-inand arc cducalion- to opcralc such a liiciliiy. Volun-
. | . . Y A i r - i -. - 4 - a .' i - ‘ . - i

ii (iii w \\ nil in (lit lion in in Wlil(l1 lln it poit was hiading in ion “1 my, t,” I)“. rlupin...‘ "til in [ours trom SUNYA hclp out, as do

So as not to ht' oulilonc, lhc

calcd in liruliaclicr liall tlown‘

I'ilni depicting the ghetto \‘II‘W-

last semester during incctiiigs with

forc, cvcryonc, thtlicr III I“.

 

ri-ccivnig lhc final draft.
l’clt that thc report was good liccausc ll challciigcil lhc

itics coiilil accommodati- litany

Inorc. ’l‘lic rooms :illotcd thc day

nicntiun art supplies such as fiiigcr

parcnls of thc enrolch children.

Dorm Authority has coinc up townnndiifficcson Stair-Quad, point There Will also he glli‘sl people from rcsnlcncc, lhc iiifii‘ 'idtitt't into it" t r it “till liciictcl ’ '
Willi an cvcn niol‘t' unmng Illt‘il :is wcll as l)lill'l'\_ wnll move into gpr-“kr-r, l-ppnmmunﬂ mrmus [nary (“unsplmu “mlle A”, W. K ' l mm H m. I campus schools to lic inorc ninovntivc, Hpciiltint! “ll 111" Phils"“”” "r mm. (-r-mpr "n- spacious and plcas paints. papci', crayons. and gluc All possible hpr~ is iiccdcd to
Ihi- towr-r It would sccm llicn. groups, 'l'hcsc bcoplc include- and Middle E'rtlilt l -- “ll 5‘ n“ kHUWIN’w. “hm” “W WW ‘ m" [‘V” ﬁrm!" I"""'" “I Mm“. h“ “""L usmm'lhml‘v hm] m wwwn ant and lhc slilfl' In (“"ht'i‘w‘b 5"”"I" H”””” In“. Him.” “I,” “15””.[hilhm'm'ssmihpdﬂyimliw
. a . o (iscuss the urgcd lonllcnd, economics hall to be niadc sonicwln-rn. lit-unmet claimed that ho lind Mll‘llhlll “mi IIHHHNMW' Tm". I“ “huh” “(mm In, WM”). “WI-“I. m “mums H "Hymn, ls mlmumwd m

a“
Tower East Cinema

[il‘i'\i'lll\.'

lilill llit‘ Iliii‘rn rooms on Sttitc
lbnl lind lii Iic coriVi-rtcd ll)
ol'l'n‘cs Will now probably in-

Lcon Van l)ykc and Gordon Van
Ncss from lhc (‘ominuiiiiy ltcl'cral
('cnlcr in Albany to discuss the

heroin prohlcni on campus in
terms of prevention, couiiscling,

and trcatincnt. Sincc tlicrc is no

not t’l'i't'lt‘l'fl .iiiy t‘tllilllil‘lll\ from lioycr about llic i'cpiirl. litil lliiil llic
t'i'illi'nl oll'icc liail conclinlcd that thc ('liaiiccllor fcll thal it was
“\vorlliy ol general nuic .iinl acccplaiicc." 'l'lic l'i‘csiili-iil did note that

structured and iit'll\'|l|l'.\ arc car
i'icil out In a ciliiti'ollcil group

aliinispln-rc \\'llll'l| pi'oriili's i-\ccl

Would a “lionii-iiinlti-r sci" With a
pl.i\ ultnt‘, slllli and rcfrigi-ralor

llul l'\|'|l inni'c llt'l'l‘\\.|l'_\' lN .i l't'lll

cnrolling a child. In volunteering
tlicir si-rviccs or in making any
l\l|lli of a donation. lhcy am- asked

rccinivci'lt'd o o' - ~ I ‘ ~
  AIM) its it rt-giill iil'lilic Iii:t’-"ii\f Albany horn!” pmmumi I)" “mud rm” (1mg “duvmi‘m ”" (‘ilmplmv if I...“ I-“lmli “I” will} .I'Il‘i"Ilulli‘lilil::ill|':i-S:I)‘Zi’li:::'0i”“v in”. “HIV” “mm "HI l'lll lllll'l'])(‘|\ii|l.ll i-xpci'iciicl' ltll' \lliU' unit an oil-Ii that works and In slop lll Ill llll' t'ciilci' iir givc
durms fur m,” ,.,.,‘Hh,”lul pm. Scrronc, a plinriiiacologisl front was felt that pcoplc really do not Attention! ‘HllullllIdii‘llplt‘lllr):10:2;:riiiii'llilllil'illlll'tl‘lilltlll‘llitll would huvc in effect l‘h‘. “mph”, that has min'c than two l)|ll'lit‘l'.\ thcm a call at lJili-tlI’H l. l'Ivcryon;
featuring post-g;- 111031,,” WI” m.” WWI", li'lt‘. dyparlmcnt ol Nursing. to know What is going on. A way to There will be a meeting to save (liillt' .i\\'.i\ \\'|ili tlic (‘ainpiis Schools l'hc bill I\\'lltll(i haVc l"1:t|tll|'t:tll 4H“. lmmm.) lunww. “I It". .~.-.i lln» rcliigci'atoi' llll'). hair: is ill islliscllioii'ii‘ Iltl:)\rll.::l (I’M (( illll an
H,“ $05UHHHH “mull 1mm mu.“ distuss [ht't'llllll'illilspl'blsiillfi Ilii- obtain rclcvant and nicaniiigl‘nl SUNY and CUNV from mum” local school districts in pay to iln~ staic tit-asiin thc liliit'lillli IN h I” “mwh' whl‘hlmlnx mm, lulvqulw, [H “Hm I“, lumh mp- ,. ,m “IL” ( g V
THE                was,”  7PM            
. r t. it nits in my are and Juan liornandw. lmm lhc phlcts not always being reliable, Ahw-rhmu ll“. Mllm Ham“; m“, It... MIN”), “hm” (MUM “MUM  It:iLI‘lit'lxlltLICNtilgv[ISLIIIIIL  pl]: rm”! lhmr m“! mnhmlu “mph

LONE RANGER
The Lost City
Of Gold

 i :3 LE THE “STEAKS” NlTE
 ;: DON MCLEAN & °°”B 

tweety & sylvester
bugs bunny
and back ll_\' [iii/lull" tll‘lllrlllt/

betty boop
nor coo/i ll)(i()l‘

show Lasts—two hours
SUNDA Y,
FEBR UAR Y 20
LC-7

 

7:30& 9:30
FREE

 

 

rcally not supposcd to siilisidilc
Ill llic first placc to thc tune of
$7M)

 

OOOOQQOQOW.”OQOOQOOQOOQQ .
0..”QWW
A : : c: A A 99.00.99.000

o university concert board pr

Lincoln Park (‘ominuinly Drug

Abuse (‘cntcr to discuss how their

vvvvvvvvv

 

 

 

was iiccdcil. ’l‘licri-l'orc, thc work-
shop was sct up to spark pcoplc‘s

in the Gym
$4.00 without

Lounge.

esents:

if BONNIE RAITT

,i Saturday , February 19

r at 9:00
3 $2.00 with tax card

 

-J

M

“.

 
    

m

liarc incanl :in Ini'i'i-nscd cost for .\lli:i|iy of sonic $Ilei,tlt)() 'l‘lic lnll
was tll'\'l'l' ciiactcd into law

Meanwhile, ilic l‘:xt‘t'llll\'t' builch for ill?! rccoinnicnds lhc continir
.ilioii of llic campus schools at Ilic currcnl Icvcl of funding.

 

MONDAY IS

Wrap“:

A k l/lt'Ahl

H h E]
It‘li'il lit illllll Lil

EVERY MONDAY 5 to 9 PM. (EXCEPT HOLIDAY)

ORDER 2 STEAK DINNERS AND SAVE
ZBakodl‘otulousor “39- $ 

2 Orders of Friinch Fries  PLUS
2 Orders Siulor Toast TAX
2 Salads Inc. tax

2 Beverages

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 Top Sirloin Sliiuks

 Bring a Buddy, Bring your Girl, Bring a good appetite

57 FUIFLER ROAD 438-7646

tlciwo-n ontral A". and anhin'ion Ava. Inland-n)

   

 

 

 

 

opt-n Monday through Friday,

7:30 am, until 5:1”) p.ni., and

in oi'ilci' Iii snyc \\’lli|l Itlllli llll'l'l' Is

for lunchltinc.

 

A day care center has once again been opened in Pierce Hall at the downtown campus. The center
received a $3,000 appropriation from Student Association, yet, because of insufficient funding, has been
unable to purchase «mum of such essential iupplies es finger paints, crayons, and glue.

4
 slate ( uad card i     . _ , . _ .
35:) Without l A33:::::A:::AAAA A proof of age requlred SUM-MON.11.00-9.00...FH|.& SAT. 11.00 9.30
"t:°g"':'v"° 1. .. .. r...  .i.  - -v - r ‘ '    " ‘ H w '

   

 

 

