 

 

          
       
     
       
      
  
    
  
   

 
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

   
 

  

 

 

 

view/ 3113/ pre view/ arts/ pre view/ arts

Folknéws

The Eight Step Coffeehouse
will be closed theis weekend for
the Malvina Reynolds concerts
at the Bethlehem Coffeehouse in
Delmar. Next Tuesday, the let,
the Eight-Step will present Paul
Miller in a program of music
from the Renaissance to the
present, accompanied on guitar,
lute, piano, and mountain dul-
cimer. Wednesday, the 22nd,
Kurt Trautmann will do a set of
contemporary folk and good old
sing along traditional folk songs.
The Eight-Step will be closed for
Thanksgiving, but will re-open
that Friday. the 24th, with a
country dance featuring the New
Fennig’s Allstar String Band pro-
viding music and Jerry Jenkins
calling the dances. tAlso, onthatr
date the Eight-Step is shifting its
physical location from 14 Willett
St. to 85 Chestnut Street, West-
minster Presbyterian Church.

At the Bethlehem Coffeehouse
at 125 Adams St. in Delmar,
Malvina Reynolds, the seventy-
year old songstress, author of
many of the best folk songs of
the mid-sixties (notably “House
made of Ticky-tacky), is the
featured performer in a work-
shop that includes Michael
Cooney, Evelyn Beers, and the
Pickin' an' Singin’ an' Gatherin'
people. Malvina herself will per-
form Saturday at 8 PM; on
Friday the others will lead a
song workshop.

'5’

I '-
and" 't,‘
l- aug‘

 
  

  
 

 

 

      
 

 

     

 

HAPPIMSS I: fR/PPlNG
THROUGH THE SNOW.

 

Free Music w/Alvin Lucier

Joel Chadabe's “Free Music
Store" at the State University of
New York at Albany has an-
nounced its three next concerts.

Alvin Lucicr’s music is the
concert for Friday, November
17, 8:30 p.ni., Main Theatre.

Lukas Foss will direct Music
Department students and faculty
in a spontaneous event called
PREMIERE on Saturday, De-
cember 2, Main Theatre. 8:80

p.m.

The, SEM Group with Pctr
Kotik, Jan Williams, and Julius
Eastman, play the music of John
Cage on Friday, December 8,
Laboratory Theatre, 8:30 p.m.

The three concerts are free to
the public.

teas.
“Flying Down to Rio," the
ﬁrst of the Fred Astaire-Ginger
Rogers musicals will be shown at
Harmanus Bleecker Library of
Tuesday, November 21, at ti

 

p.m. Others in the cast include
Dolores Dcl ltio and Gene Ray—
mond,

The film, which tells of a
troupe of entertainers stranded
in ’I‘io, is notable fora brilliantly
photographed finale with chorus
girls on the wings of ﬂying air-
planes. Sonv-r from the picture
include I"l'hc CurioCa,” "Orchids
in the Moonlight," and the title
song.

~t“.

Baxter's Cafe, 810 Madison
Avenue (between Ontario and
Quail) will present two of Al-
bany's finest performers this
coming week. On Sunday,
November It), beginning at 9
p.m., Rich Larris will present an
evening of contemporary folk
songs. In past evenings at Bax-
ter’s, liich proved popular with
audiences who enjoyed his
unique guitar playing and singing
as well as his (sometimes) we-

by Bill Briiia

through Jan.

program With

ccsaful attempts to lead four-
part sing-alongs.

Monday, also beginning at 9
p.m., John Simson returns to
Baxter's Cafe with his bag full of
songs and a style which has
made him one of the most popu-
lar Albany folksingcrs. 'l‘lic inti-
mate atmosphere of Baxter's is a
change from the concerts, bars,
and large coffee houses where
John usually performs and in the
past this seemed to bring out
new facets of his talent. Dev
veloping an immediate close con
tact with Baxter's audiences,
John Icts loose with his own
compositions and wild improvi-
sations which add new diiiu-ir
sioiis to popular songs.

0n ’l‘ucsdiiy evening, Iiiixti-r's
present Laurel and Iiardy in one
of their most surrealistic films,
Song of the Dcsr'rl. Baxter's
Cafe is always free.

Dave Penge/ly

In an intern-sling shift in policy. the Ilyrill House
(you know, that pilit‘l‘ across the road on Washing»
ton AVc.) is bringing in II performer who may hich
widr- iippcril to SUNYA folk ill-voti-cs. Ills name is
David I'i-ugr-Ily, and he'll be appearing in lllt‘ louiigc
l)ilVlll In an i-Xcilirig young pier
former who's r-niiiilly riili-pt in half ii (ltt‘Ll'll stylus,
Hliunriing labels that would slii'h- him, he llllXPh lllh
the plush aiirl llll' pulsating, IIII'
apiritcd and thc smooth. As lisli-iiiers Will iriinn-di
atcly upprr-ciiitu, then- is nothing mirsclr- bound
about David’s style; it is a Vibrant, rich fusion of his
warm Iiuritoiic voice and the wull~dcfiiiierl lllltgilllt't‘
of the wood and strings of his classical guitar. Wlicii
down, his music reaches to the pit of l.llt' stomach,
when it's up, it seeps right through the woodwork.
He is equally memorable in the vary personal
atmosphere of small supper clubs or in the blinding
spotlights of cuvurnous collogu riuditoriurns. Iliir
unpretentious manner puts him at ease with audi-
ences everywhere.

David hr back on the road again after a stint with
the US Army. Currently he's doing college tours and
club dates, and will soon release his first album.

 

News from Ch. 17

Three-time Emmy award-winning film maker Fred Wiseman’s latest
documentary, Essene, will be re-telecast Saturday, November 18 at
2:00 pm. on WMHI' Channel 17.

Essene deals with Christianity in the context of contemporary
society. It was filmed entirely at an Anglican monastery in America’s
middle west and like all of Wiscman’s films, it employs cinema verite
techniques.

Last year, Channel I7 viewers say Wiseman’s documentary on the
American military, “Basic Training.”

*****

Uslic Niclscri, Forrest Tucker and Cicely Tyson star in an original
teicplay, Two Gods rm Prime Time, to be telecast on “Norman
Corwin Presents" Friday, November 17 at 8:30 pm. on Channel I7.
Lcslic Niclsori portrays a lalk show host who interviews two genuine
dcilics: Mars, the (iod of War (Forrest Tucker), and Venus, the
Goddess of Love (portrayed by Cicely Tyson).

To his rolc of the talk show host, Leslie Nielsen brings the samc
style and authority that made his portrayal of John Bracken, the
head of Century Pictures in the NBC-TV scrics, Brackcn's World,
such a success. Mr. Niclson has also starred in many of tlic NB(‘
World Premiere Motion Pictures and has made guest appearances on
all llic major dramatic series. “is films include, “Forbidden Planet,"
“The Opposite Sex," and “Tammy and the Bachelor."

Forrest Tucker has appeared in more than 100 films, among them
“Auritic Manic" and “The Nighi Tlicy Raidcd Miiisky's.” On slagc,
as the Icad in tlic prize-winning musical comedy “The Music Man
hc lourcd America for four years. Ilis lclcvisioii scrics, “F Troop,“ is
now in worldwidc synication, and his dancing, acting and comic
talcnls are much sought after by the incdiuni’s dramatic and variety
programs.

(‘iccly Tyson’s career has included major rolcs on television (“Eusl
Side/West Side," “Siziltcry's People"), in films (“The Coincdians,"
“The Last Angry Man"), off-Broadway ("’I‘runipcls of ilic lirrd
“The Blacks") and on Broadway (“'l‘igcr, Tigcr Burning Bright").

Sicvc Biiidcr dircctcd ilic hall-hour program. Ilis credits include
"The SIBVC Allen Show," “Hullaballoo” and ilic nclwork specials
starringI Liza Minnelli, Elvis Presley, IJJCIIIC Ball, Jack Pam and Harry
Bclal'onlc.

“Norman (‘oiwin l’rcscriis" conics lo WMII'l' ('lianncl l7 ihiinks lo
Inciiibcrsliip coiiliihiiiion I‘ioiu iiicii 'I‘V VICWL'lS.

***#*

The Mod] I'irmr Murdcr, an original dinnialic lclcpliiy briscd on Ilic
:IClllilI lcstiinony of a coril'csscd Iiiiiish innidcrci, Will lic lclcczisl on
“Norman ('oiwiii I’rcscnls" Friday, Novciiibci 24 in 8:30 pm. on
('haiiricl i7.

’I‘lic drama tiikcs pliicc in the line 1800's. A young, lurid-drinking
sconndrcl, llcrhcrl Dougril. leigris affection for ii wczillhy. olch
worlirii as hc schcmcs lo obliiiu lici l'oilunc. llc pcrsnadcs ('ccilc
Holland to piirclizisc ii small lilliill farm on llic Ioiicly ILiighsh
conruiysidc, and the couple riiovc Ill logcllicr

Dougril soon Icarus lliiil ('ccllc Is it shich llllhllIL‘SSWUlllilll who
maintains closc watch over Iici pcisoiiiil wczillh as wcll as ihc
busiricss ol'ilic lililli. In order In lr'iIIl/L‘ his :iinliilion, Dougal tlcculcs
(‘ccilc Will have to hc rnurdcrcri.

“Of all pcisuaisunis rigiiluhl corniniliirig pliiriricd niurdci,"
Norman('oiw1ii,”noiic can lic moic |i.iiiowmg than lllt' working ol

IIlIIL‘b

coiiscu-nic."

I/ic rlloiil l'irrm ll/urrlr'r In :i \lllily ril l)oug.rl's i orm icnuz ('oiwin
wrrric llic li'li'p|.iy lioiii Ihi' .ii’liiiil lcxl |li Iloiipnl'x ioiilcssioii lo lhc
Illlll‘ili [)rilll \' \l'Vl'Illy YL‘ilh .igo.

lliilixli .ulor Linn-x liooili I\ “or .ix llcilicil lhrrignl lloollr Il.l'\
.lllllt'dll‘il ori lhc liiilixii \liltM' .lllil .i Iilll' lclrr‘iu‘d \l'lll'N, “Inn I'oi
lllt' Road, Ills rnolion piilirir iicrlilx Irrtliulr \liillllig iolca III

lulu, Sparrows ilrn'l Sing,“ “Sc. ii'l ol My humus" .irul "Iillss
ol Mrs. lilossoiri."

Juycc (ioidcii, a (‘iirriulLin .itlicss, Illilllilyh iL‘r’lli' Holland. Miss
(ioidoii has liccii activc iri ('ririzirlraii llicrrlic and on (‘anadiaii Mill”
and IV, wlicic she had Icadiug illlil supporting iolcs in .r iiunihci ol
IIlLlJi)! dramatic sciics.

Iclzi hwill dirccls 'I'Irc MU!” Farm Mun/cl. Miss Swrl'i llilh worked
on Wcsiiughousc humnici 'I'hcatic, Sludio ()iic iirid Ilic l’urcx
spcciiils tor worncii. liiorn I‘Hitr through I97] , shc diicclcd “Dark
Shadows" loi ABC-TV.

 

  
  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, I972

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Sue choff

Aftcr the conccrt. all Bunch
Boy Mikc Lovr‘ wanted to laik
about was transcendental mr-di-
Lotion, how easy it was and how
multifarious Wcrc its Irvin-fits
Ila was waiting in tho lobby of
the Sheraton Motor Inn lo llll‘l'i
wiiir- l‘lll‘ll who wril IiI- lr-r'turing
on lraiisci'ndr-nlnl lnl'llllilllllll in
Illi' r-npilzil area this wr-r-lr lll'
nigcil run to go to llll‘ SUNYA
"l' {\i ” Iccturr' which look ])I;I('t'
\\r-rhu>sday evening, and I ‘uld
min if I didn't go to ilial onc. 1d
go somclimc.

Roi-Ir lll' dismissr-(l Willi iiitlif
l'r-i'r-Iil gi'sluri‘s. n shrug, a gr-nllr'
waii- of llll' Iiaiid. llc says lliai
.il‘lcr lcn ycars of roadwork,
tilllhK‘ is no longer a primar)
conr‘r-rii. it 's more of it “hobby "
llc iissi'i‘lrul that “unyonc can
rock," so if one l.'\’l'l' t‘llVll‘tl il
bass player or rlrcanii-d of living
il drummcr. or llioughl iliai it
was lulcrit the Beach Boys worn
displaying iil lllt' l’iilacr- 'l‘ucsrhi)
night, 0111' now has Mikr~ how's
assurance thal getting that sound
is easy as I-Z-Iiv-i (it‘s not).

Selling Mike was ii .sporilniir-oim
act Undcr thc terms of lhc
iicai'h Boys' contract it was nor
i-xacily legal to intcrvir-w him
But, when in llic middlr- ol' lliv
concert, Mlltt‘ told l-vcryoiir- in
llH‘ audit-rice not to conic to [in
Hhi'raloii alli-r illt' cont-r-rl Iliis
erlt‘l' had miitlc up lll'l’ iiiiiid |ri
go A couple of Ullll‘l' Albany
sludt-iits had lhr- Mlllil‘ idca, Inn
in: raw siudciit poiiili-rl out iWo
ycars ago. licl'orc apathy and

i
'l
'r
e
Z
a

 

ar .- [I [I IIKI Ln-uﬂltmlllnilllllhlll

$.25 w/studam tax
$.75 w/out

a

 

 

 

" Mi turn. a Music -

ulﬁiﬂoﬁlﬁﬂﬁﬁiﬁulﬁmﬁnlclDiriDItinIr u ll! Jr IIDHIIJ

thc iiitcriizitioiiiil

film group

HY

For the answer to these and many other questions see:

Alec Guiness-Joan Greenwood-Cecil Parker in Alexander Mackendrick’s

"THE MAN IN THE WHITE SUIT"

plus: Laurel & Hardy in their classic The MUSIC BOX

liaiuuwuunuommuuoiorxomwunurru

    

Slicraion
would IlilVl’ lil’t'll irioliln-d

ini'rlin M‘l in, llw

’l'lil- coni'cil lintl llt'l‘ll .i siu‘
cuss 'l'lir' .tllllll‘tlt'l' of {Hill lll‘it\’l'(l
lllt' IiIi//.iirl .iiirl \llt'l\t‘ll Illt'll'
liooln .inri h.nl .i good liinc 'I'lii‘
iii'w \lllll \\'.'|.\ lilllll'.lll\ lllill'l'l'lll
from llll' olrhcs llll' ll|‘\‘i slull'
\Ullllfls llhl' I’i'oiol ll.ii'iiiii kind
of I“ Illliti lid livriv)
i'l 4'.ilr-goi'i/r~rl ill I lllilli l lliit‘ it
as much as "I ilr‘l Around and
"Barbara [\Illl .\I;i_\|u- lluil's
|l|>l liviniusv illll' .l,~\(|l'l:llt'.\ lllt‘
“l'ill'll llois Willi .i ill~lliii|c \l)lt'
illltl lo Iii-rii' .iu) lll'VlllllUll lrom

unr- l|.\ll'll

lllill \l_\|<- IN lll\Ul'lt‘IllI||L’

l il\l\|'ll .\Iilw :ilioiil llir- lwo
\le-s Iuil music talk M't‘lllh as
i;»icrr-xlrng to him 1i.» wr-alhcr
talk r\\r‘ i.illtcd :i llllll‘ wr-atnr-r
l.i|lr III' Iilws Hoiillu-rii (‘iili
Iririiizi'x t‘lllllilll' Irvin-r )llr- iiii'ii
llonrrl lllill llll' lir'ar'li lion
ll'lll'Iil‘lI on ll\t'| to Holland lilhl
suiiinir-r Io rr-corri .in album
Wllll'll \AIII lrt' t’l'll'ilM'tl in January
lllll lII' had 'I' M on lhr- lii.i|ii llr'
\il).\ il‘s r'Ii-arcrl him away from
ilopi- i|llll iliuilriiig llll‘ did not
add iconian which had lll'l'll
musing \l‘l'llll|\ lil'ltl)lt‘ll).\ “v ("or
Iilllll) Mllllitll‘ll lllllt'l'l) pr-ocr-lnl
‘l'hr l\\‘|l lll1"l\ lillllllllts who
wr-rv \\'lll| liiiii Uill' oi \ilioni I“ a
IHJIIIH and organ pl:i_\iiig Iii-:u'li
lirr\. unghi pomlrir- Ii.i\r- I'Ull
Illllllll'll to lI|\ .iiir.i ril r-oulr-iil

I‘iI-sciilh, llll'l‘l‘ llilllﬁl‘llllll'lllill
IiiI'ilIlziliori llisll'llt‘lUI‘N \ll'tttll‘
iliiiiugli llll‘ door .\I|l\t' giI-rlr-d
Iln-ni warnil), Iiarlr- us good l)_\
and lillll\ llll'lli up iii (luv i-li-va-

[rir

uaiuﬁew

by Bob Altman

From “Sloop John B" to “Bar-
bara Ann," the Beach Boys and
friends had the'folks at the
Palar‘c thcatcr stompin’ and
shoutin' for more after two real
ly exciting one hour sets. A good
sized crowd showed up on
snowy 'I‘ucsday to hear their old
favorilcs liiccd with some new
songs played b) one of the most
rcspcctcd groups in rock music.

A (.‘Ii(‘ll(‘ used in (ii-scribe most
supergroups who havv llt'('n
around a long iimc is, “they
have surr- comc a long way."
Unlike other supcrgroups who
have tried to change their image
and sound to make themselves a
place in the money market the
Beach Boys have retained their
Southern California sound and

seem to still be happy with what
they are doing. The group has
grown tp around ten members
and with that, their sound has
become really full. I found it
most interesting that the ego
hassles present with most groups
were not apparent in their per-
formance. The spotlight was
willingly given to each member
of the group and at times to the
audience,

Many of their new songs were
not received with freak cnthu~
siasm. i suppose this points out
that the Beach Boys are now
"camp" and that most people
came to hear surfing and hotrod
music. One new song, yet to be
released, which stood out was
“Leaving this 'l‘own" featuring a
fantastic vocal and guitar by a
new member of the band named

 

 

rilr irilnrrIrir‘JIerltirJ] )LiILJL'urjijli'irmywurmmua III a m n m u m n m u m u m u u. a nr .

 

(Ti.

U'UUUUUU

Juyu u

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WUUUUUUUUUQ L1
__4

 

 

 

firnrlcd by siudcut tax

are the owners of the textile mills after Alec Guiness?
are the labor unions up in arms over Guiness' new fabric?
does the tailor have to use a blow torch?

does Alec Guiness Glow in the dark?

Friday, November 17
7:15 &9:45- LC 18

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1972

 r. » Lna'ﬁ’siri‘hlL. as; ,r . 

UUILJDID UL‘iiJltilJlJDKlt‘JDiJl] Ell “NW

i iii ii Ill ii in ii iii a II ii II II in II in ii I! ii III ii in

 state university of new

york at albany

Dec. 1: BOGART NIGHT
Evening The Big Sleep
Midnight The Afripan Queen

 

an in nilltuﬂlillIl-IIllllll‘liIllHlllllllIlll

J

[Ism imin ran

 

 

 

ALB/\N Y S'I‘UDEN'I' PRESS

M ii ilr'irilnﬁl’lrﬁ‘ii’irmririr‘mi n ma ii at a ma III a in II in a in a ll .

i in II iii ii is ii IL:

in' and Shootin7.’

ueiuﬁeui

Richie. A chart rendition of
Heart rind Soul on the piano by
Dennis Wilson led into another
new number, “Our Promised
Road."

The audience was on their feet
for most of the second set as the
Beach Boys and band ran
through mindblowing renditions
of “Surfin' USA," ‘ Daddy took
her T-Bird Away," and “Help
Me Rhonda." This all turned out
to be mere foreplay as the Palace
reached a climax with Mike Love
doing “Jumpiii Jack Flash." It
takes quite a band to pull off
that song and the Beach Boys
did it up right.

“California Girls" and “Bar‘
bara Ann" were saved for a
rousing encore. The song “Good
Vibrations" characterizes the
feeling transmitted to the arid
icncc throughout the show. The
Bcach Boys do not antagonize
their audience like, say, John
Sebastian and friends I did feel
that they were being honest and
nice to cach other as well as to
the audicnt‘c, 'l‘lic good vilirii~
tions were indeed felt all around

The politics of the Beach Boys
lyrics do, I must admit leave
something In he desired. Though
the group docs include both it
Black and a woman, most of thr-
songs performed seemed to Ir-
dircctcd toward a white malt-
audit-rice This is nothing unu-
sual for American rock music.
Most of tlic blatcnl sexism is
found in ihcir r-arlici' numbers
like “California Girls" but I
can'i lulp think lhi't those songs
could still be appriciaied for
their historical record of the
social values of tln- lill's.

Marijuana has played an impor
tant part in rock music since at
least 1967 if riol carlicr. Rock
shows, I IM'IICVL', are for tlic most
part ('llH‘Clt'tl at stoned minds.
The colorcd lights at the Beach
Boys show were definitely not
directed at the gin swigging
l'rcshmcn sitting behind mc. ’I‘n
lllt' stoned mind they looked
fantastic (I would guess). This
was llic first concert I'vc cvcr
bur-n at whcrc people were afraid
lo tokc up. 'l‘lir- Albany PD can
take credit for that, The) have
been known to bust pcuplv right
iii the theater. With the heroin
problem what it is in Albany, it
is bcyond my L‘oriiprchcnsion
how Ilit- Al’D can spare umpiccn
men to mukr- sure no rccl‘crs get
passed around at the Palace,
’l‘hiiik awhile Iiow hard ll is to
gut good wot-d in this city and
how easy it is to get heroin.
'i‘liiiik also about where the APD
ltrlul‘llli‘s he and the corruption
in illlh city which rio-oiic can
qiiiic provc So much for that.

The Beach Boys arc a very
light group who hich been
around a long time They know
how to put on it good r'onct'rt
and 'l‘uesday ill tlic Palace was
no i‘xt‘cpllon ’l‘hc [)flCl‘ was high
hiil iIIL' product was good Now
you know how many good Vibra-
tions you can buy for $6.50

    

misﬁts?”

WIHIRN AVENUE

   
   

PAGE 7A

    
    
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
    
   
   
 
   
  
 
   
       
 

 
    
    
  

