 

 

 

   

Dollack

Mock Senate Session

By Duval Snowden

The three day long, twenty.-
second annual intercollegiate
Mock Session of the New York
State Senate ended last Sunday
afternoon at noon. Fifteen college
and uriiversily representatives at-
tended the session and debated
the merits of bills introduced by
the various individual schools. The
ﬁfteen colleges were divided into
two divisions representing the ma-
jority and minority parties.

The schools listed under the
“Majority Party“ included Albany
Pharmacy, College of Mount Saint
Vincent. Dutchess Community
College, lona. Airburrr Corn-
munity College. Manhattan. Vas-
sar. and New Paltz Colleges.

Carrying the "Mirrorin Party"
banner Were SUNY Albany. Sarrit
Rose. Marisl. Russel Sage. Sarrit
Joseph's. l‘armirrgdale. and (‘o-
lunihra (ireen ('onrrminity Col-
lege.

Albany State was represented by
three delegates: Bruce l)eMay.
Dtival Suowdeuaiiddclegale leader
Steve Brown.

Senate Submissions

The purpose of the Mock Scri-
ate. held for the first tririe in the
Senate chamber. was twofold

First. to give added experience in
bill making to political science
majors (as well as other concerned
studentsi. Second. the session was
a way to increase college partici-
pation in the political process
itself.

The session rules for the Mock
Senate are siririlar to those of the
State Senate. The Steering (‘oin-
ririttee is responsible for preparing
changes in those rules. as well as
administering them throughout
the session.

But it is the actual bills that are
submitted by 'ach college tlial are
the most important part of the
mock session. Without them, the
Mock Senate would be unable to
function. beside being innovative.
each bill had to be drafted in
proper foriu and had to indicate
the specific change iii the existing
law. Resolutions and formal stale-
ruetits were also irilrodriced by the
delegates.

SUNYA Speaks

A controversial bill calling for
expanded coverage lor savings
bank depositrs was introduced by
State University of New York at
Albany delegate Ilruee DeMay.
Alter .rboirt twenty minutes ot
debate. it “as passed by .i .H-lll‘.‘

vote.

The Aubirrn Community College
bill also created some controversy.
It called for total centralization of
county governments and resulted
iii a two hour long heated debate
that called its constitutionalin
into question. it was enacted on
Saturday and their tabled after it
was discovered that the bill lacked
an enactment clause-which made
it all brrt worthless.

it was passed again on the last
day of the session by a slim
margin.

It was at this point that a
rriotiorr was made to adjourn and
that all unfinished business and
further debate on Auburn‘s bill be
postponed unit the next Mock
Senate Session.

Finally, a bill introduced by
Marrliatteii College dealing with
the State Corrections Commission
was chosen as the best bill of
Mock Senate. I‘J72.

Next year at this time. the twen-
ty-third Mock Senate Session will
be held arnl college students will
once again be able to receive
relevant information and added
insight to the workings of their
legislators. Will the session attract
even greater \ltttlt‘itl irrprit and
interest"

We'll see next year

 

‘

 

putting Smokey out to pi-aeel'ril pastures. fax

Let’s et rid of
Smo eyBear

lli-'il love to go back and be a normal olil hi-ar again.
.'\Illl if anyone iii-serves retirement. Smokey dot-s.
 Siriei- he‘s been wagging lingers. the number of fort-st fires iii
K Ham} America has llt‘t‘ll cut in half.
_4
-. V/ . . .
‘ lltit millions ol :u'i'i-s ol trees still biir'iir-rl rlou n last year.
Aral Sili'xi of the lil‘t'S were started by the same people who have been
l hearing “tirin you can prevent fort-st tir't-s" for to years.

\ We've got to get rid of all those di-ail' yalioos before we tliitik about

 

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

0t Flusstl

by John Fairhall
Rat Traps For State Mice
if you're a State Quad resident. don't be alarmed at the “m1
poison" trays placed in your suite in recent days. The poison. not
harmful to you unless taken in extraordinary amounts. is mainly
for mice. It's being used because of student complaints and
reports of pests from maintenance and custodial staff.
Presumably. the mice have been attracted by food or garbage in
the dorms. although how mice can get into dorm rooms is quite a
mystery. As long as there iirc no holes in your walls the mice have
little alternative but to climb the radiator system (listen for 'om)
or wait for the front door to open. Anyway. the trays will remain
as long as there is an "emergency," according to the office of
Harry Linindoll, campus exterminator.

Parking in-Security

Security has counterattacked in the campus parking war. As
they warned in an announcement in last Tuesday's ASP. illegal
parkers (and who doesn‘t park illegally, sometimes) will be towed
away. They weren‘t kidding. 13 cars were towed last Wednesday.
one despite the frantic pleas of the owner. The student owner
charged out of ii State Quad dorm while his car was being hooked
to a truck. The security officer present told the student he had to
pay $10.76 to get his car unhooked. The student. upset and
bewildered, and according to Security. a frequent parking
violator. had no choice. Once a tow truck is called the car's owner
has to pay. even if he's ready to drive his car away. it should be
added that the tow-away business must be quite lucrative for the
service stationts) called by Security. [3 cars for that single day
means around $1110 for towing fees.

Four-Eyed and Frost-Bitten

Attention four-eyed skiers and other nearsighted outdoorsmen!
Wearing metal-rimmed glasses on freezing days can result in frost
bite on your nose or face. One student skier reports a minor case
of frost bite on that part of his nose where his wire-rims rent.
Why? The ice-cold metal conducts precious heat away from your
skin producing frost bite marks.

Academic Freedom Threatened?

Faculty and administration may find interesting a recent New
York Times editorial. The Times criticized HEW's efforts at
directing universities. including Albany State, to end diserimina~
tion against minority groups and women. The newspaper claims
HEW would like schools to adopt quotas for hiring minority
group members and women. and the paper criticized this. saying it
“will inevitably discriminate against qualified candidates (for
jobs)" The Times feels HEW'S approach to ending discrimination
may threaten “academic freedom."

At Albany State there is an “Affirmative Action Plan". ap-
proved by HEW. to end discrimination. As part of the plan deans
and department chairmen are asked to submit their prediction (in
numbers) for future employment of minority group members and
women. 'l‘heir projections are not mandatory quotas; the univer-
sity does not have to hire any particular number of minority
group members and women. Still. over the next few years. llHW
will watit the university to employ more women and minority
group meinlx'i's than are now employed. Perhaps it is this
requirement that the Times objects to. Iiowevr-r vrrgni- it is in
terms of actual numbers.

New Schedule for Bursar

'l'he litirsar's Office (with ll'it' shortest lines and longest wait on
eiiiiipiis) has an interesting aririritriii'i-iiri-iit, llegiiiriiirg r\lari~li ‘J.
lll72. their office will be open during the following hours. for

“student lratisaetions' :
Elitlt) a.iii. v I! noon ttlltl |:tltl {Lttls‘lillll p.m.. Monday thiotliilI
Friday.

Students slioiilil bring food .rrnl glpr-piou hugs

FourvPlus‘Two Wants You (Maybe)

-i K: 2 is up for grabs again 'l'lioso stiiili-nls interwar-d |I| lt\||Ii: iii
the program on Indian in lll72-ltl7il should attend .Ili Illlt'||'\l
meeting. The meetings will be on Wednesday. Mart-b H at K till
pm. Thursday. March E) at it til) pin. and Sunday. March [1! .rt
7:00 pin. The Wednesday meeting will be lll'l(l in llll’ liiilrair quad
illlilltu list”; all others will be iii the Urieiila(iiiuiiilaga luui'i
lounge.

Attendance at tiill' of these meetings will be mandatory l‘llt
those with any problems. t'illl Pal Darialii-r at -l:’i'] filtlil

Parents Needed!

A foster care pi‘iigi‘aiii iii-eds interested parents to help lianili
cupped l'litltli‘t‘ti rind adults. lwo agi-nirn-s of the N.Y.S Di'pl “l
Mental Hygiene-dire Eleanor Roosevelt l)evelopnii-ntal Serra-es
rind (ltlpllill District Psychiatric (Terrier-airi- sponsoring llll' I”‘“‘
gram. Forster parents Will give rr hiindieiippetl person t'lll'l' .iwiiy
frorri iiri Institution and relieve the burden on the handicapped
person's iietuiil parents. Responsible couples and individuals are
needed to provide emergency. temporary iiiiil long-term plum"
merit for the emotionally disturbed. the mentally retarded and
children with developmental disorder».

Anyone interested in becoming ii foster parent can get info from
Harold lierberick. Capital District Psychiatric (Ientei. M llollitlill

 

 

 

 

McGovern Gets Chance Today

Percentage Points Counts

By WALTER R. MEARS
AP Political Writer

Sen l‘ldiriuiid S. Muskie of Maine is the Democrat
risking the biggest piilrtieiil ariti' 'l'uesdav in New
Hampshire's presidential primary. where the real
question is not who. but how much.

l’i-onlrunnrng Denroerat Muskie and President
Ninili. on the ballot in a three-way Republican
contest, are virtually certain \\’ltliit't'\‘. The impact of
those victories hinges on their margins.

Sen, George S. McGovern of South Dakota.
Muskie's closest challenger. contends he is gaining
ground, and that the election could be a cliff-
hanger.

Muskie has carefully avoided airy suggestion of a
percentage victory target in a priiuary rat-e on his
own New Engliin territory. contending that whoever
gets the most votes. writs.

A narrow victory would do him no good in his
quest for the Democratic presidential nomination.
and the iinpiiee t'riuld resound a week lilit'l' in
Florida where Muskie is in a close contest to finish
ahead of Sen. Hilbert ll. llumpbrey of Minnesota in
ii crowded primary contest.

EBBlE THE EEP
/

    
 

appeared in his behalf. A plant-fol of (EDP leaders
stumped the state for him Friday.

MeCloskey. who has spent til) days and nearly
$lvl0.t)()() campaigning iii New Hampshire said he
would quite his presidential challengi- if he didn‘t
gel 20 per cent of the Republican vote.

Conservative Asltbroiik said he hoped to overtake
McCloski-y and finisli second. but he doesn‘t appear

To Stop Muskie Momentum

/

W t
H r r r
ITS .soRT OF A me-errcwoN
IN wtrrcH " . PARTY IELECTS‘
7/15 MAN IT FEELS WILL BE MST
LZVELY T0 succrsp IN THE MES/DéNT/AL
0;; rye/v5, SW at TANEdt/{LY erDING
T5255 CANDIDATES LACK/N6 IN
_ BASIC GUM/TIES or A warm:
COME/2 VAT/V6 MoDERA T/oN, Mil/tit
FLEXIBILITY, PAT/l/JT/IM AND
MED/QCRITY. PRIMARIES ARE
WHERE You HAVE THE Mosr
DIi/r‘RGENT CHOICE TOW/MM
THI: ULTIMATE END OF
Arse/arc 7H6 Aline/ma PUBLIC
THAT THE Parr/prewar.

 

   

  
 

     
 

   

 
 
    
 
 

  

    
     
 
        
     
 
   

  

      
     
   

   

  

managers agree the Maine senator is virtually sure to
capture all 20 convention delegates.

There are ltil .lllﬁ Republicans on the voter list in
New llampshit‘l', 100.473 Democrats. in iiddition.
124.505 independents can choose either primary.
and that could he a factor. particularly in the
Democratic rai't'.

There is a writihiir erinipiiign under way for Vice

 

 

Avenue. Albany. N.Y. 12208; 474-7015.

 

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1972

The other three names on the Dt-iirocrritie ballot
are hos Angeli-s- Mayor Sam Yorty. Sen. Vance
llartke of lndiniia. and Edward T. (Toll. a social
worker from llarl ford. (liinn.

“If i get .‘ltl ll) 35 per cent of the vote. every
presidential i'iinitiieiitiitoi‘ and ii -
revisi- his opinion of my chance

   

ysl will have to
." Mi-(iovi-rii said.

in the “Upltlillt‘ult primary. Nixon holds a tower-
ing lead mer Iti-ps. Paul N. Md‘loski'y Jr. Of
California arid -loliiii\l Aslibrook of Ohio. Nison
ruled out pt'l'\i|t|.il i-aiirpaigiiiiip. but stand-iris hint“

to be reaching his goal.
Nixon is rated t"
convention delegates at stake in separate primary
balloting 'l‘uesday.
()ir the Democratic side. McGovern and Muskie

 

'Ilii to sweep all

President Spiro ’l‘. Agnew's renominiition, and a

(:()p rival one in behalf of Sen. Edward W. Brooke of

Massachusetts,

Ir'ornri-r (tov. Eudii-ott Peabody of Massachusetts
is running for vice president in the Democratic
primary.

Muskie Ahead, But...

Pat Paulsen Campaigns Again

By STEVE MONTIEL
Assocratrid Press Writer

(‘onii-iliaii l’ril l’aiilsi-n is running
for president of the United States.
population 1500 tiiillioii Actor l-Iil
Nelson wants to be :i i'ourieiliiraii
in suburban Srrn Dinias. piipiila»
lion l:’i.lltlt). It's keeping birth off
the .tll'

The Federal ('oriiiiiunri-alions
('iiirriiiissioii has l||ll'll that tele-
\isiiirr network,» must giii- [)tIlllll'Hl
ii|t|iiilit't|i~ of lltl‘ tuo tllt‘li equal
ltlltt‘ \\llt‘llt'\|'t t'lllll‘l .t|i|ti‘.ii\ on
the tiilie in any t'iiptit'lt)

"l bi-lii-\i- it \lliliiltN my Hulllx.“
\i-lsnrr \.i_\\ “It tlil'ittlx that to
hold lttlllllt' office i hate Iii gur-
tip my piirlvssiorral Ht't'tl|t.t||iiti "

Paulsen “as a tongue Illt'ltt'I'lt
earirlrdati- liil president iii lttlik
'l‘liis year llt' says. he is si-rarusly
seeking llll‘ lti-piIIilIi'iiIi pit-sirloin
tral nomination. and the l-'l‘(' has
Illll‘tl lll’ Iiitist lii- I‘tilihltit'l'l'd a
serious l‘:illllltlttlt'

l’aiilseir filed suit in llil‘ titlr l’ S.
('iit-iiit (‘oiirt ol Appeals .ist
'i‘uesday claiming that after lll'
declared his candidacy he "began
to suffer. alriiosl iiiiriit-tltati'ly. ht"
\t‘l't‘ i-r-onoiiin- dritiiage." lll' asked
that the Mt be prevented from
enforcing its equal time iiiliiig
against him when he makes i
“iiorrpolrlii-al professional appear-

ance "

Nelson says lll' is considering
filing a similar appeal. The televi-
sion blackout is national for Paul-
sen. who is ii t'iiiididrile iii 'l‘iies-
day‘s presidential primary in New
Hampshire. The blackout is only
lnt‘ttl for Nelson. but that's no
comfort to him.

TUESDAY. MARCH 7. 1972

  

ARE You ASERIOt/S
(AW/DATE?

    

 
    

 

Nelson. who played Dr. lto.sr iri
llll' television soap opera series
l'i-ytiiii Place for five year. also
has ii rule in a tvvohoiir Nll(‘
Itit)\ll‘ M‘lit'iltllt'tl to be shown
Miii'eh Bil as the pilot for ii new
hl‘l'll‘ﬁ.

lint Nll(‘ said the movie won't
be shown in the lion Angeli-s iil'l‘ii
Willie Nelson is a candidate.

Nelson said he couldn't drop out
of the city council race under
state law because he llltti already
filed nomination papers.

The til-year old iii‘tor also
claims his situation is somewhat
different from l’riiiliieii's- because
unlike the comedian. he doesn't
portray himself.

   

 

MW viii/“£5707;
mart); Km; a;
TM omit/t r’?

\V. M __,._ (7/

 

mm
g 7" ND
FAT!
p/aiLSEN or;
wait N T

W

    
     
  

 

findtiimm

Nelson's troubles began when
the National llriiaili'asiiiig ('o.
showed a segiiri-iit on its Niglil
(ialli'ry program called "Little
(iii'l Lost" last Wednesday night.
Nelson portrayed a mental pii-
tient's security guard iii a role he
said consumed l1! minutes,

Charles Wilson. one of the other
six candidates for the April it
Sari Diniiis city council election.
subsequently requested equal time
during the 10 run. time slot.

“We are aware of the fuel...thiit
Ed is ii candidate." said an NBC
spokesman in Lot; Ange-lea. "Any-
thing tlirit Nelson lit in will not be
aired while he is still ii candidate."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

By WALTER R. MEARS
AP Political Writer

Sen l'ltltlllllltl S Muskie. illl‘ Di-nioerat risking the
biggest |itil|llt‘.ll mile in New Hampshire's lead-off
presidential priniaiy, ltiltl his New England neigh-
bors Satiiiila\ that “the Wlltilt' t'tltllill'_\ is walehiiig
to we it you beliew in me."

Si-ri George S Mt-(lmi-i'ii of Siiiitli Diiktiiii said hi-
sensed "a strong iipurriil surge” in his quest for a
,slll).\l.il|iltil \liti\\|tlL’ rie\l 'l'iii-sday

Muskie at 42 per cent

The llostiiir (iililil' it‘lltlt'lt‘tl tlitil a pull of New
llaiiipshiie Democrats rated Muslin-"s strenghi at 42
per t't'til. down sharply from the “5 per cent the
Maine senator- scored in a similar survey five weeks
ago.

The poll. conducted by lteekt-r' lit-search ('orp.,
rati-d b’letlovern at Zti pi-i' I‘I'ill With four others
trailing lzii’ behind and ‘10 per cent of the \‘Ult‘l’a
lllltil't'ltll'tl

‘I'liat surrey of 52‘.) New llaiiipsliii'i- voters was
i'tllillill‘il‘ll Friday as a followup to ii Feb. 26 and 27
sampling. \Vltlt‘lt gave Muslin- .lti per cent. Met‘imern
Ill uitli lti per t't'lli under-riled and the rest
walli-i’i-tl.

Muskie Needs 50 per cent

.\ lIt'\\ llarirpsliiri- showing significantly under half
ol lllt‘ \ote 'l‘iiesilay would be :i serious setback for
Muskre'sbitl to Iii-eoiiii- the “('lllttl'l‘ttilt‘ presidential
Iitttttllit't'

Muskie told about ltit) supporters in Nashua that
lit' hopes to carry with him to the rest of the
country the values of northern New Iiirgliinders.

"I like to think that neighbors and old friends
believe in me and support me and will vote for me."
the senator from Maine said.

“l'tir interested not only in winning the New
Hampshire primary but Ill getting from the people
of New lliiiiipshire a message that I can take on
to...|l|inois."

"I think that if We all iipply ourselves, we're going
to get ii commanding victory next 'l‘iiesdriy here in
New Hampshire.” said Muskie.

lle eriinpriigned door-to-dnor in Nashua and Mini-
eliein-r on ii half-day Saturday schedule. and spent
the rest of the day preparing for Sunday night‘s
dandidiite debate.

McGovern campaigned iit shopping centers rind
headquarters in southern New Hampshire.

“The outcome really tl0|)0l|dN more on what
you'rtI doing than what the candidate iii doing." he
told campaign workers in Salem.

PAGE 7

 

