   

"l;

    

   

Friday didn't turn out to be a very happy St.
Patrick’s, day for either Pat Ienihan or his room-
i, ' , mate Mike Ryan, and the cause wasn't excemive
€ ‘ celebration. Both were roused from sleep at 5:00
. am. Friday morning by some visitors: State police
‘ ‘ from Troop G, Loudonvllle, armed with a search
warrant and “assisted” by two of campus security's
finest - Investigators John Henighan and John Ruth.
 The State police were looking for dope and they
found enough to make the two student residents a
part of a tri-county bust that netted twenty-eight
suspects, capped a three month investigation, and
resulted in what District Attorney Arnold Proskin
described as a sizeable dent in area drug trade.

State police siad yesterday search warrants are out
and that more arrests arc imminent. But the Albany
campus will be spared from further night visits, for a
Troop G spokesman explained: “We're done with
the campus for a while."

Lenihan had apparently sold drugs to a state
police undercover agent and taken him to his
dormitory room to complete the sale. Thus, the
state police came equipped with a search warrant
based on two counts of criminal sale of dangerous
drugs. A search of the room yielded more illegalities
- reportedly LSD and marijuana - and Lenihan's
roommate was also arrested. Both students have
been released on ball.

The swiftness and secrecy of the arrest sparked
concern on the part of Indian Quad dorm directors
that the stated policy of Albany State's Housing
Office was ignori-d. “‘.‘Ie are told that when a bust
comes, we will bl informed .. it so thrf we can go
along and make ""l'f iLl -lc.its' rights are not
violated," one director cx ilained. Tint in Friday
morning‘s drug raidI Quad Co-ordinaior Dave Jen-
kins‘ was not informed ' I’ tbs. arrests until an hour
and a half after they ace-Ired and Director Bob
Brody - who was on dut; tint night - was not told
until 10:00 AM Friday morning.

Dean for Student Affairs Neil Brown, who accord-
ing to a spokesman for campus security knew the
raids were coming, could not be reached for
comment.

 

“PETER STUYVESANT‘S" SPIRITS BRING WITH HIM FORG
ll LOW, LOW PRICES AVAILABLE EXCLUSIVELY AT. . . on“

STUYVESANT LIQUORS

ll Featuring The Wine Cellar
Peter Stuyvesant '0 Proof
BLENDED WNISIIEY any... 

Par-r Stuyvesant ID Proof 
VODKA  
Peter Stuyvesant 90 Proof 
GIN t. l... 4

or.
Peter Stuyvesant to Proof

BLENDED WIIISIIEY nun-n 

PBlleorslt’uﬁnBualﬁProol or." Old 

ErﬁsAmﬁﬁnyilo Proof I.“ “In 
extraordinary   49.?
 It Proof h“ “I. 

II RETURNING T0 ALBANY AFTER AN ABSENCE OF 300 YEARS!

  
    
  
    
  

Int Than

 

     
 

Senator Muskie speaking before University
Muskie hopes to defeat Eugene McCarthy in the Illinois preferential
primary and keep George McGovern from grabbing too many delegate
votes. (AP Wirephotol

State Police and Security Combine to Bust State Students Friday

 

of Illinois students.

County Drug Program Criticized

by Jeff Passe

s'.

Peter Stuyvesant
ll LOWEST LEGAL PRICES 0N NAME BRANDS AND AN EXTENSIVE
SELECTION OF DOMESTIC In IMPORTED WINES In COIDIALS

 

 

 

  
   
 
     
 
 

Addicts in the Albany County
Methadone Program were auto-
matically dropped from the pro-
gram if they were arrested. After
an Albany State student began to
examine the legal consequences of
this action, the policy was quickly
changed and the Albany County
do“ again began distributing meth-
adone to addicts in the program.

Allan Kolodny, a graduate stu-
dent connected with thc Middle
Earth drug program. was doing
research of methadone programs
for a course in the School of
Criminal Justice. ()ne of his dis-
coverics was that addicts in the
Methadone Program were auto-
matically dropped from the pro-
gram upon arrest. Furthermore.

he learned that when the addict
goes through withdrawal symp‘
toms in prison, he is not given
medication and he is not per-
mitted professional medical assis-
tance. In other words, Kolodny
found that the Albany County

getting a job

able to deal with if III

them. The fact is, If you will be
The EDUCATOR will assist you In gar

FOR INFORMATION
WITH NO OBLIGATION
—OALL TIIIS TOLL
FREE IIIIAIBER NOW!

the most difficult hurdle
of your teaching career...

The simple fact is that IIlBl'O are mo t h
lobs. Anyone promising you that effinnl m m than mcmng
be easy—lust doesn’t know what“: hapiiuiliigilgm M Is “mg m

The EDUCATOR not only understands tho job situation, but Is more

York State. That's because The EDUCATO
R ls
school districts providing recruitment and sslectliiiirlili'sllst'iiiilcllg‘i

800-962-1467

Weekdays/Sundays 9:AM-5:PM

ﬁillldEllllTll

Jail policy for treatment of with-
drawing addicts is to do nothing
more than give him an aspirin!
Kolodny consulted the Albany
County Methadone Maintunencc
Program to see if his findings worl-
accurate. ’l‘hcy admitted that lll.\
accusations were true but the)
were “working to change it."
After consultation with a law
yer, Kolodny considered legal ac-
tion against the state, since the
state's denial of methadone trcal-
ment might be “cruel and unusual
punishment" under the eighth and
fourteenth amendments. Koloilny
decided not to take any legal
action until he could do
research on the subject.
Later that week, Kolodny spqu-
to Dr. Gainer. Director of tho
Albany County Methadone Pro
gram. Gainer siad that he has
worked out an agreement will
Albany County Jail, and melhu
done is now being given out to
prisoners who are in the program.

mm c

    
    
  
  
  
     

 
   
  

may be

     
    
     
    

    
    
  

 

      
 
 

    
   
  
 

nullified fuchcrb So i
"mum y p amber.

   
 
    
 

      
  

 
 
   
  

PLACEMENT SERVICE
114 Gifford Street
Syracuse. N.Y. 13201

   

  
 

 

 

 

.- at». .«mmwmrwmv ‘ ‘

 

 

Students Me

It lulu e—utunl

ur
ClPiml Correspondent

Some 800 students converged on the state’s capitol yesterday to

fight for no tuition at SUNY and CUNY, no public aid to non-publicI

schools and no cutbacks in education.

The students, most of whom seemed to come from New York City,
were backing two Senate and Assembly bills that call for no tuition at
SUNY. The measures, sponsored by Senator Abraham Bernstein
(D..-l3ronx) and Assemblyman Manuel Ramos (D.-Bronx), are current-
ly both in committee. Sponsor Bernstein felt that the bill would only
get out of committee with great public pressure. He expressed doubt
that the measure would ever reach the floor for action since he has
introduced the same measure “for the last 8 to 10 years,” and it has
never gotten out of committee.

The student activities began with an early morning press conference
held at awmblyman George Cincotta’s (D-Bklyn.) office. Paula
Storch, a student at City College of New York and Chairman of the
State-Wide Coalition for Free Public Education, acted as a spokes-
woman for the contingent of some 10 students from across the state.
'I‘erming higher education “a necessity and not a privilege," Storch
asserted that since the total society benefits from college educated
students the burden of paying for that education should not rest on
the individual. She further stated that they were also there to let
legislators know that they represented a large voting block. According
to Storch some 2,000 students were expected for the demonstration.

Students rallied in front of the Capitol steps at noon and heard a
variety of speakers including one man who claimed that State
University teachers were behind them. The rally was brief with only
one small incident involving the displaying of in Viet Cong flag by
some demonstrators. Students then broke into groups and headed for
their state legislators to lobby for support of their demands.

The would-be-lobbyists found that their task was not as easy as they
has expected it to be. Security at the new legislative building was
tight, and over 100 students found that waiting to be allowed in five
at a time was dull. Many legislators were not available for the students
to speak to, and still others could just not be found. Many students
claimed that they felt that they had wasted their time, and that they
had accomplished nothing.

While most of the legislators who were contacted claimed to support
the students’ aims, many of the demonstrators were skeptical. One
student said, "We see the Democrats and they tell us to see the
Republicans. We go see them and they tell us to see the Democrats..."
Another student, one of many from New York City High Schools,
said that the legislators were all nice and said that they supported
lhcm but then said, “and tell your parents to vote for inc." Another
hiin school student called the legislators’ response to their demands
favorable bul “sweet coated." The general reaction of the student
lobbyists seemed to be discouragcmcnt.

The bulk of the demonstrators came from New York City, and a
large number of these students came from high schools. South Shore
lligh School estimated that some 35 students had come to Albany for
lhc demonstration. High School of Music and Art boasted a turnout
of aboul H30. New York Community College claimed a turnout of
ISO. SUNY Binghamlun could rustle up only about 30 students, while
Albany State managed to draw between 30-50 demonstrators.

\Vhilc students may have cut a day of classes in order to
demonstrate, a grcal number of them learned quite a civics lesson
yculcrday.()nc student said, while shaking her head, (but she had
never realized that the Democrats had so little power. Muny slutlenls
said lhaf Ihcy had received favorable responses from the legislators
lhey saw, but a touch of disbelief and skepticism seemed to tinge their
statements.

Students also found Illill the very same issues that they backed -
prison reform, aid for the mentally retarded, ecology - were the very
insures Iliul meant a shifting of slate priorities with cducai ion being one
of lhc areas losing ils No. I rating. They found their cries aboul the
expense of lhc South Mall lo be an old script for mosl of the
legislators. lnslcad, students found that money conscious lcgislaiors
\\'(‘I‘(' more lhan willing to talk aboul and agree wilh the no lnilion
concept, bul were nol willing to hike taxes or make any real promises
about the key In Ilu- whole dilemma - money.

 

Y 'I V
slug ' ‘\
it:

. .rm ‘1

it"

About 800 students from throughout the state gathered in Albany yesterday to protest plans to Increase
tuition for the State University, and to demonstrate for a continuation of free tuition for the City
University of New York. They listened to speeches in the park outside the Capitol building then went
inside to meet with individual legislators.

Students Protest Appearance
f Chase Manhattan Recruiter

by Glenn von Nostitz

A gathering of angry students
protested the appearance of re-
cruiters from lhc Chase Manhat-
tan Bank at lhc placement office
yesterday morning.

Approximately lcn of the
dcmonslralors entered an adjoin-
ing conference room where lwo
rccruifors, Mr Aiello and Mr.
Iloudreau, were meeting with stu-
dents, According to a placemenl
office spokesman, the demonstra-
lors initially did not disrupt the
meetings, but when they did begin
to interrupt the proceedings, Hen-
ry Kirschncr, a placement office
administrator, read a prepared
statemcnl ordering the studcnls to
leave. Apparently the statement
said that the students were in
violalion of public rules of order

FORUM 0F POLITICS Presents
Mr. Edward Law Yone

Burma Delegate to the Bandung Conference

“Nixon’s China Visit:
An Asian Perspective“

Tuesday, March 21 8:
Admission FREE

CC Assembly Hall

funded by student lax

's'. u's

00 pm

 

After Ihe statement was read,
the demonslrators left lhc room,
and ref up a "picket line" in front
of the office, clapping their hands
and shouling slogans against lhc
ltockcfcllers and their "blood
money." 'I‘hcy claim that the
Rockefeller family controls lhc
Chase Manhattan Bank, and they
cilc the bank’s role wilh the De-
fensc Department, the fact that
the bank halidch the Slate Donni-
tory Authority's construction
bonds, and “the fuel that the
Cllufit‘ Manhallun Bunk practically
owns Latin America."

After about half an hour of
pickcling, Kirschncr dislribuicd
copies of lhc "Student “and-
book" to lhc sludcnls, and
poinlcd oul lhal they could be
suspended and even arrested for
their actions. Iiiraclincr later said
lllill, “We do noI wanl lo prohibit
people from dcmonslraling their
poinl of view. I‘lvcryonc should
have lhc ring to speak." He
added lhul [his could be done "as

long as they don‘t disrupt things.‘

After the recruiters' conferences
with the students were over, the
protesters re-entcred the office,
and questioned the students who
were seeking jobs with Chase Man-
hattan. ()ne of the students said
that he wanted to work for the
bunk “because Ihcre are no other
jobs."

A spokesman for the demonstra-
tors suid that future actions are
being planned against recruiters
uniil enouin pressure is exerted
"to keep them off the campus." It
was added, however, that this
would require considerably more
sludcnt support than has been
recently shown.

Yesterday’s action came as one
part of a series beginning last
week. The initial action was a
protest against the appearance of
a rccruilcr from American 'I‘ele—
phone A: ’l‘clegruph, which was
followed by a demonstration
from the

(i o r p s .

rccruilcr
A rm y

nguinsl a
W o m c n ' s

 

 

new residenee living experience

Suyles International House

open to both American and foreign,
graduate and undergraduate students...

if interested,
attend the meeting tonite!

Tuesday, March 2i 9:30 pm
Potroon Lounge, Campus Center

 

   
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 3

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MARCH :11, 107:1

     

MARCH 21, 1972

