 

 

 
  

 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

. 

   
 
 
   
  
 
   
 

 

 

i

l
I
l
g

 
 
 
  
 
 

    
  

 

v~ w ; ., Housing Applications ,

.Today, applicitlon‘ materials for 1972-73 continuing student
housing are available in all residence halls for those students who wish
to reside on-campus for the coming academic year. Applications must
.be returned according to.priority and group size during the week of
April 24-28 and May 1-5. BeginningApril 17, and prior to housing
sign-up, students who plan to live on-campus for 72-73 must be
photographed for their permanent meal card and must also present
their Residence Contract Card and Advance Rantd Deposit. to the
Housing Office, Fulton Hall, State Quadrangle. Once this procedure
has been completed, each student group will proceed to the current
residence hall director of the building in which they wishdo live for
the coming year and choose their room and/or suite. Detailed
information concerning priorities, the schedule for application, the
composition of specific residence halls, the types of accommodations
available in each hall, and the residence director's schedule of ofﬁce
hours is available by reading the On-Campus Housing Flyer, posted
throughout the academic podium as well as in all residence halls.

An innovative, special interest program emphasizing inter-cultural
exchange will be instituted next fall as a part of the total residence
program. This program, an international House, will be located in
Sayles Hall on the Alumni Quadrangle and will house American and
foreign, undergraduate and graduate students in a coed alternate floor
arrangement. The International House is designed to foster intercul-
tural understanding, and its emphasis will be on programming.
Anyone desiring to participate with this program must follow the
procedure outlined in the Housing Flyer and, in addition, must submit
a completed information/application form to the Brubacher Hall
Office or the International Student Office (CC 332) by Friday, April
21. These forms are available at the five quadrangle ofﬁces, the
Campus Center and the two offices mentioned above.

 

News Briefs

 

International

ROSARIO, Argentina (AP)—A Burst of machine-
gun fire from a passing car today killed Gen. Juan
Carlos Sanches, commander of Argentim’s 2nd Army
and one of the nation's most powerful military
chiefs.

A woman passer-by also was slain by the assassins'
bullets and thc gcncral‘s chauffeur was severely
wounded.

The woman was hit in the head when a pickup
truck slowed Sunches‘ limousine and the killers
opened ﬁre from a car that sped by.

The 52-year-old Sanchez was struck several times
in the attack on a downtown street only three
blocks from his ofﬁce.

An army communique said Sanchez was “brutally
and cowardly assassinated by terrorist elements.
who also shot the chauffeur in the barbarous
nct...This cowardly attempt calls attention once
again to the perversity of the subversive movement
which is plaguing the country."

National

WASHINGTON (AP)~Sccrctary of Defense
Melvin R. Laird accused Moscow last Friday of
making major contributions to the Vietnam war
through heavy arms shipments to North Vietnam.

Nixon’s comments also follow the pattern set by
the administration in recent months of accusing the
Soviet Union of a lack of restraint in several areas of
crisis throughout the world.

Dobrynin, who signed the treaty for his country,
was much more general in his statements.

Speaking of the importance of the treaty, which
was signed by 74 nations at a ceremony at the State
Department today, he said the new agreement has
created a momentum toward gcncrnl disarmament.

“It is our duty to make good use of that
momentum," the Soviet Ambassador said.

WASHINGTON(AP)~ch. Bob Wilson, R-Calif.,
said today the International Telephone (It Telegraph
Corp. guaranteed to underwrite half the $800,000
which San Diego had to commit to obtain ncxt
summer’s Republican National Convention, but the
HT ﬁgure was lowered two months later.

Wilson, the key ﬁgure In bringing the convention
to his home city, told the Senate Judiciary Commit-
tee that I'I'F's commitment was just a working
ﬁgure and that he had assured Harold S. Gcnccn,
l'l'l‘ president, “we could soon work the under-
writing down to a reasonable figure as far as
Shcraton's an "'1‘ subsidiary obligation was con-
cerned." .
Stole

NEW YORK (Apr-Hundreds of mourners and
the curious watched this morning as the body of
slain mobster Joseph Gallo, In a solid broan casket,
was romovod from the Guido Funeral Home In
Brooklyn for burial at ncarby Greenwood Ceme-
tcry.

I‘My bubv! My baby!" Mary Gallo, his mother,
cried hysterically, as she stumbled up the stops of
the funeral homo on Clinton Street, in (Julio's old
South Brooklyn neighborhood.

Gallo, known as "Crazy Joe," was fatally woundv
ad Friday during the celebration of his 43rd
birthday in a restaurant in Littlo Italy. ilis assailain
shot him from behind and fled.

 

 

 

  

 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 

  

DDIIICK

WSUA Will Serve Albany Area

by Paul Bachman

In less than a year all WSUA
fans will tune in their favorite
radio station over an FM dial. The
staff of WSUA is applying at this
time to the Federal
Communications Commission for
a lO-watt educational license
which would not only allow
students living on campus to
“dig” this brilliant station, but
would also enable the entire
population of Albany to tune in
on the Vibes. Thu lO-watt
transmitter will capture a listening
audience within a 7 mile radius.

But what are the advantagcs of
switching to an FM station and
broadcasting publicly? One of the
disadvantages of the prcsont
system concerns the limited range
of wave reception. Only those
students living on the 5 uuuds can
receive the emitted radio waves
because a special antenna is
needed to pick up the waves.
Thus, students living off campus
find it impossible to receive
WSUA on their radio. Oncc
WSUA converts to FM, anyone,
provided lic's within a 7 mile
radius of the campus, can listen to
the station. Thus, WSUA will
serve a greater percentage of the
student body after it completes its
conversion.

 

ISRAELI CAFE
AND NIGHT
CLUB NIGHT—

April 22 - 8:00

 

 

Another advantage of switching
to FM is that the quality and
clearness of reception will greatly
improve. Under the present
system the audience hears a buzz
or hum whcncver listening to
WSUA. This annoying sound,
called a (SO-cycle hum, stems from
the fact that WSUA doesn't
operate as a regular AM station
although the listener receives it
over an AM dial. Instead, the
station uses a “carrier current,"
which happens to create the
undesirable buzz. When the
station begins operating as a
normal FM station, the buzz will
be eliminated so that thc people
can enjoy a much clearer sound.

The listening audience of WSUA
is bound to increase since the
station will have a much wider
radius of reception and because
people will enjoy a clearer sound
than was formerly heard.

What type of format can we
expect to hear once WSUA
converts to FM? Although the
station has not yet decided upon a
precise schedule, it will probably
continue to broadcast primarily
“rock ’n roll". Brian Lehrcr,
Program Director of WSUA, says
that the station “will be as
diversified as possible but still
with emphasis on progressive
rock". However, the listener can
expect to hear a greater variety of
shows and music than is presently
heard. One new show will be
sponsored by the Arts-Features
Department to review plays,
concerts, and movies. The
broadcast will suck to keep the
students informed with the
various events happening on and
off campus.

Althouin the format of WSUA
will inevitably change, the station
will ncvcrthcicss continue to
dirccts Its attention to thc

 

é.

fall residence housing?

 

. ..
-.' :|
E:
LL.
[iii

 

 

'5:
H iguana" ‘ '
ﬁrsts if “he
gm '.  A alt!“ 

 

 

 

 

Suyles International

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE:

International Student Office CC 329; and Tower,
Waterbury, and Brubacher Offices

 

 

PAGE4 ,

V

ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS

 

students of Albany State. For
example, the station will likely
continue the regular broadcasting
of “Campus Happenings" which
informs the students of the
various -cvcnts taking place on
campus. However, the station will
become less personal towards the
campus in an effort to serve its
greater and more diversified audi-
ence.

Now that WSUA will broadcast
over an FM frequency, everybody
who wishes to go on the air must
obtain a F.C.C. third class license.
There is an advantage to this
requirement, since any prov
spective disc jockey will now be
quite knowledgeable of the
various aspects of radio hroad-
casting. Any flaws in the present
operations will stand a greater
chance of receiving attention.
Also, since WSUA now has an
abundance of personnel, disc
jockeys and announcers will be
selected on the basis of the stu-
dent’s ability and knowledge of
radio instead of the station‘s need
to simply fill vacancies in a parti-
cular department. Prospective disc
jockeys will practice voice quality
and broadcasting techniques in
the auxiliary studio to enhance
their radio presentation. The per-
sonnel will in this way become
increasingly professional in their
work and fully acquainted with all
aspects of radio broadcasting be-
fore their debut on the air.

Although the format of the
station and location of the studio
has not yet been ofﬁcially decided
upon, nevertheless the Central
Council has approved $6,424,sz
for WSUA to broadcast on an FM
band. it looks as if WSUA will
have both the funds and oppor-
tunity to enlarge its listening
audience from the students living
on campus to the entire popu-
lation of Albany. But even though
WSUA will only be one station
among several other FM broad-
casting units, we cun nevertheless
have confidence that In time
WSUA- will become the best
Albany has to offer.

r"__-_-———I—— ———_
) OVERWEIGHT l

I MAL/5'SWIM/1‘71? URGENTLY I
: le'lz‘llla'l) FOR ["000 I’RI'.‘- II
| lv'lz'Rlz‘Nle S'I'l/Dl'. )'()U (,‘lz'l'l
: FOUR I’Rlz'lz' DINNIL'RS I’ll/S :
|$HL00~ ('()N'/'xl("l' l)/\'. Ill/.1. l

477-4447 'l'()l).:l l'. II" YIN/j
zilx‘lc' llNSU/flz' rl/NH/T YOU/{l
lVlc'IUIl'I', (VI/J. ANYII’AI’. |

I
l
l
|
L

APRIL 11, 1972'

 

 

 

D

 

 

 

 

’—

 

 

 

 

 

,uA

.. III? .. ..

 

‘THE GOOD LIFE, /972’

0 Tempora. 0 Mores

Hail and Heave-ho

the Physics, Biology, Math, Busi- chacology, Latin and Greek, clas-
ness, History, Classics, crowne. sical history and civilization, some
partmcnts voted on Richard C. comparative literature, and classi-
Gascoync? No one on the com- cﬂl literature in the
mittee knows him personally, and, originnl~-Homer, Virgil. Horace.
it must be assumed, the decision Aeschylus, etc... What about role-
was guided by the previous de- Vance? Is there not some demand
cision of the chairman of the for studying philosophy of Plato,

Opinion
by Linda Rossi

How can a professor, or shall I
say a leaclmr, be denied tenure
when his department unanimously
nominates him for it and the
students he is teaching and has
taught wholly support him?

Mr. Richard C. Gascoyne, a
member of the Classics Dept. of
this university, was supported ea~
gerly and gratefully by his fellow
professors and his students in the
tenure decision. These are the
people who know him as a warm
individual who tries to get to
know every studcnt he has, who
goes out of his way to help if be
possibly can, who cares not just if
someone passes or fails, but more
importantly, if that someone un-
derstunds!

Would it be fair for someone
from the Biology program to vote
for president of the undergrad
History Association? Or for a the-
atrc major to decide what a Busi-
ncss Ed. club is to do in the
coming year? Then, how is it
appropriate that a committee

made up of representatives from

Editor-In-Chial
al scnua

News eunuv
"out. mum"...
Anna-ate ler Edlloi
quuu w... "ml-II
Features Editor:

Edllurlsl Pm Edllm
only In mum

OILS-Input News Edllnr
mlroll llmyul

Associated Press Editor

Humanities Division.

This person gave, as far as I
know, two rather weak attempts
at reasons for stopping this ten-

Aristotlc, Epicurus? English
majors must acknowledge the
debt we have to Latin and Greek.
And what of the histories of Livy,

ure: Mr. Gnscoyne has not ob- Sallust, Herodotus, Thucydides or
tuined the holy of holies, his the legal system of the Romans?

PhD., and since enrollment in
Classics courses has been de-
creasing "across the nation",

The cut budget has been used as
an excuse to get rid of other
teachers before this. Miss

dropping a professor from Classics Triantiﬁllou of the Romance Lan-

would be no great loss.

One, Mr. Gascoync is two exams
away from his degree-- he has
already passed six.

guage Department is a casualty
already. A few years ago, Dr.

Tucker and Mr. Goodman were in
jeopardy. And this will probably

Two, I defy anyone to find a go on, too, for this"institution of
“Man and his Environment" higher learning" is run by men
course dating ten years ugO--timcs who much prefer getting rid of

change and trends come and go.

some professor they vaguely know

Classics have been taught and exists than purging their own
studied since before the Renals- ranks. Unforunatcly, an excellent

sanco.

teacher like Mr. Gascoync is

In case anyone isn‘t sure, Clas- hardly a vague shadow to his
sics courses include classical ar- students and fellow professors.

é

Production Manager

Wiler'll

Adv-mama Manager
jullloy mam”.

lllllill Inulll
Business Manager
will man

who lmrlmll iiunny um

ounnm ".mmmnn Bports Editor Advertising Produstlon
Arts Elinor .ilnn abbey nun llamas

“I‘le .illlmull Associate lip-1m Edllnr umv mullum
Animal Am can-m mum Imime Photography Edlmu

um lmllr Inulm Graffiti Editor 'ILii win-um

.uulv Imllny

771- Erlmmsl am" a! m- Albany Sworn! Hm I:

quin ilnlslnoud

mun Hum n

located la ampw Cell"! .126 0/ the sure (lII/mmy at New York at Albany. I400 Mrnrnnon Avenue,

Albany, New Yuri [2222. nu ASF may be ruched ay telephon- u (all)! 451-2190. We Albany Student

Pm: Sam", end Lllmumn News Suvlre. The ASPI- runmd by nimdeinry null-m us. Price

uuln m.

Conunumt‘umm are encuurerd out are printed an rpecl penal". All cummumrutam an

Pm: n den/mlmd by the Edllarlsl Board.

 

Auoallle Adr’ermlng Manager

(at e lllbn‘llpllall lr nun duller: per yes! or low dollar! pd!

lull/eel (a edit/nu. The edlmml palle al ins Albany Student

 

wishurt

Technical Editor-
Llldlllllr Lmllmu
me..." man“...
Aullilnl Yechnicll Edilms
hilllll Manna:
nlwlu pmm
Classified Advmlllnl "In-'1
my IIIIlInIIioru
Circulation Manon
run wood
Eschange Editor
"nut lllnrlIky

Pm: summon (a the Auocmed Mu, millage

 

New York State is experiencing a fiscal crisis - or so we
have been told by our elected representatives and officials in
Albany. The newspapers and magazines remind us everyday
that New York is going broke, and that this poverty
condition has necessitated broad and often shocking reduc-
tions in vital services.

Two questions which are rarely posed, and never answered
in our newspapers, however, are: Why is the State so poor?
And, where has all the money gone? The answers are
actually quite simple.

One contributing factor has been the serious erosion of
the tax base during the past decade as many large
corporations moved to the South, overseas, and to other
locations where labor could be more easily exploited. New
York State has consequently been left with little industry
on which to collect rcvcnue, while its social welfare bills and
salaries for thousands of workers and high officials continue
to mount.

Nevertheless, we feel that the state’s fiscal crisis is grossly
overexaggcratcd. New York is “by no means" not a poor
state, as only a cursory cxamination of the roster of the
ultra exclusive Links, Knickerbocker and Union Clubs will

rcveal.lln fact . New York State has enormous sources of
untaxcd funds right now - funds which are in the hands of
the very wealthy capitalists who are members of such clubs,
and who the experts refer to as the “finpol elite”. This elite
includes the large and powerful families of the ruling class:
the Rockcfcllcrs, Whitncys, Pews, Vanderbilts, DuPonts,
and so on, and it has been shown through various studies
(most notably by the Temporary National Economic
Committee and Fortune Magazine) that such families
control billions of dollars of untnxablc estates.

The most notable family in this “finpol clitc" is of course,
the Rockcfcllcrs: John D. III, Nelson A., Lauraunce S.,
Winthrop and David. This family owns controlling interests
or large blocs of stock in such giants as Socony Mobil Oil,
Standard Oil (Ncw Jerscy), Standard Oil (Indiana), Standard
Oil (Ohio), Cities Scrvicc Oil Co., Atlantic Richfield
(ARCO), Marathon Oil, and others.

Most of the Rockefeller forcunc is untaxcd: Nelson A. has
to pay essentially nothing out of his own pocket for either
the South Mall or the State Universities. Most of his fortune
is slicltcred in trust funds and foundations, and the rest is
protected by clcvcr utilization of tax loopholes. At last
count, the family owned over 75 different trust funds and
foundations, managed by family nominees, and lies invested
in various corporations (mainly Standard Oil Companies).

The Rockefellch also have over 850 million tax-free
dollars in various foundations. The two largest of these are
the Rockefeller Foundation, with some “$1,528,365.28
and the Laura Spclman Rockefeller Memorial with
$296,767,061.20 (1970 figures). The Rockefellcrs also have
hundreds of additional millions in real estate, including the
Empire State Building and Rockefeller Center, and other
millions invested around the world, most of it tax-free.

The Rockefellers arc, of course, not the only family
making use of foundations, trusts and other tax loopholes.
Other big names on the Links, Knickcrbockcr and Union
Club rosters also escape taxation through such methods.
Some of the more prominent names include John Hay
Whitney, Oliver DcGray Vanderbilt III, Charles P. Stetson,
joseph P. Grace Jr., John A. Hill and the DuPont family.
Their billions never reach the public coffers, but are used to
control various large conglomerates instead.

Thus, when Governor Rockefeller announces new tax
increases, tuition hikes, and drastic cutbacks, we know that
he is not telling us the truth about the “fiscal crisis" and
lack of revenue. The “big money" is in the hands of the
wealthy capitalists and inlicritors, and while the of: lam-
ented “little man" has to pay the state bills, the clever and
quiet rich pay nothing.

 

APRIL 11, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5

    
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
   
  

 

" “ ' Via-I". ,1:

 

 


.
l.

l

   
  
 
  
 
  
     

 

