   
 
    
      
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

., J. ..

 

"virgin"couture:

 

 

‘ by Claude Weinberg

Last Friday at the Interfratemity Council Smoker, this fall's
‘ "“ rush officially began. For some, these next few weeks
might be the best weeks of their college years highlighte‘d by ﬂieir
acceptance into a FRATERNITY. For others it is the -resli1.ation
that Greek is not for them. However, most people either don't
know, don’t care, or are totally biased against fraternities.
Rushing is divided into two sections, informal and formal, each
asting about two weeks. Informal rush consists of a series of events
you may have seen advertised, such as kegs with sororitia, dinners,
wine and cheese parties, and drinking in the frat section. The
is‘to have intermted males meet the fraternities and their
way'of life. 'Ihe first bid session is then held, at which formal
invitations are given to basically anyone showing interest in ﬁle
‘ " . Then, formal rush begins, and in the next two weeks the
mah'iea start their personal evaluations and decide which fraternities
they like best. On October 22, this year, the final bid session will be
held and the individual fraternities will decide to whom they want to
give bids. That night the rushees can pick up their bids and decide
whether or not to accept the bids.
A fratemity's function is primarily social and although only about
10% of all university men belong to fraternities, they are among the
most active participants of campus events such as Homecoming,
Holiday Sing, Telethon, and intramural sports. Fraternities also play
a large part in community affairs, sponsoring blood drives, helping
charities, and fasting for Biafra, to name a few. There is also a major
representation of Greeks in student politics. In short, the fraternity
is an organized group of guys pooling their talents and abilities in
order to achieve a spirit of pride and brotherhood.
Originally, fraternities were started because of the lack of special
interest groups on campus. Today, with their proliferation, frater-
nities, except for a few, are on the decline. One of the reasons is that
first semester freshmen are not allowed to rush; many feel that their
" ' dies if they have to wait for the nextsemester. This fall
there was a proposal to annul the rule. It is now in the hands of the
Student Affairs Committee and a decision should be reached very
shortly. '
Last semester, a story on fraternities was written by an indepen-
dent and was obviously biased against Greek life. I, being in a
fraternity, have written this story biased toward fraternities.
However, like the mtha‘,‘.people complain about the social life at
Albany but. no one does anything about it. Come around to the rush
functions; there are no commitments at all. You‘ll have a good time

 

 

 

 

and, who knows, maybe you'll like it!

    

by Glenn von Nostitz

John Buckoff, Direcwr of the
Physical Plant hereat SUNYA,
yesterday answered some recur-
ring questions about the painting
presently being done inside aca-
derriic building and the resid-
ence quadranﬂes.

According to Buckoff, all of
the Academic Podium buildings
are slated for a complete repaint-
ing this year. Work inside the
Social Science building has al-
ready been completed, and the
Humanities building was origi-
nally scheduled to be painted
next.

But, according to both Buck-
off and Campus Center director
Gary Jones, a change in schedule
has been made. It has been

nity are expected here then,

Funding Revealed

budget of the University.

   

 

 

Izirr-lirxh-i‘
r m1

“\EH E L L M A N 

WASHING N AVE-ALBANYu‘iSQ-SJOO

    
ND BILLY PILGRIM
Will TRIPS THROUGH

TIME.....FROM
AGONY T0
 Ecsnsv...

starring ALBANY’S own
_ MICHAEL SACKS
' in his FIRST MAJOR ROLE!

KURT VONNtGIl'f
nuns now mm
at Winn” m “

IUfIllll (Illl‘il
N M (\IINI
“ll Ulllun novul-lo-erzzrrrcn'uchiovmnonl. " W” I "M W“ I
“ illl MAI-[\IINI

ll doridly irCL‘Ile interpretation oia rriosi Klilill r r N rmnnui

challenging book." NI w mm m w',

"Skillfully combines Idolatry, lraqudy, suler riIILf comedy " 21:13:32"
.lllll'

MICHAEL SACKS - HUN LEIBMAN ' VALERIE PEllRINE _
v  w  on autism”. . 0" SIAGE
” ° "   w" '—'* Michael SACKS Al 7» t 9»

A Unrmisl Piuuu m lECHNlCULDH'
Sullnplly bySlsvlini Gull-r4 mums tiszqu rm rim Prmrity on Mount: [RI “W

“...Capniru:i me qumtas‘mnco of Vonnegut"

 

 

 a r s»

As winter moves in, the crowds disperse  to the tunnels.

decided to paint the Carnpus
Center before Humanities in an
effort to give a “better impres-
sion” on Community University
Day, which is scheduled for 0c-
tober 23rd. Hundreds of visitors
from the surrounding commu-
and
it has been the desire of the
administration to make the cam-
pus look “as good as possible.”

Receiving top priority, accor-
ding to Jones, are the “more
public areas" which are expected
to be seen most by the visitors.

The funds for doing the latest
painting, are coming out of the
regular maintenance and repairs

‘1

 

 

 

0C!” mums MMLAIJNl' HOME '4'“. " ,

    

rarer;

  ia ' '
' " more}

Those rahuious Sixlie

Relive with us the fun—filled days of
that dizzy decade: the zany assassi-
nations, the kooky cult murders, the
colorful race riots, the amusing ro-
proaslons, the meanlngiess drug
deaths, the madcap war in Vietnam,
and the pointless pop culture. an of
Ii In the October Issue of the Moms!
mm: at your local newsstand.

ion—4 4

 

 

 

 

 

 u lot to. f Impress , Community

The painting crew, which nor-
mally consists of 10 full-time
men, has been beefed-up to 16.
'Ihe extra men were taken from
other departments, including
carpentry, the electrical shop,
and dormitory maintenance.

The possibility has been raiseo
that the reason behind making
the staff changes is the up
coming Community-University
Day and a desire to make the
campus look as good as possible.
But Plant Director Buckoff
claims that “most of the aca-
demic buildings haven't been
painted yet since they first open—
ed," and that many of the build-
ings badly need work done on
them, particularly the Campus
Center.

As a result of the staff changes,
alteration and modiﬁcation
work will be somewhat curtailed
due to staff shortages. How-
ever, Buckoff does not, sup
this as a serious problem. Asks
Buckoff, “What takcs priority,
alteration and modification or
painting and maintenance? Wr»
feel that painting is more impor
tant at this time."

After the Campus Center hns
been complete sometime in Dr-
cemhcr, the SUNYA painting
squads will tacklc the Human
ities Building, and than thi-
Physics and Chemistry buildings.

Dutch Quad Work

The Plant Director went on Ill
explain how the painting crcw Ir»
divided into three groups. ()m-
crcw concentrates on the rim
demic structures, another ls.
completely repainting Dun-h
Quad, and the other crew in on
call. It is expected that Ihr-
painters will begin Work on Hum-
Quadranglc next year, com
pletcly repainting all lllll'rlurs
there.

The rcrrsons for painting Dun-h
Quad are still unclear. It has
been suggested that Dutch is
used as a "showplaci-" for the
campus, and that Visilom ill’l‘
usually taken there rathr-r Lhnn
to other quads. Whether this is
why Dutch Quad is being paint
ed now is unclear.

in any event, most of ill“
painting is needed, and win-llir-r
or not it is being doin- for
Community-University Day in
not the important mutter. Ni-vw
thelcss, many students haw-
wondered why thr- University
administration has suddenly lll'l'l
dcd to step up painting iictivliim
whcn much of this campus wr-nl
unpainted for years.

1 Mcn-nn-GRE

3 LSAT-ATGSB
OCAT
NAT'L BDS.

' Prsperarion for tests required tor
udminlon to graduate and prolus
llOMl schools _

' Six and twelve mill)” courses

0 Small groups

'Volumlnous maturlul for boron 5|”er
prepared by experts in each fund

' Litsson schedqu can be tailored In
meet individual nut-(ls lessons
can be spread over a puriod (it
several months lo a your, or for
uni of town studenii, a period
of one week

'Opporlunilylor rrmiiw of pair
limo": via tape at the center

______,_____._——————
Special Cornpsci Courses during
Wedionds — lntersesslons

Summer Sessions __
STANLEY H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER tlli

Isra l-r urnsqu humbly-I a r .'L.
(212) 330—6300 
(filfil 638—4666

mu Ivimnos wiillhll‘r

'. A

Iiruriclies III MD“)! (Ilium III II,

Th Iuiruw 5'. Aunt with IM- Nurnuwrrh ffqrelurwa

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, SEP'I‘EMBIER 263157;:

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

lumpert's‘ Truce V Ineffective -

parking privileges at the expense
of the students and that Admin-
istrators should not be the only
ones with a chance to park in
the coveted lots at the main
entrance and along the main
traffic circle. A plea was made
for the “car-owning resident stu-
dent." who is automatically
doomed to the far-end of the
larger lots (an idea worse than
allowing them to “monopolize”
the front). The general senti-
ment was not with the resident
students and so, by being “prac- ,.
tical," the Council adopted the v ' a

week, the Appointments Re-
viewing Committee looked into
the matter. In its report to the
Council, this committee recom-
mended that Bob Harris not be
appointed to the position. A
Council motion to accept the
recommendation was defeated 8
in favor and 9 opposed. When
this vote was recorded, Lampert
was commenting that the vote
to each other's emotions, atti- was “closer than I feel com-
Liulcs and actions will only end fortable with." Lampert has
in hurting the students and the called for a truce...is the Council
Association.” listening?

That was part of a message Once again last Thursday,
from Lampert to CcnlralCoun- Council discussed the parking philosophy that everyone is
cil vxplaining why the hill to situation on campus. A motion equal but some are more equal
unl'rcczr- tho 'I‘nrch budget was was passed to urge University than others.
not. vctm'd as had been or Council to consider the Pro- Media groups were still hoping . , ' 7‘ I
poured. Two weeks ago, Council posals of the Ad Hoc Committee for plus use of income an; intro-
passod the Torch bill after Lam- to Investigate Parking Regulzi- duccd in a bill last Week. The
|)t‘l'i vr-tocd a similar bill, Lam- Lion. Dan Williams, chairman of Finance Committee‘s recommen-
pcrt said that if he had vetoed the committee, explained the (lotion was to dcfcat the bill, but
this bill, "i would have been committee's proposals, which in- aftcr SUll’ll' discussion, the Cmm
rr-nr'ting more from my reaction cludc: (l) reducing the parking cil passed use of income hill by :r
to your passing it over my fine from $5 to $3; (2) ending hirgcmnrgin.
known dissent than my per- the discrimination betwoon com- A burlgct I'm‘ lhi- Amali-ur
ccption of the greater good of mutcr students and faculty in Rildi“ Chill. 1| l'nirly "“W “film”-
lho students. My guess is that thi Dutch and State lots; (3) Zillion 0|! Campus. W115 “'50 PU"-
this hill was passed in reaction to paving the Colonial and Indian Sidi‘md ill “10 mlieiinllr A """l'
my vctu more than on its lots; (4) putting thi-lots near the mitlvec bill appropriated a little
moril." Lampert called for :in traffic circle on ll lollcry basis; "10m than $1000 fur (’(illllm'lcnl
and a telephone in the Living-

by Ellyn Sternberger

The score stood 3 to 1 with
Central Council leading SA Presi-
dent Mike Lampert last week.
What could have been a lengthy
and possibly interesting “battle”
between the Executive and Leg-
islative branches ended last week
when Lampert called an abrupt
“truce,” because, "this kind of
semantic self-reflective reaction

i
1

organization.

union lo nsc thi- gym for an
lI|)|)I‘i|l'lIlll,‘l‘ nl' .lnnr- Fonda, Tom
llriydi-n, Holly Nr‘ar, and u for-
mi-r I’OW. Usr- of the gym was
reportedly refused by athletics
director Albi-rl Wr-rner because
the gym is reserved for athletic

r-nd to “potty, annoying liic- and (5) calling for consultation
tics," but tho Council still with all segments of the Univer- stoii ’l‘owor penthouse station. use on weeknights and may he
appears to be operating with Sity Community, especially stu- 'l‘hi,I club president, Howie Bern- used for other purposes only on

wr-ckcnds. After recalling pro-
vinus violations of this zilledgcd
rule, the Council passed the bill
by ii unanimous voice vote. Pres-
idr-nt Bcnozct, Werner and Dean
for Strident Affairs Ncil Brown
will recuch copies of this bill,

stvin, defended the appro-
priation for ll tell-phone, and
after some discussion the appro-
priation was passed,

A bill was introduced by Barry
Davis rind Barry Sloan proposing
that Council urge for authori-

dents, before changes an- pro-
poscd in parking regulations.
Council's debate on tlir-si- pro»
pusals centered around "r-nuulA
ity" in the University com-
munity. II. was pointed out that
Faculty should not be granted

considerable anti-Lampert senti-
mcnl.

Two weeks ago, Lampert pro
posed that Bob Harris be ap
pointed as Assistant Political Co-
ordinator. The Council post
poncd the question and last

Record Turnout for Activities

of the Campus Center fountain.
Outing Club hrid a rope-climbing
domonstration and Sailing Club
In addition to the “Will (“5' had on display one of their
plays and literature, iii-voral hm,“
groups hold special demonstra-
tions. A popular booth was sot
up by the Physics Students ()rg«
animation, and inclule 2i fris-
cimiting demonstration of holo-

mcdiri, mass-programming, pol-
itics and recreation.

ostud students an opportunity to
join the many clubs, commitv
L005, and councils of the Univer-
sity. Each organization is re-
quired to set up a small booth,
and to have officers of the org—
anization on hand between
10:00 and 3:00 to meet pros-
poctivc members and offer in-

Activitics Day 1972 was unuc-
cuss far beyond the hnpi-s of any
of the groups represented there.
A typical activity day at Albany
State usually draws from 200 to
300 students to the Campus
Center Display art-us. But last
Saturday, when Activities Day
72 Closed its doors, well over

Why the Success

'l‘hv succuss of this year‘s acti-

l()()l) students had participated. “WWIUOHV
gruphy, or 3»D photography. vity day was, it seemed, partially
'l'hcntru Council's booth was not due to I.llI' fact that it. was th‘
'l‘hi- basic intent of activities up in front of the Campus Ccn- first wovkond in which large
day, held during ll Saturday at Approximately 60 groups par- tor, and hold continuing perv numbers of students did not
leave for home. Most students

formancos for most of the four
hours. And iiflcr lunch Judo
Club held a black-boll. demons-
tration in the main phi‘Lri in front

ticiputcd in this year's activity
day, touching on all of the var-
ious aspects of the university
crimmunityﬂicadcmic, cultural,

Episcopalians
On Wednesday, September 27, Episcopal students
are invited to gather at 12 noon in the Campus Center,
Room 370, to discuss the formation of a witnessing
Episcopal community on Campus.

Starting Sunday, Octoberl, the Celebration of the
Holy Eucharist will take place each Sunday at 10:15 am

n the Chapel House.

the beginning of the fall semes-
ter, is to offer various campus
organizations a chance to draft
new members. and to offer inter-

stayed on campus, and were

looking for something to do.
drawing

Another card was

      
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

The Rev. Harold Baum, Chaplin Chapel House: 489—8573
Home Phone: 462-2728

Join the celebration

   
   

      

if: ,  ‘ (l/
 , uni .
l-Iul J

Howard Bernstein (above), President of the Amateur Radio Club,
appeared before Central Council last week to request funds for the

h

urging them to allow usage of
lhegym.

The Council rejected the re-
commendation of the Appoint-
ments Reviewing Committee to
reject Bob Harris as Assistant
Political Coordinator. According
to procedure, Harris would have
automatically assumed this posi-
tion at the and of the Council
meeting if no further action
were taken. Sorry, Bob. The
Council voted ii to 9 to reject
your appointment...arc you
listening, Lampert?

Day

WSUA radio, which broadcast
livv from the Campus Center
Balcony. And Wild Wild Week-
cnd sponsored a free ice cream
social complctc with half hour
lint-s,

About the only complaint
hcurd Saturday concerned the
Jazz Band which played in the
Main Cafeteria. Although many
people found it quite enjoyable,
a few complained that it was too
loud and nearly impossible to
communicate without yelling.
The Jazz Band was sponsored by
Campus Center Governing
Board.

For those who missed Satur.
day‘s festivities—it was a great
event, and there are still a few
handbooks left at the Infor-
mation Desk for those interest-
ed. They describe each group
that participated, and provide
information for those interested
in joining,

 

10% Discount

to all

STUDENTS
in the

219 Western Ave. store

The
Book Mark

Bookshop

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1972 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Plaza 7

Shopping Ctr. Route 4

Latham Defrsestville
PAGE THREE

