 

 

 

.. "K _;-~ A,“ 4,.

. . byAiIdy Pdley -- ‘ . ,
"Hie  public; is alpth of the plece..Moat of the audience
being exposed .ltogo‘od naiu- (I’ve never seen so many sehlor
media mI-Ic,‘ whether It likes It or. citizens in my life! Where is
, not. And, if the, reaction next year' today’s youth?) clapped in appre-
ia similar to this year's mild up- ciatlon of what seemed to be a
roar, the Albany Symphony might  . ,_'_‘ ' v, but there were
bebooed oceans-bummed boos in a... air. Why? Easy to
ignorant audience. Interesting, ssy—theolder crowd simply does
though, that those semi-educated not know how to approach music
alobi’in New York City are having made of sounds, not notes. It is a
the same “problem”. with their different aesthetic, one 180 de-
orcheetra, the N.Y. Philharmonic. grees opposite from the soothing,
The Albany Symphony chose trite phrases of ’I‘achaikowsky. As
one of the ﬁnut multi-media a reviewer, all that I can do is
pieces to perform on its April convey the fascination of Echoes’
22nd program, Echoes of Time strange timbres, wierd sounds, and
and the River, by George Crumb. visual effects. I cannot begin to
The work, which won the Pulitzer make value judgements about
prize for music in 1968, is termed music that, for all that I know, is
"Four Processionale for Orches- not even music to the vast
tra.” It consists of movements of majority of the people in the
sections-ﬁrst, a trio of metal stands. What can one say? Either
chimes, gong, and drummer, next, one likes it, or one hates it. There
the entire brass section of the is no middle ground in the realm
orchestra, which parades out In a of music appreciation.
straight line only to blow air and a The Tschaikowaky "Polish"
few words thmulh their horns. Symphony which ﬁlled up the
and, ﬁnally, the woodwinds, who reminder of the ﬁrst half of the
blow snorted sounds through plc- concert, left me cold and dry. The
colos, clarineta, and flutes. program nota wonder why the
What the expansive program piece is so seldom heard. Obvi-
notes seemed to fail to convey ously, the answer is because the
was the extreme “multi-mediacy” music is so lousy-‘In all of

 

Superstar-Super!

by Bob Curtis:

Performing before a large audience in the SUNYA
gym Saturday night was a small group of performers
known as the British Touring Company. There they
endeavored to present to the crowd a performance
of Jesus Christ Superstar. let it be known that they
did a fantastic job. This particular performance was
better in certain respects than the Broadway
production itself. It was simple, performed upon the
makeshift stage which appears in the gym at every
concert, but it was clear and the story came through
unclouded whereas in the Broadway production
there were so many rufﬂes and ﬂourishes that the
story was difficult to grasp unless you knew it
beforehand.

As i asked a friend of mine what he thought of the
performance, the only response i could get was
“Wowww!” likewise, when I asked him what he
thought of the light show I received a “Wowww!” as
his only reply. Fortunately I was not as stunned as
he was. When I asked him afterwards he said he
could not remember anything about the show
except that it was good. And was it ever good. The
performance was changed somewhat from that
presean on Broadan, but the addition of several
new songs added some new personality to the story,
which some people may think is ‘beat.’ But aren't
we going through the same thing that Christ went
through? Being outcasts, looked down upon by
f ‘ society, and sometimes suffering hardships because

of what we believe? The drarm of Jesus Christ is

alive in every one of us, as could be seen towards
,r the end of the concert. It just took a little doing to

get the typically apathetic SUNYA audience

warmed up, as they crowded down ‘the aisles,
- A dancing and becoming part of the performance. This
"little bit of doing" was the appearance of II
somewhat gay King Herod who informed the
audience that they were in heaven as he sprinkled
them with fairy dual.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  

" ~ w Judas finished off the show with an encpro of the
hit song, “Superstar,” which made the show seem
more like a rock concert than a rock opera, but the
audience loved it. The show as a whole Was really
fine, and if you missed it I advise you to try to see
It.

Hosanna! Superstarl

UNAPPBECIATED

'lhchaikowsky’s works there is not
one piece so corny, erratic, and
utterly vulgar than the Polish. The
1512 Overture hu some lovely
melodies, thaibthetique has lovely
melodies coupled with rhythmic
vitality, and any number of
Tchaikowsky's other works has a
combination of the two. The
Polish has the least possible com-
bination of those two worthwhile
qualities. It does have, as Thomas
Beecham once put it, “that un-
canny ability of Tchaikowsky to
drive people out of their collective
skulls." It had the Albany audi-
ence so excited that they burst
into applause at the end of the
ﬁrst movement. Tsk tsk. It also
drove the orchestra to the ex-
treme limits of their competence,
and the fourth movement, a lively
scherzo, was just too difﬁcult for
the string. Well, it was a valiant
effort against overwhelming adds.
The ﬁnal piece was what every-
one came to hear, the Beethoven
4th Piano Concerto, with Eugene
Istomin as soloist. It was a tribute
to the A80 that so ﬁne a musician
as Istomin would cement to play
here. And any dispute over
istomin's talents is certainly hun-
dreds of miles away by now. The
man is remarkable-mo more can
be said. One of the members of
the orchestra mentioned after-

wards that one could sense his
professionalism and poise even as
he stepped onto the stage. Need-
less to say, his performance of the
Beethoven was ﬂawless, and the
orchestra accompanied him well,
save an inconsequential miacue
here or there. It was exciting, so
exciting that there is a blank page
where my notes on the perfor-
mance should have been. Ah, well.
It should be like that all the time.

 

Julius Hegyi, one of the triumphs of the 'I‘ri-city area, conducts the

Albany Symphony.

THINGS & SUCH

The Second Concert for Bangla-
desh, one large, amorphous jam
session, will be held tomorrow
between 1 and 4 PM in front of
the Campus Center. The concert
will feature Hector Rivera and
anybody else who feels like
coming. Also featuring a large
garbage can which will gratefully
accept all spare change and do!-
lar bills on behalf of Unicef
Bangladesh relief. Bring your
guitar, (or banjo, trombone,
english horn, viola da gamba,
kazoo, tuba, or whatever you
happen to have lying amund.)
Bring your voice, bring your
friend, bring your money. Spon‘
sored by Gamma Delta Chi on
behalf of Uniccf.

Baxter‘z Cafe. at 810 Madison
Ave., announces these upcoming
events:

Tues, April 25----John Simson
_ w/ John Lipman .

Wed., April 26----Film: Dr.
Strange/ave w/ Peter Sellers and
The Pharmacist w/ WC. Fields.

Thurs, April 27-~--John Lipman
W/ John Simson
aﬁsyifi’éigyrlﬁlﬂﬁ mom: .4

am you mm ro MA:

A soap on minnow...

Am DINNER I: PIA mortar rmrkrN.

 

Poco Coming Up

by Bill Brina

The up-beat, infectioualy happy
sound of POCO is coming to the
SUNYA gym this Friday night
sometime after 9 PM. Tickets,
available in the Campus Center at
the usual hours (10 AM to 2 PM
or thereabouts) are $3.00 with a
tax card, $6.00 without. When
Aretha was here, I had the chance
to rap with the equipment men
from All Audio Sound of Boston,
who have been doing POCO since
late last fall and will be doing
their sound down at the gym.
Some insights I picked up include:

— Poco's sound: All-Audio
agreed with my assessment of
Poco's sound last fall — way too
loud. "Yeah, a lot of people came
up to tell us that. I think that
introducing good monitors to the
stage did that — the boys could
hear each other lust fine with
those monitors so they'd turn
those guitars UP! And We had to
turn up the vocal mix to balance
that. Lately, though, they’ve been
learning, and we've been trying to
lower the mix out here. I think
it's all straight now." I hope so.

—Poco’a mualc: "They've just
come from some long studio
sessions; they've got a new album
due out any day now and a whole
shitload of new material. And I
think it’s really good'I the balance
is back. The musical balance too,
y'know."

Those are encouraging words.
When they were on their way up,
POCO was II delight to behold ——
warm, friendly, happy, good-time
shit-klckln' music with a dash of
white soul thrown in. When Ilsst
saw them, the mix had gone stale
— musically and acoustically. If a
new mix has been established, we
should hear some fine music down
In the gym Friday night.

The Concert Board's taken a few

this year — they've lost some
(remember Dreams?) and won
some (remember the Burrito
Bros7). Let's hope that they —
and the long—suffering SUNYA
student body - have a winner this
time.

Apropos of the Aretha concert:
it‘s said in this business that a
critic isn‘t really baptized till he’s
gotten at least one nasty letter
that attacks, not what he‘s
written, but the person himself.
Therefore, I thank Miss Adaiah
McDonald for baptizing this
“so-called critic." Please don't
blame me for italicizing the “The
spirit of the concert itself was a
bit strange, though." line -— i
didn't; the printer did. Whether
I'm part of the “majority of
European-Americans who have no
deﬁnition . . . etc." I don‘t really
know; I will wager Miss McDonald
that l've logged more nights at the
Apollo (the home of Soul in
NYC) than she has. I've always
enjoyed/loved/gotten off on black
music; all kinds of black music —
Aretha, Muddy Waters, Rah“...
Roland Kirk, Miles, and so on. u'
can get a bit strange dealing with
some of the social aspects
surrounding some black music —
I've never been discriminated

 

against because of the color of my
skin (although I did wander thru
the South back in ’66 with freaky
hair — and let me tell you, that
was dangerousl), and I don't feel
any special closeness to any
particular group of people as
opposed to any particular other
group. But I noted most of these
things a few months back in in
Roland Kirk review, if Miss
McDonald will remember.

Her major, if unstated,
assumption is simply that no
white person is capable of
reviewing, or relating to black
music in general, or soul music in
particular. This is arrogant
nonsense. Ask some of the giants
of black music — ask Miles Davis
how much the white, Engligh
guitarist John McLaughlin added
to Miles' music: ask Wilson Pickett
how much white gui-
tarist/writer/arranger Stevo
Cropper added to Wilson's music,
or to the late Otis Reddlng's
music. Black music -— like all real
music, real art — is uniVersal. It
belongs to all of us: black artists
— including Aretha herself (whose
white collaborators on various
albums include English rock
guitarist Eric Clapton) —- would be
the first to tell you that.

 

 

p
Y

l-rOVE 9

DONNA,

  

W

BIRTHDAY
WALT 

 

gambles with bands in ‘

 

 

 

PAGE 16

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, APRIL 25. 1972

 

 

 

Superstar-More or Less

by Gary Riecardi

The performance of Jesus Chris!
Superstar Saturday night at the
Gym by the Old English Touring
Co. was loud and sentimental. 'l'hc
Touring Co. is made up of compe-
tent performers, musicians and
singers alike, however, their Inter-
pretation of Superstar was mis-
guided.

Christ was portrayed as a piti-
able and self-pitying man. Reset
upon by circumstances, incapable
of exercising control over his own
life, he stood much of the time
center stage with bowed shoulders
and a hang dog look on his face.

Judas was ll reptilian and cring.
ing character in this produclion.
Somctimcs whining, soIIIcliIncs
screeching, hc slithcrcd :Ind lcupcd
about the stage. wavcd his arms in
IlIc inr, and shook his lltlll' wildly
II was frenetic but disjoinlcd. I!
had the initial impact of speed

 

and energy, but Judas would
sometimes pause, wondering what
gyration to go through next. as
though he were just going through
one set piece of gymnastics after
another. Finally. lIc just confused
noise and InOVClIlClll with spiritual
crlSIS.

Mary Magdalen had a pleasant
voice but misused it. The lyric she
sings to Christ, “Let me try and
cool down your face a hit," slIc
screamed a! the top of her lungs. I
don‘t know why.

l’onlius Pillec, dressed in dark
bluc ill anI lighting, was appropri-
alcly nondcscripl; King llet'J was
played as II quccn wilh :I wholc
scncs of leIcnlypicle lnnnoscxuul

InzunIcrIsnIs. lI \vm blatantly scx-
Isl and pol IlIc lnppcxl :Ippluusc ol'
lllL' IIIglII

lllt‘ (iL'Illllll lelII Show pIoVI

dcd lhc symbolic backdrop for

YOUR UJHEGLS.

Tickets on sale in
Campus Center:

Lv. ALBANV-Fri.. l pan...87.60 one my
Ar. NEW YORK 1 psn..JiJ.60 mettrip

Mom, Wain-"42!” LII. NEW YORK—Sum, 4 pm...laame

Tau,Thur.-1011:ao Ar. ALBANY—

7pm priced

     

BUSES LEAVE direct from ADMINISTRATION CIRCLE
Your Greyhound student
agent can get you out at town
In a hurry on special service
or regular schedules with con-
nectlons to all America.

G GREYHOUND
ﬂ ...and leave the drIvIng to us.

STUDENT

 

the production. Repeatedly, por-
traits of Christ in the style of the
Baliimore Catechism were ﬂashed
on the wall. Thai style, if you're
not familiar with it, is insipid and
simpcring. Pictures of the cast

were also projected with the same r

affected expressions, inter-mixed
with pastel squares, triangles, and
tapestry-like designs. At one
point, even a picture postcard
scascapc (replete with lilies on an
over-hanging cliff) was used. The
whole effect was prclcntious.

The hand was much too loud,
but 2] good dcle of lllill can be
blunch on llIc bud acoustics in
lhc (ian. l’crlIzIps llIc amps were
tIIIIch up in compensation for
having It) May in a cszcrn. but
slIll, \lecncvcr slronp cInotIon was

lllt‘illll In bc shown, :IIIIIIInalIcully
lllt‘ volIIIIIc l)Ct‘tIlllC chIchIIng.
WlIcIIcch anpnlsli Mil/I‘d II soul,
lllill .IIIuIIIslI \vIIs cIIIIInIIInII‘IIII‘d
by :I \ili'lllllt'll |_\II« .III(! .I \lmlp
ll.\I' Ill sound. Iii-must- Hm! I\ :I

lilL‘llL‘ tlL‘VIL'L‘. IIII cosy way out, It
didn't usual! succccd.

 

 

 

iundud by student tax

':2- 4 pm ADMINISTRATION CIRCLE

With the exception of ii fcw

 

APRIL 29'

 

 

10llver Reed
originle songs not a purl of tho   

SIIpcerur recording. thc pIoduc-
lion was \chI received. BIII IIIc
'l'oInInp, (‘o. huh-d to do as well as
II could lIIIvc because llIc L‘llill‘ilC-
IcII/leIons wcrc onc diIncnsiquIl,
ilIc InusIc much too loud, and the
II i show was uninsired.

Oliver Reed returns to WMHT in
the role of tormented pre-
RIIplIIIclilc painter Dnnir- Gabriel
Romotli when Kcn Russell's film.
“Dante's Inferno" is presented as
the NET l’luyhousc Biography
Thursday, April 27 at 8:30 p.m.

. on Channel 17.

Rossetti, nn ltaliIIn who spent
most of his life in London, was a
poet as well Ilii a founder of the
“prc-Raphaclitc" school of paint-
ing - an offshoot of Milli-Century
romanticism. The title of the film
alludes to the private hcll which
Rossetti is depicted Ilii having suf-
fered, principally because of an
inner conﬂict he could never rc-
solve.

Although the prc-Itnplmclitcs
imparted puritIIn idculs to womcn
in their art, Rosactti's life away
from the canvas revealed a differ
ent nature. Despite his marriage to
Elizabeth Siddul, who had been
his model for lIundrcds of ideal-
ized portraits and his clmstc fian~
cec for 10 years, Rossetti contin-
ued having relationships with
other models.

Elizabeth '8 tlcnlh two yours after
her marriage to Rossetti filled the
artist with such grief and remorse
that be buried his manuscripts
with her body. Seven years later
he exhumed tlIc body and recov-
ered his poems. but not his peace
of mind. “0 spend his declining
yours shut. up in his Cliclscu homo,
addicted to alcohol Ill‘lil drugs.

Olivor lioI-Il cn-slIIrrcd with
(ilunrln .lIIcksun in Russell's
“Women in Lovv,” and he por-
trIIyed tlII- l'Vll liill Sykes in tin-
film version of "Oliver!" Appcur-
ing with liner! in “DIIntc‘s infor-
no" is JudiLlI l’uriu, who pluys
Elisabeth.

 

 

 

TRY SOMETHING NEW!!!”

DUMP THE LUMP

NONE OF US ARE GE'I'I‘ING OUR $380.00. WORTH OF SERVICES

AND ENJOYMENT OUT OF THE PRESENT ADMINISTRATION
OF THE SUNYA SA. GET RID OF THE BUR EAUCKATIC MENTALITY

VOTE PEOPLE’S PARTY FOR
CENTRAL COUNCIL 8, SA

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY. APRIL. 25, I972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

<.<—-——e—NuMIIINWWWWWb‘ILMV-Isvﬂit’ - >>“:>‘¢"

Pass}?

r‘ﬁ‘t'rlfi. ‘

 

