 

 

vieW/ arts/ pre view/ arts/ pre view/ arts
 News from Channel 17

 

.i..  ....... ,.,..t./. ..................‘ ..........i.

 

The Beach Boys will be here on Tuesday, November the 14‘”

University Singers

by Andy Palley

'I‘hc SUNYA University
Singers under the direction of
'I'amara Brooks gave their first
concert of the year Sunday
night. They performed a pro-
gram of mostly modern works
with the perfection of 1m utterly
professional chorus and the
enthusiasm that comes with the
enjoyment of one‘s music.
Nothing could be more
promising.

The difficulty of the program
was evident at every turn. The
Dvorak, though conventional by
anyone‘s standards, is difficult
to phrase, both lyrically and
dynamically. He wrote the
chorus like an organ. The basses
and sopranos must sound like
stops. It was both clean and
methodically polished. The
music has intrinsic charm, as
most of Dvorak's compositions
do, and the melodies Were sung
With a sense of intimacy which
only a fine chorus can do. If the
entire program Were as well-
rehearsed as this piece, we coulrl
call in Columbia Records and
ham» it pressed today.

The Bartok Songs Wen-as
well performed as Dvorak. and
presented another side of the
Bohemian character. The songs
had genuine emotion and
nationalistic ﬂavor, unlike the
heartwn-slcevc iiicetii-s of which
Dvorak was fund, And the inter
i-sling chats which Ms Brooks
interspersed throughout the
piece were a delectable change
from the usual shirt~and~tic at»
mosplii-re of iinportaiil
concerts.

The I'crsiclictli hl‘lf‘l‘lllill from
llic Winter (farilata war. a lasi'iu
il l'luli-

III.IIIIIII)iI, and women's chorui.

IIIIII” combination

Although the M>lllllgh ol the nix
llaiku which loruicil the text ul
IIII‘ wuik Wl‘ll‘ III‘iIlIy arranged
and IIII' writing for both lIII‘
flute and iniiriuilia
l'llfllllll'llllllllll', I always leave a
I'crsichclli concert feeling
cheated It Ih always lib iI there
In something more lliat
I'erniclietli could do with his
inalenal if he really tried in
notable exception was the

PII‘ﬂUns‘, (Joni.I by the University
Chorale last year). Personal
prejudice, I suppose, but I am
not awr-d by weird combin-
ations of sounds sci-mineg with-
out any organization. This is a
musical heresy unless I can
prove it, but that's for another
time.

The Debussy 'I'rois Chansons
dc Charlcs iI'Orli-ans was a work
of small proportions, but held a
multitude of enrichments, most
notably the voice of Claire
Willin, the alto soloist. Her
voice has a fluidity which is
rare, and, thank (Iod, she knows
where the pitches are.

The Bernstein arrangement of
his (,‘hichcster Psalms was cer-
tainly a fitting conclusion to the
program, 'l‘ainarii Brooks bi:ng
intimately connected With
Juilliard and so forth. It has all
of Bernstein's lovable little
cliches (the lowered, “bluesy”
'thirds and scvcnthsl, and it has
a profundity which is rare in all
twcntictIi-ccntury music. 'I'crri
Singer was adequate in her
solfalbcit a bit nervous), and the
organist played as drny as he
could (I think Bcriistiiin wanted
it this way, though I'm not siire
If I llki‘ ill And .Iim Burned

Taj Maha

 

30W Wind
Ensemble

Slur lliiivcisity ol New Yolk
u Albany llnivcisuy Wind l'n-
('liailcs Ilollo, ("oli-

\i‘lllllli‘
lllllllll, has .i IIL'IIIIIIIIiIIILL' on
Iliiiixday. Niivcnilici Ill, III the
I'ciluiiiniiiY Ails (‘cnlri M.uii
I Iic.i|ic at K Ill p III.

IIIl' lII'I' Illllil'Il Icahn-w Rulli
Mi I\cc, bassoon .iinl Ilclcn
lililiadclla piano. I'ioyiani Ingli-
lights iinliiilc (’owcll, "lilllc
liiiiicilii lllI I'I.iIiII iIIIII lliilill,"
I'Iiilips ”( IIIIil'II l'icic lui
llasxouiL' bliiivinsky, "( iiius
I'olkii.“ (.iaiiigci. “Spoon
Itivci.” ML'lIlll, “()vciluic III |',"
Illich/ Ilolsl, "I'ugiic ll la (iiguc,"
Strauss, “Iliiiiling I'olkii'," Wag-
iici, “Iluliligungsinaistli ,"
llcilior, “Riikoc/y Maistli," and
Slllltizttill, "Rilino Ioiiilo."

 

 

 

played the percussion as Well as
it could be played.

All in all, it was an evening
which shouldn't have been
missed (a few empty seats in the
house), and, for a chorus that
will be travr-ling to (,‘yprtis tycs,
Cyprus) this summer, they arc
off to an auspicious start. (iootl
Luck!

at Union

Union (follcgc is presenting in
concert 'l'aj Malial on November
If), H372 at Hill) in the Memorial
Chapel. Appearing with 'I‘uj will
be Spider John Koerncr. 'I‘ickets
will be ill‘ 50 for Union students
with I.D., and $3.00 for others
Tickets are available in Schen-
ectady at the Student Activities
Office at Union, in Alliain at,
Van Curlers on State Street, and
in Troy at the Music Shack on
Congress Street

  

  
     

 
      
  
 

    
    
      
     
    
      
       
         
      
 
     
      
   
 
 

 
     

Veteran journalist Martin Agronsky will provide Channel 17
viewers with a comprehensive look at the issues, Views and life styles
in Great Britain when the Eastern Educational Television Network
presents "Martin Agronsky: Evening Edition" in color, beginning
Monday night, November 20th and every night that week at 10:00
p.m.

Mr. Agronsky's taped discussions with British leaders and opinion
makers will involve the major issues confronting that nation today
and will seek as well to report on how the American people and
government look from London.

To begin Channel 17's week-long series on Monday, NOVembcr 20
at 10:00 p.m., Agronsky has been accorded the unusual opportunity
to interview Foreign Secretary (and 0nclime Prime Ministcr) Sir
Alec Douglas-Home in his historic Whitehall office. This (in-location
meeting will provide the American audience a rare opportunity to
see this placv where so much history has been made Sir All-c will
discuss his govr-riimciit,'s View of the United States, Europe and the
world.

On 'I'ut-sday. November Lil at Ill.llll pm the program Will explori-
the Iriin crisis Agrousliy Will talk with William Wlllll‘lllW, Iliitlsh
Secretary of Slate for Northern Iii-land, .Iolin Iluine, l‘atholii-
nioderalc, and Brian Faulkner, former Prime Minister ol Nothi-rii
Ireland.

For the third program in this series, telecast Vl’cdiiesilay, Novvmlii-r
2'1 at 10:00 p.m., I'ZVcnuig Edition will focus on the American
commitment to the security of Western Europe. The Britiin Defense
Ministci, his Labor (shadow) cabinet opposite number, and :i
dist: guishcd llahur peer and journalist will examine lIic US. role Ill
NA'I (J, Participating Will be Lord (farrington, Conservative Secretary
of State for Defense, Dennis Ilcalcy, Labor Secretary of State for
Defense and former Labor Minister of Defensc, Lord (Ihalfont

The subject of Thursday night's program, the enormous influx iiilo
Britain of Asians expelled in September from Uganda, is' an cprosIVc
political ISSLH‘ in Britain. Agronsky Will examine the serious racial,
social, and economic pressures brought into being by this problem
Ilis scheduled guests are the Home Secretary, Robert (,‘arr, a
Ugandan immigrant, and an opponent of immigration

li‘inally, Friday, November 24 at |():l)l) p.m., Evening Edition Will
deal with American and British values, policies and character as seen
through the eyes of si-Veral young activists from both the Liberal and
Conservatch I’artics who, with the President. of Oxford Union, Wlll
discuss America. Manurer

Basil Rathboiic solves tlic super-crime of the century this Friday,
Novvmbcr l0 at l0:1l0 p.m. on WMlI’I‘lChaiincl 1?. Starring as
Sherlock Holmes, Rathhonc is joined by Nigel Bruce as Dr Watson
and Ida Lupino, who portrays Ann Brandon, a young woman
marked for a horrible murder

“'I‘lic Adventures of Sherlock IIolmcs,' which can also be sccii on
Sunday, November 12 at 5:00 p.m., pits llolmcs against his arch
enemy, the master criminal Moriarty. ’l‘hc fiend is acquitted of
murder because he has a false alibi, despite contrary cvidcncc from
Sherlock Ilolmcs. Upon his release, Moriarty warns IIoImi-s'thal he
intends to accomplish the super crime of the century!

Moriarly's target is the “Star of Delhi," a fabulous emerald. At thc
same time the jewel is threatened, so is the life of Ann Brandon and
her brother. Holmes is caught between the two crimes. The rcsults'.‘
Tune in Channel 17's “Movrc of the Week" and find out!

“The Movie of the Week" is a program acqutsition of WMII’I‘l
Channel 17 which is made possible by membership donations to the
station.

##‘(4K‘lﬁﬁ‘

'I'he Marx Brothcrs star Ill “Love Happy," a zany comedy film, this
Friday, NUVI‘IYIIH‘I‘ 24 at 10:30 p.m. over WMII'I‘lChanncl l7

(Iroucho, (lhicu and Ilarpo arc members of a poverty stricken
acting truupi- who are suddenly plunged into the midst of a search
for stolen treasure.

“Low IIappy" boasts “the finest chase III thirty years of movu-
making," according to a contemporary rcvu-wcr In Life magamnc

'I'hi- Marx Brothers' classic Will also be telecast on h'unday,
Now-mbcr Zli at h‘llll p.m. over WMII'I'll'Iiiinncl I7

"Love Ilappy" is one of the series of movn-s broadcast each Friday
night and Sunday afternoon on (IIIIIIIIH‘I I7 The film series is made
possible by membership donations to WMII'I‘ by people throughout
the Channel 17 broadcmrt community.

 

 

 

 

 

,________.
PEACE & POLITKB
________.._.__.

Inform drafrsas and enlistees of
thaIr rights and alternatives by han-
ding out information leaflets at the
Albany Induction Center. Help those
who otherwise would not be lnlor£,,
med. Call Jlm 463-2593.

.....

Sanford Hosenblurn, Student A:-
saclarlun Lawyer will be available III
the SA office, CC 346 from 7 9 p m.
on Tuesday night.

MAJORS i3: MINORS

Anyone interested in participating
in the Albany Law School Court
Program as a spectator or a iuror on
Wednesday, Nov. 15 call Mitch Moi
ris at 457-3075 for information or to
sign up. Sponsored by ilie I’ll)",le
Society.

.....

Ten more students needixl loi
Community Service work at Albany
Mad.

. . . . .

Alieiiiion Community Spry/ca

Students] Time IS IllIlIIlIIl] shot 1. Yr ui

must lllIHllll ll nioup evaluation 
siun before yuii H‘tlllVl‘ IIIIIIII lo:
you! semester's wuir. (it'l theii-l l ill
information call [lb/A480].

. . .

 

There will be a Prycholagy Happy
Hour at the Sllo Tavern on Frlday,
Nov. 10 at 4:00 p.m. All students
and faculty are Invited!

Student teachers will tell it like It Is
on Nov. 14 at 7.30 p.m. in the
Physics building room 129 (Physics
Lounge). All interested in hearing
about education, the good and the
bad, should come. Sponsored by
student NYSTA.

Attn. all Psych students! The
Undergraduate Psych Association
‘” is available in SS 217. It's
your only chalice to find out what’s
happening'

. . . . .

Woman’s Stud/es Courses lor Spring
'12 HIS I56— Women in European
HISIUIV, CLC 3IO’WUIIIHII in Ann
lllllly. ENG 313" Women in Modem
Lil l’ZSectionsl

u...

Aiimiiiun Community Service slu-
denis. Ileiiiwaiiuii WlII be extended
\llllll Illl‘ I'llli III (In! llllilllll, lo
'“lll'Hl'l lIlIIII‘ Hi If‘li 'IIIA I)I ItIII
rllll /IIIlIl Iiu-ii- .lll' more positions

lelliillll' lli' Ilio-a- llil'll'ﬁllltl lIl
ll‘iyll‘lill'll will, wmluui Willi IllI'
iiwiuiuiu-ii  til...“ mum. u-
nl'lnrli, Apply Mm. Illl'Il‘ .Ill' many
itillvilliilillll“, lui yiui to I lie iilvaii
Imp-lit

INTERESTED "FOEK

Game’s Tournament: Men's and
women's bowling, bridge, table ten-
nls, chess, blllIards, trap and skeet.
Winners represent Albany In regional
college ACU-l Tourney. Must slgn up
In CC 356 by Nov. 15.

.....

Seniors You must return your
portrait proof: to Delmar Studios by
Friday, Nov. ID. If there are any
problems with your proofs, please
call John Chow at 457-2116 im
mediaiely.

Bernard F. Connors, a tormer FBI
agent and author of the highly suc-
cessful suspense novel, Dan’f Em-
barass the Bureau, will speak at
lltllllh‘lllllS Bleecker Library on Wed-
nesday, November lb, ill 8 p.m, Hi5
pioursiin is one of several Evenings
with Authors spoosoied throughout

IIlI‘ yeiii by the lliiaids ol the
Albany Pllllllt Lilnaly.
.....

Resident Anisranrships '73-'74. A
general interest meeting Will be held
in LC 7 on Sunday, Nov 12 at 7 out
Attendance at this meeting IS man-
datory loi (Ill applicants It should
also be noted that applicants must he
til at least Junior status for llii.l
III 'M iIlTiIIIl’IlIIt year and a l llIIIlllll
I'll) ‘.|Inlolil .ii t-lllNYA

  

Woman: Learn talfidcfonsa and
luda for academic and/or gym credit.
During ore-registration pull the Judo
Club's Sport’s Club card. New mem-
bers are now being accepted. Come
and visit us Tuesdays 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
3rd floor in the gym.

.....

Gamers/Photography Club will have
a meeting Nov. 12 in the Fireside
Lounge at 2 pm. All those wishing to
yum are invited. Instruction available
for those willi no experience. Exhibi-
tion Will he discussed.

.....

Di J Mayo Greenberg will give a
leciiire entitled Between the Stars:
Life in Space and Interstellar Pollu-
lion, on Monday, November 13 at
II It) a III. in l..C 25 to which all
Illi'llllhfl‘. of the UIIIVHISIIV Com
ininiity are welcome

u..-

llieie is coed volleyball cvmy Wed
liesdiiv oveiiinn .il / (It) I) in in Gym
(j IIIIIII] .i found

A Commuter 0mm! Council Hep
wlll be In the Central Council office
in CC 346 on Monday from 1-3 and
Frldav from 1011. More tlmes will
be announced. The phone number is
457-6543.

to...

Come to the Physlcs Bulldan
Lounge at 7 p.m., Friday and hear
how Jesus Christ has changed the
lives of many students here at Albany
State. AII are welcome. Sponsored by
Inrarvar/s/ry Christian Fellowsh/p.

.....

There will be an organizatlonal
meeting Ior the hreenak backward:
club on Nov. 20 in the Supmac
Fletnet Moor 1 lab.

.....

The Comm/tree for Soviet Jewry is
looking for a visual representation of
freedom in be shown on a poster.
I’VIHVUIHE IS invited to submit ideas
by Nov. 20, The Iinal choice will be
made inio a poster and be available
for sale as a nerlect gift for anyone,
Ioi information and to contribute

, ‘ .. _ - ‘ i . f‘luiii-uis i. III II : «.I it ii. '.I ----'
S [21. (PZChalf-gy Dip: f-IILl‘I/ly    m) In." “I 'II' ‘3‘" [SIC/"1'" "‘ ' V I"; your idea, please call Robin at
a, (we [on W . ., , , .—~—_.— i ' i f ‘ii i‘ W sitiiir - ~
ru I  I I i u u ‘a "W 4| ” In”. ‘ V H1988 or Sue at 7-5293.
"NW" NUV' 1“ 5’) 'l'm' m “H “‘1’ llwdlldd/iric lily ,vulli-m, l lilltlll ‘ l A I "“"l'”'"‘v l'“ “llV. 'ilt'll' Fly (0 ""'
lice lulu-sliilioill‘. will 'i-ii-  mi wll M CW. L Hle ml ‘1‘ “WWW/“m Europe ltil (laminar. New Ytilk Zen Workshop on methods and
all? lIIVIIl'lI to attend. null-w ' ~l Ii. wad”; ,I‘W I, “WM”! WU ,IMWPIM Ema/[pass lil‘llii'lll l I ill-u and in l‘.ni3 New ruii. lll'i, J'Han II. plat “(0 ill [on Buddhism, Sal. Nu“
enthuse; iillll lllllllfllllrlll. I'm l.  N, H} H“ “M NH WWW ‘ li‘ltpiliiiIlJl content I II » _.i.- .wml TIL’LJIJIII I W /\ Slui- Mm. Siclli-s In Him“ 518.284.2570,
wanton“. Mm, “WNW, H WU .illum-r. Ill  llI. -----
 ..... T .4 . IAJ- . I, The

 

" Come to

Hi

lip ‘1

7 ‘/

   
 

. . v  "L?"

/.

 

HENWAY’S

\_ .5 Trent 8:

/ Beer, extras...$.50 cover

I Promise A Good Time For All!’.’

Dance with
'Dwyer,
Read,

" Zehler’

 

CHAN;

» in

     

 

 

  
    

 

 

 

 

THE BEACH or

ov. 4 9 pm
Theater

4.5 w/tox & |.D. $6.50 w/I.D.

UCB presents

Palace

 

 

 

funded by )llldulll tax

Iii-.1 iniiodui Iuiy lecture for SUNY In
‘/2 will In! ii spiel iul l)lIG,..Cllr’IIlI!§

Innailiue, fl'lllllllill iuorrliiiutul u
VIMS III, the I ilSll‘lll USA has been
niviiml [ll simul- oii IM, Mom, Nov.

1.1, it Ill) p.m. Ill CC Asscirilily Ilall.

.....

lapnol District Gay Community
Council .iniiuunius ll‘i IIISI general
nioctnii] iii Cliiiiuiiiin Hall on Sunday,
Nov. l21li rII ill) p.m. All illl‘
Wl‘ll lllIIl'.

.....

Ur. I'liivnl Bueile Will speak on the
milk of the State Commission of
Water Supply for southeast New
Yolk, this Monday, Nov. 13th at
/ lll p.m. Ill CC (Hi). the. lecture I5
min-n to [NH piililii and sponsored by
iiw lil‘llillilllllv (Slob,

n...

llu- I‘iliiany Cliiioiei ol the Cuucu:
for Women's Rights at SUNY Will
hold a llll‘l‘lllll) on Wednesday, Nov.
I‘i, IIIIIII II lliimii, III I? 45} i),lii, Ill
llll Will. Items on the agenda IIII Iude.
illllilllllillllill and activities of the
‘.I.iii~vudi- (opium, li'iniltt, Iium Illt‘
lilllllllIIII'I' on Women's fjluilluti illltl
I'.iii iiiiie l‘lll'llllyllilllll, iiussililc lli»
tlllllll‘JIII'II .iuiiiust rvuniieii iii Illl‘

Hum-p.in I'iaiieiiiiuii Ulliie. .‘Eiu-

III‘III‘i, liiiully, IIIIIII".§IUII(II§, liiiiui

lllll‘. .iiiil iiuii-incuiliuis are invited Ill
.iiii-uii .iII HI [hill ol the mention],
. . . . .
[here will ire .. Squle Dance I u
it.” , Nm, lll III\’I'I| l)y Indra/i Ound Ill
Illl' II I i l.i.l,.- .II N llll. Iliieii- v‘llll lu-

IIIII‘I .ilmi-u, s immii 'iilltl, »\ii
llll'ifililll i' 'll‘i' Willi liiiliau (linill \ .ilil
.lllll 1.9“, .‘vlll out.

\\

N

:/L,'

\\\\\

“VI-Wing}


.oooooooouo-oooooocoo
LARGE NATIONAL:
. COMPANY SEEKS ()NE
ARI-IA REPRESENTA-
TIVE. SALARY ()I’ILN.
SENIOR ()R POST-
GRADUATE STUDENT
PREFERRED.

CON'I'ACI‘ ROBERT
: WENGER- 489-4300.

.IQIIOUUIOIIIOOOOOOOO

t/ -:

  

 

 

 

.C.............
OOQOOOOOOIOOCOIOOOOO

  

 

 

 

PAGE 6A

   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1972

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7A

   
   

‘ we 

   
     
  
  
    
    
  
  

«s-_V.._—~.,¢

  

  
  
  
    
  
  
   
    
     
    
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
   
 
   
   
     
      
       
    
   
     
  
  
   
    

       
         
       
         
        
           
     
    
 

  

      
 
   
    

  

            
   
     

   

   
     
  
 

   

 
 
 
  
   
 
  
     
    

 

   

 

  

     

