 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wm; y... via-s», A

wsus 
0n the Right Hand Side of. the Page

show for ,Spanish speaking stu-
dents, a jazz mow, and and an
oldies reqlfeat show for the stu-
dents who want to hear the songs
that were popular years ago. We
also broddcaat ‘ news ,veyery hour
from either our own news staff or-
ABC and have three special dis-
cussion shows for news events and
items of in terest.

We hope that this letter has

v

 
 

pletely separate from the News
I ' Department and regular news-
ln a recent article, .by .Vicki, casts.
Zeldr n in the April 13 issue of the It is the ultimat‘egoui otwsua
Albany Student Press, it was stu- News to provide the latest, up-toP
ted that you accused WSUA of date news which is relevant to our
claiming to be a “leftist” news listening audience, the students at
medium. whish is funded by the Albany State. Each news reporter
mandatory student activities fee gathers his news principally from
of the Student Association of the United Press International and the
State University of New York at American Broadcasting Company.

Dear Senator Schermerhorn,

   

   

   

 

 

Legislators Ignore The Pot Calls

 

...~..n...~ .,... ._._—-. ....,s..,u,,_w,1ﬂm,

._ wwmw.“ useﬂﬂgﬂﬂﬂw

 

l”
3  I . 7
       - Albany. We would like to clarify Lately, we have devoted much cleared up any questions that you
l. r . T I V some points of which you might effort to cover the putsenion of may have had about the news
} : f’ 1'" Ell-“0r! not be aware. the State Legislature in much of which is used on WSUA. If you
' i. - . . . First. we believe that your what oes on there directl affects w nt to eak to us further feel'
’ In reading the lead article in the against Mr Lam ert are mere . g y a up
After some two hours of blustery debate, the Now Yiiil ASP dated 11 April about the covers for his owiilslovenliness in Charge was based on Durhadzemse' the “Udems here' we cry to ‘0 {new call' 1'
i g , ‘ . . . . . t ' s i ' ' ' .
state Senate Passcd a bl” Friday that could virumllv ‘1‘“ H phone refunds, several thoughts dealing With his posrtion. Al. T‘anAI: wag fl”: hw if “my: dummy to the sources or news Dave GAlletiy. News Director
‘ . ‘ . ' ‘ entered my mind. Since when though all were invited back to S r 0i]. L e.ei an Che o 5.4.)“, any] never broaden. any Littleton H. Smith ll.
all student activities. The measure would forbid sriijlwp does a student get away with the bench this year only three of your dml' Th” '8 Specmcany "mm Whmh was relayed to us by ii Station Maria er
' word-of—mouth. For example. in g

'NEWSDAY '
MM ,
Ti... 5, v

 

   

 

 

/T COULD BE WOPSE; J3. — THEY M/GHT HAVE PECALLED
423,000 OF OUR ADVEP775/A/6- COPYWA’ITERS/ I

Media Power Ploy Fails

Commentary by
Barbara H. Will

The SUNYA strike was a failure.
It aroused no screaming horde of
supporters, it provided no core
group for future actions, it uniﬁed
no factions, and it attracted little
attention while it merited still
less. On the positive side of the
ledger, the strike freed students
for a long weekend should they
have desired it.

The facts speak alone. Despite
the frenzied speeches of the strike
instigators, rallies and meetings
remained cool. and the turn-out
was never that fantastic. More
students vocally opposed the
strike than previously, and the
seeds for some form of an or
ganized opposition anti-strike
posters, editorials, speeches - ap-
peared by Friday. Even when the
strike leaders broadened their
areas of protest to include racism
and sexism, student support sim-
ply did not materialize. And the
actual march downtown drew a
crowd liberally estimated at 400
out of a campus population of
14,000.

To live on the Albany State
campus, however, one would
never realize what a failure the
strike had been. Why? Because the
small group of students who parti-
cipated in the march is the name
minority which makes up Central
Council and the staffs of the ASP
and WSUA. And in the ﬁne tradi-

tion of yellow joumallam, these
people try to create student

opinion rather than report it.

Central Council, self-acclaimed
voice of the student body, issued
a position statement in favor of
the strike. However, in the debate
proceeding the vote, it became
apparent that two types of posi-
tion statements were possible: the
position of Central Council as a
group of individuals or the posi-
tion of Central Council as the
representative of the student
body. The position statement of
Thursday night was of the first
category, but the implication of
Central Council - sis - student
opinion was nevur crradicutcrl.
There isn't much doubt over the
political opinion of ii Central
Council who throws money to
liberal causes as thoughtlessly as
children to it dancing monkey, so
the position statement wasn't
really necessary. But in a very rciil
way, it was, for it told the student
body how they should feel about
the strike.

The ASP also did ii remarkably
fine job of informing the student
population how to think by
reporting the strike as though it
were the most important thing
ever to occur on campus and by
neglecting to mention the actual
number of SUNYA students parti‘
cipating in it. thus giving the
impression of universal solidarity.
When questioned, they rctorted
that it was their “duty” to report
student activities. a position they
certainly didn’t express earlier this
semester when they initially re-
fused to publish any news of the
Telethon which involved manv

times the number of students par-
ticipating in the strike. Inciden-
tally, they also failed to report the
on‘campus speech of United
States Congressman Peter Peyser
Thursday night, in which he sup-
ported Prcsidcni Nixon’s actions
in Vict Nam.

By emphasizing llll' strike way
out of proportion to campus in»
tcrcst or involvr-menl, the ASP
tried to force student acceptance
of it. it is it credit to tho studcnl
population that so many trusted
their own lllllll’pr‘lilllOll of the
campus mood and did not fall for
the power ploy of the ASP.

WSUA, by comparison, did lit-
lie, but it really didn't have thr-
snme limitless opportunities as the
iii-wspiipcr. ’l‘hi-y cow-rod llll'
strike With the some thoroughness
as u l't'pulilblt' station would lli’IVt‘
the sparse program, lhcy managed
to givu the illusion of grant slu-
(li-nt support, but the actual luck
of student participation eventu‘
iilly forced their coverage to
bucklci Thc blillf i-ditorizil, of
course, favored the strike,

Despite the efforts of campus
media to create student opinion
instead of report it, and those of
Central Council to iiiﬂucncc stu-
dent opinion ruthcr than rcflecl it,
the SUNYA strike was ii fiasco. It
is to be hoped that this dismal
failure will occasion more respon-
sible actions on the pan of our
communications media iuid Ccn-
trul Council, for then thl‘ strike
will have had iil. least one positive
result which truly is in accordance
with the student bodv.

governments of state universities the power to ciilliii
mandatory tax fees from students - now done on lll.lll‘.
SUNY campuses. By all accounts, the debate was 2i primi-
example ofdemocracy in action as practiced by the Allmm

lawmakers.

Vast and Sundry Subversion

The Senate vote was dangerous because it was a flair mm
a repressive reaction to campus politics that C0ll¥t'l‘\'il[1\‘i‘
lawmakch resent and cannot understand. The bill's spniiwi.
Richard E. Schcrmcrhorn, zcrocd in on the Albany Sini-
campus and the various “pornographic”, “vulgar” illil
“leftist” pubiications that are funded by the siiiili-iiv
government hcrc. Mr. Schcrmerhorn’s vast array of SilllilH.
subversive items included copies of the Albany Student
HessSweetfi're, and an ad from WSUA which PI’ULlillllli'tl
that it was “on the left hand side of the dial". All in .lll. u
was 21 classic performance that would have bccn tlillllini it

not for the chilling political implications.

Killing the Tax would Radicalizc

in its effort to stich the campus media, [hc li-gi~.|.ii ii»

failed to rczilizc that the mandatory [ax also funds .i \.lllt’l\
of other itcms that run the gamut fromconcci‘h .iHil
intercollegiate athletics, to recreational, artistic and ( lllliil ll
cvcnts. Thus, killing mandzin'iry tax would crippln an
zissortiiicnt of other popular program items and. llllllliilll'xv
thc cfl'cci would no doubt liiivc man (if .i l‘.ILlli.ill/llig
milucncc on the student body than thc “lcfiixi” i-mij‘h-

publications could cvcr hope for.
The Students' Right to Tax

And. .I\ .in incidciitiil t'iillllllt‘lll. tlici'c was .i |1l||lm~|"‘ ‘

question involved that [he Sciiiiiors. glimrmd nwl‘: \\ ll-I' 
Lliit's illilf body ll.l\'t' iii riilx'L‘ :iwiiy [llt‘ illnlcnts' light iH ‘:
Ihcmsclvvs? Silltlclils on this campus Villt‘tl Hi .i Ii'li‘li “‘l "
li|\l war in lll.Il\l‘ lliL' lax mandatory, and lllt‘ Srimli' I

Inn iii.iili- .i llliit kci'y oi (hut ilcnioi'rnili |‘I'Iv\' " I
lll\\'ll)ll\ conclusion is lll.ll thc sinic lcgislniurc is ill l.I\“|
\lil(lt"_‘l LlCllltit’l'ile only \Vllt'll thc ranks are in lllL'ii hi."
‘l'hc incl [hill llll' ln'gislntors suiiiiiinrily iimk .I\\-I\ ’
sllitlL‘Illh- right in six and (lispcrsc rhcir iiinnim .n 0'”

lll ix .iii outrage.

Sonic ol the Worst N ‘illlth‘l‘lllillS

NCNHC‘“ m SJ)" “’0 lilipc this bill (lUL'N nui lll.il\l H
[hmuhl‘ [he Asxcmhly, which is the iii-xi stop iiii i'll.l\lll|il’
“NH lélw. Thc hith Sciiiitc :ictiim only l'L' ciiliiiii-s .I \lllili'il‘
.vulw that W“ vcrb‘m'M‘ll UII [llt' Si‘nnic lliiiii' l“llll.l\ l\\
I‘I‘mnils L41Vt'rnc, chairman of ihc Sciintc liduisriiiii ('wnl
lllitli-c. Liivcriic told his colleagues: "'l'liL-y (hnulpmy IL”.
got a judgment of us .is sonic of the worst llL'illltlt‘l'lllJl'w ”

l‘fldily .5 Senate Vote lllilkt‘h It Easy to sue why.

making suggestions of such a na-

the Judges previously appointed

his high-handed moves to stiﬂe
student initiative in budgeting and
spending a mandatory tax, as effectively,
exists on our campus, with stiff

student concerns in order to in-

ture to the Chancellor and see by the President affirmatively re-
thcm carried out? Especially after spondi-d in correspondence over
the summer. Yet, the Court has
no set quorum and could have run

come

Judge was so concerned, with just
BUidEIlnes. ll SEPmS Odd indet'd those three judges. This in itself
that any student could have that disproves
much influence. Yet it hus bl" Lampcrt has tried to impede the
apparent thut MlCth‘l operation of the Court. Further-
Lampcrt does havo that kind of more, Mr, Sli'phen does not seem
influence and is sccu again voicing to value the verbal contacts that
Wl'l'l' made, some half-dozen or so

referring to the fact that WSUA at
640 khz. is on the left hand side
of the dial. We feel that chelfire
is ii newspaper which is mainly
read by students with a “left
wing" viewpoint and we think
that the ad entices these students
to listen to the station at least
once. if you notice our ad in the

Albany Student Press we use
the slogan “serving the university
community," which is meant to
appeal to il wider audience than
.S'ii'i'i'i/‘iri' since the piipcr is read
by a wider nudicncc.

recent weeks we have spoken with

l

" I
such people as Albany's Mayor ’I  "Thank"
Corning, State Senators Gordon  ,
and Donovan, and Assemblymcn “7'9 "'9 Ed'w"
Halley, Lichter. and Stein. We " The brothers of Beta Phi Sigma
usually cover some of Governor {would like to thank those members
Rockefeller‘s press conferences 1 of the university community who
and always broadcast major ad- , gave so generously to our cam-
dresses by President Nixon. Vi paign for the March of Dimes. On

We realize that we are funded by April 18 and 19, our pledges were

ii mandatory student tax so we try able to collect $163.00, far be-
to program to as many people as yond our original hopes. The
poH‘blc. Our regular programs are March of Dimes will put this
has i on what we think the over money into the fight to conquer

 

crcnsc studan integrity and give
lho students of the Stiitc Univer-
sity some recognition at llw
highest level of the ilflnlllllsll‘il'
llllll

l l'i-i-l the iillcgiilions lllilfll‘
against Mr. Liimpvrl in line ASP
ill'llL‘lt‘H (if 2~i and 2H Mzircli l'f'l)|‘i‘-
soul in r-uch the author's fruslrir
lion iil his own inability to act
effectively as the person they
Iamliiist. Mr. Gerber, for example,
Cllmpllllnt‘fl about the President's
inability Iii ciimmuniciitrI and luck
iii“ Sensitivity to student needs.
Yet i could find only ("11‘ hill
sponsurml by him in Central
(‘iinm'il iill Vi-zir, illlll thiii irwri-ly
vnim-il support of ill) Anti-war
(loiil'i-ri-ncc in Now York (lily ll
seems l’illllt‘l‘ hypocritical iliiii lli'
should (‘lilllll that anyone is not
fighting for the students wlii-n in-
has done almost nothing

In lllt‘ ciisiv of Mr Sli-plivn, llii-
I'iirini-i' (lliivl' Judge of llli‘ Hu-
pri-mi- (illlll‘l, ll liiis l)1‘(‘llnll‘ oli-
viiius lo me that his iilli-gzilions

with him and llll‘ other judges,
urging Llii-m to meat. I can pi-r-
soniilly attest to l’roiiidi-nl
Liimpvrl's fi'usiriiliun ill the luck
of initiative of “11' Court, and in
piiriiculiir wiili its Chief illlflﬂl'.
Conscquvnlly, i can only view
Cari Stephen's accusations us an
iiitcnipl ll) save his own l'ncc by
slundcring Mr lizllllpi'i‘l.

As for [lll' comments nnidc by
Robert Filmllilnl, i will l)t‘ iiblc to
take any comments made by him
seriously only when he has done
Mimi-thing for .‘i'tHlll’Ulll‘ other than
RlllN’l‘l Familiilil

()vi-rzill, Micliiii-l Liiiiipi-rl liiis
done more iii 010 lost your iii
impriivc ilii- sludi-nts' position on
this campus and gel the complex
organization of Sludi-nl Assoriii»
tion in rim smoothly than any
previous l'i'csidi-nl ltiitlii-i‘ lllill‘l
iiltzicking ivlr Lanipi-i'i, llli'Sl‘ indi-
viduals should he (‘Ullt‘l‘l'lll'fl Wllll
llll'll' on ii pi-rforinnnri-s

li’iilii-i‘l ('nlr'

The Kettle Calls
The Pot Back ?

I'n lflt‘ fill/iii

iiiii- Wisdom in i-li-ci such it lliilll l
:ini liziril put it) l'i'l'illl t'\'('ll ()llt'

l iliimili'lily i-iiii\‘i-il I'I'illllll‘ _ I
L ' ' L (lll‘t‘f'l i'l‘llll'lhlll iii the l’i‘i-siiliriii s

Mi'iliii ('iiiii‘illiiiiiiii' 'l'iim ('Iiiigiiii's ,
pt'l'lill'lllillll‘i‘ llui llll'll iigiiiii, how

Il't‘l'lll l'illllllllllllt'dllllll ii-gzii‘ililig

t'itlllfl \lll‘ll 1| llliill i-i'i"'

,‘i . i.-; . S, l"'.lll‘|ll .
AM """w “I \ I” ‘ No“ what :ilioul i\l|‘ lliiigiiiis

l.;iiii|ii~ii l loiniil i'\li l‘liiigiin's

(li-I'i-iisi- iii'.ii'i'iis;iliiiiis ll|.|l lii- \\'.l\

"l..‘iiiipi-il's iii;iii' in. List wines
iii-iiunii‘ly

li-i"s .v\Hl' l'ifllllll'

.iuiiisiiig l llllllli .I ||‘\|l'\\ iil .i fi‘w
l'.ii-l:. i'i-gniilliig llll'\l' "i'IilIi'iiliuls
.illi-gnlliiiix” l.|\ Mi ('Iiiigmi Iiiiis
ill \\'lll illiisiinli- llll‘ Iiiiiiiiii‘ l‘llll
i.iiiii-il ||l ~|Illll' ul liis sl.iii-iiii-iil\

i'liiignii llilllll\ Ulll [lli‘ "Iii-ii iii'
I|iii~i-" iii llll' ill'lli'll‘\ in (his

\i'llll'hlt‘l“ AHl' \U'Ii‘ |'|‘|li(‘.ll

.\li l.illll|)l‘ll, iii l;ii-i \Illlll' \"l'l'i‘

iil

i'i-liilliiiixliiii \\‘llll llli' I’i'i-siili-iii
'l'lii- iiili ol llil‘lllil i'illll‘lllllilltll‘
I'I'lllillllt‘fl iiiil'iIIi-il for ii” iii lilhl
\l‘lll|‘.\l1'l’ilt'\])|li‘ Ilii- lili‘l lll'ill‘l) .ill
iillii-i I'UllllllllﬂlillN Wi-i'i- :ip
Iiiiiiiii'il .Il llli‘ |ii>gi|i|iiiig iii llll‘
l'.ill wiiii-xli-i Yi _ u'hi-ii M.
Human li-Ii il.\ ASI’ l-Iiliiiii, llli' iii].
iil’ llll'lllil i‘iiui‘ilniniiii‘ \viis lilli-il
llllllll'lllilli‘lV ll\ liiiii 'l'lii- iiiiiii-
(“\Hlt’rll :iniiiiig us iiiiglil .iiliiliiili-
lliis \t'illll‘lll'l‘ iil i‘\'l'lll.\ lii iiiiiii-

lllilll \llt't'l i'iillii‘iilviii'v lll’ i'ltlll'hf‘

l'\l'|| "ii-l l..iiii|ii-I'l” .ii'iii'lvs lli- .l I I H l I l
i “'l‘ “‘1!” Htlll Ull lil iillll it'l'
no. .Illilgt's llI.i| iiii- Ahl’ is I l '
.. iiiil l |iiig.iii l|\’i' lll llii- hilllli‘ \lllll'.
“lii.isi-il .ig.iiii.\l Mi l..‘llll|li‘|’l

\Vi-II, llll‘ AHI’ i'i-i'iiiiiili' iliilii'l
(min [but ilii'i- iiiiiliiily liisl

\ll l'l'i-i

li.i1'.~ ll'l'l'll'Villll
l"iim||\, ll .ilijii-eii". lllill while

his \l'llll‘Nlt'l'ls i-iivi-i‘iigi- iii l'll'hl’

\l'llll'hlt'l’ Williinil i-xuniiiiing llii' rli'lll liilllllll'll LN iif il (Ii-i'iili'illl'

“li‘l'lh‘ "1 M" l'“”'“"” “ ""1"" lllli'\‘i'll illlillll), l-lhl al‘llll‘lill‘l s \iiis

pi-il'iii‘iiiniii'c. .iii i-suniiiiiiiiiiii ll‘ d ‘Nlmm Mm“ In!)
List wiiii-sli-r's AHI' \«iiulil lllllll'illl'
lllill HI'NYA was li‘ul\ lili-ssi-(l lo

li.ivi- MI l.iinipi-i'l ln furl, if was

Sci-0nd. WSUA Ni-ws prides it- iigi- listener Willlls in hour. We also
self in attempting to he as impiir- have special
llill as lxﬂiilﬂc. We llilV(' il dcfinitv should appeal in those students
policy of no crlitoriiilizntion dur- who liiiVi- special interests. For
ing newscasts. Editorial policy of csuniplc we liiivc ii cliissit‘iil show,
ihcsluiion is the rcsponsibiliiy of ii night of Soul music for the
the Station Manager and is coin- “lill‘kS on 'iimpus, 2i Latin-Soul

 

Siiii'i-ri'ly.

birth defects. 'l‘o llll who gave, we
programs which again extend our warmest thanks.
Because of people like you, ii
child may find if alitlle bit easier
in smile.

Cllut‘lff‘ Comer/0rd
pli-dgi'maslcr, BPS
,7‘

Yippie with GOP

"Ohio". Afti-r "Ohio", i went up and shook hands
with tho buss player and slipped him ii joint. Then
lht‘ band took ii break and thc reiil entertainment
came out. Two old Banjo players and a tap dancer.
II was ii reiil freak show and Lht‘ tup dancer even
(liincod on his hands. Olht'i‘ timcs he topped danced
iimurid the party carrying a “sing-iilong" sign during
songs like "'l‘nkc mi- out to the Ballgame", Not
many people were singing, but I was so high I just

I llil)!|)t'll to work down at the capitol ill. ii typical
lil‘llllllllcllll feather-bedding job. Both of my parents
ill‘l‘ I’t'ulﬁli‘l‘l'fl Republicans. i only lower myself to
work lllt'l‘l‘ for the broad and the fun of goofing
iii'ounil. Anyway, ii 70 your old secretary, ll grand-
mother iypi' and ii good friend of mine, Iiiid two $3
tickets on me for (I big ri-publicun fund raising
party. I is dri'sscd pri-ily good except for my
sneakers ll 1 lllilflt' my old liidy put on ii dross. WI‘
gol l'l'lll high on it joinl “tliiit could get :in (‘ll'pllill'll haul in sing
off" illltl wc wcnl info “‘1' Di-Witt (llinliin Billll‘tlflnl. High Points of the Evening
Finn-y as Shit. Big chandeliers and :i wall of just Al the card games, t’Vl‘l‘yOnt‘ was friendly and
mirrors. The ladies Llll'l'l‘ had on long dri-ssi-s and having zi good time. i ycllod to the dealer that ii'l
fiini-y |i;iii‘~iliis. Pi-iiplv Wl‘l'l'jllh‘l sorl of taking looks lost the nle hand i would vote Dcmocrulic and
ill us, zmd we are not vnrv fri-iiky looking. i-vs-ryliody llllfl ii big laugh. A little bil later, after

'l‘lll‘ llli'llll' for making mom-y was ii has Vegas 1'Vl'l‘ylHlt' hiid bi'i-n winning ll few times in ii row, the

Min 11' Howard Hughes can do ii, the lli‘l)lll)lll‘i|lls dciili-r rim-dud niiiri- inoni'y to pay off. 1 got
"my “3.- Wi-ll irv 31” Al, ihi- (limrs‘ [or your iii-kids cvvryliody's iitti-ntiiiii iii the table and said “the
you ri-ci-ivcil $20,000 in funny money and (‘XlJ‘il “Hml' “r “ll-5' 5“er l5 lhl' ulxpllyl'“ Win "1“" money
$10,000 hills wind in, purchuspd fur $1 in pm l)ll(‘l( from “11' lti-piililiciinClub.”lsiiirtedlaughing,
llllllll‘y (iillllt'h‘ \vvri- chi-zip copies of [nix Vi-giis. ’l‘hi- hUl (‘Vl'l'ym‘l‘ (“l-5'" ll”il llllV" ml‘ blmlk “(lireﬁ- Al [he
di-iili-i's \Vi-ri- in l‘lllll‘ul‘ of winning mom-y l‘iir thi- snmi- l.ill)lt', oni- liidy yi-lli-(l to ill! iisscmblymiin thnt
iii-publiciiiis and they worn biiil, supi-r had. I told in“ (Hilthlv to legalize gambling. Sill‘ wont on to say
Ulll‘ ihiii ihi-y would kill him in V1'ﬂil5.'l‘ill'y Wt'l‘t‘ all “that this game priivcs pcoplc would rather gamble
trying in oulilii i-iich iitlivr mid bolting l)l'l,Wt't‘ll ti-ii UH!" llrlnk UI‘ ﬁtfrl‘W." l‘VHI’ (iUl lll't' slylv.
illlll lwmily lhiiusunrl lllllllll‘h .‘Illll drinking llllllill‘ By Llll‘ mid of ill“ i-vuiiing, almost (*Vcryonc was
drinks i had to M'lllt' for mining llt'l'l'h illlll sli-iiling drunk including us. i forgot cxm‘lly whim went on,
lhiui‘ di'iiilrs \vlii-ii llii-y \Vi-ri-ii'i looking From llll‘ i‘XCt'pL wc kcpl. goofing on |)l‘()[llt.' iln(l \vci‘c iilWiiys
lilii-riil looking pviiplc, l l)|lllllll('ll cigiiri-llvs. [was laughing. ()iii- guy l'Vl‘ll llllll llic iici'vc to say we
just :iliiiiil lii'i-ziking cvvn ill llll' giinii-s and my girl wcri- probably Si‘l‘liills youngsters, i told him i was
was winning ii couva of tlioiisiiiiil. ’l‘iii- llll‘ll lft'lll so .' 'I'lUUh' that l was only drinking water, which i
milling iii-r honey, and slii- hl.2Irll'll i-iilliiig Ilium wns iil. tho time. I offered him it taste of my wnli-r,
liiiiii-y liiii~l< iii lil‘t‘l) 'i-iii liinii'sl. l)lll. lii- politiin llt‘t'llllt‘il.

'l'liii I'Illi'l'lillllllll‘lll was zi |iri-lty gimil liiiiiil ilri-ssi-(l
up for 0w iii-i-iision. l lilllil‘ll Iii llii-m llllll lllt'y smrl
llii-y \Vi‘l't' liiii'iiig :i l'llll pluyiiig for it” the old
|)l'il|)lt‘ ’l'lii-y ivoulil play :i will (lillH‘t' inusrc iii
lll'lWI'l'll songs liki- “llliii-k Magic Woman" mid

é

 
 

 

Oh, by tho way, sonii-lliiiig llllll is so iypicnl with
“1" Republicans that i almost forgot to mention it -
llii-ri- wurc no liliicks ill [be piirty. llul We all know
than them blacks slio ‘iiufl' iiin'i good ‘pnlilicmis.

 

Production Miiniigur
wuricii wrsburi

Editor in Cliiiif
[ll sieiiiii
Aiimimiiig Mun-poi ‘uﬂ'lltlial riimm

‘»il"l uni-p, lirilir'l\

lusucull humming Manager

News Iii-mi I iiitoii-l Page Editor
1 .i i. i .ii ,

on Compilil Nun iiinui

   

Anocia News kililiii
' Anni-iii Yociuiic-l Ediiuu

.iVi-v . i i iiiiiii um." iiiiii” lllllll‘
min... him... Anon-Ind l’rm Emmi uni-m. Mama-i l   .ii-i
ii,...iiV i... “I” iii..ii iiiwm .iiiiii.

,.. i,,.ii..i

cimiiioa admin-iii; Manager

.iiii Iniiiviiiiuii

Adv-Iliuin einauciiuu

litlll iiiiaiiu

...il l‘ Spoils Infill)!

 

Ailsﬁililiii iliiu .lilwi

“iii. pm...

is" . iimiitiu Clrculllloll Mini..."

Phufowlptlv Eiliiou um .tii. .i
i. mung. siiiiu.

Auoci-is Spoils [iii-m
iiimiv um“...
(ii-uni Euiiiii

Anni-iii Am Eniiim
ii .4 i ii i .iii. in i. I)iil|lllL|ll
,....i. inmm mu m. .i.i,
Hui Finiimu imam iii lltl' sunny Sillifrnl Pm. .i Iiliilllfll in .(‘unpm r‘mnm .miiil ma s‘uiii (Illivrirlllv in Na» Viiii .ii Albany r400 leliflylull Amiua
Albany New vim 12222 nir ASI' uni lii' u-ai-iiuii m lr'lfllhilllf' .ii Islallsl II!” in: Albany Siiiiimi Pm. iiimwrm iii "to Aiiiicuiuihmi Cmiivi-
mi... Salvri s, and iiiiumnm Nuws my” 0 rim as» ii riuiiiou m: IVMIId-Illlly iiiiiimii ll! Iviu im a wiiicniiiiim ll imm lllllllll in: mm iii rim, null.” [10!

ianmiai

 

 

(ill “Hm l“ l"'l"'v" mm mm“ mm Cunimiimmiiiiu m ﬂtrcuullg'd nu: ma ulllllml u mu. immiii All mmmiiiiimiiini .m mam-i in mining nu niiiumi pulley at [In Albany siuiimi

 

lv'i-s r us .IHNW’ pm. ii minimum! by m. Editorial aims

 

liils could have jiiimi-ssi-il lhi- iiifi

inn—weary”, .

 

‘ PAGE 8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
i TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 9

 

