 

/_ .. A.qu._ .w

a... he».

.. t Vx—g—arm

 

Ish..n..,- _ A <4~ a... «ﬂex “Wu i “

 

 

 

pAGE 8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Name: Steve Gerber
Class Year: 1973

I. Why do you feel that you are qualified to be Student Association President? I have lived on campus for
the past three years and have personally experienced and become acquainted with many of the problem
faced by students here. I feel that I am easily approached and hope that no student would have any
difficulties in relating their concerns to me. My qualiﬁcations for Student Association President include a

broad background in student government and a readiness to vocalize and ﬁght for students' interests in
this university.

2. State your position on mandatory vs. voluntary student tax with a brief rationale.
students themselves through a legitiamte referendum, ri
they prefer a mandatory or a voluntary student tax.
programming falling apart under a voluntary tax, I
Association, a voluntary tax would have a good chan
calling for a tax referendum next spring, if I am elected, the Student Association will prepare two
complete budgets for 1973-74, one mandatory and one voluntary, so that Student Association will
continue under whichever type of tax the students dictate in the referendum.

I believe that the
ot the State legislature, should decide whether
Despite all the fears I have heard about student
feel that given proper planning by the Student
ce of succeeding. As I introduced the amendment

3. What suggestions can you offer to get more students involved in Student Association; and what specific
measures can you suggest to communicate to the university community the activities and projects that
Student Association is involved in? In order to have an effective student government, the students must
feel tha the leaders of Student Association will listen to, publicize and act to solve their grievances. I want
to make the Student Association oriice the one place on campus where students will receive prompt
solutions to their university-related hassles. I will work for a Student Association where the voices of
every student can be heard and will be listened to, not just the voices of an elite few.

The lack of broad student involvement in S.A. stems from a general lack of knowledge of the functions
and actions of Student Association. Through fuller utilization of campus media as well as open meetings
with concerned students, I intend to insure that the workings of our student government are known to
every student. Additionally. the S.A. has to solicit feedback on its actions and programming from its

4. What do you feel the role of Strident Association President
administration? to the local community? I see the role of
concerns. The President must be a person to whom students
President and the SA. itself, have the power (although '
student-related problems. l believe that Student Aﬂocintion
problems. S.A. must publicize student complaints to the uni '
are found. the President must also represent the students to
exchange between the local and the student communities.

should be in relation to the students? to the
SA. President as a receptacle for student

    

 
 
  
  

 
 
 
   

Jay Goldman

Presidential

 
 

 

  

    
  

Name: ichael A. Lampert
('lassY r: 1973

1. Why do you feel that you are (“lull/it'd in bi tudent Association President? I feel that my principal
qualiﬁcation for office of SA President is my my iriencc. I was Vice President last year and am President
this year and therefore have an excellent perspe- live on what the job entails. Additionally I feel that I

have developed expertise in the art-its whore lhrSA President needs to be aware in order to successfully
carry out his job.

2. State your position on mandulurv 1-,»: winning student tax with a brief rationale. [favor a voluntary
tax. The majority of students on this campiis.n1|ich less the majority of those voting, do not have the
right to coerce a fee from all the stiuli-an. Ouif la is used for "recreational extras," not for those things
that are absolutely essential to people. A volunlaq fee would have the additional advantage of forcing SA
groups to be of a more direct benefit Io mulcnnd an some of them currently are, in order to justify their
budget requests. ,
3. What suggestions can you ()f/t'r {n in! mon' students involved in Student Association ; and what specific
measures can you suggest to t'timilluult'uii' to Hi university community the activities and projects that
Student Association is involved in’ 'l‘lu- Asmcwlirrn has in the past tried to use several means to keep the
students informed. We have kept lllt' lednur-intfli cf of the ASP, and to some extent the station manager
of WSUA informed in order than they could passinformation along to the students. We have published an
annual report, and “Bits and Pieces" us llt'i'tlctl.

We have made a systemmatic el'forl in mvulve'new students. Every person who lost an election last
spring was sent a letter inviting that person 0 apply for a Council or Committee appointment.
Additionally, “Bits and Pieces" was i-spi-cmlly published to advertise positions for which people could

apply.

4. What do you feel the role of Student .lsxui-iul bu President should be in relation to the students? the

administration? to the local comnnuuly‘ ’l'hul’ sident of the Student Association has two principle

responsibilities to the students: to l't‘prt'sl‘lll their interests in the internal workings of SA and to the

administration,and to commutllcuLL‘ in lllt' sluilenli those things that it is important for them to know.
That also summarizes his role as a “bureaucracy Watcher" with regard to the administration.

Lastly to the outside community, trustees. and alumni, the president acts as a two way communicator.
The President interprets student Concerns In ll! it outside groups, and the President makes concerned
students and student groups aware of ilu-si- outsith groups’ attitudes.

 

Candidates

 

Kevin Rooney was unavailable
\nme: Kevin Rooney [a be phmogmphod.

l‘lm Your: 19741

1. Why do you ft’t'l that you urn Llltillt/ln'll in “- Student Association President? I am qualified Its is any
member of the student bmlv. hul'z-HM' '1" "W" 0'. Student Association president should he open to all
student, not just a clique of polilum

2.3mm your pnsim,” m, ,,,umlu,,,,-\   student tux ivitli a brief rationale. We should instilutc
"gummy Hulda,” (M Kim... ,1,.|,,..H|,..,.-, .m .« mandatory strident. tiix puts us at the mmcy ol the
reactionary lawmakers. (Witness m |'|Il m. m» I

. .Jurli'nls tlll’iliUi'd tII Student .‘lSStlt‘f(lll()Il,' and what specific
measures can you suggest to min/mm it ‘ "l" “"W'rﬁll)’ communit)l the activities and pro/vols thul
Student Association is Illl'llil't'tl Ill l'wi'l' M" It” involved in stUdl-‘nl “(Wummmll WM” “mam”
government gets involved Willi llll'lll

3. Whut suggestions t'un vuu inf/1" "' ‘3‘ " "‘

 

At. What do you feel “ll' ruli- u/‘NImh u: \ -l | NM" Ifrl'sldt'llf should be in relation to fill‘ Sludr‘rrlsf’th Illt'
administration? to the lilt'ill i-unununm I!“ “"9 01 the Student Association President is townrk lor the
implementation of the (ll'h‘ll‘t'h nl' llu- .aiiulr'llh m" in effectchly organize thorn so as to increase their
Power. The wishes of the iirlnmilslmlmn .lll' H||'l"V3|1l‘. their power is to be combattod. The relation of the
Student Association President to llll‘ ruminmnh Ihould revolve iiround the recognition of the true friends

and enemies of the students.

 

 

 

WM

 
     
   

Goldma'l

 

Name: Nydia Rivers
Class Year: 1973

1. Why do you feel that you are qualified to be Student Association President? I feel I'm qualified to be
President of Student Association, because of my position as a woman and as a Puerto Rican, who is
oppressed, I am sensitive to equal rights for all Because of the direction of the academics on this
campus, I feel that as a student I must take positive position in promoting ﬂexible and a more relevant
learning atmosphere. I also feel that I am competent for such a position. My previous organizational
background has helped me to become aware.of the needs of social change at all levels. Whether they be at
the university or community level.

2.Statc your position on mandatory vs. voluntary stu-"ent tax with a brief rationale. My position on
mandatory vs. voluntary tax is a positive position; in favor of mandatory tax. Because it is through this
economic mechanism that we can promote activities to meet the needs of all students.

Without these funds we would be at the mercy of state funds that are unstable at all times. We need to
establish more events at both the cultural and social and political level. In order to achieve a basic
knowledge of our world that is now being hidden by our ivory towers.

3. What suggestions can you offer to get more students involved in Student Association; and what specific
measures can you suggest to communicate to the university community the activities and projects that
Student Association is involved in? My suggestions to involve more students in Student Association; are as
follows: Because of the lack of communication between Student Association and students. We feel that
we need a new letter in addition to our present ASP newspaper to fill us on the different issues that are
affecting our everyday life. This S.A. new letter would inform you of all the Student Association meetings
and minutes. This does not take away from the fact that we would make greater use of the ASP in
informing the university of our activities. This new letter will be published bi-weekly and would encourage
all students to attend our meetings.

We will also try to establish a radio program in W.S.U.A., which will have ii direct line for question and
answer periods. This program would be on the air weekly. '

We will promote more student participation through various activities. A committee would be ideal in
order to set up different panel discussions, speakers, film, etc. In other words we will re-structure the
present committees of Student ASsociation to meet the needs of all students and operate more
effeciently.

It. What do you feel the role of Strident Association President should be in relati. n to the students? to the
administration? to the local community? I feel that the role of SA. Pres. at both the student,
administration and local community should be as follows:

In relation to the students, we will be servants to the bitter end.

To the administration - not a puppet but a voice of the students.

To the community, being a member of the community, and by the mere fact that this university is a
member of the greater community, it is our duty to act responsibly and productively.

 

   
    
   
      
 
  
 
    

Ricky Petty

   
  

the fourth V.P. candidate

  

  
  
  
 
 
  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   

was unavailable

  
  
 
  
 

to be photographed.

   

 

 

 

Eric Joss

 

 

a ‘Fi‘1\avoavrmr.:r-=k‘ rut“.

 

 

Mm» ;

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE 9

  

