 

i
O
WROhertDeeherd thb year provides for the Plush pert hm poor communication n n , . g '
, dent to appoint members of the with dis student body: “Lampert i
Student Auoeiation elections court. the cahtnet,'and nunrermu lets people know only what he i
are coming soon and the ﬁrst hint le-er student government pints. wants to let them know." He citee 
of mﬂﬁcklnmlikemdnmiain the Familant feel. that these pm- the failure of the new Consti- by Maids Oringier Sunday. Am‘ 16- . é
air. Central Council member vision confer "too much power" mum to in- Centnl Council Int Speaker from the Student Strut. l ‘
Robert Familant .wae the'lateetto on hippest. ﬂutter-more, he year until Tamper-t "clarified it” gle for Jewry: Campus Center 2
~ take a verbal lab at StudentAuo- charge that Lamport appoints to the students as an example of ,, . . , 7~3o m l l
ciation President Mike Lempert, only -- Ir. mend. ma on... mil. Jewrsh identity should be a ' p > 1 5
charging that Lampert "picks only people who agree with him" to At pruent, Familant is sup- ye‘" ’°“"d thing- bl” “’5 g°°d t° Mondayv Apr” 17 ‘ 3
ya menu for Dolmen .ppoim. "Id, Mao“ porting Steve Gerber for the Stu- have emphasis once a year," said Exodus, Admission free, LC 7. l
i. menu-1 An an example ofthie, Familant tint A-ociation Pmidency. He Shalom Week co-ordinator Steve 7:30pm. 1
 The criticisms were prompted cites the appointment of Thom feels that Gerber has been instru- Shaw. This “once-a-year" event ‘
3 by I letter of min-lion by W Clinran :- medie coordinator. mental “in reaaserting Central will be held on- and off—campus Wednesday, April 19-
% preme Court Chief Justice Carl Cbnpn w. erbium-chief or the Council" after a period of "dom- durin the week of A m 16.23 Commemoration of the Holo-
€ :3th. s'tepratnhpve up his'poat ASP during 1971 and was ap- inetion by Lampert" last semes. Thegimended purpose “shalom cauat mm . The Song and the 'l
 cause 0 w a e crtedas the pointed by Lampertm January of ter. Famrlant forsees trouble for Week, summed "Jewish Aware_ Silence . depicts ,1 mm" Jewish I

.. ,«o.ﬂ\.

 

 

domination by a President (Lam-
pert) who wishes to control more
than theaaecritive'hraneb."
Familant expressed agreement
with the substance of Stephan'e
resignation letter, and he claims
that Lampert purposely tried to
“keep the court weak" by not
appointing justices. The result, he
claims, is that the court was “un-

   

1972. The put had remained un-
ﬁlled during the entire fall sema-
ter while Clin'n w. with the
ASP and Familant alleges that
Lampert purposely kept the job
open until Clin'n was available
to ﬁll it. Headda that “there were
many other people" who were
capable of ﬁlling the position,
most of them members of laat

Lampert if faced by Gerber in the
upcoming election. “People are
becoming fed up with his (Lam-
pert's) manipulations", Familant
says, and he claims that “Lampert
w. thinking of himself" when he
wrote the new constitution since
it does not contain a succession
clause. "it is very rare,” he says,
“for a student constitution not to

   

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

 

Central Council member Robert Fernilent drerpd recently that SA
President Mike Lampert "picks only yea men" for political appoint
menu. Famiiant tampered his remarks by adding that he feels
"Lampert does have the welfare of students at heart." He cites

N

l

ness Week,” is to create an aware-
ness of Israel on Israeli Independ-
ence Day (April 19) and, on a
larger scale, to stimulate Jewish
cultural awareness and identity.
Shaw stressed the need for this
event when he said that “Judaism
is not just a religion, but a culture;
one need not be religious just to

Community at the time of the
Nazi occupation and its disintegra-
tion under the pressure of the
oppressor: Admission free, CC As-
sembly Hall, 7:30pm.

Friday, April 21 -
Special Outdoor Service written
by students; theme “From De-

Sllalom Week"

 

 

 

 

elebrares

 

 

 

 

:21: ltkmgrkzuazymdecmons due Lag: (hmmunicationa Com- 31c}, . chﬁ." Tye Pres: Lamps,“ action! in mmming phone mmi” to "mum smdems as have n Jewish identity... struction to Rznaissancriiu Cam.
' . . ' _ _ ' WW" ‘1 P051 '0": 3“ ~ pus Center Gar cns, 7: pm; in
CoThe~ "‘3' smdfnt Association  Familant feels that “one year is an example om“ Silo/om weak' mango-ed by ﬁle we of rain CC 315-
mlltutlon. which took effect meglbochm 9,“le enoulhy chlsh Student Coalition, wrll
'¢ he... a lake in different aspects of the Saturday, April 22-
"" ' ' Israeli L- P"¢“

   
    

5W0$.o'e

'e

 
 
 

 

Monday, April 17 at 7:30 pm
in the CC Assembly Hall

TOM — TWO ARROWS

artist of the Indian Quad skins
will speak on

The Living Story 

 

lamperi Offers Defense

by Glenn von Nosfitz

Student Association President
IVIichael Lampert had alot to say
In an exclusive interview earlier
this week about the functioning
of his often controversial admin-
istration. The remarks were made
In. response to recent charges by
critics in Central Council and the
Student Association Supreme
Court that Lampert is "power
hungry". "‘fails to communicate
adequately" with the students,
and that he appoints "only his
friends" to political poets.

In respoinding to the last of
these charges, Lampert stated
that, "It ismuealistic to ask any
President to appoint a person in
whom he doesn’t have any faith.”
The specific charge was prompted

by Lampert's appointment ()1
Thomas Clingan as Media Coordi~
nator, a position which remained
vacant for an entire semester
while Clingan was ASP editor-in-
chief. Clingan was appointed dir»
ectly after he left the ASP, and it
has been alleged that Lampcrt
waited to make the appointment
until “his friend," Clingan, was
available.

Lampert claim that Clingan was
the only person he could find who
was qualiﬁed for the coordinator‘s
post. Explained Lampert, “i
wasn't going to appoint someone
without a communications back
ground." It ha been pointed out
by administration critics that
there were several qualiﬁed people
on last year's Communications
Commission who were "passed
over" in favor of Ciingan, and in

 

ISRAELI CAFE
AND NIGHT
CL UB NIGHT—

.. to this, Lampert claims
that two of the committee mem'

bers. Steve Gerber and Richard
Soberman, were councilmcn.

which he feels disqualiﬁed them.
Clingan, however, “had extensive
experience," being at one time
chairman of the WSUA FM com-
mittee and ASP editor. Lampcri

 

Jewish culture. President Bcnezet,
in a recent letter to Shaw, has
given his support and recognition
of the event on campus. The
following events will be taking
place at the University:

u

Night Club featuring
Baruch Sedah, from NYC; Middle
Eastern Cuisine; 50 cents stu-
dents, $1.00 adults; sponsorcd by
Hebrew Club: tickets on sale in
the Campus Center.

Sunday, April 23 -
Shlomo Carlebach,
Chassidic folksinger, in concert:
Admission free, CC Ballroom,
7:30pm.

renowned

 

During the same week, Albany
Mayor E. Corning will declare
Shalom Week off-campus. These
events will he going on in the
Albany Community:

Tuesday, April 18 -

Community-wide service at
Ohnv Shalom, Krumkill Road, Alt
bony.

Thursday, April 20 -

Gabriel Padon, chief press offi-
cier of Israel, speaking at Temple
Israel.

Sunday, April 23 -

Israeli independence Day Parade
forming at 10:00 at New Scotland
Avenue and Academy Road.

If you want to participate in any
of these cw:an hut (in not have
transportation,ch in touch with
Steve Shaw, 457-3032.

Shalom Week is the highlight of
many events sponsored by the
JSC this year. In the past, the JSC
has invited many speakers, includ-
ing the well-known Rabbi Meir
Kahanc, from various Jewish or-
ganizations to speak at SUNYA,
representing diverse points of View
from conservative to militant. The
group, of 111 paid members and
300 associate members, also
sponsors Friday evening services
at the Chapel House and publishes
Zachur, a newspaper circulated to
members.

"In this time of exploding
nationalism," said Shaw, “the
Jewish population must not lose
their awareness and identity in the
US. mostly Christian society."
On April 19, Israeli Independence
Day, the 12:00 hell will chime the
Israeli National Anthem, "Hatik-
vuh" - “The Hope," helping all to
remember the Jewish State of
Israel.

 

 

 
         

   

Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach, arenownadlolksingsr will be performing at the CC Ballroom at 7:30 Sunday RA l l I

night. Here he is shown performing a wedding in San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park. ,

STOP THE BOMBING 1
STOP ROTC
meet mm in front of CC
Friday, April 14

adds that Clingan was ,dmittcdly
a friend" and that “I have friends
I would never consider appointing
to that post."

of My People

April 22 - 8: 15

 

 

 

continued on page 16

“(After 7 blah months of
pizza and subs for

 

 

sponsored by Art Council

   
    

FUNDED BY STUDENT TAX

J- Num-

Sunday

——

 

coming later this month...

 

 

 

 

 

dinner,

 

 

 

        

SE:  Hallo-eeeeeoeeeeceramisteoo  I 9  g   
anda
Robert Eh (I  ° m :3; You have 3
en 0 jeweler...Aprtl 26 Delicious Chinese Food " gum “our CHOICE
Roy Allen....funky ceramist...April 27 CALL 489-2201 Before 6 pm Sunday ,,,,,_,,,_,,,m sprig 0’ “to 212.442-0262

 

 

 

 

0' A uou-rnorn srnvrcr
m

  

:-:-:'-:-:-:-:-:-:'-:-:-:-:m-:o:-:t-:e:-:-nt-:-t-. " '-:-:"{-:-:'-:" '°’ d“New beiween 7 & 7:30 A

"3': °. sums-I:

 

 

 

is

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1972

FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1972

 

       

