 

 

 

 

 

Youth lor ltixonl

Princeton, NJ (AP)—A majority of younger voters now support
Prsident Nixon over Sen. George McGovern, according to a Gallup
Poll issued Sunday.

The survey, taken immediately after the Republican Convention.
gives Nixon 61 per cent to 36 per cent for McGovern among
registered voters under the age of 30. In the previous poll, taken in
early August, McGovern led 48 per cent to 4| per cent for Nixon
among younger voters.

A shift in the preference of younger Voters could he a serious blow
to McGOch, whose strategists have considered the youlli votr- a
primary source of McGovern’s support,

Dmpite the ﬁgures, the Gallup survey stressed that “the ram- is still
far from decided." The report noted that McGovern gaini-d 
percentage points in one week’s time in the Wisconsin primary in
April.

In addition, Gallup noted that the under-30 sample used in its
survey consisted of 22] personswabout one-sixth the number of
those in the normal national sample.

The younger voters surveyed were part of a group of 1,203
registered voters who were asked, “If the presidential election wore
being held today, which candidate would you vote for Nixon thr-
Republican or McGovern the Democrat?"

The results among other sub-groups indicated other new gains for
Nixon.

Manual workers favored Nixon over McGovern 64 per cent to 2H
per cent. In the previous Gallup poll, Nixon led All per cent to (IS
per cent.

Among Catholics, the new survey showed a Nixon lead of ($2 per
cent to 29 per cent, up from a 48 per cent to All! per cent edge in the
previous study.

Among labor union members Nixon led 61 per cent to 30 per cent,
up from a 48 per cent to 42 per cent edge in the previous study.

Among all the groups, those who were for neither McGovern or
Nixon were listed as undecided.

Angela Visits Berlin

U.S. Communist Angela Davis was greeted at East
Berlin's Schoenfeld airport Sunday by 50,000 young Berliners as she

arrived from a two-week stay in the Soviet Union, the East German
news agency ADN reported.

 

 

Welcome George and led!

attend the rally. Students plan-
ning to go should sign up at
McGovern tables located in the
CC and on quads. The buses will
be leaving Albany State from the
Administration circle at 11:00
candidate Will make a major and students will be returned to
campaign address on the steps of the campus at the end of the
the Capitol at 12 noon. Upwards “my,
or ﬁfteen thousand Peoplev McGovern is scheduled to
many 5'" them Studenu and arrive at Albany County Airport
employees Working I“ the from Pennsylvania at 11:15 him.
Capitol District area, are ex- and then proceed to macaw”?!
Pentecl ‘0 he“ the Senator's for the rally after which he wrll
remarks. Buses will be provided depart for Massachusetts.

for SUNYA students wishing to

Senator George McGovern,
accompanied by Senator Edward
Kennedy, plans a three hour
campaign visit to upstate New
York on Thursday September
14. The Democratic Presidential

Miss Davis, acquitted in June of murder, kidnaping and conspiracy
in a California courthouse shootout, was driven into East Berlin for a
dinner given by the secretariat of the East German youth group—
Grcic Deutsche Jugend.

In the Soviet Union, Miss. Davis was the guest of the Soviet
Women’s Committee. She visited several cities there and her trip was
widely publicized by Soviet media.

to Condemn or Condone
The United States on Sunday vetoed a
call on Israel to stop rcprisal raids in the Middle East that did not
carry a simultaneous U.N. condemnation of terrorism such as thtI
Arab massach of Israeli athletes.

Ambassador George Bush cast the second U.S. Veto in Security
(louncil history, declaring: "We seek fora world where athletes need
not fear assassins and passengers on planes need not fear hijacking.‘

Bush's veto followed joint vetoes by the Soviet Union and China
of moves that Would have linked the Munich Olympic tragedy to the
Israeli air raids against Syria and Lebanon.

Soviet Ambassador .lacoh Malik denounced the raids as carried out
by “Israeli maniacs."

He said the Munich tragedy had no place at the Security Council
session and lhal tlll‘ slaying of the athletes had been noted "by the
ofﬁcial organs of the Sovn-t Union" with a statement of "deepest
regret,"

New lalk at Peace

The Vict (long issued a new peace statement today saying it is
“prepared to accept a provisional government of national concord
that shall be dominated by neither side."

US sources in Saigon interpreted this as a concession that neither
side can win the war militarily. But Vict Cong and North Vietnamese
spokesman have said repeatedly in the pastHfor public consump-
tion, at least that the coalition government they proposed would be
a coalition of equals, with none 0 the factions dominating.

’l‘he Vict (,‘ong termed the three-page declaration ‘an important
statement on ending the war in Vietnam and “storing peacu." But at
first reading it appeared to be no more than a reiteration of previous
Communist peace demands.

Once again it called on the United States to withdraw all its troops
from Vietnam, to stop supporting the regime of President Nguyen
Van 'l‘hieu, and to halt the bombing and mining of North Vietnam.

The Vict Cong also repeated its previous formula for the makeup
of the government of national concord-"a three-segment coalition
composed of 1 member of the Provisional Revolutionary Govern-
ment, 2 members of the Saigon administration excluding 'I‘hieu, and
3 representatives of other political forces in South Vietnam
“including those who, for political reasons, have been compelled to
live in exile."

“’I‘hvsi- three segments of this government are on thr- samc footing
and equal," the statement said.

- Mohawk...

continued from page 3

this academic year to a Pan.
dora’s Box of misunder.
standings, acousations, and m.
newed feelings of distrust. The
issue still is partly couched in
ambiguities: there are differeng
interpretations of just how "per.
mnnent” the move of ofﬁces to
the tower is, various pvrspectives
on Benezet's role in the ﬁnal
decision, and disparate views on
the entire decision making pm.
cesa and its relation to the
14,000 students on the campus,

There is only one certainty:
The incident showed that stu-
dents are by no means Ilu- most
important special inti-ri-si group
at Albany State.

 

 

 

c I I ID 7

 

ATTENTION PRESIDENT

w
——_%~

Take a Train,
Come to the Horse

15 Colvin Ave.

All Legal Bevcrugr's’ l‘izzu.’

--~-wwmmmm"'

(w~..yr

 

Meditation Offers
Expanding Possibilities

by Thomas Murphy

For the past two years, the
Students' International Medita-
tion Society (SIMS) has visited
campus regularly to give intro-
ductory lectures and courses of
instruction in the technique of
Transcendental Meditation. Sim-
ply by prncticing an effortless
mental technique twice daily,
SIMS adherents claim the indivi-
dual can fully develop his mental
potential, enjoy life to its fullest,
expand his creative capacity,
clarify thought, and much more.
The introductory lectures of-
fered prove interesting, possibly
enlightening.

Scientific Research in TM

Recently, SIMS has some new
angles. Scientiﬁc research is one.
Scientists and doctors all over
the country are starting to seri»
ously investigate “TM” and its
effects on an individual’s physio-
logical, psychological and socio‘
logical development. The finding
so far are impressive. Physio-
logists have found that TM pro-
duces a state of decreased meta-
bolic activity such that it might
be called a fourth major state of
consciousness, differing signiﬁ-
cantly from waking, dreaming,
and deep sleep. Pyschologists are
ﬁnding that TM quickly relieves
tension and anxiety and im-
proves both creativity and prob-
lem-solving ability. Sociologists

in all fields including prisons.
drug rehabilitation programs,
business management and even
the Army are toying with the
idea of using Transcendental
Meditation as a valuable addition
to their programs.

The reason is that TM is effec-
tive. It is easy to learn and easy
to do. It is highly systematic and
its results are repeatable indef-
initely. In other words, Tran-
scendental Meditation is a scien-
tific procedure and as such can
be used effectively by those who
would otherwise dismiss it as
"mystical" or "cultish."

The scientific veriﬁcation of
TM’s effectiveness and useful-
ness has prompted the founding
of what is called the “Science of
Creative Intelligence" (SCI).
Strictly defined, SCI is the prac-
tice of Transcendental Medita-
tion combined with a thorough
knowledge of the principles on
which the practice is based. In a
more general sense, it is an
examination of all fields of
knowledge from the viewpoint
that consciousness is the basis of
the ability to gain knowledge. If
the value of an individual's con»
sciousness (his ability to gain
knowledge) can be expanded,
then the purposes of education
will be more thoroughly rea-
lized. If the individual can gain

ck students, me and women,
black barber, Herman Cockfield. He can do Afro‘s and all styles, as

well as expert work for children. Hired after talks between black

deutch

students and the FacultyStudent Association, he joins Dan Gotta
and Ted Monel in the University Barbershop on Mondays only,

8:30-3:00 pm.

Gerald Robinson is pictured with Cockﬁeld; the other student is

Arthur Renulo.

profound fulﬁllment at the same
time, then the reason for educa-
tion will be served completely.

It is felt that when individuals
as units of society have available
a technique for increasing their
creative abilities and relieving
tension, the world as a whole
will experience the same bene-
ﬁts, thus easing the incredible
chore of solving the immense
problems in the world today.

The ease, universality and
effectiveness of SCI has led its
founder, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi,
to inaugurate a “World Plan" by
which it is intended that 3600
teacher-training centers will be
established throughout the
world. Each center will train one
thousand teachers of SCI. This
plan will provide one teacher of
the Science of Creative Intelli-
gence for every thousand peo-
ple-3.6 million teachers for 3.6
billion people in the world.

Locally, counu in TM and oCI
are offered periodically. SIMS
will present an introductory lec-
ture in the Campus Center An-
semny Hall tomorrow (Wednes-
day, Sept. 13) It 8:00 p.m. The
scientiﬁc research will be dil-
cussed at greater length, and a
vision of the pmibilitiea offered

-by Transcendental Meditation
will be outlined. The floor will
then be opened for questions.

 

 

COME SEE THE HANGING'

BE sure to
drown all fires.

FOLLOW SMOKEY'S RULES

CAREFUL to

For the State University of New York at Albany

ENJOY CAMPUS DELIVERY

@119 New ﬂak dimes

 

 

All the News
That’s Fit to Print

 

 

 

Please register me as a subscriber to The New York Times.

I will pick up my Copy on the quads according to the plan I have checked.

FALL TERM

SCHOOL YEAR

FROM EVERY GROUP!

crush all
smokes dead out.

WEEKDAYS & SUNDAYS $l8.60 $37.20 Resident

WEEKDAYS (MONSATI $ 8. l 0 $I6.20 Students

Contact :

$2|.00 Only

Faculty Ind
Commuters

SUNDAYS ONLY $l0. 50

Only you can
prevent forest fires.

WEEKDAYS (MON-FRI) $ 6.75 $l3.50

01'

Ruth 457-4307 Sheila 457-7812
no later than 5 pm on Sept 13.

OF THE NEW YORK TIMES

payment Enclosed L—J Checks payable to Educational News Service

SAVE 1/3 0F NEWSIAND PRICE OF THE DAILY
NEW YORK TIMES
* DELIVERY IS AVAILABLE ON ALL QUADS

Delivered on all days that school is in session,
excluding hall-days and exam days.

NAME PHONE

SCHOOL ADDRESS

 

BOX NO.

Detach new and lend to: EDUCATIONAL NEWS SERVICE. Box 12283.
1400 Wuhlngton Avon Albany. N. V. 12203

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, I972

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1'1, I'll/7‘

 . «. .vyzvgsmngcgwmm , ’ ‘ . . ‘

 

