 

t
r

t

     
  
 
 
    
  

PAGE SIX

Nation/ﬁbril: I» Mm:

WASHINGTON (FCNS)--Representative
Edith Green (D. Ore.), Chairman of the
House Special Subcommittee on Educa-
tion and a longtime advocate of federal
aid to higher education, says she now
believes the nation's higher education
system is “out ofcontrol."

Said Rep. Green, “We have all been
reading in recent months of the iitimeroti.
PhDs swelling the unemployment rartks

“l stiggest that it is well past iinie we
re-exaiiiine the national mania for bach-
elor's and master‘s and doctoral degrees.

“It is my gtiess that millions of young
people irt college now are not there
because they genuinely want to he. brit
becatise they and their parents have. rrt
good faith. accept it the dictiirii that
there is more pre tige and greater eco~
nomie benefits I' ir college gradtrates thair
noricollege grad'taies.

"Once perhaps that was titre. but there
is now arriple evidence to indicate that
those expectations may well reriiatir tttI‘
ftilfilled "

She noted tltat the labor lleparlitierrt
fotiiitl III a recent study tiiat les-. tliair
20'? of pibs iii the nest tlctatle still
require tour years or moreoi tollege the
rest litglr school graduates or those With a
lirriitcd amount of vocational .iiltl tecimr~
cal tiairitiig Will be able to llll

Noting that the number of tolleee
graduates has increased some lift in the
last decade. Mrs (.rceri said "It Is my
belief that it we .rs .r Itttlttrtl persist in
downgrading \otatroiial and I\'\llIll\.ll
training and. at the same time torrtrrme
Ilits slastsli bondage to .isatleiiiit degree.
we may \'Illl up with the most \sll“l.||l\
tineiiiployuiciit lines in the maid lllIl'lI
by unhappy inert and women who lt.ltl
they but known the ltllllt. would hate
originally tlrosco \oeatrous Iii \slllsll tlre\
would now iirrd Ilieiiiselves happily errr
ployetl '-

(iorrclttded Rep (oeert. "llre harsh
truth is thcie siriiply are not |tIlls Ioi IIti‘
young people we are running through tire
degree triill "

 

ll. of Woman
Milt/told: Diploma:

MADISON Wist tl‘i'NSf llie l'iiiver
sity of Wisctittsllt independent newspaper
Badger llerald. reports Iroiii here that
UW officials are placing a hold on
records of sttrderits iotiritl to have ptir
chased tcriit papers

for university seniors. this means that
their diplorrras Will be wrthheld until the
charges of dishonesty are cleared tip
Individual instructors are being given dis
cretiou to determine what ptiiiislirrieiit
students sliorild receive who purchased
papers for their cottrscs

     

GRASS ROOTS

EDUCATIIDN NEWS

man» man, 0,

WASHINGTON (FCNS)--'l'lie College
Placement Council has reported that bus-
iness and industry employment of college
graduates at all degree levels rose six
percent in W72. tli first increase in three
years.

I:mployers, compared with a year ago,
were hiring four percent more bachelor's
degree candidates. km more master's
degree applicants. and 15% more l’hDs.

At the bachelor‘s level. bitsirress sitt-
deiits did best with a nine percent me
crease since last year S terrce and riiatli
iriarors loiiird their job market expanding
4 percent Non-technical Itiapiis found
their job market decreasing by (I percent.

Ilie master's lining showed considerable
increases lII science, engineering. tiiatlie»
Ill.iIIt\. and business Most of the dot total
tttstt‘ast‘ was also in engineering and
strerree-rrratlicrriatrcs

 

Smart Students smy less

W \Sllleiltl‘V ilt'N‘St \ studs re
leased last month lourrd that average
students spend less ttrrtc sttnlstirg than

honor roll \llltlt'llls

('oridtttled .irrioitg l'.‘ l‘rriversrty ot
Illinois undergraduates the study loiiiid
that lot the first half of .r seriiestci .rll
sliiderrts .rieiaged three hours .rrul »l‘
ririiiiites oi uninterrupted study .| day
'\llt'| midterm tests lioyvc\er. studetrrs
retenrtrg hiin grades \III their sttrd\mg
In an lioitr while average students in
tit-ased tlierrs by almost air hour drill a
hall

lhe tutltatls by the better students had
no rl| cllett on their grades for Iltt' teriri

The study was \\ttllt‘t| by (.eorge J
\llerr ol the l‘iiuersiry ot ('onuecticitt
l)r \Aayrte M lcirici oi the llriiveisitv ot
Michigan attd lanies J lliiiirchsen oi
Vartderbrlt llmietsits

Allen said students reteivmg higher
riiaiks might study lt'ss, btrt they studied
more etiieicrrtly. keeping tip with Work
all durirtg the term rather than cramming
.it the last rttirititc. and not interrupting
studies for smoking. snack breaks. or the
like

 

Maxi f

 

 

REVIEW

I Who Says All Is Lost? Department. In San Rafael,
California, Arthur Thomas Lord Jr. smashed his auto
into a taxi, drove away, and was arrested a few blocks
later “intoxicated beyond the point of self care." it
turned out Lord was a cop, on a year‘s leave at full
pay ($i,l6i a month) because he maintained that po—
lice occupational hazards led him to put away a ﬁfth of
whisky a day. In Indianapolis, Indiana, police bomb ex-
perts spent three—quarters of an hour trying desperately
to defuse a buzzing parcel at the municipal airport. When
they ﬁnally got it open, they found a battery-powered
buzzer and a small wooden box with the one—word mes-
sage inside: “Gotcha.” A_nd in Prague, Czechoslovakia.
Mrs. Vera Czermak jumped out a third-story Window
when she learned that her husband had betrayed her. She
landed on her errant husband, killing him. Mrs, Czermak
is recovering nicely, thank you.

I Britain‘s “most widely quoted" nutritionist, Professor
John Yudkin, has declared war on white sugar. “My
research on coronary disease has convinced me beyond
doubt that sugar plays a considerable part in this tcr~
rifying modern epidemic." he says. “Sooner or later I
feel it will be necessary to introduce legislation that by
some means or other will prevent people from consum—
ing too much sugar." Think of it. No doubt the British
will soon need a prescription to have a spot of sugar in
their tea. and for candy, cake, ice cream, canned soup,
pastries, many prepared foods, soft drinks and little girls.
A National Health Service ﬁeld report will learn that
it takes 174 pieces of paperwork to issue a trick-or—trcat
permit, Intrepid British sailors will turn a handsome
profit smuggling Hershey bars into the country. Aren't
you glad our American authorities take so different a
view of the problem? We too have an epidemic of obe-
sity and coronary disease. A few years ago the feds
moved swiftly and decrsively to deal with the problem
by banning the only satisfactory substitute, sodium ey—
clamatc. This prohibition is expensive, since the prenizi»
ttire loss of taxpayers cuts into federal revenues. Brit it
is at least a step in the direction of positiVe control of
overpopulation. Sooner or later it will be necessary to
introduce legislation that by some means or other will
prevent people from consuming too much legislation.

I (hie thing is certain: ()ur prisons are iii for trouble

riitl trouble rutllcss we heed the voices that cry out for
reform. Rl’af reform. Take the inmates at the federal
prison iii Atlanta, Some of them have ii new religion.
whose Supreme Being enjoins them to include, iii c\et\
meal, steak and wine; moreover, He is not pi'opititited
by the irtibibitig of just tUI\' wine (for lie is a jealous
(iod). but insists upon Harvey‘s llristol (‘rcarii Sherry
The parishioners of the (‘liurch of the New Song (for so
their sect is named) also denrand, qua US. eitirens, the
same benefice for their ministers that the prison chaplain
receives ($16,000 per vear); a demand that creates
problems at the merely secular level, inasmuch as they
have three dozen ministers within the prison itself (the
warden, a man of no theological subtlety, is grumbling "I
what he deems their lax principle of apostolic sucees
Mon). Another inmate of the snare prison proclaims as
his goddesses the successive Playmates of the Month, and
is sning for the right to indulge his piety. Best to acceth
to their demands; there is the liirst Ariiendriient to think
of. and besides, we don‘t want to make martyrs of them

I lhe McGovern Admiiiistration-to-be began putting its
new economic policy into effect by handing Eastern All

lines a $45,000 check which, in the parlance of fat tut!
tycoons. bounced. In addition. American Airlines has
suspended credit to the Democratic National Committee
until some overdue bills are paid, which action itiCan~
while prevents any other airline extending credit to tl‘.

D'L'tltttcfllls McGovern is left with three choices: lle Ctlll
hitchhikc; he can fly under an alias; or he cart rtiii on thL
ticket of another party, which, come to think of it llc
should have done a Irrig time ago, i

:f Séysltitor. McGovern has just proposed that the Council

tpc oump (ireecc. Perhaps the Senator doesn't
know, or doesn't care, that it's none of his /our business
the United States not being a member of the Council:
grid evidently he doesn't know that Greece isn‘t a tIIL'lll-y
er of the (‘ouncil either. having withdrawn front it

I h r
ﬂy back III  ‘lbOU L . i

' . I I [ll ‘ IIIIIC l ' ‘ ' '

W I” ‘1". 1e (ILLIdtLI I0 IUII l

OCTOBER 24, 1972

‘ NATIONAL ""5
AND

PIECES

OCTOBER 24, I972

Viet

reprinted front Fidelio
Arizona State Urriitersitv

Before the mass executions that are»
companied the Viet Cong-NVA take over
of Hue during Tet of ‘ott. the worst
atrocity of the Viet Nam war was gener-
ally conceded to ltavc occurred at the
mountain hamlet of Dak Son in De-
cember 1967. Time published the follow-
ing account of that event:

“The reason for the (‘oriuimnists' iri-
tense interest in Dak Sun. a hamlet of
2.000 Montagriard people. was that it was
the new ltorne and saricttiarv of sortie X00
Montagnard refugees who 14 months ago

fled from life under the Viet ('ong iii the
surrounding countryside. where they had
been forced to work in vrrtual slavery as
faintch and porters. The Moritagiiards are
the innocents of Viet Nam. l’ririiitive.
peaceful, sedentary lrrll tribesriien. The
women go bare-breasted and the rrieri, who
scratch otit a living by farrtiitrg arid
lrtrritirig with crossbows and knives. wear
Ioiiieloths.

 

 

GRASS ROOTS

“The Viet Cong not only missed the
services of those Montagiiards who had
fled to government protection. btit also
feared that their lead might be followed
by the 10,000 other Montagnards in the
province of l’htioc Long. many of whom
are still serfs of the V.(‘, Lest others
should get the idea of seeking government
protection. the Communists decided to
make an example of the refugees of Dak
Son.

“The Viet (‘oiig began their attack at
rrridriight. pouring machine gun, mortar.
and roeketfire irrto Dak Son as they had
in the past This attack. however. was to
be very drffererrt from the others The
(s00 Viet ('oiig who asseritbled outside
Dirk Sou were armed With (10 flame:
throwers Yelling and .scrcatitiiig. they
attacked the town. shooting countless
streams of luptid fire that lit tip the ttiglit
and terrified by its very sight a people
who had only recently discovered the use
vtI ttt.tlylics‘

"'llie Viet (’oiig first broke through the

and forced the outmanned militia force
to retreat across the road into the town
proper. There the militiamen were sur-
rounded and isolated-and for the rest of
the macabre night pointedly ignored by
the marauders. The Viet Cong were not
iriteni on a military victory but on a
cold-blooded, monumental massacre of
the helpless Montagiiards.

“To that end. long, ugly belches of
ﬂame lashed out frorri every direction.
garislily illuminating the refugee hamlet
and scaring arid scorching everythingin
their path. The shocking refugees still
inside their houses were incinerated.
Many of those who had tritic to get down
iitto dogholes beneath the houses were
asphyxtated Spraying fire about iii great
whooshing arcs. the Viet ('otig set every»
tltirig afire trees. fences. gardens. chick-
ens. the careful piles oi grain front the
ariririal harvest. Huts that somehow sur-
\I\L‘tl the holocaust were leveled with
grenades Then the hoses of fire were
turned down inside the exposed burrows.

"only when they ran ottt of fuel for

PAGE SEVEN

Cong Terrorism Remembered

their flamethrowers did the Viet Cong
resort to guns. Forcing 160 of the sur-
vivors out of their dogholes, they shot 60
of them to death on the spot. When they
finally abandoned the smoking ruins of
Dak Son, they dragged away with them
into the jungle another IOO of the sur-
vivors.

“in numb horror the other survivors
stumbled out to look for wives, children
and friends. They held handkerchiefs aitd
cabbage leaves to their faces to ward off
the smell of burnt ﬂesh that hung over
everything. One by one the dogholes were
emptied, giving tip the fire-red. bloated.
peeling remains of human beings. Charred
clirldreri were locked in ghastly embrace.
infants welded to the mothers' breasts.
The Victims were almost all women and
children..,All told. 353 of the unarmed
Montagnaids had been murdered and
another 100 kidnapped. 500 were missing
:rther dead or fled iirto the hills. Nearly
50 were wotirided II wttli third decree
burns over tip to .‘0 percent of their

bodies "

perimeter opposite the refugee quarter

Angela's “Good Name" Saved

 

Meet
Radio Hanoi

 

“Racine, Wis—Sen. George McGovern today
accused President Nixon of staging an elabor-
ate. ‘highly publicized global itinkct' by'i'or-
eign policy adviser Henry Kissinger to deceive
the American public on the chances for peace
in Vietnam. The President's real
McGovern charged. ‘has been stalling to prop
up Geri. Thieu and his corrirpt military re-

 

' NIW YORK fl'f‘NHl‘A teacher who
suggested a student ltrid sortieorie to
admire other than Angela I):I\'i\, has been
tired from the llroirs school system

llre irrtrdent tttillllt'tl last .ltrrre
leather \\ilh;irri lituke if lletriiaii Rul-
tler lumoi lltglt Stlrool “its til the liioii\.

trad assigned lrts \llltlt‘l|l\ to write about
sortieorie tlre\ greath admired lyyelic
year old \I\l.lt| l‘tt'ltls tllt|\t‘ -\rrge|a l).i
yrs sa\irte that "triorirrrrienls sliotild be
built" for the Mark ( oiriiiimiist reteiitly
actpntled of charges of supplying gtitis for
.r fatal tomtrooiri shootout

leaclier Iiiirke gave lteld‘s essay .r lit
but \yrote iii the margin oi the paper that
he hoped the girl would iiird "someone

|Illflltt\t‘,

gimc in saigon" ” A,”le in washingmn else black or white" to .ulririrc til the

Post, Aug. [8, 1.972.

“Saigon—Hanoi has called Presidential adviser
to Saigon a

Henry Kissinger's recent trip

itittiie

Ari irrioririal ".oitirrrrttee'. rrrtluduig
l’hillrp Iloriosk\ «it the t ounntrrirst I'arts
liaily Worker Viyran lieltl‘s mother stall

‘curining trick. ,.Nix0ii is still clinging to the “mum,” 0, WM, WMHWH, “WM
Saigon puppCt govcmnwm m “w '1 I“ In” po\crtv program I‘ltllt'tl‘s. arid l,arntirrrba
long the war of aggression and maintain ttety— Shah” l, “m‘ mm“, Md“ Am] H“.
colonialism in South Vietnam.‘ the Hanoi Hampton slurlsi'stttatt lltt‘tt tallett nu

broadcast said." Excerpt from article in
Christian Science Monitor, Aug. 2], 15172.

 

Under the Mil Income in in. y

urn-ma «um
I m: m cation was Att-r m .. tompulua y
Irlct tam-n." of your pullItcll curllirltultotu own”.
Ilnq - upum Ilium or up |o n .
CDII

l
r
r

    

So~called special tax loopholes, Sen. McGovern
has said, “need to be phased out.
they are, the Senator obviously has no qualms
about calling certain ones to the attention of
certain people. The abovv is from a recent

____‘___4__——————

McGOVERN CALLS CONTRIBUTORS
ATTENTION T0 TAX LOOPHOLES

I . .
ll This year your political contribution

can be tax-deductible

on LI" mt mun your flInHihtrliulI Iobﬂluhltty

. i u. .r .

utthnut Itcnlhn you n penny mm. t'l .uu in mum. in h. n . I” u l t u
-

Dirt tour m on. can lull
~ I l mar up a ll

 
  

 But until

lllh “ts pirrtt ipal l ianklyri hairtlie/
\arrthc/ silllllllttllt‘tl llurkc to hisoiiitc.

 

" ‘— sslit're \ltalstir told the leather, “\ott are
tlestro\rrt_ii this tliild's mind We do lI|Il
want you lt'.tth|tlg in our sthools \ou

are not men human but mlioiriari Na/r
(.crriiaiiy protloted the kind oi people
you icpreserit'

lire tormiirttcc \taiited llmlsc fired on
the spot htit Sarrtlit'l said he lacked the
.tttllttttlH liltllst'. attoidirig to a /)tlI/t'
lt‘orker story ol Irrrre .‘i "said he hadn‘t
rriteritletl to lIlIiI anyone and .rpologi/ed.
but Ire insisted he thought Vl\lttit sliotild
pitls sorrieone ‘bettcri than l\rigela l)avrs

     
    

Ill ltlt)l\ lit) to

(iorrirrritlee lcader Shaktu vowed to
"take the issue 'to the street-f ii rietes
saiy " tlri lime ﬁts, the [Mr/v Worltcr
reported that

“Dr l‘eltorr letvis. Superintendent ol
the District ll of tlie liiortx school
system. announced yesterday that WilA
liarri llutke. seventh grade teacher at JIIS
08 iit the Izast Ilrorix 'rs no longer wrtli

McGovern fund-raisins letter askinsttt‘oplv ‘0 us'" its» World headline was "titans

jOin the McGovern Million-Member ("liib.

 

 

Racist 'Icasher (histed tor thhiymg Ari-
gelii Davis "

 

,.___4—

 

 

 

GREAT TREASURED MOMENTS
IN HISTORY

" l he lteinotralrt nominee said his visit with Johnson
at iltt IllI Ranch last \\t‘tl\ was “one of the most
treasured moments of my lilt' llc inherited that war.
Ilc didn't start it He gave tip Itis chance for re-
election in an effort to end it " United Press Inter-
national dispateh, Aug. 30, [972
“I do not mtend to remain silent in the late of what
I regard as a policy of madness which sooner or later
wrll emelop Arriertcan youth by the millions in a war
Without end
‘.our deepening myohemcnt in Vietnam repre-
sents the most tragit drploiiiatrc and moral failure in
our national experiertt e

Otir Vietnam policymakers are unwittingly ad-
vancing the cause of (‘onimunism while seeking to
contain it.” Sen. McGovern, in the Congressional
Record, Apr: 25, [967
"The President is a tortured and confused ntanr
literally tortured by the mess he has gotten into in
Vietnam." McGovern in 1967, quoted by Robert
Anson in "McGovern: A Biography."
On August 9. l97l. speaking at art informal press
coriierence in liedford, New Hampshire, McGovern
said. “ . the real war criminals are the people that de-
ceived (‘oiigress arid the Ariierican people about this
war.
When asked if he meant the administration of
Kennedy and Johnson, the South Dakotan replied:
“No question about it at all. I think they made
very mticli in error in thejudgntertts they tirade."

 

 

 

 

