 

 

 

 

 

view/ arts/ pre View/ airs/pm view/ arts

Procol Harum to Play the Palace on Thursday

by Bill Brina

Buffalo Festival Productions
'will bring Procol Harum to the
Palace Theater next Thursday,
November the 2nd. Opening the
show will be two Irish singers,
Leo O'Kelly and Sonny Condell,
better known to the world as Tir
Na Nag. Tir Na Nog plays the
music of the Irish gods, filtered
through their experiences on the
road and shaped by their own
personalities. Also featured will
be Sleeleye Span, an English
folk band specializing in songs of
ardent men and easy ladies. in-
vested with ringing harmonies
and given sparkling coloration

from electric fiddle. dulcrmer,
bass, guitars, and mandolin. I've
heard their debut album-Below
the Salt (the title refers to the
ancient English practice of plac-
ing expensive, imported salt, at
the center of a long trestle table.
The gentry sat above it, the
common folk belowl—and it’s
excellent. Their version of "John
Barleycorn" easily cuts Traffic’s
version, and that‘s saying a lot.
Usually, when an agency pushes
opening acts on the tour of a
bona fide star the openers usual-
ly prove throwaways, but this
piickage that Chyrsalis Records
assembled promises to be really
fine.

Heading up the show will be a
band that paid its dues for far
too long, but doesn’t have to
pay them anymore. Procol
Harum's been a “Cult group” for
nearly as long as there’s been
such a thing; beloved by a few
cognoscenti and ignored by the
rest of the concert-going public.
Finally, their "Live" album with
the Edmonton Symphony Or-
chestra and the single from that
album, “Conquistador,” gave
them the public recognition they
so richly deserved The band
that will appear at the Palace is
that same hand with one excep-
tion—guitarist Mick Graham has
replaced David Ball. Chris Cop-
ping has really ﬂowered as an
organist since bassist Alan Cartv
wright joined the band, and the
drumming of Ed Wilson just gets
stronger and stronger.

next Thursday night; they lay the ethereal that you won’t want
out a rare blend of the halo and to mill.

 

  

 

 

by Sue Leboff

The John Sebastian concert at the Palace Theater
Monday night was a winner, but it started otit all
wrong. The stringer group, Elf, went on 45 minutes
late, and played miserably to a decidedly unfull
house. After their first number, lilf's equipment
broke down, and while it was getting fixed. the guy
whonil’ll have to call the vocalist, even though hc
couldn’t sing, announced that Elf has an album
coming out this week. Nobody who was at that
concert should buy the album. The groups‘s second
number, a loud, hard-driving song with some iiilci~
esting piano, was not bad...no, I‘m not going to even
pretend to be even-handed. Folks, Elf is awful.

Then John Sebastian uand friends" strode in, and
made everything all right more than all riglil.
They made everything and everyone in that thcatcr
feel, as it says in Sebastian‘s lyrics. “likc it was
raining daisies.” The combination of charisma.
talent, audience response, and magic that goes into
making an unforgettable coriccrl was ilrcrc. and
everyone sensed it. Eli‘s literally had vrbcs wcrc
forgotten. Sebastian was king for a night.

First he sang “Sittin on Top of‘ihc World." The

Sebastian Shines in Concert at the Palace

audience, small as it was, went with him from the
start, clapping, humming, bouncing, and shouting
requests. A harmonica tune called “Rusty Train"
followed, and proved to be a highlight in a concert
that was so evenly entertaining that the highlights
were hard to spot. Before the Lovin' Spoonful and
fame happened to John Sebastian, he played liar-
inonica for other people’s albums. Now that he's a
star himself, his harmonica can get the full attention
it deserves. Additional high points included a solo
by the drummer, Charlie Shanahan, in one of the
louder. less country-sounding numbers, “Black Satin
Kid." “Dixie Chicken" :1 funny bluegrass ballad that
was one of the two songs in the program Sebastian
didn‘t write, and a somewhat hoarse but very
moving rendition of “She‘s A Lady."

Sebastian‘s voicc started falling down after about
ten stings, and hc tried to cut the concert short. but
there was no way tluit‘that small hill dctcrrnincd
audience was letting go ofhim so soon. It is to
Sebastian‘s L'lL‘tlll that he came back and sang
several additional numbcrs, even though lll.\‘ voice
was hurting. He did not get around to singing several
of thc old lavoritcs the audicncc requested. “Red

 

Eye Express,” “Younger Generation,“ and “Magical
Connection" being the three trademark numbers the
reviewer missed most. But those songs go back
six-seven years, and if Sebastian’s sick of them, it's
understandable.

He accompanied two numbers on the autoharp, a
folk instrument that doesn’t turn up in many bands
but should turn up more. For the rest, he alternated
between acoustic guitar and he also whistled a bit.
He has an enviable perfect-pitch whistle. Whistling
expressed beautifully the image Sebastian projects--
that of the carefree lot/able country boy to whom
it’s not an image, but the way Sebastian really is.
When he sings “Nasville Cats" he means every word
of it. Nashville permeates his songs and his singing
now just as it did in the Lovin‘ Spoonful days. He
knows how to husk country corn down to sortie-
thing fine and personal.

Sebastian’s three friends \‘thO mainly over-
shadowed. but their playing and vocal harmoni-
Iation were excellent. and they certainly belonged
in the show. Sebastian said that after playing in a
\lilllg of echoing gyms, the Palace was a nice
change, I hope it was nice enough to draw him back
again soon.

The focus of Procol Harum,
though, has always been on lyri-
cist Keith Reed and singer/
arranger/pianist Gary Brooker.
Keith is one of the better-known
enigmas of progressch rock;
admired, discussed, but nr-ver
understood. Gary llrooker is the
man who turns Keith‘s cryptic
lines into deeply felt, strongly
articulated vocals ’llie kind that

 

,

r  ‘\ - ' ‘
At left, Gary Booker and Keith Reid of Procol Harum.

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

The Blues" This Weekend

(,‘nn SUNYA support the blues I'Vl’ll at Starvation Prim-s"

“An Evening of the Bliics" will l)l' pri-st-ntcd Saturday, October EH,
1972 at lht' Campus (lym, 9:00 p.m. Admission is low. Advertised as
“starvation blch freak prit't‘s" l'l‘ lh‘ just that at $|.E’)ll advaan
and $2.00 at the door to SUNYA sludcnts wrth ii) and tax cards.

With a low ticket price, a full cvurirng of good music by traditional
bluesmen ~ Buddy Guy and Junior Wi-Ils Band - plus others, there is
no reason this show should not bt- packed. Ycl, blues somchow have
always been under-appreciated in the U H. Such Amcrican greats us
John Lee Hooker, Muddy Waters and Buddy (luy how long curoycd
much more acclaim in Europe than at homc. Until lhc Rolling
Stones did “Littlc Red Rooster" of "Spoonful," how many of thi-
middli- American tt-cnagcrs had t-Vt-r heard of Chicago's Willie
Dixon'.’

Wells and (iuy, while of traditional (‘hit'ago hint-s vrntagc, arr-
consrdrcd “in the vanguard of lllt' lll'Wl'hl blur-s style Visual,
spontaneous ~ alri-Iching the limits of the once rigid form toward
Jazz, toward rhythm and blues."

Mississippi-born Wells lcarncd to play harmonica from llll' im
mortal Sonny Boy thllillnhull, and that inﬂuence shows on his
version of Williamson's "So Sad This Morning." Wells doesn't malii- a
record unless Buddy Guy plays lead guitar, which makt-s lhc SUNYA
show a rather crt-ativc combination. “llt- makes blues moan," says
Wells. Born in Baton Rouge, La., (luy, also, is of llll‘ Chicago style-
"guilar runs too flihl to hear, too oomph-x to grasp, or, in a sudden
change of pace, he will sustain one slow, tingling iii-rvc I'lltl of a noti-
after anothcr. lll' will start ii bong only to break off and bcgin
another, at times muttering impassioned syllable». malt-ad of Words.
or erruptitig into gospel-like i-xhortalion. llc plays his gurlur oni-
handed, or at armii' length, or llt'llllltl his llill‘k or (Mr his lll'lltl, and
he is an likcly as not to cud a act by It-avrng hn. band onstago,
wandering off into the audit-lire, trailing tlic long t'lt‘t‘ll’lt‘ cord
behind him, ocatiitically singing and playing lllh‘ way throuin thi-
crowd and out the exrt door, cli-ar out of sight, Wllllt' thr~
disembodied frenzy of his lnlliilt‘ hllll billows out from the
loudspeakers."

"Some teenage, so-callod ‘Superstara' could well taki- notc. And of
course, may have. With a bright colored wardrobe, sex appeal of
youth, and a slick hit record - which many times in a direct copy of a
blurriiman's classic - the young aiipcraturs attract huge crowds and
make fortunes. While America's classic bluesmeu, the ones who
started it all go, for the moat part, unnoticed."

A good turn-out on October 2“ may find Albany b‘tate opening its
doors to additional concerts with a mimic-cultural significance
llcaidna good music, you might just find you really like “The Blmm"
after all.

remain soulful without becom-
ing cmbarassing. Catch thcm

Above, Steeleye Span.

Both groups nwill] play the Pal-

acc Theater on Thursday, Novcnber 2

What's Up for the Weekend

...l.ots of things to do; the
iioled Mi-xicnn dancc lroupc llnl
(cl illrryir rlr' Ritbcii l)iurrlc
comes into thi- Performing Arts
Center Sunday, Monday, dr
’l‘ucsday. 'l'hcrc will he rain
dances, firc dances, and a rcprc
sciitaliou of human sacrifice!
Tickets available at the PAC box
office. Louis lt‘alcti's Dilllt’t'
(Yoriipriiiy gave a lccturc demoti-
slratioii last nitc and an informal
li-t'liirc this morning Their main
performance will lil‘ this t-Vcning
at tho l’At‘ don‘t miss “thi-
dancer's Marshall McLuhan."
'l'hcrc's a sci of classes being
givcn by them Saturday down at
the PE Building, loo.

Ilr'rlillu “HINT, a well-known
:ir‘cii songstri-ss. will ('Illl'l‘liilll at
tho H h'lt'ir (l~l Willclt SLl toriilr-
illlll lomoi'i‘ow cvcning .\'r'hci'
holds forth at ('Iit'lr' Ray's With
their hardcdgcd rock and roll
The liyrrls wrll llL' at lertlnirirr'
tomorrow for two show; one
niitl four in lhc tillt-i'iiooii As far
as Wl' can tell, guitarist (‘liiir-rrr-r'
ll'liili' Will be Wllll thorn, con
trary to |Hll)llhll|'ll reports that
he'd split.

AND Nlt‘X’l‘ WICICK Chicago In
bringing a llllll"tl'illlllltill'tltlllilr
sound system, coinplcti- wrtli
dim-as of ramlodarzle inoova
tions, to the l‘ui-sday fir chiica
day into concerts at the “Pl
Armory Sound cngiiict'ri. will

ﬁllt'nd hours aligning the system
to the Armory‘s quirks, so the
sound should be good. Concert
Board please trike note: If first
rate equipment can make the
ltl’l Armory sound decent, it
would make the HUNYA gym
sound like the Fillmore East.
The Armory hart got to be the

nardcst hall to do sound for that
this writer's ever seen.
*****

()u 'l‘uesday, October Ill, the
Univrlrsity-Community Sym-
phony-Orchestra will perform its
first concert of the year in the
main theater of the PAC. The
program will include Weber's
Overture to “Die Freischutz,” a
l-landcl Oboe concerto featuring
Rene l’rins on the oboe, and
Elgar's massch “Enigma Varial
thins."

Mr Prins, a graduati- of thc
.Juilliard School of Music, has
lit-on a faculty member ht-r'c at
SUNYA for just ii few years, but
has left his impression on tho
i-iitirc Albany cohort-going
audience through his Albany
Symphony and Albany State
appearances. lie is praised for his
clarity of tone and his tcchriical
mastery,

COLLEGE STUDENT’S
'l‘lic NA'l‘ltiNAl

’I‘he UCSO will be playing an
away game in Cobloskill lht‘
night before, and would like to
return home to cheering crowds
on Halloween night. And be-
sidcs, there‘s good music to l)t'
played. You might as well go.
You'll enjoy it.

*****

Two shows currently are on
exhibit in the art gallery in the
Campus Center at State Univr-r-
sity of New York tit Albany.
There is photography in black
and white and in color by James
Poscilico which will run until
Nov. If) in tht: second floor
gallery “Large Sculpture Rcv
t'enlly ltIxr-cutcd at SUNYA," ill‘l
exhibition of seven pieces, will
be shown through Oct. ﬁll) in the
l’atroon Lounge.

'l‘hcrc is no admission charge
Visitors are advised to call
l57~6tl21l for viewing hours

POETRY ANTHOLOGY
. POETRY ruass

announces its

SPRING COMPE’l‘l'l‘ION

'llic climng dart- tor the iubrniuion of manuscripts by (.ollcgc Stratum. is

NovemberS

ANY .S’l'llliliN'l‘ ant-riding cllhcr Junior or senior college is cligilil‘ in snhiini
his vcrsc. 'l‘licrc is no limitation as to form or theme. Shortcr works. arc pic-
lcrrcd by the board of judgcl, bcransc oi space limitations.

Bach chnl must be 'l'Yl'El) or l'RlN'l El) on a separate slit-ct. and It'l‘ll‘ill
bear is NAME and HUME ADDRESS of llic student, and the C(ltlchl'.

ADDRESS as well.

MANUSCRII'TS Illullltl be neat to the OFFICE (ll’ T HE PRESS

NATIONAL POETRY l'RI’SS

5210 Selby Avcnuc

Lor llagaies. (, lit.

'a
ODDS-l

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1972

 

  
   
 
 
    
  
  

S.U.N.Y.A. Concert Board

WELCOMES

(i t."

   

P
3"“ 0°“ ,

. ‘ ~ 5 t ‘
‘1 “0‘ ohm“: NW”
at

   

Jr. Wells
Band

AND GUEST ARTISTS

 

Advance Tickets at Cumpul Center
I with SUNYA lD plus Tor Cards

$3.00

at the door

All General Public (Proof oi la y" or
College ID Required)

0 CTO BER 28th
Campus Gym.

9:00 p.m.

Produced in Cooperation with
NATlONAl. STUDENT PRODUCTIONS, lNC. (ll?) JU 60909

 

 

\

FRIDAY, OCTOBER LU, l‘)’/f‘.

 

 

Mayall Still the Master

by Bill Brina

In all the countless tours that
vctcran English blues master
John Mayall has under his belt
there must have been at least a
coupls of shows moved as many
times as his Oct. lSth appear-
ancc was, but there couldn‘t
have been too many The Colo-
nic (‘olisciim was, depending on
who you talked to, either the
3rd or 41h she planned for the
show, which lS amazing when
you consider John's drawing
power as an act and his sterling
prtlfcssltllltlllslll. Anyway. thcrc
he was at l():00 PM. (the first
show was cancelled because the
audience was so sparse), leading
a band that featured foiii' cx-
ccllcrrt black musicians and
hunting a show that managed to
hc vciv tllllt‘tt‘lll from all of his
cailici touring shows and yet
on) tarriiliarly John Mayall.

'lhc laririliaiily t'illllt' from
John lurnsclt, lhc bhicsy,
litillh) torik piano. thc ihyihrrric.
bouriii h.in playing, and the
loglioiii vocals John's vocal

liliigt‘ was only an llL'lIlVl' oi st)

to begin with and years of tour-

ing have worn it down to per-
haps half that, but the feeling is
still there, and that‘s enough.
Drummer Kecf Hartley, veteran
,of some of the earliest Mayall
bands, provided another rcferani
for the “Mayall sound“ with his
steady, tasteful support (marred
only by an over-ambitious at-
tempt at a solo),

Mayall‘s other riiusiciaris added
a distinctively different colora-
tion to the ensemble. The line-
tip wasn‘t that radically different
an instrumentation from the cit-
ca ‘08 Blucsbrcakcrs featured on
the “I.ch in Europe" Li’s, but
the feeling these musicians
brought to John‘s music was
refreshingly mellow. Guitarist
Freddie Robinson cschcwt’d the
high-volume pyrotechnics of
white English blucs guitarists in
favor of a swcctcr, more jam.-
irillncrrccd style, and hassmaii
Victor (iaskin, playing a stand-
up acoustic bass, provided a very
warm, vivrd tonc. 'l‘rtiiiipctcr
liluc Mrtclicll played in a vciv
rclaxcd, rolling sylc. Icavrng the
flash to conic from saxriiaii liicd
('lni. whose xlaccalo solos ic-

ceivcd an extremely enthusiastic
audience response.

In fact, everyone received an
enthusiastic response. The
audience that did show that eve-
ning was a real Mayall audience,
and provided John with an ex-
cellent opportunity to showcase
his jazzblues fusion band. Many
an English rock musician has
used Mayall‘s tours as a stepping-
stone to personal stardom - Eric
('lapiori, Mick Taylor. Jack
Bruce, artist of Flectwood Mac.
half the hornmen in the British
Isles, and assorted othch turned
their exposure with John to
good advantage. Hopefully, this
tour will provide some badly
needed exposure to Freddie
Robinson, Victor Gaskin, Blue
Mitchell, and Fred Clar,. They've
been playing some damn fine
music for many years, only to be
overlooked at crucial points in
then careers because at any
givcti time they wercnt'i doing
whatever was currently fusion-
ablc, l’crhaps the association
with Mayall will turn on white
tollch audiences to these me”,
I‘m sure that‘s what John would
Willll.

 

 

 

 

 Digits

:ﬂbany

 

Fairisle Sweater

Jitterbugs

by Willie Smith

(Warehouse)

Denims $3.99
Corduroys $5.95

troy

GFE-EFEEF

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

1

'0
11>
O
l?"
\1
>

