 

 

 

SUNY
Trustees
ecry Cuts;

Discuss

Relevancy

'methods to give education to as many peop

Editors’ Now: _This story first appeared  the Knicker:
backer News-Union Star and was authored by Vicki .4
Zeldin, former News Editor and Capitol Correspondent for

the Albany Student Press.

st task is to seek innovative

“The State University ’5 bigge
1e as possible at

the lowest possible cost," according to James Warren. Vice
chairman of the State University of New York’s Board of
Trustees.

This note of constraint and consolidation while still
providing an education for the state’s more than 550,000
students seeking a higher education at SUNY was sounded
by almost each one of the 15-member Board of Trustees.

Policy Makers

The trustees are the chief policy making body of the
university system. They approve the establishment of
community and four-year colleges and set standards for
the schools’ organization and curricula.

The board sets tuition and fees at the schools, and
distributes funds allocated to the various schools. In
addition, the trustees approve the appointments of the
colleges’ presidents as well as the university system’s
central administration Perhaps the most important ap-
pointment they make is that of the chancellor of the
system, currently Ernest L. Boyer.

With the fiscal constraints being placed on almost all
state agencies by last year’s state legislature, the State
University system found itself faced with ever increasing
demands for education from state residents, while at the
same time operating under a virtual “hold the line"
budget.

Cuts H urt

“State University of New York was hit very hard,"
Elisabeth Moore, chairman of the board, said, “but we
were determined to be good sports about it...the governor
has been generous so we tried to cut costs."

Like the other trustees, Mrs. Moore hoped that the
university system's budget would not be cut again, “We
can't serve this great number of students on a shoestring,”
she said.

However, most of the trustees voiced an opinion similar
to Gretchen Siegel's when she said, “adversity is sometimes
a good thing . . . we had to evaluate our programs . . .you
cannot take and take and think the well will never go dry."

Hugh Jones, a trustee from the Utica area, said of the
tightened financial situation of the university system,
“While it causes a lot of pain, it is healthy. We must be
continually ingenious and imaginative about providing a
good education in cheaper ways."

The State University system has grown in leaps and
bounds in the past decade, advancing from a small group
of teacher's colleges to a complex maze of schools from
the community college level to the graduate level. Esta-
blished by the legislature in 1948, New York was the last
state in the union to have a public university system. “We
had a lot of catching up to do," Mr. Warren said.

Fast Growth?

To some state residents and lawmakers, the university
system has grown fast, and often too fast for their liking.
Some have charged that the mammoth system has been
wasteful and irresponsible with taxpayer's money.

“I don't question that we’ve grown too fast . . . but we
had to grow that fast to meet the needs..." Mr. Warren
said.

“Every Monday morning quarterback is better than the
Saturday morning quarterback. I don't see any of what 1
would call waste in expenditures," Mr. Jones said.

“There is a turbulence in society that causes some to
turn on the students saying ‘you're to blame‘. . . when
they are merely pointing up society ’5 ills, but some people
don't want to see the problems," Mr. Jones said, and
added, "some people take this frustration out on the
university system "

Manly Fleischmann, a trustee from Buffalo, disagrees
With his fellow board members on SUNY's expansion rate
at least in one area. “I feel SUNY has over-built. There are
enough, if not too many. campuses. We must finish those

 

Governor Rockefeller has ann united the appointment of
Robert R. Douglass, 40, former Sr’cretary to the Governor,
as a member of the Board of Trustees of the State
University of New York, for u (I'rm ending June 30, 1980.

Mr. Douglass, a native of Brng/iunrton and a graduate of
Dartmouth College and Cornle ('muersity Law School, is
associated in the privale prur'llr'a of law in the firm of
Milbank, Tweed. Hadley and lilrt‘lmg

Mr. Douglass was appointed I"lrsl Assistant Counsel to
the Governor in December [.96.] and served in that
capacity until he was appomrmj ('ounsel to the Governor
in September 1965. On Jamer 1 1971, he was appointed
Secretary to the Governor Ilr' (A a member of the New
York State Bu Association run] [he Broome County Bar
Association. He was named n. (In (he vacancy caused by
the resignation of Warren Chm

JAMES J. WARREN

Greenwich, Connecticut ‘I'ln
and Andrew, and u daughlm- /< 

salary.

 

Mr. Douglass is married in "’4' /,,rmer Linda Luna of
w two sons, Robert, Jr.,

Members of the State I'm 1 . Board serve without

 

Five ol the SUNY llusluess JOHN A. ROOSEVELT,
THOMAS VAN ARSDALE, WILLIAM D. HASSETT,
JOHN L. S. HOLLOMAN, and ROBERT R. DOUGLAS v
are not pictured hen.-

we are committed to and not start new ones,” he said.

“The state is not able to afford new construction, and
it's not needed. We must learn to manage our resources
better," Mr. Fleischmann said

He is in favor of increasrng teacher work loads, and feels
that while the university system should accept as many
students as possible students should not all be allowed to
go to their first choice if there IS not sufficient room.

Varied ltducation

And what about the education provided by the 72
campus-university system which runs a wide gamut from a
traditional liberal arts proguem to specialized areas on the
undergraduate levels?

“We need to continue to preserve the high academic
standards of scholarship while being responsive to the
needs of all of our society." John Holloman a trustee from
New York City said.

“We must work Close wnh industry so we will not be
training people for nonexistent jobs . . . we need to
produce more professionals at a more rapid rate," he said.

Mr. Holloman feels that innovation and change are
necessary for a viable and meaningful educational system.
“There are many traditions. in education that many see as
meaningless. We must reappl‘alse our tendencies to cling to
traditional educational convepls and methods," he said.

Sluduul (:OHIS

Don Wickham, a trustee hum the Binghamton area, had
somewhat mixed feelings .ilmul the educational goals that
some student persue, as well as the university's move
towards some form of an open d(lmiﬁsions policy.

“Too many kids are Llullll :through the full school
lineup," he said. “The surplus? is on too many people
going to school without knowan what they're going to do

. . perhaps they should luvel this kind of counseling
before they go to SUNY," hound.

Mr. Wickham feels [hill “lrhcrdliarts in fine for those who
can know and use them but an arts education doesn't
train you for a lot of thing» "

“I believe people should lidvvra job. I think we should
" Mr." Wickham said,

Ward. Mr. Wickham com-

have more technical schools.
A five-year veteran ol the

merited. “One can go to schoolmd mill” in Philosophy,_

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY. oc'l'OBER 3. 1972

CLIFTON W. PHALEN

ELISABETH LUCE MOORE

HUGH R. JONES

but it is pretty hard for one to philosophize for a living.”

Clifton Phalen, a trustee from Shelter Island echoed the
university’s recently released master plan saying, “there are
a lot of people who would do well in community colleges
and not feel duty bound to get a four—year arts degree.
Instead, they could step out and find what they want, and
if they find they want more education, we should provide
them with the opportunity to do so."

Margaret Quackenbush, a trustee from Herkimer,
sounded a note that has been heard more and more in
recent years concerning the financing of education.

“Society is demanding that the young have a higher
education in order to qualify for jobs and become a part of
the work force. We must be willing to pay more, and the
day is going to come when two years of higher education
will be free to anyone who wants it," she said.

She indicated that the cost for this education should not
have to be borne solely by the state citizen or student, but
that the federal government should help in the funding.

l’rivale Financing

The question of financing higher education has not just
been a problem of the Board of Trustees of the State
University of New York. A hue and cry within the state
has risen from the private institutions of higher education
that claim they will be forced to close if they are not given
financial assistance.

While the trustees all acknowledged the importance of
these schools, they did not feel that it was the State
University‘s responsibility to help keep them alive. Most
felt that with better management and some aid from the
state they would be able to keep going.

“This is not SUNY's responsibility. The well run private
schools are getting along," according to Roger Sinnot, a
trustee from Utica.

“1 think if the private schools expect the state to pay and
take over their financial burdens, they might as well be a
part of State University," he said.

Perhaps the greatest critic of State University was Dr.
John S. Holloman, Jr. A black, he most acutely felt the
plight of the underprivileged in the state.

"We need to broaden our philosophical understanding of
higher education since we do have a society which is

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ROGER J. SINNOTT

MANLY FLEISCHMANN BUSH

DON J. WICKHAM

OREN ROOT

MARGARET T. 0UACKEN>

economically and socially classed there is a difference in
the opportunities offered," he said.

"It is up to State University to fulfill its goal of helping
every man become all that he is capable of being," Dr.
Holloman said.

He felt that State University had not been given enough
money to work with, and said, “The remedial and
enrichment programs need bolstering."

Quite obviously critical of some of the system’s policies
he commented, “It is impossible to educate citizens to the
basic truths of humanity by simply mouthing a lot of
tenets that we don't hold.”

Trustee Operations

The Board of Trustees is currently operating with only
14 members since one appointment is pending. The
governor, with the consent of the Legislature appoints the
board members for a term of 10 years. No trustee may
serve once he has reached the age of 70.

Although the university’s central administration is
located in Albany, the trustee’ monthly two-day meetings
are usually held in New York City. Trustees are reimbursed
for their traveling expenses but receive no salary for their
service.

William Hassett, from Buffalo, described the trustees'
duties as “... to mind, oversee and set policy for the State
University..."

“Ultimately,” he said, “the control of the over all policy
of the university rests in the people of the state through
the trustees."

Acknowledging the criticism often leveled against the
university. Mr. Hassett said, “The activities of State
University should be commended rather than carped."

Terming the basic judgments of the board “good ones,"
Oren Root, an eight year veteran of the board from New
York City, described the board as “a series of people
representing special interests," and felt their general
backgrbunds were a great aide to their developing policy
and the like.

On the possibility of including SUNY students or faculty
members on the board, he said, “we wouldn’t have enough
room...and noted the potential hazards of selecting the
right student or professor who could represent all students
and faculty members.

PAGE NINE

 

