    

as: my “

..;.5

a 5‘"-

,- parlﬁ‘...-:r.£LB-‘ <

. ch‘v-{ .1

.7...::-¢:'B

 
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
     
  
  
     
     
   
   
  
   
      
 
 

a Hu.~.»«~av&a-"“

 

 

 

M Mitchell Frost

The new Nixon offensive in Vietnam was mildly!) and 'that it would be wise (finally!) to
announced to the nation last Monday and has mine the enemv'lport- Ind hubon-Inotherworda.
provoked new attacks on our right to take, action 15°" Wine“ lint“ the “Mt h" overﬂow“ before
against North Vietnamese aggression on her decidlnl *0 "1m 01'1"“ fluent.
neighbor and rour ally, South Vietnam. The debate '1‘“ mm" “mm” Haiphoh" Thanh Hm' Vihh'
over the origins of American involvement in the war "Id a" om" port cm” in the North "had a“
and our rm“ to mun“ I w” Fancy to protect entrance points for Russian military equipment are
South Vietnam from fallingunder renewed pressure olmoh‘ly intended to he"), out Rm'f‘h “h'pa'
mam the communma i.’ on“ "ﬁn. fermenting“ Russian complicity (and Chinese complicity, for
lidit of what appears to be a change in the enemy’s that nun") h” be" almo't totally immed' “5 if
war strategy. I won't go intoalong-winded diatribe the 80”” Union We" “"h'hhhg heumh i" this
our the “acuity to meet every challenge to peace conﬂict and only Big'Bad U.S.A. was threatening
with an adequ.“ fawn“, but Pause to mention world peace by getting involved in the war in
that the North Vietnmm, advemmem over the Southeast Asia. Now that Russia’s role in the war
course of two decades has demonstrated a character has been highhhhte‘i h); the P'e‘ideht‘“ de°i5i0'¥hw°
so bloodthirsty that it rivals the horror of Adolf "9 m” h‘“ ‘h" my ° j’“d5°me“‘ " '39“ “5‘ “‘
Hm“ the President has permitted the Sovret Union to

[mom u the new enemy offensive is relying effectively (and unimpeded) aid a country with
heavily on traditional military tactics (as opposedto WhICh we are at, w" '8 mmukhble‘ That the
the guerrilla-type war that communists have always Rushiam' Fauhh" m the “at would Chm”? ""5
fought in Vietnam, much to the American military confronmhoh “5 the ﬁnal ShOWdow" “mply
huh commandh chagrin) and considering the {act underestimatestheir ability to take “two steps

that North Vietnam is relying almost completely on hﬁ‘hh'dn" “5 Lem.“ PM “L ‘ h . i
the material she receives from her two communist e 'mhom‘ht mm“ h° keep '"hmfhd "ght “0w '5
"his brothers," especially the soviet UnionI the that a 'sign of American unwillingness to take
Pridentis new course of action appears to be afﬁrmative action when called for in Vietnam will
extremely generous. Cutting off the enemy's lines of suggest 3 “mm” "nw'lhhghess to ‘10 5° in other
communication and supply is standard military Sam ,of the wﬁt‘ld' Th” goes m beyond the Old
procedure. The administration hopes that by domino theory for once America can be counted
choking on the ﬂow of supplies into the North, on. to avoid foreign aggression agaisnt her allies, her
supplies which have provided the North Vietnamese antes w'"_seek pmtechmh from that Very nation
with the necessary means for carrying out their which desires to colonialize them: Russia. If this
present offensive‘ the communists will have to m” happens it will usher in civilization's darkest era. To
back their troops and cal'off the invasion. What is pmvfmt “"5 _the Unwed States mu“ adopt a

simply amazing about the whole operation‘ conSIstent policy of retaliation against those who
however, is its timing. It is unfortunate that it took seek our desthuct'of' and the desur-Ction Of our

a gigantic enemy invasion of the South. armed to allies, The Presidents announcement last Monday is
the hilt with Soviet equipment, for the President to the mat step "n. the creht'o" 0f “Ch “ POHCY Md

realize that the inﬂux of such weapons to the North comes as a renal to those of "5 Wh° thought mm hﬁ.

(mum hurt his Vietnamizmion program (to put it was not prepared to meet the new enemy with any
real or effective response.

 

Production W

warren withers

 

Non-liter MI.“

I w "chute-l idilon
mm- O'IW:"- Irv run-o. "in" may." oeblua hum-m
“new” vie—am "on", “hi-Ida- mww Iluiiwligum
' . moan may. lim- mu. Alba-ii haunted littor-
Mm". “MI “hues: ‘h listen room"
I elm lbw re- in man My!“ mm
h I‘- Ian dbl M a ﬁ
“3?... “""m‘" 2"" “'“m‘s'n‘l'ar'h
in: m In“, Cal-a mo wood
men-ta tuna: WI“ victims-n In“. lltiar
tram-m mama mull "It'qu

mWwHOIWHIMMSMHMD-udﬁmwwolh VDIIDIM. "MMIMMAnnm.
“hm-.mdlmhu“ MuhthQ~lhm"haththWV-vwlurmmpar

,WnWﬂnm-nmal
h“ H“ mnmndwmmmumummmi

 

FAG'E 6' ASP EXTRA

 

communications," including roads,

major rail links between Southern
the North Vietnamese on
the northeast.

Vietnam's war gear is provide
by sea. This gear includes tanks,
missiles, radar, and gasoline and of.
much of this equipment.

The Chinese supply mainly small arms,
Finally, there is a real question in the
M, u. vm Inn mums-mums Iﬂlldlr-M- MMMR—mb-mmmmmmmw how much effect the shutting off or No
on improving in the short run the Soul.
for beating back North Vietnam's offon

8 IN

By Robert May-r

MutAimrlcauandwomstu-u
dents failed to realize the futility
and danger that exists in Nixon's
latt effort to win the war for the
South Vietnamese militarily. It is
far from comforting to know that
the man who now is the comman-
der- - of all American military
forces is Richard M. Nixon. He is
a man who has never shown any
regard for human life and Monday
evening he clearly illustrated his
disregard for the American people
themselves. He has been, through
out his political career, an ira-
tional man obsessed with his own

image of being the leader of the
so-called “free world". He is a
man who is incapable of recog—
nizing defeat. and what can be
more clearer now than the defeat
of his plan of "Vietnamization."
On April 16, Richard Nixon could
face the world and say that from
all that he has heard the South.
Vietnamese are ﬁghting coura-
geously and honorably. He was
lieing then, just as he had been
lieing to us for three years. But
that night the President figured
that Quantri province was a long
way from being taken over by the
North Vietnamese. The United
States along with the rest of the
world had not yet seen South
Vietnamese troops retreat into
Hue and burn down their own
city's market. The world had not
known that South Vietnam was
about to be cut in half by the

North Vietnamese advancing

troops and that the capital city of
Saigon was threatened. When peo-

ple are ignorant of something,

they can he lied to.

The world has now seen the
miserable failure of “Vietnami
zation.” Unfortunately, the worir

may see a'lot more in the next
few days. On Monday, May 8, the
chief executive could not lie any

moid’ah‘d all that he could offer
was thevmining and blockading of
North Vietnamese ports and
threatened any action necessary
to stop the shipment of arms
supplies to the North Vietnamese.
The risk of creating new tensions
with the Soviet Union was ob-
viously small enough for him. By
now we have learned that he will
stop at nothing in order to defend
the government of Saigon.

What is important to understand
is that this is not just another
rhetorical act. Many of us have
lived with the threat of nuclear
war all our lives and have become
hardened to that idea. We have
heard about the “balance of po-
wer" and the possibility of WWIII
so many times that it has lost its
sense of seriousness and reality.
But what if they chances of nu-
clear war exist, no matter how
small they are? How many of us
are willing to accept that possibili-
ty? A possibility that now exists
because of the singular act of one
madman and the other murderers
he associates with.

No one can now predict what
will happen with the two major
world powers. What is clear, how-
ever, is that the groundwork has
been laid for serious conﬂict. Will
the Russians be willing to suffer
the humiliation they experienced
in ‘62 with the missile crisis or
will they call Nixon’s bluff? Too
bad Americans must look to an
insane man to answer the ques—
tion.

 

What Will the

Russians do?

Haiphong is considered particularly vulnerable to mining, because its

harbor can be reached only through relatively restricted channels
leading from the Gulf ofTonkin.

Seventh Fleet strength has been built up to about 60 ships, roughly

the same as during the height of the 1965-1968 phase of the war

A key question now is: What will the Russians do, if anything?

The Soviets conceivably could sen
the explosives from the North
coivably, too,

d mincsweepers to try and clear
Vietnamese port approaches. Con-
the Soviets could send warships to escort the mine-
sweepcrs. There is no indication how the United States would
respond.

The Soviets might well consider Nixon‘s actions an open challenge

and this could carry with it the dim
between the United States and Russia.

ger of a military confrontation

Much less risky is Nixon‘s order to cut off “rail and all other

to the maximum extent possible.

This means that U.S. war planes are once again free to hammer two

China and Hanoi. one leading into
pital from the northwest and the other from

Before the and of the sustained bombing campaign in 1968, U.S.

pilots were ordered to stay at least 10 miles away from the Chinese
border. Nixons words curried no hint of any such restriction this
time, although it could be contained in operational orders.

According to current U.S. estimates, about 75 per cent of North

d by the Soviet Union and most arrives
trucks, artillery, surface-to-air
her petroleum products to power

ammunition, and artillery.
minds of some observers as to

rth Vietnamese ports can have
b Vietnamese army’s prospects
sive.

 

MAY 11, 1972

  

 

 

 

MAY11,1972

66 0 ' . .
Our aim has never been freedom for Vietnamv’v"

By David McReynolds
ANAL YSIS

A month ago the war seemed almost to have
vanished. Even"though more than 300 a day were
being killed in the Air War, they were dying
lnvisibly, fanfromnbe media — and they were not
Americans. Today a major new crisis has emerged.
U.S. air and naval forces in the lndochina area are
the most powerful since the war began. Hanoi has
been heavily bombed. Soviet and East German ships
have been damaged in Haiphong Harbor, and the
level of ground fighting is the fiercest since the Tet
Offensive in 1968. This is an analysis seeking to pui
some of the issues into context. Let us begin with
the aims of the Vietnamese and the aims of the
Americans, aims that have barely changed since the
U.S. entered the war more than ten years ago.

Unchanging Aims

The Americans have, from the beginning, sought
to establish a “friendly” government in Sculh
Vietnam — a client state ~ which would permit us a
military foothold on the Asian mainland, help us
“contain” China, and open natural resources for
development by the West. Our aim has never been
freedom for South Vietnam. There is no need to
retrace at length our violation of the Geneva
Accords, repudiation of the pledge for free elections
in 1956, our full support of a succession of dictators
from Diem to Thieu. All that has changed is our
method. First we felt our goal could be achieved
through limited military did, then we fell it could
be achieved with massive military intervention, lhcn
— when the war had become explosively unpopular
at home ~ we thought “Vietnamilnlion” could
work; Vietnamese troops carrying American arms.
Finally Nixon hit upon the Air War largely
invisible, painless to (be American forces. and yet
devastating (hopefully) to the opposition. At no
time have the Americans seriously considered
accepting a coalition government and willidniwing
entirely. Thus, our :iiins have not changed in lcn
years. We wanlcd in the beginning. and we xlill seek,
a “Korean” solution, in which we have pcl'lnuncnl
political control over South Viclnnm.

Nixon obviously fcll he luid u clciu hand to
proceed with this process. llis bombing of North
Vietnam at Christmas cliciled only formal prolcsls
from the Chinese and the Russians and the fact ilun
he was able to visit China and had bccu nivncd In
Russia implicd those two grcai powcrs wcrc morc
concerned Willi working out :i new hillilllCL‘ of power
than with the fate of Vietnam. If is not :i coincidcncc
that after his China lrip Nixon broke off lllc pence
negotiations in Paris.

Viet Objectives

From the Viclnzimcsc side the ODICL'llVL’S have also
never seriously changed, Tlicy wzun in c\pcl all
foreign elements from lndocllinn. Thc Norlh Vici-
iuimese and the Provisional Rcvolulionnry Govern-
ment (l’RG) in llic Soulh want In rc-unify ihc lwo
parts of Vietnam ovcr illl cxicndcd pciiod of lime
in the Soulh lhcy wzuu (I “govcruiiicnl of iccuncilni-
lion" of which lhcy will be a pull and Which Will
conduct frcc clcciions. 'l‘hcy wunl Io scc u socialist
Vietnam. Tlicy wauii Vicinum (unil'icd, .‘(lClilllSll in
play an indcpcndcnl mic, pm! of lhc (‘onununisl

bloc 0f nations rind ycl indcpcndcul ol' colliml by
either China or Russia.

Given llic positions outlined wluil ilccmlllih Ior the
current massive Vicliuuucsc offensive" in [Hill n is
to underline in lhc world..'u1d lo lmlli lllL‘ (‘lnucsc
and the Russians, llnii Vicwnzim wrll cull llic sinus
and not permit itself lo bc \VIIlchl ul'i Ill any big
“power deals." Already ilic offcnsivc llilh nnulc a
mockery of Nixon‘s Cliiucsc Vlsli, for tho average
person will ask wlun good his lnp was if (‘lnnu‘s
neighboring ('onununisls :uc going to out up likc
lhis. And it llll()WS leull'h Vlhll in Moscow Ill pcril
* if he does go now, lic goes ill a \vcukci lungnlnlng
posilion.

Bul second and more Iiupmluul, ll 15 .i dcspciuic
effort in make Vicliuun an issuc In our elections

und, I suspect, liclp dcfcul Nixon. The Russians and
Chinese do not much can: if Nixon wins he is the

 

kind of man with whom they can make deals. But
the Vietnamese must view his reelection with horror
for, while virtually all the Democratic candidates
have been forced into a vigorous position of
opposing the war, Nixon, ific-elected, would have a
free hand for four more years of Air War. i think
the Vietnamese want some kind of settlement now,
before the election. After the election — if Nixon
wins — he will be under no compulsion to negotiate.

Insane Position

What the offensive has already proven is that
“Vietnamization” has failed. Americans now know
that if we want Thieu in power we will have to keep
him there with our air power and naval forces. They
have demonstrated that it is not in our power to
establish a stable government in South Vietnam
which we can leave to its own devices. In short,we
either get out of Vietnam in the near future, or we
will be air-lifting endless My Lais in for perhaps
decades to come.

One part of the U.S. position is now close to
insane. Under [by old "Dulles" concept we needed
to contain China — and South Vietnam was to be
our base. But now, with Nixon walking the Great
Wall of China and toasting his hosts with quotes
from Chairman Mao, it is clear the U.S. no longer
sees the Communist World as a single unit to be
restricted at every point on its periphery. We now

 
 

realize the Communist World is more complex arid,
indeed, the whole world is more complex. instead
of two great power blocs contending, we have
Western Europe, the U.S., Russia, China, and Japan.
Our reason for trying to hold. ‘South Vietnam
(except for econlomic purposes),,quietly vanished
when Nixon’s plane touched down in Peking.

is this an invasion, as Nixon charges? And are the
Russians responsible for making it possible? it can
be considered an “invasion” in the same sense
Sherman invaded Georgia in the Civil War, or Grant
invaded Virginia. From the Vietnamese (and his-
torians ) point of View, there is only one Vietnam.
That Vietnam has been engaged for 25 years in an
internal revolutionary struggle combined with a civil
war (against a Southern regime set up and armed by
the U.S.). The real invasion, obviously, is on the
part of the U.S., which still maintains vast military
forces in a foreign country. Neither the Russians nor
the Chinese have any military forces in active
ﬁghting — and never did have. On the matter of aid,
Nixon has again turned things on their head, for the
Russians and Chinese combined supply less than one
tenth the aid we give the South Vietnamese.

Nixon and negotiations, Nixon now argues that he
cannot negotiate because of the Vietnamese of-
fensive. Yet, beforethai offensive began, he said he
could not negotiate. Nixon is really saying that
while he is winning he won’t negotiate, and if he is
losing he can‘t. This is simply a position of no
negotiation, no matter what.

 

 

 

Kissinger Hopes Moscow Talks Will Proceed

Dr. Henry A. Kissinger told a
news conference today President
Nixon realizes his latest Vietnam
moves “will crculu short-term (lif-
ﬁcultics for Soviet lenders" but be
fully hopes to proceed with the
Moscow summit talks Mny 2‘2.

Kissinger, the President's assis-
unit for national security nffnirs,
snid the United Stiitcs lins received
no indication from Moscow us to
whether the Soviets will want to
proceed with the summit. He said
"it will probubly be a day or so"
before formul reaction is received.

Responding to questions, Kissin-
gi-r snid the Nixon moves invoch
"some risk." He added: "The
judgment was that it did not
invoch un unucccptnblc risk."

But he conceded that “only
events will prove" whether the
presidential strntegy will work.

While saying Nixon‘s nttcmpt to
block receipt of Soviet war sup-

ASP EXTRA

plies to North Vietnamese ports
presents Moscow with difficulties,
Kissinger said the Soviets “permit-
ted a situation that posed massive
difficulties for us."

Besides risking collaisc of sum-
mit talks with Soviet leaders due
to begin in two weeks, Nixon's sea
quarantine of North Vietnam
posed the potential for perhaps
the greatest confrontation of
world superpowers since the Cu-
ban missile crisis a decade ago.

in the hours following his ud-
drcss, Washington tensely awaited
responses from Moscow, Peking.
and Hanoi to the mining. the
intensiﬁed air and naval strikes on
military targets and the efforts to
slice all North Vietnamese supply
lincri, including railroads that car-
ry most of the Soviet and Chinese
military aid.

Soviet leaders apparently learn-
cd formally of Nixon’s quarantine

order when Moscow’s ambassador
to Washington, Anatoly Dobry-
nin, was summoned to Kissinger's
ofﬁce an hour before the speech.
White House officials said other
countries were notiﬁed “through
diplomatic processes."

Within hours after Nixon's ad-
dress, an armada of American
nircraft were bombing rail lines
and highways throughout North.
Vietnam.

Earlier, even before Nixon met
with his National Security Council
to outline his plans, U.S. war-
planes had attacked targets near
Hanoi, the first such raids in three
weeks.

Nixon devoted the closing mi-
nutes of his address to what ranks
as his most emotional appeal ever
to the American people "for the
some strong support you have
always given your President in
difﬁcult moments."

PAGE 7

 

