 

 

»PAGE.2.... ,. .. . ... .

Telethon Begins Tonight

by Diane Dilz

Telethon ’72 is scheduled to
begin Friday at. 7:00 p.m. in the
Campus Center Ballroom. The co-
chairmen Judy Avner and Mike
Plotzker will be on hand as well as
Louis Benezct, University Presi-
dent and Erastus Corning, Mayor
of Albany. This year the proceeds
from the Telethon will benefit
autistic children who attend Camp
Wildwood in Altumont. The
camp, run by the National Society
for Autistic Children aan the New
York Association for Brain In-
jured Children, provides young-
sters with normal summer recrcii-
tional activities.

A Button, 9 Yoyo and Puerto Rico

Telethon people have been sell-
ing buttons and yoyos with the
Telethon slogan “It‘s Nice to
Care" in addition to chances for a
trip to Puerto Rico over Easter
vacation. The Puerto Rican vaca-
tion was donated by the Class of
'72. Dute-A~Tron is something
new to Telethon and the universi-
ty. Lenny Fromer and Pam Wolf,
co-committee chairmen, are re-
sponsible for writing the question~
naires and programming answers
into the computer. For the mea-
ger sum of 50 cents a person is
guaranteed a minimum of one
computer-matched datc. Fromcr
said about 250 Date-A’l‘ron appli~
cations have been fillerl out With
all the money going to 'l‘r-li-thon.
A bake salc was hcld chncsday
thc 21lrd. Baked gooils wcri- do
nach by faculty wives. among
others. Judy Avncr admits she is a
little sick of looking at yoyos but
is committed to the 'l‘i-lcllion
full-time now as Friday cvcning
quickly approaches,

Faculty and Community
involvement

'l‘liIs year‘s 'l‘clcthon Is .I lllllt‘

different from preceeding Tele-
thons — faculty members and
people from the Tri-Cities com-
munity will be actively involved.
David Allen. Channel 6 Pick a
Show host, will be at the Telethon
as will Miss Romper Room and
Ronald McDonald for the Chil~
dren‘s Hour Saturday morning.
Art Ginsburg from the ’I‘riun pro-
duction of Fiddler on the Roof
will also appear at the Telethon.
Faculty members will help out
with entertainment. tickcts,
phone calls and technical services.
Faculty wives donated Wednes-
day's bake-sult- goods.

Telethon has received communi-
ty support from the area media.
Barnett Fowler put in a good
word for the Telethon in his
column. The entire 24 hours will
be broadcast on WABY and
WSUA radio. The co-chairmen
and other Telethon workers were
guests on Dialing for Dollars Tues-
day and on Pick a Show Friday
morning, A film of Camp Wild-
wood made by Ken Blaisdel on
the student activities staff will be
shown on Channel ill, Channel 10
will air a half-hour tape of some
of 'l‘elctbon's talent on Saturday
at about 1:00 a.m.

“it's Nice to Care"

Why have iivcr fititl students,
faculty, and staff Involved lllt‘th
wives in 'l‘i-lcthiiri '71!" One reason
Is that llit‘ 'l‘clcthon is art cvvnl
that brings cvcry one working
togclhcr for a common goal It's
hectic, but very rewarding accord-
ing to l’lrilzkcr 'l'hc ctr-chairmen
are particularly Intcri-sti-d In liclp»
ing the ('l‘llldl‘t'n at ('amp Wild
wood. I’lolzkcr would likc to sci-
lhc badly Iii-crlcd 'l'clclhoii moncy
continui- to reach the Hill”) Av
lll'l‘ explained thc :Illiluilc of thc

 

 

enough to be

ever

Monday and Tuesday
February 28 and 29
7 and 9:30 pm In LC 18

‘1. I!) mili curriirit tax card and ID
'51 '15; without

 

 

 

 

l—_SPE(.‘IAL PREMIER SHOWING
“The premise is just nutty

I can recommend it to
one interested in

 

 

brilliant. . ..

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Wildwood staff toward the camP'
ers. “They aren’t particularly in‘
terested in labels for the kids, and
they feel no child is too sick to
attend the camp, They believe
most children can be helped if
they are assisted early enough.
The children receive aid in lan-
guage development, peer inter-
action, behavior control and
physical therapy in motor skills."

Avner and Plotzkcr began plans
for Tclcthon last April when they
chose committee chairmen and
Camp Wildwood as the charity.
They ran three sets ofauditions in
October and November. Some of
the highlights of this year’s Tele-
thon will be a piano duet by
Findley Cockrell and Tamara
Knell Friday, 9:00 pm; "Little
Nell" by Steve Hirsch Saturday
1:30 a.m.; cooking demonstrated

 

FEBRUARY 25, 1972

  

“It’s Nice to Care”

 

by Odd Quad 3:30 am. and a folk
hour 4:00 a.m.

pinion: Queosy Cuisine

by Eddy Trink

There has been increasing concern by students
over the deteriorating food situation at State Quad
recently. As a student living on that particular
Quad, 1 can attest to everything I am about to
relate. Up till now, most of the griping has been
about poorly made food and dirty utensils. How»
ever, there are an increasing amount of instances
where cockroaches have been sighted in the State
Quad cafeteria. I personally baVc scen one of these
pcsky insects there.

In the past, and today still, a list of complaints
about the food might contain the following:

[ 'I‘hc roast. bcct‘ and ham served for lunch in
sandwiches are as dry as leather and sometimes
contain more fat than meat,

2 The fact that hot. dishes, including hamburgers,
have a tendency of being served cold

II Tim grilled cheese sandwiches sometimes are
not grillcd and the baked polaltics sometimes are
not hakcd

l The knives and l'orks arc occasionally found
with all sorts of garhagc on llIcm 'l'licsc complaints
llt't‘il counlcrcd with the typical auswcr'
“'l'hr-si- Jr“ the prohlcms iil' institutionalized food "

lliiwcvcr III chlis, .I definitely
priilili-ni has i-incrgcrl laisl wcclr. IWo

F SA Workers

by John Fairhiill

hayi-

I't't'i'lll Iltrirc

st'l iiilh

lit the llt'\\’ hinII's iiiI|\ inst 'l'hiii's

students. this writer included, were surprised when a

cockroach went scampcring past them, up :f wall
and onto the conveyor belt where empty food trays
are discarded. After inquiring further, this writcr
discovered that another student, along Wllll the
women who serve the food, watcher] one of Illt‘su
pests run along the counter where the food is lilkt'll
from to be eaten. The women ignored thc but,I as ilii~
student wondered if the chicken soup llt' |II~l Itilli\
was spiced with a cockroach or two Nt'lllll't‘ ol Illt‘
above 'ascs was reported because of tho ktlti\\ll'tlL'i'
that nothing would get done anyway 'l'lIcri- Is no
doubt In my mind that other instnnt‘l's of this Hpc
have occurred and have not. been l‘t‘litil’lt'll ltll llli‘
same reason.

However, the fact remains that. crii~kroai-lir~. wont
sighted in the cafeteria on State Quad (inc lllllsl
assume that. time are more than two of lllt‘si' posts
and if so, they contain a genuine hcalth lia/ai‘il
Though the possibility ofdiscascs bcing Il‘rlllxlllllll‘ll
by these bugs Is small, they should still ll4'\t'| llt'
found In or ncar a cafeteria. i-spccially not ncm lll'
food For the inoncy Wc pay local lici'i- .II \I N‘i \
Wt' should at [cost be able to suffer through mid
linInIIlIi'gi-I's III a rt'lnliw-I‘,’ "ch'nii' cn'IiuiiIm'i‘
This is oni- prohli-nI lh.Il shriolil tic
iintni-Ihaiclv'

Walk Out

 

hmlurl

~Iliili-III~. It'lldllt't Hi- -'

movieSTVCanby, NY. Times

 

NORMAN MAILE'R‘S

MAIDSIthE

Produced by Bull Farbar and Norman Matter for Supreme Mix

III/idol] hy slur/urn tux

CLASS

Your senior p0
t r TORCH '73

 

albany , I I
.state
Icincma',

  
 

 

 

 

will be taken star ng‘March 5th

Sign up at the Info Desk,

Day and night appointm nts available.

il.’i\ 'l'lIc llt'W dirccliic l'riiIII l".‘ii\ Ilim want to walk in t‘cl'ﬂi

l".\';\ \llltlt'lll \tiii‘lrci‘s at Indian tlltl not, :ipp.ri~iil|\‘, Inkc IIIlii .‘n .I l'l'sllll Ill lllt‘ lit Ill
Quail \\'.i|lrci| otl' llic inh 'l‘ui-siluv .iccounl Ihi- opinions of NW llltll lllt! nit-MiniI uiIIi tr \tr
Iiiglil l'l'tllt‘sllllL’ lllt' l'\ll'|ltlt'tl .lIi-IIIplini-cs. tllllllt’l |IiiIIi~ um. on but ' w
illllllt'l' hours Iiistituli-ifl .\lonil.i\ Ilu- siurlcnls l‘iilNl'tl iitlicr l|||t'\l i .4“ \‘t‘lllll'\ll.|\ tltll M. v
.-\‘i~iI|||LI i'i lit) h (it) p.iiI I, scvi-I‘nl ions loo, concerning lllt' IIi-i-il Iiii' plow-in. '.\l'll' iii-.i ll m ‘l‘
slll'tlt'lllht‘l‘d‘l'll\thl’ltrll ti Ill) li-iiiillIi-iIIIIg Ihc tillllit'l' hours .Il h-avi- .ll li LII. \l i ll ilv
I'HA officials, including Malcolm lIIihaiI Iii lhc past snack bar puss lI.Iyi- .iliiuiili nliiiri- - u If
t'iirliict, l"iioil Scrvrcc llirci-Iiir. cs \yi'rc LIIW'II to students who riaul ti :ti |l’i'liltl‘l i
iiIi-l With the stiIili-nls in Iln- IIIIsscrl tllllllt'l' Iii-causc lllt'\ luirl Il.ili~\ \r.l\|||l' 'ii "*I- '
l\|lt'lll‘ll Iii-I'oi'i- lllt' walkout 'l'hi' i'lilﬁsi‘a llt‘lWl‘l'll l '50 and ti .lll liii iil l’oiiil \‘i-Itlr‘li l
\tuili-nts\yi-ri‘iipposcittoworkini: hut lllls vi'iu'. lllt' passi-s \Vt'l'l: l'or lllt' Iiion - I ‘
|additional liiiiirsantlwr-ri-piirlli'll ilIsi'oIilIIIIIi-il 'l'hi- IriIIch' IliiIIii-i' lll‘llls t'.|ll t'll liliilllf ‘ ‘
-"l\’ it'lltli’ HVI‘I liitvliig licr-n Iolil hours at Indian wriiilrl givr- ilIi-si- ii In at llltll.ill I||l.|tl

  

 

OF ’73
ait 

see a pro
PROFESSIONAL

SKI INSTRUCTOR
OF AMERICA

lll'

hi_n_damentals 

 

for

  
 
 
 

l’ll()l l 1;}.iiIiAI HM
INSIlttitIIoic; lll AMI Hit it

 
 

I\Ilvt‘lll‘.lllili mini

 
 

llitv l'iililri Mi» r i I'-

M Illiianv ‘Ilillltlil from.

 

  

van a my..-

 

FEBRUARY 25, 1972
Intentional Slowdown?

by Glenn von Nostitz

If you are a student and you have asked the
registrar's office to send a copy of your transcript to
a college of your choice, you can expect a delay of
anywhere between three and eight weeks before
your transcript actually leaves SUNYA.

The reasons for the delay haVe become a matter of
considerable speculation. Registrar Thomas C.
Burnette claims that they are a result of understaff-
ing; two clerical positions are presently unfilled,
while there has simultaneously been an increase in
the number of transcripts requested.

Other sources have indicated, howevor, that per
sonncl under the registrar‘s dircction are conducting
a work “slowdown” in order to dramatize their
ol'l‘ii-c's iii-crl for additional funding.

Student Association President Michacl liampcrl
feels that Buructtc “is trying to dramatizu the tight
liudgi-t situation" and inside sources haVc indicated
that Burnette told his staff to “go slowur." Lampcrt
our-stions whether the staff cuts cited by Burneltc
have necessitated the cxtcnsivo delays: “It is my
understanding that We didn't. lose all that many
workers in the registrar‘s ofl'icc. “

It has not only been transcripts which have been
affected by the alleged “slowdown.” 'I‘hc registrar
also handles room assignments, and the Student
Association office has also received many com-
plaints from students concerning delays in this area.
Lamper cited a “series of memos" which "have
emanated from the registrar's office" and which say,
“in essence, that due to the budget cuts it will take
us forever to schedule a room,"

Burnette refuted the "slowdown" charges with
ﬁgures showing that 50% more transcripts have been
sent out this year than last. and that he has never
ordered the staff to work more slowly,

Additional Complaints

Lampert feels that the registrar's office has been
negligent in other areas in addition to transcripts
and room assignments. He feels that “the lines are
abominable" on the last days of registration. Many
students try to drop and add courses on these last
few days in order to avoid academic penalty, but
many have been unable to escape the penalty
because of long lines. Lampert believes that the
registrar “could have moved more clerks in to cope
with the unusually heavy demand during the last.
few days of registration."

Finally, Lampert questions the registrar‘s philo-
sophical outlook on his job, saying that, “Burncttc
thinks of numbers of pieces of paper rathcr than
students. He is formal and bureaucratic."
Transcripts Given "Low Priority"

WIII‘IIII‘I' or iiol the registrar is “formal or liui‘i-au
cratic," unimportant to the many
\Itltlt‘lllh \vlio hayi- waiti-d weeks for their transcripts
to lie slit‘ll studi-iII is KcIIni-th
'l'uriiw. who hccanii- so iiiniIlIi-nl With the (Ii-lays
that lll' .iskcrl If lic could work In lhc ol'l'icc. himself
"It was .| Ill'l‘silllill favor" Is how 'l'urow cxphnns his
lit-Ing :iIIoWI-d to work tin-re. llt' pi-rsiiiially know
si-vcl'ul Hf lhI' iil'l'Ii'c's t'illlilliyt't‘n, :iIIIl Ilc explains

liriWi-vcr. Is

priici-sscil (Ini-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Backlog Big Problem For Registrar 

that the registrar‘s office runs on "favoritism." He
said that a student can have his transcript processed
immediately if he personally knows an employee.
After working in the registrar's office for four
days, one to two hours each day, Turow concluded
that the office is “completely unorganized” and
that “transcripts were clearly overlooked, and they
were given low priority." Burnette claims that two
workers are assigned to processing transcripts full
time, but Turow says that “there was no single girl
assigned to doing transcripts." He comments that
“these transcripts are extremely important. to stu-
dents, for their future liVes depend on them."
'l‘urow also reports stcing several letters which
were second requests for transcripts to be mailed.
Comments Turow: “these kiils wcrc begging to have
their transcripts sent out because of deadlines."

He adds that many transcripts “were sent too
ale" to be of any use to the students. “It takes only
two minutes to do a transcript," 'l‘urow states. He
recommends that the registrar “hirc a couple of
students during peak periods."

Intention is Immediate Service

During the summer Turow took a course at Nassau
Community College, and he discovered that. the
registrar's office there “considers transcripts top
priority" and he claims that iit NCC, the transcripts
are sent out the day after the request is made.

According to Registrar Burnette, the intention at
SUNYA is to send transcripts immediately upon
request, too. This is obviously not happening, aan
more than a few people feel this is because of thr-
alleged slowdown.

Whether the slowdown has been intentional is
uncertain. Turow does not rule out the possibility,
but attributes the delays to a greatly increased
number of requests, understafﬁng, and poor organi-
zation. Lampert, however, feels that “Burnette is
trying to dramatize" his need for funds. Burnettc
rebukes this, of course, supporting himself with
ﬁgures purporting to show that more, not fewer
transcripts are being processed.

'l‘urow sums up his experiences with the registrar‘s
office saying that, “It's all so bureaucratic and
fumbling. The registrar‘s office is completely un»
organized. I couldn‘t believe it."

Sevoral other students apparently Were in the
office with 'I‘urow and overheard his being offered a
job. A number of them returned to the officc the
following day asking for jobs if that would ensure
the immediate processing of their transcripts.

Length of Backlog Disputed

Whether or not the slowdown has lil'l‘ll lltll'lllltllilll
rnakcs liltlc difl'crcncc to thc sluilcnts who have
Wiltlt'tl Iip to two months lo luch lthr transcripts
processed. I"or llti‘m, the central fact I‘cmiuns that
an i-xli-nsiVi- Ilclay iiiii-s cirisl. lluritclti- says lliat thr-
hacklog is two to Illl‘t't‘ wccks, whllc 'l'urow and
other students havr- complaint-ii of thIng to wait
much longcr tltan this. many llith' waited six wci-lrs
Stutli-nts planning to send transcripts lii
. liliilti- lltcii' rcsi'I'Vn

iil‘ llltll'l'
ciilli-gcs should, it would sci-in
tioiis si-Vi-rnl Wt'i'h‘s In advanci-

 

MONDAY IS

AT THE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ina ii tum g3

 

2 Trip Sirloin Steaks

2 Baked l’iiliitoiis or

2 Union at French Fill!!!
2 Orders Sir/tin l oiIst

2 Salads

2 BirViii ago:

4.76

Inc. tax

DOUBLE THE “STEAKS” NITE

EVERY MONDAY 5 to 9 PM. (EXCEPT HOLIDAY)

ORDER 2 STEAK DINNERS AND SAVE
Reg. 3 

Bring a Buddy, Bring your Girl, Bring a good appetite

57 FULLER ROAD 438-7646

inniwuii (snout liv- imit Wulhlllufon Au tut-mien)

SUN. MON. li:00-9:00...FRI. 8i SAT. 11100930

lllll'l'll |tl(ill'l'
I-Il‘l'cclivc altcrnaliic to abortion
non profit; non iii-nominalioiial

I‘I'cc: Iiii chaigc
IIHIII'i MIIII I II III N. Wi-ii i. ii |llli

I.) iiuiim ‘illt't'l [\llhlliy
Hit- (Ili‘l

vitii I’llll

    

PLUS
TAX
COME TO

THE BALLROOM
CONTRIBUTE

WHAT YOU CAN

 

 

 

LIVE 24 Hour
Continuous Coverage

TELE TH ON 1 972

WSUA RADIO URGES YOU TO SUPPORT TELETHON ' 72.

 

   

Mohawk Tower

Future Unsure

by Eddy Trink

In an interview with Mr. John Hartley, vice-president in charge of
Management and Planning. it was learned that the “possibility of using
dorm space for purposes other than dorms is being explored at the
present time." This response was given in answer to a query about

future of Mohawk Tower on Indian Quad. Hartley added
that the possibility of using Mohawk Tower to relieve office
congestion in the Campus Center was "a little premature."

When questioned further, Hartley admitted that there is indeed
overcrowding in thc Humanities iind Social Science buildings. He also
acknowledged the fact that the Library is experiencing "space"
problems. llowr-vcr, when asked whether unused dorm space was the
answer, he responded that, "No firm plan has been deVeloped for that
spacc, yet." After adding that a proportionate declining demand for
rooms on campus has increased the available unused dorm space, he
l'llt'll three questions that have yet to be answered before any action
on till“ dorms can bc LlilH'IL First. wltat space will be available next
scnIi-stcr'! Second, how will that space be used'.’ And third, what
tcchnlcalllics havc ycl to be workcd out‘.’

llarllcy also brought to light thc lilcak outlook for the coming year
as far as III'W funds for SUNYA are concerned. 'lxccpt for a minimal
amount of money for inauilcnancc purposes, there are no new
allocations for construction and i-xpansiiin of lbiI university in the
ltl72 7il huilgct As examples, llartlcy citi-il lltc fact that construction
on Ihc East and Wi-st I’oiliiun cxli-nsions has “01'” balli-d and that a
motor vchii-li- building in llic llnllit'tlllllt' arca thiil would luch been
used to l't'lll‘\'l‘ ol‘t'lci- congi-slIon was not bought (Inc to a lack of
funds

llc titltlt'tl that future i-xpaiIsIoiI of tlic uiilvcrsIly would only be
iIi-ci-ssitalcd by an c.\pinision in i-nt'ollmcnt llarlli-y also explained
that, though no iu-w sIgIIIl'IcaiIl monIi-s can he cxpcclcil from lhc
Htalc giiw-I'IiiiIi-nl, lhc Stati- was probably iiol going to ask for a
(‘lll'lillllllt'llt ol' i-nrollinciil llowvvcr, he admitted that the “master
plan" for i-IIrollIiu-Iit at this uIIIVi-rsIty would havc lo l)l‘ ultcrcd,
incauing that lll'W aanissIons would have to bc rlccri-ascd, tltus
resulting in a liiwi-i' i-III'ollini-nt than had Iii-cn prcdictcil for lhc ycars
iii i'iIIItt‘.

Starts Tonight
6:30 pm

 
  

 

 

WSUA° 640

serving the university community

lllllJIltl Iiy sliiiliiiir lax

   

 

 

