 

 

FEBRUARY 15, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

NEWS BRIEFS

 

 

INTERNATIONAL

SAIGON AP - A Viet Cong Tet cease-fire went
into effect Monday across South Vietnam, but the
United States ignored it and ordered a sixth
successive day of heavy air attacks. The number of

SAIGON AP - A Viet Cong 'I‘et cease-fire went
into effect Monday across South Vietnam, but the
United States ignored it and ordered it sixth
successiVe day of heavy air attacks The number of
strikes soared piist the 500 mark. Preliminary
reports from the allied commands and spot checks
in the fields indicated no serious violations in the
opening hours of the four-day Viet Cong cciise-l‘ire
that began at 1 am, Monday ‘ noon Sunday EST.
The allies declared their own shorter 24~liour
cease-fire beginning at G p.m. Saigon time Monday 5
a.m. EST Monday, claiming the Communists wanted
to take advantage of the longer truce to infiltrate
troops and supplies from North Vietnam into the
South.

BELFAST, Northern Ireland Al’ ~ l’our bombs
exploded in the Belfast area today as the outlawed
Irish Republican Army pressed on with its battle to
end Northern Ireland‘s links with Britain. No one
was reported injured in the blasts.

’l‘he bombs wrecked a bank, an office building and
a furniture store. The fourth target was 'I paint
store, which was extensivr- damaged.

Four thousand (Iatlioli . , aged another illegal but
pcacel'iil march Sunday to demand immediate with
drawal of British troops from the province, abo
litioii of the provincial Parliament, and a hall lo the
jailiiig of guerrilla suspects Without li'ial

 

 

 

LONDON Al’ llrilisli industry began llirr-c day
chk today aiiil the government warned of a total
shutdown in two weeks il’ the coal strike doesn't
end.

Up to :i lliiril ol‘ liic iialioii's ill million \Vlit'l‘ 
were threatened \Vllli losing their iolrs, al lr.sl
temporarily. For all it was a day of dark cold
honii's, colil tiii'iils illlil delays or cancellations ol'
(‘ll‘t’ll‘lt‘ coiniiiiller Ii‘aiiis :is the power was l‘lll oil in
rotation for varying periods ai’oiiiiil illl' iialioii

'l'radc aiiil lilllll.\ll'V Miriisler .loliii l)a\ie.s charged
ilial the miners were “holding llie l'iilltlli'\ to
ransom” and warned lliat the nation could coini- Io
standstill.

'l'lic iiiiiiiiiiiiiii wage for the miners has been
Sittlll a week They are ileiiiariiliiig $liir ll) while
the govcriiiiieiil has ot'l'i-rcil $57 Lil)

NATIONAL

WASIIINU'I‘ON Al’ (‘oiigressioiial sponsors of
a constitutional amendment designed to halt
busing to achich racial balance hope to Win
President Nixon's support at a While House meeting
Monday. Nixon arraiigcil Illl‘ irieeliiig last week and
ill the same time disclosed lie is looking for \(Illll‘
months to bring the federal coiirls' liiisirig decisions
iiilo liiic Willi his Views

STA TE

Nl‘iW Ytllili Al’ 'l'lic coordinaior oi llll' i'ii\"s
program against child abuse says ii' children died
from abusi- aiiil iii-glei'l iii ltl'r‘l, .ililioiigli \.iiioiis
ageiiciesivere aware of bait ol the i‘.i.si'-. lli'liili'
death occurred

 

iliie child died while its case was Iii-ring Illitl'l".\l'l

by the ﬂuid I’ioieeiive Seiiiir- Iii‘iiltlllII: in

llai'liara liliiiii i.si~.l.iiii .idiiiiiii.lr.iioi Ior tlir
llIiiiiaii Iii-«.iriiiii-u \|ft'lit‘\ in «hope oi pi-iial
si-ivriw-s

in .i report ,\looda\ Mrs llliiiii .aiil irp» \\|‘iI
being taken to eiid biiii-aiicialir |li'l.l\‘- Ilill .p. I'll
iiiloiiiiatioii on llll‘ iasi-s llll'tillifll llli‘ .ippmpirii.
.igi-iii'ii‘s

NI'lW \Villllt /\I' More lliaii .'|lll Ill.|lil"-llll
weapons reportedly Ill .torage lor a general iipii-aiig
al liikci'ls Islaiiil Ailolcsi‘ciil liciiiaiiil Si'liclii-i have
been confiscated iii a raid on all eight ci-llliloi'ks,
liroiix llist Ally Iiiirloii ll. Itiibeils sain

(‘oiiei-tioii (‘oiniiiissioiier lleiiiamiii Malcolm
slalcd the search l||ll'lli'(i "a plot liv the entire
population In oVi-rtlirow the shelter "

Sevcii iiiiiiiili-s were charged Willi pi'oiiioiiiig
prison contraband, Roberts said

The shelter Wllll‘ll boiisi-s aoliiil LLIIUI) prisoners
It} to ill) years old. was the si’ce of a ilisliirlraiil'c
Feb | by nearly l'r I iiiiiiiitcs who protested llll‘
serving of iiiealu iii ilicii i-clll)loi'li llihll'iHi ol' iii lllt’

iiii-ss liail

 

 

 

 

Assemny For Peace

The minister listed these other demonstrations f0,
which assembly support is sought:

-—April 1: A major demonstration in Harrisburg
Pa_, iri connection with the conspiracy trial of
persons charged with plotting to kidnap presidential
adviser Henry A. Kissinger and to blow up heating
systems in Washington government buildings,
tmuon' Another demonstration in San Jose, (jam-H in

The Rev. Paul Mayer of New York, spokesman for connection with. the trial of Angela Din/ta Thaw
the 139-strong US. delegation, told ncwsmen the actions, tne minister added, would locus aitpmiun
dclegation's steering committee had drawn up a on the connection between the War and rl‘llt‘i‘ssion"
proposal asking the assembly to back a series of in the Linited States. ‘ I
demonstrations set for March 25 - May 15. "Apl‘ll 153 14-0031 demunstl‘ﬂlluns In the l'nim]

He said the demonstrations will generally be States against paymentof federal incomeiiixag

—April 22: Major mass rallies and denioiistraiiom

directed against the Vietnam war and what he called v V
the government’s failure to provide for “hungry in New York (,ity and Los Angeles against the war
persons in the black, Latin and poor whitc com- and for withdrawal of troops and aircraft [mm

munities" because welfare money is being spent on Indochina.
the war, —May l-l5: Local actions l'oeussed on L‘s
On March 25, the minister said the National corporations manufacturing arms, specifically lliosi.
Welfare Rights Organization will sponsor a cliild- connected with the war. The minister said ilii.
ren's march on Washington. The American delega- dumUHSl-I’HHODS WOUId b0 (llrt‘CLed mainly “grungy
tion to the assembly is asking that food and other Gﬂncl‘ul ,Elt‘clrlc, llOncchll. International Tel“.
supplies be deposited at US. embassies all over the phone & Telegraph and Standard Oil. Antiwar
World “to dramatize what the war is doing to the mOVementS "broad “'0 bell“! “Skt‘d I“ Sliliil‘demiin»
poor in the United States." strations during this period at US. embassies

SUNYA AIDS
ED PROGBAM

reprinted wrili peririrssroii imrn (he Amsterdam Recorder

by David Mason
Associated Press Writer
Versailles, France AP - American antiwar'leadera
called for international support Saturday night for
seven weeks of demonstrations in the United States
against the war in Vietnam and the Nixon admmis-

Currently the bilingual program at East Maui
The school year ‘tarted early for ii group of 45 Street is under the direction of a trained Spanish
Amsterdam Spanish-speaking children enrolled in a teacher responsible for 51 Spanish-speaking ciiililri-ri
unique program of bilingual education at the East ranging from kindergarten to sixth grade level.
Main Street School. The Greater Amsterdam School At the end of each semester the students are given
District is one of the first districts in the state to teacher prepared tests to measure their itt‘lilt'Vl'ml'tll
participate as a pilot for the program funded by in each of the subject areas taught.
federal grants and administered by the State Univer- Since the initiation of the program, several olr
sity of New York at Albany School of Education. jectives have been realized The success of llil'
program highlights the Venture as a cooperatin-
Why Bilingual Education? Umll'r l-hl’ Pr‘ﬂmmr achievement lietWeeii SUNY Albany and llil‘ si-liool
Spariish‘speaking students with little or no mastery district, resulting in the l‘irsl bilingual iirsiriu-iiorizil
ol' the English language are instructed in Spanish in program in an Amsterdam school.
such subjects as social studies, language arts, and The program also provides opportiiiiily tor llil
general. ieiice. [mining of prospective bilingual teachers. and llll.lll\
l’i-rsons have questioned the practicalityol promo' si-ers as a springboard for more intensive mil
[mg the Spanish language or any non-English laii S[J1‘(Tl£tlll('(l el‘l'orts next year I I
giiagi- Within the lraiiieworkot'lhi American school According to the teacher at llil' si'liool \l. \
system, noting llial siicli instruction 'i.ipe(lcs the Elizabeth Ayala, the program has generated min-.i
.issiiiiilatioii till-ill)” l'Iiiglisli sp ikiiig persons into sliideiil enthusiasm and interest Miss .\\.r|.i
the American life style l’roniiilersolillic program teaching at the school in coriiiiiiciioir \irlri lll
note, liowvver, ii is olli-ii overlooked llial the lime studies at SIINY Albany lca..iiig Io .| lliil\li'l\. ilI"lII
it takes for a youngster to learn l'liiglisli can be very in bilingual education I i
long iii duration,

 

   

ltquiilly encouraging has been llll' poaiiie impa-i
y the program has had on llll' llispaiiic segiiii-iit oi 1‘.
ltlhlrlltllUil‘lli lheir iialiVe tongue, and enables Iliein coiiiiiiiiiiily This was exr-iriplilieil at i wpii --l
to rI‘H‘lVit' louiidaiioiial elementary education at the community Wide diriiier in December ll‘.lll||'llli' lli.
satire r: I i ' I ‘ ' - -' - r i ‘

‘1‘ I ll i‘llil liVil as lilllt‘ .iiglisli speaking panic toods liicludcrl airioiig ilii- Lilli-st» “I'll
i .issiiiales. l'iirtlicriiiorc, llie Spaniin instruction

lliiis this program provrdes these children Willi

iioli-il corrimunilv li"l(li'f\ si-liool 'idiii '

. . . . . . A -. . llilhllitllilsdllll

allows ll|| (llllllll‘ll to maintain competency and SllNY Alliaiiv officials

iridc iii the ' s ‘ -- r . i r ‘

Ln" I” [\u’llr‘lllr‘l llltlltlhlw and (llllllfl. l’roiiiolcrs ol the program at SUNY Albany hair-

l i S

’ commended the s ioiisiiri 1’ \ l -' l' S 'l I ll‘
H“. In)” ) “I. "r | . i | _ V ' ti . IL I ins lll ain .( ion l~

Inn-“five [CUM-ll.) vy\iri iiirollid in a two week trict lor its cooperation iii the iiislallliig oi llll

Null,“ '1‘,”th 3:" ‘l‘lll'el. "'ml'Il at ilevr-liipuig a program, as being a positive step to llll'l'l eilura
. i, s i o .paiiisli in preparation Ior school tirinal needs of tlic growrng Spanish speaking I‘li'

year instruction iloiic entirely in Spanish. irieiii within the (‘llV
I l
» - ' GUILTV'
A career Ill law ‘ '
I I l ‘ ,
- luAll ('l..r\|ltl'), Wis .r\l' ' |‘
WI out law school i      r 
I .iriil cosls l"rida\' on one oi lliti'l

tiiiil‘uls charges l'l'sllllﬂlij llHlil

When you become a Lawyer's Assrslant i
you ll do work traditionally (tone by lawyers

work which is challenging, responsmle
and intellectually stiiiiulaliiiu Lawyer's
Assistants are now so critically needed that
llic Institute tor l’aialeoal Training can
()lli‘l you .i position in the iiity ol your choice

and .i liltilil‘l stalling salary lllilli you (I
export .i:'. .I li‘l l‘lil r'ollniie riiaituatc lll'll' om lll -il -I| ‘ '
is .I l'illl't‘l .15; .l illllll".?}|()ll.tl wrtlr liriaiii i.il 'i‘l H“. m H I. W
il‘W.llllfi tli.il iiii ll‘.l‘»i‘ Willi

l‘llmllllllih made by .l lltii\~i iti
coed last spring

'l'wo llllll‘l‘ charges .|,[.IIIi‘ ‘le
creator of illl' "l.'i| \lllll! (or in

st rip \ycri- ilroppr-rl

“You are .i ltlllilll‘ lll‘lil'
Iold ('app, "I iliai'l ilriirr.

"\I‘l .ir'iriiis|\ lll llllliili'

rpp Illl’Jlil‘ti 'Ilil‘

“WNW. your ill'Vt‘l()[llill] oi illi’liitilril .rrlrr - « Ii
i.r Iii. iiill,'|ilili‘ tl
It you illl' .i '.llllli‘lll ol iiiriii .ii .iilr-iiiii him thew" ‘
.i.iriiliriri .lllll .llt‘ lllli‘ll".ll'll Ill |lilii ii ml
H H . , lli4“r:[|ii
..iiiii roiiii ,.[ll'i|l\‘.\llllrilitti-Irir“.i'llllll’l' ' *l'l " ll

_ ‘lllll'rlliliil r.». llii .‘ r

(»0lllil(llllill)lllti‘llll‘llllllllii‘ “MIHIH'II‘H I“ ‘I'i'
A representativeol llii- lllfrllllill' “4" "' l‘ "l' l“"

wrll Vltill your running-,0“ (Imp \\l .rr. r.a iii

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22

 

Illl‘l a ll'iiilll ll ilII ‘llil
Wisr'oii-aii l'..irit lill'

lii l‘llllrl\‘ reading oi iii.
inalioii iii llii‘ | ia il a: l “‘l

fr i
liilt II lllt above date I'r Illiiillvr'liil'lll ha

1., .,. - . «

l” " ‘4” ‘I' Willc lilt' lll‘rlllilll' loi ioloiiiiaiiori YHU m‘" l"l‘l' li-nl I t. II ri|\it ll
olliii.i|-. to ||.|ll|i llltii ltililll
representing lllill'll‘lll I" I"" H

The Institute for We "'    "‘1‘"
Paralegal Training   ‘

i:iiir ii - ~ 5 I I
not 401’ Walnut St l’lrila Pa i€)ll)b :\ married Willlt.ill loll: irl \‘ “
(Mfr) WA 5 000.5

l'tlllil' lli liis Illillil urn-iii

Went to iill' iiroiii iii.id< Ilii "'”
lIr.

. ‘rillllillh that r---.ritir-rl HI
‘L'llilﬂﬂﬂx.'

 

FEBRUARY 15, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“AMERICAN DEMOCRACY IS
- NOTHING T0 BE PROUD 0F”

(Editor‘s note: Whenever the
US. government talks about Vict-
iiairiization. it talks about the
increasing number of South Vici-
iiaincse soldiers IiiiiW pushing one
million). But no one bothers to
polar out that a great many of the
soldiers already in the South Vict
iiamesc army are there agaiiisi
their will ltli‘al-[t‘tl to till the
tpioial and are openly hostile to
the Saigon gowriiiiieiii .riid the
US. pi‘cseiite in their country.

The following excerpted letter by
.1 Vietnamese soldier in ihc Saigon
army responds to Liillllilt'llls by
l’resiileiii Ni\oii .iiid Ills". Aiiibas
sadoi lillswoith l’iiiiikci about the
oiir' iriaii clciiioii held last Scp
icinbcr in Vietnam. -

[hm/«m: “ion iaiii mpr If too
llllltlll /Il)lll Illl\ lllll/i'll/l'lll Ill/ll'l/
i'oioiliy ”

\i'.\iiiI. "ll-ll Iii/(i it /l'Il IIIi‘Il
gr Ill irilioirs Ill /llll l/Il‘ l Il'llIilIlll'H

lilll tlIIi|\ (ll iiiiil llli \‘ '-

Mr. l'ii'sidciii and Mr. Aiiibassa
illIlZ

/\ltct s<'\'i't‘.il iiiglits lll ilclilii'i'a
iioii. l ieali/c I must wake up no
people .iiid protest your eoiiieiiip
tuoiis words by writing this open
letter. ll‘l do not, the frustration
within me will explode in more
violent and effective means of
protest...

I cannot take action because I
am a soldier bound by strict rcgu»
lations. I cannot march ill the
street waving banners or burning
(‘i’l’lglt'S like iitlit't‘ young Vlt'l
iiaiiiese oiiiside the r'i-giiiicnied
world of ihe army. lliii like them,
I am proud of Victim”)... l have

iroi lorgoiieii my origins. .iiid

neither my conscience nor my
heart are yet Sinicized, Frcnchi-
lied. or Aiiieriranized. I still feel
shame when my country and my
people are scorned...

The Aiiici'icaiis arrived in this
land alter the signing of the
(ii‘tit‘Yd Agreements. claiming to
be helpingr my country in her light
against [lit‘ (.‘oiniiiunisis. to be
proieciing the southern part ol-
our country .iiid to be pr‘midiiig
".st't'iit‘lt)". l-iil‘ nations on lllt'
iitliL‘t‘ \lllL‘ lil‘ tllt‘ ilt'l'illl. ttit'liltlllig
your own. biii not to be bringing
pt‘iigi‘t'ss to .1” "lllltll'l'tlt'Vt'llll‘l'tl"
Liilllill‘y.

‘l'lir' di'iisioii to pour iii /\iiicric;iii
lirriip's “as pillcl\ silaii'gli. ili'
sigiii'il to lillilil a solid \\‘.lll tii
toiitaiii (fhiiia and lo .i\cii llii'
ioiiseipiciiics of waking up ihi'
iiger. li was iioi designed io lll'll‘
iitil' people lirid .i lllli' loi'iii ol
dciiioir'aty. lii Iati. ii the Aiireri
iaiis had not iiiii'ilcrcil \\lili plaiis
loi i'lt'tlllill\ lllltlt'l llll' (it'll\'\.|
Agi‘ceiiieiiis. the \\‘.II would run
li.t\L‘ begun .iiid the Vietnamese
people would have bccn t'i'llllllt‘tl
iii brotherly love. (The l’eiitagoii
l’apcrs t'iilil‘lt’lllt‘tl that the ll,.\'.
had sabotaged the plan l'or clt'c
tions and reunification of Viet
riam because intelligence reports
indicated Ho Chi Miiili would
have won any elections easily.)
Everything can be [rated back to
the Americans...

Democracy has been when away
li‘oiii out country by a capitalist
superpower. 'l‘hc Unich Siaics
has run lcit us alone for .i single
moment. so iliat we tllllltl to
gi'ilici' begin rebuilding what slii'

has ruined. beiaiise she is .ilraiil

that our people, with more than
400 years” experience of nation-
buildiiig, will rise up.

In a way it is true to say we‘re
not ready for democracy (Nixon),
or that one cannot expect too
much from such an underch
vclopcd people (bunker), because
it will indeed take us a very long
time belore we are ready for
Ailit‘i'lt’tlli style dcriioeracy...

liven inside your own country.
which boasts of its civilization and
deiiioei‘aey. many people still livc
in ilic iiiosi \\'i't‘lt'lit‘tl toiiditioiis.
.iiid oiin .i liew capitalists eiiioy
ilii' lil‘tllts til. lillc to i‘\(i's,s. ll. tlii'
United States is truly tl\'lll/('ll and
ileiiiot‘i‘aiii . why is there so llltlt’ll
i'aiial hatred tlii't't" \\’li\ are there
sihools. hospitals. plates ol biisi
lll'SS .Ititl i‘llli'iltlllillti‘lll \t‘y‘l't'ﬂillt'tl
betwccii uhilcs and blanks" Why
do llt'l' laws iioi pi‘oteii the weak
.llltl thc iiiiiioriiics .iiid eicii ihe
\i-i‘y lives ol llt‘l' (iii/ens. instead
ol guns .Illll bullets being llt't'l\
iiscd to colour piiigle law?

The spiritual \aliics ol /\iiiei'i
tdll style tl\|ll/.lliiill .iiid tli'lllittl'd
iy lall lai sliori ol thosc loiiiid in
Asia and Alrii’a. 'l‘hey ai'i- like .i
rout of paint on .i piece ol Wood
Wliosc inside has been eaten up by
termites.

American democracy is nothing
to be proud ol‘. Nor is the law
that American dollars have cii
abled you to control smaller iia
irons; ii the U.S. is really the
model of thll|'/..Illiill and demo
iraiy, lltt‘ll ilic world (atltiiil last
llllltlt longer...

I now .iiliiiii iliai ill our own
ioriiiii'y iheic .Iii' many iraiiors

whose love ol lliiillt‘\’ has made

 

 

 

Place your

Classified Ads 

at the

Albany Student Press Classified Table.

[It will be located in the Campus Center

Lobby Today 8. Tomorrow.
from 9 iii 3:30

ASP OMSSIFIEDS PRO0IIOE REM 73!!

liliWARl-Z

'l'llli ll)liS

l’I-IISRUARY

 

 

 

them usurp our people’s democra-
tic institutions. But this minority
will be run down by the wheel of
history and the march of progress
of our people will step over their
dead bodies....

Our country may really lack
democracy. but it is the kind of
democracy that the foreign capi-
talists are trying to impose on us.
We may be underdeveloped, but it
is the kind of undcrdevclopincnt
that we have cultivaicd through
more than 4000 years of nation-
building: We cannot tolerate dis“
order. prostitution. manslaughter.
robbery. rape and other such ills.
We cannot allow them to corrupt
the loiiridaiioiis of our family
sil'lliliiii' and our iiiiii'allti 

In short. your miiiiiH mcels
our ioiiiiiri only in die areas we
haw already i't‘lt'llt‘tl. The things
you L.Ill t|\’lll/.illiiil .iiid democra-
l\ iilll\ t.Itl‘iL‘ us to throw up. As
Asians in general and Vieiiiaiiiese
iii par-iiiiilai. \\'i' sti't'su benevo
lt'lltl‘, harmony, ioiiipassioii and
spiiiiiial beauty.

We tarriioi tliaiigc ourselves into
urwboys .iiid .ni out scclics limit
the Wild Wt'st with blows. knives
and guns. So we prefer to reserve
this democracy for your enjoy-
inciit, Mr. President and Mr. Airi-
bassador, No otlicr country in the
world Would dare accept it unless
it wrslied to destroy its own cul-
rure.

I hope that my humble words
arouse your sluiiibcrmg coir-
siiein’cs in lime liii‘ you to look at
your selves and change your
ioiirsc, I would be iiiosi satisfied
ll. you lL'll \otit‘ hiin positions and
llt‘tillllt' ordinary L’iri/eiis again.
'l'hcii you tlllllti ask your govern-
Ilil‘lll pciiiiissiori to come back
her.- .Illtl siudy the good and
beauiy ol .1 people with a
-lllllll yin“ iiltl Lllllill't'.

And when you came I would be
more ihari glad to bring you into
ihc remote areas of our country
.iiid lei the patient and li.ll'ilrWi)l'l(

mg peasants reach you the way.

 

 

 

CG think God is a

Supreme Being Who ultimately

governs our lives. 9 9

It you've got something to say about God, we'll give you
I lilctlmo to ﬂy it . . . I! I Prion in the Albany Diocese.
We’re looking for hard-core human holngl.

(mini: is Fr. Ilill liyun
40 No. Maia Avriiiie
Albany, N. Y. 12203
Alil2s5502

 

 

 

 

