 
   
 

    
 

 

.Ir a...

:a. mi; .

 

 

 

 

Guerrilla Theater, *

at the
Hellman

by Steve Aminoff

The combined efforts of the SUNYA Peace
Project and the “Schenectady Clergy and Layman
Concerned," staged a small but persistent demon-
stration against the use of a benefit screening of the
film version of Kurt Vonnegut's “Slaughterhouse-
Five” at the Hellman Theater last Thursday night.
The group sponsoring the benefit was the Albany
and Colonie League of Republican Women Voters.

The demonstration took the form of members of
the SUNYA Peace Project setting up still dramas
depicting the horrors of massive aerial warfare, as
people from the SCLC handed out leaﬂets. As one
participating person in the Guerrilla Theater put it,
“We wish to illustrate the lunacy of sponsoring a
paciﬁst ﬁlm whose purpose is to point out the
horrors of devastation of civilian populations (the
infamous Dresden fire-bombings) by a group who
would re-elect this decade’s bomber himself."

Kurt Vonnegut was contacted in his Manhattan
home and asked if he knew about how the film was
being used. When he said that he did not, and was
told, the phone allegedly went silent for a few
seconds. His comment was: “Well, l'm flabber-
gasted. In a way, though, i think it’s hilarious that
they would use that ﬁlm. But i wouldn’t be too
concerned about it, this is just more Martha
Mitchell—-3000 young republican rooting section—
kidstuff."

Two of the area’s paciﬁst groups Wcrc very
concerned about how the film was being used. In
what promised to be driving min, a small group of
people brought the required props for stage theater
depicted on this page. Ed Hayes, a member of the
SUNYA contingent and teacher of the Peace Studies
courses here this semester noted that, “We feel it's
basic not to let people coming to the theater have a
nice evening tonight because millions of lndochinese
aren't having a nice evening. They’re being mur-
dered by an air war.”

Continued Hayes: "We feel that people should be
confronted with the fact that Nixon isn't the peace
candidate he pretends to be, but instead is the man
the killing wounding or making homclcss of six
million Indochincsc since he has taken office."

All went smoothly at the Hellman until three
persons who had paid the five dollar admission price
got bored with the politics of the film and, spurred
on by the alcohol in their systems, decided to
articulate their own political feelings with shouts
and threats. Cool heads on the part of the demon-
strators prevented any unpleasantneas that might
have occurred. One of the three was asked what he
thought of the message of the film, and replied, “I
didn't see it, I came here to get drunk."

As people left the theater, the light drizzle had
become a torrential downpour. Nevertheless, the
customs of the benefit screening were greeted by
another still drama. On one side were two "dead"
people arid a sign over them which said “Dresden
1945: 100,000 dead." On the other side were two
“dead Vietnamese" with a sign over them that read
“Indochina: 6,000,000 killed, wounded or made
refugees under Nixon." In the center wire a figure
dressed up as Nixon holding a placard in one hand
and the victory sign. The placard read, "Who Me?
Learn from the mistakes of the past?"

As the leaﬂet they were handing out explained,
“Ween here to challenge the morality of massive
attacks on civilian populations as military strategy,
and to challenge you to see this specter of mass
murder face to face and know soon of the honor of
a strategy of terror."

 
   

 

 
 
 
 
      
 
    
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
 
     

 

Billy Pilgrim in the Snow. A still from “Slaughter-House Five,” shown at
the Hellman for the ediﬁcation of Albany and Colonie League of

Republican Women Voters.

 

 

Guerrilla Theater Tactics. Crucifixion enacted during Harrisburg 7

trial. Photo taken April, I972.

 

Uncle Sam beats his drum to tune of Viet Cong kuoos. Demon-
stration oi Guerrilla Theater at SUNYA during Nixon's spring

bombing raids. Photo taken April, l972.

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1972

 

ﬁreman J‘Xcmlﬂhrr

 

 

  

Albany's Mayor Erastus Corning

F.S.A. Operating Cash Shrinks

by .1. Stephen li‘lavin

Our Faculty Studcnt Associir
tion lives on borrowed money-
to the extent of $000,000
annually.

The $600,000 is not a loan but
a line of credit for FSA to draw
upon as needed, from the State
Bank of Albany. Lines of credit
are unsecured; nothing is mort-
gaged. Until this year the not
worth of FSA has been enough
to cover loans and lines of ('rc-
(lll.

VSA, sustaining lossca for llic
third consccuiivc your, lists its.
lli'i worth at ill)])l‘(lelllill.l'ly
Morrow) linﬁbl‘n for fiscal ycar
[0713 lnlnlr-(I '200,00(), and his!
your Iil'i Ins iltlill'll up to soinl'
$il.in,0()0. 'l'lirci' yI-ars ago lll('
ncl rorporalc worth of l’SA was
U\’|'l' .‘lil million.

«

l  r<\/,.

3P.

deutscn

Norbert Zahm, FSA executch
director maintains that the net
worth of the corporation should
have been $3 million, but incf
fectivc management (or as one
obscer of the Board of Direc-
tors tcrmcd “managerial stu-
pidity") has cost the corporation
and the students who support
l’SA dearly. The students sup-
port lFSA through profits rea-
lized on tho various quad food
opcralions.

Though not currently in nor-d
ol' largc amounts of opci'ating
cash (a ri-sull of incomc from
book sales and contract mcal
sales), FHA's low of credit with
illl‘ 'lhtc liank of Albany r-x
pil‘i-s In ()Cliilil‘i‘, FHA mny tlii-n
l)l' forccd lo iiiorlgngi- its rc
niailiing props-rims, including
Mohawk Campus, Wavcriy Plot-c,
lih Highland Drivc, and sr-vr-rnl
llllllhl'h I'l'llli‘ll lo lnlcriialioruil

 

 

Val. LIX, No.34 Stare Unlvenlry of New York at Albany  1972

pawn On Student Apartments 

Zoning Violations Cited

by Ed Deady
City Hall Correspondent

If you are living in an apartment off-campus and
sharing it with other students or friends, your
landlord could be forced by the city of Albany to
evict you.

Under the zoning ordinances of the city of
Albany, many sections of the city are zoned against
multi-family housing and consequently, do not
allow two or more unrelated people to live under
the same roof. At Mayor Corning's weekly press
conference held yesterday, the mayor explained to
the ASP that the city is cracking down on students
who share apartments in one and two family
residential areas because of numerous complaints by
neighborhood groups.

There have been reports that as many as eight to
twelve students are sharing a single apartment in
some sections of the city.

Look Elsewhere

According to the mayor, city ofﬁcials are focusing
attention on the area around Myrtle, Morris, Park
and Main Avr-nuo, from which the greatest number
of complaints originate. He advised students who
are renting in areas zoned against multi-family
residences to look elsewhere for housing.

According to Corning, the university was notifich
last spring that the city would be enforcing the
zoning ordinances on a strict basis starting in the
summer months, and that students should be
advised of this policy before they began selecting
apartment sites for the new school year.

Some studcnu; have already been confronted with
eviction noliccs by landlords faced with the possi-
bility of high fines for not complying with the city

Students for opt-ruling cash or
collateral. All of those properties
could be mortgaged or sold. and
are worth some $11 00,000.

Zuhm docs not see any real
problems in obtaining FSA's line
of credit, claiming that, “we
may not get llll' whole
$600,000. but we may not need
all of it. This year we used and
paid brick $300,000. We need
less money for sliorli-r pcriods of
time."

Even if FSA docs retain its
i'rcdit linc, the campus corpora
lion cannot afford any lIlUl'i‘
financially “tr-d" ywirs. (.‘oiilrnu
iiig lusscn Ill miijiir progrulii
iii-ms, llu- l’zitroon llooni,
llookslorc, and Faculty Housing,
ri\ wcll ilh “liciii-volciil funi-
Iioiis" wdl liavc to l)(‘ plum-d out
ll Llll' corporation In to roach any
ll‘Vl'l of financial security

F.S.A. Executive Director Norbert anun

ordinances. Investigators are presently canvassing
many areas where residents have complained of
zoning violations and there are expected to be some
evictions in coming weeks. The Mayor stressed that
this is not an anti-student movement on the part of
the city and that he is not against students who rent
off-campus, but that he does feel zoning ordinances
must be enforced. Corning also stated that students
living under family-like conditions (unmarried peo-
ple living together) would probably not be affected
by the renewed enforcement of the zoning rules.
Other Business

in other developments at the conference, Mayor
Corning explained why he was not working official-
ly as an upstate co-ordinator for the McGovern
campaign. "Co-ordinators' responsibilities involve
very detailed and time consuming work," the mayor
explained, continuing that he felt this would con-
ﬂict with his duties as mayor. He also stated his
opinion that George McGovern -is slowly gaining
ground on Richard Nixon despite what the New
York ’l‘inics poll indicated on Monday.

in a response to a question concerning Theresa
Cook and the Albany Taxpayer's Association attack
on the city school board’s allegedly extravagent
expenditures over the past few years, the mayor
could say only he had not had the opportunity to
analyze the figures involved, and that Ms. Cook
tcndcd to cxaggcratc some of the figures she had
presented in past encounters.

As for the continuing feud between the mayor and
the city fircmL-n ovcr irn increase in salary and
benefits, Corning slated that neither side seemed
likely to compromisiI and therefore, no progress can
bc cxpcctcd in llll' coming weeks. The ﬁre-fighters
have recently rcr'i‘ivcd an incrensc in pay but are still
demanding more job benefits.

 

Three Prisoners of War Come Home

by John Vinor'ur
Associated Press Writr-r

lf()l‘l'2NllA(il'2N ’l‘lirr-c
Airicrican pilots ruin-used l'ioiii
Norlh Viclnuiru-nc prison camps
l'lvw ironic Thursday night and
Hlll' snld llli‘ Ami-rican pi-opli-
must hour the "nisponsibilily"
for bringing Lliv remaining 400
men out of captivrly.

iii-horrid after a lunch on stcak
and .ir'liirapps and ll viail to a
royal puiut‘c changing of Iliu
giinri', lit. Lg. Mnrlt (ini'lli-y, l.l.
Lg. Norris Charis-s and Ma). [Cd
ward Elias loft Copenhagen for
New York after their limit hours
outside the Communist world.
'I'hoy luul arrived in Denmark on
'l‘hunulay nronring from Muir

('ow, ('li roulr- homo from l’r-king
and Ilanol With their antiwar
chnporonus.

/\ Deli-rim» Department spokes
man in Washington said arrange-
nwnts had l)|'t'll made for a team
of military officials, including
|)llyhl('lnllh, to mm-i tho pilots
upon their arrival at Kcnnudy
Airport in New York.

'l‘hc rmnmli about rcsponsibili
ly clinic from Charles. it was the
toughest, mos! politically orient-
ml statement to conic out of an
airport news conference but
norm of lllo tlireri pilots would
endorse a H h‘. presidential crui-
dldiitn or ofl'cr crilioisrri or sup-
porl for American tactics in

Vo-lnum.

"ll was my hr-lu-f and tin-
bi-livl' of the men with whom i
llVl'fl In llunoi," said (lliiirli-s,
"that if Ihi~ war is terminatml
thr-ir return Ironic will liv i'cr‘
tain. l have committed riiyscl f to
do everything in my power to
work for their return home."

Addressing himself to Amt-ri-
runs, Charles said: "i pondered
thi- question who can he] p me or
is responsible for bringing these
nu-n homo. it dawned upon me
that It was you, the American
pi-o'piu. if you really want i4)
bring these men borne you can
do it. if you really want to end
the war you can do it.

"i and some of the nrcn l lcft
luch ll great deal of faith 'aiid
hopr- ill you, the Airu-rlcun pi-o
pic. I call on you lo hist inc in
helping to bring lhcsc llll'll
hoinc."

Charles had been in prisoner of
war camps for nearly a your.

A question on how the men
might try to influence American
opinion was replied to by Gart—
icy, who had lit-on held for foiir
years until his release 12 days
ago.

llcferring to ii statement by
actress Jane Fonda that she
found the l’()Ws backing thr-
presidential candidacy of Sen.
(.icorgu Mciiovorn, llic. llicr said:

“Miss Fonda is not qualified to
speak for the general opinion of
all illi- prisoners of war. The
numlwr of opinions among the
prisoners of war are as many as
[he llulllllt'r of prisoners them.
selves, and l poniunuily cannot
spunk for the general opinion of
all tlu~ prisoners and l'm sure it
just can't be done."

Asked about his own choice,
(iartley said: “The issues and
poliClcs are not completely clear
to me. What is clear to me is that
the men who are still there must
('onlc home and whichever poli-
cy is the one that can bring them
home is the one I can support
the most."

  
   

    
  

.m.

 

