’7,

    

PAGE 2

WSUA Granted

Funds in Council Vote

By Ted Lilian

For over a year the possibility of converting WSUA to an FM
station has been discussed. Central Council last. Thursday night gave
the station an initial appropriation of $5,424.50 to begin broadcasting
on a ten-watt educational band, commencing towards the end of the

Fall '72 semester.

The actual ground level exploration was conducted by a special
committee established by President Lumpert in the beginning of the
Fall 71 semester. The issues ofamount of listeners, cost and controls i, i

were extensively researched.

A ten watt band, as explained in a report by Joel Lustig, Asst. to
the President, hits several advantages. It is less expensive to obtain .
involves fewer legal dealings and is easier to operate. In the future ad "
expansionbf wattage would be possible. The initial work has been
done and in a matter of months all within a six or seven mile radius x

will be hearing the vibrant sounds of WSUA.

TENURE OF OFFICE DISCUSSED

The tenure of office for the President and Vice President of
Student Association was discussed. Presently the President and Vice
President some one year terms, commencing two weeks after they are
elected. Council member .lack Schwartz proposed that these ofﬁcials
not be allowed to succeed themselves, However. because of serious

constitutional qucstions, a vote was never taken.

Tlic controversy rcvolvud around a decision by Council Chairman
Licsc. llc I'tllUIl that the proposal must lakc lhc form of an animal-
merit to the Student Association consilulion, because it referred to
the terms of office. As such a lwo-thirds affirmalivo (,‘ouncil volc,
followcd by a sliidt-iit referendum would be iicccssary. Schwartz and

FM

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

, . . . .
Kcn Stoki-ni believed the bill conccrncti eligibility and belonged in the
election laWs. 'l'horcforc, a referendum would not be necessary.

A motion was made to overrule thc chair‘s (lccision. Discussion

revolved iiol around the issue, but the parliamentary question. The
hill was Withdrawn Eutl subsequently rcoffcrcd with minor changes of

wording.

(.hairniiin Liesu remained firm. He still believed the proposal was

by J.S. Flavin

fall, which of the following will
you be paying more for:

constitutional in nature. After another discussion on the parliamen-

tary ramilications, the bill was finally withd rawn or more considera-

tion by the sponsors.

scbwartz later explained the bill as an attempt to end the rule of
an elite. He' believes Student Association is unresponsive to student

A, Tuition

B. Dorm Rentals
C. College Fees

D. All of the Above

desires, because the same group of people are continuously in power.

Nothing has yet been settled. It is logical to assume that a second

attempt will be made.

COUNCIL REJECTS SMC CONFERENCE

Again Council rejected a plea for recognition by a politically active
group. Student Mobilization Committee asked Central Council mem-
bers to support the anti-war conference to be held by that group in

New York City on February 25-27.

Council members Kopilow and Widelitz killed the bill. Kopilow
stated that SMC is an illegitimate group that “engages in active
support of the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese Communists."
Widelitz stated that the organization involved was in favor of the

destruction of Israel, The Council members were overwhelmed by the

impassioned speeches of their two comrades. By a voice vote the bill

was defeated.

Lou Abrams, spokesman for SMC, later cxpre

pointment with Council’s

ssed his disap-

decision. “I think they were fooled by

people from different political groups. They were against us because
we wouldnt adopt their tactics." He pointed out that the National
Youth for McGovern and the student governments of over one hun-

dred universities have endorsed the conference.

Thursday night’s men-ting was not Without significant personnel
changes. Gregg Maynard, representing the commuting students sub-
mitted a 'Wl'ltlt'll rcsignation to Vice-Chairman Festus .lovcc ‘lll llic-aIth
was a major factor in his decision. .-\ new member froniAltimni Quad

. ,4 , J, . ‘ n
was \(..ll.t.(l,-Idlrlck Curran, ihc only froslnmn on t‘ouncil, won his se
in Llll‘ special election llt'ltl last Monday through Wednesday

*****

SAMUEL
GOLDWYN. JR amt:

at

iii‘iiiiit-siiifii‘iis- militia  is

TOWER EAST CINEMA
February 25 and 26 K 7

3.50 with state quad card

,, . u

 

PLUS: Short Feature: FATTY ARBUCKLE

All of the Above!

Rockefeller‘s crippled State
Treasury calls for Chancellor
Buyer's office to raise
$63,000,000 of the State Appro-
priated $470,747,000 for fiscal
72-73. For SUNY to not raise all
of the $63,000,000 would mean
further cutbacks in programs, con-
struction, education, and services.

Recent ASP articles heralded
pending increase in tuition. Now
it has been learned that the Exe-
cutive Budget for fiscal 72-73
includes an “assumption” that re‘
venues for SUNY shall be raised in
part by increased Dormitory Ren-
tal Fees.

To attend a state college next

Robert Conery, New York State
Budget Office, claims that the
GoVernor's Budget does not affect
the State Subsidy for Dormitory
Debt Service (estimated at $6.4
million in 7172, 1/3 of total debt
service costs to retire bonds and
accumulated interest.)

For 1971-72, Conery said,
“Debt Service amounted to
$366 per bed. Operating expenses
brought the total per bed cost to
$849. Resident students only paid
approximately $550." In other

words, State appropriations last.

year paid $299 per resident’s bed.

Inﬂation and increased utility
and custodial costs are being
passed onto the resident students.

Coupled with less State funds
for operating expenses, an in-
crease of $100 per year per resi-
dent student is imminent. There
are approximately 55,000 resident
students in the SUNY system.

Harold Spindler, Assistant

  
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
  

Dollack

Last Thursday WSUA was given an initial appropriation of $5,424.50 to begin FM broadcasting. In a
matter of months all within a six or seven mile radius will be hearing the Albany station's vibrant sounds

Room Rate Hike Imminent
As State Cuts Dorm Subsidy

SUNY Vici- ('lianccllor to i":
nance and Business. clamor-d tin
assumption" of a liikc lll iliirnu
tory rentals by Spt'lllltg out a
budget cut of s. nolrona lor
dormitory operation, A! Sltlltpi-r
resident student, the budgi-t cut i\
matched by increased ri-iilals

 

Boyer may he sci-king ":ii
suranCe funds." A $150 l’t'sltlt‘ltl
annual parking fee, student itcaltlt
fees, admission fee tnCl'i’itst'\, and

more are strong possibilities
Rocky’s Executive Butlch is
based, in part, on a $010,000
Federal subsidy (Rt-venue

Sharing). Should these funds iiol
come through, all State agencies
will be cut back further after and
year.

Action on the pt'oposcil St ‘1
College tuition, rent, and fee
creases is probably to bc lakt'n
at the March Min-ting of
SUNY Board of Trustees

 

With 8 $100 rise in r
oom ra ' ' ‘
moving into off-campus housinss‘rzppearmq 'm-minent, more students might begin to seriously constder
. 0 rate hike is necessitated by a reduction in the State's dorm iUbed‘l‘

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1972

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 3

 

Cooke and Stein Look At Al

.f‘

by Ed Potskowski
First in a Series

“We want to know how the City of Albany spends
our money and rims our government." With those
words. 'I'licrcsa Cooke and Robert Stein summarized
the purpose of their invcsligation into thc 1071-72
Albany City Budget,

Aitcmpting to move through the cily bureaucracy
is like wading through a sea of tapioca pudding. Bul
’l'hercsa Cookc and Bob Stcin are doing just that. in
order to obtain some explanations to some very
puzzling entries in the new city budget. And they
are discovering some very puzzling facts.

Theresa Cooke-11 SUNYA graduate working on
her Master‘s Degree in Business Administration—is
devoting full time to her efforts. She is also kept
busy raising three children.

Cooke began her investigation last March because
she was “disturbed by the political machine control
of the school board.” She contends that the school
board did not inform the public of the contents of
its budget. At that time there was a three man board
appointed by Mayor Corning.- All were over 60 years
old.

“The two oldest (about 70 and 80) vacationed in
Florida for a couple of months,” Cooke states, “and
let the other member run the board without a
quorum." One man was running a twenty million
dollar enterprise and, according to Cooke, he was
violating many state laws, including the purchase
laws. She claims that there was little communication
with the public, and board meetings were held only
at his convenienceﬁometimes with only ten
minutes notice.

Who was this man? It was Judge Holt Harris, who,
Cooke points out, doesn‘t even live in Albany. He
maintains a “ficticious residence" here. Judge Harris
has since resigned as required by law, and there is
now an elected school board.

The school system, she claims, accounts for xi()""n
of the city payroll and thus 40% of the Mayor's
powcr Sbc will l)l‘ gathering and indexing informa-
tion concerning cvt-ry member of the school payroll
In lini- With this. she will be seeking answers to
scvr-ral q iicslioiis tlial htch bccn raisctl:

Do school system employees hold other city jobs"
What is llll'll‘ family relationship to members in tlic
cin and party ailniiiiistration" (Tooke hopes to
dispel or Verify the rumor that tlic school system is
laden with palronagc

Dtiring hcr invvstigation, Cooke discovcrcd that
Albany has the highcst school dcbt in tho arca
(about $1 l.00t),000) th, slic asks, wliai do wr-
lizch to show for it',’ Only the much crilicizcd
$3,000,000 Albany High School project for which
she holds Judgc llolt llarris till‘t‘CLly responsibil-
Bast-(l (in lhl'sc inconsistciicics and questions, Cooki-
and her staff plan to dcvotc cvcn more tune to a
doiailcd iiii‘cstigation of the Albany school budget

Too Many Questions

Cooke's curiosin led her to next cxaminc llll'
entire city budget “Why,” she asked the Mayor,
“with a tax increasi- of 84% are there no increases in
City servicts‘f“ She said the Mayor refused to answer
her question.

At this point it seemed the city was beginning to
hear of the “lady who asks too many queslions."

For the first time in recent memory, Mayor
Corning appeared at a budget hearing before the
Common Council (similar to a city legislature) to
defend his budget. He spoke for ten minutes and
left-without taking any questions. The Common
Council (which is all Democratic) refused to answer
questions according to Cooke,

The budget was passed without
alteration; something, Cooke says,
is normal procedure. “It would be
highly inappropriate," Theresa
Cooke explains, “to question his
Honor‘s wisdom anti judgement
concerning the disbursement of
over 33 million dollars of public
money "

City Budget Probed

li was at this point that Bob
Stein, a local real estate agent, -
joined forces with Cooke. and
together they formed the nucleus
of a ’I'axpayers‘ Association. “We
wish to overcome the apathy and
intimidation of Albany's citizens
and encourage them to participate
in their city government," Stein
explains.

Attempting to clarify some
points in what Major Corning
termed his “first realistic budget",
Cooke and Stein invited the
Mayor, or his representative, to a
public forum January 5 at Chan‘
cellor's Hall. The discussion would
be concerned with the budget and
public finances. The Mayor re-
fused to participate, saying that it
would be “highly inappropriate",
Cooke and Stein, aided by a small
staff of 20 researchers, were left
to find the answers that the city
wouldn‘t provide. And they found
some surprising answers.

First, they compared the street
cleaning, maintenance and repair

entry with the city of
Schenectady:

Albany Schenectady
Population [24.000 87,000
Emu?“ 205 miles lHJl miles
Maintained

Schenectady liutlgi-tcil aboiil
$62l,0t)0 in |£l72 for slrccls The
city‘s osttinaics In the past have
provcri to ho fairly accurate
Albany is 1 Its limos lllt' size of
Schenectady, and has only 12'”,
more roads (‘ooko- lnltlllpllt'd Illl'
amount Sclii-ncclady builgclcd for
slrccls by I lit to art'ch at an
approxmialiiin ol' wlial Albany
should bc spending Slic dis
covorcd tli.it Albany‘s ri-qiicst was
$000,000 ovcr licr i-sliniaicd fig
tlrc

The key qiii-stioii (‘ookc wants
.iiisWi-ri-(l is "Why is Albany's fig
are so high" And why the figiic of
$16 million in 1072 whcn in
12170 and '7l the Mayor‘s ucltuil
cspcnscs for this iii-m wcrt- $1: 1
and $2 1 rntllton"" (Iookc asscrls
that those figures are an attempt
to deceive the taxpayers
Cooke and Stein asked llicsc and
many more questions. The Mayor
replied that he "could not provide
answers" but would allow an
examination of city records, A
Pandora‘s Box opened over Christ-
nias vacation as Cooke and Stein
poured over these records. She
discovured that there was “little
relation to what Mayor Corning
said in his budget and to what he
spcnt." As it small example, she
noted that the city spent $2.80

 

Seruli lawrence Colege / University of Michigan
EUROPEAN SUMMER SESSIONS 1972
Florence;
tendon: London: June 23 . August 4; $800
Paris: The Revolutionary Tradition in Paris: July 1 - Aug11,‘ $800

Renaissance Florence: July 1 - August 11;-$800

lacoste; (Southern France) Studio Arts: July 1 - Aug 12; $1,000

l’iogiaiii costs L‘t)VL‘l tuition, room and hoaid (except l’aiis- wlicrc
bicaklast and lunch .iic piovidcd), and plainch cxctiistons. Language
slltd)‘ (Italian and l‘icncli) oflcicd. l’iogiaiits open to all undergra-
duate lllt'll .iiiil woincn. lacoslc sltltllo int piogiain open to all Willi
lIllL'lt'sl oi backgioiinil lll an

I- (tr/cg” Slut/[ct t ) fficc

Sara/i Lawrcricc ( 'ri/Icgc
Ilru/lA’i'i/lc, ‘Vcic York [0708

For jurl/icr I'njurrrrulimt,
(/imcliurc aml applicalion)

 

per gallon on antifreeze when it
could be purchased under state
contract for $.95 per gallon.

She discovered gross violations
of purchase laws. Municipal law
states that any contract for goods
over $500 must be open to bid.
Cooke discovered many instances
where a firm splits up the goods
and send the city separate bills so
that the total of each individual
bill will not be over $500, and the
bid requirement can be ignored.
An example of this is an order for
police shiits front the South Pearl
Army and Navy Store (see Chart

),
“This way," Cooke explains,
“these contracts (lo iiol liaVc to lic
open for bid since each bill is
under $500. This practici- is :I
rl‘r-w, '1tlllllilll‘ll :liclzm '

 

 

 

 

Cooke also discovered that al-
though the Park Department has
300 employees and a fleet of
trucks, a separate contract is awar-
ded to transport sand boxes and
playground equipment from the
city garage to the parks. It cost
close to $500 to move just two
swing boxes to Washington Park, a
fee broken down in the following
manner: a loader at $22 per hour,
a supervisor at $9.45 per hour,
and a foreman at $9.45 per hour.

There are many lots and play-
grounds in the city, and the trans-
porlalioii of these playground
items costs the taxpayers thou-
sands of dollars. Why doesn't the
city savv this money and move
these items with thcir own equip-
ment and manpower? Ask the
man who holds the corilract,
says (‘ookc-William Carey, 9th
Wartl Democratic l.cadcr

Records Checked

The Mayor's :ittiludc changed
once (‘ookc and Stein made their
findings public. Access to public
city rccords, it appears, was all
most terminated. Cookt- sub-
mitted a rcqucsl, in writing, to
i-xaniinc ci-rlain city filcs. Permis-
sion was oliliiincd two weeks after
the It'llcr was sent l)lll only one
person vicw the records
(hence no Witnesses) and no
cameras or xvroxing were allowed.
Cooke comments: “To carefully
examine llic massch amounts of
papcr work and cntrii-s, we were
given about 20 minutes to see
current. records. ”

She did havo time to discover
that the December payroll for the
City Municipal (iolf Course con-
taincd 27 full time employees,
The golf course closed for the
season quite some time ago.
Cooke claims that there were
many questionable names on the
payroll, such as the son of Judge
I‘cpidino (City Police Court Jus-
tice) and relatives of Democratic
Committeemen,

could

 

ban

  

notskawskl

 

The on Cooke and Robert Stoln

An examination of the city's
garbage and dump contract also
yields some interesting material.
"The lowest paid laborer at the
dump," Cooke points out, "gets
$15,000 per year plus overtime."

The city rents equipment for the
landfill from North End Con»
tracting Company. (See Chart 2
for an account of just two pieces
of machinery.)

This is a lucrative "cost plus"
contract. Such contracts are given
for street resurfacing, street
sweeping, and landfill. One state
audit reported that “claims in
support of payments on the con-
tracts includc items for payrolls,
rentals of equipment, mainten-
ancc, parts and repairs, employee
benefits, insurance, accounting
l‘ccs, legal fees, clerical services,
mtItt'rittls‘ and supplies, protection
scrvtccs, office and garage rentals,
and broom refills."

In addition to all of this, the
contractor adds on an administra-
tive cost of 10 % and his fair
profit of “3%. The audit con—
cluded that: "There was no indi-
cation lliat the books and ac-
counts of the contractors were
attuned or examined to determine
the accuracy and legitimacy of
these charges." At the end of the
contract, the city owns nothing.
The man who owns the North
End Contracting Company and
the city's landfill contract is
William Carey—9th Ward Demo-
cratic leader.

The city owns about 24 dump
trucks, 1‘1 pick-up trucks, and 13
vehicles listed as “trucks”. Yet,
the city spends about $300,000
renting other equipment for
trash and sanitation. The Official
City Budget is an excercise in
simplicity. The lack of itemization
is notable Trash Collec-
tion—$225,000, Labor for Street
Cleaning~$140,000, Labor for
Street Maintainence—$410,000.
No Breakdown exists on who gets
how much or how many laborers
are employed.

 

 

 

Chart 1 clt P I
Date furnished 'Oyrd:rc use
uaiitity Amount '
12/29/71 18 $243 2107
12/29/71 16 $216 2108
12/30/71 20 $270 2109
Chart 2 New Mommy At end of 3 .
Item Purchase Rental Year contra“ cltY
Price to City Will Have Paid
1 HD-8
Dozer $83,760 $5,290 $190,440
" 'Coriipa'éiti'r""$17,300" "'“$5,612"""s2ti2,o3:i"'“""“"“‘ "

 

I
l
i
‘
g
:

 

 

    
 
 

 

