 

 rocc'socko" in Gym!

rosenberq

Poco and Gun Hill Road played “the Gym" admirably on
Saturday.

Concerts, Openings, Etc

"iliriorpic I," it Stale l‘llth‘l‘vlly ol Nevr York at Albany Music
Department Faculty (‘oiiccrL lcalrnirrg works by Marcello, (illlllll.
Brrisuiorlicr. 'l'clcurauir and other Baroque masters. is listed Irir
Monday, October In. tilt) p.in . at Ihc I’crlrrinriug Arts (‘cnicr'x
Recital Hall l:tt‘01ltlllllssllill

Performers include Ruth McKee. bassoon. Janice Nllllt‘ll. harpsi-
chord. lrwin (lilmari. flute. Rene l’riirs. oboe. and Daniel Nllllt'l\.
FltfllCil Iiorrr.

mtenr

Baxter’s Cafe. Xlt) Madison Avenue (between Ontario and ()uarl)
aririouuccs its Grand Reopening on Sunday. October X, To celebrate.
the Cafe is going to have an open-house and ltllll scssron that Sunday
to which everyone is ruviled.

Open Sunday tlirotigii Thursday. it pin. to l :i.iii.. every week,
glaxier‘s Cafe presents folk music. poetry. theater. lilins. etc. In
tllepast, Baxter's has presented some of Albany's finest talents.
Including John Simsoii. Hector. and John Lipniaii, ill a co/y.
intimate atmosphere which seems to bring oril their best. (Perhaps
it's because they rely on passing-the-lial for payment at Baxter‘s).
And. since Baxter's Cafe is a non—profit. corniruiiuty-niinded Place.
there is never an admission charge and the wide variety of coffees.
teas. and cheeses on its menu are priced lower than anywhere else.

So drop in to Baxter's Cafe on Sunday iiighi and bring your friends
and your instrument.

my, MAN *1 WONDER iF

,
straiin AN {‘NTlRt Rare rm
you (out) (term i)? AN 5mm: snot/P at

m
THEREFORf, THEN, IHOVL: wr

HAVE, FOR ONE REASO

N 0
ANoTItEIi , COMMITTED AN UNM
(T, THIN owr eRRaR srrouti) N

. warrrn {AHY runs}; : _ Nper arm
arrow wmc rm: , r V .m
c 1T5 GREAT ' _' v. , we ALONE A5

abrurseiltFAMous. ‘ iMDiVIDuALs?

'7“?
'9'!) 0'!
I .

by Steve Tesser

and Russ Craig
Last year Paco cancelled their
performance because Richie
Furay had come down with
“food poisoning." But Sat. night
there was no doubt that Poco
had arrived and in good health.
Form must be one of the best
live bands around. They played
happy. foot-stompin’, knee-
slappin'. shit-kickin’ music that
could get anyone off so long as
you are aliVe. If only they didn’t
have to play in that horrid gym.

The concert opened with
Gunhill Road doing some very
good songs, including one quite
excellent one, “Forty-second
Street." This was done with nice
smooth treble vocals, and it's no
wonder that this was their hit.
They used an electric guitar. an
acoustic guitar and the piano (as
compared to their using three
acoustic guitars for ilmost all
the other songs). Gunhill Road
also player] “All the Children." a
beautiful, compassionate song,
followed by “Low.” a nice.
moving song with a catchy tune.

Poco started the evening with
“Hot-doWn" which is on their
“From the inside“ album. They
played older songs such as
“Come On" and “Picking Up the
Pieces" and several tunes from
then soon to be released album.

Speaking to one of the Poet)
members later. i learned that
Poco‘s lll‘w album (to be out
next month! will concentrate
more on the rock aspect of their

,music. aritl will lll’ completely

different from their past albums.
“0 also said that the group's
music has changed
since Paul Cotton replaced
Jimmy Messina, ttiunhill ltoad
will be releasing their second
album in a few wr-cks‘ on Kama
Sutra records, their first. having

been released on Mercury).
Soon after their peaceful be-
ginning. the whole place took
off when Poco really began to
play. There was no doubt that
they enjoy playing as rhythm
guitarist-vocalist Richie Furay
and bassistvocalist Timothy
Schmidt bounced around the
stage propelled by each note.
George Grantham played great
drums and didn't miss a vocal
backup. Rusty Young's steel
guitar was in the background
more than in previous concerts.
This may be due to last year’s
replacement of Jim Mcssina by
Paul Cotton. Cotton is muc'

- iriﬁrﬂmb

0;;  is OKAY To SURE

r/T, BUT T0 , '
112%” TM!

style and

twat-Wit u’o‘r’ﬁﬁirﬁn or viii/if
you‘re now MR out Micro/MIND.
H

gt """"‘LET’5 SEE 7' E

WALLET1’;
it;

u .

, .
' .0" i..

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

more of a lead guitarist than was
Measina. Messina played more
rhythm and a few lead fill-ins
with Young doing most of the
lead work. Now, Cotton and
Young share more of the leads.

Poco won’t be in the area for a
while as their tour will take
them throughout the West coast.
They played for more than a year
almost. strictly in the East. Ac-
cording to drummer George

Grantham, this next four is de-
signed to rebuild Poco's popu-
larity out West. Grantham is just
likethemuslc Poco plays--happy,
friendly and out-going.

it was rather cold outside the
gym so Grantham excused him-
self and went to a waiting car.
And with that; an exciting
evening with Poco came to an
end. It truly was a hoedown and
I loved the way it felt.

rosenberg

scroc Hayes

So-

So

by Bill Brina

lsaac Hayes and his thirty-
piece orchestra appeared at the
Rl’l l-‘ieldhouse last Friday irite,
Isaac's appearance itself was a
bit overblown. after the obliga-
tory runvthrri of Sliafl by the
band.a generally obnoxrous M(‘
-recapitulated lsaac's career in
pure Las Vegas grease style. a
dancing girl appeared to hype
the audience (I‘m no dance critic
but she was pretty lame).
strobe-lights flickered. spotlights
danced. the orchestra trumpeted
fanfares. and finally. the iriaii
himself appeared hooded Ill an
enormous robe (which was re~
iiiovcd Willi even more pomp
illltl cciciiion).t .rird clothed iii

chains and velvci‘

llrat kind rrl a buildup places
illl L'llilllllllllb Silillll llll lllL' pL'h
former to deliver excitement on
air r'iu'ipy lcwl rrrririricnsuirilc
\\itlr llrc h'rr'l ril lllt' Illllllllllr
lllill .rrrrl l\ilr|r.' irisl torilrlir i do
it ll.|_\t'\ does have .r iit'cp
pleasaiil. and lllt'ltltllt‘ (thoriin
not Vt‘l\’ strong) voice. .i trilll
intruding mariner, aird a [lit]-
rough command of his art and
his riiiisic In a less demanding
context. ire can prch spell-
binding, but in the atmosphere
of artificial hysteria that he's

surrounded himself wrtlr his sub-
stance wears morc than a hit
thin. The Black Moses. l'irr
afraid. he is not. and the ponder-
orrs manner in which he now
performs his own music rs fast
transforming what was once a
considerable talent into a Black
Sominex.

What Mr. Hayes had not done
to his music the RH l‘ieldliouse
stage did. The stage is a recessed
box open only to the audience
and walled with reflective Iilc.
making ll an impressive natural
megaphone. Put it llilllyvplt‘ct.’
orchestra Wllll microphones.
pickups. and trirrplificr» tor the
electric insiiurncrrrs liitrr i|r.rr
kind ol ll iircgaphoirr- .rnd _\ori
have it perfect [CL’IIIt‘ Ioi thr-
kind of dull. iorrrirnr iltllll‘viltrli
sludge the audience got ls.i.it\
sound system is one of lllt' lrt'l
tcr ones and Irissoiiiid iri.rir Iiu-rl
iriiglrtily bill that niagr: \\.I
luriirr 'rl

hopeless. the \litllltl

.rirrririp tlrc "iirr-pzipirrrru- .rrrri
lciikcd ltllrr .r|| ol llii rlill.\~
creating tlriros Ilic wirirrl crrpr
iicci rctrrriiiirciidcd riirri “Ctllll
crri that Rl’l lItiL‘ llzr' nails oi
the stage wrtli llcth) rll.l|)t'\ oi
curtains and carpets it:' than
Until that is done. any large
ensemble in there is going to

sound inferior

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1972

 

 

Students, City Clash Over Housin
City Hall Parley Set Today

 

 

em

Corning Clarifies City Policies

by Ed Deady
City Hall Correspondent

Once again, the issue of stu—
dent evictions from off-campus
apartments dominated the dis-
cussion at yesterday’s news con-
ference held by Albany mayor
Erastus Corning. Fielding ques-
tions from local television, radio
and press reporters. the mayor
attempted to clarify the reasons
behind the city crack-down on
landlords who are violating city
zoning ordinances by renting
one and two family apartments
to two or more unrelated stu-
dents.

'l'he mayor stated that a num-
ber of. neighborhood groups
(Manning Boulevard residents
were speciﬁcally mentioned) had
lodged complaints with his of-
fice. The complaints centered
around the issue of absentee
landlords who had rented their
apartments to numerous
students who were accused by
the residence groups of causing
loud disturbances. 'I'he neigh-
borhood groups also complained
of ulleged student abuse of
parking facilities and student
involvement in the creation of
public eyesorear-auch as scat-
tered trash-around uppartmcnt
sites.

If the neighborhoods from
which these complaints origi—
nated were zoned for multi-
family dwellings, there would
not be legal grounds for the city
to take such strong action
against the landlords. But the
areas involved are not zoned for
rruch purposes; they are zoned
only {or multi~l'amily structures.
Therefore, not more than two
families may live under the same

roof and no boarding-house type
facilities may operate in these
areas.

The landlords, as permanent
residents and taxpapers of the
city are responsible for knowing
the zoning laws (which were
revised as recently as 1968) and.
according to the prevalent view
from City Hall, the ofﬁcials may
hold them liable for any viola-
tions of the zoning ordinances.

F orewamed

The mayor also stressed the
fact that die landlords involved
had been warned as recently as
last March that they must com-
ply with zoning laws but despite
the warnings, most of them
continued to rent apartments to
unrelated people, creating the
illegal resident-border situation.

Corning claimed as he did last
week. that all area colleges and
universities had been contacted
air early as last spring and told to
inform their students of the im-
pending city crackdown. it was
hoped this would give returning
students adequate time to find
housing facilities in areas zoned
for multi-family living.

The mayor went on to state
that it waa not the city's inten'
tiuri to human utudenta by using
these ordinances. In Cornirig's
view, it in the city's obligation trr

enforce the laws as they appear
on record. He also stated that
city courts would probably
sympathize with students faced
with eviction and would insure
them adequate time to find
apartments in properly zoned
facilities. This wouid prevent
landlords from giving tenants
unreasonable eviction deadlines
to meet.

When asked if he felt the
zoning ordinances would have to
be revised to reﬂect the growth
of the city, the mayor responded
by saying that the population of
the city had not increased in the
par-rt few years--in fact, it had
decreased~ and therefore he
could not. presently see any need
for a change in the city ordir
nances.

Legislative Investigation

One other major issue was
covered at the news conference:
the upcoming state legislative
committee investigation of
Albany County and city
governmerés‘ practices. The
mayor waWasked if he would
testify at hearings the committee
will conduct and he stated that
it' asked, he would appear.
However, he said he did feel
there might be political motives
behind the timing of the inves
tigation through news accounts
in the Timer-Union and did not
know why the investigatOry
committee picked the city of
Albany aii the starting point of
die probe.

VON-IX. "A University a! New York «My new 3, 1372'

9K

dwudl

Students Map Plans

Student reaction to the city ’8 enforcement of the residence codes
has been quick and decisive.

A large gathering of people concerned with the evictions problems
met Wednesday night in LG] to organize a “basis on which to fight
the city." Some of the students at the meeting had reportedly
received telephone calls from their landlords, saying that they may
soon be evicted.

Meanwhile a group of student government officials prepared to
meet with Mayor Corning at ten o’clock this morning to discuss the
entire issue and search for possible solutions.

“What we hope to do is open some lines of communication with
the city administration," explained Central Council Chairman Ken
Stokem. who is one of those attending. “Our attitude is not going to
be a hostile one.”

Another participant. Student Association President Mike Lampert,
plans to follow up his personal letter to the mayor with a verbal
discussion outlining the potential economic loss to the city if the
crackdown is successful.

"l intend to express to him my concern over the fact that students
are the ones who will suffer if this crackdown in actually carried
out," Lampert explained last night. “But I will also outline the
potential economic consequences to the city of the proposed
actions."

Lampert will be accompanied not only by Stokem but also by
Central Council Vice-Chairman Pat Curran, Student Association Vice
President Eric Jose, Student Affairs Chairman Steve Gerber. Council
member Eric Lonschein and a representative of the campus media.

Wednesday’s meeting was organized and conducted by Barbara
Tytell and David Saffan. who cleared up some of the rumors
concerning the present situation.

Tytell opened the meeting by explaining that certain neighborhood
assoc. actions. particularly in the Manning Boulevard vicinity, had
petitioned the City of Albany to evict students from houaed in the
neighborhoods. Authority for such action stem from a city statute
prohibiting more than two unrelated people from living in one
single‘family dwelling.

Some students at the meeting expressed the feeling that this
“ancient” law had been dug out of the books by peeved Albanians
to be used as a weapon against them. Other students at the meeting
claimed that this was not the case, since the law had been raised in
1968, and has been enforced since then though not as stringently as
this year.

Still other students thought that these citizen groups were reacting
primarily to ‘noisy student households. and the “inﬂuence of
bearded, hairy hippies" might have up the neighborhood children.

The possibility of testing the unconstitutionality of the housing
ordinance was also discussed. Steve Gerber, a commuter and
chairman of the University Senate's Student Affairs Council told the
gathering that legal actimr against the city cannot be taken until a
student is actually served an eviction notice—which has apparently
not happened yet. I

The newly formed Student-r Tenantir' Union may ask the Student
Association for ﬁnancial assistance to pay a lawyer to take the case
to court, but Gerber cautioned that the SUNY Board of Trustees
prohibits the use of student tax money for political purposes. “We're
not political!" shouted someone in the audience, but Gerber riaid he
jurrt wanted people to know that there could be problems.
continued on page 2

 

