 

 

use >1

,w‘..:li»:u-=‘:L .gi‘ssrkmm

 

I Where are we now?

 

The State of

Where are we headed?

Dr. Arthur Collins:

I would like to hear your views on where the
university is going. Two years ago this university
was a very different place both academically and
politically. For so long this university was on the
rise—we were to become a major center in the
country for higher education—and these dreams
seem to be unrealistic now; they have stagnated.
Could you outline how you have seen the university
change over the past few years?

What we have seen is the cutting off of funds for
things people wanted to do, but that doesn’t
necessarily mean that we haven't achieved the kinds
of things we were aiming for.

For example, it does seem to me that it Would be
hard to deny the significance, both nationally and
internationally,. of what our astronomy department
does, or importance of the research carried on. We
are not talking about the reputation of the teacher
in the classroom so much as the publication of
research, and the association of certain names with
kinds of advances, so it seems to me we have a
distinction there already, between the job of
education as we see it in the classroom, and the job
of the university as we see it in producing research
that attracts worldwide attention.

So we have produced the research?

I think we are producing it and will continue to
produce it because we have not been cut so severely
and much of what we are doing is the result of
external funding. It will go on, I'm sure.

You mentioned how research has not been affected
by cutbacks, but how about actual classroom
teaching? Are we achieving a national reputation in
this field?

Well, I wonder how many national reputations for
teaching we can point to, not just on this campus,
but anywere. For example, who do you think of as
a great university teacher of today? There are few.
I’m not. sure those reputations are made until a man
has achieved the stature of legend.

This goes to the old question of the use made of
teaching assistants. The protests have been
associated with the overuse of graduate assistants.
But I think that it may not be just their being
graduate assistants. People are attracted to a place
like Berker by the names of people under whom
they found it. impossible to study. This might
happen, conceivably, here. I don’t think it is
happening to any large extent on this campus, but
students would know this better than I do.

What we do know is that we have a great many
classes in which it is next to impossible to get
enrolled because they are oversized. Perhaps we
need a different kind of staffing than what we have
had in the past. I feel that we can, however, work
within the present budget restraints by readjusting
allocations in a whole division.

Let me put it another way; a reputation of
excellence in education depends on achieving an
excellence in learning.

Exactly what do you mean by that?

When I think of excellence in teaching, I think of a
student opening his arms, saying “Prove that, you
are an excellent teacher." Well, the proof that you
are an excellent teacher is that people will learn a
lot if you are.

Of course, a lot can be done to improve teaching.
there is a lot of technology that we don't use. This
doesn't mean that we must use the new
technology—hut technology is a tool. Maybe the
money situation has a bearing here. We don't use in
some departments the equiptmcnt available—devices
that could change the nature of the learning
involved.

We should sit down and ask ourselves how a
particular subject can best be taught. Is it a question
of group learning or individual learning? It may be
that there are some things that could be handled
through technology and on an auto-tutorial basis.
Why attempt to teach in a formalized classroom
those things that are best learned at the individual‘s
own rate?

There has recently been some conccrn that the
latest budget cutbacks may forcc the university to
become a "large college" rather than a university
center. Do you feel that there in any danger of that
happening here?

Well, people are not distinguishing adequately
between what a university is and what a college is. Is
a university just a collage that has grown larger, or is
it something different? There are collegiatc valuar
that are clearly different from university values. I
think this is probably the biggest problem, as i see

it, that we face as a University Center, and we face
it because it is part of the general philosophy of
higher education throughout the country. .

A University center is bound to have some king of
crisis of identification very soon because we have
been expanding the two year colleges, and givmg
them particular set of goals, and have expanded the
population going to college. At the same time we
have moved in the direction of open admissions, and
that the proper attitude on the part of the teacher is
to take the student from where he is at and bring
him as far as he can take him. That kind of attitude
represents a shift from another attitude that said,
“When you have reached a certain level you may
come into my class and then you will profit form
me, and if you can profit from me, you will pass on
and go to another level of education." We‘ve turned
from that kind of attitude, which is certainly the
one which has grown, and is the one which
democratizes education, and makes the learning
experience possible for many more people.

In the graduate schools, however, the competition
has become something of a hassle for people for the
first time in a generation. This is the first generation
since World War II that‘s really having problems
getting into graduate school, because the graduate
schools are cutting back in admissions because they
have been told they are overproducing people with
higher degrees.

Can we possibly, then, have an oversupply of these
kind of people, who have been “awarded the
highest" kind of academic certification?

If you get concerned from the labor union point of
view, that we have to find jobs for everybody, then
you look at the problem one way, and say “the
answer for this is to restrict the number of students
taken in. Now, it would seem to me that there is
another way of looking at this. We must ask if there
is a limit, a ﬁnite number of people, who are
needed.

We have demands in society that are not being met
by the people who are being produced by the
graduate programs because they are not necessarily
the kinds of programs that are called for. Most new
doctoral programs tend to duplicate existing

 

   

doctoral programs. It's very hard to get new ones
that is, ones with genuine innovations, started. ‘
A single example will make that (1 .ar. We promith
do not have a graduate‘program in envil'onmcnlill
studies and we’re even having difficulty ul'lllug
undergraduate programs. In the nu‘nnlinw,
environmental studies is already an “C(‘lllllpllklll'fl
fact in the secondary schools.

I guess what I was going to say is that 15",. ,, mm
of identity for the university as a University Him-r,
because the two year of four year Collr‘gos m.
moving in the direction of open admissions wnh n
particular philosophy of education. At lhc Uppmm-
end of this “tramline,” coming out from Ilu-
University are the certified Ph.D.‘s who huvc lull-n

trained to deal mostly with people who can :lll'r~.nl\
follow them, and they‘re not placing munch
emphasis upon the kind of orientation to lmm rim:

will enable them to work effectively if thcy ll.I'.r- in
go back to the two year colleges and arc ltll(l "no-.i
take the student from where he is and bring lllll‘. up
to you. Don’t slam the door in his tow and ‘.l\'
“he's not ready for you yet‘." There's a (‘l:l:.l\ Ila-w

A University center has an Ilnfll'rul'mllmll‘
population and a graduate population and Iln- . I..\Ii
between the two that is occurring in our sm'n-H ii
large is bound to be reflected on our campm .iml
that’s why I feel we are having a crisis of llll‘llllH
Getting back to this large college l‘t'l‘wh
University Center dichotomy, it has been said that .v
University Center interacts with the cmnmnnm
more than just a college does. We've ht'ut‘tf o {HI
about how this university is isolated bt'cvusi' Hf
architectural factors—particularly the [)t’rtllll'lrr
road—and that there is very little interim/mu
between what goes on inside the perimeter rout! tlIllf
what goes on outside it. Do you feel that tho
university is overly isolated, and ifso, why? Arr it's
more isolated than other State University (‘cnh-n'
Oh, I doubt very much that it's more isolated. You
have to remember that we’ve got two things going
here. There’s a physical isolation, which is normal
for any kind of operation, and...

Yes, but aren't there some universities, NYI' for

 

PAGE 10

 

 

 

 

w

APRIL 28, 1972

State

example, that are scattered throughout a city, and
are therefore more integrated with the community?

I wonder whether that kind of scattering through
the community really means that NYU has any
more interaction with the community than we have,
because if you want to buy something in this
community, most of the time you have to go off
campus, and if you're going to make a trip you have
to go through the community, and I‘m not sure an
NYU student has any more interaction with the
community than someone who lives down on the
old campus or on an apartment on Hudson Avenue,
walks to the old campus, and takes a bus to the
uptwon campus.

Of course, but it does seem that there are a large
number of undergraduates who spend all their time
right within this perimeter road.

that of coursa is not really anything new. Colleges
used to Seek isolation—they were almost retreats
from the rest of society. They physical isolation is
normal enough. In a small college i would bi.-
easier to be isolated.

It seems that when this university was conccivcd it
was supposed to have a major impact on Albany,
and it seems that this was perhaps ouercxaggcralcd.

Originally, of course, it was only planned for
10,000 students—mad we‘re well over tha. And in
other terms I wonder whether or not we forget what
this impact on the community really amounts to.
For instance, the impact of the university on the
community was always clear enough through the
teaching program because to produce teachers is
clearly to have an impact on the whole society.
What kind of impact is it then, that we are talking
about? Probably it is the kind of utilization of the
community itself as a learning environment. There
isn‘t any place for a music student in this
community to interact in the way musicians interact
any finer than the performing arts center. So, the
Albany community can come to the performing arts
center and interacts here.

Thank you, Dr. Collins.

Vice-President Phillip Sirotliin

It seems that several years ago this was what was
termed a “university on the move." There was much
talk about expansion and building additions. But as
a result of the state fiscal crisis, there has been much
talk about retrenchment and consolidation. Do you
feel that this university is regressing, or do you feel
that we are moving ahead in spite of thc lack of new
funds?

Theanswer would be obvious from my point of
view. I think we are moving ahead, and even with
the very tight and restrictive budget situation we
have managed to make considerable progress, no
where near as extensive as we would like, however,
and certainly not to the extent or depth that. we
would like. One example is the new accelerated
degree program. With the assistance of outsidc
sources, we have set up a new program, and I think
that during many of the discussions l've had with
the deans, I've reiterated that even though we may
have to cut back in somc areas, the univorsily could
not afford to stand still.

As you Well know, We have not always agreed with
the ASP on the problems made in the cstublishmcnl
of environmental studies, and I think that some of
the students may think that the ASP has not
reported this altogether accurately, but i think
rather significant progrclui has lmcn madc in that
area despite budge restraints.

What about esprit dc corps. [in you [cal Ihat ll has
been dunmgcd? [)0 you fch that thc butlch cuts.
for c.\'omplc, hum' scriously u/‘l‘cctcd udivanccd
rcscarch.’

I don’t feel it is possible to gcnul‘ullzv. It is vcry
difficult for me to say that [how has bccn no
impairment in morale.

I feel that, without a doubt, many of us come hero,
myself included, with the expectation that it was a
“straight line upward" in terms of grwoth and
development. Wc havo bccn (llsxnppointcd; thcrc‘s
no doubt about it.

Now, if you wcrc in say l'm tiissappointcd and
frustrated and lhat that ndvvmcly affects my
morale, sure, Lin-n lIlUrilll' is mlvvrscly affected. i
think that sonic pcoplc, lIUWl‘Vl‘I‘, cun lulu-
disspointmcnl. ln-Llier than othcm can and still
progress ruthcr significantly.

 

The end of the academic year fast approaches, and
the time for us to take stock of our
accomplishments, think about the pr'eunt, and
discuss the future of the university.

In this issue of the Ashes present conversations
with Dr. Arthur Collins, who has been working to
develop the new Doctor of Arts program, and Philip
Sirotkin, Vice-President for Academic Affairs.

The conversations have been edited due to space

 

 

and other technical factors.

 

 

 

Being a little more specific, do you feel that there
is much danger ofa faculty member leaving because
he doesn‘t feel that Albany State has the resources
necessary in order to pursue advanced studies?

I would hope that people of great quality would
not do this, and I think to a considerable extent this
has not happened—we are not losing outstanding
people because of the budget cutbacks. The primary
reason for this is that this is happening nationally.
there are very few places to go—if you go into other
State systems—California, Illinois, Michigan—they‘re
all experiencing the same fiscal crisis we are. And
they're gaving the same problems in the private
institutions—Columbia, Harvard, even Johns
Hopkins has a $5 million deficit in one year, and
NYU has one of $10 million. So, you see, if we were
singular, if were an island and this was happening
only here, then I think the point you‘re making
about an exodus of quality staff might occur, but I
don't think it is. As a matter of fact, I think you'll
ﬁnd that we have more quality applications for
positions here than ever before.

And I think we might look at something just as
important: The quality of our students has been
increasingly consistently and steadily, and I feel that
the quality of the faculty has likewise been
increasing. We have more high quality faculty now
than we have ever had before.

So you do think that there is more of a challenge
for the students?

Oh, I think so, and I think this is another factor
attracting quality faculty: the quality of the student
body.

And I think some of the very difficult problan
We've had in promotion and tenure, which l'm sure
you‘re aware of this year, in part, I think, is more
than a result of the fiscal crisis. it has been part of a
conscious effort. to upgrade the quality of the
faculty. The University Council, the Deans, and thc
Departments have applch more rigorous standards.
('ould you comment on the rcccnt report on
ll'lusicr's chrci's, which showed that some of the
slulc four-year colleges had definitely in error
masters degree programs?

1 think our report. card on this is pretty good—us
far as I can tell. I think the quality of our master's
program compares very favorable with most private
trimmings I think there‘s room for improvement,
ycs, but by and large. it's a program of high quality,
and it's increasing in quality rather than (ll-creasing.
l’rcsulcnl Bum-ch rcccntly mode a statement to the
general i'ffct‘l l/Iul there is sonic danger of lhi‘
Univcrsity Cantor evolving into simply a “large
collcgc, " He drew a distinction between the two. Do
you scc uny ilungcr of this occurring hcrc’

i think thcrc's always a possibility, but i do not
bclicvu it is a probability. 1 milkc a distinction
bclwacn thc two, and the reason why is i still
belich that the State of New York has mudc u
commitman to provide high quality education to
its citizens. There are only four university ccntcrs,
and for thc sizc of tho state, this is not very large
when you compare it to California.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I photos by nary dautsctl

I think the regionalism concept is important here.
If regionalism is narrowly construed and applied,
namely that the students at each university are
restricted largely to this locality then we have a
narrow university. I think it's one of our strengths
that we draw from a large region. We have many
downstate students, which is a sign of strength.

Do you see what may be termed an
“anti-intellectual" trend developing, perhaps in the
legislature, and even among the citizens of the state
in regard to education? We have seen many school
budgets get voted down as the fiscal crunch
becomes more evident. Is there a resurgence of
anii-inlcllcctualism such as we experienced during
the McCarthy years?

ldon't know; I don‘t think we’ve gone back to that
period. I do think there are elements in the
legislature which might be called anti-intellectual,
but I don't feel, personally, that these elements are
dominant. Again, there's always the possibility that
within the society and the legislature some of the
more vociferous anti-intellectuals seem to be
(lisporportionate, and of course, the same thing
happens in the student body. A few very articulate
students might be assumed by both the university
and the society as a whole to be representative of
student opinion, and I think, as I recall when
reading the last issue of the ASP, a student pointed
this out, with regard to some of the reporting on the
peace strike.

One can go a very distorted view. There‘s a very
large inarticulate sector of students which is just as
important, and in some respects more important,
and I think an enterprising person would try to find
out what that sentiment is. And I think this is true
for the legislature, too. Many of those who are
sympathetic of and Support higher education just
aren’t as vociferous. If you read some of the
comments on the recent mandatory tax debate,
there are several legislators who are very supportive
of higher education, and who are very supportive of
dissent within the university. On the whole, this
kind of view is not ven comparable weight. So I
would say “sure,” there are elements in the society
and legislature, but I am not convinced that they are
the dominant view.

Concerning the art department, the Art Council
has recently been complaining of alleged funding
discrimination [or their department, and they
threaten to close down the department because ofa
lack of funds. Could you comment on the prospects
for the art department receiving additional funds?

Let's face it, I don't know of any program in the
university that isn‘t hurting and I say “hurting” ina
sense of attaining and ahving available to it all the
resources it needs to do the kind ofjob the students
and faculty in that program feel should and
could he. done. There's _ ,no question about it.
The problem you get into is that you gave to
allocate scarce resources. It‘s easy to be an admin-
istrator when funds are plentiful, but the real test is
what do you do with the art department, but I
think that the art program will have to compete
with other needs in that division and that college.

It has been said that a University Center closely
intcracts with the outside community. There are
many pcoplc who have been saying, howcvcr, that
Albany State does not interact with the surrounding
community as much as ulht'r Universities. The
problem scents to fH' the perimeter road, and il
sccms to some people that it has created, in effect. a
wait around the University.

I don't feel that that's altogether true.l‘thinkif you
look at the arts, particularly the theatre, music, and
art programs, you'll find that it has served to
enhance the cultural opportunities of this area
considerable. It draws quite a few outside people.

And them are other programs that are, not-
publicized too much. The Teacher Program, and the
iii-lingual education program are examples. When we
have student teachers working in thc Schenectady
schools, this is u very important link with the
community.

Look at. all the people in the community service
program wc huvv. 'l'hcy'rc interacting with agencies
and this public.

l'm not saying we cnn'l or shouldn't do more in
terms of community service, but I would venture to
say that you probably don't lHIVU much-idea of the
number of programs that go on which brouk down
tho barriers botwcun "town and gown." i think that
there is increasingly a recognition .that- the
university is a valuable asset for the community.

 

PAGE ll

 

