 

 

 

3.
i ,r
i I.
. r

‘ i

-r

l

i

l

.li

 

 

 

8137 v

I

s PECTRUM
.
. i' Theater ‘

Performan Art- Center
The House of Bernarda Alba Fr|.. Sol.

8100

Stone College
Tire Real inspector Hound i-‘ri.. Sui. 8:00

Eighth Step Coffee House
Albany Theatre Project:

American Buffalo .811thch 8‘45

Movies

Tower East Cinema
Eyewitness . i5ri.. Hot. 7:30. ltrttilixi 7

Albany State Cinema
The l:llli\l Currlltr'i 711i“, |il,ilil Ll' |,‘.

International Film Group
Ktolrnr 17 in
lltlli’lll ilrr' \Nnrrl

 

 

 

  

. I , ‘
Students of SUNYA's Electronic Music Studio will per/arm an all-original experimental
concert entitled. “National Electronic Music Concert ii" on Tuesday. December 15. at 8

'p.m.. at the Lab Theater 0/ the PAC. In addition in the music there will be trisuals. Including

laser lights and slide show.’ Admission is free,

 

L’ Music

keen" "a" ‘ Troy‘ Music Hall

 

CD

9| lﬁl
top twenty

l ()rr'ltr'sirrrl Mnrwtrvrw. Arr‘lrilmtrnr '.iltl

Murrrlrty
Z llll's lir'pr'rt‘rrssrrrrt
'r .l (it-.ils l’mtrrl I'rr'r'm- I-‘rrrrrr'
’1 Still Cell "'I'rrittlr'rl Ionic“
fr rlilrlll .letl Il Hilt' lt'urlr rrrul lr'rrll
tr. Neil Young It’r-or'iur

 

Rum" “I ll”, lle l“ 'Snli Hlllll Albrrrtv Sylrrphrnru ()rclrcstrn Fri
Hellman
Runwminu In... H, The Palace Theatre . l I PM
Albinry Hyrrrplrnou (hr lll‘rllrl 1
Madison
“AWN/h Recital Hall | > 5U“,
llrrwurstty (.lirllilllt’l Surrrr in
,Third Street Theatre C C Ballroom
Irurrr Mm In Mr-mrt ‘| 'f i It” '_ Ht” hm]
l'nlril k\Ir'rtr Ill ('lurrn 'rr \nl lli!tr ', ‘I ‘\ l ""‘l l'" l”
Pnuly's llntel
Ill Hll'll'lli'llf l"'l”“"l"ll l\/1illll|r‘."[\lllll‘llv lll
H illii'l lil‘vli "’llrtult-h’rrrlnriinn/r" H, W“, ,1? (“H
‘l llrt' \Virtiir'ssr's "I ‘litrsirrnr‘. llllriﬂ/Ii'tit‘ l), rc,.,,,{,,.,,,,,,1g-,,. M (It)
ill ilrrulnrrr llu' hurt m,.,rr,,,,]t.  \tttr
ll llrr' l'r till it (ilirrsl lit Ilrr' Miro lurrrr
ll' K lslr'rtimls "IIrttlrr'nI l‘rril “I Mr'“ J'“‘ scans V
l 'r (lillll Morn l-. l Itirrrri Irr tr Mum,- M- Itlllrllli will: i win, \\r‘~i
l'l ("'(""‘~ llt'tllill.‘tllllllllt'llt'til "NH" 'lil‘l""'l lll
l.'r l'lrr'(‘.rr~. ,g/HAVHHI, lirllillllliiiliitt‘l '5.”
Itr l‘nrslr l'r'lrrrs Ir’ritrrtls
l7 llr'rl llrn'lwri. ('rrrrilrtrrur Ir'r'rl Hogans. ,1
IH ,lruur {\r rrrrrttrrrlirrrr Wrillr llillll‘i l,rnlrlr'rs T'll'ml l'" l‘wl l H 5‘”
1o 's'V'l' "I lr'rtrt oi Show"
'2.” Hr llr’r' Hprnrtrstrtrrtr “.‘irrrrirr I 'Irrtrs ls Gemini ‘1‘”: can! S
(,‘unringi ’I’n 'I'rrrrvn " inimlr'llvrsr o lll ...rt

 

Hullp-Boloo
Chaser Fri.
Alice Star Sat.

Lurk Tnitern
Outlaw Beer Band Fri.. Sat.
Nick Brignola

Yesterday's
Lazers Fri. Sat

Eighth Step Coffee House
Contradance with Pat Rust Fri,

lerrlslrrrlr' t‘r‘sir’lr'trt I'Hrlrl li'trtirltrtr'ir will
he rit‘lttilii built In ins tritrls .lrillitirlrli' lilillr iri
rl Ii .Sr'ulls Ilr‘ll ln' llIlI'I‘llllilil rtr .‘tllil r’il
tl‘llltritil l/trr’mr

 

 
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This Week’s Answers
No Peeking!
t..._________

 

 
     
   
   
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

crossword

 

 

44 Large vehicles 12i‘lrrcc in Rossini
ACROSS 45 Tape recorder operrr
1 Grouchcs button 13 Le itnvrc hot
n forceful gush 47 Storage structure 14 Woodland deities
ll Antelope leather Ml High in pitch 19 Class of verte-
' 13 Water travelers 49 More regretful brutes
if: Regret Si Tenth wedding 22 illegal businesses
16 Large global region anniversary ?4 list-tire and Crosby,
17 Poisonous snake ‘3? food expert 0.5].
in former french 54 food 26 fut of meat
kingdom 56 On the way (2 win.) Eli i'ilR's mother
20 ltrr- ----- focnsivc 57 Agents of rctri— ot a}. '
‘ .7‘. "A —— rs Born" button 30 Part of lGit
23 lndur‘es ‘Jil Vunt‘ directions 31 lsrrrrli tr'iiu
24 Nertt b'l lorn plrrcok 33 t-tcr‘ctrrrrrry of '76
?5 ‘anc Story" author 34 iicstrry
27 Pr‘r‘tnit .l‘.r Morin inilll‘t'.l
Ell Relish DOWN .ltr inlrtoiriu city
2” Si'l‘lilks hack 1 Actor — Morris (1/ Hum
ill l":y-.icinn of old. I’ Wild outtrrruri li‘. Mont llriL‘llll’l/r‘tl
rlilll fonrily .l lovc: irtt. l‘i Errrlty rriodir int-i.
ii‘ lrurrl.lin's toy Ii "—< lrrrrr‘ 41 ii ld
" 3‘ 33 Rabbit - t lirrri fiber at l’roirilrrttorrl.
 ,ll‘l I'm-'I. bird (nl.) tr ilr'cotnr-s. “.irr llt'tl 4!) [lotion and tumor-
_ ' l/ ltrt-solirr- li‘rll'.lll’l"x 7 Eiiruvra oft' Ill’r lyprr of {llrlll‘llllrlll
it I. l: 41] lllllllri‘rllll'h it littrosn llriril‘ii iii irrriccont lrllli]lidlirr
. d = v Iii ir'titorroliluirit r'ntio ‘l tintan ht) ilrmr front
'0 N ,r )r _ (oblit‘.) ll) ititrtt’d loi‘ slzr‘ .‘u‘ furnish iil‘l‘llX in
N v u 1) (1): Nlnitr ; 5 47 Print] music nutter, ? wds.) ituiiit”,
EMU. .5 5 tili‘lN 3 l for short it Stupid 5'; i‘hrrrir-r nieces

 

( limit}, @@iil

White-inc student was at the police station,
several ~ officers directed anti-Semitic
‘and homophobic remarks toward
SUNY' students have been reported since
September. It is conceivable that many
more unreported incidents similar ro these
have taken place.

i am appalled and frightened at the
radiation that the very people in our com.
munity who have the authority to prctccr us
are often, in fact. our attackers. Poiicc
brutality did not go outwith the riots of thc
'60's — it exists here and now in Albany.

It is absolutely ncCcssar'y that cvcry stu-
dent new to Albany bccomc quickly aware
that hcr-his safety is threatened by the
Albany Police Department. it is just as im-
portant that the students work togcthcr
with the community to bring about a
change with the A.P.D. if such a change.
docs not occur. pcoplc cvcrywhcrc in
Albany arc in danger of having thcir rights
t'iolatcd.'not only by our attackers, but by
our “protectors” as well.

Thc incidents nicrrtioncd in this Icttcr
represent only a fraction of the goirrgmm
within thc Albany Policc Dcparlmcnt. il‘
you or anyone you know witncsscs or limits
of.rrny similar incident, plcasc rcport it to
the Affirmative Action Office or to lltt‘ Sur-
dcnl Association. if Ihcsc tlcpnrlrncuts
cun‘l hclp you, they will chI you who can. ll
is important that cvcryooc work rogcthcr
to rcslorc to Albany Icsidcnts their right to
saf'cty.

——Numc Withcld by Request
.—

Altiance Group Talks

To the EdllLor:

Each year chinist Allinncc sponsors
Consciousness Raising groups for its
members. Wc would Iikc to cxlcnd this irr-

 

Bill Goontrrcnd

l prcscttl this piccc with tlrc itopc than
those who don't know of WCDB will loot n
and that those who am awurc will gain mot c
rcalislic insights into thc workings and (tilt)
of WCDB.

We are a learning ground, playground.
and battleground for ciosc totwolurrrdrcd
students. cach involvcd itr onc or triorc
rtspccls ol‘ radio's rnuitil'rrcctcd cxpcricncc.
Thcsc volunlccrs urc tlrcrc to cnhnncculrc
Sctlpt.‘ of the usual collcgc education. Not
cvcryouc gcts on-tlrc-air; not cvcryorrc
Wisltcs to he on-tlrc-air. Thcy tnc all gaining
valuable experience on at lL‘nsl two crucial
lcvcls (etc you listening, slum): firstly,
thch exists the practical application of
talent to a realistic lusk; ils a journalist.
disc-jockey, cnginccr. promotional or ud-
ministralivc pcrsortncl; r'cal cxpcricncc cun-
itOI be underestimated, in this age of macro
and tnictothcorics, as a ncccssary ingrcdicnl
ofa well-rounded education. All too often.
students graduate with 3.75 cunts and a
fairytale view of Ihc working-world. A
writer must write. a spctrkcr must speak, a
manager must manage.

Secondly, the interrelationships nrnong
cit-workers can be difficult and, vcry frc-
huentiy. discouraging. Through their in-
volvement with 9IFM, station nicmbcr's
learn to work through these conflicts. This
occurs for two reasons which cxist within
any highly structured organimtion: to mcci
individual needs for achcivcmcnt, wirilc fur-
thcring the ideals of the organization as a
whole; often, it is virtually impossible to do
both at once. Thus, station members find
themselves making pcrsorutl sacrifices in the
form of missing a class, a dalc, or rest.
"you've ever bccn uskcd at ll p.rn. to bc
somcwircrc at 7 o’clock the ncxl morning.
you're aware of tirc dilcmmzr. Thc rewards
for these sacrifices rnusl bc brtnkcd—on and

. trusted. thn this fails -— us'rt sorrrctirncs

(1005 —- l have failed in my job. As (.icncral

Manager. I do not wtrrri WCDB to exploit

its volunteers. 0n the contrury, i hope that

they‘ll gain cxpcricncc and the Icwaillh

 

WCDB Airs Its Views

month

vitrrtion to all women on campus - so we.
along with Middle Earth, will be sponsoring
Consciousness Raising groups to the wider
women's community on campus next
temcstcr (Spring '82).

There are three major goals of CR. "Ric
(LR. group works to bring women
together. to share with each other the things
we have» experienced as women. ,

We encourage women to consider joining
a Consciousness Raising group. ‘0 please
topk for our ads ncxt scmcstcr in t.rc ASP,
cpnlact‘ Feminist Alliancc. or call Middic

V Earth.
—Murlu Altumore

Name That Name
To llle lrdltor: ‘ r —

As president of State Quad Board. and
alternate for the team rcsprcscnting
SUNYA at the College Bowl regionals. i
was appalled at the article written by Ms.
Eiscnberg concerning College Bowl.

Ms. Eiscnhcrg did not have the dcccncy
to credit Robctt Giickmrrn, Junrcs
DcCthiro, Ting Kwok. and (irrry Spit/ct
who wcrrt undciczttcd to thc honor of
rcprcscntittg SUNYA nl Collcgc ilowl.

Do you trot think that lhcy dcscr'vc at
lcrisl some Iccognilion for thcirutbiiily to
“actually know sonic of thc rrrorc obscutc
ariswcrs rcquitcd?"

This will bc SUNYA's first ycrn of
Icptcscnttrlion, and wc Him to do Ihc bcsl
we possibly can to sliinc for SUNYA. it is
us who will bc spcndilrg it good portion of
thc vrrcution prcprtring for Ihc r'cgionals not
for on all cxpcnsc paid trip to ilinghntntou.
but bccuusc wc look til it as n irorror to do
.stt.

——Ann Muric LuPtrrIu

Ihctcoi’,

it is for Ihcsc Icztsons lllttl WCDli 9li-‘M
is it cnllcgc radio slzrliorr. No onc is cspccicd
In pct form prol‘csxionttlly ltlt) pcrccrrt ol'tlrc
Iirnc —— intlccd, no ooc docs! th, Ihc orcr—
wlrclming majority oI our stuff cxcrls l()()
pcrccni ol' tltcir ctrcrgy on thc job ~ ihcy
arc tlicrc lit‘cutlsc tlrcy warm to bc them:
Thus. whilc spccch puilcttrs ncctl ilnprot'c-
mcrrt rind scgucs cam oi'tcn bc tightcr, tlrcrc
is an ctrcrgy in our IiIIIc l0 watt. nou-
cornmcl'ciul radio stution that transcends
any ordinary job. That energy is
exhibited in our pussionttlc scotch for new
and exciting music turd by our upbczrl news
and sports programming.

in addition, promotional events and un-
nounccmcnts tcnd to bc crcaiivc and fun.
Right now, for cxarnplc. you can win a night
on Ihc town as Prince or Princess Charming
by simply wcaring a WCDB button, hcirtg
spotted, and witrrring the grand drawing at
ihc RcCord CtHlp on Wednesday. So. ifso-
mconc offers you a WCDB btrtlon. wcar if
wcll: we‘re not out to makc a buck off of
you. we just aim to plcasc.

When you trrnc in to 9IFM. you will be
pleased. You will become an integral part of
thc collcgc radio experience. which has
always enjoyed an active, participatory
listcncrship. Our present 10 watt status may
pose some reception difficulties — you have
to want to hear us to do so. if you have
trouble tuninu us in. try a little fine tuning
or moving your receiver or antenna. Wc'rt
confident that, by mid-Spring 1982. 9IFM
will be broadcasting at [00 watts — that will
clirnirratc virtually all local rcccption in-
‘Icrfcrcncc. Be it jun, rock, or the city
rhythms of frrrrk. sports or ncws, you can
built it on 9li'1M and we hope you do.

We hope you choose to broaden your
mcdizr world. Right now, you may bc learn
ing a good dcttl about cornrncrciul ttdvcr-
tiscnrcnts —— \vc inviic you to lcarn, along
witlt orrrsclvcs. about the dynrrrnic, cym—
stimulating world of college I'il(ll0 on
9ll7M. For WCDB, Illis has been llill

the in or

  
 
 

l entered the ﬂuorescent-lit hallway leading to the ofﬁces of The Albany-Stu-
dent Press and was greeted by a short, energetic fellow. This guy was the manag-
ing editor and his job included hiring and ﬁring and every ambiguous task that
wasn’t done by someone else. '

He had called the earlier that evening to offer me a job in the production
department which I accepted immediately. He put his arm on my shoulder and
ushered me from room to room to show me the operations of the ASP. At the
conclusion of the tour and description of my new job he told me to start work
that Thursday night. ‘

Crap. That meant i couldn't go to see Steve Forbert at Page Hall. But this
was an opportunity to do something interesting and creative. As i turned to
leave. the managing editor stopped and, in a half kidding voice, looked at me
and said, “Hey guy, you work at the ASP now. Defend its name with your
life." i turned and walked out with a chuckle.

What a pompous idiot that guy was. i thought to myself. But I look back
now, two and a half years later, and i see how easily the comment, although sar-
castic. became not just an attitude but a philosophy as well.

i constantly ask myself if it’s possible to separate business and personal feel-
ings. i doubt it. Can you picture a corporate boss calling an employee into
his/her office? “Sit down," this overstuffed bureaucrat says. “Please don't
take this personally. but your work stinks and l'm firing you." To this the
employee responds, “Thanks for your honesty and i think you’re a swell guy."
Not even in Hollywood could this happen.

Pcoplc constantly wander over to me at parties and make stupid, unfounded
comments about the ASP. Maybe i shouldn't be so defensive but i just can't
help it. The people who work at the ASP bust their hump, many of them pulling
two all-nighters a week for little monetary gain. Their only satisfaction is seeing
the printed issue and flipping through it with a sense of accomplishment.

So many people go through college never learning anything. They memorize
trivial facts just to spill them all over a blue book for a grade. Have they really
learned anything? Perhaps, but i musn't sit in judgment.

1 love you ASP — everything about you and every person that works there.
You've taught me a lifetime of lessons and the only thing i worry about as i
depart is becoming stagnant. But 1’" read you twice a week and remain inform-
cd — i know you'll never let me down.

And now, two and one-half years later, i wander down that same ﬂuorescent-
lit hallway and my heart aches — like a father watching his child leave home to
be on his/her own. But i leave with no reservations, for although some faces
have changed the same talented and dedicated kind of people remain and in

.many ways i will be leaving a large part of myself herc.

 6 E giggw

Thank

 

I and Evontn Editor. Bet-y Clmplli. lodl-c IM anlw Editor: Marlo (inranan r

lllllno mount-nu . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hody Brodor. Judy B. Barrio, Karon Horde" »

Payroll Supuvlw . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . Mono Kallqu ‘

chulllod New! .. September Klein |
I Competition Inn-got . . . . . .

i con-r Typautur . . . . . . , . .
i Vlrllcnl Cum . . . . . . .

é

ant/Mt Med/line "1W 

Elllblllllld In 1916

 

Robert E. Grubnrnn, Editor In Chlai
Ellvan A. uranium. D In Ball, Managing Editors
Rob Edrlntoln, Sen/a! Etﬂlar

  
 
   
  
 
      

 

  
  
  

Now- Edilor . . . . . . . . . . r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Sunan Mitilusn
Allocinlo Nowl Edllo . Judlo Elsanbeig. Wayne Peers :cnm
ASPIclI Editon . . . . . . . . . ..Andraw Carroll. Joanne Wolner
Auocllll ASPoctI Edllo Michael Branden
Sound Editor . . . . . . . . . .. . Ray Caligluro
Vlllon Editor. . . erk Router
Sparta Edllnr  .. . . . . . .. Larry Kuhn i
Anoclllt Sports Editorl . Marc anei. Mlchnol Carmen ‘
Edllorlll Plan Edllor.. .... Frank J. Gil, Jr.
Copy Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bruce J. Llcbar

Edltnrl-I Alli-tunic: Beth Btlnur. Bruce J. Levy. Lin Mir-belle. How-rd Poll-ck, Bull writer-z Bob Ballltlora.
David Brooks. Kan cantor, Sharon Colo. H-yu Dlnlky, Hubert-Kenneth Dickey, Mlchut Dinowltz. Jlm Dixon.
Bltl Fischer. Mark Flschaltl. Mark Gunner. Rant Gin-born. Ken Gordon, Stave Bonn“. Mark Hammond. Dobbin
Judge, Kathy Kiss-no, Eric Kotl, Culg erlll, John Mann, Madeline Pneucol. Steven Popper. Bylle Snundorl.
Barbara Schindler, Mutt BClWllrt, Bath Bun, Suun Bmllh. Joules Tramway. Janina Whlloboolt. Ipootrurn

Milo Hanna. Bllllnlll Manny"
Junt Mtuu. Amnlrlng All gar
David Neill leko. Sal-l Mun

  

  
 

 

Mum lulu: Steven Golden. Mindy Bohulmn. John Trot-no, making PM W Bonn
Kept-n. Dianna lit-coll, Adv-llng rm: Michelle Horowitz. Marl Mondnllohn. Ellen Btllnlold, Molim
Wuurrnln, Otlloo stall: Jennifer Bloch, Ellen Emllln

Duo "amount. Production Mun-gar
David look. Anna/Ill Pmduallnrr Man-arr

 

. . . . . . . . . . . .. carol Bury
Ell-u Bock
Pulp-up: Dobbin Barnett, Jnnloo Klmmloh. Edln Lavtno, Ellun Marry. erytulo Murphy. Elizabeth Valentino,
, 'l‘yp II: Judy Amadol. Lynda Bonvonulo, Mary Burke, Maria almarlno. September Klein, Sully" Levine, Cathie
Ryan. Zerl atlhl ctuutlrur: Mutil- Nllnor .

   
 

l Photography, suppllod principally by Unlyullly Photo Survive

’ cut-t Photograph": Mun: Humans!

’ UPS Stall: Dave Asher. Atnn client, Cut chln, Shorty Cohan, Mlko Fuller, Bill Kruuan. Duva Mllhuon. Lol- Mal-
Iubonl, Buo Mindlch, M-rk Nldlar, Mutt Nelson. Burn Btulnkamp. Will Yurmln

The Albany Etudonl Wm ll published every fund-y Ind Friday during the school you by the Alblny student
Press Corporation, In independent not-lor-prollt carpal-lion. Editorl-Ia In written by the Editor In Chlol with
member: at the Editorial Bond; policy In cubical to review by in: Editorial Bond. Advertising policy does not
necessarily retlect editorial policy. ' .
Malling Address:
Alblny Student Press. CO 329 '
1400 Washington Ave.

 

 

Alb-try. NV 12222

   

 

Guodl'ricnd — havc it good day!

  
    

  
 

 

 

