 
    
     
  

 

 

 

I...» W .Nwwmg

r

 

 

II: iMiritnittm wagelswe ./ .
Contra/VCounc

 

As members of SA's Cential Councilwe
have;observed (and often participated in)
many heated debates on the minimum wage
issue. As aresult. we have become ,0verly
familiar with the arguments for. both sides.
Yes,_ASP feeders, despite what you may
have been led to believe,.there do exist valid
arguments foi both sides. We would like 'to'
take this opportunity to 'i)respond'to .loe‘
Ranni’s'ietter and the ASP editorial in the,
Dcc.,4th issue and 2)expiaih‘.s”ome of the
reasons behind the decision to’keep SA
salaries at $3.00 per hour. I I .

“Central Council has not taken un-

justifiable action, nor are we playing games .

With parliamentary procedure. We db not
heed a‘ third chaficc'io rectify our mistake.
lr‘ is ,clear that. .the majority h of Central
Council members do not feel an error has
been made. .

Before going onto clarifying the reason-
ing behind the decision (since it was not, as
suggested. ego nourishment) we would like
to address a basic problem in SA. We feel it

’is extremely unfortunate that certain people

are incapable ofscparating politics and per-
sonalities. Central Council votes on issues.
Members express 'opinions, or may even
argue‘furiously during debate. it is the
mature member however, who can later
lcaVe a meeting, with their debate oppo-
nent, as friends. We feel it was uncalled for
and in extremely poor taste to use the
phrase (even iigurativcly) “bury them
someplace where up one will find them"
simply because our trurnble opinion differs
from yourirunrble opinion.

As already meiuioncdhit was trot simply
the absence of consultation that led to Cen-
Lral Council's decision to rctttrn rates to
$3.00'pcr hour. The fact is, rates were sud-
;lcrhy increased .wirlrout justification, ex-
cept we fccl'this is the only rnorrrl rate to
any. ,

First ol'all. who is to decide what is moral

the Federal governtrtt‘ni'l‘Sinec when
have they been the dcfincrs of morality?
Secondly, if subrrrirrirrrtrrn wage is ininioral,
why wasn't rrrirrinrrrrn wage set during
budget setting meetings (or even mention—
ed), changed at the installation of new of-
ﬁcers, or changed at the beginnning of the
academic year? Surely the advocates of
minimum wage enforcement were aware of
the issues ar'thosc times. Why was there hir-
ing done at subminimum wage, if it is im-
moral"!

     

.- L—eeGuesln
Amy Add!!!“

. An argumentmrencitedrror' the wage in-
crease is that our. loophole of being exempt
from adherence to minimum wage was
enacted for those organizations that could
not afford to pay the established rate. The
argument goes on to say, since we have an
extremely large surplus and can not claim
lack of funds, we are therefore obligated to
pay minimum wage.

PirStly. it is quite possible that other
reasons exist for this special excnrption,
such as the innumerable personal benefits
of working at an on-campus student rclaied
position. There are also many people who
feel the positions should not be salaried at
all. More importantly, this surplus argu-
ment is simply not relevant. Central Coun-
cil is a body that represents students in
establishing policies, not one that merely
disperses funds. if we wanted to take the
undeniably moral approach, we ‘would give
a tax rebate, not give some extra money to
some chosen students. Of course this is irri-
practical; but the point is clear. Just
because there are extra ftrtrds available does
not justify otrr spending thctrr in a manner
which violates the established budget, or
one that has yet to be determined the op-
timum funding policy.

in the spring, a budget committee was

I formed to decide individual grotrp funding

for the l9Bi-l982 academic year. At that
time, each SA group submitted an itemiz-
ed budget which accounted for every dollar
being requested for the year‘s activities.
The only group excrupt from this procedure
was SA itself, tlttrs limiting the establish-
ment of guidelines for its hiring, paying
salaries, etc. . . This deficiency lcft leeway
for SA operations which is urrprrrallclcrI itt
other student groups. Should tlrcsc student
groups and their employees bc pcrrali/cd for
fully accounting for the dollars to he spent
(and people to be hired) at budget setting
meetings (when it was assumed that they
were to pay $3.00 per hour)? (irantcd, drtc
to better management this year, SA opera-
tions are more efficient, requiring fewer
employees and less total hours paid, which
makes more funds available. However,
rrpon submitting budgets, those groups
making proposals are to assume efficiency.
and receive funds based on that assumption
(allowing, in their case, no room for excess
funds). We believe that upon trying to rec-

    

iI States Its Case

tify one injustice (bringing SA salaries ‘up
from subminimum wage)-we are, in fact,
creating an even greater injustice — an
uneven pay scale for campus employees
who work similar jobs,‘but as it happens,
are employed by different SA groups.

The facr rs, we do presently have a

"rrplus large enough to sustain the 35¢ in»

crease, even when expanded to include all
hourly salaries (AMIA officials, WIRA of-
ficials, etc.). What happens in the future
when this surplus does not exist? Can SA

really consider readjusting the entire

budget, each time the Federal government
declares an increase?

Although $2000 (a relatiVely small
amount) has been quoted as the extra funds
required for the given pay raise, consider-
ing: other SA employees who should
rightfully be paid in line with those given
the increase; a full year's effects of a raise;
and likely future changes in the established

rate. we find the total to be significantly-

greatcr (approximately 59000). is it fair to
take away monies appropriated for SA
group activities, to satisfy these increases?
Should we raise student tax, each time a
raise takes effect? The funds must come
from somewhere. Where do the advocates
of minimum wage enforcement suggest that
is? Aside from the fact that a budget is set
for reasons of enforcement, not disregard,
who should he the ones to suffer for these
annual increases? We do not even attempt
to answer this question.

in conclusion, we would like to crit-
pllﬂSlIC the motivating force behind the
decision to write this column, It is impor-
tant to l'CtillIC that each council member
(just as each SUNYA student) is qrritc irr-
tclligerrt. We all fully understand the pros
and cons to each side of tlic issuc. We do
not claim a person is worthless for having
madca decision different from our own.
We rcalive it is all a matter of sctting otrt
own priorities.

Due to past experiences every person
places a different value on different factors.
Therefore orrr set of priorities takes a dif-
fetcttt order. A person slrorrld rtot be
critici/cd for his opinion. it is simply a
fttrtL'tion of his evaluation of the facts. As
long as he has taken the lime to fully corr-
sider the situation, his opinion should be
respected as his opinion. We trope that in

the frrtur'c more professionalism can be

brought into SA issues.

' . L’EAPrN'er st! too
me ha“ THEWA‘I "DA0'35?erppm-slipAT

‘LET THISMONEYTRICKLE
F0 H HOUSE
SOON lT

‘ RE DB‘EtA'liNG"
SGONNA ”

TRICKLE DOWN To eveaxous,
RIGHTSANDYP...

7/-
' 7

IA

 //
yéﬂ //‘

. “.7...”  mm mm.

 

 

 

 

im’awcmetpm g.

 

 

PerSOnals Problem

 

Tot e Editor:

i am finally annoyed to the point whcrcl
must say something. All semester t have
read'the personals, and l'vc discovered
something.

in cases where the personal is even
minutely sentimental, there invariany
follows some sort of comment. i find this
deplorable and extremely unnecessary.

i hope we will be seeing much less of this
sort of'tbing in the future.

——G. Reill '

Staff Approval

i want to take this opportunity to tip»
plaud those who hold positions on otrr strt~
dent paper. the ASP. Theirs is a virtually
thankless job which few realize and must
take for granted.

Many are quick to criticize a poor choice
of article or unclear editing. if only they
were as hasty to acknowledge that nrost oi
tlresc editors, and the like, are full—litm-
stttdcnts who contend with lack of strident
irrprrt, impossible deadlines, insufferable
apathy; these same students stiffer ilrc pro-
bability of slipping grades and permanent
red eyes (l'm not speculating on the L'illlSt‘
for that phenomenon).

All i maintain is that we t’crttcrrrlrcr and
appreciate how that paper is idcal for part
ding and wrapping breakable items or pro
viding diversion in that eternal class.

lie rticc to these people; maybe sneak one
a smile or even slip 'em a McDonald‘s gilt
certificate, .lrrst remember, “They do ir illl
for you!"

—Rose ilerschber-g

Cartoon Critique

To the Editor:
Steve Lclran's strip. "The Pudy" is :r
vulgar example of adolescent bathroom
humor rrtore suitable for Hustler nittgtl/itrc
than for the newspaper of this ttili\'ctsil}.

The parody of Christ‘s crucifixion corr-
tairtcd in last Friday's issue is an outragcorn
insult to the Christian community on rlrr‘
campus.

Cancellation of this moronic, rrrr-t'rrrrm
and unnecessary "comic" strip would
greatly improve an otherwise laudable role
lcge paper.

 

—-—l’ctcr ll. Smith
R

Police Brutality
W-

] am writing this letter to make
students more aware of a problem rbar ex-
ists between the Albany Police Deputilltcltl
and the residents of Albany; SUNY
students in particular, From what I hate
witnessed since coming to Albany in
September. the A.P.D. scents to have it in
for certain minorities irr Albany.

On Sunday, November 22, at about i
a.m.. l was walking with some friends down
Central Avenue irt Albany when we saw
several members of the A.P.D. drag a man
out of the Falcon's Nest, ln‘c., which is a
predominantly black disco.

The man being arrested obviously did not
know what he had done, and after he asked
tlte wltite police officers several tirncs to tell
him why he was being arrested, one ot' the
officers, without promcation, bit the black
man on the head with his nlglttslick. lie and
another officer proceeded to bcat and kick
the man long after he was unconscious. li_\
the time they stopped, there was blood all
over the sidewalk, and the man had not yet
l't'tsliincd consciousness it) minutes later
when he was dragged by the police officers
to a squad crrr'.

Several days before this trlrrtrrrrt tllspltl)‘ of
racism exhibited by Irtctrrbcrs or tlrt
A.P.D., tr SUNY student was arrested.

 

 
 

» staircase? ’-.7t7é:f‘::2,':3‘.a

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

ChriStmas

In

Hollywood ‘

 

 

 

