 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
  
  
 
   
   
    

't

  
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
      
    
     
   
    
  
  
    
  
  
   
    
    
    
  
    
    
   
  
  
    
    
  
 
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

ca.

 Capsules

i‘lrrﬁtllila.‘nalllad-Ii:-lunai~'I.\I)Iu-ralm.liv -T-_

 

.. . I » I
CourtRevrews Rights
WASHINGTON. no. (AP) The Supreme Court said
Monday it will study, in two unrelated eases, the rights
of ,workers to sue their boss and their union.

The justices agreed to decide in a Virginia dispute
whether a union that fails to properly help an un-
justiﬁably ﬁred member may be forced to reimburse
part of his lost pay. .

And they promised in a Texas case to decide whether
minority members who say they were denied promotions
because of illegal bias can sue also on behalf of people
who never got hired because of the employer's alleged
bias.

Party Accuses Walesa

WARSAW, Poland (AP) The Communist Party accus-
ed Solidarity lcaderLech Walesa Monday of calling for
the overthrow of Polish authorities during a closed

' union meeting last week.

Warsaw Radio broadcast Walesa's tape-recorded
remarks, and Walesa conﬁrmed Monday that he tnadc
the comments. He told the Associated Press Iriswords
were taken out of context but he would not elaborate. A
radio spokesman said he could not say where the tapes
came frdm.

Coinelding with the harsh new Polish attack on
Solidarity's leadership, the Soviet government
newspaper Izvestla charged Monday that extremists in
Poland's trade union movement Were verging on ter-
rorism in their efforts to undermine the influence of the
ruling Communist Party.

1788 Tax Law Erased

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) New York state‘s I788 full value
property tax assessment law, widely ignored for almost
two centuries, has been of ﬁcially erased from the books.

The state Legislature voted Thursday to overt idc Gov.
Hugh Carey’s veto of a bill essentially lcgaliring the
fractional assessment system which had growrt up in
localities across the state. And itt the new law, based on

a compromise bill worked out _by Senate Majority ,

Leader Warren Anderson and AssemblySpcakchtanlcy
Fink, was designed to end six years of delay and feuding
over the issue.

“What the governor forgot is that we're the ottes who
make the laws," said a happy Fink (D-Brooklyn) after
his house had voted res-34 to override Carey's veto.
"He was worried about the assessments being full-value.
Now the law of this state reads ‘you don't need full-
value."Wc changcdlhc law so we don‘t ltave to do it."

The override vote hi the Republican-controlled Senate
was Ail-l4. .

- Libyan Plane H“ 'acked i

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Three Lebanese Moslcms arm-
ed with grenades hijacked a Libyan jetliner Monday and
forced it to fly to Beirut where they said they were seek-
ing'tite return of a Shiite Moslctn leader who disap-
peared three years ago. They threatened to order the
plane aloft and blow it up,' airport officials said.

“We don't care about the crew. We don't care about

_oursc|ves." one of the hijackers who identiﬁed himself

as All Hamdu said over the plane's radio to the Beirut
control tower.

One airport tower official wlto declined to be iden-
tiﬁed said the hijackers were negotiating with ofﬁcials
and calling for the return of imam Moussa Sadr, a Sltiitc
clergyman who disappeared in August I978 after visiting
Libya. His whereabouts remain a mystery.

Hijacked Plane Lands

BARRANQUILLA. Cdlombia (AP) One of three
Venezuelan airliners hijacked in a highly coordinated

operation landed Monday night in the Honduran ‘

capital of Tegucigalpa, airport ofﬁcials said.

The control tower officials, quoted by Caraeol radio
station in Barranquilla, said they believed the two other
planes were on route to El Salvador and Guatemala.

All three planes had been commandeered while on
domestic ﬂights over Venezuela and were forced to land
in Barranquilla. a Colombian port city on the Carib-
bean, where the womcn and children were freed.

A control tower spokesman at the international air-
port in Tegucgalpa. Gustave Hernandez, told tlte
Caracol radio network that an Aeropostal DC-9 landed
and the hijackers immediately asked to see the
Venezuelan ambassador and a Roman Catholic church
representative.

All three planes were on the ground in Barranquilla
for about IO hours before they departed.

 

it

WASHINGTON.'D.C. '(AP) The Reagan administration
is consideritig'more than doubling the federal taxes
motorists pay for gasoline and substantially boosting

' fees on large trucks to pay for the nation's highways and

help mass transit. , 4 _
Proposals being developed in the Transportatton
.Dcpartment call for a possible increase in the current
'4-cent a gallon federal gasoline tax to 9 cents. Other sug-
gestions would increase taxes paid by the owners of large
tractor-trailer trucks by as much as 75 percent.
Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis in recent
speeches has suggested that the additional in be used to
complete the interstate system and highway repairs with
l cent going to mass transit to make the plan more
palatable to congressmen from urban areas.

Panel Afﬁrms Air Safety

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) independent federal in-
vestigators have concluded that the safety of the
nationis air traffic control system has not been jeopar-
dized by the ﬁring of “.500 strikers last August, it was
learned Monday.

The findings are in a report to be presented by the
staff of the National Transportation Safety Board for
final approval today. A I6-mcmbcr task force interview-
ed working controllers and toured a number of control
towers and centers during a two-month investigation.
The aim was to determine whetlter the reduced air con-
troller force and other post-strike factors posed any
reduction in safety.

The board is an independent agency that investigates
airline and other transportation accidents.

Warning System Tested

MONTPELIER.VI.(AP) Residents of cuntntunities in
Vermont, Massachusetts and New Hampshire will be
hearing tltc blarcs of high-pitched sirens during tltc next
two weeks.

The Vcrrrrotrt Yatrkcc nuclear power plant in Vernon
is testing a warning system that would bc tised in the case
of art actual emergency to alert peoplewithin a l0-trtile
radius. spokesman Stephen Stollsaid. ,

Testing began last week in Nortltl‘icld, Mass., and will
continue this week and next in Corrain, Mass..
Hinsdale, N.H.,Witrcltcstcr. N.H.. and Brattlcboro and
Vernon.

Three sirens each arc in Northﬁeld, Hinsdalc, Win-
clicstci' rind Vernon, with one irt Colrain and four itt
ittattleboro, Stoll said.

I “Wc'vc advertised it itt all the local newspapers and lit
radio spots, so we don't shock anyone;" he said.

0L4 Restrictions Relaxed

WASHINGTON,D.C. (AP) The Reagan administration
is going ahead with a presidential order that would relax
some of the restrictions imposed on U.S. itrtclligcncc
agencies to prevent abuses ofcivil liberties, officials say.

Government sources, who asked not to be identified,
stud the' order would give the CIA broader authority to

it" , 
. . . . collect intelligenoooimthe-Uaited sales: uni oh.a r’nore . .

restricted scale than administration ofﬁcials first pro-

posed last March. ; _
'When signed-byiPresident Reagan, the Order win

replace one issued by Jimmy Carter In January 1973,

Loaders Agree  Cuts

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Republican congressional
leaders and Reagan administration ofﬁcials are in ten.
tative agreement on an additional $4 billion in domestic
spending cuts to meet “the major. challenges of the
president" and avert another budget crisis.

President Reagan’s “ﬁnal signoff" on the plan, to be
included in a new emergency money bill to replace one
that expires Dec. l5. was expected today. said a congres-
sional source who asked to remain anonymous.

The source quoted White House budget director
David A. Stockman as telling participants in a private
Capitol Hill meeting Thursday night that the proposal
“meets the major challenges of the president."

On Sept. 24, Reagan asked Congress for an additional
$8.4 billion in domestic spending cuts — 12 percent
across the board. He later indicated he was willing to ac-
cept half that amount, and White House spokesman
David Gergen repeated Thursday.that-,“what the presi.
dent has asked for is something that meets him approx.
imately halfway."

Sources said the new proposal generally calls for
across-the-board cuts of 4 percent in most domestic pro-
grams. including those singled out in Reagan's
September request. .

Deeper Deﬁcit Predicted

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) A deepening recession is
pushing the federal budget toward a record SI09 billion
deﬁcit for 1982 and even greater red ink in subsequent
years unless tlrerc are drastic new spending cuts. accor-
ding to a revised administration forecast.

Administration sources said the forecast projects il
$162 billion deficit by I984. climbing interest rates by
next summer and unemployment persisting at its current
rate of 8.4 percent or higher for all of I982.

On the brighter side. it predicts strong economic
growth in excess of 5 percent a year for 1983 and I984,
and a continued casing of inﬂation to below 5 percent by
I984.

The sources who revealed details of the updated
forecast did so on the condition their names not be us-
cd.

Tltc new deficit estimates are the largest yet projected

a by the administration, which came into office saying it

'would get the deficit down'to $45 billion in 1982 and
balance the budget by l984.

“it's a mammoth problem, a monstrous problem,"
one source said Monday.

The ttcw forecast — prepared by ceottomists at the of-
fice of Management and Budget, Treasury Department
and Council of Economic Advisers — was presented to
the president last Friday as he cottfcrrcd with his ad-
visor's on a new round of budget cuts for ﬁscal I983,
which begins trcxr Oct. I.

Reagan is expected to propose severe reductions itt
social programs beyond those lte obtained from Cott-
‘grcss for the current fiscal year.

 

If

Campus Baicfs

 

An Enlightening Nite

If lightning holds any fascination for you, attend tltc
ittterior of Eastern New York Chapter of the American
Meteorological Society meeting in the Alumni House
tortigltt, at 7:30 pm. .

The guest speaker or the evening, Professor'Richard
Orvillc of SUNYA‘s Department of Atmospheric
Science. will describe a lightning detection system that
lie and his co-workct's are currently installing irt the irr-
terior of casicrn New York State. This system will be
capable of locating liglttttittg flashes that occur witltin a
250 tuilc radius of Albany, in any season.

The public is cordially invited to attend this meeting.

Get to Business!

Yes. all you sophomores who have been struggling
witlt ACC 21 I, BLAW 220, and various forms of ECO,
your days of taking business core courses are coming to
an end.

Now is the time to apply to the undergraduate
Business Administration or Accounting Program for the
Fall 1982 semester.

Applications must be submitted in person in BA 36l A
no later than 4 pm. Friday. January 29, I982.

Applications are now available in BA 361A and in
CUE. Pick yours up today —— no late applications will be

 

   

accc tcdl

Ya Better Watch Out...

Children of all ages arcinvitcd to get in the Christmas
spirit this Saturday in the Campus Center Assembly Hall
at the annual Children‘s Hour Christmas Party.

From l-4 p.m. members of the University and
children of tire community are invited to play the games
and sing a few songs along with the singing duet "Sugar
and Spice."

Chaperoncs are trccdcd.

Books for Sale

Sick of seeing your Poli Sci book? Want to dump the
books from that Psych class you dropped?

Telethon '82 will be accepting books to be sold in its
“scmcstcrly” book exchange December 18 and
December let frottr lO a.tn.-2 pm in CC 358.

More R00 Available

Tltc RCO Dcpartntcrtt has added a few classes to tilt:
Spring schedule which will be open to all RCO majors.
Registration is in tire RCO office December l6.

You still have to drop/add, but this registration ses-
sion will reserve your place itt tltesc added sections.

Out for Blood

Do you need yet another excuse for procrastination?

The American Red Cross Bloodmobilc will be on
campus today, from 10 a.tn. to 4 p.rn. itr the Campus
Center Ballroom.

Take five minutes ottt front studying to donate your
blood for supplies to 30 area hospitals.

 

 

December“; ,‘ "1981'? 

Thousands tb;RceallLet-'tnon

LIVERPOOL, England (AP) A
concert and candlelight vigil are
planned today, the ﬁrst anniversary
of John Lennon's death, in this in-
dustrial city where the Beatles
began, chronicling by song the
changes of the 19605 that swept the
world. ‘ -

"They're coming in thousands
from every corner of the world,"
said Sam Leach, a, promoter of
Beatles coneerts'20‘ years ago and
organizer of Tuesday night’s free
concert in memory of Lennon.

“Americans. French, Dutch.
Germans, and a lot from Canada —-
the place,will be packed.” he said,

predicting 30.000 would turn out.
" Five bandst will' perform Beatles
hits from the 19605. At to p.m., a
candlelight vigil and silent prayers
will close the gathering.

Leach picked the St. George's
Hillr Plateau for the outdoor eon-

‘ certdit overlooks Livcrpools’ Lime

Street and is opposite the Empire
Theater where, the Beatles played
their first big stage show Ion 0c-
tobcr 23, 1962. American rock

singer Little Richard topped the bill I

then.
0n the eve of the tribute,
Merseysidc County Council, which

‘governs the. region encompassing

 

by Marc Schwartz -

semester's ﬁnals week.

dent Fred Volkwein.

thereafter.

 

rLate Labor Day Means
No Fall Reading Days

It‘s no accident that reading days were not scltcduled for this

in order to rrtcct New York state minimum instruction re-
quirements, tlte University was faced with three options in drawing up
the fall schedule. Classcs'could ltave been scheduled to start before
Labor Day, finals cottld have been held following Cltrislmtts or
reading days could be eliminated, according to Assistant to the Presi-

Hc explained that both students and teachers were in agreement that
reading days were by far fhc least important.

"For the first time in around 25 years, Labor Day was on Scptctnber
7 and the Jewish holidays occurcd during the week," Volkwcin said.
Labor Day usually falls earlier in the month and classes start

The new regulations requiring readittg days, adopted by the Univer
sity Senate last spring, were purposely scheduled to begin with the Spr-
btgé'liz semester because of this ternr’s scheduling irregularities.

 

 

 

 

7 “Possess-rt PM.

this northwest England port city,
published a 72-page guidebook, “In
the Footsteps of the Beatles."

Asking visitors to respect the
privacy of people now'occupying
the former homes of Job'n, Paul,
George and Ringo, the book
records such landmarks as Oxford
Street Maternity Hospital where
Lennon was born on October 9,.‘
I940, in the middle of a Luftwaffe'
bombing raid. Also noted are
Strawberry Fields. a Salvation Ar-
my children's home which inspired
a Bealtes hit by that name and Pen-
ny Lane.

0n Matthew Street, wlterc the
Beatles played to packed houses at
the underground Cavern Club.
developers announced plans Mon-
day to reopen the club as part of a
$12 million complex of stores, of-
fices and restaurants. The club lies
trrtdcr a parking lot surrounded by
Victorian warehouses on a site own-
ed by British Rail, which proposed
the development along with con-
tractor E.T. Spencer. Work is set to
begin next summer with a tetttative
opening date in I984.

John Lennon and Yoko Ono at peace rally v

phh : Wide World Photo:

Candlelight vigil planned in remembrance of Lennon '3 death

Bob Woolcr. disc jockey at the
club in the I960s will be master of
ceremonies for the concert. Guests
will include actor Victor Spinetti
who ctr-starred in the movies "A
Hard Day's Night" and “Help.."

The surviving ex-Beatlcs, Patti
McCartney, Ringo Starr and
George Harrison. who live itr Bri-
tain, were invited but are not ex-
pected to attend.

Lennon was killed in New York
City outside the Dakota apartment
building where lte lived with his
wife Yoko Ono and 6-year-old son

Sean. Lennon, 4] when he died,
was returning from'a recording
studio with iris wife when he was
shot by a young man who said he
was a fan.

Ono, in what she said was an
ancient Japanese tradition, cut
30 inches off her hair to mark the
anniversary of her husband's death.
She and Sean still live in New York.

Mark David Chapman is serving
a 20-year-to-Iife sentence at New
York's Attica state prison for Len-
non‘s murder.

College BriwlgComes to SUNYA I

by Judie Eisenberg

For 20 points, can you name tltc
Hollywood star famous for his ap-
pearance itt Irorror films who is call-
ed “Tire Man of l,000 Faces?"

If this question sounds as if it
were taken straight from the old
televisiOn sltow, “It's Academic,"
there's good reason. It was one of

several bonus questions asked of
SUNYA students at the College
Bowl held here last Sunday.

Based on the old academic quiz
show, and publicired as the “Varsi-
ty Sport of the Mind" on the more
titan 500 college campuses which
participate itr it yearly, the College
Bowl came to SUNYA for the first

 ASSassination Probe Stays Alive.

by Steve Hornbeck
lam sure that all but a handful of
our citizens will cordially welcome
Ihe President of the United States
Io Dallas. '
Jesse Curry, chief of police
a November. 963

g News FEATURE

___...._.————————

The official version of the Kerr,
rrcdy assassination isr this: Al 12:30
p.tn‘.‘ Dallas time, November 22,
I963. President .lolrtt F. Kennedy
was shot and killed 'wbllc riding irt u
ntotorctrtlc through Dcnlcy Pitt/n.
’I‘hr’cc shots were, fired front behind:
the first pierced Kennedy’s neck

ltd"

 
 

MV

 

\tr-u

Kennedy tlSslHSlll Lee Harvey Oswnld

Evidence shows ()t‘trrrldfs connections to the in!

 

and wctrt on to seriously injure
Texas Governor John Connally; tltc
second missed-entirely; and tire

‘ third struckKenncdy's head, carts-

ittg fatal injuries to the skull and
brain.

Witltirt the hour authorities tip-
ptclrcndcd Lcc Hill'ch Oswald ttttd
sometime after officially chtttgcd
hint with the pt'csidcnli’s murder. A
rifle belonging to Oswald was
found on Iltc sixllr floor of tire
Texas School Book Depository,
where ltc worked as it stock boy.
Oswtrid steadfastly maintained his
innocence. Two days later, its ltc
was being tt'uttsferctl to ttnotltcr jail,
Oswald was shot and killed by Jack

 
  
  

  

Ifgﬂlll‘t‘ community ‘

Ruby. :1 Dallas nightclub owner itt
an alleged fit of insane grief over
the President‘s death.

Sometime after. President Lyn-
dott B. Johnson created the Warren
commiSsiott to investigate
Kennedy‘s dcntlt, using Ilrc FBI and
CIA as tltc research organs. Nine
months later llte contntission's
report was in: botlr Oswald and
Ruby ilClCtl alone and out of pet-
sonttl ttrotive.

However, certain infortnittion
has come to light itt tcccrtl ycttts
which gives it new pc'spcclivc, not
directly on llrc assassination itself,
but on the backgrounds of Lee
l-lttri/ey Oswttld ililtl Jack Ruby illiti
the possible manipulation of
evidence presented to the Wnrrcn
Corurtrission. Avnilnblc cvitlcncc
scents to show that ullcgctl
prcsidcntinl' assassin ()swnltl lrttd
numerous connections to tire U.S.
intelligence cotrrrrtttnity and that his
killer. Jack Rtthy, was involved
with some of the most powerful
mobsters itr tltc country —— men who
wanted President Kennedy
eliminated.

According to the Warren corn-
rtrission, Lee Harvey Oswald was
the prodttct of a broken lrotrtc. He
was relocated several times during
his childhood, while his mother
oftett remarried to help support
herself and her two sons. A
psychiatrist who cxnntined Lce ill
age 13 found ltitrr to be Wlllltll'ilWil
and lonely brtt non-nggt'cssivc and
very intelligent.

itr October 1956, at age 17,
Oswald ctrlisted lit the Marines.
After basic training. he received
t'atlttr instruction and severLtl mon-
ths later, became n liltiiil‘ operator
resigned to Atsugi llllllillL' base itr
Jttprrn.

Atsttgi itself was no ordinary
place, according to t'csL‘ur‘chct liti—

ward J. Epstein. it was one of the
largest CIA bases irt the world. The
U-2 spy planes which at the time
were criss-crossing Russian airspace
to take 'lligh-alliiudc photographs
of Soviet defenses, lrturtchcd from
the bilSt‘. Mlttitrttrttt clearance for
the men itt Oswald‘s ttttit was
"secret." About this tlrtrc, Oswald
Ircctunc very interested in Marxism
and cvcnttrnlly taught himself Rus—
sittn.

ltt I959, ltc received il requested
tlischnt gc irt tlll unnsrtnlly short titrtc
( tlrc Wtutcn commission said this
tlischtugc wars probably obtttinctl
fraudulently), and returned to the
Sillich. As soon as Oswald returned,
he left on n boat trip to Russia. Ac-
cording to researcher Robert Sillil
Anson, the trip cost $l,5t)(), lrnlf of
Oswald's cntit'c Mnriuc Corps
salary. liy ii” accounts Oswttld had
no more tlutn $200 saved. This
seems to indicate than some
generous person gave ltitrt the need-
cd $l.300 dollars — bttt no one
knows wlto.

After it long jottrncy, Oswnltl ttr- '

rived in Moscow and expressed
wishes of becoming a Russian
citizen to government officials
tltcre. Howcvcr, lthovicts scented
wary of Oswald, fearing lrc tuigltt
bc a U.S. intelligence agent
and took no action on his request
for citizenship. Several days later,
Oswald presented himself at the
American Embassy witcre both
Epstein itlld Anson assert, he not
only renounced his American
citizenship brtt tlrrentcncd to tell the
Soviets all he knew of U.S. radar.
Considering all Oswald knew
about radar operations correcting
the Ll-Z, this was a very powerful
tlncnt llltit‘t‘ti. Sonic seven months
after, Russia iit.‘\'t.‘i0pcti lilL'
capability to shoot down tltc ~2'x;
c‘tllllflllfL’ll on page Ilumwr

time ever utrder the sponsorship of
the four Class Courtcils and the five
Quad Boards.

A five-person team representing
State Quad emerged victorious at
the SUNYA-wide double-
climinatiort totrrnament, after
defeating seven other learns com-
peting as quad finalists.

According to College Bowl co-
coordinator Scott Weehsler, the
four players and one alternate of
tlr‘e'winnittg‘State Quad team will
receive an all—expense-paid trip to
beautiful Binghamton, New York
to compete against 25 teatrrs
representing public and private
schools across the state.

The questions participants had to
answer in a matter of minutes rang-
L‘d from the fields of current
events to liberal arts to sports and
all and entertainment, chhslct
stud.

l

 

Tltc irrrposcti titrtc lituit makes the
game quick-paced and exciting
chhslct' said, adding that it‘s
ulllﬂlillg illill people actually know
some of the more obscure answers
required.

The winners of the regiorrttl Col-
lege Ilowl to be held in Bingbtttnton
on February l2-I4 will receive an
tril—cxpcnsc-paitl trip to some \vur'rn
location witltln the U.S., its well as
n shot ill the national College Bowl
titlc.

Anti ntcidcutly, doesn't cvcryonc‘

. know that (lL‘iOI i..on Cltrntcy is the

man of 1,000rl'ttccs? .

 

w -—.vv...,;c. .'

 
    

 

