 

“.‘w

>4 N. .:_r ._

obscurity and finally grab the brass ring.

 

page éa/Decémber. 4:: 1981'! l.

.

of New York City witha concert here In
Albany. The remorse must come for their at-
tempts to do the same on their new album
Camera. Camera.

Geoffrey Steele

   

. eha'issanc

‘or Renaissance fans It is a time to
'rejotce and lament. They can re-
joice because Renaissance Is ftnallyt
trying to expand their cult following outside

 

 

 

A Renaissance concert Is a fantastic event.

While other groups attempt to sway you with.

their light shows and gimmicks. Renaissance
danies you with music. Lead singer Annie
Halsam doesn’t try to overpower you like
Grace Slick or Pat B ratar. or attmept to
“cute” you to death like Olivia NewtonrJohn
or Linda Ronstadt. instead she moves you
s with talent. something sadly lacking in most
rock gropps today. Her operatic voice.
played like an Instrument. fills a hall with
crystal clear tones and beautiful harmonies.
The melody line of the title track to their first
album. Profouge. is in fact Halsam's voice.
Her ability to phrase and extend whole
musical paragraphs is a toy to listen to. both
In concert and on record. She displays her
hard side with grace In songs like “Mother
Russia" and “Running Hard" and Is able to
create mystical sensations at the same time.
Her ligltter numbers like “Carpet of the Sun"

     
   
     

l . ..
I am a camera buff: Annie Halsam. Michael Dunfard and Jon Ca
appearing tonight at Page Hall.

and “At the Harbour" are still able to retain
her fantastic range without overpowering the
backing group.

And what a backing group it is. or was.
The solid vocals of John Trout and the gett-
tle backing of percussionist Terence Sullivan
have been replaced by Peter Gosling and
Peter Baron who, for any purposes What-5w
ever. we can forget. Even the remaining
three. Halsam. Jon Camp, and Michael
Dunford. appear to hold them in little
regard, They are not even pictured with the
trio on the new album cover. which Is the
only good thing about It. While Renaissance

 

l.\\

. ‘ ‘
mp are Renalssance.

fans used to wait with wonder at witat they
would put out next. what lush and beautiful
artwork would be waiting for them. they are
sadly disappointed with Camera Camera's
boring black and white cover. instead of a
lyric sheet we discover that the Inner sleeve is
an ad for a tee shirt to promote the new
record company. l.R.S. (a hy-product of
ASLM records).

Some groups can “sell-out" and succeed.
like the Bee-Gees. who went from disaster to
over night disco kings with one album, or the
Rolling Stones. Jefferson Starship. and
Blondie. These groups have altered their

l

,, Renaissance

sound to achieve a more commercial effect.
and have increased their sales and audience.
Renaissance here has tried to do the same.
but the result is an unqualified flop. Halsam's
strong vocal quality still shines through this
tripe. but It does so with ever Increasing dif-
ficulty. Gone is the lush, lull sound that so
many of the previous outings showed. The
emphasis ls put ion musical tracks which try
to cover the lack of lyrical and musical con-
vlction. Only on “Ukraine Ways" do we hear
the sounds that epitomize the 'classical train-
Ing that created the Renaissance sound. But
by then it Is too late to save the album. The
production. usually so crisp In the past lacks
any depth here. There are no moments of
true joy In the music as there are laced
throughout their previous popular album
Acheherazade. The music on Camera.
Camera is muddled aitd unworthy of the ar-
tist who created it.

There is a good side to this. however. it
simply proves that Renaissance cannot sell
out and succeed. Let's Just hope they forget
this LP and turn their attention to the stage.
Renaissance will be performing at Page Hall.
Saturday night December 5th. In a concert
sponsored by the University Concert Board.
Renaissance fans know that this band has
produced some of the. best British music In
years. Even if only a pale copy of past ef-
forts. the show will still be Worth seeing. Ll

That Old Black Sabbath

eavy metal superstars Black Sab»
bath brought their high powered
act to a sold out Glens Falls Civic
Center last Wednesday night as part of their
current tour to promote their recently releas-
ed twelfth album Mob Rules.

Mike Bushnell

Black Sabbath released their first album in
1970. 'At first they were a cult band. but the
following year they released their most
popular album to date. Paranoid. which
gave the band tlrelr well. deserved recogni-
tion. in their early days. the band members
were labeled as devil worshippers, demons
and bringers of evil. because of their lyrics
which often dealt with demonic symbols.
This label stuck throughout the years until in
1978 they recorded Never Say Dlef. which is
Sabbath's semi-successful attempt at jazz-
rock. This Is also the last studio album on
which the legendary vocalist Ozzy Osbourne
appears.

n these days of musical boundaries

and facile. snug categories and

sub-categories. Joan Armatradtng
remains an enigma. Refusing to sell out to
the obvious pressures Innate lit the record lit—
dustry. Armatrading has been forced in live
In a sort of musical exile. receiving neither
extensive promotion from her record crim-
pany. A&M. nor deserved airplay from FM
radio. With the release of her latest LP. Walk .
Under Ladders. many critics are expecting
that Joan will escape from her relative

   

 
  
  

 

Steve Costello

Walk Under Ladders Is an excellent album
of upbeat pop tunes and sensitive ballads.
On Joan's previous release. me myself], the
tone was sombre. the mood desperate and
searching. it was apparent that Annatrading
was looking for something, but she wasn't
sure. Walk Under Ladders takes a different
approach. Rather than a dlrge of unfulfilled
love. it Is a celebration of love and relation—
ships. On the new album. when Joan says.
"i need you." she Is reveling In the feeling.
On the previous albums those same words
were often desperate. always melancholy.
Under the competent production of Steve

 

 

 

Lillywhtte. Armatrading’ explores interper»
sonal relationships in a variety of ways. rang-

    

 

In the past three years the band has gone
through some changes. Ronnie James DIo
formerly of Rainbow and Eli. replaced
Osbourne as singer. and was immediately
accepted by Sabbath's fans. He never had to
worry about “filling Orzy's shoes." The se-
cond change was the addition of Geoff
Nicholls' In the recording studio on
keyboards and the replacement of original
drummer Bill Word with Vinnie Appice.

in concert Sabbath Is Still as hot as ever
and Wednesday's performance was no ex-
ception. Playing before an enthusiastic
crowd of 7.000. Sabbath delivered some of
the best material they have to offer. Opening
with "£5150." a bass and synthesizer In—
strumental from Mob Rules. the bond plow-
ed Into “Neon Knights" from the album
Heauen and Hell.

A few songs later. singer Ronnie James
Dio took to the mike and proclaimed. “This
next song is about somethirtg we don't like
and we know you don‘t like it either." allow-
ing guitarist Tony lonimi to lead into the

classic “War Pigs" front the Paranoid LP.
During “War Pigs" tWo tert foot high crosses.
one on each side of drummer Vinnie Ap—
plce. Were lil. As all Sabbath fans know. the
cross has been a symbol of Black Sabbath
since their Infancy.

During "Slipping Away.‘ one of the hot»
lest cuts from the latest album. drummer
Vinnie Applce delivered a fifteen minute solo
that virtually left the audience paralyzed.

The next song was “Heaven and Hell"
from the album of the same name. One of
the highlights of the show occurred during
"Heaven and Hell." when Dio asked the
people sitting in the balcony to sing along
with him while the people seated on the floor
remained quiet and later reversed the roles.
Meanwhile. bassist “Geezer” Butler was
playing a solo that had everyone hopping to
the beat. For their encore. Sabbath played
“Children of the Grave" from Master of
Reality. ending alt eventful night

Black Sabbath ls heavy metals most in‘
fluential band. Even when this music wasn't

r

The Obscure

With a more commercial pro/tle. Joan Arv
matrading ls starting to climb the ladder.

trig front the coy, playful "l Wanna Hold
You," to the firm. sure "Only One." Ar-
matrading's true gift remains her unerrlng
ability to strip a subject of its pretenses and
expose the reality which is most apparent on
the straightforward song “No Love." Ara
matrading's simple eloquence is arresting as
she tells her would be lover. “But if you've
got no love/To Give/Baby don't give It

here." Joan is similarly honest on the aptly
titled “l Can't Lie to Myself." Over ii bass line
reminiscent of Elvis Costello's “Watching; the
Detective." she comes to the realization that
fighting against your feelings is a losing bal-
tle. This kind of sincere Songwriting puts Ar-
matrading at the head of her CtliilL'lil-
poraries.

Another of the album's more interesting
songs Is the reggaevrlriven “Ronmncers.”
Musically. the song combines its taggin- bruit
with Latin flavored horns. Lyricnlly. lllr’ song
is impressive on a variety of levels. [\rv
matrading seemed to be preparing herself for
the music industry's typical reaction to hot
Work when she wrote. "l'ni gonna he re-
jected/Let down/Expect it/l‘in living iii a
ltrlilS' paradise."

As usual. Joan's verse is right on target.
While the music industry is wasting its hype
on commercial rock. performers like /\r~
matrading must build their following by Word
of mouth. Happily. Jtldir has succeeded as
well as one can expect. Walk Under Ladders
is currently a rc’spectahle twenty-sixth on the.
album charts. if this fine nlbunr. like so much
of Armatradlng's work. fades to the bottom
of the charts. it will be truly shameful.

Unfortunately. due in large part to a corn
plete absence of airplay. this trend seems iti-
evitable. We cart Just be grateful that Joan
Armatrading continues -to write sensitive

 

all too popular. Sabbath still had its follow‘
lrtg. And today. with the renaissance of
heavy metal. Sabbath is still the leader.
Opetttng the show was former Ten Years
After guitarist Alvin Lee and his new band.
featuring former Rolling Stones guitarist Mick
Taylor. Judging frotn their fine performance.
It appears that they have made many new
friends In Glens Falls. ill

 

‘long-awnited comeback with a new MCA

 

 

Finally. after ion malty game shows and
, t
nightclub acts. that zany television comedic
cult figure Soupy Sales is making a strong.

album. Still Sortpy After All These Years!
Ever since Soupst Soda Shop became

America's first television teenage dance pro-

gi'tim. Sales has expanded to nightclub acts.
concerts. and lliQiilll’
This MCA release.
though. is Soupv‘s
first attempt in n run n-
tling studio.

The
recorded live at the
Savoy on Broadway

‘ illitl the Other lintl
nightclub in Green-
wii‘li Village. it ill‘
chides

album was

 

Some of his
classic liitsrsuch its
reissues of “The
Mouse."
“l-‘nknlnfrikn"
rIlL’ now

items.

which
0 lllccli II 5'

 

songs about real situations. On the album's
beautiful closing song. "Only One." Joan
softly sings: “Make me feel good/Make me
feel line/Beautiful eyes/Promise of
Paradise." . F

A far cry from "Hit Me With Your Host
Shot". ‘ ‘

t I

 

 

 

 

here are those moments when the

accumulated hassles of school spill

over into the weekend. A test here.
a'paper there and you find yourself doing
wtthout whatever usually gets you through
the night.

Steve Gosset

There comes a point though. when you
have done one accounting problem too
many. or when contemplating Milton. you
fiiid that you need it bigger shovel. Unfoi~
tunately. it's probably too late for Miller time.
So by default, the television goes on

Late Friday nights. there really Iit‘VL’I has
been much of a choice of Wllill to wntch.
especially after midnight. For six years, thew
was the Midnight Special. which specialized
in suffering pop (or should we say pop?) and
glitzy production values.

Along came Fridays lnsi ycin. which hits
so far amounted to it Drillit'llt‘ collection of
contlc inisfires: it Sput‘lnit'n of whnt TV can't
do and which we will blast in just .i hit.
Musical mediocrin and it comedic ininsnio.

 

 

.is we said. no choice

litii just when you thought it Wits solo to
suck out early. the wonders of \Vltlllt'rtlitlll
and it l'r’ii'L’ L’Xillillilt‘ of slimtt Iit‘lWI Iik iltirilt
iiig linppencd upon its this _UL’rll. m the ltlttii
of old Saturday Night l.ltlr’ It'itiil‘u and thy
SCTV Network respectively

You know what to export horn SN! Thu
fizzled gags have been ([tlit'llt} snipped dull“)
making thi.I Not Really l"tll l’iitnl- Tirnv
I‘lttyers scent like flawless ill-itics lint winch
if some other time dutiog tho Wt’t‘lt nod lrilt'li
onto Second City 'I'V. Wltit‘li boosts what
may very well be lliu host coinndy ensemble
ever oit television.

Never have so few lliltlt‘iSltiiltl the various
scourges of television so well; the talk shows.
the ilhﬁllllt‘d minor personalities that TV
blunts. the game shows, commercials (Illtl till
the other low‘hudgo' check that passes for
entertainment. SCTl slices. (llt‘t‘ﬁ and chops
TV up better than any Ginsu knife L‘VL‘i'
could.

SCTV is for front being gently to the
medium that has spawned it, It would be
easy to be savage with a bunch of obvious
gags. SCTV takes it more subtle filttl
ultimately more fllrmy apprl inch; we laugh at
miller than with what we sue. which is no
small feat for the cast. So Wlit‘li Rick MI ll’dillS
is wringing out of his Merv (iilffin imper-

- ' sonniion every drop of sellsl’rvrng banality.

it is only Merv that we sue 'l'hnt Momnis 5o
‘ Consistently submerges himself into his
Character. be it Dick Cnvvtt. Woody Alicn.
George Carlin tl‘ name three. is nothing
short of brilliant.

SCTV is loaded Willi other
chrimeleons. One of Catherine O'Ilnin's
991115 is her Lola Heatherlon. the Inndeyfor

such

‘ . TV singer whose standard greeting is "Thank

V News Spies T

BC's The Spies Among Us Il
lustintcs it growing rllltl distutbing

 

 

trend in television nutvs lt sot-ins
lliill the concept of linlnncod it’lintlttltl hit» all
hilt fnlll-tt bytlir' writ/silly in no attempt it
[li‘liL‘ldlL’ both rating-i .mli flit-1:“

 

 

Mark Rossier

Thy Ni“? tlHttlllIt'lllllll.’ wlitlh .invil
Stittndny night Rowan slill's
WllH lllltl llllllllilll'il lht' Aiilt'lltilli govt-in

(tlittt’lilL‘tl

 

 

nwnt l .im not lllil‘lll Iw ltllllit‘ with not of
“W fonts lilt'nt‘lllf‘rl on tli.‘ h v Ihtnv in.
Vail: of lodging tht-n .n . tnwl llii' liu fill in
.m' not trutllx, on ls‘tlt' ltl'il' tlu‘ ptn'm‘lit Iltllli
ls

Appoil'iitly, ltnuum in tin-1 tilt, . litiIiill, tlnli
has spit". lII tln-. loltnillx .hlwln ‘mntlllt
iil'\‘|'| llit.'illllt|tt'tl the possihilitt.‘ of nllltt'l
minnow. lit-mg mluimlul in ll 8 nnlilnlv
hk't‘il‘lh Nlii lllu's lltt'lt' wont to ho tllll‘llll'l
\‘olllitty Inoii' clitllirmll ill rutlilr'ss \’\.'l‘ll

in its own infliirrinnis
liven more tll‘illillillltl was the filll thnt

 

Fl
ensgmlt e C

.10‘2
llero (“"05
‘That's Gl‘v Collin ' "led a

re best
Prickicy. J.
iglits from the lt

ohnniJ La

.. my be
0] what in A "h kes 01mg

and cohorts l‘
n

   
  
 

 

 

you. I love you and i want to been all of your
('llllfllt‘tl " O'Hnrii also made IliiitL‘t‘lttt'ttl of
inllcsliow regular Joan limiiry. having her
come on “The Sammy Maudlin Show." on
SCTl’ staple. druitk and start wrestling with
her nniumls The rest of llll‘ looni-y-turil's
cost which includes Dave Thomns. .ltrltll
Candy. Anthea Mnrliri. liugr-ne Levy rind
Joe l-lnhr’ity (who does on otittngr-ous Slim
Whitman) are uniformly excellent Rarely do
they fnllct, even when tlicii material. which
they \Uliit’. (luvs,

HCTV (lid stumble (is it Wllttll‘ for o few
weeks recently. When it with iir syndication.
there was only quick linlf hour lllrll needed
to be filled Now on nclvvoik. it‘s triple Ihnt
mid to fill the void. there was A lot of. well
let's lilt't' it. filler.

instead ol the old format that presented n
"typical" broadcast day. they went behind
the scenes of the SCTV programs which was
cumbeisi unt- nod performed wrth disinterest.
Only the laugh track was having a good
time. it was like sitting out n plcdgc drive on
PBS. Where was all the good stuff, like

ilt’llllt‘i Srivltcli. who authored the show.
not not) of the ptmplr- she triti'iviewl'tl so

liilli‘lt .is implied that llit' lhntcd States hos _

spies in the Soviet Union. t'Vt'li for defense
pnipnstls Tht-y hllltkt' nhiiut Ann-limit
trnttors tlllll sliii'wrl Soviet st'tluclors l|| such
.i tliIiliiliSllt‘, vicliini/cd tonicI that they totally
tllltlt’lilllilt‘tl lltt’ii tit’tllltilily

llrltl llli‘ show hot-n litllit‘ ltoloiii‘t-tl. hoil
llit-y «out t'llllillt'tl on spying III gi'iit-iril
lilllit'l tlinn lllt' lirltl dogs Ill p.ritn’trl.ii they
ought l|l|\\' Ililttlt' lllt‘ll points wlmtl'vrlr thoy
H‘t'lt‘ lltl‘it' t'lli't ll\‘\'l\.' Thvil' ‘vi't‘lilt‘tl lit l‘t‘
ill lt'tll Ill'rlt‘ hwhnnl tln- show Nt‘\'t“-|hl])t'l
lt'l ll lllt'l s .nl' .rlw.il,l~. ii lltl tl lI.I\‘t‘ .t “pug” l4 n
.i all qt: m liltl‘lllllltl tltnl llt.llit'\ ll l‘lnit'nt lint
,fli' u‘)’ll("l .‘.‘iilnig fls i'l llll(l litiw' lit'L'li llllII
ml iilllitllt~ .ign .nnl ]ll~.l It‘ll III the con until
.ni ltii llt‘ll' win fonrill NlSL‘ has always
mitt-n {ill‘rtl [)lttlt' til it». news tlcpnitnnlnt .nnl
tint shallow simplicity of this spuclol Is .i hit
sttiprismg. No doubt. Sillt‘c the show was
aired during the November sweeps period, it
was ("l .iltt'nipt to gather intings iii the most

e 5 .
aheW’ use, on lL’lUUISlnn'

u f‘
5.3 ptclut

.-.w..u.~...... ,  .l.. l ..l..:

 

    

nianﬂgc'

lite Sl‘lrll' sumo“ l '5 Guy
7etntllcu". A TV-'

ten. .. econ We Friday

rs. u!
d the McKenzie Brotlte :
0
ed below. the cast

ll . _
lltt’ Richnirlo Montnlhnii School of Finn Ac
ting ("Say Corinthian leather")?
Fortunately they have since gotten back
on ttrick .nnl it ts almost like old times SCTV
is now So total a concept. that even llll’
musical acts are meshed into llll' "pr‘ogirinr
tiling" net gut-sis. Tln' Tubes were on thr-
“I islniig Musician" program with John (:tlll'
(ly. which gnvu them an nppropos tipplii'
Initin to sing then "Sushi Mnrnn." .Sff'l‘V
cvr-i lind Al Jnircriu doing a full-blown
parody of The Jazz Singer. Hebrew and all.

lint perhaps the best thing about SCTV is
lllrll if it continues its winning ways. it will
make everyone forget that there was ever
such n travesty called Fridays. To avoid
dl-hnsing SCTV. the tWo programs should
not be compared. Instead Fridays should be
(‘UIISItlL’itKl on its own demerits.

/\ press reluasu says the show is "marked
by (I West Coast chling rind attitude " That is
what I call passing the buck. lf Californians
rll‘l' indeed guffnwing ovet this mess. they
deserve to fall into the ocean.

It's obvious that Fridays is aiming for .i

linguistic and offensive way.

It Would be wrong to clirrrncti'ii/c this
spccinl its .t single hlcrnisli on lllt' face of
television news. every network hos llt’t'll
guilty of the some thing to some extent

(if) Mlnuius is the most popular news
ningti/mc in the history of l('ll'\/l.‘rlllll and its
strccllss ("till be attributed to one thing. livery
sitiiy \‘llllt‘l glorifii's ilit' lllllt’ guy oi con
tltlnnis big goverliliir‘itt Miku. Molly, l’litlly
rlllfl l'.tl went to have appointed themsr-lvus
hotli llt'lll mnkcrs .uitl govcrnon-nt and big
llll\lilt'\\ w.il« lillogu Their it'potis nit- .ilwtiys
‘.t'\'l‘|l‘l\,l ‘illllllt'tl tn lillt' slllr'. lisurilly llit' stilt'
lltitl llil ml \‘II‘\\l'i . t‘.IiI ‘1l,’iii|).lllll?t'Willi 'l'hl'
“ltlllt' guy" tn l|l|Iilwl I'IillllllllilllU ult'vntt'd to
the slain» of hull'ngln'ii'd llt'lti bucking the
walnut rtlttl lilistnmn .nrrl, ill govclnnrctii illt’
rthth the \‘illhlll‘t tolling lIIIil off .it every
ltnn

ABC's Zilulffl takes it siniilnr track. but is
usually more concerned with enlcttainnwnt
:ind strrttght information

 

      

young audience. with all their pseudo-hip
talk about drugs. sex. hot tubs and the like.
But perhaps junior higlt school Is aiming a bit
low. Nevertheless. Dre-adolescent mentality
gags with predictable outcomes have been
the rule of thumb since the show debuted
April. 1980. When a priest played by Mark
Blonklield gets a long box delivered. of
course there is going to be a party doll dress-
t‘tl as a nun inside. And yes. it's been done
before. Fridays is dime-store humor. And we
all know what a dinte buys these days.

The show is produced by John Moffit and
Jack Burns. the latter also being the script
Stlpt'lvlsur. Burns used to team up with
Avery Sciirieber. in what was only an inter-
initlontly funny comedy drio. Tltat lack of
distinction has for some unfathomable
reason prospered on Fridays.

Fridays got some press last spring with the
ever-annoying Andy Kaufman. who among
other things picked a light with Burns at the
curl of a show. it turned out to be all plaint-
t‘tl. lost another ohtusi- adventure iti humor
with l\'nufmnn. who kicked .off this season
now turning he fouan a wife who turned him
towards (iod? Is he for tool? Who cares?
Knufninn is Iiitllt‘dlth‘ of I-‘ndoys continued
.ittumpts to pnwn off .inything (IS an excuse
for .i lnugli

Not lit-lprng tiny «no ‘liiltL‘ thoroughly
lllt'tlli lt'it' tcguhiis People like Lorry David.
lltl' t|llllllt'\'~t'llllill .lvwisli strum utypc (as if we
lii't'tlt'll .motln-i wind and. Mntk lilttnklieltl.
.iiwnvs gmtiiig its .1 druggist who ingests
tiitltt' tlmii lit‘ dispenses it’illllltl Iltt’ of class
i'll iwns who \Ut’lt' itt'Vt’l (|tlll|' lllt’ some once
tln'vgot lllt'li diplomas And nbiiut lltt’ nicest
tlitiig | nut mil) .ihout Melanie Clint‘tirff. is
tlint she'd do everyone it favor if she would
stick to doing Tickle deodorant spots.

The only respite lrotii this pageant of
teenage sclrtiialtl. comes when Fridays toys

nl tiinc, successfully, with It ip‘icality Last fall.
there was .‘i ini'nrornhlu scene witlt both ina-
joi presidential candidates trying to get the
unrloisi'nii-nt of Bruce Springsteen. And
Iiitlil' iul'i-iitly, .r scene with a medieval ex-
pltIiL'l presenting his spoils to his king.
returns willi four l_os Angclus Dodgers. that
iilll‘fl rigltl ilflL‘i the Dodgers took the World
Series in October, It was it nice touch to
lt'VlVl' what had to be until that poiitt. the
l’trlliitltlSU majority of the audience. But alas.
there is i\l\Ui|VS the lingering question of wlial
to fill llll' other Hfi minutes of Fridays with.

in it particularly bad episode last month.
lllt’lt' was a scene witlt one couple over at
.tnolhcr Couple's apartment. The visitors
hour .i lot of strangl- noises and are then told
tluit lll(' plm'u comes with an audience.
“Wouldn‘t it ht.- cheaper just to have a laugh
track?" one asks. "Oh, no that Would be
cheating." is the reply Personally I'd prefer
lllt‘ laugh track. it's much more comforting
thou the usual llt'nlr'ning silence. ' 7

he Easy Way Out

The problem with this approach to news is
that it is so convenient to everyone involved.
The reports nrtI so sale that these shows end
up mewa reflecting public opinion rather
than trying to inform it. No one trusts
government or big husines. so criticizing
them pl mus no Ilnctit. The same goes for the
Russians lly Illt iving into prime time. telvvir
stint news has been forced to compete wttlr
lit the effort to litit'

 

entertainment sltliws
viewers from l-‘notrisv Island .uid Hill Hutu-t
film's. ilt’W‘.» shows have taken on .i sillir‘i
cdgc, lnstund of questioning cvuiytit- i.

they only lllll"illtlll onv strlr' Like i‘litl'i'. I
llit'lll shows iht'i; attempt to how .r lit" t
\‘t'llllill liglnr' Iln' .intlit‘in'r' ctiri relate tl- ‘i w
has the who t oi not only distorting lllt': t v.
but of .illvtog thv llt'H’httl‘rlUl with th. “t
lllk'llt't' l|I .iii unlit-tilth wny. l‘unplc hit I
Mlki' Wnllnll' not ht‘r‘nusr‘ he tells tlivni
truth. hilt llt'i'ltll‘it' llt' tells them wlmt lh- y
wont to hunt As long as news progtnrnw try
to compete with entertainment shows on
their own terms, both the news and the
public any going to end up losers. l. l

 

 

 

 

 

l
u
l

 

