r.‘

.. .. as. m-‘Im‘gwr

 

“a- N . .. ..._....,. ...

 

'i
r
i

.174.

a,”

 

 

Capsules

 

 

Pro-Natal Test Developed

ALBANY. N.Y..(AP) A group of New York state scien-
tists have developed a test which they claim could detect

up to 20 percent of all mentally retarded children before.

they are born. .
At a news conference with Gov. Hugh Carey on

Wednesday. a team of three researchers from tltc state‘s

Institute of Basic Research of the Office of Mental

" inn and I: ‘ , a! ' “"‘ _ said they
had inadc the breakthrough in the so-calied Fragile X
chromosomal abnormality.

The test, which is not yet readily available. would
allow women to know if they Were carrying a fetus with
the chromosome damage. They can also be tested before

' pregnancy to determine if they are carriers of I he abnor-
mality.

In either case. women would he able to decide against
having children if they were fourtd to he carriers or have
an abortion if the fetus possessed the at n-rttnality.

Cuba Beefs Up Military

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Cuba is improving ttirte
military airfields in apparent preparation for spreading
its warplanes across tltc islatrd and making them less
vulnerable to attack. U.S. intelligence sottrces say.

The reported upgrading of these illl licltls comes ttt'titl
increasing. tensions over Ll . allegations that ('uhrt is
provitling strong backing, including turns. to leftist-
ruled Nicaragua and Marxist guerrillas elsewhere irt (‘ett-
tral Atrr::ica.

A dr'urttfire of Reagan administration verbal attacks
on Crtba. together with a major ll trtrvttl cvercisc held
in the Carihbcatr this fall. may Irave gtvett (‘trhttn i’tcsi-
dent Fidel Castro tlte jitters. analysts said. He ordered it
ntajot mobili7atiort for a tirrrc last rrrorrtlt.

One analyst said. "Castro scents to be dcvclttpittt' rt
siege mentality."

~ 0
Carey Overrrdden
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The New York state Senate ltt't'itll
debate late Thursday afternoon irtto an or ct l idc of ( ior.
Hugh Carey‘s veto of a legislative plrtrr lot repealing the
state's I788 l'trll~vrr|uc property Ins assessment law.

“We are not ttyittg with otrt hill to corrch crcry one
of the inequities which exist ill the property trr\ assess—
ntent systerrr in this state." said Senate Maiority I crrrlct
Warren Anderson. R-Ilitrglnttnton.

Anderson added that his hill. ctr-sponsored lr_v
Assentbly Speaker Stanley l-‘ink. I)»Ilttrok|ytt. allows
localities to deal with the state's present Itnctionttl
systent of assessments "in a slri-lrtly rlillcrcnt Irrslriott"
bceatrse there are “slightly dil’l‘crent problems."

Polish Gap Widened

WARSAW.I’oland(AP) Solidarity declared Thursday
that Polish authorities wrecked clurtrccs for t'ecorteilirt-
tion by using force to end the litcltt-htct cttdcts' protest.
attd that the trtriott will consider it retaliatory general
strike.

“Tire developments of the past weeks ptor c that by
opting for violence the govcrrrrrtettt has jettisotrcd the
possibilty of dialogue with society." the independent
union's leaders said after a meeting in central Radortr.

Tepid. Clearance Gained

WASHINGTON. D.C.(Al’) Richard V. Allctr and
William Casey have won tepid clearances. bttt their
rcprieves might be only temporary. While they remain
targets of investigation. President R‘agrrn stands itr
some political peril.

It may not be fair. but presidents do get lrltuned lot
the misdeeds of their top advisers. If Allett is held to
have intentionally filed an inaccurate financial
disclosure statement. trouble will knock at Reagan‘s
door because he was Reagan's appointment.

CIA director Casey also isn't out of the Woods. A
number of senators have questioned his candor and in.
tegrity. and the Senate Intellrg nee Committee's report
on his business dealings is being sent to Attorney
General William French Smith for tnorc sctutitry.

Any inquiry probably wouitl centei on whether Casey
should have registered as a foreigtr agent when he
represented Indonesia before U.S. government agencies
between I976 and I978. before joining the administra-
tion.

While none of Casey's or Allen‘s activities have
anything directly to do with Reagan. it Would be inr-
possible for the president to distance himself politically
from either one. Allen steered Reagan on foreign policy
during his presidential campaign. Casey managed the
campaign.

 

 

 

 

f:

 

snowman. Adopted"

WASHINGTON: "Duct (art The Wh'rtc’ r’tdtrs‘c'con-
ference on Aging ended Thursday with near unanimous
adoption of nearly 600 recommendations despite an‘
undercurrent of complaints that rare-administration
forces trad rigged the committees.

By the end of the four-day meeting. even 8l-ycar-old
Rep. Claude Pepper. D-Fla.. an early critic. was prais-
ing the outconre. Pepper called the conference's Social
Security proposals “wonderful recommendations."

“Democracy has a way of rising to its proper height.“
he said. “There may ltave been some influence iii the
early days that I didn't like. brrt it all sort of came out in
the Wash. . . . Tltese reports ttre good rcprrtts on the
whole. They deserve. on the whole, ittrpletncrrtarion."

President Reagan saluted tltctlelcgrttes lot “unselfish
contributions and for making the Will r-otrlercttee rt pro.
ductive. memorable ercnt."

More Slashes Proposed

WASHINGTON. D.C. (Al’) I’tcsidcttt Reagan's nest
‘round of budget-slashing rceorrrrrrcndrttitrns will ittcltttle
“substantial” cuts in the gover'ttment‘s benefit pro—
gratns. Senate Majority Leader llowatd ll. Ilakct .lr.
says. ' _

“l tlritrk every one except Social Security is being ex-
amined" for potential cttts. llttkct said or the 27 benefit
programs.

The largest programs lrcirte corrsidctctl for cuts in-
clude Medicare and Medicaid. hetrltlr crrte programs for
tire elderly atttl poor; a rarier ol government pension
progrrurrs: welfare and lrltl(i struttps.

The benefit paytttcnts of these prrrgttlllls rue tlctl to in—
lirrtiorr. and some Republicans lrtrrc streee'stcd across-
tire-hoard changes to slow their growth.

U.N. Leader Steps Aside

llNI'I‘ItII) NA'I'IONSlAI’) Sccrctnty-(ictrcrrtl Ktttl
Wtrltlltcint stepped aside 'I lnrrsdnr' lronr Itrrlhct
balloting for the post of new scctel‘ , ctrcral. llrrt tltc
president of tire U.N. Scentin ('outrcil said the action
did not mean Wrtldltcitn rsrts out ol the llllllllllt‘.
"Absolutely not.“ llt-rtndart Anrtnrssrrdrr
()tuntttt told it reporter who rrskcrl rrhctlrct \‘l’atriltcirn‘s
announcement meant the scctctntr-gerretrrl had no lut-
tltct hopes ol t’llillillt‘ rtrt rttrprccctlcttlcrl tltttrl terrrr.~

’

 

 

trdltll

()Irrtrtrtr. council prcsidvtt' lot l)ct'cntlrct. srtiti ltc lntti
uskcrl both Vl'nldlteirn at'rtd his ‘I lrittl \\'ot|d challenger.
’lattr/rrtriun l~otvietr Minister Salitn Alunctl Sulirrr l’ttr
step aside so he cart consider other candidates and
Waldlteint cornplictl.“

r ’ l I ‘ s r r
The Ugandan envoy said he chllusrsu o. 
Salim's reply after a meeting here late Thursday by the
5I-member group of African U.N. member states.

Allegations Swapped

‘ CASTRIES.St. LuelatAP) Secretary of State AlL‘Vandct

M. Halg Jr. and Nicaragua’s foreign minister swapped
charges of inter vetttinn after a 90-minute meeting. but
“at least We ate speaking." the Nicaraguan said.

“It would be valuable to corrtirtue'ortt discussion. '
Haig agreed after conferring Wednesday with Foreign
Minister Miguel (l'EsCttlrt‘ Iltockrttan following the
opening of tire ()tgani/arion .rf American States
Assembly on this ('rrribbcan Island.

Haig told reporters he got‘ no assurance that
Nicaragua would stop what Ire called its “interven-
tionism itt lZl Strrrttlor ." wltcre leltlst guerrillas are buttt.
irtg'a U.S.-backed cirilitrtr-trriliratr junta.

Tire Utritcd States cttt off aid to Nicatagnu‘s iL'illsl
governttteru earlier this year. accusing it of ltttrnclinc
arms front (trim to the rebels irr trcirrhlrorint: ll
Salvador.

Nicaragrra‘s irrlctrcntiort “is c\tcttsi\c today irr both
training. corrrtntrtrd and control. and tire provision til it.
licit arms." Hale claitncd.

Tire Uttitctl States is “tltc only American courrtrr ltr
have made military itrtetrctrtiort a custonr."d'lzscoto
tctorted at it rrerI s conlcrcrtcc. calling America “ ll s_\lll»
bol of ittlcrrctltioll."

l)'l;'scoto. who will pay an oll‘icial visit to Moscou
‘lItis month. said llrrie told lrittr if Nicaragua itrtcrrcnr-s
itr other countries. it must “c\pcvt reciprocity front the
United States.”

New Constitution Approved

OTTAWA. (‘nnrrda (Al’) 1 itc Ilorrst- ol ('onrtnorts it.Is
rrpprorcrl tllc framework for n IIL'\\ (unatdian cottslilltr
tion. st-ttirtv tltc stage lot the end or the last colonial nt-
hctrreerr lltitnin and Canada by spring.

lltc 24024 vote in l'itlliillllclll's lower house \Vctittcsv
tilt) rrrrs it personal ttirrnrplt Ior l’rintc Mittistct l’ierti
lilliott 'l ttrtlcrttt. lltrt it raised llt'“ prospects of it
showrlrrrtn “till the Quebec scptttrttists who tlcttottncc
Iitc ttctr constitution in a threat lit the local powers til
tltcit l'tcttr‘itvspt'tlkittt' prorirrre in the English»
dornitinterl rnrtiott.

()llt'ircr"s scr'cssirrtllst
otdcrcrl proritrcirrl line's llortrr nt lrrtit—stttll' itt protest.
llis l’nttr (‘lttt‘ltr‘v'rtls trrccts this rrcckentl itr Montrcrtl to
plan srrrttccr. possibly lot at renerretl independence cartr-
puigtt. llis g-rrctttnrctrt. trtcrrrrrvlrilc. \\lli appeal to the
cortrts to stlttclclt the constitution, but it is girctt little
chance of success.

ptcnrtvr. Rctrc l.c\cst|trt-,

‘1’.

 

 

’ﬁ

‘ Campus BRiEfs I

 

Financial Aid Available

l~irnttreittl arid rtppltcrtttons lot tlte Sprinc I982
sctncstct me how lreitrc released to students rrlto ltnrc
trot ptcri-rnslr applied lot the crttrtptts-bnsctl nrrl.

Stttdctus slrortltl rttrrtrerlrutclr ltlc n l-trnrtrcial Aid
from (I All rrith tlrc (ollcec Scholarship Setricc itt
l’tittcetott. N,.l. lloth Ilrc | Al and Si lNYA illtl :rppltcrt-
tions are rtrrtiltthlc itr the ()lltt't' oi lltlilllr'lili Aid. Ad-
ntittisttrrttott lluildirrc I52.

lot addittotrrtl inlottntrtiott. cont:th Rick Instor or
l)on Whitlock ill 457—h'tlh‘2.

Go Bazaar

(‘lrtistnras pills for $5 or less!?! Sound lrt/atte‘.’ It is!
The U.S.-('hitnt l’coplc‘s friendship Association ol
'Albrrnr rrill be holding it s Attnrntl lidltltll.

'l he Ira/tun rrill be held at ('ltrrrrttnc Hall. 405
Washington Ar cone. on Srttrrttlrrr. l)ev. l3 lrortt ltl:r.trt.
to 4 p.rrr.

Tea and :tdtrtissiorr arc tree. and lltctc “ill be
dctrronsttrttiotrs ranging ttotr'r ('ltinn lrtnsh jtlllllllllt‘ turd
calligraphy to ncrolrttts.

0h Christmas Tree I

A ftrll day of holiday lcstiritics rrill be clinruscd on
Sunday. December 1] unit (irnt‘llltll uttd Mrs. ('nrcr
lighting the State‘s ()Iticirrl itlltl l-rupirc State Plaza
Christmas Trees.

The day‘s events begin rritlt rut ltttctttrtttotrrtl llolidttt
Fete itt the plant (‘onretttion (.‘cttter. I-.\arnplcs or” how
Christmas is celebrated around tltc rrotld will be
displayed.

At 5 p.nr.. vatiotrs groups will ptoridc rrrrrsic at tlte
steps of the Capitol. and at 5:30 the trees trill be turned
rttt.

It will be Mrs. Carey's first official tree lighting

 

ceremony as the state's first lady.

Cram Time For Exams 1

Are you irr panic citr because you lrnre linrtlly reali/cd
that finals are less than trro \rccks arvay'.’ Or, do you
lrrrr c nitrorrtntatc \rho \ratcltcs Westerns “illit‘ you strrr|_\
for your Stttts test'.’ _

Well. it you trnsrrcted yes to either question. this
should interest you. llrc rrnritr library will be open for
e\tcrtdcd lrotrts to nccontodrue titc throngs of students
ntt\iously Illllllillt‘ to the i lillill) lrll alter-dinner study
only to be. tlisrtrtrrtritrtt'rllt. er ictcd lrortt tlrcir cubicles to
midnight. l-rom |)cccntlrcr II-ZZ. it still be open until
2 a.trr.

Also_ thanks to tltc cotnlrincd dilig-cnrc ol SA and the
Office of lilc Registrar. l ('l‘) htrs lrcctr ptoctttctl tor the
hours ltl2ftt) p.rrr. to It :t.ttr. erctr Monday tlrront-lr
'lltrttsdrry until the sctttcslct's end.

And. its a spccrnl attraction. l ('l‘) rrill be open trortr ts‘
pm. to ,1 n.ttt. dtrtitre l'lllili\ \rcck.

l\.r\\ lititt sItttlr rttcrts are more nvccssilrlc. tin-rt
slt-rtrltl bv ltttllttllt‘ stopprrtc all tit‘tiitrllt’li strrtlcttts it-Illt
llllllll‘.‘ 'itt‘ books 7 lrc'rrccrt pr/xtt ltrr‘ttks. lntc llll'itl |\
llt<rrirs. j‘I-Irtrls'tllrl'I-Ill ‘illtr‘ , . . .

Fa la la la

'ii» the scrrsorr lot holiday concerts and 'hc llrnrersttr
Sinccrs hrtrc the itrlilri.l\ spirit.

llttrlct lirv dttcvtrorr ol l);trrrl .illllrt\\t‘t. tltc Stu-scr-
uill present u holidnr concert on illL'\liil\: l)cvcrtrlrct .\'
rrt llzlll p.rtr. lti Iltc Red ('ntpct 1 ounce at the littircrst-
tr ltlrrurr.

.'\lctrrl-crs ut the trtrrrcrstrr rotntttttntrr lttt‘ ll|\|ilri 
attend.

Win a Widget

\\‘tdgct Incorporated ctrcs rtrrur then thst itr‘l'
"\\'itlz:ct." Sunday night at the Rathskellat.

Trro l).ls Irorrr \\'l-I Y-l‘M \till he at tile RA'I on Sun-
da). also. ’l' |;_'r.'lltcr. the too orgrtrti/inions are ratsrttr'
trtoncr tot 'lelerlton ‘82 through the spirtlsrtlsililt ot the
eretrr. l:\c‘t)rrttc' is up ited to take it clrttttcc to “ill a ltcv
Widget.

If you Irtrrcn't hcrrtrl ot Widgets yet, the) are hand
painted jars ot candy

' ' produced. promoted and
marketed by an ripper icrcl RCO class.

 

 

 

 

December 4, 1931

Stevens Refutos'Bus Fare Claim _

by Steven Gosset
Physical. Plant Director Dennis

I Stevens vehemently denied Thurs~

day the claim of Off-Campus
Association Director Mark Dtrnlea
that the adtrtinistration is consider-
ing charging Off Campus strrdertts
to ride rl.v SUNYA buses. Drtttlea
claims the Elrarge is beitrg cott-
sidered as a means of funding trrote
lrrrses arid more drivers.

Stevens called OCA Director
Mark Drrrrlca “irresponsible.” and
said he was “taking things otrt of
context." Stevens was referring to
an article iii the OCA
trewspapcr,GeIlirtg Off, irt which
Dtrnlca first publicly leveled tlte
charge.

‘ Dttnlea, on the other ltattd. said

funnier .“
ct amps."

‘lll at K-Mtrtt.

L“

 

Not knowing wlntt to expect. l'wcnt to see “Catching a Rising Star"
last night in the Campus (‘entcr Ballroom. Sponsored by Speakers
l‘ottrtn. the cvetrt featured the corrrctly styles of three “up llllti
coming" comedians front a Manhattan Night Club. Dan l.atlout.
(‘arol l.cil'er. and llill Mtrlrct. l was assigned to table rttrrrrbcr .sevcrt
where I found I’d been settled alone. It's because you're from New
Jersey." a passing (former) friend qtrippcd.

llttl‘trrtutnttcly. this was ttltrrost its funny as many of the one-liners
issued. [tilt the two free dritrks supplied by the Sp'nkcrs I‘rttllttl with
the $4.50 admission ticket helped who the rttulicttcc.

Comedian liill Maltcr. also from New .letsey. "tprippctl." that
“New Jersey is a beautiful state.
rcrcrrlcd his college motto, “if you‘re not wasted. the day is.“
lrowcvet “drugs won't solve your problems but they'll make them it lot

landot advised “Ncrcr get a haircut irr K~l\iart." llc frrttlter took it
upon himself to explain that "the feeling when you tlrircn’l‘oyottris leg

The atrrrosplrcrc was informal its well as relaying and all irt all. the
evening was a lot more exciting than a night itt Ncrv .iersey...or rt ltrrit»

there was nothing new to the idea of
students paying. “That has been
Dennis‘ proposal for the last two
years." he said.

The flair arose after all OCA-
sportsorcd meeting regarding the
bus situation November 24 at
Alumni Quad. Stevens was present
at the meeting.

Students at the meeting wanted
to know ltow tnortey would be ob-
tained to fund the purchase of an
additional bus and the hiring of two
part-time drivers. Crttrerrtly tlrc
SUNYA buses face a severe over-
crowding pr'obletn during rrtslr
hours. According to Stevens. ridct—
ship has risen 20 percent per year irr
recent years. However. lack of

vl'unds forced the elimination of two

   

r31

~ i
[IIIItIII: um Ilrttsclrt‘i

 

.btrt Newark is a shit hole." He

 

—Ilruee J. Li '3‘
J

 

.~«._.,,..,‘..« r"

Albany Strident Press

 

bus-driver positions two years ago.
in effect decreasing service.

Stevens said that lie requested
more funds irt the fiscal l983
budget, but as of now the allocation
has been trimmed to its present
level. '

It was at tlte meeting that Stevens
said Dttnlea asked if charging
students was an option. anti the
specifics of such a plan. Stevens
reportedly told Dtrttlca there would
be many probierrrs to first sort ottt.
primarily that of charging only off-
catrrprrs students to title the bus.
Alrtrtttti Quad residents would be
allorvcd to title free.

University Vice-President l'rt
Fitrrtncc .lolttr Hattigan recently
formed a cotrrrnittec of ad-
ministrators chaired by Stevens to
rcr 'w the bus problem.

"Titer e at c pr obitth 30 combina-
tions of altetrtativcs being cort-
sidcrcd." Stereos said. "('hntgitrg
off-crrtupus students is trot rt major

 

k \

Physleal Plant Director ‘Dennls Stevens

 

   

/7/;
I photo: Marty WIItoe

Said no plans were made In charge fares on SUN Y buses

otte. We‘re trying not to title it our.
btrt on the other hand. tltc commit-
tcc has not yet discussed it."

“i find that ltrtrd to believe."
l)trrt| 'tr countered.

Rclrrtcd to tire buses are priority

'qttestions by those involved. It has

long been tlte view of student
grotrps that as long as the university
does not build more dorms. the
students should not have to pay for
tire buses.

RecOrd Holds May Breach Rights

 

Absence of Due Process Questioned

by Ken (iordon

SUNY'A sttrdetrts' constitutional
lights of due process may be being
violated lr_\ tlrc rrttircrsity
ding to Sttrdcrtt Association nt-
totttcy Mark lvlishicr.

According to university policy. it
student's trcrrdctnic record may he
held pending paytrretrt of bills tung-
ittg ftottt tuition to library l'irtcs.

“Students are being punished
without lrcirtg able to present their
side of the story.“ said Mishlet.
“ACL'ortlitty lit the due process
clarrse of the louttcenth rtrrrcrrd-
tttettl. tlte state crrrr not prosecute
.srttttctrtte without proper notifica»
tiort ol' the cltttttrcs and without a

ilr'crtl r

 

heating."

Mishch worrlrl like to see tltc
university cttttct 1| policy whereby
the students inc t'r-til'icd ucll before
the hold is placed on their records
when cause has been established at
a hearing.

“Some students nerer cvctr know
there is it hold on their records trtttil

University Painting Reporte

by Iluyes Dunslcy

A water-color painting. last scert
hanging in the Campus (‘etrter
l’attoott Room November 22. was
missing by it UAS
November 23 at 2
p.rrr.. according to a ttrtirersity

repor ted
employee

police report.

State College Tuition

WASHINGTON, I).(f. ((‘l'St Norr-
residcrtt strrdetrts at strttc colleges
rrte paying an average of $22fr nrorc
irt tttitiorr this year than last. while
in-stntc sttrdetrts' tuition rose by an
areragc ol ‘iltlﬁ met last year. ac-
cording to it new study ol l‘)h‘l- Will
tttiliort at state colleges and lltll\L'tr
sitics. -
The study round that state col»
lcgcs are charging their ortt-oI-sttrtc
undergraduate stttdettts an arctngc
of $20M this year. compared to
$1795 in twill-10M.

lrr-strttc students are prryrrrg rrtt
aretttgc ol Stilts Ill tuition. Average
irt~statc charges itt lUHtl-I‘tiil rvcrc

UAS Director of Cash Sales
l.cster llytres said he noticed the
painting's disappearance around
IO a.tn. When UAS workers
were unable to locate the painting
anywhere in the campus center.
llynes called campus security.

'I lie police report also states that

$7l2. according to the strrvcy ol 229
state schools ctr-sponsored by Ilrc
National Association of State
llrrirersitics and land-(ham (‘ol-
lcges and the American Association
oi State ('olleges and Universities.

In the summary released with the
study. the groups trotcd tlrnt Iltc
raises rrerc higher than the ltl.9 per-
cent inflation Hth from August.
Will) to August. Will.

’I lrc stttdy also lortnd that while
the Higher iillttcttlirttl Price Index
~ rt measure of the prices colleges
pay irrt goods and services w lnts
gone up [03.4 percent over the last
ten years. irr-strnc tuition rates have

presently there are no known
suspects or \vittrcsscs connected to
the theft.

According to ('runtor ol' tlrc
trtrivetsity art collection Matiio
FllSlliI‘. tltc drawing entitled Bird
Rst'c/m/ogivt was done by founding
director ol the campus art gallery

Escalates

gorte up ltll.‘) percent.

lint tron-resident trritiort has gone
rtp l3l.2 percent over the same
period. I

“It appears that itrstittrtiorts may
be more willing to eottrpensttle for

inflation by raising Ittttl<rcsiticltl'

citatgcs rather than resident
charges." tltc summary concluded.

'lotrrl costs lot both in-strttc anti
out-of-sttttc students also rose. ac-
cording to the report.

Non-resident students are paying
an nrcrttgc of $37M for tuition.
toortt and botttd and fees this year.
up 11.2 percent front last year.

they go to prctcglstcr. he said.
“And if at mistake was made by a
dcpttrtnrcnl itr bookkeeping. tltc
strident rtrtrst lllll ‘nrorrtrd ttyirrg to
straighten things out."

According to SUNYA Assistant
Vite l‘tesidcut ol' I7illtlllt‘t.‘ Leo

 

\ .
pttntn: Luls MutrnIn-nt

 

 

Mark Misltler

frrrv Irolrfrr'rr/irr/r of Ito/(Iv

Missing
Donald Moelrorr. who died ol
cancer in I976. lr'asultr crnplrrtsi/ctl
that the gold framed painting.
which has been hanging itr the
Patron” Room for over a year, has
sctrtitttcrrtal value for many of
Donald Mochotr's l'trrrncr friends
and colleagues.

University gallery paintings were
fotrrrctiy displayed irr hallways all
over campus, explained Fasulo. bttt
thefts of sixteen paintings itr one
weekend restricted the displaying of
artistic works to administration of-
fices and it ravily populated. secured

    

areas.

The ‘atroon Room manager also
reporter] that other paintings have
lrcctr stoletr and sotrtetirncs have
hccrr returned si.\ months later. The
trrainutct added that paintings reap-
pent as trtystcriorrsly as they disap—
pear.

l7rtsu|o expressed the art gallery's
deep concern for Mochon's prrirr
ting, urging anyone who has infor-
tllitlitlll lending to the whereabouts
ol the Iiird I’.\_rrc/rologi.rl to llll'
nrcditttcly report it to tire art
gallctv.

Nerttc. tltc SUNY trustees dictate
to the university a policy stipulating
when holds may be placed on
sttrdetrts‘ records. "The policy laid
down by tltc trustees is ttttrclr trrorc
strict than the policy we now err-
l'orcc." llc strid.

Director --f Student Accounts
llatrcy Ilttllr confirmed that it is a
practice rctptrrcd by the ttrrstees‘
llltlllllilll'.

Accottlirtr- to Huth. the Office of
Student Ar'trtllllls reviews unpaid
bills. and simultaneously puts a
hold on sttrdetrts‘ records and
notifies tltctrt of their financial
obligation by means of rt l‘orm let-
tct. “l lrrlly support the use of this
system. llolrls arc trscd to ctttice the
sttrtlctrt to pay his bill. atrd if it .stu-
dertt is not notified of his hold. it
does not provide rrrrrclr motivation
for payment.” said Httth.

There are a rrrtrrrber of depart-
trtcrrts that have the power to irr-
itiatc holds. These itrcltrdc the Of-
fice of Student Accounts. Financial
Aid. Registrar. Traffic. and the
Library.

Due to the frailty of SUNYA's
system. and the lack of proper ad-
trritristrativc tools such as corn-
ptttcts. a significant rrttntbct of
these holds trrtrr orrt to he
rrrisrtrrdcrstandings or billing
mistakes. said llutlr. ‘

The problem beetrtrrcs that of a
conflict between administrative
tre 'cssin and sttrdetrts' rights. Huth
said the use of the hold itas been
fiscally improving the collection ol
bills. Mishler trraintained that the
student should not sacrifice his or
lter academic record. especially in
the case where an administrative

r mistake was made.

 

Mislrler feels that this is along
tctnr problettt that sltotrld be dealt
with. although no official legal nc-
tiotr Iras yet been ittitiated.

"Substantial research must first
he dotrc to establish validity for the
interpretation that I have.” Ire ex-
plained. “Unfortunately. because
of tire limited resources of this of-
lice. the titnc has not been there to
do that type of work. Priorities
trrrrst be givetr to specific problems
that individual students may
have."

According to Mis'hler. the pro-
blctrr will not sittrply fade away. It is
.sirrtply on the "back burner" for a
while.

 

