t

 

 

'"rrtrid wBrta'eirértemst‘Et i

Need SUNYA Involvement

“1.....‘un.Artur-Jud"

f“ iiiiilmm

Wtw~u~n~ at» .9...

Gabriel Camacho ,

On November 20 to 22, 1981 the Third ,

World Caucus held a conferencr/ at
Binghamton on the question of minority
recognition within the Student Association
of State Universities.

After hours of parliamentary delibera-
tions, signiﬁcant progress was achieved on:
I) internal organization (two SUNYA
students were elected as delegates of the
Third World Caucus to SASU; 2) relational
strategies towards SASU and SA; 3)and on
creating a six-point charter for SASU in the
best interest of Third World Students. of
utmost importance to the participants at tltc
conference were'the critical issues on the

agenda which had a direct bearing on the,

political concerns of the Third World
Caucus. I would like to remind the universi-
ty community of the speciﬁc case of
Guatemala,“the unnatural disaster."

Ever since the invasion of the white man
in Central America (in this case l6th cen-
tury Spaniards), the peoples and cultures of
tltc area have been inhumanly oppressed.

Such examples are the destructiotr of
regional kingdoms. exterminatiotr of
several tribes, and countless rapcs arid
public tortures. In spitc of these atrocities,
the Indian communities of the Highlands
(those of the coast arid lowlattds wctc
destroyed by plantations) ltttvc remained its
a viable and urtiquc society. They survived
the Spaniards and Post-Colonial cra.

Witlt tltc further development of rt world
economy, Guatemala bccaruc attollrcr
resource-rich frontier of tltc Third World
for foreign cxploitcts, causing an ever in-
creasirtg polarization of classes wlticlt cort-
titntes to this very day. A brief period of
land reform began irt W44 with the
democratic election of a popular political
party; however, irt I954 tltc CIA instigated
overthrow of this govcrnmcnt rcsttltcd itr
fascist regimes which claimed tltc lives of
80,000!

To the Reagan adtttiuistrzttion, rcsistuncc
of students, unions, and of Indian groups
ltas been labeled as “Castro-inspired-
communism.“ To the Ladino perry
bourgeoisie, the Indians are sectt rts
subhumnu. To the Church, the lndiarts are
seen as poorly traittcd Catholics. To-vtrlgat
Marxists, Indian cultrrrc is seen as false
class consciousness!

These conditions faccd by tltc Indirtrts itt
Guatemala are unique itt Central America.
Unlikc Nicaragua, ovcr hall" the population
is Indian. Unlike l'lortduras‘ rclativc
resource depravity, Guatcrrtala's U.S.
direct investments are over 300 million

dollars. Unlike El Salvador, there are no
liberated provinces to which one can
escape.

Now back to the Third World Caucus
Conference and SUNYA. During
November 4,5,and 6. Albany was toured by
Marimba K'nil (the Four Arrows Marimba
Band). The group was comprised of three
Indians who were activist leaders in tlreir'
respective communities. Each was forced to
flee to the nearby Mexican border. smuggl-
ing in parts one important item of their
material culture—the marimha. '

The music of the marimba echoed on the

pillars of our campus. Tltc university com-
munity could not help but hear attd scc tltc
sounds ofa Third World country calling for
ltclp. Their message was clear and painful.
Tltesc men will probably never see their
homeland nor their families again. If they
do return, tltcy might find that their villages
have been napalmed.

Students must realize that draft rcgistra-
trort is not a “just-in-casc" urcasrrrc. ('orr-
sidcr Haig's rcccrtt statement of not rrrlirrg
out irttcrvcntiort in Central America. l’ar-
ticipants of tltc Novcrrtbcr lRtlt pattcl
discussion on the dynamics of opptcssiott
rttrtst see how a Tltird World nation Iikc
(itratctnala sltttrcs and cross-cuts tltc op-
prcssiott of tltc lilack. Car I ibcrttr, Disablctl,
Feminist, (iny, Hispanic and l.csbian
student—for all of Iltcsc arc witlrirt
Guatemala.

We must seek to firtd tlrc rcttl causes of
social injustice. lu Ilrc case of (iutncrrttrltr
we can begin by asking: Why can‘t SUNY
untlcrgtaduatcs. gtrtdtralcs, and protcssors
return to tltcit research in Iil ()tticlrc,
Guatemala — a projch that the National
Science Foundation tlccrtrcd as most cs-
ciling irt combining ttlcitttcttittgy, history
and ethnography? ery has tltc Wrrslti g
Post cttllcd (itratctttalan clcttrotrs
fraudulently transpntcrtl, wltilc tltc Ruttgtttt
administration crrdorscs tlrcit tlp»L‘\llltiIt_rt
I982 clcctiorts as rt step towards "tnodcrnlc
tcforrn'l" Who arc tltc rttrrltinrttional cor-
porations rising. (iurtlcrttalrtrr labor, lrrrtrl,
and resources for cspott? Who ruc otrr
politicians that support and don‘t support
politics of cthnocitlc and gctrocidc‘l

If we don't addtcss oursclrcs to srtclr
issues itt (‘ruatcrrtnla as wcll as irr otlrcr
Third World countries, tltctt tltc crctrts ol
Novcmbcr iii at SUNYA (Dynrtttrics or ()p.
rtrcssiort) nttd of Novcrttbcr 20th to the 22nd
at Birtghatttton will have bccrt meaningless
hypocrisy. Rcrttctttbcr tltc tutttirnlta. ’Srop
oppression at its surrrcc —'tltc first world!

 

   

." «.“maw— WM“

lr)||

 

 

QMb'b—A-
p...— . n”-..

,_.. ...-.»Wt

      

 

 

No Case At Art"

To the Editor: -

On Wednesday, December 2, the Cen—
tral Council voted to override Dave
Pologe's v'eto supporting $3.35 an hour as
the wage for persons on the SA payroll by
one vote. Please take notice that the
minimum wage will rise to $3.50 an hour on
January t,l982 and the raise did not pro-
vide for this. Therefore, tltc inequity will
rise to $.50 an hour as January 1.

It surprises me that our student reprcscn‘
tativcs, who supposedly face the same pro-
blems we do, would take such an un-
justifiable action. At a time of budget cuts
especially in ﬁnancial aid, it appears ant-
biguous for our Council to condemn tltcsc,
yet do tltc same thing in another area just as
crucial to pay for college.

Tltcir fear is that they might set a prece-
dent arrd other workers now paid below
minimum wage would also apply. This
would result in a cost of over $8000 for next
year. Small change considering SA had
580,000 left over from last year alone. Also,
durittg tltc budch process last year
stipends for SA offices were raised $500,
costittg an additional 52,000; Where was
debate them?

Another claim, that tltc rttoncy has not
bccrt appropriated and would result in cuts
to over 30 SA clubs arid or‘gartilatiotrs is a
fallacy. With a two-thirds majority vote
tlrcy cart appropriate more money and pro.
vide t‘or tltc raise.

What is (Tcntr rrl Cotrncil tr yirtg to prove'!
Perhaps it is how tltcy cart play games with
ptulituncntaty proccdrtrc and appropriation
of funds (which are our student activity
l’ccs).

Tlrc satttll cost of paying our fellow
students lilt.‘ rtatiortal ntitrirtturtt wagc,
which crct y otltct organization irt tltc
school docs, is only fair. ()nc Council
tucrttbcr said of tltc wot kcrs, “Titcy'tc tigltt
wlrctc tltcy work, tltcy don‘t do arty Itct|\‘_\'
lil'tirrg. I wish I would bc cxploitcti like
that." And ('otutcil rcprcscrrts us?

That tltc tnisc should fail tltc first time
without including a provision for rttirtirtttrrrt
wttgc is bad enough; btrr to otcrritlc tr
l’tcsitlcntial vcto, and thus kill it for tr sc—
cottd tirttc. is ludicrous.

Tltc ('cntrttl Council can ycl tcclil) tltcir
ntistttkc. If another bill is proposcd'to pro-
vide tltc ttcccssury funds for tltc rrtisc, borlr
now and on January 1. and passes by two-
tltirds volc of tltc full Council, it would bc
institutcd. Again, it's only fair.

The “bccl' bos“ is opctt trtttil 4:00 today

it' you would Iikc to csptcss an opinion or
snggcstiott.

ll' CC. fails to pass this bill \s'cottgltl
to do with tltcttt what (‘uundinn Club docs

Lethe

with their liquor; bury th

 

  
 
  

do...
.. .- p v

TS, V

    

em someplace
where no one will find them.
—-.Ioe Rnnni

 

 

  
  
   
   
   
  
     
    
 
   
   
   
   
 
 

   

WWMAEWWW
' err strcttrte to MY tint!

 

  

 
   

 
 

 
 
  
   

 
 
  

/

/// fee

   

/
a

O

    

 

  

Tutorial—Problem

To the Editor:

On November 30] received a very urgent
message from EOP tutorials from its direc-
tor Mrs. Yolands Nix.

Mrs. Nix had selbctcd my name from the
files of tutors because I am an upper-class
English major. Ar Mrs. Nix‘s request I met
with her immediately to discover why sltc
desired my employment.

First Mrs. Nix explained to mc that slit:
wanted library rcsearcb done and dortc
quickly. Tltctt it became apparent, through
her own admission that the research site re-
quested was for a paper to be written by
anotltcr student; an EOP student. After
brief consideration I declined the offer, ex-
plaining that l fclt it was unethical to
research another‘s paper.

What tltc proposed work cntailcd was to
find orrt tltc plots and themes of several
novels attd short stories by Faulkner, Hem-
ingway, Fit/gerald attd Salinger and to
sclch tltc two works with the closest
thematic treatment. Tltcrt l was to find
criticisms of thcsc writings and Xerox them.
All tltis was to be completed as quickly as
possiltlc so that tltc strrdcttt cotrld hand litr‘
prtpcr itt on tirttc.

Mrs. Nix cmpltrtsi/cd that litt.‘ student
would have to writc tltc papcr hittt-hct‘scll.
Right. |~lc-sltc wouldn‘t have to rcad any of
tltc scvcn books and. stories or do any
rcscarclr to support tltc point of tin: paper
which also would be dccidcrl for hint-hct.

Is this at goal of tltc Educational ()ppot-
rrrttirics Program? lrt tltc EOP Fact Shch
issued to all tutors the students irr tltc pro-
gt'artt arc described as disatlvttrttttgcd duc in
part to tltc luck ol’ good education. It
sccrtts. by Mrs. Nis‘s actions, that tltc good
education Iccci\ct| rtl SUNYA by l'()|'
strrdcrtrs consists in having ltorttcwork done
by NY. Stntc crttpioyccs.

This systcnt cltcots all students itttoltcd.
Tilt: l-.()l’ studcnt is chcatctl again of rlurt
good education. '1 ltc otltct studcrttx arc
cltcrttctl \vltcrt SUNYA arrnngcs l'ot tltc
l-.()l’ student's homework to bc donc tor
lrim-lrct.

'l ltc Statc ol’ N.\’. is cltcalcd wlrctr rttorrcy
nilocalctl for tutors is ol'fctcd irt this man-

ncr. Wltalct'ct otltcr' vitttrcs or frurlls tnrty
cxist irt l-LOI’ I must qucstion a systcm than
undcrmirrcs its own purposc.
—Su|ly Liebrurtrr

Beef Over Beef

To the Editor:

I am writing to you because I‘m
\cal'ctl—sctttcd shitlcss. I just hope it's not
too late. I am tct'cttirrg to litr.‘ cstcrrsirc
ptrblic rcltttiotrs borubattlntcnt ttrkitrg placc
on campus. UAS is trying to corttiucc all ot
SUNYA llttll \tc but -a say irt wlrut gocs on
ltctc.

Awltilc ago, a studcrtl mom to tltc .stSI’,
complaining of tltc poor quality ot pi/lrr
scrvcd itt tltc Rat. UAS was quick to tt'v
pond, “Wc‘rc glad you asked about that!“
Tltcy sidcstcppcd tltc issrrc \L‘l) Iticclt.
itcth ansttcrittg .lrty‘s tptcstion arbour pr//.r.
lnstcnrl. tlrcy inl'ormcrl ctcryonc ilt|\\ opt-n
ruiutlctl turd tcccptir c UAS can lie llttti r‘lI
contagcd us to go to Quad lioztttl crrtttttttt
tccs with ottr complaints.

As an c\»Quad liorrrd ptcsidcrtt. I can .tt
tcsl to tltc fact that the loud Sr-rricc t our
tnittcc (on tltc \rlrolc) is u l‘rttcc.

As an RA, 1 lrtrtc tricd to plan ctr-tits
with LIAS I‘orrd sctsicc artd il1l\t’ |r|llltti
them to be anything but rtccotttruodatinr'. .\~
rt mattcr ol l'act. “hell I wasn‘t otcrconrr
by tltc public tclrtrions hot air bcing c\|\r'i|
cd ut tttc, I‘rrori Scrticc ndtrtinisrrruors
bccruttc rrrtlc, insulting illlti arrogant
(basically saying “fuck you," irt public tclrt-
lions tcttns).

l artt writing this letter to alert SUNYN
Do not believe you have a say in anything
about UAS unless a rurrssitc ptotcsl ("1‘ “W

 

 

 

kind staged 'agrrirrst t-‘ollcr-SUNY

w
“PWMra'mmré'. ,

 

 

 

 

 

  

.v.- v,-,- s v . ~v
, 1 s tantrum-"m.-.-n.-.ur;uwa~ . ..‘,..~‘
t r

 

 

  
  
 

:Irr_-.V-.....-...-... s.....,.....‘ “an:
. ‘3». _. g snort/ruptﬂmnum

 w".
. .t w. .1‘j"..’la r,.-:. rm.” ,2:

   

 

 

 

 

   

 

‘ ob'scene, ob'sén, a. Objectionable or repugnant to accep-

 

     
    
      
   
  

 
   
  

 

 

 

    
    
 
  
  
   
 
   
    
  
   
 
   
    
 
  
   
  
    
   
 
   
    
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
     
      
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
    
  
 

 

table siandards of decency or morality; indecent; por-

nographic offensive in language or action- t ' - -
’ , endtn t
or depravity , g o tncrte lust

 
 
  
  
 
     
  
 
   

“New” . .

Nu ,

m. Into
an it"

 
  
 

r~,rrura"““' n .
tItrttrtt‘“ .

to."
Mos .
rw
rtt"“‘w“ it
~ no It
r. Lllg‘.‘ atoll
.,r.

  
    
  
  
 

  
 
 
   

     

(\lw ‘ t I‘
t“. . t
nth“ ' \t -
, Ayn .l\\
or \u 0.“ amt\t‘):\‘fars  ’ .‘..-r.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

