 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
   
  

. I

_ I usic critics, many times, have
been Justly accused of.-being -

 . V iegotistical. petty. anti-commercial. '
pretentious. .,,and overall a bunch of

sublimated musicians who have personal.

vendettas against half the' civilized world.

One of the leaders 'of this movement is a

writer by the name of Robert Christgau. and
his monthly "Consurn'ersGuide" colJmn in
the Village Voice has become a staple of
musical snobbery and good taste.

Julius Wordsworth
8. Cori Rambeau

While browsing through a book store this
past month,‘our eyes were caught by a new
paperback ' ehtitled' “Christgau's Co'nsumer
Guide to Buying Records." By means of
deception (and large pockets), the book was
shortly thereafter a fixture in our household,
and this- ensuing Christmas guide to what's
new in your record stores has been brought
about due. to the inspiration we received
from Mr. Christgau‘s latest endeavor. You
should be all too familiar with the grading
system, so here goes. and please, for God's
sake. DON’T TAKE US TOO SERIOUSLY.

>AC-DC - For Those About to Book
We Salute You -

Young, loud. and snotty (pretty funky.

too). We salute the title track.

Grads.- 2.5
Adam and the Ants - Prince Charm-
ing

lf Adam and the Ants made it. how come
Twisted Sister hasn't?

Grade.- 1.5
Joan Ann-trading - Walk Under
Ladders .

Jban has always showed tremendous
potential. but it took producer Steve
Lillywhlte (U-2. XTC) to bring out all this
lady has to offer. Her lyrics have always been
moving, but on this album the music is equal
to _her words. She uses synthesizers and
horns in contrast to the heavy handed ap-
proach of her last LP. and she‘s at her best
on the upbeat reggae song “Romancers” and

 

 

 

 

Pass: Best of Blondie

on the slow electro-pop of "l'm Lucky."
Grade: 3.5
Best of Blondie: Changes Two
Bowie
Blondie's was necessary. Bowle's wasn’t.
Merry Christmas.
Grades: Best of Blon‘die 4.0
Changes Two Bowie 2.5
Black Flag — Damaged
Anti-commercial. anti-parent, and anti-
estahllshment. Black Flag makes noise. and
they kirow it. The album turns out to be a lot
of good fun. aird if you can get past the wret-
cliing Vocals. you'll stand hall a chance.
Goes good with your Wheaties.
Grade: 3.0
The Clash - This is Radio Clash (45)
"This ts.Radlo Clash. we've got our heads
up our ass."
Grade: 1.0
DB's - Repercussion
There's something slightly out of sync
here. but that's part of the charm. The DB's
borrow from the Monkees. the Beach Boys.
aird Captain Beelheart all in one breath. and

 

Great

've found that the best descrip-

1 tion of my artistic role is that of an '

interpreter —— an interpreter of the

black experience." Gil Scott-Heron. an ur-

ban blues poet. is striving to bring heritage

closer to home for a large group of
Americans.

Steven L. Popper 

 

 

as a fantastic composer of some of the most
compelling black music around today..He is
well aware that history can educate the
masses and it is for this reason that so many
of his finest tunes make direct references to
political happenings

He has written "musical poems" about
Watergate, the Bicentennial and Reagan.
and he often employs humor to make his
potent messages more easily digestible. in
the seventies, Gil Scott-Heron showed that it
was not a decade of lost and diffused seri-
slbilltles. He showed that the seventies were
not politically dead.

"My heroes have always been people who

.used every available tool at their artistic

disposal. . .Paul Robeson. actor. orator.
vocalist. athlete. intellect. and Langston
Huges. a poet. columnist. lyricist and coni-
poser. Their point was to touch as many ar-
tistic facets as possible." Along wltli Brian
Jackson. whom Heron met while attending
Lincoln University. he started to paint pic-
tures with words that were to the point and
music that is more than lust background.
Heron firmly believes he has the ability to
represent all people who are fighting against
uppit'ssiott. “Everyone who struggles for a
better life for oppressed people is an ally who
could use any symbol of our concern and
solidarity."

The Midnight liaiiil. so named because

 

 

Heron's a politically sensitive man as well. ‘

 

Scott

   

A body politic: Gil ScoII-I lt’roir '5 music is
laced with a message of hopi-

“even though it seems dark and forbidding it
is the first minute of a new day" is the band
he travels with. Heron feels his people have
come out of the pro-midnight darkness. The
message he will bring to Page Hall on Sun-
day. Dec. 13 represents the light phase of the
struggles for freedom going on all over the
World.

Gil Scottrl’leron realizes the ulluclivuiiuss
of a bloodless revolution and, like one of his
heroes. Malcolm X. he feels that it is Wltilt'r
in America and the snows lit'i\'t' been bloods
turned for too long. “The key to our progress
lies within our ability to support alliaiic -‘ bet-
ween oursc es and Third World [)L’UP

  
    

-t_.‘

 

 

 

 

Fail: Greg Lake

it shows. The tension that permeated the first
record is still there. but the songs are more
structured. and the production is cleaner.
This Is pop in the best sense of the word.
Nevertheless it remains available only as an
import - US. record companies. WAKE
UP.
Grade: 4.0
Bob Dylan - Shot of Love
This is Dylan's first LP In three years that's
not primarily concerned with his new found
Christianity. Coming off the musically
brilliant but lyrically vapld Soued. Dylan has
tirade a record here with flashes of his old
brilliance. but somehow It seems incomplete.
The songs are well-crafted. but the emotion
separating good Dylan from great Dylan is
missing. The Weaknesses are best brought
out when one contrasts the eight other songs
of the LP to its last track. “Every Grain of
Sand." ironically, for this. the first album that
begins to turn away from Christian themes.
Dylan presents us with brilliant expression of
Dylan's belief». The final song on Shot Of
Love leaves us with .i question — will Dylan
tremble to stretch his contentment into one
great albuirr. instead of just one great song?
Grade: 2.5
Fingerprint: - The Beat EscapesMS)
Funky but chic.
Grade: 3.0
The Go-Go's — Beauty and the Beat
. . .l‘ivu months later. and it still sounds
just as fresh as it (lid during the summer. . .
which is not to say that any new underlying
musical complexities have been
uncovered. . .Lct's face it. the Git-Go's are
live girls from LA. who make some of the
mos-l iiu'srstable pop music since the hub-
blegum CHI, . .Two years ago. who would
have guessed that these El Lay iroocllelreads
would make the best slumber party record of
l‘ll’il?
_ Grade: 4.0
Iron City Houseroclters - Blood on
the Bricks
Basically a bar bandfrom Pittsburgh who
to Silliic is the epitome of the bar band myth.
and in others is just another Springsteen
ripoff. Actually it's soiiiervhere in between,
They play lively. 4/4 rock and roll iii the
great tindition. and il lyricist llotl Giushecky
cnir lliilllngL’ lo stay within his own frame of
iufeit-iicu. the l’louscruckeis just might be
able to turn this myth into some money
Grade: 3.0
The Jacksons— Live
OliL' l ii the bust groups in the UliiVL‘iSt.’ puts
out a mediocre round. but then again it turd
to be expected The llilllCttlU (lnlift‘ songs
ore incredible to \VitlL‘li (Michael and his
biuthurs tllt’ choir-t rgitipliers extraordinaire).
and likewise in dance to in h club. but lllt'
Sllt‘lt production of the studio l.l"s is sorely
missed llt'tl' Michucl .1. can still sing. squeal
scream. and gr'nt'inlly drive .r crowd into n
frenzy like only it true superstar L'illl. .ind
WllL'llIt‘l he louver. the gioup or not, his iii
tistic iitltl t‘i-nimeiciul prowess can not be
questioned Still. the live Ll‘ should have
been .ivoideil
Grade: 2.5 ‘
Joan Jett - i Love Rock and Roll

This is .‘r simple review for a simply .rlbiiui

deservedly so. ~

. d
Joan plays straight forward, rock and roll.
and does sound like she loves it (note title).
The album succeeds as a whole. except for
two miserable covers: the Tommy Jones
'lune “Crimson and Clover" and “Little
Drummer Boy." Merry' X-Mas once again.
Grade 3.0
. J. Gulls Bsnd -- Freeze Frame
Back In the early 70's the Rolling Stones
specifically requested that .1. Cells open up
for them. Now it's the early 1980‘s. and like
the Rolling Stones. the J. Geils Band has
maturel gracefully. The new LP sounds just
fine. and the top 40 hit "Centerfold" ls

Grade: 3.0
King Crimson - Discipline

After all these years King Crimson is still as,
!naccesslble as ever. The difference between
now and then. though. is that the innovation
now seems to be missing, Although the
musicianship is of the highest quality here.
there are some overriding problems. rig.
Adrian Belew sure sounds like David Byrne.
but he certainly can't sliig like him. Unfor-
tunately for King Crimson. Belew wins out.

Grade: 2.0
Greg Lake -- Greg Lake
Cest la Vie.
Grade: 1.0
Rich-rd Lloyd — Get off ofMy Cloud
(45)
Ex-TV star plays with himself.
Grade: 3.0
Ozzy Ozboume - Diary of a Mad-
man
The man bites off iioves' heads.
Grade: 0.5
Rush — Exit Stage Left
Burn for fuel.
Grade: 0.0
Soft Cell — Tainted Love (45)

This llmey-robot duo totally transcends the
limitations of their chosen antiseptic musical
genre by coming up with one of the most
passionate and soulful singles in a long
while. What vocals!

Grade: 4.0
Tom Tom Club - Tom Tom Club

If you intulleclualize this record and the
talent that plays on tl you're bound to be iii
for a let down, But this is a party. this is n
disco. this is Stitlit' fooliri' around This is also
the biggest (llSCir ~ new wave crossover
album of the year. and its success stems from
its irrestiblc mid-tempo groove and its
“Veinll silliness.

Grade: 3.0
Tommy Tutone —
(867-5309)”

Van Morrison willi a lisp manages to crank
out one of the gtL'nlL’Sl rock singles of the lost
two weeks

“Jenny

Grade: 3.5
U-2 — October
Polished. swilling. kinetic. intellectual.
and ultimately. a bore
Grade: 2.5
Bill Wyman — Come Back Suzanne

- (45)

The quiet Stone doesn’t overstep his
bounds and puts out a charming. unassum-
ing llIllL' 45. He knows it's only rock and roll.
and we like it

Grade: 3.5
X-lstentials - Darkest Part of Me
“5)

Aiid yet another local band makes good.
ltlif) SDt’L’thilgltli meets the .lt'lfei‘smi
Airplane by way i if the Velvet Underground.
and what comes out is n confused foIniulu
Somehow. the formula works though.

Grade: 3.0
Neil Young and Crazy Horse - Reac-
tor

Mniiy Neil Young lint». will find themselves
tllmtpliirilrlt'tl by hi». l.rit'».l it'lt'nw The son
sitivv suigvi songwriti-i >lr|tlt' of Young's
career has t'lltll’ll for now and In its place
comm. lliL' rniiiiclw il|\l|’llt'tl t-lt-t'trir guitar
sound inudu iii.urilust no nltlt' two of "Hits!
Nt’tlt’t Sleeps " ll wot. grunt their. and it's
gloat iuru‘ ('irw ill point nint' lliltllllt’h w
Nl'll and his». guitar shouting out “.un't girl llti
T-boiiu. got mashed potatoes " l’iolound

Grnrl ': 3.5
Buy: Best of Blondie
Don't Buy: Gran Lake

   
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
    
 
  
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  

he University Theater presentation
of The House of Bernardo Alba is
an emotional. effective interprets.
n of a difficult work. marred by a
niettmes tortured pacing and only a few
ak performances.

Andrew Carroll

Poet Garcia Lorca. on the strengtr o
rly surrealistic farces of the 1920's and
0's. was one of Spain‘s most popular
aywrlghts. With later lyrical. realistic
anias. like ‘Blood Wedding in 1932 aird
ernarda Alba in 1936. he became one of Its
realest. Enamoured with the folklore of the
- anislr peasant. Garcia Lorca set both these
lays in rural villages. taking action and
lL‘lliL’ from the ebb and flow of the
gricultuial lifestyle,

lint Bernardo Alba is realistic in only the
modest sense The almost classical tragedy
ll livu frustrated sisters is set in .‘1 room as
Irinstiopl'iobii' 'nird surrealistic as anything
rlll of Sniliu. Bernardo is mother and tyrant
n this stucco hull. guarding the daughters'
’ttgllllly and the family's reputation.

The first act is somber. as the sisters and
owiispuople mourn Alba‘s husband. ()nly
lit.‘ widow remains dry-eyed. demanding
the some stoiclsni from her daughters. It is
liL'lt' that she introduces Wliiil will becrrmt’
lllt' pltiy's. dominant theme. warning the
Women about wandering eyes in lliL‘ chapel
The priest should be the only mole looked
upon. she says. and “it’ll because he wears
skirts lvir two acts llll‘ daughters sit iii the
stifling lit‘iil. pondering lllL'll virginitics If .‘ill
the mothers lli lllt.‘ villages flit' like Bernardo.
it's .i wiiiirlei' there's .r Village at all
hit.» this SCL’llL' of uiihunrtrblcl sterility rides

 

  

 

is

r l’t-pu El Romano. the unseen gentleman

(tilli’l intending to save at least one of the
sisters. »— Augustin». the oldest and heiress
apparent In Senor Alba's fritune -~» from
Senora Alba's patio. His presence disturbs
lllL' regimen of what lllt' irinid Ln l’oiicia
terms "the convent " As body liL'iil and sex-
unl tensions rise. so do the women's

heckin In With

 

 

 

n

 

.lnrko does l.orcri' Mary McCormick and Elizabeth Wolf! discuss a slmngt’i in The H. rusu
of Buiiinidn Alba. l-‘r’durim Garcia l.orco's 1936 truncation of rural Hpniii

jealiriisii's, and the sisters lit-gin to argue
back iili(l ltitllt

lint this i~.iin "Si-uni lindt’». ltil Seven
liiotliui». " lllitlt‘i the rigid social structure of
tin rural village. and lllltlt'l liviirnidri‘s liniin
llllt'. innriiogt- is .i lllt' Iil slow tlt'iilll |)lti]itis|
iron The mini of lllt' \‘Illritll'. with than lusty
haivust songs and bawdy Jokes. iupit-wni
fertility and it-gi-ni'inti. ill Buinnrdn's syiiibu :l
is the innniiiiiig i'lonlt, .iiiil lllt' ilinlnrrri.»
lwcirint's Vlt'lt iris

Unilvi .l.uk.i liiiriuii's (lilt't'lll'll. llit‘ ploy
gains murlr nut-dud llittilit'llllllll lioiii llll' iii
lL‘lDlr'lV lit'th'i’ll llll' sislr'is There's. .i danger
iii presenting a play \Ullt mo "it‘ll ll themes .uu
sterility and tlt'iilli, and win isv Iiiitll ir symbols
rllt' iiitunw limit. llll‘ bltii'k inuntillii. and a
stiff cone in llit' first act. l’illiliili succuiribs,
Thr- piit‘iiig before, during. and alter the
.llttlt’lxil wits lrriittrlly sir-w it's one thing to
convey tlw inisi'iv ill illitilllt't‘h llillL’lilll it's
.iiiollit'i t-i lllilltt' irri-irrlii-rs of the .uiiliuncu
think it's llit’ll own

Cooper 81 Lybrand

round three weeks ago i hurt the
dubious lititiin of being a guest at
the most unusual cvr-iit of lltt' rob

seeking world ~— an accounting social The
prospect of an evening of fine wine. elegant
Surroundings and intelligent Conversation
clinics up so infrequently around here that I
could not refuse.
Sebastian Caldwell
Spalding iii

AS Soon as we arrived I realized that my
first two expectations were shattered The
square meeting room beneath the l’alioriir
I"' in Mrs jammed with RIDHU‘ (at) bug-eyed
students looking with suspicion at everyone
else in the room The wine was .r rlri-np
(liriiwstu' in liallgalloii bottles l was pl ‘
lvllHdlv disappointed

ill-waver, for the moment i did it'rt givi-
up hope Tllt‘st’ are still llilt'llltlt‘tll ‘dlltlt‘ll
will l was confident they \U'tlllil ilk il -‘It
luridt'sl to engage in th't‘ll. lllt‘leIlllllll t'l'll

 

\l’iNiIlII n with their interviewer». l'liuii'lI W l
unis-ini'd. it should he \K'ltllli inv wliili' ii‘
~|iiv .ind L'lliil with lllt' filit'sl Alluiirv li-iil l'

’- 'llli'l

ldiilti'il Ilil-r I‘lit' tlltlt’ I l \lllllt'||l\ wlrii ll
“uh tiilkrng to fit.' \t‘lltlll irrtt-irii'wi-i lII‘ill
t‘.\"l.

“but oh, Mt Hiirtlli rill \u'll lll'.t' wlml

i-iiiplwvnu‘nt rippiirinriitu's luv you t'lhtt l‘
l‘lr \Idr tiu' \villr .il (lit-rpm» illltl l l»i.iir.l'

"Wi'll [hint] l‘iii ltlrl ilu' pwr» ‘li ttlu» \t..|l
ltllt‘ you I‘m |ii».l llt'lt' ti . out it lnr  vi ii till

illltl Nt't' If (H with lllt‘ kind It i'iillil‘ W“ “"3”
ltwkiiiii lvrl ll vi-ii'IL' llrv iigtit Itirttl wt-ll lllii
sure we can accorrrnioilnlt' V““

“lixvusu int', but. when .V‘ml'“ ""‘IHMV
mg 5. .niu. .1...» (it i you really pay rill ilml I'll" l'
tillt‘lllll 'II to lllk' wiry tin-y talk ‘tl iI-v v--l|

..i.iki' up Vlllll mind the second you we
lliL'iil "

“Wt‘ll. .rh

"Yeah. and l|l((’. is it really important that
VI vu. liltt- (buss iii matching clothes. l mean. |
how this Wl(ll‘ stiipctl' shirt i want to wear
with my pin-striped still i bought .it l’n‘riiivy's
Muir‘s shop for $2”: "

ligliad! Wltiil is the obnoxious toiirliiirleiy!
This can't be happening! But ll is These little
buggers an: as persistent titi a blind puppy in
search of o inill< hidden teal They keep on
trying to suckle on the breast of Corporate
Airwiica but llL‘VL'i think ll is beneath them to
bog
l (lillll‘tl to tiltUlliL'I group. hoping that
pi-ihnp». the last group was a horrible joke i
liti[)lit'lll'tl upon .i coupk.I of women spunk
mg with .r yiriingi'i Iiilt'lVlt‘Wt‘i \vitl. llit' firm

"i inst low tins nine." said tlru iiioiisy gill
ll’ niv ll'll

"(iii runllv " soul tlu- (‘t\"l. mini

“Yin. ll ii'iiiiiids run of (Thou-int Bit-ind
'tid "

"lint ruin» (‘lnitiuni liiinntl isn lllL'iIl dish.

lltll ll \t‘lllt' M
"1 iii \K‘t ii. i .ilunu». gut tlringp lll(l' iliiit i‘inr-
llt‘u'll l l .~'.rii. tk‘t‘ll. just wun'r. | gut
t-rlllll‘vt'tl l'iir |t'..."' good .it my school work
' how .i 3‘. fr lillli It 71: iii .it't'ouiilin'r
l\'i‘.ill\. "

in lllllll\ tli.rt tln-w Ilt'lllllt' will it“

i1 i». s. .r'
lll.l' . lllllllillt' i-iuiniig report».

..r l'lti llllttll
.iiiil .nrvlit»« 4f iniirt' llttlllt“
lJIIlit llilltl it". .ill iii-.t .r \wuil litrlliiriiiirtiun
it It in; tho bird Willt' ltlllll over In yt-t
following

'I In». t'nti't lit'

Int ‘lltlll
rIIlI lllt’l twirvi'isutinn .ilitl lit’ill lllt’
limpin'nt

illitl ih.-ir \\‘lll‘|i i run». 11 my lillth‘ li’l
l was instrumental iii

iiu' \t‘ltllk .rl hir. lillll \'
|l|‘( lHiI In». .ilitl hulpoil

helping lnm trinity lu‘y

Mary Libertuccis' Bernardo was part of the
pit blviii She was iiiipiising arid effective in
Acts Two i'lli(l Tint-u. but lll'l lliil. sit'iitiotiu
in Act ()nv. tipttipim to .i point. stunt gii'w
It'petilioiis

lili/nlri'tli Wt ilfl .‘ilsi r siiiiggli'il In tho t‘lititl‘t’
rule of La l’oircin. lllt' servant l..i l‘oricin is
the bawdy Ililthllt‘. iiiucli liki- lllt' Nurse

knew it ww. lllllt' for something different.

gnllt'iy '

day. Duct-iiibui iii

 

in figuring out lrnrliri tn riiitl such, Thuii.
Wllt'li l gindrinlt'd horn Junior High | become

lilt".l|lt'lll of

l syniptithi/i-d with the, interviewer who
had to listen to this druk. He had a pained
look on his face as if to say “help me!"

 

A litesize. stained-glass piece entitled Sam now sits amid the subtle austereness of
the Yugoslavian etchings. Tire new. colorful addition to the University Art Gallery ls
quietly reserved to a small. private cubicle on the gallery's northern wall.

Sam is. essentially a three-dimensional sculpture created by graduate student
Harold Lulrnei Starting in the basement of his Schenectady home, Lohner only
recently coiiiplL-teil this thirteen month stained-glass project in'September.

“After a low piilit‘lH and a lamp. i felt limited. 1 wanth to work on a larger scale
and get away fioni traditional stained-glass application." ,

The ‘23 year-old grad is. also a Tear lier's Assistasnt in the Beginning Etching
class, He clriiins to be primarily a printniaker. but now tropes to expand his interests
more seriously into the unusual art of stained-glass,

The exhibit nituaily depicts a man watching television while relaxing In an easy
('ltiiti The entire |)i'tlt‘t‘l. first modeled with paper machc. is made of glass. Floures-
cunt light». lllll' llll‘ hash of lliL’ sculpture to keep it fully illuminated when the suit falls
to shine in Iliinlirili lltt,‘ lilll northern exposed windows.

“l'in very linppy with it. l've been doing stained-glass for several years. and i

from Romeo and Juliet. She has some of the
play's best lines. and some of Its most poig-
nant moments. Wolff may have borrowed
too literally from the Nurse‘s role: her almost
Cockney accent and intonations (and her
straight white teeth) seemed at odds with the
earthy Spanish peasant she was supposed to
have been playing.

The other women fare better in their roles.
Deborah Ann Sperry was fine as oldest sister
Angustlas. displaying the embarrassed pride
of the splnster who has captured the eligible
bachelor. Barbara Nolan was variously bit-
chy and compassionate as her role as
Magdelena demanded. and Kathleen .Karl
drew strong emotions out of her role as the
ever-suffering Martlrlo. Most successful was
Mary McCormick as the youngest, doomed
sister Adela. Her powerful performance
made the final tragic act totally believable.
arid nearly devastating.

As usual. the scenic crew continues to
shine in University productions. Robert Don-
rrelly has created a soaring white facade that
seems inspired by Corbuster. it's a wonderful
cvucatton of the Spanish atmosphere. as are
the costumes by the. always consistent Amy
Kirplow

'l‘lii’ llousr' of Bl'i’llﬂi’dﬂ Allin continues
tonight and tomorrow at the PAC: curtain at
8 pm. it's mlttlllf’l' example of lliL‘ chances
the Theatre llepaitiirt-nt is willing to take.
and it IS worth .i t'llilllt't’ on ewiyliody's
purl

Heart Of Glass

 “may "a...

it even seems it. be well received in the

 

'l‘trt' lililtlllt' t':~ lrihit. Wlilt‘li bugnn showing l’illlltfi this wet-k. will iuii through Fri

-— Michael Bunnies


l lull-soon oflur, not wanting to tortt:
myself with ilu: poverty of this situation
\v.r. n». if all the beggars fioiir outside r
liloonringdulcs lltill‘lllUdLlCll SUNYA. Onl.
this time it was robs they were begging for.
not spare change Alas. there is no honor
among thieves. l’l

 

 

