~_4~

.... n—r _

 

 

 

 

WWW-TM mtkwlméﬂuaﬁiu-pw

 

tang toy moot Prob om

Whom Should We Blame?

- Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

During World War it, with a shortage in
the U.S. employment force due to the draf-
ting of skilled and unskilled males for
military service.’ it became necessary to
utilize, largely for the first time. great
numbers of women (both white and black)
and minority group males hitherto limited
within or excluded from much of the na~
tional labor force. v ~ ‘ -

A major legal precedent for Affirmative
Action was established with the signing by
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt of a
Fair Employment Practices Executive
Order trtaltdatirtg the opening of many jobs
to excluded minorities.

The Suprettte Court Decision of l954.
known as Brde vs. Board of Education.
accelerated tlte pressures by blacks, by
women and — perhaps surprisingly — by
French Canadians and ortrers of European
extraction in ttortltcrtt border states and by
Hispanic Americans elsewhere in tile court-

try for entry on equitable or just terms into
all phases of the job lnarkct.

“The national employment pattern has been one related to a
male-oriented private economy.”

units. including that on the federal level.
were advisory. State governments prodded
by federal mandates altered these early
ttnits into forums or courts of a'rtitration.

In almost all instances, however,
remedies were sougltt for specific cases of

non-compliance; and little emphasis was

placed upon the prevention of discrimina-
tiott and tire guarantee of the delivery of
wise and effective services in the context ot
enhancing human dignity.

The national ctnploynrent pattern has
bcert one related to a male-oriented
“private ccotlortty." While wortten ttave
scrvcd significant economic futtctions.
these have been tttostly in sweat sltop or
“contracted” services. and. in dotnestic
rrrtdcr takirtgs which now ttave bccrt absorb-
ed into the “private sector" of our
L'crrttotlty.

As ctrtployrrrctrt ltas rrtovcd from tltr.
lronrc to the factory altd business establish-
nrcrrt. there has been a resistance to the
passage or release of Women from the

 

it soon became apparent that
government rules would be required on a
tedcr'ttl. state. and local basis to create
equitable opportuiltitics for milloritics atrd
“affected classes." including worrrctt.

Further. as the federal. state. and local
governments had become engaged itr tltllt.'|t
greater non-segregated delivery of services
to minorities, it became apparettt that ill-
sights ittto tttittority problems were general.-
iy distorted or lacking atttottg personnel
from tltc larger popluatiott who were called
rrpon to service minority rrccds.

On the local and statc levels. ltutttalr rela-
tions committees and commissions were
developed. as on tile rratiottat lcvcl lilL
prestigious United States Commission on
Civil Rights was established. Most of tttcsc

 

Policy Defended

 

To the Editor:

it is ttot EOP policy that our students
receive suclt services as were described ill
Ms. Sally Licbtnan’s letter of Dcccrttbcr 4.
i98l.

 

flesh -

perceptions of reality. witctltct by school-

trorttc.

As litic Erickson has noted. America‘s
ruosl pervasive self-image is that old white
ltil‘ittll. lllacks attd other colored ntittoritics
rune been among the nation's invisible
p. pttltttirrtr.

iicttL‘c. the movement of blacks irrlo tltc
rttairtstreattr of the rtational (or a state)
economy requires a re-shaping of integrated

ing. by pressure of mandate or by both.
i'ttttitct. other tasks relatitrg to tradi~
tiottal rttirtorities and affected classes in-
cluding women may ltavc special needs. ar-
rrilr'u‘cs or concerns ttot widely and
posilncly understood by business and com-
rucrtrnl establishments required by law to

 ‘ ib®

 

Social Library: '

To the Editor:

i remember. once upon a time. i would
trek to the library to get some serious work
done. Unfortunately, those times are gone.

it is impossich to get that serious work
done in our library anymore. What has
happened here? Where can a-student go to
get soltte peace and quiet to be able to
study?

Tltc SUNYA library ltas turned into a

social gathering place. Students who ask

 

could “kcc it down a little" are given a
response of “too bad" or “l'll talk as loud
as I wartt to."

i don't tltittk it‘s fair to those who want
to ltliiilc the libtary facilities for tttc right
put pose -— a qrriet stttdy atmosphere. if you
want to sociali/c go to tire lounge on the sc-
eond floor or to tire Rat or back to your
dorm.

Let those who want to study have a qtricl
[thth to go to when they need it.

No More Questions

This hopefully will ttot turrt otrt to he
urtottter tirade, however it should be said
before the semester ends.

There exists. however small, a body of
students known as international students.
Ortc is continually amazed at politically and
socially aware students asking such ex-
ceedingly tactful questions as: Are tltcrc
telephones irt Germany? Arc tltcrc really
Eskimos irt lcclattd? Do cows really wander
about irt lndia? You‘re not supposed to
step on mice irt your country? These and
other gents thrown at us ntakcs one wonder
at the supposed intelligence of SUNYA
students.

More perplexing is that orrc day. men and
wontcrr ot' SUNYA will ltold positions of
power and prestige ilt governments attd cor-
porations. When dealing with international
persons artd sitttations. will ttrcy still ltavc

 

sercr then needs on all equitable basis.

The cxnrttplc sltc citcs‘ is highly atypical
and sould not recur. However, i regret that
Ms. Lietuuan did ttot cottre directly to tttc
with her cottccrlts. l ltave been atrd will cort-
titttte to be available to consult with any in-
tercstcd person about the administrative
philosophy and policies of the Edttcatiottal
Opportunities Program.

—Vernon Buck

 " rrti“

‘. id?" .-

 

thch etttrtocelttric visions? Otte sincerely
hopes that this is not what SUNY students
ltave learned in four years.

As for its international students here. one
hopes yott can come up with solnetlting bet-
ter than.“You'rc not supposed to eat pork.
beef, eggs?" or “You haven't been to a
McDonalds?" it borders on tile tacticss attd
incredibly dense. One presumes itttclligencc
ts a prerequisite itr attending a university.

ll"?
l. .

politely if the person in did next cubicle'

— Name Witheld by Request

But such questions makes one wonder.

This is not a blanket accusation of all
students and cases can certainly be made
for other countries treating Alttericans in a
similar manner. But questions asked in sucit
an ethnocentric and discourteous manner
as: Hey. lndia. they still have untouchables
back there? are quite rare. Such questions
are not insulting or discourteous per sc.

it is extremely ethnoccntric to imply
there are no "untouchables" in this count ry
and the linking of my name to my country
borders on the ridictilous and odd to say the
least. '

One hopes that this letter is read more as
a reaction to and less as animosity toward
Americans. ‘
'- . —Subroto Mukerjea

Doughnut Hassle

As finals time once again approacltcs us.
a familiar problem comes to my mind. i ant
a junior that has lived on carttpus (State
Quad) for the past two altd one-half years. i
frequently use the quad cafeteria for study-
ing as an alternative to the library.

Dttring finals titttc. UAS is most generous
by providittg doughnuts. coffee and tire like
for study breaks frottr about 9 p.tu.-12 p.rn.
in tire quad cafeteria.

invariably for eaclt semester I have been
at SUNYA. the cafeteria bccorrres a loo.
People rush dowrt at nine. steal do/ctts or
doughnuts and brownies and leave the
cafeteria ilt a sltatttblcs. Not only is this
totally inconsiderate to those who Would
like sotttc food later. but it also causes it
UAS crttploycc tremendous clean-up
hassles.

Most importantly though. the fight tor
tttc food disrupts the gcttctally quiet at-
mospltete necessary for finals studying.

l tirirtk it is about time that students at
SUNYA begin to act ilt a considerate and
unsclt'ish rttattlter. it is my hope that this
situation does rtor occur this sctncster.

Y ——Name Wiihcld by Request

Faulty Facts

To the Edi-tor:

During my rccettt visit to the Albany
State campus. i read a very disturbing arti-
clc on ttltorials itt E.O.P. As a graduate of
tttc university. 1 was appalled at the
unctlticat editorial policies utilized by the
I Tltc ASP's' lack of protocol and pool
judgement ilt publishing a derogatory rrrti-
etc about a special program. prior to mak-
ing administrative inquiry. exposes the pro-
gram to criticism that few other sectors of
the university would be subjected to. givcrt
the same circumstances.

Ms. Licblttart’s failure to address ltct
concerns to proper administrative person-
nel is questionable. However. the ASP's~ ra-
tionale for not directing the letter to the ap-
propriatc administrators is reprehensible.

i strongly rccontmcnd that the ASP's
Editorial Staff approach publication of
any tnatters of a slanderous nature more
responsibly.

 

~Sandm Townsean

Axe The Coach

'l'o the Editor:

1 must say that l attt shocked and appall-
ed that the Ncw York Jets ltave lost twice ilt
the satnc season to the lowly Scuttle
Scattawks.

. Tltls is a disgrace for arty team that has
iplayoff tropes and Super Bowl aspirations.
. i think it all stems front the coaching of
the Jets. attd that cltttrtgcs should definitely
be made. Why Wait Micltaels has been attic
‘to hold his post for so lottg is lteyorrd rttc.
He Is as safe an investment as ocean front
"property inSoutlt Dakota.

The personnel is tlterc. Now let's see

 

 

lsomc coaches tltttt cart pttt that tatcltt to

 

... .aLMrﬂr—rnﬁtd 9:... sc.,

  

iftlmmziﬂtﬂo - .

 

.3
r:

 

     

. dominant

work to bring a true winner back to the city

of New York.
. -— Michael Lobetl

 

Political Changes

To the Editor:
As a part-time political observer. i ttave

 

.always' found it interesting that a major na-

tionwide political change manifests itself itt
the strangest ways. ' '

Presidettt Reagan has been in the thitc
House for just over a year, arid the U.S. has
drastically changed it 5 focus from
Democratic to. Republican ideals. Evert on
campus. the last likely place you would ex-
pect it'. the . Republicans struck dowrt
another Democratic ideal by refusing to
grant tttiltitttttttt wage rates to SA office
workers. ’ '

if the SA ol'l'icc Workers were crtgaged itr
rtatiottal defense Work. would Central
Cotrncil ttave raised their wages well above
rnrnimurtt? Is this a ratltcr stupid artd far-
l'etehed analogy? Yes —- but ttot nearly as
stupid as Central Council‘s actions when
tltcy refused to pay bare minimum wage to
SA student office workers. ’

 

.. Mark Stone

No Nine Lives

 

To the Editor:

i would like to take this opportttttity to
discuss a situation painful to all of its ——
eats. Painful to those who like these
creatures because of tire people who don't
and just plain painful to the rest of us.

i tttcan. wttat cart i say about an animal
that listens to only otrc command: "Ignore
me!" But i‘vc got the situation well at
hand; my roomntate’s cats flee the roont
cv ytitttc (except when I‘m making my
chicken soup).

All personal quips asidc. I'd like to see all
end to all this fuss about cars (the i love cat
books. tltc l ltatc cat books. etc.) and sec
tltcrtt ptrt to good use — guard cats.

Think about it — who would wartt to
steal from a building with 50 vicious cats itt
lit? i tltirtk tltcrc trtigltt ltc ottrcr good uses
roo. but the rttain poirtt is that they
shouldn't be allowed to lounge arottrtd all
day; make them eatrt tltosc tcrtdcr vittl_cs!

——.lulio Portalutin

 

Give Us Freedom

 

To the Editor:

Let us suppose for a ntontcttt that tttc
Catholic church established upon this cant‘
pus a monastery, that it carefully selected
its students. choosing only those whose
beliefs conformed to its own. that it paid
their tttition and guaranteed to them. man-

datorin by contractual agreement,

  
   

jobs
after graduation. and that it also'determin-
ed its own criteria for the selection of in-
structors and courses.

Would you not object that their presence
undermines tlte university‘s religious
autonomy and that it rttns contrary to the
university's purpose: to provide an environ-
ment void of pressure and control. itt any
form. from outside sources; that is. void
of dogma and propagattda. for unrestrain-
ed frce. creative. critical. artd if you will.
radical tltinking? ‘

Some may. claim that tttc rrtona‘stcry.

‘hypothetical though it is..operts to the stu-

dent new choices. This is true. lrttt...srt
what? it is not the university's rcsports iii.
ty to allow any course for which a desire is
shown; if it were it would have to provide a
course in concentration camp management
if the desire for such a course were demand-
ed. ' .
Nor is it adequate justification to claim
that a course taught by ROTC is just like
another course itt tttc catalogue of classes
and is therefore of equal lttcrit: if this ta-
Iionalizatiott were legitimate. we would be
able to justify the teaching of a course by
tile ClA called “Hotel Lobby Spying tot."
claiming that it is just like Tltcatcr 140.

Support. official or dc l'acto. to art irr-
stittttiott extrinsic to tire ttrtivclsity. Le. a
particular religion. brartce of government.
political party. or evctt a particular govern-
tttcrtt. by this university as an ittstittttiorr
violates otrr own institutional neutrality.

Murry pcrrplc claim that if we oust RU‘I'C
we are violating tltc neutrality for the side
of the anti-rttilitarist. Their presupposition.
and a poor one indeed. is that tltc way
to tttaitttailt ‘rtctrtlalily is to rrtaintaitr tltc
status quo. Absurd as it would be to hold
that those irt favor of casting otrt the
hypothetical monastery arc anti-
ecclesiastical. would it he to believe that
tttosc who favor casting out ROTC arc
necessarily anti-militaristic; militarism is
not at issue.

Wltat is at issue is tltc lttairttcttcrtcc ot
academic and intellectual freedom and in-
tegrity ill the university. and .tltc
maintainance of tire autonomy and
neutrality of tltc uttivctsily as an institution.

——Ricttard Lerner

   

  

'Uihappy Anniversary A

otdltitoteia.

What does America see when it wakes ‘up in the mOrning and stares at itself in
the mirror? Chances are that its face reflects a country old, worn and tired ~—
sick of all the tragedy it has had to deal with. The eyes are bloodshot and the
skin is wrinkled. But deep within those reddened eyes lie pupils that burn with
intensity.

Old and tired. But still mean. How far have we come and. more importantly,
where are we going? Wc'rc traveling on a road but we seem to be passing the
same exact scenery again and again.

Along this road. this time of year seems to be related with the rather horrible
landmark of violence. For instance. we entered this year without the presence of
John Lennon. So very many tttings have been written about the events which
put the Dakota on the mental maps of several generations. The sweet' life of the
tired poet is in suclt contrast to the brutality which made him a mere statistic
that it still defies reason. i

that more can one say except ‘Tis the season. Actually. violence is always in
season. But when one reflects upon tltc coming of Christmas one must also take
into consideration ortr past losses. it seems as if a year can't end without a flurry
of bullets. or without a bang. so- to speak. e .

Eighteen years. two weeks ago. this country’s fiery eyes saw the firing upon
its leader. After 18 years We still grieve. Too ntuch ltas been said; not cnougtt has
been dottc. Tttc brainwash of information does nothing to end the problem.

if further ltistorical example is needed. one need only check the historical cx-
plartation of the event which oecrtrcd 40 years ago yesterday. What happened on
that day itt I941 set vcd to escalate the power of violence to heights once'thought
unattainable. [It a Hawaiian port called Pearl Harbor. America again cantc to

that point irt its full circle of violence. further realizing that the road goes on
forever. '

America should trot be like a game of roulette. For this country and its mode
of thought the saying might well be. “round altd round it goes and wttcrc we
stop trobody knows." if that‘s the case. tlte probletn tics in witcrc to stop. As

ttrttclt as ottc nray tltittk to the contrary. that point is nowhere itt sight and is lit
dartgcr of becoming the point of no return.

Presently. this country is involved itt new violence — as rttuclt in words as in
weapons. Libya atrd tlrc Utritcd States are prcsctttly discussing witctltcr or not
the leader of the learner coutttty is trying to have the leaders of this country
eliminated. is this a prelude or a hoax? No matter. because we’re sure that it‘s
an indication. it‘s a timely tctttirtdcr of our heritage attd a fairly good predictcr
of tire road that lies ahead.

Tttc cycs still buttr. Maybe tttc the will be quellcd when tears lead to the right
conttterpttttclt.

 

 

 

Letters Deadline
Friday is the last issue of
the semester and your last
chance to write a Letter to
the Editor irt l981. Letters
can be dropped off irt CC

329 ltcforc Wednesday

 

“mm...- W. ASPECTS

Eltlbtllltod In 1010

Robert E. Grubmln. Editor In ctr/at
Steven A. Groenborp. Duh Elk. Managing Editors
Rob Edelatetn. Senlor Edltar

  
   
   
   
  
  
  

 

 

News Editor H... Susan Mltltuan
Auoet-to New: Wayne Peeraboom
ASPoctI Edtlon . . . . . . . . Andrew Carroll. Joanna Walnut
Associate ASPocla Editor . . Michael Branden
Sound Editor . . . Hay Catlgture
Vtetan Editor. . Mark Roaster
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Larry Kahn
Auoclltl Sport- erc Haapot. Michael Carmen
Editorial Foals Edllp .. Frank J. Gil. Jr.
Copy Editor . . . . . . . . .. Bruce J. Llabar

 

Editorial AutIt-nta: Both Bltnsar. Bruce J. Levy. Ltu eraballa. Howard Pollack. Stall writen: Bob Beltatlore.

 

Davtd Brooks, Ken Cantor. Sharon Cole. Hayes Dansky. Hubert-Kennth Dickey. Michael Dinowltz. Jim Dixon.

 

GlllEF. t'VE lNFtLTRATED

THEY WEAR UNtFoRMé,
THEY MEET To STUDY
SURVIVAL METHODé,
AND—- GET Tats--
THEY U5E ABEAR,
A RUSSKtE 5YMBOL,
AS ONE OF TrtElR
EMBLEMS. ..

    

 

 

 

A DoMESTrc GROUP! ...

BUT t MIGHT HAVE
A LITTLE TROUBLE
FITTING tN... .

allt Fischer. Mark Ftachettl. Mark Geaner. Kan Gordon. Steve Gouett. Mark Hammond. Dabble Judge. Kathy
Klaaune. Erie Kott. Jltt Lanuetta. Craig Marks. John Moran. Madetlne Paacuccl. Bylvta Saunders. Barbara
Schindler. Mark Schwarx. Beth Sexar. Susan Smith. Jeaalcl Tre-dway. Juach Whltebook. Spectrum and Events
Editor: Betsy campiat, Zodiac and Pravlnw Editor. Marta Garb-lino

Bonnie star-nu. Bun/non Manager
Janet Droituu. Advent-lug Men-per
David Netti Vapltu. Sltn Maneg'r

. . Hady Blotter. Judy B. Santa. Karen Sardolt

  
 
  
    

 

Billing Accountants. . . . .

Payroll Supervllor . Arlene Kattowttz
clanllled Ma . September Klein
Composition MI .. . . . David Book

 

Ir . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steven Golden. Mindy Schulman. John Trot-no, Advent-ing Production Managua: Susan

Advent-Ina salu:
Mara Mandetnohn. Ellen stelntotd. Melt-u

Kaptan. Dianne Glacola. Advertising Production: Michelle Horowitz.
, Waaaerman. Ottch Stall: Jannltor Bloch. Ellen Epataln
have Thanh-nut. Pmduetlon Manager
David Bock. Assoc/ate Production Manager

......carol8ury

  
 
   

chteitypuettal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . ..
V team-u. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . .  ...EllasaBack

: Dabble Barnett. Janlco Ktmmtch. Edan Lavlna, Eileen Marry. Marykata Murphy. uboth Valentino.
yptlta: Judy Amedel. Lynda Benvenuto. Mary Burke. Matte Garbarlno. September Klein. Saratyn Lavina. Cathla
v Ryan. Zarl st'ahl Chauttlur. Martha Halner

 

 

1 Photography. supplied principally by unlvamty Phuta Slirvlea

Chlel Photographer: Mara Hanschat
UPS stall: Dave Asher. Alan Calam. Carl Chan. Sherry Cohen. Mike Fuller. BIII Krauaa. Dave Maahson. Lola Mat-

' labonl. Sue Mlndtch. Malk Nadler. Matk Nation. Suna Stalpkamp. Wlll Yunnan

The Albany student Pleas ta pubttahod ovary Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the Albany student
Pleas Corporatton. an Independent not-tol-prottt corporation. Edttortala are written by the Editor in Chtol with
members of the Editorial Board; policy ll subject to revtow by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy does not
'- necessarily rottaet editorial policy.
C Mailing address:
Albany Student Pleas. cc 329
HDO thlnulon Ave.

 

Albany. nv r2222 I

 

 

 

   

 

 

---n‘\‘; m- — ..—-<n.--

-mg» .. . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

