'n ' 'swqﬂit- vi... ..

c f.-. .._.-.v-

 

 

3

‘Mnr‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

o you get the idea someone out

there wants you to go to the

movies? Standard Operating
Procedure in Hollywood for the
Christmas Season is it blitz the pubch
with a flood of “Holiday Movies." and
to beat them iirto submission with ads

'. and TV Commercials rintil they give in

Jim Dixon

 

 

liaiiirr right sorrieoiie wants you to go
to the rrrovies there's about a billion
dollars Worth of products waiting in the
wings. and a lot of heads on the block if
it doesn't sell

This year. the o tlitpUllllI .. is especial-
ly still The tttt'\'lL' moguls are risking
some very big budgets on dramas u-r
and releasing them right in trrne for
Christmas. wlieu ["tt'ril1lt' traditionally go
frr comedies and lightweight escapist
fare.

Two of ti o biggest releases. Reds arid
Ragtime. are already out lioth are ex-
pensive -— Reds Cost some thirty-five
million dollars. Ragtirrie about twenty-
five. Both are loirg ~ Reds iuiis three
hours and twenty minutes With an inter-
mission. Ragtime two and a half hours
without.

Reds. Warren Beatty's romantic
drama about radical journalist .lohu
Reed and early feminist Louise Bryant.
has received excellent reviews. it looks
so far to have a chance at at least breakv
ing even. hampered only by the fact
most theatres can only show it at night,

Ragtime, based on l{,l_. Doctorow's
bestselling novel. marks James
Cagney's return to the screen. and
boasts a cast tlial includes Mary Steer»
burgerr. Brad Dourif. and Donald
O'Connor. The critics reiriairr urierithus-
ed. however. and while Reds is already
in wide release, Ragtime opens in WldL

‘release on December 18. against stif‘
competition.

Another film liker to face box offng
problems is Prairies From Heaven. a
dark musical comedy featuring Steve
Martin in his first dramatic role. Directed
by Herbert Ross. Pennies From Heaven
co-stars Bernadette Peters. and is said
to feature some lavish production
numbers. It opens today. and the coiri~
petition is going to be brutal.

Two dramas based on Broadway
plays aren't due out iii the Capital
District until January. but are opening in
New York City and are sure to be talked
about. Despite the fact that insiders con
sider Henry Fonda a shoo-iii for an
Oscar for his performance iii Orr Golden
Pond. this story of an old man's rela-
tionship to a young boy in the face of his

growing nearness to death is not likely
to draw the adolescent crowd needed
for commercial success. Co-stars

. Katherine Hepburn and Jane Fonda

 

add class and lalent.hut til It necessarily
drawing pr iWUi

hose Life Is It. Anyway”. which
stars Oscar-winning lhi‘lraid lireyfuss.
faces even bleakei prospects lloliday
beast in audiences may not feel moved
to see a drama about tl iiuadr'aplegic
with a death wish. no matter how good
it is. Nonetheless. director John
l’iadlrarii showed style iir his earlier
films. Saturday Night l"i‘tt(’i’ and
Dracula.

Walter Matthau and Jack Lernrnoii
are reunited in Billy Wilder's Buddy
Buddy. a Comedy that sounds wild
enough to make it The script is by
veteran writer I /\ l. Diamond It's
scheduled to open today

Another wildcard is Taps. an oddball
drama that hasn't had much advance
publicity. George C Scott plays the
commandant of a military academy
about to be closed. Timothy Hutton
plays the leader of tttlilttii nus cadets who
want to keep it opeir While director
Harold Becker (The Onion Field and
The Block Marble) has never really ilit‘
pressed me. this one sounds too
engrossing to miss It opens on the
li‘lili,

Of course not all the Christmas
dramas are in for (1 hard time Rollover.
which opens today looks like a fairly
easy winner at the box office (lane l-‘on-
da and Kris Kristoffeison co-star iii a
romantic thriller set against the \\'t -rld of
international high finance Alan J
l’akula (The Parallax View and All The
President's Men) directed this liliri which
was partly shot right here at SUNYA's
uptown campus A little publicity and
this could go a long way '

Ghost Story. filrrred largely iii the lit il-
lllL’riSl and the Capital District. stars
lrtL‘d Astaire. l‘atiictri l\' ‘itl. .loliir
lli'llSL’lllrili. Douglas liriiihrrrrks. rh .
arid the late Melvyn Douglas in a big-
birdget adaptation of Peter Stiauli‘s
bestseller. As long as director John l|\'llt
(The Dogs of War) has provided
enough suspense and shocks. the
adolescents will go. and the older cast
may draw the middlesage audience that
seldom gets to the theatres anymore
Ghost Story opens between the big
weekends. on the lbth ‘

If you can't sell a [hut Reynolds ac
tioii movie. you should hang ll up as an
ad man. Sharkey's Alﬂt‘lttiti’. a flashy-

lookith Cop movie was also directed by .

Reynolds and opens on the lb'th Front
lltt.’ ltiiilUtS. ll liirrks in be hauled “nth
sex and violence. and should hL‘TrIlU oi
the easiest hits of the season if you're
counting. it‘s Reyrir vld's tlrrid riio\ie this
year

Another east. sell ought to be
Neighbors. 'a comedy starring John
Belushi and Dan Aykroyd. Opening fr)‘
day. Neighbors was directed by John G.

will turn out in droves for this one

Opening on the 15th. Absence o/

Malice. written by former lietrort l-‘ree
l‘rr'ss edrti Ii l\'uit l.eudtke and directed
by Sidney l‘h'ltl. the drama about
abuses of iouirialist‘s power has per-
fl ‘litit'tl well in limited engagements and
received good reviews l’ollrick. one of
Robert Redfoid's favorite directors. has
C’L’Il successful with similarly cynical
subject matter ttt films like The Wire We
. . ere. Three Days of the ('oiirloi, and
llie lllr'ctrtc lloiseriiiiir
hile some observers are worried

about the supposedly shallow (lllllNllllrlﬁ
audience gr-iiig for a glut of rlrrirriris. it
should be ieriieiiibered this summer
they were land with stirrin escapist
tttir\‘lr‘s like Raiders of the lost /\i'l\.
hiripes. and Supeiirirm ll The tuning
may be perfect for some serious
heavyweights

Should audiences prove ready to sink
their teeth  and their wallets  into
some more substantial films. we might
at long last see more producer's willing
to ~take risks on non~ado|escerrt
protects, I

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 

Ai'tlrlseri (Rocky). and was adapted'
from lliomas Berger‘s novel by MASH
alumnus Larry (‘relbart The adr rlL’SCL’HlS

 

. mmﬂfﬁ‘mﬂi'm straw 

- 1: {1531’ lt'm" ‘3":

laying guessing games with
Hollywood movies is always a
dangerous prospect. but tlrts
time i think i have a real hold on halo of

. the Christmas releases. l have a feeling

that Whose Life is it Anyway? and
Neighbors are both going to be losers
and my feelings are based on more than |
just spite and Intuition.

While they were preparing for the
film. Richard Dreyfuss and Director
John Badham decided to take a hand at
the stage verlslon of Whose Life in order
to enhance their understanding of the
project and work out kinks In their inter-
pretations. They chose as the sight for
this extravaganza the Williamstown
Playhouse in Willianrstowri.
Massachusetts. 1 was one of the unfor-
tunate members of the audience,

I will admit right off that l'ni not one
of Dreyfuss' biggest fans. It seems that
he gives the same pompous. arrogant
performance in everything he does.
Whose Life did nothing to change that
opinion. in fact it solidified it. Dreyfuss
overzrcted himself into quite a sweat I
must say. Never did he allow anything
reserribling a subtle rrioment or a quiet
thought to pass between himself and the
audience. Some people thought he was
ust playing every scene for what it was
Writ'llt. i thought he played them for

ii addition to risking big budgets
on heavy dramas. some iriovie
producers are bucking the
adolescent escapist trend by making
movies. that. to be polite. are not about
young people. While l'laiiisoii l'ril(l.

. Burt Reynolds and Christopher lfeevr

aren't teeny-hoppers. these mainstays
of the suiriirier screen are being replac
ed in some projects by elderly casts.
Ghost Story. for example. lurt‘urcs
only two young perfoirriers (..iaig
Wesson and Alice Kirge. both relative
unknowns ~ in a cast that ltIt’llltlL‘H
Fred Astaire. l’atricia Neal, .lohn
l’louseninn. Douglas Fairbanks -lt , itltt
Melvyn Douglas. Will the voting no
.lieiice (whose average member is bet
chu twelve and twenty six) line up it
see a cast as old as their grirtrdlriireiiis"
They'd better ('iliosi .‘iioiy isiir the
‘only filrrr on the line On (irrlflt‘it l’oiirl.
SH far critically acclaimed. features
Henry Fonda and Katherine l lephutii iii
a story about an aging couple nearing
the end of their lives. Based on an ac»
I Claimed play. the production is loaded
with talent: The young audiences may

 

  
   
  
  
 
   

more than their worth.

'Brian Clark's script (he is also doing
the movie) is not really all that in-
teresting. but it does provide a possible
tour de force for the actor or actress in
the lead. in telling the story of an artist

who. after being hit by a car becomes a .

qu'adraplegic Clark allows a wide range
of emotions. none of which Dreyfuss
seemed to utilize. His range stopped
after pouling and self-pity.

It's difficult to criticize what Badhanr
did with the play since there really isn't
much the director can do with it. All the
action takes place in a hospital roorrr
with the bed as a focal point. The sets
were good arid I could see everything so
I guess l’ta(lllr|lli did alright.

With the filiir. however. he is faced
with an entirely new set of problems,
Word has already leaked out that iii an
effort to make the play more cinematic
Bildltitiit has chosen to include scenes
«f the artist before he is crippled. This
could well prove disasteious since one
of the play's few strengths was its sense
of r‘litUSlrtipltirliiit.

It is of course possible that Dreyfuss
and l’radliam can overcome the pi i
flaws and make Whose Life a success.
But considering the smug attitude
Dreyfuss exhibited in interviews at the
time  l doubt it,

 

.rot be able to re 1 . I
rir‘rddleaged audience that it might ill)

‘teal to doesn‘t go to the movies,

The best~l<liowri names iii lr’agtinie
"‘ Zone
‘lmnderf‘ili-rb tytf interest to older arr
drences. The younger stars
Steenburgeu and Brar
have as much marquee
burgeri's Best Supporting Act ‘ i
on ~Melriiri and Howard riot wrtlistaii
( .
‘hllflren there's Jack I ‘
Walter Maithau. whose liltttirltt. ..ri
tltt‘trtt' rs olr er than
twenty six audience.
lrlrii they're starring In.
A one
Most of the hot directors. whose

you saw
years younger

lf these olde
mass that
‘ltillywood is in for
unusual Christmas.
new year could see so
in the studio offices.

late to this. and the

. .
and Donald ()(.oniror

~ Mary
l Douirl _doiit
value. .‘steenr
ress ()sczir

Letrrnioii and

the iwelu to
in addition. the
Buddy liitrlr'ly.
Wits (litt't‘lt‘tl by Billy Wilder. who at l.)
of the oldest \vorkiiig driertors.
lltt i. res
all srrinrrrei. are thirty to loity

i artists can capture the

is. young audiences
a very merry and
if they don't. the
me last shuffling
— Jim Dixon

Neighbors poses an entirely different
set of problems. While I think it will fall
as an adaptation of Thomas Berger’s
novel. it may Work as something else.
Berger's novel is about middle age and
the way a 4‘) year old man reacts when
confronted. in a rather violent and ab-
surd fas'iioir. with the vast differences
that lay between himself and a younger
generation. It is a very funny book. but
‘Jllitttiill’ly Keese is a sad. lonely.
pathetic innit.

rlttllli l‘leluslii has been cast in this role
and therein lies part of the problerrr. The
casting of Belushi arid Dan Ackroyd.
who in the book is 20 years younger
than Keesr- is unusual. The book is so
it :oted iii middle age that it's disturbing
that the producers chose people with
'such youthful appeal They apparently
thought that since Reds. Ragiiiiie. Brid-
dy. Buddy and a number of other
('llriistmas lilnis have middle age appeal
that they could corner the youth
market

It seerris doubtful that in a teen-
oriented (Tlir‘rslirrris release the book's
rich insights will be transferred suc-
l‘L'EiSftllly. but it may Work as air absurd.
slapstick comedy Then again. that's
{vlrat they said about Will Only time
Will ll'll —Mat'k Hoosier

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

 

 

