 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

m'ﬁgi’f‘é’wri-bér‘fi‘i‘ﬁi“
TWO. Years" _ _
Before TheMasthead

I ' Th: question came up: Should this be a serious piece? The kind that induces one lane
ear t at slowly inches its way down your cheek and tails Into your mouth? Theklnd that
:ygtgesptlkace on Earth ior this upcoming holiday season? The kind that edllrrrializes the
ha ep t e nation as well as the world —» and pleads for humanity and brotherhood while
i eres a looming Mid East crisis and a national recession?

No. i thought. That's too dry -— too bland. Perhaps a little ditty about the pending finals
wick. Suggestions for taking it slow? For relaxing and not making drastic liie decisions
(5 ould l llymp or just take all oi those pills?) Maybe an apology to my irlends and teachers
for being out to lunch" this entire semester?

Theres always the “say~goodbye-to-SUNYA-ior-the-wtntcr type letter. The kind that
srftggests you reflect over the vacation. Make New Year's resolutions that are realistic instead
a) just the routine l m going to get a 4.0 next term." Drive saier and rekindle your iamin

es.

Too mushy — too trite. T 4

i could be sell-serving and use this space to say good-bye to the ASP ~ the object oi all
my tint; and intzredst tor the last two years. My home oi sorts —- the place that introduced
me o e most e icaied and loving iriends. But is it reall iatr t tl ’ '
pm in a gloriﬁed pemmal? y o re general audicnce .o

i decided to look at II this way -— the semester is over and so is this letter.

Good luck one and all,
Joanne Weiner

Harder tlzian saying goodbye to an institution Is saying goodbye to a iriend J'ol) changes
Du _ g . .
y ge use. to have to get used to — but one can never get used to leaving behind the
people you ve grown close to on the job. '
A r _ .
S attc: ii there ever was a place to grow close. it's this godiorsaken one. i run the risk oi
fprI rang my arm with the iollowrrrg pat on the back. but here goes: these eight pages are 'r
or - ' “ " ' '
semye lour fper week ordeal t At least! we usually cry at this point). every week oi the
’au h: er. orty routs Ioi writrrrg. editing. slicing. pasting. waxing. crying. screaming
9 ng. pou‘t‘ing. hugging. lighting. bitier A just so we can sit back on a Friday afternoon
and wonder. What about next week?"
(in thgough that every week and sci: ltow easy it is utter it's all over to say goodbye to
rrj'aizle t ekrnadness rs over. and that there'll never be another five a m walk across the
 i par Ing lot. a lour a rrt hreaklast in Jerry's. a (i am. bug in the composition roorrr
s not easy at all. But I ll do the best i cart. as i stay up here for another year. hr rpiiig l‘ll
meet a colleague 5o supportive. a friend so special
And whatever else I do i | '
, rope lll never lose sight oi one lrct n
either. Jo. Remember: ‘ > ‘ “! li'IDi' you irrver do
“It's good to he the erlitor!"
See ya next semester.

Andrew (Ian: vll

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

CD or FM

Prince Charming Contest

AHA" AM THE ANTS

   

Get a 91 FM button
Get spotted wearing the button
for a chance to win:
Dinner for 2 at Turf Inn
AND
Pass to J.B. Scotts for
February

Listen in . . . for details

 

 

 

 

bMMMMMMMMMMMMM

ZMMMMMMMD 6WD

UNIVERSITY THEATER
PRESENTS

The Final Performances of
' Garcia Lorca’s

“THE HOUSE OF BERNARDA
ALBA”

Lab Theater Performing Arts
Center

Tonight 8: Saturday

$2.50 SUNYA Tax Card
$3 students/senior citizens
$5 general public

457-8606

::...beauty and intelligence.”
Marvalous performers...."

‘I
Amy KODIOW'S costume design is the achievement of

the evening”

:Jerome Hanley’ lighting is masterful...."

Robert J. Donnelly's set is impressive."
Bob Goepfert. Knickerbocker News 12/8/ 81 ,
WWWWWWWW “

 

 

 

 

 

High '
Hopes

(Part 2)

iatn't gonna let you go that easy
You've got to say you loue me ton.
I Teena Marie

Two people are seated in a living room.
neither one oi them is very sure what is
about to happen. John Spencer had been
at home when Mary Fuller knocked upon
his door. Jolin.ls a writer who lives with
his brother Steven. Mary Fuller is the apple
of Steven's eye: she is also a very troubled
and vexed woman.

Some secret plague has beiallen Mary
and now she itnds herseli about to “spill
the beans." She hasn't given John much to
go on. in tact she has been so closed that
John has had to “pull teeth" in order to
get the little insight he has been able to
come by.

John wonders it he has a hysterical
woman on his hands. His main concern is
to keep Mary calm until she has a chance
to unburden herseli.

Mary knows that she has told John "too
much" to turn back now. So she gathers
her strength and begins to speak. “John.
as you know. Steven is in love with me."
At lirst her voice cracks but as site
continues her teat begins to fade.

"l'trr aware oi that iact. Ms.

Fuller. . .excuse me. Mary How does that
relate to what is troubling you?"

"For not sure Steven tealims that I'm not
in love with him." She seems relieved as if
a great burden has been liiterr ironr her
shoulders.

"Steven is a big boy trow Why should
what you've told me cause you to be so
disjointed?"

“BL-cause Steven asked me to nrarr'y ltirrr
last week, I told him I needed time to think
about it. lint the truth oi the matter is that i
love you. John,"

Needless to say. John is somewhat taken
aback. Until llitb woman appeared at his
door the only contact he had had with her
was through Steven's comments about her.

“John. didn't you hear what I said? l'nr
in love with you "

"Mary. i don't even know you. We've
never even met beiore today. How can
you possibly be in love with me?"

“Love doesn't require time. it only
requires tWo people willing to love. i know
you don't love me now. but in time all that
can he changed. I'm sure you'll come to
see this just as I do," /\ smile comes over
her lace. A smile that seems to mock
John.

John rises lroirr his seat and walks over
to the bay window. His eyes look at the
same scenery that earlier had given hint
reason to be hopelul Now his thoughts are
racing. trying to piece together what has
happened In a matter oi hours his wrrtl(l

' has been turned upside down by a woman

that ntrtrl today he had never met beiore.

Suddenly .lrrhri lltt(l\ himself in a
situatii in that can br- best described as a
liit‘HH .lolrti lliith hour the tht(ltrW and
tar UN Marv Miller who has lili'lil'tl towards
lrrrn

"Mary. to any llir' lea-ti. you have leit ine
“itit‘t't lilvss l'in not about to argue \i'rtlr
yon. however ‘r'on ‘rt’i'lll to ltitUt'rlrlr'ltlt' up
your tlilli(l .t‘. Irv what you want "

"I kin-it yr tn Would we il my way giwn
a llllll' lllitt‘ to tlnirh about tl "

"Mary. i didn't my that I'm writing to u:
along Willi your \lt"rl|t'\ Steven is rrry best
inifnd a.» well a» my brother i could llL’Vt'l
do anything that \vortld lmrt him "

"No one is asking you to hint Stew-n
Why, you said \Jotnwll that he is a big boy
Iurw llt"ll get ’r\'t’l tlii' pain and null tlrlllt‘

 

e PERSPECTIVES

to realize the correctness oi it all."

“Mary. 1 think you should leave now it
you had your say. | suggest you think very
seriously about the situation you have put
Steven and nryseli in."

“John. I think you are overreacting l'rrr
only trying to resolve what i see as a
delicate problem."

"What you see as a resolution is only the
act oi a spoiled. cynical adolescvnl Your
behavior is more beitittng oi a whore than
any'respcctable person "

“John. did anyone over it'll you that you
are cute when you are rnad'.’ Anger itis you
very well. I like it."

“Ms. Fuller. please remove your
presence from my home below l'in iorcud
to remove you physically."

“All right. John. I'll leave lrul you'll be
seeing me again."

“Over my dead body 1 will "

“We'll see John . . we'll see "

W

Better
Watch

Out


lt's December 24th. Christmas live.
Everything lies quiet and still. covered by a
white liozen blanket Little lirlgrir Jr. and
sister Sylvra have just been tucked itr tor
the night atrd are dreaming happily ol
sugar plums and randy canes Father lies
Ill bud smoking lll‘r pipe and mother hos
happily next ‘ r him darning the lamily's
sot ks /\~ liltti‘ passes and the clock strikes
twelve. Morn and ltad snrili' happily at
t'rlt it other. inirr oil lllt' lights and rtlt‘ won
last .tsli'trp l'hr' honw is silent. not it
th'illlllt' is Nllliltttt not even the lr'nrtily's
qudi-rr lahta'lor tt‘ltlt‘Vt‘l. Mnllrrr

All oi .r unddr'rt lllt‘lt‘ in .i thntrrp hunt
the rooftop llri'li Ntlt'llt r' This is itrllirWt'tl

by a rustling horn \k‘llllili lltt‘ i'lnrnin'y..
cloud trl blarh wilt and the tl[)|)k'rtltliitt' oi a
short. plirrnp. lli’riltlt'd old man winnlritl a
lnrrny red suit and carrying a pillow cara-
winiit'd to tho littlir wilt all sorts of

Irn'iclrr'inliw

 

December. 11, .1981/patre 3a

 

/

\9/

\\\.

 

Most people tend to overlook this yearly
occurrence and dismiss it with a casual
“Oh that's just old St. Nick doing his
thing " What do we really know about this
stratiger garlic-d person who year ailer
year ioices his way into our very homes in
the dead oi the night? Clearly. this is not
nortrral behavior So to get a better
understanding ol what motivates an

individual to behave in this manner I visited

with and spoke to a prominent psychiatrist
who l hoped would enlighten me on what
i believed to be an .tbnoririal and perhaps
even dangerously (listurht-d individual,

Dr. Susan Gladstone is a psychiatrist oi
iriuch renown. At the present time she is
rnVolved in rut-arch in the area oi
abnormal bel‘ trior in social deviants l
approached l)t Gladstone and gave her
irry description ol the person in question. l
lound her response to be very interesting

"This individual." she said. “is stiiiuring
irorii a highly developer! obsessive-
compulsivo behavior pattern l'll!‘ mania to
make these yearly sojonrns demonstrates a
deeply ingrained neurosis which is
potentially verv dangerous " Deeply
interested. but still utterly coniused. l then
proceeded to ask her what Wirttltl cause
such behavior in a person

“This individual." she continued. “most
likely had a very lonely and isolated
childhood, Growing up in such an
environment one develops a longing ior
ailectron The implementation oi this desire
ior aliection would take place iii a iasliioii
contiguous to the individual's view oi
himseli This sell»view is tainted by
continually exhibited delusions oi grandeur.
The subject wants to he loved by everyone
and rationalizes itr his own rtrind that the
only way in which to be loved by everyone
is to be a giver oi gills A grand idealistic
illusion oi hinrsoli is iorined and it is on
these ionndatiorts that the personality is
built

The danger hrs :'t that a personality built
ill thoso grounds is very unstable and
relies heavily on an expanding iield oi
aiit'ctiort When the allt'clion reaches a
plateau. lilt‘rlirtliirit. anxiety and hostility
are the end results "

I tliankrrd ltr (ilndsionr' and lull her
oiirt't- shot kcd at what l had just heard.
'l'hat litilllllli‘» nport millions oi families were
letting a potentially lrirlinicidrrl maniac into
their lillliit“r was hon-.i'ying ior llit.‘ Io
cornpt'eln'nd Sorpirtltingi must he done
lrrviore catastrophi- trt‘t‘iii‘- 'l'hi’ Illilll in t'vil.
lli‘ is sick and must he treated accordingly.

>What | suggest he tltt'it' is the quick and

gentle apprehension oi this man. and lot
him to be taken inio custody. l'tn'stir'c a ,
plat u Hitlltl lll’ li‘tilli'l llil lrnn In a state

operated home for those individuals with
such problems. '
Yes. there is a Santa Claus and he

1 needs your help. He is a disturbed.

potentially dangerous old man. Do not be
put cit guard by tits Lolly manner and
brightly colored garb. They are only
wrappings on an explosive present!

Have a Merry Christmast

. I III
'lhiﬁ genth anfession

Write 

.On

'

The iollowtng is just a list oi thoughts .
and advice on various subjects that may
prove useful as we approach'the end oi
the iltsi semester.

Tllilng Ill Incomplete

it you want an incomplete you're going
to have to beg tor it: there is no tinre ior
dignity when we're talking about grades.
However. there is a way to beg without
being totally humiliated Tell the proiessor
in question that you have to have an
incomplete because you've become so
interested in your paper topic that there's
no way you can do it justice in a hurried
paper. though oi course you're willing to
try. Teachers Irate the thought oi thwarting
knowledge so they won't take you up on
this last oiier. But it they do. just remind
them that you said it wouldn't be any
good.

Next semester all you have to do is run
iirto the proiessor's oilice and talk in a loud
hurried voice about insight Teachers all
want to have a brilliant. young published
student as a protege. They'll be more than
happy to encourage you.

Essay Exams

1) Teachers always tell you to answer
the question that is asked. This is not
always possible because quite oiten the
questions asked are stupid. In such a
situation give your best answer in any
question. It may not get you air “A” but it
it's well-written you'll do just line. Teachers
hate to see good writing go unrewar'ded —
they think its demoralizing.

2) If God had intended people to read
boring (>00 page Russian novels She or He
or It would never have invented Monarch
Notes

3) ll God had wanted to encourage
independent thought Site or He or it never
would have developed Forwards.
Alterwards of Norton Critical Editions.

4) Always save the essay you know least
ior last. By last i mean 2 minutes or less
beiore the exam ls scheduled to end. As
you see that time is rnrrning out. just write
down a iew words or thought to prove to
the teacher that you really could answer
the question. but you just ran out oi time
because you were being so thorough on
the other questions.

5) It is possible to pass an essay exam
even it you only know the answer In one
question. For example. on a history exam
it all you know is the Russian Revolution.
relate everything back to it. it there's a
question about Napolean say Napolean is
similar to Stalin in a number oi ways and
spend the rest oi the essay talking about
Stalin. Again. this may not get you an "A".
but these are desperate times and passing
with a "C" is better than not passing at all.

tr) This itnal point is the most important.

Essays are limited iir both time and space.

remember this and use it. Having only

.30le) rrtinutns (including time to do the

outline all pruiessor's tell you to do) in

answer a question means you have to gloss

. over as much as you can as brieﬂy as you

' can. This is your chance to be completely

l superilctal and be rewarded lot it -~- what a

 

 

t wonderful gilt.

 

