  

 

' - renaissance happened this past
A weekend at Page Hall. A newer.

.L:{go.va-Iaa‘fijifbtﬁw‘yﬂty'dﬁmidammit-who

 

'. '. v.  3' ml

more rock-oriented ensemble
ascended the .stage and begutled the au-
dience with their classically inspired music,

talent, clarity and finesse. The result was a §

concert that astounded those who had never

heard Renaissance before and reassured a

those of the older fans who were a bit wor-

ried based on the content of the new album ‘

(reviewed In Friday's Aspects).

Geoffrey Steele-

Since the prologue act didn't show,
Renaissance provided their own "Prologue."
the title track of their first album. This first In-
strumental piece highlighted Michael Dun-
ford's work on the twelve string acoustic
guitar and the traditional six string electric. It
also showed up one of the true treasures of
Renaissance. that being Jon Camp and his
undeniable brilliance with the bass guitar.
Camp played this Instrument with nothing
short of genius. at times actually performing

 

 

 

 

‘ the lead guitar function on the bass. During

the song "Running Hard," Mr. Camp left
everyone in the dust as he weaved a bass
tale with Incredible grace and clarity. Hts
backing vocals added depth to the newer

' The Cars In Low Gear

ver since the early 1978 release of

E their groudbreaklng self-titled
|p.the Cars have been looked upon

as pioneers in the field of slick, new-wave
pop. The first album presented a wide varie-
ty of danceable. agreeable and slightly kooky
tunes to an audience not quite ready for the
likes of the Clash or the Sex Pistols. It Is the
Boston-based band's best selling album to

    

fr." ﬁdﬁgrfgﬂggypﬁgr «yme we;
Waiter Heifer

The subsequent releases of Candy-O in
1979. and Panorama In 1980 also garnered
high-volume sales. but the Carsrnow had to
defend against charges that their’music had
become isolated and emotionless This at-
titude was reflected In allegedly cut-and-dry
concert performances that drew thousands
of fans but sent them away disappointed.
The release of. their fourth lp. Shake It Up on
Elektra Records. does little to alter this im-
pression, though It offers a bit more of a pro-
gressive sound. ..

The album opens with “Since You've
Been Gone." a playful little ditty obviously
intended for single status. The tone Is giddy.
creating the suspicion that the Cars have

 

 

  

 

 

   
   

Michael Dunford. Annie Haslam and Jon Camp-stunned a sell-out crowd Saturday night.

material that was so lacking on the album.
His depth of expression In both cases was a
true joy to behold.

But without question the evening belong-

flnally produced the true successor to the
“famous first" album. All such hopes are
smashed, though, by the title cut. which is a
dreadfully lame pop tune in the manner of
the Stones’ “She's so Cold." “Shake it Up"
features some of Ric Ocasek's dullest lyrics
and a chord progression that would make.
R.E.O. Speedwagon yawn. Such is the
Jekyll-andHyde personality of side one,
although one bright spot is. “I'm Not the
One." the Cars‘ prettiest (if such a term can
be applied) srrrrg since "You Wear Those
Eyes" from Panorama .

The second side Is going to find more
playing time on the turntables of true artsy
rock lovers. The four songs that close the
album feature playing times of around five
minutes (in the past most songs were 3
minutes long). and do show the Cars to be
experimenting with African rhythms. not
unlike the recent work of the Talking Heads
and the new King Crimson. These numbers
feature a flashy new style of drumming from
ex-Modern Lover David Robinson. who ex-
periments with synthetic percussion alter log-
ging long hours with his familiar four-four
beat.

As dictated by the traditional behavior of
the record buying public. Shake it Up will

 

 

' TS 

Local Vocal-

The University Chamber Singers will ap-
pear for the first time this season on Sunday.
December 13 at 3 pm In the Recital Hall of
.the Performing Arts Center. The ensemble Is
composed of 16 select voices of students,
faculty. and townspeople, The concert will
feature music of the Renaissance. focusing
on England and France. David Janower.
new director of choral music will conduct.
Admission is free. ’

Handel With Care

Julius Hegyt will lead the Albany Sym-
phony Orchestra Friday. December 11 at the
Troy Music Hall, and December 12 at the
Palace Theatre. There will be featured works
by Mendelssohn. Dvorak. Handel. and
Bortz.

Slmone to Call Your Own

Room at the Top, Jack Clayton‘s 1958
drama starring Lawrence Harvey and
,Simone Signoret will be screened In the
Recital Hall of the Performing Arts Centeron

 

December 11 and 12 at 8:30 pm. Admission

 

The department of Music will present a
Nathan Gottschalk will conduct the Uniuersi

combining botlr the orchestra and the Unlue

ed to Annie Haslam. Her voice has never
sounded better and the ranges she struck
were awe Inspiring. Her opening vocal selec-
tion,“The Vulture I‘Iys High," was perfect.
She spent the entire evening surprising the

  

most likey achieve platinum status. But fans
would do well to play only the first and third
songs of the first side. and then give a listen
to what the band can do when it uses Its
head.

Alarmingly on Shake it Up is the near-
absence of Elliot Easton's guitar and the also-
ran status of keyboard man Greg Hawkes.
They (along with Ocasek. Robinson and bass
guitarist Benjamin Orr) are vital components
to the spare. tidy Cars sound. It would be a
shame for these talented musicians to hide

 

Concert Tuesday, December 8 at 8:30 p.m‘.
ty Symphony Orchestra [or two Mozart Sym-

phonies with two guest soloists from the Julliard School of Music. Dauid Janower. new
director of choral studies will close the Ali-Mozart concert with the Mass in C Major K317

rslty Chorale. This free concert will be held In

the Main Theatre of the Performing Arts Center.

r Grinding gears: The Cars [all to shake things up on their latest release.

audience. The tricks used on the new album

.' In songs like “Camera, Camera" are so

much more enjoyable In concert than
presented on the album. Only one time in
the entire concert did Halsam's voice suggest
any strain, but by that time she was so en-
thralling as to dispell any concern over a
missed note. Her performance of the en.
core. "Ashes are Burning." brought the en-
tire audience to its feet more than once with
the combination of her vocals and Camp's
.devastating bass/lead solos. llic audience
was blown off its feet and never recovered
This was by far the best University Concert
.Board presentation of the year.
With the resurgence of Renaissance there
is hopefully a new trend coming about in
‘ rock music. The female vocalist has rrlways
been regarded as a sex symbol more than it
talent in the group. While no mart in the nu-
dience could deny that Haslarrr's opening
outfit was nothing less than exirurrrcly suy .
and her movements less than sensual. it it rs
her voice that made the evening whrrt rt w. r.
The silver lame suit she wore for the errmr ’
was aimed at a particular response (which i

got). but the attention she received was lo 

her outstanding ability In leading the group
through a review of Its past SlIL‘L‘L‘sNus .rrrrl rt
. new adventures Into music. i i

behind the cloak of acknowledged lead
Ocasek.

Shake It Up does not satisfy in the sar
manner that the Cars' three previous alburr
did. It seems a small step backwards from th
airtight tunefulness of Panorama and Cand
O. and is certainly no match for the fir
album. But the potential for Improvement
demonstrated on the lp's second side. an
these signs Indicate that the fifth alburrr w
show us a new and different side to the Car

December8 at 7:30 pm.

Waiting for Dogoo

Siena College's Stage Three Theatre wrll
present Tom Stoppard's The Real Inspector
Hound on December 10, 11. and 12 in the
Foy Campus Center Theatre. Tickets .rn- $5
for adults. $4 for non-Sierra students. ’l‘lrr'y
are available at the Sierra Box Office and
Community Box Office locations.

Buffalo Chaps I

Buffalo-based jau ensemble Spiro (iyrrr.
will be performing in a rare club appcmttlit‘t'
at J.B. Scott's on Tuesday. December 8.
Another upstate artist. Todd Rundgren. will
perform without his band In a solo concur
Saturday December 12. also at J.B. Sctitt s

 

Cable Gram ’ ,

 

Members.

Mo' For Lean
One Mo' Timel. Off Broadway's 1979 hit
musical which celebrates the music that

 

is $2.25 general and $1.50 for students. l13. the live show run includes a 2 pm: What was supposed to be aclosed-L‘irt'ui
Senior Citizens and Alumni Association matinee on both Saturday and sljnday and message for Schenectady Cable erni’l‘tytv

8 pm performances each evening.

I: a Very, Very, Very Flne House
Federico Garcia Lorca’s "The House of
Bernarda Alba" continues its performances

came out of New Orleans during the 1920's. on December 9. 10. 11. and 12 at 8 pm in r released on Golden pond, and would b
will be at l’roctor's Theatre. from Friday. the Lab Theatre of the Performing Arts" showing them next year. though “5
December 11 through Sunday, December Center. There will be an early curtain

may have turned Into a scoop lo

subscribers. An In-house broadcast m
advertenlly aired at 4:30 yesterday after
noon. and revealed that Home Box ()liir
had the rights to Ragtime and the yet-to he

wouldn’t be able to publicize that fact just sit" ‘ ‘

  
   

   
    
   
   
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
  

\

Paramount

mmmau‘lumwﬂmt‘r—utn-La  .. .. ..

 

 

 

"' Trudi Cowon is editor of Bellmore Life. a

weekly newspaperrwhtch serves the south .

shore of Long Island. This editorial. written
following the murder of John Lennon 'one
year ago today, won a lirst prize from the
Press Club of Long lslandfor best newspaper
commentary of 1980.

y children grew older last week.
Not as we used to age. gradually
with years. but as their generation ‘

—— and my generation — began to grow
older in November 1903 when the assassina-
tion era began for all of us.

They were very young that Novemben

when the unbelievable happened. and I had
torexplain to them how In their world a Presi-
dent could be assassinated. It was an abbera-
tIon I told them. This act Is alien. outside the
normal fabrics of our society. It has nothing
to do with our way of life. it is an aberration.

And as If to confirm came the four young
men from Liverpool. with their outrageous
Prince Valiant haricuts. their wild en-
thusiasm. their youth and joy, their laughter
— not only at the world but at themselves.
And we, as well as our children. were swept
up again In Iropefulness.

Whether the Beatles led or mirrored a
generation does not matter. They and our
children moved together into the future.

Then came the other assassinations. And
the obscenity of a war that was not a war —
except that It destroyed otrr young.

And again. the children had to be
answered. These acts. we told them again.
are aberrations. They are not representative
of our society. All the values still exist. We
believed and we made them believe.

So my children and John Lennon. the
gentle Beatle seeking Intellectual answers.
grew together through the swift changes In
the world. And the beliefs field constant.

They believed even through the
unbelievable days of Kent State and Cam-
bodia. Watergate and presidential corrup-
tion. They believed In an Al anenstetn who

told them one person can rrrake a difference

and showed them It could be so.
Now he lies dead of violence and last
week It was John Lennon.

 
 

1.3.‘f

 

 

All these men our children believed -—
who told them that violence only breeds
violence —- that goodness triumphs — that
some men dream what might have been but
we dream what still can be — that each one
can make a dlfferertce —~ that faith can move
mountains —- that all you need Is love — that
we can give peace a chance — all those gen-
tle heroes have been destroyed.

And I no longer know if I can give the
answers. Not when they see the
sophisticated burglar alarms with which we

E bedeck ou- homes; when we no longer go

out alone at night; when we take off our
Jewelry, even wedding rings, just to go shop-
ping; when we have become tnnured to
strangers pawtng through our personal
belongings at airports; when the wife of our
next president tells us proudly of the little
gun she keeps by her bed.

And when after twenty years of the
assassination era we still follow the bumper
sticker philosophy of "Guns don't kill peo-
ple. People kill people." and "If we outlaw
guns, only outlaws will have guns."

Yet we forget. because it is easier and
more convenient. that guns are made only to
kill and people with guns kill other people.
And" It has not occurred to us that If we
outlaw guns perhaps only police officers will
have guns — not those brave cowards who
‘need to protect themselves against “the
enemy." We forget that Pogo told us years
ago, “We have met the enemy — and he Is
us."

It is easier for eighty million of us to sit in
front of our television sets like vicarious spec-
tators In the Roman arena waiting breathless-
ly to see who shot our TV hero. the epitome
of sadistic cruelty and corruption. it Is easier
to believe In a J.R. because after all. doesn't
he at least deserve to be killed?

We forget that John Wayne was only the
figment of the screenwriters‘ imagination and
that the man In the white hat only rides
triumphantly Into the sunset on movie
screens. In the real world, he gets shot In the
back.

So my children are older'today; And they
are cynical or they are vulnerable. And either
way I fear for them. [I

Beat-ty’s Reds Is A Coup '

eds Is about seriousnessflt is about
a R being brrmmltted to a cause that

not only dominates your life. but
becomes your life. But it is not about
mindless automotons whose passion for life
only goes as far as the next rally. The
characters in Reds are real people who are
faced with the problem of trying to live or
dinary lives in less than ordinary times.

Mark Ftossier

 

 

One of the things that makes Reds so
fascinating Is the fact that John Reed and
Louise Bryant do not come to us as ready-
made radicals spouting free love and com-
munism. Much of the section before the In-
termission chronicles Reed and Bryant's gro-
ing intellectual and political awareness. Early
in the film they both seem to be mouthing

ton plays Louise Bryant, wonder-
ing I] felt Is right.

 

causes out of discomfort if nothing else.
When‘tl‘ey can't deal with a situation they
fall into dogmatic siaternerrts. This is not to
say they are being phony — intellec-
tually they believe what they say. It just takes
their emotions a while to catch up.

For those who don't know. and consider-
ing Reed's less than revered place in
American history that may be many. John
Reed was a politically liberal Journalist in the
late teens and early twenties. After going to
Russia In l‘)17 to cover the revolution. he
became actively involved in the communist
cause and eventually emigrated there. He
died at the age of 33 and became the only
American to be buried in the Kremlin.

He wife Louise Bryant was a journalist.
artist and free thinker In a time when that

really meant something. She was. at least ac- .

cording to the film. constantly fighting the
middle class rrrorality she was brought up
with. Though Reed is the more well-known.
and in some respects more colorful. of the
two. Writer-Director Warren Beatty wisely
makes Louise the emotional center of the
film. She is the more dowrrto-eartlr of the
couple. l'ltid Reed been the center the filth
might have lapsed into prcachy pontifica-
lions. but Louise. because she is more con-
flicted. Is also more questioning. She is ob-
jective so she keeps us at a slight distance.
By emphasizing Bryant. Beatty is able to
make us relate to the film emotionally rather
than ideologically.

Beatty also avoids the kind of mindless
canonization that most historical films make
of their subjects by including the testimony of
32 “witness.” There are interviews With peo—
ple like Will Durant. Henry Miller. and Adela
Rodgers St. John who actually knew the
Reeds. The comments are not always flatter-
lng. nor are they always clear. Some are
gossipy, some are irrelevant. but many are
contradictory. Aside frorn being entertaining.
they serve to illustrate the subjective nature
of history. They keep the filrrr objective and
they remind us that what we're seeing Is only
Beatiy's version of the story. This Is an am-
bitiqus technique and Beatty deserves credit
for trying It. and admiration for making It
Work.

But Reds Is not a solemn. dully intelligent
polemic. Beatty Is definitely a commercial

'filrnmaker. There is a suprislng amount of
humor In the film and Beatty and co-author
Trevor Griffith have written a love story that
is moving without being sexist. Louise Is not
asked to sacrifice anything to be with John.
She gives up a lot. but she gives it up volun-
tarily.

This is; the first film Beatty has directed on
his own (he cit-directed Heaven Can Wait

with Buck Henry) and that rrrakes Its stunn- '

ing success all the more remarkable. Despite
its almost 3 1/2 hours in length the pace

never slackcns. It is constantly Interesting l

due in large part to the fact that Beatty didn't
allow his $34 million budget to tell his story.
Too often directors 'of big-budget spec-
taculars forget that It is characters. not
gadgets. that make movies memorable. The
mere scope of the film. the variety of time
and place probably necessitated the amount
of motley spent. but it is the depth and
believability of the characters that give It its
quality.

A large part of the credit must also go to I
the brilliant performances by the entire cast.
There are more than thirty characters listed
during the endcredits and not one of them Is

badly acted. Jack Nicholson (as Eugene I
(as Emma .

O'Neill). Maureen Stapleton
Goldman) and George Plimpton (as Horace
Whlghorn) are standouts in the supporting
cast. Nicholson Is especially good giving
what may be his best screen performance.
The real acting honors, however, go to
Beatty and Diane Keaton. Beatty has never
come close to doing the kind of acting job he
does here. As Reed. he Is finally able to bring
to the forefront the serious side that has
always lurked just behind the wisecracking,
cynical roles he's usually played. Like the.
film Itself Reed has warmth and humor. but It
Is ultimately his committrnent that makes him
admirable. His belief In communism ls so
strong and so Idealistic that his eventual
disappointment In it Is heartbreaking.
Beatty has at last been able to shake his
glamourous stud Image and emerge as an
actor of considerable range and power.
Keaton matches him every step of theway
and In sonre Instances even surpasses his
performance. Bryant Is more complex
because for much of the film she Is sear-

ching. When Reed asksher to leave her hus- '

  
  

ln Reds. Beatty controlled the means of pro-
duction. V

band in Oregon and come to New York with
him she says “As what?" — a question which
defines Bryant's character. She is trying to
discover who she Is as an Individual, not as
an extension of Reed. This Is one of the few
American films that shows a woman who is
passionately In love with a man, but doesn't
have to give up anything of herself. Keaton
makes us understand and sympathize with
all of Bryant's complexities. it Is a superb per-
formance.

Beatty has taken an enormous risk both
commercially and artistically making' Reds
and he has been able to make It pay off. Now
It Is only a question of whether the American
public ls willing to give It a chance. There are
those who say that anything with a shred of
Intelligence, anything as beautiful and sad as
Reds can never be a hit. Here's the chance to ,
prove them wrong.

-r~ 4., . g ‘ .
.. .. .c—s-w awn-m mum...

houseboat/pm z] I

. .‘VJM.

 

 

 

 

 

