  
 

 

 

 

T

page Zia/December 4. 1981 V_ "'

I Addled . .

Today's centerfold came about as a result of an ASP editorial board meeting. a meeting
called to discuss the issue of obscenity and to see If the newspaper couldn't frame a more
extensive advertising policy of its own. The next day's editorials would include the conclu-
sions from that meeting while hopefully clarifying the paper's stand on what types of ads
and articles were deemed acceptable and what types were not.

But If there were ten people at the meeting. there were eleven different opinions.

Trying to define obscenity. and then trying to stick with that definition. seems almost an
impossibility. Just when you think you've pinned down something that certainly has “no
redeeming social value" someone raises a point (usually right out of the Bill of Rights or
some other awesome document) which sends your steadfast conclusion back to the locker-
room or wherever eight and'a half inning decisions go. The ad by the porno movlemaker
for actresses. for Instance. A clear-cut ad. not misleading in the least. which presents‘an op-
tion that may Indeed exploit women. but which no woman is being coerced or fooled into
taking advantage of.

But then someone raises the question. “isn't a newspaper a legltlmtzlng vehicle? Doesn't
an advertiser get a guaranteed prominence by his/her ad's placement in a journal which
presents presumably responsible reporting?" .

Hmm . . , good point. You mean a confused reader nrlght figure this place to be on
the up and up because a newspaper “vouches” for Its legitimacy? it's back to headscrat-
ching. ~

We began calling others in the field to see how they dealt with these dilemmas. And as at
that board meeting. no conclusions were reached. except an urge to employ. “common

sense" when screening ads.
idtrlortunately. one person's common sense is another's obscenity. We just feel that by
trying to close the lid on the issue. we've opened a whole new can of Worms.

  

 

.u. .

in a totally different vein, we'd like to take this opportunity to whine. Thanksgivlng's
behind us. so we don't think it too early to begin our Christmas demands. Here's what we
want.

We want to know why a 20-year-old offspring who spent the first night of the vacation at
borne and the second evening before the fireplace at Cousin Richard's: who ate dlnrrer the
third night at a friend's and stayed home all the days in between is totally ostracized by his
parents on the last day of the vacation because hr- went to a mtdrrtght movie on Saturday.
And why the mother was heard to exclaim “That is the most ridiculous thing We heard of in
my life" when informed of the proposed late night shenanigans. What kind of file has she
led? There's a man listed in Ripley's who wears a board made out of live hues. ftrl' gosh
sakes. That's ridiculous. We can see it now in the Sunday paper. next to a picture of a
forlorn college student in a scarf and earmuffs: Believe it or not. but my son decided. on a
college vacation. to go to a midnight rnouie.’

it's gonna be a great five weeks.

 

'til Tuesday. l

 

  
  

\ ;\"\. \ x‘ —_ V "Tu—A—H‘V'TN— _
1 \\~V;\_\}.l_i\t\.\\\\o\3¥>\

lNTERVlEWS ARE now DIEqu

R.

     
   
  
    
   

  

CONdUCTEd fon Tl-IE
POSl‘I'iON of ChiEf EnqiNEEn

  

 

  

\V.\\\‘\\\\\‘\\\\.\A‘\j\\.\\—‘\"\v‘

A:

 

' POSlTiON AVAilAblE
fon Spninq SEMESTER

SripENd of $250 fnom SA

  

 

OUAliﬁEd PanriEs CONTACT:
Bill CoodfniENd, GENEnAl MANACIER
457-5262 CC 316

I *DEAdllNE is DEC. 11 5 pm

. ‘\ .\.. ki§.\&k‘k”(

 
   
  

‘ \-'...>.‘.\.\‘\ 

 

r:

.,

ROSPECTIV

 

    
 
   
  
  
     

   

     

 

E

  

  

centerfold

“We Print Anything" says the
sweatshirt. but can newspapers and
magazines any the same thing? An
Introspective look at advertising
policy. with a sample of the beat of
the worst of cxploitive copy. all in
the centerfold.

6a

Second City Television Is ﬂying
high. and Fridays to still the pits. fie-
cond in a series on late night com-
edy. Also. a look at television news
documentaries. When the little guy
is always the winner. objective and
quality journalism is the loser. See
Vision.

83

All your favorite Diversions: the
crossword. Spectrum, the Top Twen-
ty. and more.

    
   

Sponsored By:

Classes of 1982,
State Quad, Indian Quad, Dutch
Quad, Colonial Quad, Alumni Quad

IS COMING TO:

Insi e

3a

It's not your gramma, it's you,
grammar department: If you've been
known to split an infinitive or dangle
a modifier or two. then read "Clause
and Effects," a polemic by a writer
who cares. A freshman has a major-
dilemma and - speaking of dangl-
ingl — Hubert keeps us waiting 'til
next week. all on the Perspectives

page.

7a

A negative review of the new
Renaissance album. Camora.
Camera. We'll see what develops
tonight. Black Sabbath thrilled the
mob in Glens Falls, and Joan Ar-
matrading has a new release. one
she hopes will be the breakthrough
album. This and more on the sound
page.

the VarsilySporl o! the Mind

 

1983, 1984, l 985

 

 

Lecture Center 6
‘ Sunday, December 6, 1981
I Games start at 6:00 p.m.

Come l‘( t l‘ ' ' '
, rt) .0) the winning lt’ottiS
from your Quail.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ Clause

And

' Effect

Susan Milligan

i admit i don't have the education to be
a bona fide intellectual snob. but some
things are a matter of standards. The
deterioration of grammatical standards may
irk a few professors or lower a grade a few
points. but it makes me absolutely crazy. I
take It all personally.

I blame it on nry childhood training. For
whatever reason. my seventh atrd eighth
grade English teacher. Wilbur Breudlove.
had a profound effect on my life. I never
quite understood why the Southern born
gentleman had a British accent. but that
was irrelevant. Damn. that man knew his
clauses, and be drilled grammatical and
usage rules for two solid years. True. I had
to suffer the ostracization imposed on those
of us who actually liked school. but the
rewards were great. l came to low words
and language Ar and despise those who
had the audacity to abuse them.

i foolishly assumed college would offer
an atmosphere in which cucryonr'. almost.
Would have the proper respect for
language Imagine nry distress at the sight
of a sign in Price Chopper advertising
"express —- Ien items or less." I was seized
with a nearly irrepressible desire to cut
ahead of the “expressers” (most with
lurclm: items). grab the cashier by the
throat and scream “Il's fewer. The wrrrdJs
lurrrcr when referring to individual units.
you bread-crushing dimwit!" I loathe to
iiiL’llllrrli the "bake goods" sign in aisle 7.
How can a good by “bake?” Don't ihesc
people know the difference lretrwcir an
adjective and a verb?

'l'hL- clincher was the example of
language abuse in our own university. I
was standing in litre in the Rat Snack Bar
when I Sprilltftl rt: "express -— two items or
loss." while embossed on black plastic.
Obviously. sonic illitcralu fool spent time
:lcsigrnng UAS's new signs with an old
nnstakc fivurv time i see Norb Zalnn
standing proudly in his newly renovated
Rat. I want tr» flrit‘t'-fut’tl him UAS fowl as
pmrrshrncnt l‘ricc (Shopper's ignorance is
r-nc thing. but this is .r urrivcrsrty! l’rrstiivu
IL'lllfHIt‘t‘iilt'itl. ri's’ not

And as long as we'rc on the
subjt'ct

'l'hcrc is no such word as "air It " You
may havu "a lot" of srrttit'lltllrtj. but you
may not haw "alot" of anything

You might look foolish stn'rporinrg
nuclear power. but you'll look nrr-r'r' foolish
If you refer to "nncnlar power.”

licgardlcss of Ihr' context nr which If is
rrst'tl, "ir'rugrrldlcss" is not a wind

l\litrllit'i thing a a proposition is not a
g-urd word to i'm] a scntr'ncc with
it's lllr’ ndrrlt'sccni lnrgr» and Hum
always llr|\’\' thcn own lHilt'. although it
changr's with thy gr'rruratrwtrs lllill Irraki'a
ilrls prrrli'ssr'd pacifist rnust klr-lt'lli My
flfli’i'ier’itt't‘ld sisti'r t'xjrlanrt'd bcnrg
rt\k‘.tl(t'ilt'tl ill 4 n In "Sir. lllrr', by “Why titr‘
up. and l go. ltkr'. what my yr u waking
nn- up for iii the ittirltllr' wl the night)"
Why ran slu' only it'll flkt' what slur int-arr».

ron't slrr' he ntrrrv t'xplir it? And wlrrrrr‘
mm “W jjflpwl.yr-.n-trltl \i‘slr't ijnnrg at that
lit rur':'

My obst'ssrrrrr has lil.‘(t'lll\' unhealthy l
it'liisr' it- 0 iiililiitl' tr rtir‘i’rstrlir ins \vtth
ptrtrpli' who say. "lrctwvcu you and l "l
(“Ml myst'lf rr'aihrrg my coulsr'hr-rrks tirrl lrrr
corru'm. but for grammatical crrors ()rrr'
Slip up. and I cannot frnislr the brink l
have a nt-nrotlc fi‘rli that languagc as m-
lmow ll wrll Irlfimalt'ly have no rules.

('har rs and rrurnt‘lty \vlll t’ll‘rllt’. nuns \vill

 

 

n'rmctw“

runtrartin

 

 

i

start as we cease to  and eventually
lL’fUSt' Ir- s understand each other.
Linguistic Darwinism is lit' justification

Wilbur Breedlove. whatever you are
diving in yo! suburban Buffalo roiircmunt
-~ yr-u've crr'rrtvd a monster. l l

W
High
Hopes

(Part One)

You shouldn't take it too seriously 'crruse it
r'r'nlly ain't going to fast too long
lirll liftlltvrs

Late winter finds itself slowly giving way
to early spring. The ground for the most
part rs hate The grass has more of a
brownish-gray lilll.’ than its normal green.
'l‘hc people of the city are becoming more
and morn rt-stloss with each passing day.
'I'lrc winter has 1ch its mark upon the spirits
of all livur‘yonc is nnpatiunily awaiting the
arrival of the warmt-r weather.

.lolnr Spurrcr'r and his brother Steven
arc lrr-rlong towards the future with high
llrrpt’s .John hopes that fits new novel will
by farorably rccr-ivcrl by the critics and
rrorc nnptrrtarrtly the public Steven bases
his hopes upon winning IliL' attention of
one Mary Fuller.

for the present. however. both brothers
find themselves having to wait for the
“fruits of success " Their day-today
activrtrvs are beginning to reflect the anxiety
and tcnsrorr that is within their minds.
.lnhn. norm..lly a solid and steady
clrartrctr-r fnrrls himsclf smoking and
drinking more than he Would like to.

Steven. on the other hand. is so nervous
that each time the phone rings or someone

ltiirrt‘kh at the door. he is almost jumping

  
    

 

December 4.1981/959'9 36 '

 

Interiection

 

out of lris'skin.
Today. however, the two brothers find

 

littlv to upset thcm. Steven has gone out to
do some errands. leaving .lrrlril In his own
devices.

Aflt'i a rather quiet morning. .lohn
(lccrdr's lrr do some Wter on his next
novel. His publisher has been calling
almost every day asking .lolrn when tho
outline will be finished.

/\ knock upon tlrr- front door causes
further postjwnumenl. .lolnr opens the
door to find himself face to fact: with Mary
Fuller. ll only takes a second to fall in love
and John now understands why his
brother is so taken with Ms. Fuller.

“i'm sorry to be a botln-t. I could comr-
back at a better time."

“Steven isn't at home riglrl now. He left
this morning rrii some errands he had In
do and isn't expected back until later.
You're rwlconw to come in if you would
like in. though "

"I'm Mary Fuller and you must be John.
Sicvcn has told me so rrruch about you "
Her voice betrays an anxiety that lit‘i face
has been altunrpting to hide.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Fullr-r.
Are you sure you won't come in?"

“Well . .- . l'rrr rroi . . " Her words
are L‘hrrkt'd off by tczrrs.

“Arc you all riglri. Ms. Fuller? Why don't
you (‘tlllii‘ in and have some tea? You look
lrke you need someone to talk to." As his
Words leave his mouth a look of four and
disbelief comes over her face.

“How did you know I wanted to talk to
someone?" Her eyes move nervously loft
in right and back again as she speaks.

"i'm a writer. Understanding human
behavior is how l make my living. Now i
ask you again. Mr» Fullur. are you sure
you Won't corny rrr for a spot of tea?"

"I had forgotten that you are a writer. l'll
liikl' you up on that offer of some tea. i
simply must talk to someone or I'll burst."

John escorts her to the living room and
excuses himself to the kitchen. He returns
shortly with the too. He senses that she is
still very nervous. so he speaks first.

“I didn't know how you would like your
tea so i didn't add any cream or sugar."

“Oh the tea is litre just the way it is."

“Now that that is settled. what seems to
be the problem. Ms. Fuller?"

."I’leasu call me Mary. M5. Fuller seems
so formal and cold."

 

“All right. Mary It is. Now as slowly and

_ clearly as you can. tell me if you will. what

or whom has produced your present
state," ‘ .

"It's a long story. i'm not sure it is fair to
you to burden you with it all."

What you may ask is the cause for all
this concern? i hope you won't think me
unkind if i say we all have high hopes that
the future will find some way of telling us
what the present has failed to. So be sure
to tune in next week and find out what is

. on Mary Fuller's mind. C]

. Bag’.$_W_eL|d
'Un—
decided

Roni D. Ginsberg

So this is (:trllt’gL‘.

My first term. I purposely took a variety
of classes. i figured that eventually out of
this jumble of courses l would find a major.

First biology lest — i found out that pre-
nrcd wasn't for me. Okay. The sciences
aren't an easy field (so I rationalized). l
figured something in Humanities was more
likely an alternative. Right?

Wrong.

i figured writing was my strength. I enjoy
ii and had been pretty good in it through
high school. in my spare time. i would
write plays and poetry, Okay. it's logical.

. l'll be an lirrgllslr major. Right?

Wrong.

My first English mid-term was even
worse than my biology test. Whoa. now. l
know l'rn literate. i can read the ASP
(even the big words). i also thought l could
write (l filled out my SUNY application all
by myself).

How did i get into this mess?

Let's see what's left. Business major —‘
no way. l'd drop out before i ever saw a
Si.“ Psychology —- sure. and join the
otln'r (1,000 students who'll either be
secretaries or end up on the
unemployment litre. Philosophy — l guess
i could always open a lreadshop. but i
don't have to go through four years of
Cnllt'gu to do that, i guess there's always
basket-weaving and a need for people to
wash floors at Burger King.

So far. itr my bricl time here. my .
SUNYA friends have looked at me kind of
strange and said. l'Why are you so worried
about a tirajor? You've got time." I guess
they don't have friends paying eleven
grand a year for private schools. who take
it more seriously. One friend is in a six
yt'ilt medical program. another is one of
ten engineering students In a small private
college and another is an ivy-Leaguer. i
guess when you're $b.()(l0 in debt, you
take the problem of declaring a major more
seriously.

Also. SUNY students tend to take their
education for granted. College gives you
something to do for four years. keeps you
til the streets and maybe it will actually
help you get a job. Recently. l visited one
of the lvy's. Even the freshmen have totally
planned out their majors and careers to the
last detail. They don't have physics majors.
they have majors in nuclear subatomic
particles. Instead of being a simple biology
major. they might major in the
photosynthetic properties of marine algae.
It's no joke to them.

So much for‘lhe ivy League. Vegetating
in SUNYA is more fun. The next time
someone asks. "What's your major?." l'll
just stand tall. shoulders back. and say
"Undecided." -

Hey. I'm a Journalist now. i'm not going
to let my ego suffer because of one lousy
English test. I think I'll just sit in my room,
relax. play some soft music and keep warm
by the flames of my English paper burning.

 

