r Page 4".- .

 
   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 27, 1936

 

 Laudis

" ’  Quota ~

Plighest Ten Percent of Senior:
Corn se Scholastic Group
' or Current Year

For the ﬁrst time in several years
Signnm Laudis, senior scholastic so-
ciety, has fulﬁlled its quota of mem-
bers, according to the announcement
made Friday in the student assembly
by Dr. A. R. Brubacher, president of
the college.

Signum Laudis is composed of the
ten percent of the senior class who
have maintained the highest scholastic
averages in their college career, but
no one of the ten percent may be
eligible if his average has been less
than 2.00 or B. In the class of 1936,
each of the ten percent has maintained
that average.

The highest four percent of the
class was announced last fall, and the
remaining members were named Fri-
day by Dr. Brubachcr. The initia-
tion banquet for the new members
was conducted Saturday night at the
Candlelight Inn.

The highest twelve members of the
society are: Allen Lewis, president,
Sarah Rudd, Robert Foland, ‘arolyn
Fonda, Vera Shinuers, Dinah Kapp,
Jeanne Humphrey, Norbert Huber,
Franklin Pclkey, David Rogers,
Grace Kline, and James Quigley.

 

Leah Lovenheim
Essay Competition
Will End in May

The deadline for essays in compe-
tition for the annual Leah Loven-
heim prize of twenty-ﬁve dollars is
May 1, Dr. Harry W. Hastings, 'ehnir-
man of the English department, stated

today.
This prize is offered annually by
Jerome Lovenhcim of Amsterdam

for excellence in English composition.
The following rules govern the con-
test:

1. The prize of twenty-ﬁve dollars
will be offered for the best essay
submitted by an undergraduate.
(Plays and stories will not be con-
sidcrcd.)

2. The manuscript may be from
.1500 to 5000 words in length.

3. The manuscript must be handed
in on or before May 1, 1936. It. must
be signed with a ﬁctitious name and
accompanied by an envelope in which
are given the title of the essay, the
fictitious name and the actual name
of the author.

-I. Special credit will be given for
originality of thought.

 A bibliography should be up
pended to show sources of informa-
tion and opinion.

0. Manuscripts will be judged by
a committee of three who will award
the prize and at their discretion give
honorable mention.

 

 

laascnn GAMBOLS

“From out of nowhere you came
to me” might well be the sororitics’
theme song these days. There seem
to be many new pledges and many
grad visitors. Newest pledges at

 

 

AEPhi are Pearl Sandberg and
Jeanne W e i n b c r g e r, freshmen.

Pledges seem to come in twins—not
quintuplets here at State. Gamma
Phi Sig has Phyllis Perry and Carolyn
Doolittle, sophomores, and Delta
Omega, Edith Nelson and Vera lIans,
freshmen. Mary Nolan and Leah
Sweet, ’39ers are now under the
Min Phi wing, as are Lillian Frank
and Mildred Strcifcr, t'rosh at PAT.
l'hi Delt has three new pledgiiugs—
Ann Burr, Marjorie and Phyllis
.lobson, sophomores. ‘
Doris Munroe, Frances Gildca, and
Audrey Burlingham, sophomores, have
given their final rows to Eta Phi.
Alpha Epsilon Phi takes great
pleasure in announcing the engage-
ments of Ilcrtha Frost, ’35, to Dr.

A. A. Reed of Glens Falls and
Hannah Frost, ’36, to Lewis Karp
ot‘ Meclmnicvillc. Dr. liccd is a

graduate oi" 'l‘ul’ts college and denial
school. Mr. Karp is n graduate of
l'nion college and is at prcsrul al-
lcnding Middlescx medical school.
licccnt guests at lClll’hi \vcrc .\lnr~
gun-t llclancy, \\'i|mn Mchnilhan,
and 'l‘arisn McNaughton, all oi" the

 

Brubacher Advises
Bankers on Russia

In an address to the annual dinner
meeting of the Schenectady branch of
the American Institute of Banking, on
Saturday, Dr. A. R. Brubacher, presi-
dent, had for the topic under discus-
sion “Our Eyes Are On Russia”.

In spite of the fact that democracy
and communism are mutually antago-
nistic, Dr. Brubaeher advised the
bankers that democracy might learn
from Russia the wisdom of reducing
the distance between the richest and
the poorest. “Democracy should also
work out the proper relationship be-
tween private property and initiative
on one side,” he said, “and the evil
that arises from it—thc exploitation
of the weak by the strong.”

“Russia is the unwelcome guest in
every business and other activity to-
day. in economics it is forcing the
sharp distinction between competition
and cooperation and making us con-
sider the socialization of our basic
industries and natural resources. It is
driving home the question of whether
private property is a legitimate t‘orm
oi.’ owncrship.”

Trehanon Will Be
‘Quarterly’ Editor

Alfred 'l'rchanon, ’Tltl, is the newly

appointed umlcrgrmluate editor of
thc .llnmni (‘luurlu'le 'l‘rchanon’s

appointment is the result of a coil-
ll‘si recently conducted by the Quar-

College To invite
District Teachers
To Convene Here:

New York State college will again
be best to the teachers of the sur-
rounding districts dnring its twelfth
annual round table conference to be
conducted on Friday and Saturday,
April 3 and 4, Professor John M.
Saylcs, principal of Milne High
school, is general chairman.

The cont’crcncc will open Friday
night, at 8:15 o’clock, in Page hall'
auditorium, with a program entitled
“The Home and School Health Pro-

gram for the Secondary School
Child”, conducted by Dl‘.'DEllll 17‘.
Smiley, supervisor of health and

physical education of the State Dc-
partmcut of Education. A display
of the prm-mlurcs used will be
featured. The parents of Milne High
school pupils, students of State col-
lege, and visiting teachers are invited
to attend.

On Saturday morning, eleven group
conl’ercnccs are scheduled. These
will be open to the guest teachers
and State college sludcnls. The con-
t’erenccs and their chairmen are as
l'ollows: ndminislration, Dr. James
H. l’ulmc-r: guidance through the cur-
riculum, Dr. .J. Allan Hicks and Mr.
Harlan \\'. Raymond: home economics,
Mrs. A. K. llnrsam; modern foreign
nngungcs, l’rot’cssor Winfred C.
llcrkcr: classics. Miss l‘Idiih O. Wal-

 

 

The remaining members are: Ralph ., , I class of ‘33. At l’hi lh-lln, ('t‘t‘lllll (Ir/y. in this contest candidates sub-
Altman, Gladys Armstrong, it. Elaine 1' “Hiroshinm ‘lhmhm .loillo “” l'lishop, ’Jll, and llclh Lupp, ’IH, mined articles to the (,hmr/m'ly, and lace; English, l)r. Harry \\'. Hast-
Baird,.\[argaret Bowes,BarbaraClark, """”ms"“"l” m Rom” "l or RwhuM' rcncu'cd old acquaintances. .\lar- the appointment was given to the ings; mntlwnmlics. l’rot'cssor llarry
William Fullagcr, Betty (lriiiin, Phyl- 5”” MIL . . garct Strong. '33, was a welcome candidate whose article was judged llircln-nouuh: history and social
lis Grossman, Doris l-lammcrsley, Elsie 3- M’- HHSUHL'»? “'1” "9 HIM to guest at lit-ta Zola, Ruth Goldsmith, ~npcrior for its editorial quality. ' scimn'l', llr. .\. \\'. llislcy: library,
Hildenbrand, I-lclcn E. Hobbie, “"RWN'ﬂWY ‘l‘N‘Stm'lS “(‘“VW'HHL’ “'0 ’30. at Alpha l'lho. This position of umlcrgraduate Miss 'l‘hclnm l‘Inton: science, Dr.
Jeanne La'Roque, Julia Merchant, Lois ('“ml'i’i'ilml- Sorority lcn-totnlcrs will ﬁnd them cdilor is awarded every two years, (“larcncc 1“. Hole: commerce, Pro-
Potter, Emma Rogers, Florence Tate, Students desiring information selves welcome at Phi Lambda on and 'l‘rclmnon will edit the under- i’cssor (icorgc M. York: educational
Marion Tymeson, and Marjorie should consult him in room :14 of Saturday and at (iunnnn Phi Sigma graduate news for the (,hmrhrly for measurement section, l)r. l-Iarl D.
Wheaten. Richardson hall. on Sunday. a pcrioll oi" two years. _ ,Houth. a

. O

   
  

WEDNESDAY SATURDAY
ROSA NINO
PONSBLLE MARTINI

ElI’OmEI...it’s as much a part of

Chesterﬁeld as the taste

from fruit.
Mild ripe
grown, and

.. .l/mz"

Did you ever
notice the (/zﬁrmce
1'72 #26 aroma of
(Mater/fold to/Jocco?

Every person who knows about
tobacco will understand this...
for to get a pleasing aroma is
just like getting a pleasing taste

tobaccos, home—
wclded with the

right kind of tobacco from far-off
Greece and Turkey (Samsoun,
Smyrna, Xanthi and Cavalla) . . .

.r w/Iy C hosiery/Md

do; (I more pleasing aroma.

 wild Mal lo/etts'zhg aroma

IOSTIZLANETZ oucnzsru mu cuonus
9 P. M. (s. s. r.)-cowmu NETWORK

 

(D 1936, [Admin a: “was Tocacco Co.

