  

 

 

_ w.—

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 17, 1936

 

to College News

 Established by the aim or me
'g'l'll’o Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

THE NEWS~ BOARD
Kant. D. Esms.......................Editor-in-0hte/
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314
Emu A. Roones.......................Nsws Editor
Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2-3206

GLENN M. UNenask..................Associate Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
hm DEXTER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Asststant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Hmv GUMAER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
VIRGINIA Brash. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Assistant Nears Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-0137
OsaowN SIMONar...................Bustness Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail Street, 2-4144
JOHN Dene. . .. . . . . .  . . .Assom‘ate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Luann SELD. . . . . . . . . . . .Assocz’ate Business Manager
206 Western Avenue, 4-5967

THE NEWS STAFF
SroaTs EDITOR: Frank J. I-Iardnleyer, ’36

Soruosmsn DESK EDl’l‘OitS
Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Reroa'rsns

Rosella Agostlne, l'hyllis lioswortll, Loretta lluckley, Elsa
Calklns, lIuldll Classcn, liutll la‘dnrunds, Jacqueline Evans.
lillth Gillespie, Marie Ueesler, Mary lilldsoll, Aubrey
hillbillltrll, Margaret Woodrut't‘. seniors: Alice liarrows,
I~_Ielen L‘lydo, isubel Dnvldgc, l'lllznbcth ﬂooding, Eli'rieda
Hartt, Elizabeth Herr, Jean Knplan. Ethel Keshner, Mary
Ipun, liebert Margison, Mary i'lank, Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye, Juniors: lictty Amllclioorll. liose llcvlmwltz.
Mildred liodin, Aline llurr, Frances Cnhlll. llclell Cullcnlus,
Ixathryn (.‘arlson, lllcllarll Cox, Alvena Debong, Antoinette
Don lite, Elizabeth Drlseoil, Joanne l'ldgeumbe. liutll Frost,
Ella Git'l'ord, Merriam Gould, Marjorie .iobson. i'hyills
Jobsen, ltose Kurkhlll, Charlotte Lllnnan, Jenn Lit-henstcin,
Josephine Maurice. Mary McClung, Lillian Mosln-r, liuth
Mullen. Helen Olskl, ’l‘heresu i'almer, Mac liosenbcck,
Adelaide Schmid, .li'llll Shaver. Martha Shiwhy, Muriel
Stewart. lintll 'l‘llelnpson, Mary ’l‘obln, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Dssociaied Collegiate Dress

Distributor of
Collegiate Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per your; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-oilicc, Albany, N. Y.

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor.
in-Chicf of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

PalN'rae nr Born PRINTING 00., Mo, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Vol. XX, No. 1] January l7, lllllti Albany, N. Y.

 

NEW AND YE’l‘ (lid)

.

Debating will openly flaunt itsclt’ before the student
body this morning iii an endeavor to put the Verbal
sport on an equal basis with other college acllvitios.
The intro-mural debate contest between the four classes
will be llil endeavor ell the part oi‘ the active participants
oi’ this group to introduce to the assembly the pleasure
which may be derived from participating in or witness-
ing such a contest.

As mentioned bot’oro ill this column, debuting has but
it small following from tho netivc student body ol‘ this
institution. The audiences have been sulnll at all oi’
the inter-collegiate debnlcs at. home. ’l'llc most logical
reason is that the students have not exerted themselves
to discover this source oi' education and entertainment.

'l‘hese debates will also be welcomed as a means ol'
permitting the juniors and seniors once more to enjoy
the spirit oi' rivalry, deprived them at’tcr their second
year. We wish the experiment, the greatest success.

’l‘lll‘} ."l‘AtilC VS. 'l‘lll‘) .v\l'l)|l'}.\'l‘l'l

'i‘ho annual mid winter plays by the elenrentnl'y
dramlllics class will again be pl'l'sl'llll-d For the enjoy
lllnnt oi' lovcl'a oi' the stage. 'l'hcso cxrellelllly directed
productions have always been ollc oi' the nuljor dates in
the college calendar, as, to a lesser extent, are the
Weekly plays dll'ccicd by members at the lollallced
dramatics class.

However, to the concern oi' the, players llnd directors
ot' these latter productions, there has been evidence, oi’
rudeness by somo members oi’ the audience at tln-si
porl’orllllulccs. 'l‘his clement tilnls its enjoyment nol ill
the play itsoli’ nor ill the actors, but in lll‘llllt'lillll leis
interpretation oi' the parts and lines oi' lho actors. The
distnrlntnec is of lhc more l‘nlll'olln lypl‘ \\llll'b easily
makes ltscli' heard throughout the auditorium to the
very evident disturlulnco oi’ those pli-scni and adds to
tholeoni’uslon or onllnlrlasslm-nl oi‘ lllilm' l‘llill'lnlll'lllg to
pot on n presentable pori'ormance.

'l'lmso making the supposedly wilty rcnmlks llro sohlonl
the ones who themselves have appearl-d before a Htotu
lilldlcilcc, either large or small. Nothing can now a
pcl‘i’orulanml more easily than to have (llli‘ oi‘ the main
characters thrown into eont’usion when the audience ru-
ncts oppositely to the intended lllllod by soon- tllppllut
remark overheard by the spectators.

it' these weekly plays are to provide the entertain-
mum intended and to give the players experience, let tho

above mentioned clean-at respect the rights oi’ both
groups. Ullli'i'WlHtl, sock llloso havens where your
nl environ

i‘ibaldi‘y and lloi‘scpllty is it part oi' the goncl‘
meat.

WORDS WITHOUT MEANINGS

More and more, slang has seized a place in the lan-
guage of this country where it will undoubtedly stay
and sooner or later be accepted in conversation and
writing without being subjected to the red pencil. But
much of the present day slang can provide the required
emphasis more emphatically than along line of adjec-
tivcs.

But let us say now that anything can be overdone,
and we do say that reducing our modern language to
one syllable words has Americanized the English lan-
guage beyond a permissible limit. Perhaps this has
been due to the diiileulty oi’ the present-day individual
in putting the right word in the right place and substi
tilting the ﬁrst monosyllablc entering one’s mind. If
students would only find synonyms for such words, and
groups of lctters, as “nice”, “swell”, “grand”, they
would be justiﬁed in boasting that they have at least;
partially overcome the habit of putting the “wrong
word in the right place”.

Unless the present generation assimilates a few syno-
nyms for this dcgencated group of misused words, the
American people will discover themselves without any
luealling for these particular expressions. As slang has
invaded the English language, so will another form of
Speech enter slang, and so on far down the line.

Perhaps an introspection of one’s own particular
vocabulary may reveal some startling facts as to what
one really says. It would prove interesting, at least.

 

AND THEN (TAMIG 'l‘JlE (‘llAHli
ls‘l'cqncntly sonle little oddity springs up ill the walk
of life which enjoys a somewhat. prominent spot in the
public eye. It may be a musical hit, a new dance,
another public enemy or here number one, or such a
little but potent article as “Sudlcn Death”.

it is safe to slly that a unljority ot' the student body
has at some time or other read this gruesome account of
accidents on the highways. it is also safe to say that
some entirely forget it when on these same roads. N0
gene'al statistics have, been published as to whether
college students are better or worse drivers than those
who have been deprived of the beneﬁts ot.’ the “higher
education”, bllt no amount of book information will
ever supplant common sense ill handling a car. College
students should be among the first, to lend their support
to the nation-wide campaign for carct’lll driving, both ill
actual practice and ill advice whenever necessary.

Actual experience is generally a sure teacher but un-
l’ortlllllllclv there is no opportunity i’o' a second trial
iii any clintest between two steel bugs on the public
highways. Whether driver or passenger, picture your-
seli’ lll any one oi’ the gory situations depicted in this
article. (lthcrll‘isc prepare alld lilc llll obituary for
yourself now.

IT’S l‘».\('l\'

('ongratulntions are due those through whose el'l'ort's
a l’ormol' t'ndition has been l't‘\'l\'l'll during the past two
weeks, nalllcly, tllllt oi’ singing lhc college Alma Mater
between the knives oi' the hasketlmll games. That, plus
the loyal support, the spectators have been giving Htule’s
llaskl-tcel's, indicates that college spirit. still prevails
despite the occasional apparent lack oi' it about those
halls. It's a grand l'eelingl

 
   

BOOKS: A Fascinating I’llm 01

Future It‘orecs.

G.M.U.

Things to Come, a Film by ll. ti, Wells.
t'olnpnny, New York, Itliifl. In.) pages. Pilot).

Aeroplanes, bombs, gas ill a low inst-vending chap
lt'l's, .\ll'. Wells presents lil striking scenes the world
delusialed by Moldova w'nl'l'arl- with deepening misery.
followed by the growth oi' a new chilixaliou under the
h-allcl'ship oi' the men ol‘ knowledge particularly lla-
aliators who haw slll'viwd.

'l'lll'ag/s to ('ulllt' is a new story based on the lllllll'l'lill
contained lll .\lr. Wclls' The Shape of [Iv/Illl'llm' Io ('ooo.
It is neither llovl-l nor play, lltll' is it a scenario. I'Isseu
illllly it is u llliil consisting ol' li\ely dialogue, scenes
pllekcd with action lllld some pictures ot' characters
and background. 'l'llloy/s lo ('ooo was iilmed lo ILnglolol
lllltlt'l' llll' llll'l‘clion oi' All-xnndl'l' lxol'dll.

The story, centering around the Hip
.lolln l'nblll, all nvlulor, opens by picturing ilo- con
diiiolls in lillli and then hurriedly passes on lnlo the
‘sccond World Wnr’ about lllllh' w'ln'n a National liol
lt'llll is i'ound to say: "()or enemlcs, dcl’ealn-d on land
iiIIIl tll'll, and ill the air, halo ln-vel‘iln'less l't'liillll'tl a
tow aeroplanes which lll’t~ dil'tlcult to lill‘iilt' and ill'Nll'llll'.
'I'lo-sl' llll'_\' ili'l‘ Ilslllg to Hlli't‘ilil tllHt'llHt‘, u new
of mind and body . . .”, llil' wandering stellar-v.
it is called.

In lhe Ht‘l'lilltl port the story centers around i‘aloll's
grandson, lll'llll oi' lllt' World i'ollllcll, ulld Ills l’llllllll'l
with the collsol'valln- and l'eucliollary l-h-nn'uls lllll'llllll
ing to stop selcnlltle exploration and llIl\'l’llllll'i' :llld
linully llll llnsllceessl'nl attempt is made to Ili‘wllln lln-
lelcl‘glln just us lllt' hero and hcl‘oinl- shoot oti' on a
lrlp io lllc luoou.

In this Illm, MI', Wells has lin't'll real inmgioolloo Ill

 

Macmillan

oi' olo- Illilll,

pll'lulillg the i‘llturl- world nnd lllllllllll l'll-l- down

t'ofll. lll‘ is n roul ariisl in this iilillllli'l’, 'l'lo- doll
ls i’ar i'roln ranking as a good :ll‘uloallc narrnlnv;
llllwlwl‘l', llls ‘llll'l't'n’l lll lwt'pilli; lilo pow. l|l|\l- |.I\
\i\ld punches and drives lcuws llo l-hanrv I'ol lalollllog.

llls ilIl-ns sound I‘lllller absurd, and as propaganda li'
ilwy nl‘l- un-oni i'or auvh, they ale lilo l'\ to lw im-il'l-l-liw.

’l'hol'r ls t-lvl‘y possibility llllll this book lilll be loudl-
lolo on loll-resting screen novelty by tcchnirnl no-o oi'
the films. .\ll', Wells has the material and lolngilmllon
lll'l‘t“mill"\', blll llc locks the (“\[lt'l'll‘lll'l' lo lllnl producing.

The foundation oi‘ Things to ('Hlltl‘ is eswntiollv no
imogillllllvo discussion oi' social ulld political forms
and possibilities; the story has lu'l'll invented and woven
into those Forces to display .his conclusions, in lllt‘ llnul
won-s .\lr. Wells presents a “higher phase ol' civiliva
lion than the present, wln-ro there is a greater \Vl'llllll,
liner order, higher ollleioncy. lluman atl‘nlrs in that
more orgonim-d world will not be hurried, they will
not be crowded, there will be more leisurl-, more dignity,

 

\‘o work will be ullobll'usivo in the eomlng civilization.”

 

l‘i'\l'l‘ l

lel

 

 

STATE’S STAGE

 

 

STATESMA‘N

 

 

 

The plays Thursday night get elf
to an unfortunate start, and the
mood seemed to carry over to the
actors and the audience for the rest
of the evening. The ﬁrst play, which
is, in itself, a very good one, was
hampered in appeal by the extreme
slowness of tempo, the muii’ed or
entirely forgotten cues, and the lack
of poise of the players. There were
scve'al excellent: attempts at; chur-
ncterizatien, but; the attempts never
get beyond the embryonic stage.
Mr. Sahel was convincing as the
father; his voice, walk, and gestures
were in keeping with the role. Mr.
McConvillc was a distinct and legiti-
mate comedy rclietr'; Miss Stone had
moments of good work, but we felt;
that her performance was hindered
by the luck of cooperation from the
other actors; there was no interplay
oi’ i’eeling or action. ’l‘echnical dilll-
elllties arose allll destroyed the illu-
sion. We hardly blame Mr. Edge
and Miss Ilnrlingham for avoiding
the exit they should have used;
botll doors ill the rear oi’ the set
were a lllcnacc to tho lil’e and limb
oi" anyone passing through them.
Mr. l\lc(‘onvilll-’s oversight; was dllc,
no doubt, to his being lost, ill his
ebullient; rl‘ile. Again it: seems i)
l’laygoor that, insllilicicnt drill has
mllrrcd a performance that should
have becll laudable.

The same general criticism goes
for the second play. ’l‘he set was
good, although the rear door looked
very narrow, Hinge pictures were
bad at times, since many oi’ the
actors w‘crl- entirely obscured. 'l‘his
was, ol’ course, unavoidable at, the
table, but not. when the people were
standing. The lililt' spot did not add
to the play. lll the lirst place it
was manipulated badly, secondly it
was directed right at the spot where,
the llweller was to appear.

It seems that the ell'l-ct would
have been better it' the stage were,
ill complete darkness, or it the posi~
tioll ol' the spot had been changed.
t'ul-s were slow again, and there
didn't sol-m to be in consistent mood

oi' l'eur and ll'l'l'lll' building up alld
up to the climax. l'laeh person again

was on his olvll, and not trying to
ilt'l with the others. The tapping
sound coming so noticeably l'rom

the wings instead oi’ from the table
ilsclt' (or lhai general vicinity)
caused a little amusement. 'l'hc non
appearance ot‘ lllt‘ lulncllbzlcked
lignre which could have been beauti-
l'ully silhouetted against the lighter
background oi’ the window was a let-
down to most oi’ the audience. it
might have helped to snatch the per
sells “out l'l'ontH from their nlood
oi' amuscment to one oi' symputla-tic
terror. in both plays ioo hasty draw
lug oi' the curtains destroyed the last
speeches, and made the plays seem
pointless. Again we advise more
attention to details: they count ll'l'
meudollsly ill the lion] presentation.
ll soolns, loo, llloi llle class is inking

things loo sl'l'iollsly. liemolllbcl',
those plays .‘ll'l' lloi lll'e and death,
and rcloxl

l’l.;\\'tl(ll-Ill

 

linl'lndos

Faculty Members l
Publish Articles j

For “Education”‘

'l'wo llt‘l|\l' and two i'olllol llli‘lll
lit'l‘\ Ill' llll‘ Hillll' i'olll'gl' llill'lll')‘
\\I'i'i‘ l-llilli'llillllnls ltl llll' llt‘i'l‘lllllt’l
t\~lit‘ lll‘ “ l‘lillll‘illlilll I ’.

l“|'|‘llt‘ll, lnsll'lll-lol'
lll\lll'il Ill llt' llll'
lll' “l'.l|lll':llioll"
ill-\‘lilt'll |l|:||lil i|||l"\lllll|
in llllillt'ill l'illll‘lllltlll. 'l'lov lll‘l'l'llllivl
llllllilll'l' which “1', l‘it‘lll‘ll mlltml llrld
l'ol' ilrl llli'llll' “'l‘cot-lo-l‘ l'ldlp'alloll"
lll'. French's nrliclo, “A l'l'llllll‘l oi'
'l'l'ailllng in New Yolk",

.\l.
\\:l~.
issue

In William
lll education.
t‘illltll', l‘:ilt‘ll
Ill

ix stlllll‘

'l'l-llrllol'

I =\\;l~ pllldlshwl ill llllh lhhlll'.
o,

.lll

in .l \llan
child ||l'\t‘llllllllt'lll,
tlllll'll' "l'rcpal‘ihg l‘l'IlI'lll'i'V i'ol
tillidaom", lo lln- mags/loo. lb'.‘
l'l. I", Williams. \islllog lll‘illlll‘llll in
I'Illil'lllllltl dllllno alllilllll'l motion. and
I). H. .\l lllowlo-ll, :I‘~l\ll|lll pro
i'l-«sol' ol' «duration ill lli"ti 1'7. wl-l'c
l'llllll'lllillill‘~l also

Ilit'ks, pl‘ol'lwsoi

l‘lllllllllllli'tl

DlCIiA'l‘lti MilllHJ‘il'lUiiY

.leonuo l.esllick, ’llti, alld lllzetie
l'lll’wlliil, ’:lH, debated Middlobury,
college )l'ntl‘l‘dny ill Middlcbul'y, \’I'I‘ ‘
lllolll. 'l'ht‘ lploslioll \vlls. lll‘solvl-llz‘
'l‘lmt (longrcss by a two thirds major»,
ily role should bo allowed to ll\t'i'l‘llll'l
any the t'our decision oi' the Hupl‘l-mc

 

l
t‘ourl. l

Greetings, all yousc guys and gals
—a little late, but Happy New Year!
Quite a vacation we’ve had—greet-
ing to you, Lou—suspenders to you,
,ioun . . . warnings two you, ,ioycel

We hear benediet is being stung
now. How 'an the little margison
keep his wires straight? What a
line! Seen karl going to chappell
lately? So Potter Club girls bring
two pairs oi’ shoes“! But; the fellows
really have etchings ill their rooms—
docs that account for one of their
i’eld receiving three leap year pro-
posals? Stell in all, we wouldn’t
waste ,our Xmas cards on the whole
club. "Why don’t the K i) R’s be-
have? We heard they had to walk
home New Year’s ldve.

\Vonder it' Chi Sig and 13 Z sub-
stitution t'or mistletoe werde . . .
'l‘hel'e’s a slllilll in the bird house,
but the distance from Potter Club
remains the same. 'l‘wo engagements
at: l‘llit Phi recently . . . Won’t
some one, please tell K i) it where
Precinct; ii is.’ So (ianlnlll .|\'ap is
the best “t’raterlliiy” at State,
liernie.’ l’ariy at K it . . . “come
alld bring your own i'eod” . . .
'l‘l'llvis doesn’t seem to be. cracking
much ice, with the stunt she’s been
putting on. Cooper takes (ierlnall
. . . Niagara takes State . . .
and then have you heard the story
of the white men alld the llegrocs‘l
Ken Christian is reported getting
i’at must be something he at . . .

A large house got hit plulllb ill
the i’ace during 'acation . . bllt
sighs oi’ l'cliel’ are heard as the
proxy holds a bill marked “paid ill

t'llll”. 'l‘hc basketball tenln travels
to New York l"l'iday . hang
on ill yolll' overcoats this lllllt',
boy(s)! What's the year on that;
ring you’re wearing, llexler.’ We
wondcr it' the winter iinally has
cooled malthews.’ And have you
heard what the rarest thing ill the
world is.’ .'\llll wilh that, we’ll be

rushingr along.
THE .\l.\.\' ()l" H'l‘A'l'l'I

Elementary Class
To Present Plays
On Tuesday Night

(l'oil/ioal-Il from pay/r /, t‘II/lllllli :7)
The nest oi’ “liirthdny” inellldes

tho l’ollowing: Serpentine, .lcnn
l.iehensiein, ’ZlH: lla'/.e|, .lanci llib-
ble, ’Zlb’; Madame Alpllll, llol'otlly

Hunter, ’38; barker, (‘hnl'lcs .\lvt‘on-
ville, ’ilti; clown, (‘lull'h-s Matthews,
’37; llop, ll'will Stinger, ’37: (isl-ul',
l'ldwurd Hobo], ’37; older country
\volllnn, Marjorie l’llngbnrn, 'Jll‘i;
younger country wolnnn, Margaret
llot', ’36-, country sweetlleurts. llcs-
lcl Price and Paul llittnlan, sopho-
mores. ()iher minor characters ol'
the cast include John llills, graduate
student; Vincent lltllll'llllt' and t‘eeil
Walker, seniors: William (llcuson,
Muriel (loldbcl‘g, la'sll“ Knox, .\lll-
drell Nightingale, sopholnoros, llnd
l“rnuk |\'irllpntl'iek nod l'ldwul'd
Himouds, l'reshlnl-ll.

'l'lle l'nsl oi' “Al
llll' i'ollowiug
.lim Sin-n, (loorgo (Henson, ’ZlT; l"nn-
llll', l‘illYillIi'lll llilllll'lli, ’lln; and the
strange woman. liol'olhy llillll'i', 'llH.

Allll‘l' 's lli‘lill H

t‘lllll'lll'li'l'HZ

'l'hosc comprising the cast ol' ".\
Alan Hllonld ll1l\'l‘ :l Wil'e" nl'l':
llolol'l-s Hmlth, l'lllmlllt'lll Hillllll, 'JlH;
‘llliliill‘ll llllnt. Marian lilll’lls, 'Zl‘il
llll'l'll girl, l"llll'l'l|i'i' Violin-s, ’ISH:
:l‘lllil'llh iirl, .lllllicl- .\'ierln:lll, ’SN;
‘t‘horlic, l’llul llittlnun, ’JlH; All‘.

Forbes, .lollll lioom-y, 'ZlT; Ali‘s. Ale.
tilllll'lllllly. l‘lllmllu'lll .\|i||l‘liltllll'|l,

'IH, Archil' All'lilllli'lilllly, ll'I'x l"lll>
sll‘l', 'illl: Allt'lllldl' lllilltl llolll', Holly
\\l||‘l1|ll. 'Il‘x; llol‘isi's boy, .lullll
l‘nl-nmia, 'Jlll; All'llulllll'lit' Wimpus,

.\odre_v liurllnglloul, 'Il‘il llllsil l’ell

.«ll'ugon, lam-illi- l\'nox, 'llH: llll't'tl
young things, \'crna 'l‘hompsoo, l"|ol‘
:‘Ilm' Nl'lllill'll, .‘lllll Ilol‘ls Alldl'l'won,
sophomores; Ilill Ibrl-c youllp NW“,
1' h l r | l' w \Ut'olo llh, 'lei, Ilolry

(inlllacl'. 'IlT. lllld l,l‘,~lll' |\’llo\, 'ils,

NAMES NEW SECRETARY

iglllgllw. ‘Iiti, \\.‘|~< chosl'll
ill ‘llt'll'l'li \‘lll'lll‘ll lllllli'l', IJill, lIH
ht'l'l'l’lill') of I’: liamma ,\lll. notional
' t'lalorully.

.llliilt‘h

lllllilll'l|l_\ mrlol scln'm'l'

llllla'l l'wu'ln'd as he is h-ollllg col
ll'gl' lll lln- t'llil lll' tlul ‘it'lill'ﬁlt‘l‘ ll)
:li'l'l pi a position touching eomllll'i‘ce.

ANNOUNCES RULES
Allan hllll'l‘y’ l'l. l'nbll, l‘olll'gl' lllll'll
riau. announces llllll Ihe stole college
library will bo open during the ovelr
ings ol' l"rh|ay, .lunullry ill and it].
it will ln' i'lillil'll |lll llit' l‘\'l'lll|th oi'
li‘ebl'uary ii and ii.

