 

 

 

 

An.— r t

ALBAN"t. it» 

“ not; not  cos. TEACHERS
Eli ‘ ‘3'... it...

tate Colleg

 

 

 

Von. XX, No. 20

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 1936

$2.25 Per Year,

32 Weekly Issues

 

State Sponsors
Annual Meetings

Teachers Of Area Will Attend
Round Table Conferences
Tonight, Tomorrow

‘l‘ettcltttrs from all parts of New
York State will he guests of State
college wltile attending tlte twelfth
annual round table cottferettce to he
eotttltteted hcrc tonigltt atttl tomorrow.
Professor .lolttt M. Saylcs, prittcipal

of Miltte high School, is general
chairnnta. .
Tonight at 8:15 o 'clock lit the

Page hall auditorium. Dr. Dean l".
Smiley, supervisor of health attd
physical education of the .state De-
partment of I'ltlttcation, will present
t1 program entitled “The lloate and
School llt'ﬂllll l’rogram fttr the
Secondary School Child". featuring
the display of the procedatts used.
This ptograttt will he opett to par-
ents of sttnicttts ot' Milne Itiglt. State
college students and visiting teachers.

'i‘otnorrow, the grottp conferences
are scheduled. Unly students anti
teachers ttre invited to these dis»
eussioas. The detailed progrant is
as follows:

Anatintstrntlott. il|:tlll o‘clock, room
llll Draper hall, lll'. .latnes ll. l'aimer.
professor of education. chairman;
"Problems in Adapting ttte School
I'rograat to tlte New Dlplotna lthuirc-

meats" Dr. ltohert \\'. Frederick.
assistant professor of education. dis-
cussion leader. The following princi-

pals will pttrtlelpate lll tlte routtd tttblc
discussion: Mr. lt‘t't‘tlt't‘lt'lt \\’. ('rttmb,
ot‘ Narrowsharg. Mr. t'harles ii. Flt-ids,
Stiilwaler. Mr. h‘rederiek It. l<‘nrlon;.',
t‘oeyatans. Mr. it}. .\'. .loot. Sharon
Springs, Mr. Hyde \V. Slocum. t‘ohles»
kill. Mr. Stewart H. Smith. Middleltnrg,
Mr. Wallace il. Strevell. i'illt-tn'llle,
Mr. llertrata 1’. Quota-lie, Scotin.

(initlnltce through the ( nrriettlulll.
ltlztllt o'clock. room lltl. Draper ltttll,
Dr. .I. Allan lllcits. professor of child
dcveiopttn-nt, atttl Mr. llarlnn \\'. ltay—
mood, Joint chairmen: ".\n 'ltlxperl-
meat in Art lll Stimulating interests
of t‘ltildt'en". Miss (trace Martin, in-
structor ltt art lll Milne high. “In-
Iegrallon of industrial Arts with the
t‘lassroont Subject Miss .\na littl-
fortl. elementary grades supervisor.

Dt-Iantr. “’l‘ite t‘oatrlhution ot' intlas»
trial Arts in a tiuldanee Program As
Seen by tlte Principal". Mr. h‘ritz
Hell. Atttsterdntn. "t‘ase Studies: 'l‘hc
Development of interest 'l‘hrough the
Shop lll tlther Phases of the (fur-
ricuium. livery ’l‘eticher a (tttidaace
'l‘eaciter ". Miss Margaret ii a y e s ,
assistant professor of child develop-
tnent.

Home Economics, itl:tltl o'clock, rootn
.‘l.'ltl. Milne high seltool. Mrs. A. i(.
llarsum. assistant instructor lll home

economics. cltairttttttt: “ ltttroductlon ",
Miss l'ltllth i'roper. Schenectady: “'l‘lte
Recent lit-retopntents Itt Nutrition the
search Dr. Helen S. Mitchell. Massa-
chusetts State college.

Modern Foreign Languages,
o'clot'k. roottt ltt, Draper lmil.
Winfred t‘. Decker. professor of
lllllll. chairman; "i’rcsent 'l‘rends
Mmlern Language 'l‘eachlnt.r Mr.
it}. Mositcr. suporrlsot- of modern

ill :00
Dr.
(let'—
in
ltoy
lutt»

gauges ot' the State Department of
“attention.
('lassics. 10:00 o'clock. room 20

Richardson hall. Miss lidith t), \\'al-
lace. assistant professor of Latin.
chairman: “Anaouneetaents nttd itonad
'i‘ttble Discussion". Mr. lllll'oltl ti.
’l‘hontpson. supervisor of ancient lati-

gnages ot' the State Department of
Education. "’l‘he lteadlnu of Latin
theratare by the Latin 'l‘caelter” Dr.
Ray \\'. l’ettengili, Skidmorc college.
English, tttztttl o'clock. roottt ‘_'tt,
ltlelmrdsop hall. Dr llarry \\', liast

chairman:

lacs. protessor ot' l‘llll'llh‘ll.
i’oett‘y itll'

“ Demonstration ’I‘encltlng:
:I Httperlor Section of the Eighth
Grade" \llss lltltlt H. Moore. stiller-
visor ot' l-iagiish la Milne high school:
“ l’rohletns itt t‘otttposltlott " Miss
l'ittttna M. S lleslg. t'oracll i'nivcrslly.

Mathematics. ltI-tltt o'clock. rootll '.’tlti,
Draper llllll. Dr. Itarry llirchcaoinzh.

professor of tanthettintlcs, chairman;
“’l‘lte i’laee ol' tlrnl llls‘t'ltsslttll in the
l‘lnss 'i'I-at'hitttt ol' ticotnett'y Mr.
l'lvao .\ Nelson. Albany acatlettty.
illvtory ontl Httt'itll Science. Lounge
of lllehnrtlson ltall. Dr. A, W Illslcy.

(Wont/natt/ ott pity/t .’, column 3']

Lenten Services

To Start Monday

in keeping \\llll the IIaster spirit,

l.t'llll‘|l Ht'l‘\lt'es \\ill tit't'lll'_\‘ the I

prominent place on the Young
Women’s t‘liristittu association pro
grant llt'\l neck, (in Mon-lav :tt'tet'
ttoon at Izltl o'clock, attd 'l'uesday,
morning at Mill o‘eloelt, there will
llt' l.l'lllt‘ll s't't't‘lt't's ttt the \llllltltl
licsidcltcc llllll. Also on \'t'etlne~<la\

afternoon lll l:ltl o'clock and 'l'httrs
day morning at Nzltl o’clock similar
services will he coltdltt'tetl hy the
Y. W. (‘. A. in the Lounge of Richard
salt latll, ilev. liltllte of the i"irst
l'reshylerian t'httrcli of Albany will
speak at the \\'et|nesday Itit‘t'lllll_',.

 

April First Sees Tynan
Modeling Soiree Attire

Dressed iii the latest spring
formal for women, with the deli-
cate scent of lavender in his
golden tresscs, Danton 'i‘ynan,
escorted by an oltliging cotcric
of admiring sophomores moved
gracefully before an enthralled
audience of fctttalc froslt at the
Alumni Residence ltall. Front his
dettturc attitude ttnd exotic attire,
it was plainly evident that Soiree
had gtntc to ltis head.

The “snatch” was executed
witlt a precision unprecedented
for so small a group and so deli-
cate a task. 'i‘ynan was pittcked
just after he had hidden goodbye
to a fair hload damsel, rushed
ittto an automobile, ttntl whisked
away to a secret rendezvous.
()nce tlterc, the sophomores dis-
p'aycd a line taste of artistry itt
the decoration of ’i‘ynan with
“Soiree” written on his fore
head attd “ ’33" on his cltitt iii
a beautifully vivid shade of
ntercttrochroate. Following this
operation a “perfume” of doubt-
t'ttl origin was applied to his hair.

’l‘ynan was treated with all the
respect dtte a freshman president.
ile struggled valiantly against the
odds (this sounds good although
the tttttttbcr ot' Sophs was even),
hut faced the inevitable with n
cotntnendahle spirit of true sports-
tnanship.

C

 

 

 

Student Assembly
To Hear Program

Of Varied Issues

The tirst order of business itt tltc
student assentth at ll :10 this mora-
ittg will he a rcvotc on the resolution
which was presented at the close of
last week’s session. This resolution
ctmcerns the requiring of 'andidates
for presidettt of the student associa-

tiott to present a “platform” eta-
hodying proposed activities which
they will initiate ittto the student
association lit the event they are
elected.

lt‘ollowiag tltis, a panel discussion
on “Peace atnl Neutrality” trill he
conducted by a group of members
of ti committee investigating the
“ i’eaee l't-obleta. llay Hughes, ’36,
will act as chairman.

The report of the Point System
Revision cottnnittec will also he pre-
sented this tttorttittg with the new
'ttting program by which points will
he apportioned to various student
extra-curricular activities. Action
on tltis proposed ratittg will he do—
t’erred tttttil Friday, April 2st.

Nominations for the otlieers of the

,’

student association for the coating
yea r will likewise he tttatle. 'l‘hese
will itteltttle nominations for the

ofﬁces of president, vice-president and
secretary.

American Schools
Sponsor Summer
European Tours

'l'wo l'oconos physical attd recrea~
tioual tours to l‘larope will he spotr
sored by leaders from colleges and
schools iii the i'ttitetl Htates this sunt-
tllt'l‘. llr. Nash, director of physical
education at .\'ew York university,
will head the group of study tours.

 

Hailings will he on the Hamburg
Ann'ricutt and North tiermaa Lloyd
lilies either July 7 or 211, and llll'

lreltttning date. September L', for 37
land lit day tours, respectively.
Miss Margaret Hitchcock, instructor
lit physical education, will be a tltt'ttl'
‘Itet- ol' the tour. .\ll‘\tillt‘ wishng in
tt'orntnllon is asked to see Miss llitch
‘t'ot‘lt ill ltt'l' tilllt't' lil'tillt llllllll to liliilll
daily. 'l'he :qqtt'oxintate cost of the
,ltrip \till he soon,

l

The l'ldunrd l'Ildretl l'otter t'ltth
will conduct its tllllllittl ltnaqnet atn
'l'hnrsday night at 6:00

the l'ltilip Hcltuyler din

'nteetittg
o'cloel.‘ :tt

\\'illetl tlttllll

,l FRATERNITY TO MEET
l

ing room on street.
Murphy, ’37, is general chairman.
llt‘. .l. .\llatt lllt'lt's. prot’tssor ot'

 

,etlttcutlon, will he guest speaker, and
l'Itlward Kramer, ’Jlti, will act as
ltoasttaastcr. tltlter honorary t’acalty
tttteotlur» and several alumni will
'attend,

Dormitory Co-eds
To Have Formal
Dance Tomorrow

The Alttnttti Residence ltall will
conduct a formal dance tomorrow
night itt the Ingle room from 9:00 to
1:00 o’clock. Dorothy Whyte, ’36,
is general chairman of the event. The
plans for the dattcc are iteittg made
with a garden theme as the central
idea.

The faculty guests will be: Dr.
James Allan Hicks. professor of eda~
cation, ttttd Mrs. llicks, Mr. George
M. York, professor of commerce, attti
Mrs. York, Dr. liat'ry W. Hastings,
professor of English, tttttl Mrs. Hast-
ings, Mr. Louis t'. Jones, instructor
in English, attd M Jones, Mr. Wil-
liattt G. Kennedy, assistant professor
of chemistry, and Mrs. Kennedy, l_)r.
ilotvard A. Dollcll. assistant professor
of mathematics, attd Mrs. Dollell, Miss
M. Annette Dobbin, instructor itt
l“|‘t'll('l1, Miss lielcn ilttlter, assistant
professor of social science, Dr. A. W.
llisley, professor of history, arid Mrs.
llislcy, Dr. James ll. Palmer and
Mrs. Palmer.

'l‘he committees for the dance are
as follows: music, ittitlt Lewis, ’35),
chairman, ltutlt 'l‘attttcr. ’37, Louise
i'tnlcrwood, ‘Iltl, and Elaine Morse,
'iltl: decorations, Stella Sampson,
chairman, Ruth ’i‘nnner, ’37, Minttie
Strauss, ’39, Dorothy Warren, Kath-
eryn llayes, Margaret. Smith, Mar-
garet Webb, and Margaret Mattison,
freshmen; refreshments, l\'ather_va
O’Brien, ’3”, cltairtnatt, Marjorie,
Dart-lama, Eleanor \\'ickham, Mary
()ttdcrkirk, Ruth Cass, Margaret
lliekock. llctty Dodge, atnl Attdrcy
Netl’. freshmen; programs, .lentt
Strong, ’39, chairtttatt, it‘ranccs House.
’14.", Charlotte Fox, and llctsy
titteater, freshmen: faculty, Beverly
Walther, ’37, chairman, Merriam
(tould, ’38, Lillian liines. I'lelen
Dunning, attd Maritnt ('ardin, fresh-
men; clean-up, Dec Jesse, ’39, chair-
man, it‘rceda Kut'ltltill, Ilcrniee Latit-
hertoa, Marjorie iiora, Harriet
lrecnc, Della Dolaa, and (‘ltatis
llntnp, freslnacn.

Former Professor
Dies in Florida

Richmond Henry ix'irtland, who to
tired itt 1934 after 35 years as pro
fessor of English and education, died
at Fort Myers, Florida, Monday,
following an acute case of appeti-
tlicitls.

As professor of " lid 9”, a fresh-
ntctt orientatiott course through 1934,
Professor lx’irtland hccattte a friend
of every ttadcrgrttduate.

Dr. A. it. Bruhaclter. president,
on the occasion of the faculty fare-
well for Professor Kirtland in June
littt», paid him high respect when
he said: “ lie is, by common consent,
the ntost versatile ntcttther of our
faculty, excelling itl litertttttrc, art.
philosophy, and science. llis
classrooms ltttve heett the places of
dynamic discussions, with tlll intel-
lectual cltttllettge to every student.
'l‘ltat is education.”

 

IS CHAIRMAN

  

Dorothy Cain, vice-president of
the sophomore cl a s s , who is
g e n c r til director of tonight's
soit'ee.

 

Election Day
To Be April 21

Three Lower Classes Will Choose
New Ofﬁcers On Tuesday
After Vacation

Voting for next year’s otlicers will

conducted by the three lower
classes ttt noon on April 21, the
’l‘uesday following l‘laster recess.
The freshmen will meet in roottt Bttti,
the sopltotttorcs itt room Ill, and the
juniors itt roont 1201, all of Draper
itall.

All students must ltave paid class
does lll order to vote, and hotlt dues
attd student tax in order to run for
otltce. No student may run for more
than one class otiicc; failure to with-
draw front excess nominations will
tttcatt the cancellation of all nomintr
lions for a person.

The nominees for senior president

be

are: Alice Allard, llarry tiamaer,
Il-obert Margison, 'i‘hotnas Meehan.
()thcr nominations are: vice-presh
dent, ()tlette (‘ourtincs, Rosemary
Dickinson, i'ivelyn ilatttatttt, t‘harlcs
Matthews, 'l'homas Mcelitttt, tfarol
Mires, Atttte itaad', secretary, lien

Latiraa, i‘Iliaor Nottingham. IMarian

Hitttltes; treasurer, ilarry (iumtter,
iiclea Mctlowan; reporter, .lolta
(‘ullctL

 

((‘onliaarrl on page 3!, column I)

 

“She must be willing, hut ttot too
eager." said State college t'reslt-
man this the inquiring
teportet- popped on ltitti the popular

week when

 

.qttestion of what makes a "desirable

tda te. " “Hire must he tl gootl

ldattcer. not over L’J-n ttttd no baby

ilttllt' " lint a State senior inttaedi

ttttt'ly wanted to know: “Why not
’7!

lltttH' lltl‘ltl eager.
.\ sophomore llltlll grew ttllllel'ttie
tin response to llte inquiry, ,itttlgiag

, that “personality, pnlcltrittnlc. atnl
proximity (within lt'ttl tallest ” tll't‘
the chief requisites. A ,ittltitit'

i

l

ltttrncd out to he more indcilnite: “l
,tttaat an even lllllllllt'l' tt‘.g., l'ltllll."
t 'l‘ltc wisdom of attollter senior
tsought “a nice taste in hats, so yott
can see whom you're with. Also
independence, atnl ttot too much talk
ing." .\ graduate student was most
conservative of all, slitting that
looked for “a good (lancer. easy to
talk to, good looking and a passable
dresser, who appears enthusiastic
although not too much so.”

he j

Eager Girls Are Banned by Men,
Survey of Requisites Indicates

 

“i like a girl who listetts when
you feel like talking anti doesn’t
ttallt when you don ’t feel like it.”

lstnted a prominent ntelnher of Kappa
illeltn llho. Making the round of
ltuea's groups, the reporter found a
;leatler ot' the Edward l'Ildretl i’ottct
,clah interested itt girls "somewhat
,athletic.” .\ well known (‘ollege
[house authority felt that “a girl
'should know what to do. She doesn't

ltll\t' to be good looking, httt must

present a tteat appearance, Hhc

tattst ltttte lots of l‘tllllllltlll Ht'ttnt'.”
tlne member of the virility was

anxious to comment upon a requisite
ntade by a State college Inaitlctt lll
(last week's .\'r.ws that "lie should
the a good dancer, it' they intend to
‘dunce." "Now we want to know,"
,tls‘ltt'tl the critic, “just what t/ul/
,expect to do it' "'1 don’t expect to
dance, ”

Summarizing a prominent ladies’
man the requisites held by many t
Flute male: “A little shorter, it
tlittle younger, and able to dattce and
talk.”

 

 

Spotlight Will Focus Tonight
On Traditional Sophomore Soiree

Class Of 1938 To Conduct Dance
In Aurania Club Ballroom;
Val Jean Will Play

To the strains of Val Jean and his
New England Champions, the sopho-
mores attd their guests will open the
spring social season with the anauzii
soiree itt the Aurania Club ballroom.
Dorothy Cain is general chairman of
the dance.

The decorations in bitte and gold
will ndortt the center lights and the
side lamps. A tropical effect will be
secured with the use of palms. The
’38 httttttcr will hold the most prom-
inent position, but. will be out of
rivalry during the hours of the dance.

Special features of the affair will
include a tttidaight waltz and a color
wheel which will illutnine the ballroom.

In order to avoid confusion as to
where to meet partners for dances,
each corner of tlte dance ﬂoor will be
designated by one of the class num-
bers l———ll—.‘l——8. With this arrange-
tttcttt one will he able to make certain
itt which corner he will meet his part-
ner for the eschange dance.

this for the soirce are $2.50 and
ntay he secured in room X all day
today.

The faculty guests of the sopho«
tttore class will include: Miss Ilclcn
ll. Morclantl, dean of women: Dr.
('arolinc 'Croasdale, college physician;
and Mr. aldward It. (.‘ooper, instructor
itt commerce, anti Mrs, Cooper. Chap-
erottes will be Mr. Adam A. Walker,
professor of economics and sociology,
attd Mrs. Walker, ttnd Dr. Howard
DoBcll, assistant professor of mathe-
matics, anti Mrs. Dollell.

Committees assisting Miss Cain
are: arrangements, Kathryn l'lohhic,
chairman, Dorothy l-iancr, Jean
iiichcttstein, tittd Marjorie Grist;
music, ilichnrd (,‘ox, chairman, Doro-
tltca Kline, Mariel Goldberg. Kathryn

 

ltyaa, attd Florence Zahtxa. refresh-
tttettts, Martha Conger, chairman,
John Neuhs, Ursula 'l‘etrauit, attd
lt‘laan Bliss; chaperoaes, Elizabeth

Matthews, chairman, Mildred Night-
ittgalc, Marion Ilall, Frances Gildca,
ttnd llarrict Shear; tlowers arid taxis,
Florence Neihnch, chairman, Sylvia
Mail's and Mary Elizabeth Carey.
Door, L'dward Reynolds and Michael
('ymlntlak; floor, Charles Gaylord,
cltairnttttt, Agatino Natoii, Henry
tiroea, Alfred 'i‘rchaaoa, ittttit l-Ioff—
man, and Doris Anderson; programs
atttl bids, Lucille Zttk, chairman of
distribution, and Jane Malaney, chair-
man of printing, llelea 'llcnway, Vir-

ginia ’l‘rttvis, Clttrcnce Van Ettea,
attd Patti Ditttttatt.
Decorations, Christine Derslnmer

ttttd Warren Denstnorc, co-citnirtttea,
Mary Dowling, Paul Sclmntz, Agnes
Hchcitler, am] John Schotteaherg: tn-

vitntioas, Sally Whelaa, chairman,
Marion llarns, ltosc Cafnrclla, and
Eleanor Duilois; publicity, itath

l"rot-tt, chairman, iletty .Mtpcldoorn,
.loha D’ilrien, Leslie Knox, Ilarold
littiacs, Ruth Mullen, and Marion
llisactt: ttttd chcekroom, ltohcrt
Decker and Joseph Vidmar.

Norton To Head
Dramatics Play

May 28 and 29

Miss Agnes l‘i. it‘uttercr, assistant.
professor of English, ltas announced
the cast for the Advanced Drtttnatics
production of “llcrltelcy Square"
to be given May 2K and Sit in ’age
ltttll auditorium.

llugh Norton. ’Ilti, \\'lll play the
part of “l'cter Standish," the ll‘iltl,
and Alice Allard, 'il7, will he “ lielett

 

l‘ettigrew.” the heroine. l'llizahcth
Menry. '557. will play “Kate l’etti-
grew.” and \‘iucent Dottelttte, ’Jlt‘t,

“'l‘om l’cttigrew.”

'l‘he cast also includes: “Lady
.\nn i’ettigrew," Lula ilntl'cy, ’37;
the maid, Agnes 'i‘orreas, ’37; “Mr.
'l‘hrostlc,” ’l‘ltotaas Kelly, ’37; the
ambassador, (‘ecil Walker, ’30;
"Mrs. llttl'\\'lt'lt,” Lillian Olson, ’37;
"Marjorie l“l‘tllll,” llca hatlrua,
’.‘t7: "Major t‘liatoa," l’aul Ditt-
tnatt, ’38; “Miss llarryntorc,” Mary
ham, ’37; the Duchess of Devonsltire.
Alma Hnyder, ’37: "Lord Huntley,”
tinrtleld Artlmr, ’38; “the Duke of
t‘amherland,” (leorge Mttcltcy, ’37.

