 

s  la 9 31;: :47: 1.--”..-a In- a i

 

 

. ‘I’CRJW... f
.33.. and professor oon whi

canvremember  shared shimmers indigﬁa.‘ ‘

. . Q

. _ y can t th guys ever r'oduce areal, honest,

tovgoshg. doWn'to'earth'pictUre o undergraduate life?“

_ -I used tb‘ask; myself. Having recently been one of'“tho.se

guys", I can cite several reasons why college pictures

I are as they are and perhaps always will remain muchias

they are.

The av _ theateregoer associates youth, music, love.
beauty. gaiety, and laughter (never books) with college

' life, and consequently expectsto see these elements in a

college picture. The ﬁlm producer, whose natural showv
manly preference lies more in .the direction of snappy

dialogue and dance routines than classroom dignity,

knows this-and ispreprir'ed- to meet the demand. His
pictures are'intended for the ﬁlnvgoing public as a whole,
and not solely for a few hypercritical students. For this
reason most college iilrns. outside of the annual football
epic (for which I offer no apologies). are musicals.

Producers feel. and perhaps rightfully, that they are
giving the great mass of theatervgoers what they expect.
A painstakingly roduced picture based on college life as
it actually is might be a dismal failure. We college 'people
might not even'appreciate it. After all. twentieth cent

_ "”'”"""mry pioneering. especially in the cinema, comes a bit

expensive. and the producer, if he wants to stay in busi
ness very long, must keep his eye on box ofﬁce grosses,
not on the :1 b‘ ed criticisms of a few collegiate

 

1936

 

is: K. ‘ "ng

 

"Tooth, Music, Love, Gaiety, had Laughter~~Neiierbooks'l

purists. .He holds his job by the amount of black ink he
can put on the company ledger, not by the number of
artistic hurrahs he is ab e to arouse.

OR can alumni, no matter how perfectly they cow .

formed to the collegiate pattern of life in pre—
diploma days. be expected to defend undergraduate
realism. A year olf the campus and the average alumnus

' is more apt to remember the good time he had at such‘

andvsuch Christmas formal. the weekend of the Purdue
game, or in the Mask E? Wig show rather than the fact
that during exam weeks he ordinarily lost ten pounds and
annexed a few vrey hair's. It is the same With college
grads in a stu in conference. Confessing no serious
intent, they strive to put as much entertaining frivolity as

possible in the scenariomdramatizing college life‘ never ‘ g

was meant to be a sad task.

In preparing any college story it is amazing to discover
how very readin all college types, both real and imag—
inative. lend themselves to caricature. The Joe College

 

 m-
. at‘ - v . t
,. g’ﬁébﬂ-ﬁh-mwam.

HE BLIZ'ABETHAN AGE is being put over
. with a bang at Grinnell College. at least
musically, by the Grinnell Madrigal Singers.
who have made their programs so popular that
they are being called on to fill many on'campus
and oif'campus engagements. .

sum aaotawsai. am Island State College .
- jiaiior, u the unwary cadet 60km! of that insur-
tution s R.  T.  mp5. ‘ '

 

 

 

freshman; the cross Dean, a perfect heavy in every case;
the coved‘heroine, usually portrayed as a sweet, delectible
Dream Princess; the hard'boiled football coach, always a
character builder; the towering Adonis who plays full‘
back and causes feminine hearts to flutter; and as for the
absent'minded professorwpick up any college" comic
magazine and you'll ﬁnd plenty of jokes about him.

9
' When one takes into consideration the natural tendency
toward exaggeration for dramatic effect in presenting these
characters, it is little wonder they appear as they do on
the screen. Realism doesn't seem to have a place in? a

' colkge picture. And for this reason college pictures

always have been and, I am afraid, always will be de—

signed to please the eye and ear and not provide food for.

cerebral meditation.



' no i
al mu‘ofap 

WWHW-Wm'M-mf—wm

 jg was 

lHi-lAH i’tQ-Ct i’lv'

NO INDEED. SON. 9A. IS SO
FRAGRANT, COOL, AND
SOOTHING, IT MAKES ANY
PIPE A PlPE OF PEACE I .
The minute you llght up P. 4.,
you know you’ve met as cool and
mellow and fragrant a tobacco as
you’ll ever want. No other tobacco
is like it. Prince Albert charms
. away your cores—brightens the
long hours of study. It is “crimp out." That makes
cooler smoking, keeps pipes sweeter. P. A. does not
bite the tongue. It’s's national favorite.me
invitation to all college men to try P. A. without risk.

 rescue 2:519:32;  I ;.|
hi5 5:  A Ad'i'ix - i'i'i'i': a (1'1?) A ‘

SMOKE 20 PIPIFULS UNDII NO-IISK OIIIII

Smoke 20 fragrant plpeluls of Prince Albert. I! you don't ﬁnd it the mellow-

ost. tastiest pipe tobacco you ever smoked. return the pocket tln vlth the

rust of the tobacco In it to us at my time within a uonth from this date, and
we will refund full purchase price. plus postage.

(Sign-ll R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY

Winston-Salons, North Carolina

 x _

x3.-
'5

.

1‘1

Pius Ia: ALBERT'maa

.In' ,1; " lxvu‘ y‘a‘i‘r--\:+>rv rl-l) p v?“ vl'lrggr'vv,;:l '11:?
' ‘ aMa‘Qkxa-scaégiaa as» 7*. as»

H ~

V
l
A

 

‘31.!
. v

s3, &

.A

tale of frs- .-

50  tobacco in '
out 24mm:- tln '

y of no. Albert

w‘f

‘—
ossMAiur Bassoon-moss played the 
lead role in the Loyola University

(Chica 0) College Players' production of

Frank Eraven's New Brooms. and

 . ,.   . , , [Brown-universitygma
"Maury or momma swimming m Mat

ted electric parser to train his

1 . . , . , given its prewar 804,. m
 m’ misread

aims.

BAKING A CORNELL JERSEY, Lou Little, Columbia's
' hty mentor of the gridiron, kneels on a massive foot!

ball as e is initiated into New York‘s exclusive Circus Saints

Sinners Club.

_ Y “vm‘hdgd?  t?"ch in the  at 

I . I r  . . .

ceuionofMenduli/QHQHWW» v wﬂggugpofm  a w. 1', '
, gm divisional, it

with usefulnessvrtputstioné; 1 .

"a

 

