 

tate Colleg »

 

 

Von. XX. No. 18

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 20, 1936

$2.25 Per Year, 32 Weekly'Issues

 

Registrar Lists
Honor Students

Two Hundred Ten Receive High
Rating On Dean's List
For First Term

Two hundred tcii students hate
been named on the Dean’s List for

high scholastic acliicveiricut. This
number is three less than the two
hundred thirteen students making

honors for the corresponding semes-
ter of last year.

The number of students front each
class is according to seniority. the
seniors leadingr the honor group with
seventy-three names.

The following are those who made
“honors”:

(1mm of I031;

Agostlnc, ltoscllii lattihe. Nina
Altman. Ralph .aurenzo. lrene
Aiiiyot. herald Levine. lltil'tl

Baird. l-llaine l.ewls. Allen

Boli‘c. Rita Lewis. .liiiict
Bowers. Margaret l.oih. llelen

Bret-n. Mary lv‘. Mct'onvillc. ('liarlcs
Butcher. Earl Maillonuld. t'

 
 

Carllno. .losepli

Cerrlto. .leanne  eMlllcn. llarid

Classen. Huldah Merchant. John
Davis. Elizabeth Nelson. llnvid
Edwards. Leila Nickerson, Rittli

Norton. llugh
U'llrli .r. livelin
l'arls. (“atherlnc
l’eklns. Et'clyn
l’elkey. lt‘rnnklln
I’rltchurd. l‘h’tlll
Qiilgley. James
Rogers. llavid
Rogers. l'illlllltl
Rtidd. Sarah
Schneider. Mildred
Shiirkcy. Marla
Sheldon. tlraee
Slilnuers. Vera
Shoor. Augusta
Stone. lJorls
Stoolhot’t'. Inez
’l‘:i.vlor. Norma
’l‘yiiiesoii. Marion
\‘iinlletvarlt. M.
Wheatoii. Marjorie
\t'iedor. Reva
\‘iitvcer. Jane

Esniond. Irwin
Fincn. llelen
It‘olaiid. Robert
Foley. Nadina
Fonda, Carolyn
Fournler. .\l.vrle
Fox. William
Freeman. Rtitli
Fllllllll'tll'. William
Geeslcr. Miiric
Gritlin. Ailtt'iltlt'l
Grossuian. Phyllis
llaniniersley. Uoi'is
Ilildeiilirnnd. Elsie
Hobhle, l-Ielen
Hither, Norbert
Humphrey. .leiinue
.lillson. lreiie
Kalaltljlan. M.
Kane. Mary

Kapp. Dinah
Keichnrn. (tcorge
Kline. lii'iiee
Kolker. lleiijainin

(Coalition! on pay/t. ’

.i. t'ollllllll ..)

Dramatics Council
Names Anne Rand

of Anne ltand,
’37, to the Dramatics and Art council
was announced last week by Marjorie
Wheaten, ’36, president.

The appointment

Val Jean To Play

For Sophomores
At Annual Soiree

\'iil .lean and his New England
C‘hainpions will he the featured
artists at Sophomore Soiree on Fri-
day. April 3, iii the Aurauia club
from nine to two o ’clock, according

to Richard Cox. chairman of the
marinittcc on music. Val Jean and
his band were recently declared

champions of all New England dance
hands. The outtit consists of two
thousand dollars worth of instru-
ments and boasts of many unusual
and entertaining arrangements. \':1]
.lcaii is very popular with eastern
colleges having played at such places
as Dartmouth, Amherst, and Wil-
liams.

Faculty guests of the Sophomore

class will include: Dr. Howard A.
llollell, professor of mathematics.
and Mrs. lloltell; and Professor
Adam A. Walker, professor of eco-

nomics. and Mrs. Walker. chaperones:
Dr. A. R. Brubacher. president, and
Mrs. liriibachcr: Miss lleleu ll.
Morelaiid. dean of women; arid Dr.
(‘aroline ('roasdale. college physician.

l’iids. which will be $2.50. trill beoii
sale in room _\' starting \\'cilncsday.

Eunice H. Avery
Will Lecture Here

0
On National Issue

The Almanac of Beta Zeta sorority
will present Miss Eunice I-Iarriet
Avery in a lecture Thursday night at
Writ“ o’clock in Page hall. Miss
Avery will talk on “Washington
News on the Home Front.” Among
other topics she will discuss the pres-
cnt Rhincland situation.

Miss llelcii ’l‘. Fay, manager of
the t'ollegc (‘o-operativc Book store,
,and honorary member of the sorority,
iis general chairman of the event. She
tl< assisted by Miss lloris ltiddick, of
ithe lt‘ensselaer Iligh sehool faculty,
.Miss Alice Homes, of the Schenectady
faculty, and Mrs. Leo Jarry of Al—
gbany.

Among the patroncsscs of the Ice-
tiire are Mrs. Herbert ll. Lehman,
Mrs. A. It. llrtihncher. Mrs. A. W.
ltisley. Mrs. Ralph Clauscn; Misses
Mary l‘I. ("onklin and Katherine E.
i\\'hceliug. stipt‘l‘visoi's of English;

 

\ u i. .. t ) v. .  . 1 .\ .L I AllSs ticrtruvle llonglas, assistant pro-
.. iss ‘tilllt was iamatns .iin . r . . ' I ,‘
cub iii her freshman rear, and thislimst” “l I'mlo‘sli'i MISS Ml'm'“ bmt'

your was chairman of props for IllCl’il’H’r “SSlSlmll I’l"'f"55t‘l' “f l‘l“l“l~,’."i

elementary dramatics class produc- lAll-“S I’l‘lllll “I‘lll‘ll'l‘v llHSlﬁl‘llll l’m'
tions in January. She is also a mem- l it‘s-"ll" 0‘? Limlli “ltd M155. Lilum
1,0,. Ut- llw whine, up the young ’I hompsoii. manager of the catcteria.

 

Women’s Christian association and of
the I’trltir/ogur literary staff. 
'l‘hc incinbcrshir of the l). and An
council now consiists of: Miss \\'hea-t Alumnae Week-end
ton and Elizabeth tiriftin, seniors;! The Hirls’ Athletic association
Elllill’i‘ll' M““"." “"‘l MlSS liilll‘b‘tvill conduct its annual Alumnae
juniors; and Dorothy Manor and Sally , “Wk ..,,.1 m.“ suturmpp, Wm, “1,5,...
“WWW”; St’l'l'Ullum's- bi-tli llobbie. ’Ilti. as geiic'al chair
—— man of events. and l'ilsa Smith. ’ItT.
TO SPEAK THURSDAY assistant. The program includes
Miss Parkhurst of the Bureau of two basketball games, the winter
Vital Statistics will be the guest; >|>orts award banqut‘t, lllllll'lllll-f "X’
speaker at the Mathematics club rneet- . lllbitions. and the annual lrouluelor
:Jlti o’clock 1 Athletic association production.

t‘oiniuittcc chairmen assisting Miss
’36, president. Miss Parkhurst is as-l llohhie

, are as follows: programs.
sistant to Dr. DePorte, head of thot'l‘hehna Miller, UH; banquet, Martha
bureau of Vital Statistics. and

Athletes To Have

tth‘

ing 'l‘hiirsdny evening at T ‘
in room ltll. according to Rosa Peters-.1

H Martin. 'Ilti; publicity. Mary llarbow,
i’oriner professor of nutthcnnttics ittl’ilT: athletics. l'Ilizabctli Morozowski.
State college. ller topic Will b0 ’JlT. and aiinouncemcnts. l‘liyllis
“Mathematicians in Statistics." .lobson.

Louie and Hardy Cleverly Clown
For "Sophos” of "Table Round”

Anyone who is going tliiough the , father’s baggngc" a “heathen green
pains and toi'lui'is of writing it I't‘- rlllll'tll"’ :ixsitils the palace \\'lu,~i‘e"‘sat
paper can secure \nlnalrlc‘dnt't littlc llt'l'lilt‘.'l\tllgllt ot the
assistance from either Louie and |h'oo/.". Around llllll the “llrooz
lluidv i\lr. Louis t‘. Jones and Mr. men with inlinitc craft. sat on their
\\'illi.-'.i.. ti. llaidy. instructors lllll'tllllllt‘h tbziunchcs) and laughed and
I'inglishi or anyone who attended the. ‘ laughed".
Hophoinore banquet on Monday. 3 However. an encounter s o o n
t‘onliniv to the last edition of llltllollll‘lt‘tl. "First they pushed a llltlt
il.otlie and Hardy tallied not lpill up and down a silly hill, it'all

,.,.
il‘ .

sea l --h

 

.'\' v'\ :~, '
onl "How Not to Write a t‘ollege,‘it pushbnll if you “till. {\cxt tl
lit‘N'lll’t‘ll I’npcr". .gi'i-nt debate arose Is it better to
('lollied in the dignitv ot' lvlllt'iliitt‘ and lose than never to have n
crepe paper >li.‘t\\ls, All‘nbi.-. -lIIll(‘5’|"llillll’l' to choose!" \\nri'iiig con
and Hardy gate a lengthy discourseitinut-s "until. the whole damn place
entitli'd “ l"rngnn-iits t'i'oiii Sopbos”. has got the Jitters”. I
The “medic\nl romance” note a The authors’ l‘ln \'oi shows In hand
fascinating talc oi “the \|.\ red of genius, one spark of wit. btit

castles of King lirubalt” and “.\'cl- mostly \\ll out.

so“. llultc, lliglit the llenn”. 'l'he “We’re pleased to have met with

fairest of all the castle armies was t‘liincy \'iin l'lttcn

“the Blue. victors once o’er the And cttcn . . . aml ctten
of lied”. With “grand- and ettt-ii "

army

Hall To Present
Fashion Parade

Co-Eds Will Show Latest Styles
And Harmonizing Make-Up
For College Women

 

 

State college will enter the fashion
parade on Monday night, when the
co-cds of the Alumni Residence halls
will present the latest in fashions for
women. The show will be in the
ingle room of the main Residence
hall and will begin at 8:00 o’clock.
The show will he under the direction
of Miss lleleii liiirghci', social di-
rector.

'l‘he all'air trill not only include the
showing of styles, but will touch on
the art of the general improvement of
the appearance of the college woman,
including att'active and correct stat-
ure, positions in sitting, and also new
and attractive modes of grooming the
hair, wearing of footwear, care of
hands, ankles, and feet. The models
will be classified according to iridi-
tidiial mental, as well as physical,
differences. The psychology of colors
for different temperaments will be iii-
cluded. One of the aims of the show
is to reveal to the students how to
minimize their defects and maximize
their attractive qualities. Other top
ics which will he featured will be
discussions of etiquette of dress, the
appropriate accessories for various
costtiiiies, and clothes budgeting.

The costumes will he supplied by
Whitney's department store, and the
facial make-up will be in charge of
Mrs. Riley, cosmeticiaii at Whitney ’s.

Mrs. Ilradley (‘ariiell will speak on
“(load Taste in Clothes.” Music for

the program will be furnished by
Mary Anne l’empoiiio, ’Jlb‘. and
Margaret Mattison, ’39.

included in the arrangements will
he Miss lietsy (it‘liilll, graduate of St.
Agnes schOol, who will be in charge of
the wardrobe, Miss Elsie Eastoii of
\\'liitncy’s, who will take 'are of the
afternoon and evening wear, and
Miss lieadoin, who will take charge of
the sports wear. Margaret Steele,
’35“. a reporter on the Albany Evening
News. is in charge of publicity.

'l‘hc residcnts of the dormitory who
will model the costumes are: Elaine
llnird and Dorothy Whytc. seniors:
Isabel lJavidgc, ’37, Christine Der-
shimer. llorothy llaner. Mary l.)owl-
iiig. lt’ose lx'lirkliill, llope ltogcrs.
.Ntella Sampson. l'Idna Warren, and
ll"riinces \\'ol/.al(. sophomores; and
lltnthcrinc Adams. lillill (ass. Athena
1itummings, Helen (.iibsoii, llelcn
ll.o\\‘i‘_\', Regina Murphy, Mary Nolan,
‘llelcn l’i'ussik. Marcia Hirlin. Jean
iMrong, Virginia \\'egcner. and Anne
‘\\'ilsoii, freshmen.

 

Jones Announces
Varied Schedule
F or Debate Team
rapidly for
schedule for

l I

l’lans arc progressin.j

.lltl active varsity debate

lthe second semester, as is shown by

,‘the announceim-nt today of Mr. Louis
C. Jones, instructor in English and
‘di-btlle conch.

l The llebntc council, in collaboration
‘with Mr. Jones, has put forth a spc~
lcial effort this year to arrange a
lwidc schedule for State’s forensic
lltll‘iitbt't's in orch to raise the interest
,of the college in that form of inter-
‘collcgiate competition.

The following students will icpl'c
sent State in intercollegiate debating
ldui'ing the month of April: b'alph
’Attman, graduate sltltlt'lll. and John
Murphy, ’37, ltliucn college, Weiliics
.day, April I; I'Idwnrd liramcr. ’iltt.
and [twin Stinger, 'I’iT, \\'cll.~ college,
i'l'hurmlay. April "‘ Aubrey Kalbnugh
land "iHlll l’i'itclinl‘d, sciiioi's. Syi'ti
’i'llM' university, Monday, ti;

 

April
.\\'illiam Iiiadt and t'harlcs liaylord,
,‘sophomoi'cs. t‘orncll university:
aleanne Lichenstcin ainl l“loreiicc
’Zubres, sophomores, St. Rose college,
'l‘hiirsday. April (to.

The Syracuse, t‘orncll and St. Rose
debates trill he conducted in Albany,
while the State debaters will journey
to the other colleges to uphold their
issues.

 

c3hr c{littiiiuniiiniu

The news of the sudden death
of Josephine Kirby, of the
class of 1937, art Wednesday
morning, saddened the entire
student hotly of the college.
Miss Kirby had been ill but
three days before her death
front pneumonia.

Miss Kirby was a resident
of Glen Cove, Long Island, and
a graduate of the high school
of that town. The burial serv-
ice will be conducted there.

At college, Miss Kirby was
a member of Chi Sigma Theta
sorority. She took part in
many of the class Moving-tip
Day and Campus Day stunts,

and was prominent oit class
committees. She was also a
member of the staff of the

Peder/011w, college year book.

 

 

 

Library Students
To Take New York
Trip During Recess

The Library cltih will take its
aiiiitial trip to the metropolitan hook
centers of New York city the tveek
of April 9 to lo. Ursula Miller.
graduate sttident, is president of the
cltib and is completing arrangements
for the journey.

Miss Martini l’ritchard, professor
of librarianship, will accornl’iaiiy the

group which will consist of 57
graduate students. seniors and sum-
nier school students. The libraries

to which the group will pay particu-
lar visits are the New York Public
arid the .l. 1’. Morgan libraries.
They will also visit the Lincoln and
the Horace Mann schools, the Brook-
lyn t‘hildrcn’s Museum. the New
York Times, and the It. W. Wilson
:iiid llouhleday lloran publishing
companies.

Among the well-known people
whom they will meet are Miss Anne
('ai'roll Moore. head of the chil-
dren’s libraries of New York city,
and Miss l‘Inton. librarian of the
Lincoln school. Miss Mary llall, of
ltrooltlyn High school. who is known
as the Dealt of high school libraries.
will be the guest of honor at the

Debates, Motions l

To Be LAssembly

Freshman-Sophomore Contest,
Naming Of Signum Laudis,
Will Be Today

TO OPPOSE TUITION BILL
.__._i.____

Other Motions Propose Changes
In Constitution. By-Laws
Of Student Body

A freslinian‘sophomore debate, com-
bining the inter-class rivalry and in-
tra-mural playoff contests, will head
the agenda for this morning’s assem-
bly. Paul Bulgcr, ’36, president of the
Student association, stated today.
The announcement of new members
of Siginiin liillldlil, senior honorary
scholastic society, ttlltl the consider-
ation of three resolutions will com-
pletc the assembly ’s program.

The topic for the debate is: “Re-
solved: That it is better to have
]l\'t’(l and lost than never to have loved
at. all.” The freshmen will uphold
the affirmative of the question and
the sophomores the negative. The
winning team will secure two and a
half points in rivalry and the intra-
mural dcbate cup for the year.

The members of the sophomore team
are William Bradt, Jean Lichcnstein,
and Lizette Parshall. The freshman
team includes Jeanne Chrislcr, Betty
IIayford, and Ruth Sinovoy, with
.lolui Edge as alternate.

The first motion on the usscinbly’s
docket is a constitutional amendment;
proposing the change of the powers
of regulating (1) inter-class rivalry
arid (2) Moving-Up Day from stu-
dent council to Myskaiiia. The reso-
lution reads: “Resolved: To amend
the student: association constitution by
transferring section (g) and section
(h-l) of Article V to Article VIII as
sections (h) and (i) respectively,
the amendment to go into effect Sep-
tember l, ltlilti.”

(('t}]llllllll’tl on pin/c .I

 

. colnina i)

 

Revisionists Plan
Open Forum Today

On Point System

I’urthcr investigation into the re-
Evisioii of the point system by the
Point System Revision committee will
,bc continued this afternoon in room
ll” of Draper at 4:10 o’clock. ac-
cording to Ralph Altman, ’30, chair-

dinner on Friday evening.

 

Assembly Vote
To Select Show

A poll will be conducted in this
morning’s assembly to determine;HH1H. ‘ I
whom” ,1“. 61,15: ,tmlpip. “SW-1;... Several l‘L‘pi't'sL‘lllttilvcs. from the
ltioii musical comedy. "The Farmer more important organizations of the
lin the lit-ll,” shall be revived on college have been invited to attend
iApril 2.7 :l> the ti_.-\,A,——-'l‘i'ollli:ltltitll' Ethis meeting to give their ideas and
’comedv. stated l-Ilizabcth Studebakerlopinions regarding the worth of the
land .lbhu l-Idwards, juniors, eo-dircc- otliccs in their own particular group.
tors for the performance. itlthcrs will he asked to come to tuture

“The Farmer in the Dell,” written luicctings iiext‘lweek.
and produced last April by Frniiccs' 'l'hc discusstons are open to merit-

 

land lilizabcth Studebaker for the
‘(iil'lh'i Athletic association. was suc-
let'ssl'nl to the extent that the associa-
Itioii contemplated producing it again
‘Iater last spring. The directors of
this year’s production, sponsored
Iliointly by the ti..\.A. and the Trouba-
ldoiirs. men ’s musical organimtiou. are
lattempting to find out the extent of
istudcnt support for the return of the
last year’s musical comedy.

l

llrers of the strident body.

i Special investigators have been ap-
ipointed by Altman to canvass the
ivarious classes of activities, such as
Ipublications, athletics, and depart-
.mciital clubs. to make a temporary
lctaluatiori of the otlices in each.
llt‘inal uctioir on these reports Will be
,takcn by the entire coi‘ninittce before
.pt'cscnlilig its report to the student
lbody.

 

. “There is no way to endear your
’sclt' to
home more quickly than by acquaint
org yourself with the tiiiditions and

your community and feel at

history of the plat-t where you are."
.llr. llison llyaii Fox. president o
il'nion college, said in his greeting to
\tate college students at the frcslnnnn
,clii~s tea in thc Loungc of Richard
lson hall \\'cduesdny afternoon.

The tea, featuring a ﬁt.
llay theme in dworations.
lllt'l|l>. and entertainment.

refresh-
was tln

 

of

lfor the entire college. Members
llr.

the faculty who poured were:

lion: Miss Annette Itobbiu. instructor
in French; Miss Marion t‘hcscbrough,

'atrick ’s.

éDr. Fox, Union President, Advises
l Freshmen at St. Patrick’s Tea

instructor in Latin; and Miss Ger-
trude Morgan. graduate student.

ll]. l"o.\' extended a cordial invita-
tion to State college students to build
up ll friendship will. L'nion. in his
few remarks he suggested that we
become Hlntc conscious by learning its
traditions and history. Ur. Fox added
that we are members of no small state
in comparing it to l‘liiropcnn countries
and t‘niuida.

ltctty Ilayt’ord and lletty linker
twcre chairmen of the hostesses and
guests. respectively. Included in tho

first social event sponsored by the class ,pi'ogrtim. annouinscd by Ray Walters,

l\\‘t‘lt' two solos by Catherine Krieii.

lacconipanicd by (‘arolyn Muttico, and

v t l
lu'lizubtth Morris, protcssoi or cduca-l
‘ tison.

a violin selection by Margaret Matv
Two Irish folk dances also
added color to the program.

