 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 1, 1936

Baseba“ Varsity Wins Opener, Will Meet R. P. i. Tomas... 5 5‘

Purple—aid Gold Team Will Play
Wins from Bard

O 0
Engineer Rivals
Home Team Takes Over Adversary

In First Game of Season w'ngggoniiiigpcxlil Tgngglmter
To Tune of 8—0 - Schmitz On Mound

Fresh from a victory in the initial
baseball contest this year, the State
college nine hope to extend the win-
ning streak when the Purple and Gold
meet Rensselaer Polytechnic institute

Pages

 

 

 

 

Spring Athletics
Are in Limelight
Of College Sports

Sports characteristic of the season
of budding trees and cuddling youth
are now occupying the intro-mural
calcmlar.

’l‘hc softball season officially
opened Tuesday, April 28, in the
front yard of the school. Minerva
threw out the first ball. The juniors
whitewashed the Frosh, 11—0 in the
first game, despite McGraw’s ﬁve or-

18 REGIONAL HEAD

FROM THE BENCH

The varsity teams have been out,
and we now show a .500 rating with
a ball game won, giving me a. 1.000
rating, or am I starting spring pre-
diction in a complete reversal of
form, but I forewarn you not to bet
on my hot leads, and a tennis set lost.
We expected that loss because of the
liaiulicaps that confronted the team.

That sot‘t ball league should take

    

 

 

 

 

The Purple and Gold nine won its
initial baseball contest last Saturday
on the cold, wind-swept plains of
Ridgcfield park when they trounced

Bard 8 to 0. Despite the poor hit— mm In the swond . . -. i
. I . I game the Sophs , ‘ , toniOirow at 3.00 o clock on the
ting of the State team, Johnny Cullen nosed out the seniors, 7-5,. Softball ltlilllnéhznsutﬁgﬂs $313108“;lleg‘tbﬁziztﬁgﬂ Ridgcflcld diamond. The probable
more than made 1, this deﬁciency with will be played Tuesday and Thursday , . . . . ‘ , ‘ batteries are: R.P.I. Belluscio
P . . _ passed into limbo. . . . Are they go- . , l ’

uttcrnoons at 0:10. pitcher; hauta, catcher; State,

ing to have awards for the winning
team as they have for basketball???
A pertinent question for you men,
llavo you purchased your M.A.A.
banquet ticket as yet??? If not, why
not???

Do you remember in last Saturday’s
ball garlic when: Tommy Ryan let
()linstcad field that ball in left ﬁeld

Ike Olmstend cut loose with his
bullet throws to first and home (p.s.
should begin liniberiiig up their ex~ 110 is a former pitcher) _ who"
"“"”lll05_”‘° "wet i” only two “Wk-‘1 the battcrv was announced with Lynch
from yesterday. ('lass team captains “s “new, H”. hopiqps that
will welcome new material. In the “arch made “t “mud base ,
cvcning. the sophomores and fresh- H“. mummy U" U“. players to “it
mcn will struggle with the pushball. supply who“ Lym-i, was mm

“A” "1"“ “MUM Wk“ "fll'ﬂnt‘ll-i‘? "f to lot the man on first. go down when
this iqqioi'tunity for intramural afh- second was occupied (Brooklyn Strut.

a magnificent pitching performance
which counted 13 strike-out victims
among the Lard outs.

State broke into the scoring column
in the first inning when ()lnistcad
walked, stole second, went to third
and came home on passed balls. The
first State hit was a double to left
by Stew Harvey in the third inning.

In the hectic fifth, Olinstciid got on
by an error, and J. liyiin sacrificed
him to second. ('aptain Jerry Amon
dropped a single to left that chased
Ike home. On a one ball and two
strikes count, Ray Lynch knocked ii
home run ball past the handball court.
John Cullen got on by an error, stole
second and third. Schmitz filed to

Schmitz, pitcher, and Lynch, catcher.

This, the opening contest for R.P.I.,
will be the ﬁrst varsity game that
the college has had in four years.
So that you will not assume that this
is to be an easy victory for State,
it must be remembered that these men
have played their particular positions
in high school, interclass, and inter-
frzitcrnity baseball. For example,
Manvillc, a. senior, who is the short-
stop, has been a star player since he
was in high school. Gliddcn, the first
baseman, a second your man, is an-
other above average player.

R.P.[. has a colorful starting
pitcher, Bclluscio, who likes to be a
swivel chair pitcher, but he also does
pitch ii fair game when he is on the

A tennis tournament will be orgaic
izcd as soon as the public courts open.
Swimming is still in vogue at the
Y..\l.l'l.A. tank on Monday, Wednes-
day, and Thursday afternoons.

The first renewal of the historic
interclass track meet will be run,
thrown, and jumped off Thursday,
.\lay 14, the day preceding Moving-
day. All potential contestants

 

 

who \v ll s

John Deno,
clcctcd i'cgloiuil chairman at the Ill)

'37,

.\'..\'. l“..\.

l'llfl.

Dele ates Elect

N. .F.A. Officials
For Coming Year

conference last week-

 

sliort center. Quattrochi struck out ll‘lil'S,“ 511."?! “101ml” “ill'l'lnf-ltlllb '371 cgy) when Lvneh walked ofl’ mound You ,ms should con out-1f
but the catcher dropped the ball so ((,'on(i'nucil from pug/c 1, column 4) l”"‘-"i‘l“"t 0f til“ men’s I'llmm‘m‘l the diamond muttering, “Who do pm. “0. other quso‘n than tows“, his
that he had to play Frank at first. sccrcforv. Louise ll:|l‘nlflnll, New “"ml‘lilllflllv “’Wl “ll‘luld “"ltVl' “‘0 they think they are, trying to pull a ,,,..,,.,1 {Mt ig pow,“ a dose qecond
Cullen came home on the play, and the .lcrscy 'l'ollcgc for Women. The l,’””"““ “WM “9“” th“ 1’”ka “'0’” delayed steal on me.” A [O‘MM piouhtﬁi" 1305,”; beard:

throw to first-was late. Frank stole lutfcr collcgc of New Brunswick, “’r “Port” “““”“”“°”“"'t”' Where. oh, where, are some out- Their probable lineup for the game
second 111"] “11M and Hum‘l' walked; N. 'ln Wits Ilcsinnntcd as the host ficlders that can at least hit the ball is as follows: llclluscio pitcher-
and stole second. Quiglcy ended the for the next conference. . . we have to use our pitchers Nauru, catcher; (lliddcn, fli'st; Frate:
inning With a roller to first. In stating its opinion on the rc- in the outer garden so that we may second; Manvillc, short; Morrow,

The shortstop ’s error saw lkc Ullll~ Will” "1' ill" Silllll'lll-‘l to UN“ N‘HSOF Racquet  lelders have some punch at the plate . . . that third; DiifTord, left; Scesney, center,

stead on first again in the sixth. J. “l'll' ‘ H" “W” [llllllli‘lllilHl-‘I. ‘ lb“ ' .099 team hitting average is no joke and Ward right.
Ryan got on via the same route, with Nab-"Av l'l'ﬁfllf'l‘fli “‘“tllllt‘ .N‘lll'ZHU-Z Lose EIrSt Game . . . maybe this week’s practice will Concerning the Purple and Gold,
Olmstcad going to third. As Amyot 'l'“ Will“ “i “‘lllllm-‘llmlllm 0"“  Rensselaer give it a boost tomorrow . . . one con‘ Coach Goewoy is going to trot out

faculty criticism of student editorial
policy, we feel that ihc student edi»
tors are l‘i'NllllllSllllt‘ for that policy
and that, in case of controversy, the
issue should be referred to student
i-cl'crcmlum.” ll nuiinfiiined further
on this matter that: “The N.S.li‘.A.

solution, it could be worse, but maybe the some lineup that won last Satur-
that is splitting hairs too fine . . . day, but he is changing the position
Where was Bill Young last week??? of his pitchers with Paul Schmitz go~
we could use him to our advantage ing to the mound and Johnny Cullen
. . . The men that hold themselves up taking his place in right field. The
as outfieldcrs struck out four times rest of the room is as follows; Lynch,
out of seven times up . . . l always catcher; Captain Amyot, ﬁrst; Har-

grounded out. lkc again come home
and Ryan went to third. Lynch was
hit by the pitcher. Cullen lifted a
ﬂy to center field, and on the center
ficlder’s throw into the second base-
man to catcher, .l. Ryan was doubled

Saturday, April 25, State’s racquet
wicldcrs journeyed over to the R.P.I.
courts and took it on the chin in their
first match of the season. Though
severely haudicaiqicd by lack of prac-
tice, our favorite sons managed to

at home due to poor coaching from
third.

The eighth frame saw Ulmstcad
lead oﬁ’ with another walk and steal
second. Ainyot walked and Lynch
was hit again, filling the bases. The
second bascman’s error on Schinitz’s
ball saw Olmstead and Ainyot bring
in the final scores. Quattrochi ended
the romp with a fly to second.

Bard made a bid for a score in the
ninth when Jacoby got on by an error
and went to third on Scott’s single
to right. Filsingcr grounded to ()lm-
stead, who threw to Lynch to cut the
run off at the plate, and on a delayed
steal Lynch threw to lliirvcy to
double Filsingcr at second. The game
ended when Tcsli went out, third to
first, to give State a shutout victory.

Johnny Cullen liiid three innings
for himself‘ when in the second, fifth,
and eighth he \vliif'l'cd the men one,
two, three. Although he gave up all
of four hits, llnrd could uof f‘iilllllllll',
iinv two in oiio friiinc. llcrc uro a
few first for State: man on base :indl
ruu, Ulmslcud; hit and cxlrn lllchl
bit, llurvcy; home run, Lynch; run,
batted in, Amyoi: crror, llarvcy. l

 

oflicci‘s shall set up machinery to
investigate cases of alleged censor-
ship of student publication, upon rc-
qiicsl of tlic student body.”

Among lhc significant resolutions
passed by the convocation which re-
lafc directly to the iiiulcrgradiiates
of State holding student aid positions
was the ouc which condemned the
National Youth Act for bad manage-
mcnf :ind hick of youth representa-

fion. Af'fcr il healed discussion, the
N.S.l“.z\. went on record as endors-
ing the newly proposed American

Youth Act.

A majority of the convention dele-
guch opposed the "unprecedented”
military budget of the nation. They
endorsed a good neighbor resolution
before f‘ongrcss by Senator l’opc,
which culls for lhc culi'uucc of tho
l'nifcd Slob-s info the League of
Nations with tho proviso llllll lhis
nation should not lnkc up arms to
clif'oi‘ci' llll‘ i'o\'i‘ll.'llll.~l.

 

Library Bisplays
Faculty Exhibit

salvage two victories from the nine
contests. Wheeler won his singles
match, and Calm and Kramer were
\‘iclors in doubles play.

Drew university crosses raeqiiets
with us iit llldgcfleld, Friday, May 8.
An improved squad should face the
not in this engagement, since the use
of the llidgcflcld courts has been ob-
tuincd for practice sessions and home
meets. Sophisticatinl support, in the
form of gontlonianly attendance at
the matches, in solicited.

The results of Saturday’s matches:

Singles: ldlmeudorf, li.l’.l., defeated
lliirdmcyer, State, 0—1, 6—1; I-las-
scnplug, lt.l‘.l., defeated Decker,
State, 6—0, fi~l; (.‘olliils, lid-“.13, de-
feated ('ahn, State, 4—6, 6—2, 9—7:
Wheeler, State, dci’catod Maycs, l{.l’.l.,
ill—8, .‘l~fi, fi—fl; Saf‘f'ord, li.l’.l., de-
fciilcd Kramer, State, 6—0, 6—]; Lee,
ll.l‘.l., dcfcillcd Margison, State, 6—3,
owl.

lloublcs: l'llmcndorf and (licscckc,
ll.l‘.l.. dcfciilcd llccher and Hard-
mcycr, State, 6—0, 6—2; llhys and
l"iiik, b'.l’.l., dcf'cafcd Mzirgisou and
Wheeler, State “43, Al~li, Il—l; ("nlin
uud Kramer, Hlnfc, dcf'cafcd l.ucniiig

associated hitting with garden men vey, second; Quattrochi, third; Olin-
. . . [ can be wrong though. at

You track men, don’t forget that R
meeting this noon in room 206 . . .
p.s. to you distance runners . . . Un-
gcrcr, J. Neuhs, Jiggcr Haynes, and
Vidmar are traiuiiig for those distant ll
events . . . “l

llnck to baseball . . . Do the few
women who read the sport columns
understand the sport lingo or is that
an excuse to have a lie-man interpret
it for them . . . Prediction tiiuo is
here again, and after resorting to
black magic, Dexter, mid our healthy
batting average, I see another victory
for our nine by a three run margin
. . . It would be suicide to predict an
ll.l’.l. win . . . Do I know what l‘m
doing. . . No . ..

H

i.“
ll

 

ll

G.A.A. FLASHES ...

cad, short; Quigley, left; and J.
you in Center.
Schmitz is hoping for warm weather

tomorrow so that he may put his

stuff" on the ball as he serves
icm up. Batting practice has been
rcsscd all week so that you spec-

tators may see many times those three
hits of last week.

Y.W. To Sponsor

Rummage Sale

The Young Women’s Christian as-

sociation will conduct f1 rummage sale
at 50 Hudson :ivciiuo throughout to-
llllll‘l'UW.

Jean Edgcumbc, ’38, is
'llt'l‘lll chairman. The purpose of
ic sale is the raising of money to

send delegates to the annual Silver

ay conference in June.
(‘ommittccs for the siilc are as fol-
ws: assistant chairman, Christine

 

 

 

In tho spring a young girl's fancy

llci'sliimcr, ’37; arrangements, Eliza~
bcfli .‘lppcldoorn and Thelma Miller,
siqdioinorcs; sides girls, Elizabeth
Allen, ’3o; publicity, Katherine Cank-

 

 

Iigldly turns to thoughts of camping.
Lust wcck-end at (“amp Johnston was
smooth in every sense of the Word-—
\vciilhcr, dispositions, fires, everything
was perfect. Fifteen girls went down
lust Friday night and enjoyed rest
and the open air. Those who did a
[candle hike for l.otlu liunkcr credit
might iiiguc about the rest, but it
was good for their soles.

Archery has proved to be very popu-
lnr. Ho far one bow and one arrow
luivc been broken, but the forch have
escaped injury. ’l‘hcro’s scarcely a
holc in them.

Of Amateur Art

the form of

- ',I ' '_ ,’. . "—l' H—(‘, . , . . ,
"ml ll'mllm' “1 l’ f )' I ha, ’38: and pricing, l\nthryu and

Eleanor Schwartz, freshmen.

‘News’ Asks Cubs
To Sign for Work

All tryouls for the editorial staff of
the News are requested to sign up
on a bulletin in the .-\clivitles ofllce
for the night they wish to work on
the NEWS for the next two weeks.
The work, consisting of copyrcudiug

(‘i'culivc work lll
p:iil|‘lllg.~i, etchings, slictcbcs by State

I
l
.E. R. Van KleeCk ludlcgc faculty iucuibci'n on the cast

Advises Education ~liclvcs of lhc collcgc library are

il'culiiring lbc firsl display of its

Fraternity Membersihiud this \vcch, Miss Mary l'I. ('obbﬁ

libi'ui'inn, has :iniiounccd. l
Al lbc

German Club Hike
Will Be Sunday

.\ bike to the Hixmilc waterworks
lwlll bc conducted by tho (lcrmnu club
this Sunday, according to Henry
llroon, ’IlH, president. The members
will leave lhc college of ﬂzllll o’clock
and return lll llio evening.

.\ \vlcucr und iiiiirsbuuillow

 

'lbe,
annual induction bunqucl , I'ucully artists are iiiiuilcurs, none of
for twenty iicw iiiciobcrs ol‘ litlllpil‘llicm from tho url dcpnrlmcul, iiud
l'hi Kappa at llolcl \\'cllingloll:lui\c :ill bccn inlci'csfcd III the licld
chiicsday, l'ldwai‘d It You l\'lccch.,i'or em“.- iimo, ' I

'37. huppriniomloni of schools Ill llr. llnrry \\'. Hastings, chairman

WHMUH' “ml flu-“Hip odiior of ll|f"ol' Ihc l‘lllgllrlll dcpurlmcnl, has on mm!

7 .. . .. v - l ' ' i I ’ Hues lll Yer» ' ' '
‘ .s in s fhc 711031 n u .ith. [\lIIbIl l\\o plth lrl M NH l , . :llll l‘fllll "'l i u will bo o i All i -
‘NIIl‘l‘l Ihisl o icnilig I'ciuorhs lo the mold. Miss Minnie Ii. Scotland, “1” l‘“ "“ “W l”"’l-i””“' \Hllll'v M” and lmwm“ “w M- llllll I'llucolii‘il'lililihll \\'ediic~uliiiluuidill;
I I 't “ ll“, “It, "wmhvm “p H... “Ngigm,” Prucoﬁgor of biology, line ’l‘hosc going on the hike aro rc- fi'iicfiiig full quotas. lutercliiss .I - '.v ' . is -
““'|’ U f” “ ' gumcs are being f'culurcd. and the hue

 

 

l
lliulcd a photograph “flu lhc lsb‘ of qucslcd lo mch on lhc front steps of
oily. Mr. Van l\'b'cch said, "Hlul‘cli‘upri," and an India ink drawing, l'I'Hpcl' bull.
college and its uudcrgru-lonlc uclivl l”:\-'lt.{lll.n Miss Margaret llll)'l'8,l
tics ofl'cr ii siipcrlor [ruining gl‘llllllllillshlnlll-Ill professor of child develop ,
on which [he voiing fcnclici'n iiuiy dc mcni, includes .‘l wnlci' color of‘ " Ibo,
volop the ability to dii'ccf high school.‘ I'oi'l
pupils. This is thc lillslllli‘lllloll filo-‘lwciua . t . ,
the elaborate and HUIIIi‘llllli“ undulyI .\ll.‘i“v' Marion (licsobroughp up
great complexity of collcgc activities, \ll:lll'll|l' lll Ildlllll.‘ has on ‘i‘Xlllllll oil
hero,” ‘ :pniulings Including “luxfroyort,’
His advice to the group of pl‘ospcc luml “lufrovcrt.” .'|‘hc work ,1“ oils
livo loiicbcrs includcd such sug lol' Miss (loldcnn llills, siipcrvmor of
gmﬂmm “3 uhunq liugglo ovci;puilhcmulics in Milan II'igli Hchool,
salary; pill up with tho rules, rcgii |Inchidcs ‘I‘Sllrcct u‘u'tllllc’ and two
lotions, and rod fnpc; plan and other painlings. 'Mi‘ss ‘liulh (l.
keep on planning; be fresh mid Moore, supervisor of laughs-Ii, is or
rented when vou meet your classes; hibiiuig flircc_ oils, including l“l.o
don’t over-assign; rcincml-r lhiil \‘ilhigc dc_|’yrilnp1ka Sous la Neigo."
your principal isn’t really uiiroasou- 'l‘hc t‘Xlllbll‘ Wlll continue for two
ublomho just seems that way." weeks, Miss (obb stated.

i ' - 'r clucnfion f'rulcr . .
” mmml hummu' ‘ \vciilhci' is an added attraction.

 

Dial 5-191: a ,

Goo. D. Jeoney, Prop.
5-0!!!

of Albany,” ii fhirlyiuiiiulc, H

l
i

   

i
l

  

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

198-800 CENTRAL AVENUE

is.

OPl’lCI

attract,

Mug H Ul‘lliAl SHIV'CE

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

