    

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH

27, 1936

 

State. College N ews

' "'HIFI ahlllhed by the cam of 1913

The Undo ("dusts Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

THE NEWS BOARD

KARL D. Esm.......................Ediior-tn-Chtef
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Emu A. Boone.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2432“

Guam M. Unomna..................Auaoiata Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street. 2-0424

hm Dnua..................Amatant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 5. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Hun? Guam. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Am‘atant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vmomu Bron. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Auiatant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137

Omnvx Smounr. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Businesa Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 286 Quail Street, 2-4144

JOHN DINO...  ........Asaooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 3. Lake Avenue, 24314

Lam-rs 8m. . . . . . . . . . . .Aasociata Business Manager
Delta Omega, 409 Western Avenue. ﬂ-illlll

THE NEWS STAFF

SPORTS Enrross
Frank J. Hardmeyer, Charles McConvllle, seniors
Sornonons Dssrr Emroas

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Reron'rras

Rosella Agostine. Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley. Elsa
Calkins, Hulda Classen, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans,
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler, Mary Hudson. Aubrey
Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodrunf, seniors; Alice Barrows.
Helen Clyde, Isabel Davidge, Elizabeth Goodlng, Elfrieda
Hartt. Elizabeth Herr, Joan Kaplun. Ethel Keshuer. Mary
Lam, Robert Murgison. Mary Plank. Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye, Juniors; Betty Appledoorn, [lose Berkowitz,
Mildred Bodin, Anne Burr, Frances Cahlll, Helen Callenlus.
Kathvn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong, Antoinette
Don ito Elizabeth Driscoll, Jeanne Edgcumhe. Ruth Frost,
Ella Gifford, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson. Phyllis
Jobson Rose Kurkhill, Charlotte Libmun. Jean lllchenstetu.
Josephine Maurice. Mary McClnng, Lillian Masher, lluth
Mullen, Helen Olskl. Theresa Palmer, Mae llosenbeck.
Adelaide Sehmld, Jean Shaver. Martha Sheehy. Muriel
Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin. sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocialed Collegiate Press

Distributor of
Colleeiiaie Diéest

Pam'rso av BOYD PRINTING Co., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

Vol. XX, No. 19 March 27, lflfili Albany, N. Y.

 

THE NEW COMMERCE REQUIREMENTS
Considerable consternation has been prevalent among
students of the commerce dcpartmcnt this wcck nt'tcr
the announcement of the new revised couuncl'ciul rc-
quirements to take etl'cct next year. At first glancc,
it seems but further specialization in an already special-
izcd field. Inspection, however, shows other aspects.

The new set-up will help the connncrm': student morc
than hinder him, It is a means of" aiding those indi-
viduals who have particular ditliculty in some phase of
the field, by allowing them to com-entratc their nltcn-
tions in another portion of the commercial curriculum.
Certain basic subjects will be required in each of the
three new divisions with additional study in whatcvcr
ficld the student may desire to cntcr. Commerce majors
or minors atllictcd with dislikcs of’ bookkeeping or
shorthand will no longer havc to struggle with these
subjects.

If the requirements must be mct by the present
juniors now in this ficld, these will be the most atl'cctcd
by the change, in that considerable schcdulc shitting
may be required to include the ncccssnry subjects.

Sophomores nml f’rcshmcn, howl-vcr, will have lilllc
ditliculty in dove-tailing the new work into their
programs.

Students who are still dubious as to what they ucr-d
for their dcgrcc in commerce undcr this ncw ruling urc
urgcd to cont’cr with a faculty mcmbcr of thc depart-
merit.

A NEED

Several weeks ago the Nl-jWH published a letter rc-
ccivcd from a membcr of slulicnt association regarding
the need of a mimcogrnph machine for stndcnt nclivitics’
and students’ use. Many oihcrs hau- also voiced their
opinions of tho nccd ot’ onc in caring for the duties ot’
some particular orgnnizntion.

At prcscut there is no muchinc nvnilnblc for general
use. Whenever an activity wishes to publish some mate-
rial. it is required to go to much troanc bct’urc securing,
or not securing, permission: to use some mimeogrnph.
('onscqucutly, much iutcrcsting material is not available
to students; many orgnnizntions or:- not, ublc to gather
information ncccssnry to further their activitics, and
littlc out of thc ordinnry is nccoinplislml in gcncrul
because of.‘ this handicnp.

The first question is, naturally, how could thc pur-
chnso of such a machine bc financch Several methods
might be employed. Individuals and organizations may
be assessed when using the machinc. 'l'hc income this
way, however, would bc slow and nol prmluctivo ot’ the
cost in one year. Two other methods would ho contribu
lions from individual organizations, both undcr the
budget and indcpcmlcntly, or its inclusion us a scpnrntc
item in the next. budget it‘ that could pcrmiltod
without destroying the ten dollar tax.

Supervision of the use of the machine would be another
irohlcm but that could easily be overcome by putting it
n tho hands of a competent committee.

We believe it well worth investigation by some re~
sponsiblo body such as Student council to determine
the feasibility of such a movc.

lu'

WHAT ISSUES?

_ In a recent issue of another State college publication
one editorial was no doubt a surprise to the greater part
of the student body ; in addition, the question presented
was unsolved by both the editorial and its reactors.

The editorial proposes that State college elections
should begin to turn not upon “Mon” alone, but upon
“Men and Issues”, with comparative platforms as their
basis, in addition to the personal qualities of the'can-
didatcs.

The qualifications which a candidate for student asso-
ciation president should possess are well outlined in the
editorial. To repeat, they include executive ability, com-
plete tact, utter impartiality, and personal popularity.

As to the question of issues, however, ﬁrst of all, we
believe there are none. Secondly, it‘ there were issues,
our student form of government does not preclude enact-
ment of by-lnws and resolutions even though these are
opposed by the executive department. The legislative
department rests in the hands of the students, and not
in a congressional body elected to ofﬁce on the same
party issues as a president; thus a majority or two-
thirds vote, as the case may require, may overrule the
executive’s wishes.

An issue is a point which demands a decision, thus
implying possible disagreement. What issues would one
candidate stand for that another would deny or oppose?
Would there ever be a candidate not eager to make inno-
vations and reforms for the advancement of State col-
lege? Issues on which there is a definite cleavage of
student opinion are decided in the course of the year as
they come up. The only planks of a possible platform
which could bc carried out by a student president would
be general reforms as suggested in the editorial, on
which all :nndidates would agree. In other words, will
we get issues causing disagreement in order to decide
whether to vote for John Dinkus or John Doe?

Where and what are our ISSUES?

STEPPING STONES

But three months remain of this college year before
books and credits, tests and marks, can be forgotten for
a period, and thoughts and actions may be allowed to
wander into channels uninterrupted by fifty-minute bells.
Three months as a unit may seem quite a period, but
three months in spring at State loses some of its tedious-
ncss when one briefly considers what is to come.

Stepping stones, as they can be called, disperse the
weeks ahead into groups of smallcr fragments of time.
Just at this period, the college looks forward to the
annual soircc when the yearlings step into the social
spotlight. Following in rapid succession come Easter
vacation, N.S.l“.A. district convention, spring house
dances, and clinmxing nil, Moving—up Day. in bctwcen
will be scattered a few baseball games. so-cnllcd “vic”
parties, clcctioim-ring, and blissfully wasted hours on
the front cnmpnsmull to be finally ended with ten hcclic
days of finals.

Do we still hcnr anyone complaining of dull moments
nt State? Iiuihcr, can u l’cw be spared for the necessary
routine one must endure whcn youth’s t’ancics and
thoughts turn to the poetic “other things”. It’s not

 

such a bad “to!
A Column to Read?
Hodge-podge Selections.

 

 

 

 

BOOKS:

In attempting to make its rcudcrs book conscious, the
NI-st dcvotcs a portion of' this column every week to
thc rcvicwing of one or more books of currcul or recent
publication. This qucstiou arises in our minds: ls

 

this column spncc wnstcd, or is it gcncrnlly rcnd'.’
Statistics show that the uvcragc American i'cmls only
one column of n m-wspiqicr pcr day, yet the nation‘s,
leading ncwspupcrs dcvolc columns and pngcs to lln-I
rcvicw ot’ lilcrntnrc, Ann-ricans must bc reading.

As l’ulurc tcuchcrs, we should read books of' all typcs

 

and by many authors. A low of thc currI-ul booksﬂ
cilhcr for solo or rcnt in tho (‘o op, .‘ll'l‘ briefly out
llllt'tl bclow.

Old Home Town, by ltosc \l’ildcr Lunc. :ioo [Illﬂt‘hm
$13.00. New York: Longumns. tirccu and ('ulnpnny.

It was the fantastic pcriod ot’ the borscnml-Iniggy
(lays whcn Sunday clolhcs wcrc worn only on Sunday,
and whcu trail-ling mcn from thc city had in wickcd;
glamour that this novr-l rcluics. l“ll'llo|l .‘lllll drama
of American lit'c, fitting for cvciyonc, in u M'l‘ll’n‘ of
short stories count-cch by the nainc ilrnmulis pci'sonnc

y.

Inch up this human documcnl of thirty years ago. 1
H'l'lic llisuppcnrnucl- of" what is loosely to bc (ll-sig l
nuth as lhc old gullcry and rcnr balcony trmlc iln-
prcscut backbonc ot' the motion picturc nudil-ucc bu~l

lu-cn u critical godsend to lbc rcputnblc thcnlrc and
lo rcpnlulilc drnmu .” snys (icorgc .ll‘llll Nathan
in nu article, “l.ilcrnturc licturus to tho ’l‘lu-ntrc,"
in the Alurrb ll issuc ol' 'l'lic Sillnrdtlj/ Ii'rrlcn- u/II
/.flll'lflllll'. This magazine bcsiilcs rcvicwiug currcul
attractions. runs the “Howling firccn” pngc by
t‘hrisloplmr Morley, ;

Farm on the HillI by .\lndclinc Dnrrough llorn; illus i
trutcd by tirunl Wood. .\'cw York: l'hnrhs Scrihnch,
Sous. 7H path-s. $23.1)”.

"l'lH il book for l‘nllllg

cbihli'cn and for flood who
ciijoy reading to chlhlrcu, The story covcrs thl- :ul
\cuturcs of two liltlc boys on n t'urIn ouc sumiucr.
’l'bc illllHll'lllltilh by lbc well known :irtisl, (irunt Wood.
liuvi- lll‘l'tlllll' .‘I pull of llll' story. If is 11 book l‘\l‘l'\
child would l’lll‘l'lfill. .

What Manner of Love. by ltila Wcimnn. .\'cw York:
Longinnlln', tirccn and ('ompnny. lllli pages. $3.50.

Il'lult sllunncr of Low is lbc story of' u scnsilivc,
strong-wilch girl, bred and brought up on lbc coast
of Maine undcr tho oppressive hand of’ a harsh i’nthcr
and thc tcndcr solicitudc ot’ a sulnnisslvc mothcr. ()nc
senses n irncc ot' unrculity in the tale of’ Itutll 'l‘cmplc’s
violent brcak from the restraining surroundings, away

 

from the familiar. quict, isolnlcd home to thc busy hmn
of' New York. li.\'.W.

:llll'll, :iml mmic slur colh-ctiug.

 

THE STATESMAN

Guess floods didn’t keep State gals
from the Union meeting. . . . cvcn
Murphy, of the Lion. . . . Dance was
ruthless; soup, catch? . . . . Slim
little, dark little girl wins a Trophy
this time. . . . Whose quote of the
week: “Forget this, Murphy! ”. . . .
Some of the State men spent a quiet
evening at home. . . . Correcting last
week’s item, he did cross wires and
call Micky at KJ), . . . And guess
again: whosc prog'am is tins’h]
Carol, 2 Millie, 3 Flossic. . . . With
Soiree, Vic parties, and Intersorority
coming up, think over that llll’lttl~
tion(s), Bill. . . . better sticll tnnc
. . . . but there might be netting to
lose. . . . you can’t be marion ’cm
oil. . . . and don’t be afraid to bow]
them over. . . . We have been going
to the show a lot lately. . . . the
Fashion Show, hip, hip (they st‘cll
that one from Minsky’s). . . . am
Tobacco Road; we got there the first
night, we had forcbodings. . . . Al
then, have you seen that young boy
hel’n around the gym '3. , . . ls Alice
going to shut the dornn him or leave
it ob(ri)cni (We apologize for
that. one). . . . And who has brecn
sending all those plioncy dance in-
vitations? It’s both cttcn us up and
bohr(cr)ing us. . . . The Dorm ’s once
vacant davenports suddenly till. Now
why.’. And then there is the
lx'Dlt chuufl’eur who works overtime
on his own busincss but couldn’t gct‘
I date the first night. The second
night it drizzled but he says he had
a good time. . She was only a
baker ‘s (laughter but poor (1)
Richard. . . . Wc bcttty) lbc baker’s
son is having a good time too. . . .
And next wcek’s biggest upset: wc
admires the editor. . . . floody, goody,
we just heard about John. . . . This
is birthday week I gucss; it’s nice
to start celebrations curly. ’l'ill
i find out more about ’Iis’s big
day. . . .

 

 

 

._.

THE MAN ill" S'l‘A'l'l'l

 

COMMUNICATION

l-Zditor S'ri'rn (‘oi.i.no|-: News:

’l‘hc subject of’ noon dancing in the
('ommons has been mentioned before
in these columns, but perhaps it brief"
bit of’ repetition will not be out of
ordcr. 

’l'hc records for the “vic” are pro-
snmnbly sclccicd with care. \Vhy,
howcvcr, can’t those which turn out
to be dull and rather soundlcss be
relegated to lcss f’i'cqucnt usc, and
those which turn out to be rhythmical
plnycd more often?

Furthermorc, would not thc wuxing‘
of the ('ommons floor pcrhaps once a.

week bc of’ sonic vuluc to buddingi
Stali- collcgc dnnccrs‘! This action on I
lhc part oi’ lbc \'ictrolu ctilllilllllm'i
would not be impracticable. 1

 

 

 

 

'l‘Wt)H'l'l’lll'IN'l‘S l

 

j I

Annual Assembly
To BeAtPuttalo

Forensic Team To Attend Meeting;
Varsity Squad To Debate
Ithaca And Wells

Members of the Debate council or
three alternates will represent State
college at the annual New York State
Debatcrs’ Assembly which is being
conducted this year in Buffalo on
Friday and Saturday, April 24 and
25, Mr. Louis Jones, instructor in
English and debate conch, announced
today. The University of Buffalo is
the host. college for the convocation.
Last your State college entertained
the representatives of the state-wide
debating teams.

The members of the council who
will attend the forensic conference in-
clude: president, Ralph Altman, ’36;

vicc‘prcsidcnt, Jayne Buckley, ’36;
secretary, Robert Benedict, ’37;
treasurer, Lester Rubin, ’37; mem-

bcrs-nt-largc, Jeanne Lcsnick, ’36, and
John Murphy, ’37. In case these can-
not attcnd, the three alternates who
will take their places will be Edward
Kramer, ’36, Evelyn Hartman and
Irwin Stinger, juniors.

(,‘ommiticcs oi’ the debate rcprcsen~
tntivcs will prepare bills to present
to the Debaters’ assembly on the sub-
jects of Crime, Constitutional Amend-
ments, and Safety. Sub-committees,
composed of" candidates for election to
the Debate council, will assist the
I'l‘lll'tBSUllltlthOH in the preparation of
their material. Their work on these
committees will be a factor in the
event of their sclcction for council.

(in the crime committee, Bent-dict,
chairman, Miss Lcsnick, and Miss
llamnnn will be assisted by Charles
Gaylord, Ilcrbcrt. Drooz, and lt‘loreucc
Zubrcs, sophomores. 'l‘hc subcommit-
tee to hpr Altman, Murphy. and
Htingcr on constitutional amendments
includcs William lirndt. .Icnunc
l.ichcnstcin, and Sally thluu, sopho-
mores.

la-slcr liubin, chairman of the
snt'cty committcc, Miss liucklcy, and
l\’r:|incr will be assisted in their work
by Warren Dcnsmorc, Charlottc Lib-
man, and Lizcttc l’nrshnll, sophomorcs.

This week mcmbcrs of" the State
dcbating team will take part in two
inlcrcollegintc debates. Altman and
Murphy will uphold the negative side
of thc issue, “licsolved: 'l‘hat (‘oii-
gross by a two-thirds vote should bc
allowed to over-ridc a 5—4 dccision of
the Supreme ('ourt,” in u dcbutc
with Ithaca collcge Wednesday.
Krumcr nnd Stinger will adhere to
ihc affirmative sizitcmcul of’ thc qut's-
lion: ‘ ‘ licsolvcd: 'l'hnl wonu-n
should be fickle during their collcgc
careers," in thclr forensic cucuuntcr
with the womcu dcbulcrs of \\'cl|s
collcgc. lloth thcsc Ilcbnlcs will lnkc
ilucc in lbc rcspcctirc collcgcs,
at Ithaca and Aurora.

 

StudentsTo Coach Activities

And Novelty Clubs In Milne

f‘lubs which S’ltillstil' :i \‘uricty ot-
l'ol"
t

nctivlth-s i'rom tll‘l to cooking
.‘Ill‘
again nndcr in
.\li|nc High school,
which nrc opcu lo lln- ~ln¢lcuts of'l
llll‘ Junior High dcpurlun'ul. nrcl
unllcr tln- llircctiou of Hlnlc juniors,
scuiois, and graduate \llltll'lllh‘, lot

the collcgc curriculum lhcsc \llllll'lllnl

:u-tivcly way lbc;

'l'lli'si- clubs, ‘

tll'l‘ l'l'l'tll'tll'll us In-ing Inclnbcls ol';
the l‘illllculiou llfi class llllll l'i‘l'l'l\‘l"
t'l'l'tlll accordingly.

Among lbc sllhlcuts, llu' grculcsl
uumbcr nrc dcvoicd to nthlclicl,
sports. '

l
lllltll

.\ girls Illllll'llt' club Is In-

‘iug sponsorcd by .\lnrlh.i I.opkl- Illlll

lluscllu Agostlnc, h'l'llltll'ri. Also clubsX
i'or son-nib, eighth and ninth grudci
nu-u‘n sports are functioning lllllli'l’l
lbc ilircctiou of l’anl linlgcr undl‘
chnstinn Albrcchl, scuiors, and!
.llmcpli llrooks, ’il7.

'l'liosl- Milnili-s who .'lIl' iuch'c-ilcll!

,in pursuing urt. arc studying undcr‘
Itlu- dirccllou oi’ l“lorcncc Luwh-r. ’Jlti.i

and dramatic cutbusiush ltl'l' bciugl
coached by Anuc Ilnml, ’37, and
l'lvclyn (l'Ilricn, ’illi.
lludding journalists
tIn-ir curly training
under illt' direction of' Karl l'Ibcrs,
’3“ and (luy Aquiliml, ’Jl7; and,
along this lino, tlmcly tips in typo
writing will be. t'cntnrcd in n vac
writing club nndcr thc direction of
.lohn Dcno, ‘37. For those who

will rccoivc
this nl'illl'nll'l‘

lilil‘cctiug lln- program.

lnlvc u ‘bobby’ of model :lirplnnc
building, lln-rc is .'l club for llll'll'
Instruction with I'llcunor Wood, 'Jlti,

Slump col
lcctors will also find ncw l'ucllilics nl
lhcir disposnl in lbc club for this
purpose uudcr lbc dircclion ol' ticorgo
llt‘l‘lit‘l', ’Illi.

l'nnsunl clnlh that also bi-ing
sponsor-ml includi- .. ~.luq club for
girls nudcr thc llll'll'lltlll of Mr. flay
mood, and in boys‘ cooking club
uudcr ihc dircclion ot' ,\licc (irny,
’Iiti. 'l‘bI-ic it» .‘Ilso n sowing cllll: ilu
lug work umlcr lbc direction of
Morgan-l Warm-i, ':lli, .\m:itcur
pbologrupln'rs will Him: ln- snapping
sono- unusual nl'l'lu's this spring and
:Illcmptlug lo lion-lop lhcm undcr
lbc direction of l"|orcucc lloul'lllu'l'll.
'ilti.

A bcginnlng dancing club lllin :Ilw
bccn orgnliizwl for [how who dcslrc
to lcnru to “trip lln- light i'aulustw’
and Martha Marlin, l‘cryl Whipplc
nud Mnrjoric .\tllllllH, scniors, “ill
or! as instructors. l"or those pnl'
liclllnrly Inicl'cstcd in games llu-rc
is also u club uudcr thc direction of
f‘arl fiibson, ’3”.

Movie f’nus have an outlet for thcir
intcrcsls in organizations nndcr lbc
dircction of’ Marjorie Iialnidjlun and

illt'

I'llcnnor Imrncr, scuiors. And for
those who nrc iutcrcstcd in movic
slur collcclion. tbcrc in thc club undcr
t’hc dirccliun ol’ l'cggy Woolll'llfl',
Ilti.

