Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, ‘MAY 29, 1936

 

 College News

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
*  " College for Teachers

 

THE NEWS BOARD
Editor-in-Ghief Managing Editor
Harry T. Gumaer Fred B. Dexter
Associate Managing Editors
Warren Densmore David Smith Sophie Wolzok
Advertising Manager
Charles Gaylord

Business Manager
Laurita Seld

Circulation Manager
Mildred Nightingale

THE NEWS STAFF

Men’s Sports Editor Women ’3 Sports Editor
Charles Morris Helen Clyde
Associate Editors

Elizabeth Gooding Mary Lam
Robert Margison Virginia Stoel

Mariel Goldberg
Ramona Van Wie
Advertising

Joan Byron
Gordon Tabner

Business Girmdalion

Grace Castiglione Victoria Bilzi
Roland Waterman Margaret Hora
June Palmer

 

Telephones: Oilice, 5-9373; GUIINIUI‘, 2-0424; Dexter,
2431-1; Seld, 2-9701; Gaylord. 2-4314.
r935 Member 1936

ﬁssocicded Collegiate Press

Distributor of

‘ Colleoiaie Dielest

Published every Friday in the college year by the News
Board representing the student Association. Subscrip-
tions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents. Delivered
anywhere in the United States. Entered as second class
matter at post-oilice, Albany, \'. 1’.

 

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers' names are left with the Editor-
in-Chict of the News. Anonymity will be preserved it so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

Pam'rnn BY Born an'rmo Co., Isa, ALBANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, N0. 26 May .C'il, lllllli Albany, N. Y.

THIS IS STATE COLLEGE
AT ALBANY

We are tired of hearing our Alma Mater termed
“Albany Teachers’ College.”

Not out of lack of respect for the city of Albany, but
out of consideration for the name and purpose of our
college, we like to remember that the title is New York
State College for Teachers. in conversation back in
the home town, of course, you have to mcntion Albany,
so as not to confuse State with Buffalo 'l‘eachers’ Col-
lege. For popular usage we suggest “State College for
Teachers at Albany.”

We are tired also of explaining back some that
State is not a normal school, and that it oil'ers a four
year rather than a three year course.

To rid us of these irksome things, and further to
spread the reputation of State, we suggcst a pastime
for the coming summer and for future years—publicize
State college.

The State College Press Bureau, organized this spring
to forward news of State students to their local ucivs-
papers, has taken up this work, We have read a
recent article contributed by a State student to a high
school magazine which ell‘ectivcly publicized the col-
lege, and we wish we could read more like it. Let. us
talk up State in our own high schools and in our homc
towns.

l’rivate colleges do this publicizing business in a big
way. Some of them have, for cxamplc a “Spring
Day” on which prospective students comc to see the
campus. The college favors the visitors with specrhcs
and sports, with dramatics and publications and dances,
and succeeds in spreading the good name ol‘ Squcedunk
far and wide.

The fact that State college has no financial intercst
in lilling its ranks and that would-be State people are
as poor as the prcscnt rank and lilc, makes such a
program relatively imprm-licablc at State college.

Yet witbal we can publicizi- State college. 'l‘hc
Purple and Gold has i’calurcs which dcscrvc advertise-
mcnt. it is being ndvcrtiscd intcrcollcgiatcly through
contacts in sports, dcbulc, and student gowrnun-ul.
Let’s spread the good word l’arther.

OUR MODEST PROPOSAL—
A CHIVALRY CLUB

We have bowed the lirst plank ol’ ihc 19364” News
platform. It reads “More l‘blvalry at State ('ollogc.“

it should be unnecessary to check up on tho umuncrs
of college students, but it is not. We still haw- thorn:
who rush through the corridors taking opponents out
of play, sparing not even the faculty, And tin-u then,-
arc the people who persist in marking up the (‘o-op
bulletin board.

We propose that State college have a (,‘hivnlry club.
This is just another name for an Etiquette club, but
the latter sounds like high school stull’. li‘urlbermoro,
we are dead serious and are not merely trying to add
to the college extracurricular activities.

Our Chivalry club would grant instruction to its
members along two lines. lr‘irst it. would teach the
secrets all correct informal contacts. A further dis-
cussion of this matter will be found in today’s book
column. .

The second line, one equally necessary, deals With
the courtesy and manners of formal contacts.

Frankly, some State students seem to avoid contacts
with the faculty outside of the classroom. They tin
“talking to the chaperones” exceedingly diﬂeult. Per-
haps this is because they lack a. respect for elders, per-
haps because they are afraid of them.

Our Chivalry club, even though it may never be more
than a ﬁgure of speech, would inaugurate a necessary
work, and one of its beatitudes would be “Blessed are
the faculty, for they are human.”

If we have not had sufﬁcient experience to be properly
mannered and at ease in most situations, it is time we

 

got it. We shall need it. 7
 . How To Be
0 A Popular Coed.
Antidote To “And Sudden Death."
The Children Tell It.
On Human Lassitude.

 

 

 

E.H.M.'— V.E.S. — S.W.

 

CO-EDiquette, by Elizabeth Eldridge. New York:
E. I’. Dutton and Company, Inc. 252 pages. $2.00.

(For sale or rent in the 00-01) June 3)

Here is the book that answer’s every college girl’s
prayer for the key to popularity and success. The
brief but overﬂowing chapters of CUEDiquctto oll'er
that eonlldcntnl advice which even the great indoor
sport at college ——" bull throwing," cannot give.

The book is written with an eye to the headaches
ot‘ the average college woman, but the college man
would be wise to peruse its pages. He might not onlv
learn better to understand his feminine classmates buvt
iind helpful hints about sortie of his own dillicultics.

The chapter entitled “Bedroom and Bath ” deals
with that tieklish but so necessary house etiquette.
Any group or sorority house should proﬁt by reading
it. “The girl who has lived successfully in a dormi;
tory or sorority house should make a better wife some
day because of her training.” Men take notice!

To the unsuspecting co-ed who capituiates to the
fraternity " line " the author sager warns:

" A man who gets a co-cd's kiss

.v\nd runs and tells his brothers

lines a vcry usual thing
.\nd gives ideas to others."

To the girl who takes her fraternity pin as the
symbol of everlasting iidclity ('U-Elhquctte says:
"Tom not your ears for the strains of Loin-ugrin, for
on canile they are played with many halts'nud an
occasional discord."

Elizabeth lildridgc's book is frank and personal. We
know it will ln' l'nlly appreciated by every uudcr‘
graduntc. \l'c lmstcu to recommend it as the ideal
" lhu-ilecker“ for every college freshman.

You Have Been Warned, by li'ougassc and .\lc(,‘ul-
lough, New York: E. l.’. lluitou and (Jo. Ill turtles.
$1.75. ‘

(For .wilc or rent in thc (Jo-op June 7)

in a highly hilarious l’ashion, these two jolly authors,
()iliccr McCullough and Judge l"ougassc, scll'lcrnu-d,
ol'l'cr us, in cartoon and illll'l'lltlli', an "antidote for
sudden death. ” ’l'hcir book, called a “Complclc (luidc
to the Road”, designed originally for solo in England,
has passed the 55,110“ mark in that country, and sci-ms
destined to lead an equal numbcr of Americans astray.

illustrations of the signals made by oihcl' drivcrs,
all ol’ which are t-qually unintclligible, arc iutcrspcrscd
with famous last words. Among them arc such goals
as “'l‘hanks. i can light my own—this ca r slccrs
itself,” “As a matter of fact, I drive bellcr whcn I‘ve
had a couple,” and “, . . cvcry inch oi" this road.”

A quotation from its Highway (‘odc is Imrlicnlarly
'nluablc for all aspirants to a llhodcs Scholarship.

I. To drivers of motor vchiclcs: chr-r do anything
unless you can scc that ii is sale to do so.

:1. To cyclists: chcr do anything unlcss you can sec.

21, To pcdcslrians and drivm‘s ol’ horse-drawn \‘n-hiclos
(and also to lhc luirsc): .\'c\'cr do anything.

Around the World in Eleven Years, by l'uilcltcc.
lib-hard and dull“ .\hbc. .\'i-\v York: broth-ricl-z .\.
Nola-s ('ntnpnuy. Illll pagcm $23.00

(For suit or I'll/i ill l/II' (Who/1)

Around (In! ll'orh/ in Iz'lci-rn l’cars is the charmng
story of life in various countries oi" the world as sccn
through children ’s eyes.

The authors arc three young children, and their
experiences, lohl in their univc way, become hilarious
oi." the quaint wording and lltcir dlil'crcnl,
childish umb-rstmuliug. The Ale l'nmily lraVcls
through l"raucc. Austria, Germany, llussin, England,
nail the l'ltilcd Slulcs.

we quote:

“The conununisls \\'(Jl'l‘ black shirts and were vcry
tough, and the Nillls worc brown shirts and wcrc also
\‘cry tough.”

“'l'hcn we paid iln- holcl bill and tho man thori-
ncnrly l'ulnlcd. l'bcn we went to lhc station and cvcry-
body was tln-rc and said, ‘(iruwi Hull, (lod spccd, Hood
link and for (iotl’n sukc don’t l'lillltf buck, You’w- bad
enough trouble, and wc hop.‘ uc can lmvc sonic III'IH'I‘
win-n you are gouc.’ ”

ln-causc

Wake Up and Live, by lloiullu-u lil'HllIlc. Ni-u York:
\imou and Hcluhtcr, I‘H paw-s, $1.75
(For Hilll' m' rial 1/. [hp ('1; op,
ll’ulrc Up and /.it'c is lhc l'orccl’ui dcnmml upon us
to make noun-thing ol” our ll\t“'), to gel out of lbc rul
into which wv huvc sunk, to do smart/rial] which will
make our livcs successful, Al'tcr reading il \\’t‘ got
lln- dcsirc to count up lhc asscls and liabililics at" our
pomons, to law rcnlity and attain lbs success from
which We had been slowly moving away. “Pumasy
may call the grapes ol’ reality sour, but those who hnvc
tasted them know at last a dependable delight."

’l‘be book is a sort of handbook to be taken as
needed by those who tool tlnemselves slipping back to
the spineless, nonchalaut mutemplation of a bored
existence.
is a

 

The book phenomenal panacea for human

lassitudo,

 

 

STATESMAN

Nan was al brecht up—did she
bump into that blue-eyed blond
nurse? Seb was alebrecht . . . 741
staged another dance. Romance. Is
that where Emilie’s face got so red?
. . . Do you like to ride in taxis,
girls? Don’t forget your money . . .
Paul was bulging with aristocracy
. . . Mimi's been shayin’ around

. . What’s Tom going to do now
that the ribbons are shorter? . .
Eben the ol’ Myskania has been
(lickering around . . . Results of the
week-end: KDR favored every
sorority . . . Banners’ gallery . . .
Al and George in color . . . Done in
high Subversive, Harry? . . .
Who put the soph picture in the
Fed’s senior section! . . . Good
looking book, kids . . . .lt’s Sitting
Bull McGraw now . . . Design for liv-
ing—Three lads and a gal resting
comfortably on the term. below the
State Capitol at six’n a halt' bells
Sunday morn . . . elbows nkimbo
and things . . . Don be hasty in your
Judgment . . . the Shadow knows all.
1.1” (‘cnlral took movies ol’ their clam-
bakc and other music ol’ popular
nature . world premiere already
has was been . . . best scqucuccs cut
out . . . why watch people eat.’ . . .
or more simply, why.‘ . . . or wasn’t
that caling.’ . . 'l‘he Mariner still
takes the boobies prizes for imilu-
lions ot‘ a popular tee dancer . . . .-
nicc guy very congenital .
licarstine to catch up, 0 nunlcst vio-
let, 0 quiet lad, 0 Flaps, 0 period

watch out bclowry. Meal ihc
llulchcr . . gets more Wise cvcry
day there's no place like two
bonu-s. Favorite ancient rubbish . . .
“Ash man.’ 'l‘cll’m to go homc, we

 

 

 

gotta null' ashes today”. Ash
enough ol’ that. l"|ossi(,-’ll havc to

comb the loose out of her hair . . .
rcel beauty for a nominal ilcccc.
Meaning .loJo, ol’ coarse, licsl ol"
the wcck . . . lailor lo (lrillin, “ How
long do you want your pants?” . . .
“i don’t wanna rcni’m, i wanna
buy’m.” ’alcnl pending on col-
|c(ic housii’s l, d, and h i’clla
Whose pin was Hollon loiing.’ .
.\iu hcrc no «lo the l’cd up right.
We want to csqnii'c \vhcrc did .\lcc~
ban get his swell art slui'l' . . . int ihc
photos . . . 'l'ln-y got one ncw i’acully
picturc . . . lhc man of state awards
l’our prich for senior piclurcs

llarby: “it must havc bccn immu-
glow.” l'llainc: “licaniit‘ul .\loon
light madonna.” ('harh-y: “Klili’s
ln-au bummcl,” “Adolph lh-uiio
ﬁiivcrman.” and pct-using lbc
hook l'urthcr . . . “Ilarilmcycr, Huck
Icy, and l'amily.” l“rosh ollicers:
"lmt yourscll' go!” lliou board:
"('onut Wm." llascbail: “’l‘hc iinal
squiul by a bunch of squinls” or
“H.l‘.'l‘, has a poppy spccdy tcam.”
"'l'hc dormitory brcaks up.” As to
i'caturcs -llardnu'ycr: "Ready to
hand out cigars and kiss the babcs."
llulgcr: “Study in clay.” lhickh-y:
"'l‘urning a cold shouldcr." l\'ranu-r:
“Lilllc cacsar in ~moking ,jackcl"
or “llu- mlghly milc.H .'\Illl linaiiv,
ubcrc do uc put our autographs? I

THE .\l.\.\' til" S'l‘A'l'l'I

CLUB TO REORGANIZE

Iliu' Mult' (ulh'gr- 'li'nllbnlinlll’u
will bc rcorgauizcd lor lhc coining
ycar. II‘ uni-bus will be made tip

ot‘ lhosc mcu \\lm haw pai'licipnlwl
ill Ils prmiucliuus in llll‘ past. llow
i-vi-r, nwuilu'l'shlp Hill in} opt-u in all

men in llu- colicgc who apply. In
lormaliou may bc obtniucd from

.lnnu-s Vanderpovl, ’Il'f, prcsitli-ul.

_Sign your pledges, sophs.’

 

COMMUNICATIONS

Editor STATE Cosmos News:

Last year the value of existing
class organizations was questioned in
a letter to the News. Most critics
are unacquainted with the work of
the classes and only see their failings.
However, this is no reason for not
remedying their faults.

The great and glaring faults of
class organizations can be traced to
economic grounds. No class president
legally presides over more than two-
iifths of his class. Thirty ballots out
of 300 have and can easily run a
class. .tlow can charges of fraternal
collusion be avoided? It is splendid
that a small minority has been enough
interested in class activities to tax
themselves out of all proportion in
order to give Campus day, Moving-up
day, freshman receptions, etc, to the
entire school. But how long can
democratic bodies accept such a dc-
plornble position”! The “l.ct's get
something for nothing” illllllltll' ol'
the majority is 100 per cent rotten
anywhere, but especially in Slate,
whcrc each of us has to work close to
the board.

This week the class of ’38 agreed
to try an experiment. if it soccccds,

 

 

 

dcmm-ratic government will be to
stored to class organizations. II" it

falls, 1 am inclined to think that a
different system should be instituted.

Next week ’38 will l'l!(‘L‘l\'t‘ picdgc
blanks for their 1936—37 dues. it in

per cent of the class sign plcdgt-s,
the dues will be cut in half to cilia).
The net result will be a rattling out
at its very source 01’ the complaints
against class organization, fraternal
politics, rapid interest, ballooned
budgets, and hat-to-hand-to-monlh
collections. All this plus a possibility
ol" another two-thirds cut in dues in
the senior year of the class of '35.
H. l).

College Magazine
Has State’s Photo

The May, lililli issue of The Col.
{(ch Store, a, college trade magazine
published by the National Associa—
tion of College Stores, carries on its
cover a photograph of State college.
The photo, entitled: “A Campus
Scene, State College, Albany, i\'. l'."
includes l’age hall, part of Milne
High School, and Richardson hall.

An article, “Books Which Sell
’l‘bcmsclves” by Miss llelen ’l‘. l"ay,
member of the faculty ainl manager
of the Co-op, was included in the
same issue.

Past. issues ol" 'l'ltc Colby/c Store
this year had cover photographs of
scenes at Yale, Harvard, l’rincclon,
the University oi’ Chicago, and the
University ol’ l'cnnsyl'nnia. The
magazine is now on display in the
(‘o»op, and the student body is in-
vich to drop in and inspect it.

 

 

‘News’ Discloses
Playgoer’s Identity

With the closc oi.’ the current din
mntics scason, lbc Nuws announces
lhal it has been ably scrvcd in dru
malic criticism by .\lar.joric \\'bcalon,

’Illi, prt-sidcnl oi' the llrnmatics .lllll
.\rl association, as l’lnygocr. (in
Iii't‘llHlllil during lln- M'llstill .\liss

\\'bo:ilon has bccn usslsicll bv l‘ccll
\\'aikcr, 'illl. -

l"m' collcgc musical productions
lluring lhc ycar Norma 'l'aylor, ’illi,
has utillcn l‘oslllldl', music i-i'llicism.

 

discussion last Friday are:

llaulu-lluill. . .
bouilmll . . . , . . . . . . . . . ..
.\ll‘ll’\ iult'amurnls , . .. .
.\l'.lclic contingency. . , . 
l'l'lms country. ,
liilfil'ltllll. . . . .
'l'i-uuin. .., ..,
.\lllull' us-nn'ialion. . , . .
lulu'marv l'uod, , . . . ,..

'l‘rcnsuvcr’s bond. _ . , . .
liil'ls' .\ll|lclic association
National sludcul
Now».

are:
llt‘llllltl council. . .

and Art association.

liramatics
Lion. . . .
iu'cho. . . .
’l‘nx cards. . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . ..

'l'olnls. . .

 

 

Budget Tabulations

Budget items for 1936—37 which were approved in the ad smmlun

.‘wcrv-larinl I'ultilugt‘ni). . . , , ...,.,
l‘th-rnlion. . ..
Budget items to be discussed ad scriotnn today

l"rcsluuan lilllltllioult. . . . . . . . . ..

Myslmuia and Hludenl council...

. . . . . . . . .. sl-luopu smooth»
. v . . . . . .. Tatum oodoo
 2.31th: .tuupo
. . . , ., :udoo :oopo

, . . . . ,, lilh‘dlll Ins oo

. , . . ., lllHl,llll t'...o no
doubt) :1.nl no

Hlll),llll HUI! tln

lHllll,l)ll Isuo no

. . . . ,, L’IiIIJiIl Ltuupu
Hahn :'.‘. uo

, . . , . . .. llaopo |l,'.u no
 IIIcs I.‘.o.oo
L‘Sl‘Jnill 21:70.0”

. . . . . . . . . ., 125,19 l75,oo
. . . . . . . . .. LL'n'HHl 'Jlii').llil
. . . . . . . . . .. 1000,00 lziootm
. . . . . . , , . . . 500.00 650.00
 550.00 550.00
. . . . . . .... . L‘lill.0(l 13411.0()
. . . . . . . . . .. 10,00 moo
. . . . . . . . . .. $13,113,147 $14,103.00

|ll."..'r :to Illilil :1."

 

 

