‘..

 g E”). calf)"

 

MANIMADE lightning. erraticiand destructive when untamed, but a

valuable servant to humanity when controlled, is beingput to work in
the interests of science by Dr. Joseph’s. Carroll and his assistants within the
black walls of Stanford University‘s isolated High’Voltage Laborator . There
lightning is being used to develop devices for the protection of big voltage
lines, ways and means of making conductors that will carry 287,000 volts at
distance of 275 miles. COLLEGIATE Dioesr presents here unusual photos of
lightning taken in the Harris J. Ryan High—Voltage Laboratory.

‘1 Wheels. “bah , .

‘rppbh’. >‘n‘ ,.

a
a).

An 830,000’v0lt bolt of man—
made lightning. The man at the
Light indicates the height of this

It.

.i- '

These are the meter sphere gaps and
transformers that can measure up to a million
volts.

A giant lightning arc created by
many hundreds of thousands of
volts.

 

ACOLLEGE class which lasts four hours at one sitting sounds like a
heavy dose. Yet the students majoring in psychology at Colgate
University, [0 per cent of the upperclassmen, take their seminars in this
halfvday dosage every week of their last two years of college/"and they
do all of the teaching themselves, and like it! Under- the direction of
famed research man Dr. Donald A. Laird, the students prepare, lead and
present their own discussionsmbut he does have to do a hit of refereeing
when the arguments get
too hot. COLLEGIATE
Dioesr presents here in
"picture and paragraph"
some of the unusual

features of these semi, r. Laird  coach
nars, and referee.

‘r ‘ ‘rv "  vi! 
THESE six smiling beauties from Drake University were chosen as a court

of honor far the Drake relays queen, Jane Phelps of Northwestern. They
represent Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta, Delta Gamma and Chi
Omega sorOriries. '

“‘1” ' ' ' Seminar students listen (left) to a col!
league reading a paper (right). Diffused
light, soumlrproof walls, large ﬁreplaces.
antique musketry provide a manniah at:
mosphere, great physical comfort.

At 4 o'clock they take time out for tea
and a stretch (left) to relax for more heated
discussions soon to follow (right). Notlv
ing pertaining to psychology can be dis—
cussed during the rest period.

After {o’clock scientific movies relating

r, > 7 . .. . .7 ' ‘ I - , .m the topic being studied are shown in the
ma PAINTINGﬁ . ,. rs in works of art that are world  ‘ saws Qumran rim. This year all different

' min/mi were treated by some undergraduates for a a .. ., Ll . .,.  has; been st,de hr maxim i return:

 

