 

 

V Page 2

State College News

4 Established by the Class of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper or New York state
College for Teachers-

THE NEWS BOARD

km. D.  "Hummer-mono;
Kaitlin Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 24314
Emu A. Boone”.....................News Editor
Bets Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3266
Ghana M. UNomEB..................Associato Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street. 2-0424
hm Duran...”...........Assistant News Editor
Kspps Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4314
mar Gonna. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
Vinoqu Smln................Assistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario street, 3-0137

_ OAIOLYN Smarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, Quail Street. 2-4144
JOHN  .Assooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Lawn Sm............Associato Business Manager
206 Western Avenue. 4-5967

THE NEWS STAFF

SPORTS EDITORS
Frank J. Hardmeyer, Charles McConville, seniors

Sornonoss DESK EDITORS
Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Rmnrzas

Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley. Elsa
Calklus Hulda Classen. Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans.
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodruﬂ'. seniors: Alice Barrows.
Helen Clyde, Isabel Davldge. Elizabeth Gooding, Elfrieda
Hartt. Elizabeth Herr, Joan Ksplan. Ethel Iicshner. Mary
Lam, Robert Margison, Mary Plank. Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye, Juniors; Betty Appledoorn. Rose Berkowltz,
Mildred Bodin, Anne Burr, Frances Luhlll. Helen Callenlus,
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox. Ali-ens DeLong, Antoinette
Don \ito Elizabeth Driscoll. Jeanne Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost,
Ella Gitl’ord, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis
Jobson, Rose Kurkhill, Charlotte Libman, Jean Lichenstein,
Josephine Maurice. Mary McClung, Lillian Masher, Ruth
Mullen, Helen Olski, Theresa Palmer, Mae Rosenbeck,
Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver. Martha Shcehy, Muriel
Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocialed Collegiate Press

Distributor of
Colleéiale Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, 02.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

The ans does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be

rated unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
rn-Chief of the ans. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The was does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

Panama av Born Pam'rmo Co., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, No. 14 February 2], 1936 Albany, N. Y.

 

JUNIOR BOARD OF EDITORS
Fred E. Dexter llarry T. (lumucr
Virginia 1'}. Stool

 

——-ll)37

Juniors—we have bccn freshmen and sophomores“
we will be juniors for this semester only, and thcu~~~
us seniors, Iln: ultimntc concern of all of us will In: tho
iinnl ascent of the ladder of our prot’cssionnl collch-
training and our reward via the omploymcnt llul'L'Hli.
lint will we get this rcwurd.’ Should we got this
reward! The answers to those questions dcpcnd on us.
With less than three scmcslcrs to go, wc should pcrmil
no dust to gather on Ibis :qqn'mlching horizon, bill
should make every cll'ort to bring our goal ncnri-r lo
realization.

There is no place more i’crlilo in which such i-l'l'orls
could be sown and greater hnrvculs rcnpcd lbun in tin-
departments of our major and minor choice. ’l‘hc
faculty of Ibcsc dcpnrlnwnis arc us much com-crm-d
with us as we will be will: them in Hull. I'lillploycrs
look to them for their products, and wc an: llu- produciu.
\l'bat lhcy know about lm in Ihcir only basis for IIn-ir
solos tnlku—lhe rccommondntions they Ill‘I‘ lo givc us.
Scliolnslicnlly we may or may Ilol have sold oursclvo.
to them, but rcgnrdh-ss of this, h-I’s gcl ncquninlm
further. Mort lbtun on lhl'lr own lcrrilory, not :Is :1
student primarily, but ‘mnn Io mnn,’ Wu should obtain
their interest, ndvicc, nnd comml-nts whclln-r criticism
or praise. We should brcnk down nud ignorc Ilu- old
tradition of ‘lmurl-shnkiug'. l'Ivcry i'nculIy nn-mbi-r hm.
our host interval at heart and it' w‘c work with llu-m,
not ln-ccssnrlly for them, llIIing will bl- our ri-wnrd.

llow lulllly of us of lho junior cbms Innvc lundc n
social entry into room ii") of Milno High school! In
this room the Appoinl,nn.-nt ilnrcnu with Slim lidun M.
Lowcrrcc is ‘nt bomc' six days bill of tho w'm'k. cht
year this bureau will look in lilll’l for its mulcrinl.
We should not feel that wu nrc intruding. or walking
into II ‘llon’s dcn’ if we visit Ihis bnrcnu. .\ cordial
nnd intorostcd hostess awaits us, and hor supromc
desire in to know the stndmua whom she is to iwommcml
as teachers. Do not wait for llllurvicws. Lot ’s koow
Miss Lowcrrcc now, or tomorrow and we will in: trunk
lug an all important step toward the realization of n
position next year.

No more cordial invitation or wurmcr Wtdcolno uwuils
1987 than that to get acquainted from line faculty or
Miss Lowcrreo. They encourage cooperation. Why not
cooperate with them? Mutual benefits will bc dcrivcd.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1936

Red and White Banner Marches
Through Two Eventful Years

TO THE JUNIORS

We slipped into the rotunda of State college a hit
self-consciously on that autumn day in ’33, but we wore
proudly our badges of red and white, determined to
do or die in the name of State and the Class of 1937.
Even then, in. the ﬁrst difﬁcult months of organization:
and readjustment, we strove to live up to the symbolism
of those colors—red for spirit, class spirit, and white
for loyalty, both to college and to class.

We have originated a proverb, gleaned from our
experiences during the two and a half years in which
we have worked and played together. It is this: Your
freshman year is given you to ﬁnd yourself, your
sophomore year to found yourself, and your junior
year to prove yourself.

We have worked to make the necessary transitions
from high school to college. In social, class, and extra-
curriculnr life we have tried to ﬁt ourselves into the
order of things, to carve out of the huge block that
is State college a little niche in which our colors might
be hung. With an enthusiasm which was equaled only
by our inexperience we set to work. Our first attempts
were clumsy; many times the chisel slipped, or could
not make an impression; but we did not become
fatigued.

Our sophomore year we founded ourselves; as we
increased in knowledge, in social case, and in efficiency
we became more skilful in our use of the implements.
Though we lost rivalry, we were nndauntcd. By May
of our sophomore year we felt a scnsc of belonging.
The niche was completed and the colors hung.

But this is not enough. We must now prove our
worth to the college. Simply founding ourselves brings
no honor. Now we look forward to the future, toward
greater glory and successes than we have already at.
laincd, not confidently but yet with hope and with the
some boundless enthusiasm which has charm-tcrizcd all
our activities from Freshman camp to Junior Week-cud.

Juniors! Tonight we prove the truth of our nnmc.
We are the “Jolly Juniors,” and tonight, as we
promenade the hall, us we (lance and frolic, let us look
occasionally at the red and white banner above us and

rcnl'lirm our plcdgc of loyalty. To 1937 and to
N.Y.S.C‘.’l‘.!

 

STAND UP AND SING!

Last Friday’s rivalry sing was one of the best
assembly programs we have seen this year. It brought
back to the student body the gala spirit with which they
attended the “debate” of :1 recent assembly and the
student sing of thc full. Congratulations are due those
who prepared the freshman program—the song leader,
thc authors, and the class as a whole. The success of
the program reminded us of n sentimcnt that has been
voiced at Stutc college bci’orc—“Lct’s make State a
singing college.”

State has some good college songs. The promise of
more of them is found in the results of thc Mysknnin
song contest and in the songs in the rivalry sing. And
State people can sing; witness thc enthusiasm for the
sport in the month of May.

At least two things, howcvcr, stand in the way of our
making the slightest claim to thc titlc of a singing
college. We only sing our songs two or three timcs a
year: and we don’t know thc words when we do sing.

llct us lmvc more general sings. Lct us investigate
the possibility of seeing u now cdil’ion of thc Statc
('ollcgc Song llook to rcplncc thc cnrrcnl (1923) edition.
Most important, let us lcnrn the words of our songs.
That will be the grcntcst incentive of all to our singling
tln-m. Lct us make singing at State collcgc not a scmi-
annunl burst of frccdom from rcprcssiou but a real
major sport.

 

 The Last or His Kind.

 

 

F.E. D.

Zaharotf, The Armaments King, by Holmrt Scum-inn.
Now York: Alfred A. Knopf, liliili. $3.73.

This biography with case rivals in both slrcngih oi'
chnrncicr nnd iicld of activity nny biographical lilcrn
llll'l' in print, but dill‘l-rs from tho biography as such
in lhnl very little lungibh- mnicrinl or l'ncIs cnn lu’
glcnnl-d l'rom ll.

'l'bc Iircck, Sir linsil Znhuroll', is Iln- liixl of his ll'lln'.
llc urosi- to no inicrunlionnl iinnm-inl pinnnclv n~ lbw
munitions mngnnIc of tin. world unlidsl :i son-on oI‘
myHicry which until Iodny rcmniu~ unrnvclml.
Ili’l'lllllllllHlli‘il in n pcriod whn'u munilion~
l'urnisbcd by for llII' groan-u union“! of llu- supplios
of wur, nppronchcs impossibilin Ioduy with Ilu- inclu
~'iou and utilization of bolus-Ir) ilwli' ils illllllli’Hllll‘ nnd
cast-mini to war.

Ni-umunn in his work, llllIlI‘l'liiliI‘ri lo lwnclruln- Ibo
lulu-r coullln-s ol' Hil‘ llusil's lil'c uud I‘llli'ltllllt‘
world ill'lilll lbc ('thlt‘llrt' of Ibis polculntv. .\ \I‘lll‘i‘ll
I'or l'ncls ovcr lIIUl'l‘ lbnu ulm' yours mu his lot, bill In
what u-ml.‘ Ho Hots i‘orlh his ﬁndings conscionliouhly,
pi'cclscly, uud will: no prob-um- in! knowing morn- Ilmn
lu- din-H. Hill as Iln- ‘liuis’ of tho book :ippcnm, onc s
curiosin n‘ to llu‘ Milll'l'l' of Sir llnxil'x major strole
i'ortum- is llllrn'lllslll'll ns bci'orc.

lllll lcl IH uoI crllicim- uud blunn- NI-umnun l'ol' ihi.‘
shortcoming. 'l'bc lnsk lu- sol I'or hilnwli' is prm'licnlly
impossiblc. As is quoli-d in n l'l‘\li'\\' of tho book by
l'lric llodgbm, “tho plain Irth m-vnm Io lu' that Sir
innil livos in n nirulosplo-rc which hruvlt‘l'lbuliull
journnlisn lilu- llcrr Ni-ulnnnu will non-r nblc lo
l'l'ui'h,” llul llll'l'l‘ lll'l' lu'llllll‘ who could pcnclt'qu
lhlu slrnlospln-rc nod uoruvcl I’or u-. u lucid biongle
Lloyd licorgr, .\l. 'l‘nrdb'u :iud cwn n umnory coursc
by lli'l'lH'l‘l Lawn-ow, prom-MI cbnirnmn ol' Vicki-rs. l.Id..
mighI bring forth contribulions of inmIii.|.-ibh- vnbw
'l'lu-ui- uourcm will novcr bc pmu-Irnll-d; Ilu-y orb clowd

 

 

l'ux-lornw

(Ill

bo

 

 

 

l
l
I
l
l
l
I

This l‘l'lllﬂ

I
l

l

r
I

l

I

I

“We are little freshmen,

And we don’t give a hung,

About the fun they poke at us,

It only adds a tang

To life here at State college
Where we’ve been duly sent

To learn to teach our modern youth
to be intelligent. . . .”

In this way members of the class
of 1937 voiced their class spirit in
their ﬁrst inter-class rivalry sing.
Orientation was over, and ’37 had
cntcrcd into the full life of State
college. Yet impressions of the
orientation days still linger in the
minds of today’s jolly juniors—im-
pressions of frcsluuan 'amp, sopho-
more nnd junior receptions, Activities
day, and Professor Kirtlnnd’s now
extinct. “Ed 9” course.

The most memorable events of
1937’s frcslnntm year, of course, had
to do with rivalry, through which the
class was admirably led by its ﬁrst
ofﬁcers: John Deno, Alice Allard,
Lula Dull'cy, and John Murphy.

The sophomores took the sing and
lhc basketball games as rivalry got
under way, but a freshman dcbnte
tcnm succeeded in upholding the ncgn-
Iivc side of the qucsiion, “Resolved:
That we are slowly bccoming a race
of lunatics,” in spite of sinccrc
cil'orts on the part of the sophomores
to judge the human race bv them
selves. '

In May camc lhc Mascot hunt,
of which the class of 1937 enjoyed
a glorious two days. On the second
night 11 group of sophomore girls
raided the freshman banquet in
qucst of the rod and white bnnncr.
While the raid was unsuccessful,
somewhere in thc coursc ol’ events
the Richardson buttery room was
cntercd and some damage done. The
Host morning both nmscot hunt and
banner rivalry wcrc suspended. Two
days later both freshmen and sopho-
mores gnvc vent to their repressed
spirits at an nlLSlntc bonﬁre on the
\\':lshingiou nvcuuc campus, with
songs and spcccbcs and sunkc dnnccs.

(‘nmc the class’s lirsl' Movingup
day. Rivalry was lost, but that fact
has not dimmcd impressions of big
rcd tics and hair ribbons, whilc ducks
and drcsscs, and the silence full of
whispcrs during “tapping.” ()n the
prcccding night the class of ’37 insti-
tutcd a custom of its own --thc pros-

 

I.
~IIII‘ll N

THE STATESMAN ,

Hccond scmcstcr study resolutions
will sull'cr a sctback this week-end as
the Juniors and the rest of the school
“go to town." We don’t go to town
vcry oI'tcu, but when we do -——.
Town is uscd udvisvdly instead of
I'Jdgmvood in vlcw ot' rcgulniion No.
.‘iTH~l5Il§llll/_.. Why do the Juniors
wood to l’orl’cit n l’rcc bid to Queen
lliln w;hcn .\lysknnin nlrcndy holds the
wln-rcwillml; could ll bc a Il'iol And
lbcn lili'l'i' arc lhosc pcoplc who por-
sisI in making ihcir l’lom datcs

 

 

 

 

lcusl two months lucl'orchand-»-~w:m it
n sni’ciy mmsurc. i‘hnrlic, or do thcso

i'rcshmcn bold Iln- uppcr hnud':

lll‘llNlllill‘i‘ hns slgllcd in lhc [it'd
I'ross' drivc, nI b-nsl i'or llu' work I
I-ud nnd. il Iuki-s l’t-ppor Io w‘ukc.
l'olicr l‘illll'\ slot-py juniorwllwsc
I‘uIblcss womcu who wool to go lo,
'l'I-u llnuci- nl'lcr nll just lu'x‘nusc ill
moans ulll‘ lIIIIl'I‘ day of l'uion nnd,
Ilu-n, wc'rr wailing l'or llw- ilzlllll
o'clock dtu‘ldliuc IonighI Io soul

\\'lII'll|4'| our Ilucluoling junior girls,

 

go ll.l'.|, or Nlnln- l|u~ buski-lbnll
Icnm's Iowa .‘ll'i‘ at n prl-Inium so is,
HpHi‘I' on Ibo bus lo Syrncuuc Hulll'.\',l

lull lln-rc will bc no chnpcrouc girlsﬂ
all nix jqu Io vbullgc Ihc sulljlu'l, ll
\voudcr how Iln~ lmnp Ylor driw l'or‘

righls conning nloug Hill"
~wrol'ily hos mndc on inilinl bid w'ol
undcrslnnd lhc llll‘ll lllllll'i'l'llili' Ibo:
spllil ol' roopl'l‘lllion. \'llll‘lill|ll"h‘
dny Ims coun- :md goin-wﬁlqu'n-l
jl-slcrs \\I'l‘l' unusunlly busy llllilillitf‘
Ibing Irhyluci. 'l‘hl' Ilighl lit'lcl'clldj

| n

bn-gnn llo- lu-d rmiml ulccling by
Icuding u hymn in :1 piclurmqo‘
wny .\linnic Iln- Mcrmuld should

hnn- won the bcnuiy I'Hllll‘nl but c\i
dcnlly Iln- dorm’s mow m'llllllllli'l
i~n'l vi-ry sub-lunlml. .\ndl
lmxc you l'lN'l' hl‘i‘ll Ibc \ilill'l\ll'l\'

around Iln- Io-w~ ollicc nolwilb~lnud

Io Ihc invcnllgnlious of any Illi'l'i' privnlc. 'l‘logv boldl. .

lhc lH-yn IhnI would unlock Ibc doors and admit "V" .HW‘" .“'1'”"""I'muml “"7"”

“um I” H“. “(lurk “with i” Sh. “will”. ml“ H” panI-ls which hnn- luv-on IIIilI'lilI;.'l

l’rcqucnlly mentioned nud cxplnincd by Ncumuun by 12”“! I’ll”): “i'l'wlh'” “ml

more t’ulilo conimslurcs and doubt. "“HW' “HHHIHW‘ “HHWH‘T' "m'
' morc llrum-llcs nl'c tlu-I'c no

liul Ill-spite Ibo fuel. that .'\'cumnnn lms sol for him

scli’ u look in which ho was I’orcdoomnd lo fall, In- bun M‘m‘l” ‘” "l" l”’”’""v “" “” l4"“""

conlrilmlod lo biography n book which is l‘npnbll' ol'
suslninlng onc’s interest Ihroughoul and which rclcnl
lcsuly lcnvcs ouc suspended in a greater doubi and
curiosity at tho and than at lhc beginning. llnl who

 

con rcsisl such on ndvcnlnrc?

nn'ul l w'ondcl ll’ Ihc i'hi Hig
tradition will wl-nlhcr Ihc storm.
Just by may of [ll'l'Illi'ilIlll, l lhink
llooscvcll will bc rock-civil,

'l'llli MAN or Sri'rn.

.cborus

entntion of a gift to its retiring
prcsident. John Dcno received [1
State banner, and a year later John
Murphy was to receive a college key
as a token from class meu'ibcrs.

Rivalry for the second year proved
exciting. Most interesting was the
ducking of the freslunnn president
in Washington Park lake by a group
of eight sophomorcs who were out
to make a story for the Soiree edition
of the News.

Banner rivalry yielded a lively
chapter in the sophomore history of
the year. The battle of March 27
in the pass to the Cafeteria and on
the plains of the Parking grounds
was a. wild scramble to say the least.
The results of the battle only proved
once more how 1937 would seem fated
to get into lcgnl difﬁculties at the
most trying times.

The class’s sophomore year wit-
nessed at least two important changes
in college nll’nirs—thc transfer of :1
number of powers from Mysknnizt
to student council, and thc i’ornmiion
of a much needed Men’s intramural
association which was i’ollowcd this
year by a general lion’s Atblciic
association. Thomas Harrington was
chosen lirsl' prcsidcni oi' the lulrn-
mural association.

Upon moving up to thc status of
juniors the class of 1937 lurncd its
attention to guiding its incmuing
sister class. liobcrt Mnrgisou edited
the Freshman lluudbook, and Agnes
'l‘orrcus served us clmirumn oi" the
Junior (luidc ctmnnittcc.

Then came the junior ycnr proper
wshndcs of “lild 5” and advnnccd
drnnmlics. in thc t'nll loo them were
two more notablc chauch in the
college—the incrcusc of the number
of mcn ndmitlcd as frcshmcn lo loo,
and the existence of a new Alumni
Residence hall.

The class oliiccrs for this ycnr are
Alice Allard, Thomas Mcchun, liosc-
mnry Dickinson, and Harry (iunmcr.

And as junior wcck-cnd, in spite
of its glamour, reminds thc class
that they have spent alrcady two
and :1 half years of their life at
State, lhcrc is just a bit of appre-
ln-usion of the days ahead, until like
the clnsscs that bavc gonc bcl’orc us
we
“’l‘o Ihc darkness turn our I’nccs,
(‘hcrishing a dream.”

 

State to Present
Original Minstrel

The Girls’ Athletic association and
the ’l'roubndours, men’s musical or-
ganization, will present an original
minstrcl show in the auditorium of
Page hull Saturday, March 28, ac—
cording to l‘llainc llnird, ’36, presi-
dent of i‘l.A.A., and Edvard Kramer,
’ilil, prcsidcnt of tho ’l‘roulnnlours.

'l‘hc minslrcl will bc a l’cntnrc of
Ihc Alumni \vcck-cnd. All Hinic lulcut
will bc used both in the writing and
producing of this show. All Ihc songs
l'cniurcd will be original Slali- col-
h-gc crcutions. Hpccinlly dunccs and
numbcrs arc also in bc in-
cludcd in Ibo program. 'l'hc codircc~
Iors of tho minslrcl nrc llclly Sludc-
bnkcr and John Edwards. juniors.

i-‘ollowing llu' show, Ihcrc \\'Ill bu
dancing in tho l’ngi' bull gynmnsium.

 

GRECIAN GAMBOLS

.\'ow' [but our lluudl'ctl nud i'olll‘
l'rcshmcn hnvc Inkcn iln' Iinul sin-p,
Ilu- lll'l'l‘lllll nislcru hnvc sclllcd down
to tho usunl order ol‘ nI'l'uirs. 'l'w'o
cngugmnvnls Inkc this work’s spot
light. l\'.l). nnnounm-n Ihc cugugc
mcnI ol' l\'nIlu-lim- irondnll, 'JlT, io
l"l‘l‘ll i'lllllHI'll, chins ol'

 

 

'llil ol' li.l’.|.
l‘i Alpha 'l'nu nnuouuccs Ilu- cugngw

nqu of .\lnrgni'cl :llii'illlri, ’37:, lo
llow‘nrd Hold, 'ilo, of NI. John's l.uw
HI'lIiIill.

'l'ln- soroliibvs hun- coniinucd llu-ir

plcdgiug ucli\ilics. iiumum l‘hi
Mgmn coon-s- through with ﬂying
colors In gl'm'l Alui'g‘lll‘l‘l \Vllnoll, '37,
.\dn liukowski, ’JiH, nnd l~‘nllh Ellis,

Mildrcd Hing, nod I'llnbn- Mol'sc,
l’rcshmcn. l’hi linulbdn iuiiiuII-d
lu'mily linin, ‘.'l7, and plcdgu-d llur-
gnu-cl Hchuyb-r and Allcc llurlbul,
juniors. .lcnn lloolz, ’38, joined
l'I. ll. l'hi nud llcuriclic Mcnncy, ’ilil,
lll'l'llllll' nu l‘lln l’hi.

A fcw loynl ulumnnc drii’lcd in lo
spcnd lhc \vcck-cnd. .‘llurlc l’rindlc,
’ii-I, cnmc buck lo (lnnmul Kup.
A. ll. l'hl w'clcomcd llcrlhn Frost,
’35, and Hannah li‘rost, ‘Jlil, for tho
holldny.

