State College

 

l

 



 

Voi.. XX, .\"o. 12

S'rA'rl:

(,‘oomarnc ron TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1936

 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issues

 

Pinafore To Sail

On February 12

Dr. Candlyn and Norma Taylor, '36,
To Direct Presentation
Of First Operetta

(tilbert and Sullivan fans will again

visit State eollege when the State
()pei'atie soeiety presents "ll..\l.H.
l’iliat'oi'e”. \Vtttiltt‘stitly and ’l‘lnii’s

(lily, l"ehrilary l! aiid li‘l, iii the I'llge
hall auditorium. ltr. 'l‘. l"rederiek ll.
(‘andlyu, head ot' the milsie depart-
llt(‘llt, will direet the iiiiisieal seores,
aiid .\'oi'liia 'l'aylor, Till, the notion ot'
the play, oliisie assoeiatioo. sponsors
ot' the prodiirtioii, ailnouiieed.

\\'ith the ﬂagship. ll..\l.K. l‘iiiat'ore,
as the setting, a rust of nine alol two
ehorlees, Sir .loseph‘s t'eiuale l't'll‘l'
tires, alid oile ot' sailors, will bring

bark tiilbel't and Sullivan tunes to
Slate's stage i'ot' the “Hit liltie ill as
many years. Three \eterans ot' t'or
nler operettas, |"r:lllees Htlldebakei'
aiid \\'i||iaoi iilkt'l', seniors, and
dailies Vanderpoel. ’37, will again be
ill the east supported by talented

thespiaos :llid soloists.

As the story goes, .\'ir .loseph l‘or-
tei', admiral iii the queen's navy, de-
siring to marry (‘aptaill t'oreoran’s
daughter, Josephine, eoines aboard
the l’inat'ore. it happens that
Josephine is ill love with Ralph Harte
straw, a t’ttllllltttli seaman. ’I'hroligh
the efforts ot' itiek Ih-adeye, eoXswaiii,
their plan to go ashore aiid marry is
diseoierld. (omplieatiog events ainl

St!

tlUll/iltlllll on pug/r /, eolnllln J)

Students To Hear
European Politics
Discussed Today

Students ill the llzltt o’etoek as-
sembly tllis morning will have another
opportunity to hear Dr. Paul l)elig|ei',
ot' Austria, the t'ouuder and a direetor
ot’ the Austrian institute ot' .\inerieaii
l‘Idiieatioii ill Vienna. lti'. lleiiglel'
will talk on “llemoerary in i‘llll‘lipt'
Sim-e the World War”, aiid will also

tom-ll on tile ;\tititl'itlll aiid (ierinaii
relations at present, whieli will of
course include eommeilts on tile pros-
peets ot’ peace or war ill middle
I‘llll'()|i('.

l'tr. lienglei' appeared bet'ore a
State eollege assembly in ltt:t-, aiid
also onee previous to that. He has

leetured widely in England, (‘aiiltda
and the United States. lli'. |)euglei
is well aequaiiited with the I‘lltl‘ttltt‘tlll
situation and brings iil’Sl'iltlllti knowl-
edge ot’ aetnal eoliditioiis lls ll t'oilnda-
tioii for his talk.

The results ot' the song eolitest eon
dueth by .\lyskaiiia, wliieh elosed
Friday, will lllso be aliiloiiileed during
the program this morning. The win-
liing' song or songs will be illeorpo-
rated in the truditioiml songs ot' the
eollege, ainl will be published in the
lv'res/llnlln Iltllltllllmh’, the H'I‘A'I‘ilt (‘ole
i.l-iol-: .\‘iiws mid the .\‘Ioll (Ill/IIHI'
.\‘ony/tloo/r. The student body will also
have liii opportunity to get aeqnuioted
with them at the next assembly sing.

Mexican Art Exhibit Portrays
Native Talent and Character

Interest ill art is still evident at
Hittle eoiiege, :is lll'ti\t'ti h)’ lilt' t‘ll
thllsiasin ot' tlle students ill adlnir
itig the \it‘\ii':llt art t'\i|tiill por
trayed oil the seeolld lloor ot' ltrllper
hall tlttii III the library.

,\iis.\ I'Lunlee .\. I’ei'ilie, assistant
pl'ot'essot til. lille :tt‘ls, \\iio il'll\t'lt‘ti
rerently lil ,\|e\ieo, has gathered a
l'ttllt't‘litlll Ii‘pte‘i‘lllittg lite ill't ol'
our wiltloiil In the

lieighhol'. dis

 

play on the alt elllss bulletin boold-

litht‘ll ot' the paintings

are pittules

ot' ltilgo Itiiera. el'eiilor ot‘ murals
Ill ltadio t‘Ity, whose work was re
p-rted heellttsi' of his i'oiiilnliiiislle
hliiiings. 'l‘hese illustrations ot' his
ereatlye genius were originally in

tile l'ol'io ot' I'resroes made by liliei'a
on tile walls ot' the l’lliare ot‘ t'oltel,
at t'uernllvara, the home ot' the late
llwighl .\lorrow, t’ol'iuei‘ l'liited
thtes ambassador to Mesieo.

'l'hese pietlii'es portrlly the tragie
story ot’ .\li-xiellu history from the
time ot‘ the early usurpation by

‘ ttt' pallleillai' interest is the sample
{ot' a lypieal t'l'eseo \\itit‘i| Miss
l‘erioe et‘eltted while studying in
\'e\\ \orlv, .\lade t'rom \llilous
layers oI' lime mixed with dilt'el‘ent
te\lltt'<'h‘ ot' llllll'llil‘ dust, the t't'esl'e
iepreseilts the same type Used in
lioillall and medieval times.

’lne llrtieles iii the library show
etist' inrhlde sample». ot' .\lex‘iraii

DIRECTS OPERETTA

 

Norma Taylor, 'Itl‘l. who will
assist Dr. 'I'. I“t(’til'l'i(‘ii ll. (‘aiidlyii
with the prmliietioii ot' “ |l.M.H.

l'iliat'ore" on li'ebruary l2 and l.‘t.

gig;”s...lsl..’;l"..gw’““’”
Will Be Feature ,
Of New Contest‘

With the

earliest. a new winter sport has been

advent ot’ winter 1

 

opeiied t'or State students ill the form t,
.

ot' a “Snow Heillptiire” eoiltest spoiiv
sol'ed h_\' the eoilegt' tldlltitiistt'tlliolt. ‘

'I‘his eontest, aiiiioilneed \\'ednesda_i't
at‘ternoon at a meeting ot' all housei
presidents ot' sororities, i'raternities,‘
aiid groitlt houses, before Mr. .\. ii.
iiI'lllIitt'itt'l', president, and Miss lieleil
ll. .\lorelalid, dean ot' women, will
eoiitioue iliitil li‘ebrllai‘y 2:3 with llll
houses eligible to eoinpete. l’i'izes will
be awarded tor the most iligenioiis
ereation eoiistriieted t'i'oiii snow. As
an added feature to arouse interest.
gym eredit will be assigned to silt'
deals for partieipatioii in the projeets.

When a projert is eompleted, iiotiee
should be sent to the judges, two ot'
whom will he Miss l‘liiliiee i’eriiie,
assistant prot’essor ot' tiiie arts, and
Miss tirnee Martin, instruetor in art.
.\ pietiiie should also be taken ot’ it
aiid should he presented to the judges.

This winter eiistom has been ear-
ried oilt on other eoilege eliinpuses for
some years, with liartlnoilth iiielliding
it as a traditional eoiitest, amt L'ilioii
eollege last year initiated it into their
winter program. The winning en»
trant at l'nion last year was awarded
the prize t'ol' a depietion ot’ Mae West.

CLUB TO MEET

I’liology elnh will eolldliel lttl iin
portant business meeting 'i'oesday.
February ii, at noon :ieeordlog to
.lalie iligham, Yitti, presidellt. t

.\'otiee ot' t'utiire iileetiiigs will he
sent only to those members who have
paid their dues. Dues only be paid
to either .\Iiss liigham, Ileleu
Lawton, treasurer.

lII'

 

.\paill up to the period when .\le\i

rails looked t‘orward to revolt lilld
regained I'reedoill. 'l'he appreeiatol‘
ot' .‘lt'l will value the ehai‘aeter
sltetehes ot' Itivera upon observing
the initial iii whieh Ile depiets two
.\le\iean priests, olle earryiog git't~
to the peolis and the other reaehillg

out his hands tor the money hugs.

pottery, basket weaving, lilid adroit
oess in llandierat't. .\ Inllidwronght
ueehlaee ot' silver, pilrrbused by Miss
l’eriue ill Hpi'lltling's. t'ashiouable
art shop in 'i‘uxro. proves the expert
skill ot' the native .\lesieaiis in silver

t who

 

wo t'Ii.

Greeks Prepare

For RBSILPerlOd

Formal Parties For Freshmen
Will Be February 6, 7, 8,
Council Announces

Sorority rushing ot' freshman
women this year will continue the
system ot' preferential b i d d i n g

adopted in [933 by the Inter-sorority
eouiieil, aeeording to Marjorie
Adams, ’36, president. The ﬁrst
step will be the mailing ot' rushing
invitations Friday night, January lit,
at (Mill o’eloek. They must be till-
swered by the freshmen iii the return
until.

Sorority rushing will begin with
t'orinal dinners at the sorority houses
on 'l'lilirsday night, Vein-nary ti,
t’i‘olil tiztlt) to littltt o'eloeli. 'l'ea
daiiees on Friday afternoon, l-‘ebrii
ary T. from dual to ;'i:tltt o’eloek,
aiid hreakt‘ast on Saturday morning,
l"ebruar_\' .‘s‘, from ltlzilll to lﬂzittt
o’eloek will eomplete the week-end’s

events. li‘reshmeo may lieeept il|\'i~
tations to one formal dinner, one
tea dauee uiid one breakfast at any

sorority t'i'om whieh they reeeive :i
rush hill. They need not attend one
sorority for all three t‘uiietioils.

Hashing eeases at l'lzﬁllt o’rloek
Saturday afternoon, li‘ebruai'y H,
and from then until the t‘ollowing
\\'edilesda_\' at 3:550 o’eloek there

will be a silent period dilriiig wliieh
no rushing will he allowed. .\t
tl;tlo o‘eloek oII .\londay, l“ebriiar_\'
ill. pi‘et'erenee blanks will he plaeed
iii the mail box for eaeh t‘i'esliioaii
has i'eeeived a rush invitation.
'l'hese must he returned to the ih-ao
ot' Women's otliee by noon ot' the
same day.

liy this system of pret'ei'eiitiai ,bid»
ding, it’ a t'reshmali has derided,
when she reeeires her pret‘erenee

tt'onlinnrl/ on [Nil/4 -/, eollllnn 3)

‘News’ to Continuel
Editorial Classes

The H'i'i'l'l-t t‘ol,l,l~:oic .\‘i-iw's t'llil
elasses tor the seeolld semester will
begin Monday iliid 'I'llesllay, li‘ebru»
ary tt aiill lit, the ﬁrst week ot' the
semester, aeeordiiig to Emma .\.
ltogel's, ’Iiti, news editor. The eolu-
loittee iii eharge ot' the elasses will
eolisist'ot' li‘red llextei', lietty (iood
iiig. llarry titlinaer and Virginia
Ntoel, juniors.

Freshmen, new students, alld
ilpperelassineil who desire to he
eligible for News statl' promotions
in May, but who have ilot attended
eub elasses het'ore, may beeome eli
L'ihle by attending elasses tor the
seeoud semester and looking up pre
violls eluss work to the satist’artion
ot' the eommittee. .\ll members ot'
the til-st semester elnsses who took
the term examinations have been
promoted.

TO ISSUE QUARTERLY

'i'he .\hlmni quarterly will he ready
for distribution Ill-XI .\loildlly. i"ehl'tt-
my ‘3, aeeording to Mrs, I’lertha ltrim
inel', ’tltt, seel'etliry ot' the .\Iumiii
:issoeiation.

 

The 'Milsic Goes ’Roumt'.’
Yes, and Perhaps Ont Too!
ilaye we it blldding tiei'shwiil oI'

lii'l'illl in our midst ‘.’ t‘aii State
ilit'll tllll tleeilltlpiisilt'ii t'lttltluisl'l‘s‘
and mush-ions as well ils et'tieienl

amt intelligent teaehers.l The
answer to these questions may well
liis‘eiost'tt this morning itt .‘is
seliihly when the willie-rs ot' lhl

iit‘

song i'oiitest. :iiluoilneed in the
.\l“\\ >. some weeks ago, are dis
eiosl‘il. The songs, il' :Ill_\' ltl't‘

judged wolthy, will he phleed with
the traditional songs ot' Htltte,llull
snug til the tii'st assembly ot' the
new semester.

.\le our students eapnble ot’ wi'it
ilig a song deserving ot’ a pllleq iii
the eoliege's repertoire ot’ tl'tldi
tioiial rlolnts‘.’ .\nd run they eoin-
pose original times as well as write
original words to older tunes? It
is rumored that several entries
have been reel-bed by the judges,
but does this mean anything?
(‘ome to assembly this morning
and see!

 

 

 

 

Seniors To Oppose
So homores Again
n Debate Contest

At a meeting yesterdl‘iy noon in
loom 2306 of Draper hall, the class
of 1936 passed a motion to continue
to eoinpete ill the Intra-mui'al debate
eoiitest being conducted by the De-
bate eoiineil, agreeing to debate the
elass ot' 1938 again as a preliminary
step.

The elass had received notiee from

the rouneil that: the debate in li‘ri-
day morning’s assembly was de-
elared no eoiitest beeause ot’ the tar-
ties used by the seniors, although
the judges had awarded the deei-
sioii to theln (See story on page It,
eoluinii it). The note uttered the
elllss the alternatives ot' t'ort'eitiiig

the deeisioii alid debating the sopho
mores again, or withdrawing from
the eontest.

.\t'ter spirited argument, the vote
ot' the elass was lit-VI! ill t'avol' ot'
the motion, with the opposition
openly ill t'avoi' ot' aeeeptiilg neither
alternative uttered by the eolliieii.

Mock Interviews

To Be Repeated
On February 6

.\loek interviews will be eolidueted
again this year for those interested
otI 'l‘lnirsday at'ternooii, li'ebi'uai'y ti,
utter a meeting ot' all seniors aiid
graduate students ill room L’ll, Itiehr
ai'dson hall, at 2:250 o’rloek. it will
probably be the tinal meeting ot'
the group as a whole before pluee
ilieiits begin, aeeordiiig to Miss
i'Idiia Lowerree, serretary ot' the .\p
pointnieut iilll't‘ttlt.

The liioek interviews were ﬁrst
iiitrodueed last year alid were re
markably sneeesst'ul. Numerous re
quests this year have resulted in

their being seheduled for the above
date when those interested may ex-
periment with their abilities to
siieeesst‘iilly rope with a priiieipal’s
or superintendent’s qiiei'ils. (iradii
ate students will net as prosper-tire
employers.

Indian To Lecture
Tonight, Tomorrow

Needahbeli (tireat l"i‘ieod), a
l'eiiobseot liidiall ot' (tld 'l‘own,
.\ioiiie, will leetllre at the Albany iii-
stitiite ot' llistory iliid .\rt tonight tll.
H:.’ttl o'eloek alid ltittltll‘l'(t\' afternoon
at. .‘i:ttti o’eloek. Neeilahbell will
speak on the art, eustoins, milsie, and
traditions ot' his tribe.

The lertul'es are presented under
tile anspiees ot' the Women’s ('athe
drill league ot’ Albany. 'l‘lie pi'iee ot'
admission for lldiilts is int eeitls, and
t'or students 3.3 eents.

RECEIVE POSITIONS
'l'wo seniors and one graduate
student have i'eeeived teat-hing posi

tions through the Appoiiitlin-ut
linreau rel-ently, aeeordiiig to Miss
i‘ldini t.o\\erl'ee, serl'etary oi the

ltureali. 'I'hey are Margaret lie
laney, 'Itﬁ, l-loglish lilld di'aniaties at
l'helps; Norbert llilber, ’ilti, eom
lllt'l‘t'l' at I'ittst'ord: and Sarah lludd,
‘Jiti, I‘Ioglish and library at t'astletoii.

Education Courses Are Favorites
With Albany Extension Students

i.<iiti:iliiitt holds till (it
ettlpiilisis III lilt'

eiirrieuhon, with
itleitttled iil llll‘ .\t'ilt‘tillil‘
.\lliltlly. .I‘lll'ﬁt' illt'illtll'
lisyeititiogieni sllld)‘ illy Illtlllit'lll he
haiiol', direeted pnpils' study, edo
rational i‘eseai‘eh problems, and prob
lenis ill testing. ttthel lll
riltiie one earh ill eheniistiy, l‘luglish,
government, ainl inatheioattes. 'I'Iio
ehlsses will be eondiieted as they haye
been previously with Hittti‘ eoliege
prot'essol's as iiistriietors,

.\t .\msterdnni lind Kingston, a
eoiii'se. iii eollege general seienee will
also be altered, and lit .\leehaiiieville,
n eoiumeree eolirse ill world geog-
raphy will be eoiidiieted.

'l‘lie Heheiieetady extension eourses
will iiiehtile English, sorial studies

litisllliitt

i'.\teusion
I' o u r
for
ili

highest
leliehiilg
t’tlll]'\l‘\

it t‘itlll'si‘

eolltM's‘

State’s Quintet
To Mei Hobart

Goewey Feels Squad Will Win;
Freshman Team To Meet ‘
Cobleskill Aggies

Tonight: State’s Purple and Gold
quintet, will be hosts to a visiting
llohart squad on the Page hall court.
The, complete squad will be ready for
action For this game, with no mem~
hers of the squad physically disabled.

("uri'eiitz opinion t'arors State over
the visitors, with the tart that Ilart-
wiek sroi'ed a \‘ietory over them in a
reeeiit game as a blisis for predic-
tions. t'oaeli (ioewey t’eels that with
his squad t'ully reeovered from 11
iigorons three-game sehediile ill the
midst ot‘ traveling ditlieiilties‘ ot' the
past week, they will be well able to
rope with the visiting team.

in the preliminary game, the fresh-
mail quintet will play hosts to the
('ohleskill Aggies.

As the opening game ot’ the post'-
examiiiatioo period, the squad will
journey to l'lattshurgh on Saturday,
i“t'ht'ltttl‘_\' S, where they will meet the
l'Iattsbiirgli State Normal sel.ool
squad. l’lattsbnrgli is a new entrant;
this year on State's sellediile.

House Hostesses
To Sponsor Party

House mothers ot' the organized
group houses on the eainpus will en-
tet'ttlitt the Iaiidladies ot’ all eollcge
students at a party tonight, from
Hitltt to ililltl o'eilu'k, itl tile t‘oin-
ilioils ot’ the Alumni Itesideilee Hall.

The hottseiuothei's ot' sorority
houses, Newman, .\lorelaiid, 'l‘own,
and the ltesideoee hails, will net as
hostesses for the oeensioli. Women at
the head of any house where rollego
students reside during the eollege
term are to he the guests. This he
eludes women employing students in
private homes. hostesses ot’ uiiotlieiul
grolip houses. and the, heads ot' the
men’s group houses. ()thei' guests
are: llr. .\. it. lirilbaeliei', president,
and Mrs. lil‘lllltlt‘ht'l‘: Dr. M, (1. Net-
son, deaii, and Mrs. Nelson; llr.
t'aroiiiie ("i'oasdale, eoliege physieiun;
lir. [‘Ilizabeth .\lorris, professor of
edueation; lh'. .\latie tireen, assistant;
professor ot’ hygiene; and Miss Ruth
.iellst'tl, iilspeetor oi" housing for the
eollege.

Miss lleleii liill'gher, soeiui direetoi'
ot' the liesilleore balls, is general
elmii'maii. lit'l' assistants are Mrs.
llollis, house mother at I‘illsiittll liettt.
l’hi sorority, ill eharge ot' invita-
tions; and Mrs. tiladys liaiid, holiso
mother oi" lteta Zeta sorority. iii
ehai'ge ot’ refreshments.

DISPLAYS MAP

.\ pietoi'iill map ot’ Albany and two
unusual pietiires ot’ the New Itesideuru
hail :tre iiieliided ill Miss |"ay's dis-
plays ot’ the week in the (‘o-op, ’l‘ho
dormitory pietures iiirlitde a view ot’
the buildings amt one ot‘ the Pine
rooln. The sale ot’ these itrtirles is
for the benetit ot’ the Alumni :testu'itt.‘
tioil.

 

:iiid musie llltltlt‘iltllittll, while at

l'roi a t'tlltl‘hl‘ ilt tlielolstl‘y ol- ililtri-

lion and i':|t;,{ii.si| short story will
t‘tllllltlt'lt' lite etll‘l'ii‘llitlltl.
.\t \\'est l‘o\suehie, ll t'tllll"i oil

the psyehoiogy ot' adoleseenee will be

ol'li‘l't'tl.
'I'lose

two hour

all
to

t'\lt'll§lt|ll l'tllll'f‘t'h tll'l‘
rourses, alid are open
all speeial students, eaudidntes t’or
l-ei'titieates, amt ealididlltes for de—
gl‘ees. They are ott'ei'ed primorin
t'oI‘ those illll'l't'h'tt‘tl ilt teltl'iiillg.
Information eoueeriiiiig the roursos
may be obtained t’roin Mr. ll. .\.
ltollell, llit‘eetoi‘ ot’ l‘lxteilsion 'l‘eaeh-
iilg, New York State (‘ollege t'oi'
'l‘em-hers, Albany, 1\. Y. Students
interested in u pnrtieuhtr eaul‘so
slitllllti appear for registration tlt the
tirst meeting ot‘ that course.

 

