 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 9, 1936

 

' State College News

, Establlllied by the Clue of 1918
Tile undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

Publlshed every Frlday of the college year by the ans
Board representing the student Assoclatlon

Telephones: omce. 5-9373; Gumaer, 2-0424; Dexter,
2-4314; Seld, 2-9701; Gaylord, 2-4314

Entered as second class matter in llre Albany, N. Y., panama

 

THE NEWS BOARD .

Essay T. Gonna....................Editor-m-0hwf
Faun E. anrna....................Managing Editor
WARREN 1. Dansuoaa. .....Assooiate Managing Editor
DAVID B. SMITH. . . . . . . . . . .Assooiale Managing Editor
Sarina WOLZOK. . . . . . . . ...Asaooiate Managing Editor
Laonrra SELD.....................Buainess Manager
Cannons W. Garmnn...........Adoerlising Manager
lenan E. Nion'rinaALn.........Circulation Manager

 

CHARLES N. Monnrs...................Sports Editor
Hanan CLYDE.................l70men’s Sports Editor

 

anrsn av Born Parnrmo 00., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

The Library Committee’s Report

The library committee of the college made
public last week a report which gave serious
question to the actual loyalty of State college
students to their school.

A large number of books have been disappear-
ing from the shelves of the Hawley library, the
actual ﬁgure being so large that its publication
would reﬂect seriously on a college of future
teachers.

A. drive for the return of “lifted” (it sounds
better than stolen) books was conducted last
spring. Pains were taken to make the point
that the return of books and not the penalizing
of offenders was the purpose of the campaign.
The small number of books returned voluntarily
is another indication of the seriousness of the
whole problem.

The cost of the missing books and the loss of
certain important volumes alone are enough of
a blow to the college. The larger question is
this—if one cannot be loyal to an institution
which is serving him, will he be loyal enough
to serve future generations in the teaching
profession?

Let’s cooperate with the library. Or shall it
be said we have turned our Alma Mater into a
den of thieves?

The Captain’s Garden Party

Statc college expresses its hcarticst thanks to
William John Walker, citizen ol' Albany, who
opened his home to seniors, graduate students,
and faculty at last Saturday 's garden party.

Captain Walker, inlcrcslcd in State because
his mother was a mcmbcr ol’ lhc chlss of ‘71.,
claims to bc a son ol' Htutc on his own mcrit,
having nttcndcd its practice school "until the
age of ten.” in his secondary cducntion he
claims his School “couldu 't lcach him anything."
We feel, however, from our ucrpuiinlmmc, that
the Captain has a great dcul to tcach State
college, and we shall look forward to mccling
him many a limo again.

Every guest wilh whom we have comc in con-
tllct felt the uniqucncss ol' thc spirit ol' l'hc (‘np—
iairl’s gnrdcn par-ly. ’l‘hc spacious homc and
gnrdcn, the (icrmnu sludcul caps, the infor-
mality ol’ the group singing, and lhc host’s pcr-
sonulity will stand out as l'uclors in a unique
and pleasant experience for lhoso who nttcudcd.
And the l'cllowship spirit of tho party carried
over into lhc duncc collllllclcll nl'lcr il in the
(iommons.

The class ol' 1937 will rcluclnbcr ihc. pnrly
as the largest voluntary gathering ol‘ ils Inclu-
bcl's on record. The scuiors upprcciulcd lbc
opportunity ol’ luccling lhr gruduulc sludculs as
u group. l’crhups out ol' the party may come
a dcuuunl for social orgauimllion ol' lhc gruduutc
studcnls, somclhiug which Hlnlc bus mosl ol'lcn
been without.

(‘uplain Walker has proer himscll’ a loyal
ululunus ol’ Stale collcgc, by his gcuuiuc iulcrcsl,
in its sludcnls, if not by virluc ol’ its collcgc
(lcgrcc,

 

The Cemmentstater

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Battle Front for Peace

We commentstate ourselves from ancient times right
up into the battle for peace. Next week’s discussions
on international relations bring to mind a few of the
big pence stories of State’s last dozen years.

In 1925 the student association voted, after debate,
to go on record as favoring the United States’ entrance
into the world court, 652—40. Two members of Mys-
kania were named delegates to a national intercollegiate
world court conference at Princeton university.

In December, 1932, the NEWS featured a. poll story on
who would go to war and who wouldn’t, “just in case.”
Said the paper: “One-fourth of the men of State col-
lege and eighteen women would volunteer for active
service if the United States suddenly became engaged
in foreign war.”

The poll was conducted by the Y.W.C.A. in connection
with a larger survey of colleges in New York state
to ascertain student sentiment on war. Reasons given
on State ballots for aversion to taking up arms in case
of foreign war included religious conviction, conscience,
and the realization of the awful waste of war. People
stated under what conditions they would aid in inter-
national conflict—only if drafted, only as n. lion-corn-
batant, only if sincere attempts at arbitration had
failed, and so on.

0 § * l- } I

But the poll story doesn't stop there. A local paper
featured the story with red expletivcs, proceeded to
call the future teachers communists, and urged that
something be done about it. They took a picture of
live lenders among men at State and headlined it to
tho elfcct that these five 100 per cent Americans would
fight. Four of the live explained to their friends later
that they were in the photo because they wanted their
picture taken.

When scnrc journalism had done its dead, the college
lulmiuistrution had carefully to explain to the public
that State students were interested in peace, not
Moscow.

Last year’s peace boom was milder. The Veterans of
Future Wars and groups that followed their lead
laughed their way toward peace.

The year of our Lord 1936 secs n. campaign akin to
that of 1925, in that discussion and careful considera-
tion are the order of the day. State college will be
honored to consider world problems with Arnold Forster,
a man of line tradition in education, literature and
international ull'nirs.

i l i it I' i

Another point on peace is also the order of the day.
it dculs with pcncc at State college, and we are not
bcing incctious.

With thc coming of regular business lucctings for the
student nssocintion, let’s remember that the association
is not it debuting society bllt it place to considcr collcgc
problems. Let us not therefore introduce legislation or
outer into dcbntc just for the sake of argument. nor
quibble ovcr tho linc points of parliamentary procedure.
When discussion is done, ict’s vote, and when business
is done. let’s ndjoul'll.

 

Cover To Cover

William Walker Fete
Features Novelties

State college seniors, graduate
students and faculty members
were the guests of Mr. William
John Walker and his daughter,
Miss Janet Walker, in a garden
party at their home at 423 State
St. last Saturday night.

Upon arriving at the. door all
comers were given party hats to
add color to the festivities.

The program, conducted in
Mr. Walker’s spacious garden,
was opened with an address by
the host after which Eloise
Shearer, ’37, led the group in
songs. Refreshments of coffee
and doughnuts were served.

After the party, many of the
guests returned to the Conn
mons of I'luwley hall where (lunc-
ing was conducted.

Assisting the Walkers with the

party arrangements were Miss
Helen I-l. Morclnnd, Dean of
Women, and John Dcno and

E loisc Shearer, sen iors.

 

 

 

Statesman

 

 

 

 

 

“Inside Europe", by John (luuthcr. llurpcrs
llrothcrs, .\'cw York.

.-\ trip through l‘illl‘opc on tllc " iusidc of thc coil-
lllsiiig iul'oruultiou thut comcs out ol' .1 ucws ccusorcd

contincnl. is lhc lrcnt .lohn (innlbcr givcs us in his

n

llc\\' llllllk.

" Mussolini is built Iikc u slccl spring. Htuliu is u
rock ol' slccpy gruuilc, uud llillcr, u blot ol'
plusul". Hllch l'lll'l' ligurcs ol' spccch pcppcl‘ lln- spicy
comparisons of l‘illl‘opcllll stnlcsmcu. .\s to their
lnuguctislu. "ussociulcs worship llillcr. l'cnl' Mllssolini.

cclw

uud rcspccl Slulill ".

llitlor, "u lllllll ol' instincl.
rcuson  buscs his ulllhorily on lhc " imiulcl‘ I'I'inciplc "
"ohcdicncc from lbc bottom up". 'l'hc
nnlbor l‘ormidublc, bul. rcully siruplc plu'usc.
"lhc psychopulhology ol' diclntors“ which illclllllcs
chicliy u hunmn uuulysis ol' the "puuuchy, l‘hurlic
('huplin-musluchcd mun, givcn lo insomuiu uud
cruoliouulislu "

.\l, inst lhc world cuu lind u lruo piclurc ol' thc
notorious ilcichslug lll'c uud inl'umous "blood purgi-
oi Juno Ill)”.

'l‘hc sojourn in ltuly rcsulls iu criticism ol' Mussolini.
" ills cul'ccr is lhul ol' thc most l'ol‘luidublc colnbiuuliou
ol' llu'ucoul. rnllinu, nlld mun oi gcnius in modcrn his-
lory". Wlml lhc history boolu will his "march on
liulllc" look plncc in n lruiu. It is onc oi history's
pnl'ndoxr-s linIl in lull! in u snl'cuslic \‘ciu .\Illssollui
should cxcluim, " lumgiuc on Holy in which lhlrlysix
million should all 'hink lhc snmc, us though thciI‘
bruins \vcrc Iondc in nu idcnlicul mold uud you would
how u lllllllllllll'll', ol‘ rulbcr u klugdolu ol' ullcr borc

pussiou. ol' nol of
which lll'lllllllll‘
coins u

dom ol' imbccih-s ".

l'iugluud‘w I'Edcn, "lypicul of tho gculry”, “ lluuubc
lllncs" uud lhc lrngic slol‘y ol' lloll‘uss, ".\|illllllcllol‘-
uich ". uud lhc l.upc~cu comcdy, nu ulmciu'ouism ol‘ lhc
ugc of lbc Louis', pl'cscl'vc lhc currcul unccdolcs uud
\icwpoinls ol' contcmporury huppcuiugs. This is lhc
muiu vuhn- ol' “ inside l‘illl‘opc", lull. much ol' tho do
luilcd lunlcrinl uud ohscurc l'ol'cigu uulncs will only
coul'usc uud ll'l'ilulc lhc l‘crllil'l' ol' lllc future.

 

 

Now that informal hcllenic scram-
bles nrc history . . you tell the
dirt; we don’t care to . . . How did
you like the garden party? . . .
We're not a senior either, but we
went in disguise—4n dusguise but

How times have changed . . .
lt’s shenrcr nonsense to insist that
Jack can be Papa Dcuo t'or cbcr

. Yet when the hog-knrling time
came round, this year’s purcnt took
the songs to a new low . . . Not in
pitch, cithcr . . . Then we danced in
the commons . . Ralph wus sing‘
ing a dill‘crcnt lullaby, and it wasn’t
rockow bye bnby . . . As hc drowned,
hc murmured, “Don’t rousc mc or
you’ll rutb the day van I horn in
on you” . . . I'lxcusc the puns, but
Inorris to come . . . (Z'barlic ussumcd
u very sage expression us he listened
lo the russcling ol’ lbc grccn drcss
the grad sludcnt wore . . . \\'c under-
slnnd tbui she was tardy for the
Monday noon dulc bccnusc corn-
ulou(s) :lciivilics nrc ncwl, to hcr

Docs unyonc know lvuu .\ul'u|-
ilch'.’ ’l.‘hc Dircclory board is wor-
ricd liig wcck-cnd nbcud . . .
in fact it should bc a grud wcck-
cud , . . l"irsl vic purlics, too, Kl)“,
l’hi llclt, ccps, ('ollcgc housc
\\'c'll list lhc ucw cornbinulions ncxt
lilnc . . . \\'c l'ouud lhc bcsl linc ol'
lhc wcck Why do wc duncc

wilh uppcrclzlss girls? liccnusc wc

 

State’s Stage

Elementary Takes a Walk.
Advanced Premiere.
Free for All.

 

 

 

lhiuk lhcy’rc smoolh How do
you likc our liuc‘.‘ . . . \Vc likcs lhcir

lilo-s . . . 'l'bc .\'I-:\\'s bus a cul now
lo rivnl lhc junior guidcs . . . .\':I:uc
ii and lbcy'll lot you huvc ll

l'p on gun“ lhcy cull lhcir's liunnnn
il’s lhc kup .
.\ud linully, il's dilildc lronldc l‘or
ilogcl‘ Ilo\\'.

'l'lll'l .\l.\.\' 01" N'l'.\'l‘l-I

lvccnusc gnlnnm

 

 

“Walk, Jenny, Walk "—thus the
fifty members of the Elementary
Drumutics class begin to display
tulcnts toward acting. With vague
thoughts of “Melodrama—today and
yesterday ” in their minds they have
started to mimic walks of various
characters, and later will continue
with more detailed pantomimes.

Several members of the elementary
group are taking lessons in make-up
from the Advanced class, now pro-
moted from straight to character
make-ups.

Try-outs for thc one-act plays are
well under way. The ﬁrst two plays
of the season, under the direction of
Betty Appeldoorn and Hester Price,
juniors. will be presented on Octo-
ber 20.

Miss Appcldoorn's play is a mys-
tery thriller. The cast includcs:
Irwin Stinger, Thomas Kelly, and
John Edwards, seniors; Paul Ditt-
man, and Herbert Drooa, juniors; and
Kenneth Down, ’38.

Miss l'ricc will stage a comedy.
The cast will be: liar Arthur and
Janice Nicrmun, juniors; Jack Nor-
dcll and Ray Walters, sophomores;
and Eleanor Dibble and Robert Cog-
gcr, frcslnncn.

Lust ycnr two hundred and fifty
dollars was addcd to the Drnrnntics
and Art association budget to inch
the expenses of lhcsc plays. Since
the student tux supports this fund,
all pcrsons attending the plays
without a student tax ticket will pay
lcn ccnts at lhc door of ’ngc hall

auditorium.
’l‘hc mcmbcrs of this year’s Ad-
vanccd class are: Anne Rand and

Thomas l\'clly, seniors; Betty Appel-
doorn, Lucille ("lnrkc, Marjorie Grist.
lictty llunicls, .lnnct llibblc, l’aul
llittmnn, Dorothy llnucr, Charlotte

I.ibunln. .lcnu Lichtenstein, ll‘lorcncc
Nclbnch, .lnnicc Xicl'luuu, llcstcr
l’ricc, l"lol'cl|cc liiugrosc, linth

Silurick. Sully Win-Inn, urnl It‘lorcncc
Zubrcs, juniors. Miss l’ricc was
clcctcd to tho oilicc, of lllistl'css oi the
wnrdrobc. uud Mr. Dittnnin is tran-
urcr of the class.

Menorah Has Meeting

Mcnoruh conducch its initial mcct-
iug 'l'hnrsdny, ()clobcr lirsl, with
scvcnly livc studculs :lllcudiug. Plans
for lhc ycnr wcrc l'orumlnlcd, and u
progrnlu columiltcc ol' lhc following
pcoplc was :Ippoinlcd: Li I l in n
Hhupil‘o, ’IlT, liosc licl'kowllz, llcr~
bcrt lll'noz, l'crcy |"orumn, uud Al‘—

lcuc Hiulon, juniors, und chltu
llynuln, "ill,

.\I lhc uch incl-ling on Uclobcr
_"_’, lln- chunccllor ol' lllc Inlcrcol-

lcginll' .\lcuornh, llcnry Ilurwilz, is

cxpcclcd lo slll'Hli.

Federal Governme-ntil’l/ill Aid, h
162 State Students This Year

\o lbnl uud
sludcnls who bnvl- ln-cn shndoucd in

collcgc univcrsilv .

l

lbc slit-cllc ol' dcprcssinn Inn) con

i
.
linuc lhcll' highcl‘ cIlIlcnlion, lln-l
.\':|Iionul Youlb .\dulini~ll'ullou ol’
lbc l'cdcrnl gmcrumcul lhis I\I'i'll' nil] I

lilsll'ilullc :llluosl si\ million dol

lzirs Hmong lhc collcgiuus ol' lhc is
slulcs.
llcnn llclcu ll. .\lorclnnd is l'oculli

.lil‘cclor ol' lbc Inmcun-ul :il

collcgc llssislcd by Mr. .\dnm \\':I|kcr.
|vl'ol'cssol' ol' l'icouoluics and No
ciology. uud Miss I'Idllh How Will
lill‘l', ll~ﬁihlillll pl'nl'lwsol‘ ol' i..'l|lll.

John is sludcnl dircclol'.
'l'hc «pioln ol' jobs IIIlIlll' illls ycn-

jll'l‘ cclll ol' lilc lolsll

som- ‘
l)l'l]ll_ ’37, ﬂ

is lirlsi'll HII i'J

uumbcr ol' rcsidcul sludcnls cnroilcl i‘
in lbc inslilllllon us ol' lll'lllln'r
i'.l.'l~|. Hilllc I'ollcgc l'ccclnd

llll'lll‘l l'ol' IliL‘ sludculu. 'I'llc

luillcc bus rccciwd luo hundrcl
uppliculions, llnl) lbosc ~.lll«|c-|l~
who can slum lhc nlisolnlc nccd for
Ibis usslslnucc lo l'l'llIJIlll lll whion

ul'c lllllllllll‘ll lo l'l‘I‘l'lH' posllions

l
l

'I'hc l'ucully commillcc bus ool‘lo-d

. lo consillcl'

diligcully c\cI'_\' day in .‘lll
:ill

lnosl

:lllclnpl

:ippliculions uud

sclccl lhosc Ilcsl'l'l'illg ol' :llli.

'l'hc ,\'.Y..\. oliii'c is How llll'illl'll ill

roolll Illf, opposllc lhc l'cglsllnl‘hﬁ
olhcc on lbc lirsl lloor ol' llrnpcr
bull.

in l‘cccH'c .‘Ill nllolulcnl nu iusli

lnlion must ln- non prolil lunkiug uud
lax cxcmpl. ’l‘hc collcgc cuch moulb
I‘cccixcs l'uuds clpiul lo lhc unmbcr
ol' lllosc cligildc mulliplicd by lil'lccn

dollnls. 'l'hc work donc Inusl bc
prnclicul, uscl'ul, uud uociul. ll.
should lil lhc ubilil_\ 'lllli inlcrcsl ol'
lbc sludcul. lil';(lll:ll' classroom ill
>lrucliou uud work prmldcd l'or ill
lbc collcgc budgcl urc cxI'lullcd.

.\ l'ccclll lllllllllllll'l'llll'lll ol' Ill-pIIlV
,\'.v..\. illl'l'clul' h'ichol'd brown in?
vculcd lbnl $.’i,llfi7,li:lo would hc
spcnl oll rcgnlur InnlcrgrndImlc and
gruduulc licncllls, lull llnll ibis
would lrc supplculculcd \\ilil :l l'llud

ol +»I>‘.!ll,l.'l.‘i l'ol dislribulion lo slo
ill nls llI lhc ‘Jll drougbl riddcn slulcs
ol Ihc soulb uud middlc \vcsl.

