 

 

t

STATE ,ooLLEGE news, OCTOBER 2,1936

 

State College News

The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

 

Published every Friday, of the college year by the News
Board representing the Student Association *

¥Teiephones: omce. 5-9373: Gumaer, 201%; Dexter,
2-4314; Seld, 2-9701; Gaylord, 2-4314

Entered a: second chm matter in the Albany, N. Y., pauoﬁica

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Essay T. GUMAER. . ..................Edttor—tn-0hief
FEED E. sz'rEn. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . .Managing Editor
WARREN 1. DENSMORE....;.Assooiate Managing Editor
stm B. SMITH. .,.........Aasooiate Managing Editor
80mins WOLZOK. . . . . . . . ...Associate Managing Editor
LAURI'PA SELD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Ilusincss Manager
CHARLES W. GAYLonn...........Adoertising Manager
MILDRED E. NiollTlNOALE.........Clrculati0n Manager

 

OnAnLEs N. Moan:s........... . . . . . . ..Sports Editor
HELEN CLYDE. . . . .............Women’s Sports Editor

 

PRINTED BY Born PRINTING 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Thoughts on Arriving at the Age

of Twenty Years
" Before I know it myself, you sometimes tell me what
I am thinking or doing. Your suggestions are always
welcome and I try as a rule to live up to your expecta-
tions."—Dean Anna E. Pierce to the NEWS, ten years ago
this Week.

We shall take “Dean Annie ’5” statement as
a compliment. We shall endeavor to carry on
the tradition of our journalistic fathers, who
prided themselves on the ability to make news
where there was as yet none.

The NEWS was founded to unify the spirit of
all the student activities at State college. “To
make each faction of our student organization
know and appreciate all others, . . . to work
for cooperation among all sections and for the
solidiﬁcation of the now separately wasted
energies in the promotion of a real, distinct,
enthusiastic loyalty to State college . ” was
the purpose of the paper as stated in its ﬁrst
editorial.

The 1936—37 board pledges itself to the ful-
ﬁllmcnt of this goal in this our day. It pledges
further a continually more adequate news cover-
age, and the maintenance of an editorial policy
that is progressive and yet keeps deliberately
near the middle of the road. it thanks the
administration, the other student organizations
at State, and the student body as a whole for
cooperation in making the ans a publication
worthy of the college.

The reason we printed Dean Annie's state-
ment at the top of this column was this. Some-
times we do have to make up ncws. Sometimes
a lack of vital news has caused the News to be
labelled a more bulletin board of unilouncc-
ments. Often it is our fault for dcluy in St.-
curing vital infornuition; and again it: is the
fault of the organization which has news for
its delay in supplyng us with oliiciul informa-
tion. We shall endeavor to corrcct this fault.

The NEW editorial policy has been of the
same modcrutc mcttlc for these twenty ycnrs.
Individual policies have been utluckcd us too
biased or too conservative, yct cuch of thch
policics wns determined only after thoughtful
consultation in regard to all the factors involvcd
in the situation. At. all timcs thc cditorinl policy
of thc. Nicws will be tcmpcrcd with studcnt
opinion, Htatc’s traditions, and thc goul of thc
bcst policy for the whole school.

“The NEWS,” said Editor Vaulilccck in lllBti,
“has made a place for itself in thc bio of Hlnlc
collcgc, n place which happily sccms to how
grown lurgcr us thc ycnrs hurc paw-d." l“ol‘
this growth wc rccognixc our dcbt In our
prmlcccssors. u dcbt which wc shall pay by tho
way wc run the NEWS. And for crowtb in all
studcnt affairs at Hlutc, wc acknowlme today
the sludcnt ussi’neiution’s dcbl lo l’rcsidcnl liru»
buchcr and Association 'l‘rcusurcr llidlcy, 'l‘hcir
guidance has bccn indispcnsuhlc to thc cwtnblish
merit of State’s student govcrnmmt,

Wc dcdlcute the twentieth inniircrsury ans
to thc past and the future of thc l’urplc uud
illc lilold.

 

The Commentstater

 

 

 

We draw, in our ﬁrst effort to commentstate, on the
history of education. Credit the research work of Dr.
William M. French, who conunentstated in these columns
back in ’29.

Starting in at the beginning, we draw the con-
clusion that the teachers of today are well paid. Dr.
David Perkins Page, first principal of the Albany
Normal school, new State college, received a $1500
initial salary. And then some one in the state assembly
protested the enormous alury.

The first graduating classes of teachers had a pretty
solid background. Said Dr. Page in his 1846 report:
“Of nearly all the thirty-four graduates who have
gone forth from the school, it may be allirmcd that
their educational fabric is granite from the base to
the topstonc. And those who occupy the seats during
the present term are busily engaged in quarrying,
polishing, and laying the some solid material.” r1‘hus
was ushered in the chiseling tradition.

at if I it

In 1850 the Albany Normal school got a new build-
ing. “Its situation upon a corner lot, affording sepa.
rate cntrnncos for the sexes is found to be a. great
advantage, for while the male and female pupils are
instructed together, they never meet except in the
recitation and study rooms, when they are under con-
stant supervision of the teachers.” Now we have
sovcntccn doors. (Thirty-four it' they would swing
both ways.)

People have been trying to get to classes on time
for almost a hundred years now. Said the annual
report of 1846: “Each study room has a clock which
is indispensable wherever punctuality is so much in—
sisted on as in the normal school.”

They used to give everybody who went here an
allowance. Men were given $1.00 a week, women $1.25,
to help pay their way through college. The amount
was reduced to a. dollar regardless of sex in the
course of years, then to seventy-live cents. The state
paid transportation to and from Albany. And now
the troopers are conducting a concerted drive against

hitch-hikers.
* 'K * it

We saved the best until
Page regretfully in 1852: “I am sorry to say that
since the first organization of this institution our
executive committee have deemed it necessary to expel
three mule pupils and two female pupils. Of the male
pupils, one was expelled for noisy and indccorous con-
duct at his boarding place, and for indulging in
spirituous liquors; one for pussng it counterfeit coin;
and the other for persistng in breaking a rule of
the institution which prohibits the gentlemen of the
school from culling upon the young ladies of the
same, after (3:00 p.111. The two female pupils were
both cxpcllcd for theft; they having been detected in
purloining small articles of dress, etc., from their
schoolmates. ”

But then, this is l.936—-thc old ordcr chuugeth—you
know.

From the some report: “'l‘hc committee also dis-
missed ouc Indian pupil for drawing a knife in a
(|llili'l't.‘l with another pupil.” Nowadays we light only
over freshmen and use subtlcr methods.

the last. Reported Dr.

 

BookvEnds

 

 

 

(On sale in the ('o-op)
A Place in the Country, by llwight ll'ni'uhum. Funk
and \\'u,«.:nulls (‘onipnuy. New York, ilJSitl. L’Tl pugcs.
lluvc you cwr uttcniptcd to bury it rock [but thrcut-

cncd to disrupt the symmctry of your gurdcu‘t ('uu
you successfully rid yourself of undesirable birds,

bcnsts, ulul othcr tcnnuts, including the bumnu'! Do
you know how to mukc wild rhcrry brandy"! (on you
tuuc n wulcri'nll‘.’ Do you curc to Il'ul'il thc ricl'l't'l, of
attaining u grccn old ugc‘.’

[he answers to oil ihcsc pcrplcxlug und rcully \‘llitl

durations urc to bc found in llwight, l"nl‘ulmm's dc~
lightinl book, ".\ I’lncc in thc (‘ountr_\'." lu t'ncl,

lll' lll'l' il||h\\l‘|'h,

l|u~

whctbcr not you iutcrcslcd in thc
you will ncvcrthclcm cujoy thc iul'ol'mulity ol'
author.

it huppcncd this way. Mr. l'vlll'iilllllll und 'l‘oodlcs,
his wit'c, dccidcd ummimously that thc limo bud comc
to own no cslnlc iu lhc country. No! that lhcy cullcd
ii on t'nllllt‘; [ho hum which thcy originally pluuncd
si.\ lllUil‘iIiItl 'l'lml,
lhcy l'llllt'll thcir ‘i'ill‘l'll by purl-busing (ulul moriqu
lug) lirc noodlund. couluiuiun ouc urti~l'~
Hilltili), and our pit'llll't'mllli' but dilupidutcd udlt' ml

to sprint was it ililult‘nl dollars.

ill'i'i'a (ti

lncc. lo sny boiling ol' hllt'li ilt'lllo us lwo imuu-uw ‘

 

cliiclwu boost-s. n bnbblinu brook, ulul u "llllhw ,uioun l

pig pcu uilh u \icw" \\n.~ duc lul'pcly to thc l'\lll'll
umrbiuntious of :1 Lady lit-tilll'l'sn.

The book is ncithcr ("wily no: non-l. liclion nor non-
ill'liuii; us a lilt‘t‘l' ol' Iilci'ulul‘c it in plcunuully
anomalous. lu muny \‘uti‘\r~ licvci'ly
Nichol-U “ llowu illl‘ llul'dcu l‘utb ". it has n l'i‘cxhncm
nod incl-unity ot' slylc. on illlt'l'\\|!ll\'ill,u of practical
luc| and amusing incidcnt, which lhc wholo
dcliglitl‘ul to cvcry rondcr, bc hc uuuitcui‘ gnrdcncr or
l-i'ossword [ill/.IJt,‘ cnthusiust.

I'i‘lllllllhl'i'lll oi

lllllly'l'ri

News Has More Men
Than Wanton Editors

Nine women and thirteen
men have occupied the position
of editor—in-chict‘ of the STATE
COLLEGE NEws. All the edi-
tors lutve been seniors except
the first, Alfred Dedicke, ’18,
who was a junior when he occu-
pied the position. In 1934—35
Dan Van Leuvan and Ruth Wil-
liams were the only co-editors-
in-chiof in the NEWS history.

The cditors-in-cbief are: Al-
fred E. Dedicke, ’18, Kathryn

Cole; ’18, Donald M. Lower,
"incth P. Holbcn, ’20,

iii "aid Bruce, ’21, Louise

1). “c. -v., ’22, Robert Muc-
Farlunc 3, Dorothy V. Bennit,

’24, Kathleen E. Furman, ’25,
Harry S. Godfrey, ’26, Edwin
Van check, ’27, Virginia llig-
gins, ’28, William M. French,
’29, Louis J. Wolncr, ’30, Netti!
Miller, ’31, George P. Rice, ’32,
Alviun R. Lewis, ’33, Marion C.
Howard, ’34, Dan Van Lcuvnn,
’35, Ruth Williams, ’35, Karl
i). libcrs, ’30, Harry 'l‘. t'lunmcr,
’37.

 

The Statesman

 

 

 

Post-Activities day ptmdorings

. . . When the cat’s away, the mice
will play—but the cats were all in
town and the mice played with them
. Loyal alumni! They lead us

. . 'l‘bc frosh signed

a mcury chase .
up for cvcrythlug—including Mys-
knnia and the Dean’s list . . . Tea
dance was the scene of much rush-
ing about—in more ways than one
. . . Nice bonllrc, Jimmie . . . The
snnkc dance was quite rough—do
you have to backer arm in two to
make an impression on that dark-
bnircd frcslunun'!

Bandages seem to be plentiful,
yet they don ’t sccm to be mar(i)on
the popularity of some members of
the class of ’40 . . . maybe it’s 11.
publicity stunt Speaking of
stunts, Fred claims that the clocks
wurcn’t the only things that received
set-backs on Saturday night
llclcn damnation, hc swcurs. Sonic
senior Women can ccrtainly say
“(.lownn” . . . We are told that three
thoughtful ’Jl7crs stocl away from
the bonliro and rum! down to Ken-
dricks to ponder on the lmshl’ulncss
of t'rcsluncn mcn. What clsu did
they do? Problem-of»!hc-wcck-club:
llow muny first scmcstcr icuchcrs
stuggcrcd up on tho wntcr-wagon on
Sunday night? You’ll hnvc to be
quite dcxtcrous count thcm ull
. . . We dcuo how long thcy’ll stay
lhcrc, but their vows du
in) mont to something at prcscnt.
'l'hcy ulso tcll us that thc tori'cn(t)s
won ’i ln' rclcnscd uguin uutil l"cb-
ruul'y; U, mi(k) gosh. wind :1
t'nminc . . . and now that that iirst
day of ,iudgmcut u! thc hand of thc
Milncilcs which occusioncd much
trcmbling ot' kuccs nnd nwullowing
ol' lumps is orcr, lhc ucxi sport will
lin- tubulutiou on tho activitics
I'oolu board of [hr 305 shoppng days
until prnclirc touching is ovcr .

lo

Htil’lll

lul

ln phrasing, wc wondcr whnl wus

 

Communication

News assumes no responsi‘
built”;3 for communications printed in
this column. All communications
must bear the signature of the
author which will be withheld upon
request.

 

 

 

Meet Your Dance Partners
In the Commons
To run Enrroa:

After any student at State col-
lege has tried to get through the
mob which lines up each day after
the twelve o’clock bell for the daily
exercise in the Commons, he should
realize the impractibility of such an
arrangement.

The girls who are battling their
way into their locker room are de-
cidedly handicapped. Anyone, who
should desire to pass the space in
the hall at the mailbox could not do
so. Anyone who wishes to get out
the back door to go to lunch has to
light his way to the open air.

Probably some of this congestion
is caused by the social bodies who
desire to stop to chat with a friend.
llowcvcr, most of the trouble comes
from those who are waiting for
dance dates. There seems to me no
reason why these people could not
arrange to meet in the Commons
since they will eventually end up
there. Freshmen women would ,just
us soon be rushed after they reach
the Commons.

Because I know that this same
congestion problem has existed for
a number of years, I feel that it’s
about time that State college took
the matter seriously and tried to
eliminate the physical discomforts
of being torn apart by the mail-box
gnthcrers as well as abolishing the
danger of a fire hazard.

I am asking you to publish this
letter and to use the inﬂuence of
your publication to help right this
annoyance.

Sincerely yours,
A Junior.

 

Grecian G-ambles

 

 

 

tho mullcr with .\li|lic’s knccs on
Hutul'duy uighl ("ould it how
illlti nny councclion with that pur I
loiucl' ol' colupncls who still insislsi
it didn't umouut lo Nolliug...lli|ls
is griliug Inoluu morc provokcd usi
llogi-r trim to ulultc tuui'y. (licuil i
this Imlli \\'li_\'H.) i
".\ud 'luns I'rotn l'bi lli'llu's’
llirllnluy pnrty" ncw tillc of ill
lllNli\ by tho slcullhy sl\ :1in lIch-u 1
Tim St'ii'llt't‘ Ill. llll‘ limos V
.\lcilr:|\\ bouncng bnlls I'iom Ilurcc
storics up in Milnc.
.\ud how no from tho lust mud
\‘t'i'ililillli' bcl'orc l'rcc for H“ numbing ‘

t'llll‘i nod lhc dirty work bcgius . . . .

.ntrrsorority lcu l'nllcn “whoa

, t'ol‘li l't'll lll'i'h'll

. lii‘olit'li loos . .

llll'll \opliisliculcd Hol'ors l'iom ,
Wont l'l'litt’c lllt‘li.~\lllt' swch
onilcs t'or Ihc i'I'cslum-u dirty looks
for oil olhcrs. We'll bc pct-ping ‘
lhrough lhc \\‘lllllo\\ at you, gil'lﬁ'i

’l‘lll'l :\l.\N til“ H’l‘d'l‘l‘l

f Iosl Huturduy.

Ilcllo! ’l'hc (lrccks have been al-
most too busy to inform us of news,
what with freshmen, rushing, rush-
ing, and frcsluneu!

Hut a few things have bccn hap<
pcning. For one thing l’si tiumma
cntcrtnined Annnbcllc Mollonncll,
’3], and Jayne llucklcy, ’30.

And llunnuh Frost found herself
u wclcomc gin-st of Alpha Epsilon
Phi.

Kappa llcllu informs us
murringc of Marion Lloyd,
liobcrt liobinsou, ’34. A 1'} Phi un-
uounccs the cugugcmcnt of Hum
llrundcs, ’34, to lrving llundlcmun,
u grmluntc of l'nion t‘ollcgc.

Memorial services for the Into
l'llcunor llusclmus, ’37, wcrc hcld
ul. lhc A 1‘} Mil house. Mcmbcrs
nnd honorary nllnuunc nttcndcd.

\\'cdding bolls run}," in Sigma
.-\|phn which unuounccs thc moi-lingo
of Mildrrd Yollugs, ’ii-i, lo liuls‘l‘y
('ook Dickinson on July -l.

.-\l l’hi launbdu, lhc mnrringc ol’
llurricl l'l. ('oullcr, ’37, lo l.n\\'rcncc
llupgood wus nnnounccd. lucidcir
lully, l’hi Lumb-lu is now nl boulc
nt Hﬂ-l .\lyrilc .v\\'cnuc.

\\'t't'lil'illl .‘ll l'lli
'l'hclu Knnc, \'c!':l
IIt'I's. l'nlkovic, nud
ull Incinbcrs
’l'bc l‘hi Sign
wnd word of tho Inul'ringc ot' .-\uuo
Mull'ord. '20, to John .\I. litll‘l’luilll,
.|r., ot’ .\lb:iny.

l’bi llclln brings thc lulul uumln-r
:i' muri'iug‘I-s ol' Ihc urcli up in
si\, by unnouuciuv lhc :  H' ’
Morgan-l l.o\\i‘_\,;‘ I'H'th‘ M

of tho
’34, to

gucsts
liiln
\\'ilbc||ncnn
Kathryn .\lct‘orumck,
ot’ lust ycur's clnss.

Higunt

worn Nbiir

,. .
.i.i, ll) I‘lul‘l'i'sl

, Wcal. :I gruduntc of (Milo \\'cslcynn,
and thc tunrringc ol’ tlcilIudc l\'ut'

 

t'oul, '.l . to John bomb-rs of Win
‘ ton llrighls.

'l‘luil's :ill for this work. \Vc'll
‘ lot you know Inoi'c ul'lcr lhc smokc
ol‘ lulcl'soi'oril‘ 'l‘cu blows owl".

Visits ‘Co-op'

\lI'. ('bristophcl' .\loi'lc\', \\‘c||

, liuouu uulhor, \‘inilml nl l|.e (‘oop

Mr. .\lor|cy was in
\lbuny to dcdlcnlc tho ncw John
Nlistllvlm- Hook Hhop ill. 25 Dow
Hli'w'l.

