 

 

Y Page 2‘

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 24, 1936

 

State College News
Established by the Class of 1918

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
. ’ College for Teachers '

THE: NEWS BOARD
Kant. D. Enna.......................Editor-ln-0Mef
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Em“ A. Boone.......................News Editor
' Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2-8206

GLINN M. Useless. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Associate Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

hm anrna......... . . .  .Assmant News Editor
Kappa Delta nho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Essay Gamma. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Aeststant News Editor
Edward n. Potter Club, 208 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vraanm Smut.................Auistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street. 3—9137

Osaomrn Smonnr. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Bustness Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 286 Quail Street, 2-4144

Joan Dario. . . . . . . é . . . . . . .Assaciate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 S. Lake Arenue. 2-4814

Lawn Sm. . . . . . . . . . . .Assoclate Business Manager
Delta Omega, 409 Western Avenue, 20761

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroars Enrroas
Frank J. Hardmeyer, Charles McConvllle, seniors
Sornomona DESK EDITORS

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

 

1935 Member 1936
Dssociaied Colleoiale Press

Distributor of
Collegiate Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, 02.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-adios, Albany, N. Y.

Palm er Born Pamrmo 00., 180., ALBANY, N. Y.
Albany, N. Y.

Vol. XX, No. 21 April 2-}, 1936

ISSUE EDITOR
Fred E. Dexter

 

HOSTS AND GUESTS

State college this week-end assumes the role of host
and will entertain the National Student Federation
Regional conference of the Middle Atlantic District
colleges. Student leaders from such colleges as 001-
gate, Vussar, Cornell, Union, Hunter, Princeton, and
others are among the delegates who will bring to the
round tables of the conference the opinions of their
student bodies and the problems of their college en
vironments. Among the topics which will be discussed
are Peace, Sex Courses in College, Student (lovernmcnt,
and Woman’s Position in the University. The different
phases of these topics can be considered nml dis-
cussed successfully in only such :1 cosmopolitan group
as will be present at this week-end conference.

In behalf of State college, the an3 extends a hourly
welcome to all the visiting delegates, uml sincerely
hopes that State’s students may prolil by the visit of
the dclcguics, and that they also may be ublo on their
return to lake with them it feeling lhnl lhe nchicvc-
ments of this conference are compurublc, if not superior,
to similar gatherings of the  S. 13‘. A.

But aside from the part of host, \Vlilll urc lbc obli-
gations of State college at this conl’ercncc'.’ ’i‘hc lcudcrs
of the discussion groups have been choson from other
institutions oi’ learning and these leaders hnvc lucrilod
this distinction by lheir experience uml ndcqunic knowl
edge oi.’ the topics on which lhcy will guide discussions.
Our student associulion bus nmoug ils memln-rs many
who have valuable contributions in lbc form of sug~
gestions which could be presented at the conference
sessions. At the convocations in other colleges, muny
of these students were hindered from pnriicipnling
through economic or other reasons, but, with lbc con-
ference center on the State college campus, i’niluro of
students to attend is inexcusable. Let us all attend,
and be among the contributors to lho success of all
the groups.

And, aside from the actual ncssions of lhc conference,
the personal acquaintances, which such a gulhering
makes possible, are of lncstlmnblo vuluo. ‘l‘hrough
personal relationship, we may compare our collcgo lil'c
and its activities with that of other inslilulious.
doubtcdly an exchange of ideas in this fashion will bc
equally as valuable as the conclusions of lhc discussion
groups.

Our campus and the Hotel 'I‘cn l-lyck prcscnl lhu
most favorable enviromnent for this convcnllnn. ()nr
delegate to the N S. F. A. conference of last December
has brought us this regional meeting. New! more ho
said than this: Our ail‘orts will dolermino lo a largo
extent its success.

THE CASE FOR THE NEWS

At the studcnl association nsmuullly \Vcdncsdny
noon, the News took a dollnito thiid udrocnling the
lowering of the point assignments for its cdiloriul
ofﬁces.

The NEWS board has passed a resolution to incronsc
the stall and decrease the hours of work ol’ the lncm~
hers for next year in ordcr to relieve the nunubcrs of
too great a burden of work. The extent of their work
was further em haslzcd by the point system survey
which showed hat the NEWS editorial stall spout a
great deal more time in its work than luoul or the
boards and councils all'cctcd by the point sysiclll.

 

AN OBSCURITY?

varsity captains for each year have been tradition-
ully elected at the close of the season of the preceding
year. Apparently tradition is in disregard this year;
a captain for the 1936-7 basketball season is lacking.
Can it be that no one wants the post, or has that posi-
tion been abolished, or, perhaps, has the ﬁlling of this
post just been overlooked?

Some mention should be made of the procedure to
be followed in conducting next year’s basketball season.

Aside from personal interest in the matter, “A
Junior” communicates to the NEWS, “Why has there
been so much secrecy involved in the public announce.-
ment of next year’s basketball captain? Why hasn’t
the result of the election been announced in the News?
In the past, I understand it has been known a week
after the season closes. What is the matter this Year?”

Someone should be named to this position. If such
a naming is not feasible, an explanation from the Men’s
Athletic association might lill this gap which exists at
present in the Athletic program of State college.

THE SEASONAL SPORT

Tile sport of basketball for 1935—6 is a closed book
for State college. Even the locker room postmortems
have ceased their rumblings, and the sports of baseball
and tennis now occupy the center of interest for sports
fans. And, the ‘big league’ games hold their usual
quota of interest with everyone.

This year’s baseball season opens tomorrow with
Bard college invading the Capital district to meet the
Goewey diamond men. Student support for an athletic
team is its greatest asset. This year with the exclusion
of graduate students from the team, State will enter
the season with a squad of men with whom every
member of the student association is well acquainted.
The 1936 baseball season promises to be n distinct
‘New Deal,’ one for the undorgraduute students, and
one worthy of their support. The game tomorrow with
Bard, the first of an eight-game schedule, will merit
your presence as a spectator, if not as a player. Cannot
baseball supersede basketball in student enthusiasm as

well as active participation?
Under a Dictatorship

 

Our United States

 

 

Un-I

 

BOOK :

(For Sale or Rent in the 00-01))

It Can’t Happen Here, by Sinclair Lewis. Doubleday
Dornn, >158 pages. $2.50.

In this prcscnt day world in which we see dictatorial
'hot spots’ which have become such through the domi-
ounce there of dictators in the personnch of Mus-
solinis, Hitler‘s, ctc., the United States citizen may
rightfully wonder, “What is our destiny, continued
democracy as of old, orvﬂlictntorship, too?" Sinclair
Lewis in his latest novel portrays in his true journal-
istic iiction, our United States with “Buzz” Wimlrip
ill. the wheel of the govcrmnentnl vehicle, guiding it
with tho unstinldntr gusto of a dictator into chaos nml
uprising, suppressing ull frccdom. ln his drastic
mcusurcs ho is bucked by the .\linuic llcu who nrc
llillcr’s Brown Shirts or .\lussolini's llluok Shirts all
over again, inking thc trick of booting with steel tupcs
from one and the use of l-nstor oil from the olhor.

in all the l'uror oi' the Wimlrip order, licwis has
developed llorcmus .lcssup, n sixty-od(l-yl-nr-old ncws-
pnpcr cditor in n Vermont town. as his spolwsmnn.
.lossnp is shrewd, \vbimsirul und lho lruc pcrsonilicu-
tion of all Lbnt is libcrnl.

Lewis's plan for the osLnbllsluncnl oi‘ the (lll'illl.lll"-
ship is not by use of form of arms, but on lho cou-
lrnry, hc. propluesil-s the nch prcsidcutinl l‘ll‘l'llllll us
resulting ill the choice of one, " lluu." Wimlrip. who
morc ncui'ly rcscmblcs tho dwcuscd llucy Irong'. l"ull
ol' l'nir promises, $5,000 u your for l-vcryonc. clc..
\\'indrip is grcully nidcd by llishop l’rnnu'. lhc l'umous
lu-omlcusicr, in whom wc soc llu- prcscul duy |“ulhcr
l'onghlin. 'l'hc ruul moutol' in tho \\"imlrip mlmiuislru
lion in Loo Hnruson, who more ncnrly rcscmlilcs lllllcr
lllllll ho docs nu Anlcricnn. l‘ivcnluully, ul'lcr llu- div
lulorship has grown in sorority. and bus rcsullcd in
nhul mighl be expected in lho wny ol' supprcssiou ol'
nll l‘rccnlom, Hnrnson sncccmls in gclliug rid of Windrip
by scmling him oll' lo ll‘rnucc. 'l‘lu-n Sill'lhllll is killcd
by lluik, nnolhcr lncmbor oi' lho group, and things
go from bud lo worse the country orcr unlll lhc rom-
lion sols in uml lhc curtain l'ulls with .lcssup, our
i'llll.l)l' l‘riu-nd. nct'lvc in \vlmt seems to bc uu c.\ccllcul
chum-c of the roostublishmcnl ol' lll'llllll‘l'lllli' gowrn
mont, with nn honcsl libcrul liopublicun. \\'nll 'l'row-
bridgc, us its lu-ml.

Willi nll this huppcning. .lcssup lms lusl. his pnpor.
nml is sl-nt nwny to n couccnll‘nllon cnmp l'or hi~
nolivilios in printing uml distributing null \\'imlrip
propnguudu. llis lluughlcr .\lul’y. whoso husbuml llli.‘
boon mul'dcrcd. tnkcs hcr Im-hulrumnlic icrcngc by
diving hcr nirplnnc into n ship cnrrying lhc jndgc
who scntcuccd licr husband. llis swcctlu-nl'l. Imriulln.
who is unothcr of Mr. Lewis's “l'rm- wmncn.” nnd
Sissy, lbc youngest .lcssnp ohihl, add u bil ol' color
and intimacy to tho strained uml brokcn coursos which
l.lll' livos ol' the other clnirnctcrs follow.

()ur tyl'unt Wimll'ip, during his cumpuigu bus, with
tho aid of Suruson, cdilcd his Iono book, “Zcro llonl‘
livur Lbc 'l‘up." l.c\vis cmpllnsim-s lhc unfolding of
thc various sicps in thc lrnusl'ormnllon ol' llw dcmoc
rncy to tho dictatorship oi' Wimlrip by including cx»
couple from lhis book lo iulroduco his olulplcrs. 'l‘lu-sc
pus-mgcs propouml only lhc lirmosl. most l'lopinn
idcnls imugiuuhlc, nnd lhcu lln' courso ol’ lln- \l'imll'lp
rogimc uurrulcd in lho cunning chuph-r is soon to be
in dil'ccl conlrmliclion to those idculs.

lino might wcll supposc lhnl such it book would cull
for tho cxcrclsc of u good dcul ul‘ vrculivo imuginuliou.
bul actually Louis has ovmlcd ibis prom-durc by lI'uun
l‘orring whnl. bus hnpponcd in other countries in ibis.
.\lr. lwu'ln is handling osscnliully drumnlic mulcrinl
am! this million this book intcrosling uud cuiovnblc.
llis skolchcs of runny living pcoplo, pnrtirnlnrlv of
pnlllil'lullH. his lake-oil's on patriotic songs, his \l'nrm
i’ricndlincss lowurds his own Vcrnumlcrs, uml lho im-
mune proportion of rcnlislic, rcvcnliug snliro mid much
lo lhc vividucss of tho nnrrnlivo.

 

 

 

Point Discussion

Will (Ills: Today

Student Body To Resume Debate
Begun On Wednesday Noon
On Point Revision

The regular business before the
student assembly this morning is a
discussion of the points program as
presented by the point system re-
vision commiltcc. This is to be the
llnul opportunity for consideration
of the new system. The program
will be brought to a vote at the close
of the discussion.

A discussion of the proposed
system which was conducted at the
special assembly Wednesday was
necessarily incomplete due to the
ask of time. However, one altern-
tion was made which concerned the
transposition of two nine point
oliiccs on the NEWS stult‘ to the seven
point group. Wednesday’s assembly
cluscd with the student body still in
the committee of the whole.

A reprint of the point system
us proposed by the committee fob
lows:

._

10 I’OIN’J.‘ OFFICES
l’rcsidcnt Student ussoclutlon
l'hlltor-ln-chlcl’ Stntc College News
Editor-ln-chlcl.‘ l’cdagogue
lIldltor-iu-chief Lion
.\luuauer Basketball

9 POINT OFFICES
News editor State College News
.\ssoclutc editor Stutc Coilcge News
President Young Women's Christian

ussoclutlon
I’rcsldcnt Ulris' Athletic association
Vice-president Student association
Sccrctnry Student association
Business mnnngcr l’cdugogue
l.llcrnr_v editor Pedagoch

8 POINT OFFICES
(:lnss presidents
I’rcsidcut Music council
l'rcsidcnl llramnllc uml Arls council
Business munugcr Slutc College News
.\ssoclutc news editors Slate College

News

7 l’OIN’l‘ OFFICES
President dormitory senate
ilusiucss lunnngor Lion
(.‘uplulns (l. A. A. tenors

\sslstnni mnnngcr basketball
Sophomore dusk cdllors Slnlc (,‘ollcgo
.\‘cws

ll l'OIN’l' OFFlClCS
I’rcsldcnl chnlo council
Secretary 1). & A. council
Assislnnt business mnnngcr l’cdngoguc
l’hologrnph odllor l’cdngoguc
lidltonln—chh-f (‘olu-ll‘ol'lilli
(.‘lnss lrcusurcrs
Sccrolnl‘y Y. W. (‘. A.
.\dvvrtlslng munugor lllon
l)ormliory scnulc
liroup umi sorority house prosidcnis

o I’OIN'I‘ OFFICES
\'l('u-pl'l~slllclll Dobulc council
\'|cc-prcsldonl Y. W. (I. A
'l‘rousnrcr ll. A. A.

'i‘rcnsnl'cr I). A \.

’i‘rcnsurcr .\Iuslc council

l‘npluln buskclbull

('lliill'lllilll vlciroln commillcc

.\lununcr rurslly ulhlcllc lcnlns

.\sslsluul buslm-ss munuuurs of News

.\sslslnul udrorilslug und business
mnuugcrs lilon

l‘lnss rum-cscnlnllvc on (i. A. A. council

i‘orrospomling sol-rclul'y ih-bnlc council

All-iiilu'l'n‘ nl' llll'ul‘lul'y lmili'll

-l l'lllX’l‘ ()ll‘ll‘ll‘l‘lH
l'rl-sldoul .\lun's .~\lhlcll(- ussol-lullon
l'I'csitll'llls :lopurlnwulul I‘llllu
l'nplulu bnsobull
('Inss \‘ll'i' |il'l'i-ll(li'|llH
'i‘ronsan-r ’ W. l‘. .\.

l'llllllil' In l'lilcl' l'll‘llll

.\luunglug cdllor l‘qu-Iv‘ornln

Spol'ls’ l’lllllll' Ncws

.\rl odilor l.lou

.\inunul-rs illlll usslsiuul Iununizcr mcu‘s
lulrn murul sports

.\lc-mlu-r .\l. .\. .\. l‘l.\l'('llll\'l' millllllllll'l'

.\iu-miwr rurslly lillNliI‘llIiill lcum

.\lt'llllu'l‘ .\lllhll' l'lllllll‘ll

\lI-lllluil‘ ll. A' .\. l'lllllll'll

ll l'lilN’l‘ ()li‘l*‘ll‘l'2.\‘
rollulous clubs
.\dvorilslug nuinuccr l'cllnuogm-
(‘ircninllou Inumlccr Lion
.\sslslnul clrr-ululluu ninungcr lllon

i'rosldi-nl

\ssol-lnio l‘lllllll’ .lou
\sslsiunl uI'l l'lllllll‘ l.|nu
Ilusiuuss mnnngI-r l-h'ho

l'il'lm lllorul‘y lllli'l'll

.\nlru-rllsluu muuugor l'h-ho
.\‘rcl'cliil'y .\l. .\. .\.

.\‘ocrclnry (l. A. .\.

Hindu-m nssoclullou l'lli'l‘l‘ ll-mlcr
Lolillcl- unlullrllluv
.\sslulniil Inumlcvrs \‘nrslly
'i‘rousuri-r lioluilo council
llcrordilu.r socrulnry ih-bulo conncil
\ll'llllll‘l‘ vurslly Iinsobnli (rum

1! l’(l|.\"|‘ (lli‘ll‘ll‘lilS
Himluul limlrd ol‘ ll‘luumu-
l'umnuu commission
.\rl n-dllor l'i-dncoum-
l"l'l|llll'l' I‘lllllll' l'i-ilnguguo
l'cdnuoguc pholouruph slull'
i'u-ducoguo luminous slni'l'
.\ssol-lnlc willor I‘oln l-‘orum
liunlmus nlnll' l.|ou
l‘iuss uonu lcndcrs
Vll'u-pl'unlllvlll. soorclury. ircusnl'vr dc
|ulrlnu~ului clubs
Y W. l‘. A. leri cublncl
VIcn-pl'unlllulli (i. .\. .\.
.\lcmiu-r licbuic council
('Iuns inurshuls
i'mlcruruilnulc odllor .\Iumnl (inurlorly
i'ru-sblcul 'l‘ronluulours

l l'lllN’i‘ lll“|"ll‘llih'
l'lrculniion nulunuu-r l'cduuogno
Sporiu rilllor l‘cdugogm-
l'odnuouuu lilcrurr sinil'
l‘oul Forum hourd
l‘hlllul'lnl und buulnoss sluil‘ Ncws
Art and lllcrnry ulnll' l.lon
Class rcporlcl'

iI-ums

 

 

STATESMAN

Many are the complaints that the
subleties of this column are much
too subtle. Must we mention names
always? . . . . the boys and girls
have returned for the ﬁnal stretch
with divers stories on an enjoyable
vacation. . . . Chairman Dcno is
putting State’s main feature to the
fore with liostesses Anne, Nina, and
Him as Conference welcomers. . . .
some individuals visited Niagara
falls, we hear . . . just to observe
the scenery, they any . . . and the
boys are enjoying Doc’s cigars. . . .
Hnmunn’s stunt at the party urouscs
our interest . . . as does the news of
Else's foursome over the holidays
. . . did McGrnw lese his goggly eyes
in a growlcr after Lent. . . . Micky
is wondering if she is being don
right by. . . . lie-man has been hurry-

 

 

 

J

-

ing someone else’s past and
Gmnuer has the Crist to resume
spring activities at 380 . . . In the

spring a Young man’s fancy . .

(also 380) . . . but. there were no
blossoms in Utica as Jim l’si-cd . . .
two scnrccst things at State now
. . 11 job and a bid to inter-sorority
. . . a bit of feminine lunekground
might help those diamond boys to-

morrow ho, ho, honx! darn
whytc of you! . and so, if you’ll
providc thc cnnsc, we’ll give the
answer.

[his lugo, lho ‘Ncws’ mouse, suc-
cccdcd in shaking the lion oll' its
cur.’ . . . lilvidcntly l.il doosn’t rush
into things, she knows what she lykos

. Mascot EEP, touching the
Ontario strccl boys :1 few tricks,

rice for honors with lhc 'l‘crricr of
it. Z. . . .

THE MAN OF STATE

lGRECIAN CAMBOle

Most of the Grecian activities of
lho past week were curried on fur,
l’ur away from Sl‘utc’s rumpus.
Nevertheless, liuppn Dolln announces
llu- cugugement of Mnrion Lloyd, ’34,
to ltobcrt ’I‘ownc Robinson, '34, and
11 member of Gamma Chuplcr of
l\':'ppn Dcltn Rho. .\Iiss Lloyd is
touching in (lcorgclown, and Robin-

 

 

son is assistant princile ul Con-
slnblcrillc High school. l’si
(lunnun ’s llurricl (lomlcnow, ’Jl-l,

will be murricd lo Rulph llcnning in
l'l.icu on Many Ill. llclcn lx'lugc
and Dorothy (lrilliu, nlso 'il-l’s, will
be lu'idcsmnids. . . . l‘si (iuuuun nlso
nuuonuccs lbc ongngI-mcnl of Kath-
crim- llrown, ‘Jl-l, lo \\'nrrcn Kelly
of Troy.

(inmmu l\'nppn l’hi plculgcd l'hliill
llnilcy uml llclcn (libson. freshmen,
and llclu Zulu wclcomcd lwo now
l’rosh, .\lnry l'lcrcc und .\ilccn llun-
Hl’ll. Al Alphn llho, .\lury Noisl-nux
and Emily Yogcl, ’illl, rniscd lhc
sororin Incmlun'ship.

l'si (inmmu 's olumnuo will conduct
n bridgc pnrly tomorrow ul'lcruoon.
.\ml Al'll’hi's l’l'cshmcu will give the
.‘H‘ll\'l' Inchu-rs u pnrly ionighl.

.\Iul l'rom I’lli Lumbu \\l‘ lcuru ul’
lho murringo ol' .\buu Quimby, '37:,

lo (loin-gl- Hpringsll-l'n oi' l’onrl
lil\'l‘l'. .\lllll‘ll lo lhnl, .\llllllll,‘
(ll-orgoll', ’37, Mini Ill-lly l"nllon, ’3”,
won- rccl-lrml iulo l'ull nu'luburship
uml llclly ||ulh:|, ’Jlll. lwcnmc n
ph-llg‘c.

(‘luss sw-I'uiiil'y
(‘luss clu-cl' louder
\lm- prn-sldonl. sccroiury. lrousnror rc-

Ilglnnlls clubs

r. \\', i‘ .\. sccond cnblnol

l. I\\. (‘. .\. umlcrgrmlmuo roproscnln-
I \'1~

.\i .\ .\. rcpruscnlullvc

.\in-mlu-rs \‘urully in-uulu li'lllll

'l'lu' following rcsolnlinns will also
lu' prusoulcd by lho l‘ommlllcc:

llusolrod: lhnl lll lho cusp of co-
olIh-c hohb-rs, Iiu- sumo uumiwr of
points shull ho nllollcd lo ouch ol' llic
I'It oilh-c holdcrs nu lo n single holdcr
ol' llll' ollll‘l‘.

lll'nulh'll lhnl durng lho
school ,vn-nrs ol' Iliilllil'l uIId
I'lillilllllll'l' lu' nppolulod In
formation rounrdluu work
involrcil ln lll'llVllll'N oillccs.

lin-solvml: lhnl lu-glulllui: ilriobcr.
llllla nud cwry llll'l‘l‘ yours llu-rcul’icr,
n colnmlllc-o lw nppoluiml by llu- l‘rcsl-

lu-xl lwo
lllil'l :lH n
unlbor In-
and hours

Ili'lll of tho Hlullcul nsuocinllon lo
unmvur ibis lllll'HllUll "Should llu-
polnl uynli-m iu- ruvlscd. llllll. ii' so,
how?"

Ill-solvml: lhnl llsls ol‘ nl lousl lhono
pcoplo who lln\'c hull‘ lho Imuinunn
oi‘ poluln lu» hcpl l'or rcl'crcm'c by Hill
«h-ul l‘omlcil in oi'llcl' liml ihcy may
be rol‘orrod in in making nppolnlnu'uls.

licsolvml: lhnl in ounce of rcorunnl-
znllon ol‘ noi.vllh-s, oslnbllshlnonl ol‘ now
l‘onulllllllolln l'or nrllrlllcs or oslnb-
llshmcnl of now olilcos in m-iirillcs,
noun ol' llu'no rmn-mrnlzullons go inlo
oil'ch nulli nolnls hnvo burn sol up for
l‘lll‘ll ulllcu by llll' l'ullll Sysluln lic-
vlnlun l'llllllllllll‘i' of [bill your. or if
llli‘l'l' bu no such connnlllcu lhnl ycul‘.
by Mysknnlu in uccordnm-o with lho
[Il‘llu'lplus of liuI l'olnl Syslcm.

