 

CONFERENCE ISSUE

State College .. New

 

 

   

 

 

 

Von. XX. No. ‘21

Siwria (“OLLEoE FOR TEACHERS, Aramsv, N. Y., FRIDAY, Aenn. 24. 1936

'9‘)

n..—

t

5 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issues

 

Baseball Opener
To Be_l_ViLh Bard

Varsity Positions Are Uncertain;
Bard Team Composed Of
Experienced Men

’l‘oinorrow afternoon at 3 :00 o’clock
at Ridgetield park the State college

IS CAPTAIN

 

 

diamond men go into swing with the
Bard college \'tll‘."lt.\' as their guests.
This will be the opener ot' an eight-
game schedule for the lililtl season.

During the past week the State
men have been doing some intensive

practice at the Ridgetietd diamomt
umler the supervision of (‘oaeh
(lot-wt-y. This year showed oIie ot’
the largest number ot' men out for
practice in some years. .\s to who
will tilt the positions. considerable
uncertainty evisted as the .\'|-:ws
went to press. t'aplain Ainyot will
hold forth on the initial sat-k, aIid
('utten anti Helonitl. will be the main-
stays for the niotind. Ray Lynch.‘

veteian player of the twilight league,
will undoubtedly play thirtl, and in
the outtitttt. Young' and Ryan seem
in llt' gtititl tit‘ls.

The third squad will consist oi" the

following: Scott. captain at third
base. .\lagee amt (‘ioni, catchers,
Test} on the mound, l“it'ke at lirst.
tlates at second. amt t"ilsinger at
short stop. in the ontlieltl, .\litter
will be at left. Jaeoby at center. amt
\\'eissberger amt t’it-kard will void

pete for the right position. tlates.
Jat'ohy and \\'eisshergei' are the only
new men on the stpitid, the rest hav
ing but] one or two years' experience.

.\tthnngb the Slate men have hatl
only the minimum of practice due
to ‘the inclement weather conditions
ot' the past few weeks. ('oach (toewoy
entertains high prospects ot’ taking
the visitors over tomorrow.

Students To Vote
For 1937 Officers
in Next Assembly

The election of student association
officers for the coming year will be
conducted in next lt‘ritiay’s assembly,
according to )aul Bulger, ’liii, presi-

dent of the association and member’

of Myskania, senior honorary society.
Nominations were made in the
assembly ot' April ti.

Tlic juniors who were nominated
for the oilicc of president of the

student association are: .lohn Dent),
Harry Guniaer, ’t‘homas Meehan,
Elizabeth Menry, amt James Van-
derpoet.

The other nominations are: vice-
president, tterbert Drool, Leslie

Knox, anti John ()‘ltrien, sophomores;
secretary, John i'ltlgc, Joseph lieese.

Joseph Muggteton, amt Dunth
Tynan, i'reslmien; Men’s Athletic
association representative, Thomas
Harrington, ’37, Joseph liaGral‘t‘,
Agotino Natoli. anti John (l’lilrien,
sophomores.

Two Seniors To Be

 

Gerald Amyot, ‘:iti.

captain of
the varsity baseball lealn whieh

t third

a!

season against

afternoon

opens its
t college lolilori'tiw
j tttttgetieltl Iltll'lx'.
t

 

'Resident Faculty
r To Have Positions
in Summer School

t
l
l

, 'I'hirty members ot' the regular
[Stale college faculty will have teach
'ing positions in the annual summer
‘sessioii. Mr. (‘tarenee A. ltittley. di-
tt'l‘t‘ltll' ot' the ltlllll extension session
,tannonueed today.

l The resident faculty members who

tale included are: Art. Miss (il'ace
.\lartin: commerce. t’rofessor (leorge
.\t. York, Miss tttanche M. Avery,
tMr. t'ttlward l.. ("oopt-r, Mr. ('hester

I vp  . - -
-. eiiitt. econtnnies and sociology,

Professor Adam .\. Walker; educa-
tion. Dr. Arthur R. tieik. Dr. William

M. it‘rem-h, Dr. l'larl ti. Honth, Miss
Katherine t'i. \\'heetiiig; l‘lllgllh‘tl, Dr.
Harry \\'. Hastings, Mr. William H.
itardy.

Others are: (toverninent. Dr. David
ttut'ehiuson, Mr. Ralph linker: his-
tory, Dr. A. W. Risley; ancient lan-
guages, Miss l‘ltltlll 0. Wallace;

Students Secure
School Positions
For September

Fifteen seniors anti four graduate
students have received positions for
the coming school year through the
Al‘ipointment bureau during the past
two weeks, according to Edna M.
Lowerree, secretary of the bureau.
Six graduate placements have also
been announced.

Seniors who
ments for next

have secured place-
Septcuibcr include:
l’eryl Whipple, social studies, at
Westt‘ord; ltclcn Jones, I'lnglish,
Scticncctatly; Marjorie Kalaitljiaii,
commerce and mathematics, West
Winfield: William Baker, mathe-
matics, itainbridge: Rosa t‘eters.
mathematics. Averill i’ark; l‘itlit‘ttl‘tl
Kramer. commerce anti social science,
LeRoy.

Sebastian Albrecht, commerce amt
niattieniaties. Reiisselaer Falls; Mil-

 

N. S.E A. Delegates Arrive Today
To Attend Regional Conference

W E LCO M F D E LEG AT Es Deno to Greet Representatives
From District Colleges

At Ten Eyck Hotel

Delegates from the Middle Atlantic
district colleges of the National Stu-
dent Federation of America are
registering today at. the. Ten Eyck
hotel, the regional conference head-
quarters. 'l‘he conference begins at
12:30 o’clock today and will end
tomorrow night. New York State
College for Teachers is host college
to the visiting students. Robert
Klein, regional chairman, of New
York university is in charge ot' the
cout‘ercnee program, amt John Done,
’37. will represent State college as
host in charge of local arrangements.

 

1
,y .

 

 

 

 

tlrett Siiultes, mathematics. \\'ar\vick;
David Rogers, science, Warsaw;
Dorothy l-titter, social science. Rich»
mondville; (itatlys it‘ostt-r. coimnerce.

 

\\'arners: Aubrey liaibaugh, coin-
merce, ltoneoye Falls: Norma Blake,
science, (treenvitle; Margaret Wood
l rutl'. social science, (trecnviltc;
ti‘arotyli Simonet, French aiitl Latin.
,t‘hanniont.

(tratluate students who have secured
positions are: Larry Davis. principal.
jHeiissetaervitle; Frank (‘artl. seventh
and eighth grades. Massena: Harold
\\'atson, history, l'tiea: and Herald

t.\'ewttin. principal, l‘openliageil.

t Aileen Dexter. '37:. will teach
[mathematics and scienee at llroad-
jittlllll next year. anti Kathryn Wit
j kins, ’15:? library amt tingliin at
j littenvitle. ('litl'ord Ratt, Yb"). will
,assulnc the priiicipalstiip at Her

ltionttson High school. Members of
tthe class of lttJi-l to secure positions
tillL'tIHlt‘Z t‘ll(‘llll(t|‘ \l'aterbury, library
lat ("(ii‘iiiiig: Thomas (iarrt-tt. l‘lnglish
[at Babylon; and Louise ttodt’rey.
It‘liiglish at Walton.

Kappa lgbi—Vlzappa
lnducts Members

Kappa Phi Kappa, national ettu
catiolial fraternity, will induct twenty
members into full membership iii the
animal spring,r initiation t‘iaiiqnet
\\'etincsday night at the Hotel Wet-
linglon.

The following are now pledge mem-

titn‘arianship, Miss Martha (‘. l’rit tiers of the fraternity: George
chard, Miss Madeline l". (tilmonr, Decker. irwin l'Isinoml, Raymond
Miss Thelma t-taton. Miss tttdith t'I. Hughes, amt t‘lruest Milauo, sciiiors:
l"ord; library service. Miss Mary it}. John ('utteii, tu‘dniond tu‘rwin. Rav-
t'ohh. Miss ttllma l‘Ivans. Miss Alice inoiitl tr‘isk, (’teorge (Henson, John
M. Kirkpatrick. Miss ltelen (‘. James, J Hastings, Ralph Johnson, Nathan
Miss ti‘ram-es ttenne: mathematics, tintiman, Robert Margison, Robert
De. llnrry lirehenongh. Dr. Ralph McGowan, Thomas Mcehan. ('liartes
.\. lit-aver: music, Dr. ’t‘. Frederick Morris. Waiter Rogers, John Ryan.
tt. ('amttyii: anti science. Dr. Ratph..tinnes Yaiiderpoet, thgar Warren.

H. (‘tansen, Dr. ('arleton l‘i. l’ower.

and William Young, juniors.

 

Authority on Forei
To Address Reg

t‘taik .\t t'Iichetliergt-r. \vitletv
known authority on international af~

t
t

I ' t'airs, will address the .\',N.t“..\. re»

EnghSh ASSIStal‘lts‘gionat eotit'erenee during the limit

Margaret t‘i. tlowes and Juliet banquet tomorrow night at 7;tttl

Lewis. sellitil'h. lmvt- been appointedto'etoek. .\s Ilaltonnt director of the

assistants ill the college t‘tngtisbjta-agne ot' Nations association amt
department for the year Itlilli .‘lT.

—_____.__*___

Dr. tlrnbaehti'. president. announced
this \\'l't‘l\'.

Miss tlowes Lewis will
eondm-t tpii/ amt correct
themes amt giie general assistance
in the l'ingtisb department in addi
tion to enri'ying on work for the
master's degree.

\liss ltowes. a resident of Jordan.
.\. \'.. a member of Signllin
Landis. senior scholastic society. amt
ol lhi Sigma Theta sorority. .\liss
Lewis. of .\ataloga Springs. has par
tit-ipated in college tli':iimitie.~. and
a member of .\lll‘lt' eonneit anti
ol (hi Sigma Theta soi'orily.

amt .\liss
st't'l lIIlI>

ls

PLAN PEACE GROUP

.\ .\Iille l‘tllll'IL'l‘ Ili'ill't‘ Sill'lt'l‘t \\2Is
planned at a meeting \\'edne~~tta_\.
v.ilh Lillian Shapiro, 'Jl7. presiding,
following a line of ut‘lioll determined
in a History || t'ollise. .\ second
meeting is planned for 't‘ut-sday
at .‘l: to o‘clock in room .‘ftt ol Di'aperl
ma. with Lois Lord. ':;;, m ehargel
ot' the program. .\ committee wast
iiaiiietl to draft a platform for the
organiaalion. headed by Raymond
Hughes. 'Iiti. t'ermnnent ottieers are
to be chosen at 't‘nesday's meeting. l

  

Clark M. Eiclielbergei‘

editor of the "('tironit'te of World
Affairs", the only American news-
paper ou foreign relations, he has
assumed prominence both here amt
abroad for his etl'orts in promoting
good will between the United States
and Europe. in recognition ot’ this,

gn Relations

‘the was honored by being made a
jt'tteratier ot' the Legion of ttonor oi
t"ra nee.

I Mr. t'lirlietbt-rger tirst beeann- ii»
terested in foreign atl'aii's during his
,st-rriee over sens with the American
l'ixpeditionary Forces in the World

ional Conference

. t have

Assisting Deno with the conference
arrangements will be the following:
tt‘reti Dexter, Harry (tumaer, l‘ltiza-

     
 

beth Meuiy, l‘tlsa Smith, and .Roy
Swingle, juniors, working on regis-
tration; amt Jayne tiuckley, ’36,
amt Thomas Meehan, Amie Rand,
amt James \'amterpoe|, juniors,
working on entertainment. Members

ot' .\lyskania, senior honorary society,
and student council will also attend
the discussions anti plenary sessions.

Discussions, speeches, banquets anti
a dance tonight at the Ten l'lyck
halt room are the failures of the
conference. Students of State ot-
tege are invited to attend the ses-
sions free of charge. However, those
wishing to attentt the banquets anti
Ihe (lance will be assessed. The (lis-
eiissions will evolve about such topics
as peace, sex courses in college, stu-
dent government, and woman's posi<
titm in the university. Information
about the parlors in which the dif-
ferent. discussions will be conducted
will be available for all students at:
the conference informa.iv-.. table at
the Ten l‘l_\'t't( hotel.

Among the speakers who will ad-
dress the delegates are, Dr. A. R.
lh-ubacher, president of State. col-
lege. Dr. W. tt‘retleriek, assistant
professor of education, Dr. Henry T.
Moore, president of Skidmore cot-
tege. amt Clark Eichetberger, director
ot' the League. of Nations association.
(tver tit’ty delegates are expected
attenti. The colleges which will

 

 

t
l

l l

 

 

Dr. A. R. Brubacher, president
of the college, anti John Deno,
'ilT. vice-president of the student.

to

. . . . . - --; s ' '5  v
“gupluhnn‘ I” “hump U, “ml l‘tttlitl .tltt Y . ltliliiltilt, 'ﬁtlll Lop,
. - .. ‘ _ _ (.(llllllltllzl, i\cw \oi‘k ulll\'t‘l‘Slt'Y, bt.

eon\ention niiungemeiits. who . . *
Lawrence. \\ ashmgton college, lie-

\\'itl greet ltlt' t‘otlt'ge i't'pi't'selltn-
ti\e.~ attending the Nﬁtt'A eon-
tt't‘eiiee \\lll(’ll t'tIlI\elies today.

high college, New Jersey college for
Women, University of Newark, John
Marshal, ("tilgitte, (.‘ornctl, lliiioii,
_ limiter, New York State college for
l't‘eactiers, t’rineet'on, City College ot'
,‘New York, lttiaca, Vassar, Women ’s
,‘eotlege ot' Delaware, Barnard, New
Jersey Teachers college.
At: ll:tt) o’clock all those dele-
At  O’clock gates then present will attend the
college assembly as special guests of
iteiotes for class olliees will be thto college,
conducted 't'nesday noon at the saute The complete conference program
,ptaces at which elections were eoii- will he found on page i. I

‘tluett-d this week, the class presidents
announced. Juniors will vote
in room 20!, sophomores in rooili lll. Nelson  Take
F all Admissions
F ollowmg Return

 

 

lasses To Have
Revotes Tuesday

jc

l

 

‘illltl freshmen in room L’ttti, all of
,‘Draper hall.

j The class of liltt7 will ctnitluct re j
votes between the following eainti

. . i . 1
War. Returning to t-Inrope in lil'.’.'l,;d“l“” “fr “"“1"" “nit't'l‘ti ""‘V‘tm'S‘l Dr. Milton (it. Nelson, dean. is
be eomllietetl an intensive study tit’l‘t".'”' lwtity” “""t"”” “"‘t ,(‘t""’tltiiliiiig his vacation this year in
the reconstruction ot' nine eouiilries,’Mm“ l"'l"“"“""""1"" “” h“"“""IAprit‘and May instead of Jiut\ and
MIMI hull l,m.,i(,i,”m,d i” H”, wmxiboard tone yet to be chosen), Robert A“me “r. A_ n. Hruluwlwry.I'Wﬁi-
tn t-Lnrope at the time the Leaguel“m'hr‘iim'. “’“t, '\t-i”"“ It'r'T'Wi dtmt. announced this week. This will
of Nations was formed. be spent “tits” "t""t“t“t“ t“" Timt‘mt “MW” enable Dr. Nelson to administer the
considerable time sluttying the or t"’“ “ml-i I"“‘t""' t""""‘” “"“t"””' program which runs

guiiilalitili, and returned to .\lttl'l'lt’il
lirmty believing ttmt the l'niled
States should belong to this congress
of nations.

that time. Mr. tlichellierger
has attended nearly every session of
the .\ssembty ot' the League. He
has been present at "lll‘ll crises its‘
the Hino Japanese dispute, tiernmii_\"st

. l
Since

,ndmissions
»llll‘tlllgtl(iill the summer months.

ltllth are: Dean Nelson is spending April and
t‘ain tllltljliltl'l of May in England, visiting
Mildred Nightingale: secretary. lsctioots in Liverpool, t‘hestei', Htrat»
,i‘hristiiie Deishimer and H t e l t a t i'ortl, \\'. rwiek, (‘nnterbury. ,t'ixeler.
Sampson; treasurer, .lnnt-l Dibblelmnl other English cities a.td towns.
and (‘lm't-Hve You l‘lllen: represent“ .‘tle will also visit the l'nh ~rsities of
live on Inmnce board tone yet to be ‘tlxt'ord. t‘ambridge. and '.ondon, amt
chosenu, Muriel (tohlherg and t"lor ,tn’tll return to his desk .tnne 1. Dr.

antl t'ttoise Shearer.
Revolt-s in the class
,‘tice president, Dorothy

of

withdrawal, the Disarmament con j““"" Nt‘tl'llt'llt I'le‘l'Hl'IIl-‘Ilh't' 0“ (is 4 Nelson 's duties have been divided
i‘ereut-c, and Russia's entrance to the!  A\-. “Hill Anderson IIIHt (il'm't' tilllltltlg other members of the admin
Leagae of Nations. tie is at'tpittintetl l""t‘f'."3 ""t""'l‘"'t Ruth Fm“ “'"t t lﬁll'lllb'll illltl i'llt'lllllﬁ

personally with many ot' the fore “will” \llt'tl‘dii liti‘ht'lll-‘l'l l'lllltlt't’I'li Dean Nelson, on tho thte ('oltoge

most statesmen and
leaders of t'tnrope.

tte annually makes

goverlIIiit-nt l

hundreds of

‘spt‘t‘t'llt'n' over the radio and from the

tilltltl‘l' piibtie platforms throughoutj
the country. His versatility as al

 

t

speaker. his intimale contacts withj
leaders of foreign governments, and)
his been observation of iilterlialioiiatt
trends have made him one ot' thet
most popular lecturers Ull foreign,
relations. 1

editor, Warren Densmore and Mildred
Nightingale.

h'eioie amionncemenls for the class
ltliltl were not complete as the

NEWS went to press, but are to be

,t‘m-ulty since 19:37, is a graduate ot’
yttnemrta Normal school, of Htato
:eotlt'ge, 19:31, and has done graduate
‘\\ork at (‘ornetL tle was district
superintendent of schools from .1912

tlli

posted shortly. 'l‘liese revolt-s in to tilt? and from tilltt to lil‘JL’, and
etude: president. John t'tdgc, Rex~ saw war service in ltlt7—itl. lu ltlL'7
I'oid ll‘inster, Joseph t.eese, tletty be came to h‘tato college as an my

sistant professor, and in ttltll oh-
lainetl his professorship. lie beeunio
dean in load, upon the retirement tit~
Dean William lt. Mtitztei‘.

Hberwond, and William 'l‘oi'rens; \‘ieth
president. t‘hristine .\dcs and lletly
llayt'oi'd; treasurer, Robert (ioi‘iinlll
amt Richard l.onstlate.

 

