 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 14, 1936

 

  

en Golle’ge «3st
same by the clan of 1918

adnato Newspaper ol New York State
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Kan. D. Eam.......................Edttor-in-0Maf
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue. 2-4314

In...“ A. Boone.......................Nows Editor
Beta Zeta. 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3266

Guns M. UNoassa..................Auooioto Editor
Edward E. Potter Club. 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

hm Duran”..............Auistant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 8. Lake Avenue, 2-4814

En“ GUIAIB. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Auistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 208 Ontario Street. 2-0424

Vnonm Boom. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Auistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9131

Oman SinONm‘................“Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail Street, 2-4144

Jami Dana. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Auooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 3. Lake Avenue. 2-4314

llama Sm. . . . . . . . . . . .Associato Business Manager
206 Weatern Avenue. 4-5967

THE NEWS STAFF
Sron'rs Enrroa: Frank J. Hardmeyer, ’36

Sornomoan DESK EDITORS

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

 

 an.

Rnroaraas

Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calkins, Hulda Ciassen, liuth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans,
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
Kalbaugh, Margaret WoodrutT, seniors; Alice Barrows,
Helen Clyde, Isabel Davldge, Elizabeth Goodiug, Elfrieda
Hartt, Elizabeth Herr, Joan Kaplan, Ethel Keshner, Mary
Lam. Robert Marglson, Mary Plank, Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye, juniors; Betty Applcdoorn, Rose Berkowltz,
Mildred Bodin. Anne Burr, Frances Cahili, Helen Callenius,
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong, Antoinette
Don Vito Elizabeth Driscoll, Jeanne Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost,
Ella Gifford, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis
Jobson Rose Kurkhill, Charlotte lemun, Jenn Lichcnsteln,
Josephine Maurice, Mary McClung, Lillian Mosher, Iiuth
Mullen, Helen Olski, heresa Palmer, Mac Ilosenbeck,
Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy, Muriel
Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936

Rssociaied Colle6iaie Press

Distributor oi:
Colle 6iate Digest

Parana) or Born PRINTING 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

 

V01. XX, No. 13 February 14, 1930 Albany, N. Y.

WHAT ARE OUR ASSEMBLIES WORTH?

Many questions have arisen lately as to what our
assemblies oil'cr the students, and whether they are as
beneﬁcial as they might be. The chief criticism has
been the number of speakers that have appeared before
the association and the length of the addresses delivered.

Unquestionably, it is true that there is little time
remaining in our assembly programs for student busi-
ness. The few minutes allowed are consumed with
announcements. As many students have only the half
hour for lunch, it is impossible to continuc thc meet-
ing much after twclvc o’clock. ‘

Another criticism centers around the unvaried pro-
gram, i.c., the customary speaker. With the few c.vccpt-
tions such as the Christmas sing, the soul(Jr-sophomore
debate (which, though it did not till the objective in-
tended, provided one of the most entertaining assemblies
during the ﬁrst semester), song practice, and pop meet»
ing, there has been little to promote intcrcst in the
weekly period.

A third criticism has been the unduly long delay of
receiving the report of the representative lo the
Student Federatimi of America convention, b'cvcn
weeks have elapsed bct'orc Mr. l)cuo is sclu-dulcd lo
prcscnt his comments of this mccling. Much of the
oil'cclivcncss and value will have been lost by this
untimely dclay. if the student body is to lippi'opl'lillc
a hundred and ﬁfty dollars lo send a rcpmscntutivo
for a student report of this annual ail'air, it should dc-
scrvc a more prominent, spot in the assembly schcdulc.
Is an cqual sum over spent to obtain any of our olhcr
programs?

The fact that there has bccn no student busincss is
due to the luck of time rather than lhc luck of busi-

ness. Many nmttcrs of imporlnm-c arc i'rcqlumlly
brought before the simlcnls in the spring scmoslcr.
Unlcss each assembly providcs ndcqnnlc limc, such

lcgislation as may arise will be rushed through without
adequate discussion and lhougbl. That is noithcr snnc
practice nor dcmocrnlic governman

The general lisllossm-ss nnd muvspnpm' wading in
asscmbly may be dircclly duc lo lhc slcrcotypcd char
actor of those scssions. A lilllc variation can awukcn
this dormant interest and mnkc sonic of lhcsc ch-vcn
o’clock periods morc llmn n rcgulnr lccturc class.

’J‘IIE MAlliliUX-w—i SUITltt‘l‘} ()l“ REVENUE

'Wlintcvcr may in: written appears to have little
(«llccl on the person or pct-sons who are working lhcir
way through collcgc by way oi’ the slmlcnl Innilhox.
Reports still prevail that loitors containing monoy havc
disappeared from this scrvlcc station.

Those who have suffered a loss will nccd no word oi’
advice, but others may be prcvcnlcd from t-Apl'i'b‘ln-lng
financial embarrassment through appropriation of l'unds
by some unknown individual. lio not how lcllcrs con
tainng money sent to the college. Do not; have your
roommate bring your letters to the college and put lbw”
in the mailbox. Makc some other appointment to re-
ceive your mail.

If it is impossible to prevent these losscs in any olhcr
manner, the one sure way will be to rcmovc. the source.

ONE DOWN, ONE TO GO

A general revival of spirit evident this week appears
to be the result of release from teaching on the part
‘oi.’ some one hundred ﬁfty seniors, and the beginning
of a new semester. In addition, of course, there is the
general nervousness of the new teachers, and annoyance
of those unfertunates who must pursue their practice
work for the entire year.

In reality, it is the period of more resolutions than
New Year’s itself. The promises to dean, teacher, and
self alike are sincere and determined until the self
meets the forces of human nature; than begins a sad
story. If will power is strained to its utmost, it is
during the spring semester. In the fall everyone is
resigned to the fact that one must wade in, as it were,
to the dark depths with the end far in the future. The
second semester brings it closer and, as the weeks wear
away, numerous diversions arise to tempt any well-made
resolution.

We can moralize and resolve all we will, but it still
boils down to the fact that the ﬁrst semester is little
different from the second. Work must be covered and
mastered, be it at the beginning in February or the
end in June. It is not too difﬁcult to cram at the end
and pass, but one may as well tack an A. B. or B. S. to
an empty shell. There will be as much comparative
substance in each. If there exists any “gumption” in
this institution, make use of what there is and of the
facilities and opportunities oil'crcd. Be true to the
dean, the teacher, and self.

THIS WIDE, \VIDE WORLD

Either present day events will be minimized in the
history books of the future as a temporary disturbance
in the course of time, or the dc'adc of the thirties will
be the beginning of a long to be remembered era in
world history if the crop of world events continues to
occur as though they were wholesale products of some
hidden machine. Nothing seems to have escaped the
iopsy-turvy actions of map or element.

In the midst of world wide cil'orts for peace, a war
rages. Unfuliillcd threats are making the League of
Nations tremble on its foundations. In Asia, under the
cloak of aiding u down troddon nation, a subjected racc
is'being further buried under the shackles of the Master
of the East.

A (.‘ongrcss passes legislation to appease the voters.
A Court nulliiics them in turn. One party threatens
and the other storms. Courtesy of action and spccch
customarily expected of public oiiicials iinds no place
in national politics. if what has already come is but
a sample, the future holds many choice bits of oratory
for the populace.

in (lcrmany, the Olympics are under way despite the
opposition pre'alcnt a short time ago. They mark om-
ot' the few succcsscs today to promote intcrnniionul good
feeling.

i‘lvcn thc weather cannot be classed as normal. Ap-
pcaring to be docile and almost tropical the past 't‘cw
years, it has ariscn again as if to vent its rage on this
curious world.

Many more cxnmplcs prevail in tile currcnl' ncws.
A perusal of any daily newspaper will show similar
facts to sustain the statement that we are in an unusual

pcriod of history in the making.
a In Depression Days

 

. An American Novel

 

 

 

BOOKS
G. M. U.

(For Sale 02' Real in [lac 00-01))

New York. ilcynal

 

 

Second Growth, by Arthur l‘ound.
and Hitchcock. Iii? pugcs. $2.50.

in his new novel, “Second Growth", Arlhur l'ound
pictures one of the most cxciling aspccts of rcccnl
American lil'c~thc growlh of tho Middle West. As H
scqucl to “()ncc u \Yildorncss”, ll currics on lhc slory
oi" (‘apluin Mark’s sons and grandsons from llllii lo lln'
llllill’s.

ll sccms solo to say lhul unyonc who rcml Arthur
l’ouud’s ﬁrst novel ol’ Lusty .lolm .\lurk in tho stirring
yours ln:t\vccn fronlicr and factory will want lo follow
lhc subscqm-ul t‘orluncs of thc .\lark family as rclnlcd
in “Hocond Growth”. In his curlicr volmnc .\lr. l’ound
porlruycd an ('l'il in Alncricun liter-nu cru whosc pass
ing ncarly cvcry nativc Ann-rican has l'ound occasion,
during lhc past i'cw _vcurs, lo rcgrcl. licsidcs lhis ln-
croulcd :1 family mcmornblc not only for its rcpn-scnlw
lions, but for its lmllvidual and collcclivc Iwrsonalilics
built around its striking ccnlrnl iigurc, (‘upluin John
Mark. William Lyon I’hclps rnnkcd this lirsl uovcl
us “(mo of lhc livc bcst Alill‘l‘lciiil uovcls ol' lusl your.”

“Hccond Growth” dcnls wilh lhc youngcr Alill'kn who
cnrrlcd inlo throbbing industrial dcvclopnn-nls of
Michigan, in dranmlic chnplcr in what \Yilllnm ,\llcn
\Ybllo has cnllcd “. . a pull of lhc social ()dysscy
oi’ Ann~ricn." Although it is still Mark’s shrcwd
policy lhnl dircclcd lhc fumin ucllvilics, lhc major
lnlcrcsl oi’ lhc slory is his no longcr. ‘ll bclougs to
lhc chlldrcn who huvc sprung up around him, mum-rods
and slig‘hlci' of slulurc, likc sccond growth timbcr
around a singlc rcmnining lrcc from tho virgin l’orl-sl.’

Mr. l’ound, in pcrhnps knowing lln' soiling loo wcll,
and in nllcmpling lo covcr loo largo a front of mull-rial,
Imlh scnlimcnlnl and cconom'n- in churm'lcr, has l'aihul
lo cut a straight pnlh; ll hicks cohcrcm-c :nnl sccms lo
bc morc likc a group of loom-ly I'clulcd nllii‘ll‘n, ll»
nppcnling and rcnlisllc clmrnclcrlzulions logclhcr wilh
ils cxposillon and i‘iiilhllll'l'ilbll' dcluil givc it n \ilnllly
ol‘ its own.

.\lr. l’ound, occasionally wnudcring In his pbilosophics
closcly councclcd wilh lhc l-conomic dcvclopmcnh ol'
lhc pnsi dccndc in Amcrica, again mnlo-s his obsccvn
lion by saying: "\thn you think, you clmsc around in
circles. \\'cll, lhc circle was lhc pcrl'w'! l'lu'm, lhc cnlily
solf-conlnincd and beautifully sci apart from all clsc.
'l'hc spin-w, lnllnilc cli'clcs ordcrly nrl'ungml around a
conunou ccnlcr, was liod‘s nnswcr to chaos. A wisc
man should bchold lhc sphcrcs and particularly, slucc
time is short and vision impcrt'ccl, this onc hc ll'i‘iltls,”
llowcvcr it is only on rare occasions that lhc nulbor
strays from rcul dinioguc, churnctcrlzallom, and Inn-m
lions in profound thought.

“A cobwcb of hope swaying in lhc wind ln-tnccn
cnrth and lu-nvcu—~~u’lmt (‘liit‘ is thcrc for man lo climb 3"

Enthusiastic Audience Acclaims
Ruth Draper As a Monologist

 

COMMUNICATION

Editor STATE Common News:

Recently you printed a letter from
a “disgusted member of the Lion
board” berating the [non for its
attitude towards sorority ruslung.

The Lion is, and has always been
intended as, a humor magazmc, and
not as an editorial l'llCCIlﬂlllSlll to
“expose” and condemn .nny par-
ticular phase of college life which
does not happen to please its cluct
executives. We are cndcavormg to
keep it a. humor magazine, not a
scandal sheet.

The petition referred to was a very
reasonable request, not a demand——
a request that we delay our issue a
few days. It was signed by fourteen
sorority presidents. The reason given
for the absence of one signature was

 

 

 

that the president could not 'bc.
reached in time. Before and alter
the presentation of tho pctition.

sororities had expressed their hopes
that the Lion wait until after rush-
ing. if a group of loading seniors
believe that harmful cll'ccts nnght
result from an issue of the Lion be-
fore rushing, why should the [non
hesitate to delay its issue a week or
ten days. its humor should be just
as timely and very little diil'crcnco
will be made in any other considcr-
ations, as we have dclinitcly deter-
mined.

As to the letter sent in by a dis-
gusted Lion board member,” it is
inaccurate, prejudiced, and in bad
form. The vote was seven opposcd
to delaying the issue, with the other
ton in favor. ills altitudc towards
the petition shows clearly that he
misundcrstands lhc position taken
by Jntcrsorority council. As to the
possibility of inilucncing lhc t'rcsh-
mcn, a thing he declares impossible,
the editor of one “general panning”
issue was paid afterward by a sorority
which had dciinitcly bcnclitcd,
although he had lricd to bc unprcju-
diccd in his view. The disgustcd
member incorrectly quotes lhc pcli-
liou, and with :1 weak, incillcicnt,
lcltcr full of misslntcmcnls, shows
himscli’ for what he is by saying hc
would abide by the decision of the
majority, and thou proceeding to
sprcud a division of opinion bcl'orc
the general public.

(I

Lion board business has always
bccn Lion boa rd busilwss, and not
a thing to be pluccd bct'orc lhc

gcncral public. li’ lhc author of thc

 

Icltcr is so loyal to the Lion, and
willing to abidc by its majority dc-

 

cisiou, as ho hypm-rilicully slalcs,
lhcrc would bc no rcuson for his
attack undcr covcr of u svmpnlhv

sccklng \vhimpcr.
lililil‘llt’l‘ lu'.

 

lil'le'il,)Il”l‘, I
('o-l'lillloi‘, /.Ioo ‘

 

lGREClAN GAMBOLS;

 

\\1lh formal rushing in full swing,
many alums gully \u-ndcd lln-ir \\a\
lo lln- sororin douilcilcs. l’hi Ili'llil
wolcoun-d lam-Ila Lloyd, 'L‘ll, .lcnn
( rcdlc, ’-'l:.‘, and Mrs. H. licmisc, 'JH,‘
.\l A. l‘l. l‘hi nc Iind l“lorcncc .\|ur\,
’3“, Sara liruudcrs, ’llL’, Marcia (lold
man and I'ivclyn lirm-nln-rg, Pill‘m ol'
' llihla lloohln-lm, 'IH, l“lorcncc
l-Illcn, Ilosc Ilillil'll-ylli, licrlhu Frost,
and lhc-mic lluriman, class oI 'llﬂ: at
liclln ()incga. llulh \chclock, "in,
and .\l|‘.~a. Alicc linml, 'Ill; and :11
Alpha lihl), I\'llll\‘ Allll'bl'll, lii'll\
Hit-ch', and Doris anl'cl', l'IHhh ol' ﬁll
and llclly Hlnusou and Humor 'l'cn‘
bind, class of 'Iio, llummu l'hi Sigma

.,.,
n.1,

nnnounccs ilml lh-Ily llclnnm and
llnrriI-l Illlliiil“, lmlli ol' ’ll‘l. and
llclcn llonuhln- and His. \Ylllinm
Hull‘l, class of 'iiJ, \\I|‘1' \\i'|‘k4'||il
g‘lll'slh.

ngnm Alpha uclcoml-s into l'oruml
mcmln-rship Yi‘llilil \Yallc, 'iill, Hm

l'uldwcll and Louisc Hmllh, lllliiiih.
and Hophlc \Yolzok, 'th.
l‘lln l‘hl unnounccs lln' cngagcmcnl

of Moria“ Hll'I-ll', ’23“. lo Munhw
llrnws ol' Hl'lll'ilt‘l'lllll‘L I ,

Kappa llcllu uclcoun-s inlo hon
orary lin'lnln-i'nbip Ali's, \Ylnil‘rcd

.\lunroc. I

And hcrc arc Inol'c \\H'I( l’lllI rm-st. l
At no" mu. Alili'gal'cl main“:
garcl leoug, nnd Mrs, liuckwnll all
of thc class of ‘llfi, ncrc culcrtnhicd-
nt l'lpsilou licla l'hl, liladvs .‘\'c\vcll‘:
’25), and 'l‘arisn McNaugbldn, ’51.”): al

 

l‘si (lam, l'ldnn l"clnncl "ii- ‘
t ' t . .v . and at
Ix, l)., Lilhnn l'nyuc, 'Jiﬁ.

‘ runry
Iconl'crcnw In

Enthusiasts of the drama, both of
State college and of the Albany area,
were privileged to see Ruth Draper
present her program of monologues
Wednesday, February 5, in the Page
hnll auditorium. Miss Draper, who
is of national and international repute
in this art of the stage, was enthusi-
astically received by her capacity
audience, and with only the aid of
costumes and the simplest furniture,
created and enacted a number of situ-
ntions, both comedy and tragedy,
varying from scenes of Irish life in

Kerry, to the table talk of tho
matrons of Park avenue.
Her initial presentation, ‘ ‘ The

Opening of the Bazaar,” revealed her
as the village booster, and her excep-
tional ability with gestures and rapid
change of attention, created for her
audience a setting complete in detail
:md rcplctc with spectators of cvcry
sort. Voice intonations secured a
conception of distance to the listener.

“In County Kerry,” hcr sccoud
act, was equally impressive and her
conunund of the Irish broguc uscd
with hcr skill of presentation of the
previous act, conirilnlted much to its
cit'cctivcncss.

’l‘hc fads nnd i'nncics of lhc diclury
world wcrc hcr topic of convcrsulion
in hcr ncxt. presentation, “Doctors.”
With hcr inmginul'y companions, she
providcd a banquet of diclury dcli-
cacics, and her tablc talk, rcplctc with
humor and devoid of scientiﬁc basis,
portraycd the typical diimcr party of
lhc socially clitc of ’urk uvcnuc on a
dictary “sprcc.”

As the tragcdy of thc cvcning, shc
cnncicd n sccnc in a mining town ol’
thc frontier. ()pprcsscd by a drunkcu
husband, and di'ivcn to despair by
poverty, hcr nnmologuc crwtcd an at-
mosphere cxccplimlally vivid and of
striking human appeal. In lhc sccond
part of the tragedy, it i'iscs lo a pcak
at tho end with her i’rcnzicd dcpiclion
of u pithcad sccnc :Ii’lcr u cuvc-in
with her husband as onc oi" l’hosu
cluiincd by the “black dump.”

In hcr iinnl presentation shc
achicvcd a selling in an llalian
church, and in turn shc ilnln-rsonutcd
artists, cxcursionisis, nativcs, bc 'g’ars,
and worshippers in lhcir visits to lhc
church. The rculism oi’ lhcsc was
ungmcnlcd by costumcs and hcr por-
i'ccl command of lhc lunguagcs oi' lhc
chnrnclm's portrayed.

Miss llrapcr’s program was orig-
inal from script to costumcs. llcr
ability in changing hcr nllcnlions and
charm-lcrizulion was a now and un-
i'ul'homcd typo of drama for State's
slagc. Sludcnl opinion ranks hcv ap-
pcm'uncc among lhc most scnsnlionul
production of tho Dramatics and Ari.
nssociulion nl Slnlc collcg‘t

Mary Lam Gives
Play at Delmar

.\l:u'y Lam’s Advanccd lirulnnlics
lll'l'<t'lllillliili ol' .\'ovcmln-r .7, a law
lastic drama about an old man who
had lost lhc snow of limb, \\‘:l~. pro
illlcwl wilh lhc original czul ul lhc
llclhlclnuu ('cnli'ul school, lh-llnal',

‘on Monday nighl.

'l'hc c:st l'or lhc play includcd;
.lohn liills, ’55; Hugh Norton and
.\larjo|‘ic \\'hculou, scniors; Alicc Al-
lard, 'IiT; \Yili'l‘t'li llcnsmorc. ’3“:
and liurl chw, ’11”. liol‘olhy
\\'hylc, ’ilti, hll|u'l‘\'lxl'1l mnhc up for
Monday’s production, and llulph Yun
llorn, 2:7, was in clnn'gc of scis and
lighls.

'l'ln- 'll'tllllli'i'l‘, nn-mbcrs of tho cusl,
and assistants \\'t‘l’l' cnlcrluim'll a! lhc
hunn- of Dr. Howard A. l)olh-|l, pro
l'cswr ol' mulhcmulics, i'olloning lhl'
prcsq-Iulnlion.

Y.W.C.A. Chooses

Council Delegates

'I'lo- Young \\'onn-n’s l'hrisliun us
socialion is sn-nlliug ('bl'islinc llI'l‘
~|nmcr and Joan l'.'ulgcumboI wpho
morn-s, as lh-h'gnlcs lo lhc Ncn Yol'lf
Hlalc Youth conl’cycm'l- which in
bciilg l'UiltIllt'li'iI ul Hoclll'slcr I"cb
L‘l 'l'ln- lhcmc ol' lhc
H “ Yolilll Alon-s on
lowm‘d n (‘ln'lslinn \Yorld.”

'l‘bc main discussion groups nrc “A
.l’rogram oi' l‘crsonul llt'liglulln‘ l.i\
lug,” ‘f'l'hc (‘i'culiou of a (‘hrisllnn
I‘p‘onol'nlc Urdcr,” “liuilding an
l'mdurmg l'cucc,” “Building a l‘ln'is-
liun llomc.“ “llrcnkiug liown lial“
i'n-I's liclwccn linccs,” nml "l’l'm'bl'
mg n ('onstrmdivc l'so ol’ ln-lsuro
’l‘bnc,”

nl‘l
...:,

In

