 

 

Page 2

’ State College News
scammed by the ma or me

he 13de smother at New York State
College for Teachers

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 28, 1936

IT SHOULD BE PASSED

An act before the state legislature worthy of atten-
tion by State students is one which would, if passed,
double both the nmnber of scholarships and the value
{of each. This act, to become effective July 1, 1937, will

.. .mmmwma .

 

THE NEWS BOARD
Ian D. Ennis.......................Ed£lorvin»6hief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 24314
Emu A.  Editor
Beam can mdlson Avenue, 2m
Guam 3!.  ......Amcs’ate Editor
Edward D. Potter Grimm nurlo Street. 2-0424
 New: Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 S. Lake Avenue, 24314

mm  New Editor
Edward I. P rm Club. ll Ontario Street. 2-042!

'6

vii-mm  New Banal

Alumni ileum mu, 221 Ontario Street. 3—9181

Gum."  Manger
Gamma Kappa Phi, a Quail Street. 2-4144

Joan  Barium Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 24314

208 Western Avenue. 4-5087

Amciate Baring: Manager

gnot, to be sure, aid any of the present holders, but
E should be of value to those who will be in active practice
gnert year as a goal toward which they might guide
l their pupils.

 Any measure to further education or to aid an indi-
Evidual secure higher learning is worthy of the attention
Sand support of State students. A fair proportion of all
gtour classes isrcnjoying the beneﬁts of such state aid.
'They, above all. can imagine what the value of a schol-
arship twice the usual amount would be.

3 There seems to be no trouble in appropriating money
for political investigations, useless surveys, and party
lpositiomz. f these can gran“ larger with each passing
‘year, surely there can be little argument as to why
,educational ﬁnances cannot pace the issue unless com-
‘plete indifference on the people’s part permits political
lpartics to wrangle away a hundred days each year- in
 the state capitol over minor issues. It may mean bread
rand butter to them but it also means the same to those
active in public education today. Is it the survival of
 the ﬁttest or share and share alike?

 

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroars Eonons
Snows Emma: Frank J. Hardmeyer, ’35

Somonoaz Dzsx Enrrozs
Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona YanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Bananas

Rosella Agoxtlne. Phylllr Bosworth, Loret
Callrinr, Hulda maroon, Ruth
Ruth Gillespie. Marie Geesler, Story Hudson.
Kalbau 1), Margaret Woodrnlf. seniors: Alice Barrows.
Helen lyde, Isabel Daﬁdge. Elizabeth Cowling, Eltrieda
Hunt. Elizabeth Herr. Joan Kaplan. Ethel Keshner. Mary
Lam. Robert mrglson. nary Plank. Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye. Juniors: Berry Appledoorn, Bose Berkowitz.
Mildred Bodln, Anne Burr. Frances Cahlll. Helen Callenlur,
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox. Alveua Belong. Antoinette
Don Vito Elizabeth Drlscoll. Jeanne Edgcumbe. Ruth Frost.
Ella tham, Merriam Gould. Marlene Jobson.

ta Buckley. Elsa
Aubrey

Mary McClung, Lillian Masher. Both
ullen. Helen Olskl. Theresa Palmer, Mae Bosenbeck.
Adelaide Schmld, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy, Muriel
Stewart, Ruth Thompson. Liar; Tobin. sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssociuled Collegiate Press

Disrri butor of
Collegiate DiSest

Prism nr Born anxrmo 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

glosephlne Maurice.

Vol.  So. 15 February 23, 1936 Albany, :v.
STATE. THE IIUST

State college will be given its opportunity this spring
to be the ideal host in the regional convention of the

National Student Federation of America to be conducted v

in Albany. The convention, a product of the national

meeting, will bring representatives from more than.

twenty colleges here at that time.

It will be one of the most opportune times to make:

the name of State known along thr: Atlantic seaboard
for hospitality and progressivcnc‘ia in college activities.
The affair will require much planning and work to make
arrangements complete for a successful program. Those
in charge will need all the cooperation that can be ex-

tended by the organizations and students or" the collegei

The administration has placid the facilities of the build»
lugs at tln- disposal of the convention. So much for a
beginning.

However, unlciss tbcrc is an upturn in studcnt intern-st,
l! is evident that littlc of the busincss and rliecussions
will be participated in by State students.
tunin can be brought no closer to the student body than
at this time. A similar chance for activity in inter-
collegiate all'airs uruloubtcdly will not occur again while
any of the present students remain in college.

Ulhcr colleges literally “grab” at these chances to‘

act the host, and make tremendous 8110681503 of them.
Let State go to the fore this time and put on a conven-

tion equal to any sponsored by other liberal arty, college: I

and universities. Cooperation by all will accomplish this.

 

ASSISTANCE Xl'll‘llll-II)

A determined effort to revise tbc prcwnt point system
is now under way by the Point Systcm licvis'ion Com-
mittee. Those who now hold Home ofﬁce have already
rcccivcd a (plentionnairc asking for tbcir opinions of the
activities and the worth of their particular omccﬂ.

This action of basing the value of a position on the,

amount of work it requires instead of the prt'ktigl: that
goon with it will do much to make the cynic-m more scnsl-
ble and effective. Many of the lower ofﬁce“: that do not.
carry the title of the higher pouitimm entail considerably
more work but fewer points. It in pomdblc for a student
to load himself up with extra-curricular affairs that will
dcﬁnitely work a hardship on him and his collcgc work.

To those who have received the questionnaire is sent
an appeal to cooperate with the Committee in its re-
search work by promptly banding in their answers. It
is hoped that. a revised mzbcrlulc may be presented to
the student associntlorr for adoption and nppmvul before
Easter, but before any strictly fair and unbiased table
can be compiled, the opinions of the nﬂlcc-lmlllcrn must
be rccelred.

It is essential for next year's student council to have
this revised system by Moving-up Day it it is to take
immediate action on DmW'llOldflﬂ. Delayed action this
year has only further proven the llleffcctivcncas of the
present system.

An article contalnln additional information of the
outlvlttea at the Comml tee and the content of the ques-
tlouualre will be found elsewhere in this issue of the
News.

Edmunds, Jacqueline Email

Phyllis ;
Iobson, Rare Kurkhlll, Charlotte lemao, Jean Lichensteln,‘

Y. I

The oppor- ‘

 A Poet Has His Fun

 

 

 

 

GMU.

(For Sale or Rent in the Co-op}

Bay Window Ballads, by David McCord: drawings by.»
New York: Charles Scrib-y

JJohn Lavalle. 118 pages.
gnor’s Sons. $2.50.
The book is a collection of Mr. McCord-‘s lively poems

gwrittcn from 1923 to 193:3. Many of these light verses

have appeared in magazines, including New Yorker, At- -

glaniic Monthly, Saturday Bﬂ‘léu.‘ of Literature, and

'Hemld Tribune. McCord has an insight and 9. humor
;all his own. To quote Cntermeyer, “he not only com-
§binc§ out fuses light verse and profound poczrv.“
The generous number of single line cartoon. by John
i Lavalle add singly to the charm of the book. Lavalle,
 nationally known portrait painter, has caricatured ti;
g{ample as if in constant action. and  illustrations
iansuse the reader as much as the poems themselves.
Included in his group. “Parodies and Punctures,

 

 

l!

  

 

Ala-Cord has. sensed something—~perhaps from ' e‘ e
“lays at Plazt..burg and at Harvard in Mil—and anti le

l . . l I
this lyric “Baccalaureate”:
Summa is i-curm-n in.

Laude sing I "u!

 

Laddcs rcde and v-lassa- icde.
Professor bemctli tu—

Sing cuccu!
Scholour strivetb :1 cr aye,

 
 

lllcteth after :l
Write thesctb, bonourc scazeth.

Blurb: cu-mul

 

(fur-cu, cuccu,  5 A. iauccu;
Ne ﬁunkc thu n nu
Sing cuccu. nu.  .g cuccu:

Sing (-uccu. l’hye llctta Cappc. nu!

 

 

n w

The grouping; in
"‘Indian Sbcuf" mysthts. ~
«cries of sitclcbcs on “mm-n who take up
“Kitchen Cantos, “Sonnet Sequins": zlnal parody
land satire ranging from “Edward Lcur un-l linbu;
luth" to "A Strapshirc Lad."

With his ability to play upon words. in sound and
moaning. bin-Cord is scldom scrious. Yet even some of
l.i-' swriouu part, is practically (ls fin". lie handles al-
most any form of " ;.: with grvnt rklll. Fri-u. a more
jutting of his pcn-il I'Olllt“. this. mfilb-d "Actor":

lay Win-"luv: lallads also include
“\l'omcn‘: Auxiliary." a

ll

 

1

. asf too true.
lle forgot his r'uc:
.‘ln-l  despite gn-m prim-rs.
llnvi- I'urghltvn mus.
.‘xl':(.'ortl’-5 v-rrsl: .5 fun with l.illr.~.“lf and fun with his

iformulaic l"‘lllll.'l'. llv x-nrnlaim-n linr of 1b..-
buumroue as vu-ll :i.~. thc ridiculous with n vb-w-r lyrical

ll 314’“ M‘

‘YUlll‘ll. llln onl} l'ault might lvc that he writcs too
easily and a little too ruui-l: pm. for run. llis bunk
dcm'rvcs tbc groan-st of prui-w and umloublwlly will

1 . . .
rank as our or Amvrica'a outstanding books of ballads.

us did lll‘. volmm: of pncms, publi-lml in 19514.

S. W.

The College Research Paper, by lJllll-i I. Jams and
William H. Hardy. Albany, C. P. Williams k Son, 19:56.

llcrc is u valuublc pnmpblct :lcvlm-d to hill in tlw cun-
structiun of the collcgc rcncnrcb pnpcr.

At Freshman camp, various inculbcrn of the faculty
rlirlcuascd tlu- inadcquucy of knowledge of tccbulquc rlis~
played by collcgc students in llu- writing of ll‘l'lll rcpurtn.

 

 

Hardy, and thcy not out to rcmcdy the matter.

«mentluln of good writing in u con-vise outlinc form. It
tln- market.

The main sections into which it is divided arc the
gnthcriug of matcrinhs, organization, rmnponition. rm:-
cbanics, and style. These sections are further aubdlvinlcd

taking, pmccdurc for organizing material, and pbynicnl
appearance of the composition, including notes on quota

rnpby. The latter
classiﬁed list of re crcnce books for general reference,
and books containing reference material for various
departments. Commerce, music, cducution, and history

which are printed thcno referent-c books. Plenty or? blank
spoon in available in the booklet to give ample room for
additional notes which may be given by instructors.

ctr-author‘s. The booklet is not a publication of the
ltinglinh department.

 

Mr. Louis C. Jones and Mr. William G. llurdy are

5P. P. A.’s Canning Tourer column or” the New Fort” MISS

 

STATE’S STAGE

 

 

THE STATFSMAN

 

 

 

With all due respect to the proven
talent of Miss Doria Stone, it is un-
fair that what is probably hcr
poorest play was chosen for produc-
tion on Tuesday night, before some
of the others she has written.

The most marked deﬁciency of
After the Seance is a lack of real,
clearcut characters. The lines make
logical conversation, but do not
build living characters. The speeches
lack variety in mood and, at the
climax, fail utterly in carrying any
signiﬁcance. In fact, the play as a
whole, after the entrance of the
cockncy postman, is completely lack-
ing in meaning for the audience.

Faulty direction mcrcly aided in
revealing the play as the least of the
works of one of State’s most promis-
ing dramatists. There was little
variety in stage business and no life
in direction. The mood was not
tense, but dead as a result.

Acting in this play was undis-
tinguishcd with the possible exception
of Mr. Edge, who was given a
.cbaracter capable of achieving life;
; and Mr. Nordell, who did a creditable
gpic-cc of work until the bewildering
climax. when no further acting was
possible.

The setting was a good attempt
in regard to the fireplace; but in
other aspects lacked an atmosphere
‘bezitting the characters that occu-
picd it.

 

Studebakcr’s play showed
{lira-7.3011. with variety and
It was delightful, amus-
unprctentious in purpose.
alive and smoothly
giving variety and harmony
-.age pictures.

a one unfortunate mistake in
a farce is the appreciation
humor by the actors in n
obvious to the audience. This
.- major fault in the acting of
this play. Miss Kntz. in spite of

good
lll'xfr:
ing. a .
Engine-x
executed.

 

 

 

VI 3.5

 

il‘.

 

lzr‘r.’ good delivery of lines and
strriinglybuil! character. was the
worst oilendcr in this respect. But

alc- did give an efﬁcient portrayal.

'hlr. liardmeycr had half a chance to

demonstrate his capacities, and did
a good piece of work. His own
permnality was not completely sub-
mcrgc‘ all the time, but was, for
the 11:05! part. under control. llis
USA: of his bands: was inferior to the
rust of his work. They traveled
regularly to his tie, collar and pocket.

 

.. llw lliUx‘l do some scrious work soon.

culture. i

‘12! 4:15 o'clock in the Lullllgl‘ ul’ihonm' of the new mcmlu-rs.

'l‘hia scrvod as an inspiration to Mr. Jom-a and Mr._
Tim rcsult is a clear and compuct booklct giving lbc:

says more in less space than most of similar bookch on 1

and include such items as the use of the library. lltltll'.

tions, footnotes, tnblcs, maps, drawings, and the bibliog- ‘
part of the booklet in dcvutcd to ui

Mr. Dittnmn was spirited, but not
~urc of himself. Miss Ncllmch is :1
nm-..-..mcr in our stage who was con-
viin-ing with what material sht- had.

A: a general criticism of the cm-
ning.~wc were very pleasantly {unused
the second play and “'0 rcgrct

the first was not a more

choice of the plays which
can“? from th-- pen of Miss

by
llLIll
llllililv
have
Slum.

l’l..\ Yllt'HCR

 

FRATERNITY TO MEET
Kuppu Phi Kappa. national mlu-
culinnnl fruit-inity, will conduct :1

for- ,

 

Everyone seems to have survived
the busy \vcekcnd despite the prom,
tca dance, and sorority initiations.
The faculty seemed to enjoy them-
selves at Tea Dance, didn’t they, Mr.
Jones? Indeed—good orchestra, good
crowd, and—punch. Prom
queen was a surprise, of course—
nlso the picture of Rea and her
attendants. . . A conspicuous
foreign male element was present as

. But then, it was too
nd Pharmacy Proms
conﬂicted. Conspicuous by their
absence from the Prom were Ban-
croft, Dick )largison, Carlson, and
l-Idmunds. Another Potter pin has
fallen Ungcrcr the spell. The tavern
seems to hold Kcndrick’s to a nose
and nose race lately. . We
saw the snow train arrived on time
Saturday afternoon . . . and then
there’s always the HTBF dope. We
State mcn sort of like the prospect
of these Leap year dances. . . .
It’ll be good to have a date with
pockets empty . . house rules
ought to be changed, the more time
to take us home, and—the more time
for the girls to get their untried nd-
vnnccs to working. . . Along
this llllt- we just heard of a date of
two year’s standing. and also there's
Voan and Karl, and Dunn and
Elinor.

Not so much cigarette bummng
we hope since Lent has arrivml .
was “Julie Logan” a vampire:
the junior banner seemed somcwhnt
stretched since its last appearance

a new ‘7’ too in the numerals
. and we see the dean was in
town playing his old hobbies over
the weekend and then sht-
stocl away and said boo-ray to all
her friends, \votta girl. . . And
as a parting shot my gowl fellows.
stay out of those dark corners to-
morrow night lost some designing
bit of femininity catch you unmvnrcs.

Till“. MAN OF STATE

. . .

usua. .
bad the RPI a

 

'GRECIAN GAMBOLSI

Junior week-end took the sorority
gills out of their houses. and so things
were very quiet. But Alpha lipsilun
Phi did receive into pledge member-
ship llcnriettu llnlbreich, ’39. And
Alpha Rho did quite \ch1. to any tlw
least, what with six new pledges—-

 

\‘iviun Salisbury, ’38, and Leah
Mckccl, Kathryn L) ’Bricn. Janet
Russell, Lucille Alcsszmdrini. and

Hope Sweet, freshmen.

Delta Omcgn welcomed into full
mcnilm'ship Elizabeth .‘lppcldnurn,
’38, and (intro (‘ustigliont- llllll llnris

l’nlnn-r, l'ri-slnncn. And l\':ithcrinc
.‘ulnms. Virginia \\'cgcncr, Doris
(l'llzu'c, Murgurct Horn, Mildrvd
Mosh-r, and Elizabeth ()strmn. :1“
'3901's \vcru l'wr-luwl lllln plmlgc
membership.

The alums nl’ l’si linnmm mum

business meeting Tuesday :lr'tcrmmnllln-uugb Inst Sunday “ith ll ll'n in

Mrs.

Richardson ball. according to l)1l\'l'l:.\(l:llll Wnlkor llllrl .\Ii~'.~' .\l:ilu-l 'l‘ul-

Rum-rs, 'llli, pmibm.
\vill bc I-lcclcd at this tllm'.

New Inc-an I's . Inndgv poured.

.\llll llmt's :lll lllc

gnmlmlinu tho (il'm'lzllh «lid.

Sayles Challenges Criticism
In Secondary School Address

“Schools nrl- knmvn by our patrons
in Hm Whys'. lly llw Int-morle nl“
llw wimbl which they :lllcmlml and
by ubwnulimi of HM,- school in llll‘ll'
mum-vlinlu m-ighlmrlimul which “my
lll‘l]! support by tlu-ir lull-rest :md
luxm". introducing um- of tho Ill-y
spin-chm in this Illllllllt‘l' .‘ll Hm .\':I
lit-mil l'lvluvnliun ('(llu'l‘llllull Inwting
‘in SI. lmuis this “‘t't'k, Professor John
.\1. Snylcn, principal of Mlluv nml
director of training, told his nudivum-
of cducutora that “our st‘lumln :m-
‘ulwuys an object of chullungv and
‘criticism. ' ‘

In his lllltlﬂ'h‘b on “Thu llvnpunsi
bililv of the Principal and 'l‘vncbvl
,for l'rcnliug l‘ubliv (‘unlhlvucc in NW
High School uml its l’rngrmn".
.Mr. Snylcs puintcvl out that Hilllll'lllx
‘full in lbroc groups, “the nulum-rgml
thirty pcr com, with both nwnlnl mul

physical (liilli'ulllvn ’ ’, tlw “llll'gt'
middle group”, and Hllll‘ nu-ulnl
gifted ’ ', In bin t-st inmiion, Mr.

iliuylcs cormidcl'ml llml English, suclul

- . - A l . .
(Llumcn at random) are {our of the departments under Mum”, hm,th "ml guldmm, “w H“,

lfour ﬁelds which “dwolop nu umlnr-
[standing person socially conscious,
inf good health. and properly lll'
hwlml,“ thus giving nu added in-
wrest to “an cnlnrgml public mull
llt'lll'l' mu] support ’ ’.

 

 

lit-guiding guidnnm- as ":1 recent
visitor in tho curriculum ilchl," l’ro-

l'cssnr Huylvs lllllllllllllll'll [but it is
":1 faculty obligation". and n prin-
cipal. in pursuit ut’ Ibo “uulcmm'a
dovclnpml by sympathy. understand-
ing, uml wisdom in child growth",
must cslulvlish «lusirublc n-lntiuns
with pnrvnla ln “ilirm-lly interpret
his school it) his pull‘ous."

"’l‘lu- principal und his h-m'lu-rs
IllllHl mill llwmsclvos me \vurllnvhilo
pmva in tho cmmuunily”. 'l‘hus,
Mr. Suylos emphasized that "lhcir
inllucncc i’llll nmko itsvll’ fell through
church, clubs, and organizmiuns lic-
ymul lho walls of tho school, und
dcnmnalrulv tin-ruby their desirc to
cruntu u bulln'r v‘llllllllllllll) because of
their having ll\'l‘(l in it.”

Hlmiumrlzlug lhu tanks mntrontlug
u lll'lllt’llllll and his slull’, l'rut'csaor
Baylor; cuncludud his speech in tho t‘tlll'
colors with the thought that, "A
school should provide opportunities for
uhlldrcn logruw nulurully und strongly
in tho Holds 01' their talents and iil~
lcruntn: muslunl wuichl’ulncss inust
slimululv lhu right tuudcncics which
n child vxprcssca. und provldu oppor-
tunity for beneﬁcial expansion."

