 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1936

 

'Page a

 

Second Semester
Teaching Begins

:Seniors And Graduate Students
Take Up Practice Duties
In Milne School

 

Seniors iind graduate students who
are to teach the second semester in
Milne High school have already taken
up their duties this week. Those
who are teaching and the hours at
which they teach are as follows:

8:05 o‘clock: 7th year general science,
lrwtn Esiiioiid; 7th year mathematics,
Laura Hendricks: 8th year social
science, Norma Taylor and Frances
Brcen; Sth your general scleiicc, lrwin
Esinonii: 8th year English, Augusta
Katy. and .ioiiii Riiltson; Latin 1, Elsa
L‘alkins: ltlology, George Montgomery;
tith your social science, Fred l’nrrott;
tlt’h your English, William Schulz; tltii
year general science. Angelo Zannieri;
Latin ll, Regina Barrett and i.n\'oiiiie

Kelsey; English it, iluidah Chissen
and Ruth Mai-key; l“l't'ill‘ll i. Einina
i\lead: French ii, Jeanne Lattociiuc;
plane geometry, (ileiiii i'ngerer; his—
tory ii. .\iiir|oii liowiinin and (‘hurlotte
itockow: it'l'l'lll'li ill. Emma Rogers:
coiuiiiercli’ii law. iiiiiah i\’upp: inter-
mediate iiigcliru. Lllie .\iac Maloney:
physics. ituvid Rogers: typewi'lling,

liorotiiy Lee: English i\'. l“i‘lll|li iiurd-
inever.

0:05 o'clock: 7th year mathematics.
Mildred Hhuitcs: 7th year English,
(it'ilt‘Vlt'i't‘ iloliiies: 7th year social
science. .\l|ltoii Sehwehel: 'i'lli your
general science, Joseph liiirris: h’lli
year iiiiitiieniatics. lttodwyii Evans; Htii
year English. lioris t'oltlii; Htii year
social sch-nee, iioi-is Riiird: sth year
general science. .loscpli ilari'ls: tllh

year social science, Elhridgc Smith;
English i, lioi-ls Stone and Nelle
Schmidt: Latin i. .\iai'y Lourdes
Murphy, .luiiii .\ierclninl, and Edith
lii'iiiidaize: eieiiientary nigchra. iieicii
Lotti: French 1, Marie (:eesier: hook-

keopliig i. t‘iirolyii Vltltlltl; English ll,
iielciic “t‘t't'lll'i‘ and Lois Wrighter;
history A, Rose White and l‘atlicrine
i'aris: Fl't'ilt'll i, ‘Elizahetii iiohhic;
l"l't'llt'll ii. .\ltll'_lot'le \\’heiitoii: piiiiie
geometry. Eli-en liiiriiell: advanced
shorthand. Laura i\lllylltll'lli English
iii. Mary iludson and William Mackey;
history (‘, \'croiilca i'eti'uska and Vera
Slilnners; physics laboratory. llll\'l(l
Rogers: interiiicdliite algebra, Richard
’I'. ituheoek; English l\', .lcuiiiie Les-
iilek: Latin i\'. L. A. Johnson.

iti:ti.'i o'clock: 'i'lli ycnr general scl-
cncc. \‘ineeiit itoyie: Tlh year iiinthe~
niatics. (truce Sheldon: 7th year Em:-
Iish. llelen l’etei'soii: 7th year social
sch-nee. Evelyn i’ekliis and Marion
tl‘.\'cili: Htii year general science, \'lii-

ceiit lioyle: Nth year iiuitiietniitlcs,
Llllliin lilskin: Htii yeiii‘ ii‘rench. liar-
hiirn l'iurk: hth ,veiir junior business
training, i’Iiyltls lii'tisslllllll: Slit year
Liitiii. .lcaiiiie Humphrey: English L
Martin llwycr and Dorothy Walker;
Liitlii i. Mildred lieslcr: French l.
Maria Shin-key; eieiiicnliiry iiigchrii,
iliivld .\lc.\iiiicii: elementary business

training. l'eg l“lllllli.’i|li: li‘reiich l
.leiin i\'err; Liiliii ii. ll. Lansing Mace:
history A, itutli (tillespy: biology, illtli
year, Ruth E. ltaird and Miriam (,‘otl-
tniit: shorthand l. Leonard Welter:
i-‘reiich ll. lttlhert 'l‘iiek: plane ire-
oiiietry, iiurold ii‘oi'lics: English ill.
t‘eett Walker: history t‘, Evelyn l‘liii'k
iiiid t'iiirenee Sui-key; chemistry. llonalil
ilnihlicston liltll iteuJiimlu ii‘luer.

[2:05 o'clock: 7th veiil' social sci
eiicc. itoris iiiimnicrslcy and Harriet
’t‘hoiiipsoii: Ttii year general science.
\\'ii|luee it‘liick: Htli your English. .
i\'niic: Nth general science. -
lace ch yeiir inullieiiuilles.
liorolliy Hodges and Esther l'urlsoii:
biology. Alice itltlei': English lien-
sou l'nrllu: tliii year socln
.luliies lievliii and Larry lliivts: “I'I'llt‘ll
l. ltliii i\'reiizer: Littln ll, Elizulietli
iiiivls: history Eleanor Andrews
and Roth .\'|ckersoii: eoiuincrclul
lll'llltlilt'llt'. iloiiiliilck Hecrra: English
i llt'll'li ti'lti'lcn and Anne ltlnvlii:
pliiiii- geometry. ttcoi'ge .leiiklns: Eng
Iish ill. .\lni'y .\Iurk|niiii and \'i-rii ’i‘cr
penning: l.iilii. .\l:irioii ’l‘yincsoii
history l~‘ruiik t‘oiisius. and II.
\\'ulsoii. piiiiii- trlgoiioiuetry.
Hhiilieii: liiteriiiedlnlc illL'l'ltl'il.
l’i-lel's" i'lti'lttlsli‘y. li. llllli'llln'elt.
l'iirlsoii. .\llcii Lewis. and
’I‘ueedy: Enulish i\'. \iui'uiirel
iiliil ltleltitl'il lilittii'ltill'd.

Iztifi o'clock: Tlli year Eiiullsli. \luhcl
\lciaiiiahllii: 'i'lh .\l'ill' sot-iii! science.
\ai'v .\lnc|ionuli|‘ 7th year lllllllit'lilllllt".
llt'i‘lll'lt't' lievesh: Tlli your English.
Luis l'nllcr: th your Latin, lioroiliy
lltllci' and ttludys .\rnislt'oiiu
I'Iiinllsli. .\l||
u‘ycl." Silt ,\i‘lll' social sch-nee. .Iolin
ltiii'iis. elementary iiluclirii. ltuth Kirk
luoit ulgi-lii'u. (trace .\li-l'|iiri-ii: tiiotocv.
’t'lioinas illdcr: general M‘lt‘ltt'i', (it'til'dt'
ltiiiii-i'ot'l' typeu‘i'llliic. l'illllltil'tt

   

l',

liosu
l‘lilllti
l‘uiil
tout-s

Rosi-

lll‘illil'\ .\, i.iicllii \\'ci'siii' English II
l-Itiznln-tli Whitman and .N'ylihi i'iercc
lllsliil't it. t'nrol Hill and Harlan \l.-
llll'l'lli‘\" lllitlii' gi-oiiicti'i. Iteulinild
\'o~hiii;:li ' uovulieeil bookkeeping. lllilll
l’l'llli\ |'IIi::ll-«|i Ill. llcleli When and
\‘ir-ciiiiii \lun,\ lv‘reiicli li. Illltl itiili'c
|-'i'cncli lit, .\l|lit' .lohiison plush-s

ticiilanilii i\nlliei': English i\'. liel‘tlldllte
\Ii-Nei'iii-i illtll .li-lllt Itol'uhucli pli_\sin
Iiilioi-ntoi'y llcnlauiiii Rollo-r

Women to Hear
Overstreet Speak

llt'. ()Yt'lh'll't't'l, lltilt'd

ltisoplii‘t‘,

llsii'i'j
uill

plil
l'agc hull
lllllllltll'lllltl oll 'l‘hui'sduy night, l"eli

lecture in

ruiii'y 27. Dr. ()vcrstrect’s app-'an
niicc is secured through the . ""' "ts ot’
the Association ot’ American l'iiivcr

sity Women. The topic ot’ his talk
will he “What We (live to (hirsclres
as Human lteings,”

Students who wish to attend lllt'
lecture may do so hy presentingr their
student tii.\' tickets for admission.

 

SPORT SHOTS

 

 

\\'lllliiiu.

\ih icui',
drcil lirover and Irene ’l‘eii .

t

‘lllt'

 

 

 

Alas! alas! the hour of retribu-
tion is at hand. The past, present,
and future sins of State college

basketball to be atoned for on the
Syracuse court this Saturday.

Woe are we. Syracuse has a fair
team. or course they’ve lost a
game,——to Notre Dame, a mediocre
squad that merely dropped N. Y. U.
last week. True the Syracuse record
is impressive. They only hold vic-
tories over Colgate, Cornell, Penn,
etc.

Whoever scheduled that game, for
us deserves no sleep for the next
twenty years. And yet, there is
this. To wit,-—we’ve all seen this
State oultit drop games to poor teams
this year. At times they’ve looked
lt‘l'l’llilt'. Awful!

In our editorial heart, we see no
hope for them Saturday. But we '6
still like to see the game. Scrappers
like Bancroft, Welter, and company

can be worth seeing even while
they’re losing. Allah be with you,
gentlemen!

63 New Students
Secure Entrance
For Spring Term

Approximately sixty new students
have entered college for the spring
semester. College graduates, normal
school graduates, transfers, readmis-
sioiis, and new t’reslnnen are included
in the aggregation.

'i‘lie. g'aduatc students are: Ralph
Altman, Elizabeth Chamberlin, Arthur
l‘lint'ham, i\lrs. Lucile l“. ('Iiarlcs,
llarry t'lirystie, Ward S. Donner,
l“-ain-is i.. lnnicoinbe, Dorothy tith-
soii, Edward A. llcckcr, Ruth E. Jan»
sen, (lcorgc Kt‘ll‘liillll, Anne McEnroe,
.leronic Machlin, William Marquet,
Sylvia Mont, Sol Moskowitz, Maurice
()zcr, .\lrs. Sari l’t’eit't'er, Mrs. Anne
Reed, .\lrs. Eleanor l'. Ribley, Leonard
(‘. Russell, Sylvia Siiroll‘, licnry Sega],
Kathryn N. Shelters, Mrs. Dorothy
l). Sinionson, Lauren E. Smith, Clarice
.\l. 'l‘aylor, llcrhcrt (‘. Whiting, and
Eleanor \Vilkoc.

’l‘lie Normal school graduates are:
William ‘2. llrowii, l’anl .li‘. DeLisle,
Enpheniia l“t‘t'lli‘y, Claudia ii. For»
gioiic, (leiievicve Lyons, Dorothy E.
Miller, and Mary E. Reunion.

(‘ollcge transl’crs are Robert W.
Hall amt (ioorge Edward Sullivan.
(‘ollegiiilzc (‘culcr truiist'ers are: Mary
E. Riii'linghamc, Katrina llulst, irenc
Sollcld, and Lawrence Strattner.

Reiidiiiissions are: Lois l. lhiwman,
lleati'ice Rush, l“l'lilil( E. t'iird, Emma-
Lou (‘oiiistock, Fl'tlllk lliillrcscia, R.
l’ai'ker llowns, Mary L. lloiieycoiiibe,
llclcn L. Knapp, Alice R. Murray,
llope E. llogei's, llttl't'y Wood, and
William J. Zuhoii. '

The new l'rcsluncu are: lletly .\lae
Ruin-c, li‘riiiiccs l'iiiiitdny, Athena
l‘iiinniiiigs. \\'i|liiim i\'eitli, Rose .l.
Rilter, 'l'lionius (‘. Roberts, Anne
Rosenthul, .losi-pli Hcgiil. ulid ll.
l'ili/Jihelli Wheeler.

SOphomores Win
Interclass Loop

For First Half

.\l'lci- del‘eiiliug the freshmen \\'i-i|
iicsduy owning by u 137 IT scoic, the
sophomores l'oiight their way to the
championship ot' the llill‘tlltliil'lll has
lil'lltllll loop.

The sophomores emerged \icloi'ioiis
iii the tongue by a coint'oi'tnlile inar
gin ot’ games, the juniors being their
nearest rivals. 'I'Iiis giiiiii- marked llte
slli'cess‘l'lll close ot' the ﬁrst hllll' Iil'
intramural series. l'lniis ol' the
~i-conil Iiall' lltl\t' been formulated and
will go into l'itll suing very soon.

Those who saw action on the soplio
inoic team were: ’l‘rclinnoii, Lawton.
tl’llrii-ii, li’odenrys, (tnylord, Lewis,
Ililliiniii, uiid lliiyiics, 'l‘he l'resliinau
lettln \\:is cottt|iosed ot’ lllll'll, \Vtttet'
iuitn, li'oliet‘ts, l'oi'vlno, l'cpel'. 'l're
hunon nus high scorer tor the soplio
Illill'i‘\ \\l|l| Ill points. lllll'll scored
‘i liiitttls lvlll llll' l“l'tlHlt.

in another game, the jiiuiors dc
touted the sciiinis hy the score ot’ dd
:3“. ’l‘hc winning ll‘liiil was composed
ol’ Iliunoul, l‘auiphell, Varreii, .lnkcd,
Morris, and llilllllilll. 'i‘hose on tho
senior ll‘llltl were lliirdmeyer, (lllel~
Icllc, Zannieri, lli (tinia, i\'i'uiucr,
lieclier, lllnistend. lluinont tallied 17
points For the victors, and tlllnsteiid
ti points for the losers.

 

HEADS INTRAMURALS

 

 

 

 

 

’37, who

Thomas Barrington,
is president ot' the .\len’s Intra-

Allll‘lll association which was

organized last spring.

 

Silverman Heads

Contest Committee
.\ capital district typewriting ('Oli-
test will he sponsored by the S't‘w’t‘lc

l‘oi.i.i-‘.oi~: Ni-zu's and (‘oinmcrcc club on
a date tentatively set for ,lt‘i'ltllly

night, March 27. l'hairnian ot’ the
contest is Samuel Silvei'maii, ’36,
president ot’ commerce club.

The contest will consist ot’ live
classes for students ot’ high schools,
business colleges, and experienced
typists. included as one ot' the tea»

tnrcs will he ll relay speed test by
tlii'ceiiien teams. Others will he
judged on individual performance.

A small l'ce will he assessed on all
those entering the contest.

The committee assisting Silvcrinun
includes .\lr. llarrison 'l‘erwilligcr,
assistant professor of commerce,
t'iiciilty adviser: Karl Ebers, Aubrey
i\'iilhaiigh. and u‘dwurd Kramer,
seniors; .lohn llciio, Fred llcxtcr, and
Mary Hiiliiincy, juniors.

TO SPEAK SUNDAY
l“tllllt'l' Franklin will return to
speak once more to the students ot’
the Alumni
friends on Sunday night at. 7:30
o'clock in the logic room ot’ the dor-
mitory. li‘iillicr l“l'llllkllli will illus-

trate his talk with slides iind moving

pictures ot’ South America, taken dur-
ing his journey to that continent.

Hliidenls residing in Alhnuy or in
other group houses are iiivilcd to
attend these liresidc talks.

Residence halls and their

 

G.A.A. F LASHES

The sophomores checked the
triumph of the freshmen, who were
perhaps too self conﬁdent over win-
ning the sing, by beating them in
the rivalry basketball game last
Friday. The score was close, 25 to
20, but the game lacked the excite—
ment that one would expect in a
'rivairy match. The playing was
mild and not spectacular.

Mrs. l)erk V. ’l‘ieszen, who is tak-
ing Miss lsahelle Johnson’s place
as instructor in physical education,
did an excellent job of refereeing the
game. Both teams play clean basket—
ball and show a line spirit. Every.
one shows the need of practice in
shooting and organized plays.

In keeping With Junior issue, we
have to boost the class of ’87. The
game between the juniors and the
fresh last Monday was exciting be-
cause both teams fought hard.
There was a struggle over the ball
at the end of every pass. The
junior guards failed to cover their
men when they were under the
basket and were also slow in inter-
cepting passes. The freshmen for-
wards played a ﬁne cooperative game
and were well backed up by their
guards.

The juniors seemed to have every-
thing it takes. but somehow it didn’t

 

 

 

take. The frosh won the game, by it
score ot' 24—18. The girls in red

were probably thinking of prom aiid
couldn’t keep their minds on the
hitll.

State Freshmen
To Play Academy
Tomorrow Night

The State college freshman basket-
ball lciiiii will meet, the Alhain Acad-
einy live on the Page hall court.
tomorrow night iit 3:30 o’clock in one
ot' the major tilts on the green and
white schedule.

This game is the renewal ot’ rivalry,
dormant now for many years, he-
tween the l“l'tiHli and the Academy.
The Academy possesses a fairly
strong squad which has won most ot’
its scheduled games. The Fresh dc-
t'eiited i\lilne high by two points,
while the Academy quintet took over
.\liliie by a much greater margin.
The game tonight will he il typical
example ot’ the t’ast moving game of
the high school basketball opposing
the slower and more delihcriite tech-
iiiqiie ot’ college basketball.

’l‘lic preliminary game 'alled l‘or
Tzltll o'clock will he a contest between
the l‘ollege house and the liilruniiiriil

 

All Htar iiuiiitels.

 

Time Flies and Will Soon Show
Who Will Reign as Queen Tonight

.\s a

rule class meetings at State

iiees who iire not elected will serve

. . l - . i i . ’- l
mum”. ,.,.,.,.i\,. “11],. m. m, ,l,.,.,,,‘,,,,;l,,” its .ittiiiilunls to tilt lioni Qucin.

t'roin the incnihcrs ot' the mat sludciil

liodv. lint. u convening ot' one class
on 'l‘tii-sdui noon this week was siilll
l'lt'lll to arouse a virtual llood ol

lllstliltllilt' curiosity, uhcn such queries

us, "I \\IIllili'l' it she got it", “He
you think sln- has :i cliiiiicef", t‘ll
culated lhi'oiig"mitl lltl' corridors.

.\s it i‘esnll ot' the Inilloliiig ol' tln
third jeul' class. a legal ci'ouii will
In lilllt'l‘ll llllllli llo' lit-:id tilv :t llllll'll
cii\icd I’i'oni Quito tonight in th.
\iiruniu l'Iuh. The identity ol' llli'
l'oi'tiinutc tit-:inly. a Iil't‘ll, daik ‘i'et'i‘l.
uill not ltt' l'i'\t't|lt'tl until, in t'lltilltt'
I'tlltl“ :ind \\l|lll' satin gown, llie
l‘llil't‘ll lil'tll‘t'l'tl\ Iii llll' i'o_\:tl dais
\\l|t't'i‘ slii' uill lii- t'l"\\ltt'l| ll.\ ltisl
year's (Jill't'tl ot' the l'roiii. lt'iln
i\'uuc. \\l|t| on» aim l'unipiis (Lillt‘l'll
this _\e.'il'.

'l'lll' ll\t' i‘lllliililttlis l‘iit' Ilit‘ l‘li\t‘ll'll
lioiiiii ol' l'i'oiii letti't‘ll include l'hi
Sigma 'l'lictu's lieu |.:i lii'un: |\'upp:i
llellu'a Altit'.\' Lulu: l'ilu l'lii's
(‘lui'e |.eolilii'd: liillllllltl l\'uppii l'ltl’e
llt'lt’lt .\letiou:iu: and l'si llutnniu'~
\|nui Huydei. 'l'Iic I'oni' proud noini

t

This year uill he the fourth reiin

' u l’roiii (Queen over one ot' the
Hindi outstanding iiiinuul social
events at Mute, Queen lliirriel

o,

tiootli'lliiu, o , \\:l.\' llle tli'sl ot' l‘l'iitli

 

dynasty and uus l'ollou'ed llv\' (lei--
lt'lttlt‘ Morgan, ‘113. and llitu i\'une.
ﬁat. iltild lime can answer all iii
llittil'ies fin to “\ldio uill t'ltli' ltlt‘l'
I’ioni this year."
LARRY'S
jersey lee Cleani
lioinc Cooked Dinner, 35c, 50c,
tree delivery
(or. ()\'I‘\itlt| .\\Il .\I\Iil.\liV

'i‘el. 'J-iiTtiﬁ

 

 

 

State Five 
To Lowell Team

Rally in Last Period
Swamp Local Quintet
By a 58—44 Score

 

Weavers
To

 

State College reverted back to the
iisuai form last Friday on the Page
hall court when, in the closing min.
idea, they blow the basketball game to
Lowell 'l‘extile Institute by the worst
score this year, 58 to 44.

The first three points were given to
Lowell ’i'ex by unnecessary fouls early
in the contest. Lowell had seven
points before State broke into the
score column. The Purple and Gold
then took command amt ran up ten
consecutive points, half of which were
earlied by George Bancroft. Lowell
knotted the count 11 all, but State
answered the challenge to surge to a.
21—11 lead. rl.‘he Teachers seemed to
have the pnncli that was noticeable in
the l’lattsbui'g game, because when
pressure \'i‘l8 needed, it was pntvon to
such a degree that while a rally was
on the opponents were held scoreless.
'l‘lie two teams battled on even terms
for the remainder of the half. Ban-
croft’s one-hand shot from beyond
inidcourt that never touched the hoop
mid Dick i\lai-gison ’s rafter heave that
dropped in eventually were some ex-
amples ot' the luck that was with
State in the first half. Margison
completed the scoring in the ﬁrst half
which gave State a 30—24 lead.

Early in the second half, State lind
maintained the. lead at. 37 to 28.
Weller and Mai'gison broke free in
this the lust Slate 'ally to drop in
cleiiii shots. 'l‘lieii Athaiias led
Lowell ’i‘ex iii a rally that tied the
score at Alli. ()ii a pass from Barring-
i‘ou to .l. Ryiiii, the score. was again
knotted at 42 with live minutes to
play. At. this stage of the contest,
the spectators saw one of the worst
live. minutes in State basketball his-
tory. Willi four of the first six men
out on l’ouls, Bancroft, Welter, llersh-
kowitz, and tlulgei', the replacements
could not even get possession of the
hall while Athiuias and liasseth could
not miss the basket from any angle
accounting for sixteen points. State
had the honor ot' the final tally with
Auiyot dropping one in just before
the whistle ended the sorry spectacle
to give State -t4 to Lowell’s 58.

Athmias was the high scorer for
Lowell with 27 points. Bancroft: was
the hiin for State with 16 points.
Weller played the best defense game
on the lloor when time after time he
hi'oke up the guard to forward pass.
(in the whole, the State team held up
fairly well under the massed varsity
I‘oothiill team that: is used as the
basketball iciiiii t’or Lowell.

in the preliminary game, the Fresh
were nosed out by St. Joseph Acad-
emy ot’ Helieneclaily (‘l-l to 32) de-
spite a good second half. Quatl'roehi
wits the hiin scorer with ten points,
and ,l“l’tlilt‘t' liiid six for the victors.

 

   
  

exemption
OPTICIANS".

FR E D ETTE"
65 ColumbiaJt-fdwroiow/tud
(OMPLiETE OPTICAL SERVth

 

289 Central Ave.

li'stolili's/ii'tl
Prepare for tire Prom
DRESS SHIRTS
WATERVILLE LAUNDRY, INC.

lh‘tlﬁ

Phone 5-2241 ,

 

 

 

MADISON FOOD
MARKET
Best Quality
Meats, Poultry and
Groceries
tree doiiveiy

Phone 842273 783 Madison Ave.

 

 

Gee. I). Jeoney, Prop.

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

Dial 5-1913
“ 5~UBA4

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

