   

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH

13, 1936

 

, . allege _ News

 p N as has: is. on.“ «1913

m Undergraduate Newman" or saw-son: em.
College for Teachers _

THE NEWS BOARD
Ian. D. Eall'fl............l............Editor-in-0Mef
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314
Em“ A. Booms.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3266

Guns M. Uuems.  .. .   . . . . .Auooiata Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
M ann'a..................Assistant News Editor

‘ Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314
Esau Gonsn................Auiatont News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario street, 2-0424
Vmonm Srosn................Auistoni News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street. 8-9137
Oasonrs Smozwr..................Businesa Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail Street. 2-4144
Joan DINO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assooiote Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

LAer 8m. .. . . . .. ....Assooiate Business Manager
Delta Omega, 409 Western Avenue, 2-0701

THE NEWS STAFF

SPORTS EDITORS
Frank J. Hardineyer, Charles McConrlile. seniors

Sorsomoas DESK EDITORS

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Rsroarsas

Rosella Agostlnc. Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley. Elsa
Calklns Hulda Classen, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans.
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
Kalbau h, Margaret Woodrui‘r, seniors; Alice Barrows.
Helen Ellyde Isabel Davidge, Elizabeth Gooding, Eli'rleda

‘ izabeth Herr, Joan Kaplan, Ethel Keshner, Mary
Robert Margison, Mary Plank, Elinor Smalicy, Phyllis
Juniors; Betty Appledoorn, Rose Berkowltz.
Bodln, Anne Burr, Frances Cahlll, Helen Cnileaius.
Ksthr n Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong, Antoinette
ito Elizabeth Driscoli. Jeanne Edgcnmbe, Ruth Frost,
Gifford, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson. Phyllis
.l'obson Rose Kurkhlll Charlotte Libman, Jean Llchensteln.
Josephine Maurice. M'ary McCluug, Lillian Masher, Ruth
Mullen. Helen Olskl, ‘heresn Palmer, Mae Rosenbeck.
Adelaide Schmld, Jean Shaver, Martha Shcchy, Muriel
Eltewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin. sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssociaied ColletSiale Press

Distributor of

Collegiate Diaest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

Pump or Born Pammo 00., Iuo., ALBANY, N. Y.

  

 

 

Vol. XX, No. 17 March, 13, 1936 Albany, N. Y.

 

READ, CONSIDER, ACT
If any State student has never before written to his
state senatoror assemblymun, he or she will not lack an
issue to do so immediately. Pending before the logis-
lature at this time is a bill which, it passed. will require
every strident of a state supported college or normal
school to pay on enrollment a yearly tuition fee of ﬁfty

dollars. There will be no exceptions for any student or A

class of students.

The hardship it will work is easy to depict. At least
ﬁfty per (will; of the enrollment now has to engage in
some outside job to providc the necessary funds i’or his
or her college education. This fee would wipe out an
average of three months’ work for most of those
individuals.

In addition, the stains ol’ the FERA is none loo
stable. Over one hundred siudcnis are now rccciving
financial help from this source. it may conlrinuc i’or
several yours, or it may be disconlinucd at a moment’s
notice. Add this cxiru foe. uml subtract the above
income and you gel; ihc facts. it is comparable to kick-
ing a person in the face when he is down and out.

A fair percentage who are just able to scrimp nlong
may ilnd this tuition charge to be the “last straw”
and be forced to terminate their college cnrocrs after
one or two or even three years. The prospects oi' the
future and of entering n respectable proi'cssion will be
destroyed by the blow.

The student body should go on rocord us dellniicly
opposing the passage oi.’ this monsuro.

AND each individual studoni: should inkc tho limo oi’
a personal call or ihc oxpcnsc oi’ a postage stamp to urge
his or her senator and ussemblynmn to kill the bill.

 

TWO RESOLUTIONS

Friday morning, the morning oi' mnomlnnnns and
resolutions, produced two proposals which should bo
seriously considered by the siudcni: body before noxi
Friday. One concerns the placing oi' inter-class rivalry
and Moving-up Day in the bands oi’ Myskuniu begin-
ning September l, 1036; the oihor will provido ono
assembly in six i’or studoni busilch only. iioih, we
feel, should be adopted by the student association.

Inter-class rivalry should not bc in the hands oi"
student council bocuusc oi' the um-qnnllod i'l'lu'usouiu-
tion oi' the freshman nml suplmlilol'c olnsscs ---ono i‘rosh-
man and iwo sophomores. In addition, sludcul. counoll
receives notice oi’ when am] where the iwo ciuss bunv
ours are in the college buildings, and iho locuiion oi'
the mascot in the annual mascot Inmi. ii is possible
that such vital information may beromo known during
the courso oi’ ihn business of the council and cvoniunlly
determine tho winning side. With iho judging oi’
inter-class rivalry results by Myskanio, the whole nil’nir
will be in the hands of a body oi' seniors only, as dis-
interestcd interpreters of the rules laid down.

The second part of the amcndmont would roiurn iho

 

 

 

 

program of Moving-up' day to Myskania. As Moving-up
day is a tradition of State and tied up campletely wit
the seniors and Myekania, it is only fair that they
should be allowed to formulate their own plans for
the occasiOn. Traditions should be the last to suffer
changes.

The other proposed-amendment will give the students
a needed assembly period to adequately discuss State
problems. Though there has been no oﬂ‘icial business
the past semester it does not indicate that there is a
lack of such. The proper opportunity must present it-
self before it can become evident. Whether or not
one in six will prove adequate will have to be deter-
mined, but that will at least provide an occasional oppor-
tunity for student expression.

 

“H. M. S. PINAFOR-E”

Assurance that “Pinafore” is to be deﬁnitely pre-
sented next week will glndden many music. lovers both
in State and Albany. The long awaited annual pro-
duction of Music association will have its usual large
audience of critics to judge the excellence of the Operetta
in comparison with past performances of the music
department.

Dr. Cnndlyn deserves much praise for his ﬁnished
work. Annually his productions in Page auditorium
lmve ranked as outstanding features in the capital dis-
trict music calendar. Taking the rawest material in
the freshman year, Dr. Cnndlyn turns the greenest
prospect into a product worthy of appearing before
an audience. From a department allowing no majoring

 

STATE OPINION

 

 

 

or minoring, Dr. Cnndlyn produces one of the most
worthy intangible results of any portion of the cur-
riculum.

If next week’s performance ranks with the past three
Gilbert and Sullivan opercttas, no one attending will
regret the time spent away from the books and worries
of college routine. The cost and director will be worthy
of your patronage.

 

REQUEST NUMBER TWO

We have mentioned before in this column the neces-
sity of cooperation in order to successfully put over
the regional N. S. F. A. convention to be conducted in
Albany next month, but as the time approaches, we feel
the magnitude of the affair can well stand another call
for help. When one considers that plans must be fairly
complete by Easter vacation, four weeks are not too
much time.

Already one organization has promised its old, but
Mr. Dcno and his assistants will also require the back-
ing of other groups. State can be a spectator or an
active participant, whichever it wishes. The only pos-
sible obstacle is the expense, and this item, for State
delegates, will be at a minimum.

State does not lack forensic material. This college
can equal any group that will come here. State does
not luck the problems that other institutions have.
Little more is needed, then, than some energy to get
outside the corridors of these buildings and attend this
convention.

All in all, the meeting may be the usual mediocre
gathering that so many oi’ its kind are, or it may be
u huge success, cducntirmully nml socially, with State
definitely in the category as the ideal host. Much will

 

 

 

depend on the student body and its ambition.
Mystery Entertainment
By Six Leading Authors

 

 

'Omnhn, nml ’l‘oronlo.

 

 

 

 

BOOKS:

(For Sale or Rent in the (70-01))

The President’s Mystery Story, [H‘Upounllml by
l"runklin l). lioosovoli; solved by liupcrit Hughes,
Nnmnol llopkins .\dnms. Anthony Abbot. liiln \\'oimun.
H. S. \'uu liino, and John lCrskim-. Now York: l"nrrnr
uml Rinobnrl. 330:3 pages. $2.50.

“A, good doiccilvc story is iln- nnswor lo Lowoll’s
quosi‘ion--—‘Wlmt is so rare as n dny in Juno.” llun-
drods oi’ sllch novols uro publisbod ovory your bul only
:1 i'ow on: really \vorih ihc limo nnd niioniion oi’ iuiol»
ligcui rcndors,” l'rcsidoni l"runk|iu l). lioosovoli
ronmrkcd somo yours ago Hi lln- l'Ixocuiivo Mullslon in
Albany while be was (lovornor oi’ Now York Hinio.

Six lending mysicry nml doioclivc nnd olbor siorv
wriiors nrc the combined uuibors oi’ ibis six cbnpior
\'olumc. l‘lncb one, oxropl. i’or lbo ilrsi, urolc u (-lulpior
ui’iur rouding lho proccding chupiors. 'l'bc problom
sot i’orih by iho l’rosidonlt is “How run u mun dis~
nppour with live million doilni‘s in uny nogoliublo form
and noi Iro iruvcd.’” Mr. l"ulion ()urslor \vriios lbo
prci'ncc c.\p|nining iho origin oi" the book.

’l‘bo soiling originating around Houllmmpion, Long
lslnnd, oculors nboni .\'o\v York (lily wiib n doiinilc
purpose in tho journoy lo l'niniod l’osi, Now York,

in ibis sioi'y iho common Iovo
irlnuglo oiomoni oxpumls io n i'oursomo.

liooidwlly dill'oronl i’rom ibo uvorngo Iuvsiorv plol,
this lbcmo coniuins no midnigbi mnrdors,’ no ’dnriug
robborios, no socludcd scundnls. lusioud, u murdor is
piunncd, and uvoldod by Ibo viciim lo bc: millions in
rush are involved; vouiriloquism nnd plusiic surgorv
nro sulmiiiuiml. .v\i'icr nu ‘nriiiicinl’ murdor, ibo with-
is mmviclod nll bopo is gono oxcopl i'or un uppcnl in
ibo (lovornor oi’ iho Hinio. Will bc yiobl uml sbould bol

 

 

From illl‘ ccuirul liu'un! oi’ l'l'('tiiill‘ili limmovoll,
()urslor built uu olnboruiml synopsis oi' lbo idon nndi
ouilinod ii io lhc six sucoossl’ul .\moricnn nlril:ors.i

Surprisingly, six scciions, roprosoniing lrnnsiiions, nrc
\voll cmn'dinulod nnd uppour in room from tho pou oi'
one author; no gnp is ioi’i bciwocn ibcm in slylo or
limo.

'l’o rondcrs oxpccling n ‘buir-rnising’ drnmn or on
ovouing oi’ thrills, ’I’Ilc I'i'csidonl’s ,le/sim'j/ Slurp is
not lho unswcr. ll'owow-r, by lboir ohoioc oi' llt'ts‘i‘l'lli-
lion oi’ ohul'nclors, nciion, scorn-s, nnd oxcolloni do-
volopmont oi’ the ploi, iln-sc nulhors lmvo crcuiod n
rising iulcrcsi. to climax iho ilunl pngcs, This plot,
ulihough sounding simple, involvcd an oxironwly inlri-
rule and dolicuic solution.

THE srsrssusu

 

 

 

Discussion of the resolution intro-
duced in last week’s assembly to
change the powers of regulating
inter-class rivalry and Moving-up
Day from studeht council to Mys-
kania, senior honorary society, led
the News to conduct a questionnaire

 

of opinion on the subject. Following
are student opinions on the resolu-
tion:

Ralph Altman, ’36: I am definitely
opposed to the resolution. Moving-
up Day and rivalry are executive
functions and consequently belong to
student council. The shift in powers
last year was an experiment that
proved successful. So far this year
we haven’t had the trouble with
rivalry we did last year, and Mov-
ing—up Day went just as smoothly
as before. I don’t see the point oi'
the shift.

Dorothy Cain, ’38: I think it’s

 

swvll. Myskania, as the most repro-
scntative body in the college, should
logically have charge of these events.
Helen Clyde, ’37: The amendment
is unnecessary since the subject was
thoroughly discussed last spring.
Richard Cox, ’38: i believe that
.\lyskania should assume these duties
since they require secrecy. Rivalry
is mostly a judicial function. and
Moving-up Day is a matter of tru-
dition and one of Myskunin’s origi-
nal functions.
John Edwards, ’37: I’m ugin it,
Charles Gaylord, ’38: Moving-up
Day concerns the whole college and
nceds the prestige of Mysknnia. As
for rivalry, at present it isn’t fair

to the frosh. Myskanin would be
u disinterested judge.
Charles McConville, ’36: in the

past, the average Mysknnia members
who had charge of the Moving-up
liny contest knew little or nothing
oi' the rules. Student council has
appointed competent ollicinls who
sntislicd nll. ’l‘hcrei'ore [ think the
present set-up should be maintained
so that student council would receive
crodit for the new system.

Martha Martin, ’36: Myskaniu is
the highest honorary body. it is
non-prejudiced. it seems to me that
it should take charge of Moving-up
Day and inter-class rivalry.

Carol Mites, ’37: If )lysknnin is
to judge disputes arising from inter-
cluss rivalry, in its capacity as a
judicial body, matters would be sim-
pliiicd if they controlch rivnlry
from the beginning. 1 um sure they
would be more than willing to call
in outside help in judging athletic
cvonts. rather than disport thcm-
solvcs on the campus.

Mildred Nightingale, ’38: Since
.\l_vsknnin is composed of seniors,
bolicvc it. would be the most dis-
iuioroslcd body to have in charge
oi' rivalry. Moving-up liny is the
last opportunity oi' lhc scuiors for
participation in sizudcnt life at
Sinio. so they should run it. l’cr-
bnps ihcir i'our ycnrs’ cxpcricncc
will bo oi' bollollt.

Vera Shinners, ’.'ii'): I believe ibnl
tho control oi' rivalry should ho loft
in tho Ide- oi' siudcui council.
"l'wonld bo diil'culi lo iind 2: undo
domocruiio or i'niror piun. “midi-s.
sludoui council nulnngcd \cl'y \voll
lu-l your and umlolibicdiy will do,

l

-o ngniu.
Elsa Smith, ’Jii': 'l'llc powors oi'
.\|y.~kunin noro il‘ndiliounl and shook
novor luno boon ioncbod. 'l‘bc pro-
posod rosoluiiou will l‘osiol'o lo .\ly~'-,
knnin powors und pi'osligo ilmt right-j
fully bolong' lo on important group,
Sally thlnn, ’11s: |'cr~onniiy I;
Hill in favor oi' ilIc motion. lion-I
mor. ibo duoslion was gono «nor Io-i ,
your. so \\ by bring it up ngniu‘! ‘
William Baker, ’::o: l boliovv limi
ibo-o ovoni- should be in ibc Imud-
oi' .\ly~l\nuin. 'l'bo soniol's on llmili
body iIilii' no por~ouu| lilil‘i'i‘ﬁ» lo‘
look oui i‘or. uro low bin-ed. nudi
lmvo morc cxporicncc in sindcnl,l
l
I
.

 

uil'uirs llmu nny olbcr group,

Y.W.C.A. Skating ,
Party ls Tonight?

'l’bo Young
:Isslu'lilllhll is
sliniiug pnriy iouighi oi
’l‘boso wishing io ulicnd sllnlllli sign
on ibo \'.\\'.('.\. bulloliu board noor!
ibo mailbox. ’l'bo group uill slnii or I
7:.‘lii o’clock i’I'om lho liolundn ol'i
llrupol' bull. 'l'bo cost will bo iucnlj
ilvo conls pins Ibo bus i'uro,

l‘bl'lsliuu,
i'lilli'l"
.\li'l|7ii|:l~.,’

\\'omon ’s
sponsoring n

'l‘bo connuillocs in ciuu‘go nro:
gonorul clinirnmu. (‘nl'olyn hiniiico.
’Jill; pubiioiiy, Murgnrol .’\|niiison,,

’iiii, cbnirnmu, Mnriou Hllullos. ’37.
Marion liisnoll, ’ilti, nml Ililnh l"nolo,
’lili: nrrnngcmouis, llolcn Lowry, 'Jili;
and sign up. .\|iro lionnoii, ’Jiii.

:lionrrl l-ll'nll' i

Well, we threw our parties. Seb,
I understand, has been seeing her
emery day before and since. And
I was told that the little French girl
was afraid she’d make the column
if she krumer the way she did .
134’s tall dark handsome man met
up with somebody a “little bit in-
dependent” . . . news does get
around, even now you’re second
choice . . . Van is going in for
diversiﬁcation in a big way . . .
they say Chris and Neil looked cute
. . . Sunti brought a richly laden
package with him . . . summariz-
ing, there was at least one couple at
each house that was not something
new . now for the news of
the week Town-cricr Charlie
is going in for rccsing the devil on
dinner dates . . . Joe of the
tumbling does is havmg a hilnh timo
. the Schenectady telephone
wires are lmrning up one Miss Mulli-
gun a lot of the boys were
afraid lo go to the Dorm 'l’imsday
night i'or four of the exact nature
of the social director’s cxporimcnt
E. David has been going in

s a

for a higher education up Weslern
ui'icr rcln'ursnls . Billy bus

bocn going in for an education . .
and folks, Jim has not only scored
over union (or was it Rl’li; cf. story
on king) but reunion we
ciihcr lmd to say that or else . .
iiuully, did you notice l‘Ibcrs bowling
them (her) over? We expect an
editorial on cluttering up the Com-
mons iloor next week and, so
long.

THE MAN OF STATE

I COMMUNICATIONS

To run linrron STATE COLLEGE News:

l’m writing this in the hopes of
getting somebody to read this who
can rcmcdy the situation.

Many times student organizations
have been in need of a mimeograph
machine for their varied needs. It is
practically impossible to borrow one.
(.‘lubs are issuing papers and book—
lcls as a means of kccping alive the
interest of the students in the clubs.
it would be a vital aid to the clubs
in their work.

Couldn ’t a sum be allotted from the
studcni: budget, in some manner, to
provide for such :1 machine to be
plncod where a member of the faculty
or n collogo employee could super-
vise it?

 

 

 

 

l'lopcfully,
.\ ’38.
l'Idiior H'rx'rr. ('Ulddililﬁ Nun's:
As :1 student in Hioio oollogc. I
bnvo boon nppnilod by tho noon bour

sii notion in and uronnd ibc unncx
and tho cni'oioriu. ’l‘hc numbor oi’
siudcnis crowdod inlo [but (iron is

nciihor llcnlihi’ui, plonsuni, nor sonsl
blo. ln i’m'i, ii is ridicubnlsly un-
sonsiblc.

\\'b_v shoubln’i lboro bo i'nciliiios
i'or outing in n collogo oi' ibirioon
bundrcd sludouls.’

\\'b_\' should sindonis dosiring
”iil(>io oomi'ori" oui in musiv lookor
roonls.‘ I

Why should siudonis oui sinnding
ugninsi ibo wnlls oi' ibo building?

From lbo studoui. poinl oi’ viow, l
sligg’osl, ii’ boiior i':u'iliib~s nro not
pl'ovidcd by ibo ndminisirnlion. lhni
lho sludouis iind u nonrby piuoo which
is morc oomlncivo io n oouii'orlublc
nooniinm ropnsi.

.-\ Hornoxlonn.

Board Sets Date
For 1937 Budgets

lil'gnniruliou bndgois nro duo in
i'iillllill'li‘il l'ol'ni i'or sludoni npprmul
or :Ilmlll \pl'll fill, according in
Ibo Nlnnlcni Hour-I ol' l"innuoo. .\||
bullet-is lllll‘ii ln- pnnsod by lilo
wing sulnniliod lo ibo

(v'l

\llllll'lii lnnly

'I'in Iionucml lyiilll'llll’llls oi' ilu'
Lion and ibo Nun's lmvo boon sub-
Inillml und upprovod. l-‘iunl pluun
i’or ibo romnining publicnlions u'cl'c
(llsvllssml.

.\'o\v sludonis may pay lbcir
doni in.\ l’oos i'or [his sonn-sior
uuy mombor oi’ iin‘ iiunuco board
l\'nrl l'llnn's and Emma M'cnd, soilloi's;
l"rcd lh-xior nnd ’l‘boums lircon,
juniors; and Muriel (ioblborg, '38.

slu-
lo

