 

 

 

Tags 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 8, 1936

 

State College News
lstahllsiled by the Class or me '

"The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD
has D. Eaaae.......................Eduar-ia-0Mef
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue. 2-4814
Emu A. Boone.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta. 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3266
Guns M. Uxoaan..................Auooiata Editor
llidward ill. Potter club, 203 Ontario street. 2-0424
has Dram..................Assis¢ant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 8. Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Haas! Gonna. . .  . .. . .. . . . .Assiaiant News Editor
lidward ll. Potter Club, 208 Ontario Street, 2-0424
Vnonm Bron. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall. 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137
muons Swansea”...............Buelaoss Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi. 285 nail Street. 2-4144
Jams Dario... . .. .  . . . . .Assooiote Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 s. Lake Avenue. 2-4814

Lama 8m............4ssoeiate Business Manager
Delta Omega, 409 Western Avanne, 2-0701

1935 Member 1936
[Associated Colleoiaie Press

Distributor of
Colleéiale Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, 02.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-omce, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

The Naws does not necessarily endorse sentiments

ressod in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers' names are left with the Editor-
in-Ghief of the ans. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The was does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

Pawns at Ben anmo 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, N0. 23 May 8, 1930' Albany, N. Y.

DUSTY CORNERS

Spring and the mounting interest in Moving-up Day
brings with it the annual mascot hunt for the fresh-
men, and, in addition this year, the postponed sopho-
more-freshman debate. Both will ﬁgure strongly in
the winning of inter-class rivalry.

Outside of more participation in these events, which
provides its own enjoyment, the real memories will
come later from the associations formed and friend-
ships made. No person realizes now the number of
fellow classmates still strangers, until a chance meet-
ing in a dusty cellar passageway or in some musty
attic untouched since the last roving band of mascot
hunters disturbed the settled dust, brings them face
to face.

Many of the upperclassmen would gladly have re-
turned to the dusty corners this week were it possible.
The frivolities of the freshmen are envious prizes which
cease to be attainable once the first Moving-up day
passes. ,

The few hours of these undignified rompings which
remain will be the lust for 1039. Whether or not the
mascot is found, no points will measure these six
evenings.

PONDER A BIT

The proposed budget will not be acted on for another
two weeks, but the tentative appropriation schedule
printed in last week’s issue of the News deserves some
consideration by each member of the student body. If
there are individuals who haven 't participated in past
legislation, no other time will be more appropriate than
this. If passed as is, the budget will levy a ten dollar
fee on each matriculated State student next September.

It is not necessary to dwell on the value of the stu-
dent tax. Any ardent State collegian would find college
life monotonous without the diversions made possible
by this assessment.

More important is it to assure passage of the re-
quested appropriations. Every activity has suffered
from the depression years and each must still readjust
itself yearly to regain its former footing. All are
doing so slowly but at much less ﬁnancial expense to
the students. Before criticizing any item hastily, weigh
the benefits of that activity first and determine if you
would 'are to have those results curtailed. [t is not
the organization which will suffer but the student body

 

SOME LETTERS WE DON’T PRINT

At various times throughout the college year, the
NEWS has received communications from members of
the student body on a multitude of subjects—student
and otherwise. Many have been printed and some
haven’t. The NEWS has always retained the right not
to publish any or all, as it sees fit, though the anonym-
ity of the author is maintained where requested.

The policy of the paper has been to accept and print
communications where they dealt with or were wholly
concerned with student affairs. This publication is sup-
ported by the student body and its columns are open
to the students for such purposes.

Occasionally, however, letters have been submitted to
us unsigned. These have not been published as it is
neeessary to have the writers responsible for what may
be said. The NEWS in no case assumes the responsi-
bility or necessarily endorses the sentiments of the
letters.

In one or two instances the News has received com-
munications which have over-stepped the limits of the
student sphere. These were not published as it was
felt more harm than good would have resulted to all
concerned. The NEWS has no desire to be the source
of any article which might prove more sensational than
beneficial.

For those people and others of the student body, we
explain more fully our stand on communion!ions. A
little conservatism at times may result in n more sane
solution of problems.

 

Ci"l“f)ll'l‘ NUT WA."l‘ED

'l'ho much discussod and wrangled-over ropol'l of the
Point System Revision committee has been lnblcd, and,
for this year at least, is a matter of the past. The
time and effort may seem to have boon wasted, but the
report need not necessarily be considered as just so
much junk.

The opposition to the i‘cvlsloll provcd that, though
the Committee believcd in its work, lhoro was too much
of which the association disapprovod, and, as this
govcrmucnt runs under the principlos ol' domm-ratic
rule, the students lmd every right to exercise their
prerogative to accept or reject the roport.

The statistics and data gathered show nnqucslion-
ably that the present point systcm is inadequate to
take care of many ofliccs now cxisling in oxlrn-ourrioular
activities, and that others have never boon providod
for. Yet it would have been just as serious a mistake
to pass a system now which would not l.nvo lnkcn cnro
of the revisions chcral of the activities hnvo llllilll‘, and
which contained revisions based on nnsupportod or
erroneous facts.

The lateness in the college your required busty action
on the entire matter. Other important business, the
budget and the rehearsal of Movingup day, rcquirc
attention. For as large a rovisionnry rcport as this,
there was insufficient time to act wisely. The special
(Assemblies were in no way reproscntativo in uumbor of
the total student organization.

Much has been done and much can be done by the
association next year, The individual reports of ofiice
holders can he used as a basis for rm-onsldcratlon of
the points allotted to the ofﬁces. The cllnngon "nub,
this month in activities can be provided for, and addi-
tional changes can be considered later in the year,
without being crowded in with unwanted legislation.
The revised report can be presented early in the col-
lege year and may be drawn up either technically or
with consideration of the wishes of the majority.

A new olnt system is still the number one problem
of the stu cut association.

by not receiving the usual benefits of that activity.
American History
As the Press Wrote It

 

 

 

 

 

BOOK :
H.T.G.

(For Sale or Rent in the (Io-op)

America Goes to Press, by Laurence (lrocnc. New
York: The Hobbs-Merrill (‘n. 37.") pages. $2.75,

America Goes to Press, is a scrapbook of American
newspaper clippings edited for the lay rcador aml
throwing some valuable light on how ('\'cllls of other
days fared in the coulompm'ary pnpcl's.
the newspaper man’s standpoint the “big
of other days will always hold a largo in-
lcrcst. Likewise will lhc story of tho dovclopna-ul of
the .-\moricau press. in tho lTllfl’s “the paper" was
a smmlgy. relatively illcgiblo shoot containing ncws
\\'l'l'l(S or months old and bascd mostly on Word of
mouth at that. The coming of larger pnpcl's, bigger
lu-adlinos, hotter ncws services can be seen in .lnnricn.
Horns Io I’rr‘.~.s.

’l‘rnc, tho journalist will miss tho roprmluotion of"
slorics in the some typo faces in which lhoy originally
upln-nrcd, as might be dono in a lnrgor volumo. llo
will miss, loo, sowing bow dill'cronl pzl|n'i‘.< l'l‘l‘fll'lll‘ll lln-
snnn- l'l'l'lll. 'l‘hc book is nocossnrily iIIcquph-lo in flu-so
aspccts since it is hot illlcmlml as n murm- book bill
as a story.

From
sloi'il‘s"

l’rom llu- llislorian’s viewpoint lhc book is also in-
complolo but now-rtln-loss givcs light on some points
of view. “A prophol. is no! without honor" wc lonru
again, “l‘.\'(t‘[)l in his own country” and at his own
limo. l'nul llcvcl'c’s mnuc \\:l~ not monlionoul in tho
account of tho proliminnrios of tho halllo of l.o\in:l~u
n» givl'n in tho .l/tlw'ntll'llllmflw' .N/I‘l/ nm/ (Il'rlt‘lr of /.Illlrl'/II/.
He had to wait for Longfellow in ordcr lo booomo a
national ln-I'n, .lohn lilown. loo, although his Hallu-
bud born in tho pnpors bcl'oro Ink—ill, nus lo sumo
journals just a Inombcr of “an armod abolitionist
hand."

"Atrocity storiesH Midontllv bad low-n in\oulod by

the limo olll‘ forcfnlllcrs “llrod lln' sbol hoard I‘onnd
tho world. ” Said on American paper about lirili~h
misdoods at tho bnltlo ol’ ('oncorll: "'l'hc snvngc

barbarily cxorcisod upon the bodies of our unforlunalc
brclhicn who fcll is almost llll'll‘lllllll‘: not conh-nl \vilh
shooting doun lbo nnanncIl, :Ign-d and inﬁrm, lhcy dis
rcgnlvlcd llu- l‘l‘ll's of tho wonunh-Il, killing llu-m without
nn-rcy, and manglng thoir bodh-s in tho most shocking
manner." 'l'ln- lll‘illsll corrospolnlonls of HIM, ll would
«com, dixl nothing ncu \vbon lhcy told us how lhc
nickcd licrnnlns cut oil' lilllc iolginn olilhll'l‘n's oars.

l"rom the lay rcmlcr’s standpoint, Ibo book has its
classic nml lililllol'nlls moments. 'l'ho Now York ll'orbl
in l‘ilill onrriod llll I'Illlnl'llll i'lllllll'll “Yoll'l‘s in lllo
Night" which Inndo fun of Susan ll, \nlhony unll lu-r
tight for woman sull'l'ngo. Miss Anthony lmd said
somolhing in tho cfl'ocl lbnl slu- dbl bor lll'al \vork,
moaning thonghl, for tho snl'f'rngo room while lying
awake at night. 'l'ho t'IlllUl‘llll inforrwl from this that
she full that tho "rccnmIn-nl nllnndo" of tho llomnus

was loud for “tho full dcvolopnu-nl of lln' fcmiuino
poucr of pl-rmlusion.H “ll ulll ln' odd, al first,"
contunn'd the World, "lo honl' lln- honornblc senator

from Mnssnchnsolts flinging savory parts of spot-ch at
the honorable sonntrix ‘on tho llomocrutic nol'u
ln-dstond. ”’ If women are to como into public affairs,
and if wonwu‘s best. work is done at night, We will
soon all have to begin our day at sundown, lln- argu
mcnt. van. Mr. (lrccnc feels that thc editorial was
only saved from vulgarity by its sense of humor.

We roconnncml .Ifnn'rlco (1o: s Io l’rcss to journalists,
to history students and lcnchors, lo the reading public
in general. ’

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

 

Editor of STATE COLLEGE NEW':

Moving-up day slowly approaches
and with it a semblance of collegiate
atmosphere graces our 'ampus. But,
unfortunately, it is only for a fleet-
ing moment. Too soon the last spark
of exubc'ance dies down, and Mov-
ing-up day with its pleasures and
sadness is packed away, not to be
taken from the “dusty shelves” un-
til auother year has rolled along.
Is college spirit at State such a
luxury that we cannot afford to come
out; from behind our books and
vawns more than one day in the
year? Should we give vent to our
college spirit merely upon a May 15th
and then go home snmgly satisﬁed
and count the number of keys we
have “earned”?

I would propose that we inaugurate
a State college week, the week of
Moving-up day. Let’s have the
students of each class wcar ribbons
the colors of their respective classes.
Let’s make the freshmen “toe the
mark" before they move-up into the
Soph domain. Let's have sings, bon-
fircs, snake dances. Lot’s organize
an impromptu baml and parade
around the 'ampus. Above all, let’s
forget our potty politics, forget our
own personal aspirations and en-
deavor to put State college on the
map.

Member of the junior class

Editor S'm'rr. f‘or.l.r:or. NEWS:
May I express my approval of tho

suggcstion made by “A Student
'l‘nxpuycr ” in last week 's NEWS '1
Obviously both the Lion and the
Echo could be put out more eco-

nomically, and the NEWS as well.

It seems almost a sacrilcgc to see
such tripe as appeared in last
month’s Echo printcd on such elegant
paper. (I am referring especially
to that terrible articlo about the
flirl Scouts.)

The last of the Lion also
furnishes a vivid cxnmplo of how
good paper can be wasted—almost
two whole pages givon ovor to the
photographs and lil’o histories of
six Htuto college boys! And
none of them cspccinlly good
looking so far as I can see.
liumor has it that this feature was
not so much humor as personal ndvcr-
lisiug——iudccll. that the Lion actu-
ally paid a dollar for one of the
photographs! There is nothing funny
about this.

It. seems to mo that if the siudcnl
lnxpa‘vor must fool tho bill for the
press-agoning of a small group, it
might nl lcast bo done a liltlc moro
subtly, “no or lwo candidates ill a
limo would snlllcicnl, am lhc
pot-try ought to ho bctlcr. lumginc
rhyming “froslunnn” wilh “(lib-
mu"!

issue

lll'

.\ school mags/inc combining tho
film-lions of both lbo Iz't‘lm and tho
[Mil/I and having other Ilcpnl'lmcnls

THE STATESMAN

 

 

 

 

bo-idos lilcrnlnrol '.'r and lnnuort 2’1
uoubl bo nu cwcllcul lIlI-n. it sci-Ins
in lllt‘.

lint lwllllc- :lml lax Iunnagcnuvnlg

can ruin anything and both of lluwc
:Irim- from Ibo innlifl‘oronco of “tho
\lndonl la\p.'|yor".
Him-owl),
l'l‘n lionu l‘lllllico
(Julia

llrniuard (‘nr-onr

 

 

Mistletoe Shop Invites
Atmosphere of Seclusion
l"ol lllosc book low-rs of Hlnlc
illlll of llnl lnpllnl llls‘ll'li'l, [in
non locnlion of tho .lohn Mistletoe
llovc

bookshop at '17: .~.l root pro
souls ihni nlnlosphcrn- of in:
formality and soolusion nhich is
so llllll'll lo ln- lh'sil'l'll. ’l'ln' now
location of tho bookshop or II“-

snluc limo introduces a bookshop
in which the usual omphnsis on
comnn-rcinllznlion lllln boon sub
lll'flillilll‘ll. 'l'ypicnl of Miss
l"oolo's now wt up is an old
fnshloncll rI'nIling room oomph-lo
cvon to tho opon lll'l'llllll‘l‘ uhoro
lln- visitor may rosl nl ln-
lolsuro and browso among his
favorite volnmos.

Miss l"oolc, \\ho was until lost
your conncclod with tho l'ollogc
f‘o-opornlivc bookstorc, is still
cxtrcmcly partial to thlo stu-
dents, and cslcnds n cordial in-
vitation to them to visit the John
Mistletoe bookshop at their onl'liosi
opportunity.

 

 

 

‘ l'ilcl_\ll

 

Union week-end is over and the
battle of the century approaches
. . . R.P.I. Soiréc vs. Intersorority
no odds offered as to the
winner . . . rules for outside parties
are lenient . . . Incidentally, I’ll
bct(ty) some one was left out in the
rain . . . without a bill to his name
. . . these flighty KD’s . . . we hear
a rumor of a new sport at State . . .
pick your street, Anne . . . the .li'.
brunette is to be seen with one of
our bb comets . . . so Bill and Joe
went looking for roses the first of
May, (lid they . . . Are State co-cds
‘acillatiug . . . or do they meron
make hay ford rainy days? Do you
know, Phil . . . hov' a(rd) about it,
Emmy . . . it seems that the base-
ball managcr was unable to attend to
his duties last weekend . . . Jack
introduced home town talent to the
hills of Indian Ladder . . . Who
were the two strangers chasing
Elinor . . aml who was given the
bird . li‘lossic is “sweet,” isn't
she, girls? (‘horus . . . Oh, yes . . .
At least Jimmy’s excuse isn’t that
be broke his leg . . . where’s the tux
. . . ('hcgs was in town for the week-
end, bllt when it comes to inter-
sorority. it max no difference to
Kelsey . . . will (llcnn recover in limo
for tho week-cud festivitich \vc’ro
boltying on him certifications
by the secret body nro . . . secret
. . . Winter will not be blooming this
week-cud . . . we understand that yo
editor attended a rcpoul performance
Dream”

. . l

of “.\Iidsummcr’s Night

. . will someone introduce hugh ‘o
the NEWS mousc.’ We understand
he plnycd its counterpart tho olbor

goodbye.
'I‘Ill‘l .\I.-\N OI“ S’I‘A'l‘l'l

IGRECIAN GAMBOLS

There will be plenty of activities
for tho llrcoks this \vock-cnd. And
last \vcck-cud was a line starter.
Sigma Alpha welcomed into pledge
membership, lsabollo Perkins and
llnrricl ’npl'l‘lntlll'l',sopllolnol'cs. .\t.
(hi Sigma 'l‘hcta, l‘ilounor .\lc(il'cc\'y
and From-cs Ilonnn, l'roslnncn, \Vl‘l‘i’
initialed into full un-mborship.
Nowost plodglings at Join tha arc
two sophomores, Alvcnn l)c Long
and Ruth 'l'lnnnpson.

l’i Alpha ’l‘au announces tho im-
pending Iunrri..,;:.- on .lnno 21, of
llulh Katz, ’35, to William l"incnmn,
l'uivcrsily of Minnesota, and lioso
(‘lopman, '33, to Louis (lrocnblnlt,
Ohio Hlntc lmivcrsily. And Dorothy
llrowu, ’34, of Sigma Alpha gave
her mnrringc vows to William Still-
man, a grnduato ol' (‘orllnnd Normal
school and a prosonl molnhcr of thc
lironxlnlhin high school faculty.

.\lnny alums camo back for
\vockcml. l'p nl l'hi llcliu,
.\lclnlyro, ’llJ, l‘Ih-anor llrown,
Margin-rile Lix'cln‘l' ’33, lnoz llob
l'l'ls’, '33. and .\liunio .\lcxlcl(lc, 'JH,
Inmlo lln-Insclvcs :Il lloluc. Kalb
crinc Scott, ’32, llildn l.:lllllt‘ll.\ll'lll,
’24:, and l'ldnn llicl<~. non-
\i<i1or~ Hi dear old Higmn .\lpl|.'l.
'l'bc lnuo guosl al l’hi Lumluln nus

lloyl. '3. and ill l'.\'l‘,
.\l:lr|orio .lncobs, 'i'm,
'l-bnl'a all

day . . .

 

 

llll‘
Luis

,. -
.i.),

 

.Greeks Announce

Dance Committees

lf'on/lnnul from [will /. I'o/lIIIIn .l)
l‘.l‘l|ll'|, 'iii’; lll'l'nlllllulls‘, H_\'l\‘l.‘l
liudolph, 'Jls‘; rcl'rmhnu-uls, .\vh-m-
Simon, 'Zi‘i: cbnpcroln, l‘ln l'Ilklnd,
'Ii‘l: ltlll“, lll'l'll‘llfll' lwrmr, 'Il‘s.
l’bi llcllil: :v'lil'l'Hl chairman,
.\do|iuo \b-rccr, 'IiT :n'rnngonu-nls,
lli'lon .lonos, ’Illi; Honors, lllllll
Hullnwr, ‘Jlli: ol'wllr~ll'n, .\llll'llll|
Young. '11s: imitations, .\lnr1ha
Marlin. 'lei; ll l'|-.‘~|n|u-|||s, llul'H

.\udorwn, 'Jln; culorImmm-ul, l'lu-lyn
llnmnnu, ’11s; ob-nuup, .lonnolll-
Iinrlou, ’2’.“

llnmnm l
[sill-V
\lnrn-
lllllllll‘s,

'hi tilgmn: :Il‘l‘nugclnonlw,
Mary, liulll llomly, seniors,
l\'i\clin, l’nlrlom l'lunchion,
lintllorinc Hclnnicdor and
From-cs f'nhill, sopllolnoros; llonors,
Morgan-l l‘nnnon, gradunio sludcnl
n‘nd l-Iliznboth t'nuoy, ’IH; orclu-slru,
l'Ilslc llildcnlu'mnll, ’Illl; olounup,
l"ollh l'lllis, l‘Ilninc Morse, liolln
“will”. lIlHl Mlliil'l'tl King, l’l‘cshmon.
Vngmn Alpha: goncrnl chairman,
Norma 'lilnkc, 'Jlli; decorations,
Norma lun-hn, ’37, Hophic Wolzok,
’38, programs, linlh Hoffman, ’38;
music, lt‘lol'u Alcxnndor, ‘37; rol‘rcsh-
monts, Margaret Winn and Mary
lirallnigan, sophomores.

