 

tate College

 

 

VOL. XX, No. 22

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, \I. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 1, 1936

$2.25 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issues

 

Choral Concert

To Be Thursday

Dr. T. F. H. Candlyn Will Direct
Choral Society In Music
Of 16th Century

Chancellor’s hail, Thursday night,
May 7, will again be the seene ot' the
State (‘oiiege (‘horai soeiety’s annual
spring eoneert. Under the direetion
of Dr. T. i“. it. (‘andiyn, the ehorus
will present a program of ltith een-
tury choral music. The eoneet‘t is
scheduled to begin at 8:30 o ‘eloek.

The guest artists for the eoneert
will be the ilinkietmtu String Quartet.
('atherine lx'rien, ’39. will sing a
lullaby eomposed by i-‘ranees Stude-
baker, 'Jiti,

The program
following
“Hummer

ot' the
ehoral musie:
in,” lﬁith

will eonsist
pieees ot'
is A-Coming
eentury: “Rest Sweet Nymphs,”
Franeis i’iikingtou: “All Creatures
Now Are Merry Minded," Joint ileu—
net; “John i’eei," Mark Andrews:
“0 No, .lohn," lirie ii. Thiman;
“Down Among the Dead Men,” Dr.
T. i“, ll. ('amllyn; “.lesu, it‘riend ot'
Sinners," l‘Idvard tirieg; amt “()iat’
'l‘rygvason," l‘Idvat‘d tirieg.

lit mtdition to the members ot' the
Musie eouneil. the following students
will art as ushers: Katherine Adams,
i’iettv linker, .lattet lieauregard, .\lal-
vina. tirossman, (,‘aroiyn .\lattiee,
Etiatgaret Mattison, amt Sylvia Weiss,
freshmen.

'l‘ieltets t'or tlte eoneet't will be
available in the Rotunda ol" Draper
imll on 'i‘uesday, \\'edm-sday, amt
'l'hursday. 'l'iekets t'ot' outsiders will
be $i.tltl. Student tiekets will be til’ty
eents or est-hange ot' the tax tieket.

Club To Conduct
Dance in Commons
Tomorrow Night

Guests of Newtnan eluh will (inure
to the mnsie ot' iiili linker amt his
orehestra tomorrow night lit the
Commons ot' ilawiey hail from 9:00
to lL’:(iti o’eioek. The danee is open
to all State students, .ioitn Deno, ’37,
gem-rat ehairman, annottneed.

‘ Admission is $.75 per couple amt
$.40 per single tieket.

The committees assisting Dene are
as follows: musie, Margaret Hot,
’36, chairman, lleien llit'arella, ’35);
(-haperones, .loseph ()ttelette. ’llti,
chairman, l'ieien l’rusik, 'ittl; door,
Thomas Ryan, ‘38, chairman, Thomas
Breen, '37, ('haries Kelley, ’39;
tiekets, Rosemary Lati'erty, '37,
chairman, Regina liarrett, ’36, Rose-
mary Dickinson, ’37; deeorations.
Rose Fame, ’37, ehairman, Dorothy
(‘ain, ’38, Robert (iorman, Joseph
Muggieton, Joseph Wells, t'resinnen;
publicity, l'Idward ilulihan, ’37, ehair-
man, Rita iioine, ’36, Ruth iteuss,
’37, .lane Maianey, ’38; tloor, Nellie
Ryder, '36, elmirman, Dottald Dev
Serio, ’37, John (i’lirien, 'JSH, Ray"
moml Walters amt (lerard Murphy.
freshmen.

Amyot Will Act
As Toastmaster

At M.A.A. Banquet

The mental annual banquet ot' the
Men's .\tlilelle .\ssoeltttiotl (sneees-
sor to the Men‘s lntra ninral Assoeltt-

tion; will he eomlueted iu the eollege‘

eat'eteria, 'l'uesday at limit o'eloek.
The banquet is open to all men ot' the
eolbgt, and meal tieltets at‘e lit'ty

 

NAMES A PPOINTEES

 
  
     

 

 

 

Patti Bulger, president ot' the
t student assoeiation atut tnetnher ot'

Myskauia, who announeed the
t ttatnes ot' the appointees t’or .\lov-
. ing-np ilay aetivities this morning
i and who will preside at the ,ilziti
i o'eioek assembly.

 

Students To Vote
On Senior “Mosts”
in Next Assembly

, \’otes for the “l’rtltly/ny/tlr .\losts”
,l'or the “MT I'et/(lyoytn will be eon-
dueted next Friday iuorning in the
istudent assembly, Ruth lidmuuds,
’Jlti, t‘eature editor, atlttouneed today.
This is a departure itt poliey ot'
tormer years when the vote was eon-
dueted in the tall ot' tlte senior year.

“The ohjeet ot’ the vote at this
time ot’ year is simply to avoid the
inexperieneed vote ot’ next year's
t'reshmen, amt to ineiude the vote ot'
,this year's seniors”, Miss l'itlttlitlitlt-t
said. “.\t'ter four weeks ot’ eoiiege
,in the tall, freshmen. with only a
ft‘ew senior aequnintanees amt with
llittie knowledge ot' eaeh senior ’s posi-
tiott iii the student body, are ill-
tltieneed in their voting by ‘less in-
t'ormed’ neighbors amt the appear-
anee ot' members of Myskania on the
assembly platform.” Miss lidmnnds
added.

The “Mosts” whieh will he voted
upon next week ineiude: the tnost
beautit’ul eo-ed and the tnost haml-
some man, the best dressed man amt
woman, the most popular girl amt
t’eilow, the man and woman who have
done the most for State eoliege, amt
the most versatile senior.

 

Six Will Compete
For Prize Contest

Hix t'reslnnen women were ttanted
'l‘uesday afternoon as the ones to
eonipete for the t’resident’s award
ot' twenty-live dollars at the annual
prize speaking eontest. These were
seleeted after the tryouts, when
eighteen eandidates seleeted from the
t'reslintan oral l'lnglish elasses ren-
dered seleetions in the Page iinll
amlitorium. .\liss Agnes l‘I. l"ntterer,

‘William ti. liardy, instruetor itt
'l-Inglish, amt .\lr. Louis 1‘. Jones, iti-
strnetor itt English, seleeted the
winners.

I The t’resbmen women who will

 

l'ltrislet',
‘Minst,
Strong.

(‘ntberine Lyneb,

.\iarie Hinovay, and .lean

‘Densmore To Edit

Student Council

Names Officials
I
For Movmg-up Day

Student Council announces the ap-
pointment ot' \'era Hhinners, ’36, as
grand marshal of the Moving-Up
day exereises seheduied for Friday,
May .15. In this capacity Miss Shin-
net's will direet the rehearsal in next.
lﬁ‘riday ’s assembly.

She will have as her assistants the
following elass marshals: Michael
(irillin, Marjorie Kaiaidjian, amt
lieonard 'Welter, seniors; i’rederieit

liyrnes, Rea lie Gran. and Evelyn
llamatnt, juniors: Joseph Latlratl’,
Mildred Nightingale, aml .loint

Sebanenberg, sophomores; .l ulius
Ilershlmwitz, .loseph .\luggleton, amt
Kathleen Murphy, t‘resinnen.

The program for the day follows:

the eiasses will assemble in the
morning, nntrrh to the auditorium
where the annonneement ot' ollieers

tor next year will take [iltl(‘(', as will
the aetuai moving-up and the tap-
ping ot’ the next year’s Myskania.
('Iass speeehes will he made by the
following: l~‘rank iiardmeyer, ’Ilti;
James \'anderpoel, ’37; William
llradt, ’38: am] .leanne (‘Iit'islt-t',
’3“. The students will then form
numerals on the eampus itt front of
Page ball, during the planting ot‘
ivy, aml the delivery ot' the annttal

 

lvy speeeh by .layne lineltiey, ’3“.

The at'ternoon is devoted to einss
stunts, amt the inter-elass rivalry
debate. .\t night, the annual step
sing will he eondltelt'd on the steps
ot' Draper hail.

.\thletie direetors tor the events
the afternoon before Movingl'p (lay
ate: ('hariotte Roekow, ‘Ilti, tor the
women; amt (terald .\myot, titi, for
the men.

Clouthier To Play
For Sorority Bali
At Aurania Club

Norman (’loutbier amt his Merry

.\ladeaps will he the featured artists
at lntet'sorority Ball next Friday,
from ilziitl tmtil taltl o’eloek in the

.\urania elttlt. (‘loutbier is very well
known amt is heard on a daily broad-

east over the N. HI‘. network attd
also from station \i'.T.I.t.‘. l'rom
llartt'ord, (‘onneetieut, t’rom iﬂzllti

until 1:00 o ’eloek.
Marjorie Adams, ’36, president: of

 

 

lntersorority eotmeii, has announeed
the following eonnnittee ehairtnen tor
the bail: general ehnirmnn, l'lpsiion
iteta l’hi; llowers, l’i Alpha Tau;
nnisie, l’bi Delta: ret’reslnm-nts, (‘hi
Higma Theta: bids, (innnnn Kappa
Phi; arrangements, (lamina l‘bi
Higma; ehaperons, ileta Zeta: taxis.
Alpha Rho; programs, l’si (iannna;

deeora.tions, Kappa Delta; and pub
lteity. Aiplm l'IpsiIon l‘hi.
The week-end festivities will eon-

tinue with inneheons amt house danees
on Saturday.

Assembly To Elect New Officers
And Discuss Tax Budget Today

PRESENTS BUDGET

 

 

Committee Of Whole To Report
To Assembly With Point
Work Unﬁnished

Aetion on the report of the com-
mittee of the whole on the point sys-
tem, discussion on the $13,000 stu-
dent budget for next year, and elec-
tion ot' student association ofﬁcers
tire on the program of this morning’s
ll :10 o’eloek assembly.

The committee ot‘ the whole, which
met both Monday amt Thursday
noons, was apparently deadlocked on
the question of raising the number of
points ot‘ liebate eouneii president
from six to seven, amt had not lin-
ished the ad serialiin discussion of
the system when it voted to rise and
report,

The next part of the assembly pro-
grant will he devoted to voting for
student assoeiation otlieers. The
,inuiors who were nominated for the
ot‘tiee ot' president are: John Dene,
liarry (lumaer, Elizabeth Meury, and
James \'amlerpoei.

The other nominations are: viee-
president, llerbert lit'tml, Leslie Knox,

 

 

and John (l'llrien, sophomores;
Fred Dexter, iii.” metu her ot' seereta ry. .lohn I'tdge. Joseph tieese,
Fttttlettl ltoard ot' l"inanee, who .loseph .\luggieton, aml Danton

will Present the titan—a? budget to Tynan, t'reshmen; Men‘s Athletie as-

 

soeiation representative, Thomas liar—
t'ington, ’37, Joseph La (iratT,
.\gotino Natoii, and John (l’l'rrien,
sopltotlltll‘t‘s.

There will also be voting on mem-
bers ot' Mysknnia for next year. Each
member ot' the student assoeiation
will vote for two members on the
'Myskania eligible list ot' ineoming

Deno ls N.S.EA.
 Chairmanseniot's \\'lIlel| will be read this morn-
i The three persons ieeeiving the

till r.

Conference Concludes On Saturday.it.i:tiivst number or‘ votes will auto-
Adopting New Resolutions :matieally heeome members ot' the new

on PCBCE, Freedom ‘.\lyskania.
""' The budget, w'hieh will require the
usual ten dollar student tax, will be
.presented by Fred Dexter, ,ianior rep-
tresentative on the board. Although
tthis year there is a slight inerease in
,‘the total budget over last year, the
thudget is prepared for 1,250 students
lin eomparison with 1,200 students

last year.
Men’s athletic budget- has increased

the student assoeiation this morn-

ing.

 

 

 

 

:\s a testtlt ot' the Middle .\tlantie
ot" the National Student
ir'ederation ot' Amerim eondnetmt in
the ilotel Ten i'Iyek, Friday am]
Saturday, the delegates eleeted new

e on t'e renee

ot'tieers, amt, following the diseussion
groups, passed resolutions regarding

the eensorsbip ot‘ student publieav

 

. , , its expenditures for basketball, intra-
““”-‘" ""l""'“"f' (It “1" [l- N- “'1” “Winiurais, baseball, amt tennis, but has
League ot' .\attons, peaee, amt na.tdiwumimm, “m. (,x,,(,,,ditu,.,. for
tional youth legislation. football. The assoeiation’s budget
.lohn .l. Dean, ‘37, is the new ttliet‘t'fot't' remains the stone.
Middle Atlantic president ot’ litt'l The t'reshmnn handbook board has
Federation, who was eleeted at titeluski-d for a small inerense. This is
plenary session Saturday at'ternoon.Inoeessary beeause ot' the new point;
in the absenee ot' Robert [\'lein, this try-atom, \vltieli will require extra
year 's president from New York uni tpriating amt paper expense.
vet-sity. Thomas Neblett, presidentI liramnties and Arts eottttell amt
ot' the national organization, tip-Jllebate eottneil have inert-used their
pointed lieno to serve as ebairnmn budgets heeause both pintt tttt eu-

,larged sehedule for the waning year.
gMyskania aml Student eonueil, Lion,
land National Student t'ederation have
lull asked for inert-uses.

The vas is taking the only tnajor
ettt. This deerease will permit the

of all the sessions, as well as being
in ebarge ot' the loeai arrangements.
The other new ottieers ot' this region
inelude. .‘\lbet‘t lie tlue, \'ieelpt'esi‘
dent, t'ront t'olgate university, and

 

 

l

t('on/taard on [my/e b, eolama L')

 

inerease iii other budgets amt the
o maintenanee ot' the teit dollar tux.
      livery organization will present.

During Annual Hunt For Mascot

()ver enmpus and roofs, through

assistant brot'essor ot' lu‘ugiish, .\lr, t'eiiars aml titties. the freshman elassii“”““"“l~' ."“"”'v 'l‘l'V" '“l'i'llt‘d'ﬁ “it ill“

will onee again swarm, settrehing for
the elusive nmsrot ol' the sophomore
‘elass, um] disturbing the dust whieh
has lain in [It'ttt't‘ tor a year. .\lotivn

. . ttion enough is sup died by tile live
mm!” H m I “Ml “‘NH'M’ \l,(':"_lil("l:l points in tntereiass rivalry whieh they

will be awarded it” they timl the mas-
eot, or by the lite points the sopbo
mores will reeeive in ease they t'ail,
Mysltania, as to ptt>t years, will
direet the niaseot bunt, having been
,delegated to ttet in this eapm-ity by

eaeh student with a mimeographed

eopy ot' its budget.

Y.w.c.A. VWill Send

Evans and Stoel
To Lisle Meeting

.laqueline lu‘vans, 'Jlti, president of
the Young Women's t‘hristinn asso-
leiation amt t't'eot‘tlet‘ ot' the thdent
‘l'ltl'lsllttit movement ot' the state, amt

hours before the deadline. in the
elass ot' 'Jlﬁi tinally loeated the innseot
'lodged snugly in the wall ot’ a ehimney
you the root" of Draper ltttll. While
‘owering one ot' their number into
.the deep shaft, the rope, t'rayed by
jibe stone edge ot' the ehimney, broke.
Illt \\:I.'~ only by brneing his t'eet
.ngainst the ebitnney walls that the

,t‘teshnntn within saved bitmelt' t'rom \'irginia Noel, 'JlT, ehairtnan ot’
hurtling downward the test ot' tbetHilver liay program. will represent
tdistanee. The I'eMtlt ot' this neat',tbe eollege at the annual spring meet-

ea~ualty led ehimmys to be exelmled ling ot' the l'Ixeentiw eoum-il ot' the

Ins possible hiding plnees tor tbe‘movrment at Lisle, New York, this

 

eents, .lnrry .\niyol, 'itti, will prob,V

ahi\ direet proeeedings.  

ithe student eonneil at n reeent meet ,tttttrl'ttl.
tag. i Last year no points Wt re awnrrbdt
'l'he allow the brain-ehiht of} A yellow amt gold handbook will liver sinee lttL’Ii, t'reshnmn elussest'or the maseot hunt. title to a slip

.\le\:ttttlet' .ladielt, ’35, last year ls‘lle presented by tlw elass ot' ltlit‘t to,hu\‘e been eagerly prying into thejop. not the r'anlt ol' the sophomores.
intramural head. The tirst hanqnet‘the elass ot' lit-lo, t'ompiling thelerstwbile t'orbidden seet‘ets ot' Hialeahe door trailing to the little Where,
thr a rueeess in every way and ttlliltttlldlittolt, trmlitionally in elntrge ol'lrollege’s ventilators, shafts, and laby-‘the must-oi \\'.‘t> hidden had been1
l'llilll ot' eellnt' passages. .\it'lltt‘ltlol'h‘ltn'ltt'tt, thereby violating one ot' the}

who attended were glad they went. the pinior elass, will he rvltllt'l'tlﬁt'tl by
it should be a gala oeeasion. l“ood Warren lletlstnot'e, editor in ehiel'. lot struggles ensuing from some neo- rules. Retrieving this masrot. how

is

 

will he tasty aml plentit’ul, the tulksl Nine other members ot' the elasa,phyte explorer’s attempt to get out etet', was not without its lneonvett
interestingly light, aml spirits highgwt' Illils lttt\e been appointed by liens ot’ a plaee \\'ltiell he got into still lettees. litilw't'l .\iargison, '.'h', was
Several t'aenlty guests will he present,§inurm to aid him as assoeiate editors. ,graee the winding tIail ot’ the Inaseot eleeted to erawl through the attie,i
ready to eleetrit'y the audieuee hyt'l'lo-y ale: Dorothy (‘ain, ltiehard lntnt. whieh in plaees narrowed down to it1
their wit, Athletie awards, both il'o\, t harles tiaylord, .\luriei (told To date, only two elasses have little met a foot in height, amt bring
varsity amt intro-mural, will be made, berg, .\iihlred Nightingale, David found the museot. The eiass ot’ Itlliﬂ the nuneot baek. lneidentally, .\lar
and iminaget's t'or next year will hemeith, ltamona \'an Wie, Hophie diseovered the totem pole nmseot llltgison was attired in a ttt\'edo when

announeed. lWolzok, amt i“lolenee Zuhres. a niehe beneath llusted halt only live the made the exenrsion.

.« lndes eleel ion

,wt wit elltl.

ot' the meeting in-
ot' eonneil otiieet's for
to \.t .\enr, diseussion ol‘ the tall eottv
ltl't'llt’t' to be i'tilltlllt'lt'tl tll N'ltt‘ttt‘t“
tady, and evplanation ot’ the Mlltttllel‘
[Meier-ts sponsored by the dttdenl
movement.

These prop-rt.s inrlude soeial work
with the miners in West \’irginia and
l‘eintsylvnnia: an industrial labora-
tory in iut't'alo; soeial serviee work
with the migrant t’ruit piekers iit
eeltll'nl New York: and the organizav
tion ot' piaee movements amt demon-
strations all over the eountry.

The

business

