 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 13, 1936

 

v p, 5 State, College News
 latablialied by the cm. or me

The Undergraduate Nevispaper or New York sun
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD
Ian. D. Esm...........-............Editor~iw0hicf
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4814

than A. Beans.......................Newa Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-8266

Guns M. Usaaasa..................Aasooiota Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

hm Dunn..................Aaaieiant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Inner Gonna................Aamtant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vnwnm Sman................Autstant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137

Canon's SIMONET..................Businass Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail Street, 2-41-14

JOHN Daso....... ........Aasociate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 5. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

hunts-a Sun. . . . . . . . . . . .Aesociata Business Manager
Delta Omega, 400 Western Avenue, 2-0701

THE NEWS STAFF

SPORTS EDITORS
Frank J. Hardmeyer, Charles McConvlllc, seniors
Sornouoas DESK EDITORS

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

 

Resources

Rosella Agostlne, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calkins Hulda Classen, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans.
Ruth Clilespie, Marie Geesier, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodruﬂ’, seniors; Alice Barrows.
Helen Clyde Isabel Davldge, Elizabeth Goodlng, Eli'rieda
Hertt, Eliza eth Herr, Joan Kaplan, Ethel Keshner. Mary
Lain, Robert Marglson, Mary Plank, Elinor Suinlley, Phyllis
Vermilye, juniors; Betty Appledoorn, Rose Berkowitz,
Mildred Bodln, Anne Burr, Frances Cahlii, Helen Callenlus,

Xathr n Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong. Antoinette
Don lto Elizabeth Driscoll, Jeanne Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost,
Ella Gifford, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis

Jobson Rose Kurkhill Charlotte Libman, Jean Llcheustein,
Josephine Maurice, M’ary McCiung. Lillian Mosher, Ruth
Mullen. eien Olskl, Theresa Palmer, Mae Rosenbeck.
Adelaide Schmld, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy, Muriel
Stewart. Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocided Colleoiaie Press

Distributor of

Colleéiaie Diéest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-adios, Albany, N. Y.

Plum av Born PRINTING 00., Iran, ALnANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, No. 17 March, 13, 1936 Albany, N. Y.

 

READ, CONSIDER, ACT

If any State student has never before written to his
state senatoror assemblyman, he or she will not lack an
issue to do so immediately. Pending before the Icgis-
laturc at this time is a bill which, if passml, will require
every student of a state supported college or normal
school to pay on enrollment a yearly tuition fee of fifty
dollars. There will be no exceptirms for any student or
class of students.

The hardship it will work is easy to depict. At least
ﬁfty per cent of the enrollment now has to engage in
seine outside job to provide the necessary funds for his
or her college education. This fee would wipe out an
average of three months’ work for most of these
individuals.

In addition, the status of the l"l‘Ili.-\ is none too
stable. Over one hundred students are now receiving
ﬁnancial help from this sourcc. It may continue for
several years, or it may be discontinued at, a moment’s
notice. Add this extra fee nml subtract the above
income and you get the facts. It is compnruble to kick-
ing a person in the face whcn be Is down and oul‘.

A fair pcrceulugc who are just able to scrinlp nloug
may llnd this tuition charge to be lhc “last straw”
and be forced to terminate their college cnrcors nl'lcr
one or two or oven thrcc yours. The prospects ol’ the

program of Moving-up‘ day to Myslrania. As Moving-u
day is a tradition of State and tied up completely wit
the seniors and Myekania, it is only fair that they
should be allowed to formulate their own plans for
the occasion. Traditions should be the last to suffer
changes.

The other proposed-amendment will give the students
a needed assembly period to adequately discuss State
problems. Though there has been no ofﬁcial business
the past semester it does not indicate that there is a
lack of such. The proper opportunity must present it-
self before it can become evident. Whether or not
one in six will prove adequate will have to be deter-
mined, but that will at least provide an occasional oppor-
tunity for student expression.

 

“H. M. S. PINAFORE”

 

 

Assurance that “Pinufore” is to be deﬁnitely pre-
sented next week will gladdcn many music lovers both
in State and Albany. The long awaited annual pro-
duction of Music association will have its usual large
audience of critics to judge the excellence of the Operetta
in comparison with past performances of the music
department.

Dr. C'nndlyn deserves much praise for his ﬁnished
work. Annually his productions in Page auditorium
have ranked as outstanding features in the capital dis-
trict music calendar. Taking the rawest material in

 

the freshman year, Dr. Cundlyn turns the greenest
pmspcct into a product worthy of appearing before
an audience. From a department allowing no majoring
or minoring, Dr. Candlyn produces one of the most
worthy intangible results of any portion of the cur-
riculum.

it next week’s performance ranks with the past three
Gilbert and Sullivan opercttas, no one attending will
regret the time spoilt away from the books and worries
of college routine. The cast and director will be worthy
of your patronage.

 

REQUEST NUMBER TWO

We have mentioned before in this column the neces-
sity of cooperation in order to successfully put over
the regional N. S. F. A. convention to be conducted in
Albany next month, but as the time approaches, we feel
the magnitude of the affair can well stand another call
for help. When one considers that plans must be fairly
complete by Easter vacation, four weeks are not too
much time.

Already one organization has promised its old, but
Mr. Done and his assistants will also require the back-
ing of other groups. State can be a spectator or an
active participant, whichever it wishes. The only pos-
sible obstacle is the expense, and this item, for State
delegates, will be at a minimum.

State does not lack forensic material. This college
can equal any group that will come here. State does
not lack the problems that other institutions have.
Little more is needed, then, than some energy to get
outside the corridors of these buildings and attend this
convention.

All in all, the meeting may be the usual mediocre
gathering that so many of its kind are, or it may be
a huge success, educationally and socially, with Slate
definitely in the category as the ideal host. Much will

 

depcml on the student body and its ambition.
Mystery Entertainment
By SIX Leading Authors

 

 

 

future and of coming a respectable profession will be
destroyed by the blow.
The student body should go on rccord
opposing lhc passage of this. mcnsurc.
AND each individual sludoul should take the [line of
a personal call or the expense ot’ n postage stamp lo urgc
his or her senator and nssclnblynmn to kill the bill.

as dclinilcly

TWO RESOLUTIONS

Friday morning, the morning of nmomlmcnls and
resolutions, produch two proposals which should be
seriously considcrcd by the student body lml'urc “on
Friday, Ono conccrns the placing ol’ inlcrcluss rivulry
and Moving-up Day in the hands of .\lyslinniu begin-
ning September 1, liilill: the other will provido ()nu
assembly in six for student business only, llolli, we
feel, should be adopted by the sludont association.

Inter-class rivalry should not be in the bands ol’
student council bccuusc ot‘ tho uni-qualch rcproscnln
tion of the freshman and sophomore i'lusscsrr-onc l’rcsh-
man and two scmhmnorcs. In addition, student, council
receives notice of when and where the two class bun-
ncrs are in the college buildings, and the location of
the mascot in the annual nmscot hunt. It is possible
that such vital information may lmcomo known during
the course of the business of tho council and n-vcnlnnlly
determine the winning side. With the judging ol’
inter-class rivalry results by Myskunla, lhc wholo nll'nir
will be in the hands of a body ol.’ seniors only, as dis-
interestcd interpreters of the rules laid down.

 

’(liuulln, und 'l'ol'oulo.

 

The second part of the amendment would rclurn lhc

BOOKS:
G. M. U.

(For Sale or lien! in the Comp)

The President’s Mystery Story, pl'tqmumlud by
Franklin I). Roosevelt; solved by llupcrl llughcs,
Hnmucl llopkins Adnms. Anthony Abbot. Rita \\'cimun.
S. S. Van Iliuc. nml .lolm Erskine. New York: ,l"an'nI'
and Itinclmrl. 220:2 pugcs. $2.50.

“A good dclcclivc story is lhc answer to Lowell’s
qucslion—~—‘\\"hul is so rnrc as u dny in June.” llllll‘
drcds ol’ such novcls nrc published cvcry your but only
it l'cw nrc rcully worth the limo ond ullcnlion oi" intcl-
ligcul rcndcrs.” l’rcsidcul l"runk|in ll. liooscvcll
rcmurlwd sunn- ycnrs ago ul lhc l-Ixccniivc Mansion in
Albtu while he won (lovcrnor of .\'c\\' York Hlnlc.

 

 

Six lcnding myslcry and dcln-clhc nnd olhcr sloi'v
wrilcrs nrc lhc conibiucd uulhors of this six cbupbir
volume. l'luch one, except for lhc lirsl, wrote :1 choplcr
nl'lcr rcndiug lhc preceding chapter. The problcm
scl’ l’orlh by the l‘rcsldcul is “How can u mun dis
appear with live million dollars in any ncgolinblc l'orin
ond nol bc lrnccdl” Mr. It'llllon (lurslcr \vrilcs lhc
prcl’ncc cxplniuing lhc origin of lhc book

The soiling originating uround Southampton, Long
Island, cculcrs uboul New York (.‘ily with u dclillilc
purpose in lhc journcy Io l'niulcd l’osi, New York.
In this story llIc common Iovc
lrinuglc clcmcnl expands to n l’oursomc.

llecidcdly dill'crcul l'roni lhc uvcrugo
this theme contains no midnighl murdcrs, no during
robborics, no sccludcd scnuduls. lnslcud, in murder ls
plnuncd, uud uroidcll by lhu \‘Ii‘llill to be; millions in
cash nrc involved; vcnlriloquism und pluslh‘ snrgcrv
are substituted. .\l’lcr nn ‘urliliciul’ murdcr, lhc wil’l-
Is convicch nll bopc is gunc c.\ccpl l'or uu nppcnl lo
llu' liovl'l'lml' Ill. llu- Hinli'.

I“l'0lil lhc cculrnl lluunc ol" I'rcsidcnl
Ourslcr built on clnbornlcd synopsis ol' lhc idea and
oulllllcd ii lo the six succcssl'ul .\mcricnn uulhors.
Surprisingly, six sections, rcprcscnling lrunsilions, nrc
wcll cooidlnnlcd and npponr lo come from lhc pcn ol'
onc nulhor; uo gap is Iol‘l bctwccn llll'lll in style or
time.

To rcudcrs oxpccling u ‘hnir-rnising’ drama or no
cvcnlng ol' thrills. ’I'hc l’rcsidcnl’s .l/Il/le‘l'll/ Story is
not lho answer. llowcvw', by their choice ol’ descrip-
tion of characters, uciion, sccncs, nnd cXcollonl dc~
w-lopmcnl of thc plot, lhcsc authors have crcnlcd in
rising inlcrcsl to climax lho llnnl pages. The plot,
ullhough soundlng simple, involved an extremely lllll‘i-
cute and delicate solution. .

lllyslcl'y plol,

 

 

STATE OPINION

 

 

THE srarrsnis

 

 

 

Discussion of the resolution intro-
duced in last week’s assembly to
change the powers of regulating
inter-class rivalry and Moving-up
Day from student council to Mys-
kunia, senior honorary society, led
the News to conduct a questionnaire
of opinion on the subject. Following
are student opinions on the resolu-
tion:

Ralph Altman, ’36: I am definitely
opposed to the resolution. Moving-
up Day and rivalry are executive
functions and consequently belong to
student council. The shift in powers
last year was an experiment that
proved successful. So far this year
we haven’t had the trouble with
rivalry We did last year, and Mow
lug-up Day went just as smoothly
as before. I don’t see the point of
the shift.

Dorothy Cain, ’38: I think it’s
swell. Mysknnia, as the most repre-
sentative body in the college, should
logically have charge of these events.

Helen Clyde, ’37: The amendment

 

 

 

\\'lll lu- _\'il‘lil llllll sliolllil lli‘.’
linoni'\'i'll.l

 

is unnecessary since the subject was
thoroughly discussed last spring.

Richard Cox, ’38: I believe that
llyskania should assume these duties
since they require secrecy. Rivalry
is mostly a judicial function. and
Moving-up lluy is a matter of trn~
dition and one of Myskunia’s origi-
nal functions.

John Edwards, '37: I’m ngin it,

Charles Gaylord, ’38: Moving-up
Iflny concerns the whole college uml
nccds the prestige of Mysknuiu. As
for rivalry, at present it isn’t fair
to the frosh. Myskanin Would be
a disinterested judge.

Charles McConville, ’36: In the
past. the average Myskunln members
who had charge of the Moving-up
lluy contest know little or nothing
of the rules. Student council has
appointed competent ollicinls who
sntislicd all. Therefore I think the
prcsent set-up should be maintained
so that student council would receive
credit for the new system.

Martha Martin, ’38: Myskanio Is
lhc highest honorary body. It is
nonprejudiced. It seems to me that
it should take charge of Moving-up
Day and inter-class rivalry.

Carol Mites, ’37: If .\lysknniu is
to judge disputes arising from inter—
clnss rivalry, In its capacity as a
judicial body, muttcrs would be sim-
plilicd it they controlled rivalry
from the beginning. I am sure they
would be more than willing to call
in outside help in judging athletic
cvcnts, rather than disport them-
sclvcs on the campus.

Mildred Nightingale, ’33: Since
.\lyskuniu. is composed of seniors,
lli‘llt'H‘ it: would be the most dis-
inlcrcslcd bme to lmvc in charge
of rivalry. Moving-lip lhly Is the
lust opportunity of lhc seniors for
purl icipnlion in student life at
State. so they should run it. l’cr-
hops their four ycnrs’ L-xpcricncc
will bc ol' bcnclll.

Vera Shinners, Hm: I believe that
lhc control of rivulry should be left

in lhc hands of sludcnl council.
"l'nonld ln- «lill‘cnll lo lind n more
dcmocrulic or l'ulrcr plun. llc~idc~.
sllnlcnl council nmnngcd \cl'y \\cll

lusl {\t’lll’ nlul iliuloliblcdly \\lll do
on ngnin.

Elsa Smith, ’Jli‘: The powers nl'
.\|y~knniu ucrc lludilionnl und should
nmcr lunc been louclml. 'l'llc pI'o-
posod icsolnllon will rc~lorc to My '-
knnin [lu\\l'l'~ nnd prc~ligc (but. right
l'ully belong lo nu Imporlunl group.

Sully Whelau, ’Il'i: l’cl‘sunnlly' I
um in inior of tho motion. llou-
I'lcl'. lhc qucsliun nus gono moi lu-l
_\‘I':ll‘. Nu uhy bring it up llguin'.‘

Wlilllll‘il Baker, ’Illl: I lll‘lli'Yl' llnll
llu~~c cvcnl~ should bc in the Inunls

Well, we threw our parties. Seb,
I understand, has been seeing her
emery day before and since. And
I was told that the little French girl
was afraid she’d make the column
if she liramcr the way she did . , .
134’s tall dark handsome man met
up with somebody a “little bit in-

 

 

dependent” . . . news does get
around, even now you’re second
choice . . . Van is going in for
diversification in a big way . . ,
they say Chris and Neil looked cute
. . . Snnti brought a. richly laden
package with him . . . summariz-
Ing, there was at least one couple at
each house that was not something
new . now for the news of
the week . . . Town-crier Charlie
is going in for reusing the devil on

 

 

dinner dates . . Joe of the
tumbling does is having a hilah time
. . the Schenectady telephone
wires are burning up one Miss Mulli-
gnn u lot of the boys were
afraid to go to thc Dorm ’I.‘ucsdny
night for fear of the exact nature
of the social director’s experiment
. I'I. David has been going in
for a higher education up Western
nt'tcr rchcnrsnls Iiilly has
been going in for an ('llllt‘illIUll
and folks, Jim has not only Scored
over union (or was it. ltl’l; cf. story
on king) but reunion . . we
either had to say that or else
Iinnlly, did you notice l‘lbcrs bowling
thcm (hcr) over? We expect an
editorial on cluttering up the C‘om-
mons lloor next week . . . and, so
long.

THE MAN OF STATE

ICOMMUNICATIONS

To run Encrou STATE COLLEGE News:

[’m writing this in the hopes of
getting somebody to read this who
cnn remedy the situation.

Many times student organizations
have been in need of a minmograph
machine for their varied needs. it is
practically impossible to borrow one.
Clubs are issuing papers and boolb
lets as n menus of keeping alive the
Interest of the students in the clubs.
it, Would be a vital aid to the clubs
in their work.

Couldn’t a sum be allotted from the
student budget, In some manner, to
provide for such a machine to be
plnccd where a member of lhc faculty
or a college employee could super-
vise it?

 

 

 

Hopefully,
.\ 'llrl.
l'hlilor S'rx'ri: ("‘oiucon News:
As n student in State collcgc, l
bnvc bccn nppullcd by lhc uoon hour

silllnlion in and uround lhc unncx
nnd lhc cnl’clcrin. The number of
slndcnls crowded into [but urcu is

ncilhcr hcnllhl’ul, pleasant, nor scnsi
blc. In I’ncl, it is ridiculously uu-
jscnsiblc.

\\'by shouldn’t lhcrc bc incilllics
l'or outing in n collcgc ol’ lhll‘ll‘cll
,‘hundrcd students?

r Why should students desiring
l"llIHlI' conifol'l " cut in musty lockcr
I rooms!

ll Why should sludcnls cul standing
luguiusl lhc walls of lhc building?

, l"rom lhc sludcnt point of vicw, l
lsuggcsl. il' bcllci' l‘ucillllcs urc not
llnl'ni\lllml by lhc :ulminlslruliou, lhni
llhc sludcnls llnd n ncurby plucc which
lis lllul'c conducivc lo a comfortable
,uoouliluc rcpusl.

A Socnmuunc.

ol' .\ly~l\unin. 'l‘bc seniors on llml
body lul\c no pcr~onul inlclmh lo
ll)ill\ illll lllll'. lII'I' ll'~~' lIlIi-d‘ll, lillll
lnnc ulorc cxlwricncc in ~ludcnll

ull'uir~ lhuu nuy olhcr group,

Y.W.C.A. Skating
Party ls Tonight

’I‘hc Young \\'omcn's i‘hrislinn
ussoclullon is sponsoring n I'ollcr
shilling purly louigld ul Almonds.
Those wishing to ullcnd should sign:
on lhc Y.\\',i‘..\. bullclin lmul'd ncnr
lhc mullbox. The group \\III alm'l .‘ll
7:30 o'clock I’I'oln lhc lioluullu ul’
lll'upcl' hull. 'l'bc cosl uill bc inn-uh

llvc cculs plus lhc bus low.

The committees in churpc nrc:
gcncrul clIulrIunn, l'urolyn .\l:lllicc.
’Illl; publicity, Mill'gnrcl Mulllmn,

’Illi, cbuirmun, Murion Hhullcs, '37,
Marion llisnoll, ’38, and llilnh l‘hmlc'
'llll; urrnugcnwnls, Ilclcn Lowry, ’llll;
nnd siglrllp, .\llcc licllllcll, 'il‘i.

Board Sets Date
For 1937 Budgets

Ulgnulmllon budgets .‘ll'l' illll' in
morph-Ind l'orm l'or slunlcul npprmnl

“'1 or :Ilmlll \prll 13!), according lo
’lhc Hluxlcol llourd ol' l"iuoucc. .\ll
budgcls must lie pnsscd by lhc

 

llolll'tl lit-l’ul'i- bclllg slibllllllcll lo llllt
J,sludcnl body.

'I'lu- liunncinl sluchui-nh ol' lhc
Lion and the .\'rws luivc bccu sub-
lmlllcd and approved. li‘iuul plnus
rl‘or lhc rcmuining publications \\crn
discussed.

Now sludcnls may pay lhclr sin-
chI lnx l'ccs l’ol' ibis .‘si‘lill‘sll‘l‘ lo
nny mcnibcr ol’ lhc llllillll'c bourd
l\'url l'lbcrs nnd l‘luuuu, Illcud, scniors;
l"i'cul llcxlcr nud 'l‘honms llrccn,
juniors; and Mnricl ilohlbcrg, ’llx.

