 
   

 

STATE connnen NEWS, APR-IL 3, 1936.

 

allege  em

, .  l’l.‘.."'9:¢"“ iii-i018 I

no taste N ﬁber or New York sum
College" for Teachers ,

‘ 9;, ' THE NEWS BOARD
Kali. D.',Eilu.......................Editor-ia-0Mef
Elna Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4814
Esnn A. Edam.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta. 080 Madison Avenue, 2-8266
Guns M. Uranus..................Auociate Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
Pain Dnm..................Auistant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 a. Lake Avenue, 2-4814
than Gillian.................Assistant News Editor
Edward ll. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
Vildima Broth. . . .  . . .Autstant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street. 3-9187

Omani SIHONEI‘..................Business Manager
Gamma Kappa PM, 2.85 Quail Street, 2-4144

JOHN Duo. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Auooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 8. Lake Avenue, 2-4314 .

hour-A Sm............Associato Business Manager
Delta Omega, 400 Western Avenue, 241701

THE NEWS STAFF

Sron'rs Em'rons
Frank .T. Hardmeyer, Charles McConvllle. seniors
Sornouons DESK Em'mns

Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

Bsroarsas

Rosella Agostlne, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calklns, Hulda Classen, lluth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans.
[lath Gillespie, Geeslcr, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
halbaugh, Margaret Woodrulf. seniors; Alice Barrows,
Helen Clyde Isabel Davidge. Elizabeth Gooding. Elfrleda
Harlt. Eliza eth Herr, Jouu Kuplan, Ethel Keshncr. Mary
Lam, Robert Marglsou, Mary Plank, Elinor Smalley, Phyllis
Vermllye, Juniors; Betty Appledoorn, Rose Berkowltz,
Mildred Bodln, Anne Burr, Frances Cnhlll, Helen Cnlleuius,
Kathr u Carlson, Richard Cox, Alveua DeLong, Antoinette
Don ito Elizabeth Drlscoll. Jeanne Edgcumbc, Ruth Frost,
Ella Giiford, Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobson. Phyllis
Jobson, Rose Kurkhlll Charlotte Llhmnn, Jenn Lichcnsteln.
Josephine Maurice, l nry McCluuu, Lillian Moshcr. Ruth
Mullen, Helen Olskl, Theresa Palmer, Mac liosenbeck,
Adelaide Scbmld, Jenn Shaver, Martha Shechy, Muriel
Stewart. Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
hssoclated Colleesiaie Press

Distributor of
Collegiate Diéest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-oﬁice, Albany, N. Y.

 

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments

tossed in contributions. No communications will be
pr nted unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
n-Ohief of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The NEWS does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

Palms av BOYD Pam'rmo 00., Inc, ALBANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, N0. 20 April 3, 1936 Albany, N. Y.

 

ISSUE EDITOR
Virginia E. Stoel

 

()UR PROFESSOR iv'lll’l‘l..\.\'i)

Those of us who knew and rcvercnccd l’rofcssor Kiri-
lnnd were saddened by the news of his death this week.
Although the present freshmen and sophomores were not
acquainted with him, they hnvc heard from upper class-
iucn of his work with freshman classes, uud have gained
some idea of the. respect due him.

Juniors, seniors, and alumni will miss the iigurc
which would unexpectedly appear about the halls, even
after his retirement. For to many of us, l’rol'cssor Kiri-
land brought the first realization of what the term
“reasoning” might really mean. More of us were
,‘jorrcd from our complacent, self-satisfied view of the
world in general and ourselves in particular by his farv
reaching toleration and broad vich on every subject.
Ills immense store of knowledge on practically any topic
on which We questioned him won our immediate respect.

'l‘hougb Professor Klrtluud is no longer with us, it
will be long before he is forgotten by Htulc students,
long before anyone will cease to say, “He laugh! me
to think.”

WHAT ABOUT liAb'l'iBAbb’i

The rumbling of our college “luill-swullcrs” has
has been heard about the halls, and oven in the prcciucis
of the NEWS oilicc. Entllusluslicnlly prcpnrcd to march
to tho Ridgoﬂcld grounds for spring pruclicc, llu- luds
suddenly discovered that their field was to be the culli-
pus of the Alumni llosldcnca hulls. Aficr waiting
patiently for sovcrni days, they were informed that plans
were again changer], and that the administration again
intended to use the Rldgollold park, However, “my wore
to delay pl'liolicc until ilw coulrucl was signed. They are
now waiting, not quite so palionlly, lo hour that the
ﬁeld has been shifted once more.

With the ﬁrst game, with Bard college, scheduled for
tho weak-end luunmilalcly following spring rcccss, the
team is eager to prepare for battle. inasmuch as the
question of a. ball ﬁeld rests not, as one would unlurall
assume, with the Men’s Athletic association, hut wit:
the college udininlslratlou, there is little that can be
done. The men interested in this siorl, which has been
slowly built u) from a minor activity, are cxporicncing
n distinct lct- own. With the contract for the ball ﬁeld
lying in an obscure corinir of someonc's dcsk, the pros-
pect for baseball scams dark lndecd.

Can nothing he dona‘l

 

LET’S KNOWiOUR “R. O. R.”

The hand is quicker than the eye, but all the magi-
cian’s tricks of the trade fade into pastels when con-
trasted with the brilliancy of the parliamentary quirks
and pranks used by our assembly orators to confuse the
Friday morning audience. ,

The average State student knows little of parliamen-
tnry procedure. He may understand that a motion, to
be discussed, must have a second, but when it comes to
moving the previous question on a motion to postpone
indeﬁnitely an amendment to a main motion, he either
sits limply back in his seat and refuses to answer aye
or nay, or he uncertainly gets to his feet for the ﬁrst
vote taken, or even for both negative and afﬁrmative
votes. Roberts’ “Rules of Order” is literally a closed
book to him.

Such a state of affairs, though explainablc from the
student’s point of View, cannot make for democratic
legislation. Take, for example, the difﬁculty in last
Friday’s assembly, when the previous question was called
for directly after the introduction of a. resolution. The
resolution was one which demanded thrashing out; the
tin-ushers were there, girded for battle. However, dis-
cussion was effectively and decisively stopped, on the
grounds that “it’s twelve o’clock and everyone wants
his lunch.” By a simple motion to adjourn, from any
member of the assembly, discussion of the resolution
could have been carried over until today, when the
motion would have had precedence over all other busi-
ness, and no one would have been deprived of his lunch
hour. As it was, the previous question was passed;
the vote was counted on the main resolution; due to the
impossibility of counting accurately with over fifty stu-
dents standing in the back of the chapel, ready to leave,
the result of the vote is dubious.

Our student government is based on the general plan
of the federal government. Because we have accepted
their gcnc‘nl set-up, does it mean that we must accept

also the evils that go with such an organization? In
Washington the technical name is “log-rolling.” We
may lJL‘ a bit more subtle about names for such

machinations, but the facts remain the same.

Why not sci aside one assembly period at the begin-
ning of each your for the discussion of parliamentary
practice? Sheets of essential principles concerning, the
conduction of meetings, precedence of motions, points of
information und ordcr might be mimcogruphcd and
given the sludculs, with explanations and examples of
more involved points. lictlcr still would be the require-
ment, by the zulmiuistrutiou, of parliamentary procedure
in connection with frcsluuau oral English cmu'scs. Such
knowledge is invaluable to students and rapidly last-om-
ing an essential purl of a \\'(.'ll-l‘(lllll(l('(l education.

if one or the other of ihcsc proposals might be car-
ried oul, we would be assured of more cilicicut stmh-nt

sscmbly periods; students would face issues squarely
usli'lul of “passing llu- bin-k": and questions would
be giv'cu u i-urcful, thorough cousidcruliou before their
passage or defeat.

Sl’liiNil lilCl‘lGSb‘ NEAHS

'l‘hirtccu weeks llli\'l' elapsed since we trudged back
through drifts of snow, nloug icy roads, lo classes and
cxlru-curriculur uclivilh-s, ’l‘hirlI-l-u Wi'i‘kH, with one
break of a day, other than oxmuiuuiious, ul Lincoln’s
birthday. Students are so \\‘i'.‘ll'_\’ of the round of classes
and home work, of midscmcsll-rs and quizzes, ilml, (-vcu
lhougll “tho spirit is willing, lhc lb-sh is weak.”

Faculty, loo, own lo :I lussiludc, and desire to be out-
side the brick walls enjoying spring, rather than lcclur-
iug to a class as tin-d us llu-msclvcs, When we return
in April, we will have uim- wccks lo go until the com-
pletion of cxuiuiimlious and summer freedom. ()ur
'lnslcr vacation will be spent in seclusion, friends and
formcr high school classmulcs having returned to their
respective collogos a week or two before We reach our
homes.

('ould not the spring scincsl‘cr be split evenly, with
clcvcn works from Christmas vacation to Easter spring
recess, and rocch in June? Family and students would

appreciate the change.
Mystery in the

: Midst of Paris

V. E. S.———

The House in Paris, by l‘ilizubolh Howl-u.
$2.31). New York. Alfred .-\. Knopf.

la-opohl uml lb-uricllu. dark lilllc Jewish boy and
staid English girl, mccl. for a few hours in tho lull
narrow house in Paris under the supervision of that
strangely lplicl woman, Naomi, and lu-r ugi-d mullu-r.
Then they separate, never to hear of lunch other again.
Hill in those few hours of the sharp shrch conver-
suliou of uu-rcprcsm-d childhood lll'i' encompassed uil
ihc dark lrugcdy hanging over the boy lrugcdy cou»
cn-ruiug' his pusl. and tho hiul. of tragedy in his futuri-
life. How is Naomi roam-clad with this punt? llcuv
violin discovers u purl. of this, in her culmclly of dis
iuicrcslcd observer.

Miss llowcu giws us jllul u hiul of line ulyslcvy

 

 

 

:llitl pages.

'iuvolvcd iu " 'l'hc l'rl-scui. ”; sho builds up her caso so

well that wr- cuu hardly wail. lo dclvo iui.o " The Past "
with her to discover the answers to all the question-l
\\'l' huvo bccu nil ougcrly asking ourselves. “or style.
when writing of tho two children. is so really and
iulvmln-clivi-ly dqu- lhul ii. is the very heart of chihl‘
hood laid open to us.

'l'hcll Elizabeth Ilowon lulics us buck a generation
lo [lll'llll'l' that strange, almost incredible lovc ull'uil‘
which so transl'orulwl four lives. This wu'llnll is
bl-uuiil'ully “villi-u. in u slylc lhni may well placc
Miss llowi-u in the vault of such |ll'l'i‘lllllll'lll writers
as l\'ul.lu-riul- Muuslb-hl uml Virginia Woolf. lll‘l'
lldclily lo di-lnii. hcr llll'll'i'l'llllll‘ slylc, the unconscious
way in which she lull-rwcnvcs humor and tragedy
all lbw-lo mid lo the cxlruol'diuury lilll‘l'i-sl aroused by
lbc plol.

.\ud iu the cud of the book. when slur rclurus lo lhc
house in l'uris. although she purllully completes the
unswvrs to some of our uuerics, we still experience a
la-wildcrlucul. as to lmopidd’s future. Will the fuel
that he has never scan his mother make a profound
dill'cri-ucc’.’ (Jr will ho ho able. to crmliuuc wilh his
(Irv-um» uuirnublcd. lllinkiug only that she “dreads
the par-ll '.’ "

"Bonus  for Future Veterans”

ls Latest. Movement in Colleges

Judging that this country will be
inevitably “engaged in war within
the next thirty years,” college stu-
dents of the land established some
120 posts of the “Veterans of
Future Wars” last month and are
now clamoring for their bonus. The
organization, with its Number One
chapter at Princeton university, lms

been joined by an auxiliary in
women’s colleges known ﬁrst as
“Future Gold Star Mothers” and

since, to avoid misunderstanding, as
the “l-iomcllrc Division.”

A bit over a month ago the “Pay
the Bonus Now” idea ﬂashed into
the world at a Princeton supper table,
whence Lewis J. Gorin, Jr., of Phila-
delphia, emerged shortly as the first
national commander. The platform
of the new veterans demands that the
government pay a cash bonus of
$1,000 “to every male citizen between
the ages of 18 and 36, payable the
ﬁrst of June, 1965.”

“Furthermore,” the platform con-
linucs, “we believe a study of his-
tory demonstrates that it is cus-
tomary to pay all bonuses before
ihcy are due. ’l‘hcrcfore we demand

immediate cash payment, plus three
per cent interest compounded an-
nually and retroactively from the
ﬁrst of June 1965 to the ﬁrst of
June 1935.” Those who will be
killed in the next war will enjoy
their country’s gratitude now, the
platform states.

Public reaction to this movement
contained both laughter and scorn.
As to the charge that its purpose is
to ridicule present bonus seekers, the
youthful national conununder stated:
“Please remember that we are uol
out to satirize or ridicule anybody
or anything. All that we are after
is our bonus.”

Princeton college authorities had
only one comment to make when their
approval was asked for the future
veterans’ organization: “Don’t in-
volve the university.”

Other collateral organizations, in
addition to the Future Gold Slur
Mothers who want to visit now the
graves of their future sous, but cannot
decide to what country they should
go, include the Rutgers’ Association
of Future War Propagamlisis and
the llcussclacr Polytechnic insiiluic’s
“l’roﬂtccrs of Future Wars."

 

 

STATESMAN

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pardon us if we go soph(tl this
week . but we’re telling you
that you’ll be sorray if you don’t
go to Soiree. According to lhc
weather report it may be u frosty
night, but Ruthie will usher in her
man while a certain young
man will be dickcriug around, l"lossic
will take a new lease on life bul
Ill-xlcr won’t be miuciug uuy words
. . double ironblc—doubh: dates
and Dir. will go strong while her
man is bcrnic ng up . . :md
(lohlbcrg won’t be [lying the l'uion
jack—oh, he can go lo hul, says
slu- llcusmorc \vou'l be
ruthless this time |(.l).li. will
raise doublc ('aiu (Kane) .
by~r-onc Packard and she’ll be at
Hoircc bcclcvc you me, l’cggy
will be there too . . .

Lost, strayed or else slolcn»duu it
all! Maybe Bancroft come of age
but it all cable up on I‘llu-rs
uml this will be nudes to youwwho

 

arc lhc girls in the HZ bathtub
picture?

’l'lu- ucws bus bccu huird lo us
uboul Hurry li‘run my brow.
will she have her ban on him lo-

uighlL.’ ()r in il true that he will im
pori his gal from the prison lowu.‘

l‘ucklo cuckIc--—is the spring l’cvcr
almost gone now.‘
Suggcslion of tho wcckmllow

about having all oliiccs cxcopi' ,jokc
colh-clor ol’ the Hello assigned ch'veu
points so that no one will have loo

many uolivilics.’
in'vcryom- took his (‘lll‘H rigbl lust
wcck cud l(l)’s llll\\‘l‘l' \\'l‘lll
[wow and llll‘ uigbliug ulc \\’l'||l lo
cumpbi-ll wth the l’hi ilcli grad
bobbcd around with bar man .
'l‘lll’) MAN ()Iv‘ H'l‘A'l‘l'l

Sayles To Direct
Guest Teachers’

Discussion Groups.

(('ou/Io/m( from [Ill/[1' l, column ll

l'lllill'lllllll‘. iliiill In lliilll n'l'lm'lt. I~\
hibii ol' ll'.\l bnokH; lllzilll o'i-lm-It,
"Wliul llu' High School ’l'I-u 1' liI'l
Sllould ’l‘oucll l'oucl-rulug lh.- luilwl‘
Nulvs Suprema- I'ourl uud Ils in.
visions" llr. lluvhl Ilulchisou. pro
favour of unvoruuu-ul. “\\‘|u|l Ho
High School 'l'ourhrl' Should Touch in
lllll‘l'lllllliillill buw lIr \ ' lii~lv\
profoun‘uul' ul‘ hlslory.

I.|Irrur,v Mil-lion. ill If. u'l-lovl. room
‘."_'I|. .\l||lu- High school. Mia». 'l'hI-lum
l‘iniou, lllh'll'lll'llll’ on library m-I'i'u'l-.
v-llulrmuu "lu Hurvluu illhc-rn. You
Nl‘l'll Yoursl-ll'". Miss llvlcu lluv:
lloyl NI||u-|‘\’|Hul' of rural cilIu-ullou

M'lcucc, illzllll o'clock. room If.”
ilusloll hull. lll'. l‘lurl-lu-c l". Ilulc.
professor of physics. Illllll'lllllll “'l'h-
\vw I'lh-uu-ulury Scloum- l'rugruol owl
llow |I Will lullucum- Sch-mm lu liar
Junior and chlor High Hclumls", lll'
W. W. l\'uo.\. suporvlsor ol' tit-Ivori- oi
lhI' Slulo lll‘lllll'lllll'lil ol' l'illllt“|lll|l|
“A Slump l'ollI-i'llou ol‘ Hololillllc Iu
Il-rl-sl  .\lr .luhu .l. Hlul'm luslvuclur
of clu-mlslry

i‘omuu-ru-e. IlHIll o'clock. room ‘.'l|

llrupcr hull. llr, llcovgn- \I. lurk. pro
l‘ thli' HIv l'lllllllli'l'l'l'. I‘lllill'lilllll. "llll
ll-roul 'I'I'ui-lllul: 'l‘I-rhubllu'r- ul‘
i“uuuliouul .\lclhod  Mr I'hurll-s ’/.ou
lwk. lircrg Publishing l'o : “’l‘cm-hlou
Nulcsumushln", .\lr Harry .\1. llousl-r
llrcuu l'ublshluu l‘o.

lCilucullouul Jilmmuri-uwui M-vilou.
lllrllil o'clock. i'illilll ‘Jﬂll llllNll‘ll llllll.
Ilr. I'lurl li Houlb Ilualrillllli professor
.l cilucnllou, rhulrmnu: “llcmllug in
Academic Yours". llr, .\lnrh- lv', Morl
nrily. I‘cscurch dcpurlmcnl of
Albany schools: “ llovv lo l'm- lln~

Classes Nominate
Student Leaders
For Coming Year

((Wlll/llllll‘rl from par/1' 1, column ..;

llcprcsl-ululivi-s on the .\lcu’s .\lh-

lciic council, (two): 'l‘homns luf-
riuglou, .inuu-s llculc, l'Idwurd lluli-
huu, l‘burlcs Morris, John Ryan;

rcprcscuiulivcs on line (iirl’s Alhh-Iic
council, lick-u (.‘lydc. Mary llurbow,
l'llsu Smith; girls’ ulhlclic uulungcr,
Elizabeth Morozou'ski, l'Ilsu Smilh.
lll‘lll'lfhll'lllilllVI’H on liuunm- board.
(lWUlZ 'i'houms llrccn, l"rcd llcxlcr,
llcury .lukl-d, lloln-rl .\luc(;rcgor,
l'Ilizubcih Maury, ln-slcr liubiu, Vir-
ginia Him-I, Agnes ’l'orrcus; class song
lcudcr, liulh iiritl. l'lvvlyu llumuuu,
(‘nrol Mircs, Anne Hcrvicc, l'lloisc
Hhearcr.
(,‘ululidalc
chccr l(‘1l(l('l',
women’s, l'Ivclyn

for shah-Ill association

mi-n’s, lrwiu Hliugcr.
ilmuunn: siudcnl
association song lcudcr, liulh lirill,
l'Ivclyu ilumuuu, l'llizula-th .\lcury,
(‘nrol .\lircs, l‘illllh‘l‘ Shearer.

Nominees for [be presiduuov of
lhc class of 1938 for ils junior your
arc: Dorothy Cain, lib-bard l‘ox.
i-Idwurd (icorgc, Holly Logan. liliu'i'
uomiuulious include: vice-president,
l'ilizubcth Appcldooru, Iloroiby (‘:Iiu.
|\'ui|u-riuc (.‘oukiiu, ('brisiiuc [lor-
shimcr. llcury firm-u. Flori-uni- .\'cl-
bnch, Mildred Nigluiugah'. Holly
\\'hclnu.

Secretary, ('hrisliuc llt'rsbluu'r,
Rulll lloll’umu, Mildred Nighliugalo,
Slclla Sampson; lrcusul'cr, l-Ilimbclh
Appchhmru. .lum-l llibblc, l'al'olyu
I'Idvvurds. (‘lurl-ucc \'uu l'Iitcu.

iii-pl‘i'ni-lllulivc on (i..\.A.. lrmn
.»\ udorsou. l‘illZillll‘lll .\ppc|r|noru.
'i‘hchnu Milk-r. Florenci- llillgl‘nso,
(irncl- Yorkcy; rcprcscuiulivcs on
.\l..-\.;\.('J), Joseph in: (iruli': mama
gov of liirls’ Alhh-lics. lrnm Andor-
sou. Kathryn liobbic, i'llhcl Lillie,
'l‘hcimu .\lllil‘l‘.

l'oprosoululivos ("Jr on liuuucc

 

bolll'li. l\'ulhoriuc ('oukliu. Warren
J lh-usmorc. l'nrolyu l‘illWlll'lls, Muriel
(lohlbi-rg, Kathryn liobbic, |"loru-uco
Ni-Ibuch, .lolm Hchouculn'rg: |"rcsh

l
l
‘muu huudbook ouiiloi'. Warren llcns

more, .\luric| (iohlbcrg, Mildred
Nightingale, Hophio \\'o|7.ok.

Sludoul ussociuliou clu-cr h-ullcr.
\i'ullll‘ll, .\lii'i' Iloli; IIll‘lI, ,lmu-ph

‘l.u lirall'; ('Iuss song ivmlol‘, Marion
llull, llcslcr l’rico; sludcui ussoriu-
liou song Icudcr, .\luriou liull. llcsiI-r
i'ricc.
, ill-Imrlcr. Muriuu illl'lls. b'ulh
,ll‘rosl. lll-ury (lrocn. Hully Logan.
,Hophic \Volzok.
, Nomiucos for lluI presidency if
ilhc class of llliill for Ho sophomnrl-
your arc: l‘hrisliuc Ailcs, .lohu l'ldgc.
,llcxl’ord lt‘inslcr, llclly Hlu-rwoml.
lWillium 'l'orrcns. ()ihcr nominations
lure: viccprcsidcui, ('hrisliuv .\dcs.
,llollv linker, (‘hurh-s l"ruukliu. llclly
,linyi'ord. linilc Korslc, liulh In-uis.
Juno I'uhm-r: lrcusurur. l":1_vc For
‘muu. lloburi (iormuu, Virginia llllll.
lloborl llorlwig, liichnrd Lousdalt'.
Haul] l’orciuo; secretary. Virginia
,iioliou. Nun I'lmcry, ('urolyn Mullicc.
l.loycc Muycock, .lcun leoug.
ill-poricr, Virginia |“urcv. licrnard
‘(iull'nc)’. Yum lluus; rl-prcscnlniivc
;ou ll‘luuncc board, Neil l“ogzll‘|_\'.
.losi'ph lwi'sc. .ioyci- Mllyi'ocli, l‘idgllr
(l’ilovn, .lcuu Strong.

|h~prcscululivc on (lirls' Alhlclli‘
council. (‘hl'isliuc Adcs. llidilh lluilcy.

stills of ﬂlluulnrillml 'l‘culs " ln- llolou ilcuvr || ‘ ‘ '

. - - - .. clcu iowrv l' dllh
Wayne hopor. wluculloual ru-scnrch [In Nplmn- mull,“ q..- ,‘l -|l I ' 1” | 
lulrllucul oi lhc suuc l’hluruilon ’ i‘ l" l a u H “M'

purl Imul.

Ill"

(('onliuucrl on paw :1, column -ll

