  

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 20, 1936

 

7. State College News
’ lstahllshed by the Class of 1018

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York state
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

In]. D. Earns.......................Ediior-in-0Msf
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 s. Lake Avenue, 24314

Emu A. Rosana”.....................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3266

Gum: M. Unansn.........-.... .....Assooiate Editor
lﬂdward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Pun) Daxm..................Asststant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Hana? Gvnan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vraolrm Broan................Asststant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137

Onomm Sluonsr............... ...Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 uail Street, 2-4144

Joan Dmo. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assaaiats Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 8. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

LLer 8m............Assaciats Business Manager
Delta Omega, 405) Western Avenue, 'J-lf7il1

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroa'rs EDITORS
Frank J. Hardlneyer, Charles McConvillc, seniors
Sornondnc DESK EDITORS
Warren Densmore, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

 

Rsroarsas
Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calkins, Hulda Classcn, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans.
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Gecsler, Mary Hudson, Aubrey

Kalbau ll, Margaret Woodrun‘, seniors: Alice Barrows,
Helen lyde, Isabel Davidge, Elizabeth Goodlng, Elfrledn

Hartt, Elizabeth Herr, Joan Kuplan, Ethel Kesllner. Mary
Lani, Robert Marglson, Mary Plank, Elinor Smulley, Phyllis
Vermllye, Juniors: Betty Appledoorn, Rose Berkowltz,
Mildred Bodin, Anne Burr, Frances Cahill, Helen Callenius.
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong, Antoinette
Don Vito Elizabeth Driscoll, Jeanne Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost,
Ella Gifford, Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobsoll, Phyllis
Jobson Rose Kurkhill Charlotte Libman, Jean Lichensteill,
Josephine Maurice, M’nry MeClung, Lillian Masher, Ruth
Mullen, Helen Olski, Theresa Palmer, Mlle ltoscnbeck,
Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy, Muriel
Stewart. Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin. sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocided Colleoicne Press

Distributor of
Colleoiale Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post~oﬁice, Albany, N. Y.

 

Puma av Born Pamrmo 00., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

Vol. XX, No. 18 March ‘20, 1930 Albany, N. Y.

 

IN MEMORIAM
Tile entire college was deeply grieved to learll of the
death of Josephine Kirby. Such a loss seems particu-
larly hard to bear in the case of one so young alld
apparently so full of promise. We must accept it as
inexplicable. The NEWS wishes to express its most
sincere sympathy to her family and friends.

HAVE YOU $200 TO SPARE?

The ﬁrst attempt at united action ill opposition to
the Mail'at bill, providing for a fifty dollar tuition fee
for state supported teachers’ colleges and normal
schools, will be presented ill assembly this morning
through a resolution (printed ill full on page one of.’
this issue). Tllc resolution would seek the cooperation
of the student body of State college and other institu-
tions which would be similarly affected.

As the passage of this bill would hamper each stu-
dent fillanciully, there is little doubt but that it will be
passed unanimously by tile student association. That
will be but the beginning of the attempted solution.
The final paragraph provides for an appropriation for
cards to be printed and made available to each State
college student to send to the Ways and Means colli-
mittee in the New York state assembly. it is here
that each individqu must do his share of.’ tile Work.
Only by a deluge of these protests will tllc connllitiec
even consider recalling or killing the bill. One thousand
to twelve hundred dcnulnds for negative action along
with those from the other institutions should, however,
make the committee pause before pl'ol-cl-ding too for.

Four years’ tuition will total two hundred dollars»
no mere sum to any Htalc student. A little protest for
a worthwhile cause may we” mean so much money ill
the bunk.

BUSINESS l.\' 'i‘llii Ul.“i“lN(i

The college grapevine indicates that a number of
additional resolutions will be presented to the student
body in the course of this semester for the purpose of
amending or adding to the constitution. Too often these
proposals do not receive the proper consideration duo
them because of the desire to adjourn assemblies, nlld
legislation is passed or defeated because noon approaches.

The student association can fit afford to act hastily
on some. The two amendments to be voted on this
morning are worthy of serious consideration and not
haphazard action. Each has been proposed because it
was felt that student business could be facilitated more
efficiently, and such legislation is worthy of‘ becoming
part of the constitution.

TI-IE CURTAIN FALLS

Another weekly series of entertainment came to an
end last week as the curtain fell on the final play of
the evening presentations of the advanced dramatic
class plays. The relatively small group of actors can
spend its evenings elsewhere and Playgocr may breathe
freely for a month or so.

Though the plays have been well advertised, produced,
and received by their faithful audience, tllc crop of
theatre-goers has always been small. Nevertheless, the
members of the class can be certain that their efforts
are appreciated, however small the number of ‘appre-
ciators.’

The climax of State’s theatre season is yet to come.
The final presentation of the advanced dramatics class
under the able direction of Miss Futterer ranks high
in the spring social calendar. It marks a fitting end
to a job well done.

THERE STILL ARE SCHOLARS

State’s roll of honor, released this week, indicates the
seriousness with which students still take their curricular
work despite the numerous other activities tempting the
individual to wander somewhat. 0f most interest, how-
ever, is the group of seventy-three seniors receiving the
honor grades which heads the four classes. Perhaps
this is an encouraging sign to those others who narrowly
missed the farewell notices through inefﬁcient industry,
or perhaps it is the evidence of what can be accom-
plished by concerted action on one’s schedule.

To those whose efforts have brought their just rewards
are extended the congratulations of the others. Personal
satisfaction undoubtedly is sufficient but the additional
recognition where it is justified never hurts onc’s pride.

OUR POST-MONTE.“

State’s basketball fanatics will have an opportunity
to regain their self-composure since the current court
schedule has closed and the lenthcr-clulsers have put
away their suits ill moth balls for the warm weather.
And as we look back over what we have seen this
willtcr, it was not too gloomy a record which the Purple
and Gold squad compiled for themselves.

With coach and men new to each other, both had to
adapt themseltes to methods and mannerisms somewhat
different from past years. Then, too, the court aggre-
gation faced a schedule made 'as (liflicult us could be.
These were bllt a few of the items looming large ill
November.

The final record of eight wins and nine losses does
not adequately or fairly describe the season. Only five
of the nine defeats could be actually put in that class
as the other four were lost by but one or two points—
a field basket ill each could have changed the outcome
materially. But that can be left for post-mortenls.

The college as a whole feels satisfied with the ﬁrst
year’s product of’ Coach Gocwcy’s work. State wanted
largo colleges on its schedule alld got them. It wanted
to see a team on the court out to win, and it did.
Slate saw many other things ill addition, scale of which
the spectators would rather not have return next year.
A number of these difﬁculties, we believe, will be cor-
rected after this first experiment.

iut as the varsity withdraws from the college limo
light, a vote of thanks is due them and Coach Goewcy
for making the winter week-ends bearable and the wish
for all even more successful season next year goes
with them.

 

 

A True Picture

 : 0f the Poorer Class

 

 

 

G.M.U.
(For Sale in the 00-02))

Love on the Dole, by Walter Greenwood. SHT pages.
New York: Doubleday, llornll ulld Company. $2.50.

‘An English worknuln—when' he can filld work’ is
the description which his publishers give tllc author
of" this timeliest and most alive novel. Mr. Greenwood
Wl'ltt's from his own life, and the lives of“ the ‘llunky
'ark’ flogartlliulls, to create what he also entitles “A
Tale of the Two Cities”.

Imi‘r on the Hole is the first novel by this young
l‘inglishmnn. The Scene of.’ the story is a slum district
ill ll town of,’ the industrial Midlands where llliscry,
grinding poverty nlld desperate insecurity prevail, and
when: normal living illltl loving are impossible. it is
ill this place as ill many others that dole takes the
place of wages, and the pawnshop is the community

 

 

renter. From one job to :luoillcl‘, punctuated by spells
of’ what Americans it‘l'lll ‘on relief". and sickness-u
Greenwood evolves and wriics the story oi’ ll lower

working class similar to his own.

The author, knowing the sccne of’ his story as well
as u century-old l'csidclll could, has stuck to ilwthc
few streets, the shops, fllc llouscs, uml our human sur-
roundings. “Places where men and Women are born,
live, love alld die and pay preposterous rents for the
privilege of calling the grimy houses ‘homc.’ ”

“Lorc on the [Mir is n novel bcuufii’lllly consil'ucfwl
by it born novelist, written with llllii'i'll, bill also with
exciicllu-nt lllld humor," to quote i'l'olll all English rc-
vicwcr writing for the lS'pct-fator. ’l‘ho I‘Inglisll conr
nidcr it among the best performances of the post war
yours and see lll its honesty nml undcrslnmling flu-
fruc picture. A few Americans classify its bitterness
us propaganda and us lll'lll colnnu-nlnry on the lulu

lpmcy of" unemployment insurance as n ‘l'clncdy’ f’or,

insecurity. As you finish the book, you will feel that
some ltllsz-r to this ‘disgrneo to the human rncc' must
lii' l'nllllll.

Although this novel is fictional in character, using
purely imaginary persons, mention of' actual places nlld
ovcnts makes the book nlivc. Mr. (il'cl-nwlmd’s chur-
actors are so real, nlld their lives and speech are so
soundly Woven into the theme that occasional lnodifl-
cations do not war the intent of the narrative. With
simpliciiy nlld vividness the uulhor portrays his chur-
nciors, devoid of melodrama. Occasional humor and
spurts of somewhat puihctie cscftcmollt make the book
readable for entertainment as WI'il as impressive f’roln
Hus sociological viewpoint and from its standing as a
first novel.

 

 

 

 

sms's STAGE

 

THE STATESMAN

 

 

 

 

The latest presentation of the sea-
son, and this year’s Advanced Drama
hit their stride! Last Thursday even~
ing’s plays constituted the best enter-
tainment this year, and played to a
capacity house which responded very
well to the rather serious fare wine
was offered.

Miss Stone’s play was an example
of all excellent bit. of playwriting.
Although it was based on a theme
which might not appeal to the aver~
age State audience, “ Excommunlea-
tion” succeeded ill holding the nttell-
tion of everyone ill Page half. We
feel that if there was any hesitancy
and slowness of action ill the first
half, it was due to the interpretation,
and not to the play itself. There was
occasionally a lack of subtlety ill the
acting, a shade too lllllell vellelncncc
on the part of Baruch, a little over-
acting on the part of Rebecca (who,
by the way, should not prepare too
early for cues, and be visible to the
audience when she should be com-
pletely oft-stage). Mr. Walker, as
the father, acted a great deal more
aged than he appeared. lie was con-
sistently too slow on his cues alul
speeches, lllld the continuous gesture,
with hands half-raised, was a trifle
disconcerting.

We cannot say enough ill praise of
the set, which was the finest we have
seen on State’s stage outside of the
spring presentations. The window
was beautiful; props and lighting ill
ihe mood. The golden draperies may
have been somewhat impractical,
since tlle doorways were used so often,
bllt they are a mere detail.

The rabbis gave a very convincing
portrayal. Mr. Stinger stood out ill
what was to our mind the best thing
he’s done so far. Mr. Bills did his
usual bit of shouting, which shocked
the audience from the mood which was
so carefully built by Miss Stone, the
set, and the rest of the dust. A little
more restraint ill direction would have
made the play just perfect.

And then we llnd “Hamlet”. lln-
pressive set, beautiful costulning, ill-
telligeni‘ly directed, especially the
business around the chair. We should
have liked to have seen more 0'
l’olonius—hc started off to a
beautiful characterization.

Miss Shearer looked lnost impres-
sive—she held her moods well, her
gestures were rarely stiff, and some
of her poses were reminiscent of
Angua Enters’ “Moyen Age.” l-Icr
interpretation was good, but her voice
didn’t quite conle up to the rest 0
her acting. It was somewhat lacking
ill richness of’ tone and depth of feel-
ing.

Mr. Norton did some very nice bits
of’ aciing every now and then. He
detracted from what might lulvc been
a fortunate (and, once, ludl'icrous)
results. lie might well have taken
his own advice to the players to “use
all gently.” Although his ilnnllci
wnsn’t the best he was capable of,
Mr. Norton gave a sincere perform-
unec.

Miss l.ll(il'll:l took a dilliclllf job and
turlled out a creditable piece of’ work,
with, of course, the cooperation of
the rest ot’ the class. it might not be
u bud idea to have an occasional sour
ing into Sllukcspenlc. Ho ends the
one-net weekly plays. We’ll be see-
ing you all in Mayvnnnl bcsl wislu-sf

’l‘lll'I l'l.AY(;ill-.‘ll

be

‘News’ Advances

To Second Class

The H’l‘A’l'i‘I (‘ol.I.lculc NEWS secured

u sccoml-clnss rating for the cur-
I'l‘lll your in the annual (‘ollllulliu
Scholastic l’l'css ussocinfion l‘UiIilll'
liiioll f’or il-zlcllcl's’ (-olh'gt' Illllllll‘fl
lions, the ans board lcurm-d lnsl
um-k when lm-nlbcrs of' tho bonl'd

llill'lllil'll flu- llnmnll itsml'iillllnl l'llll
\i‘lllllfll ill New York city.

Lust .\‘t'llf' the News l'nicd onlv
third class, ill Illi’»: ill llll‘ pulllnn
lion plum-ll second class in llli' l'oln
petition.

Among the l‘flll\l‘lllll)ll .‘lll‘illii'IN
wl-rc cxpl'ricucwl Ilfilll‘lillli‘li\ and
school llt‘u'spilln'l' :lllvinl'l‘s. (illt-sl of
honor nl the annual llllll'lu'oll mini
day was Mrs. |"rn|1hlin l). lloosl-vu-li,
'l'llc Hlulc volh'gc delegation \lsifwl
llli‘ New York 'l'lIm-s building
guests of' the publication and
conn-ullou.

TO PRESENT PLAY

The assembly program for next
week will feature on Advanced
lll'llnultics class one-act play, directed
by Dorothy Whylc, ’Jlfl. The play, an
historical comedy, is the lust. Adv
vuuccll class production until the an
mlnl ilu‘cc-ncl plny scheduled for
May.

ll‘

With the first chirping of the bird-
ies . . . within and without State
comes the tale of Spring’s ﬁrst
bouquet presented to a Western ave-
nue lassie . . . ('lloice made llarcln-
scnrcm‘i . . . my’el's he gownn to rand
on like this forever . . . early Soiree
predictions . . . Owlct and Church . . .
the Foreman and the Seaman . . .
Mc’nu Peanuts . . . Crammer and Co.
, . . nlld tilell mints dextel'ously goes
along for a joyce time. . . . Prominent
young lnen abandon usual dancing
partners to concentrate on new Home,
comes latest report . . . got a job yet,
boys? . . . movie away, girls. . .
What’s more, one sheik is still wurrin
with u dan-dy over ille bill . . . the
King blooms again or else we’re
wrong. . . . liob should be an elec-
trician . . no wires crossed, we
mean . . . gib him some time to gut
nlicks up . . . or is he lnednlliug.’ . . .
The Captain takes iilne out to answer
anonymous phone calls . . . got a date
for Soiree, George? . . llel’ll high
water——t0rrcnts to you . . . or haven’t
you heard? . . . And then nature shows
her true colors. . . . li'no when- the
purple socks came from but ihe Hoplls
seemed blue at illeir banquet. . . . St.
l’at brought out the motherly insiillct

 

in us (l-nl'nutiolls, you Stooges). , . .
Have you llt‘lll'll the trunk monologue
carried on incessantly i‘l'om Milne to
llnwleyi someone should cane
him. . . . Fords do have «plot-r igni~

lions. at least that is \\'l|iil we have
llt'l'll it'll to believe by the llllll't'
fllll ) f'ol'lululic who have been sulr

,iccil-d lo the rigors of’ u duvcllport
ordeal f'oulc in unit as a result.
’l‘fll-I MAN 0]" H'I‘A'l‘l'l

Alumni Branches
Conduct Dinners
Throughout State

The Alumni association conducted
two dinner meetings, one ill l’ough-
kcepsie and the other ill New York
city, during the pus! two weeks.

The lllreiing of’ ihe l’ougllkecpsie
brunch on March 4 discussed a prop-ct
for raising money to furnish a room
in the new Alumni Residence hull, ac-
cording io Mrs. Brilnluer, president.

The New York city brunch con
ducted their meeting in tile llotcl
Astor on March 14, 1936. The oili-
('L‘l's for this branch arc: Marjorie
Blythe, “.35, president: Catherine
Graham, ’30, vice-president: Leah
Brice, ’lT, secretary; and Edward
Long, ’17, treasurer.

The Eastern branch of’ the .\luunli
association will lunch at 111.") o’clock
on Saturday, April 4, at the Alumni
Residence ilflll. [)1'. l'l'oasrlale will
be the speaker for this dinner.

The ofﬁcers of this district ale:
Marion liotto North, ’30, president;
\\'init"red housing, '51], vice-president;
l"lol't‘llc0 Smith, ’3], secretary:
Frances Smith, “in, llL‘llSlll'L’l': and
Julia Dublin. '12, col-I‘t.'spomlillg sec»
rotary.

Retreat Will Be
March 27, 28, 29

of

 

The annual rct rcllt Newman
club will inkc lllilf‘f' on March :57,
2‘4 and till this your, wiill ll‘ulllcr

ohn ll, i‘ollins, former director of'
Newman club, conducting ilu- pro

 

lift"

gram. ’l‘lle l'l'll'l'lll will b:- ni the
Academy of' Holy Name at liﬂ‘i
Madison Avenue.

(in Sunday morning a (‘olnmuuioll

,‘bl'l-nkl’nsl will conclude the retreat.
‘ As the concluding event of’ file
ll'l'lrcnf, n f'omlnunion service and
lllu'cukf’nsl will be conducth Sunday
nlolnlng. 'l'lu- bl'l-ultf'nsi will be ill
in..- main. Schuyler llolcl “no will
bc restricted to It'll) people. The
price oi' the bl'cuflf'ust will be slxly
ll-cnfs.

‘ Faculty nu-lnbcl's who lll'l‘ illvilwl
llo lllf' lll'l'flh'l‘nsl lill'llllll‘ lll‘. .\. li.
’lll‘llliiil‘llt'l', president, Dr. Milton (i.
‘.\'clson, llt"ill, and Miss Ill-It'll ll.
‘.\ltlll‘l:fflll, lll'llll of \\IIIllt'll.

COLLECTS SONGS
, 'l‘llc Hindi-lit (‘hrlsiinn lllill’l'llli‘lll
Iot’ New York .‘s’lllli‘ is sponsoring a
jl-ollt-cfion of' student mownn-nl songs,
The music commiffcc is eager to re
ccivc songs, with or without original

music, lllni would be suited for
use at student conferences. Alilllll‘
scripts should br scnf to .ilit'li
llrown, ‘..’:l‘..' Honill ficncl'a Htrccf,

Ithaca, New York.

All Male students arc invifcd lo
pnrflcipnlc in this program of’ song
writing in view of“ Hinte’s active
participation in ihe getlogcthors ot’
the Hludenf f'hl'luiiun MOViilllUIIL

