 

 

ate College Ne

 

 

 

Von. XX, No. ].-l

STATE Commas FOR. TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1936

$2.25 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issues

 

Junior

 

State Regulars
Go To Syracuse

Varsity to Meet Bridgewater in
Initial Court Tilt Tonight
at 8:30

The purple and gold haskethall
squad will journey to Syracuse to-
morrow where they will meet the
Sy'aeuse varsity eager-s in a court
nratclr tomorrow night.

State, for the first tirrre this season,

will he hopelessly otttelassed. Syra
case is without a douht otre ot’ the
foremost ranking haskelhall teams

tltis season in the east, it’ trot iii the
whole country. Syracuse lnrs dropped
only one game so l'ar on its totrglr
schedule, atul that game to .\'otre
Dante hy only t‘our points. In the
nrnuher ot’ its victims, Syracrtse lists
strclt teams as Army, t‘olgate, I’rince-
ton, all ot' which were corrqtrered hy
suhstant'ial margins.

Sy'acuse hast-s most ot' their
strategy around their all star pivot
nutn, “llig l'Id" Sondermau. Son-
dertrrarr has played excellent hasket~
hall all season, and inrariahly places
among tlte high scorers ot’ tlte game.

()a the ollrer hand, the Slate teatrr
will he seriously handicapped hy the
loss ot’ .lerry .-\myot. It is feared
that Arnyot trill not he ahle to play
with the varsity for the rest ot' the
season due to the condition ot' a litr-
ger t’ractured during the Niagara
game. Iliclt Margison will he in the
starting line-up, hut will he lnrnrpered
hy an injured ankle.

Alonzo llnrnont, ’37, is in charge
ot’ arrangements tor the transporta-
tion ot' ttrelre Inca via lms to Syra-
errse for the game.

'l‘rausportatiotr will he t'urnished
otrly for those trlro wish to accompany
the tearrr on the htts t'or' $l.tltl. 'I‘iekets
t’or the gartre will he an extra charge.
'I‘lrose rtrerr interested in going rrrtrst
see Alonzo Hurnont today. Only the
tirst ttvelve area who sign up will be
altle to go on this has.

State will clash with llridgewater
State 'l‘eaehers college ol.’ Bridge-
water, Mass, tonight on the Page
hall cotrrt at 8:30 o’clock.

This is the, first encounter State has
ever- had with lir'idgewater. No ad-
vance information relative to the
strength ot' the visiting squad could
be procured.

Residence Halls
Will Carry Out
Leap Year Motif

'l‘he tvorrten ot’ the Alumni Resi-
dence halls will 'arry otrt the Leap
Year theme at a Leap Year party to
he conducted irr the Itrgle rootrr on
Saturday, l-‘eln'uary 2!).

The theme will he t’ollowed a
another ot‘ trays. 'I‘here will he
matching ot' rrttrsery rhymes to do
tet'tllitle partners for the tirst dance.
Women will call for the men, and will
do the “cutting” during the dancing.

t'ournrittees tor the party include:
general chairman, llorothy eryte,
’Jtti, \ice»presideat ot' the halls: music,

in

l"lol'ettee .\'elh.-rch, 'Jth'; decorations,
.Ieanette llarlow, 'ittl: refreshments,
llester I’t‘iee, 'ltH: t'acnlty, .lrrrte
Miller, '37; and cleanup, Itita

i’onreroy, '30.

Seniors ito’WReject
Forensic Contests

'l‘hc senior class will henceforth
withdraw from intro mural dehate,
according to u tote which was cast ill
the senior class tneetitrg \\'ednestlay
lltttlll, .\ t‘e tote otl lilih ltttlllt't'
necessary due the I'act
quorum was not present at the last
meeting ot' the class. This deeision
is the Iittal action resulting from the
llehate (onneil’s minor in declaring
the senior sophomore dehule no
eotttcsl.

At the satire nreetiug I"rank Ilurd
arr-yer, nrenther ot' Myskuuia, and
senior class president, Irttltled the t’ol
lowing committees: caps and gowns,

to tirat a

ltoris Stone, chairman, l'lvan l'rit~
chard, tierret'ieve Holmes, Virginia
Flora, and Itohert Noland; hanquet,

Vera Shinnet's, chairman.

WILL SPEAK TO ’37

 

 

Dr. J. Allan Hicks, professor

ot' education. who will address
the junior class at luncheon at.
the Wellington hotel tomorrow.

Dr. J. Ail-gﬁicks
Will Be Speaker
At 1937 Luncheon

.lrnrior lrrrreheon, the second event
ot’ the junior weekend, will he corr-
dneted tomorrow at 12:th o’clock
noon at the rrrnitr dirting rooru ot' the
Hotel \\’(‘Iiilll_{l(tll, lilti State Street.
t>n|y juniors and gtrests invited hy
the class are to he present. Speakers
are Dr. .I. Allan Hicks, prot’essor ot'
education, Alice Allard, presidcttt ot'
the class, and Thomas Meehan, vice-
prosident‘. They will he introduced
hy .lohn I'deards, who will act as
toastmastcr.

The guests include Dr. Hicks, Dr.
A. W. Itisley, professor ot' history,
and l'ilizaheth (iritiin and Karl I'Zhers,
arcrrrh ot' Myskania, senior honorary
society, him are the class guardians.

(Io-chairmen ot' the atl'air rrre
l'ilizaheth Mcury atrd John Deuo.

With New System
Work Will Count
For Point Value

The I’oittt'. System lterision cone
nrittee is conducting its investigation
under the work classitieation system,
according to ltalph Altrrraa, ’itti,
chairman. Hy this system, the work,
time, and responsihility connecth
with a. position trill determine its
point value. l’restige will he eon-
sidered as secotrdary.

'I‘he committee lnts been divided
into ttto groups. The corresponderIce
corrrnrittee will lirst send otrt a cir-
crrlar to students engaged in activities

asking for a detrtiled aeeotrrrt ot'
time and duties required ot’ the
ollices held. The tahulation com-
mittee, at'ler prompt returns, will

 

\\’IIS,

check atal tahulate the entire results
lol' the questionnaire.
i In order to make the investigation
jcornpletely accurate, the check list
’e.il| again he suhmitted to the stu
ltlt uts. The committee trill then. rrnrke
ta t‘itlSSltlt‘t’llitllI ot’ l‘tlelt oliiee III ae-
'livities according to time, work, atnl
ir'esponsihility connected with the
trlilel‘.

To complete the survey. hearings

int“ he conducted on each activity
A with representatives interested in
llhat actitity. According to the in

it'ororatioa secured, points will he
allotted to each olliee.
Merrrln-rs ol' the correspundence cola

llllillt' are: Karl l'ihers, 'Jlti, ehnil'

luau; Alice Allard and .lolur ltyan,
juniors; Leslie Knox rrrrd Sara
\\'helnn, sophomores and lhrutun

'l'ynau, ’.‘ttl.

Mcmhers ot' the tahulating com
nrittee are: Allen Lewis, ’30, chair"
man: .lolnr lit-no and Lester Itnhin,
juniors; llorothy (‘nin and llerhert
llr-ooz, sophomores atrd .learr Strong,
’Iltl.

 

Promenade Tonight Is Annual Weekend Highlight

Aurania Club Ballroom to Be Scene of 1937 Prom;
Tea Dance Will Be at Residence Hall Tomorrow

Dictators Will Furnish Music
Tomorrow As 1937 Dances
From 2:00 To 5:00

 

Under the direction of a girl leader,
Anita Rae, Jackie Kardos and her
Dictators will furnish the rhythmic
strains for the annual junior tea-
danee tomorrow afternoon from 2:00
to 5:00 o’clock at the Ingle room of
the Alurnui Residence hall, according
to (‘lare Leonard, clrairrtratt.

t'hnperones for the at'l'air include
Dr. Harry \V. Hastings, professor ot'
l‘lnglish, atul Mrs. Hastings, and Mr.
William (I. Ilardy, instructor irt Eng
lislr, rrrrd .Mrs. Hardy. Mrs. Hastings,
Mrs. Hardy, and Miss lhrrgher, social
director ot’ the Altrtrtni Residence hall,
will pour.

('ommittces assisting Miss Leonard
are: music, I‘lvelyn Ilunrantr; hids,
t'hnrles Matthews, Mary iilll'lHllV, atrd
Marian Shultes: retreslnnents, ltalph
\'an Ilorn. Lester Ituhiu. and Irtvin
Stinger: tloor, I'Idwar'd lltrliharr: and
ellnpet'olles, Anne Rand, I'Ilsa Smith,
and lleleu Metlowan.

llids are this?” and will he sold to
day in rootn X, and tomorrow at the
'itltil'.

Dramatics Class
Presents Comedy

And Original Play

The .\(I\‘tttleell Ilt'tlttttttics class will
present two plays Tuesday night at
Srlttt o’clock in the auditorium ot'
l’uge hail. 'l'he tirst is an original
play hy Iloris Stone, ’Jtti, entitled
“After the Seance,” directed by
Lillian (llson, ’37. The second is a
comedy directed hy lClizahcth Stude-
haker, '37.

'l‘he cast for Miss Olson ’s play in
eludes Miss Stone, lrwirr Stinger, ’37,
and John I'Idge, Itichard Lousdale and

.lolrn Nordell, l'rcshmen. in Miss
Studehaker’s play will he Frank
llardtneycr and Augusta l\'at7.,

seniors; and Paul llittman and l"lor-
ence .\'e|haeh, sophomores.

t‘onunittecs assisting Miss Olson in-
elude: sets, Mary Lam, ’1sz props,
lu'loise Sirearer, ’ZIT: costumes and
make-up, Vincent llonehnc, ’Jtti, (‘om-
rrrittces for Miss Studelnrker’s play
are: sets, I‘Ilizaheth Meury; props,
ltea Lutlrna: costtrrrres and make-up,
Agnes ’l‘orrens, juniors. Alice Allard,
'37, is in charge ot‘ house for the
plays, and Lula llnt'l'ey, 'ilT, adver-
tising.

 

IS CHAIRMAN

   

 

 

Thomas Meehan, \it‘t‘»[l|‘e.~ltit‘lli
ot' the junior class, who is general
chairnurn tor the junior week end.

i

 

John Deno to Give
N.S.F.A. Report

'l'wo diverse t'catnres trill occupy
the docket ot’ the ll :10 o’clock stu-
dent assemth in ’age hall audi-

torittrn this morning. .lohn Dean, ’37,
vicevpresidcnt ot’ the student associ-
ation artd delegate to the 1935 Na»
tiomrl Student. Federation (‘onvention
at Kansas City, will give his report
on the convention.

Following this report, a panel dis-
cussion entitled “An Attack on. the
\\'ar l'rohlernH will he conducted. A
committee ot’ students led hy Ray-
’ltti, trill lead the

rrrorrd Hughes,

discussion.

CUBS WILL MEET
The News cnh classes for the second
semester will resume separate sessions
this Monday and ’l‘uesday noons in
room Ill ot‘ llraper hall.

 

 

Former Dean Relates History
Of Housing at State College

l-‘reshmen woman, chatting in the
lngle room ot’ the lt’esidenee hull and
entertaining in the pine trad green
reception roonrs, can Iurvc no eotreep~
tiorr ot’ the work leading up to the
eornpletioa ot' the dormitory in which
they live. Miss Anna 1'}. l’ieree, t'or-
Iuer dean ot' women, told of housing

conditions het‘ote the days Hi" the
dormitory.
Students, hack in the tirsl decade

ot' the century, lited entirely in pI‘i
tote homes, with two, t'our or si.\
women in a house. 'l‘here was no or
gnuixution arnl there were no rules
regulating the horrsitrg. llcllu (lurega
sorority was the ﬁrst group to or
goal/.e a house. 'l'hey occupied a II-
at L' llelaware avenue, with Miss
I'et'itte, lrettd ot' the art department,
as eltttpel‘otle. Kappa Delta sororin
soon t'ollowed their example.

Thus some degree ot' group life was
nttairred, hat for a miuiruurrr uuroher-
ot’ students. in ltll-‘t Miss Syddunr
Van Liew, head ot' the lloure I‘Ico
rrornics departrneat ot' the college,
undertook, ttporr her own initiative
and responsibility, to open a group
house on Madison avenue which ttc~
conrnunlatcd twenty girls. The stone
year the college Young Women’s
t‘hristiun association rented a house
on South Lake avenue where live girls
were housed under a co-operative
systcru. liishop (iihhoas ot’ Alhauy,

ttltottt this time, hecame interested in
providing a group house for tatholie
students. He set nhottt ohtairring
git’ts for what is now Newman hall,
and this dorrrritory was soon opened.

Miss Van Lit-w left the college
al'ter some years, and Miss l'icrce
took over the management ot’ Syddum
Irnll, solely “to demonstrate tlnrt the
house etlllltl he rrtrrirrtnirred and pay
t‘\l|t'll‘ul'h’.” She had longr desired tot
see sttrdenls’ housing supervised ant
provided hy the college. Thus was
sotra the seed ol' Miss l’ieret."s hope
some day to convince the ahrrnni that

 

Eric Peterson and Orchestra to
Entertain Prom-Goers as
Throngs Dance

The sophistication and glamour
of the Junior I’ront will permeate
the ballroom ot' the Aurauia club to-
night, as smartly dressed members
of the class of 1937 and their guests
dance to the rhythms ot' I‘lric Peter-
son’s hand. The dance, the second
t'orrnal t'unctiou ot’ the class, ushers
itr .lttnior week—end with Thomas
Meehan, rice-president, acting as
general chairuntn.

'l‘he week-eud’s activities irtclndo
the I’rom at. the. Aurania eluh tonight:
from tlztltl to 11:00 o’clock, the
ltrrrcheorr tornorrotv at 12:00 o’clock
at the Wellington hotel, arnl the tea
dance tomorrow at’ternoon at tho
lngle roorrr ot’ the Alumni Residence
Irall from 13:00 to 5:00 o’clock.

llids tor the l’rom are priced at;

 

$3.00; those for the tar dance are
at $1.50. The luncheon costs $1.00,

tart only .Itrrriors and ittvited guests
ot’ the class may attend this function.

this for the l’rorn will he on sale
today trtrtil 3:13 o’clock itr roorrr X,
and at the Aurania eluh tonight.
'l‘la datrce hids will also he sold

today trtrtil Itzlﬁ o'clock, and at the
Altnnni Residence hall tomorrow.
lllankct hids consisting ot' hids t'or
I'ront, tea dance, and a single ticket:
for the luncheon, catr he hought for
$5.0“ in roorrr .\ until 3:15 o’clock
only. No hlanket hids will he sold
al’ter 31].": o’clock today.

The chapel-ones tor the I’rom are:
Dr. A. H. llrulnrclrer, president of the
college, atrd Mrs. Itrulmchcr: Hr. M.
(t. Nelson, dean, and Mrs. Nelson;
Dean IIelell H. Mort-loud; l’rot’essor
tieorge M. York, head ot’ the com-
merce department, and Mrs. York:
Mr. Louis C. Jones, instructor of
I‘illglish, and Mrs. Jones.

The committees assisting Meehan
tor the l'ronr are: nrusic, Rohert
Margisou; decorations, Virginia
Stoel, chairman, .Iarrres Beale, Robert;

Mactlr'egor; hids, Ilarry Guruaer,
chairnurn, (‘atherine .larrrha, l'lliza-
heth Mor'ozowski, (‘harles Morris;
clurperones, Eloise Shearer, chair"

man, Lula Iiull'y, Mary Lam; tloor,
lr‘red Dexter; ret’reslrnrents, Dorothy
ltusk, chairman, Agnes 'l'orreus, Ar-
lene Smith; queen arrangements,
liorothy tlstrander, ehairnnrn, l’hyllis
'l‘ueltel'.

'l'he gerrernl courrrrittees for the
weekend are: p n It I i e i t y , John
Murphy, chairman, Helen t‘lyde,

I\"athleen Stret'ell, I"red Stunt, ("arol

Mires; invitations, l‘ldward thol,
clarirtnan, ltosemary I) i e k i a s o u,
I"rnneis McVeigh; taxis, Alonzo
llurnont.

 

 

group Iit'e was essential to the social
wellheing ot' the college. Largely
through her ct't'orls, the alumni \vct'e‘
roused to a realization ot’ this need.
In lit;l , thc I‘Iastern Itrnnch ot’ the
,\lnarui nnrde plans for puhlieity and
hegan an intensive program \\ltIt‘lrt
culminated, last spring, in the hreak ‘
iug ot' the ground for the residence
halls. The class ol’ ltltlti is ahont to
hegin its annual drive l’or pledges to
complete the work so ltohly hegua.
Miss l'ierce said, “It was a day in
spring, with the sun shining rrrrd the
wind hlowing, wlreu I stood on the
hill and tratelred the tlrst shovclt’nl ot’
earth lit’ted.” At last she suw‘ the
fulﬁllment ot’ the dream ot’ her long
years ot’ service, a place where stu-
dents might learn to live gracioust

 

and easily rrs well as ctlicieutly.

La Mode Pour Madame
Etoblie a la Couturiere

Attendez, demoisellesl Madanre
la ettlttllt‘it‘l‘t‘ predicts the domi-
trance ot" ehie purple and glamor-
ous white trim sophistique. Moirti
with her soenr t'nhrique, tnll'eta,
trill hold t’ull sway rrs madcmoiselle
steps out from the page ot’ fashion
at .lunior l'rom. ’l‘he ever-popu-
Iar crepe to accent In trtille trial to
trace le contour trill hlend with le

Iisse \elt‘et rrt the Aurania (‘luh
tonight.

l.n Iteinc no one knows tvlrut
La Majeste trill wear-~ which of

these will she choose"! 'l‘rudrtion
t'arors trhite, hut perhaps Milady
trill he unique, in dit‘t'crcutel Hcr
:rttendants- print unryhap, and
Idtte.

Quelquc chose de nottveau--»-\vho
trill he wearing silver stockings,
par cxeruplc, mentioned irt discreet
societe as In deruiet‘ cri.

.-'\nd Ies tleurs t'or Madame les
chevenx trill he adorned.
High arid low, Ies coax; les

epanles, hare arnl covered; hat the
skirts, trained or urrtraiuedmuh,
they will all he long cc soir, n’est‘
ce-pasl

 

 

 

 

