 

IUDENT HOUSING: ta en a new turn'a
' University of Idaho (Poeatello). W'th a shortage
f ' as their driving power and ingenuity as their
hief asset, students have built their own village.
  their own system of government, even pro-
 vided. for many of the:conveniences that todays
citizens demand of their municipal administrations.
Shantyan should ’really have  named Trailer—
I town. for a large part of its “most inﬂuential citizens"
 live in homes that roll in with the start of the fall
‘ term, out again with close of the university year in
. June. Mostly men students, Shacktowners do their
own cooking, housekeeping, much of their own
_ laundry work.

3 }
Citizens of Shacktown
violator of the town's laWs.

"Bus" Brown’s study room is
merely a corner of his trailemabin.

 

STRATmPHERIST Jean Piccard. Belgian scientist. is shown with his wile on their arrival in
Minneapolis, where he is now lecturing at the University of Minnesota. His next flight into the
stratosphere will be made from Minneapolis if funds can be raised there to ﬁnance it. -

HURCHES OF TODAY would be designed

in the above modelled ultrarmtxlern fashion

it" Charlotte Chandler; Tulane University archiv

tecture student, had her way. She's shown with

her original design featuring parabolic shapes

for the general outline. doors. transcepts and
ﬂying buttresses. .

as"

Beans comprise the mainv

. stay {00d ofShacktownerS. Dishwashmg is par of the daily

routine.

“runner (row, no Dam VENTILATION,
KNEE-ACTION, HYDRAULIC BRAKES AND our GAL!
WHAT MORE come you mm m A can ?”

'< .\l
m

ou may be satisﬁed, but (ieneral Motors is
going to keep right on trying to beat its share
[of this combination. 'l‘hat’s the fortunate ad-
vantage of having the vast resources to keep
on pioneering-and a demand for its cars vast
enough to enable the production ot'new things
at a price that ﬁts the average pocketbook.

GENERAL Morons
4 l’uélir~Misdul Initiation

' HM'I‘IOG ' “MNMGIINAC ‘ Illmu ! .1. 8M.“ “ CM’UH‘M;

QUEVMILN‘

 

 

