 

 

 

PAGE 2

Yes, Virginia, There Is . . .

Recently, we were amazed and a bit disheartened by
a query from a freshman which, Simply stated, inquired
into the function and place of Mysa‘ania in our present
student government. Unfortunately, this was a difficult
question to answer despite the constant reiteration of the
point that Myskania is the judicial branch of our govern-
ment. Perhaps the difﬁculty arises because as a Senior the
old picture of Myskania Still presents itself to our mind.

We dislike talking about the good old days, but since
this is the only way that the point of this editorial can
be made to the freshmen and Sophomores, we will have
to break a rule. In the years past, Myskania was the focal
point of student government. They represented a unify-
ing force, and received the admiration and respect of the
entire student body. Presently, the character 01' Myskania
has been changed radically. All of the important powers
exercised by this group in the past have been taken away,
and attempts to return some of these powers have been
defeated.

It is not our contention to ask that new powers be
contrived to “give” Myskania, as it is so quaintly put these
days. Nor do we ask that Myskania be abolished altogether.
We consider Myskania an important tradition at State.
Unfortunately the tradition of Myskania as it was in the
past is gradually being lost because of its new position in
government. It is no longer a group of Seniors who have
shown themselves to be outstanding in leadership qualities
and who have proven themselves in their respective ﬁelds
of activity. We guarantee that if the present members of
Myskania had run under the old system not half of them
would have been elected.

So what is the plan we are offering? It is simply to
make Myskania an honorary group composed of those
Seniors who truly deserve the privilege, and not restrict
Myskania members from taking part. in government as
Senators and cabinet members. if the volume of court
cases were such that our government demanded an isolated
organ to take care of such matters, we could see an 0b-
jection to the above proposal. However, it should be obvious
that Myskania is doing very little in this area.

The Seniors and Juniors are the only members of
Student Association that remember the respect and, yes,
even the awe that was accorded to past Myskania
members. If something is not done about this situation
in the next year a very wonderful tradition will be lost
to State College and to its students.

He Who Hesi’ra’res Is . . .

Where, oh where, were the verdant freshman on Ac—
tivities Day? An excellent program was planned and co—
ordinated by Rhoda Levin and her committee, but, un—
fortunately, more upperclassmen than frosh beneﬁted.

We realize that RPI and Union need their Saturday
dates, and that you have to go home once in a while, but
we doubt seriously that 500 of you were engrossed in some
unavoidable engagement. It seems that roughly 100 i‘rosh
could ﬁnd the fiften minutes to a half hour to survey the
activity booths in the Game Room at Brubacher.

We hope that those of you who did not come to Ac-
tivities Day and wish to join an extra-curricular activity
will do so in the very near future. In the meantime, re—
deem yourselves, frosh, and support Homecoming Week—
end enthusiastically!

M.S.L.

 

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Sci-om! l’liicc ACI’

Vol. XLIII

Member: of tim NIL‘Wb ’ri‘lll may he 1cm iii-ii Moinliiy,
from 7 lo 11 pin .11 211:1211 ldx' ll l‘iioi.i-.~. l-iizpaiiick :i Ii'lni
Zelllf’fu

'l'iic llIiIli'lLﬁIiIlllldlt‘ iicwspnpci of the Niw Yoik Stair ('oili-gi- ioi ‘ll'iulll‘ln,
published nor) r'iiiiiiy oi llli‘ (.‘ollcgi- ',i-.ii on llil‘ NEWS lionid ioi inc Sloth-iii
Aarxx‘lallon
MAItY I‘I'I‘ZI'A'I‘IUI‘K
MAItLI‘JNI’. A('ltl‘lﬂ.MA.‘J
(.‘AItOI. AL'I’II' - -
DAVID I"H.D.\IA.\ »
MARY ELI . JUIINMJN
MAIt'I'IIA I, ," ~
JAMES .\li:IIl'(Ell
ELIZABETH SI‘I‘JNI’ILIL
MONICA 'I'ILASKI'S
JOHN QI’IHK »
JAM ' DOI'IIIII‘JIC'I'Y
JOHN LEWIS - -
ItOIII'ilt'I‘ KAMI’I"
UIIACI.‘ liNti‘iEId
PHOTOGRAPHY

October 17, 1958 No. 2]

lll‘ullil) .iiid Wiuiiii-wliiy
Al'ii J 'lil'lii Kainpl

deitui iii-('liiel

- - Managing hillioi

Business Advertising Editor
- - Astmrlulc Editor

Arthur-lute ludllor

Associate I‘Lilltor
Associate Iidltnr
Associate I‘Zdltm
Associate Iidltor

Relations Iiilltor
('o-Sports I‘lilllur
(To—Sports I‘Jtlltor
Consultant Sports I'ldllor

l‘irculallun-lixchauge Editor
Btutc ('ollrgc I’lioto Servici-

 
 
 

l'iibhi-

 

All (Zullilllillidilll')li.. should be dilllll'u’rlll lo llli' cditoi ltlill must be signed Nam“,
will be withlii-lil oi. rizqueﬂl 'Ilic S'I'A'IE (Itililil‘Xil'. NEWS liballllld’h in, “.Jnmmlmhly
for (lillliiulih (-xpit:..:.cil in It,» tiiliiiiiils oi llllItIIlilIil‘ill.llllii us lxill'll i-xpi'it.»sioii.i (lo not
necessarily rciimi 11.: view.»

.,.v a.
u 7 LI

 

 

(quiz! Kafuu
By Gebhardt and Barbagelaia

DELAWARE—Henry V

We want to congratulate the Dela-
ware for religiously following their
policy of bringing good entertain-
ment to Albanians. While the other
theaters persist in giving us hideous
monsters, lousy actors, and meio-
dramas not fit for human consump-
tion, the Delaware has continued
to present classic movies to the
capitol district. They may be gonig
bankrupt, but it Will be a reiiiie.i
bankruptcy.

Sir Lawrence Olivier lends his
superb talent to the screen and toe
result is a class A movie. See it.
Rl’l‘Z—Teenage Doll

June Kenny. Frie Spain and ii
host of other box ofice attractions,
star in the newest "I was a teen—are
something or other" series. What
a gay, mad, exotic mode of enter-
tainment! Second on the bill is
Undersea Girl, starring a couple of
has—beens or bettcr yet, never—were,
LELAND—Street of Sinners

Draw your own conclusmns from
the title. We did and that‘s why We
haven't seen it. The stars are George
Montgomery and Geraldine Brooks.
This information shouid help you
come to the same dec1sion we did.
Lex Barker and Anne Bancroft
along with child star Mamie Van
Doren star in the second onslaught.
Girl In Black Stockings.
PALACE—The Barbarian and the

Geisha

East meets West 111 a story of
intrigue and passion. wiih the lliU\'l“
goer losing iiinothcr dollar and a
quartci‘l as a result Hollywood oncc
again finds the history books inac—
curatc but is Willing to sell its own
souped-up version to the knowledge-
iillligl')’ public. John Wayne, as a
diploiiiai. handles thc Japanusc
about as tactfully as he did in por—
traying ii marine iii Sands of Iwo
Jima. The second travelogue 1s
Walt Disney‘s Scotland. This short
features the pagciintry and pipcrs
of Scotland.

MADISON—Around the World

in 80 Days

The only worthwhile thing left
to be said about this long-run fea-
t'iii't- is that it still t'litin ‘il buck lllltl
:1 quarter



To the Editor:

011 the first iloor of New Draper
is the only room I know oi where it
is possible to smoke while studying.

I spend about three hours each
day in this room. Along mosi of its
walls arc coiiiiortablc chairs filled
with students quietly pursuing illL‘ll'
studies and smoking. The iw'clv‘.‘
ihiilrs around ilic two tables are
also occupied \v1ih studciiis busy .11
their work. I hch si-cii boys .is \H‘ll
as girls exhibit quict good bcliiivioi'
and brccding iis Lhcy \ll‘dl'l‘ thcir
available space and lllll\'i' qiiicily 111
thcir chairs.

I11 the center of this room is ii
most attractive sectional soia This
too is usually iiilly occupicd. fl is
the coronal lllLl'iH'lliiii. tiic thrcc-
ring .‘ll‘i'llh‘ and disgrace oi Drapcr
Loungi- ’l‘hc occupant. are all (ll‘ill'
iriciids. Onc coiicliidcs ilici ari-
llll‘llll)« 1's of sonic campus sociciy l
illil glad I do iioi know its llilllll'. for
I might iiidgi- the organization by
Ilii-si- ri-prcscnizii1vi-s.

'l'i.i-\ .irc loud, boisici'oiis and iii-
considcriiii- oi ilic oilicrs 111 Ilii-
room llv sonic l,.l(‘ll courtcny iiic
"outsiders" li'iltl' this solzi 11cc so
illill is .iviiiliiblc for cuch Iii'l‘lilllllr
illll‘t'

If is obvious that lack ol iii'cciliiig
1)l'“\l‘lli>. corri-i'lloii Ill llll‘ bi-lmvioi'
oi llll‘Si' pcoplc May I suggcsi that
ii i'cari’iiiigi-iiiciii, ol luriiiiiii‘c riiiglil
piii an cnd to llll‘ iisc oi Driipi-r
Loungc as 'l liiccting hull, reception
room and giggly—lornini by llll‘ril‘
it w pcrsons

 

 

A Student

To the Editor:

In last week‘s i-diiioii oi ililn
papcr two of Albany's inosi proiiiis-
“1.; Writers were put on Ll'l‘ill in the
piibli~ i-yc bi-causc of ii iiiiiliiiousiy
ziiiiii-d qncsiioii sci forth by that
iiiuckriikiiig p.11r, Jl‘l'l'lll,; Jack and
Caustic (.‘oniiic

11 is with .1 griiit ill‘tll oi pridc
and humilin that wc now humbly
iiiidcrtiikc io dclciid llll‘hl‘ strug—
gliiig young aspirants iii llll' your»
iiiilistii: field, In deioiisc to the liti—
IUonlmued on Page 3, (.‘ofiiuoim

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 17. 1958

 

Some find it difficult to adjust.

 

By ()RMSBIEE and OLIVO

   

“And let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set
down for them." Shakespeare
TO THE VICTOR BELONGS TIIE NO’I‘ORIE’I‘Y

We'd likc to award all sorts of laurel wreaths to the two family
members who made the International Frisbee Team. Their pi'owcss 111
the sport was evident in the night game played outside the library
We understand that the Education Department has joined them 111 an
effort to proiiiotc the sport at this College.

MINIA’I‘I‘RE MARI)! GRAS

Homecoming Weekend is only two weeks away. Sonic groups on
Campus have not decided on a theme for their floats. We would llKI'
to suggest that Stililt‘ of thc lit)li"'gl‘()tl]) house" groups do some l'i'i‘l'llll-
ing by adding to the weekend‘s activities. For example:

i. IFG could mark oii' thc parade route with the rolls of iiliii ih:ii
arrived too late to be shown on schedule.

2. The PED could sell the buck editions which never got to thc Stu-
dent Body! as cushions for Blcccker‘s bleachers.

3. The Television crew could make a knit-scope recording ol thc
soccer game to show Py 338 classes.

4. Campus Commission could forcsliadow tiicir iii-w Jill) by [illl'lillLi
cars for the w eckend.

5. SUB could refresh tlic Alumni by serving aspirin, bilillloscltlc".
ioiiizito J'iiicc, and chlorctlcs.

If these suggestions arc unacceptable to the "group hoiiscs", wc
suggest that you start working on your floats and make such "extras"
unnecessary.

HAPPY DAYS ARE IIICRE AGAIN?

Changed tradition's new lcnicncy has afforded our ircshiiicn undul-
.inoiiyiiiii.y, it truly lamentable state of affairs. Wc. for one, llllli‘ to sci-
those purple casic marks disappear; we like to see i'rosli wearing pro-
tcctivc coloring that distinguishcs them from more distiiigu1shcd pi-rsoiis
Yoti. Oh ’I‘riidition. have uniicccssiirily compounded the problems o1
rushing, and we, now that the sciisoii has officially opcncd, do hate io
wasic time and effort upon uppci'clzissiiici1. And so, dear i'ciidci'. wlicii
you attcnd rush parties. announcc that you are a ircshiiiiiii; wiicn you
are fed up with applied aviii'ici- and wish to go home in the ll'i'all .111:
you may more easily i-xiricaic yourscll irom ilii-ir cluichcs bv llzill'i
stating that you are it Sopiioiiiorc. ‘

DUI'IILIC STANDARD I"()lt ALI.

iti-sidciicc ('olliit'll has taken ilic first sicp 111 changing ii icw of flu
irlll-(lllil'tl l'lllt'S goyi-riinig llic bciiiivior of thc woiiicii oi Siiiii- ('iillt'.‘!'
inic oi l.lli' lllil>~l iiiicrcsiiiig topics of discussion coiii-crncd wliciiici oi
iioi thri-i' women may go io iiicn's iipiiriini-nts. i'l‘hcy didii'i .I\ \\lili Ii
ihrcc.i (.‘hiiiigiiig lhc rulcs will in\ol\c llilii’i‘ lllélll‘lilli' llll‘llllll’, \l'l'
iiopi- illill llli‘ inici'i-si shown lll ihi-w ch.iiigcs will coiiiiiiiic llll'lilll'll
ihc long and 111\ol\cii road of l'l'il Lipc liiiii iii-s lllll'llll

WHO 'I‘IIIC III'JIJ. Altli YOI".J

Sciiiiic lliln .iusl li‘t'i'llil)‘ lisicd clonnants io llll' 1\14-d halls of film!
.iiid wc would likc lo i-ouiiicr \\llll .i \oliiiiii- oi our own conci-incd ‘.\illl
ihosc pi-opli- who huvc lllll'l' coiiii‘ibuii-d anything to illi'll‘ school oi
clunsi-x 'l'licsc ill'l‘ illl‘ inlci‘csiing pcoplc, llll' people who ili-sciwi- .iiii‘ii
iioii by llll'll' 1.. 'llll\lll,’ iiiii'acicd iiiiy 0111' bid.» iiii- oil io oiiliiih‘
iii-lilill', .il] iliri-c of you, who are. ;i111oii;', ollici' lliiiigs, .‘xl‘\l‘li|l iiolldi
\llhi‘l'

QI'I'JS'I'ION ()l" 'I‘lll‘: “'ICICK
'l‘l) VVli.il lilllll' (Io YUI' l.i\ illilili"

College Calendar

I'ltlllAl'. ()("l‘OltI~ll( 17

’I oo p111 "I'i'iihoiisc oi llli‘ August .vlooii", Drapcr :l-lil
ll lib piii Kappa l)cli.i (llii’li lloiisc ioi Hiiiicsiiicii

ii ﬁlo pm (‘hi Sigma ’lhciu (llll'li liodsc ior Sluicsiiicn
{Hill p111 "'l'iuihoiisc oi 1111- August Moon ', Draipi-r 114i)

 

 

S'A'I‘I’ICDAY, ()("l‘llllli‘lt lii

i) 00 p.111 lli'ubachci', I’ii-icc and My. licsidciicc lfiill ioiiii.ils
isl'NDAl’. (it"l‘fitil'llt I!)

ll 00 pin. Pierce Iliiil ()pcn House,

5500 p.111 Sigma Alpha Housi-wai'ining

.l ()0 pin. Kappa Bctii Open House

’l‘l'liSDAY, ()("l‘liltl'llt 731

8.00 p 111 (no! Headings oi l.1icruiurc, liriipcr Zl-lll
THURSDAY, ()("I'UHEH 23

is 00 p.111. English I:.‘y'i:11111g, Driipci 349

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER I7. 1958

 

Senate:

Senate Hears Dean Hartley;
Refers Bills To Committee

By JOAN CALI

Student Senate met Wednesday
evening with Dean David Hartley as
its guest. representing the Faculty-
Student Association.

Hartley Speaks

First. Dean Hartley gave it brief
outline on the origin of the associ-
ation after which the Senators had
an opportunity to question the func-
tions of the organization. It was
brought out that this is a non-
profit organiyaiion whose primary
aim is to transact all non-State bus-
incss at the College.

Another function is its regulation
of food service of Brubacher doriri-
iloi'y and of the cafeteria at school.
Incidentally. such questions as the
painting of the cafeteria would come
uiidcr its Jurisdiction. One question,
though, what color could it possi—
bly be? Variegated hues. maybe!

Presentation Of Ilills

The first reading of :1 bill to
a-iicnd the SA. Constitution was
presented by Senator Donald Donalo
‘61. It stated that class presidents
act as members of Senate as well
as the other elected representatives
from cach class. This was referred
to the Constitutional Committee
out of Senate for its second reading.

Next, two bills were prcscntcd by
Senator David Mead '60. The first
consisted of restricting the duties of
Myskania to the effect that it
should only inicrprct the SA. Con-
stitution when it has ii case before
it. 1Do pcoplc doubt that Myskania
has any initiative of its own‘h

SUB Elects

Two Members

'I'hc Student Union Board elected
iwo 11cw inciiibci's. Thomas Hopkins
 and Robert. Harris '60, to the
Board lli ii iiiccting Sunday.
ihclves To Be Filled

David Mcad '60, Acting Chairman
if Siudcni Union Board, .iiinounces
lllil' ihc sliclvcs of the I.owerl.ou11gc
will bc lllll'fl with books shortly,
These books are iioi to bc takcn
iioni illl' Loungi-

Loungi- To Be Kept ('lciln

I11 oidci io kci-p ihi- Lower Lounge
11s i'li‘iill .1.~. possibli- illltl lo insure
iis propi-i' upki-cp. ihc Student
Union Board \\lll iniorcc its law oi
kccping all coaiis and food out oi
the loungi-

Removal Of Student 1le

llc111o\:il oi ilic pi‘iyilcgcsr oi tlic
Siiidciii 'liix (‘iii'd ior the next iwo
coiiscciilnc ciillcgc cvciiis will bc
llil' lit'llillll’ ior ihis oil'ciisu Pub—
lil'iiiioiir. will iioi hc cliisscd 21>
c\c11[»\

The second bill concerned the
age—old question of deleting the 2.5
academic requirement for candi-
dates for President and Vice-Presi—
dent of Student Association. It looks
like time does make more converts
than reason. Both these bills will
be referred to the Constitutional
Committee for further considera-
tioii.

Election Bills Passed

Two election bills were then acted
upon by Senate. One concerned the
procedure for the election of Camp-
us Queen and the other, the elec-
tion of representatives from State
for Who's Who in American Col-
lcgcs and Universities. Senate de-
cided on these names to be pre-
sented to SA. for Who's Who nom-
ir-ations and elections which will be
held today from 9 am. to 4 pm.
Remember to votereand vote wisely!

Music Council
Slates Winding,
Eugene Isfomin

Music Council will present the
Kai Winding Septet in Page Hall
next Sunday, Octobe' 26, from if to
5 p.iii., announces Frank F‘avai. '59.
President.

Mr. Winding. creator of “The
’l’rombonc Sound," has been known
in the jazz world since 1945 when
he toured with the Benny Goodman
organization. The Downbeat" 11nd
"Metronome" annual polls show Kai
as consistently among the top three
iroinbonists iron 1947 to the pres-
i'lli.

'Iickets For Winding

State College students will be ad-
iiiitted free at the door on the con-
cei't date upon presentation of the
Student Tax Card. Admission for
.11! others will be $1.50

’Iickets For Istoniin

In order to meet budgetary oblig-
ations established by the Student
Senate Finance Committee, tickets
for the Eugene Istoinin coiici-ri ()c-
iobcr ill will be handch 111 the fol—
lowing manner

One hundred rcscrvcd seats have
zero placed on salt,- at $2.51!) for pub-
l.i' ililllllSSlOIl

Tit-kill» for thc rcniiiniiiig iiine
llllllt‘ll'i'il sciits 111 Page Hall will bc
d1>i1ibutcd to State College stu-
dints on a first come first scrvcd
basis upon presentation of the Stu-
(icnt ’I‘iix Card at the tickct desk in
Lower Driipcr. 'l‘hc (lcs‘k will be sci.
up from 9 arm. to 3 pin. October
37 lo October 3].

 

Cloihcs Dricrs
Study Lamps

 

Jill: ('i-ntral Avenue

ALI. UI’I’ICIK‘LASSM ICN AGREE!

It’s CENTRAL VARIETY

(.‘(illlttt‘l Paper
()wr—the-Door Hangers

Special Discount for State I-‘unciions

Molding Hooks
Paints

Below Quail Street

 

A It 'I‘

7 5 State Street

 

K A l’ N If B
"Your State Insurance Man”
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

54471

Albany, N. Y.

 

Pecl Kangaroo
Court Issues
Last Penalty

The Fed Kangaroo Court met for
the last time Wednesday evening to
administer penalties to freshmen
who received warnings.

Those freshmen who violated the
Rivalry Program during the past
three weeks were summoned to ap—
pear before the Court to explain
their actions.

Penalties

The penalties were all of a con-
structive nature, and were decided
upon by the seriousness of the of-
fense. They ranged from cleaning
ashtrays in the cafeteria to writing
compositions on the importance of
ti editions.

How The Court Operates

When a freshman comes before
the Court, he is first asked the con-
ditions of his warning; if the worn—
ing is found to be invalid, he is dis-
missed without a penalty

However if the warning is valid,
he is assigned a penalty to be fin-
ished within the next week.

The Court Members

Serving on the Court this year
are two members from each class
except the freshman. Chairman is
June Showermaii ‘59.

Seniors are Renee Wallace and
William Garner; Elizabeth Spencer
and Richard Bennett represent the
Junior Class: Sophomores are Phyl-
lis Cough and John Royston.

Forum Sponsors
G uesf Speakers

Dr. Albert Parry, Professor of
Russian Civilization and Language
and Chairman of the Department
of Russian Studies at Colgate Uni-
versity, will speak here next Fri-
day, 1 pm, in Draper 349, an-
nounces John Cocca  President
of Forum.

American View Of World Events

Born in Russia. he traveled ex-
tcnsivcly in Europe and returned to
the United States wherc hc received
his degree of Doctor of Philosophy
at the University of Chicago in the
history of Europe and the Far East.

Parry has an American view of
world chnts. During World War II,
he was With the U. S. Office of Stru-
chic Services plus being the pro-
gram consultant lo Radio Free
Europe from 19:30 to 1952.
Distinguished Author

Albcri. Parry has contributed to
many American iiiiigiizmi-s, popular
JUUi'llillS and scholarly publications
as well as writing (turrets and Pre-
tenders, 'l‘attoo, and Whistler's
Father. Parry‘s public talks are
marked \‘i'llll case which comes from
his thorough acquaintance Willi
topics sunh iis Russia's ltockcts and
Missiles, Can We Have Peace With
Russia, and Education in lliissia.

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany, N. Y.

 

7517 Western A ve.

I'hune 6-3610

 

 

ﬂea! KW Goad

    

“Did you have your beanie on

peristyle of Draper?"

Friday at one o’clock in the lower

'l‘erry Meltzer is questioned by members of the

I’ed Kangaroo Court for violating a condition of the Rivalry Program

Reporter Returns To GM;
Previews I959 Shagnasties

By DAVID

' . I checked my timing. full-
raced out, and heard 220 pounds of
‘ieneral and 25 of various medals
collapse with the car. . 

—S. (I. News 9/57

That was how I left the President
of G.M., General Motors, one year
ago. It took a lot of nerve to re-
iurii there to ask about the 1959
Shagnasties. I gained entrance into
his private domain by posing as a
young d.h liiwrciice.

'Mr. Motors," I asked, "What will
the '595 look like?"

He shot back. "Don't ask me son,
I only work here; ask Walter Reu-
ther."

I was stopped until 1 told the
General that he's so rich he'd unlike
ii good governor of N. Y. He looscn-
ed Up:

"That car over there is our HAR-
VARD model. It‘s a pip." I gulpcd.
“Son. notice the crepe-soled brake
shoes. the paisley-print fan belt. the
brass buttons on the dash, and the
etchings over the reclining rear
scat."

"If you'll pardon me sirwwhut
is that blob with a windshield over
there?"

He answered. "8011‘ that is the
RADCLIFI", has pink slips be-
nciith the fender skirts. balloon
lircs. and a road-map coiiipiirimeni
to put gloves.

Besides that Son. 111 thi- trunk
and this will slay you is a full sci
of tullcs . . 

"'l'—O-()-L-S‘?"

"No Son. igui'fawi 'l‘-U—L-L-E-S."

l continucd gaping as hc went on.
‘It has 300 mare—power and on tlic
bumpers the famous Cadillac
dome-shaped guards that thc lay-
mcn ciill Diiginiirs"

"llui Sir." I lilit‘i'ji‘t‘lt‘tl. “ihcy 111-
still Aincrican \voiiiciihood, ihcy'rc
riibbcr—padded . . By ihc way, do
you have any spcciiil models. (‘icii—
cral'?"

"()1 course. 'lhai oiic o\'i'l' ihcrc
1s blii/cr—slripcd for \oluiiiccr iirc—
int-11; and :inoiiicr ibl'lliu iiiiidc 111
Washington llti\\'1 has such it cour—
ageous pi'oiilc Iliiil it looks likc its
speeding right ahcad whcii 11's ac—

 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave.
New Washington Ave.
2 uAlmlilts
We Aim To Please

 

I I
Felicia’s Beauly Shop
all-A No. Lake Ave.
(Nt‘ltl' Washington Ate i
"JIMMY" Hair Stylisi
'i‘i-leplione 3-974”

 

 

Try our WIIIMI’Y . . .

209 Central Avenue

 

 

 

2 Hamburgers, Melted Chccsc, Lettuce &
Tomatoes, Mayonnaise, on Toasted Bun
60c

THE MAYFLOWER

 

Corner of Robin

 

GOODIVIAN

tually standing still. That is for
Senator Kennedy. Another comes
with ii rose—colored windshield for
his backers. A third has a built-in
TV. set for Little Rock High School
students."

“Thank you very much General,“
I said. "Is there anything I can do
for you?”

He gasped, “Why yes—MY LORD
WATCH OUT WHERE YOU ARE
WALKING!!!"

The '59s were so low that I trip—
pcd over the HARVARD, and a lit-
ilc bolt followed my descent. A 2nd
and :1 3rd came in a sort of military
cadence. Sounds and screams fell
upon my cars at once so

. . I checked my timing. full-
riiccd out and heard . . . (GLC.illl

 

commum'caam

/Continued from Page 2, Column .3«
miliating question “when will Kap-
iiiil Kapers intelligently write a
movie review" we will list the fol-
lowing logical arguments.

1. The coming attractions for all
'lltlt’li‘ houses in Albany are an-
nounced on Wednesday night in the
local papers, This gives these two
l't ally grand guys exactly three hours
to prcpiirc it review of five movies.
Seeing all of them is impossible.
copying reviews from other public-
zitions is merely reiterating some-
one clsc's opinion and so ii new
approach must be used.

'lhis new approach w'c Would like
io call siitirc or more ..iiiiply laugh-
ing at Albany State through this
popular iiicdium of ciitci'iaiiimcnt.

2. Wc want to thank the Com—
inoii Satyr for believing that Gcb-
hiirdi and Burbagcliitii have enough
iiiii-liigciici- to write “an intelligent
movic rcview.”

Actually the only Journalists with
iiiii-ll.gciici- in this school ciiliei‘
w riii- ihc (‘oiiiinoii Satyr or treason—
ously hidc behind the mask of ii
subversive million that also appears
oii l"l‘l(l2l_\’.

(ii-bliiirdi A- Barbagelutu

 

 

 

’l'hc first Place

To Mcci . . .

'l'lic Best Place

To Eat
THE
SNACK
BAR

 

 

 

 

