 

 

 

PAGE 2

Forensic Foray . . .

Last Tuesday, Myskania, looking very judicial in its
black robes, adjudicated its ﬁrst important case to the
amusement and satisfaction of a rather sparse audience.
The case that was then being decided involved the con-
stitutionality of the election bill which calls for the tem-
porary appointment of student Senators by the President
of Student Association. The ﬁnal decision was six to ﬁve
in favor of the constitutionality of the act.

We are pleased that Myskania has at last had a case
worthy of consideration; we are pleased that it was handled
with such solemnity beﬁtting a case of this nature; we
are not pleased that the procedure involved in this case
was so unfair to the “plaintiff.” (We have put this word
in quotes simply because after the ﬁrst ﬁfteen minutes
of the hearing it would have seemed to anyone merely
attending the hearing without any background to rely
on, that the plaintiff was the defendant!)

We have two comments on the hearing:

1. The plaintiff was asked to give his briefs to the
defendant on the word that this would be a reciprocal
agreement. Unfortunately, the first time that the plaintiff
saw any of the defendant's arguments was the night of
the hearing. This put the plaintiff at a decided disad—
vantage.

2. Since the Chairman of Myskania had already stated
her opinion on the constitutionality of the bill publicly,
why was she allowed to vote on the measure? A biased
judge is hardly a just one. and the disqualiﬁcation of
herself as a voting member of the court would have been
in the best interests of the defendant. plaintiff, and the
school, whose interests all government ofﬁcers are expect-
ed to represent. This bias was also evident in the dis
criminant use of the power to deem comments in and out
of order.

This week an appeal of the case will be made to
Myskania on the basis of these two observations. Since
the majority of Myskania members voted for the consti-
tutionality of the bill. it is possible that rather than take
another chance that the next time around they will be
in the minority, Myskania will vote to dismiss the appeal.
Needless to say that we hope this will not be the case. and
that the proposed second hearing will be conducted with
a greater measure of judicial integrity!

WE Never Make Misteaks...

Have you found, in flipping through your News this
week, that your pet article was left out? By some gross
oversight, did we neglect to include that your group is
having a meeting this week? Did “those nasty peeple in
the News ofﬁce” leave out your name as chairman of some
fabulous event?

Don’t be hurt, dear student, we aren‘t forgetting you—
you’re forgetting us. There is no possible way for us to
place a story that we receive on Wednesday night. We're
deep in the throes of composition by then and mechanical
details are finished.

In order to see your story in Friday’s paper, you must
have it in the Editor’s student mail box by 5 p.m. Tuesday,
or in the NEWS office by 7:30, with every fact on paper.
If the information can‘t be obtained until later in the
evening, you must provide an approximation of size.

So next week when nobody knows about the dance.
the open house, the coffee hour or the meeting don’t blame
us. You, dear chairman, president, etc, can’t assume that
we are cognizant of everything that goes on. for if you do
you’ll never see your name in print.

E. A. S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF i918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

Vol Xfilll October 124. lfiﬁll No. 22

Members oi the Ni'JWH staff .t..i\, tic rI-mln-ti \«llliilili'y lucsilus :iiill Wednesday
from 7 to 11 p in at 15-33% l-1;-.' Ii i'tiones l-i'/patiitk Iirfiiiuii, Allic 'J ’Itiiffi. Katnpf
3-bit?!)

'ii.t- iiitiei'gratiuale newspaper of tire Niw Yotlr. Stali- (‘olli-ge lot Icachera,
ji-ililodd'tl etory Friday of life (‘olit-giv vcai hy iiil' NliIWt-i Hoard lot the Htudieiit

A..»,tn'lat.oi.

MARY I'I'I'ZI'A'I‘IHCK

“JILIIKNI‘J .‘H'KI’JCMAN '
f‘AILUI. .Hi'l'lff - iiuuiliem Advertising Editor
DAV") l'"lf|.l)M/\N A v r - Associate Editor
“Alf-Y ELLEN JUIINM)N ' 4 I > - Associate Editor
MAIL’I'IIA LESICK ~ - - A Associate Editor
JAMEH Melllifill A Ami-oeiute Editor
ELIZABETH SI'I'ZNFI'LII Associate Editor
MONICA 'I'ILAHKUH » - « ihhoi'iuti: I'Ziiitor
JOHN (tl’lltlt - ‘ I’ulillc "t‘iitliollh Editor
JAMI’J‘S IHHHHU‘JI'I‘Y - ’ ('trﬁllurts Editor
JOHN LEWIS - » (To-Sport» Editor
H‘IH‘IIt'i‘ KAMI'F ('oniiuitauit Sports Editor
0 ACE ENUEI.5 (‘iiciiiulioo-Exchange Editor

PHOTOGRAPHY Mate f'olicge Photo Service

i-.ilitor-iii-(‘Iiii~f
Managing Editor

All tioiiittiitiiitiitioiis should he ulfifiii'hhl'ii to the eil.toi' and must be signed Names
will be withheld on requtmL 'l‘nc i-l'l'A’i'E CULIJ'LHE NEWH :is:.iiiiies no rm-jmnaiillli‘ly
for opinions expressed in its toiuinim or lUfllilliiiiif'dllillih, as such t-Xpt'u:..~.ioiis do not
noceiisurily l'trfli‘iii. its views

 i

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1958

 

Notice

All graduate students and
Seniors who are majoring in
English are requested to sign up
in Placement Ofﬁce for an in-
terview with Mr. Clinton J.
Roberts, Director of the Place-
ment Bureau.

Interviews will be conducted
for English majors during the
week of October 27. Regardless
of future plans, it is necessary
that registration be completed
before graduation. Registration
includes being interviewed.

Ka’u'tal (spud

By Gebhardt and Barbagelata

 

Before we plunge into this week's
review of the blood and gore that.
Hollywood has enotigh guts to call
entertainment, we would like to
call your attention to probably the
tnost enjoyable two hours you will
spend here at school this year. I am
referring to the jazz concert this
Sunday afternoon from :i to 5 pm
We have heard Kai Winding before
and believe us. fans. this concert
will be well worth yoitr time.
PALACE

A Street (‘zir Named Desire —
This is it gang. the ripped T shirt
is coming back in style. Brando and
Vivien Leigh are magnificent in this
Academy Award winning flick. 0111'
only criticism is that this '.llOVl(‘ is
so depressing that twenty—five pco~
ple went out and killed themselves
last week. Fortunately none were
State students due to the incl that
Niltl students thought said movie was
a comedy.

Co-i'cniure is An Affair to Re-
member. A fine heart-warining
story guaranteed to reduce that
snecrinu. snickcring boyfriend into
it babbling. incoherent idiot. Cary
Grant is funny; Deborah Kerr is
lovely; and the movie is ten years
old.

LELAND

The Gun Runners Based on a
story by Ernest Hemmingway. this
base movie will never get to first
base as far as we‘re concerned. Att-
die Murphy broke away from telling
war stories long enough to star in
this flop. Oh well, better days are
coming Second on the bill is Bayou.
'In the Cajun country when you‘re
fifteen. you are a woman." This ad—
vertisemcnt sounds very good, but
what happens to fourteen year, 364
(luv old boys?

MADISON

I’arisicnne Bridget at her best
tor worst». depending on whichever
way you look at. it for heri. There's
all kinds of action in this slow
moving flick. and most of it is done
by sweet. innocent unadulterated
Bardot herself. All you need to enjoy
this movie is a pair of binoculars
and a pcrvurted mind. We know, We
sat through it three times.

From Ilell to Texas Sitting
through this name kids. is Hell.
and ’i'exas isn't tnuch better. Lotsa
guns go bang! bang! Cowboys get
hitried on the lone prairie, and we
walked out after five minutes be-
cause it wasn't classified as an
"Adult Western."

ItI'I".

I‘Tilllkl‘llsttflll lil70 ‘Blil‘ls Ktii‘loii
climbs ottt of his wheelchair to do
an excellent performance based oii
the stories of our lives. and box,
kids, is if goi'ey! .lcepers creepers.
we were so scared that we had to
iiold hands through the whole movie
What it mess the lllll\lt‘. linil is.

liiscinimdieti fiends roll, arches
fall and bodies i;tll :iparl all over
the pin 'c in this real peachy kccii
.‘iiltii'lxtilillllil.

Notice

lteverend l) o n ii i d Starks,
chaplain to Newman Hub. and
the Reverend l‘TiilIit Sn 0 w,
(‘anipiis Minister to Protestant
students, announce that they
plan to be available for consult-
ation according to the following
schedule: Father Starks—Week-
days from if) amp. to i2 p.ni. and
Mr. Siniw—Wecfiiltiys from [if
am. to ix p.ln. and I to 2 pm.
Students can make arrange-
ments to see them in the new
interview room (Lower Draper
ltooin iii by leaving requests in
that room.

 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 

 
 
 
 

“Some people just don't like movies.“

 

Gammon-Slade);

By ()RMSBEE and OLIVO

   

Fear not, my Lord, we will not stand to priite. 'l‘alkers are no good
doors." Shakespeare

FAITH. AN' ITS GOOD TO ll.-\\'E Ytil' BM‘K

Welcome back to the hallowed. chartreuse and black, 7.(‘l)l':l-Sll‘l])t‘(i
halls. Things haven‘t really changed very much. We still have long.
long lines. iDon't. forget to attend the l"thllli._\'-Alllllllll reception» We
still have ti dirty. crowded cafeteria. We still have overstuffed mail-
boxes. We still have last year‘s cold germs and cigarette coughs. chct'~
fhelcss. there have been some innovations, and we hope that you will
have a chance to notice sonic of the changes that have taken place
this year. (A student parking lot, sand ttriis for hallway smokers, coit—
i'cssionals, etc.I

()ll. WIIA’I‘ l.l(iIl’[‘ 'I‘IlI{()l.'GIl YONDER . . . and so forth
The Rivalry skits should be really terrific this year. From the vci'i‘
beginning, the Sophs have been operating on a \‘cry theatrical basis.
(We heard of ti bit of difficulty among the fctnincs fat-ales: ’f‘hc irosh.
of course, are working feverishly to present . . . "a cast of thousands
. ."eso you say.

REBI'T’IXH. 0R REBl'Ii‘Ii‘

Nasty break for the Soccer Team . . . at Plattsbui'it, that is. First
time in years that State has fallen to Cardinals. but we showed ‘cni:
One wouldn‘t think that a little sheet could drive a whole team away
frotn the playing field. but the reason why lies in Article 13, Section D
of the Sports page.

ENIGMA 0!" OH! ()WN PHOENIX

Senate seems to be writing its own language again; last Wednesday.
"it" became the third reading of an amendment. and Power pl funde-
finedi became. most miraculously, Power :4 tyct undefined.) Myskania
was feted again and again in discusston; Senate fears that the grand
tribunal will tisurp precious I’ower. while Myskania chides Senate for
its fright. As Senate searches for a convenient niche for the judiciary.
the court is reluctant to accept the tarnish with which titne, change.
and idleness work to obscure that old anti once golden lustre. We would
like to see Myskania polish up its once proud traditions, and act as
if it. really merited exislcncc. Perhaps forgotten keys are the answer.
bright. shining keys.

NEARLY NABBEI) HIM

A group house girl went to her back yard to bring in the laundry.
and surprised an elderly man ill the act of taking in her washing for
obviously ulterior purposes. The thief, startled into headlong flight in
our stout hearted sleuth. boiled to his getaway vehicle post haste. a
Western Avenue bus. ()utstnartcd bttt nndtiunted. our heroine has en-
rollcd lll Sophomore gym classes a sciond time to gain endurance lll ilic
chase and fleetei' feet. Next time. that sneak—thicvmg, parity—snatching
dirty guy won't get so slickly away. She'd litch captured llllll this tnnc.
had it 110' been for the kind offices of the city 'l‘ratisit. Hct'vicc.

SPEAKING OI" AVERAGES

I Senate, wisely enough. decided not to compound contusion by lower»
ing the academic requirements for candidates. In a rcpi'escntutivc type
of governtncnl. we should not like to be represented by pi'olmtionai‘i
or below persons.

IN’I‘I'IIUCS’I‘INU IN'I‘EIHCS'l‘

Kapiftil Kttpcrs nonitlistiindnig. the Delaware‘s Hlliilii'hpt'iilt‘ illili
was well attended by State students We suppose lhat they did not rein-w
the liltn in our News because that would necessitate ,i pctnsal of the
written play
(‘l'l-JS'I‘HW tilt THE WEEK

Wouldn't you like to sci- ll t‘aiii loinorrow'}

College Calendar

It‘ltlliAi’. ti("l‘()liEIt it

out) pm. Soc flop. fii'u inning ltoolii.
1 oil p in .Junior Class Meeting, l)‘.£il.
1 fit) pin i“(ii'lilll Speaker, l):irifi.

 

 

s‘A’l‘l'ItliAY. ti("l'()ltl£lt :55
2.00 1).lll. Soccer ()swego vs State, lilccckei'.

MONDAY. ()("I‘flltElt 27

will) p.in Opening of ltichard (Irist's Art Exhibit, “349,
83:“) p.in. Phi Delta Coffee flour for Alpha i’l Alpha,
tiaiti p.m. Chi Sigma Theta with it'l‘ii’.

9:15 p.m. (lamina Kappa Phi with Sigma Lambda Sigma

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28
8:00 |).lll. ()ral Intcrp DIMQ.

 

   

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1958

Mu/iifudes Light Bonnie Fire
0/ Hommingcum Celebration

By DAVID

Know Ye All. 0 People of the far—
flung Empire. that tonight starts
the annual ithtit is to say. yearly
at this timei Hommingcum.

The inttltitude shall assemble on
the Great Field to see the Bonnie
Fire lit tonightvus well as many
of the populace and mayhap e‘en
the aristocracy. Wonderous shall be
these celebrations in preparation for
the marvelous events that shall fol-
low on the morrow.

At the Coliseum. Citizens and
others. shall the Games be held.
The entrants and the populace shall
form a Grand March tin gay. fes-
tiiiotts. celeln'ation-type array, of
course) from the Royal Grounds to
the Arena. On hand will be the
Queen tor two». the nobles and their
squit'cs, the royal dancers and sing-
ers and special presentations by the
other classes tno sports cars this
your».

The tray shall proceed when all
have reached the designated area.
As usual, the bloody battle shall be
between ottr Finest Warriors anti the
Dreaded Oswegonians. While the
sides ttrc restitig and reconnoitering
there shall be a humorous battle
hetwein the members of the Royal
House and a select group of the

CouncilOffers
Homecoming
Jazz Concert

Sunday afternoon from if to  j).lll.
Music Cot:nctl will present the Kai
Wintling Scptet ill :1 Jam Concert
at Page llall. announces Frank Fav-
at '39, President.

Admission to State College siti-
ticnts is by student tux cards which
will be checked at the auditorium
dcct‘, A lttnited number of reserved
seats w'lll be available to the pttblic.

Winding

Winding itttide his first appear-
ance of any college here at State
h it'\\' years ago. He has since tour-
czi through the United States ap—
pearing at llliill\' colleges and uni—
vcrsities. anti has just returned
from a I‘luropean tour.

His newest group features four
trombones representing the "Trom-
bone Sound."

lstomin Next It‘riday

Next Friday the Council will prc~
sent lilllgt'llt' lrifiilllll in Page Hall;
admission will be by student tax
curd.

'liz-kcls tor \jit‘t'lill‘il scnls iii the
auditorium can be obtained ill
Lower Draper peristyle. Monday
through i“l'l(iil)‘ front 9 a ill. to 3 pin.
Sonic i't'scl'tt'ti scats will be mail-
ziblc to the public

lstoniin is famed throughout six
coitlnicnt-, and has won both the
Pl iladi-lphia Orchestra Youth con-
tcst .il|(l the Edgar M. la-vcntriti
l-‘mtndatton Award

SignumLaudis
Elects Seniors

'i'wcl\c Seniors have been elected
to Flglllllli latudis. the State College
lioiioi'tii'i Scholastic l"i:ilt-i'tiiiy‘. .tc—
t'iil'lllllt' to llarimi'tt 'l'liiclc, oil. Hitt—
dint Heft-clan of the iil';',itlll/.illlllll
From Top Ten l'er (‘cnt

lill' filiit‘iiln were illithi'ii il'tilll
the top it'll pct will of flu .‘a'l'lll'll‘
ti.|‘w 'llic_\ .llt' a.» ioilows: Susan
H (‘,.iintcli.icl. l.ilh.iii l. (‘titioiint
lioiolin ;\ li:|\i.‘x iiitl'iMl'H A. lllll
lllilil .-\ .\lifl1'illi'i llo\\.iitl. (iloi'ia
ltnii. .\lc\ci. lfoland A Mtnch.
J.uiic~ it.“ l‘owci,-., lfalph H Hpuns-
wick l‘.\il Mary Howalsky. Wlilltllll
i) 'luiiihull. and Ntil'llllill l) Watt-i-
ii|ll‘\

Initiation In December

'llic Ncw members of Htgninn
inilltils will be initiated at a dinner
to be held if) their honor in t'iil'i)’
llccciiiiici'

Kappa Mu Epsilon

The National llonot'ary Mathe-
matics l"l'tiit'l'illi)’, Kappa Mn Ep-
silon will have a meeting ’I‘liursday
at it pin in llrubachei' Hall. The
purpose of this meeting is to elect
new members lllio the organization

FELDMAN

People. It is requested that the Peo-
ple do not forget for whom they
should root tand no “What's the
WORD. .  cheers this year, Peo—
pie).

After the games there shall be.
by decree. a twenty-four (count
them folks. twenty-four) hour pe-
riod of feasting and Bachanals.

0. People of the Empire. such are
only a hint of the festivities which
have been prepared for you. Come to
the Htinmingcuin, join in the fun
and the delights prepared for you.
Never in the history of the Empire
how so many varied activities been
organized under one tent. So come
one and all but remember, no
"What‘s the WORD " cheers
this year.

l‘ItiilIi'

lit .‘iil

 

 

Like all ’59 Clict'ics, the Impala Sport Sedan lids

(‘lievy’s all new for the second
stiniglzt year! More with fl fresh
Slimline design that brings en-
iil‘i‘iy llt'W poise ;tliil proportion
to aliioinoliilc styling inside the
new and l‘iiolllit‘l‘ liody hy li'islter you it
you'll iiitd truly tasteful elegance
.-\nd you'll il;l‘.i' clear set-in): from
c\cr_v seat The new \'ist:i-l';ino- of gas-
\\'illtl>liii'lil
\\lliilo\\> .‘il't' iiigi't'i‘, lilil

 NEW All OVER AGAIN !

PAGE 3

Commuters Club Sponsors Annual
Soc Hop Tonight In Brubacher Hail

Tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.. the
Commuters Club will hold its an-
nual "Soc Hop" in the Brubacher

Dining Room, announces James
Warner '61. Activities Co-ordinator.
Music

Duke Miller will furnish the imi-
sic for the affair. Miller and his
band are known in this area es-
pecially for their square dance mu-
sic. However. both rotind and square
dancing will be featured.

Admission

Tickets for the dance may be ob-
tained from any comtntiter, or at
the desk set in lower Draper today
between 9 ant. and 3 pm. Admis-
sion is $.50 per person.

(‘ruzy Socks
The hop is completely informal.

suspension

l'itli'. 'l‘ili‘i'e's‘ ii

t'lll‘\i‘.< o\t'i'»

When yoti take the wheel, you
find (‘lievy's newness goes down
deep. .-\ new steering ratio makes
handling easier than t'\cl'. New
i'ligiln't‘l'ili),r
Hillfifiillt‘i',

ii that goes and goes on a gallon
\'inrp:tclwd
and bigger lii‘aio-s. i‘l\i-n tougher,
sail-r 'i'yi'cs cord tires.

all that is really demanded of the
attendants is a pair of crazy socks.
Prizes will be awarded to the people
wearing the loudest. and the most
unusual socks. A prize is to be
awarded to the person having the
smallest feet. and another one to
the person having the biggest feet.

Everyone is cordially invited to
"let his hair down“ and “get his
feet real dirty" for an evening of
real fun.

(‘ommittees

The (lance is being arranged by
the following commuters: Joanne
Mt-Nally. Dorothy Scheafer. James
Warner. Decorations; Robert Shore.
Cynthia Whitney, Publicity; Robert
Axelrod. Barbara Poskander. Re—
frcslxnents. All the Sophomores

Now -. . . all America sees the one that’s truly new!

 

Safety l_’late (floss of! around.

 

It s sfmpcri lo the Iteu .imr'IH on taste. If. firingsyou more spriciuusncss mu] cmnjurl irifii it new

Body by I'islicr. II has it “etc Irimf ofjiriisii. New bigger brakes. first new areas of cisibifily. l

[Vere lli-T/iriff (i. Il's‘ Iieic rig/i! time" to file fires!

years.
gins
illlll'l‘ Siulili-
llc\\' lliv’l‘ln'ii't

V5.5. New l'olt'i

see your local authorized Chevrolet dealer for quick appraisal—early delivery!

There's still more! A new finish
that keeps its shine without wax-
ing or polishing for up to three,
impressive new
models. \\'ondci'fnl new wagons

including one with a rear fac-
intr rear scat. .\nd, with all that's
new. you'll find those fine t'iiev-
\ii'iues of" economy and
practicality. Stop in now and see
file '59 ('llc\i'oicl.

Thomas Mestigo and John Yager.
freshmen are in charge of entertain-
mcnt.

Commuters Club

The principal aim of Commuters
Club is to encourage greater partl-
cipation of commuters in the vari-
ous college activities.

All students who do not live in
11 dormitory or an organized group
house are considered commuters.
’lhese people are cordially invited to
join the club.

Among the other activities spon-
sored by the club are the following:
informal get-togethers; a spring pic-
nic, skating and bowling parties, and
intramural sports. This organization
also organizes the car pool.

impala

 

 

 

