 

 

PAGE 2

STATI COLLICI KIWI, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1958

 

 

 

Merry Christmas . . . Happy New Year. . .

Another week and Christmas vacation
will be here. These ﬁfteen days of blitheful
. . doing term
papers . . . studying for exams that will be
given on the ﬁrst day of our return . . . re-
gretting the answers we made on the exams
given the last day of school . .
money to pay our registration fees .
counting the remaining days of vacation
. . . catching up on our homework . . . sleep-
ing for a change . . . and, lastly, participat-

rest will be used mainly for .

ing in Christmas festivities.

At State the Christmas spirit has already
caught on as evidenced by the various
parties that will be given by groups on
campus for the many peOple, young and
old, for whom Christmas is often just a day

on the calendar.

Sayles Hall began this practice last year
by having a party for orphans. Joe Szarek.

one of the Co-editors of the

News, commented at that time that it would
be in keeping with the season’s spirit if
more groups held similar affairs for these
less-privileged than we. Certainly his sug-
gestion was not lost in the bustle of: Yule-
time commercialism as so often is the case.
We feel justly proud of our college in this
respect, and we think you should be too.

In closing we’d like to reiterate the ques-
tion Joe asked last year that seems to
epitomize the old saying: “It is better to
give than to receive." Who will have more

earnin
g Wednesday

candidates.

For nearly two years Senate and Student
Association have kicked around the require-
ment of a 2.5 cumulative average for SA
President and Vice-President. Senate has
ﬁnally come to a conclusion .
average is not necessary, acording towed-
nesday night's vote. Student Assoc1at10n
will have its turn this week.

. the 2.5

and Thursday students will

be able to vote on the proposal to delete the
amendment requiring a 2.5 average for

There is very little left unsaid about the
question, but we‘d like to sum up the major

points. The 2.5 stipulation was introduced

in order that

good idea.

these ofﬁcers would not ﬁnd

their averages suddenly decreasing when
they took ofﬁce because of the time and
effort required by their position. It was 8.

Unfortunately it has proved impractical

in the past year. The lack of prospectsto
ﬁll these ofﬁces for 1959-60 present a dim

picture.

State College

fun at these parties? We wonder.

First I would like to say to you,
“Merry Christmas.” It is like this—
whcn I say it. I want it to mean
what it means. Not just words under
a picture on a card, or handing
you something wrapped up in red
paper which I have bought. I want
it i) say what it says, the way a
c] .. says it.

Christmas is looked forward to by
a child with even greater excite—
ment than the excitement with
which he looks forward to his own
birthday, because Christmas is ev-
erybody's birthday, with the party
going on all over the world. Christ-
mas is to every child, in his own
way, the wonder of the world and
the light of life.

Christmas is oders. brought in
from the cold to the fire. a great
laughing blend of perfume made of
the scent of sanctity; of holly and
fir mingling with the gifts of new
clothes and new shoes; of Christmas
candy and the bright, [)lilllti'tl toys
mingling with the

llllli'ilstuliahii' .

Christmas

By WILLIAM SAROYAN

scent of happiness that comes out
of people at Christmas, no matter
how deeply it is buried.

Christmas is sounds~the talking
and the laughing, the shouting and
the singing of Childhood's hymns-—
the tinkling of the music box, which
says “Hosanna” in the child's lan-
guage of gladness, no matter if it. is
only saying, “This is the way we
wash our clothes, wash our clothes,
wash our clothes!" in English.

Christmas is tastes ethe round.
golden taste of the orange-l— the
taste of the perfect sphere. which
has hung zunong the green leaves
in the warm sun. It is the red-and—
wrote-striped taste of peppermint.
It is the sharp, sweet juice of the
apple from the toe of the stocking.
Many tastes must bli-nd to make
lill' taste of Christmas.

(flirisiiiias i: sights; but who can
Ilil oi the sights of Christmas re-
Ilt'i'li'tl iii the eyes of a child?

('hrisliiias is Iit‘lllL; iogi'thcr —~—
'iiIIli‘llll',’ together. It. is the time of

 

 

First Place CSPA

 

Vol, XLIH i)i-iiiiiiii'r l‘J, liloli N”, 27 .

hllfllii/l'rx of Hit! Iii-YE" " il' iiiii. io- Iiiii rm: l.<.i i. .il‘iiinmi. IIUlll 'J to 0 ii iii,
[IIiII ’I ii , HHI Wi'iii.i .iii‘, i ,“.' II‘r’I ‘o . ..i, ii‘ if iiJli, I‘lA'¢ii.:.loii Il Philips.
l".',7.,‘ni'i.- r. 's' uiiii Ihiiiigiii i'. ‘.1 diff, la a. i.: I 'iI

'I': ~ .in
poo... il"i I .i‘l.
Amy: lii'.lil.
MAIIY I'I'Ill'\I'ILII.‘K
CAIN”. AIXI 11
DAVID I I I.“ 31 \N‘ -
MARTHA LI.\II'K — -
JAMES \li 111 t.”
I'LLIZAIH‘XI’II nl‘1.\'( l‘.”
MONICA 'I'ILISKI 5
JOHN QL’IILK r -
HOHI‘JL'I‘ KAMI'I" « -

 

JAMES DUITIAIII‘JH'Y
JUIIN LICWIS - .
I‘HIH'UUILAI'HY

ESTABLISHED MAY

.'.'ii ii’I‘ iii-a paper of Mr
.‘iiia, of 'A|4' (‘miom- .mii

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

Second Place ACP

’14" lI/lily. ri‘utr I‘oume liii 'luulnrrn
My l’n‘ rims'h‘ iaiuiii ioi Llia Htuilnm

Itdlln‘ In ('hlnl

Business Advertising lile
Air-oi Iiiti- [dilur

Associate ltdllor

Anni into hilitur
Associate Editor

ASH“ uh: Editor

l'uhllr notations I‘Zdltor
I‘JIIIUI‘

('oiiiiiiliiuit Spells
('o-Sports Iiditor
(lo-Sport» ludiior

Matt ('uiloge Photo Service

All ('lHIllliiUiil‘AAIJOHII simiwi he lillilfn‘uﬂal to iiir mlﬂoi and o. ist be signed Names

will be Withheld on request

for opinions expressed in fur COIIIIIIIII or ixuiim iiiiiatmi.

nri'oouzrily i‘cilou ILs views

The iiI'A'I‘I‘.’ “01.1.1410! NEWS nosiinim. no responsibility

a: sum. oiipmuioiu do in.

'0"

 

The system as established in the revised
constitution would guarantee us a presi-
dent capable of carrying out his duties and
still maintaining a respectable academic
standing. However experience has shown
that candidates who can best
duties of the presidency are often not the
people with 2.5 averages; add to this the
fact that students with 2.5 averages are
not always the most interested or the most
qualiﬁed, and we must conclude that the
amendment is a poor one.

On the basis of practicality and with a
view to the coming elections, we cannot
help but support the deletion of this re-
quirement for President and Vice-President.

It was a good idea.

fulfill the

E.A.S.

the heart‘s inventory. It is the time
of going home in many ways. You
do not have to tell a child what
this means, and at Christmas, if at
no other time, all men are children.

Because it is the child's day, the
coming of Christmas up the white
steps of December transforms moth-
ers and fathers, through old and
wintry logcrdemain, into the chil—
(Il'l‘ll they once were and still are,
for that. matter. and must always be

until at last, on Christmas Eve,
ihi-ir caroliiig bcsidc the tree is with
the earnest voice of childhood. And
the tears in their eyes are once
again the tears caused by great e);-
pcciaiions of wondrous things to
conic- expectations stirred in the
infant heart of humanity, and some
day. as sure as the sun, to be ful-
tilled.

If children could speak or if
anybody could what. would he said
on Christmas liay would be the
book that all books would Iii'. lint
who can say, with words, what ('Illi-
iil‘t'll li'i‘l, what. Christmas means
to IIllUl and to ii.'.J There are no
words for it.

And not i‘Iilidi‘t'li say ii. ill] with
llli‘.illllli! straight. and clear when
Ilit". say only. “Merry (Tlii'isliiiiis."

And so, as one of tin-iii, iiiul oni-
ol you, and iilli‘ of us, Ili‘Iliil‘SS with
Illl' t liiii::.\ words, i say to them and
to you "Merry Christians!"

l sag. it as :i (‘Iilitl says it.

 

Notice

The Stiitc ol' ’Vcw York is
making iiiallitblc, at this time,
15.30 graduate fellowships for
prospective colicgc tcachcrs. ’I'Iic.
fellowships clititli- the no Ipicnts'
to a stipend varying from $500.0"
to 515500.00 pcr ycur for two
icars, iii-pcnding on the ﬁnan-
cial ability of thc rccipiclll and
that of his family.

Awards wil be. made on a coin—
pi-titiic basis to residents of New
York State who will start grad-
iiati- study in September I959, in
preparation for college ti-uchiiig.
(.‘oniplcted applications must be
returned to the State Education
Department by next Friday. Ap-
piii atlon Forms may be obtained
In the Office of the Dean of the
( oiiogo.

.i «4.2m “Mel.”
.. d

i

x

(a il'e‘éigwm ... ..M
N
N

 

 

 

  

“Ho-ho, W ,
Yerself! ” M
“It

 

 

.
r- i 0 K
‘,..-‘..“"Y , . . . ‘1

Gammon-sicko  

 

 

"“ w” Mrrﬂ‘i 

 

 

 

 

 

    

v: ,5 By onmsncr. and OLIVO 
, gm , ..

“We are such stuff as (Il’l’llIIIS are made on, and our little life is
rounded with a sleep." Shakespeare

'I‘IIE NICER SPIRIT OF (‘llIilSTMAS

"Over the ground lit"; a mantle oi white," and thc soirii oi l-lzi‘
Kringle seems to be t“.'t'l'\\\'Ili‘I‘l‘ This year's party for klih h.i- 'iilill
on a campus—wide liplll‘iil. The Jack ‘ii .lill sct will ci-riaiiily Il‘.i'l, 'lii-
festivities at both Brubachcr and Saylcs tomorrow. It‘s so I'Iniil to iii
Mimi" I‘Ccognizing the Ilt'i'iIS oi the kids next door ras wi-ll tin lho. ~
the University of Aillt'llSi. We, too. hope that this lilililillll‘iiiilr' I".i.'.'
will become traditional.
lIARItIMAN'S IIICSITAN’I‘ "ELI"???

Since this is the season for buying rings, gifts, and train lb‘r.’
we’d like to talk about money and the lack thereof. It H‘i'liis th.ii o. 1'.
precarioust balanced budgets have been planned around the usual .‘x'vr
vcinbcr scholarship checks. Ai'tcr hounding the lillSllii'Ss ()lllri‘ 
calling the State Education Department, we finally wi-ri- told that the
checks wouldn‘t be in until llliA'l‘ vacation. May we also a :uoa- “an
semester’s checks \vil arrive in time to pay a suinnii-r housi- tax?
ECIIOES OF ONE OF ()l'lt NICER TRADITIONS

A Christmas Sing is :i very nice affair to listen to. Ilith‘W'l'. ;
ticipating in the sing ri-qiiircs long hours of practice. In many i i
the motivation for lll(S(‘ "long hours" is a we’ve—imi—io—win-ih:iiviup
ilLtltildtf. We don't quite go along with that idea. SCA has protidwii '31
means by which college students can channel some of their pic—vii i'. H
exuberance into an I‘H‘Illllu of pleasant. lu-art-wariiiiiig ('ill‘liilllt' iii
competition among the participating groups it only a minor [till I" i
keep it that way. and make the ":.])ll‘lI_ of Christmas past," the i:. 1'-
important thcme.

GRAND IiAlt(.‘I‘3NY

We watched llll informal triuinphal pi'ocizssloii lust 'l‘iii-z-dii‘.
Union. lu‘aizh aimiially-sui-i-cs-iiil sorority paraded, displayed Iiil‘ll‘
won in thc lately concluded Rushing Wzii‘. 'I'l‘iiiips oi pi-i':oii : 
alike. marched to IIII‘ strains of Sorority songs. (il‘t‘t‘I-Z-i'll$iil‘i/liL“?
swcatshirtcd ranks. files of happy, happy I)(‘IUI1L’('1'.H, ifiiy' jiiild‘l'.» ol .2
whose purposes, il hoiicsi. are at best qiilti' obscured hi. i'il'ii.‘ 'i
iiia-i-ssiii'},' .‘I‘I'I'I‘I'Y. L’I'tllilli‘ti lil"t‘Iiil‘l' ill Ill'lili‘t'llH’ Ill‘l'ti .hillillil‘il do

They shouted “Uh. I'm so llii'illid" and they i'oii'iiitiilaiu:
other at every possible and iiiipo..siblc opportunity. Hlirill i-i:i-,, oi iii:
of glee, of liaviiiL' llililII\' ‘ui'i‘iiiid‘. it. is all \‘i'l",' ‘,‘,HI|III riol~ vi. 1". l v
but the crciit expenditure oi i;l'i'li:ll’:iliiill, I'IIiil'I .iial tioi'I-L I i
St‘t‘llH wasted, knowing that Iit‘f-II. ‘fi‘ltl'h lii'i‘liil'lllliiiil' will om.

 

IIIJlI of Illlh \‘i‘ui‘ I1oi.l'. .‘iiillll‘ ii i'luiiimn ('liliili hi it} oh l ‘lii " i
this .‘xllltill'il. IIII'('I‘iI, ii‘i-iiiiil i‘IlIIlllhlilJIll.
It.“th l-‘l'N

'l‘onioriow‘ p.ii'iii.. .‘yilliillll hi~ IllII‘I‘i Illl' ii, ii.. lll.‘I q  ‘

ioi' IIIl‘ kids ll you iiil :i i‘I|.lllil , i'oopii'alr!
OPEN ['1' Milk III'IUi'I‘. .\\l) I.I‘.'l' 'l‘IlI-J SI N SIII\l-. (il I

We (ii‘t'llillll hypo. i. i. lhi: t.l.ivl.‘ and ‘.-.i :hill in  '

one who pii  IIIIII'IIlil,‘I'. i)‘, Illt‘ Iii'll~i'iii.',lii", .,II'l‘tI .‘1:ii.‘..
I'I’ .INI) .\I.I\'I‘I. l.I\II.Y NOW!

A \Hik Il'ilii Milo, iiiiii’l iil lilil hl' Iii in] :‘ii ‘.~i~
..iIl/i-i' ioiil ‘.|..xlii il.II IUIiiIIIIliIl, liiiii in ;'l.i<iliili\ ii viin

I'ICIHII’I' I'S

\‘Vt'dl \Alhil 'H i .i Ii.iiili‘, ..I.l iii: I'iiiui
we didn’t haw .o ll.‘li‘il \Uili': lo do our tlii '..ii'.ilioi; .ro w '
IllHI 01 III!‘ .lilliiil iii IIIII.Il'.l ,,ii.ii III ',ti|i \\,'i- ii.ii.'. iniii ‘lr-
lioii (lit‘i‘l‘, wc NI), cheer to t‘H‘l‘HHII'.

 

Iiiiiii. .iliiI .I ;l- I iii

| t l

 

Co//ege Ca/endor 

 

I"IIII).\Y, I)I‘I( I‘JIIII‘.“ 1‘5

'1 iii) pin. The I'risoiii‘i‘. DIS-Iii '
ll of) bin The Prisoner, Hit-ill i;
SA'I'I'IIIIAY, IDICI‘I‘IMIH'IK II: 1 Y
l'lm pin (,‘lii'isliiias l’ailv ioi (iiphiiiiis, Iiiliilliiilt‘l’ ll.iIl 
HI'NIIAY, IJI‘II‘IiMIH‘JII II 

lie-b pin (,‘lii hii'iiiii 'l'lii~tii 1"lll ulti t‘hiisiiiiiii, l'iiil\ iiwl Wi l‘ i‘l H
'1 oo pm St A (‘io-isona. How, imw i.
MONDAY, IiI'li'I‘JMIH'." IS

ii iii) piii Sigma Alpha (.‘ollcc Iloiir Ilil‘ Kappa Iii-Iii. Kill!) Hillit‘ til
Wl'lliNliSIJAV, l)l£('l'JMI$I£lt 17

’14) pm Slfillt‘r. l'iiilv at. Albany Home.
'l'IlIlItSDAY, lilii'ldMItI‘llt Iii

7'00 pm (ircck .‘e (iioiip Hoiisi- (,‘hi'islmas [iiil'Ill‘h
’I'llI'ZSiiAY, .IANIIAIH’ il

First meeting, (ieriiion ('IuIi, Isriibiii'hi-i' lIiiIl

 

 

 

——u.

"A" COLLEGE NI'WI. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1956

PAGE 8

 

Cabinet:

NSA Offers

Cabinet Discusses Directory, Travel Abroad
Primer, Other Publications For students

By BE'I‘II SPENCER

Cabinet met twice this week with
grand attendances of six (seven for
a few minutes», and four members
present, respectively. It was partic-
ularly embarrassing the second time
because Dean Hartley had come.

At the first meeting the group
whispered about the Publications
Rt't'li‘w Committee Report in 349;
there were studii-rs present.

John Yugcr filled in the Cabinet
on Si-iiziic‘s action on the report. and

various i‘VI‘llis around school. Dis- -

(‘ll.\‘:~l()ll IIlI‘ll rciilcrcd around the
handbook and the inclusion of soror-
ity rulcs was questioned. John in~
formed the group that a scpiiratc
book containing rules of all organ—
izatioiis might be feasible.

One of the most pertinent points
brought out was that the Directory
will he roady for distribution ’l‘ues-
day, Wednesday and Thursday.

The controversial l’rimcr was
I.Ilt‘ll called to lili‘ attention of the
group. and the Sciiiiti-‘s movi- to ask
Dr. Mcllwamc to inform his ('l‘('-
ativc writing class of the llt‘i‘tl was
approved.

Second 'I'ry

Al, the second Illl‘i‘lllli; l)caii
Ilai'tli-y and the (‘iilniict members
who Ilitll not i’iillt’ to hear Albci't
l’.i:‘if.‘. «(illnltit'l‘i'il the question of
Cziliiin-i's loin-Honing iiiid succcss
this hi‘lllt‘SIi‘I'.

’l'ho Lil‘lli'l'di consensus of opinion
Sl‘lilli'li lo hi- that (‘:il)iiii-t is not
iilll’l':lIlIl‘,’ :i: ciliiiivclj. this scini's-
Ii'l .I» i: did i.i.‘\l. ‘l‘hi- pi'oblciii is

pi'iiiizizil' ‘illi‘ of .i flow to iiii-i-i,
Win ll .iil irii' Illl’lllilt‘I'S Iiiivc ii ll't‘i,‘
Ili'ill', .ijli‘dlii‘l‘h. l'Il',, lll‘i’ ollt-ii

si Illiilllt'il
A :Li‘lli l'ill ll‘i'l‘ hour for IIll’ whole
Si‘llniii was brought. up again, but

 

nothing definite seems to be in the
oiling for one.

Once again the Publications Re-
view Committee came into the light.
Valiantiy defending the paper, Rory
Fitzpatrick reported that the News
Board had reviewed the report and
made several suggestions of its own.

In clarifying the constitution on
penalties for board members who do
not work. on the duties of the vari-
ous positions. and on taking a poll
of opinion, the board voted on it
with a few minor changes in the
constitution.

 

“0% We! ‘70
Roam Why...“

I was speaking to Minerva the
other day (you know Minerva,
she stands in Draper Rotunda
with a spcar, and no freshmen
are supposed to walk behind
her) and she told me that some
things were bothering her.

“First of all." she said. “what
in the cvcrloving world are they
going to call that not so new
anyinori- dormitory on Washing-
ioii Avciiiic‘.’ And the one they
are building Ili‘\I to it. Will that
be the new, new dorm, or may—
be the vcry new dorm?"

I also want to know why they

dug that deep hole next to
Ilustcd Hall and then filled it
in'.’ You 25cc, 1 prowl around

here quite a lot at night and I
almost fell into it. The next
night there it was filled in.”
“These things bother me."
“Yes, yes, Minnie," I muni-
blcd, already running. “I've got
to run. (iotta incct a girl at the,
the ah new dorm."

Students interested in traveling
abroad this summer may be aided
by the U. S. National Student As-
sociation's Educational Travel In-
corporated. This is a non-profit or-
ganization which provides budget
tours to Europe ranging from sm.
Activities

Each student going abroad with
USNSA is part of an international
student community. The programs
are arranged by students. for stu-
dents, with European guides who are
university students familiar with
their country’s art. history, mus1c,

' and good buys.

Throughout Europe, contact with
the foreign student is made both
for in ally and informally, The
USNSA traveler spends many eve-
nings chatting with foreign stu-
dents in rathskellcrs. chalets, or
cafes. also taking advantage of in-
vitations to overseas homes for cof—
fee and dinner.

On board ship there is an orien-
tation program including accelerated
language classes and lectures on
art, history, music, and political sci-
ence. Added to the classroom activ-
ity of shipboard life, is a nightly
dance and daily sports for the. stu-
dents on the ship.

(‘oiintries

S t u d c n ts traveling With the
JSNSA si-li-ct a few countries they
wish to visit thoroughly. Most of
thc Altillthtt‘llli; is done in the main
ing. leaving the student free time in
the afternoons for shopping and iii-
di\idual exploration.

'l‘oiirs throughout Etii‘opi' are by
bus. Car tours are offered for Is—
rael and Western Europe, and for
Poland and Western Europe.

For further information write:
USNSA, Educational Travel, Inc.,
701 7th Avenue, New York 36, New
York.

 

 

14“ age 0n

7/“ gm

By JOHN QUIRK

The Works of Nick Apgar will
adorn the walls of the Art Gallery
here at State until next Friday.

Nick Apgar was for many years
a conspicuous Albany artist. He
worked for the Health Department
here in Albany and for a time held
the office of president of the Al-
bany Artists Group. He has since
settled in Syracuse where he is an
illustrator for the State University
Medical School.

All of the oils on display at the
Gallery are recent efforts on the
artist's part, and show to good ad-
vantage the unique style of Apgar.
Apgar belongs to th Cubist
if 22’} "i: I ‘

   
 
 

 

 

 

Above and below an- two of Nick
Apgar's paintings which will be dis-
played through next week in the

(‘ollcge Art Gallery.

 

 

school of painting, and yet we find
exhibited in many of his oils 9.
type of emotional vigor that is not
too characteristic of this school, as
a group. Only in the person of Pablo
Picasso do we see this expression-
istle style handled as obviously as
it is with Apgar.

A wonderful example of this Cub-
ist expressionist technique of paint-
illg‘ is found in Apgar’s painting
called, Women. Despite the artist’s
obvious desire to soften and dull his
oils, the linear qualities of this
painting, coupled with its echoes of
circles and ovals carry a definite
sensual impression to the viewer.
Further analysis of the figure itself
will rcvcal a careful introduction of
emphasis and rhythm that binds
forcefully what might at first seem
vague or uninteresting.

Women‘s counterpart, Man, is

very anatomical in execution and is
less suggestive of the Cubist me-

, dium. This painting brings to mind

that Apgar is at present a ined-
ical illustrator. On the other hand.
the range of colors and the inten-
sity with which Apgar uses these
is much more apparent in Man.

Still another painting of merit is
Man With (‘hieki-n. This painting
has massive areas of red and or-
ungc for its negative space. which
carries lo a large degree, the dyna-
mic feeling that the viewer gets in
looking at this oil. The artist has
also accentuated the forearms of
the human figure to carry still fur-
ilu-r his thcinc.

In closing, let me say that it will
be well worth your cilort to take in
the show Don't romp through the
(Lilli rj. \\Ilt‘li you are on your way
to I‘lllbh; I)i'tlt'l' still choose a time
whcn you have an hour to spare.
'l‘hivn come up and study the oils,
ki-i-piiig in mind that. these paint-
ings ri-pi'i-sciit a degree of poignancy
that. isn't. oiii'n caught in our pres-
ciit day art forms.

 

 

 

uoin’ home over vacation?

GOENG Y

QWEYHOUND" S
Rafi-5M ECONOMICS! .

O Ii)V-JI“1I lines of .ill piiI)ii..
If.’ll‘.]liill.ll.iilll

I‘Ii‘tllli‘lil(II‘lhII'iIIIUS!()‘litjh
[’SI i.iiio to many titicsl

0 [vi i, ,iiil.liou .‘LI i'oiiifoit;

p l’  . 'n..H ,Iit izzz-ziij';
Ii.I',vi , .p;ic.iii .lilitlii,
r. ..l ii" .i"
‘aiil II 

IT’S ﬁUCi‘I A COMFORT IO TAKE THE BUS... r
AMI) LEAVL TIIE DRIVING TO USI

‘4 .

(iItI'LI'IIUllNI) 'I‘l'.lt.\illl\'.\l.

 

Elfiil “KHAIHVAY

..i

 

W __. .. .15.
sarcasm

     

 

Coriipiii o these low, low IilIII“.'

l licii $3330
Ni'u York ('II) 1.70
liiiighaioioii L70
5)I'lli‘ll‘\t‘ -l.'.’U
Itoi‘hc-sii'i‘ ILHII
I'Iiillxliiirgh 5,30

The CO-OP

Announces
ALL Christmas

Wrapping Paper
Ribbon
Seals and Tags

5% off

Cards

 

PHONE 1-0165

Menday, December 15, 1958

Starting

 

 

 

