 

 

PAGE 6

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 17. 1958

 

 

 

Gamma 3' ‘

By BEVERLY J. RAHN

“Teahouse of the August Moon,"
the heartwarming and hilariously
funny play which has charmed audi-
ences on Broadway and in some 40
countries all over the world, will be
sltown in Draper 349 tonight at 7
and 9 pm.

Pulitzer Prize Winner

This Pulitzer Prize-winning film
stars Glenn Ford, as the mild-man-
nered Captain Fisby, who is given
the responsibility of rehabilitating
a Korean village and is won over to
the native point of view. Fisby is
supposed to run his job by Wash-
ington's Plan B, which calls for the
Lulldlng of a Pentagon -shaped
schoolhouse, lectures on democracy,
and a general spur to efficiency and
American get-up-and-go techniques.
B t the plan tells Fisby nothing
about the Oriental way of doing
things, such as the public meeting
in which he is showered with gifts
from the eager villagers, the best
gilt being the lovely geisha girl,
Lotus Blossom. Maciiiko Kyo por-
trays the lovely geisha girl. The Jap-
anese star is renown for her work in
“Gate of Hell" and “Rashomon,”

Assisted in his work by his Okina-
wan interpreter. Sakini tMarlon

Houses Announce
Election Results

In the recent elections, Marguerite
Aleide '61 and Joseph Fosegan '59
were elected Presidents of Madison
House and Sayles Hall respectively.

Other Madison House oil'icers in-
clude: Wilma Kohl '59, Vice Presi-
dent, Julie Dramichak, Secretary-
Treasurer: Lorie McCullough, Fire
Warden; Rosalie Fendick, Athletic
Director. Sophomores; and Carolina
Engie '62, News Reporter.

Sayies Hall elected Marshall
Sternberg '59, Vice President, Ron—
ald Young '62, Treasurer, Benjamin
Willard '61, Secretary, and Gary
Jones ’62, Athletic Director.

 

'- //g{z,mm. -(



 

Brando), Fisby gradually solves some
of the troubles besetting him. The
proposed schoolhouse gives way to
a beautiful teahouse, where the vi]-
lagers can observe the beauty of the
sunsets. The completion of the ex-
quisite, dream-like Teahouse of the
August Moon is celebrated with au-
thentic Okinawan songs and geisha
dances, performed in traditional
costumes. This enchanting story of
warmth and laughter reflects all the
charm and wisdcm of ancient Ori—
ental culture which has won the
admiration and respect of the mod—
ern world.

Debate Council
States Topic

According to James Watson ‘61.
President of Debate Council, the
first debate of the 1958-59 Inter-
Coliegiate Debate Program will be a
novice debate tournament at Dart—
mouth College November 1.
Intercollegiate Debate Topics

The national debate and discus-
sioii topics for this year are “Re-
solved: That the further develop-
ment of nuclear weapons should be
prohibited by international agree-
ment," and “How can we improve
otir relations with Latin America?"
Membership

Anyone is eligible and urged to
participate in novice debating at
State it he is willing to do the
iiecesai'y preparation for a success-
ful debate case. Membership on De-
bate Council is based on the amount
and quality of the work accom-
plished during the ireshman year.
Benefits

A big attraction to intercollegiate
debating is expense paid trips all
through the East. While enjoying
these trips, one is learning skills of
analysis, organization, aand research
that may be applied to many fields.

ﬂﬁlu'n; ﬂaw

A horrible fate has befallen this
column. Through some quirk of fate,
there are no newspapers to pore
over for our column.

New Policy

Because of our predicament, this
newspaper column will have, for this
week only, a new policy. We shall
attempt to familiarize you with some
of the jokes (and reasonable fac—
similes of jokest, currently spread-
ing through the halls of State Col-
lege.

From the Cafeteria. ii political
joke:

“Did you hear that Harriman has
promised to tear down all the slums
in New York City it he is re-elcct-
ed? Not only that, but he‘s prom-
ised to start with Rockefeller Cen-
ter."

From the Commons comes this
gem:

A destitute alcoholic on Skid Row
desired a drink. He had no funds,
but he did have a little mongrel
dog. Entering a bar, he walked up
to the bartender and said: "Buddy.
for a beer I'll have this dog here
talk to you." The bartender was
leery, but he went along with the
derelict and drew one beer. Quench—
ing his thirst, the alky looked at
his mongrel and said: “Fido, what‘s
on the top of this building?" The
dog replied—“ruff.” Following this
great show of intelligence. the dog
owner offered some more dog talk
for another beer. The bartender
drew another draught. Once again
the man drank, looked at his mon-
grel, and asked: “Fido, who was the
greatest baseball player of all time?"
The dog thought for a moment, and
replied. "Ruff."

Quite irritated, the bartender
picked up the mongrel and the man
and hurled them into the street.
They sat there for a few quiet nio-
tmeiits. Suddenly the dog looked into
his master‘s eyes and wisti'tilly said.
"DiMaggio?"

 

 

Who says the Greeks aren't ac-
tive on State Campus? This week
we find them having open houses,
pledging new members, and an-
nouncing formal lush parties.
Kappa Delta

All statesmen are cordially in-
vited to open house tonight at 8
pm at the Kaappa Delta house,
announces Rita Lesko '59, President.

Also. the follownig members have
been formally initiated: Joan Wat—
son 'Ut‘. Barbara Libous, Sandra
Stanley. Judy Sterner, Diane Wood—
ward, and Elaine Zwanka, Sopho-

IIIOI'GS.

C liem Society
Holds Meeting

The American Chemical Soeiety
will lioid its first meeting next
Thursday at 8:30 pm, in Husted
Hall, Room 150, according to James
McGrath '59. Chairman.

Speaker

Dr. DeMaine will speak to the
group on “The Comparison of Euro-
pean and American Educational
Systems." He is a member of the
Chemistry department, and has
studied in Europe.

DeMaine studied at Cambridge
University and other European uni-
versities. He has a great deal of
first-hand knowledge at his dis-
posiil.

Open To All

Tots meeting is open to all stu—
dents and faculty who are inter-
ested in tile topic.

The topic should be of particular
interest to State College students as
prospective teachers in the United
States.

A new idea in smoking...

0 menthol li'tfb‘ll
it rich tobacco titsto
o it'iotlci'n liitci‘, too

Psi Gamma

The following girls were pledged
into Psi Gamma sorority Monday
night: Carol Bastian, Elizabeth De-
F‘lore, Mary Jane Layn, Barbara
Lewick, Lais Maeomber, Natalie
Payst. Patricia Webb, and Mary
Witherspoon, Sophomores, an-
nounces Jane Cass '59, Prestdcnt.

Chi Sigma Theta

Teresa Kerwin '60, Vice President.
announces an open house for all
Statesman tonight at 7:30 pm.
Sigma Phi Sigma

Susan Goldfarb '59, PreSident of
Sigma Phi Sigma, announces that l.
coffee hour was held with Edward
E..drcd Potter Club last Monday.

Mrs. Bayne. houscmother. was
made an honorary member at the
sorority.

Sigma Alpha

The members of Sigma Alpha
sorority announce it housewarming,
Sunday, at 283 Western Avenue
from 3 to 5 pm.

The first rtisli party for fieshnien
girls will be held Saturday at the
sorority house,

At the meeting of September 28,
Marsha Ronspccs ’61, was initiated
and Donna Hampker '61, was
elected recording secretary.

Sunday faculty members were en-
tertained at a tea.

Kappa Beta

Joseph F‘oscgan '59, President,
states that the men of Kappa Beta
will hold an open iiousc Sunday
i'roin 3 to  pm. at 5'77 Washing-
ton Avenue.

Betti Zeta

Mary Lou Cinquc '59 has been
elected chairman of the committee
to construct the Beta Zeta float i'or
tht- home-coming ll:li'ti(lt‘.‘, asserts
Theresa Vitale '59, President.

refreshes your taste

 

Smoking was novor like this hrlorcl Salient refreshes your ialsti: just its ti glorious
hpriiig morning i'clrcsitcs you. in rich toliucco tusto, Harlem adds a surprise softness
that gives smoking new cast: ililtl t'onlloi'l, Yes, through Sultan's pure-white, modern
lilior ilows tho ll'tib'iltfb'l tunic in cigarettes. .‘imokc rcli'nslit-d . , , smoke Salcinl

lit/re a I )ttl/H. . . It’s Springtime

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

 

'Z—46 3

ALBANY. NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1958

VOL. XLlll NO. 22

Alumni Return To Annual Homecoming Weekend;
Pep Rally, Bonfire, Dance, Concert Highlight Activities

State Vs. Oswego In Soccer Game;

The Homecoming Committee: left to right, first row,
Shirley Stewart, Jamcs Kelly, Judy I’earlstone and
Rosalie Walsh; second row: Ilerbert Waltliers, Kath-
ryn O'Connor, Frances Liston, Jay Kohen, Martha

Lessick and Joseph Szarek.

Senate;

Senate Defeats Two
Amendment Bills

Dy JUAN ('Alil
Studcnt St-imtc inct chncsdny

p.in. :ii'tcr il ln'it'ftillg'Nt soircc in the Student Union

on thc part of sonic Senators!
’l‘liird Itciiding Hill

'l‘hc chici busincss enacted by Scniitc consistcd oi'
the llllill i'cudiiig oi two bills. ’l‘hc iii'si. which liiiliicd
tlic powci- oi Mysknniu to determining constitution-
illity oiin whcn it cosc lS rci‘ci‘rcd to it. was dci'ciitcd.

The second. cliiniiioting thc 2.5 :iciidcinic i'cqun'c-
iiit'lll for SA President. and Vicc—Pi'csidciii., was also
ironically t'iloligll through :1 20-1 voic~~

dci'ciiicd.

ll nccdcd L'i Itii‘ pitssitgc It scciiis
our b‘t‘iinior» tli't' lcitning morc and inorc toward

rcliitivily l'iillii'l' iiiiiii ])I'illl'l])lt‘.
l’ctlitg‘otiiic (‘oni’crciicc
chl, :t coininunicutioii ior

ii :ishcd ioi' Sciiiitc‘s iipproviil lo
hiitc u lllii'll nicinbt'r iilll‘lltl lhc
ycnibook i'oiiit-i'ciict- to bc llt'ltl lll
Chicago rnihci' limit to lcilvc it ill
thc |:i't‘\’ltiil‘~il\‘ sliilcd llliliillt'i‘ t.i iuo
pt-rsns. Siiicc this would not i‘illl
ioi' ii llll.lllt‘li|l iiit-i'tuisc in the i’cd—
.il.’tl‘[lll".\ lilitl'u'l, Hi'iiiiic .i]:pi'o\ctl ol
llil‘ pi'opositl
Script ('oniiniitcc (‘boscii

h'i'iidlt‘ llit'll \\t'i|l til it: :t'lltl

tlilil ‘l illllllll't‘ ioi thir. \l‘ll

."l .lt ('Hllt | HI lltt lllllnl’ tliilidll
\\Il. tittiit‘t llitliin ill, K.illii.li
tit'oniioi :illli li'ttlil'll ll|l\\ll'. .lllli
lt-I .llil .loioi [lit-m» .tli'l lh‘t'ndo

(‘.l:“.\t‘ll Htiplitiilllii't'h
Scnnloiiui Iii-solution

i\ It' iltllltli lil'lill".lil lip lt_\ Hi'ii«
.tloi t‘litiltr, l"t)\‘.lt'l' 'lili \ltis prism-ti
it .uilh-d tor ii t‘tillllllllit‘l' li'ltlil Ht-n—
itlt‘ in draft it ltii'liiiil i't'illit-sl in Hill
tltiil»l";o'i.ll. ('tlltttll’ullttii. iisltiinz
loi' '~llitlt'lll ll‘lil't'sl'llliilltill on lhc
houid. ll.l\l|l£’ llll'lii lllt‘t‘l illltl t',\~
lillilt' tor is it tincsiigiilt'i’!‘ proli-
lcins airislip: through this coininit~
tcc and iiiiiiliy pi'i-piii‘ing ioi'iiiiil i‘c—
port on thin tiiidings to Senate
Replacement I‘llcctloiis

Ntilillitillltilin for rcplztct-incnts oii
Hciiittc oi tlli‘ Junior and two Scn-
lttl'ﬁ wtll opt-n today uild closc on
'l‘iicsduy. ill J. pin.

l)t‘t‘lliiiiiioiis must be in til, 4 ptii
Wednesday, and voting vvill litkc
piacc iiiong \\lill (illlilllils (gown
tlcitions l‘lltllly, November 1.

l)cloi‘cs ltllsscll ’59, if
itIditor—in-(‘hici' of this Ycitr's l’cditg’og’ue, was read.

cvcning at 7:30

that scvcriil of

 

The Pep

Friday, October 24

8:00 p.m.——I’ep Rally and Bonﬁre at Beverwyck

Saturday, October 25

12 - 2 p.m.——Faculty-Alumni Coffee Hour at Sayles Hall
12:30 p.m.—Formation of Parade

1:00 p.m.—I’arade leaves Sayles Hall
2:00 p.m.—Socecr Game at Bieecker Stadium
5 ~ 7 p.m.—Greek Buffet-s
9 pm. - 'l a.m.—Homccoming Dance at Circle Inn

Sunday, October 26

3 - 5 p.m.——Jazz Concert at Page Hall

Sc c ii cs from
Tuesday night's
Myskiinia hearing
include: lci't, Doug
I’cni'icld and Jack
('onwuy. waiting
to speak for tlic
(‘onstitutioii its it
stands: and right,
I :ink Krlvo an-
swers a question
it o n c c r n ing the
case of the de—
fense, while John
I’ag'cr listens. The
point in question
is the constitu-
tionality oi' the
appointment of ii
Senator by Yitg‘ci'.

 

Saturday Events

Street.

Parade Includes Group House Floats

Where, oh, where are the verdant freshmen, the gay young Sopho-
mores, the jolly Juniors, and the grand old Seniors? They are welcoming
back the Grads to Homecoming ’58, of course!

A variety oi‘ events has been scheduled for the returning Alums. A
large number are expected to return, acording to Kathryn O’Connor and
Herbert Walther, Juniors, Homecoming Co—Chairmen. The three-day
affair opens tonight with a Pep Rally on Beverwyck Field. Other sched-
uled events include a coffee hour, parade, soccer game, Greek buffets,
dance, and jazz concert.
Rally, this evening, under the direction of the cheerleaders
will be highlighted by a bonﬁre organized by the freshman class.

. g A The Faculty-Alumni Coffee Hour will take place in

4 Jul Sayics Hall while the parade is forming on Partridge
 c e 6 At 1 pm. the parade will leave Bru and
proceed to Bieecker Stadium via Washington Avenue

and Ontario Street. Participating in this feature event
will be the Homecoming Queen, Sally Harter, an

Pontccello, '61;

alumna and 1957 Soccer Queen, and her attendants,
Lynn Becrai‘t, '59; Angie Castagnello, '60; Patricia
Aim Marie Bahr. '62, selected from

class nominations by the men ol' the Homecoming
Committee. Also in the parade will be the Student

oi' Doctor Stokes

Association Presidents from '55. '56, and '57; Myskania;
cheerleaders: State College Build under the direction
; baton twiriers, floats from sixteen

organizations, and the individual classes behind their

class banners.
Soccer Game

The soccer game at Blecckcr Stadium between State

will feature a
the freshmen.

F'ollowiii_,;' the
their respective
parties.

 

and Oswego will begin at 2 pm. and at half time
soccer game between Myskania and

game. Greek members will entertain

alums with buffets and coke-tall

The Homecoming Dance at the
Circle Inn featuring Lennie Rick-
ardi and his band, will be open to
Juniors, Seniors. and Grads, and
their dates. Thisc girls attending
the dance will bc granted 2 uni.
hours. Sttidcnt ID cards will be re—
qucstcd ill the door for undcrclziss-
incn iilltl name tags for Gl'tlclt‘ to
prcvcnt outsiders from attending
the dance.

Sunday's (‘onccrt

The Jazz Conccri in Page Hall at
3 pm. Sunday will present the Kai
Winding Scptct. making their first
ii])|)t‘iil'illl(‘(‘ in the United States
i’oliowmg a European tour.

Music Council, US the sponsor oi
lllt' t‘\'(lll, unnonnccs thiit admission
will be by studan tiix cards. There
will bc :1 limited number of reserved
seats aviiilzibic to the public.

Myskania Decides On Election Bill's Constitutional Validity;
Narrow Margin Determines Case; Votes 6-5 Against Plaintiff

Hy ltlt'llAltl) KENDALL

lio.. lw tiillii tinutc‘f ‘lhcit- .lli
‘|\I'l.tl lllt‘llt its htil llit‘ tiilt' iii
\tt lh' .il fililll' (‘itllt‘jil‘ llliri \t.ii l:-
lllt' 'iIii|tIi'lt\ \olt :tilll ‘\]llll tltti-
xioii‘ pi‘ot't's, i-iiiph \cd l)\ lt-.uliii:,
x int |i,ittll"litil|l liic illtlltJii 'ilu'
1.|tuw| il'\l‘lil|ltili oi truth li‘. tlit' Al-
i..tn |ll.i tit't'lll’l't‘tl 'iiit-silu cit-hing
ill llll’ unlikcly t‘tilllllit"~ o1 lii‘lib.lcli-

(1' Hall \\lll‘li H1 lll' (Willi-lids tl\\l|
l\"l_\.\li.ltli.t tloiint-d llil‘ll' hiiu'k lllt'lll'
i:t‘\ «but no .npst and prt-sidt-d .ll
llll‘ iiuiioiiitlilc t'iiht' lll l’t'iiih'ltl \h
Y:i;!,tl‘

'l'lic lssiic

‘llit’ is lil' ii dispiitc \uts llit' t-on»
tcntioii by l'cnlit-ld that it part oi
lhc l‘ill‘l'lltill Commission lsill pro—
viding tor lcinpoi'ili‘y uppoiiiliiicnls
ot Scimlors was it contriilcnlion ot
the SA, Constitution. and appoint-
tncnts madc liiltlci‘ this rule Vil'l'l'
in id. ’llic tll'lt'llSt‘, in l.llt' persons
oi l“l'iilll{ Kt'iVo and John Yngci'.
t.i.illt'il that iilc uppoiiitinciit pro-
lisi.tii is lt'i;til bccitlisc it tut is it
ncccssiii'y cxpcdit-nt and lb) it. is
in l,llt‘ bcst intcrcst of Student Asso-
('ltllitlii.

l‘t'illlt‘ltl's t'itsc “its
tuut- t'lt'ill'-(‘lll liu'
shill-r. lllill f‘it‘ltitllll'S tiilisl lii- t‘ll‘t‘l-

(‘liii‘llllllltill

ill. or), lllllllllt’lllS ili‘t' tll)\lllll,\l\ illil
ll t'lltill, and thus llu- i'lllt' is till-
i iistitiitionol 'lhc dcii-iisc iii';lltt'tl
in u t'tiiihltlt‘l'itlll) inorc i‘t)lli|ilt‘.\,
toninsdiiu. .Illtl soiiicliiiics li'l't‘ll'l'tllll,
it n 'I jit"ittil:». lilitlillt'l'. lti lili'l, thc
in.iiliihcily oi the dclcnsc's t'tlil~
ltlill ins washed .iround Ihc tot-ii oi
tlu- ('(illxllllllltlil llkt' it slut oi words
und tvidt-nih Judging by llll‘ lillzll
tit-1st. n di‘ou‘iicd i'cnticld and the
liit'nibci's oi Mysliiinln. Allis, poor
lioug.

lici‘cnse Linc

'l'lic dciciisc argument was timdc
somcwhitt bcwildcrlng by the lilt'lll-
sioii oi sccniingly cxii‘ilncolis nutt-
t‘i'htl For instance, ilicy ullcgcd
llllll i’cniicld spoke tor the Politi-
ciil (hiiiici'ciicc. 11 group not t'lltti‘l'
cicd by the Sciinic illltl tlici'cioi'c it—
self unconslitutionul. We might note
lit'l‘t' that there was nccd i'or rcier-
cncc to u dictionary for u definition

csst-nl lolly oi

't'onslitutioiml" 21S ll \‘.itS list-d
tiltii't' loost-l lilitll .l |li|lli1lll\ sorority
rn‘l .Ill l'\l lillli' ltiilt' l‘liiillt'i. l't'll'

iiclt.» \ltlill.‘ iu'oid «n li.|' Hciiittv

\l.ts (itll"\llllllt‘tl ii. i'l'.'.iltl lo lllt' \l’lls

.lltllliil .lp,tollit lil'lll Nt‘lllltl oi lltt'M'
gtiindiit- to llll'

illt1.lllt'l|l\ l\t‘lt‘
point at ihtllt‘. .illli holh \\ll'l' obli-
olntiy iii iIJio-nts till iioiniiicin, 1c.
iouiculh no good

.\nd Itci'crcnccs , , ,

'liit- dcicnsc liltltlt‘ lltl‘lllt'i' obscnrc
it‘li'i‘t‘li cs to iiic siiiiciioiis oi llll‘
Stiilc and ltcdcriii Constitutions. and
llll'll Ki'no l)l'('illllt‘ t'llliilllll‘tl in u
\l'l'lltll tiiish-iiiusli coiiccrning ii vu-
guc pi'occss ciillcd scll'—pci‘pcilliitlon,
'ihc point sccincd to bc that t'\’t'l'_\'-
body is doing it, ill some way. but
it would have taken an expert cot-
iii-picker to follow thc llll't'titl of
that argument, as Justicc Kitdct dis-
i'ovci‘utl when he tried to elicit an
elaboration during the questioning
j't'i'ltitl. Unfortunately, hit and l“l'ttlll{
were not in rapport in the same pu-
tios; its all it question of semantics,
mun.

:\llt‘l ii iiiystityiini, iliiilltdilk oil
clotioii prohnhilltics, llu- slibsiitilt't‘
oi \\lllt'll is tllu'slh ll.llill‘. YilLll‘l' .ti‘»

'cd \‘t‘|'\ nhh on inc point oi ton—
.oilli'ioiiol displilt' llc «iillcd for it
loosc toiisti'iiclioii oi lint (‘oiistillp
litili. it coii~idcruiioii oi llllt‘lll. llilll
lio- llilt‘l'tSlS oi the siiidciil body
and MW studcni i:tl\’t‘i'iltilt‘ill.

Questions Aiiyouc'.’

’iiu- iitnil tillt‘slililiill; \iiis dcsul—
tor), though it st't‘iili'tl that Pcn-
iicld somehow was pill in the mic
or dci'ciuiuiit, ll Ilt‘tll. trick indeed.
i’iiiiu‘ld stood firm in his conten—
tiliii that the Constitution is above
icgislutivc acts. lilitl lilws contrary
to it are v. id. Perhaps the simplic-
ity ol' his position was too subtle;
at any rate, six in c m b e rs oi'
Mysknnia cast their bread upon the
writers ot loose construction. and
the truth iiil‘irmed thereby may
some day return to change the Coli-
stlllitioii into it soggy and unpalat—
ilblc pudding.

  

