 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

BuyABid...

Next Friday will mark another IFC-ISC Winterlude.
This event is the only cooperative effort of the eight sor-
Unfortunately,
the cooperative spirit which organized the dance is now

orities and four fraternities on campus.

lacking when general support of the affair is needed.

There have generally been two reasons used by the
less social members of our social groups as to why they

cannot attend the formal. The ﬁrst is, of course, money.
Since the bids are a mere $3.00 this year, we hardy think

it is going to mean that these individuals will have to be

in debt for the rest of their college careers if they go.

The second reason, however. is a bit more incon-
ceivable in our minds. Winterlude, as you know, will not
have a name band this year. One of the aims of this year’s
formal is that it be a ﬁnancial success, so that perhaps
next year’s Winterlude will have a big name to publicize.
The people who use this reason as an excuse for not attend-
ing are defeating their own purpose.

How can you ever expect to have a name band when
the main reason that we can’t have one this year is be-
cause that past Winterludes have not made enough money
to pay for one? This condition will continue until there is
a ﬁnancially successful IFC-ISC formal.

Tickets go on sale this Monday. Break down and buy
one. After all—“What‘s in a name?"

Drought At Dippikill . . .

In 1956, members of the Student Association voted to
purchase a college campsite sixty miles north of Albany,
near Warrensburg, New York. We are now the legal owners
of Camp Dippikill-~ the name it has unofﬁcially been
designated.

Since that time, a Camp Board composed of students
and faculty members has been created to plan, publicize,
and promote the campsite. Some work has been done at
Dippikill, chiefly the renovation of an old farm house
which came with the property. Since its purchase, a very
small percentage of students has made the trip up north
to inspect the site. Since 1956, the greater majority of SA
has been content to limit its knowledge of the camp to
a scattering of pictures in the News and Pedagogue, and
to a verbal description from the few who have seen the
Dippikill site. I

And again this year the story appears to be repeating
itself. Few people seem to have any interest whatsoever
in Dippikill. The College Camp Board has done little to
publicize the site, and plans for its future either are not
being divulged, or no such plans exist today, almost three
years after the purchase.

There are those who advocate the sale of the camp
site. We are not yet among the group. But. we are to be
counted among that group who insist that the college camp
be planned, publicized and promoted. Rumors have been
circulating that some in this college would like to float a
loan to immediately build the facilities needed at Dippikill.
We question the wisdom of such a proposition at this point.
Would the erection of all the buildings necessary to make
our site a camp create the interest that now is practically
non-existent in the student body? Would it not be wiser
to ﬁrst ascertain the degree of interest the student body
has in a camp?

Frankly, we are perplexed. Camp Board has done very
little to foster an interest in Dippikill, particularly among
the freshmen. What are the plans for the camp? When
and if it is built. how shall we use it? What facilities will
we have? In short, today, three years after its purchase,
what are the definite plans for Student Association‘s White
Elephant in the Adirondacks?

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF I918

 

Second Place ACP
No. 25

F'll‘h‘t Place CSPA
Vol Xl.lll

All‘iliill‘l' oi the NEWS -tuil Iii-ll. oc ic.oi.iu l‘ui-wluu .ii'cinoon llilill 'l 'o i ii in
unit 'l'ocruuy -ii.li Wcriionday inuni lion. ’i' to ii pin .i' .3 iii‘Jli listen ion ll i‘ionns
l".tz.,..nink .1 iiii'di lll/llijlii‘ll‘, Le .e..’l 1.: .-.i o: ‘Iilll

’i'ne uiriieigimimlc
liliillinlii-Ii cui‘it’ l"!lilii:,' (ll 'lll‘ ('iniigi' teal li‘. 'Irc
Arwm‘iiilniir
MAILY I'I'I‘ZI'A'I‘IIHTK
.‘tlAltlJCNI‘L At‘KIﬁItMAN
(‘AILOL AI/l‘lt' A
DAVID I’l‘ZlJMIAN
MAIU‘ I’.l.I.liN “HINH'UN
MAIU'IIA lJmH'K .

.IAMI'Zti )li'IIl'tlll '
ELIZABETH sl'IiNi'I‘Jt
MUNICA 'I‘IIAb'KI'H

Noieinber H. 1958

ncwipnpri oi inc Hie. Yolk Hiuii- (Toilette loi ieloin-is,
NICWi-l Mount for the Student

I‘lillllDl' iii-('hiel

Managing luilttor

“tinlllcnu Adveitininx ludltoi
- Associate I'Ldiloi
Associate Iililitor
Associate I‘Zilitoi
Associate I‘Ltlllol
Assn-late hilltoi
' ‘ Annotate. I‘lditor
l'uiilir

' ' - - ‘ A. * . ‘1 “for
.IDIIN (HilIIK ~ ~ Iii lotions Ii '
“All”, DDI'UIII‘JI'IY » - - ~ ' - - I (.I‘Hlllll‘lu I'Alllul
.IDIIN LEWIS ‘ - - - ‘ - ~ - fo-bportn liditor
ItblII‘ZIL'I‘ KAMI'I" Consultant iipoi'ln ludltor

Hrculutlon-l€xolianxu ltdttoi‘
h‘iitte (‘oileue Photo Service.

 

(ill/HIV. Ia. flil-h hm‘wr H a M mm
l'IID'I‘DliItAI'IIY - - - - ‘ : ‘
All coiniiiiinlcniions should he addressed to the editor and must be signed Nome“
will be. withheld on reunnol ‘I'bc H’I'A'I‘E CULIIIL‘UE NEWS lthhllilwﬂ no responsibility
for opinions expressed in in column.» or coiniiionlcattom. an suoh expreosloim do not

oi-mcasiirily reflect its views

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 14. 1958

 

Adm

All graduate students and
Seniors who are majoring in
Business Education are request-
ed to sign up In Placement 0f-
fice with Clinton J. Roberts, Di-
rector of the Placement Bureau.

Interviews will be conducted
for Business Education majors
next Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday. Regardless of future
plans, it is necessary that regis-
tration be completed before
graduation. Registration in-
cludes being interviewed.

 

Karate! Kayne“
By Gebhardt and Barbagelata

Well gang we made it. This is
the second straight week that, our
column is going to be printed and
don't worry fans we are going for
the record, five weeks straight.

Question of the week: Will we
do it?

PALACE

In Love and War-4A touching and
beautiful story of our armed forces.
their loves. joys and sorrows all
rolled up into one sloppy mess of
blood. guts and lipstick. At. the
end we find our heroes marching
off to certain death with the back-
ground music playing “The Marines
Hymn." "0 Columbia the Gem of
the Ocean." and the "Star Spanglel
Banner." all at the same time. Oh.
Sob!

RITZ

The Naked Earth—We will by no
means endorse any type of enter-
tianment that has a title of this
type. We don‘t even know if this
title will get by the editor. It's (lis-
gusting, sinful and worst of all very
misleading. In other words a dirty
lie. A “filmed in Africa" type. Don't
bother with it.

Co-featiire is Showdown at Boot
"ill—And they want us to write a
serious movie review. Are they seri—
ous?

LELAND

ItlThe Terror from Outer Spaeeiv
A bloodthirsty Martian monster
comes to earth in search of human
flesh and cats his fill until he runs
out of governii nt inspected Grade
A people.

(‘urse of the Faceless Man—The
story of a faceless man and his
quest for a human bride. He finally
sochs his problem by sending away
for all autographed picture of one
oi us, llllx a plastic mask made to
resemble the picture. marries Brid-
lei. Bardol. and now appears on the
cover of Mad Magavinc.

MADISON

'I‘he Iiig (‘ountry ()ne of the bed
westerns to make the St't‘llt‘ this
year. The cast is a real winner and
the movie is worth your while it
is very unfortunate when anyone
llilh‘ it) l‘t‘t‘fillliJlt‘llfl ll “'t'hll‘l’ll ti.K llll‘
best movie oi the week ’l'lic prob—
icin lies ill the fact that we keep
iorgltliiig \ti"l‘l' in Alhaiiy. 'l'linl's
:ill lot“ now iiiiiiii. hope to see you
next week"

6W0“
at
To the Editor:

l.a-.i Friday's r‘nbinci report said
that (‘ainpus (?lii.iiiiissitiii was i‘c~
llllit‘llill posters from the walls oi the
perisiylcs t'\l'li before llic nctnitics
which they ni'c udvci'iisiir are lully
orguiii/cd 'lliis i't‘luil‘l was ci‘ioiic
011.“.

(tubinci llll‘llll)l'i'.‘~. said that they
had received coniplninls that posters
\H'i'i' being l'i'lllli‘.t'(l by persons other
than those on ('oinpus (‘onimlssiou
('ulilliilh (‘oinnisision i‘» llitilﬁlli.‘ into
the situation

 

 

.Ioiiii Yagcr '30,
Student Assmialion I’rcsidcnt.

 

I Campus
Chest
GIVE!

 

   

\w’i‘lilim,’
A
C [3 {I ’7

   

 

\

“Some ('hinese Auction this year. eh?"

 

  
   

C’ammon- glalee 

   
 

up
By (Housman and ouvo we

 

. I do know of these, that therefore only are reputed wise in
saying nothing." Shakespeare

MISAN'I‘IIROPIC I’IIILAN'I‘II ROI'IS’I‘

LPG. and CC. (Campus Clicsti were at odds over whose show \‘.oi.
be seen Friday in Page Hall. Since the “Glenn Miller Story" is lirii
avaricious as a benevolent fashion show. I.F.G. graciously bowed to lin
philanthropists. Worthwhile though this cause may be. we were arou.~~
by the avidity with which these well-meaning pepolc pounced upv
passers-by for contributions. Don‘t get as wrong; we too are eager ii
reach the North Pole goal. but we're ql'ictei'.

()II, BUT YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN MY CLASS

Our student teachers are back from the Field. filled with cxpcricno
enthusiasm. and tales calculated to ciithi'all any captive audience. "ill.
let me tell you about . . .  "Just last week. my . . .  "Although llli
cooperating teacher wasn't much. I . ' with these and other in
troductory phrases. the Experienced launch into Dcwey-ish account» <
their trials and triumphs.
back. happier for the experience.

NATURE'S OWN NEMESIS

Reasonably sure that the F‘rosh haven't heard much about our col
lege camp. We welcome this opportunity to publicize that \\'(ill.’ll'!l‘.
institution. Dippikill. our camp. owes its existence to two clever licnwi
who decided to have rcvciigc upon this state by building a small don.
This dam collected water, the \\'ill.(‘l’ collected slime and f‘l':l\\’lllli.', thii. :
attention. slime and crawling things want biological study. and t‘\i.’
college has its camp. Combining these factors. this college has its cuiim
Wc students have a virgin tract of scrub oat. some two hours ll'.i c.
away into the Northwoods. and “1' really mean away! Now. noliiu.
much has been done this year to improve upon Nature at the can.»
nothing has been heard from o oiicc-urtlvc Camp Board about by
wonderfully well work has been progressing Perhaps the work h.i r.’
been progressing; perhaps Camp Board just. quietly iraduaicd :u»
forgot. Well. this article would like to remember. It would like to pm
homage to those beavers whose foresight made this camp litissllili'. ..:i
it would like to stimulate interest toward solving some very knoii
problems. Cali we more Dippikill closer to Albany? Should w: .i.i .
the place to quietly wcailicr into charming riistirity'.’ Or. should \tc iii
wait, till that scrub oak grows to marketable size before we cull lillli '
some profit from Dippikill? It is our comp. thouin

I'JUAD. (‘II.-\ltl.()’l"l‘l£, lil"l‘ 'I‘IIIS (‘l'tht’ . .

A foreign [rare to State (.‘ollcgc ('iilllt‘. and. .illt'l' l'iitll'lllil too sporoin
ally. siunk away. We think that! the lit'ci' was overled; but iui' aw i
we feel that it. was out of us elcnnnt. It is lllll'l'\\.ll'(lill’.‘, llitlccll
iiiid iliul the more popular productions .in- loo olnrn ilnvc rc-woii.’
inuniml. llnii .«uy nothin': so prettih

YES, til“ ('til‘lth‘lu‘ \’()t' (‘.r\.\' ('(HII'I ()VI-llt ’l‘() ()l'lt “(MUSIC
l:‘ratcrinty l'l shine. is now officially opt-ind; Mondm night‘s HilliilJ!
upheld the sinntty tradition of past sinokcis. proiidiilg new jokl lot
the riisliees as well as ioi the careful h--Icners ll])hllili"~. ’i‘hc be 1 l in
tellers do not constitute the best fraternity brothers; some of the ill"
girls we know tell gi'cdi _liil(l‘:i. lint. you li'rosh. ll. l.\ now open .m
the house coilei's will be di-pli-tcd lliilil‘l‘hhilii'. you. the llIi'llilN‘i-‘v *io
put on their most ctlusive innnncrs; liquids will innioubicdli flow no '
Pick and choose, we caution. wi-i 'h and evaluate. you'll lil' with Ibcin ‘ v'
four years. The (frecks are pretty good guys. iiioiigii_ o (loud Lin-h

telletion of 'hc week?

Where's llu' University of Athens. anyway?

College Calendar

HUDAI’. NDVICMISI'JH H
7 till pm
if Jill pin
ii Ziii pin

 

"(iicnn lVllllt‘l' Story". Showing tonight cancelled.
Hi;;iii:i l..iinlni.i Hivniu lialc l'nrly

(‘uiiipus ('llt'hl l“-i.‘\llltlll Show ill l'nge llull
SA'I‘l'ItDAI’. NDH‘JMIiI'lIt 15

If iiii pin (.iiipa llelta itusli Party

0 iii) pin Hoccci Hillll‘l'. Student llnioii

SI'NDAY. NDVICMISI'IH iii

If 0(i pin.

New ltcsldcncc Dormitory (ipcn House.
ii 00 pin,

Sigma Lambda Sigma ()pcn llou..c tor Stall-smell
MONDAY, NOVIiJMISICIt 17

8'45 liJll (lamina Kappa Phi (toffee flour for Potter (/‘llib.
TUESDAY, NOVI'JMIH'JIt its

6.00 pm. ()rul Interpretation Readings. Draper trill.

That's (f).K.. gang, we‘re glad to have 

 

 

 

  
 
  

V 6

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 14.

 Interview Rooms Hillel Plans Sabbath Service;
 For Religious

1 Aid Available

David Hartley. Dean of Men. has
announced the procedures to be
used for obtaining use of the new
interview rooms in Lower Draper 08.

Sign Up At Bulletin Board

Students who wish to use the
room for consultation with any ad-
viser may do so by signing for one
of the rooms in advance. Sign-ups
are to be posted on the bulletin
board which is in the outer office
of the set of rooms.

Ii'or Religious Advising

Those who wish to confer with
their religious advisers. should con-
.sult the schedules on the bulletin
board. The times when these men

Pictured above is the faculty parking lot which faces Washington are available will be posted theie.
t. The gentlemen standing behind the white car The student shouldthen either tele-
tiiat is blocking the sidewalk is the attendant hired by the school to phone for an iipponitnicnt or leave
insure proper and efficient parking of facility vehicles. .
the people who have to walk on the street due to the law of space There Will be cards and envelopes
occupancy feel about his capabilities and our considerate faculty members. provided for that purpose.

Avenue

 

and Robin S

 

 

English: D

Auonié VAR

‘I'H

OG-s JACKET

    

GOSKO. GEORGE WASHiNGTON U.

English: THE WHITE HOUSE

 

 

Think/ish: ROVERCOAT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

JAMES pm,” M

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' lAAA

 

AIIiE‘rrA

English: SHARP-TOOTHED HOUSE CAT

 ll)!

i l" .
«digit

(balk

z.—

l'lnnklisli FANGORA

Eng/iin ; Mus]

 

(0.1 I to

‘ ‘ ‘ LULL
HUDNII (till “AHIA-I ilAll

CAL-lNSTRUMENT MAKER

Think/13],.

HONAi l) AMALUNG l‘iII'

 

 

Thin/dish; PRESIDENCE

SPEAK THINKLISH! MAKE $25

.lllHl put iwu words logclher to form a new
one. 'i‘hinlilish
(lo/.l-ns of new words in secoinls' We'll pay
$155 reach for the hundreds of 'l'hinlxhsli \\’lil'(lH
iiulgcll l)t'Hl
college :uls. Send your 'l'hinlyhsh words with
l‘lligllhll translations: to Lucky Strike, liox
Vernon, N. Y. l‘lllt‘ltih't' your name,

ii'lA, Mi

address. college or iinlyersily and class
Get the genuine article

Get the honest taste
of a LUCKY STRIKE

 

We wonder how a note in the drop box on the. desk.

KLiSH

1958

PAGE 3

IVCF Announces Meeting

Ilillel

Tonight at 8 pm. there will be
a Student Sabbath service at
Temple Beth Eineth for all stu-
dents fi'oni all colleges in the capi-
tal district. according to Toby
Geduld ‘61. president of Hillel. A
social gathering will follow the ser-
vice.

Kirk Douglas stars in a showing
of "The Juggles" at Temple Ohav
Sholcm Sunday at 7 pm. Admis-
sion will be 25c.

Next Thursday at 7:30 pm.
Rabbi Rubinger will give the first
in a series oi four lectures on great
religious masterpieces. All lectures
will be followed by discussion per-
iods.

Inter-Varsity (‘hristian Fellowship

D. A. Bcrbarian. MD. scientist
at the Sterling-Winthrop Research
Institute and Professor of Medicine
at. Albany Medical College, will Ili‘:
guest speaker at the Inter-Varsity
Christian Fellowship meeting next,
Thursday, '7 pin. in Brubachcr Ha.l.
announces Sandra Kailbourne 'Gl.
Publicity Director.

 

English: MUSICAL COMEDY
ABOUT A LUCKY SMOKER

Thinkllsh translation: Kudos to the
new hit Smoklahoma! Plot: boy meets
cigarette, boy likes cigarette. Lucky
Strike was convincing as the ciga-
rette, displaying honest good taste
from beginning to end. The end?
We’ll tell you this much; it’s glowing.

 

English: LIGHT-FINGERED FRESHMAN

 

Thinkiisli: PLUNDER

A STATE
RICHARD PUTNAM. N CAROLIN

  

is so easy voii'll llllilli oi'

iiiul We'll leuiinc in.iiiv in our

GRADUATE

Acr/ﬂ/Y/IMIWMMM’A 

 

1204 37':$9+Y
X‘ME’ 13;,
it

   

"Wald
"nineteen. .

CiGARETTES

 

 

 

 

J" n , u n . . in
Product of t/Af cit/mch (AW/25pm? -  is our main”: name

 

 

 

SC‘A

Plans for reorganizing the Student
Christian Association are well un-
derway, according to Ron Short '69,
president. and the Rev. Frank Snow.
Campus Minister to Protestant Stu-
dents.

Prior to this time. the S.C.A. has
been one of several religious organi-
zations on campus. Most of its
members were Protestants who were
not members of one of these de-
miminational groups. It differed
from these organizations in that it
was not sponsored by a specific
denomination and it met on cam-
pus rather than in a local church.
To Become Ecumenical

It is now hoped that the S.C.A.
will become the ecumenical student
group on the State College campus.
The present denominational groups
vand others that may be formedi
will be an integral part of the
S.C.A.. so that a student joining a
denominational group will also be
joining the S.C.A.

The denominational groups \vill
meet in their respective churches
three Sunday evenings during the
month. On the fourth Sunday there
will be it united meeting of the
whole S.C.A.. including the mem-
bers of the four groups which have
illl agreed to participate in the sup—
port of the reorganized S.C.A.

Membership in this new S.C.A.
is not limited. however. to members
of these denominational groups.
All students on the State College
campus. whether previously associ-
ated with one of these dencmiiia-
llOllill groups or not. are invited to
become members of the S.C.A.
HCA Cabinet

The S.C.A. cabinet will be com-
posed of representatives appointed
groups in addition to officers
elected by the entire S.C.A. mem-
l)(.‘l'.‘.l1ll). These representatives are:
Elizabeth Pfegl ’59 and John Con’
way '60 from Canterbury Club;
Karen O‘Neal and Mary Jane
Pringle. Sophomores. from Metho-
dist Student Fellowship; Mary Lee
Glass '61 and Catherine Tartaglia
'60 from Westminster Student Fel-
lowship and Linda Mi‘itson and
Sylvia Vaughn. Juniors from Luth-
eran Student Association;

Present officers of S.C.A. are Ron
Short. President. Dick Esner, Vice-
President, and Dorothy Harper. Sec-
retary-Treasurer. all seniors. One
of the first acts of the new cabinet
was the appointment of a commit-
tee to rewrite the S.C.A. constitu-
tion to take account of these
changes in the organizational struc-
Lure.

In addition to this monthly meet-
ing of :ill the groups. the S.C.A. will
continue to hold meetings on alter-
nate Thursday nights in the form
of study groups. Cabinet meetings
will also be held during this
Thursday meeting time.

First Meeting

The first meeting of the new
united S.C.A. will be held Sunday
evening, Novmnbcr ‘33. Carolyn
Olivo '50 will be the speaker for
the evening and will narrate slides
taken on her summer work camp
trip to Alaska. All students are ill-
vilcd to attend. The location of the
next week's State College News.

AD Opens

SeriesofPlays

The class in Advanced Draininiics
.uiliolfiu'cs its first round of plays
io be given Wednesday and 'l‘liui'sw
ild'. .il ti pin in the little 'l'liealcr.
lticlizii'dsoti 'Jiil,

'Ilie (iiass Menagerie

'lhc first of the sl'lt‘t'ilmls for this
program is scenes taken from 'I‘cii-
m-ssce Williams‘ "'l'hc Glass Mcii-
aiei'lc.” which is directed by Rose-
llidl‘il‘ Hcpc 'nti. assisted by Brenda
(‘.lswcll 'til ’l‘hmc in the cast are
l'ili/limih (iross '39. Carol Stephen—
s ii iii. and Howard Miller '62.

A Marriage Proposal

’l’nc second selection is a scene
from (,‘liekhov's "A Marriage Pro-
posal" which is directed by Carolyn
Heiiieiiian ‘60. assisted by Joanne
(trailer '61. ’lhosc iii the cast are
’I‘crcsa Boyd '60. Jack Sloan, and
Joseph Ball, freshmen.

'Ihe Al) plays are open to all who
Wish to attend. There is no admis-
sion charged

 

