 

 
  

 

   

PAGE 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 5. I958

 

Rush Revision . . .

Sorority rushing is all over, but the pledging. God
forbid that we should advise the freshmen to think care-
fully before making their decisions since they have already
deemed. We woulii auvrse inter-Sorority Councti, however,
to revise again the rules and regulations of the rushing
procedure.

This year’s rushing was the most intense we have
witnessed in our career at State. The object of the short-
ened rushing period was to avoid the boredom experienced
by both rushers and rushees when the battle for freshmen
ensued over a semester. Another advantage pointed out
by the advocates of a shorter rushing period was that rush-
ing would not interfere with studies so much.

For these and other less obvious reasons, the rushing
period was shortened to six weeks. For all practical pur—
poses, however, the ofﬁcial hunting season was limited to
four weeks. The hidden time-shortener was the silent
period after the conflict parties. Freshmen felt compelled
to make their choice on the Saturday of conﬂict parties or
take the chance of not getting any bids at all.

Sororities, too, felt that rushing, for all intensive pur-
poses was over after the conflict party as evidenced by the
fact that they held their ﬁnal cut sessions before the
Thanksgiving vacation. If the idea of having the silent
period extend over Thanksgiving vacation was to insure
the freshmen some free thinking time unencumbered by
masses of sorority girls trooping into their room hourly,
we are afraid the aim is a bit too idealistic.

The study advantage looks strangely weak also when
you consider that most freshmen felt compelled to attend
the three weekly informal rush parties normally held by
the sororities if she really wanted to see them all. These
informals plus two formal rush parties per week make the
study hours scarcer than ever before. And if a frosh made
up her mind, she again felt obliged to show exuberant
interest in the sorority of her choice in order to get a bid.
This necessarily entailed the same three afternoons, and
certainly marks did suffer because of this.

A'We feel that the sorority rushing period is entirely
too short—and the freshmen we have talked to agree.
The fact that there was obvious doubt about which sorority
to join in the minds of the chosen few indicates this con-
fusion. If the hidden time stealer—silent period—were
eliminated, perhaps the period would be adequate.

Silent period has always seemed ridiculous to us any-
way. Why not extend the 8 pm. quiet period to 10 pm?
Certainly it is a strain on everyone when freshmen and
sophomores converge in the Student Union at 9 o‘clock
and everyone tries noticeably to avoid gazing at their
future daughters and granddaughters and what have you.

A silent period need not extend for longer than a week—
end. Fraternities have only a one-day affair and no one
seems to get so upset. The last week before formal dinner
invitations is probably the most important week in rush-
ing. The silent period makes necessary hasty and often
regretted decisions.

Certainly [SC should listen to the freshmen women‘s
opinion on rushing as well as the uppcrclassmen. An open
meeting where the present rules can be discussed in greater
detail and depth would certainly be appreciated. We have
considered only the most obvious faults of the code. but
rest assured there are many others which a public hearing
could at least attempt to cure.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l916
BY THE CLASS OF I918

    

First Place CSPA Second Place ACI’

Vol. XI.III iii-i i'IIli)l‘l .i, ltioli NH, 37

Meiiibci . oi the NEWS .l til :i. i. ii i- l‘  it liic .da‘. .il'i ii.ooi. limit if to 'i p In,
and 'l‘niaiihi) .i:.ii Wednesday n.4,. ii ..i. . o .1 ,i.ii a: J .ilzlii i‘iiali'l.-li,“ ii p,,,,,,,.,,
Fit/,piitriuk 'J-IIIi-iii Doughcii'. L! iii/l lwui» o: ‘JI'I‘I

'l'lic undergramniii- iic.v.;i.;ii-i iii .c .‘J .t ‘i’oii. riza'c ("otpgp i.” l.-,.,v,,,.,.
published 1'VISI‘) l-‘rtilay ol in: (“)iit't,” 'ii‘ii 'i. inc it‘lCWr. liiiiiti ioi Ilil' Hlllilt'lil
Association

ludllor In (‘Iilct
Business \ilvrrtising I'.tl|tiil

MART” ll'I'I'ZI'A'l'KIUK
CAROL AL'T'IC

DAVID I’I'IIJHIAN
MARTHA IJ‘ZSICK
JAMES MclIlKill
ELIZABETH Sl'ﬂht‘l‘,“
MONICA Tit/\Mtlfh
JOHN (NITRIC
ROBERT KAMI‘F
GRACE HNGEIJ

\ssoclilic Lilllui

Associate Lilitiu

.hsuiilitte I‘lditor

.lssociitit‘. Editor

\ssotiitte I‘Lditoi

l'oliiic lteiotiona l‘liiitui
(liiimiiiiiini Hpoi'is Editor
('Ilt'lliuliutl liutiiiinge I‘ldltor

htitc College Photo Service
(‘orhput'ts Editor
(lons'ports Iﬁdltol'

T'TNYI‘UGNAI’HY
JAMES IHHTGIIEIH'Y
JOHN LEWIS ~ '

All cuinniuiileaLions siioiiid be LitiUIt'nvtti to the editor and ii. isi be signed Names
will be withheld on requimt The Blair: minimum vajwi-j ,,,., ,,,,,,.,_ m, Impmmnmlly
for opinions exprensed in its col loan oi war-amid itions as .- it i. t‘\1ll't'..,ilill}, in, “in

necessarily trill-ct its iii-Wm

 

 

 

(quid Kapead
By Tebhardt and Barbageiata

We want you fans to know that
we have finally broken dcwn and
contiadietea our tradition Oi stay-
ing away from the movies. Over va-
cation hte managed to sit through
the first half 0i Houseboat, and
Skip squiimel through the entire
showing of (‘at on a Hot ’l‘in Roof.
S.) if these two ilitrsh‘l tier came hac;
to Albany we will be a'Jle to give
them an intelligent moVie review.
OK. Jack COITTIIIJIT',’ All right Con-
nie Stater')

PALACE

The Tunnel of Love Diris Day
and Rishard Wizimirk stir ill this
latig.i-l'ilied, romance filled hit. The
ads are getting worse. Listen t.. this:
"He conidn‘t retiiunbei' the night at
the motel and she wouldn't let. him
forget." lt >UIIIICIS wonderful tiiitil
you remember Doris Day is in the
movie, She is about as sexy as .in
ivory Soap ad.

I) E l.:\ WA RE

Don Giovani ~ Hats off to the
Delaware for again and again break-
ing the policy of this f.iii' commu-
mty and introducing light. where
there is almost total darkness. Tough
show man.

LELAND

Open (‘ity rTlliS is a foreign movte
tilled as being sexy and violent.
The advertising should ptiii the boys
out of the pool halls and into the
theatre where they will probably be
\ei'y disappointed. The second im—
poit is Bicycle Thief. It. might well
be a good movie but by some coin-
citicnce. everyone in the movie is
itaiian. So men forget yout girls
and take your glasses otherwise it
iiil' sound like an Education class
after five straight cuts.
ltl’l‘Z

The above mentioned theatre rc-
fused to disclose to these writers
their up and coming feature for the
week. They prefer to keep it a se-
cret. at least for the present. At '
later date they will spring it on the
public as a sneak attack. il'temem—
bcr. Sunday is December 'lthi

 

politic/1 Puma,
:44 We 46184 . . .

I'm sorry. folks, but there is
no feature article this week.
Alas! Mack! It was to be about
the bitter cold weather of the
(‘ity of Albany, swamp flower of
the Hudson.

Ilowevcr, title to circumstances
beyond our control the article
by that Irish sweetheart .loin
(‘aii will be in its place.

.Ioiin ('aii—who is in reality
not Irish, really—is it very nice
person and Student Senate takes
precedence, in this institution
tiil‘l' feature stories.

You may well ask. what is a
fcuturc‘.’ No otic has ever ti'uciy
defined one, but it should pro—
vide sonic relayed reading and
should be somewhat different
from “hit is in the rest of the
paper.

Incidentally. if you hate ever
noticed the name [called .I by-
lincl ill the top of it feature you
may be interested to know that
it is piil thcrc so that if the
writer writes a ti) thing he
shouldn't, he. and not tiil' rest
of the staff, gels blunted.

So much about features, wall
for iii-\t neck to read one.

54mm Walice

liuuninations for the fail
term will begin on the morning
of Monday, .Tillilllll‘y iii, instead
of January ‘30, as indicated in
the (‘oliege ('atalognc. page, .3,
announces ()scar I'L. Iaini'ord.
licuu of the (‘oilegin

 

While no regular exiiiiiini»
lions will be scheduled oil out
urday afternoon, January i7,
this pcrlod probably will be liM‘iI
for conflict and other speclil
cxaiiiiiialions. Students should.
therefore. be prepared to take
examinations Saturday after-
noon, if this is necessary.

  
   
 

 

 

  

A flock of them flew over that time!

 

   

wists,
amazon-Slide" 3%" i‘

 

“To thine own self be true." (We‘re not sure who said this)
WEARY FROM WALKING‘I‘f‘f—TIIEN COMMUTE

The natives istudents living within the three mile devastation art-at
arc agitating for parking spaces. Some auto-owning apartment renters
complained that the students‘ parking lot. was only half full. I-Iowevci,
they can't. park in it because they live too close to school. From where-
wc sit. Ithe flagpole outside Draper: there appear to be two possible
solutions;

1. Tear down Albany High and build another parking lot.

2. Move furthci' away from school and become eligible to use [it

.prcsent lot.

.\'I‘ LAST, FORMAL RITSHINU

Once again the ladies of State College don their fortnals and their
best. party manners as they make their way to Sorority Formal Dinners
Amid fantastic favors, caterers, and waiters (chosen for their ability to
entertain. their "suav1ty". and for their small appetites; the Freshmen
will be given their lost sales talk before making their ﬁnal decisions
One last word of advice--’l‘lllMK. Sororities are ﬁne for some people.
and not so fine. for others. Be sure that yoti can remain an individual
and still pledge yourself and your support to a group.

TO”. AND ’I‘ROI'BLIC TRII'LI‘II)

More fun for the feeble minded as the new, improved registration
processes and IBM machines rolled into action. After four years, \ie
were. still confused How were we supposed to know that we're lilVl'll
a provisional, temporary certificate degree application so we can pi"-
slti for inactive registration in the Placement Bureau to take extension
courses? Bcsldes. after making live copies with two carbons, one pcntll.
and two origiiiais, we were told to come back third quarter and pay the
$7.50 for student teaching. something that they should pay us for.

(‘.-\ltl£ FREE DAYS

We feel that our mid-semester exams should be rc-sclictltlled. Every
one waits so long for 'I‘hanksgiiliig recess that tempers and pain-11cm
grew shorter and shorter. ’l‘his agitation is reflected in our grade-t
i'i‘llnlll test marks dull the whcttcd idgc oi Thanksgivmg zeal. for in
few cases are we really thankful for C‘s. We bite to see this institution
lose its gcnuincness. So, lets press for a special rest recess sometime iii
()ctobci'.

HAPPY DAYS Milt lllClilC AGAIN

Willi ticsc llIiit' and some weeks lit-lore Christmas comes a certain
it iliday :iir multiplied by sales pressure-x. snow, and sledding, si'l'i'ulllithl.
children All the stores are festive; this is the tune for present build;
list t'lllllliiilliil. liiiriwing and purchasing Many tinics we cannot ltlltlltl
not to buy. it i' Iiow else can we realize »ucli great swings? Why didn't
i join (‘hristmus ('iuIi‘.’ look in. that lot Santa Ill Whitney's, and lili'll‘
«c his obviously luss prosperous brother out front. asking tor, not giviu
pi-i-scnis Kid-ctiiliising. this multiplicity of image and intent. Well
come on. lil's rciel ill illl' lln‘ongini: shoppers and iii the scntnniiil.
\ou can cut it. in chunks lt'oin Iilt' loudspeakers Why can't Mai-is
parade at Easter. too‘.’ chcrniind. \ic're stuck with ii, who knows. pt l-
liiips a >Ilt‘ ial l‘ilIl-illltl‘y could i)t' declared lll iill' lace of .i “Mi t"-
ccssion'.J llali! iiuinbuggcd.

Question of the heck?
Did you hear about lit)i'tt‘ll c'.’ She received ’1 (illlllt'i bids and Ill.llit'
hero-ll absolutely sick \\'ill1 indecision,

College Calendar

H.\'l‘l'ltil\\’, lil~(I-1.\llil:‘lt ti
’1 oo pin Al. Soloiiiv i~‘oiin.ii lllllill‘l.

 

 

HI NIHT'. lili(‘lu3llil2li 'l

:i no pin iiillcl (‘lianui-zah iiinnci’, ’i'cnipli- ()iiiiv h‘lialoni
MUNIHY. lilit‘l'JMHlilt it

it till pin in Albert i‘aiiy Speaks. i) Ill”

11 Izslmt’, i)l‘i(‘l-.1\llllali‘ 9

it on pin (ital interpolation Presentations, 1) 1H!)
\T'I'iliNICSIDAY. lil'itliMlSl'ilt it)

it til) piii Atiiitllt'l‘ti i)liillltlll('h I‘t'csciilatlons, it Bill

'l'llliltHlMY. lililt‘lxauuilll ii

i (it) pni M Hiniclia i’i‘alt Speaks, i’agc llall

ii iii) pin Advanced ilrainiitics i’icscnlations. it 291
FRIDAY, DECEMBER i2

'1 iii) lllll. lFtl Presents "The Student l'rinco,‘ l) 349.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 5, 1958

PAGE 3

 

.—

Four Fraternities .

Committee,SenateIntroduce pledge College
Rivalry Recommendations

By JOAN CALI

First on Senate‘s agenda Wednes-
day night was the appointment and
approval of Thomas Cilll'ilo '59 to
fill the Senate vacancy from that
class. Congratulations, Tom.

First Reading,r Bill

A bill to delete the 2.5 academic
requirements for candidates for
President and Vice-President of SA.
from the SA. Constitution was pre-
sented in its first reading. This tilti—
iiuc idea will be forwarded to the
Constitutional Committee for fur-
lher deliberation.

Appropriation From Surplus

Next Senate agreed to appropri—
ate ninety dollars from surplus to
provide for three buses to transport
HQ children from St. Coleman's
Home ill Watcrvilct. to Albany for ii
Christmas Party scheduled for De—
ccinber 13. in Bru. This party is be-
ing made possible through the co—
operation of Student Association

and certainly a positive step in
fostering the Christmas spirit.
Rivalry Report

Formal recommendations froth the
Rivalry Cctlllliitit‘e were introduced
and after much discussion. Senate
made additional recommendations.

No warnings for violations of
tradition. more competitive. sports
program . . . both male and female.

(‘an‘ip iﬁoard Movie

Senate then viewed a movie on
the College Camp alter winch rcp-
rcsentiitivcs from the Camp. Mr.
Hathaway, and Joseph ’I‘aggert. en-
tertained questions from the floor.
It was brought out that work has
bcen promoted in various areas
through work parties which have
been using the facilities every week-
end this fall. Primitive camping is
the cry but isn‘t "750 acres a lot to
be primitive on?"‘ iCompliments,
Veep Ncsbittl.

 

The Broadway

 
   

of these outsiancli

illihcatrc League

proudly presents the

1958-59
THEATRE
SUBSCRIPTION
SERIES

ng Broadway Hits:

 

 
 
    
 

  

PRIOR TO
BROADWAY

"A COMEDY 0F iRRESISIIUtE CHARM"
PETER USTINOV'S

       
   
 

 

Tie the coupon — Subscribe NOW!

0 Choose your seats —— yours for all 3 shows!
. Pay Less Than Box Office Price!

0 No Ticket Shopping!

0 You Get the Choice Locations —— and SAVE!
GET YOUR SEASON SUBSCRIPTION NOW!

EACH PRODUCTION WI

PROCI'OIx‘ ‘) IIIl/\II.R, SCIILNI'CIADY N Y, FOR I NIGHT ONLY!

|——G ENTLEM EN :

l Please enter my subscription to the Broadway Theatre League |
series, 1958-59 Season, price range anzi performance indicated.

| Check i l or Money Order t
| NAME (print, please)
ADDRESS .. . . . . ..

I“l‘()ili orchestra sill. rear orchestra and upstairs loge sitiotl,
boxes and downslaiis loge $9.50, front

iiilit'lllH $0.30.

All plicCs include your seats for the entire series of 3 shows! ‘

Numbei of Scots
MOI! this application wnli

|
t
i BROADWAY THEATRE LEAGUE i
, oiSCHENECTADY ,

203 STATE ST SCHENECTA

 

'e airlarris

A romantic cor-i

  
  

"EB BAKE!
at J_'Fi_El
Tamed I
,jji-Lgi‘hs'ﬁlkﬂ 
is .

illilill FUNNY INDEED!"

~—AiH/Isnn, TIMI]

 

No Standing in Line!

LI. BE PRESENTED AT THE

‘ TTTTT'R

l enclosed for
............u... l
.,..............

 phone .  i

balcony $8.00, rear

unit localion '

heel. or morn-y oitlci I0:

DY HY PHONE FR 776MB


 

U pperclassmen

Men recently pledged to Sigma
Lambda Sigma include Gerald Zap-
poio. Brian Vieie, Harold Jewell,
John Suits. Sophomores; and Rich-
ard Ayer '60. according to John
Cocoa '59, President of the frater-
nity.

Kappa Beta

Stuart Nock '59. Piedgemaster at
Kappa Beta. announces that Paul
Baker, Robert Sholtz, Juniors;
Robert Sands. James Wa r n e r,
Henry Mau. Edward Conlin. Edwin
Menegaux. and Bradford Mundy.
Sophomores, were pledged to the
fraternity.

ICEP

According to Donald McClain '59,
President of Edward Eldred Potter
Club, the following men were re-
ccntiy pledged: Erie Baumes, Wil—
liain Thompson, Roger Quacken—
bush. John Harrison. Francis Car-

angelo. Robert Congemi. William
Brennan. Kenneth N o d e. i, Mi-
chael Kessler, Sophomores; and

Carl Herman, Junior.

Alpha l’i Alpha

Neil Jurinski ‘60, Pledgemaster.
(lisz'losed that Mr. Robert K. Mim-
sey, Director of Housing. has been
enrolled as a faculty member of Al-
pha Pi Alpha, and that. Edward Gil-
lie, Gary Jadwin, William Nicholson.
Juniors; and Kenneth Lawless '61
have begun their period of pledge—
ship.

Frank Krivo  President of Al-
pha Pi Alpha, announces that work
on the new house at 135 South lake
is being carried out according to
schedule although the completion
date is still indefinite, The brothers
hope that the majority of the work
will be completed by Christmas.

 

74a 0M WOdJ |

BY THE BYSTANDER

Silent Generation

No-Nonsense Kids
. . . pick a title, because you must
fit in one of these categories. You
are one of America's younger gen-
eration; you are one of that great
mass which appears to have nothing
to say. adheres to no radical phil-
osophy. and which has no budding
literary genius to express its views.
. you're lost
. . . you're a conformist
This is a great sin in America to-
day. How do we know? Ask any
writer of “popular” sociology pap-
erback books. The younger genera-
tion is going to pot. You're domin—
ated by your peer group; you‘re
brcaking away from the tight little
family circle known in previous
times as a trait of American soci-
ety. and you don't eat goldfiin any—

more.

Not so long ago. the younger gen-

Forum Presents
G uesf Speaker

Frances Greenberg ‘59. Vice-
President of Forum, announces that,
Dr. Albert Parry will speak on
Monday at 3 prn. in Draper 349. His
topic will be "Russia's Moods
Where and Why."

Who Is He?

Dr. Parry is Professor of Russian
Civilization and Language, and
Chairman of the Department of
Russian Studies at Colgate Univer-
sity. During World War II he was
with the U. S. Office of Strategic
Services and from 1950 to 1952 was
program Consultant to Radio Free
Europe.

Author

Dr. Parry has written extensively
for magazines and has had articles
published in Harper’s, Cosmopoli-
tan. Reader‘s Digest, and many
others. He is also the author of
three books.

eratlon. primarily the college “kids,”
were known for their crazy antics.
They didn't conform . . . their zany
actions back in the “good old days"
is indicative of their non-conform-
ity. Today. the college generation
would hardly consider swallowing a
live goldfish. In brief. the present
younger generation is eternally
damned to the nasty title of "con-
formist."
. . . but we like it
. . . we want to conform

What's wrong with being a con-
formist? Who cares if every other
guy in the college wears backseat
buckles and Challis ties? We don't
want. to be non-conformists .
we don't want to eat goldfish . . .
we don't want to rebel against any-
thing that's accepted . . . we don't
\\ ant to write “heat generation"
poetry. We want to conform.

A college psychologist has said
that college student are “too con-
cerned with their psychological well-
being.” This may be true. but we
see nothing wrong in that.

. . people seem to forget
that we have a right to be less con-
cerned with eating goldfish than our
counterparts in the “good old days."
We have a right to be overly con-
cerned with our psychological well—
Leing. We have a right to conform.

‘7 'lhese rights are our because we are

not living in the “good old days.”

Tile. younger generation today has
a complex world to face; a world
far more challenging than that
faced by previous younger genera-
tions. The world today is a much
smaller one than that of even
twenty-five years ago. It‘s a world
if greater competition; and you
don't sharpen up for competition
by swallowing goldfish or doing the
Charleston on the roof of the near-
est sorority house. The younger gen-
eration today probably is more seri—
ous than in former times in this
country. They conform, and they
have to . . . there's much more at
stake.

 

 

Say“

' Werry C’hristmas

Wlll‘l

CARDS, RIBBON
WRAPPING PAPER

Complete Selection Available

al the

CO-OP

 

Get your

 

DON’T. DELAY

 

Christmas Cards

Imprinted Now!

 

 

 

 

