   

 

    

Witter-.vaWamt

«ax-94wwtiiilzwlxtﬂﬁ’iiﬁﬁig.

Mt-nrmmwmamw _

PAGE 6

 

   

r .» h5'h’1!'\’"2ﬁ"»~31"i -'

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1958

 

All In The Game:

New League
Rolls Into Action

By JACK LEWIS

Since the beginning of the new

AMIA football league, the intra-
mural situation seems to have
straightened itself out or been

straightened out. depending on cer-
tain points of view.

The recent AMIA ruling which
brought about the formation of a
six team league may have beii con-
idered to be overly harsh. especially
since it tended to affect players who
were innocent of any connection
with the situation. A. the time, it
seemed that many of these players
would be unnecessarily frozen out
of intramural competition.

However after looking at the past
week's account of the action it
seems safe to say that the end has
justified the means. Several of the
forementloned players have ben
worked successfully into the rosters
of one of the six remaining teams.
The possibility of this solution to
the problem had been questioned at
the time when the ruling was made
but it seems to have been intelli-
gently handled,

The point about justification of
the means can be held up by a
review of the new situation as com-
pared with the old. To date three
games have been played without any
problems or disputes. The referees
have been prompt and efficient,
even moreso than last year. For this
they deserve congratulations on the
basis of improvement.

Depending on varied opinions this
recent decision may or may not
have been the shot in the arm that
AMIA football needed. Still, what-

JV Booters
Lose Fourth

Straight Clash

State's J.V. booters lost their
fourth straight game Saturday to
R.P.I.. 5-0. Due to an away varsity
game, the J.V.’s were left with a
minority of 11 starting men and 3
substitutes. Coached by graduate Ed—
die Jones. the Feds played a inas-
terful first half. leaving the Engi-
neers with a 0-0 score as the clock
hit the 44 minute mark.

Second Half Proves Fatal

The Rensselaer boys started lilt-
ting hard in the third quarter when
the score quickly Jumped to 4-0.
State tired rapidly as RBI. brought
in "fresh and dainty” men. High—
light of the game was in State's de-
fensive piayiiig led by Walt Sciiacitri‘,
who with an organized combination
of head and foot. upset if llliljtil'lty
of R.P.I.'s offensivciiess.

State Bows ’l‘o ().(‘.(‘.(.‘.

The J.V.'s lost their third game to
Orange County Community College,
9-1. The Pcds’ only goal was bootcd
by wingman Lou Woliicr.

Greek Import Stars

Spectacular player of the gzitiie
was Harry Naipliotis. I-laiiiiig irotii
Macedonia, Naf'pllotis scored six oi
County's nine goals. Ht: was \‘cry
adequately guarded by State's cen—
ter halfback. Rogcr Quackenbush,
who suffered a black cyc iii ii't-qiiciit
field "i'uiiibles."

 

Weed trim;

Although illl'il‘ season dorsn't ,;t't
under way ior lliUlt‘ than a month.
the varsity wi‘c tling liililt‘llllb til't'
Working tilt daily (‘ontiitioning M’-
llvitim HIV in full swing i‘\.l‘I_\ day
in the Mlllit‘ (iyni .lllil on llli‘ run-

ning I'Ulil":l‘ iii‘oliiii ‘,‘i,’..shiip,gtoii
Park Lake
’iiii- l‘cd ;;i'ii1tpit~i's tire pl'ii'ili'iilif,

tinder iht- tlli‘t't‘iltili oi ('Il-t'iiliililm
JtJ’ liiii illlil Chiii'hc Ktlill‘ with
have i’itusc and Al Jiictiuais. rt:-
turning itfitt‘l'lllt‘il, aiding iii-w tililfll-
dates learn thc iuiidaintzntais

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave.
Near Washington Ave.
2 alumnus
We Aim To Please

 

 

ever the opinion there is no denying
that the league has definitely been
shocked into action.

Innovations Take Effect

As we predicted at the beginning
of the year the extended 90 yard
field seems to have affected the
type of play in the league. There
has been considerably more punt-
iiig as compared with last year and
we may also be able to attribute the
low scoring games of the past week
to this lengthening.

Next week’s schedule features APA
vs. SLS on Thursday; otu' pick for
Game of the Week.

The grapevine has it that some
of the soccer alumni will challenge
the JV to a game on Wednesday.
Some of the notables involved are
reported to be Bob Backer, Warren " " " ' '

Dunham, Everett Wiermuller, Wen- Danny Labeille, JV right wing maneuvers the ball away from two
dell Fowler, Joe Hickey and Fran onrushing RPI players as Russ Gritch moves into position. Action took
Nancetti. place in Saturday’s game.

 

. .

 

 

State Keglers
Win Twice

State keglers finally broke through
the ice this week by shutting out
Union and A.B.C., 4-0.

Bibbins Sets Pace

Bibbins. Bibbins. Bibbins. What
other way is there to start this
week's varsity bowling club story?
This week it was 183-221-176—585
for Bruce as he led the Feds to a
4-0 victory over Union last Wed-
nesday. Ecklenian followed with 499.
bringing the total maples to 2320-
2136.
Ilagie Leads Union

Tim Hagle led the Schenectady
boys with a 507 triple. seconded by
Stine hitting 477.

A.li.(l. Bows

The kcglers took their second
match of the season Monday night,
with a 4-0 shutout against Albany
Business. State took the last point
on wood—total. 2333-2246. Ped high
scorer of the evening was John Ec-
kleman with a 487 triple. Ponde led
the Business team, hitting for 490
for the top triple of the night.

 

'I'H

ENGLISH: endorsement of
Lucky Strike cigarettes

     

English

    

iii-:- THINKLISH TRANSLATION: Other
brands of cigarettes burn with
envy) over the matciiless taste of
a Lucky Strike. Lucky’s taste is
honest taste—A the rich, full taste of
fine tobacco. So any endorsement
of Luckies is bound to be a Tasti-
monial. Mmml

 

as

, [Ml/i4:

English: EXTRE

 

Think/ish: M EAN IAC

English: SICK REPTILE T I

SPEAK THINKLISH!
Put in a good word and MAKE $25!

lii-i'c's tiic t‘tlHil‘Hl \\ii\ yt-t lo iiiitltc Illiillt‘Vl
.liisl piil two Will‘tlh tiigt-llit-r to form ll Ill‘W
oin- l'Ixtiiiipic slob i i'i‘t-ii-t‘ HidlliH'l‘l‘iii.
i.ngli.~i|i ti'.iti- sin-lilisli \\|lll imd Illi’l'lllt'l'H.l
‘.‘.i"ii [my :41: tiit'li ioi' ilit' litiiitiii-tls of
'| iiiiilxiisli unity-ti liosl illltl \tl"ll
ii-;itiirt- iii:iii\ lll tIll‘ follow this. Scull \om
'l'liiiiltlisli \Hilli‘ \Klili translations In lilli'l\\
FIi‘iiw. lio\ ti'/:\, .\ll, \i‘lllliil, N. Y. l‘illl‘itit-it‘

nnnic, :itltlt css, t'oiit-gi oi tiiii\ t-i'sil y and cins.»

 

Think/ish: ILLIGATOR

Vitin
ED COLLEGE GROUNDS

English: CROWD

Get the genuine article

 

Think/ism cRAMpU“
w
©4 r to 4

 

KLISH

, UNHIP DOG

 

Thin/(list).- 5 Ct UAR  DALE

MELY NARROW CAR

  
  
 

 

Get the honest taste
of a LUCKY STRIKE

. p.) K/ . n /'f H n I
Prat/mi uj  t Inf/(«0510111 (11%(660 6,590“)? n  is our Iiiii/i/lr mum '

 

lillitmti

.

fallow
/ y

'.t . stint.

  

  

tiith

  

 

 

o

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24.

1958

PAGE 7

Varsity Faces Undefeated Oswego Lakers Tomorrow
After Dropping Two Close Decisions During Week

KB, SLS, Potter Score Decisive Shut-outs;
Potter Offense, KB Defense Super/afive

By MIKE (‘OYLE

After revamping the schedule and eliminating two teams from the
league, AMIA football was again kicked off. The new league contains
teams from each of the four fraternities, Union Heights and Sayles.

KB, SLS Victorious

In the ﬁrst game of the new schedule KB met Saylcs with KB
coming out on top. 8-0, scoring a touchdown in the ﬁrst half. This was

followed by a safety in the second lialf for two iiiorc
points. All tiic scoring was done on dci‘ciish'c plays.
The touchdown canic when Joe Gilbcrt rccoyoi'cd a
fuiiiblc in the end zone on a punt tittciiipi. in ilic first
of tlic panic. ()n the, safety .Joc Kctchuni trappcd
Jim Warncr in thc ciid zone to lllilki' tiic tag. As
tiic giiiiic progressed Stiylcs ncrcr moved the ball
past KB's 30 yard iiiic. lt scciiicd that ncithcr tcam
l'ciitiircd a good oilcnsc but both appcarcd to t'xcci
iii dct'cnsc.

The following afternoon SLS and Union Heights
clashed on tiic iicw athletic field. SLS scorcd in tlic
first. st-coiid and final pci'iod, whiic Union Heights
iailcd to cross thc goal iinc during the coiii'sc of tiic
gtiiiic. 'I‘hc final word cami- out to bc, Sits-iii and
Union liciglits-(l. The first score was by Pctc Spina
taking a pass from (piaricrbitck, Ed Vcsncskc. Bud
Bakcr scorcd the ncxi two. again rccciriiig piisscs
from Vcsncskc, The extra point in tiic fourth pcriod
was iiiadc by Paul Harris. Vcsncskc’s captaiiiing “to
i'cspoiisiblc for all tiic scoring done by the SLS iiinc.
I’oitcr Downs .\I’i\

()n chncsday afternoon. last ycnr's champs. Ptiiici'
Cliib incl :1 stronc APA tcitni. Both tcanis battt-rcd
each other for tiic major portion oi tlic gamc with
the iinal rcsult bciiig Poitci‘-ii and APA-(i. ’l‘lic gaiiic
was fc.iturcd by iiijurics as two hcary, hard-hitting
lincs crashcd against cacti other on every play.

'I‘hc scorc bcgtiii to tally on tiic first play its Pottcr
s"oi'i'(| a sai‘cly itiiincdiatcly iollow-

 

I)oii Ht‘ul'flt‘ll anti Hob Anderson close in on Potter halfback Wendy

Fowler who [caps to avoid the tag. Ilei'm Altman,
middle watches the. action of Wednesday's game.

 

lng ihc lit-ginning kick-off, .Jiiii Fi-
tli't‘ iiiiiiblctl thc punt ill the cnd

From This Vantage Point:

 

rtilli‘ and on tiic iicxt play Pclc
Siiyai‘ic oi Policr rushcd iii ior tiic
touclibiick. Working \\iiil a two
poiiii adranlagc. Poiicr ('lllllt' back
a lcw plays how to chalk up an-
tliii‘i' ti points on a pass from tutor-
icrbiick, 'I'oin llricriy to Ron (il‘tl\’i'.\,
tiic ich cud. 'i'iic Poilcr llilll' suc-
ccssfully usi-d lhc phiy that ihcy
had i)i'(‘ll dcrcloping in ihcir rcccnt
itiili'il('t‘.\ to iiuikc this score. ()ii
illt' siiiip iioiii cciiicr. tiic halfback
took oil and cut toward thc iiiiddlc

Get To Homecoming!
Always Colorful Blast

  
 

By JIM I)()l'(i‘illlil{'l‘\'

“()S—It'I‘I-(lt) into tiic wild blue yonder

Show the gratis we're out to win"

Tomorrow afternoon the varsit soccer team will at-
y

{I ling as u dccoy. On the stiiiic_sig- tempt to get back into the win column after suffering
Hui. HM“ PM." UNIV?“ (“Film W 1” successive defeats against Piattsburg'h (not Pittsbui'g‘) and
“'“ “mm” ""d 1“” 5mm" “1” Middlebury. Opposition will be provided by the always

toward ihc lclt sltit‘, ’l‘iic obvious i‘c-
suit was an carly scorc lor the Club.
‘l‘hi- ant-inpt for thc cxii'a point
iniit-d and tiic scoring sloppcd
iiici'c,

Willi Iii'it't‘iy's ticlit'ulc passing and
iin- ilccti'ontcd running oi halfback
()wcii liiiris. tiic Club iiitiiiciicd ll
furious oiicnsc. but Al’A's stalwart
dclciisi- was iibit- to ward ll oil lliil‘i
llll' iiiitiiil attack. liob llakt-r .iiid
.lt‘l‘|'_\' I’icktird sliiirt-d tiic t]llill'lt‘l‘- 
back spot for AI’A llll(l llzivc Yousl 
did most of lhc rcccivnig .liiii More
icccircd .i brokcii piw ill tiic \iolciil
clash and into llricrly suddciiiy icii
down iacc first on ilic held during

llclh'ig'iiorc

ihc iiinii (piiii‘ici'

liciiniiiiiiiu AMIA Intramural
l“tltllll;lll (innit-s

.\1olltl;i\ NM ii
'l’llt'htiiiy, Not ‘i.

liiiioii [its ol liil
Sttylt'h .il Ai'A

i‘olici' ill ilnion
llt'liiilis

Hlih' ill Kii

\K't'tiiii'ntliu No\‘ :i

llllii:»il.l\ Noi ti

Monitn. Ntt\ lit lilliilil lll'i',ill.\ at

Snylt‘s
l\'li at Al’.'\
Hi}; .ii l’iiiit'l‘

'ilii'stlzti Nor ii
\N’t-diicsiiiii. No\' l!

 

Try our Willitil’t’ . . .

iiiit:

THE MAYFLOWEII

20f) Ccntrai Avcii uc

 

 

2 liaiiiburgci's, Mcltcd (Iiiccsc, lit‘illlt‘t‘ &
’l‘omatocs, Miiyoiiiiaisc, on ’l‘oastcd llun

Ctii'llct' of Robin

powerful Oswcgo Lakcrs in the highlighting event of State's
Homecoming Weekend. Bc thch for the festivities; cheer
for the Feds as they will be playing for you.

DciSignore and Iiorko Lead Defense

Lou DelSignorc, senior co-captain from
Watcrvlict, and Marty Borko, a sophomore
from Eilciivillc, lead tiic defensive play
for thc Garclamcn. As has been witnessed
thus far this scason, both Lou and Marty
foil iiiorc opposing oil'cnsivc plays than
any other men on tiic iicid. Along with
l't‘t‘()l'(l-L)l't‘likillg lincnian Frankie Faiiacc,
Lou DclSignorc is our pcrsoiial pick to be

placed on this years All-Statc socccr squad.
Ed Jones I’rcparcs Future Varsity

Congratulations go to JV soccer coach l‘ifi Jones for
his cxccilcnt work ill prcpai'ii'ig and grooiiilng a iinc young
tcani. Although they ll‘dVi' yct to win a gamc thcy show
ability and potential and Joiics‘ coaching will surcly dc—
wlop thcm into outstanding varsity playcrs. Hc was him—
scif and outstanding varsity iincniaii for four scasons.

From The Sports Desk:
(piarici'back. has ncariy as much time to find l‘t‘t't‘ivci's
and throw a pass as docs (Thuckiii‘ Charlie Concrly of tiic
Ncw York lt‘ootbali Giants
"tiic group of mm 1 haVc practicing for baskciball liaVc
niorc spirit and potciiiial lllilll oilicr tcain i'Vc coaclicd
sitith my first yciir iicrc tour ycars ago“.

Tom Iiricriy, l’ottcr‘s acc

(‘oacii Dick Saiicrs says,

 

()ii (lciobcr 73:3 .\liiirria, (loddcss
of \\'i~.’loiii and “llctii‘cniy ('oiicii,"
illllliilll‘t't'tl lllt' starting lillt'-ll|i for
"g inn- bciuccn tiic (‘iiiss of liliitl and
liic I"I'isltic»Myshics.

The forward line in this sotccr
c'iisli iiiil be Sneaky Wi-cks, Feroci—
ous Fox. Itosiicr Kalli-i, Simple n'cpi-
iiiii (isioi'icd (llivo. Iloopiiloiig liar.
i-is, n‘liuti I‘l'lil h'cloriino and I‘lltft‘il'i“
licd I‘ib‘lll'l‘ will hit half-backs iiiiiic
Itaspiiilii Ilonconl and Amphibious
.‘\(!littl‘lllllll will play the fullback po-
ritioiis. 'l'ciiding goal will iii' Kaiiipiis
Kid ltainpl', Mail Woman Marro
and \t’rtiiig-tt’iiy Willis.

 

 

By DAVE MILLER

Disputed Call Results in Forfeit;
Middlebury Takes 2-0 Squeaker

The climatic homecoming tussle looms as a must tomorrow after-
noon as the Fed hooters, under the direction of coach Joe Garcia, look for
a winning combination after two losses in a row to Plattsburg and Mid-
dlebury made the Ped record two wins and four losses, with three of the
losses coming at Bleecker Stadium.

Forfeit To I‘Iattsburg
Thc first Plattsburg win in nine years of play came
tiic easy way to the Cards as referee Ed Card decided

he had had enough Pcd protesting and called the
game with about seven minutes left and a 3-1 win
for the Cardinals in the making.

The actual forfeiture came after an Albany player
had bccn ejected from the game and argument con-
tinucd after the cjcctioii. The Feds had been protest-
ing plays all afternoon and the consensus of opinion

..~ g». 

among thc players was that they had been hiut by
poor calls.

The onc Albany goal was tallied by Carl Gertsen-
bcrgcr iii tiic sccond pcriotl on an assist from Art
Hackctt. Both this and ilic three Plzittsburg goats
scored by Dick Phillips will be wiped out of the
records. ilti\\'(‘\'('i’ as tiic gaiiic officially goes into the
books as a l-0 forfcit to Plattsburg.

’I‘iic Pcds had bccii putting tremendous pressure on
tiic Plansburg goal during tiic last quarter and the
only thing that kcpi illi‘ Cardinals in the game was
goalie Jack Poitcr. whosc spccd in the nets gine him

the man in the brcakcr for the

Middlcbiii'y‘s Tore Huligrccn

WAA Pleads
For Greater
Participation

By GRACE ENGELS

"’lhc Women's Athletic Associa—
tion has as its purpose the promo-
tion oi sportstiianship and a cioscr
spirit oi i'riciidliiicss among thc
studcnts of tilt college and to aid
in iiiziking iiihictics come to have it
lasting pliicc oi importance iii tiic
siudcnts' recreation hours. .  The
above quotc from tiic W.A,A. Flycr
iiispircd nit- to proclaim this yciir
"W.A.A. Participation Ycar" for all
girls at Sititc College. Howcvcr, l
ltill' that a few other avtd sports
tnthiisiasis and I will be tiic only
ones to obschc my proclamation.

Socccr and hockey have already
i.i't'll discontinued because of ii luck
of lllil'i‘r-d on tiic part of W.A.A.
iiiciiibci's. l’titll‘ :ittciidaiirc tit Volicy-
hull gamcs rt-sults lll loricits c\'ci‘_\'
(lll_\'. Exccpt ior two “bi'avc souls."
tiic lciinis courts on Washington
/\\'c wcrc ticsci'it-(i last 'i‘iicsdiiy ill-
it‘liltltlil

WAA. must.» for you, girls, and
lilf' things you want to do. It has
lhc i.tt'llllll'h‘ and llic sports. Ho why
not illkl' till\'iliilllt.’,t‘ oi tiicsi‘ oppor-
tuiiiin-s ior iun. i'ciiixalioii. and
ttt‘i't'.ilioii

Ask iicc (liglio ':iil. tiic i’i'csldciil
of W A A, and Holly Works '09,
\N'AA Vlcc-i’l‘i-siticlil, ililtllii liil'

int-rits of this til‘i’itlll/ullttil lioth oi
tin-si- pii'is \\‘i‘|'l‘ i‘il' [Hi to tilt“
\N AA lioiiol‘ (‘oilin'li :1 position

itilt'ill'tl oni\ :ilti-i‘ ii lob \\t‘li iiltllt‘
ill \‘V A A lll'il\ili(‘h' (‘oiiglltllllu-
llttlir». gills'

You iiosh and you uppcrciass—
Illt‘ll, will i liilt‘l'l'hl you iii if \H‘l‘li'
ill-i oi ii'csh air, ('lllli't‘tltil-ilill‘llt‘(i
nit-aim. and an i-iitoyubit- stay o\i-r-
night in a cabin in t‘hzithaiii‘.‘ will.
that is what you \\lii gci 11 you go to
l“rosli l‘l'tillt' No\onbci ’l and it lhc
wcckcnd is an annual ail'itn' put on
i.y W A A til it» i‘iilllli. t‘ztiiip Joini—
slolt

l‘ .t i'. _\'t tti' th‘l'ui girls "iii'ii\'c ii"
o\i-r-nighi in liic cabin at Camp
.Jii‘ . iiicy co..k illl‘ll' supper ii\'l‘l' a
ii.;i/.iig ilt‘tli'ill, tiicy spciid ll I'csl-
illl night in :i slccpiiig bag on a
bunk ill tiic t':tiilli But bciorc bcd.
a good Unit“ is bad by all Singing
.i.‘ouiid tiic iirc and just rciiixing
'llit- iicxt din a btisloiid of girls ur—
i'iros at the Camp to spend ii rcsi-
iui. cirtoyiiblc day. An"! Food? l"llli'.’
ltclasanon? chl!

iourtccii savcs for thc (lay,
largcly by Lou l)clSignorc and Ed Koube. spiced by
sonic blistering shots by Fallace.
Middlebury ’l‘riumphs

’I‘hc Wednesday scrap with Middlcbui'y was a heart-

The attack was paced

those who attended saw
brcak a scoreless tie
illlt' ill the last quarter and then
add insult, to injury with another
rcoi'c to icc tiic gliLlii' after both
tciiins iitid battled on own terms
foi tiic first thrcc quarters and most
oi thc fourth.

Pcds as

()swcgo linlN‘lltt'll

'I'Iii- ()swego Lain-rs bring their six
game win skeiii to town tomorrow
for the :3 pm. tilt at Bleecker fresh
from conquests of Bull'an State and
l’iaitsburg‘. Their last appearance in
Bleecker was a happy one for the
I’cds as tiic hooters picked up a 4-1
victory, and the flu epidemic of last
fall forced the suspension of has-
tilities. Since then they have gained
strength and have become. a power
in (‘cniral and “'cstcrii New York.

'l‘hc (larciaincn will bc (‘Illllll to
tiic task llt)\\’(‘\'l‘l'. with such iiicii
as l.ou lit-lh‘ignorc. goalie Gus Till-
man. Hank Bcohiiiiig. and Art Hack-
cit back and iii-\i‘twiicrs such as
l‘d‘llllZ Z\\'lt'kt‘ii):lllt'l'. Iioii Eiiiptc.
Cili'i (ici‘isciihcrgci'. and 1H Wiiisli
to aizgnit-nl tiiciii

I’iirplc I’ciipic lialcrs

'lliu piir, lc shirts can also llllL‘Ul'k
it‘iaiik tunic—goal: Fallacc, Sopho-
iiiorc from Milli‘Ultl, and have Chuck
How so on l‘t“t'l'\t' ii iiccdcd. Any of
tiicsc nicn air as good as anything
(bwcgo has to offer; much of the
bliiinc for thc spoilt-ring oi tiic Pcd
inability oi
lilo-c playri's to play ll good game
ill ihc Sillllt’ illllt' Ii lhcy .ill get
iogctlici' .iiifl ])l‘ii(illt'(‘ at tiic some
illnl', on iilt‘ stitnc iicid. tiic i’cds
will iii' :1 itlliilil it‘liili lo i)t‘lll lt.tiiol'-
tow .tlici’notn .ti lllt-ccki-i'

llllll'ilillt‘ hits lit the

 

span -.s,aazz.9/.z

Hpoli
lilt'l' again to tiic
litlll’Illllllt'lli

H|i<ilihlili till’t‘.‘ls lir. bi-aiii
AMIA iooihuil

l..Ili Call. captain of l’ollt'i'. higli~
lighictl tiic game with iill't't‘ iiitcr—
spct'liiciilai' ol-

ct-ptcd passes and

iciisiit- playing

itiiss iiuii. AI’A icll guard. put'cd
tiic royal bitit- .iiid \\hiic tlt‘li‘ilst‘.

b‘pct‘liil goes to Jun
l"loi'c. who suffered a broken Jaw iii
a spcctaculair touch and go play.
Jiiii is cxpcctcd back from the hos-
pital today. and will be staying at
Siiyles llaii.

l‘ci'tigiillloll

 

