  

PAGE 6

Grapplers Take 28-8 Victory Over wmmam
BPI; Feature Five Consecutive Pins

By DAVE NHLLER.

Albany’s matmen will go into
their match with RPI next Wednes-
day with one win under their belts
as the result of a 28-8 conquest of
Brooklyn Poly last Saturday in Page
Gym before an enthusiastic crowd
of some 200 spectators.

The crowd was well rewarded, for
it saw the Peds win in six of the
eight weight brackets for the one-
sided conquests that saw the first
appearances of Paul Turse, Harry

saw v Int-z» «v

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1958

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1958

PAGE 7

 

 

Support For
Varsity Squads

By JACK LEWIS

Brink, and Jerry Zappalo on the been sidelined for most of the sea-
mats, all in a winning cause. The son with an ear infection. Garcia,
match also marked the first win for who was present as a spectator at

Don Warne, a Sophomore from the match, lauded Bosomworth's . ‘ . . . . .
Spencer, whose future as an Albany performance and expressed pleas- With bOth val Slty squads havmg experlenced VICtOI'leS

 amassing”? bright. uredat theBteam shofwing under 11115 in the past week the sports picture at State is looking
w e ( _ ( . . . t . ‘- ‘ . - . ‘ ‘ . ‘ .

A great deal of the credit for the 5318:3133 coaliﬁaiiiinogntlleii: 223:: 18:1 bllght' The qiles'tlon now 18’ 101 how long “(111 Phey l-emal-n

hrwcatsranmwmwM tﬁﬂhiﬁdﬁﬁﬁhdﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁdtﬁ‘

wee mus egvn esuSlue ' e

EggglqlﬁdBolghfosogygorgvléh WE; 131:1 “Quays mm“ squad and the wrestlers are in for some rough competitioii

matc‘h. Bosomgm took over to? _Ai Jaquays. a Junior from Water- before the season ends, and that the majority of the cheer-

ailing coach Joe Garcia. who has {11.16153lug'golfmfifgge‘: al'éeglﬁtasma lng‘ should be held off, to be used in support of both

to be Injl‘lmd as he i)“: Lhe‘hsegvy’: these teams in their approaching contests.

weight match. The trouble was di- Optlmlsm Toward BaSketba“

amused to be a ruptured eardrum Coach Sauers hoopsters jumped to the offensive on the

‘th'Ch WAS thought to be .“Ot 59”“ weekend as they downed Pace and Maritime successively.

ous and should not keep him out of . . .

action too long. He and Joe Hill The ﬁnal scores, 90-63 and 70-37 respectively left no doubts

were the only losers, Juquays by a in anyone’s mind and added even more to the optimism

pin‘ and Joe Hill by a hard fought exhibited toward the team.

  According to Coach Sauers his team deﬁnitely has

est mm} on the Brooklyn Squad,            

didn't quite have enough to over- whether or not they will depends on certain factors; mainly

come him as he dropped his match . ' . . -
to Len Tetmultof Brooklyn the new members of the squad. Included among these

 

HandicapAnd
ScratchTeams
StartOtficially

The Scratch League officially
slllrlcd clearing the pins off the
Rice :illcys. on Dcccinbor 4, under
the able direction of Dave Oakleal‘.
The lcnuuc consists of six teams with
five participating players ill each
team.

In high game luui'cls so for, the
power packed team of Buckcl, Bruce
and company have guided the Gut-
terdustcrs to first place in total
pins with 244.2. KB follows wilh ll
close second of 2392, under the fab-
ulous kcgling of Jay Lol'richio who
had a thrcc gamc high of 535.

APA and KB cxpcl'icnccd an un—
lticky strclik lhzlt had thcm llvcr—
aging a minimum of ten splits pcr
game. This wrilcr‘s opinion; good
luck boys, it. hllppcns lo the bcsl of
tennis as we have just wilncsscd.
League Standings

PedsFaceTightPre-HolidaySiate;
New Paitz Opens Page Tonight

F rosh Answers
Editor's Plea

For Nickname

Dear Jim,

I rcud your article in today's pn-
MT and think it is a good idea to
try and clmlig‘c our nickname, When
i first hclird ihc nnmc Pcds it
soundcd lo inc like somcthing sold
in :i slow.

I attended N.Y.U. last year and
ihc school's nickname was challng
iln-ri- iroln ihc wcak name of Vio—
ll‘i.\ to thc llcl'cc lmlnc ol lilc Vik-
ings l'm :ill for n chllngc in our
illcl-zimlnc.

State Cops
Three Straight

By BOB KAMPF

With four gumcs staring him in
the face, Couch Dick Suucrs will
huvc to work his vanity basketball
squad ovcl'liinc bclorc the Christ-
mas holidays.

Tonighl lhc Pods play host to
Ncw Polly. Slate ill the Pagc Gym
and tomorrow the Albanians travel
to Ncw linvcll lo tackle the over
troublesome Nutlncggcrs. chl \vcck,
lln' Soucrsmcll how a pair of home
colllcsls on 'l'ucsdny and Thursday
night against Ulicu and Potsdam,
l'cspcclivcly.

The JV preliminaries :it all hoinc

 

 

“Hey. get those teeth out of my shoulder!” Jerry Zappalo holds on

Pause, Kane True To Form

50 poiilts last year. is the man to

watch this year along with Charlie

Kane. He proved this by going after

Charlie Kalle, the once-beaten sen~
sation from Norwich now in his

pound bracket. Kane has now won
twenty matches while dropping only
one in his entire collegiate career.

Probably the lnost important part
of the picture presented by the win
on Saturday was the fact that the
unknowns came through — Paul
Turse and Harry Brink both pinned
their men and Jerry Zappan deci-
sioned his man—to take a great deal
of the pressure off the veterans who
had to be counted upon to win their
matches to take up the slack left

fast to his opponent as the two men fought to a tough decision win by by the departure 01' four letterme“
State. BELOW: Dave Pause, Garcia’s 130 pound representative, pins his
man in the ﬁrst period of his match. Action took place at Saturday’s

meet against Brooklyn Poly.

 

 

209 Central Aven ue

Hamburger Deluxe on Toasted Roll, French Fries,

Cole Slaw ...................................................... .. 55c

THE MAYFLOWEB

Corner of Robin

 

 

 

ART

75 State Street

 

KAPNER
"Your State Insurance Man”

ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5-1471

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

last year.

Students Elect
Z wick/bauer,
Mil/er, Lynch

Elcctlons for thc offices of Vice-
Prcsidcnt, Secretary, and Freshman
Representative to tho AMIA were
hcld on Monday, Decclnber 5, 1958.
Robcrt Tillman. Prcsidcnt, .ln-
nonnccs the now officcrs as such:
Mcrlc Miller, Vicc-Prcsidcnt; Gary
Lyilch, SC(:I’i't.ll'_V; F'rnny. Zw1cklbau-
cr, Fl‘L‘Slllnilll licprcscntathc.

These new oiliccrs will go into
office immediately and will remain
in powi-r until the elections of
Spring '50. Miller is replacing
Tillman who moved up to the Prcsi-
dcncy, ulnlc Gary Lynch is replac-
ing Ray Hlivcr.

Lynch Won ovci‘ Frank I14 golill
F‘alluce by the narrow margin oi
four votes. Mlllcl' and Zwicklbaucr
won by very \vldc margins. It was
reported that only sixty-three
fl'cshlncn votcd while
ballots lunoullicd only to 197.

Prcsldcni 'i‘illmnn also slutcd that

tho AMIA Ui'Lgllill/littliiil la‘ slowly (lc-
\'cloplin', min .i ('1illlllllli.i‘c type or—
itzinimtlon with u. ccntl'ul hcad une
dcl' tiic dircclioil of Conch illitll-
away and 'i'lllmlln. Plans lil‘c now
bcliig illlidi- for unit ycul'K pi‘ugi‘ltln.

 

Woldce

Al'lcr four wcciis of .lbscncc,
during uliich ill! was vcry slid-
ly nlisscd, .loc (inrcia returns to
Albany State.

(lurcili, prcscntly coaching
varsity urcslling, sul'f’crcil a
loss of cquilibrium during prac—
tice, ('oalch (iurcili, who droppcd
in chry ul'lcrnooll this past
ucck to advisc the gratpplcrs,
will go back into ul‘iil)” Mon-
day as gym instructor and
wrestling coach ill prcpuration
for the lcunl’s next match.

uppcrclass 

are Bill Thompson, Eric Baumes and Tom Ryan who
ability—wise more than adequately ﬁll the gap left by last

Sophomore Dave pause, a Schem year’s graduated. Howevcr there is the inevitable problem
ectady boy who won 34 of a possible of adapting these men and working them in with the rest
of the team. Until then almost anything could happen
especially with the cagers facing New Haven on Saturday.
his mm [0,. a quick pm in me 130 In the past four seasons the Peds have been unable to
pound bracket and in like manner defeat the New Haven ﬁve on the oppositions court. In
this case the squad will be journeying to face what they
Junk”. mm m,st W10 mm. in may prove to be the toughest opponent of the scason,
(iisposing of his mail in the 157 following their home tilt against New Paltz on Friday

nigh t.
Grapplers Romp

As far as the State grapplers are concerned Saturday‘s
meet with Brooklyn Poly started the season oil“ with a
perfect note. It was the newcomer‘s day to shinc as Paul
Turse, and Harry Brink scored pins and Jerry Zappalo

decisioned an awesome opponent.

Don Wai'nc squcczcd

out a pin in the last seconds of the match to score his

ﬁrst win. Again Kane and

Pause turned in quick pins.

Bowever the mat squad will also run into its share of prob—
lems when they face RPI in their next meet.

AMIA Opens

Hoop Slate

With Four Active Games

This year’s AMIA basketball leagues started on thr-
ﬁoor of Page Gym on Monday night. Games were scheduled
for every hour on the half—hour, starting at 7:30 with lhc

ﬁnal game slated for 10:30.

In the ﬁrst game the “Leftovers” beat the “Bcatnil-zs”
37 to 26. Hcrrkind lead the “Leftovers” with 11 points,
scoring 5 in the first half and 6 in the sccond. Also adding
to the victory were Ray Eddy from last year’s JV’s with 8
points and Willis scoring 7. High scorer for the “Bcatniks”
was Osterhout tallying 9 points.

Next the “Transfusions” downed the “Accs” 26 to 18.

"Oops! There’s one oi' the few”
“in lioilghcrty scores two of the
Al'Athi-lics ill points in tho AMIA
game on Monday against ’l‘hurlow.
The group house won, 40—19.

 

’l‘hc scol'c shcct showcd illili most
of the points for thc 'I‘l'nn:lusions
came from John Moddcr with 12
and Roll Roscnihui got lo.

For the “Accs” all lllc points \vcrc
rccordcd by two “11‘”. Wail'l'cll Jos~
cclyn was high with 10, followcd by
Jim Hclilcy with tile rcnllillllng.
SLH Tops Kapsi

Following this, SLS incl. and dc—
f'cntcd Kllpsi by a scol'c of 32 to 27.
Jack Mary was high man in this
contcst with 10 points for SLH Also
adding to the victory \vci'c Hlnll
Myslinski With 7, llilil l‘llllil‘i‘ wilh ii,
and .lllcli ()i'insbcc Willi :'i For Kupsl
ltillliilowlix. nnd Kirby sillil'cd lop
honors, cuch picking lip ii 1iuilllh.

l'll’.-\lllclics [more In Shame

lll llic lnml gilmc illc 'l‘ci‘l'ol's iii-at
llil‘ Al’Alilclics by .i scol'c oi lit-ii).
lnbblc no. hutli lnzin lHl’ lllc 'l‘cl'—
lors from 'l‘hul'low “ill! 20 points
Shcl'nlun and Ynichow nddcd illc
l'csl ol lln‘ :,l‘ol‘c, l‘lll'll illl\lll;‘ 4}
points. For lllc Al’Alllcllcs .llln
Dougllcl'iy buckcicd fl points for u
losing calilsc.

'l‘his lil'sl day of lllc compcillioli
shoucd pl'onllsc of an llclivc and lil'
ill-csllllg scnson. Willi liic \’:ll'li‘lV
of skills and sixcs in all lllc lingucs
it should be Vcl'y cnloynblc iol' bolh
lllc participants and tho spccllilol'h.

 

Has Bums "'4'0 SI’S  ' 0‘4 Yiiln‘s truly" cnlncs bcgin M ii 4:"). Vlirsiiy mntchcs
KB   "  ‘ 1—3  ,  Joseph l’ozowicz, (‘llllllill'lli'l' lli 8:150.

Gultiu usts - o ill  .- HMS m. ,“2' TM”. For Thm

lop chlcrs ‘

Mikc Buckcl lll-l ' By \‘li'luc ol lls fill—o3 victory ovci‘
Jziv Lori‘lclilo _ 17h Pncc llll(l :l 70-37 li‘lilinph o\'cl' Nc“
David Bi'llcc . ,.   .   173 Yuri-z Mnl'lillnc Acndclny, llic Sililc
(plump 13.11119”,  _ ‘ “,9  m‘,.. livc run its scuson l'ccol'd lo ii-li
Joc Kctchum . .. .. 107 ovcr lhc past wcckcnd.

Snucrs was ucll picnscd \\'llll both
unnlcs, bill. had a lcw gray hairs
;iddcd whcn Pncc jumpcd oil to a
io—ilo‘ illicrnlission mnrcin Friday

“Twas the night licl'orc ('hrisllnlts
And all through the gym

()ic couch Dick Snucrs

\t'ondcrcd wllo could licul him.

Handicap Lcaguc

Al l‘lclil‘llililll. lhc lllilllllL'i‘!‘ of tho
Handicap Lcnguc. finally saw his
ii'illllS scllic down inst 'l‘ucsdny, to

C10“. I'm. “11,.” of 1mm (m “5 M,“ l-‘roin the doors of the Millie “mm m JM-gpy CNN A mum-
ond scl'ics of the scnson, (“"1" “W “rum-‘5 “ml “'1‘ “03115 Illllll'll'l‘ lll'l'SS paid off lil ihc second
()i' lhosc able young grupplcrs pulp pow-moi; as the Purplc and

The Vikings and Kobl'ns showcd “1m wrestled “1mm
“‘3‘” 1)?“er by I't‘iil’(ﬂl\“l:‘v 511mm” (‘ouch llailniwu)’ pondered
cring bliylcs and lhc Apzichcs, 4-0, (“or “05mm!” gym notes
The Old Mcn kcpi. first dlilslon by While u“ m. mum think of
vn'luc of :1 35-1 dcfcut of n vuhnnl “.0”. the AM” mum.
I'U' i’mm‘ 'l'hc howlcrs are losing;

This wcck‘s outstanding kc::lcrs My God what a fate
wcl'c Bob Willis with n. lilrcc garlic 'l'hp)‘ hm] 5mm“. “H. 591mm
high of 500 llllll ’l‘olly Conllctm's _\l Suc’) u fqu my“
lll‘ill Ul 503- A1 Clill'l‘it‘ lil'l)L ill“ Now the iioop slate has started
Vikings in first place by livci‘nglng [Am a“ “f the {mtg
495 ‘dh ll“ Willi'llt‘tl 111“ l‘l‘ol Hf lllh‘ And tllosc vcrdunt young freshmen
strong lclim pile up win ul’lcr will. A“. “mung muse “rats.”
Thc Old Mcn ilil thc sccond spol muss Me alleys imc llnkc has uddcd ill lnlirkcl's Hills
11110?!" lrlll‘ ll‘ilfli‘l'ﬁlllll “1 («“llllll'ild lllls opened its doors llii~ to bring his four ycnl‘ total to
who lcads ihc lcnguc with :l 105 '1'“ up,“ pager ﬂung kcglers 1450.
“""H‘HC‘ Who DOW] 0" “5 “00m 'I‘hc Pcds have ilvcrngcd 75.6
League Standings The HD0115 Slit” is Writing points n game thus lill' with ll total

(told bounccd back with a 4:”) pcl‘ccnt
i142-7li llcld goal hul'l'ilgc.

Dcnny Johnson and Gary Holway
lcll llic attack against Mili'ilinlc
Sniul‘dny :ll'icl'noon with 12 points
nplccc as tho l’cds complclcly out—
clnsscd lhc slnnllcl' nnvnl quinlci.
Statistics To Date

Altcr lhl'cc plum-s. (illl‘)' llolualy
is oncc :igllill lczidlng lhc Pcds lll
Ihc scoring coluann \\llli a lo polili
:i\'ci‘ngc. ’l‘hc Scnloi' :icc ll'oln Surn—

Viklngs .  6-2 I.U. ,. .. . . 4-4 The last page of the year ()1 227 p, Lhr-il‘ Upplmongg' 53 pp;-
Old Mcn  Aplichcs ...... .. 4-4 '1‘0 with :1” 3'0“ [100910 glimc mark.
KUDI'il-S r .  Silfvll‘h‘ - - 0-8 \ mle “HDDY New Year. Oihcr lcadcl's on the lcnln include

Doll Collcil who has sunk icil of 17
ficld gonl allcmpts for n 38.8 pcl‘-
ccntugc, Tom Ryan has proved bcst
frolll lhc foul line ill the Ihrcc
clum- sci \\'llll :in cvcn 80 pcr ccnt
iii for ll!) of charity tosscs' lnudc
llolwuy lms collul'cd 45 of lhc lczlln's
liio‘ rcboilnds.
(iriuluntc ('oll‘ce lloul‘

As an .lddcd inccntivc lo gct lhc
grand old grad sludcnts out lo the

read. A...
ilolnc clinics, (il'lldiinlc lllill‘l' ill 207

rl‘hc topic of intcl'collcgiafc football hci'c on Slate's mom“ MN”... m“ gm... mm... 1,,
campus has again conic up llil’ discussion. The first qucs— nil pxlsl zilllliilll liilll nun ll'livlnls
tion that ai'iscs ill my mind, and the minds of many olhcrs,
is wlicthcr thc student body will be givcn llic samc run—
around that it has l'ccclvcd in yczll's past. I vcnlul'c to
say, slcpping out on a wcnk limb as i do. that things should
be a lot different.

'l‘hc AA liozli'd hst sci up n commillcc to look illlo
this conlrchi'sllll ai'cn. it will bc thcir job lo considci' this
qucslion, i'cvicw all l’acls pl'cscnlcd lo ihcm and illly‘ll illalx’c a
any i'ccollllncndlilions llllli might bc ill-ccsslll'y, 'llic final I
dccision i‘csts ill lllc hands of lhc Stiltc of Ncw York it
is this govcl'ning body that dclci‘mincs whclhcl' lhcl'c Will
be moncv in lllc Slalc budgcl. to support such it program.

At this limc lhcl'c is onc fact that might ll‘litl us to
bcllcvc illtit somclhnlg is going to bc donc. As of host
yin", sophomorc gym will again bc i'cduii‘cd. This is a
char indication llltii. lllcl‘c will bc nil llll l‘czisc ill lhc collcgc
coaching stall. it blight wcll bc that this slziil‘ will nssumc
thc i'csponsibility of organizing and coaching a loolball

tcznn. ‘
This campus nccds and wants football Why shouldnt

 

From This Vantage Point:
Football Question
Under Consideration

By JIM DUUGHERTY

 

linincdlzdcly :lllcl' illc Ncu l’dll/
lzliiili- Friday llll‘lll.

u p‘cgu

 

"His )‘i'dl'h nild loi‘l\ pounds .lgo,"
'l'olil liyliil \\';ls Illlllil‘ll lo ill.‘ Allv

they hum. ill", T T t + Sclwzlcclnd), (‘ou lily linsltclbnll
I" H H I . li din
Fl‘liiil The Sports licsk: ’l'llis wi'itci' would likc lo ll£l\'l‘ 'llns yi-ni‘. [hr 0' 21,.“ loom-1- gm.

morc posit.ch suggcsllons conccl'ning tllc idca ol :1 ncw In HI‘lilHrhlpllull-pk‘iiuillxllii“will;
Im-k‘muml‘ “- you Hunk “I. “My “WT. vacuum“ (“Up “W u  llilii‘cc)Igzillllcs‘ illi‘lii lnl‘.
lillc at my homc it was nlcntioilcd lust wcck that Mn“ hi,._m,,.m_,,.,l “MM,” “Hum”
Tum liyali was a All-County baskctball star wlillc altcndmg IH'l' l-nnn- nnu li‘liils llll.‘ l’cdls ill in;
Scotia‘l-ligh lic asks that it bc pointcd out "lllut was (i ::':lll[;*ltllllii:llllt mogul) “Hi an
I )4 ,,. ,. i.‘ :_'.
years and 40 pounds ago. . . . Bob Bosomwoith disllvis Tm“ M“ M “WNW “Wm”, 42
recognition for thc fine job llc did coaching our varsity “I...” H“. gummn.“ my... “1,. Hum.
wrcstlcrs Taking the reins during Joc Garcia's abscncc ill-lililllhtl Ncwt'jl’alllz. toniiitn.liln‘énniti
A h ' . . . a . ) . cl lli' loll ms 21', i A: "-.'e
he developed a team that swanipcdBrooklyn loly by a “mm” mm gmbe 9 mmums
score of 28—8. ’l‘llrcc of the Winning grapplcls ncvu mm ,1“, U“ 5 “I H mm mm W

wrestled before. tennis.

RPI Defeats
State Keg/ers;
Bibbins Lead

By DAN LABEILLE

Siiilc‘s varsity kcglcrs still hold
tight to tllcir third place standing
as the third month of the '58-’59
scnson comes to all clld. They will
lcsulnc thcil' scuson on Monday,
Fcbrunl'y 9, whcn lhcy lncct Sicnu
(.‘ollcgc at Columbia Lam-s in Lou-
donvillc. ’l‘hc RPI Engincci's juinpcd
into first plzicc lhrcc weeks ago as
Siclm droppcd down to illll‘(l. Al-
bziny Bilsincss (‘olicgc cxchungcd
ihcir l'oiil'lh pilicc llisl ucck with
llV'l‘l :lnd ucni down to thc bottom
of tho hsi; Union. collsistcnlly rc-
mnlns lll lhc fifth position.

Lost- Last Of '58

’l‘iu \nl‘sily bowlcl‘s wcl'c dcl’i-zit—
i'(l :i-l ill the. last game of thc ycni'
nuninsi a powerful RPI ii'itlll. 'I‘hc
llllfll bms won the first glimc of a
ihl'cc game Si'l'll‘S howcvcr by a
lucnly-four pin margin (iH'l‘ the
iiiilgincci‘s. Thc chssclucr boys
capiilrcd ihc scccnd :lnd lilll'(i games
by sixty—onc and folly-two pins,
taking their final polllt on total
wood, 2519-2440.

liibbim Does It Again

Bibbins took high luurcls for
Sinic again this wcck but was tied
by Torn Burkcr of RPI. Brucc, who
hit a 198-179—162 A539 tl‘iplc on
Monday night, still sits on top of
illc pul‘plc and gold [coin with a 165
nicrngc. chl in line for State were
l,)u\c ()llklczlf and John Ecliclman
who licd with 402, Olhcl' scorcrs
i()l' illc Pcds wcl'c A] Bukcl‘ hitting
Hz and Ed Strcdcnsky with 443.
Hil'cdcnsky was [his wcck's substi-
Iiilc lol' Piiillunl still doing grad
Work.

()h So (loud!

'l‘hc first place team. who took
top notch by dcicating Sicna tllrcc
wicks ago, was pin-cd by Tolll Burk-
cr with a 189—182-168-—-539 lriplc.
Two other cngiilcci's hit the live
hnlldrcd lnlirk lhls \ycck; lhcsc
wcl'c Boyci' i510: and I);l\'lS i500i.
’i‘hc i'cnlulning two of file RPI
(jiilliil‘l hit ill lhc \ci'y high 400‘».

Box Score

()uliicui . llill 1:33 l'i-i it)!
Sli'cdciisliy llil 146 Hi; ‘Hli
linkcr . ., .  169 ion 1:40 474
ltcklcinun ,.. lTl loll hits 401
lilbbllis ... lli'd 17‘.) iii": filiii
Sldlc hill 'ilill Tiff) LIMA)
lii’i iiiiil tin!) (til Lilli

l.c:iguc Standings

ltl’l .515 ii
hd'lm 2!! lo
Sizili- L’Il fl 130.3
li\"l‘l . lit 20'
Union l.) 29
.Ali(‘ . lof) Iii?)

 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. llaJu- Arc.
Nl'itl' Wnsliiilgtoll Aw
25 ISAKIHCNS
Wc Aim To Please

 

 

L G. BALFOUR
Fraternity Jewelry
Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs
Club Pins, Keys
Medals, Trophies
UNIVERSITY l’.(). BLDG.
171 Marshall Street
Syracuse 10, New York
on 5-7837

Cari Soronson, Mgr.

 

 

JV's Lose First
Of ‘5 8 Season
By One Point

Having won two straight games,
the JV hoopmen were ﬁnally de-
feated 56-55 by a strong Albany
Boy's Club team. The junior edition
of the Peds played a sloppy game
throughout; throwing away a num-
ber of valuable passes. Although—
this night proved to be a terrible
showing on the Fed part, graduate
coach Ron Graves believes he has
the makings of a very good team.
The Purple and Gold men were
paced by Paul Howard who totaled
twenty points, and Allen scored
i\\'clity-foui' to lead the Club.

At The "all

thn the half time buzzer re-
souildcd at the Delaware Avenue
gym, the .IV's found themselves
bchind by a 31-10 score. It was how-
cvcr n favorable second half for
State, but the Peds were unable to
catch ilp.

Peds Win First Two

The Jnyvccs showed their skill
in tho first two games of the season
as they downcd the Rensselaer Boy’s
Club 91—68 and the Albany Business
Collcgc JV‘s 71-69 in two very excit-
ing games.

At thc chsscllicr game, five men
hit double figures. Lynn Western.
cilltcr. lcd the team with a 16
point total and was seconded by
John Willincc who canned 14.

The young hoopmcn ran over the
junior Busincssmcn with Jim Green
hitting a illin 22 for State. State
boasted accurate shooting and un-
unusual poise. The JV's will pre-
cccd the Varsity game tonight play-
int gllc New Paltz JV.

Box Score
Albany.  Boys Club, 56

FG FP TP

Wcslcl'll l 1 3
Mnus 4 5 13
5])L‘Clt‘ l l 3
la‘pplcmun 0 1 1
Green 3 5 ll
Horowitz l l 3
Jones 0 l 1
Howard 8 4 20
18 19 .35

Board Organizes
Swimming Program

Sir-\‘c lloovcr, Swimming Com-
lnlssloncr, announces that after
lln'cc ycnrs of work nnd planning,
llll‘ AMIA board has finally set up
n swimming pi'o“i';liii that will en—
..blc Sinicsmcn lo pnl'lli'lptlltf in
ilns pol-i cycl‘y ’l‘licsdny night from
7 to f) pm. starting January 6, 1959.
Alloinnlodliliolls llll‘vl‘ ull‘cudv bccn
lil.lll1‘ lol' Iwcniy lill‘ll. but, if ncc-
isczil‘}. .ll'l'iiilgclih'llls Cllll DC illthlL‘
fol inn morc This program will be
lll‘ill ni Pnbh- Bath House :5 on
(‘cllil'nl Avclluc.

 

Gerald Drug Co.
Albany, N. Y.
l’honc 6-3610

217 Western Ave.

 

 

Hungary on
Sunday
Nights!
Go to the
SNACK BAR!

 

 

 

 

