 

 

PAGE 2

TVorNorTV...

Resolved: Educational Television as Now Being Used
at the New York State College for Teachers at Albany
Should Be Abolished.

Three years ago an experiment in closed circuit tele-
vision instruction was begun here at State to determine
its advantages and disadvantages. However, in the course
of these years, the “experiment” has evolved into a contest
to prove television’s educational values without considera-
tion of student or faculty opinion. The intention of this
editorial is to acquaint the television promoters with the
former’s viewpoint.

One of the biggest complaints by the students exposed
to this method of teaching is the loss of a classroom
atmosphere. It should be obvious that classroom rapport
is difﬁcult to achieve when the teacher is not present
in the room. We doubt that even the most personable
professor can expect to arouse enthusiasm in his students
when he is, to the students at least, in a far and distant
country.

In addition, television instructions stiﬂe discussion.
Often a teacher can elaborate on a point by merely ob-
serving a puzzled expression on the faces of his students.
If he is not so observant, there is usually one brave soul
who will ask some enlightening question. In a television
situation, even the most extroverted pupil will hesitate
before speaking into a microphone that is connected with
four or ﬁve other classrooms containing from 100 to 300
avid listeners. Needless to say, questions are few and far
between in a television class. Since questions cannot be
directed to students by the teacher, it should also be obvious
that the vast majority of students in television classes
arrive unprepared for the lesson. You really can’t blame
the students entirely, and we certainly don't blame the
teachers.

We do not deem the television experiment a waste of
money. It is, after all, only an experiment and now is the
time for the results to be collected and evaluated. Any
future expenditures for television equipment without a
survey of faculty and student opinion would be an injustice
to all concerned.

Rain and Rivalry . . .

Didn’t it rain, children, didn’t it rain . . . but the en-
thusiastic spirit which make Homecoming Weekend a
tremendous success was not dampened by the weather.
Kay O’Connor and Herb Walthers have extended their
thanks to the committees who helped them with the
weekend and we extend ours to them for a terriﬁc job of
organizing and directing. . . .

Tomorrow night’s presentation of the Rivalry Cup will
bring to a close another Rivalry period. There has been
both praise and criticism about the new program with
radically different viewpoints from the Sophomore and
freshmen classes. Senate should perhaps look into the
matter and see what improvements could be made for
next year. . . .

Best of luck to the Sophs and fresh in their skits.
Both are rumored to be the biggest cxtravaganzas present-
ed at State since . . . last year's skits.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

Vol. XLIII October Lil, 195“ No, 23

Member
from '1 io 11 p :n .H .5 list: lax‘ 11
2-9870

of 'in- Nl‘IWn‘ '.iil not lie li'.|tlii'll .‘Vlomlu'.
i‘sioim l‘l'/p..fi|ii: lliiill

litmtlu) and Wednesday
Allir 2 With, Kumpf

'l'he undeniaonife iie'.\.,i.pei of ‘..e N'.\ York Stali- (‘ollege loi‘ 'l'eui'iieir.
“umlhhwj w...“ jaw)”, of llfi‘ ("Limo .i‘tl on we NEWS Hoard for life Student
AMXJIIILIOI.

I;ditor-ln-(’liiet

Managing Editor

chlllt'hs AdH-rllsing liditur
- \ssoclutt' Iiilitoi‘
Associate l'idlllil‘

Associate liilltor

liilltoi‘
Associate. l‘liiitoi

MAILY I"I'I'ZI’.\'I‘IU(K
MAHIJ‘JNH :HIKI‘IIIMAN
CAROL Al/l'It‘ »
DAVID I'liLIHIAN
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON
MARTHA LEHICK
JAMES Mrlll'tiH
ELIZABETH SI'I'AI Inlt
MONICA 'I'ItAhKI'S

Associate

7 Associate Editor
l'iiblii-

JOHN QIIIIIK ~ Relations Editor
JAMES DOI‘UHI‘Jt'I'Y (‘wriports Editor
JOHN LLWIH - - IND-Sports lidltor
ROBERT KAMI‘I" ('oiisullant Sports Editor

“RACE 5““th tirculatiunJamainiiige I'Lditur
PHOTU‘U‘AHIY htuti- ('oiiegi- Photo Service

All cuininunu‘afrom, .-.i.ou.it be .oniie.~.,eii lo the edJoi and n..i,i be signed Nantes
will be withheld on request fin STATE (Jt)l.l.i'.(ila‘ NI-IWh‘ .iinttilil'r. no responsibility
[or Opium,” “gummy-(t ,n it:. iol illilln oi coininiinir.il.on.. or. such ea’picmions do not

necessarily reflect in, View}.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 31. 1958

 

ﬂmmmm‘d

The conference rooms in lower
Draper. Room 8, are presently open
for student use, state David Hartley
and Ellen B. Stokes, Deans of Men
and Women, respectively. These
rooms are for the use of students
who wish advisement from religious
or non-religious counsellors.

IFG

Beverly Rahn '59, President of
International Film Group, announ—
ces that “East of Eden" will not
be shown tonight as previously
scheduled.

The movie has been cancelled so
that there will be no conflict with
the Eugene lstomin Concert in Page
Hall.

3W

. -_..:'-'vv

 

 

'l’o Kapital Kapers:

After looking at this weeks movie
review we have come to the start-
ling conclusion. The writers of
Kapital Kapers, being two sly,
crafty journalists, did not review
the movies that even knew about.

They did mention, in passing.
however, these four movies which
we will print:

PALACE—Torpedo Run, I Accuse

DELAWARE—Man in a. Raincoat

STRAN D—Onionhead

MADISON—Damn Yankees

As for the rest of the column we
felt it should not be called Kapital
Kapcrs but Bar Brousing, and for
this reason it was dropped. Our
apologies to you boys, and your fan
club. Hope she speaks to you again.

Best wishes for an improved
column,

Rary Fitzpatrick
Editor-in-(‘hiei‘
Dear Editor:

The prospets for participation in
the Homecoming Weekend looked
extremely bleak on Friday because
of inclement weather. However, we
were extremely pleased and proud
of the. Statesmen when on Saturday,
rain, sleet, and snow disregarded,
we witnessed one of the most spir-
ited and well—attended activities at
State. To yoti. Statesmen, we sin—
cerer say, THANKS!

We Would also like to thank pub-
licly all the chairmen and their
committees for the tremendous
planning for the weekend.

The bonfire burned. having been
organized by the freshmen; the pep
rally rallied under the direction of
the cheerleaders; the reception re—
ccivcd; the parade paraded under
adverse conditions; the soccer team
won! Toward evening the buffets
were eaten and the dance swung.
On Sunday, to round out the week-
end, Winding dongcd!

All kidding aside, we would like
to acknowledge our appreciation to
all those who made this weekend
as successful as it was.

Sincerely,

Kay O'Connor and
Herb Walther,
(‘o-ciiuirmen,
Homecoming Weekend.

'11: the Iiditor:

May 1 llll.l'U(ll't‘l' myself?

i am a Scot, tiioinelowii Edin-
burgh: now a Civil Servant in
l.olltlt)ll Ulll'lllL', the war l was it
littllti operator in the British Mcr-
(hunt Navy and I visited America
many times. I was ulwirts impress—
ed by the kindness and hospitality
shown to the Britons like myself
who were thrown up on your
shores by the war.

I now lune u lot of spare time
and so as u hobby, I hch started the
AN(iI..O—AMI!.‘RI(.,‘AN PEN CLUB to
r'llill)ll' young people ill America and
Britain to gel. to know r-ur'li other
better. exchange l(lt‘il.\, inagnnncs.
,Ll’.

I already haic u long list oi young
liritons who are eager to main- pen
friends in America but my diffi—
culty is putting them in touch With
young Americans of similar inter-
this. i am, therefore, taking the lib-
erty of writing to you in the hope
that you Will bring the Club to the
attention of your readers.

I am sure you Will agree that only
good can come from such a flow of
r;(;i'i'respoll(l(fllCtt across the Atlantic
and if any of your readers are in—
terested would you please adtise
them to write to:

Mr. ll. Henry,
38 Crawford Street,
London, W. l.

 

“ (Sgt, \gna  &J\\k 63*,  ~..r\\1\\  '7‘ CNN/V

0-401) .3“ as“ u-‘wwku .l’"

 

“. . . The purest treasure mortal times afford is spotless reputation.
’l‘hat away, men are but guilded loam or painted clay." Shakespeare
SPEAK SOFTLY, WE DON'T WANT THEM TO KNOW WE'RI-l

WATCHING

Rushing is going on like crazy, and, for the girls . officialh
We ﬁnally got a seat in the cafeteria the other day. Unfortunately
we weren‘t too comfortable in the handy little bookshelf that has been
installed. Seriously now, frosh, use this time wisely. use it to get to
know the upperclassmen. but think mostly about the Sophs. You'll br-
spending three years with them.

PARENTS. YOU WONDERFUL PROVIDERS

Parents' Day this year has been played down so much that we
hardly knew it was to be, Crowded though it was last year, we realh
liked it then. Even Seniors” parents enjoyed the thought flint then
offspring had set aside a special day for them. Bien, we hope that the
Fresh Moms 'n Dads will have a good time tomorrow. We suggest that
you find a seat iii Page a few hours early. The front ten rows hurt
been reserved for photographers, press agents, talent scouts, and Myskulllzt
judges.

LUCIOUS LOVELIES

One of those five young ladies on the front page will be transformed.
oddly enough, into our Campus Queen. At first glance. it seems incoh-
gruous that their election should fall upon Halloween, but, then again.
perhaps we should make this fact a factor in our voting. At. parties all
over this great and wonderful country of ours. prizes are being awarded
for such things as best and ugliest costume, worst and most tcrrifyiuv
face, most authenic aura of beastliness. Let us, then, go along with
All Hallows Eve tradition, and, even though we are landing beauty
think of this contest as a LEAST UGLY CONTEST. So, with this in
mind, get out and elect Miss Least Unattractive for 19:39.

lN'I‘ERIVII’I"I‘EN'I‘. BUT DAiVll’ENlNG DELUGE

Saturday‘s Homecoming activities were hampered by the usuall).
miserable Albany weather. The floats really floated, reaching Blccckei
in a wilted and impressionistic facsiiniic of their former glories. 'l‘hr
soccer crowd started strong, but the fire of their athletic urdor was
successfully quenched, they poured from the stands as lost. as the rum
poured down. Are the fraternities too busy dirty rushing that. they haven 1
time to build floats, or are they merely unwilling to compete before the
official smoker? Homecoming, wonderful opportunity for school—spirit
building that it is, was a bit. under last year‘s. We liked the spirit
reininix-ent of '76. with which the V.F.W. made its lute entrance. And
Ohl, when that first place float prize was uwurdcd. we \\'f'i'c tronspornd
back to our childhood and the trips that our (il'ulltllullici' llwli u.
on to the zoo ut feeding time. «Jokingly. of courst 'l'hut was .1 mod
float.
TIME ’I‘() TAKE STOCK

However inudt'crtunily we may ('.|llSl‘ alarm or unkindncss. we would
like to think that most of our comments are aimed at the foiblc:- of our
college society if pressed, we shall pay lip scrrice to censure. re t'i".lii‘,4
the right to llllllk as we please 'l’hcy can’t tell li.\ who! to say!
well, err . . . but, . . ,

\‘(i'l‘lrl
Question of the week?
sanitary?

Don't \oti think that linolry (‘nps .nr- on

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, ()("i‘tilililt :it)
if 00 um 'I‘lckels loi' "'l'izgei at llo- Notes" on sale. Lowi-i llu~hd
8.30 pm. Music Collilf'il presents iﬁuizcne lstonnn, l’m'c Hull

SATURDAY. NOVICIHIHCR l

10.30 am Wclcoinc Address to Parents, I’iigt‘ Hall,
11:15 am. Tours of the College.

12:30 pin Open House at (ii'oiip Houses.

3:00 pm Coffer-c flour for Faculty, lirubiu'hcr Hall
7:30 pm Campus Night.

SITNDAY. NOVEMBER 2

Min pm. SUB Listening Hour. Bi‘tlbuciier Hull
East House Open House.
Edward Eldred Potter Club, (‘tpcn House for statesmen
Lutheran Student Association presents Cozy Cole, lii'llllilt‘llcl'
Hall.

 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 3
8:30 pin. Psi (lamina Coffee Hour loi' Kappa Beta.
Kappa Delta Coffee flour for Alpha Pi Alpha.
Chi Sigma Theta Coffee Hour for Sigma Lambda Sigma.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 31. 1958

Confused Student Observes

Precipitation, Parent's, Cigars

By DAVID

Misty foggy ideas twirl through
my brain. All are caused by this
past week’s precipitation, I fear. Ah,
Albany, city of :‘;3$&. The drizzly
icycoid downpour sends sundry
thoughts reeling and twisting
through my brain.

Bright Smiles And llopcs 0f $8

Tie that. tic right or straighten

that (tress depending upon your

Dorm Holds
Open House

The women of East House will
hold their animal Open House Sun-
day froin 3 to :3 |).lll, At this time
guests will be able to inspect. the
house and get u l)f‘lltl' idea of how
girls in group houses live Refresh—
ments will be served.

Refreshment (‘ommittce

Chairman of the Refreshment
Committee for Open House is Pul—
i'iciu Stewart, with Marilee Rogers,
Marie lives, Andrea Keller. and
Sandra Jones, freshmen. on the
committee. Pll)'lll.\ Habauker is in
charge of cleaning up.

Hospitality (‘ommittee

On the l-lospitulity Conaniitce
are: Vivian Elliot, Chairman, Nora
Jones, Johanna Scholl, Mater-1e
Shuhccn, Joyce Gilli-t, and lone
Simpkins, freshmen.

Publicity And Invitations

Joyce Hadduwuy '62 is in charge
of Publicity, with Miss Keller and
Mary Ellen Tupcly ‘61 helping.
Linda Ruth and Miss Keller, f'rrsh—
men, were responsible for the in-
vitations.

THEY SAID IT COULDN’T BE DONE - BUT TODAY'S eM ewes vou- '

 THEY SAID IT COULDN’T BE DONE! ""1:

[hey sold flint [millighlmg was strictly for

 

 

FELDMAN

gender—~Mommy and Daddy, and
maybe even Little Brother and Sis-
ter, and Grandma and Grandpa. and
Uncle and Aunt, etc, are coming to
Albany this weekend. It is Parents'
Day (0 joy, blast. of clarions, boom

of kettle drums, twenty -~~ coun
them 20-leaping baton twirlcrs,

sound the plpcsHi.

There is really no need to run
through the usual stuff that students
should show their parents; the new
parking lot, the dorm building, the
State Ed building, and so forth. the
truly important points to remember
are:

i. Mention only the subjects in
which you are doing well. Knock the
iu.i.port;ince of the other courses
should they enter the conversation.

2. Wave to anyone who looks
familiar so that your parents will
rcuhzc how well integrated you are
r"l.~»n‘t 1t wonderful how litany
friends Algernon has made al-
l't ody!”I.

3. Above all, wear that pained,
hungry look. When Daddy offers
that extra five at parting timc. smile
and say “Well gosh Pal, I really
don't need if. I get along pretty well.
out gosh O gee thanks." As you
walk off (with tear in cyct munich
something like "Golly, I can cut
llllll'll for u few (lays now. oiicc or
twice until you are sure that, he has
gotten the hint .
"Double Double, 'I'oii, Etc . . ."

Just a small announcement con-
t't‘i‘lllllL’, the festivities for this ‘ecn.
There will be many juvenile-types
out murdering the >l.l’(‘f‘lS. Those
are not your friends, they the
youths staggering from the heady
clixer of life and things very mys-
terious to such as we.

Ill('ll'lIIl(I(IV\/llIIl|IIII‘1lll(Illvl ll’Jll. Uni pretty
Pol McCormick, while .1 student of items

 

’Vt".lt'lll College, Ignored the vt‘llll‘lb, .inrl
lict .nne the llf‘.l Auteur .lll girl to mu Intel
iiolrolml or t form on .r lilll’.l lions.

  

PAGE 3

Traditional Parents, Day Features
Open House, Collee Hour,Tours

Tomorrow will mark another an-
imal Parents' Day at State College.
This day has been set aside in or-
der to acquaint parents with life

L here at State.

('ommittees

Joan Cali ‘60. Chairman of the
event, announces that. letters have
been sent to all f'reslnnan parents
informing them of their entire pro-
gram, and she urges all students to
invite their parents and families to
attend.

The committees for Parents' Day
are as follows: Co-ordinating Com-
inlttee: Neil Jurinski and Miriam
Ptalis, Juniors; Rosemary Kverek
and Carol Thorn, Sophomores. Pub-
licity: Brita Rehrlg and Gail Rogers,
Sophomores. Letters and Mailing:
Kathleen Coessens ‘60.

The Coffee Hour. which is sched-
uled for tomorrow from 3 to 5 pm.
at. Brubacher Hall for parents and
faculty, is sponsored by Student
Union Board under the direction of

 

Who organized and arranged this year’s Parents’ Day? Left to right:

David Mead. Kathleen (‘oessens, Carol Thorne, Miriam Ptalis, Joan Cali,

(lail Rogers, Brita Rehrig, Rosemary Kverek and Chuck Huntress.

 
 
 
  
   
  

 

    
 
 
   

   

  

LIGHT titre TH T V



      

inkl-

 

FILTERS

t
? WI)!” ‘ MVERS TOBALCO C0

David Mead '60, Acting Chairman
of the Board.

Campus Night

Campus Night, the traditional
climax of Rivalry, will begin at 7:30
pm. tomorrow night in Page Hall,
according to Earlyn Huntress,
Chairman of Rivalry. This will in-
clude the crowning of the Campus
Queen. the presentation of the
freshman and Sophomore Rivalry
skits, and the awarding of the Riv-
alry Cup to the winner.

Schedule

An interesting and varied pro-
gram has been planned for tomor-
row beginning with a welcome to
all parents at Page Hall and cul-
minating with the Campus Night
activities.

10:30 aim—Formal Welcome at
Page Hall from David Hartley, Dean
of Men. The Statesmen, under the
direction of Karl Peterson, Profes-
501' of Music, will sing.

11:15-12:30 pin—Tours of the,
College and Academic Exhibits in-
cluding an Art Exhibit, Science Ex-
l:ibit, English Workshop, classes in
session, and a TV. set-up.

12230-3 pm. —Open H o u s e s at
Group Houses and Dormitories.

3-5 par—Coffee Hour at Bru—
bacher for Faculty and Parents.

7:30 pin—Campus Night. Coro-
nation of Campus Queen, Present-
ation of Rivalry Skits, and Awarding
of Rivalry Cup.

DON’T SETTLE FOR ONE WITHOUT THE OTHER!

Change to EM and get ’em both. Such an fl)?])l‘()l‘t’(/ ﬁlter and more fastc.’ Better
taste than in any other cigarette. Yes, today's [3M combines these two essentials
of modern smoking enjoyment —lcss tars and more taste — in one great cigarette.

PACK
,i 0R
BOX

-' Iv 7 21¢ m
«an, Mp...» 4.”... ....,.,

   

 

:1 01,111."?

  

" .
LIVE MODERN. FLAVOR!

OLIGGEII L MYERS IOBACCO CO . I953

 

