

'ranL ... g ,
“Wives. i“,

  

 

‘1‘}.3‘. W933?"

    

 

  

 

PAGE 2

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 3. 1958

 

Forum Has Quorum . . .

There can be no doubt that old Page Hall trembled
all the way down to its foundations Wednesday afternoon
when Sir Leslie Munro, the President of the U.N. General
Assembly, spoke on the Near—East situation and sundry,
somewhat related subjects.

It was not Sir Leslie’s speech, interesting though it
may have been, which shook this hall and amazed us. We
found it impossible to keep our eyes glued on the dis-
tinguished speaker, for these two very surprised orbs gazed
in amazement over the crowd at Page Hall. Never since
the almost forgotten compulsory convocations of 1956 have
we seen this auditorium so packed. Not for election re-
sults, not for Rivalry events, not even for MUD has this
lonely auditorium been so jammed with State College
students.

What amazed us even more (if possible) was the fact
that the audience was not composed entirely of naive
freshmen; even a large group of upperclassmen was there.
Can this be a stirring of the long dormant interest of
things extra-curricular at State College?

Congratulations are very much in order to Forum
Board of Politics, its President, John Cocca ‘59, and the
administration who arranged the program.

The Rivals . . .

Rivalry needs a compliment this week—so, it will get
one! More specifically, the Sophomores need to be compli-
merited.

The fact that the frosh took the lead in Rivalry, by
winning the debate may have acted as the needed incen-
tive, for in the rain and mud of last Saturday’s Tug—of—
War stood more Sophs than State College knew existed.
What’s more—for the ﬁrst time in years—the Sophs took
the cheering point.

Last week was great, Sophs, but keep at it! Whether
you realize it or not, the fresh are still leading by one
point.

A word to the frosh—you have not been forgotten
in this column, only momentarily pushed aside. The
message to you iS—-beat the Sophs!

D.E.F.

M.T.

Knock! Knock! Who's There?

I

“Persecution is the price of i‘ame.‘ So quoteth one of
Senate’s soothsayers. And from another corner of our
proud school comes this piece of advice: “Discretion is
the better part of valor." We have decided to observe
both these injunctions—next week. For the moment we
are much too annoyed to drop a matter we have heard
about all week!

When we published our editorial last Friday about
the appointment of a new Senator we did not have any
intention of questioning the qualiﬁcations of the appointee.
Yet this is what obviously seems to have been read into
our merely inquiring editorial about this new power of
our student government. Guilty consciences, anyone?

But alas, this is not the only item which the more
perceptive gleaned from last week’s endeavors at com—
menting on local affairs. Again the old question that
this newspaper favors certain groups on this campus has
been raised. We hate to disillusion your childish minds,
gang, but the editorial WE means ME, and not my sorority.
I praise a person for doing a good job because I think so~—
not because she‘s a sorority sister. If you think we use
editorials as a rushing device, congratulations on your
insight. We can‘t think of a more petty idea! So keep such
thoughts to yourself and remember one more truism.
“People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

 

Sci'ond l'lacc ACl’
October :l, liloil No. ii}

It'll'bt Place CSPA
Vol. XLIlI

“I it”. NEWS ~ll|ll may he lc.i llI'nl Mollila, l.ic.d.ly and Wednesday

Members
Z-Iiilzll lax! ll l'nonc: l'l‘IjiI’llilt lu'ibl. Ahli- 277630. Ktllll|il

lloin 7 to ii p ill at
i!~Uli'/U

Th“ l””l‘"l>’~’i“ll“‘l" “"‘wiMllt'I ill the N'.\ ‘i’oik Slain (Jollctir lor ‘l‘cliclierk.
l“"’“”“"“ """H‘ mm“ "1 "it‘ ("illi'iil‘ will by lllc NEWS Board lol' the Student
A.-.:.oclui.ol.
MAN." l"l'l'7.l'.\'l‘lll(.'K
.“AIUJ'JN'IC i ('KI'JLMAN
('AILUI. ALTH.‘ - -
DAV“) I‘I‘JJLHAN v
MANY ELLEN .IUHNHUN
MARTHA lilti‘ilt'K «
IANHCS .“l'lll'iiu -
iJJ'IuHHt'l'" hl’liNl In“ .‘hhmlmm “dual.
MUNICA 'l'ltASKI'S - - ~ « . _ - Aabmgh‘u “(Hun
JOHN QI‘IHK - - - r , rum” "ﬂlwumm “all!”
JAMES DUI'UIU‘JC'I‘Y - - . V V . (,0 sports “tutor
JOHN LICW'IS - - _ _ (,‘Pspl’rh “um”-
IIUIH‘JILT KAMI’F (hmhuhmnl spur” “dum-
UHACE I'LNGI'.I.S ‘ilrruluumldiu'hﬂnuc “an”,

I'llo'roolmrllr '

lidltor-in-(Thief

- Managing lillltor
Business Advertising Editor
7 Associate Editor
Associate lidllor

Associate Editor

Associate lidltol

 

7mm: (Itillcgﬁ'llolu Service

“mm.” m; ul]ll[i',.i‘(l io ihc i-il.l.oi and liiil.l. be signed Nullluh
‘lnc B’lA'lh‘ (Stililllttil'. NEWH .l:..illnr.. no rlmponslblllty
. lilidlllll 'il l'lllllllillll iliuli, an lull] itxprlzstilolls do not

All I.‘I.'lilllill..i anon.
Will be witilimid on litiluli‘ii
lllr opll. urn. l'lllli'f..l‘ii| .l, it
necessarily reflect its Illrwr,

 

Malice

Dr. Frank Calabria, Assistant
Professor of Psychology. an-
nounced that there are still a
few openings left for his dance
classes which are to be given at
Brubacher e ac h Wednesday
from 3 to 5 p.m. for a period
from eight to ten weeks.

In order to register, fill out a
card with your name, sex, age,
class, and Albany address arid
telephone number. Leave the
card in the Student Personnel
Office. Those who are accepted
for the class will be notified by
mail.

 

KW Kira/16M
By Gebliardt and Barbagelata

Since we began writing this col—
ulnii last year we have received
many complaints stating that every
lnoVie can't be as bad as we subtly
imply. Always willing to please our
i'ans, make inure friends aiid prove
our versatility, we Will change our
style and write the type oi slop
iinich our critics deserve.

STRAND

The Big Country—Gregory Peck,
Jean Simmons and all the rest of
tile gang put on a real swell show
let us. isn't that grand? Oh joy!
its a western, and gang we love
westerns, don't we? Carroll Baker
rcturns lroln that nasty olc. movie
“Baby Doll" and stars in a real
sweet lovable peachy keen role as
the sweetheart 01 big dreamy cud-
oicy Charlton Heston. Oh swoon!
PALACE

i at (in a Hot 'I‘in Roof Elizabeth
Taylor, victim of mean ole yellow
jouinailsts and terrible awful gossip
LUIUIIIIIISLS, portrays a peachy kecil
girl, the kind we all want to bring
home to mama alid papa, right
gang? Burl lvcs plays a mean old
gai'oage—iiioutli aiid says naughty
words all the way through this
super keen movie. Btit oil screen,
Burl is real sweet, great, wonderful
guy. Right gang?

DELAWARE

'i he r'olles Bergere A jun-dandy
cast of sweet young girls makes this
scrumptious entertainment, lit for
the Whole family. Just too terribly
quaint for words.

ItI’l‘z

Damn Yankees We take it all
back about that sweet, swell ’lab
hunter. Upon your recommenda-
tiolis we saw this movie, alid, gosh
guys, he's a real hep—cal, I mean,
like wow. 'l'itb‘s tip top. We are
lL‘dl sorry loi' iiilslcadlllg yoii lilcc
liiic people,

in closliig, we would like to say
thanks to Walter Winchell ior the
wonderful complimentary noic he
sent us 111 the student mail. We
like your style too, Wait. and lccl
that someday with ii lcw break: you
may also lilt the top.

am
To the Editor:

I would like to write llll opcli
letter to all seniors in gclii-riil and
to the columnists ol the (,‘onillloli~
Slater in spccllic. in i'cgard lo hisl
wock‘s column which colidclnlicd
('i'l'tlilll colllpiil'lllicllls ol ll'cslinicll.
I would llkc lo t‘Xlll'l‘Sr. my vii-its
llll llic lllllllt‘l'

it'll'h‘L oi .ill, ll we don't sing oui
songs in llll .iglcciiblc volcc, wc’l'c
sorry. but we iicl'i-ii‘l born iillli
\‘olccs such as lllc Sclilol‘s \\l'l'l' cli—
dowcd with

As lor sitting in your ciians ill
the Commons, cillctcl'lais, iiliii llic
Library. we don't see how we coilld
bccailsc you lllWil)>. llii\'i‘ llicm oc—
cilplcd. ll, lioiicicr, you overlook
:i lii'W chairs and the ll'l‘hlllllt‘ll goof
and sit lll oiic oi lliciii iic are sorry
hill we should bc lnlorllicil by way
oi naincplalcs as to which chairs
are oil lllnits,

As for the llolsc, wc didn't rcall/.c
the party laslcd so long tllc pl'l-cccd-
lug nighi Alter all. we go to bed
nights, ii c liai'c cighl. o'clock classes.

in coliclii.~.lon, ihc lrcslilncii will
be only too glad to leave, provldllnt
you go with us.

.Illiteelc. Sliolleen ’ilZ

 

 

To the Editor:

Those of you who Wt‘l't: lorlulialc
enough to Witness last year’s
Caliipus Night may Well recall the
fantastic and magnlllci-ilt pci'iorin~
l(/miiiuiud on Ptlj/i l. Uolumltl/

Hl'kwwtw‘a‘vvwwav v-vran’i-"Ol u r .4- u w w $

A M” ,Mmmwmn «tum. nqu-r

 
 
 

 

l
l
 c
l‘ ..
l °~§\ t:
a r Mm..-   . c __ , _ _ W  \ g
‘ .a I .. t 3
I i ’ “I ‘ ‘ r \ i ii
4?“in lmlphf’ptc ).‘ll (3
-~~  \ i") y in
l. , t.)  re  'i
i, 'i?» ii,  C  I)  (.7   — y i  . i
 - -Z.:..  .  W  I  W l
v i “W W M l  
Ml _# T
V. \W ‘

..... .. . .m‘ua-‘awhmu4 .4. .W ii, m“ ..... .«w.m~.... .yuv sunshm-sa. .. n . m...

”—And some people just exist."

 

   
 
  

Gammon-Stake 3 1

By ()RMSBEE and ouvo .

 

"And blest are those whose blood and judgment are so well eon~
mingled that they are not a pipe for fortune's finger . . ." Shakespeare

TALENT TEST

Scoop-Word has it that State has an opportunity to display its
talent on a radio program. Although there are no official declarations.
rccommendalions, or inemoralida on the subject, we understand that
WRUC [closed circuit wireleSsl would like to have us join them. Hula-
lioopcrs, Frisbee alid joke-box players: This is your chance! It would
be nice to have some healthy notoriety for the school.

"()MONYM

180 and IFC are already starting to talk up Winterludc. Chapcrones
«including the Speclorsi are looking for baby sitters, and girls are
deciding which of their roommates“ gowns they will borrow. Why?
Wintcrludc may be changed to "Fall Flip," "Flautumnludc," or "Frat
Fling."
iN’l‘EltES’l‘lNG FAl'X-I’AS

Second only to ihc Appalachian coilclave with its secret meetings.
a group of interested "has beens" and “still ares" nonchalaiitly slipped
Myskie members a memorandum. The epistle alluded to an impeach-
ment of the president of  Within a few minutes the political coli-
l'crces received an article by article justiﬁcation for John‘s actions.
’I‘sk! Tsk! We must never overlook the co-ordinatmg conjunctions.

Alid so, Myskie, let not this yearly grammar exercise go to your
head. You need more exercise, lest, old maid-like, yoii atrophy and die.
Useless vestigal appendages, like the appendix, often cause just trouble

MILLIONS LlS’l‘EN—llEAlt LITTLE

New Zcillandlc accents made the address very interesting. for few
ol us get to hear current events so quailitly narrated; bilt so many 01
us can read that the topics discussed were not quite new to us. Perhaps
[be political aspects of any presidency keep presidents, like politicians.
lroin presenting their actual views and ideas. Nevertheless, we fell
disappointed.

KllNl-‘ERENCE (‘ELLS

'l'hc "Cubicles" in Draper Peristyle are nearing completion~ -pleasc
lly lo smother or eonlrol your problems till they are completely out-
liilcd lpllrsilﬂy with Trappist iiiollks, judging from the size and coni—
loi-tablciii,~ss oi them» We, for one, have claustrophobia. and being
clost'tl'tl with the clergy in such close quarters will undoubtedly guar-
anlcc the most cxpcdicnt solution oi our problems.
lN'I‘EIH‘ULLEUlA'l'l‘I ('EMEN’I‘

Wide, though we fear, transient bridges are appearing between iircli
iollcgcs lalcly. Challis oi intercollegiate friendships arc bcilig welded
together \vllli an unusual arc-alcohol. However iiiappropi'iatc this ad—
liislic may be. the inolivatlon is surely genuine. aiid we hope that
\ll(‘ll(‘llll\'1\‘lillll}' may have a long and happy future. "I'll drink to that."

.\'(l BILLS POSTED

’l‘hc lll‘ll'lllllill poslcr war has been broached again, aiid with more
lilaii usual vigor. We should like to suggest that before the inipi'cs-
~ionablc lrosh start paying altcntloii to this plethora of poster paint.
ihc Hlatc (follcgc l‘illglllt‘l‘l‘w reconstruct ihc pcl'lsiylc walls from :il'i'aligc-
nicnls oi running \ialci, impound all cork floats, and institute proceed-
ings .lglilnsl :ili violators oi a law thal should read: "'l‘liou hilaill iii
no way sl'l'awl upon oilr sacred walls."
a

(mull is l'olllicai Conference slill lookliig lor constllilllonnhly?

College Calendar

I’ltllHI‘. ()("l'ilBlClt J

-i on pm ltl\llll\ Sing. Page,

’1 00 pin Soiorlli ()pcn l‘iollscs loi l"l’l‘hlilllt‘ll

7 0i) plli ()ll illc Walcrll'olil, Dil-lli.

ll 30 pin Kappa licla Date l'lii‘ly, (,chcl's
S.\'l‘l'ltl).\\’. ()("l'til'ililt -l

lo 00 .i lll liliall'i 'l‘l'ack Events, Bcvcrwyck,

l 00 pin Blair is (iciicsco, Blecckcr i

ll 00 pin lii‘llbiiclici' Open llouso,

Hl'NllAY, ()("l‘tlltlz'lt 5

10.00 ii iii. llllli-l liicnklast, 'l‘elnplc ()lnir Sliolo'n
3.00—5'00 pin Ucla zi-ia Housewarming, 409 state at
ii 00 pin News Board Meeting, Bru.

MONDAY, ()("l‘tlltlu‘lt ll

3:00 pm. Il‘rosh Sorority ()l'lcnllitlon,

'l'lll'lth‘llAY. ()("l‘tillElt 9

7:00 pm. IVCF Mei-ling, Bru.

7.30 pm, Studcnt Christian Association Meeting, Bru.

 

 

 

 

«Wagii‘g ; it

 

 

 

 

v.7.” m, ..~ as W”... . 1.

c-—~.w_,..\:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 3, 1958

  

PAGE 3

 

 

Wﬁ‘

K] 040% .7“. 8m,” ,, ‘5’ “

By DOUGLAS A. I’ENFIELD

We arrived in London at 11 p.m.
on July 6th. and after much hustle
and bustle, finally found shelter in
a YMCA located ill Piccadilly Cir-
cus. The word "circus" is used in
place of our term “square.” Picca-
dilly Circus is considered to be the
busiest intersection Ill all of Lon-
don.

The iiexl two days were spent
seeing lhe sights. We visited Buck-
ingham Palace, Lolidoli Bridge,
Trafalgar Square. Big Ben and 10
Downing Street, ii very unimpres-
sivc apartment in a busy section
of Londoli. Besides this. we also
entered the Parliament buildings
where the House of Commons alid
House of Lords were in session.

On July 9th, \vc left for Dovcr,
England. where we spciil lhc cvc—
ning ill the local youth hostel. While
there, I had the pleasure of visit-
ing all English school. It was very
interesting to compare it with the
type of school I had been ilsc to.

We look the boat across the Elig~
llsh Channel the licxl day alid
landed ill Calais. France. This was
like the opening of a whole new
world for me because of the lan-
guage barrier l was up against.
After leaving the boat, wc caught ll
train for Paris. We booked ililo a
hotel near the Place dc L‘Opcra on
Rue dc Richelieu and lliat aflernoon
visited the Plais du Louvre, the
largest and inosl famous museum
iii Paris.

The next. inorning we walked up
lllc Chainps-Elysces lo the Arc dc
’l‘riumphc dc L'Eloile. Under the
cclilral arch of ihis slruclurc lies
the body of all Unknown Soldier oi
the 1914-18 war. representing all
the heroic dead of that war. By
walking down one of the twelve
avenues lhal radiate from the Arc
dc ’I‘riuinphc we crossed the Seine
Rivcr and calnc lo llic Eiffel Tow-
er. This sll'uclurc was bill“. as lhc
principal attraction llll‘ ilic (lrcat
Exhihiii'in of 1889, at which time it
was considered a lilasicrpiccc of
boldness in steel construction.

On Sunday, July liilh. we spent
lhc day at the Palace of Versailles
which was constructed by Loilis XlV
in order lo sum up the iiclivlly of
llic best artists of the tune That
evening \\t‘ \vciil to the festivities
in honor oi the i'orllicolilllig Bastille
Day.

Bastille Day, July Hill, diiivlicd
bright aiid sunny and after .i lillle
liilcii hiking and .i lilllc iram rid—
lng we lilmlly :ii'riicd lll Brussels.
Belgium, the in l'.t' oi the lll.-)l
World's 1":lll‘ We were lorlillmlc ii
llnd ll room iii :1 ('lilllolli‘ Boys'
School that was liol lll iisc during
llli‘ summcr, i could see ihc lair
li'oln on window

Wc lcli lol' {\lllsll‘l'ildlll. llolliilld.

 

60mm um‘calécni

 

ll'ollllllluif /loni Pill/cl, l‘o/liolil,’
lilicc pill on by Ihc loriilcl' lrosli.
Had liol lhc Falcs, Mllici'iu. and :i
pl'cvioiisli llnposi-d coiiscriilliii-
.slillilliil‘tl ill _]lltl}.ll|ll.’, hccll :iulillisl
us, our viclory oicr ihc lliisi Bccs
would liavc bci-li .lssul'cd

Bill ii'osh .ll’i' opcn-liillidcil.
\ll'lilghi — ioliini'd, liolicsl pcoplc.
lloiv \vcrc ivc lo know lhnl ollr
silbllc llilllllll' and opcll dialogilc
would bc lroivlicd upon by Shin-“-
Soplilsllcalcs‘.‘ liow \H'I't‘ \\l' in know
lll.il .i plol \\lllt'll would t‘llllhl‘ ii
rl'llhdlllili oli lll'tllitl\\li\' would be
ionsldcicd 'i'.iilln*ll\"' by Alhally":.
Allillls‘.’ lioii wi-ic wc lo know lliiit
El skit l.'l\t'!i .ii Hliilc has to bc hascd
on liililzisi llislinii ol incl, lnllsl.
icnlcl' :iioillid our miraculous Mili—
ciiii l'cipiil'cs ,i plol plcscl'lbcd for
Ihc lilt'llllllll_\ oi ii pic-~clioolci'. aild
liiilsl coiillllll .i llllillilllllli lllllillllll oi
liuc lalclll'!

liowcicl', lioii wc ari- Sophomores,
lllltl know bcllci‘ Now wc l‘ciilizc
lllill coiiioinillv rcsiills lli silcccss.
llilii ollgllliillly blcclls liilllll'i‘ Now
we know what ll lake: in will. and
liaic managed to cramp llic lll-
giliully iii a t'l'l'liilll Mr (‘oilgclnl
sulliclcillli clioiigh lo (llillllll a skit
\illh as little plol, talent and ic.ilisin
.is |Jlisxhllllt‘ ll'i-llow Sophomores.
Vli'llll'y‘ ls ()lil‘ﬁl

Elaine ltonianloivslii 'ill

 

a -'

it



That. afternoon I saw the US. and
U.S.S.R. pavilions, the I.B.M. ex-
hibit, alid the Atolniiiin, the sym-
bol of the Fair. The atmosphere in
the US. pavilion was of an easy
nature and the guides were ex-
tremely friendly. On the other
hand. the Russian pavilion was very
formal and at times left me cold. I
do not. mean to imply, however, that
the displays were not good. They
were both excellent. The next day it
rained but I did manage lo get to
see many more displays of the dif-
ferent nations.
on Jilly 19th and arrived around
iiooli. With the aid of a customs
broker we had met on the train, we
found a place to stay in a Dutch
home.

The following (lay we took a boat
trip aiid visited Markcn aiid Volan—
dam, two small villages where the
Dun-.1 people have kept their orig-
inal customs and costumes. I took
a ll‘ip through the many canals of
Amsterdam later in the evening.
There are around 400 bridges and
iii) canals in the city iiseli.

Office Requests
Registration For
Placing Service

Clinton J. Roberts, Director of
Teacher Placement. indicates that
all degree candidates for January,
1959 are required to file registra-
tion papers with the Placement Bu-
reau.

Interviews Necessary

Candidates are requested to sign
for an interview and secure the
registration forms at the office in
Draper 101. Interviews will be con-
dUcted Monday, Tuesday aild Wed-
nesday.

’lhe typing of confidential inat-
cl'ials, mailing of credentials, fold-
ers, etc, necessitates the collection
of a service charge of ten dollars
prior to the interview.

Both Seniors and Graduate stil-
dents must file registration papers.

Two (Topics

It is a policy of the college to
have all Seniors and Graduate reg-
ular session students file at least
two copies of placement creden-
tials and recommendations for pur-
poses of record with this Place-
mcnl Bureau.

Dean Lanfora’ Releases Names

Of Students Willi '8' Average

The following siildents, according
to Oscar E. LiiiL. il'd, Dl‘tlll of the
College, have acliicved a 3.1) schol-
astic average or better; Frances E.
Allele, Florence Albalii, Klilllt’l‘illt‘
L. Aldous. Marguerite A. Aleidc.
Carol A. Allic. Jack P. Anderson.
Wilma D. Anderson, Gale Argetsiii-
ger, Louise E. Armstrong, Carol M.
Arnold, I—Iarold Austin, Betty P. M.
Aycr. and Richard S. Aycr,

Also included on the Dean's List
are: Judith K. Bacon, Paul  Bak-
er. Eveliii K. Barrett, Robert J.
Bultaly, Joiinnc M. Battaii, 1,)ouglas
J. Bauer, Ursula Baum, Clyde L.
Biardslcy, Frances K. Bclkiiap,
Loiils Biolsl, Jerrold G, Blssoii, Bar-
bara Blacklill, Peter Blollicrly. Cecil
'l‘. Bliuli, Gisclc Boulals, Richard L.
Boyle, l..:i\i'i'clice E. Brecn, Daniel
J. Brcsnaii. Ellen J. Brighlmali, and
Judith B. Brodsky,

Also Virginia Buddenhagcii, Judy
M. Biiiil. William E. Burkc, Sharon
A. Burkhart. Kenneth D. Burmcister
Wilhelmina H. Burlon, Jane M. Blis-
liilrl, Caroline ll Byliiia. Beverly A
(,fiiccliiulc, Josiph V. Calill‘i. James
J. (‘arlnlcliacL Susan G. Carlin-
ihail, Kay 1). (.‘arlwl'iglit, Nancy I“.
i:il.illamo, and Lillian 1.. Caltorilii.

{\m'l .lirni-s ()1avcll. Griliiiia C.
l ..cli, Marlin B. Colicn. Margaret
A i‘ollins, Leona W. (loiiglilln, Mary
l‘. (fox, Jalch M (‘i'ilillb, Lawrence
15 (Eel-ll, liobcrl (I. l)illl(l\\'. Jl'.. lu'l»
um A. l):llllt'l, Barbara lvl Darling.
l)orolliy A. Davis (lcoi'gc (', lliiils.
Mil lincl J. choiils, Joan M I)c l.co,
Lcc Delilkc, Curtis S, Dclincy, lliir—
il-l l.. Dclil. (llorla, l“ Dciilsch,
Mary J Donlon, (‘olislnncc M. Dor—
.ilid, Elli-ii E Doscli. Bclly 1.. l)lll)i|,
(‘arolc A. Dudley, (l. (lranl l)lllll'lll,
and Janice I" llll Monti

Also Sliclla 1i liickliails. llay (‘,
l'Ldiiy, Al'lccii M l-lincri, llcrbcrl l’
l-llgcl. (‘ui'oiyii Elizzcl'l. l’hyllis .l.
l‘.llL’,ll'. Willllllll A l<‘iilalc, Jonii J.
l“l'l'|‘iil'l. l'Illcli M Fitzpatrick. Mary
l‘ I’ll/piili'l k. Lcliora L l“l;illl\'l'.
loss A l“il.:;ii‘lli, Edward lt'lil‘l'c,
lois Allii l"i'iin':. M;ll‘\ Loil thillag<
hci'. Maria A (lallgcnli. Willialil ll
(l.ll'lici'. li‘li‘llul‘d (‘ (lzlscoylic, 'l‘liliy
:‘ilili (lcduld. Shclla Ann (lcl'lg, and
l'Jilnlcc (‘ (ill‘~

Also Anna M tilllliigliam, Mary
i.cc (ilnss, Susan ll (ioldlnrb. San-
ill'u ‘ (ioliislclli. Agnics 'l' (ilillhlil-
i‘cs, .i (i (lrcclic, .illll lt‘l'illll't'h' l,
(ll‘i'clibl'i'g

Also Franklin ll lilibci'. Adrlclilic
1 Hall, Russell H Hall. Milxllic S
lllil]ll|l, Solvcig l. lialisscii. (lcorgc
A Harris, l‘illli‘l M Hall, Wlillcl' J.
lll‘lllN, lilchnrd A llcridcs. Joan E
lliviiood. Barbara A llllllllilll, Doris
h‘ lllsclic. Alli‘cJ llodllie, tlall I“.
lloulill, Jaincs (l liolwoy. Margaret
A llll\\ill'tl. Barbara V llublak.
Henry M. llllL’llih Jr, and Joscph
H lllcrcniolia.

Also l"l’llllt'i‘h lt‘ Jalllcli. Vi'rli 'l‘.
Jill'lllllllll. Sylvia ll Jiirlga, Neil B
Jul'lnskl, Sandra J. Kiillbournc, Paul
E Kapp, Esl.cllc l. Kiilllllhill, Evc~
lyll W Keller. Ilcl'hcrl A. Knapp,
.lcaii ll. Knapp, Wilda J Kocslcr,
Willard J Kolien, Edward Koubek,

Patricia A, Koviileskl. Andrew C.
Krotje, aiid Wilma E. Kuhl.

Also Arliilc E. Leaning, Barbara
S. Le Bar, Karen E. churg. Donna
Lccs', Natalie J. Lemoinc, Ann D.
Lesslcr. Louis F. Lucidi. Carol M.
Lupiliski. alld Arlecn D. Lilick.

Also Uol'otliy E. Madigan, Albert
A. Malivald, Janice H. Manning,
Marjorie M. Mlll'kell, David L.
Marsh. Karen E. Masterpolo. Henry
S. Mail, George E. McAlonle. Loris
R. McCullough, Fay C. Moore. Rich-
ard L. Merritt, Judith L. Melcall',
Gloria R. Meyer, Howard F. Miller,
Roland A, Miiicli, Mary E. Moffiitt,
John 1). Morris, Robert A. Mueser.
and Charles Newman.

Also included on the list were:
Kurt E. Nielsen, Margaret E, Niel-
sen, Keiilieth Nodell, Margaret A.
Nolan, Christina M. Nol'ing, Mary
A, Nottingham, David E. Oaklcilf.
Francis R. Offriclit. Frances E. Or-
ganisciak, Constance A. Oropiillo.
Carol M. Owens, Grace M. Palinis«
:lllil, Patricia A. Pcscara. Marjorie J.
Pelly, alid Elizabeth A. Pl‘legl.

Also Josephine M. Plt‘tl‘Ut'll, Es—
ther F. Pilbeam, Amelia Podber,
Veronica (I. Pogoi'zclski, Martha
Pollack. Mary J. Priliglc. Beverlv J.
Ralln, Margaret A. Reid. Janet A,
Reiglc. Donald W llemfurl, Rich-
.ird J. Robarc, Jiiliics l5). Rogers,
Pc 'gy Aliil Rollins, Joan Ross, Calh—
crinc A. Rosso, Laurie H. Rolhslclii.
Dolores M. Russell, and Richard J.
Ryan.

Also Helen N. Hiilford. Joyce ll.
Handldgc. Suzanne A. Savard, Fran—
ccs M. Scliollclcli. Daniel L Schuc,
llcdy H. Schwurlr, Rhea it, Scliwai'lr,
(lllda t‘. Scsll. Marila J, Seward.
Susan E, Sliai'zirzck, Naomi J. Sha-
vcr. Jaiilcc Ii). Sheldon, Carcl A.
Shclly, Mary J. Shepherd, and Jlillc
l<1 Showcrman.

Also Barbara (‘. Shilltx. Eleanor E.
Sili‘ci'slcln. Marion 1. Silvcrstcili.
Vcl'a A Silvcrslonc, Jcalille M Sl—
liiolls. chphcli 1. Simpson. Marjorie
ll chsiligcr, Jilcl W Hilillh, 'lhor—
ion (l Smith. Eizi Mail-y Sowalsky.
lliilph S. Spanswick, Diiild N
Hill‘lll'i'l', Ell/.libclli A. Spencer, Syl-
via ll, Siciliholl, Lcon E Slcrle,
and Marshall I“. Slcl'nbcrg.

Also llalillii L. Strong, Al'lcnc M
Still/.cliislcim. Viiicclil l" Hucalo,
(iri‘lrudc l. Sulrin, Cynllini l. Sug-
nrinau. Thomas A. Sullivan. Anne
1" chci, Mcl'i'itl J. Taylor, Bair—
bai'a E 'l'hlclc. Barbara J. Thorn-
hlll. ifli'llill'tl H. ‘l'liorns, li‘i'cderick
ll 'l‘lillnlhari. Carol 1. Tonic. Nancy
M 'l'ooill'y, Mary M Travis, and
William I). ’l'urnhull

Also Mlltoli L. llpcl‘all, Kallicrllic
i5 Updike, li'raliconc, Joscpli M
Vail Vriinkcii. Jeanne D. Vasilou.
ltill/illﬂ‘lll A Wager, Nltil't‘t‘llllt‘ S.
Waggoner, Carole A Waring. Doris
li.‘ \Nill'lllllll, Neill E. Warren, Nor~
man D Waterbury, Margaret E.
Wl'llzlit‘l', Sharon E. Wciizel, Rob-
crl ’l‘. Wigglli. Dianne M. Woodward,
Anna A. Wl'anovice, John I“. Yugcl'.
Barbara Ya n diali, Winifred E
Yiungs, and Sandra 1... leko.

Rev. Frank Snow To Serve I
As College Campus Minister

The Rev. Frank P. Snow has been
appointed Director of College Work
on the staff of Albany‘s Capital
Area Council of Churches. His main
responsibility will be to serve as
Campus Minister to Protestant,

Episcopal and Orthodox students at
State College. He will be available
to consult with students about per-
sonal and religious questions and
to work with the Student Christian
Association and cooperating religi-
ous organizations such as the Lil-
lheran Strident Association, Can-
terbury Club, and the Methodist
Student. Fellowship.
New Position

T. is is a new position, sct-ilp last
spring to l'lll what many considered
a long standing need at State Col-
lege. ii is sponsored by the more
than seventy member churches of
lhc local Council of Churches Illi-
clugling. in addition to many Prot-
estant and Episcopal churches, St.
Sophia's Greek Orthodox Church
alid the Old Catholic Chilrchi and
the regional organizations of the
American Baptist Convention, the
Congregational Christian Churches,
the Evangelical and Reformed
Church. the Methodist Church the
Pri.lcsiant Episcopal Church. the
United Lutheran Church and the
United Presbyterian Church.

Reveiend Snow

Mr. Snow is a graduate of Milli-
lcnbcrg College and Yale Univer-
sity Divinity School. He was assist-
anl. minister at Trinity Methodist
Church. Albany, from 1953 to 1956.
Since lhen he has done graduate
sludy and served as pastor of High-
land Congregational Church iii
Sillilt.‘l'\’lllt‘, Mass. He was called to
this new post in June and began
work in September. He lives at 304
Washingtii Avenue and can be
contacted there (Phone 6-8948) or
through the office of the Council of
Clllll'cllcs at 93 State Street IPhone
4-12li7i.

Board ()I ('ollege Work

A Board of College Work has been
crgaliized by the sponsoring churches
and denominations to assist with
the work. Its chair-.nan is the Rev.
Ralph M. Carmichael, Rector of St.
All..rcw's Episcopal Church aild
illl‘il‘iiil' lo Canterbury. Members of
[lie Bonl'll include Dr. Milloli C. 01-
son. Dr, John R. ’l'ibbclls. Dr. Doll—
:ild it Villl Cleve and Dr. Hudson S.
Winn from lhc Slate College fac-
i.llv

Director Selects
Group Singers

Karl Pclci'soii, Associate Protes-
,~or of Music. aliiioillices ihc incin-
bers of the iwo selective choral or-
ttillli‘tilllilllx. lhc Choralcltcs and the
Slillcsllicil. have bceli chosen.

(‘lioralettcs

Mcinhcl's oi the Cliol‘alcllcs are:
Miriam Handcrson '59; Jillic Alex-
andcr. Pauline (‘ii/il. Roberta Dav-
is, Audrey llili'd. Sally Viili Scoy,
Juniors. l.llltl;l Buchlcr. Florenci-
Cliplllo, l”i':iliccs l’lcck, Sylvia Lob—
lngcr. Lillian Milllcii. Brenda Pea—
cock. Marlin-1c Slcslngcr, Sopho-
iiiorcs. Muryhcllc Blackburn. Nlllllllt‘
(‘llll'li’l‘, Sandra (‘ollcr, Kiii'cli llydc.
Ingcborg Linsciibarih, (‘arol Loli—
plcllc. (.‘iiroi Mobcrg. Diane S'lrcl,
ll'cshincli,

Stall-smell

'l'hoinas Wiiilhciis. (il'iltlllllli‘ slu-
llt‘lll, Johl'llll l“i)Si',‘.;i|ll, (icorgc liar—
ris, Jiciics ()\\'l‘ll, (lcol'gc Plumiilcr,
Seniors Jack Alidcrsoli, Albci'l
(‘llil'kc. chphcii Hoover. Dollald
loopmali. Donald Rclnturl. Lcc Up“
l'lil'l, Juniors. Dennis Borsl. Pclcr
llllll‘V Ill hard Robinson. Robert
\Vlllldllls, Sophomores; James liak~
cr, Jan Dyckma, Carlloii Elio, (‘al-
v:n l“l‘llli)ll, Dieter Holl'lniin, Rob—
cll Jcltus', Donald Lawrence, Georgi-
i l on. Richard Walker, Dlilc West~
coll il‘cshlncn, arc llic lliclllbers oi
the Slalcsmcn.

'l'lic Slalcsmcll lLui‘c lilreiidy lit'-
icplcd Ii.lll' engagements lor lin-
lull sciisoli iiiid will make llicir prc~
lnlir appearance October 20 ill the
'l'.n Broeck Mansion.

 

REV. FRANK P. SNOW

l

Ecclesiastics
Plan Schedule
Of Events

Thursday, Inter-Varsity Christian
Fellowship will meet at Brubacher
Hall at 7 pm. Sandra Kailbourne
'61 will lead a discussion group 'at
the meeting which will also feature
a quartet.

All interested students are re-
minded of the ICVF Fall Weekend
October 10-12, which will be held
at Camp Pinnacle. near New Salem
«in the vicinity of Thacher Park).
The speaker will be Keith Hunt,
Graduate Engineer from Michigan,
whose theme will be. "God and the
Human Impasse.“

Students from any religious back-
ground are welcome. and those in~
lerested should get a folder from
the IVCF bulletin board in lower
Draper, or from any officer of the
organization. Girls must obtain per-
ml~sion slips from parents. and the
registration blanks must be mailed
brl‘orc October 6. The cost is $7.25
lor the weekend.

Ilillel

Toby Geduld. class of '61, an-
nounces that Hillel will have a “Bib
gel and Lox" breakfast Sunday. The
breakfast will be held at Temple
()liav Sliolom and will start at 10
am. Rabbi Rublnger, advisor ol
Hillel, will speak on "The Tradi-
lions ol' Silccoh." Everyone is wel~
come,

Student (‘liristlan Association

Student Christian Association an-
nounces it Will hold its first meet—
ing of the year Thursday at
7‘30 pm. at Brubachcr. Notices
will be posted on Brubachel' bulle—
llll board. The speaker will be the
Reverend Frank Snow who is the
l-’l'llli‘.~ltllll minister on the campus.
The topic will be "Our Role As
(‘lirisllan Sludcnls "

All l‘rcslimcli :ll'l' invited to partl-
clplilc

Newman (‘Iub

’l‘lic Ni‘\\llliill Club is moving to
its ncw center located lil 128 Wcst~
crii Ali‘llllt' Ht‘I’L‘l't‘lltl Donald R.
Starks will have an office on the
llrsi lloor The Ncwuuin Club will
ocupv the first and third floors.
'ihc iirsl floor will also have ii
library tillil the Newmanite office.

Small executive meetings Will be
liclil al the new center. Regular
liiiwlliigs will be conducted at Bril-
b.ichcr Meetings are held every
ollicr 'l‘liilrsday. The first meeting
was conducted on September 25.

Officers for the Newman Club are
as lolloivs; Presidenl, David Pitkin;
Vice-President, Gordon Sec k ner.
Seniors, Secretary, Ethyl Mershon
'60; 'l‘i'ciisurer, Douglas Franke ‘61.

 

l

  

