 

PAGE 2

Omnibull . . .

We had so many little things to plug away at this
week, we thought we’d be democratic (like it says in the
Constitution) and write about them all . . .

Thank you, good and gentle people, for your avid
interest in our News Board meeting last Tuesday. We wish
Senate would have such an enthusiastic audience at their
gatherings—or were you all Senators? Perhaps News
Board will return the compliment one of these days . . .

Cabinet seems to be tied up in its first serious con-
sideration of the semester: what meeting hour is suitable
for all the ministers who are still on campus? They haven’t
had a full meeting yet due to class conﬂicts. but great
strides are being taken to alleviate the situation. Schedules
have been turned in and who knows? Maybe they’ll have
a real meeting before the student teacher politicos return
from off campus and the problem will have to be solved
again. Anyone for cabinet meeting at pre-student teaching
conferences?

Do Who’s Who nominees need a 2.5 average? . . .

We’re glad to see that people are beginning to give
our antiquated residence rules the attention they deserve.
The Wednesday night session with Dean Stokes. Residence
Council, and Senate was the first positive step toward
their revision. Either they are revised or “kiddying” may
become more popular on campus than frisbee and hula-
hoops.

And lastly “Don’t hesitate, participate!” We hope to
see all of the freshman tomorrow at Activities Day. Rhoda
Levin and her committee have done an excellent job to
insure a successful program. It lacks just one element
that only the freshman can provide tomorrOW—themselves.
See you there!

Kentucky Derby . . .

The power of the press is sometimes inspiring, and
when we think that 2000 people will read what we say.
we’re inclined to put down our feelings about last week’s
News board meeting. The unprecedented attendance of
“non-board members" amazed us and made us thoughtful.

We’ve been criticized before. and it never bothered us;
being put on exhibition is another matter. We don‘t like
the idea that a score of people can suddenly decide to
watch us in action, simply because they derive a kind of
perverted pleasure thinking we‘ll squirm. We didn‘t
squirm. As a matter of fact we were insulted that you
take our work so lightly; that you think we hold meetings
for you to watch.

We don’t mind a friendly joke; we’ll never complain
about competition; we’ll stand up to a good argument
anytime; we even like a nice loud scream occasionally; but
we do demand some respect for the hours we work and
the newspaper you receive on Friday. The News office
isn’t a zoo, and we’re not caged animals. We spend enough
time and effort producing a paper to make us feel we
deserve a little more respect than we were accorded
Tuesday night.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 
   

First Place CSPA Sccond l’liici- ACI’
Vol. XLIiI rictobi-i- ll), liiilii No. 2o
Member: of 'zw Nl'f‘osl -i. , in lint! iii-ii \lo in. I ll .ilm. ll;l \ki ‘12.. «is,
from 7 to if p .i. .i‘ J llJl; l ‘ l'..o:.: l: /p.i'll- r. flif iii A. If '1 Tom Lump!
2-0870
'l‘ni- iiidcigia .‘ mic iii-w .,..i,.-i ‘il l' '.  You. Hmi'ir in, .f ,v. z... i. ..
published I‘.~'l ‘. l-i.i: i-. of ':.c f ...n .v .r i ii. iii Ni'th) limiii io: ':.. .‘-;' . . > i'

 

AnMIl iai .oi.

MARY I’I'I‘ZI'A l‘llll K r ldiloi In ( lich
MAIUJENI‘. «H KI'JLMJN - - \Iiillliiglng I.illlol
(‘AILUL AIXI'H' A < Illinlncss .\llH‘llhllig ".lllllll
“AVID I‘ l‘.l,l)i“.\.\' ' \ssili lalc lililul
MARY l'ilJJch’ JUM-NHU-N - \ssoclwlc l.diloi
MARTHA Illuh'H'K ' \ssoclalc Ldlloi
JAMES Melll'ti“ Associate I'Jllllll
ELIZABETH Brit-“ll ‘3“ Jason lilll' I’Jllllu
MONICA TILLSKI h - Assm liill' I‘Jlllul
JOHN QI'HIK l'llllllr ltclmllons Lulu”
JAMLS INN (:IH‘JH) to Spirit: ".llllul
JOHN LEW/I5 ' ' (ii Spoil-y I'.(lllol
ROBERT KAMI‘I" ' ( onsullanl npolla l'.lllllll
(“but #3“le r — llll ulallon l at hill-gr Ldltol
I‘HU'I'OUILU'” Y ‘ ’ hldlc ('ollcuc l'liulo hr: in c

All ioii.i:iol.d .i‘loll. ,[iflllltl bc undi- , Ill Io 'ln Hf. of and mo .i be uni d Nomi .
all; m: W-LlJll'ill oi. lco-uzbl 'l in til A l l'. (Si)l.l.lz(ilt NIH/Via .i. dun no il' poi. indie,
1m upliiduu. c/.;Iii' p»: -L .h H. In, lint. oi Ioliili. .,.l .ll .nl. .. ,H I, PM”. "Uh (“I "W

net i: ,mu “3 icllcll ii, all v.

 

wigs/gig»

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 10. 1958

 

[(671in (ape/14
By Gebhardt and Barbagelala

Since we began writing this col-
umn last year, we have found that
there exists at Albany State a great
number of avid alld habitual movie
goers.

We would like to take this op-
portunity to compliment these peo-
ple on their ﬁne and discriminating
taste in entertainment. They are
very fortunate to have come to the
realization that the theater opens
whole new worlds of pleasure and
offers a haven away from the cares
and worries of every day life. So
if you don't know how to live life
alid enjoy it. you might as well go
to a two bit movie.

STRAND

The Blob A blooil—liuiafcil Blob
threatens to decimafe the entire
human race by completely engulf-
ing all living creatures iii its stickly
slimy. putrid. ooze. This is a comedy
built around upon a solid foundation
of facts and is convincingly told.
The movie contains a million dollar
cast consisting of seven humans alid
one overgrown fcight liilllioil
poundsi amoeba.

Also showing is I Married at
Monster From Outer Space. This
shocker features a daring expose of
the lonely hearts racket at its worst.
LELAND

’l‘he Sheepmaan are ashamed
to adliiit this. fans. but we have
seen this movie. Glen Ford portrays
the fast —drawing. last-shooting.
slow-loving cowboy that is fast be-
coming outdated with the advent
of the adult western. Ford is ob—
noXlocs. he gets liifo more lights
than you can coulit on both liallds.
he doesn't psclioanulym‘ anybody,
alld lll general he gives you first
class entertainment.

The second feature is l‘ndcrwatcr
Warrior starrilig Dali Dailcy. We
have never like Dali Dallcy as a
dancer and as an actor he is atro-
clous. Advice of the Week: send
him to Dippi-kill.

PALACE

('at on a Hot 'lin Roof Holly-
wood has finally brokcll down and
dolu Justice to a Broadwq‘ play
The star studdc‘l cast holds up ‘-.‘.'€l
froln start to finish. We can‘t think
of a lllccr way in >])(‘iltl two hours
and a butt; and ii quarter. lMore
if you arc a popcorn l‘illt‘l'.’ (‘o-
fcatui'c is Walt Disney‘s Blue Men
of Mori'oceo. This is about ihc long
cxtiiut race of blue null who wcrc
devoured by color blind l’ui'plc l'co-
pic lt'iiicrs, ilaugh. that s ioi nnl‘.
joke of the columi UK. lent-Ni
MADISON

Around The \"‘ll‘l(l In 80 Days
Nothing inorc can bc aid iiboul
Ilils flick. It's tircal. it’s worth lll"
nloncy «another buck and a quarter!
and if you haven't sccn if by all
nit-an» do. With all llll‘ moilcs so
expensive this wcck our adili-c to
you incn. .ilid iii-shincn l:~' fol-sci
your date. ~lic's probably llol worth
ilic monc'. .uiywdy

lii i loslil' ‘.'.li'. ‘Mislc .i iiillini‘ pills
bur. liiic whcn \ou '.lll scc o. lilll\
.‘iufil l‘lflill.ill.llfl'|il lli liiiiff fol l‘.‘.lf
lliis"

€0mmunicafiaM

 

To the l‘.(llllll'l
W.- of flu uuiuml lll‘lll o:

N Yﬂf‘i‘. Albany ’,‘.Ii‘l.fl ...« lo
filiill‘. .ipll'\l1lllsi‘. llllfrllil llll‘MIl vi.
our hotly Wc l)|'lll‘\l‘ lI nu. . .ii‘. In

‘l'll‘l'l public opinion oi lulu .i.
.ii,-.ui our iudii l.|l ill'l. ill‘w ‘1 lil' inn
'fl coil l'lllfi llu i'c llll :ippoiiil

icini oi .i Hiiidilu Scnaloi by 'lil'

l’ll‘ llli‘ill oi Hludinf its i..fion
.\“. killlll .i llil' lllhlildl ill.ilfifi ii
lli'ft'iil “oh‘lillluiil was lll'.ll .i,i
,lo.u licl lllllllllll‘. b'. any pi l vol. of
]ul'»lilif\ iv impini ii.io ilu ll;’illll‘.
oi ihc .ipp-filiiiiicni ll.id ;\l\sl:.ini.i
nlliitillj. ncill ll.‘.l".|'ll iiii .i dcil-iiii
i\'1\il".«lllill would li.l'.|' ,i\flf llx. iii
liipicldllofi iii-il.il’ili.J liic .iil cili|~
slllutional.

M y sliiulla

To the Writers of Killlllitl liiipcrs;
l imic l|.l-'l yniil liolc In Iiu .“Scp

u inlch 140' i do of flu Stale (dill-g.-
News and am dc:-nous ol fillllfllililf’
.i iicc :iiuopi'dpluii p.< Hill of you].

sclics '(if‘lJllLtlill .ini lulllzuicldloi
l woild (onslch u uio.~.| )giliciou
of you. if you would Ul' so ..inif a
to comply wiili n.\ .'.l.‘lif':~.
‘lhzink you cyci on much ioi '.lilll
linic and clloil
Sincerely yours,
ltullilc Kooplnau

r..__ M M-..“

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Reputation is an idle and most false imposition, oft got without
without deserving."

The peristyle posters are at us again. this time propagandizing God.
Besides tliclr being gi‘ilfiiillli'all)‘ inCorrccf. we feel that the posters are.
if not morally. at lcast ethically improper.
(Illllllll’ ‘lf'li cyaiigcliciil pulpit—poundiiigs to the bulletin boards provided
Religious discussions can be interesting; open-
nlindcdnc-s is an attribute; bill cannot religious publicity be carried on
ill a less Silli'nllfiii

(ll'li OWN ARENA

This college has .i .cry fine soccer team. a large stadium easily within
walking disimcc. and a dis'iiiaricnlllgly small attendance at soccer games.
Our soccer rcpliiccs other collcgcs' football; soccer is even a predecessor
ii is not a game merely for the players exercise. or just
Our soccer, particularly
enthusiasm for our school.
eagerness to stc State triumph over ally and all competitors.
is not Just a sjlfifl. it is a spectator sport.
one. or quietly >ll, there, but get there.

lN'l‘lHUl'lNU AXI) AM [SING

to flu: Aprildcllloii

Campus Commission should

for just such iiifci‘cst.’;.

Cheer. shout, or yell, every-

lii ordcr to make amends for the grab-bag technique of choosing
(‘iillll'l‘flll‘l‘ deli-gates. News Board called another gathering. From every

. Doughcriy running cri ands in the fourth
l'llllllLlilil llll'llllilll dcsl; drawcrs for her gavel
bilillld. iidlng (Jonsiuuiiou . . .

llllll the [1111 lil‘gdll .
cast of thousands Jt't’l‘t‘d thcin

liisuii. l.l‘>.\l('l{ and Spencer to the winners clrclc

.'\lll‘lilllil.. l)vlll‘.'lllllll dunkcrs and cider slppcrs. A liiovlng-iali-lull

(li‘lli‘ci'id to file (lame Room at 1:30 on Satur-
.ii'c lnvllcu to participate whcn SUB scrvcs fllcsc

filll'llllllll. but no one nccils everything.

While. llil.\ lli'.\ pdpcl' hall be ioiisiiirfcil to eliminate misspell-
.ill ionil-oicisiiil topics. and anything worth—

ibis iiiwspdpi r will ‘lfl'll])\ ihc imic now unw'lscly spent by

.‘ (‘olnmoh Liicis llilnk flii.-. plan fair on llll‘

which might llaic been pre—
.xi.d oplliilihllcull}
rccolnmcndaiions

 

College Calendar

Hill” 3'. fit THIS!“ 10

ll‘(- i'lc this “l'lllt‘ llc lli'alliil. l)l;ipcl (ill!
l’ l (inflidllll Uplll llousi
l'fo iii in: Hpcn ll‘lilhl' loi‘ l‘)l.lll‘.‘)llll‘ll

(hi rhunm 'liu lo Upcn House for State mcn
l‘lH li .‘Bi pli l);incc. illubiuhcl inning llooin
hA'l'l lllliH', (it"lUMl'Ji ll

l’usxlibidi. l5l’\l’l".’ yi l-; li‘icld

 

iii fi\itics l).i\. lll'uoacncr (illllll' lloom
l'f‘o llrrlopli l)illi| c
SI’NIHY, (H 'IUHI‘Jl
(‘..i.n ibui\ ('iuh (llllllll Hci\iie

l.o|lil'liiii Hlll fcnl A:so. lailon Mccflng. Hf

MONDAY. (H Hilililt lIl

l‘i (lamina Mu Mccilnc. lliapi-i lll’l

( l f fil‘giiui 'flici.i (I‘illcc flour for Alpha l'l Alplm
\\l'.l)i\lzrsll.\ Y, (H 'l'tllililt ll

l‘.iidcl’uul‘y (‘luli Mi f lllli‘, Andicw s ('hulcll

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 10. 1958 PAGE 3

 

 

nutmeg»

".

24 ﬂoating in guitafze "’9",

4;) '

r ~ ..
By DOUGLAS A. PENFIELD 
A A

On July 20 we caught a train for
Cologne. Germany. where we plan-
ned to start our trip down the
Rhine River. I found the German
peonle very industrious; Cologne.
which was bombed out completely
during the war. has been rebuilt aiid
is now a very modern city.

We started our excursion down
the Rhine at 6:30 am. alld expected
to arrizc lll Mailne. Germany at 8
pm. The scenery along the river is
most beautiful. We saw many old
castles. vineyards and small villages
set back on the hillside.

After landing at Mainzc we
taught a train to Zurich. Switzer-
land alid from there on to Luccrne
where we spent five wonderful days.
’llie climate here was similar to that
of the northern parf oi the United
States. alid the Alps ill the back-
ground make a beautiful picture.

I spent. one day lll Berlie. the
capital of Switzerland. and saw the
House of Parliament. the Clock
Tower. St. Peter's aild St. Paul's
Church dlltl the famous bcar pits.
it was interesting to note that most
Protestant churches have clocks on
them.

The next (lay the sun came out
bright iilid shiny so we decided to
take a trip up to the Alps. The
farms ill this area are very neat
and you can hear the sound of bells
from the cows down in the valley.
There arc stones on the roofs of
the houses ill order to hold the
shingles down during the heavy
storms. \Nc remained m the snow
region for a while and then wcni
hack to lluccrnc where we wi-ni
swimming at the load liciich
All Roads Lead To . . .

July 26 we left l.uccrnc by train
for lionc. the Eternal City. Wifll
the aid of some American boys we
had met in Luccinc. we were able
to find ll\lllg quarters in Home at
the Pcnslonc (liiilliinc. ’l'lic l-Jliglish
translation of "pcnslolic" is guest
house.

The lu-si day we decided to take
some privately condiictcd tours
around the city. lll the morning we
saw the Borglicsc Museum. the Pan-
illcoll. formerly a temple to the all-
ciciu gods but now a church, and
the 'l‘rcvi Fountain. famous for the
movie "llircc (toms iii the li‘oun~
mm "

'l‘llc icgciid Slllll‘r ilmi if you
throw .l ('ifill info the fountain you
‘.\‘lll sonic day return in Home. lllc
lll'fx'l day '.\c llillilif‘llf'fl to pass illc
lflllllldllf and wch ycf'y niuili sur—
prlsi-d io scc that u had nccii drain—
id l'Ii'cl'xol-c was hclping Iliclnschcs
lo Ilic loins llml llic "wt-allliv' Aln«
in wins had thrown in days pri-iiou
Vatican ('ity

Around nofn wc cilicrcd V;iiic.iii
(.‘ily. lllc >.I.li.illci ilulcpciuiciil shift
in the world ll .ii'rcs i saw SI
l’clcf"s (‘lilii'cli. ilu siiiilu- of Hi
l'cIi-r .ind many paintings by Ml—
l'lllll‘lilllL’J‘lii lii flic zilli-i‘iiuoii \‘l‘c
\isucd Ilic ruins of ilic Roman Hen—
:uc, l‘iil'fllll. (‘oliscunr the Victor
l-.niaiuicl Mclnoiiiil. f‘ll’lll‘tl as llll‘
:ipoilicosi;. of li.ill.in nulcpcndcncc
.iiul llic limilica of St Paul. consid~
i‘il‘ll by many the most bciiuiflul
iiiuii ii iii Homi- lili';ill c oi ilu ino-
‘.|lt work if collldllls and ll:~ slin-
;ilii'il\

'llic follow'lii' do: wc ll'\l.‘wlll‘fl
illilll‘. of flu nioli inicicsilin' sii'lli.
*.|.i' li.iil lil‘l'll |rfi".l<ul.‘ul. lll.ll f‘\t'
lilil.’ i will! Io cc ilic opiid Aldo ‘
onc of llll‘ llll’lllll‘lllh of lli'i lilp iil
llu‘ (‘.ii.i .ill.i ll.illi:a 'lllc H.illl ulc
iiolninr nioli lllllll .i liil‘w' .ilupln
llil.llf’l whizn sou .iiouiid Lfllui
pcopli
inf ill .

Student Senate...

/(,'oilll/no (1 [mm Pug/4 I, (‘oluolli Jr
i’icsiili-nf f'ilacc Ncslifl ‘lili if was
],i..:ilid out llfill lllln i: u fifiil~

lioiii illi’.llll/..illl)ll. .ind inoncy
innid n\ ll is io llil' .idvaludgc of
flu niudcnis buill li.cililli-s as

lio:-.c:. wiiuli ilil' lo lll' pluccd onl—
.rffih lllc (Jilclclm ionic lifldci' llll
l.lll',‘lll\ 'llicsc (illl bc ll.il'(l fol
books. (lulln. liild ol ioiilsc ldckcls
'lllc liliiil conridiiiilion of llll‘
Iill’f’lllll.‘ coiislsicd of :i flioiioil rc~
i'iIdlili.‘ lllc llch lll.i| fill uppoiiit—v
nclils lll.ifll‘ (ill ilic Hl'llltll‘ floof ll\
llfl’ l’ll‘hllll'lll oi Hindi-iii Assoi hillon
nmy lic illlll'lflllil by lln- Hciialc '\\i|ll
[hc c'uiplloli of culililcl :ippoiiil

 

July 30 we left by train for Flor-
ence. Italy where we planned to visit
score of the museums, bargain on
the open air markets and see more
Italian life iii general. We left for
Monaco a day later, stopping long
[11011ng iii Pisa to visit the famous
"Leaning Tower."

i spent three (lays lll Monaco.
during which time I went swimming
on the Frcllch Riviera. visited the
Palace where Princess Grace alid
Prince Rainer live, and paid my re-
spects to the Casino at Monte Carlo.

We left Monaco August 4, passed
through Barcelona. alid from there
to Madrid. the capital of Spain.
After spending a (lay sightseeing
lll Madrid we lilade the last leg of
our Journey to Lisbon, Portugal.

We foulid our ship way up at the
head of the harbor and proceeded
to stow our gear aild make ready
for the long voyage home. That ove-
ning I Went to see a bullfighf; if
fulned out to be a very brutal affair
as far as the bulls were concerned.
Home Again!

The ship left for home on August
l0. aild we would have had clear
sailing had ll not been for a hurri-
cane we encountered around llvc
days out. Nevertheless, on August 23
we canlc sailing llito the harbor at
Fort Schuyler, only too glad to bc
Lack ill the good old USA.

Social Groups
To Offer Jobs

As Supervisors

The Junior lied Cross and lll(‘
’l rlnlty Institution are offering pay—
ing Jobs to students interested in
working with children. Paul Frank
Wllcclcr, Assistant Professor of :a‘o-
('lillf),.‘_\', should be contacted ill his
office. Draper 305i. by those micr—
ested ill these jobs.

Junior Red (‘ross

’llle Junior lted Cross iiccds sc\-
ii'al SlUtll‘llls to act as supci'\'isol's
for their Toy Library located in the
llowc Library. The hours for this
iob :ll'l‘ from 3:30 to 4:45 pm ’l'ucs—
days ’l‘ransporfailoll will be pro—
vldcd

'lrinity Institution

Sludcnfs 2] \cai's of :igc or U\l'i
.ic nccded to act as supcl'iisors. uii—
in r ilu- dlrcciion of tin ‘lrnilly
shill. for ll tccn-agc Jil'i grain iii ilic
'lrlnu'. institution ’llii~. woik will
linolic onc night i-.i 'll \\ccl’..

flilc oi two girls .Ii'l' loaded to
Aolk with the play-school group

(l.lll‘~. from 3 Ll) to 4 if; pm

A man. preferably with some pli\-
‘lc.il education micri-si. could fllid
cmplovlncni on :i l'l‘l'l'tdlilllfifl pro-
gldln llfl't‘l‘ or four f‘\l‘lflll',l.‘. cucli
wi-i-k

C hemicalSoc/eiy
To Hold Picnic

'loniol‘low lllc Alncl'li an ('liiiini .il
H u'll‘l'«. 'loup Ill h‘ldn- (‘oilci'c will
ll-l\l‘ .i plililc .il ’llllii'lici l'.ill~i
'lliosc Vllio wish to ;'o .ii'c illiciicd
In Hlf‘l‘l ul ll llllflll oli llii- .l'fillltl
floor of llnslcd ll.ill

lriinsporlulion l'rovlilcd

'lranspoi'iiilion for file Hlllllli' '.\lll
bc plovidcil In llio c lnclnbcli. of
the gloup who liiiii- cars. The :osl
for lianspof‘ldllon will be IiII\
tints

Sign l‘p In Iluslcd

Any sludcnls who lilf’ mlcrcslcd
in this event. bill who llf|\l' iiol
snincil up arc l'ciiiic-ii-il to do so
on flic M"iill(l floor of Husch llllll

.‘H'h‘ Reception 'l‘ucsdiiy

'lnc :-ocicly is also holding u re
icpilon ’l‘ucsiiiiy ill ii pin in lli'u-
bachcl' Hall Hiudcnls lnlcrcsled iii
the AUH illt' invucd Io aifclid itc-
ficshliiciils will be sorvr-d

Gimme

SW4

By FRANCINE VALVO

Feeling low or depressed? Then
lFG‘s snowing of “role de Drame is
guaranteed to lightcli your spirits.
’1 his delightful murder fantasy is a
satire oil the English detective story.
It is set ill a Loildoil rarely seen
by tourists. A mysterious lnalision.
a disappearing Mrs. Molyncux. a
tipsy botanist. a bishop with a fond-
lziss for roast duck and friendly
chorus girls: all will be found in
lirole de Dramc.

(‘ast

The superb cast is headed by
Jean-Louis Barrault. the Lawrence
Olivier of France. He plays a inur-
dcrcr With a fondness for annuals.
When the bishop denounces the au-
Ilioi' of The Perfect Crime. Jean-
Louis swears vengeance alid starts
to track down the author. whose de-
lictlvc stories have “distracted liiln
from the primrose path." The frail
finds him into several weird situa-
lions. iilid he is confronted with
various wcii'd individuals.

( 'ha ra cte rs

Tili- "clliirai-iers' in this movie
flillfl they are too!I are what make
if so ocilghiiiil. ’l‘hcrc is a courting
inilkmni whose gifts of free quarts
of milk are piling ilp precariously.

’lllcrc is a dog who hasn't ali-
swcrcd to his mistress's call in sev—
iial months. and a lady in a
Limchousc room. for whose sake
icvcllcis iirc clubbed and deprived
o; llicii' buftonholcs.

('louslon Novel

Drole dc Uranic was based oil a
novel by .l. Slori r (Jlouston. author
of Lunatic at Large. II is the re-
sult of all early collaboration of
Carlie and Prcvcri. Besides .lciiil—
l.ouls Barriiult ihc cast includes
l..uls Jounci. who gives it silpcl'l)
pcrfollnan: c as the bishop who prc<
icrs bolus 'Lll'ls’ who "can't say
no." and Michel Simon as the all-
Iliol'. ’l‘hc cntlrc production. al—
ilioilgl‘l l'athcl' cxtf’aniguilt. is ll‘l'-
uiinly llllllrllill and well worih sce—
mg

 

pﬁu'ny 0m
7/... gas/lam

By “A VII) I’IiIJHIAN

Here we are again gang. back at
the old stand~clgars. cigarettes. old
jokes illiyolle‘.’

l"roln the lielpllian we get this
little tidbil.

llic l5i‘lll ll War ()llicc rcpoiicd
iliiii u had on lmlnl ciluligli wonu n's
lone \\lil.lf'll drawers to supply ilu.
\\onicli'. iloyuil Almy (‘oi'ps for 1500
Mars 'lllf‘ gills won't wcar tliclnl
We had not realized how balmy it
must be in Jolly old I'lngland.

From the l‘nivcl'sliy Daily Kan-
sun:

'llfc i'fcy fox. can climb li'ccs likc
.i i.il .iiul Ulll'll firms [runs in i- cope
dogs. lull [in lid lirfn cnii l l'liHlll .ifid
|l.ll-lll\ lllli'fous [o cscnpc (lo;

ltul we thought that Kansas has
No ll‘ccs.

llcrc is an llilpfil'lJlll llll of news
from the Minnesota liully:

A illilliillimil c ln.in in tillilL‘f oi
l.i'ijilll‘.‘ llic ni.iil ill'llil and [Hill
had an inn llllnl' if] his woili \csicl'-
ddy llc found .i slspiuk of bcci
about if Ill) am and oifc l.l|l had
noi liccn opcncd None but ilic
i.iglc~c'.i-if iloliicd iliul flc illri w
only in: i.ins uiio ln-. builap rclusc
bag

I will but that the beer was not
you know what.

l-‘inally, we have this absolutely
revolting poem from the. l'ultcrson
Stale (‘ollegc lieucoll:
(lot up f.di-. iiuiclily an
ltli‘llctl to school. icll lllif’ a fool.

iniln'i slay. why Sunday
“0 not say that we did not warn
ion.

That is about all for now gang,
with a little lurk We will not be.
seeing you in the saline spot next
“well. No, we will probably hc on
page hit.

ISC Continues Amended List;
Finishes Rushing Regulations

Inter-Sorority CilllllCll states that invitation to attend a sorority for-
the following rules are the lcmain- mal dinner, she is obligated to
der of the rushing regulations: attend that one and no other.

6. SILENT PERIODS e. Notices will be sent by Inter-

There will be two periods during -Sorority Council to selected
which there shall be no communica- ill-911965 through StUdent mall on
lion between rushees alid sorority the Monday betore formal dinner.
members. These periods are: 1i These notices will instruct the
From immediately after the conflict I’UShC’CS [0 come if) a deSignatECl
.tiirfics itntil imitations to formal P1309 WWW 5 l)~m- Of that day
dimlcrs have been returned to the to “309W” mVlmUOnS to formal
Student Personnel Office. 2| From dinner; Rusm'es mUSt Tatum these
ll |i.lil. after formal dinners until lnvlmuom [0 a “1mm” 0‘ comic“
“1m”... mil-mpg in a designated place between the
a. There shall be no rushing dur-  or 9 'l'm' "nd a pm“ on that
“‘5' “1"” “VI-“’1” “will by “19”” 1'. Uniform amounts spent on in-
of the ‘illl'lll’S described above alid (miduﬂl “Imps for formal dinner
flfeli only in sorority houses. There m” m. set by ISC each year. Each
>liiill LL‘ no conversation between spiny”). “.m mmva with this bud-
iuslices and iiiclnbel's, aild it shall wil_
be considered all offense in lime
ii third party act as a medium to
i':ll'l')' Ull ll ('(JllVL‘l'hllllUll.

b. Communiiation will be allowed  

bcfol'c formal dinner except for
the above stipulated times. with

fl c exception that lhcrc shall he a  
no gct - togethcrs iif sorority
houses.

c. Each sorority will hold a For-
mal Diilllcr on the night stipulat-
ed by ISC from 7 pm. to ll 1),“).
Invited rusliccs shall not arrive
before the first hour mentioned

A fall weekend. sponsored by the
filler-Varsity Christian Fellowship.
is scheduled today through Sunday
of Ciillip Pinnacle. 18 miles south—
wesi. of Albany. The weekend will
b:- informal, inviting frank and

and shall not leave lafcr than the "1"“ (“EVUSSWH “"d “mle Lie {0"

wmmy meditation. God and the Human

d. Once a frcs‘lliiiali has Slgllf‘fl an impasse.

Mr. Keith Hunt. Graduate Eligi—
. ’ fill" of Michigan. will deli\er the
I main address. His topic is entitled
  "(‘iod arid The Human Impasse."
.\ny college. university, nursing. or
'  , icz'll student is invited. hoping to
  stimulate discussion on all major

ill'llIS.

S . What to Bring?

  Warm sports clothes, bedding. iii-
iludliig three or four blankets, a

Nlllrlf' ('ouncii will not present. flashlight. a Bible and clothing for
:‘o/.y Ci lc for lls Jaw. Concci‘t. Sun- Sunday worship are necessary for
tiny. ():-tobcl‘ 20. as “its SIHU'U 11! the wcckcnd.A wide selection of col—
Ilii‘ h'lillv ('Ulll‘si‘ NW5 luﬁl “113k. loge level books will be on sale at
iii‘ciii'tllllll. to FHqu FM?” '39. PIWI- camp driouut including titles on
df‘lll “1 MUS!“ CUUHHI- “1" Kill Insults of proiiuueut importance.
Winding Scptct will bi llic lciilurcd
group for the coliccrt which will
Like pluz'c on that diifc. This will be
the ('iiliclliiillig cvcni oi llll‘ .innual
lloniccolning chkcnd.
blchcdnlcs ()thcr I‘th‘llls

Music Council's schedule of events
ll 1' link year also includes a i-onccri
by lu'ugcnc Isionuli. two music coll»
\lll‘lllllllls. a presentation by the
ltogcl' \Vdullf‘l' (‘liorzilo a faculty
(‘iillf‘fil and the annual Spimg (‘on-
(or!

Among .\lusic Council's aims is to

clinic an illicrcsi ill and .iii iippl'c—
('llilliill of music :iiffoiig .s‘uuc ('oi- initiation or l'ciiucsi in advance on
[pup giluliinlh “11d Hui ;\1111.|”](l11p_; l'l‘g’lhlilllllill. ltl‘yllsll‘llllllll lJlllllkH lll'l.‘
-.:i.iniuiuy 'lo llfi'llici' llii cnd llft- :l\zlifiiblc on the infer-Varsny
:‘ouncil will .. sisi lllc Albni'. :s‘xm- (‘hrisiuin l“cllo\\'slli|i bulletin board.
plioni ()l'iiicsii.i .ind ilic Albany and Ilicy must bc mailed to Miss
(‘nic Mush Association in pinsuiii- l.iulsi- l.iiilc. lei). No.2. Snooks

mo llil'li illlll‘ll'». lllll'lll‘,‘ llli' coin- Apis (‘iisllcloil-oli—tlic-l'lil(l5lili,

.s'elicdulc

Sine: the weekend is mtcl'dcnoln—
in.uional. alld students from any
icliglous background are welcome,
the schedule promises a varied pro—
gram for all. There will be time set
aside for getting acquainted, free
nou:~ l‘ll' inioriilal dlSciission. read—
ill}! and worship. as well as sched-
uicil bull sessions and three major
.idol'csses.

Hindi-ills who plan to travel to
(.‘amp l’llllldf'lf‘ by bus should first
.-oi.iiici the camp concerning trans-

n.u scisoii N Y

We made Wadi I

liy ’llu- Bystander

 

VVliili :«l.|ll‘.'\lll| ll .iiid l'lll)l)l|"l'lilllv- “'liy'.’
“5 1,1,. .,,,..ipn..1 Illl'x ioi :iud Khiush lu-v sll'csscd lllfll educa-
.icinn l sooiliciii whim. llilf'LllillHil. iion should :s'li‘css practical training
oilc man in illllllllil pull of llic for uscful work. Some Aiill‘I'lf‘uii ub-
woiid llil. ill.i<ii- .i siiiiiiicni (‘vll‘ .‘l‘l\ll" navc coinincfiicd tlilit iil
.mmm, 5.11....1, hid ~lllll|ll 'lilldi'i'll pro-icni. piolcssionul inch and eligi-

which. in llllil ‘.\lll sliiiuihiu ll nccl in iiiissiii have reached the

icioll lii Ila filiiliillllll *»\>~.il‘lll of .-urplus point. while there is u

if.- roomy. 1’lU’.\lllf! ~hoifaigc of ordinary "\vork-
cl‘h“

labor l‘or lhe Miii- Another iomnlcnialor advances

.’\n.ll.. lx’lilu fiilui. ml with no Ilic llll‘nll’\ iluii lllc followers of
llllllll-lf illilimill \\lllll lii‘ [olif ilu .'.l.ir\. .iri discontent with the pres-
Hm ml WWI“. Hg pp. 1.1..“ [oi the till i-diiiiulonsisicin They fear that
i\l iliiulluic of rho nations udu .i iduidficii for all is i'f'f‘illllli; all “e(l~
M,“  ll“, :icuii-d chic." one that is looking
down if host-.11 the factory and the
idim wol'kcr ii is hoped ilial by
If l.luil.|lll'» suspcnding education
lill iw. )l‘di'n, the children of ltils~
hit will foslcr ll strong ll‘l‘llllg for
ihc Slim. and that they will gladly
work for us iiilviiiicelilelir
No Sputnik llciulllues

Under the ncw jilil;.’l'illll. following While the present shake-up in
Wm years of Hlliiuilllli'. of chil- iiiissliin education has not as yet
onii. wuh then. cpuon oi llll‘ gut- i'iill‘w'fl if demand by the Aiiierieau
.-.i. would be li'lllllli'fl i.. \‘liil‘li lll ll piiblli for a greater “sputuiklzuig”
“from or on .i liiiin ioi two year.» of llic Aincl'iciin education system,
()iin fin-ll would they qualify for l'ihruslichm‘s licw pluli cannot be
higher “Intuition. A.-. :i noic. ciiil— ll'ifsllcd asiilc Only the future will
(lil‘li who would i-nd llll'li (‘illlf'.Ill|lll ull if the education-wol'k~i.~ducufioii
lollo\\lll.‘ cliihi \folh oi nyi'lli for pi‘ililliilll will adviini-c or retard Bus-
1 c Htulc would bc ill llll‘ llflccli .‘»l.lll cduciilioll ..ifit‘uliwlillt3. liliek
you old laliigc in llll‘ South!

Hdiipli. wlmi Klili.snilu\ lillllll‘fl
\\.i .l l'l‘y‘ﬁulllflll oi .rlllllifllll.‘ loi
liussidli Ihildicii lo.lowlli f‘li'lil
\i;iis oi f‘ll'llll’lflill\*.‘sl‘lUllllilly cdu-
t'illlflll l‘iiiil' ll) ll‘!:> i'liolluc. lliI'
lll‘llll‘lllll\ scconddiy prof-lain in
ltu shill si'lliifl luslid loi lcfi Mulls

 

