 

“Masts”.-. « comma...

 

PAGE 4

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER I4. 1958

 

eaten“; 

By RICHARD

Do you get eyestrain watching the
movies from the corners of Draper
349? Give your eyes a rest tomor-

NOTTINGHAM

6--5000." and “Chattenooga Choo
Choo." Louis Armstrong and Gene
Krupa are responsible for revital—

Senate Approves Yager Appointment; a
Acquires Swimming Facilities For Students:

Student Senate met in record time
Wednesday evening at 7:30 pm.
Appointment New Senator

First on the agenda was the ap-

the students and faculty with a spe-
cific statement that the committee
look into three areas: the Student
Faculty Corporation. the Medical

selecting a co-ordinator for fl
State College Revue. A final do
sion will be made next week.
after some due deliberation.
Announcements

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 14. 1958

IC Course Under Discussion;
Freshmen Express Opinions

By NANCY MIENTUS

The Introduction to College course
which this year's freshmen class is
required to elect is "designated to

PAGE 8

do get something from the meetings
we have . . . the text isn’t so bad; it
has its points  However. in
most cases. the next word that us-

row night! I.F.G. will present The izlng this immortal music in a jam Wintment and approval Of R Stu' 981’91“me“i'§.‘1‘d me Aflumnli Astslm 1
Glenn Miller Star in Pa, K i_ b. I . . I _ dent Senator from the Class of Clﬂthll.TlllS‘ ill was re error to ie t was announced that Stud. introduce the freshlnan to 0011mm“,
y ge rmd seselon “mm IS a “"8 uem‘ 1961. She is Brita Rehrig and sure Rules Committee of Senate. Assocuition has acquired lili'llll. acquaint him with the harm-e and uahy follows is the quanfyjng con-
purposes of liberal and professional junction BUT. and then again come

torium tonight at 7:30 pm. Not only
will there be enough seats to elim-

Biographical Tribute
“The Glenn Miller Story" is a

to do a good job of representing her
class.
First Reading Bill

Thus. we will soon have legisla-
tion in the area of “Services.” it
seems. Thought it might be more ap—

at the Central Avenue Bath Ho:
of Albany. Swimming will be p:
mitted for State College Silltli‘l

education, and to help him find
meaning in college and in life." or
so it says in the 1958-59 Catalogue.

those unfavorable comments.
Conclusion?
What are upperclassmen and fac-

 inate a seond showin . but the film - . v .~

 will be projected on Eime new cine-  millgjuctgiotfq tggnlgslggztlj Charles Fowler '60 then intro- propriate in another branch of gov- on Tuesday and Wednesday I".

: mascope screen. Come and see the w‘hcse Hiram”? mnamti‘ons ‘qnd duced a bill concerning student ernincnt. however. . . nings. beginning at 7:30 1).lll_ ( The. 1.0. experiment now has to ulty to conclude? That there is

i first film guaranteed to prevent eye- memo“. mambo“;19,1the‘“_m, to ‘One representation on the Student- (30--or(linat0r State (‘ollcge Revue yes—Tuesday evening for malv pass the test of usage until its perhaps a mutual agreement among

1 strain. ‘ ‘ Standing Committee of Senate as :1 Next. Senate nominated and coil- oiil_' and Wednesday evening is i practicability or possibly incffcc— the freshmen that nothingr compli-
liveness have been proven and mentary should be uttered about

 

See if; Hear Glenn

Very few State students have had
the opportunity to see and hear
Glenn Miller in person. Many of us
have enjoyed his recordings. how-
ever. and are familiar with their im-
pact during the thirties and early
forties. James Stewart stars as the
ambitious bandleader who strives to
win popula‘ acceptance of his radi-
cal style.

June Allyson portrays the cle-
voted wife who joins Miller in his
struggle for the recognition which
finally came with such arrange-
ments as: “Moonlight Serenade."
"Tuxedo Junction.” “Pennsylvania

of the most brilliant musical careers
in the last 50 years. His career was
ended prematurely when he lost his
life in an airplane crash during
World War 11.

Who [)un lt'.’

Valentine Davies and Oscar Brod-
ney. who wrote the sccript. have
made what could be a. trite success
story into an appealing and heart-
warming Scenario. Some liberties
have been taken in (ondcnsing
twenty years of his life into two
hours of film. but the result is an
honest and unforgettable movie.
Glenn Miller is not represented as a
genius or super-hero: melodrama is
conspicuously and gratefully abseiii.

 

 

 

The Greeks trying to avoid the
Christmas rush, are planning their
formal dinners early this year. They
are also holding open houses and
planning rush parties.

Kappa Delta

Rita Lesko '59. President of Kap-
pa Delta. announces a planned rush

Phi Delta

Donna Colby '60 was pledged to
the sorority Monday announces Sal-
ly Weeks ‘59. President of Phi Delta.

At the faculty buffet. David Sterl-
ing. Associate Professor of History.
was initiated as an honorary mem-
ber.

Sigma Alpha

means of communication between

  

sidercd several people in round to

A watch is to tell time

but without hands... A

you miss the whole idea of a watch

UIOOIIQOOOOOIOOOOGCIIOOOUIODIO

A cigarette is to smoke

but without flavor—you miss
the whole idea of smoking

When it comes to flavor

ed uca tional.

  
  
 

"e

 

bani"  -;

Clockwise. brothers of SLS, EEP, KB. and APA perform at annual Inter-Fraternity Smoker.

TOP TV—Tho Danll Slioro Chevy Show—Suriduy—NilC-TV and the Pot Boone Chevy Showroom~weekly on ABC-TV.

 

measured. And how will its achieve-
ment be giiagcd? Probably by re-
actions in the form of grade results
and the combined weight of the
criticisms of all interested pin-tics.
(.‘ommcnts

Iiitrested parties abound. Members
of the faculty and umierclassinen
appear sincerely interested in the
phases and effects of 1.0 They.
also. ask questions of the freshmen.
who are. of course. the most inter-
i-sled parties concerned.

These are some of the comments
they hear: “LC. is a wasle of time
. The text for the course. On
Becoming An Educated Person. has
nothing of value to offer us . . . '
is boring to read . . . it says things
we already know .  i am not
saying there have been on favorable
L'cliiiiiﬂith. On rare occasions, some
brave soul will offer: '"i'here are
some good things about 1.0. .

(9

I.C.? Or should they assume that
is a great deal of dissatisfaction
among most members of the Class
of '62 concerning the aspects of I.C.
as it now stands?

Certainly there are many reasons
for dissatisfaction. Last Friday’s
«veneral session brought out most of
these. One of the first things to con-
sider is the quality of the learning
atmosphere in Page Hall. Filled
almost to capacity. as it is during
I.C.. the crowded and cramped con—
ditions in Page make it difficult to
sit still for long periods of time.
let alone take notes and absorb some
knowledge from the content of a
speech which is being rapidly de-
livered. due to the short time left
to it after the vast hoards have fin-
ally scttled down. and the intro-
duction of the speaker and weekly
joke have been given.

We Forget

During group meetings, the gen-
eral sessions and text are discussed,
but in the ease of talking about the
lecture heard the previous week,
many things are forgotten and some
freshmen are too weary of the topic
to discuss the points of the lecture
again.

Room For Improvement

We all agree that there is room for
improvement in 1.0. What we dis-
agree on is what should be im-
proved aiid how this should be done

However, what is important is
that instead of merely talking about
it. an effort is made to correct and

party for freshman women tomor- Those pledng to Sigma Alpha I I

mw at 3 pm- Monday evening were: Patricm improve the situation. By January

psi Gamma Gmlgo' Maria Testai Nam-V Wz‘gnerl s w a s the Administration will probably

. Jumors; Lame Atwoud' Noreen have some changes of its own to
make in 1.0. Now is the time for
the. student body (not only the

Co—chairmen of formal dinner are
Mildred Pasek and Eve Gilbert.
Juniors. announces Jane Cass '59.
President of Psi Gamma.

Chi Sigma Theta

Teresa Kerwin '60. Vice-President
of Chi Sigma Theta. states the ap-
pointment of Grace Barbieri and
Katherine Tartaglia, Juniors. as Co—
Chairinen of formal dinner.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Monday evening the brothers of
Alpha Pi Alpha will be the guests of
honor at a coffee hour given by Sig-
ma Phi Sigma. announces Susan
Goldfarb '59. Pl'L‘rlCli‘lli.

Gamma Kappa Phi

Gamma Kappa Phi will have a
coffee lioiir with Potter Monday at
8:4?) l).lil.. slates Joan Anderson '59.
President

Bradt. Louellen Jones. Noreen Noo-
nan. Beatrice Smith. and Patricia
Tidgewell. Sophomores.

Irene Pogonowski ‘59. President of
Sigma Alpha. announces the chair-
men for formal dinner are: Charlene
Miller '59. Programs; Donnalee An-
derson. Entertainment; Elizabeth
Browne. Flowers; Mary Montville.
Arrangements; P a u l i ii e Oathoiu.
Clean—up; Dolores Van Valkenburg.
Transportation; Sandra Zitko.. Dec-
orations. Juniors.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

The Sigma Lambda Sigma house.
locali'fl at  South Lake Avenue.
will be open to State students Sun-
day from 4 to 7 p.in.. announces
.lohii C(h'f'ii  President.

The Open House will feature Zili'll
(.‘lt'lllL‘lltS and his hand.

There will also he a date poi")
tonight at 8:30 pm. for lhe broth-
(‘i'h

 

Try our WHIMI’Y . . .

2 Hamburgers, Melted Cheese. Lettuce &

 

 

gp front
that counts

 

 

 

 

"Hull: urouml llw cur llml's (ill-round lll'lf' . .

DRIVE A '59 CHEW

 

Ilu'n be our gum! for u pleusure lest—-

 i

freshman class: to exert its influ-
ence by letting those in charge of
this course know our opinions and
suggestions for improvements that
()(’('Ul‘ [0 US.

“W/u’le 74a
6013 rqwatf . . .”

it is with teziry eyes and
heirts in our throats that we
must say. not good-bye. but an
revoir to four members of the
S'l.i'l‘l£ (‘(ll.l.li(il£ NEWS who
left us yesterday for far-away
['l e».

liouerer. cheer-up. they shall
return! They have left for the
Associated (‘ollegiale Press (‘on-
\‘1‘Htl0ll in Chicago, there to
learn many new and fascinating
things. They will. we are sure.
soon come back to us with the
knowledge to make us better
students. citizens. and perhaps
e.eii teachers.

The above has all been a se—
ries of termiiiolog‘icallnexueti—
(rules. but we were forced by eer—
tiin parties nameless in the fu-
ture. but heretofore referred to

 

Tomatoes. Mayonnaise. on Toasted Bun
(’00 One look at this '5‘.) (‘lievy tells you lo 1.12 lllf'lli‘.\ llllll'l' room in front. lo pi-r ei-iil more miles par gallon. it‘amhlﬁl  :gnshiegtfﬁf
here's n car with a whole new slunl Ilil iin'ln-s in lnirlx I. 'lH'l ill" li'lll'lr'“ -\“‘l. “l "“H'V‘W 3"” “’“l “MM-V ' u...“
  E . (m driving-I you si-o lln- lynllsliil'lllir like «onil‘orl ol‘ (\In-yyvs new inlv— lj/ui: (.lass‘ all around in l‘\'('l"_\' 'Ml-v‘vruwlmh‘ H is with great
ow n lion in its low-sol lll‘iilllltllllh'. the rim, i'\.]Ii'l'll‘lH‘i‘ lln- liiisliml iron: llli‘H‘Ull‘l- NHI’ l’." NW" ili'illi‘l'h “p.351”... “ml m. “nnmmw “mt
l‘l"”"”"“ 1"” ll'“ H” “MI 5 they have left. which leaves us

iiuillily of its l'llli' li‘liuli'i' of and _
\linpml lo llli’ new Ann-rii‘nn lurile! h“. u, A“ [0 "mm," by our-
sixties and . . . oh well.

“\(‘l'lll'iill curve ol' iis \\'lll1l>llli'l(l.
lln' slim-ii ol' ils Maple .\|irror lllllrill
.‘l new acrylic lui'qin-r that ilm’>
away with waxing and polishing
for up lo lliri-i- your.»

iniprmml l‘lllll (‘oil or )Jl'lllli'l"ll|ill|*
Mei" l.t‘\l‘l .\ii' ~ii>|wnsion 1. (line
)iili'l'i' (Ill lllt‘ liliiil Mill‘ll lllﬁi‘1|\(‘l'
>lll‘ll linsii' lll‘lll'lll.\ .‘is liippz-I', lll‘lli‘l'
liol lo discover all that's I'i'i-sli coolml lil‘.‘ll\i'.\ llial l.'|\l‘ owr .‘Hl':

Teacher Training
inl llllt‘ )oil iiiiisl relax in l'lnwrw loniu-r lil_'i-.Vin“\v was) rnlio sir-rriiip _ .
It‘ll”) l‘iiiillili‘l' lilhl)‘ ll) l"l:~lll‘l Ill]! .‘illil ii lll‘vllll'lll ti llliil twin ill] lo  

John Deluny. Director of 'l‘eacher
l’llii't‘llll‘lll. Shiv Unirersuy Teach-
ers College. ()ncoiila. will be at [he
 .. . .  r  ‘ (‘ollepe lo llllt'i'\'lc\V 1959 degree

candidates i‘oiii'ei'lllilg the intensive
teacher training program ieleinen—
lary eilutullolll through summer ses—
sion attendance interviews will be
at the College Tuesday from 10 am.

'l’lillllllill ii. i/Iii .usi.

sir-Es;

209 Central Avenue Corner of Robin

 

 

      

A R T K A l’ N E R

"Your State insurance Man”

Up front in Winston is

FILTER-BLEND
That’s why

 

 

 

 

see your local authorized Chevrolet dealer for quick apiiiraisal—early delivery!

 

 

 

ALL TYPES of iNSURANCE
I“ ii 1 . ,

6 c) at L 5 1471    l L Anyoli‘ile interested in this pro-
.L" 5‘  .- ' ' "i . lass  l ' ‘i.
7 W I“ Albanh N Y- like a Cigarette should! . - 23211221111531:‘mt‘tiiaﬁet‘ieifé“8éiii

a- Room 101.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

