 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

I Q s
;

 

The members of Sigma Alpha sorority are now installed in their
new house at 283 Western Avenue.

Gamma Kappa Phi Sigma Lambda Sigma

Joan Anderson '59, President, an- Sigma Lambda Sigma fraternity
nounces that the Gamma Kappa Phi will hold a (late party tomorrow at
Juniors will hold a party for the Thacher Park, announces John
Sophcrnores Monday. Mugs are C..ccn '59. President. Arnold Roth-
requlredl stein 'th, Vice-President, is Gen-
Beta Zeta cral Chaiitnan for the eyent.

Shirley McGuirl '61 was elected Aipbi I’i Alpha
Sports Captain, announces Theresa Alpha Pi Alpha fraternity will
Vitale ‘59, President. move into its newly purchased
Sigma Alpha in )US‘ at. 13:3 South Lake Avenue.

Sigma Alpha sorority has recently according to Frank Kiivo ’(Iti. Presi-
moved into its new residence at 283 dent. SillLC meals will not be served
Western Avenue, according to from until the seconrl semester, there will
chonowski ’59. President. be living conditions for 32 men.

Testing Service
Reports Dates
For Law Exam

The Educational Testing Service’s
Law School Admission Tests will be
given four times this year at more
than one hundred centers through-
out the United S'..ttes on the morn-
ings of November 8. February 21,
April 18. and Augtst 1.

Application

Candidates must make separate
application for admission to each
law school of his choice and should
in tine of each whether it. wishes
him to take the Admission Test and
when. Usually, candidates for ad-
mission to next year's class are ad-
\ised to take either the November
or the February test.

ii'formation

‘lhe Admission Te.-.t features ob-
J‘rcctive questions measuring verbal
apt.tudes and reasoning ability
rather than acquired information.
S. mple questions and information
iegarding registration for and ad-
'.illl]lSLl'i1l.i()n of the test are given
in a Btulctin of information.

Graduate Examinations

’lhe Service also administers tests
tl.at are required of applicants for
admission to a number of graduate
shools. It will be given on Novrm-
ber 15, January 17, April 25. and
July 11.

Again. the candidates should in-
ruire oi the school of his choice
which of the exams he should take
and when.

Registration

A Bulletin of Information and
icgistration procedures for the tests
liiii',‘ be obtained from Educational
Testing Service, 20 Nassau Street,
Princeton. New Jersey.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 26. 1958

 

‘7/te @uldiJe Wade!

By The Bystander

Universities and colleges through-
out the World are frequently refor-
md to as "ivory towers." institutions
where a person may find refuge
from the hustle and bustle of the
world about him. and devote four
or more years of his existence to a
study of the ancients and the inas-
ters of knowledge.

Note Alliteration

Delving deeply into his studies,
our world-shunner frequently loses
:if. ht «.1' ti.e rta by bt‘yond t..e walls
cf Draper. this is where thi; par-
ticular column enters the codegiate
picture at State. It is our inttntion
to brtak away iron the frequent
strdious atmosphere at the college
--to climb down from our "ivory
f:w. so I 51)(‘ii.(, and to talze a
(ll1i(‘.{ glance at the world about us.

lionruer. the intention of "The
Octside World" should not be mis-
construed. We do not plan to serve
as a State Collegi- 'l‘ime magaztne;
lather, we intend to discuss some
.f the news behind the news some
of ill‘ worlii's happenings winch do
not ma..c the front pages of the
n.orc literate newspapers.

'ine Intention
At times we hope to amuse you.

Sauers Announces
Lockers Available

Richard J. Sun's. Assistant Pro-
fess-r of Pii_\'.:l':tl Education. an—
n nee; that tucrc ais a number
of ,ockcrs now availiolr- for both
men .rnd women.

’I'lio e student. will :ii'” Withtilll
locker facilities and \‘.l.\il t.) rent
i.;cin .ilrlliii t'.ll.’.it‘i Suiicrs during
lc rvr ho'ns V‘.’~.liicsrl.xy mornings
l: viii 1:) a in t. 1;! limit The locker
it nt .1 it’.‘ in $2l;t).

incl at times we hope to raise your
1.; enough so that you will per-
..i,;, cuntspcnu with us via the
editor‘s mailbox. No attempt shad
be made on this writer's side of the
page to shield personal opinion, and
we shall expect criticism—pro and
con. .

Incognito
As for my anonymity, call it ego-
tism if you desire. There is no ac-
.;;.:‘. i-.is..n for it. A few of you.
.,.r n a .~lip of the tongue (or
a ready know my identity.
. . .-., a ct )l. your information as a
cit-t between usmat least for two
a lhi'ct‘ more columns.

‘.‘/r ll, tfie mechanics are explained.
l). t'illi l down from your ivory tow-

' n.'.~.t l-xidav morning for a peek
1; Le "Outside World."

Music Groups
Need Singers

Tire Music Department of“ State
gilt-re announces that it needs
:ingers for some of its groups

The Women‘s Chorus will meet
.‘ onday and Thursday at noon;
ih- Collegiate Singers, Wednesday
.n.l Friday at noon.

statesmen and (‘horalettes

Airoiie who is interested in sing-
.ii; with the Statesinen or Choral-
‘.:-'; is asked to contact Karl A. B.
i t'rson, Associate Professor oi
.‘.'.uaic, in Richardson 390. or attend
lt‘.2t‘tll':ilih’. 'lbe Statesmen rehearse
linsriiy cycnings at 7:30 and the
(‘hoz'alcttcs Tuesday at noon.

 

THEY SAID IT COULDN'T BE DONE - our room’s L&M GIVES vou-

 

    

  

Four field goals in one game
by a man who'd never kicked
one before! Bobby Conrad
himself said, "I never kicked
a field goal in high school or
college. In fact, i never even
tried." But the amazrng Texas
A&M back broke two All Star
records by booting iour three-
pointers, including one for 44
yards, as the 1958 college
stars upset the Detrort tions,
35 to 19. Conrad is now a
Chicago Cardinal,

 
     
       
       
       
      

clubs Lemur 62 Minus TUIJAL'tIt/ to.

   

ii 1.. r
I in. HJIIAIJQ (.0

live Moderii ﬂavor!

 

DON’T SETTLE FOR ONE WITHOUT THE OTHER!

Change to L“M and get ’em both. Such an improccrl filter and more Iris/c! Better
taste than in any other cigarette. Yes, today's IJM combines these two essentials
of modern smoking enjoyment—less Lars and more taste—in one great cigarette.

   
  

   
 

/" 

 

f

a .

1‘

wax'o.»%.ﬂt.

|

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 26. 1958

PAGE 5

 

 

Garciamen Face FDU in Bleecker Opener Tomorrow;
Rookies, Promising reshmen Replace Lost Veterans

   
 

"W *  east. 

   

as

    

RACE YA FOR THIS ()NIC: Lou llelsignore, Gus Tillman and Ilank Boehning, beginning their final
year of varsity soccer, romp across Bleeker Field in anticipation of tomorrow's opener.

Sauers Summons
Diamond Ta/enf

An innovation in the Fed sports
scene this year came about as the
fall Scene was marked by the sound
of bats and balls smacking in min»

‘. 
and gloves in Bleecker Stadium.

As the AMIA football league swings into full gear on The I‘M-SUI} loathe sudden turn to
Monday, Kappa Beta will again assume their perennial  ambsxl‘l‘gg"My: \‘x’inmgﬁf
lime as Sponers- Thls year. howevel‘v they appear to have come an annual week of fall base—
a much stronger team and Captain Phil Shepherd has ball practice.
assured this writer that KB will cause plenty of trouble Aunf’lflnmtnly fulfill: il';tiw’ivllllillillllIzl‘
especially for defending champions. Potter Club. Sigiigl‘vé‘fﬁ’t“:)‘Iiumhg’1mRiflforfmfl‘ly

Returning backﬁeld men, ’l‘ony Corcella and Bump for Ped Baseball («lacuna-k Silllt'l's
LaValle, will make tip the nucleus of the team. Bill llolm lowlftuftt‘1'l‘ 1'11“: Illitlt‘lllul that Will
and Garry Lynch are being counted on to ﬁll the two “1‘” “m ”‘ “‘ Wm“
halfback slots and Sherwin Bowen will be operating from
one of the wing positions along with John Eckelman. The
middle of the line will be ﬁlled in by Steve Hoover, Phil
Shepherd and Jerry Mitchell while the defensive team will
be bolstered by Joe Gilbert, George McGaughey and Tom
Rourke. Although this team will be rather weak in reserve
strength, they are sure to carry away many laurels.

From The Sports Desk: Soccer, off—campus teaching
and a number of misplaced houses are hampering APA
this season. These reasons and the loss of 7 of last year's
starting 9 has left doubt in many minds as to whether
APA can ﬁeld a strong team in the AMIA league where
they are usually championship contenders. Look for
2 or 3 Bluejays in the starting line-up for the varSIty
soccer team tomorrow. . . . Support the Pcds.

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave.
Near Washington Ave
2 BARBICRH
We Aim To Please

 

From This Vantage Point:
KB Battles For
League Laurels

By JIM DOUGHEK’I‘Y

 

iieraiti Drug (To.
‘317 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

l’lione ti-Iitiltl

 

ATTENTION AI’AR'I‘Ml‘JN'l‘ DWELLERS
# IlIlCAI. 'l‘lt‘KIC'I‘S —
$5.50 value for $53.00
Good ()1in After 3 PM.

it A Y If I. (l W If R
:30!) Central Avenue
GOOD FOOD, REASONABLE PRICES

tain a refund

._ v... w—m

 

 

Q PedsOutToAvengeSetback,

Squad Shows New Strength

By DAVE MILLER

A light workout is expectel to
mark the final day of preseason
practice this afternoon as the Pcds
prepare for their 2:30 pm. opener
at Bleer-ker Stadium against Far—
lci‘h Dickinson tomorrow

Facing the Lenin that beat them
by a 2-1 s-ore last year. coach .10:

Horse Sense,
None—Sense

"l'was the night before the
trots and all through the pub
no: a bookie was betting on a
hr r e that would flub. The bar-
llys were hung by their Iled—
rick~ with care in bones that a
winner would soon be there.

Man. now there‘s some square
jibe! But speaking of squares.
I've been told that about a cool
quintet of geometric figures is
liguring to invade the premises
up here at Saratoga tomorrow
night and it‘s enough to cool my
cat. bucket. I’robably will cool
their briail baskets, too. (‘an't
see why they don't stay at State
and stand in book lilies instead
of standing in front of the two
dollar window. ’l‘bese intelleets
are supposed to have more
brains than the average "books,"
but then they may be re‘illy
lucky. Tell you more about it
next week after their day at the
track. Hope they don‘t bet on
me. man, I'm a real loser!

Garcia's golden boys wil take the
field with a hiahly revamped line-
up. Gone from the backfield will be
All-American Carl Maxson and iii-
jured Merle Miller: from the linz,
the Pcds loose Bobby Barker and
Warren Dunham. Paul Daminer, an-
other backfield man. will also be
missed by everybody but the oppo-
sitioii.
I'ppcrclassmcn sbinc

There are some freshmen to llliikt’
up for this, however. and a pair of
upper classmen who stord rct lll a
scrimmage last week. Lou Wolner.
a sophomore from Homer. New
York. has shows the effect of pm"-
ticc and has nll'tJIL’, possibilities of
puking lus presence felt on the
field. Marty Borko made some good
plays in that game and as the Fed
attack clicked Frank Fallace came
on with an as it on a goal scored
by Ed Koubcck. Ed is a senior who
comes from Long Island with Fat-
liicc. a sophomore who also lives on
the sandbar.

Playing mos: of the scrinnna [-
game was a freshman. Dan Hull.

and along with him. Russ Ut‘lle‘ll-
bergcr and Franz Zwickelbauer
Either or both may be ill the star’-
ing lineup tomorrow

(il\'lll‘_‘ Huff (itiiiijit’llilJII for lii‘

wing bilili may be Dore Colbl'rn.

who showed some got-(i play in the

~anic scrimmage. ’l‘he fro~h were

backed in the came by thr- ex “ r -

ence of surh men as lou IJt'lsl‘ I or",

a back who, along with Gus 'l'il.-
man. co-r-aptains the team.

O-OP

R C T U ii hi S POLICY

No full refunds on Text Books will be made
after Wednesday, October 1, 1958.

You MUST have the adding machine tape
‘ ' "’ 'ﬂ ‘_ AN I) your cash register receipt in order to oi,-

Books which show excessive use or have been
written in will be accepted for return ONLY at
Catalogue Used Book prices.

 

 

ALI. Ul’l’lilt(‘l.ASSllllCN AtilthIC!
It’s CENTRAL VARIETY
Molding Hooks
Paints

Clothes Driers
Study Lamps
Contact l’apci‘
()Vi.?l'*Ult‘rDt)ili‘ Hangers

Special Discount for State Functions

313 Central Avenue Itclow Quail Street

 

 

The (lo-op wishes to take this opporunity to
THANK YOU for your patience and cooperation
during the book rush.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
l

 

