 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 21. 195B

 

 

Party, Party . . .

Long ago and in another country, the idea of political
parties on campus was brought up as a possible answer to
student lack of interest in government. Last Wednesday in
Senate, the ﬁrst political party at State came into exist-
ence with the passing of the constitution of the Fed Politi-
cal Party.

Basically, the idea of political parties is good, and the
aims although at times a bit idealistic, of the Ped group
are worthwhile and necessary. However, there are a few
deﬁciencies in this system not altogether attributable to
the Fed party.

First, is the obvious one that the Fed party is the
only political party on campus. We ﬁnd it hard to imagine
any great campaigns with only one party on campus. Who
are they going to campaign against? You can always
campaign for your nominees, but without some other politi-
cal slate to compete against, we’re afraid elections will be
as dull as in the past.

We’re not necessarily in the muck-racking class, but
we’d like to see a little action this coming February.

Next comes the almost unbearable thought, that even
if we had two political parties what issues could they differ
on to make people vote one slate 01' the other? Actually
the problem here is not getting political parties to arouse
interest, but a concrete issue to talk about at election time
to make people feel they want to vote!

The one thing that the Fed party has done that is
gratifying is to recruit members that have not before open-
ly participated in government. This fact should not be
overlooked in the ﬁnal evaluation of a political party.

One will remember every freshman class has at least
a dozen people running for each ofﬁce. Perhaps this can
be attributed to mere glory-seeking, but we are sure there
are better reasons than this.

As the classes progress through the years, nominees
for ofﬁces become fewer and fewer, ultimately culminating
in ten candidates for ten positions. We offer no solution
to this problem that is new or diﬁerent.

It has been proved by Ped Political Party that if people
are asked to participate in government, they will. Un-
fortunately in our present government, if you are elected
in your freshman year you have it pretty well made to be
elected to ofﬁces the rest of your college career. PeOple
often get tired running for ofﬁces they know they won‘t
be chosen for—and we really can’t blame them.

With the advent of political parties, a whole new area
student participation in government has been opened. This
has been proved by the members of the Fed group. We
feel that this in itself is an accomplishment which is worth
noting even if neither another political party nor election
issues are discovered.

Co/lege Calendar

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 21
9:00 am. Forum's ilock UN. Security Council. Brubacher.
10:00 pm. Wintcrludc, Van Curler Hotel. Schenectady.

 

 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER :32

1:00 pm. Sorority conflict pili‘tli‘S.

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2::

3:00 pm. North and South Park Open House.
6:00 p.m. USCA meeting. Brubacher.

MONDA Y. NOVEMBER 24

9:00 am. Fraternity iipperciassmen bids issued, Student Personnel
Office.
3:00 pm. Freshman womeii meeting on :(il'oi'iillJS Draper 349.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF lQIB

 

Second Place ACP
No. 26

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIlI
Member» oi the NEWS ..1 ill .i..i. in imiiroti 'l-ic lid'. .iliciioioi. lio;n 'f to .i pin,

iinil 'l’iic-idii‘. iiiiif Vy!‘l'i.l‘.(iil\ i..gi.i fioin 'l ‘o it pm ii' 1 till}, i‘;\il'li..lilfl ll l'iioiii..
l".t/.puiiok J liil'ili, lmulihcii'. .3 illi'l i‘.|.l. o: Iiiiii

November 21, liloli

'i'hc iiliilclgioiliiiilc iii“»»j,.ipci of the N: A ‘r'oik Siiile ('oilcgo for 'icmiii-in,
published t'.l‘i‘, Friday of Ho» (,‘oiiivge ‘,t‘ill n; the NEWS Hoard for it”; Home,“
Ahsociiilmn

MARY H'i'ZI'A'l‘Rli‘K
MARLKNIL AifhliitMAN
(.‘AILUL AL'l‘lC - A
DAVID “CLIJMAN r
MARY ELLEN JOHNSON
MARTHA LESICK -
JAMES lilirllljh‘ll -
ELIZABETH Sl'l‘lNi‘i‘Jt (“Wynn Bum”
MONICA 'l‘ltASKl'S - r . . , ‘hmcmh.’ “1””
JOHN QUHtK - - - - - r . . rum“, “Mum.” “an!”
JAMES DOL'GHLR’I'Y r - - . . . (W spur“ nan."
JOHN LEWIS » - , (.wslmr” mm”
“anti”. “"31",. Consultant Sports Editor
GRACE ENUELS H““unouﬁwimnw Ham"
I'HU'I'OUHAI'HY 51.“. (‘uucuu Hm“ strum

Ail communlcations should in: ltiiiifih’mirti to the editor and n.u.~.t be .ilKlltHi Names
will be Withheld on request The H'lA‘lE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed ill li.-. columns or commiiiiicatioiis, or. :ill- n expie.-.sion.~. do not

noiomarliy reflect its vluwr.
«we

l'.dltui~lii-(.‘hief

Manning Editor

Huston-ion Advertising l‘lilitor
- Associth- l'.dltoi
Associate [Editor

Associate Editor

.huut'ilﬂc Editor

 

Refurns

The results of last week's
Campus Chest Drive have been
announced. '1‘ o t a l collections
amounts to $648.48 according to
Nancy McGowan and Catherine
Antonucci, Juniors

 

 

 

QWm-‘cftimd

To the Editor:

To the delight of all concerned, I
see that the News has again failed
to do any reporting on its own. But
with this usual lack of information
you have shot 06 your pen. In the
last three weeks, there have been
two big trips to Dippikill. The
Recreational Leadership went up to
look over the property and try to
develop some ideas for its use, and
thirty freshmen went up last week
to see what they have to look for—
ward to. Without reservation, they
all had fun; they were all for the
development of the camp; and they
all wanted to come back.

There are meetings at Bru every
Wednesday night at 7:30 where
Camp Board holds open meetings.
Why don't you send a reporter lif
the News has oilel to find out what
is going on? Perhaps they can plan
a trip for News Board. I‘m sure
that there are plenty of people who
would be willing to take you into
the woods.

 

Sincerely.
Steve Jacobson '59

To the Editor:

A rather unusual meeting took
|)]ilt(' ll few nights ago. and I
thought that it might be of interest
to the readers of the i'tatc (‘ollege
News.

I was on business in Istanbul dur-
ing the last ten days. and was in-
vited to attend the US. Marine
Corps Birthday Ball at the Istanbul-
Hiltoii Hotel. During the early part
of the evening I looked around and
was most. astonished to find a very
familiar face. Tush Barber '56.
former Campus Queen and My-
skiinia chairman. was standing be-
hind iiie. equally amazed.

Tilin is now teaching in Istanbul
and is very happy to be there. It
is it most interesting city, and she
is teaching in an American school.

It seems as if the world is really
as small as they say! Istanbul is a
most unusual place for it chance
meeting and I shall never scoff at
the cliche again.

Hoping that my encounter will be
of interest to you. and wishing you
a most succcssftil year, I remain.

Sincerely yours,

Nancy ’l‘riyers “'

.)ii

To the Editor:

l ilii\i‘ just read your editorial
’l‘\' or Not ’l‘\' in the October 31
issue of thc Shite (‘olleg'e News. As
it former State College student who
worked i'xiciislt'i'ly m the television
project, i feel that there are many
people who will not i'c;ili/.t‘ the
value of tcleiisioii as an educational
aid.

ii i may i would like in ilSi'. '.cn
a few (jlll‘SLlHilS.

i“ll'Si, do you honestly hcheie that
wliiie you are teaching there will
only be one classrooni-sim-d group oi
.tiidcnls in your charge? Doesn't it.
seem logical that. statistics are dis—
pi'mliig iliis iissliiiipiioii i‘lgiil. now".J
Mimi/maul on I‘m/i l, clump,”

 

Warm

All graduate students and
Seniors who are majoring in
Science are requested to sign
up in the Student Placement
Office for an interview with
(‘linton J. Roberts. Director of
the Placement Bureau.

Interviews will be conducted
for Science majors next Monday
and ’l‘ucsiuy, and up to noon
Wednesday. Regardless of future
plans it is necessary that regis-
tration be completed before
graduation Registration in-
cludes being interviewed.

   
 

 

 

(GM! (ape/rd .

By Barbagelata and Gebhardt

Well gang. the two most inspired suppose they had to find soincih
writers on campus are here again good to say about this dull series
to review that joke of mass enter- unhygenic blood transfusions.
tainment, Albany movies. Why must MADISON
we be cruciﬁed on a screen of silver? The Ten Commandments a. y.

appearing in Albany for the i
STRAND __ time. You have all seen it so 

Housemat—‘Cary Grunt (Bally should we waste time tellinc
Fitzgerald's older brother) and so- about, it ~
phia Loren star in this two bit PALACE
mov1e 190 cents in Albany). Giiai- The Last “umm__.rm [Mm 
anteed to ﬂoat your heart away on (“moment You my] V H . ‘

I., .' I , . . . i ,ouisell on
waves of laughter. This M. 18 the , u . _‘ , H

. . . , . bandwagon of Frank Skellmni

biggest joke we heard Since Giano- voter,“ olmchn ,1 1 , 1.‘ I

fell downstairs in her wheel- . ‘l p ‘. “‘u 5”“ "'l
 thrill and excitement. of ii ti
“‘m‘ political campaign. We doubt t.
RITZ strongly that Hollywood will be .-

Monstcr on Campus—A test-tube to butcher this book, all-iiolltih
terror strikes fear into the hearts of are positive that they will be ill
college students. Don‘t worry! It their best.
could never appen here: small Second on the bill is Apache ‘1.
state colleges can't even afford their ritory.
own monsters. In passing. our weekly word

The second attempt at a shocker wisdom is: when you get Him:
is Blood of the Vampire. Billed as Milne observations. watch in. 3 ‘
being ﬁlmed in Eastman Color. We show. it's more true to life.

 

’6‘.
K/
_ Z, 
 r w/
..../ / /
“CC V»
,7 up
 law
9,: I // (/1 J
/ // 2/ i
(z /
V4  .
9:17" i

 l

"These bluejays are getting too big for their iii-itclies!”

 

Gammon - Slates

By ()RMSBEE and OLIVO

 

   

“Why: then 'tis none to you. for there is nothing either good or bad
but thinking makes it so." Shakespeare

(‘OMIC NEXT CHRISTMAS . . .

’l‘hanksgiving vacation is upon us at iiini: once ti:,;ii|i do we ni;o..:
to gorge ourschcs upon honest-to-goodness ll().\ll‘.‘ ('(HHUN! \\'z- .i.
met at the train. bus. or car. are puniiiielled and Shrink, exelnnn id mi
and about all the way homc. Dazl even carries the suitini-c so III-Ii
windineg weighted with texts that we don‘t quite net to use .\l-l:
l'iiSilCS us into the kitchen even before we alight, and iic:'.iii.\ to .3
and feed us between cries of "Oh. you‘re so thin," and “Hon hiii'd \oll
must have been working!"

liy this time. liiid. strained by the suitca c and bi iiic lill'liliillllli‘l
that his favorite chair, car. and pocketbook will i)l".\UUll oil-rwoiku:
h.ii'ruinphs that "Those. marks never came from someone grealli o\ci'
worked." Mother soothes. "Now, dear. Joe's hardly home, and \ou'ii-
at him already," and presses another hall-chicl-Len .illti :1 third lllliiil I:
mill: upon us “Gosh, Mai." we sigh. “it's good to lie home," (piuc :llo”
lied by all this attention and food. So does liic \acnlion seith liiilr
grenl. round of eating ilicii sieepine olf ilic sui'liil. calim Llf'iilli :ii»
going out. just to get. il\\fl_\' from living obliccd to con lililt' the ‘oi i'
ipinntiln-s of food that our dear. \H'll~liit'iiiilii'..', Mother loi t. upon us

Hill. alum, ()ili' idyll is too soon o\ci'; we lliilh'l "cl haici‘. to the bowl:
the ~lIid\. the themes. We have also to catch up on the woik that w
neglected o\cr the vacation. And so. we aie sped lo the li'.illl, but» Ir!
car. Mother bravely waves lls oll with It ercnl pin-knee oi 'iuilill‘h i‘liliili3
ouile i'eheicdlv shakes hands with us. slyly slipping .lil li-Lllil 'liiii' lift
out moist. lalted pnlni. "(ind Bless them both, the dcurs.“ we limit:
and settle cxliauslcdly into our coach's cushions. while \1 ions oi chit-i
masses dance in our heads.
“'lN'l‘l'lRLl'lil'I

Slrnms oi Bach's Mass in H Minor. oisicrlnnd J.I//. .ino Iaiiol (LII! ‘1
strange grunliiigs hate been iil‘ii\lliiii‘.; .dmo plate loi oi.c of [ill iiio'
crowded hallways in the woild Here is it "oni in .i hiclimc.’ Hill‘l'
ccdcntcdiy economical offer to buy lli'iit'in for oirc ol Hidii" ii.iniii.ihli
social went. The i)tlli(i is grand. ihc jil‘iic is lli'ili .liili theic .nc iiil‘
oi lrcc and reasonable iiii'ls dying to danci- (‘oinc on Iiil'll. lililicnd and
assert yoili'sclycs. the event. highlighting the i«'.ill .1... in] season i.n|
:llt all painful. and the Van Curler is the gi'i'nlcsl Hope to we ‘.«I|l .ill
vil‘I‘l‘.
l'l"S 'l‘llA'l‘ PHANTOM AGAIN

Willic sitil‘l'yliig through the dismal iiiiiiv, wc happened upon .on.«
black and gold. i'ii('(.'(il)ii—i.‘\'(‘.ti this When we asked them what liiiil
nervous twitches and blackscirclcd eyes. they rephiil that they had been
awake all night trying to catch a prowlcr 'iilc \ioiildlic prowler'.‘ it
flapping television antinniic 'l‘oo bad. girls! lictiei luck next time.
(llilu‘l'lli CALENDAR Stil’l"i'l.l£lt AT LAST

Conflict over conliicts has occurred among the lady (licci-Ln lli their
party plans. Now that this has been settled, lhc cit-hem may bci'lII
their own conflicts as they decide which houses to go to Saturday. and
which friends to walk with We are sure that. both ii'lh-ii and Scilol'lH
ljil‘iS Will welcome tiic 'l'hiiiilisgiving vacation it should eiie eiciyonc
a chance to tliliik more ohjectiicly before making then lnfal decisions.
Question of the Week? V

What are you borrowing for Whiterlcwd???

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER

SenateDownsCommit’reeBilI;

Reviews Ped Political Party

By JOAN CALI

Student Senate meeting was call-
ed to order Wednesday evening
at 7:30 pm. by the Vice-President.
Grace Nesbitt.

Constitution-Pod Political Party

First on the agenda was the re-
viewing of the Constitution present.~
ed by a group on campus known as
the “Fed Political Party."

Membership in the party is open
to all members of Student Associ-
ation who can pay an annual fee
of one dollar.

Third Reading Bill

The third reading of :i bill intro—
duced by Senator Charles FOWN‘l‘
'60 was presented. This bill provid-
ed that the President. of Student
Association appoint ii standing coin-
mittee out of Senate. known as a
Services Committee to act as ii
means of i'omiiilliiiculioii to students
in regard to the following areas:

1. Faculty-Student Corporation.

2. Alumni Association.

3. Medical Seivice.

4. School Physical Facilities.

The bill was defeated by ii vote
of 9-12—2. Probably because it was
against the philosophy of Student
Government.

Letter of Resignation

A letter of resignation by Senior

Senator Jay Cohen was read and

Park House Opens
Doors To State

Sunday from 3 to 5 pm. there will
be .t combined open house held |'_‘.'
North and South Park Houses, .in-
nounees Angela Montebelio “30,
President.

Margaret Morgan ‘60 is in charge
of the refreshments that Will be
served.

Inter—Sorority Council has de-
clared it. permissible for sorority
women to speak to freshman women
during this event. although silent
period is in effect.

 

accepted. Any suggestions for an
appointment will be greatly appre—
ciated. . . .

Senate then went on to select a
Co-ordinator for the State College
Revue to be held on March 13, 1959.
Senate’s choice was Mildred Boyd
'60. Congratulations, Terri!

Barbara Vans ‘59. Chairman of
the Senate Rivalry Committee, re—
ported that rcrommendations for
Rivalry have been drawn up and
considered.

A L’tililllltlllit'11il()ll from Plymouth
College asking that four represent-
atives from State be sent to the
College in accordance with an “in-
ter-visitation program" to Senate.

It seems that they have not for-
gottcn us after our polite refusal of
such it program last spring. Maybe
they huVe grown in the meantime.

Silenl Periods

Slarl Tomorrow

Freshman women are requested to
attend ii meeting Monday at 3 pm.
in Draper 3-19 designed to inform
illitil about silent period, formal
dinner. and preference cards. .in-
nounccs Jane Cass  President. of
Inter—Sorority Council.

Silent Period

Silent. period begins at  pm. to-
morrow. 1t mtcnds throughout
'l‘hiiiiksgiving vacation and ends
December 1 at 5 p.111. Silent period
will be resumed December (i at 11
pin. following formal dinners and
ends at :3 p.111. December 0 when
pledging is held.

The only occasions during silent
period when sorority women may
speak to freshmen will be the fol-
lowing‘: Potter Date Party, tomor-
row from 8 to 12 p.in.; Madison,
Park, and Lake Open Houses Stin—
day.

C abinel Reviews
Social Calendar;
Sfassen ToSpeak

Harold Stassen, former Presiden-
tial Advisor on Disarmament. will
be at State College during the year.
This subject was among the many
brought up at last Friday's Cabinet
meeting.

Parking Lot

The parking lot was discussed
and it was announced that all cars
must have stickers. Campus Com-
mission will have spot checks for
the stickers. The owners of cars
parked in the lot will be fined if
they do not have them.

Inaugural Ball

There will probably be no Inau-
gural Ball this year because of a
full social calendar. However. it is
hoped that one will be held next
year.

(‘iilture

It was suggested that twenty-five
cents be collected for the three
scheduled cultural events. This
money would then be used for a
fourth such event.

Page "all

The often conflicting use of Page
Hall by Milne as well as the various
College organizations was brought
up. It was decided that a schedule
should be set up for the use of th’
auditorium.

Social (‘alendur

The overcrowded social calendar
was also discussed and several rec-
ommendations were put forth. Nolli-
ing definite was arranged.

However it was suggested that
possibly other events could be
scheduled the some night as other
certain iiil College events. All
College Revue and Campus Chest
were the events discussed for this
purpose.

This would be a break with the.
usual method of having no other
events on the same night as prey/M
ously scheduled all College events.

2!. l958

PAGE 3

 

ONE:

TWO:
ONE:

TWO:
NE:

O

’l‘\\'():

ONE:

TV"):
ONE:

’l'W () :
()N E :

TWO:
ONE:

7/... Mia. wow |

BY THE BYSTANDER

Yes. I just love Christmas.
It makes me feel warm all
over. I just love the street
But. there‘s . . .

There’s what? Isn't it won-
derful what manufacturers
are doing these days? I
bought my three year old son
a gun yesterday that shoots
ketchup pellets . . . you know.
like real blood!

But. there's more . . .

Oh. yes. there’s so much
more! I took my son to see
Santa arrive at the Super
Department Store. He came
early this year. you know . . .
yes, he arrived in August this
year. It's wonderful how the
businessmen keep the Christ-
mas spirit alive like that.
But. what about Bethlehem
and . . .

Oh. heavens! Thanks for re-
minding me. I almost forgot.
I must buy some imitation
lawn for under the tree. it's
tradition in our family to put.
up a manger scene each year
and run the electric train
around it. It’s gotten so that
we have 11 little village now
inside the tracks.

But, there's more to . . .
Oh, there‘s plenty more: Of—
fice parties. parties with the
relatives, exchanging gifts.
Cci"iliiily there's more.

Btit. Christmas Day is . . .
I know. I know. Christmas:
Day is a riot. I'm So exhaust-
ed Christmas Day what with
all that gift buying and such.
that I just collapse into il'.l
easy chair and relax.

But. it‘s a solemn . . .

I know. But, I always try to
make it a brighter day for
those less fortunate. Always
give ii basket of food to that
orienization . . . what's the
name of it again?

A new idea in smoking!

* menthol fresh
* rich tobacco taste

* modern filter. too

TWO: Haven't you forgotten some-
thing?

Forgotten . . . oh. yes! I had
some personalized Christmas
cards made this year. On the
cover. there's a sweet looking
Santa Claus. but when you
open it up, he has a mean
expression, and the caption
is "Bah, Humbugl” I do think
my friends will appreciate
that, don‘t you? It will make
them laugh a little. and
that's what we need more of
in this world with all its
problems.

TWO: Make them laugh! Is that all
Christmas means to you . . .
toys, cards. gifts. Santa
Claus . . .

ONE: Well, you're in a fine mood
for the Christmas season. Oh
well. I suppose we‘re all a lit-
tle on edge. I must run.
"Merry Christmas."

ONE

 

communism”

(Continued from. Page 2, Column 2/

Second. do you believe that a
person who does not have the poise
and self-conﬁdence to stand up be-
fore a group of people and speak
intelligently under diverse situations
is quaiiﬁed to teach your children?
Would you as an administrator hire
an individual who was unable to
prepare or adapt himself to such
circumstances?

I would think very seriously before
making my decision condemning
educational television. For, even
though you may not want it. tele-
vision may become a necessity in the
classroom sooner than you think.

Yours truly,

William J. Dieal, Jr.
Company M-Z, U.S.C.V.
West Point. New York

 

r taste

V R J REYNOLDS TOBACCO CU WINSION-SAlFM N C

'l‘liiiik of ii refreshing Spring day like this, if you want to know just how it Salem

(iigiii‘cttc refreshes your t
lililila Siiiem. Through its

iislc. iiicii tobacco tiiste with new surprise softiicss..
modern. pure-white iiiicl' flows the freshest taste in

cigiireiics. :‘iiiioite refreshed [iiit'i\ .iftei‘ pack . . . smoke, Salem.

Take a puff...it’s Springtime

 

