 

 

 
   
    
    
     
   
    
   
   
   
  
        
   
   

 

K' ".rnwzuamut.mm...w...

 

PAGE 2

g

Complications? . . .

Student Association and Student Council meet-
ings in the past have often been dotted with ref-
erence to the Student Association Constitution.

When confusion has arisen concerning the validit

of a motion on the floor or the recognition of. an .

act by an organization members produce the quot

But often the constitution does not give any solu

e 
from the constitution and the problem is solved. ‘m \

. ‘ V \
tion to the problem or if it does it is not clear. T l  I It

In these cases it is the job of Myskania, our ju
dicial body, to interpret, these vague sentences.

This week Student Council decided that some
decision would have to be made about the question
of allowing student tax supported organizations to
sponsor money-making functions. The reason Stu-
dent Council concerned itself with this so inten-
sively was that any organization who sets out to
make money will be doing so at the risk of losing
some money. If a loss should be incurred by the
organization and even though an organization’s
own budget will cover it with a line transfer, this
money would be money appropriated by Student
Association for a certain purpose. Student Associ-

ITA'I'I COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 5. 195!

  
  

y /

   
 
 
 

h»

  

. ‘ m i.
.0

I)

  
  
 

 

A

ation would be obligated to support therefore a my , ~ .~,,

possible loss of which it had no knowledge.
The Budget is formed each year so that there

will be some concrete plan for student spending

and so that there is a basis for approximating
student tax. However, the budget doesn’t allow
for new projects which an organization might
want to initiate, unless the organization comes di-
rectly to Student Association and asks for a spe-
cified amount of money.

When Myskania considers the interpretation of
the constitution, it will undoubtedly consider that
student tax is collected in September to cover ex-
penses of all student organizations and functions
for the entire year.

Per] vs Jay . ..

Today in Assembly, a motion will be made to
the effect that Student Association will back
Pcdagoguc in continuing proceedings in hiring a
lawyer.

This lawyer would negotiate with Jay Publish-
ing Company, publishers of the 1949-1950 Peda-
gognc. This negotiation is necessitated by the fact
that last year's Perl arrived in July, a shoddy,
jumbled piece of poor workmanship. Returned to
the company for correction, it came back with a
six hundred dollar reduction from the final price
set by lay of 8,100 dollars and with very little
correction.

According to Jay, there is still a 2300 dollar
payment due. Consultation with a local attorney,
who has charged nothing for preliminary investi-
gation, indicates that it is very possible to evade
completing payment for something we didn't re-
ceive, a satisfactory yearbook.

The approximate cost for this negotiation would
be fifteen percent the money realized from the
case. If the proceedings were not successful the
expense would be “a nominal fee.”

The indications are that Student Association will
have everything to gain and little to lose by sup-
porting this motion.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
January 5. 1951 No. 13

Illstriliulor
t‘olleginle Illges‘t

 

VOL. XXXV

Member
Associated t'olleglnte l'ress
'I‘he ninlergruduute newspaper of the New York State t‘ol>
logo for 'l‘eucliel's: published evv-i‘y I“l'llllly of the (,‘ollege
your by the NEWS lionrd for the Student .\.-t-:oi'lillltill
Phones: Ii‘enzel. '2 mill; Wolfe. st) 0312: Milk. 1'» tliill .\lt'lll
born of the NEWS staff may be I'l‘lIl'llI'll 'l'iiesdny and
Wednesday from 7 to 11.210 p in at :l lilti’t
MAR“1 l-‘I'IVZI'H. — - - - - - - - - Editor-liet‘tilol
(HHJHE NWAII'I‘Z - - - ‘ - ('o«.\lunnglng ltldllnr
GERALD DUNN - ~ - — - - - (‘o—\lninm|ni( ICdItor
EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - l’iiIilie lh-Intlunn Editor
HARVEY MILK - - — - - - - - - Hportu Editor
Paul]. Ill’t‘lHlAN - ~ - - - - Heninr Hportn Member
BEVERLY RI'IIIJHN - - - — ('Ireulutlon .‘Iuiinuer
JANE (‘OUK - ~ - - - — - - - Ailvertlulnu IIunnuer
.IUNEI'II I'I'RIH' ‘ - - - - - - - lhiuliieau Honour-l
(‘l‘il‘l'llilA II.\'I"I‘I‘4'I'I v - < - ~ - - lhelnmgo I‘ldilol

 

. . . . - - - - ~ - - ~ Auanelulo Editor
VH‘TIHHA EA INC ‘ - - - r - - — Anunelule I‘lllllnr
(HLH‘I'J thl'l‘ll - - - ~ - - — - Aunuciuto I‘ltll'ﬂr

 

All coinlnuiiiculIons should be addressed to the editor llllll
must be signed Names will be withheld upon roquest
'l‘he H'I'A‘I'IG t'til.l.l'ltil'l NEWS llNllIlllt‘H no responsibility
for opinions expi‘eunell in its columns or t'iilllllllltilculltilln
.‘iu Hllt‘ll I-klit'euhltlllu do not necessarily reflect Its view

 

 

\Roprlnied lrom the January 1951 issue of ESQUIRE Copyright l95t by Em. Inc.

\‘V‘ . w '
_“Would you like to have a photo to romeﬂiber
' ' ~" the evening by?” '

 

Redale Sfa dig/1.! - - -
W14 4;: gildulian eéalea

By JOAN TITUS

 

 

As I look back upon this past was the highest form of life. The
New Year’s day I must confess that adept logic of the answer rests on
I find the setting aside of one day this—that to be different is to be
as a time for resolutions a rather superior; that man is different in
clever device, an expedient semi- that he alone of all the species
institution. Indeed. an appointed strives to destroy his own kind:
time for such declarations of in- therefore. supcrissimus man.
tentlon is quite necessary. Other- . , H
wise, irregularized and spontaneous To secure his unique position man
offers of reform and change might; has constantly improved his weap-
seriously confuse and frustrate our 095 01 W“ and “0191100 Beginning
culture pattern. The importance of Wm “If; humble spear. man has
man's intention Cannot he oven now achieved an indisputable posi-
emphaslzed for it is the most noble “011 With the “WOUND” 01’ the 115"
thing he has to offer. dmfv’m bmnb-

For examme' in time of crisis Unfortunately. there is a minor-
inan sometimes must not outside it)" Of Surely SUlJ'lmmml bi‘ingsv
those weeds and ethics which he who insist that this marvelous new
has decided are best Butwahd this bomb. a credit to man's genius. rcp-
hub is hhhormht_c\.eh though hC resents not a victory. but an inevit«
may in action disregard the estab- “DIG defeat 1'0" mankind
lished law. the beliefs, 1.0.. the good
intention. of man‘s superior intel—
lect are forever sustained in attrac-
tively bound volumes which are
available to all who may care to
read them.

Although I find this opinion
rather ludicrous. I shall endeavor
to counter it with pure logic. The
spear can only kill one at a time;
the hydrogen bomb carries a poten—
tial (loath blow for thousands at a

Happily, however. most of man's time.
intentions are fulfilled. To illus-
trate: man found it necessary to
place himself within the universe.

Undoubtedly the significance of
the new weapon will be proven
within the year so"—

After dne consideration he mod- Let us go then. you and I.
estly drew the conclusion that he To the counties and the rye.

‘7mu'n’ .7“ 711.2 70am

By PAT BRADY

Due to the Christmas marriage of which appears under the direction of
the regular columnist, I will take its. dynamic conductor. Serge .liiroff.
(tycr this week to try to round tip Many (‘1 the seniors will remember
some activity for those of you who the Don Cossack performance here
still have some energy left after the at Ftate (when we seniors were
big vacation. yoengcri mid can testify that they

do put on a stirring show. The pro-

.lusi because the holidays are grant includes ecclesiastical music
over. don‘t think things (lie down fi‘cin the ritual of the Check ortho-
licrc in the capital district. The dos church. folk songs of White
current production at, thc Playhouse Russia. soldier songs and a group
is sure to interest many of you. ll of (l.tli('t'l‘s in the traditional Rus-
is that i‘nbiiioits musical comedy hit. stun style, Tickets for this one
"Of Thee I Sing." The cast of fifty performance are on stile at the TM:
is headed by MEIXHH'. who IUI'HH'I'll' lilyck Record Shop. and again there
appeared with Phil Spituliiy's is a speciiil student ticket.

"Hour of Charm "

 

 

 

As it preliminary to the Albany
Those of you who saw the prescn~ (‘iyip Mlini: Association concert at
tntion of this play at school this (“1' str'ind on ’l‘ucsdity night. the
full know what. an l‘\‘t‘lllll", of sheer orchestra gave a concert at
(It'lluht you are to for When you Hlt'llil ('otlc'w on ’l‘ucsday afternoon
make your reservations by calling 1 w KII'UI'IIIH onlv with no admission.
the Playhouse. Student rates are in The afternoon concert was ac-
el'iect tor e'.er_y ‘;l‘t'1t)l‘li.iill('e except 'tltililtililltl by provrmu notes and
the Saturday evening one. llon't explannt'ons by the conductor. (luv
forget that there is u Saturdin nml- tv‘rnslei llarrison.
lace. The play has been so well ic-
ccivcd that it has been extended to
u tl'lltl \vcek. l'lllllllll'.; through
through January 1:!

As it clos'ng note. look [or the
l.'e ho.kc\' iuimc l’ll\'t'(l at the ll. 1‘.
l. lib ld lloiise These games are of
extremely high calibre and worth

’l‘heere is still more nch on the “‘Hlt'llltlt; for-

Illllsl' plane, and it takes place at 'l'hnt‘s all for now. bet he sure
the it. l’. l. l".el(l llouse tonight at to kcc; rn "'l‘unln‘ the Town" and
till?) i). in I am speaking of the nut ll tor radio programs featuring
Don Cossack Chorus of Bil voices YOU.

 

gunman-Stated

By GORSKIE and KYLE

 

 

The Common-Stator is glean the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those a, the STATE Cami“
News.

NEW YEAR’S AFTER-THOUGHTS

Which we don't intend to follow. but which We
would like to toss out to you . .. we don't usually
practice what we preach anyway . . .

1. We're going to rush right out and buy our own
little A-Bomb shelter before thy get scarce like
Revere Copper Wear.

2. We're not going to over-cut our examinations
this year because we feel that they are an iii-
tegral part of college life.

as

No more complaining about the cafeteria, pa—
per towels, or broken peneil-sharpeners . . . be-
cause who are we to gripe when we're getting
a “free” education?

4. To pick up some pin money by visiting the five
and-ten with our extra-large overcoats at least
once a day and keeping tabs on Post Office
wanted signs.

5. No more parties. no more parties. no more
parties . . . by the way we heard of one cos-
tume party where a clever thin girls—or is it
thin clever girl—put a hole in her head and
went as a needle.

INTERESTING NOTE . . .

The hot chocolate and soda machines were late
arriving because the man who was supposed to install
them took a. little vacation . . . his replacement then
proceeded to abscond with the funds . . . police are
still looking for the man . and needless to say,
the funds.

BUSY VACATION . . .

For the maintenance men as the floors in
the Commons and the Lounge testify . . . when the
smell disappears. they should really be smooth . . .
the art room has a new set of fluorescent lights. too.

BY THE POPULAR DEMAND . . .

Shown in our last assembly the blazers are being
made available to the student body . . . men have a
choice of dark blue . . . and dark blue . . . women.
of blue and white . . . the seal will be gold and there
will be gold piping . . . for those who like piping.

DEBATE . . .

With West Point coming to State next Friday. it.
looks like Debate will have its chance to prove its
ability first hand . . . and it will also be a chance
for the girls to improve relations with that esteemed
school . . .

SATURDAY NIGIlT—GOURMET'S DELIGHT . . .
For the. first time class banquets are all being held
on the same night . . . and naturally they will fea~

titre the usual after-dinner addresses . ‘54 will
have Miss Newbold . . . ‘53. Mr. Wheeler . . .  Dr.
Rich . . . and the Seniors aren‘t having anyone . . ,

they usually find them dull.

FROM ()NE INSTITUTION . . .

To another seems to be the watchWord around here
lately . . . we've counted eight marriages. five en—
llstincnts . . . and the end of this semester should
see quite a few more taking the plunge in both di—
rections . . . it's getting so difficult to be free.

EASTERN STATES CONFERENCE . . .
Nominations are being liech today for delegates to

the conference . . it is one of the host important

and professional conferences since both faculty and

students take part . . . so think wisely in nominating.
SllNG TO THE TUNE ()l" . . .
“God Bless America" . . . in these times of stress

and strain it seems appropriate so bring the
paper to assembly and we'll all sing together . . .

God bless free enterprise. system divine.

Stand beside her. and guide her.

Just as long as the profits are mine.

God bless Wall Street. corporations,

May they flourish. may they grow.

God bless free enterprise the status ono,

God bless free enterprise the status (iuo.

 

College Calendar - - —

 

SA'I‘I'RIIAY, JANUARY 6

ti pin. Class Banquets
1) ]l.lll. Newman Club Midwinter llop in Coin-
mons

WEDN CSliAY. JANUARY 10

12 noon SCA Chapel

“:15 pin Meeting of the Eastern New York Sec-
tioii of the American Chemical Society
iit Union College

THURSDAY. lANl‘ARY It

31:10 pm. Forum Round Table Discussion 111 Lounge
7:30 pm. Newman Club Benediction and Meeting
at Newman Iliill

FRIDAY. JANUARY 1::
it put. Sigma Lambda Sigma ltiish Party. Went.
Albany

SA'I‘I‘RIIAY. JANUARY Iii

7:110 phi. Newman l’lnll Skating l’ul'ly. lloltmaii‘s
9 pm. Potter Club [lush Party. (‘ouunons

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

Pods Drop Two Io Siena
Remain In Tie For Lead

 

Last Wednesday night on the

Slena alleys, State 1dropped their . t
three-game serles wth Siena, two   D I

games to one. The result is a tie I I e a!

for first place in the Intercollegiate

Bowling League between State and  
Siena, each of whom has the iden-

tical record of 22 wins and 8 losses. -

In the ﬁrst game State was the  
victim of numerous splits, three of
which were registered by Don Burt
alone. This and the combination of
new wood tnew bowling pins) led
to State's downfall. bitt by a inar-
gin of only six pliis. Don McDonald
1011in a 200 game to lead State in
their futile cause. At this point
State and Siena were deadlocked
for first place.

The second game saw State mov—
ing back into the lead as they took
Siena by 86 pins. and also while
McDonald again paced State’s at-
tack with a 191 game. Don Burt and
Carin Corsi ably assisted him as
they rolled games of 172 and 173
respectively.

Sieiia bounced back in the third
game and beat State by 20 pins and
thereby again created a tie for the
league lead. State's cause was dealt
a severe blow when a foul was call-
ed on McDonald as he picked itp ii
spare. This in itself meant 10 pins
at that moment. and considerably
affected “Mac's” came as he end-
ed up with a 153. which is somewhat
below his usual league average of
185.

Lombardo. who is giving 

r . . rth league (‘tlt ._
3011131,]:  averages, picked Whitiltand each had one shot to then

v ' . , . , . . p- .

Sighting? hiltntli‘iﬁo“ lthlg'hPFhl‘l/fhl There was only one forfeit of the
totals for the night were Lombardo. “millil- p'sl Gilmm“ Fiifeﬁt‘vdhko
,— . 1 MCDOlmld‘ 544. Emag M001, thus antenna ica y git-
‘)67 am lll’l‘ the latter team a score of 2.
 1 9 3 TL Two forfeits result in disqualifi-
Snm 1gp, (gr) igg 567 cation of the team for the remain-

Aftcr-vacation activity displayed
itself on the gym floor Wednesday
night when the WAA girls con-
tinued the basketball season. New-
man bowed to BZ in the initial
game to the tune of 20-9. Evie
Kamke and Jeanette Zelanis were
high for the victors with G and 5
points respectively. Nella Burtln
and Terry Porta with '7 and 2 points
respectively contributed Newman's
total score of 9.

A close game was played between
the Left-Overs and Gamma Kappa
Phi, as the former took the lead,
27-24. Kuhn, for the vistors. scored
high for the evening as she hooped
19 points. of the total 27. Phebe
Fuller also scored high for the los-
ing- (lamina Kai) team with 16
points to her credit,

Phi Delta easily took Chi Sigma
Theta with a ﬁnal score of 29—10.
The Phi Delta lead by several
points in each quarter as the Chi
Sig-s tried unsuccesl’ully to catch
up. Betty Coykendall scored 12 for
the victors with the help of 4
points from Hopkins and 3 from
Erdle. Siglei‘ and Raba each scored
:1 noints for the losers. Heyman and

1.0m bu rd 0

 

Searchﬁeld 131 13‘: 1:33 4‘26 111‘: SCH-“OIL
Rit‘hl 1'72 lﬁfi 15". 48')
(‘lolrlie 1G”) 14% 179 497i
Harbeck 145 146 172 4oz;  Gains First
Totals 810 7G3 855 24‘“) .
State 1 2 3 Tl, A P S I
Burt 141 172 ms 498 5 otter p Its
Cnsuplt” 1’“ 1”] m8 4‘” SLS continued its dominance of
Chm I'm 173 176 51,9 the International bowling league as
Finklednm 150. 153 1:33 4’” it rolled to 3 easy victoi'ys over the
Monmmm 2”” ml in] 5"“ Snafus. The Snafus were only able
T“ “m "T‘ ’ to field three men and naturally
Thrill" RM RM 835 2489' were no match for the power laden

Fits crew as evidenced by the scores
of 788-662. 733-631. 791-577.

The most important series of the
day was between Potter and Beav—
ers. Potter. battling for a first place
"rerth. was dropped to a third place
tie as it lost. two of the three games.
The Beavers scored a record lll‘lll

Wonder if the Varsity 1.);iskctcei's 1'01. Lh,E WM. us my). mum an 833
“'1” will“ “ll “'lm in“ BM" “1'5" game with Deniers and Bernard

 

Spa/1.14 7aZ/a

By DON BURN S

 

 

win of the year. . . . .we have the div gimwhm [hp Why, Tm. Sm,“ hpm
llll‘i'ilml of Delhi Illt‘ only ﬁlillt' “(WP 7h|_i_761' 651_76h 8331727.
Collcte yet to w.ii this se.t~on.  The Rumors. who “we”. imam;

Illt‘ PM“ "ll-“(Kl Ill“ M‘H'lt‘“ “1 the league for the last three Weeks.
Ctllllillll Jim Will'tll'“ “1 IIN‘II‘ 1”“ were rudely jolted into fourth place
two encounters and will be fur— “,5 [int Jeeps took three straight
llll'l' lltlmllt'tllllMl Ill Ill“ I‘M 01' names. Sparkini the Jeeps Ill their
l’ete 'I‘cll'er  a year no our {tot-igin Vii-[Qi'iim were pay and
team came back from ya ntion with ihmimui, For iiip losers. Cole was
1'0111' “"115 :lHll l\\'<’ “NW tttltl “'0” the only man to get over foitr inm-
Ullll’ (“'0 of fill“ IH‘XI litllll’ll‘t‘” drrd as compared to the three four
i.aiiies..., let's have a reverse of lnmdrcd games of the Jeeps. The
form this year! scores were 656-571), 777-661. tiSJl-tltll.

A bl‘lt‘l I‘HIHIUWH UH llll‘ WeL An unusual thing occurred in the
>|)til'l.\ year: l’ottct' (.‘lub wins WI ’l‘hurlow—KDl't matches as they
howlttt‘: tlilt‘.. Varsity Kczlcl‘H twice registered scores of 729 in
nailed down third place in the In their first and third games, This
Icrmllcglate ltcnzntc Don Burl was due mainly to the fine bowling
“31h IUl) IMHO” it! llllt'illltlll‘tll ol' (‘oons and Relidcr. ’l‘hui'low was
lioll'ltllH Hill-:10» - l’ollt'l' “little not able to t‘t‘.:l.slct‘ a complete
Ito-N Itoi'oh 101' 1M Basketball into. .\\\‘('t‘]) as they dropped the second
"t‘lcm" sends out first call tor Disc» gallit‘ us the Kim men hit for ii
“it” Mllliltl 1 Motels talic Vol- ’tTti game. The scores here \\'crc 7311—
leybiill (‘l'o\\'tl. 'l‘ed Strauss. wins 71ii_ 775.675). um] 729-703

(‘tltllillih pint tion: ltllt'. Hot) The Htllllls-Fpllis that -h was
I'Ili'h lows two hll llihlt'lbt‘t'ilk [0 hi 'llll dried by its unusually low
lln.on lll tllc lust nmin'. ., lt'llllh scores on the part of the Hilllls

upset Suspenders to \\'lli 1M soltbnll 'l‘he Splits were only able to M'Ul't‘

pennant ,Jocthn'cri mukcsaus- it toi.il oi 1732 points in three
pit-ions dealt with Varslty Hostel" games while the Saints were rolling
team the hooters won five and up a total of truth. lied lVIt-(Yormack
lost [no in their first year . Harv and Ted Marro were the big guns

VVt‘llll‘l'lJN. liaonl Nunez. and l)cnn for the Saints whilcllob(iinmmnttco
Htra-kland set the pace Veteran of the Splits, kept the games lt'oln
basketball It'ltlll reports for practice lu‘lll‘i ll complete route with a 4311
oil (>.‘to .ci' 1 Mike lltlox. leads triple The scores were ti'ltt-b-l-l, tiiill—
St Mary‘s Alltt‘l‘» to 1M pigskin ,)77;|]1Il(li‘)~l-Illl.

title . tllotl-ol edition of llowlllig 1n the final three names. Kll
'l‘eain sets scorching pace cstali- downed the l"t“.ll‘ll'.\n it‘iyc in three
lish .\.lt3_;lt‘ game and Illl'et' name straight scores oi 621.432.). tint-till.
set records l’iiul t‘urter i'cllll‘lh You-tint. 'l‘he bio. men in the Kll
to Varsity llaskctbull team altcroiie attack were Mort li'i'unk and Mitch
l‘t'tll' hood and paces scorers in llurkowsky. For the Five. who are
early sc.t~~on sanity of Sports no liill‘tt‘l' so feared, the best game. a
l‘iillloi' doubted by many . . . ltili. was rolled by lloug 'l‘horiic

FRIDAY. JANUARY 5. 1951

  

PAGE I

Knicks, KDR, Finks In Notional Loop Tie; Si'i‘il‘l'ﬂdrNuncl To Lud

The Beavers have retained their
first place position in the American
League by swamping the third place
men of KB to the tune of 40-19. Un-
able to cope with the fine ball
handling of the Beavers, the KB
men never threatened in the con-
test. The Beavers now have a rec-
ord of 3 wins and no losses.

In the National League, the
Knicks defeated the Saints 64-34,
thereby entering into a three way
tie for first place with KDR, and
the F‘lnks. Outstanding for the
Knicks were Paul Vielklnd and Joe

I Beavers Hold Lead In American League

McCormack. This will make all the
more decisive the coming game to
be played tomorrow betwaen the
Finks and Knicks.

In the International League to-
morrow, sLS should annex its third
victory as it meets the Very weak
Ram outfit. SDS. so far, has aver-
aged 61 points per game as com-
pared to the Rams average of 18
points. Last night. after the paper
went to press. the Angels were sche-
duled to play the Annex. The
winner of this game will claim at
least a first place tie in the league.

cdasoguc Boaters In Full

The Varsity Soccer team held an
informal get-together the week be-
fore Christmas vacation. At this
party the members of the squad el-
ected the Captains for next year
and Coach Joe Garcia presented a
gold belt to Dave Wetherby for being
chosen the Most Valuable Player on
this years’ team.

The lettermen elected Sophomore
Dean Strickland and Junior Ratio]
Nunez to act as rib-captains of next
years' aggregation. Coach Garcia
told the boys that he hopes to have
a better schedule for them next sea-
son.

 

 

 

m y, ... ._. . , .,

 Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests

Number I0. ..‘I'HE PANDA

[r r

   

\ rlj
‘ , .llt' sudden rash of (puck-trick cigarette tests

And that‘s cyactly “by we suggest . . .
'I'lie sensible lest. — the Jill-Day (laurel \liltlness 'l‘esl
\\l|1t'li simply asks you to try (lamels as your steady
smoke ~ on a pack after pack, day after day basis. No snap
judgments needed. After you've enjoyed (llllllt'lﬁ ~—
iunl ottl)‘ (lillllt‘lh‘ — for fit) (lays iii your “ll-Zone”

t'l‘ for 'l'lu‘oal, 'I' for 'l'iiste), we believe you'll /tllult' nliy . . .

More People Smoke Camels
than any other cigarette!

 

 

   

"Let’s

get down to

bear facts .’ ”

 

 

N
i

may have caused [aiinla-moniuin on the campus _ biit our scholarly
friend was unperturbed. Ilc pondered the facts of the case. and decided that
one—pull or one-sniff tests . . . single inhale and exliiile comparisons are hardly

conclushc. l’roof of cigarette iniltlness doesn't come that fast! W

t seii‘

    

CﬁOXC’E. 1:335;ng

