  

'PAUI a
Do We ? . . .

Criticism of existing systems and personalities
is the trend this time of the year. The uncertainty
in the minds of Seniors seems to justify this criti-

icism. At the moment certification for teaching in
[New York state has as a requirement five years
of study.

In January ’50 the State Education Department
continued for a year the issuance of renewable high
school teaching certificates until March 1, 1951.
Yesterday, there being no report from the Edu-
cation Department on the matter, we were to as-
sume that we needed a fifth year to teach in sec-

. ondary schools.

It seems quite evident that the state is going
. to choke a fifth year down our throats eventually.
Assuming that there is some sound, intelligent rea-
son for this, we are still “up in the air.”

We are confused because certain persons of good
authority have voiced opinions, quietly, of course,
that the State will not require a fifth year for
certification until 1952 or later. Their reasoning
seems logical in that they expect that, by June,
many teaching positions will be left vacant, be-
cause of the draft.

We are also confused because of the inconsis-
tency of the State’s policy. Why do social studies,
English, and language teachers need a fifth year of
study more than Commerce teachers? If it’s be-
cause Commerce teachers are more in demand, why
do Latin teachers need a fifth year? They’re in
demand!

It’s time for the State to make things clear.
There’s enough uncertainty of future for young
people without complicating matters.

Money, Money . . .

MAA wants more money. It came to Student
Council Wednesday with a motion unrecommend-
ed by Student Board of Finance, asking for 142
dollars to send the State College Varsity Bowling
team to a tournament in Elmira.

What? An increase in the MAA budget? A bud~
get already spending 8 thousand dollars of a 26
thousand dollar budget? What, no recommendation
by Student Board of Finance?

This situation sounds familiar. In fact, it seems
a repetition of another appropriation of financial
nature in many ways.

MAA shouid receive its money. The athletic De-
partment in this institution seldom has the warm
feeling of sponsoring a successful team. Every op-
portunity for success in this field should be ex-
ploited.

Other Things . . .

“SMILES to sponsor party for children at
Home, Clinton Square needs volunteers.” These are
two pleadings for help which are perennial.

The casual observer, or the casual student reads
and continues on his narrow path. Why should lie
work for nothing for such an igmiminious cause?

Assuming that the average student here is not.
particularly interested in forgotten “causes” our
casual student is still passing by at his own loss.

ls otir casual student well prepared for his pro-
fession when he receives that piece of parchment
in June? He‘s iioi . that's because he has not
taken full advantage of his opoprtunities to learn
about children, their habits and personalities.

()iii' education profs continually implore us to
learn about chidreii and those intangible “things”
not found in the pages of our texts. More of us
should be giving it a try . . .

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 2
7 pm. State Vs. (.teiieseo, Gym.
tl-l2 Midnight iii-iii Zeta Open House.

SATURDAY, MAltt'll Ii
0-1 l|.lll. Siiyles lliiil li‘oi'iiiul.
0-1 am. I’teic'e linil I“til'illill.
8:30-12 Midnight Alpha Epsilon Phi Open House.

SUNDAY, MAltt‘ll 4
ti pin. ii‘iiui li'i'iih Dinner and Musical,
l"i'(lt‘l'tll Street Synagogue,

WEDNESDAY. MARCH 7
12 Noon SCA. Chapel, Unitarian Church.

THURSDAY, MARCH ii

3:30 pm. Forum Meeting. Lounge.
7:30 pm. Newman Lecture. Newman liiill.
7:30 pm. Christian Science Organization

Meeting, Room 111.

STA fl COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 2. 1951

.‘D-EW

By TED

It was the day the whole world
had been waiting for. Millions of
anxious ears were glued to the
speakers of their radios waiting
for the latest developments. The men
in Korea (Red and United Nations)
refused to fight for three hours
that morning and BBC. (British
Broadcasting Company) gave a
world wide broadcast sponsored
through the courtesy of H. S. Tru-
man and Company.

And at Albany State Teachers'
College, the scene of all the action.
five groups of men stood in the
Commons smoking and whispering
nervously as they awaited 9 a.m.,
H—hour. Finally, at one minute be-
fore nine, Mr. William Finished,
High Llama of Inter-Confused
Council, grabbed his scepter and
commenced the long, slow trek to
the Lounge. At last it was time for
bids to be returned at State! Be-
hind Dr. Finished the four frater-
nities t?) lined up in order in pre-
ference. (There was a little trouble
over this since each group prefer—
red itself but it didn’t last long; the
interfraternity spirit prevailed and
they all flied out in an orderly fash-
ion-paddles, pins and banners

 

PEENE

flashing in the morning sun. Behind
them, huddled in the farthest cor-
ner of the great hall, stood the fresh~
men, crumpled bids in hand. These
men had spent three sleepless nights
mulling over the problem of which
bid to sign and they had all reach-
ed the same conclusion. They had
decided to flip a coin—the sure so-
lution to such a weighty problem.
They were so confused at this point
that it took them fifteen minutes
to decide which coin to flip. The ten-
sion was mounting. cameras whir-
ring, teletypes clicking, the steady
drone of Drew Pearson’s voice as
he broadcast a play by play descrip-
tion—arid now! the climax—the end
of the road to Cathay, the sight of
the seven cities of Clbola—the end
of a semester confusion! The coin
and flipper had been chosen. The
millions of cars bent closer
to their radios—the men in Korea
held their breath—Harry took his
hand out of our pockets. The flip-
per‘s finger flicked—the coin flash-
ed in the air, hit the floor, bounced
once, twice and finally came to rest
standing on end and the whole world
cheered as all the men joined the
D. A. R.

__————-I-

 

‘7um'n’ In

7/re 7awn

By JEANNINE BURKE

The Jewish Community Center has
become one of the organizations that
will aid State College in its new
Community Studies course which is
being organized by Dr. William Vic-
kery. By using this plan in working
with various community agencies
and activities, one of the newer
concepts in teacher training is be-
ing employed, that is. the use of
this method to broaden the future
teacher's understanding of his stu-
dents.

The Jewish Community Center
will also run a series of exhibits
of the paintings of outstanding art-
ists during March and April. The
paintings of Arthur Szyk. well-
known illustrator of books and ina-
gazines. will be displayed from
March 1 to 15 at the Center library.

There is still time to see The Sil-
ver Whistle this week end, but Tues-
day, March 6 will bring another
Broadway comedy to the Playhouse.
Jenny Kissed Me by Leo Ci. Carroll.
It is a light and wholesome story

 

 

about an Irish priest who is set in
his ideas about feather-brained
youth; Jenny, who doesn’t conform
to the priest's concept of youth,
comes to the village, falls in love
with the local school teacher, and
convinces the priest that youth is
still good. level-headed, and happy.
A one-man show by artist Robert
Emerich is now in progress atthe
Albany Institute of History and Art.
The wheel of chance has finally
come to rest and Radio Council
will broadcast its WPTR disc
jockey show at 12:15, instead of
1:15. every Sunday afternoon. Otir
star will be Guy Lombardo.
Radio Council will soon take over
a disc jockey show on WABY, but
final plans have not yet been made.
A brotherly and very thankful
pat on the back to everyone who
helped or contributed last week to
the cause of Brotherhood; let's aim
for many more years of the same
good work.

"What's so remarkable about it? He's way below the class agerngel"

Comm-31d“

By HARVEY MILK

The Common-Stater- is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sun: COLLIGI
les.

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

As an aftermath for Brotherhood week and in hopes
that Brotherhood doesn’t stop with the end of Bro-
therhood week, I think Lincoln, who wasn't a member
of any church, was at his greatest when he said, “I
would join any church whose sole qualifications for
membership was the Biblical injunction: ‘Thou shalt
love thy Lord they God with all they heart, with
thy soul . . . and thy neighbor as thyself.” . . . What;
church do you belong to?

ONE MAN'S OPINION

The Potter Show that opened State Fair was one of
the top performances these eyes have seen at State
. . undoubtedly the most hilarious . . . and consid—
ering the time spent on it I can say it was the best
production State has seen . . . this gives the answer
to the “Big-4" question. If one frat can whip a mas-
terpiece together in less than a week, why can’t
a whole class do the same, thus cutting out several
month’s work that ends up in a mediocre show with
bad feelings? It seems to me that Potter’s show is
the best argument to do away with the “Big 4” as it
exists today. It has been proved that all the time
spent on such plays is not needed—so hat's off to
Dave Manly and the rest of the Pottermen who gave
State “ITS FINEST HOUR.”

 

 

MARDI GRAS
While on the subject of State Fair, I believe that
this year's was one of the best we’ve had . . . that

Gamma K_ap band gave it that extra carnivalish flavor
. . . hope it keeps up , , , and contrary to all reports
and stories, that wrestling match between Honest Joe
and the French Angel was not fixed.

ABBADABBA

After reading in the local newspapers that Siena
college would play in the New York basketball tour—
nament if they were invited despite the basketball fix
I can only say that probably State would play in the
NCAA too, if invited . . . but in both cases it sounds like
what monkey said to the chip—abbadabba dab.

RECOGNITION

I think that Campus Commission finally got the
recognition it deserves with the adoption of its con—
stitutional amendment; it removed the election of the
Grand Marshal from the hands of SA to that or—
ganization and the recognition is that 0.0. and its
affairs aren't so important that the whole student.
body should have to worry about who will be its
head from year to year . . . it does a lot of work

. a lot of committee work and it is not a major
organization on campus. l

LAST CHANCE

' Tonight; will be your last chance to see the Feds
in action on the Page Hall court . . . only one more
away game left too. . . and although our team won
and lost record wasn‘t good, I believe that this year
we have one of the best teams State has had since
the war . . . a few breaks and our record would have
been the opposite from what it is . . . congrats to
the team; we enjoyed this season . . . see you tonight
despite the BZ open house for RP! and State.

GOODBY PAL

Now that the frats and sororities have their new
blood, watch all the new cliques form, watch how old
friends 1?; may drift apart because some went one
way and others went another way . . . note that John
and Jim, that Mary and Alice maybe aren't such
good friends anymore . . . bitt that's one of the ad-
vantages of huts and sororities . . . yes, he's a good
fellow, but he belongs to—. i
A SNEAK ATTACK

Where were you during the atom bomb raid ’2 . . . I
have been asked to start it contest, to pick tiie "girl
I would most like to crouch and cover with." . . . anv

nominations?

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

ltATlN G—ALL- AMERICAN

VOL. XXXV Mill'cli 2. 195] No. 17

Number ltisiitiiiin-r
.\~soi'|.‘t|i-t| l'iiili';.'l.iii- l’t'vss i‘iilli‘niati‘ “Hid”
:l'lit' iititli-i'gi'ioliiait- ||i'\\’s|i.I]ii-I' or it“. _\.-w Yorl, .s'inio t‘oi
i|:l,:t' Iol' 'lt'di‘lii'l'rt. |itl|i.|~|ii'Il t-\'i'i',\' |"i‘lil:iy' iil‘ lllI‘ i‘tllll'il“
year by the .\I'I\\.\' iloai'ii for the Student .\ssiii'l.|il||i|
l’iioiii-s, lv'i'iizol, '_’ '.Il'i|'_': \\'ollt-, \tl tIJiIL‘; \II it, .. tiiill \loiii
iii-rs iii the \l'l\\.\‘ ~l:t|l' may he i't-nelii-il 'iiiu-s-in .lllll
\\l'tll|l'.‘|lllv\ Hull) 7 in ii It!) p lil .il .'i '.||i|,‘

\‘l.\l(\' I-‘l‘2\7.lvli. - r — - r < Editor in tiiiel
(HILIHI‘I N\\.\ll'l'l. - - ~ » - - ('l)-.\Il|lllluill|{ I'liiitiii'
(l‘l'zit‘Ahll Ill N .\ - - « - - - t o \liiiingiiig I'Jdltor
l'.\ I'il.\ N \\'OI.I"I'I A - ~ v — I'ii|i|le lteliilloiiu l'.lllilll'
I'Ai'l. I5lf‘l|.\l.\N - - - - - — - — Mmi'ln i-Jillloi’
lllu\l'2lll.\ lil Ill.l\'l\' s a v — - ('lruulutloii Manager
.l\NI'2 t‘tltlli - — ~ 7 Advertising \IIIlItIKItl'
JUNIH'II I'LNIIY “ * llllnlllimu .‘liiliiiuel
l'l'lt‘llllJA ll.-\'i"l‘l.\i'l'l l‘i\elioligo I'ldliol
NUIIINI'I t'.\liflll.l. — Annelnle liltiitor
\‘H'TUIHA I'l.\ll|'l .‘hhtlt'lllli‘ ltiillltii'
t-ll.\(‘lt2 HMII'II — Anson-inti- l'Jdiior

 

.-\ll eoiiiiiniiiii-iitions nlpiutii i... 1..|.i.-.t,,,.,,..| 1.. ll... .-.|[t.y|‘ .mii
must he signed. .\nmcs \\ll| llt' within-Id upon I‘Htlh'a‘l
Illle S'i'A'l‘l‘l t'til.l.l'Itiltl NEWS :inniiiiii-s no i'i- Illllisllllllll
lol' opinions expressed in its iiiliiiniis Ul‘ t'oiiiiiiIiuieiilioiis
"" "lli'll "\I"'t'i\loiis do not iii'vcssni'iiy i'o|,ei't Its in w

 

NEWS llOAltl) ISSUE

 

“W9

 

 

 

 

   

STATE COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. MARCH 2. 1951

PAOI I

 

Paces Win Over Harpur

 

 

Bob Brown,
playmaker
and
leading
rebounder
on
this year’s
Purple
and Gold
Varsity
Basketball
Quintette

 

Angels FaceiRettops ln lM Play;

Vermonters Rally

Things Hit Record 82
As Siegel Scores 38

The Angels face the Rettops and
Potter Club meets Kappa Beta in
tomorrow's important intramural
basketball contests. KDR will open
the day‘s activities in a game against
the Redskins at 1:30 pan.

Monday. the Vermonters squeez-
ed by the Rcttops by a 35-30 count.
The winners. ahead by one point
at the half, staved off a belated
rally by the Rettops, and won on the
strength of a 14 point second half
effort by Bill Tierney. Tierney had
20 points for the night to pace both
teams.

On the same night, the Finks
trounced the Rousers, 59-37 and the
Beavers rolled over the Commuters
by a 48-26 count. D011 Sonberg's
19 was high for the Finks, while
the Rousers were lead by Tom
Soule‘s 17. Don Burt and George
Lampman each had 14 points for
the Beavers.

Angels 'l‘op Annex

In games on Saturday, the Angels
topped the Annex, 55-38; the Knicks
beat the Redskins, 56-32; and the
Things run up a record 82 points
in swamping the VDZ five. 82-24.
Dlek Setgel outscored the VDZ team
by hooplng 38 points.

Last. night, the Saints met Thur-
low, SLS faced the Rams, and Van—
Dt‘i'Zt‘t‘ played the Commuters, in
games played too late to meet the
News deadline. The ’l‘liiiigs lllt‘t‘l the
Beavers and the Filllis tangle with
Tlllll‘ltm' in next week‘s top games.

Peds Beat Harpur,
Drop Oneonta Tilt

(Continued from Page 1, Column .3!
The tables were turned oil tin-
pi'evioiisly “iiot-liundetl" Pcds lllr~i
Friday night. 'l'hc lt‘l'l'illt' shooting
pace that broke all l'ntze llull s or-
ing records the week hetoi'i- \\’;is
missing from the Pods and in llli'll
tlie lit‘.l l)i';ii1iiiis ll‘tllil (lll"tilil;l had

no ti'ollbli- in hitting with j'l'tiltiillltl
tlt‘t'tll‘ttt‘j’ A three man «liii‘ottl; :ii—
tnck gave (‘oncli Siovenski's tjtilll-

it'l its sixth \it'ltll‘_\ lllls year by
it 71-bit cotiiii.

()1in once was llll' outcome ot the
game in doubt that was all ‘r the
Iiiltilttt“- ot the set-out halt h id gone
by when titan- drew up to trail in
40-30. llowever. in the next two min-
utes titieoiitii si'ot'ctl t'lHlll points
to break lllt‘ giiiin' open. liotii lllllll~
nieton ant ('ll\t‘ .im-oiiseii stoh- .'\l-
biniy passes and scored. and Al
Kuhn dropped in two set. shots.

Al Kachii, who scored 2:) points,
and liol) Brown, who played his
iisunl great game. were the only
Stiitcsiiieii who kept the home team
ill the game. ()ulside oi iinehii‘s
and Brown's :illtitlllllH the Feds
were stopped cold; even the high
scoring "Nate" li‘illlck was held to
two fieltl goals.

To Win By Five

 

Gamma Kaps Top
Varsity Bowlers

’I‘liose five statesmen you've
seen walking the Draper Hails
with their heads bowed during
this past week are probably the
varsity bowling quintettc.

But Gamma Kappa Phi. now
the holder of a hard won vic-
tory over these same varsity
five, are proudly boasting their
five top—notch keglers for “All-
American" honors in the ten-
pin garlic:

“lliek Hoover" Wilkinson.

"Strike-Spare” Gazulis.

"Ned Day" Blaising.

“Andy Varipapa" Mayakis.

“Anchor-man" Salm.

The now renowned challenge
match between Gamma Kap
and the Varsity took place Sun-
day afternoon at the Rice Al-
leys. Although the men took the
. t and third matches by large.
margins, the Green and Gold
triumphed by one pin in the
second.

  

(incidentally, the Varsity gave
the sorority team a handicap of
til?) pins each game.)

 

Bowling Quintette Takes Two Contests,

Stretches Lead Over Siena To 4 Games

 

Idle SLS's Lead Slips As Potter,
Beavers Triumph ln lM Bowling

In Intramural bowling this week, Potter Club closed
in on league-leading Sigma Lambda Sigma by taking three
games from the Fearless Five by forfeit. The third-place
Beavers also gained on the idle leaders as they took two out

of three from the Finks.

In other games in the circuit, fourth place Kappa Beta
dropped two to the Rousers, and the Saints moved into a tie

with KB for fourth by edging

 

Junior Peds Cop

Two,- Seek Win
In ABC Contest

In a game of rough and tumble,
the Jay Vee’s took their fifteenth
win of the season from an outclassed
LaSalle Alumni team from Troy.
The final score was 60-45. Tonight
the Peds meet the ABC Varsity
in a return match on the Page Hall
Court.

Unlike their first encounter when
the Feds just barely eeked out an
overtime victory, the home forces
were in command of the game from
the first whistle.

Stress Ball Control

Opening slowly, the JVs were in
control of the ball for several min-
utes, but held the scoring to a min-
imum while they stressed passing,
and waited for the shooting oppor—
tunities to open up. Because of the
stress on ball control, the score
at half time was 29-15, with the
visitors on the short count.

Opening up in the attack during
the second half, both sides quick-
ened the pace. with only the score
indicating that the men from La-
Salle kept on even terms with the
locals. In the last quarter, John
Contra was hitting from all angles,
as the Feds rolled into high gear.
Giordano Paces Ped Scorers.

Scoring honors for the night were
taken by Edson, of LaSalle who
split the nets for 14, and Doug Hoyt
who chipped in with 13 for the
loosing cause. Peter Giordano led
the home forces with 13, closely
followed by Centra with 11 and
Jim Bennet‘s 9.

Last Friday night, the Juniors
just managed to pull a close game
with cableskill out of the fire, as
they hung on to win by a single
basket, the final count reacting 50
to 48. In this game the Pods manag-
ed to blow a half-tithe lead of 17
points.

Art Goldin, hitting from all an-
gles, led all scorers with 20 points.

Keglers To Ask Appropriation
To Finance Tournament Journey

State (‘olli'ue's Varsity Howling
teniii will ask Student. Association
ior $141! dolltii's in today's assembly
lilt‘i'llll‘i, to tinunce the entry oi the
tram iii lllt‘ New York State (‘ol—
it {liilt‘ litmllll“, 'l'onrinimeiii to be
hill in l‘lliilltit early in March.

\lillttllt'll the request t'tllllt‘s be-

ioi'w Hiiiiii'iit Association iiiii'ecoiii-
mended by llll' Student Board of it‘l-
ll.|li e. lit-causi- oi the general poli-
c'. the lioui'd. lllt' latter has waned
lll title \\t‘t"{ \\.|lllll‘.‘, period or-

:‘niirih l‘t'tlllll't‘tl ot llllillit'lill ino-
tioiis. The Howlers pleaded that the
motion must he presented today. or
it would be too late to fill“ an
tilli'\ tee tor the tourney.

.‘3.\ men \\ill trait-l to l‘lllllll'il to
l'illl'tit‘lll State. 'ilii- team has $32
man a budget line, which will be
It ed to :~ll|)|)lt‘lllt'lil the requested
“.4113. A .i'tlti entry the has to be
illt'tl by lle.\t ’l‘nesday.

'ihi- entering teams will be di-
\Itll'll into llll't'l' (in t.~.ions. depending
upon the enrollment of the school.

Lack Of Adequate Rebeamls
Halts WAA—D8iA Fiacas

line to lack of adequate rehear—
sals. the "basketball" game l)i‘l\\‘t‘L‘ll
WAA and HA'A Council has been
p ipoiied niitil ’i‘iiesdiiy at ii p. in.

 

MI Bowling $l‘anafa’n9d

 

'l‘eaiii \V 1.
Sigma Lambda Sigma  24 Il
I’tllli'l‘ (‘lllli Jr) 5
Homers .21 ii
Kappa lit-tn l7 lti
Hunts 17 10
Jet ps . . Iii iii
l"illl(.\ ill l-i
'l‘liurtow l2 15
Kappa Delta ltho . ll 15)
liottsci‘s ii iii
Snatus 1.). ill
leits . . ,. .. .. l 20
li‘eurless It'lt'c .   0 27

the sixth ranking Jeeps twice.
Other games saw the Splits take
their first game of the season, from
KDR, as the Boulevard boys took
two. and the Thurlow team take
two from the Snafus, after drop-
ping the first by 17 pins.

Burkowsky Stars for KB

Individual honors for the day
were swept by Mitch BurkOWSky,
KB captain, as he hit for a 212
middle game and a 523 triple. How-
ever, the KB team faltered after
taking the first close one, and the
Rousers edged them in the second
game by 11 pins, and then walked
off with the third game by close to
100 pins.

Games of 200 were also turned in
by Potter‘s Lyle Walsh, who hit for
207, and Bob Kirby, who came
through with a 205, although the
Potter team was rolling without 0p-
posit'ion as the Fearless Five for-
feited three games. This extended
the Five‘s current streak to 2'7 with-
out a win.

Beavers Strengthen Hold on Third

The Beavers, in taking two games
from the Finks to strengthen their
hold on third place, encountered
little difficulty except in the second
game, which they dropped by 29
pins. Roaring back in the third
game, however, they hit 860, high
game for the season, as Bernard
toppled the wood for a 199, and
Hubbard supported with a 190.

Without bowling this week. since
his league leading SLS team was
idle. Clarence Oarr retained his lead
in the race for individual honors, as
his 181 average gives him a 17 pin
lead over his nearest rivals. The
race for second honors is much
tighter, however. as Lyle Walsh and
Bob Deincrs have 164's followed by
McCorinick’s 161. Julsto rounds otit
the first five with his 160.

’54, ’53 Split
Rivalry Swimming

With the men of the Class of 1954
rallying alter the. Soph women had
taken the first points of the Rivalry
Swim, the freshmen have maintain-
ed the four point “spread” between
the two classes in rivalry points.

For the women of ’53. the whole
story is told by citing two ninnesw
Loraine Migliaccio and Lois Behian.
Teaming to take all three events,
they outdistaiiced the fresh women
in the crawl. thi- biicksti'oke relay,
and the free—style relay.

Willi the men, the story was just
the reverse, the men of ‘54 taking
i'our events out of five, including
the 50 yard dash, taken by Bob
Rivers. the breast stroke, in which
Frank Mayer oiitlusted George,
Siniilliiig, aitd the underwater swim,
which was copped by litil Stunts.
liill Kleiiiiioini-i' swam oil with the
back stroke title. The Soph relay
team oi Paul Ward and t’aul llel—
singer rallied to cop one event, pre-
venting the i'reslniien from making
a clean sweep.

The Sophomores will meet ilie
freshmen next on March ti. 7. and
13, when the rivalry basketball
games will be, played.

 

SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD

— ON FOOD COSTS —— SAVE 10%

CAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1918
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

198- 000 CENTRAL AVENUE

MEAL TICKETS —

ALBANY. N. 1.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

Give 123 Pins,-
lSink' Hits 215

Carrying the third and deciding
game down to the last frame, State’s
Varsity keglers came through with a.
six pin win over Pharmacy, taking
two of three games Wednesday
night. Meanwhile second place st-
ena was dropping two to ABC. thus
falling four games behind the
league leaders.

Getting off to a slow start, State
dropped the first game to the boys
from Pharmacy, as they felt the ef-
fects of giving up a 123 pin handl-
eap to the druggists. The second
game was salted away by the Pedn
by 49 pins, but it was the third and
deciding game that raised the ten-
sion to a fever pitch.

In the tenth frame of this game,
State was behind as Don McDonald
stepped to the line. The pressure
was on as Mac needed a spare to
pull the game out of the fire. With
members of all four teams watching.
Don picked up the needed spare, and
State took the game by six pins.

While State took its two games, it
also gained another game on trail-
ing Siena, as the boys from London-
vilie could salvage only one game
from the third running ABC team.
Sinkledam Hits 215

Leading the team to victory was
Bob Sinkledam, who hit for a 215
middle game and a 553 triple. Don
McDonald and Carmen Corsi each
contributed a 203 in the third game
thriller.

The match with ABC, held over
from earlier in the season, which
was originally slated for yesterday,
has been postponed until Thursday
afternoon at the Siena alleys. Game
time for this match is 4 13.111.

 

 

League Standings W L
State College .......................... .. 4O 11
Siena ........................................ .. 36 15
Albany Business College  18 33
Pharmacy ................................ .. 8 43
State-Pharmacy Match

State 1 2 3 To.
Burt .................. .. 145 129 410
Cassetta  150 135 445
Corsi ............ ..  151 203 512
Sinkledam  . 215 157 553
McDonald 179 203 530

Totals ....... .. 783 840 827
Pharmacy 1 2 3 To.
Lynn ................. .. 94 125 125 344
Pezzuco 185 155 144 484
Lee .......... ..  145 121 150 416
Marlowe  149 120 132 401
Monk .......... ..  136 147 147 430
Handicap ........ .. 123 123 123 369
Totals ....... .. 832 791 821

 

10% DISCOUNT T0
STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
‘ s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s s

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  

 

 
 
 
   
   
  
   

  
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
    
 
   
  
    
    
   
   
 
  
   
    
 
    
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
    
 
           
       
     
   
   
     
     
 
    
  
    
  
           

   

