 

 

 

 

 

 

«Mil I

Insurance Revived . . .

This week Student Council voted on a program
which potentially has a far-reaching effect on each
member of Student Association. After hearing repre-
sentatives from two companies—American Progressive
and Omaha Mutual—the Council voted to continue
our affiliations with Art Kapner and his company.
the Omaha Mutual.

The new company, offered us a policy calling for
premiums of $23.75 for men. and $18.95 for women.
Our present policy calls for a premium of $25 for
everyone. However, it appeared that the American
Progressive is basing much of its reasoning on the
anticipation of selling 1200 policies at State College.
This year, the peak one. there are 630 policy holders.

In explaining last year’s increase. it was pointed out
by the representative that over the past three years
the company has paid as claims 92 per cent. 107 per
cent, and 96 per cent of each dollar taken. Thus we
either were or approached the point of being. a losing
proposition.

0n the other side. the lower premium would be
the price for at least one year. and there is nothing
to indicate. at the present time. that it would be
more in other years. In fact. there is no assurance
that either company will hold to the same prices,
either up or down.

We think that Student Council made a wise choice.
In the past we have receiVed excellent service from
Art Kapner. He has done much to stimulate interest
in the students in some form of medical coverage.
and possibly has laid the groundwork for what should
eventually come—compulsory insurance for every stu-
dent. His office has always been available to us for
answers to our questions.

From our point. however. we think that making
the established company justify its policy once in
a while is good business. At least it then becomes
aware that it has no sinecure. Nevertheless. if we must
change, lets make sure that we get something that
is better than what we have.

Bad To Worse . . .

Few people can predict elections with any accuracy.
and we do not intend to go out on the limb trying to
predict winners either. There is one prediction that
can be made with a great degree of assurance that
only a handful (thirteen perhapsi of people will be
satisfied with the results of the Myskanla election.

To us it seems rather ludicrous that over 10 per cent
of the Junior class should be nominated for this of-
fice. In case you haven‘t counted them. there are 37
candidates.

What does it mean? It seems that there are two
possible solutions to the question. Either there are
no outstanding members of the class of 1952. as far
as the qualifications for the office are concerned. or
that there is something wrong with the system under
which they are chosen. Overlooking the first suggest-
ion let us look at the system under which they are
now chosen.

Until five years ago. Myskania was a self-perpet-
uating body. vested with the same duties as possessed
by the present group. Then the present system was
inaugurated. At first it was assumed 1judging from
the ballots from the past five years) that the out-
going Myskania would make full use of its peroga-
tive to recommend ten candidates, on which the stu-
dent body would voice only a “yes” or "no" decision.
To fill the remaining positions and assure that worthy
candidates were not overlooked. nominations were
made. both from Myskania and Student Association.
In later years. however. Myskania has not followed
this procedure.

It seems to us that Student Association should
strongly consider the possibility of returning to the
seemingly undcinocraticwbui certainly more able to
recognize ability—method of self — perpetuation of
Myskania. One other system has been presented for
a revamping of the judicial branch of Strident Gov-
ernment. and that is to have an appointed body of
five members, none of whom hold any other office
under Student Association of a purely honorary body.

Perhaps. the first step in solving this and other
problems. facing us for next your is to choose today
:is our lcadcrs those who possess all the necessary
ability. knowledge. and leadership to cope with them.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 27

0 am. 12 noon Womcn's Aihlciic Associuiion
clcciions ouisidc Commons.

8:30 pm 1:! mid. PM (hiinniu ()pcn Housc

i1 p.111. 1 pm. I‘lflu'ni‘il I'lldrcd Poitcr Club l"o1‘-

mul ut ihc Auruniii Club.
SA’l‘l'llliAY. APRIL 28

2:30 pm. ltivulry Softball on Pugc l"1cl(l

1:00 pm. :3 pm. SMILES Skirting Party at lloi‘t-
innn's Skuiclund.

0 pm 1 11.111 Vun licrzcc I“()1‘lllill of Van licr—

zcc Iliill.
SI‘NDAY. Al’ltll. 20
1:15 pm. SMILES llikc I.('11\'1‘S li'()1i1 ihc
Albiniy Ilouic for (,‘lnldrcn.
Kuppii llctu "'l‘rue-Aidc" Putty
ill thc Kappa llctu housc

iiiilii pm. 1‘: mid.

’I'l'I'ZSllA Y. MAY 1

3230 p.111. Kappa Phi Kappa mccting in ihc
Lounge

’l‘lll'liSllAY. MAY :5

12 noon Illl(‘l"Viil’>llx (.‘lil‘lsiiliill li‘cllov .

ship niccinig iii Room 23.
7.30 pm (‘hrisiiuu Scioiicc Mcctiiig in
lioom lll. 1.)rupcr.

ITAI'I COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 27. 1051

‘70 Full 7/“

Won! 04 Illa!

7:: Pad ‘71:. Wool, 74d .74 7/“ 2mm

 

Having handed the retired "cow-
boy" at the anterior part of the bus
the appropriate fee.- namely twelve
"centavos." a bright and shiny new
penguin awaits its first glimpse of a
state institution. The genteel bounc-
ing on the cobble stones of the city's
main thoroughfare lulls our “un-
ciued" little friend into a few brief
moments of slumber. During the in-
terval, we four-dimensional mind-ed
math majors are able to peer into
its little head at the dream which is
about to unfold.

Here is the vision. Stretching as
far as the eye can see, the 01:1 Pork
State College for Teachers and
Others unrolls itself majestically
"plum" in the middle of Albranny.
The campus. acclaimed throughout
the world for the color of its grass.
pres‘nts a breath-taking spectacle.
Shady walks crisscross the campus
giving «evidence of the time and ef-
fort expended in its design and con-
struction. To our left the extensive
recreational facilities of the college
catch the eye of which the tennis
courts appear to be the outstanding
feature. One court is a gently roll-
ing macadam job and the others are
finished in clay. In back of the ath—
letic ﬁeld where two girl ﬁeld hockcv
teams are vying for the league lead-
ership. one sees the golf course and
the ski trails. It has been said that
one can see the state office building

 

ewmlu'cdiand

 

To The Editor

“What is this thing called Mys-
kania"? a question being thrown
around lately after some acrutiniz-
ation of the averages of Myskania
prospects. Honor society. collection
of scholars plus leaders. school gen-
ius and talent. or just “good Joes“
who devoted their time to pursuit
of extra curricular activities rather
than their studies. or just what?

It is certainly agred that the con-
stitutional definition does not agree
with the choice of candidates and
certainly not with the recommenda-
tion of our present organization.
What to do r???

The more radi-al person would
say. let's get rid of it completely.
because we do not need a judiciary
when the voice of the full student
body can be measured in any ques-
tion. and since the structure of the
organization does not fulfill its con-
siiiutional obligations.

The conservative would say. let‘s
make the constitution meet the type
of candidate Myskania nominutions
seem to push to the fore.

Then there‘s the freshmen girl
who goes to bed curly every night
so she can dream of the (1in when
her Myskiinia key is drupcd around
her neck (Thus explaining hcr low
nvci'ach. who wants dcspci‘utcly to
see Myskniiiu kept in its present
form.

To». your coin. innkc up your
mind; nothing much will huppcn.
but it‘s fun to talk about it.

I'lilwin I). Klil‘lilllili‘l' ‘51

 

[not Wee/z
9n .4qu

A-scinbly lust \\cuk wits liltillv
lighted by crimpinin spccclics oi

 

‘.iiii1.iinics for the Siudcnl Assuri—
.11:on oiliccs o1 l’rcsi;icnt_ Vll‘ﬁ-
I‘i‘cxidi-nl. und S.ci'i-1ni'y All oilicl'

cuiuiiiiiiii-s Ior SA oil'iccs 1111'! MW—
kiiinu wci'c inii'oduci-d lo the sin—
dcni body

(‘iiiidlilulcs ioi' Si-i'i'ci.i|'i spokc
first iollowcd by tliosc running for
1h- powilion oi V1cc~l’rc.~.ii1ciil ’l‘lic
l’i'i nit-1111.11 i‘illl(ll(lllli‘r» \\crc llicn
introluccd b\ 1licir ('1illl|)illl-'.ll inun—
no. 1'» no.1 pi‘csciiicd ilu- points of
Ilicn' plulioi'ins

By RAY CHAMPLIN

 

from the ninth green. How could
one school have so muohl? The field
house unfortunately does not permit
us a peek at the fabulous swimming
pool. but we can see to our amaze-
ment that the locker rooms are right
next to the gym. Such luxuries!

Before us lie the towering ivy halls
of learning. to which happy hordes
of carefree students jog oath morn-
ing as the need arises. Here in a
traditional atmosphere one receives
just the proper pinch of progres-
sivlsm 1?). The library we find is
quiet and peaceful, and through a
window. one observes industrious
students working under non-flicker-
ing fluorescent lights. One shelf of
old books has recently been confis-
cated in order to purchase two extra
crates of ping pong balls for a rump—
us room known as the "select."

The modern buildings to our right
are the "dorms." Students from oth-
er less fortunate schools are allowed
to stay in them in order that they
might be filled at least to the fourth
floor. It seems odd. but in the back-
ground. one ohserves a group of
wealthy men removing the smolder-
ing plaster board. ruins of an emer-
gency housing project.

Now as we turn slowly around our
tyes fall on the highlight of the
campus. Nestled in a little hollow
amidst an atmosphere of pines and
chattering grey squirrels is a crys-
tal clear pool of aqua. A little foot
bridge marches gracefully over the
quiet waters and a boat house near
the end of the lake hides the rowing
team from view Ah. Utopia!

Whoa. yells the jockey. and the jar
of the stopping btis brings our little
penguin to its feet. It gathers up
its gear. straightens its bcany. trips
over two people and stumbles grace-
fully to the curb. it lifts its eyes
with expectation and the hoax is
ended. Old Pork State is just an
ordinary school.

Let us see if this heart rendering
little episode could not occur at our
own institution. Remember the one
real farce. portraying the life at
State College shown in Assembly
first semester? Another film is now
in the making. Will this be a replica
of the first production'.’ I trust it will
not be. Our school can speak for
itself. Why not let it?

 

7min' 9n 7/re 7oam

 

State College and the City of A1-
1)uii_v will play hosts to the Collegi-
ntc Singers and Crane String Quar-
tet of Pot:~dum Stute TUIli'lll-l‘S Col-
lege on Tuesday. The groups will
urrivc at State 11L 4:30 pm. and
will be rcccvicd by a student com—
mittee illlli will show them to the
Lounge where they will be able to
rest until dinner. Dinner will be
served to them in the Cufcteriu
iiiid after dinner. they will lcuvc for
(Thzuiccllor's H.111 whcrc tlicv will
pcriorm ill 8:30 p. m.

The chorus and quurzci are under
the dircciioii oi Hclcn Hosnci' und
Brock le'Elth‘on ol' the (fully l)c—
pui'tm. lll of Music of Poisuuu Siztlc
'1 he :rou..s urc Ill 1112 sponsorinl by
tlic Music l)cp:11'1niciii of Album
11111.1 21nd iiic ( 1':1111‘ Alumni 1)cpur1—
ilii'lll. Bicli's “.\‘1ugnil'icu:" w.ll lJi‘
oil'ci'.’-.1uslhcnuiinwoi‘k :in.1 lll l‘1'-
iimiiidir o: ilic program will consist
<11st of lirulnn's "l.o\c Si:11:.' \Villl»
/.l.\. Si‘li'i‘lioils from "'1111- N‘l.l:.lilo‘

spiiiluills lilifl n \‘ill‘lf'l_\ ol liliiii‘l'll
ounce iuiu-s. 112.crjon'. iiul juii‘lii‘ll-
l.il'l_\ >lll.ll'lil.\ from Fluic. .u'c 1111;1-
i'tl lo the pcrlorinuucc ’1'uc~-duy
night '1'ic1~:c1s will lic $7.“). tux iii—
i-liizlcil

'lhzr. 1\ un mnznicc noii .I (I ilu-
\illl’. higznnin: lii‘\l ‘.\ -cl\'. oi lulu-is
lill' llli‘ pcrloi‘muncc o1 ilic S.in .‘.11'-

lo (in l'il Company. Muy :1'.’ ul (‘lmii-
'clloi":~ llull 'l'lu- i‘iilllliilll‘. \\lll pi‘c-

.‘w‘lll '(‘uiullci'iu liusliciiini” uiid
'l’ugllucci” bolii oii 'l‘ncsdm 111'4lli
'lhc iii'li'ln \\‘1ll lii' oil silli- .ii llli'

l'lillll'l‘ ’l‘licnicr 211111 “1” run '1‘ iroin
Sillil io lilltiil 'I'hc wailing i';i|iiii'1l\
illi(l iiclx‘cis iii'c llllllli‘il. so 3;. >1 \onr
iicitch :1.» curly us possiblc

"Ikipii Ix, All.’ it l’cnnsihuinn
liulch com d). will conclude llS 11111
:11 llic l’luyiiousc scusoii on Muy 5)

Gammon-Staten

By HARVEY MILK

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
rot necessarily reflect those of the STA“ COLLIN).
:isws.

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

Einstein once said that. “We do not weigh voteS,
just count them." In saying that I believe he meant
that in our country the vote of a bum or drunk
counts just as much as the vote of a student of P011-
tical Science or an economist. Maybe it should
and maybe it shouldn’t. But I don't think so and I
base my opinion on the elections held at State. Too
many people aren‘t qualified to cast a ballot in most
elections. They don’t know who is running. the abili-
ties of those who are running. and the responsibi-
lities of the officers to be filled. Whose fault is it? The
voters and the candidates; but today we will vote for
our leaders not knowing their qualifications or how
they stand on any controversial issue. And the votes
of the freshmen will count just as much as those of
the seniors and juniors who know just who‘s a
phony and not. Several years ago it was brought up
that the freshmen should not vote for Who‘s Who
because they don't know the seniors well enough.
The same is true for President of SA. and Myskaniii.
It is said that they pay their student tax and should
be allowed to vote. I paid by taxes to the federal
government and will serve the same in the armed
forces but that doesn‘t allow me to vote in national
elections.

INSURANCE

Student council made one of the smartest deci—
sions that body has ever made when they voted not
to change the student medical policy. They used
their heads in deciding not to shop around for bar-
gains when dealing with an important thing as
health. Please see your student council representa-
tives for all the facts on the issue. Hats off to the
council.

 

IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION

Kappa Beta should be given credit for the Cancer
Fund show their pledges gave last Thursday in which
they collected almost a dollar a minute. It was in
my knowledge the first time any State frat has put
their pledges to work for something constructive and
beneficiary. Other i‘rats should follow along and usc
the pledges to help society instead of using them as
targets for paddles: or would that be admitting an-
other frat was right and yours was wrong?
—Phi Dclt has also stopped in the right direction
by throwing out all restriction clauses in thcir con—
stitution . . . congrats to you girls

FAULTY LEADERS

Someone pulled a blunder in the disqualification of
several people from running for office. Some of
those disqualified have appealed. And they have u
strong case. When they are misled by Myskaiuu
they can't be blamed. Myskaniu was ncg‘ligcnt some—
where and punished not themselves but candidates.

GET THE BEST

Today you will decide who is to lead us as president
next year. One qualification. and an important onc
too. is a good speaker. Someone who can lead and
guide us. Someone who can speak without SLIlllllllOl'lillJ.
all over the place. Think back to the speeches of last
week and which speaker comes to your mind first. Hc
probably is the best. And think not only what 11 good
smile the candidates have but if they are sincere or
not. Lcl‘s put a worker in and not It phony.
ANI) “'IIY

. does the co-op churgc ten cents to cash :1 clicck

. . isn‘t any complete information rclcuscd to thc
News on the whole situation of the new dorms

. isn‘t the suggestion box locked

. .ircn'i the suggestions in the box token to Dr.

Collins every week

. . don‘t people who participate in class :iciivitics

pay their dues

. do pcoplc still vote strickly on f'ruicrniiy und

sorority liucs . . docs membership in ouc group

und not :inothcr incun u person is bctlci' quulilicd'.’

 

STATE COLLEG E N Eli's

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

IiA'l‘lN(i—«ALL-AMICIII(‘:\N

VOL. XXXV April ‘37. lllﬁl No 3'1
\l-lnl-il' ll “ ‘ri ‘1
\-m I'!1i I‘lli_‘.l'i l'ii»- I  .1 l' I '
Ilc llll‘.‘l,lI-lili|'1 ion |‘i|>-l .1 i"..- \i-iv 11-11. \"i'. I'ol
.1“ my I 1.1..i- poo.~|...t .\ '\ ll'lvlll ..| 11.. i'o:l-.‘
\I‘.i1' ll‘ “Ii \l:\\.\' llrull'i I11 in \ n-lii. \» t-i.. l‘
l'lli'lll l-ii/i _"il'."'- \\- - s'li‘Il' iii .1. ill ‘1”
\l‘lllll1l~iil it. \|.\\\ . 1- 1‘I'1I l1 .l;ii l
\\niiuvxilr. III-lit I 3.. 11 III ;- u . . li' .'
\I \I(\- I I \'/I- I. I .liiur 111 (incl

(.iil llll'i N“ \llll
(il'2li.\l.ll Ill \\

in Hill gun; Iiiiloi
in \l in until; I iliilir

I \ |".l \ \ \\OI I I. l’iililii ll: luliuu~ I rl I‘ll
I'\l I. III ( ll\|\\ - - 7 Sports I’ll'l‘”
III \ I' III\ Ill III I\|\ iii'riil IiiIIII \IiIII-llli‘l
J \\ I‘? liltllx r .\i|ii'i‘li-iug \Iiiunlli‘l
Ili‘I-Zl'll I'l lili\ Ilusimws \|.inugci

(I'Il I‘.I.| \ ll\'l"l‘l-‘|‘I
\Illll\l‘ (\Ilhll l.
\Il'l'lil€|\ I‘I\|H'L
fi|l\i I'I hilllll

I‘ \thzrngc I'.illllll
\~~iii'liilc lilliiu
\ssiii'iiili- Ixiliiol
.\NHI|!'IIIII' liliioi

 

 

\lIIlllllllllllli'?|lt.ill\ ~l.oi|1.| 1.. i.|i|i. --.-l 1.. ii. ..i 1r lll‘l

IIIil-il lu- ~lglilwi \.i|ip~. \\.. 1w “would own i"1‘1'*

lio S|\ll1 i‘lil.l.li1.l'l \lZ\\.\ I‘rllllli‘ or I jun Joint

Ioi‘ 141111-11" unlit -|<l to i‘ iillllliill ul’ Iiilillllilli' 11.1111

l' 11. i .|iIi on nln iiol lilii‘-«s.|i.1\ i'viw 1 Hi“
Ninjﬂjyﬁflh I:

 

 

.‘Q'

STATE COLLEGE NIWB.

KDR Topples Kappa Beta;

Mathews Starts
Umpiring Stall

This afternoon. the Vermonters
made up of grad students. will meet
a strong Leftover team on Page
Field. It will be the opening game
for each club. the Vermonters hav-
lllg forfeited to KB last Friday.

In the National League. a strong
KDR team defeated KB. 11-2. John
Allasio pitching a one hit game for
KDR.

The American League dominated
play. scheduling three games. Last
Saturday, the Beavers downed the
Rams 16-5. The winning pitcher
was Dave Clark; the losing pitcher
Don Burns who was relieved by Joe
Dolan in the third. In the second
game of the (lay. the Finks defeated
the Karlavrrs. Yesterday the Angels
met the Beavers.

The only game in the Interna-
tional League was won by the Jerks
who defeated the Philosophers 21-4.
Wednrsday‘s game between the Bis-
cuits and the Commuters \\'.is mined
out.

An intensive schedule is planncd
until i l.‘ end of May. playing one
or t\ J games nightly chinning
Monl .iy. Triple headers are sched—
uleo for Saturdays. Teams expected
to dominate play are Potter and
KDR in 1h: National with SLS rat-
ed as a possible dark horse. The
Finks. last yrar‘s champs. are ex-
pected to be their closest contenders.

A new officiating plan has been
announced by Manager lid Mirt—
hcws. A hand-picked umpiring stillT.
to be briefed by (‘ouch Hathaway.
will cover all lcitguc games. indivi-
dual teams providing- the base um-
pircs.

/ l/
I Rosslers Beoi

ABC,- Complete
Perfect Record

State College's wrestling team
closed the curtain on a highly suc-
ccssi‘ul season last week with a win
over the ABC aggregation. This
was the third victory in thch at-
tcmpts for the Giii'ciiimcn.

State's grupplers won four of the
five contests against the Business-
mcn. Two of these were plus with
the other two victories coming on
points. The remaining match was
won by the losers with :1 pin.

Fi'cshmun Phil Billings made :1
short night of it in the 130 lb. class
pinning Harrington of ABC in 28
seconds. .loc I..oinburdi won 1lic only
other full for Siulc wilh il pin of
Rincllu in 3515. ll‘curbuch and
Scliuizlc went thc distuncc to win
on points. Milk was (lcfcuicd by
Miller in the 172 lb. class by :1 pin
in 13:55.

(liirciit Pleased Willi licsulls

Couch (illl'i'lli sizilcd lluii 11c \\':is
highly pleased with the showing
Iluu Stutc mudc und is all but ll\\'i‘(l
ill the promisc und ubiliiy shown
by the men in ilicir first ycnr out.

It is pluniu-d to rcsunic uclivilics
111 llll' curly purl o1 ()ciobcr with
the sounds sights bcing sci on

cnongli cundlduics 1o csiublish u
l'i‘L’illill' inicr—collcgiulc pi'ogrniu.
(‘oucii (lurcni is conl'idcni iliui

wi'csilnig ui Sluic will lic i'uiscil
from “club” slunding to u \:ll'Sll)
spoi'i. Willi lhc uildilion o1 liliil'i'
conipciillon. Slaiic's sound liopcs lo
udd ncw liiin'cls to its pci'i’oi‘ninncc
so 1111'.

’l'cniuiiic pluns 1or ncxi ycui‘ lil-
(lll(l(' u ll‘lli lo Long lslund \\lll'l’i'
Ilicrc :ii'c hopcs of meeting sonic
ol' ilic lui'gcr Nll'll'illiiillliill :~l|llzlil>

Beavers Defeat ‘Rams

 

State Golf Slated
May 19-20 At Muny

Inclement weather has ham-
pered the beginning of the men’s
[M Golf thus far. and the fi-
nal date for the entrants (any
body) to hand in their first
card has been set back to May
4, a week from today. These
cards must be in the hands of
Don Burns ‘52. not later than
that date.

The tentative date for this
handicap affair is May 19-20.
Director of Athletics Merlin lla-
thaway is attempting to secure
the use of the Municipal Golf
Course. site of the tourney. for
the contestants free of expense.
If successful. only those with
cards submitted by May 4 will
have the privilege of playing
on the Muny course Monday
thrii Friday for the remainder
of the semester without doling
out their own cash.

.
gaeaqdodrf’d fbour’ 31
By PAUL BUCI‘IMAN

Take 'cm for what they‘re worth.
but 1 think I‘ll make some major
eague predictions this. year too.

The Yankees in the American
League. Never bet against a cham-
pion. ’l‘licy've got the one thing of-
ten lacking on top-notch clubs that
maki's thcm consistent winners-—
CLASS. You can't beat it. As dark
horses in the American League.
watch Cleveland. They've got more
power than the lied Sox and as good
a pitching staff as the Yankees.

It's tougher to pick the senior ci1‘—
cuil cluimp. The Giants finished
with :i rush last year and look like
a well balanced team—~IF Hcai'n and
N‘uglic come through. Brooklyn has
at good solid club that is deep in all
positions. Dresscn can come home :1
wiimcr if he can effectively utilize
his erratic pitchers. The Phils. last
year's pennant winners, do not seem
us substantial on the hill as they
were lust summer. but don't count
111cm out.

The (lurk horses in this league are
the own from Bciintown — the
BI‘iUi‘S. 'l'licy'vc come through with
it strong surpriscr in Max Surkont.
ll (‘urdiniil casiol'i'. At this writing.
he's won two games in lllf' first wcck
of the season. Along with Bickford.
Spiilin. and Skill. they make it for-
midable mound stuff. And don't
(cunt out the Cardinals—the Ilickcy
miicliinc hasn't squcekcd to a coin—
plctc hiilt yet. It‘s too close to lllilki‘
ii definiti- pick and be sure—so I‘ll
choose it long shot. pick Boston. for
ll gamble; just hope that the Giants
will win; sit back and watch the
lloilg'crs make my picks look silly.
Somebody call me out of my cclliir
when the series is over.

’l‘licsc picks are giuu'uniccd 1101 to
be precisely uccui‘iiic in fut-1. you
pick your own. if you want. You rcud
the sumi- pupzirs I do.

 

 

 

 

Fruslraied

llcni 21 Plush Cllllli‘l‘il
and Shoot Your “Will ()i'l'!

BLUE NOTE SHOP

150 (‘cnlriil A ve. 033-02321

Opt-ii l‘lvcnings l'niil 0:00

 

 

_._—~______-.————-.

 

 

 

 

 

SAVE 10'”. -—— ON I-‘OOll (‘OS'I‘S —— SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD

PHONE 5-1913

"ill‘Ilt‘T AND EAT .-\'I‘ THE liOlll.”

1518-1300 ('lCN'l‘liAl. .~\vr:.\‘i'i
.\|l*l.\l. 'l‘li'lili'l‘s‘

_..—_-_. WW...—

CAFETEIllIi

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

— $3.51) Hill $5.011

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 27. 1951

I3}, 71:. W44 Peds To Tangle With
VF  Utica In Road Contest

 

The “girls with the pearls” are
back at their post with some toasts
for our spring captains.

Down the Dorm field way on
Monday or Friday afternoons from
3:30-5:30 p. m. we’ll soon see all the
old bats swinging down the field.
Limbering up their arm and back
muscles under the direction of Given
Gallivan ‘52. and Buzzie Burke '54.
are all the potential Bob Feller‘s.
Several girls are orientating them-
selves for the big year on their farm
teams. Several have had offers for
contracts from the Pirate 54's and
Red Socks 53‘s.

Scouts Fuller and Coykendall took
a check on the exhibition practices
last Saturday: the old timers
Rounding Third Reed and Babe
Paterson were there coaching the
"Greenics." New faces have appear-
ed at the campWRight-Arm Richter.
Zippy Zylko and Eat the Bat Burke.

A few of the former Ex-rivalists
were also on hand like Gait-a-Long
Gallivan. Hash It Out Haggerty.
Break-a-ch Baldino. and Atta-
Girl-Anna.

But the girls that the sweat. is re-
ally rolling off are the Sophomores.
T'hty are trying to arrange the score
to be 53-6 rather than 54—6 in that
daring Rivalry game.

Trekking up from the fabulous
Dorm Field. the weary scouts are on
their way to the nch assignman
and it's tennis. . . .

IM Volleyball Loop
Wovy With Forfeifs

The Intramural Volleyball League.
with 21 total of 18 teams. has had
but 8 games played since it was
started 3 weeks ago. This poor show~
ing is partly a reflection of conflicts
betwccn the administration and the
l igue manager. but is mainly the
cause of irresponsibility on the part
of the play ers themselves. On Thurs-
day night. a week ago. of the 6 teams
sclicdnlcd to play. only 3 appeared.
The result was one game played. one
Cllflill'); in a single forfeit. and one
in a double forfeit. This double for-
fcit was not to remain unique how-
cvcr. us it was rcpciilcd the follow-
ing Saturday. along with 2 other
>lllLLlf‘ forfeits. If any more of this
negligence of commitments is forth-
coming the termination oi the leu-
guc altogether is more than likely.

Davey Announces Ping Pong
Doubles Slate,- 16 Pairs Enter

Doubles touriicys for men in ping
pong urc rciidy to swing iiiio il('l.l(lll
vcry shortly. according to Tony
Duvcy. this year‘s manager. Alto-
gcllicr 33 inch comprising 16 tennis
ll:i\:' i‘cgisicrccl. 1)n\‘cy also added
that :ill gumi-s up to the semi—finals
will l):* dccidcd by it 1] out of 3 gumc
nuii'gni. From ihcn on n icnm will
how to lukc ii out of :3 to cop ihc
mitt ch. Lust ycur's whnicrs. Cole and
Strauss. Ill‘c split this ycui'. and will
|)l‘.l_\' wilh Former and A1 Brown
i‘i‘spccliyi‘l)‘.

 

Joe Gives Boaters
Tough Spring Drill

Coach Joe Garcia has had
about 30 men out for soccer
spring practice for the past
week. Among the spring enthu-
siasts there are about a dozen
new faces. Joe is still looking for
more talent and welcomes any-
one who would llke to play soc-
cer.

The past week has been de-
voted to conditioning and indiv-
idual skills such as "trapping."
ball handling. and “heading.”
The remainder of the spring so-
journ will be spent on scrim-
maging and will be capped with
a game with one of the top am-
ateur clubs of the local area.

Garcia has worked hard on
next year's schedule. He hopes
to play eleven games and to date
has his home opener set for
October 6. with Champlain. Ne-
gotiations have been completed
for games with Union. Platts-
burgh. Army JV. Bi-oekport. Os-
wcgo. and “PI.

Rain Cancels ‘ I 
Hartwick Game

The State College Varsity Base-
ball team travels to Utica tomor-
row ln quest of its initial victory
of the current season. Coach Merlin
Hathaway will probably send “Red”
McCormack to the hill. hoping to
post a win in the squads first road
contest. His probable opponent will
be Carl Lubert. who holds a decision
over State in the club's previous
meeting.

In an attempt to increase the bat-
ting punch. Coach Hathway will
start Harry Johnson in right field,
and hard hitting Johnnie Stevenson
behind the plate. Freshman Joe
Stella's fine work around the hot
corner has practically cinched a
regular berth for himself. The rest
of the lineup will be comprised of
Rutley 1B. Engelhart 23, Carter SS,
infielders and Zongrone and Kaehn
in the garden.

Dreary weather and a last min-
ute downpour washed out the State-
Hartwick game. which was to have
been played on Wednesday at Blee-
ker Stadium. This contest will be
replayed as part of a double-header

 

Softball To Highlight

Women's Program

at Oneonta on May 8. In the other
half of the bill State will play
Oneonta.

Last Saturday in the season's o-
pener State College bowed to a pow-
erfiil Utica College nine. For the 10—

Soi‘tball play will get into full cals it was "Red McCormack who
swing as it commences next week started and sustained his first loss
on the Dorm Field. games being of the year. He was relieved by
played on Tuesday and Thursday "Rapid Robert" Hausner in the se-
cvenings at 7 and on Saturday venth. who did commendable work

mornings at 10.

According to Gwen Giillivan and

in thwarting the Tangerine slug-
gers.
Experimenting with his reserves,

Buzzic Burke. newly appointed soft- Coach Hathaway employed 14 men

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait A1. its Finest”
\ ‘

HOLLYWOOD i‘OMlCS
It} AS'I‘ TO 'I‘ A If It}
YOUR l’Olt'l‘liAl'l‘

 

‘ ‘

iil’l‘IN 11:00 to 5:30 DAILY
1'3vcnings by appointment

fill MADISON AVENUE

'l‘lCIJSPI'IONE 4-0017

ball captains. each game will consist
of fivc innings. Also. each team is
required to have 11 minimum of nine
players and must provide a score-
kccpcr for each cont-est. Teams must
be on the field within five minutes
of game time or a forfeit will result.

This year's softball program will
consist of three leagues made up of
three cams. 11 promises to be an ex-
citing scuson as the girls from Pierce
will be putting up a strong fight to
hold the trophy they annexed last
year by defeating BZ in the finals.

Games on schedule for this Sutur-
day are at 10. Psi Gamma vs. Phi
Delta; and at 11. Gamma Kup vs.
Chi Sigma.

In olhcr intramurals. archery is
being hcl:l at the Dorm Field on
'l‘ucsduy and Thursday from 3:30 to
5:30. Co—cd volleyball practice will
be hcld ut the same field on Satur-
day from 10 to 12. Questions about
the latter sport should be directed
to Mlllll'i‘i‘ll O‘Lcury.

  

SWEET $il0P

785hlgdisonAue.b(Aflbeariﬂjwmk

in the lineup. Most impressive
though. were already proven veter-
ans A1 Kaehn. Paul Carter and
Willie Engelhart. who combined to
get five of the team's eight hits.

Trailing six to three at the end
of five innings. the home club push-
ed across two runs on Zongrone’s
single in the bottom of the seven-
th. to put the pressure on Lubbert.
who got stronger as the game pro-
gressed. But earlier in the contest
State had mufde a few scoring
chances through base—running, and
thus the three hour marathon end-
ed wiih State on the short end of
of a 6-5 score.

H. F. Honikel 81 Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

0%

     
     

doaeu DAILY AT 8mm.

 

 

 

 

 

 

l“ R'i‘i your reaction.

for llliil price.

 

 

M w .. a.) damn NE:

it costs you nothing to Look at ihc (“osiume Jewelry
wc have just received. Look it over. Tell us what you
think of it. It's :1 new linc with us. and \\‘c are anxious

If you happen to bc inicrcstcd in buyingr any of these
Moms (and wc hope you are) here are prices.

All licnis in this shipment cxccpi two numbers lil‘C
$.11?) plus tax. You cziu’t heat the pricc or the quality

."l‘A'l‘lC (‘OLLI‘X-‘E (‘O-OP

 

 

 

ﬁllet—'Jicqt‘b'. » .

karat-13w . ..

 

 

