 

 

  

PAII 4'

Mathews Lists
TPB Placements
EIIective In Fall

Recent placements have been an-
nounced by Elmer C. Matthews. Di-
rector of the Teacher Placement
Bureau. Those Graduates who were
placed are: Jean Hotaiing, Mont-
gomery, Spanish, Junior High School
Mathematics and Social Studies;
Paul Hartman, Broadalbin, English;
Margaret Howard. Schenevus, Jun-
ior High School English and So-
cial Studies; Raymond Antil, Sche-
nevus, Social Studies; Virginia Page,
South Huntington Schools, Hunt-
ington Station, English, Speech,
Drama; Lloyd Taylor, Chenango
Forks Central School, Commerce;
William Shewan, Tuxedo Park,
Junior High School Social Studies;
Lyle Walsh, Oxford Central School,
Social Studies; Jeanne Bowen Walsh
Oxford Central School, Library;
Clarence Larson, Jefferson Central
School, Social Studies; Gordon Ev-
ans, Jefferson Central School, Jun-
ior High School English and Social
Studies; Mary Fitzpatrick, Massena,
English; James Cafaro, Queens-bury
Schools, Glens Falls, Commerce;
Eleanor Adams, North Syracuse, Bi-
ology and Health; Marion Mieras,
Batavia. Junior High School Eng-
lish, Guidance; and Orson Dunham,
West Winfield Central School, Sci-
ence.

Among the Seniors who have re-
ceived positions are: Dorothy Mann,
Highland Falls, Commerce; Joan
Eckert. Ticonderoga, Commerce;
Olin Cook. Stratford. Social Studies;
Donald McDonald, Mayfield, Com-
merce; Andrew Greenstein, Broad-
albin, Spanish. Social Studies, Eng-
lish; and Mary Eade, Orchard Park
Central School. Commerce.

Others who have obtained posi-
tions are: Charles Reynolds '52,
Huntington Station, South Hunting-
ton Schools. elementary, 5th grade;
Arthur Pedley ’49, Canajoharie, Ma-
thematics; Robert Hall ’49, Ridge-
wood, New Jersey, Social Studies;
and Marilyn Thomson ’48, Middle-
port, English.

State To OIIer

Position Exams

A recent release from the New
York State Civil Service Commission
reveals open examinations for state
jobs will be held May 26. Applica-
tion for written examinations will
be accepted until April 20, and those
for unwritten examinations until
May 26.

According to the report. there are
five annual salary increases, vary—
ing with the base salary. Any emer-
gency salary increases voted by the
1951 Legislature to meet the cost
of living will be added to these
salaries. Applicants are to write to
the State Department of Civil Ser-
vice. Albany, New York for a de-
tailed circular giving the dulics and
qualifications. Specify by number
and title the examination about
which details are requested and en—
close a. self-addressed envelope.

Students To Apply
For Creative Writing

Dr. Shields Mcliwuine, Professor
of English, has announced that up-
plicants for the Creatch Writing
class of the coming full term. which
is open to Juniors and Seniors, must
register in his office this semester.
As soon as possible students who
are interested should Iclivc samples
of their literary work: short stories.
sketches. and poems.

Creative writing. taught by Dr.
McIlwaine. is an informal class in
which the students are free to write
what they wish and may be substi—
tuted for English 100.

 

STATI COLLICI um. FRIDAY. APRIL IS. 1951

 

[MW

Mrs. Elnora Drafahl Carrino, In-
structor in English and Debate
Coach at State College, now on leave
for doctoral study at the University
of Michigan, has been elected True-
blood Fellow in Public Address by
the Graduate Faculty of the School
of Speech. This fellowship is award-
ed each year for outstanding gradu—
ate accomplishment in the field of
speech.

Dr. Kenneth J. Frasure. Assistant
Professor of Education, and Ran-
dolph S. Gardner, Assistant Profes-
sor of Mathematics. attended the
Eastern State Association of Pro-
fessmnal Schools for Teachers con-
ference in New York City Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, April 4, 5.
and 6.

April 2 through 4, Dr. Charles F.
Stokes, Professor of Music, attended
a conference of the National Edu-
cation Association in Chicago. On
April 6 he was speaker on the panel
regarding Teacher Welfare Organ-
ization at a conference of the East—
ern States Association of Profes-
sional Teachers Schools in New
York City.

Marvin J. Pryor, Instructor in
Physics, gave a demonstration lec-
ture on Centripetai Force and Auto-
mobiles at a meeting of the New
York and New England Sections of
the American Physical Society at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
April 7. Other members of the Sci-
ence Department attending the
meeting were: Charles L. Andrews,
Professor of Physics; Dr. Margaret
D. Bet, Assistant Professor of Sci-
ence; Arthur P. Jones, Instructor
in Physics; Dr. Anne R. Oliver. As-
sistant Professor of Physics; William
Spindel. Instructor in Chemistry;
and Dr. Derk V. Tieszen. Assistant
Profe5sor of Chemistry.

April 10, Dr. Frances L. Colby.
Instructor in English. spoke to the
faculty of Russell Sage College on
“Religion and Higher Education."
Dr. Colby‘s speech was part of the
Religious Emphasis chk observed
at Russell Sage.

Mrs. Elizabeth Shaver Hiitchiiis,
former Supervisor of Social Studies
in the Milne School, passed away
Sunday. March 25. in Glens Falls
Hospital. She joined the collch fac-
ulty in 1908 and retired about six
years ago. Mrs. Hutchins was buried
March 27 in Watervllet,

Reno S. Knouse, Professor of
Commerce, will attend the 17th an-
nual convention of the New York
Vocational and Practical Arts Asso-
ciation which will be held in the
Hotel Powers. Rochester. New York.
today and tomorrow.

 

 

7min’ In 7/“ 70m

 

“Three Men On A Horse" has
completed its run at the Playhouse,
through no fault of the Kefauver
investigation. A very fine drama.
“The Death Of A Salesman" by
Arthur Miller. started April 11 and
will continue until April 25. Dun-
can Baldwin plays the part of the
traveling salesman who is a dreamer
and has learned his “go-getting"
trade by heart and has tried to form
his two sons to the same pattern.
At the age of 53. he faces reality
with much difficulty. Arthur Miller
is an artist in showing, with com-
passion. the problems of ordinary
people.

“I Remember Mama" is a play

Delegates Hear
Symposium Ideas

Mistrust, and lack of purpose,
were reasons at the Rochester Sym-
posium stated for man‘s inability to
organize his loyalties. The Sym-
posium was held under the auspices
of the State University of New
York. Friday and Saturday. April
6 and 7.

More than three thousand State
University officials. teachers. stu—
dents and Rochester denizens gath-
ered in Eastman Theatre Friday
night to hear Di‘. Alvin C. Eurich,
President of the State University.
introduce Henry Steele Commager.
professor and author. Commanger
launcth immediately into his in-
teipretation of the Symposium
thcmc. "Man‘s Loyalties and the
Anurican Ideal." He bluntly criti-
ClZCd tn: lack of faith and the mis-
trust present. especially ln this
country. He stated that he believed
that the United States has danger
in the field of supervision of our
right to freedom of speech. He con-
tinued with the idea that if this
fi'ccdom is regulated so will a mall's
r.ght to think be and he used as
:‘xnmplc the loyalty oaths which
teachers sometimes are required to
sign.

Other speakers at the conference
were: Wayne Morse, United States
Senator, Oregon; Boris Shiskin, Ec—
onomist; Harry J. Carmaii, History
Professor; Henry Dreyfuss. Inclus—
lrlal Designer; Oliver C. Carmichael,
Chairman. Board of Trustees, State
University of New York; Eric cha-
reid. Correspondent: and Mildred
M. Horton. former President of
Wellesley College.

SOphomoreSiudeni To Spend Year
OI Sludy Al Universin OI Paris

"Pai'lcz-vous fruncais?“

"Si, si," answered Jcininc Simon
'53. who will spend her Junior your
in France. Selected by the "Junior
Year 111 France" Committee which
is under the auspices of Sweet Briai'
College. ch-ct Briar, Virginia. 'Vliss
Simon will study at the Univrrsily
of Paris.

A fumiiimcnlul part of the United
Nations Educational. Soctai, and
Cultural Orgunimtion's program for
promoting understanding among the
people of thc World is an exchange
of students bctwccn colii-gis and
universities oi all tllc world. 'l‘lic
"Junior Your in li’runcc" is supple-
mcnting this purpose by enabling
Alncrlcun sludcnts to work with stu-
dents oi otllcr nulioniil backgroulids,

‘l‘hc progrinn ls mpcclully inicnd-
cd for students who iil'i' lnlcrcslcd
iii the lunguugc. history. or cuiturr
of France, or who (lcsirc to special-
i'/.i- in such subjects us iirt, gOVI‘l'lh
meni, history, international affairs,
music, philosophy. or political scl-
i‘IlI‘tf.

 

SAVE 10% ——

BOULEVARD

ON FOOD COSTS —

SAVE I0%

OAFETERIA

l’llONli Mills
“MEET ANT) EAT AT THE BOUT."

Ill-200 CENTRAL AVEN Ult

MEAL TICKETS —-

swam. N. it.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

’l‘hci'c will be u prcllni'ilu'iry pro-
gram of six weeks in Paris, during
which there will be intcnsivc lun-
guiigc study with native tutors. After
the prcliininury program Miss Si-
mon will rcgistcr for various courses
which will be selected aceording to
the amount of her preparation.

Miss Simon will live with a French
family. This is to give hci' the great—
est opportunity to spcak French and
gluon ll grcaicr kiiowlcdgc of French
ii'e.

 

10% DISCOUNT TO
STUDENTS lllld FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

I50 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

By JEANNINE BURKE

 

which deals with people who are
ordinary, yet unique. This hear
warming comedy can be seen at
Philip Schuyler High School. April
20 and 21 at 8:30 pm. The price
will be $.75.

“The Play’s the Thing," it would
seem. and politics runs a close sec-
ond. You can see a combination of
the two in “State Of The Union"
given by the Willett Players at the
Fellowship House of the First Pres-
byterian Church (corner of State
and Willett). The performances will
be April 26, 27. and 28 at 3:30 pm.
and the tickets will be $1.00.

If you're feeling fanciful. the per-
formance of “Snow White and the
Seven Dwarfs" at the Palace The-
ater Saturday morning at 10 a. m. is
for you. This is a stage performance
given by Penthouse Productions
from New York. and not the Walt
Disney movie. The price will be
$1.20.

Cliff Bradt, the theater critic for
the Knickerbocker NeWs has joined
another phase of the Arts. His
paintings are being shown in a one
man show at the Albany Institute
of History and Art until Monday.

ev-
I

Janet Wimbert ‘52. appears in a
weekly program. Rocky and Her
Revelers. each Sunday at 6 p. m. on
WOKO. This week they will feature
a duet by Liz Conklin '52, and
Sonia Stephanian ’52.

Chemists Siole
Dinner,Meelings

The Eastern New York Section of
the American Chemical Society will
be held Wednesday at 8:15 pm.
according- to Dr. Dci'k V. Ticszcn,
Assistant Professor of Chemistry.
This is the 298th meeting oi the
section and the group will meet in
Room 20, Richardson Hall.

A social hour will be held at 5:45
pm., at the Petit Paris Restaurant.
formerly the Madison Tavern. 1060
Madison Avenue to be followed by
dinner at 6:30 pm. After the dinner
a lecture will be given at the meet—
ing in Richardson Hall by Di‘. R. O.
Roblin, J12, who is the Director of
the Chemotherapy Division at Ain-
ericaii Cyanamid Co. He will speak
on the topic. “Metabolite Antagon-
lsts."

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“POI'ti'illt At Its Finest"
s s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

fill MADISON AVENUE

'I‘ELEPI'IONE 4-0017

 

 

 

 

75 STATE ."l‘REE'l‘

 

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

All Types OI Insurance

PHONE 5-1171

 

College Papers

Show Oddities
OI Student Life

The root of all evil is. according
to Central Michigan College, not
money. but TV. Reads a quip from
their paper, “The trouble with this
country today is that too many
men with vision have been replaced
by men with television."

Surprise! The Poly (R.P.I.'s pa-
per) recently published an editorial
on vacations: "—the vacation is a
sly trick to get us to forget our stu-
dies and main purpose in coming to
school." And delving deeper into
the situation. this question was rais-
ed: “What would the student do if
he had a complete summer off? He
might have to obtain a job and that
would be tragic!” Surprise again
—this was an April Fool's Issue.

Having trouble with term papers?
don't get too absorbed in them, lad-
ies, unless you can “be content with
nieces." Listen to Harpur College's
versical opinion:

Girls who give up all their time

To write a stuffy thesis,

May have to give up love and joy

And be content with nieces."

Pan Amigos To Hold Meeting
In Boulevard CaIeieria Thursday

An announcement concerning {1

discussion session of Pan Amigos
has been received from Lillian Olsen
'51, President. The meeting will take
place in the Boulevard Cafeteria
‘l‘hursday at 3:30 p. 111.

Since Pail America Day will be
celebrated tomorrow. the discussion
will center around Pan American-
ism. Miss Olsen invites all students
who are interested iii Spanish to
attend the discussion.

 

Earn

$1000

or More
This Summer

(‘ollcg‘c Students! Discover the
opportunity that is waiting for
you with CHILDCRAF‘I‘. Alli—
cricu's Famous Child-Guidance
Plan!

You (‘iin Earn $l,000 or more in
your suinincr vucutioii doing
this cosy, plcusunt work—~und
you'll gulil pi'ol'cssionill selling
cxpcl'lcncc tliiil will be of price-
lcsx value to you ill Iill.t‘l' ycni‘sl

Illindrcds ol’ (‘ollcgc Students
just like you how turned their
locations ilito prollls this in—
lcrcsllng \viiy! Wc try to ur—
i'ungc [or you to work wherever
you prci'ci' lui' uwuy, or right
lll your own home town.

Your Sui'i'l‘ss in life dcpcnds
largely on sclllng cvcii ll it's
only scllilig u prospcclivu t'lll-
iliiili‘l‘ on your ability. ltcpl‘c-
scinlng Childcruii pitch you ull
unusqu oppoi'luniiy to learn
scllini; undcr illc guuluncc of
suit-s cxpcl'is

Wi- (live You l"l'l~l' ‘l'i'iiinlng
lllllI l‘Xlii‘l'I libhlhllilli‘l'. Yoli
cunnol do lhls work our way
und lull! Ho 11 you want in bc
$1.000 or morc ulicud ncxl, iuil
und uulll \illiuihlc si-lllili; cx—
pcl'll-in'c,

I-‘or Appointment and for in-
lcrvicw cull Miss l’ctcrsoii, l'Iiwo-
lncnt office before or on Wed-
nesday, April iii.

 

 

 

 

STAT!

  

casual leo. anion. Anions. iosi

ANGELS RIP SIS, 55-44, Bowlers Hit For High
TAKE IM CHAMPIONSHIP

The Saint Mary’s Angels won the
Intramural Basketball Tournament
and Championship last Tuesday
night by posting an impressive 55-
44 win over Sigma Lambda Sigma's
quintet. A sizeable crowd watched
the new champions post their four-
teenth straight win. The Angels al-
so copped the IM football crown
last Fall.

Both teams employed zone de-
fenses throughout the contest and
the Angel‘s ability to consistently
fast. break and hit from the out-
side helped them to win going away.
After five seconds Captain Harry
Johnson scored with a one hander
from the Keyhole and the St Mary‘s
men were never headed. They piled
up a 14-10 lead in the initial quar-
ter.

In the second stanza. some very
fine set shooting by George Dicks
of the losers was overshadowed by

ANGELS Fg Ft T SLS F F T
81102 5 1 11 Sterns 4 l 9
Johnson 4 1 9 Dicks 5 1 11
Buchan'n 1 0 2 Stev’son 4 2 10
Burns 4 1 9 Farmer 4 0 8
Hawkins 2 0 4 Scott 1 0 2
Pcene 3 3 9 Petrule 1 0 2
Dolun 4 3 11 LeViness l 0 2
Ecksti'um 0 0 0

the driving play of Dolun, Johnson,
and Biloz. The victors poured 19
points through the hoop in this per—
iod to lead at half-time 33-22.

The Lambda men made their last
bid for victory in the third period
as they restricted the winners to
only two field goals. SLS cut the
deficit to five points but ran out
of gas in the final quarter. The An-

Their Motto:
Muscles Built,
Noi Character

By ABI'ZI. lil.A'i"l‘MAN
Any time you spot a crew oi about,
twenty guys sprinting up-hlll in

_———-

 

5 ' Glenna“
7W“? 9
-—-——liy PAUL BUUIIMAN

it's spring. and Him for housc—
clciining. it's time ior un obycclivc
look ill \\‘lll'l'l‘ wc siniul. und innc
for n rcuppi'llisnl of values.

it has iucn suggesch thni our
ilililciic p1'o:,l'nin hus iii-ch u slic—
cis. \\'Ili'il‘ iilll.'i':. liuvc I.lllt‘(ll. ‘lvius
our lil‘il’ ruin built l'lllll‘ilt'l.i'l‘? first.
th.s dodw oi (‘lliil';i(‘l.i'l' building
must l)l' cxuininczl. Nolc, plcusn. that
i. is lll'ii.l‘.',lll out oi the closcl only
lcr illl unsuccessful scnson. So ll.
:ip,i.ur.. to l)(' inci'c i‘utionuh/utionj

I‘lll‘Illl‘l' \i‘l‘llll'.lllilll o1 this is
i‘\lill iii lll that on ullllclic program
ilocs noi Hing oiii llic i‘I-liil'lli'li‘l' lll
u mun; rather, an athletic |)l‘0|.'.l'llll‘l
things out llli'll who have churilcicl.
Willll‘>h ihc muny slii'vcys which
llil\‘i' shown lll.il. ihc incll i-nguigcd
ncincly in the nililclic program in
um school urc gclu-rully lcuzh-rx, or
high i'.|lilillll'., ill both scholastic
stunting and campus ucinlllcs.
Men wiio ciigugc Ill organizcd illll“
lclic uctivlly Ii‘l\'t‘ to he llli'll oi
illui-uctcr Io siiind up under ihc
:llil'. tensions. :llill rigors of uihli'tic
ililliilng and conditioning.

Arc ilicii. ui. liIIili lnilunilcil, ihc
pl'o‘ii‘ulns oi "\ilnnluiz" collcvzcs l'cnl-
iv l'uilili‘cs. \\licn lll..‘\ :.o l‘illll'il lllllll;
I‘i'lll' IIIIIIIIIIIlllI'IIIII'vIII l.‘\ i'illli'l'l'll'il:
Ill u scnsc \i'h Iiul iii',lllll, u in only
ihc :.y Ii'lll ihui i‘- ill luuli, not lcc
lll.i\l'l‘.‘~ 'i'llc\ liilic i.l-colnc \l'llill‘.
oi Ill; hipocl'lsy oi fillliiill‘|il||’.- inc,
lnnc collinzc utlilcilcii l’l:i\ci~-. ll\c
with ilu- i'cull/nilon ilnu Illi'\ iil'l'
Il\lll'.'. u lioux ‘l‘llc\ .ll'l' \l‘lllll‘. oi
ilu' :unicin |'lil\'ci‘-. n1 .‘w‘l 'l- Il\i'
\\Illl Illl' l‘cull/nlion iliill lhcy could
lll‘ igl'IllIli', lli'IIi‘l' 'I‘Iil‘v. loo. iill‘ \Il‘v
inns oi ihc uy:.icnl

.. . t

 

 

ill

"liocki" suyr. noiniliulloiis illil l)l‘
ucca-plz-d niul‘iiiu; licxi wcck Illi' IIll‘
{VI/\A IiIIIi'l'h oi l'l'i'slilclli. Vii'l'~l’l"l‘i\--
illclii. Scci'ciui'), ilild I"lllillii‘liil bl‘t'~
re til 1' y .

 

gel’s fast break stacked up a 13
point bulge and they coasted to the
Crown.

Scoring laurels for the game were
divided by the winner's Mike Biloz
and Joe Dolan, and SLS’ George
Dicks; all these boys hit the nets
for eleven points apiece. John Ste-
phenson of the losing quintet chim-
ed in with a ten point effort.

Intramural

The Intramural Volleyball tourney
got off to a fine start as the highly
favored Potter Club completely out-
classed. outplayed. and outscored a
good 'Ihurlow squad. The scores
th'e 15-4. 15-3 and the main rea-
son for the lopsidedness was the
fact that the starting Potter six av-
eraged six foot one per lnan as com-
])iil‘t‘_i to Thui'low‘s average of five
foot trn. Examples of Potter height
and class were Brown, Tabor.
\chthrby. Matthews. Johnson.
’l‘clfcr. Warden. and Jacoby. Star of
lllc Thuriowmcn was Ben Button,
their captain. who 'as very ably
aided by Ryan, Howlett. Rehder,
Fox. and Pete Button.

The KB-Anncx encounter was
cancelled and therefore there 'as
only one other contest. this being
bciwccn Vun Dcrzcc and the Belly-
crs. This scrics was won in two
straight hillllCH by the Beavers, 15-8.
15-5. and was highlighted by the
fine imnn play and setting up dis-
play-rd by thc victors.

(lihcr big nch around the 1M
leagues was the doubles tourney

Washington Park in the ruin. don't
laugh too loud. cause this isn‘t all.
This same aggregation goes through
all types of culisthcnics. and in so
doing, urc developing muscles that.
biologists haven‘t even classified yet.
iln fuct. the sports stuff offers a
cigar to anyone who can think of
21 conditioning exercise that the
"Ohio State 'I‘crror" husn't already
:h'clnncd up. This contest is official
uiizi all entries are to be posied iii

Varsity Lineup
Not Certain For
I51 Home Opener

in dire straits due to the fact that
thc squud has bccii severely handl-
c.ippc.l lll bcing limitcd to almost
entirely ilidoor pi'uciicc und light
.ii'ill on Jligc Field. Coach Mcrllii
i'luihuwuy lius not, us yet. determin-
.-.l his ii]).llll1; duy line up. The
opcncr will be played on the home
ominoml a week from tomorrow
u u.n.-.i Uticu t'ollcle.

Willi n hosi oi :ispli'iiig culididutcs
\.cnu: for bcrihs on ihc ll'illil. Couch
ilulhuwuy bus noi y.-l dctcrmincd
ihc llilul \".ll‘hll)' roster for thc lili-
pl-ndlng scuson. According to rcport,
llic ncw hopcl'nls iil'l' cspcricnccil
mostly us sl'i'ollll liusclncn. 'l‘hrrc
Sl‘i ms to bc u luck oi licw niutcriul
to buck lunglciiurt iiild (‘ul'lci' ill
Ilill‘(I iiusc und shortstop.

(touch hopes to build ihc tcilin
ui'oilnd the nucleus of returning
i’icldci's such us Johnson, Mclionuld.
Kuehn. lllultniun. mid ltlitlcy und
u.;i.iilil'll pilclu-rs l.cin and I‘iilt‘l'l
\\ ilh Hit \‘1 icon quI Adunison on till-
rccininu cud ‘l‘hc Il‘lllll hus iinc
looking pl'ospc'l-. lll illlicldl'l's Al
(‘unnon, 'l‘oin lioppcy, und outfield-
i'l' .ioiin Zonio'oma Promising work—
outs on ihc inolllui have been put.
ill by llcd McCormick und Vinccnt
Accio. who vvus i'orccd lo drop from
liinl Muir's squud due to u soi'c arm.

'1': is ycur. llic I’l-ds lII'l' sciicduiod
io incci iiyo coiilpciliors not pluycd
lust ycilr. Hillll Iliil'lwlcll iliid lion--
bury. to bc piiiycd In Illt‘ second and
third honic giliiics were not included
Ill lust yciir's M'Ill‘lIllIt‘.

'I‘hu. \l'lll', ihc boys will he olii to
top lost \l'ill"b linc showing 'i‘o uc-
conlpllsh this font, ihc sound will
Illi\l‘ in hole u Ill'llt'l’ illun bill) won-
lost record.

In State Tourney At

State's bowling team put on a tremendous show for the enthusiasti

c bowling tournament fans at El-

mira. The team, as it now stands. is in fourth place for the entire State; Bob Sinkledam and Carmen Corsi

are in second place for the doubles; Corsi. Reno and Blirt should land in

the money in the singles; and Coral

and Reno hold second and fourth place respectfully in the all events totals.

The team compiled games of 862, 955 and 835 to achieve a three-game actual total of 2652 which when
coupled with their 453 pin handicap. puts them in fourth place. Carmen Corsi led the team with a 805 tri—
ple. He was ably aided by Sinkledam and Reno who rolled 543 and 526 respectively. Incidentally. Bob Reno
was a last minute replacement for Capt. Donald McDonald who had to miss the tournament because of in-
ternai injuries. This could mean a prize of $800 to Sta te’s team. The only catch is that the tournament con-
tinues on until May 28th and therefore the team may drop as a result of the other teams roiling better

games. Even if the team drops to 3lst. they will win $145 which will rep

 .7 .w . VBy MITCHELL & KOREA

rolled 'l‘uesday at the Rice Alleys. mend Dave Clark for his fine hand-
Winncrs with a score of 1172 were ling of the league. We would also
Ilem-CTS and Weatherby. These men like to emphasize the efficiency
were bowling with a handicap of which he showed in tabulating the
114. The favorite twosome. Oarr multitude of scores and records dur-
and Bennett, with a handicap of 45. ing the season.
finished fifth. Other teams that
finished in the money were Walsh The Intramural g0" program I9
and LaManna, who placed second exPCCICd t0 Eel underway Dem": the
with a score of 1160 and Burkowsky end of this month. According to
and Cummings who crashed the Don BurIIS, golf tournament direc-
maples for a score of 1123 to cop tor, the men will play one or two
third place. practice rounds and submit their
Altogether seventeen teams went "‘"ds ‘0 Pums I" the purpose or
to the foul line and of these. nine hall‘uml’l’mg- 'l‘mmumem hand"
were llble to garnish better than a ("‘95 WI“ the" be drawn and tourney
thousand points. McCormick. who Play will boilin-
only a week before captured the . ‘
Singles Crown. could get no high“. The men are expecicd to piovide
mm a 546 mp1“ This score when their own golf balls mid green fees.
Howcwr. some golf clubs may be

coupled with Adam's 413 gave them ' ~ . _
u lie for seventh place with Lamp- obtained irom the college for their

man and Clark. use.

The highest triple. a 572. At present. there are about fif-
Wﬁs I'Ollcd by Climcl’ 03”- tecn men who are interested in this

As all really important IM bowl- contest. Others who would like to
ing is finished for the season, we participate should contact Bliriis
can think of no better time to coni- immediately.

the News mail box in lower Draper love the work. Conch Joe Garcia
by next Tuesday at 4:30.) leads the group through the drills,

These men are members of the taking part in all of them. Plans are
state (301mgC Condmomng pm- being made to secure the Public
gram, the 0m, rung-“0n 0f the “in- Baths for instruction in the funda-
lctic program devoted to building 1119111815 OI SWImmillg IOI' £11050 Who
muscle. and no; chm-newt don't know how. and survival tech-

Perhaps the best method of ap— “KW” 10"“11-
praising this conditioning program For anyone who couldn't take part
is in hearing the men involved talk before. because four days a week at-
:ibout it. None of them have ever tcndance was required. Garcia is
felt better in their lives, and they inaugurating a program that meets

g Garcia CaIIs
Soccer Men
statistic:  For M onday Drill

mg. strike or spore-this kid can

throw ‘em hi from all angles. Be Weather permitting. the season’s
.t it bowling bull or a softball, he is soccer practice will commence Mon-
us cquiilly llI. case. and as pi'ofi'i- duy iit Beverwyck Park. Coach Gar-
cicnt with either. tia announced The practices will

“asides being one of the best consist of drills und the basic fun-
Nwhm of In,“ 501mm“ lnmkmuml dulnentuls of bull handling. heading
softball league. (lurmcn Corsi prov- “lid ll‘ulllmlg-
ed to be one of the effective bowi— Duvc Weathcrby and Jim War-
ers on this season‘s varsity bowling deli, veteriiii soccer players, will be
squad. on liulid to assist Mr. Garcia every

N “my have been a coincidence, duy. Mondin through Friday from
but it certullily wasn’t luck that 4:30 to 5:30 on the field.
brought him it 605 totul in two (lif- 'I‘hcsc practice sessions are sched-
fcrcnt I.Olli'lllillli.‘lltS. In the toui'nu— uled until approximately April 30.
iiicnl. held at Elmira this past week— Dliring the course of time there will
end. Curinen felled the niuplcs to be scriinniuges scheduled with the
the tune of 200. 205. and 104. 'l‘lici‘c- varsity tcum and possibly with local
in lies the coincidence-in the dou- scrimmage squads.
blcs toilrnulncnl held at Rice‘s Al-- Men Urged to Attend l’riwtiee
icys lust year. he also tumbled the All men interested in playing soc-
liiiibcr for u (105 total. The brown— cci‘ are urged by the Couch lo lit-
i‘yt'il. brown-haired Sophomore tend the practices. Simply sign up
pun'cd with llob Slnkledlim to come with him ioduy or sometime next
in first Ill thc event. These identical week, preferably Mondily, in his of-
loluls huve to be ii. coincidence. he fice.
icrtuinly didn't use the slime score Lust. your the squad wus hilndl-
sheet for both events. cupped by u late start and ii short-

Add to Curincn's achievements u age of men. The first game with
high game of 257 ulid u 107 league the Well-truian Brockport team
1l\’t'l'lli,'C for this seiisons rolling. and proved to be it thriller its Stiltc hold
you come out wtih it pretty fine its opponent; to 4. although scoring
list of bowling beauties. nothing itself.

()ui'mcn was born ulid bred on Plultsblii'g fell easily to the Pod
bowling. uud is still breathing the bootcrs. 0—2. With this victory. Stute
“air of howling' in his work. Weill on to complete one additional

“I ill-gun to set pins when l was victory over Sienu. and two over
in grammar school and I still do." ABC. Sucking ll fifth straight win.

So in this instance, it is not a the squad went on to oppose Blend
ruse of "pin boy does good". but for the second time. The latter
ruthcr, “pin boy will do evon bot- tciun ichliged its former loss by u
ler." 1-0 win. This was perhaps the most

The iii your old Sigma Luinb- exciting game of llic season. Pluy-
diiui stated that it was ii thrill big and winning their final game
to bowl in the state tournament, with Plilttsburg,the (iilrciuincu boo-
let alone be successful in it. led five wins and two loses.

 

By JOE LUCE

 

ay Student Association for their in-
vestment.

Sinkledam and Corsi teamed up in
the doubles event to roll scores of
599 and 569 respectively. Highlight
of this match was sink’s 263 game
which he rolled in the first act.
With the team’s handicap, their to-
tal was 1324 which was just 30 pins
below the first place team and as-
sured them of being in the money.
If they stay in second place, Stu-

lndivlduai Scoring:

 

Player Score ll'cap Total
Burt  477 78 555
Cassetta  50] 99 600
Reno  526 120 646
Sinkledam  543 87 630
Corsi . ................... .. 6S5 69 674
Totals .................... .. 2652 453 3105

dent Association will be richer by
$500

Corsi. Reno and Burt. with to-
tals of 643, 642 and 622 respectively.
are fairly sure of adding some men-
ey to SA.

In the totals for all events, Corsi.
with 1910 was fourth. This too,
if the standings remain that
way. would result in an addition of
$270 for S.A.

Win A Cigar;
'News’ Runs
A Big Coniesi

twice weekly. Men interested should
stop‘lll the coach’s office as soon as
possible for all details.

Peds CRT—nil;
Beating Pharmacy
As Siena Loses

The varsity bowling team once
more proved themselves as they
clinched the Intercollegiate Bowling
League crown by whipping Phar-
macy in two out of three games and
tlurcby nuiintulning their five
game lead with only three games
against ABC l't‘lllilllllllg‘ on their
S.Ilt‘nlllt.‘. Curiiicn Corsi continued
on with his sensational bowling as
hc compiled ii tl‘lple of 553 to loud
inl. train to victory.

Dusplie the fact lliat the Feds
si'oltiill Pharmacy a 74 pill handi-
cap. they swch to victory in the
first match by ii margin of better
ihun 100 plus, lid to be exact. Corsi
i‘oilcd 214 in this game which inci-
dentally was the only 200 game of
thc cvclllllg.

Slutc put the clincher on the
rigiu lo lhc bowling crown when
ilu-y \von ihc second match. This
win coupch with the fact that Elieiiii
lost its game put the Stiltcsmcn five
uumcs in from with only three
games rcuuiiiung.

itculizing tliiil lor the first time
Ill \vccks they wci'e bowling without
pressure. the Pods cllscd up in the
third game and went down to de-
lciii via the handicap route.

I‘Ilii'll member of the varsity bowl-
ing lciliii will receive it Willlct with
lhcii' iniliuls in gold engraved on it.
in addition to this. the team will
rcccive ll lwo-l‘oot bowling trophy
lo bc uwurdcd to the College. Bar-
ring upscls next week. three mem-
bers of the team are ill line for in~
divlduul trophies; Don llurt for high
ll‘liill‘; li‘ruuk Cassctlii for high sin-
gill; ioui lion McDonald for high
average.

   
  
    
      
        
          
    
     
  
      
  
    
   
 
  
  
    
        
    
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
       
   
    
       
      
  
   
        
    
    
    
     
     
         
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
     
  
    
       
 
     

