 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAC. 8

It's Your Money . . .

Next Wednesday noon the President of Student
Assocmtion is calling a spectal assembly to con-
Slder the Student Union board budget. The pro-
posed iinanClal motion requested by the Union
board is $098, wmcn may appear on the surlace
as a rather large sum or moiiey in comparison to
the usual requests for funds Drought belore the
Student Assoctatlon assembly.

'Ihis assembly is not compulsory but it is one
which every student snomd attend and pass
judgment on the proposed budget. Since the Union
board has operated to the present time from small
sums granted by Student Lounctl and Since it is
in neeu or money in order to carry out Its proposed
soaal program, it was imperative for the I‘ICSILICIII
of SA to call this speClal assembly.

When you conSloer the manual motion, keep
in mind that the Student Union Board is not an
organization which has had a line in the SA bud-
get and is merely asking for more money. It you
want to attend the somaf events it has scheduled,
then you are the indiVidual who must pay for them.
If you feel that the program proposed by the
Union Board is too extenstve in comparison to
the amount of money that you can afford, it is
your duty to offer suggestions in that assembly.
Above all, attend this speCial assembly . . . dont
“beef” alter money has been granted to Student
Union Board because you weren't there to cast
your vote; it’s too late then.

Progress . . .

This weekend marks the thirty-filth year of the
State College now: as well as many other organi-
zations on this campus. Too many members of SA
are not aware of the posnion our organizations
hold in this institution in comparison to most of
the other colleges and universuies in New York
State

Probably one of the greatest assets of our school
is the responsibility watch the student body has
as far as the running of the activities of the col-
lege is concerned. Only when delegates from State
College attend conferences do we appreciate and re-
alize the problems which arise wnen responsibility
is not placed on incoming freshman classes and
when students are not allowed to enjoy the privi-
lege of running their activities. In State College,
a healthy attitude has developed as a result of [110
members of SA being granted the privilege of vot-
ing. The general student body is not aware of how
much has been accomplished over a period of
thirty—five years until it traces the history of the
organizations on campus through the files of the
State College News.

As far as the Newspaper of the college is con-
cerned, it has been brought to our attention through
conferences that we are almost the only school 111
New York State which does not have any form of
censorship by the administration or the faculty.
This fact, along with the All American Rating, the
highest award a college newspaper can receive, par-
ticularly iii an institution which does not have a
school of journalism, is something of which we are
very proud. The News Board of 1951-52 has not
accomplished this by itself. We owe a big thanks
to the former News Board members, who will b:-
returning this weekend, and who over a period of
thirty-five years have trained a staff to produce a
paper with a high rating and with no form of cen-
sorship.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTA-LIIHID NAV
IV THE

IOII
CLAII OF 19!.

RATING—FIRST CLASS
Novomber 30. 1951

 

VOL. XXXVI
Aiellliier liiatrihnior

Axilocllifed (‘olleghifo l’ress (‘olieghite [Digest
The undergraduate ilt‘wnpiiptsr of the New York State Cole
logo for Teacher»; published every Friday of' the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Annoclulloll.
Members of tilt- NEWS staff may be reached ’l‘iiendliy llllil
and Wednesday from 7 lo 11 p. ill ill 203210 Ext. 11.

Phones Smith, 23020: l‘ililll‘. fi‘J-ioH-i: liiirna, 021815

OILAI'IC HMI'I‘I'I ~ - - - - - - - - - Etlltor-lli-(‘lllcf
VICTORIA EADE r - - ~ - - - - Muliiiling Editor
NOIIINE (,‘AIIOIIJ. - - - - Public Relation: Editor
DONALD BURNS - - - - - - - - - l‘lliortu Editor
MOMENT JACOB" - - - - - - - litinlmmn Miliiiiuer
BARBARA JOICE - - - - - - - (llrculuilou .“IIIIIKI‘I'

No. 9

DOROTHY Deflﬂ‘t‘f) - - - - - - - Ext-immu- Editor
PATRICIA DAROL'HCII - - « - - Adrerliuinl Editor
IRENE IIRE'IJNHKY - — - - - - - Fi-itlllri- Editor
HENRY KOHZI'JWIIKI - - - - - - - Armor-lulu- lCiilIor
EU'I'IIEI MAI‘AIIH - - - - - - Act-(Id!!! Editor
IIARISAHA I'EAI‘E - - - - - - ~ - Annoullito Editor
ELIZABETH I'LA'I‘T - - - - - - Aunociiilu Editor

 

All comlininiciitlomi should be addressed to the editor and
"Mini be iiigllud. Nilnlen Will be withhold upon toque-it.
’l‘ile H’l‘A'l‘E l‘tllJJlblll NEWS Ilﬂtllllt'l no renpoimibillly
for opinions Ulll’cllﬂill in its columns or communicnlionn
lizi rtlit'li express one do not necessarily rei'ecl its view.

'0'

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1951

  

Reprinted frotn the
December, 10l7 issue of ESQUIlut

 

Copyright 1047 by Esquire, Ind

 

goal: Mediasu’l‘q

 

Today's society appears to have as
its major goal. the production of
mediocrities. Every element of oopus
lar culture seems directed toward
this gigantic task.

A lamentable feature of today's
life is the perverted following of
fads. “Keeping up with the Jones".
Hopalong clothes, Mr. T of '51, the
coming model. all nauseam consti-
tutes the goals of life today to the
joy of the merchant. The very use
of slang expressions such as "hep"
and “in the groove" illustrate this
tendency.

“Mal-adjustment" is almost as op-
pi‘obrious today as “Communistic”.
Psychologically everyone must be
adjusted, must be normal, must
conform, ninst bc a mediocrity or be

 

7W’ .7» 7/» 70w»
By JEAN RASEY

 

Tommy Tucker and his orchestra
will feature Bob Snyder at the
Crooked Lake Inn Sunday. Dancing
will be from 7:30 pm. to 12 mid-
night with an admission charge of
$1.50 per person. Bob will be there
to broadcast from 11:30 p.111. ulitil
12 midnight on a coast to coast net-
work.

“The First Year," a romantic com.
edy, is now being presented at the
Playhouse. The plot revolves around
a newly wedded couple‘s first year
of marriage. Albany critics were
very favorably impressed with the
show. stating that “the play should
please anyone with a taste for light,
frothy comedy that is well staged."
The show starts at 8:20 pm, and,
with the exceptioll of Saturday
night. students are admitted for $.05
upon presentation of their Studcllt
Tux Cards,

"The Lavender Hill Mob“ will
continue at the Colonial until to-
morrow. After tomorrow night. the
theater will be closed iilitil Decem-

ber 25. when vaudeville acts will
begin as added attractions with reg-
ulnr films.

Henry L. Scott, pioneer fli coli-
ccrt humor and described by crit-
ics as the “Will Rogers of the Pi-
uno," Will give 11 recital of classics,
swing, ilil(l concert humor lit the
RPI ‘07 (lyni Sitiidny til 3 pm. The
classical portloll of his coliccrt coli-
slsls of compositions by Chopin
Scurllitfl ulld Liszt. The popular
group ranges from boogie-woogle to
bulluds, with such titles as "Chopin
iii the Citrus Belt" and “History of
tile Lost Chord."

The Mendelssohn Club will pre-
sent its first ('oii"ct't under the di-
rection of' Joel i.)olvfn, musical di-
rector ut RPI. Wednesday, floccul-
her 12 at 0:30 pm. ili Chancellors
Hail. The progrulii will consist of
songs by Ailierlculi nlld (lcrnluii
compost-rs. with several Christmas
numbers included.

By ROBERT BERKHOFER, JR.

 

looked at askance. It is sinful to
speak in anyway but trite, to enjoy
solitude, to read a “non-best seller,"
to have heard of Emily Post, 10 be
able to entertain oneself, to think.
"Don’t do anything the crowds don't
do" sounds like the title of a juke-
box tune that describes our society
aptly.

However, so far only the super-
ficial has been considered. Frying
into the core of mass culture, the
pai'tictpant's mind. one discovers
the trash heap of decaying cliches,
stagnant facts and trivia. Gleaned
from sources like semi-literate tea-
chcrs, pulp—like magazines, and fel-
low mediocrities, they lie undisturb-
ed by any thinking.

Little do most people realize their
dependence on cliches and stereo-
types .11 them "th.iiknig '. l untena-
ing to be rational and analytical the
mediocrity mouths glibly some back-
n-cycd pnlascs absoroe.l from poor
sources to enlighten his f‘el ow mcr-
tals. ‘Statistics", Nameless author-
itcs £111.. Cflllllllilil sens .llc .4..ch
to the aid ofitquickly.Cliches with-
uiiL .ruc unn.r..an .lll ..r ..an tr-
ous. Rights, cliches to most people.
may be. stout il‘oill LllLlll willie Lne)’
arc vorii’crously defending ti‘Cse
rights. because the people didn't
t.uly kno.v the oounos of thelr
pixrogatives.

Facts neatly stored in their mini-
sculc compartments constitute the
usual mind. No conceptual schcmc
renders thcm useful to the possessor.
Trivia, the essence of modern so-
ciety. is the concern of most peo-
pic. The common man refuses to
consider the bi; problems of tile
\Hi'ltl and of nuili because thcy arc
provoking and diffi“ult. H;- prefers
the weather. gossip, sex, nn.l sports.

Many nicdiocritics hide tiiclnsclves
lindcr a thing vcn-ecr. The pseudo-
intellectual who gushes with mean-
.ilgicss polysylhiinc words: the so-
phisticatc who sees and hours what.
the “smart” magazine docs; the
cynic who decries all uttelnpted
actions to break the bounds of
lilediocrity because "its inhcrcnf, 111
llillililll nature... and the pseudo-
democruf. who maintains frec'lo‘n for
all if he dominates tire of this
type.

itiifiolnilizilfion is the favorite dc-
\'1t'- of the mediocrity. for he isn’t
desirous of admitting his iliuny
shortconnllgs. Undoubtedly mtlny
.vho read this column will do like-
wis‘ to the faults they hurc which
are listed herein.

llnvfng diagnosed mediocrity, we
must utzcmnl, n pr 'S'l'lillltili if r thi.
tragic modern disease. Awareness
llilll we pomses ill't' limits is the
first. slt'p in eradication. We must.
\ll‘lH‘ to r‘gutn intellectual ircc-
him. not ccccnf'irity or rudi"illsnl
|NI‘ ac, bilt frilly ilidlv.dullli'cd
opiilloll arrived at indcpcndcntly.
All of us must. l‘i’fI‘Sf'S our ll‘cs, our
goals, our fellow-men. illid the uni—
verse.

 

l gamma-3161a
By R. DUNN and PEENE—_

WE’RE HERE BECAUSE . . .
Gee! Isn’t it swell to be back~and only two more
weeks and three more days ’till Christmas vacation!

EXTRA SPECIAL

Assembly on next Wednesday noon to pass a very
important financial motion concerning Student Union
Board. As you probably know, the board has been
operating with a very slight amount of money grant-
ed by the Administration. However, this money won't
fast too long and it is imperative that they have
money to continue their activities. The slate of pro-
posed activities drawn up by the board will include
coffee hours attended by faculty and students. dances
alter the seven home basketball games plus sundry
other dances, movies and possibly a semi-formal dance
with a name band! Plus the ﬁnancing of these ten-
tative plans, the Student Union Board has numerous
other expenditures such as conferences. seasonal dec-
orations and administration or secretarial obligations.
Let's not have taxation without representation!

UNDERCOVER STUFF??

If we don't get our $2,000 goal for Campus Chest
this year, we should next year . . . ’cause we heard
that 550 freshmen will grace our campus next Sep-
tember. This should entail a new admission system
t65 I.Q.), a new cafeteria, some more group houses
and a new Dean of freshmenlf

REMIN DS U 8——

Taiking about the Student Union Board and their
possible formal . . . Seems to us we could cut down
on formals—Moving-Up-Day formal, Inter-Sorority
and Inter-Fraternity formal, Junior Prom, Senior
Prom, and the sorority formals are on the agenda for
each year. Couldn‘t we have all Greek weekend..-
coincide with the Inter-Sorority and Inter-Fraternity
Ball weekend? If we cut down the number of formals.
it seems as though we'd have a greater attendance!

HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT IT?

Radio Council has asked for a tape recorder to
record interviews with Visiting personages and to
aid them in general in their radio work. It is the
intention of this group to loan the recorder to other
organizations.

 

The question has arisen as to the reason for a new
recorder when the English department has some
available. These tape recorders, however, aren‘t avail-
able for use outside the department.

The request by Radio Council will require a vote
by Student Association—so be thinking about it—
Secms like a good idea!

WHY

Don't the organizations pick up their equipment?
There have been three files in the Pcdagogue office for
centuries . . . unclaimed. The cabinets have arrived
and stand decorating the halls of the Union. Let‘s
get on it. . . .

N0 CUTTING—

Campus. that is! This is considered a serious prob-
lem by many alid is decidedly against the rules.
TRADITIONS

While we're trying to do away with a few traditions.
we‘re also instituting some! The Winter Bull spon-
sored by the sororities alid fraternities will be known
forcvcrmorc by the name “Winta-Lcwd,” spelled for
purposes of convenience or something. "Wintcrlndc."
INITIATIVE!
v understand the class of '55 has forlned ti colninittcc
for increasing colicgc spirit. This is a really fine idcn
alid the best. of flick, kidsf!
QUESTION ()I" THE WEEK

Are YOU rushing?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. .‘(H’lilli'llllu‘lt 30

12 Noon Education Conf‘crcnc‘ at llrubachcr.
0:00 p.ln. Slutc plays host. to United States Maritime
Academy in basketball game iii Page.

Pill Dcltu date party.

Ulllon Dance.

0:30 Hill.
10:30 pm.

SA’I‘I'RIIAY. l)lfl('l'21\'llIICR 1

6 pm. News Board banquet of. llerbcrt's.
ll p.m RDR rush party ili Conimoi
6:31) pm. 1(15 (late |)ill'l_\'.

0 pm. Campus liop at Student Union.
MONDAY. lil-lf‘EMIiICR 2

ii uni. li‘rcshuiun lil'(‘-l'("1lSll'fll.lfill.

it) will. to 2 pin. Juniors, Seniors to order school rings
outsidc Commons.

0:30 pm. Forum Ullill'fl meeting, llooln 205.

’l‘l'iih‘IiAI’.
11 um.
0:30 pm.

Iilfl(‘I-.'l\IliI-IR ll
l‘l'f'-l‘f‘i’,l.‘a’ll'fliltiii for iiiipcl'-clils:.illcil
A1) i’hlys iii Page.

\yVlCllNEHIiAI’, l)l~2(‘ltMIiElt 5

0 am. l’rc~rcgir.t.ratioll for upper-ciussmcn M-i’.
12 Noon Special Assembly.

12 Noon SCA Chapel.

6 pm. SCA meeting lit the home of Dr. Frances
Colby.

.ll‘liiiill concert iii Page.

THURSDAY. lll'it‘l'lhllil'llt ti
3:30 pm. Forum meeting in Richardson Lounge.

A-L.

iiziitl pill.

as i 

m:


i
' l
d.

 

 

Byrne, Rieck Contribute
Writings To Publication

Poems of two State College stu-
dents have been accepted for publi-
cation in the Annual Anthology of
College Poetry, according to an an-
nouncement from the National
Poetry Association. “Orchard Mist"
by Patricia Byrne '54. and “Rain”
by Theo Rieck '54, were selected to
be included in the Anthology which
is a compilation of the ﬁnest poetry
written by College men and women
of America. The poems appear be-
low:

ORCHARD MIST
By PATRICIA BYRNE '54

,..gi'ound mist rising up...
....in the apple orchard...
...white blossoms and pink blos-
soms....
....and silvery haze...
...guarled trunks of solid...
gray smoke...
....and feathery heads of....
....white fog...
...ghost1y trees alid flitting...
....shadows. .,
...pale white moonlight...
....sifting through the mist...
....very quiet...
....vcry still...
....achingly alive ‘
....£ilICl painfully beautiful...

RAIN
By TIIEO RIECK ’54

A dismal hour when skies are grey.

And time just dwindles aimlessly,

Becomes a duel fought with swords,

A lusty battle on the bloody field,

To one faithful knight

Who always conquers, yet without a
mark—

As if he were a fairy dressed in
rugged steel.

For when each one has heard his
tale

Aiid tasted of his sweetened wine,

He mounts his stood and rides away

 

gleam 7adulal‘iamt

 

Senior Vice-President

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1931

Anthology Prints Van Kleeck To Address 'Newsiles', Former Editors Pilcher Discloses
Collegiate Poetry Al Thirty-Filth Anniversary Banquet Al Herbert's Religious Agenda

In celebration of the thirty-five
years of publication of the State
College News, the News Board will
hold a banquet at Herbert's Restau-
rant tomorrow at 6 p. in. Dr. Edwin
R. Van Kleeck ’27, a former editor
of the Newa and now Assistant Com-
missioner of Education for New
York State, will be the guest speaker.
His topic is “The News, 1915 to

Guests of honor at the banquet
will be Dr. Evan R. Collins. Presl-
deiit of the Co'lege. Mrs. Collins.
Mrs. Van Kleeck. and Mrs. Amos
Prescott, one of the founders of the
News. Former News Board members
and representatives from the Hud-
son Evening Register, printers of
the News. will also join the staff
and the News Board at the dinner.
Theodore Peene ‘52, will act as toast-
master and Ruth Dtiiiii '53 is in
charge of entertainment.

October 4, 1916, was the first
publication date of the paper. when
a six~page newspaper was published.
This first News covered such items
as the death of the Dean of State
College and the size of the fresh-
man class, with no sports page.

The Class of 1918 presented a
Moving-Up Day skit in May, 1916.

 

DR. EDWIN R. VAN KLEECK
which provided
the establishment of a school news-
paper. President Abram Roycr Bru-
baclier gave the Class of 1918 per-

thc inspiration for

mission to form a committee to is-
sue a paper the following fall. Alfred
E. Dedricks, President of the class,
appointed himself chairman of this
committee and later became the
first editor.

The financing of the News was
carried on throughout the first year
by the sale of subscriptions. When
the student budget plan was adopt-
ed in 1917. the News was included
under the blanket tax, thus relieving
many of the financial worries.

The News was first assembled in
a classroom in Draper. From there
it moved to one of the rooms now
used for the cafeteria, and from
there to the old publications office.
The present PC. in the Student
Union section of Brubacher dormi-
tory provides modern equipment
and room in which to work.

Edwin Van Kleeck made several
improvements iii the News. Under
his guidance the paper earned its
first All-America rating. He enlarg-
ed the pages to five-column width
and lengthened the. sheets propor-
tionately. Van Kleeck reorganized
the advertising staff, and throurh
its efforts. nearly doubled the paper's
income.

 

 

Stokes Reveals
Cost Principals
For Operettas

Results of tryouts for solo parts
in the two operettas to be given
next March have been announced
by Dr. Charles F. Stokes. Professor
of Music. A special lnixed chorus is
scheduled to perform over televis-
ion, and various choral groups will
also appear at the Albany Institute
of History and Art.

Principals, understudies and their
parts in the Operetta “Trial by
Jury", by Gilbert and Sullivan are
as follows: The. Judge, Alfred Short
'51 and Richard Jacobson ‘53; The
Piailitiff, Evelyn Paulus and Bar-
bara Newcombe, Juniors; The De-
fcndiint. Mitchell Burkowsky ‘52 or
Donald Duclos ‘54; The Counsel,
Burkowsky or Duclos; The Usher,
Robert Colnlcy and Stanley Fos-
kett. freshmen; The Foreman of
the Jury. Foskett and Donald Leiii.
freshmen.

For the operctta “Down iii the

150 "‘3 100 Valley" by Kurt Weill the follow—
Quom ' "m 'l 1 7501 ing parts have been assigned:
1 "l 1 Brock Weaver, Richard Jacobson
1 2 3 4 '53 and Alfred Short '54; Jennie,
Dando ........ .. 2700 2700 3500 ------ -- Louise Petfieid and Marie DcSeve,
131111405011  2290 3300 -------------- ‘- Juniors: The Leader and Preacher.
Holman ..... .. 3700 3700 4200 5000 Frank Giannone ’54: Thomas
Joy  5900 6000 6300 3900 Bouchc, Donald Leiii and Robert
Buck 500  .............. .. Comiey. freshmen. These speaking
Loss .................. .. 300 500 1100 parts have also been assigned: The
~~ 7" /- Father, Walter Goodcli '53; First
TOtillS . . . . . . .,15000 15000 15000 15000 WUHHUL Mnric Descvc; Second
Woman, Barbara Newcombe, Jilli—

Jiinior Song Leader “"5.
214  100 'l‘hursday a special lliixcd chorus
Quota 7v ~-—~  t 1 10701 will perform on Station WRGB in
l l 1 a television program originating
1 2 3 4 froln Schenectady. Thc chorus will

Newcombe .. 4400

O'Connell  6000 6200 6600
Puulus . 3000 A1000 ...... ..
l’ctf'icltl . 4200 4000 6600
Stockcr . 2300 . , . . . . . . . , , . . . .. .. .
Blanks 700 ’100 700 700
1 .oss 400 1000
Totals 21400 21400 21400

Judicial Body issues
Warnings To Frosh

Mysknnlll has issued second worn-
lngs to scrcn l'rcshlncli iilld 11 third
warning to ollc other, according to
'l‘llosc I I
|- to students are being displayed now

lhlvui Miillly '52. Chairman.
receiving third warnings will upo
oglze lll assembly today.

5500 6500 ...... ,.
0600 lege Movie. which will be oti the

...... .. flil‘ from 10 to 10:30 1). III. Friday,
0000 December 14. the above chorus. the
, chornlcttcs. ti special men's chorus,

sing at the close of the State Col-

:1 brnss ensemble, and Mrs. Tolii

2200 Pucker will perform at 8:30 p. m.
m at the Albuliy institute of History
21400 illld Art ill a program sponsored by

the Moliduy Musical Club of A1—
bnny. Mrs. Harper '55 will sing nn
aria from Bach's Christmas Ora—
toi'lo.

Art Exhibit Features
Paintings By Matisse

'i\\o .‘xhibils of cultural interest

ulld will continue through next

week. The first is on the Art llc-

i—iecoild warnings have been is- pnrtmcnf bulletin liillll’tl, s-cond
sued to the following slittit‘ntsi floor Draper; the second is it library
ltobcrf Ahlillt‘ltl, Dolmu l-liighch‘. exhibit contributed by Agnes 11..

litii'l‘illllf‘ ilir'iu‘h‘. llobcrt Henderson. It‘ltflt'rt‘l‘. Ahsislttllf l'rof‘cwor of Eng-

Elizubcth Miller. Jilllc McCarthy,
Joli ll Morl'isscy nild
Krakow. l'rcsluncn. Steve Scrniuk

who received
apologize to tile assembly

suit of buying thrice violated Stute
College traditions. One more wurn- concerns
to cliurnrfcr ill

ing will render him ineligible,

hold any school office.

 

fish. and llr. Paul 11. l’I‘IiiI, Assist-

Phyllis :ltit l’rof't-ssor of l'lii‘:llt~‘ll.

Paintings by Henri Matisse. rc-

lhrec warnings will li:l\\'flt'i iiithlfl'li painter. who ranks
as ii rc- \\llli l’ic.l.~so fllil Itouuit. constitut‘

Illc Art Exhibit. The Library exhibit
l{1il'ii'lf)'/.l.‘i, a frequent
(1rch iilid Turkish
plays.

 

Sophs Run Wild ln PO
lmiloiing Wilder Edilors

"We have watched you every week
Anti as you will see;

We are here to show you how
’10 work cilitiently.“

So the talent-lacking Sopli rc-
p:.rlcrs :i.i\ised the News staff
ilt the II‘JIIIIIOILII s..ow ,ust lie-
lorc rotation.

Satirizing the staff‘s actions,
Sopns sang, oanccn :ili.t srri-ani-
ed out commands in the pun-
gent dict.on of the PO. “Stop
i.ocia.'i..ing!” and "Who‘s going
to walk the ironic?" rang tlirol.gli
tile room while the stall liowlcd.

Prizes went to Joyce Suries
for the least lack of taliiit in
her impersonation of "Burns."
anti to Kathy Lynch, for a wild
lllul‘pl‘l'tiililni ol "’laxc iiie
Lorne" Esther, the funniest lack
of talent. To Dick Sii'inds for
his lively portrayal of sociali-
zing llank went the lliost lack
of talent prize.

 

Vicinity Educators
Hold Conference

This afternoon from 12 noon un-
til 4 p.ni. the Education Dpurtment
is sponsoring a conference in the
Student Union at Brubuchcr Hall.
Television Station WRGB lins iii—
vited the Department to put on a
series of weekly programs, and
meetings between the Education Dc—
pnrtment and freshmen are being
fostcrcd. according to Dr. Doll A.
Orton, Director of Education.

Forty principals 1111(l school su—
perintendents are expected to nt-
tcnd the conference, along with
members of the Education Depart-
ment, lll order to discuss how off-
ciimpus teaching and observations
can be made more effective. At the
first. meeting held lust Monday be-
tween the Department and members
of the freshmen class, Dollnld Bill'-
kci'. Supci'vising Principal at, illi-
vcnil-Cocylnnns Central School, El-
“101' C. Mathews. Dircctor of 'l‘cucii-
cr Placement Bureau, and Dr.
Robert W. Frederick. Professor of"
Education were the speakers.

At the request of "l‘cicylsion Stu-
fioii Wlitill, the College and tile
lfitllit‘lillflli l)t‘])ili'llilt‘lii iirc sponsor-
ing 11 series of three wcckly flf'tccn
inlliutc |.i'lit;l‘1llllS. starting this
morning of 0:30 u.m.

H. F. chikel & Soil

Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone 4-2036
lfi'l (‘cntriii Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

pacing 0m Ila gatoAduyo

 

From the Montclarion comes a
list of future courses to be offered
in their college catalog. 'lhese iii-

clude Smoking 100A in which
“classroom discussions delve into
the social values of inhaling, of

king Size cigarettes, of cork tips.
and of the ‘T' zone. Ronson and
Evans lighters are dissected in lab,
and Coke and Candy Machines
10013: "A series of lectures on the
problems of acquiring change and
the techniques of inserting the
iiickci while holding an armload of
books. Students learn basic term-
inology: ‘Out,’ ‘Pull P1unges,’ ‘Press
Buttons.‘ "

A poll conducted hi Tufts College
revealed that f‘rosh wanted above
all ili their fraternity houses “a
good chef" and “access to the exam
files."

Utica College found some inter-
esting statistics. Students have con-
tributed $7500 to the city in park-
ing fines.

This versical view on flu comes
from Notre Dame:

"A bunch of germs were hitting

it up

In the bronchial saloon.

Two bugs on the end of the lar-
ynx

Were jazying a rag-time tune.

While back of the teeth in a solo
game

Sat dangerous Dali Kerchoo.

Aiid watching his pulse was his
light of love

The Lady that's known as Flu."

Hodge Releases Data
For State Fair Events

Arrangements for State Fair.
which ii; to be held Saturday. Feb-
ruilry 16. are being planned by the
Sifilt‘ Fair Board. Letters have been
sent to each organization fiend rc-
qtit‘sliili tiiclii to elect a chairman
to manage their Shite Fair conces-
sLon, according to Francis Hodge
‘53. Chairman of State Fair.

The names of the chiiirmcn se-
lectcd by the organizations must be
innich to Kilthlccn Anderson ‘55,
Secretary thron'ih student imiil by
Wednesday. New positions for tile
Stiilc Fair Board have been announ-
ccd by Hodge. They are: Secretary.
Miss Anderson; Finances. Robert
(iiumuttco ‘53; mid Publicity, Lea-
liol‘c Kotcli '54.

w......~,-a..  »

then s

For Association

Fraternities, Sororities
Will Compete ln Sing
Sponsored By SCA

Student Christian Association will
sponsor a ch.istmas Sing Sunday.
December 9 in Page Hall, according
to Helen Pilcher, '52. SCA has also
announced the Chapel speaker and
student leader for Wednesday’s noon
meetaig, as wen as plans for a series
of discussions of the Christmas sea-
son.

The "SCA Christmas Sing" will be
staged by State Coll-age fraternities
811.1 soro.ltles in Page Hall Audito-
rium Sunday from 7:30 to 10:30
p. m. Each fraternity and sorority
will offer two Christmas selec-
tions. Judges will be Mrs.
Mary French, ivlrs. rrederlck Weed.
and Rooeit Whee.er. Freshman wo-
men's hours Will be extended until
11 p.m. in order that they may at-
tend the entiro program.

Reverend Wallace Vietz of the
Calvary Methoaist Church will speak
at the SCA Chapel Wednesda: on
'Your Spiritual Auto-Biography.”
Ruby Anderson ’52 will be student
leader.

SCA will hold a series of discus-
sions on the Advent season, begin-
ning this week. every Wednesday
light from 6 to 8 pm. The discus-
sions will be held at the home of Dr.
hrances Colby. Instructor in Eng-
lish, at 238 State Street. Everyone
is welcome and should sign up each
week on the SCA bulletin board if
110 wishes to attend the supper and
discussion, according to Miss Pi.cher.

Humanist Association
To Sponsor Contest

The American Humanist Associa-
tion in cooperation with Harper &
Brothers is sponsoring a story con-
test open to college under_raduates
only, according to it notice from the
Association. A first prize of $200
and a minimum of $200 in smaller
prizes will be awarded.

Although stories entered in the
contest should have n humanistic
approach, chief weight in the judg-
lllg will be given to simple effective-
ness and publishability. Stories
should be between 3.000 and 5,000
words in length.

Manuscripts must be typed,
double spaced, on plain white 81/:
by 11 paper, with the author’s name
appearing on each page. Entries are
limited to one per student and each
must be accompanied by the en-
trant's name and college and the
signature of a faculty member.

Entries must be postmarked no
later than March 15. 1952. Mail all
entries to: Humanist Story Contest.
American Humanist Association,
Yellow Spriligs, Ohio.

Grad Students Obtain
Positions Through TPB

Three additional placements have
been made by the Teacher Place-
lncnt Burcuu. according to Elmer C.
Mathews, Director of the Bureau.

Silinellts placed are as follows:
Virginia Teverin ‘47. Junior High
English. Selkirk; Alberta Ecknrt '51
Grad. English. Hoilner Central
School; and Florence Paris '51, com-
lncrcc. Westf'iciti State Farm. Bed—
ford Hills.

OTTO ll. MENOE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

 

 

SAVE 10 % —- 0N FOOD COSTS -— SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD

OAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1013
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

108—200 CENTRAL AVENUE
MEAL TICKETS

ALBANY. N. Y.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

