 

 

 

 

      
    
   
      
     
     
    
     
     
   
      
         
 
  
 
    
 
   
 
  
   
    
  
    
      

  

pm».-.

 
    
  
     
 

. md-mdmm-twmmmnu

 

PAOI 4

Students To Vote
For 5A Leaders

(continued from Page 1, Column 6)

Marv
ne Stiovc. Publiclty Director. ‘ '_
iletiifo. Songleatler. Mary llorys 
Jeanne Seymour. Cheerleader, on.“
Kaiiike. Student Council, Jot-in Bum}:
Gwen (if!l'li\'i|ll.I)JO;llll ﬁggﬁprtthrégn
'- Kioscr, th . .
i’ntiiiiti, llarvey Robinson, Henry Slilil-llll:
1003: l'resltlcnt. John Lannon, I 0;
ant Scott. l'eter ’l‘elfer. Vice-l residen',
Daniel Kelley. Anp Litters-it; 
‘tlll Bent, Surat l'L‘Wl‘ , . :-
 Kathcrlno Sinclair, Angry Sflpéo
ges. Treason-1‘. Wilmilu staying,” .aqrtcl ml.
" .,.\urlyu' c,' ‘.
 Shale. Publicity Direditi'lr,jlu]i‘l-‘
ward Bonaliue.l 'J‘lllitlliitht‘sv lltlg‘i’l‘t;:,kl;"l‘le:
’ ' l'ldwurt .nt.  L . ‘ ,
lliiiétim'liury Keller. Louise Default};
(Yheerlcntler, .‘lurilyii Atltniiiak,H rl‘l'v
Dutiii. Student Council. .\lt|lli_\ll In 3’“.
Rue Dionne, Robert llllgllt‘ﬁ.‘.'t;:lt:'l_
Mct‘orinack. Betty Plait, Alan but ».I. ,
Idliilliil)ilil‘lt'i‘ltll'lll, .\'eil lirown, James
Finiion. Thomas lIt‘lyllllltt.\i,'l-il.l|l':l(i:_;' 
H . .‘lil Lace. (-9- - A .:
lililtl:liil(,"ul{ltlsttllllll‘y Bratlt, Alfred (lent-
t-nte, brunt-cs Hopkins, Rtmltiti 
Secretary. Shirley Callahan, haith “a I
s‘on. Joan Mackey. isabel Martin. rain
ilvn Meyers. Madeleine Payne, Uttno‘nyl
I'l‘esmont. Treasurer, Leo Bonnet .. .1).-
(‘usgrit‘h Walter l‘lt'ilfit‘l‘. I’llbllcty
V Hathaway, Leitnore

rector George ' I U
Kotchi Rough-ruler. llelen I\o{sii‘i:sll}l‘,
Ethel Pierson. Cliccrlmtler, I cut _

' H Marrarct Livingston, Ktithlccn
 (llatiys Smith. Student ('Olllll‘l‘l,
Ralph Adams. James lit'llllt‘viii. boltiiu
Bush. ltuyinontl (‘ulL Dolores Util‘tllhllu,
Ronald l“(‘i‘gi|.\‘llll, l‘eter McMaiius, u
ei'ly “’ciner, Nancy Roosti.

OPEN DAY

 

 “A Clean Place To Eat”

Waldorf Cafeteria

167 Central Ave.

 

ITATI COLLIGI NIWB. FRIDAY. APRIL 27. 1951

Finance Staff Asks
Payment OF Dues

Class dues are payable to Robert
Burgess. Professor of Librariaship,
on Tuesdays and Thursdays from
2:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Room 38,

Council Prefers
Mutual/s Policy

At its regular meeting Tuesday
evening Student Council approved
the voting procedure during the as-
sembly today and voted to keep the
present insurance policy which Stu-
dent Association has bought durinlg

revious years. The Council a -
50 recommended that a new ditto
machine be bought for the students
use and decided to approach the
Students’ Facilities Board with sug-
gestion.

he

After representatives from t
American Progressive Health In:
surance Company, which is offering
a new policy to State, and from the
Mutual Health and Accident Acco-
ciation, whose policies State stud-
ents are now buying, had presented
the benefits and assets of their re-
spective policies, members of the
Council voted to keep the latter
policy by a vote of ten to one.

d nt Council nominated Helen
Piiiitlilere ’52 to represent State Col-
lege at the Student Workshop As:
sociation to be held in September.
All expenses for the conference W111
be paid by the New York State
Teachers Association. Marion Gor-
ski and Victoria Eade, Juniors,
were selected as alternates.

AND NIGHT

at the I
states that members of last years
staff will conduct the interviews.

 

 

 

Colby Spa
Colby Cullrgc
Watcntlle. .iluine

NU. a PA'

"Coke"

5¢

 
 

   
 

ew-rywiiere, ice-cold (.ocii-Coin

helps make

something to

iresliing pause from the. study grind,

or when the gang gathers around—-

coke lie/on gs.

Iii/t for it either way . . . bat/z
lradnmurk: mam the lame (hing.

IOlTlED UNDER AUTHORI" OF IHE COCA-COLA COMPANY IY

max!

COCA-00M some 00-

0 1951, the Coca-Cola Company
' l

in Waterviile, Maine, there is always
a friendly gathering of Colby
College students at the Colby Spa.

And, as in college campus haunts

these get-togethers

remember. As a re-

Counsciors Schedule
Frosh Camp Tryouts

All women interested in working
as counselors at the 1951-52 Wo-
men’s Frosh Camp next fall are
asked to report for interview in
Room 110 Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, according to Lots Pres-
cott ’51, Assistant Frosh Camp Di-
rector. The interested women should
sign up for interviews or fill out the
forms available on the bulletin
board next to Room 110 immediately.

These forms should be presented
interview. Miss Prescott

.3” //
7/- I,

7.

 

Richardson, according to Victoria
Baldino ’52, Vice-President of Stu-
dent Association. The claSS dues
must be paid in order to vote for
Student Association and class of-
ficers. The amount of the class dues
is $2.00 and may be payable to
Burgess or the class treasurers.

7i Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests

it Number l9...rns WEASEI.

Mathews Lists Positions

For Graduates, Seniors

According to Elmer O. Mathews,
Director of Teacher Placement Bu-
reau, the i'olhtiwingt people have re-

s a oin men s:
cegoiiirengapke ’45, Ballston Spa,
Library; and Fred Root ’49, Sar-
anac Lake, Math.

Five Seniors who have also recei-
ved positions are: Wyatt Teaubert,
New Canaan High School, Connec-
ticut, English; John Rouse, Berne-
Knox, Social Studies 10-11-12; Do-
ris Pock. Delmar. Junior High
English; Pauline Thompson, Gra-
hamsville. Latin and English; and
Kenneth George, Voorheesville, Jun-
ior High Math.

\\t

‘0

\‘i
sit
st

 

   
 

on his [ltllt‘ili rights! 'i'licy couldul lool il-:~
Willi “ouc-pulim—"onc-uhill“ cxpct'ituculs. \lilltous ut .tu -.
l'L‘ttt‘ilt‘ti the same conclusion ~— tlici'c‘s just oltc i't‘tli way to prove

the ﬂavor and llliitiilt‘nn oi ti cigttt'cttc.

It’s the sensible test ——ilic 30-Day (iunicl \iiltiticss 'i‘csi
—wliicli simply asks you to try (iituicls its your stcady Silltliu‘.
...oii a puck-ittier-puck. titty-altcr-tltty basis. \o snap
judgiiiculs iiccdcdl .‘litcr yolfvc ctijoycti (itllllt'ls'rilllti only

(iautcls— for 30 days, we belicvc you’ll know why . . .

More People Smoke Camels
than any other cigarette!

, “Who do they 
think they’re hiddtn’? 

 
 
 

I invented
double talk! ”

 

o ~¢ .
No wonder he blcw ills Slitt‘iii .-\ll this doublc talk .14 {-

tlilfliti quick cigat‘ctlc tests was tI litigt'tnil tult'uigctucut

\ ..t'i(‘t‘
a have.
. PI“,
loam
" i
w ‘

  

E
:l
3’?
g.
5.

 

 


i



 

_.—{\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

z-iu

Collegiate Theme Voice Of King
To Predominate To Accompany
At Semi-Formal Film On State

Commencing the Moving-Up Day The voicing of the film “Tomor-
weekend will be the annual semi- row‘s Teachers" will be done by
formal to be held tonight from 9 John Reed King. according to an
p. m. to 1 a.m. in the gym, the announcement by Martha Downey
lounge and the commons. The theme ’51, Director. The shooting of the
of the affair will be “Minerva's film will be completed this week and
Ballroom" with pennants from vari- ready for release by July 1.
ans colleges producing a collegiate King, who narrated the ﬁlm made
atmosphere» according to sally in 1944, is well-known in radio cir-
TSChuml'51’Genel‘310halrman- cles as Master of Ceremonies of

Highlighting the evening's festiv- “The Missus Goes A-Shopping" on
ities will be the selection of a queen. WCBS as well as “Chance of a Life-
who will assume the title of “God- time" on ABC television. He also
dess Minerva" for the dance. The appears on “Ford Festival" for NBC
reigning lady will be selected by the television with James Melton.
chaperones and will be presented a Shortly after graduation from
gift by D1“. Evan R. Collins, Presi- Princeton University in 1935, King
dent of the College. began his radio work on quiz shows.

Featured in the Lounge W111 be a Since that time he has been MC
television set; while in the College for such shows as “Give and Take."
Cabaret (the Commons) Sara Dan- “Double 01‘ Nothing." “What's My
zis and Jess Bai'net, Juniors. will NEImE." “Best Girl." “Break the
provide entertainment. Refresh- Bank." and has also done some edit-
mems “in also be set-ved in the cational programs for CBS. The au-
Cabaret. that of many magazine articles,
Serving as the heads of various King has “159 PubliShed ‘1 book
committees include the following: "Joml, Reed ngs QUIZ and Game
Publicity, Reta Lee White '52; Flow- BOOK: .
ers. Paul Lebrun, Grad; Chaper- . Th‘S mOVle aboul Slate conege
ones_ Paul Wilbur .51: Bids and is currently being reVised by the
Programs. Donald Cook '53.. Deco_ Audio-Visual Material Department
muons, Bem, Allen .52. Jane Zip under the direction ofFloyd E. Hen-
1m .53‘ Bevem, Dodge .54, and Re_ ricksoii. Professor of Education.

freshmenls. Frances Allen '54. .
Presentations At

Cliaperones for the evening will
be Dr. William Vickei‘y, Director of
the center for Community Study
and Intcrgrou Education; Dr. Sara T F f- 
MacGonagle. Assistant Professor of O   
Modern Languages; and Dr. Mary
Grenandei', Instructor in English. By JORDINE SKOFF

Bids can be obtained for $3.00 “Fallen anhei twtlels “:0 {11mg
(includin! a corsage) outside the “m. ‘9 mus” ‘5 51 “1) 3' gm“; 3,
Common: today. If anyone desires. “fed”, if) slime College 15 D1" SlOkCS
he may have it bid reserved for the O‘EIFWH‘ ,, r y .
(lance; otherwise they will not be FIW'“ be ‘1 gland. d‘“ f0} we
on sale. ' Statesman when Music Counc11 pi e—

popular shows. The first "Hallelujah

College News

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MAY 4. IDS!

Traditional Morning Pro
State'ls Thirty-Eighth

SA Assembly
Will include
Carla's Appeal

At the Student Council meeting
Wednesday night, the assembly ag-
enda was approved and the Council

considered the separation of the
Inter-Collegiate sports budget from
the Student Association budget. The
Council also recommended that the
second Saturday in December he re—
served for the annual Inter-Frater-
nity and Inter-Sorority Semi-For-
mal dance.

The assembly agenda for today
includes an appeal from Patrick
Carlo '53, and a motion for incorp-
orating State College as a member
of the Faculty Student Corporation
of New York State Teachers College
at Albany. If time permits, there
will be a discussion of the budget.

Apparel for Moving-Up Day is as
follows: Seniors wear caps and
gowns. Junior girls wear white
dresses, stockings. heels, and boys
wear business suits with all Juniors
wearing hats, arm bands. and
canes; Sophomore girls wear white
shirts, red blouses or sweaters. flats
and socks. and boys wear white
shirts and red ties; Frosh girls
wear blue bows in their hair. white
dresses. flats and socks and the
boys wear white shirts and blue rib-
bon ties.

Spring Concert
Solo, Folk Songs

"Dc Gospel Train“

 

 

by Noble Cllill.
The next two songs are taken from

by Vincent Youniann from "Hit the
Deck" and the second "Students
March Song" by Rombei‘g from

sents their annual Spring Concert "The Student Prince." Robert Stit—

h'lday at 8:30 p. in. in Page Hall.
Sure and the Orchestra. Women's
Chorus. Chot'nicttcs and the Men‘s
Glee Club will take part.

The first group on the program is
the orchestra directed by Dr.
. Charles F. Stokes. Professor of Mn-

C(lllStl‘ttCliOll on the new (iOl‘llll- sic. They Wm play “Zalmm Over_
lOl'l'. to be known as Brubacher turc" by Herold. "Funeral March of

Hall. has reached the stage of fin- ﬂ Marionette" by (301111051. "SluVOHlC
ishing coats of paint, floor wuxings, Dull“ bl"_D\’0}"ﬂk~ “Will “‘Ml‘ililfltflnfl
and the installment of lighting flx- Filllllldoie ., ‘mmlu LIAI‘L,‘:S.,LH}IIIL1
titres. Ono wing ot the dormitory. :2“gimme?lﬁli~uwﬁmfgégein":Mhh
that ihClllg Ontario Street, Will be HM” ‘Which will highlight the pm“
completed and furnished by May 15 . . I ‘ H p . . ‘
mid will house women students dur- ‘f’mmm.“ 1”“ "Hthl'f‘ WIMP,“ M'
ing the summer session. The entire  Eli}JSnug]332%.?033'rour
ﬁghtiitgl‘l SEILIIICIELCIELRCU 1m (Kw different countries that the Women's

‘ '. . . Chorus wtll present. The chorus

The m'udmg w“me ‘1 mm] (’1 composed of utmost eighty voices
l40 student rooms. The rooms. each will sing UH, CZHthlomk‘ “WM”.
"1. Which Wm “misc W0 wonwn' Ripple and i"low" bv Dceins'l‘uvlor
will be furnished with blond mahog— mo Scottish ..1,.0“m‘\, MO 150w“ 
any beds. dressers, desks, and chairs. 011.10“... 1», LOW“ Bo“ H“, Bmmmn
'itic beds ill't‘ complete with liuicr- “Tm” Mlimm'bun by ' Howard MC_
“mm” “‘“LWHM‘S “'1‘! WV" “Om” Kinncv mid straight from [l‘t'illtlfl
tti'tuvci's beneath them. Each room “Kim: '01- 00mm“... by Tom Sle'
has a study luiiip. \vliilc additional Nisan“ Juno” .53' an“! “cm. Cur;
illumination is provulcd by tluot'cs- serum.“ M‘ “m “cmmmlm, the
ccnt lighting. '

chorus.
Thl' urmuhi UOUI‘ l5 WWW“ U) H Even Paddy Murphy would sit. up
Snack Bar, which will be run as u

and take notice of the eighteen
i'cgului‘ store by the Student Union, Chomp.th uh- they hilig four oli'y
u 1111's“ some 1'00!“ Hull ll lollllti'v- and melodic iiiuiibei‘s. Accoiiipanltxi
'I‘hei'c are also a private dining room by Miss Pitcher, the group will pro-
for head residents and guests, a 5.1m, ~50" Moods" by Twang“..-
student. (titling room. and the kit- hum“ "Almu-ymg. My pm,- Om." by
File“. Cucctiil-’l‘nyloi', “The Show" by Rob-
’i‘he floor above contains the Stu- ci‘L McLeod and “Wonderful One"
dent Union rooms and other uctlv- by Whitcniuti-(ii'oi‘e.
ity rooms. On the second floor are "Fix the Mt‘ll's Chorus which now
found a social room and a laundry takes over the stage to conclude the s
luUlll. Each floor is also convenl- program. They will sing the descrip-
t‘ll(.'(‘(i with three telephone booths tlve "Ride of the Cossacks" by
and an electric clock. Wllytic Howard and the

New Dormitory
To Open in Fall

i‘liythiiilc u

 

the fencing match picture

art ‘53. will accompany the chorus.

Sure and it's

a grand
You'll have.

evening

 

Student-Faculty Night

 

Pictured above are two iiieiiihcrs of the State (‘olleg‘c II‘uculty who “WI-"-
contributed their talents to make the All—State night it success. Meni-
hcrs of the facility and students eoopc
of social or

Volleyball H‘ltlllt‘s between the. Woliicn Faculty

i-ate women and the titulc members of

ig‘li t.

 

cut for the first time In many years.

(i above. highlighted the evening. There was
both round and square dancing to complete the events of the All-Slate

   
 
 

 f.

i ’3 x ’a .
t  tr.
 [lay .
"’6 ,. _ x},
movn‘idopg-m .57!
'romoar'tow/

9"

VOL. XXXV NO. 24

gram Will inaugurate
Moving Up Day Activities

awake“, 5.4.44. Annual Agenda
7:30 a.m. gﬁpfi'or Breakfast at Wal-  
Election Results

7:30 a.m. Junior Breakfast at Boul.
Rivalry Skits, Class Sing

8:30 a.m~ Lines form in Draper Hall.
8:45 a.m. Processional from Draper
. I
To Climax Day 3 Events
The Thirty-eighth Annual Mov-

to Page Hall.
9:00 a.m. Moving-Up Day exercises
in Page Hall.
ltecessional, forming of
class numerals on Page
Field, Ivy Speech. .
ing-Up Day program will begin in
Page Hall tomorrow at 9 a. m. fol-
lowing the class processions from
Draper to Page at 8:45 a.m. The
program Wilt include songs, class
speakers, announcements of new of-

2:00 p.m. Coker in Commons.

7:00 p.m. Rivalry skits in Page Hall.

8
floors. and tapping of new Myskania
members.

:00 p.m. Traditional sing in front
The singing of the Alma Mater

of Draper, awarding of

Rivalry Cup. “Great Fires"
will be followed by a welcome speech
given by James Jiusto '51, President

Fraternities List
  of Student Association. A member
of each class will give the class his-

Stiite sororities and fraternities

12 Noon

. . toi‘v.
‘ I ‘ X . ‘ t ‘ s ‘ - ‘ s - I ‘
 L'icittilxiifliggtiiiiiltlsbmttingliilzini‘hieldf ( 0mm ‘0 Announce Signum Laud“
K
‘ . . . The a l -
new members. The notwities will m ouncemem’s Wm begin

with Dr. Evan R. Collins. President
of the College. naming the new
members to Signum Luudis. Mar-
the A. Eggelston, Instructor in So-
cial Studies. will announce the new
members of Pi Gamma Mn. and Dr.

Edward L. Cooper, Professor of

Commerce, will list the new mem—

bcr: of Pi Omega Pi. New member-
ship in Kappa Phi Kappa will also

be announced.

After the honorary announce-
ments. The new officers of the fol-
lowing department clubs will be
made known: Classical Club, Pan
Amigos. French Club. Math Club,
Science club. Commerce Club. and
Commuters Club. Clarence Hidiey,
Assistant Professor of Social Stu-
dies, will present the Annual Potter
Club Award. The religious clubs.
Hillel. Inter-Varsity Christian Fei-
lowship, and Newman Club will
illllllf‘ their new officers. The New-
man Club Award will be presented
to its outstanding member.

Dean Stokes To Announce
(‘ouncil Members

Dr. Ellen C. stokes. Dean of Wo-
men, will list. the new members of
Residence council and Inter-Soror-
ity Council. She will also award the
Inter~Sororlty Cup and announce
the Directors of Fresh Camp and
Junior Guide Cliaii'incn. Naming of
Alumni Councillor will end the an-
nounccmcnts.

Seniors will begin moving-up, ac-
companied by their farewell song.
"We 1951 Salute You." Virginia
(Continued on Page 1,, Column 1)

Colleges Oiier
itaiian Fellowship

Mtllltlt'lltlllt't‘ fellowships for study
in ituly for the academic year from
November 1. 1951 to July 15. 195'.)
have been made available 'o Ameri-
can gratitude students aL'coi‘rllng to
Dr. Edward Shaw, Pinifcssor of
Modern Languages. Ono place is of-
t‘ci'eil both lit the Collegto Ghislicrl
and the (‘ollcgio Borromco. located
in Pavia, and two places at the
Scuqu Noiiuule Superior in Pitt.

Candidate. must present proof of
Alllt‘l‘l tlll citizenship, good health,
gcotl tuoi'ul ciiut'ucicl'. personality
u:i.l adaptability, The candidate
must have (it'lllDIlStl‘lltl‘ti academic
ability and capacity for independent
and have a good knowledge
of ltuliuu. and it Bachelor's degree
by November 1, 1051.

Applications must be filed with
it” supporting documents not. later
than May 25, 1051. Blanks may be
obtained front the. U. S. Student
Program of the institute of Inter-
national Education, 2 West 45th
Sit-eel. New York 10. New York.

include an Alumnae Day, a pledge
party. on open house. and a faculty
picnic.

James Dunn '51, President of Kap-
pa Delta Rho, has announced that
the tollowing men have been in—
itiated into the fraternity: John Al-
lasio, lliclitti‘d Bailey. James Ben-
nett. Robert Bitgood. Raymond Cull,
Alfred Clemente. Charles Cullen.
Slltil'llt) D‘Ali‘onsi. Walter Decker,
William Floyd. James Fox, Ronald
Ganslow. David Gai'dinier, Frank
Giannionc, and Thomas Hoppey.
t‘i'esluneii.

Also joining KDR were: Henry
Hull. Francis Kcnnelly, Donald
Ki'ug. Joseph Luce. Joseph Patrick,
Walter Rehdci'. Robert Rivers. Ray-
lll()ll:i Robinson. Kurt Rosenbaum.
Richard Strands, Alfred Stone. Wil-
liam Walker. and John Zongrone.
freshmen. and Charles Button and
Walter Goodcll. Soophomot'es.

The following men have become
members of Kappa Beta. according
to Joseph Friedman '51. President:
Fredrick Burtlc. Alfred Cannon,
Daniel Robinson, Morton Cohen.
Sophomores, Marvin chernofi'. The-
IContt‘nucd on Page 1,, Column 2)

 

rated with each other in this type

members and the

' the faculty and State men and

 

  

