 

 

 

 

 

 

‘4'
bvq
l-I‘i"~ '

 ,. a
0’ have

ews

    

r4.  
\_

PM: I.“ STAT! COLLIGI 'NIWS. FRIDAY. MAY H. 195!

Fashion Poll Reveals Tieless Men; Students To File Rcd Cw" Students
Green-Clod,$oddle-Sliod Femmes Farms For Jobs P'°"‘Cl°thi"9 0""

I. .. - '
Sororities , Slate
At its regular meetin Tuesd
Step right up. folks, and hear  Elmer 0- Mathews' Director 0‘ noon, the State conege BRed 0mg 24“

Parties, Picnics

F‘” N‘“ Week also: t.i2§.“li..ili‘i£li as: trials: at; as:   ii: sires?staircase:  arts estranged
106th State College Commencement Will Feature
Zuckert Of Air Force On The Price Of Freedom'

(Continued from Papal, Column 5/ College The traditional 5
. pring ms- Green ls supreme when it comes to has released the mm clothing drive as its final
a faculty picnic on Monday. May hion conducted by Commerce 124 Skirts. But blue. brown. grey and placements and also elnfhfrmrgtfgi: of the “maﬁa”! according tgrﬁlﬁgf
21. at 6:30 p. m. at the house, psi reveals enlightening facts about our red run high 1" DODUIM‘IW. concerning part-time employment an Weller '53- Aetlng Chairman.
ganéma has Planned a picnic for Current fashion trend. But if your closet contains main- for next year. All applications for The Chairman for next year will
cl?" :3" ﬁlmy 27. at 2 PM at That- If you’re a slick chick, your school 1y dresses, don’t feel left out. You'll employment in college facilities are be Margaret Smythe ’52. The other
c :r 8,151. according to Lenore _Cor- costume will be of the skirt, blouse be one among many since 15 percent to be made through that office. Officers are: Vice-President Miss
0 an . President. Chi Sigma variety. Your blouse (one of the of State's femmes attend their class- Individuals seeking part_time em_ Weller and Secretary-Treasuifer, He-
M A ' ' '
ove ctIVIties
To Local Theatre
I
In Case Of Rain
Eugene M. Zuckert, Assist-
ant Secretary of the Air
Force, will deliver the Com-
mencement address for the

State College

ALBANY. NIW YORK. THURSDAY. JUNE 14. IOSI

 

 

\(OL. XXXV NO. 27

 

altittiE012¥usegg§gufdi 823811101; ban- . - _ ‘35 attired 1“ dresses with greenv ployment in college facilities who re- lene Zimmerman ’53'
to be held at Jacks gestéuiantp‘a :1: s   . Egg; $23k 13:23? ipredominlatiing. quire maintenance (part or a“ of Any student who is interested in
cording to Florence Kloser. '52 a“, Icmc S em v.1 th _ n popii ar ty. room and board) are to ﬁle appm helping to make the clothing drive
Pres‘dent. » For [Kids] At That h mile 5 ~“ 5 W33 5’ JUSt 5‘“ sun" cations before the end of the school 5‘ SUCCESS is requested t0 attend the
A picnic at the house has been c er It's feet fi t 1th ddl d yeml; swaents Who desu‘e part-time Billibcl‘ols meeting TueSday' It
rs w sa es an wor outside of the c 11 - W e Ed in Room
gllflllﬁfd Isl}; Aéghatﬁipsilon Phi for laghgl'g: 158$“?ggntgha 1:113:11"- the black flats most popular. White bob- ply when they registgr Elie fligyFiiIll. 100 at noon.
mg tolgharlsétt .sak 1 ipiﬁrrié’,1ii.cvcord- the AlbanyyHo’vne It €80 chitin]? by socks vie with plain nylons for The list of those receiving re- Senl°fs To NOlIIY Pfess BUN?!"
Edema A banquet; at? gacnenazngessi- to take place Suriday M2}, 20“ it giggéaigg. But thgeconogry mindedd cent teaching positions includes: Of Graduation Picture Changes
. . ; r . percen go are egge . Edith Mine] ’51, Cobleskill, J i '
hlgdﬁnthgriirlggdSKhvdga £01133?  :15?aglﬁlideﬁllrkhasMaudhgunE:dSImoz hgllzonjggtfdi’s males prefer T- High Science; Adrienne Iorioun’ﬁcll, Any Senior Who deSh‘es to have
. i v - s r s. u percent are sweat- Corinth Junior Hi h En ]i h' ' l- 5‘ )iCtUI'e t1 ‘
picnic. Students will gather at the Home ers bein ' g g S 'Rlc} I ' 0 m than the one ap—
~ , g economical minded (no ard Clark, Grad ' ' - - ' -
Z (an Sijiﬂdzy, May 20, at3 p.m. Beta at 1 pm. and go from there to the laundry bills for shirts). High English and  pemmg- m the yealbmk' to accom-
ttfea 1:) use ave a Cfiriiculty picnic at park by chartered bus. Refresh- statesmen just don’t want to get Harold Ferguson, Grad Chester pany ms press release Should notify
Kamke ’52 ,Priécscgzntngamto) lElvellyn ments and games will highlight the tie-d down. 80 percent of the inter- Connecticut; Principal; and Ruth Press Bureau 9““ 50°“ “5 DOSSlble' 30‘
. . e a 1215 afteinoon, according to Edmund “viewed men were without ties. while Cope, Grad, Schenectady, Special cording l0 Mill'llyn Stl‘emow ’51. D1-

 

 

Collins Releases
Aurania For Ball Room Allotment
Tomorrow Night For Next Year

The Senior class of State College Plans for the opening of the new
for Teachers in Albany will hold its Student Union at Brubacher Hall
annual ball tomorrow night at the and the allocation of rooms at the
Aurania Culb from 9 p. m. to 1 college have been released by Dr.

Seniors Choose

 

 

 

 

 

planned a faculty picnic for Sunday,
May 27, at 2 p. m. at Thatcher Park,
according to Joyce Baringer '51.
President.

   
  
  

 

Leigh ’52, General Chairman of the those wearing them prefer co

affair. Miss Dessimoz will be in silks. And these men hate getting ker,

charge of food and Mary Swede ’52, pinned. Only 4 percent wor

heads the Games Committee.

CLAiRE HAVE“
moron!) '53.

LEN 1WEIG
SYRACUSE

s .
} iio uiiiimsiiiir AFTER TASTE

OVER 1500 PROMINENT TOBACCO GROWERS

SAY: HWhen I apply the Standard Tobacco Growers'
Test to cigarettes I find Chesterfield is the one that

smells Milder and smokes Milder."

A WEll-KNOWN

wnmumwxamm~..--u . .. .. . ~

INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH
ORGANIZATION REPORTS: "Of all brands tested,
Chesterfield is the only cigarette in which members
of our iosie panel found 92 i_i_npleosoni o_fi_e_r-i_o_si_g."

 

 

lorful Classes and Guidance. Doris Ba- rector. Such students are to place

I has accepted a non-

e tie teaching position at Saint Andrew’s
Church in Albany.

the preferred picture in an envelope
and drop it in the Press Bureau box
in Lower Draper.

lIKE THOUSANDS OF AMERICA'S STUDENTS—
MAKE THIS MILDNESS TEST YOURSELF AND GET

WHAT EVERY SMOKER WANTS

PHOTOS TAKEN
ON CAMPUS

 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 

 

blue Sis-Lien
IN AMERICA’S
comers

 
 
   

a. m. Frances Skidmore will be Evan R. Collins. President of the

General Chairman of the affair.
Ray Nelson and his Orchestra will
provide the music. Mr. Nelson has
been employed for many years at
the Bear Mountain Inn.

Those who will assist Miss Skid-
morc on committees will be: Orch-
estra, James Worden; Publicity,
Rita Bissonettc and Eugene Pciric:
Tickets and Progrmns. Donald Ely,
and Chapcroiics. Stuart Gates.

Pick Graduation ’l‘hcmc ~

A graduation theme will prevail.
and will be curried out with the
traditional morliii' board, diplomas
and miigiiolias. The “graduation
wishing wcll" and a flowered iii‘cli
will be [\vo unique features in tho
dccoi'iiiioii of the club.

Si'niors lnriic Alumni

'i‘liosc sludciiis wishing in pro-
curc iickcis may do so tomorrow
oulsidc ol' ihc Commons from noon
1o 1 p. in, or iii the door tomorrow
night. The price of admission for
ihc duiicc will be $3. Alumni iirc
cspcciiilly wclcomc lo iiitcnd ihc
iiiiiicc, according to Miss Skidiiiorc.
No doubt. tlic “alums” will rcnicni-
bcr lliiii. the Auriiiiiii Club was ihc
scciic oi‘ scvci'nl Scnior Balls in
prcvious yciirs.

'l‘hosc pcrsoiis noting as cliiipcr—
oiics tomorrow night will be: Dr.
Evun R. Collins, President of Llic
College. tlllfl Mrs. Collins; Mr.
Hurry Biidcn iiiid Mrs. Budcii. 1n-
sirucior in English, and Mr. John
J. Morris, Manager of tlic Collcgc
Co-Op and Mrs. Morris.

Seniors Schedule
Annual Banquet

’l‘onight at G p. iii. the Sciiioi'
("hiss of 1951 hold its final under-
grndiiiiic bunquci {It Piliiciiii's
Rcsiziui'iiiii. 382 Broadway, Mcn-
niids.

Jiiiiics Wui'dcii wars in ciuirgc of
urriiiigcincnts i‘or ihc biiiiqucl.
Hcliiiuiii Schultrc. Sciiior Cliiss
Pi'csidciii.. iiiiidc ihc wclcoiiiiiig
spcccli io fhosc Sciiiors iiiid ihcii‘
gucsts who wci'c prcsciit.

Miislcr of Ccrcinoiiics for the oc-
i-iis‘ion wus Joscph Purdy. Caitlicr-
llli' Nl'\\'l)()l(l, instructor in Social
Hliidics. gnrc ilic spcccli for ihc
cvi-iinig.

Ailci' diiiiicr. ihiiiciiig wiis liclil
io ihc music o1 lion Burt and his
iii'clicsii'u. Cliupi-i'oiics for llic cvc-
iiiiig wcrc lilugciic McLiii‘cii, Iii-
sll'lll‘lUl in (‘liciiiislry; Joscph Unr-
cizi. instructor in llciilih il’hysiciil
I‘lfllli‘illliili) and Mrs. (iiircui.

Morris Releases Data
Concerning Co-op Cards

'l'iic (‘o-op will “()1 rcqiiirc [lint
iIic iioliicrs oi nicinlicrsiiip curds
Ilil‘li llll‘lll buck in l)l‘(l(‘|' io i'cccivc
ihcii' iiiriilciid. n hos liccii llll-
llillilli'i'tl by John J. Morris. Mun—
lliii‘l‘ l)l\‘l(Ii’litI ciiccks will lic iiiiiilcd
lo nil sliiilciils ill Iiic nililrcss of
rccorii ill ihc (‘o-op us soon iil'lci'
ihc Jilly i iiiliill us possiblc.

’l‘o inciliiiilc bookkccpliig. Morris
iirgcs llllll ihc cliccks iic ciislicd us
soon lilli‘l' i'cccipl us possibic.

 

College. The Student Union, which
is a part of Brubacher Hall, will
contain activity offices, and
lounges to serve the needs of the
student body.

At 3 p. m., Saturday, the Alumni
Association has scheduled a tour of
Brubachcr Hall and particularly
the Student Union. Immediately
following the four will be the dedi-
cation of Brubachcr Hall in which
Robcrt McCarthy of the State
Dormitory Authority. Dr. Hermann
Cooper. Excciitivc Dean of Teacher
Education of the State University.
Dr. John S. Brubachcr and n repre-
sentative 01' the Board of Regents
and Commission of Education will
participate. At 3:30 p. m. the Pros-
idciii‘s Reception will be held for
scniors. grnduntcs. alumni and par—
cuts in ihc lowcr lounge 0f the new
(Ifil‘illlltll‘y.

Library to Take Over (‘oinmons

Plniis for ihc incoming yciir iii-
('lil(I(‘ ihc cxiciision of tlic stacks of
ihc Library inio ihc proscni. Coin-
iiioiis. Purl. of the Commons will
il"l ns ii rcuding‘ room and the
prcsciii balcony of the Commons
will scrrc i'is ii study room. The
((‘oizli'iiiu'd on Page II, Column 5)

 

EUGENE M. ZUCKER’I‘

Hall, Quarter-Century Clubs Plon Meetings
As Alumni Relurn For Class Doy, Torchnighi

A rcpicscnlntivc iiumbci' of State
Collcgc‘s lcii iliousiind alumni are
cxpccicd to rcturii for campus vis-
its and cluss reunions Saturday.
Olgii Hiinipel Briggs '26, is General
Cliiiirmnn oi‘ ihc cntirc day's ac-
liriiics.

Ai. ihc opening of the. morning
progriiiii wiili i'cgisirniion from 9
ii. m. to 12 noon, vurious groups will
meet for spcciiil gatherings. The
Half Century Club will meet in
Dl'ilpCI' 101 bciwccn 9:30 and 10:30
11. m. At ihc some time. the
Quiirlcr Ccniury Club will be iiich-

iiig in Dl‘iliJOl‘ 100.
Weldon.

Dr. Milton (1. Nclson who has
bccii Dcuii oi Sliilc Collcgc siiicc

 

MILTON (i. NELSON

At 11 ii. in. Dr. Arvid J. Burke
will pi'csidc ovcr ihc busincss meet-
ing of Ilic Alumni Association in
Pngc Hull.

All guests are asked to register,
in person. at the designated times
so that their class may be credited
with iiilcndniicc toward the two
trophy cups to be awarded in the
iii'tcriiooii.

Two trophy cups will be prcscnt-
cd; one to ihc clnss registering the
highest percentage of its member-
ship. niid one to ihc class having
ihc largest number pi‘cscnt.

Lunchcons ill. ihc Alumni Rosi-

Retc'ced _

1933 will rctirc in August of this
yczir. Hc lli)ill(‘(l Ilic faculty of tlic
collcgc in 19213. iiftcr completing his
BS. ill. Albiiny Siiiic in 1924, his

'4 M. A. iii Coriicll Univcrsity Ill 1925
“ and his Doctorutc iii Coi'ncll Unl-

vcrsily in 19116

In 1936 wlicii l)ciiii Nclsoii cn-
lci'cd liic collcgc hc was appointed
to ihc posilion of Assistant Pro—
l'cssor 1|ll(l llircc yciirs liiicr he wns
proinolcd to Pi'ofcssoi'. From Miiy
to Scpicnibcr of 1933 hc wus Aciiiig
Prcsiiiciii of ihc Collcgc ﬁnd in 1933
iic bcciinic Dciiii. Nclson was also
Acting l’rcsidcnt froin li‘cbriuiry
Iii-«I7 lo Jilly Iii-ii).

Dr. Nclsoii sinicd Iliill tlic pi‘cs—
ciil Sciiioi' (‘liiss is ihc liisi cliiss
which iic inlcrricwi-d for iiiiiiiit-
liiiicc to this institution illl(I it will
givc liini piii'liciiliir plcusiii‘c to
1l\\’iil'(l iliosc individuals lhcir do—
grccs Suiidiiy. llc also sold lluil. he
takes inordiiuilc pi'idc in those
pcoplc who hiivc goiic out from this
institution. pni'liciiliiriy iiiosc from
1926 lo ihc sliiri of World War 11.

dcncc Hulls will open the afternoon
activities. Classes of 1875-1925 will
meet at Pierce Hull while classes of
1927-1950 will be guests of Saylcs
Hull. Van Dcrzce Hall has been re-
served for the class of 1926 which
is celebrating its 25th reunion.

Preceding ihc reception given by
the President of the College. Dr.
and Mrs. Evan R. Collins at the
new State dormitory, Brubucher
Hull. scheduled for 3:30 p. 111., will
be ll series of radio broadcasts by
Stziic griiduziics who are active in
the Albany area. This broadcast
will be held in ihc lnglc room of
Pierce Hall.

The sliiicd reception is for the
purpose of presenting the new dor-
mitory to thc students and alumni
iiiid to give the rcturning guests an
opportunity for meeting Dr. and
Mrs. Collins, who will be hosts to
siudciits, alumni and guests.

In chiirgc of the afternoon cvcnts
arc Olga Haiiipcl Briggs '26, Elaine
Drooz '45. Grcni’cll Hand ‘34, and
Glcnn Wulriiiii '42. Miirillii. Whit—
bcck ‘9, and Margaret Morey Cuii-
niiighiini '96 “PC in charge of the
Hull Century Club \vhilc Hciirlcttu
Brctt '15 is chairman of the Quiir—
lcr Cciiiiiry Club.

Cliiss dinners. sclicdulcd for (i
p. 111.. um undcr ihc. dircclion of
ihc individiiiil cluss councilors.

Following ihcsc, ihc iinniiii] cluss
iiny cvciils of skits, songs and ud—
drcsscs will be prcscntcd in Page
“ii” iiudiloriuni.

As ihc culminating cvcni of ihc
diiy. 'l‘orchiiigiii Ccrcinonics will bc
Iii-iii ill 9 p. m. iiiidcr the direction
of Amic Hl‘l‘i'lllllllll ‘50 llll(l Mury
Alicc ilcgii ‘iiii. 'l‘hc Cliiss of 1951
will bc udiniiicd into ihc Aliiiiiiil
Association and will perform the
iradiiioiuii ccrcinony of passing on
ilicir ligliicd torches to undcr-clnss
iorch—bcurcrs.

106th graduation ceremony
of State College. Zuckert will
make comments on “The
Price of Freedom.” Also in-
cluded in Sunday morning’s
activities on Alumni Quad-
rangle will be the traditional
academic procession, presen-
tation of candidates for de-
grees by Dr. Milton G. Nel-
son, Dean of the College and
Conferriiig of degrees by Dr.
Evan R. Collins, President of
the College.

Zuckert is an authority in the
field of management and personnel
control, and has devoted several
years to government service in this
field. When W. Stuart Syiniiigton
assumed office as Assistant Secre-
tory of Air for War in February.
1946. Zuckert became his special
assistant. Subsequently, in 1947,
when Symington was appointed the
First Secretary of Air Force, Zuck—
ert became Assistant Secretary.

Under the direction of Secretary
Zuckert, the Air Force developed
the first “performance type” bud-
get in use by a. military service. The
Hoover Commission acclaimed this
as the pattern which should be fol-
lowed iii armed forces budgeting.
He is also Air Force representative
on the Personnel Policy Board and
Management Committee, both
agencies of the office of the Secre-
tory of Defense.

Serves As Consultant

Zuckcri's record shows his serv-
ice as special consultant to the Air
Force in developing Statistical Con-
trols. as special consultant to the
Chief of Naval Operations, as
Assistant to the Administration of
the Surplus Administration.

An enviable record. in itself, is
that of Zuckert in education. The
son of a New York City attorney,
he studied for the bar in the com-
bined Yale-Harvard BusineSs School
course, sponsored as an experiment
by Professor William O. Douglass.
Associate Justice of the United
States Supreme Court. While an
undergraduate at Yale he boxed
and was sports editor of the Yale
News.

Give Record in Education

After practicing law in Connec-
ticut and New York, he became an
attorney for the United States So-
curities and Exchange Commission.
In 1940 he bt‘CﬂIllt‘ on instructor at
Harvard Gruduiitc School of Busi-
ness Adiniiiisiriitioii, liitcr becoming
Assistant Professor and then Assist-
ant Dean of this (‘iruduntc School.
Zuckert. livcs in Chevy Chase,
Miii'yliind with his wife the former
Biii'bnrii Jnckmnii, of Ncwburyport,
and their children.

()rclicstl'ii Will Play

'l‘lic State College Orchcstru will
provide the music for the process-
ioniii and rcccssionul. and the
Women's Chorus will oi’i‘cr iwo se—
lcciioiis. Special awards will be
given which will include the Whch-
cr Scholar, Lciili Lo vcnhciiii
Awiii'ds, ihc Sigma Liiudis Scholar.
tlic Adiin W. Rislcy Mcmoriul His-
iory Award.

Scniors who urc ciiiididiiics for (Ii?-
grccs will iissciiibic iii. 10 ii. 111.. Sun—
diiy in tlic lnglc Room iii. Picicc
Hull.

 

