  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 

- b

 intentions . . .

With tongue in cheek, many waited for second

semester and the inevitable book line to form, in
spite of announcement of good intention by the
"Co-op in September that it wouldn’t occur again.
Others were more exhuberant in their denunciation
of Co-op policy of the very obviously unsatisfac-
tory method of distributing books.

The Co-op fooled all. It brought forth a very
satisfactory method of distributing books . . . and
if old man winter hadn’t chosen the first week of
school to bare his claws there would have been all
kinds of approbation and sighs of relief over a
problem solved.

Unfortunately there is still a rumbling, gather-
ing momentum. This rumbling comes from those
undoubtedly from the south not accustomed to
walking without coat, “braving the wintry winds”
or “walking in the rain.” Because so many people
in the college dislike tripping to classes, practice
teaching and labs exposed to the “elements,” it
seems logical to conclude that The Co-op should
try its plan in some other place (rather than the
only indoor connection between Draper and Hus-
ted) in the future, perhaps the Lounge or Commons.

Maybe, in the future the Co-op will not be
involved in complications that arise from crowd-
ed conditions. If it should be provided with more
room, with the coming of the Student Union, this
situation shall be eliminated.

A Juicy Bit . . .

Announcement in local newspapers concerning a
faculty member of State College for Teachers ap-
peared Wednesday. This mysterious faculty mem-
ber has been “asked to look for another job.”

Journalistically speaking, congratulations are
due to Knickerbocker News for digging up this
little item so packed with “emotion, scandal and
sex.” At home, sympathy is due the administration
that this little item ever “got out.”

As for the advisability of dismissing faculty
members, that is strictly administration business.
It’s administration responsibility to hire and fire
and not ours to publicly approve or disapprove.

Words, Words . . .

Myskania interpretations are fine. Interpreta-
tions are one of Myskania’s duties. But . . . iii-
terpretations which a judicial body offers to a
student body should be clear, concise, well worded
and readable.

Several weeks ago Myskania had tossed into its
judicial lap “21 question of whether or not student
tax supported organizations should be able to spon-
sor money-making drives.” Myskania has said no.

It was not as simple decision as “no”, however.
.\lyskania found it necessary to back this up with
such seemingly disconnected backing as:

1. Student Board of Finance has no right under
the present constitution to approve these money
making drives.

2. Graduate students may observe all activities
presented by student tax organizations but may
not participate in undergrinluate organizations.

.\lyskzinia's decision on this problem seems logi-
cal. Its presentation of a wordy, explanatory ill-
fct'pi'etation is not logical nor is it practical.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 9. 1951 No. 14

iii-ttriiiulol‘

t‘oIIi-ginle Ilipest
'l‘lie lilllIl'l'gl'flfilliili' newspaper of' the New York State t‘ol
lege i'or 'i'eiicliei‘s pub isliel |'\'i|l‘y Friday of the t‘ollege
your by the NEWS Hoard for the Student Association
l‘Iioiies l-'en'/.el, 211013: \\'o|le. \ti one; \liili. .7 05111 \li-iii
born of the \‘1'2\\‘.\‘ «iiil may he reached 'i‘ucsiini lIIIII
Wednesday from 7 in if no p in til :1 114417
MAIH- l"l'?\'l.l'll. . . — — A

“(H.IHE H\\.\lt'17. - - r < (‘o-lliuiiming Editor
(Hail/ll.“ Ul .\\ - - ‘ » - to-Mmmumg Editor
EVELYN \Hil.l"l'2 A r r - - l'iiiiiie Ilelnlioiu Editor
PAUL Illf‘lllilAN - - — . - - - - - Hpul‘lu Editor
IIIEYI'JIHJ lit lli.l(|\ ('irouluiinii Hummer
JAN!) ('lNlli - r - » - I\(I\t'l'1iNilU‘ Hummer
JUNEI'H l’l IHH - - - "Illilll'li Murmur!
(‘lﬂt‘l‘lLlA I1.\‘l"|'l.~1'll Eu linuue I‘ldltul
NOIHNI". t'.\ltiltl.l. - - - - Amiociiite Edit"!
V'I("l'ill(|.\ IC.\I)I‘J « ~ » - - » < Arum-lute I‘Idiilii
(IllACI‘J SMITH - ~ » - - - AIMH‘IIIH' Editor

 

VOL. XXXV

Member
ANNiii'Illll‘fI t'olleginle l'resn

ICdIlor-Iul'lilel

All coniinnnn'nlions nhontil IH' addressed to till‘ edilor and
mum be signed .\lilill'n will be withheld upon i'i-qtlcm
'l'Iic Hl'.\'ii'3 Illl.i.lCiiiI .\i'3\\.\' iln'iiilll'w no fi'~]lllii~llllil|\
I'til' iijillilons ruin-wort III its I'lfllllllif or iolilliilllilf'ililiitin
on much expressions do iiol lii'innnilt'liy rein-cl iln \iew.

 

 

1., W i... A

 

ITA'I'I COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1931

 

“The trouble with being a professor these days is, one has to work

for peanuts! "

__¢

 

Quick

By JESS

I really thought there would be
more of them. After the waiter had
seated them at the Utopia table I
took a quick count. Only six for
lunch today, although they had
saved a seat for Marx. He was al-
ways coming in late. and only then
if he were sure Plato would be
there. Everyone started talking as
if by signal. Socrates seemed quite
clubby with Mill and even Locke
was taking part in the repartee.
Rousseau sulked as usual until Kant
gave him a pinch on the arm. Hob-
bes knocked over his water glass
laughing. Everyone stopped talking
and glared at him. He stopped
laughing.

 

 

.—

The waiter brought them each a
long slip of paper on which to write
the orders. It had to be long be—
cause they always ordered a great
deal. and it had to be written by
them. for the waiter was forever
getting mixed up. They took the
slips without even looking up and
kept on talking. They stopped just
once while Socrates took the flow-
ers out of the vase in the center of
the table and put in the little wood-
en sign that Rousseau had made.
Locke had it painted in white and
Socrates had put on the letters. Be—
cause he was so clever that way.
they always let him put the sign in
the vase. It rend “Philosophers.”
Then they started talking again.

We were sitting at the World
table close-by. The World fable
very large and there were many.
many more of us sitting at it. in

raceway 4aaz‘nal‘edw '

Dr. Anne ll. ()IIVt'l‘, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Physics and Dr. Charles
1.. Ailtll'ch, Professor of Physics at-
lendcd the Animal Meeting of the
American Physical Society which
was held I"t.‘i)l'lllll'_\’ 1 through 3. The
conference was it joint incctfiig
with the American Physics ’I‘cacli-
c:'s.

Dr. D. 11. ’l‘ieszcii. Professor of
Chemistry. Jean S. Moore, Eugene
ll. McClnrcn, Wliiiillll Spindel niid
Williiiiii lilllcgns. instructors in
Chemistry, and graduate students
in chemistry, attended the meeting
of the Eastern New York Section
of the American Chemical Htil'll'ly
Wednesday at the Sterling Winthrop
itescnrch institute. Dr, Harold l’
itusch, Director of thc McArdlc Mc—
inorinl linisorfin'y for Cancer itc-
sctii'cli, Madison. Wisconsin. spoke
on “Chemical Approaches to the
Cancer Problems."

I.

 

 

.1) «no/t

BARNET
fact. one could almost say it was
crowded. Rousseau used to look over
at us and sneer. Once he even asked
some of us to come over to the Uto—
pia table where there was plenty
of room but nobody did. He never
asked us again and kept on sneer-
ing.

 

 

At the World table the service is
very fast. We give our orders di-
rectly to the waiter. He is back with
them in a twinkling and we never
have to wait. Some of us who are
regular paying customers send our
orders back if they are seasoned too
much, or not enough. or not at all.
Some of us can't remember what
we‘ve ordered and take it for grant-
ed wc‘i'e eating the right thing. Seine
are sure the waiter misunderstood
them. but they have very short
lunch hours and never have the
time to send anything back to the
kitchen. A few just look at their
food and walk out. One never knows
in such cases if the waiter got the
order mixed up or if they just
aren‘t hungry. Yet there are many
who eat everything with relish and
always tip the waiter. It really
must be quite a good restaurant for
if is always crowded at lunch time.

Today I seemed to be a very poky
catci‘. Usually I inn finished before
the rest but today was quite differ-
ent. When I finished by dessert, I
realized that everyone else at the
World table had already left. I look-
cd over at the Utopia table. Min'x
liiid just. come in and was lighting
Plato's cigarette. When the waiter
brought him the long slip of paper.
he brushed it aside. They say he
always orders the same thing any-
way.

The rest. of the group at the Uto-
pia inich were just starting to write
on the long slips of paper. Miirx
was tapping his foot impatiently as
he was very huiru'y. Finally the
waiter ciniie ovrr to their table and
they handed him the long slips of
pnper. 11c siiid soiiicfhlng to them
which 1 couldnt hour but they all
Iff)l(i‘(I Vt‘l‘y sad. ’i‘hey shook their
fiends for if moment and then start-
ed fnlking again.

As the waiter walked away from
the Uiopin fable 1 saw him tear up
the long slips of paper. When he
walked by the World table 1 stop--
pcd him mid asked what liiid hap-
pened. “Oh, they do this everyday."
"it‘s offer two o’clock already. The
Kitchcn's closed." i felt very sorry
for the Utopia tnblc, but then per-
haps no one was really hungry after
all.

 

enema-51am

_____.. By GORSKIE Ind KYLE

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those a} the Sun: CILLIOI
News.

SEEMS LIKE . . .

There are only two days in the school when we
feel free and caught up on our work . . . the first
day of classes in September . . . and its counter-
part in February . . . after that we don’t know what
happens . . . it’s a whirlwind . . . but why fight it?

IN THE DUMPS? . . .

Just take a look at the SCAGS bulletin board in
lower Draper . . . it’s the most interesting one in the
school . . . those 200 grad courses must give them
plenty of leisure time to leaf through magazines . . .
oh. to be working on our Masters!

COMING IN FOR THE KILL . . .

The tension starts next week for sororities and
interested frosh . . . with silent period no one knows
where anyone stands . . perhaps it's better that
way . . . but you might try Morse code. girls . . .

SHADES 0F JIM FARLEY . . .

The most dynamic campaign for an office we have
seen around here in a long while seems to have fizz-
led out . . . the candidate declined . . . and Louie
tried so hard.

THE LENTEN SEASON IS HERE . . .

And people will be saving money on cigarettes . . .
Ockies will probably feel a small pinch . . . a few
girls will lose a few pounds . . . here's our sugges-
tion . . . have you thought of giving up homework?

. . that; really would be a sacrifice.

STATE FAIR . . .

Lower Draper is “fail-"1y overflowing with mysteri-
ous and provoking posters . . . the big thing this year
seems to be shows and restaurants . . . we wonder
where SLS is getting the “snooks” for the “Snook
Pit" . . . and St. Mary's the beds for "Bed-Lam."

GOOD NEWS . . .

The best thing to hit State since the “police ac-
tion" began in Korea and its subsequent draft scare
is the fact that we now have a chance for an Air
Force ROTC here . . . if we get behind Dr. Collins
and show that we really want it . . . don’t forget when
you fill out the preference ballots today that an ROTC
group here doesn‘t mean you have to join . . . in fact,
if pfne is set up, competition to get in will be plenty
sti ’ .

ON THE ROAD . . .

With AD this semester . . . seems to be the byword

. requests are coming in from high schools in the
Albany area for the class to take its plays out of
the mothballs and put them on . . . some have al—
ready gonc out, and the next few weeks should see
three or four more taken off campus . . . on the
practical side it seems that quite a few students have
become friendly with the principals . . . might come
in handy in a year or two.

DRAI’ER “BOOK MART" . . .

We walked into lower Draper and bought a book
in three minutes the other day . . . got outside and
were trembling from the shock . . . even the rain
whipping arotmd us as we shivei'ed through the peri-
stylc couldn‘t take away the wonderful feeling of
not having to wait in line a week to get a book . . .
now if only we had some money to buy some more.

CONGRATULATIONS . . .

Now that KDR has a house, all the Greeks on
campus have a place to call their own . . . but with
so many men leaving next semester. how long will
the fruts be able to keep their houses?

Ceramicde

To The Editor:

Are tin-re any graduate students who would be iii-
tci'estcd in forming a graduate honor society? The
membership standards. (lites. name. objectives. etc.
would be initially determined by the charter mem-
bers. At this point 1 nm only desirous of determining
the iiilcl'csl. if any. in such an organization. interest-
ed persons may contact. me by student mail.

Marvin Schwartz
(lriuluate.

 

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY ll

"1:30 pm. chnfc Council ’l‘i‘youfs, ttooni 20’]
Draper.
8—12 pm. Phi Delta Open House.

0 p.m.—1 n.ni. Kappa Delta Rho rush date party
in Commons.

'I'I'I'ISIlAY. FEBRUARY 10

11! Noon l(lC Brotherhood Meeting. Draper.
111.
11! Noon Commerce Club Meeting. ilooiii £100

Draper.
11 pm. Kappa Phi Kuppn Meeting, Lounge
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 11

ll om. son licnfcn Discussion, 230 soni-
Street.
7:110 p,m. Science Club Meeting. ltoom 150.

'l‘lll‘ltSDAY, FEBRUARY 12
3:110 pin. Forum Meeting, Lounge.

arm: COLLEGE nzws. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY-.9. ieai

 

Mathews Lists
Job Placements

Oi Graduates

Elmer C. Mathews. Director of the
Teacher Placement Bureau. has re-
leased the names of the following
graduates who have received place-
ments. The list consists of those who
have received positions during Jan-
nary.

Included are: Hugh Woodcock ’51.
Red Hook Central School, Math,
Driver Education: Richard Watson
‘51. East Springfield Central School,
Science, Math: Mrs. Marie Myers
'51. Schenectady Central Park Jun-
ior High School. Junior High Eng-
lish. Social Stitches; Lincoln Mar-
zello ’51. Walden. Math, Driver
Training; Frank Haines ‘51. Hemp-
stead, Seventh grade; Basil Kar—
piak ‘51. Franklin Academy, Ma-
lone, Commerce; Garner Walsh '50.
Willsboro Central School. Science.
Math; Paul Westfall ‘50. South
Fallsburgh Central School, Com-
merce: John Ligero ‘51, Hcmpstcad.
Commerce, Law; Michael Cortese
'50, North Syracuse. Commerce;
Edward Collins ‘51. Pine Plains.
Latin. French; Mary A. Sulieh '50,
Lake Luzcrnc, Scicnce.

Also listed wci'c: Elaine Bisco '50.
Alfred—Almond Central School.
Commerce; Emanuel lsancson '51.
Maniisvillc, English El. 10, 11, French
1. 3: Frances Konopkn '51, Fulton.
Socml Stitches 0; Lee Phillips ‘51,
Vermin, Social Studies: (.‘ieorg‘c La-
zarou '51, Delhi. English 8. 9. 10;
Mario Dchrlo ‘50, Castlcton. So-
cial Studies 7, S). 10; Joscph Carol
‘47. Bureau of Research. Depart—
ment of liklucation, Albany. Senior
Research Assistant; Pclcr Havey '51.
East (lrcenbush. Junior High Social
Studies: Lee Crowc ‘51, Cnnnjohn-
ric, Social Studies 7; Frank Hcancy
'51. (‘iriffis Air llnsc. Rome. Elec-
tronic iijnginccr; Philip Mnlnfsky ‘51.
Ellenyillc. (,‘onnncrcc, Math; Eliza-
beth (iiith-l'. Indian Lake. Social
Studies ii, it). 11 1‘3, French 2.

Yale To Sponsor

Science Program

Science (‘lnh will hold its first
tin-cling of the seincsfcr Wednes-
day. 7:30 p. 111. in room 1:30. lins-
fcd, Selection of delegates to the
Eastern (‘oliegcs Science Conference
and the beginning of a science
workshop will follow the meeting,
according to iici‘bei't 'l'hier ‘52.
President.

The clicfion of the delegates to
the conference will be open to any
student interested in science. The
selection will not be limited to
members of Science (‘.lnb. 'l‘lic coli—
lt‘lt‘lll‘i‘ will he held at Yale Univer-
sity. :\j)l‘li 741.

The workshop, \\illl'il will be nn—
iif'l' iill‘ direction of Sylvia Levine
1111. will also be open to all sin—
tif‘ll|‘~ interested in \t'lt'llt't‘. 1| will
lentinc work ill the applied sci—
cin'i“ Included 111 this pi'ogz'nni will
in- work 111 l':lfilli nnd glass iiItinli'L.

Judicial Body issues Warnings
Io Violators Lil State Iiddiiion.

I"lt'-ll|lll'1i who hnyc ll'l'l‘l\'t'tl ec-
iind \\;iiiinii'..s loi' \‘ioinlloli til i-llnlc
('(iIIt‘tH' traditions are .lonii l)uprey,
Mary Ann (‘o .‘dllltitlll. lVlni'ilynn
i\It‘\l‘l"\ .\Indi‘i\ll Mcll'l‘. iVlnlLtnl'cl
(iuinun. .1.i\cc l.nl.~.ky, (il‘l‘lt‘ill'lf
I'lf'll. (‘Iinrle l.n:»k. nnd Mni'y
(‘ln'i lfijilll‘l'. .ccoidlni'. lo i\’I1|l'iilf|
Downey of

.\ thiin warning would necessilnlc
:iii :lillllllj'l Io Htinlenl .I\:e»oci:illon

 

Clothes Driers

Study Lamps
l‘liousands of Items
Central Variety Store

113:: f‘ ‘i'il ‘1"‘11111‘

litiou ijuuil .‘ill‘l'f‘l

than i I‘.\ illnlil 1111 ll

 

 

Kappa Delta Rl‘iO Acquires Home

Kappa Delta Rho fraternity has

rented a house at 241 Manning
Boulevard. near the intersection
with Washington Avenue, according
to President James W. Dunn ’51.
The house was obtained by a IlOUS-
ing '(illlllllilt‘c unoer the chairman-
ship of George Waldbillig ’51.

The house was formerly a two-
family home and will house approx-
imately 18 men. At present, sixteen

Offer Grants
To Graduates

Fellowships for study, research
and teaching are available to grad-
notc students in foreign countries,
:ncoi'ding to Dr. Edward Shaw, Pro-
les.~oi' of Modern Languages. rl'he
fellowships are made possible by the
Iii‘tl‘zﬁliltlll government and the In-
slltlllc of international Education.

The Brazilian government has
made available four fellowships to
American students for graduate re-
:~t':fl‘t‘il 111 Brazil uuring the academ-
c year 10:31. it is preferred that
successful candidates start in March
if possible. but they may start later
as the awards are primarily for re-
seai'ch. Suggested fields of research
me tin- Portugutse language or var—
ious aspects of Brazilian culture, but
other research subjets are not ruled
out. Candidates must present proof
of American titlcllSIlljl. a Bache-
lor's degree, a good academic record.
and a working knowledge of Portu—
gncsc. Students interested in these
fellowships must, act quickly since
the closing (late for filing applica-
ll(ills is ’l‘liui‘sdiiy.

The institute of International Ed—
ucation has announced the availa-
illI11\' of numerous grants for study
or lcncillllg in foreign countries
which are iiol related to the li‘ul—
i.r.,iin I’ioglnlli. 'l'hcse grants lll-
i'illlli' :lhhl‘dtilllhirlilﬁ for teaching
:tlnl fellowships for grndniilc studies
in ii‘i‘nncc. the Netherlands, Switz-
l‘iiililll. Austria and (lermany. All
candidates must have a Bachelor's
fit‘jill‘l' by June. lilol, and must file
illi‘l.‘ applications with lhc III.ii.iIiII('
lif'fflif' man-n l. l'or further infor—
iiliflifill contact Dr. Hille.

 

'l‘EAt‘IIERS WAN'I‘EI)
For
Ml(‘ll.. (‘.-\|.II“., OTHERS
ltl‘ltAl.
KINDEIHEAR’I‘EN
I‘Ll.|‘ii\ll'lN’l'i\l{Y
HI'I'I(‘l.-\l. EDl't'A'l‘lON
ELEMEN’I'AIH’ l’lth('ll’Al.S
and Sl‘l’EltVlStlltS
HUME lilt‘ONUMIt‘S
MESH?

Many openings in Single. Stil-
ai'y Schedules Ranging from
51700—51100. With Large credits
for e\pcriencc~

i'lnieigciny N .\|i«| \cn'

l'crmifs graiiltd eleiiieiitai'y
lcaeln-rs \vltiioul but near de~
grecs in I‘illllt‘tllitin. (live plioio,
phone. qualifications.

('iiiic 'I'caciiei's Agency

Cast Lansing. Michigan

 

 

  

members are living at the house
which was already furnished.

The floor plan includes a combi—
nation library and lounge room to be
used as a study room. One of the
two kitchens is being refurnished as
a dormitory room. The members also
plan to redecorate the third floor
1.111(‘ as a recreation and meeting
room.

The brown house with yellow trim-
mings will be under the direction of
the men. All the cooking and clean-
ing will be on a cooperative basis
among the fraternity brothers. The
house off'irers which have been
elected are llouse President. Ken-
Iitli. I{.lliii‘_\' oil illll i ouse Treas-
urer. Rooei't Hausner '52.

John L. Blakeley. National Presi-
dent of the Kappa Delta Rho fra-
ternity, will spend this weekend at
lhc house as a guest of the Gain-
1 in chapter of the fraternity. Blake-
lcy is a graduate of Pennsylvania
State University and is now presi-
dent of the National Board of D1—
rectors of the fraternity.

Art Department
Displays Exhibit

The Art Department in collabora-
tion with several art classes. includ-
ing the students of Mechanical
Drawing and Fundamentals of Art.
is holding an exhibit on the sec-
ond floor of Draper. it has been
announced by Ruth E. Hutchins,
Assistant Pr'ifessor of Art. The ex-
liibil. includes various designs iii-
spircd by nature lll’I numerous pat-
terns. It will be displayed until
l"cbruai‘y 23.

Miss llutcliins has also announ-
it'll plans for the expansion of the
Art Department. The (lcpartiiieni
\t'l‘vllt‘:~ to gain more rooms for its
\fo’k in :hc I.f.fl' future.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

'i'oi'ti'nltinc At Its Fluent"
\ ‘
Ilfli.|.Y\\'f)()I) ('(ihli‘iS
lCAS'I‘ 'I‘() 'I‘AI'J‘I
YUUH I’tlll'l‘ItAI'I‘
u s

til’l'IN fl fill ft) 5,311 DAILY
lil'ciii..;:- by nppilnliiicnl

l'll '.l.‘\lll.‘if lN l\\'ll.'Niii‘.'

 

ll'll.i‘?I’ilt mill. -1 -tiiil'l

Fresh, Upperciassmen Split Vote
in Opinions On Debate Results

The results tabulated in the poll
concerning the debate between
State and West Point held in as-
sembly January 19. indicate that
the student body was not in agree-
ment; with the judges decision. De-
bating for West Point on the neg-
ative team were cadets King Peters
and John Molnar. On the affirma-
tive team for State were Harold
Vaughn. Grad and Thomas God-
ward ’51.

The proposition debated was: Re-
solved: That the Non-Communist
Nations should form a new inter-
national organizatlon.” Judges of
the debate were Dr. Robert Rienow,

Presidents Slate
Class Activities

The Junior Class has announced
plans for the annual Junior Week-
end and for the obtaining of class
rings. The Sophomore and freshman
classes have chosen their Big-4
scripts and directors.

President Harvey Robinson '52 has
announced that the theme of Junior
Weekend. March 16—18, will be
‘Alicc in Wonderland." The Junior
Prom will be held at the Shaker
Ridge Country Club Saturday.
March 17 from 10 p. m. to 2 a. m.
with music by Harry Vincent. his
trumpet and his Orchestra.

Any students who still desire to
obtain class rings are requested to
contact Harvey Robinson ’52 im-
mediately. This refers to Seniors
and students who will be leaving
before the rings will be distributed.

The Sophomore Class has chosen
the Big-4 script written by Edward
Lindsey and John Lannon. accor-
ing to Patrick Carlo ’53. Vice-Presi-
dent. The director for the produc-
tion is John Lannon and the sec-
retary is Betty Coykendall.

President Alfred Clemente ’54 has
announced that Richard Averson is
author and director of the freshman
Big-4. Averson will be assisted by
Treasurer James Finnen, Co-direc-
for Henry Grimsman. and Co-ordi-
nafor of the committees Nancy R00-
sa. Any freshmen who wish to work
on the committees and have not
been named are requested to attend
the future meetings of those com-
mittees in order to become a mein—
ber of the committee of their pre—
fci'ence

 

Professor of Social Studies. Dr. Wil-
liam Vickery, Professor of Cultural
Education and Director of the Cen-
ter for Community study, and Dr.
Matthew Elbow. Assistant Profes-
sor of Social Studies.

Of the 651 ballots returned 3413
favored State as winner. 193 chose
West Point, 104 did not vote and
11 were left completely blank. The
proportion of freshmen voting for
the West Point Team was greater
than among the upperclassmen.

These results compared with the
answer to the question “Do you sin-
cerely believe that the UN is enough
of a failure to warrant its abolish-
inent?” indicate that the upper-
classmen were less consistent in
their opinions and their choice of
team than the freshmen were. More
freshmen who favored keeping the
UN voted for the West Point team
which debated in favor of the UN.
0f the 196 votes for the affirma-
tive from the upperelassmen 159
wanted to keep the UN but voted
for the affirmative; 112 of the
freshmen voted to keep the UN
yet supported the affirmative team
which they felt presented a better
debate. Although the groups of up-
perclassmen and freshmen showed
noticeable difference in size, 51
freshmen as compared with 53 up-
perclassmn did not vote.

Commuters Club
Selects Maquire

The new President of Commuters
Club for this year is Mary Maguire
'52. who replaces Paul LeBrun who
was graduated in January. Accord-
ing to Maguire. elections for the re-
placement Were held before exams.
An election to fill the vacancy of
vice-prsident will be held Tuesday.

The Commuters have also com-
pletely revised their Constitution,
and each member has been given a
cosy of the new set of regulations
Moreover. a new and larger bulle-
tin board has been put up in the
lower hall of Draper.

Maguire also states that she plans
to keep and work with the former
executive board members. The
board includes: Sally Tshuml and
Paul Wilbur, Seniors; Betty Allen
mid Reta Lee White. Juniors. and
Donald Cook and Margaret Hebert.
Sophomores.

 

a. situation to develop.

The system appears to be
it, is still a better system.

about the system

it will fake a little time.

Your

Feb. 13
buy your used books.

 

 

WE GAN’T PLEASE EVERYBODY

No, we can't please everyone. but we try to. Last fall when
he book lines were endless and students had to sign “sign-up
snects" to get books we were soundly criticized for allowing sueh

We thought that at the star
sent the students with a better system. This we have tried to do.

nlid service is quicker. It is not a perfect system by any means.
The stairs are crowded and students have to come in to the pur-
chasing iireii from the Hosted side of the corridor, but we feel

We have heard many commentsismostly favorable—~about our
new system. Thank you. We have also heard several complaints
mostly justifiableﬁnnd to these people we say.
be patient. We lll't‘ trying to develop the best. system we can, but

Very truly yours,

Barnes & Noble representative will be at Co-op to

(‘o-op is now in a position to repair your watches 8: jewelry
11' your watch nccds i'cpnli'ing,
quickly 1't‘llilllt'(l by an expert.

 lit [llama-fir .1

MDNE -', 54w ‘
...‘  // ,iiiilliiii

 

t of this semester we would pre-

better. There are no long lines

bring it to us. We can have it

 

 

 

 

