 

 

 

 

 

. :M mm...“

 

PAGE 2

Rushing?

The first semester rushing system has once again
invaded State College with “Know Your Sorority
Week.” The unfortunate part of it is that the
freshmen who are trying to get adjusted to col-
lege life happen to be the victims. For three years,
Inter-sorority Council has tried various rushing
systems, but sorority women have never been sat-
isfied. Last spring individual members from
each of the sororities voiced their preference to
go back to first semester rushing.

Although the sorority women feel that they are
unhappy about the present situation, the men as
well as the freshmen are in a confused state of
affairs. During the rush period, the art of acting
natural is lost. Obviously if we are to maintain
the sororities on this campus, some method must
be employed to enable the freshmen to know the
sorority women. Since an open season would prob-
ably involve more difficulties, a system or code is
indispensable.

The present rules, like the past ones, which have
been set tip by Inter—sorority Council can be very
easily broken. These rules invite pettiness on the
part of the rushers. The only way in which this
may be avoided is for the individual sorority
woman to stop looking for the others who may be
breaking the rules and spend her time in a more
worthwhile manner by checking upon herself to
see if she is fulfilling her duty of making the pres-
ent code successful. The most important
thing is not the number of freshmen one can get
to join her group but rather the method in which
she encourages them to pledge. Treat the fresh-
men like human beings and as individuals, not as
"just freshmen“ who might make good sorority
sisters. Remember. sorority Women, your duty is
not completed after pledge service. For a change.
let's have a clean rushing season and fulfill the
purpose for which the sororities exist on this catn-
pus.

YOUI‘ Chance . . .

I’cr/tigoguc troubles do not usually start until
Moving-Up Day but this year the staff seems to
be having difficulties already. Due to their pro-
posed plans of having group pictures and photos of
the social activities of the various sororities and
fraternities on campus. many complaints have been
registered from these groups.

Last year the members of the Senior Board of
the yearbook met with Meyers Publishing (‘om-
pany and signed a contract which sets up their
deadline schedules. During the summer the lav-
otit of the book was planned and the staff began
its work as soon as the students returned to school.

The voting power regarding the yearbook lies
with the members of its Senior Board. infer-sor-
ority and Inter—fraternity (.‘ouncils can register
their complaints with the Board members for dtie
consideration. If the l’crlugogitc Staff decides to
revert to the method of individual pictures it will
mean breaking its deadlines which have been set
tip in the contract. If the staff does not fulfill its
part of the contract, the publishing company is iioi
obligated to the contract. which means that the
yearbooks will come out at a later date in the
spring. :\lihough the (ireeks buy the pages in the
book. is it worth postponing the distribution of
the book and depriving the greater part of Student
Association which finances most of it from receiving
it at the proposed date?

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1918
BY THE CLASS OF T918

 

ItA'l'lNG—FIRS'I‘ (‘LASS
October 5, 1951 No. 3
.\lI-mlur lll‘ll'llilllitl'
Assocliitvd f'olh-glaic I‘l't-~~ t'ollt-gialv l'lL'l"l
'1')“. “nupyw-ditozile newspaper of llit‘ .\cW i'orlt Stair: t‘ol
low. for 'l‘mrhers. published t‘it'l‘i Friday of the t‘olli-giv
)t'iil' by the NEWS Hoard i'ol' Illl' Student .\ssol'i.iiloii

VOL. XXXVI

\lwinin-I" of the \l'2\\'.\' ~i.ill |IIi\ In: I'I.|il|i‘Il 'l'iiiulav ,lllil
:nti \\t-:Iii-~tl.i\ ‘ron T 'o II 'o a‘ 3351;”; ll“ ll

l'hnii » S‘nitli ‘J'l‘l'J‘t 1"..i-lv ti‘.’ flint lurin Ii'Jlal‘

tilt.“ I'; h‘ill‘l’ll - » » ritlllordii (Illa-f
VH'I'UIU.‘ HAIH'. I - - - ‘Iiuiiiuiiiu liltiilur
holil’ﬁ'li ('AlHillJ. - l'uliilc lCi-lnlltiiin I'Jdilor
DONALD Iil‘MNH - - - Hliortn ltlillloi'
utilil‘lu'l‘ Jr“ 011" Senior Hpiirlu \Ii-ililwr
HAIULHIA JOif l'l - tireiiliifloii \Iiuiiiuer
IiOlfO’l‘lH Iii-t'lf‘fO Ext-Iiiiiiuo I'ltlllor
I'.'\I'MH'I.\ “Alffil 51‘” Advertising I'Ztlltor
llfl'2\l'l IHll'll\hI\\ I‘l’ltilll‘l' Inilllor
HEN-"i NOSZI‘JWHIH » Armor-lull- I'ldllor
I‘IH'I'IINK \lA‘AKIH Aunticliifiv l'fdlior'
HANNAH} I’I'IAI‘I'I » .‘hhtli‘iilil' lutliior
I'.l.l'/..\IH'J'I'II I’l..\'l"i' » \nsolnti- I‘.lliliil'

“cum—- - up, ~aa

 

,\ll l'iilllllllllitt'lllitill‘ should in- .IIlllIl'hN'll to Ih, mirror .llfll

liillNl in- nllill'll Satin-n WIll in- within-hi upon rule 0
'l’ln- S’l'A'l'l‘i till.l.l'ii-l'3 NI'IWS .ihhlillii'n no Ii‘ [minimum
for tililliliitln i‘llll't'nhi‘ll lll il1 tlilllililih or It‘llflllllllltillnill‘
l1 such exp I""i| iis till it ‘ iiiri-mai'ily rt-l'liii if \ir'\\

 

W”

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 5. 1951

 

 

 

 

 

/

Copyright l95| by ESquiro, In:

 

7W 0/

By JESS

—.——-——v

 . . and therefore, being fully
cognizant of our lowly and subserv-
ient positions, predicated upon the
haughty arrival of the new child.
every student, male or female, now
residing or having resided at any
time in the past at Sayles Hall shall
meet at dusk upon the mall. At the
signal the vanguard of the League
of Has-Beens shall herald the en—
trance of the venerable “Sisters in
Shame." more recently and off-
handedly known by their stirring
slogan—“Pierce Prefers Peace."

At the appointed hour. as the
crow flies. twhich is rather unlikely
on such occasionsi. the battalion of
Cottage Queens shall form its ranks
directly in front of the Western
Avenue Woppers—namely the roari-
tfes and the tternities. When thus
assembled, the faculty chorus shall
goad the mob with an original bal-
lad entitled "I’m the Dean, You're
the Dean, the Dear Old Place is
Full of Deans." Recognizing the
probable emotional effect of such
an offering upon the group, one ino-
ment of silent meditation shall be
required at the close of the singing.
Following this, all seventy-year
members of "Hc-uscmotiiers Forever"
shall come forward to receive their
licorice-dipped spears.

The chieftains of each participat-
ing group shall then proceed swift-

 

C’de

 

To the Editor

We, iiere at State College are al-
ways being told that we are grown
up and need little supervision. How—
ever, the treatment given to me, as
well as many other graduate stu-
dents gave the impression that I
was back in grammar school.

You may remember that the as-
sembly last week began with a ino-
vic on State College. tA very good
job of propagandlzing-eongratula-
tioiis to all concernedt At the con-
cltision of this fine motion picttire,
not being a member of Student As-
sociation. I tuteiiipted to leave. My
attempt was thwarted at every exit
by the teeth bared, armed guards
of Campus Commission. I was told,
"Only faculty members may leave."

All the other graduate students
were given the same treatment. For—
tunately. a college education has
given most gratis the abiliy to meet
such situations. Matty became siid~
deiily ill, and lutd lo lf‘llVl‘. ()thci's
quickly registered in I‘iflttt‘litlfili
iltiP'l‘. and had to meet their classes
in Milne at 1 iii) pm. Still others
who looked too healthy to become
ill, and were not dressed suitably
to register in l"(lil('t|llOli ll‘lP’l‘ had
to take the unethical course oi
leaving by the exits alongside the
stage. at. which Campus Commis-
.~ioii very negligently failed to place
their armed gi'tirds There were still
a few left who would not stoop to
any of these actions These students
Were forced to sit through a meet<
my. which was neither their right
nor their duty to attend.

i believe it is about lliiit‘ an end
was put to such lllthf‘Oti as this, and
.iiidciiis were given the licetlom
their maturin entitles llieiii to

Very truly yours,

  

V

 

 

/~l/ \ 

 

 

Reprinted from April 195i issue of Esquire

“Have You a Reservation?”

7/“; 7m

BARNET

1y to the center of the mall to begin
their exhortatlons. Note of warn-
ing: if it has begun to rain (and
only if it has begun to mini the
faculty chorus will again sing. this
time a more subdued ditty. aptly
titled "Dry Lectures," with its pur-
pose to dispel the rain. After the
cxhortations of the chieftaiiis have
begun, the sacrificial ﬁre will be
lit and each and every battalion tno
slackerst will form itself in a cir-
cle around the fire and begin the
chant. The chant shall last for ap—
proximately seventeen hours. at the
end of which battle lines will be
formed. ‘

_—_———v

To insure the safety of all war-
riors. the Boulevard Dysentei'ia,
which has secretly been aiding the
causet shall provide innumerable
trays for the utmost protection. The
signal to charge shall be given in a
most charming manner. Four of the
Cottage Queens shall proceed dain-
tily to outside a lighted wlnclow in
the west wing of the marked man-
sion, whereupon one of them shall
begin whistling Wistfully “Shoo-Fly
Pie and Apple Pan Dowdy." One of
our trustees shall thenappearat the
window, waving several pink hand-
kerchiefs. and returning the complii
ment by screaming tin C major»
"Come On-A My House." THAT IS
THE SIGNAL. Everyone must hold
fire until that signal ls given. There
is no other signal. And remember
the battle cry, it must be memoriz-
ed. “BURN BRUBACIIER.”

The above item was snatched by
an alert student from under the
"Egg Salad. $.15" grouping in the
cafeteria yesterday morning. It is
respectfully requested by the writer
that. it be brought to the attention
of all heroic and loyal students. The
eommodious and luxurious edifice
which has been bequeathed to us
should not fall victim to such inali-
cious beasts of prey. And lest you
become complacent about it all, it
is my unfortunate duty to inform
you that. five thousand Sieiia stit-
dcnts are at this moment sticking
pins in miniature copies of the
dormitory. 'l‘htrcfore let us all cut
gym class today, and meet in the
boiler room at the apointed hour,
as the crow flies twhlch is rather
unlikely on such occasionst

 

£64! Wee/a
in rqddemdltf

'l‘lic i'eyision of the State College
movie was presented for the first
time to the eiiiire student body as
file highlight of the assembly pro-
gram last I"i'iday Under the (lli‘t'(‘~
lion of Martini liowney and Patricia
.lai, Class of lllbl, With Dr Floyd
16 ileiii'ikson. Professor of l-Zdnca-
lion. as the l'ltitllu‘t‘l'. the revised
>hois of the illOVlt' were completed
lll‘il spring.

 

President. of Student Association
Willliilli Wiley '52, presented the
Association Willi plans for the es-
lttlillrlllllt‘lil. of a coiniiiillcc whose
duty it Would be to formulate rules
governing the Student Union (.‘iim~
pus organizations have elected ll
committee of nine who. in coni-
puny With Mrs. lillcaiior iliilhtiway,

Saul ltubeiisteln, firutlwtll set up the code.

Gammon-stated

_.__ By DUNN and PEENE

THE ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT . . .

seems to be turning into a mumblety peg club. Fit-st
they barred varsity players from intro-mural foot-
ball and now they have stipulated that no member
of the soccer team may play basketball—and vice-
versa. We can’t quite see the reasoning behind this
unless the fact that basketball practice starts in the
middle of Baseball Season causing it to conflict with
soccer. This doesn't seem to be indicative of the ex-
banding athletic program that We've heard so much
about. How about it. Coach?

 

MANY THANKS . . . .
to the Co-op for having our interests at heart by
doing away with the ten cent check-cashing Cllargo
last year and for going all out this year by not cash-
ing‘checks at all. This is reminiscent of the little boy
who left the cellophane on his lollypop when he flit-
it because it lasted longer.

HAVE YOU NOTICED . . .

the dejected, tear-stained faces meandering forlorn—
ly around the halls lately? We have—«and we found
out that these are the “camera-shy" Greeks who
were crushed when they heard that they were, going
to be deprived of their personal portraits in the [’01
We imagine that being crammed into a group picture.
Mommy and Daddy will barely be able to spot their
proteng l l !

We realize that this will be a blow to their social
prestige. but they should be men and women enough
to accept it . . . since it is in the interest of a better
I’ed. The yearbook is in the hands of a ('oiiipelcni
staff—why don't we give them a chance to prove
themselves?

BIG 4 AGAIN!

There is a movement afoot to do away with lhu
4's as they exist today. The Big 4 has long been it
debatable subject and it. deserves a lot of thought.
especially on the part of the freshmen and Sopho—
mores since they will be the oizcs affected by ain
changes. Keep your eyes open for more news on llll‘
issue. Maybe a change is in orc'er'.)

AS PICK USUAL

with the "friendly" sorority season in progress. grip-
iiig is at its peak with slams here and more slam
there. Before you gals start chcpin‘ your gums about
other sororities. examine your actions and tho-c of
your sisters in so far as dirty rushing is concerned
We don't think any one will get any medals What do
you think the purpose of these fraternal organiza—
tloiis is? . . . back biting and cat sessions. They were
set up to promote friendly relationships is n o
hard to i'riaintahi this idea?

The present. rushing rules are very iiilricaic. but
if they don‘t work out they can be corrected lll"-;|
year. Then too. these rules were arrived at by u maiv
ority vote of sororities . . So what's your problem“

Let‘s act. our ages . . . Is that too mu‘h to a 1-.
future teachers? It so, we're ill a rut.

llEAlt YE!

The ri‘l‘iKllllOlltlllHS were successful and Mllit'i'\:i
has been returned to her enviable position in ihc
Rotunda. But now the two factions of ll'litlllltili‘illrx'
and non, have just as big a problem to contend with

Imagine! Should we keep our system of clas
beanies or institute a college beanie? There will bc
class meetings held next week to discuss ll|l> major
issue.

liMISAItASSINO MOMEN’I‘S .

Perhaps it would be it good idea to have a circular
printed on courtc v . something we l-t't'lli to lack

and that's putting it mildly. President (‘olhpu inut
have been very cnibni'asscd as were it li‘\\' lilt'lillit‘l
of the audience when Mr. Sicgrfricd kindly and tin
lightenly aldi'cssc'l our inst-iiibliigt- ins-i week Pre

idciit (.‘ollins obviously stood up after liili'titlllt'lil'
the speaker, in hopes that we would follow lu- c'a
ample like-wist- at the clow of the :ititli't-s~-. What a—
matta! glue on the scats'.’

QI‘I‘IS’I'ION OI" ’I‘III'I WI-JI'IK . . .
Is 11 hard headed to be soft hearted"

 

College Calendar - - _

 

FRIDAY. Of'TOIlI'Ili 5

ll pin llt'iu '/.ci:i (ipcn lloirc loi Stair lttili

If thi pin I"rcnch t‘luh
Loungi-

it‘l’i‘jilllill iii Iticliaitl oil

it pin
it pm

l'ui (lamina tipcn llou‘c

tiamina Kappa Phi lintc l’:ill‘.
SA'I‘I‘IlIbH'. Ot'TOlil'th ti

itiiitiam Van lll'i/.t‘t‘ l'lt'lil" :il 'l‘halchci l'.ili".
‘J pin Soccer tinmc .it ilcvcrww-k Pail:

fl pm Sayica llall ll:i\inh-

.‘iI'NliA 1'. (it"l‘filil'llf 7

it) not Kappa lit-iii l'lt'lilt‘ at ’l‘haichci Pail.
lti lltia in Signing Up ioi /\t'll\llli' Ili (‘ouuuolt
ll pin Knppn llt'llH ()lll"l Iltili:t' fol .‘Haf: .lliilt

'l‘l’l‘ZSliAi'. (it"l'OliI-Zit Li
'I lit) pin llill‘l l"liill'llil|‘. :iinokci

ll pin Math ('lub lVlti'lllil'. in
Loungi-

St'AfiS Siiiokci in lili' l.Ii|lIiiii'

lli llll.l| lit

‘1 pin

Wl'lliNl'LHiiAi’, (it"l‘Oltlﬁlt Iti
"filo p.iii

Science Club lVll"‘lllig iii ltoom loft

 

 

Religious Clubs
Plan Reception,
Secure Speakers

The religious clubs have announc-
ed plans for their future activities.
Student Christian Association will
hear a missionary speaker Wednes-
day. Newman Club will hold a tea
for women and a smoker for men
Sund ay. Inter-Varsity Christian
Fellowship has scheduled three
meetings. and Intercollegiate Zion-
ist Federation of America will hold
its first social of the year tonight
at the RPI Clubhouse.

Veteran to Address SCA

John Charles Heinrich will speak
to Student Christian Association
Wednesday on "A Philosophy of
Life." Heinrich. a veteran of World
War It, is a graduate of Yale
Divinity School. and also did grad-
uate work at Cornell. According to
Helen Pilcher ‘52, President of SCA.
Heinrich has some interesting and
challenging things to relate con-
cerning his beliefs for “A Philoso-
phy of Life.“ His army observations
play a great part in what he has to
say. and make it timely material
for Christians in today's world.

Also on SCA agenda isthe Animal
intercollegiate Fall Conference of
the Student Christian Movement in
New York State, which will be held
the weekend of" Friday, October 19
through Sunday. October 21. at Vas-
sar College. Poughkcepsie. New
York. The speakers will be Dr.
Reinhold Neiber mid Dr. Theodore
Gill. SCA will pay most of the es—
penses for the weekend. Anyone iii-
tcrestcd in attending the conference
is asked to sign upon the SCA bul—
letiii board or contact Ruth La Graft
 via student mail. Chapel service
next Wednesday will have Dr. Frail-
t-ess Colby. liisructor in English. as
speaker and Carol Jenkins '51 as
leader.

Newman ('liiii Plans Smoker, Tea

According to Beverly Praiiitis '53,
President. Newman Chili will hold
a tea for all women from 3 pm. to
5 pm. Sunday at Newman Hall. The
all'air will be followed by it smoker
for men. starting at 7 pin. Alice
Whittemore Til is in charge of the
tea. and .lolm Lannoii '53 serves as
chairman of the smoker. All stu—
dent... including li'i‘Sllliit'li. are iii-
viletl to attend the tea or the smo—
kei'.

I\'('I-' ’l‘o lloltl Bible ('lass

William Wlniwer ‘53. President.
has released the lnler— Varsity
Christian l"t‘llt)\\'.\l111) schedule which
includes llible study class today at
iltilti pin in ltoom Bull. Draper. At ll
iiit‘t'iiilzt on 'l'iu'alny. (ictolier fl, 143d-
ward l‘i‘lll.'."ti\l will tell of his lVCi“
staff work in Mexico. The first. in
a series of three lectures on "The 12
o'clock (‘hrisiian Message" will be
i.',l\’t'il 'l‘hui‘2-day, October 11. A mem-
ber of the th.‘l" British team now
touring ihc cmlern United States
will give this first lecture at noon
in lirapcr 111.

17.1"11 Schedules Social

The State chapter of MFA has
announced plans to hold its first
social oi the year ioiiiglii at 7:.‘lti
pin ill iln- Itl‘i chapter Clubhouse.
There will be entcriainmcni, re-
ll't‘hlllllt'lllrt. and dancing. ’l‘ranspor—
tnlion can be arranged by notif\—
mg l.llll:ili Kaimnskv hi or linth
Hlltill' Kill

Shaw issues Deadline
For Fulbright Grants

'l'hcrc is l..l tune for Hcinoi‘s
:iii.l (illlillliill' sliidciiiu to apply for
a llil't'll’ll Indy eranl under the
l"ltllii'll!.lil Act. in Edward P Shaw.
l’l'lilt'h‘iil ol .\1o.l 'ili l.uii:‘.ti:i;.'.c . has
announced ’lliv tlt'.itlllllt' [or will),
mi- ion of :i jilll'illliill‘» 1:. Monla‘.
()i'llilit‘l' lo

.“iiittlciilri who .llt‘ illicit' li'tl .ll'l'
ictptcslcd to contact In Show 111
lnapcr ‘lilii nnmcdiatz-h ’\tlllllliill.il
Illliiilliillllill Iilltt‘l‘lllll” the l“ul
lill"l|l Hi‘lioliii li.j" \\il pliblialii-tl lll
last wucl-L': Slitc ('ollege Ni'us.

 

OTTll ll. MENDE

'l'lll‘l t‘( il .l dd 11‘) .ll'IWl'llil'Ilt

Itiii ('enlrttl Ave.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 

FRIDAY.

OCTOBER 5. 1951

Student Organizations Elect Representatives
lo Formulate Regulations For College Union

 

The members of Student Union Board pictured above are left to right: .loan I)e Vinny '53, member of
Music (‘otint-il; Patrick (‘arlo '53. member of Commerce (‘lubz Mary Borys Marks '52. member of Myskania;
Mrs. Eleanor Hathaway, Advisor; Grace. Smith '52. Editor of State (‘ollege News; Andrtw Sim ‘54, President
of (‘iiristian Science. Organization; James (‘oles ‘52. Vice-President of Pi Omega I'i; Joseph Lombardi ‘53,
(‘hairman of inter-Group Council; and Aliki Apostolidcs ‘53. (‘lass Representative of WAA.

Information concerning the or-
ganization of the Student Union

Mrs. Hathaway's office.

The

Student

Union.
his group
Pcciie '52

Student.

I‘Li .vard
by

the

Union Committee
(yommlllpp “Hg ppm, “qmsm m- will be it policy-making board and
M” MPH“, WI IIHWHWW‘ mm“),- it will organize the activities of the
of the committee and Director of Sl‘l‘l‘ml
Brubacher Hall. The first meeting "lWlWl
was held ’l‘hiirsday, October 4 in (‘Ii‘l'l’l
appointed

Each member
organization

 

CSC To Give

Service Exams

’I‘lie Civtl Service Commission has

made it known that. two It‘edcral l”

civil service (summations designed

tin» lhn'd weck of October. ltlxam-
nialions will be given for positions
of .iimioi' Management
and Junior Professional Assistant.

lit-arses
lir. Charles F

The .lltiiltii' lylanagcniciit Assistant

tsaminiuion will be open to stil— Music
l.i

dent~ with Iiaining or experience in
llit‘ social sciciti cs, business. or pill)-
lc adinimsti-niion who show leader-
:~l.i|i and inacagcment ability. The
txnmmiuion :or .liiiiior Professional
..‘.‘:l.‘~lillllh will be open to students

litillllt"~. l.'.cog'aphy. itcopiiysics, so- tcm.
Knit

chit \t'lt‘ilt’t', :nti ulnlistitw. Pci'soir.
who wish to (it so may apply for
litilll t'\.iiiiiili'.iioiis

/\|i|illt'tilii:. Iiii boili ('Xllliillitilliiir.
lllllrnl puss ti \l'llllt'l‘ ic..l, iii llll(ll-
tioii lo inning had college training
ill the :ipiopi'tatc Ill'ltl o1 woik. Stu
ilt‘lil‘. who plan to complete woik
on their baclnlor‘s or master's dc—
gii-i- by .Ill.|" ilti, 11MB may apply
for thc t‘.\.;|lll:ll:tllllll.‘»

lilll‘lAKI'AS’l‘
.illliNHill'I‘

 

Newton

1i.lil.
ltt'

iit‘t'lli'
Moldova at

certain
"fill,

clcclctl

Music Council
Lists Openings

Opportunities for those who wish
music department
classes still exist. announces Marion
President
’1’" "Ill-‘l‘lll‘lmh' ""1194" “1"” “'“l (‘titlil(‘il. Milclicll Iiurkowsky '52 has
women will be aniiotiiiced during licen Minic Council
fill the placi‘ vacated by Joan '
fun
_ There are .illl openings for cello.
“SI-“I‘ll” inns. snare (horns, and French horn
players in the orchestra which re-

'l‘ucsdays at

who

iwo opcrcilas
ily Jury" by (illlit'l‘l and Sullivan is
1“ llli‘ “Pill-b "1 lillf'li’l'lftlltiii'. l‘l'it' u lukcvoll on file lil'lllfll ('tilll'l sys—
ihc Valley"
Well is an American folk op—
cin 'l'ry-otits for the ll‘ilfl |i1il'lf~ will
sometime in Noyeiiibcr.
1 ill: |iiil.

"liown in

iii-cil

Stokes, Professor of
will supply the instruments
lllt'lil.

(ipei'ella

of

still
available; the class is scheduled for
Mondays from 3:30 p.m. to inﬁll) p.m.
lt‘l'oali are lll\llt‘(l lo try-out at -l:thi
()l'll‘lllilllOll.
this year;

There

 

7117 Western Ave.

Gerald Drug Co.

Sidney lt‘climaii, l’l1.(i.

I'hoiie tl—illilti

Albany. N.

and who will act as temporary
(.halrman of the board.

ltlach of the nine departments is
the composite of activity groups in
>cliool. Committee heads are. iii-
cluded in the listing of the coin-
inittces. (toyeriiinental Group, rep-
resented by Mary Marks '52 includes
Student. Council and Myskiinla;
Cultural (irolip. headed by Joan De
Vinny '53 includes D&A. Mtislc
Council, Debate Couiicll, Radio
Council. and Forum:
(iroup. repriseiitcd by Grace Smith
‘52 inchiz‘e. News, I’edag‘ogue, Press
llui'eiiu Primer, and Directory; De-
paitmental (iroup. headed by Pat-
rick Carlo ‘iiii includes French.
Spanish. Mathematics, Science,
Commerce, and Classical; Religious
(ilotlti. headed by Andrew Sim '54
includes Newman. SCA. I-Illlel.
{‘h‘irtian Science. IVCIt‘. and IZP‘A'.
('omniumly (lroup. headed by Jo-
rt-ph Lombardi '53 includes TGC.
SMllJ'IS. and Commuters; i’tecrcii—
tional (irollp, headed by Aliki ApOs-
folides '53 includes WAA and MAA;
honorary (ir nip. headed by James
(‘owlm ‘52 includes Signum liaudls.
f’l (itlllllliil Mti. Kiippii Plil Kappa,
and Pi ()megii Pi.

 

lil'IAHONAIHJ'Z
Ill? (‘I‘IN'I‘IIAL AVIC.

CAFETERIA

IHNNI'EIT
HN.\('I(H

l'IlH‘I‘IH

l.|'.'\'('lll'1h‘

.. l )0” '/ grim/1. (for! '/ gripe,
Dru/'1 (Mi/Ac. r/ml'l Iril/

ONE MONTH $4

 

 

 

Publications.

ll’Tit'iii'iw yu/r Iii/re (cart to (/0
zlm/ H'iH/l lo maﬁa rm "/1 "

 (fir/l rig/.2! up and Rt‘HI-rI-Rtiyrlf.
url moon orrrcu rvnwniuns ON usv Hams

H3415 ciini'i-zi. S’I'Itl'II'L'I‘ 14;”qule 1.; H375

 

PAGE 3

State Sororities,
Fraternities Slate

Social Activities

Open Houses, Smoker
Will Highlight Events

State's seven sororities and three
of its fraternities have released
their schedules for the coming week.
Date parties. open houses and in-
itiations are included in their pro-
grams.

Among the sororities holding open
houses this weekend are Kappa Del-
ta, Psi Gamma and Beta Zeta. E1-
izabeth Plait '53 who is General
Chairman of the Kappa Delta Open
House, has announced that it will be
held Sunday from 3 pm. to 6 pm.
The remaining two sororities, Beta.
Zeta and Psi Gamma, have sched-
uled their open houses for States-
men tonight from 8 pm. to 12 mid-
night, according to their respective
Presidents. Evelyn Kamke and Aim
Sullivan, Seniors. Madeleine Payne
’54. General Chairman of the Beta
Zeta Open House, has stated that
the theme will be “Come on 21 our
house."

To Celebrate Founder’s Day

Jacqueline Coplon '54, President
of Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority has
announced that the group will cele—
brate Founder‘s Day Thursday. A
reception under the direction of
Pearl Mintzer ‘53 will be held for
Mrs. Irma i.cod Cohen. National
President of the Sorority. Mrs Ed—
gar Fisher. National Province Di-
rector aiid the alumni from the
Capital district will also attend the
reception.

Gamma Kappa Phi will hold a
date party tonight from if pin. to
12 midnight. Elizabeth Loughlin
'52 is in charge of all arrangements.
Chi Sigma Theta llolds Initiation

Formal initiation was held for
three Sophomores by Chi Sigma
Theta Monday. October 1, accord-
ing to Florence Kloscr '52, President.
The new members include Mary
Aim Cossaboon. Nancy Saiignllne
and Eileen Snyder.

Yole Releases Officers

Thomas Yolc '52. President, of
Potter Cltib. has released the names
of' the new officers for the coming
year. Donald Sonbt-rg will fulfill the
office of President. of the House
’I'hoiiiiis Beneinill Till, Vice Pi't’si-
dent; Edward Donahue '53, 'l‘i't':l:~
urer. and ltober. .lacoby '54, House
Manager.

Kappa lit-ta Sponsors Picnic

A reunion piciilc will be held by
Kappa lleta. according to fraternity
president, .lorcph Friedman ‘51.
Members and their dates should
gather iii the house at 10 um. to
travel to 'l‘hatthcr Park.

Frills to Hold Smoker
lntcr—friuei'lilly Council is hold—

ing its animal smoker ’l‘uesdiiy for

all i'i'osh tiliti transfers. Joseph

i“1'lt'(lliltill. l’rtsidcnt. of the Cotiiicll
has announced iliiil all men are iii-
vited.

     
 

or /l('()

THREE MONTHS ‘9

Free Delivery, Pick/4]) In“, Service

~.——..—._—.——.————-

 

 

 

