 

 

' no“

Cup Presentation Sororities Plan
Will End Rivalry Parties, Picnic

(OOIWMMI, Column 8) IConttnuedIromPaoe 1, Column M
Norton '51, Grand Marshal,  dl- odore Estua’ Ronald Ferguson. A]-
re“ the classes 1“ “Wing‘upi and fred Hotainger. John Hanevy, Ron-
Mary Marks '52, 5°mleaderi Wm aid Kanen, Konrad Maier, Fredrick
lead the Singing °f "Where 0 Ram). Ronald Reuse, Robert Rus-
Where' and "Arm 1“ Arm" sell, George Schaffer, Kenneth
With the completion of moving- Schoonmaker' Duane Shuswr' Am.
"I" MYSkam“ members Wm tap the old Smith, Robert Storm, and Rich-
new membiers. Tlie new pffilcers lot 3rd 5183,“, freshmen.
the follow ng ex ra-curr cu ar 0 « members received mm
ganizations will be listed: State 001- E£:rd“§‘l‘gred Potter Club, mom
'°‘° NW" Drawn“ and Arts ing to Paul Carter '51, President, in-
oouncu’ Musm councu’ Pedume' clude: George Schaertle ’52, Glenn
Campus commission, Press Bureau. meme], Ralph Jame, Gary La
Debate coumn’ mmer’ MAA' Grange, and Claude Palczak, Sopho-
WAA’ Inter-group councu' smiles' mores. Freshmen received into mem-
Radm “um” and “mm bership were: Phillip Billings, James
The mice“ °f Student Assmla' Bliss John Centra, John Eldridge,
tion will be listed: President, Vice- Jamés Fume“, Alan Hanson. Lynn
Presment' secretary and Class Of- Lewis, Francis Rogers, Roger Ryan,

The annual softball game between
the Statesman and the children at
the Albany Home is scheduled for
Sunday, according to Edward Leigh
’52, President of Smiles. The event
will begin at 1:30 pm. at the Al-
bany Home for Children on New
Scotland Avenue.

All men who are interested in
playing softball, contact Mitchell
Burkowsky ’52 by 1:30 pm. today.
Students are urged by Leigh to par-
ticipate in this event and the re-
maining activities of Smiles this
year. Activities are open to all stu-
dents.

l'l’ATI COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1031

SMILES Schedules
Ball Game Sunday

So yles Breakfast

To Honor Seniors

The annual Sayles Hall May
Breakfast has been scheduled for
9 a. m. Sunday, according to Anne
Braasch ’51. President. The Break-

--fast, arranged by Mrs. Ethel Mc-

Laughlin, Social Director. is held in
honor of the Sayles Hall Seniors.

Miss Braasch will give a speech on
behalf of the Seniors, while Mar-
garet Smythe '52, will offer a speech
to the Seniors from the underclass-
men. The chairman of the affair is
Joan Gates ’51. Ellen C. stokes.
Dean of Women, and several col-
lege faculty members have been in-
vited to attend.

 

«Lu—n

Newmanites Will Install
New Officers Thursday

Newman Club will hold its seventh
lecture of the semester Thursday
evening, according to Gerald Bro-
phy ’51, President. There will be a
benediction of the mast Blessed
Sacrament before the lecture com-
mences.

An important business meeting
will follow the lecture. states Bro-
phy. Plans will be discussed con-
ccrning the annual Newman Club
Pilgrimage, and the officers for the
following year will officially be in-
stalled. Brophy invites all students
to attend the meeting.

 

ficers.

The recessionai, forming of num-
erals, ivy speech, and the national
anthem will finish the morning
events.

A coker will be held from 2 p. m.
to 5 p. m. in the Commnos. General
Chairman is Victoria Baldino '52.

Evening events will begin at '7
p. m. with the skits in Page Hall.

The class sings, in front of Draper,
will be followed by the rivalry cup

presentation. The Seniors singing
“Great Fires” will end the program

 

“A Clean Place To Eat”

Waldorf Cafeteria

167 Central Ave.

OPEN DAY AND NIGH’."

Kenneth Stevenson, George Wood
and John Young.

The Alpha Epsilon Pledge Party
will take place Sunday at 3 p. m.,
including skit and buffet luncheon.

Kappa Delta has scheduled an
open house for Sunday from 2:30 to
5:30 pm. Evelyn Swanson ’52, is
General Chairman of the affair.

Psi Gamma has planned a faculty
picnic under the chairmanship of
Barbara Joyce ’52. It will take place
at the house from 3 to 5 pm.

 

 

Trader Training Inalirule Canteen
Trader Training Institute
Prairie. Mississippi

been

"COM

5¢

ln Prairie, Mississippi, the Trades
Training institute (Iiiiitcon is a
favorite student gathering spot. it!
the Contecn—Cocu-Colu is the
favorite drink. Willi the college
crowd ut the Trades Training lusti-
tute, as with every crowd—~Cokc

belongs.

rle for if either way . . . bot/i
lmdd—mnrkr mean {lie mm:- tiring.

serum were AUIMORITY or me COCA-COLA comm" BY
- ALBANY COCA.COLA BOTTLING 00.

© l95l. Ilia Coco-Cola Company

Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests

Number 20mm: BALTIMORE ORIOLE

“I don’t
go for a. Wild
pitch!”

C)” Clean-up mun on the buscbull ninc, this sluggci'
doesn’t like to I‘CllCll for ’cm . . . wants it right chr the plate.
And that’s the way he likes his proof of cigarette iiiililncssl No ruzzlc-
drizzle “quick-pull” tests for him. No onc-whiil, onc-puil experiments.
There’s one test, he’s discovcrcll, thrills rig/ll (lou'n the alley!
it’s the lost that proves what cigiircltu m ililncss rcully mciins.
Ti‘ll'i SitNSllilolli'l‘i‘lS'l‘ . . . ilic Jill-Duy (iumcl Mililncss'l'cst,
which simply asks you to try Cumcls us :1 Slt'tltly smoke——
on u l)llCl(-llilcl“[)tl(‘.l(, iluy-uftcr-diiy basis.
After you’ve enjoyed (itllllf'iS—illltl only (liniicls—loi'
30(12in in your “'l‘-7.ouc" i'l‘ ior 'l‘hi'oiil,

'l‘ for 'l‘ustc), wc liclicvc you’ll Imam why . . .

More People Smoke Camels
than any other cigarette!

 

 

02—17::

l
l
l
l

QC

CRO’xCE wnum‘r

 

ITATI COLLIOI ram. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1031

PA“ l

 

 

ﬂu! 601440“:

By PAUL BUCHMAN

Last column I’m glad
you’ve tolerated me . . . very lit-
tle else you could do, of course.

Note the Kentucky Derby con-
test two columns over. It’s no
gag. Win yourself a carton of ci-
garettes . . . Fill out the coupon,
put it in the News mailbox.
shouldn’t be too hard to pick the
first three horses in the Derby . . .
providing you’re not sane. If you
could do it and were sane, you
wouldn’t be here. You’d be at
Churchill Downs.

a in s >i<

The continuing forfeits in the
Volleyball League are certainly
making me look silly. No gripes
here about how the league is
run. Frank Fay is doing a good
job. However, consistent support
of the Softball, Basketball, and
Touch Football Leagues indicate
that it is not the Intramural pro—
gram that is at fault, but the
sport itself. The three mentioned
just above are the three great
American sports (Excepting golf
and bowling, which are great par-
ticipant, but not spectator sports).
So obviously the game of Volley-
ball (loes not have the intrinsic
drawing power and interest that
the others do. Interest could be
stimulated, of course, by teaching
the men more about the game,
but then the debate will be: is
it worth it? This column believes
it is, since a person never knows
too much about 21 game and
never knows too many games.

a: r >i- =l=

The [M program next your
looks to be in for u bad time,
since there probably won‘t be too
many men here. i hope this
doesn‘t lead to another Big-10
type of thing, which has dissi-
pated into our horribly usclcss
Big—4.

if Clem can dig up ll couple
more freshmen next _\'(‘ill‘ likc
those that Clilllt’ with '54, our
Varsity Basketball lCiilll ought to
bc loaded next winter.

Best of luck to my successor

. Maintain thc pligc as it dy-
namic force in our school's lllll-
lctic thinking.

a, 7/... ram

By FULLER & COYKENI)ALL

 

 

Lotta Tender Tidbits rolling off
the L. C. Smith toduy. From the files
comes the latcst.

Elections wore held Thursday and
Friday of last week. It was surpris-
ing; the number of eligible voter.c
that didn't cxcrcisg their powci' or.
rhoulrl we say. responsibility. Elcct
thc onc's you wish to loud you!!
Don't let. u small numbcr of pcoplc
tcll YOU what to do---YOU dccidc,
YOU nominate and YOU elcct. . . .

Fini to it fabulous season .
Modern Duncch liiivc plit away
their lcotiirds for softball uniforms.

To adjust to thc systcm uiidcr thc
new constitution. Council has clcct-
cd some of its '51 full ciiptuins. Slut-
(‘ll for Hockcy Camp and lo iciid
thc first iiiujor sport of thc scuson
iii'c Lyn Burkc ‘53, and Putty Zylko
’54. ’l‘hc pop rollics iiiid clicci'iiig‘
traction of tlic varsity giimcs ncxt
your Will Do under the sparkling
Iciuicrsliip of Ruth Dunn '53, its
miiiiiigcr.

And instead of (‘lnncy lowering
the boom it will be l“l‘l|l| Ciliborti
and Burt) Wolshliigcl, freshmen,
checking tlic pistols iii ltiflc (‘lub.
Also, soccer ciiptatiiis for next fall
will lN' Blizzlc llurkc and Kuy
Olicrnt, froshiiicn. A note to oil soc-
ci‘r iuid lltN'kt'V cntliusiiists . . . Good
iii-ws _ . . (‘ouncil liits rcconimcndml
iliut tiiiic for both sports be divided
rqiiiil'y . . . 'I‘iicn tlic competition
won’t iic its Iii-en.

The 19th of May is the Annual
“Spring Spree.”

Finks Face Rams On Page Field This Afternoon,-
Allasio Defeats Corsi in KDR-SLS Pitching Duel

 

WAA Will Inaugurate
Group House Tennis

An old athletic event is being re-
vived after four years of dormancy.
Mildred Raba has announced that
once again the women's group
houses, represented by a single dou-
bles team each, will play-off for the
women‘s tennis cup.

Group houses are urged to get
their entries in early. so that the
tournament schedules can be ar-
ranged. Play-of‘fs will be held in
Washington Park.

Raba is also shaping up a women's
varsity tennis program. At the pres-
ent time intercollegiate games are
being arranged. Women interested
should contact either of the tennis
captains.

Other phases of the WAA spring
sports program are well under way.
Archery is meeting every Tuesday
and Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30
p.m. on Dorm Field. Riding can be
arranged at Sander's Field through
either Hanson or Leonard. A hiking
program is being scheduled with the
RBI Hiking Club.

Two sports. volleyball and bad-
minton. are being held in coopera-
tion with the MAA. Volleyball will
be held Saturday mornings on Dorm
Field rand badminton in Page Gym
on Tuesday and Wednesday even—
ings starting at 7 p. m.

Varsity Nine

 

were The 'Hosses'
in Derby Contest

The Nch will award a carton of
Chesterfield cigarettes to the person
who can come closest to picking the
correct order of finish in the Ken-
tucky Derby.

Fill in the following coupon with
your prediction of the outcome. All
entries must be in the mailbox of
the News in lower Draper by 4:30
this afternoon.

Win ...................................................... ..
I

Place

I Show .................................................... .. l

Your Name and Class |

Today, at 4:30 p. m. on Page Field, last year's softball champions the
Ethics, taketpn a {eigrgant Rams outfit. Although beaten by a pOWerful
aver con ngen , 8 mm scored an im ressive and e
the Kadavers in their last outing, Tuesday? xcmng wm over
The highlighting inning in the free-scoring game was the sixth when
the Rains, sparked by Frank Iole's grandslammer, pushed across five big
runs to knot the count at ten all. In the next frame, Bob Babcock sen-
st ional outfielder of the Rams, scored the winning run after twri men

were out.

 

Sophomores Sweep

Rivalry Contests

The Red Devils of '53 swept
the Rivalry doubleheader in a
very unique fashion. The twin-
bili lasted for three days! The
Soph women won a thriller in
their five inning opener 16-15.
A six run rally by the Blue Jay
gals fell short as the last out
was recorded with the sacks full.
Betty Plait and Kay Sinclair
led the '53 girls to their victory
while Ann Caparis collected five
bingles for the Blue Belles.

The second game between the
men was played in intermittent
showers and was finally called
at he end of five and a half
sanzus with the Redmen leading
10-1. This freak game was con-
cluded Tuesday afternoon with
the score remaining the same.
Carm Corsi’s pitching and the
hitting of Carlo and Telfer led
the ’53 victory.

 

"rFénibIes AB'C;

To Play Danbury In MUD Game

Seeking to pull their won-lost
mark above the .500 level, State’s
Varsity Baseball team will tangle
with Danbury State Teachers Col-
lege on the Blveecker diamond at 2:30
pm. tomorrow. Oddly enough, this
cont-est will conflict with none of
thc Moving-Up Day events, so a
good crowd should be on hand.
Coach Merlin Hathaway will prob-
ably give the nod to “Red” McCor-
mack, who is still seeking his initial
victory of the season.

On Wednesday at Ridgefield in
Albany, the Feds. behind “Ole Hoss"
Eucrt annexed their first triumph
of they ear, trampling ABC, 7-2. In
a seven illlllllg marathon that last—

 

 

 

ed almost three hours. the States—
men came up with sparkling plays
one minute and bonehead base run-
ning the next. giving all the specta-
tors a series of thrills in what other-
wise would have been a dull contest.

The only constant factor in the
game was Egert‘s hurling, which
was superb throughout. and was
never in serious trouble. This fine
showing should be an answer to one
of Coach Hathaway's prayers, as
he is still in the quest of capable
starters on his pitching staff.
swer to one of Coach Hathaway's
MacDonald Returns to Lineup

Also on the bright side of the led—

Forfeils Hurl Volleyball League,
One Of Four Games Are Played

Duc to several reasons, the volley-
ball league has sort of been forgot—
icn by most of the men in the col-
lcgc. Gciierul Manager Frank Fiiy
i‘cpoi'ts that only one out of four
gumcs scheduled for last week were
played. SLS beat the Rouscrs in two
straight, 15-5, 15-7. In the other
three games scheduled. the Mob for-
fciicd to Potter, Thurlow forfeited
to KB and the Things forfeited to

- thc Liikcrs. Iiicidenlly, the Mob bc—

('lllllt.‘ thc second tcum in the league
to be thrown out as u result of two
forfeits. The Angels have also bccn
cliiiiinntcd via this route.

Any teams that definitely know
that they will not be able to field a
team for coming games iire request-
cd to lrt lv‘ruiik li‘uy know so that he
can rczirruiig‘o the schedule. Despite
tiic fact that four days were lost to
the [rogue because of Milne, All—
Slzitc night and preparation of the
gym for Senior tcsts, the schedule
as It now stands will be completed
on May 17. This, providing there are
no more forfeits.

Includcd in the playoffs will be
tiic top two looms lll ouch of thc
flirt-c lciigucs. They will pluy it two
out of llll‘i't‘ giuiic match for thc
Hllppit‘lllt‘llllll')‘ playoffs. The final
pliiyol’f bciwccii thc two rcmuiiiln':
trains will be it ihi'cc out of five
giiiiic mulch.

For additional information, con—
tact Frank Fay.

 

BZ Romps 18-0,- Psi Gain
Tops Phi Delt, 28-27

'l‘wo out of the four scheduled
gumis were played in the girls' in-
tramural softball loops during the
past week.

Saturday at the Dorm Field, the
girls of Psi Gamma took an excit-
lllg‘ and close game from the Phi
Dcltiis by u score of 28 to 27. The
scoring began and continued in ii
soc-saw manner until the fifth in-
iiiii; when Bclva McLuurcn came in
to chalk up the winning run. Al-
though thc Gaiiimus committed
more errors than the Deltas, thcy
wcrc led to their victory by Muriel
Woodman who pitched ii wulklcss
game. The losing pitcher for the Phi
Dcltus was Patty Zylko.

In the other game that was to
have been played Saturday, Chi Sig-
iiiit Theta forfeited to Gamma Kap-
pa PM.

Tuesday night. the girls of Kuppu
Delta won by ii forfeit from New
mun Hull. In the second game of
thc cvcning, Betti Zeta won it one-
sidcd contest from Phi Delta to the
tune of ill to 0 after two and a half
innings of play. Evie Knmkc was the
winning pitcher for the Maroon and
Buy while Phi Delta used two girls.
Liiidu Hopkins and Patty Zylko, on
the mound.

ger was the return of Don Mac—
Donald to the State lineup. The
classy center fielder was sidelined
in the beginning of the season due
to a back injury. and was feared
lost for the year. but has responded
favorably to medical treatment, and
should be a tremendous asset to the
team.

Joe Stella continued his sparkling
play at third, and a fine game was
played by Fran Rodgers, the dimin-
utive first sacker. Old stand-bys like
Carter. Johnson and Kaehn turned
in their usual fine work. As a mat-
ter of fact, the team’s defensive
ability has been exceptionally good,
and the hitting has been passable.
The base-runnig has already cost
one game, and forfeited scoring
chances in another. If the coach
can iron out these minor details,
he can probably look forward to a
winning season.

The Finks, not to be outdone, also
won their game Tuesday, downing
Thurlow behind the fine pitching of
Pat Dooley. The Finks were never in
trouble and showed that onCe again
they are definite contenders for the
league cup.

Probably the most exciting and
best-played game of the season took
place Monday night when KDR
hooked up with SLS. The opposing
pitchers were Carmen Coral and
John Allasio, who, only the Satur-
day before, had opposed each other
in the rivalry games.

KDR pushed across Six quick runs
in the opening frame before Corsi
was able to settle down. The big
blast in this rally was Brophy’s
buses-loaded double. Allasio looked
as though he was well on his way
to a no-run, no-hit game when, in
the fourth inning, George Dicks,
"well-known" captain of SLS, ram-
med a scratch single back through
the box for his team's first hit of
the game.

In the sixth. KDR. added its final
tally when “F'lash” Fox stole second,
on a wild throw went to third, and
on an overthrow into the crowd,
trotted home. Then in the final
frame, SLS. on two solid hits by Pet-
rule and Levaniss, put across their
lone tally. The game ended in an
exmting play at home plate in which
Umpire Walt Goodall ruled Gordy
Bennett out.

On Monday, Potter Club ramped
to a 22-4 victory over the Leftovers.
Although everyone in the Potter
line-up contributed to the scoring,
the outstanding hitting of Jacoby
and Warden and the fine pitching
of Pete Telfer cannot be overlooked.
The other game of the evening saw
the Biscuits down the Commuters
behind the fine pitching of Ted
Baer. Leading the hitting attack for
the Biscuits was “Mil” Krchniak
and John Paul Ward.

Finally, on Wednesday night, SLS
broke into the win column as Corsi
chucked a fine one hit shut-out
ovcr KB. Leading the Lambda men
at the plate were Roulier and Carr.
who both contributed round-trippers
to the SL8 attack. The other game
of the evening saw the Biscuits down
the Jerks with Art Weigand doing
his one man vaudeville act on the
mound.

Therefore, the leaders of the
three leagues are the Beavers, Pot-
ter Club and the Biscuits, all with
records of two wins and no losses.
The Beavers. last Thursday, down-
ed the Angels 7-5. with Dave Clark
registering his second win of the
season.

 

EDUCATIONAL

que or in Strasbourg and g‘othic.

citing and enjoyable.
The leader with experience in

the tourist are pointed out and in

his particular profession.

 

One of the most ordinary sights of Euro e, es eci ' -
mcr, is the American tourist. traveling in gmallgr oii'niaiigldingrgldxgs
looking in every possible direction and listening with awe to the Euro—I
pean guides. European countries are accustomed to the tourist trade
their guides are well trained and the facts they give are usually occur:
ate. Still, on the voyage home one can hear conversations and disputes
as to whether the particular sculpture was in France and was romans-

The reason for this mix—up of comparisons, in s i ' ‘
and chaotic. memories, is the lack of continuity in Emiinylioiii'goiliigtdgli
Europe “on your own." Each country is explained by a different per-
son, m terms and with a desire, to give the best impression of the de-
scribed subject without nny attempt at comparison with simiiiar ob-
jects in other countries or even other cities of the same country

There have been objections raised against some of the conducted
study tours. The most usual complaint is that many of them try to
cover too much in too short ti time. Quite often it is the fault of the
guide who may not be fully qualified to conduct an educational tour
In spite of those who object, there are. indeed, many more Americans
who believe that study tours. under the proper guidance of faculty
members of American universities and colleges, can be both enlight-

eupervise a tour mid connect the cultural and historical :-

ll country and its people so thiit u clear and lasting pictiiiigliglgliildg iii
the traveler's mind. Under such leadership. the tourist feels perfectly
at ease to ask questions for he kiiOWs that the person in charge is
there solely to help him see and study Europe. The special interests of

tion. Whether he is ii painter. musician, writer, etc.. he returns home
with ii store of knowledge and the confidence necessary to succeed in

Experience with study tours led by Alliel'lCilll colle

_ _ , . ge teachers h ‘
shown that they are definitely ii most satisfactory way in which if;
combine learning With plcnsurcmyou will really see and study Europel

SIGHT-SEEING

the field of education is able to

other ways brought to his atten-

American Education Abroad, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

