 

  

PAOI O

 

STATE COLLEGE NIWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 20. IDS!

Frosh Orchestra. Greeks Pledge Business Students

To Accompany
Songs, Dances

(Continued from Page 5. Column 5/

GwenPreston, Patricia Byine, Bar-
bara Sica, Martha Saltzmar. Fran-
ces Glliberti, Madelyn Payne, Shir-
ley Callahan. and June Harrington.

The men in the dance and na-
tive chorus are: Donald Duclos. Al-
fred Short, Stuart Macnofsky, John
Allasio, Roger Ryan, Kenneth Ste-
venson, Donald Voeliinger, Donald
Barrett, Paul Wenderlich, William
Staats, Stanley Howlett, and Rich-
ard Shands. The co-directors of the
dance chorus are Arthur Stone and
Marlon Schock

Committee chairmen are as fol-
lows: Co-ordinator, Patricia Dean;
Sets, Dolores Donnelly; Publicity,
Ralph Adams; Lights, Paul Saim-
ond; Make-up, Esta Eckstein; Cos-
tumes, Mary Ann Reiling; House.
Marie Mortelliti; Props, Rose Mary
Bradt; and Business, Gloria Vuolo.

An orchestra organized particu-
larly for this performance will pro-
vide the music. Brown will direct
the orchestra.

ARA EGHIGIAN
PARK COLLEGE.
'Sl

MIIDNESS

: II
a o uurmsnur mm

 

New Members

(Continued from Pages, Column 5)

freshments, Joan Foucault '51 and
Joan Tantum ’52; Pre-Clean-up,
Marion Gorski and Post Clean-up,
Lois Twiss, Juniors; and Reception,
Miss Baringer.

Kappa Delta Rho initiation week
end, under the direction of Harvey
Robinson ’52, will be held today
through Sunday, according to Wil-
liam Dunn ’51, President. Plans
for the week and include informal
initiation. attendance at church
services, and formal initiation.

Informal initiation wil be held at
the house tonght at 8:30 pm. Kap-
pa Delta Rho members and pledges
will attend church services Sunday
at the churches of their respective
faiths. Formal initiation, at the
house at 3 pm. Sunday, will be fol-
lowed by a luncheon.

Pledges of Kappa Beta fraternity
will hold a party for the members
tonight at 9 pm. according to Jo-
seph Friedman '51, President. Ri-
chard Selgel ‘54 is General Chair-
man of the affair and John Harvey
'54 is head of arrangements.

Slate Conference

(Continued from Page 1, Column n
tion for the 1950 Education of Eval-
uation Criteria.

John E. Whitcraft, Supervisor of
Business Education of the State Ed-
ucation Department, founded and
was head of the Department of Bus-
iness and Secretarial Studies at Al-
fred University. Mr. Whitcraft su-
pervised writing of the new “Office
Practice Syllabus.” Mr. Whitcraft
was a member of the committee
working on the New York City Sur-
vey for Vocational High School.

Mary Conneliy is an Associate
Professor of Business Education at
Boston University. Dr. Donald Mul-
Kerne is Supervisor of Commerce
in the Milne School. Dr. Evan R.
Collins, President of the College.
will give the welcoming address at
10:30 am.

The committees for the confer-
ence are: Exhibits, Patrick Carlo
and Douglas Adamson, Sophomores;
Publicity, Barbara Benson ’51 and
Victoria Eade '52; Luncheon, Elea-
nor Gessinger; Programs, Sue Gallo
and Arrangements, Martha Downey,
Seniors.

M yslrania Revises
Major-Minor Plan

The Major-Minor Office classifi-
cation plan has been altered from
that published in the Freshman
Handbook. according to Gerald
Dunn ’51, Myskania member. The
revised list appears on the Student
Association Bulletin Board in Hus-
ted Hall.

A student may hold one major
or two minor offices under the new
plan. Anyone who has been nomina-
ted for more than one office under
the Major-Minor plan is to drop a
note in the Myskania mailbox in
lower Draper concerning his pre-
ference by Thursday.

All organizations having offices
listed under the Major-Minor clas-
sification are to hold elections and
release the results to Myskania by
Monday.

Math Club To Convene
For Lecture, Nominations

There will be a meeting of the
Mathematics Club Tuesday at 7:30
pm. in Room 150, according to Dan—
iel Tauroney '51, President. Sandra
Heslin, Grad. will speak on “Ma-
gic Squares," and nominations will
be held for next year’s officers.

lIKE THOUSANDS OF AMERICA’S STUDENTS—
MAKE THIS MILDNESS TEST YOURSELF AND GET

WHAT EVERY SMOKER WANTS

  
 
   

OVER 1500 PROMINENT

TOBACCO GROWERS SAY:

"When I apply the standard tobacco growers' test
to cigarettes I find Chesterfield is the one that
smells milder and smokes milder.”

A WELL-KNOWN INDUSTRIAL
RESEARCH ORGANIZATION REPORTS:

"Chesterfield is the only cigarette in which members

of our taste panel found no unpleasant offer-taste.“

JASTE adii
_ W

    

Election Commission

Names Replacements

Wednesday night Student Council
approved the appointment of three
new members to Election Commis-
sion to fill the vacancies caused by
resignations, according to Stuart
Gates ’51, Chairman of the Com-
mission. In assembly today Elec-
tion Commission will introduce
candidates for all student Associa-
tion offices and Myskania, and will
supervise the speeches of Presi-
dential candidates and their cam-
paign managers. The Commission
will also supervise the speeches of
class presidential nominees. Gates
announced.

To fill vacancies brought about
by the resignation of William Wiley,
Joan Haggerty, and Robert Hau-
sner, Juniors, in order that they
might run for another office, Charles
Hubbard, Royann Salm, and Al-
fred Kaehn, Seniors, were appoint-
ed to Election Commission. They will
serve until Moving-Up-Day, short-
ly after which a new commission
will be selected.

All the classes will hold meetings
Thursday noon at which time can-
didates for class offices will be in-
troduced and presidential candidates
will give speeches of a two-minute
duration.

 

DICK LEVIN
VIRGINIA

'53

 

    

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

 

  
  

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 
 
  
 
  

 
 
 

   

 
  
  

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 27. 1951

eni Association Students To Vote

2-444

State's Sororities, Presidential Candidates For Stud

Fraternities Slate

Weekend Plans

Events scheduled for the weekend
by sororities and fraternities include
the Edward Eldred Potter Club for:
mal. Kappa Beta Party and a Psi
Gamma Open House. Kathryn
Loucks '51, President of Beta Zeta.
has announced the formal initiation
of their pledges. I

Tonight the Aurania club Will be
the scene of the Potter Club for-
mal. James Warden ‘51, is General
Chairman of the affair, which Will
be held from 9 p. m. to l a. in. Harry
Vincent, his trumpet and his orches-
tra will provide the music for the
event.

Name Committee Heads for Formal

Assisting the General Chairman
are the following committee heads:
Decorations, Fred Knoerzer '51; Pro-
grams, Edward Bonahue; Favors.
Richard Jacobson, Sophomores; In—
vitations, Francis Ioele '52; and
Flowers. Joseph Purdy '51. Two

'~ hours have been granted to _.'__.________
(ii/31131:: attending the formal. To me, bemg a candidate for the

Kappa Beta Plans Party office of Student Association Presi-
Tomorrow night, from 8:30 p. m. dent is not an honor. but rather. it
to 12 midnight, Kappa Bctzcil figtcr— is a Challenge m prove worthy of
  (ﬂips, the votes and support of the student
Friedman '5i, President. Herman body.
Smith  is General Chairman of I do not stand on any ..10_p0.1m,.
gifriifiziii'smtes Open House Pmrm'mv but I do propose the fol-
According to an announccmont lowing projects for the coming .l'f’ill‘I
made by [ignore C91‘C3‘1'38 (1) A thorough investigation of
ludielllnbgllfehlldeflciimSLiatcsmiin tonight "Slate-Financed Athletics“ and/or
from 8:30 p. m. to 12 midnight. Bar- a separate MAA Student Acllvily
bara Joyc-c '52. is General Chairman cal-(L
or me acuvny' Irch BrezmSk‘V 53' 12) A roleasc from hibernation of

as recently )ICCIQCd to the sorority. ‘ I I
“ As the rcsrilt 0f formal initiation Student Facilities Board, an organ-

last Monday evening. 53X Womml izalion with $30,000 with which to
have become 1110mm?” 01 El“? ,Zl’m furnish the now Student Union.
sorority. Those who were initiated v I
mp Join) Bennett ‘53. Mary PilgSl'C‘y, till A further, concentratcd cllort
Nancy Roosa. Ada Cosgrii'f, 'Junc towards benm- Studenppacupy re-
TCI'l'i'. and 130W?” Women “‘mh' lotions. cari'icd beyond the idea of
mcn. just one night in the year reserved
II for such betterment of relations.
  student participation in more organ-
izations. and thus u closer-knit Stu-

Rcsldcnts of Van Derzee Hall will _‘ H ‘l '
hold their annual spring formal to- ﬁlm” “I” ASSOUMIOIL
morrow night. according to an un-

 

DAVID MANLY

(4i An oplimistic outlook, that
with the centralization of many ac-
tivities in the new Student Union. it
will be, possible to promote moi'c

nouncomcnt by Clarence Larson, / , . I , .
Grad, President. The entire house    

will be open for inspection by all
gucsts during the overliliig. 9 f

This cveni. to be be c 'rom pm. I F O M U
to l u.m., will have the thcmlcl n 
u ,u . n . 1 ' '
i'i‘Julttiii'xil‘.‘ tl‘i‘e/miiiiislc Tyre B‘l‘iminiiey L“f‘_‘l“‘l%] “b “Slims {laud 10991115
and his Blucnotcrs. General Chair- VENUE C U ' ‘10 mt”? [I‘ll-lots (ll

, .2, Knocmcr .51, Wm be us_ (nus and Apo lo huvc .igiud to

mm“ mm - 1 ,. (1 “Nee sprinkle morrimcut down upon the
Siftvclibis Rho. €13,112“, Elana?“ 1130,19 Moving-Up Day Scmi-F‘ormul Fri—
iiiiliiv‘:.andmililiilterlSchncller, Soph- (I’ll-‘VI' Mill/“1‘;- B." ‘Hlleﬁ‘illll agreement
omorcs' Chupcroncs, Stuart Gates “.H 1 ml” 9' l'lll-VV ‘5}1 W01 k 0‘0-
‘51' Music Robert Crecdon '53 and mm" “191°"(ll1‘li~l("‘ “0m 9 P-m' “1
ﬁv‘hwhl‘ne'nml John mm, .51. l‘u.m. in tho .ym. Louugo and the

Chuporoncs for this unnqu cvoni cmmmw“
urc Willium Lyons, Housc Munugor, 'l'hc (Iccoi'ulions for Mim-rvu‘s
uu;l Mrs. Lyons: Paul thclci‘. in- Ballroom in tho Gym will ccuicr
structor in Sociology; Cuthcrhio urouml ihc podcsiul for tho rciguing
Ncwbold, Instructor lll History; and goddcss. Sho will be soloctcd from
Harry Budcn. and Mrs. Budcn. ln- lhoso womcn uliclldliig tho dunco
struclor in English. by lho chupcronos. Dr. Col-

hus. who will bo ghost of honor, will
 To  proscut lho goddcss with u gift.
Skating Party, Hike

A skullug puriy uud u hiko huvc

boon schcdulod tomorrow and Sun- .

duy Ior childrcu ui Llic Albuuy  “E‘emrge's \yxll'" Elle:

Ilomo. according to lildmund l,.cigh Ice” 0' e“ 9": ° °Y

'52, l’i'i’hiili'lli oi' SMILES. "l‘hc Skill" Elections for Womcn's Aihlolic

in“ mu“ m” b“ hm“ him“ 1 m 5 Association officers will Lukc plucc

“hills,l'”i;i;::“).l¥(1m.in(Emuluzﬁkuﬁ; outside the Commons today from
.| ‘ , 9 am. to 12 noon. Phyllis l-lurris ’iil.

111TlluintNl‘.m p'ilnl'nbufitiii.) mm “m President. of WAA hus umiouuccd.

11“ U mmlm‘“ U“ ‘ All girls with credit in at loust one

In uddiliou lo llicsc romuucsquo
tom-hos, purplo and gold sircmm-rs
\\'lll loud u collcglulc uimosphcro lo
this (livlno world. Bob Mussoy iIIl(l

.louu ltocdcr und ltobci't Burron, _ , u x , I ,
Juniors, Co-Chuli‘mcn of the wcck— Wm" “H' whim" L0 vow
cnd‘s uctiviiics, rcqucst all students
intorcslcd In assisting with tho hlkc.
the skating party or u baseball game constitutional amendments
according to Miss Harris.

The elections will be conducted in
the manner prescribed by the now
passed

to meet ui lho Home.

  

 

HARVEY ROBINSON

 

Our Student Association is pres-
ently a strong and efficiently oper-
ated governmental organization.
However, through three years of
working experience in S. A., it is
apparent to me that there are con-
ditions much in need of improve-
ment and that S. A. has many po-
tentialities that should definitely be
investigated. In support of this, as
one wishing to improve our organi-
zation as your president. if you would
allow me to do so. I advocate:

(ii A more varied and interesting
assembly agenda; also, decision by
the majority and respect. for the
minority.

(3 A student body. DELLCI' inform—
cd by a moro invisiigativc Student
Council.

13! Constitutional house—cleaning
with special emphasis on clarifica-
Lion of offices and the attached du-
lies.

(4) Now Student—Faculty projects.

I5l State aid for our activities.
expanding them with a minimum
Student tax.

(St A study of the wisdom in pur-
chasing a tclevision set for the
Lounge, and the suggestion of in-
corporating S. A.

(Ti Better schcduling of activi-
tios; and maximum use of our Stu-
doui Union.

 

D Formal Beouly

his orchcsiru will provide music for
lhc couples.

Oh (icorgc! Jerry and Dagmar
will be thc spcclul attraction of the
Rose Lounge through the courtesy
of Dick‘s Radio Scrvicc. All this and
boxing loo rvia TV of course, The
rosos may not be four, but they're
bcllcr by the score.

'I‘ho atmosphere of the Commons
will bo that of u collcgc cuburci
i'cuim'iug b‘uc “The Lady is
'l‘rump" Dunzis uud .lcss Burnct.
Who will ruiilc tho 88‘s in accompan—
iman Pcuuunts from various col—
logos will bo thc outstanding decoru-
ior's iicms. Rol'rcshmcnls will be
scl'vcd in this curc-i‘ruo atmosphere
throughout lhc cvcnlng.

Sully 'l‘schumi is supervising ihc
cohorts who uro prcpurlug for tho
descent of tho gods and goddcsscs
from ihoir Mount Olympus or Mount
Holuudu. ln rospousc to u spcciul
rcqucsl, Corcs hus mudo spcciul
urruugcmcnis to prcscnt ouch lady
with u corsugc. 'l‘hoso arc to be in—
cluded with tho $3 bid. Bids will go
on squ outsido the Commons Mou~
duy.

’I‘ho scuff-formal looks as if it
might bo quite hcuvcnly. No wings
are necessary to enter this roulm of
heavenly rest—just an Invite girls
and thcrc you are.

  

State College New: 

VOL. XXXV NO. 23

On Candidates

For SA Oilices

To Elect Class Leaders,
Members OI Myskania

Assembly today will consist of
voting for Student Association and
class officers. The election procedure
will be the same as in former years.
Ballots for both class and Student
Association elections will be handed
in at the same time. as the Assembly
files out by row, according to sec—
tions.

The candidates for mySKania were
printed in last Week’s News. The
candidates for other Student Associ-
ation offices are as follows:

I'ronldonf, liuvlii Manly, Ilurvoy Rob—
lusou. \\'ll|luui Wlloy. Vicc-I'roulrlont,
(‘hurlos Abruhum, Iioborl ilubcook,
‘I‘homus Ilugbcs. Illcllurll Jacobson,
lioso .\Iury liolloi', .loliu I.uuuon, Jo-
sopb I.ol||lml‘(ll, Horulil Iiobcris, Arlhur
\\'olg:lml. Songlcurlcr, .\Iur_IorIo, Imvls,
Ilolou Kinsllislii. .\Illuu Krchuluk, Mary
linl'ys' Marks. I,oulso l'olf'lolil. l‘lihol
I’ll-rsnu. Hoorohuy. Soulu Hush, Ann

__________
M 1 . omt 15 “mt of an ef- i'upuris, Ann f‘olumbo. I‘uirlclu “can,
y ma n p ( Sully Iii-rig. .\l:|rI|,\‘n Hoyt-rs. Moduli-lilo

“Gently 11”? student govemm?“t- I I':Iyuo. I'uli'lciu Zylko. i-llmlcm llourrl
have seen In my past CXDerlenceS of Il‘lnuncc, l‘illﬂl'lll' Andorran". lloliillll
with Student, Association how this Ilulrns. \‘Ilclorlu “lllilllllii. .losoph IIquln,

~ , - - _ .\ l‘ ouo -l\‘orsou. N IIl',IUl‘li| I":Irwu I,
in. lmpmtagt pmnt mlgilttsbpi gt l‘hurlos (lruuoisou. .luuuilu McMillon,
anmd- In t 858 seven Don I 6“ liuih Slurry, llouglus 'I‘Iloruo. Rudolf
have we, you and I, together, can Ilnilc, I’ulrlck f‘urlo. Lonuuru Iluvls,

and will reach this goal. iimlorlck lllisiugor. .\Illuu Krclmiuk.
\\'illium Robbins, Kulliorluo Sinclair,

1, A continued investigation of Harold Smllb. Simionl I"ucIlItIr-u Itouril.
the MAA problems. Iii-Hy .\llcu. .llli‘lllli‘lllli' ('oplnu. [loin-rt

Iluusm-r. I'lllmuull Lolgll. Imvlil Shop»
2. Get the Budget before 8A ear- :II'II. I‘iIIWllI‘ll Ilnuuhuo, lloily i‘oylioir
Her and to keep a Closer Cheek on lloborl Slulu-Illum. Louis Vlon, Audrey

WILLIAM WILEY

ilull. liuih Iiunu, .llmcllll .\lcl'ormuc|\'.

the running of student supported Ilurlw. Imroibou (‘horuquL .\Ii'rcil
organizations l'lomoulo. Ilouuld liuclos. .Iumos Ii‘lu«
uI-u. Murcia Hrll'l'. 'I‘homus Iloppoy,

3. Keeping an accurate and strict .qui- I\';|i7., llouulil Krug. Konrad
.\I:Iior. Kulhloon lllu-rsl, IIui'I‘y \\'ul'i',

accounting of all Student Council , Hm will“ r
.I- - I - ,
'I'Ilo cunnihlulw l’ur ol’l'icos in lIIo i‘nuI'

members. (attendance and reports.)

‘ _ - i'l:l~~'i'>‘ uro u< follows:
. 4-.  continued wmk Intfo th‘e lilful: Alumni (‘ounui-Iur. Marilyn Al-
icasibihhcs of the possible illCOl- 1,.,,, 1m, p.-,.,.,.,,.[' mp1,." “'0”...

poration of SA, 195'“ I’roeliloni. Ilobol'l llouuolly.
\‘loo- l'l'hlill'lll. I'ulrlclu liurgusch.

5. The Reactivation of the Stu— Ilulwl‘l .l:ii'ill)_\'. I'Iilwurll Kylc, Edmund
dent, Facilities Board. Ia-lu‘h. 'I‘rouaurcr, .Iouuuluo Iiurko,

.Iumos i'olos, .\lur,lorlo li‘urwoll. Soc-ro-
6. The remaking of the Social fury, l'ulriobl III-viii. Violin Mylos. Mur-
Caiendar Committee.

(Continued on Page I,, Column 1)
’l. The clarification of the duties
of Election Commission.  
I I

These main points will lead to

the unique position of SA in the V

State University, keeping it as a I  

leader in Student Government in

New York State. Tuesday

.m‘ -” a - I ~ﬁ— — I May Day
place, Gerald Brophy ’51, President

  

evening, the annual
observance will take

of Newman Club, has announced.
   The Christian Science Organization

and Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-

R  |   n   have slated meetings for Thurs-

The May Day celebration will
TWO rivnh‘y events will 130 110“ begin with a parade, in which State
tomoI'I'O-v afternoon. according to students will form the fifth division,
I-lclmuth Schultzc '51, Chairman 01' starting- from st_ Rose College and
Rivalry Committee. Women's sol‘i- proceeding- 10 Capitol park where
ball is scheduled for 1 am. on Page Bishop SCi.lly, of the Albany Dio-
F‘icld; mcn's will be held at 2:30 “.56, Wm speak, ‘
p. m. Each event is worth two rival- The Christian Science Organiza-
ry points. tion meeting will be held in Room
Moving-U) Duy rivalry activities 11‘ Drill)" Ha“ “(1 7:30 P-m-v “0'
include the iklt and Silll-l'. each worth cording to BMW!“ Newfombe '53:
three points. The winner of the five PI'CSldent~ Flam wright 52v Pres“
mints {01- mo Big--4 Wm 1),. an- dent, has announced that Mrs:‘An-
nounccd, and also the winner of n“ Mom“ “’1” Sp?ak 9130“ HOW
“mm, Can I Know Gods Will" at the
‘ lVCF meeting in Room 23, Richard-
Buuncrs must bc returned to 50“ Ha” M noon
.luuics Jiusto '51. hciwcon (i p. m. and
12 midnight, Friday. May 4. The _
cluss returning its own banner will HOI'IOI'BIY FTBTCTHITY

rcccivo two points; tlic class rcturn- _
ing its rivul's bamior will bo givcn To Select Ofﬁces
thi'cc points. 'l‘ho prosont rivalry
scorc is ciuhtccu for the Sophomores
und scvoutccn for tho i‘rcshmcn.

Kappa Phi Kappa, national hon-
orury education fraternity, will hold
its filial meeting of the semester

Six Freshmen Receive Warnings Tuesday in the Lounge at 3:30 pm,
according to Arthur Pederson ’50,

. . . i
Fm V'o'mon 0' sme Trad" on President. During the meeting the

The following people have receiv- officers for 1051-52 will be elected.
cd second warnings for violation of Pedcrson announced that the on-
u State College tradition, according nqu fraternity banquet will be held
to William Engelhuri '51. Chairman Sunday. Muy ii. at Jack's Restaurant.
of Myskania:JoanRaciydunef‘rcu- Frank A. Peake, National Sec-
noy, Phyllis Ellis, Mabel Schwclzcr, rotary-Treasurer of the fraternity
Mlma Politu. und Esta Eclistcln. A visited the Chi chapter of State
third warning will necessitate an u- College Thursday. April 19. A short
pology to Student Association, ac- informal meeting was held at that
cording to Engclhurt. time, according to Pederson.

   
   
 

 

