 

 

 

 

PMI 8

Forum In The Future . . .

Today State students, interested in the machi-
nations oi government, can see college students in
a mock senate to be held in the Capitol Building.

Area colleges will have representatives in the
senate as well as State. Future history teachers can
gain practical, useful knowledge about legislative
procedings. Any student at all concerned about
world affairs can benefit by observing these intri-
cacies.

Forum, one of the unsung organizations at State,
is presenting the mock senate. Forum is one of
the organizations at State which can justify its
presence with sound reasoning. Any person wishing
to become a teacher, or any person wishing to be
a citizen of the times, needs to be in the know
of current political practices and personalities.

Forum gives the opportunity to those even too
lazy to read the columns written daily on the sub-
ject. Forum prints a newspaper, releases news bul-
letins on its board in lower Draper and holds dis-
cussions and speeches on every related subject.

State College should give Forum a chance. Pres-
ence at one of its sessions is an opportunity to see
people who use knowledge of current situations of
the world for substantial thinking . . .

The Search . . .

Today begins another turnover in offices of Stu-
dent Association. Nominations for officers are on
the assembly agenda. Today or within the next
week end several capable people, students with
natural leadership qualities and sincere interest
will be nominated. The time limit for nominations
has been set for Tuesday and for declinations,
Wednesday.

With four days to nominate and five for de-
clinations, greatest care should be taken that the
“cream of our crop” be considered. Greatest care
should be taken by these candidates in accepting
these nominations. Public office, regardless of
current ideas of “personality kids" entails respon-
sibility, and dull routine. When the flag waving of
Moving Up Day has passed there remains one full
year of duties, humdrum problems. Nominators
wil do well to choose carefully. Nominees will do
well to accept cautiously.

There are certain persons eligible for all posi-
tions who are capable of carrying on work other
than the academic. it’s their duty to accept their
responsibilities . .

Security . . .

Student Association can buy a cheaper insur-
ance policy than the one it now supports. Student
Council is investigating the possibilities of this pol—
icy for our student body.

It. would bring 500 dollar coverage, year around
to women for $18.95 per year and to men for $23.75
per year. At first glance this seems like a bargain
to be picked up immediately.

Obtaining this policy would involve switching
agencies and severing the past good relations with
Art Kapner. It would also involve the risk of
something new. Would this be a policy consist-
antly low? Or will this company undersell the first
year and then due ot rising costs raise the pre—
mium? If this should happen, is one year of re-
dtlccd premium worth the change?

Student Council will be giving audience to rep-
resentatives of both agencies at a date to be an-
nounced within the next two weeks. A large gath-
ering oi non-council members at this meeting
would give more representative opinion and criti-
cism of the two policies.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

ItATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

VOL. XXXV April 13. 1951 NO. 21
liviniwr I)lr(11'|lilll(il'
.\~.‘-‘Iil'lllit‘l| (‘oilI-gluli- I’riws (‘oliog‘iulo iligcst
’l'ln' iinnii-rgruiluulo ni'wsiiiipi-r of (be New York Hluie (‘olr
h-ui- for 'i‘viii'lii-i‘s: published i-ri-i‘y lI‘riilIIy of llll' (Follow:
your 1.) line \I-lWS Iloiiril l’or illl‘ Sliiileiil AHWDI‘llIIllill
I'lllllli‘~ |*'i-ii/.iv., .‘til‘JIi. \\'oll'r-, Hi1 Iliil‘J; liiii'liluuli. \llh'i'l'
.‘li‘llllll'l'~. iil Ill|' .\'I'I\\'H slull' iiiiiy Iw l't'ill'lll'll 'l'iii'silu) .iiini

“Mini-ml.” from f in It fill p in iii it till)?
Ill/\Iil' FEVZI‘ZI. A - - - - -
(HILIIII‘I H\\z\|t’l"/.
HEM/Hill III'NN
I'LVEIAN \\ lll.l"l'2 - -
I’Al'l. lll'f'llMAN - - - - - -
III'H'I‘IIUA' ltl'lll.l(|.\ - — e - (‘Ironlullun .“lllllll‘t‘l'
.IANIC (‘UIIK - - - - - - ~ - Advertising .\luuiigor
JOSEPH l'l‘ﬂlll’ - - v - - - - - luminous Munile
l‘ICI‘I‘JIJA IIA'I'TIN‘I'I - - - — - - - I'th'lmlii‘u It'llth
NUIIINII ('Altflllll. - A - - - - - - «tenor-Jute l‘irlitor
VH‘TIIIIIA I‘h‘llI’. - - - < - - - — Aimocliito lirlltor
fill/H7” HAII'I‘II - - - - - - ~ - - Armor-lute Editor

l'itlllllf-lll-('I|ll'l
('ID'MIIIHII‘IIIK I'itliltlr

- - (udhiimgiug Editor
— l‘uhllo “t‘lllllﬂllu I'lrlilor
- - Y‘porln Itirlllor

 

All I'uiiiiiiiinii'iilioun should Int iltlilf‘l'lirtt‘ll lo tln- l‘tlllUl' and
mum ln- slum-ii. Nomi-s Will he willilu-iil upon request.
The H'l'A'I'I’l ('HIIIJ'ZIII‘.‘ NEWS Iiﬂlllllllfﬂ no rI-ripousllilllly
for opinions ('xllrl'Hnwl lll lir~ I'olllllllln or ('Ullillllllllt'itllolln
:is such l'hlrl'lfblillrilrl do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

ITA‘I'I COLLIOI NIWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 13.1.31

"minted from May l951 Iswo of Esquire

 
 
     
    
  
  

THEATR ICAL
Boom

 
 

i
i

\
i

Copyright I951 by Esquire, Ind

 

“We do a horse act”

 

Malice Patio/ma

 

John Greenleaf Wickham was the
14th. name that had broken the
death-like silence in our beloved
Page Hall. Applause, boisterous roar
and hysterical feminine screams
pierced the tense atmosphere, but
only those who had their hearing
aids keyed for this moment heard
under the pandemonium the sobs
and wailing of the fallen First Es-
tate who were lounging in their
plush purple and gold seats.
Tears were evident in the eyes of
those souls who after three years
of work on Big 4-’s, in rivalry games,
on decoration committees, as boost-
ers of every Tom Kix Show, and be-
ing in the Commons every noon.
had failed.

Silent Subert sat on his unhewn
wooden bench munching his pea-
nuts (bought from the bandit in
Common Smoke Room) noted may-
be this was the hour for an analy-
sis of the rowdy spectacle occur-
ring below.

Every year disappointed, stulti-
fled, and frustrated demagogues be-
wail the fact that they lost. Oh,
how harsh it is after starting so
spiritedly, cunnineg and with back
slapping at Fresh Camp and through
election day. Now, college has lost
all its hope and meaning to them.
They failed the big test—being
elected to the Holy of Sacrens. or
as Big Leader of Cell 53 or as Clerk
of Words for the Supreme Overate
Council.

Subert murmured and mused why
people hadn't realized that their

 

ﬂat Week
In 144%

Assembly last Friday was almost
entirely devoted to discussion of the
Men’s Athletic Association budget.
Before the budget discussion was
begun, however, students were re-
qucsted to fill out a poll for Com-
muters Club concerning a Moving-
Up-Diiy formal and an additional
poll conducted to secure the pre-
ferred topics for a future Forum
conference.

The discussion of the buddget was
taken out of order so that MAA
would be given more time to make
contracts for next year. Led by
Theodore Buyer of Election Corn-
mission, the main points of con-
tention were the J.V. Basketball
lines of the proposed budget. The
question was brought up by Stu-
dent Association of the worth to
the school of the high expense of an
athletic program. Discussion ended
at 1:211 p.m. and at that time no
part of the budget had been voted
upon Ronald ltockhill ’51 answer-
ed the questions concerning MAA
breakdowns.

 

By STU GATES

 

glorious Alma Mater was offering
them the chance to develope their
capabilities and talents as leaders.
to serve their community, school and
fellow pedquins with a sense of ac-
complishment and good, rather than
for 43 votes on the first ballot. Why
have they been working so hard,
and then throwing it out because
of a self-centered drive to have a
key chain of diamond studded rec-
tangles (only So per student) or a
Big Leaders Neckchain—rather than
trying to better the present organi—
zations, improve standards of con-
stitutions, and develop personal
growth and social education?

Are these factotums to be the
teachers of all the children of all
the people within two years?—~when
they don’t know how to preserve
learning, the ideals of pedagogy, the
values of personal growth, a rich-
ness of deep faith in men's sincere
convictions, action from honest mo-
tives, offering constructive citizen-
ship to their school and personal
life.

The realization of true friends,
lasting comradeship and spirit of
a manly fraternalism has been sold
for initiations at $17 a year (the
last 21-; years!)

As they formed their class num-
erals on the green, Subert peered
through the ivy (planted by 106
classeS) and guessed that some-
body each year through the Journal
of News urges the students to vote
wisely, think carefully; but how can
they vote if their personalities do
not have a purpose for betterment in
development and service by growth?

Poor Subert, all he could do was
realize the human naturalness in
this false popularity and brusquc-
ncss for personal but hope that
this perennial issue shall receive
consideration and moderation in
the motives and shylockihg of the
genteel folk.

As the mob broke and the roar of
cheers rose Subert hoped future
John Greenleaf Wickham‘s would
find humility and it deeper purpose
through conscientious, objective, and
sincere enthusiastic serving.

 

eoawmioah'oad

 

llcur Editor,

I want to express my sincere gru-
titude to all the State College Stu-
dents who participated ih the Al-
bnny Cancer Fund drive which was
held on Monday evening, April 0.
Special thanks is extended to the
Psi Gamma and Phi Delta sororities
who were able to cancel their meet—
ings in order to support this drive.

Without your help, "Lights On"
would have been it dismal failure
but with it. it was an overwhelming
success. Thank you all once again.

Mux Fallck '51,
Chairman.

 
 
 

 

 

Gama-3W
_.__-—— By HARVEY MILK

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sun COLLIOI
News. 1

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

Every Sunday thousands go to church. Several
weeks ago the churches of the world were filled to
capacity. But how true the words of Spinoza when
he said, "I have often wondered that persons who
make boast of professing the Christian religion—
namely, love, joy, peace, temperance, and charity to
all men—should quarrel with such bitter hatred, that
this, rather than the virtues which they profess, is
the readiest criterion of their faith.” We say brother-
hood should last longer than one Week a year. Chris-
tianity should last longer than one hour a week.
OSCARS

Ever since Hollyw00d has given out its Oscar
for the best acting of the year we have had compe-
tition for next year’s awards. First Sen. Toby should
get an Oscar for the best ham actor of the year—-
no one can surpass him. The way he talked about
our great freedoms and democracy and then out-
shouted his witnesses so they couldn’t answer him.
I wonder if Toby or any one of his family ever took
a drink during prohibition. Thanks to FORUM we
had a chance to see democracy in action where wit-
nesses become defendants and politicians get a
chance to show us how wasteful they are. And then
there are those congressmen who want to impeach
the President for removing an insubordinate general.
Would anyone have dared to impeach Lincoln for
changing generals. As teachers we shouldn't jump at
conclusions for action one way or another. Let’s look
at all the facts first and maybe a little faith in our
President wouldn’t hurt the nation.

RAT RACE

It has started. The rat race for the 13 berths on
Myskania began wtih the recommended and suggest-
ed lists. This year more than ever in the past most of
the names put up aren't worthy of that organiza-
tion. Too many natural leaders were not even men-
tioned. And so the personality contest starts. Just
look at the list of things done by each member. How
much have they really done? Most of the nomi-
nees were on several committees but so what! In
most cases those committees never did anything at
all. Is a person qualified for Myskania because he
or she gave all her time for one organization? If
so, over a dozen more names should have been add-
ed to the few “one organization“ names on the board
already. And, is there that much difference between
the worthiness of those names on the recommended
list and of those on the suggested list. Most of the
people nominated so far have no backbone of their
own—Just as in the past. Let's weed out the weak links
now and put up for election people who would do
a good job, not people who are good “Joes”.
MONEY FOR WHAT ? ? ?

And today the budget comes up again. Will you
vote for retrogi‘ession or progress—will you cut or
expand—will an extra two dollars break you or will
you rather spend that extra $2 for several ducquirics
the night before a vacation or the night before school
starts next Sept. . . . does that extra drink or drunk
mean so much to you that you rather cut the bud-
get and next year’s activities than give it up. Do
you spend several hours arguing on the merits of
spending several dollars for “a good time" the way
you do over the budget? Ah! The wonders of student
government—where our little minds must work!
COMMITTEES

While talking about committees that our next My—
skania members might brag about being members of.
I would like to know just what value the Student-
Faculty Comm. has been. Has it done anything to
improve the relations between students and pi'ofsw
or is it still working? It took Student Council to give
it a little kick in the pants when the council made
arrangements to have a student-faculty basketball
game—seems like the committee that should be doing
this is asleep. Why not scrape its members and
either put some new blood on it or forget. all aboui
it. The members of this committee should be ashamed
to admit that they are on it for all the work they
did . . . but being on it looks good when they run for
office . . . And has the Intcri'rntcrnity-intersorority
council scheduled next year's (lance yctwwhat are
you waiting for Xmas!

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 13

8-12 midnight Giiiiniiii Kiippii Phi (late party
Beta thu (lute party

8-30-12 midnight Knppn Dcltu diitc pui'ty
Potter pledge dutc porty
Chi Sigma (lute party

SATURDAY, APRIL 14

11 um, Eastern New York Stale Sou-nyl-
Congress and Fun'

12:30 p.m. Phi Delta Aluiiiniic llllli‘llt'Ull

l p.m. Kappa Delta Alumnae luncheon
Psi (tumour and (illllllllil Kappa
Phi linichcons for Alumnae I'toiu
Zi-tu uiuniiiiii- luncheon

2 p.m. Chi Siginii iiluinniu- luncheon

3:311 p.m. (iiuninu Kappa Phi (lillt' purty

0 p.m.-l am. Psi (liiinniu Illl(l (iuiiuiiu Kappa

Phi joint foi'miil
Alpliii Epsilon Phi
dinner diinci-
llcta chu formal
Phi Delta forniiil
THURSDAY, APRIL 10
3:30 p.m. Pun Amigos meeting

sciiil-i'oi'mul

 

 

 

ITATI COLLIGI NIWO. FRIDAY. APRIL. 13. 1951

Election Commission issues Rules
Concerning SA Voting Procedure Release Plans

Regulations concerning the Spring
Elections of 1951.

Nominations for all class offices
shall open Thursday and will close
Tuesday at 4:30 pm. ALL nomina-
tions not made in cla5s meeting
Thursday shall be placed in a sealed
envelope, signed. and placed in the
Myskania mailbox before Tuesday
by 4:30 p.m. Declinations will close
Wednesday by 4:30 p.m. Declina-
tions not made at class meetings
will follow the above procedure.

Nominations for all Student As-
sociation Officers will open today
in Assembly, and remain open until
Tuesday at 4:30 p.m. Suggested no-
minations for Myskania from Stud-
ent Association shall also remain
open until Tuesday at 4:30. All no-
minations not made in Assembly
shall be placed in a sealed envelope,
signed, and put in the Myskania
mailbox before Tuesday. Declina-
tions must be made by Wednesday
at 4:30 p.m.

Candidates must acquaint them-
selves with the Major-Minor Office
Plan. Candidates may run for only
one class office and only one Stu—
dent Association Office. If a candi-
date is nominated for 2 (Wm of-
fices on the same ballot and does
not withdraw from one, his name
will be automatically removed from
the ballot. Preferences for office
must be in to Myskania before Fri-
day, April 2'7.

Voting for all officers will take
place in Assembly Friday, April 27.

Campaign Speeches
Only candidates for the presidency
of the class shall make campaign
speeches in the class meetings on
Thursday, April 26. These speeches;
shall last no longer than two min-
utes per candidates. The candidates
for the other class offices shall
also be introduced at this time in
their respective class meetings. ,
Campaign speeches for the follow-
SA offices shall be made in the
Assembly Friday. April 20 and shall
be limited to the following lengths:

Candidates for President . . . 3
minutes

Campaign manager for Presidents
. . . 1 minute.

Vice-Presidential Candidates . . 2
minutes.

SA Secretary Candidates . . . 1
minute.

Candidates for all other Student
Association offices will be intro-
duced at this time.

POSTERS.

Posters may be displayed after
Monday. April 23. Each candidate
for the office of President, Vice-
Presidcnt, and Secretary of Student
Association and class president shall
be allowed two posters. size 26" x
20". Candidates for all other offices

bers, announces Royiinn Snlm '51,
Six sororities have held their for-
lllill iiiintiution services. As a result
seventy-five pledges have become
new sorority members. . .

Kappa Delta has received mne-
Lt't‘ll members, according to Beverly
Kuhlkin '51. President. They are
lrmu Schaffcr ’52, Phyllis Penny
‘53. illl(l the following freshmen;
iiurbai'n Brodzinskl, Aiiiiii Capuris,
liarbiirit Cill‘llt'l‘, Aline Hcroux, Cyn-
Illlil iiill, Rosemary Kirby. Bcnti‘icc
Loliuii, .Ioaii Mai-key, Muric Miii'ol-
hti, lsubi-l Marlin, Dorothy Pres-
iiioiit, ltiilli Richti-i', Margaret
Smith. Mabel chitzer. Atlniliu
'I‘hompsoii, Jnnct 'l‘i'ui-sdiilc, Mary
Ann Wurzbiick.

New members of Psi (iilllllllit as
announced by Lenore Corcoriiii '51.
President. are iiiirbui'u Benson ’51.
and Margaret 1"0glll'ty, Vii'gliilu Kil-
li‘. Lois l’ortci‘, Anne Villl Akcn,
and Alyi'cc Wainwright, freshmen.

’l‘hosc formally initiated iiilo Chi
Higiiiii 'I‘iiclu, according to Elizabeth
Caliill. President are Audrey
Ciiiiill. .lunct Cuiiiivuii, Joan Du-
pi'i-y, Moth-lyn Mon", and Alice Whit.
l.(’lll()l'(‘. irosliincii.

(iitllllllil Kappa Phi's now meni-

 

 

 

shall be allowed one poster, size
13’ x 20".

ONLY ONE CANDIDATE MAY
CAMPAIGN ON A POSTER. All po-
sters must be approved by Campus
Commission and Election Commis-
sin, and left on the Campus Com-
mission Desk not later than one day
preceding the day when the poster
will go up. Posters may be changed
during the week only if the Election
Commission is notified, and Campus
Commission approves the change.
ELECTION COMMISSION SHALL
DECIDE WHERE THE POSTERS
SHALL BE DISPLAYED AND
SHALL BE IN CHARGE 0]“ PCS—
TING THEM.

POSITIVELY NO ELECTION
MATERIAL IS TO BE PLACED IN
THE STUDENT MAILBOXES. NO
money is to be spent for election
purposes other than posters unless
approved by Election Commission.
All rallies and debates will be held
only under the supervision of Elec-
tion Commission, and shall be con-
ducted under their direction.

ALL candidates for any Student
Association or class offices shall be
prohibited from making any an—
nouncements, or from sitting on the
stage, or otherwise passing out bal—
lots, straw votes. collecting funds,
or otherwise appearing in the front
of SA Assembly on the day of elec-
ting; (balloting on candidates.) This
ruling shall include and effect all
present SA officers that might be
candidates for office. FAILURE TO
OBSERVE ALL OF THESE RULES
AND REGULATIONS SHALL RE-
SULT IN THE DISQUALIFICA-
TION OF THE CANDIDATE OR
CANDIDATES INVOLVED.
EXAMINATIONS

Candidates for any office, the elec-
tion of which will place them on
Student Council, shall meet at one
of the following times in Room 111.

Wednesday, 7:00-8:00 p.m.

Thursday, 12 noon and 7:00-8:00

p.m.
ALL CANDIDATES MUST TAKE
THIS TEST REGARDLESS OF
THE FACT THAT THE CANDI-
DATE HAS TAKEN A SIMILAR
EXAM SOMETIME DURING THIS
PRESENT SCHOOL YEAR.

Candidates shall be examined on
their knowledge of the Student As—
sociation Constitution. Failure to
meet this requirement, take and pass
this test, will result in the disquali—
fication of the candidate. NO re-
tests will be given.

ELECTION COMMISSION

Stuart L. Gates, 51, Chairman

Paul Kirsch 51, Secretary

Robert Hauser '52

William Wiley ‘52

Joan Haggerty ‘52

All persons to be eligible as can-
didntcs and to vote must have paid
their class dues and student tax.

Hillel, IZFA

For Activities

The religious activities at State
for next week include the Hillel
traditional Seder and the regular
Student Christian Association Cha-
pel. Delegates of Inter-Zionist Fed-
eration of America will represent
State at a regional convention at
Syracuse University, according to
Lillian Kaminsky ’51, Chairman.

The traditional Passover food will
be served in the Lounge Tuesday
at 3:30 p.m.. according to an an-
nouncement by Barbara Stein '51.
President of Hillel. Daniel Ganeles
‘51 will perform the ritual at that
time. All students are urged to at-
tend the Seder, whose purpose it is
to disseminate good will and under-
standing among all faiths and to
develop an appreciation of the cul-
tural traditions of Judaism.

Chapel service Wednesday will be
held at the Unitarian Chapel with
Donald Ely '51 speaking on “The
Glory of God." Elizabeth Platt ‘51,
will lead the service and Priscilla
Jones '51. will act as organist, ac-
cording to Aime Braasch '51, Presi-
dent.

Delegates at the regional con-
ference of IZFA being held today
through Sunday are Lillian Kam-
insky and Renee Gewirtzman Jun-
iors. Attendance will include upper
New York State Colleges and Can-
adian Colleges. The purpose of the
convention will be the election of re-
gional officers as well as the dis-
cussion of the ten day summer Sem-
inar and other summer activities.
Plans for next year's program will
also be discussed.

Juniors To Buy
Traditional Rings

Moving—Up—Day plans are being
formulated according to Harvey Ro—
binson ‘52 and Peter Telfer '53.
Presidents of the Junior and Sopho-
more Classes respectively. Thc Fos-
ter Parent Plan, initiated by the
Class of 1952, is under the direction
of Alta Reynolds '52 this year.

The Junior Moving-Up-Day
Breakfast will be held at the “Bowl”.
A table outside the Commons will
be the location for the sale of class
rings. These rings, to be on sale the
week before Moving-Up-Day, are to
be distributed by Mrs. Gleason.

The Class of '52 will conduct a
drive to collect $.52 from each mem-
ber for the support of a war orphan.
For the second year the Juniors will
provide food. clothing and books
for the foster child for one year.
Collections are being made at all
group houses and a table will be
provided outside the Commons for
collections. According to Robinson

‘ election plans are complete and can-

Sororiiies FormollylnifioIePledges;
“Sf 75 New Sororin Members

President, are Grace Smith ‘52, Eve-
lyn Paulus ‘53 and Ann Columbc.
Beverly Dodge. Margaret Eckcrt.
Aime F‘ilipowski. Maureen Ftizger-
nld. Mary Ann Frascatorc. Marilyn
Frost. June Harrington, Florence
Klonowski, Fae Murray, Arlcnc
Wallace, freshmen.

Thirteen new members have join—
ed Betu thn. according to Kathryn
Loucks '51, President. These are
lrenc 'f‘cii Eyck '52, iiiid Nellil Ber-
lin, Shirley Callahan, Dorothy Clie-
riibiiii. Evelyn Kiitusuk. Bill'l)itl‘li
l.:iw. Mnrgurct. Livingstone, Mill'y
Muiriiy. Miirllyn Meyers, Mndeinc
Payne. Miirilyn Siiiitus, Sylxviu
Sonnnlcr, (iladys Smith, freshmen.

Phi Delta has nineteen new mem—
bers uiinoiinci-s oncc Buringcr '51.
President. They are till freshmen:
Audrey Burke, Barbara Ciiinber,
Norma IlcRoos. Judith Duchtiitei—
licr. Doris Einens, Dawn Furmnn,
Natalie Green, Faith Hanson, Fran-
i-os Hopkins, Kathleen House, Shir—
ley Nellis. Ethel Pierson, Knrcii
Prindlc, Jessie Rnyiior, Elizabeth
Rocker. June Staples, liiirbnrn Stein-
pcl, Corrine Vuleiiti ,and Marjorie
Wells.

didates for Senior class president
will speak at the class meeting
April 26. All elections will be held
in Assembly on Friday, April 27.

The Sophomore Class has set a
deadline of April 23 for the com-
pletion of Moving-Up-Dny skit cn-
tries. The songs for the Moving-
Up-Day Sing should be handed in
by April 2'7 according to Rose Mary
Keller, Class Songleader.

Council Votes To Repair
Victrola Set In Commons

The victroln Will be removed
from the Commons during the next
week for repairs, Virginia Norton,
51, Grand Marshal. has announced
At :1 meeting Wednesday night, stu-
dent Council voted to have the mo-
chine repaired rather than buy a
new one, since it guarantee of many
)(‘ltl’s‘ will accompany the repair
job.

It is expected that the victrola
will be back in the Commons by the
following week.

Release CAVD Test Grades

Reports on the grades of the CA-
VI) general ability test for gradu-
ates are now available, according to
Dr. it‘llzubctli Morris, Professor of
Education. Results cllll be obtained
from Mrs. Frances 'I‘homson, Per-
sonnel in Room 110 Drupci'.

Third Annual Business Conference
To Convene At State Dormitory

 

 

DONALD MULKERNE

Business Conference Speaker

Catholic—Group
Offer Tours

Four extensive student vacation
tours of Europe and a fifth Good
Neighbor Pilgrimage to Canada.un,-
der the joint sponsorship of the Na-
tional Federation of Catholic Col-
lege Students and the National
Newman Club Federation, will be
conducted by Rt. Rev. Msgr. Joseph
E. Schieder, National Director of
the two groups. The students from
every section of the United States.
will sail from New York on June 29
and July 14 and 27.

The official itineraries include vi-
sits to Ireland, England. France,
Portugal, Spain. and Italy. Mem-
bers of the tour groups will visit
Newman House at the University
of Dublin, and will be conducted on
special tours of “Newman sites."
as guests of the Newman Associa-
tion of England. In Paris, they will
join students from many nations
at the International House of the
Lay Auxiliaries of the Missions. In
Rome, an audience with His Hill-
ncss. Pope Pius XII is planned. At
all principal points visited students
will participate in guided sightsee-
ing tours with special English speak-
ing guides.

American Express - Catholic Tra-
vel League has been appointed to
handle all travel arrangements. Ex-
perienced travel escorts will accom-
pany the groups and take care of
all travel details.

 

Colleges Arrange
District Broadcast

Included in a news release for
area colleges is the announcement
of an area-wide radio broadcast.
which will be produced in the near
future by the various colleges in the
vicinity. The colleges cooperating in
this broadcast plan are Siena Col-
lege, the College of Saint Rose, and
State College.

This program will feature news
of all area colleges, and there will
be discussions of such student pro-
blcms as the draft and student
rights. Moreover, the participants
will discuss the responsibilities of 0.
student in collegiate and civic of-
fairs.

Any area college may contribute
to the program. George Kline '51
will direct the work for this radio
program.

Pierce Hall will be the scene of
the third annual Business Education

Conference sponsored by the Com-

merce Club April 21, according to
Joan Foucault '61, President. The
theme of the conference which will
take place from 9:30 am. to 3:30
p.m. will be "Our Changing Busi-
ness Education.”

Featured speakers for the confer-
ence will include: Miss Mary Con-
nelly, Associate Professor of Busi-
ness Education, Boston University;
Dr. Donald Mulkerne, Supervisor of
Commerce in the Milne School; Dr.
Helen Reynolds, Professor of Busi-
ness Education, New York Univer-
sity; and John E. Whitcraft, Su-
pervisor of Business Education, State
Education Department. They will
discuss the important areas of the

business field, including shorthand,

typing, office practice and job in-
terviewing. Miss Connelly and Dr.
Mulkerne will collaborate in pre-
senting a typing demonstration on
ruled lines and a dramatization of
a job interview entitled “Good and
Bad Interview."

Miss Connelly, a. graduate of Bos-
ton University with a Bachelor of
Arts and Master of Education de-
gree, is doing graduate work at Har-
vard University. For the past few
summers she has been a. member of
the faculty at Columbia University.
Among her many activities, Pi
Omega Pi, Delta Pi Epsilon, the
National Association of Business
Teachers Training Institutions, and
the Commercial Directors Club of
Massachusetts claim her as a very
active member. At present she is
also service editor for the UBEA.
the official magazine of the United
Business Education Association
from Boston University and re-
ceived his Doctorate from Teachers
College, Columbia University. where
he has also had experience in the
teaching profession.

Mrs. Foucalt has announced the
following committees for the con-
ference: Exhibits, Patrick Carlo and
Douglas Adamson, Sophomores:
Publicity, Barbara Benson '51 and
Victoria Eade ‘52; Luncehon, Elea-
nor Gessinger: Programs. Sue Gallo
and Arrangements, Martha Downey,
Seniors.

State To Sponsor
AAUP Conference

The State College Chapter of the
American Association of University
Professors will hold a conference
here tomorrow according to Dr. Vi-
vian C. Hopkins, Chapter President.
Several members of the faculty will
participate in this regional meeting.

The opening meeting will feature
Dr. George Pope Shannon from the
national office of AAUP as the
main speaker. Dr. Shields McIl-
waine, Professor of English will
speak at the luncheon at Jack's
Restaurant.

The afternoon meeting will in-
clude a pnnel group. Dr. Wesley
Childcrs. Professor of Modern Lan-
guages, will act as the Moderator.

II.F. Honikol & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Control Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 
 
  

   

r 7'"

 

 re d/lflie .lludenlsMeel

SWEET SHOP

185 Watchmabgibdnngmmk

 

moron DAILY AT 91cm.

  

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
    
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
   
     
   
   
    
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
    
      

 

