 

 

.5
i
l

 

PAGE 2

What’s What?

This week the problem of the organization of
the new College Union has been brought to the
limelight. Some of the plans which Student F aCili-
ties Board had expected to be accomplished over
the summer session were not completed and have
therefore prevented the organizations of State Col-
lege to begin their schedules as they preViousiy
planned them.

The big question is “Where does Student Asso-
ciation stand in the use of the College Union?”
Until the present time, no organization has been
set up by Strident Council; as a result the admin-
istration has had to fill the breach until the stu-
dent body is ready to do so. However, the adminis-
tration does not intend to step in and take over
the Student Union, which was built to serve the
needs of the students and to provide for a more
efficiently run student organization program. it
is up to the students (whether they make wrong
or right decisions, that‘s one of the experiences
State College offers) to carry out that goal.

Unfortunately, one of the basic problems which
organization heads are confronted with is the lack
of the furniture in the College Union.. They had
expected the Union to be equipped when they re-
turned this Fall. Student Facilities Board left last
June with the impression that the furniture would
be ordered over the summer session. Dr. Collins
did not order the furniture until after a meeting in
August with the Dormitory Authority which would
determine whether that body would furnish our
activities room and thereby save the student body
the $10,000 that it appropriated from the Student
Facilities Fund.

Wednesday night Student Council completed a
plan that would set up a College Union Board, a
committee of Student Council. Each organization
was categorized (such as Publications, Depart-
mental Clubs). The Boards or Councils of each
organization will elect one person from the speci-
fic category which they fall under to serve as a
member of the Union Board. Student Council also
considered plans for another group comparable to
Campus Commission to execute the rules which
the Board sets up for the use of the Union.

The individuals who become members of the Col-
ige L'nion Board should not rgard the organization
of th Union as an “impossibility.” This Board
should not only inform itself as to the operations
of the Unions at other colleges, but its main aim
should be to satisfy the wants of the students at
State College. There is already a basis for organiza~
tion: a Social Calendar, and a Student Association
Constitution which makes provisions for newly
formed activities. The members of the board should
be competent people, and should accept the re-
sponsibility with the idea that they are capable of
fulfilling their position.

it has often been pointed out that the Student
Government of State College may be regarded as
unique. The institutions which have been estab-
lished here have gone through many years of
growth and have developed efficiency. The new
l'nion Board should not capitalize on the situa-
tion simply because there is a new building. We
should not destroy the methods under which these
organizations operate . rather, we should de-
velop more organizations and more activities. yet
comply with the Social ('aiendar Rules and the
present Student Association Constitution.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS
BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

ItA’l'lNG—li‘IRS'I‘ (‘LASS
September 28. 1951 No. 2

lll\ll'.lililtll'
t'ollcgiiiie lilgesl

 

VOL. XXXVI

.\leinher
.\~soi'liili'il l'tillegliiii- l’l‘ess
’l'lie undergraduate newspaper of ihe New York Htiitc t‘olA
h-ge for 'i'eaciiers; published every Friday of the t‘oiiege
year by the NEWS Hoard for the Student Association.
\li-iiiiwr~ oi the \I'Z\\'.\‘ ~‘.itt l||.|_\ he reached 'l'iiisil.“ .iiiil
tilil \\'et.ne~il.i,\ from T in II p III at '_‘."i.'t'_‘l'i I'lxl li
l'litiili‘ Siiilih, '_'Z'-:‘.'_'i Hide, it'.’ tii\l, lliiriis, il'_.'l\l\
(iItHI'l H\ll'l'll - — ~ - - - - - - - l‘lditor-ln-t‘lilef
VI("I‘OZ:|.\ I'2.\l)l'l A - - - - - ‘ - Managing Editor
NOIHNI'E ('.\It(ill.l. - - - l'iibllo Itolntlonn Editor
I)ti\’.\l.l) IH‘IINS - - - < - - ~ - Hltlll‘ln Iiiditor

ItOIHCIt'l‘ .l.\('OlIY - - — - — - Noiilor Hpol‘to .IIiinilii-r
ItAlthltA .HHt‘IC - - - a - ~ — ('lreiilutlnn Miuioger
IHHHI'I‘II\ In-(‘H't'O - - Exchange» Editor

l'.\'|‘ltl('l.\ ILUHII'M'II - ~ - - - Aiivorllnlnu I’lilllor
ilil'2\l‘l IHH' Y.|\Nlt\ ~ v - - Venture Editor
II I‘IN It \' KOHZI‘J “'HK I — » - — ~ - Aunonliite Editor
ICH'I'HIGIK .\I.\\ .\ KIN - r A ~ - < Annitelnie l'lillttir
"ANITA II.\ I'I‘ZAI'I'Z ~ 7 v - » .htnocliite I‘lilltor
I'JIiIZ.\ISI'Z'l' II l'l..\'|"|‘ A .‘HHUlII‘I‘ liidlior

 

All coiiiniuniciil.oiis «bout-I be addressed to the editor iliIIl
lliilhl be signed \‘aioes w.tl be withheld upon l't't|tti'n|
'l'iie S'I‘A'I'II i‘Iil.l. ,t l‘i Nl'IH'S‘ unnliliiert no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its i'oltlliitln or t'illlililtllili'iiliiiiin
.i.-. such expressions do not llt‘it'nhlll'lly reflect lln‘ \'II'W

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 28. I951

 

AMA-e9...

Reprinted from June 1950 tune of ESQUIRE

“This is Mr. Finizi'.

Copyright I950 by ESQUIRE, Inc.

He’s a wine taster”

 

14 Minded paapadd

_ By BURT

Ladies and gentlemen. it's an
election year again. My candidate,
though not endorsed by any popular
party, is willing to throw his hat
in the ring! He has by recent ac-
counts waged iinrelentless war on
no less than 94 . . . or was it 64 . . .
no! . .32 . . . at least 12 . . but on
closer look, 3 actual Communists
working right here in Washington.
My candidate feels so strongly on
this subject that only last week on
the Senate floor he publicly de-
nounced these traitors to otir great
country.

Look at the record you November
2nd voters! Hasn't he given you
facts and dates to identify these
Reds! Hasn't he furnished you ov-
erwhelming proof that the State

 

(landed in 74¢ 7%

By JEANNINE BURKE

 

The RPI Field House in Troy has
become an important center for cul-
tural interest and entertainment in
this area. They've featured artists
such as Billy Eckstinc and Frankie
Laine in the last year and started
off their fall season this year with
an ice show featuring Romberg's
“The Student Prince." 'l‘hese at-
tractions are in the past now. but
the best are yet to come.

Not only the students interested
in Forum will want to hear Senator
Estes Kefauvcr speak; his crime iii-
vestigiitions have piqued the inter-
est of the entire public, to say iiotii—
ing of the public enemies! He is
appearing, under the auspices of
the RPI Town Hall. iit the Field
House Sunday. September 30 at. 3
pm. General admission will be $1.20
with a few reserved seats at $1.80.

One of the nation‘s top song styl-
ists. Ella Fitzgerald. will appear at
the Field House in Norman ("iraiiz‘s
“Jazz at the Philharmonic," a. mu-
sical concert presenting the top
jazz insti'umeniaiists of the country.
including the brilliant drummer.
(icitc Krupii.

’i‘hesc two are oiiiy a few of the
_]tlZ7. artists who will be performing
for your pleasure on Wednesday.
October 3 at 8:30 phi. All seats
will be reserved iit $1.20. $1.80. till(l
$2.40.

The Albany Folk Dance. Society
is having an international Dinner
and Dance. Saturday evening Sep-
tember 29. The dinner will be serv—
ed by member. of the group in cos-
iiiiiic while recorded folk music
plays in the background. There will
be dancing for everyone alter the
iiieiii. 'i‘ickets for the entire eie-
lung are $2 00 The dinner starts iit
0:30 pm. and will be held in the
(ittll(l iliiii oi the (‘iiihedrai of All
Saints behind the State l‘ltllit'l'illtill-
iii Building.

.IABLON

 

Department harbors these starry—
eyed. but viscious Moscovites? And
hasn‘t “that man" protected them
by hiding. even burning their trai-
torous records? What more definite
proof exists than the fact that even
the President of the United States
is forced to whitewash this Secre-
tary of State.

Now look carefully at my candi-
date's personal record: his boyhood
esteem for Huey Long; his forceful
oratory; his spiritual nourishment
irom the Ten Commandments. Why.
my candidate will really put Ke-
l‘auver to work on something bigger
than dopesters and mobsters.

They may label my candidate's
war against the Reds. McCarthy-
ism. biit believe me. friends. history
books will make it synonymous with
Americanism.

So. if you feel as I do about the
next President. of these here United
States—Senator Joe McCarthy“
wear one of our campaign buttons:
"Students for McCarthy.“ Remem-
ber our motto is “Truth . . . Let It
F'ourish."

 

ﬂaming 0am the gate/th98

 

Reactions of moviegoers to the
picture "Take Care of My Little
Girl." a movie on college sorority
iile. was polled by the Associated
College Press. Minneapolis. Minne-
sota. A college senior. who iidi‘nit-
ted he was definitely anti—Greek,
remarked. “No. i‘m still convinced
the fraternity-sorority arrangement
is a good deal. it keeps those screw-
balls in one section of the campus."

Slightly fcd tip with the famous
journalistic adage that readers love
to see their names in print, the
Oklahoma Daily. University of Okin—
homii printed the following purit-
graph in a box iii the top of the
front page: "it is the fervent. wish
of the Daily to iiiiike all its readers
happy lllt‘i‘i‘ltil't‘, in compliance
with llll age-old demand. the Daily
is publishing today the name of
every student in the university,
I‘tiii'il."

'i‘he l“t‘tllitl't' ivtditors of the Mini-
liiiitiiii Quadrangle, newspaper of
the Miiiiiiiittiiii (Inilege of New York.
expressed the feelings of returning
college students everywhere when
they wrote: "Sunbnrns, the girl
across the lake. peeling noses, beiieh
iiirties. di'iift. i'cciiissiticiitions and
the summer routes to tilt abrupt
end. The ions inst just. so long. and
pretty soon now, we'll all take on
the gradual piillor of the student
living by the midnight oil rather
than it iiiil moon."

 

 

Coma-Sta!»

____._ By DUNN and PEENE

TIME FOR A CHANGE

Our Alumni Association was formed by Alumni
who were interested in helping the students here.
They have done an excellent job of providing housing
and other facilities for the kids here at State, but
this year there seems to be a foul-up in the adminiS-
tration of the organization. Three people that we
know about came back to school this year to find
that they had been removed from their jobs (which
they needed badly) with only a week's notice.

MORE REMINDERS

The Advanced Dramatics Lab would like to have it;
brought to the attention of all students that any-
one is welcome to try out for their plays. Casting
notices will be posted on the dramatics bulletin
board in Husted.

APOLOGY

There is no soccer game with RPI today as we
stated last week. The game is tomorrow at RPI—
about 1:30 pm.

EFFICIENCY?

If you want to sign up for a room at school it must
be cleared through Dean Stokes’ ofﬁce . . . but in
order to get a room at the Union you must ﬁrst
clear it with Miss Stokes and then Mrs. Hathaway.
Kefauver has nothing on us.

 

IF

You have your receipt you will be able to get your
student tax tickets Monday and Tuesday in Draper
rotunda.

STUDENT “ONION” DEFINITION

A Student Union is designed primarily as a social,
recreational. cultural and religious center for the
benefit of the whole student body.

Problem: How to organize said Union?

Solution: Student Council had a short three-hour
debate Wednesday and finally came up with what
seems to be the only feasible solution. We will try
to give you the bare essentials.

Next Monday representatives from all the Student
organizations- will meet at a pic—arranged place to
appoint the eight members of the new College Union
Board. The organizations have been broken up into
eight group headings: such as Publications (State
College News. Pedagogue, eth. Cultural Activities
tDramatics and Arts Council, Music Council) and
so on down the line. Each group will appoint one
representative and the eight who are appointed will
be the first Student Union Board.

We can‘t possibly put into words how important
this job Will be. Anyone looking for glory had better
look strictly elsewhere—this will be strictly work.
Also, those people who will be voting on Monday
must put a great deal of thought behind their choices.
They will be placing a monstrous job with it. lot of
iesponsibiiity on the shoulders of seven people.

Keep this in mind, kids—we‘ve had this "onion"
dumped in our laps and we asked for it. So let's see
if we can't cook it up right.

’l‘llE SEAMY SIDE . . .

We think it was not only a rniik breach of courtesy
but also a misplaced pride on the part of Student
Council not to have invited Mrs. Hathaway to give.
her ideas in their meeting or S. A. assembly.
After all. Mrs. Hathaway is director of the Student
Union even though we have the greater say. and
she has spent the last few months iicqiiiiinting her-
self with the organization of similar Unions all over
tl'ielcountry. We aren't all such deucediy clever or-
ganizers that we can‘t. accept it little advice and
guidance from someone who knows better than we

. . Piix Vobiscum.

FOR . . .

Any of the perennial gripers who feel they have
constructive and well informed criticism on adminis-
trative policies for it change. should make use of the
Suggestion Box near the S A. bulletin board in Hus-
ted. 'i‘hesc suggestions will be carefully considered by
the proper authorities. I ‘

HOW ABOUT . . .
A clock in the new Commons?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

I'IHIIAY. SI'II'T‘ICMIIICR 3’8

11:30 pin. French Club Reception in Richardson
Lounge.

ti pm. President's itcceptioii in llrubiicher tiiiil

Lounge

'l‘l‘l'lSlIAY, ()("l'tilllillt ‘l

Noon lted (‘ross in Room 101 Draper.

71:10 pm. Philosophy Club meeting iii. Boulevard
(inletci'iii.

WEDNESDAY. ()("l‘OIIICIt ll

Noon SCA Chapel in the l’resbytcriiui Church
on the corner of South Lake and Western

Avenue.
7:30 pm. Classical Club in Richardson Lounge.

ti pin.

SMILES board meeting iii. llrubiicber iliili.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 

 

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25. 1951

  WWMmmvaMWWli—i

 

PAGE I

 

French Scholar
Delivers Speech

Discusses Differences
Between Two Centuries

Addressing a special assembly of
students and faculty Thursday
morning. Andre Siegfried, French
scholar and statesman, presented
his views on the world of the nine-
teenth century as compared to that
of the twentieth. “We rely on Amer-
ica," he said. "to cure the bad of
the century and to continue the
good." Monsieur Siegfried was pre—
sented to the. assembly by Monsieur
Roger Seydoux, French Consul Gen-
era].

The soft-spoken Frenchman stat;-
cd that we are living in a totali-
tarian century and an administra-
tive age where liberalism has be-
come a doctrine. not a fact. and
where distance and its resulting se-
curity has become non—existant. In
contrast to the nineteenth century,
the world in which we live today
is unstable and has as its essence
the loss of individualism. “We must
defend the individual against the
collective tendency of the time," he
said.

in closing he warned against the
high organization which the ina-
chine age has brought, stressing
that the price we would pay for it
would be a (teeny in liberty and in
tiic individual. The success of the
twentieth century is doubtful. Mon—
sieur Siegfried said. because each
item of technical progress brings
with it a new unsolved social or
moral problem.

1 gaudy 070024102224”

l)l'. Mary liiiyes. Professor of Ed-
ucation. visited Iiaw'aii this summer.
l‘lll roiilc to the islands. she aitcnd«
ed the National Education Associa-
tion meeting in San Francisco. as
a delegate from New York State.

l)l'. David Hartley. Assistant Pro—
fessor of l‘:(llit‘tll.ll)il, attended a
workshop ill a teachers college on
the outskirts of li‘i'aiikt'ori. Ger-
many. in. iiarticy was invited by
the United States Office of Educa-
iioii to take part in the capacity
oi Vlkliliitl Expert. iikluciitioniil
i’gvchoiogy. and the possibility of
iliiitlitiit‘t' ill (lernmn schools were
the :iiiriccis under discussion.

in. Hayes and Dr. Hartley are
acting as consultants in a workshop
on Nursing iiducalion held this
week in Albany by the directors of
Nursing in’ducaiion in New York
State.

Mrs. ii‘rank (‘iirrino. instructor in
Speech. has returned from a leave
of ii.\i‘lit‘c taken in order to work
on her Doctorate in Speech. Mrs
(‘arrino was awarded the highest
honor in the graduate school. ii
’l‘ruehlood i“t‘llti\\'.\lii]) in Speech.

in. Paul it. i’etiit. instructor in
English has also rciurned after it
leave oi ill).~t'llt't‘ for :i tuibright zip-
poiiiliiiciit at Athens College. Alli-
cns, (ireece lir. l‘etiii traveled in
the Near likinl. iiiurope, Africa and
/\.\ltl upon completion of his ap—
poiiitliiciil.

iir. William iii. Vickcry. Profes-
:or oi (‘omminiitv Studies. taught
iiiiil’zl‘s lii l‘ltltlt'uliiili during the
.nnninici' :.c xlIIil tll iiiti'pcrs College.

Red Cross Unit Seeks
Student Membership

.-\.il :vliilltill'i iiili'i't‘:»lt'il in work-
iii ioi‘ t.. iii.l (‘io a unit of State
('tIllt‘31t' ..e lll\iit‘il to attend a
in.-etm lac .i.i.\ ill it‘ooin itil.
i)i'.ipci .il‘-'ill'tll|i'.'. to .\i;ii'.::ii'ct
:hntthe 'o'J. t‘iniii'iii.iii o! lit'il
(‘ro s This nicctnn; is open to all
:ippciiia .liitit

i‘he \.ii.o.i:. iield. ior \\lili'll the
indent. n .|\ 1"” liit'lii.li' the i:i‘.i\
Loin- l‘ii.'. s.iI-iv .‘-\\iiiitiiili:'. and
muse .- h inniiioii. lit ili‘|\lil’.
lltill til i i'iiep‘xhi 1-. iii the
Led i re: liapti'r lioust . :ii'e aim
open, .ii’i' : liil‘ lo i\li‘v- Sniythc

ii. i. lliriiiiicl 8i Son

l'liarniiieists
li'ouiided llltth I'Iione rl-fttlttii

I57 ('eiitriil Arc.

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

Sophs Serenade
Confused Frosh

“Climb up to your ivory tow-
er; it won’tl ast for more than
an hour.“ And it. didn’t! In fact,
it lasted only about five min-
lites.

Five minutes of bewildered
groping. “This can’t. be it!
Should we go back downstairs?"

“There‘s the window. It's
quicker!"

It shouldn’t happen. But it
did! An embarrassing portion
of ‘55 climbed the Richardson
stairs last Friday searching in
vain for the stage, Dr. Collins,
or anything that remotely re-
sembled an auditorium.

And where were the Sophs?
At the foot of the stairs, mind-
ing their own business. (They
swear they didn’t send them;
they only watched them go.)

Never mind, freshmen! It. will
be funny next year!

 

Commerce Class

To View Slides

’1 he class in Retail Store Opera-
tion will see a slide show presenta-
tion sponsored by Life magazine
today at 2:35 p. m. in Room 147.
lh'apci‘. according to Reno S.
Knouse. Professor of Merchandis-
ing. Mr. ’1‘. Cole Williams. New
York zone Manager for Life. mag-
azine. will present the film strip
entitled. “P'or Sales People Only."

The slide show presentation
shows how the whole business of
manufacturing a product and sell-
lllh ii to a consumer is vitally iii"—
i'cctcd by the degree of efficiency by
which sale. personnel fulfill their
job at. the point of sale. it. also
illustrates how useful product. in—
formation and effective selling
phrases t'.tll be obtained from mag-
azni.- llll\'t'l‘lii~illl‘_‘, and used to good
aivantagc at the stiles counter.

Seniors To Report
For 'Ped’ Pictures

:\i'."t‘l'tllll§: to Donald Puttcrman
'51. i<2;|:tor—in—Chicl‘ of the Pedago-
guc, members of the Senior class
only are to sign up to have their
ptii'it'ilils taken at tiic Hague Studio.
All iiiitcrniiy, sorority. and honor-
:ii'y pictures will be taken at it later
date by arrangcineni with ’i‘hcrcsa
l’oi'ta '52. Photography Editor of the
i’edagogue.

Scinors may sign up on the I'cti-
:ii-ogiie iiulietin Board in Lower
ili'apci‘ for October 3. 4. or 5 at the
hours indicated It is imperative
.tm. all Sx'n oi's have their pictures
taken on the assigned days. litre—
l‘.ili.'. litlill‘\ will be arranged for
tiio e unn'd» to register for utter-
noon appointments. Puttcrmiui has
stated.

All Seniors. Juniors. and Sopho-
mores who wish to work on the
stuff this year are requested to send
their name to Kathleen Cody '52.
l‘ei'sonnei isldiior of I’edagogiie.
l"l't‘.\‘liillt‘ii will be given 111] oppor-
iiiiiily to sign up on Activities Day.

Students To Don Thinking Cops Religious Club:
For Snack Bar Renaming Contest Slate Meetings,

Do you find yourself drowsing
over your studies? Have you devel-
oped an unusual thirst for cokes?
Is a ravenous appetite playing havoc
with your finances?

Gather round. this is for you.
To curb that drowsiness. 200 cups
of coffee, to satisfy that thirst. 100
large cokes. and to keep up with
those hunger pains. 5O luscious sun-
daes, all on the cuff.

You only need to do one thing.
Think-of a new name for the Snack
Bar in the Student Union. If you
take a fancy to “Dissipater's Den.“
write it 011 a piece of paper. sign
your name. trot down to the Snack
Bar, and drop it in the box on the
counter. I

This contest. under the sponsor-

Dunn Discloses

’SCAGS/ Plans

The State College Association for
Graduate Students will hold a
smoker Tuesday. October 9. from 4
to 6 p. m. in the Richardson Lounge.
according to Gerald Dunn. Gradu-
ate. temporary Chairman of
SCAGS. All graduate students and
'iiculty members interested in
Graduate activity are invited to at.-
tciid. according to Dunn.

’i‘his smoker will provide an op-
portunity for students to get ac—
(iiiiiiiiicd Lal'orc elections are held.
The purpose oi SCAGS is to provide
a. social program for graduate stu-
dents. This organization is open to
anyone who has paid graduate tax
and any intcrt'stcd faculty incin-
her who wishes to aid the students
in establishing a strong graduate
organization.

SMILES Organizes

Three New Committees

SMILES has established three
siiiiiitzne committees to co—ordinatc
its work diiriiin the following year.
according to Muriel lJessimoz ‘52.
President.

Mary Sweet  is in charge of
publicity. and Edmund Leigh '52. is
ill charge of over-ail planning Ruth
Mcrr. '52. will direct the member-
ship committee.

Another Board meeting will be
held Wednesday evening in Bru-
bachcr Hall at it p.m. Miss Dessi-
moz t'i"t‘.s all iioard members to
attend.

L. G. Balfour Co.

II‘RA’I‘ICRN I'I‘Y JEWELRY

 

Badges Iting‘s Steins
Jewelry Gifts It‘ll vors
Stationery Programs
(‘liib l’ins Keys
Medals Trophies

Write or Call
(‘AltL SORICNSICN
30 Murray Ave, Waterford. N Y.

'l‘eiphonc ’l‘roy Adams 82503

 

 

 

BOBIEVARD

Hill-7300 (‘I‘IN'l'ltA I. A YEN I‘ It}

SAVE 10 ‘7" — ()N root) co."rs — SAVE 10%

I‘IIONIC 5-l9l3
“MICE'I‘ AND lCA'l‘ AT THE llOlll."

.IIICAI. 'l‘lt‘ifltl’l‘h‘ —

CAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. 1'.
$5.50 li‘()It $5.00

 

 

75 State St.

 

Ytil‘ MAY S'l‘lid. |’i'lt(‘ll.~\Si‘I

STUDENT MEDICAL POLICY

\\' ri t e——-l ’Iioiie—See

ARTHUR R. KAPRER

(Located in Lower

lh'aper this week)

5-HT]

 

ihip of Thomas Smith. Manager
c. the Snack Bar, opens today with
me deadline Monday. October 8. All
State students may submit as many
entries as they wish. The winner,
to be announced in the October
izth issue of the State College
News, will receive ten dollars’ worth
of merchandise from the Snack
Bar amt a carton of Chesterfields
donated by the company‘s represen-
tative. Thomas Mitchell ’53.

On weekdays you have from 4 to 11
p. m. to indulge in cokcs. coffee and
the like. while on Fridays and Sat-
urdays the closing hour is midnight.
Starting this weekend sandwiches
w.ll be azlded to the menu.

Confusion will be eliminated if
everybody plays busboy. This means
getting a little extra exercise by
carrying dishes back to the counter.

Drag the dusty thinking caps
down from the closet shelf and start
pondering. Remember, for free iner-
chandisc. be wise

Finance Board Plans

Tax Card Distribution

Student Board of Finance mem-
bers will distribute Student Tax
Cards Monday and Tuesday. Joseph
tioian. AlulliO‘.’ of the Student Board
of Fulani c. states that the cards will
be issued in the Rotunda from 9
ant. to 3:30 pm.

All students must. present the re-
cciois that they received in the
Business Office on registration day
in oi‘dti‘ to obtain their cards. Stit—
dciii 'l‘iix Cards are necessary to ob-
tain literary publications and for
azimis-ion to sport events. dramatic
productions. and all other affairs
which benefit from the budget.

Engage Speakers

The religious clubs of State Col-
lege have announced their activi-
ties for the coming week. The agen-
da includes meetings and a variety
of speakers.

Eleanor Boice ‘54, Vice-President
of Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship, has stated a Bible study meet-
ing Friday. October 5, from 3:30 to
4:30 p. m. in Room 209, Draper Hall.
Students will discuss the topic.
"What Is God Like?”

SCA To Hold Chapel

The Student Christian Associa-
tion will hold Chapel in the Presby-
terian Church Wednesday noon, ac-
cording to Helen Pitcher ’52, Presi-
dent of SCA. The church is located
on the corner of South Lake and
Western Avenues.

Students who wish to be excused
from school during the Jewish New
Your Holiday are requested to see
Dr. Ralph E. Kenny, Professor of
Education. in Room 3, Richardson.
it has been announced by Dr. Evan
R. Collins. President of the College.
Absences during the holidays oi
Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur
will not count as cuts.

During the past summer a new
religious club. the Christian Scien-
tist Organization was officially rec-
ognized on campus. announces An-
drew Sim ‘54. President of CSO.
This recognition was extended by
the Board of Directors of the First
Church of Christ Scientist in Bos-
ton. Massachusetts.

Students and faculty members at
State College may subscribe to “The
Christian Science Monitor." an in-
ternational daily newspaper at re-
duced college rates.

 

 

It's ct fact that when you
type school work you fix it
in your memory much bot-
tor than when you write it
in long hand. That means
less time on home work,
better marks on exams.
And if you were a teacher,
with forty papers to cor-
rect, which would you pre-
fer—those in longhand or
those that were Corona-
typed?

 

-m

 

TERMS AS LOW AS

 an [it ltlitflilii'

// f7 mm - 464i! “if”
(135.4102! 6114414 465th Ghent 

 

Try the World’s Fan."
Portable yourself! Compare
the lighter, popplor touch
of its full-size office ma-
chine keyboard. You'll un-
derstand why typewriter
dealers have voted it but
by more than Mo to one.

$5450

 

 

