 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
         

  

PAC. I

Improvement . . .

Every year the students of State College find
something to criticize. A few people get the idea
and after sufficient conversation with others it
becomes the “thing” of the year. Although not en-
tirely unlike other years, Student Association Gov-
ernment has taken the back seat this year to be
replaced by State College Faculty.

One thing which results when a sufficient num-
ber of people “gripes”, whether it is always valid
or not, is that someone does something about it.
At the present time, the Education Department at
State College seems to be in the spotlight. Colum-
nist have voiced their opinions in the State College
News. .

Considering much of the criticism constructive,
the Education Department has appointed a commit-
tee composed of members of the Department and
four members of the student body to find out the
problems and to provide solutions for them. Through
the use of a confidential questionnaire containing
such questions as “How can the screening and
guidance of prospective teachers be made more ef-
fective?” and “What are the ways in which meth-
ods courses can be improved?” this group have
been able to compile a list of student and faculty
opinions and are now prepared to try and solve
the problems.

Some improvements have already taken place.
This semester a Milne class is being taught every-
day in Room 20 in order to provide opportunities
for the Sophomore education to observe the teach—
ing process and adolescent behavior. Student Guid—
ance counselors are now being offered the oppor-
tunity to go to an off-campus school and work for
a period of time as the counselor for the school.

Not only has the Education Department taken
steps toward the preparation of better teachers,
but the Teacher Placement Bureau Student Com-
mittee have taken steps along these lines. A ques—
tionnaire has been sent out to the 225 June grad-
uates of 1950 for their opinions in respect to their
professional training.

It is inevitable that students of State College
should be criticizing the faculty. The recent article
issue of Life Magazine devoted entirely to Edu-
cation and the Atlantic City Conference. where
educators declared that teacher training is failing
have aided in making them feel inadequate for the
profession.

Much of the criticism of our faculty is justifi-
able some of it is invalid. Changes can’t take place
over night. However. we hope the ideas do not
die in the committee room.

Is It Worth It? . . .

At last Wednesday's Student Council a sugges-
tion and report was made on the possibility of
taking out an insurance policy for students who
ride in cars when carrying on the activities of the
Student Association. One insurance policy which
could be obtained would cost approximately $25.
This would insure any car and any student who
was riding in it at the time of any accident while
carrying on the activities of SA. The other al-
ternative Would be for the owner of the cars to
increase their liability. This is impractical. it may
be worthwhile for Student Council to continue their
investigation. if cars are used enough to warrant
such a policy.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1918
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 23. 1951 No. 16

.‘II‘IIIIII'I' Illsll'ilinlor
Associated l'ollegltttie I’l‘i-ss l‘ollegiate Illge-d
'l'he undergraduate newspaper of [hit New York State t‘ol
logo for 'l'i-iichers; published every Friday of the t‘ollegi-
year by the NEWS llnard for the Sludt-nt Association
I’lioni-s. I“|'Il'/.l‘l. U litil'J; Wolfe. \ll IIZtlB: Milk. .3 tiilll \loni
horn of the NI'JWH staff may lll' l't'llt'lll‘ll Tiles-lit) and
\l'eilni-sday front 7 to II .‘lIi p III .II it bill?

MAI!" FEN'LEI. - — v - - - - - - I‘ltlIItIr-III-(‘Illt-l
HOLDII'; HWAII'I‘Z - < « - ~ - I'll-.“IIIIIIKIIIK I'Ltlltor
(ll-.It \I it Ill \ \ - - - - - - to».\|niinging Editor
E\'I'll.\ \ \ltll.l‘I'L - - - - ~ - I'Iililln ut‘lll‘IllIIN l-Idilor
I'.‘\I I. III I’IIHA,‘ » - - » - - ~ — Hpol‘ln I‘ltlliut'
llltl\'l‘.ltl.\ RI Ill.l(|\ - - (‘lreulntlon Altiuiiuer
.I\\I-; tlillli ‘ - » .\Ilvi-rtlnliig \Iiitiitger
.Hl‘l‘ll‘ll H “In » - « ~ Illiuliiims .‘llllllll‘tl'
('l‘i I'iIJA IIA'I'TIH'I'I - - - I‘IM'IIiiliui- I‘itlliol
NtDIIINI‘I t.\I(till.l. Armin-lilti- ludilot
\Il'TOIII.‘ EADI'L ANMH‘IIIIU Editor
OH.“ H H.\III‘II - 4\»MN‘Illlt' Editor

aw ._...

 

VOL. XXXV

 

 

 

All col iiiiltili‘iitlotn Hlilllll" bi- nildl'i-nsi-il to IIII' minor and
must f.-~ signed \.iiiic. wo. be withheld upon ri-iiuciit
'l'lii- Hl.\'ll‘3 till.l.lilil‘2 .\l'l\\.\ anninncs no It‘llItIINIIllIIl)
l‘or tillilllltllh l'.\|ll'i't~nl‘iI in nu llllllllllln or t'UIllIllllIll|’tlIllilI:<
as such expression-t do not llt't't'h‘iilll'lI) refit-ct its view

 

lh'Sl‘li EDITOR - - - - - - - - GRACE SMI'I‘II

 

«tr-um 9

 

 

 

ITATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23. 1981

. 4‘ y I
 . ”’£.o’
- f
I. '
u

r

l
o

O
C
9 a

 

 

O

'1... .

anaemia“ 0/

 

Shed a tear for the education de-
partment, they've had it. Prior to
the last exam period, there was the
usual lnquisitiveness concerning the
various finals in the many intriguing
education courses. The department.
with a twinkle in their eye, passed
on to the innocent students the in-
formation they so wanted. “Your
exam will be multiple choice with
a fifty-point bonus question" or I’m
only giving a two hour exam, two
hundred “True-False” and ten out
of twenty essay questions.” Un—
doubtedly you‘ve all seen these var-
ious types in the many years you
have spent bettering your “whole
person."

For your sake, I suggest we an-
alyze these tests with a view to
broadening and supplementing our
cultural and social backgrounds.
Also. I submit. that this article will
give you a more precise understand-
ing of the education courses. their
finals and the ultimate results.

Apparently. the professors feel
that there is one type of exam which
is most revealing of their students'
diverse abilities. This is the "BS.
exam" sometimes known as the “Be
Specific exam". You can always
recognize this one because the marks
on this appear in time with it met-
ronome which by the way was
swinging rather fast.)

A large group of students (mostly
English—Speech majorsi have a

 

7Mm’ In 71w 70am

 

While tunin' in Station T.O.W.N.
why not turn your dial to the Play-
house again? This time it‘s the Al-
bany Symphony Orchestra. which
will be performing there on March
4 at 8:30 p. m.

For those of you who enjoy clas-
sical tnusic and more particularly
Mendelssohn there will be a meet-
ing of the Mendelssohn Club on
March 7 at lleitl p. in. at Chancel-
lor's llull.

Speaking of Mendelssohn brings
us to his Spring Sotig. which leads
to thoughts of love and the Mar-
riage (iltltlunt't' talks being held at.
Slenu College every Wednesday at
8:15 p. tn. iiiitll April 11.

Ia‘l's switch to short wave for l
moment or at. least to foreign flit-
vor with Sasha (‘iorodnlsskl coli—
ductnig the ’l‘i'oy Clirotnutics on
March 12 at tlziltl p. tn. in the Tray
Music Hall.

Your school and community has
been tuiiln' lli Brotherhood all
Week. You've it good opportunity to
come ill on the same frequency by
attending the Brotherhood lecture
sponsored by the Youth (iroup ut.
the Madison Avenue Presbyterian
Churli. Sunday at if p. m.

 

Okay, Minnie. drop that spear.

By PETER HAWKINS

   

_,,_ ‘ . .
crouch and cover, the sneak is here.
Lois Prescott ‘51

:49 3604864 60w

 

 

metrical system worked out. It
works something like this: True
False False True . . . or False True
False False True . Others use
the Russian System: False False
False False False . . . In historical
circles. it is said only one student.
ever failed a “True-False" education
test. He was an obscure native nt-
tending a small teachers college in
the Belgian Congo. who after twen-
ty-fivc years of study graduated
"cum" in the year 233.

Every once in a while someone has
the audacity to give a “Fill—In"
exam. This one is a corkcr. 1. When
. ..at.....what.....if
. . . . because . . . . there. With the
many facts Just bulging at his fin-
ger-tips. the student eagerly fills
in the blanks. What could be easier?

The essay type question which is
not to be confused with the B. S.
exami is feared by the students.
For on this education exam all their
knowledge. formulas. facts. dates.
etc. must be brought into play. The
twenty-fifth question on one exam
was of this type. In its entirety,
it read. “Write an essay.“
Questions start out: “Discuss thor—
oughly . .  or Explain fully . , 
This exam is said to have a Russian
origin, however. the S.P.E.E. (So-
crcty for the Prevention of Educa-
tion Exams: hasn't unearthed ab—
solute proof. For some inexplicable
reason. the students here at State
tend to do very well on this type
of exam.

Then there is the perennial mul-
tiple-choice question. The students
like this one because they know
damned well that the answer is right.
there in front of them. A typical
question looks like this: N.Y.S,C.'l‘.
1:: a 1-I SPCA 2—1 new and more
horrible atomic bomb 3-) contrac-
tion for A'I‘OM BOMll~C[’t()UCH
ANI) COVER 4—) railroad. Oddly
tiiough. no one has ever flniiked this
type of exam for any other educa—
tion exam for that muttcrl.

There are certain groups who
(into on giving "’l‘rue-Fiilu'” exams.
The students revel in questions.
lilxiinl equipment has been known
to include coins uiid metrononies
besides the conventional stylus and
eraser. Anyone uinblliig through ed~
iiciitlon exam rooms is liable to see
a group flipping quarters which is
followed by all inaudible roar of fit—
tcrmg which in turn precedes the
scribbling of some meaningful syln~
hot oil their paper.

So you readily see that the stu-
dctits nist can't help but gorge
themselves with knowledge lll these
futhomlcss edilcutlon courses. No
wonder. I'ilSlt', Goddess of the Sacred
Cow. after glancing at :in educa-
tion exam. wlpcd her eyebrow and
exclaimed, “George.”

 

Gem-314m

By HARVEY MILK

——

 

The Oommon-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those o; the STATE COLLEGE
News.

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

This being my first column I was wondering how
to start . . . and I decided that each week it would
be a good idea, not only for you but for myself, if
I started it each week With a quote of the week—a la
Rev. Nielsen. And after I give you the weekly [110581ng.
I'll no doubt write a column to the contrary of tht.
quote. And to start off, think about this quote by Ibsen.
"The only man is the man who stands alone." It might
hurt.

MEN ‘2 ‘2 ?

The proposed R.O.T.C. program for State is being
hashed out not only by the administration, but also
by the entire student body—who seems to favor it.
It has been stated that one of the reasons why we
should have such a program at State is so that there
will be more men here; that the caliber of the men
will be higher; that they won‘t be bookworms
but somewhat more of a healthy specimen of a male.
Good. I‘m all for that . . . raising the standards of
the men at Stateﬂbut should we do it at the expense
of sacrificing the primary purpose of this institution.
We are to prepare teachers of our children. Can we
tell our children not to fight one another and then
send them to a class on correct battle tactics. We
tell them how war is bad and then we teach them from
a. militaristic point of View. Wouldn‘t it be better
if we raised our standards ourselves? Do we want
men or warriors?

LAUGH AND THE WORLD LAUGHS

I have been told that one fraternity on campus
has introduced a proposal in Inter-Fraternity Council
that there should be no negative rushing» or a line
will be imposed for any violation . . . It was laughed
right out of one frat house; I add my laugh
boys. practice what you preach!

OUR TEACHERS

Last week's article in the NEWS by Cohen and
Ventimigha was in my opinion the best this paper
has ever published . . . but like so many things around
here it will probably be forgotten or given to some
committee to investigate the situation and the ill
the hands of such a. committee. like other llltljti.‘
problems at State. Its basic point seemed so trite and
as George ﬂCl'lltll'd Shaw said. “Those who can‘t teach.
teach others to teach." Look at our faculty and you
can see how there is a need for improvement: u
hurts—but let's face the facts, our faculty does have
weak spots.

FIX

Although it hasn't hit State imay it never: the
present basketball fix is something we all shopld
think about. Would a basketball czar save flint sport
the way it savod baseball? Would the return (‘2' ol
the game to the college gym save the sport '2 Or should
we all sit back and forget about the. situation lllt'
way the Presidents of the New York City colleges dio
when the President of LIU called for a conference to
do something about the situation. Wrestling Iprofcs-
sionall may be a phony. bill at least we know fl.
and the fans aren‘t sold down the river. I’lowcvcr.
Just thinking about the situation will not help u . .
let‘s demand action . . ah! that Holy (tollni'.

STATE FAIR

Tonight would be. the fine opening for the annual
State Fair. The "Feds" will be seeking their third win
in a row . . . this time at. the expense of ()ncoiiizi
State. it would be a good idea to have State Fan
opened every year with a Friday night. game followed
by an informal dance and make the Fair fl wcckcno
affair.
(‘ROI'('I| t" ('OYER

and as Dr. Standing said after reading the 
bomb instructions . . . “l have Just one other sue-
gcslion while you fll't' illl on your hands and knccs
pray."

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. l"lt2llltl':\lt\' '31:
fluid—12.35 pm, Distribution of
111 Lounge,

I“|'ftlt'l'llll_\' tho

lt12ttl plil. ltiitlio ('iillllt'fl llrothi-rhood pio
gram oii WAIlY.

!J«ll::itl ll.lll. St A "(Tiipul's flop" m (‘ominon

7:30 pm. Basketball (lym. I’uizi- (lyni

SA'I‘I'HDAI'. li'lilltliNARY :I-l

ll:-l.'i il.lll ltiidio t‘ouncll llrofiiciliood pro
gram on Wl”l‘lt

Sl'NDAI’. li'I-IISIII'ARY '35

1t:tin pin. llatl'o (‘ouncll llrothcihood pio

grain on WAISY,

IIIIIl'I‘h‘I'A anort- lliiticc :i‘

Washington Avi-nui- H\lllli'lll‘,llt'

6—11 pm

MONII‘J'. l"l-1lilil'AR\’ "iii
if it ill ~l3 ﬁlo pnr lictnrn ot
Lounge.

l"i';itcrinf\ llids o

'I'I'I'ILIIAY. I’l'IIiIlI'ARY '37
liltl pm WAA-IM'A lltiskt-lbull (lami- in
Page.

’l‘ltl’ltSllAi’, lilAltt‘ll I
ll pm. Spanish Club meeting 111 l.ouni:t'

  

 

STATE COLLEGE NIWI.

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23. 1931

  

PACK 8

 

Educators View
Teacher Training
At Conference

Representatives of the nation’s
leading tenchers‘ colleges convened
to debate the question of how to im-
prove teaCher-preparation at the
annual session of the American As-
sociation of Colleges for Teacher
Education February 17. in Atlantic
City. Dr. Edward L. Cooper. Dr. Mil-
ton C. Olson, and Dr. Donald J.
Mulkerne, Professors of Com-
inercc. Dr. Donald Orton. Professor
of Education, and Dr. Evan R. Col-
lins. President of the College. serv-
ed as representatives for State Col-
lege.

Leaders in the field of education
presented various opinions for the
chaotic conditions now existing in
teacher-training. The main trouble
lies in the fact that there are too
many inefficient. teaching institu—
tions. The National Commission on
Teacher Education and Professional
Standards claimed that only a very
few of the teachers‘ colleges meet
the demands of teaching ethics and
qualify as good preparatory schools
for the teaching profession. Edu-
afors want colleges to meet definite
standards.

Educators Desire New System

Educators also suggested ii strong
system of accreditation and the set-
ting tip of national teaching stand-
ards to be enforced by state. lOcal.
aiid prof‘cssiona' organizations. Thus
teachers in each s itc would have to
meet similar professional qualifi—
cations.

Dr. Orton (‘omnients

Dr. Orton, Prof'tasor of Educa—
tion. declared. "That we would wel-
come that type of movement.
throughout the country in order to
strengthen t'(lllt'llllt)ll and the posi-
tion of our own institution." He
stated. "Some statcs do not require
any preparation for tcaehlng.”

Schultze Releases

Rivalry Schedule

The tentatnc schedule for second
semester Rivalry events has been
released by l-Iehnuth Schillth 
Chairman of thc Rivalry Committee.
The sophomore and freshman clas—
ses are continuing plans amt rc-
hciirsnh for their Big—4's under past
rules in lieu of definite rules which
are being formulated.

Rivalry swimming will take place
’lut-stliiy at 7.30 p. m. at Public
Hath Number Three. The men will
tomptfc iii l<‘rccs1ylc. Relay. Back—
stroke. Breaststroke. and Under—
\\itlt‘l' races. Women's events iii—
cludc t‘rnwl. Backstroke. Fret-style.
Sidi- :~ll'til{t'. and (‘iindlc races. Both
men's and women's events are worth
l\\o rl\uh'y points.

Men‘s and women's basketball
games lll‘.‘ scheduled lol' Wednes—
day, ’l‘ucsdiiy. and ’l‘hiirsday. March
1.13. am! 1:3. Each event will yield
three points to the class winning two
ollt of three games. Cheering will
count one pollit.

ltiizilry debate “'1” be held Fri-
day. March il in Assembly, on it
topic to be chosen by the sopho-
mores. ‘l‘iio points will be awarded
to Illt‘ \\llllllll,{ team.

Forum Chooses Board Member,-
Selects Elbow, Faculty Advisor

Forum has chosen luo ncw board
tin-nibi rs and llll\ sclectt-tl fir. Mat-
lllt'\\ l-Ilbou. .\.\‘l.\llllll Professor of
Hotlal Studies. its its :itli‘lsoi'. nc—
cortlinr'. to Walter ly'oblnson ‘bl.
Spi-aktr. The new members are
(ilf'll Al'lllllflLtt' 'n2 and Allan Youngs
'.i»l. 'l'hi- selection of Dr. ltllbow its
iltI\l‘\lll' marks the first llillt' llll' or»
::.ini/.;itioti has chosen it faculty :itl-
\l.‘d)l',

MABBH

“‘1” Manama: March 2. tom.

tl't‘ in vital lt'lx’ctl oli

 

llivt-ry Ilt'lll on the Mill' “1” be
:dilllt' items. Some items did not sell as rapidly as

we thought they would ()nr loss yoitri

St. Mary's Rehearse ’Bed-Lom'

 

Pictured above are Harry Warr '54. Earl Sipc '51. James Hughes '53
and John Smitliler '52 who will appear in St. Mary's Show tomorrow night.

Thespions To Don Berels, Specs
In Game With Women Athletes

Hear ye! Hear ye! The curtain
will rzsc promptly at 8:10 p. in.
Tuesday on "A Farce in Four Acts”
to be held in yonder Page Hall gym.
according to Martha Downey and
Phyllis Harris. Seniors and respec-
tive presidents of Dramatlcs and
Arts Council and Women‘s Athlet—
ic Association.

Sporting berats and dark glasses
the "arty set." will take the floor
against. the “Athletic ones" of

 

eamunioaﬂond

 

To the Editor:

A small white, plastic change
purse containing several items in-
cluding a stun of money is in the
Lost. 1% Found. and up to now re-
mains uncliiimcd. I am writing this
in hope that such a. notice will be
seen by the person who contacted
the chairman earlier last semester.
and whose name has been mis-
placed.

Upon contact with either l'lclcn
Huge] or myself. chairmen of the
Lost & Found. and identification of
the above art iclc. it. will be turned
over to the owner.

Sincerely.
Alice (‘olicii '53

To the Editor:

Alter \iewuu the coiisistcntly
poor ~lob of scheduling events fit
this ctillc.;t~ for a whole semester. 1
should lnnc cxpi-cIi-d that an equal—
ly haphazard :irr:iiiy.tcnicnt would be
made for this coming weekend. If
is my opinion that for things as
important as l‘iltllt‘ I":lll' and lt‘rnt-
ermly Ill;ltllllf.i. sonic arrangement
t'tillltl be made for separate wcckcnd
:t'lit‘.lllllll}i. I"l'.llt‘l‘lllllt‘.\‘ nl'c restrict—
cit this \car to two official rush
piirtln. at least two official parties.
'lhercfore it lot more hinges in the
balance lllln \vcckcnd than :i good
slit)“ by one group and a mediocre
the b' >onii- other. 'l'oo bud bids
.\.il he cut I’l'ltllli'.

l'nintcrestetl.

Gil-OP SALE

2. |95l

‘l‘o l'lllll space lllitl \tc llt't'tl bluily the (‘o-op will hold it one week

ti lntlgiiln We Will lttllllll flint we
him off March '1. lllfil.

\‘our (‘o-op

 

 

WAA Coach Cecil B. Downey's
team will be urged on by “Cheer-
n'atlcr“ Herbert Smith. Instructor
in English. while Agnes Futtcrcr.
Professor of English. will act. as
"\vat.cr-3_.irl“ and refresh the team
with It‘ll between the acts.

Couch Downey‘s charges will dress
appropriately. The girls will wear
short skirts and knee socks while
the boys will be attired in gym
shorts and long elasticized socks.
“Red Shoes" Donnelly will make
tremendous ballet leaps aided by
his ht-i'ibboiied flaming shoes.

The first cast. as submitted by
D in A will star besides “Red Shoes".
"Gypsy Rose“ Jai, “Marlene” Mag-
lncss. “Oliver” Shephard. "Ginger"
Newcombe, and "Farley" Hodge. The
iin.iiist;uiles are: "Broderick" Pitt'-
dy. "'l‘allulah“ Danzis. “Bing”
Smith. "Greta" Gazulis. "Clark"
todms. and "Basil" Vion.

The first string as released by
W.A.A. will be. composed of "Gravel
(lcrtic" Harris. "Hop-n-long" Hag-
gcl'ty. "Fatal" Fuller. “v.13. Plenty"
.lai. "lilrncst" Erdlc, and "Crawl-a-
long" Coykendall. W.A.A.'s aim will
be to ignore the sign adorning a
('(‘l'lfldl basket which says “D & A
Basket Keep Out."

Spanish Club To View
Film On Latin America

hit-zillitrs of Spanish Club will
conicnc in Ricliartlsoii Lounge,
'l'htuxday. at it p. “L. according to
Hilton {lion Til. President. The
program will feature color movies.

The films “1” depict travels
through Tilt-mm and Hoillh America.
Another email of the evening will
be the phiym- of Mexican Dance
must;- rct'orhngs. This group. of
\\l1ft'li fir. I‘ill\\'lll Munro. instruc-
tor ill :lp iiish. is advisor. will coli-
new in Spamin during the even-
ing.

 

Editorial Brands
Teachers 'Reds'

Standing out among a sheaf
of borrowed jokes on the SCAGS
bulletin board this week was an
editorial from the Times-Union
of February 15, 1951. Beside the
column, set in capitals and bold
face type, was a sheet intended
for comments.

The primary purpose of the
Hearst article seemed to be to
show that “many teachers and
professors, obviously lacking in
mental ability and moral in-
tegrity are essentially nothing
but Communists.” How these ill-
equipped persons became teach-
ers wasn't mentioned. State
grads. maybe ? ? ?

Comments ranged from, “Look
at the source!” to “It‘s loud.
but is it true?" and “I think it
is 0.K..". Most opinions seemed
to consider it “unenlightened”,
“Emotionalism” and one critic
labeled it “Sixth grade composi-
tion.”

Labeling teachers Communists
is too easy to do. in the factual
versus ' emotional approach.
Which have you?

Students Favor
New Honorary

At a poll taken in last week‘s As-
sembly the students gave their op-
inions in regard to honorary societ-
ies for women. The poll showed a
decided favor for the establishment
of an honorary education society for
women at State College. according
to Mary Frenzel, ‘51, Editor-in-Chicf

of the State College News.

in respect to the question of
whether there are enough opportu-
nities for women to join honorary
societies at, State College. a major-
ity of negative answers was given.
The results of the votes on the ques—
tion “Would you like to see an hon-
orary education society for women
established at. State College?" were
233 affirmative votes and 56 negative
votes by the women. The outcome
of the male vote was (ill in favor and
21 against the statement.

The investigation of an honorary
education society for women was
continued this year by Mary Eadc
'51. who replaced Shirley Wiltse
Dunn ‘50.

Porto To Distribute
College Handbook

Any person who has not received
a Freshman Handbook and desires
to do so may obtain his copy by
writing to Theresa Porta '52. Editor.
1. i'cugh strident mail. This applies
spc'it'ically to second semester
fl'cslnncn and transfers. Under the
new system of publishing 1200
handbooks for the entire student
body. any member of Student As—
sociation may reecIVe a copy and
will reccive one upon request. Gra-
duate students are not. included in
this category.

The Handbook is regularly dis-
tributed at the comnieneement of
the fall term. Since the number of
Handbooks printed has been doub-
led by Student. Association vote.
there are still a few copies left.

 

10% DISCOUNT T0
STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLIIE NOTE SHOP

156 Centml Ave. 62-0221

Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

     

  
   

 

/

' ll
‘ 1 ; . 
a ,qT

.\ .

 

Aim
@iW "6 allllte Slidenlsl‘lcet

. TBSMgwgtveélbanziﬂjn/Kwk

 

. I I . m
SWEETSIIOP

dorm DAILY AT 8A.M..

 

Juniors To Hold
Formal Weekend

Arrange Theatre Party,
Roller Skating Session

The Junior Class has disclosed
plans for its Junior Weekend which
will take place March 16th to the
18th. according to Harvey Robinson,
President of the Class of ’52. The
week end will consist of a roller
skating party. a theatre party. and
the Junior Prom Dance.

The weekend of activities will
commence with the roller skating
party Friday evening. March 16. and
Saturday afternoon. March 17. there
will be a theatre party at the Play-
house. In the evening from 10 p. m.
to 2 a. m.. the main event of the
week end. the Junior Prom, will
take place at the Shaker Ridge
Country Club. Music will be provid-
ed by Harry Vincent. his Trumpet
and his orchestra. The theme of the
Prom is “Alice in Wonderland.”

List Committee Heads

General Chairman for the Junior
Weekend is Florence Kloser '52.
Members of the Junior Class who
are fiends of the various commit-
tees includc: Theatre Party. Robert
Barron; Arrangements. Jacqueline
Coplon; Taxi Service. Charlotte Al—
ter; Tickets and programs, Evelyn
Kamkc; Decorations. Mary Buffo
and Joan Haggerty; Publicity. Mau-
reen Davis; Roller Skating Party.
Margaret Smythc.

Schedule (‘Iass Meeting

Robinson announces that a meet-
ing of the Junior Class will be held
Thursday in order to complete com-
mittee work for the Junior Week-
end. Moreover. there will be a cab-
inet meeting of the class Tuesday
noon in Room 111.

Council Presents

New Radio Show

A fifteen minute program of Vic
Damone has replaced the Evelyn
Knight Show. which goes on the air
at 6:45 p. m. on Sunday. This new
program will be broadast at 1:15
p. 111.. Sunday over WPTR and will
follow the usual form with one Ra-
dio Council member. Joseph Persico
'52. and different Radio Council try-
outs acting as announcers. accord-
ing to George Kline, ‘51. President
of Radio Council.

Music and a discussion of Broth-
erhood Week is scheduled for 8:30
p. in. t.oni.ht. on WABY with George
Kline and Donald Cohen. Seniors:
and Vasilike Pantelnkos ‘52. taking
part in the discussion. A dramatic
playlet. "The Seedling." is set for
tomorrow at 11:45 a. in. on WPTR.
Included in the cast are Ruth Liep-
inann and George Kline. Seniors.
Harold Smith, Thomas Hughes. and
Walter Goodell. Sophomores. Stu—
dent Chl'istian As ociation members.
Claramartlnt Brawn and Stuart
Gates. Seniors. will hold a discus-
sion on Brotherhood. Sunday. at
3:05 p. in. over station WABY.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portrait At Its Finest"
‘ ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s ‘

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment.

llll MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

