 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

PAOI O

STAT! COL

LIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23. 1931

 

D&A Alliliates
To Stage Finale
For Annual Fair

(Continued fromPage 1, Column 5i
Gamma Horse Races. Throughout
the State Fair area, members of Mys-
kania will pass, selling their Chinese
food.

The curtain will drop on the 1951
State Fair with the Finale present-
ed by the Dramatics and Arts Af-
filiates at 11 p. m. in Page Hall.
Directed by Edward Kyle ’52
and Richard Scott ’53, the show on
burlesque is entitled “The Bowery
Players.” Prizes will be awarded at
the end of the show. All entries of
organizations will be judged on or-
iginality, appropriateness, and ap-
pearance.

The judges are Dr. Townsend
Rich, Professor of English, Mrs.
Rich, and Miss Catherine Newbold,
Instructor in History.

Proceeds from the Fair will go to
a fund in which Big—4 proceeds are
also held. Freshmen women will re-
ceive 12:30 hours for the affair, ac-
cording to Joan Ahr, 51, President
of Residence Council, which is also
open to the general public as well
as the students.

_—

 
 

Stole Sororities

0M Mas/a 0W

 

lnduci Women

IOonttmied from Page 1, Column 1)

Maureen Fitzgerald. Mary lt‘i‘nsctlloi‘e,
.\lari.yiin l~‘rost. June llarrhigtoii, Mary
llei'li Johnson, li‘iorenee Klonowskl,
lleien Kosinskl. Fae .Mnl'rtir, Gertrude
Smith. L‘arol \‘an Woert. liriores Walk-
er. aiul Arlene Wallace.

’l‘liose \Vllllldl who joined llela Zeta
liie.1nle: Sella llei'lln. Shirley (‘alla-
nan. Virginia (‘erloe. I)lll‘lllll_\"Cllt'l‘ll-
biiu. .lnne lielVeeelilo, Ever,in lxaiusak.
itll'lltll'tl linw, Margaret Livingstone.
Mai-Lynn Meyers, Mary Murray, Milde-
llne l'uyne. (lrelclien l’l‘ell. (iweii l'res-
ton. Nancy ltoosa. Marilyn Sunnis.
(“arol Selirelner, Sylvia Senimler. Gladys
Smith. .loaiine \'an lililen, and llarliara
tilll llorne.

(‘onetnolng the list of freshmen who
joined sororities are those Women who
ivere pie..ng to PM lielta. it includes:
Audrey llurke, llni'bara (‘umber, Nor-
ma neltoos, .loA;\tlne lloyle, .liidllh
Dachau-Her. Doris l'hnens. Niila'le
(lreen. l"ill‘lll lltinsoii, Marilyn llarrls.
l"l'.lll('l‘ﬁ Hopkins. Kathleen llonse,
Mar ene Marionl, Shirley Neils, ltllhel
l’o l'soil, Karen l'rlntl.e, .lessle Raynor.
l‘ll'lrlllli‘lll lloeker, Jane Staples, liar-
hura Slempel, (‘orliiiie \‘alenll. Mar-
.il'li' Wells and l'alricia Zylko.

'l‘he list of nppereassmen who \vere
I'ortnally lni-tlaled into l's3l (lamina con-
sists of: .\lnl'_t‘:'i'cl l‘lll‘VlIl'llh', Marilyn

Smith. Juniors. and l’alrleia (lelirt Lil.
accordingr to
President.
iai.i:ition for
cording
llllll.

l.enoi'e (‘orcoran
l'lil llella also held l'ornnil
.Likl l‘apasli‘al '32, ill"

to Joyce llaring‘er, 'Til, l'i‘esi-

 

 

 

A fine program of contrasting
presntatlons was offered to the Ad-
vanced Dramatics au
day night. The first play, an Irish
tragedy, had several moments of
poignant pathos, especially after
the entrance of the keeners. but it
did not reach the high climatic
point it could have. This seemed to
be due to a partial misrepresenta-
tion of the mother's role. Although
Martha Downey appears incapable
of doing a poor job in any part she
undertakes, she made the mother

volume to indicate anger, Miss
Shafer allowed her voice to rise to

some humor.

Praise should go also to Ross
Federico. for his consistent cockney
accent and his slow, deliberate
movements which provided fine
contrast to the necessarily rapid ac-
tions of the other players. Florence
Kloser and the principals all seem-
ed too young for their parts.

The introduction of musical com-

Social Studies Society
Plans Evening Series

As a result of the success of its
recent Social Studies Evening, Pi
Gamma Mu, a national honorary

dience Tues- too high a pitch, thereby losing social science society, has formul-

lated plans to have a series of such
evenings. Michael Lamanna ’51,
President, has announced. These
evenings will be open to all social
studies enthusiasts. .
The next evening will be held in
March with the following commit-
tee in charge: Sally Dltmars, Na-
omi Schroeder, Lawrence Fanjoy,
and John Pheightal, Seniors. In or-
der that the date, time, place, and

more bitter and harsh in her strug- edies this year has been a pleasant topic of this evening may be de-

gle against the inevitable

would be likely for a woman who will be included in the agenda of demahdv the

than experience—something which I hope aided in accordance with popular

committee members

has suffered so deeply in the past. Advanced Dramatics plays in the request that all students interested

Georgina Maginess should be com-
plimented on her very effective sets
and lighting. which established a
mood of solemnity and bleakness
right from the beginning of the
play.

On the humorous side of the led-
ger, David Manly did a very com-
mendable job. Joyce Shaffer and Ed-
ward Kyle were effective in their
roles with their flippant actions.
rapid-fire delivery of dialogue, and
their amusing song and dance rou-
tine. At times, by increasing her

: BARB
YS conno '52

future.

Commuters Club Elects Historian,
Vice President, Three Treasurers

Historian for Commuters Club
chosen to replace Reta Lee White
'52, newly elected vice-president,
will be Beverly Dodge ’54. accord-
ing to Mary Maguire ’52, president.
Assistant treasurers appointed for
second semester are Thomas Gor-
man '52, Irene Cackowski ‘53 and
Donald Duclos '54.

attain-trivia-

inbuilt“.fulﬁlls

Y1§S...Comparc Chesterfield with the brand you’ve been
smoking. ..Opcn a pack  enjoy that milder Chesterfield aroma.

And—tobaccos that smell milder, smoke milder. So smoke
Chesterfields . . . they £113 smoke milder, and they’re the only cigarette
that combines MILDNlt‘SS Willi ﬂQ UNI’Llf/lS/lN'l' z’lI'V'l'lt‘Ii-YI’lS'I' 1‘.

   

in this program contact them im—
mediately through student mail.
The keynote of these Social Stud-
ies Evenings will be an informality
which will enable those attending
to freely discuss topics of current
interest. Each meeting will feature
two faculty members speaking on
a topic which has been previously
suggested by the committee mem—
bers and the faculty. Plans for these
evenings will also be assisted by
Forum members. who now hold their
meetings Thursday afternoons.

 

Luring!” l‘l)l. anlll 0. Hum 1...»... t .,

 

  
      
   
 
  

...,...,..¢,~C,_..— ..

7:7."r~—-.-——~or.,.

 

 

 

 

State College 

 

 

Dth EXHIBIT

I (If
i, .' A.

 wannasmr
’ "V IN name,

“so

l
r

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. MARCH 2.

VOL; Xxxv no. 11

1951

 

Dunn Releases
Pledging Results
Oi Frat Rushing

Campus Fraternities lnduct

Total Ol 97 Statesman

An announcement concerning ple-
dges to the various fraternities on
campus has been received from
James Dunn ’51, President of the
Inter-Fraternity Council. As a re-
sult of the pledging, 97 statesmen
have been inducted into fraternities.

’l‘liose pledged to Kappa lielln llliii
are: .\Ivin Ilrown, (‘liurles lilillon and
Walter (loodell, Sophomores. Also liir

eluded on [he list are: .loliii Allusio.
Richard lalley. .lanies lleiiiiell, |.eo
lleiinett. Leonard lilinlz, llobcrt llil-

good. Raymond l‘all. Alfred l‘lenieiilc.
ltoliert l‘i-ouibach, (‘Iiai‘les l‘nllen. Sal—
tiriio Il‘.\ll'ouse. Walter Ileekei', Ileiii'y
l"ll|i'l'll:it'll. William li‘loyd. James l-‘ox,

llouald Hans-low, llavid llardinier,
Frank (iiaiiniiotie, 'l'hotnas lluppey.
llenry |lul|_ Francis Kellin-lly, lioiialti
Kruu. .Io<ep|i Luce, .loseph l'ntriek.
\Vzlllt-l‘ lielillcl', litlllt'l'l lllVI-I‘s, Hays
lllllllll llobinsnn. Kurt lilih‘i'lllllllllll.

lliehard Shawls. .\ll'reil Shorl. Ilichai‘ll
Stanford. .\rtbur .N'ione. llai'old Taylor
and William Walker. freshmen.
EEl’ Pledges 16
l’it-Ilges l'lll\\'ll|'ll
‘-: lieorpe Scliaerll '3

l‘llill't‘ll l‘olll'l'
lib-nu lli'eiizel,

  

llalpli .li'l'\'l', and Harry l.a lli'ouge.
Sophomores, l‘liilip llilliiiu‘s, .iauies
liliss. .lolia t‘enti'a. .lolin Eldridge,
.lauies l-‘iiineii. .\lan llauson, Lynn
Lewis. l-‘raiicis llouei's. Kenneth Sit-v
ensoii, lieorue \\'oot|. John Young and
llouer Hyatt. l'ri-sbiiien.

Kappa I'm-la has pledged I-‘rerl llrii‘lle,
Alfred l‘:innon. llaniel Robinson. and

Morton t‘olien. Sophomores. tuber
pledues are: Martin l"liei'iiol'l'. 'l'lu-oiloi‘e
I'Isttis, lloualil Ferguson, Alfred Ilol
zinger. .lohti llatiery. Konrad \llli'l'.
It'raiilt Mayer. ||:iniel Meyer, l-‘retlei'iek
ll:ip]t. liolialtl lilll‘ss‘, lililil'l‘l Hussy-ll,
‘il'lll'L't' Sebal'fi-r, l\'eniielh Nv'li-miiitiak

er. llllillll' .\‘lin«ter. .\ruold Sinnh. ltob

erl Storm and lill‘lllll'll Sit-gel. l'resli
inen.

l7 Join SLS

The following niperelassiuen have

been pledged Io Sigma Lambda Sigma:
Kenneth Wooster '.'i'_’, limit-rick llilsin:
er, lillllulllll lie.\':tiiiolo, .Iaek Seltiruuii.
and Alan STYt'lth‘l', Sophomores, (ltlier
pledge members of SLS are: llalpli
Adams. llei'loii l‘ooiis. lionald Harrell.
Herald \louuo, William Quinn. James
'l'ltninpmn, Harry \\';Iri‘. Stanley lliiw
leti. l'aul \i'eiitlerlielt. Neil llrowu.
William Ix'Ii-iiilioiner and Henry iii-r
ll'lll, freshmen.

Newman, Hillel
Slate Activities

Newman Club and Hillel have an-
nounced their plans for the coming
Week. Included on the agenda are
a lecture. a meeting and a supper
party.

Newman Club, according to Ger-
ald Brophy '51. will hold its niiilh
lecture at Newman Hall, 'l‘hnrsday'
at 7:30 pm. Hencdiclion will pre-
cede the lecture and lhere will also
be a short business meeting to dis-
cuss final plans Ioi' the mission and
Communion breakfast.

[irophy has also announced that

the tirsl llllssliill held in litany years
will begin \\‘llll mass llelin: cele-

bi'uted ill the small (il‘t)liti at 7:30
a in. Friday. March ll.

According to ltarbnra Stein ‘i'il.
liillel has scheduled a supper party
and musical revue for (i pm. Sun—
day at lhe Federal Sli'eel Synago-
une. llolh the party and the revue
are sponsored by ll‘nul D‘i‘llh.
All students planning to allend are
asked to slllll up on the Hillel bulle-
ltlll board. ac 'ording to Miss Stein.

State Debaters Will Meet
With Vicinity Colleges

Debate (‘oitncll sent one team
consisting oi (‘lai'ence Sprint and
'l‘honnis (iodaai'd to debate both

sides ol lhe national question at
the lluivci'uin oi (‘onncclictil ’l‘our~
nununt today and tomorrow

Hlulc \\IH 111ch the following col-
leiu‘s at the tournament: Dartmouth
(‘tilli‘i:(‘, llnl‘\ui'd lllilvi‘l‘slly, Mushar-
chusells institute ol 'l‘eclnioloay,
Syracuse University. Yale Univer-
sity, and the University of Connec—
llt'ill.

Satirical Comic Operetta, lolonilte, Statg Beats

To Attack House Oi Parliament

Those persons present Friday and
Saturday, March 9 and 10. in Page
Hall Auditorium are in for a pleas-
ant surprise. “The Peer and the
Perl." better known as Gilbert and
Sullivan's “Iolanthe,” will be en-
acted on State‘s stage by members
of the Operetta class. The produc-
tion will get underway at 8:30 p. m.,
announces Dr. Charles F. Stokes and
Karl A. B. Peterson of the Music
Department.

The comic Operetta will satirizc
the House of Parliament, and will
feature delightful music, a fanciful
plot. soloists. chorus, and orchestra.
Those members of the cast appear-
ing on the stage frotn time to time
will pe piers, fairies, and an Arca-
dian Shepherd and Shepherdcss.

“Iolanthc” centers around the
story of a fairy named Iolanthe.
who. twenty-five years previous to
the action of the opcrctta. had com-

 

Pierce, Sayles
To Hold Formals
Tomorrow Night

Tomorrow night from 9 p. m. to
i a. m. Pierce and Sayles Residence
Halls will hold their animal formals.
A “Cnndyland” theme will predom-
inate at the Pierce Formal, while
Saylcs will feature a “Lotus Land“
theme.

Pirrcc‘s formal. to be held in the
Ingle Room, will be highlighted by
Bob Mnssey‘s orchestra, and dcco-
rations typical of a candyland
llicmc. Cut-outs of nine foot candy
slicks, ice cream cones, peppermint
sticks and lollipops will be scattered
throughout the dance hall. Coin—
mlttCe chairmen for the dance in-
clude: Decorations, Joan Bennett
‘53; Programs, Kathleen Cody '52.
and Refreshments, Arline Richbnrg
'54.

A crowning of the queen ccrc—
mony will take place, at 11 p. in.. by
Mary Frisk '51, last year's queen.
The queen will be chosen from
among nine candidates and her
court will consist of four attendants.
A grand march. lead by the queen
and her court. will follow the crown—
ing ceremony.

Saylcs Hall's formal will feature
the music of Don Burt and his or-
chestra. Chairmen of the affair in-
clude: Decorations. Barbara Plans
'53; and Programs, Mnric DcSevc ’53.

 

mitted the crime of marrying a
mortal. However, because of change
in the death sentence to life lin-
prisonment by the Queen of the
tables. Iolanthe is permitted to live,
provided she leave her husband
without explanation and never see
him again.

The plot becomes more interesting
as we learn that Iolanthe's son.
Stephen, has grown up as a shep-
h-erd, half fairy, half mortal. Audi~
encc interest is aroused when the
son frills in love with Phyllis, a
shephcrdess who is a ward. and who
returns his love. not knowing his
mixed origin.

Many various characters make up
the cast, including the comical Lord
Chancellor, and the typical soprano
lead portrayed by Phyllis. Charm is
the key-note in this rollicking oper-
ctta. and the delicate irony through-
out lhis satire is thoroughly in keep-
lilg‘ with the setting, those appear—
ing. on the stage, and the consistent
unreality of the plot.

A hilarious conclusion accents
this biting comedy, as a simple in-
scrlion in the letter of the law solves
all difficulties.

Local Book Shop
To Laud Hopkins

A Slate College Faculty member
will be guest. ()1 honor at a book
party at the John Mistletoe Book-
shop. Tuesday, from 4:30 pm. to 5:30
pm. and 7:30 pm. to 9:30 pin, to
celebrate the publication by the Har-
vard Uiiiv:‘i‘sil.y Press of Snircs of
Form. a book about Emerson‘s cs-
thclic theory written by Dr. Vivian
C. H. Hopkins, Assistant Professor
of English. Dr. Hopkins (lid work
with the Emerson iminuscripts at
the Houuhlon Libnrai'y of Harvard
University while on a sabbatical
leave during 1948-49. She had an
American Association of University
Women fellowship to assist. her with
this work.

Dr. Hopkins‘ extensive and thor-
ough knowledge of Emerson and his
works is well known to Stale College
students, especially students who
have slndided Emerson in Dr. Hop-
kins' American Literature classes.
Spires of Form will. therefore, be
of particular interest to this group.

The. book party will be open to
students of State College as well
the Faculty.

 

Agenda Includes Financial Motion,
Amendments, Skit For Assembly

Al. the Student Council meeting
held Wednesday night on appro-
priation for the Varsity Howling

Team was considered, the proposed
niticlidnieiils to the constitution were
discussed and lhe assembly sched-
ule was set up for the remainder
oi the semester, A comnnllee was
nppomled for the lll\'l‘.\llL!lllliill ol
the signing a. new ring contract. A
inolion was pussed lo investigate the
methods used to tiiiatice the char-
lers ltil' the honorary societies on
campus.

included lor today's assembly is
a program sponsored by l’rmiei'
presenting the interpretation of
some of the articles [until in the
book this year. An appropriation
lll til-ill requested by llll‘ lio\\'llin'.
'l‘eum lll order lhal they may parli-
cipale ill the Stale liowliiL: 'l‘om'-
nainciil will also be on the assent-
l)l_\ toxemia l“llltllly', the proposed
nlin‘lldtnellls to the Hludent Associ—
alton (‘oibslllltlloil will be consid—
ered.

'l‘hc (‘onminlee uppolnled to ill-
\‘colniiili' the possibility ol signing
a l'llly; contract is t'olllposcd ol Wil—
liam Illnglehnrt 'fil, Chalrnuin;

 

 

an the four class Presidents. Hel-
nnilli Schultze ‘5], Harvey Robin-
son ‘53. Peter Teller '53 and Al—
fred Clemente '54. Raymond Cull
'."i~l. Student (‘ouiicil member. will
also be a member of the Committee.
'l‘homns (Iodwurd “ft-i spoke on the
possibility of bringing a debate
Honorary Society lo the campus
nil.l i‘cqncslcd pcl‘iiiiss‘ioii lo lise
$25 of lhe Debate (‘onncll lllllltli‘l
lll order lo linuncc lhe clitll‘lcl', Sill~
deiil (‘oltiii‘ll voted lo Investigate
the previous methods used by the
ollier honorary societies in l'nmnc-
my; llu-ir charters before making a
decision.

In the eslublishmein of the as-
sembly programs for second semes—
[er a iiiolion was passed to elimin-
ate the rnali‘y debate scheduled ltil‘
March it. The date for the event
\\lll be posted on the Senior elth
llullelin lloai'd.

l’t‘li‘i‘ 'l‘cll'ct‘. its newly elci‘icd
Sophomore l’i'esldcnl. has been ap-
pointed to report those individuals
who are out of tlielr assembly seats
because of ainiouncenienls. All per~

Mills nt‘e i'coni‘slctl to conflict 'l‘el- 'J-ll
states that both students and fuc— a Community Center. Rel‘reslnnonls
ully are. invited to attend.

l‘ei' by 1:! noon the. day of the. as-
sembly.

 

Sloie Open Houses

sororities and fraternities are three
open houses to be held by Kappa
Delta
Epsilon Phi as released by lhelr re-
speelivc
Kathryn
Skolnick. Seniors. 'l‘he pledging of college and high school students.
Joan liolz '54 to Air] l’hl ’l‘uesday,

ll‘t‘bl'lllll‘y :10 was also anoniiced by Meeting Of Honorary Socieii”
Miss

house
while Aid
house tomorrow night front azao to at

vilnllon ltll’ its open house has been evening at it
extended for Sunday. March 11. from College Lounge according to Arthur
3 to it p. in. The house is located at

Harpur College
In Closing Minutes, 53-49

Pandemonium broke loose as “Hiram” Walker dropped
in a one-handed push shot to break a 45-45 tie and give Al-
bany the lead which they never lost as they beat the Co-
lonials from Harpur College 53-49 before a packed house in
Page Hall, Wednesday night.

A minute and a half freeze gave State their fifth win
of the year in a game that saw the score change hands seven
times before the final buzzer sounded. Tonight the Feds will“
try to win their final home game of the year at the expense
8f Geneseo State; they will close the season Wednesday at

neonta.

Elizabeihons Star
In Jonson Masque

George Washington was forced
to take. a back seat on his birth-
day to Queen Elizabeth, the Earl
of Essex, Sir Thomas More, Fal-
staff. Dame Quickly; Francis
Bacon and other famous charac-
ters of fact and fiction. The ga-
thering of such notable person-
agcs was prompted by an Eli-
zabctlianized English Evening.

The theme was carried out by
the rendition of several selec-
tions on the recorder, a Seven-
teenth Century musical instru-
ment. by members of the Russell
Sage Faculty and Dr. Louise
Tone of the State College Fac-
ulty: the presentation of is Ben
Jonson masque by Marjorie
Smith and Dr. Vivian C. [lop-
kins; and an Interlude from
Midsummer Night’s Dream di-
rected by Bob Donnelly.

An air of mystery was added to
the evening when the group was
served a steaming potion from
the Wassail Bowl. Seems that
only the concoctch and the Eli-

Sparked by Bob Brown, who play-
ed his best game of the year, the
Feds took an early 17-10 lead only
to see Geno Kobylarz, hivh scorer
for the visiting Green and White, hit
with several push shots to tie the
game at 22-22. Bob Tabor hooked in
a shot that started State on a scor-
ing punch which lasted until
half time. At that point in the game
the victors were ahead 31-27.

The second half started and it
took six inlnutes and thirty sec-
onds before State could score from
the field; it wasn't until 3 minutes
later that they scored their second
field goal in the final half. At that
point State was trailing by four
points. The last ten minutes then
made up for any lack of action
(hiring the start of the second half.
Zongrone scol'cd to tie the game
at 41-41 and Evens and Picciano
both hit for Harpur to give the lead
back to the visitors. It was here
that Fallek tossed in one of his
one-ltanders and Walker scored to
give State the lead in the waning
minutes. Walker added a foul shot
and Zongrone made a two-pointer
to give State a five point lead with
four minutes left. Rubenzoble and
Feltcr scored a lay-tip and foul to
cut the lead, and Leney‘s foul clos-
ed the gape to 50—49 when Carter
and Tabor scored the final points
of the game with two minutes re-

 

the February edition of the
School Press Review on article sub-
mitted and written by Norine Car-
gill. Grace Smith and Victoria. Eade,
Junior Editors of the State College
News, was. published. The article. en-
titled "Aiming for the Best," includ-
ed advice for college and high school
publications.

The problems of newspaper writ-
ing. the composition of a good news
story, the techniques of news cover-
age and the headlines of a news-
paper were. discussed in the story.
It also included the opinions of the
Junior Editors and the pertinent
problems of the News.

The School Press Review is pub-
lished by the Columbia Scholastic
Press Association of which the News
is a member. The Association has
given our college newspaper a first
class rating for teacher's colleges
in the Eastern United Slates. The

James Dunn. articles contained in the School
and Charlotte Press Review were written by bolli

zabetlians know what it is, but
ESA Delegates 
week 's program for the game featur—
TO   ed pictures and stories about the
freshmen stars. Walker and Zon-
The delegates to the Eastern value, to the team as thcv teamed
StillCS ASSOClﬂthII Conference, to be up with Brown [.0 share the spot-
5-7, will be Edwin Kurlnnder. and (Combined on Pa, 6 3 00mm
Ruth Llepmann, Seniors. Theresa g ’ "1’
id Manly ‘52 was chosen as an al-  Ed'
iernatc, but will attend the confer- 
the Faculty delegate.
In order to present the true views In
will run a poll in assembly next
week to determine how State Col-
tions may be promoted among stu-
dents and between college and com-
be developed upon hninim relu-
llons in professional education. and
dents to develop and maintain a
constructive outlook in the face of

'twas quite delicious.
It was more then fitting that this
grone; they once again proved their
held in New York City from April light; in stapets victory.
Porto and Daniel Joy. Juniors. Dav—
cncc. Dr. Kenneth Frasure, Assist- . .
ant Professor of Education, will be  
of the student body, the delegates
legc students believe better rela-
mnnity life. how more emphasis may
finally. how college may help slu-
pi‘esenl. day tensions.

Campus Sororities

included in the agenda of the

Rho, llela Zeta and Alpha
l’i'esit’lenls,

l.oucks,

Skolnick.

llcla Zelu has scheduled lls open
tonight from ii lo 1‘: pin,
l’lll will hold its open

To Feature Vickery As Speaker

Dr. William Vickei'y, Professor of
lnlercnllnral Education will speak
a joint meeting of Kappa Phi
Kappa and Siiznum Landls 'l‘nesdny
PM, in the State

“.3 p. m. The Kappa Delta llho in—

l’clei‘si‘lt '50.

Manning lloulevard and Dunn llis topic will be “The School as

will be served.

 

