 

 

 

 

 

 

PACI C.

Registrar Lists Honor Students

“(3,? Martina spe‘ngeﬁ’aoiﬁmrdgiv ion Iii-iii. Robert Berkhoier, Edward
Stung“ Eugene Sullivan 'Golme Bren: lionaliue, Jennie Bone. Irene ’Brezlnsky.
um. 86W”: Jeanette ire,“ mam...” Marilyn Burke, ltruce Campbell. Caitli‘
’l‘reacY. Lilli’an Vyselirad, Riciinrd Wat- ""ll"! Cll-‘l‘lulll‘h Mlll‘i’ “Utrcctrtl. Alive

 

oiieii. Lois l’hmklioili'. Rae Dionne,

 

   

lTATI..COLI-IGI=NIWIo FRIDAY. MARCH 9. 1951

Music Council Reviews Past Productions, 0.” presidents
Forecasts Presentations For lLongliairs’

By BARBARA PEACE

Tonight at 8:30 in Page Hall, the fa ‘
_ mous attists as Milton Cross. the
efforts 0‘ many Mus“: council mem Trapp Family Singers, and the from the Shaker Ridge Country

Slate Activities

A system of transportation to and

 

Council has brought to State such

s‘on. Natalie Weinsteln, Audrey Weller. ‘.‘ a _ ‘ .1 .. v ..
i\(iiil lullLr. \li’ieil (J(.I'Hi’.llldlil, \Vallti berg will reach the culminating point Bach Aria Group. Looking to the fu_ Club for the night of the Junior

Paul westmn’ Dav“ wetherhy‘ Al‘ (:oodell, Helen iliigel. William Haw- with the ﬁrst presentation of lo-

bert Zimmerman. Edward Stearna.

mulot “’52 Marion Howard, lvi [irlaiieiu

Betty Alien Rtibv Anderson, Jess
. V ' .‘ . 1, Also Margaret Jackson, Priscilla Those participating in the Operetta
Barnu' bun“ mmkm‘mn‘ Jon" “0m Jones. lIenry Iiiiazcwski. Michael lia- are enrolled throughout; the year in hopes to present two Operettas'

kins. Illiiili Herskowita, Marlon Iiorn. ,
lanthe, this years spring Operetta Spring Concert on May 11 and

ture, Music Council will sponsor the prom was agreed upon, at a meeting
of the Junior class cabinet, accord-
uTrial By Jury" by Gilbert and sup ing to Harvey Robinson, President.

wick. Doris Brody, Donald Brooks. H l . , . .. _ H I
Miiiin. Josiph liombaidi. slililcy Loni. the Operetta Class and spend much “van and Kurt wen’s “Down m the Alfred Clemente Presment of the
‘ i

mchum Buck’ I‘M (’"rpenmr' mu" .loyd Loop, Ruth Lovelace, Ann Mc-

inond Cliainplin. James Coles. Jacqui“ . p” .l. ,H n _ _ of their time workm on this 1.0_ H
iiougail. “(.illlltl Mistii. llaibaia 8 P Valley next year, and also to bring freshman class, has released the

line Coplon Beverly Cowles. Kathryn ‘

' . . , . Mendoza. Ilotlty Moody. Hill‘illll 510‘“ duction.
Dundo' “lumen Dmm' Angl‘um' m lezer, 'i‘ina Nicastro. lleli-n Osborne,
Donovan, Elizabeth

Robinson, Lucille ilouller. Walter

Rubbii. Lorraine Doiroa, Kathleen _ , ‘ , | Music Council’s activities, how-
mnch' Gum” "L‘lliilll l'elper. Phyllis l’inny, lianlii ever. do not Stop with this preserk in 1948, back to the college.

the Don Cossacks who were here name of the director of the “Big 4"

Affording an opportunity for stu- and the tmﬂv 0f the new script

Firth. Warren Gibson. Marion (iorskle. 1. i I. ‘ , H i ‘ u .
helmcller. IAi‘wiili‘i bliiiiiinii, Jillllti. tation. In the past thiee years the dent music lovers to hear their fa_ chosen.

‘ , V . . ‘ , ,.. v. ‘
(Jim-1N ('runelﬂon' “Hm ﬁlmy!“ Hillliil. ’i‘lioiiiils Soiilc. Rock Spencer.

 

.I)or0thy Hartmann. Jeanne times. “will.” smlmmq. “mm,” mm”. “(h

“3.1:?” L ‘3‘.’.‘§.{,‘;{fngf“may..B""}$}...;l;;$.; lures Sl‘ocker. Ann‘ stat-gas. Aiii'i‘ettc which first semester grades are au- 501-5 3 Recording Hour each Tuesday
Evelyn Knapp. Roslyn Lacks. Donald SYN-“‘0‘” I’m?” 'li‘ll"'1“‘ :‘ill'i'i‘, 1m" tomatlcally deferred to June and noon. These programs include clas-

llt'l. (Illilol'i’. “llililllllll. Laiol “iiniler- who have attained an average of 81631. sembpopular, and popular
“B” in all other subjects are as f01- music as requested by the students.

. , v, 1: - , ,
[1:33:25 ‘33:“? §l:,l.l.lililvnDu£ {fwlﬁ'm inﬁll“ see. lleleue Linnaernnin. Murray liwe‘
Lindberg, Rita Madison. Beatrice Mti- 1'5"“ “M I
gee, Mary Maguire, Eva Manteny. Stan- (' ,“f‘”. "f l I ‘ lows.
ley May. Margaret Meyer. Viola Myles. 10'0"" “J‘m'v ‘ 'l‘m" HUI/H L"? H“ Claim of Him
mm". NM", Kmumth 0......“ “rm... Button. Lucille (arellii. Barbara >(.ar-
Parrette. iielen I’a'tloii. Mary I’ryor. ‘ ' , ,
Anita Racine. Shirley Ripley, Evelyn “"l't‘” (“""hm‘hv ['{mk'm “"“f'v 5.01" “Winner.
Rudeslieini. Donald Russell. Marion "l" llt‘lllitlﬂ. .‘Wrrlc liiiflenl. liavn liuI" Claim of i052
Rum Dnmthy Sci...“V NM...” Schlwnlcr' man, Enid lllll'lllllil. David (.ardlnier.
Shirley Servica. Jeanne Sterilillll‘, I‘llilllllt‘
Sliuiniansk', Evelyn .‘ior, Roiert ‘ ‘ ‘, ‘ I ' .
Smitli, \Vl’ll‘ll Smith, Rita Siaiiger. "m1" I‘M'rmlg“; Mm‘“ “('(“W‘M‘v 31"" ginia Maurer. iii-.i-n l'ilclicr,
Sonia Stepluinlaii, Jolin Stevenson, Mar- “'3'” M'“""'v “mmfl‘. M‘fl'l'ls'”" will'l‘w Smith. Henry Smith.
celine Stievc. Eleanor 'l‘wuedie. Beverly M‘m-‘t' 'l'm‘" “I‘m-"‘- l“”‘“" I‘lllllluv (flavor or 105:;
w"de “0m wmm’ My”... wnnunm Rona-iii Rouss. Arlene Iiiclibiii'g. hylvla
Thom“; Yule ‘ Sciiimler. li‘raiili Shepard. Arnold “Wu.” mum”.
Ch“... of [953' Sllliill. Al'iillll‘ 'l‘tlili'll. ALVCU \VIIlIl- flung, of “’1”

Vincent Aceto, Douglas Adamsons.
l’iiirlck. i’iiiil

Marjorie Alguirc. li'lgenia Allferls. “"‘v'L
Mniielon Avalione. Edna Balsliaii. Miir- Students enrolled in courses in Widawsky.

\\'ciiileriicli.

 

     

 

O

PH'YlLiS SCHULTZ '5
. WAYNE UNiV.

 

     
     
           

 

Sara llaiizls, Sara Dobbins. floss Veil-

llm'ls Hum-n. "WW." “1'”. “HZMN’HI erlei Jane iliitt.'l‘liouuis lioliiiiin..lani~ .
“‘"W'l'. “MW” -l"l“‘""“i “50 Kmmi Miniiklcr Jennings. Edward Kyle. \'lr- Temher» duo'pianlsmy Who Will 3p-

THE STRAIGHT FACTS ON CIGARETTES

     
 
    
    
 
 
    
         
   
          
           
      
   
    
      
 
        
      
 
      
    
     
       
        
  

 
 

   
   
 
     
       
    
    
     
     
     
 
  
  

vorite artists, Music Council spon-
According to Robinson. seven-

passenger Cadillacs with chauffeurs
will be available to transport stu-
dents to the prom at a low cost.

The Council also cooperates with
the Albany Civic Music Group and Juﬁgyﬁgﬁnifﬂl‘bghgggegl 3226:?

ill". I ‘li t‘ ii iii. li‘.'lill ‘r S- fi AI 1 (' irsii. _
nor. Irene L‘m‘sei'liicli. Ann (.‘oluiube. wlmllﬂh.“ IIHIAHI EM“. Hanna": I ( is often asked to fumish ushers for my today and elections Wm be
‘ F

l-liigeni-
vaiious civic concerts. Council mem- held m assembly Friday, March 16.

bers will serve in this capacity for
, , Absentee nominations will be taken
peifmmance of Ferrante and outside the Commons.

Franklin pear in Albany on April 5. “Two Moons” by Barbara Carner
Far from being concerned merely and Barbara Slca. fl‘eShmen. has
with college musical enterprises, Mu- been chosen by the frosh for their

Anna ('lil‘lsilliilllll. Mary .\i:icl-‘arland. . I _
310 Council is a member of the Al- “Big 4". Nancy Roosa Will replace

bany League of Arts and cooperates Richard Averson as director, and

'lr . “'li “1" Y "4- '.‘ i v .- .‘.- -. . . , .
“H‘m' “m” “""n‘ ‘ H“ “u” N” “""m' “WM-m “""" ""“N' With this group in clearing dates Patricia Dean Will act as Coordina-

.\rliiui' .
for local performances. tor of Committees.

fox WI]

PROOF of
MILDNESS

"When I apply the standard
tobacco growers' test to

cigarettes I Find Chesterfield
is the one that smells milder

Statement by hundreds of
Prominent Tobacco Growers

PROOF of

NO UNPLEASANT
AFTER-TASTE

"Chesterfield is the only
cigarette in which members
of our taste panel Found
no unpleasant after-taste."

From the report of a well-known
industrial Research Organization
LEADING SELLER

IN AMERICA'S

COLLEGES

  

      
  

 

 

J

‘ ‘.,.. .4 

..mw-myrmmrmmwu-mmwmmmr <

swag—um";

 
  

 

State College

 

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. MARCH 16. 1951

VOL. XXXV NO. ID

lice in Wonderland' Theme Will Highlight
Junior Formal At Shaker Ridge Country Club

 

AD To Stage
Final Productions

Program Will Feature
Three Sketches, Drama

The Advanced Dramatics class
will present three blackout sketches
directed by Donald Puttcrman ’52,
and a drama under the direction of
Dorothea Harding ’52, Tuesday eve—
ning. as its final dramatic oflei'ing'
of the school year. The productions
will be held in Page Hall at 8:30
pm.

The cast of Miss Harding's play,
a sea drama. includes: Henry Smith.
David Shepard, Jolin Smitlilci', Rob-
ert Donnelly. Harry Scott. and La-
mont Sanders, Juniors; and John
Laing and Stanley Howlett. fresh-
men. Tlie committees consist of the
following: Sets. Dorothea Simona;
Lights. Edward Kyle; Makc-up.
Thomas Holman; Costumes. Flor-
ence Kloser; Publicity, Ross Feder-
ico; Props. Patricia Graff; and
House. David Manley. Juniors.

Attempting a new experiment in
the theatre, Putterman has direct-
ed tiii‘ee blackout sketches. The first
skit. a story of the Old South iii-
cludes: Edward Stcarns and Patri-
cia Grail". Seniors; Daniel Joy and
Roslyn Lacks. Juniors; Richard
Scott. and Thomas Smile. Sopho—
mores; and Harry Warr ‘54. For his
second sketch. which is set in an
insane asylum. Puttcrmnn has chos-
on the following cast: George Kline
'51; and Sarah Danzis and Henry
Smith, Juniors. The filial presenta-
tion takes place on a boat off the
coast, of Maine. The cast includes:
Edward Stcnrns '51; and Robert.
Hughes and Francis Hodge. Sopho-
morcs.

The committee heads for the plays
include: Sets. Joyce Shafcr: Props,
Sarah Danzis; Costumes, Robert
Donni-lly; Makeup. Edward Kyle;
Lights. Florence Klosor; Publicity.
Georgina Magincss; and House.
David Manley. Juniors.

Mc llwaine Sets
Contest Deadline

The annual competition for the
Leah 1..ovenhcim 1)l‘iY.i‘s in English
composition is now open to all un-
dci'gi'aduates. Prizes include $12.50
for the best poem and $12.50 for
lllc best short, story; each student
being permitted to submit one paper
for each division. The selections
have no restrictions with regard to
length.

The deadline for the entries is
Monday. May 7. and Dr. Shields
Mcllwainc. Professor of English.
Richardson 24. is the recipient. The
papers are to bc prepared in the
following manner: type double
space; sign with pscudonym; write
pseudonym nsrd. your mono. and
title of inanusri'ipt on slip of paper
an.l place in sealed cnvclope; clip
envelope to the paper. and Sill)lllll
the colnplclctl entry to in. Mell-
wainc.

Dr. l"l‘1lllt'(‘s Colby. Insli'uclor in
English. will judge the poetry and
Perry Westbrook, lnstruclor in
English. will determine the short
story winner The l.cnli liovcnlu'nn
prize story of 1050 was “Il'illct‘n
Days" by Paullnc l’ali'ick as printed
in lllt' last issuc of the I’rimrr,

Students who have nol picked up
their edition of the l'i'iiiier may siill
do so. according to Joan Titus '52.
litditor-ln-Cliief. Miss 'l‘iius requests
llmt anyone desiring the publicat-
lion contact her through student
mail during the next Week.

Regional Unils State University

Oi Red Cross
To Hold Dance

The Red Cross College Units of
the Albany area are sponsoring an
informal dance at the DeWitt-Clim
ton Hotel Friday. April 6. according
to Mary Lou Noble ‘52, Acting
Chairman. Miss Noble has moreover
released information concerning the
unit's present activities at State
College.

The informal dance will be held
in the Crystal ballroom of the De—
WiLt-Clinton from 9 p.m to 1 a.m..
with Siena. State. ABC. and St.
Rose among the colleges present.

Frances Murphy and his orches-
trn will donate their musical talents
for the evening. and entertainment
will be provided by the students of
the various colleges. Donations for
the dance will be $1.50 per couple.
All proceeds and funds will go di-
rectly into the Red Cross Campaign
Fund.

Miss Noble states that many stu-
dents are needed by the Albany
Unit to help on Motor Service and
secretarial work and to work on
publicity for the coming dance. In
addition. the Unit has begun a new
Gray Ladics' class for those girls
who are interested in this type of
work. Edward Eldred Potter Club
has taken the responsibility of driv-
ing- coffee and doughnuts to the In-
duction Center every morning.

Requires Seniors

To Take Exams

Dr. Evan R. Collins. President of
the College. hos revealed that the
State University of New York has
arranged with all State Teachers
Colleges to offer the National
Teachers Examinations which are
published by the Educational Test-
ing Service and cover professional,
general. and specialized education.
These examinations. given at no ex-
pcnsc to the students. are a nation-
ally standai'dizcd measure required
in many states before ii teaching
position may be secured.

As this examination is :1 require-
ment of the University. it is lit‘t'i‘H-
any that. all regular enrolled stu-
dents who will complete work for a
bachelor‘s degree in June or August.
1951. follow the instructions listed
below:

1. Secure your official Bulletin of
Information in Room 110 Draper be-
tween 10 a. m. and 4 p. 111.. today
or Monday.

2. Read the entire Bulletin care-
fully before Tuesday.

3. Report in Room 20 Richardson
promptly at 12:05 p. in. Tuesday.
Bring your Bulletin and a pen filled
with dark ink to fill out the official
application blank which indicates
which examinations are to be or-
deer for you.

University Players To Do Much
About Shaw’s ’Arms And Men]

An altered version of “Much Ado
Aaout Nothing" and George Ber-
li.ll‘(i Shaw’s satire on war. “Arms
and the Man.“ will highlight the
University Players" performance in
Page Hall Auditorium. Friday. April
ii, at 2:30 p. m. and at 8:30 pm.
Evidence that the gl‘Ollp is not just.
another "college group" is that it in—
cludes such personalities as Walter
Kerr. rcspoimblc for the group‘s
version of Shakespeare. and Dr.
Josephine Callan. coach of Rodgers
and Hummcrstciii's production “A1-
l-cgi'o."

The topic of "Much Ado About
Nothing" is divided into two con-
trary \eins: one of high comedy. in-
volving the central story of Ben-
tricc and Hem-dick; and another of
lumbering pathos. involving a slack—
sp‘mcd Claudio. a Machiavellian Don
Juan. and a put upon hero. The

Religious Clubs
Plan Activities

Concluding the pro-Easter activ-
ilics by llli' religious clubs are a
party by lllilt‘l and a Palm Sunday
lloly Hour by Newman Club. ac-
cording to illt‘ll' respecth presi—
ilcnls. liarbiu'n Slcln and Gerald
llropliy. Seniors. 'l‘licse cvcnts are
to be llt‘lll Sunday.

Ncwiiinn (‘lub will hold a Palm
Sunday 11on Hour on Sunday from
3 to ‘l pm. The Holy Hour will be
held ill the Small ‘n'ollo of Our
Lady which is located ill the coi‘nci‘
of Ontario and Yulcs Streets. 'l'lll‘
lloly llonr will be given by Rev.
Richard llinncen.

iiillcl has planned a Purim Party
for Sunday at 7 pm Thu party
will be iii-1:1 ul llli' Washington Ave-
nuc Synogogue. which is located op»
pcsltc the Albany High School. The
party will include i‘lllt‘l'llilllllli'lll,
i'eii'chiimenls. dancing. cards. and
games.

Olivia Captures
Romantic Romeo

Hare you been seeing stars?
Dreams can go a little too far
and this one did. To see Olivia.
dc Havilliind ‘en carne’ may
seem unbelievable. Yet Dave
Trcliarne ’52, took advantage of
his opportunities and spoke with
her after a performance as
Juliet in “Romeo and Juliet” at
its pro-Broadway tryout in Bos-
ion.

The radiant and charming
smile of the actress revealed
her joy at realizing a life-long
ambition. After paying a sum
of money to buy up her movie
contract for one year. Miss dc
Ilaviilnnd has hopes that the
play will be a financial as well
as a theatrical success.

Though greying a bit at the
temples, Olivia. seems to recap-
turi- a second youth as she en-
acts the role of the fourteen
year-old Juliet.

 

Delegates Elect
Eade President

As a result of the 27th annual
meeting of the Teachers College Di-
vision of the Columbia Scholastic
Press Association held in New York
City last weekend. Victoria Eadc
'52. Associate Editor of the State
(‘oilege News. and Elizabeth Plntt
‘53. Sophomore Desk Editor. were
elected President and Correspond-
ing Secretary. respectively for the
next year division. This is the first
time since state College has been

7 affiliated with the Association that

complete emotional readjustman
that is demanded by these contrast-
ing groups of characters. necessitat-
ed a cllnligc (mode by Kerri for it
to retain its comedy.

Shaw‘s drama centers around a
clever satire through intrigue. Tlic
disloyalty of women, and the idio-
syncrasies of war make the plot ap-
pealing to the audience.

The idea of the formation of such
a group was first. conceived by their
director. li‘allici' Gilbert I—lai'lkc. who
in 1941 believed that a traveling
dramatic group would offer experi—
once to the academically-l.i'aincd
actor. The war inlerrupiml these
plans. In lildi} l“lll.llt'l' Hai'tke's
drcum child was i'cvivcd and the
group has continued to snare and
produce their ideas. aims and abil-
ities in a common way.

The roa;1 schedule ol' the Players
was. made up from replies to 700 it'l-
tri's sent 0111 and resulted in lll\’lltl-
tions [or 04 pci'foi‘nuinccs,

The Players, 10 in number and
technicians. have been on lint road
since September. 1050. and will cud
llll‘ll‘ 17.000 lllllt‘ l()lll‘ May :20. 1051.
An uudlcir‘c oi about 177.000 pcoplc
will be attained by lllt‘ end oi the
trip.

The group is a non—profit. coop-
erative company that. believes lllill
the laughter of the professional
theater need not be confined to illt‘
New York area. The group is a pro-
loci of Catholic Univrrsily, its offi—
cers being cloclcd by those students

All the uri‘nngcmenis to bring the
University Players to State College
for these performances have lJI‘i‘ll
made by Dramatics and Arts Couli-
l'll.

You've ilu- lli'lnllh; you can make
llll‘ decision . . . win'l'o to go Apl‘ll
. . illt' Players will be in Page
Hall will you?

State has assumed the presidency.
Hei‘etoforc colleges outside of New
York State have had the top posi-
lion.

In accordance with Miss Eadc‘s
new position. she will have to plan.
together with an executive chair-
man. next year‘s conference and
lamp in constant touch with colleges
in the organimition. Miss Plait will
assist her in kccplng up correspon-
dence with the 300 colleges within
lllt' teacher‘s college jurisdiction.

Wlnlc altending the conference.
the seven members of the State (‘ol-
lcg‘c News staff heard such notable
speakers as Richard Johnston. For-
eign Correspondent. New York
Times. and Ernest A. Gross. Deputy
Chief Delegate lo the United Na-
lions.

Director Releases
Recent Placements

'l‘lic Pai‘l-‘l‘nnc iilmploymcnt llu-
l‘lilll now has a list of summer jobs
llial are available to students
through the Bureau. according to
lillnici' C. Mathews. Ini‘cclor. Recent
placements have also been relenscd
by Mathews.

'l‘lu- 1’arl—’1‘lmc lilinploynicnt Bu-
l'l‘:lll has openings for sunnncr camp
positions. Opportunities are also
t)])l'll for right or ten girls to act as
councclors :il (lii‘ls’ Slate at. Skid-
more College. June 20 to Ill). lutcr—
i’h‘ll‘ll students should apply at
llooni 107. Draper.

’l‘In'ee sludcnts were recently pluc—
cd for llic ncxi school year by the
Bureau. The list includes lilllll
Mai'scluii'i'. South lluntuuzlon High
School. Huntington Station. Long
island. Mathematics; George ion-m,
(li'uziuulc. Scolia. Spanish and ring-
llhll; Joseph l’urdy ":31. '1‘icondi-i'ogn,
Commerce.

Class Weekend
includes Skating,
Tlieater Parties

Tomorrow night at the Shaker
Ridge Country Club the traditional
Junior Weekend will reach a climax
with the annual Junior Prom. High-
lighting the dance will be the
crowning of the Prom Queen. to be
elected in assembly today. by Lenore
Corcoran ’51. last year's queen. Flo-
rence Kloser ’52. General Chairman,
has announced that a Rollerskating
Party. slated for tonight. and a The-
atcr Party. which will take place
tomorrow afternoon, are also in-
cluded in the weekend‘s plans.

According to Miss Klosei‘, special
transportation arrangements have
been made with the Albany Rental
Garage which will furnish the class
with Cadillacs and chauffeurs at a
cost of four dollars per hour. and a
lower price for less than an hour.
Each car will transport three cou-
pies. Sign-up sheets will be posted
on the bulletin board for class mem-
bers interested in this mode of
transportation.

Vincent To Play At Prom

Decorations will conform to on
“Alice in Wonderland" theme. Amid
wall scenes and life-size figures
from the book. prom-goers will
dance from 10 pm. to 2 a. m. to the
music of Harry Vincent. his Trum-
pet and his Orchestra. Bids. priced
at three dollars per couple. are on
sale outside. the Commons and will
also be sold at the door.

Name Queen Candidates

Today in assembly the Junior
Class will select its prettiest mem—
ber to be queen of the From. Noni-
inees for the honor are: Marjorie
Davis. Mrs. Mary Borys Marks.
Kathleen Ryan. Helen Pilclier. and
Madeline Weitlaui‘. Juniors.

Those planning to drive their own
automobiles to the prom may take
the following route to the Country
Club. Go out Central Avenue to
Wolf Sli'cci. turn right there. then
left onto Shaker Road. Continue on
Shaker Road to Albany Airport
Road. turning left onto it. The

(Continued on Page 6, Column 1/

SA Assembly
Will Hear Carr

At the Student Council meeting
chncsmy evening. the assembly
agenda was approved and a report
of State Fair was given by Robert
Donnelly '52. Furthermore, the
Council voted for .1 faculty-student
game. and agreed to set up ii sug-
gestion box 101' the college. Virginia
Norton '51. was appointed to check
on the cost of a. new victroln and
amplifier for the Commons.

in assembly today. Forum will
present a guest, speaker. Dr. Edward
11. Carr. authority on Russia and
author of The Bolshevik Revolu-
tion. which is a large-scale history
on Sole Russia. At present Dr.
(‘ui'r is t‘nlli|)lclllig a series of lec—
tures at Johns Hopkins University.
Also M‘ln‘tllllt‘ti for assembly are
elections for Junior Prom Queen
and a poll established by the dele-
gates to tlu» Eastern States Associ-
lllllill.

Robert Donnelly '52. Chairman.
gave a report on State Fair before
Hlutlcnl Council. Donnelly an—
nounccii that the Fair made a not
profit of $222.03.

Mary l‘ludc '51, was elected Chair—
man of the cominiliec to investigate
the possibility of a faculty-student
guliic. The profits of the game would
be used to increase the contingency
fund of the Women's and Men‘s
Athletic Associations.

  
   
 
      
   
 
    
     
     
      

 

 

 

 

  

 
   

