 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STAT! COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 9. 1951

 

 

 

 

PAGI 2
.___.—.
Nell“? 14 Maﬁa 3] Wanda»: Gammon-51d“
For a period of three weeks, leaders of Student _ ______...By R. DUNN and PEENE

Association have released articles to the Slate Col-
lege News, and after the articles have gone to
press have requested that they be withheld. Where
does the trouble lie?

For one thing the social calendar this year
doesn’t seem to be as definite as it has been in
the past. Dates have been scheduled for an event
early in the year and when the times comes for
that particular organization to hold its event,
problems arise and they decide not to sponsor a
particular thing.

When we consider this from air overall view-
point, if every organization cancels its plans at
State College, there wouldn’t be any social life
here. Ii you have scheduled a date on the calendar,
it‘s tip to you to ftiifiil that obligation; otherwise,
you are depriving some other organization from
scheduling an event because you have planned on
using that particular night.

The State College News works directly from the
social calendar in plannig the size of its issues.
Tuesday night is the deadline for getting news in
the paper, not Wednesday night at midnight.
Leaders of SA should not release news unless they
are stire that the event has definitely been cleared
through the Social Calendar Committee. If the
plans for the event are not definitely cleared and
the leader has released the news, and if the article
has gone to press. it will not be withheld. iach
line of type in the paper costs money; if you want
your organization publicized, it is tip to you to irave
most of your plans completed no later than \Ved-
nesday night. Members of the News Board can be
reached this year at 2-3326 from 7 to l p.m. if
you change your plans. you should notify the News
Board . . . the purpose of the paper is to print the
information as accurately as possible. it cannot be
accurate if a particular organization changes its
plans after it has released the news to the News
Board. Please. organization heads, let's have some
cooperation.

Satisfaction?

Campus Chest, the nation-wide title given to the
campaign for the purpose of donating money to
several charitable organizations at once. will of-
ficially open at State College in today‘s :isscrri-
bly. This drive will be the one and only time this
year that the student body will be requested to
give donations.

The members of the executive board of Campus
Chest voted to give seventy percent of the money
garnered to “881’. the only nationally organized
channel for student-tii—student giving. Fifteen per-
cent of the money will go to two National Negro
Scholarship fund for Negro students, ten percent
to the community chest. and the remaining five
percent will be granted to the National Muscular
Disease Foundation.

The important part in giving money to Carn-
pus Chest is not to avoid individual embarrass—
ment because you think you should donate bill
because you want to give. Our college has given
donations. we have usually fulfilled otir goals.
Whether we reach the new goal of $2.000 this year
is not the irrost important part . . rather it is
the individual satisfaction that each person rc-
i'eivcs when he knows that he gave every possible
cent that he could spare.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY i9l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

R A'l‘lNG—Fl RS’I‘ CLASS

VOo. XXXVI November 9. 1951 No. 8
.\lciiilii-r Distributor

.\\Hili‘iilil‘ll l'oili-giatt- i‘l't'\‘ i‘rilli-L'inth lligr-sl
'l‘iil- undergraduate newsp. iii-r of lilt‘ New York Stali- i‘ol-
pig.- for 'l‘irii-io-rn tirili islii-t i-vcry Friday of the (‘ollcgii
iiiar by the \l-I\\'.\‘ ’mtru for the Siiiilclii Association
\ii'llill"l" oi Iiii- \l~l\\'.\' ~ hurt in- l't'.|l'iii‘ti 'l'u ~rl.i_\ .Illii
rim \\'l--.im~vti\ 't'n'ti 7'1» l1 ,r in u! ‘Ji'ii'i'Jii furl ii

'1 'l M 'h '_‘::»'.'.". i‘:.l - '1'! itl\t illil‘lls. 0121*“

 

tilt \(' ~-'i"l‘ll - - v - - —
Vii 'i'ii;:t\ Iv \iit -

NiilliNI‘i ( \Rtillrl.
l)il\»\i,l) iilt\~
ittiici-zit'! .I \( Otii
Ittlilult \ Ioit E r
IHHIU'llli Iii-i 'tio
i'\'l‘l(l(l\ 1i.\it(ili~t'll
IRENE Iii |-/.l\~'t\
HENRY Hits/Jr \\ slit
lun'l'il ER \! .\ \ .\ it in
t;tl’|i.\lt\ I'l"\t i-.
I'JIJZHH'Ilil l'l.\‘ll

wr—

\'| win .1 -i - iI ill «mi in “litre-sod to iiil' rulitnr itllll
oth 1.. «. our ‘. i lii‘ l\ .. Iii- \Vlllllll‘lii itiion rt‘l|lli‘.‘ll
.l.‘ ri'tA'ii ' i.l.|-I.ll \i‘I\'.< ns-‘Iiiiitw no rt-qioiistioliiy
.ri .pm. mp \|vr| ~»- . lo oiuuiiiu or cniiiitiuiiic..rioiis

l h i i. - «it in i i. 1' :ircsnnrily rt-t'cct its vlciv.
_____.__._'.-.

l'iiiitor»iii-(‘Iilcl’
- ~ - Maui-glut: Editor
- I’iiIiIii- Iteliillou- Editor
A - - - Sporty-t I‘Zilinr
Business \Itiiiiigi-r
('lrciiliilloii \Iiiiiiigi-r
Exrliiiiige Editor
Advertising I'lilltiir
lv'caitiirc I'Zilltor
Amiocliiii- I‘Itlifur
.\~uociiiti- liltlltur
.\Nhllt'illit' I‘Idltor
.\Ih|H'ii||I' Iﬁtlitor

~4- - - mem-rm-q—v

 

 

 

 

King Solomon, famed for his wis- able th

dom, one day looked at the doings should be so 1
questions that relate to the two-inch

of humanity and heaved a deep
sigh that came from a heart bur-
dened by what it perceived: “I have
seen all the works that are done
under the sun, and behold, all is
vanity and vexation of spirit."

What would Solomon say of our
works, after looking at our nation.
our community, our school, our-
selves? Would he uphold his clas-
sical indictment?

In a. nation and age that considn
ers itself better than all other na-
tions and ages, it is hardly believ-

 

{Mung 00M flu gave/range

 

A wish came true at the Universi-
ty of Colorado for students attend-
ing a morning lecture—the roof fell
in. While the professor droned on,
the ceiling began to crack loudly.
The professor screamed a hasty
warning. and students crouched.
cowered, and ran. Two jumped out
the window. The professor was un—
hurt.

New rules for dormitory bridge
come from Texas Christian Univer-
sity. “A deck of cards and four peo-
ple are helpful .but not absolutely
necessary. If you can't ﬁnd a fourth.
get a fifth.“

In a feature on faculty teas The
Wesleyan Argus defined them as
"the most successful means for im-
proving faculty-student relations
since the days of bathtub gin." They
began in the deep Amazon. claims
the paper, where students custom—
arily gathered on Sunday after-
noons and drank their professors“
Llood. Basic to these teas is the
‘man behind the pot." If he fails.
the “whole party will go to pot."

From Notre Dame‘s Scholastic
comes this observation on the eight
o‘clock class:

“Freshman~in class. notebook in
hand. pencil poised.

Sophomore—running to class.

Junior—eating breakfast.

Senior——turning off the alarm."

 

7W' in 71w 7W
By JEAN RASEY

 

Those of you around the Albany
aiea will be able to enjoy a big
musical show over at the RPI Field
House Thanksgiving eve. November
21. Bob Snyder is presenting
Shearing Musrcal Show. All seats
are reserved and tickets may be ob-
tained at any of the downtown nitr-
sic stores for $2.80. $2.40. and $1.20.
'inere will be dancing from '7 to
8:30 p. in. before the curtain goes

up.

The Albany Institute of History
and Art is presenting the Seventh
mint.in Members Show. which will
continue until the 25th of Novem-
ber. It is an art exhibit featuring
the paintings of 48 Albany area art-
ists. Both “conservative” and mod-
csn paintings will be on display. The
institute is open Tuesday through
Saturday from 10 am to 5 p.m. and
on Sundays from 2 to 6 pm. in
the afternoon.

The Playhouse is featuring a coin-
cdy. 'The Legend of Sarah." begun
niiig Tuesday. November 13. Stit-
(it-iit rate is $.85 and don‘t forget
have your Student Tax card along
for identification. Saturday night
this special rate does not hold. and
tickets are $2.54. $2.00. and $1.80.
Curtain time is 8:30 p.m.

“The Happiest Days of Your Life“
opened Thursday. November ii iii
the Colonial. This is a hilarious
comedy concerning the results of a
blunder by the British Ministry of
Education. It seems they mistakenly
billet l00 girls in a conservative
boys' school. Student rate is $.55 and
the evening shows begin at 6:150
and 8:30 p. m.

The Rochester Philharmonic Or-
chestra, wtth Erich i.cinsdorf coir—
ducting and Oscar i.cvaiit as con-
certo soloist. wdl be presented ’I‘tics-

By HENRY GRIMSMAN

at the energies of the people
argely absorbed by

coherence in the length of dresses.
or the width of the brim of hats.
or pertaining to the chances of one
bait team doing better than an-
other ball team, or whether a cer-
tain actor or actress performed well
or not so well. And the examples
can be multiplied, many of them
being furnished by otir own alma
mater. Such things as beanie ques-
tions, enforced idleness in assent-
hiles and education classes, (I have
heard but one word in favor of the
Ed classes). card games and binges
ilivlng from one weekend to the
next), all indicate that what we
do in our leisure time does not
amount to very much. And whether
what we do in the other time
amounts to very mtich is debatable.

In other words, we are twiddling
our thumbs in the face of the gen-
eral problems of humanity and
in the face of the questions that
confronts everybody. what are we
living for? What is all the show
about—the world burns and we fid-
dle faddle. We have acquired pec-
uliar habits of vision. there. where
we ought to look well. we merely
glance in cursory manner. and.
there. where a glance might serve.
we stare out our eyes. How else can
we explain that today the problem
is as unsolved as when the first
club cracked the skull of some an—
cient and uncivilized tiratclri anth-
ropoid. How else can we explain
otir singular lack of judgement in
spending our leisure time? How our
preoccupation with trifles?

Yet we are told to look forward
to schedule flights to the inooir
within the next twenty-five years.
For myself. Id rather not get shot
at iir some 1001 war than travel to
the moon, however, air-conditioned
the plane, however pretty the st..-
wardesses. The man in the moon
is no relative of mine.

I simply do not appreciate dabbl-
ing With secondary matters while
important matters are all but dis-
r-ogarned. Tell me. how many of the
things we do are not, in the words
of Zarathrusta. born of “poverty.
filth. and a pitiitil complacency."
how many of its still have aspira-
tions and not just a number or small
desires? Aspiration is a big word
and calls for big people. Yet. wher—
ever I look I see—all too often. also
in myself—that we are smothering.
that we are encouraged to smother.
in the bewilderment of ourselves,
that lone cry that cotild still make
of Man more than just the animal
with the biggest pleasure principle.

There is something in the idea
that a man mtist die arid must be
born again; hence. let us look into
ourselves and ﬁnd what we're to
cast away. what will hinder our
regeneration. Let us take off our
lead shoes. Let us as Tennyson
thought. hold it with whatever
"sings to one clear sharp iir diverse
tones. that men may rise on step-
"lug-stones of their dead selves to
higher things." Or have we abun—
doned all hope?

 

.L’adt Week in Naomi/4f

 

During lti>1 week‘s assembly. thi-
tlnrs of ‘55 participatcd ill the air—
iiual Sing. The second four per cciil
of Sigrrunr Ltititiis was announced
by Dr. Evan R. Collins. President of
the College.

Highlighting the assembly was
frosh Sing. As they stood in the
balcony. the freshmen sang the “Al<
ma Mater." “Arm and Arm“ and
‘Life Is Very Different.“

Wliilc members of the class of '54
formed double lines, the frosh tilcd
up and down the aisles to the tune
of "Life is Very Differciit.”

The second four per cent of Sig-
lllllll Laiidis. Senior Scholastic So-
ciety. was announced by Dr. Evan
R. C iiilllH. President of thc (.‘ollcw.
Those who are iiieiirbcrs of lili'.

honorary represent the top ten inr

day. December 4 iii the Palace cent of the Senior class. The Pres»

Thealrc. The feature work. in which

ideal of Sigiiuiii Luudis was also

Levant Will be heard with the or- announced by Dr. Collins.

chestra. is 'I‘chaikovsky's Coiiccr'r

No. 1 ill 13 Flat. Minor. Also on the

i).scussion of the Al State Revue
iiiot,:oii was tabled until April. David

'l‘()l.’,l"rlfll will be a Haydn Symphony Manley ‘52 stated that it vote at

and Sir Edward Elgar‘s "Ehigm.
Variation."

iprescnt would be unfair to the class
of '

GLORYOSKY

Once again we have our  and “S"s mixed.
For about half an hour the conversation at Student
Council Wednesday night sounded like small talk in a
women’s latrine—a common occurence lately. The dis-
cussion revolved around the prospective heads of the
future freshmen.

Two weeks ago, as you know. 101 people brought a
petition before Council to change the present class
colored beanies with the letter “S” to uniform purpli-
college beanies with the letter "A" and they suc~
ceeded. This week 101% people brought another pc—
tition to have this decision of Council‘s brought be—
fore SA for reconsideration—What gives? It looks
like someone is really scraping the bottom of Lhi‘
barrel for an issue to blow off about. It was had
enough to listen to this borsht once. but twice is
nauseating.

We have gotten along very well for a number (it
years using the State  and we can see no reason
iintelligent, that isr, for changing it now.

It would be a ﬁne mess if we had a rhubarb lilo»
this every time some brightlight took it into hi».
heart to run around with a paper and pencil gather-
ing thoughtless signatures on a petition as silly n
this one. ‘
VARSITY CLUB

is trying to promote school spirit [also a little cash»
by selling school lapel buttons. Looks like the pric-
of steak went up again.

In the same vein. MAA is having a little (illntillil'
ptitting out the programs for the games this chi‘.
Maybe this would be a good chance for Varsity ‘Cltu.
and MAA to get. together and make it a jointicﬂor?
PUZZLE

What happens to the freshmen come weekendw
There are so few around! Doesn‘t State offer enough
weekend activities#are the frosh homesick—arc 1h.-
boys of ‘55 shy? The administration is \VOlldCl'lll“
what's tip.

Perhaps a cltie to this situation is the fact liidi
there hasn‘t. been a college activity scheduled tor
three Saturday nights so far this semester Why isn't
it possible for organLations to schcdulc activities a
the beginning and the end of the year as well as lill
middle. if the activities were staggered over a loner:
period. there might be a larger attendance.
MONTE CARLO?

Anyone who wants to make or lose a few dollars.
drop into the Commons and play a few hands oi
cardsﬁpinochle——black-jack~wit doesn‘t much matter

It just so happens the Commons isn‘t a gambiiir-
casino, and if you insist on making it one. it wont
be a Commons either.

BIG TIME

The Student Union Board is trying to bring name
bands to the Union for an All-College dance. Sound
gCOdvr-ilOl'tE'n hoping!

FOILEI)

Understand that we‘re to have stationary seats iii
the new Draper auditorium. A number of faculty a
well as a number of students ihirrk this idea is poor
It might be too late to change lilo'wlilt' seats til't'
already here.

QI'ES’I‘ION or THE WEEK

What will happen to the athletes who have \Vitl.
two "S“s in past years if the college letter is t‘ililllLil"i
to "A" next year".J

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 0

8 p.m. B‘rai B‘rith special service lll 'l‘ciiiph
Israel.

8:30 p.m. SLS rush party in Commons.

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 10

10 11.111. Rivalry tooth-all oii Bcvcrwyck Eicld
:) p.m. l’t;iicr Club i)itl1(|lli'i til Herbert's
0 pm. Potter Club torriiiil at Panciia‘s.

nl‘NilAV. NOVEMBER 11

'2 pm. Poltcl' Cilii) (illi‘ll house.

:ilo5.piii. Chi Sigma Theta Faculty ’l‘cii
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 1‘? A

3:30 pm. Forum meeting iii lthipcr 20:3.

4:30 p.m. Tryouts for women's parts in iiilt'l't‘iiii
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 13

12 noon Rifle Chib meeting in Draper 103

ii p.m. Pi ()mc'tii i’l biiriiic~s meeting in liin
bat-her Hull.
titltl ilili. Aiii'aiicctl i)i:iiiuitics Plays in Page llol

WI‘II).\'ESI)AY. NOVEMBER ii
.2 iiooii lliliil iiiid St‘A joint 'l'hiiiik-giiih
st‘l‘Vit't‘ iii l’rcshiic 'llill (‘hurch.

4 pin. Rivalry \ioiiit-ri's ilt‘ltl iioikcy on I’d
i"ll'iti.

’l‘lll'RnliAY. NOVEMBER 15

12 noon iVCli‘ iiicciii-g in Draper ill.

4 p.m. Rivalry men's pushbiill on Page i“ii‘ir

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16
it pm. to
12 midnight ()pcii house at i'ii'iliitli'lit'l' linll

ii p.m. l’oltcr (‘hih tiiiii‘ party.

if [)111. Kii'ipti iicitii itho rush |li|l'i\ iii (VIII:
iiroiis.

SA’l'l'RliAY, NOVEMBER 17

6:30 p.m. iV()l" 'l'liiiiikxpitiiig iiillltiilt'i ill l'iiil'
(Tolicgc.

6'30 p.m. ()iitiipiis (‘lit-si
liiiiiiig liooiri
Hl‘NliAY. NOVEMBER iii
ll a.iii. Lox iiiid liiigi-l. traditional .lcwish hi’ciii~
fast. in Waliuiuioii AVl'liilt' Syiiiutoruii
Phi l)cllii ilotioxary it‘aciilly liiiili-i suit
pcr.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER l0

4:30 p.m. 'l‘ryotits for men‘s parts lll opcrcilim

5:30 p.m.

 

 

i)llilt't‘ in ill'llillitlii‘

 

 

 

STATI COLLIOI NIWI. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 9. 1981

 

Seniors Receive
Scholastic Honor
in Appointment

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President of
the College, has announced the ap-
pointment of twelve Seniors to Sig-
num Laudis, the Senior scholastic
society. These Seniors compose the
second four per cent of their class
to receive the honor. The original
four per cent were announced last
spring.

The members who were disclosed
by Dr. Collins in Friday's assembly
are: Jess Barnet, Richard Buck.
Kathryn Dando, Carolyn Finch.
Jane Hatt. Wiliiain Kirman, Robert
Lanni, Lawrence LaJohn. Helen Pil-
cher, Mrs. Beverly Rohr, Jeanne
Seymour, and Robert Smith.

Those announced last spring are:
Ruby Anderson. Donald Brooks.
Raymond Chainpiin, Jacqueline
Coplotr, Maureen Davrs, Sara Dob—
bins, Marion Gorskie, Charles Grit-
noisen. Vll'glllla Matter. Anita Ra-
cine. and Marion Rutz.

Signiiin Laudis is composed of
those students whose grades merit
rating Within the top ten per cent
of their class. Four per cent of this
group are chosen in the spring 01

their Junior year. fotir per cent are
chosen in the fall of their Senior
year, and the remaining two per
cent in the spring of their Senior
year. The student with the highest
average automatically becomes the
president of the society and re-
ceives the annual $20 award

According to Miss Anderson. plans
are being tirade for the annual
Installation Dinner to be held No—
vember 18. At this time the new
members will be formally accepted
into the honorary. and the president
will be presented with the award

Oslo Schedules
English Session

The University of Oslo will hold
its sixth summer session for Amer-
ican students and English speaking
teachers from June 21 to August 2.
according to an announcement irorn
the Oslo Summer School Admissions
Office at St. Olaf Coilcge in North-
field. Minnesota. Tire summer school
is open to students who have corn—
pleted at least their freshman year
iii any accredited college or univer-
sity.

All classes in the summer school
will be conducted iir English. Stri-

(lciits may choose courses in Nor—
wegian culture. the humanities. so-
cial studies. or the education sys-
icrn in Norway. Six semester hour
credits may be earned in the six
weeks session, which is approved
by the U. S. Veterans Adrrrinistrii-

iion.
Summer school students will lcavt
New York on the SS Staviiiigcrljor;

June 11. Siiidc students will ll\'c iir

Blindcrn Students Hail and iiiiirrici

couples in private homes during the

session.

1

l

Students desiring additional iii-

t'orniation should contact iilt‘ ()slo

Summer School Aiiiriissioiis ()tl'icc

St. (Hat College. Norihiicld. Munic—
sotii. 'l‘his oil'icc has announced that

:i limited iiiirirbcr oi scholarships

are availablc.

 

 

 

0TTO ll. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

l03 Central Ave.

(‘LU'I‘III‘IS liltll‘illh'
STUDY LAMI'S

'l‘lioiisrtiids of Items

Special Discount for Decorations
and Party (loads

Central Variety

lilii (‘I‘IN'I‘IIAL AVENUE
Below Quail Street

——Opcii EVi-ry Night "Hi 9——

 

FAGI I
O 0
Voters Approve Famous Artist Discusses Works; State Debaters
' I o
P tonincreaseMcllSd PfllCl T‘U' T
ens 0 es lo enis re re n ay i¢ nion cam
Amendment number III to
lng increased retirement pcn- Lights! Attention! Action! From ed from his "mind’s eye.
sions for state employees has the moment the lights were raised {ii-9 5311315013 is the Stage. grandma r
been used b the ole of and the rominent American ecula- mm 395’ egan 18131‘0 er AOL'- ' A' '
r y P“ P D u i Novices Cop Cody/in
the legislature, the Mahoney stage, the attention of the audience While in school, Munsmp did no In HGMIIIOI‘I TOUIIICMGI“
Bill as it is known, will provide was never lost. Action was supplied portraitures because he felt they:
that money of the state may be by Manship's lecture which he illus- were too limited. He entered th‘e Results of the contests recently
[now being Paid toumembzrs of me 0f 93"“ Shepard '52- child. He so enjoyed the work that Union College, Schenectady, and
“H?” 0' “’0‘” '0 “me” “5’ “The 1902?“:- SI’Onsﬁll'ed by Dre";- he decided to do another 011 the Hamilton Coriege. Clinton. have
' csa..' , ... ,I..
a lid 1 S 000110 was held n other extreme of life, old age For been released by Clarence spam
value of money, some of the old trary to the preview in assembly, teller.
pensions are not sufficient to Manship did not wen:- a smock and To Mansmp old age is more mm,._ The topic for debate was: “Resolved
meet “days “3" 005‘ of “Ving' berm" esting psychologically than the per- that: The United States Should
tem has made known the '3“ timing the audience to see his on said thtit he found "th '
i ‘ _ a g - e old gnarled H .- - n
that Istime plenswfneit-s aaelil‘eceiv- oak more interesting than the young Wage and Price Control.
"‘5' ‘55 t a“ or y 0 “S a tree that hadn't weathered the Defending the negative Side.
Conservative lawmakers and ~ .. . ,. V  ._
business groups believe that it is While Tmmmmi’ Show”? inf). ion '54. defeated Union College de-
I “I r f b ted L b , t W k file, Munship said that his WOlk was H  . .
"‘“CSSM-V “u re "3 e gm“ 3    never boring because "one can never bum” Fllday' Novembel 2' in BJu‘
, t z y t ) tr 1 ' . I R0 ‘ert
reckoned on the basis of a one be ceitrin whether it is going to bichei Hall Spain aid
0"?“er “nit “01"”; ﬁlthelfaiﬂ: panding the opportunities for labor- misses.“ He told how he did a resolution, lost to the Union team.
““mem “0‘5 “0 0 '5” atory work in education for Albany friend's past four times before the Saturday, November 3' two teams,
enables the legislature to pm_ State College students. Dr. Don Or- mans wife was able to recognize her consisting of Marvin Chemo“ and
WIN” penswnmcwases' “Oiilmedt DI“ TheF’dm‘e F10551931“ Marrship believes that art isn't ward Cornell and Nancy Gorrnan.
Pi'mCliml 9f “‘9 Milne SChOOIi has only the rendering of exact likE- freshmen. represented State Col-
“Flanged 101‘ the members or “‘9 ncsses. Photographs can do this. lege at the Fourth Annual Novice
_ imminent “t M11"? L0 LCM“ dcmimi art and expresses the nature of the ilton College. Chernot‘f and Cornell.
stration classes for the DCHCHL “1 subjcrt. is the “quality of the inner who defended the affirmative. were
Students in “011090 “(WNW)” light which the sculptor is able to victorious in one of the three de-

the state constitution concern- By JORDINE sxorr preach better than if he had work- I c F -d
~ on“... n ontest ri ay
New York State. It passed by tor. Paul Manship. came on the hiring as he WOI‘keci.
used to increase the pensions trated by sctiiptoring in clay the pro- ﬁeld by doing. one of ms ﬁrst Dom held between state debaters and
Because of the change in the Page Hall Tuesday evening. 0011- this his subject; was John D_ Rockc-
‘52, President of Debate Council.
The Teach" Retirement 5”" The sculptor used a model, en- faction of youth. To illustrate, he Adopt ,, permanent Program of
month.  E d . . u
ucators xpan mm. 9...... .0. '52. «m;  Thom..-
pensioners whose incomes are
Tire Education Department is ex- come off or be one of those near Berkhofer '53. who s'nported the
crease retirement allowances but
ton. Director of Education, has an- husband. JOAnne DOB-10‘ Sophomores, and Ed-
  supervisory Staff in the Englmh Do’ Till“ W030“ makes a great work of Debate Tournament. held at Harn-
CULll‘SCS. Arrangements have also mm, in“, his motley" bales.
_M

 

Board Member
been 11111th by Clinton Roberts. Sii- 

Forum will meet Monday at 3:30 pervisor of Social Studies in Milne.
p. in. in Room 206. Draper. A new with the, public school systems of
lllL‘illbL‘l‘ has been elected to the Albany and other area cities to
board. an.r nominations are now accommodate observation by college
open for a ninth and final mem- students.
ctr. according to Glen Armitage ‘52. Starting Wednesday. Novcrrrber
Speaker of Forum. 26. graduate students will be able to

Nominations for me mum posi_ do off-campus practice teaching for
[10” must, be made by Monday at the first time. tit‘t'ih‘dlllil to Orion.
3:30 1). m. Armimge has announced lhcj. ‘.\'lil teach in the public schools

that Douglas Nielsen ‘53, is now a “i S‘qii‘niii'illiill E1151 Gl‘l‘ciibiisli.
member of me Board. h/It‘i'iltlllit'l’lilt‘ mid Cobicskill.

IGC Eniists Students
To Advise Activities THE
HAGUE

Several State students have sign-

cd up to act as iidvisors of various
“Portrait At Its Finest“

  
  

 

 

activities at the Clinton Square
i\;lf.’.lli,O1'ilOi)(l House. according to
Jos.-p.i Loirrbai‘di '53. President of
litter-Group Council.

.leaiiiic Corigliiiiio and Joseph
i,i()illuiii‘tii, .liiniors. will direct tiraiiiri
ililii Leaders Club. rcspcclncly. ‘ ‘
Drama \\'lli ill>il be ti-i’i‘t‘lt'd by (iloriu
Bt'il; oraiiia and stories. irciic
Johnson; story hoiir. iilli‘iilt‘ (Inrcilii
aiii.i l‘hyilis Mct‘ornirtck; (‘l'tlil. Mary
Lou l)‘./\ir.tclo and Muticlori l’iiyiic;
knitting and St'w‘lllH. Nancy Whittle;
turnout-s and drawing. i-lcidi Wurz-
bitch, and shop. htiiiirl Miiciiolsky. ‘ ‘
hopliiiiiiol'cs.

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

 

 

 

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
10% DISCOUNT 'l‘O
STUDENTS and FACULTY
()N RECORDS

ELUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

Evenings by appointment
till MADISON AVENUE

 

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

SAVE 10 (3/0 — 0N FOOD COSTS —— SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1913
“MEET ANl) EAT AT THE BOUL”

GREYHOUND...

Heap Big Bargain for Everybody
Going Home for Thanksgiving!

 

 

 

 
 

[93-300 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y. Binghamton .............. .. $3.60 Waterfown .......... .. $1.10
Cortland .................... .. 3.60 NOI‘WlCh .................... .. 2.80

MEAL TICKETS — “'50 FOR $5'00 (‘ohleskiil .................. .. 1.05 Elmira ...................... .. L70
Syracuse .................... .. 2.85 ltiiaca ........................ .. 11.10

v (‘anadaigua .............. .. 11.115 (‘orning' .................... .. 5.05
()neonta ................... .. 1.85 Auburn ...................... .. 3.45

YOU MAY STILL PURCHASE i’lattsbtirg‘ . . . . . . . . . .. 3.80 Baiavia ...................... .. 5.50

Rochester . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 4.60 New York (‘ity .......  3.05

(lene 'a -l.05 Scranton ...........  ..... .. 1.60

STUDENT MEDiCAL POLICY

Write—~i’hone—Sce

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

75 State St.

Big EXTRA Savings on Rottnd Trip Tickets
*It‘etlcral Tax Not Included
350 Broadway

GREYHOUND TERMINAL Phone: 4-6165

 

5-l-l71

 

 

 

 

 

J

   
 
  
    
   
     
   
   
   
  
     
  
   
 
    
  
  
    
    
     
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

