  
    
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
  
     
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
     
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
     
    
    
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
 
   
  
  
      
  

   
       
       
      
        
   
    
    
      
         
             
               
           
        

 

 

 

PAC. I

 

 

By HARVEY MILK

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author a] this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Same COLLIOI
News.

FOOD FOR. THOUGHT

The greatest things in the world are the hardest
totachieve. According to Meyer. “The Power of Love
is the greatest thing in the Wot-id" . . . It’s a shame
that so few human beings achieve this greatness.

FOOD ? '2 ?

With the increase in the price of food in the dorms
the only remark that can be made is that although the
cost of the food to the dorm went up there is no in-
crease in the cost of preparation of the food. And
from what I have seen there is quite a bit of waste
each night that probably adds up to more than $25
a year. Which means with better management there
might not have been any need for the increase. How-
ever, it still doesn’t cost anything for better prepar-
ation and I'm sure the students in the dorms would

appreciate it.

ONCE A POLITICIAN

I wonder if Governor Dewey would be kind enough
to pay us another visit, and speak to us about the
student dormitory fee we will have to pay again next
year for the new building that he built for us out of
the money he got by fighting the Democrats for
five years. Or isn't he running for office yet !

ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT

We can’t wait for next week’s assembly program
when Dr. Edward Carr, the international lawyer from
the University College of Wales, will speak. Forum
has done a great job in bringing Dr. Carr here—after
the administration failed to do so because of a lack
of funds. Things are in a bad shape when the ad-
ministration can not afford to get a good speaker
. . . but then this is New York State . . . the wealthiest
in the nation . . run by a governor who is really
interested in our profession. Forum changed its bud-
get line sta horrible sin) and now can afford to
bring Dr. Carr here. There is no reason why the
administration shouldn’t have speakers like Dr. Carr
come to State every year. It would be more valuable
to the students than some of the administration pro-
grams that the students must submit to, an example
of which is freshman orientation. It would also im-
prove the name of this institution to have several
famous and learned speakers appear here each year.
and it wouldn’t hurt to improve the name of
institution. Forum once again has done a good job—
make sure you get your copy of the Soapbox tr.
week; I hear it is going to be a controversial issue
like their Thursday afternoon meetings.

CHRISTMAS HEADACHES

It is a long time until next year's Xmas formal, but
it isn't too early to start making plans. Why can't the
interfraternity-intersorority council schedule the date
for next year's formal now, and thus get rid of the
problem of last minute scheduling and ending up.
as in the past. with the dance on the same night as
a basketball game? If the dance is scheduled now-
there can be no excuse for a basketball game being
scheduled for the same night—so why not look for
a place and time now before the basketball schedule
is made. And while on the topic—this year’s schedule
stunk; next year’s may be worsei And the fault lies
in the fact that the coach cannot sign any con-
tract until S. A. gives him money to do so, which
usually is so late in the spring that the other col-
leges have us at their mercy and make us take any
date they want us to; the only solution is to do
what was done two years ago—-bring the basketball
budget up for consideration now. while it is still not
too late in the year—same goes for soccer.

THE END OF THE TRAIL

Wednesday night was the last game that Jim War-
den. Max Fallek, Paul Carter, and Al Kaehn played
for State. For four years these boys have been giving
up three hours each day and most of their weekends
during the basketball seasons. They did their best
for State. We can never forget their play on the
court—we hope they will never forget that we were
with them all the time.

. and tonight is another Operetta.

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 9
4:30 pm. Newman Club Conference for
Women. Small Grotto
8:30 pm. “Iohtnthc”, Page Hall Auditiriurn.
SATURDAY. MARCH [0
4:30 pm. Newman Club Conference for
Men, Small Grotto.
8-12 midnight Dutc Party. Phi Delta.

8:30 pm. “Iolanthc”, Page Hull Auditorium.
SUNDAY. MARCH ll

3-0 pm. KDR Open House.

10 um. Newman Club Communion

Breakfast, Herbert's.
TUESDAY. MARCH 13

7:30 pm. SCA Cabinet Meeting, 202 Dru-

per.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH It

3:30 pin. Teaching Conference. Page Hall
Auditorium.

7:30 pm. Science Club Workshop, 200 l-iu-
stcd.

7:30 pm. Sigma Xi Meeting. Sterling Win,-

throp Laboratory.
THURSDAY, MARC" is
7:30 pm. IVF‘C Evening. Lounge.

ITATI COLLIOI m. FRIDAY. MARCH 9. 1951

' "' lite:
%
grey

Show!

 

 

.l,
/

[sprinted from DOWme i950 lune otIEsquiu

-_——-

Copyrioln i950 by Inquire, in:

“It’s nice, but I had in mind
some sort of pension plan"

 

.ﬂ‘d [mil 144 Well . . .

 

Teaching is, of course, the best
possible preparation for future
teaching. Because the “new” teacher
(a horrible label which is attached
to the novice all his first year) has
really had very little teaching ex-
perience, and much less with a pub-
lic school system. he has many
things to learn. or relearn, when he
starts his first job. As a matter of
fact, he has some surprises coming.

The most outstanding fact that
strikes him at first is that the em-
phasis in the school seems to be on
routine. Teaching assumes second-
ary importance, if it seems import-
ant at all.

At first, the routine is tremendous,

 

7W’ In 7/“: 7m

 

“World War III has already be-
gun and America's future hangs in
the balance in Asia." This is one
of the views of Bill Costello, the
Chief of C.B.S.‘s Far Eastern Bur-
can, who will be speaking at the
monthly Town Hall Meeting in the
Gym at R.P.I. on Monday, March
12, at 8 pm. The title of Mr. Cos-
tello's talk is "What Next in Asia?",
a topic on which he is well qualified
to speak. He has spent seventeen
years working in the East, first as
a reporter. and then as the Chief
of the 0.8.8. nch stuff in Tokyo.
He will explain Asia‘s key position
ill the world, as well as discuss the
personalities, issues, and manpower
of the East. all of these are prob-
lems about which he has full and
detailed information.

In continuation of the Art Ex-
hibit series now being conducted at
the Jewish Community Center, re-
productions of paintings showing
the Lichtenstein Theme develop-
ment will be displayed from March
15-30. Lichtenstein is u Polish-Amer-
lcun artist and his paintings depict
Jewish life in old Poland and Eust-
ern Europe.

Tonight is not only hit important
will present its Schubert Concert
this evening at 8:15. Selections from
the works of some of your favorite
composers, such as l‘tornbcrg, Kern,
’i‘schaikowsky, llll(l others will be
played by the orchestra. There will
also be violin, piano. and trumpet
solo numbers. Admission is $.75 tax
included.

Tonight is not only on iportunt
night in the realm of music, but, ul-
so, in the world of drums. it is
the opening night of the it. P. l.
Playhouse production of "All My
Sons." by Pulitzer Prize. winning
playwright Arthur Miller. The suc-
ccctlillg peri'ornmnces are schedul—
cd for March it), ill. and 17. All
souls are reserved und urc $.75. The
tire on sale at the Clubhouse at
R. P

By SHIRLEY DUNN

 

 

and the details are stupendous,

You'll have met a hundred strangers
long before you face the dangers
of the classroom.

You'll be on sixteen committees, and
you'd better know your cities,

For you'll have to take school cen-
sus even while your back is bent
just from teaching.

You'll join five Associations, teacher
local. State, and great ones,

And before your check comes
through, they all expect what‘s
due, so you pay.

You will find that you must treat
with a Register that's neat,

And your Register, while short, to-
morrow might appear in court, for
it's legal.

When at last you face a class, pupils
jam in one great mass,

Sitting on the window sills in a
number sending chills down your
back.

The new schedule, they say, results
in this melee.

Seems it happens every fall, and it's
nothing new at all, just more fun.
After the dust settles, and a few

weeks have passed. the routine is

learned, of course. Then, the stud-

ents regain their lost place of im-

portance.

They never do their homework,

They're averse to any domcwork,

Still their disposition's sunny

In class everything is funny,

So you can never really tell

Which procedure will go well!

But the most significant thing
that happens to u young teacher is
the chapcroning of his first dance.

Not. only are his students surprised

that he can dance. but they think

THAT HE IS MIDDLE—AGED. The

'new” teacher may look at his date

or wife in horror, but he can’t

change it.
These surprises we mention
Won't divert your attention
To things that might scare you
Enough to prepare you.

BU’I‘ IT'S PROBABLY JUST AS
WELL. ANYWAYi

 

Gummm'cah'm

 

To The Editor:

After reading the last few “Coin-
mon-Stirtcr” columns, i feel it little
curious as to whether there is any-
ihing in State College outside of
basketball, Potter Club. and lie-men.
of which Mr. Milk approves, Can
the situation here be as bad as he
points it? Are Big-4's u waste of
time? Are Stutc girls unfaithful to
State? l'm really curious.

Mitch Durkowsky '62

We recently have been wondering about the
workings of the State College Co-op. Therefore,
we went in to see the manager and were surprised
by some of the facts that he came up with.

For one thing, what serves as our book store is
strictly big business. Last year the turnover of
material resulted in gross sales of almost $125,000.
Profits last year were shared by 1030 people, who
each realized a return of 9.3% on their purchases.
Thus members shared a total profit of $11,500. This
year the memberships have gone up to a total of
1041.

In addition, the payroll of the Co-op last year,
including the salaries of the manager, and the full-
time and part-time help, amounted to roughly
$15,000.

If they are this big, however, why be picayune.
The ten cent check-cashing fee, which goes to de-
fray service costs and to provide a cushion for bad
checks (they get some), is one charge which we
feel could well be footed by the organization. It
is inconvenient, and often drives students else-
where, especially when neighboring merchants will
cash checks without obligation.

Another of the principal questions which has
been raised by the holders of membership is that,
even though they give a permanent address at the
time they purchase their membership, they have
been required to return the cards during the sum-
mer in order to participate in the annual dividend.
Here, certainly, the Co-op can afford to send checks
out to each member, thus avoiding confusion, and
also insuring that each member will receive his
dividend. We have been assured that such a prac-
tice will be investigated for the future.

Possibly it is a minor point, but we also think
that as members, students should be entitled to
know more of the financial condition of the Co-op.
It seems that most of us are unaware of the extent
of the business of the store.

All in all, however, we have 21 handy, useful,
well-managed book store. Now that we are en-
titled to share in its profits, let’s become aware
of what we support. and support what benefits us.

Properly . . .

With spring elections just around the corner,
and the hearts and hopes of niany members of the
junior class being directed toward the organiza-
tion mentioned in Article VII of the Student As-
sociation Constitution, perhaps it is time to evalu—
ate the duties and function of that organization.
According to the aforementioned section of the
Constitution, .Vlyskanizi is an honorary society,
which also performs the duties of ii judiciary body
for the Student Association.

In our mind, election to this group should be
primarily an honor, rewarding thirteen people for
their activities in extra-curricular functions for
their three years at State College. Thus we could
truly have an honor society for extru-curriculnr
activities. to parallel and supplimcni the one which
recognizes scholastic attainment.

This year's Myskzrniu apparently has made :in
attempt toward getting back to the original intent
of the society. They have referred some of the
“iruditionnl” functions of the group to the or—
gunizzition to which these functions should more
properly belong. We hope that the members of the
organization for next your will continue the put-
iern, and lend Myskunin buck to its more passive
role in Student affairs a role which Ht‘i‘lllH to be
more within its constitutional bounds.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RA'I‘ING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

VOL. XXXV March 2. 1951 No. 17
\l--orln-r l'l~ll'lllillul'
.\~\'I>l'lllli'tl i'rrllogirrit- l'l'i‘~~ l‘ullr-ulrlo I'l'..'I'~|
'l‘ln- ulnlol'grmlnnlo llt‘\\’H|iiI[H'l' ot‘ I‘ir- \Mv Tori. Stole l‘ul
loin- i'ol‘ 'l'«-.II'liI-I'~<. Illllill-‘lllt‘ll oyr-I')‘ l"l‘lr|n,\‘ ol‘ iln- t‘ollcge
your by the \l-l\\'S lirilil‘ll for tho Sin-inn! Arhrrt'lillllili
l'lrIrIrI-~ |"-'Ir/.r-, '_' ill'Jtl. Wolf-y \li Ilill'J Iliir‘lri||.|i|, M II\ LT
\lt-nrln-l's ol' the .\l'l\\'.\‘ si.rll' nini ln- l't'.li'll1'|l 'I'Ii-wllui :IiI-l

\i'mlnosilni from 7 to II .‘tn p or ill :i not?
NAIH- II‘I'lN'IJ'lI. - v - ~ g » ~ -
tiiilllill‘l N\\.\ii'l"/. - - -
iil*1lh\l.lllll'NN - v - - ~ - -
liVltLiN \\lil.l"l'l -
l’Al‘l. IH ('Il.\lAN ~ -
iiirl\'l<:itl.\ IH'IIIJHN
.HNI': t'miit ‘ - »
JOSEPH l'l um
i'l'li'ElJrI li.\'l"l‘lH'l'l
\‘UlilNl'i t.\liiill.l. -
\Ii"l‘ulil.\ rune;
till.“ it Hull'll

I‘lrlilor in ('ltlet
"ii-.‘Iilllilﬂlllu lulllior
to \lnrmglng Editor
l'ulillr- liclulloun l'lrlllor
- Hpuriq I'lrllim
('lri-nlntlnu “Hunger
{\rlu-rtlulng \lnnugor
Muslin-nu \lunuucl
I'lsrliunue I‘lililol
Armiwlulr' I'lllllor
.\Nklit'lilll' l'lrllior
(\nnm'iiile i'lriliol'

 

-...
.\ll t'lllltltllllilt'llllllii~ should in. illllll‘l‘rik‘i'il to Iln- r-dllor iillll
lllllhl be signed Noun-s Will lw willilli‘lll upon I't'lllli'l‘l
llrt' Sl‘.\'ll‘l l'ill.l.l'3|ul'. NEWS .iwuim-n no t'I--~|Inll~l'illll\
tor uplillulln |\ill‘i-rmr'rl in in. rulurnns or r-onrnrnnirurion».
in .wlllll expression... rio not new-Murili rl-l'm-i its crow

 

ISSUE EDITOR - - - - - - GERALD DUNN

 

 

 

 

 

 

'ITATI COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. MARCH 9. 1”!

Debate Council Religious Clubs 'lolanihe’Casi Prepares For DebuiCcnter Offers

Seeks Honorary Announce Plans

Plans have been formulated by Newman Club has made plans for
Debate Council to establish a chap- a Mission to be held over the week-
ter of Tau Kappa Alpha, a Nation- end and a Communion Breakfast
al Honorary Forensic Society, at which will take place Sunday morn-
State College. The information has big. Gerard Brophy '51. President,
been released by Thomas Godward has announced. Student Christian
'51, President of Debate Council. Association and Inter-Varsity Chris-

To estabush a chapter, approval tian Fellowship members will attend
must be secured from the national conferences this weekend, according
president and the college adminis- to Anne Bl‘aBSCh ’51 and Fleta
tration. The Council has secured Wright '52, l'eSPECthE PreSldents.
bom The Newman Club Mission will

The Council can receive its chart- be Elven Ell} the Small Grotto, Yates
er but lacks the necessary fee. The and Olltm‘lo Streets. by the Rever-

resident at State has been for the and RiChal'd 13- Dineen. tOdaY
griginal members of honoraries to through Sunday..Ther'e will be mass-
pay this fee. Because of this. Stud- ‘35 and mStI'UCtlon tOday and to-
em Council turned down Debate morrow at 7:30 a. m. Conferences
Council's requests for taking the fee Wm b held COdBY at 4:30 p. m.
from the budget. However, Godward for Women Sindents and tomor-
has been making provisions to se— row at the same time for
cure this money elsewhere, some men, Stu‘lents- Sermons and bene-
being contributed by individuals in- dictum W111 13.8 Elven tOday and t0-
terested in promoting a local chap- mormw at 7'30 Pm. and 3 5018mm
ten closrng mass will be celebrated.
Sunday at 9:30 am. At 10:30 am.
. following the mass, students will
SOTOI'IEY Plans Party,- gather at Herbert’s Restaurant, 1054
' Madison Avenue, for the Commun-
KB Elects thccrs ion Breakfast. Edward R. Murphy,
prominent Rochester lawyer and De-
A date party is the only sorority puty Attorney General of the State
activity planned for the weekend. of New York. Will be guest Speaker-
Two sororities have initiated new The breakfast will be under the
members, and Kappa Beta frarer- co-chairmanship of Elizabeth Cahill
nity has announced the results of ﬁlld Robert UmholtZ. Seniors
its recent placement elections. (Continued on Page 1,, Column I‘
Phi Delta will have a dated parity h F
tomorrow from 8 .m. to 12 mi nig l .
Doris Baker ’51 ispGeneral Chairman. Phatog'rap y an, PI."
Mary Jo Robillard ‘52taigddR1utth Formahon  New 
‘- ' ' er iniiae no
Efdhioilziifnoif Phi. ePsi Gamma in— According to information received
itlated Ann Marie Riley '53, and mom. Willard Gillette 54. the DOS-
Edna Bindermann '52 was pledged. “bully 0f Ol'g‘mlzmg 3 Phomgmphy
The following ofﬁcers were elect_ club at State has been suggested
ed by Kappa Beta fraternity in by 3 9mm) or Stuaellts. A larger
its recent placement elections: Pre- membersmp “’Wld be necessary to
sident, Joseph Friedman '51; Vice- make the 911113 erfecmve-
President. Morton Frank '52; and Anyone interested in such a club
Secretary. William Taylor ’53. Mal- is asked to contact Gillette via Stu-
cohn Fullek ’51 was appointed dent Mail. It the sufficient number
as Pledge Captain for this year’s sign for the club. an organization
pledges. A new house president, Abel meeting will be held in the near
Blattman '53. was elected. future.
Alice To Vrsri Humpty Dumply
' ’ d I a!
At Junior Prom s Won er on

 

The Queen gives sentence to the Lord Chancellor, who is supported
by two peers, in a scene from the operetta Iolanthe, being performed
tonight and tomorrow night in Page Hall. Those in the scene above,
from left to right, are: Helen Kosinsky ’54, Louise Petfleld ’53, Eugene
Webster '51, Joseph Crucilla, Grad. and Alfred Short ’54.

 

 

 

 

By JORDINE SKOFF

In the poem, Humpty Dumpty sat
on it wall, but at the Junior Prom to
be field at the Shaker Ridge Country
Club, Humpty will be pasted on the
wall. He won't be alone because the
decoration committee. headed by
Mary Bui'i'o and Joan Haggerty,
Juniors, has planned to paste a lot
of characters from “Alice in Won-
dcrlnnd" on the wall to keep Hump-
ty company. Silhouettes of the
Queen of Hearts. the Mad Hatter,
the March I-Iarc, the Frog Footinan.

held at Hoffman‘s Skateland on the
Albany—Schenectady Road.

Festivities will continue with
a theater party Saturday afternoon
at the Playhouse. The play which
will be seen is the comedy “Jenny
Kissed Me."

The weekend will be concluded
Saturday evening with the annual
prom. The couples will not have to
crqu into a rabbit hole to enter
the Country Club, but they will
find the wonderful “Wonderland”
Alice did.

 

and the Knnvc of Hearts will help
to take the dancers right into Alice's
Wonderland.

Music will literally float. down
from above. I-lnrry Vincent, his
trumpet. illl(l his orchestra, will play
from a small decorated balcony
dance floor. Decorated with crepe
paper in n rainbow of color, the
balcony will blend with the brightly
colored silhouettes.

Bids for the prom, which will
culminate the Junior Weekend. are
on sale outside the Commons, uc-
cordlng to Florence Kioscr, Gencrni
Chnlrmun. A plan for transporta-
tion to the Country Club is being
investigutt-d.

According to Maureen Duvls, Pub-
hcily (.‘huirnnm, the weekend will
begin With it roller skating party
Friday at it p. m. The purty will be

 

STATE OOLLEGE

 

 

 

 

Marty Shrieks
As Harris Socks

“Feathers on a chicken,
Ears on a cow.”

What a. game—

Boy, and how!

When the 'l‘hespians meet the
Amazons, basketball can turn in-
to anything.

Accompanied by the wild
crowd’s “We want Danzis!” “We
want Martyi". players pushed.
slapped, and tripped each other.
But the apologies—handkissing.
curtsies, bows.

Casualty for the evening was
“Gravel Gertie” Harris. With
true sportsmanship, the “Arty
Ones" rushed to the scene with
their water pail. It was a hasty
revival for Harris when Marty
shriekcd, “I didn’t mean to do
it; it slipped.”

“D&A Basket-Keep Out" was-
n't enough for the “Artistes.”
The victory went to the Ama-
zons in a. 17-14 score.

To its triumphant opponents
I)&A was gracious. Erwin Ama-
zon received—a I)&A placard.

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portrait At Its Finest"
s s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s s

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
fill MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

I0% DISCOUNT TO

 

STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

160 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

Waldorf

 

if. F. Honikel fr Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone 4-3036
167 Curinl Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

()I’EN DAY

 

 

 

“A Clean Place To Eat"

Cafeteria

167 Central Ave.

ANI) NIGHT

Science Club Schedules
Third In Meeting Series

Science Club will hold the third
in its current series of programs
Wednesday, according to Herbert
Thier '53, President. The Biology
Department will present practical
aspects in applied science.

The meeting will be held in Room
260, Husted, and will begin at 7:30
pm. Since only a limited number
can be accommodated, anyone who
is interested in attending is asked
to sign for the meeting on the phy-
sics bulletin board.

The two previous meetings fea.
tured glass cutting and glass blow-
ing shown by members of the phy-
sics and chemistry departments.



ll surfer Ilqu
III-l'unl Uliii'i'HII)
flirt ope. “liliui-I

INAUI MANN H

"CO kc" l

Iii/HM MANN H

 

 

PM. I

College Students
Overseas Jobs

Opportunities for employment in
both the Western and Eastern Hem-
ispheres exist for qualified persons
interested in telling the American
story. In order to present a true
picture of the American people, the
Department of State is conducting
a program of assistance to American
centers abroad in the form of per-
sonnel. This information has been
received by Dr. J. Wesley Childers.
Professor of Modern Languages.
from the Department of State, Wa-
shington, D. C.

The American Center program or-
iginated in Latin America, and the
Department is now planning to es-
tablish it in the Eastern Hemisphere.
The activities of these centers are
made up of English teaching, infor-
mation and educational programs,
servicing programs, and library pro-
grams. Those students who are in-
terested in this program may apply
for the positions of administrator.
director of courses, English teacher.
or librarian.

General requirements for all po-
sitions include a Univeristy degree.
a speaking knowledge of either Spa-
nish, French, or the native lan-
guage of the country, and a good
knowledge of American life and cul-
ture. In addition, the person must
be able to cooperate with people
and must be talented in some spe-
cial field to contribute to the social
and cultural program of the center.

Beginning salaries for the differ-
ent jobs range from $2500 to $7000.
Most of the transportation and bag-
gage expenses are provided for by
the Department. Each grantee is
also given 30 calendar days for va-
cation.

Any student lnterested in this
program should contact Dr. Chil-
ders.

       

In Chicago, Illinois, there is always
a friendly gathering of llel’aul
University students in Wungler
“all on ilre campus. And, as in
univor'sitics everywhere, ice-cold
Coca-Cola helps make these get-io-
geihcr's something to remember. As
a pause from the study grind, or
on a Saturday night date—~Coko

belongs.

.‘Iik for it cil/rt'r way . . . [Io/Ir
Innis-"writ mum (In: more lining.

BOULED UNDER AUIHORllY or me COCA-COLA COMPANY IV
ALBANY COCA-00M BOWLING 00.

® I” l, The Coca-Cola Company

        
        

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
    
   
   
  
   

 
  

    
   

