 

 

 

 

 

 

no! a

 

ITATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1051

.a. .»..W——~__-

 

 

BeASport...

Place $8,000 in the hands of five people? Allow

these five people to spend money for varsity sports
as they see fit? Take student control away from
student financed activities?
\ At first glance that seemed to be the question
and the idea. A Committee working under Student
Council wants to do this. Student Council has
signified that it is in favor of this “idea.”

First glances are often deceiving.

At the present time all inter-collegiate sports are
under Student Association Constitution. All money
spent for Varsity teams is “regulated” by the Stu-
dent Association Budget. The money appropriated
for these activities is obtained from Student Associ-
tion in the spring of the year when the budget is
considered. It is customary, and in some cases obli-
gatory, to schedule Varsity games at the end of the
Soccer season, the end of the basketball season
and the end of the baseball season for the following
year. Those preparing the MAA budget are handi-
capped in that they cannot plan the following year’s
activities definitely until their burget has been ap-
proved by Student Association.

When the budget of Men’s Athletic Association
has been presented in Student Assembly there have
been questions, breakdowns, antagonism and re-
sulting minor cuts in the MAA budget. There has
been little sound reasoning and planned economizing
on the subject.

Under a separate organization, which would be
tentatively under the present State College Corpo-
ration, Students would elect three persons who
would work with two faculty members to control
the policies and spending of varsity sports at State.

Students would not be able to rise in Assembly
Friday afternoons and offer opinion on spending
for sports. For efficiency they would have to give
up their vote in this instance.

This board would be responsible to only the
the corporation and to the Administration. To
control this group, those who didn’t agree with its
acitons would be obliged to see the President of
the College and voice their opinions.

A rise or fall in the cost of athletic program at
State resulting froin this? That is not the purpose
nor is it a necessary result of the program.

With the inevitable placement of Student Assoc-
iation under the State College Corporation a separ-
ate grouping of inter-collegiate sports under the
Corporation appears to be the most efficient solit-
tion.

In Parting . . .

[t is very easy when leaving a place, to look
back, remember the pleasant experiences and say
that it has been four good years. That's what is
usually done; it's normal.

While looking in the past and judging its value,
it is better sense to point otit its weaknesses of
State College and its people.

A college is made up of people and can be rated
fairly only by judging its people. its individuals.
Attitudes liere tend to put value iii belonging to
a group. Although there is a certain pride here in
the “brotherhood” and broadinindcdness concern-
ing the groups which are often persecuted, on "the
outside," we. seem to have our own little frame-
work of prejudiced and group attitudes.

One of the greatest weaknesses of State is that
the emphasis is on the group rather than the per-
son.

Our

MARY FENZEL ’51
Editor-ln-Chlef

 

Chief

 

emu-51d“

 

An Open Letter to Mary Fenzel:
Dear Fenz:

It has been brought to our at—
tention that you will turn over your
most honorable and responsible po-
sition as Editor of the State College
News.

In view of this situation. we would
like to protest. but tradition states
that the new editor takes over af-
ter tomorrow’s ceremonies.

In looking back some of the mo-
ments we recall are your patience

’ and understanding in listening to

our problems; your assurance when
the clock neared 12 on Tuesday
and Wednesday nights. the leader-
ship you gave us; and the night
that you went “arty” on us at the
“News” party. You offered us an
excellent training in journalism and
helped us to face all the problems
that arose during the year.

It has been a valuable experience
working with you, "Chief". and we
wish to sincerely thank you.

The News Board and Staff
1950-51

 

SSS,

 

Open reading through the current
budget consideration for the first
time, one might think that rising
prices had reached a peak previous—
ly unnttained; and justly so. Part
of the reason for the astronomical
figures representing expenditures
from student funds is. to be sure.
an increase in prices all along the
line, but this is not the only reason
our student budget has risen from
$18213 to a proposed $27,205 in
four years. Oh. but wait a minute.
Aren't we participating in an ex-
pansion program? Shouldn‘t our
strident actvitiles enlarge upon the
limited opportunities available?
Sure. but who‘s going to pay for
it?—You?——Me?—Perhaps this may
be the result. but at this time who
can afford to increase spending
when essential funds are difficult
to obtain.

This expansion has been the re-
suit of a trend as old as the insti-
tution harboring it. Of course. if
the student body wants to extend
the opportunities. activities and
prlveleges it supports, then it should
by all means IF IT CAN BE AF-
FORDEDl

An immediate possibility would
be to start limiting organization
expenditures and perhaps starting
to cut down existing budgetary
lines. Eliminating a $25 line front
the budget of a commission. club.
council or association is almost in-
effectual.

Cutting out awards. keys, and
letters isn‘t the answer either. 11'
the $715 ordinarily spent for these
items. tapproxiniatcly 50c per stu-
dent! is saved now; within two
years those lcttcrless. kcyless. and
awardicss people along with those
tint. eligible for recognition through
these channels will consider it bud~
get containing a request for an lil-
crcase in funds for a continued ex-
pansion program. This is of little
value except that it shows an in-
terest tn paring padded proposals.

By DON l‘UT’I‘ERMAN—

SSS

 

This is a dangerous thing in that
a question of fairness enters into
the picture. When cuts are suggest-
ed. the groups spending less than
$500 watch their pennies and GIVE
UP a conference that is very im-
portant to that group in order to
stay below a limit; but the people
spending more than $1000 submit
budgets raising their already top—
heavy appropriations. Is this what
Student Association wants? Is this
a decision of the majority? Let's
find out i i i

To a novice at thinking in terms
of spending large sums of money.
it seems that another source of in-
come other thnn Student Tax is
needed. THE BIG solution to this
problem is State Aid. This has been
mentioned in the past: but just
suggesting things doesn't get them
done. With the backing of the .Itn—
dent Body. the Administration could
investigate the possibilities of fur-
tticr State Aid.

A field of student participation
tints for deriving support solely
frotn student funds has been tlte
Varsity and Intramural Athletic
Programs for both the inert mitt
nomcn. Is it. unimportant for po-
tential teachers to engage in titli-
lctics beyond tltc inadequate two
ycar physical education program
offered? Why not approve work
along these lines as part of a third
or fourth subject choice? It's true
facilities for instruction lll physical
education are maintained at Cort-
land uiid Bi'ockport. but. does tli=
imply that the other tcaclter train—
ing institutions are to refrain from
an active program in this field? It‘s
about time action was taken by the
Student Body.

’l‘ontorow will witness nnotlicr
Moving-Up Day. The leaders of
Stitdcitt Activities for 1051-52 will
be anonnccd. 'l‘i-lltiSlt) arc the people
who must follow lllt‘ demands of
Student Association. 'l‘ltcy net. as
you advise.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY lOIO
BY THE CLASS OF 1910

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
May 4. 1951 No. 24

lllstrittulor
l'ullliglitic lllgent
'l‘hc undergraduate ncwspupt-r ot‘ i‘to New York Hitltc t‘ol-

 

VOL. XXXV

.\lc|itlit't‘
Assm'liili'il i‘illll‘ﬂlllll' l'l't'HH

logo lt-l lv-an-ltcrs‘ piiliilshcti i-vt-ry Friday of the t‘olli-gi
your I.) the \l‘1\\.\' Htlill‘ll for the Student Association
l'Iioin-~ l‘t-iin~.. ‘J Itl‘Jit. Wonc, Nitttiil‘Jl lllll‘lllllilll. \tISi’.‘
Alt'lltlii'l'» of tho .\'l'l\\'S ‘1 ill lti.|\ ln- I‘i':ll‘ll|'|l 'l'ucstlny and

“Ruin-wt.” from T to ll .1” p in .tl :t lilo.
.\I.-\I( \' I"l'l\'l.l'3|. - ~ - - -
titliJHl‘l H\\.\li'l"l. - -

(ii-IRAN) lit N5 - ‘ - < - ("JININIKHIK I'lilltlir
I'JVI'IIJ N “OLFIC - v < r - Public Relations I‘lillllll'
I'Al'l. IIII‘IIJIAN - - - ~ - - - - - Piporin l'iillliir
lil'it‘l-IlilA Iii lll.l(l\ i‘lrculuilon Manager
.llNl’, i'tHHi < - - - Ailvertlnlnu )Iitiiiiuor
.thl'J'li i'l llll\' - lltinlncnn Sliiiiiiucl
iZMi'l-llJA IIA'I‘TlS'l'I A — Exchange I'lilllul
NOIH\I'L f.\iiilll.l. « ~ - - - < — - Aummliile l'itlliov
\ H“l‘illil \ I'ZAIH‘Z - < r ' v Aunt-into l'itlllor
iiiiAi‘l‘i hilllll ‘ — - - ~ - - - Antoni-into lu’tlliiir

I‘lillior-liI-i'lilci
t'o—Mnliuxlnu I‘Ltllior

 

 

 

Old Presidents Never lite—They Just FADE AWAY

'l‘lll'ltSllAY. MAY it)
7:30

By HARVEY MILK

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sum COLLIOI
News. ; v

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

The elections are over and we can learn a lot from
them . . . if we want to. It is said. “What is most
needed for learning is a humble mind.” So let’s humble
ourselves and look with a critical eye at the past elec-
tions and try to improve upon them for next year.
POT LUCK

Every year it is customary for the writer of this
column to predict the results of the elections. So
here I go—President of S. A. . . . Vice-President . . .
On the strength of his speech I pick Art Weigand
Secretary . .. . Blond Pat Dean. Songleader . . . 
think we will have our first male songleader since
I've been at State. Class presidents 1952—No
choice . . . 1953 for a second term Pete Telfer; he
deserves it but tradition may hold him back—hope
not . . . 1954—another “outsider” in Jim Finnen.

Then I'm supposed to pick the "rat race”. 13 people
for Myskania . . . with only 37 names to choose from.
There are several ways of doing this. They are: 1.
Take the names of the 13 most deserving and use
that as the predictions—but accodring to our system
that list won't contain more than half of those elect-
ed. 2. I can pick out the 13 who probably will be
elected basing by selections on our voting system—the
13 who have impressed the freshmen the most through
their smiles and some who deserve to be elected—this
will be a mixed group of workers and smilers. as it
is every year. 3. Finally, I can put all 37 names in a
hat aitd pick out any 13 and use that list for my
prediction—it probably will be just as correct as the
other lists. With our way of voting the backing of any
i'rrit or sorority can give a person 30-40 first place
votes. usually enough for election with so many run-
ning. Our wonderful system. And so what list will
I use? None! I refuse to waste my time and effort—
it is a shame to pick a list of those who will be
elected knowing several of them aren't worth it—I
revolt against our system and suggest that a proposal
to disallow the freshmen from voting for these elec-
tions be considered.

SUCCESS

Next year I suggest an ALL-STATE night every
month—with softball games and picnics included—
also hope that all the faculty starts to invite students
to their homes for get-togethei‘s. The opening of the
doors of the new buildings on campus should coincide
the opening of the doors of the faculty homes—both
are good for all concern.

Mlll)

To make tomorrow‘s Moving Up Day program coni-
plete State's baseball team plays host to Danbury
State at; 2:30. Hope to see you there as well its at
the MUD events.
lMl’ltOVEMENTS

Student council has really been Working for the
past few weeks. This week they decided on two meas—
ures of importance. And to this reporter's way of
thinking they once again showed that they have on
eye on the future. They went on record as in favor
of the incorporation of Student assoc. as part of the
State College for Teachers corporation. And they
also went on the record in favor of removing M.A.A.
front its present position uitder SA. to being included
as a separate part of the same corporation. See your
representatives to find out why they took such actions.
RIGHT DIRECTION

The Seniors have kept. the ball rolling . . . not.
only will graduation to be held on Dorm Field. State's
first outdoor graduation. but the principal speaker
will be a man of top importance iii our federal gov-
ernment . . . something to remember and to be proud
about.

AND WHY

. . do people. who always stop to talk on stair-
wuys and in thc middle of balls. uct. peeved when you
posit them out of the way . . . they act like cows
and should be treated as such .. . . best example is in
front of tltc girl's locker room in lower Draper.

. isn't the suggestion box locked.

. will there be lcurs li)lllt)l‘l'()\\' night when the re-
siilts of rivalry lll't‘ announced . . . is it worth it?

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MAY ti
0 |).lll.- 1 ant. Moving-Up-l)uy Semi-Formal in
(lyin. Lounge. and Coniiiions.

SA'l‘l‘RllAl'. MAY 5

’l'lttl n.nt. Moving-Up-Diiy Senior llrcnk-

’ ' fast at the Waldorf Cui'ctci'in.

t.ttt a.m. Junior Breakfast lit the Bottle-
vui'd Ciit'ctcrin.

ti ll.lll. Moving-Up-Duy Morning Cere-

_) inonles iii Page Hall.

a pin. Sigma Lambda Sigma Alumni
Day.

7 pm. Rivalry Skits in Page “till.

it j).lll. liivulry Sing in front of Draper

litill.
Sl’NllAY. MAY 0
iii ’ uni. Snylcs l'luil May lircnki'ust.
l.1:.it) 11:30 pm Kappa Delta Open llouse.
.t piii. Alpltn Epsilon Pitt Pledge l’iii'tv.
.t pin. it put. Psi (iiiinniii Faculty Picnic I

‘l‘l’liSllAY. MAY ti

itzlt) p in American Chemical

Mt‘t‘llltt'. ut lliiloii College.

Society

pm. Newman Club meeting til New—
iiniit llull.

 

 

and... a...
Highlight Plans
For Class Events

The Junior and Senior Classes
have released plans for their Mov-
ing-Up-Day breakfasts. The Soph-
omore and freshmen will present
their M.U.D. skits tomorrow night
at 7 pm. in Page Hall.

Seniors will hold their breakfast
at the Waldorf Cafeteria on Cen-
tral Avenue tomorrow morning at
7:30 am. The Juniors will hold
their traditional M.U.D. breakfast
at the Boulevard Cafeteria tomor-
row morning at 7:30 am.

The Sophomore skit, “Parisian
Holiday," written by Dolores Dia-
mond. is under the direction of
Barbara Newoombe. according to
an announcement by Peter Telfer.
President. The following people
comprise the cast: Ruth Dunn, Pat-
rick Carlo. Alan Sweitzer, Virginia
O'Connell. Caroline Gazulis. Louis
Vion, Lucille Roulier, Jean Helbing.
Henry Koszewski. and Charles But-
ton.

The freshmen will present “The
Mexican Way." written and directed
by Donald Duclos. according to A1-
frcd Clemente, President. The mem—
bers of the cast are as follows:
Eileen Snyder, Palmina Calabrese.
Frank Glanmione. John Jacobus.
Joseph Luce. Alfred Clemente. Har-
ry Warr, Henry Feuerbach. Ann
Cnparis. Margaret Eckert, Betty
Rose. Frances Cilibcrti. and Thomas
Hoppcy.

Grads, Seniors

Receive Positions

An announcement from Elmer C.
Mathews Director of Teacher
Placement Bureau. has disclosed
teaching positions for the follow-
ing graduate students. Two Seniors
have also obtained a position for
next, fall.

The graduate students who have
received their job placements are:
Thelma uni-lson. RiCl‘lOWOOCT. New
Jersey. Latin: Lydia Boyton. GOU-
vcrncui'. Mathematics: Mary Client—
ham. Ontario. English, French;
John King, Delmar. Mathematics;
Vida Raginc. North Syracuse. Eng-
lish. Social Studies: Mary Krom.
North Syracuse. Library; Irwm
Fallows. Elbridgc. Social Studies;
John Dumansky. Sharon Springs.
Social Studies: Frances Bussett.
Kendall. Science. '

'l‘lic piacciitcitts of the Seniors
include: Eleanor (lessingcr, West
Winfield. (loinmcrcc: Robert Kricl-
ing. Delmar. Commci'cc.
________________..._—-———-——

7am‘n’ 7n 71w 7.1mm

 

_____,______-—————-

“Shine”. you guys and gals. for
lots of reasons; but most. of all be-
cause Frankie Lunc is coming to
the ll.i’.1. l“lt‘ltl House us another
llob Snicdcr presentation. This
promises to be just about the bcst
presentation to date. Besides Mr.
there will be two bands. one

how, -
on the stage. coitductcd by Ciiil
lt'lhllt‘l' who arranges and accompa-

ntcs for him. and one on the floor
for dancing. Marion Morgan. sing-
ing star of radio uitd ’l‘.V. ‘fSt.t)1)
The Music". and M.U.M. and Deccti
records. will share the stage with
l“l'tiitlilt‘ ltlllll‘. The evening will
shift with dancing from 8—0 p.m.;
the show will start ill 0 [1.111. mid
last until 11:30 p.111. with a 30 min-
ntc intermission during which the
band will play for dancing. ’l‘hc
band will play tljlllill after the show.
from 11:30 |l,til. until 12 midnight
or i am. The Mttl’tll Urns theme
will prevail throughout the evening
and there wtil be concessions sell—
ing souvenirs of the show uinl rc—
treslmicnts Saturday evening. .lunc
13 is llll‘ thitc; tlils should be l'l‘lll.\‘-
mg just bclore exams. 'l‘ltc pricc
wtil be it‘s-it) tax included for rc—
scrwtl seats and illitt) tux lllt'llltlt‘tl
tor gciicriii lllllllihhltlll.

 

H. F. Hanikel 8: Son

Pharmacists
ll‘oundcd 100:) Phone 1-2030
157 (‘entriil Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1981

MYSKANIA

7

Pictured above, from left to right, are the present Mysk

William Engelhart. James Warden.

Phyllis Harris. Martha Downey. l’aul Kirsch. M

 

7

PACI I

Stokes Releases
Summer Session
Accommodations

Accommodations will be available
for both the six weeks' summer ses-
sion and the eight Weeks' session in
both Brubacher Hall and Sayles
Hall according to Ainard Gelbond.
Treasurer of the Faculty-Student
Association. All rooms will be avail-
able July 1.

Brubacher Hall, a new dormitory
constructed by the New York state
Dormitory Authority. will provide
rooms and dining service for women
and couples. Men will be accom-
modated at Sayles Hall, a residence
hall owned by the Alumni Associa-
tion. In each residence hall, dining
service will consist of breakfast and
dinner The first meal served will
be breakfast July 1. The last meal
served will be breakfast. August 11

anla members at the time of tappnig last year: and August, 25 for the students at.

Patricia Jai. Gerald Dunn. James Jiusto. Donald Ely. Joseph Purdy. tending the six weeks' and eight

ary Eade. and Helmuth Scliultze.

Loo Fing Ainaksym, EmineniL Chinese Psychologist, Analyzes
Prominent Myskanio Case Studies During Recent Rendezvous

By ESTHER MAYAKIS

Perplexed. worried. befuddled are
the words pertaining to how Loo
Fing Ainaksym. eminent psycholo-
gist from China. felt about this
project. He had to make an exam-
ination of several members of a
prominent organization. namely
Myskania. at State College. Loo
Fing was particularly interested in
these case studies because he had
heard that the organization had
gone overboard with Chinese ten-
dencies; noticeably with their Chi-
ncse costumes at college functions.

Attending the Monday night so-
cial meeting of Myskanla. Loo Fing
Ainnksyni tMyskania spelled brick—
wardi observed many interesting
cases. Off in the corner Mary
Eadc was pounding at the piano
with five fingers under the close
supervision of her teacher. Marty
Downey. This girl must have had
an inherent desire to be a musi-
lCilll as a child.

Marty and Mary move to the
other side of the room to joiti into
a hair-pulling fight. A button came
off from Willy Engellnirt‘s coat and
each woman wants to sew it 011.
Uhh llll. maternal instincts arising
here.

The other gentlemen dislike all
this attention placed on one per—
son. so Joe Purdy begins to sing
"Some Enchanted Evening", oft
key the has a split personality (11:40).

The. dinner is ready and everyone
St'lll'l'lOS to their seats. Don Ely
says Grace and everyone begins
eating. The co-chefs. Lois Prescott
and Dutch Schultae. have prepared
lettuce. toinnto. and bacon satiri-
wiches and alter Phil Harris takes
one bite. shc protests vehemently.
Phil advises that. the next time

'Primer' Will Establish
Literary Publication Rack

l'rimcr. tltc college literary llll—
nuiil. will initiate the policy of set-
ting up an exchange rack, accord-
ing to Joan Titus ‘52, Editor. Li-
tcrtu'y publications froin various
colleges will be featured iii the rack.

Sincc the exchange policy will be
created for the benefit of the stu-
dents. ’l‘itus states that the choice
of colleges to be included in tltc
cxcluingc should be decided by the
students. Any stutlcnts with a pref—
erence for a particular college pub-
lication should submit the name of
the college in the Primer ititillbox
outside the Publications Office.

THE co-oP "-

has excellent gift sugges—
tions for iil‘litllllllltlllS &
'l‘oi'cli-Nig‘ltt

(all under $2.00)
compacts . . . jewelry
stockings . . . books . . . pet'—
sonnlizcd iiii'ormuls .
novelty note—paper

STATE 00LLEGE
ITO-OP

 

 

the bacon is fried. Scotch tape
should be applied to the grid iron
so that it won't shrivel up.

During the meal Jim Jiusto tells
one of his prize jokes; kind of corny
but everyone laughs hysterically
anyway just to please him. Ten
minutes later Eade begins to giggle
unconti‘ollnbly: site got the joke.
Dutch Schultze relates some of his
former gangster days of the roar-
ing "20‘s when there weren’t any
crime investigation committees tde
sires pOWCl‘t.

Litter the important meeting be-
gins. Phony Prescott. the secretary.
reacts the miitutes of the last meet-
ing and many corrections are made.
Jim Warden (from the Brink‘s rob-
bery) gives a treasurer‘s report and
s'nce he has handled the finances
for Myskanin and is the only one
who knows the safe combination
Myskanta always owes money.

The Myskania members vol":
their opinions. Lawyer Gerry Dun"

Prospective Grads
To Complete Forms

All Seniors who intend to start
graduate study either in July or in
Scrtcmber should secure the appro-
ximate application form in Room
109. according to Edward J. Stibol.
Coordinator of Field Services. Al-
though final nctlon will itot be
taken until graduation in June
these applications must be filed for
planning purposes.

Subol also reminds all the male
Seniors to take the Selective Serv-
icc College Qualification Test. Tl
test will be given on the Saturdays
of May 20. June 16. and June 30.

weeks' sessions, respectively.

Men are to make their applica-
tion for accorrunodations to Mrs.
Bertha E. Brimer. Secretary of the
Alumni Association. Gelbond will
accept applications from the wom-

, en. and he will be available for any

says everything in such a legalis-
tic form that no one can interpret
what he means. (He is a brother to
the man known as Roberts). Pat.
‘the Pearl‘. adds a continental air
to the group since traveling is
broadening and she has taught off-
campus.

The meeting and dinner over
everyone is ready to go home: the
girls pounce on Ely for a ride home.
After former meetings Paul Kirsch
was the indispensible one at th.s
titre but since he ruined his car
trying to make a Myskania meeting.
the girls now look to Ely. And so
the Myskania members leave; Loo
Fing is left behind to search for a
psychologist for himself.

 

Communicahand

 

To the Editor:

We would like to take this op-
portunity to voice our congratula—
tions to the State College organi-
2ntions. Forum. Student Christian
Association. Hillel. Newman Club.
Inter—Varsity Christian Fellowship.
Inter—Group Council,
Council. which sponsored the Inter-
national Problcms Seminar Day in
the Lounge April 25. 1951. We feel
as do many of the students and
non-students who attended the ses-

information concerning the Sum-
mer Session accommodations.

Chemical Society
Slates Meeting

The Eastern New York Section
of the American Chemical Society
will hold its 299th meeting Tuesday
at 8:15 pm. according to Dr. Derk
’l‘icszen. Assistant Professor of Che-
mistry. The meeting will be held in
the Chemical Laboratory of Union
College. Schenectady.

Dr. Robert O. Sauer of the Gen-
eral Electric Company. Chairman of
the. section. will speak on the sub-
ject "Today‘s Silicones and Their
Use". After receiving his Ph. D.
from the University of Illinois.
Sauer joined the staff of the Gen-
eral Electric Research Laboratory
where he worked on the synthesis.
physical properties. reactions and
derivatives of the methychlorosi-
lanes. In 1949 he transferred to the
Chemical Department where he now
supervises the product development

and Radio and application engineering activi-

ties on silicone products.

Members of the chemistry faculty
and graduate students in chemistry
will attend the meeting. Reports of
officers and committees will be

sions that it illustrates not only the Pi'esellled and new Officers induct-

benet‘its of unity between the var-
ious groups but also is it great step
forward in illustrating how free
speech can actually work.

t
It was refreshing to hear the pos-

sibilities of peace as an alternative
to war discussed.
Jewel and Stuart Goldman

 

 

 

75 STATE S'I‘Rlillii’l‘

 

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

All Types Of insurance

PHONE S-ltl7l

ed.

 

10% DISCOUNT TO
STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portrait At Its Finest"

 

 

  
 

l
. E
‘ 4. m 1H
§ \
'\\\v\.

 

 

 

ere dllllje deenisMeel

785M$disonkvab§|bangles/Kirk

 

 

‘w ,_ , . m
SWEETSNOP

‘ s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
~ ~

OPEN 9:00 to 6:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE +0017

 

doeru DAILY AT 31cm.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,. .vwnfrm’wzt ‘

 

 

