 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1951

 

Coopgration? 

r:.i.i.l.l

This week;_~ithe new Student "Union "Board met

and attempted to (set up some rules'fOr the [use
of the "College‘Uiiion. The first aim of the group
was to establish a minimum of rules, yet organi-
zing the Union in such a manner that it can oper-
ate more efficiently:
' A system of host and hostesses, which com-
prises the Union Commission, Iias been establish-
ed to assist the student body with the rules. First
of all. the student body of State College should
realize that each and every rule has been made for
some definite purpose. Whenever a set of rules
have been set up. it's quite normal for many people
to complain. The Board did not try to place any
inhibitions on students as far as the use of the
Union is concerned; it merely tried to meet the
State College Honor Code.

If these new rules are to function properly.
there must be cooperation from each and every iii-
dividuai of Student Association. Acquaint yourself
with the rules. and keep in mind that the student
hosts and hostesses are giving up their time to keep
the Union in the best possible condition.

As soon as the student body becomes aware of
the rules which have been established. there should
not be a need for a number of hosts and hostess-
es supervising the I'nion. Such “police force” is
Iudricious; college citizens should be able to ac—
cept such responsibilities. Whenever a iiost or hos-
tess requests you to carry out a rule. give the iii—
dividuai the co-operation he deserves.

Patronize . . .

In assembly today, the new Student i'nion
Board will distribute a questionnaire regarding the
use of the Snack Bar. recently renamed “'I‘cmper—
ance Tavern." The main purpose of the poll is
to determine what hours the student body would
prefer to have the concession open and also the
type of menu it expects.

Until the present time, the snack bar has been
operating during the hours that most students are
expected to be patronizing the concession. How-
ever, problems have arisen in the attempt to find
sufficient student help to work during the hours
that the students would want the snack bar open.

The organization is run on a non—profit basis.
Any profits. which are made after the cost of op-
eration has been deducted, return to the Student
Faculty Fund of Brubacher Hall. In order to keep
the prices down to the present levels. students have
been requested to return their dishes etc. to the
appropriate place and thereby save that money
which would be used to pay salaries.

When you fill out your qeustionnaire today. be
sure that you answer the questions as accur‘
ately as you can. The Student Union Board is
using your answers as a basis for requesting hours:
the Director of the Snack liar is willing to give
them to the student body if you are going to pat-
ronize. Do not indicate that you plan on having
a hot meal at lunch time unless you actually iii-
tend to. There is no point in requesting the orga-
nization to remain open just because you might
"drop in." it would be a convenience. but you're
taking money out of your own pockets to pay the
staff.

Starting Monday. the menu of the Snack liar
will be expanded. One hot meal will be served at
lunch time. You will be given the opportunity to
make more suggestions. Keep in mind that you are
paying lower prices. you are receiving a high
grade of food and when you patronize the place,
you are filling your own pockets. (live “Temp-
erance 'I‘avern" the chance that it deserves.

 

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY ieic
BY THE CLASS or 1913
RATING—FIRST (‘LASS
October 12. 1051

 

No. 4
Iiistribiilor
t‘ollcglitli' HUN“

VOL. XXXVI
.\Iciiilo-r

Associated I'ollcgliilc l't'cr-s

'I'Iic undergraduate lit‘\\‘.~|iii||t'i' ot' the \‘ow York State I‘ol

logo for ’I'cachci‘s. published cit-i‘y Friday of the (‘olli-go
year by the NI'iWS lioiiril for the Student Association.
\lcinlnw. oi llll' \I-Z\\’r~' ~I.i|| tli.it lo- roiilo-ul 'I‘iii day and
Illll \‘II'IIIHWII‘II from T to II p 111 a! ' Ii l'Ixt II

j-i...io.~ smith. 211.130 13.1.1.1 ir.’ lust horns. 0:1le

(iIL\(‘I‘l HNII'I'II - - - - lCtiilorvlli-I'Iiicf
Vlt‘TOHIA I‘lAIH'l r - < \liiinigiug Editor
NOMINIC ('AlttillJ. ~ < Public Relations Editor
DONALD IH‘RNH - - r r ﬁiiorln Editor
ROIH‘JH'I‘ JAt'OIH Hi-iilor Hpnrtu anbor
ISAIHIARA JOH'I‘J - v - - v - — t‘lrculutluu RTIHIHKOI‘
DONO'I'IIY I)o('l('( O ~ — ~ - - - - Excliiuiuo Editor
l'.\'l‘ltl('li\ DAROIJHI‘II r - - - - Atlvurtiulng Editor
IIU'J\I‘I IIIII‘IZINSK‘ ~ 7 - ~ l"cii|l|l‘c I'lilllot'
II IIJNRY KOSZI‘JWHIH — « - - — - - Associate Editor
ICHTIIE" MAYAKIH - ~ - - - - Annualillii chllor
MANHARA I'I‘JAI‘I‘I - - - r - - - - Associate Editor
I'.I.IZ.\I|I'3'I'II I'I..\’I”i‘ - ~ 7 - - -\hn|llllll‘ I‘iililor

 

 

 

 

 

"1.x —-‘
ﬂame/:9 in .Meaeo
 ___.."‘7'- By“ ANITA. 'LILENFELD
“As! watch the American nation interesting. although it gives a‘
speeding gaily and with invincible breakdown of where your money

optimism down the road to destruc-
tion, I seem to be contemplating
the greatest tragedy in the history
of the world." The reason—lack of
popular interest.

Politics is what makes the wheels
go round. It is intimately connected
with your daily living. It is the con-
trolling factor iii the prices of food
and clothing; it rules on whether
or not you may evict your tenants;
it determines whether you live in
war or peace. and should be the vi-
tal interest of every citizen.

You have heard each Septemcr,
as school gets underway. that per-
sistent question, “Why must we
students who are not interested. be
compelled to attend assembly?“ And
I ask this question, “Why aren‘t you
interested?" Blessed with a well es-
tablished. independent student gov-
ernment. you are content to sit by
and let it fall into decay through
lack of interest. Those privileges
which you don‘t use are sure to be
taken away.

. and it is not only a lack of
interest in school affairs. but also
an equal disinterest in national pol-
ities, elections and budgets. Why
doesn't the public demand of its
presidential candidates, a distinct
and clear-cut platform. instead of
swallowing v a g u e generalities?
Why? Because Mr. and Mrs.
John Q. Public are not interested.

How is it that college students.
albeit prospective teachers and
leaders can spend time. discuss and
worry about the World Series?
Nothing that is said or done here
influences the outcome of the World
Series in any way. No matter which
team wins. how much more money
do you pocket, how much more but-
ter is on your bread. and generally.
what advantage do you gain? Poli-
tics. on the other hand, especially
influences your pocketbook. and ev-
en your very lives.

My spiel here. Is not to tell you
why you should attend Assembly.
but only to say that you are coin-
pelled to attend to maintain your
voice in your own government.
When the school budget is read, you
drift off to slumber; it's not very

 

7W’ In 71w 7%

By JEANNINE BURKE

 

The Playhouse, the “little theatre"
in downtown Albany, which is re-
sponsible for stirring the interest
of the public in drama, is opening
for its winter season on October 23
with a comedy, “The Happy Time."
The box office is now open for the
sale of season's tickets; eleven tick-
ets may be obtained for the price
of ten. Students and faculty mem—
bers will enjoy special rates again
this year upon the presentation of
identification. These rates are: mut-
ince. $.74 and evenings, except Sat-
urday, $.85.

Square and folk dances. sponsor-
ed by the Albany Folk Dance So-
ciety, will open on Saturday, ()cio-
her 20 at Van Rensselaer High
School with instruction in folk
dancing from 7:30 pm. to 8:30 pm.
Reuben Merchant and Ken Bacon
will call on alternate Saturdays.

'I‘he Suozburg Marionette 'l‘heutrc
from Austria‘s Salzbui‘g Mozart Fes-
tival will offer the works of Mozart
on the Marionette Stage on Friday
and Saturday, October 10 and 20.
Director ileriiiaii Aiclicr has it per-
manent ensemble of 700. three and
one-half foot high, Marionettes and
Puppets operated by 10 Austrian
puppciecrs and a repertoire of 100
Plays and l“fili'y ’l‘iilcs to offer. The
lylarioneitcs are presented on a spe-
f'lttl revolving stage with complete
selections of Mozart music, ()periis,
scenery and lighting and synchro-
iiizcd tape recordings by the Siilz-
bui‘g Mozurteum Orchestra sung by
principals and chorus in English,
Two entirely different productions
will be oilcrcd on the evenings oi
October 10 and 20 with a special
grade. and high school student pro-
gram on Saturday afternoon, Oc-
tober 20.

goes. and how much higher your
taxes will rise; and you vote aye to
pass it. so that you won‘t have to
remain in Assembly later than 1:25
pm. You are not alone in this. Your
Congressmen and Senators feel the
same way. And the sooner the bud-
get is passed. the more free time
they have. The implications and
iaiiiificatioiis of their action are
budget deficits. increased income
taxes and higher prices. And no
one cares.

Kef‘auver created quite a stir re-
cently. by uncovering tieups between
organized crime and politics. So
what happened? Not. much. Why?

McCarthy has called several lead-
ing Washington politicians Coin-
munists. and in an uncomfortably
large number of cases has made his
accusations stand. Now, a Commun-
ist. by the definition of William Z.
Foster. is an advoeatc of the over-
throw of the government of the
USA. by force and violence and
the establishment of the proletariat
under direction and dictation of the
Kremlin in words of two syllables,
he's a traitor and deserves to be
hung. So? So we damn McCarthy
and leave the Connnunisls iii the
State Department Why? Because
not enough people are interested in
their government.

The British, who depend on the
aid of the United States for eco—
nomic support, have a 90"; turnout
for their elections. while the United
States of America. which grants
this aid. can only induce 40"} of
her voters to go to the polls. Why?
Because far too few Americans are
interested in their government.

Preposterous charge. you say?
Try and defend the dimiping of po-
tatoes into the Florida swanps, and
the slaughtering of young pigs to
keep the pork prices high; the rot-
ting of eggs in the storehouscs. the
gianaries filled to eiipaCity while
the price of bread incr‘nses and
millions starve. or any other basis.
Do you know that you are being
rooked, swindled. cheated. over-
charged aiid starved? Do you care?
Well. do something! It is up to you
to preserve your natioti. I know that
it is much easier to fertilize the
Korean fields with your blood, than
take the trouble to elect competent
statesmen instead of a bunch of po-
litical know—nothings. In World
War I, your fathers fought to make
the world safe for democracy; In
World War II, your brothers fought
to preserve the four freedoms. What.
did you say {Le excuse was this
time? I forgot to turn on the radio
tonight.

Oh, go on out and have a beer»—
have two, one for me. After all.
what‘s the difference—110 onc's iii-
terestcd

 

em'mliand

 

To the Editor:

It is about this time each year
flint the sororities begin their quest
for new members, largely to be. re-
cruited from the freshman class.
What basis there is for selection is
unknown, although it is assumed
tiiat each group is primarily con-
ccrncd in getting girls who are In—
Ii-lligcnt and pleasant. In some
t'tist‘s, though. it appears that this
simple standard falls by the way-
side

iippcrclassiiicii bccoiiic objection-
able wlicii tlicy set out to choose
.‘tit'tll'll._V sisters on looks alone. When
an iippcrclassniun cnii remark that
a freshman should not be consid-
ered because her looks would not
iiicct With the sororily's approval, ii
is llllll‘ to rc—cxamine the purpose
of the society existing at. all. Sociiil
organizations of any type are hard-
ly justifiable in a school this sizr.
but cVeii more so do they condemn
themselves by the poor judgment
they cxci'cise in selecting ticw incin-

bcrs.
(lcorge Yoiiiililieerc, (iratl

‘-

 

4..

By‘ was and ranks

 

 

‘i

REMEMBER:   

“Who We are and what we represents” This cliche
doctrine has reared its ugly head once again. The PM
staff has once more come to the fore with what we
consider a reasonable request. They want the permis-
sion of the administration to solicit “intoxicating
beverage" ads. The staff needs more money for their
issue and they feel that this would be a good source
of revenue. The staff. as we have said before, is coni-
petent and would be discreet about phrasing the, ads.
They don‘t want to convince anybody (students or
adiiiinistrationi to switch to Calverts——-the ads would
be very formal such as a note of greetings from the
Schncfer Brewing Company.

We really feel that it is in the interest of good
business and it will not hurt the name of the College.
if the administration will think back a few years \\'c
are sure that there was a similar dispute about cig-
arette ads??

II?

you will notice this week there is a copy of the
new Union Rules in your paper. The Union Board
has worked hard to get these rules organized in order
that they may take effect today. So far the kids have
been very co-operative at the Union and now that.
they have definite regulations we hope you will
keep up the good work.

The people on the Board do not claim to be experts
and they realize that there will be many problems
that they could not fox-see. To provide for any gripes
cr suggestions you might have. the Board will set up
a suggestion box in the Snack Bar. Use iturit's your
Union and the Board is there to run it the way you
want it run.

WI-IA' HOPI’EN

to the sorority plaques over the weekend? Evident—
ly some souvenir happy person who has, to say the
least. a perverted sense of right and wrong (possibly.
most. probably perverted in other wast thought it
collegiate to decorate his or her room with the 1001.
Of course. these house plaques are priced at no small
amount and their return would be greatly appreciat-
ed. They could be returned in the dark mysterious
night hours as they were removed under like circum—
stances—Just to balance it, you know!

PS. Heard Phi Delta sign has been returned.
IIERI‘I‘S TO ‘55 AND '54

and we hope some class spirit. As long as there's
a rivalry program how about some rivals? Class ac—
tivitics not only unite the class and introduce class
spirit. but give individual satisfaction. It‘s always dif-
ficult to recognize everyone in your college. you
should at least recognize your classmates since you
travel through four years of school with them.
GIRLS YOUR SORORITY IS SHOWING

In reference to the letter to the editor -You girls;
ought to keep your thoughts to home Reminds us of
a picture we saw! What was the name of it, Ted-
"Take Care of My Little Snob?“

BIG 4 OR BIG FARCE

Wednesday night Student Council defeated a nio-
tion to do away with Big Fours in favor of an all
college production. by an overwhelming vote. This
motion will be brought up this week in assembly and
we hope you will give it careful consideration.

On one side the Big 4‘ers are thinking of the good
times and the experiences they had. and the people
they met producing their shows. On the other hand.
the “Do-Awayers" feel that an All-College Revue
would be more beneﬁcial to all concerned. The frosh
could have just as good times, they could perhaps
meet more people and gain an equal amount of ex—
perience and on top of this there Would possibly be
fewer people failing courses as a result of too much
time working on Big Four.

However. on the third hand, if we do away with
Big Fours in favor of another show, will we be dupli-
cating the same evils as we had before? Anyone hav-
ing a solution to this problem please present it to
your drainaticx advisor. Coach Hathaway, in his office.
SUGGESTION

Just a small, but needy request for waste baskets
and mirrors in the men's and women's head . . .

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. ()("l‘OHI‘IIt 12
3:30—4:30 pm. lVCI“ discussion, 111 Room 200. Draper.

5 pin. lVCl“ members will leave for Camp
Pinnacle for conference.
it p.ni. Kappa Delta Rho Date Party.

SA'I‘URIIAY. ()("l‘OlilClt 13

0—12 pm. Siiyles Hall Open House.

8:30 p.111. Kappa Beta ltiish Party in Richard-
son Lounge.

SUNDAY. ()("i‘OBIIZR M

12:30 pm. Vuii l)crzcc picnic at 'l'Iintchcr l’ark

2-4 pm. Alpha lrlpstlon l’hi li‘uculty ’l‘cii.

3-0 pm. Phi Delta Faculty ’l‘cu.

’l‘l'lCSliAt’, ()("l‘OlsiCIt it;

3 30 pin. SMILES freshmen tryout mcctiiig.
ltoom 100, Draper
11 pin. l(i() meeting in Student. Ullltill.

it‘ll» pm. Al) Plays in Page lliill.

“'I‘IIDNI'Ith‘Y, Ot‘TOIllClt [7

11pm. itiidio Council
Union.

'l‘lll‘lth‘liAi'. Ot‘TOillilt 18

13.30pm. thfI" lecture in Room 111, Draper.

330-1) pm. l‘uii Amigos meeting in Richardson
Lounge.

7‘30 pin. Christian Science. iiiccliiiti. ltooin ill.

FRIDAY. OCTOBER l0

0 n in. Conference of the ltastern Zone of the
New York State ’l‘eiicliers Association

meeting 111 Student

ti‘. ..

 

 



it‘y‘ poms mommy“ " ' "

 

I’ ' " l u . .. .

In the past week. WAA- has come
out with three declarations of pol-
icy, affecting women participating
in 1M sports and sports clubs.

Graduate students are now banned
from undergraduate teams. In order
to participate in the 1M leagues.
grads must form their own teams.
Since their numbers are greatly lim-
ited, these squads may recruit un-
dergrad inemoers. In the past. grads
were allowed to play on any 1M
team, but coul.t not participate in
lllLt‘iCt)llt‘§.’.lttt.‘ sports. Under that
system. undergrad participation was
greatly restricted especially on
tho<e teams drawing from group
houses.

On the hockey front . . The
Siaitiinor.‘ playday team will be :.c—
lcctcd from sign-ups by the past
an_1 present, undergrad hockey cap-
tains. This will enable State to field
a team choscn not only for ability.
but for interest as well.

The Mohawk Field Hockey Asso—
ciation will hold its first meeting
aim practice of the 1951 season on
September 16 at 2 pm. at the St.
Agnes Silll’Jl in Loiidonville on
Route 9. An invitation is extended
to all faculty and students who on-
joy playing or would like to learn
the game. Also. there will be oppor-
tunities for those interested in the
principles of umpiring. featuring
practice with constructive criticism.
Tran ccrtLition will be available. For
(lt‘iilll\ and further information. con-
tact Mirilyn Burke

Checrleading is being given addi-
tional recognition this year. WAA
fall sport credit will be given, as
usual. for try—out practices this fall.
Those who make JV and Varsity
squad will also receive winter cred-
it for participating throughout the
ba kctball season.

Ray Wolfe Winner
In Football Pool

Win a carton of your favorite
brand of cigarettes by entering this
contest.

Here‘s all you have to do:

1. Fill the blanks with the scores
for all games. You do not have to
pick the exact Si'tif't‘s to be a win-
ner.

2. Sign your mime in the space
provided and tear out the form.

3. Pitt your entry in the News
mailbox outside of the old P0. in
lower Draper no later than 4:30
pm. today.

Last week‘s winner is Ray Wolfe
 The Green (il't'lllllll picked ten
of the possible twelve winners to
beat out all other entrants iii the
quest for a smoke.

Army ................. ..Dartniouth
Baylor  ........ ..Arkansas .
arvard ........... .. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cornell ..H

Illinois  .   ,,..Syracuse ........... . ..
Michigan . indiana
Northwestern . Minnesota ...... ..
Notre Dame ........ ..S.M.U. ............... .,
Ohio State  .Wisconsin
Oklahoma Texas

Princeton .....Peiiii

Tulane  ,. .Iloly Cross

Yale ..Coluinbia

Name

Address

Brand .. . ,, ,,,, ,.

Hocko.  - Day, 3 w
Modern Dance A -
Head Program

Tomorrow. State College will field
a female field hockey team at the
Russell Sage sports day. held at;
Russell Sage. Here. State will meet
other area teams including Sage
and Si<lilllliii't‘.

This year, for tiie first. time motl-
ui'n daiicc will be o,.cned to the male
population of State. beginning next
iamday. Jtill.‘ Schulteny, a grad
student from Russell Sage will iii-
liiilit‘ the pro.rain. '1 his program is
M: s f; li:i1.cny‘s practice teaching.
1 issoiis are to bc ire:- of' charge and
all be bold every Monday from 4:15
it) 5:15 p.ni. at school.

Last Wednesday the 1M \r'olleyball
league got into swing. with contests
between Kappa Delta and Psi Gain-
iiia and Phi Delta and Brubachcr G
Unit. In the first set of games. KD
won two out of three. taking the
first. losing tlic second 9—10. and
sweeping' to victory in the third 13
to 0. In the second game of the eve-
ning. a spirited Brubacher squad
lost to a stronger Phi Delta team.
by droppin; two out of three. After
winning by one point in the first
gzttitn. tlie Brubaclicr team weakened
and was (located in the next two
by wide margins.

Next Wednesday. Gamma Kap
\vill iiicei Briibachcr E&F Unit.
Newman will play Pierce A and
Brubncher C will try for its first win
against Pierce B.

Tennis- for fall credit is now being
hell in Washington Park. with su-
perviscd play (very Thursday from
3:30 to 5:30 pm. Hand in unsup-
ervised hours to Beverly Prantis '53.

Basketeers Hold
Conditioning Drills

Because of poor floor conditions
Coach Merlin Hathaway has been
forced to hold conditioning exer—
“lilt‘f‘. for State's basketball squad
within the confines of Page Field.

In spite of present conditions.
Coach Hathaway has been stressing
conditioning and defensive funda-
mentals. until he is able to resume
full-time indoor practice.

Hathaway has only one senior
and one jiniior returning from last
year‘s team. Bob Brown. who will
serve as captain. is the lone senior,
and Bob Tabor is the lone junior.
Returning Sophomores will be ex-
pected to carry the brunt of this
year's attack. They are John Zon-
groiic. Hiram Walker. Tom Hoppey.
John Allasio. John Centra. Claude
Palcyak. and Jim Bennett.

The return of Art Weigand. who
played ball as a freshman, may coni-
pcnsate for the loss of popular Pete
Giordano. who lins transferred to
ABC.

Hathaway has high praises for Al
Peachy. 0' 4”.  lb. freshman. who
is shooting for a starting berth.

 

v -e'—-.:.i.-—. r

 

 



 

,_.._____.__._.....__.. _,

LS" vs Commuters at

normal-=6: .Nswe‘ sateen P:FT?F§%.-1Ew195'

 

Slate's hopes for a

repeat performance.

 

Angels Post Two

Impressive Wins

After dropping their first game to
SLS by a forfeit. the Angels came
back strong to take their next two
encounters. Last year‘s champs, af-
ter their poor beginning, are now
showing form which should make
them one of the stronger contend-
ers ,..for the 1M crown.

Toni Zowine led the team as they
downed Thurlow 20-0. Zowine pass—
ed 40 yards to Chet Buchanan for
the first tally and Tom Beneiiati
made it seven as he carried for the
extra point. In the second quarter.
Zowine cliniaxed a 32-yard drive by
flipping 8 yards to Buchanan, and
iced the game in the last. quarter
by carrying 15 yards for the final
SCOI'C.

Frank Giannione stood out for
Thurlow as his passes continually
carried the losers downfield.

Score Over Vandals

In racking up their second tri-
umph. the Angels romped over the
Vandals, 12-0. The victors unleash-
ed a good ground attack as the
Van Derzee outﬁt thwarted their air
offense. Again it was Zowine, this
time sweeping end for the first TD
to cap a 40-yard march. In the sec-
ond quarter, after driving the whole
length of the field, Bill Tierney
plunged for the final Angel tally.
The losers tried a few desperation
passes in the closing minutes, but
the clock ran out on them.

With the addition of Zowine and
Tierney, the Angels have found re-
placements to compensate for the
loss of last year‘s stars.

Chompiin Paces
EEP To Victory

Potter Club scored their second
win of the season by downing SLS
20-0. at Bcverwyck Park. Monday
afternoon. The winners took advant-
age of a poor SLS pimt in the first
period to rack up the game‘s initial
score. Ray Cliainpliii pitched 10
yards to Dick Eckstroni on the. 5.
“(‘hanip" then carried over for the
touchdown. A pass to Harry John-
son added the extra point.

Midway through the second quar—
ter Cliaiiipliii swept his own left
end for 20 yards and a first down
on the SL8 l5. Rav then tossed a
’I‘DP to Eckstrom and EEP had a
13 point bulge.

Hilsinger Scores Ir‘or Losers

Sigma Lambda retaliated quickly.
The second play after the kick—off
saw Harry Scott liiu'l a 12 yard pass
to Rod Hilsiiiger on the midfield
stripe, and he went all the way for
the loser's lone six pointer.

Potter lost two TD's in the third
stanza because of rule infractions,
but staged a long drive in the last
five minutes to net their third and
final tally. Cliaiiipliii circled right
end behind a host of blockers to
"ice" the game for ttie victors. To
make it a complete afternoon, Ray
carried over for the extra point. A
brief SLS threat ended as Johnson
recovered a fumble on the 40 yard
line.

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

(‘oriicr (inlario i\" lit‘llstill

Special Attention

(‘ollcgc it‘lorisls for Years

I’LORIST &
tiRl‘IICNIIOi'SIG

liial rl-l l23

for Sor and li‘rat

 

 

BOULEVARD

[Elli—200 (‘I'JN'I'RAL AVI'INl‘IC

 

SAVE 10 f". —— ON It‘OOl) (‘OSTS —— SAVE 10%

PHONE 5-1913
“Ml‘lltl’l‘ ANI) ICA'l‘ AT THE BOUL”

M It} A I. Tlt ' Ii I‘I’I‘S —

CAFETEIIIA

ALBANY, N. Y.

$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

75 State St.

 

YOU MAY STILL PURCHASE

STUDENT MEDICAL POLICY

Wri I e-——I ’hone—See

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

(Located in Lower l)‘aper this week)

5-l-l7l

 

 

 
    

 

   

TGSMgdisonAve.béibdnz.gj«/Iiwk

5W5“ 5N0?

       

 

‘OPEN DAILY AT 3mm.

..-, -.....__._.—_ .__~__... .._,.

 

RAGE J

ad arDormField.
Beverwyck‘

Graduals Romp
KB, SL5 Win

This afternoon finds the aerial-
minded Indians going against the
powerful Graduals in the feature
game of the Dorm Field Circuit. In
today‘s other contest. Sigma Lamb—
da Sigma will take on the Vandals
at Beverwyck. The Indians looked

very good in their lone game
with a 30-0 win over Sayles;
while the Grads looked equally

adept in downing the same club to
the tune of 33—0. The game today
shapes up as the best one of the
young season so far.

In the Grad-Sayles fracas, Jim
Warden starred. passing for one
touchdown and scoring two more.
Hal Smith. "Killer" Kaehn, and
Ken Ludlum also crossed the goal
line for the victors. The play of the
losers. a predominately fro.in squad.
was highlighted by a tremendous
pinit by "Stud" Theoliary. This gem
prevented another Grad tally as the
boot placed the winners deep in their
own territory late in the contest.
KB ’l‘rips Saylcs

On Tuesday afternoon, the heavy-
weight KB team scored over a dog4
ged Sayles Hall outfit 13—0. After
Scoring early in the game on a pass
from Neil Ryder to Ronnie Ruess,
the Kappa Betas were thwarted in
further attempts until late in the
final period when Ryder grabbed a
TD pass from Abe Blzttmann.

Frankie Candito and Jim Bliss
paced the losers in the defensive
department with timely tackles and
interceptions.

SLS Whips 'l‘liurlow

On Beverwyck Field, Wednesday.
the once beaten SLS outfit beat a
game Thurlow squad 20-0. In the
second stanza Stan Howlett snagged
a pass from Harry Scott for the in-
itial tally. Jerry Mousso caught an-
other aerial for the extra point.
Late in the third period, Bob Pet-
rule gathered in an aerial from
George Dicks for the second Lamb-
da tally. Thurlow threatened in the
final canto but a bad pass from cen-
ter was recovered by SLS. This bob-
ble set the stage for the Victor's
final tally. Harry Scott going over
from 3 yards out.

Gerald Drug Co.

Sidney Feltman. Pli.G.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

 

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portrait At Its Finest"
s s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
‘ s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-»001'7

 

 

 

_.. 1.1 Nagawwxas.

 r H. w.

 

