 

i, e .i. gem-V1

 

 

 

PAGI a

Rivalry?

Today in Assembly the discussion of the big
Four motion will be continued. Rather than lim-
iting the discussion to the motion, there is a ten-
dency among the members of SA to question whe-
ther rivalry between the freshmen and Sophomore
classes should be carried on.

This year seems to be one of changing tradition.
Students are advocating the development of col-
lege spirit rather than class spirit. Can the'two
be divorced? By destroying rivalry, some indiv1d-
uals feel that college spirit will develop. SA will
have to make the decision regarding the changing
of class beanies as well as the Big Fours. Before
voting, one should consider whether a change in
college traditions is going to develop college spirit.
If the college is to remove rivalry from the cam-
pus, the most logical manner to do so is by at-
tacking each of its traditions in a subtle way, one
by one.

What will be the effect if rivalry is discontin-
ued? The result will be greater than many students
realize. Remember that many of the activities
(such as Moving-Up Day, Campus Day, etc.) in
which all classes participate are dependent upon
rivalry. If the students are to change the institu-
tion of rivalry by attacking each of its traditions
separately, it is better to have a plan of substitu-
tion before. not after, it is destroyed.

As far as the Big Four motion itself is con-
cerned, consider what part it plays in rivalry. is
there any obligation on anyone‘s part to hold a
Big Four? No one is forced to attend the Big Four
and no class is forced to display its talent. There-
fore, why should the members of SA deprive those
individuals interested in putting on a show from
doing so.

NSA...

This week and next weekend the city of Albany
will be the scene of the New York State Region or
the National Student Association Conference. For
the first time since NSA was founded, otir college
will participate in the annual conference.

What is the NSA? Throughout the L'nited
States, many college and university students
voiced the opinion that their institutions lacked
strong, effective student governments. Thus, in
order to make democracy in our society more
meaningful, an organization of college and univer-
sity students was founded to make more effective
their collective energies and to achieve their major
goals. At the present time there are three levels of
the NSA, the national, the regional, and the cam-
pus levels.

()ne of the most recent institutions set up by
the NSA is a separate conference for editors of col-
lege newspapers who are seeking to improve their
publications. Part of the Regional Conference to
be held in Albany this week will be devoted to dis-
cussion of college papers. State College will be
represented by the NeWs Board.

Why hasn‘t State College participated in the
NSA previously? The organization is a new one
and at the time State was requested io join, it was
decided not to enter into membership because of
the cost. However. with the increased number of
schools joining the organization, the dues have.
been reduced considerably enough to warrant the
attention of our college.

 

._

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTAILIIHID MAY 10!.
av THE cutie or rail
RA'i‘lNG—Fllt."l‘ CLASS
November 2. 1051

 

VOL. XXXVI
Member lilalriliuior
Asaociatcd i'iillttgiiiti- l'resn i'ollegiiilc Digest
The undergriiduiile iicwiipapcr ot' the New York State (Soil
loge i’or 'i'eachera; published every Friday of the (,‘olli-gt-
year by the NEWS lioard for ilic Htudont Aaaoclallon.
.\lcinln-r~ ol‘ the NICWH staff may ill' rl'lli'ili‘ti 'l‘iichduy and
.lllll \\'i-itnt-nini_i from 7 In it ii iii iit 153320 ltlxt.
pumps Hnilih, 'J.‘i:i'.:i; flail-n It: iitM. litirim. 021th
illhlt‘l‘: Hill'l‘ll - - - ~ - - - - - - Etiluir-lii-Clilef
Vii'l‘iliilit "n‘l'l'i I - v - - - - - Managing Editor
NiiiliNE (‘AIHHLL - ~ ~ l'ulillo Relation» Editor
DONALD ItilltNH - - - - Hporiu lllditor
ltilllltu'i' .IAHHH’ - ~ - - iiiieinmm Manager
liAlLliAllA .itlYITE - - - - ~ - - Circulation Manager
lNlltti’i‘lH' Iii-(tii'i‘t) - t - Exchange Editor
I'ATIUUIA DAlft'iUi-lt'll Advertising Editor
 IIIIEZINNIH' Feature Editor
Aunnluto Editor
Annotate Editor
Alum-into Editor
Anion-inti- I-ldllor

No. 'l

  

III'INI‘" IHHWJ'JHNKI ~
MH'l‘iiEu MAVAKIV-
MARIMBA i'llAt‘lc .
lilJ/Allld'i‘ll l'l..\'l"i -

...... _..... m
All i'tlilllilllllll’iiilltiH should he addressed to the editor and
llilinl he signed. .Vtinn-n will he withheld iipoii rotiuoul.
tho H'l‘A'l‘l'.‘ llil.l.i‘illl’i NEWS uauiiiium no roattoliﬂliiilily
liil' opinions ex unwed in its columns or coiutn.inieiiilona
tin Hill‘ii l‘llil'l'mi onto no not lit‘titlltillriiy reflect its view.

0"

 

 

 

 

ITATI COLLEGE NIWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1951

50 Ram ﬂdm

 

Hear now. lou'ly undergrads. the
sagacious learnings of the high and
mighty graduate students. On re-
turning to the well-known halls of
SCT this past September. we grads
felt pride at our newly acquired
status. Our “hard” years were be~
hind us and there now appeared the
opportunity of specialization in sub-
ject: matter that; would be not only
utilitarian, but enjoyable and mean-
ingful to us. Then. stark reality
reared its ugly head! Slowly the en-
thusiasm or semblance of eagerness
that still pervaded our educated
spirits began to grow rather dull and
cold as it constantly encountered
insurmountable walls and seeming.
ly nonsensical problems.

e.g. Is this the metaphysical or
ontological approach?

Our question is “What is the met-
aphysical or the ontological? Per-
haps this is our misuse of an ancient
teaching: definition of terms. Fur-
thermore. what are the implications
of this state of confusion? Namely,
that the desire to learn can become
so overwhelmed by the mass of ir-

 

el .  I

 

To the Editor:

It seems to me that the time is
ripe for State College Press Bureau
to state its duties as an organiza-
tion on this college campus.

Press Bureau is designed primar-
ily to take .:are of the publicity of
individual students. Our budget cov-
ers only this amount of publicity.
If Student Association Wishes to en—
large these duties. the budget of
Press Bureau would have to be in-
creased. Separate organizations on
campus take care of their own pub-
licity, athletic groups as well as
D&A. Forum. etc.

The following neWs is deemed im-
portant enough by the board to send
to newspapers: membership in frat-
ernities. sororities, honoraries, and
every organization on campus; elec-
tions to all offices contained in the
preceding organizations, Who's Who,
Graduation, Placements, Dean's
List, and accomplishments of stu-
dents which do not fall into the
above categories. Another job which
Press Bureau has taken on recently
is the handling of interviews of pros-
pective freshmen in cooperation
with Mr. Sabol‘s office. from Novem-
ber to May.

No newspaper guarantees us pub-
lication of news. Many times the
item that is sent out from Press Bu-
reau is not printed because the pa-
per deems it of not. sufficient llll-
portancc. or is too crowded. The
fault lies not with Press Bureau but
with your home-town paper. Why
iioi. bring your complaints to them.
Check the P.B. bulletin board in
lower Draper i'or lists of notices that
have been sent out. if your name is
there and the iiotlcc has not been
included in your own newspaper,
you know where the fault. lies. im-
poi'tuiit news of the college as a
whole that is sent to Albany papers
 handled through Mr. Snbol's ol-

('0.

A tile is kept with the record oi
each student. it is llic student's rc-
spoiisibility to keep those files up to
date by notifying the Bureau of any
changes. Many students never re-
turn their inlorinnllon curds i-vcn
lit the repeatcd request of l'.li. to
do so. How then can they expect
publicity?

l"(il‘ those who wonder what. l'll.
ha. been doing in life lllli' of work.
please not.ce the two lull pages ol
iii-.in‘s List notices on the bulletin
board. and llil' Who's Who notices.
which line already been sent out

i hope this will discredit. the un»
iust. "l'llit'l‘illl iiiiide against l’i'i-sit
llui'ciiu in last Wt'l'k'n (foiiiinoii-
Stan-r. it. is (lolli; tin lttll As for it
being ll big ot‘itiiiilxutioii oti i'iitiiplth
i [ll'l'li‘l' to think that is oiic. biil
(illz' that works quith iiiid cili-
clently.

Maureen Davis ‘52,

Director, l'reiiii liureau.

By JOAN MITCHELL

 

relevant: material that besets the
mind, that it is easier, and at times
mandatory for peace of mind, to
sink into the familiar state of non-
chalance and disinterest. To our
earnest professors this is a situation
worthy of alarm .It is but a mani-
festation of our own instinct—self—
protection.

What ls an effective means of
meeting this problem? Perhaps we
are not equipped to deal with the
matter, quantitatively nor qualita-
tively, that is. but at least let us
satisfy our own egos by propound-
mg a theory. Why not, in under-
graduate years, lay the groundwork
and foundation suitable for later ex-
pansion.

i.e. Why not a course in basic
philosophy and basic educational
philosophy during undergraduate
years.

It beﬁtteth not the dignity of an
SCT graduate to relinquish his need
of honor. As graduates of a teach-
er‘s preparatory institute, why must
we feel most ill-at-ease in our own
medium? (Aha. another case of
maladjustment.)

In closing out our words of wis-
dom, let us advise the unknowing.
Synchronize your minds to the Ways
of the Aristotlian life. It‘s only hu-
man nature to gripe.

 

7W’ 9n 7/“: 70:44»
By JEAN nasnv

 

The coming events for this month
shotild be of special interest to inti-
sic lovers. Friday, November 14. Son-
lima Stravinsky, son of the world
tamed Igor Stravinsky, will present
a piano concert in the auditorium
of the College of Saint Rose. The
student rate is $.60 and curtain time
is 8:15 pm. Various works of Bec-
thoven. Mozart, Scarlmti, Prokofi-
icf, Debussy. and Igor Sti'atvinsky
Will be iiiciiided in the program.

Tommy Dorsey will be at the
Crooked Lake hm this Sunday. The
dancing and the floor show will
take place from 8:30 p.m. to 12:30
a. m. Tickets are $1.50 per person.

Sunday is also the opening hockey
game of the season at the RPI Field
House. The New York Rovers will be
playing the New Haven Tomahawks.
The game starts at 3 pm. Admis—
sion is $1.80 for ringside chairs. $1.20
for reserved seats atid $.85 general
admission.

For those of you who would rather
don the skates yourself, the indoor
ice skating rink at the Field House
will be open for public skating i'or
a fee of $.60 the following times: 12
noon to 3 p.m.. November  ti, and
’7: from 8:30 pm. to 11 p.m.. No-
vember 0.

"of Men and Music.“ lh.- 20th
Century Fox motion picture regard-
ed by many critics as one of the
most important musical films ever
produced in this country, started
’l‘hurstlay at the Colonial ’l‘liciil.re.
'l‘li- picture is an intimate survey of
t..e American musical srcnc, and
features such artists as Artur liub-
custciii, pianist; .lasclin llcil'ct.‘/..
violinist; .liiii Pecrcc and Nadine
Connor, opci‘n stars; and Dimitri
Mcli'oponlos conducting the New
York Philharmonic Symphony. The
picture not only records the per-
tornniiiccs of these great. stars. but.
looks into their off-stage Inc as they
relax at home and rchcai'Sc for their
l‘tlli'S.

 

.l’aat Wee/a In ﬁddamé/Af

 

'l‘lic preferential liiilliillliit Hybli‘lll
was explained by linvid Mniily '52.
Chairman of Myskiiniti, with the aid
of slides depicting clcciioii results,
during last. Week‘s assembly. .lumcs
(li'ogaii '05 made an apology iiil'
Violating State College traditions.
l'llcctioiis Wcre held for (lunipiis
(Quccli and freshman officers.

The iiiotton to abolish lllg-lt‘our
which was presented by Miiiily lWo
Weeks ago in iissciiibly was tabled
iiiuuii iiiici‘ some discussion. to ill“
low liinc lor the. other cVents on the
day's itHi'lltltl. it this motion were
passed the lilii-li‘our productions
Would be discarded in favor oi iiii
All-Htiilc itcvuc. Discussion on ililn
motion will be resumed in today's
iisseiiibly.

Gamma-$14144
By R. DUNN and PEENE

FACULTY FOOTNOTES

It seems that the faculty have been airing their
gripes about the new cut system in classes. The thing
that is bothering them most is the fact that it en-
tails more book Work for them. Also a few more were
quoted as saying that they couldn’t explain the sys-
tem because they had slept through parts of the fee--
ulty meeting. This system will be hard enough to
organize even with the support of the faculty. How
about it Doctors, etc. Let’s give it a go.

SUICIDE

Saturday morning the Soph and fresh men will en-
deavor to spill their insides over Page Fiellcl in a
gentlemanly game of pushball. The game will start
at 11 a.m. Anyone with a stretcher—or in extreme
cases a blotter will be welcome.

ALSO

In the vein of rivalry. '54 and '55 will have another
chance to inspect the school grounds two weeks from
tomorrow when there will be a rehunt for the ban-
ners. Let‘s hope that the classes are a little more
organized this time so that if they should find the
banner they can get away with it.

P. S.

We agree that Myskania should chaperone the ban-
ner hunt but we want to know who is going to chap-
erone Myskania. It seems two members of said body
were inextricably entangled in the boiler room for a
half hour last Saturday. What's this boiler room got?
ALPHABET SOUP

Another burning issue! This week again, Student
Council discussed the possibilities of “smashing” tra-
dition. This time it concerns changing the blanket
letter "S" that we use for varsity letters, etc., to “A”
standing for Albany. Strange as it may seem we are
not the only "State" College in New York and some
of the other colleges resent the fact that we refer to
ourselves exclusively when we say State. We want
you to give a lot of serious thought to the issue but
try not to lose any sleep over it.

BLAZERS

are back and Lundergan's got "em. Anyone inter—
ested in a State College blazer (sports jacketi see
Bob Lundcrgan, President 01' the freshman class.
SOME AC'i‘l()Ni.!

How about setting upon an efficient working pub-
liciiy committee operating out of MAA. We heard
that this organization has a publicity manager—wr-
should we say "had" 'eause it seems to be an extinct
office. Besides making posters Iuniform or standard
posters pret'erablyi and placing them strategically
talso in the same place each wccki. this committee
could see that a representative at each group house
announces the games, and perhaps this committee
could also arrange Pcp Rallies.

Along this line also MAA would like to continue the
policy of selling programs at. the basketball game
tevcntually soccer also . . . we hope) but, they need
people. C'mon kids . . it's everybody's school.
NERVOI’S DISORDER

About this time of year, with mid-semi; and all.
everyone has developed a major maladjustment. This
year's situation has been extended to thc buzzers and
bells and intermittently the students are awakened
from their classroom sluinbei's. Looks like a plot to
us, one that could be remedied. Perhaps a petition to
the school electrician. Dr. Rich, would aid us ill our
dilemma.

WONDERING

What happened to 1051‘s banner?
To

whom it may concern those subscribers who
have written the editor regarding their admittance
into Brubnchcr mid Student Union; yes alums, you're
more than welcome.

QIIE."I‘I()N ()li‘ THE WEEK?
Check the Sports colunin——Wlio is this guy Burns?

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, NtWEll‘lllER 2
ti i).lll. Debate Willi Union
in lirubiiclicr Hull.
Chi Sigma Theta open house
for Statesmcn.
it pro. to 12 midnight Phi Delta open
Stiitestncii.
Siiyles “it” Halloween par-
ty. udinissloii $.25.
HA’I‘I‘RAY. NOVICMIiI-Jlt ii

tlziiti |).lil. to 12 midnight llillcl iiiid lth‘A sponsor liar-
vcst Serenade diiiicc iii ’l‘cin-
plc lsi'iicl, iiilil l’ni'ti‘idgc
Street.

i’lt‘l‘t't‘ lliill opcii litillid‘.
Vuii llci'zcc open house.

Collegi-
0:30 pm to t2 midnight,
house for

it pm. to 12 iiiiilnighl,

ti p.in. to 12 midnight
0.30 pm. to ilziiil p.tii.
SUNDAY. NthdlilltElt
ll to 5 pm

It to ii |i.lll.

MONDAY. NtH'llelililt
l:.’lt) pin.

6--

'l‘liui'|ow lliill open house.
Newman llall opeti house.

‘1

llonslicld, thl'ltl'n (.‘liiniipioii

'l‘yplsi., lectures lll liooin 2-lil

'l‘l‘lilhiiAl’. NOVEMBER ti

tillli i.ni Miinship will lecture in l’iitit'
Auditornnn

il'ltDNICHDAi’. Ntil‘I‘IMlil'llt 7

’lzllll pm WAA (lokci' lll

liming liooiii

iii'ubiiclier

'l Iiii pni Hclciicc (lliih iiicciitiu ill
liooin 150.
it to lit ilo pm lit-d (,‘i'osn meeting tli itt'd

Cross (lliiiptci' house on ltln-
i-lli'Wiiiitl l’liicc.

'l‘lll'liHDAl’. NttYlﬁMlll'lll ii

ii lHII HUA (lillllt‘l' meeting in con-v
Junction with (lumpuii (.‘hcnt
committee and solicitors

'l :iti pni Lecture tll Ncwmiin llilll

 

I
.i
'i
i

i
1‘);

 

 

 

 

arAré‘é'oLL'm: N'l'viie.raioAv; NOVEMBER 2. test

PAOI' 3

 

 

Hillel, NeWman, Trumpets Announce Queen, Court 0M Mme 0W Class Presidents
ln Traditional Crowning Ceremony A, we mm, mm,” La,

SCA Disclose

Religious Plans

Organizations Arrange
Dinner, Dance, Meeting

State‘s various religious clubs
have announced their activities for
the coming week. The agenda of
events includes a dinner, dance, and
a lecture.

Helen Pllcher '52. President of
Student Christian Association. an-
nounces a dinner meeting for SCA
members Thursday at 6 p. in. The
meeting will be held with the Cain-
ptis Chest Committee, for whom all
SCA members are solicitors. Huyla
Stuntz, representative of the World
Student Service Fund, will be pres-
ent at the meeting. Chapel Services
will be held Wednesday noon at the
United Presbyterian Church. lo—
cated on the corner of South Lake
and Western Avenues. The speaker
will be Dr. Milton C. Olsen, Pro—
fessor of" Commerce and Rich—
ard Tennison '53 will act as group
leader.

Hillel and IZFA will sponsor a
Harvest Serenade dance tomorrow,
according to Evelyn Slior '52, Pres-
ident of Hillel. The dance will take
place at. the Temple Israel, 404
Partridge Street, from 8:30 p. m. to
12 midnight. Elaine Topper '53 is
General Chairman. Donations of
lifty cents will be collected.

The second lecture on “Courtship
and Marriage" has been announced
by Beverly Pi'nnitis  President of
Newman Cliib. The lecture will be
given by Father Collins. Thursday
at 7:30 p. m., in Newman Hall.

1 46cm“? 4W4 l

 

 

l)l‘. Hincld. Mcllwamc, l’cofcssoi'
of English, “11] speak today at the
thirty-eighth annual meeting of
the College (‘onlei'cne on English
ill the (fcnti'nl ."\llltllllt States to be
held ill Ncw York I' ii-i'siiy l)i'
Mcllw'aint- will di cm. the ll'.lllilliiJ.
ol high school l‘ill l.sh teachers.

lh‘. l’nul ll. l’c'tit, Assistant Pro-
l.-.~.-oi' o1 I‘.ll.;ll.\li will nttciid the
llllll annual Ncw' York State 'l‘hc-
itil’i‘ ('onlc:ciicc .u tnsniiovin this
wcckcint. l)i'. Pcltit \vill spcak on
the "Professional Theatre in the
Community." Saturday. llc will dis-
cuss "’l'lic Aiiici'iciin ’l‘hcnli'c Acti-
vities lll (Erect-e,” Sunday.

ltcpi'c t‘lillllL', Slat - (otlcgc at llic
:inmial lllt‘t'illl., ot illt‘ Ncw York
State .A‘Stit'hiiliili ol Duns and
tiiiidniicc l’ll'hlilillt'l :ll't' l)l'. l‘)ll.‘ll
t‘. Hiokcs, lit'ttil ol Womcii. l)i'. hilt/.—
;ibclli lliiiil Morris. l'i'olcssoi oi lilti—
uciition tlllil (‘iillt'tt- Psychologist,
and l‘itl\\.tl'i‘l .l. Habol, (‘ooi'diniiloi'
ol l‘l'lil .‘ici'\ic.u ’l‘lic Illi’t'illl'.’.. liclil
ill the llotct Hldllr'i' in New York.
lit-iztiii _\‘c:lti':iii\. and will coiiilliiil'
iiniil tomorrow.

l)l'. Kt'lllli‘lll .l. l“l'ilslli'c illl;l lir.
Donald A (il'llili, oi the Department
of ltlducniion. \\‘ciil to Washington
Monday and 'l‘iic.d.iy, ()t'!tillt‘l' :32
.md “lit, to m 'I‘I with llic ('(lltli‘di oi
\:.oci:il *d (‘ollc'cm lllt' policy iiizik—
|ll‘.‘_ iai‘otip tor the (‘oopci‘iiiivc l’i'o-
".l'lllil lll l<1.|nc;iiioinil Adininixli‘tr
[bill it] the Middlc Atlantic States
lli'i'll

A I
ii. i. litiiiikcl & Son
Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone. 4-2030
157 (‘entriil Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 
        

785Mﬁwi‘ge.lglbdnz.,ﬂjw%rk

 

   

The royal party of the

V’Vllldii'i‘s of "It‘s Helen” broke
il.c tiiisc silcncc of the crowd iii
l’iiuc llall ’lo the strains of "Pomp
:inl (‘ii'ciinistaiicc." Helen Pilchci'.
i'oyiillj. tillll't'tl in a purple robe
li'ininicd with ci'niiiic. lctl the coro-
iiatioli pi‘occssioii.

l'hci'yonc stood in an attitude oi
respect while the queen. hiilocd by ll
\;:ti.ll hi. circled the auditorium.
Following her were the attciidiiuls:
'l‘hcrcsa Peri-on. Mary Marks. Sen-
iors; Aim Hturgcs. Dena Kiiplim.
.lniiioi's: liosc Miii'y lii'iidt. Ann
(‘npiiris, Sophomores: and Angela
lx’nvaniiiigh. Sharon lici‘gfoi's. fresh-

 

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

lI'l{.\'l‘|‘Il{Nl'l‘Y JEWELRY

lliiilges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts FllVDI'H
Stationery Programs
(‘luli l'lns Keys
Medals ’l‘roplilea

Write or Call
(‘ARL SORENSEN
:lli Mlll‘l‘ll_\' Avc. Waterford, N.Y.

'l'i-Iplioiic ’l‘i‘oy Atliitiis iiLli'itlli

 

 

 

SWEET SHOP

AT 8A.M.‘

a.-. . ...._.. .........

10mm DAILY

 

lampus Night (‘oroniition are from top to
bottom: (‘ampus Queen llelcn l’ilelier; Arlene Blum. Kathleen Ryan,
’l‘heresa l’erron. and Mary Marks. Seniors: Aiili Sturges and Dena Kap—
laii. Juniors; llose Mary llradi aiid Ann (‘aparlsu Sophomores. and Sharon
llergl'ors and Angela Kavanaiigli, freshmen.

As the curtains parted. Arlene
lilum and Kathleen Ryan were re—
vciiled as Senior attendants.

With heralds, Kittlilccn Obci'st
and liciitricc I.chnn. Sophomores, at.
her side. Virginia Norton. last year‘s
Campus Queen placed the coroiict
on Miss Pilehcr's head.

Ben Fran/ill" Prfiitctl:

(f

c that can take rest
is greater than

l’lC that can take Cities.
ll. ["I‘il/iA/llli
[’mir [infarct/hr .I/Itiillnn‘, 1737

/
. . . . K
There’s a lime to pause in c\'ci‘_v activity. l—
\Vlien you lllilltt‘ iliai pause l't‘il‘t'Hlliilg With 1
ice-cold L‘ocai‘oiii you can ialtc what comes ~

with case.

M

innit an itCl‘llitpl
T. " i ’i *7

aornrn UNl)l.i( AUlIiUlillV or hit COCALOtA COMPANY iiv
lit)’l"l‘l.ll\‘(i ()0.

AIM/\N \' ('(H‘AJ‘UIA

 

Tuesday night Roz Lacks and Sally
Brewer combined forces for an eve-
ning of comedy. Miss Lacks intro-
duced her pity. the first on the bill,
with one of the most effective cur-
tain speeches I’ve heard at State.
Her play centered around a little
man who tried so very hard to be
someone that he succeeded only in
making a fool of" himself. Dick Gut-
ta was masterly in the role. He was
supported by Ruth Dunn. ably play-
ing his wife, and Lee Kotch who
coulcn't quite carry off the light-
ness required in the visiting friend.
Sue Danzis showed through as the
mother-in-law at times.

A few technical imperfections
maired an otherwise smooth pro-
duction. The first flaw was the un-
fortunate one of not being able to
drop the toupec on cue. More care-
less errors lay in the painfully slow
dimming of the house lights before
the play. and in the awkward cur-
tnin call. The set was well suited to
the play but I couldn‘t help wonder-
ing whether the masking for the
hall wasn't a hastily painted after-
thought.

it was good to see new faces in
Miss Brewer‘s play. Transfer student
Diane Wheeler played the daughter
of the household. Freshman Bob
Henderson. the prospective son-in~
.nw to the old British family, gave
a .poity performance. the high
point of which came when he and
Vion were banterlng over the etths
of accepting money. Louis Vion la-
l)(.i"(l heavily as the elder member
of Parliament who sold Ziis family
name lor fifty thousand .tollai's.
wl..l.* M.ideloti Knoerzer portray-"fl
\‘.lIll somewhat more vitality his
Siiillllc wife.

The play never completely recov-
ered from its slow start although
Dick Scott. enlivened it considerably
upon his entrance as the actor who
set out to prove that min will do
anything for money. Minimum scen-
try at. its best formed ll‘n' buck-
ground for Miss Brewer's; play.
Again. however. the sllitivillilit‘ss of
production was lost in slow holisc
licht.-. and an apparently 'iincbcors-
:".i curtain call. Make-up fell down.
too. in not glblng with Henderson‘s
line to Vion about shaving off his
mustache.

—

Disclose Data,

State Quorum:

Fresh Select Leaders
For Rivalry Activities

Nominations for a Senior to re-
place Edmund Leigh '52, who has
resigned as Vice-President of the
class, were opened yesterday at a
meeting of the Senior Class. accord-
ing to Robert Donnelly ’52. Presi-
dent. Yesterday the freshman class
elected Donna Hughes and Robert
DeMichiell to head its rivalry
sports activities. Robert Lundergan.
President has stated. The number
of students needed to comprise a
quorum at class meetings has been
announced by the presidents of the
Senior, Junior, and Sophomore
classes.

Nominations for a Senior to re-
place Lclgh will close this afternoon
at 4:30 p. m. Declinations must be
in by Tuesday at 4:30 p. m.. and
voting will take place in assembly
Friday. November 16. Donnelly has
disclosed.

The quorums of the upper classes
are as follows: Seniors. 25; Juniors
40; and Sophomores. 60. Students
are urged to attend class meetings
as no elections or voting on any
motions can be carried on unless
the required quorum is attained.

Students To Offer Aid
Ai Neighborhood House

The names 01' tryouts who have
volunteered to work at the Clinton
Square Neighborhood House have
been announced by Joseph Lombardi
'53. Chairman of Inter-Group Coun~
cll.

Sophomores who will act as in-
structors at the Neighborhood
House are Eleanor Balskls. stories
and elementary cooking; Marie Mor-
telliti. elementary cooking; Mary
ancry and Susan Stewart. Leader's
Club. and Henry Feucrbach, ath-
letics. Arlene Petti ‘55. will lend the
Saturday morning activities. Vic-
toria Baldino '52, and Henry Kos-
zewskl ‘53. will direct the Teen Cun-
tccn Friday evenings.

 

 

You are cordially invited
to attend luncheon

TEMPERANEE TAVERN

11:30 il.lll.
Dutch

~ 1 pin.
Trent

 

   
 
 
   
  
  
  
 

11

DRINK

((1) test, file cocacou COMI'ANY

it MA:iiw,%hMR~>WiMdﬂ€-ﬁ-ﬁww-rrnx- t» w

 

 

