 

 

 

 

 

...,—.. Sm,
a

 

aw

 

why...

.. .ju-mw. 1-9:. Wis-Fill.“ «r

. . M.m«

 
  

l
i
l
‘i
i.

    
  
     
 
 
 
  
  
  
     
   
 
 
   
   
  
  
    

 

   
   
     
      
 
  
  
   
      
    
       
    
      
         
     
   
    
   
     
  
    
  
   
   

 

PAC! 8
I I “I  

Inter-Sorority Council found itself in a quandry
this Week over an alleged violation of one of its
rules. The situation was of a highly controversial
nature with a great deal of emotion, name-calling
and bitterness involved. Due to a lack of clarity
and since all sorority members were affected, di-
rectly or indirectly, it was decided that an open
meeting was necessary to determine whether those
accused were guilty, and if guilty, to provide suit-
able punishment.

In spite of the Council’s good intentions this
meeting was not successful, as far as an adequate
solution to the problem was concerned. It was,
however, a tremendous success in that it showed
numerous defects in the constitution of this or-
ganization. To set up a constitution which is left
to each individual’s interpretation can only re-
sult in disorder. At some time one individual may
question another’s interpretation of an ambiguous
clause. Definite rules should be written to cover
situations which may arise.

An honorable suggestion was made at the meet-
ing to the effect that honesty and the right spirit
of each member should govern the actions of sor-
orities. Although this is honorable it is, also, im-
practical for obvious reasons. Trouble will arise
again when the honesty and integrity of a person
is questioned without definite proof to the contrary.

As far as the guilt of the sorority involved, Inter-
Sorority Council over-ruled the decision of the sor-
ority members who did not take into considera-
tion, before you can convict you must have a
sound and common basis for judgment. Although
the Council has decided not to press the charges
against the sorority and have removed the fine im-
posed at the open meeting, it is unfortunate that
the reputation of the sorority was damaged before
Inter-Sorority Council found its constitution inade-
quate.

Enough Time To Prepare

Last semester it was decided that it would be
a good idea for State Fair’s opening show to con-
sist of faculty talent. Students connected with the
arrangements went to the faculty to see if they
would consent. Unfortunately, a misunderstanding
arose and the faculty will not present the show.

Several members of the faculty felt that the
students catne to them because a lack of time to
prepare a show was involved. The faculty reas-
oned that if students could not find time, they
couldn’t either. Other members of the faculty
stated that they would not ' d doing a show
if they were given adequate me to prepare for
it. This is understandable. A few members vol-
unteered to participate as part of the cost in a
student production. However, they voice the same
opinion concerning advance notice.

To alleviate similar situations in the future, it
might be a better idea to appoint a chairman for
State Fair earlier than is the custom now. This
year the faculty Couldn’t be consulted until the
chairman had tnade his final arrangements. if ap-
pointed sooner his program would have been more
definite and organized. Next year, the chairman
being appointed earlier, State may witness its first
faculty show in a long time.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY i9|ﬂ
BY THE CLASS OF IDII

ItATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 16. 1051 No. 15

hit-miter Distributor

Associated l'oilegitile l‘t'eroi i‘olicgiale Digest
The undergraduate neWspaper of the New York State i'ol‘
logo for 'i'citchcrs; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS iloaril for the Student Association.
l'lioncn: li‘cuact. '.' '.iiil‘.‘: Wolfe. MI ll:li'.£; Milli. .‘i lliili. \ieni
lici'il of the .\l'2\\'S ~I.iil' illil) he reached Tuesday and
\i'cilnemiay from 7 to if it” p in at :l ii-llt'l.

HARM WEN/ll“. » — - - - ~ - - It‘illtor-lII-(‘iiliii
(IDLDII'J N\\.\It'l‘Z - - - - - - L‘o-Aluliuuliiu Editor

 

VOL. XXXV

HERALD Dt..‘l.\' - - - - - - - (Jo-Muiiuuliig Editor
EVICIJ .\ \H)l.l"l‘l - ‘ — - - - Public Relation». Editor
I'AUL Ill (‘IMIAN - - - - - - - - - Mim‘lu I'lilitor
IIEVEIH.) Iitlll.ltt\ - - - - - (‘lreiilutioii Manager
JANE t'litlIt - — - — - - - - — Advertising Muriimor
JOSEPH l'l KIH' - - - - - - — - Iiuiiliioioii Manager

I‘Itt‘lclilA ltA’l‘TiS'i'l ~ - - - - - - l‘lncluiiiue I'Zditol
Nlbltlhlt ('AIttillJ. - - - - < - ~ - Armor-lute Idiiilm
\‘lt'TfHUA MADE - - ~ - - - - ~ Anuucliitu liltlilor
(HtAt‘l‘; SMII'II - - - - - » « ~ - Armor-lute Editor

 

ISSUE EDITOR - - - - - - . - NOIUNE CAltGlliL

 

All communtciiitonn nhoulii he iiiliiremiod to lllll edilor aliil
moat lu~ iligneil .‘iitlllrn win be withheld upon request
The .‘ilA’i'l'l l‘tll.l.l‘i(il'.' NEWS tinniiinen no rmponaiiilllly
loi‘ opiiiioun I‘Xllrl'hnt'll lit iln l'llllllllilil or coiullilllili‘tilIonn
In. such i-Ajil't-milolln do not iii-icnuiii'llj i’cimcl iln View.

 

 

4W4

 

 

 

"A" COLLIOI um. FRIDAY. FIIIUAIY IO. 1"!

WET-Slim ‘05! it”

 

BROTHERHOOD WEEK
Spontﬂd $111" Npiionilsonfsrance of Christie-and if:

 

31ml! We 7mm and 4acultq

 

As members of N.YS.<;.'I‘., I'm
sure we would like. to see the qual-
ity of our school improve. In my
opinion, one way to do this is to
improve the faculty.

If the job of the teachers in this
institution were solely to show us
how to be better teachers. then
everything would be fine. But, if
their job is also to teach us subject
matter, then some would be com-
plete failures. For as We all know.
the student is graded on his subject
matter. not on whether he has
learned to teach or not.

I'm sure you will agree that in a
teachers' institution only the “best”
teachers should be in front of the
classroom. Should a teacher who is
constantly unprepared. who cannot
inspire his class. many of whose
students always fail, who has to
lower his curve so that they may
pass—should this so-called teacher
he allowed to discourage. to show
these bad examples to the future
teachers of American children?
There are teachers who are very
interested in their students (rarely)
and work very hard and yet they
cannot put anything across. (And
what good is that?) When students
complain year after year and fail
consistently to learn the subject
matter, something seems to point
to the instructor. tOf course we may
rationalize and say that these “di-
rectors ot' higher education" sche
a very useful purpose in that they
show the student body how not to
tcacii.t What is my solution you
may ask?

As far as i can see there are two
solutions to our problem. t’I‘hero
may be others. of courst The stu—
dent. I think, has a inghl to express
his opinion on a matter such as this
and one way to do this is to get up
a petition to remove a teacher. ’l‘hls
:.olulion tnay be it little unfair to
the teacher ii may ask. does he do-
serve any fairness after what he
has done. to life stildiillt'H. (living
the teacher the benefit of the doubt.
i think the second solution would
give more satisfaction to both the
student and the teacher. A student-
teaclicr committee should make up
a rating sheet to judge. the teacher.
iAfter all the teacher does judge the
student lil his marking.) it would
probably resemble the one used in
Millie by supervisors to rate the
practice teachers. The "good" teach—

By COHEN and VENTIMIGLIA

 

 

 

ers would have no objection to this
proposal; the results of such an ex-
periment. or better. judgment would
give us a valid picture of the situ-
ation, I think.

You see (cried the man from the
mountain top to the wind and the
clouds). if We are to maintain our
high standards. We must not only
weed out the incapable students. but
also the incapable teachers. But now
back to our bridge game or our cup
of coffee at the Boo]. this nonsense
doesn't affect us. does it????

 

7W’ ﬂu 74¢ 70am

 

By JEANNINE BURKE

Whether it’s a post-celebration
with your Valentine, D. celebration
for Washington's birthday, or just
a celebration, there will be many
things to do in Albany and vicinity
during the coming weeks.

Bob Sncidcr of WOKO is bringing
another one of his feature present-
ations. The Longlnc Symphoncltc,
to the R.P.I. Field House Sun-
day. at 8:30 p. m. All of you who
have heard and enjoyed this out<
standing musical group on their
Sunday night radio progratn won‘t
want to miss this performance at
the Field House.

'litis concert which was to be giv-
on by pianist Vladimir Horowitz at
lllc Palace Theater on Friday. Feb-
ruary 23. has brcn cuiicclied. For
the (Lsappointcd fans the Palace
'lhcatcr will offer the Nelion Eddy
t‘ottt'i'i't on ’l‘ucsiluy, March l3. al.
0:30 p.m. licsirvcd seals tnuy be
obtained at. the Palace or Villl (Jur-
lir's.

'l‘. e pttblic chuckled enough over
the comedy. Strange Bedfellows, ut
the Playhouse to hold it there for
I third Week. it it doesn't run for
a fourth Week. nnolher comedy will
replace it on ’l‘uesday. the Broad-
way tilt. ’lhe Silier Whistle. lloti'l.
lorgct that admission is by student
tax plui ’lfic. ’l‘uesduys llirough it'ri-
days

Here’s something that could really
"cut some ice" Willi you. The Skat-
lug Vunilics will appear at lhe
W.i.~hington Ave. Armory for live
days. ll'cbrunrv 20 through ‘.l-l. With
it special Washington’s birlhilay
matinee for which the tickets will
be $1.50.

 

em 6&1!»
By (roams and KYLE ‘

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those a, the STATE Cosmo-
le5.

DOWN WITH BIG 4’s

Seems to be the ultimate aim of the “restrictive”
proposals being discuSSed this past week . . . . if such
is the Wish of the rivalry committee, and more im-
portant. the administration, then it would be better
to do away with them immediately and completely
. . . rather than let them die the slow death pro-
posed . . . to ask a group to put on a fairly large scale
musical in two or three weeks is asking next to the
impossible . . . and to relegate them to skit status
is to throw out any reason for their existence . . . but
for getting a class to work together, the Big 4's are
about the best thing we have.

GREEKS GONE WILD
Girl Greeks. that is . . . this is a fine time for inter-
sorority wrangling . . . and we do mean wrangling
. over Whether the spirit of the law or the letter
of the law is to be followed in rusnmg . . . with
Silent period and formal weekend coming up, chaos
seems to he reigning . . . anyWay one thing is certain
. . sorority rules need ciariiication and revision
down to the minutest detail . . . but don‘t let it bother
you frosh . . . it will all calm down after the bids are in.

MASQUES, FORSOO’I‘II!

When the English Department lets down its hair,
lifts up its skirts and shows its legs . . . and trips
the light fantastic . . . Renaissance style . . . record-
ers, Eil..abethan food, and a self-conscious faculty
will all help contribute to “ye olde atmosphere” at
the English evening next Thursday.

WE LIKE TO PEEP
We don‘t know how you feel about it . . . but We
sort of like to peek into the lounge now and again
. and if those proposed drapes or blinds ever go
up on the doors it Will spoil our bird's eye view of
the goin's on there . they probably won’t cost
much . . . but it does seem rather foolish.

KUKES AWAY

Now that Ollie is back and a new semester is here.
maybe the Kuklapoiitans will become an active group
on campus again . . . with pageants and assembly pro-
grams and guest speakers.

TIIE BIG MEETING

Held some time ago to straighten out room sign-up
confusion seems to have worked out pretty well . . .
with the exception of the lounge . . . conditions there
have gotten worse lately . . . organizations not signed
up for that coveted spot are moving in and displacing
other groups who legally belong there . . . a commit—
tee has been appointed to look into the matter . . .
let's hope they iron out this oversight

NOTHING LIKE lNl’I‘IA’I‘IVE
We always say . . . and Debate Council certainly
showed some . . . their money-savmg scheme should
turn back quite a bit of inoticy to SA . . . anti this
is one time when the end scents to justify the means
. . many miles to you, Thomas. the boy!

 

 

TO BLAZES

With the blazers . . . they sciiied like a good idea
first brought up before Student Association . . . but
after seeing them. although they don‘t look bad . . .
they don't seem to be worth the money.

BROTHERIIOOD WEEK

Year after year the old “brotherhood” line is thrown
at us . . .and that’s fine. but . . . if plain old mutual
respect were shown by people for 305 days, there would
be no need for an emphasis wcck.

MODERN DANCE

Both l) and A Affiliates and WAA are starting ino-
clcrn ounce groups . . . instructions will be. free . . .
the difference is that one is co-ed iind the other is
homogeneous . . . so choose wisely or else go inde-
pendent.

'I‘Ills‘ Witl'l‘ES 30
To a semester of (iot'sklc and Kyle making like
columnists . . . it's been fun . . .so long!

 

College Calendar - - -

 

l~‘ltlDAY. ‘.'”EliltllAltY Ill
12 noon (.‘iraituate (flab niccling in ltoom 20

0:00 p.m. Sorority ilufl'ct. Suppers.

SATURDAY. l-‘Eilltlittitl’ I7
7:00 p.m. Sororin li‘ormal Dinners

Sl'NDAY, li‘l-JliltliAltY iii

10:00 am. lltllcl llrcukfust at Washington Avenue
Synagogue

4:00 pin. [’1 (lllllllllll Mu meeting at.
Cnlhcrlne Newbolil

home of

'l‘l'En‘DAI’. li‘l'illlll'AltY 130
0.30 pm. All l’luys iii Page llall

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY :3
0.30 p.m. (‘.onuucrcc Club linmpiel at llcrbcrl's

’l‘illHtSlnH’. li'i‘llilll'AltII 1:35

7:30 p m. Ncwtuait Club meeting at Ncwntan Hall
7:30 pm. ()lii'iiillan Science meeting in ltootn 111
0:00 pm. English EVi-ning in lounge

 

AD I  Stage

English Comedy, Plan Schedule Of Future" :chllVl’lli’eS‘ Al,  

Hibernian Drama

An Irish tragedy and an English
comedy will comprise the Advanced
Dramatics Laboratory plays to be
given Tuesday in Page Hall. These
presentations. directed by Georgina
Magmess ’51. and David Manly ’52,
will commence at 8:30 p.m.

The tragedy is set in a small fish-
ing village off the coast of Ireland.
The cast includes Virginia Page.
Grad. Martha Downey '51. Louise
Petfielcl and Thomas Hughes. Soph-
omores. Also included in the cast
are Phyllis Harris ‘51, Dorothy Si-
mons, Dorothea Harding. Sara Dan-
zis. Marion Gorskie and John Smith-
ler. Juniors. and John Laing ’54.

Committee heads are: Make-Up.
Patricia Graft '51; Sets. Thomas
Holman; Costumes, Henry Smith;
Props. Marvin Poons; House, David
Shepard; and Publicity. Edward
Kyle. Juniors.

An English vaudeville team coli-
stitutc.~; the plot of Manly's presen-
tation. The cast of this musical
comedy includes Frederic Knoerzer
'51, Joyce Shafer. Florence Kloscr.
Edward Kyle. Ross Frederico. Jun-
iors, and Neil Brown '54.

Chairmen of committees are
Make-Up, Ross Federico; Sets. Dor-
othea hurtling; Props. Robert Don-
nclly; Lights. Dorothy Simons;
Publicity. Sara Danzis; Costumes.
Thomas Holman; and House. David
Shepard. Juniors.

Today at Dclanson High School.
a folk comedy. "Quare Medicine" by
Patti Gl'ccn. will be presented by
Joyce Shufcr '52. Members of the
cast are Patricia Gl‘iliT '51, Richard
Scott. Robert Hughes and Frank
Hodge. Sophomores.

This is the second time this year
that AD plays have been presented
off campus. Last semester “Pyranius
and Thisbc“ directed by Robert
Donnelly ‘52. was presented at
Scotiu High School.

Council Sponsors
Special Programs

Reno S. Knousc. Professor of
Commerce. atid the Director of the
National Coni'crcncc of Christians
and Jews. has relinquished his priv-
ilcuc of contacting the radio stu-
lions of thc Albany Aria for Bl'illll-
erliood week to a group of students
working ill ('(llljlllli'llUll with ltudio
Council. llCt‘itl‘Jlllg to George Kline
 Prtsulcnt ol lludio Council. All
the local radio stations have donated
titiic during the coming Week for
the presentation of programs feat-
uring students and faculty members.

Students Sl'lli‘lllllt'd to llill'LiClini‘
in the program are George Kllllf‘.
Stuart (‘.utcs. Donald Itly. and Ruth
Licpmunn. Ht'lliiil‘s. Other students
who will take part in the inter-
views. lectures. skits. cic.. arc Jo-
seph Persico '52. :m.i Joseph Lotti-
bardt. Murion liowirii. licnry Kos—
'/.c\vski. and 'l hotnus llugltcs. Sopho-
ill()l'iS. .lcun liar.in and Doris ling-
cn. freshmen.

Ml'llllli'l'H of the fucully to appear
on these progrnns are David llart-
icy. ln:.lructor .n lsl.lucation. and Dr.
thham Vickery. llircclor ol' the
Center for Community Study and
lilil'l'.{l'llll|) liiduculton. l"lll'i|li'l' lil-
iiirntttlloti \\ill he posted (ill the
ltuilio (‘ouiu-il bulletin board in
llitsicd.

State Debate Team
Will Oppose Siena

’l‘hc Stale (‘oilege llt'lmic 'l‘eam
wtil llll‘l'l Htcttu iii an inter-collegi-
ale debate tomorrow at Stcna Attila
lttlcnlclii ‘.‘iii. and James 'l'honipson.
.loAnne lloilc. and Mtirilynn Mey-
ers. l't‘i-shnicn. will represent Htalc
’l‘lie topic for the dcbulc will he the
national lllll’l‘~(‘llll(".:illlt’ loptc ol’ the
ycar. "ltesolvcil: 'l‘hnl the non»
(‘Ullllillllllni nations of the world
should iornt .i ncw internalioiml or~
gain/.allon "

Miro. l.ili-niclil. Publicity llircclor
oi llt'liillt‘ (‘ouncil. has also released
the munes of colleges winch the dc-
balors will Illi‘I'l in tile Iulure 'i‘hc
l'lilll‘ill". lIll'llllll" Ulll\l'|‘hli)' in (‘.olt~
necitcul. litilri-t'~t|\ ol Vt‘l'llllllli.
West i’otnl. (loi‘lland. uitd Chain—
plain.

.. .. ..‘ K

 

 ‘ i‘fiﬁ‘ié’Ei-i-"iéi’fli’ilh-"filhﬁlttéiltiﬁ "‘3. use. . .

Committee Members...For Brotherhood Week;

bow, Ruth Liepmann. James Jiusto and George Kline.

  

Members of the State College student committee for Brotherhood Week are: Mary Fenzel, Carol Le-

 

Shades Of Old State Fairs Throw Light
Upon Origins Of 7957 Midway Shows

Titties have changed and so has
State 1air! The army was in full
swing in ‘42 when fellows. having
..11 abundant choice at State. decid-
ed to charge a nickel for each dance.
“'Ihcm days aren't gone forever!"
The professional “hams” in 1942,
mimicked army life although they
preferred the books to K.P. duty.

In 1944. the “Fuchi'ur's” face was a
target for darts. (Hasn‘t anyone
though. of Joe Stalin?) The year's
Div.) show was a great suceers even
withou. the poputar support of males
wlzo were serving in the armed
ii)l'i'('.‘..

‘Hi-yo Silver!" The Lone Rati-
gcr rode again in 1945 as various
.rg..ni/..it.o.i.s iicnt west. Originality
.n. a row high as every one scurried

Music Class Plans
Operetta, ’lolanihe

Music Council is currently com-
plitnig plans for the annual oper-
atic production "Io.nnthc" by Gil—
bert illld Sullivan. according to an
atmounccmcnt received from Clar—
ycc Pirrctlu ‘51. President. The
comic fantasy opcrctta Will be stag-
c.i on tiro evenings. Friday, March
it and b'lllZl‘ill)’. Marclt 10. at 8:30
p.m. in Page Hall. and is under the
il.l'i'l'lllill o1 Dr. Charles F. Stokes
and Mr. Karl A. B. Peterson.

’l‘i.c cast includcs Joseph Crurilla.
tirad; Elsie ’lliorpc. Nancy Burdick,
iduunc Wcl.;.stcr and Gordon Bcn-
tictt. Seniors; Virginia Maurcr '52;
l.oui:c l’cllicld and Mary MircF‘ar-
land. S'iphomorcs; Helen Kosinski.
Marion Schock. Alfred Short and
Hank (ii.llllllltlllt‘. l'rcslnnen. There
is a chorus and ucconipnnimenl. by
llic orchestra.

'l‘u'kcls arc now on stile at the
Slztic College (.‘o—op and nmsic
slot'i-~.. lle:cr\‘e.l seats are $1.25 and
cinczul u [mission is $.00. Students
may u...- lhiin' student. tax tickets.

Commulets Club (homes White
V ice-President In Recent Election

\

liclii ll'l' While '02. was elected in
the posl ol Vice—President of the
('illlllllllil'l'h (‘.luh. according to Mary
Maguirc '52. President. Miss Wlilto
will assume her duties Monday.

A |)illll'l to discuss high school
newspapers will be formed to aid
lllimi' cotnniltlcrii who Wish to learn
llll‘ Iuiulanienluls of journalism.
Students \\lll also he uciptatiilcd
\\lill the unique features of the high
school publication.

 

to dance to the music of the “Hu-
man Nickelodian.”

Vettrans were well diverted iii ‘46
as “les iemines" of State College pre-
pared tossing booths and model
peep shoWs w..icn were a preview to
1531‘s Mair'iage Bureau. For the
i.i'st tithe. foreign cafes and food
captuieu the appeal of the fair—
gocrs as it does today.

ii‘rankcnsteiii found a match in
1041‘s freak show which had all
State 011 “pins anti needles." Can
t..c Horror Show of 19b1 make Lllcll‘
ildll‘ storm on end?

Even lt..lph Edwards couldn‘t un-
sw.r the question. “Who is Miss
Shush?" in 1945. We all joined in
the “Good Neighbor Poucy“ as con—
cessions began using more foreign
backgrounds.

Let‘s jotuncy by magic carpet to
the 1051 State Fair Saturday. Feb—
ruary 24. What new ideas will be
prtscnted? Will 01d thcmcs creep
iiilo the backgrounds of newer ver-
sions?

Shows may come and shows may
go. bitt traditions seem to live on
forever. A noticeable feature of pre-
nous tails was the down-to—carth
pi‘rform..nces of lhc faculty but
Judging is their only field this year.

Variety is tie spice of State Fair!
Organizations llil\'c little repetition
in their tlicmcs for gambling cits-
inos. animal follies uiid general
‘.-oru.\" eniirtnintncnl for lair-
lovers.

Frosh Receives Warning
For Tradition Violation

According to Martha Downey ‘51.
Myk llllll has lrhlll‘il a second warn-
ing to a member of the Class of 'ii-i
for \iol.tt‘.on of State College tradi-
ill.ll. 'l"‘c ircshnnui who received
the warning is Shirley Ncllts.

A llnrd warnin: will require a
public apology before Sludcnl Asso-
cmlion.

 

| emit, 4m |

Dr. Robert W. Frederick. Profes-‘
sor of Education. and Dr.- Theodore
Fossicck. Principal of the Milne
School. attended the National Asso-
ciution of Secondary School Princi-
pals February 10 to 14 in New York
City. Dr. Fossieck presided as chair-
man of the School and College Re-
lat;ons Committee at the Associa-
tion meeting.

Sevrr..l professors will participate
in panel discussions of the National
Association of Business Teachers of
Ti’ili'llt‘l‘ Training Institutions to be
held at Atlantic City. to-
..ay and tomorrow. Dr. Edward
(.oopcr. Professor of Commerce. will
take part on the panel dealing with
tie problems of the admission stan-
clar.'s. Dr. Milton Olson. Director of
Commerce Education. will particip—
ate oii the panel discussing the
problems of cooperative work experi-
ence program. Dr. Donald Mulkerne.
Supervisor of Business Education in
the Millie School. will assist in the
prcscnlntion concerning demonstra-
tion lessons iii typing. Dr. Don
Orton. Director of the Education
Department. will attend a confer-
ence dealing with off campus teach-
ing.

The following persons have been
added to the staff to take the places
of fucull" on leaves of absence: Ed-
gar D. Eckcss. A.B.._M.A.. Biology
Inslructor; Robert. J. GllltZ. A.B..
A.M,. has become an Inslructor iti
Foreign lainguagcs in Milne: Syl—
vuin M. I-iii':.ty. BS. has filled a
\’ll('llli".' as Instructor in Chemistry:
Albert J. Wood. BS. is the new In—
structor in Mtisic in Milne

llr. M. Anncl‘c Dobbin. Assistant
Professor of Modern Languages. has
bein named Assistanl Professor-in-
chargc for next year‘s Junior Year
in France. This program is spon-
sored by Sweet Brinr College.

 

 

l0‘,‘ii DISCOUNT T0
STUDENTS and FACULTY
0N RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 02-02-21
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

SAVE 10% .—

BOULEVARD

l'lltiNE 04013

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUT."

tritium (‘EN‘I‘IiAL AVENI'F.
MEAI. TICKETS

ON FOOD COSTS __

SAVE 10%

OAFETERIA

ALBANY, N. I.

 

— $5.50 FOR $5.00

       

hail ' 

*- Lt'i'r' tuna. ‘t

 

Carlo, Clemente

“Dis-timer; Nines:  ,

Off Bis)~""éii-;.Chsts
’52 Schedule: Meeting;
To Hold Theath Party .

. Announcements received from
Patrick Carlo '53, and Alfred Clem-
ente '54, Vice-President and Presi-

dent of the Sophomore and fresh-

man classes respectively. reveal that
both classes are at work on their
Big-4’s. The-cast for the Sophomore
production under the direction of
John Lannon ’53, has been chosen,
and the freshmen have selected a
tentative» cast.

'Harvey Robinson ’52. President,
has announced that there will be
an important Junior class meeting
Thursday noon in the Lounge, at
which further arrangements con-
cerning Junior Weekend are to be
made.

The cast of major characters for
'53's Big-4 is as follows: Miss K..
Joan DeVinney; Elmer. Frank
Hodge; Rose. Louise Petfield; Wal-
ter. Richard Scott; Musty. Rosemary
Keller; Jerry. Alan Sweitzer; Jackie.
Virginia O'Connell; Ed. James
Hughes; Pamela. Ruth Dunn; and
Chris. Richard Jacobson.

Those included in the tentative
cast for the freshman Big-4 are:
Mary Massi. Alfred Hotzinger. Jo-
seph Luce. Leo Bennett. Harry Warr.
Kenneth Stevenson. and Ronald
Ferguson. Rehearsals have been
been scheduled for each Wednesday
and Friday afternoon and Saturday
morning at times and places to be
announced.

At the last Junior meeting, the
class voted to have a Roller Skatinr
Party and a Theater Party. All
Juniors are urged to attend the
meting Thursday, according to Rob-
inson.

Honorary Plans
Meeting Series

I‘i Gamma Mu is sponsoring a
Social Studies Afternoon at the
home of Catherine Newbold. In-
structor in Social Studies. Sunday at
4 p.m.. according to Michael La-
n‘ianna of. President. This is to be
the first of a series of meetings
sponsored by the honorary frater-
nity.

The topic discussed will be "Re-
solVed: The Seven Years War was
a Cause of the Revolution." Miss
Newbold and Harry S. Price. In-
structor in Social Studies. will dis-
cuss new viewpoints concerning the
topic.

'1hc first Social Studies After-
noon will include members of Pi

A~ Gamma Mu and Social Studies ma-

jors and minors selected from the
classes. The forthcoming meetings
will be open to all interested per-
sons. A buf’fct lunch is planned fol-
lowing the discussion.

 

Co-op

For Men Only: Picture your-
self late for class. just got up.
can't understand why you slept so
late. You (tress for school in a
hurry. Where is your tie? In the
closet? No! on the door knob?
No! On the bed post? No, not
there either. Ahhhh! There is is
—under the bed with the dust
and text books.

Fear not, tremble no more. the
(‘o-op has come to your rescue
with the new plastic tie
rack in college colors. It will
cost you $1.05 and you'll never
regret It. (Tandy? Sure it"
gaudy. but it will liven up a
drab dorm room.

 

Famous llipon Loafer Sox are
on stile tlils week at 10% off rc-
tail price. You can't beat these
soxs for dorm wear. after ski-
ing, after slashing up Western
or Washington Aves.

 

Before long we. will have ii line
of Eaton Stationery in the store.
line. and purliascd some numbers.
Don't miss them when they come
in for resale.

STATE 001LEOE
00-0?

 

 

 

   

 

 

