PAGE 2

Big Four . . .

There will be a motion in assembly today to
discard Big 4 productions in favor of an All State
Revue. Tryouts for all phases of the production
would be open to all members of Student Associ-
ation and the proceeds of the production would be
used by the Student Facilities Board for College
Union Facilities. This motion is an attack upon
one of State’s traditions.

Those who are advocating this change centered
their arguments in Student Council (who voted
the motion down by 16 to 3) around the following
considerations: 1. The same benefits from this
show in which all classes would participate could
be gained as are gained from the Big Four. 2.
There will be a shift from class to school spirit.
3. The school has more to offer in a two hour show
in respect to acting ability and more people will
be able to participate in the work on sets and pub-
licity. 4. More people from school and from the
city of Albany will attend such a production. 5.
Responsibility can be developed in organizations
other than the Big 4’s.

Can the same benefits truly be derived from
this new production? If State is to open the pro-
duction to all members of SA, it will find that the
show will be dominated by Seniors and Juniors.
The responsibility and organization of an incom-
ing class is quite (.Iependent upon the Big Fours.

The problem of spirit has once again come irrto
discussion. Spirit is an intangible thing; it is dif-
ficult to determine exactly wirere spirit lies. if it
can be based upon the attendance at Big Fours, in
the past it is evident that many Seniors and jun-
iors have attended and have participated by do-
nating money as boosters of the productions.

We will not deny that probably the school has
more to offer in a two hour show with the Sen-
iors who have had much ruore experience in act—
ing. The question is, is it worth depriving the
Freshmen and Sophomores from getting to know
each other through a production of their own in
order that students can enjoy a more coordinated
show? is it mort important that freshnreii get to
know the upperclassmeir or should they get to
know their own classmates first? ()ther receptions
are held for the freshmen offering them opportu—
nities to meet the upperclassmen.

As far as the attendance to these shows by the
citizens of Albany is concerned, l) (\I A usually
sponsors two professional shows at State each year.
and in spite of excellent publicity. the city of Al-
bany does iiot respond. Do you think that .-\l—
hairy will come because this production will be
better than 21 iii}, 4?

It is true that responsibility can be developed
in organizations other than liig Fours. However.
since the organizations on campus have small
memberships. a liig Four can give responsibility
to more people the freshmen and Sophomores
who need such a task for social development.

When you vote today iii assembly. consider
that changes take time. it is not logical to change
for the sake of changing. ’l‘lie responsibility will be
placed on the Presidents of the four classes the l‘res-
ideiifs of SA. l) (\t A. and .\lusic Council. (‘oiisid-
er thoroughly that tiiese people are already busy
leading their own organizations. Although there
certainly are evils in the liig hour as now set up.
vote no to the motion and place the responsibility
on those people who need it; let the freshmen and
sophomores attempt to iron out the evils with the
advice of the upiierciassmen.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAV 19l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

liA'l'lNH—IHNS'I‘ (‘LASS

VOI... XXXVI October 26. 10:31 No. if
Member litsll'liillliii'
Associated t‘ulli'ulato l'l‘css l'oliiylalc lllgrwl
'l'lir- undergraduate newspaper of the \‘r-w York State t‘ol
legr- i'oi' leaf-hers published every Friday or ii... pulp.”
year by llll' .\l-2\\'S lloat'Il for liti' Student Association

  
 

\It'ltliii r- of ih. \l-;\\‘.\‘ -f.ill m fr. lu- r. li'lii‘rl Tuesday .ind
IilIl \\miii- day It fro It i. to .i' _'.t.'l;‘|l Iiivf ll
l'li-rln S 1 till J.‘ :1. I'Ia-Ir» ~.' her lliii’irs Il'_‘l\|\

Editor—iii Mile!

7 r ‘ lliiiiiigliig Editor
7 Public Itelullonn Editor
7 - Sport» I'Iilltor
Iiiisliiens \llIIHIL't‘I‘
(li'ciiluflou “hunger
ICu-lmugo I'lliillll‘
Advertising Editor
Ifi-allll‘e I'iililiil'
.‘Nﬂiﬂ'lllll‘ l‘lllntll'
Anni-lulu llltllllll‘
Arum-lute I‘lllliill‘
.\nnnlille I‘lllllui'

tilt.“ ll Slll‘l'll -
\'I("l'|llll.\ l‘..\lll.
.Ntllll\l£ ( \IHiII.I.
IN)\AI.II I” "NH
liihlll'lll‘l‘ J.\('O|i\
Ii.\l(||.\l(.\ .lle E r
INIICO'I ll\ llef'H'f (l
PATH“ l.\ HAITI-l H( II
IIH‘.\I. lHil‘./.I\Hl\\
IIIIZNKT Iiilizl'2\\hlil
I'ZH'I‘IIEIT \IATAliIh
HAIHIAIIA l'l'1.\('l'l
l‘ll.|'l..\lil'l'|’|i l'l..\’l I‘

.\ll I'Hllllllllilii'llliril|~. should lo- .rrlrti'o-oool to Iii. editor and

lllllhl lu- slurred \ano‘ w... he withheld upon request
llll' h'lA'I l: lltl.|.l'.lili .\l}\\.‘4 wmiriiii-n no lt'\|tirlt\livlli|\
lol opiliiuliw expressed In il< ‘Hllilllll‘i or ioiiiiiillliti'urtniis
.-. up i. .ixltlt .si. on I... o for.» lll'lil li‘l wt ila \lvvv

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26. 19!!

 

 

4» WI? Wad

-——————" By VASILIKE PANTELAKOS

_—__—-——

Having represented State Collegea New York State Chairman.

as a whole at a Seminar-Institute
Conference on the United Nations.
we. Morton Cohn and I, Would like
to report on that conference and
how it affects State.

But first some background ma-
terial on the Collegiate Council for
the United Nations, which sponsor-
ed the conference.

In June. 1946, college students
from all parts of the country. State
representatives among them, met in
New York for the First Annual In-
ter-Collegiate Institute on the Unit-
ed Nations. sponsored by the Amer-
ican Association for the U.N.

At the close of this conference to
study the U.N. in action. the rep-
resentatives determined to set up
a permanent organization to bring
home to every student his respon-
sibility for building international
cooperation and a strong U.N.

And so the CCUN was born.

The enthusiasm of this group
spread so that the original 32 chap-
ters have grown in four years to
190 chapters.

The June Institute, in addition to
its role as a source of ﬁrst hand
knowledge and inspiration on the
U.N.. has now become the annual
convention where CCUN officers are
elected and policy determined.

Through the Student Commission
of the World Federation of U.N.
Associations. with which CCUN co—
operates. through foreign represent—
ation at the Institute. CCUN also
plays a leading role in international
student cooperation.

State College belongs to the CCUN
via Forum. There is also a closer
connection in that all CCUN activ-
ities in the Capital Area and in the
area encompassed by the northern
New York State border and half-
way down the Hudson Valley vvlll
radiate from State since one of
State‘s delegates was chosen to be

 

GWM

 

To the Editor:

Myskania rectifies the error made
iii the counting of votes for the
Who's Who election. held Friday.
October 19. 1951. The error changes
the election results. At the time
that this paper went to press yes-
terday afternoon. the filial results
had riot been determined. The re-
sults and tabulations will be an-
nounced on the Myskanla bulletin
board Monday.

The error was civic to the fact
that we inlsiriterprCted the election
procedure. We eliminated in the
satire distribution ris vVe elected. In
the correct procedure. election has
precedence over elimination. Slirce
there were so innny individuals to
be elected. Who's Who is an tiri—
usuul election. and the preferential
system is modified. On the other
elections. Myskiinin was able to
follow the strict preferential sys-
tem. and no inistnkcs were made.

We hope that we have caused no
lndividuul‘s embrii'i'itssment. and
that no lirrrd feelings have been
created.

Sincerely.
Myskiuiln.

 

.l’adt Week in ﬂattedes;

 

'l‘lie feature of last week‘s assem-
bly was it speaker from the United
Nations sponsored by Forum. Dr

Robert Stiiincs of Australia. (llllci

There is a two way liason between
the U.N. and the college campuses
as evidenced by the statement that
Trygve Lie made. “Nothing is more
important to the success of the U.N.
than the intelligent interest of a
large number of thinking people . . .
It is the privilege and duty of every
college man and woman to play a
leading part in this work. By or-
ganizing activities on behalf of the
U.N., the CCUN is rendering a most
valuable service. 

A conference of CCUN was held
June. 1951. Mrs. Franklin D. Roose-
velt opened the conference with a
speech on human rights. On succes-
sive nights we heard Ahmed Bok—
hain of Pakistan. Fawzi Bey of
Egypt. to name only two out of
25 speakers, all key men in the U.N..
presenting world viewpoints clearly
and concisely.

The students—approximately 65——
representing 40 colleges from all 0v-
er the country and 11 foreign coun-
tries very quickly welded together
into three major committees to dis-
cuss and draw up resolutions to be
presented to the President, Con-
gress. and the U.N. The three COlll-
mlttees were Far Eastern Policy.
U.S. Foreign Policy. and Food and
People.

We visited U.N. headquarters
building. the Trusteeship Council in
session at Flushing Meadows. and
the U.S. Mission tWarren Austin's
headquarters).

We heard all views and presented
our own. State's delegates partici-
pated very actively in all phases of
activities and came brick with a
sort of missionary zeal to promote
the U.N. on this and Capital Area
campuses. One result was the pre-
sentation of Dr. Robert Staines in
the October 19 assembly. We hope.
with an eye toward the future. to
bring more U.N. speakers and ar-
range U.N. activities in which the
whole student body can participate.

State‘s students. because they will
be teachers. have a vital. though
indirect. role to play in internation-
al affairs. The CCUN can help us
do that.

 

7W’ 9n 74c 704414:
By JEAN RASEY

 

Just received a card from Capitol
Records. Inc. announcing the re—
sults of a poll taken among the top
disc jockeys in the Uiilted States.
Riiy Anthony voted top band leader
of '51 . . . Les Paul and Mary Ford‘s
“How High The Moon“ top pop rec-
ord . . . Tennessee Ernie‘s “Shot—
gun Boogie" top western and folk
record . . . Mel Blunc‘s. “I Taut I
'l‘riw a Puddy Tut.“ top kiddie rec-
ord.

“Oliver Twist.“ is now playing at,
the Colonial. Student admission is
74c. The evening show begins irt
6:30 pan. and Saturday and Sunday
mafinees at 2 pin.

'l‘lie Stan Kenton Concert. with
June Christy and do of the world‘s
foremost instrumentalists will be
featured at the RPI Field House
'l‘ucsdiiy. October 30. Curtain time is
8:111) pan. and ndniission will be
$1.21). $1.81). and $2.40. tax included.
Reserved seats may be obtained iif
airy of the downtown music stores.

“’l‘lie Happy Time" is on (lO\\'ll at
the Playhouse. it had a two year
run in New York City where it. re-
ceived rave notices. Tickets are $.85
and curtain time is 11:21) pan.

'l‘lie first in a series of progriuns
of organ music begun October 2-1

of the l‘itilll‘tliltlll Seetloii under 0hr- at St (ieorgc's Church in Schenec-

Secreturtiit oi the United Nations.

only by Duncan 'l‘rolter (iiilespie.

spoke on the challenge to teachers organist nird clroiriiiuster. ()ii ()cto-
to save future generations from the. ber :11 life profil'unl will hare music

unpleasant experience of war. Sen—

iipproprfirte to All Snintsildc. Musie

iors also filled in nomination blanks of lluch Will be played November 7.
for (tumpns Queen and several un- A program of modern music No-

lltlillli‘t‘lllt'lllh' \\'t'l'1‘ llltl(lt‘.

lir. Stiiincs gave Stutc students a lime in the (‘iiplfiil
brief outline of the United Nations

vciiihcr l-l wrll feature for the first
District. Dc

Mtlit‘lllltl‘l‘illl'ﬁ "Symphony of the

MM mg (“um m- m...” (,1 our ]«l(lri— Mystic Lamb.“ 'l‘lrcse programs will

culioii Section

iill'. potiils iliiit should he used to

save future generations trout Will"

knowledge of the United Nations.
loyalty.
world purposes. llllti world values.
llc particularly stressed that. the

world philosophy. world

I“. Nmmugmrd 11w start iit 11 [MIL iriid ii reception \viii

follow encli program.

'l'lie Veterans of Foreign Wars
Post No ti-l-t-l is featuring a but mu-
siciii show. "Stars and Gripes" on
November 1 mid :3 at Philip Liv-
tiigstoii Junior High School. ’l‘lie

people of todin should think in glo— show starts at 11 pan and tickets
iltll aspects instead of national and iirc now on sale in the Van Curler

iiidlvtduui aspects

Music Store for $1.20 tax included.

Gammon-State);

By R. DUNN and PEENE

WE WONDER?

Where was the advertising for the Champlain game?
Where was the advertising for the Syracuse game?
Who is responsible for advertising the activities of
the athletic department . . . both in school and out;—
side of school. For that matter. who is supposed to
release the students' activities to home town papers

. not to speak of Albany papers? It seems to us
that between the athletic department on the ﬁrst
hand and Press Bureau on the second hand these
things should be taken care of.

Press Bureau could be one of the largest and most
popular organizations on campus. but we're afraid it
would have to be much more efficient (must be pos-
siblel)

Many students in NYSCT have been workers and
a little recognition in home town papers would be an
excellent idea and a generous gesture. Yet many
people have never received a notice in “Ye Olde"
home town ledger. Is it possible for Press Bureau to
publish what they consider important enough to send
out to newspapers or how they select; this material?
THE LUCKY FEW

Those conscientious people who frequent Hawley
Hall (the library! are. among the few fortunate Ini-
mans (should we say students! who see the bulletin
boards this year. Could they be moved to a more
central location? Maybe the walls in the Commons?
GROWN UP!

The administration feels that the responsibility of
absences from class should be with the students and
not with the faculty.

We‘d like to stress the fact that to get called into
Dr‘. Kenny‘s office isn't necessarily to get “put on
the carpet,” bill. an oiniortunily for you to discuss
and air your problems concerning class absences.

Note: Consult front page for details.
PREDICTIONS

It's time for us to stick our necks oiil and predict.
the results of the elections today. Duvcna Manley is
a sure bet for Queen. arid Williiiinnna Wiley will no
doubt carry Manly‘s train. ’l‘lie Queen‘s court should
be a sight to remember with (we‘re guessing of course»
Miss Donna Burns in a lovely fish net. gown. Flanking
Miss Burns. providing the perfect balance for the
setting vvili be two hope! Miss Violet ’I‘elf'ei' naftily
attired in black gym tights with matching bloomers.
Willi this perfect setting providing a background. the
evening will be further highlighted by the skits for
should we say “theatrical presentations of' a whimsi-
cal nature") ably prodriced. directed. lighted. costum-
ed and applauded by Miss Agnes Futtcrer. Anyone
wanting tickets for the evening. which promises to
be a very exciting one. may get them by signing up
in Dean Stokes“ office and fireii getting Dr. Kenny's
approval. If this doesn‘t. work. try your vvnrd leader.
NO’I‘IC:

There has been iriiicli criticism about the actions of
Strident. Council. There is one point we would like to
make clear. Student Council meets every Wednesday
night :it 7:15 pm in the Union. ’l‘hese lllt‘t‘illlL‘S are
open to all members of SA. if you have a gripe. go
to these meetings and voice your opinions. Even
though you don't have :i vote. the iiieiiibei's of (‘oiiiicil
want to hear your opinions arid they will take them
into consideration when they role. As we have said
so many times. if' you have a gripe. you will get iro-
where by airing it in the (‘onnnons or iii your dorm.
IIMMMM t l t

In full realization of the upset this year . . . due
to new buildings arid extensive moving we still feel
it would be a good idea for the faculty to have some
legible urrd impressive signs oii their rooms . . . pos—
sibly some desk identification . . . Honest we're proud
of you . . . you don't have to hide or go incognito.
ANYONE

who has been wondering aboiit the set—rip within
Forum. read the Soapbox. Sometime in the very near
future. Forum will print its whole organization in the
Soapbox.

Qi'ics'i‘IoN or 'i'iii-2 WICICK

Who is Who?

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. ()("l'OllliIlt :36

11 pan. Sorority open house rush l)itt'ill‘.‘~.

3:30 pm. French (‘lub meeting in ltooni lltl.
:ll'(l.\(lll.

ll pan. (‘otiiinuters' (‘hib Soc~llop in the (lyiii.

SA'l‘l'ItliAl'. ()("l'OllI'Ill ‘37

it) 11111. (‘ampus lhiy field l‘\'t‘llis on the lirtl'lll
l‘lif‘ltl.

'l'lttl pan (‘tll'tlllililtlll of t‘ampir. Queen 111 l’nae Hall

'l ‘15 pin. (‘atiipus lluy skits iii Page llaii

Sl'NllAY. ()("l‘OltI'Ill :38

ll irni. St‘A All-Slate Sunday at St .Ioliii's lul-
illt‘l':lil ('lllll't‘il. ltltl (‘ciiti'al Avenue

:1 lllll. lh-tri Zeta l-‘iiciilfy ten.

7 pm, lltllel meeting at ()hnv Sholoni Synagogue
ni \\'tlt~lllllltltlil Avenue and Lake Street

ll pni t‘hl Slvtiiiii 'l‘iictri Faculty pnrtv

’I‘l'I-ISIDAY. (it"l‘tlliliill iltl -

7 lift pin l’liilosopliv (‘lub illf‘t'lllll'. ill the liotilcvrii'd
(‘aleteria

ll 1:) pin Advanced llrritnaficr. Play» 111 l'ai'a' llllll

“'lCllNl-ZSllAl'. t)("l‘OllI-Ill ill

Nooti S(‘.~\ (‘liiipcl ill the l’l‘t"l))'ll'l'illlt t‘liiii'cir
on the t'tlllll'l of South laikc arid Western
Avenue

"11in pm All (‘omiriei'cc reception in Nc\\
Lounge.

in pin Pierce lliill llnllovvecn |lttfi\.

‘I‘Ill'ltSllAl'. NOVEMBER 1 ‘

lv'lt'll‘

Draper

Noon I\'(‘l" lllt‘t'lllll'. iii ltooin lll. Draper
11 pin l'anrhsh l‘th'illlll: program in (‘oliciti'
lrounge.

 

 

STATE COLLEOI NIWB. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20. 1951

PAC! 3

 

Religious Clubs
Slate Activities,

Feature Speakers

Plans include Meetings,
All State Sunday Events

Officers of State College's reli-
gious organizations have released
plans for the coming week's activi-
ties. All State Sunday will be ob-
served at St. John's Lutheran
Church. 160 Central Avenue. Sun-
day. according to Helen Pilchcr ‘52.
President of SCA. Evelyn Shor ‘52.
Hillel President, has released plans
for a special Hillel meeting Sunday
evening at Ohav Fholoni Synagogue
at Washington Avenue and Lake
Street. IZFA is sending representa-
tives to a regional meeting. accord—
ing to an announcement by Lillian
Kaminsky. Graduate. President.

Dr. Evan R. Collins. President
of the College will read from the
Scriptures at the All State service
scheduled to start at 11 am. Still—
day. Miss Pilchei- will discuss SCA
acivitics.

l)r. Vickcry to Address Hillel Meet

Dr. William Vicker‘y. Professor of
Community Studies. will be the
featured speaker at the Hillel meet-
ing. which will begin at '7 pan. He
will present a socio-drama and a
demonstration on "Intercultural Ed-
iicatioii." Dancing will conclude the
meeting.

[ZFA Delegates to Attend (‘onfereiie

Four members of IZFA will re—
present. State at a conference held
to discuss current Jewish problems.
'l‘lie conference will be held at Cor—
nell University Friday. October 26
to Sunday. October 28. according to
Miss Kaminsky. Renee (iewirtznran
'52. Phyllis Krakowe and Arlene
Yanks. frcsluiieri. and Miss Karri—
iiisky will attend the conference as
delegates from State College.

D&A Sponsors
Lecture in Page

Dramatics and Arts Council will
sponsor Patti Mniisliip. noted Amer-
ican sculptor. in a sculpture pre-
sentation according to Henry Smith.
'53. President. Manship willspeak iii
Page Hall at 8:30 p.in.. ’l‘iiesday.
November 6.

He will lecture to State students
on the more interesting aspects of
his art. Manship will illustrate hi::
lecture by actually slurping the head
of a sillijcct chosen from his audi-
eiice.

'l‘he sculptors work is exhibited
in many famous museums including
the Museum of Art in New York
(‘ity and the (‘au‘cornir Galley in
Washington. 1). C. fits most famous
work is the Prometheus Fountain
iii lioclu‘l‘eiler Center.

Smith requests students attending
this lecture to bring their Strident
’l‘iix tickets Seats will iiot he re—
served for the pcrfoi'iiiaiice.

Committee Formulatcs
Campus Chest Plans

Plans are being formulated by a
committee for the coming (‘ampiis
(‘liesf Drive. which is slated for the
week of Noveiriber it through No-
vember 17 .‘\('t'(il‘(lllli: to an announ—
ccineiit by Mary l\ltlt‘.ll|l‘t‘ la'lli'uir
and Joyce l.t‘:l\'lil 'lrniichelli. Sen-
iors. t‘liairtiicii of the Drive. an
t'\f't'llll\'t‘ committee for the Drive
has been selected.

This committee lilt'llltlt“~ the fol
lowing lrtvelvn Shor. llch-n l'ilch—
('1‘. Kathleen lv'_\tltl. lletii la't- l)ii«
l‘riltf. l‘:\‘f‘i_\ll lv'lldcsiii‘ltll. (li'ai'c
Smith. \'asilikc l‘aiitelnlms. William
\\’ilc_\. llcrii'v Smith, (iit'll Armitage.
Si‘llliil“~, and lit'lt'l'iy Praiiitis amt
William \\'liif\vcr. .huiroru Miss
Frances l. (‘olli\. instructor lIl l-in—
filinit. will :.l‘i'\(‘ as ndvisoi' to tile
ltl'tilll)

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

'i'iir.‘ coplanar .lEWl'IIrlsIlt
ltlii (‘entral Ave.

 

Pictured above are the candidates for (‘ampus Queen who will be voted upon in assembly today. From

left to right they are: Mary Marks. Arlene Blum. Kathi

cen Ryan. Helen Pilchcr. and Theresa, Perron.

Trumpets Will lierold in Queen CS Commission

in Slate’s Coronation Ceremony Announces Exam

"lilovv. blow the trumpets!“ To-
lllf)l'l‘()r\' night. one of the beauties
pictured above will be the Queen of
State College. She will be crowned
Campus Day Queen in a ceremony.
traditional since 1922.

'lhe time wheel in the Publica-
trons Office takes us now to the
scene. ioiiiori'ovv fright. Trumpets
herald the entrance of the Queen.
A hush of anticipation watts upward
through the air in Page Hall even
to the very top. the Ivory ’l‘owcr it-
self. ’l‘hcii. a sigh of appreciation is
raised as the Queen. gowned in
white. and pursued by all loyal
Statesnien that is. by two attend-

Red Cross Unit
To Hold Classes

The Water Safety Service of the
Albany (‘oriniy Chapter. American
lied (‘ross is offering instruction
leading to certification in Junior
and Senior late saving. it bulletin
fioiii Helen M. Wengci‘. Chairman of
Water Safety. reveals. Those stu-
dents nineteen yenrs of age and ov-
er passing the Senior course will be
eligible for an instructor training
course to be conducted in the f‘u-
true.

All classes are free and are held
from 7 to 11 pm. at l’lnckett .lnn—
ior Iligli School. Delew'ure Avenue.
instruction will take place for Jun-
ior llit‘ saving. open to those stii~
dents twelve to fifteen years old.
Monday and Wednesday. and for
Senior iige saving for those sixteen
and over ’l‘ucsdiry and 'l‘liursdiry.
'l‘liose interested are to register by
phone or iii writing with the Al—
bany t‘haptcr. liliiglewood l’lucc.

Hastings Urges Students
To Aid in Story Hour

the t lititoii Square N ‘l:'.lll)t)l‘it.ni.l
.\- ociataui will sponsor a weekly
forv hour for r-liildi'eii lll that \lt'-
lllll_\. ‘»l.tl'.lll l"ri.lir\. November '1.
:«lalf's .\Ii.s \llt ll;rst:ii::-. .‘\.\"~l.‘~l:liil
liarai'iaii State (‘olleic students.
have “operatot with th.- lll'rl‘l'ultl

tit: .i l‘t.'t‘lll year's. ntrd Miss llahh
ll 1.!.ll.\llltlf‘lllHllllt‘ll‘hiiki ill
,-,.ri‘.ci.a. it ill the Sliil'\ llilill‘ f.)
t.|ll.ltl il‘l in‘\'. week

‘lh- ~toiv llolll'» will be held at

the John \' l l'l‘lt\ll laluai'v 'l‘lie:
.ll'r' s'lioiiil‘d to lit'rllll at -l p lIl.
.t."rilrilll:: to .\ll:~~ lift-\lllltih

Gerald Drug Co.

Sidney l"t‘lllllllll. Ph.(t.

 

1317 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
l'lioiic ti-tililll

 

ants from each class. and by two

page boys. ascends her purple trim—
mcd throne

Just a turn of a knob mid we can
now see the ceremonies as they were
conducted in the past. We see the
Queen‘s attendants gowned in white
instead of robes in their class colors.
There are no Senior attendants. but
the trurnpetcrs are from the Senior
class. The attendants were first cho-
sen by the execiitive boards of their
various classes. Later. the decision
was put tip to the President of Stu—
dent Association. and now Myskania
picks the two prettiest girls from
each class.

Each year the Queen. chosen by
popular vote of the Student Associ-
ation. is crowned by the Queen of
the previous year. and presented
with a bouquet of American Beauty
roses. This tradition is one of the
most bearitifiil experiences at State.
and has delighted State's men and
women. too. down through the ages.

Service Will Deliver

Teacher Examinations

’l‘lie annual examination. which is
prepare.l and administered by the
l‘l.lllt'ttilt)lltll ’l‘esting— Service. is
scheduled to be given at 2110 testing
centers throughout the United States
on Saturday. February 16. 1952.
‘l‘hcse National ’l‘eiicher Examina-
tions. include exams in various
ll.‘l:is

i)lll'lli_t this one—day it‘siilie. ses—
sion any candidate may trike the
f‘onnnoii l<lxaniiirations. which iti-
.‘llltit' icsis lll Professional lllitil‘llltl-
tion. (ieiieral (.‘ulture. English lu‘x-
pression. :iiid Non—Verbal Reason-
lll'. :lll.l «elect one or two of the
lllllt' tt\:l1iiti)lt' Optional Exziiiiimi—
tirns, which are tlL‘Slgllt‘J to dem—
onsizalr- a mastery of subject inat—
fer to ih' taught. ’l‘lie college which
n .-aiirlid;rie is attending will advise
him whether he should trike these
r-vzoiiinations. and which of the op-
tional tl'tillll ilt‘ should select

.-\pphc:itioii forms. a bulletin of
iiilai'ttiiitaui and sample test ques-
tzoiis may l):‘ obtained from the Na-
tioaal 'l‘nacher l‘lellllliltlllOllo. l'ldu—
'.tlltill:ll 'l‘csliiig Service. P. 0. llox
."1’ l'l‘lll.‘i‘ltill. New .lei'se'.. Applica-
f: is will fr- received until January
ill. ltla'J

in Science Fields

The United States civil Service
Commission has announced an ex-
amination for Student Aid «Trainee:
positions in the fields of chemistry.
physics. mathematics. metallurgy.
and engineering. Students who have
received one-half or three-fourths
of the total credits required for a
bachelor's degree in their specialized
field are eligible to take the exam—
ination.

Trainee appointments are usually
for school vacation periods or for
periods of employment of students
in cooperative courses. Trainees do
not receive a salary while attend-
ing a university. but after gradua—
tion they are eligible for positions
paying from $2.650 to $2.875 annual-
ly. Students who will graduate in
June are not eligible for positions as
Strident Aid Trainees.

The college placement office has
iriore detailed information about the
Strident Aid Trainee examination.
Information and applications may
also be obtained from mast first
and second class post offices. Civil
Service regional offices. or from the

:5. Civil Service Commission.
Washington 25. D. 0- Applications
will be aa'epted in the Commis-
sion‘s Washington office until De-
cember 4.

Chairman Releases

All-Stole Agenda

The second Animal All-State
Night will be held at Brubacher
Hall ’I‘hursday, Novembertl at 7 pair.
according to David Manly ‘52. Chair'-
iiuiii of the event. The purpose of
All-Strife Night is to improve re-
lations between the students mid
faculty. This occasion will also be
the iiiiofficinl opening of the Carri-
pus Chest Drive.

Square dancing in the dining
room. it "Truth and Consequences"
show. a Chinese Airctioii. and coin-
iiumity singing around a boiiflre on
the dorm field will be the main fea-
tures of the program. According to
Miriily. women will be given advan-
ced hours to attend All—Strife Night.

 

SAVE ill ('2 — ON FOOD COSTS -—- SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD

I'IIONE

CAFETERIA

5-1913

“MEET ANl) EAT AT THE liOllL”

1118—300 (‘EN'I‘llAlr AVENUE

MEAI. 'l‘lt‘KE’l‘S —

ALBANY, N. Y.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

Sorority Council
issues invitation

To '55 Women

Greek Women Initiate,
Pledge New Members;
To Hold Faculty Teas

Faculty parties will be held by two
sororities this weekend. Several so-
roritles have also announced pledg-
ing and initiation of new members.
Inter-Sorority Council has issued
an invitation to the open house rush
parties.

Each sorority is holt...ig an open
house each Friday from 3 to 5 p. m..
according to Anti Sullivan '52. Pres-
ident of Inter-Sorority Council. All
freshmen and transfer women are
invited to visit the houses. No for-
mal invitations to these parties will
be given by indiivdual girls.

Beta 'Aeta will hold a tea. for all
fa-ulty members Sunday from 3 to
a p. in.. according to Evelyn Kamke
'52. President. Mary Marks ‘52. is
Chairman of the tea and the com-

mittee chairmen are: Marlene
Southard. Refreshments; Matilde
Malouf‘. Arrangements; and Ann

Sturgcs. Invitations. Juniors.

Florence Kloser ‘52. President. has
announced plans for a party for
members of Chi Sigma Theta with
its faculty Sunday from 8 to 10
p.m. Mrs. Inez Aubry. sorority
housemothcr. and Arthur Collins.
Instructor in English. will be pledg-
ed as honorary members of Chi Sig-
ma Theta. Marion Howard '53. is
Chairman of the aﬂ‘air.

Chi Sigma Theta initiated four
members last Monday. according to
Miss Kloser. The new members are
Margaret Guinan. Kathleen Oberst.
Annmarie Hug. and Dolores Don-
nelly. Sophomores.

Psi Gamma has pledged three new
members. according to Anne Sulli—
van ’52. President. The new pledges
are Barbara Faust '53. Josephine
Stopa and Dolores White. Sopho-
mores.

Forum Schedules
Guest Speaker

Forum activities have been high-
lighted by the appointment of a
constitutional revision committee
and the creation of a publicity (to-
pai‘tmcnt. Plans for future activities
include a talk by the noted speaker.
Dr. Albert Parry. and replacement
elections for the two vacancies on
Forum board. Glen Armitage '52.
Speaker. has disclosed.

The constitutional revision corri-
inittee. with Dr. Mathew Elbow.
Assistant Professor of Social Stu—
dies. as advisor. consists of" Armit—
age. Morton Colin  and Thomas
Eldred '54. According to Armitage.
the committee will investigate the
needs for changes and additions to
the present constitution and will
present its findings to Forum with-
in f‘our weeks. A new publicity de-
partment was also created at the
board meeting held Monday night
at Dr. Ell)o\\"s home. The publicity
department consists of Douglas Niel-
soii ‘53. Chairman. Stephen Veselkii.
M:ll'\'lll Clrcrnof‘f’. Sophomores;
Nancy Evans  an.l Roge‘ Yeo-
mans '53

forum will hear the noted speak-
('1‘ Dr. Parry spank on the topic.
“After Siillllllelill?” at 3:30 p. in.
on November it. in the Richardson
Lounge. Dr. Parry. a White Rus-
sian. has first-hand information
through his contacts in Russia to—
day.

Armitage announces illill the next
issue of the Soapbox will be pub-
lished on November 

Any pens purchased at
State ('ollege will be en-
graved with the purchas-
er‘s name in 21 carat-gold
—l" If E E OF (‘l-IARGE!

it‘s a good buy!

STATE GOLLEGE
60-0P

 

 

 

 

mew.u a». new » w


3
l
i
l
i
i

 

