 

 

».u.~m.._tr.¢:...§‘-" aim-'11;hiylﬁ'igdtuu‘lwl zr-nz:

 

PAC. 8

Party, Party . . .

A freshman looks at the faculty with awe, fear,
and despair. A Sophomore thinks the faculty is a
collection of peOple to be figured out and to be
taken advantage of, if possible. A Junior believes
the faculty must contain three people who will give
him a recommendation next year. A practice-
teaching Senior knows the facutly is made up of
hard-working, human teachers who are trying to!
carry heavy teaching loads, serving on a dozen
committees, and attempting to improve themselvos
intellectually.

A faculty is continually confronted with the
problem of convincing its students of its intelli-
gence and sincerity. A faculty member said this
week that he could advise and instruct his students.
They would not believe him. They would not be
convinced by his persuasion, but, by their own ex-
periences. They would not listen to him because
he was part of the faculty, an instructor.

Thursday night is All State Night. Professors
will descend from their “inner world” and parti-
cipate with their charges in an evening of frivol-
ity and gaiety. It is heartwarming to see State
College teachers taking time between lesson prep-
arations, conferences, teaching, and correction of
papers to take part in All State Night. It is a
privilege to have teachers who will make the tran-
sition to the ridiculous at the proper moment.

“We expect that teachers participate?” College
professors do not and have not always partici-
pated. State College Professors have, especially
within the last two years—English Evenings,
Faculty Shows at Freshman Camp, Chaperonage
at dances are all evidences that this is one faculty
that cares.

Complicated? . . .

One of the most uninspiring, but inevitable,
words being pronounced this week is "corpora-
tion.”

It’s uninspiring to know that there is a need
that Student Association, for protection, become
part of a corporation. Dr. Collins, our l’resident,
brought the facts to Student Council Wednesday
night.

Student Association, in past experience has no
protection in case of lawsuit. An unfortunate in-
cident, involving injury to a woman, while con-
nected with State College student activity result-
ed in a $50,000 judgment against the State. The
incident was fortunate only in that Student Asso-
ciation, State College for Teachers nor the Board
of Trustees of the State University were not di-
rectly involved in the suit. Dr. Collins advised
Student Council that happenings are likely to lead
the Board of Trustees or some other administrative
group to demand that SA be incorporated—incor-
porated according to a plan that will not be form-
ed by SA, nor according to its wishes.

There is the possibility that SA would join the
already existing college corporation. Under this
Corporation are administered the (Jo-Op, the col-
lege dorms, Thurlow Hall and the cafeteria. The
immediate criticism has been, "Would SA lose
some of its present privileges?”

This question was as quickly answered in Coun—
cil. In SA Constitution there is a line that reads
“The supreme veto power over the Assocaition and
its boards lies in the Administration of the Col-
lege.” Our administration regulates our freedom.
in the past it has not regulated it with an “iron
hand” nor iras lt regulated uncornpromisingly.
joining an already existing corporation Would not
change our Administration.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

ltA’l‘lNG—ALL-AMERICAN

VOL. XXXV .Apl‘ll 20. 1951 NO. 22
.\lI~llilu-1‘ I’lh‘lrllrllllir

Asuirvliituil l'lilll-gliitl- l’l‘l'ss (Willi-glut.- liigq-sl
'l'lic riiriivi'grriutorilv newspaper of [‘11- New York State (‘111
logo for 't'l-iieln-rs. ]rllllil~il|t‘il every l“|'llllly of llll' t‘otlt-gt-
year by ilil’ NEWS 11.,11‘41 l'or illl’ Strident Art-cliciiillilll
i'iiones l"l'lI'/.l'l, 3121211. Wolfe, ‘sllllttl‘J; lllll'lilllilil, \ om?
Murillo-1's ol' illl‘ NEWS ~1.iii Illii) lu- l‘l‘lll‘lll'll 'l'tii'mliij illill
\S'I-tlin-mia) from 7 to 1| 3|! p m at It 01117

MAILT' FENZEL - - ~ - - — ~ - - I'lrlltor-lII-(fliloi

HOLDII’: HWAR’I‘Z - - - - - - (in-Almmulnx l‘Itlllnr
(il'lﬂALD DI'NN - - - - - - to-Nlurirminu Editor
EVEIJN “OLI'T; - - - - l'ulillir lh-lullorm Editor
I‘Al'l. llll'lHlAN - — - - - - - - - Hporln Editor
lll‘lVEltlJ Kl Ill.l(i.\‘ - — - (firnliliitliin Mmmuor
JANE i'ttlili - - - - — Advortinliiu “lllllll‘ltr

JOSEPH l'l "DY — v — — r - - - llunlrimm Murmur-1
t‘ltl‘ELlA Il.\'l"l‘lS'l‘l - - - - ~ - ~ Excbuuim Editor
NOIHNE ('A litillJ. v ~ ~ - - ~ - - Annocirito I'Iilltor

VICTORIA EADE - - < - - - - ‘ Annot'lllln I'JIlllur
“ILU'I'Z H‘lll‘ll r v - - Armor-lulu Ellliur

 

STAT! COLT—[GI _NIWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 20. 1981

 

 

Reprinted from October 1950 issue of ESQUIRE

 

Copyright 1950 by ESQUIRE, Inc.

“I helped putﬂve men through college today"

ﬂnofﬁee gene/cola @pa‘m’on

By W. K.

On April 17 General Omar N.
Bradley gave his opinions on our
foreign policy—what it is and what
it should be. This is as it should
be—- if we are going to let Gener-
also make policies for us. Let's hear
them all. The difference between
this statement and other recent ones
is that this one has the sanction of
our State Department. General Bra-
dley feels that the situation in Ko-
rea is the key to the success or fail-
ure of our “world-wide strategy".
We cannot appease the forces of
International Communism, but nei-
ther can we afford to be the aggres-
sor in a third world war. It is our
policy “to avoid war and promote
peace." Thus, to increase the area
of the present conflict would be to
reject our traditional policy. The
General lists the following three
points as basic to our foreign policy
in relation to Korea: 1. To protect
and maintain our way of life and
our form of government; 2. To seek

 

 

7min’ 9n 74¢ 7W

 

The annual Spring Festival of
Music, presented by the combined
R. P. I. Music Clubs, will be held
on April 20-22 at the Field House.
Tonight at 8:30 the Skldmore Cho-
rus and Orchestra will combine with
the R. P. I. Varsity Glee Club and
Orchestra to present Randall Thom-
pson's "Americana". The program
Saturday night, beginning at 8:30
also, will be devoted to the R. P. I.
Music Clubs. The price for each
of these two performances will be
$1.00. The R. P. I. fraternities will
compete in the annual Interfra-
ternity Songfest and Competition
Sunday afternoon at 2:30 pm. and
the general admission will be $.10.

The Times Union is ready and
willing to help you decide irow and
where to spend your summer vaca-
tion by inviting you to their Tra-
vel Lectures. held at Albany High
School on the evenings of May 1st
and 8th. Even if those two months
are. already planned for you the
lectures should still be fun to hear,

Saturday iright April 21, Louis
Prima anti his band will be playing
at the Armory for your listening
and dancing pleasure.

Tonight and tomorrow night,
Charles H. Blake is presenting his
Junior League Follies, “Around The
Town“ at Phillip Livingston Junior
High School at 11:30 pm. Mr. Blake
is using origiirul songs written by
musicians and college students iii
the surrounding area, as well as old
favorites and current hit tunes. Tic-
kets are on sale at the box office
in the Hotel Ten Eyck lobby.

The br'oridwuy hit. “Bi'igridooii,”
will be presented by the Glens Frills
Operetta Club on April 20—28 at
8:15 pm, in the Junior High School
Auditor'iuiii, All seats are reserved
and are $1.00 tax included.

"No. No Nanette." the Harbrich-
Cerisiir-Yomntiii's musical comedy,
presented by the Albany Light Op-
crn Company, is coming to Philip
Livingston Juiilor High on Friday
night. May 11.

ROBINSON
peace by every means at our com-
mand. "We will not provoke a war
against anyone. We will not wage a
so-called preventive war even
against an arch-enemy, for this cer-
tainly destroys peace. But there is
one price we will not pay—appease—
ment." 3. Increased support of the
U. N. while working for peace, we
must continue to fight. Although
this may seem incongrous to some,
we have been forced into such a
position by the action of an agres-
501'.

General Bradley, long an active
participant on the battle field, be-
lieves that the “conduct of foreign
affairs is a civilian responsibility.”
He further states that “it is funda-
mental that our foreign policy must
be based upon our military capaci-
ties to back it up." Here the Gen-
eral seems to be referring to the
ill-reasoned suggestions of all-out
attack upon China, and open decla-
rations of war. There seems to be
little reason to suspect that China
will not absorb any invading army
of the 20th century as she has done
in the past. One cannot but wonder
what our strategy would be in such
a situation.

General Bradley concludes with a
warning to the “impatient” Ameri-
cans who demand quick. decisive
action to bring the present conflict
to an end. He warns that impatience
will push us into decisions that may
not be in our best interests. Let us.
he offers, consider well any steps
that we take in the conduct of our
present policy—or any future po-
licy so that we will be able to back
up our statements to the fullest. and
yet, not jeopardize our way of life
or our determination to maintain
pence.

 

 

ﬂat Wee/t
ﬁn 144499ch

 

Last week iii assembly budget con-
siderations were continued and no-
minations were held for the Student
Association offices of President,
Vice—President, Secretary, members
of Strident Board of Finance and
Student Facilities Board. Written
nominations were held for Student
Association song leader.

James Jiusto '51, President of Stir-
deiit Association warned that if the
Men's Athletic Association budget
was not passed iii the asseirrbly, he
would be forced to call special us-
scmblies, since M.A.A. needed a dc-
finite budget before it could plan
its athletic program. After a heated
discussion on ii motion to strike
out the Awards and Letters line,
ilie M.A.A. budget was passed by
Student Association. Before pnssuge
'as achieved, the iiiotloii was with-
drawn with the understanding that
it would be brought up iii the fri—
iure, iir relation to the Keys lines
111 llll budgets. Consideration of tire
Campus ()oirimission budget was be-
guii 'i‘hat budget will be taken up
again todtty in assembly.

 

Gama-5W

By HARVEY MILK

The Common—Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sum COLLIGI
ans.

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

What with elections coming up and criticism being
made about almost everything it might help to think
about this week’s quote. I don’t know who was the
first to use it but that’s not the important thing.
What is important is that you should “love your ene-
mies, for they tell you your faults.” It would be a good
idea to think about that all year too.

WASHINGTON BUMS

With the broadcasting of MacArthur’s speech I
can't help think how good it would be to televise all
the proceedings of Congress . . but as one com-
mentator said . . . “I think our representatives are
afraid to have their daily work and attitudes surveyed
firsthand by the voting public . . . their true charact-
ers and horse-tradings would be revealed." One of
the interesting things I noticed on my trip to Cuba
was that every session of their legislature is broad-
cast. Our government would probably be more effi-
cient if we did the same, but the “hams” in Wash-
ington no doubt would refuse to have us watch them
in action unless they form another committee like
the Kefauver where we see them all in agreement
and not how they work in the Capital. DEMOCRACY
AT ITS BEST.

LEADERSHIP ? ? ?

According to our constitution “Myskania is an hon-
orary society of Seniors, selected for the special abil-
ities necessary for the execution of judicial duties and
for the honor attached to this office." Intelligence is
one of the special abilities. It is shown by a person's
scholastic average. This year the quality of leadership
we could expect from the people nominated by My—
skania, with very few exceptions, will be low. Not
one of those recommended has air average above 1.4
with one just over to 1. average. Only one suggested
has an average above 2. If we want to have a body
that can devote a good share of its time to its work,
then we must have one made tip of people who don't
have to worry whether they will pass or not. We
can‘t expect as rrruch leadership from a person on
the border line between graduating and not, than
from a person with a 2 average. This is an import-
ant point. it would be a good idea to elect those with
a 2 average before those with an average closer to 1.
We can expect more from these people. If Myskania
is to be a body to lead and guide us let's make it
that aiid not a body of ex-eommitteemen and rivalry
participants.

THE HIGH COST OI“ LIVING

Time and time again the question comes Lip “Why
not State aid for athletics?" That's a good question
too. It would cut our budget and lower our tax. But,
if we want to lower our tax by State support wiry
not ask for support in the most logical place. Our
athletic program is ours. No credit is given to our
athletes by the State. Yet each year we give D&A
an amount of money so some ten or more students
can produce plays and get credit for a course. We
are paying for soriicthing that the State should be
paying for. ery? If state credit is given make the
State pay—not the students. Or cut out our aid so
the State has to support that activity if they feel that.
course is so necessary.

INSURANCE

A new company is trying to introduce to State a
new insurance policy. It would be a good idea not
only to investigate the policy offered but to investi-
gate the conipany too. What are its assets? How long
has it been in existence? And other questions on that
line, for a policy is only as good as its backer.

OUR CHANCE

The students and faculty of State have a chance
to improve their relations this Thursday night when
a volleyball grime and square dance will be held in
the gym. Hope to see everyone thcremstudents and
faculty.

WONDERING

Was aiiyonc‘s name left out for an office? Seems

like there are so many qualified people this year.

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 20
9 ant-3:30 1).“). Voting irpoii revised Women's
Athletic Association outside Coin-

owns.

it p.m. Ncwrriaii llrill date party.

it pm. (itlllllllii Kappa Phi open house.
0 pin. Kappa Beta party.

SA'l‘l‘RliAY. APRIL 21
0:30 11.111. - 3:30 Business
Hall.
il::l(la.rri.-11:30p.iir.Tcst for iinithcmritics awrird ill
Draper, Room 200.
11:30 pm. l“l't¥i~1lilllt.‘li llig-li, "’l‘wo Moons" iii
Page Hall Airdiloriiiiii.
SI'NDAY, APRIL :32

Conference at Pierce

.1 11.111. Kappa Delta Riio formal llllilll-
tion.
1) pm. Phi Delta iiuiicl Supper for luc-
ulli’
MONDAY. APRIL 23
3:30 p.111. Mutt Cyclic, it‘lil agent to speak
in (‘oiiiiiioiis.
.1 All pin. ilr'rril (ll’lt‘l'liit'lil discussion in

Page 111111 Auditorium.
'l‘l'lCHDAi’, APRIL 7511

7'30 pin. Mnthciiuilics Club meeting in
llustcd, Room 150.

11.30 am. ’l‘eacircr lilxulllilllllltlllh iii Lounge.
S(t)yirrnusiuin, Richardson, Room

 

Mathews Lists
TPB Placements

For September

The names of students recently
receiving placements have been re-
leased by Elmer C. Mathews, D1-
rector of the Teacher Placement
Bureau. The list includes: William
O’Neil ’51, Delmar, Bethlehem Cen-
tral School, Seventh Grade Social
Studies; Jenn Roeck ’51, Walkill,
English; Merrill Bogardus ’51, Set
kirk, Junior High Mathematics; Bet-
ty Rose Hilt ’47, Painted Post, En-
glish and Speech; Robert O’Connor
‘50, Alexandria Bay Central School,
Commerce; Thomas Romano ’51. E1-
mira Heights, Commerce,, and Sal-
ly Ditmars ‘51, Pulaski, Elementary
Fourth grade.

Also receiving teaching positions
were: Anne Braasch ’51, Valley

’48, Colonic Central School, English
9. 10. 12; Mary Ann Qualtere ’51,
Monticello, English, Dramatics; Mal-
colm Sterling ’50, West Winfield
Central School, English; William
Everts '51, Pine Plains Central
School, Junior High Social Studies,
English; Arthur Patterson '51, Virgil
Central School, Social Studies, Lot-
in; Helen Caughran ’47, Rhinebeck
Central School, Mathematics, Bi-
ology; Norman Sweeney ‘51. Caridor
Central School, Social Studies, Eir-
g‘lish: and Albert Holliday ‘50, Clyde
Central School, Mathematics, Coa-
ching football.

Lucian Bernard, Grad, Delanson,
Science; Charles Connell, Grad, Val-
ley Falls. Social Studies 8, 9, 11.
and Earl Sipe ‘51, Virgil Central
School. Commerce.

Freshmen To Vie
For Math Prize

A special invitational test will be
given tomorrow by the mathematics
department in order to determine
the winner of the Achievement
Award for first semester in fresh—
mrin mathematics. according to
Ralph Beaver, Professor of Mattie-
matics. The test will be given from
9:30 am. to 11:30 am. in Room
200. Draper.

Invitations have been seriit to
15 freshmen to take the test. They
are: Teresa Ajosa, Benjamin Bur-
ioii. Lucille Cai'clla, Charles Cullen.
Dawn F‘urman. F‘ailh Hanson, Lynn
Lewis. Marilyn Mader, William Met-
mer, Joseph Patrick. Karen Pi'iiidle,
Ronald Reiiss. Ruth Richter, Ar-
iliiir Widowski, and Mary Ann
Wurxbaclr, freshmen.

The award consists of two copies
of lhc "Mathematical Tables from
the Handbook of Chemistry and
Physics." One copy is of desk size
illltl ilrc other is in the pocket book
form for greater convenience.

Display To Feature
Student Art Work

A display of strident art work
will highlight the Art Department
exhibit on second floor Draper. ric-
cordiirg to Ruth Hulchiiis. Assist-
tilil Professor of Art. This exhibit
\\'1ll bcgm 'l‘ucsdiiy arid last for two
wcrks,

Three types of work will be fea-
tured in the display, There will be
ll‘i’t' brusii~slrokc \\'iilei'coioi's, still
life studies in pastels. and figure
compositions of students worked in
various iill’tllll.

'i‘lic wiriei'colors. done in spon-
taneous response to music and poc-
li'y. were an exercise in free brush-
mg,

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 20. 1981

 

Depleted above is a scene from the Frosh Big-4, “Two Moons” di-
Sti'eam, Commerce; Joseph Stenard, rected by Nancy Roosa. Members of the cast shown are: Don Krug, Nella

Berlin, and Betty Rose.

 

Moving-UpDoy TrodilionsChonge

Amid World Political Upheavals

Moving—Up-Day—a culmination of
the hopes of many with the taste
of traditions changing through the
ages. Through Myskania's 26 years
of existence, how have the tradi-
tions and the national scene around
us changed?

Hitler began his quest for com-
plete European control in 1938.
Looking in on the scenes at State
found Myskania changing tradition
by choosing the incoming Myskania
in alphabetical order. A touch of
suspense culminated the tapping
ceremony after the twelve chairs
on the platform were filled—a thir-
teenth chair was added as the slow-
est old Myskania member complet-
ed his search for the new member.
Rivalry activities terminated the
day's events with class stunts in
the afternoon and a pushball game
and track events during the even-
ing.

Poland submitted to the Nazi po-
wer in 1939. Enthusiastic M.U.D.

12mm, 4001401“ I

Dr. Allen Benton, Instructor in
Biology, has received reprints of
two of his recently published ar-
ticles. They are “Effects on Wild-
life of DDT Used for Control of
Dutch Elm Disease” printed in the
January 1951 issue of JOURNAL
0|" WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT.
Tire other is “Bird Population
Changes in a Central New York
County Since 1870" printed in Vol-
ume 1, Number 2, March-April is-
sue of the KING-BIRD.

Dr. Minnie Scotland, Professor of
Biology, was delegate from the
Schenectady Bird Club to the Fed—
eration of New York State Bird
Clubs Conference held in Buffalo
April 7-8. She was elected to next
year's nominating committee.

All members of tire Commerce De-
partment of the college and Milire
are visiting first year commerce
teachers to detcririine the problems
of new terrclrcrs. These visits will
enable them to prepare better future
teacher's. according to Dr. Milton C.
()lsoii, Director of Education.

Dr. Theodore Standing, Professor
of Sociology, Paul Wheeler, Instruc-
101' in Social Studies, and Dr. Wil-
liam Vickery, Director of Intergi'oup
Education. attended the Annual

 

 

Meeting of the Eastern Sociologi—
cal Society iir New Haven, Connec—
ticirt March ill-April 1.

 
  

  

/

s «a W
19*. I
V H

 

re dllllic deenlsl‘leel

SWEETSMOP

785Mc}drsonkve.b:{lbdnz,lgljcwmk

 

  

 

  

7”

 

‘OPEN DAILY AT 8mm.

spectators found twelve members of
the old Myskania (since one had
transferred! thinking it proper to
choose only 10 new members. A

precedent was broken when, for

the first time in eighteen years,
an incoming member was ab—
(sent from the ceremony due to
illness.

As the British people saw the
need of a change so we find the
old Myskrinia seeing the need for a
change iii the events of M.U.D.
Britain chose Churchill and our
10 officials chose Thursday for the
beginning of events. Saturday be-
came the day for formats in 1940.

World events had drawn the Uni-
ted States into a World War II by
1943. The shortage of men at State
was obvious in the choice of that
year‘s Myskania when the women
outranked the men in the ratio of
8-21 The retiring thirteen, number-
ing only 8 since five of the mem-
bers were in the service of their
country, chose to follow tradition
by tapping the individuals who
would fill the offices of the out-
going Myskania members. Music
Council added an extra touch to
the events by holding ii Music Con-
cert on the Saturday of M.U.D.
weekend.

A new precedent was set in the
election of the U. S. president in
1944 as in the choosing of the of-
ficials at State. Roosevelt was elec-
ted for a fourth term but the wo-
men took over the reigns at State.
Tire weaker sex made a clean sweep
filling the offices of Strident Asso-
ciation President and all twelve
Myskania member's.

MAA Slates Elections
To Fill '51-'52 Offices

Elections of officers of Men’s Atti-
letic Association for next year will
be held outside the Commons Wed-
nesday from 9 uni. to 5 p.m., ac-
cording to Ronald Rockirill '51, Pre-
siderit,

The offices of president, vice-pre-
sident, secretary and treasurer will
be filled. Airy male member of Stu-
dent Association who has paid his
student tax is eligible to vote.

Personalized

on Matches, Napkins.

many t'OlOl‘H.

 

Make Excellent Gifts!

(‘o-op (‘an Stamp any name or monogram

iher (foods. Also fountain pens and pencils

Over 15 type styles to choose from and

BEFORE lil'YlNG ANY GIFTS LOOK OVER
OUR SAMPLE BOOK Oi“ S'I‘A MPEI) PRODUCTS

WAA Vote
To Decide Fate
Ol Proposals

The proposed amendments to the
Women’s Athletic Association Con-
stitution will be voted uopn today
from 9 am. to 3:30 pm. at the
desk outside the Commons, accord-
ing to Phyllis Harris ’51, President.
A woman may vote if she has re-
ceived credit in one sport. Any
spring sport of last year may be
used to qualify a woman for voting.

The W.A.A. Constitution has been
revised by W.A.A. Council due tothe
fact that certain phases of the pre-
sent constitution are obsolete, an-
nounces Miss Harris. The offices
of class managers are being elimin-
ated because these offices date back
to the time when inter-class sports
played an important part in the
activities of W. A. A.

A minimum of 14 members on
the W. A. A. Council is a revision
of the present constitutional clause
which states 13 as the minimum
number of members. other revisions
of the proposed constitution are:
the publicity director has voting po-
wer in the Council and there are
three coordinators, two dealing with
intramurals, one with clubs, who
are also voting officers in the Coun—
cil. Minimum class representation
includes: three Seniors, three Jun-
iors, two Sophomores and two fresh-
men. The other offices are open to
any class.

With the exception of the publi—
city director, only those who have
fulfilled the requirements in three
sports for the year which includes
the previous spring season will be
eligible for nomination to office.
Notification shall be made for each
of the three upper classes of those
eligible to be representatives. The
amended constitution is posted on
the W. A. A. bulletin board in low-
er Draper.

Latin Neighbors

Invite 'Esiudiontes’

Senoires! Senoritas! Wheth-
er it’s to learn how to make
chile con came Mexican style
or just to dabble in the litera—
ture of our southern neighbors,
Escirela Interamericana de Ver-
ano has something for your La
Escuela is offering everything
from Mexican business law to
home economics during its sum--
mer session, July 2 to August
10.

Boasting a iuiique “I’arque
Azteca” campus with a cool sum-
mer climate, the school is lo—
cated in the northern moun-
tains of Mexico. Extra curricu-
lar activities include picnics,
posadas, bull fights. and Mexi-
can movies. If none of these are
to your liking, there are always
the rhythmic rhumbas and the
gay senorltas.

Anyone with a bit of Latin
American in his blood may write
to Donald M. Custer, Box 413,
Sitlidn, Colorado for bulletins
from La Escuela.

 

10% DISCOUNT TO
STUDENTS and FACULTY
0N RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 (‘cntral Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

Gift items

Any Papers, or Leti-

(lo-op

 

     

not 'a

(

Two Sororities

Elect Officers

KDR Schedules Initiation;
KB Pledges Plan Party

Sororities on campus and two fro.
ternities have released plans for
the week end and have announced
officers for the coming year. Chi Sig-
ma Theta, Alpha Epsilon Phi, and
Gamma Kappa Phi have pledged
several new members.

Chi Sigma Theta has pledged
Mary O'Boyle ’53, Anna Canor, Ma-
ry Ann Cossaboon. Shirley Edsall
and Jane Freaney, freshmen, ac-
cording to Elizabeth Cahill ’51, Pre-
sident. Also pledged were Nancy
Hazzard, Patricia Hlpwell, Gloria
Migliore and Susan Stewart, fresh-
men.

A E Phi Elects Offcers

Charlotte Skolnick '51, President
of Alpha Epsilon Phi has released
the results of the sorority election.
officers for the coming year are
as follows: Dean, Jacqueline Cop-
‘lon; Sub-Dean, Helene Patien;
Scribe, Charlotte Alter; Treasurer,
Lita Krumholz; Representative to
Inter-Sorority Council, Ruth Hersh-
kowitz and Rush Captain, Dena
Kaplan, all Sophomores. Renee Ge-
wirtzman '52, Sylvia Levine ’53, Julie
Katz and Betty Rose, freshmen,
have been pledged to A E Phi.
Salm Announces Open House

Gamma Kappa Phi will hold an
open house for statesmen tonight
from 8 pm. to 12 midnight, accord-
ing to Royann Salm ’51. President.
General Chairman of the affair is
Shirley Haswell ‘51. with other com-
mittee heads as follows: Publicity,
Mary Beth Johnson ’54 and Refresh-
ment, Marie De Seve, Caroline Ga-
ments, Sophomores and Carol Van
Woert ’54. Sarah Brewer '53, Louise
Button, Joan Labouseur, and Joyce
Normandin, freshmen have been
pledged to Gamma Kappa Phi.
Beta Zeta Lists New Officers

New officers of Beta Zeta ac-
cording to Kathryn Loucks '51, Pre-
sident, are: President, Evelyn Kam-
ke; Vice President, Mary Borys
Marks; Secretary, Marilyn Hiller;
Treasurer, Victoria Eade ’52:
A l u m n a e Secretary, Antonina
Bruno ‘53. New officers include:
Historian. Dorthea Cherubini ’54;
Assistant Secretary-Treasurer, Bar-
bara Newcomb '53; Chaplain, Mar-
garet Livingstone ’54; Representa-
tive to Intersorority Council, Vir-
ginia Vogel; Rush Captain, Patricia
Butler, Sophomores and Marshals.
Barbara Law and Madeleine Payne,
freshmen.

A Buffet Supper for the faculty
of the sorority will be held Sunday
by Phi Delta at 6 pm, according
to Joyce Baringer '51, President. The
committees are as follows: General
Chairman. Marjorie Davis '52; Re-

IOontlnued on Page 6, Column 2!

ii.F. Henikel & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portrait At Its Finest"
s ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
~ ‘

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
1111 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

        
   

  
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
    
 
  
   
 
  
  
     
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
      
       
     
    
    
     
 
     
     
  
    
    
  
  
     
 
  
    
 

      
       
         
       
     
       
        
      
               
             
           
         
       
     
         
          

