  
 
   
 

      

, ~ so ees'wttlun the security forces
said 6i persons were killed and
more than 1 I00 wounded in day-long
ﬁghting throughout the country.
' Scattered- shooting was reported.
' in some'a'reas after the8p.m. - I p.m.
EST-deadline. ‘ Some of it was
r between rival gangs of looters who
took advantage of the breakdown of
authority to strip Beirut’s/largest
department store. Spinney's. of
$625,000 worth of goods. police said.

Robbers also ranged through the
plush Hamra shopping district.
breaking windows and grabbing
merchandise in an apparent effort to
beat the cease-ﬁre deadline and the
return of some law and order to
Lebanon‘s ravaged capital.

The Palestine guerrilla police
force. tryingto keep some semblance
of order. killed one looter and
wounded ﬁve others.

Both the Palestinian guerrilla
news agency, WAFA. and the head-
quarters for the Christian Phalange

party said the cease-ﬁre seemed to be
holding.

President Suleiman Franjieh an-
nounced the accord on state radio
early Thursday after meeting with a
peacemaking Syrian delegation
headed by Foreign Minister Abdul
Halim Khaddam. Franjieh saidit in-
corporates fundamental principles
for a political solution and was
agreed upon by all factions in
Lebanon‘s nine-month-oid civil war.

The ceaseﬁre deadline was set by
a joint supreme military commission

 
    
  
 
   

     
   

   

, e , . ,
Palestinians ut liedfieree attacks

  

' - awthhri an troopsin auction.

to gain territorial advantage before
the pact went into effect. .

Lebanese army units and jets
peppered Moslem and Palestinian
forces marching toward the capital
on the Damascus-Beirut road. stop- ‘
pingthem 25 miles from Beirut. The
leftist Moslem forces attacked and

.burned villages in the south while
they freed convicts in county jails in
the north. ‘

Witnesses said dozens of corpses.
some mutilated, were strewn about
the Christian village of Damour 12
miles south of Beirut.

Leftist groups attacked police
stations in southern Lebanese cities t
and took away quantities of
weapons and ammunition. Police
said they also stormed state prisons
in ﬁve towns and Beirut suburbs, set-
ting free prisoners and killing six
guards.

A security forces spokesman said
an unspeciﬁed number of gunmen
were killed in the battle along the
Beirut-Damascus highway.

Positions Strafed

Earlier, jets had strafed Moslem-
Palestinian positions around a
beseiged Christian enclave on the
coast 12 miles south of Beirut. One
village in the enclave. Saadiyet,
home of Interior Minister Camille
Chamoun, held out while three
others were occupied by the at-
tackers.

The guerrillas and their Moslem
allies bombarded the Christiantown
of Zagarta with mortar and rockets.
The private Christian militia said
they returned ﬁre and repulsed the
attackers on the fringe of town. The

made up otrepti'gsingativel gﬂiiﬁﬁwmthe home of President Fran-
' ' t J .

Lebanese and Syrian. armies as w
as the Palestine Liberation Army—
PLA—to supervise an end to the
ﬁghting and a return to normal life.
The Moslems want to change
Lebanon‘s social structure. up to.
now dominated by the Christian
minority. Members of the PLA came
into Lebanon from Syria this week
to beef up the Moslems. The
Christians said there can be no
change in the governmental set-up

'a‘Christian.

The State Department in
Washington reacted cautiously to
the cease-ﬁre report. John Trattner,
department press ofﬁcer. said the
United States had not beeninformed
of the details of the new plan but
would be encouraged by its
successful outcome and a political
accommodation.

The agreement calls for the return
of all Christians, Moslems and

‘ . Phenol-tho the'areas they oe-

ctlpied before the war; retreat of all N

armed men to their bases,_including .

troops of the PLA who came from -'
Syria this week; redistributionof
political power to end Chnsttan
dominance and give the Moslems an
equal voice; and machinery to im-
prove the economic lot of the
Moslems. . . .

The Christians, once a mommy to
Lebanon but now 40 per cent of the
population, have a 6-5 majority tn
the parliament and control most of
theeconomy

Abu Leila, second in the com-
mand of the radical Popular Front
for the Liberation of Palestine, told
reporters in Damascus that the
Moslems and Palestinians would not

U.S. and Spain'Agree on Defense Treaty
MADRID, Spain (AP)
have agreed on a defens
U.S. sources said today. In
Trattner said an agreement
chance that a treaty will be r .
that any ﬁgures cited as aid and credit
pact are purely speculative. However,
billion might be correct.

Kleslnger Reports Progress Made on Talks

The United States and the new Spanish governtncnl
e treaty to keep American military bases in Spain.
Washington, State Department spokes manlohn
has not been reached. but he did not rule out the
cady for signing this weekend. Trattner also said
for the Spanish government tlndcrthc
he did not deny that a reported SI

agree to a cease-ﬁre um“ “my a“ MOSCOW(AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger said Tbursdnytnlk.

tained their political goals.

He said the Syrian proposal called
for parliament's membership to be
increased from 99 to l20. with the
seats divided equally between
Moslems and Christians. The
premier would be elected by parlia-
ment instead of appointe ‘
president. Some of the prestdent's
power would be transferred to the
premier and a constitutional court
would be set up to settle disputes
between the premier and president.

In Cairo, Mahmoud Riad.
secretary-general of the Arab.
League, told reporters, “I heard with
great satisfaction the reports of the
agreement and I hope it will end the
bloodshed in Lebanon." Egypt's
Foreign Minister Ismail Fahmysaid,
“We hope a cease-ﬁre would hold
and the combatants stan a dialogue
to end their disputes in a quiet at-
mosphere."

Israeli government ofﬁcials in Tel
Aviv said that veiled Israeli war-
nings. both public and through
diplomatic channels. had deterred
Syria from sending its own troops
into Lebanon. The ofﬁcials charged
units of the PLA'from Syria went
into Lgbanon with the blessing and
consent of the Syrian government.

Israel considered the heavy infu-
sion of PLA regulars into Lebanon
as a Syrian threat to impose terms on
the Lebanese for a politicalsolution.
the ofﬁcials said. Israel thinks Syria
wants to incorporate Lebanon intoa
greater Syria.

Nuns Living Together Illegally

. GLEN RIDGE. N..l.(AP) Five nuns
accused of violating a local zoning
ordinance that prohibits nonfamily
members from livingin single-family
houses are related by virtue of their

religious vows, their attorney says.
The nuns. each facing ﬁnes of up

to $20,000. , are to appear in

   

 

Municipal Court next month on
charges they are illegally living
together in a house zoned as a one-
family residence.

The ordinance they are accused of
violating states “that only those
related by blood. marriage or adop-
tion can reside together in a single-

family dwelling." Similar ordinances
have been adopted itt many com-
munities around the country.

The nuns are also accused of
violating a roninglaw that prohibits,
in single-family areas. the parking of
more titan three vehicles at houses
such as the one the nuns rent. Each
woman has her own car.

Summonscs were issued to the
nuns. members of the Sisters of
Charity, a Catholic teaching order.
when neighbors complained they
were unable to use a drivewaydueto
the extra autos, according to
borough ofﬁcials. The ofﬁcials said
the ordinances have been on the
books for years.

Harry St. Clair. mayor of this
affluent commuter suburb near
Newark and New York City, said the
street the nuns live on looks like a
used car lot.

“If ﬁve hippies had been living
there. having wild panics. it
wouldn't have caused a stir if we ask-
ed them to move," said St. Clair.“ We
can‘t legally distinguish between
nuns and hippies."

According to Mauritu Modin. a
town building inspector. penalties
for violation of the ordinances call
for ﬁnes of up to Slot! per day.

with Russia on a nuclear arms
is

added, “we could stalemate. . ‘ I 1

Thursday night after a six-hour delay called by the Soviet stde. thslngcr.

talkin with reporters ‘ ‘

said that so far the negotiations have been very serious With both s.ch

making responsible proposals and narrowing the gap. Klssntgcr n...

d by me understoo

Supreme Court Reconsider: Death Penalty
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court today agreed to broaden its
reconsideration of the death penalty by hearing cases from Georgta. icxns.

arguments on one N r 7
issue and announced ‘hat it would hear further arguments this term. iiIL'

court ruled in 1972 that capital punishment laws then on the booksnt-rc
unconstitutional because they gave too much leeway to judges and _|urlL'h In
determining who would receive the death penalty.

agreement have made “some progress" but
He and Soviet leaders resumed disctlsstons

before he met with Soviet leader Leonid l. lire/liner.

d to have had lesssuceess in gettingthe Soviets to discuss Angoln.

orth Carolina. Florida and Louisiana on March 30. The court hunrd
orth Carolina case last April 2|. but failed to dcctdc the

Committee Approves Railroad BIII

WASHINGTON (AP) A House-Senate conference committee tudttt‘
unanimously approved a $6.4 billion bill to provide funds for reorghm/tng

seven Northeastern railroads and, for assisting other railroads. The mctourc

now goes to the House and Senate for approval. Both are expected to ilL‘l on

the bill next Wednesday and the compromise could be on President Ford's

desk by Wednesday night. The measure is tailored to eliminate objectionsthc
President had expressed to a previous bill. He is expected to Sign the new
measur

I  is}. " ‘
Ford answers Running Mates

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) President Ford said today that ('ommcrce
Secretary Elliot L. Richardson and Sen. Edward W, Brooke of
Massachusetts are among a number of persons he is considering IIS hit occ-
presidential nominees. accordingtothe Concord Monitor. The Monitor hilld
the President met with a group of New Hampshire reporters at tltc White
House today and told them he is also considering Sens. Howard Bilifo ttnd
William Brock of Tennessee and Charles H. Percy of Illinois to ptmlhit’
running mates if he gets the GOP presidential nomination.

Appeals Court Supports Nursing Homes

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) An appeals court Thursday struck down n hut lhlll
gives the State Health Department broad authority to rcgultuc thc modal-n
nursing home industry. The 4-1 ruling by the Appellate Divioon ot mitt
Supreme Court will not deprive the Health Department of all lix]l||\\L'i\1"
regulate nursing homes. But a department spokesman sand it could haw
considerable impact on the department‘s year-long efforts to t-lczto up 1hr
nursing home industry, which has been rocked by revelations ol ttttlcspxcud
corruption and patient abuse.

Louls Levlne Announces Resignation

ALBANY. N.V. (Al’) State Industrial Commissioner Lotus lcmn‘ \ﬂ'd
today he was resigning within 30 days because of personal reasons lunmt
48. who had been head of the state Department of Lttbnr since ,lnnunn l‘l7l.
said he planned to take a post as deputy board chairman of (hoop Health.
Inc.. of New York City, a ttonprofit hcnltlt insurance C(H‘pttrulmlt it'\lllL"
replacement reportedly will be Phillip Ross. a professor oI nnhmrml
relations at Cornell University.

Beame Warns NYC Faces Crises

NEW YORK (AP) In it grimly worded State of the City message Will"
Abraham D. Beamc warned Thursday that “We face the SCVcrcsl cl rm mum
history" and an additional budget deﬁcit of up to $90 million on top ul 1h“
present $724 million deficit. lit a joittt address to the Board of lisotnnlcrmd
City Council at City Hall. Beanie said. “I am here to lcll you that [lit 1th

. . . . . - lilt'

ahead, as far as the eye can see. ts uphill and rough.‘ He put the ilitllllL 1an d

latest vcrston of the city‘s more than year-long ﬁscal crisis on trtttsrllttm

increased costs and declining revenues. While the city has nntdc sign: um”
U

mom forward, we are apparently losing ground on a treadmill of mu m
WCL‘SSIOHV Pcrvastvc Inﬂation, and devastating uncmploymcltt-th-tl dill“
to he accelerating despite the claims of the theorists in thsluntﬂw'

Brown Urges Nedjarl to Teetlfy

new voax (Al’) The chairman of the State Investigation (“Mimi”):
toduy urged special state prosecutor Maurice Nadjuri to chant;c "'5 “‘,'"d. rid
testify personally at an SlC public hearing into grlIndefy leaks. Nitdjllll ltd
Originally Weed to appear but declined Wednesday. Win14"ch‘mmfiuﬂw
a meeting in Washington and that his Um: was limited because ht” '3 “0
under a deadline to complete his investigations.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

JANUARY 23, 197

 

 
 
 
 

  
   
 
  
   
  
  

   
    
  
    
    
       
  
     

I can. Nell? Patent parrot

 

! Will Limit Their Freedom

by Cynthia HaeInIl

SUNY Central's revision of a pa—
tent waiver agreement is failing to
meet the approval of the United Un-
iversity Professors who claim the
policy still restricts their freedom to
discuss their research.

According to SUNY Research
Fouitdation ofﬁcials, the patent
waiver form was originally designed
to simplify the many patent
agreements which SUNY
researchers must sign before receiv-
ing funds. A patent waiver agree-
ment gives the University the rights
to a researcher‘s inventions or dis-
coveries.

The modiﬁed version of the policy
was the result of a heari ng held 'Iast
October to allow the UUPto present
their grievances to SUNY Central.

Originally, the policy would
restrict signers from disclosing “any
information . relating
to . . . discoveries or inventions to
others . . . without the written ap-
proval of the SUNY Research Foun-
dation."

The new version allows research
information to be divulged to
academic colleagues and students

but restricts disclosure to the outside
world.

“It‘s still not acceptable . . . if it
remains as it is now”, said UUP
spokesman Rex Trobridge. “We will
persist in our grievance in accor-
dance with formal procedure."

Professor Jerold Zuckerman of
the SUNYA Chemistry Department
was the first to raise questions about
the original patent waiver. He
brought his grievance to the atten-
tion of UUP, who in turn arranged
for the hearing with SUNY Central.
There. Zuckerman presented the
reasons for his objections to the pa-
tent waiver. “We‘re spending 40
million dollars a year and we're not
going to tell people what's going on?
That‘s the antithesis of what a un-
iversity's supposed to be. The Board I
of Trustees policy exists. It‘s good
enough. I don't know why we need
this.”

On November 25. the UUPreceiv-
ed a decision from SUNY Central.
This was in the form of an altered
draft of the original patent waiver.
UUP found this second draft to be
just as unacceptable if not worse
than the ﬁrst one.

  
 
 
 
 

 
  
  
  
    
   
 

  

   

 

  

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

m

Academic lreedont: United University Professors (UUP) to still unhappy with the revised patent
policy which they say prevents Instructors from ehllng research llndnge with students.

However. Trobridge doubts
whether SUNY Central will accept
this subsequent complaint. “I
suspect that they will say that they
recognized the difﬁculty with the
original patent waiver but the new
version offers itself as an answer."

If such is the case. U UP will carry
its grievance further. This process
will begin with an appeal. lfthis is

refused the next step is a hearing

with the State of New York. The

5, WSUA-FM Draws Nearer
As FCC Gets Application

.‘i'lillrl ml gun-t. rill mt than. (trimming 1/ (vii Ami:

by David Wlnzelberg "H I I

WSUA‘s application for an FM
broadcast license was received by the
FCC last week. bringing the campus
radio station the closest it‘s ever been
to FM,’ Stereo reality.

WSUA is seeking a construction
permit for a Class D Educational
FM station to operate 8190.9 on the
FM dial. According to Station
Manager Eric Goldstcin. the propos-
ed FM transmitter will havca range
of about three miles and will produce
tt “good, clean signal."

’I he application for the FM
channel. containing about 100 pages
of supporting exhibits and
documents, took a year to compile.
last year WSUA ltircd Educational
PM Associates. a ﬁrm which
specializes“ in constructing FM

ir ‘N' .~[.. 

‘ 'I' Itr'v‘rlr‘ :‘l

  
  
 
 

‘ 'ri'rmtﬂ

 

applications for universities, to help . u

them with the technical aspects of
lltc FM channel request.

Legal notice of the FM applica-
tion will run in the Timcs-Unionto—
day and tomorrow. lt announces
that the application. containing a
“complete list of the Ofﬁcers and
Trustees ofthe applicant is available
for public inspection during normal
business hours,‘ in Campus Center
IJO.

Associate Dean for Student Af-
fairs, Robert Squutriglia, who acted
as a go between forthc radio station
ttnd SUNY Ccntrul said that the
:cdcrul Communication Commis-
sion will probably decide onthe FM
request by summer and feels that
there's a good chance of hearing
WSUA-FM by August. Squatriglia
worked on the application with San-
ford Levinc, Deputy Chief Legal
Counsel for SUNY Central to
“establish requirements and criteria
and provide information.“
Squtttriglia also cited an “excellent
performance by Eric Goldstein and
his staff irt building the very com-
plete. very exhaustive application."
Goldstcln said that “without the ef-

Aeeoclete Dean tor Student Altai

 

my” ilslrtei 'oultul llllil lm
.ul.’ rm: -
‘t,’)ri'.ll.lt/ om. gaunt...) at...

mu. 1- ram» is} gnaw“... mm]

.in.
omen

rs Robert Squatrlglla. who was

Instrumental In advancing WSUA‘I FM license application.

forts of Squatrigiia and Student Af-
fairs." the advancement of the
application wouldn‘t be possible,
Although the FM target date is
several months from now, Goldstein
said. “We're starting to think in
terms of FM now. There will be
changes in programming according-
ly." Goldstein said there will be
“more educational and public affairs
programming as this semester goes
on."

WSUA's News Director Paul
Roscnthal said that. “ With FM. our
staff is expected to increase con-
siderably.“ Roscnthal predicts that
FM will attract “more interested

people in all facets of radio."
WSUA presently operates on the
AM band through the AC outlets on
campus. Goldstein saidthat oncethe
FM channel is available, “we will be
the school's only medium to be
able to reach the 50 percent of
students living off-campus quickly."

SA Vice President Rick Meckler.
a longtime critic of WSUA-AM, said
that most students want an FM sta-
tion. He said. “i think the school
needs an FM station."

The antenna for WSU A-FM will
be mounted atop the Campus
Center, with the studios remaining
on the third floor.

ﬁnal step is binding ,arbitration
between Zuckerman and Trobridge
and SUNY Central, at a public hear-
mg.

The UUP will also be channeling
its efforts in another direction—that
is. to dissuade SUNY faculty from
signing the second patent waiver. “If
there is a mass of refusal." says
Trobridge. “SUNY Central will be
under great pressure to do
something. However, if only a few
people don't sign it, pressure could
be cxened upon them in the form of
withholding grants."

Evidence of such pressure already
exists. Zuckerman has in his posses-
sion a copy of a letter written to a
SUNYA faculty member. Dated
December l5, it begins as a letter of
congratulations for approval of the

.li'lil i. t . .

individuai‘s Faculty Research
Fellowship. It continues as follows:
“As one of those individuals who
failed to execute . . . a patent
waiver agreement (the original draft)
it is expected that you will conform
to program guidelines and execute
such patent, waiver
agreement . . . Acceptance of this
award by you implies willingness to
abide by all such guidelines“.

To the grievances of Zuckerman
and the UUP, Louis Salkever. Vice
President for Research, says. “Bull!
Policy decisions that are made are
within the guidelines ofthe Board of
Trustees. The Health. Education
and Welfare auditors who handle
our grants want one patent waiver
that covers all of the SUNY spon-
son.“
(d I'M .91..
llu ' -‘

:trli/twir I w ‘11....”

"‘Il': tvtzw httni t.

English Doc oral   

continued front page one

“The morale inthe English depart-
ment is horrendous," says Ries.
There‘s a sort of elite group running
(it). . .in obvious disharmony with
the other 80 percent."

Fields presents a more optimistic
view of the department‘s
position:“Wc‘l| have a hard time. .
but if we make clear our determina-
tion to be ﬁrst rate and that we‘re
willingto pay the price, lthink itcan
be done.“

Rics does not feel that the price is
worth paying. "If you bringfive peo-
ple in at the top, you‘rejust not going
to be able to hire anyone for another
25 years," he says.

Currently, 34 out of 46 positions
in the English department are
tenured. If. as the evaluators say
they anticipate. about “half ofthe l2
untenured assistant professors ul-
timately gain tenure,“ that will bring
the total number of tenured
positions to 40. The addition of ﬁve
scholars to the faculty would then
make that a total of 45 out of 46
positions tenured. .

Acknowledging that this situation
could result from Fields' plan. Vice
President for Academic Affairs
Philip Sirotkin said,“We have less
ﬂexibility when we get close to 100
percent tenure. but ifthe facultyis of
the highest possible quality in terms
of teaching and scholarship, there‘s
no problem."

Berman feels that things aren't

that simple. "When Sirotkin ad-
dressed the Engiish department the
last week before Christmas." said

Herman. “it was his assumptionthat

there were always better people out
there that we can bringintoimprove
the English program."

“I believe in the notion ofquality,
but I also think his idea is callous."
continued Herman. “There are good
people in this department losing
theirjobs because of his assumption
that you can always get somebody
better."

Fields' plan for the department
will “destroy a long tradition of
teaching,“ says Berman. who claims
that “most ofthe faculty rcalilcthat
touching is relatively unimportant
. . .Pubiicationisthe only criterion
for academic survival."

Fields' main concern. however,
remains the reinstatement of the
Ph. D. program. "Our moral case is
clear." says Fields. who claims-“l
know what a ﬁrst-rate department
ought to be and I know howto create
one."

According to Berman. Fields will
have a long way to go: "It's a very
divided department without effec-
tive leadership . . . a department
that's suffering from an identity
crisis."

Recent changes in the English
department have caused that identi-
ty crisis. The remaining question is
whether or not Fields' master plan
will serve to resolve or aggravateit.

 

by Diane Auerbach (CPS)

Besides the usual hodge podge of
English. biology and psychology
classes. students at a number of
schools across the country are ad-
ding a new course to their schedules
this year: job hunting.

At dozens of colleges and univer-
sities, students are getting academic
credit for learning how to find a job.
And schools not yet tuned to to the
latest innovation of careerguidance
are paying consultants thousands of
dollars to show them what to do.

 

JANUARY 23, 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Pia: THREE

 
  

 
  
 

  
 
  
   
 
    
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
        
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
  

$7574: 

 557:"

  
   
   
  
  
    
  

   
 

 
  
 

 
  
 

   
  
  
 

 
   
  
  
    
   
      
    
   
    

