"N M...

 

“my.” ;..,.._ L1,-..   . . ., . 
-1» -17). J2: b». s-.- - .- r a a; .si'i‘.-.

 

.w wrung

 

 

: 2" 
by Janis nus-y?

As 'a resident of the twentieth floor of
Stuyvesant Tower, part of Albany's first
"alternative living environment”. I am in-
evitably asked the question, “Is it really quiet
up there?" Happily,- I can answer with an
enthusiastic “Yes!” But the reason the section
is quiet is even more important to me than the
decibel level. It is quiet because the residents

. respect each other and are willing to work

together asa community. There are no speciﬁc
rules concerning noise in the quiet section.
Residents are free to have stereos and
televisions, and most do. The section works
because the students believe that their
neighbors: right to quiet is as important as
their own desire to make noise. People are free
to pursue their own lifestyles as long as they
don‘t interfere with others'.

A new student living in the hall probably
wouldn't notice that he was in a quiet section.
One doesn‘t normally notice the absence of
blaring stereos and screaming maniacs. He
might not even be surprised that he‘d be able
to study in his room, or fall asleep when he
pleased. But the clincher would come when.
the night before his organic test, tired of hear-
ing Renaissance played at volume l0. he
would feel comfortable enough to ask his
neighbors to turn their stereo,down, and. lo
and behold, they would—and he wouldn‘t
have to fear reprisal at two a.m. the next mor-
ning. Surely our visitor would notice a
difference now. but I don't think that he, or
most other students, would be displeased by it.

Another unique aspect of the quiet hall is
that we have town meetings every other week.
A typical meeting is attended by about~thirty
residents. Each meeting is led by a different
suite; the R.A. merely reports on things he‘s

   

' tant part in the section's success. They've turn-
7 ed an abstract concept into an experiment

w t In; ‘t ‘dhappened
«lasts y' uad'boardmeeting. Planst‘ora

. sedion trip to Dippiklll were also made.
The town meetinp have played an impor-

whicheach of us is intimately involved in and
personally in control of. By planning and
earryingiout a wide range of activities from a
Halloween party to a picnic at Thatcher Park
to a discussion on how to care for house
plants, we've built the strong community
necessary for making the idea oftlie quiet sec-
tion a working reality.
o

The variety of our activities reflects the
variety of studentsinthc section. The students‘
reasons for living in the quiet section also
vary—some like to study in their room, others
like to go to sleep early. The one thing
everyone has in common is the desire for a
quieter place to live, and the willingness to
work together to achieve‘it.

The concept of quiet housing and other
types of alternate living environment is
nothing new. Both Syracuse and SUNY
Binghamton have quiet housing similar to
ours in size and purpose. Cornell has had a
“scholarship house“ since I947. They also
maintain other “special project units", in-
cluding a hall oriented towards ﬁne arts
students which contains studios, live-in facul-
ty members, and a small theater. an ecology
house. and a black students' dorm. Much of
the reason for the quiet hall‘s success at
Albany is its sense of identity; the feclingthat
the residents are united by a common purpose
rather than being thrown together at random
makes the dorm more a self-contained unit
than merely another building in a huge dor-
mitory complex. Othertypes of alternative liv-
ing environment may better answer the needs
of students dissatisﬁed with the dorms for
reasons other than noise. Quiet housing
should be only the beginning of an attempt to
diversify housing on campus; the best is
probably yet to come.

 

with

DAVID
SANCIOUS

 

PAGE TWELVE

University ConcertBoard
presents

[9813863 FIBGJDUP‘FEJG]

 

FRIDAY, FEB.6
8:00 pm
tickets on sale now!!!

TICKETS: $3.50 w/sa TAX CARD
$6.00 General Public

Bus tickets will be available Feb 2-6 in the contact office

TICKETS ALSO ON SALE AT THE PALACE

muss

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by Jonathan Mario . j» ’ ' , g ' _ _' ' ‘

Deterntined to actually attend my classes this semester,- I had also resulted to be prompt (no
more than a half hour‘late). So, I set my alarr‘n for 7 MIL. and got a good four hours sleep,
ﬁguring that way I‘d be good and rested. -

When the alarm rang, I rubbed the sleep from my eyes, jumped out of bed and splashed cold
water on my face, caning my lack of speed. In a rush, I took my coffee straight, downing a
spoonful of. Maxwell House without the water. I

l hastily threw on mythermal underwear, undershirt, je‘ans, turtleneck, sox, boots, vest,
sweater. earmuffs. cap, scarf. dungaree jacket. and snorkel coat. I was ready to leave. Climbing
out my third ﬂoor window. stepping onto the snow, I put on my skiis and pointed myself in the
general direction of Quail Street. Finally arriving at Quail and Western at 9 o’clock. I hoped to
catch a SUNYA bus—by noon. ‘

After three Green Monsters passed our stop without so much as a hunk, our will to live

prompted us to build an igloo. Meanwhile, time passed—l0 o'clock. . . ll o‘clock. . . l2
o‘clock. . ,.

We watched six full buses pass. and fervently prayed for relief —a boardable bus. Our prayers
unanswered, time continued to pass—Tuesday. . . Wednesday. . . Thursday. . .

Four days later, Sabatino's Liquor Store no longer extending us credit. we all agreed that We
would have to mount an offensive. “We'll block the road, and when the bus stops, we‘ll climb
onto the roof, “said Hank. a senior. and an err-Alaskan pipeline worker who felt at home in the
brisk. refreshing, -50° weather.

We hauled a dead tree to block Western Avenue, and had it set in postionjust as the Green
Monster reached Lake Street. A scant three hours later. asthe bus approached our tree at Quail.
it slowed down.

Like clockwork, we all sprang out of our positions. and slid toward the bus. The driver realized
our attempt to catch the bus, and accelerated, trying to pick up enough speed to jump over our
barricade.

Like machine gun fire, snow came shooting out from under the whirling bus tires at us. We
were under attack . . . . . Bob. Hank, and some unknown Hudson Avenue resident were cut
down instantly, succumbing to a slushy fate. I fired two snowballs through the driver's open vent
window, the first dazing him. and the second careening offthe steering wheel and hitting thcdoor
control to the “open” position.

Racing around to the right side, I desperately grabbed onto the slippery railing. and with the
aid ofa shoehorn, boarded the vehicle. Perching myself onafricndly pair ofshoulders, I had the
most comfortable seat of all: Success at last!!!

I was still thawing when we reached the Dutch Quad stop. Bounding out of the bus. 1 quickly
sloshcd over to Social Science, arriving promptly at the beginning of the class period.

Sure, I was week late, but that wascool. The fact remained; Ihadnmde it! As I slid through the
hallway visions of poor Bob, felled atthe Quail St. Massacre. danced through my head. His body
completely covered with black slush, he had been struck down clutching a bus schedule in his
hand.

Wearily trudging intothc darkened classroom, I faced empty chairs. Bewildcred, I looked up
at the blackboard, on which was written in chalk:

"Class cancel/or] today. Sorry/or any lllt'tlll\‘t’lllt’lit't’. "

lCOLONtAL QUADI
IS SPONSORING A

 

 

50’s DANCE

DANCE CONTEST MUNCHIES
BEER SODA

COLONIAL QUAD
U-LOUNGE

prices:
5 .50 with Colonial Quad card
$1.00 with tax curd
$1.25 with nothing

DRESS Ul’lN 50's S'l‘Yl.Elllllllllll

Saturday January 31 9:00 - 1:00

proof roqulrod

 

 

funded by student association

 

 

   

 

 

JANUARY 30, 1976

 

 

 

‘AMIAslis

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

JANUARY 30, 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' (Immune-attenuate) ' . ~'  I. ,l f 7
AMIAB ktbllSt d“ * 
LEAGUE l W L as e a   
Chosen-5 ed 3 = , I r3
R ‘ . .
mfg“ ‘ 2 LEAGUE III w L Herbs 3 2 "A 4 o I s 2
6'0 2 4 NORTH Carbunkle 3 2 [100,13 3 | C I 3 2'
m 2 4 J. Talk Joint Effort 2 2 Yeows 2 2  ‘l’ t .
. Child 2 4 “’5 3 0 Michelob 2 3 Pitch, 2 2 's V
 I 5 s-o-M'F- 4 I OTR I 3 Owls 2 3 clowns o 4
LEAGUE l SCORING E'waFm 3 l Incoherent o 3 superstition 1 3 Doctors V .0 5
LEADERs , PM“ "a" 3 l Perverts o 3 gamma 1 3 LEAGUE III (con't.)
Abernathy, (Hoods) ' 95 5""5“ 2 2 Zone 0 5 Spasms o 4 WEST
Mm.“ (Chasm) 87 Toms Turkeys 2 3 LEAGUE ll w L LEAGUE ll scosING ‘
Kralstein (Run) 73 P" 2 3 EAST LEADERS Cltmax 4 o
n. n (Chesen-S) 67 C'Péaders I 2 Zeitlin. (Shooters) 94 Rebels . 4 0
“53610) 57 Saints I 4 Sjambok 5 o Gay,(Bughmen) g7 Potter Club 3 0
We her (Hoods) 57 canmbus 0 4 H0161 Quail 3 1 Marcus, (Hooples) 85 Take-5 _ 4 I
an8 iChosen-S) 49 SOUTH Desperados 3 I Litke, (Shooters) so Funky Al's 2 I
P 53;“ (Run) 43 Crt. Masters 4 2 Selsky, (Convicts) 70 Willa“ 2 1 a‘
ssh nt '(I’anama Red) 42 N°5°dive 4 0 Gceboes 2 2 Thompson, (Superstition) 65 Pnde l 2
F a‘ iChosen-s) 39 Who” 4 0 Shooters 3 3 was, (Owls) 64 Wake-u? I 3
m Eggs 3 1 sm 2 3 Rospiock.(snmbok) 60 Pea 3w" 0 3
Price Chpprs 2 3 Romano,(Yeows) 53 Billie“ 0 4
SCA 0 4 Kadletz,(l’rice Choppers) 53 Power 0 5
M” Convicts o 5 LEAGUE III (con't.) CENTRAL 
WES'I‘ EAST 
Myassis Dragons 4 0
A  n Bushmcn 5 0 RatsdtCo. 0 High Flyers 4 l
TXO 3 l
Mud 3 I
A ocalypse 3 2
W ﬁg I, Mark V Travel Club Inc. 5531,, 1 3
' m Wizzard Imps l 3
BBB I 4
 to  Moore‘s Whores 0 2
. - Once ina While 0 4
luxurious Accomodattons LEAGUE m SCORING
h t SUNYA Camera ClubPhoto ra h _ LEADERS
Emer'he s‘.'ep o 0 Contest 9 p y available at the Marco Polo Cohen,(Hudson Hoopsters) 80
Feldman. (Rebels) 68
. . Tazza. (Underdogs) 59
Round Top VIa deluxe Motorcoach Eisner. (MM, 5,;
For details call Joe Ingoglla at 457-3002 Schnuen mm) 56
- °' Smith.(Tom's Turkeys) 56
Stop by State Photo Stuyvesant Plaza. Leave NYC Feb 28 wasserman’ (um: Ram") 56
Return Albany March 7 Block. (Apocalypse) 5,
Lensky.(Esss) 52
   Skelly J"  5|
Do yosTFave a
  minute to spare?
   did you know that for a mlnssto of
€L€  S. your time you could help pan a law?
as a part of the
FEBRUARY 17. 18. 19 NYPIRG Student Lobby
I I . , _ you can be part of the
, , 3 d statewide movement to:
Ben nomination forms may be picked up and roturne
to CC 546 9 am 10 4 pm Feln'nmﬁy 12’. r 8
. , I - ban non-returnable bottles
‘ T t‘ b‘:
for Lhe muwwmg’ WMUL)“ - dccriminalize marijuana
- reform the Educational Testing Service (ETS)
(‘ICN‘I'RAL ('(Il'M‘ll. - ensure nuclear safeguards rm.
- effect other important legislation
3 Off Campus 3 Indian QIIIId
I State Quad I Alumni Quad
WV” “‘5!” “Wm.” In other words.forthetimelttakestoreadthis ad.youeould writeto
your State Legislator and have an Impact on your future.
SI'INA‘I'IC
I Alumni Quad V I
I Off ( utnpus
I (‘olonial Quad
W One voice is hard to hear. 
anyone interested 1n workins thousands are hard to Ignore 1
during the election (31-00 P” Wu”) ,
call 7-6643 for further information if
stop by the NYPIRG office (CC 333) or call 457-2446. '-
PAGE THIRTEEN

“awn”: :43.  .

 

 

