 
    

   
  
 
 

  
  
   
  
 

      
     
          
       
         
      
     

  
   
  

and Democratic presidential
 agree is anotlarr key

Fordran ii: earlypt'imaryruord
‘10 .fmr‘forcl'ow over challen’l'
Ronald Reagan while [ﬁner swap
pl! Alum Gov. Georg C.
Wall-u in that fun! land-loaned
dominate: in the South.

Forde 53113 no of the voteto
W5 47 per ant. Among
Demouus. Caner got 34 per cm.
Wallace 31 perm and Sen. Berry
M Jackson 24 pa cut. The rat of
the Demnaatie vats were split

Jackson who outpolled Ema a
week ago to win in MassachtIsw-S.
said today that be was happy with
third-place in Tusday‘s Florida
primary.

“I never claimed we were goingto
carry here.‘ the Washington senator
said in an .irnerview on NBCs “To
day“ show. Asked if the Honda
results represemed a setback.
Jackson said. “Absolutely not.“ but
he said they did increase the cone
petition between him and Caner. “I
think it puts us we to toe.“ hesaid.

Sen Hubert ll. Humphrey of
Minnesota. who has said he is not a
candidate but would accept the
nominmion if a deadlocked conven-
tion offered it to him. said in a“To—
day“ show interview from
Washington:

“This is a horse race now.“

He added that major tests lie

whreibligﬂuhri ddcﬂlm
totem-d . - f v '

m. bulb; for Gringo to-
hy. saidliyaiinawvierorymﬁ
pod springboard for us 10 p on
In wﬂ to the large 
Stat: of Illinois.“

Thefmﬁeorjagovemorsaid
his viaory was a defeat forWallace.
who won the 1972 Florida primary
with42peram zrlthevotﬂbntsaid
Wallace isn‘t out of the ram yet.

The Alabama governor. who was
in Illinois seeking voles. said the
defeat wasn‘t “the but thinginthe
world“ for his umpaign. but added:
"I‘mstillintherarx forthepresiden-
cy.“ He said Florida was
“cosmopolitan . . . not exactlyaso-
called Soutl'crn state”

 

Florida would hook the inner
Chlifornia governor on omen:

Reagan declined to predid win!
would happen .in Illinois. musing
that Ford hastheadvarupofmin-
cmnhem.“l haverogonraighttotbe
grass roots and I‘ve been gratiﬁed
withtberewption I‘vereceivedfrom
them so fm.’ he said

Ford. who ampuigmd in Illinois
over the weekend and plans ancuher
tript‘herelaterthis week. saidhewas
elated with the results of the primary
which gave him 43 delegates to the
party‘s national convention while
Reagan got 2.3.

 

South Africans Will Not Fight

JOHANNESBL'RG. South Africa
(AP) “The whites represent the
blacks in Parliament—so tell them
to represent us in this war."

The wry statement. in a letter lo a
newspaper. reﬂected the overwhelm-
ing attitude of African readers
answering the question. “Would you
ﬁght for South Africa if we arcin-
vaded from Angola?"

Only I7 per cent said they would
fighL when the World. South
Africa‘s largest daily aimed ex—
clusively at Africans. invited readers
to write in on the issue.

Of 244 letters received. 203 or 83
per cent. were against ﬁghting to do
fendthe country. the Worldreported
Thursday.

Only 4] readers who replied said
they were prepared to ﬁght—and
most of lhose said they would expect
full citizenship rights and abolition
of South Africa‘s pass laws in return.

Every African is obliged to carry
his reference book. or pass. at all
times. on penalty of arrest.

The World posed the question
after Colin Eglin. leader of the
Progessive—Reform party. which
opposes racial separation. told the
all—white Parliament in Cape Town
recentlythat whites would be infor a
rude shock if black leaders were
allowed into Parliament to tell of
black feelings on the war issue. The
newspaper awarded prizes for the
ben letters on each side.

Ephraim Maakane. who received
atop $37 prize for his letter. wrote:
“there is no home for blacks except
Souh Africa Even long before the
whites came here it was our home.
This is the right moment to showthe
outsider that we also are in posses—
sion of the spirit of patriotism"

But some recalled bitterly that
their fathers fought for the Allies in
World War II with relatively little
reward. Whenthe war ended. whites

PAGE TWO

were given “farms and fat checks“
while blacks were given bicycles.
blankets and 'worthless medals."
one said.

Another reader. signing himself
‘Disgtmtedf‘ wrote: “My father
spent ﬁve good years in the last was
defending the country. He received a
new bicycle and a new tag . . ."

“While this war goes on. I‘ll be
hauling withthis damned ‘dompass.‘
" wrote reader C. Motloung. 'Dom—
pass“ is the African slang for the
reference book.

A reader living in Soweto. the vast
African township outside of
Johannesburg. dissassoc...ted
himself from affairs of the white-
ruled South African republic,
writing that “I am a citizen of 3 Ban-
tu homeland. sol would beim olvlng
myself in foreign politics—South
Africa's."

Nearly all readers in favor ofsup-
porting South Africa in the event of
invasion stressed that they regarded
communism as more of ulhrcullhun
racism.

CIA Picks on Otis Pike

WASHINGTON (AP) Rep. Otis
Pike says a CIA ofﬁdal threatened
to destroy him after the House in-
telligence committee approved its
ﬁnal report on spy agencies. but the
ofﬁcial angrily denied the story.

Pike. (D-NY). who served as
chairman of the now-defunct panel.
told the House on Tuesday that CIA
counsel Mitchell Rogovin made his
threat in a telephone call to com-
mittee chief of staff A Scarle Field.

“Pike will pay for this. You wait
and see.“ Pike quoted Rogovin as
Idling Field. “I am serious. There
will be political retaliation for lhls.
You‘ll see Any political ambition
Pike has in New York is through.
We‘ll destroy him for this."

Pike said Field wrote a memoran-
dum on the conversation but that he
personally had discounted
Rogovin's alleged remarks as being
made out of anger. He said he is un-
aware of any attempt so far to "get
him."

Rogovin angrily denied that he
made any threats. “Field's a God-
damned liar.“ Rogovin said.

He said he and Field had a “big
ﬁght" the night ofthe telephone call
over CIA efforts to obtain copy of
the panel‘s report. But he said. “I‘ll

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

be damned if I said anything about
destroying Pikc or anything like
that. [don't knou what kind of game
he's trying to play. but there's no
truth to it.“

Field could not be reached for
comment.

The report was leaked in the
following days and ultimutcly was
published by the weekly Village
I‘oicc in New York. Film sold the
material printed by the ucwspupcr
was substantially the ﬁnal report.

Pike said the report could have
been leaked not only by someone
connected with the panel but by
someone in the White House. Slate
Department or CIA. He sold llc un-
derstood I'll copies were made front
one given to the CIA and lwolurncd
over to the Slulc Depunmcnl.

Earlier. I‘ikc uccuncd flu: CIA and
State Dcpurlmcnl of frying to dlu-
credit lllc Ilouic couunlltcc by m:-
cusing ll of losing 232 ilocuulcuul.

But. I’lkr. fold the Home in In
separate spccch. puncl xluff members
found 200 of file documents Ill (BIA
headquarters Monday before qulf-
ling their scorch. I‘lko nuld Illa stuff
members found that CIA Icconln
Were bud llflll that In: Would not send
the stuff buck to llutl lllc tell.

some Stein to Run For Senator

NEW You (AP) Assanblyman Andrew Stein. a Manhattan Democrat
who gu‘ned recognition with his invutigation of the nursing home scandal.
declared his candidacy Thursday for the us. Senate seat now held by
Repoblian Comm James L Buckley. Stein entered the Demo“...c
primary on the same day that nursing home czar Bernard Bergman pleaded
guilryin bothstatc andfederal coumberelnconneaion with the scandal and
when Assunbly Majority Leader Albert H. Blumenthal was reindicled {or
anepdly using his inﬂuence to help Bergmm Asked if the Blumenuul
matter would hurt him with the Democratic Panyleadership. Stem replied.
"I‘m after the people‘s support, not the leaders."

BIL-nerd“ Indefod On Three More Counts

NEW YORK (AP) The second highest ranking Democrat in the 9m;
legislature was indiaed Thursday on charge of receiving unlawful payments
from nursing home czar Bemard Bergman after Bergman agreed to
cooperate with the prosecution in the case. State Assembly Major”) Lead"
Albert Bltunenlhal'sindiamenl was announced as Bergman pleaded guiltym
fedaal court to conspiring to ﬁle more than SI million in false medicaid
claims as part of his deal with prosecutors. Blumenthal was indicted 1131
December on dght counts of pejury, but special state prosecutor Charlcs
Joseph Hynes said a supercedingindictmem ﬁled Thursday added charges of
receiving a reward for ofﬁcial misconduct. recziving unlawful fees and
payments and receiving unlawful gratuities.

Postal Service to Cut Back Deliveries
WASHINGTONMP) Business mail delivery will be cut back m l0 Eastern
dties. including New York. in another move by the US Postal Semcc l0
save money by reducing services. The other cities are Philadelphia.
Pittsburgh. Washington. Baltimore. Richmond, Syracuse. L'uca Buffalo
and Rochester. The cutbacks inthese cities from twice daily will ' :tnc
March 29. the Postal Service said. Delivery in New York City ml. mm
three times a day to twice a day. effective May I7. New Yorl. has been the
only city in the nation with thrice-daily delivery to bmll‘ll‘ss‘.“ r. lhc
Manhattan distria.

Tax Returns Turned Over to Justice Dept.

WASHINGTON (AP) Internal Revenue Service Comnussioner [Wald C
Alexander testiﬁed Thursdaythat the federal returns of 6.704 la). pa '.
turned over to the Justice Department in I975 for the prosecutz tv
criminal cases. Testifying before the federal Privacy Prom
Commission. Alexander said federal tax returns are ma} tut
investigations of narcotics trafﬁckers and varioustypes of Willie :t.
The commission has recommended that federal prosecutors he
get a court order before obtaininglax returns for nontaxlau 2m e~ _' --

 

  
 
   
  
 

Argentina Faces Mllllary Coup Agaln
BUENOS AIRES. Argentina (AP) Argentina‘s Peromsl mm
third anniversary of its sweeping return to power. is Spilnlefl’u : _
factions and faces the specter once again of a military coup The l’:
gained a landslide \ictory March II. I973. in electlom organize; an
urmed forces that relinquished power after ruling for years I! “m
nndjubilunt comeback for the Peronists who \owed to umf} 4’.
their ideology loosely woven by Juan D. Peron came undone a h:
months ago. His thoughts are nowinterpreted by leftists and ng‘
ﬁt their own molds.

 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

Candidates May Be Rulnlng Foreign Policy
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger v.”
the I976 prcsidcnlial campaign with both feet Thursday. A
politically motlvulcd criticism of American diplomacy mll wreck
foreign policy. "If the quest for shon-term political gains prcun:
other considerations. this can be a period of misleading over-5.7.? '
furthcrdccisivencss and stcrilcrecriminatiom'Kissmgcr declared l. ~. . "
prepared for delivery in Boston. the secretary mentioned no Kalli?! but
clearly was aiming his remarks at former California Gm Roms Rely”
uud Scn. Henry M. Jackson. D-Wash.. both contenderslorthe Flf‘ld‘m‘l

Plu Causes Postponement of Hearst Trlal

PAN FRANCISCO (AP) The bank robbery trial of Pamela Hum Ms
PO’IIP‘lm‘d 10‘1")! until at lcxut next Mondav after the young dcls‘ndunl Ms
taken too hospitul for treatment offheflu. ‘zThe court has been adnmi by l
 Public Health Service doctor that m: ddcndam has a rtspddltlf)
"3mm" 0' “Pscl luul temperature." said US. District Coon Judge Old“ -'
tuner. “This requires exmnination at a hospital to determine treatment "
U.b'. Attorney Juutcs L. Browning told reporters that the pun bad ban
cxcusctl unlil Mouduy nut! that attorneys intended to workon pn‘ifduml
uuutcrn on Friduy. '

-..»' up

    
 
 
  

Rood Announces Reduction of Bans

WASHINGTON (AP) Air Force Secretary Thomas Reed todav anrwuncCd
If new round of pollllcully sensitive military base cutbacks and a'rth‘W” of
fourteen "52 bombers lo me money. Reed said three bases—one of 1 mm ‘"
l'mldcm Fonl‘u quuc Mute of Michigan—draw: been chosen to be 6'05“! “"d
llka 45 other buses will be realigned. Some 26 of the bases are due 1010“
mlllmry uutl clvlllunjuhs. The other: will gain personnel. ln all. An Fm“
officials Mild. there will be a reduaion of 7.500 axillary and “cam 3'000
chilillll poulliom and about moo personnel transfers Rood clatmtd m“
ulllmalo saving from these nctlons will come to about SISO million a M"

MARCH 12, 1976

by inn llolabcg v

SA'u Executive Budget Com-
mittee has shifted prior-Ides and
modified funding procedures while
preparing their budget recommono
dations for I976—77. according to
Committee Chairperson Rich
Greenberg

“Living area: are being given
greater priority." says Greenberg.
“In the past, they've been shafted.
We‘ll probably [recommend] they be
budgeted a set amount per person in
the area, say, 55 per person."

Greenberg explained that there is
hope that the recommendation will
deemphasize Quad Cards.

“A rider will be attached stating
that if any Quad event uses e‘ven SI
of SA funds, a Quad Card differen-
tial [for non-card holders] can't be
charged." said Greenbcrg.

Apparently such activities as State
Quad’s Tower East cinema would
not be affected if such a rider were
approved as Greenberg said that
“SA money is apparently not in-
volved with Tower East."

Greenbch also said that “plus use

  
   

of income" fundingva 
apparently be diioorulnued If both
SA President Andy human end
Central Council appro'velhe budpf.
He explained. “In the past, any
money planted was in effect med
however [the group] wanted.
Elimination of this pumice will ﬁve
the controller more control over
each group's funding."

Greenberg ’ explained that in
evaluatingthe Budget. consideration
is directed to the quality, scope, and
cost of each group. the number of
students served. and past ﬁscal
responsibility and efﬁciency. Also
considered are [group' plans for
future programmingGreenbcrg said
the Chinese Club was an example of
this. Their appropriation was in-
creased to cover the New Year
celebration which was held this year
for the ﬁrst time and is being planned
for next year.

WSUA FM Appropriation

Greenberg mentioned that Con-
tingency budgets must also be
prepared for many groups. For ex-
ample, an initial WSUA-FM ap-

   

gget‘P ‘* 7

   
 

propriation has  .mm in-

addition to an AM budget (6 cover .

eons until the station's natu- ls
determined. V
DIde lad“ ,-

‘ As Greenbergseesit. the budget is,
philosophically, an attempt at
presenting a diversiﬁed any of no
tivities and reaching the largest
number of students. but this is a
problem because there are not
enough funds to fully cover all
group's requests.

The Budget Committee chairper-‘

son for 1974—75. Howie Grossman.
explained that the Committee is very
“conservative and cuts tothe bone so
further cuts could be avoided."

Greenberg said that the present
committee “tries to be accom-
modating with each group but that
cuts are always necessary."

The Committee discussed each
group's budget in detail with
representative's of the groups. But
once the Committee submits its
review. Greenberg saidthat“CemraI
Council in their inﬁnite wisdom can
slash away as they please."

Placement Ofﬁce Says Graduates

by Deb Shepard

They say to get a good job you
need a good education, but what is a
good education?

   
 
   

\ ' .
é“ i) ’I ’ )

Universities
by Diane Auu'bach (CPS)

When students break school rules.
the traditional way of doling out
justice is to drag them down to the
dean's ofﬁce. lecture them sternly
and promptly suspend them. Case
opened. case shut and ‘out the school
door they go.

Yet an increasing number of
colleges are leaving tradition behind
and looking to the US court system
as a model for setting up school
judiciary systems. Students charged
with violating school regulations
now often receive written notices of
the charges against them. appear in
school court to present their defense
and have the opportunity to appeal
their punishment to a higher court.

Although the juries are usually
made up of faculty. administrators
and students. some school court
systems are manned entirely by
students.

The court system at the University
of Georgia, for instance. is made up
of a main court. which deals with
serious violations that might result
In suspension. a campus court,
which rules on dorm rule infractions
and a trafﬁc court.

Student justices hear all the cases
and decide on appropriate punish-

MARCH 12, 1976

It‘s no big secret thejob market is
less than wide open. Millions of well
educated Americans are un-
employed or under-employed. Yet.

 

 

Copy Courts

ment.

“Cheating. book theft and assault
are the three most common cases we
handle.” says one of the main court
justices. “but we also deal with all
drug cases and some cases involving
serious falsiﬁcation of university
records."

The J-Board at Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute in New York is
also run by students. although
punishments are decided jointly by
the judiciary board and the ad-
ministration.

Cases have run the gamut from
federal crimes to fraternity frollcs.
Lam semester the J-Board meted out
justice to an electronics whiz who
decided to bypass Ma Bell bills and
drilled a hole in his dorm room wall
to wire into a pay telephone, four
students who were accused of steal-
ing tuba of ice cream from the Com-
mons by lowering them by ropes out
a second-story window, and a
freshman frat pledge who had been
spotted happily hoslng down several
students with a ﬁre extinguisher.

“We haven't had much problem
with the administration deciding one
form of punishment andthc students
another." commented a student
government leader. “Thin run

  

 
 

students are spending their time,
energy. and money on a degree in
hopes it will buy them a career.
Some four-year graduates are
qualified to land a good job; and
some are lucky if they are hired to
sell hamburgers for $2.30 an hour.
The difference is determined long
before the ﬁrst interview. According
to SUNYA's placement ofﬁce, key
factors distinguishing success from
failure are: type of digree. grade
point average. experience, and. of
cour-;c, personal traits and ambition.

Accordingto Dr. Clinton Rubens
of SUNYA's placement ofﬁce. the
best opportunities today areln allied
health ﬁelds. Two percent of
Albany's graduates are qualified in
this area. Business is number two on
the list—thirteen percent hold a
degree in business. Eight percent
could enter the ﬁelds of science and
technology. the third most likely
source of employment.

Fourth in line is government and
public service. another eight percent

pretty smootth here.”

Less smooth are the judiciary
relations between students and ad-
ministrators at Wayne State Univer-
sity in Michigan where the Board of
Regents recently instituted a student
code of conduct and a judiciary
system. Students should have the
right to school hearings in which
they can present their side of the
story. the regents decided. But their
fellow students won't get to hear it:
the judiciary board is made up en-
tirely of administrators.

“It's a kangaroo court.” says one
student. “The universif ll both the

 

 
       

 
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  

8A Budget eommmu Chum-n Ileh Cmnboro tools that lung
areas have been “Med” "woth previous lundng policies. .

Will Find Jobs Scarce

qualify here. Environmentalists are
the next most wanted. and six per-
cent quaIify. Legal professions are
si xth, but an undergraduate degree is
not sufﬁcient for entry into the world
of law. Social and community scr-
viccs is the eighth most open area of
employment, eight percent qualify
here.

Education-afﬁliated careers bring
up the rear as the most closed
employment opportunity. Twenty-
two percent of SUNYA's graduates
are prepared for careers in educa-
tion. Thirty-three percent hold
degrees in the humanities, which are
not generally applicable to any
speciﬁc career. These students may
go on to higher education. or hope
for the best in the job market.

Gwen Simmons. also from the
placement ofﬁce, expressed the opi-
nion that SUNYA graduates are
competitive in the job market, but
probably no better off than alumni
of state schools such as Oneonta or
Gencseo. Asked whether it is still
worthwhile to have a degree she

prosecutor and the judlcator.”

The Michigan American Civil
Liberties Union and several student
organizations have protested the
system. charging that it represents a
violation of sludents‘ rights.

“The- Fourteenth Amendment
gives citizens the right to betried by
their peers. Students are citizens.
too." says one Michigan attorney.

So far. the US court system has
not ruled on this matter. Students
facing suspension must be given the
chance to face their accuser: and ex-
plain their version of the alleged
crime a recent Sn rams Court decl-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

hesitated as did a" placement ofﬁce
personnel. saying it was impossible
to over-yucralize about such things.
Although the ofﬁce does a survey
each year to determine how many
grads have gotten what kinds of jobs.
the response is very bad and results
are insigniﬁcant.

Nobody really seems to know who
succeeds and why. With the job
market in it's present state. millions
of people are looking for the secret
formula. Today's graduates have to
diligcntly search for jobs; the time
when opportunity comes calling is
pretty much over.

Recruiting at SUNYA is way
down over past years. and things
aren‘t looking up. However. many
employees do notify the placement
ofﬁce of openings they have
available. Notices of the opportunity
are then sent to all qualiﬁed alumni
who are presently registered withthe
ofﬁce. It is then up to the individual
to follow up on the lead. Surprising-
ly, less than ISOO post graduates are
now registered with this service.

 

sion. 0058 vs. Lopez. decreed.

But the right to be tried by one's
peers. to have counsel and to cross-
examine witnesses are Fourteenth
Amendment rights which have not
been speciﬁcally tied to the college
court system.

Other legal problems weigh down
the new court system at the Universi-
ty of Wisconsin at Madison where
students. along with the Wiscondn
American Civil Liberties Union.
have attacked the system’s infraction
of protection against double
jeopardy—being tried for the same
offemetwioe.

   
   

PAGE THREE

 
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
   
 
    
  
 
 
  
   
    
   
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
     

