 
  

W.

9,...

-"" ‘w. Wf‘f': _

-.-.--. ...
 W17...

w: ‘1'“

   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  

‘ [swat—~—

"3.5

    
 

 

.,.~...,.~..a—..* Mum... .=

‘u‘cmaei‘ ﬁrm—arrears"

..vv««-.r...r m. ﬁwwgwg...‘ , _

—-— N g”... ..

:1
t

 
 
 
 
 
  

J
5.

aurirganizationucllcy sa'

ability to get and keep unlimited
secreta'came under attack from both

the.’_Ford administration and some

congressmen Monday as details of
- theHouse Iiitelligence Committee‘s
ﬁnal report became public.
' The report says U.S. intelligence
,costs about SlO billion a year and
says some covert operations
sometimes have been ordered by
presidents and their staffs over CIA
and State Department opposition.
' It says then-President Richard M.
Nixon. for example. directed the
CIA to support Kurdish rebels in
Iraq over objections from the CIA.
Secretary of State Henry A.
"Kissinger. and the State Depart-
. meat.

The House committee set to work
Monday on proposed recommen-
dations including one to abolish a
major Pentagon intelligence agency
and another to create a permanent
House intelligence committee.

Central intelligence Director
William E. Colby called a late after-
noon news conference. reportedly to
criticize public disclosure of secret
operations in connection with
release of the House report.

Without expressing criticism of
Congress. FBI Director Clarence
Kelley told a Senate committee that
increased congressional supervision
could jeopardize his agency‘s in-

u

:3 ’vestigation ability.

 “The establishment of unlimited
.u access olf.'congresstncn to FBI secrets
ould seriously jeopardize the flow
‘mﬁlvoluntccr informa 'on. which is
t 'e lifc blood of ouk’vestigativc

' “Wkstnitoroa (AP) Congress»

and Nessen declined tti comment on

it.But. he said the premature release a

of" the preliminary draft of the com-
mittee report is in violation of the
security agreement which the White
House understood it had with the
committee for the handling of
classiﬁed material.

“This unauthorized release raises
serious questions about how
classiﬁed material can be handled by
Congress when the national security
is at stake.” Nessen said.

The biuntest attack came from
senior Republican Robert McClory
of Illinois as the House committee
took up a proposed recommenda-
tion to create a permanent House
committee to oversee secret in-
telligence operations.

“I must confess that at this point I

am not conﬁdent a House committee .

could be trusted with this informa-
tion." McClory said.

Later Mcpoi'y was joined by
several other House members in ac-
cusing the committee of violating an
agreement with Ford by including
secret information in its ﬁnal public
report.

But Rep. Les Aspin, D-Wis.. a
committee member, told the House
the agreement giving Ford ﬁnal say
on what secrets could be released
never applied to what the committee
could say in its ﬁnal report.

“I don‘t see how one committee
can set a precedent for the entire
Congress.“ Aspin said. "that a ﬁnal
report can be consored by the ex-
ecutive. that it has to be sent to the

 

 

executive for review."

  
 
  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
     
 
    

lll

tttl {m -.«l '-

Militaries Palarized by Unions

PARIS (AP) Attempts to form
military unions has brought unrest
tothearmics of France and Italy. but
armed forces in other Western Euro-
pean nations have pttt the issue
behind them and say they now have
little dissent.

The demand for unions or other
bodies through which draftees could
voice grievances was part of the
evolving social climate in Western

Europe over the past l0 years.
Authorities surveyed by the
Associated Press said that

grievances. although similar. were
not connected and there was no in-
ternational impetus for the creation
of the unions.

The example ofthe near—anarchy
in the Portuguese army last year had
little effect on other armed forces in
Europe. except in Italy and France.

There have been-contacts between
Portuguese militants and minority
groupsinthe Italian army. officers in
Rome said. but Italian draftces were
already clamoring for their own un-
ion, more pay and better living c0n~

Television Has Anniversary

LONDON (AP) Television had its
50th birthday Monday, havingcomc
a long way from an outlandish con-
traption make of knitting needles.
tin cans and cardboard held together
by sealing wax and glue.

A half-century ago. John Logic
Baird. a shock-haired Scotsman.
astounded 40 eminent scientists on a
wintry London night with the ﬁrst
public demonstration of his
televisor.

They watched fascinated as a faint
and often blurred image of the head
of a ventriloquist's dummy called
Bill fluttered on a crude screen in
the inventor's laboratory in the
sleazy Soho district. The picture of
the dummy‘s head impaledon a stick
Was transmitted from one room to
another in Baird's second-ﬂoor

laboratory on a weird machine made
largely of ordinary household items
and a spinning disc.
At about the same time in the Un-
ited States. an Ohio-born inventor

PAGE TWO

named Charles Francis Jenkins was
also beginning the transmission of
crude black and white silhouettes.
Jenkins continued his work with a
number of broadcasting companies
until his death in I934. but history
books giVe Baird most of the credit
for the invention of the television.

British journalist Bill Fox. 86.
who was closely associated with
Baird and witnessed the ﬁrst
demonstration. recalled that the
transmission caused a vibratinghum
that “went right through my head."

The ﬁrst person to appear on
television was an iB-year-old office
boy. William Tayton. Baird per-
suaded him to sit before the crude
mechanical camera soon after the
ﬁrst public demonstration.

Fox. who witnessed that event
said. “I saw a face. but the picture
was very crude. The boy had a
cigarette in his mouth. but I could
see it on a small frame about two in-
ches by three."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ditions. Military commanders ex-
pressed concern that the dissent
could mushroom to dangcrous
proportions.

In France. too. Portuguese con-
tacts were limited to a left-wing
minority. but the government
lumped this together with a budding
movement for the creation of
military unions and claimed it had
uncovered an international plot to
demoralilc the army.

The survey showed that Britain
and Switzerland. because ofthe par-
ticular nature oftheir armed forces.
have had no uniott problems and
only minor cases of unrest. The
British armed forces of 340.000 men
and women are made up of
volunteers. and hence are free of the
pressures that conscripts introduce.

Switzerland's 650.000-man army
is made up of citizen-soldiers who
serve for “7 days and then return
every year until the age of 50 for
refresher courses. While serving.
they go home for weekends and
maintain all the rights they have as
civilians.

Greece. despite a mostly conscri pt
army of 200.000 men paid only $2.50
a month. also has no union or dissent
problems.

Obedience is hammered into the
head of every member of the armed
forces. one source in Athens said.

No military unions for draffces are
allowed in the armed forces of
Norway, Belgium. Austria. Den-
mark and West Germany. but there
are effective systems in all of them
for grievances to be aired and
demands to be made. They have
worked very well. authorities said.

      
   
    
    

South African Forooa Loavo Angola

LUSAItA, Zambia (AP) Westerners arrivingfrom Angola reported Monday
that leaders of the National Union—UNITA—told them South African
forces have completed their withdrawal from the civil war in the former
Portuguese territory and the Soviet-backed Popular Movement— Mn“ N
has uscdjet ﬁghters inthe conﬂict forth: ﬁrst time. There has been no of rich”
South African government announcement of withdrawal thus fur. and
opposition leader Sir De Villiers Graafintroduced a no—‘confidcncc motion in
the Cape Town Parliament today. attacking the government for its silt'nt‘c.
He also urged the government to set up a safe zone on the South-Wm
African side of the border to harbor ﬂeeing Angolan refugees.

Kummerfold Named City Budget Director

NEW YORK(AP) Mayor Abraham D. Beame Monday named .m
experienced government and private-sector ﬁnancial analyst. liontlltl
Kummcrfcld to be city budget director. replacing Melvin l.cc|un-r_ \\llo
resigned last Thursday. Kummcrfeld.4l. a Manhattan resident and n nutm-
of Gilroy. Calif. is vice president of the public ﬁnance department of the
First Boston Corporation. one of the nation‘s leading ﬁnancial .nimort
ﬁrms. He also is a consultant to the newly created lludgct (‘onunittct- ot tin-
U.S. House of Representatives. He servediuthc US. liurcattol tin- lindgt-ttn
1959 as a management analyst.

Levitt Warns Unemployment Fund Depletion
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The unemployment insurance fund it ltlch [iltl\lllt‘\
jobless benefits fortltousands of New Yorkers is rapidly being tlcplcictl hi the
on and could go broke in a matter of months. cotnpttullut \tllltu
Levitt reported Monday. There is not danger that bent-fits uiil by cut all n
that happens. because federal law allows for loillh to \l.llt'\ \\ll.>\t‘
unemployment funds bccomc insolvent. lint Levin‘s audit t'cpnti \.Iltl tln-
situation may require increases in the taxes on ctllpltitt'ts that no lt'l thy
beneﬁts ~ tt step it said could worsen the state's illl'ciltl) gtun undo-nu. w=
picture by driving away tttorc industry.

Quinlans Ask That Respirator Be Shut Off

 

I. ’I'RSNTON. Natl. (AP) The attorney for .ltt5£,nll.5tfl‘d .lulin ()lllllltlllrl‘lxt'll litt'

“handsets.ﬁtwt‘vstsﬁtmst. Mundiil’ihthl‘}ll9‘M“U his mum haw the”
daughter‘s lifcﬁsus-‘taining respirator shut off. The Quinluns are not asking lol
euthanasia. tin; attorney said. but seek guidance from the L'tlllll ill .I
controversial .medical situation where the natural bodily pl'tlt‘t‘\\t'\ of .t
terminally ill person arethwarted by futile medical measures. Alltilllt'f. I’uul
W. Armstrong. under close questioning by the scvcnjusticcs. said hc um tlol
seeking blanket approval for euthanasia wmcrcy killing. He said lllL' noum
should consider only the ease of Karen Anne Quinlan. iltc Qtlinlttns' 3|-\cat-
old daughter who has been in a coma since last April.

Carey Refuses to Investigate Corruption

NEW YORKMI’) Gov. Hugh Carey said today he will illlilitil'l/t‘ t'\p.ll|\l|lll
of Special State Prosecutor Maurice Nadjari's probe into tillcgctl .ortnptmn
in The Bronx if Atty. Gen. Louis .I. Lefkowitr determines tin- emit-Inc
warrants the investigation. Carey said Bronx Dist. Atty, Mario .\lt‘l|lld had
asked him to determine the merits of the investigation. but thr- gnu-HM
declined to put himself in that position.

Ford Declares Motor Tax Cut Possible
WASIIINGTOMAP) Declaring that the future should be encouraging for
all Americans. President Ford told Congress on Monday another mum in
cut will be possible by l979iffcderal spendingis held in check. 'l he lL'tlllClltlll
would be in addition to the $28 billion in permanent tux l‘t’dilclltilh lord
already has proposed for this year and next. He did not indicate no“ Inrgcn
new tax cut could be. In his annual economic report to Congress. lord and
he is very encouraged about our economy. The trends are all right :qu .uc nil
moving in the right direction.

Hugh Carey Promises No New Taxes

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) Gov. llugh Carey. beginning it CiilllPiili""“-‘l"
effort to sell his austerity budget plan to New Yorkers. reiterated Moudnl h“
promise that there will be no new taxes. The governor flew into litiL‘llU‘lL‘l
from Albany on the ﬁrst leg ofatwo-day swing his office said was tlcsti'm'd‘”
inform the public. through the local news media. of the urgent need for
reduced governmental spending The campaign Was designed to mum“
expected opposition from local ofﬁcials and others to spendint’. 0”“ ”‘ m"
$l0.76 billion budget plan Carey proposed last week.

Boygor Refuses to Delay Attica Trial

BUFFAI.0(A P) Ajudge rcjcctcda prosecution request Mondtll’lilim'” [he
trial of l0formcr Attica prison inmates accused ofscizing guardsm hostages
the day the l97l Attica revolt broke out. Justice Frank R. hart!" "1 "me
Supreme Court said he did not see the slightest justiﬁcation for an)‘ “"‘l‘c'
delay in the proceedings. He said it is the duty of the court to ("Midi
individuals and society both with speedy trials.

Nigeria Evacuatoa Harassed Laborers

LAGOS. Nigeria (AP) Nigeria is evacuating 45.000 contract laborers in)!“
E‘luutorial Guinea because of what it calls a long hilil0ry of brutal Ill
treatment of its citizens there. Since the middle of last year about 20.000
Nigerians. rtcurly all working on the island of Malabo. 60 mile soulll 0‘ "‘0
Nigerian coast. have been repatriated at government expense-

JANUARY 27. 1976

v, StudentDannVandals ~v

Pace Costly Problem

by SIIIII E. Miller

Vandalism in the dorms is a major
problem at SUNYA. Furniture
damage. exit sign removal and un-
necessary discharging of ﬁre ex-
tinguishers are a few of the types of
sabotage cited by Director of
Residences John Welty.

Most damage inthe dorms is caus-
ed by residents. Welty said. “I think
for the most part. the on-campus
students are responsible for the van-
dalism. Alumni Quad is an excep-
tion as some of the damage can be
traced to people from the local area."

Liz Zivanov. Residence Director
of Waterbury Hall on Alumni Quad.
agrees and adds. “Townies go
through the dorms and punch out
the ceiling tiles. Students don‘t let me
know who does the damage unless it
is super-extensive."

Damage Intentional

Although some of the damage
found in the dorms is accidental.
Welty feels most ofit is intentional.
The most common problem is
lounge furniture destruction and
window breakage. Wherever possi-
ble :1 repairjob order request is sub-
mitted. If a student is responsible for
the damage she or he is billed direct-
ly. A problem arises here as it is dif-
ficult to find the culprit in areas that
are frequently used. If the funds are
not readily available. repairs are
generally delayed.

Two ofthc most serious problems

in the residence halls arcthc removal
of fire exit signs and the discharging
of ﬁre extinguishers;'Welty’stti'd the
maintenance staff attempts to
replace the damaged signs but it is
\irtually impossible to keep up as
they are constantly being removed.
lhe problctn of discharged lire cx-
tiuguishcrs is obvious. Although
they are checked every two weeks.
thcrc are timcs that they are empty.
Aside from the general in-
convenience caused by these
problems. a major safety problem
arises. Welty commented. “These are
two of our most frustrating
problems. If we should have a fire in
one of the buildings. there can be a
tragic loss of property and life."

Unlike damage caused in the halls
and lounges. vandalism in individual
rooms and suites is much easier to
trace. When students arrive in the
fall. the R.A. for each section corn-
plctcs a rootn condition form. The

   
 

z

. ' ‘qu

  
  
    
 

  

JANUARY 27, 1976

 

rooms are then checked in the spr—
ing. after the students have left. The
process is thorough and three people
actually inspect the room before a
ﬁnal assessment of the damage is
made. The RA. makes the initial
check. This is followed by an ex-
atninution by the hall director and.a
ﬁnal inspection by a member of
Welty‘s staff.

Although normal wear and tear is
acceptable, students are billed for
any additional damage. lfthe bill for
damage is not paid. there is an of-
ﬁcial hold placed on transcripts and
future registration privileges.
Damage assessments can be
appealed. but according to Welty.
“There aren't too many successful
appeals as we have accurate
records."

The biggest problem with the bill-
ing arises in suites becausethe cost of
damage is divided equally amongthe
suitemates if the residence ofﬁce is
not made aware of who is responsi-
ble. Last year. students were billed
for over $l2.000 worth of damage

 

    

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

  

 

  
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

   
 

  
   
    

...‘..,’

Director of Residences John Welty pointed out that window breakage and destruction of lounge
furniture are the most common manifestations of vandalism In SUNVA dormitories.

and nearly all of it was paid.

Although there has not been a
substantial increase inthe amount of
damage over the past few years. Wel-
ty feels it is in excess of what should
normally Occur. and in the ﬁnal
analysis. the students will pay. He
said. “The general attitude is that it's
New York State and it is no big
deal. Students fail to realize that the
total damage cost does create a very
real problem."

Another popular attitude is that

the student will not be held responsi-
ble for damage done while they are
drunk. Welty explained. “This is not
the policy and the students are as
responsible. if not more so. for
damage they do after they have par-
tied a bit too much."

Welty has several ideas that may
help to alleviate the vandalism
problem. First. students must treat
the dorms as close as they can to be-
ing their own homes. Cooperation
between students is essential if the

problem is to subside at all.

Next. he said. there are tentative
plans to make information about the
costs oftypical damages available to
all residents. In the fall. if the plan
follows through. all students will
receive sample damage price lists.
Most students do not realize the high
cost of vandalism until it is too late.
It costs $l0for each wallthathastape
or chip marks. SS-SIO for each nail
hole. Sl6.07 to replace windows and
$|24 to replace damaged desks.

Carpet Case Closed; Voucher System Tighter

by Ed Moser

Last December the great carpet
case was finally settled. as Sears and
SA lawyers agreed on a $l00 Out-0f
court settlement concerning the rug
installed in the EOPSA office.

The dispute had revolved around
a Scars carpet worth $640'bought
through a voucher by Fred Stokelin.
the former president of EOI’SA.
Although not cleared by SA. Scars
accepted the apparently technically
iuvttlid purchase order. and i nstallcd
the rug. Denied payment. Scars had
threatened legal action.

According to the Sears affiliated
lawyer. Larry Justice. the store
decided not to press the issue
because it was difficult to dcterntinc
exactly who. l‘rcd Siokclin. SA or
FOPSA. was responsible for the
purchase. Scars also did not want to
tamper with “the good relations
\vc‘vculways had with SA."0r. as SA
l’rcsidcnt Andy littuman sees it. the
possibility of bad publicity helped
cause Scars to drop the affair.
Justice says taking back the rug
would have been purposclcss as it
had been cut to fit the office and had

v<~.

I m.

 

 

 

 

 

We]

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

a , ﬁrst... ‘» 

it illiill llllllliil ttttttttttttttiitt
‘ ll tll

ll

been in use for months.

Asked why the unpaid rug was
allowed to leave the store in the ﬁrst
place. Jttsticc said. "Sears has a
definite [sales] procedure in these
cases. but this time it just wasn‘t
followed. . . his [Stokclin‘s] authori-
ty wasn‘t investigated as properly as
it should have been."

Will there be any further disputes
over the rug‘.’ SA Controller Stu
Klein thinks not. At a recent
meeting. he warned that studcnt
groups intcndingto use SA funds for
a purchase who do not get their
vouchers countersigncd by SA will
be held personally responsible. But
as SA Vice-President Rick Mcckler
said. “As long as n store accepts a
vottchcr . . . and as long as someone
wants to put down his signature. it's
hard to have a fool-proof system.“

Both Klein and Mcckler feel that
the incident will not affect students'
credit rating. with Scars. When asked
if he thought credit would be
affected. Justice replied. “Absolutely
not . . . there's no judgement pen-

ding. there's no court records. there‘s
no reason to suppose that."

    
   
   
  

    
 
 

    
 

.-
t’, if 

 

 

 

 

 

iii . ‘
. kg»:

 
  

      
  

    

 
   

 

    

 

SA Vice President Rick Mcckler says that It's difficult to have a fool-
proof vouchor system, alncc aloroa sometimes acceptlnvalld orders.

Alumni House Nearly Done

by Marilyn Sussman

The Alumni Association of
SUNYA is goittglo get a roofoverits
head on Perimeter Road near Dutch
Quad.

The Alutnni House. scheduled for
cotttplctiou in March. will primarily
be a conference center. It will be
open not only to SUNYA alumni.
but also to any students and corn-
mttnity groups who ordinarily use
the university i‘ttcilitics for con-
fcrcnccs.

Pressing Need

About three years ago. the Alumni
Association felt a pressing need to
have their own building and also for
expanded conference facilities. The
Alumni Association. with assistance
from the Atmospheric Science
Research Center and the Niagara
Mohawk l’owsr Group. raised the

$275,000 necdcd to build Alumni
House.

A special feature of the Alumni
House is that it will not cost muchto
maintain. The siding of the building
will be ccdar. which is durable and
does not have to be repainted year
after year. The heating system makes
use of solar energy. The roofis made
of special panels which will absorb
tltc heat of the sun and convert it to
heat. through a special system of
pipes. in the winter. In the summer.
the building will be shaded by sur-
rounding trees. which will keep out
the heat of the sun.

The conference center will also
have a library. flexible conference
rooms for meetings of upto I25 peo—
ple. facilities to prepare food for
lunclteons and an authentic
ﬁreplace.

pass THREE

   

    
       
    

   

      

    
      
    

     

      
     
      
     

       
      
 
  

 

   

‘rr 4'.

   

     

‘ inf

   

:‘éyvdv.

       

-;r-~A:VL

         
    
      
       
        
    
     
      
        
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  

 4,Jp_4..;4..-s,d-,

 

 

