 
  
   
    
     

  
    
 
  
    
 
  
       
  
 
   

£m<4ﬂi¥adﬁﬁr< mu.

 -,

«as a m was amazing“

A.
g“: i
, an“

 is “and liking it or you'll get your money back.“

 

our team for ﬁfteen dollars". -
, m. howlong arethe lessons? How many days?“
“Days It‘s one 'day. _After four lessons we'll have you

‘lfll think about it."
!‘Think about it. Listen, honey. I‘m a_ salesman. I'm
not asking you to spends lot of money. I'm telling you

‘~ about a'good deal.’ And all I hear is, ‘l‘ll think about it.‘
. Whatare, you kids, students?” -

r “That’s right.” . ,

y' .U'Where are you from?"

“Albany. We came down on a trip sponsored by our
school.“ ' '

“Well, you know. I just can't ﬁgure you kids out.
When I sent my son to college. he knew what he wanted
and could make decisions. But when he came home, he
was as confused as all of you. Just can't make up your
minds about anything.“ '

We sat up, ready to argue, but the man had walked
away, his thongs ﬂapping sand in our faces. After a
twenty-eight hour, ﬂatten your ass, bus ride, we had
arrived in Miami in time to enjoy the afternoon sun.
Instead. we had gotten a sales pitch and analysis from a
complaining father. Things had to yt better.

They did.

Collins Avenue, Miami's strip. wasa haven for young
people during the week we spent there. Every beach,
bar. and night club was crowded with kids. And If
seemed that a natural schedule prevailed in which days
were spent beach-hopping and nights. bar-hopping.

“Both your drinks are two ﬁfty."

We gazed at the waitress. She didn‘t look like she was
joking. .

“You must have made a mistake. I ordereda beer and
my friend is drinking club soda.“

“No mistake. They‘re each two fifty."

What the hell. it‘s our vacation. We rationalized our
money away each night. But the bars were nice and the
bands played music that made us squirm in our seats.
aching to dance. Everywhere on the strip. people were
doing the Hustle and chain dances we had only seen on

|

STUDENTM

 

following categories:

SUNYA

non-credit capacity

Mon February 2.

 

 

T.V. In Albalw; we had never thought of learning the

“Tit x
WAIVERS

  

Waivers of Mandatory Student Tax
are available If you fit Into one of the

a) live more than a 30 mile radius from

b) work more than 35 hours per week in a

Documentation must be sub-
mitted as proof of employment,
or other, if applicable.

Applications can be obtained in
CC 345 or in CC 111 (old NY
telephone office) Mon-Fri 9:30
to 4:30 and must be returned by

steps but in Miami, we learned them quickly.

We all competed in an undeclared race to see howtan
we ,could get in a week. Each day. we scrutinized
ourselves to see the lines where our bathingssuitsendett
and our tans began. Whether we darkened into red or
brown was unimportant as long as soine color replaced
our winter paleness.

“Watch out. You‘re burning. You better go inside."

‘I feel all right. I‘ll stay out a while longer.“

“You'll be sorry tonight."

Many were sorry. but a sunburn didn't prevent
anyone from partying at night or soaking up more sun
the following day. In between rain. forty degree
weather, and token trips to relatives, we had to get tans
that people would notice.

Visiting relatives seemed to be a universal duty in
Miami. 0n alternate days. we were punctually picked
up by retired relations who drove us to downtown
Miami apartments or suburban condominiums for a
free dinner. Leaving the strip was a cultural shock. In
contrast to masses of youth. we saw a society of white
haired people in baggy shorts and uniform orthopedic
shoes. A city saturated with older people was a stunting,
depressing sight and we were eager to escape it.

The strip. which seemed to be taboo to people over
forty. was equally artiﬁcial. But the glamor of the
beaches and bars was enjoyable and we banned talk of
both another crippling bus ride and another semester.
Despite all our prohibitions. both the ride and school
were unavoidable and came much too quickly.

“So what did you do this vacation?“

“I went to Florida. Can't you see my tan?"

“What tan?"

What tan? Hah. At least I can see that line where my
’bathin suitended. Too, bad noone elseucan...

 

 

       
  
 

     
   

Play Jazz and Blues.

by Gloria Jean

The Freeze-Dried Coffeehouse is
still with us. though some of us may
not have sampled it's many tastes.
from original folk. country. swing
and 30‘s blues, to the corn bread and
banana bread. Tonight and
tomorrow night breaking in the new
semester is a‘New York City based

I» re L a z a
v ' .t’, ' ‘
“ war ‘.«—‘ -~
Ia? li..:a FL. Bea
blues group, Paula Lockheart &Co.
Best described as a I930'sjazzand
blues band, Lockheart sounds an-
cannin like Billie Holiday and draws
her song and style from her and
other women from that era. Peter
Ecklund, the most famous member
of the group. played horn with
David Bromberg for over two years
and toured with Greg Altman. His
album work includes hacking such
renowned artists as Bonnie ’Raitt.
Maria Muldaur. Paul Butterﬁeld
and Paul Seibcl. Others in the group

       

are Bob Montalto on piano and
back—up vocals. formerly of I’OWeII
St. Jan. Band from San Francisco;
Mimi Hact. from Ohio. on back-up
vocals and guitar; and Bill Mullins.
also from Ohio. on bass.

The group is varied and hot. and
will open the Freeze-Dried to a
rhythm & blues ﬁlled weekend.
Doors open at 8:30 in the CC.
Assembly Hall; show starts at 9:00.
Free with student tax card. 75c
without. Pick up asemcster calendar
at the door or at the CC. Informa-
tion Desk for planning ahead. The
Freeze-Dried is every Friday and
Saturday night.

 

  
 

NEED A FRIEND?
CALL MIDDLEOEARTH

457-5 0
24 HOURS A DAY!

  

 

 

 

 

 

k
PAGE 6A

 

iliThere will be'a Protect Your ,Ettyimnmem
Club meeting to...

SAVE THE

ENVIRONMENTAL
STUDIES

PROGRAM

 

Monday, Jan. 26 at 7:30 in Social Sciences 146.
Everyone is welcome!!!

I

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

funded by .t'lltf/L'Ill assm'lallmt

 

g

JANUARY 23, 1976

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. by lieftlt Graham

The Mahavishnu Orchestra has disbanded. leaving a
hole in electric jazz and possibly beginning a new music.
Their leader, John McLaughlin. who goes through
more changes than a chameleon, has decided to disband
the group and get into something new. The move may
cause some changes in the world of jazz.

The Mahavishnu Orchestra was formed in l97l by
McLaughlin, an internationally known guitarist
famous for his work with Miles Davis, among others.
The group introduced the ﬁrst fusion of jazz, rock. and
classical styles of music. Their success paved the way for
the many musicians who now are performing this type
of music. They gave performers like Billy Cobham and
Jean-Luc Ponty the notoriety and the fan support to
branch out on their own. The group's success has sagged
as of late, and that factor alone could have caused the
s lit.

PMcLaughlin himself had been under the teachings of
guru Sn“ Chinmoy. McLaughlin‘s hair was kept short,
he meditated, wore only white clothing, and abstained
from meat, cigarettes. alcohol and drug. Now.
McLaughlin has all of a sudden changed colors.

Recently, he was seen wearing modern clothing with
his hair styled. He was also seen smoking a cigarette and
drinking a beer. of his change he said his teachings were
extremely valuable, “but things change and people
change." He now wants to get into acoustics with some
Indian musicians and form a foursome. The group
would create “a real musical fusion of East and West.
His ambitions bring out questions about why the group
was disbanded.

In Rolling Stone magazine. bassist Ralphe
Armstrong of Mahavishnu was quoted as saying that
the change “was out of the clear blue sky." He said “it
kind of hurt, the group was tight. both musically and
personally, but John goes through so manychanges." In
other words. if the decision was well thought out. he
would have consulted them. McLaughlin was the
group; the others couldn‘t continue as Mahavishnu
without him. There are different ideas as to why he
would just leave his friends like that. At this point. it
appears only McLaughlin knows why he did it.

i Mikaelohnu Disband-

    

t-vv
Former Mahavishnu Loader John McLaughlin

Mc Laughlin's future is secure. with an album out this
month. two electric jazz albums in the future. and
something coming from his new group. which hasn‘t
been named yet. The album this month is entitled “inner
world“ and is Mahavishnu without its strings and
horns. We will have to wait and see if any signiﬁcant
new music is brought out from his new group. More
importantly. we must wait and see if this signals a
decline in popularity for electronic jazz artists in
general. orjust a decline in McLaughlin's popularity. It
would be ironic for the downfall of electricjauto begin
with its originator.

Vibes

Drummer Lenny White of Returnto Forever saysthe
group's members do solo albums “to keep the group
fresh." White, who released an album last month
entitled Venurian Summer. feels the group can pool
their thoughts as solo musicians and create new ideas
for the group. Hope it works. their albums need
something.

Silver Convention is now a three female vocal trio.
Seems the otltcr musicians didn‘t want to tour. so they
quit. Someone should get them to come back because
they made "Save Me." The trio may work out alright:
but they were primarily background vocalists on "Save
Me." The group was more aninstrumental group. with a
funky bass and lead strings their trademark. Now the
music will have to change for the three women. The
ques'ion is. how will everyone take tothem after having

a “Hy. Robin. Fly“ sound pounded 'ntg ouraheads'IV V

 

I HoW‘Y“ About ‘ An~
Sh ab bat worship

 

Try the new Chavurah Shabbat
worship service!!!

Services are liberal
and all are welcome!!!

A friendly, relaxed atmosphere. where you
can enjoy Shabbat With friends.

Oneg and singing after services...

TONI GHT!!!...Friday night, January 23rd
at 7:00 PM in ED 335

Alternative
experience. ..

 

 

 

 

ANCHOVIES. . . .

by Alan Friedman
Universal's tremendous
I promotional push for The "Inden-
burg during the Christmas season
netted at least one victim — me.
Interest-pricking television commer-
cials, together with an excellently
edited preview managed to
maneuver me to the doors of the
Hellman Theater. Spurred on by
promotional magic and expectations
of great acting by George C. Scott
and Anne Bancroft I arrived at the
theatre hopeful.

What I then encountered was so
thoroughly disappointing l was
dumbfounded — dumbfoundedthat
producer-director Wise could take a
story chock full of potential. the
talent of Scott and Bancroft, plus
thirteen million dollars and still
manage to come up with such a
lemon.

In retrospect. what amazed me
more was how the promoters made
the ﬁlm look so good. After con-
sidering this I realized that most of
the edited segments in the commer-
cials and preview came from the last
twenty minutes of the ﬁlm the part
which encompassed the explosion
and destruction of the airship.
Because of its realism and excite-
ment. these last twenty minutes were
the best ofthe ﬁlm. However. even
this was bad because the valuable
audience preparation which should
have proceeded it didn't.

This preparation should have
been accomplished through a plot
which involved the audience in the
fate ofthe airship and its passengers.
The Hindenburg's plot didn't and
the script deserves much of the
blame for this. The development of
the characters through dialogue and
antennas minimal: 

LARGE

Mozzaaetla Cheese on all PIZZA
Special Paices upon Request

Also: Italian Dinners
Tunnel Sandwiches
satisfaction guaranteed with our quality pizza! J

- achieved by Scott's efﬁcient narrow-

- Mama Nina’s . -
Pizzeria and Restaurant
791 Madison Ave. Albany
Open 7 days 11:00 AM to 2:00 AM
Featuring Our Quick Delivery Service
Call 462-2222

EXTRA LARGE
NOZZARELLA..... ..a.?s......3.us..........q.a5
nusnRoon..........3.as......3.as..........u.ss
PEPPER............3.as......3.as..........q.ss
..3.as......3.q5..........u.15
SAUSAGE........u..3.35......H.ﬂ5..........5.05
PEPPERONI.........3.as......3.n5.....
LARGE conao

ANY 2 ABOVE.-...3.?5......H.H5.....

ANY 3 aeovc.....q.as......u.a5.....

THE uoaKs......a.5u....:.5.as..........a.as

Concentration on such” minor
charmer: as “the smuggler” was
wasteful becausejt took'tim'eaway
from the possible pester develop-
ment of the major characters. These
characters. Scott. Bancroft, William
Atherton and Roy ﬂannel. were
given narrow, simply defined roles.
Only Anne Bancroft managed to rise
above the ttiltifying script toaeheive
any real life. ‘

For the most part. the characters
offered little the audience could sink
its teeth into. When the Hindenberg'
ﬁnally blew up I found myself not
caring who died. if everybody died.
or even if the whole state of New
Jersey went up in smoke.

The structure of the plot provided
another serious blowtothe ﬁlm. The
suspense which could have been

ing down of the number of stupect
passengers is thwarted by the early
revelation of the real'culpn't, (or
hero, depending on how you look at
it).

After all the negatives I‘ve stated
about this ﬁlm. there is one positive
comment that can be made. There
are spectacular- visual sequences of
the Hindenburg in flight. Many of
the views from the ship, ice-berg:
ﬂoating in the ocean and city
Skylines. are visually stunning.

Most spectacular is the sequence
of the crash itself. Film clips and
photographs from the actual I937
disaster are interspersed with Wise's
own, ﬁne destruction sequence.
Photographs and segments of the
ﬁlm are stopped periodically to
heighten the effect. These ﬁlm se-
quences add some enjoyment to The
Hindenhurg but they do not save it
from being ‘a_disappointment.

       

SICILIAN

....H.ﬁ5

....S.li5
....5.‘15

 

 

 

 

\____

JANUARY 23, 1976

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7A

  
  
   
   
 
    
  
    
   
  
    
    

   
 

    
         
       
       
       
       
       
      
    
   
    
   
  
     
   
     
 
   
    
  
 
  
    
  
   
 
 
    
   
 
    
   
 
   
  

‘t;-—u-t—v\...w.-...n;.:cw..p_ . _>-.

