  

ffyou. If.'ont V I

 redeem wins .

 but {momentous flint
- and lighting ,techoiqumzand the
' music ctvMozsrtgthen Thel'Magic"

ﬂute isf'vIeIl-‘worthjyour while.

’, muse 

   

 

by 1M lavln ' .

Being a sucker comes easily to me.
After all. 1 do write tltis column week
after week without pay. Every Eri-
day. without fall. I unfold my
thoughts and I have yet to receive
one letter from either of my readers.

However. the purpose of this line
of discourse is not to display
bitterness towards my journalistic
predicament but rather to illustrate
that at times. I am a chump.

last semester I payed $3.50to see
THE BEATLES: AWAY WITH
WORDS. It promised to be more
than entertainment. it was going to
be an event. With sixteen track
sound, nineteen projectors. one hun-
dred songs, four Beatles and one me.
the evening was going to be an ex-
perience for all senses concerned. I
was supposed to be so enthralled by
audiovisual psychedelic that I could
even forget that the performance was
in‘ Schenectady. What simply

BARTELL'S
KEY

LOUNGE

302 Delaware Ave.

 

Tuesday night:
Ladie’a Night.

50 cents all mixed drinks
- - -

Thursday - Sunday

‘rns sounos or suavm

«1356337...

.- There [5 a‘

? difference!!!
t
I
I

 

 

   
 

----..

MEMO! M:

IBM W 3° v'"
at espenence
“I end-success
Volumnnous home
m! study malenels

Courses tnst sie
constantly updated

“‘1 Smart classes
Center
open days.
evenings s
GMT "m"
Complete tape
llCllIllOl laI
Ievtewa of class
lessons and to! u
at supplementary
mlllfllll
MAHOMDI to:

mtssed lessons
y E at our center

. era cos i
nsttrst ass.

I LOCAIIONS IN
assume. sang. kt. nu.

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

« .. ‘ Champ“

happened was these produrs took

 

 

 

' this facinatlng scene he ties'reslity
 mar-any toaster: a a ‘
. Thecdittuningofthecharactersin »
-  t. ,ﬁlm  The, lusty
I, , ‘ Papaﬁno in‘d'Psps'g'ena‘ aredressed
Ber s heavy indulgence in the in earthy greens while the ethereal
velosegup..;;singulsrly and in unison lovers are robed in pastels which
with special lighting techniques. convey an airy transcendence. The
produces a heightened effect which costumes of Sarastro and his
does.not destroy the live feeling. brotherhood are the most in-
The story of the opera concerns teresting. Their monk~like, burnt
two lovers, Paulina and Tantino. orange suede r‘obesfillthernind with
' who must go through various trials a profusion of associations. They
in order to ﬁnd happiness together. convey religious piety. regal strength
They must deal with the deceptions and mystic mystery.
of Tthueen of the Night. Pamine‘s Each of these associations is
mother. After overcoming the capitalized on in the sets. In one
obstacles facingthem they'are united scene Sarastro sits on athrone and is
in love and truth and are given the cheered by the crowd. In another he
rule of the kingdom. sits at a table with the brotherhood

The acting and singing in the ﬁlm in Last Supper-like style. There is a
areexcellent. If Bergmangaveoniya Godly goodness about him which
Tum“ w” an "en" straight performance of the opera. Bergman intensiﬁes by his use of

4) N?" 8° to Sohene‘m‘dy '0 be the film would be satisfying. This lighting. Thisis especiallycffectivein
emmunqd' brilliant director. however. makes the close-ups.

 '3 no way to evade m” some interesting additions. Besides The Magic Flute offersa veritable
advenmi‘g' 9"" 20m Gem“? cuts to scenes of a viewing audience. gold mine for the interested viewer.
.‘."°"" "kc . fox“qu "ope'med ’ he shows the actors relaxing during The details worthy of mention are
.."°'°‘.‘Y“““.“E ‘ .cosmlc, as we“, as the intermission. (The intermission too numeroustobclisted here. What

mum-med” , w'“ comm” '0 m" is adequcnceinthelilm.) Duringthis can besaidisthatthe filmisatribute
me” u' wejmt.have 3° 10"“ Pa“ scene we see the evil Queen of the from one brilliant man to another.
the“? new wordmudse 'f we “mm Night nonchalantly pufﬁng away on Mozart would be pleased. The fan—
!" mvolved and hope we a" "m a cigarette. while the lovers play tastic story. Mozart's magniﬁcent
3 A' h. I M d . “med “ . . W chess on the other side of the room. music and the mastery of Bergman
) "y‘. "'5 a c “.88? "mm use mulu'med'a "ems 8" Herc. Bergman makes an associa- make The Magic Flute thoroughly
.pmbnbly-lusuhm' Thumbnsonhe about as dead ' ' ‘ a” Paul' tion betweenthc rolcsthe actors play enjoyable entertainment.

———Radse 1h cit——
SAVE W
$65.80 

STEREO EXCELLENCE
BY liiEALISTIC:®
FOR THE MUSIC-MINDED

COMPONENTS SOLD
SEPARATELY . . . 554.80

5,4 89 ,

SYSTEM

   

 

 Also, pcciallytowards

‘the end d the film; he cuts to scenes
 of an audience‘wa'tching the opera.
To enhance‘hve effect, Bergman
makes use of the freedom the camera
allows. Theatrical set change are, at
certain times‘done away wlth. This
facilitates the flow of the film and
mairdairu the spell of fantasy.

.tslsy. periodically reminding ti d the
film's ' basic 'unreslity. - Bergman
achieves this by a careful mixture of
stage presentation and cinematic
effects. At strategic pointsin the ﬁlm

on

  

      

 

  
     

 

the mania out of Beatlemania and
wasted my time.

I was chumped but have learned
my lesson well.

l) Be wary of anythingthat claims
to be, multi-media. It usually is a
stereophonicslide show and nothing
more.

2) ' Anyone‘s creativity can be
bogged down in hype. including the
Beatles

 
     
 

 

 

 

 

o Realistic STA-90 AM-FM Stereo
Receiver with Two Tape
Monitors

e Two Realistic Optimus-ZB Walnut
Veneer Bookshelf Speaker Systems

0 Realistic LAB-120 Automatic
Changer with Base and $12.95
Value Magnetic Stereo Cartridge

. . .illltl you cant

   

 

 

 

 

 

isndthersslltyotthsiractualllvean

 

 

 

 

mm mm It
JW At Radio sit-eh
mu," COLONIE sugar“ CENTER wssrcara SHOPPING CENTER a“;
l;..;l::v(';r;‘3';z 9 OPEN MON. -sar. mam. -9';so p.m. OPEN MON, $3,wa a... . 9 W... M
tingtngszszélsi; as - as can“ AVE mi... ‘"
wits-J; IA 1 WA,“ WV OPEN WEEKDAYS 9alm.lé3ii'¢nz SAT.9a.m.-5p.n3. Patces MM vsav AT inhuman“ smug—:Ji

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 13, 1976

       

 
     
  
   
 
 
  
 
  

        

 

Major K.I57, was perfo _y
students Debra Arons and Ruth H L
Johnson on violin.» Marjorie Kta'as ' 
on viola. and Chi-Ii isﬂchi once“ ,
The opening allegro was a strugde. . ' y , '
The musicians seemed to lose each may developintoatruiyﬂneqtiert "
other occasionally, notes strained The second work of the cycling
and broke. and the dynamics were was a musicsljokedntendedsasuch.
unbalanced. It was no doubt dueto A series of pantomimes. screeches. '
nervousness. for the second and . plucks. tings. and draughts of‘air.
third movements were much liner. were the elements that made up this
The andante was played with sen- Toshiro Mayazumim farce on
sitivity, the low voices of the viola musicianship and the modernidiom.
and cello leadingthe violinsthrough It was totally unexpected and ,
some exquisite themes. Debra refreshinglyirreverent. The actors in
Arons. whose improvement over my this chromatic comedy. were Findlay
2 years of observation has been Cockrell. Irvin Gillman. Debra
marked. played with surety and Arons. and conductor (sic), Steven
poise. as did freshman cellist Chris Osmond.

 

 Noble
Pretentious: Few

impugn Flasnmell day evening. It was an enjoyable
The" are times whenthe concert- evening in which young musicians
"- discovers a blend of and their mentors displayed their

musicianship, humor. and audience- prowess. Evident in both was a con-

Wformer rapport that makes his tagious pride that was surely felt by

pastime most rewarding. Such was the large audience.

the me with the student-Faculty The first piece in the program,

dumber Music Concert on Mon- W.A. Mozart‘s String Quartet in C

    

          

noble and its'pretsntionsr
The i'tnalgiworks d the

were 5 Renaissance pieces tramtii ' ' L‘

ed for wind quintet. by Ronald
Roseman. Arturo Gompi. Randell
Ellis. lrvin Gilman. Peter Knott and
Arthur Stidf ole made upthe quintet.
The works were delightful, while the
performers. individually fine
musicians. occasionally were lacking
in precision and balance. ' . .

 

 

the fantasy. beauty and bizarreness
of his imagination. .

The events of the play'aretold in
ﬂashback by one Henry Carr. who.
at the time of these events was the
English Consul in Switzerland. He
appears on stage, hunched over in an
ancient gray hathrobc. toothless
with a misshapen hat on his head.

mVe 31"

by cymhlg chlnll poems. word plays. allusions. il- The presence of such characters as After along digressive‘ monologue
There once was a play called lustons and all other manner of James Joyce, 'Lcnin and Tristan which is chock full of allusions to
"7)vaveslie.r" Ilterary device. The result is a play of Tutra, l oundcr of the Dadaists (all of anything and everything having to

whom were once very much alive) do with the play. the old man
adds a further dimension of interest whipped off his bathrobe and
to the plot. removed his hat to be transformed
Though Stoppard has incor- into the young.dushing Henry Carr.
portncd a great deal of biographical The year is l9l7. the place Zurich,
material in his story line, he admits Switzerland. Joyce. Lenin and Tzara
to having shifted certain dates in are all spending a great deal of time
order to ztccomodatc the premise in the public library under the .
upon which his plot is based. The watchfulcyc ofthe comelylibrarian.
rcst isn minglingoftruth and fiction. Cecily. They do not indulge in much
In csscncc he has taken askclcton of conversation beyond a stranger‘s
fact and has built upon it with all of polite. “Exousc mc“. or“thank you".

pure genius.
Like other Stoppard plays (“The
' Confused and mocked as Real Inspector Hound“. “Rosen-
Stopparrl‘s the playwrite. crantr. and Guildcnstcrn arc Dead"
It‘s sure I0 please and “Jumpcrs“) “'I‘rztvcstics" is
multi-Icvcllcd. There is it somewhat
complicated surface plot which
holds the piece together. Acom bina-
tion ofsong, duncc. Comicullwists of
fate and some very funny lines make
this surface level appealing to a mass
audience.

“A CHARMING SLAPSTIBK BOMEIIY...
A marveloust low-brow caper. Gene Wilder makes
an impressive debut as a comedy director."
Vincent Canby. New York Times

A weaving of facts and fantasies
It delighted and shocked as

Tom Stoppard‘s most recent gift
to Broadway. “Travestics” is a
brilliant package wrappcdina dazzl-
ing array of rhetoric. Stoppard
weaves an interesting plot idea
together with Iimcricks. puns,

       
   
    
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
       
      
  
       

  

        

I \

Gene Madeline Marty
Wllder Kahn Feldman

“0‘” o\‘-‘- . so“ s 4/0
3a“ “190]; not ’10 w
 6 1%“ng "‘3" MNQQ,

A RICHARD A. ROTHIJOUER PRODUCTION

McKerm...
 mas-v Illtlll' m
Ill

Co
5
Pusan-aw ntcii'iwgo A. ROTH mm moat-out uGENE WILDEB may JOHN.

mm us T0 WNE 

 
  
 

and

  
 

  

 

cull Theatre for times...

1 MILE NO. OF CIRCLE 785-1515
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

FEBRUARY 13, 1976

. Tzara and Joyce eventually do
meet formally however. in the com -
lines of Carr's drawing room, where
they exchange unpleasantriea.
Tiara is there as a friend of Carr‘s
and a suitor of Gwendolyn. Carr's
sister. Gwendolyn has “discovered”
Joyce's genius and istakingdown his
dictation of Ulysses. .ioyce is alsoin-
volved with putting together an
amateur production of Oscar
Wilde‘s. “The Importance of Being
Earnest“. Gwendolyn has
recommended to him that he enlist
her brother Carr as both benefactor
and star of the production.

Meanwhile revolution has broken
out in Russia and Lenin wishes to
return to see victory. However. he
and his wife must be smuggled back
through World War I Germany.

The British. having gotten word
that Lenin is in Switzerland. order
Carr to shadow the Russian leader‘s
movements and find out what he is
going to do next. To do this Carr
enlists the aid of Cecily (of course he
falls in low: with her) who has been
translating various documents for
Lenin. And so on . . . and so on.

Obviously. little of this is even
remotely rcllttcd lo the truth. One
fact serves as the reference point
which tics it all together.

Henry Carr did exist in real
life. He was affiliated in a minor way
withth consulate on Zurich. Alaw—
suit involving a question of money
llnd slander, which is expounded
upon extensively duringth play. did
occur between .oncc and Carr.
Churnctcristicully. Joycc got his
revenge by imntortnliving Carr in
Ulys'xav vunfuvorably.

Joyce. Lenin and Tiara wereull in
Zurich an thr- some time. However. ,
chances are that they did not meet.
Thut is not important. In
“Tritvcstics” Stoppard is saying.
“What if they did?“

Without exception the ttctors' pcr-
l'nrmunccs were all quite fine.
However. John Woods‘ portrayal of
Henry Curr towers above the rest.
His grinnlccs. contortions. affected
movements and his transformation
from oldlo young within seconds are
all itmnling to behold. No one
should be denied lllt.‘ privilege ol'scc-
ing an actor whose effect is so acute
and so gratifying.

Stoppttrd‘s genius becomes more
and more evident throughout the
play. The dialogue ripples buck and
forth. a collage of words and ideas.
Time is philosophy; the questions of
politics versus tu't. politics its lift. on
us politics. itrlst: through Stoppttrd's
contrast of World War I and the.
ll\’l|lll-gttt'tic ideas of Tznru‘s
Dudllisls.

Above ull there is the indisputable
ll'lldcmllrk of u Stoppard play.
Ilcsidcs what he portrays on the most
Iitcrttl level there ttrc numerous dubs
from the palette of his experience
and knowledge. This almost .I oyceun
passion for countless unidentified
references. is what makes a Stoppard
play more than entertainment. it isu
challenge. teasing and tantalizing.

 

always there—always more to dis-
cover.

PAGE 7A

 

BC-

.ti—
hat

tan
toll
l a

col

W0

. in
the
sat

ml.
.‘he

'v‘--~°.d.u

 

     

   

~43!

 

