 

 

 

by lunar! K.  ‘ I

Thereisabelirlabotﬂlnthéworldof
academic politic-that a professor who ‘puts
toptber a series if pompous non-sethtors in
studied iatemperatenssshal served the cause
of scholarship. in truth, such missives—of
which H. Peter Krosby'a is the most recent-,—
are little more than self-serving
rationalization. Krosby'a arguments are
typical. They are invariably sweiotl, laden
with irrelevancies, devoid of factual accuracy.
and obviously self-serving [as anyone who has
followed the vagaries of History Department
inﬁghting over the past ten years should
know].

The crux of his argument is that there is no
salvation [for SUNYA] outside the Ph.d. [in
History and English]. For. he insists. the
primary role of a SUNY university center is
graduate. doctoral-level, education. And he
infers that undergraduate teaching is only for
those who. unlike himself. are less than
nationally reputable scholars. He then
proceeds to “demolish” those twenty-one
"inferior" English Department faculty
members who oppose the methods proposed
by this university's administration to revive
the PhD. He questions their ability or
willingness to revive our fallen Holiest of
Holies—the History and English Ph.D.s. And
thén he proposes his solution. Krosby would
have us divide the faculty into two castes:
Ubermenschen, composed of eminent

“we, st...

scholars such as H. Peter Krosby and Emmet
Fields. who would devote their lives to the
direction of future Plates, Darndrn. and
Einstein. and Umermerlrchen, among whom
would he the tenured few among the twenty-
one, who would teach the lesser breed—the
undergraduates—exclusively. Moreover.
since the twenty-one and their equals are ap-
parently a majority of the faculty. and since
they fail to accept the truth as delivered by
Peter Krosby, this decision could not be reach-
ed eollegially. This decision would have to be
made and enforced by such illustrious scholars
as Fields, Sirotkin. Welch, Salkever, Kendall.
and Krosby. [I remember when this was
labeledthe Fuhrer Prinzip. . . but that was so
long ago. how was an historianto remember.]

There is a second part implied in Krosby‘s
proposal. He would have us go out into the
academic hustings and bring in some “stars ”
This Would be accomplished by replacing non-
stellar faculty [three for each new member of
our constellation]. who would be ﬁred from
their jobs. ignoring the heartlessness of this
proposal. the question arises: Why should a
star come here? The outstanding library? The
outstanding graduate students? The erudite
and humane administration? The intellectual
and committed collegiality which pervades
SUNYA? None of the above; All that would
attract these 'stars would be money. Any
scholar who would come here—overthe fallen
bodies of the victims of this ﬁnal solution—

The Not-Work Ethic

 

 

by William Heller

Most of you have probably heard of the term Protestant work ethic—that iii-the inherent

goodness of doing work. Our country was built 0
lot of dead lndians), but inthis bicentennial year,

n the philosophy of the work ethic (along with a

belief in the work ethic seems to be declining. It

is being replaced by what i call “the nor-work ethic.”

The not-work ethic follows the philosophy that not doingsomething irdoingsomething. This
apparent paradox is not as simple as it seems. One cannot merely be not doing anything and
really,be doing something. A person must conscious! y be not doing something. For example,
most students constantly complain that they have so much work to do. These people are just

fooling themselves.

Being an honest man. i realize that most of my schoolwork will remain undone. However. i
still have as much to do as the next student. As a ﬁrm believer inthe philosophy ofthe not-work
ethic I will complain, “l have so much work to not do.” In this way i am making a conscious
effort to not do my work, so in reality 1 am doingsomething Although the unknowingobserver
will think that i am doing nothing, those familiar with the not-work ethic will know that lam

very busy not doing my schoolwork.

A classic example of the not-work ethicin action is the case of a mancalled Scoocherini. He‘s a
tough guy (he lives in Rosedale) who wouldn't hesitate to beat you up if you were tolook at him
the wrong way. He‘s so tough. in fact, that he makes people pay him so he won’t beat them up.
Some people give him ﬁve dollars a week; anyway. it seems like a good way to earn a living.
When Scoocherini is asked what he does for a living he can reply, “i don’t beat people up."
Again, the unknowing observer who sees Scoocherini standing around on a street corner will
think that he's doing nothing. but we know that he's doing something He‘s not beating people

up

A currently popular political ideal that stems from the not-work ethic philosophy is that

government is too big Many people seem to feel that the government should not do so many
things; that it is too bothersome. This is not to say that the government should merely not do
anything for this would not be following the not-work ethic philosophy. Paradoxically. by not
following the philosophy. it is consciously not doing something; therefore it is following the
philosophy. Politicians who profess the not-work ethic. such as Ronald Reagan. George
Wallace. California Governor Jerry Brown. and New York‘s Hugh Carey. all contendthat the
government should not do as much as it has been doing in the past.

Now that you're somewhat familiar with the not-work ethic you might ask. "What good is it'."
hing withit. but you can certainly notdo alot with

What can i do with it?“ Well. you can‘t do anyt
it.

Let me suggest afewthings you can not do. When it comes time to register for classes sign up
for as many as possible. Usingthe not work ethic philosophy we canjustify this in the following
manner: If you sign up for lots of classes then you have more classes to not go to. With more
classes to not go to you’ll have more free time. in addition, you'll have more work not to do.

- 4

adding to your free time. We can alsolook at t“.

‘ , Withani ‘course

load you'll have more books to not buy. so you'll save money.

in America today. practice of the not war
instances of people who essentially are employe

k ethic is on the increase. There are countless
d at not working—Government ofﬁcials. upper.

middle and lower level bureaucrats, college administrators. and professional students. After all.
what is the object ofanyjob but to accumulate vacation time in order to get some time to not
work while getting paid for it. Whoever invented the vacation with pay certainly is a great person
in the eyes of all who tend toward the not work ethic.

What is considered a great good of our society? Social Security is a godsend lothose favoring
the not work ethic philosophy. After so many years it is only fair that persons get paid for not
working. In factftllis seems to be the goal of our society.

pads FOURTEEN

pm:ko in _ m 
Perhapsitisaecmsarytorecailtllfaasas

~ they ocesured some few years ‘ltali
L Willi ludﬂhfof‘ﬂﬂﬂ“ Gilt“.

chairman. The then dean—since departede
named a committee to search and ﬁnd such a
chairman. And the comnlittec labored long

‘ and hard. from anber until April. And it

failedto ﬁnd an acceptablechairman. One was
too old [50]. another took a drink now and
again. a third taught an esoteric ﬁeld.
American history. Finally a self-proclaimed
second rater came—like Lochinvar—out of
the West and he was hired. Eventhe dean. who
wanted someone no better than himself.
accepted the appointment. And the new chair-
man set to work immediately. He searched far
and wide for stars to brightenthe History con-
stellation. And he offered money—buckets
and buckets of money. And he ﬁnally found
two “stellar performers”—-with records that
impressed him and the dean—and a majority
of the depart ment—beyond words. One of the
desired professors had written two books.
Neither of them had won any acclaim.’ But that
was irrelevant. He had also been a chairman in
another university [who was given atravelling
bag on his leaving the chairmanship with the
hope that he would go far away]. The second,
an expert in a segment of European history.
was widely known for his eccentric egocen-
tricity. There were warnings against the pair—
their research was less than world-shaking.
they had done little for several years. they had
created serious problems among other faculty
and students. But the chairman persisted. And
they were appointed at exceedingly high
salaries.

Their stay at SUNYA was short. eventful.
and expensive to the taxpayers. Besides their
salaries. they spent thousands of dollars of
SUNYA funds shipping books to and from
Europe, they ran up astronomical overseas
phone bills [on University phones]. and they
took sabbatical leaves within a year of coming
here. Moreover. they polarized and paralyzed
the department by political shenanigans. And
then. within three years. they left. The first to
the greener [$353] pastures of administration.
The second to another university for a short
stay before voluntarily shuffling off this mor-
tal coil.

There were other cases of “stars” coming
here. Few of themshined verylong—if at all—
at SUNYA. There is enough empirical
evidence—right here—to prove that the star
system is less than efﬁcacious. I could cite ex-
amples from other universities as well. The
idea of instant university is, to put it mildly,
non-viable. You can't turn a mediocre school
into a Berkley on the Hudson overnight. Nor
can you do it by buyingtalent. Good academic
talent'is no! for sale. All you can buy is a
collection of academic con artists. That is all
we have bought in our star trek thus far—and
that is all we will get in the future, unless we re-
direct our attack.

Let me clear up one further matter, before

ALBANY STUDENT paass’

 

 

_ mean-«Ian lit-possible

' [schotan require iaduste

st mstoinapire their work-althoughsuch
schools'as Amherst anerilllantrhave at-

tracted reasonably good _ scholars—
Commoner

, and Burns, for exanlple—without
any PhD. program. butlsuggsst that this is
not what is back of the current hysteria about
the impelled Ph.D. programs. The truth is
that the commitment to the PhD. among the
faculty is—with few exceptions—inversely
proportionate to the scholarly commitment
and production of those involved.

In fact. th‘ereare three bases for the current
hysteria. First. isthe political struggle between
SUNY and the State Department of Educa-
tion. My natural inclination would beto sup-
port SUNY against the overblown
bureaucracy at State Ed. But i should hardly
be prepared to run roughshod over junior
faculty in the effort to over-ride Nyquist and
Company. , Nor am I convinced that the
bureaucracy at SUNY Central is that much
less oppressive than the State Ed pencil
pushing brigade.

Secondly. there is the problem of ego. Many
an academic mediocrity needs the bolstering
which a Ph.D. affords. And faculties attract
innumerable minuscule intellects with well-
deserved inferiority complexes.

Finally, there is the question of graduate
assistants. These 'graduate students come
cheap and do the work of lazy “scholars.”
With assistants. professors needn't worry
about grading papers, or doingthe nitty-gritty
research. They turn it over to graduate
assistants [1 plead guilty, 0 mighty one]. The
assistants teach the sections which make a
professor’s FTE's look good. And they do it
cheap. Years ago we called this chattel slavery.
But since l865 Massa's been in the cold. cold
ground (we supposed).

Yes. there is a way to win back the Ph.D.s
and save the fair name of SUNYA. We can
give ourselves time. We can hire some good.
young people with reasonable records. We can
make their work here pleasant and rewarding.
We can encourage them to be good scholars.
Some—possibly most—will become scholars.
And they won‘t be money grubbers from the
constellation Gone]: We‘ve had too much of
that already.

I hear it now. The cry of outrage against this
diatribe. [Pucker up your lips boys, the great
one is bowing toward the Mecca spelled
Ph.D.] But this will be more sycophancy. of
which we've had enough.

Turn off the gas in the ovens. Junior
professors are human, and they can be an asset
to this university. They ought not to be rungs
on the ladder to a bureaucrat's greater per-
sonal glory. It was the bureaucrat in Germany
who "did hisjob“ and won his promotion who
was responsible for 20 million deaths.

A “star” does not a scholar make; nor a
Ph. D. program a university.

Turn over Sadie—enough is enough.

 

Bernard K. Johnpollls a Professor of Political
Science here a! SUN YA.

MARCH 12, 1976

 

by liarl Hheuslng

Once upon a time. in a period accurately
labeled the “Dark Ages”. there existed a
monasterynear the old ltalian city of Albany.
The monastery of Albany or St. Albany, as it
was (affectionately named by its pious
brotherhood. was the center of a monastic
system. and although I will deal speciﬁcally
with her story. the ordeal through which she
passed was generally representative of what
occurred to all monasteries during these dark
days and a matter of historical fact.

During this time a severe famine.
documented as being caused by the “Great
Drought" swept the lands. All culture died at
the hands of economic necessity except for
these few islands of intellectualism. But even
these staunch pillars of the intellect were
beginningtoshow signs of weakening. signs of
moral decay. as severe rationing was forced
upon them by the worried local government.
History and literature were studied as purely
intellectual categories. intellectual growth had
far outstripped emotional growth. and both
had become almost totally dissociated from
behavior. Schizophrenia and paranoia.
repressed by a translucent veneer of courtesy.
were the order of the day. Even monks of the
higher ecclesiastical rank began to worry more
about their own economic well-being than
“spreadingthe faith“. Some were down-right
hypocrites, using learning merely as a hobby
fo relief of boredom or as a cosmetic in social
gatherings . . . apropos smidgens and
sprinklings of witty words to be pettcred into
an otherwise bland bowl of alphabet soup.
Yet. with all its imperfections, the monastery
was stillthc symbol ofthe best this country of
barbarians had to offer.

As the famine situation came to a head. the
local government began questioning the
necessity of feeding these intellectual
"parasites". it was likewise felt by the hungry

populace that education was a luxury  V i

could inoi't deﬁnitely do without. Not totally“

Iunaware of the climate outsidethe mohhttel'y.
the monks worried and prayed with a fervor
they believed God just couldn't help but
notice. 0n the following day a governmental
decree was issued that food allotment for the
monastery was to be cut in half. The monks
wanted and protested, citing that they were
already on barely a subsistence level. The of-
ﬁcials smiled. however, for they had seen that
the monks were prepared to yield yet
further . . . not that it really mattered tothe
ofﬁcials, for short of violence nothing could
have changed their minds. and monks were
noted for their piety and uninvolvement in
worldly affairs. .

To be sure, a printed ecclesiastical decree of
the previous day showed that a ritual of
sacriﬁce had been approved. whereby the
weaker members of the order were to be
systematically eliminated so that the institu-
tion as a whole (i.c. the stronger monks) could
survive. But before consumulingthe sacriﬁce,
so as not to appear totally heartless. the con-
victed monk was given a bull-horn. whereby. if
he yelled loud enough to convince his fellow
monks he had as yet some good years left, he
could be granted it stay of execution. Unfor-
tunately for the convicted. however. the bull-
horn was extremely small. limited in range
and totally ineffectual. The sight of one of
these capcd monks yelling furiously into a
miniature bull-horn. squealing for his life,
would have been ridiculous had it not been so
tragic. It would have made the devil laugh.
Thus. with sadness in their hearts and eyes
turned toward God in heaven. the
“brotherhood” left their brother at the altar~
their thumbs pointing down.

It was a sad thing to see these monks, these
men of noble ideals lose faith. refuse to stick
by each other against the common enemy and
turn against themscllvcs and lhcirown kind.
Perhaps it was all for the best ifrlnything at all
was learned from this. if not . . . it shall re-
main as an irrelevant fact offered in a history
book which some poor strident must.
memorize from some decadent monk who
loves it for its own sake.

Just what the Cllinese ho'peto gain .' . . by honoring a discredited ex-Plesidenl is mysterious

. . . plainly they care nothing for the confusion they have brought to the “progressive”
consensus which long ago decreed that Richard Nixon was beyond the pale.

-—The Sunday Telegraph London, England (conservative).

The Chinese just love a loser, particularly a bad loser. if you lose facein the West you can
apparently still hang on to it in the East. . . . It makes such a pleasant chanp from the grim

worship of success which prevails everywhere else. A .
—The Daily Mall. London. England (conservative).

The Chinese rehabilitation of Nixon may be the precursor of an American rehabilitation.
After all, Ford pardoned him. . . The Americans are engaged inacultural revolutiontllcir
own with a relentlessness which other Westerners . . . ﬁnd it hard to comprehend . . . In
Washington. instead of wall posters there are Congressional reports, leaks. and newspaper
exposes. it is this America that Mao should bow to rather thalrthe oneepitomized by Nixon.

—-Ricl1ard Liscia, l2 Quorfdlen de Paris. France (liberal).

Undoubtedlythe Chinese. . .wanted tosuggestthat Mr. Nixonwouldnot havetoleratedthe
spectacular gains which the Soviet Union hasmade, expecially in Africa. . . and to emphasize-
the ingratitude of the Americans toward him . . . This is full of dangerous implications.

—Roiand Faure. L’Aurore, Paris, France (conservative).

Why has Nixon been accorded the honors of a head of state though he is only a private citizen
discredited by scandals? Was the idea to divert attention from the serious crisrs under wayan
China . . . To welcome as a hero a man whomeven Americanimperlalism was forced to dlsrruss

is an insane and dangerous policy. .
—-Yves Moreau.L'Humam‘le. Paris. France (Commumst).

Putting dialectic at the service of their meandering diplomacy, the Chinese pretend to forget
that their guest was the man behind the bloodiest chapters of the lndochina war. They are
prepared to use any means to hit at the U.S.S.R.. . . without beingintheleast particular about
the choice of guests.

—le Mamie, Paris. France (liberal).

Time appears to have stood still in Peking. it is as if there had been no Watergatefollowed by
the greatest political scandal in American history . . . Nixon is being used to demonstratetothe
US. that Peking is dissatisﬁed with the course Gerald Ford is following.

—Der Abend, West Berlin. Germany (independent).

® 1976 Atlas World Press Review

 

 

“FIGHT THE BUDGET CUT ”

ﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

 

¥

I MARCH 12, 1976

\

MONDAY
March 15-10 A.M., LC 23

TEACH—IN

Faculty, Support Staff, and Students
getting together to discuss the
cutbacks , their effects, and

What can be done about preventing them.

 

TUESDAY
March 16, 11 AM. Campus Center

 

MASS MARCH
'"a RALLY

Everyone will meet in front of the

 

 

Campus Center or ii A.M., and then march
down to the Capitol. Joining SUNYA
students will be students from all other

SUNY schools as well as thousands

of students from CUNY.

lmnlrrl by Hill!!!" auurlunml

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

