  
 

   

 

 

Every student is affected byhdeclsions made in offlem  as those‘on Mil  ,

, h h " ’ r favorite professor get tenure? Will you have a dorth room or be forced tosec’ch _ l  : V
‘ there be condom vending machines on’campta.’ Willyou have to take regidred‘cota'seso _ ‘ V ~ '
, 3 your major? Will there bemoney/orlntercolleglatepinball? Will the ASPprint obsceneparso

The people who make decisions like these have ofﬁces larger than your RA's ‘ a 1  '
space than most professors. Few people ever see these offices. andso the ASP has brought afewof

them onto these pages for your viewing. ”
n P 0 Note that the photos are taken with a twenty t'nillimeter super wide-angle lens. This makes them

appear somewhat larger than they really are. though objects in the offices will clue you in to the
correct size. The lens was necessary in order to include as much of the office in the shot as possible.

V .  r . Until I970 SUN Y Central had a set formula on the amount of square feet that could be
1 1 V allloted to a specific tnetnber of the university. Faculty could have up to [20 square feet,

department cltairnten [80, deans [80-240, vice presidents 240-300. and 480 square feet for the

     
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
  

 

   
   

 
 
 
  
 
  

A r ng gas-anus sesaons. hem

 stthesmll
tabletntheterey‘ound. lormaatotllcletmeattngs,
ﬁelds and his vldtors redretothereu hdtoltha
ethos; Mich conth a group oi corniorlable
Iounge chute. .
Fields' is the oily olllce shown possessing three
 One leadsto hlspersonat secretary, anato-
.a‘ enmity-receptionist and one leads through a
. smdl room (with a semi-ando bathroom oil It) to
the other lobby. - .

Hotlce the chandelier In the center. a dulng
move artsy irom SUNVA's architecture.

 
 
  
 
     
 
   
   
 

 
 

scltool president.

. No w. the only guideline is a rule that determines allottedspace by multiplying the number of full
a.  e   e titne professors itt a departntettt by I60. The result is the total square footage to be occupied b y that

department.

  
 

 

 

 

 
 
   
 

Phillip Sirotkin. Vice President tor Academic
Alisirs, Isthe only one oi those shown with his desk
in a poweriui position In the room. Though he
olten meets with people In the lounge area in the
ioreground, it he chooses to remain In his seat
visitors are iorced to talk over his desk. Thls
control at the room is increased by the angle at
which Sirotkln's desk sits, making the room appear
to be diamond-shaped rather than square.

His oiilce Is at the outside corner oi lhe‘
Administration building near Fine Arts, twenty ieel 3
away Irom President Fields' olllce. The plant at left ‘
was originally only Inches tail, a going-away
present tram his old school receivedilve years ago.

An example oi Sirotkin's Interest in antiques Is "
the clock at right. Outside his olllce is a beautllul h
old granolalher's clock keeping periect time.
rescued item the basement ol Brubacher Hall.

 
   
   
   
   
   
 

    
   
   
   
   
   
  

 

 

 

   

 

Division Dean Richard Kendall (leit) oi Social and Behavioral Science and Ruth
Schmidt oi the Humanities hold similar positions, though Schmidt has more protessors
In her division. The squaraiootegas are close. but Kendall's Is oi a more practical shape.

Schmidt meets visitors In the ioreground ol the photo. usually sitting In a chair
opposite the couch. The art and decor at her olllce Is a bit more reilned (notice the
artwork)thsn the others here, possibly a result ol the kinds oi departments reporting to
her. Similarly, Kendall hasa picture at John Kannady(seen) and Martin Luther King, Jr.
(not seen), reilectlng the kinds oi departments that report to him.

While Schmidt's olllce appears neat and well-organized, Kendall's Is a bit homier.
with his Jacket over a chair and with magazines and boxes scattered about.

 
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
    
 
    
    
  
   
   
   
  

Students don’t generally have oiilcas, but both Student Association President Andy
Bsuman (tell) and Albany Student Press Editor Daniel Gaines have oilicss In the
Campus Center.

Bauman‘s Is In a suite that Includes rooms ior other SA oliicials, and is located In the
mldde oi the third lloor. Gaines is at the corner near Education. Unlike the others
shown here, neither have carpeting, and their desks are simple olllce iurniture. rather
than high quality wood. _

In the torsground oi the Bauman photo is a piece oi a lounge chair. Two oi these are
In the photographer’s corner, and are the most popular seats Ior visitors.

Gaines has the smallest—and coldest—olllce at those shown. although a panoramic
view at the Iountaln helps compensate lot this. Bauman, due to his location In the
center oi the co, has no windows. A photo oi SUNVA tloetlng in space adornstha ASP
editors wait, while the SA president sports a Picasso.

 

 

 

 

 

 

For those not familiar with university bureaucracy. note that President Fields has four Vice-
” ‘ Presidents. each in charge of a particular part of the the school: Academic Affairs, Management
and Planning, University Affairs, and Research.

The Executive Vice President is Vice President for Academic Affairs Phillip Sirotkin.
Reporting to Sirotkin are the deans of the various schools and the three division deans. two of

DJ.” o'a???”“:3”3:3lﬁi33rzrbmgxu whom are here: Ruth Schmidt of Humanities (English. Philosophy. Rhetoric and
on agroun ooro o .

 

near the Business building. The side oi the library Communication, Languages, etc.) and Richard Kendall of Social and Behavioral Sciences
can be eeonlhroughlhe VilndOWI- In ""9 Po'm‘m- (Psychology, Economics, Sociology, History, etc).

h“ "ﬂ "“d’m' 9'” and “"9' 0' °°""°"h°y do Student Affairs Dean Neil Brown reports to the Vice President for University Affairs. He has
no. know Who he I" Bmwn was comemng wnh D" more responsibility titan anyone except the Vice Presidents and Fields. lie is itt charge of housing,

Janet Hood . the Director oi the Student Health

Service when this photo was taken. financial aid, the campus center. health service, etc.
0

Blown "new “HMO P°°Pl° WNW" "" ‘93.“ “5 Ant/y [tau/nan is President of Student Association, which derives its power indirectly through
“ Ima'lab'y' "com mm a large an)“: Brown but alsofrom the Board of Trustees of SUN Y. Student Association does not "report" to ;‘
lamewmw "0""th “we camels". The couc any office in the usual sense. Student Association is the mother organization for SA groups. ‘

on the right Is only used In large group meetings,
and then In brought closer to the others.

The tape recorder In the ioreground is not used
to record conversations.

The Albany Student Press reports to no one in tiny sense.

 

 

 

photos by ken amt-on

 

 

4‘  A

1

JANUARY 30, 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE SA

