   
   
 
 

.m- —~ «..~_.A,...,._~,. ._ ...d “d .. ‘-

 

.._._‘.~. ...m ._..,..._.‘..\V ,. -—A‘ \VW

Whm»..ﬁ‘w_.» ,

 

. A-..”

MMSM _. ,_\ ,cg

 

.ﬂ- ._ ._._, ,.

, ., _ ﬂ . _, 0,“ 9
_ .‘Kaufr‘nan took-a stand on an issue. lea

” with one halfYof his platform’bn  .,
Inﬁll!» bl“ "Wald" ’ He has entered ‘

'll‘o‘tle  ‘ I, t .
git has come to my attention that many -

sports fans are upset with my priorities regar-
ding tomorrow. night's scheduling of broad-
casts involvingthe New York‘lslander hockey
game and the Albany Great Dane basketball
game. I have decided to air the hockey game
live. starting at 7:55 pm. and thenfollowwith
the Albany \State—Brockport basketball
game on a tape delayed basis. of course to be
played in its entirety.

My reasoning is rather simple and straight
foward. The chances of having the ﬁnal score
of the Islander—Bruin game reported on TV
tomorrow night on the eleven o‘clock news is
far greater than the chances of the program
having the score of the basketball game. es-
pecially knowing how great an emphasis this
area's media places on Albany State sports. So
why spoil things and broadcast the Great
Dane game live. then air the Hockey game.
only to have the lslander‘s ﬁnal score an-
nounced on TV before our broadcast was
completed?

Having the chance to do Islander hockey is
an enormous opportunity for WSUA. along
with this university. to increase its own
credibility. especially with all the furor that
has been going on regarding the crowd at the
Siena basketball game. Tomorrow night‘s
broadcast is the only conflict on the entire
schedules of both teams (ie.. where they play
on the same day at the same time). Neither of
the broadcasts arc bcingcut in any way. In fact
I believe that the Great Dane game will attract
an even larger listening audience because of
the lateness of its starting time (approx.
l0230).

,So give us a listen tomorrow. It should
prove to be one of the most exciting sports
doubleheadcrs that WSUA will even air:
islanders vs. Bruins
Great Danes vs. Golden Eagles
Only on the sporty 640—-WSUA!!

Doug Lewanda
Sports Director. WSUA

voting for names

To the Editor:

This is a semi-annual gripe that always
appears a day or two afterthc event that needs
the modiﬁcation.

Self-nominated candidates for Central
Council. University Senate and other student
elected postitions typically slap a few puerilc
posters on oillars proclaiming “I‘m the
one! Vrltefor Mel” Being a commuter
student. l'm on the lookout for candidates vy-
ing for my vote through posters. I am im-
pressedto no end by students who put forth a
platform —v any coherent platform. The
feminists who wan in last fall‘s election got my
vote precisely because I had someinklingas to
‘where their heads were at‘ — they were
feminists.

However. surveying this crop of potential
representatives of my interests has been par-
ticularly depressing. Kevin Tumey's slogan
“Vote for Change” takes a deﬁnitive position.
since none of the incumbents (if any exist this
time) have requested their re-elcction. Using a
professional campaigners tactic. Bart
Minsky and a Mr. Siegel have teamed up. op<
ting for maximum name recognition. The
theory posits that if one name can be recogniz-
ed by an electorate familiar with the one. the
other takes benign advantage of the ﬁrst. The
ploy is to no avail. as i would guess that I
speak for 75% ofthe student body who know
neither. Without an indication ofthcir beliefs
or ideas. i can deduce only that they practice
the methods of professional politicians.

Onthc upbcalside. BobO‘Brienis publiciz-
ing his past record of service tothe university
community. which is laudable. but that just
demonstrates his commitment to this school.

PAGE EIGHT

 

at, least one of his views into the marketplace
‘of ideas. ’
And speaking of communicating ideas. the
ASP. has the main markaplacehere. has a
serious defieiency.- Despite many excellent
journalistic services. the only service the ASP .
provides its voting readers is an annual synop-

v sis of the SA presidential candidates' plat-

forms. Nothing more than that. as far as com-
municating ideas goes. Even a ‘25-words-or—
less' statement by legislative candidates. con.
gealed into a single article in the ASP would
provide some criterion f orthe casting of votes.

Perhaps the most surprising part is that so
many candidates are running on nothing more
than their annonymous name. The least one
could do is to list his/ her phone number to
demonstrate that they would be open to some
questioning. This one gesture of candidness.
of trying to be in touch with those who are to
be represented would be a coup! What is im-
plied by merely listing one‘s namein a roster of
potential representatives and not even ex-
plaining one‘s reasons for declaringa can-
didacy? i get the impression that the non-
running students are considered merely the
means for an ego-tripper to get on his soap
box and round out a future resume. That's a
cold. cruel view. but the lack of any sort of
position —— coherent. naive. intelligent or
neutral — is an insult to the students.

In a situation like this. withholding one‘s
vote shouldn't be condemned as the status quo
ofan apathetic campus. Leaders set thetone of
their tenure and for their electorate. if the
gross majority of candidates can say only
‘Votc for Me' and cannot make any comment
about their concrete campus to a college
educated community. mediocrity will be
guaranteed in the future society we are to in-
hcrit.

Thomas Lahut

attacks wax

To the Editor:

Printed in the letters page ofthe ASParethe
words'Brevityisthe soul of wit.‘ Mr. Ken Wax
should have taken these words to heart before
he wrote “A Chat with God" in his Castles
Burning column. Hcshould have made them-
ticle more brief-about twelve-hundred words
more brief. The article was ofthe same cntcr-
tuining quality as the graffiti on thetoilctstalls
in the campus center bathrooms and about as
imaginative as the lunch menus in the quad
cafeterias. Mr. Wax‘s article probably did not
seem funny to a large number ofpcoplc onthis
campus. l certainly found it quite tasteless.
The ASP has both ﬁne writers and good ar-
ticles such as last Friday‘s expose on Andy
Bauman‘s tape burning. However. an article
like Mr. Wax's only detracts from those of
high quality and. thereby. lowers the general
journalistic level of the entire paper. If Mr.
Wax feels that ridiculing religious beliefs is a
humorous topic for an article in a good
newspaper he should seek help from others in
formulating different topics for future articles.
I am sure the people at Middle Earth could
help.

Robert Posey

leadership lacking

To the Editor:

it's been four years since lﬁrst came here.
and l have seen this University slowly
dctcroriatc to the point where lfcel l'mlucky
to be getting out. SUNYA is falling apart.

Our budget has been slashed. our doctoral
programs are on the way out. our best teachers
are beinglct go. the nursingschoolis injeapar-
dy. and who knows what else. and SA Presi-
dent Andy llauman is running around com-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

'1 . . .
P.we'h w ' ‘o  ,r-ltlcan. I," .

o we would ,endorset'for President. » team sport. I'm sure a considerable number of

'  White guys who went out for basketball didn't

w'ethought he could make a better leader. The make‘thc team as wells '
ASP got lot of llak' over‘tha't decision If there were ten Blacks andtwo Whites on
because of Wash lack of dedication. .Those the team would you cry racial discrimination?
who argued that hadavalid point. Baumanis So before anyone. makes any racial ac-
dedicated. but his not a leader—he's incffec- cusations. please consider what the underlying
tive. ' : . ‘ ' ’ ' circumstancesvare. There is enough frictionin
in the four years We been here We grown existence today without making room for
sort of attached to the place and I hope it some more.
doesn‘t crumble. Maybe nothing can be done
to save the school, but we need astrong leader
to try. It's too bad.

 

  

,lo Segall

paging off-campus
students

To the Editor:

Last night I had the privilege of watching
the ﬁlm “Butch Cassidy &the Sundance Kid“
at Page Hall. Althoughthe ﬁlm was marred by
some technical difficulties. I would like to
commend Page Hall Revival Cinema for
offering this service. The technical difﬁculties
I am quite sure will be ironed out before the
next Page Hall ﬁlm. i am glad to see that in
funding Page Hall Revival Cinema Student
Association is coming to recognize the needs
ofthe off—campus population.

Edward Bronotc

Michael Sena
discrimination
disclaimer

To the Editor:

Many Blacks and Puerto Ricans may play a
great pick-up game. may kick ass on the
court; but if they are not willing or able to
devote their time and energy to play school
ball. then that places the decision of whether
or not to play on the individual. and not on
the entire racial or ethnic group.

When one decides to go out for a school
sport such as basketball. he/she must be will-
ing to work for their goal of makingthc team.
There is a lot more than physical ability or
"talent" that is involved—one must also
possesstheright mental attitude and discipline
in order to participate in an organizedsport.

All of the players onthe basketball team ar
not equal in talent. It is a fact ofnaturethat no
two people hold cqual capabilities. However.
every single one of them have worked hard
and willingly. and have demonstrated that
they are able to go through the disciplinary 'B’el’i’l' is "’9 “W’Uf “"73
measures that it takcsto makethetcam. Thcre

You have to be sick
to go to the Infirmary

 
   
 
  
   
 
    
 

The Albany Student Press reserves the
J‘Olt' right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters, TYPE WRI TTEN,
to: Editorial Pager Editor. Albany Stu-
dent Press. CC 329. I400 Washington
Avenue. Albany, NY [2222. The ASP
will trot publish intrigued letters: names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:

 
 

 

 

 

by Cary Scott Goldinger

When i woke up Tuesday morning. l was aching all ever. My head was throbbing and my
throat was as dry as the desert. sure signs thatacold was onthe way. lrushed overto Shop Ritc‘s
hopingto get rid of it before it got any worse. and boughta bottle ofaspirins and three gallons of
orangejuicc. butit was afutile attempt. By Wednesday I felt lOOtimcs worse than the day hcforc.
and looked as bad as i felt. Assuring my friends I felt ﬁne didn‘t do any good. and Wednesday
evening, despite all my protests. they brought me to...thc lnfirmtiry.

l insisted that l was perfectly capable of walking. but the admitting nurse nevertheless pushcd
me into a wheelchair and stuck a thermometer into my mouth. effectively preventing me front
objecting to the shabby treatment l was rccciving. Zooming the down the ball. into unclcvator
and into a room on the second floor. she looked me over. decided I was of medium build. and
promptly gave me a pair of extra-large pajamas. To help the doctors tell the difference between
the sexes. the boys gct blue uniforms and the girls get yellow ones. Both sexes gct plastic foam
slippersthai squeak every time you move your feet. Another nurse walkcd into my room carrying
an armful of papers for me to ﬁllout..tndl was forced to put my signature oncverythingin sight.
ﬁnally stopping after rcalizingl was signing my pillowcasc for the second time.

It seemed like I had just fallen asleep when i found myself being awakened by the morning
nurse sticking ti thermometer in my mouth and scratching my wrist as she attempted to take my
pulse. As soon as she was through I laid down to try and get some rest. but another nurse soon
appearcd with breakfast tray. The food would‘ve becncnoughto make me sick. cxccpt lalrcady
was sick to begin with. Again attemptingto fall asleep. I was awakened by yet another nurse. this
one announcing the doctor‘s rounds. This was by far the best part. consisting of three little men
wrth heavy accents who circled my bed. poking me here and thcrc and asking me how i was
feeling. i will spare you most of the details. but they ditwnosed me as being sick. Technically
speaking. I had the ﬂu. Evenlcould have toldthemthat.. .tcasttheydidn't mistakenlytcllmel
had mono or V.D.. which they've been known to do on several occasions.

In thc afternoon. you're allowed to sit in the T.V. room with all the other inmates and
everybody gets to cough on each other while watchingthc soap operas. Other than coughing and
staring at the television. you spend most ofthe time waiting for the phone to ringandsomcbody
to call. They have two phones for patients in thc Infirmary. one for in-coming calls and one for
out-goingcalls. And remember. you mustn't forget to wipe offthe mouthpiece withalcobol when
you're ﬁnished speaking.

By the time three or four o'clock rolls around. having put your illness in the proper perspectch
by the incredible suffering on the soap operas. all you want to do is get out of here. go back to
your room. shower and wash your hair. You‘ve had about all you can take. and you prttythat the
doctor will set you free when he makes his afternoon rounds.

The trick is to blow your nose right before the doctors get to your room. then hold your breath
so'you won't cough while the doctor examines you. and of course nod yOUr head in the
alfrftrlznative wll:t:n 2c aslks yo: if you‘re feeling better. Then. when he asks you ifyouthink you're
5 o genoug o e re case ou re so ha ' - ‘ -
still sick rind you don‘t wani it) give himpamddi‘dil could km mm. hm you rcm‘mber mm you n

You phone your friend to pick you up. and after he dro s ou o ‘
two .aspirtns andjump into bed. swearing to get rid of thlspmiscrulifenddifilii'yrfliemwzctktigiilulh‘it‘d
vowrng never to go back to the lnlirmary again. I

 

FEBRUARY 20, 1976

 

 
 
     

 

    
   
  
   
      
 
  
   
  

  
   
   
   
   

On the Trail with Fred Harris



Enroutc to New Hampshire. Ed w ‘ on the
ﬂoor ofthe van. He‘d given up hisjohto work
for Fred Harris. He was trying to impress
upon usthcimportancc of our mission. “We're
gonna change the world." he kcptsaying.“Wc
are a revolutionary force." Seven of us in an
old V.W. van. out to change the world.

We drove through Troy. Bleak and depress-
ed streets in the dim light of early evening.
“Fred'll win here." someone quippcd. “these
people are oppressed." At a grocery store in
the middle of nowhere we stripped for beer.
Through Vermont we drank and talked
politics. Fred was America's last ltopc. The
corporations and super-rich had too ntuch
power. Ford's tax incentives were augmenting
that power. None of the other Democratic
candidates scented to grasp the essential
problem. Wealth and power had hccomc coit-
ccntrtttcd in the hands of a few. at the cxpcttsc
of the rest. “We ought not to tillou this."
someone said quoting Frcd.

We stopped for coffee somcwltcrc in Ver-
mont. A woman there told us she was running
as a delegate for Buyh. “But you know.“ she
said. "if I thought Fred could win. I‘d back
him.“ The McGovern syndrome. I‘d heard it
oftctt. Everyone would back Frcd if they
thought he could win. They were afraid of
another humiliation at the hands of the
Republicans. liut could anyone rational/c
ousting Nixon only to vote in it Ford or
Rcugon‘!

The energy at the Harris ltcadquurtcrs in
chnc was tremendous. it was llzflll by tltc
time we pulled in. but there were still l5 pcoplc
tltcrc hard at work. st iiffi ng cnvclopcs. folding
literature. laying out routes for the next days
canvassing. There was it high lcvcl of excite-
mcnt. Walter Cronkite had given l'rcd three
minutes that cvcnirtg. It was the ﬁrst favorable
covcragc Harris had gotten so fat from the
media. Everyone was talking about the crowds
Fred was drawing it“ over the state. Despite
what the polls were saying. Ft’cd‘sidca ofpop-
ulisnt was catching on.

We all slept on the floor of a deserted house
outside oftown. In the morning back at head-
quarters thcrc were over 30 people there
waiting to swarm down on Keene. Fred didn‘t
have it war to end but he was able to generate
enthusiasm. He was the people's candidate.
with over 300 volunteers across the state.
mostly college students. that believed in him.
Next door to us was the Carter headquarters.
The door was locked and tlterc was a sign
taped up which read. “Carter person is ill.“
One pcrsonl

.Yet. Curtcr was the man to beat. He had a

 
  

by Kevin Kovacs _

lot of money llowing. good media and a
terrific smile. l’coplc following the campaign
arc frustrated by their inability to pin him
down on anything. Hc‘s always cquivocnting
on tltc issues. uvoidingspcciﬁcs and bcingout-
right dccciliul. Among the Harris people he‘s
lhc most despicable of the candidates.

Our job was to go door to door. We had to
undercut the conservative .vl'ltlllt'lltﬂl‘lt'r Union.
point out the dcficicncics of tire other can-
tltdutcs and show that Harris was different.
llc‘s tough. He‘ll be effective. llc‘ll take the
elites and shake lhcnt by the heels. He‘ll
restructure the tax system and make sure they
pay their fair share. l‘lc'll bread upthc big oil
conglomerates and multinationals whose only
concern is profit. He'll get this country moving
in lhc right direction.

l’coplc \vcrc impressed. 'l'hcy would step
out on to their porches in tire cold. listen in-
lcntitcly and and afﬁrmatively. Frcd could
uppcnl to inlcllcct as well use-motion. He could
appeal to the working class better than
\Vtillucc and Without lltc prejudices. llc could
appeal to black and wltitc. unifying all of us
into a workable coalition against the elites.
Although many people were still undecided. it
was obvious that that Fred Harris candidacy
was gaining momentum,

On Sunday we canvassed all day again. 1 hit
North Wrilpolc. a working class town with
mud slrccls and broken screen doors. The pet)-
plc \\t:t'L‘ out of touch its well as out of work.
Ihct smilcd politely and looked oddly at tltc
literature. Candidates come throttgh every
lour years. promise the some t hing htit nothing
c\cr changes. | cmpltusi/cd that thcrc‘d never
bccn a candidate like Fer hcforc. llc‘stotally
out Iront.lltcrc‘s no big money behind hint
and hc \von‘t ctcr compromise.

Returning Sunday night. we assessed our
man‘s chance. || lic crime in the top tht‘cc in
New Hampshire ncxt \vcck ltc would be it
\tutncr. llc‘tl climutalc liiiyh. who's limousine
liberalism utisn't making it. (‘ttrlcr would
nctcr lust. Voters \vlll wisc up to him. The Par-
ty would ncvcr give the nomination to
Wiillircc. lltut'll bring it down to Jackson.
Udttll or Harris. and front the New York
primary on April it would emerge the winner.
In Vermont. we wanted to stop for coffee.
'l'hcrc was a Dunkin Donuts open. but we
rctusctl logo thcrc. ('lniin stores and first food
services rcprcscutcd everything we ltutcd.
What has become of the little corner sweet
shoptlttnchcoucttc'? We drove around toWn
but couldn‘t find anything. We had to settle
for itFricndly‘s. “At least it‘s only a regional
chitin.“

 

 

There were SA elections this past week. but few people cared. Of 4.060 off-campus I

  
   
  

students. only l57 chose to take part in the elections which would determine who
would represent .them in student government. Over 96 percent of off-campus students,
had no interest in the association which is supposed to represent them; a fact which
should tell student government leaders that something is wrong.

SA is not held in high regard by students. and the reason is that SA is not attuned to '

the concerns of the students it is supposed to represent. A great deal of time and effort is
spent by the people in SA. unfortunately it is not spent on the important issues but is
wasted on trivialities. 0f the two charges SA has; to collect and distribute student tax
monies. and to be the voice of the students to the school's administration. out SA has
only accomplished the ﬁrst. A blanket assertion that SA is inefﬁcient would be naive
and incorrect. ’

Student Association does not produce a visible product. and many students_are
unaware as to exactly what SA does. They would realize it immediately if there were
no SA. for there would also be no movies. no speakers. no concerts. no AMIA. no

varsity sports. no yearbook...the list goes on and on. it is many students giving great ‘

deal ofthcir time and energy which makes the student tax/activities system work. arid
without them SUNYA would not have its extensive activities program. one ofthe most
varied of the SU NYschoolan regard to ﬁnancial matters and programming out SA is
quite sophisticated. and has been the model for many other schools.

But it is SA‘s preoccupation with the financial aspects of student government which
is working to the detriment of students on this campus. There is plenty to do on the
weekends. but students are going without a voice in significant matters such as
department personnel cuts. school abolishmcms and adequate transportation
facilities. The bureaucratic channels which may be correct for ﬁnancial decisions are
responsible for camouﬁaging important issues by grouping them with relativelytrivial
internal SA matters.

The end result? SA meets topics whose decision will have a great effect on the
students at this school in the same way they treat internal issues; by passing a bill or
convening a committee to report out in a few weeks. Neither have much effect on the
issue.

Somehow the idea has been accepted that the SA President should give up his
student status and become an administrator.just likethc ones he deals with. noddingin
agreement when university officials plead that sought changes will take time. As inthe
case of the bztrbershop‘s relocation. it is clear that the administration can work
surprisingly fast when they want to. We students. transients. here for a few years. stand
clearly to lose by agreeing to bureaucratic procedures which postpone decisions on hot
issues until student interest has subsided andthc issue is forgotten. It is best that out SA
not subscribe to red tape tactics. but rather be on the lookout for administrative
attempts to strategically postpone.

Last semester several hundred students jammed into the administration building.
voicingtheir objection to proposed bus cutbacks. Vice President for Management and
Planning John Hartley spoke with them for a little while. then met with student
leaders. and the assurance was that there would be no cutbacks. Naturally. the crowd
lcft. Then over interscssion. when there were no students around. the bus service was
drastically cut. It‘s been over a month. now. and despite the fact that hundreds of
students were concerned enough to demonstrate. SA has yet to do anything visible
about restoring the cut bus service to an adequate operating level. Similarly. SA has
been mute onthe topic of budget cutbacks and their effect on departments and students
at this university.

At a time when university issues scream out for an organized student voice to present
their thoughts on proposed university changes. internal student government
bureaucracy and politics are diverting student government energies from acting onthe
priorities of the students.

 

 
   

é.

A ANY
S'i’tBJD NT
PRES

MASTIIEAD STAFF
S'l'lzl'llliN thsxsxa
MxNxomt; corms ............ .. SPENCER Rxaaro
Nrws snrrnn Berrv STElN
Assoctm Ntzws rzntroas DAVID WINleIJllERG. ANnaizi lltsuztiran. CYNTHIA HACINLI
Paoourtron nus-Arm PAIMK'K McGn'vs‘
Assoctni. PMODIK’IION iiANArnztis . Lot-1st MARKS. Ciaut. Mt‘i’llliltslix. ELLsx Fm;
Eunontxt. rims rot'rmr ..... .. KEN Wxx
Ants & PLA‘Il'ltlh l.l)l‘ll)|l.\.. ...\'xo.\u Fltll:|)l.ANt)Iill. STl-I'lth Etssxsixs‘
Scouts l.l)lT()ll ................. .. ..   Ntruxs‘ Strxsr
Assortxrr scouts tur'tori... ................. .. MIt’IIAliI. l’llzh'AliSKl
Anvrartsmt. MANAtil.lth..... Hun AI ltltlzt'lll. Lts Zl'CKERMAN
Assotttrt xovrnusm \lANAmZIt .Ltsx litr‘s'oo
('t..\ssitri.r)-orrmttr Mimosa.  erxtztil Court
Business MANAfiHl....... .. .. ..  ............... ..[)A.\lbl. O‘Cosxoa

I-iot'roit lN ('uirzr

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  
   

.‘leJItIHI "trimming t'lllltlf.‘ l’hil Moltcr

.It. I‘. and ltirlltlt' Nun-i tnmtttgt'rs: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Sta/f lt'rllt'rt.‘ (ZS. Santino. Susan Miller

l'l‘t‘l'it'll. Joyce l‘cigcuhaum

lit/lint: accountant: Susan Dunne-s

('mttpmitt'tnt mmtug ' l‘llcn lioiscu

Atitrlttnt Itl Iltt' crli/ llcn Weiss

llt'tltl lvl'pllll.‘ Leslie Eisenstein

I'rmltu'tt‘nu: Junct Adler. l’titty Altcrn. Sarah lilumcnslock. Carol liurgcr. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llcitncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Kurttuuin. Kathy Lam. Marc chc. Tania Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Merntclstem. .lanct Mcunicr. Debbie iticger. Joan Silvcrblritt. Ellen Weiss

Graphics nuttmgcr: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager: llclcitc Lustgartcn

ritllllllllllrtllll't‘ tl.\.li.\’ltllll.' Jcrclyn Kaye

rit/l'Wlln‘lltg production.- chf Aronowitr. Kelly Kiln. lirian Cultill. Anne Wren

I’ltotogrzt/ihy: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

   
   

the Albany Student Press is puhlirhed every ’I'ttcrrluy and Friday during the school year t‘.\‘¢'t’pl
lmlirlttyr. It‘d/tori“! [Itlllt'J‘ ' the rcs’potirihility of the Editor in Cltidatttlrtthjecl to review hythe
I‘lflllllt'tlfl Slit/I. Mill/l uﬂim ('C 329; tt-lcplimtc: 457-8592. Fttmlt'tl ltyStutlt'nI Association. Atl-
t/Ii'st mail to: Albany Student Press. C(‘JN. I400 ll’arhlngtott Avenue. Albany. New York.

 

 

 

 

        
        

 
 

      
  
  
      
 

ﬁr.“ wr‘.....

   
  
    
 
  
 
 

  
  
 

 

 

 

