 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. 0 ....... "meme-"mu: .-: 21awmsimeuuntu.met

FACT

Mosr AMERICANS are unaware that a.
person‘s chances of going to any
college vary enor’mousl with the
state in which he or she ives. In the
last year for which nationwide data is
available, for example. over 90
percent of all high school graduates
in Arizona. about 75 percent of all
graduates in California. adn 70
percent of all New York high school
graduates went on to college.

On the other hand. only about 35
percent of high school graduates in
Maine and Vermont—with very high
tuitions—went to any college. Again.
a principal reason for these
differences is tuition and the
geographic availability oflow-tuition
colleges and community colleges.

Story of a High
Quality University

Founded in 1844 as Albany Normal
School. SUNYA is the oldest SUNY unit.
in 1948. SUNYA was made a part ofthe
SUNY system when New York became
the last state in the union to establish a
State University.

In 1963 Albany was given university
center status. The more prestigious un-
iversity centers offer a wide range of both
undergraduate and graduate academic
programs. Contained in the university
center at Albany are the Schools of
Business. Public Administration. Nur-
sing. Criminal Justice. Library and Infor-
mation Science. Education. Arts and
Sciences. Social Welfare and the James E.
Allen, Jr. Collegiate Center.

Within the College of Arts and
Sciences are the Divisions of Humanities,
Social and Behavioral Sciences. and
Science and Mathematics.

The State University of New York at
Albany also enjoysthe privilege of having
received accreditation from at least nine
respected organizations. Additionally.
SUNYA is chartered by the Board of
Regents of New York State which.
through the State Education Depart-
ment. has approved all its degrees.
registered programs and professional
programs.

Albany State is a member ofthe Coun-
cil of Graduate Schools and its graduates
are recognized by the American Associa-
tion of University Women.

High Standards

The university itself proudly statesthat
it is “committed to a policy of develop-
ment consistent with the maintainance of
the high standards of educational quality
which have marked the excellent reputa-
tion Albany has enjoyed for more that
125 years.“

indeed. according to Barron's Hoff/er
of American C alleges. Albany is a “very
competitive" place. and ranks third
highest in the state (behind Columbia and
Cornell) in average SAT scores required
for admission.

The Albany .S'Imlenl Pratt wrote that
“according to Assistant Director of Ad-
missions R. Thomas Heming. the stan-
dards are set up by the group of
applicants on a competitive basis. The
SUNYA policy is to accept the ‘best
qualified student ﬁrst.‘

“SUNYA attracts more applicants for
admission than any other unit oft he State
University. while admitting only a small
percentage ofthesc applicants. The mean
high school average of those who are ad-
mitted has been in and around 90%. . .
the average Regents Scholarship score is
about 215 out of 300."

And. according to l'r't'tv/min/
(SUNYA's freshman handbook). “Past
entering transfers from other two and
four year schools had a collective average
of 3.10 out of a possible 4.00.“

The 14.000 students at Albany State
have the opponunities of studying under
a faculty of distinguished and impressive
credentials with salaries that deservedly
exceed national averages.

Active at the University are many
national academic societies. including
Sigma Xi and Phi Beta Kappa.

 

 

 *‘ '“' "HEWmne-s raw:

 

 

 

 

Rally:

MARCH 16

2:00 P. M.

NEW YORK STATE CAPITOL
ALBANY; NEW YORK

Over 10,000 friends of public higher
education will be there.

ENDORSED BY: STUDENT ASSOCIATION OF THE STATE
UNIVERSITY (SASU). CUNY STUDENT SENATE. UNITED
UNIVERSITY PROFESSIONALS (UUP). AND CIVIL SERVICE
EMPLOYEES ASSOCIATION (CSEA)

 

 

 

An Open Letter
to Our Friends

Dear Friend of the University,

The times that we are living in spell serious. perhaps grave. new conditions and
realities for a most vital instrument of a free society—our State University.

The administration. faculty. and students of Albany State recognize our special
obligation to understand and react responsibly to the financial restraints the State of
New York must now operate under. We constitute a State-supported institution. and
as such cannot afford to break step with the direction ofthe elected leadership ofthe
State. We are forced to find fair and equitable ways to operate within the fiscal
limitations imposed upon us by the government.

But we would be derelict in our responsibilities to our commitments. the mission of
the State University. and the people ofthe State whosupport this unique and dynamic
institution with their tax dollars if we did not pursue aggressively every avenue opento
us to ensure that Albany State is funded fairly and appropriately. To this end we have
directed our agencies and efforts since the State's revenues available to the State
University became tighter. and thereby dearer. several years ago.

But we alone cannot defend the University. The support of all who believe in public
higher education is called upon to maintain and continue the role of education in the
Empire State. You have a part in this vital effort.

State legislators do respond to the petitions oftheir constituents. but will do so only
if interested citizens express themselves clearly and in significant numbers. You can
protect the investments of the past quarter century that have been made in the State
University at Albany. and help continue its mission into the lives offuture generations
by contacting your Senator and Assemblyman. urging them not to lose sight ofthe
great benefits a strong University offers our citizens. the state. and the nation.

The value of written and personal contact with law makers cannot bcovcrcstimatcd
or done without. While we are dedicated to assuming our share of the financial
hardship the State faces. we cannot abandon our commitment to education. without
which future generations will be unable to face the problems ofthcir own times. And
those problems. we are sure. will only be lessened by rccommitting ourselves to the
State University today.

Sincerely.

Andrew 1. lluumttn
l’rt'tnlr-nl,
.S'Imlt'nl .4.i‘.\'ru'l(llitnl

Phillip K. Tompkins
( 'lmr'rmun,
University Senate

Emmett B. Fields
President.
SUN YA

 

impact at SUNYA;
13 Programs Die

The entire University Community of
Albany State including students, faculty.
administration, parents, and alumni. has.
in the past, been proud ofthe growth and
impressive achieVements of the institu-
tion. All of the accomplishments of the
school and its graduates are made possi-
ble in large part by the taxes paid by the
people of the State of New York.

Now. we have come to a period when
the high quality of education at SUNYA
is being threatened by severe and un-
precedented budget cuts.

This year SUNY Albany‘s operating
budget has been cut $1.3 million under
the Governor‘s proposed austerity
budget. Faced with the responsibility of
presenting a balanced budget to SUNY
Central Administration. SUNYA Presi-
dent Emmett B. Fields established aTask
Force on Priorities and Resources in
January.

The charge of the Task Force was to
review the strengths and weaknesses of
programs and administrative units within
the University and make recommen-
dations to President Fields as to where
programs. faculty lines. and services
should be cut.

When the Task Force reported out on
February 24. it had recommended that
thirteen degree-granting programs he ter»
minated. This means that eight illi-
dergraduate programs in Art History.
Comparative Literature. Environmental
Studies. Inter-American Studies.
Astronomy. Speech Pathology and
Audiology. and Nursing may have to bite
the academic dtist beginning next year.

Five masters and three doctoral
programs are also slated to close. The
report does. however. recognize that
graduate programs are what distinguishes
the SUNY University Centers from the
other units in the 72-school system.

The Task Force report has been sent to
the University Senate Council on
Educational Policies and thc Executive
Committee of that body. for rcvicu and
to make final rccornmcndations to Presi-
dent Fields in early March. President
Fields has until March 15 to make the
decision as to which programs will close.

It is unlikely that once terminated.
these programs will ever be rcinstitutcd at
the University.

 

Out of the SAndbox

PUBLISHED BY THE STI'IHCNT
ASSOCIATION

State University of New York at

Albany

This special issue of Out of the
SAndbox was created by the
volunteer clforts of indititllittlh and
organizations concerned about the
future of public higher education lll
New York State.

Out of the SAndhox is published ever y
Thursday and represents the views of
the Student Association. Our offices
are in the Campus Center. Room 146;
telephone (518) 457-6542.

Composed by the Albany Stttdcnt
Press.

Carey Proposes 10% TAP Cut

Governor Hugh Carey's proposed
amendments to his Executive budget cut-
ting Tuition Assistancc Program awards
are expected to seriously alter the educa-
tion ofthousands oflower and middlein-
come SUNY students. Carey calls for a
10% TAP reduction while students are
still reeling from the announcements of
tuition and rate increases amounting to
hundreds of dollars.

Careyjustifies the regressive aid reduc-
tions which will affect low income
students receiving the highest TAP
awards tnost seriously. since the program
has encountered a $50 million cost
overrun over the fiscal years 1975-77.

SASU Legislative Director Joel Packer
said that he was "shocked" bythe surprise
accounccmcnt by the Division of the
Budget to cut aid and protests the
penalization of SUNY students for the
faulty projections and inaccurate cost
analysis made by the Governor‘s office.
the Legislature and the State Education
Department.

Packer notes that one of the Cover-
nor's recommendations to the
Legislature. that “Preparation of law
revisions which will maintain broad
access to TA P. but will reduce the level of
grants to students whose families can
better afford to assist them“ be made.
sounds ominously like a prelude to
deleterious restructuring of the entire
program.

Yet there is an obvious inconsistency
present between Carey‘s call for less stu-
dent aid to families able to “better afford
to assist them and the burdening of the
greatest TAP cuts on the poorest
students."

Low income graduate students with net
taxable family incomes under $2000 are
eligible only for Category One TAP.
maximum award $600. These individuals
will have TAP decreases of $60. This is
compounded by the total eliminanation
of State University Scholarships (SUS)
for graduate students and Carey‘s $200
graduate tuition increase. These students.
who could least afford it. would be fore-
ed to pay $860 more for their education.
Packer deplored the severity of such
regressive planning. which throws the
financial burden upon those least able to
pay. as “mind boggling.“ and promised
student action for more equitable student
aid.

Veterans. those who worked before
starting their education. and persons \\ ho
graduated high school prior to January
1974 will be hardest hit by the Category

One restriction. These people are ap-
parently being penalized for either ser-
ving their country or for trying to earn
money to finance their education.

The effects of the aid reductions will be
magnified by the impact of tuition and
dorm rent increases. Under the aid for-
mulas used until Carey‘s 10% reduction.
one dollar of every three raised by in-
creasing tuition costs had to be put
toward more student aid. But the unex~
pected TAP cuts change this ﬁnancial
relationship by compounding the effects
of both damaging measures upon finan-
cially hard-pressed lower and middle in-
come families.

if TAP aid is not reduced and tuition
is increased by the amount Carey calls
for in his budget. then lower division un-
dergraduate students with family income
of $11.000 or more will start paying in-
creased monies. and upper division
students from incomes of$10.000 or more
will start paying increased tuition. The
lower income people have had their in-
creases covered by TA P. Now. however.
they are being attacked. The 10% across-
the-board cut hits hardest those with the
least income. The lower one‘s income. the
larger one‘s award and therefore. the
bigger the decrease caused by the 10%
reduction. SASU questions the validity of
the Governor‘s stated rationalethat those
families best able to assist student
members will be made to do sounder his
plans for the State University during the
state's fiscal troubles. Instead. it appears
that an entire class of individuals. the
least paid. are being forced to pay the
most. and perhaps. discontinue their
plans for public higher education. while
private schools are even more so beyond
their reach.

Public university students in this state
are planning both legislative and mass ac—
tions to counter ill-conceived and dis-
criminatory cost increases and reductions
in access to higher education. They note
with disdain the shift from gubernatorial
candidate Carey‘s 1974 position that the
state “can and must“ shoulder increased
education costs. to his present position of
presiding over reductions in academic
quality. closings of departments and en»
tire programs. and higher student costs
while Classes of ciii/ens are being denied
entrance to a unitcrsity supported by
their high state taxes.

IfL'I'I'HlIt‘t/TI‘UIH llpdatc. {I [nth/lt'ulmn o/
I/lt‘ Almlclr/ .‘l.\'.\t‘t'ltllltlll {ff/lie State I It»
l\t'I'.\1I_l (5.4.81 ').

 

 

60 MUCH THATAhLl CAN OFFER
l5 A LllTLE MUNEFU ADVICE!”

 

 

"While the State's overall tlocoi
situation to bio-cit and one More
the expression ‘ovoryono must
bite the builot,‘ SUNY is being
asked not merely to bite the bullet
but to swallow it whole."

—Joel Packer,
SASU Legislative Director.

In testimony before the Senate

Finance and Assembly Ways and
Means Committees.

 

 

 

Fee increase imminent

In addition to Governor Hugh Carey‘s
request that SU N Y reduce its base budget
by $21.5 million. another $24.2 million in—
crease in income is being demanded ofthe
State University.

While SUNY‘s fees are already the
ninth highest among the nation‘s 160
public colleges and universities. an even
greater financial burden will be placed on
students from lower and middle income
families.

Tuition Takes Off

Incorporated into Carey‘s budget for
SUNY is the recommendation ofthe Se-
cond Report of the Unversity Commis—
sion on Purposes and Priorities that un-
dergraduate students be charged $100
more tuition during 1976-77. This in-
crease would produce nearly $15 million
of the $24.4 million increase ordered by
Carey. The report also recommends that
graduate tuition increase from $1200 to
$1400 annually and the professional
school tuition be raised from $1600 to
$2000 yearly.

Presently the tuition level for freshmen
and sophomores is $650 and jumps to
$800 at thejunior and senior level. The
Tuition Assistance Program (TAP)
would normally offset ttiition costs
because it is adj listed according to income
and tuition level. However. Governor
Carey has also proposed a 10% across-
the-board reduction in TAP awards for
all New York State students next year.

The result oftlnx cut for upper dl\ ision
studcttts will he a large decrease in TAP
awards. '1 heir tuition will go up
$100 semester in order to gain the in-
creased revenue that Carey has mand-
tatcd and theirtuition will go up$100 for
being upper division students (this will
affect only present sophomores). The
10"; ctit in I'Al’ will nolonger'therthcse
increases and therefore nest ycar‘sjunior

and senior classes will be hardest hit by
the tuition increase.
Room Rent Rising

in addition. the SUNY Board of
Trustees will consider proposals to raise
residence hall rates $100 yearly. along
with health care and college fee hikes. A
room rent hike. while not affecting all
students. could be more harmful since it
woul not be offset by TAP.

Many students living off campus are
fearful that rising dormitory rents will
lead to a comparable rise in off-campus
apartment rents. This fear is especially
justified in smaller college communities
and in towns and cities whose schools
already experience an on-campus hous-
ing shortage.

The Trustees will also consider in-
itiating a mandatory healthfeeto support
on-campus student health services and
free funds currently goingthere for other
use. Presently no such fee exists.

The fourth fee increase under con-
sideration is the general college or univer-
sity fee. This charge of $12.50 per
semester is used to pay off bonds on stu-
dent unions and campus centers con-
structed prior to 1963. All students
enrolled in SUNY (includingthosein Ern-
pirc State College which has no campus)
are required to pay this fee. regardless of
when their campus center was built.

Board Increase Another Possibility

A final fee increase may be for board
costs in SUNY campus cafeterias. While
the board fees are determined by not-for-
profit auxiliary services corporations
contracted by the campuses. a potential
decision to charge rent to these cor—
porations for use of state facilities could
effectively increase the operating costs of
these corporations. thereby necessitating
an increase in board rates charged to
students.

iliiililllilillllllllilliillliliiiililillliililiiliiiiliiiiilliliililiiillIIlliiiiliiiiililiIiiIiiiiillilliiiilliiiiiiiIlliiIIillilillllllillIililillllllilllliilllllilllilllliiil
Analysis of the Governor’s Recommendations for Tuition Increase and TAP Reductions

Lower Division Students

 

Upper Division Students

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Net Taxable 1975—6 Actual 1976—7 Proposed 1976—7 Proposed 1975—6 Actual 1976-7 Proposed 1976—7 Proposed

Income $650 Tuition; $750 Tuition; $750 Tuition; $800 Tuition; $900 Tuition; $900 Tuition;
After TAP Current TAP Reduced TAP After TAP Current TAP Reduced TAP

$O—2000 $0 $0 $75 $200 $200 $270
—3000 60 60 129 260 260 324
—4000 120 120 183 320 320 378
-5000 180 180 237 380 380 432
-6000 250 250 300 450 450 495
—7000 320 320 363 520 520 558
-8000 390 390 426 590 590 621
-9000 470 470 498 670 670 693
-10,000 550 550 570 700 750 765
-11,000 550 630 642 700 800 810
-l9.000 550 650 660 700 800 810
-20,000+ 650 750 750 800 900 900

 

 

 

 

 

data compiled by SASU-—The Student Association of the State University of New York, Inc.

 

