i
I;

mwemw-«w 2"w<u.--.’i—M< v;—

I new- W%—.aW_MP
,. A ..m.«..«...,.«a..n aw». ,... A . ~

V rents:
says; H

Catholic '

  “M. couidry

   

dailies his boots.  “the Protestants

. have, an English access. English

ﬂammar. The Catholics have, a
more poetic language. more im-

In music the Irish Catholics have
“canonized the harp"I and use bag-
pipes; the Protestants favor the ﬂute.
brass reeds. and drums. Their colors
differ: “Orange hitters never mix
with green whiskey.“

“Protestant kids play soldiers;‘my
nephews play guerilla games."

   

f‘It was a  thing. I were to a
soccer game—I‘m a Tan—it was
Northern Ireland vs.‘ Endand. Dur-
ing the game the Protestants yelled
‘E— the English,‘ ‘To hell with the
Queeh.‘ When ,theggarne was oVer.
they were British "auin. They saw

themselves as distinct, but they go
back in the streets waving English
flag saying ‘To hell with lreland‘.”

Though they see themselves as
British. the Protestants have been in
Northern Ireland since James 1
formed the Ulster Plantation in the
early 1600's. The English and Scot
Presbyterians pushed out most of
the Catholics; those who remained
became servants and slaves. with no
property rights. '

  

 is interiors ‘Prlnss mm

-‘a Protestant state for
destant people.“ along the tame ‘
' ,osie Plantation boundary. “The
British nourished an apartheid state

until the; I967 revolution”
7 Under' a provision of. the I92]

treaty, England is in Northem
Ireland today. having promised to
protect the people as. long as they

were loyal to the British crown.
Donaghy criticized the British
government‘s policy of “divide and
conquer—as in Palestine. Rhodesia.
India, Pakistan—the. colonizing
process where you divide the people
on religious grounds and leave them
ﬁghting each other to exploit them
capilalistically. They exploited the
religious differences between the
Catholics and the Protestants in
Ireland.”
But Donaghy fears a withdrawal

  

ofkitlshtroopsnowwillresultinan'
all-oil civil‘war and. exteiiiive

bloodshed.  .

‘ I“Two days ago the British govern-
rnera gave‘30 days to form a coali-
tion, to come up with a government.
orthey‘dtakeserious action. For800
years in Ireland there was not a day

i of peace. and they give 30 days to ’

solve it. The Catholics and
Protestants won't even sit at the
same table."

Donaghy criticized the American
media and government for r" g
the British version of what is
happening there: “The poor inno-
cent British soldiers in a violent sec-
tarian country trying to make peace
among bigoted savages."

Are there any solutions? Donaghy
isn‘t hopeful. “But maybe—when I
ﬁrst heard it it sounded crazy—-the
only solution is repartition. chang-
ing the boundary line and giving

 

  

tremist. Go to the Washington
Tavern or the Starry Plow for other
views.”

 back to Ireland
32".” ImIJOI‘llllfllnllltpopug.

This usually happens violently. he

says, as in India, Israel, Banged“.

at theexpense of man Ii

can't mix cultures. {livezbliiildot

Dante‘s Inferno. being sentenced to

hell. to choose the impossible.“
Donaghy added, “I'm not an ex.

Oil-campus students!
Watch for

PART III
Off-Campus Guide:
Transportation, Day Care

This Tuesday In the
Albany Student Press

 

It Sounds
Incredible

 

.h:

   

 

NICE WAY TO OT!

A London physician testiﬁed this
week that the kind of love-making
described in Linda Lovelace's reeerl
book could lead to death.

Medical expert Doctor Stewart
Came was commenting on an oral
sex practice described in the book
titled Inside Undo Lovelace.

Said DoctorICarne: “I can only
speculate this is a circus trick which
few people can do. It is not possi-
ble for most men and women."

The donor stated that "Inex-
perienced Teenagers" could die
attempting to' duplicate it. explain-
ing that the act could “over-disturb
the heart.”

CHEAPSTEAK
How would you like to buy ham-
burger that tastes and has the con-
sistency of a prime cut of steak?
Wesson at I Mt those

“All the stack 5
- on -.. ‘fof

    

British scientists have reportedly
found a way totransferthe tasteand
texture of expensive steak in the

cheapest meat choices. such as ham-
burger.

Doctor Rslph Lester, the head of
Unilever's Central Research
Laboratories in London, says that
food chemists have devised “An ap-
parently simple process of re-
aligning the muscle ﬁbers of
chopped beef into a texture and
‘Mouth Feel' resembling that of
steak.”

Doctor Lester says that butchers
simply have to separate out the fat
parts of cheap meat cuts. apply the
new process. and inexpensive beef—
such as ground chuck—will taste like
the choicest of steaks.

CUDDLEABLE

Do men like to be cuddled and
held as much as women do?

Well, according to a team of psyo
chiatrists from Vanderbilt Universi-
ty. the answer is yes.

The Vanderbilt research team sur-
veyed 30 men and 45 women ontheir
feelings about being cuddled. petted
and held. The university team
reports that——contrary to current
cultural stereotypes-—men wanted to
be cuddled just as much as women
do.

 

The Vanderbilt team said that
men usually aren't cisddled in our
society because being cuddled has
often been considered a I‘feniinine"
trait.

MICRO-GOLF
For the person who has
everything, how about an Ib-hole
putting golf course that ﬁts inside a
16-foot by IG-foot room? _

 

The Ivest A.B. Company of
Sweden has designed the putting
course so that a »touch of a button
provides l8 different conﬁgurations
with various hazards and obstacles.

The price? A mere $3000.

DOUBLE CROSS

Watergate burglar E. Howard
Hunt says he was told by his CIA
superiors in the mid-l950's that the

previotaly unknown suaadnalon
unit was headed up by a mysterious
army colonel named Boris T. Pash.

Hunt says he was told by his
superiors that if it was necessary to

"mantles" a possible double spot.

to discuss the matter with Colonel
Pash. ‘

Hurst describes the Colonel as a
kind of mysterious ﬁgure around the
agency who “was kind of a ioke.“
Hunt _adds:i“lt was a wary joke.
though.'nobody knew what he was

doing."
POLI-PORNOS

A draft report of the house in-
telligence committee disclqu that
the Central Intelligence Agency may
have been in the business of making
pornographic movies.

The C.I.A. employed. in the
report‘s words. “People of
questionable reputations to make
pornographic movies for
blackmail."

According to committee sources.
the report refers to a C.l.A. effort to
arrange for a ﬁlm to be produced on
former Indonesian President Sukar-
no, showing the former president

   

    
 
 

ed in horror this weekasam’an
leaped ’ from an eleven-story"
building. but didnot join the am .
milling around the dead man's body
on the street below because she was

. waiting for her husband.

Langue Ossandon waited in vain.
When her husband failed to appear.
she took a closer look and tilt
covered that the suicidaljumpel‘ had
landed on top of her husband. killing
him instantly.

COCAINE TV

Tommy Rettig—the child actor
who starred with Lauie the dog in
the “lassie” T.V. series—has been
convicted on charges of importing
cocaine. _

Remit was found guilty in a Los
Angeles Federal Court on charges of
smuggling the white powder from
Peru intothe United States disguised
as a Peruvian Liqueur.

Rettig, who will be sentenced on
February 23rd. contended un-
successfully that he had been writing
a book about cocaine. and that he
and a co—defendant were framed “by

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
 
 
    
 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

          

 

 

 

      
 

 

 

agl|enkciy operixed I: small covert uni; engaging in sexnal relationscwiit: a an real smugglers." f
w to came on assassinations o ‘ M cow. he . . .‘s [as ' Id t be ached or
our EVELYN wooo GRADUATES CAN READ AMERICAN INDIAN ...........0.....................   my" no re“
JEWELRY .. W'" 1;
mm IN 41 MINUTES 4; u N
‘; agnificent entertainment, 5 ‘
Al That 3 sad The 309 Pa c Ac s it sumptuous, lush. gorgeous, thrilling, , .
p ' m we ms i’ " h t' trans orting the Viewer P ‘
With More Impact Than The Movie. i au°n mg. ” ld If] nd ii 1
 In Living Blood, You Might Say. ii mm 'a wor 9 ong ago? af ii i
f 4 creating the kind of magic CW 1, .
 . a t . . . . l ' ' ” ‘
 you can do '1' mo" .50 m" almOP'HI'OOO‘OOO Pi-‘OPIe haw“ done It. And mark this well: they actually understand more. remember movles accomphSh . ' ' ii i
 People who have different Jobs. dilieront le. different interests, more, and enjoy more than when they read slowly That.s right. 4? Rex Reed.5.vndicafed<70’u" W“ p l
t! different educations have'completed the course. Our graduates are They understand more. They remember more They enjoy more: ii i 
 People from all walks of life. These people have all taken a course you can do Lhe same thing_the lace to learn ['nore about it is m I! i? y ‘
 developed by Evelyn Wood. a prominent educator. Practically all of free Speed readin lesson P . . 4 I,
if them at least tripled their reading speed with equal or better com- _ . g I ' i? "
prehension. Most have increased it even more. This IS the same course President Kennedy had his JointChiefsof : I
Think for a moment What that means. A” or theml_cvon the Staff take. The same one Senators and Congressmen have taken. ’ l?
slowest—now read an average novel in less than two hours They (‘ome to 'I fret S ‘ ' ' ' i
, , I ‘ ‘ ~ . n H. peed Reading Leg; df d L It gr “1., i
read an entire issue of Time or Newsweek III 35 minutes. They don't you and you will leave with a lietteiftrr‘ideatharidintzuofwhy  \::)i'i(> ii 8
skip or skim. They'read every word. They use no machines. Instead. Plan to attend a free Speed Reading Lesson and learn that it IS 1? 8
they let the material they're reading determine how fast they read. possible to read 3-4-5 times faster, with better comprEhensmn l; ;
i i
. 4 ‘r
f———SCHEDULE OF FREE SPEED READING -LESSDNS ii “
You’ll incr if i’
, ease your reading speed . ;
°/ 4' ‘
50 to 100 0 on the spot! 9 ii
4. i
l 4
Today, Tomorrow 8. Thursday 33% 0“ ‘ i
. i l  . - '
Thursday Friday and Saturday at Flah s 4 .
Colonic ,Center and Mohawk Mall. 4' ‘ @ it
:   a.”  Thursday and Friday at Twsn Towers. 4? wwwuwrgﬂ 4
C s | t d rd presented by Cathalina‘s Artisans. (c '
L  “' N Best Film of theYear 4
‘ ? Wnillm lo: the screen and directed by ‘
' EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS J 1? “AW “BR” 4 ’
y no”... cIKYAN O‘hLEALm‘MARlﬁA ‘BERQNSOND
Remember. . . at Albany Hyatt House 4 [Em "wnwwoswwwmmw'
I     f nor FLAll's COLONIE CENTER a MOHAWK MALL. ' E3f§f9L%§gyE MglilgtcuivklgayALL
. 5 Tom   filioo‘mo MON-SAT. TWIN TOWERS 9:0o5:oo MON-FRI. C01 (mic ' $33,020 Schenectady 370.1920 '

 

 

44

FEBRUARY 10, 1975

 

 

PAGE s1x ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 3W3“

FEBRUARY 10, 1976

 

   

