 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

 

 

 

i

You can do it, too. So far over 550,000 other people have done it. People who
have different jobs, different th, different interests, different educations have
completed the course. Our graduates are people from all walks of life. These
people have ell taken a course developed by Evelyn Wood, a prominent
educator. Practically ell of them at least tripled their reading speed with equal or 5mm“ and congressmen he“ “km
better comprehension. Most have increased it even more.

Think for a moment whet that means. All of them—even the slowest—now read
an average novel in less then two hours. They read an entire issue of Time or
Newsweek in 35 minutes. They don't skip or skim. They read every word. They
use no machines. Instead. they let the material they’re reading determine how
fast they read. And mark this well: they actually understand more, remember
more, and enloy more than when they read slowly. That's right! They
understand more. They remember more. They anioy more. You can do the same

 A ~.,. .AM.Ms

W,~M m. -L..A

\IrSounds
Q Incredible

 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ

 

 
  

 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES

 

 

 

    
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

AfmnSpNATMHw3PuufbmeAams
With More Impact Than The Movie.

thing—the place to learn more about it is at a free speed reading lesson.

This is the same course President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of Staff take.
The staff of President Nixon completed this course in June 1970. The same one

Come to a Mini-Lesson and find out. It Is free to you and you will leave with a
better understanding of why it works. One thing that might bother you about
your reading speed is that someone might find out how slow it is. The
instructors at the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics Free Speed Reading lesson
will let you keep your secret. It's true we practice the first step to improved
reading at a lvilnitesson and we will Increase your reading speed on the spot but
the results wrll remain your secret. Plan to attend a free Mini-Lesson and learn
that It Is possible to read 34-5 times faster, with comparable comprehension.

 

 

SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI-LESSONS

 

  
 
 
 
  
 



 

 

You’ll increase your reading speed
iii to Twit on the spot!

Last Week!!!

Today, tommorrow, and Thursday

4PM and 8PM at Albany Hyatt House

1375 Wash. Ave. (across from SUNYA)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
  

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 

  
  

exec-u-Jortes , ,   ‘  . ‘ 
The White House Speech-Writing I _
Staff heareportcdly placed want-ads I I
in magazines in an effort to ﬁnd fun- , 
ny one-liners for President Gerald

Ford to use.
Barron's magazine reports that admissible in court.
the President's Chief Speechwriter, The decision involves a dog from
BobOrben, has piaoedaclaeslfied ad Lansing named “Wolf” Awhose
in the trade publication Writer's owners were sued after “Wolf” bit a
Market. girl when she stepped on his tail.

The ad proclaim: “We are look- ‘
ing for funny. perfbrmablc onc-
iiners. short jokes and stories that
are related to happenings in the
news, fads, trends and topical sub-
jects.“ Apparently to make sun: the
Chief Executive has no trouble with
the submitted items. the ad con-
tinues: “The accent is on comedy,
not wit."

Orben recently joined Ford‘s
Specchwriting Staff after working
for such comedians as Red Skelton
and Jack Parr.

 

During the trial, witnesses were

called who pointed “Wolf” as a pret-

DOG RIGHTS ty bad dog. Among other things,hc

The Michigan Supreme Court— was accused of biting a child's jacket

in what must bcalandmark decision while the child was still wearing it,

for the rights of canines—has ruled and of relishing ﬁghts with other
that a dog‘s previous behavior is not dogs,

 

 
 
     

ANHEUSER-DUSCN, INC. a ST. LOUIS

  

\iiiiiii

trill

c
r

m.-

CLEAH UP
8IiiIm‘lOOO!

April 5-9, Budweiser and ABC Radio will
again sponsor National College Pitch In!
Week.

THE RULES ARE SIMPLE: Organize
a community improvement activity during
the week of April 5-9, document what you
accomplish, and send it to Pitch In!

THE REWARDS ARE GREAT: You get
a cleaner community and, if you win, a
$1000 or $500 cash award! Any number of
groups per campus may enter.

FOR MORE INFORMATION: Contact
your Dean of Student Activities or write
Pitch In! Week, Dept. C, c/o ABC Radio,
I330 Avenue of the Americas, New York,
N.Y.10019.

Budweiser

arm. in irtrnx

 

PITCH INI FOR AMERICA'S MOTH BIRTHDAY.
ENTER NATIONAL COLLEGE PITCH INl WEEK TODAY.

  

shuns on were

for Walueen’s Departmera'Stora
in Chicago, reports that sales of
snuff have been skyrocketingrecent-
Iy, especially in areas with large
college populations.

The current fad does not involve
the old-fashioned dry snuff, but the ‘
moist variety which has the con-
stituency of ﬁnely-chopped chewing
tobacco.

Tile smokeless tobacco council in
Peckskill, New York, says that a
snuff fad has been building for the
past five years. The Council es-
timates that about 6 million

contrary to widespread reports—pot
users are more outgoing, more in-

dependent thinkers and have Blades The Nation of Denmark has just
WhiCh are 38 800d 39‘ 0|" “CD belief launched a novel prison experiment.
than. non-USHE- The new prison on the island of

These are the surprising; , up
The latest fed on college "of a study by the New York‘stste
campuses—reportedly even rivaling Drug Abuse Control Commissioan
marijuana use in some areas—is 264 middle-class marijuana users
snuff. between the 7th and l2th paste in a
Bob Schwab, a tobacco buyer suburban school.

 

Professor Richard Dembo, in

Americans now use snuff. reporting the ﬁndings to the

American Sociological Association,

PASS WITH POT said that the students were not anti-

A new survey of high school mari- social, and did not regard pot use as
juana smokers has found that—' a“Bchavior Problem."

  
 
 
    
  
    
   
    
  

 
 

    

 

think, we hope It willimprovc'tbeat- ’
mosphere.” " 1

, CRIME PAYS

U.S. News and World Roper-tie" '
out with a special report wldch con-
cludes that Organized Crime is the
most lucrative “busineaa“"in
America.

According to the magazine.
Mafia-related activities gross an in-
credible 340 billion a year—more
than half of all the money that is
stolen or channeled into illegal ac-
tivities annually.

The magazine alleges that
Organized Crime operatives—from
"hit men" working on'contracts to
“mob Iieutenants"—carn anywhere
from $75,000 to “65,000 per year,
tax free.

Says U. S. More: “Organized
Crime is the most lucrativc‘busincss'
in the U.S., taking in more profits
than General Motorsﬁ'Exxon and
Sears, Roebuck do Company com-
bined. .‘ 1:. I .

 

programs.

Israel.

And more.

Long
Term "

/
6‘

i212] 751~6070.

 

information on your
C] Long-term programs
D Shortolerm program

 

 

 

L _____ __..._.__._____.____._______.__ ____ __

Pick-a-hump -< ~ .- .-
There're lots of ways to get to isroel. We've got two. Long-term and short-term

And these Ivvo woys actually offer you 22 different options of things to do in

On the one hump we offer short-term programs that lost a summer. There are
12 of these in oil. Kibbutz programs. Work/study programs. Archaeology digs.
Uipons. Science programs. And more.

On the other hump we offer long-term programs for a semester. 6 months or a
year. There are 10 in oil. Work/study programs at Israeli Universities. Volunteer pro-
grams in Development Towns and kibbutzim. Professional placement programs.

All in all, we offer you a caravan of programs to choose from that include
roundtrip air transportation. room. board. tuition fees [if applicable), and touring
through Israel for one inclusive price.

Return the coupon below for our catalogue, further information and the num-
ber of our ofﬁce or representative nearest you,

Of our two ways to Israel. one hump is right for you.

 

Israel Program Center/AZVF.
515 Park Avenue. N.V.. NY. 10022

Nome_.___.._.._-——————————————

 

i'm interested In your programs
to Israel. Please send me further

Elma Zln

 

 

————————————-s..
#

 

FEBRUARY 17, 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVEN

 

  

.
i
i

'A‘

.. , _.. an we“... “,7. dry—«1....» .5; .mmﬁ M...-

