1   of rel
n makers  they were

 

 

   

* Guam-ts Cit

  
 
   
   
 

y cemetery >
sti‘v'e’s and frie
“mm,” ~ - _ a -

- run short of  and many
 were lying. in the streets
covered oﬂyiwitli a blanket or a

r from the country’s interior spoke of
widespread devastation. and food
prices skyrocketed as supplies
- dwindled. "

An Emeryncy Rescue Committee
official said at least 2.000 persons
were killed and 3.000 injured across

.. the country. President Kjell Eugenio

g ' Laugerud put the ofﬁcial toll at 800
dead. but he said he expected the
ﬁgure to rise for higher.

“We'll never know how many died
for sure.” said a volunteer worker.
“Fifteen out of every 100 bodies sent

‘ to the morgue are not being iden-
tified."

The city morgue has been ﬁlled
beyond capacity since the earth-
quake hit with devastating force
before dawn Wednesday. shattering
Guatemala and rocking parts of
Mexico and most of the rest of Cen-
tral America.

'the night in tents and makeshift

sheet'of plastic. Meanwhile. reports -

  

, JMJM
good said about one-tenth of
‘ adobe, housing 'used by
Guatemela'spoorwasdestroyed and
tom of thousands of people spend

  

shelters.
“As usual. it is the people with the
least means who sufferthe most in

'Wreck Fame

MERIDBN, Conn. (AP) Since his
car rammed into President Ford,
armored limousine nearly four
months ago. James Salsmites has
appeared on three television shows,
obtained a manager and nurtured
hopes for a national tour of his
rusting wreck. ,.

But the unemployed high school
dropout claims his accidental colli-
sion with fame hasn't changed his life
very much. nor brought him much
ﬁnancial beneﬁt.

“1 just take everything in stride."
said Salamites, who turned 20 last
month. “Really, once you think
about it you never think people
would take a great interest .”

   

soaring on the tendon: market.
where traders feared that destruction
in the ports and cities would hamper
deliveries of one of the country's'me-
jor exports. However. experts said
there we no indication the adual
crop had been damaged.

The few travelers who arrived
from the interior regions brought
reports of horrible destrurxion there.

.SASU crisis

continued from page one

SASU to make resitution for
supplies taken and to obtain SASU
assurance that it will monitor its staff
and procedures. But the line between
SASU and Student Assembly has
always been thin. and Kirkpatrick
says “nothing has been done without
the interests of SUNY students in
mind."

The rumors and paranoia have
reached immense proportions. Com-
ing through the in. however. is
concern for SASU's survival.
“SUNY is disapointed,“ said
Thorne. Kirkpatrick hopes that "we
continue to have an active. credible
voice in this town.”

    

Moynihan Returns to Harvard

_ UNITED NATIONS. N.Y. (AP)
Daniel P. Moynihan's U.N.
diplomatic career was short and
III-Pry-

He submitted his resignation as
ambassador to the United Nations
on Mondaypnly 61A monthsafter he
presented his credentials.

in that short time, he got more
attention and created more con-
troversy than had many of his
predecessors in two or three years.

He talked back to critics of the
United States with scorn or wit that
often outraged Third World

diplomats. dismayed some Western '

Europeans and delighted a large sec-
tion of the American public.

Nudged by the feeling that he was
not getting enough support from
Washington. he twice took in-
itiatives that won him endorsements
from President Ford and Secretary
of State Henry A. Kissinger.

In November. he withdrew a
threat to resign and last week he sent
a controversial cablegram to
Kissinger and all U.S. embassies
claiming that conservative
diplomats in the State Department
opposed his campaign to crack the
anti-American bloc at the United
Nations.

The ambassador. who was on
leave from Harvard. said in hisietter
of resignation to President Fordthat
“it is time to return toteaching." in a
letter of reply, Ford accepted
Moynihan's resignation “with the
deepest regret and reluctance."
declaring that the ambassador had
“asserted our position forcefully.
cogently and honestly" at the United
Nations. _

Moynihan, 49. and 6 feet 5, is a
broad-shouldered diplomat with a
ruddy, baby face and a floppy shock
of white hair. ‘

He Wu..an in Titles. 0kla.. but
moved to. New York City with his
parents when he ivae 6. When his
father walked out on the family in
1930. young Moynihan peddled
newspapers. shined shoes and later

Ph.D. from Tufts University and
was a professor of government at
Harvard, served in
ministrations of twa Republican and
two Democratic presidents and was
named ambassador to india by
former President Richard M. Nixon.

,Kissipger. (reportedly annoyed at
some of Moynihan‘s outbursts of
eloquence in the United Nations.
had asked the professor to take the
U.N. post last July.

State Department sources said
Kissinger had been impressed by an
article written by Moynihan that
appeared in the March issue of Com-
mentary magazine urging
Washington to take the offensive
against countries that were making
the United States a whipping boy at
the United Nations.

Moynihan on Sunday became
president of the U.N. Security Coun-
cil for February underthc procedure
of rotating the presidency each
month among the 15 member
nations.

He rankled many African and
other Third World countries in 0c-
tober with a blast at Uganda's eccen-
tric President ldi Amin. Speaking in
San Fransisco, Moynihan said: “it is
no accident, i fear. that this ‘racist
murderer'—-as one of our leading
newspapers called him this
morning—is head of the Organiza-
tion of African Unity."

Arrtin had called for “the extinc-
tion of lsrael as a state.” When
Moynihan presented his credentials
to Secretary-General Kurt
Waldheim July 17. he used a French
saying to explain whatthe U.S. posi-
tion would be. “This animal is not
wicked." he said, “but when it is at-
tacked it defends itself.”

In subsequent speeches he called a
U.N. committee report on the U.S.
Viry'n islands “rubbish.” accused
the Soviet Union of reviving
colonialism in Africa by itsinterven-
tion in Angola. and called the
General Assembly “thetheeter of the
absurd" and its l975 session “so

the ad- '

    

I

Daniel P. Moynihan.

Zionism is form of racism.
Moynihan declared that the United
States "does not acknowledge, it will
not abide by, it will never acquiesce
in this infamous act."

“The abomination of anti-
Semitism,” he said. “has been given
the appearance of international
sanction."

In November. Britain‘s U.N. am-
bassador. lvor Richard. assailed
Moynihan's confrontation tactics.

Sirotkin Leaves

continued from page one

budget of over $8 million.

Sirotkin said that he “didn't make
this decision easily," but feels work-
ing for WICHB is a “very exciting
opportunity." He said. “I believe
higher education in the nation is in
crisis." and added that WICHE
helps “to preserve educational op-
portunities."

Sirotkin said the Executive Direo
torship of the Commission offers an
increase from his SUNYA salary.
although no ﬁgures could be ob-
tained.

At his new post. Sirotkin will be

     
    

   
 
 
  
 
 
 

Judge Silica Suffers Heart Attack 5 _ g

WASHINGTON (AP) U.S. District Court Judge John J. Siricn. who gained
national recognition for his dogged pursuit of the truth in Watergate,
suffered a heart attack Thursday. His condition is critical. Sirica. a month
away from his 72nd birthday, collapsed while delivering a luncheon speech
about a lawyer‘s obligation to professional ethice. His audience was 270
alumni of George Washington University Law School, includingtmany
fellow judges. A military doctor was summoned from another part of the
building. the Army-Navy Club; and be administered mouth-to-mouth

resuscitation. -

British Airways to Operate Concorde

LONDON (AP) British newspapers and ofﬁcials expressed delight today at
the American green light for the Concorde supersonic airliner. Forty
members of the House of Commons signed a motion congratulating
Transportation Secretary William T. Coleman Jr. for his decision to let
British Airways and Air France operate a limited Concorde service to New
York and Washingon for a l6-month trial period. “It will be surprising if, tit
the end of the lemonths trial. U. S. manufacturers are not thinking ot‘u Mach
3 50 percent faster than the Concorde's Mach 2 supersonic transport to
provide a second generation," said an editorial in The Guardian.

l.R.s. Officials to Appear Before Grand Jury
WASHINGTON (AP) Treasury Secretary William E. Simon said toduythnt
the commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service and other top Ofﬁcials of
the agency will appear before a grand jury next week.on an unspecificd
matter growing out of allegations against the tax-collection agency. A
statement released by Simon offered no speciﬁcs on what topics are under
consideration by the federal grand jury, which he said is sitting already in
Washington. lRS Commissioner Donald C. Alexander has been the target
recently of allegations that he hampered investigations into the use of
Bahamian banks for tax avoidance and provided favored treatment to
members of Congress with various responsibilities over the agency or the tax
code.

Moro Gets Support to Form Government

ROME (AP) Premier-designate Aldo Moro had a clear road Thursday to
form a new government after the Socialist. Social Democratic and
Republican parties all voted’to support a minority Christian Democratic

administration at least by abstaining on parliamentary confidencc_vo_ie_s. V

Moro‘s breakthrough came. on the 29th day of italy‘s 32nd postwar cri. . d
after all attempts to form a majority government had failed. The Socialists.
who caused the collapse .of the last government on Jan. 7 in disagreement
over economic policy, voted for parliamentary abstention rather than
premature general elections after approving an economic austerity program
unveiled by Moro on Wednesday night.

Freight Trains Collide in Ohio

WAUSEON. Ohio (AP) Four rail crewmen were killed and two others
injured Thursdayinthecollision of two Penn Central freight trains nL‘iil’ hcrc.
authorities said. Railroad officials hope one of the injured. a crc wmtm who
leaped from the engine of one train seconds before the collision. can help
determine the cause ofthecrash in a rural area about 35 miles west of 'l'olcdo.
According to Penn Central spokesman Howard Gilbert. the railroad
operates parallel tracks at the accident site and the trains should ltttve pttswd
each other safely.

 

Gunman Takes Mrs. James K. Hall Hostage
RICHMOND. Va. (AP) An armed prison escapee ﬂed into the home oi
former Sen. Sam Ervin's elderly sister on Wednesday and look livc
occupants hostage in a 2% hoursiege before be surrendered. 'l'hc sit-gt:
followed a chase that began when a patrolman halted a car at the rcqucst of u
television crew which asked that a routine trafﬁc check be made for its
filming of a documentary about policel No one was harmed in the siege iii the
home of Mrs. James K. Hall, the disabled. 87-year-old sister of f ormcr Sen.
Ervin, D-N.C. who chaired the Senate Watergate committee before he
retired. Police identiﬁed the gunman as Michael Keeney. 30. of Gui ncsvtllc.
Fla.

Workers Vote For CSEA Representation

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) The Civil Service Employees Association has survived
a challenge by a coalition of rival unions to represent 43.000 state workers ill
the bargaining table. Results of the election challenge. announced
Wednesday by state ofﬁcials. showed that employees in the Professional.
Scientiﬁc and Technical Service Unit of the state work force had voted I4.12|
to l0,l84 for continued CSEA representation. The challenge had been
mounted by the Professional Employees Federation. comprised mttinl)’ of
the New York State United Teachers and the Seourity Employees
international Union.

Martin Carey Keeps Stray Sheep

NEW YORK (AP) That hapless stray sheep found in Riverside Park last
week with its feet bound got a new and sumptuous home Thursday' "M
Long island estate of none other than Martin Carey. the governor's brother.
T!” loo-Pound Iheep was spotted last Friday by two police ofﬁcers. It was
lying on rocks on the Hudson River shore at 15er Street. Tremblinll i" ‘h‘
9010. the animal had its right from and left hind feet tied together. The

 

gm 5., in hi. magma, “100,, on Willi!!! dillPPdB'm"~" joining his son. who attends the Un- Americsn Societ ' ' ' '
I k y for the Prevention f Crueit t A l didn t discover
42nd Street at Times Square. “'3”, ‘Mommuumﬁm: tversity of Colorado. Hessysthat his who had been cruel to this particular anirnalbet cm“. sheep into its
“mm. who "arm by. F0 l m 0” “V' 3 family is happy with the move. shelter on East 92nd Street. '
1mg;  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 6. 1976

    

 

 

  

by Bryan Holabe'rg'

After months of planning. the
SUNYA Food Co-Op has ﬁnally
set its opening datefor February in.

“Our prices will be slightly above
cost to Co-Op members and com-
petitive for all others.” according to
the student co-ordinator for the Co-
Op. Joe Dicker. This mearts that
prices for most items will be the same
or a little below what local super-
markets charge. “Unless you‘re a
member," says Dicker.“there‘s little
advantage to the Co-Op, outside of
convenience."

Co-Op prices. its organization.
and the type of food stocked will be
determined by Co-Op members. in
exchange for working on one of the
committees—transportation. stock-
ing. counter—and paying a
membership fee of $3 with student
tax or 85 without. Co-Opers will

help to decide to policy of their
committee and receive a reduction in

costs for food items.

“We were going to hIVe a
member-only Co-Op." Dicker said.

. “but because we have made use of

SA funds it was decided that anyone
should be able to shop at the Co-Op.
Members will get a break.though."
A Student Association grant of
$4,350 covered the‘initial food order
and equipment supplies. “i hope no
more money will be needed.” Dicker
said. "Central Council has shown
strong support [for the Co-Op]. and
if we run into some losses. l'm sure
they‘ll subsidize us if needed."
Council member Diane Piche
agreed with this assessment. Dicker
believes, however, that losses should
be made up by replacing un-.
profitable items with food that sells
better. He stresses that some prices

 

Distinguished Professor Wayne Booth: "Some critical quarrels are as
pointless as quarrels about Chinese, French. and Turkish cooking."

  
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

Jo!" Math

Kinseer ,

   
 
   

  
 

    

 

Months of planning have finally resulted In the “liberation” of what was formerlth Whore
space in the Campus Center basement and Its replacement by a student-run food eo-op.

might have to be raised at times to
compensate for losses.

"Everything will be tentative."
Dicker explained. “If something
doesn't sell. we'll order something
that people want."

The Co-Op plans to stock fresh
vegetables and dairy products. These
will be supplemented by canned
goods such as soups andtuna ﬁsh. as
well as teas, honey. bread, ﬂour.
granola, and mayonnaise. '

Hosts Tentative

Tentative hours of operation will
be 3-5 pm. and 7-9 pm. Monday
through Friday. and Saturday from

. l2-4 p.m. Dicker says the hours will

be subject to change, depending on

what the demand is.

So far. 100 people have said they
willjoin the Co-Op. On Monday at 7
pm. in LC 7. there will be a meeting
to ﬁnalize the initial food stock.
committee schedules. pay
membership dues. and accept any
new members. Nothing is ﬁnal; the
Co—Op is designed for change, says
Dicker.

“We anticipate that the Co-Op
will evolve as the people involved
change." Dicker said. “It may even
be possible that most of the universi-
ty may become Co-Op members. But
that's really unrealistic right now."

The Co—Op is tentatively named
the Barbershop Food Co—Opducto

its location. The old barbershop
store front is small. The size of Co-
Op supply and variety of food at
anyone time will correspondingly be
limited. Orders will be placed at the
entrance to facilitate crowd control
and quicken shopping trips.
Fatlts Found

A health inspector has found
fault with the barbershop location.
Dicker says the inspector “found a
hole in the wall and thought that our
shelves will be hard to clean the way
they are."

“Hopefully it will beaconvenient
place to shop." said Dicker. “and
maybe it will help build a sense of
community at Albany."

Booth Knocks Literary Critics

by James Violette.

“How do 'we reduce harmful war-
fare among literary critics?“

This was thequestion that Wayne
Booth. distinguished professor at the
University of Chicago. posed in a
talk here Tuesday night. Booth is the
author of four books. including
Rhetoric of Fir/ion. which is con-
sidered to be a pioneering work in
the ﬁeld of literary criticism.

Before approximately [50 people
gathered in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall. Booth commented
on what he called the unjust criticism
often given literary works. He
presented his own theory on how

damaging criticism can be. avoided.

Booth pointedt'out the faults of
some commonly used-#varieties of
criticism." and then described the
method of criticism to which he
adheres —-pluralism.

The theory of pluralism states, lic-
cording to Booth. that there exists it
“multiplicity of valid and intricate
questions“ through which a work
may be viewed. In other words,
depending on what aspect the critic
chooses to take. a work may be seen
to excel or to be poor.

“Some critical quarrels are us
pointless as quarrels about Chinese.
French, and Turkish cooking." said

Seminar Deals with Death and Dying

by Corinne Bernstein

Those who can learn to deal with
minor losses will ﬁnd it easiest to
cope with more signiﬁcant losses.
This philosophy was reviewed at a
seminar Saturday entitled “Toward
More Understanding of Aging and
Dying."

Margaret E. Armstrong. Assistant
Professor at the University of
Rochester School of Medicine and
Dentistry. addressed an audience of
nurses. faculty members. nursing
supervisors. and social workers. to
discuss aging and its physiological
problems.

in recent years, there have been
new developments and increased in-
terest in the problems of aging and
dying. Armstrong pointed out
different angles from which aging
ilfld dying can be viewed. Some say
that aging begins at birth when one
starts to lose cells. although be con-
tinues to grow. 0n the other side.
some consider aging to occur when
the body stops growing.

Armstrong felt that certain

FEBRUARY 6, 1976

aspects of these theories are true
but.she considers the aging process
dependent on the individual.
Armstrong mentioned two theories
which are currently popular. One
theory states that the ability i.) read
genetic code is lessened, causing cells
to multiply and function less ac-
curately. The other theory suggests
that cells are sometimes destroyed by
systems of immunity. She also men-
tioned that organisms which are
more complex tend to grow faster.
age faster.

Armstrong stated that elderly peo-
ple are more susceptibletoinfection
and that certain organs. particularly
sexual organs. function better
depending on how after they are
used. Armstrong also stated that it is
difﬁcult tojudge how poor an elderly
person‘s condition is until stress is
imposed.

How does the elderly person han-
dle yadual decreases in function of
some of his organs and impending
death. and how can others helpthem
copc'l Armstrong felt that most

students. faculty. and nurses were
afraid of. and inexperienced with,
aging and dying.

She asked the audience to try to
think oftt minor loss. such usthat of
a watch. She mentioned that the loss
of ti watch wilS not quite the same (is
the losses the aged must cope with
but people are always losing things
both major and minor. in either
case. the person might be angry at
himself. feel guilty. become depress-
ed. hostile. or preoccupied with his
loss as he becomes aware ofthe loss.
The individual. depending on the
degree of loss. might become less ef~
ﬁcicnt in his daily routine and
withdraw from others. while he goes
through the grieving process. which
Armstrong deﬁnes as gradually
coming to terms with the loss.

Possible Losses

Some losses brought up by
Armstrong were loss of a spouse. a
child moving away. loss caused by a
physical illness. and retirement and
related problems. The aged often
fear these problems and respond to

them in it variety of ways such as an
attempt to compensate for. accept.
complain, changethcir outlook. and
limit themselves with respect tothcir
problems.

Armstrong pointed out that one of
these losses might give an elderly
person experience in dealing with
future losses and that there is a cer-
tuin amount of gain with losses.
Perhaps this can help a patient deal
with a more signiﬁcant loss later on.

Booth. “The standards can't be
translated across national boun-
daries.“ Although they each have
their favorable aspects. he explain-
ed, they should not bejudged bythe
same standards.

Booth said he sticks to his theory
of pluralism in spite of its “logical in-
ttdcquacies." He cited three reasons
for his stubborn commitment:
critical vitality. critical justice. and
understanding.

Critical justice and vitality are
what Booth calls the best defenses
against irresponsible criticism. Ac—
cording to him. it “keeps the
dialogue going" through the excep-
tunts of many different views. Booth
secs understanding as an effort to
“penetrate another‘s psyche." He
claims that people are always striv-
ing for understanding. However. “no
tw0 niindsrever meet completely.“ if
they did, says Booth, they would
have nothing to talk about.

Booth concluded with a fun-
damental explanation of why he
believes in pluralism. “The world
that made you and me able to take
part in rhetorical changes at all was.
after all. a world of many centers.“
he said. “And it was in honoring a
plurality of valid centers and taking
those centers fully into our own
centers of beingthat we have reached
whatever richness of life we now may
have."

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

