  

   
 
     
   

 

 

 

....—.A»_.«.~M..a.-\ _.,-. ,..a.....n._l.z,,.,..c- _< Nassau I ~ <

-s.a.~._ ,. .. .. .a..~._\w~\-

 

0 ,. «J‘s-x.- ...W~.M a,»

 

Tn  .N ~27 “Nos/twig A.

 

Lug;

 

nteyrpom'fr’ r ‘-

 

hy Finals-Ira}; ‘ I _
Halftieythroughhishnt year in ofﬁce.

President'Eninsett ﬁelds is coming under fire
from a growing numb“ d faculty‘ and
students. My  is that the critical chorus,

will  still louder ind more discordant

a'e thejaontours cf the President's plan for
salvaging- this university emerge from his
statements and concrete decisions. Already it
seems clear that the priorities which command
his greatest attention are not those which have
been the most, conspicuous in SUNYA‘s
development during the past decade or more.
Although there was always a master plan. no
one paid much attention to. it here. Our
development proceeded helter-skelter as new
schools. departments, and programs
sprouted. The facade of a graduate center was
erected, like a Hollywood movie set, but insuf-
ﬁcient care was given to the rest of the struc-
ture. Nowthe facade is being ripped away by
State-appointed outside evaluators, and
SUNYA ﬁnds itself in deep trouble.

Yet. when at long last a president is brought
in who appears determined to make of
SUNYA what it was always meant to be, he
comes under increasing f rie from a sizable seg-
ment of the community. Recent issues of the
ASP have served as vehicles of some of these
assaults, and more is likely to come. A
student columnist pokes fun at the '
President‘s policy of applying national stan-
dards of quality to faculty tenure decisions.
An anonymous correspondent without the
courage of his somewhat muddled
convictions—he must protect his “position in
the university"-—accuscs the President of tak-
ing such an “irresponsible approach to the un-

inteyatlon“ whose authority must be replaced
by faculty leadership. “Excellence in a univer-
sity must be nurtured carefully,” and‘only the
faculty cando that, asserts Mr. Anonymous.
He concedes that the faculty and their
organizations have never succeeded in rising
above their petty feuds and rivalries in the
past. but he knows neverthelessthatonlytheir
committed leadership and dedication to quali-
ty can save us now. _.

Meanwhile. twenty-one members of the
English faculty commit their autographs to a
communication which maintains that the
President‘s intention to revive the .Ph. D.
proyam in their discipline "threatens the
quality of undergraduateeducatipn" and must
be abandoned in favor of a Doctor 'of Arts
program emphasizing teaching rather than
scholarship. The President, theysay. means to
hire some ﬁve renowned scholars at a cost of
$200,000 and pay for them by ﬁring up to
twelve non-tenured junior faculty. This could
mean the loss of 32 courses from the English
curriculum as Well as the demoralization of
tenured faculty members “dedicated to good
underyaduate teaching." This f olly. they con-
clude, will sacriﬁce “educational excellence”
for national prestige. ln conscience. they can-

‘ not remain silent.

One can readily sympathize with the
worried twenty-one, more than half of whom
are non-tenured, while the rest remain
dedicated to the level of quality which
characterized the teachers college from which
SUNYA sprang. To accept their argument,
however, would be to abandon the struggle to
turn SUNYA intothe graduate center it is sup-
posed to be. And this is the factor which all of

iversiiy“ that he has become a “ v rophet of dis- the recent critics of President Fields would like

FREE RDmISSlON
VRRSlTY INN
TONIGHT

Willi ill/5 Al)

AND SUNY

Year Program, Fall Term
Term only

Junoirs and seniors eligible

requirement.)

Financial aid available

‘ i
. r
l
i
i

 . Ilium,in .

 

Brandeis University, The Jacobi
Hlait Institute In Israel

Earn 16 credits for the semester

Applications now being accepted for Fall and Year
programs, 1976-77: DUE March 15. (No language

Applications for Spring program due November 15.
(Beginning knowledge of Hebrew required.)

Obtain INFORMATION FROM:
The Jacobi Hieti Institute
Oiilce of international Programs
Brandeis University
Weltham, Mass. 02154

 

(PresidentFieldSOndISUNYA as a“ Grad

us to forget. Unless and_until weare demoted
the the status of a university college in the
SUNY system, our mission is to become a
graduate center in fact as well as in name.
Hundreds of millions of dollars have been ex-
pended over the past dozen years to build an
impressive campus as well as an adequate
quantity of faculty, students, and courses. but
we have yet to build the quality expected in a
ﬁrit-rate or even a second-rate university!
Why this is sois all too aptly illustrated bythe
pathetic communication of the twenty-one.

Their arguments contain a number of basic
misunderstandings or fallacies. When they
wish to abandon Ph.D. work in favor of in-
novative programs and excellence in un-
dergraduate teaching, they misunderstand the
nature of a SUNY graduate center, whose
primary mission is graduate-level training.
They are dead wrong when they maintain, by
direct implication, that high-quality doctoral
programs erode excellence on the un-
dergraduate level. They are both wrong and
presumptuous when they claim that the ter-
mination of some ofthem in favor of the ap-
pintment of productive scholars threatens the
quality of undergraduate teaching. Are
productive scholars incapable of excellent un-
dergraduate teaching? Are non-productive
scholars whose sole contribution is to teach
ipsofacla excellent teachers? ‘

For that matter, is the quality of un-
dergraduate training determined by the
number of courses by definition the best
program in the university? Folly, it seems to
me, is to answer these questions in the affir-
mative. in fact, i would venture to saythatthe
quality of a good number of undergraduate
programs at SUNYA would be improved bya

uote Center

reduction or consolidation of courses and a
judicious combination of faculty terminations
and appointments. The latter, clearly, is a
necessary prerequisite for the salvay’ng of
those of our PhD. programs which can be
salvaged. ‘

Another necessary prerequisite, I would
suggest. is the creation of a clearly designated
graduate faculty, who alone would be respon-
sible for curriculum and personnel recommen-
dations on that level. My guess is that such a
division will eventually be forced upon us by
the Central Administration if we fail to effect
it ourselves. Or can anyone imagine that the
radical upgrading of the English department's
Ph.D. program which lies ahead can be ac-
complished by the votes of the twenty-one ob-
jectors? v

1 do not presume to know what is in the
President's mind, but his close scrutiny of re-
cent tenure cases indicates to me that he is on
the right track. A university is no better than
its faculty, and ours is not good enough to
make us a creditable graduate school. if Presi-
dent Fields intends to lead us toward that es-
sential credibility. he deserves the support of
all those who respect quality in both
scholarship andteaching and believeinthc un-
iversity‘s mandated mission as a graduate
center. This is the time forthem tocome out of
their studies and involve themselves in the
larger issues of SUNYA‘s future. We are not
dead yet. but i doubt that we will get another
opportunity to turn ourselves into what we
should have become long ago.

 

H. Petcr K roshy is a Professor of History here
at SUN YA.

 

Le Cerclc Francois is sponsoring a trip to... i

Montreal!

 

iD
illiit'!

 

LEAVES CIRCLE
Fri. March 26, 3:00
RETURNS

Sun. March 28. 10:00

$35.00 without

 

 

$30.00 with tax..

INCLUDES
ROUND-TRIP
TRANSPOR-
TATION

A N D
HOTEL

 

 

 

 

Tickets sold in Campus Center lobby
March 23, 25, 26, 27 10 am to 2 pm

lulnlrd hr srmlrrrl utilisation

 

 

 

 

only, or Spring

 

 

. Everyone interested
1n being an

MC
for Telethon ‘76“

(whether you've
filled out a form or not)

 

  
 
 

There is an important meeting in
CC Ballroom 8:30 March 24 (Tues)

Parker her! cute a night oil the be

possession oi this loose be! in the tint hell.
erde collecting 10 rebounds.

    

   
 

",iir‘ ~"

Aliﬂd FloorHockey Teams inFuIISwmg

byjen Goldman

The day began with a rout and
ended the same way but saw a lot of
nip and tuck hockey alongthe way.

in the opener, the Whalers made
Something Special realize that they
should have stayed in bed, as they
coasted to a 6—1 victory. Mike
Razenhoffer and Brad Seid each had
two for the Whalers.

Pit trounced Roratuscas 7—1
after Rick Mackey of Roratuscas
opened the game with an early goal.
Steve Klein had the hat trick and
Bob Skelly had a goaland an assist.

In the night-cap. the Spinners shut
out Gunther 5—0 with Jim Swanson
scoring his 3 goals in the third

period.

The Colonials beat Poke‘s Pucks
ft—l with Jay Wasserman register-
rngtwo goals. Sam Berg hadthelcne
score for the Pucks.

The Mother Puckerstookthe lead
1—0 in the second period on is Brian
Riggs goal. but the Fellas‘ Jack
Feinberg tied it up in the same
period. in the third. the Fellas con-
sistent scorer. Jim lacona, put in the
game wrnner.

Scoreless Tie

STB and thc Chuckles battled to a
scoreless tic as neither team could
ﬁnd the net.

The Dukes edged out BVD 3—2.
with two third period goals. one by

 

PARTY...

Fri. Feb. 20th

$1.00-guys

COLONIAL 'QUAD U- LOUNGE

10 Kegs

Dance to Disco Sounds
Courtesy of: Tech Hi Fi

ID’s will be checked

9:00 -1:00

$. 25-girls

 

And pleasantly rewarded.

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 20, 1976

 

FEBRUARY 20, 1976

ﬁR/IDUAIIGIN

ID/llf.

  

CLEAR UP YOUR FUTURE iN THE 2-YEAR AFROTC PROGRAM.

What's up after college? That question is enough to
get a lot of young people down.

Air Force ROTC college graduates have that worry,
too. But their immediate future (and longer if they choose)
is much more secure. As a commissioned officer, there’s a
8006 lob . . . .Travel.Graduata level education. Promotions.
Financial security. And really. lots more.

If you have two academic years remaining, there's a
arcat 2-year AFROTC program still available to you. Look
into the details. We think you'll be pleasantly surprised.

Colonel Robert L. Crelne
A! I nc itrn 3" Pill
Phonc 270-028

Put it all together in Air Force ROTC.

 

 

Bill Stech and the other by Kevin
Mayer. it was a seesaw battle with
Mark Silverberg opening the game
with a DVD goal.

into The Fire sneaked past the
Kings. 1—0, with Dean Leventman
scoring the game winner at 12:55 of
the second period,

Nanooks Win

The Nanooks beat TMS 2—1.
Steve Katz and Steve Greenwald ac-
counted for all the scoring for the
Nanooks with each getting a goal
and the other‘s assist. Tim Burton
scored for TMS in thethird, buiihat
was all they could manage.

Finally, the Kanigits received a
forfeit win over Waterbury. Were
the busscs off schedule?

The AMlA Pinball Tournament
will be held February 24. Tuesday.
from 12:00 to 6:00 in the Bowling
Alley. Play now through the 24th
and all proceeds go to Telethon.

which consists

plates.

----------------

I The Cardinals immediately went
on a 12—4 spurt with Greenland

Parker collecting four poiras apiece.

as the visitors saw their lead climb to

‘ 53—44.

Cesare and Audi kept muselingin,
however, and managed to steal sfew
rebounds and buckets to keep the
Danes close. But it was not umil that
fateful jump ball that they reallyhad
a chance.

Wright ﬁnished as topscorer with
25 points on Io of is from the floor
whileRoyal did not score at all in the
second half and ﬁnished with 16.
Cesare was the Danes' top point-
‘getter with 19 while also pulling

'live playe‘rsin doublefigi'a'.

 
 
  
  

  

 
 

m. was roasting-tenet '

    

 
 

season” mark I .
“We have to work like hell to stay
above  now.” said the,_coeeh.‘
“We'll be underdogs in 
we play, except New Pele. We'll be
favored in that one.” , - '
Tomorrow night the Danes travel
to Ioekport and can playthe role (I
spoilers. With the conference crown
virtually inaccessible. till may be
the only roleleft forthe Daneatofill.

 

‘ Open Letter From President Fields

After the SUNYA~Siena basketball game last Saturday, it was reported
to me that some of our students had given offense to the crowd with vulgar
banners and cheers. investigation makes it clearto methat such incidents did
occur and were indeed as offensive as ﬁrst reported. I reyet deeply the
deplorable conduct of these individuals. This display of crudity offended the
sensibilities not only of members of the general public. but also of the many
more university students, faculty, and staff who were there to enjoy the
game. and i feel apologetic for the university. We are taking steps to
encourage decorum and good taste at athletic events so that no such incidents

occur again.

Exciting athletic contests seem to bring out the best and the worst in
human beings. and we note similar incidents elsewhere in both amateur and
professional sports. Misbehavior of others does not excuse us, however. The
Dean of Students is talking with the offending parties so that they may
beneﬁt from a larger view of the effects their acts have on other people.
Thoughtless insensitivity is the key to the problem. and we have an
educational responsibility in this regard.

I have directed the staff to take the initiative immediately with responsible
student leaders. coaches, and team members to develop a spectator code of
ethics which will apply at all intercollegaite athletic contests held on this
campus. The university is a commmunity institution, and all guests on the
campus should be assured that standards of decency are observed at all

public events.

 

SAVE THE ASP!

Don't throw this copy away!

 

 

 

l
l
l
l
l
l
l
Monday, Feb. 23 l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l

Ruth Lehrer, printmaker and curator,
will lecture on the contents of the
Alverthorpe Print Collection on

at 11 aim. in EA. 126

Ms. Lehrer is a curator for the National
Gallery of Art in Washington D. C. and
for the Alverthorpe Collection in Phila.,
of 27,000 etchings.
lithographs. relief prints and original

Iumlcrl Iu- rlrrrlr'lll urn-11mm"

L----------------J

[011131119 l3? Will}

Emmett B. Fields

Oneonta Beats
Women Capers

by Christine Bellini

"Our team is a bit inexperienced,"
said Oneonta coach Barbara
Blodgett before the Red Dragons
'women's team defeated Albany, 65-
33 Tuesday in University Gym.

But the visitors had a substantial
height advantage which made the
difference.

“When you're up against height
like that and you manage to get 33
percent of your rebounds and tie up
the brill as much as we did." said
coach Barbara Palm, “youj ust can't
complain."

Oneonta gained control ofthe ball
early and was never headed.

Mary Ann Crotty led Albany
with 15 points. but the women's
record dropped to l~9. with their
home finale Tuesday against
llartwick.

11711113110113 11113013

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22

LC—7

$1.25 w/out tax cord

sponsored by Tennis Team

‘ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

75‘ WIND: cond

 

' hawhatreellyiisattersist 

Denamustwinatleasttlieetokeepf'
Coach Sauers’ "margarin- ’

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
  

  

    
 

 
     

 
     
 

 

      
   
      
     
     
   
 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

