 

 

 

uatet

which had especially high pets or
. . . lg}. _,
0
' 1' od of.me cuts. the Task
Force believed'thalfefihe small number of internal

position transfers it recommended are critically

important iftbe University is to realize its role as a
ee‘tIer with prop-ms of national quality. Our
recommendation for I977-7B. which reﬂect further
internal reallocation of resources. are a second step
in that direaion. '

Autitcrrtslrlpr—Support for graduate students
through aseistantshlps and fellounhipe is vital tothe
quality of graduate programs. The Task Force has
recomnrended that up to four faculty lines be
divided into teaching assistantships. Tltis

recommendation (which repeats a similar one by .

last year‘s Select Comntittee). is justiﬁed on several
wounds. First. external sources of graduate
assistantships have shrunk signiﬁcantly and many
capable graduate students on the campus are badly
in need of support. Secondly. several graduate
programs desperately need additional student
support in order to bringthcir graduate enrollment
up to a more viable level. Third. the proportion of
full time graduate students supported at Albany is
signiﬁcantly lower than the national average.
Fourth. SUNY-Albany has divided only 23 faculty
lines into teaching assistantships compared to 40 at
Binghamton and 70 at both Buffalo and Stony
Brook. This tends to raise Albany‘s instructional
cost and lower its student I faculty ratio compared to
the other Centers. making Albany more vulnerable
to future mandated reductions in faculty lines.
Lastly. Albany's previous unwillingness to create
teaching assistant positions from faculty lines has
been interpreted externally as a lack of commitment
to graduate education.

Longer Term Ettecte

While it addressed a number of issues in the
context of very immediate considerations. the Task
Force also had a responsibility to grapple with
longer term concerns as well. If it had contented
itself with a set of recommendations which would
have allowed the ﬁscal strains of I97b-77 to simply

diffuse. it would have failed in its most elementary
responsibility and silently supported the inevitable
weakening of this University Center.

During the years of rapid growth in the l960‘s.
SUNYA moved forward in a wide variety of
directions in the full expectation that most of these
efforts would devcloptoalevel ofcxcellcnce ifgiven
sustained attention and above all a continuing high
level of resource support. Evenin the early I970's.
new programs were mounted often with meager
resources and limited staff capability.

Contrasted to this era of expansion is the period
of diminishing ﬁscal support which began in I970.
In the ensuing ﬁve years. SUNY-Albany absorbed
an increase of l2% in F'I‘E students (an increase of
20'}. at the graduate level). In the same period this
University also had to absorb a decrease in
instructional faculty positions of 2% and a similar

reduction in non-instructional positions of 3%.
During these years the University attempted to
accomodate change by distributing resource
reductions broadly with a minimum of rcallocations
in response to changes in enrollment patterns. and
attempted to perpetuate and sustain essentially all
programs on the campus.

Today. in an era of ﬁnancial stringency. this
linitcrsity ﬁnds itself with large numbers of
undergraduates and graduate programs of fine
quality and even a few for which it can fairly claim
nauonul eminence. Thistime alsofinds us withsomc
programs of limited quality or ones which are
stalled at such marginal levels that there cart be little
realistic hope ofthcirdcvclopment into programs of
quality.

Moreover. as with other universities across this
country. the enrollment levels inthe various parts of
this University buvcshlftcd steadily and markedly in
the last five years. Today some programs simply do
not attract sufficient students to warrant continuing
thcm. Programs of exceptional merit or importance
can and should bcsustaincd even with rclutivclylow
enrollments. although there must be ultimate limits
here as well. but programs of marginal quality
cannot expect to be immune to the consequences of
low demand.

With the issuance ofthc Select Committee Report
in I975. SUNY-Albuny took its ﬁrst systematic and
campus-wide view of its academic programs. The
Select Committee concluded that: “ . . . this
University Center cannot cuntinucto attempt a full
speed "horizontal development" on all levels. It
simply cannot do everything at once and do it well
. . . We must become much more selective in our
goals and wisely choose among the options
available. We must also make prudent decisions
about the relative speed with which programs can he
developed on this campus.

“These decisions are not required simply because
of the exigencies of ﬁnancial pressures. but also
because of the responsibility of this University to
itself and to the larger community. No institution
cart possibly be all things to all people. It bcst fulfills
its missions by articulating its goals and organizing
Its resources in ways which optimize the attainment
of those goals. Programs vary in quality and this
University has a duty tosupport only those that tire
of the highest calibre. SUNY~AIbany has tltc
responsibility of supporting needed programs
through a developmental period to the extent that it
is possible, but ﬁnally. programs which are not

central to its mission. which have demonstrated an
inability to operate effectively. or which have not
met the test of quality. must give way to programs
which can meet those tests."

As a result of the Select Committee's report and

existing ﬁscal pressures. some program alterations

PAGE 2A

' eularly um
eh mantra“: the Urduveirlsllt s,

 

 

, number‘of programs in
deacri '

bed earlier or It

- programs which do not'meet them will be penalized

and restrained:
Addtlond c e

The Task Force has made a set of
recommendations relative to the course of
development on this.campus for the nextfew years.
Obviously. during that period many factors will
change and the views expressed here will have to be
modiﬁed. It is imperative that the work began bythe
Select Committee last year and expanded by the
Task Force this year to include all units and services
on this campus by continued by appropriate youps.

The Task Force was constituted by President
Fields to be broadly representative of various
elements of this campus and was chiefly made up of
persons drawn from various governance bodies.
Though two of the original I5 members found it
necessary to withdraw before we completed our
work. the Task Force represented a wide diversity of
experience and views which we found to be
particularly valuable. We believe that future
resource planning groups should encompass a
similar range of backgrounds and perceptions.

At the outset the Task Force recognized the
awkwardness of a situation in which its members
would be asked to rate their own programs in
relation to others. and we wisbto record our efforts
to produce a report of integrity. Among the steps
taken to confront the conﬁict-of—intercst issue were
the following. no member was permitted to vote on
evaluations or priorities of his or her program and
each member was excused from the conference
room while the remaining Task Force members
discussed his or her programs. evaluated it and
assigned it a priority. The Task Force realized that
no group can escape legitimate concern about the
objectivity of its decision making. We can only say
that we took every rcasotrable measure to insure
that programs were neither penalized nor rewarded
because of the presence of a given Task Force
member.

With respect to its role in relation to the
University Administration. the Task Force from
time to time met with the President to discuss his
views and receive his comments. Further. we
examined preliminary budgetary and stafﬁng
documents. and the data on which they had been
based. which had been developed bythe University
Administration as well as a report to the President

by a committee from the Council of Deans. All this 4.

information plus the information which .was
received by the Task Force members from a variety
of other sources was considered inthc Task Force‘s
deliberations. But in the ﬁnal analysis. the Task
Force's decisions Were its own.

Final recommendations were hammered out in
hours of hard debate among Task Force members.
Many of the decision were carried unanimously.
others were adopted despite the dissent of some
individuals and a few were carried by a close
majority vote of the Task Force. ’I'houghindividuul
members of the Task Force. to one degree or
another. may not concur with portions of this
report. it represents in its most fundamental and
important respects the combined views of all the
members of the Task Force.

It should be clear that the last month was a
demanding onc for the Task Force members. It was
a somber and at times painful montlt as well; each
member of the Task Force was fully aware ofsornc
of the possible consequences of these
recommendations and each had to put aside
pcrsottul considerations. as muclt as possible. in
trying to achieve fair and humane decisions which
were equal to the needs of this University today and
in the following years. The Task Force was called
upon by the I’rcsidcttt ofthc University to give otrr
best efforts in recommending priorities. We have
tried. wtthin the limits oftimc and our abilityand
our wisdom to prodtrce tr report of merit. We pass it
on to other colleagues for their rcvicw and similar
moment of responsibility.

 

GENERAL SUMMARY OF
RECOMMENDATIONS
Faculty and Academic Programs

As indicated earlier. the Task Force ltad to locate
at least 33 faculty lines which would be terminated
by the State in I97fr-77 (six in the previously on-
nounccd Executive Budget). In addition. $565,000
had to be cut in this area. although some of these
funds could be secured from other categories
provided they could be located. The summary table
at the end of this section indicates that the Task
Force was able to hold faculty cuts very close to lhc
level mandated by the State by imposing somewhat
heavier cuts in other areas. even though they were
not mandated. artd by several technical ad-
justmenls.

But the Task Force was required to go further
than simply usxigrting cuts among the departments
who happened to have openings because of con-
tracts or terms expiring in 1976-77. It had to make
decisions which the Task Force believes would
result in important changes on this campus: changes
which the Task Force believes would result in a
stronger and more effective University Center.

Recommendations were made to shift. over the
next few years. faculty resources from some of the
professional schools. the Division of Humanities.
and the Division of Science and Muthcmutlcstothe
Division of Social Sciences and to other
professional schools. Workload inequities alone
justify such a rcdlstribution. The Dlvirion of

o hoolararei even lti- s ..
nosing a dcﬁclt«of’25 aculty .

.5 alone
While simple averaging about beblzliu y

ms) on the

clearly in-

Irandieapped the

west“ \, iadlty-student imbalances. are also

those with . high potential for white roller

research—one of the several criteria of concern to
the Task Force. .

Note should be taken of the recommendations
affecting the School of Education.the.oldest unit on
this campus and one with a drsttngrusbcd hrstorY-
The Task Force concluded that contemporary
societal and educational trends requrre.tbat the
School reduce its emphasis on teacher trarnrng and
concentrate more on its excellent Valium
programs in other areas. The major steps toward
reorganization which have already been undertaken
by the School are quite congruent With this
emphasis.

Beyond workload concerns. the Task Force made
hard decisions about programs which for a com-
bination of reasons—low demand. highcost. low
centrality. marginal quality—required drrtunutron
or even termination. What would be the academic
proﬁle of this University in threetoﬁve years if the
Task Force recommendations were adopted? No
one can predict with accuracy what program trends
will dcvclop at SUNY-Albany. Events on and off
this campus will provide not only new challenges
but new opportunities. But even allowing for
change. if the Task Forccs' rccommendatiom were
fully implemented in three or four years. this Un-
iversity. at a minimum. would have a series of
superior programs distributed somewhat as follows:
Humanities: Four programs awarding Doctoral.
Master. and Bachelors degrees; six awarding the
Masters and Bachelors; three the Bachelors and at
least four interdisciplinary second ﬁeld programs.
Social and Behavioral Sciences: Five programs with
Doctoral. Master and Bachelors degrees. three with
the Masters and Bachelors and two Bachelors
programs.

Science and Mallrematltu: Six programs awarding
the Doctoral. Masters. and Bachelors degree and
one awarding the Master and Bachelor degree.
School of [St/um! n: A variety of programs at the
Certiﬁcate. Mastc s. and Bachelors level and offer-
ing both the Pb. and the Ed.D. degree.

Other Holt-.rsionu Schools: Three programs awar-
ding thc degrees a the doctoral and masters level
with one of these tffering a bachelor degree: three
schools offering masters degrees. two of which also
offer bachelors degrees. and one college offering a
wide variety of course to part-time and non-degree
students.

Facultyﬁuapon =

Budgeted facultyisuppott was-targeted in the
l97b—77 Executive Budgctforarcduction of 28 F’I'E
positions at an annual cost of 5359300. This
category includes a few ofﬁces such as the Office of
Graduate Studies and personnel such as: Dean.
Assistant Dean. Chairperson. Assistant to
Chairperson. Technical Specialists.
StcnographichlcricaI. and Graduate Assistants.

In its reviews of this area. the Task Force observ-
cd. among others. theifollowing conditions:

a) Smaller Academic Unlts~Thcrc appear to he
dcﬁnitc economics of scale. and larger units have cf-
Iicicnt staffing ratios. Small departments with
below live or six faculty members should share
secretarial personnel.

b) Professional and Graduate Schools 7 - The
Schools on tltc whole have lower faculty/clerical
ratios than the College of Arts and Sciences. Within
limits. the more ample stufﬁng isjustificd on two
grounds. First. these schools support their own IILI-
missions. transfer credit. dcgrcc clcurancc and other
ltrnctions which the Office of (Iraduatc Studies per-
forms for the College of Arts and Sciences. Second-
ly. most of the schools have a proportionately larger
graduate cotnponcnt. requiring more support.

cl Science and Mathematics A The support need-
cd for the more technically oriented programs
appears ttr be grcatcr than in other programs. The
purchase and maintenance of special supplies and
equipment and the operation of the many scientiﬁc
facilities require a morcamplc staffinthls Division.

The Task Force noted three changes in particular
that might mtrkcrnorc cfﬁcicttt use of resources. and
we urge further udminslrativc review to investigate
other possible changes:

a) The graduate admissions. transfer credit. ttnd
dcgrcc clearance functions which are pcrformcd
separately in each school should be consolidated in
whole or in part with some savings irr resources.

h) To maximize the use of secretarial and
stcnogtuphic resources. the Task Force encourages
the development of divisional and school pooling
arrangements.

c) We recommend the elimination ofthc position
of assrstunt to the chairperson. Onlylncases wherea
department can show u cotnpclling need for such a
posrtton should the administration consider its
l’CSiUTDIIOn.

Recognizing that a faculty/clerical norm of ap-
proximately fIvcto one is used nationally by campus
planners. the Task Force tried to move schools and
drvrstons closer to that nortn. wltilc taking into ac.
count the special needs of various units. In doing so
we also attempted to balance variance between ad:
tnrnstrative needs and resources. The Task Force
also recommended that one professional and three
classified lines be moved from the administrative
departments under the Vice President for Manage-
ment and l’lanningto the area of l and DR Stt port
Admlnletratlve and Other Support Funct one‘

l he Task Force's review of university ad.
mtnrstratrve and support funcitons. operations and
servtce functions led to a much deeper understan.
ding ofthc complex rcsponrlbllltics which are In-
eluded to these areas than most of us had when we
began our work. Although It It frequently assumed
that ‘the udmrnrrtration' and service areas are the
Plum"! sources of overstafﬁng. our review In.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

r 

bl t n. I arias where Isrpr numbers or
on are cropland (maintenance. janitorial)
Albaerltre stafﬁngpetterns follow standard State
guid net for square feet of space malntained.ete,

In the Student Affairs area. with I46 Frans",
there are peaks and valleys in workload. and overall
stafﬁng costs appear to be slightly higher than at
other SUNY University terriers. ,

Despite its _ eondraion that the llafflng
levels of administrative and service functions are. in
most cases. within expected ranges. the Task Force
recognizesthst sizeable reductions must be made.
The Task Force met the speciﬁc cuts mandated by
the Executive Budget and recommended further
reductions In order to giveinternal reallocation fch-
ibilily for the future and in order to preserve as
many dollars as possible to offset deﬁcits in the in-
structional and Departmental Research category.

In order to maximize utilization of resources in
the future. we have recommended studies of the
reorganization. merger. or internal restructuring of
some administrative units. These recommendations
have particular importance in Student Affairs. The
responsibilities included in the Student Services
budget category include a large number of activities,
programs and services which respond to a variety of
student needs and groups. The importance of these
responsibilitles f ally recognized bythe Task Force.
but. with suchacomplex set of functions there is. in-
evitably. some overlap of programs and activities.

The entire Student Affairs organization has been
under study and review for the past several months.
with considerable internal self-study effort already
expended. Several alternatives for reorganization
are currently under consideration. The Task Force
reviewed the alternatives. but did not take a specific
position on them. Further study and deliberation 1s
obviously needed. but we are encouraged by the care
and strength of purpose already evident in the cf-
forts underway.

The Task Force recommends that an i ndepcndc nI
review of the reorganization plan developed for lht‘
Ofﬁce of Student Affairs be undertaken to ensure
that the highest quality services are provided for
students at reasonable cost levels within Slate
guidelines.

Our recommendations for many of the sc \icc
functions in the Management and Planningarcunrc
motivated primarily by the mandated reductions by
category in the Executive Budget and by a general
view that an across-the-board consolidation of ap-
proximately ﬁve pcrccnt should not work undue
hardship.

In virtually all admistrative areas the Task Force
identiﬁed potential for savings through Increased
use of automated equipment and procedures and
more widespread pooling of secretarial personnel.
In many instances. our recommendations assume
that efﬁciencies can be obtained. particularly alter
a year or so of planning. and reductions are
suggested accordingly.

Flee-I and.l!pelllon Summary

’l'ublc'III is a summary of the results of the lush
Force's recommendations for l976—77. It should he
noted that it does not contain the six faculty
positions which had to be eliminated because oI a
base budget reduction imposed prior to the fix-
ccutivc (iuldclinc reductions. Tltc Task Force made
speciﬁc recommendations in regard to those
positions as it did with respect to all the positions In-

dicatcd below.
[see Table III]

It will be noted that the Task Force's recommen-
dations were approximately SI 10.000 short of the
dollar amount required iii the faculty category and
SI0.000 less than the required Icch in thc Itrctlll)
support category. These shortfalls occurcd t:\t.‘n
after the Task Force identiﬁed four additional lucul-
ty lines which must remain unfunded in I97fr771n
order for the University to meet the tnoncy cuts
mandated in the Executive Budget.

In order to meet these dollar deficits. tltc Task
Force imposed somewhat heavier cuts than num-
dtttcd in the remaining categories. Ily combining
lltcscsuvlngs with funds frtrm temporary scrvtcc and
by anticipating some additonal savings through
such devices as employing pcrsonncl at a somewhat
lower rate than budgeted. the “20.000 dcficil not
met. If the Administration can dcvclop IIItII'L'
savings in [976-77. the four faculty IIIlc‘v
recommended to he held vnctrnt could he landed.
bringing our faculty complement to its autluni/cd
level of 753 positions and permitting some of [he
I977-7ll allocations recommended by the lask
Force to be accelerated.

‘

SECTION II
ACADEMIC PROGRAM
RECOMMENDATIONS
Dlvlelon of Humanllles

The Task Force viewed the Division of
llumanltics with uspccial regard and dccpconccrn.
Numbered among its programs arcsomc ofthc most
central to the mission of this University.
contributingin a variety of ways to its cultural life.
Yet the Division is confronted by several serious
problems.

I. Enrollments in the Humanities Dcparttncntsat
Albany (as elsewhere In the country) have declined
rather steadily over the past ﬁve years. For example.
the Division‘s llill full-timefacultysuperviseonly‘l7
doctoral students. and tltc demand by majors is
declining or at most’ is stable irr most of thc
bachelors. masters. and doctoral programs. livcn
though Fl'E enrollments have shown some modest
increases in the current year. the Divisionas a whole
still has a low faculty/student ratio. Applyitltl II":
State's formulae (which allocate faculty resources
according to the FTE enrollment by level of
Instruction) to this Division indicates that it has 34
more faculty members than ls warranted. Even
allowing for special needs of disciplines within the
Drvtslon, the number of facultyls clcurlyexccssivc.

2- Given the Importance of the humanities to u

liberal arts education. overstuffed departments

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

 

 

 

 

could be acre-titer _
quality. Urdonunstely. our review ‘as
the l975§clectCornml, g llcelcdtolbdcondtilontbal
only a few of the eleven aduete departments Inthe
division excelled in q ty when measured against
natronal standards of scholarship. .

3. The Division contains a proliferation of
administrative sub-divisions. The 35 degree
programs are coordinated by I3 departmental
structures. six of these containing fewer than ten
faculty rrrembers. Not only does this fragmentation
Increase the problem and costs of administration,
but resources appear to be spread too thinly.
especrally at the graduate level. Few if any of the
graduate programs have an adequate number of
asststantships. andthe Library holdingsforsupport
of graduate programs are only adequatevin most
areas. The Division is overextended with respect to
the resources available and is trying to do too many
drfferent things at once. It must consolidate and
preserve areas of strength if it is to continue to play
the Important role which it must In the University
Center.

The Task Force came to the reluctant conclusion
that the faculty resources of several departments in
the Division would have to be reduced and
reallocated. Our hope is that some of the resources.
especially graduate assistantships. freed by
termination of programs may be shifted within the
Division to ensure the viability of ' '
programs which have stronger potential.
Accordingly. we have recommended the
termination of three Ph. D. programs. three masters
programs. and three bachelors programs in the
Humanities and the reduction of approximately
twelve faculty lines in I976-77 and approximately
ﬁve in I977-7Ii.

We also recommend that the Division explore
new combinations of departmental structures to
better administer its programs. Departments which
retain doctoral programs should receive the highest
priority for graduate student support and library
resources.

Concerning faculty (I & DR) support. the
Humanities Division is understaffed by both
campus and national standards. and we
recommend. therefore. that the Division retain all
but one of the clerical positions currently allocated
to it. Implementing this recommendation will move
the Humanities Faculty/Classiﬁed ratio closer to
the other Divisions. To make maximum use of
stcnographic resources. we recommend that this
Division. like the others. develop pooling
arrangements to ameliorate the problems ofuneven
work Ilow among departments.

The performing arts require larger than average
staffing among professional personnel. and should
be carefully examined to determine the need for
existing staff in view of University priorities. We
believe that the Division could be reduced by at least
one NTl' linc overthc next twoyears without undue
hardship.

Department of Art: Art Rletory

The Select Committee in l975recommendedthat
the Art History M.A. hesuspcndcd. ltidentiﬁcdthc
principal problems inthis department asi equate
resources. limited student quality and dissension
and disorganization within the faculty. The student
demand for majors in this program Is declining.
Rr't'rmmmrtlulimr: In light of the ﬁnancial
exigencies on this campus. the Task Force
concludes that the Art History program be
terminated. II is not feasible to invest the new
resources which will be required to develop and
sustain a quality department. A small cadre of
faculty may he needed to provide instruction for
Studio Art majors and others. and the Task Force
leaves this judgment to the university
administration.

'I‘crmination of the M.A. and the BA. sequence is
recommended with a reduction of faculty in the
order ot two irt I976-77 and at least two in I977-
|‘)7ll. The need for the retention of any remaining
faculty would be decided by the university
administration. Appropriate reduction in support
personnel and operating resources are also
recommended.

Department of Art: Studio Art

The Select Committee in I975 found the II. A. and
MA. programs in the Studio Art Department
strong. Well conceived and well managed. and we
concur in this evaluation. The faculty is of good
quality. with national visibility in some areas.
Although student enrollments have dropped
rcccntly. the faculty workload remains high.
Rot-ommonda/ion: As the departtncnt appears to be
functioning effectively in its present course. we
recommend no change in resource allocations for
|97fv77 or I977-7ll.

Department or Classlce

'I'Irc Select Committee of I975 viewed the
department as anctioning very well. with good
leadership and morale. and the Task Force concurs
in this evaluation. However. the faculty isofmixcd
quality. and the retirement of a senior professortltls
ycat will remove an important element of scholarly
strength in the department. If a quality Ph.D.
program was to bc mttintuincd. the Task Forcc
believes that this senior position would have to bc
r'cplaccd and another scnior' appointment would he
needed soon in this department. Factors such as
moderate enrollments. low demand for graduates.
the presence of PhD. programs in Classics at other
institutions in state arid the present fiscal restraints
suggest that such an investment is not warranted.
Rt'r'unrmom/alto": In the next several years the
department should maintain its strong 
program and strengthen its M.A. program. The
Task l‘orcc recommends that lltc Ph.D. program tn
Classics be terminated. and one faculty line
rcntovcd in [976-77. Furthcr rcductiotts of faculty
lines may occur in the future. as such lines become
available. Some reduction in graduate
assistanlships should nccompunythetcrmtnatlon of
the advanced degree program.

Department of Comparative and World
Lllerature I

This department's integrative potential for the
foreign language and literature departments has
been apparent for some time. as observed by last
year‘s Select Committee. However. the department
has not been able to provide the leadership
necessary to mount such a program. The faculty "I

FEBRUARY 24. 1976

if they were of exceptional .
wellaathetof‘

Com

the ability of this department. ’ ' » ,

Remittmmde'rlan: In' the view of the Task Fixes.’

the University could not sustain tlde demmem
. I V

without majorsttemlontoraor-atulon sad- ' q
udent'

 price of st Intent
neither feaai e or likely. Thus. we
termination of the BA. and
Comparative literature. with th
line in 1976-77 and the remaining .
78. Secretarial resources should be withdrawn and
reallocated elsewhere.

D ment of In

Assessments of the Departmera of English by a
variety of reviewers indicate a program of mlxed
quality. A number of faculty members have been
desribed as productive and promising and a few‘are
nationally prominent; however. reviewers also
consistently indicate that a sizable number of
faculty are only marginally produtxive. As a result
of these reviews. the PhD in English has not-been
formally re-registered by the State Education
Department. A plan for continuing that degree has
been developed by the University. although tltere is

‘ v “ 'L‘ L ‘ r whetherlt
should be implemented.

The Task Force perceives the English
Department as one of the cornerstones of the
Humanities Division and believes that the Ph.D.
degree inthis discipline is of great importancetothe
Division and to this campus. The Task Force
recognizes the existence of the Doctor of Arts
program within the department. but seesthat degree
as serving tr different purpose and not as as'ubstitute
for the Ph.D.

The Task Force supports the efforts being made
to continue the Ph.D. degree in English. However.
in making its recommendations relative to resource
allocation among the units on this campus. it must
weigh the possibility that the Ph.D. may not be
continued.

Recommendation: The Task Force recommends
that there should be a reduction of approximately
four faculty lines in [976-77 and a proportionate
reduction in supporting resources. in view of the
relatively ample staff and the fact that the
department is not now admitting Ph. D. students. If
a decision is reached by the Trustees to continue the
Ph.D.. additional faculty lines will be required in
I977-78 and beyond. and the Task Force would
support such action. Failing such a decision. this
program should be reviewed for possible further
diminution of faculty lines and an approximate
number of graduate assistantships should be
diverted to programs in this University which do
grant the Ph. D. degree.

Department of French

While the Task Force recognizes the importance
of graduate programs in Ianguagetothe Humanities
Division and to the University. low enrollments and
low demand for‘thc‘gradttal‘es of these progranlir
raise serious questions. Should all Ph. D. programs
in languages be maintained in atime of severe ﬁscal
constraints. or should the number of such programs
be reduced in the hope of strengtheningthe remain-
ing programs? The Task Force sees greater merit in
the latter course.

In the case of the French Dcpartment.tbe Task
Force found a program with effective leadership
and a faculty clearly improved in quality over the
last few years. However. facultyqualityslill remains
quite mixed and there is a real need for superior
scholars to improve the Ph.D. program. Graduate
enrollments are very low. as is the demand for
graduates. The fact that there is at least one strong
Ph. D. program in French elsewhere in the-SUNY
system also complicates the situation.
Reconmrendullon: The Task Force recommends
that the Ph.D. program in French be terminated
gradually over the next few years, and the
department‘s attention turned tothe maintenance of
excellent BA. and MA. programs. There should be
no faculty reductions in I976—77. and a reduction of
approximately two lines in l977-7ll. As the Ph.D.
program is phased out. the number of graduate
assistantships should also be reduced.
Department of Germanic Languages and
Literature

The Select Committee In I975 characterized this
department as among the ﬁnest departments at
SUNY Albany. More recent outside reviews have
once again veriﬁed the high quality ofthis program.
()n the whole. the faculty is quite strong with several
members internationally recognized. Although stu-
dent demand is somewhat low. their quality is good
and their subsequent placement history is quite
satisfactory. The German Department compares
favorable with any in the SUNY system or private
universities In the Northeast.

Rumor/nenrlatiun: The Task Force believes that the
German Department luts an important role to play
in the Humanities Division now and over the next
years. It recommends no immediate change in
resource allocation and hopes that this department
will be able to bring its student ratio closer to the
Campus average so that present faculty resources
cart be Inainttrincd rtnd eventually augmented.
Department of Hlepenlc and Italian: llallan

In I975 the Select Committee recommended con-
ditional continuance ofthc M.A. program pending
a review by the Graduate Academic Council and an
increase in enrollments. While the graduate enroll-
mcnt increased this year to about six students. the
undergraduate FTE dropped by the same amoung.
In terms of cost per completed credit. the Italian
program is amongthc most expensivcinthc Univer-
sity. Moreover. the small enrollment somewhat
restricts the ﬂexibility and range of the program.
The recent external and GAC evaluations suggest
that faculty quality is mixed. and that library
resources are at best adequate. Graduate and un-
dergraduate programs in Italian are offered by at
least seven other institutions in the State (for exam-
ple. Cornell. Vassar. SUNY Binghamton. SUNY
Buffalo), and these may serve existing needs.
Recamntentlatlam The Task Force recommends the
termination of the M.A. and BA. programs In
Italian. with the reduction of one faculty Iirtc In

 

hi , ' . ' W'm
Furt the enrollment treads-re stable'andt

is reasonable demand for' gradtI‘tl. Became of
these fedora the Task Force makes no 
dation to alter the Ph.D. prbun In Spamsb.
However. we do note with some concern references
by oraside reviewers to a history of imtablli'tﬁln
departmental leadership and to adepartmem eh
is ‘tst a crossroads" in its program development. It is
clearly important that the de ment eﬁ‘eaively
channel its efforts in the fttture If It is to maintainitl
programs and present level of resources.
Recommendation: No resource changu are
recommended for 1976-77. There will besnincrease
of 0.67 line in I977 ' " ‘ ‘ number
unit on earn at.
De of Jade emcee '

This relatively new department perforate an im-
porterrt service function to many undergraduate.
and has just begun to offer the BA. degree. The
quality of the facultyis well suited tothere purposu.
and the Task Force supports the department's ef-
forts to serve undergraduate non-majors while
developing its program to attract more new majors
as well.

Recommendation’ The Task Force recommends the
reduction of one line in I976-77. which should
probably be returned to the department in arable-
quent year if increased demand by majors warrants

ll.
Department of Mualc

The Music Department was described by the
Select Committee as having a well conceived and
well managed program. though in need of~arharper
program focus. The department's activities are im-
portant assets tothis university. The department has
sought to maintain a program of quite wide scope:
for example. they maintain coverage of all the major
instruments of the orchestra. The Select Committee
suggested an outside review of the BA. degree, this
review is now under way.

Recommendations: The Task Force believes that
the Music Department will continue to play a vital
role in the life of this campus over the next yean;
however. it agrees that it needs to develop a better
sense of direction and focus. The Task Force con-
sidered the resource allocation needs of this depart-
ment simultaneously with its companion in the per-
forming arts. the Theatre Department. whichisalso
being reviewed by outside consultants. Because of
the generous student/faculty ratio in the: two
departments and in view of current ﬁnancial con-
straints. the Task Force recommends that a total of
two faculty lines be removed from these two
departments in I977-78. How these reductions
should be distributed must await the receipt of the
departmental studies now under way. and the judg-
ment should be made by the Dean of Humanities
and the University Administration

Department of Phlrueophy

The Task Force believes that Philosophy is a dis-
cipline higth central to the purpose of the “vision
as well as the University. The program‘s qualityand
centrality and the department‘s active efforts to at-
tract students makc this one of the Division's best
departments.

The Philosophy Department's strengths lie in its
generally productive faculty. with potential for
greater strength as younger scholars mature. and in
its good leadership and clear emphasis upon
epistemology and a uniqe interdisciplinary
program. The recent external evaluation indicated
that the department offers its students a Ph.D.
program of high quality but that the faculty in
general is young and needs time to develop a
program of national stature. The external
evaluators suggested that a senior person of
national stature be added tothe department andthe
Graduate Academic Council recommended that a
vacant line beupgraded forthis purpose. Anevalua-
tion ofthc Ph.D. in Philosophy by the State Educa-
tion Department will take place in Fall I976.
Rccammendatt'an' With the next few years this
department could become quite strong. if inherent
faculty potential is realized. Maintaining a quality
Ph.D. program in Philosophy should receive a high
campus priority and the Task Force recommends
that every effort be made to upgradethe present va-
cant faculty position through tbe recruitment of a
senior person of national stature.

Department of Rhetoric and Communleetlon

The B. A. program offered bythis department was
rated quite favorably in an external review in I973.
The Select Committee concluded in I975 that the
BA. program was strong. but that the MA.
program needed to be expanded and a larger
proportion of the faculty encouraged to become
more productive in research. This program enjoys
substantial student interest and is developing
scrveral innovative and useful approaches to public
policy issues. Its Icadcrshipis particttlarlyeffective.
Rermnntcndatlun' The Task Force recommends
that this department continue to strengthen and
enlarge its M.A. program and expand its scholarly
efforts over the next few years. especially in the
areas of public policy. The Task Force recommends
continued support at present levels over the next
two years. but believes that this program should be
carefully reviewed in the futureto assess its potential
for f urthcr development.

Department of sterile Languagee and Literature

The external reviews of this department have
emphasized the high quality of the faculty both in
scholarly productivity and teaching. and the
program is unique In the SUNY system. Last year's
Select Committee also remarked upontherexcellent
leadership and hlgh faculty and student morale in
thls department. Enrollments are rather low.
however. .
Recommendation: In the next few years. rf the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Warren  the  , _
' " ' arm a» 7
MHMNCNSM

faculty/eluded ruiosontewhatlowulliu stars. 1- ‘
rrsuawbole,theTaskForee ‘ tin

P ream
. there be a dlnrinralonafonefacultyllneln I976”.

The Task Forcele of tire vfewthatthls depertrsteﬂ
and the Music Department should be countered

together in further one a resetch
“ ‘ particularly since bath of theta are

. more II M
department In the I977-7l year. The basis for tide

reduction should depend on the results of the
reviews which will soon be available. and the Task
Force leaves this judgmetl to the Dean of
gummtles and the Univerdty Administration.

It.”

This interdisciplinary ILA. program is unique
within the SUNY system. with a good quality
faculty and strong student demand.
Recommendation: We recommend the
continuation of th interdisciplinary B.A. progem
in Chinese Studies with no chanp in resources.

em Prov .

This undet’yaduate second ﬁeld is primarily the
responsibility of a member of the Department of
Endish. The program appears to be of reuonable
quality and attracts the interest of a good number of
students. The Select Committee in I975 supported
continuation of this program within its present

sco .

Regmmendatlan: The Task Force recommends
that in view of the quality of the Journalism second
ﬁeld, the small resources involved. and the student
support it enjoys. this prouam rhotdd be cominued
at its pr‘e'aent level of resource allocation.

CI MIDI

According to the I975 Selea Committee. this
program “provided a trsdtrl interdisciplinary focus
for scholars from several departments and an
interesting and worthwhile underpaduate
concentration for a small number of students." No
dlred faculty resources areinvolvedirt this propam
and it is a sound model to use for interdisciplinary
activities on this campus.
Recommendation: The Task Force recommends
continuation of this proyam with regtdar review by
appropriate academic groups to assess its
continuing quality and viability.
Romance Language/Ph.D. ogram

This Ph.D. program has enrolled very few

students in recent years and there is little apparent
need for it on this campus.
Recommendation.- Termlnatlan of the Flt. D.
program in Romance languages is recommended.
Wornert'e Studee Prov-rt

This undergraduate interdisciplinary second ﬁeld
is offered by the Division of Humanities. It was
viewed by the Select Committee in I975 as second
and useful program and the Task Force concurs in
that judgment. Although there are resource
implications in this kind of activity. the Task Force
believes such program serve to maximize faculty
talents and contribute to the efﬁcient use of
resources.
Recommendation: Continuance of this proram is
recommended by the Task Force. It is a further
recommendation that appropriate academic youpe
review this program periodically to insure its
continuing quality and viability.

__'___'_.———————-

Dlvlelon of Boot! and Behavioral Science

Believing that a strong Division of Social and
Behavioral Science was crucial to the future of this
campus. last year‘s Select Committee gave a high
priority to its programs. Because of the important
role of these programs in the analysis of and
response to problems in society. as well as their
centrality tothe mission of this University.theTask
Force also recommends that several departments in
this Division be strengthened with additional
resources.

This Division has suffered from chronic
understafﬁng. Except for some of the professional
schools it numbers among its departments those
with the highest student-faculty ratios on this
campus. When the State's budgeting formula
(which allocatra faculty to the University
according to FTE student enrollment by level of
instruction) is applied. it showsthat this Division is
understaffed by more than 24 faculty positions. The
Task Force is concerned that such heavy workloads
adversely effect the quality of the departments in
this division. especially three of them. It is
particularly concerned about the need to improve
the quality of graduate programs in this Divrllon.
With only afew exceptions. most ofthemnecdto be
upgraded to meet rigorous standards of national
scholarship. Although the Task Force has not
recommended reallocation of staff simply on a
workload criterion for 1976-77, it has given this
factor. In combination with a stress on quality
control and public policy potential.
weight in Its I977-78 recommendation.

The Task Force has recommended the addltloaof

partrncnts In this Division. In

the administration and the

partrnentr to carefully monitor the seleraiolt of
new appolnttaeatr. Addltiuna to the tacitly not only

 

 

