  
  
              
       

  

3‘...” _ 4....-‘
«a $23!.“

 

' <“’.~*“"’."‘M —~.~

 

  
 

2-y-

3,
i

i

ii.
’5

Snag-i:
a»: . as...

m.
"r V”:~v.‘ir;“
Mgr—“ﬂee



—. r.--

 

WI?» _‘
A .-_~.—;~,—

’xf.

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

berlke'ﬁekulkli _ . ..
' Bob-,Audi's‘drivinglayup with
three seconds left. on the clock gave
.th'er‘Albain Great Dane 'varsity
basketball team a thrilling come-
-from-behind. ’77-76 victory over
Brockport Saturday, in front of a
capacity crowd at the Golden Eagles‘
home court. It was the ﬁrst time
Albany had ever beaten Brockport
there.

With the home team ahead 76-75
and only 11 seconds left to play.
Broekportls Danny Hussong stood
at the foul line in a one-and-one
situation attempting to give his club
a possibly insurmountable 3-point
lead. But the ﬁrst shot was no good.
and Albany‘s Barry Cavanaugh
grabbed ' the rebound. Mike
Suprunowicz brought the ball up-
court. passed to Cavanaugh. who
promptly fed an open Audi un-
derneath. for the game-winning
basket.

it was quite a struggle for the

mad-who upped their State uti-
iversity of New York Athletic Con-
ference record to 6-3 while evening
their oVerall seasonal log to 10-10—

: despite a 27-point performance by

Broekport‘s D'an Panaggio.
Watehingaten point halftime lead
dissipate with 6:38 left in the game.
having one of their most effective
players. Kevin Keane, foul out. and
trailing by ﬁve with two and a half
minutes remaining, it looked like it

was going to,be another“tough loss" '

for the Richard Sauers-led squad.
Coming on the heels of a heart-
breaking two-point loss to
Plattsburgh last week which virtual-
ly knocked the Danes out of con-
ference contention, it was not such a
remote possibility. But this time,
they were not to be denied.
Albanyjumped out to an early six-
point lead in the contest. but saw
that disappear quickly. Trailing l2-
l0 with four minutes gone in the
game. the Eagles reeled off twelve

 

Kevin Keane. who toiled out of the glroekport game. tape In this
inieeed ehot in last week's Plattehurgh contest.

Volleyballers Nail Union;
Third Straight Triumph

by Dave Levy

The Men's Volleyball Club routed
Union College for the second time
this season to gain their third match
victory without a loss.

Patrick Dwyer starred for Albany.
contributing some outstanding spik-
ing and serving which overcame the
team's poor defense. according to
Coach Ted Earl.

The 15-3. 15-9. 15-9 effort extend-
ed the undefeated string to nine
games in the three matches. Earl was
nevertheless the critical coach.

“We had no double blocking at
all." said Earl. "Our serving was oil“
and our dink coverage needs some
work".

One possible reason for the ser-
ving difﬁculties was the switch from

the Iii-paneled ball used in practice
to a lighter lZ-paneled model which
tends to sail.

For the victors there was also
praise.

“Good setting. good position. and
a night-and-day difference in spiking
were the keys." said Earl. “The tapes
of the matches have enabled us to
pick up pointers from Jamie (Mac-
Farland) and pass them on to
everybody."

Healthy Squad

The squad is basically healthy.
Jim Bley‘s knee has him out and the
flu has taken its toll in strength and
timing. but otherwise all is well for
tomorrow's away match with New
l’altz. The Club returns home on
March it.

 W
'esjj-iCopFirst Ever  Eagles’Court

   

consecutive points'to take a com-
manding ten-point lead at 22-12.
Panaggio Was the main culprit. tally-
ingve'ight in that rush.

Suprunowicz began to bring the
Danes back when he picked upafew
quick buckets. and suddenly. it was a
ballgame again. Keane‘s driving
layup off a Barker feed cut the gap to
one at 29-28..bef ore Audi's two free
throws gave the Danes the advan-
tage again.

Barker‘s steal and feed set up an
Audi drive and the succeedingthree-
point play gave Albany some
breathing room. Two Barker baskets
later and the Danes led by seven
before coasting to a 44-34 halftime

  
  
    
         

  

  
 
  

 
    
  
 

lead. Keane and Barker both looked Dene toward Vie Cesare hauls down this deteneive rebound in recent
sharp as did Brockporl 5 Dale game as Barry Cavanaugh looks on. Danes beet Brockport. Saturday.

Schladey.

The story up to this point.
however. was the foul situation.
Winston ‘Royal garnered four while
Suprunowicz. Audi and Vic Cesare
all totalled three. Pops McTaw. the
Eagles‘ big threat. also had three and
saw limited action.

The second half saw the Danes
employ their slow-down. deliberate
style of play for the ﬁrst few minutes
before they ran into trouble. Pan-
aggio's three-point play cut the gap
to eight, and when Willie Saunders
tapped in a shot. the Eagles were

back in it.

Another Panaggio basket at the
10:16 mark cut the lead to ﬁve. and
moments later. McTaw popped in a
l7-footer to tie the score at 61-61.
Royal‘s jumper gave the Danes the
lead again, but Panaggio‘s driving
layup knotted it as Keane was called
for the foul on the play.

Keane. who appeared to be
nowhere near Panaggio when the
foul was called. was sent tothe bench
with his fifth and showed his dis-
pleasure by kicking a chair into the

lower grandstand.

Meanwhile. Panaggio‘s freethrow
gave the lead to Brockport with
six-and-a-half minutes left. Both
teams traded buckets before Mc-
Taw’s layup and Saunders' two free
throws gave the hosts a five point
cushion. Suprunowicz‘s drive was
answered by Owen Smith's two foul
shots. and with 2:24 left. llrockport
led 72-67.

With 57 seconds remaining.
Royal‘s two freebies cut the gap to

cunlimwd (m page/burlccii

Aquamen Third in SUNY Meet

by Brian 0rol

Tension ﬁlled the nautitorium; the
crowd waited. their eyes on the star-
ting blocks.

BOOM! The gun went off and the
second annual SUNY University
Center Championship was under
way.

The first event. the 400 yd. Medley
Relay, spun the tale of final places;
Buffalo. 103. Stony Brook. 89.
Albany. 73. and Binghamton. 53.

Albany came on strong in the ear-
ly events. taking the lead in the 1000
yd. freestyle. in which David Rubin
placed second. 10:55.4. and Brian
Rosencrans set a personal best time
with his third place ﬁnish(ll:39.8).
Albany's mermen kept the lead with

"If ‘— ~/’

at. k. s

lwlrmnere on the move In the «to-yard medey relay last week. Danes tlnlehed third In

Fred Zimmerman‘s runner-up per-

formance in the 200 yd. freestyle.
l:59.l. The Great Danes lead held
for one ﬁnal event. the 50 yd.
freestyle. swam by Paul Marshman.
second place (0223.6). and Mark
Jaffe.

At the conclusion of the in-
dividuril Medley. the following
event. the Albany mermen found
themselves in third place to stay. The
Danes lone victory in the meet came
in the 100 yd. freestyle. taken home
by Paul Marshman in 0251.7. just
one-tenth of a second off his seed
time. In addition. Marshman logged
two ﬁne laps in the 400-yd. freestyle
relay to wrap up a ﬁne triple.

Both diving events went to Buf-
falo’s Keil Wurl with scores of164.60
and 255.40. respectively.

    
  

“We came to beat Albany. and
did"‘ said Stony llrook conch Ken
Lee. “ We knew Buffalo was going to
be awfully tough. We placed second
because of our depth. We lack the
‘big guns‘. but our team is much im-
proved over last year due to our
much improved depth."

He cited the statistics. only one
victory and three second place
ﬁnishes for the Pats. yet the runner-
up position. He added. proudly dis-
playing his runncr-up trophy. “that‘s
depth:“

“I knew we had a good shot at it."
said a radiant Leo Richardson. Buf-
falo‘s coach. “I‘m just so happy we
won. These competitors are really
nice. though."

continued on page fourteen
' .

   
  

 

 

.i
y - as.» V g t» .

’ ado
.UNV

University Center Championship last week.

   
 

' i
1
t

Budget Slashed

 

OUT
OF
THE

SAndbox

March 1, 1976

Mass Letter Writing Underway

arents, Students, Faculty Join Forces

The Sad State of the University

()n 'l‘ucsdny. March 16. over ten thousand New York State public college students.
faculty and workers will assemble on the state‘s Capitol. angry. and without further
recourse. unable to accept any longer the word of this state government and
administration on the future of public higher education.

lligh education was promised the world. and more. by campaigning politicians in
clcction year 1974. but instead has witnessed the adoption of an unbalanced political
mockery of ii state budget in 1975 and the beginnings ofa step-by-step dismantling of
institutions ttnti abandonment of commitments in 1976.

What Will next year bring; will more campuses close; will fewer seats be open in
remaining class buildings for the sons and daughters of tax payers in the largest high
school graduating class in New York State's history?

'1 iiilion is being raised $100 while TAP aid is reduced 10%. Six CU NY campuses will
close whilc aid for disadvantaged students is denied and one third of the state‘s
community collcgcs will be forced to abandon open admissions due to insufficient state
support.

lhc National Commission on the Financing of l’ostsccondary Education reports
that enrollment drops 25‘}; with every tuition increase of$l()0. The poorest graduate
1c\cl students. those earning under $2000 yearly. have had their State University
Scholarships (SUS) completely eliminated while their tuition soars above that of the
hit rd pressed undergraduates. 'l‘hcsc citizens will pay over $800 more next year. ifthcy
can continued thcir education.

Ilicsc actions. ordered and condoned by the Czircy Administration. are a blatant
rind shameless retreat from his election your position recognizing the needs of
Ctlllctlllllll and the great priority the public has given to college.

A college diploma is 2i prerequisite for many things these duys.jtist as ‘il high school
diploma was twenty ycurs ago. Is it unreasonable to suggest that thc Stiitc of New York
is directed toward cutting thousands of people off from this opportunity".' Are we blind
ii We do not .scc this some thing happening?

llic students. taxpayers and workcrs of this state have been misled; we llfl\t: hccii
promist what all recogni/c its indistinguisl‘ittble from the best interests of our
society it chance to become educated and thereby be in ii position to make the kinds
of decisions that provide for 2i free society. Instead. we have been dcccivcd and made to
pay lor the faulty political logic and opportunism of our lenders.

Former (iovcriior Herbert [clinitin spoke more honestly than does llugh Carey for
aicccssiblc public cduciition wlicn hc said. “If we solve till the problems facing society.
but tail to solve the problems of education. our ignorant children will destroy what we
hctpicntli thcm. llowc\cr. if we solve only the problems ofcductition. our cducntcd
children will solve the problems we have left them.“

Wlll SUNYA gel the “7.

   

Governor Carey...
Meet Candidate Care

  

1n the summer of 1974. Hugh Carey. a candidate for the democratic nomination for
the office of Governor of the State of New York was interviewed by representatives of
the Student Association of the State University (SASU) with regard to his stands on
the major issues that concerned SUNY students. A year and a half later. Carey is
tripping over his own words. completely turning his back on the commitments that
brought student support to his candidacy.

In an effort to acquaint the voters of this state with hypocrisy which has come from
the executive office of this state. we have compiled the following: a series of quotes
from the candidate juxtiipositioncd with the reality of his actions once in office.

011 'I‘iu'limi

“l have viewed with great alarm.“ he said in autumn |974."incrcascs in tuition at the
State University.

“The next (iovcrnor must insure that tuition ill the State University of New York
goes no higher, if? am am] must hold the line on tuition at the State Univcrsity."

l'hc lisccutivc budget introduced by Governor ('urcy for fiscal 1976-77 calls for an
lllCl'Cith‘ in incomc to be generated by the State University of $24 million. An increase
in tuition ol $100 per year coupled with ii $100 per year room rent increase still frills
short of thc proposed total.

()1: I/lt’ Hit-HI!v—SIm/cnl Ratio

 . . thc SlillL' must insure that there are no increases in the present faculty-student
ratio at the Statc University,“

lhc faculty-student ratio is it formula used for funding SUNY school» based on the
number of students per faculty member.

ll ('zircy's proposed btidgct passes unamcndcd. this ratio. which is considered tin
inch of overall institutional quality. will have risen from 15.3 to 16.1 students per
faculty member during his tenure as (iovcrnor. (‘ltiss instruction will suffer and the
accessibility of faculty members to students will deteriorate.

()Ii I'flltlllt'fll/ Air/re

"We must not forch that the principle behind public colleges is to protidc a college
education for all members of our society not Hist the groups who can afford to intend
ti private institution of higher learning.

“1 bclicvc that the state. not the students must bear the burden ol financing higher
education in these days of inflation and higher costs."

(iovcrnor ('iircy husjust recently proposed legislation that reduces >1 udcnt financial
aid available through the Tuition Assistance Program by 10‘}.

Obviously. those receiving the greatest awards Will be hit the hardest and can lczist
afford the reductions. State University Scholarships for graduate students hauc been
completely eliminated while graduate level tuition will rise $200 dollars. The students.
and not the statc are apparently to assume to burden of higher education costs.

'l‘hcsc three examples of total contradiction between the words and the deeds of
Hugh Carey ilTL‘jllSl the tip ofthc iceberg. lt isclcar that voters cannot depend upon the
commitments of all those who sought their support during the election.

We must find support for our cause. the cause of the people of this state. in other
circles and from other friends. Fair weather political "friends" have sought shelter as
the storm clouds tipproachjust as eagerly as they sought our votes in the all too recent
past.

 

