 

.-._a.........»~\4»./—M~,-M' h‘... ,. .. ...' ,. .. .. ..A

.v.-.:~_...—..s. .

 

mam...”

 

' e" rtto mutton eriftheywnntedtocon-

 

 

 for buSiness

To the Editor:

By becoming a student at this university I
had expected to be able to freely decide what
to do with my life later on. Yet. my choices on
which to base this decision on are seeming to
become increasingly limited.

Being ajunior majoring in English, I have
almost completed my major‘s rcquircmcntsf
Next year being practically free. I had hoped
to concentrate in business to maybe help mein
getting ajob. Unfortunately. because of the
new business school policy. 1 will not be able
to study what I really want to study. I will have
to waste a year of my education.

But. becausel will be a senior. lthought. of
course. there would still be a way for me to
take courses, since the policy hasj ust gone into
effect. In my accounting class last Thursday.
which luckily wasn‘t closed out. the Associate
Dean of Business. Donald Bourque. sub—
stituted forthc regular professor. At the begin-
ning of class he reminded the students that
Saturday. January Si. is the deadline for
applying to the school. He then asked for
questions. I ﬁgured what a great opportunity
this was. I could ask the dean about my plans.
The opportunity did not turn out to be so
great.

I explained my situation. that I didn‘t think

I wanted a double major in business but I was
still very interested in taking courses. Dean
Bourque told me I could only-take lower level
courses. Sadly enough for me. I already had
taken or was in the process of taking these
courses. This is because. in the past. upper
level courses such as marketing weren't even
offered to freshmen and sophomores. So. I
asked Dean Bourque if there wasn‘t any possi-
ble way for me to take any courses at all inthe
business department. He said. yes indeed. it
looked to be impossible. l then asked him if
this weren't incredible, he was telling me I
couldn’t even be given a chance to take
courses. He answered me yes. it is incredible.
And then the Associate Dean of Business
laughed.

Being a little upset about this. since it did
kind of destroy my future. 1 went to my
business majoring friends. I found out this
type of behavior from Dean Bourquc is not
that unusual. in one computer science course
last semester. when other students weretrying
frantically to ask him questions about their
future in business. Dean Bourque told them.
“That‘s the way life is." And that was that.

Perhaps the School of Business does have to
limit its enrollment. But it sthJid not penalize
present juniors and seniors who cannot afford
to change their major. who don't want to take
ju>l any electives to graduate. but who want to
learn about another speciﬁc ﬁeld. After all. we
do supposedly come to college to receive a

broad education.

And moat certainly. a clean of the business
school should be wtlhng to discuss with
students their problems when he offers them
the time, He should not laugh and shun them
off as poor. confused kids who don't yet know
about life.

Bcv Srnrck

the final hours

To the Editor:

I hope it's not too late to voice a complaint
about the SUNYA Library's hours during
Final's week.

Last semester our library changed its policy
and did not stay open late during ﬁnals week.
Instead, regular cvery-day-of—the—yeat hours
were observed. and students were told to .

PAGE FOURTEEN

in tudying. . understandably. most

V‘Itudent'l chose ‘rothervto go home than to r
'attem'pt working in a large room where they
would be distracted by other students‘ study

habits (gum-popping. pen clicking. talking.
curse: of frustration. etc.) Consequently. the
lecture center set aside for late night studying

’was not used by very many students. afact I‘m
7 sure some library administrators will construe

to mean that students don‘t want or need late
library hours during peak studying periods.
Nothing could be further from the truth.

There is a reason why people choosctotreck
all the way to the library to do schoolwork.
The library offers both study booths. where
one can work undistracted. and lounges where
one can take study breaks and perhaps ﬁnd a
friend who can explain a perplexing problem.
A lecture cetitcr offers neither. it only offers
tables. seats. and distractions. In a school
with academic pressures such as ours. where
ﬁnal exams are of paramount importance in
grade determination. students deserve better.

l'm sure budget cutbacks will be cited asthc
reason for the library‘s insufficient ﬁnals week
hours. but i don‘t buy it. The library is never
tiscd as much as it is during finals \vcck. Many
students only use the library during ﬁnals
time. To apply ti cutback at a time where a
facility is most needed and most itsed is the
result of either poor priority setting. or of in-
competence.

What sort of priorities does our library
have? Do they have any idea of what the
students on this campus want'.’ At atimc when
other colleges havetheir libraries opentwanty-
four hours and are serving coffee and donuts
to studying students. ours is kickingthem out.
suggesting they relocate to a large lecture
center. Could somebody please explain why'.’

Alan Zeiger

research release

To the Editor:

Thank you once again for bringing to the
attention of faculty. staff and students at this
institution the economic sanctions now being
applied against those who refuse to sign the
Patent Waiver and Release agreement.

These people refuse to sign because to do so
would limit them in the disclosure of the
results of their research to . . . “persons
within the academic community . . . " The
broadest possible interpretation of this
category would have to exclude members of
community groups. physicians in hospitals or
public health service facilities. scientists in
government and industrial laboratories.
foreigners. etc. A lecture before the usual
audience at a national meeting or other public
forum would violate the terms of the agree-
ment. as would the submission of the results
for publication to ajournal vi hose editor is not
at a university. Any and all discoveries or in-
ventions are to bc faithfully and promptly
reported to the Research Foundation whose
gug rule then applies to the professor and his
or her students without limit oftimc. 'l his isin
direct contradiction to the Board of 'l'rustees'
Policy which says. “ . . . the purpose of Un-
iversity research is to seek new knowledge for
the general benclit and not to makeinvcntions
for profit . . . " and their Resolution fro-25h
which stiysthut university research". , .shall
be unrestricted as to the dissemination public-
ly of the conduct. progress or results . . ."

My friend Dr. Salkcvcr. Vice President for
Research. disagrees. He says the HEW
auditors want a single agreement. I have given
him copies of such agreements Used tit Cornell.
Wisconsin. Ml l'. Rl’l. etc. which have been
fourtd acceptable to both federal sponsors as

lllt‘ Albany Student Press H’Jt’ri't’s Illt'
.ttllt’ right in prim or will lt'Ill‘I’s In Illt‘
t‘t/lltlf. Stilt/nil lt'llt'M 'I'i'l’lz'li’lt'l'IV’lih
It) Albany Student Press. ((329. I400

Washing/on /i\‘t‘llllt'. The ASI' ivill IiuI
publish unsigned lt'IIt'ri. Nantes will lie
M'lllllit'ltl on ft'tlllt'Jl. Kev]! Illth' mirth
and lt‘IIt'rx coming in. lull rt'nit'niht'r:
’lirt'w'li‘ is Iht' will (if it’ll.’

  

Twell  to thefatiulliu '

sides. Our institution otflhe other handiwo-

  
    

Research Foundation to draw an acceptable
agreement for SUNY. If they are not compe~
tent enough to concoct one of their own. then
why don't they simply give up and copy one of
the ones I have gotten for them?

J.J. Zuckerman
Professor of Chemistry

polestinian
imperialism?

To the Editor:

Those involved with campus media enjoy
access to the school's teletype machines. The
following came over on U Pl dtiriitg the curly
hours of Sunday morning:

("Ellf("l')~".‘l SPOA’L‘SJIAA' I.\’
BE] Rt'l‘ Srl l’S PA I. EST/.let N
(MERRILLAS .-l TTA (‘Iv'l-JI) OFFICES OF
Till) .\'l;‘ll’SP.AlI’ERS IN SUBURBAN
BEllt‘L'T SATL'RDA )' . . . TOUCIIING
OFF .4 GUNFIGIIT WIT/I BUILDING
GUARDS IN WHICH SEVEN PERSONS
WE RE KILLED. THE ATTACKERS
REPOR TEDL l’ TOOK A WA Y FIVE
OTHER Erlll’LOl’EES. . . INCLUDING
A CHIEF EDITOR.

A free press is the heart of ti democracy.
Without it. responsible contact between the
decision makers and those affected by their
decisions is lost and the handfull of govern-
ment rulers may do as they please. This
Palestinian act is not merely an attack against
free press. but against democracy in Lebanon
itself.

Recently much pressure has been leveled at
Jews throughout the world to start thinking
about rcadmitting the Palestinian refugees
into lsrael in order to form a “free and secular
democratic Palestine.“ The Palestinian con-
tribution to Lebanon‘s democracy displays a

ing embarrassed. by the inability of its

'ele" example or What the PLO leadership
on iderti- a" “free and secular democratic

Palestine". Not only do they attack one of the
bullwarks of freedom. but they attack a
religious group.

If imperialism isthe interventionintothe af-
fairs of someone clse's land. my limited
vocabulary contains no other word to term
such Palestinian actions. Arabterrorism iii m-
ed at Israel in order to "liberate" her for the
oppressed Palestinian refugees is comprehen-
dable though intolerable; but the extension of
their struggle to the Christian community in
Lebanon remains tome unfathomable.

The Hebrew language contains no specific.
one word term for jilmd (religious war) and
most Israelis do not consider their struggle
against the Arabs as a religious war but as one
of survival. The Arab nations however have
used religious fervor to generate support for
their cause. What 1 fitid shocking about
Lebanon is that the predominantly Christian
western world has not expressed the slightest
horror of a religious war directed against their
co-rcligionists aside from the usual dis-
pleasurc of "war in general".

I am by no means suggesting that
“Christians throughout the world unite and
take tip arms against the ‘Arab scourge‘ "
(shades of the Ilth century). I am however
asking that more thought be given before
pressuring Jews into accepting the
Palestinians into Israel.

I wish that it could be proven that my fears
are unfounded and that it "free and secular
democratic Palestine" would not mean suicide
to the 3 million Jews living in lsrael who have
nowhere to flee.

My desire as a Jew to settle in Israel has
been termed racist and a deprivation of
Palestinian freedom. This Palestinian attack
against one of the bulwarks of freedom and
democracy in Lebanon only strengthens my
fears of what they intend for Israel if rend-
mittcd. If I were proven wrong then my fears
would be tillaycd: but the events that are
transpiring in Lebanon merely givethcm more
credence.

Marc che

 

 

 

Trio! ll.\.

Therapeutic Distrust

by Chris Aidun

These two words reveal the nature of our lives and the world in which we live. The statement
“trust us" comes from all levels ofauthority ~ business. education. and government. Though you
may never hear these actual words. their message should not be new to you.

The message comes from America‘s giant corporations every time attempts are made at
regulation. it’liui't good/or General Motors is goat/for America. The auto industry has fought
all safety proposals from seatbclts to bumpers which bump instead ofcrumblc(bumpers are now
able to withstand a "collision" at five mph). The industry has consistently opposed any auto
pollution standards and has shown reluctance in implementing those adopted. Yet. they are
hidden from scrutiny. very protective oftheir right to decide what's best for ourlives. The “trust
us" philosophy of business is not limited only to the auto industry. it extends as far as Chile
sometimes. and often borders on mind control.

‘l'rust the Educational 'lesting Service, li'l‘S knows how to determine what you know and
most admissions officers of undergraduate atid graduate programs seem to agree. l‘tll‘lllcl’llltll’u.
E'l S believes that you have no right to question or understand how they iiingically tlcteriiiine

your level of intelligence.

'l'hesc arc the private sectors of otir society.
secrecy and manipulation for private motives of power and pi olit

l'his fact makes it casicriozii lt-zisl lIIltlt'I'NltlIltllllt‘

cit-ii Il one cannot condone

them. It is the “trust us" attitude that prevails iii all levels of oui gotciniiit-iii that is most

distressing.

Sit back for a moment and try to imagine the massive Iippiiiiitus of letlcial. static. .iiid local

government: the money. the knowledge. the manpower. the ptiliiicul povvci

ll is siiitplv

impossible for any of us to completely know and understand this nuisst liiliyiiiitlt
indeed. very little is done to try to help us understand our enormous goict iiiiit‘iits. l‘ltitll
Henry Kissinger down to the lowest paid county clerk. we are iiuidc to liclic\c that we should

trust our public servants
question them. Jim Irtt.t'I tl.\'.

they know what is best furthis great country. lllltl we have no I ighi to

Citi/ens in this kind ofsncicty may continue to \ ole for candidates. btit it should licliiirly clear
that we have little actual control over how we are to be governed. Without knowledge of

government. democracy is impossible.

Consequently. we are left to live otir lives under conditions that have been dictated to us: the
products we consume. the criterion by which we try to find a plaice lll our society. and the quality
and quantity of life we are to have are completely out of our hands. llul rt'ii tiixurt-tlilmi llll.\ l.\

lllt' hat! of (Ill possible It'Ul’ltl.\'. 'I'riol ll.\.

Our society need not bethis way. Instead we should be guided by a philosophy ofllit'rti/it'ulit‘
tlitirioi. This concept. coined byjournzilist Nat llcntoff. is fundamental: You and I. Incch by

virtue of our existence as members of this soc

icty. should question everything that effects our

Ines. Need it be said: it is our right to question

A close look reveals that therapeutic distrust is the principle upon which the New York Public
Interest Research Group (NYPlRG) was founded. We as individuals have neither the time nor
ability to be active therapeutic distrusters. Through groups like PlRGs. however. we have hired
experts to fulﬁll part of the massive responsibilities that a citizen inii truc democracy must bear.

Hence the expression “ Public." or “ Full-time

interest profession.

" Citizen is used to describe members of the public

'l'hcrapeutic distrust. It can lead to a more democratic country.

 

('Iiris Aidan is the chairman of Illt’ SUNY/t t'llalllt'r of N YPIRG

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 3, 1976

my;

 over there [Angola]; when people are eating piuo  can't fight . . .  t V

nelileveptuo' with? honor.”

 

 

Dir-Nothing Parry cit-nodule wait miiipt;
explaining his foreign policy.

    

Going Against the Grain

The t'uriiinttnisl ideology i.i'
Io destroy your (democratic)
.t'ut'iclj'. This has" been Ilicir
aim for I 25 ,i'curx and has
never changed . . .
Aleksandr Solzlicnisisyn

In the summer of l975. Aleksandr
Solzhenitsyn catnc to America to speak
realistically of our relationship wit hthe Soviet
Union. He clearly points out that Russia's
backbone its agriculture. is weak. Solzhenit-
syn calls for the United States to stop bailing
Russia out of its economic problems by
trading with it and giving it loans.

Let's get to the very root of the problem.
The reason why we even trade with the
Russians is for the sake of ddicnte. Dt‘tentc
means a relaxation of strained relations or ten»
sion, as in this case between two nations.
Noting the above qutoe. even though we
attempt to relax ourtensions and to peacefully
coexist and trade with the Russians. they con-
tinue their ideological war against us.
Solzhenitsyn asserts that an ideological war is
composed of a focus of hatred. a continued
repetition of the oath to destroy the western
world.

The Russians gladly ticccpt our assistance.
Nevertheless. Solzhenitsyn states that iti their
schools they teach and in their newspapers
they write: “Look at the Western world. it‘s
beginning to rot. Capitalism is breathing its
last. It‘s already dead. And our (Russian)
socialist economy has demonstrated. once and

':2. by Joseph Berry. Jr.

 

for all. the triumph of communism." We
should let the Soviet socialist economy prove
its superiority to the world, We should stop all
trade with the Russians immediately. and en~
courage our allicsto stop liclpingtltem as well.
Why should we support the Soviet police state
with otir grain and other cxporls’.’

If we no longer assist Russia with our
agricultural exports. they would have to turn
most of their energy and attention totlieir far-
ming systems. Consequently. if they have to
slrugglcjust to feed the people. they will have
less time to work oti their industries. space
programs and most important. military
programs. With this problem. the Russian
system would be forced to relax.

The Cold War (a war ofbatred) is still going
on. btit only on the communist side. Even
though the Russians are doingthis. the United
States definitely should Itot return to Cold
War. The only thing we should do is to stop
helping the Soviet economy.

Sol/licnitsyn suggests that relations
between the Soviet Union aiid the United
States should be such that there would be no
deceit til the question of armaments. that there
would be no concentration camps. no psy-
chiatric wards for healthy people. Also he
adds that relations should be such that there
Would he an ciid to the incessant ideological
warfare waged against us.

'l'licrcfore. since we clearly understand
Russia‘s point of view. we should stop all tiid
to them until they act more sensibly and
humanly.

  

 

 

Effects of the: Phantom Ph.D. ,.  -
Old sores never, heal, we just forget that they hurt. _ I y ’ . ' - ,
The controversy surrounding the Michael Kaufman tenure cue painfuﬂy’reeurM« '

the ghosts of the l973 Carolyn Waterman care. and that of former Englilhte'acl’ter Curt

Smith. Again we have administration tactics that can only generoust be dderibe‘d as

questionable. At worst. the intrusion of the Academic Affairs Vice-President into a

purely faculty level tenure review (see page one) can be called a gross restriction of due

process.

Vinresident Philip Sir-otkin has called his actions “extraordinary.” We couldn't
agree more. But he attempts to excuse them by blaming these “extraordinary times.”
The budgetary mess in which we find ourselves cannot be made the whipping boy for
repressive and educationally unsound practices by the administration in pursuit of its
phantom dream—the English Ph.D.

If a university is to develop a solid base of faculty, the tested, though ambiguotﬂ
procedures of tenure need to be followed. Until a fairer one is developed the
convoluted one we have must do. Sirotkin. and byextension. President Emmett Fieldl'
techniques are a return to jungle law.

It is apparently their intent to commit a slaughter of untenured English faculty to
regain the Ph.D.. a slaughter disregarding ability and quality.

The “most exceptional standards" which Fields' consultants would like to' apply to
English tenure cases don't exist and they never have. They are a ruse to justify mindless
decimation and they must not work. The value of professors like Kaufman means more
to a viable university than the tragic behavior of the administration would seem to
indicate.

Comfortable Chaos

A child awoke. and began the daily routine common to all schooldays,communities
and seasons. The shades were closed, and the child thought little while choosingclothes
and brushing teeth. At some point. however, mother opened the shades: snow! Then
she announced: no school today.

Sometimes the child returned to bed. but more often the gust of unexpectedjoy
prevented that. Excitement was in watching the high winds, snow or empty streets
through a clouded window. Home was more than home; it was warmth and security.
Maybe father did not attempt to go to work, or returned from such aneffortinfailure.
The power of the snow . . . .

As if an extra day had been granted, there was an urge to use it. Not only was it fun.
but an element of chaos was present. For the child, chaos is exciting more than it is
scary.

Mother made hot chocolate, and by the time the sun went down the child was
exhausted. When sleep came, only the hope for more snow remained.

Older children. or adults as they prefer to be called, regard the storm more
objectively. it's dangerous. cars become immovable. skid or freeze. Plans are cancelled
and the day is one of inconvenience. There isn't any thought about release from the
routine.

When the college is closed. however. there is a release from the routine. The
childhood mood returns. The day will be used for pleasure: cuddling up for some.
drawing pictures in the smoke of a causal indulgence for others.

Of course. there will be those who will see the release as an extra day of studying, or
time to fix the apartment. But it‘s still possible to look out the window. forgetting the
usual urges of discipline or reflex of annoyance. The years haven’t removed thatmood;
they've only buried it under seasons of snow.

 

; v

MASTHEAD STAFF
Eniroit IN cm" DANIEL GAIN
MANAGING coirnn Stanton thNANItA
News [DIT‘II Bum STEIN
AssocrArr news cottons  DAVID WiNzeLIiEito. ANDREA Haitzaiiito. CerItIA HAcINu
Pnooticnou mmcr- PATIch McGLqu
AxsoctArr nopucnou MANAozns  Lovisa MAaxs. CAiiot. McPIIEitsoN. ELuN FiNti
EnnoiuAL PAGES cnim- KtNNern WAX
Al'l‘li 4i rcnuus lDITOlS...........................................SPENCER RAooio, NAOMI FIXEDLANDII
Sroitrs wiron NATHAN SALAN‘I’
AssoCIArr srorirs mim- MtcuAIit. PtexAItsIti
oncmstno "‘Nm'" lnnv ALaIiItCIIr, L ZucngAN
AssociAn MANAGII LISA BIuNDo
F- " GlAFﬂ'll mm"- KsNNImI COII
Busmm uuurn DANIEL GCONNOI

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AP. and Zodiac New: managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Preview: Joyce Feigenbaum

Iii/ling Acuunlani: Susan Domrcs

Composition manager: Ellen Boisen

Ass-mam to the cdllor.’ Ellen Weiss

Head lyplsl.’ Leslie Eisenstein

I’I‘mlut'lloll.‘ Jiinet Adler. Patty Ahern. Sarah Blumenstock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
Ilcitncr. Marjorie Hogarth. Vicki Kurtzmnn. Kathy Lam. Marc Leve. Tania Levy. Michele
ljpton. Rich Mermelstein. Janet Meunier. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverblatt. Ellen Wciu
Atlini'iii'i/raiivc assistant: Jerelyn Kaye

Advertising produciiort' Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kita. Brian Caldll. Ann Wren

l’llutogrtlphy: supplied principally by Unlvertity Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Pm: it published every Tuesday and Friday durlng "I! school year except
holidays. Edltorlal policy is the rerporulbility of the Editor in Chief and subject to review by the
Mus/head Slit/f Main ofﬁce; CC 329; telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Auoclttllon.
Address mall to: Albany Student Pro-I. 0029,1400 WorldngranAwnuc. Albany. New York.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

