 

S:?E‘:’1'u€$;:_ .

-,_..._ M-V

. . .,. Wm

$921.54“

A glad. "1';

 

number of traffic summonses were

- issued. a police spokesman said.

‘ Transportation Se et

, ’ Motorists from Queens.  the
airport is situated Brooklyn and v
Nassau County begs cloggingmain

arteries to, around and. through V

.Kennedy5shortlyiafter 2 pm. to
dratnatiaedheir' fears that proposed -
flights of the Concorde there this
spring would bring noise and air
. pollution.

They drove—if such a pace can be
called that—bumper -to- bumper
sometimes stopping entirely to
stretch their legs and take the air. As
if they weren’t getting attention
enough. the drivers ﬂashed their
headlights and leaned on their horns
as well.

Police of the Port Authority of
New York and New Jersey laid on
extra manpower and tow trucks for
the demonstration. worked out an
accommodation for continual move-

proVolted

. or» as. -
y ry William
Coleman allowing the SST to make

The ’demonitr onw

“test landings "at ‘Kennedy and

Washington‘s Dulles Airport four
times a day as early as March for to
months.

However. the Port Authority can

ov. H' eyan

Gov. Brendan Byrne can order

veto.

protest. sayingthat hewouid prevent »
the Concorde‘s flying here ‘funless it
is given a very cletin bill of health”
and that he was far from reaching a
judgment that it could get one.

The governor. Levinson said. was
fencedtraddling. “If Carey lets this
plane land here. what's going on to-
day wilI-‘be nothing compared to
what we will do,” he said. ‘

L'Espressoﬂome

“I took refuge in this cave to escape the technological age!"

> Nuclear Disaster Seen as Likely

WASHINGTON (AP) Three
nuclear engineerssaya major atomic
power plant disaster is likely within
24 years but that political and
economic pressure is keeping federal
and industrial scientists from getting
a true picture of the threat.

Dale G. Bridenbaugh. Richard B.
Hubbard and Gregory C. Minor.
who resigned Feb. 2 as middle-level
executives with General Electric‘s
nuclear division to warn of the alleg-
ed peril. said nuclear energy “now
threatens the very existence of life on
this planet."

But William Anders. chairman of
the federal Nuclear Regulatory
Commission. said NRC experts
heard nothing new in the trio‘s
charges. nor did they hear anything
to warrant closing atomic power
plants.

The charges came Wednesday as
the congressional Joint Atomic
Energy Committee opened hearings
into charges by the former .GE
employee.

Sen. John O. Pasture. (D-R.l.)
chairman of the panel. said hearings
are to determine whether facts sup-
port the allegation “without doub-
ting for a minute that these
allegations have been made in the
best of good faith and conscience.“

He said if the committee ﬁnds the
allegations are supported. Congress
would take whatever remedial action
is necessary.

Bridenbaughsaid there now are 20
nuclear power plants operating with
the same general problem and that a
disaster involving any one or several
of those plants is likely before the
year 2000. He did not specify what
that problem is.

“It is not a hypothetical accident."
he said. adding there is a good
probability of major damage to the
public.

Asked by Sen. John Tunney.(D-'

Calif.) whether nucleartecbnology is
safe for electricity generation.
Bridenbaugh replied, “i don't think
they're safe enough. My personal
opinion is that the commercial
operation is not safe enough."
Asked if the NRC doesn‘t level
with the public. Bridcnbaughsaid. “I
don't believe the NRC adequately

PAGE .TWO

explains to the public their concern."
He agreed that the NRC is sup-
pressing internal dissent.

In addition. the three said in a
statement. “The tremendous cost.
schedule and political pressures ex-
perienced make unbiased decisions
of the consequences, impossible to
achieve."

Minor told the committee that all
nuclear power plants should be shut
down. He also said that if nuclear
development continues at its present
rate. “we'll have to be concerned
with sabotage and terrorism. It will
take a militaristic approach to con-
trol it."

Bridenbaugh said the NRC has
asked the nuclear industry to probe
the problems. but added. “It’s almost
impossible to do this investigation
fast enough. In the meantime these
plants continue to operate with
serious deﬁciencies."

He also said industry appears to
be more concerned with the cost of
shutting a plant down to make
repairs than it is with safety.

“We have heard all this before.“
said Anders. who will testify in full
next week. Hesaid“safetyis our pre-
eminent consideration" and that he
was “amazed and somewhat
perplexed“ by what he said were in-
consistencies made by the trio in
their testimony. r'~'|-’

Storage Systems Unsafe

Minor. who had headed GE‘s
nuclear safety and control systems
operation since I971. said in his
letter of resignation he was con-
vinced nuclear reactors. the nuclear
fuel cycle and nuclear waste Storage
systems were not safe.

Hubbard said in resigning that he
was worried about unsolved
problems of nuclear waste storage
and the risks that highly radioactive
waste pose for future generations.
He said design errors. vibrations,
cracks and other irregularities had

been discovered in nuclear reactors. '

Such problems, he said.forced him to
question the continued operation
and proliferation of nuclear power
plants.

Science Studies Mud Pies

BOSTON (Al’)Mud pies used to be
just kid stuff.

Now they are the stuff ofscicntific
observation and a 29 page paper
with the imposing title of “Mound
Building: A Psychogeomorpbology
of Mud."

The I42nd annual meeting ofthe
American Association for the Ad-
vancement of Science. which has
brought together some of the top
names in biology. sociology.
medicine and physics. has produced
perhaps the nation‘s foremost
authority on mud pies.

Denis Wood. professor at the
school of design of North Carolina
State University. said Sunday he
spent much of last summer in
backyards and playgrounds of
Raleigh. NC. watching children
aged to months to I3 years. in-
cluding his own son. now l'ﬁ.

Lest the less scientiﬁc observer
think it's all fun and games for a
grown man to watch toddlers playin
the sand and mud. Wood told what

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

happened when the youngsters dis-
covered that dirt mttkcsthings grow.

"At one point the loan ofottr baby
was requested so that he could be
buried and thus produce more like
him.“ he said.

“While they never buried our sort.
the big kids did bury lctivcs. peach
pits. twigs. picklcs and pennies."

Wood classified the youngsters as
Bid Kids, who could walk and talk,
and Little Kids. who couldn't.

Role Playing

He found Big Kids and Little
Kids seldom played together with
the exception of“whencvcr Big Kids
needed Little Kids to play rolesthat
the Big Kids would rather not have
ﬁlled. such as playing ‘baby‘ in a
game of house . . . or ‘dead per-
son' in burial games."

And after 500 hours of observa-
tion. Wood veriﬁed what parents
and pediatricians have long known:
that “all Little Kids put sand and dirt
and anything else t hey could lay their
hands on into their mouths.“

Carey wired his support of the ‘

Harrison Deny SLA Thr stoned Hearst

NEW YORK (AP) William and Emily Harris. last members of the
Symbionese Liberation Army known to be alive. dented Monday that the
Army threatened to kill Prtricia Hearst after It kidnapped her. Speaking
during an interview on the NBC “Today” televmon ‘show, Hams
acknowledged that Miss Hearst was abducted against her wrll, but said the
intention was to release her once the demands made upon her father were
met. Miss Hearst has testifiedthat she was threatened wrth dcathseveral time

during and after her kidnapping.

Ford Proposes Grant For Social Services
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford proposed to Congress Monday
granting the states $2.5 billion for social services such as day care prorams a
warned lawmakers they will endanger economic recovery if theydon‘i renew
federal revenue sharing Ford made his proposal for an annual block grant
for social services shortly after urging the‘nation‘s governors to support
renewal of federal revenue sharing. He told the! National Governor‘s
Conference that economic recovery would be imperiled if Congress fails to
set. In his proposal to Congress, Ford urged passage of a community scrviccs
act which he said would eliminate many federal regualtions and restrictions
on providing such services as day care. foster care and homemaker aid to low-

income families.

Court Agrees to Rule On Sales Tax

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court agreed Monday to rule on
whether a business in one state must collect sales tax on its sales to residents
of a second state. The case involves a Vermont furniture stor situated six
miles from the border with New York State. A number of the store‘s
customers are New York residents and that state‘s tax authorities are trying
to collect almost $300,000 in sales taxes from the store. Grifﬁn Inc. the
corporation that owns the store in Arlington. Vt.. last year won a ruling from
U.S. District Court in Vermont dismissing New York‘s claims to thc moat-y.
New York ofﬁcials appealed tothe Supreme Court. which Monday agreed to
hear the case.

Daniel Schorr Suspended From CBS

NEW YORK (AP) CBS newsman Daniel Schorr. who has admitted
releasing a secret House intelligence report to a weekly newspaper. has
indeﬁnitely suspended from reporting duties by the nctwark on Monday
Schorr admitted releasing the report prepared by the House committee on
intelligence operations of the government to the Village Voice. a weekly
published in New York‘s Greenwich Village. CBS. in a statement released ht
President Richard Salant. noted that government investigations have been
called for to see if Schorr can be prosecuted for rCICLsingihcsccrct report.

Soviet Communist Party Congress to Open
MOSCOW(AP) The 25th Soviet Communist party congress opens Tuesday
timid dissident calls for political amnesty and signs of strain between the
Kremlin and France‘s top Communist. Soviet lcadcr Leonid I. Ilrczbnct is
expected to stress continuity in his keynote address. but there is still room for
surprises. The congress opens exactly 20 years after Stalin‘s crimes were
denounced from the same rostrum. 0n the eve of the congress. l‘ivc leading
members of the Soviet dissident movement renewed their call for an atuncs‘l)
for imprisoned dissidents.

Nixon Meets With Chairman Mao

PEKING (AP) Richard M. Nixon and Chairman MuoTsetung met for one
hour and 40 minutes Monday and had what a Chinese spokesman dchcl'th'tl
as a “friendly conversation on a widc range of subjects.“ At Iln cveningrccnul
the former president. once one of Tuiwhn's strongest supporters. found
himself swept along be Mao's wife in applause for a song calling lot the
island‘s return to mainland Chinese control. At the close of the midday
conversation with the 82-year-old chairman ofthe Communist part _\.
Nixon was asked to convey Mao‘s regards to President Ford. Mao IilL'l nub
Ford during the President‘s Peking visit last December. No othur
information was released on the meeting at Mao‘s Peking home.

Bethlehem Steel Charged With Pollution
HARRISBURG (AP) In the largest such state action ever taken. IIIL'
Bethlehem Steel Corp. has been charged with air pollution violtttiom at its
.lohnstown and Bethlehem plants. Department of Environmental Resources
DER officials announced the legal action Monday. saying it involved total
penalties ranging from $5 million to $25 million. Thccmissions ttllcgcdl)‘ “1'”
cause a variety of serious health problems—including cancer. emphyscmi'
and other respiratory ailments—for people livingin the vicinity ofthe [WW-‘-
DER Sccretary Maurice Golddard said the charges were ﬁled after lhrct'
years of negotiations with Bethlehem executives failed.

Lebanese Gunman Releases Hostages

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Achanesegunman and six armed relatich \th
seized the Canadian Embassy and more than 20 hostages in a family m“ "m
possession of a Canadian island freed their captives unharmed and
surrendered to police. after a day—long siege Monday. "ch. they
surrendered. It's very quiet down here." an embassy spokesman. reached by
telephone. said after the drama ended. The gunman. who had been deported
[min Canada. had demanded to talk with Canadian Prime Minister l’IL'm'
Elliott Trudeau about what he said was a 3450.000 real estate deal that won
sour because of his estranged wife and a doctor friend in Canada.

I

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

 

University, y I

“WW for the “Z 

by Doug Payne

The 2 grade. it SUNYA “ad-
ministrative penalty grade“, ter-
minated in I973. may creep back
into our academic alphabet.

The University Academic Council
[UAC] recommended the rein-
troduction of the 2 grade for this
semester in a report to the University
Senate earlier this month. It was
recommended that the grade of Z be
given for “non-attendance or failure
to withdraw." and no graduation
credit be given for a student who
received it.

The 2 grade was originally given
when students registered for a
course, never attended, and forgot to
withdraw. Since 1973. it is estimated
that several hundred students receiv-
ed an E or U grade when they would
have received a grade of Z. In the
report the UAC concluded that.
“The pan of mandating academic
grades for failure to withdrawis un-

Stars Slated For

duly . harsh on undergraduate
students.” '

At the February 9 Senate meeting.
several objections were raised to the

2 grade recommendation. Am-l

biguities in the language of the
original report drew criticism.

Members of the Senate wanted it
made clear when the Dean of Un-
dergraduate Studies has the right to
assign the Z grade. The report was
referred back to the UAC for possi-
ble revision.

According to Senate Chairman
Dr. Phillip Tompkins, there was
some concern that the policy. as
written. would be abused. The
Senate was reported to be in favor of
the concept but not the wording.

Tompkins said. "We are in favor
of it [the Z grade]. Wetoldthem[the
UAC] to get it right so we can vote
yes or no on it.“ He said, "If they
came up with the wording that
would satisfy the critics. then it

Doug Henning. the star at Broadway‘s “The Magic Show." comes to
SUNYA In May. Henning now has his own television show.

Students who forget to drop a course or withdraw withoutotlldally' notifying-thoaom. may. 'v
rocotve a 2 grade it a proposal now being considered by the University Senate bomb policy.

would pass."

According to Dr. Robert Frey.
Assistant Dean of Undergraduate
Studies. the criteria for grading the
student should be. “performance in
the classroom. not performance in
following administrative policies.“
He noted that there was essentially
no difference between an E for bad

by Pltlllp Molter

Abba Eban. David Steinberg and
Doug Henning are only a few ofthe
guests who will appear at SUNYA
this semester. courtesy of the Univer-
sity Speaker‘s Forum.

Speaker's Forum has been able to
bring some of the biggest names on
the lecture circuit to thecampus this
year.

“People want to see the big name
speakers." says President Paul
Sommer. “In the past. most of our
emphasis was on speakers for special
interest groups. and while we con-
tinue to bring these types of per-
formers to the students. we‘ve ex-
panded ottr program to include the
popular ﬁgures the university com-
munity demands."

Abba Eban. one of the world's
yeat orators leadsthe list on April 4.
He has long been involved in the
Mid-East, and will speak on
prospects for peace there.

Eban was first assigned as Allied
liaison ofﬁcer to Jerusalem. He later
assumed the position of Israeli
Representative to the UN. arguing
successfully for Israel's admission to
that body.

On Tuesday. March 23. Jeremy
Rifkin. co-director of the People‘s
Bicentennial Commission (PBC).
will discuss some ofthe oft overlook-
ed issucs of our nation's 200 year an-
nivcrsary.

Crime Ranges from Burglary to Lewdness

by David Winzclberg

Seventy—one campus crimes were
reported to tire University Police last
month. resulting in ten arrests and
property loss of close to $4,000.

The offenses ranged from second
degree burglttry to a charge of public
Icwdness in the Library. Pctit
larceny heads the list of crimes with
35 reported incidents. resulting in

 

University Police Monthly Activity Report—January 1976

University Tickets Issued ......................................................... ..3626
C ars Dispatched to Answer Complaints Other Than Criminal  I47
r ‘ ' 0 n -r s~ 

 

Requests for .‘

False Alarms

Uniform Trafﬁc Sttmmonscs Issued  21
Criminal Arrests ....................... ..
Doors Reported Open or Unlocke
Vclticles 'lowed (illegally parked)

l0

 

 

The University Police responded to thouineldontelastrnonth.

 

 

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

SL750 in property loss.

of the ten people arrested last
month. only two were SUNYA
students. Five ofthosc arrested were
unemployed non-students. one
attends high school.

Last month. Indian Quad had the
highest number of reported crimes-
ll. Colonial Quad reported nine
criminal incidents. followed by
State. Dutch and Alumni. with a
total of II crimes reported.

0n the podium. where I7 in-
cidents occurred. crime was most
frequent in the Library. The Library
reported eight crimes last month.

Besides the ten arrests made by the
University Police in January. their
most proliﬁc anti-crime action was
the distribution of 3.626 parking
tickets.

work and an E due toinadvertenoe.

Frey said. “If I were a student and
received an E for not attending I
would be upset." He said. “We‘re try-
ing to construct a policy which
doesn't unfairly punish students. yet
does not destroy the academic in-
tegrity of the institution.” Frey
stressed that students have a respon-

Speaker’s Forum Agenda

Sommer describes PBC as “a
radical bicentennial group". A
White House Bicentennial Com-
mittee spokesman called it “. . . a
thorn in our side”. In its own words.
PBC is attempting ". . . to renew
our patriotic commitment to the
principles of the American Revolu-
tion."

Founded in l97l by Rifkin. the
PBC cites the people‘s loss offaithin
the country‘s economic system and
governmental politics as the basis for
a non-violent revolution. through
the polls.

On the lighter side, Speaker‘s
Forum will present comedian David
Steinberg and magician Doug Hen-
ning on successive Fridays in late
April and early May.

Steinberg. who will give two per-
formances is making one of his rare
"'concert" appearances. His new TV
show affords him little time.

Henning, star of Broadway‘s. The
Magic Show. befuddled television
audiences last December. His hour
long netwark special was performed
live to dispel any doubts of camera
trickery.

In addition. Sommer is workingto
gct commitments from several major
political candidates.

Among these are presidential con-
tenders Sen. Henry Jackson. Sen.
Birch Bayh and Rep. Bella Abzug.
who is running for the U.S. Senate.
Sommer says he will tryto havethem
speak here before the New York
primary in April. but “deﬁnite dates
have not been set as of yet."

Operating with one of “the largest
budgets in the northeast." Sommer
feels that with speaker commitments
from the political ﬁeld. he will have
satisﬁed all that be expected to ac-
complish in his programs.

sibility to attend courses they
register for. Frey believes that closed
sections could be opened if students
would drop the classes they won't st-
tend. He said. “The UACiI tryingto
strike a balance. The punishment
doesn't befit the crime.“

Frey said the UAC has been work-
ing on a different approach. The new
concept Would involve a revised
deﬁnition of the present "W" grade.
including withdrawal and nort-
attendance. Frey said that in the
latest analysis. “The revised W grade
would be a clearer way of solvingthe
problem.“

There appears to exist only a
narrow region of discord between
the UAC and the Senate. Yet Frey
maintained. “No rewording of the Z
grade by the UAC would be proper.
These are our best thoughts." He
said. "If the Senate doesn‘t likeit. we
can‘t present a better policy under
the existing 2 plan—without
destroying the whole concept of the
plan."

Sexism Remains

With all the afﬁrmative action
programs launched in the past ten
years. women may have been f ooled
into thinking employment dis-
crimination is on its way out.

But accordingto the f ormer direc-
tor of the Department of Labor
Women‘s Bureau, the actual ear-
nings of Women in full-time. year-
around jobs not only continue to be
less than those of men in‘the some
jobs but the gap has actually widen-
ed in the last 20 to 25 years.

In I955. women's wage and salary
incomes amounted to 64% of male
income. Today. the ratio is only
57%.

The department director. Mary
Dublin Keyscrling. explained that
the great increase in the number of
women entering the labor f oree has
been concentrated in three
traditionally female ﬁelds where the.
pay is relatively low—teaching. nur-
sing and other health ﬁelds.

Although most women work not
fora little extra pocket money but to
support themselves and their
families. about 30 of every 100
female workers earn less than 55000

~ annually. For men. the rate is only to

of every l00 workers. ——CPS.

 

A

 

NOMINATIONS for the position of Editor-in-Chief oi the Albany Student

Press will be accepted from February the February 27. Nominees must befull-

time undergraduates at SUNYA. The Editor-in-Chief is empowered to

represent the Albany Student Press. and is responsible for the direction.

production. content and policy of the Albany Student Press. Letters of

nomination should be submitted to the Managing Editor in Campus
Center 329. Elections will be held March 8.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

