  
  

 
    
     
 
 

  

I H . .':l~"I§‘.-Ip.m.3chuylerltdl.
Cm  M.‘7pitl.'lnlo355.
' .  . Minimum." 3. isndmm
new muss-showirkqmmo.

I I H om.mgﬂﬂ’mitin.atChapdi'iouso.
Degree

I lie" es.

THIS WEEKEND

WW"!  " presents another Albany Gr arsity
.,.:~t : . “.moumv
abolbmme. This week it’s against «swim rival Siena
A  Tune in to WSUA 640 AM, for all the play-by-play ac-
tion we, starting at 8:30 p.m.(J.V. at6:25). That's Sat. Feb. 7, on
the Sporty oﬁ—WSUA.
Seniors, there will be a seniar'closs meatln Sun F b
. . . . 3, 8:30
p.m. in CC 375. Spring activttios and graduagian ta be'discutsed.

Community Service, make-up driemdtion, Sat. Feb. 7, ii a. in.
H0 354 '

   

   

     
   
   

. o
' i
«mat-in ‘1" Minnow"

   
   

 
 
    
   
    
    

ws’ue'i Saturday Nigni'ot Geld, tdlltntha en rm. From i l
p.m. to whenever. loatlos requests only. WSUA 640 AM, with
your host Randy luck.

e

Hebrew Club will have nirvana» lollowod b h ~
yayin. Sat. Feb. 7, o. l5. Indian Quad, Tuscararya :i‘onigﬂllthgcg
.OV.
Newman Assoc. weekeild modes—got. 6:30 p. m., Sun, 9:30
a.m., and l p.m. All at Chapel House.

- r .e .
The Organizer, film starring Morcollb Mastroianni. Fri. 8 p.m.

 
  
  
  
   
     
  
  
  
 

2., and Sun. 7 p.m.. LC 23..5po:n'ared by the Socialist Coalition.
}
Story Theatre, Feb. 6, 7 88 in the PAC lab Theatre. C’moni live
. o littlel
j; WSUA Sports Wrap, with Daltg lewando and N
t S
y every Sunday, starting at midnight. You can now collainean‘s’tllzllokl

spans vn'th the "axp‘wts" at 7-6443. Only on WSUA
Q Q

 Gospel 0' Matthew/seminar, Mon. Feb. 9, 8:30 p.m., Chapel
. auso.

Accounting Club will me.ot  Feb..9,7:30.BA faculty lounge.

FREE RDmlSSlCN

 
 
 
  

 

.‘M ‘A-

 

 

é VRRSITY lNN
 TONIGHT

‘: Willi Iii/5A1)
g AND SUNV iD

 
 
 
  
  
 
 

  

 
    
   
 
 
  
  

a sad. Wu ' {fut-M
» [Md U.“Schaalet3oslalwerkwl

en terme are avdlahla tn the Oltice at tho '

 
 
  
  

   

  

 
  
  

 
  

 
 
 

e , . . g b
H be hieMon.

‘ 22, to spool to .d introsted in grad relied.
Whalinkﬂreupetthollenbdubmeotlngm m.
9. I p.m., St. Michael‘s lplscopd Church, Killean Park, Colonic.
Chumoett review at the Site with Rabbi Rubin. An inlarmd

Group discussing the relevance of Torah in contemporary times.
CC 373... p.m. AI welcome. I
- o

TUESDAY

Northoaet Hunger Alliance, general interest andplanning
meeting, Tues. Feb. 10, 0 p.m. Important! Please attend.

Archaeological lnstituee'l Ame'rlcoahd the Classics Dept. pre-
sent a lecture Prof. Frederick A. Winter entitled, “lato
Classical and Hellenistic Gordon.” Tues. Fob. l0, 8pm llU 354.

Q Q Q

Undergrad Pal. Sci. Amos, meeting, Tues. Feb. 10, 8 p.m.,
somewhere. All welcome.

I Q Q
to Corcle Francois, meeting Tues. Feb. l0, 7:30 p.m., Physics
lounge, I29. Plans will be discussed concerning our Pot luck
dinner and a weekend trip to It‘dontropl, among other activities.
Dr. suean Wheeler Roy, Counseling Psychologist in private
practice will speak on “The Emotional Impact ol Separation and
Divorce," Tues. Feb. l0, 7:30 p.m., ED 346. For lurther Inlo con-

tact Dr. E. Burns or Mrs. A. Grand, 7-8674.

Q Q Q
The ERA: Why Did it Fail? Speaker, Tues. Feb. l0, 8 p. in. CC
Assembly Hall.

Middle Earth groups now lormihg. Tubs. 8 p.m. and Wed. 3 p. m.
Call 74588 for info and sign-up. Work out concerns in a non-
threatening atmosphere.

. Q Q Q
Phi Gamma Nu invites all women to a wine and cheese party,
Tues. Feb. 10, 3:30-5:30 p.m., BA lounge.
U U
Ski Club Meeting every Tues. night 7130 p.m. in [C 5. We have
ski trips every Sat.
o o o
Na-Dono AnthropolagyClub, interest meeting on Tues. Feb. l0,
8 p.m. SSl 19. Plans tor Careers Night, Boston Trip, Movies and
Guest lesturers will be discussed.
Q Q Q
The Chose Club will be meeting every Tues. night at 7:30in CC
373. All interested, please attend.
Q Q Q

WEDNESDAY

htlIhna, Midrosti, Chassidlc and Jewish philosophy class is

given every Wednesday evening by Rabbi lsrael Rubin at his

home l22 So. Main Ave., 8 p.m. All are welcome. For info. call
482-5781.

Q I

 

_ minccal
 mountal

ANYTIME

1'9 ‘ f“ V .,’A chat-iceta havea delin't i

upsetting “gum”. we ask'hel youis to write 

your repress vol. 07:.  e NVPIRG ettice, CC 303 arm"

on Compi- Association is spohsarln; acontestt

In the New 0" Campus Student lounge. Thereowﬁil‘l‘It'sweuqmiggl
award. Submit eritlres ta OCA, CC 346. '

Q Q Q
Human Potential Workshops: gestalt, once i ' '
dance, chanting, Tai Chi oiietcises: For morbﬁdldrﬁllliwli
moon. “‘

5. Camelot"
nesting.

 

 
  
 

  

Summer Intensive langltogo ﬁregraln directorshl

and Spain) now available. Applicants must be at 5.3.5.333?
level and have a working knowledge at the language Ilil'e
terested, please send a letter and resume to the Oflice cl intm.
national Programs, 55 322. Deadline for applying is Feb 2:)"

Q Q Q
Winter is here at Mohawk Campus. Come out and '
tobeggan, lrollc in the snow, or X-country ski, then rel:
Longhouse. Just l5 minutes on the Northway, oil Exit 8 Fa,
lurlher inlo call 37l-694l. '
Q

Phoenix literary magazine needs you'r poems, stories r ‘
and photos for Spring ’76lssue. Submit written works 
box apposite CC inlo desk; to submit graphics and lat informa.
lion call 7-3074 or 7-8954. PHOENIX Fall '75 is available now
FREE at the SA Contact ollice, next to check cashing, 1

it e o
Albany State Magical Arts Society is looking for people who
want to learn some magic. Beginning or experienced magicians
welcome. Call Jim 456-45Bl lor inlo.
Q

pit Campus Associationis sporisoring a contest to paint a mural
In the new Oli Campus Student lounge. There will be a $50
award to paint the mural. Submit entries to OCA, CC 346,

Q Q
Finance Committee Secretary needed. Toke and type bills and
minutes. Mon. p. m. and Tues. a.m. See Dave, CC 346, M-F,9‘5.

Q
Summer Jobs in Britain, France, and éermany. lnlormalion and
applications are available in the Ollice al International
Programs, 55-322.
Q Q Q

Photographers! Want to use your talents with someone elses
supplies? Contact: Bob, Box l909, State Quad.

The Circus is looking for talenled pebple. We have outlets lor
your work and many resources. For inlo write, The Circus Box
1909, State Quad. '
e o .

BETA. 8.574 BETA, the biological honor society is accepting
applications .(available outside the main office in the Bio
butldtng.) Application deadline is Fri. Feb. l3.
Astronomy Club needs new membbrs. All members al the
SUNYA population are welcome. For more inlo call Melody, 7-
4077 or Bob 7-4979.
Q Q Q

 

She's the kind of young girl that feel:
lonely. Feels left out. Feels the whole
world is a hostile place.

The kind of girl who has crumbled
under the awesome pressures of a
disrupted home and an inconsistent
society. The adolescent girl who has
built a wall around herself and who
wall never grow up emotionally unless
love breaks through to frce her. . . .

The SISTERS OF THE. Goon Sum--
Hm who are religiously committed
and professionally trained dedicate

ll ennew ' ' th  f
I p we use one or her.
themselves to'guiding adolescent girls '

who have personal, social. and f ll
difficulties. am y

As psychologists. child care and
sociul workers. teachers. nurses, rec-
rcntion leaders. and in other fields.
the sisters strive through love, under-
standing. and total commitment to ..
Christ to help these girls find them-
selves and God again.

Do you have it deep interest in
others? Would you like more infor-
mation on our apostolntc of curing?

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

 

Yes, please send me information.
Vacation Director
PSWRS of the 0000 Shepheuo

Madonna Ha I

|
Cuehing Hill Drive, Marlboro. MA 01752

 

 

Nome M

e
Address 11.,
Celine

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
  

 

mo: '

The alternative ﬁlmic experience since 1954.
S's—diapers" ao Cinema

Romeo and Juliet (1936)

presents:

with

Norma Shctircr. Leslie

Friday Feb. 6
7:15 9:45

LCI

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

., «hm—N... ... n”. ".2. W...

Howard. and .lohn Burrymorc

 

 

3.50 with tax card
$1.00 without

 

 

Eel

. __‘-

FEBRUARY 6, 1975

 

 

 

 

militant-summarisingsanctuaries-intrauterine“

rThe Parable of the Guard , ,
At the Railroad Crossing

by Morris E. Econ
In a small town not far from here the main
road through town crosscsthc railroad tracks.
As automobile trafﬁc increased, the number
of accidents at the crossingincrcused and even
some of the citizens of the town were injured.
Lute one night. on returning from
someplace—«no one knew where—one of the
town cldcrs was hit by a freight train and was
killed instantly. After the funeral the town
council decided to engage ti guard to protect
those who travelled the main road. The guard
was conscientious in performing his duties and
no accident was recorded for a langlongtimc.
One din at the monthly town council
meeting it young councillor suggested that in
order to defray the expenses of the salary of
the guard n toll booth should be installed at
the crossing. The suggestion was formally
muvcd ttild approved. The toll booth was in—
stalled and it toll collector was appointed.
After it few months a report was made tntlic
council and it was discovcrcd that the amount
of money thitt had bccn collected was not
enough to pity the sulttry 0f the toll collector.
much less that of the guard. Moreover. it was
rcpnrtcd that only tltc truvcllers who cn-
cuuntcrcd the tall collector bcfnrc crassingthe
trucks were willing to pay the toll. Those com-
ing in the opposite direction bud ulrcudy cross-
ed the trucks when the tail was demanded und
thcyjustly dcclttrcd that they need not pay the
toll. At that same meeting the young coun-
cillor who had proposed the original toll
booth moved than is toll booth be installed on
the other side of the trucks. The mutter was
discussed and tabled for the next meeting.
Mcitnwhilc there was much discussion in
the town undthc majority sentiment seemed to
bc that it was unfair to allow those who
triivcllcd in onc direction to mukcthe crossing
without payment while those whotravcllcd in
the other direction bud to pity. At the next
meeting the proposal for it second toll booth
was quickly passed. with only it few in opposi-
tion. and in il few days it booth was installed
and it second (till collector appointed.

***

in duc course the toll collectors bccomc
quite friendly. even though they hiid previous--
ly lturdly known cuch other. since they came
from opposite ends of the town and thcjuniur
of the piill‘ came from the wrong side of the
trucks. At first they bud bccn accustomed to
being ill their stations from sunrise until late ill
night. After lulking to each other they hccttmc
convinced that it was not fair lllitl they should
he nutty from their l‘umilics for so much of
cziclt uuy illlti furthermore. bcfurc they llild
bccn llppulltlcd tnll collectors they had always
enjoyed it few hours each dtty in the company
of their fellow townsmcn til the bur. They were
convinced tluit this dtiily plctisurc should not
him: to bc l‘nrcgonc by public scrvnnts. So
they made it rcqttcst tlttit the town council
ith‘Slgll two other toll collectors to divide the
hours during which the toll booths wore in
upcruliun.

At first the councillors would not hour of it.
A short time later. lifter it hard-fought clcc-
tinn. tltc new maiynr. who had it iic'cr-do—wcll
sun—in-Iiiw who would not bc hired byunyunc.
rcupcncd tlic muttcr for discussion imd pcr-
suitdcd it hurt: majority of tltc councillors to
npprove the uppultitmcut of tiddititmul toll
collectors.

This worked well for is time until the new
collectors thought it would be fair totrudc-off
the night hours with the older collectors. But
the senior men would itch none of this since
they bud nuidc the request for additional
collectors in the first plucc t0 huvc the evening
hours free. cherul meetings of the council

 

were tukcn up with this mutter and the collec-

f

tors. who had shut down the booths in ordcrto
attend these meetings. urgucd loudly and
vehemently in the presence of the council.
Much to the embarrassment of the mayor the
son-in-luw was the loudest and the least
reasonable of the four.

in one of those rare moments of council
wisdom. the newest councillor proposed that
the town appoint a supervisor oftoll collectors
so that the hours could be scheduled equitably
und justly. This suggestion was not adopted
until two amendments were moved and pass-
cd. Onc amendment deﬁned the duties of the
supervisor us including service as a substitute
collector when one ofthe four others was ill or
was granted leave. The second amendment
raised the toll.

***

Tilt: toll collcction procccdcd quietly and
smoothly for it long time since the supervisor
was it sensible and capable administrator. He
kept thc accounts and paid the salaries ctich
wcck nftbc collectors and the guard us well as
his own. He reported regularly to the town
council and the treasurer was authorized each
month to make up the difference between the
income from the tails and the expenses ofthc
operation which had grown to considerable

  
 
 
  

  

V A

proportions.

The town had had in its treasury a large
reserve as a result of the moneys received
muny years ago from the provincial govern-
mcnt when the mud was built and also from
the railroad when it was built. One day the
treasurer reported that the reserve was
dangerously depicted. He noted that it would
be most difficult to effect economies since the
only salaries paid bythe town outside ofthosc
working at the railroad crossing were those of
one poorly paid teacher and his own. the
trcusurcr‘s, partial salary. Beingthc wealthiest
person in town and the owner ofthc bunk. he
never asked for the full sulury due the
treasurer.

Thi: treasurer. hnwcvcr. bcingtt banker was
not only generous ufspirit but also wise in the
wuys'of lintmcc tutti he did huvcu rccommcn-
dution to make. it was as follows: The town
did maintain it pcnsion fund. Most of the
money in thc fund had conic from the con-
tributions of the guard and the school teacher.
The newest employees had negotiated con-
tracts in which the pensions Wcrc non-
contributury. (Meaning that the employees
did not contribute tothc fund. of course. the
town did not contribute to the pension fund
cithcr. simply obliguting itself to puythc pcn-

ef.

 

Mum.- rs, (iron is a SUNYA pro/mar-

  
    

sions of thecmployccs when they retired .
years hence.) The treasurer recornmendédthit ;
the money in'thc pension fund of the teacher .
and the guard be assigned tothc town reserve 1'
fund. This seemed a sound ides to most ofthe"; '
councillors and it was done. . . I I

The school teacher was disturbed upon?
hearing about this decision and went to soothe ’
town treasurer. He pointed out that the
teacher should not cxpcct to be treated more 3
favorably than the newer employees and
besides her pension plan had been convened
to the non-contributory type and she wouldin '
essence be getting a salary increase. ‘

The guard. however. was not sorcadily pcr- '
suadcd. 'l'hc treasurer argued that hc. the
guard. hudthc casicstjobintawn. He only had
to appear at the crossing for ﬁve minutes at
those times when the trains came through.
only thivc times on each week day and fewer
times on Sunday. The guard insisted that the
money taken from his pension fund be return-
ed. The treasurer pointed out that this was im-
possible. Agtiinst thcttdvicc of hisinvalid wife,
the guard trtivcllcd to the city while his son
guarded the crossing. and he engaged an at-
torney to bring suit against the town.

*i*

When the papers were served on the town
mayor and he announced this at the town
council meeting. than: was much bitterness
and resentment expressed in the direction of
the guard. He was by nature a solitary and
quiet mun. Snmc had seen him its ruthcrsullen
and uncommunictitivc. Although it was
acknowledged that he had performed his
duties conscientiously. his sullcnncss was held
against him. Moreover. it was discovered that
he had taken a day away from his duties
without permission of the supervisor and had
used this time to arrange it suit against the
town. They might overlook his sullcnncss but
this brazen act of irresponsibility growing out
of his excessive pttranoiu about the transfer of
his pension fund, this could not be tolerated.
The mayor sensed that he must act decisively
on this occasion. another election was near, so
he appointed a committee consisting of the
treasurer. as chairperson. tltc budget-minded
town councillor ttnd one other.

Two weeks later the committee appeared
before ti spcciully convened meeting of the
town council and presented a truly brillant
recommendation. It would resolve a number
of problems at one time.

The crossing guard had served in his post
for ninctccn ycttrs. He had taken the post when
he was sixty and was now seventy-nine years
old. The understanding when he engaged was
that he would be retired when he reached the
ttgc of eighty with u pension one-third of his
stilury lit the time of his retirement (it happen-
cd to he the same salary that he earned when
he started). The pension plitn also provided an
option that would provide his wife with in-
cnmc should he prcdcccltsc her. If upon rctirc-
mcnt he chose this option he would receive a
smaller fraction of his salary (one-fourth). All
this detail aside. the third member ofthc com-
mittee. who was a very clever luwycr newly
arrived in town, bud shrewdly noted that in
view of the informal nature of the contract
with the guard. if he wcrcto bcﬁrcd beforcthc
completion of twenty ycttrs of service, he
would not be entitled many of his pension. He
also was of the opinion that if the position
were left vacant for is period of five yours, the
guard would not be able to claim the money
tiiut he had contributed to the pension fund.
Further it wus known that he bud no money
outside of his salary and it was reasoned that
without money to pay for his lawyer the guard
would be compelled to drop his suit against
the town. And most importunt of all. if they
didn't have to pay his salary. the deficit would
be reduced. After till this was explained in
careful detail. the motion to dismiss the guard
was moved and seconded. One of the old
timers noted that this was thclirst time in nine-
teen years that it motion had passed the coun-
cil unanimously.

  
    

 

