 

 

 some...

' were the nor  there

     
  
    

by
V  CIAJVIII be allowed to cider
tmo  contracts will uts'ver-
sities due‘to an executive order on
foreign iﬂdﬁm receme isstted
by Ptesidem Ford. The only stipula-
tion is that suniversity‘stop otﬁo'sls
knowthstthefundingcsmefromthe
CIA. « ‘

A White House spokesperson ex-
plaining Ford's order stressed the
CIA’s riced for academic research

The Presidential order authorizes
the CIA to enter into “contracts and
arrangements" for “classiﬁed or un-
classiﬁed research. . . withacademic
institutions,” as long as top school
administrators know about the CIA
sponsorship.

The Ford order modiﬁes to some
extent an executive order made in
I967 by Lyndon Johnson, barring
secret CIA funding of eduwionai
and other non-profit organizations.
Johnson's order was given after
Ramparl: Magazine had revealed
that the CIA secretly ﬁnanced the
National Student Association and

several other groups.

were hundreds d professors and un-
iversity administrations on over s
hundred campuses who werein some
ofcotlidential contact with the

At least one covert university con-

ne'aion with the CIA existed after a
I967 direaive by Johnson. The
director of the news bureau at the
Washington University Medical
School. in St. Louis, supplied the
CIA with information about
members of the medical school
faculty who traveled abroad. For
eight years the news director kept the

CIA informed of certain professors‘

aaivities.

Harvard University has also had
recent connections with the CIA. In
I969, a contract of $80,000 was paid
by the ClAf or computer intelligence
gathering experiments.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A coaltion of ‘parents and come.
mauve Christian clergy ﬁled suit
recently to halt the teaching a
v Transcendental Meditation in in.

New Jersey public schools.
VA program in four New Jersey
[ugh schools which introduces the
practice of “TM” violated the con-
stitutional doctrine of separation of
church and state. state the irate
citizens. They have labeled TM a
. “subtly disguised form of Hi“.
duism."

LVocaI TM practitioners have
denied the charges. But the coalition
against TM arues that TM Contains
 philosophy, and that lhe TM
rmttatlon ritual involving offerings
of fruit and flowers and kneeling
before a picture of it IImu turn is
further evidence of the “rulitu‘nus”
features of the practice. * (FPS)

  

 

*-

The Republican Party in
Minnesota has come up with ariovel
solution to its problem of attracting
new registrants: it has simply chang-
ed its name.

A recent Gallup Poll found that
when voters were asked to describe
their party affiliation, the
Republican party ﬁnished a poor
third behind both the Democrats
and the Independents.

In Minnesota, the solution was
simple: the Party has ofﬁcially
changed its name from the
"Republican Party" to the
“Independent-Republican Party".

BOOK CROOK

Robert Barnes of Minneapolis,
the author of a book called Are You
Safe From Burglar1257, has been
sentenced to three terms in prison of
up to five years each.

Barnes was convicted last month
for his part in engineering ﬁve
burglaries.

VOTE BUYING

How much does it cost a Political
Party to get your vote?

An analysis of the I972 campaign
by The Syracuse New Times in-
dicates parties spend anywhere from
27 cents to a whopping $6.50 per

 

vote. The People‘s Party was the
most economical, spending iust 27
cents for each vote it received.
Republicans forked out Sl.05 per
vote; while Democrats spent Sl.65
per vote.

The biggest spenders were the
Communist Party at $4.88 per vote;
and the Libertarian Party at a record
$6.50 per favorable vote.

          

 

IN ZILCH WE TRUST
A University of Michigan study
has found that young persons and
their parents are growingincreasing—
Iy cynical and mistrustful of their

 

government. r, p ‘ v v -

The study, conducted by the Un-
iversity's Institute of Social
Research on 2000 young people and
their parents, found that during the
years I965 through 1973. mistrut of ’
the Government more than doubled
among parents, and tripled among
their offspring.

The study found that the genera-
tion gap which appeared so un-
bridgeable in the 1960's is rapidly
closing. mainly because of a growing
lack of trust in government among
young people and their parents.

FREER SEX
"A special Swedish Government
Committee, in a surprisingly frank
report, has recommended that all
laws against incest—that is. sex
between brother and sister or child
and parent—be abolished.

The committee, composed of
seven experts in medicine, sexual
research and law. recommended to
Swedish Parliament that all incest—
except relations between an adult
and a young boy or girl under his or
her care—should be permitted in

  
  

The Committee d reviewed .

most ethical and genetic reisoris for
forbidding incest and had “Not

found these reasons of such impor-
tance that they would justify con-
tinued legal prohibition.”

The seven experts also
recommended that sexual inter-
course be legally permitted as early

 

as age I4, and that the word
“homosexual.‘ be banned from
legislation dealing with sex, so that
all homosexuals would be treated in
the same manner as heterosexuals.

  

    

    

It!" ‘,, c.

battles over propertys‘nd  ‘ ‘

Orenler says he's dieting the

divorce alburns “To serve as a war-

ning to both parties so that they

won't let things get that had again
the next time around.“

ANTI-INUFFIIIB

Groups of New Yorkfeutinistssre
attempting to stop the showing'in
Times Square of the controversial
movie. “Snuff.”

“Snuff” purports to show the real-
live murder and dismemberrnent of
an unsuspecting woman actress on
the screen. Most critics who have
seen the ﬁlm report that the so-cslled
real-live murder is actually a poorly
done fake.

However, several feminist groups
have lodged complaints with New
York City and Federal ofﬁcials,con-
tending that the movie presents the
idea of a Woman being murdered on
the screen as a titilating thing.

-F;_<_._.' ..

 

wwc' W; is.“ .T T

 

Vgi The House Select Committee on
5' Intelligence, chaired by Otis Piltc
(D-NY). found that the CIA had
violated Johnson's orders against
covert funding for universities.
Although publication of the com-
mittee‘s report on the CIA was
blocked by Congressional action,
portions that were leaked to the
 press stated that the CIA had
* “unilaterally reserved the right to,
V: and does, depart from the Presiden~
VV  tial order when it has the need to do
V ‘_ 50."
V A} According to the leaked
E 9 documents, the House committee
was told by Carl Duckett, head of
v the CIA's division of science and
V; V technology, that the agency has
“ongoing contracts” for research
with a “small number of univer-
sities," and that “some are covert.”
No specific universities or
research projects were named in the
leaded portions of the House com-

It takes the best
to challenge  
all the rest.  

 
 
   
   
     

 

#RadIO Ihaeli—y

SAVE s119.85 . . . IREALISTIG®
STEREO COMPONENT SYSTEM!

0 Realistic STA-82 AM-FM Stereo Receiver with Auto-Magic“D
FM Tuning 0 Two Realistic Mini-10 Walnut Veneer
Bookshelf Speaker Systems 0 Realistic LAB-34
Changer with Base and $17.95 Value Cartridge

 

   

 

 

 

 

about — a large famlly of communlty-mindod men dodlcated
to the sarvlce of youth. (And no one gets lost.)

In the 1600's a chance mootan between a poor
priest and a street urchIn served to create a movement of such
success that It Is still growlng today. Don Bosco became the ,
priest who brought youth back from the streets -— and v
back to God.

He reasoned that a program of play. learn and pray would
make useful clfizens of the world. He crowded out evIl with V
reason, rellglon and kIndness In a (what was then unheard of)
atmosphere of family sptrlt.

   
 
 

rnittee report.
-  wsur 'ro TALK IT oven?
'  . Call Middle Earth—4576300 :
L 1‘1 ‘ 24 Home l D . ' ' ' lma Inc an order of 22,000 priests and brothers In 73
:7: _ ~~-  Components SOld Separately . . .  coming: around the world. (That's a pretty big lamlly.)
. § M‘ But that’s what the Salaslans of St. John Bosco are all 

 

   

 

      
   

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

The Ideals of St. John Bosco are slIII wIth us today. Hla
‘ work goes on In boys clubs, technlcal and acadamlc schools,
‘ guldance centers. summer camps and mlsslons. And hls very
human approach is very evldent In the family splrIt of the
" i; Saleslans. This Is the way he wanted It. This Is the way It Is.
The Saleslan experlence Isn't learned -—- It‘s llved.
----—--—--q "i"
 ' For more Intormatlon about Saleslan Priests and ’ V
I . . . and you can I Brothers, mall thts coupon to:
it t . I Father Joseph, 8.0.3. Room A-OOI I
7 ' , - v tr.» .
, 1‘ " - .. V ' , ,V v ,V V I r   | s n or 31. JOHN sosco
 V I x.  Us ‘ y ‘ ' ‘ 1 i V » At Radio Shack I Fllors Lane, West Hevorstrsw. N.Y.10993
 ‘\  "if"; ' ‘ ' I ’T ' ' I I' I j '5' L i 2: i i 7 V i ' ’- I am Interested In the Prlosthocd D Brotherhood C] '
 ’\I  r l 4 t ‘ " V ' . 1 I"! r “r v I ‘1"? I .
‘ l, . , , . . ' ' V V V .. , 4 t , t~ V f l
=’ P samurai». mitt: "'N' ’* . ’ " ‘t‘ ' *   ' '-  ‘ 1 ' ‘ comm: SHOPPING CENTER wssrcxra SHOPPING CENTER ‘ I
t“; ‘r .5 ’ ; rV , 23 ; v . . , V . A z. ., ',' v V I j <f:V , o t “we. 438-8070 . m “""' " '
'l :5 i :i 1 4 ‘ . A ' v " OPEN MON. - SAT. 10 a.m. - 9:30 pm. OPEN MON. - SAT. to a.m. - 9 pm. m -
, i  ~, , . v ,V e    _   "A". I g"... strum V
, gt‘. V . 1‘ ' - ’ '. r ' - V 3 .i ;. ' t 1 7 V I VE
‘ ’ ' w W: '3 - ‘ . - ,  ‘ , “3 85 CENTRAL A ‘ Most Itama also "assu- VV
'.  ‘ . _-...v.-.»..'v""rs,.',~,u..»o~  v a I .,~ : g  - . «mm  cm——————-r-~ "9—— z'
V. 2;. , , In  O  - ‘ ~ r v . OPEN WEEKDAYS 9 am. - 9 pm. SAT. 9 llm- - 5 nm- 
-,V  .V auyn an) 336 s i ‘ . V r  t M.”
3 V  - i Manh (2l2) 683 6l6l , PABST BHEWING . I "A rauov CORPORATION comedy rmces no mo A'rmowtouxt STORES ) I
:r‘V  V ‘ V *i
’ é a .""' "QR-"3?” ‘ 4" Peoria Hei his I» N COMPANY' M"“’“"k°°~ WIS - °'“"‘
 ,V V . ere-mag- .0 -. . 9 . -. awark, N,J,, L08 Angel”. cam Pub-It G V V V
*   . successes I ' ' ‘ - . " 8 ' 9°79“ . ., " I
,  ' ~ P59331331 - ~ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . ‘ v. . - . . MARCH 12 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE NIHI
 ' .r. MARCH 12, 1976 ' I '
s 1 & V ' V .V,

 

 

»t9

     

  

 

