 

 

 

 wmg-«Sa'p‘w 4mm...“ .

l

villi-Iii!)  "W.  I‘m
Mama's-inure ureter

vilihandtoindividualsin 2cm

Tenneco  reported ' the ',
pay-sells in a rcport ﬁled over the

. weekend with the Securities and Ex-

chans Conrad-ion. Company of-
ﬁa'ab said ti: st‘ernem was ﬁled
volataarily became of ﬂowing con-
cern abort such payments made by
«his eompaniu. , .

lathe United States. the company
aid. pyments went to political can-
did... state tlility hoard clairmen
and Ioal govu-ntnent officials from
l970-I975.

Payments were made by Tenneco

.or its subsidiariu to public officials

or candidates in Louisiana. Florida.
Pennsylvania. Texas. Indiana.
California. Illinois, Kentucky.
Wracorain and Rhode Island, the
company said:

it characterized some of the
payments as campaign con-
tributions. but did not detaibe the
nature of others.

Harold Kelley, aformer Kentucky
Public Service Commission chair-
man. said he would ask tlte state at-
torney general to investigate the
Tenneco report.

Kelley and William Loggn. who
also served in the post during the
period Tenneeo said it made cash
payments in amounts' ranging from
$200to $2,000. both denied receiving
money from the ﬁrm.

“I would like to know when those
payments were supposedly made.
who they were paid to. and under
what circumstances they were paid.
Under no circumstances were they
paid to me." Kelley said.

Angolan

ANGOLA (AP) Western-backed
troops were reported Monday
harassing Cuban soldiers in newly
launched guerrilla action in Angola
and sources said ashipment of arms
from Zaire was airlifted to the anti-
Marxist forces deep in the bush.

Meanwhile. Britain blasted
mercenary intervention on in the em-
battled southwest African state. and
South African shares fell onthe Lon-
don stock exchange amid mourning
concern over gains by Communist-
supplied troops in Angola.

Two planes from Kinshasa. Zaire.
loaded with arms. deﬁed patrolling
MlGl7 ﬁghters to‘bolster between

.15.000 and 20.000 National
Union/UNITA ——troops deep in
eastern Angola's bush country. UN-
lTA sources said in Lusaka. Zambia.

The informants said the latest
arms consignment included antitank
weapons capable of piercing the ar—
mor of Soviet T34 and T54 tanks.

UNITA leader Jonas Savimbi. in
a statement recorded in eastern

Angola and ﬂown to Lusaka. said
his men have already begun to nip at
the ﬂanks of Cuban troops assisting
the Soviet-backed Popular
Movement—MPLA

“We are to continue our struggle
because we think that we cannot
accept a minorityregd meimposed on
our people by Cuban troops and
Russian tanks." Savimbi said. “So
long as injustice continues. we will
continue the struggle until our peo—
ple have a democratic govern-
ment.“

About 200 British mercenaries are
ﬁghting against the MPLA in
Angola. Britain's deputy foreign
secretary. David Ennals. said in his

PAGE TWO

Tetineco did not identify
retipiemsrof the payment by'name
"or tbvamount of:sz of the
psytnem; saying this Maturation
was ba'ng turned over to the Interml
Revem: Service. ‘ .
"I can assure everybody that no
such cont-ibutiom came during my
term." said Logan. noting that the
PSC normally does not regulate in-
terstate gastransmission companies.
In Baton Rouge, la. Judge
August Nobile Jr. said I: had no

mm on his  lathe _

description of ﬁle whom
Tenneco said it had paid 31.000.

The company said thejudge, who
was running for an appellate court
seat. had issued an injunction
against ciolence during a union
strih at a Tenneco plant before the
payment and after the transaction
denied a union motion to dissolve
the injunction.

The drcumstances could ﬁt Judge
Nobile of the 25th Judicial District.

.RA’s May Lose Single Room

continued from page one
RAs with adouble sized single room.
The Division of the Budget has
calculated that this has resulted in
400 unused beds. beds they would
like to see rented. in that case. RAs
would be given either a single sized
room free. or they could beforced to
have roommates.
Resident assistants have also been
.p‘ven free board. telephones and
cash stipends. and it is possible that
these types of compensation may
also be cut for the fall semester. RAs
at Brockport, Cortland. Geneseo.
Oneonta. Canton and Cobleskill
receive room. board and telephone
for theirservices, while RAs at Stony
' Brook and Old Westbury are given
only their room free. The reason for
this is that the title resident assistant
refers to many different positions
held by students at the SUNY
schools. Bristow feels that the com-
pensation awarded is generally coni-
parable to the services required of
the resident assistant.
Having only recently been hit with

the tight budget, SUNY Central
faces a close deadline to decide what
is to be done about the resident assis-
tant situation. Most schools inform
their resident assistant applicants of
their decisions in the middle of
March. As it stands now the schools
cannot be sure of exactly how many
positions they have to offer.

SUNY Central

continued from page one
university as a lecturer, and I include
the president in that. Not one of
them is a scholar who knows
anything about scholarship.”

According to John Spalek, chair-
man of the Task Force on Priorities
and Resources. all areas within the
university are being examined for
possible reductions including “what
might be called general administra-
tion. Everything is being looked at
quite hard." says Spalelt.

The Task Force will submit a
report to President Emmett B. Fields
by March l.

Struggles Continue

government's strongest condemna-
tion of the mercenary issue so far:

“It's time this dangerous nonsense
stopped . . . Tire presence of those
who sell their killing power for
money is more likely to prolong the
conﬂict than to end it.”

Ennals statement came a day after
l00 mercenaries ﬂew from London
to Kinshasa. Zaire. en route tojoin
the ﬁghting in Angola.

The passage of pro-Western
mercenaries through Zaire

prompted Zaire President Mobutu
Sese Seko to issue strengthened
orders Monday to all airports and
broder posts. as well as Zaire cm-
bassies abroad, to prevent passage of
the soldiers of fortune through his
country.

A group of 22 mercenaries. in-
cluding an unidentiﬁed American.
whose arrival more or less coincided
with Mobutu's orders, were being
expelled from Zaire back to Britain.
Zaire government ofﬁcials said.

Junk Food Vindication Song

LOS ANGELES (AP) And now for
everyone who‘s ever felt guilty about
gobbling down a Big Mac or a
Hostess Twinkle—and liking it—
comcs a song of vindication.

It's called “Junk Food Junkie."
and it tells the schizophrenictale ofa
young man who by day is so far into
health food that the folks down at
the Whole Earth Vitamin Bar call
him Mr. Natural. Come nightfall.
though. it‘s a different story.

“But when that clock strikes mid-
night and I'm all by myself, I work
that combination on my secret
hideaway shelf. And I pull out some
Fritos Corn Chips, Dr. Pepper and
an 01' Moon Pie; then I sit back in
glorious expectation of a genuine
junk food high."

“I've hit home on something
here.” says tarry Groce. the writer
and singer of “Junk Food Junkie.“
He must be right. The record is No.
29 on Billboard Magazine's national
list of top selling popsingles and also
appears on the country and easy

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

listening charts.

The success comes in spite of the
fact that a few radio stations
reportedly have refused to play the
record for fear of offending adver-
tisers named in the lyrics. But
elsewhere some of those same adver~
tisers have participated in special
promotional contests, such asjunk
food eating contests.

All this attention is most welcome
to Grace. is f olk-ﬂavored singer with
an amiable voice who‘s been making
a living at performing and recording
for six years without cracking the
national market.

A bearded, dark-eyed man of 27
who lives in a rural area near Philip-
pi. W. Va.. Grocc says he wrote
“Junk Food Junkie" as a humorous
comment on a social phenomenon
he‘s grown up with.

“This is the way America is," he
explains cheerfully. “No matter what
people say. they wind up catin' this
stuff." And Groce says he‘s no excep-
tion.

George Manny Denounces Ford and Reagan.
MIAMI IIACH. Fla. (AP) AFL-CIO President George Meany stud today
that President Ford lacked compassion for the “little people. by vetomg
ledtlation that Cdnyess said would have created thousands of j obs. Meany
called Ford a captive of the nation's big corporations arid stud that If the
United States is to recover from its economic recession 'we ve got to sum
ptting people back to work." At a news conference marking the opemng of
the AFL-ClO's winter meeting. thelabor chieftatn denounced both Ford and
his Republican challenger. former California Gov. Ronald Reagan. 35
products of Republican conservatism. Meany also dulled Alabama Gov.
George C. Wallace “a disaster.“

Modems Agree to Observe Cease-lire .
IEIRUT, lebsnon(AP) Syrian pressure brought Moslem and leftist leaders
into line Monday behind the political reforms designed to end the Moslcm-
Christian civil war in Lebanon. After a series of conferences Wllll Syrian
Foreign Minister Abdul Halim Khaddam. some retracted statements
rejecting the Syrian-sponsored reforms which President Suleiman Franjlch
announced Saturday night. Radical Palestinian guerrilla groups toned down
their objections. “We shall strictly observe the Syrian-negotrated-ceaseﬁre,
but we shall continue the struggle to achieve the masses' aspirations in
Lebanon by nonviolent methods," said the spokesman for the Marxist
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.

Pill May Be Linked to Liver Tumors

CHICAGO (AP) A Kentucky medical research group reports that oral
contraceptives may cause tumors of the liver. Doctors fromthe University of
Louisville School of Medicine wrote in the Feb. l6 issue of the Journal of Iho
American Medical Association that IS young women developed liver tumors
after taking birth control pills. Nine of the tumors were benign. four
malignant. The patients were young. nonalcoholic. generally healthy and 1 rue
of liver disease. said surgeon E. Truman Mays. MD. The exact role of
contraceptive pills in liver tumors is unproved. he said. “but a possible llnli
between these pills and hepatic liver tumor seems increasingly likely.“

Osano Denies That He Helped Lockheed

TOKYO (AP) Millionaire Kenji Osano denied under oath today that he
helpt'd Lockheed sell planes in Japan and said he was considering suing the
U.S. aircraft company's former president for defamation. Osano. a close
friend of former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka. was the ﬁrst witness at the
parliamentary budget committee's probe into former Lockheed [ltt‘lsltlt'nl
A.C. Kotchian‘s report that his company paid Sl2.3 million to boost its sales
in Japan between l958 and 1973. Kotchiantold a U.S. Senate subcommittee
that Osano was helpful in Lockheed's drivef or Japanese sale. Osano testiﬁed
that he had met Kotchian several times. but he denied that he assisted him i n
pushing aircraft sales or even discussed such sales with him.

Kissinger Begins Tour In Venezuela

CARACAS. Venezuela (AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger begun
his much-postponed trip to Latin America on Monday hoping to keep
divisive issues such as Cuba and the Panama Canal as far in the background
as possible. Hours before his arrival. some students at the Central Unnﬂsll)
of Venezuela in Caracas staged demonstrations against the visit. Slltlllilng
“down with Kissinger" and “we don't want the ClAin Venezuela." unncrslt)
sources reported. The police did not enter the campus. Besides chc/ucl‘d.
Kissinger will visit Peru. Brazil. Colombia. Costa Rica and Guatemala
before he returns to Washington Feb. 24.

Medical Labs chk Back Money to Doctors
WASHINGTON (AP) Asmall number of medical laboratorics are kicking
back millions of dollars in Medicaid fundsto physicians in at least flu- mutt.
investigators are telling a Senate panel. The testimony clinic as the Sunlltc
committee on aging began hearings Monday on allegations of fraud and
abuse among medical laboratories. The chairman of the cnmnrntcc. \cn
Frank E. Moss. D-Utrth. Said in an openingstatement [hill 11 small number ul
labs control the bulk of Medicaid payments.

Embassy Denies Illness Due to Soviets

MOSCOW (AP) The American Embassy on Monday termed “inaccurate
and misleading" a published report that U.S. Ambassador Walter Stncsscl
has a mysterious blood ailment possibly caused or aggravated by high level
microwaves bcnmcd at the embassy bythe Soviets. It said Stocsscl hm gum'
cross-country skiing and played paddle tennis in recent days. The lioslon
Globe on Monday quoted sources as saying Stoessel‘s alleged mlmcnl
resembles leukemia and wasa major factor leadingto an American prnlcal W
the Kremlin over microwave transmissions.

Hearst Shows Jury Place of Captivity

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Patricia Hcarst. accompanied h)’ h" “I”
returned today to an apartment where the young heiress su)’h ‘h‘ “,m
imprisoned in a cell-like closet and forccdtotake part in a bank robber). lhc
entourage of defendanl.judge andjury arrived at the apartment building 0"
Golden Gate Avenue in a predominantly block area of the CM “W’mm‘
with Miss Hearst the ﬁrst arrival. Federal marshals wore on lnmd it» A
security measure. and Police squad cars sealed off each end of the Maui h
was the ﬁrst stop on a rainy-day tour that also was to include the hmm- in
suburban Daly City where Miss Hearst was first taken nfler hcins k‘d'wcd
by the Symbionese liberation Army two years ago.

FEBRUARY 17. 1976

Reefer 

by Gavin Mtlplly

The 1976 session of the New York
legislature now meeting here in
Albany is likely _to see a strongeﬁ'ort
by many legislators toformulatc and
pass a bill decriminalizing personal
use of marijuana in New York State.

Several bills are being reviewed by
the Codes Committee which is
attempting to come up with one bill
that the legislators will accept.

Marsha Weinstein. administrative
assistant for the committee. explain-
ed: “We are trying to get a law this
session [but] we don‘t have one bill
everyone is supporting. There’s a lot
of emotionalism."

The issue is fomenting controver-
sy within the state government.

Governor Carey has advocated
dccriminalization. but he and other
supporters are likely to meet strong
opposition from Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson who said
that he is opposed to the Governor's
plan that would decriminalize the

sale of up to two ounces of mari-
juana. ‘ ' ' >

Most disagreement: concerning
the proposed hills is centered around
the deﬁnition of “sale” and what
quantity should. be considered for
“personal use."

Anderson believes the proposal
“will largely beneﬁt bigtime pushers
and organized crime."

Despite the controversy over
details. the pervasive attitude seems
to be that it is time for New York to
join Alaska. California. Colorado.
Maine and Ohio in passing a lawthat
makes possession of small quantities
of marijuana no longer a crime and
which will save the state millions of
dollars in legal expenses.

One bill, sponsored by
Assemblyman Richard Gottfried of
the 67th Assembly district in
Manhattan. makes possession of up
to an ounce of marijuana a “viola-
tion” that would be punishable by up
to a $l00 ﬁne—no jail sentences. En-

forcement would be by ticket or
summons and not arrest.

Another bill sponsored by
Assemblyman Herbert J. Miller
allows two ounces to be considered
for personal use as what the bill calls
“casual non-proﬁt transfer" both to
be considered violations punishable
by a ﬁne of no more than 5100.

Governor Carey proposed that
casual possession and non-proﬁt
sale of up to two ounces be a viola-
tion punishable by a ﬁne 'not to ex-

   : . g‘rs

maszso, '

Frank Fioramanti. legislative
counsel for the National Organiza-
tion for the Reform of Marijuana
Laws (NORML). is trying to pusha
bill sponsored by his organization
that allows four ounces for personal
use.
He is readily identiﬁable by the
bronze marijuanaieal' with NORML
inscribed on it. that he sports on his
suit jacket lapel.

When asked if he thought mari-

idestl certainly hope so? 7
Asiemblyrnan Gottfried. in. a" I

letter to his colleagues says: ‘Thsf 

need for this bill is urgnt;Tlla'.
cost—insurredlivesand wastedlaw'
enforcement—is stagpring,”
Legislators in favor of
decriminalization feel that, pot has
become increasingly sodally accep-
table and that no evidence exists that
proves marijuanato be harmful.

Nursing Program Feared Ailing

by Karen Zipern
and Joan Ellsworth

If there appear to be more
students than usual clad in blue nur-
sing uniforms on campus. it is no
mere coincidence. And if big. bold

weng

These blue-clad nursing students may become a rare alght at SUNYA If the Mural ng Program to cut.

Slippery Problem Plagues SUNYA

by Elaine Krame

SUNYA Maintenance is battling
against a series of rain leaks in the
lecture centers. quads and elsewhere
on campus.

For anyone who has noticed these
leaks the hard way. by approaching
the vending machines in front ofthe
computer sciences center in a quick
skid along the customary pond
residing there; or for those who ques-
tion the charm of rain buckets placed
pioneerstyle across SUNYA's cor-
ridors. comfort may be found in
knowing that something is being
done.

U port the occurance of heavy rain,
maintenance is deluged with a tide
of angry complaints. says
Mnintcnuncc Shop Coordinator
Donald King. Because ofthis. unin-
vestlguilon was made.

According to Physical Plant

within the structure of the outside
corridor ﬂoor just above lecture
center ceilings. Sandwiched between
these layers. along with alevel bed of
gravel and ﬁber insulation, is the
culprit: tar-mat. This continuous
layer of waterprooﬁng has become
inefficient because of numerous
small cracks in it.
Joints Stupected

The problem is not new. There
was a flurry of construction two
summers ago. when the expansion
joints (spaces between the structural
concrete slabs designed to allow for
expansion due to temperature
changes) were suspected of thcleak.
The water bafﬂes. which deﬂect and
regulate water ﬂow above the ex-
pansion joints were settled with a
ﬂexible watertight layer. Continuing
leakage, however. provod that this
was only part of the problem.

l

 .w :5ms:‘u\\\\ W’\ﬁ§;\\\\.\\\\‘\’“\
, l I .

FEBRUARY 17, 1976

l l

Further investigation produced
the current theory: there are cracks
in the water-prooﬁng layer. Accor-
ding to this theory. water soaks into
the ceiling insulation, bypassing the
watertight bafﬂes and travels along
tothe nearest cxpansionjoint. escap-
ing down onto the head of the
nearest passcrby.

Accordingto Kopf and Joel True
of Campus Planning, opening the
entire ﬂoor surface around campus
to locate all leaking cracks is imprac-
tical. Therefore the water will be
removed from the insulation layer
via drains installed at the lowest and
deepest points of water collection.

However. actual construction
work is only possible. “when the
weather breaks." explained Kopf.
The official construction period is
from April to November.

Meanwhile. the remedy process
continues. A request has been sub-
mitted to SUNY Central for the es-
tomnted minimal cost of Sl50.000
needed to contract a construction
ﬁrm.

In the interim. maintenance does
what it can—using mops. buckets.
and even a run-off trough across the
ceiling to prevent leakage from
reaching the bookstore.

Wading to class may he an irrita-
tion , yet. “bucket looks are not the
major problem." stresses King. who
asserts that things like water in a
fusebox presents the real trouble.

One luughing student observed
“I‘d say in ﬁve years, the cnmpus‘ll
just fall apart." Yet according to
Plant plans, indoor guloshes will be
in order until the rain is effectively
sealed our of SUNYA halls.

letters spelling out: “Are they killing
nursing at SUNYAT'——thc word
killing is traced over in red for
effect—confront you wherever you
turn. this too is no coincidence.

These are all part of a massive
campaign by nursing students to
save their program from what they
feel is un nbrupt and unjustifiable
end.

“Our trim is to save the program.
We are cducatingthc public and the
legislature to the kinds ofthings go-
ing on on campus." said Karen
Thompson. who is leading a student
task force with Kris Mcsler'.both are
senior nursing students.

The task force is urging students
to call Field's office about the
matter, and has gotten many parents
to call and write both SUNYA ud-
ministrators and their legislators.
They plan to go to shopping centers
with petitions. urging the communi-
ty to come to the aid of the nursing
school.

The nursing faculty. pleased with
thc high degree of student commit-
ment. offer encouragement
whenever possible. To make upfora
recently cancelled nursing quiz. the
teacher suggested that students in-
stead spend one hour working “for
the cause."

According to Marjorie Meyer.
Nursing Coordinator. this
widespread fear of budgetary cuts is
nothing new for the nursing
program; “Whenever the university
is faced with budgeting cuts. we in
the nursing department are faced
with a dilemma. This stems from the
fact that our budget is higher than
most other schools at SUNYA."

But having had past experience
with the problem is no great com-
fort. Meyer is concerned: “The fact
that everyone is keeping quiet. and
the rumors are not being denied. is a
bud sign." said Meyer. Thompson
and Mcslcr met with President
Fields and got the feeling he was very
non-committal. They said. “If the
school is closed outright. we do plan
legal action in order to enable the
girls in the program to graduate."

SUN YA is one ofthree schools in

the Capital distrirx that offers afour-
year baccalaureate nursing degree. A
bill is being introduced in the
legislature which will require a
bachelor‘s degree for a license as a
professional nurse. By I985.

.programs such as the one offered

here will be in stronger demand.

Organizations such as the New
York State Nurses Association are
alarmed at the possibility of a nur-
sing shutdown at SUNYA. They
point to the high quality of the
program and strategic location of
the school.

Barbara Hanley. who is the
legislative director for the associa-
tion, said: “SUNYA has a ﬁne. high-
quality program. To remove a B S
program from this area would be
critically serious.“ ‘

Mrs. Lussier. asupervisor withthe
Schenectady Visiting Nurses
Association said that one SUNYA
graduate is now employed as a nurse
by her group: “i am very upset about
the possible closing. There are so few
places now where nurses can take
continuing education courses in the
tri-city area." I .

Some nursing students are
worried that the nursing program
may be facing an immediate shut-
down.

Phillip Sirotkin, Vice President
for Academic Affairs. said worried
parents have contacted him about
this.

“For a student in any program
that is terminated there will be an ap-
propriate time for them to complete
their degree."

According to Barbara Picta.
supervisor of nursing education at
the State Education Department.
the university does have the legal
right to discontinue any program,
due to lack of funds. But. says Pieta.
the university does have “a moral
obligation to at least phase out the
program. or help get the students
placed in another program in
another school." She says that any
student feeling his or her rights were
violated can individually bringlaw-
suits against the university for
breach of contract.

 

 

NOMINATIONS for the position of Editor-in-Chicf of the Albany Student

Press will bcucccpted from February l3to February 27. Nominees must befull-

time undergraduates at SUNYA. The Editor-in-Chief is empowered to

represent the Albany Student Press. and is responsible for the direction.

production. content and policy of the Albany Student Press. letters of

nomination should be submitted to the Managing Editor in Campus
Center 329. Elections will be held March 8.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

