 

Tothijuwt‘ -  v
, , , e ﬂipping lazil through an ASP on-
,. February 24 my eyes  across an article
emitted ‘31er to Bureaucracy“, by CarySeott
Goldlnﬁ.‘ After finding the entire account of
the illéfated Spanish fill-Bolus, of which i am
a member. 1 welcompelled to respond in
defense of the woman who, according to Mr.
Goldinger, is “not really ateacher” and in con-
fused sggrsvstion'towards the ASP.

Mrs. B as she has asked me to refer to her
as , agreduate student at SUNYA, is currently
sacriﬁcing three hours per week for class time
and countless hours of her own time for the
102-3 class. Although she has no college

teaching experience. she has taughteighth
graders. She considers this class as the chance
of her lifetime. Contrary to Mr. Goldinger‘s
article, she has an ofﬁce (Tuesdays and
Thursdays, HU 28]. 2:30-4:30) and the in-
terference between her class bey'nning at 8:45
(rather than 9:10 as scheduled) and my 8:10
class has not shattered my constitution.
Moreover, Mrs. Blives 25 nriles away fromthe
campus, yet she seems to make it here on time
with amazing consistency. This may be sur-
prising to some. since she is not being paid a
cent for her efforts. Hers is an open and shut
case of ' innocence. The fault of her late
teaching assignment. her immediate lack of of-
ﬁce space, and her cancelation of Friday
classes lies elsewhere in the maze of
bureaucratic bullshit (second floor
Humanities, you can't miss it.)

As for our Albany Student Newspaper, i am
shocked to ﬁnd such as article, an article based
solely on hercsay and secondhand inter-
pretations, readily published and printed. Mr.
Goldinger statedincorrectly that a student was
assured of a teacher “deﬁnitely' by that said
Friday (January 23) and that the class's
problems would be “straightened out"
“deﬁnitely” by that following Monday. i am
the student Mr. Goldinger speaks so freely of,
and my story, when juxtaposed to the story in
“intro To Bureaucracy“, runs adiffercnt rou-

te.

On the third day of classes (January 21) l
was assured a teacher by the following
Wednesday. On that Wednesday I was told by
the Chairperson of the Humanities Depart-
ment that the class wastoeither by taught by a
then unnamed graduate student or cancelled.
Due to bad weather. the chairperson failed to
make a decision. and Friday's session was also
suspended. The following Monday. Mrs. B‘s
car door was frozen shut, and, although class
was missed again. assignments were given and
the course had ﬁnally commenced.

I object to the slandering of the innocent. l
object to yellowjournalism. But mostly. lam
infuriated when the lutterinduccsthc former.

Scott Frisk
The author responds:

The intent of my article was not to question
the dedication or the leaching ability of the.
graduate student. Rather, I sought to point
out the feeling of frustration students en-
counter when dealing with bureaucratic
problems.

CS. Goldinger

PhD Cont’d

To the Editor:

Prof. H. Peter Krosby's letter (ASP,
Feb. 20) chastizes the twenty-one members of
the English Department who protested the,
plan the administration is considering to
revive our PhD program. He calls our letter
(ASP, Jan 20) a “pathetic communication"
and suggests that although “one could readily
sympatqu with us," we are mlsmotivated and
we misunderstand SUNYA‘s mission.

We do not want sympathy but rather un-
derstanding of. what we actually wrote.
Professor Krosby has misread our letter and

twisted its meaning.

PAGE TWELVE.

I create an

'  t he
ogem would‘hurtyAlbaay’s maps as a

, P? _ .
graduate cerrtsr. What we were protutingwp

I‘tlr'e way in which the SUNYA adriiinistr'stion
has thus far addressed the problem," which he
declared threatened the English Departmern',

' the Humanities Division,- andtlrequality of

undergraduate education at SUNYA. Our ob-
jection. it must be made clear, was and still is
to the procedure. not to the goals. We said we
wanted to work with the administration “to
innovative graduate ~- degree
program that would both maintain SUNY‘A's
university status and also serve better the
needs of contemporary education." Never did
we limit our hope merely to ecpanding our
Doctor of Arts program, but we urged ex-
ploration of “a more ﬂexible PhD program."

Professor Krosby reminds us that our mis-
sion as a university center was outlined in the
“master plan" of some ﬁfteen years ago. By so
doing he reafﬁrms, unwittingly. one of our
fundamental arguments: that times have
changed; the old master plan may now be
anachronistic; that the time has passed when
institutions such as ours can economically or
morally indulge their dreams of prestige by
building traditional PhD programs “modeled
on a Harvard-Berkeley pattern." That's a
quotation from the recent report of the
National Board. on Graduate Education,
which we also quoted as saying, “as fcwas one
in ten new doctoratcd may secure faculty
employment in the next decade." In other
words, we said we did not want to aggravate
the problem of an expanding number of
traditionally trained PhD‘s and a shrinking
job market.

Professor Krosby seems to question the
motives of the "more than half“ of thetwenty-
one signers of our letter who are non-tenured
and of “the rest [who] remain dedicated to the
level of quality which characterized the
teachers college from which SUNYA sprang"
—as if that level were low. The suggested allu-
sion to the myth of Athena, 5 UN Y A‘s
traditional goddess. as she sprang full bodied
from Zeus' forehead, is interesting. because
unlike the mythical Athena SUNYA did not
spring full bodied from the teachers college
but evolved organically from the tradition of
excellence. in scholarship as well as teaching,
of the~ old college. It must be made clear to
both professor Krosby and the the SUNYA
community that it was not easy for the non-
tenured faculty (a bare majority of eleven) to
sign our letter. Their signing could be regard-
ed. ungenerously, asself-serving, or in another
way, it could risk disapproval. They. and the
tenured ten, signed because of their commit-
ment to our English Department tradition and
its potential for both graduate and un-
dergraduate education in the future.

Jeffrey Berman
Michael Kaufman
William E.’Rowley
Harry C. St‘aley

unity in diversity
in the university

To the Editor:

in these times of pecuniary stringency and
ﬁscal peril. I feel it is imperative. in light of
SUNYA's drastic academic cutbacks. for
creative innovations to revamp our
curriculum offerings. 1 thereby propose a
merger of the Afro-American Studies, Judiac
Studies, Puerto Rican Studies, and Women‘s
Studies Departments into one all-inclusive
People‘s Studies Department, which would
encompass a survey of all the sub-groups of
the human species. The union of these
departments would. i believe, do much to br-
ing together the diverse ethnic/sexual
groupings on campus, as Well as to reduce
clerical overload withscant Iossineducational
potential.

The Department’s introdudioaary course
offering would be a general overview of

I'll, , V , i? . . .
concentration would :alsobe required take
three other.  dealing with 
humsnlsulrpoup's. For instance. a student
electing to a specialise in the Puerto Rican
concentration in the People's Studies Deput-
ment would take the Department’s Introduc-
tory course. at least eight courses dealing with
other ethnic groups within the department.
This new proviso i feel would aid students
by encouragingthem to develop an understan-
ding broader than one people, culture, or sex-
ual grouping A uniﬁed People's Studies
Department would also be ablcto periodically
offer other courses dealing with human sub-
groups that do not have sub-departmental
status. Such courses as The Scandanavian Ex-
perience, The Embattled Male, and The
Catholic Community could be conceivably

offered under the aegis of the Department. in ~

addition, each of the four major sub-groups of
the People's Studies Department would
provide an introductory course to its concen-
tration, i.c. The Black Experience. The Puerto
Rican Experience, The Feminine Experience,
The Jewish Experience. for the beneﬁt of
those in the Department and other interested
students. There would be ﬁscal savings in cen-
tralized administration and these saving
could ve used to revitalize sagging schools here
and / or to augment successful departments.
With the continuing possibility of steeper
budget slashes ahead. i believe my idea would
be the best way to maintain all four
departments at Albany State, while allowing
each todisplay its own separate identity within
the People‘s Studies Department. Although
there may be some opposition to my proposal
due to the loss of departmental autonomy, i
feel in this critical period, it is better for all
concerned now tp put aside dicisions. and
work together for rnutuai beneﬁt. Let us strive
to achieve ‘Unity in Diversity.‘
Peter Feffcr

little orphan olbony

To the Editor:

Right now, before Student Affairs thereis a
motion of change the name of our university
from State University of New York at Albany
(SUNYA) to University of Albany.

This change in the name sounds as if we are
being cut of from the State. As much as 1 dis-
like the bureaucracy ofthe state. I am proud to
be part ofthe university system. i do not care
how convenient the new name will be. i do not
want to be considered part of a small “hick”
private college, when i am part of the im-
pressive University system.

I am not quite sure whrrt is being planned
with all of the proposed changes. However. i
hope that the student body stands together for
our undergraduate programs, our professors.
and our name!

Catherine Beach
State University of New York at Albany

a task well done

To the Editor:

i believe that your paper has performed a
real public service by its publication of the
“Text of the Report of the Presidential Task
Force on Priorities and Resources, State Un-
ivcrsity of New York at Albany."

Frankly l was intimidated by the site of the
report when I ﬁrst saw it. but it did not seem
near so intimidating as it appeared in this
paper.

The reading was the same. but i felt less
threatened as when I read it in your paper.

Thanks for a well-done job.

_ Thomas W. Brown
Assemblyman. Albany County

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~rrter would like to join
gues invoicing our cat-
and decision-making

r s6  , , ,
‘ matters in these s extraordinary times”. We

were among- the, first to feel the impact of
retrenchment. Now, while others among our
colleagues atvnit the decision of yet another
faculty cut, we wish to articulate some of the
dangers inherent -in the present decision-
making context.

The demise of the Allen Center program
was the ﬁrst and most obvious move against

' undergraduate education at this university. As

the campus.unit whose charge it was to deal
speciﬁcally with undergraduate education,
our program was developed to bring students
into the university earlier thanthe completion

of highschool (which resulted in substantial

savings for the ﬁscally troubled state), and
offer them an integrated four—year inter-
disciplinary social science major speciﬁcally
designed to educate them in public policy dcci~
sion making and institutional analysis. The
termination of the Allen Center'program was
a step backward and a blow to imaginative
and creative ways of meeting the challenges of
contemporary education. Most imponantly,
the demise of the Allen Center program
sounded the death knell for personalized
education and teaching as a legitimate focus
for faculty members of this university.

Presumbly the decision to close the Allen
Center was a diffult one. Allegedly. the
“economic crisis“ was f o‘rcingthe university to
make “tough” but “necessary” choices.
Wewould imagine that such “extraordinary
times" would have demanded careful and con—
sidcrcd evaluations. Surely the decision to
break contracts. to disrupt the education of
several hundred students, to ignore tenure.
and to send so munyindividualsinto a virtual-
ly closcdjob market Would demand a fair and
thorough decision-making process. Of equal
importance, it also demands a humane and
realistic vision for the future of our university
and our academic community. Most certainly
those most involved in the process of educa-
tion, the faculty and students, should play the
central role in such planning. But such was not
and still is not the case. Let us recall for you the
procedure whereby the decision to rctrcnch
the Allen Center was made. With the implicit
mandate that some programs must go. hurried
and harried priorities committees wcrc es—
tablished to “evaluate” existing programs,
Despite the fact that last year’s Select Com-
mittee was originally formed in response to
concerns arising from external review of
2graduatc programs (see p. 3 of the Select
Committee Report), despite the fact that the
committee recognized that it was “ premat ure"
to evaluate a program scarcelythrce years old,
and despite a vigorous defense from the Allen
Center correcting statistics and pointing to
the misuse of information, the decision to
rctrcnch the Allen Center was made. And not
without irony we were not even to go because
of the “economic” crisis but ntcrclyto allow
administrative experimentation in the
redeployment of faculty lines. For how else
could almost the exact number ol'fncultylines
appear as “new” lines only two months later
on the same campus?

We cannot remain silent as we watch the
same dubious process at work this year as
program, tenure. renewal and retrenchment
decisions are made. The atmosphere for
decision—making grows worse as the university
gropes for clarity and direction in the fact of
more severe circumstances. We watch with
disbelief and pain as colleagues turn inlocom-
pctitors, and departments and programs
jealously guard their own territory. This
wholesale destruction of an acamdcmic com-
munity for questionable, if not, unattainable.
goals is anticthical to the very notion of a un-
viersity. We add our voicetothe mountingcnll
for a stop to thisjust another corporate entity.
Education demands a diversity of approaches;
research and teaching, traditional and new.
We reject a rigid approach to educational
priorities. For all we know, what is designed to
meet today‘s priorities may result in
tomorrow‘s rctrenchmerrts. There are more
reasonable and effectiVe ways of adjusting to
economic crises and fulfilling our obligations
to our colleagues and our students.

The Allen Center Faculty

MARCH 12'. 1976

 

 

SUN YA SASU Co-ordlnlor Dianne Fiche

commenttn'gon Tuesdays ant-budget cut rally at the Capital

Weathers?
ROULETTE maﬂ%m§~

my

 

 

CBS news correspondent Daniel Sch on has
admitted that he was the one who providcdthc
report of the House Select Committee on In—
telligencc to the Village Voice, a New York
weekly. It was published in two installments
earlier that month. This was all done after the
full' House voted'Jirnuaty 29-Vrrol,to make it
publiorrthoughg'the'gllousc intelligence com-

' otiidfdrthe-repnrt’spublication.

Repr ' tLXe: Sam.§trattorr,,of the Albany

. arcaﬁsirhsetiirerrtlyr introduced}tar-resolution .

callingpnrthc  ethics coming so to in»,
'vestlgllc the'igalt .oflthdrc‘poﬂ. (towns? passed. '

, iand investi'gptioiigof"thenleakhat begu‘rrin‘th'e

House Ethics- committee. in' addition.-

‘ Representative, William Walsh (if-Syracuse

has askedi'that. W.'Schorr.'s conglcssional,

, press credentials, be rcvokcdfor whatnhecallcd‘

s

the reporters “eontcmptiblc act". in leaking

thereport.

Should :Dttnielz V‘S‘chorr,‘ have allowed
publication ofgthis particular document: which

the Houset‘vof 1.1Rtepreseritatives ‘ivished ’to. re-

main secret? Thor answer: is nous timpl'eone.
Those:whobppisspschbrr's action sight the
fact that. the full pipers. through their own

'Vole, aidinbtlwaht‘itbe'grneral public to have

kri'owledge of’theArepoitfs contents; Whythen
should- one journalist have thcright-to'vetothe
majority willroﬂthe Congrcsa’l‘He claimcdthat
as the sole possessor of thereport outside the
committeehe “could not be the one responsi-
ble for suppmsing.‘ its full publication. Brit is
freedom of the' press absolute? Doesn't
fI'tccdom itself imply a responsibility which
dictates limitations at times? Where was Mr.
Schorr's prudence as an American citizen?
All of these may be understanding and well
mitithing quations but Schorr. in the ﬁnal
an“this. should not be the focus of criticism
and scrutiny. Rather it should be the com-
mittee and its members, since they are the only
ones. who had access to the report. That, after

:;:by David Trocgcr 

all. is where the leak hudto comc'from. lfthcse
people control plug up their own leaks they
should not vent their anger on Schorr. Having
the Information llt his hands from his un-
disclosed sourcu. the CBS correspondent per-
formed what he tell was tritijournalistic duty:
to avail the pcoplr: the greatest amount of in-
formation possiblesothe public may nrakctlrc
best evaluation of the pressing issues of the
day.

But wasn‘t the question just raised that

, Schorr might have taken freedom toits ab

solute limits and ultimately abused. that
freedom? Fhis is not really the case inthisin-
stance if you consider the fact that most. of the
report‘s major points had prcriously been
publishcdp so that at worst any security
damage had already been done. it wouldghave
been different if he had released. for example,
either secret troop movements or the
movements of our nuclear submarines. That
undoubtedly would have been trensonous, a
term hardly applicable to releasing a report
whose important facts hard hcerr hasth out on
the public stage for over a year.

It should he noted that Mr. Schorr got
nothing out ofthis. 'l‘hc moneyinvolvcdin the
soculled "sale" of the document tothe Village.
Vaieo is to go to a worthy cause: The
Reporter‘s Committee for Freedom of the
Press. a group which works for the defense of
our Constitution's first amendment.

Congressmen may be angered over the
report's disclosure, but of t'tiurretlreyare. The
people now know something which the com-
grcssmcn wanted kept from their constrtuents'y
knowledge. Probably, to a good number of
congressmen. Daniel Schorr is an out and out
bastard for what he did. But the strength of his
case is that he put the people‘s interest ahead
of the congressmen's—“u true sign that the
democratic principle remains strong as we ap-
oroach July 4. 1976.

' s . editorioI/CO

 

I Co rey's Ctrttihn’g  i If

I intendthis budget to mark atur'rringpoinrfor government in New York Stare/ram
headless expansion to careful retrenchment.

The policies of the past have threatened the fiscal survival of thestare. its public
authorities, andirs local governments. Recent events have brought into clearfoms tid-
fragile nexus of fiscal interdependence that links all levels and agencies of the public
sector in New York—with each other and with the national Government and capital
markets. We have seen how a crisis in one city, in one authority. can endanger all the.
others and undermine the credit of the state itself We have learned that rhesoundness
of the state's own ﬁnances is the cornerstone of the entire structure.

Bear in mind that the problems we have struggled with over the past year have never
been faced by any other state. With no precedents to guide us, we have broken new
ground. A

We still have difﬁcult problems before us. We shall face them and we shall overcome
them.

This much is certain: with this budget we can put our house in order. I shall not be
content until we have ﬁnished the job. (excerpt from Governor Carey's message to the
legislature on the [976-77 budget)

The State University system f aces a budget slash of about 5| million dollars. it will
be difficult to convi ncc the thousands of students attendingthese institutions that their
house is in order. as programs are cut and phased out. The possibility of a $100tuition
increase and a $100 rent increase will only serve to aggravate the situation.

The staggering repercussions of Carey‘s budget were brought clearly into view here
at SUNYA when the recommendations of the Presidential Task Force on' Priorities
were released. Theirjob was to save money by cutting programs and positions—and
cut they did. Whether one agrees or disagrees with the decisions they made, some cuts
were inevitable. No matter where those cuts Were made, people were sure to be
dissatisfied.

Some of the decisions the Task Force made do seem, misdirected. But the real
problem is not the Task Force. lt merely had the unfortunate assignment of deciding
where money should be saved. Carey‘s 51 million dollar slice out of the State University
system budget is the real problem. The cut represents a nine percent decrease from the
1975-76 budget.

Concerned SUNY/CUNY students will lobby, rally, and march to the steps of the
capitol this week in protest of the cut. They will be demanding that the legislature
rcstor'c State University monies when they act on the 1976-77 supplemental state
budget. Their efforts are well-placed and should be supported by all students. it is net
clear what effect the demonstration will have. Sources inthe legislature report that it is
doubtful the supplemental budget will return to the State University the money that
has been taken away. Nevertheless, the voice of higher ediication must be heard. The
Statc University system was one of the hardest hit of the major state departments.

This budget marks the end of more than a decade of unchecked growth inlsrate
support for institutions of higher education. Instead. it emphasizes increasedsupporr I
for individual students. (from Carest message to-the legislature)

The demonstrators marching Tuesday are convinced they are not those students.

 

EDITOI‘IN I‘m"
MANtromc Imm-
prs ens-rest ' .
Ssnron assocrxm “thymus.
. Assocrtr'rs News l 1 ‘-
' . Pnowrmorv “mm-- ‘
Assocrnsnonucnorv 
lirrr‘rosrtrhrxoes wr‘ros.
. Arts a nitrous col'ro
‘ , Scout IDI'I‘OI’
A'ssocrxnsrorr'rs "urn-
onen'rrsmo ' “AM-e
Assocrxn ADVllmlNG
(:Lm AII‘ITI uAMAl‘lI

Busmms “Hurr-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

nl.r.ri.r'lant managing editor: Phil Molten

A. I’. and Zodiac News managers: Matih‘e.’

Staff writers: C.‘S_. 'Santinofgstuap M

Preview: Joyciﬁeﬁenbaum'i‘h‘ ' :’

Blliinguccduttt'dntt‘s, ‘ 

eump' itiou‘nthn'ogerl. eras. anus;

Assistantra the editor: Biophysics  . ‘  '

Assistant-ta the Miami pm cdtroir‘aeplnmhrasss, ~

lieadllypirttllealie Eisenstein“,  ' " ‘ -‘ ~ . '  1. W ‘

Production: Janet Mtg. MAM m Wk. €Itﬁ,ltlw10en Illpvprthdudi

Hcitner, Marge Hogarthgvieﬂlunpnen, Kathy'um;  In 'Mtchsk Lipton.
; Rich Mrerrirelstein,'ianetl Meunier. Debbiellegmgdhu‘sil  ‘v

‘ Graphicrnntonqa‘ : Robemtﬁoldmatv  ‘ ' ~ ' ‘

Circulation manager: Helene Lustgarteav ‘ I ’

Admimtratlve assistant: Jerslrn Keys - » _ .'

Advancing prediction.- Jeff Aronowitt. Kelly Kits. liters Cahlll, Am'Wru .

Photography: supplied principally by Unlvetu'ly Photo Service and members of CameraCltrb

l
. _ b .

r

The Albany Sadat Hess is published awry Tuesday and hiday during‘ the school year except 3 '
holidays. Mrarlul policy is the resporltbiilty ofthe Erin» in Chic/auditsme to review byths A
Masthead 3th. Main (ﬂirt: CC 329: telephone: 4.! 7-009). handed by Student Association Add“ v ‘

res: mu ta: Albany Student hm. cc 329. um Ira-Huron Await-{Albany Nl’ mu. ‘ I

 

 

 

 

 

