 

 

 

we): ~mML—“am

....M..C. tm-..4—..«...~.<A._«

and" w 
darn '

_ A _ ssm' "};r~r¢‘use,wc~.
matchinch V
“mgrescm‘ursﬂuawm.

Sonny—ﬂu
myfmfdulpnhthoaw'ﬂd.
_ . o o o
wﬁmuayfmatﬁoablcs.Wohwo£
.- ' pig’s-1'81“.
Air-u, sun Autos m 13a m . ‘
Wounds“ Gyro. “ﬂoor. Form Eda $3.13

“I IVOWIII‘. . ' ’
pg. Tue; Feb. 21. 8:15 . I
H hm oroirn’udro wordpan ‘
. o .

W Home  nerds. your rigid to offer:
dopmmd durum of two and auricular: “on.
Mag, Tug. Feb. 24, l p.19. rant-hora. Cd Ida Aurﬁn
4654220 '

momcuhopdm'crus' ’ ‘ ‘
prawns rho .
Serf about the Hood lotions of Canada. F027;;
gm. in $5 119. '
Dr. Your “Clara's: psychd ‘
I ' . m ‘uﬂ spec" an 'F m?
rarer-hips dunno Separator-r and “voice,” Tun. Feb? 24’
. pm. In so 346, Al stigma. Far furthu infou‘7-5674:

ﬁbril” MC ir-‘arost mo'oﬁ ' .
’ . n9 (wrist or not or! W
on au‘tran shear), Tues, March 24, $30 p.mr CC
Infant.» Operations Columbia. Rabi ’
in , f ‘ ‘
to work an Tafathorr, Tun. Feb. 24, 71309: 3:21;”,
For mic or! Jerry 7-7742 or Sue 7p4672.

Inter-American Stains  vii ' are '
[Macon Patrolman, "Rood: lrlwqmpinezirctolj’z‘u: 
p.01. rrr LC 23. Spanish Tith Endish subtitle-s. free admissiah.
r2030 I frock ‘ hold foam muting, Tues. Feb. 24, 5 p.rrL inrm.

. Ed, New prospects and candidates are welcome. All
concﬁdator should rocow- a modcd omm prior to the mootin
rot mt... info cdl Coach wrm, 74527 or 74534. 9‘

Jimmy Carter for President to '
pport rrleetm , . F b.
p.m. Chock CC info dark for plauditsI . 2" 7

:foad PM“! Coach Dr. labor! ford will speak on Albany State
aatbdl, po‘st, present and future. Presentation includes this
yea/s offonwro highlight film, budget and scheduling discussion
and question and answer poriod. All welcome. Tue-s. Feb. 24 8

p.m., Dutch Quad Hagroom. ’

to Corcla Iranmls and Sbylos lhtorrlaliori House are '
a Fronch ﬁght”, Tues. Feb. 24, 8 p. m. Sayles Lo‘uefil'd‘uorlglsg
Alumni Quad. Music. slides, presentations and Iefreshrnants.l

a o
Windward-icy“
at...“ ‘ ‘

our '01 ,
. . D '2 O ' O V .
m“ mwoddfx “Slicomcio’na
JCl-lslde'msbhﬁniMQywta
“ﬁnauamu-yWod, anatomical”.
Gummvdin*ﬁaﬂumkroi50dr
ﬁfth-ira- np‘mrnurwnm'in nu m at.
hWWakuring”WWinw32uﬂh
' Wand Macho-or.
Waist-ﬁqu using Vlad. Feb. 25,
t3.) pa in ION. Al imiod.
WWWMhoMcdobraﬁonaf
r J— _Vlod. Fanninthowm‘lholoﬁviﬁa-Iin-
dude m deia‘g. and dancing to in oriende
Wad-ihocanmcaau. Prizcsrﬂboawordodtothe
3 but m kin the cdobraﬁan!
lad Rio, four-r0 Es from the Pobﬂos Republic of Ch'no
abort bailed deacon Wed. Feb. 25. 7zwp.m.. 1C3. SJO-ith
to: 51. am.
7 I I
Hinton, “ash, M‘saﬂhwishpfilosophydassis
9m out-de bylabbilvad Rulimatlishm. I225o.
Ma‘nkz, I p... Al or! unicorn. For info cd 4824731.

THURSDAY

hon Cap layman": on campus, Campus Center, "-5
p.m., Thurs. Feb. 26.

Klub Pdski xaproszamy wsrprkich mar-iacfch fa polsku na
zebrarre r lion-made w czwarteii. 26lrrtegooéz30w'rtU 354.
Poetry leading— writers oriinerm2pwryreaéng, ihm. Feb.
26, 7:2I puts. us the nu Image. If you would like to read your
M (a! 4630661 for further info.
U.S.—China Poppins Friendship Alsaiotion meeting Thurs.
Feb. 26, 8 pm. in IC 4. Short film taken by SUNYA student in
Gina. Ll invited.
pilgrims. Bridge Club meets Thurbdays in cc 3I5 m 7.
legnm do“ at 6. A] welcome. For info call bonnie, 7~7875.
SUNYA Friends 1! tho Farmworkor's meeting every Thurs. 8
p.m., in CC 373, 375.
Jewish Cooking class rne'ets lhfma ' ' ' 4‘
_ crynrgbtsot/Jumthehome
of Mn. Rachel Hub-n, 122 So. lfa'n Are. All welcome. Free.
Transportation availablelromtheCircle. Call by‘l'ues: 4825731.

Camp“ Crusade for Christ i'eaderllip training class, every
Thurs. 8 p.m., in CC 373, 375.

School of Business applicants pick up acceptance {or rejection)
notices Thurs. Feb. 26 in BA 36L

'Womorr' 1 Coffee House: Thurs. Feb. 27, 8:30p.m. inthe Tri-Cny

[lament Center. 3 lodge St. Albany. Featuring Teresa Trull

blues guitarist. Donation $2. or whatever you can afford. All
women welcome.

Parents of Persons with 'Downrs s d '
I yn lame meeting Thurs. Feb.
 7.10 p.m. at the OD. Heck Developmental Center, Balltawn
. Sc enectady, Bldg 3. Octagon Room. For further info call Ms.
Weasel}, 3707496.

lesbians for Freedom, meeting Thur; Feb. 26 8

N 3 Ph' '
' 'Jg rrn. l29. m In“

 

Trolley February 24
7 pin l6 3

IMIIIMIMM‘

 

PAGE EIGHT

M Member: Ln! Allard

RUN - OFF €L€CTION§

Paul Foldman

Duck Soup

Wednesday, Feb. 25

LC 7
7:30 & 9:30

.. r struirvzr summitmx

3.75 \vth llrx
Sl.25 without

 

Colonial Quad

(tax card is not required)

Please Vote

February 24,25,26 Colonial Quad Flagroom

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIttltIlIIII _

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

MARX BROTHCRS‘ FILM§ ,

.rIIIIllIlIIIIIl
IIIIlIIllIIIIIIllIIllIlIIIIIIIIIIIIllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIltIlIlIlIIIlIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIlIllllllllllltlllll:

fr‘l Ul‘lNERflTV §€Nfll€

Barry Sandborg

Miran 7:30p.m.toth
I I It 5' discuss Dan 0:42?
 l'uﬂ a low. '

  tiled in a comfortable Heimishe m.
maplnrﬂ, for any Jewish studorl—cdl Mrs. Rachel Rubin 5
Thus. m-snr. ’

0- .

School If lulu-s Strider”: Operation EP continues to,
students with last names Cthrquislring UppocketsFeb. 2324.

I i I
The Childbirth “will” “8. lbeany announces classes
in the tomato method of prepared clildbirth. Classes at the
Albany Med School of Nursing Ill. mob of March 8 and 22, For
further into cell Mrs. Brennan, Registrar, 439-6353.
.

O O
Cornmunrty Service 290 studonts, ovduotion sessions have
begun, attend now.
.

lo Carlo francois is sparisoring otrip.“ Mantr I M h
mm are sao with m and :35 without. Soldircr’theacrcc it?
Feb. 23, 25, 26 and 27, to o.m. to 2 p.m. Y'

. w
Athena, the Feminist Alliance’s bimorrthl newslett r
received by oncampus students by colhng 489-4684ggn0l35
Campus students can pick up a copy in the CC lobby or the
Library.

Sigma Delta Pi, national Spa’nish I-fonor Soci ‘

students who have excelled in the Spanish Izzgzoztgeilhlf
terestecf, leave your name, telephone number and local exodus;

rn 55 339. Applications close Friday, March 12 '

Food Stamp information bnd counseling is available in me u.
frce of Student Life, CC ISO, 7-1296.

550. Award for pointing a mr'rral oh the east wall at "‘5 Oil

Campus Student Lounge. Submit sketches of entries to w: Off

Campus Assocrotionc/a SA, CC 346 by Feb. 25. For more mic, call
74296.

srm Phato—SUNYA climer Club'rh
I . oto Contest; . r
Win a Cannon TX with 50mm 1.8 lens. For details, calloloe it:
909er at 7-3002 or visit State Photo at Stuyvesant Plow

PHOENIX literary magazine nebds ‘

I . your poems, stories, 1 m
and photos! Submit them in Phoenix box opposite CC inglaaffns:S
Spring issue deadline is March 15. All welcome at weekly ifoll
meetrngs, Mon. and Tues, 8 pm. CC cafeteria. For info call Ice 7.

3074 or Ann 7-8954.

Apartment Board has been moved to the Off Campus Stuoert
Lounge.

SA funded groups: the deadline for speaker requests .5 Fr no
27. Request forms are in CC 346. 7
Winter is here at Mohawk Campus. Come out and w.- 5-6"-
toboggon, frolic in the snow, or X-country ski, then relor " "in
Longhause. Just 15 minutes on the Northway, off Em a is:
further info call 37l-694l.

NYPIRO Student-lobby. A chance to have a definite tmpcl’.‘ an
upcoming legislation All we ask of youis to write a few ICVI‘J’i to
year representatives. Come bythe NYPIRG office, CC 303 or :all
7-2446.

erddlo Earth is looking for people who are willing to pui up run
p e overnight who are passing through the area If interested
please call 5301 and ask for Gwenn or Michelle.

Animal Crackers

Thursday, Feb. 26

LC 7
If:30 & 9:“

3.75 with tax
$1.25 without

fimrlral Irt‘ rlurlrru rmnmrrrmr

 

FEBRUARY 24, 1975

STATE  "  RS

. Fcbrurrr 23. I976
President Emmett B. Frclds y
The University at Albany

Dear President Fields:

Please ﬁnd attached the report of the Presidential

Trrsk Force on Priorities and Resources. We hope
that our recommendations. though developed un-
der severe time limitations and the durcss of is dif-
ﬁcult ﬁnancial situation. will contribute to the
progress of the University at Albany as It looks
toward the future.
. The completion of this report would have been
rmpossrblc without the help of many individuals and
pfﬁccs at this University. The Task Force expresses
rls sincere appreciation to the staff of the Ofﬁce of
Graduate Studies. the Ofﬁce of the Vice President
for Academic Affairs. the Ofﬁce of Institutional
Research. and the Ofﬁce of the Controller. in par-
trcular to J. Frcdericks Volkwein. Wendell Lorlrng,
and Justine Davidson, as well aslothc stcnographic
personnel in those ofﬁces rrnd in the Ofﬁce ofthc
President.

Tthask Force also acknowledges the effort that
went Into the preparation of departmental and
program self-studies and external rcvicws without
(vylfr‘rch lour assignment would have been much more

r rcu t.

Respectfully submitted,
lI’II Birnbuum

Jack Gclfrrnd

John Hartigan

Arthur Hilchock
Williirm Holstein
Krrlhlccn Kcndllll
chr' Kuivilir

Vincent 01ch

Frank Poguc

John Roscnbach

David Rowcll

John Spulek. Chairman
Richard Wilkinson

SECTION I
INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY
INTRODUCTION

The 'l'irslr Force on Priorities and Rcsrrurccs wrrs
:rppoinlcd by President Emmett Fields nn .lllmlill'y
22. |97(). Among the spccifrc charges givcn to thc
'l'irsk Frrrcc by thc I’rcsidcnl wcrc llrc following:

(I) “the Tusk Forcc is in (I css irll iICiIUleC
support programs nflhc Univc Iy.(l)rcc0nlmcnd
priority rankings for prngrirrn clirims on resources.
iIIId l3) consult and lrdvisc rnc on the dcvclupnlcnls
of tilt: University's rrpcrirting hudch for thc ncxl
ycirr."

(2) “tlrrcc alrirlcgic principlcs (should) guide lhc
slurping and strcngthcnirrg of HUNYA during the
next scvcrirl yclrrs: ﬁrst. the prcscrvtllion :rnd nur-
turing ul’ lhnsc prrrgrirms which arc csscnliul rrnd
cunsidcrcd ccnlrlrl to II university; second. llrc
pr'cscmltion of quality whcrc it exists; third. the
prcscrvutmn irnd nurturing of those programs lhirl
uniqucly rrddrcss uur immcdisrlc  the Sum: Cnpilrrl
District of Ncw ank 7 whose serious irddrcss wc
Ciln cxpccl in limc Ill shirpc for our Univcrsilyir uni-
quc iran distinct chirrirclcr,"

l3) "rccognitinn (should) hc gchn to strung slu-
rlcnl irrlcrcsl and sucictirl rrccd as reflected in com-
pirrirlivc enrollment lltlll wurk luirll llfllll."

(4) “lhc 'l'rrsk Furcc (should) concludc its work
and render il ﬁnirl report not liltcr than March I.
l 

Subsequently. lhc l’rcsidcm rcqucstcd that the
Task Force :rccclcrirlc its dclibcrlrtiuns and dclivcr
its rcprrrt It wcck carrlicrlhirrr originirllyrichcdulcd su
llllll morc limc would bci ltllilhlt: for consultation
with irppruprilrlc cirmpus gruups and for rcrrclluns
from individual dcpzrrlrncnts and programs than
would Irirvc bccir prrssihlc withth crrrlicrdcirdlinc.

lllc lirsk Force in IIII cxlrcmcly limitcd time
period hard to mirkc irn irsscssmcnl lrl' rrll ircardcmic.
illllllllllhlfllllt‘c irnLl scrvicc prngrirms on this crim-
pus. decide on priorities for I burn. rind make dclirilcd
budget r:cirmrncndirlinns within lhc cxrrcting
guldclincs cslrlhlishcd by the Excculivc Budget. Ills
rmpnrlunt ill lhc outset In undcrslrrnd thc nulurc
rrnd scopc of those guidclincs. In hricf. tlrcy spcclfy
lhirl stuff reductions irnd Ultllr’ll’ srrvings lrrc lrr bc
:rclricvcd in Ihc following categories rrntl Ilfllllllfllh.

[see Table I]

In lllldlllllll IU lllc EXCCIIIIVC Butlch rcdrrclinns
spccrficd rrbovc. this clrrnpus suffcrcd hitsc burlch
rcd uctinlrs of 30 positions. of which si x wcrc fircully
lincs. All but thc fircully lirrcs wcrc ldcnlificd by lllc
Adrninislrrrlrnn bclorc the Task Fnrcc hcglrrr lls
\mrk.

l'hc functimrlrl cirlcgurics nutcd lll‘NWL‘ lrrc llmsc
lrrrditinnrrlly used in the Slruc's funding of crrmpus
(Ipcl‘lllltlllh. Funding lcvcls urc brrscll nut only unzrn
analysis of ii prrrliculilr campus prngrrrm but irlsn on
Iunclllrrrirl curnprrrismrs among units of lhc SUNY
syslcrn.

/Il.\‘ll‘lll'flt)ll um/ I)c]rrrrlnrr'nlrrl Rr's'r'rrrclr includes
two subcrrtcgurics: " Faculty" which refers ll) slrlirrics
of lcrrching firculty und teaching ussislrrnts. Illld
“Faculty Support“ which includes grlrdulrlc
Ilhslhlllllls. itclrdcmic dcirnrl. lcchnicllrns. clcrlcul rrnd
sccrclrrriirl positions directly supportingthcrnslruc-
liunul cfforl. Aboul 50 pcrccnl of our operating
budgcl is lrllncrrlcd In this functirrrr. '
()rgrlrrizr'rl Rt'l’r'rlri‘lt includes costs of discrete
rcscirrch units such III the Atmospheric Science
Rcscrlrch Ccnlcr. A lilllc more than I pcrccrrt ofour
npcrrrllng hudch is llllncrrlcd In this function. I
I‘ulrlr‘c Svrw'ru refers to scrvicc to thc gcncrnl prrblrc
such us the Art (irrllcry lrnd rrccuunts for less lhlrn
ouc-hrrlf percent of our opcrutin‘glbudgcl. .
()rgarrizr-rl Ar'rr‘villcx includes rrclrvrtlcs lhrrt directly
support our prlmury programs of instruction und
public scrvicc. Mrrjnr cost urcrrxi lncludc Ilhc
iducrrlionrrl Cumrrlurricrrtions Center and Physical
Educullorr. About 3 pcrccnt ofmrr opcrlrllng budget
is rrscd for this purpose. .

Ijhrrrry includes rillrff rind lrcquisilrlrrrrl and reflects
lrhuul 6 pcrccnl of the operating hudch

.S'lmlr'rrl .S'crvlrcs provides such scrvrccs its ’lld-
rrrissimrs. registration. finlrnciul llld, counseling,
pluccnrcnl. strident hclrlllr rran student unron. Five
rrnd uric-Irqu pcrccnt nfuur operating budget is used
rrccrrrdlngly.

Maintenance and Operation reflects such costs as
crrstodrll services. power plum Ind utility costs.
sound maintenance. rentals ,Ind security. These
operltrons, exclusive of costs allocated to residence
halls. amount to almost I4 percent of the operating

b gct.

Gaucral Administrator: includes the Ofﬁces of
President. Vice Presidents. business affairs and
ﬁnancing Such operations as Personnel. Prrrchuo
ing‘Studcnl Accounts, Accouuing and Budgeting
are Included and account for about 4.5 percent of
the operating budgd.

General Itrrlltullonal Services includes operations
pf the Computing Center. Public Relations and un-
its serving the entire University such as telephone.
storehouse and mail and messenger. Almost Ii per-
cent of the budget is allocated to this category.

A uxilfar y Emcrprim incl rules the allocablc share of
plum costs associated with donrumry operations. In
addition. the residence halls administration and
direction is included. About 7 percent of the
operating budget is involved with these , ' ,

is.

In sum. the task confrontinglhc Task Force was:

. . .Identifysixinstructionalfaculty positionsu
required by the base budget cut.

. . . ldcntify 88 positions as mandatedintbe Ex—
ecutive Budget.

. . . Effect required dollar rcductiorrs dcspitethc
fact our average annual salaries on: lower than those
used to estimate the total amount to be reduced.

Instructional faculty positions to be eliminated
were scheduled for deletion by September I: all
other positions by July l. 1976. The Task Force
could not simply recommend the use of vacant
positions. A clear mandate from the Governor rc-
quircd ir reduction in our ﬁllcd position lcvcl
(Iguyroll) between December Ii. I975 and August ill.

76

While the guidclincs may be subsequently altered
by further executive or legislative rrction. they ﬁxed
the limits within which the Trrsk Force was rcquircd
lo npcrulc. In ordcr to inform itself as fullyas possi-
ble rrbnul these guidelines. the Task Force mrrdc in-
dcpcndcnt inquiries to SUNY Central and to the
Division of the Budget. Thcsc sources confirmed
than under the guidelines there could be no dcvilrtion
from the total number of positions schcdtrlcd for
reduction in the speciﬁc categories cnumcratcd. nor
could thcrc be LIL'V‘lr’iIIOII from Ihc total dollars
schcdulcd for reduction. We were informed lbrrt
some shurllrgc of dollars in one category could be
mndc rrp by cffccting decreases in other nrcirs. but
the point was stressed lhirt these should be only
limited amounts. The Task Force wrrs also aware
IlIIIl cuts rccnmmcndcd in urcrrs nut mandrrtcd by
Illc Budget would not forestall cuts in mandated
itncs. rmr wrrs there any guurirnlcc that cuts mnkcin
IIllIt-millldlllcd areas would he rcslorcd in subsc-
qucnl yours.

The Procedures attire Task Force

The Tirsk Force received its charge from the
President on Junurrry 22. I976. rind between that
drrlc and February 2] met in picnnry sessions an the
rrvcrlrgc of four drrys cuch wcck and spent many ud-
diliunul hours in subcommittees rrnd on individual

 rch. writing and cdilingluskl. The Task Force
was plilinly :twurc of the limitations of a process
which rcquircd gathering and assessing hugc
irmnunls of dam rrnd deciding on compch rrnd sub-
llc issues within ll one month period. With thcsc
limitations in mind the group folluwcdthc principle
lhrrl recommendations should he mlrdc only to thc
cxlcnl thirt sufﬁcient data wcrcuvuillrbcln wrrmrnl
such rccommcnrlrrlinns. The Trrsk Force sought to
bc particularly sensitive to those programs or units
which. rrftcr prcliminrrry rcvicw. seemed to he can-
diditlcs for speciﬁc rccommcndzllions. and for
which not cnuugh information cxistcd lo wrrrrirnl ir
recommendation. ln lhcsc instirlnccs. lhc 'Fllsll
Fnrcc mlrdc crrnsciclrlinus cffurts to oblrlin ud-
ditinnirl flrcts through interviews hr by obtaining
furthcr written material.

The Task Force divided its work into two major
phrtscs. In lIrc first. thc Evaluation and Ruling
I’hrrsc. it dcvclupcd information rrhoul crrch rrrclr.
unil. und program under review. TIISk Forcc
mcrnbcrs rcvicwcd sclf-sludy rmrlcrirrls. outside
rcvicws. and tr vuricly uf ulllcr resource documents.
Slirlislicrrl dirllr on dcmund. wurklorrd rrrtios and
costs were similarly provided to thc Tusk Forcc.
Sumc crrnrprrrirlivc drrlit with other campuses in the
SUNY systcrrl wcrc also rrvtrilublc.

This wus rhc first tlmcthrrt such rr comprehensive
rcvicw of llll ircirdcrnic. lrdrninislrlrtivc. upcrrrlionrrl
and service components wrrs undcmtkcn by ucom-
mlttcc on this cllmpus. ’l‘hc Tusk Forcc is convinced
llllll simillrr and more sustltincd efforts must be con-
tinrrcd in this rrrcrr. ll mudc lhcjudgcmcnls it could
prrrrlcnlly rmrkc within the limc rrvrrilublc. but much
more work is nccdcd to further develop the Univer-
sity‘s clrprrcity to mnkcjudgcmcnls oflhir character
in lhc future.

At the end of cvrrlulrlinn work in subcommittees.
lhc full Task Force rcccivcd subcommittee reports
and ruled crrch unit under review. Administrative.
service. rrrrd upcrrrtlonrrl units were rated according
to lhrcc criterilr: (I) the nccd for u given scrvicc. (2)
the quality nfscrvicc us it Iii presently given. and (3)
its relative cost.

With rcrpccl to frrcully and faculty support. the
Task Force lcrrrrcd Itcuvily pnthc report ofthc Sclcct
Clrmmlllcc of I975 for u good dclrl of its chIlulIlch
mrrlcritrl. However. it also usscsscd programs in-
dcpcndcnllyin light (If more recent information. All
ﬁll: mrrlcritrls in the various dcprrrlmcnts were read.
including documcnls such as recently completed
outside reviews,

Fxrch rrclrdcmic program wrrs ralcd against ‘ ﬁvc
critcrirr established by the Tusk ForceThesc criteria
were Irrrgclydrrrwn frumlllc President‘s instructions
and tire Select Committee and Included: (I)
program quality: rrn assessment of faculty rrrld ritu<
dcrll quality. program coherence. producllvtty and
leadership: (2) ccntrrrlity: the degree to which u
pmgruln rcprorcnlcd It hurts: upd traditional dis-
clplinc In lltc Urrivorsllyru) public policy: thccxlcnt

Slate university of New 'York  Albany I .'
Ofﬁce of the Prcrldcrl - . -
,‘ , February 24th. I916

T0. Vice Praidcnts. Deans; and Directors d Ad-
ministrative Ofﬁces and Student Functions

Enclosed is your copy of the Report ofth Task
Force on Priorities and Resources.

Salim the views of units directly affected by Task
Force rccomrnerrdstions may be reflected in the
consultative process. I invite your written response
to the speciﬁc rccommcndltion on your area. Your
response should arrive in my ofﬁce by the close of
business on Tuesday. March 2. Please give me three
copies. A copy of your response should also be
provided your Derrn and Vice President.

The full rcport and recommendation of the Task
Force will be reviewed bv the Council on

to whrch a program had potential for addressing
policy issues of major public con-
cern: (4) demand: the degree of student dcrriund.
both by majors and nommajon: and (5) cost: the
relative cost of thc context of the type of program
and dcgrcc g'vcn.

Using these ﬁve criteria. committees of the Task
Force reviewed each program within the University
and subsequently reported to the Task Force as a
whole. In plenary sessions which extended over
several dlrys. the Task Force reached agrccmcnt as
to the ratings each program should receive on the
various critcria as well as approving is general
summary ofa program's standing in relationship to
these criteria.

The next phase of the Task Force work involved
establishing priorities rrmong the programs and
activities which bird earlier been evaluated on
priority dimensions. This phase of the Task Force
work involved I! good deal afconccntratcd effort on
the pun of the Trrsk Forcc members. Each academic
program. administrative division. service unit and
operational brunch was reviewed and is priority
givcn to it. Obviously. the Tusk I-‘nrcc did not allot
the same time investment to all phases ofthis task.
lnstcird it sought to allocate its time proportionate
to thc imponuncc ofthc decisions which bird to bc
mudc. Thus. for cxrrmplc. decisions concerning
ircrrdcmic units consumed muny hours in plenary
session and decisions with respect to them were
completely rcvicwcd by the Task Force on four
distinct and scplliillc occasions.

With respect to rrdminislrlrlivc and service units.
whilc rclcvrsnt dutlr wcrc compch and extensive. the
naturc oflhcjudgmcnt rcquircd in ilssesslngscrviccs
nccdcd versus the cost of those services was
somewhat more st rirightforwurd thirn In the curse of
academic units. when: subtle and very difﬁcult
Issues such rrs the desirable ucudcmic proﬁlc oftbis
UnVcrsily bird to be confronted. In both cases. it
birllrncc had to be struck between the effect of
decisions taken now because of ﬁnrrnciul
emergencies and their probable effect over the
longer term.

In the course of its dclibcrntions with respect to
individual academic programs. and in more gcncrlrl
discussions. the Task Force wrrs clearly committed
to maintaining this campus ﬁrst and foremost as is
Univcrsily Center with it bnlrrnccd set of programs
in the humlrnitics. socirrl sciences. natural sciences.
and thc professional schools. Some changes hlrdto
occur with rcspccl to individual programs within
them. However. the Task Force alwrrys made such
dcclslnns with rrn awareness that the University lrt
Alhrrny must rcmrrin it place which providcs it rich
cducirtionirl cxpcricncc for its undergraduates.
fosters high Icch grirdulrlc lrnd research programs.
tririns ir variety of practitioners. rrndscrvcslhc needs
of contemporary saciclyin gcncrrrl rind the region of
the State within which it is loclrlcd.

The Stirrc University of New York rrl Albrrny is n
University Center lrnd IIIIII which dislingulshcs it.
and thc ccnlcrs ill Binghitmlon. Stony Brook rrnd
Buffrrlo. from the other cducirlirmrrl frrcilitics in the
SUNY system is its graduate programs. While it
curries ll brurrd educational mundrrtc. it has n
distinct responsibility Iofuslcrlrnd misintlrinquirlily
duclorul, muslcr irnd othcr udvurrccd dcgrcc
progrrrms.

Moreover. the distinguishing characteristic of is
Univcrsity Center is its commitment to high quality
rrnd innovrllivc research, It mrry he concept focused.
rrs in the trrrditionul disciplines. ur problcmfacuscd.
us in the profcssinnrrl schools. but whutcvcr its
churuclcr it must meet the test of excellence. To
emphasize rcsclrrch docs not rrnd crrnnol mctrn thc
diminution of is concern for quality lclrching on all
levels. The Tusk Firrcc bclicvcs Ihlll frrculty
members must hc cquully commitcd to expanding
lhc limits of our knowlcdgc rim! to be superior
ranchers—persons who not only transmit
information but stimulate excitement in searching
for new understanding.

The overriding concern of the Task Force was to
mirkc decisions which would deal cqulllrbly and

Irumlrncly with immediate Issues facing us but lrlso
tn mlrkc those decisions so that they cnhrrnccd. us
much rrs possible. the long term achievement of a
ﬁrst-rate University Center. No single evaluation
criterion was. by itself. controlling. A focus on
public policy issues cannot mean that programs of
excellence which do not huvc public policy
rclcvrrrrcc lrrc not supported. Nor can disciplines
judged I0 hch II high degree of centrality of public
policy potential depend solely on that dimension in
chrlming rcsourccs when fuccd with trhlrrp and
sustained declines in enrollment. Onc criterion
against which web program wrrs tested was
cquulity: although other factors—cost. low
clrrnllnrcrrl-—-ruighl require thrrt a program of
quullty be diminished. none was recommended for
enhancement unless II potential for superiority was
clclrrly cvirlcnt.
Some Immediate Concerns
In making its dccirlonslhc Tusk Force dcrrll with

 

Educational Policyaadtlts _
rtrr Sinuc."l'h¢ rupouu anh- it
becomide bythosroanmld'auiir‘ H V
lhclrrevim. I haveuk‘adthouoomm‘ ’
to advise meaf their oohduslbmaﬂlﬁrthl
day. March 5. Msylaskfurthcrthl}, Illa ,
nuke sppointmcnts with the w 
dent or with me onthls subject mulls-coil ,
process has concluded on Much 5p . _ _ i .
The Task Force has carried'otl Its doubling
charge with compaenac and  III work
will enable the campus not only to chart its course
through the severe strain of immediate Wary
cuts but also to reach toward the ‘ flirt: with
promise of conﬁdence and stren’h. The lumbar ‘
have done their job well and now it rcmainsfar um
match their wisdom in approocling the ﬁnal dod-

sion.
Emmett I. ﬁelds

a number of issues other than programmatic aha.
Some of these were imposed on the Tull Farach
sources external to the campus. others were self
imposed. and some were dialled by the perceived
consequcnoes of thuc deliberations on the long-
lerm development of this university

Impact _ on students. staff and faculty—m
process of budget allocationinevitrrbiliry meansth
the lives of individuals will be imponamly affeacd.
In all of its decisions. the Task Force was acutely
conscious not only of the programmatic and ﬁscal
consequences of its decisions. but the likely human
ones as well. As a ﬁrst principle the Task Force has
dctcrmined that in as few cases as possible would
previously established terms of appointment be
disturbed. To that end. under the Task Force
recommendations. no faculty member would be
rclrcncbed in the I976-l977l'lscnl year. With respect
to N'I‘I"s rrnd other classiﬁed positions the aim was
to use Its many vacancies as possible occurring after
Dcccmhcr 8. I975 thereby rrvaiding as far as
practicable the termination of pcrsonncl in those
calcgorics without is ycrrr's nuticc.

Finally. it should bc emphasized that the Task
Force was careful to lakc into account the
cxpcctuliorrs of sludcnts. ll sought to make certain
thirt rrny studcnt who had begun a program in this
University would be ablc to complete the program
in which hc or she wrrs cnrullcd.

lle‘aI needs and the SUN Y system—In making
its recommendations. thc Task Force also had to bc
conccrncd with their impiscl on this region. The
University performs rr vast number of public service
functions rrs plrrt of its educational mission.
Responsible decision milking demands that when
educational priorities require the modiﬁcation of a
program. rcsullirnt changes in isllicd community
services arc appropriately antlcipatcd.

The relation of SUNY-Albany to the educational
complex of the Capital District also had to be
considered. If given programs were not offcrcd in
other educational institutions within thelocal area.
some weight bird to be given to that factor. 0n the
other hand. if academic programs were duplicated
in other institutions in the Crrpilnl District. the Task
Force fell Icss impelled to rcluln them unless there
wen: important rclrsons to do so.

During the course of its deliberations the Task
Forcc also tried to stay in touch with developments
lrl olhcr SUN Y Centers. Like Albany. these Centers
too hard to confront budgetary cutbacks. Table II
illustrated how the Executive Guidelines affcctcd
the four University Centers.

[In Table II]

Thc Trrsk Forcc rrrlcmplcd to learn of the plans of
the other units in the SUNY system during its
dclibcrutions so that some appropriate system——
wide buliurccs might be retained. For example. ifa
given program wars to be phased out in another
SUNY unit zrnd Albany had the only onercmrsining
in the system, this would be an important factor to
consider. It was” difﬁcult to sccurc accurate
information from other Centers bccausc they were
similarly involved in is deliberative process andﬁnal
decisions ltlrd not been reached in many cases.

Enforcer! vacancies—In order to achieve its

purpose of lrvuiding fuculty rclrcnchmcnls in
l976-77, the Task Force was forced to recommend
the climination of II number of positions in selected
departments which would have otherwise been
irvrrilrrblc during the next year. Using only contract
cxpirrrliomi rrnd non-renewals. sufﬁcient positions
to meet lhc mnndnlcd reductions were earmarked
for climinrrtion in l976—77.

In determining which vacancies should remain
open during 1976-77. the Task Force tricdto base its
decisions. as much as possible. on its criteria of
quality. ccntrnllty. public policy. potential demand.
and cost. Unfortunately. in is number of cam
cnforccd vacancies bird to be recommended for
programs which scored highly on all criteria. solely
to rclrch the level of reductions required for I976J7.

This. of course. poses special problems for the
University bccrsusc it means that worthy programs
will be handicappcdiflhcse faculty posltlom are not
mudc available to them subsequently. Thus. it was
necessary for the Task Force to make
recommcndrrlions with respect to l977-7Blrs well as
I976-77. Suggestions were make to the
administration where lines should bc reallocatcdm
subsequent years based on previously stated
priorities. Such recommendations. of course. are
conditional upon the ﬁscal position of the
University and the maintenance of program quality
In thc intervening time.

The administration will have; to use Its dlscretion
wiser hcrc to Insure that establilhcd goals are
actually met. In this regard. the Tull Force also
notes that many of the gains in Afﬁrmative Action
programs can he lost substantially in times of
reducing staff. The Task Force urps that the
udminlltratian use every means available to It to
minimize this possiblllty.

Program nerds—Tho Task Force In its
delibcrntlons rccogniud the existence of raver-l

We»... .4. . .- ~ -~- “mt

 

