  
 
  
   
  
  

 

 

 

at»...

.-... diam”... .

 

 

 

   

.._.,\__., "ﬂng‘zi ::

" kicking on

To the “tor:
This letter is written to speak out against

.the latest action of theSA. the publishing of a

newspaper to state the views of the Student
Assoa'stion—Out of the SArrdbox.

It seem that. because the ASP tiiii printed
articles which speak unfavorany of the SA
and its higher elected ofﬁcials. they don't want
to play with the ASP people anymore—they
have run to playin their own newspaper—the
SAndbox. I think the student body (I know I)
hear enough about SA antics without needing
a whole neWspaper devoted to their views.
Surely, we can ﬁnd a better use of SA funds
than a second campus newspaper which is ad-
mittedly self-serving. '

Deborah Childers .

sour milk

To the Editor:

At [:45 am. last Wednesday. whilea friend

and l were pulling a proverbial all-nighter. l
decided to make some coffee to aid us in our
self-inflicted insomnia. Searching through an
overstuffed desk drawor for a packet of Max-
im. I came upon a |2 ounce bottle of Golden
Blossom Honey. which my grandmother had
insisted I bringto put in myteri when l get sick.
As Paula and l gobbled forkfuls of straight
honey; we reminisced about our respective
childhood experiences of "devouring warm
milk and honey through a straw.
I “Why don‘t we go to the tower. buy some
milk, and make milk and horiey'r' I asked.
gleaming. She gleamed back. When we ﬁnish-
ed gleaming. we pranccd over to the tower.
skipping along the rain-drenched concrete.
The cold dampness seeped through Paula‘s
booties. but she did not care. for her mind was
absorbed in thoughts ofthe soothingcomfort
of her childhood ambrosia.

We waited in the outer lobby of a drafty
Eastman tower. praying that a fellow insom-
niac on the other side of the door would
saunter by to let us in. l paced back and forth
like a father awaiting word of his forthcoming
child‘s gender. as Paula banged the door fran-
tically. Finally, someone strolled along. and
by jumping up and down repeatedly while
screaming loudly, we managed to convey our
desire.

We dashed to the milk machine. [inserted a
quarter. pushed the second button from the

 

be

' had lipd tin iiiiiiitti whemindlreneedofsome
. 'milkfor my upset stomach. I received a hesrté'

  
 

breaking. heartéburning..contsiner of sour.
milk. Paula, citing this story, suggested that!
sample our ﬁrst container before purchasing
more. Anxious for my spiritual return to the
womb, and physical return to the room. [did
not heed her advice. i bought two other pints.
and we scurried home.

Once, back at the dorm. I poured the milk
into a hot pot I had borrowed earlier that day
from a friend on Dutch Quad. As the milk '
heated, i noticed a separation of the solid
elements of the milk from the liquid elements.
Havingvirtually no knowledge on proper con-
sistencies of foods, I stirred the milk rapidly.
expecting the two layers to magically fuse into
one. Preparing to pour the honey. I decidedto
point out the intriguing quality of the milk to
Paula.

“Did you taste it?“ she asked.

l answered no. and took a sip ofthe small
portion remaining in the third container.
Before I had swallowed. Paula sampled a bit
of the same batch. We simultaneously gagged.
raced to the bathroom, and drowned our
mouths with water.

Disappointed. downcast, and dejected. I
poured the miasmic formula into the sink. As
the stench ﬁlled the bathroom. we returned.
forks in hand.to the twelve ounce bottle of
Golden Blossom Honey.

Though this story is offered in jest. our
message is not. If Canteen. under contract
with FSA. is going to offer products to
prospective consumers. one of the two
organizations should check to see if the
products are consumable.

Selling curdlcd milk seems to be a rather
crude method of alleviating the housing
problem. Have you heard any good botulism
jokes lately?

Richard Mcrmelstcin
Paula Hennclly

no longer dormant

To the Editor:

We would like to make the public more in-
formed about a struggle against imperialist
colonial rule that is taking place on this cam-
pus.

The people onTen Eyck Hall are no longer
willingto be exploited bythe University Hous-
ing authorities. Because ofthe University's op-
pressive measures (e.g. arbitrarily ap-
propriating the people's study room and using
it for non-Ten Eyck Hall purposes; keeping
the washing machine room locked for over
30% of the day; forcing us to eat onthc F.S.A.
meal plan for the purpose of debilitating our v
bodies and souls). because oftheir unrespon-
sivcncss to our requests for adequate facilities

. . _ , (.
  of our lsckot'
snd personneldecisions of the Housing
Authority, we are attempting to gain outin-

 
 

 
 

and the State.

We are proclaiming Ten Eyck residents‘
right of sovereignty over their own home. and
are demanding adequatecompensstion from
Housing for the use of our hall for Housing of-
ﬁces.

The Ten Eyck Liberation Armyis askingfor
the support of all believers in freedom,
democracy. and individuality to help us in our
fight against totalarian dominationl

Sim Cha
T. E. L.A. Spokesman

campaign Coverage
comment

To the Editor:

After each 5A election. a traditional letter
is written criticizing campaigning for SA
elections. l myself wrote one ofthoseletter last
fall. 1 agree with the letter that appeared in
Friday‘s ASP. But as a student who has run
for an ofﬁce more than once. I feel that it is
necessary to express the candidates‘ side ofthe
story as I see it. .

As a candidate. I confess to plastering the
pillars with campaign rhetoric. But i have also
long felt that the student body deserves more
than a "poster plaster." in the past. when I had
money. l have distributed leaﬂets explaining
not only my views. but alsothe duties ofthe of-
fice which I was seeking. Ethically. l have even
had qualms doingthis because l was. in effect.
using money to buy votes. Equal opportunity
does not exist when the things money can buy
provide the only effective way of reachingthe
student body. Money should not bcthe keyto
student elections. Although this practice has
not been typical of this campus in the past. an
increased use ofthis practice was thccasc in re-
cent elections.

Lnst year. as a member of Central Council. I
was highly critical ofthe ASPfor their litck of
responsible coverage of SA elections. 1 still
feel that the ASP. and also SA and WSUA
have an obligation to provide the students on
this campus with the information and
coverage needed to cast an intelligent vote.

At present. SA elections are absurd.
bccatuiethisobligationis consistentlyignorcd.
The ASP. SA and even WSUA have com-
plained in tltc past about the apathy present on
this campus. but until the ASP, WSUA and

SA start taking SA elections seriously, things
will not change for the better. but continue to
get worse.
Gary L. Bennett
University Senator

dependence from Dutch Quad. the University. '

. word
awareness ‘

To the Etitor:

Lenny Bruce is dead. He is the victim of
words. Words. which in aoertain sequence. hit
society right-in the balls. And yet. there have
been few people willing to follow in Lcnny‘s
footsteps. It is possible that this is because of
society‘s dislike of deviance. Lenny Bruce was
a victim of this dislike. But is it not our dutyto
look at our society. and point out the shit that
we see present? The newspapers are full of
society's shit. The problem is that most people
swallow this shit and remain unaffected by it.

Why have we forgotten Watergate and
allowed Nixon to escape from any
punishment? Why has the CIA been allowed
to run free among all nations in the world.
attempting to manipulate their futures for the
"good of the American people"? Why has the
Pill been allowed to become the watchdog of
the White House. and a force of repression on
the opponents oftltc President? Those who are
aware of this shit know it reeks as terribly as
the piles a dog leaves behind.

if you find it hard to smell this shit. picture
yourself trudging through the rice patties of
Southeast Asia to bring Democracy to
peasants who resent your very presence. ()r
imttginc yoursclf as a journalist. with a story
on corruption in government. but told by your
editor that yourstory won‘t be printed hecttusc
it will cause too many waves. Try to see one of
your friends rcpcatedly going to jail because
society is more interested in revenge tliriri
rehabilitation. Or. think of yourself as sixty
fch years old, defined by society as unable to
contribute substantially to that socicty‘s way
of life. and thus thrown off to the side so than
they can be totally neglected.

i guess society can be seen as the neighbor's
dog. It seems to shit in every yard iii the
neighborhood. cxccpt its own. it leaves piles iii
the grass. on the driveway; somctiriies on our
very doorstep. But. after a length of time. the
shit hardcns. begins to cruntblc. rind finally
goes away. No morc ugly pilcs. ttnd no more
smell. lint thcrc seems to be more new piles
every day. And it's bcconting very hard to steer
clear of them.

So what can we do as members of this
society? I say we have two choices. We can
wait until it becomes impossiblcto avoid these
fresh piles. Maybe when we‘re up to our knees
in shit. we‘ll rcttdthc newspapers more closely.
and become aware of what's going on around
us. Or. we cart begin to control this pain in our
ass. and start to clean tip yesterday's nicss.
Lenny Bruce was buried in society's wastes.
The more of us there are. the harder it will he
to cover as tip.

Rick Kissnnc

 

 

,feiffer
‘- Ttte Kit 6506 to '74,
mew, is no we 1

mar wr THE ’-
EUSSWJS 66f THE
IDEA THAT Tllté is
A WWW
s‘ﬁ‘i’é’eiﬁie rain
hem Leaven-

ﬁll?

ierffe

 

  

Xllill NJ ELDER
6litlméittﬁklﬁvll/fi

ou cm cure a?
155mm torn
‘ u o in

8" armour

modem Cou-
VttUCED UERQV MT,
in om TO PUT
A HALT T0 are
ooverzuneor AuD
MAMA? PETEkllE -

an. RM mm m", "7‘

  

  

i/ou AlJP HE
SHOULD

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

January). . . . . . 3.626 ‘
University Police Momth Security Report

 

my, THERE'ARE A tar or immu- PEOPLE

‘HERE TONIGHT‘

 

zap/"l . Mprrzr
A l” "1!

 

focus

.Vr

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 

Nixon’s Return to China

 

There are a few aspects of form tsi ent
Richard Nixon's present trip to China which
would seem to give it a degree of importance
beyond the ordinary. First. it coincides with
the New Hampshire primary. second it comes
at the time of an apparent power struggle in
Peking. and third it could act as a very good
vehicle for Richard Nixon‘s return to the
world stage.

With Nixon briefly back ortthc world sccnc.
voters this week in New Hampshire unv
doubtcdly will be reminded of the way in
which President Ford came to power eighteen
months ago. People will remember that he wars
the House Minority Leader who had no
greater aspiration than that of being House
Speaker. People will begin to rcalirc that they
possess the valid right to question Gerald
Ford‘s legitimate right to power since he was
an appointed Vice-President who ultimately
became President through appointment. HUI
election. People will begin to rcqucstiori
whether Gerald Ford is just a “finger in thc
dike“ meant to fill out Richard Nixon‘s second
term of office.

Nixon's visit also comes during a power
struggle in Peking which has followcd the
death of Chinese Premier Chou lEn-lrri. Many
observers who saw Deputy Premier 'l'cng
Hsrrio-prngiis the inevitable successor to (‘lioii
were surprised by the appointment of an Ac-
ting Prime Mllllﬁlcerllil Kuo-fcng.

H Posters pasted up in Peking charged that
'9an cmpltnsired production rind dirriipcncd
glass. struggle. And they referred to it
Capitalist roadcr" who came out into the open
last summer. “Capitalist roridcr“ is the term
Usctl for Chairman Mao 'l'sc-tung‘s enemies
dllflng the cultural revolution of the woos.

 referring to Teng, since he was con-

t.de such an enemy. Many observers saw
the selection of Hua as Acting Prime Minister
:Odllrutl-‘umpromise between radicals and
Chime  it sign of heated debate in the

Though it I:tﬂunigt lll’arty hierarchy.

exactly is “in y e . art! to figure out what

Richard Ni; 3. on in Peking the fact that

man Is being invrtcd at this time

 

  
   

_ y David Troeger H

would seem to ind ctr t, onct ingot t Isjunc-
lure in Chinese history: the Chinese have a
desire for continuing American relations; this
synibolircd byinvitirigthc man who four years
ago first chartered the opcnirtg of relations
with China. At the time of it power struggle
within China the future pursuit of Chinese-
Arncricrrn relations assures the fact that the
Chinese will riot retreat into the isoliilionism
which clrnrtictcrircd llrc years l949-l972. This
is important since the largest nation in the
world must participate in ii dialog with the
community of nations il WCL‘\Cl' Itopc tocrcatc
tr frrrnicwor'k ol cocxistcncc upon which world
peace can be limit.

A third. and llllill. pcr‘spccmc on Mr. Nix-
on‘s journey is simply that Richard Nixon is
rciid\ to come out of seclusion. l’cr‘hrips he‘s
trying to test its by. Ill cllccl. saying: if the
(‘hiricsc can accept me brick on the world
sccric. \t|i_\ criri't m} min corrrttrynicn‘.’ The
answer to this \llllpl) is hccirusc the Chinese
don‘t understand illltl catn't comprehend tltc
inner workings ol lllt' polilrcnlstrircturc ofthis
country. Richard \r\on urrs ii Icirdcr in tlic
llllL'\l tradition ol \\h.rt the Chinese consider

polilrcx lllill Is. one cuts down itll_\‘ undctling
or L‘rrlllpt‘lllril tor the purpose ol niinritrnning
:rrid cnliriricing pout-I. l’tr\\t,'l' lot‘ the sake oi

illlilllllllll Inolc pout-t. \o irltc cnn sitty in
ptt\\t'l chliiird \lktill didn‘t loll pcoplciirthc
millions likc (iron I llrlill did. but hc cci'tninly
cut iloiiir. in II ligiirntiic sciisc. (lil)0llt’ who
clrirllcngcd llltll

Sir. .rtti-I .rll l.\ mini illltl donc. him should we
rcgnril lllh trip by the lorinci l’lmltlt‘lll for
good or lot hitd'.’ Rcrrll) llL'llllL'l. \lthL‘ ll is ol
no consequence to thc I\lllL'llL'illl people. If
Mr. Niwn wants to go to China tIIltl the
(‘htncsc Iriritc llllll. that 15 fine. l'hcr‘c is
notliirtg the American people can do about it.
()fconccr'n to Ariicricrtns. though. is Mr. Nix-
on's implicit desire to conic out of seclusion.
()Itr answer to that shoud be: No! As long as
the former President is unwilling to admit his
guilt and wrongdoing in tire Watergate tiffttir
we should make certain that he remains out-
side the pair: of American society.

.-. _.-._..s._...._..-..m..._...— -
> mm»...

  

Crashing '

courses, with an option to petition for A—E grades. The concept provided students with
the necessary time to discover interests and plan the future, without sacriﬁcing their
academic records. it died quietly, but the termination of the pass/fail policy marked
the beginning of a conservative trend inspired by the SUNYA administration.

The trend has not faded—4t has gathered momentum. ' .

Last November. the University Senate Program Evaluation Committee
recommended that students once again fulﬁll academic distribution requirements.
Required courses. Remember high school?

The SUNY Board of Trustees recently passed new guidelines for FSA that could
permanently end student Control of the organization. Remember losing your pea-
shooter to the teacher?

A SUNY-wide task force investigating the amount of administrative control over
student tax. has recommended revisions forthe collection and dispersal ofthose funds.
Remember banking with the Christmas Club?

In addition to armingseveral S UNYA Security personnel with side-arms some years
ago the SUNY Trustees are proposing a change in status from “peace officers" to
“police officers." Remember hall monitors?

In spite of being involved with the budget crunch and his Task Force on Priorities,

- President Fields found time to publicly apologize f or: “vulgar banners and cheers" at

the Sicna basketball game. Not only is Fields determining what programs and courses
students will be able to pursue, he is now attemptingto tell them what to say and when.
Remember “little children should be seen and not heard?"

The trend of administrative conservatism is slowly stripping students oftheir rights
and is confusing the purpose ofthis university. A universityshould be responsible to its
students. Do administrators fear a return to the radical student uprisings ofyears past?
Willi Ilicir present attitude. the administration is steering us backwards into a rear-end
collision. Shouldn‘t we get bigger bumpers before we‘re totalled?

Flip-Top Fraud

Many SUNYA students have recently devoted some of their time to a ﬂip-top
campaign in an effort to raisethe funds necessary f orthe purchase of a kidney machine.
Their intentions are good—but their energy may be spent all for naught.

The Kidney Foundation reports that dialysis treatment is government-funded and
no longer requires, nor is permitted to accept. outside support. Campaigns like the one
being conducted at SUNYA are usually perpetuated only by rumor. The shame of it all
is that good people waste their time in an attempt to give a little bit of themselves to
somebody else.

The Kidney Foundation says patients have enough machines. What kidney patients
need now is far more valuable. Kidney patients need kidneys.

 

Y
.4 see N.
. PRESS
MASTHEAD STA FF

SrsrnaN DzINANxA
MANAGING comm SPENCER RAGGID
Nrws toiroii Barry STEIN

ASSOCIATE Nrws rniroris  DAVID WlNZELBERG, ANDREA Haazasao. CrNriIIA HACINLI
I’RoiiucrroN mum" PATRICK MCGLYNN

Enrron IN ('msr

 

 

AssocrArE PRooucntrN MANAGERS LOUISE MARKS. CAROL MCPIIERSON. ELLEN FINE
Eui'ronIAI. Hots cotton KEN wa

 

Aim & rrAruars snrrotui ...................................... ..NAOMl FRIEDLANDER. STEPHEN EISENMAN
Si-oir‘rs Iziirrort - NATIIAN SALANr

Assor'iA'rt. st'onrs  .. MICHAEL PIEKARSXI
mirrirrrsisr. umu'rns Paar ALIIRECIIT. Les ZUCKERMAN

ASSOCIAII Anviznnsth MANAGER ............................................................... ..LI5A BIUNDo
CLASHFll‘l)-(iltAl-’Fl'l'l MANAt'rn KENNETH Coaa
tiirsiNrss MANArrn DANIEL O'CoNNOR

 

 

 

 

 

.ti.\.\’l.\lillll managing t't/i/t)’: Phil Molter

,it. I'. iinil lilt/ftlt' Nt‘lt'J' managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Stir/I Il'l‘l/l‘m.‘ (is. Siiritino. Susan Miller

ruft'l'll'll'i Joyce Feigeiibirurn

Iii/ling tlt't‘tlltllltilll.‘ Susan Domrcs

('iinipiisr'tion manager: Ellen Boisen

.‘l.l.\i.\illill Io Illt' t'zlilur: Ellen Weiss

llt‘tlt/ t_i-pi.ii, Leslie Eisenstein

l’rmliii-Iruri: Jiiiici Adler, Patty Ahern. Sarah Blumenstock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
tlcitiicr. Marge llogrtrth. Vicki Kurtziiian, Kathy Lam. Marc Love, Tania Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcrmclstein, JIinet Meuiiicr. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverblatt

Graphics manager: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager: Helene Lustgarten

Administrative assistant: Jerelyn Kaye

Advertising prorlut'tion' Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kita. Brian Cahill. Anne Wren

I'lrotirgraphy: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press Ir published every Tuesday and irlday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy is Ihe resportribilll y of lire Editor In Chief and subject to review by the
Matthew] Sta/f. Main ujﬂcr: CC 329,- telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Association. Ad-
drm mail to.- Albany Student Prat. CC 329, I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York.

 

 

 

Three years ago, SUNYA freshmen and sophomores received a] u grading for all 

     
 

an
rcr
ltc

'le

:iiil

‘llhl
CCll
Ills.

s of
silt:

thcr
:r us
cent

  

