   
   

   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  

 

say—v
«WM

....s MM M- _d~ —.

. —.w r ‘wr‘ﬁ

 
 

    
   
  
 
   
  

'  foul  ‘ r  7

To the W A ‘ . ,, '

Spirit—a straw "word. Checking the die-
tionary l am confronted by more than thirty
deﬁnitions of the word. all of which serve to

. mi‘ '
- credibly'enough. thls' offer of an abundant

      
  
  

 
  
  

lifejthst is. of a full .and-rrteanindul ex-
istence; or, put another way, of heaven stan
ting now—is ofi'ered toeveryone. i think that
if Mr. Wax reallyj examined the situation. he
wqgld, find that the ,“eutrance requirements”
for' h'ea'ven really aren't so tough as he
believes-and who knows? The Lord might
even laugh at his dirty jokes.

 

Ann McKay

emphasise the pain that spirit'is an iincap- .‘
turable essence. Like love wescknowledgsits . >

existence. but definitions prove elusive.
St. James tells us “Tbebody without the
spirit is dead”. Georg Patton claims “it is the

‘spirit of the men who follow and of the men

who lead that gains the victory”. We associate
spirit with values such as Truth. We speak of
the “spirit of love", “of learning". “of
rebellion". of everything that affects us. Yet.
continually we return to the question “Spirit—
what is it?" When we get down to it we must
concede Spirit is the basis and reason for ex-
istence.

School spirit—a worn cliche, scorned in this
age of the anti-hero and strategic attempts at
being “cool”. yet the fact remains there must
be a basis for our varied relations at Albany.
The question now becomes“What is this spirit
to us?“ That i cannot answer. but i can provide
a few examples of what it’s not. School spirit is
not attendance at a sports contest just because
you heard our opponent was an archrival. it is
not fifty dollar awards for noisemaking, nor' is
it the foolish and dangerous discharge of ex-
plosives in a crowded gym. nor is it'chants of
“We‘re number one" as our team is being
defeated on the court.

Spirit at an athletic contest transcends vic-
tory or defeat. It‘s appreciation for-an effort
expended by the competitors. a group of peo-
ple who dedicate several hours daily for a
chance to represent the university. Granted
there is some element of personal glory but
victories and defeats belongto the school not
merely the team. And. contrary to the beliefs
of some. just as much motivation. work, and
hustle are given in defeat as in victory. .

Spirit is not a one time thing it cannot be
turned on and off.’ nor is it dependent upon
winning. it is a constant attitude that pervades
everything we do. Again. like love, it has
many manifestations. Attendance at athletic
events is merely one example. Spirit is also
with us in the cafeteria. the classroom, even off
campus. What makes athletic events special is
we are placed amongthousands of others with
sentiments similarto our own and we are given
a chance to vocalize our emotions. With this
opportunity however, comes a responsibility
for sportsmanship; after all we are at a spor-
ting event. Profane language cannot be con-
doned. Rivals .or not they are guests invited to
our gym in the friendly spirit of competition.

Such actions can only servetodetract fromthe
game. i admit my own guilt onthis matter and
would like to offer my congratulations to the
basketball team for a valiant effort versus
Siena and apologies for the crowd. You
deserve better.

Thomas A. lenkicwicr.

death do us part?

To the Editor:

1 was interested to read Ken Wax‘s state-
ment in last Friday's ASP(Feb. 6th) that he is
not too worried about dying. This would seem
to be an extremely optimistic viewpoint for
someone who thinks that “it is life's finiteness
which gives life its meaning”. Personally, I
would say that it is life's lnlinitcness that gives
life its meani ng. because in my OWn experie nce
I know that it is the assurance of life after
death that gives meaning and f uliillmcnt to
these numbered days on earth. Thinking that
it all ends with physical death presents rather a
bleak outlook that can lead to a desperate sort
of “live it up while it lasts" lifestyle which ul-
timately lacks meaning

The author mentioned that all the “greats”

PAGE EIGHT

closing complaint

To the Edtor:

i am much disturbed of late by what appears
to hes not infrequent event in the library.
“Closing time" appears to have degenerated
into "Let‘s-see-how-fast-we-can-drive-the-
students-out time." While 1 can appreciate the
staff‘s anxiousness to leave, 1 am bothered by
their tactics.

i simply don't believe that an inane imita-
tion of the Kentucky Derby over the loud
speaker is called for. Furthermore. the device
of turning out the lights at l 1:45 (upstairs, at
least), borders on insult and condescension. it
also allows one the exercise of avoiding ran-
dom chairs in the dark.

if the administration, as well as the staff.
feels that the library should be cleared in this
manner. why don't they close the building at
l l130 (although this may simply move up the
festivities)? i see little need to waste my time
and the staff's with the horseplay.

As a ﬁnal thought. let usjust consider the
fact that many of the late-night tortures are
perpetrated by University Students, working
late. The staff's spitefulness comes close to
noisemakers who interrupt studiers at other
hours. if these people choose not to respect the
privileges of their own peers. why should the
administration? '

Leslie Rei‘nlib

wrestling with
the press

To the Editor:

ls winning the only thing? The ASP has
recently stated in a previous issue that the
wrestling team will receive no coverage inthe
future. This statement coupled with the fact
that the wrestling team over the last two years
has received very limited coverage, in our
minds is due to one fact; that ofa non-winning
record.

Two years ago when the wrestling team‘s
record was 13-2 and it enjoyed its most
successful season ever. the press coverave was
exceptional. in fact the articles inspired some
members to perform well. Why then in the
1974-1975 season, after having the exact same
te a m . w a 3 press coverage
drastically reduced? Could it have
been because of a losing record? No excuses.
but the schedule was more competitive. three
key wrestlers were sidelined for the season.
and the inabilitytofIll ten weight classes with a

~ school enrollment of H.000 were of no helpto

the team.

This year. the team has had more than its
share of problems, with only live returning
members. The team has had to rely mostly on
freshmen and students with no wrestling ex-
perience. This year's team has the toughest
schedule an Albany team has ever faced. The
whole burden has been placed on the
shoulders of a graduate student. Doug Porter.
Doug. in our opinion. has done an outstan-
ding Job taking on the responsibilities of the
head coach.

In terms of a winning record. the team
hasn't done well. Now it is published that after

 

 

measured in other” ways. Although his not
reﬂectedin our record, this year’s team has.
made vast improvements. The ASP should
remember. encouragement is a necessity
towards success. We. the wrestlers. hope that
this paper is openminded enough to print our

vrews.
Victor Gagliardi
The Albany State
Wrestling Team
bussrng blues
To the Editor:

Throughout my stay at SUNYA. l have
heard numerous complaints about the bus ser-
vice we are receiving. However, not until cir-
cumstance forced me to use this form of
transportation. did I truly understand the
gripes of the other students around me.

On many occasions l have been forced to
stand, or rather lcan. against others on my fre-
quent trips to and from campus. This constant
over-crowding of buses. I do not believe. is due
to the lack of buses, but rather to the poor
planning ofthose who make up the schedules.
There have been times when over a span of ﬁf-
teen minutes i have seen three buses r-unning.

'Then, at times when there is an urgent need for

service, a student must wait, half an hour.
Students who do not reside on the main
campus are usually forced to leave here early.
for buses late at night are infrequent and
always overcrowded. to the point where a stu-
dent must wait at the gym in order to get a seat.
This is especially so on Saturdays. Waiting at
any other stop often leads to standing very
crowded together. or to have It worse fate of
havingu bus pass you by. i hope these wrongs
can be corrected in the future.
Brock Roberts

.  conclusionis that‘too much of an A
‘ ‘ phasisis3plaeed on winning. Sueeelcanbe -

' " 
" accession

To the Editor: 7 » ~~

Want to play some basketball? if you're a
Black or Puerto Riean male forget it. not a
chance. i don't know what the story is with
Master Sauers' and the rest of his hounds. but
“get your shit together boys”.

I find it very hard to believe that in a State
University as large as Albany there is not one
Black or Puerto Rican ball player on the
school team. When lsay this I am not coun-
ting the two token bench warmers we see on
the bench every game, both of whom play ﬁne
ball when given the chance. You cannot tell me
that there are not any off-white basketball
players in the school because I've seen them.
Go to the gym any eveni ng of the week and see
for yourself. Many of these squads could
squash the “Great Danes" within minutes. So
where are they. and why aren't they playing for
the team?

Please tell me someone, anyone. is there
racial discrimination in our athletic depart-
ment, or do all the male minority students at
this school have 'vasaline or wax onthe hands,
(like some of the players on the team) making
it impossible for them to play on the “Great
Danes" basketball team.

Master Saucrs where are you?

Amy Fleishaker

 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    
    
 

 
 

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sole right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters. TYPE WRITTEN,
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Press. CC 329. [400 Washington
Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. The ASP
will not publish unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:

'Brevit y is the sole of wit.’

 

 

A Tenuous
Transformation

 

by Steven Parnell

 

 

"Ever since the incorporation of our new tenure policy." President Fields told his guests. the
Senator from Alaska, and his wife, who were contemplating their son's future,“ﬁfty-twofaculty
positions have changed hands. This has transformed our university from that of a friendly.
educational, and slightly known school. into a snotty, educational. and exceptionally well-

known institute of higher education."

The Senator folded his hands. “Just how did you reorganize this university?‘
"Ah." President FIelds let out with a smile. “it all started when the English department lost

their Ph.D. program."
“So. what did you do ?" the wife asked.

“Nothing at first. Then one of these English teachers applied for tenure. All of a sudden. i
realized that without tenure. this man loses his position. thus making roomto hire a new English
professor. i had to fire the man." the President solemnly snid. “He was It great guy; great teacher.
and well liked by everyone. but he didn‘t have a name. i had no other choice."

President FIclds leaned forward. “You‘ll never guess who I got to replace him. Harold

Robbins."

“Oooh.” the Senator's wifc screamed. “He's my favorite!"
“From there the trend began. Everyone applying for tenure was refused. ifthcir name was not

nationally known."

President FIelds opened a desk drawer, and handed a magazine to the Senat or. “ Herc. Look
through our latest manual. it contains pictures and stones of every famous teacher now at
Albany. There in the English department you see Mr. Robbins. and next to him is lrving

Wallace."

"Look here." President Fields said as he turned a page. "in the History department we have
William Westmorland teaching a course. ‘How the Gooks Lost the War For Us in Viet-Nam.‘ in
the Philosophy department. John Mitchell lectures to our undergraduates on‘The Art of Lying.
While Still Feeling Good lnside.‘ And in Art. Marty Wolf lectures on 20th Century painting."

“l've never heard of him." the Senator said.

“Yes. And next week he applies for tenure. which means we'll have someone famous at thejob

in no time.

“But all that doesn't matter. Do you know what makes a school famous. sir? Athletics. And
right here in Albany. we're building our teams into national powers. Red Auerbach is coaching
the basketball squad. while Don Shula instructs our boys in football."

The Senator was impressed. “This University has fine credentials," he said.

President Ftelds' secretary walked into the office. “i have some bad news for you. sir. The
Committee on Academic Affairsjust called. They've been reviewing your record. and it appears
that you're just not famous enough to continue here. Unfortunately. you will he sent back down
to alers~reputable institute.Please don't be upset, sir. Yale isn't that bad. Howard Cosell teaches

there, you know."

The President turned white. “But. who will replace me here?"
“I haven't been told his name. sir." the secretary replied. “But the staff is sending out a jet to
someplace called San Clemente, to pick him up."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 13, 1976

 

 

   
   
  
  
  
 
      
   
   

  
      

    
  

 
 
 
 

    
         
     
 
    
  
  
  
 

  
 
 

 not

   

  

 
 

 
 
  
    
  

 

FBI Director Clarence Kelly.

in iterator 
out sun or MY tribe‘s

F\.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
 
  
 

it‘s simply amazing (or perhaps
hypocritical) how someone like Gerald Ford
> can take regulatory agencies to task because
 they are antithetical to the spirit ofindividual
}' freedom and independenccthal our Founding

Fathers had in mind. while at the same time he

comes out. rather nmbiguousl y. against abor-

tion. which encompasses the government dic-
V v tulinglo tt woman what she can or can not do
_' I: with her body.

‘ But Ford isn‘t the only one pulling this
stunt. Democratic contender Jimmy Carter
takes the same wishy-wushy position
calculated to win just the right votes. And
Ronald Reagan. the man who‘s going to dis-
mantle big government by 590 billion. takes an
even more regressive anti-abortion stand thnn
Ford.

One candidate to clearly come out in favor
of abortion. lndiana Senator Birch iinyh. has
Mn paying dearly for it. He has become the
large! of protest at campaign stops because
ﬁlth-abortionists look at him us solely respon—
sible for the defeat of anti-abortion
amendments. This because he hands the
Senate Judiciary subcommittee where the
amendments were killed. At political
F‘hmnlis some people have called him a
murderer". played "Taps" for unborn
children and appeared wearingsurgicnl gowns
named with imitation blood. The abortion
Issue has taken such hold in the presidential
campaign that there is even one Long Island
lforum running for President on a one issue.
nBill-to-lifc. platform.
will? McCormack of \Mcrrick is now

Ld as a potentially serious spoiler in the

SW _Hﬂmpshirc and Massachusetts
Primaries. Hcr candidacy has gained so much
momentumthut she is on the verge of certilicn-

lion {0' “Welling Federal cum puign subsidies

32:“: has mixed $5000 in each of twenty
would lie doubts her serious chances. It
inn“ seem that her greater hope would he to
. see what she and her supporters see us
“overly Permissive Democratic Party.

  

 

 

 
   
    

 

 

by David Troeger
So, it appears whichever way you look at it.
abortion has the markings of n polarizing issue
that can displncc all others this ycurfor muny
voters.
of course this wrilcr pnscs n double lhrcnt.
.\‘ol only can he poluri/c \olcrs. but he can

polnri/c rcudcrs its \iL'll. l‘orthwilh some
obscrvnllnns on lhc issuc,
I‘irsl‘ \\'l1clhcrlcgnl orillcgnl.abortionsoc-

cur. Dinl‘t'tlllltilllg lhc dnughlcr ol suburbia
\\ ho cnn illlti the linnncml menus Io ohtnin nn
nborlion undcr Ihc proper auspices. what of
lhc poor who fucc IIIc choice bctwccn bearing
unwnntcd children or risking dcnlhin n slcu/y,
buck—ttllcy nborlion mill?

Second: legalizing nborlion doesn‘t mcztn
that every pI'chnInl woman in this country is
going to he forced to terminate her pregnancy.
The 1973 Supreme (‘ourt ruling does not forcc
women to have abortion. It mcrcly places the
decision where it belongs hclwccn lhc prcg-
nnnl woman and hcr doctor. As long as the
l'ctus is living offlhc mother the mother should
have the final choice rcgnrding an abortion.

'l'hirtl: Mislukcs hnppcn. Sexual activity, in-
cludIng intcrcoursc. is an Intcgrnl part of
human nature and human behavior. It is its
nnlurul ns \rnlklng or hrcnlhing. ll'ltvocngngc
in intercourse and an unwanted conception
takes plncc. the two pcoplc should have the
pcI'sonnl right to correct the situnIion.just him
any olhcr mistnkc which is corrcctcd or
nllcvinlcd. ll sccms primithc to lhink that at
this point in history an unwanted conception
should have to be paid for ctcrmtlly. In It
manner similar to llcstcr l’rynnc and her
scul'lcl lcllcr.

l‘innlly. rcgttrding Mrs. McCormIIck and
her Merrick morniisls: why don't they lnkcnll
that money they l'lllst‘tl for her campaign. in—
cluding the Federal mulching funds. and con-
tribute it to some inner city youth ttgcncy
it cttn he used for the purpose of
xuulitynnd

  

whcrc
teaching lccnngcrs ll bout humnn sc
contraceptives. and then use!

 

 

e d- not-to  

 

 

  

. .

On March 5. 1965, the Albany Student Press ran the following story on it's front
page. titled “Activities Ofﬁce Foils State's Lovers”. ln I965 the center of theuniversity
was downtown, with only StuyvesantTower on the uptown campus looking as it does
today.

Albany State‘s young lovers were confronted by the following sign'in Brubacher
lower lounge Saturday night: “Displays of personal affection are not allowed."

The sign was set up under the direction of William McKinnon. Director of Student
Activities, with recommendation by Mrs. Eleanor Hathaway, Director of Brubacher
Hull. . .

The big decision came after several weeks of deliberation in which the lounge
received much abuse by the students using it. Ralph Beisler of the University Center
Association stated that the purpose of the sign was to “improve the situation in the
lower lounge. Before we put the signs up it became difficult to preserve any semblance
of order in the lounge especially with refcrcnccto cxceSsive display of affection and/or
lust."

He added that the sign has been effective since its installation Saturday.

When asked if the Student Activities Office had any recommendations asto where
the students might go. he commented “it is their problem, not ours." After a brief
comcnt. he conjectured that the suggestion had been made that they rent a hotel room.

Student reaction to the sign has been unfavorable. One student asked“What arethe
bounds of personal affection? What if it‘s a girl you do not know at all, and you are
indulging. isn‘t this impersonal affection?“

Another State intellect said the sign “condescends the intelligence of most college
students." A fresh coed called it "ridiculous and it‘s pitiful because of the conditions
which fostered it to come about."

When one pretty coed was confronted with the sign she cried, “Oh God! it's pure
Hathaway!“

We should have such problems.

 

é . see

MASH/EA!) STAFF
I-lnnon lN rmw DANlEL GAINas
MANAGING snrrmn lMarinas DZINANKA
NEWh mIrnu  liarn' STEIN
AssoCIA‘I'I: nrws tnnuas  DAVID WlNllilJlEllG. ANDREA IiEltleliRG. CrNTuIA HACINLI
l'aonucrroN MANAH‘II PATRICK MCGLYNN
Assocurr: vuonucrIoN MAN/Ions  Lourss MARKS. CAsoL Mcl’usssoN. EI.I.I-:N FINE
lintIquAI. moss snl'ron... KIENNETII WAX
All'ls & rsnusrs cnrroas ......................................... ..SrIaNcss RAooIo. NAOMI FRIEDLANDER
Spun-rs rorroa NA l'llAN SALANr
Anson/yrs: sroars EDITOR... ...................... .. Mlt‘llltlil. l'stAasxl
Anvsurrsln “WAN-N lnun' ALIIsEcnr. Lrs ZucxsnMAN
Asstlt'lAl‘l: Anvturlsmt; MANAGER ............................................................... .. LISA BIUNDo
CLAhSIl'Ilil)-(EIMPFI‘I'I MANM’th Kanaru Conn
ltusmrss tumors DANIEL O‘CoNNoa

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

A. I’. and [In/I‘m News managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

l’rt'vimr; .loycc licigcnlnrum

Iii/ling xit'tltttllulll.‘ Susnn Domrcs

Composition manager: Ellen iloisen

Assistant to lllt' crlitttr' Ellen \Vciss

llcud twirl: Leslie Eisenstein

I’rm/tn-Iton: JIIIIcI Adler. i’nlty Ahern. Sarah Blumenstock. Cnrol Burger..lonn Ellsworth. Judi
llcitner. Marjorie lloganh, Vicki Kurtrmnn. Knthy Lam. Marc chc, Tilnill Levy. Michele
Lipton. Rich Mcrtnclstcin. .luncl Mctmier. Debbie Ricger. JDnn Silvcrblatl. Ellen Weiss
Alt/Ininislralive urrirtunt: .lcrclyn KItyc

Advertising prurlltt‘tlult: Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kiln. Brian Cuhill. Ann Wren

l’lmwgru/Ihy: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is publisher! t’l’L‘t‘ y litesduy and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy Is the rcspunsllJ/lity trflhe Editor in Clritf and subject to review by the
Masthead Sin/ﬂ Main ofﬁce: CC 329; telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Sludcnr Association.
Address mail In: Albany Student Press. CC329, 1400 Washington A venue. Albany. New York.

 

 

 

 
  
      

 

 

IV. I

i

tusin
n the
tthat

Istant
the
com
their
their
! IWO

 

