 

 

  
  

   
 
   
    
  
 

fr
produces" among some of the state's
. ocationsl schools. ﬁled suit
[Th ay against the department in
- an attempt to foreeit'to‘hand over
. theinformationl _ 3 r _
‘ But the ucatlpn Department.
responded thatit - had already given
the‘ board‘9.000 documents. and'
argued that releasing further infor-
mation Would constitute invasion of

privacy.

 

  

 
 

Daddon Soon

A decision in the case. ﬁled in
Albany County Supreme Court,
could come as early as April 9.
’ The Education Department cer-
tiﬁes vocational schools inthe state.
including ﬁrms which offer cor-
respondence courses and institutions
offering classes in truck-driving.
electronics repair and secretarial
Work.

   

reports of field supervisors‘ inspec:
tions of the schools. _ .

,fThes‘e are. the. very questions
prospective students want to know
the“ answers to.“ said. Ms. Pooler.
who is seeking information on the 50
largest vocational schools.

Thedepartment said it had releas-
ed-aII copies of letters dealing with
licensing and containing ﬁnal»
reports of investigations into com-
plaints. But a spokesman said the
agency had refused release of infor-
mation dealing with enrollments.
drop-out rates and ﬁnancial infor-
mation on grounds of invasion of
privacy.

In all, the spokesman said, the
department had turned over 9.000
documents. And in a statement later
in the day. Education Commissioner
Ewald Nyquist said he was

' truck-driver schools

“correspondence cours

Budget Cuts

continued from page one
into effect,until l977-78. In orderto
“ do this. lines will be borrowed next
year from departmenta‘ having
vacancies from attrition, who were
not earmarked for elimination or
' permanent cuts. Those positions
would be returned the following
year. I
Some savings will be made by cut-
ting $40,000 from thetemporary ser-
vices. The Task Force suggested that
some academic lines be saved by us-
ing temporary service funds. As a
result, those funds will be severely
hard-presed. Another $40,000 will
be saved by hiring lower-salaried
staff than originally planned for
some positions.

Student Teach-in and Rally Protest Budget Cuts

continued from page one
Academic Affairs. Phillip Sirotkin,
and Controller John Hartigan.
Hartigan discussed the .univer-
sity's ﬁnancial situation over the past
few years and stated that. “When we
receive an appropriation from the
state. we have no choice.”
According to Sirotkin. the ad-
ministration “realized the university
was spread too thinly in terms of
academic'resources. These resources

had to be consolidated."

Phillip Tompkins stated that “The
process could have been more effec-
tive if we had more time."

Professor of Political Science.
Martin Edelman. later pointed out
that the Task Force was given only
one month to make a decision that
would “not take effect for two
years.” Edelman stated that this
decision “should not be made over-
night, but instead. “be given several

 

 

Sumo

gt assistants-

 

“A LOVING VALENTINE FROM
PAUL MAZURSKY. . .ﬁnd
yourself  Mazursky’s half-
ironic, half-sentimental foray

into nostalgia?

Judith Crist. Saturday Review

 
   
 

IENNY BAKER SHELLEY WINTERS EILEN GREENE
CHRISTOPHER WALKEN Mam. PAUL MAZURSKY
and   mills» and Duaelso by  

couoa'av VOV'ELAB Pamls tar as tust -

Starts WEDNESDAY!
Cine 1-9-3-4-5-6 GL€lNU€ 1-9

PAUL MAZURSKY’S

t t
cfb%§ix§ic‘iii
Village

 
 
 

 

 

 

months for discussion."

Ira Birnbaum. last year’s Student
Association Vice President and the
only student member of the Task
Force, elaborated on the pressures
felt by the Task Force in making
these recommendations to President
Fields. He stated that they “weren't
given much leeway” in this "effort to
reshape the university."

Some of the criteria used in their
decision were the quality of the in-
dividual programs. faculty
workload, student demand, and cen-
trality. Birnbaum statedthatthc“en-
tire thrust was on the graduate
programs. with little concern for un-
dergraduate programs.“

Birnbaum agreed with other
speakers that “the process was very
incomplete.” andthat most decisions
were “based on external evaluations
from other people." He said that the
Task Force worked under secrecy
and that it was was suggested they
destroy all material after their deci-
sion was made.

Other viewpoints expressed at the
teach-in included that of En-
vironmental Studies professor
Rosemary Nichols. who saidthat. “if
undergraduates are the bqu of the
population.“ that is where the
priorities should lie. "Innovative
education loses in a budgetary crisis;
the community also loses."

Edclman expanded on the goals
and functions of higher education
and how he feels they are being ig-
nored in financial decision. He said
that higher education at all univer-
sities is concerned. not only with
educating people in the state. but
also with doing research and expan-
ding knowledge. Both students and
professors are involved in this
research. says Edelman.

Other speakers included Affir-
mative Action Director Kay Nor-
man. Peter Cocks. who chairs a com-
mittee of the United University
Professionals that plans to Draft a
Statement on the Cutbacks.

Coyne urged thOSe present to“get
involved in the march on the
Capitol.” He then suggested a short
break to collect more people outside
the campus center, and then return
to the work shops scheduled.

 
  

.Aibsrt Blumentbal herniation-stool"

 

 

 

 

 
 

ALBANY. N.Y.. (AP) The indicted Assemblyvmajority leader told a
suspensebfilled chamber packed with his fellow lawmakers Monday that he
will not resign. but will fight the inﬂuence peddling charges against him. “I
believe that my life is at stake,” Albert Blumenthal. D-Manbattan. said. “i
will stay and make myiight.” A nearly unanimous standingovmion followed
his emotional speech. Blumenthal. for years the leader of the liberal
Democrats in Albany and one of the most respected members of the
legislature, is accused of taking a bribe from nursing home czar Bernard

Bergman.

Ramsay Clark Announces Senate Candidacy

ALBANY, NY. (AP) Lanky ex-Texan Ramsey Clark became the third
Democrat to declare his candidacy for the U.S. Senate seat held by
Republican-Conservative James Buckley, attackingthe incumbent Monday
as “anti-consumer. anti-poor and anti-labor.“ “We have to renounce the
economic royalism that has been the single character of James Buckley‘s
tenure as a U.S. senator. the former U.S. attorney general said at an Albany
news conference. Clark joins twu other announced candidates for the
Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate, Assemblyman Andrew Stein of
Manhattan and Brooklyn parking-garage magnate Abraham Hirschfeld.

Iran Threatens to Cut‘ on U.S. Oil

WASHINGTON (AP) The Shah of Iran is warning that if Congress halts
American arms salesinthe Persian Gulf. Iran‘could retaliate by cutting off oil
and by creating “trouble for you in the region." The Shah. in a copyright
interview in U.S. News and World Report released Sunday, said other
countries are eager to sell arms to iron if the United States halted its mussch
weapons sales. He said Iran plans to buy more U.S. arms, including
“hundreds and hundreds" of airplanes. Saying U.S.-Iranian friendship is u
lasting relationship. the Shah referred to the United States as a “crippled
giant” because U.S. credibility has suffered. He said the U.S. failure to aid
anti-Communist factions in Angola contributed substantially to that.

Psychiatrist Testifies Against Hearst

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Patricia Hearst was “a rebel in search of a cause"
before she was kidmaped. an angry young woman“ripe for the plucking" and
eager tojoin her terrorist captors. a psychiatrist said Monday. “This girl was
a rebel." said Dr. Harry Kozol. “She had gotten into a state where she was
ripe for the plucking. She was in a receptive state of mind. “She was a re bcl in
search of a cause. . . ready for a cause. And the cause found her." The ()9-
ycar-old Kozol testified in the prosecution rebuttal case at Miss Hearst‘s
bank robbery trial, which entered its eight week Monday. Testimony was
delayed for two days last week after Miss Hearst fell ill with the flu.

CBO Denounces Ford’s Taxing Proposals
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford's taxing and spending proposals. ii
substituted for present policies. could slow down recovery and the decline in
unemployment without much immediate improvemcnt in inﬂation. the
Congressional Budget Office said Monday. In a report to the budch
committees of Congress. the budget ofﬁce CEO said the economic rcstrninl
proposed by Ford could mean an unemployment rate at the end of l977 six
tenths of one percentage point higher titan would exist under a current policy
program. The percentage translates into about 500,000 unemployed.

Fighting Continues In Lebanon

REIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Whatever the outcome of Lebanon's poucr
struggle. the real masters of the land are renegade soldiers, Moslcm and
Christian militias and Palestinian guerrillas. Christian President Suicimun
Franjcih, defying demands by the generals that he resign, is holed up in the
presidential pulacc defended by loyalists. Moslem Premier Rushid Kumnii.
who also was told to resign. has remained on the sidelines. Legislators are
afraid to report to parliament because of the Beirut street lighting, In this
vacuum. army defectors and the private armies have carved chnnon inlo
zones to continue the ll-month civil war.

Jackson Says Ford’s Chances Hurt

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) Sen. Henry M. Jackson. D—Wash.. said Monday
President Ford's chances for election have been hurt by Howard H. "llo"
Callaway‘s involvement in the expansion of a Colorado ski resort on federal
land. Callaway. who controls the resort, stepped down Saturday as Ford's
campaign manager. Jackson. a contender for the Democratic prcsidcnliztl
nomination. said Cullaway “should have come to Mr. Ford and said ‘Look.
this is embarassing. l‘minnocent. l‘mstcppingasidc.‘ "“Hcdidn‘t dotltnl. It
had to come out in a hearing." “lfthe allegations are true. it‘s misconductqu
very serious nature. But let me befairto Mr. Ford. What information isihcrc
that he knew anything about this? It can happen in any administration.“

Justice Dept. Calls ACTION Hiring Illegal

WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department has concluded that hiring h)’
ACTION. the government's voluntary antipoverty corps. during the Nixon
administration might have violated the law and husturnedthe mutter over In
a U.S. attorney for action. two congressmen said Monday. Reps. John I'.
Moss and Augustus F. Hawkins. both California Democrats. released in
letter from Asst. Atty. Gen. Richard L. Thornburgh notifyingthem of the

 

“mm” M.“ “ 61mm” “‘1' move Moss and Hawkins had referred ' " r'
’ 4 r to the Ju.t Dc rtm‘nt a (ml
# Colonic 459-8300 7 E. Glenvllle 399-9696 Whilwa TALK" OVII‘I Service Commission report late last year whichg tiiiid A'CBTION illegally
i can mm“ [0" “um6 "WWW" cu" m . err—£55300 screened “and”ch l0! lhtir political desirability for high-level positions
from I972 through early I974.
PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MARCH 16 1976
I

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

   
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
 

  
 

  

 
 
 
  
 

. .._ ,.),.~.;..c_ m.

 

by Damien Max _
The originator of a multi-media

method of teaching Hebrew at.

SUNYA was killed in an automobile
accident-in Israel on March II. Zvi
Abbo. the 48-year-old Assistant
Professor of Judaic Studies here
Want to Israel with his family on a
leave of absence.

A native Israeli. Abbo first came
to America in 1962. He began

" teaching at scars in i669. and w...

 

one of the founders of the Judaic
Studies Program. In Israel. behad
engaged {in various other oc:
cupations. ‘ Among these were
teaching political science, acting as
legal counselor for the town of Safed
and serving in Israel's Ministry of
Foreign Affairs.

His schooling included a teaching
degree from the Teacher‘s Institute

Mary Hartman is at SUNYA

by Maria Abrams

As one o'clock approaches. the
Campus Center TV room fills with
30-50 students who urcjust intimeto
scc the concluding minutes of “All
My Children." Thcn someone
dashes to change the channel.

The soapy-sweet music begins and
u squeaky voice on the TV shouts.
“Mary Hartman. Mary Hartman.“
the title of the newest member ofthc
soap opera circuit. However. most
people who crowd into the TV room
cnch day at this time (and leave as
quickly as they came a half hour
later) would agree that this soap
opera is strangely unique from the
other soups that surround it.

Producer Normun Lear. of“AlI In
the Family“ fame. has created a
“spoof of soap operas“ and at the
same time. “a spoof of the people
who watch soap operas.” says junior
'l‘odd Gross.

In onlinch weeks.“Mary Hart-
mnn. Mtiry Hartman“ has collected
n considerably large following. In
some cities. where it is aired at H
p.m.. it is even outrutingthc network
news shows. What lies behind ihcin-
tcnsc popularity of this show‘.’

While many people ntlmit thcyurc
addicted to the show because of its
scrittl noturc. almost all the com-
Illcllls from SUNYA students have
been III the superlative. Laura
(iucrtno hclicws that "people either
lotc it or hate it."

One scnior says. "It nutch u lot of
good points and is extremely funny.
. . I think it's the best thing Nortnttn
l.cur has done.“ Another livid “ Mary
Ilurtmnn . .  viewer describes the
show us “one big commercinl."

Mary Iitll‘inlilll. played by Louise
Lttsscr. is in effect. it housewife who
has incorporated into her lift: all she
has learned on commercial tclcvi-
.sion. For example. she screams to
but sister‘s deaf-mute boyfriend.
“Do you like the cake. Steve? It‘s
Duncan llcinrl“ thn confronted
by hcr mother‘s curiousity of her
marital problems. Mary diverts the
conversation to the importance of
sanitizing onc‘s toilet. Mary‘s con-
cern with products coincidentally
resembles the “Cleanliness obses-
sion" of the housewives of popular
commercials.

Numerous people found tltc first
lcw shows of “Mary Hartman. Mary
llnrtmnn" an enigma. Norman Lcur

states in Rolling Stone magazine
that. “After all. watching this show
can be something like a Rorschach
Test and—well. if the person
watching you merely stares blttnkly.
nodding in grave agreement. while
slapstick. masts murder. venereal dis-
ease and general mayhem appear on
the screen. you might just have
legitimate cause to worry.“

One of the masons that viewers
“stared blunkly" at the screen the
first few shows may be due to the
lack of a laugh track. Onc viewcr
says that, he couldn't quite unders-
tand what the show was about when
he first viewed it. The humor was so
subtle. people didn‘t know how to
react.

However. the show‘s absurdity
and outrageousness has confirmed
its ,humorous 'intent to those ‘who
waited to find out. Others who didn‘t
catch its meaning. turncdit off. com-
menting that it was "sick."

Many students interviewed agree
that the show is much funnier when
viewed in the Campus Center than it
is at home. The group laughter seems
to produce the same effect as a laugh
track. In addition, they feel the show
has “definitely improved since the
lirsl few shows." One new aspect is
the use of organ music at the end of
certain dramatic points.

While Mary Hartman uppcttrcdto
be on “iniolcrnbly stupid housewife"
in the first few episodes. regular
viewers can see the intricacies of her
personality that make the show so
appealing.

Ltturn (iucrino suys.“Mnry Hart-
man hours horrible things and
doesn't care. while she over reacts to
Iriviul household problems such us
the unity yellow buildup on her
lloot'."

Michele Ilurknn. a senior. believes
Mtu'y llnrtmttn is the stereotype of
the “typical American housewife.“
She says “Lcnr appeals to it ccrtnin
brand of people."

So the absurdity will continue.
Mury Hartman‘s neighbor Leroy
will drown in chicken soup. Loretta
nnd Charley‘s car will be Itit by a car
full of nuns. And Mary. ltcr husband
and his lover will ilii fear they have
V.D.

Most nitlii. SUNYA students will
fruitlesst attempt to curcthcir Cum-
pus Ccntcr nddictions~ of pinball.
foosbtill and Mary Hartman.

Liberal Arts Degree No Gateway

by The College Press Service

()ncc considered the gateway to
success. it liberal arts degree may in-
stead be the route to restlessness. A
study recently completed by the
College Placement Council shows
that liberal arts graduates are in—
crcnsingly displeased with their jobs
and in many cases would like to find
different places to work.

And to compound their problems,
humanities and social studies
students are having more trouble
just finding ajob—rcgardlcss of how
well suited it is to their training——
thnn students who started college in

MARCH 16, 1976

 

the curly sixties.

The study was made by polling a
group of I27.000 freshmen in l96l
and another 250,000 freshmen in
1966. A follow—up study done in
l97l queried a sample of each group
to see what they thought about the
jobs they got after graduation and
how their education prepared them
for their Work.

While about two percent of the
Will freshmen were unemployed in
the I97l follow-up study. that figure
was up to |8% for liberal arts
graduates hitting the marketplace in
I972.

 

Hebrew University.

While here. Abbo taught Hebrew ‘
literature and Hebrew language. as.
well as the multimedia course. He '

also served as'the acting chairman of
the Judaic Studies Program for the
l972-73 school year.

Abbo‘s work on his multi-media
method was ﬁnanced by a SUNY
Central grant.

The method. which involves audio
lab sessions. TV tapes. and live
sessions. was instituted at SUNY in
I972.

Current chairman of the Judaic
Studies program Stanley Isscr said.
“It enabled us to stretch out our
resources and sections. Althoughthe
project started with practical pur-
poses in mind. it eventually formed
into research in itself and hc[Abbo].
before his death. was in the process
of writing it up for a doctoral disser-
tation at the Sorbonne."

Abbo leaves behind his wife Sheila
and three children.

According to Isscr. Abbo was
scheduled to return to SUNYA in
the fall.

Isscr said that Abbo was tryingto
institute the multi-mcdia technique
inthcteochingof Arabic at the Un-
iversity of Haifa. He was also serving
as the representative of the SUNY
Abroad program in Israel.

"When he was in Albany he had
quite an impact on and did a lot of
work with other Jewish educational
institutions. He was well-known and
well-liked." said Isscr.

at Haifa. and a Iawdegree from 'r

 
 
  
 

  
    
    
    
     
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

   

The late 2vl Abbe on videotape. Abbo'a multI-madia method of
teaching Hebrew pioneered at SUNYA In 1972.

 

Erratum

The ASP regrets having printed erroneously that the Pan-Caribbean
Association was reluctant to participate in today‘s rally for fear of
“hurting their efforts“ (ASP. March 12).

Accordingto the PCA. they object to the budget cuts that have been in
all departments. especially Pucrto Rican Studies. As minority students.
they feel that these cutbacks will seriously affect them.

Campus Vandals Smash Windows

 

Colonial Quad Dorm Director Howie Woodruit‘s smashed car waslust one In a series of vandalisma.
Security Director James Williams said the Incidents look like the results at a drunken spree.

by Bryan IIoIzberg

“Looks like some people working
their way through a drunken spree."
said Security Director James

 

IN MEMORIAM

The Judaic Studies
Department and
The Jewish Students
Coalition-Hillel
of SUNYA
mourn the death of

PROFESSOR ZVI ABBO

our colleague, teacher,
and friend.

 

 

 

Williams. speaking ofa series of van-
dalism incidents.

Early Friday morning. University
Police discovered a smashed car win-
dow by Dutch Quad. smashed win-
dows by the Social Science and
Humanities buildings and the van-
dulizcd car of Colonial Quad Coor-
dinator. Howie Woodruff.

"All appear related." said
Williams. “This went beyond being
someone‘s idea of a prank."
Williams continued. Williams said
that it looked like someone really
wanted to get Woodruff. perhaps as
they returned from drinking that
night.

“Woodruff has been having his
problems." Williams said.
Woodrufi‘s car had been vandalized

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

earlier in the year with the air let out
of his tires and valves cutoff. accor-
ding to Williams. Woodruff was un-
available for comment on this or
previous incidents.

Williams said that he had been
told that the damage to the
anonymous student's car at Dutch
had totaled 581. He estimated that
the damage to Woodrufl‘s car would
amount to at least four times that
amount.

“We suspect someone on the Quad
[Colonial]." said Williams. “but
you're dealing with a large number
of people in a small area."

Anyone with any information
concerning the acts of vandalism is
asked to contact Investigator Jack
Ruth at 457-8204.

PAGE THREE

 

