;....—..,.,._.,. Karen—W.“ my.” .. I. .33! _ I “WV

1‘"

“awe admomjl 4.

4x

       
  
 

Jojommendsterthindlttg’ld.

 Joseph Saovarffy: “We
feel, that ltis an oumom salon
and it; is completely based on un-
A‘t‘ounded‘cbsrg‘es made against the

department. It is untruethst we have

an unsatisfactory number of
stations our classes.“ fan I
"teach. in this semaster. “studentsin
“AtthessmetimaJhebccusstions
that we'didn't fulﬁll the leadership
role in the division of humanities is
simply maliu'otu because it was the
administration which hindered us to
gm the services of two of the most
outstanding Comparative literature
professors: Professors Falk and
Block, who both expressed
willingness to join the faculty.
I Professor Block is President of the
American Comparative literature
Association and after failure of the
SUNYA administration to offer him
a post here, he accepted an offer
from Binghamton.

“I would like to challenge the
Presidential Task Force to make
accessible thcir publication records.
because it's my contention that I
alone have twice as many
publications as all the members of
the Task Force and President Fields
all together. Besides Professor
Spalck (Task Force chairman) is
biased personally and this attack on
Comparative literature is his per-
sonal revenge.”

Nurslng—Tark Force
recommendr phase out over four
years.

Assistant Dean Shirley Kane:
“Both students and facultyarein op-
position to the recommendation.
They feel that the report as it relates
to the School of Nursing has certain
inaccuracies and inconsistencies as it
relates to the criteria used by the
Task Force to determine the
recommendation and they did in-
dicate this is their rebuttal reply to
President Fields.

The students and faculty are con-
tinuing to bringtheir concerns about
quality health care for the public to
President Fields, to Chancellor
Boyer. to legislators and the com-
mittee at large. They've secured 12.-
000 signatures on petitions so far."
Inter-Amerlcan Studlas—Task
Force recommends termination of
RA. and Latin American MA.

Director Frank Carrino: “We
hope we will be able to retain a dis-
cipline in Inter-American Studies
with no center structure. because it's
obvious that it will be phased out.
The cost of the center is not serious.
but still costs some money.

“By phasing out the graduate
program and keeping the un-
dergraduate major. maybe sometime
we could restore the graduate
program. We'd like to encourage the
university to maintain an un-
dergraduate inter-disciplinary major
in Inter-American studies on the
basis of student interest onthc upper
and lower division. The importance
of Latin America to the United
States is going to increase as time
goes on. especially when weconsider
that Latin America will have at least
doubled its population by the year
2000."

 

   
     
 

  

“ﬂier—Task Force recommend!
cutting a faculty line.

Chairman Bruce Marsh: "1 still
have some hope that the President
dill exercise some resportsible

 

 
  
  
   

 

'0'“ MY. M‘effeas on the

. department if the [Task Force]ch

are made. They didn't have. time to
look into it in dasil. Had they had
the time. they might have made a
more reesonsble recommendation.
Afro-American “MOI-Task
[force recontrnendt‘ reduction of one
rte. .
Chairman (and Task Force
member) Frank Pogue: “We were
hoping to recruit a person incest-
Afriean history; it will effect us
negatively there. It [the recommen-
dation] was one that was not
welcomed. but one that we are forc-
ed to withstand."
Astronomy—Task Force
recommendt termination of as.

Assistant to the Chairman Frank
Jettner: “I think we've already been
done in. 1 think all of ourfacultyfeel
that our department was pretty well
terminated through the actions of
President Benezet, sothis is all pretty
anticlimaetic.”

Classics— Task Force recommends
cutting Ph. D.

Chairman Hans Pohlsander: “The
Department of Classics represents
an intellectual discipline which is not
only the oldest of all. but alsoeentral
to the humanities. This is why un-
iversities which are recognized for
the excellence of their graduate
programs invariably offerthe Ph. D.
in Classics. This is true of univer-
sities in any part of the country.
whether private of public. Without a
Ph.D. program in classics. this un:
iversity will never be able to claim
true excellence for its graduate
programsnThe termination of the
Ph.D. in classics would. therefore.
be a loss not onlyto the department.
but also tothe other humanities and
to the entire university.

“Since I968 the Department of
Classics has. without the addition of
f ull-time faculty, more than doubled
its enrollment. We are now
operating at a faculty/student ratio
approachingthat which prevails on
this campus at large. We view the
recommended loss of one faculty line
as an undeserved misfortune.

“The faculty and students of the

department are saddened and disap-
pointed by the Task Force
recommendations."
library and Information—Turk
Force recommends cutting one line.
borrowing another.

Dean John J. Farley: “The Task
Force Report recommends that the
School of Library and Information
Science be reduced one faculty line
[as previously recommended by the
Select Committee] and that, in addi-
tion. one line be borrowed from the
School during l976-77.

“We concurred last spring in the
one-line reduction and agreed not to
replace Professor Susan Smith who
retired on December 31, I975.

“To replace Professor Dorothy
Cole who will retire in June 1976, we
have been conducting during the
current academic year. a vigorous
search for an appropriate junior
faculty member to further
strengthen the information science
aspects of the program. We have
found and have. asafaculty. cometo
an agreement upon a highly
qualiﬁed prospective appointee. Mr.
James Llinas. He happens to be a
minority-group member—the only
Spanish-American information
science specialist we have been able
to locate in several years of faculty
recruiting Histcachingand research
specializations ﬁt in uniquely with
the School's needs. He will receive
his Ph.D. in information science in
July 1976 from SUNY Buffalo. He
has had eleven years experience as a
research engineer and holds a degree
in library science with a specializa-
tion in library management and
systems. He is very highly
recommended.

“We've discovered that Mr. Llinus
is very much in demand and is being
interviewed in several universities
throughout the United States.
although he has indicated a
preference tojoin our faculty.

“Because of the attractiveness of
Mr.'Llinas as a candidate. we very
strongly request that a line not be
borrowed from the School for 1976-
77. We feel certain that there will be
no possibility of hiring himif we are
required to wait a year.

 

It’s in the

97¢)!me! on campus.

 

 

PAGE FOUR

' phone 270-6236
M It I M h All fares I070.
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The Program of
tth *ar isn’t on

T V.’
Air Force
R( )T( I.

Look into the Alt Force ROTC. And there are
4-year. 3-year, or 2vysar programs to choose from.
Whichever you select. you'll leave college with a com-
mlsslon as an Air Force officer. Wlth opportunities for a
posltlon wlth rosponslblllty...cha|lenga...and. of course.
flnanclal rewards and security.

The courses themselves prepare you for leadershlp
posltlons ahead. Posltlons as a member of an aircrew...
or as a mlsslle launch officer...pos|tlons uslng mathe-
matlcs...sclences...englnoerlng.

Look out for yourself. Looklntothe Air Force ROTC

  

Colonel Robert L Craine
ASd RC Rm 317 RP!

 

 

 

“While we appreciate the serious
ﬁscal stringencies that cause the
Task Force to recommend that this
line be borrowed from us for a year.
we believe not only that Mr. Llinas‘s
appointment would. to a very signiﬁ-
cant degree, further strengthen our
information science component. as
the Task Force recommends. but
also. as the Task Force further
recommends. bring ‘ about new
collaborative arrangements with
other units, particularly the Depart-
ment of Computer Science and the
University Library.

Spout! Psthology— Task Force
recommends phase out of bachelor's
and master's program.

Department statement: “Speech
Pathology and Audiology is not ‘just
talking,’ it is communication which
is the foundation for learning The
effect of the Task Force's recom men-
dation to phase out the Department
of Speech Pathology and Audiology
at the State University of New York
will bcfelt most severely bethose less
able to speak for themselves. For ex-
ample: Thehearing impaired child
who had been misdiagnosed as
trainably mentally retarded but who

now with speech and language ,

therapy from SUN YA students is
able to be mainstreamed in regular
classes; a six-year old boy repeatedly
excluded from school for behavior
problems, when in fact his problem
was severe language delay. is now
able to read and attend regular class
with intensive speech-language
remediation from SAU students
during the past six months.

The effect of the Task Force‘s
recommendations on the citizens of
this State and particularly the
speech. hearing. and language han-
dicapped citizens are myriad and far-
reaching The fact that some $213,-

aste If: Priorities

000 of grant moneyto on-goingcom. I.

munin programs is imminently lied

to the continuation of this damn. ,

ment; that some 3005everely mullip-
l y handicapped children. for whom
ray of hope had been established
will no longer receive help; that com:
munity agencies servicing the han-
dicapped Would lose the beneﬁt or
volunteer services of [I13
department's 220 undergraduateand
35 students [This can mean the
reduction of therapy services in
several agencies from the present 4-5
hour dayto % hour daily orless. with
a severe regression in learning]; lhal
New York State residents whodcsirc
a quality education [B.S.. MS] in
speech Pathology and audiology or
who must continue their education
in order to meet mandated New
York State licensurc rcquircmcnls.
will either have to pay a highcrtui-
tion to a private institution. be forc-
ed to pay a higher tuition outside
N.Y. State, or be forced to travel ex-
tensively within the state; are but a
few of the reasons why the depart-
ment must be continued,

The effect ofthe cut inthe Univct‘
sity community means lhtlt n free
service to SUNYA students. fucully
and staff who have speech. language.
or voice impediments will bc lusl. In
addition. the School nl Fdllt‘illlun
will have eliminated Ill lt‘lllillt’
employees. four black cmpluyccs.
and the only bluck/‘vmulv (llillr/lt‘f-
son on the whole SU N YA campus as
well as perhaps the lurgesl [l‘llltllt’
student body in the whole School of
Education. All of the uhmc con-
siderations apparently were of no
importance to the Tusk l‘urcc. l‘ht-
ramiﬁcation ofthis dccismuintcrms
of the human suffering of the hun-
dicapped obviously mcum ltttlc to

('Ullliiiltl’tl Ull [Itll’l'5

 

 

 

TOTIIIII‘I’O'IDOMYW

Ctr-starring: ELMER FUDD tr. DAFFY DUCK s.
MEN-PIE *. PORKY PIG a. SVLVESTER e. and more
of your tovorlle Loonay Tum Characters.

Otters Raising Films taro characters 0 Warner Bros.
Starts WEDNESDAY!

.u

 

 

MOHAWK MALL

ltown Road
Schenectady $70-$20

 

 

 

CINE 1-2-3-4-5-6
Northway Mall
Colonic

 
  
  

   

 
 
 
 
  

 
 
  
 

 

 

 

    
  

    

 
  
    
  
  
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
    
  

/.I/ A 1'

 

 

r Reaction to Task Force Report}

involved with the handicapped pop- evidence of the low priority given to

justiﬁed on the basis of criteria used. faculty resources to develop astrong

w"""“‘dfmm Page 4 represents a deplorable form of in-
thore who have not been personally tensiﬁed persecution and is clear

ulation and their families. minority groups by the larger socie-
“The recommended phasing out ty.

of the Bachelor's and Master's The Puerto Rican Studies Depart-
programs in Speech Pathology and ment is a new unit which has not
Audiology at SUNYA is totally un- been given the opportunity and

The University councils and Presi- basis for normal growth. The cons-
denl Fields havcbeen presented with tant threats which have faced the
ample evidence to support that fact. Department since its onset have
Whether the President and various forced the faculty and students to
councils and committees will choose divert their efforts into a eonitnuous
to ignorethat evidence remainstobe struggle for its survival. The
seen. significance of the elimination of
Puetlo RIC-n Sindhi—Task faculty lines in any one department
Force recommends cutting one line, cannot be measured in terms of ab-
possibly two. solute numbers but rather in the
Chairperson Edna Acosta-Belch: relative proportion of individual
“We consider that the budget cuts faculty lines to the total number of
in a public institution of higher faculty positions withintheunit.ltis
education is particularly detrimental in this context that the elimination of
to the educational opportunities of one faculty line inthe PRS Depart-
tl.c lower socio—economic stratum ment. which at ﬁrst sight does not
and minorities. 0n the other hand. seem to be much. yet represents 25
they explicitly protecttheinterests of percent of the faculty. A second line
the provatc lnstututions of higher cut. therefore. would represent 50
education. which further limits the percent of the total faculty and
opportunities of those groups. would betantamounttothedcstruc-
Therefore. the budget cuts arein and tion of our Department.
of themselves doubly dis- For these reasons. our open
criminutory. demonstrations of protest should
ln the specific case of ethnic comeusno surprisetotheuniversity
studies programs. any additional administration and community in

     

by Sue his“

' In order td‘stop the whole notion
of dismantling the university,"
members of United University
Professions. Inc. will participate in
next Tuesday's rally at the State
Capitol. according to a source close

‘to UUP President Samuel J.

Walkshull.

UUP is a statewide bargaining
unit for faculty and nomteaching
personnel. According to this in-
formed source. UUP has consistent-
ly been on record in opposition .to
the way in which recent budget cuts
are being implemented.

Members of the SUNYA chapter
of UUP had adopted several
resolutions shortly after the
Presidential Task Force on
Priorities and Resources'
recommendations were released.

The that resolution. :s'ecording‘ to

the chapter presidetn, Bruce Marsh.
was that “in substance. we do com-
mend the Task Force for being able
to meet the immediate crisisthrough
attrition.” Attrition involves making
use of facultylines which become va-
cant through resignation. retire-
ment. non-renewal. etc.

As for the Task Force’s

recommendations pertainingto I977
and beyond. Marsh says. “We feel
that the time available to them [the
Task Force] was not sufﬁciem to
give proper consideration to what
the future should be."

According to Marsh UUP feels

that future plans need to be re-
examined‘and re-evaluated.

In addition. UUP has resolved to

organize internal long-term plan-
ning committees which will provide

to Peter Cocks. crammed"
Ad Hoe Committee to For-must
Position on the Buth Situiip

both the faculty and the studeru
have been very much divided in the
face of these policies. There's really
been no concerted action or discus-
sion.” *

 
       

Cocks said that, “By and large. '

“Teach-In" on Monday
In an attempt to coordinateird'or-

mation and discussion concerning
policy decisions, UUP will alsopar-
ticipate in Monday’s “Teach-In" at
this campus. According to Cocks.
the ﬁrst half of the day will be
devoted to a presentation of various
perspectives on the budget cuts while
the second half will consist of small-
group discussions.

Fields Receives Review on Task Force Suggestions

continued from page one

On administrativeinput,the EPC
said “beyond the charge of the Presi-
dent to the Task Force and the data
supplied to it relating to stafﬁng.
costs. and F115 ratio, the Task Force
proceeded with its deliberations
separately and apart from the ad-
ministration's own deliberations. . .
it did meet with President Fields and
staff to assess the degree of congruity
and progress toward the required
reductions. In the case of the ad-
ministrative review as well. ad-
ministrative input on ratings of units
was not made until after the Task
Force had begun its review of inter-
nal and external documentation. . .
the EPC is satisﬁed that the Task
Force worked independently and
that its report is the result of its own
data review. deliberations. and
voting.“

Twenty-six academic and ad-
ministration responscs were “review-
ed and evaluated with respect to rglet
vant evidence that may have been
overlooked by the Task Force. but
the EPC does not ﬁnd the evidence
to be of sufficient weight to alter the
Task Force recommendations."
Among these are the ' ‘ltalian
Program. Music and Theatre,
Afro-American Studies. En-
vironmental Studies. l’uerto Rican
Studies, Physics. Speech Pathology.
School of Library Science. and 0f-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

459-8300

MARCH 12. 1976

   

casurc against them, therefore. general.

  

We thlnk the ROTC program can help you no
matter what your plans are after college.
We're looking forward to an executlvelob uslng
the skllls we galned in college— lncludlng the
Ieadershlp skllls we learned ln tho ROTC
program.

 

   

 

MARCH 12, 1976

  

Talk about options. We can go directly lnto an
xecutlve lob full time In our field startlng at
310,900 as an olflcen we could go to graduate

lieu of Student Affairs.

 
    

(or professlonal school) flrst. or on a sub-
sldlzed basls later; or we could go lnto aclvlllan
lob and exercise our commlaslon strlctly part-
tlme as a reserve officer (and supplement our

The 2i units which the EPC felt
should be reevaluated were: Art
History. Chinese Studies. Classics.
Comparitive Literature. Judaic
Studies. Rhetoric and Communica-
tion. Inter-American Studies. At-
mospheric Sciences. Biology.
Business Education. Physical
Education. Nursing. Social Welfare.
Educational Communications
Center, Ofﬁce of Graduate Studies.
International Programs and Student
Advisement. Registrar. and the Un-
iversity College.

In each case above the Task Force
either clariﬁed or gave an additional
suggestion to solve a particular

problem. In most cases the unit ex-
plained that they would suffer in
some unforseen way. which is why
the EPC made a comment. The Task
Force did not change any
recommendation, but suggested in
most cases that within the same ﬁscal
constraints. the units could make
some adjustments. Most of these
questions were left to President
Fields. The only error that the Task
Force corrected from its ﬁrst report
was in the year for the completion of
the phasing out of the School of Nur-
sing. The last class should graduate
in May. I979. not I980 as implied in
the original report.

Task Force Suggestions Criticized '

continued from page~ one
member has met. with Fields.

lf Art History is cut. a student's
alternatives would be programs at
SUNY Buffalo and SUNY
Binghumton. and locally at Skid-

more.

Another department recommend-
ed to be eliminated is astronomy. If
this happens, six out of the seven
faculty members will be released by
August 3|. says the Task Force

report.

Astronomy professor

very disappointed in them.

According to him. freshman and

     

Learn what it takes to ead.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   

clvlllan lncoma about $1,500 a year to start).
The Slens ROTC program can help you get

about. It.

 

where you want to be. Call 105-0501 or stop by
bulldlng 01 on the Slsna Campus and talk

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Donald
Schmallberger calls the Task Force
proceedings "odious." and says he is

sophomores who cannot complete
all the courses necessary to major in
Astronomy will be forced -to go into
related ﬁelds. such as physics. and
applied math.

Members of the astronomy
department talked about aiegal suit.
said Schmalberger. but the idea was
eliminated becausethe cost would be
too high. “We are obviously too
small a group to march on the
capitol like the nurses." he said.

Others in the astronomy depart-
ment seemed resigned to the Task
Force's recommendation.

Dr. Joe Erkis feels it is their right
to cut astronomy. but is “angry at the
methods" they used.

“It is unfair to the students
because thcjuniors and seniors must
take five or six major courses to
complete the degree requirement."
says Erkis. “This will undoubtedly
affect their grades and chanced for
grad school.

He also expressed anger over the
fact that no provisions were made

for freshmen and sophomores. Ac-
cording to him. there are no other
astronomy programs in the SUNY
system.

Spokesman for the comparative
literature and speech pathology

programs. also recommended by the
Tusk Force to be eliminated. were
not available for comment.

  
      
     
       
    
   

 

PAGE FIVE

 

 

 
  
    
   
   
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

