  

 
 

 

 

 

a"

my»... h.m.ﬁ.w.nM«—.——-m -xiw—.nrwma-w.uW—.«v-w z“... .

t
l
i
l
i
i

i
2
t
g
l
t
t
i
t

 

 

 


i

 

2qu, III  M. 
responding with to eo‘nethougittful. sincere.

   ’f'uiss'j
huff 

To theltltor:

' ‘An article (“Bus Services Cut at Prime
Hours”) in the Friday. Jan. 23 edition of the
ASP quoted Plant Superintendent lra DeVoe
as having said that he has had little coopera-
tion from students in the matter of reduced
bus' service between the" uptown and down-
town campuses. and that “students should be
willing to leave for uptown ﬁve or ten minutes
earlier" than usual to alleviate overcrowding.

I feel that we students have been more than
cooperative regarding the bus situation. i
don't mind leaving ﬁve or ten minutes earlier
for a class uptown. however, I do mind that. in
order to be on time for my l0: l0 a.m. class on
Tuesdays and Thursdays. I have to leave my
room at 9:10 am. It scents absurd that one has
to allot an hour's time to go three miles on a
bus. l also resent the fact that lcannot get on
the bus at the Alumni Quad bus stop, but must
walk to Quail Street just to get on.

Tltis. I feel. shows cooperation on my part
and on the part of my fellow students (since
they must go through the same hassles to get to
their classes). I

Perhaps Mr. DeVoe should spend more
time working with students on improving the
bus schedule and less time complaining to the
ASP about the lack of cooperation he is
receiving.

Pat Leonard

 

pen pol

To the Editor:

Please excuse me for intruding on your
time. I would not do so ifl didn't believe my
cause was of great imponance.

l have been in the Ohio Correctional In-
stitution for 20 months. And during my stay
here. I have come upon many difﬁcult and
depressing encounters. but none so great as
loneliness. it‘s hard for me to convey exactly
what loneliness is like in prison; one would
have to experience it to truly and fully up-
preciate the absence of it.

Night after night I sit in my cell wondering
what l can do about this monstrous feeling of
despair and hopelessness. The pain is
frustrating and bitter even inits lesserdegrees.

i need and desperately want someone to
relate to. someone who might understand
what l‘m going through. someone who will at
least make an attempt to understand. I never
realized how much companionship meant un-
til i was locked-up. Likethe old parable goes.
"You don't miss your water until your well

runs dry."
I‘m a 22 year old Black male . . . l have no
racial hang-ups or other such senseless faults

PAGE TEN

 

realistic and receptive will be- great help to
me. Please help me if you can. « v I
If you haveany of the above qualities. which
seem to be absent in most people. then write:
Samuel Keener. I33-128. Box5l l, Columbus.
Ohio 43216..
Thank you for your time and consideration.

 
   
 

‘ 1‘" close now with hopes that you can help me

in my endeavor to ﬁnd correspondence.
Samuel Keener

' attacking

a decision...

To the 'Editor:

It is my understanding that the future of the
Environmental Studies Program at SUNYA is
in jeopardy. As an alumnus workinginthe en-
vironmental ﬁeld I can only begin to express
my consternation for the prospect of having
the department absorbed by another. or dis-
olved.

The interdisciplinary nature of this ﬁeld. as
well as the need for identity and respect. ob-
viate the need for Environmental Studiesto be
an entity unto itself with the full support of the
university behind it. Environmental concerns
have matured from “pulling tires from
streams“ to a scientiﬁcally based and political-
ly potent national force. In orderto effectively
integrate environmental concerns with
various planning and decision-making
processes, the academic world must produce
environmental professionals, not professional
environmentalists. To this end I hope you will
dedicate yourself to maintaining an En-
vi ronmental Studies Department within
which a high quality multi-disciplinaryeduca-
tion may be obtained for those who wish to
pursue a life protecting the public health and
welfare through'environmental careers.

i David ,marow
Environmental lanner/
Air Quality Specialist

...to wreck
the environment

To the Editor:

As an alumnus (‘73). and as one who work-
ed on establishing the Environmental Studies
Program, I am deeply troubled by the recent
suggestions to incorporate the program into
another department.

Environmental Studies grew out of the
recognition of the failure of traditional
educational programs (being narrow and
fragmented) in preparing students to assume
responsible roles in society. The value of the
traditional education has, consequently. been
questioned and fallen prey to charges of
irrelevancy. Much of this criticism can be
justiﬁed.

Environmental Studies provides a unique
opportunity for students to receive a broad
and ﬂexible education. one that can be tnore
appropriate to the students' future needsand
one that encourages the well balanced
development of people as individuals.

As a major social institution. the University
has a responsibility tointegrate its educational
programs with the social needs, and planning
and decision-making functions, by preparing
people who can capably assume positions of
responsibility. A strong. integrated, inter-
disciplinary education is a prerequisite for the
responsible and competent exercise of
leadership, administration; and planning in
society. The university is in a position to
provide such educations. and it should res-
pond to such needs as they develop.

To integrate Environmental Studies with
another department will not only contravene
the raisort d‘etre of. the program. but will

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 

‘ ty such as State afford to placeritself in cache

Quintin illitf,  __ '
hie citizens hd competent leaders. Such

‘ will “cave State students' with few. if
it. viable alternativei. Can a major universi-

      
 
  
  
 

 

tenuoti position?- v ,

 

surethe continued operation, autonomy, and
upgrading of the Environmental Studies
Program. If the university fails to provide
such opportunities perhaps it should be reex-
antined to determine the value of what is
offered. not only to the individual. but to
society.» ls taxpayers” money being put to the
best use possible? Please inform me of what
you intend to do.

John L. Stirling

I strongly urge you to do all you can toen- »

so. just to sign g H
teacher would to there werean'y questions
about the term project," which there never

‘ were, and woulddismiss Iii, “to the library, to

work on your papers." I doubt his intent was

‘ to enlighten us as t'o'the'joys early morning

research (most of us had yet to fully awaken),
rather he could collect ,his paycheck,fand
document class-teaching time without doing
anything. For this i pay my tuition dollars?
For this business the business world wants me
to get a college degree?

1'" grant that there are some courses where
in-class verbal interplay is important, but
those courses usually don‘t have to threaten
grades to have studentsshow up. But too often
“the importance of class participation" is cited

That’s the language tlt

 

amt?

as a reason for demanding that a student
Ed. Note: Theaboveletter wasrent to Presi- shows up (whether or not they get anything
den, Fields and ,0 (he Asp. out of it), when there is little actual class par-
ticipation. And that which is called
‘important-class-participation‘ is nothing
more than student-hopping (“WelL that‘s im-
portant too. Jon. but it's not what I'm looking
attendance for . . .") until one student is found who

ﬁnishes the sentence as the teacher would.
The teacher who insists that his students

I O
dlSSldence show up is announcing his incompetence. and
f orewarning his students of what the semester
holds in store.
To “I. Editor; Steven Kaughnek

l have had it with professors who insist
upon ‘regular‘ attendance. with a tone that
clearly announces that marks will suffer
without it. Are these teachers too blinded by
their incompetence to realize that one only
needs to insist students show up when one‘s
‘Facmng abilily lens them "0‘ ‘0 was“? ‘heir Washington Avenue. The ASP will not
ttme'l publish unsigned letters. Names will lJt‘
. lsupposffeﬂ'Prompisanendanccdewands tt'illtlwlrl on request. Keep IlltM‘t' cart/x
"l mam" "Fiancest department Chﬂlrme“ and let/war mining in, htrt rt'tllt’lllht'r.’
frown upon instructors who have no students - 11,144“. ,-_.. my mu] “f “7-,.-
showing up for their classes. Last semester l ' '
had one ‘teacher‘ who. for three weeks at the

The Albany Student Press reserves [/10
.l'tllt‘ right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Strlmtit letters 'I'YPlz'WRI'I‘l'lz’N
to Albany Student Press. C029. I400

 

castles burning

,,.Write Qn 

‘15 ’  "I 1“ "-"V‘TRSFM

. v... "'lh
..

_/.- .-‘n(.~r:.<7 

 

 

 

L, Ken Wax 

The latest craze in gifts. they tell me. is to give that special someone a pet rock. Some guy out
on the West Coast is making a fortune putting polished rocks in cute little cardboard boxes with
a funny booklet which explains about your new pet (such as fecding:Don't worry about it;
Tricks: Lie down, Stay. Play Dead, Fall. etc.) These things are sellinglike crazy in the ﬁnest of
stores, and quite a lot of people are getting a kick out ofthem(including my housemate who had
the exact same idea tltree years ago and did nothing with it. and is kicking himself). llut for all
these people who think they are ﬁndingthejoys of pet ownership through an inanimatelump of
igneous material, | feel nothing but pity.

The true exhilarations and exasperations ofo relationship between a person and tltcir pct lies.
rather. between human and living. feeling. thinking. acting entity. 1 speak. of course. of the
special love between a person and their pet pen . . .

'I'r’nderlt‘. he retnt'rtist'es . . .

I can still remember how my pet pen looked when I first got her. (I use the female gender as I
am referring to a mechanical pencilwand a beautiful. lustcrous one at that! Since the word
‘pcncil‘ conjures up an image of a cheap yellow splint of wood. we use pen, and refer to it in the
female. liut you knew that.

Her brotlter was also given to tnc at the same time. a ﬁne. strong, broad pointed fellow. llul,
alas. he was lost one fateful day in the Campus Center it few months ago, but please. I‘d
rather not talk about it . . . sniff. sniff. . .)

Ile regains his composure . . .

Ahem! Well. I looked down at her. lying there so jewel-like and frail beneath her protective
elastic loop. and then turned my head and thoughts towards the horizon. towards the fixture. I
realized then that cvcrythingthis pet of mine would ever be was in mycontrol. ltook a pledgcto
make my pen all it was capable of being!

I planned Feeling's education well. (I called her Feeling so I could tell people that I write with
Feeling.) I sat in on a myriad of courses here at school. taking notes witlt Feeling in each. to
develop her knowledge ofthis complex world, so difficult for alone writinginstrntnent to learn.
Some friends questioned ifl wasn't wasting a lot of time on a mechanical pencil.

The fools. my pen now has a higher l.Q. than they do! My pen can write in ﬁve different
languages. my pen can do computer ﬁowcharting. my pen can do income taxes. Look who's
laughing now. hahahahi

And it's not like I‘m limited to write in only one color with Feeling. lfl want my pen to write.
say. red. then by golly. 'red' will be written. You say you want blue? 'illue.‘ Green? 'Grecn.‘ And
'Orange.‘ ‘Lavender‘ or ‘l’laid.' My pet is a versatile. wonderful companion.

But in all fairness. lshonld also note some ofthe drawbacks of pen ownership. Not all pens are
perfect. in fact few are.

On several occasions, when l was taking an exam with my cherished. she decided to play with
me. mischievoust changing my correct answer and instead writing a wrong one. What an elf-like
pixie, you‘re probably thinking. but it caused me real trouble . . . Believe it or not. teachers were
unsympathetic to my explanation when I told it to them after getting my test back. Can you
imagine? They didn't understand.

Only once was i unfaithful to Feeling. l was hustled by this foxy electric typewriter. l tell you.
she looked slick. moved fast. and had a special touch control. l was dazzled for a while. but it
soon wore off and we parted ways. She was so meticulous. every goddam letter had to be perfect.
But the decidingthing was then I realized her style was Elite. you know the type. So I left that
Elitist mid article and ﬁnished up with Feeling.

And it felt good to be back with my pen pal.

JANUARY 27, 1976

 

 

 

 

  j

 
 

 
    
 
 

    Y VPEN enatemeettng   l    I.  g  
. -.-- l’ saver us ‘ * =  
 FROM some over its star“

 

Russian Farmers

Harvesting A Food Riot?

Another Rttssiun Crop disaster, the second
in three years. is threatening to unbalance the
Soviet power structure.

Now as itt I973. the year of the great grain
robbery. the Soviet governtncttt frantically is
looking for alternative suppliers. The Ford
Administration, like the Nixon Administra-
tion. is searching frantically for menus to boil
the Soviet rulers out of their predicament.

Again. the official explanation is poor
weather. But clandestine reports front behind
the iron Curtain suggest another reason llll'
their recurring crop disasters. Those reports
reveal that the Soviet crop failures are man-
madc and the result of the cotnbittcd efforts of
millions of “collective farm workers“. , . tltc
wretched peons who want to get out from titt—
der the Soviet yoke.

They want to upend the Soviet hierarchy by
creating food riots among factory workers.
Tltcir major concern is that the United St ates
and other Western allies will bail out the
Soviets again.

lleforc the Bolshevik takeover and the ad—
vent oftlte Soviet regime. Russia was a leading
exporter of foodstuffs, comparable with the
United States and well ahead of Canada.
Argentina and Australia. Bushels-pcr-acrc
ﬁgures for Russian farms then were marginal-
ly below those for American farms. . . an
average of IS bushels of wheat per acre cont-
Pared with 15 to 20 bushels here.

Relatively fewchcmieal fertilizers were used

' by Robert M. Barlell-‘i

at that time in Russia. loduy chemical fer-
lili/crs are used extensively there as well as
here. Canada. and in other major wheat-
producing countries. lint wltilc tltc yield-per-
ucrc has doubled in this country. it has remain-
cd nearly slntic lll Russia. Production \nrics
between I] to 21 bushels of wheat per acre.
compnt L‘Ll with more than 32 bushels per mile
in the US

[he Inc! Is. bod weather has had little to do
with turutng Russia froth a major wheat cx-
porter under the (‘zars ittlo the biggest whcnt
importer under the Soviets. Climate
variations have always existed in Russia. but a
poor crop in one location was always balanced
by good crops in other areas. . . until the
Soviet regime was established.

o

The liolshevik Revolution proclaimed the
toilch alone had the right to own land. nttd
split the great cstntcs nutongthc villagers. But
then lltc hapless farmers, taken in by com-
munist slogans. found out tothcir sorrow that
while they "owned" the land. they did not own
tltc crops.

Lenin. Trotsky and Stalin ltad forgotten to
ntqnion that the farmers had beenturned into
indentured servants for the beneﬁt ofthe com-
munist elite.

Now the Russian farmer is using the only
means at his disposal to rid himself of corn-
munist oppression. . . sabotaging the food
production on the Soviet plantation.

 

 

lBureaucratic Barber BOUncing

Late last semester the Board of Directors‘of what used to be called Faculty-Student
Association (FSA) voted to remove the Campus Center barbershop so it could be
replaced by a Student Association-sponsored food co-op. FSA, now cailed‘UAS
(University Auxiliary Services), came under student control last semester, which ex-
plains how the barbershop was moved. Student Association had beentryingto remove
the shop for two years. '

One argument often used by UAS General Manager Norbert Zahm and Vice Presi- I

dent for Management and Planning John Henley (when Hartley was UAS-President)
was that there was no place to put the barbershop if it were removed.

Yet late in this semester, when new student UAS President Stu Klein made it clear to
Zahm the shop had to be out by this semester. Hartleypromptiyfound a spot underthe
Social Science building. .

Hartley was able to do this before intersession even began, though all other space
assignments at SUN YA have taken months or years of committee work, reports and
bureaucratic delays.

Student organizations have the most problems with space. partly because of their
unfamiliarity of and impatience with SUNYA bureaucracy. Yet there are pressing
needs for more student-oriented space on this campus. An FM WSUA will need a
better site. for example. and proposals for head shops, record co-ops. liquor stores and
other operations have been around for a long time. '

The barbershop move provides an unexpected solution to these problems. Henley
obviously thinks the barbershop is important, so the next step is to convince the UAS
board to uproot the barbershop to make space for something the students deem‘ more
important. When Hartley pulls another room out of the bowels of the podium for the
displaced barbershop. students should kick it out again to replace it with some other
more useful service.

From then on it‘s simple. Students ﬁnd a need for something, UAS transfers the
barbershop space to it, Hartley ﬁnds a new spot and so on. Student groups will stake
out spots all around the podium, trying to convince Hartley to put the barbershop in
“their” spot. Eventually Hartley will be displacing academic offices and classrooms. all
to the beneﬁt of student groups. As the harbors march from place to place, students will
march behind them, taking increasing amounts of space until they occupy the entire
podium.

In this way students will finally agree that a barbershop on campus provides a real
scrv1cc.

Worth the Risk?

How important is an English Ph.D. program to this university? There has been a
great deal of disagreement about this since President Fields began his attempt to
resurrect the English doctoral program. terminated last month by State Education
Commissioner Ewald'B. Nyquis‘t’. “ ‘ *7“

Fiel ‘ believes the English Ph.D. is important’. Prestige. English's centrality in a
university and quality are surely factors in that belief. But these reasons for Fields'
effort are by themselves unsatisfying.

This issue is further blurred by a confusion between quality and the Ph. D. program.
Fields told an ASP reporter that “whether or not it [the English department] has a
degree. it ought to have a faculty capability to give the degree." Yet Fields must
recognize that quality education and quality faculty are not synonymous, and that
there is a high price paid in undergraduate learning for obtaining a scholarly faculty
without havingthc Ph. D.

Fields“ cntirc plan could easily do more harm than good. We don‘t think it‘s worth
the risk.

 

é . 

EDI T0 RM L [10A RD
DANIEL Games

ELLEN WEISS

 

Entrou IN ('lllEl‘.....

Assts'rxnt to no: comm
MANMilNG rum-n Sl‘lil'llliN DllNANKA

NLWS unto-I BETTY STEIN
ASSttCI/t‘l'l. Ntws rotrotts  [Mun WlNZl-ZlJlEliG. ANDRLA llrzazttauo. CYNTHIA HAt‘INtJ
l'uoour'rton mm”! l’A‘l'lllt‘K MCGI.YNN
Assoctxrr tumour-tion MANAGERS ..... .. LOUIS]: MARKS. CAROL ML‘l’lllillSttN. ELLIEN FINE
KIEN Wxx

‘maNt‘taa ltxooto. Nxosn FRlElllJtNDlilt
NATHAN SALAN'l'
MlKlS l’iliKAltSKl
trons ALllliliCll'l. l.th locum.th
KEN Conn

DANm O‘Connott

 

 

 

 

 

 

lim‘t'otttxt. mots tzntroa ....... ..
AHIS tit lit/«times rntroas .................... ..
Sl’ttk'ls [Dl‘l'tlll

Assor'txrr SPORTS sotron
onutrtstm; "WNW-m
CLASSIFIED-GRAPH“ MANAGER
Busmsss MANAI'I‘I

.I‘

 

 

 

STA FF MEMBERS
A.l’ and Zodiac News tttnnngers: Mathew Kaufman. Kim Sutton
Preview: Joyce Feigenbaum
Graphics; Alan Focrdcr. Francis Smith. Joseph Zubrovich
[ii/lint: Accountant: Susan Domres
I'llA‘H'll/I.’ Patty Ahcrn. Judi lleittter, Marjorie Hogarth. Marc Leve
’I‘t't-hnt’t'ttl t'dt'lur.‘ Sarah lilumcnstoek
('otttpm't'tt'olt tmtmrgt'r: Ellen Boisen
"l’tltl Iypist: Leslie Eisenstein I. I ‘
‘vapt'rtg: Janet Adler. Carol llurgcr, Joan Ellsworth. Vicki Kurtzmun. lama Levy. Michele
Michele Lipton. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverblatt
'l‘t't'ltnirol staff: Rich Mermelstein. Ellen Weiss

Administrative assistant: Jerelyn Kaye ‘ ‘ . ' ' ‘ h
Advertising production: Lisa Biundo. Jeff Aronowttz. Kelly Ktta. Bruin Cahtll. Hetdt But

Photography.- supplied principally by University Photo Servicc and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesdtr y and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy is the respotuthi/lt y of the Editor in Chle/ and subject to revtew by the
Editorial Hoard. Main ofﬁce: CC 329; telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Assoc/ulna.
Address mail to: Albany Student Pteu. C6329. I400 Warhlrrgtonﬂnenue. Albany. New York.

 

 

 

V_ motorwam ., .

     

3
s
t
z
r
f
t
r‘
if
_.
i
2
.t
2-
i».
C
t'
.l
t

‘i
35

 

  

