    
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

  

i
l
i

 

\

PAGE 4A

Would someone please help me’.’ l‘m a student at The
State University of New York at Albany and i am
presently on a Guadamalian freightor headed for
Singapore.

It all started the ﬁrst week ofschool when I wanted to
change my schedule around a bit. Well. to betruthful. i
wanted to change it around completely.

I went to my advisor. who wasn‘t in. but who posted a
note on her door (in reality it wasn't her door, because
she had her office changed). Anyway. it didn't tell me
that she had her ofﬁce changed; all it said was that she
wouldn't be in that day and to go to the head of the
Biology Department ( I'm a bio major) and he would tell
me what to do. He gave mean add-dropeard anda little
advice and I was on my way.

It's very distressing, after using the computer. the
head of the Physics Dept.. and the man who ﬁlls the
vending machines to find out that you can't get into any
of the 46 pages of classes in the Schedule of Classes
booklet because of some conﬂict. or it's already closed
out. or you don't need it to graduate.

l went back to see the head ofthe dcpt.. but. instead.
found my advisor (the one who wasn't in). We went up
to her office. notthe ofﬁcetliat had hername on it or her
note on it. but the ofﬁce that was supposedto beanother
one of my professors, bill was hers. She helped me»—
that is, get more confused. Right when I thought there
was no possible help. she conﬁrmed it and sent metoscc
someone else. I seiirclted for his room and found it.-in
the English Dept. He was a little perplexed and he said
that he had a hunchthat he knew someone who might be
able to get the job done.

I finally found my connection. and to tell the truth.
thejanitor for the Campus Center was very helpful. in
telling me of someone else who could help me. i next
found myself washing dishes in the Colonial Quad
kitchen next to the Chief silverware dryer who was to
tell me where to go next.

Now. I really do think the head foreman at Building
52in the General Electrics Complex was a little offthe
track, but. nevertheless, l pushed on. i honestlythought
l was getting someplace. like a private room in the loony
ward at Bellvuc. He sent me to a school in Nome. Alaska
where i might get a few answers. l arrived as night was
falling and had to wait six months before i got to see
anyone. seeing as the nightsare six months longtherc. It
was there that l was told to go to ’I'OMSFASOM,'l‘he
Outer Mongolian Sausage Factory and School of
Medicine where the High Priestess would finally be able
to set the problem straight.

Well. you can probably guess. it was a dead end. And
that's how ligol to where l am now. i think l'mjitst
gonna work on this freightor for the rest of my life. l
mean, at least i got a job. il'you can call shoveling coal
into a 120° oven on your way to Singapore ti job.

WAIT A MINUTE! Someone just told me the
Chinese cook knows someone in Tibet who has a cousin
in Rome who might be able to...

~l)avid Sa/o

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
 

-Donafd Sakaguchl

 

. . . The best part of the trip was the people we met hitching. Oulsidc oi
Newark wc‘re picked tip by a young woman. Janis Joplin-like in flashy dim.
chubby body and pudgy. cute face. Of course she‘s Iaincntiiigaboui her "one
good man". With her manshe‘s fed tip; he‘s cotnc in this inorningat live that)
for the last ol too many times. She says this is it. she‘s had it, they'll split up
that‘s delinitc. but what the hell kind ol'sitnation is this for a woinanalrentlt
divorcctl once before: "Once you're used toslecping with someone. it‘s land
to go it alone." We sit attentive. digging our trade-off ol'ears for a ride. Jam.
says she‘ll probany go home to mama. like she did the time when \ilt'
overheard some chick telling her intin‘to come on over since my I'lttiltltniile'\
fixed up lorthc night.‘ She fears her parents will hit her with an 'l told you n.
for her man is black. and white parcntsin the racial paradise of Ncnark. \. ~-
.ler'-yjnst low to have their white daughters living in common hm mil;
black men. She can liaadlc the color thing. Janis says: siire his il’lL‘llti\ in:
dillcrcnt and it look timctoadjiisl to his scene. btll that‘s OK. lhc pl'ohlcin l~
he wants his independence. hc (/mu‘ll'l Will]! m by rim/(Intro. and the llllllt't
evcn Ill llll eiti ol liRA. the .lanis‘s still prefer being chained to then lllt'll mi.-
lmving nitclitcs illuminating their lonely rooms. Janis thinks hack to hm
fornicr husband. a college pi‘olcssoi‘. tin iiilcllccl ital: 'lic played thus» all i ilt
tiine‘ one day he quit teaching. started lying around the house. i‘lllllii‘.
Janis. tired ol siipportinghim.said get work or leave. He lclt. The new man i~
dillcrcnt. he‘s industrious. always on the make. too much so ol course. Slit-
slitikcs her It 'tid and sighs with the siin which says there is no way oiil Slit
goes for sctci'al minutes. talking fondly and \vispily of him. We say \ilt‘
sounds like she’s gonna give hi to a not her chii nee. 'l've rtni out.‘ she say s. Janis
pulls the car over. lets us out and takes ol'l. It‘s appropriately dismal and

rainy We walk away.
-l;}/ .iliitt'r

inﬁrm

-Davld Cullen

 

 

 

(I'll be marching on Valkyrie

For the battle in the Middle East-

You'll catch it on ’l'.V. laughing

lltii it‘s safer where the wind blows peace.)

l‘nnny how things just sort of happen.

I mean not that anyone cares.

lint that sonicon ' actually dares

To go so far as to accept what's understood
And secs everything in light of what should
Happen to place.

I‘ve run this race. I thought I could break the pace.
(Crushed like a mortal cinder in the hand of fate
llc rises to speak. bitt his speech is little.)

Well. there give me the seven minutes cut rate
-lle'll moan.

I know; I've always known

Wlto should love you. what should

Happen to me. But what now digging doivn
i thought to be. i could only see

The long way ‘round tomorrow.

(Yes... i say l)ick...l‘|l see .lane
Picking at straws like lliblc guffaws...)

Still. what's this action l smell this pot
And popcorn popping that an ancient got
ln a dime store-

l’orno flicks behind the house.

Rubbers at the door.

And a somber Strauss

For fucking and carousiiig-

It‘s quite clitc

'I‘o riddle the landlady

While she's sucking l’cte.

All it goes mid it throes
And it whispers on toes

llut tomorrow you‘ll think
It was a bargain on clot lies.

And maybe all things better left unsaid

Was a way once of labelling the dead.

but you don't forget the part that has fun-

Tlie other giiy thinks your heart is a pitiiip lump sum.

30 why not turn it around and arottnd zisilin-
Catch all thc trite phrases

Ola time and theti

llurii ‘em in the bright hares

Ola yesterday when

You Would have been the way I thought 015")”
And i might httve seen a dream come true.

(l‘ll he marching on Valkyrie
For the btittle in the Middle East-
You‘ll catch it on T. V. laughing
but it‘s safer where the wind blows pcnccv)
~Iz’ugem' I’ilZ“

 

JANUARY ’23, 1976

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
  
   

 
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
     

“For the blood is the life"
Count Dracula. I
wait for you. windows open
to the waning moon.

praying curses. spitting on Madonnas
and reading Revelations in reverse.

l envy the pale devotees

who flutter at your feet

and bare their fangs

at smothered babies

squirming in a burlap bag.

I have imagined meeting you

at night in a secluded room.

sitting nonclialantly

in a velvet easy chair

with an empty verre a vin

mid a prolocigarel‘ltr.

you politely rise to greet me.

and apologizing for thc lateness ol‘thc hour;
you toss another log upon the dying ﬁre
and chat of chimeras.

Attila's rolling eyes.

liasilides' epistlcs

and the secret sign

of John Buttadeus.

Dracula. you cunning gentleman.

your melancholy We/tscltnier:

infects me with desire.

your wonderful niaI-oet-lii'o

petriﬁcs my ﬂesh

to mate paralysis:

Dracula. kiss me the terrifying kiss

that you bestow on both

the bridegroom and the bride.

TCLIClI me the hate in love

that breeds deﬁance of the gods.
Endow me with the separation in embrace
that satiatcs eternal youth.

Count Dracula. deliver me,

Come feed me and be fed.

 

-Clalre Lt'smnce

- Tom Miner

Misty morning. Dew drops on grass.
[Everything damp.
Walk on; hunt on: stalk the prey before dawn.
Sun starts to rise. Broken twigs beneath.
Limited time. Moving on: faster. pursuing.
Sight deer; remain motionless; still.
Very slowly. cocked weapon raised.
/\ pull. a crackle. tin instant death.

-th'fl Lil/(is

lﬂnctrg

'l'he clotted tcxttire of fleece.
the warmth of suntossed waves.
the curves of tlic conchhollow:
your skin weaves
1:in over strict bone
beside me.
You moan and turn
at my touch.
in the throes of some dark dream
hurtling over raindrciiched moors.
over the graves of mtidmen
and magicians who drcatut
ot touchhig you ttlive
between cool sheets.
-'I‘oni Miner

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 5A

J

   
  

 

 
 
    
   
  
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

