  

peaked in I855 whén the

American Party got 3,000 votes in
Albert . I

Ami-Catholic feelings peaked at
thesame time. A crowd of Germans.
who made up l2 percent of the pop-
ulation. burned an efﬁgy of Mon-
signor Bedini at a rally in Capitol
Park. The visiting monsignor.
meanwhile. was being entertained at
Governor Horatio Seymour's Elk
opening of the canal in I825. the
Irish workers were not to be ignored.
Dignitaries. bankers. investors. and
politicians had gathered. and so did
members of the labor movement in
white coats. Ralph McClinton
shouted a toast —“To the cartmen of
Albany: may they never back out
when theycandrive in"—and got the

 

St. residence;

 

 

 

, Afraeasslsooocurredatthe‘Alms
House when it undiscovered

7- someone had given Prmestant Sun-

.‘Vii v “malice. James‘MaherforA

"sheriff mans. Green tun:

p any. which fought in
the‘Wat: of rm, and owner of a
wholaale meat business. Mailer “in
a miniature Al Smith campaign“ lost
the election “but was a champion.”
He also wedded the Irish vote to the
Democratic party. a marriage still
viable today.

Irish immigrants streaming into
Albany between l830 and 1855 saw
obstacles early Irish settlers didn‘t
have toefaee.

After being met at the dock and
exploited by hustling runners who
sold them overpriced or phony
tickets to the West and overpriced
boarding house reservations. im-
migrant families would find
themselves crowded into small
tenements with as many as 23
families in the South End. Limerick.
or Albany's slum along Canal St. in
Sheridan Hollow.

 

day'school books to the Catholic

‘ children.

~ Not all the Irish immigrants were
poor and unskilled. John Taeffe. a
clerk in Dublin. took a wife in New
York City and stopped in Albany on
his way west by the canal to St.
Louis. He went to mass at St. Mary's
and was so impressed with the
Albany of the I830‘s that he stayed
here and became a hat manufac-
turer. a

Another Irishman. John Tracy.
came to Albany with a price on his
head when the Patriot's Revolution
of I837 failed in Canada. He settled
here. becoming a distiller of liquids
and the sixth wealthiest man in
Albany. owningthe Schuyler Man-
sion.

Though the poor Irish had to
struggle. they had certain advan-
tages over other minority groups;
they spoke English and weren’t ghet-
toized in one section ofthe city. They
weren‘t isolated. The Irish communi-
ty established Welcoming com-

  

  

familiariz‘e newcomers with the
political. economi. and social situa-
tion. ' ' *

The immigrants weren't a docile
bunch. They had dances. jigs. prize
ﬁghts, cock ﬁghts. brawls. . .and
an Irish nationalistic spirit.

Rowley told of an Albany visit by
British royalty:

“In I860 the Prince of Wales was
met at the riverfront and brought up
Broadwayto the Capitol. Most Irish
stayed home. James Cassidy.
however. placed his truck at the in-
ter'section of State and Broadway.
When he insisted it remain there. he
was arrested. The Irish police of
course later let him go."

Albany Irish fought in the Civil
War—General Phillip Sheridan‘s
equestrian statue in front of the
Capitol attests to that. After
demobilization it sought to irritate
the British again.

Two Civil War ofﬁcers. Brigadeer
General James Heffernan and
Colonel Terence Quinn. led a com-
pany of ISO mcntoinvade Canadain
the Fenian movement in l866. The
American Fenians. wanting to help

 

mittees, after the potato famtnaito ~ the Irish Republican rm helm

from Btitlsh rule. sought to re uscthe
Canadian‘lrish to the cause and to
establish military bases there.

Heffernan and Quinn. however.
were arrested by the US Army at
the border and jailed. but made it
back to Albany in time to lead their
companies in the Fourth of July
parade.

I The Irish had become a political
power in Albany. This power was
proven when Albany elected its first
Irish mayor. Michael Nolan. in
l878—eight years before Boston,
and two years before New York.

Rowley said. “The diarchy---whcn
two hierarchies share power
equally—was established between
the Yankee-Dutch and the Irish
when Nolan won. They could con-
quer or deal with each other. and
chose to deal."

Nolan was president of the
Beverwyk brewery. He sent out red.
white. and blue wagons packed with
Irish lager to every saloon in town
when he was elected.

The Irish came. saw. and con-
quered Albany. but they're still deal»
ing with the Yankees.

 

 

 

JACK POT AWARD

A New national marijuana
publication. The Daily Denver, has
named Jack Ford as the winner of
the ﬁrst “American Weed Seed
Award." I

The Publication. which is dis-
tributed monthly to thousands of
head shops and record stores across
the U.S.. says the honor is “Ac-
corded to the person who has done
the most. either on purpose or by ac-
cident. to bring legalization of mari-
juana to accomplishment."

The Daily Beaver explains that the
President's son was chosen for his
admission of using pot. “Thereby
contributing more than anyone else
in the past year to mariuana's accep-
tance in the mind of the American

 

done something about it.

The Fall River, Massachusetts.
Company is out with an automatic
rodent trap that grabs the unlucky
rat with a pair of steel spiked jaws.
The rat is then automatically elec-
trocuted. picked up and dumped
into a plastic bug where an arm at-
tached to the trap pushes the dead
rat to the rear to make room forthe
next victim.

A LITTLE FAITH

Former Western star Lash Laruc
has beaten rt marijuana rap by hav-
ing his conviction overturned by the
Georgia Supreme Court.

The 57-year-old Western actor
came up with an unusual explana-
tion for having u baggie of grass in
his hand when he was arrested on
drunk charges last May. At thctimc.
Lurue insisted that the pot wasn‘t
his; he stated that a repentunt young

and that the pot charges will.
therefore. be dismissed.

STEREOTYPING
When does sexism begin?
Well. accordingto The American

Journal of Orthoprychiarry. sex
stereotyping may bégin a few
minutes after a baby is born.

The Journal reports that
researchers interviewed 30 pairs of
ﬁrst-time parents. IS with newborn
sons and IS with newborn
daughters. Each parent was askcdto
describe their boy or girl babies.

._ \ r

   

      
   

engaged in more se I

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   

  
  
  
      

      
  

    

    

 

ng ha‘n
mothers. r j ‘

In a related study. The Journal
reports that I50 undergraduates at
Tufts University wereasked to look
at three slides of a week-old infant
named Sandy. Students stereotyped
the baby as “Iittler.” “weaker” or
“cuddlicr” when told Sandy was a
girl than when Sandy was identiﬁed
as a boy.

ELECTED-BRAIN

A New York Bioengineer reports
he is trying to develop a system that
would put the human brain in direct
contact through electrodes with a
computer.

Adam Reed of New York‘s
Rockefeller University says that
electrodes implanted in the brain
would mtlkea computer ofthc future
a direct extension of the human
mind.

In a report delivered to the

 

. . .3"! MW

abandoned the p

common in Europe I

methods of child bearing thit relied
heavily on love. i A ' '

 

    
  

violent deaths apparently experience
pleasant memory'ﬁashbacks and are
engulfed in feelings of profound
serenity. ' I . I
At least this is the ﬁnding ofa Un-,I

iversity of Iowa research team that
has interviewed “)4 women and men
who survived near-fatal situations.

 

 

 

 

  

 

DEADLY seneum i-‘i
People who die sudden and. 

 

 

     

, .
(     . , , \ W Jack Ford will be presented Withu hitchhiker httdjust given it to him to I I I
.‘ luncy belt and buckle emblazoned throw away after thrue had given The Journal reports that even American ASSOCIIIIIOH for the Ad-
. with u picture of a marijuana leaf. the hitcllhikcrsomc futhcrlytulkund though there was no differenceinthe vunccmcnt ofI Sclcncc. Reed argues
' O ll/ll/l/t‘v size or weight between the male and that the brain-computer hook-up
  l. BETTER RAT TRAP Lttruc was convicted lust summer. female infants. the daughters were would give the average person the . ’ I
 s e     a  Many peoplctalkabout buildingu but the whipcracking idol of Satur- described as “Softer. finer featured. ability to understand anything and lowa psychiatry professor Russtgll 
_ a“ better mousctrap. butthe American dtly matinee fans learned this week littlcr and lnore inattenttttivc“ than everythlng he orshc wouldever want Noyes reports that most victims m 
0 e   o  Dryer Corporation has actually that his arrest last year was unlawful the boys. Fathers. the: magazine says. to know. close.cu|l accidentsuwho were con- I 
r p  r 3 r  Reed “Cknuw'cdgesr howeVIc’v ,vinced they were about to die— .;
that there are some sinister lm— rcpol.t that time seemed to slow 
  &  plications in his idea: he admitsthat down and that they became bllsslul‘ 
' - G ll WOUld bc POSSlblc 10 “5‘3 com' serene observers of their own uc- . 
Efgoteegnrndg; 103:2"? Lm‘Iﬁtet'IIWhat you: Special function keys inclule square root, putch to dictate or control the cldcnts, ‘I
‘ j . " a power a . . sr uare, rcci m- u 'u g - ' - - . . h d l 411- f ‘rsons hooked u to I - ' ex- 1 ’
your fingertips more economically. Why TlcalcUIalors are IIIIIGll ‘ l  p fullmis? 1 {ilipld‘vcd "um W a   0 how, 5 0 pt p Many. i°~mLTi°m~d me 
How can TI 7‘ . '7 and 83 I II M to a Dowel (y )’ “use 8 m a power lhem- pcrtcnces asllkc standing offtothe r?»
.. . , t- , b i’we :0“ greater ‘ulue‘ The W 0 se' (c'l-logs and natural logs. o ' Reed predicts that a miniaturized side. observing." They recalled that '.
. nIsweIr tnah enfut I the keyboard. There. All TI calculators described here use Automatic constant. independent mom-    “’ml’uwnh‘“ mum be hooked "Pm haPP)’ Wen“inthl’liV‘isnasmdln' >9 I!
hrIIton dec I no ogtcal advances have algebraic entry. This allows you to my, full-flouting decimal. and scientiﬁc the humun brain and implanted un- tensely hclorcthcmtandlhatll was 
Itt llLI\It. gtcutol Iund greater power at. key.in a problem just as you wuuhl notation Replaceable batteries (AC adﬂp derlhc skull will.bc ﬂyuilﬂhlc Within like reliving the events again. 
own and lower costs. Istate it...in the same natural manner tel"optional)...$39.95"‘. Y o    the nu“ 5” m (’0 yum- Onc mil" Whu nearly dTOWWd 50 t.
In which you think. No system is II  C u REVOLTING LOVE yams “go mmncdwtoncclrculized 
easier to master.   l . . . I could not rescue thyself. an in- "
     A psychologist who has analyzed dcscribahlc feeling of calmness and i l
 . . . "  the American Revolution has Con- serenity came over me . . . l have _I j
 - - - slide-rule  ' eluded that the Colonists did not often wished desperately to ex- ‘. t
rea' quamy in  ca'culalorsI       revolt bccntlsc oi tea taxes and the pcrlcncc that again. 
low-costealeulators . ' ' ' .. i
with replaceable a versatile I Ihe SIt-50A solves 
batteries [TOWNHOUSE Wllll complex scientific col- Although only 5 are shown hereI procler & 
' memofy. eulutions us cusin us Gamble makes more than 50 well-known. 1I I
The “4200 gives You peIII I I I simple arithmetic. Algc- well-advertised consumer brands, I
vantages III the LOLIIIh of II This eight-ounce, 8. Draw entry system with For each brand. there isasmall l
k..\. M‘s. ,m “Hornth con than portable does sum-of-protluctscapability. management group, usuallylust3 people. ..
I‘I’I'IIYII I‘II‘II‘ I I I  I I, I' percentages hut... The Sit-50A pct-fol-msu” totally responsible for planning. creating 
'. . u” m“ “5”” um‘ . . maticullv. and has ' classical slirle-- lr - l- r ' - - r and supervismg everyming mm is done i
llllll‘i for et'formlnr re otltlve "It I - - ‘ ‘l 'u L “ILuldlm‘h—W‘nhv -
I - p t, p (a en u to” t._ km, men” _ , powers 1,. I , H I, .I . to Increase consumer acceptance ol l
trons. full flouting decimal. and {ti-digit . .t I ' “‘i " telmoc‘} 3“ i'wtm'msv C‘mmw” the” brand v 2
display. You can carry it to class or lab in hiv? Lm' “"Id “MUN”logarithms and their inverscs. ’ h d d b B nd Marla or an ‘ "  V
pot-km. purse or briefcase-“.9519 95‘ (3 C sewn“. keys' “’0' RCClPI'UCuIS, Squares [rm-0mmme (Sm- 005- Lu") and hyper- The group I5 ea 9 y a re I g . I
. I . _.. . .t II uIIIIII I II I I I v bum. mnh u _I II I . . . important level of management In our company. .
“(tamerommnum  too 3:, ant u reverse to invert f't'uc- . ' ’ Ob 1' ‘m 1) “mcm’ns and “1”” v ' ‘ ' ' ' '  ‘
lions and recall nexttwmﬂ CMWI Auk“ lnverses—ull in full-flouting (lecimul point nghl now' We re iookmg for a iew h'gh'y quaimed ‘t
"he 'l'l-l250 does everything the T1420“ mutic constant in all four basic functions 0" "Valentine 'mtim‘m‘ The Versatile “1”” Eoilegeh/ise:éioiisf;~llh [he pmentlal ‘0 ecome ~i
tlul-s~plus u full-function. four-key mem- and: “WW”? 0" l'llll-"Outinl: decimal. “mine memory “Hm” din" L” b” 5mm“ yrdn lid i] t it rCint‘lnnali headquarters as part 
.. - . . ,, . .. t ,- ‘, I CC ztl'rezlll ;  r . um retriov: ‘l . . . ouwou sar a ou . rt
‘ilhzl \“tll, :llso lytl u (.lldllg‘j'hllzll kc) ....lll i’ I” b “mus and A" Mimi’s“ $79.95*. “I m “Ide m mum” ym 0l a bland QfOUP lora Speciﬁc brand' perhaps one . . 
torslrwo .lAL adapter optional.) The SIMM perroIIIIIII H III  II I _ ol those shown here. To help you learn quickly.IyOUr It’s all here at CW. Post: a breathtakingly '~
. ' m . , . . ‘ " ‘ “""""| 51“!" Brand Manager would give you challenging assrgnmenls I.  beautiful 350.3cre campus I . I less than an ll
l 1”"- lum‘l-IOHS. Lhun ﬂ()c's on to at' t' 't’ ~-| ' ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ‘ 1A7 ' '
Tl'1  . . .  lunctmm g“ ,1 _ . ‘ ,' “ “‘ " “ of mcreastng responstblllty tn various key marketing 4/ hour from either midtown Manhattan or the 
[I ks ' I - . . I I .. . IL‘IIrlh moutt. Vlll'lttllt’t-. llllli areas such as TV advertising, package deSIQn. spectal Hamptons and minutes from beaches and l
3 area on ,grea multifunction httlnrlurd tlcvlutlon. r-l 5L -- l. .. ._ . . ~ d . .
- “ m 1“ "t 1’“ "WW promollons. budget planning and analySIS. an 0" courses our own modem reSIdence 0
performance. And scientific trons. slope and itltot-m- ,t 'l‘ .. t l- , s ... I .. I“ 1
it's recha cable I analysis. Aml the“. v . , 1', ' “w H” markei reseamh‘ halls, bank. post office, restaurants, theaters ,‘I
I“. '9 - ca culalor. generator its w .” I150“ luImlllm llllltlilt'l' The omphasls would be on you. your Ideas. your (stage and cinema)I indoor and outdoor III
if  I I II “IIIVLIIII.  ‘ Ill” -“ InUlll'ulrl'umml'd ability to contribute. You'll be promoted on the basls Sports facilitiesI aaés of woods and much  \
l1; A I'll-‘vl’lh bll'led lmF- lhrs portable \t'izul'tl H “m”? “"‘l "‘VIL‘VSU-‘l- “10 SR-MA of merit alone. It's nol uncommonto becomaalull more to make CW Post a total summer
tttlrll‘I With percent will nut, only whit, “I "I‘m ‘ll’cmml “'0‘”?le of from U to H Brand Manager within 3-4 years. experience ' '
I r(l'_\', lull-flouting dec- “ll-“ugh the“. with, Brat? “II'lIlulqu‘th‘co user-accessible munl- Slnce you Wm begin to manage lrom the day '
{4 mm" “9mm” W" “‘0‘” h“ “l 3“ ‘  "J" ' you Join US. we're lookan for "lake charm?" Peop'e A FULI. RANGE or unorscuoum, amounts, WEEK-
tz‘. “‘5'” I'” W“ “ll” through complex \ I . . . wlth outstanding records of leadership while In END coma; AND CONTINUING mucanon couasss
\ hum. tunctmnsI “mt IUCIIIIICIII IIIIIIIIILImIII lI IltsItlug Investment in the l-lllttl'o. u vlrl college, nSuperioracademlc achievement". ..PI.US SPECIAL INSTITUTES MID WORKSHOPS. ,I
II t”, I ..ttI,.-y.t,,.,..I.utl g_ SHIV” SIIIIIIIII.IIIIIOIII Lu ( u lltor- WI“ not only serve you Well its "Innovallve". "a record of belrIlg able to gellh'ngs SBUMMEK sesalousma and evening) ..
tr» .ltululmrluy. * ‘ ‘ ucts or (luotierlt.ol’. W“ W9l‘k qurd your degree-“Juli will done". and "good oral and Wllllen 60mm" MAY24—JUNE 25/JUN 28—JULV30 )-
¥ The 'l'l-lﬁllll slips neatly into pocket or v ' . - - . “my With you its you my. cations skills" are some ol the words we t Augus'rz_sepramesna 
t», I sums Without re-cntcrmg mtmnmlmc . , , . l o l a t it a w k (10 Ila aSsss/on b9 lnnln 
5:; purshI “humus 0n rechargeable hatterws results 0,. rewriting the problem “III sue your cul'uul‘. See them use to descrle the poop e We w n . I ,ltlunwuwl... Juﬁgzg ﬂag“) "a g g a v
ItI and A(I.III$29I95.I IIIIIIIIIIIIII OPGIIIIIIIOIII sc- wherever (luullty culeulu- ll lhls kind ol work interests you and you lhlnk IIIIIIIIIIIIIWW . . . III
2, 'T to” “"9 “01¢ you quallly. please send me your resume. " "onI Tu‘" A couIIql". I, ,
‘ a wav or LII-I. u...
. 5...
C dorI Call or write for the Summer Bulletin: t:
r ‘ I ‘ 1 Ms. Sandy Moors .I,
I Th. PfooiCT ‘ Gamble 00. Summer Session Ofﬁce _
t Marmot-mama E N  R U M   Advertlsln Personnel C ~~ t r ‘ i
.I frillth leuslnttmmsnlslneerpmtea I N C 0R PO P 0 BOX 5 9'— D. '- FM 0 O I
l L R AT E D - -
Clnclnnatl. Ohio 4 201 L0 ls D M R W 3
An Equal Opportunity Employer GREENVALE. L... MN. "5“ I t
(518) 299-2431 i
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
PAGE NINE

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

""“‘ “ ""‘ ~l'- ’ .I L u...t,., .  16' 
'~l.".l ..:. ... t

MARCH 16. 1976

 

 

