 

flaw->511 ‘. a: 2- 71’"

. .. meg-"ham. Ewe“... ...‘....u..___;.  .

v.»— ::.-:

-«.;.~ 7... :1 

f’rsxn‘t‘"n _ a.

<r;u-r—(1vq¢‘ _«,.A

 

 

EVERY
LP ALBUM

MFG. LIST

. {gur’lV- ,. ,4. "h.

, q”! I ,. -
mood sir I) 1.; ., . aritu'
- ;

All. omen mills
A'l' COMPARABLE

SAVINGS

 

EVERY rmous Attrisr -
ON SALE NOW AT FABULOUS SAVINGS!

Sde
Ends
Jan.31

Shop Sunday
At()ur
Rensselaer
Store For

 

I Ion a. an m
tame”. 3:". mus-"2am: wee-mam: mama-m These 5999.3“
IOU'I 0'- ICIIV VI.-.“ mural-tumu. “mm,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Bob Wong

Modern dance.like most contemporary art
forms. is searching for the frontier of its ex-
istence. One dance company that is on that
very frontier is the Viola Farber Dance Com-
pany. This company. which performed here at
the PAC Friday January 23, showed what one
group thinks dance is today.

The Viola Farber Dance Company(VFDC)
danced four pieces. Each event was
choreographed by Viola Farber.

The ﬁrst piece Spare Change (I973) is
typical of Viola Farber‘s concept of dancing.
“Dance”. says Farber. “is anythingit wants to
be . . . mainly about moving. not about tell-
ing stories."

The music. “North American Time Cap<
sule." by Alvin Lucier is an added dimension
to Farbcr‘s concept of dance: dance is dance
and music is music. The two have nothing in
common except custom. Their combination is
more reﬂexive than out of necessity.

Dissonant to a fault. the seemingly
metcrless electronic music did not parallel the
movements on stage. Both the music and the
dance seemed liketwo separate entities. freeto
express themselves without the other‘s syntax.

The second event was entitled House Guest
(I974). In this solo dance by Jeff Slayton.
Slayton appears in black pants and belt. naked
to the waist.

This dance alternately writhed and flowed.
While on the ﬂoor Slayton moved slowly and
with great pains~ on his feel he was grasping
for morcspace and fortheabilityto move free-
ly. This would lcad~ong tomelieve that the
dancer was fighting ii'g’airﬁf‘his enclosure. the
body. He was essentially a guest in his own
home. an cxpressor workingto relieve himself
of conﬁnement. Uncomfortably. yet. as a
guest of honor must, he remains in residence.

Lancelot Drowns In Lake

Expanding The Horizon:
Of The Art of Modern Dance

Perhaps inthis piece Farber is suggesting what
it feels like to be a dancer.

The third dance was Due! for Susan and
Willi (I974). This exhibited the talents of
Susan Matheke and Willi Feuer. in an un.-
conventional fashion that is pure Farber.

In classical ballet the male/female roles are
clearly deﬁned with the male playingthe sub-
servient parts. It is the danseur who lifts the
ballerina to her place in the central impor-
tance.

Most modern dances give the male a more
equal role than that found typically in ballet.
At all times the male/female roles are clearly
deﬁned and perhaps gloriﬁed as in the 5 by 2
dance company. It is in this piece onegets that
feeling that the roles are deﬁned clearly yet left
ungloriﬁed.

Here the music added a discrete yet separate
quality in the form of an occasional ringing of
a bell. Thesimplicity ofthis element helped br-
ing this dance down to a pure level that is
usually not found in most modern dance
duets.

The last dance Soup( I973) revealed itself to
be the most exciting of the dances performed
that evening. Lighting was by Beverly Em-
mons and the music. “String Quartet Describ-
ing the Motions of Large Real Bodies" was
written by Robert Ashley.

As the curtain went up. the wing curtains
were gone and all the lighting instruments
could be seen. The dancers in splotched brown
tights moved in pairs. threes. and at times in
unison with everyone on the stage. Soup was
characterized by its comings and goings on
and off the performﬁt't“.eﬁea.‘I

In a realized attempt to eiipand the boun-
daries of the very stage itself, Viola Farber has
also realized an attempt to expand the very
horizons of modern dance.

   
 

 
 
 

 
    
   
   
    
   
   
     
     
   
   
      
   
  
 
 
 

  

"eoiomon

Juuua Hogyl. conductor of the Albany
Symphony Orchestra.

Stirring
Strings

by Steven Eisenmann

Lovers of serious music had much to be
thankful for this weekend. The musical fare
ran the gamut from the playfulness of Ives to
the spiritual other—worldliness of Bela Bartok.

On Saturday night the Albany Symphony
Orchestra presented a program entitled
“Pops American." This concert of music by
American composers stressed the lighter side.
with an abundance of program type music.
Though there was no performance of “Turkey
in the Straw", neither was there much meat
here. The Works that were performed. the
labor of nine American composers. was
highlighted by several popular favorites,
George Gershwins‘ "Porgy and Bess“.
mnard Bernstein‘s “Fancy Free Ballet

'sic“. Charles Ives‘ “Variations on
America" and Ferde Grofe's “On the Trail"
from his “Grand Canyon Suite". Also featured

  

listener of a specific image or emotion. .
music an illustration. Iti expressive qualities‘
(that a, in ability to'hint n spiritual n-'
derrtanding) arelintited. It is musieto please
the ear. not stir the heart. ‘  .r
The performance was a 'good one. The
orchestra seems to have gained some con-

  

   

ﬁdence. The stops were crisp and the shiny '

seemed to balance well with the winds. The"
wind section was quite strong, with ﬁne per-
formances by Irwin Gilman on ﬂute and
Ranall Ellis on oboe. The ﬁnal work. Aaron
Copland's “Jazz Concerto" featured Findlay
Cockrell on piano. Cockrell known and loved
by many at S U NYA, played withtechnical vir-
tuosity, though his purcussiveness was a bit
disturbing. -

This weekend also saw the Tokyo String
Quartet in the third concert of the University
celebrity series at Page Hall. They began with
Mozart‘s Quartet in C major K465. One of
Mozarts later works. it harkens to the
qualities of Beethoven. It is music ofsupreme
charm.yet it hints at something greater. There
are moments of melancholy expressive of
anguish. There is not yet the romantic
“triumph amid suffering" so well understood
by the genius of Beethoven. though there are
suggestions.

The next Work performed is perhaps one of
the greatest in string quartet literature. Its use
of multiple tonalilies. its dissonances and its
moments of lyricism are a great achievement.
It is music of a highly different order than
"pops". This music is expressive of universal
emotions.

It is music that induces in its listeners a“felt
wisdom." Like great poetry, music can be
“friend to sooth the cares and lift the thought
of man." When it is performed wilhithe vir-
tuosity that the Tokyo String Quartet bringté‘.
music, it is a delight. The Quartet‘s balance
was exquisite. Thé‘ﬂifﬁcult shifts in dynamic‘
and the many stops and startswere performei
brilliahtly. 1’

Their performance was the musical
highlight of the weekend. In their inspier
readings of works by Mozart. Bartok and
Debusscy the Tokyo String Quartet displayed
greatness.

   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by (LS. Santino

(iinldcrland‘s Star l’la/a Twin
lhcatcr. l1tl\“ metamorphosizcd into
the Movies I {it 2. has altered its
stripes as well as its name. The
Movies” policy \till he to present “art
films" and to draw a younger
clientele who the Movies‘ manage-
ment hopes to (iod is fed up with
sharks and Icppelins and Redfords.
Antl there's talk of a reduced admis-
sion price for students. Best ol'luek
and all that. but it‘s tny guess that it
won't take long for the Movies to
plunge into the red. the way of many
an art mart.

The current fare at the Movies.
Robert Iiresson‘s “Lancelot of the
Lake.“ is a bad choice to build anew
image on. The film. released
nationally some montlts ago. is
Bresson's esoteric. unadorned, and
very moody pasting tip ofthe legends
of King Anhur.

Hresson‘s premise is novel and
screwy after all. he asks. weren't
Lancelot and his pals really great
philosophers misplaced ill a
backward age of castles and feudal
commendation? Couldn't it be
something like our search for mean-
ing in the sixties? Isn't their disap-
pointment ours‘.’ And ours theirs? Is
the Pope Catholic? I‘m not entirely
sure the Arturittn legends aren‘t
suited for setting up such a
tttctaphor. bttt till liresson has really
managed to accomplish is crawl otit
on a limb. and. sword in hand. back
it off behind him.

JANUARY 27, 1976

 

 

liresson's opening shots reveal the
aftermath of sortie gory. unidentified
feudal skirmish. A decapitated
knight crashed to the ground, a
geyser of blood spewing from his
neck. Another warrior has received a
piercing blow to the stomach; blood
runs form the rent armor. A pile of
bodies has been heaped togetherand
pill to the torch. This is just about
the last we‘ll get to see of any armed
combat in the ﬁlm ~ from here on in
Iiresson replaced the din of battle
with the neighing of horses and the
cackle of birds. symbols that remain
enigmatic. obtrusive and downright
annoying because they are
deliberately used to establish a
theme that liresson doesn't feel like
sharing with us. Is there a pattern
here? Possibly. lircsson has stripped
the legends of their pomp, their
macltismo. and most regretably.
their charm. Can you imagine In-
gmar Bergman filming “The Iliad?“

What one can untangle of the plot
is that Arthur's men. after losing a
third of their ranks in the quest for
the Holy Grail. have returned not
only empty-handed but bereft of
purpose. Suffering from post-war
ennui (is this 845'! l945‘l). the men
are reduced to contemplating their
collective navel. Not that they mind
all that much. A sccncthttt fairly well
sums up the tenor of the film ﬁnds
Gawain and company staring
thoughtfully at the full moon. which
is partially obscured byclouds and at
the cobalt-blue ﬁlter that apparently

got stuck oit Iircsson‘s camera for
the entire shooting. (iawain. asked
what he‘s up to. replies. “We‘re in
disagreement over the moon. He

ways it is being strangled by the '

clouds. I prefer to think it is drow-
ning." The Knights of The Round
Table Meet Albert Cantus and the
Myth of Sysyphus. “(live as a goal."
Gawain later implores King Arthur.
Did he say (iodot'!

Lancelot isthe onlycharacter with
any insight. (iuinevere (Laura Con-
dominas). his lady love. is his con-
solation prize after not coming up
with a Grail. There is also a villain.

Mordred. who spends mttch time .

plotting against Lancelot. Mordred
is probablyjettlous of Laneelot's piz-
utzz and charisma. but one can't say
for sure. In fact, one best not venture
much more, as far as characteriza-
tion, that Gawain is a braggart and a
bully. Lancelot is rebellious and
realistic. Arthur is dignified and
responsible. Mordred is the heavy
(hint: black beard). Guinevere is a
girl. In the great tradition of the
cincmtt of post-war Italy and es-
pecially France. motives are hazy or
non-existent. dialogue is delivered
ﬂatly. and all action is implied.
llrcsson asks us to'kecp out distance
and subsequently. never convinces
me that Arthur and his men were
anything more that a band of rowdy
roustabouts afflicted with
hypertense religious fanaticism.
“Mony Python and the Holy Grail"
makes more sense.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Luc StmonJott. and Laura Condomlnu In Brouon'e "Lancelot at The
Lake": It motto. “Monty Python and the Holy Grail" Iookllko an epic.

Bresson‘s Arthurian vision of
love, piety, courage. and resolution
in the face of meaninglessness. not
very engaging iit its concept. is
weakened even further by his odd
eamerawork. I believe about halfthc
shots in the ﬁlm concentrate on
characters feet and legs. A feeling of
constriction results at first. then
curiousity, and ﬁnally resigned
mystification. See it ifyou didn't like
“Scenes From a Marriage" because
it had no story.

And speaking of art ﬁlms (we
were. weren't we'l). I'd like to
applaud all my buddies at l. F.G. for
their impressive line-up for this
semester. l apologize for those nasty

all of their films highly, especially
“Blow Up" and "The Clowns". and if
you haven't seen “Dr. Strangelove“
yet. you'vejust run out of excuses.
Shame on anyone who missed
“Throne of Blood" last week. It was.
admittedly. no "Godzilla." but
where can you get a good catharsis
for ﬁfty cents nowadays?

 

 

NEED A FRIEND?
CALL MIDDLE EARTH

24 nouns A DAV!

 

things I wrotclast Fall. 1 r ’

 

 

 

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

’\ »‘.;e

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

