 
 
   
 
 
  
   
  

 
 
    

  
   

 

  

._/-«».,-—__ ~__~A ~..W¢.-.;~A.'.W‘A_.:WMM

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 

 

NA»- —.«~h.ww.MW\—._MHWA _.

in his eyes [We all knew one thing: we couldn't let Doe down. And we didn't.
when good old Rich hit that foul line shot at the boner.”

,“I never met aguy with more enthusiasm than Doe.” Price continued, “and
I just don't know how he keeps winning with what he has."

Ever hear of the Three Stooges? No. not the ones who dominated
afternoon television for many years. but the Albany State version in I966:

- Tom Doody. Marty O‘Donnell. and Tim .Iursak. r

“A lot of people thought we were a bunch of real clowns. and that we were '
just out on Doc‘s'beneh because we had no place else to go." said Duty. “In
fact. we sat the whole ﬁrst half of the season. until. one day in February. Doc
ran into this little problem at Siena: his three best starters fouled out. What a
look on his face when he realized we had to go into the game. what with us
losing by l3 points withjust two minutes remaining. Everyone thought he
was conceding defeat. including us. So what happens. Jursak over here scores
ten points. and we eachthrow in acouple more. and Albany State beats “St.
Rose". What a burn. right in front of their home crowd in Gibbons Hall."

Where have you gone John Quatrocchi? The academy award winning
offensive foul draw-er is the varsity basketball coach at Whitesboro High
and this class of I973 graduate lit up like a 500 watt bulb as he told his
favorite: the |97| Capital District victory over Siena.

“They came into that one 6-0. We \vercjust 3-2. and they were supposed to
kill us." said Quattrocchi. “When we left the court at halftime. trailing by four
points, they were chanting “beat Albany High." After the game we went
down tothelockerroom tocelebratc and used a few good cheers ofour own."

Bob Rossi. Quatrocchi's other guard, works for General Electric these
days. but remembers well the I972-3 season.

“I'll never forget that Brockport game." said Rossi. whose eight
consecutive ﬁrst half baskets kept the Danes alive. "They were supposed to
blow us out. They had Gilliam. the man who was averaging 30 points a game.
The fans were berserk f romthe second we took the court. and we beat them)"

And for Rich Reni. the Danes' "ancient" scorekceper. the memories are
many: “Lemoyne. the win at Fredonia in overtime when Byron Miller went
wild in the second half to bring us back. last years' win against Brockport. but
most of all, the I974 Siena game and the way we ‘checked that score‘ “

Yet one more old-timer has yet to be heard from: the Doc himself.

“My most memorable game and favorite win. Siena in I966. the most
important win to me personally. Broekport last year: but. and this will
surprise you. the most important game we ever played was way back in my
ﬁrst year when we Went upto Plattsburgh. They were Iii-0 at thetime. and we
did everything but win. but it gave all of us the confidence to know what the
future of Albany State basketball looked like."

  
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  

   

 
 

Mary Ann Crotty (in while) tlghtaiorthetap In aeeond hall of women's
varalty basketball game Iaat week. Albany lost to Castleton 82-73.

byChl'lstIne Bellini

The play was rough.

“Castleton is a defensive. physical
team." said coach Barbara Palm.
“and We‘re pot that physical; it's
something that‘s got to develop."

Wednesday. the Albany State
Women‘s Basketball team faced
tough competition against Castlcton
College, fighting to the last second in
a strictly defensive game to losethcir
second of the season. 82—73.

The Danettes record now stands
at I win and 2 losses.

“We let them intimidate us." said
Palm. "but we were deﬁnitely in the
ball game all the way.“

Despite the efforts of ccntcr Mill)
Ann Crotty. Iiigli scorer for Albany
‘ m" with I4 points. forward Sue
Winthrop (I3 points) and guard
Nancy Iiartlc (II points). the team
just couldn‘t break through to place
more shots.

  

I

    'I‘Iic I)unettcs were away this

continued front page nineteen

Oddly enough. the most awkward
incident (iary encountered so far is
what to do with himself before the
game starts.

“It was tough." he said. “watching
all the guys out there taking war-
mups and me sitting on the bench
with nothing to do."

'I'revett‘s biggest gripe is missing
Saturday night's shootout with
hated Siena.

“Siena is always THE game I
point to every season." he said.
“ Knowing it's my last shot at beating
them here makes me even more up-

wcckend to compete against

. l’otsdam and Oswego. The next

set. But I'm confident our guys \vill home gumc will he .rhumduy‘
give Sicnmlulhcy wiml‘" February 5 at 7:00 pm. against

As far as individual achievements COIEMc.
are concerned, 1975-76 will be
remembered as disappointing for -"-
’I‘revctt. His forced inactivity over
the remaining ten games will cost
Trevett his chance ofjoining State's
coveted LOGO-point club.

But unselﬁsh off the court as be is
on the court. Gary 'I‘rcvett looks I I
ahead” we ,t.:;:.’.';:.:;’;:t..$5,211.:an:

“I have great Incentive to come lobby!
back strong." he said. “We should '
have enough talent next year to be it
real powerhouse.

The Red Cross
Bloodmoblle
will return!
Watt-h for sign—up Tuesday and

 

vi»L:‘>r .

hrs@wk

EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

CAMP DI PPI KILL
(2 positions)

   
   
 

   
 

 
 
  

 
  
 
  

Gary Trevett backs up on defense atter steal by Oneonta'a Steve Blackrn
an. Trevett will
least three weeks; possibly for the season. “I” '0' n

Trevett: Watching And Waiting

by Michael Smith

Last Tuesday night at University
Gym Gary Trevett began an ordeal
athletes in all sports fear more than
anything else.

Albany State's all-time assist
leader was forced to watch his team
lose to Union College from the
sidelines. his broken right wrist
preventing him from taking his
familiar place on the court as the
Danes‘ playmaking guard.

“It was a very helpless feeling for
me." Trevett said. “The Union game
was especially frustrating because
Union College is in my home town

and I know all their players per-
sonally. I wanted to prove we
(Albany) had a better team than Un-
ion. especially ufter they destroyed
as in the Capital District Tourna-
ment this year.”

But the practical side is that
Trevett must realize sitting out the
Union game isjust the beginning of
an adjustment he has to make. It
won‘t be easy.

What 'l'rcvctt and so many other
athletes in his position must adjust to
is no longer feeling a part of a team
you've practiced with. day in and day
out. for months. All the hard work.

hopes and preparations for this
season are now just ii memory for
'I'revctt.

He will miss not only the game
competition and the practices. he
will develop what athletes in his posi-
tion can attest to as an indescribable
feeling of being an outsider looking
in at his teammates. '

"During time-outs I really missed
talking over strategy with Doc
[Coach Sauers] and the players."
’lrcvctt said. “It's hard for me to
accept that I‘m no longer considered
important as a player."

('ulllinltl'tl on page eighteen

: .by Nathan Salanf

Where are they now. . . what arethey doing. . .do former Albany'State
Great Danes‘ just fade away on the twine?

Today Gary Holway (Albany's all-time leading scorer) sits behind a dealt.
and his best'moves are no longer made toward the basket. but instead with a
scalpel. It's Doctor Holway now. l3 years a professor of Biology at Oneonta
State College. a balding giant who still stands out in a crowd.

“I‘ll never forget the old gym in Page Hall." said Holway after Saturday's
Alumni Contest. “We were just about unbeatable in there. We once won 34
games in a row. and when we finally lost. it was in double overtime to New
Haven."

But it was Coach Doc Sauers who re-kindles another memory for
UHolway—the I957 NAIA Eastern Championship game against Fairleigh
Dickinson.

“The night before I played terribly. but the team was great and we won."
Holway said with an almost painful look. “And then we were in the regional
finals. I played the best game of my career and if we had won. we‘d have been
in the National Tournament in Kansas City. but we didn't. soit really doesn't
matter." '

“I love coming back here each year for these games." he continued. "The
memories. the friendships. Doe. and a trip down to old Page Hall . . ."

Albany‘s ﬁrst “big man“ was six foot. six inch Don Cohen. now aprofessor
at Cobleskill. In four years at State he pulled down |3|7 rebounds. and
averaged 20 points in the 1959-60 season.

“No doubt about it. I‘ll always treasure the victories over Siena when I was
it freshman and again in my senior year.“ Cohen said. “Boy. we really didn't
like the Gibbons Hall boys at all. I‘ll never forget one other: we lost onlytwo
home games during mythree full years on varsity. The fans were. and still are.
something else."

Hewlitts Landing in the Township of Whitehall is miles from Page Hall.
but the most veteran of the Alumni here Saturdaycvening now resides there:
Jack Minon (I957).

“I guess I can safely say I'm the only one here who played before Doe came
to Albany.“ said Minon. uOur old coach was Merlin Hathaway. a gentleman
and It really nice guy.“

“It‘s funny.“ he continued. “I remember my first meeting with Doe and he
still looks the same to me. Did he thI you we won our ﬁrst eight games that
year ( "955-56). and then lost to Utica? What a difference between our team
and the ones you watch today. We had no defense. noinsidc shooters. but we
had the damnedest coach."

‘ continued on page eighteen

 

 

Position Title:

Qualiﬁcations:

Time Commitment:

CONFERENCE ASSISTANT
POSITIONS AVAILABLE
Summer Planning - Orientation Conferences

Conference Assistant.
I970 Summer I'liinning (‘onlcrcncc
Undergraduates only

June I - July 27. I‘)7o

Experi

A NEW WORLD OF SOUND
Odyssey A mild

Offers Students High Fidelity
a! Low Costs

ence tudent Special

Skilgprice

Rectilinear
Sony Milxc”
'I‘cchnics -Sansui Dual
Epi I‘e Millanll ‘
Dokorder Kenwood Bic Plymomh UTIlon. Vt-
. . Sherwood (tar-“mt 5 mi SUUll'i Of
Ar Iliirmiin-Kardon Altai Killington Gondola. on Rte. 100
Tel“: Dynucu

"059 Pioneer

 
 

 

WHAT: Laborers - Building Contractor Assistants
WHERE: Comp Dippikill
WHEN: June 21, I97

6 - January I4. 1977 (30 weeks, full time, 40

Requirements:

Attendance at mandatory interest meeting
on 'I'ucsday. I‘chruary .l. ill 7.30 pm. in
Lecture Center |(It youcannot intend. you
must contact Sue I’icrcc (4574296) in the
Ofﬁce oI Student |.tlc It'utnpiLs ("enter

and others

$450 $250
All day All day

WHO MAY APPLY: Albany State Students (Student Tax Paying)
HOW MUCH: $2.75@hr - $1I0@wk

JOB DESCRIPTION: The employees will assist a contractor in the
contruction of two buildings at Camp Dippikill. These buildings will
be recreation oriented overnight accommodations. One will be a
one room I2’x16’ log cabin and the other will be a five room 24'x-
36’ frame cabin. The employees will be involved in all stages of the
work including log, concrete, concrete block, framing; roofing, in-
terior ’8. exterior finishing, well 8. leaching field systems, field stone
and outbuilding construction.

QUALIFICATIONS: The applicants ohould have had some construc-
tion experience in most of the abovestoges and be good physical

 

Thurs. Feb. 5
8:00 pm.
C.C. Ballroom

Coat
.I.S.C. .25
tax .75

large beer .25
proof required

condition.

MISC INFORMATION: Comp Dippikill is located 70 miles north of
Albany on Route 28 near the hamlet of The Glen. Lodging for the
duration will be provided at one oftlie comp buildings for either a
small fee or additional work hours. Acor is strongly recommened
as the nearest town for supplies such as food, gasoline, laundry,
etc. is 8 MILES AWAY. Lake George Village, 13 miles away,
ocol source of night life. BOARD IS
cooking facilities are available.
WHERE 8. WHEN TO APPLY: Applications may be picked up in the
SA office (CC 346) and must be returned to that office no later
than Friday, February 20. I976. '
INTERVIEWS: Required for top applicants.

ACCEPTANCE NOTICE: Given on or before March 23, l976.tA
complete list of alternates and those not acceptable will be' posted

provides the only reasonably I
NOT PROVIDED but complete

in the SA office on March 23.

 

w/o fox $1.25

iewnh Studenta’ Coalition-Hillel
Low-..

3 ca: EIGHTEEN

 

 

I

funded by student rustic/allot:

 

 

 

 

i—E

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

funded by student association

 

 

FEBRUARY 3, 1976

Renumeration:

Where to apply:

Application Deadline:

 

PUB CENTER 130

 

IJtI) liiflm‘i' tlti: tnccling takes plucel

$750 plus room and board lrom June | -
July 27, I970

()ll’icc ol Student I.ile. Campus ('cnicr lit)
between January 26 - l‘L‘l’lIllllf)‘ ii. |97fi

Return applications to ('C lit) by 5 pm
Friday. licbrutuy o, 197(-

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. STOP BY CAM-

      
 

 

 

 

 

     

Help us reach our goal-fast!

 

 

Join Idol/ton ’76 in the

F000 F497

Donate your dinner on

February 18

Weekend Weekday
All it bl’ II .
u" s m In new Join the Student Sid Assn.
Factory sealed cartons and famibud‘
Fully guaranteed 4600' and 3100’chalrs
under manufacturers warranty 1300 it Of Vemcal
Please call usfor sound advice Plenty 0‘ Challenging mm
“mm or a price quote Lloyd “Bignleague sklin yvith
405.8103 457-77I5 .9" ill Peop 9

Save this add-It'll .I’tlt’t' you "toner
IlIIIIIllIilllIIIIIIIIlIIIllllllllllllllllllllllil II

   

 

 

Please sign up by
Friday, February 6

on the dinner line.

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 3, 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINETEEN

 

   
 
 
  
     
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
    
 

U.

 

