 
  

  
   
 
  
  
   
     
  
   
   
  
 

 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
      
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
   
 
    
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
  
    
   
  
 
  
    
     

 

amvmsmmmw-nm, .__

,w .u

wives" 5., 1A,.

_, -s<..x'-ge.i,.;.i-w.~m,.r.~,v

«in

ww-Mmurmgmi
hyﬂhqwqmmnmho
{my :Ilitain narrow that
«many of its dtinns. apparently
 have beeniilledinthe
.emllttlcdsoiithwat African state.

.‘U.S. ofﬁcialan "Wailinpon-nid
National ivnion~+UNlIA——and
National Front—FNLA—troops
:pttlled back'to Silva .Portoiind were
fighting "a rear-guard action”
against .‘Popular Movement—
:MPLA—éforces nfterthecollapoe of
Honcho, 90 miles 'tothe west. Full-
smle ﬁghting is expected to resume
in mid-March after the rainy season
ends.

An estimated 6,000 Cuban troops
closed in on Huambo from four
directions Sunday after being air-
lifted by helicopter to the UNITA
capital. and Soviet-built tanks later
rolled into the city, accordingto UN-
lTA intelligence sources.

A downcast Jorge Sangurnba,
UNl’l‘A‘s foreign minister, con-
ﬁrmedtbe fall of Huamboandtolda
news conference in Lusaka, Zambia
“there was indiscriminate killing of
men, women and children by the ad—
vancing MPLA." British cor—
respondents in Angola reported
refugees were streaming toward
Silva Porto from Huambo.

State Department ofﬁcials in
Washington, trying to explain the
loss of Huambo, said the UNlTA
and FNLA forces “just don‘t have
the weapons to match Soviet rockets
and tanks."

The MPLA, which has nearly
completed its sweep of northern
Angola, is now concentrating on the
central part of the country, where
Huambo and Silva Porto are. it is
also pressuring Luso, further
eastward on the Benguela railroad,
to gain stronger military and
political advantages.

  

M In“: all we. ‘wll'cb
 1UNIIA aid db J'NLA
:iespaaively, need :the railroad .for
:the Wired: and have suffered
economically tenure of the loss of
therailrondiliitkdothe Atlantic.
'Soine Western observers believe
the MPLA simply my isolate
,Lobito, Angola‘s 1min port and the
terminus oftherailroad with nearby
Wu itmn'take‘Silva Porto
and‘Luo.
in London, fritne Minister
Harold-Wilsonttold Parliament that
many :Britons, apparently
mercenaries, have been killed in
“warlike operations" in Angola, and
thatrepor'ts 13 or l4 were executed
by their comrades for refusing to
ﬁght appear to be true.
The executions wore said to haVe

occurred in northern MI ,‘U‘ .

week on orders of J Wit
mercenary named “Col. Cullen,”
who since has been reported slain.
either by other mercenaries d
‘FN LA agents.

Wilson said “from all the facts
available, it appears probable that
tragic incidents including the loss of
life of a number of recruited
mercenaries have taken place.”

,He said there was no doubt “the
substantial numbers killed in warlike
operation. . .are veryconsiderable
indeed."

Wilson declined to elaborate, but
said he will inrike a full statement
Tuesday and that his government
may act to stop the recruiting of
“free-lance soldiers" in ‘Britain for
the Angola civil war.

Cells Are a Complex Matter

NEW YORK (AP) The human
cell—the very stuff of life—is being
shown in new basic research to be
remarkably more complex than
ever believed.

Until now. the cell has been seen as
a jelly-like mass of cytoplasm sur—
rounding a nucleus containing the
genetic material. the chromosomes
and as a smooth and round object.

All living things, all plants and
animals, are made up of cells. from
simple single-cell organisms to
higher order plants and animals like
Man, made up literally billiom of
cells.

Now oell biologists are ﬁnding in
their quiet laboratory research that
the surface of the cell has an extraor-
dinary architecture or structure and
that its functions are marvelously
detailed and subject to control.

if the surface of the cell were the
skin of a balloon and the air inside
the rest of the cell. the new findings
would be like discovering that the
skin of the balloon is made up of

highly organized smaller structures
with elaborate functions.

“An enormous resurgence of ac
tivity has taken place in cell biology
in the last few years,” says a
molecular biologist. “leading to a
completely new picture of the cell
surface.

keen-tract Celk

In perhaps ﬁve years, some scien-
tists believe, the researchers may be
able to take-the tell, this complicated
assembly of molecules, take it apart
and reconstruct it. understand how it
works.

“in ﬁve years, we may have solved
the f undamemal problem of howthe
surface of the cell controls some of
its most important f unctions,“ says
Dr. Gerald M. Edelman, I972 Nobel
Priz: winner from Rockefeller Un-
iversit y in New York and recognized
leader in cell research.

Such an understanding of how
cells work, what turns them on and
off. might be fundamental to con
trolling cancer.

Alien Life Is Not To Be Feared

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.
(A?) A sociologist here is teaciung
cartltlings how to handle meetings
with life from outer space. He says
the ﬁrst thing to remember lb not to
paiuc.

'I'hal’s because “they” might be
able to teach us a few tlungs if we
stick around long enough to let
them, says Dr Richard E. Yinger of
Palm Beach Junior College.

Yinger is conducting a lecture
series in a new field of knowledge.
czowcxology the study of the
social forms of cztraterrwtial life.

“’1 hey would have to be very high-
ly developed. technologically and
sociologically," Yiriger tells his
uludtﬂtb in the noncredit course.
“'I hey would have to be in order to
survive the tremendous energy
systems they would need to move
about in space.

*1 hey would have to have learned
how to live peacefully, would have
moved beyond warfare and violan

“On the basis of that, we bltiNld
try to approach them at intelligently
at possible and hope that we would
be able to get lielpfrom inerni'n solv-
ing our problems,"

Yingcr, 35, earned his Phi) in
sociology at Honda State University

in l97l. He taught at the State Unv
ivemty of New York and began
developing his new discipline when
he came here two years ago,

“The American Swiologjcal
Association ICU/gillttd it in August

PAGE TWO

I975 as a itewficld of study." he says
"So far. fro the only one actually
teaching it, first in thefall and again
this winter. They don't pay me for
teaching ll because the college has
been havrng budget problems."

Yinger says evidence from
reputable people. sucn as pilots and
radar operators. indicates uniden<
tified flying objects that can't be ex-
plained except in icrrm of a higher
intelligence.

English Faculty Fights Cuts

continued from page one
ihe needs of the department and the
university."

Schnudi tried to allay ill: fears of
the faculty by informing them that
the administration won‘t adhere
strictly to ihe outside evaluators's
report on the English Phi) “We
aren't using the evaluators report as
the last word.” said Schmidt. "The
plans you ClillCIILd in your letier are
only possibilities "

However. when President Emmett
Fields was asked about the Phi).
program late last week he said firm-
ly. "Then is noiridication that we‘re
going to do anything else than what
is plainly stated in the evaluators‘
report.”

"'I he l’hl) itself is immaterial to
the adrmnisuauon." said Schmidt.
“What is important is the quality of
the lingish doctoral proyam and
the department."

“English is an inferior depart-
ment,” Schmidt contended. “It falls
to meet the high it andardi of the rest
of the Humanities in its pet'smtnel
luglnnmendatlons. There are going

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

to be tougher standards of quality
control.“

When asked to define quality,
Schnudt said it was “hard to pin
down" A junior faculty member
suggested that “her idea of quality is
simply national prominence. I think
we have a more imaginative, realistic
notion about quality.” Schmidt
lunher chastised the faculty by ex-
plaining that it was obvious to her
that they were opposed to having a
“quality English department." She
based her opinion on the contents of
the faculty letter and the fact that
they had make it public.

Quality Counts

One senior faculty member, out-
raged by Schmidt's accusation, ask-
ed her to point out “where in the
document or in the act“ the faculty
indicated they were against quality.
She replied that she could not do so
and that “perhaps I misread it."

“That's the son of thing we were
up against at that conference,” said
one professor. “Differences aren‘t
being resolved. They are becoming
more and more acute.” ‘

  
  
     

Typhoid Serum Needed for El'lhqulke Victim.
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) Doctors in outlying areas of Ilu.‘ earthquak-
devastiited country pleaded Monday for serum to fight an nuibieal: oi
typhoid and other intestinal disorders caused by spoin food and
contaminated water. The emergency relief committee said 15.035 hlldltk had
been buried, while unofﬁcial sources said the final death toll mm mm
20,000. An estimated 40,000 were injured. Rain and chill) womb-:- added to
the miseries of survivors of lasi‘Wednesday‘s massive eunnuum and m,
more than 500 aftershocks and tremors that followed Official: “urngd
about outbreak of respiratory as wall as intestinal disorders

Anderson Opposes New Pot Proposals
ALBANY, NY. (AP) Senate Majority Leader Warren Antler in: most
powerful Republican in the state legislature. said Monom in -.~ ﬁrmly
opposed to Gov. Hugh Carey's plan to decrimintilize 1h: Stilt ‘v’ '
ounces of marijuana. But Anderson appeared less ndnmsn‘
governor's proposal to detrimintilize possession of small ilﬁi’dh
will use any persuasive power I have as a senatorio prevent poison:

 
  
 
 
   

crime,” Anderson said in a statement. Carey proposed in hn held
last week decriminalizing marijuana by making "casual" pussm
of uptotwo ounces a violation and not a crime. The ceiling or. :n: '
be $250.

Nuclei Power Plant Threatens Holocaust

NEW YORK (AP) A nuclear safety engipeer charged Mono-ax that nuclear
power plants at Indian Point pose the threat of a holocaust int o. no; million;
of persons in the metropolitan New York area. “If l had it»: zlzrmnii.‘
Robert Pollard told a news conference. “I would close don-r. l ' .. Ollll
It's almost an accident waiting to happen." At the confer: -: Pollard
announced his resignation as $27,756 nuclear safer} engineer an: YtaC‘lol
operator for the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commissmn Be: 3: Indian
Point, the 36—year-old engineer was safety review C(I(ll’dll’lal:ll " ,uenlt In
North and South Carolina and Texas,

“Zebra” Murder Trial to Go to Jury
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) The ll-rnonth—long “Zebra” r7_'::'

. audible

.155 could

 

   
  

 

inal—

aftermath of a irighteningseries of racial attacks that shocker. :5: 7.:1.ul‘ll\\n
3:32: and

years ago—7.5 expected to go to the jury this week Tn:
conspiracy trial of four young black men has been one ol the ..
trials in California history. and its length could cause ll to
One juror. a newlywed when the trial started March 3. I9’.‘ I
birth. lfshe has to be excused. only one offour original all:
fill in. with no further standbys available should hl'lCilh‘."
incapacitated.

Hearst Declares SLA Threatened to Kill Her

  
 
 
 

 

  
  
 
 

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Patricia Hearst declared . nil
Symbionese Liberation Army captors forced her IO ta .. . Luml
robbery and then threatened to kill her unless she boasted ' .1 13W
recorded “communique' With thejury out of the roumcvcv: ~~ Him!

testified duringa special hearing at which her defense sought 1. ~ .,"
taped statements about the April IS, I974 hank holdup  »
standing trial. “Were you a willing participant in the ham. r r».
true or false? asked her chief defense attorney. F Lee Baum " list ~ mic.“
she replied in a soft but firm voice.

High School Reopens After Racial Strife
PENSACOLA. Fla. (AP) A high school torn by ramal strife  
nickname “Rebels” reopened today under the protectar
enforcement ofﬁcers. Attendance wm skimpy as hundreds m
away from cluses. “Every entrance in this building has four ~
said Sheriffs Sgt. Jim Edson of Escarnbia Count) ‘Therr‘s rm. A ,- ‘l‘m
the outlying buildings." Four white pupils were Shot when urn}: 4'15 Mil
pupils battled for four hours Thursday, destroying about Sim“ T. MW"
properly. Whites had raised a Confederate flag following the .‘pt’tt.f.g «it
Escambia High School.

Newark Teachers Ratify Contract

NEWARK. N-J- (AP) Striking teachers in New Jersey's lsrgoi an M“?
ratiﬁed a new contract providing wage hikes of 8.5 per cent. setting :hcuw
for resumption of normal classes Monday for 80.000 pupils \it'ml‘t'ls ulthc
Newark Teachers Union, who wcni on strike last Tuesday. “121mm: llw
aJ"105‘! unanimouslyin a voice vote Sunday. The action closed a “t‘r'kt’ntl of
negotiations to settle a dispute over distribution of the salary mm “1"
union and school board had reached tentative agreement innit m ' as “no:
inc;easc total. but they disagreed on how II was to be dinch anions 1”“ I”)
sca es.

    

   

Dogs Ouarantlned In Three Countles

ALBANY. NY. (AP) The state Department of Agriculture and \1..ml his
ordered the quarantine of all dogs in Delaware, Hcrkimcr and tin-vndill’"
counties because of heavy snow which makes it difﬁcult for deer to trawl-
Mosi deer attacks are by free-roaming household pets, not wild dns’y 1""
departmenlvsaid. The quarantine order means that dogs may not run at ltllgU
at any time in the three counties. Ofﬁcials are required under ihe luu imlwol
dogs winch are at large and pursuing or harassing deer in the WWW“
“’"nues- “1° dosis not considered at large. however. ifii is accompiinlcd by
and under full control of the owner.

1
FEBRUARY 10. 1976

 

mg; n»- oman"  
At Recent  Conference

by Dan Gina

SASU Vice President Betty
Pohanka‘s position is now con-
sidered vacant by the Student
Assembly Executive Committeethat
met at a conference in Binghsmton
this weekend.

Pohanka “was not a registered
student when elections were held for
ofﬁcers last June,“ according to a
SASU news release mailed yester-
day.

Allegations, personality conflicts
and rumors involving SASU per-
sisted at the Student
Assembly/SASU conference, but
since the Assembly did not have a
quorum, an investigatory report
concerning ﬁscal mismanagement
by SASU members was not heard.
The report will be sent to Assembly
delegates this week.

Student Assembly and SASU are
parallel groups; the former is an of-
ﬁcial arm of SUNY Central, while
the latter is a private corporation
made up of many SUNY schools.

Pohanka has been identiﬁed as the
leader of a group challenging the
authority of SASU President Bob
Kirkpatrick.

It was generally agreed by those
close to the situation that, had a
crisis atmosphere not existed,
Polianks's status would not have
been questioned.

The tension continues, however,
and it remains unclear whether
Pohanka‘s removal and the com-
mittee‘s report will reduce the
pressure.

The allegations of corruption and
mismanagement were formulated by
former SASU delegate Peter Coni-
eau He began reviewingthe Student
Assembly‘s ﬁnances after friends on
the Student Rights Committ'ée and
in the Community College Students
Association told him that
Kirkpatrick could not provide
enough funds for their purposes.

Comeau discovered that Student
Assembly had depleted its budget
too early. He also found instances of

O
questionable uses of money for

meals and rented cars. The Student
Assembly set up a committee in
December to investigate those
allegations.

“If the Assembly doesn't live upto
its responsibilities," said Comeau at
the conference,“l will takethis infor-

 

Archlvlst Morrlson Howlland: It’s more than lust a lob to hlm.

Task Force Is Mum on Cuts

by Llndii Fried

Although President Emmett B.
Ficlds' Task Force on Priorities and
Resources has been meeting
repeatedly these past two weeks, lit-
tle is known about the progress they
have made, since committee
members have agreed not to release
piirtiiil information.

Fields created the task force when
faced with the problem of
eliminating ill least 88 positions due
[0 recent budget cuts. The com-
mittee, made up of ii wide cross sec-
tion of the university community,
must submit its report by Miirch I.

An article in last Friday's Knicker-
hm‘kur News zeroed in on the
possibility of SUNYA‘s Nursing
Program being cut. When asked
about this, the committee‘s chair-
mllll, Dr. John Spiilck siiid that it
was Just one of the many programs
under discussion.

“The process isn't over yet," said
Spiilck, “It would be it disservice to
the universityif we give picccmcnl in-
formation." Another committee
member commented that silence is

FEBRUARY 10, 1976

necessary to prevent harmful rumors
from spreading.

Although no speciﬁcs were men-
tioned. onc committee member
remarked that many ofthc decisions
were by no means unanimous. Many
compromises have become
necessary, the source said, dueio the
internal disscnsion of the group.

Accordinglo Spalck thetaskforce
will release ll report in approximate—
ly two weeks.

Three Areas of Study

Spiilck said that the committee
has divided their investigations into
three areas: instructional, instruc-
tional support, and others, such as
student services, educational obliga-
tion centers and maintenance. He
says than the force has finished con—
sidering the instructional phiisc and
is well into the instructional support
phase.

The committee is using sclcct com—
mittee reports, internal and external
reports and departmental self-
studics. Some results have been
given to Fields for discussion and
reconciliation of differences.

\

motion to the Attorney General.”

But later Cornelu wu careful to
separate the ﬁscal niismsnlnsmeii
and alleged corruption from the per-
sonality conflicts between
Kirkpatrick and Pohankii.

Comeau, who has been identiﬁed
as being sympathetic to Pohanka.
added, "I think it‘s an injustice tosity
I‘m doing this to get Betty in. The
question is, are the allegations true?”

Kirkpatrick sees this differently.
"They've been putting together
things that, viewed on the surface.
might perhaps be seen as
questionable," he said.

SASU staff members sympathetic
to Kirkpatrick suggest that the
allegations were part of an overall
plot to replace Kirkpatrick with
Pohanka.

Observers close to the Studeil
Assembly Executive Committee said
that they considered removing
Kirkpatrick, but decided not to, say-
ing that this would not serve the best
interests of students and SASU.
These observers said the Committee
would play a larger role in SASU
and Student Assemblyinthe coming
months.

 
 
 

 
  
 

 

 
   
    
    
     
     
       
 
        
       
      
     
      
       
    
    
  

 
 
     

The Albany Assodntlon tor the Retarded Is about 85,500 richer now.
thanks to those Involved In the Koppl Delta dance marathon. The
lurid-ruling event ran for 24 hours, startlno Friday at noon.

You’ll Find it . . . at the Archives

by Karen leern

The ofﬁce does not look any
different from hundreds of others
found all over the SUNYA podium.

-th, the material found in the ﬁles of

this quiet, unobtrusive room, is
enough to make it quite unique.

The room is 8-34, located in the
University library. The sign at the
entrance of the hallway says simply
“Archives”, and gives little indica-
tion of what lies beyond. As you
enter the busy ofﬁce, you are greeted
by a soft-spoken, almost timid man
by the name of Morrison Howilund
His official titlcis SUNYA archivist,
and it soon becomes apparent that
this is more thunjust ajob to him.

The archives have been in ex-
istcncc since I971. The primary
responsibility of the archives, accor-
ding io Howland, is to preserve of-
ﬁcial rind personal records and
papers of the university.

Howilnnd annually distributes a
memorandum to different
departments, reminding them ofthc
main function ofthc archives, which
is to preserve inactive institutional
records. He also requests their
cooperation, in sending any old
records to his ofﬁce.

Copies of announcements, ﬁycrs,
posters, programs and leaﬂets flood
the ofﬁce. as well as newspapers,
periodicals, and annuals as publish-
ed. Howiland, and his secretary,
Niincy Izivaronc, sort through these,
categorize them, and ﬁle them for
future reference.

According to Howiland, records
of every thesis and dissertation sub-
mitted to the university, prove to be
most valuable to students using the
archives.

Some of the records date back to
ISM, when SUNYA was known as
the Silllt'. Normal School. Most of
lhc rccordsto the llursar‘s office and
Accounting office date back to the
l920‘s.

Howiliind also keeps on ﬁle copies
of the Albany Student Press from
I914, when it was called Stute
College News, up to the present.
Also on ﬁle are copies of the year-
book, starting from I900, when it

was called The Neon, and every year-
book since, up to and including The
Torch ‘75.

Student use of the archives is still
minimal. Howiland is convinced
that this is due to poor exposure of
the archives to the faculty and
students. For three years now,
without success, he has been trying
to get the archives lisfcd inthe Facul-
I'l' Handbook, which he referred to
as “the bible of how the university
operates."

“Uiifonunately up to now , due to
bureaucratic difﬁculty, I have been
unable to get the archives listed. But
I'm hopeful that it will be listed in
next year‘s handbook," lamented
Howiland.

Much of the present material on
ﬁle was origially found in a huge

storage area on the downtown cam-
pus. lt was moved uptown, and
Howiland and his staff (which iri-
cludes his secretary and two or three
students each semester) began to in-
dex the material.

“This is a job which will take
several years, since there are records
from the years l925-l965, which had
previously been in dead storage,"
snid Howiland, indicating the many
shelves of unindexed records behind
him.

In the corner of the cluttered room
sat a new canon of folders, which
had recently arrived. in them were
records from EOP, Allen Center,
and Parking Appeals, among many
others. “Well,” sighed Howiland,
wearily, yet ever-smiling, “back to
work."

Ham's Supporters Organize

by Charles P. Crawford

An organir ional meetingofsup—
porters forth Fred Harris for Presi-
dcnt campaign was held in LC l4
Thursday night featuring prominent
national, state, regional, and local
coordinators.

The meeting dealt primarily with
brieﬁng new members with Harris‘
political platform and his campaign
statistics. A strong empl..isis fell on
Harris' basic technique for gaining
support—getting out to meet the
voters.

National Student Coordinator
Steve Smith explained that there are
two fundamental concepts on which
Harris buses his platform: that“. . .
the people are smart enough to
govern themselves working
people have to be able to control
their own lives," and that we need a
“diffusion of economic and political
power in society. This should be the
expressed goal of government."

Smith said Harris is “very con-
scious of economics.“ He said his
platform includes revisions ofthein-
comc tux laws in Social Security,
“. . . ii progressive income tux in-
stead of progressive loopholes," cut-

ALB ANY STUDENT PRESS

ting the military budget, establishing
ii “Permanent Jobs Corps" which
would insure jobs during times of
recession, and forming a Federal In-
terstiite Corporation which would
.help lessen economic competition
between the states.

Born in I930, Harris became a
sharccropper and worked his way
through the University of
Oklahoma, earning a degree in
government and history and a law
degree “with distinction". He
entered Oklahoma State Senate, ser-
ving there until he won ii seat in the
U.SScnatc in 1964. He served as the
chairman for the Democratic
National Convention in I969 and
I970. He has not sought re—election
to his Senate seat in order to run for
the Presidency.

"Harris," said Smith, “is the only
candidate talking about concrete
issues. All the other candidates are
20 years behind the people, Harris is
not.“

Though Harris is a liberal, in the
words of one campaign coordinator,
“He‘s not perceived to be it
McGovern. He's a dirtfarmer, not a
limosinc liberal."

PAGE THREE

  
 
 
    
 
 
   

0.2

 

