   

     
         
  
   
 

   

 

 

"'  W": "i  NW" ‘M"""“'Té': '11..

 

 

rev—ms a"... «new.

-..,_.

-.- g owl-«eve, u out...

w 3... nus:.9.::¢;.~_1~t&t—8t~', Jiligw'.‘

-mmlmrﬁlmr“¢+.w .

  

nun be prepared to rear: '
(any massive Russian adven-

‘irle told a Senate subcommittee
studying Angola that “I am not say-
. ing we will police every area in the
world . . . but wherever theSoviet
Union moves hostilely, we must
eomtnit ourselves.” '
“i” believe we must discourage the.
view that the Soviet Union can move
anywhere it wants without serious
risk.” Kissinger said.
Kissinger also said. “The ad-
ministration is now seriously con-
»sidering overt ﬁnancial aid for
Angola and we will soon be con-
sulting with the Congress on this
possibility." He gave no details.
Meanwhile, in Moscow. the of-
ﬁcial Soviet newspaper lzvestia said
the Russian\government wants an
Angola settlement based on a coali-

tion government “of all the patriotic ‘

forces” in the country. ltdid not say
which groups it considered patriotic.

The article was seen in Moscow as
more conciliatory than previous
declarations on Angola.

In Washington, the State Depart-
ment refused comment on the
report. One ofﬁcial noted that the
same dispatch accused the two anti-
Soviet groups in Angola of “national
treachery."

In Lusaka, Zambia, ofﬁcials of a
West-leaning faction, the National
Union for the Total Independence of
Angola UNITA, reported there was
no signiﬁcant ﬁghting on the front
with Soviet-backed forces in the

 

straight day.

Kissinger appeared before a

‘ Senate Foreign Relations subcom-
mittee considering US. 'policy in
"Angola. ‘

In his statement; 'tiE‘repeated
criticism of Congress for cutting off
all aid to anti-Soviet poops in the
southwestern section of Africa.

Kissinger‘s‘call for a freer hand in
the conduct of foreign policy met ob-
jections, particularly from subcom-
mittee chairman Dick Clark, D-
Iowa, and Sens. George McGovern,
D-S.D.; Joseph Biden, D-Del., and

Clifford Case, R-NJ. .

They all said congressional op-

position to g‘ving the administration

ngolan civil war for the fourth"

past excesses as Vietnam.

Kissinger said the question of an V

Angolan government and the issue
of a Soviet presence there is now
secondary to the over-all issue of
world stability.

“What the United States does
when confronted with a challenge
like Angola can be of great
signiﬁcance in shaping our future
relationship with the Soviet Union,”
Kissinger said.

“A demonstration of a lack of
resolve could lead the Soviets to a
great miscalculation, thereby plung-
ing us into a major confrontation
which neither of us wants."

 

 

 

\

"Dr. Kissinger. ipreaumo . . . "

 

more ﬂexibility in the conduct of
foreign policy was rooted in such 

   
  

Spain Shifts Public Image of Franco
MADRID, Spain (AP) Geno Francisco Franco's public image, which
dominated Spain for-tOyears, is fadingrapidiytwomonths after his death. In
hundreds of government ofﬁces photographs of Franco, once the security
blanket of'the bureaucrat, have been removed. Some were dusty with ugc
dating to the Spanish civil war, picturing the general with crop and riding
boots. In some cases, photographs of King Juan Carlos have simply hm,
thumbtacked over the Franco pictures. The image will recede further into
history Saturday when the government issues a new one-pesetu coin. Spain‘s
penny, with the image of Juan Carlos.

Morocco Overpowors Algeria In Sahara

RABA’I’, Morocco (AP) Morocco claimed Thursday to have captured the
Spanish Sahara desert area where it battled with Algeria for three days,
taking l0| Algerian prisoners in all. Algeria announced its forces “have
withdrawn in good order." There was no independent verification of the
claims. An ofﬁcial statement in Rabat said the region of Amghalu. I75 miles
southwest of the Algerian border, had been“cleansed of all rebel elements.“ a
reference to guerrillas of the Algerian-backed Polisario Front which favors
independence for the Spanish Sahara.

Rabin Firm on israel's Position
WASHINGTON (AP) Signaling a tough stand on future Mideast
negotiations, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzbak Rabin declared today lltttl "We
are going to stand ﬁrm against illusions of so-culled peace.“ in a speech
' before the National Press Club, Rabin said the fate of Lebanon‘s Christian
minority serves as a reminder to Israel “not to be under any false illusions
about the future." Rabin's speech followed a White House meeting with
President Ford, the third such session during Rabin‘s U.S. visit. Describing
the meeting, a White House spokesman said the administration was
continuing efforts to promote a Middle East peace.

US-USSB Trade Acts Not Profitable

WASHINGTON (AP) Treasury Secretary William E. Simon said l'ltursduy
the United States probablyis losing more than $l billion in business Will] the
Soviet Union because of trade restrictions imposed by Congress. llv

 

Anti- War Movement Triumphs

WASHINGTON (AP) The last
U.S. ambassador to South Vietnam
says he doesn't blame Congress for
the Saigon government’s. collapse
because the law makers‘ vote to bar
further American military aid was
prompted by orgade campaigns
of distortion in the United States.

Graham A. Martin told skeptical
lawmakers Tuesday that the aid
decision was inevitable in view of the
impact of the American antiwar
movement, which he called one of
the best propaganda and pressure
organizations the world has ever
seen.

He named one group
speciﬁcally—the Washington-based
Indochina Resource Center.

A center spokesman later said

Martin's assertion that the center
had engineered the congressional
vote was ridiculous and added. ob-
viome there was a lot of antiwar
pressure, but it didn't come from any
one small group, it came from the
majority of the American people.
First Statement

Appearing before a House inter-
national relations subcommittee,
Martin offered his ﬁrst detailed
public statement on the American
evacuation from Vietnam last April.,
Since last June, Martin has put off
his appearance before the House
panel and has been in seclusion,
often out of the country.

During his testimony, Martin
strongly defended his handling of the
Saigon crisis and contended that ul-

Tropical Cost Cutting

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) The
government says it's actually cutting
costs by ofﬁce-landscaping a federal
ofﬁce with “0,000 worth of tropical
plants and a Sl0.000 canned music
system that features the sound of
whispering surf.

But one employe in the labor
department ofﬁce says. “If they'd
turn the fans on for a tropical breeze
and haul in a couple of tons of white
sand we cotsld be Fiji."

Eighty-seven large plants——
including eight potted palms—were
installed last week in the sprawling
ofﬁces of the Manpower building
here, Phillip Lawlor. Manpower‘a
deputy regional administrator, con-
ﬁrmed Wednesday.

Lawlor said a sound system soon
to be installed throughout the floor
will alternate l5 trtinutes of
background music with is minutes

PAGE TWO

of a whirring, soft air-like roar,
similar to the sound of surf.

The embellishments are part of a
$90,000 ofﬁce-landscaping project
recommended by the General Ser-
vices Administration to save money
by substitutingfoliage and low room
dividers for costly interior walls,
Lawlor said.

Portable Dividers

The GSA says it developed the
concept for ofﬁces of federal agen-
des sothey can becxpanded or made
smaller simply by moving around
the portable room dividers and
plants.

We're using this new concept
throughout our four-state region
and it's unquestionable saving us
moneyvcspeciaily with all the
changes that are constantly being
made in the sire and shape of federal
ofﬁces, a GSA spokesman said.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

timately the evacuation will bejudg-
ed as “a hell of a good job."

Martin had drawn criticism from
other Embassy ofﬁcials, whoshortly
after the evacuation were quoted as
saying he had aggravated the situa-
tion by not ordering all Americans
out of Saigon sooner.

But the silver-haired veteran
diplomat, now a special assistant to
Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger. insisted his actions were
dictated by the need to avoid panic
and possible South Vietnamese
retaliation against departing
Americans.

Subcommittee Chairman Lee
Hamilton, D-Ind., told Martin he
had doubts that a small group of an-
tiwar activists could sway popular
opinion away from the combined
arguments of the president, the Pen-
tagon and the State Department.

Martin told Hamilton that
government persuasion was not used
effectively. Martin said some
members of a congressional group
that visited South Vietnam in the
early winter of I975 Were shaken by
the vast difference between the reali-
ty they saw and the distorted image
they had received from the anti-
Saigon lobby in Washington.

He said that after an antiwar
propaganda extravaganza on the se-
cond anniversary of the Paris ac-
cords last Januaryfl personally con-
cluded that the game was up and my
thoughts Were more directed toward
holding actions while we waited for
the end In Saigon."

He testiﬁed that even though
President Ford aitd Kissinger were
calling it absolutely right on the
South Vietnamese need for aid. in
the temper of the times this just
could not be enough to outweigh
political pressures on Congress.

r , " ‘ the I974 Trade Act making trade concessions with
Russia dependent on increased Jewish emigration from the Soviet l‘nion.
“My contacts with Soviet leaders and with American businessmen during the
past year have firmly convinced me that it is in our interest to find it tiny to
unblock these impediments to increased trade," Simon told the Scuttle
Finance Committee.

House Battles Ford on Spending Bills
WASHINGTON (AP) The House today overwhelmingly passed a Sh]
billion public works employment bill, setting up Congress‘ second spending
confrontation with President Ford this election year. The .lZI-to-Xt) vote
sending the measure to Ford for an expected vcto came only one day after
Congress oyerrodc his earlier veto of a $45 billion labor. health. education-
and-welfare appropriation. The vote on the public works bill was lat more
than the two-thirds required to override a veto. Backers of the hill suy ll
would create some 800,000 jobs.

AT at T Requests Now Rate increases
WASHINGTON (AP) American Telephone & Telegraph Co. filed with the
Federal Communications Commission Thursday new rates that would
increase charges for about two-thirds of out-of-state long distance calls.
Rates for other interstate calls would either remain the same or decrease Feb.
l2, if approved by the FCC, AT&T said. It estimated the changes will
increase an average resident customer's bill by about 10 cents a month, while
the average business customer’s bill will go up about $2 a month. The hilt?“
increases. as in recent years, would be for most operated assisted culls.

New York City Faces More Budget Cuts ’

WASHINGTON (AP) New York City Mayor Abraham Ileume null
Thursday President Ford's budget will slash SIAO million in federal funds
from the city's ﬁnances. Beame, during a meeting on Capitol Hill with
members ofthe state's congressional delegation, said the city is witlun |5per
cent of reaching a SI 16 million cut at this time to meet the gold of ii 5200
million budget cut this ﬁscal year. “In essence, we're on target." lit-HI"c Mild-

State Accused of Regressive Bargaining

ALBANYv N-Y- (AP) The Civil Service Employers Associntioll. respondllltl
to a charge that it has shown “remarkable inflexibility“ in its negotiations
With the state. accused the state Thursday of adopting a “I'Ctlr‘-'b5'V°"
bargaining I’Dﬂlure. The union, WhICh represents l47,000 stute ettipllllt‘t'
“’de “5 Charlie a day after the state’s top negotiator said the (SEN:
bargaining demands reflected “unrealistic attitudes and an unwillingness or
5“ 'm’biml’ ‘0 Rdlust to'tbe present environment.“

Widow Freezes to Death In Apartment

DUFFALO (AP) Homicide detectives said Thursday they are ittVesugnung
the death of an 82~year~old widow who died of exposure in her free/ing
apartment. leo J. Donovan. chief of the homicide sq uud, said idn Holden
was found dead in her apartment Monday night. four days tiller the heating
0" ll“Dilly ran out. An autopsyshowed she died of exposure and lllttl t rtnlh'l.c
of the hands and feet. “Right now." Donovan said, “what we're doing is
"Will ‘0 ﬁnd out what happened that this 82-year-old woman could die of
exposure in her own apartment."

I
JANUARY 30. 1‘976

 

 

 

 

SUNYA faculty has adopted an
attitude of watchful waiting as Presi-
dent Ftelds' Task Force on Priorities
and Resources conducts its in-
vestigations. By March I,
recommendations will have been
made, and Governor Carey‘s
proposed budget cuts will be
effected.

Twenty-seven faculty positions
lind 28 support positions are to be
tcrminttted, effective September I,
I976. Forty additional faculty lines
have been cut. effective nolaterthan
February 29, 1976.

Faculty speculation about the out-'-
comc ranges, though mostlyinterms
of pessimism. One major concern of
the SUNYA faculty was paraphras-
cd by Bruce Marsh, hcttd ofthe Un-
ited University Professors, He said,
“Naturally we feel that the cuts
should be made somewhere else."
Said Marsh, “The importance is not
to cripple the most important aspect
of the university—the teaching

aspect.”
At Monday’s University Senate.

meeting (ASP January 27), a'

professor asked Fields about ad-
ministrative cuts. of which there are
none. The answer purported this to
be due to the fact that the numbers
are mandated from the Division of
Budgets, leaving no room for choice.

Regardless, many faculty
members remain quiteincensed. One
professor vehemently articulated a
dominant trend of thought in saying.
“It seems sort of ridiculoustbatthere
are no administrative cuts. It is very
demoralizing to much of the faculty
that so much of the crap administra-
tion is left behind. It is responsible
for much of the mediocrity."

Another professor, wishing to re-
main anonymous. voiced an opinion
that certain incompetttnt deans who
have tenure, should be asked to
resign. If there were replacements for
them, no additional money would
have to be spent.

Marsh presented another problem

Gay Professor Fired

by Allan Rablnowltz (CPS)
Richard Aumillcr, until recently a
faculty member at the University of
Delaware, was gay. Everybody
knew it, no one made a big deal
about it. But when Aumillcr, direc-
tor of the university theatre, went
one step further and dared to speak
out publicly on the issue of
homosexuality. urging other guys to
“come out,“ the university ad-
ministration hild had enough.
Aumillcr‘s contract was not renew-
ed. Or in non-bureaucraticterms, he
was fired. The university made no
bones about its reasoning. Aumiller
was fired for expressing his opinion.
“The university is not challenging

the right of Mr. Aumiller to be a
homosexual,“ said University Presi-
dent E.A. Trabttnt, “but his ud-
vocacy of homosexuality is inup«
propriate for the university un-
dergraduate campus. I resent having
to read about the bedroom activities
of an individual on the faculty."
“Freedom” Not Involved

'l‘rttbunt sees no question of
academic freedom involved. “One
can lecture on homosexuality—it
can be debated, but its president of
the University, I cannot permit ac-
tivities which indicate the university
is advocating and advising un-
dergraduate students participate in it
and adopt the lifestyle."

Wellington Hotel Rip-Off

rrmll‘mu'rlfmm page one

were left open from morning until
night in order to allow easy access to
the rooms for the "four or five con-
tractors" hired to do work at the
hotel. These workers completed beat
detection devices in each room.
l-lavekost saidthut surveillance ofttll
the workers was impossible, and was
never ttltcmpicd.

Despite the fact that curly arrivals
immediately reported thefts to
IIttvekosl on .lliillllll‘y IS, the police
were not notified tmtil thrcc dttys
IlilUl' when students themselves
culled.

Residence Director Fred Litt sttid
be delayed calling the police utttil all
students could report the thefts ttnd
tltetclot -: present ll thorough report.
An investigation is currently uttdcr
wiry.

Concerned students sought tllc
advice of legal counsel on .Iiiilulll‘y
l9. Lawyers advised them that
heenusc SUNYA is responsible for
the Wellington Student Annex.
l‘rcsitlent Fields should be notified.
A letter was sent ltitn on January 20
uthising hint of the situation and
soliciting his nid.

.loe Scoring. Director of Oil—
(‘untpus Ilousing. was upset that tile
students went over other people's
bends in sending the letter to Presi-
dent Fields. He indicated llliil
SUNYA \vtts ttot tit ttll responsible
for the Wellington Student Annex
and that the University would take
no part intltc proceedings. “Speak to
(icrsowill. he‘s the bend mun." he
said.

Reuben

JANUARY 30, 1976

(icrsowitr, General

Manager of the Hotel Wellington
was appointed this summer by the
city. When Gersowitz saw the letter
to Fields, which students had posted
in the elevator. he demanded to see
the authors of the letter.

(icrsowitz dismissed the incident
as trivial and didn‘t think it
necessitated the inclusion of Fields.
Contradictory to what lawyers had
said. Mr. Gersowltz clttimcd that
“the Wellington Hotel is not respon-
sible to SUNYA.“ Accordingto (icr-
sowitz the letter served no purpose
but to “ttgilttte the students. . .
There is an investigation going on,"
he said.

Grace I'crlod

There have been meetings between
l)r. Welly. Director of Housing. Mr.
Scaring, (icrsowitl. I.itt. und
Albnny detectives.

In a dorm meeting, Litt reported
that the management had requested
it twu week grace period until
l‘ebrttttry .l, l-lttvckost said that
settlements may begin within two
weeks. bttt declined to soy who
would be milking these settlements.
lluvckost bud previously main-
tained that tile hoth was not insured
for thefts and would iltll take respon-
sibility.

Regardless of who makes the
settlements. it has been hinted that
payments may only cover hull of the
value of stolen items.

Several student feel that the
management brcucltcd their cott-
tract. They feel llltil the hotel per-
sonnel are guilty of negligence lltld
do not dismiss the possibility oi'tt Iitw
stilt.

haw ownth‘udaet i?‘

by Linda Fried

with the investigations. Due to the
lack of time, the Task Force is rely-
ing heavily on administrative infor-
mation. There is concern that‘there is
not the same type of evaluation of
the administration as thereis f orthe
faculty.

One University Senate member
revealed procedures the Task Force
is tttkingto promote objectivity. Ac-
cording to this member, each time a
program is discussed, if a committee
member is involved with the
program, he will withdraw from the
proceedings.

Marsh also remarked that it is not
clear thtrt the 003‘s mandated cuts
are necessary. There are, be con-
tinued, unoccupied lines that could
be turned in.

Another question raised at Mon-
day‘s meeting, was whether the Task
Force accurately represents the true
scholars of the university. General
concensus shows uncertainty about
the Force‘s representation of the

continued on page four

  

    

   
    
   
   

 
 
       
     
     
      
     
     
     
      
      
        
     
   

“amt .s. It ..

 
 

Professor Bruce Marsh, president of United University Professors:

   

 

"Naturally we feel that the cuts should be made somewhere else.”

Inefficient Exit Control Causes Library
Book Theft Solutions To Be Sought

by Susan E. Miller

“The library has received a letter
about tltc inefficiency ofcxit control
From this date all books are to be
checked, all bags, bricfcttses, etc.
Any strident found not thoroughly
checking every patron who exits will
be Iermt’nrlled." This memo, sent to
all circulation desk employees,
reveals the exit control and security
problem facing the SUNYAIibrary.

Theft of materials has plagued the
SUNYA library since its inception.
Although statistics were not
available, it is common knowledge
that theft continually occurs.

Lack of securityis cited by most as
the reason for the persistent
problem. Presently, the security
measures are virtually ineffective.
One person is stationed at the main
entrance and is responsible for in-
specting’ ull knapsacks, pocket-

books, briefcascs, etc. for library
books. If a book is overdue or not
properly cltcckcd out, the person is
asked to sign the book out at the
main desk.

The main concern of the library

This student is borrowing a book—permanently. Administrative

stuff is to keep the materials within
the library. One employee said, "Ifl
caught someone removing books I
would let them know they were steal-
ing but i wouldn‘t bring themto my
supervisor." This is the general at-
titude of library employees.

Several schools have come up with
a viable solution to the library theft
problem Cortland is one of the
SUNY schools that employs the 3M
security system.

All library materials are sen-
sitized. They are mechanically deac-
tivated when the materials are cheek-
ed out and rcsensitized when they are
returned. If someone attempts to
remove materials that are not
properly dcactiviatcd, a gate
automatically locks and a bell is
sounded.

Len Coltcn, Head of Render Ser-
vices ut Cortland said that initially
“many students resented the Big
Brother image, however, they realiz-
cd it is better than having someone
go through their personal
belongings.“

Cohen stressed that library

 

Iacobs

Servicesihinksnow security system will prevent such dastardly deeds.

ALBANY STL DENT PRESS

employees are not police ofﬁcers and
when a student is caught. "no
questions are asked." He added.
“The system keeps the honest people
honest and the materials where they
belong."

The system cost about $15,000 to
install and carries an on-going cost
of sensitizing books and other
materials. It was installed in
September I974 withthc completion
of the new library.

Loss of materials at Cortland
library has been substantially reduc-
cd. In a recent study comparing two
six-month periods, the number of
stolen periodicals dropped from 51
issues to 4 issues.

Doors Not Secure

When asked why SUNYA has not
implemented a system similar to
Cortland's, William Snyder, Head of
Administrative Services, explained:
“Before any book detection system
can be installed, all of the outer
doors must be secured." He said the
campus maintenance staffis current-
ly in the process of designing and
building it system to secure all ofthe
library's outer doors.

The system is similar to the one
used by the University of Guelph in
Ontario. Canada. All ofthe exits will
bcticd intotbeﬁrc alarm system. If
any of the doors are opened. ti glass
rod will be broken. This will activate
the fire alarm. The entire building
will have to be evacuated us, ttccor-
ding to Snyder. “We will have no
way of knowing what triggered the
alarm. We‘ll have to ussumelhcrc’s a
fire in the building."

Signs will be placed ttcnrthc doors
indicating that the exits are for
emergency use only. According to
tile information received from the
University of Guelph, this system
should be most effective.

Tying tbc exits into the ﬁre alarm
system is Phase I of it two part plan.
The second step will be to install the
3M hook dctcctiott system.
Although the recommendation has
received campus approval, the final
outcome depends on the SUNY
budget.

Snyder hopes to have the outer
doors secured sortie time this
semester. Asked when the book
detection system will be installed.
Sttydcr said. "I can't speculate as the
'SUNYA budget is part ofthe state‘s
operations.

PAGE THREE

   

r

“W ' ma.~4, Hpsf2- -147. no

         
       
   
       
       
         
       
    
          
       
        

.. ....»:,..; ... 

 

fiat—«:v 

<— ‘vwr: u «n- a?

