 
  

   
       
      
     
    
 
  

 

"fight or switch? "

To the Fallon:

Adaptable SUNYA Students (ASS) is a
recently founded student organization on
whose purpose is to work as a liason between
the Administration and the student body of
SUNYA; We feel that the recently published
Task Force Report represents a rtew and int-

_ port-tit set'of priorities and diretnions for our

school. Prior to the publication of the report it
was superﬁcial activities as teaching and
research. but it was the wise thinking of the
Task Force which bring to light the true
priorities of SUNYA. the activities of the ad-
ministrative sector of the university.

ASS feels that rather than ﬁght the in-
novations which the more experienced
members of the university community wish to
introduce. we as students should be more
reasonable and openly accept those changed
with the spirit of kinship and adapdability
which makes our university what it is today.
ASS wished to aid and assist the administra-
tion in its struggle for recognition as well as to
play an integral part inthe practical applica-
tion of the task force's decisions.

ASS feels that fundamental tothe success of
the university is the replacement of obsolete
“knowledge increasing” and “knowledge im-
parting“ with more vital administrative ser-
vices. Because student participation would in-
crease the success of such services. we feelthat
courses of instruction should be offered which
will facilitate easy adaptation to the new stan~
dard. Such courses as lntroductionto Gradua
ting. or Elementary Phone Answering. or Ad-
vanced Reception. or possible even graduate
work in Classroom cleaning and maintenance
would be living examples of the spirit of the
university.

Quick adoption of the new directives ofthc
school would eliminate gross wastes of time.
money. and valuable services. Therefore ASS
will direct its energies to the facilitating of
these new programs for SUNYA.

Apology should be made at this point for
any vagueness or superflouity in this docu-
ment. but with the elimination of Com-
parative Literature and the reduction of the
English department. acquiring writing skills
necessary for such activities is much more dif-
ﬁcult nowthat we are implementing more vital
proyams.

Marc Leve

promoting education

To the Editor:

Some of our undergraduate programs have
either been eliminated or have deteriorated
badly. Among a number of examples. I men-
tion live. Closing of the Milne School cut
down any real practical aspect of the methods
courses of the School of Education and
eliminated what was once a line student
teaching program. Liquidation of the Allen
Center will stop any tenured professor who is
of sound mind from getting involved in any
all-university undergraduate curricular ex-
periments for a long time. Talk of the demise
of the school of nursing puzzles people. in-
cluding nurses who write letters to the
Knickerbocker News to point out that there is
an increasing demand for graduates of four-
year programs. A close look at professors‘
records who have not received tenure or
promotion recently will show a number who
received as part of their recommendation high
ratings as teachers from both students and
colleagues. A recent recommendation that
graduate programs need more professors with
higher national prestige could mean that on
dergraduates would be taught more and more
by the temporary. the inexperienced. and the
mediocre.

if the situation is as deplorable assome of us
feel. what can be done? First. as has been
pointed out. we can simply agree publiclythat
graduate programs are ﬁrst. and then clearly

PAGE TWELVE

 

ease

' students and parents who f they want a good

-- under; duate education for their,clildren,

can sdvrae‘ them to regimen. A student

like Williams when all full professors. a
number with fine national reputation. teach
undergraduates. There are. of course. good
undergraduate colleges in the SUNY system.
However. if we think that undergraduate
education here is important. we should

organize a group to present our concerns to

the administration. Such a group might con-

= tain not onlytenuredfaculty but alsostudents.

parents. and alumni who have proﬁted from
the fine undergraduate education which they
received. We should consider. too. doing
something new and exciting with our graduate
programs, eliminating some traditional re-
quirements. developing more interdisciplinary
co-operation (as we have in some programs),
and encouraging some of our undergraduates
to stay with us for more than the time needed
for the undergraduate degree.
James Cochranc
Professor of Education
(appointed to faculty I941)

more SAnd piles

To the Editor:

In addition tothe Albany Student Press. the
Off-campus Student Guide and the Tower
Tribune. SUNYA has a new SA publication
entitled “out of the SAndbox.” It seemsironic
that while our system is facing vast cuts and
student groups are preparing to go before
budget committees. our student leaders can
preoccupy themselves with the endeavor.

The publication (it cannot be dignified by
the term newsletter or newspaper) seems to
duplicate many of the functions of the ASP.
while heavily emphasizing SA activities.
SAndbox seems to be nothing more than a
propaganda sheet which allow student
leaders to give their own slant onSAactivities.

“SA obviously feels the ASI’ is denying them

suitable coverage.

This became obvious with Rick Mccklcr‘s
recent letter to the editor. He felt the ASI'had
distorted the importance of a missing $200.
The story only highlighted the failure of SA to
provide effective leadership on issues of
greater magnitude. In addition. Mcckler ac-
cused the ASI’ of too great a concern with
journalism. That‘s interesting. Journalism has
its roots in uncovering the truth. Could this
mean Mccklcr would like less accuracy in the
ASP and its coverage of SA‘.’

ThcASPhas come under Mecklcr‘s guns for
carrying too little SA and campus news.
However, there is an entire community here at
SUNYA interested in all that the ASPoffers:
from sports to arts to news'v- worldwide.
nationwide and universitywidc. The ASP is
not without fault but it does deal with thecon-
ccrns of students on a broad scale. To narrow
this range would further damage the college
student‘s already distorted perception of the
world outside this school.

In my opinion.SAndboxis a reﬂection of
SA‘s inability to deal with its inadequacies.
ASP has nothing to gain by being critical of
SA. it must be remembered that ASP is stu-
dent funded also. A student cannot help but
surmise that SAndbox represents SA‘s
willingness to spend our monies on a futile
attempt to portray themselves more kindly.

Ann McLeod

reciting
residents’
rights

To the Editor:

I wish to add my voice in support ofthc Ten
Eyck Liberation Army (ASP Feb. 24).

This campaign against the imperialist un-
iversity housing authority is of a provoked
nature. Residents living in Ten Eyck were not
aware of the inconveniences. nay. atrocities
which would be committed against them when
they signed to live in the dorm. In particular.
the imperialist attitude exhibited in the com-
mandcering of the Ten Eyke study room

with high SAT.I a very highset of grades. and r
~ a good deal of money can go to curtail college

 

ball with a working television set' also shows

significant compared to theplacement of an

ofﬁce an mirneogrsph room (currently, cc?
copying that space). The failure to provide the

 

the lack ‘of concern shown to'th‘e dorm (ex-

cluding the ofﬁces) by the university. ’
Although independence from the quad, un-
iversity. and state is a bit extreme, I believe the
ultimate goal of the TELA to be the reinstitu-
tion of our rights as residents of Ten Eyck, and
I wholeheartedly endorse and support the
TELA in this endeavor.
r ' Mr. Ten Eyck

superficial Survey

To the Editor:

In the last issue ofthc ASPbcfore vacation.
an article appeared concerning an off campus
housing survey. It was conducted bythe Office
of Residences (specifically the Off Campus
Housing Ofﬁce) "in an effort to obtain infor-
mation on where students are living and what
problems they are iucingin locating housing.“

Yet the summary‘s recommendations don‘t
deal with off campus housing at all. Rather
they call for “anincreased effort in makingin-
formation available to students about finan-
cial aid and part-time work." All well and
good. but where's the connection with dealing
with the immediate concerns of off campus
students. The survey is practically useless. It
doesn't tell where anyone can find housing or
what that housing is like. Someone might be
pleased to know that they are the typical off
campus students. but there are no benefits
derived.

What's the solution? The Off Campus
Association (a SA funded group) is currently
conducting their own housing survey. which
can be picked up at the Campus Center Infor-
mation Desk. This survey is radicallydiffcrcnt
in that it‘s solely being utilized for the benefit
of anyone wishing to find a place to live off
campus.

What‘s the difference? The information
gathered will be available for anyone and
everyone to make use of. Information
available will be the location of each dwelling;
whether a lease and/or a security deposit are
required; how much is the rent; are utilities in-
cludcd. and if not. how much are they: corn-
mcnts onthc landlord/tenant relutionshipand
the landlord‘s maintenance of the dwelling.

'I'hcre are also items eliciting whetlter the
occupants will continue to livein the dwelling.
and if not. whethcrthcy would recommend the
dwelling to be occupied by others.

Here's a good tool for use in locating
apartments for next year and how to evaluate
that housing. And you‘ll be able to discover
what landlords own whul housinginthcarcu.

And while We noticed mention of the Guide
to OffC‘mnpur Lt'vingin that article. it should
be mentioned that these Guides were prepared
and published by the Off Campus Associa-
tion. These Guides contain useful and impor-
tant information pertainingto t he problems as
well as the benefits affecting those people liv-
ing in the community.

This information includes: Housingﬂeases.
landlords. deposits. insurance. housing codes.
eviction. etc). Legal and Health Services
(Legal Aid Society. S.A. Lawyer. consumer
information & protection. a guide to Small
Claims Court. Medicaid. prescription drugs.
on campus health facilities. and health clinics
in the Albany area). and Transportation Ser-
vices & Daycare Centers.

Later this month another Guide will be
published detailing the preparation in moving
off campus (how to go about looking for and
evaluating housing. choosing roommates.
dealing with utilities. etc.). Copies of these
Guides may be obtained in the Student Life of-
fice. CCl30.

Other projects the Off Campus Association
is involved with are: Information Sessions
(such as Food Stamps. N.Y. Telephone.
Medicaid. etc. dc on Wednesday. March I?
there will be a representative from the Albany
Housing Code Enforcement Bureau from it
to | in the Patroon l.oungc).the formation of
an Off Campus Student Lounge (located
between Billiards and Check Cashing).
rcinstituting the Housing Board. as well ilti

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

* conducting surveys to help students cope

lifefin‘ the Albany community. r _,

To involve-others that‘are interested in the
above topics. the Off Campus Association is
holding-interest meetings on Wednesday.

 March l7. at 3:00 and 7:00. and on Thursday,

     

 

March Is. at 4:00 in the Off Campus Student
Lounge. ‘

 

Sandy Volt
Co-Director.
Off Campus Association

nursing
our
priorities '

To the Editor:

Wednesday afternoon the Budget Com-
mittee of the New York State Legislature met
to hearthe proposed SUNY budget fortbe 76
77 semester. The only matter of importance it
seemed. was the fate of SUNYA‘s nursing
program. And it was rightlyso. Assemblyman
Landes in questioning members ofSUNY cen-
tral said that the cuts should not "calculate
public fear“ and show “a lack of sensativity“.
The nursing program is the only un-
dergraduate at Albany where you are virtually
a “Professional” when you get your degree.
Last year l00% of the nursing graduates
received jobs. How‘s that for effectiveness.
Though the program will be phased out in-
stead of cut. this year‘s freshman nursingclass
will be out in the cold. When you are accepted
to Albany. you are accepted to the nursing
program. and this school should obligatetheir
part of the bargain; that is to graduate these
people with nursing degrees also.
Assemblyman landes said that the freshman
nursing students will be deceived if they are
not graduated. “they entered a program in
good faith and the intistution should not
deceive them."

What perturbed me also was the fact the
Chancellor Boyer did not have the guts to
show and meet the nurses head on. Instead he
sent some of those “administrator‘s ad-
ministrators. In a rough estimate by Professor
Bernard .lolrnpoll. the self proclaimed un-
tibcnuracrut. calculated that the ad-
ministrative costs of SUNYA could possibly
run as high as 35%. Their fringe benefits are
not even added to the budget. I feel these ud-
minislrators add nothing to education. It is
also rumored that maintenance costs at this
school could run as high as 20% of the total
budget. I feel budget. 'l‘hat leuvesthe student
with 45% ofthctotal. Instead of nxingthc nur-
sing program let‘s remove some ud-
ministralivc positions. I wouldn‘t know who
the dean of Humanities was if I walked over
him.

Asscmblyman Ixtndcsusked for the creation
of a committee to sttrdythe possibility of mak-
ing the SUNYA nursing program an excep-
tion to the axe. but Chancellor lloyer's
representative sind that there was no chance.
Up unitl now Chancellor Iloycr has not made
a concerted effort to meet with our nursing
students. I think he owes them that courtesy.
considering they are the most productive
school in SUNYA as far as thcjob market
goes.

Though Harvard University has a60%total
graduate enrollment. their per student budget
comes out to approximately 4.|00 per one.
ours is about 5.300 per one. but how much do
we actually get out of that?

I think its about time that SUNYA central
rc-evaluated its priorities. It is completely
assmrne to remove such a successful prora'am
as the nursing one here at SUNYA.

Joseph Caliero

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sole right to prim or edit letters to the
fdltZ‘ZISubtpi; letters. TYPEWRI'ITEN.
o: tora u es Elit .

dent Press. Cng29 ‘ or Alb-n sw-

. I400 Washington
Avenue. Albany. N Y 12222. The ASP
will not publlsh unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember.-

'Brevit y Is the" saul of wit.’

 

MARCH 16. 1976

 

[secretary of state who has achieved peace ought to be complimented instead of

President Gerald Ford.

‘ commenting on Ronald Reagents promise, it elet'led. toﬂre Henr r Kissinger.

"THOSE WATCHPOGS NEED SOME

SEEING-EYE PEOPLE"

  

  

 

 

 

l‘
r;
=1.

Recently a column appeared here on Nix~
rm‘s trip to China. In what wrtssupposcdlobc
a scholarly. analytical article. th' author made
several undocumented comments about the
government ofthc People‘s Republic of China
which we feel constitute slander. The author
claimed that “Richard Nixon was a lender in
the finest tradition of what the Chinese con—
sider politics. That is. one cuts down any on-
dcrling or competitor forlhc purpose of main—
tainingrrodenhuncingpowcr. . .Nixondidn‘l
kill pcopleintbe millionslike (‘hou lin-lal did.
but he certainly cut down. in a figurative sense.
anyone who challenged him." Regarding the
lirst part ofthis claim. we feel nothing could be
further from the truth. And the second purl is
entirely groundless; we would be happy il the
author could cxplainjusl who thcsc“rnllllons"
are that Chou Err-lui supposedly killed.
Rather than relying on unfounded nonsense.
we feel the author should take a look ul some
of the facts. which we will present here.

Firstly. it isn‘t even necessary to consult
communist journals or sympathetic sources
almost all analyses of China's government.
whether mode by liberal or consenutivc “ob-
jcctivc“ researchers. show beyond a shadow of
a doubt. that the Chinese Communist Party.
under the leadership of Chairman Mao. crime
l0 power in China not through "Watergate-
lype“ means (i.e.. wiretapping. briberY.
burglary). but throughthe active participation
ofthc hundreds of millions ofChincse people.
The current campaign in China to criticize
"capitalist-rouders“ is an example of this some
active. mass participation. and. one of the
means by which this is achieved. the use of
“character posters“. is strongly reminiscent of
one of the most mass democratic actions in
history. the Great Proletariun Cultural
Revolution. When the Chinese people grow
weary of the cryptocupltalist policies of Liu
Shoo-chi. then China‘s President (in 1966).

Hi 1 t. (.t.. .ruu. 1..

r by Tom Sherbenko

they stood up and critici/cd him for this.
demanding his rcruorul ltom olficc. which was
uchrewd.

A \llllliill' crcnl occurred sc\t:t:tl years later.
Aircr'the nrnlrcrous plnns ol l.rn l’rno wcrc
rc\crrlcd (not only plotting to kill Chairman
Mao and sci/c power. but also mule
Cllllln‘llllsllll. the Chinese people stood upuud
critici/cd hls memory (|.ru had been killed
\tlrcu the piano he was attempting to escape in
crushed m ()utcr Mongolia) in a campaign
that lcd lo a lug step forward in the women's
liberation movcmcut In China. In lhrs cam-
puigu. us today. lhc “clrrrruclcr posters" were
used its a rucdium to demonstrate public opr-
uirm. It Is this dynamic force which keeps the
('hiucsc Communist Party In |10\\L'l'. not the
undemocratic menus that hate been
suggested. ‘

Sltlndcrs like the krnd mode m the previous
nrtlclc are not unusual or our country. which
still I‘cluscs to have diplomatic relations with
llrc People‘s Repuber of China. and insists on
kccpurg :rn numcnsc military force on what
(icucl'nl MacArthur once described as that
"unsrnknblc battleship." the prmirrcc of
lnrwuu. ()nc ol the goals of our organi/ution
rs ro gcr rid of misconceptions and deliberate
slundcrs about China. What the author of this
prcuous artrclc has done is to concoct a huge
lubrication on popular misconceptrons and
Irrlschoods. Several years ago an American
reporter. l‘clix (irccnc. researched many of
the sluudcrs spread about China ml the
American media and compiled them In a
book. A (‘urtur‘n of Ignorance, which is
available in our library. Our association urges
that Americans look beyond empty. un-
founded statements and exrtrnincthctruth ofa
truly great country. China.

1an Sharbcnko is the Chairman of the
SUN YA US China Friendship Assm‘t'atton.

.Lrllrl.'.'l ...’l.tl.tl. l .‘r l-l. ttltl.‘r

 

 

DemonstratehDrltgently . . . ,
Today thousands of SUNY students are marching to the steps of the Capitol. where
they will rally in protest of the State University budget cuts. Students ard being bused in ’
from all parts of New York State to participate in the demonstration. Supposedly. they
arejoining forces to ﬁght for a common cause—higher education. It is crucial that they
keep this in mind. '

For those involved. the value of today‘s demonstration should lie not with the
demonstration itself. but with the change it seeks to affect. They musn't confuse the
means with the ends. '

Often. people become too caught .up in the spirit of protest. loosing sight of its
purpose. A longing to bring back the visible. radical movements of the sixties is no
reason for picking up a placard. waving a banner. or mouthing off into a megaphone.
Purpose.after all. is what brings them together. not nostalgia.

When a demonstration evolves into a forum for name-calling and the espousing of
unconditional demands. it loses its integrity. and thus. its potential worth. A
demonstration must find its impetus in critical thought and sensible argumentation.

Today‘s demonstration presents SUNY students with a well-deserved opportunity
to voice their dissatisfaction with the nature and extent ofthc cuts made from the State
University budget. They must. however. keep in mind that the entire state is suffering
from this fiscal crisis.

. . . See The Whole Picture

Cutbacks in various other state departments will leave many factions dissatisﬁed.
They too will protest and make demands of Governor Carey and the legislature. To
disregard their needs is selfish and narrow-minded.

What the demonstrators must demand is a careful re-cvaluation of the state‘s
financial situation. They must demand that their arguments be heard—but not that
others be neglected. Hopefully. if the case for higher education is a strong one.
legislators will be swayed to cast their votes for its cause in the preparation ofthc
supplemental budget late in the legislative session.

The final committee recommendations on Carey‘s budget do provide a note of
optimism. even though an additional 544.200 was sliced from SUN YA's appropriation
in the areas of Foreign Student Advisement and Public Relations. The State University
system as a whole received an increased appropriation of 3.l million dollars. Ofthis
increase. about one million dollars will come directly from the state. leaving 2.| million
to be made up in increased income.

'l he demonstrators must carefully choose the signs they carry and the slogans they
sllrrlll. A sell-centered approach to the problem will only turn people away from the
cause they represent. And if SUNY students. faculty. and administrators can‘t

convincingly represent their own cruise. who can‘.’

 

é . sou

MAS TIIEA I) STA I’ F

'Tl:I'IlI'..N‘ Dzrnxsxa

 
    

linrron 1N t'ntsr ...... ..
MANAGING sorron
Nr.w.s rmrtut .... ..

 
 
 

 llra'rrv STEIN
'Mvn) WINZI-ZLllhitG
.Anuruax llrstm rm. Cvurrux HACINLI

   
     
 
 
 
     
    
 
   

 

.. : . r.nrrtnt..
Associate Nr1ws rnr'rons.
l'rtonur'rron MANAOMI .......... ..
Assocurs Pittmllc'llms' MANM as
Entrontxr. moss rrnron.....
Ants 8/. rrix'rrrttur muons
SPORTS runon .............. ..
Assocrx'n: spouts rznnott
Athittllthti MANAGIJIS ....... ..
Assot'txrt ADVERTISING MAN/t
('t.xssmt:o~t.axrrt'rttumour .... ..
IlllblNle MANAGER ...................... ..

J:
p:
Z
55
>
.r
i
z.
>
.r
5
E
4-

.NMlMI FRIIEI)I..\.\'I)I2It. S .

...... ..N,\rttAN SALAN'I

.. Mn'nxtit. I’IISKARSKI

.. JrJutr Alllltlat‘IIT. I. ZUCKIERMAN

LISA Brunoo

IiNNETIl Cosh

.Dxnrsr. O’CONNoa
____.___.——

wittlt‘lultt managing t’lllltll‘.‘ Phil Moltcr

.Il.l’. tmd Zodiac Nr'trr managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Slit/Turners; CS. Srrnlino. Susan Miller

l'rt't’lt'lt'.’ Jnycc licigenbnum

Mil/mg urrountunt: Susan Dolores

(uni/mutton managers: Ellen Iloiscu. Patrick Mr:(ilyun

Arristrtnt to the editor: lEllcn Weiss

Atrium” to the editorial pugt's' editor: Stephen I’arncss

lluur/ I_|'[)t.rt: Leslie Eisenstein ‘

I'rmlm-tt'on: Janet Adler. Putty Alrern. Sarah Blumcnstock. Carol Burger. Juan Ellsworth. Judr

lleuncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Kurttmun. Kathy Lam. Marc Leve. Tanirr Levy. Michele Lipton.

Rich Mermelstein. Junet Meunicr. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silvcrblatt

Graphics manager: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager.- Helcne Lustgartcn

Adnrlrulratr've assistant: Jerelyn Kaye

Advertising production: Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kits. Brian Cahill. Anne Wren

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of CsmeraClub

The Albany Student Press Ir publlsltsd ever y Tuesday and Frlday during the school year extent
holidays. Editorial pollt'y t': the rcspotut'billty of the Editor in Chlefandsubjerl to review by the
Masthead Suﬁ. Main ofﬁce: CC 129,- telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Annotation. Add-
ress mail to: Albany Student Press. CC 129. [400 Washington Avenue. Albany. N Y I2222.

 

 

 

l.‘ .. Ll" .. .ir:.‘.-.‘l

 

 

    
   

    
 
    
    

 

 

