 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to.» uni.» <.~..»mx«m.m,».u....s<...m.., . ,

 Crime, ~

 
      
 
 

 (is §

is Rope

by Cindy Kline '

The typical rape scene as presented by the
media and written about in books portraysthe
victim as a young beautiful woman dressed in
provocative clothing walking alone on a dark
abandoned street. The rapist. usually labeled
‘siekie‘. sex-starved. pervert. or maniac. is
lurking in the bushes. conveniently waiting for
his next victim. These scenes. although effec-
tively combining the two real elements.
violence and sex. are mythical creations. A
more realistic way rapes happen is presented
in the book riguilit‘l rape by Andrea Medeo
and Kathleen Thompson.

Tlte woman is 39. separated from lter hus-
band. the mother of five children. Anattacker
breaks into her house in the middle of the
night. He turns out to be a friend‘s husbattd.

' the father of several children.

The woman who was raped was notdresscd
in provocative attire. ‘asking for itf. as most
people would believe. Children as youngas six
months and women as old as 80 have been
raped or molested. No woman is safe fromthe
threat of rape.

Rape is not limited to dark streets and bad
neighborhoods. More rapes occur inside than
outside: inside apartments. dormitories. of-
ﬁces. garages, and cars.

Rape is not a sickness. a deviation from the

:tl'in'or'dinary

h‘avior. The ordinary rd of
in He is expressing. not‘se

_ ual‘desire. butall the hatred. contempt. and

‘ oppression of. syn _ _ n in this societyin one act.
_ “If. to ordinary men a Woman is not a human I
' . being but is a’ pieceof ass. a box. slay. scent. a

hippie chick or a whore. then the Ordinary
man is a potential rapist." (Against Rape)

Women must realize the constant threat of
physical violence is with them no matter where
they go. They must learn the rapist can be the
landlord. the next door neighbor. a friend‘s
father or brother. a date. the boss or a
professor. 75% of all rapes arecommitted bya
man known to the victim. 71% of all rapes are
planned and I 25-33% are committed by
married men; they are not results of uncon-
trollable sex drives.

Rape is a crime of violence. a crime against
women. We must reduce it from the dark evil
prospect we read about in novels so women
can deal with it seriously. We must change our
conception of rape to include “any sexual in-
timacy forced on one person by another.“
When a woman‘s date makes constant sexual
demands on her and she must constantly
refuse. that is rape. When construction men
whistle and yell derogatory remarks at women
walking past their site. that is rape. When a
man sits near you onthc husand asks personal
questions after yott ask him to move. that is
rape. In all these cases the men were not con-
cerned for the womens‘ feelings. They were
attempting to degrade attd humiliate them.

Many women do not realire or admit that
rape or the threat of rape is aconstant part of
their lives. They continue to believe rape will
or does not happen tothetn. To pretend it only
happens to women who are inthc wrong place
at the wrong time. to think rape is an isolated
act committed by a pervert. to hide all the facts
is to ensure that more women will be raped
and more men will get away with it. To ignore
the problem is to do nothing about it. “Only
when we begin to understand rape can we figltt
it. and fight it We must." (Against Rape)

 
  

‘ empire. .‘ .a monument to vanity and arrogance.

about past mistakes. New mar

ﬁve

0n the Concorde:
The Concorde ﬁasco is a vaingiorious exercise i

"us" Opinion

n reliving the heady days of our long-Iostl
Don‘t think the Concorde represents the
future. It embodies the past. * '
- '—Daily error. London. England (independent).

ked withthis aircraft and there is no point now in worrying
kets must be found and overseas opposition must be
. .lt looks as if American economic realism may rise to the occasion.
—Gla.rgow Herald. Scotland (independent).

class technical achievement for Britain and France[but]. . .Coneorde is
. .Britain. . .ought to be careful to invest in technologythat will

Britain‘s future has become lin
overcome. .

This aircraft is afirst-
not going to make money. .
make her richer. not poorer.

> «Daily Telegraph. London. England (conservative).
0n dctente:

Kissinger has not concealed the opposition he faces in Congress. . . .The question other
countries are asking is "Who speaks for the U.S. Government?“
~»Svum'ku Daghlmlr'r. Stockholm. Sweden (conservative).

Brezhnev has observed a (ieraltl Ford virtually paralyzed by the U.S. clectiott campaign and
immobilircd by the intransigeuce of Congress. which no longer says anything but "no" to the
executive initiatives. . .us it has dotte on the Angola question. . .Ilecause of the attitude ol
Congress. Kissinger was forctloomed to humiliation in Moscow. . . .‘I‘lte almost total vacuum
itt Washington gives the U.S.S.R. a worldwide advantage.

I.‘.Alururr'. Paris. I’runce (conservative).

is being brought daily under
.seems unlikelylorthe

Ddtenle in built its varieties East-West and southern Alrica
greaterthreat bytlte figlttingin Angola. . . .A new SAlII'agreement. .
time being. . . .Mr. Brenhner can manage without it [and]. . .I’resident Ford during his
election campaign will be happier without it. . . .lt marks a big rcvcrsein East-Westdiplomacy
that an agreement with the Russians is ottce again sontethiug Western statesmen would prefer
not to flaunt.

-~ The Guardian. Manchester. England (liberal).

As was the case in l972. the Soviets again tnade use of delaying tactics to ensure that the
critical SALT round will take place in the last months before the U.S. Presidentialelections.
~-Hcin7 Ilarth. Dit' Well. Bonn. Germany (conservative).

The Kissinger-Brezhnev talks are not only a failure. but a shameful disappointment in that
they did not produce an Angqu solution. . . .The lesson is: African problcmsshould not he left
to outside powers. however mighty.

r The Narimt.Nairohi. Kenya (independent).
‘5‘ I976 Atlas World Press Review

 

‘ WANTED
WANTED

Wm

Student Bus Drivers

 

par! rim, mid low:
also: two lioonu required
Apply at Motor Pool. so 19

between 7 on: and 3 on
(Jack Olson)

University ConcertBoard.
presents

989353 ﬁfﬂfﬂﬁﬂﬁillﬂfﬂ
7.

AT
THE
PALACE

with

DAVID
SANCIOUS

 

FRIDAY, FEB.6
8:00 pm

tickets on sale now!!!

TICKETS: $3.50 w/sa TAX CARD
$6.00 General Public

Bus tickets will be available Feb 2-6 in the contact office

TICKETS ALSO ON SALE AT THE PALACE

«who

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 3, 1976

-"urno----
———_—.I

    
 

Albany‘s Carla London-n exhibits her coordination on the balance boom lnl M m
not w '
The University of Vermont came out on top with Albany placing socazuﬂmgw.h

Women Gymnasts Second In Triangular

continued front page Iwenly

the balance beam. leaving Carla
Landsman 4th with 5.55 points for
her well executed routine. save two
falls.

Wrestling:

The fourth and final event. Iloor
exercise. is the most appealingtothe
eye. equipped with unity and atouch
of choreography. UVM‘s Janet
Lynch executed an extraordinary

No Cooperation, No Coverage

Because of the complete and
season-long lack of cooperation on
the part of the varsity wrestling
coach. the Albany Student Press
regrets that it has become necessary
to suspend its coverage ofthat inter-
collegiate activity.

Most unfortunate

It is most unfortunate that certain

figures in sports believe that the

media exist only for their benefit.
When a coach repeatedly stands up
reporters and broadcasters. treats
them like slaves to be summoned at
will. and then Itasihe audaciton not
show up at meetings of his cltosiug.
actions. Icgrclfully. tnust be taken

()ttr deepest apologies to the
wrestlers themselves and best wishes
in their Iittal matches.

routine which earned the Vermont
team ll.l5 points and first place.

Carla Landsman. “the only one
really hit her routine.“ according to
('obane. scored an illuminating 7.35
points. placing Albany in 2nd place.
The New England teamthcn went on
to capture the remaining place
posltlotts.

“We didn‘t do as well as we hoped
to do." said Cobane. “I think the
scratching of Cathy Caperna. due to
minor injuries. threw the team of ."

The gym nasts‘ next meet will be at
Cortland Saturday. at 10:00 am.
__—____

Want to talk it over?

Call Middle Earth 457-5300

24 Hours a Day

 

 

Contact

 

FEBRUARY 3, 1976

THE SIINYA JAE 306]!”

is bolting for a

 

for its Jazz Ensemble
experience helpful

Brelrlrlo 482-0448
or bulbous 457-1754

lion-mutton prohib‘

Aim   arias.

     
      
  
    
    
  

   

Northern Division W]. 'l" *-
Coloni‘ata .4 0 0' ~ .4 ,
Fella: 4 o 0 Who's 4. 1'
Mother Packers 2 0 2 Ned: 3 _ A 2
Gunther 2 2 0 E.E.P. 2 4
Spinners 2 2 0 Staff l- 3
Poke's Pucks 0 3 l Silver Streak I 3
Roratuscas 0 3 I Root ‘ l 3‘
Fit 0 4 0 Stampeders 0 4
TKO-2 0 4'
Southern Division
Cheekies 4 o 0 EAST
Dukes 3 0 l
BVD's 3 l I Family 6 0
Ftrchawks 2 l 2 Degenerate Club 5 0
STE 2 2 0 Lumberjacks 5 l
Ka-Nights l 3 I Love That Shit 4 I
Waterbury l 3 0 Nerfs 3 2
Experiment Forfeited 0m APA 3 3
JSC 3 4
Central Division saims l 5
Whalers 4 0 o TXO" 0 6
TMS 3 0 l '
Nanooks 3 o 0 LEAGUE IV SCORING
Something Special 2 I 2 ' LEADERS
Into the Fire 2 2 |
Kings I 2 0 Robinson. (Lombardi's) 18,0
Gaslinc I 4 0 Mathews. (Burnett Park) 13.0
Hawtrs Pod-med out Rothman. (Alden Studs) |4,5
Purrow. (TXO-I) [3.2
LEAGUE 1v Weitzner. (Degenerate Club) (28
Greenberg. (Family) (2,6
WEST Enos, (Tower of Power) (2.5
Bresky. (Degenerate Club) [25
Vikings 4 o Silvcrbcrs. (APA) I2.o
Lost Gonzos 4 o Carnevale. (Roos) 11.8
Warsaw Woosies 4 1
Tower of Power 4 2
Oceanside 3 2
" ‘rnctt Park 2 2 2+H°ur
Moles 2 4 
Alden Studs | 4 Mgfﬁhon
Original Dcrclit‘ls 0 5 Sign up Feb. 4 in the CC lobby

  
   

 

T. Nelson -

 

 agi

 

HOW ML

.l()|l IlliSCRl I' I‘ION: 'I he employee
at Camp Dippikill. One will be a I2‘xlo‘.

along with twoo student I
excavations. Appllcunt wr
laborer supervision.
remote area without electrier but with liqu
provide all required architectura
Camp Dippikill resident Manager.
Iicunt must have experience in all the following construction
peeling. hauling and building: concrete and masonary
nd ready mix; carpentry includin roughing. ﬁnishing.
work (indoor 42" fircp a
ion and show experience in su ervising others.
N: Camp Dippikil! is locate 70 miles north of Albany on Route 28
for the duration of thejob will be provided at one oftbc
camp buildings for either a small fee or additional work hours. A car is strongly recommended
es such as food. gasoline. laundry. etc. is I! rrules away. Lake
provides the only reasonably local source of night life.
e virtually unlimited. BOARD IS NOT PROVIDED but

QUALIFICATIONS: The app
skills: lo),I work including tree felling.
work including working with blocks a
rattling. and flooring; and field stone
good physical eondit
MISC INFORMATIO
near the hamlet of The Glen. Lodging

as the nearest town for suppli
(leorge Village, [1 miles away.
Wilderness recreational activities at
complete cooking facilities are available.
WllElili 3t WHEN TO APPLY: Applications ma‘y be picked up in the SA ofﬁcetCC 146)
and must be returned to that ofﬁce no later than r 97
lN'l‘liliVlliWS: Required. individual schedule: will be let up

NOTICE: Given on or before March 23. l976. A cogflﬁtg‘isot of alternata

ACCEPTANCE
ble will be posted in the SA office on Mar it
u

and those not accepts

EMPLOYMENT OPPORT NITY
CAMP DIPPIKILL
(1 position)

JOB TITLE: General Contractor
WHERE: Camp Dippikil
WHEN: July l9, I976-
40 hrs/wk)

WHO MAY APPLY: Albany
(Having paid student tax)
JCH: $4.25/hr - $l70./wk

  

January [4, I977 (26 weeks, ful time,

will be responsible for the coutruction oftwo buildings
one room log cabin with porch, feild stone chimney.
well and dry well. The other will be a onestot’y. 24'x36‘ five room rustic frame lodge. also with
porch. well and dry well and field stone ﬁreplace. All work must be done by the applicant
aborers. There will not be provisions for sul‘rcontractingexcept for
ll be responsible for materials procurement. sustained work flow.
and professional quality workmanship. The work must be performed inn

I and engi neering services for the project will be Mr. Richard

   

State Students or Alumni

 

 

 

I.

 

duty access road. Job supervisor who also will

cc). App icant also must be tn

iday. February 20. I

c .
f ruled by student waclatlon

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVENTEEN

 

 

             

  

i‘t


 

 

 

 

