   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   

  
   
 
 
   
    
     
    
    
   
   
    
 
     
  
 
 

 

, I“ .
after eating meat from pip fed seed

revsnti
'W . "WFPI’W'WI
in" N. M... where

'  of‘ family because blind

ous system damage

 

contaudnate'd bya‘ntereuryrtreated
pesticide." Deaths resulting from
human consumptionwof Melly-y
comandnated food have alsobssn
reported in lrsqtand Japan. the
am slid. - ' ‘

The ban came asthe apncyiasued
new guidelines covering pollution
from ayicultural and forestry. ac-
tivities and as the Senate received a
atria new bill giving EPA a
premarket review of chemicals
which could cause cancer.

In another environmental matter.
the President's advisors on en-
vironmental quality expressed regret
at an Interior Department decision
to accelerate leasing of an area of the
Gulf of Alaska for petroleum ex-
ploration. . ~

The EPA order on mercury does
not apply to products already on the
market. but bans future use of mer-
cury for banned produtss.

The EPA spokesman said the
agency would continue to allow use
of mercury-treated fungicides to pre-
vent mildew on textiles and fabrics
for outdoor use, such as tents and
tarpaulins.

Use may also continue for treat-
ment of Dutch elm disease and for
killing bacteria brown mold found

; rnittee. meanwhile. unanimoust ap
proved and sent to the full Senate a

 

bill to give the agency new powers to
ﬁght the growth of environmentally
caused cancer. “
The bill would allow the EPA to
impose restrictions ‘on such
chemicals as Kepone and vinyl
chloride and would require that
EPA be notified.” days in advance
before they arenarketed.
Contntittee Chairman Warren
Mum-on. Dwuh. said the bill
“closes the last major loophole ex-

 
  
  

  
 

ng
tsl .law'_' by, gt
review of the chemicals' safety. r

on another: environmental
matter. the President's Council on

 
 

Environmental Quality has ex-

pressed regra over an announce-
ment by the Interior Department

> that it would allow the leasing of I. l

million acres in the Gulf of Alaska to
petroleum ﬁrms for oil exploration
The three-member council said
exploration in the Alaskan gulf is -
"risky" because the area is prone to
severe earthquakes and stornu._has
deep water and has valuable fisheries
which could be harmed by oil spills.

 

' @esmlia

‘Billags

 

 

   
    
     
   

ﬂSCMv WHEN?

 

m ML m CMNS. HOWEVER, TIE
MINISTIM‘IOI l9 Sﬂlb DEDtCATW 10 all!“
M 1W m mamas». OMWITlﬁ-u

 
 

lib newsman

“Lt
Jill“

"I

     
   

 

Chuck Colson Turns Evangelist

NEW YORK(AP) Charles W.
“Chuck” Colson. once known as the
White House “hatchet man” during
the Watergate period, is now work-
ing at developing a nationwide
network of evangelist convias “on a
commission for Jesus Christ” behind
prison walls.

“I know God can change men's
lives in prison.” he says.

“I've seen it and experienced it.
Where men and prison programs
have failed. God‘s ways don't fail.
Wejust want to give God achanceto
work inside prisons."

With a “green light“ for the
program from the Federal Bureau of
Prisons. Colson and colleagues in
Fellowship House in Washington.
DC. already have given atwo—week
training course for the ﬁrst group of
l2 prisoners. released temporarily
from six US. prisons for that pur-
pose.

Changes Made

Colson says that “when other in-
mates see these men or women come
back to prison ﬁlled with the Spirit.
they say. ‘I don‘t know what it is. but
I‘m curious.‘ " From thenon. Colson
adds. “miracles happen" in changing
prisoners‘ outlooks and lives.

After training another youp in
February. the plan calls for
repeatingthe process for new groups
every other month until a corp of
prisoners at the 30-odd federal
prisons have been involved. and then
setting up programs around the
country to do the same inside state
prisons.

Colson. who served seven months
in prison himself. discussed his new
work in interviews in the National
Courier. a Christian-oriented news
biweekly published in Plainﬁeld.
N.J.. and inthc Moody Monthly. an
evangelical magazine published in
Chicago.

He says he learned while a

PAGE TWO

prisoner himself that “prisoners
don't trust anyone from the outside."

“The only way to penetrate the in-
credible barriers inthis isolatedcom—
munity is through other inmates." he
says.

Telling of his own“moral failure”
while a White House adviser. he says
that “I did whatever the president of
the United States ordered . . . He‘s
the commander-in-chicf. I followed
orders."

Student Tax Control Questioned

continued from page one

Trustees vote on this recommenda-
tion. but I think the Trustees are
more reasonable than campus ad-
ministrators."

The big problem inthc vote will be
with the recommendation on
political activities. says Kirkpatrick.
It is here that heated words have
been exchanged.

Deputy Counsel to SUNY Central
Sandy Levine said in a letter that “a
fee for student activities . . . is not
designed to be. nor should it be. tor-
tured into becoming a student
political device.“

Kirkpatrick says the problem is
the use of the term “political.” In a
SASU memo he statcdthat. iftakcn
in the broader sense, political means
“. . . the inﬂuence by which an in-
dividual or state sccks to determine
or control its public policy."

Kirkpatrick feels that the
problems of interpretation may
cause havoc.

According to SA President Andy
Bauman. these recommendations
are not intended to change anything.
just to clarify. Bauman says that “on
this campus. the administration has
never exerted undue inﬂuence.“

The issue of administrative con-
trol ofthese funds has its roots in the
early l970‘s. when the viability of
voluntary or mandatory student ac-
tivity fees were being discussed.

In I968. State Comptroller.
Arthur Levitt. replied to a query
from administrative heads by saying
that “. . . student activityfees ——-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

even if they are mandatory —
[can be considered] as funds held in
trust for students, rather than as
state funds."

But the days of student control of
these funds were shon lived.

In I970. SUNYA student Ken
Stringer filed suit against the univer—
sity. He felt the administration
should cxercise more control over
the way student tax money was
spent.

The State Supreme Court ruling
for Stringer vr. Gould stated that
any fee levied by the university as a
condition of registration and
eligibility for credit becomes the
responsibility of the Trustees to
oversee.

According to (iugiuo. these on:
quasi-public funds. They are state-
collected and therefore should be
state-controlled. But, Gugino says
that students feel it is their money
and they should be able to use it as
they wish.

“At present and in the future. the
administration is trying to give the
students maximum control of stu-
dent activity fce money without
negating the university's respon-
sibility as to the use of those funds."
says Gugino.

Yet. “there has to he a basic trust
in the students." says Squutriglia.“lf
that trust isn‘t there. then it is im-
possible to work with them."

Says Levitt. “We have no reason
to doubt the wisdom. or sense of
responsibility. of the great majority
of our students."

  
   

‘Commlttea Approves sum

 
 
   
   

   

  
  
 
  

  
   
 

ary Aid Bill
ON AP The House International Relations Commrtteetoday
33:23:53.8 liillicin military aid bill that bans aid for Angola and gtyeg
COIIFCII more control over the sale of U.S.-made.weapons to foreign
of by voice vote came one day after the Senate

:zmlirtluiusblhliilflgifai’reign military aid bill that includes similar, broad
restrictions on overseas arms sales. Rep. Thomas E. Morgan, 0.1).,”
chairman of the International Relations committee, said he plans to ask for a
House vote next Week. He prediaed the bill wtll encounter some reststance
because of the large amount of money it contains.

Committee to Ignore Nixon’s Pardon '
WASHINGTON (AP) A House Judiciary subcomnnttee today decided not
to inquire further into President Ford's pardon of Richard M. Nixon. The
criminal justice subcommittee voted 4 to 3 to table a motlon'by Rep,
Elizabeth Holtzman, D-N.Y.. which would have alloWed the panels slafflto
interview Philip W. Buchen. Ford’s counsel; Alexander Hatg, Nixon's chief
of staff. and “other appropriate persons" regarding the prestdential pardon.
Rep. Holtzman called for the inquiry on the basis of a'ncws story which
appeared in the Washington Post. She said the Post article suggested that

Haig. on or about Aug. 28, I974, actively sought to persuade President Ford

to pardon Nixon.

Iceland Breaks Relations With Britain

LONDON (AP) Iceland broke diplomatic relations with its NATO ally
Britain Monday over their ﬁshing dispute, the Icelandic Embassy said.
Iceland's charge d'affairs. Helgi Auguslsson. went to the British Foreign

" Office with a note from his govermnent about the break. the embassy said.

Reports from Reykjavik, the Icelandic capital. said lceland's cabinet decided
to break relations at a meeting this morning. The break culminates nearly [0
years of arguments over ﬁshing rights around Iceland. Iceland has extended
its ﬁshing limits three times around its coasts. The limit now stands at 200
miles.

leon to Depart for Communist Chlna
LOS ANGELES(AP) Former President Richard M. Nixon departs Friday
for Communist China. where he went four years ago as America‘s chief
executive to open relations betweenthe twocountries. This time he travels us
a private citizen as the guest of Communist China. In February 1972 Nixon.
the one-time fervid anti-Communist, landed in Peking on his ofﬁcial visit. llc
' was accompanied then by numerous advisers and swarms of newsmcn who
reported his every move. “He is not goingthere involving any foreign policy
matters." Ford said at a press conference earlier this week. “ He is going as a
guest of the Chinese government and he is going as a private citizen. He his
not had any special brieﬁngs.“

Cunningham Ordered to Appear Before Jury

NEW YORK (AP) Democratic state chairman Patrick Cunningham was
ordered Thursday to appear before a special grand jury looking into an
accusation that in The Bronx he is “the principal at the center of the corrupt
marketplace ofjudgeships." Special state Supreme Court Juslicc Leonard
Sandlcr ordered the Democratic bigwig to comply with a grand jury
subpoena from special state prosecutor Maurice Nadjari—a mandate tqu
Cunningham is expected to appeal. It was Nadjari who alleged Ihlll
Cunningham was involved in the sale ofjudgeships and state jobs in The
Bronx. Cunningham is the county Democratic leader of The Bronx.

Hearst Getaway Car Pulled Over By Police

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Moments uftcr dumping Patricia chrst III the
trunk, a car-loud of terrorists was pulled over by a policeman and instructed
to turn on the headlights of the kidnap getaway car. the young lit-truss
testified today. Under cross-examination at her bank robbery trutl. thc
heiress said Symbioncsc Liberation Army member Emily Harris told lu't lht'
story long after the abduction. “She said they thought it was funny. II the
policeman had only known what was going on." Miss Hearst rccullcd.

Justice Dept. Decides Not To Charge Helms
WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department has decided not to hnng
charges against former CIA Director Richard Helms and other intclltgcnt‘c
officials for their alleged roles in approving a l97l domestic brcuk-tu. All)
Gen. Edward H. chi announced today. “After studyingthc facts curt-lull)
and interrogating the witnesses tit length. the department concluded that the
evidence did not meet the standards set by a 1945 Supreme Court dcclslttll to
establish a criminal violation of the statutes." a department statement hillil
Howard J. Osborn. the CIA's former director ofsecurity, and Richard 0hr!»
a CIA official now on the National Security Council staff, also were known
to have been under investigation for the break-in.

Congressmen Deny Taking Bribes

WASHINGTON (AP) Two congressmen under investigation by lllL' .Iunlcv
Depanment have denied taking bribes from the South Korean govcrllnlcill-
“I have not taken bribes or illegal payments from any sourceever," said Rep.
Joseph Addabbo. D-N.Y. “I have no qualms about predicting mi“ “"
investigation of my ﬁnances and my activities will provcto the Sallsfllclltlll of
the Justice Department that the allegations are untrue and baseless.“ "ll't 3'“
idiotic accusation." said Rep. Robert Leactt. D-Calif., of the WW”
published in today‘s Washington Post that the two men accepted brihcs last
fall of less than Sl0,000 each,

A!

FEBRUARY 20, 1976

 
   

  
  

 

 

by Michael Sena

While most of the radical leaders
of the sixties have changed their cries
from “Up the system.” to “Within
the system," William Kunstler has
not.

Kunstler. who likes to see himself
as a political lawyer, rejects the legal
system in which he works: The
system. he believes. exists to control
and repress anyone who disagrees
with the government.

The controversial lawyer, in a
speech to about 500 SUNYA
students Tuesday night said. "law
exists to keep those who threatenthe
establishment dead. in jail, or
destroyed on an Indian reservation.”

Political trials in which the
government tries to mute the
radical‘s voice, destroy his f ollowers.
and unite the silent majority. are the
government's method of control. he
explained.

One of Kunstler‘s prime examples
is the Chicago 8 Trial. in which he
defended Abbie Hoffman. Tom
Hayden. Jerry Rubin. and other
Yippics against charges of con-
spriacy to obstruct the l968
Democratic National Convention.

 

 

4..

  nastiest/tern  1

 

“After monthsyof trial the jury
acquitted them.” he said. “We hsda
lot of . contempts handed down but
no conspriacy.

“That was a very important trial.
It radicalized the youth. distressed
the silent majority. and embarrased
the government.

“Conspiracy is so easy to prove.
because you need no proof." said
Kunstler. “All you need is one in-
former and one overt act—like mail-
ing a letter. walking across a bridge.
or an illegal act. In California a con-
spiracy to commit a misdemeanor is

_a felony. California has many such
oddities—one of them is roaming
around the country now.“

The conspiracy cases of Benjamin
Spock. Phillip Berrigan, the Viet-
nam Veterans Against the War. At-
tica. Wounded Knee. and Daniel
Ellsberg. are all examples of what
Kunstler says is the most imponant
thing he has learned about as a
lawyer; “Big Brother’s attempt to

Detente

chow

Lyn Catulle left. and Cathy McBride spent last semester In Rusela.
They were disappointed with language lralnlng they had at SUNYA.

New Yorkers Shocked

by Steven Surowitz

New Yorkers think cnrthqunkcs
only occur elsewhere. httt mttny
shake right in our own backyards.

During I974. thc Lamont-
l)ohcrty Seismology Network
detected more than I25 earthquakes
in New York State. This averages
out to one curlllquttkc every three
days.

The largest of these quakes was
felt in thppingcrs Falls on June 7,
I974. with it magnitude of 3.3 on the
Richter scale. This qualified as ti fec-
blc shock which might be felt by
several persons ut best.

In the first half of I975. New York
sustained more llilln 75 earthquakes.
The largest of these shocks occurred
on June 9. I975. in the Lake
Champlain region near I’lttttsburgh.
Associtttcd Press releases which
appeared on June l0 in the New
York Times and the Albany Times
Union describedthctrcmortts.“. . .
rattling dishes rind sending residents
scurrying out of their houses.“

At the time. local scismologists
weren‘t sure if it was an earthquake
or II large explosion. Later analysis
showed the shock to have indeed
been caused by an earthquake. with

FEBRUARY 20, 1976

ti Richter magnitude of 4.2.

The most tictivc earthquake areas
on the state are centered around Blue
Mountain Lake, Attica.
Dunncmorru. tind Wuppingcrs
l-‘ulls. ten miles south of I’oughkecp
sic. During the ﬁrst six months of
I975 there were 37 quttkcs at Blue
Mountain Luke. and 27 at Attica.
Most ofthcsc earthquakes ttrcsmall.
detectable only by a scismogruph.

The magnitude of an earthquake
is related to energy radittlcd fromthe
enrthqunkc sourm. For example, a
quttke with a magnitude of 2.5 has
energy less than l0l7 ergs. the
amount of energy released when IOO
gallons of gttsolinc is burned.

The Guatemalan quake.
magnitude of 8.3, carried I015 crgs of
energy. This is roughly comparable
to exploding I2.000 of the
Hiroshima-type atomic bombs.
Most of this tremendous energy was
absorbed in the earth. yet the small
fraction which escaped led to u terri-
ble disaster.

A theory currently popular with
most experts dividesthc curth's mass
into several distinct plates. The most
powerful earthquakes. such as the
shock in Guatemala. occur along

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

zero in on a targetand destroy it"
and the movement around it.

While the lawyer believes the ac-
tivism of the sixties is dead. he feels
that radicalism still exists but on a
smaller scale—in prisons. and ghet-
tos. The radical movement of today
doesn't have the flamboyant leaders
like Abbie Hoffman and Jerry
Rubin “who have a knack of attrac-
ting the media. You can't get on
television unless 43 people die at At-
tics.”

Kunstler. dressed in a three piece
grey suit. with his longish greying
hair held back behind his cars by his
thick black glasses. has afull load of
upcomming murder cases. The cases
will take himto Waterbury. Connec-
ticut; St. Louis. Missouri; and Pine
Hills. South Dakota. Somewhere in
there he‘ll stop off in California to
defend the Harris‘ in their murder
case.

All the while Kunstlcr will still be
shouting “.Up the System".

Flows on

by Ed Moser

Lyn Catullc and Cathy McBride
spent last semester in Russia. as part
of n Soviet-SUNY exchange
program. Struck by the friendliness
of the people, the two SUNYA
students said they made many
friends. “They can‘t give you enough
once they get to know you." said
Lyn.

Lyn and Cathy studied at the
Moscow State Foreign Language In-
stitute. a giant facility which serves
35,000 students. Cathy said the
school find different prcsumptions
on education than American
colleges, because of its greater stress
on liberal arts. “Thcytcuch pcoplcto
be proficient in a language when they
grttduutc. . .lichI’Itryingtoturn
out competent engineers. Lyn lcrm-
ed the Institute on “intellectual-
tcclmicnl school.“

As Inngungc scholars. the two
were somewhat disappointed in their
SUNYA training. They found Rus-
sinn students speaking English better
than they did Russian.

Lyn. who would like to see
American schools tcacli foreign

by Quakes

areas when: these plutcs mcct.

New York State is situated
towards the middle of the North
American plate. and not subject to
severe earthquakes. Most New York
shocks are caused by regional strains
occurring near fttult zones.

Rock musscs grow slowly. leading
to gradual displacement of the
earth's crust. This displacement sets
up stresses between adjacent por-
tions on the crust. The strained rock
rebounds under its own elastic
stresses. until the strain is wholly or
partially relieved.

Some earthquakes in New York
are triggered by local blasting done
by construction and quarry outfits.
Powerful blasts can also be confused
with earthquakes. so the Lamont-
Dohcrty Network keeps tabs on
where and when blasting is oc-
curring. In .l97l, earthquakes ncor
Attica were found to have been
triggered by fluid injection near
brine ﬁelds thcrc.

North American Indians were
flimlllltl' with earthquakes. and at-
tributed them to a great tortoise. Ac-
cording to the mythology. the earth
rotates on tt giant tortoise's back.
and when it moves. we tremble.

 

  

 

   

 

 

 

 
  

  

 
 

a Personal Level

“It wasn't easy to argue with the
Russians over ideology. said Lyn.

languages at earlier levels. is dis-
mayed that many colleges are drop-
ping language requirements instead.
Likcwisc Cathy said she wonders
why no Russian department in the
state offers a course in phonetics.
something she and Lyn had to pick
up in Moscow.

The pair made a special effort to
pick up Russian idiom. only to find
Russian students of English doing
the same. When Lyn asked a Russian
who had visited the US. if he had
gone to Lake George. the Russian
rcplicd.“l51hc Pope Catholic?"

Perhaps the above deemphasis on
foreign language study stems from
Amcricztn sclf-ccntercdncss.
something Cathy noticed while
watching American tourists shop-
ping. “Americans wcrc the only
foreigners who expected the help to
Spcilk English.

The two also mentioned that the
attitudes of Russian storckccpcrs
were quite different than their
American counterparts“.

“In Russia the customer isn‘t
always right." said Cathy. “tin atten-
dnnt is less likely to smilcthan here.
The waiters yell at the customers.“
Lyn compared this to the attitude
found in America where
storckccpcrs "bend over backward
to please you." She continued.“ Rus-
sian stores do not operate com-
petitively.“ Every restaurant has
cquivnlcnt prices. Onc shops in a
Russian store in ill‘l odd. indirect
way. A customer first pays for the
item he wants. gets a receipt. gives it
to an attendant. who then gets the
item for the customer.

Both were struck at the constant
political propaganda which is driven
home. “like a product yousee or hear
all the time." said Cathy. “Aftcr
awhile you can hear nothing else."
said Lyn.

“We’d criticize their press as
propaganda. but the Russians would
say that 50% of our press is adver-
tisement.“ One Russian woman. in-
formed by the Soviet press abotii
teacher strikes and mass unemploy-
ment in New York City. asked
Cathy, a native of New York.“How
is it possible you could have sur-
vived'?‘

The impact of World War II.
which took the lives of over 20
million Russians. is still deeply felt.
Once. at a circus. Cathy saw scenes
of Russians defeating the fascists
projected onto a dozen screens. She
said. “I could feel shivers.“

Cathy added that the war losses
were so great that one is struck bythe
number of middle-aged and elderly
cripples seen on the streets. Older
women without husbands are also
quite numerous. Cathy said the dis-
asters of war and revolution have
made the Russians feel they've been
on the wrong end of fortune.
“Thcy‘rc quilc conscious that they
lag behind America."

Lyn and Cathy made it clear
American pop culture has con-
qucrcd the world. even the Russian
port. “It really struck me," said Lyn,
“how American music was all over
the place. People would ask me

about Pink Floyd. America. They
knew the names of all the songs and
the lyrics. too."

Despite all the jokes about
Russians and vodka. bar—hopping.
according to Lyn and Cathy. is much
more an American than a Russian
form of entertainment. “Most public
places close by “:30 pm. Subways
close at ll pm. and few young
Russians have cars. They tend to go
to other people's homes rather than

 

é.

 

NOMINATIONS for the position of Editor-in-Chief of the Albany Student
Press will he accepted from February l3 to February 27. Nominees must be full-

time undergraduates ut SUNYA. The Editor-in-Chief is empowered to

represent the Albany Student Press. and is responsible for the direction.

production. content and policy of the Albany Student Press. Letters of

nomination should be submitted to the Managing Editor in Campus
Center 329. Elections will be held March 8.

 

 

 

PAGE mm .

 

- “.01.- . -- -

 

