 
  

  
 
   
    
  

 
   

 
 

  
  
         
  

 

1.3.0,... I‘m -

-.- «a, M.-..*.A ..
I

'"13‘."."I a} as . w. :- .

it s?
,1 
‘ 5‘.
t; 
" l
'r‘,
(i
1
rs
.
“J‘s
A,

‘ interested in the Oversea Programatthelnternationol Institute

- ’ r ,. One. otter 'u.
Social  Wni‘tretleh 'esentatlve‘ t
tdk to students about est  Mar. t2.  
‘ CC Patroon lounge. Al Invited. Refreshments.
_ . , e s e l '
Red Detachment d Wemen,mavle. Fri. Mar. 12, 4 pm, [C 23.
, Sponsored by Si-Chlna Peoples friendship Association.

 Students The lir'st oridntatloh meeting iar all students

   
  
 

in Madrid wt“ be held Fri. Mar. 12, 4 inns. in MD 354.51udents

should also stop in the Oiiice at international Programs to set up

_ . .lnterviews. ' .

The Two at Us, movie presented tr'o. Fri. Mar. 12,7:15 ms
in it: 1. secret. tonne st. without. ' '

M Night at the helm. mdvie rimm Colonl 100 d

int Quad cafeteria,“ Fri. Manpiz 7:30 alhyd 9:30.°Free.°

I .

1!”!!Iunch movie presented bylFG. Sat. Mar. 13, 7: 1 5and

9:45 p.m. |.C 1. 8.50 with tors and 31. without.

funny 16M! movie pres'ented'b Cdl ni 1 Cu d
r y o a Boa d, .
Mar. 14, 7 and 9:30 pm. in lC 1:.  sun
Albany Area om Selleei will s'urn Ma McC at
ﬁnger and Ruth Pelham in a benelizoncert SUZMar. 114,7:er
in the EIA Shop, 306 C:ntral Ave. Donation 52.
I
Orthodox leiiewehip meeting Sundays, 2 p.m., CC Patroon
lounge. For into cal Terry 436-1535 or Mite 465-1379.

HeipAiaAe Purim barrel. on s'urr. ot.2 p.rn. to be an lbut sit
the Daughters of Sarah Nuggaﬂame. For Info call bomb, 7':

  

llperimental Theatre duditlohs io'r scenes iram “Contem-

porary Comeies . Parts for 4 women and 5 men. Sun. Mar. 14,

7-10 p.m. and Mon. Mar. 15, 5-9'p.m. Inthe Studio Theatre, PAC.
. I

7 MONDAY

Table Tennis Club, me'ets Mondays irom 7to10:30 . . ‘ th
2nd Floor Men’s Auxiliary gym. P m m '
I I I

~ Women's intremurd elsd Ash  is having a captain's

g" 1 “Mrs. Daly lies a lover,” and “Today Is Independence
,” Mon. Mar. TSondYues. Mar. leatdpm otthel’layheute

 Comm ’ audtlons tor two one-est
a . on Delaware Turnpike In Unionvile.

 

.meeting iar ol those Ireerested In soccer. Mon. Mar. 15, 4:15
- p.m. In CC 370. '

lay Minister's meeting, .Mon.  13, 0 pm at Chapel House.
I I

Delta Sigma" is s onsoring a guest spedlter, Norman Elliot itent

iroin the oiilee all e Minorityleader. Topic Is “The N.V. Financial

Crisis and its Impact on Jobs and Students”. Mon. Mar. 15, 0 p. m.
in lC 21.

TUESDAY

Coheee Music itdi presents “The Many es oi Melt Irignola"
Tues. Mar. 16, 8:30 p.m. Call the box ice at 237-7700 lor
tickets. ‘
I I
‘A‘ l  a l  h ' r _et  

 

r I
academic year program at the Univ. oi Mce will be held in the
language lab on both Tues. Mar. 16 and Tues. Mar. 23 at 6:30
p.m. Students who cannot attend at those times should contact
Mr. Spinlts (HU 016) and make other arrangements.

“ I I I
The Renewal of a City, Hadrian’s Plan for Athens,” an lil-
lustroted lecture by Dr. Daniel Geagan ol McMaster Univ, Tues.
Mar. 16, B p.m., HU 354. Presented by the Archaeological in-

stitute oi America and the Dept oi Classics.

I I I
Political Science meeting, Tues. Mar. 16, sometime,in CC 375.

I I I
Pia-"Dene Anthropology Club will show the movie “Circle at the
5 in and sell tickets ior its Boston trip on Tues. Mar. 16, B p.m. in

Rocco ferran, will speak.ort hi's testimony given in Congress
against the appointment at Justice Stevens, Tues. Mar. 16, 2: 10-
3:25 in 55131.

Help Deliver Purim bosk'ets at.the Daughters of Sarah Nursing
Home on Tues. Mar. 16. For info call Paula 7-7023 or Marcia 7-
. I I I
Man will be celebrated atthe Wellington Hotel, Tues. Mar. 16,
7:30 .m.
I I I .
A N Y T I M E
Volunteer wanted to teach partially blind dancing, evenings.
ease call J. larry Railey, 7-1296.

Adrdesion Test and 0mg

. “handles for
. ee
,. _ 11/“ procedure lMyg
not bier-gs; oiter ilnal SUNVA
budgetary dossier! age espllelt.

 

itemecenting a. coming  . loin the paradell n
meeting, Thurs. Mar. as at mo p.m.Watchioriurther 3325.,

I I ' I
Community Service 290 evaluation sesslo
‘ must menu one. m m W" °"' V“
I

I I
MIMI literary magazine needs your ms, stories
and as. Submit them to the box $.11. CC fulfill?
ine Is Mar. 19. All welcome at weekly stall meeting, Mon'
and Tull. s p.m. In the cc Cafeteria. For Inio coll lee 7-3074 0;
' Ann 7-0954. »

Conference on Foreign lbngudgee a.nd ltrelness, Mar. 1019
H0 354, starting 9:30 am lectures. discussions and workshop;
on the application at languages in mum-national employment
All interested faculty and students Invited. I
Food Stamp iniarmatlon'and c'ounseling is availabl ‘ it. .
ilce oi Student life, cc no, 7-1296. '3 m e 0'

‘ I I
Slate Photo-SUN" Camera Club rim contest; you may win
a Cannon TX with 50mm 1.81am. For details call Joe lngoglig 7.

3002 or visit State Photo at Stuyvesant Plaza.

I I
Multiple Sclerosis as-urrur Dance Mirrarrron. Mar. 27. 9 a...
to Mar. 23, 9 p. m. Music by WPTii. Door prizes and live entertain.
ment. Free food and big prices ior dancers. Junior College of

Albany. To enter call MS oiiice, 459-5118.
I I

I
Guides to living off Campus, containing Inlormatian on HDlI$~
lng, legal and Health Services, transportation and day care
centers are available in the Student Llie Oiiice, CC 130.

I I I
Jesus is a Jew isa group of Jews who believelesus is the promis-
ed Messiah oi Israel. We get together to discuss issues, study
God's word and pray. For more info call Dave tip at 7-7846.

I I I
Models Wanted ior painti ng and sculpture classes during Spring
1976 semester. Male and female. Coll SUNYA An Dept. Phone 7-

8487, or sign up in FA 216 with Chairman.

I I
Assertiveness Training groups. sponsored by the Counseling
Center. One group will meet Monday nights 5:30-7:30 p.rn. star-
ting Mar. 15. the other meets Weds. from 2-4 p. m. stoning Wed.
Mar. 17. Both are 5-week sessions. li interested contact the

Center, 7-3674.

Barbershole Co-op l; opth M,Ti.rom 12.5. W,Th, r from
12-4

Purim Kitiree at Rabbi Rdbin’sfablelhthe cc. Mishloach Manes
and Harnantashen.

. e .

The College of General Studies is making plans ior a group at

State University persons from all areas of the Univ. to visit the

People’s Republic of China. ii interested, call Martha Egelston,

College at General Studies, Draper 140, 472-7508 or 455 7221.
e s e

 

 

=
LABLE

Summer Planning Conference

Position Title:
fercnce

Qualification:
at the University in the fall.

Time Commitment: 1 June-27 July 1976

STUDENT ASSISTANT POSITIONS.
> AVAI

Student Assistant, 1976 Summer Planning Con~

Basic clerical skills; applicants uhould be continuing

FOOD CO-OP
IS OPEN

Mon 12-8

BARBERSHOP

Statement of policy
to all members

I )A II new members must sign up for
new work hours by Friday. March
I9 (1! 4:00 or else your membership
will be terminated.

7-7742 or Sun an. '

 

 

  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

ll“

illil'll

 

l
l »

 

visual arts.

 / H,
\\\\\\\\\\\\\}\‘N

g

by Stephen ﬂsenmen
end Neomi Friedlender

The recent proposals by President Field‘s Task Force
greatly reduce the opportunities for gaining knowledge
at this university. The cuts in the humanities should be
studied closely; those made in English, Comparative
World Literature, and Art History departments are
especially drastic and need to be rc-examined.

To eliminate the Art History program would be to
rob Albany of a most important vehicle for human
understanding and discovery. The visual arts have given
man many moments of supreme insight. The discovery
by young men and women of the great artists of the past
is often it catalyst for intellectual growth. The
university, in its debt to learning cannot ignore the

For muny years the growth of the humanities has
been marked. The number of Art History majors
registered in 30 selected universities (Harvard, Yule,
Vassar. etc.) in 1961 was 199. By I974the number had
soared to 2985 (34 schools). This type of meteoric
growth has been apparent in all visual arts endeavors.
The greater importance of thc muss media (particularly
television) and the public institutions of art. speak of a
visually aricntcd culture. Rather than frustrating these
tendencies, New York intitc past has encouragedthem.

The creation of the New York State Council on the
Arts and its many offshoots, and the recent
development of the Empire State Plaza in downtown
Albany, with its new library. art museum and
performing arts center 1111 in an exciting architectural
environment, speak of this commitment. it seems
appropriate therefore that Albany. with all its historic
and cultural importance to the state. should be a place

I e  2 Albany 
Debt to Learning

education in art history is crucial to the greater
appreciation of the works of art in the area. Albany is
the only institution in the area that has a Bachelors Art
History program. It would be sorely missed.

It is not merely it matter of financial imperatives. The
university had decided to rc-structure. The lost teaching
lines inthe Humanities will be gained elsewhere. This, in
the mistaken belief that student demand for Art History
has greatly decreased. The ﬁgures do not bearthis out.
In Fall, 1971. the total enrollment for all Art History
courses was 366. The number in 1975 was 360; a
remarkably consistent
documented decrease in overall humanities enrollment.
The number of majors. too. has been consistent,
hovering at around 36 for the past ﬁve years.

   
  
        
     
 
 
 
     
    

 

figure considering the

Seymore Slive stated the matter eloquently in his

report on the Visual Arts ten years ago:

"Today, when all of our lives are greatly inﬂuenced by
revolutionary advances in science and affected by
radical technological changes. there are growing
commitments among our people to causes which are
fundamentally humane in purpose and activities which
are humanistic in nature. Although less spectacular
than issues of civil rights orthe reliefof poverty,thc arts
have an important place in man‘s quest for fulﬁllment
and for the improvement ofthe quality of the physical
and social environment. They are not merely an
accessory which may be used to ﬁll the leisure hours 6f
an affluent society. Since the visual arts help us
understand man's past and present conception of
himself. his fellow mun, his relation to nature and the
society in which he lives, theirjole is central. no!
marginal (emphasis ours). In them we find
embodiments of man‘s humane and spiritual values.

 

 

   
 

 

muusr I-‘A'I‘IiEIiS Sim .__.._ ' '
Tax Cam ms w/out Tax ms , iii‘is:l.5liflfii°§to status. c.f.'f..___ 3356393335313 “8'
I I _,__..__..—. ********* _.___1
PAGE TEN A
LBANY STUDENT passs MARCH 12. 1976

Requirements:

Renumaetion:
Where to Apply:
Application Deadline:

For sddltionei information, stop by CAMP“! CHI!" 1311

Jewish Students Coalition-Hillel Presents:

Attendence at mandatory interest meetin on Tues-
day. 16 March at 7:30, in the Patroon RooI‘rt Lounge.
If you cannot attend, you must contact Dan DePalma
or Suc Ptcrce m the Ofﬁce of Student Life(CC 130)
before he meeting takes place.

All candidates will be re uircd to take a test to
measure basic clerical skills. These will be ad-
rrunsstered 17-19 March; you will be askedto sign up
for an appomtment at the interest meeting.

5650 run loom and baud: ‘01 the PCHOd l June‘27
Ofﬁce of Student Life. CC I30. between 81C 8
8 M 11 nd

Completed ts plications must be returned to CC 130
by 5 pm Fri ay, 19 March 1976.

ONE DAY IN THE
LIFE OF

'1sz DENISOVICH

based on dte book by

Alexander Solzhenitsyn

Sunday March 14
1.0 at 7 81 9 pm.
lSC-Hillel members $.75

an

Mbysﬂedﬂllm

Tues 12 - 8
Wed 12 — 4
Thurs 12 - 4
Fri 12 - 4

2M ny member who doesn't show up

for one work shift without notifying
their committee coordinator will
have their membership revoked im-
mediately. Subject Ia appeal
through the steering committee.

 

 

AND THIS, FROM THE MID-SEVENTlES,
rs CALLED THE "RAPE 0F THg
ART HISTORY PROGRAM ,1

 

    

where the ﬁne arts are encouraged. Certainly an

 

Edllur’s Note: First ofaserics on the budget cuts. and
their (ﬁr-ctr on the um.

However. all these vital uspects of our cultural heritage.
us well as the efforts and achievements of outstanding
contemporary artists. remain a closed book to the
visually illiterate."

 

There waxs a lot of cultural bullshit."

(WcuIrMﬁu-lludruduu)

[untied by slur/mt mun-mum:

 

 

Tor) many of us are in places
we dont want to be. Doing things
we really don't want to be doing.
Sometimes, it's bccuusc we can’t
think of nnythin ' butter to do—but
that's no way to Ive.

Since you have only one life to
live, you ml ht as well live It with
joy . . . wit is feeling of sntlsfuc-
tion and nccom lishmcnt . . . on
the knowledge 1 at you are giving,
not taking. Why not decide to live
for the best . . . for is great purpose
. . . for something bigger thun you
are?

if you wont to change the di-
rection of your life, you mi ht ln-
vestigate the Paullst wn of iving.
Thu l’nullsts are u smul group of

 

      
     
       
    

 

Catholic priests dedicated to preach-

muusrs 

I an“?! Address
cv. k D S
l "bum Etr‘t" e Inna. C.S.P.,

WHY UVE A UFE
Will-[All MEANth?

 

[— “Mtulonuriu iu llimirrn America _ _- ‘1

 

 

City—M

 

ing the Gospel of Christ to the
American people. For over 100
years the Puu lsts have done this
through the communication tutti—
hnn‘ks, publications, television und
radio—0n college campuses, in pur-
ishes, in missions In the .S., In
downtown centers. in working with
young and old. Because We tire flex-
lblc, we continually pioneer new
approaches. To do this we need
dedicated, innovative men to curry
on our work.

To find out whut rand God has
chosen us to walk is one of the most
important trtsks of our life.

Wlticlt mud will be yours?

For more Information on
Puullsts. fill out the coupon 
mulltn y

 

  

 

 
   

 

MONTESSORI

Teacher Training Program
APPROVED BY THE

AMERICAN IONTESSOITI SOCIETY
Sixth AERCO Summer Academic
Program for 8 weeks from June 23.
1976 to August 13, 1976 to be
followed by a nine month Internship
Experience. Students will be trained
in the Montessori phil050phy and
teaching method. child development
and learning materials for pre-school
programs. Now at two.localions.
AERCO/ Ithaca Program conducted on
the campus of Cornell University and
AEROO/Phlla. Program conducted on
the Ambler campus of Temple Uni
versily, where you can spend your
summer in the Bicentennial area.
For Information and brochure, call or write
AEilCll/ithsca Montessori Teacher
Training Program (Malling Auurem

Mr. Kenneth Bronsil

1374 Meadowbright Laue

Cincinnati, Ohio 45230

(513) 231-0868

AEllCO/i'ltllstlelpttls Montessori Teacher
Training Pro run

1400 East illow Grove Ave.

 

 

 

, . . . . . . . "sun....r.r..r.uu..uu.r ..

 

“sun...” ...
u r r . r . . . .rr

 

 

 

u . r . r r r ..

by Tina Lineer

“Now, Whill were we talking about
Jun asks, smiling innocently at her con-
ﬁdante. “Oh yes. the men in my life.“

The bright blue eyes ﬂash with
laughter. with tension, with excitement.
and thc straight-haired head bobs gently.

The long legs. covered by u long
lavender dress. are stretched luxuriously
across a shiny wooden table top; the
slender figure is perched neatly in a white
vinyl dining room chuir.

“Let‘s see . . . ,“ she reﬂects.

Then the 21-year old tcuchcr. therapist,
Michigan State grad student. and
liberated woman a la Isadora Wing/ Erica
Jong, leans forward and confesses in a
hushcd voice.

“The men in my life. David Bomb,
whose parents were going to name him
Adam Bomb, but whose mother chunng
it the last minute. Duvid Adam Bomb.
who was 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighed
250 pounds at 17, had frilly hair in two
poofs like a clown; and was very large and
round and rotund."

Her ﬁngers promptly shoot out from
her ears and her stomach in swirling
motions to demonstrate the pools and the

roundncss. I
“Now at 21. Dttvid Bomb is liilll 5'5“,

but wcurs heels to make him 5'7“ and is a
bit thinner. but not much."

“David Adam Bomb worshipped me,"
she continues. simply. "llethought l was

qr

 

 

duntastic. He was the ﬁrst person i ever

Men...

took No—Doz with. l was afraid to take
No-Doz myself."

At this, Jun th‘OWS her head back and
laughs.

The soft white facial skin glows under a
single ceiling light.

The light hair dances across her
forehead and she sweeps it away with a
pale hand whose pointed nails seem to cut
the space around her.

For hours, she has been floundering
around the small New Hampshire trailer
home, contemplating her sundry adven-
tures with the male sex.

“So, David Bomb was madly and
passionately in love with me." site main-
tuins, "but lfound him to be a twirp. At
this time in his graduate career, he en-
joycd wearing a black leather hat, black
cape. and red thermal sweat pants. and
carried his father's machete from Spain.
He loved to zoom across my room. Can
you just picture it?" she asks. the head
bobbing.

Soon Jan is quiet. Pulling hcrlegs from
the table. she carefully smoothes out her
dress.

Then, with u swift jerk, site rises and
walks to the window, and watches the
Dcccmbcr snow fall softly, in tune with
the murmur of a nearby brook.

Placing f orchead to pane. she chuckles
once more—a high screechy sound, a bit
like a wheeze.

“it‘s all quite absurd, really." the young
therapist continues, relaxing again.

“At school, I hung out inthe stairwells.
I met all the other stairwell types. Now,
this is grad school—you ﬁgure you don't
meet these any more, ones that come up
to you and snicker, ‘Hcy, lady. you really
have a bedroom voice.‘ "

"Shall 1 tell you about Chuck? Chuck
Wagon, hunky man, who whispered, ‘l'd
like to travel in your gully.”

She shakes her head ﬁercely and the

ﬁne hair smacks against her cheeks. SheI

muttcrs, indignantly.

“Chuck Wagon. The ultimatcinjustlce.
He is grease, he is vomit. Get this—he in-
vited me to a wicnie roast that started at
12:00 at night. at his house. How the fuck
did he think I'd get home?“

The eyes are wide and angry. but with
a spark of amusement glistentngthrough.
Jan begins to tqu faster. immersing
herself In the memories.

'Thcn there was a man from Uganda.
My roommutc‘s boyfriend. l was in my
sleeping bag and he asked if he could
crawl In there with me. He made some
subtle passes, wrote u few love letters.

‘Thcn Gary. another stairwoll type,
was after my ass. So I startcd’acting all
snippy and mean, and he couldn't unders-
tand it. But,“ she stresses. “rather than
having allthese goons panting at you. you
have to be mean and unreceptlve."

By the end of the night. Jan is weary.
Shc paces the room, often pausing by the
windows to watch the whiteness. Shéhttd'
come to New Hampshire to relax, to en-
joy the snow. to escape academia. and
mostly, to ﬂee from a painful romance.

“Let's see what else I could tell you,“
she says thoughtfully, the eyes intense.
sharp like her fingernails.

“I suppose it all comes down to Robert
Martin, who flew me around in his
father‘s mini-jet, to houses in Chicago
and Wisconsin. Robert Martin. who‘s
deeply in love with me. but goes to Aspen
Colorado to fuck a million and one snow
bunnies. Who broke his thumb skiing,
but still skis and still fucks, but tries to put
Jun on the shelf. thinking he can reach
for her whenever he wants. The one man
who keeps her going In some sort of
rebellion against him . . . "

And the hands ﬂy up and the nails
pierce the air and the voice trails.

More More!!!
On Page M
J

 

 

 

