 

 

 

"" 0‘ v 0"
. 2“ '1’.ln'

 
  
     

   

 Northwestern‘s Cindy said,..lf a woman wants At the University of Mississippi, sexual at-  a .g ’ d n
-. to be a virgin when she gets married, that's just titudes appeared to be far more conservative ‘  a: - - '
': as liberated as somebody who wants to sleep than at the other schools studied. Girls have- ﬁcfgse'  ’   g a  w o.

’ ‘5» ' 8"

 

 

 

A survey of _ college women on six campuus
conducted by Playboy magadne'rev'eals not
only a pattern of widespread and varied sexual
aaivity but atxual social pressure on new girls
who are viran to change their lifestyle.

The survey turned up coeds bent on break-
ing records for sleeping withthe most menina
year to girls who refuse to pa their boyfriends
on a date. It also found that heterosexual ac-
tivity appears to be engaged in by most of the
women interviewed. but that a substantial
number beve’ engaged in lesbian sexual
relations and a few confessed to bisexual
single aaivity. One young woman said she
went so far as to satisfy her boyfriend's desire
for punishment by pouring hot chicken soup
on him.

Pointing out that the survey was a random
sampling rather than a scientiﬁc, structured
poll. the magazine said. nevertheless. that the
tape recording made by its interviewer
revealed major shifts in coed sexual
practices—including a demand for men to
play a greater role in birth control.

The college girls were interviewed at Yale. a
once-male lvy bastion that now has one
woman for every two men; Vassar. which has
just the opposite ratio; Albertus Magnus. an
all-women's institution: Northwestern, a Big
Ten coed private school; the University of
Mississippi; and Bryn Mawr—Haverford.

ly. have now been merged. (lncidentally.al| of
the- names have been changed to protect their
privacy, but the girls are real and what they say
is more than realistic.)

Whereas in the not-too-distant past a coed
could gets “bad reputation" if it was learned
she slept with men, the “bad-girl and good-girl
classifications” don't exist anymore, a
Northwestern coed named Cindy said. Not
only has the stigma once attached to female
activity vanished, but Rita. at Northwestern
coed, said, “When I got here. every girl on my
floor was on the pill. Those who weren't heavi-
ly involved with boys wanted to be and it put a
lot of pressure on youto get rid of your virgini-
ty. It was a burden. ljust wanted to get rid of
it!”

However. another coed said she respected
the views of girls who intended to maintain
their virgin status until marriage.

where female and male campuses. respective- .

around. I would like to sleep with more people
before marriage." Cindy said her boyfriend is
urging her to do so before they get married
with the thought of heading off extramarital
affairs later. '

A 20-year-old girl. Marla, of Albertus
Magnus. a school having religious overtones,
said“ “There are still a certain number of
virgins around. You can tell who's who from
the seating in the cafeteria; everyone sits at the
long tables in their own groups—the virgins
apart from the non-virgins. the cool separated
from the non-cool." She went on to insist.
“You can tell by their dress, too. The virgins
tend to walk around in little skirts and
stockings—maybe go-go boots. with a
ponytail and pink ribbon~and their hair set
when they aren't going anywhere."

But she asserted. “There is promiscuity and

7 virginity here. And lately. lesbianism has been

fairly rampant on this campus and at Yale.
too. I hear. At Albertus. itjust sort of erupted
last year. I think from women's spending too
much time together rather than from actual
tendencies.” Marla said. “I'd say there are
about eight or ten of the 25 in this house who
are bisexual—but they don't peddle their
wares."

The Albertus Magnus student recalled.
“Last year, we had this group of girls who had
tremendous orgies. They were lesbian. bisex-
ual . . . they just didn't care. They felt they
were very fashionable and let everybody know
what they did. Not that anyone cared. Once
they put the elevator on stop and had a little
orgy in it."

By and large. though. there is general agree-
ment that maintaining a virginal status on
campus is a losing cause. One IB-year-old
Northwestern girl. Donna. summed up the
matter in these words: “The majority of girls
on this campus are not virgins. l guess, but I
think there are a lot of us. Virgins are put in a
position of being on the defensive. i don‘t like
someone who isn‘t. a virgin attacking me— and
this happens— saying. ‘Well. why don't you
give it up?"

 

“When i got here, every girl on my ﬂoor

‘esexsexsexsexsexs
and The College Student

ing a heterosexual affair are not aptto boast of
it. Moreover. the “good girl-bad girl” distinc-

‘ tion apparently wiped out at big northern un-

iversities persists at Ole Miss. “Girls here don't

talk about sex, they talk about marriage,” says

21-year-old Melissa. “The attitude is. 'I'm
totally ignorant. but from what I ltear about
sex. you're going to have a good time (after
marriage)" She added. “I don't think they're
scared of sex; they're more afraid of what their
roommates might think of them."

She explained the conservative attitude by
saying. “Boys here have been brought up ad-
miring the Southern’belle. That‘s what their
mothers were. that's what they want their
sisters to be and they don't want to admit
they're dating anyone who has slept with three
or four other boys. That‘s a whorel" Ex-
pressing admiration for northern coeds who
have more sexual freedom, Melissa said. “I
think that would be great. But in the South.
you‘d be a social outcast, a joke. a whore.
Nobody would take you to a party or out in
public."

Another Ole Miss coed said her ﬁance in-
vited her to spend the night in his dorm and
although both wanted sex. the abstained from
intercourse. Her fiance told her while escor-
ting her home at two a.rn.. “I would have
thought you were cheap to spend the night."

Up north. it's another story. At Vassar. 18-
year-old Juliaremarked.“Most people I know
have had more sexual experiencethan l have.

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

One of my friends had 37 lovers her fresh n
year. Some were crummy, some were go ;
she really cares about people. One guy] in w
has 44 lovers marked on his calendar.“

If Julia is correct in her belief that her frierids‘
are more sexually active. it is a wonder any
studying is being done. Julia admits to having
been in four “Menage a Irnis" situations. at
times with two men and also with another
woman and a male loversimultuncously.“l've
made it with two other women an the same
time. too. Group sex is really more interesting.
It goes on much longer; you past- yourself
differently. The last session I wus involved in
lasted l2 hours. One went on for nine. ’l‘hcre's
a lot to do.“ Julia said.

She also recalled satisfying n mnlc lover who
wanted to be tied up and beaten. "Wt- com~
promised," she said. “I poured chicken soup
on him."

At Yale, 2l-ycar-old Abby rook lilt' oppor-
tunity her first two years on campus to have
“just an amazing experience. scxunll)‘. sleep-
ing with a lot of different people." in
retrospect, she felt she didn't find pmnmcuity
satisfying. “There are girls at Yntc uhu have
slept with absolutely everybody." xhu mid. in-
dicating that many coeds on: promiscuous.
“They‘re real big whores around campus.
known for it and don't mind. 'l'hcy‘vc slept
with a different guy every weekend of their
Yale carcerandthey don‘t want nimhing You
can see their names in the bathrooms."

 
  
  

Then, betraying a touch of competitive
spirit. she added. “I've slept with a lot more
boys than my friends have. but we don't sit
around comparing notes.”

‘ Bryn Mawr coed Diana, l8. prefers sex

night. he attracts me for an evening or I've
been watching him and I want to sleep with
him . . .'l will ! And then I'll get out of bed
and not think-'any more about it. no commit-
ment.”

Some coeds said they must be involved
emotionally with a man either toenjoy sex ful-
ly or to feel good about themselves mentally,
or both. Seena. age 20. of Bryn Mawr, said, “I
found I could only really enjoy a man's body.
including his penis. if I had emotional feeling
as well. Sex is the ultimate enjoyment and I
know instinctively that it shouldn‘t be
restricted to the emotion of love; but unless
there‘s a tremendous factor of reciprocity. I
feel like a tramp. I enjoy sex more and put
more of myself into it when I'm in love."

Among college girls, the survey found grow-
ing realization that men are sexually ignorant
about women ‘and also a determinaiton by
coeds to require their sex partners to assume
more of the responsibility for birth control.
Yale's Abby. 21, says. “l ﬁnd that most boys at
Yale aren't that experienced and they don‘t
give a damn if the girl has an orgasm or not.
For the little pleasure you get out of it, frankly.
it's not worth it." Her colleague. Susan, also
20. said. “Women are discussing contracep-
tion more and comparing methods. Before, it
was the pill and nothing else. A lot of women
don’t want to put any chemical substances into
their bodies. and it‘s good to hear they're
thinking about alternatives and putting
themselves first." She said. “And some women
are insisting on condom and jelly or condom
with the diaphragm . . . makes the guy work
for it. too."

The survey also turned up the unique
woman. Barb. age [7. of Vassar. who confess-
ed. “l've become less liberal in my sexual at—

t a"

r  r
i l . I  ‘ t k
without comrrntment. “If I like someone for a .

 

   

 

 

 

      

 

i elitist?

 
   
   

((

 

 

was on the pill. "love who weren’t heavily involved

' 5 i-IAEiz'Ot-‘TtHirgrolLNEVi/iistsa Hgiougiig '
a w / r
: 5 SPEN THE NIGHT N Hts DOR/Vl. I, r.%/¢/g/ 

.' mil-

9/
/
r;

19'
97.3.3

    

_T'..  'vr outwit 
  its: 

     
   
 
 
 
     

  

pix.

.l\\

e’

  
   

 
    
   
    
  

titudc since I came to college. When I was 15
and 16. I thought it was great to have these
wild, whencver-you—fcel-like-it. whenever—it-
feels-good sexual relationships. I really don‘t
believe that anymore." Now. she says, she
looks discerningly for men with shared values.
And what has been the impact of Women's
Lib on the campus? Bryn Mawr‘s Kay. age 19.
said. uSo-called sexual liberation has been a
hype for many college Women because it's
gotten a lot of them jumping into bed. but it
hasn‘t resolved some basic conflicts." And the
main conflict. she says. is between her physical
needs and her need for romance. Ah, love!

    
  

W /" 15?” . . l
@591“; r“ ’ ‘9
“3‘0

.3?»

   

   

  

 .;;‘:‘ ‘
\sé» - Khan

.‘a.

    
    

x4.

       

w

     

  

     
    

 

S

- -‘
0-022020-

   

     

  
 

  
 
 
   

t. - \\ \  ,I:
I "tithitﬁ, ‘ 

  
 

.2

“Group sex is really more

interesting. it goes on snuefs
longer: you pace yourself

differently. The last session
1 was involved in "lasted 12

hours. One went on for nine.

 

THOUGHT YOU WERE

    

 
    
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
   

 

CHEAP lF YOU
WANTED TO

svitls boys wanted to be and it put a lot of pressure ,,
PEND THE NIGH  L-

on you to get'rid of your virginity. l t was a burden.

    

 

  

1 Just wanted to get rid ofit."

. J
ﬂﬂi/lﬂq,

// ,
«

  
 

 

4
PAGE 5A

 

 

PAGE 4A a , ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

