 

   

 What’s In
A Date?

by Robert M. Bartell

WASHINGTON, DC. (Liberty Lobby News
Service)- ‘

Feb. 22 was George Washington‘s birthday.
‘No. waitaminute. it was Feb. l6 . . . orwas
’ it the 28th? In any event. we didn't observe it

on his birthday in order to make the celebra-
tion more convenient for the government
work force. 01' so they say. I’m not so sure it
doesn‘t mean something else.

It would appear that shifting the birthday
celebration of America's honored leader
means more thanjust givingthe burcaucratsa
three-day week end. It includes a conscious
downgrading a de-cmphasis—of the memory
of George Washington. For nearly 200 years
school children have revered the memory of
the ﬁrst President. bringing nothing but credit

to the nation and the people.

Today we have the Pike Committee leaking
damaging information about the CIA and its
commander-in-chief’. the President. We learn
more unsavory details about several
Presidents who allegedly wereinvolvedinthe

overthrow of foreign governments. assassina-
tion of high government officials in various
foreign nations and stmdry sexual episodes
Presidents are considered to be ab‘ovc. To
learn your hero has feet of clay is dis—
illusioning and the state of disenchantment
extends to other Presidents.

I suppose historians have dttg up all the
damaging information they can abotit
Washington. This never interfered with our

' All those registered with a political party priorto
October 6, 1975 are eligible to vote in the

, new" YORK sure
PRIMARY

April 6. 1976

Forms for absentee voting will be available at
Quad Tables, CC Tables, and the NYPIRG
Office-CC 308

IT IS URGENT T0 ACT
PRIOR TO
MARCH 20, 1976

 7:51.21  “

This yearthe primaries are crucial, so please'vote.

respect for himas an ableleader.a statesman « ‘

and a Founding Father. Respea for the
presidency. in large measure. has been
supplanted with a cynical wariness as citizens
appear to be waitingto discover what else can
be uncovered about their leaders.

Not so in Washington's day. For example.
Lord Cornwallis. who commanded the

British forces at the battle of Yorktown and
who personally surrendered to Washington;
might have been an enemy onthe battleﬁeld.
but he was a friend afterthe war. In his declin-
ing years Cornwallis braved the North Atlan-
tic storms in order to accept an invitation to
visit General Washington . . . an old
soldier‘s ﬁnal tributcto an honored adversary.

Chateaubriand. foreign minister in the
court of Louis XVIII of France. knew
Washington. He also knew most ofthe greats
of his time—Byron. Wellington. Metternich.
George IV of England and Alexander of
Russia. Chateaubriand made no secret ofthc
fact that he admired Washington. Comparing
Washington with Napoleon. whom
Chateaubriand didn‘t like. he labeled
Napoleon a foreign-born crook. murderer and
conﬁdence man. He spoke of Napoleon‘s tac-
tic of using France as a pawn in order to
aggrandize himself. bleeding the French na-
tion white on a thousand battlefields. And he
tells of Washington. the proud but ambitious
American hero who retired prematurelyfrom
office to watch his nation learn to get along
without him.

Some may say. “What difference does it
make whether he get the right day or not’.l
Well. It‘s the thought that counts." And that's
thctrouble . . . titersis nothoughtanymore
oi the example this great man left us. 'l‘hcre is
no thought of the courage and inspiration
(ieorge Washington left to generations of
Americans for 200 years. It's much easier and
more convenient In today‘s pop-art culture to
pill him down. make himlesstlianhe “as. and
the nation is the poorer for It.

 

Reader's tutu/mails lll't' ll't'ft‘tlllll'. I’It'mt'
[um along tlIll pom/t of l'li‘Il Io I.i'lwrtr Loli-
/'l. I)l‘/II. 3-17, ,itm llitlt'pt'nilt'lii‘u .‘ii't’u .S'.I;'..
ll m/nnglon. I).(' .‘IItIlI_l,/

 

 

llllltll'l, In llllllt'lll uttmltlllmt

5" Sponsored by SA and NYPIRG funded by Student Tax

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

Pick Up Your (lorry Of
The Albany Student Press

 

ALBANY
§l UL)er I
was

 

0n Tuesdays And Fridays

* * Campus Center Lobby i at

All Quad Cafeterias * Library Lobby

. 3i  #5?—
l V  l OFF-CAMPU§ assocmiioa é
 IHT€R€§T M€€TING§
 Wednesday March 17 Thursday March~ 18
 3:00 and 7:00 4:00
 in OFF-CAMPUS STUDENT LOUNGE (past check cashing , next to billiards)
 At Any Of These Locations:
 WE NEED PEOPLE interested in Albany area and how its services can best be used by students.
I. Transportation 3. Repair Shops
. 2. Housing 4. Off-Campus Information

Desk

WellingtonHotel Annex * Draper Hall

t ;
i g Administration Building a: Infirmary

 

are some of the topics we hope to deal with. We have on office , a lounge and funds.
E I» WE NEED PEOPLE who are interested in what goes on outside the Ivory Towers. ‘
i
if
’3.
l‘  For more info call Sandy Volt 457-1296 or 438-4304 0’ Michal” Gil” 482-0414

 

INFORMATION SESSSION with a representative from Albany’s Bureau of

HOU'iIl‘iG COD€ €NFORC€M€HT

 

Business A

 

     
   

 

 

 

1‘  Wednesday , March 11, II om-I pm Potroon Lounge, Campus Center

funded hr nudnu animation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dministration Building

Mohawk Tower Lobby
* * * t * tr

I

First Floor Lounges In:

Performing Arts Center
Humanities Building

Biology Building

by Erica Silver

As we all now know. in recent yearsthe FBI
and the Nixon Administration had set out to
systematically oppress the “New Left“ and
anyone who opposed the US. policiesin Viet-
nam. During this effort. many methods of
harassment were perfected by the repressive
arms of the US. government. Now that the
war is over. these repressive efforts continue.
and today the harassment is being directed at
two of the most effective (and threatening)
movements for social change. the blackiibcra-
tion and radical feminist movements. The ul-
timate aim is to imprison or intimidate those
considered most dangerous.

A tactic employed toward this end is the re-
cent widespread abuse of the grand jury
process. By granting “use immunity“. the
government can imprison people withouttrial
for the duration of the grand jury whenever
subpconaed persons refuse to allowtheir per-
sonal rights of privacy to be violated.
QUASH. the newsletter ofthe NY Grand Jury
Project. is an endless litany of such cases
around the country. One recent grandjury in
NYC was established after contraband was
discovered in a courtroom near the three
lilack Liberation Army defendants then on
trial. Oddly enough. people attendingthetrial
were not searched that day after having been
searched every day previous to that. Coin-
cidencc‘! Twelve persons. all ofwhom Wcre ac-
tivists (includingtwo lawyers) who frequently
came to the trials to lend support to political
prisoners were subpoenaed. Six of them are
still lacing imprisonment for contempt.

During the FBI search for Susan Saxc and
Catherine Power. grtirtdjttrics were establish—
ed in Kentucky and Connecticut. ostensiblyto
acquire leads iii the search for these fugitives.
lloweier. the questions asked were so broad
that it hecatnc obvious that these grand jury
investigations were intended also to be in-
telligence gathering efforts into the feminist
anti gay communities. Grandmothers.
parents. employers and landlords were in-
lortncd of t he sexual preference of persons un-
der questioning. Two women in Connecticut
were recently freed after over eight months in
prison. .liIl Raymond in Kentucky is still im-
prisoned (without atrial) after a year. 'fhejail
conditions for Jill are harsh. She is allowed
visitors only twice a week. and she‘s the only
woman in the county jail.

Of course. once the age. ts of repression

 

and Justice;

achieve their ultimate aim of imprisoniitg also?
called dangerous person. this political

prisoner then has practically no protection ‘
from their abuse. Consider the case of Malta
Shakur. a member of the Black Liberation '

Army. Since May. I973 Assata has been In
jail. and she has yet to be convicted of any

I} crime. She has been acquitted in three trials.-

and one trial ended in a hung jury.

Throughout these trials in NYC. Assata was '

dept in the psychotic ward at Rikers. For
refusing to let the prison doctors treat her.
aftert he delivery of a child. eleven male guards
beat her. causing internal bleeding and head
injuries. Her fifth and ﬁnal trial begins this
month in New Brunswick. NewJersey.

Assata Shakur has conductedﬁpolitical
trials": that is. she has used her trials as a
forum to expose injuatices. Another such trial
will begin in April when Susan Saxe begins her
defense. Susan's case hits been tied to the in~
cidences of grandjury abuse mentioned above
and with concern over prison conditions. She
accepted a ten year sentence last summer to
prevent further investigation into the
Philadelphia women‘s community. She has
made it clear that she intends to light to keep
her trial and other struggles against the in»
justice system from being seen as separate
ligitls. People are organi/ing throughout the
country around Susan Saxe. Assata Shakur.
grand jury abuse. and prison reform struggles.
Demonstrations and benefits have been held
in litany cities: many alternative newspapers
and organi/ations have been trying to spread
the word. Obviously. in this short space. only
the barest outlines could be relatedtoyou. but
hopefully you‘ll seek ottt more information.
'llic struggle against oppression and for the
rights of political prisoners is a difficult one.
As Assata Shakur has said. “'I‘hroughottt
America's history. people liaie been im-
prisoned because oftheir political beliefs. and
charged with criminal acts in order tojustify
that imprisonment. . .lsat nexttoa pregnant
woman who was doing 90 days for taking a
box of Pampers. Anti watched on W the par-
doning of a president who had stolen millions
of dollars. and who had been responsible for
the death of hundreds ofthousands of human
beings. . .l have been awaiting trial for 2%
years. andjustice. in myeyesigbt. has not been
the American dream. it has been the American
nightmare."

The Bookstore will be closed
Friday April 2 and

Saturday April 3

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

to take inventory.

Please

plan your purchases

accordingly.

 

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

 

 

 

 

