   
  
    
   
    
    
   
   
  
 
 

   
 
   
  
   
   
  
 

aacrtortttt “
necoutteutw'toua CONCERNING
ACIMMC‘I’RATI am omen concur
" rurtcrtort .

Adnttrtlatrdfva and Omar Ittpport Functlorta
The previous section of this report dealt with

academic programs and units and the support

functiom which are associated directly with those
units. Wherever possible. we have attempted to
relate resources to academic units. Thus. non-
teaehing professional positions like assistant dean.
classiﬁed positions like typist or technical assistant.
and management conﬁderttial positions like dean.
were included in the consideration of the academic
programs and urtits reported inthe previous section.
There remain a large number of functions. ofﬁces
and personnel which. although frequently related to
the academic functions ofthe University. cannot be
speciﬁcally associated with an individual academic
uttit. The library. whichsupportsall academic units.
is a good example. The Educational
Communication Center. and the Performing Arts
Center. are other examples. Some ofﬁces provide
strictly administrative services. such as the Budget
group in the Controller‘s Ofﬁce; other are necessary
to support the needs of a University Community of
over 18.000 persons. such as Physical Plant. the
Carpentry Shop. the Purchasing Ofﬁce. for
example; and still others perform speciﬁc services
for identiﬁable groups within the University
Community. such as the Payroll Ofﬁce. Student
Activities Ofﬁce. and the Ofﬁce of Sponsored
I-unds.

We have organized the discussion of all the
administratite and other support functions
according to fines of reporting responsibility. All of
the functions discussed Inthis section report directly
to the Office of the President or to one of the four
Vice Presidents.

Offlea of the President

The highest level administrators on this campus
are the President. the Executive Vice President and
Vice President for Academic Affairs. the Vice
President for Management and Planning. the Vice
President for University Affairs. and the Vice
President for Research. Currently. the Ofﬁce ofthe
President consists of the President. two

professionals and two stcnographers (classified.

positions). One of the professionals is assigned to
tlte Office of the Vice President for University
Affairs (the Assistant for University
Communication). the second is the head of the
newly organized Office of Planning and
Information Systems described below. The Ofﬁce of
the President is staffed quitethinly andinthefuturc
may require some augmentation for effective
functioning.

Seeking means of possible " ‘ " nndthus

satinp. the Task Force spent considerabletimc in
ret'i-wing the functions and stafﬁng levels of the
President's Ofﬁce and each of the Vice President's
offices (the Vice Presidents" offices are described in
subsequent sections). We concluded that. although
thete are a variety of ways by which top
administration of this University could be
reorgani/ed. no practical alternative was available
\\ hich would permit the elimination of any ofthese
olfiecs witltout seriously handicapping the
management of the University. Labels and
functions may be altered. but few ﬁscal resources
can be saved. 1

We reviewed the number of staff assigned to the
President‘s and Vice Presidents' ofﬁces and
compared SUNY-Albany's complement with the
other three SUNY University Centers. Albany‘s
\llllllng appears to be the thinnest of tthfour
centers. The staff assigned to the Office of the
President. Executive Vice President. and Vice
President at the four University Centers are shown
in the following table:

[aaa Tabla V]

The reduction in the sire of Albany‘s top level
management occurcd in 1971 with an administrative
reorganization which consolidated atleastsix major
areas into three positions: Executive Vice President
and Vice President for Academic Affairs. Vice
President for Research and Dean of Graduate
Studies. and ﬁnally. University Affairs and Student
Affairs. Whilethe President may wish to consider a
variety of options in reorganizing his top
administrative units. the Task Force did not find
any immediate ﬁanancial gains that could he
obtained through reductions in these offices beyond
the individual recommendations which are
contained in descriptions below.

The Office of Planning and tnformatlon
Systems

This is a recently established ofﬁce designed to
address more effectively the management
information needs of this campus. and to provide
the Ofﬁce of the President with a strong planning
capacity. This unit. under the direction of the
Assistant to the President. brings together the staffs
of the Computing Center. the Ofﬁce for
Institutional Research and the Office of
Management Information Systems. each of whichis
briefly described below. The Task Force endorses
the concept ofsuch a centralized unit. In the course
of its studies. it became increasingly aware ofthe
critical need for better management information
and planning in this University. T he Task Force it
concerned that academic services. particularlytboee
related to the Computing Center. will be protected

PAGE 6A

even Mtdmgtatlguunﬁfm .
tti ' 19 e n - _
railingsh I977. 'rtte Tﬁk Elite: believes no a
' redutnion of? .25professiottal and 2 classified
" positiot'u brim-7,3 Ihould befeutble. '

 

  

UM. MW ‘
The'Admisalona all“ has a total of l6.5

 . . . _ positions pith an annual personnel budget of
M ‘ en“ lifdih'talfon System's—711m  SMM:'-Atrt‘brlg lite SUNY University Centers.
was formerly under the 'Vice President for only Binghanttonhatfewer staffinthe Admissions
Management and Planning. As presently operation. explained by their much smaller
constituted It consists of four'personnel responsible undergraduate enrollments. OurI comparative
for the development and ' administration of analysis indicates that the Admissions Ofﬁce II
manga'gement information programs. This is In lightly staffed and efﬁciently manIagIed. '
area of special need as a review of many programs Over the past fewaesrstheAdmisstons Ofﬁce has
and ofﬁces will reveal. The Task Force found. seen large increasesln the number of applications
signiﬁcant . shortcomings in the information handled. with no corresponding increase in
available in many units which simply and directly personnel. Little if any diminution of tIcIIVITll '1
means that facttlty. student and administration anticipated in the future; it is our expectation that
services are unnecessarin handicapped. The work the ofﬁce must maintain the present volume of
ofthe Management Information Systems groupln applicants to ensure high quality students. To
developing programs such as single billing systems maintain this volume. it may become necessary '0
‘or students or automated accounting proeeaures increase recruitment activities in the future.
for ﬁscal management. as well as maintaining such The Task Force recommends noI stafﬁng changes
systems. is imponant and the Task Force supports for I976 or for I977; reductions Ishould
the stafﬁnglevel which exists here. considered only in the face of additional ﬁsIcal
Computing Center— The Computing Center has restraints or changes in application procesttng
four organizational units: Systems and Operations. technology.

Production Scheduling and Quality Control. Unlvaratty Collage I

Administrative Systems Development. and The University College is responsible for the
Academic Services. Three of these units are headed academic advisement of lower division students
by Assistant Directors. A manager is in charge of until this responsibility is moved to the unit of the
Produciton Scheduling: all four report to the declared major. Historically this shift occurred
Directorfwho in turn reports to the Assistant tothe when the student had completed at least 56 credits
President. and had declared a major. In I97S-76.the ﬁgure was

The report from a recent external evaluation is reducedto48credits because of workload problems
not yet available. but several pointsemcrgefromthe created by a reduction in the number of staff
Computing Center‘s self-study document.andfrom assigned to University College. The volume of
the combined experience of many members of the advisement is highasindicated by the 3.603 students
Task Force. Our over-all impression is that the in the fall of I975:' of whom almost 2.000 were
center is doing a ﬁncjob under rather severe stafﬁng freshmen.
and budgetary conditions. The Academic Services The staff includes nine professionals. four
unitisstrong.cffectivc and hard-pressedto keep up classiﬁed personnel. and ten graduate assistants.
with the demands of its users and rapidly-changing The advisement work of the University College has
technology. The center‘s short courts: in various been evaluated favorably by external reviewers. In
computer languages have been extremely well- an internal study of advisement. sponsored by the
received. The Administrative Systems Development Undergraduate Academic Council. and reported to
unit appearsto be the most problematic area. with the UAC in February I976. it was indicated that
serious understaffing and increasing demands on its many regular faculty advisers felt that the liaison
services. The self-study points to a need for system withthe University College functioned well.
personnel with expertise in important areas of and students generally found University College
software development. the necessity for increased advisers accessible. The study is limited. but it was
automation of accounting functions is an example discovered that students. both in and out of the
of such an area. The remaining units seem to be University College. were reasonably pleased with
functioning well. although are also understaffed. their advisement.

The services of the ComputingCenterand its staff The University at Albany is overstuffed in this
are clearly essentialto all aspects ofthe University. budget category compared to the other three
and it appearsthut we aregettinga verygood return Centers. and we must reduce the positions and
on our investment. expenditures in this area. We have discussed the

The Task Force reeommendsthe addition of two role. location and cost of University College.
professional positions to the Administrative Although the present system. as noted above. is
Systems Development ttnit in I976. We also working well. ﬁscal pressures cause us to focus on
recommendtbc addition of one classiﬁed positionin University College for reductions. We have not
Production Scltcdulittg in I976. Although we have developed a ﬁrm recommendation forthe future of
no speciﬁc recommendation for I977. increasing University College. but recommend that various
demand for computing services will call for alternatives for handlinglower division advisement
continued rcticw of the resources allocated the be carefully explored.

Computing Center and possible additional The Task Force rccommendstbatthe function of
allocation in the future. advising undeclared students remain for the time
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS being with University College. The suggested study
Offlca of the Executive Vtca President and Vice should explore how advisement can be carried out

“ ‘ f ‘ " ' A If" under various organizational alternatives. We
recommend a reduction of two professional
positions and one classiﬁed position in I976. By
I977 the future organizational form of
undergraduate advisement should be settled. and
future resource allocations made on the basis of the

 

   
 
   
   

 
 
   
    
 
 

 
 
  

  

   
   
 
    

 

 
  

   
 
 
   
    
    
     

      
 

  

 

 

 

      
       
    

   
  

    
  
 

 

This ofﬁce combines the Office of the Executive
Vice President and t he Vice President for Academic
Affairs. Each ofthe otherSUNY University Ccnters
has two distinct positions.unlike this campus which
consolidates them. Aside from the Vice President.
this ofﬁce is staffed by two professionals and one
classified position. It is a unit which has extremely
broad responsibilities reaching across all academic
divisions and schools. the Office of Graduate and
Undergraduate Studies. the Library and others.
With at least seventeen units directly rcporti ngtoit.
it is minimally stuffed and is able to function at its
resent level of efficiency only through
dccctttrttlizing a good deal of decision-making and
managerial responsibility to deans anti directors of
programs. The Task Force f avorsthis decentralized
managerial systt’m. However. wtttt the sparse staff
itt this office. great care must be takeitt adding more
functions to it.
Office of Undergraduate Studies
This office consists oftwo professionals and one
classiﬁed position. It has responsibility for
Undergraduate Admissions, the Registrar's Office.
and University College. each of which is described
below. It is the view of the Task Force that the
MIIVIIICS Ul- IIW MENU" “an 0m” “I Personnel and acquisition allocations for the
U ndcrswduutc Admissions if” WIHII\’§JIY Sulf' University Library are budgeted through aseparttte
contained and could function with it minimum of library bugger calcgmy, The SUNY cam”) ofﬁce
“4"!”lech WPWVISIPP‘ Sim“: “Vi-“mum and the Division of the lludgct maintain detailed
activities performed through xluff 0f “mt/mill data bases which permit statewide analysis and
College tnny bc subttttntially curtailed as well (see ammo) of library expendiru,95_
Whit-“Ilium W000" 9" UHTWNIIY Ctlllcgl‘h lht‘ Externulrevicws ofacudcmic uttitsand programs
responsibilities ofthis ofﬁce will be sharply reduced. generally include 3 review of the library concern...
The Task Force believes there will no longer be a mum] m r)“; discipline, The Gradual: Academic
need for it Dean's ofﬁce to coordinate the [W Council's rcvich during the past five years have
I't-‘mulllinb' "CllVlIicﬁ “hilt-"1 ‘0 undersraduulc toucltcd almost every part of the total collectiott.
studies. The Tusk Force thus I’L'Ctmlmc'lds lhc with assessments of adequacy and strength in the
abolition of the Offlcc 0i II": Dean "I majority of areas. but with weaknesses indicated in
undﬂgmdumc Small” by rcducins “1 1995! 09° several graduate collections. The Task Force‘s
Pmlcﬁslnnﬂl POSIIl‘m I" I977-7“ “ml the WW I" lchIy recommended program priorities should
I97li-79. 'l'hcsc reductions WUUhI be mm“ 09”“ enable the library to strengthen the weaker
asliumf’lll)" W" Wilhl" ll“: “W WI" 9 “New”? collections for unitt which are being continued.
99V“on Pill“ Will I"? formula!“ ,VYIIICI‘ I The I975 external review of the library itself
Provide for (I) ll“: ‘ul P’OPflmc s'JIICI'V‘S‘O“ oflhc praised the bibliographic decisiqu which had been
Registrar's Ofﬁce an the Ofﬁce fo Undergradlmtc made in the past decade. Despite the tremendous
AdmissionS. (2) the rcIOCﬂliﬂn 0f the ﬂdVIScmt‘m acquisition pace. wltich moved thclibraryfromless
functions of the University Collette. and (.3), the than Ioo.0tl0 volumes in I962 to it major research
adequate provision for admisteringthosc ucttvttIIes. “hm-y. cummty yanking in Sign among (he mp
(cg. the Undergraduate Academic Counc") WhICh eighty North American University libraries. a
are necessary to ustrongundcrgraduate program On collection of substantial quality has been built here.
this campus. The library‘s future will be quite unlike its past.
Radstur‘a Office however. and this fact must condition the
With a budget of approximmcly 5235-000 ll“! management and objectives of the library in the
Re 'strar's Ofﬁce has an FTE Istaff of 25.25. live 9f future. The next ﬁve years will
which are professional. RclﬂllWIY Illllc Chit"? ‘3 consolidation. reﬁnement and, in budget terms,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

new plan.
Office of International Programs

The Ofﬁce of International Progratns is a small
unit with two professional staff (one of whom. the
director. also teaches occasionally in the French
Department) and one classified position. The office
has responsibility for promoting. organizing and
monitoring overseas programs and plans of study.

The Task Force ﬁnds that many ofthe functions
of the Ofﬁce of International Programs are highly
related to the functions ofthe International Student
Advisement Ofﬁce which is part of Student Affairs.
We recommend that the two ofﬁces be merged by
the beginning of the [977-78 academic year. The
new. combined office should Itavc at least two
professional lines and one classiﬁed position. Ifthis
staffing pattern is feasible. it will result In the
reduction of one professional and one classified
position in I977.
The Library

tar The I976 _ I
resulted in the retnoval ofthfee ofessional and one
classiﬁed position from the library. The l916-77
Governor's budget requires a reduction of ﬁve

be it period of

get em haveslready

ti . I
sumo evaluators have noted a possible

overstafﬁng in the technical services unit,

nicutarl in view of the increasing use of
groom-ted systems and the availability of
preprinted reference cards from outside vendors.
The library currently has 92 lines in the lyptlt‘.

., ,“ andclerk _, ' We I
a careful review of the responsibilities asIstgned to
personnel in these titles. cou led with increased
attention to further systemizatton and automation.
which should identify some resources which can be
released.‘

The professional staff will find their
responsibilities changing as a reaulItIoIf the leveling
off (and possible shrinking) of acquisition volumetn
the future. Internal readjustment and reassignment
may permit some reductions in the professional

      
 
 

staff.

The Task Force recommends that at least one
professional line and four classiﬁed lines be
eliminated in the Library in I977 and redeployed.
These cuts are in sdditionto the elimination of three
professional lines and two classiﬁed lines already

tanned for I976.
Unlta Budgatad Undar Organizad AdlvltlaaI

Organized activities is a budget category which
includes a number of service and support functions
which are not directly related to instruction and
which. therefore. are not budgeted in the Instruction
and Departmental Research category. Effective
April l. 1976. the Educational Communications
Center will be budgeted under Organized Activtties
rather than General Institutional Services. The t Iotnl
personnel budget for Organized Activities
(including the Educational Communications
Center) is SI.I2 million and 68 positions. Before
moving to a discussion ofthe individual accounts
under Organized Activities. itshouldbe noted that
this category is budgeted separately by the Division
of the Budget. The Albany campus does not receive
funds for Organized Activities on the basis of
student enrollments. as in the Instruction and

Departmental Research category. Organized
Activities is reviewed as a separate entity each year.
leaving the campus vulnerable to directed cuts or
reductions without the limits of a formula or ratio
based budget guidelines. To retain the funds
budgeted under Organized Activities. the University
must each year defend each of the separate accounts
and activities included in this category.
Educatlonat Communlcatlona Canter

The Educational Communications Center has 42
positions and a personnel budget of $685,000 per
year. The Center provides a number of support
services for instruction including the Lecture
Centers and the Listening Center. audio/visual.
motion picture and TV equipment and service. and
a full range of graphics and photography services.
The Center also participates actively in i nstructional
development by providing professional staff who
can work with faculty as full participants in
instructional development proyccts. going far
beyondthe routine production tasks associated with
the appropriate media. The Center also supports
faculty research. the Public Relations Office. and
provides general institutional support for special
events and numerous student activities.

Our brief review of the Edttcational
Communications Center highlighted several areas
of signiﬁcant strength. The Center's staff includes
several individuals who are remarkably professional
and extremely talented by the standards of their
own craft. Yet the Center‘s history has not been
impressive. particularly when viewed against the
resources which have been allocated in the past
decade to staff and to equip it. There are several
reasons for this. including a massive university
cotnmitment to buildings and equipment centered
on largelecturc. TV dominated instruction precisely
at a time when individualized instruction.
interactive media attd instruction. and the motion
picture were ascending The fact that faculty
members found the use of media inappropriate in
many courses or viewed such approaches as
gimmicks did not help. There was little real. orcvcn
fclt. demand for the staffandtcchnolugy available.

Changes witltitt the Educational
Communications Center in the past few years have
alleviated some ufthesc problems. IIIin priority has
been placed on an Instructional Development Unit
established in I973. Internal controls and
accountability have improved the effectiveness of
scvctul service units. The Center‘s output of ﬁlm.
video tape playbttcks and lecture center classes
supported ltasittcrettscd steadily. Between l972and

I975 the ttuntbcr of “work functions“ in graphics
attd still pltotugraplty increased by 63 percent with it
relatively constant st ttfﬁng pattern.

The external review of the Educational
Communications Center supports the father
development ofthe Instructional Development Unit
tutti recommends the addition of two specialists to
that group. an experienced instructional
development specialist attd an evaluation ttnd
measurement specialist. The Task Force concurs.
but suggests that resources to fund the new positions
will have to be found within the Educational
Communications Center‘s present budget
allocation.

Our review indicates ti relatively heavy workload
in all units of the Center except in the TV
Production Uttit. In this unit there tire signiﬁcant
peaks and valleys in the workload frequently
requiring the drawing of resources from other units
such as the Technical Shop. but the over-all
workload may be lessthunin other units. We believe
that economies are possible in TV Production and
the 'l‘echttical'Shop through better planning and
scheduling and through more aggressive efforts to

sprIuIrc outside support for it few members of the
5f .

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

  
   
 
    

 
    
   

  
 

 

 

"f a ' positions’ean babelldtiumhu
Inga-zlhh shtiIuldIIlIrchoulble to retailing
ex“. _u in a cw t staff
state litter Would be lost. mm". "hm

‘ ﬁle”an Arta Cartier
.The Performing Arts Centerhu 3.25 Ilttea
maze! under Organized Activities—a technical

       
  

   
    
  
   

s nd three-quarters of a line for each of
t 7 . faculty ntembers in the Theatre Department
who specialize in lighting. sound. set design. etc.
Funding of these technical services apart from the
regular instructional budget allows the Theatre
De Irtment to offer a signiﬁcantly larger
ormance program than would otherwise be
ble. The Task Force recommends no changein
the Performing Arts account.

The Art CHI

   

W
One technical specialist for the Art Gallery is
under Organized Activities, one-third of a faculty
line is budgeted forthe Director. and three—quarters
of a line budgeted for the Assistant tothe Director.
The Task Force recognizes the importance and
cultural value of the Art Gallery. not only for the
community. but also as hn outlet for and
educational adjunct to the Studio Art programs. In
recent years the Art Gallery has scheduled a number
of signiﬁcant traveling and locally arranged shows.
We recommend no change in the modest resources
now allocated to the Art Gallery.
Tha Campus School
The administration and faculty of the campus
school (Milne) are currently budgeted under
Organized Activities. representing tzs positions.
The phase-out of the campus school. already begun.
will result in the last of these positions being
removed in the l977-78 ﬁscal year.
Radonal Educational Cantar

The Albany campus has been given permissionto
use some of the funds being taken away from the
campus school to ﬁnance a Regional Educational
Center. which would provide specialized services
and research capability to school districts in this
area. and a small program on Competency Based
Teacher Education. Currently 7.5 positions have
been authorized. with seven additional positions
scheduled for 1976-77. When the remaining l2.5
positions are removed from the campus school in
I977—78. they are scheduled to be added to the
Regional Education Center.

Although it is encouraging to note the potential
retention of funds from the campus school for use in
other education-related projects and programs. a
cautionary note. should be added. The positions
thus far authorized have not yet been "classiﬁed". In
other words. the allocated funds are available only
on a temporary service basis. and regular term or
permanent appointmentscannot be made. While we
are hopeful that present allocations will be retained
and future allocations already planned will be
authorized. the present ﬁscal situation suggests we
cannot assume a certain future with regard to these

   

 

 

  

 

  

  
  

funds.
Clild Study Raaaarch Cantor

Three positions in the Child study Research
Center are funded through Organized Activities.
The Center has another dozen or so lines funded by
external sources. The Center works closely with the
Albany Medical Center and with several
departments in the School of Educationon learning
disability problems. and serves as the primary
training center for the School Psychology Program.
The Task Force recommends no change in the
resources devoted to the support oftltc Child Study
Research Center.

Phyatcat Education Activities

Five FTE positions in Physical Education are
budgeted under Organized Activities. This account
includes a full-time trainer position,twolincs which
absorb portions ofthe lines ofsevcral mens physical
education faculty members. and two lines which do
the same for several womens physical education
faculty. Simply stated. several faculty members in
both mens and womens physical education have
their lines split between Organized Activities and
Instruction.

The Physical Education account in Organized
Activities Ittts come under close Division of the
Budget scrutiny in recent years. The University has
been directed to remove from Organized Activities
all functions associated with the instructional
program in Physical Education utid all functions
which support intercollegiate or club sports.
Reductions have been madcin the past. but furtlter
reductions are required.

The Task Force recommends that two positions
be eliminated in I97fi-77. one from men's physical
education and one front women‘s physical
education. ind that two more positions he
Cltmtnated in l977-7ll. one each frottt men‘s and
women'sphysicnl education. This would leave only
theItraincr‘s position under Organized Activities.
whlch appears to be a justifiable use of this budget
category.

Our recommendation for l976—77 can be
accomplished without terminating any Physical
Education faculty. by switching partial lines
between instruction ttnd Organized Activities and
by making use of a vttcttttt faculty line. This will not
be possible in I977-7fi. The Task Force does not
have a ﬁrm enough understanding ofthe needs. role
and scrvtccs oftlte Physical Education facultyto be
able to suggest ltowthc second cuts should be mittlc.
We recommend a review of Physical Education‘s
teaching and service functions by a committee
drawn frotn the School of Education. the Ofﬁce for
Student Affairs ttnd the Student Association before
further cuts ttrc tttttde.

Units Budgeted Undar Extension and Public
Borvlca

Extension and Public Service is It small.
separately budgeted category which currently
contains 8.5 lines and a personnel budget of
“20.000. The Division of the Budget has placed
contuderable pressure on all Extension and Public
ServtIce accounts. arguing that while many of the
aetlvtttesI funded in this category may be
Worthwhile. they should be funded from Instruction
and Departmental Research funds. The suggested
cuts in Extension and Public Service are

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

  
  
 
  
   
 

unreal-ﬂy Allfuy um '- '

. . i _ I
student/faculty Iratl . tbs Iowan at the four”
University Centers and bureau parfacitlty member
is the highest. Thus the Dtvblon of the Mir
loath to finapce Albany's Extension'cnd Public
32"?“ lady/III? ship-raw '. and some the

at tea in erred to tit-traction: I WW“M PW"-
{Iunds or other budget Wu. w. mam”, professional and doubled personnel In tba office ' Mlmﬁed. tbi Fobllgm II H‘
a; very ("I of the MM. “mm, bud'ud will be able to maintain the effldartey I“ Indiralutlon For «no ‘ r ttds’” "
un er ExtensionIattd Public Service be continued dram“ all!" ml“- ‘ ‘ M't‘ ll“ W rm
and out the mum) Munro... 5. m by PM“... Office for posting to lmplemant relied ‘ '
ziltItIte most or the mum. mg "on," jnI mg Presently consistingof one professional and onc' tlda ' .TheVice Presidaittfor Madam
Hugger. ,f clan IeId position on State funds. this office serva- Plaa ng argtiea that such a nﬂtposftloa la badly ‘
The Cdtary I ,I. _ I III Ill-10f communication source betweeneampm needed and the TuttForce “with ttu view.
II Art Gallery has one-third of the Dingo)». umts cInd outside funding sources. An additional lrlerMI Audi—Wed for some It”. “It
has and one-qugncpIofﬂw Aug“... Dim,an "n, profession-t posttion and put time supplematdary single position inthia unit has barn v'aeaiforsolta I ~
unwed is, 51.9....“ my public mm M resourcea are funded by external mania from time. Audits on this campus ars eondtiet'ad ovary
tyIt been"..de m 1916.77, Wm. "mu Panic“ of contract research and grant overhead through the fottr to ﬁve years by the State Division of Audltand
I“: poem; 5 pm be." "an,me .0 Drum“ SUNY Research Foundation The dﬁee for Control. There ‘ a need for much more frequent
cur/um. I Research has responsibility to assist in grant auditing on this campto. partleularlyattboaepointl
“unis? 36M,“ 0 "M on“ .M development and supervises the implementation of where there is a subatomic! cash ﬂow. There are I

  
 
  

 

    
   
 
  

     

  
  
 

 

   
 
     
    
    
  

      
   

ofﬁcial regulations with respect togrant processing. number of laces other than t Bursar
We not that sponsored research funding at SUNY where f undspare handled and forwhich Ill: 
Albany increased by 30 percent between I971 and internal auditing procedure exists. Plato have been
I975. a rate of growth larger than that at the other advanced foraninternal Iuditfundiontobeearrlcd
three University Centers. We urgeacontinuedeffort out by teams ffrom SUNY Central. but thin fartlia
to sustain this momentum. Because of the critical but not occurred. It would be very senalbleif there
importance of further development inthis area. the were a regional auditing prouam carried on from
Task Force recommends that careful comideration ‘ SUNY Central and the Task Force would so
1: given to staff augmentation here in the future. recommend it. If such a pron-m does not
urnmar I I materialize. the Task Force recommends the ﬁlling
The Summer Sessions Ofﬁoetsthe responsibility 0f lhll PMIIIOh Dfomlﬁllh
of the Associate Dean of Graduate Studies. and
coordinatesI all summer session program and Office of lualnaaa Allin
course offerings. The ofﬁce also has responsibility This ofﬁce is headed by an Assistant Vice-
for development of the schedule of academic President and is responsible for six activities.
offerings tn the late afternoon. evepinp and Personnel—This unit consists of seven
Saturdays. It is staffed by l.25 professional FTE professional and ten classiﬁed positions who carry
gnggggﬁlﬁsuﬁsd position. No change in resources out several responsibilities. most of which can be
it e . classiﬁed into one of two broad cate ories. Thefirst
oFIl'ISCAL' AND MANAGEMENT FUNCTIONS is personnel procedure wltichinvolve's. amongotlter
ea 0 "I. VIC. Praddanl for "Oman things, the cltusiﬁcation of personnel. salary
administration. leaves, time records. appointments.

and Plannan
This ofﬁce consists of the Vice President for andterminations Thesecondsectioninthisoff '
. . . I“
Management and PlanntngandtonAutstant Vice known as personnel services. This section 
Presidents. one in charge of the bustnessaffairs of responsible for activities such as employee
orientation. testing and training. and the

the University (purchasing. personnel. student
accounts and payroll preparation) the other. the administrationofavarietyoffringcbeneﬁts.suchu
insurance and health benefits.

Controller. responsible for accounting. budgeting
These units. like most other units in this division.

management analysis and auditingfuncttons. Other

persons reporting to the Vice President for most closely relateto State ractice and roeedures

Management and Planning include the director of It is important to recognizepthat a goodpdeal of the
activity in this and other ofﬁces in this division is

Ifatrysical Flint. the Director of Security,
irmative ction Ofﬁcer. and the General re uired becaus of
Manager of the Faculty Student Association. bu‘i'eaucracy of New $13321“ ‘overmmu
It is readily apparent that the I Ofﬁce of Outside consultants were generally favorable in
Management and Planning has responsibility for a their evaluation of the work of the Personnel Ofﬁce.
set of highly complex functions. It involves astaff of but indicated some need for an improved quality of
647 employees With a total annual salary budget of work. They struscd. for example,th need for more
$63 million. or 15 percent of the total University staff training and some reorganization that could
budget. Budgetary constraints require that a make this ofﬁce more effective.
number of positions be removed in several units in Bursar—This unit consists of one professional
this Idtwston. particularly in the physical plant unit. and four classiﬁed positions and is the major cashier
These are detailed below: of the University. Payments from students are
Because of theIhtghly interrelated and technical handled through this ofﬁce. This ofﬁce has
nature of the business and ﬁnance operations it is apparently improved in its functioning since it was
more difﬁcult to ptnpotnt posttion reductions in separated from the Ofﬁceof Student Accountatwo
these functional units. Whatis clearisthatthesetwo years ago. but like that ofﬁce it is handicapped.
units have Within them 29 professional and 72 according to outside consultants. by the lack of an
clasmftcd employees. InIthe Vieonf the Task Force. effective system of billing which could produce a
thcsc ton physically adjacent umts can effect some single integrated account statement for individual
cost savtngs through more effective use of students.
technology and pooling arrangements. particularly Student Accounts—This is an ofﬁce consisting of
in the stenographtc and clerical areas. It is the three professional and thirteen classified position.
 OJIIHIICI Task (for: that the Vice which has the primarytask of preparing statements
I I I II -~ 0 s stonuneaea roriate ' '
which II supplements I with several additional consolidations between and within thrpllufiness :tfiorili‘itzltlft‘i; furiuniicrsifrdiiiinmiiizn'33::
externally funded lines. The Comparative Affairs and the Controller‘s units so that three (tuition. libraryfines stateaid etc) This ofﬁcealso
[)cyclupmcnl Sludlcs Center has at good record of classified and one professional position would be hasthe responsibility offollowin -.u' ondelin uent
pIL'r'f(lfmItlncc otIt cxIternullyrIundedIgranlsﬁnd cquld identiﬁed in the 1976-77 ﬁscal year for reallocation accounts 8 p q
p try an increasing y tmpo ant ro e in pa tc po icy to instructional su ort functions. ' I '
research on the Albany campus. The Center has Offlce of tha Cotillion" Sllsttllzsfl “Olffiicue”ﬁitsoilletitlivariliti’tccrtltrf'EI‘iie‘rli‘te
considerable llllcgfilllVCIpochnlltlI wtththc faculties This unit is primarily concerned with the ﬁscal but it still presents a major problem ascordin ft;
of (tSPA. the School of Business and departments management of the University and consists of ﬁve outside consultants The major difﬁcult stgms
III the Division of boctal and Behavwral IbctcncIes. major sub-units. from the system of hand billing which re uTres that
I\IAI/chc7c7ttl_;lHtrtendlIlcttdtIlllonOfone professional line hBudgie)—IIConsisting of tltrce professionals and employees work on a variety of dociiments to
- . t ree cassi ted positions. this office is res onsible deter ‘n h ' '
Neuro-Blotoglcal Research Center I for the preparation of the University budget and similariheir’fifiiiiliimritmdtiynsiuﬁigisfigrihi
We recommend no Immediate change In the some 80 Income Fund Reimbursable (IFR) single statement ofthe amount owed by astudent is
current allocation of two lines II J the Neurn- budgets. This is a ltighly complex task which available in this University. Such statements must
IIIOIOEICHI Iichcillc“ Ccm'": “‘9 Cum" 15 requires year-round work and close coordination be derived by adding and subtractingamountsfrom
ﬁnctmmflc‘l ‘0 590k 591W“ (If CXlefn‘ll Tuna-5' to with SUNY Central and with the Division of the a variety of accounts. It is a process which is
ltnoncc at least one of its two ltnes.IIfthat could be Budch In addition to its budget preparation obviously slow with a high probability of error
done. funds could be freed to Iprovtdc seed money functions, this ofﬁce develops allocation plans and Automation is critically needed in this office which
for new sclcllllIlL‘ research projects. monitors expenditure levels in the various budget handles millions of dollars annually and which only
GRADUATE STUDIES AND RESEARCH categories during the year. Automation would help recently has begun to discharge its responsibilities
 VI“ Pmud'm I" non-"III "Id In”; uItIntI acrlzoIrdtnIgJo outsidﬁ consultants. but on effectively. There are still a signiﬁcant number of
e w o c. l is ra e as a we -run 0 eration. ' ‘ ' '
Dean of Graduate Studies Accotrrrlfnnghis unit consith of ﬁve gelmqucm accounts on “In”:th ommmuowmg
llte Vice President for Research is ulsotlte Dean professionals and eleven classiﬁed positions
ol Graduate Studies. a consolidation of functions responsible {or bookkeeping and accounting
which occurred ﬁve years ago. I’rcsentlylhis ofﬁce functions. Its basic task is (o varify the
consists of the Vice President and one classiﬁed appropriation of expenditures. classify them.
osilion. It isIrcsponsible for supervision of several maintain proper accounts and insure accounts
uncttons which are wnolly or partially supported receivable accumulating according to State
by state funds such as the Atmospheric Sciences standards. In addition to controlling State funds
Research Center and several units supportedtotally appropriated directly. this ofﬁce also has
by external resources generated through research responsibility for IFR accounts which account for
“cm/mus, I I I incotnc produced by units in the University and
This ofﬁce relates to a wtde variety of funding expenditures directly against that income rather
sources. includingthe SUNY Research Foundation. than against regular Statefunds. These accounts are
tlIltI in the view of this Task Force carries on a under direct control. but there are an additional
critical futtctiou in research management and number of FSA Agency accounts which are not
dcvelopntent. a function which must increascin thc supervised by this unit. Proper ﬁscal controls
future. Beyond this. tltc Ofﬁce of Graduate Studies require that all accounts he more fully integrated
is of central importance to a UmvchttyCenter and into the accounting systems of ths University. The
the Deatt of that ofﬁce must play an important role Stntc Cotnptrollcr has recommended this in the last
in sustaining and developing graduate education at audit of this campus. In order to ﬁnance that and equipment needed on this campus from paper
mi, Umvcrslly Center. supervision, tt small overhead charge may beneeded clips to typewriters to automobiles
Office of Graduate Slut“! for those outside funds administered through the It requires a staff
The unit is currently I budgeted for 7.75 University which have not already been chargedan knowledgeable about itervices qualityttnd price of a
professional attd seven classiﬁed personnel. It is overhead amount. wide variety of supplies and equipment The work
rca‘ponsihchf or processing all graduate applications Ar'wunls Payable—rThis unit is closely related to ﬂow in this ofﬁce tends inevitably to peak at several
for the Dinstons oftheIArts and ISctences. stufﬁng the Accounting Ofﬁce and is responsible for points duringthe year. The staff um slack periods
the Graduate Academic Council. arranging for processing and certifyingthc payment of bills owed to become more informed about the quality
external rewcws of graduate programs. and by the University. This involves handlinga large characteristics and location of various materitdi
maintaining records. as well as ndmtntstertng number of vouchers which must be maintained to which are to be ordered subsequently Presently
University regulations with respect to all graduate speciﬁed Statestandards.includingtravel vouchers. staffed by three professional: and eight classiﬁed
programs on campus. 1 his ofﬁce. tnthc judgment of This ofﬁce is staffed withsix classiﬁed positions and personnel. this ofﬁce is rated by outside consultants
the Task Force. capath and competently carrier is rated favorably by outside reviewers. Again. rain as sound. When compared to other units in the
out itsfunction. The Task Forcedtd notethttIttwo of most of the business and ﬁscal units. automation SUNY system. it scents to be adequately staffed
the professional positions budgeted for tius ofﬁce could enhance their work. Five other smallte'rvice units are organized under
are currently vacant. and after careful rcvtew of its Management Analysis—This is an ofﬁce which Purchasing and are listed below:
PAGE 7A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

  
  

CASIDA. funded largely on external funds. has
three lines from SUNYA in the Extension and
Public Sethce category—the Assistant Director
and two stenographers. The Task Force
recommends that one stenographer litte be
eliminated in 1977-78. giving ample time for
replacement funds to be found from other sources.
VocationalandVatarana Counaallng Cantata

The responsibilities of the Vocational ahd
Veterans Counseling Center are yadually being
taken over by the Veterans Administration. We
reIcoImmendIthat the one-half line f orthe Director be
eliminatedItn l976~77 with the possibility of that
half line being picked up on Instructional funds in
the SchoIol of Education, and that the single

posttion ' ’ g be " ' ‘ i
1977-78.
Tba Cpaaclt Cantar

Two and a half lines are contributed to the Speech
Center by the University. We recommend that the
techntcalI specialist line and three-quarters of a line
for the director be eliminated in I976—77. Thethree-
quarters of a line for the Associate Director should
rematnIunttl the long run future of the Speech
Center is clear and the future relationship between
tlte Speech Center and the University is clariﬁed.
Continulng Educafton

The Continuing Education line currently
allocated to the College of General Studies should
bcsupponable oti external funding. We recommend
elimination of .25 FTE each year for the next two
years With the expectation that the faculty member
would be retained and supported on income funds
from continuing education programs.

Unlta Budgeted Undar Organlzad Research
Atmosphartc Sclancas Research Canter

The organized research budget category includes
three research centers with active. visible programs.
The largest. with 2| postions. is the Atmospheric
Sciences Research Center which has a secure
national reputation for its research and service
projects. ASRC Center attracts substantial
amounts of external funding.

In an earlier section ofthis report dealing with the
Atmospheric Sciences Department. we
recommended that the Department develop acloser
working relationship which would beneﬁt both
units. To further strengthen the research programs
of ASRC. we recommend the addition of one
professional line itt [977-78.

Comparative Development Studies Canter

The Comparative Development Studies Center
has two lines. the Director and a stcnographer.

    

     
    
  

       

 

 

 

 

  

   
  
  
   
 
 
   
   

   
  
  
 

 

 

  
     
     

   
 

  

     
    
     
       
 

      
     
    
   
  
     
      
        
     
 
 
   
     
   
     
    
    
    
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
    
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
     
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
    
    
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
      
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
 
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
    
 
  
  
  
   

p.

Payroll~Thirteen classiﬁed employees make up
the personnel in this ofﬁce which is responsible for
the preparation and issuance of University payrolls.
This is a continuous task involving thousands of
individual items and requires a high degree of
accuracy. This department was rated very well by
outside reviewers. It seems to be able to handle its
responsibilities with its present staff and when
compared with other University centers scents to be
adequately staffed for its function.

Sponsored Funds—A unit wholly supported by
funds from the Research Foundation. this unit is
responsible for grant and contract management
activities on this campus. No funds appropriated by
the State are involved here.

Purchasing-This urtit is responsible for a
number of discrete activities. chief among them
being the acquisition of a wide variety of supplies

  
   
  
  

            
     

