 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
   
    
  

.17”;—

 
  

:r:rr,1—M

  
  

W.
‘4 ,W". . 5...;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

.. v“...l<w‘ ' ——_~. «04’. we

 

 

re the “for:

Sometime Int semtater, l was told by
Wellinyon Student Director. Bob levin. that
l was chosen to replace hint. at he was leaving
due to his acceptance to medical school. I ivas
very. excited at that time and w looking
forward to a very exciting Spring semester at
my new position. hob had promised me that
everything would run smoothlyfor me, and all
possible problems would betaken care of. Un-
fortunately. this was not the case. larrived at
the hotel the day before the students came
back and met with my R.A.'s to discuss
procedures for the new term. Within the next
couple of days, I was informed of scattered
reports of missing possessions.

I met with these ﬁrst few students and had
them fill out incidence-Communication forms
so I would have a record of the missing goods
and could give the-completed forms to the
proper authorities. Asreportsstarted trickling
in, I went throughout the hotel asking if
anyone had anything missing or had heard of
anyone missing anything. I also told everyone
that if they knew of anyone missing anything.
they should come to me to ﬁll out a form.
Within the following week I had received over
twenty reports of stolen goods. total value
about 82100. On Sunday. Jan. I8, is concerned
student called the police. whom I met with. I
showed the patrolmen the few reports I had
received as of then (about IO). and they told
me to contact them later when all the reports
_bad been accumulated. While I was collecting

'the reports I was not sure who the proper

authorities were. Gersowitz would want the
originals. so would Dr. Welty. the police, too.
Being very suspicious of city bureaucracy
(which. in fact. owns the hotel). fearing that
the entire incident might be “swept under the
rug", fearing that the students might become
the victims of a political maneuver. with the
students foremost in my concern, I wantedthe
copies. too. Considering myself ﬁrst to be a
representative of SUNYA. I ﬁrst met with Dr.
Welty and Joe Scaring. who suggested that I
g’ve them the carbon copies and the originals
to the hotel. The following day I met with Ger-
sowitz. Welty and Scaring. Requesting a copy
for myself, the originals were given to me
which were later xeroxed and given to the
police the following day. This accounts forthc
delay in the police receiv'mg the reports.

At this meeti ng. the ﬁrst suggestion to settl—
ing the problem was to let each student‘s
Homeowner Insurance policy take care ofthe
loss. Deeply concerned. Joe Scaring im-
mediately brought to light the fact that if the
students‘ insurance pays for the loss. it is their
rates that go up. Joe Scaring. Director of Off-
Campus Housing. who has long been ﬁghting
for the rights of the off-campus student, and
who was instrumental in establishing the
Wellington as a student residence. was unfair-
ly treated by the ASP. In the Feb. 6. 1976
issue, the ASP spent most of their editorial
space criticiring him for something he never
said. totally misrepresenting his continuous
involvement and concern in the entire affair.

Everyone has worked hard and earnestly in
expediting a solution. Mr. Gersowitz promis-
ed that he would make a statement cxactlytwo
weeks from our Jan. 20 meeting and kept his
word. On Feb. 3. I met with all concerned in
our lobby. informing them that settlements
would begin immediately. Within those twa
weeks I kept most of those concerned in-
formed with the latest developments.

! would like to comment on statements
made in the two articles concerning the
Wellington:

1) “RA Kevin Kovactt". Ed Moser wrote the
article in which this statement appeared. This
must be a product of Moser's imagination.
Kevin has never been a Resident Assistant at
the Wellington.

2) “He (Utt) has been looking for a raise for

long time." This. too. is the product of the
‘ riter's imagination. Kevin' never said this.

. note: Kovac: later indicated he might
h e told the reporter of Utt's desire for a

 AGE TEN

 

 H ,
longtime") '

‘ Neifeld as being upet‘ that they'had pits over
‘ hiahead and that SUNYA would take no part

funny since l‘tiave only
you ~ . r a
_ 3) Joe scaring was reported bylovaca and

  

in the proceedings.  is absolutely-
ridiculou. Searingn‘ever‘ said anytling like
this and'the record stands to show that his in-
volvement haa been unending. He and Dr.
Welty have been in continuous contact with
the Wellington and have been involved in the
development of the settlement.

4) “In the middle" is how I described myself.

, This is the only accurately descriptive state-

ment in the articles. Since hired as Dorm
Director, l have been in constant contain with
the students. Residence, and Hotel manage-
ment. l have had formal meetings with all
groups involved. not to mention my meeting
with detectives from the Albany police. In the
last three weeks. I have been hauled, abused.
and now insulted for tryingto be Im'lfmonest
and representative to all sides as is what Ifeel
to be my duty. l have learned much about
human nature as a couple of my fellow
students have taken advantage of my concern
and honesty and have used Inc as ascapegoat
for their own interests. Nevertheless, l
challenge anyone who will argue with the fact
that my loyalty has always been and always
will be with the students in the hotel. I
challenge anyone who will argue with the fact
that I have always extended myself at all hours
of the night to come to the aid of any student
who is troubled or ill. People seem to forget
. . . l'm a student here, too. Let the record
stand for itself.
Fred S. Litt
Student Residence Director
Wellington Hotel

5 quad: call on us

To the Editor:

I would like to clarify a few thing in regard
to the emergency phone numbers listed in the
Off-Campus Guide. speciﬁcally the am-
bulance numbers.

FIrst. Five Quad Volunteer Ambulance Scr-
vice will answer a call for any student. faculty.
or staff member anywhere in the City of
Albany—not just on campus—free of charge.
The Albany Police Department will honor any
request for Five Quad if they arrive first at an
accident or illness in the City of Albany ifthe
patient is a university community member.

Secondly. mm c is far more to consider than
price when choosing a commercial um-
bulancc. Staff, ambulance and equipment are
all very expensive. A higher fee may mean the
ambulance has the equipment and qualified
staff that could meunalifcin atightsituation.

Thirdly. those students. faculty. and staff
living in the localities outside of the City of
Albany. all have other volunteer ambulances
to cover them free of charge.

Wayne R. Printy
Chief of Services

senate council

To the Editor:

The article “Tenure Casc Draws Faculty
Response" (ASP. 2/3/76). leaves some false
impressions about the University Senate's
Council on Promotion and Continuing Ap-
pointments and a Councilmcmber.

The article states that the Council “is sup-
posed to have two students voting . . .“ Ac-
tually. the Council should have four students
voting—two graduate students and two un-
dergraduates in addition to eight teaching
faculty and the Vice President for Academic
Affairs who is an ex ofﬁcio member of the
Council.

The article states that "Laura Gamble. the
sole student. would not revealthc results of the
(Kaufman) vote." Ms. Gamble and others on
the Council are not at liberty to do so.

Gamble is criticized for her “failure to
replace Nancy Albaugb," the undergraduate
who resigned from the Council. Council
members have no power to name
replacements. The first opportunity for the
Student Association to nominate a replace-
.ment will be at the February9 Senate meeting.

his “particularly
hadthejobfdl‘thrae .

  

_ r i . _ 'I‘ R.‘ha's M',‘
Gamble's-abilltyt indent opiniot‘n:
is ems-arc by understanding of the
opposition vlewpoint'aud  good relation.
with the faculty on the Council.  ‘ ‘
Ira ammernu’n

Mtor'r Note: Accordng to John Dewy.
Chdrntetr dill! Council on Promotion and
Continuing Appointments. there are only two

. student seats. My my be occuptidby either

undergraduate or graduate students.

due process due

To the “tor:

The ASP is to be commended for its
coiterage of Professor Michael Kaufman's
tenure case. I do not wish to discuss the merits
of his case. because I do not have all the rele-
vant information. (It should be noted,
however. that the lopsided vote in his depart-
ment and the ACT surveys do provide strong
primaefacte support for granting him tenure.)
Rather. I wish to discuss the appalling lack of
even rudimentary Due Process apparently af-
forded one of my colleagues. '

Due Process has always meant, at the very
least. fair procedures. And in Board of
Regents of State Colleges of Wisconsin v.
Rath(l973) the United States Supreme Court
held that certain tenure questions at public un-
iversities are covered by the Due Process
Clause of the 14th Amendment. When the
rules of a University or the State law prescribe
a method for resolvingissues like tenure. those
procedures must be followed andthey must be
fairly applied. Since tenure decisions at
SUNY-Albany must follow an elaborate set of
procedures spelled out in the Trustees‘
Policies. Senate Regulations. and the UUP
contract. our faculty are clearly covered by the

Roth case.

This is no small matter. It means that in our
society the ends do notjustify the means. Nor
do extraordinary times justify extraordinary
procedures. That is specifically true if all that
is meant by extraordinary times is a monetary
shortage. In the Bloomﬁeld College Case a
Federal Court of Appeals explicitly so ruledin
a tenure controversy. A major ﬁscal problem
cannot be ignored. but it does not provide suf-
ficient justiﬁcation for violating elementary
norms of Due Process. For as Justice Fclix
Frankfurter once said. “The history of liberty
has largely been the history of the observance
of procedural safeguards."

It has taken us 5,000 years to evolve a
modicum of protection against arbitrary and
capricious ofﬁcial conduct. Now we ﬁnd our
Administration blatantly violating those nor-
mative safeguards surrounding Professor
Kaufman‘s continued ability to pursue his
profession at our University. His rights under
the UUP contract to two peer reviews were
abridged when both Dean Schmidt rind Vice
President Sirotkin participated in the
deliberations of the College of Arts and
Sciences Faculty Personnel Committee. Un-
der the contract. Deans and Vice Presidents
are specifically designated as supervisors. not
faculty. Moreover. under our University
procedures. Dean Schmidt. Vice President
Sirotkin and. ultimately, President Fields are
to make lhc ﬁnal determination on tenure
questions; the faculty committees are to make
original determinations and recommen-
dations. Duc Process rcquircsthat iftbc rules
specify that ﬁndings and recommendations of
an original panel are to be reviewed for ﬁnal
determination by is deciding ofﬁcer (or his
agents) then that deciding officer (or his
agents) should not participate in the original
hearing. This is simply an offshoot of the
familiar concept that justice and fair play re-
quire that no man should hear his own case.

These matters cannot be dismissed as
"mere" procedural requirements. Iknow of no
case where procedure and substance are more
obviously intertwined. Given the overwhelm-
ing vote of the English Department faculty. it
strains credulity to think that the Personnel
Committee would unanimously ﬁnd that
Professor Kaufman was not qualified for
tenure in the English Department had they
been left to their own deliberations.
Moreover. under the UUPcontract provisions

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   

otth ' licensed Department and the
Personnel Contmitfee) Center an automatic
rigid of appeal to a Ctr-Melinda committee
egairnt a negative Administration'de'cision.
To an outside observer. the Administration'i
intervention hid the deliberation of the Per-
sonnel Committee appear to be a deliberate
attempt to obviate Professor Kaufman's
access to the Chancellor's committee.

The one conclusion. and only one conclu--
sion. can be drawn from this sorry mess: the
procedural violations involved in this
decisioncmaking process have precluded afair
decision on Professor Kaufman's merits. The
remedies are not so clear. My own feeling is
that such gross violations of basic canons of
fairness justify granting tenure to Professor
Kaufman. At the very least he is entitled to a
review on the merits of his case which is not
contaminated by the fruits of this poisoned
procedural process. A University should be
the first place. not the last.to recognize and
observe fundamental fairness.

Martin Edelman
Political Science

SASU for you?

To the Editor:

As members of the Central Council.
representing thousands of SUNYA students.
we are appalled at the present situation con-
cerning SASU.

An important question has been raised per-
taining to SASU’s usefulness to the students.
Recently, evidence of illegal activities. corrup-
tion. and possible coverup of alleged
wrongdoings. has destroyed this
organization‘s credibility.

Already weakened bytheloss often school‘s
membership. it has also been fragmented by
divisive leadership. Question: How can a
much weakened and fractionalized youp.
such as SASU. lobby effectively for our in-
terests? Answer: It can‘t.

Question: Is it worth the S|0.000 of student
tax money. that we pay this organization. . .
merely to fund its own internal political
games? Answer: The SASU ripoff has cost us
many thousands of dollars. and has failed to
give students nny beneficial return.
Meanwhile. its corrupt practices taint ourstu-
dent government. and help only to squander
our resources.

We suggest withdrawing from SASU: cn-
ding our unfortunate connection with this
crumbling organiration and saving thousands
of dollars of student tax money. The options
are clear; stay. and be one ofthe last remaining
members of SASU. beingforccd tojustify past
wrongs; or. help form a new. effective.
worthwhile organization without the tar-
nished record SASU has compiled.

Central Council. which husthc responsibili-
ty of deciding student government policies and
for directing the Executive Branch. has been
bypassed. A steady deterioration of the Ex-
ecutch Branch’s willingness to communicate
with us has been noticeable. Wc arctold little

. . the only way We get toscc what‘s happen-
ing is by reading it in the ASP - and then it's
about the Student Association President bur-
ning incriminating tapes.

We will take corrective action. This mttrl be
folloch tip by a renewed commitment by the
Executive llranch to work within tlwlr (im-
.rtitutionul lmundariru'. Council must begin to
candidlyscrutinizenll Student Association ac-
tivitics and policies.

This is one obligation that the Council can-
not afford to bc lax in fulﬁlling.

Steve DiMco. Colonial

Rich Grecnbcrg. Colonial

Ed Hnlpren. Stntc

Jonathan Levcnson. Off-Campus
Robyn I’crchik. Off—Campus
Karen Tepedino. Off—Campus
Mark chhslcr. Dutch

The Albany Student Press reserves Ilrt'
.l'fllt‘ right' to print or t’llll letters In lllt’
editor. Submit letters 'I'YI’IL'WRI’ITIL'N
to Albany Student Press, C029. 1400

Washington Avenue. The ASP will not
publish unsigned letters. Names will be
withheld on request. Keep Ilrust' cards
and letters mining in, but remember:
‘lircvr'ty is the soul of wit.’

 

FEBRUARY 10, 1976

    
   
    
   
   

    
    
    
  
 

 

 .
r.
.
i
..

v mud- m7 .

commenting on the Senate vote to cut off funds for Angola ﬁghting

rut salvo THE can: rsonm- IF it
GETltl nurse, no as may PROT.

a

 

 

‘Congmﬂlﬂ'linql “W "I: Ofﬂllllilion. the information or the responsibillt for  i
' “the tactical Questions that arise daily in the conduct of our foreign relations.” y I "I.

Secretary of State Henry Kissinger,

?

 

LIBERTY
LINES

New Library for Congress?

by Robert M. Ilartell

WASHINGTON. D.(I. (Liberty Lobby News
Servicc)—~-vThc James Madison Library
Building is a brand new. giant structure being
built as an anncx for the Library of Congress.
which is literally overflowing its walls. The
Library is spending more than $3 million a
year to rent cxtru space. so it‘s understandable
that they're looking forward to completion of
the new Madison Library.

Speaker of thc House (‘url Alhcrt has
already announced that the House will decide.
within days. just what tltcy will do about lhc
new library building. Albcrt wants unotlicr
llousc office building and won lhough the
new building. at a cost of ill).tlll $|21lmillion.
was designed explicitly for a library. ll could
be renovated its an office bl ilding.

Albert's strategy apparently is to attempt to
deny funds for the completion of the interior
of the library. which must conic from Con—
gress. and instead. appropriate funds for its
conversion into additional offices.

To complete the library would involve
probably $28 to $30 million more; to convert
it. perhaps $60 million more. l‘m example. it
has three kinds of air conditioners because ol
the various typcs of manuscripts and hooksto
be stoer there; if conversion takes place. ex-
tensive modification and redesign would be rc-
quircd.

Meanwhile the Library of (‘ongrcss suffers
a severe shortage nfspucc and goes looking for
another location to erect u building they may
never get into. It‘s interesting to remember
when Congress approved construction of the
Madison building. the legislators specified.
“nothing contained in the Act shall be con-
strued to titrtliori‘lc its use for gcncrnl office
building purposes."

 

   
   
   

agar

 

Well. yotr can't get much clearer than that.
but lo runny of our statesmen. the library of
Congress is nothing but a “book warehouse“
and doesn‘t deserve a brand spanking ncw
$120 million home. The politicians. ofcoursc.
do.

The nine years and millions of dollars
already spent in building the new library are
nothing to the greedy members obviously
sucking ntldilionul amenities for lhcrnsclvcs.

lhc Library of Congress is the largest
library in the uorld, Congressional Research
Service alone has Sill) people. all at the buck
and cull ol members, lhc US. (‘opyrighl ()f-
lice and the National Law library are housed
lllL'l'C. All lhch branches are operating in
clumped and nearly intolerable conditions.

What's most shocking for luxpnycrs.
however. is the seeming disregard of the
House members tor any kind of fiscal
pr udcncc. 0n the one hand. presidential curt—
didulcs slump lhc country dccrying double-
digil inflation and an unbalanced budget.
Mule here in Wushingl on there‘s a bra/en grub
for n lourlh llnusc office building.

Well.just likclhusc presidential cuntlidnlcs.
the House members are going to have to face
the voters. If you think your Congrcssmun
should exercise a little spending restraint in
tltcsc days of economic chaos. you'll have u
marvelous opportunity to tell him so. llc'll
probably ignore you. but he can be turned out
of office. Remind him of that.

lir'ttdt'r'r t'mrmwtrlr tlI't' ll’t‘lt't)llli.'. Please
pass tlltt/li,‘ ttrly [min/r of \'lt'lt’ ltt Llln'rty Loli-
hy, Dept. lI-Jti. .i(lll liltlt'llt'lltlt'llt't' Ave, S. I:‘.,
ll’uxlrt’lrglou, I).(‘. Zilllllj.

editorial/comma 

  
  

 

 

 

Save SASU ‘ ’

built-up frustrations, vicious rumors and charges has clearly embaraased the

organization and indirectly. all the students in the SUNY system.

There has always been confusion between SASU and Student Assembly, and to

what degree Assembly supplies and money could be used for SASU was kept purposely , .. :  ‘

vague. Even if recent excesses are significantly different from the past. it seems strange
that the problems weren't solved internally. '
The natural question." then. is whether Albany‘s Student Association should belong
to such a group of vicious and obviously incompetent people. A number' of Central
Council members have asked themselves that. , ‘
Albany should stay in. Not because it has been successful in the legislature, since for
:11” SASU‘s propaganda, it hasn‘t earned a fraction of the respect and poweritthinksit
as. '
Albany should stay in SASU because SASU is the hope for student power in this
state. and because it facilitates useful communication between campuses. SASU will
grow in respect among legislators. and eventuallycan become a New Yorkinstitution.
Obviously. it must cleanse itself thoroughly from these recent events. and it probably
should spend less money on conferences altogether. It‘s going to take hard work to
make SASU a trusted organization again, but it‘s worth it.
SASU is sick. but by no means is it chronically ill.

Why Do It?

Legislation is now being considered that would change the status of Campus
Security Force members to that of bona ﬁde police ofﬁcers. The implications ofthis
change are uncertain at best. and the reasons for even considering it remain
unclear.

Assistant Director of Sccurity .lohn Hchighan admits that, as far as “day-to—day
affairs on this campus“ are concerned. “it won‘t make much difference“ (see page one,
“ Police Status").

So why do it‘.’

As the SUNY Coordinators of Security Services point out (see"Easy Victims.“ page
one). precaution is the student‘s best crimc deterrent. Ifthis proves insufficient. Albany
City Police are on duty 24 hours a day—«Security can and does call them in when
necessary.

chighun claims that increased arrest powers and ability to obtain information
would be the law‘s chief advantages. But the ready availability of city police officers
makes the accrucment of these by Campus Security unwarranted and unnecessary.

Haste Makes Waste

The Albany Student Press regrets having acted hastily in printing the editorial
“Make Wellington Well“ (ASP, February 6. 1976) before consulting Director of Off-
Cnmpus Housing Joe Scaring on the intent and content of his statements. Scaring was.
reported as saying that SUNYA would take no part in the proceedings concerningthe
rcccnt Wellington thefts. However. Scaring has been assisting the victimized
Wellington students in negotiations with the Wellington management in an effort to
cnsurc that an equitable settlement is reached. For this he should be commended. not
criticized. The ASP urges Scaring to continue to support the Wellington students in
any way be can.

 

é . 

MASTIIEAD STAFF
Elll‘ltllt m (‘Iurv DANIEL GAINFS
MANAGING EDITOR S'I'IntuaN DZlNANKA
Nnvs tilll'lttll Barry STEIN
AssoCIA‘Ir NEWS Izorroirs  DAVII) WIN'LliLIlIiRU. ANDIuiA IiIiRlllIlRG. CYN'rtItA "ACINIJ
I‘Iroorrt'rIoN mmrrn PATRICK MCCILYNN
ASMIl’IA‘I'I. I-ttoIIrrtr'rIoN MANAGERS ..... .. LOUISIE MARKS, CAROL MCI’IIIIRSON. ELLEN FINE
IioIIquAI. I-Ariizs snrum I KENNETH WAX
AIIIs (it IrzA'I'titth rin‘roxs ......................................... "SI’IiNl’liR RAoqu. NAOMI liaIHnIANDaIt
Scouts EDITOR NATHAN SALANT
Assot‘IArt. sI-oit'rs tzol'rotr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. MICIiAlil. I’IexAxst
AIH’IJl'I‘lSING MANAoms ................ .. liturrv Arnum‘ur. Las ZUCKIZRMAN
AssorrtA'u: Anvtzarlsmr. MANAtnza .. ............................... .. LISA lhuNno
(,‘t.AssIrIrIH;iIArrIrI MANAtitztt KIENNIi'I‘II Conn
llusmiss MANArtrx DANIIsI. O‘CoNNou

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

.4.I’. and lurlitli' Nam mnmrgm: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Stilton

I‘ll'l’lt'll'.‘ .loycc |"cigenbnum

Iii/ling Ar'tlItIIltIIli.’ Stuart Dolores

(but/million trrttutlgt'r: Iillcu lioiscn

.Al.\‘.\l.\lillll lo the t’illlfll" Iillcn Weiss

llr'ml l_l‘[ll.\'l.' Leslie Eisenstein

I’rtttlut‘lltill.‘ Junct Adler. Putty Alicrn. Sarah Illumcnstock. Carol Ilurger. .loun Ellsworth. Judi
Ilcitncr. Marjorie Hogarth. Vicki Kurt/mun. Kathy Lam. Marc Lch. Tnnln Levy, Michele
Lipton. Rich Merrnclitcin. .lnnct Mcurticr. Debbie Riegcr. Joan Silvcrbltrtt. Ellen Weiss
;ltlllllill.i'lril/ll’t‘ Il.l'.l'f.t'liilll.' Jcrclyrt Kaye

Advertising production: Jeff Arnaowltl. Kelly Kita. Brian Cahill. Ann Wren

Photography: supplied principally'by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every 'I‘Iit'sday mid Hiduy during the school year except
Imliduyr. Editorial policy is the responsibility ofthe Editor in Chlefartdrulrlet't to review by the
[Hart/wad Stir/ﬂ Main amt-c.- CC 329; loft-phone: 457-8802. Funded by Slade/rt Arrorlatlori.
Addrt'rr mall in: Albany Student Press. CCJZO. I400 Wurltinglonrtvcrrur, Albany, New York. -

Recent crises at the-Student Assembly and SASU are complex.  surfacingd

 

 

 

  

