 
    
   
    
 
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
 
  
   
    
  
     
  
 
 
   
    
  

   
     
   


l
l

 

. .....»_:.I..sm....

 

_V~,.~. r ‘v-c l.“ .

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

.. - Nam...”

    

; a '* at rotten

re the anion
' Obtaining books as each semester com-
 .is an expensive proposition To

' successfully complete this task. one must have

stomps checking account. and a large
supply of patience. Wldle waitingon lineinthe
bookstore last week (I had plenty of time
before my ‘turn came upl). l wondered why a
Uriversity of this size has only one bookstore?
The monopoly which the Follett bookstore
now enjoys is very unfair. It is possible to ac-
quire many used books, but when a newly
published book is required, or one that was
not used the previous semester. there are no
alternatives to purchasing itinthe bookstore.

l fttlly realize that books are costly to
publish these days, but by establishing a com-
peting bookstore. perhaps the expense would

g moteaathleflCSPPPQ. -

1.... liter: ,
JAs-s member ct'amera'intramursl basket-
ballteam i am disturbed by the minimal

’ mount of coverage given to the AMIA

basketball. While there is a plethora of articles
concerning. Womens' intramural basketball.
the pages. of this newspaper are obviously
lacking in such featuresu AMlA scores. stair
din. and highlights of outstanding games and
individual performances.

l believethat intramural sports is an integral
part of university life and no phase of it should
be ignored by the media. Better coverage of in-
tramural spans. both men's and women's. will
induce more participation from the student
body. This is true not only of basketball but of
other sports as well.

Warren Kaggen

write abroad

  
   
 

nil ,. .0

‘ will be appropriately match-
‘ ‘ For, further information write directly to:
r letters” Abroad '

209 East 56th Street

New York. N. Y. l0022
giving name. address. age. college class. and
special interests. and enclosing a ' self-
addressed. stamped envelope. Letters Abroad
is a volunteer. non-proﬁt organization which
has matched nearly one million cor-
respondents since l952. There is nofee forthis
service.

Frederick M. Winship

President. Letters Abroad

hard corpsphumor

To the Editor:

It‘s here. The ﬁnal disgrace. The ultimate
desecration. Recent years have seen
numerous attempts by the government in
Washington to destroy our National Heritage
as they—the overpaid ofﬁcials and bumbling
bureaucrats who inhabit the corridors of
power—shift and shunt some of our most

   

' W

great institution falls verything we once held
sacred begins tocrumbl with it. his bad
enough thatwhen George hington bestirs
himself forhis' phantasmal birthd y party on

  

  

‘ February 22,’he will ﬁnd that he‘s missed the
big day by almost a week. Nothing. however.‘

compares to the sacrilege which the govern-
ment has surreptitiously inaugurated in this,
the Bicentennial Year. Each February 2. we set
aside 24 hours to honor our nation's greatest
folk hero, the Ground Hog. Suddenly, weﬁnd
that, this year, even Ground Hog's Day has
joined the ranks of Monday's refugee

holidays. Where will it end? Can we allow
Ground Hog's Day to go the way of Ehbets
Field and the live-cent cigar?

One group is ﬁghting back.

The Student Corps for Rehibition will hold
its Fourth Annual Ground Hog’s Eve Banquet
on Sunday. at four o'clock pm. in the Alden
Dining Hall. Rehibitionists of past. present
and future are urged to attend this event and
help raise a cry in support of our threatened
holidays. Admission to the banquet is free
with a meal card.($2.68 without) and is open
to both rehibitionists andthe general public. it
is expected that participants will dress in ac-
cordance with the occasion. For more infor-
mation on this vital issue, call toll-free 457-
4983 or 472-5092.

  

 

u ...—\/ v erwmt'iuwﬁem

be more reasonable. At the present time.
however, we students have no recourse but to

buy our books at the exorbitant prices of the 1'0"" mm“
Follm Bookstore. Letters Abroad has requests from students

Laura 5. Chairman in more than l00 nations for correspondents
at American colleges and universities. The ma-
jority are Asian and African students who are
avid to exchange ideas and views with their
American contemporaries.

We hope your readers will want to rap by
mail with these keen young men and women
who will be Third World leaders in the next
few years. We can also supply pen friends on
European. South American. and Down Under

for whom the bell tolls:

 

A Farewell to the

The English PhD program at Albany is dead. in December State Education Commissioner
Ewald Nyquist announced his decision to impose a moratorium on admissions. thus effectively
dc-rcglstcring the PhD program. The loss ofthc PhD program in English will hurt not only the
students and faculty engaged in graduate studies here. as well as the strength ofthc Division of
Humanities. but also Albany's status as a graduate center. Nevertheless. the way in which the
SUNYA administration has thus far addressed the problem threatens the English department
and the Humanities Division even more grievously, and what is more. threatens the quality of
undergraduate education at this university.

The desperate plan now being considered by the SUNYA administration is to bring in an
"interim" chairman who in turn will recruit four or ﬁve nationally renowned scholars to revive
the PhD program on the hope that sometime in the future it will be re-rcgistercd. The trouble
with this kind ofthinking is that it fails to consider SUNY‘s financial plight and the projected
future of higher education in the United States. Furthermore. to pursue such it scheme may
sacriﬁce the genuine strength of ﬁne undergraduate teaching in it gamble for national
preeminence. This short-sightedncss may be placed in the proper perspective if we ask threc
crucial questions about the administration's plantorevivc an English PhD program at SUNYA:

l. Why Attempt to Revive ti Traditional English PhD Program Here?

in a time of economic recession, when the job market for university teachers is severely
dwindling, are there not already too many unemployed PhD‘s unsuccessfully seeking
employment tojustify still another traditional graduate program? The new National lionrd on
Graduate Education answers yes. it was this stark reality which served as u principul motive
behind the Commissioner‘s decision to evaluate it” the PhD programs throughout the state.
Despite this. the administration apparently leans towards the advice of three outside
“developmental consultants" to rebuild the PhD program here. And rather than tittcmptingto
create an innovative program. these developmental consultants recommended a program
designed along more traditional lines in which "candidates who are the products of the most
selective and prestigious graduate schools" would be hired in the future as newfticulty members.

We believe that instead of turning out more PhD‘s into it virtuallyjobless market. the English
department and the administration should work together to create an innovative graduate
degree program that would both maintain SUNYA's university status and also serve better the
needs of contemporary education. A Doctor of Arts program already exist; here which has the
potential of givingstrength and direction to English graduate studies. Instead of gambling on the
fragile chance of re-rcgistering another traditional PhD program whose students would add to
an already glutted market, we should build upon our present Doctor of Arts program. which
seems to promise a brighter economic future in the coming decades. and explore the possibility
of a more ﬂexible PhD program. Againthc National Board on Graduate Education urgcsjust
such a course in continuing education for older men and women who already havejobs. instead
of a "monolithic system modeled on a Harvard-Berkeley pattern."

a
2. Can the Administration‘s Attempt to Revive the English PhD Work?

We think not. The demographic data. predicting slumplng college enrollments through the
l9liO’s. suggest the very opposite of a need for an increase in PhD'I. The National Board on
Graduate Education foresees “as few as one in ten new doctorates may secure faculty
employment in the next decade." There seems little hope that the Commissioner's Office will

‘ i r perceive a need for yet “other PhD proyam here for the next decade. Moreover. the plan to

 pretax  "  

Assam  ~ a

cherished holidays like so many pawns on the Melvin Luther Cox
checkerboard of time. Holiday after holiday
has gone the way of the once-proud Veterans'
Day because Americans stood idly by as cer-
tain subversive elements used their massive
dark powers to thrust the evil concept of man-
dayization an unsuspecting public. Though
the seamy tale of mondayization and its silent
but formidable intrusion into American life is
now well—known to even the youngest school
child. who could have foreseen ﬁve years ago
that one holiday after another would follow
Veterans‘ Day into what weekly graveyard

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit ll'llt‘rd‘ 'l‘YI’b'WRI'I‘T‘Iz‘N
to Albany Student Press. CC329. I400

Washington Avenue. The ASP will not
publish unsigned lt‘Ilt'IIl'. Names will In"
lt’fl/lllt’ltl (m rut/trust. Kat-p [hose cards-
and letters coming in, but runwntbt'r:
'Iirt'vity if; the .rnttl of wit.’

English Department?

recruit a new English Department chairman and four or ﬁve renowned scholars seems not only
ﬁsctilly irresponsible but plainly impossible: irresponsible when one considers that these scholars
must be paid upto $40,000 a ycurtozittract them; and impossible if one wonders what renowned
scholar would come to a department deprived of its PhD program. sorely tested in its morale.
and severely limited in its university's library facilities and its Slatcs‘s uustcrity budget.

0
3. What is the Price of Such tin Effort to lie-Register the English PhD Program?

The economic price may tlppronch $200,000 a your. Such ll sum almost ccrtttinly cannot be
raised in it time when the SUNY budget has suffered a staggering $51 million cutback for next
year. This is in addition to the hiring freeze and the Governor‘s efforts to impose u sultiry freeze.
Much ofthc money to lure thcsc renowned scholars. then. will have to come from budget lines of
junior faculty whose contracts will be terminated at term renewal or tenure dccisiontimc. There
are now twclvc junior members on the English facility; two already have been terminated undo
third has been denied tcnurc. The remainder come up for contrticl renewal within this your or
next. If their ttvcrtigc salary is calculated at $15,000 and ifull thlvc were terminated. then the
administration would have $l80.000 to pay these new scholars.

But here the deeper pricc ofsucli uschcmc becomes clcurwn price that cannot be calculated in
dollars and cents. Forthcrc is another kind of sense that is being violated. Without effectively
saving any money. the English department will be reduced by all or most of its non—tenured
faculty. Suppose eight people are eliminated. Euchjunior faculty member teaches six courses
per year. compuer with the four courses senior grttduutc faculty members gerierullytcnch. this
could menu it drop from 48 course offerings to lo. an absolute decrease of 32 English courses.
’I‘runsltilc these stutlstics into human terms and they mean: larger classes. fe wcr course offerings.
and tenchch who will be pressured into conventional research and thus less available for
teaching. And it may mean the dcmorttlizution ofu utrmbcr ofcontiuuingtenured members who
are dcdicutcd to good undergraduate teaching. They would also resent the diminishing of
democracy in the department if the consultants' suggestion were ttdoptcd that only tenured
l'ucully should participate in tenure decisions. thus denying students and younger faculty ti role
in this process. .

The folly ofsuch it scheme in the face of economic and educational realities is Clctlf. For our
ptirt. if human beings rind educational excellence are to be sacrificed in it quest for national
prestige. we cttnnot in conscience remain silent.

Signed by the following faculty of the English Department:

William E. Rowley
Myron 'l'nylor
Jerry Paris
Michael Kuufmun
R.F.. 'l‘horstenscn
Lawrence R. Ries
Judith Fetterley
Tom Smith

Harry C. Silllcy
Jeffrey Bermun
Judith E. liurlow
Charles Kobnn
Dolores Roscnblum
Victor L. Chang
Theodore S. Adams
Diva Daims
Lois Chaber Martha Rozett
. Daniel Odell Edward Sklcpowich
- _ Townsend Rich

 

IAN URI? '30, 1976

o all'pe'ople who want it.

i

émsael-E'Rncorsm

focus

 

’3, ' i . -'
on increase] is contrary to everything SASU has ever stood for; quality education

. SASU Coordinator. Dianne Piché
Commenting on Gov. Carey‘s budget proposals.

"manpower

Clipping the Concorde’s Wings

Within the next few weeks. Secretary of
Transportation William Coleman will have to
make a decision of international importance:
whether or not to allow the British-French
Supersonic transport to land in the United
States. Permission to land the ‘Concorde‘ in
the U.S. is seen asc necessilyofthc Concorde
is to survch financially.

The dispute in the hearing in Washington
lines environmentalists up against Concorde
representatives. Some scientists have
speculated that the Concordc‘s high altitude
emissions of nitrogen oxides could contribute
signiﬁcantly to the destruction of the ozone
layer that screens the earth from an overdose
ofthc sun's ultraviolet rays. The Federal Avio—
lion Administration extimutcs six flights it day
could lead to 200 additional cases of skin
cancer a your in the US.

At the same time, however. the U.S. has
honored bilateral agreements to accept nir-
worthincss certiﬁcates awarded to foreign air-
craft by their governments —us long as the
planes meet standards established by the ln-
ternational Convention on Civil Aviation. In
recent years. the French and British have
accepted American evaluations of the Boeing
747jumbojet, the McDonnell Douglas DC-IO
and the Lockheed L-lOll Tristar without
l"llument. Nowthey clearly expect the U.S. to
do the same with the Concorde.

But should we? in u world Where we are
becoming ever aware of our fragility and in-
terdependence can we continue to tolerate
technological progress which continues to ex-
pund in a linear manner? There comes u point
when. after running ahead in it confidently
Progressive manner. you hit it wall of side
effects and harmful consequences which
knocks you for a loop.

This is where we are now with the Con—
corde. We've gone far enough in terms of
bigger and faster commercial air transport.
Even if the speculated dangers to the ozone
layer are put aside. the Concordc's noise dis-
turbances are signiﬁcant untothemselvcs. The
Concorde ill measured as being twice till loud

 

 
 

by David Trocgcr
us that mode by n liocing 707. its nmsc lcvcl
four times us great us than of u DC-l0. As
Senator .ltuucs liucklcy put it: “I cannot un-
derstand how the interests ol llicscpcoplc liv-

.ing in the ﬂight paths of the Concorde can be

overridden by those who want to shove it few
hours off their flight times."

For It celebrity of internationle sluture like
David Frost \vlio commutcsucross the Alluu-
tic wcckly. it may mcun u grcnt dctil to cut
ﬂight time for that trip in hull". Iiut howubout
Mr. and Mrs. Jones whosuvc upfor u once-in-
u-lil'clime mention to linglund or the Cori-
tincnt'.’ For travel like this which comes along
so infrequently in ouc‘s life will lhtit cxtrti
flight time make tluit mucl! difference?

a

in on advertising campaiin to evidently sell
the Concorde to the American people British
Airways procltiirusimmodcsllyi“ For ll genera-
tion raised on the fulfillment ofscicntific fun-
lusy. Concorde is one more step toward the
future. There may be no other event like it in
this century. For now. and yours to come. it is
truly The Time Machine." Shades of Alvin
'l‘ofllcr and future shock. Events which we
always put off to the distant. never-to-be-
rcnchcd. future suddenly become part of the
immediate future and present.

British Airways in the advertisement gives
us the frosting but not the substance of the
whole cukc. As they bill it: “Concordew
liritisli Airways" Time Machine." Oh. how
that lilillutcs the lluck Rogers in us! It in-
loxiculcs to the point of forgetting the
problems it Sllllll create in ilCllllll duy-to-duy
usage: damage to the protective ozone layer
rind increased noise pollution. I

Shakespeare wrote that till the world Ill a
stage and We are but actors on it. it seems that
if the acting out of this step in the “fulfillment
of scientific fantasy“ should be barred from
our present stage of real life. If wc'wu'ih to be
titilluted by such fantasy lct‘s restrict It to the
fantasy stage oftheuter of cl nema. For there It
will pose no threat to the environment or the
inhabitants of this planet.

 

 

 

editorial/Comménl

 

' Taking It Off The Top

it is possible to prepare a very convincing argument that the massive cuts made in V

higher education by Governor Hugh L. Carey's Executive Budget would not be
necessary if state administrative costs were reduced and Ito-show and naework jobs
eliminated. indeed. few remain who will defend government waste inany way, and any
politician worth his or her salt has been tellingeveryone of some instancein whichthey
instigated the removal of administrative waste. '

The problem still exists. Money has been wasted on. for example. the former state
lottery commissioner. who received $40,000 each year to come‘up to Albany once a
month and eat dinner on the state. Everyone knows someone in state government
earning money for doing little. and everyone is against it.

Long range progress in cutting government waste is possible, and in time such
savings could be put to use for real services for the state‘s citizens ——such as the SUNY
system. But for the time being this campus is resigned to cutting no less than eighty-
eight positions by next fall.

The task force presently preparing recommendations on those cuts for SUNYA
President Emmett B. Fields. however. can apply the loose anti-waste oratory in a
practical way to cut waste quickly on this campus. They can suggest that the heaviest
burden in these hard economic times be carried by administrative staff.

Many of this campus argue that there is signiﬁcant amounts of waste in the
administration — indeed, some don't think the administration is needed at all. The
phrases “no useful f unction," “nobody would miss them." and “most of their time is
spent planning for things that never happen" are heard often. Administrators
sometimes weary of discussing their jobs and its value. There is value to administrative
positions. They are. however. of generallyless value tothc universitythan professors.

Of course not all administrative functions would go unmissed. and the faculty
should not absorb too many administrative responsibilities. And though students
don‘t like long lines. professors don't like inefﬁcient handling of their requests. vistors
don‘t like dirty walls. and so on, it is surely better to have some inconvenience of this
kind than to lose the opportunity to have learned from a professor. Few people come
here to ‘lll, play or look at the buildings. They come for an education.

When the priority decisions come. administrators should take the back seat.

Exchange A Helpful Change

The open book exchange. where students selling and buying used textbooks can
retIth the largest possible market. is amongthe most useful services students have ever
made available to other students on this campus. Maureen DeMaio and some hard-
working assistants organizcd a system infinitely superior to the confusion of posters
and word-of-mouth by which used books are usually sold.

The exchange. DcMaio's brainchild with Student Association backing. handled
approximately 2.700 books and over $7,000 in the service of students. The exchange
maximizes the efficient use of textbooks. saves money and saves time.

Most important. however, is that when DcMaio leaves the book exchangecontinue.
it is an obviously helpful addition to the university. There can be no excuse for SA to
let it die.

Presently. much of the work is done on a volunteer basis. lfthc exchange is to be
irregular with volunteers, then it should be made regular with paid workers. It would
be a small price to pay.

 

 

 

 

EDI TORIA L BOA RD
DANIEL GAINFS
ELLEN Winss

 

I-lm'ron lN (‘IIII'r

ASSISTANT ro TIII: rum-n
MANAGING comm STEPHEN DZINANKA
NI.ws Izmrnn Barry STEIN

Associsrr nrws sor-roas  DAVID WIstLssao. ANDREA Hsazaasa. CYNTHIA HACINLI
l’nonucrIoN Mmu'n PATRICK MCGLVNN

 

 

 

 

Associxr: rsonucrIoN MANAGERS ..... .. Lotnsu MARKS. CxIIoL McPucnsoN. ELLaN FINE
EDITORIAL Mars Emma KsN Wxx
ARTS dt Frxruars Eulroas ........................................ ..SraNcsa Rxoaro. NAOMI FRIEDLANDEB

Nlt‘l'IlAN SALANT
Mike PIBKARSKI
Irauv ALIixacIIr. Lss ZUCKBBMAN
KaN Conn
DANllil O‘Connog

 

Sroani rulroa

Assocli'rr sroais Ianrna
Anvsansmo u w mun:
CLxsanrn-Gam'm wrun-
Iiusmrss “mirr-

 

 

STAFF MEMBERS
AJ’ and Zudiut' News ntanngm: Mathew Kaufman. Kim Sutton
I’rt'vlt'w.‘ Joyce Feigenbuum
Graphics: Alan Foerdcr. Francis Smith. Joseph Zubrovich
Billing Acronnlnnt: Susan Domrcs
I‘urtcup: Patty Ahcrn. .ludi Heitner. Marjorie Hogarth, More Love
'I't-t'hnt’ctrl editor: Sarah lilumcnstock
(‘nmprxn‘rt'un manager: Ellen Boisen
Ilt'urllypt‘st: Leslie Eisenstein
Typing: Janet Adler. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Vicki Kurtzmnn. Tania Levy.
Michele Lipton. Debbie Ricger. Joan Silverblatt
’l't't'hnlcttl .rtttlﬂ' Rich Mermclsteln. Ellen Weiss
Administrative (Isl-Islam: Jcrclyn Kaye _
Advertising production: Lisa Biundo. Jeff Aronowitl. Kelly Kiln. Brian Cahlll. Heidi Bath
Photography.- supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press ls published every 'llmda y and ﬂlday durlng the school year except
holidays Editorial pulley ls the rcsponrtht/lty ofthc Miter in Chief and .iubjet't to review by the
Editorial Board. Main ajﬂce: CC 329; telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Association.
Address mall to: Albany Studem Pres. CCJZO, [400 Warhlngtnnﬂvenue. Albany. New York.

 

 

 

  
 
  
   
       

    
  
  
   
  
    
   
     
   
   
   
    
  
   
    
  
 
 
   
   
    

   
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
   
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
   

