     
 
  
    
 
 
  

      
       
     
   

  
  

  
  
   

 
  
   
    
 
    

 

   

  

 

 

   
 
 
  
 
  

 

........—-»..a~’_...s—.m... ,.

 

  
  
  
  
  
      
   
 
   
 
   

     
  
  
 
   
       
     
    
     
       
      
     
    
   
     
           
         
     
      
     
        
      
    
     
      
      
       
     
      
         
      
      
      
   
    
   
  
  
  

 

To the Ella:

President Fields of the State University of
New York at Albany has beenfaced with mak-
ingkbudpt cuts. induding the elimination of
08 faculty positions. A Knickerbocker News

- 1 item of February 6. 1976indieates that one of
I the propams‘beingconsidered for elimination

is the School of Nursing

' Thestudents ofnursing at SUNYAfbelthat
termination of theschool at this time would be
a grave mistake and that the ll'llpld of such ac-
tion would be felt state wide.

The School of Nursing at SUNYA offers a
baccalaureate prop'am which has been
nationally accredited since 1972. The school
has 284 students enrolled. representing 41
counties in New York State. One hundred per-I
cent of the class of 1975 are employed at
salaries ranging from s9.ooo.oo—sts.ooo.oo
per year. Applications for thefall of l976total
close to 1.350 including over 400 students
wishing to transfer from other colleges.
SUNYA nursing graduates are higltly
employable and in demand. Statistics show
that 75% of SUNYA graduates are employed
within New York State. in spite of these
positive factors we believe the school is being
seriously considered for elimination.

it will not only bethe nursingstudcnt whose
education will be placed injeopardy. but long
range effects will be felt by all community
health agencies who need nurses with bac-
calaureate degrees. Ironically enough. while
the administration at SUNYA is considering
the termination of the baccalaureate program
in nursing. legislation isto beintroduced in the
New York State Legislaturethis month stating
that by 1985 the baccalaureate degree will be
the basic requirement for entry into
professional nursing. This proposal is spon-
sored by the New York State Nurses Associa-
tion.

1 only hope that administration. while con-
sidering the nursing program cut. will fully
realizethe impact that a decision to terminate
will have on the supply of professional nurses
prepared to meet the health needs of the peo-
ple of the state of New York.

Debbie Calderon
Freshman Nursing Student

fielding the
tenure question

To the Editor: . g ‘
An open letter to President Fields:

I am apprised ofthe fact that you now have
the ﬁnal decision in the Michael Kaufman
tenure case.

I feel that since you will have a difﬁcult deci-
sion to make you would wish many differing
perspectives on the issue.

I am writing this letter in hopes of per-
suading you in the speciﬁc of givingtenurc to
Michael Kaufman. and in general. to halt cer-
tain precedent makingtendencies on the part
of the Administration which seem bent on
diluting the quality of undergraduate studies
at the expense of costly and qualitatively
inferior graduatetstudies.

lam not qualiﬁed tojudge professor Kauf-
man's scholarship, but apparentlytbe English
department is satisﬁed with its quality.

However. 1 am qualiﬁed to judge on the
teaching ability of professor Kaufman having
taken a drama course with him as professor. l
have had many professors here at Albany. but
few teachers. Few of my professors have been
able to transmit some of the same enthusiasm
they feel for their subject to their students.
Michael Kaufman is one professor who has
been ablctodothis. ltis onthesc grounds. that
Michael Kaufman as ateachcr is too valuable
to undergraduates. that I recommend that he
receive tenure.

Much has been said in newspapers.
magazines. and academic circles about the low
quality of general undergraduate education.

PAGE TEN

Mr A , K-
a education for the
Pb. D.“ proi'am in the
,  ‘ qualityofwldchh'u
ofﬁcially benjudpd inferior. This bespeaks
of‘ irresponsibility on“ the part of the Ad-
ministration‘s duty to the majority of the
students on this campus who are not graduate
students. but rather are undergraduates. All
accounts, even those of his detractors, express
the opinion that Michael Kaufman is askillful
and valuable teacher. Such a man should not
be lost to the many for the sake of a costly
prd'essional scholar whose purpose would be
to serve an elite few. ‘
I therefore submit that by speciﬁcally'deny-
ing Michael Kaufman tenure you tacitly give
the signal to formulate a general policy on the

 

‘ part of the English department to ﬁre most of

their junior members. and by so doing com-

promise and sacriﬁce good undergraduate

studies to an elitist graduate progam.
Robert B. Deane

a nice letter

To the “tor:

Attached herewith is a letter received from
our students who are at present participating
in our overseas program at the University of
Nice, FRANCE.

The French Department thought you might
be interested in publishing it for the beneﬁt of
your readers.

Thank you very much.

Jack Richtman
Acting Chairperson
Department of French

We. the Nice (Riviera) students do hereby
publicly announce that we miss (believe it or
not): A

Walt’s sub (preferably tuna or turkey with
Russian Dressing)

Pizza deliveries to satisfy later night
munchies

Autumn and Thatcher Park

Puddleball, Volleyball and logs (RG)

Frisbics and the Fountain: attention S.C.‘
(especially when it's working)

The second floor lounge of the library

Windburn, frostbitten noses and wind
tunnels

The ASP—especially Basketball News. the
Personals and the Activities sections

Unlimited Tab. ice cream and food in
general at dinner

Freihofer’s chocolate chips and other
goodies

Open room doors in the dorms

and all the beautiful people we left behind.
Have a good semester—we miss you.

o

accounting for SA '

To the Editor:

Friday's article. “Inside Job Suspected in
SA Cash llox Theft“ (ASP. Feb. 17) is a classic
example of the sensationalistic journalism
that has come to typify the reporters of the
Albany Student Press. However. it stands out
from the usual nonsense, in which few
students take any interest because it directly
maligns the character of our employees.

Although we are naturally reluctant to
publicize the volume of money in which SA
operating deals with. it easily runs above the
520.000 ﬁgure by this time of year. Ofthat. ap
proximately $200 was missing over the same
period. The number of people who might have
stolen this amount (all from our small daily
petty cash) leaves any conjecture possible.
Why not then print “Janitors Suspected in
Rip-Off!”

1 could attempt to place all of the quotes
chosen for this article back into their proper
perspective. but that would merely be dignify-
ing a most inept reportingjob. But forthc sake
of concluding the story (Did the ASPrun out
of room?) 1 will repeat that Stu Klein andl
havo instituted a rccei pt system in the Contact
Ofﬁce. This will tighten our accounting

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"t

 

nutty. l samba he SPc'anbegint'o.
report news.‘ir'utead 'd‘ mantd'aatllng their
own. i i v r i '

   

’for'yi‘ours‘elil-

RickMeckler- 1" "n won
0 ' . .
SA we. mm“ As a student who is sick and tired of being
ripped-off by campus vending machines (this
letter is prompted by my second loss of a
quarter today). 1 would like to remind other
students of three tactics for dealing with this
hassle. First, don't beat on the machine—it
' will only take so much abuse before it stops
working completely. Second, label the
machine. An out of order sign will stop others
from getting ripped-off. Last. report the loss,
either to the Quad Ofﬁce or Campus Center.
Not only will you get your money back, but
also if F.S. A. is flooded with complaints about
a machine. they‘ll ﬁx it!

requesting a
legal briefing

To the Editor:

Last week an article written by Perry Silver
made Albany students aware of the problem
of Medical School acceptance. 1 would likcto
know if the same could be done for SUNY
statistics on Law School acceptance. Just hav-
ing read an article in the New York Times
(2/ II / 76) on job shortages for younglawyers,
would it be possible to investigatethe statistics
of those SUNY students who get accepted into
Law School; as well as how many actually ﬁnd
jobs in the legal ﬁeld after graduation?

A special Bar Association Committee *
(1963) found that many lawtrained people are
going into non-legal businesses. The Pro-Law
Handbook cautions college students to “be
aware of some uncertainties in the future
employment prospects for. young lawyers."

Ann-Laurie Roscn

castles burning

A Chat With God]

by Ken Wax ____________o
It happened late one night last week. Saturday night 1 think. l‘d fallen asleep quite soundly
after a party but awakened suddenly when i felt something next to me in bed. I turned overtosee
a burning bush sitting on the edge of my mattress, Now. 1 don't mean a SUNYA nympho. but a
real, honest to god burning bush. just like in the bible. But i wasn‘t alarmed.

1 had seen it before. God was stopping by for a visit. I leaned over. turned on the stereo. lit up
my pipe. and waited for the Lord almighty to extinguish. The blaze soon vanished. andthe once
burning bush was now our creator. the true god our religions pay homage to.

Hi Waxy. said god.

Perhaps i should describe Him before 1 continue. He is 5'7”. about 140 pounds. and looks 45
years old. but we know better. Horn-rimmed glasses. a cheap. poor ﬁtting suit and a briefcase
completes the picture. Yes. my friends. your god looks like a bookkeeper. And tonight he looked
like a very annoyed. harried bookkeepper.

Hey. god! What you been up to? l happily asked. hoping to cheer Him up.

Don‘t ask. I‘ve got galaxies in collision that I won't be able to get to until Thursday. and
construction is three cons behind schedule on a new universe I'm working on. And to top it off.
its mother nature's Ilmc of the century. . Look, I can't stay long, I have four solar systems to
create before morning. hey, you got anything to drink? . . .

I got him a bottle of coke. he took a snort. and continued. . .

Waxy. you remember that memorandum on ﬁnal exam prayer pollc y you circquch for me
[art semester? Well I want you to convey another message. about a little modification I '11: making
on your race. Gonna change it back so that sex is instinctual. and lt'mr'tcdonly to propagation of
the species. . .Oh. I realize that making it so sex no Iongcrfccls good will unno y some lturnurtr,
but changing it to a two week-mating season will make things so muclt easier for me.

Whoa. there god. maybe' you oughta’expla'in this to me. . . .

Alright. Look. Waxy, you know I'm uburyguy. right? Maintaining thcorrlcr of the uni vcrrc f.\‘
no piece of cake. The last thing I need is needless lntcrruptionr, ch." And along comes your race,
thinking I'm only their god./lkcldon'1hovc other things to take care of; y'know? Itr getting to bc
«pom. mun. . .

This past weekend was ridiculous. I'm dashing around whipping up new civilizations and you
people have the audacity to ark for house ctr/Ir. complete with blessings. every goddunt Ii'ntt'
someone .i'neczcr. Wltto's'rtmuttcr with you humans." You don't think I knew what I was doing
when I built the sneeze mechanism into homo-sopt'cnrf‘ Ilcll. you don't see no dogs or cats“
doubting me like that!

Do you have on y idea how many 'rlontn 17' requests / get a do y? And woekcrtrlt, boy, Waxy.
what you people do to nu: on weekends is ajokc/ You expect me to waste my weekends listening
to your trivial, .t't'lly praise. Can you imagine? These little inconsequential specks of dust and
planet their a more grain of sand in a galaxy which is inﬁnitesimal within the universe wartt me
to kill my weekends listening to them telling me who! a nice guy Iam.l know I'm a nice guy. If I
weren't such a nice guy I'd zap earth right out of space for belngs'uchapat'nt'n the ass, man. . .

Not to mention the ones who give all the credlt to that long haired htppleson of mine. What‘d
he ever do anyway? Walk on water." Hey. I can dance on water, Waxy. . .

Uh. god. what does all this have to do with taking the fun out of fornication’.l

I was just getting to that. The lost .rtraw of this continual hats-ling ls when I get interruptch by

. false alarms. I‘ll be crulslng around the universe and all of a sudden my sensors will pick up
someone screaming "Oh my god] Oh my God/ Oh my god/" So I stop everything. get my ass
down to earth to check It out. only to find out its just an orgasm alarm. its only sexual
Intercourse. So I gotta go back to where I warbefore the interruption, and the whole deal is
wasting a lot of m y time. Your screwing lsfucklng me up, man. So we’lljurt cut [I out except for
a two week annual mating reason. '

Now wait a second. god almighty. you can't do thatl I started talking and didn‘t stop until
three hours later when. by threatening l'd devote my life to evangelism. god agreed to my terms:
A ﬁfty yeur wait-and-sec period before undertaking such a signiﬁcant change. I ﬁgured what the
hell. when l‘m in my seventies it won't mean that much to me. . . ‘

So god and 1 said good-byes, I got him a match for the bush. and a few minutes later 1 was fast
asleep. fulfilled that, in my OWn little way. 1 have helped my people.

You‘re welcome.

Dave Bloom

 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    
    
   
 

 
 

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters to the
editor. submit letters, TYPE WRI TTEN,
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Prel. CC 329. 1400 Washington
Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. The ASP
will not publish unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keep those 1
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:

’ evity is the sole of wt‘t.‘

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 17, 1976

M‘ ' d-tbt:
not:   _,,. , ., .
~ r ' ' , oeurrltn outside the government, to cooperate in what miglu be the

Wharton of

 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 

 

 

or d tin d
a report originally meant for public

Becoming

Two and a half years ago there existed a
study group of women who came out of an
organization called Capital District Women.
This group met periodically to discuss various
problems of the community and to studytheir
effects on women. On one occasion one of the
women was asked to be a witness at a rape trial
in Colonic. What she found at this trial
horriﬁed her. and she brought it back to the
group. The group decided to ﬁnd out about
the rape problem in Albany and began calling
on police units and the mayor. The responses
they received were shocking. There was one
repon of rape in 1973. thus the city concluded
that there was no rape porblem and therefore
no services provided. When the study group
went to the women in the community it found
that rape was indeed a problem in Albany.
There was a great disparity between what the
police andthe city government andthe women
of the community were saying.

The study group became interested in ﬁn-
ding out what were the problcmsthat created
the barrier between the city government and
the community, why women were not
reporting rapes, and why the policy were not
aware of what was actually occurring in the
community. Somethings were becoming clear
though; there indeed was a rape problem in
Albany and there was a need for some group
to investigate the problems.‘ Fraya Katz
founded a group in August of 1974 which
would soon be called AWARE (Albany
Women Against Rape).

The main objective of the group was to
organize a rape crisis center and receive fun-
ding from the Albany County Government.
After a highly publicized feud between
AWARE and the county. involving such
things as the conﬁdentiality of victims and the
director of the crisis center. AWARE was
ﬁnally recognized and given a substantial
amount of money to become the Albany
County Rape Crisis Center. There are three
full-time paid staff. Fraya Kutz is now the
director with Vivian Solis and Carol
Glowinsky as Assistant Directors. The RCCis
also staffed with trained volunteers who serve
as counselors. Each counselor must 'go
through an extensive weekend training session

on his release of a secret House intelligence repon.

 

strained with an inescs, pable decision. . . whether. as possibly the sole

distribution.”
CBS correspondent Daniel Scharr.

MOTHER BlKV

AWARE

by Teri Holbrook 1:25 , maze
ofinformation gathering and role playing and
expected to come to meetings where ongoing
education is given. Both women and men have
gone through
victims. but men are important in that they
counsel the men in the victims‘ life.

The RCC has a 24 hour hotline whose
number is 393-1165 (if calling from a pay
phone call this number collect). There are also
two ofﬁce phone numbers which are open 9-5,
Monday through Friday. they are 465-2773
and 465-5426. All cases are kept strictly con-
ﬁdential. The police are not called in unless the
women wants to involve them. A counselor
will then go with the woman to the hospital.
police station and to the courtroom. if she
chooses this route.

The Albany RCC has been highly
successful. From the statistics that have been
gathered to date there have been 52 sexually
related crimes called into the RCC from May
to December of 1975. The breakdown is as
follows: 20 rapes. 2 attempted rapes. 14 child
rapes. 3 battered women. and 13 other sexual-
ly related crimes. The Albany Police have
received only about 14 calls during this same
time period. For the month of January 1976
alone there have been at least 15 cases called
in. The case load ngs everyday as more and
more people ﬁnd out about the RCC.

Some oftheir goals forthe future are expan-
ding services. cducating the public by way of
providing speakers and written material on
the many faceted subject of rape and sexual
abuse. Also lobbying is being done at the
legislature to change the archaic laws which

have hindered victims from prosecuting and
ve let ra ists go free.

h“The patlrhas not been easy. but the Albany

County Rape Crisis Center has gained the

conﬁdence of many area police units and

hospitals which now routinely call RCC
counselors in on cases. Campus Security here
at SUNY also uses RCC counselors. Women
everywhere must stun banding together.
create more rape crisis centers. support each
other. educate the public. and most impor-
tontly with our combined strength. let it be
known that women won't tolerate rape any

more.

   

qu

O . v 0

l Nursing Nursrng _ .
SUNYA's ﬁscal crisis is a serious one. Budget cuts mtat be made—but the musing I V
program is not the place to make them.

in the spring of
Committee on Academic Program Priorities made the
the nursing program: “Agree with school that they s
Science], but ﬁrst assess carefully. Lack o
estions. Form a committee [of oursi
be phased out. if it is, then add faculty. explore cooper
and add space.“ (ASP, Summer. 1975) '

Now, as SUNYA President Emmett B. Fields‘
prepares its report on where c
students in the School of Nursi
stem largely from the school'
committee set up to assess t
recently indeﬁrtitely postpone
put a damper on the practicality of adding a gr
We can readily sympat
nursing masters to that school, while other programs are ‘
asking for too much. As it stands now, the nursing program is very costly,
lower student-teacher ratio than most
However. the School of Nursing is a most valuable segmen
According to Assistant Dean of Nursing
program graduates '
programs at SUNYA can even dream of making such a claim.

The job market for professional nurses is exce
Presently, the New York St
mandate that no professional nurses be educated in sc
Bachelors degree. The legislation,
would become effective in 1985. This me
can now be obtained through two years

The implications are obviou
nursing will ﬂourish, as the jo
degree will most probably diminis
nursing programs.

According to the nursing association’s president.
legislation rests with the ever-increasing
function on the professional level. They need to
modern medical technology, an
making their own decisions. They canno
schooling.

Some middle ground must be reached here at SU
training. Only women counsel to add the expense of a grad .
burdens. However, it is also the wrong time to c
SUNYA provides many stu
effectively as professional nurses— .
be an excellent forum for university-community interaction,
President Fields has advocated in the past. We

health. Even amidst budgetary crisis. this healin



 

'75. former SUNYA Presidential Louis T. Beneret’s Seleta
following recommendation on ,
hottld have a MS. [Master of
f medical programs and facilities here raises
ders] and if MS. is not in order, school phould
iation (esp. Albany Med. Center)

Presidential Task Force on Priorities
uts should be made. many of the faculty members and
ng fear that the program is in grave danger. Their fears
s lack of a graduate program. The meetings of afeasibility
he need for a graduate nursing program in Albany were
(1. This could be a sign that SUNYA‘s ﬁscal woes have
aduate program at this time.

hize with the SUNYA administration. To ask them to add a
being severely slashed. is
hosting a
other programs at SUNYA. .
t of our university.
Shirley Kane, all of SUNYA's nursing
found employment as professional nurses last year. Few other
llent—and it will probably get better.
ate Nurses Association is pushingfor legislation which will
hools offering less than a
which could be passed duringthis legislative session.
ans that the professional nurse‘sliCense which
of schooling, will require four.

5. Thejob market for students graduating with a BS in
b market for students graduating with an Associates
h. Consequently. the state will need more four year

uate program in nor

g should prove a worthy effort.

Louise Pan, the rationale for the
amount of knowledge that nurses must have to
be competent in social work. in
d be able to work independently in the community
t learn all this in two or three years of

NYA. it is probably the wrongtime
sing to the university's budgetary
ut the nursing program completely.
dents with the nursing education they‘ll need to function
at a price they can afford. The nursing pro gram can
the type of interaction
must nurse the nursing program to

 

 

59%

MASTHEAD STAFF

 

..... ..STIPIIEN thNANtt_A
 Seances RAooto

.. Barn! S'ﬂllN
.. DAvrn WtheLssso. AnoaaA Hlllllilo. CYNTHIA HActNu
..................................... ..PATllCK MCGLYNN
. o tss MAaxs, CAmL Manesson, ELLEN FlNl
KIN WAx
sa. SrsrnsN EtssNMAN
 NAruAN SALANT
MICHAEL PtaKAasxt

.Jsaav ALaaacur. Lss ZUCKEIMAN
...... .. Kahuna Cola
. DANIEL O'Conuoa

  
   
   

Enrroa 1N ctttrr....
MANAGING lDl'I‘Ol
News entroa ....... ..

AssocIArs News IDI'I'O .
Pnonucnou MANAcra‘..' ..................... ..

AssocrArr raooucrrou MANAGIIS
EorroatAL rAcrs rnrroa .... ..
Ants dt rrAruars rntroas
Sroars E0110! ............... ..

AssoctA-n sroars IDI’I‘OI.
Anvrnnstuc MANAGns .... ..
CLAssrrIro-oaArrm MANAGla
busttsrss MANAan ................ ..

    
  
   
 
  
  

 

 

AOMl FIlliDLA

 

_____—-———

slstant mane lng editor: Phil Molter .
All! and Zodlaxc News managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton
Suﬁ wrlters: C.S. Santino. Susan Miller
Preview: Joyce Feigenbaum
Billlng accountant: Susan Domres
Camposltlon manager: Ellen Bmsen
Assistant to the editor: Ellen Weiss

t tn: Leslie Eisenstein .
gigguéll’on' Janet Adler. Patty Abern. Sarah Blunsenstock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. lush

' ' lc Upon.

' M it h Vicki Kurtzman. Kathy Lam. More lave. Tania levy. Miche

lliietiltmhdnermngﬁfcinfﬁnnci Meunier. Debbie Roger. Joan Silvcrblatt. Elhn Weiss

Assistant editorial page: editor: Steve Parness

Graphics editor: RobmHIIOoliragrémn

Circulation manager: e ene . _ ' wun

Ad II In roductlon: Jeff Aronowttz. Kelly Kira. Brian Cabtll. Anus

tht‘t’tglap'h; suppliedprincipally by University Photo Senior and marital of Camuauub
day during the school year except

The Albany Student Pros It published every Mday and on

holidays. Editorial pollcy is the resporulbllit y oflhs Editor In Chief and subject to review by the

Masthead Stqﬂ‘. Main ofﬁce: CC 329: telephone: 67-8892. herded by Student Association

Address mall to: Albany Student Pun. CC329. 1400 WarhlngtonAvenlAv. Albany. New York.

 

 

' maze-‘25:;

i

 
  
    
  
     

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a== sa- 36*?! ﬁt]-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(P

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
 

misc-i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

