..N.‘,_M~MM.-W. ‘ eve-rm. ‘ ‘

 

A... .WWWWMW~A.—. ..I‘“

 ‘_..~.,a»:..n..¢..,..-

i

if;
g:
i.
i;
.g.
;.

 

 

i
I
I.
i
i
_I
a.
2
a,

  

     

 

 
 
 
 

 

‘/ J/

‘ssso PER PERSON
$1.50 ALLOWANCE
rOit MEAL CARD

HOLDERS

‘9‘“ “g. attenuating ma
, 12'

'_ CASH COCKTAILS
 p.m.—7 p.m.

DINNER SERVED (p
“mung cent“

 

7 pm.

- N
, A" For your dining enjoyment we are serving Q)
Lg 9?
t'Hlt'KIN [(iti UNION Mill' é

SHISH KlilAll

RICE I’IIAF
>.-\l,\ll “(MIAth \V IETA CHEESF VINAIGKEITL
liRAIIJTI) BREAD ts BUI IER

LEMON ICE

BAKALAVA

BEVERAGES

(tRiik‘ RODITIS WINf SIRVLD WITH DINNER

LECTURE FOLLOWING DINNER IN C.C. ASSEMBLY HALL

Reservations must be in by March 22nd
Please call early
457-4614 or 457-3205 SEN-EA

*please note time change

 

 

 

 

 

2 tax cards.....$1.5
1 tax card......$3.00
no tax card.....$10.00

CC lobby March 15-19 . 10:00-2:00

CLASS OF 1977

 

Be photographed for your yearbook'l'
March 22-April 2 »
9:00-1:00, 2:00-6:00 Mon.,Wed. and Fri.
12:00-5:00, 6:00-9:00 Tues., Thurs.
Sign up at CC info desk
$2.00 sitting fee.

 

 

 

I...“-.“.............:.-...

First of all, we need your understanding.
In the next few weeks, the word Ko’ach will
be seen throughout this campus. Ko’ach in
Hebrew means strength and also has a
numerical value of 28. We have chosen this
word for our campus United Jewish Appeal
Campaign for it will take the strength of each
and every student to help Isreal survive as we
approach her 28th year Of existence. But
theKo’ach campaign is more. It is an
attempt to aid oppressed Jewry throughout
the world; from right here in Albany, with
our neglected elderly, to the ghettos of Eu-
rope, to the hungry in Iran. But Ko’ach is
even more— it is education, commitiment,
and then sacrifice. These three words are the
key to Ko’ach.

 

WE DO NOT WANT YOUR MONEY ...YET

We want to reach you, challenge you,
provoke you, make you think, and educate
you. Then, and only then, will we attempt
our final step: securing from each of you a
true financial sacrifice tO show your com-
mittment tO oppressed Jewry and to a
beleaguered Israel. We want to Speak to
every one Of you, but until we can, please
contact us, and question us. Ask for Mike
Fox at 434-4220 or Steve Shaw at 459-8000.
Together we can make Ko’ach work. It
depends on each and every individual put—
ting their strength together, their Ko’ach
together. We can do it. Pass the word on-

SponsOred by J.S.C.

 

 

 

by Stephen Elsentnan
mil Naomi l-‘rletllender

The university, by nature. is the
center of intellectual growth. and
nowhere is this more visible than in
the ﬁelds of humanities. However.
SUNYA‘s humanities programs are
being threatened with stagnation;
and the English Department is a
prime object of this assault.

The National Board of Graduate
Education, in a report published in
the Chronicle of Higher Education.
gave these startling statistics. of the
33.000 Ph.D.‘s granted in all fields in
1974. “as few as 7.000 and certainly
'no more than 15to 20.000 will secure
employment." In the humanities. the
situation is far more severe. In light
ofthis ﬁgure. the proposal to create a
new English Ph.D. program com-
ﬂ

Editor‘s Note: St't'ontl uj'a series on
the budget CULT and their effects on
the arts.

The Musical Spectrum

Discos & Deejays

e Arts: The Subtle
Threat of Stagnation

posed of visible scholars. and a
larger number doctoral candidates
from a wide ranging geographical
area. is troubling.

This proposal. suggested by Presi-
dent Emmett Fields‘ hand picked
committee of outside evaluators
(Hugh Holman. Helen Vcndler, and
James Woodress). is now inthe first
stages of implementation. A new
English Department Chairman has
been hired (pending the hiring
freeze). He is John Gerber: 69 year
old retired chairman from the Un-
iversity of Iowa.

John Gerber‘s credentials are not
in question; he has a fine reputation.
Yet at a time when fottr faculty lines
are being slashed. when the budget
crisis is severe. and when younger
men of ﬁne scholarship are left un—
employed. the question of Gcrbcr‘s
installation becomes very serious.
The salaries commanded by Gerber
and those scholars that he would

 

 

by'lfelth Graham

When you think of disco music.
you tend tothink of New York City.
Most of what you hear about the dis-
co scene cotnes from New York. The
New York scene gives all sorts of
people an opportunity to party har-
dy; it brings different people
together. The good deejuys have the
power to promote newsounds. make
money, and achieve considerable
notoriety.

SUNYA. of course. is in contrast
to New York. the focal point of par-
tying. First. the SUNYA discos are
predominantly black. although
groups like Friends are trying to
change that. Disco sounds reach
New York before they reach here.
There are no soul stations in Albany
to let everyone know what‘s happen-
ing at the discos. I wondered if there
was anything significant about dis-
cos at SUNYA. and I also wanted to
see what it‘s like to be a deejay at
SUNYA. Joe Williams seemed to be
the perfect person to talk to.

Joe Williams is a student from
Manhattan. the heart of the New
Yprk City disco scene. He has been a
disco deejay for years and now rates
at the top deejay at SUNYA. His
parties attract many people and are
qurtc popular. despite their off-
campus locale. He has given discos
for various campus groups, in-
cluding Fuerza Latina.

Joe Williams. in spite of his abili-
llh doesn’t want to be the big deejay
on campus. He doesn't give all that
many discos and his discos have been
free. When I mentioned that l
lhgusht he was number one. he was
‘IuIclt to correct me and asked me
not to build him up that way.

The first question | asked Joe was
Whylsioe Williamsapopular deejay
and ythat makes a good deejay? J or:
dldnt know about himself. but felt
m“ Popular dcejays "have a certain
“"1 0f charisma that attracts peo-

 

 

 

tWVWw

    

 

MARCH 16‘, 1976

pie." “Wait a minute. Joe. isn‘t there
a certain amount of skill involvcd‘!"
“ch." Joe replied. “but after a due-
jay acquires the skills. he‘s really no
different from anyone else."

“What about the music?" I asked.
“Joe. you always seem to get the best
music. and does that help?“ “I get my
music from Manhattan and yes. peo-
plc do like to hear ttcw sounds."
"Docs equipment count?" lIe con-
ccdcd that mixing devices help. but
he added that you could use less
sophisticated equipment as long its
the sound filled the room. Front his
conversation. I get the impression
that he didn't think he was anything
special.

I asked Joe why people come to
discos as SUNYA. if they can‘t ex-
pect a well-done disco. He simply
said. “it‘s something to do." He felt
that love for dancing and wearing
stylish clothes didn‘t play a part in
why people come to discos. There
isn‘t really much for them. or anyone
else. to do up here. so tltcy party.

In spite of criticisms of the type of
people who go to discos and the
effects that discos have on people not
involved in them. they are a good
thing for the campus. .Ioe indicated.
For many people. discos arcjust like
going to play basketball. 'l'hey are a
way to meet people and bring people
together.

Joe has somethingintlte works for
black weekend. I suggest you check
out his parties anti the big ex-
travaganza during black weekend. It
will be well worth it.

Vibes:

During the interview. .Ioe
recommended albums by the Fat-
back lland and by the Ilrass Con-
struction as disco albums to buy. At
the time of the interview. they
weren‘t really popular and now.
these groups are doing well. showing
that Joe has an ear for new sounds.
Keep listening to him.

 

select are incosistent with the
austerity demanded by Governor
Carey‘s budget. .

The English Department does not
work in a vacuum. and though one
high salaried scholar may not be
directly traded for two or more
junior faculty members. the loss
must be taken up somewhere:
perhaps in other humanities
programs. Invariably. a scheme such
as this would all but eliminatejunior
faculty members; reduce substantial-
ly the number of course offerings
(graduate professors teach an
average of two fcwcr courses than
undergraduate professors); make
classes larger: and reduce un-
dergraduatc teaching in favor of
graduate research.

What we suggest instead is that the
English Department abide by some
of the suggestions of the National
Board of Graduate education. These
are:

I. Try to coordinate its graduate
programs in conjunction with other
universities in the state. This would
mean abandoning the I’h.D.

 

 

 

  

 

 

program in English at Albany.
suggesting that doctoral candidates
enroll in other state scho I. It‘is‘

 

2. The department should in-

  

utmost to preserve the quality Of un-

hoped that all graduate programs vestigate the viability of upgrading dergraduatc education while retain-

withinthestatewilltrytocoordinate the existing MA. and DA.
line with the
duplication and to conserve suggestions ofthc Board.

3. The department should try its should be explored.

their programs in order to avoid programs. in

fCStlUI’CCS.

ingjunior faculty and flexibility.
4. New criterion for judging and
rewarding faculty performance

‘Of Mice and Men:’
Meek and Mediocre

by David Taffet
Regional theatre in the Capital District is new and

exciting. Two recent productions at the Coboes Music'

Hall. home of the area‘s new resident theatre. were both
excellent. and so. with much anticipation. did I attend
the season‘s final offering.

0/ Hire and Men by John Steinbeck. running
through March 27, stars Mike Mazurki. a Coboes
native. This mtist be the reason that Mazurki has been
drawing large crowds to the Music Hall each night
despite his limited talent. Although his face is familiar. I
found it hard to place him in any particular role. His
biography insists that he has appeared in moretban 200
films. an equal number oftelevision shows, and quite a
few commercials. “including one for Hanes stockings."

(icncrally Matrurki has portrayed villains and
gangsters and his role as Lennie is his first truly
dramatic performance. Lennie, the retarded man. is
played with a total lack of understanding for the
character. Mazurki played Lennie as another criminal.
making him appear stupid rather than innocent and
eliciting no sympathy for him.

The credentials of the other actors in the cast would
also indicate more talent than I witnessed upon stage.
Gino Morra who appeared in The French Connection
and The Godfather. as well as a Ragu sauce commercial,
was more Ragu than Godfather, as George. Lennie's
friend and companion. He played the part of the
Northern Californian usinga strange accent somewhere
between Bostonian and Ozark mountain hillbilly. The
rest of the cast was equally dreadful with one notable
exception. Earl ’I'beroux as Candy. one of the other
ranchhands. tried to inject a little lifeinto his character.

The production was entirely too long, lasting more
than three tedious hours. In the ﬁnal scene. when

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

George shoots Lennie. rat her than allow others to lynch
his friend. all I felt was relief. not remorse or regret.

A lack of imagination surrounded the production.
causing one bit of unintentional humor. Candy‘s dog is
supposed to be a Sheepdog and twice. while the dog is on
stage. they refer to its breed. Obviously. a Sheepdog was
not found for the production and a black and white
mutt was substituted. A small exchanging of the word
mutt for Sheepdog would have solved the entire
problem. Without changing the meaning at all. the use
of a little imagination bythe director. would have kept a
sensitive scene serious.

SO much for this season at the Coboes Music Hall. In
general. it was excellent. Both The Subject War Roses
and Arsenic and Old Lace were high calibre
productions that would have graced the schedules of
any repertory or regional theatre group. Next season
again looks quite promising. Ltfe with Father will begin
the third season in November. followed by a Gershwin
musical. 0h Kay. Noel Coward‘s Blythe Spirit. Arthur
Miller's Death of a Salesman. and Oscar Wilde‘s The
Importance of Being Earnest. Quite noticeable is the
lack of any play written within the last twenty years in
the schedule.

After the cast of Of Mice and Men took their ﬁnal
bows, Mike Mazurki stepped out of.role to address the
audience which became ecstatic when he said he hoped
to return again next year. Out of character, he spoke no
differently than he ht'td done as Lennie-performed-as-
Chicago-mobster. The low-class. uneducated voice was
Mr. Maturki‘s own.

I began to think about what Mr. Mazurki had said:
That he would like to return next year to do another
show at the Music Hall. As a member of the English
Aristocracy in Oscar Wilde's play} As Willy Loman’i

g

PAGE SEVENTEEN

    

  

 

 

 

