  
 
 
   
  

  
     

 

     

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

be early darkness I_ could  the
utli ofthe buildings slougthe‘water-
andthe travlers and boatstied tothe
'bouyedifurtlter out in the bay.
. slinde undilldeﬁncd emu
t .moon cut a‘ shaft dli‘ght across
a offthe, dreamy nullity of
an, pr 'onut painting. The only reali-
Vty' ting in the pungent odor of ﬁsh. '
1 , on’t think you‘re gonna like
ﬁshing." Dominick Montagnino said. He
wanhort and full with a tan face and a
raspy throat that made him sound more
gruff than he intended. lsaid l was_ willing
to Wait and see and helaughed. Underthe
baseball cap and the .plastic rimmed
glasses he looked more like a street ven-
dor than a captain but the voice had
authority in it. He took one of my bags
and we walked down to the wharf.

The “Curlew” had been a dark green
once and there were traces of gray where
thevpairit had chipped but the color had
dulled from the ocean air and water and
the metal ﬁttings were all rusted brown.
She was roughly eighty feet long, with a
high bow and a rounded stern and a mast
that jutted up high in the ntiddle of the
deck. “Twenty-ﬁve years ago she was a
beauty,” Montagnino said, “but now
these wood boats are out of date. it‘s not
worth it to the owners to keepthem up."

He showed me around: Theforcastle or
“foc'sile‘ where the crew sleeps, the stern
below where the engine is housed, the box
upon the aft deck that is the galley and the

 

   

‘ box above that, the wheelhouse.

“When you're walking on deck always
hold on to something,”he said.

“You got any blankets?"

“I've got a sleeping bag.”

“I'll pt you some blankets, a sleeping
bag is not good if you've got to get upina
hurry." We climbed up the ladder to the
wheelhouse and waited f orthe rest of the
crew to show.

It was completely dark now except for
the harbor lights and the moon. “What do
you want to go ﬁshing for?" The state-
ment was more rhetorical then question-
ing. “You went to college, you should get
work in an ofﬁce." l told him I had
dropped out and saw the disapproval in
his face.

“My father used to ﬁsh out of Boston
when l was a kid. I‘d ask him to take me
with him but he always said no so one
time lsnuck aboard his boat. He found
me before we sailed and pulled me off by
the hair and gave me a good beating. Our
family had been ﬁshermen before they left
Italy but he didn't want me doing it. I
took my son out when he was a kid but he
didn't like it and I‘m glad. Now he's in real
estate. That's smart, that’s what you
should do. Ftshing's no life. I've been do-
ing this for forty-eight years. When my
father died I didn't have any choice but
it's no way to make a living," He wasn't
complaining, it was just advice.

Someone was cursing on the dock and
Montagnino switched on the deck light.
Two men staggered aboard. looked up to
us and waved. One disappeared downthe
hatch of the foc'sile, the other stood un-
certainly on deck. in the light I could see
the severe features of his face. fringed
with a growth of shining white stubble
and white hair that made himlook as if he

 

Editor's Note: The author is an undergraduale
a! Albany State.

 

PAGE 411

   

m a...  out ofgranite. He looked

like a creation of Melville or Joseph Con-'

rad. His face had been on the Bounty,
rounded the Horn,~ fought at
Trafalgar .and generally shouted and
grimaced and cursed in the harsh tradi-
tion of the sea. He faced away from the
wind, unzipped his ﬂy and peed un-
romantically on the deck.

“I can't allow any booze on board,”
Montagnino said. “If I did these‘guys
would be at it all night." '

The four other crew members showed
up more somber and sober, with the
resigned air of hopelessness and vague
futility that people go to work with on
Monday morning. They were committed

o acester

to work for the next ﬁve or eight days, till
the hold got full or the sea got mean, have
years ago a Glouscester boat got rammed
by a steamer at night. Only three-men got
off .” Does that happen much? “Not any
more, we got radios now, ship to shore
and the Coast Guard. Things are safer

than they used to be, but you've got to .

look where you're going.

“I‘ve been sunk three times. once by a
U. Boat during the war. It was foggy or
else he wouldn't have surfaced because
the planes would have spotted him too
easily. He shot machine guns into the
water around us and shouted at us to get
off and we got off quick. He waited until
we lowered the boats and rowed far

 

 

What do you want to go

fishing for? You went to college,

you should get work in an office.

 

 

their three or four days off, then go to sea
again. Its a routine made haphazard by
the weather.

i stayed in the wheelhouse and listened
to Montagrtino swear his way throughthe
harbor trafﬁc and talkfish prices overthe
radio with an incoming trawler. “The
biggest thing you gotta worry about these
days is getting run into,” Montagnino
said after we hit the open sea. “A few

enough away, then he sank ours and two
other trawlers with his deck cannon. He
was pretty decent about it. He could have
just let us have it. We grouped the
lifeboats together and rowed home. We
were glad to be alive."

He lapsed into silence, perhaps in
greatful memory to the decency of the
U.Boat captain. The sea rolled under the
“Curlew,” giving her a mesmerizing sway

 

s
/

w
/

 

\l/‘iéhﬁ I r I .
a, & V
0/11 It _ _4//j"~ 

i

11%.». I
F‘Y MYWC'Z-  v
as.th mantle» 4 . ,«., -

 

T mites east. As Captain,‘ Montagnino had

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

she: 'therﬁshing banks 200

the ﬁrst two
.m ,.

  
   

command injﬁshing, the Captain, the
Mate,- and the Cook all get a higher
percentage of the proﬁt for their extra
troubles. But what the Captainsays goes,

“You oughtta sleep, we start at dawn.
Do you get seasick?“ That was not a
rhetorical question.

“I don't know, I've got some pills."

“Ahh, pills don't do anything. I hope
you don't get sick. Be careful when you
cross the deck. Goodnight."

The deck had developed a bad habit of
falling away when you lifted your foot up
then rising too suddenly to meet the nest
foot coming down. The ladder doWn to
thefoc'sile had more certaintytoit but the
bare bulb that lit the room took away all
stability with its swinging. A few of the
men sat around the hatchway smoking.
They all looked to be in their ﬁfties or six-
ties and spoke to each other about their
wives and children with the interest ol
people who aren't close but have known
each other for a long time. They nodded
to me and shook hands and ljoined in the
ritual pre-sleep cigarette.

The light bulb, the smoke. and the
crash of the bow over each new wave set
odds against my ‘stomach making it
through the night. I took off my boots
and climbed into a bunk built like a shell
into the wall ofthe hull. It was dump and
cool and 1 let myself fall in with the mo-
tion and sound ofthe sea on the other side
of the wall. A trickle of water run down
the wood in the bunk across from mcinto
someones face.

“Shit, this goddamned bucket is leuk-
ing already." someone said.

Four men, each holding a dumblc-likc
weight stitched with thick rope to the
orange net, walked over to the starboard
side and dropped it over the railing into
the sea ﬁve feet below. The net, dragged
by cables connected forward and aft.
opens like a bag under water, snuring
whatever swims into it. “Someone almost
caught a submarine once,“ Zeke, the
Mate, told me, “but it ripped through the
net and got away." One eye gleamed with
his smile but the other glinted a bit too
much in the sun. They were a pretty good
match; you had to look closely to scethut
one was glass.

The cable played off the side of thc
trawler by a rolling winch until the net
sank to desired level, The “Curlew” tilted
slightly from its drag and Montagnino.
steering after the electronic biceps
emitted from the “Fischﬁndcr,” steamed
the ship in widening circles.

The “Fischﬁnder”, an underwater
sonar system that sends electronic im-
pulses bouncing off the fish swimmingin
schools beneath the sea, hasturncd trawl-
ing into more of a science. in the past
there had been educated guesswork but
back then the ﬁsh had been more plentiful
and you didn't need more than a vague
idea of where to look. Still, the element of
luck counts strong and for the next two
hours there's nothing to do but sleep or
read and hope for a good catch whenth
net is hauled in.

“You make sure you stand clear ofthttt
cable when its moving. It can cut you up
bad." a gaunt faced ﬁsherman told me
over lunch. He spoke without morbid in-
tent in an accent that might have been
Finnish or Scandanavian. “A few years
back. somebody fell into one and it took
his arm off. The coast guard helicopter
picked him up pretty quick but they left
the arm behind. One of the men packed it
in the ice below and brought it back to the
hospital. The doctors were able to sew it
on again." He took the coke bottle out of

 

* tn

 

 

   

    
 

move. hisfl

was part eye at the won ers‘ of modern

science; part educational illustration ' of

- why you should look out for yourself.

'The menl'ate with one hand braced
against the boards nailed around the table
to keep the dishes and themselves from
sliding off. Through the galley portholes I
could see the ocean, thenthe sky. then the
ocean again as the “Curlew” bounced
high and low with the waves. Sometimes
too, I could seethe Russian, German, and
Japanese ships spread out like a task force
along the horizon.

Most of the f oreignﬁshinglleet operate
like an assembly line, centered around
huge steel trawlers that process and
package their catch on board then load
the ﬁnished product into the holds of the
smaller vesselsthat bringthem home. The
majority of American trawlers work in-
dependently, taking in their own catch.
Although they themselves work over the
edge of the 200 mile limit they resent what
they consider to be the foreign intrusion
into their waters.

“l‘d hateto be on one of those mother
ships," granite face, whose name was
Leroy, said. “They stay out for three
months at a stretch then they change
creWs. One of them, a Russian I think,
had some trouble once and pulled into
Glouscester for repairs. They wouldn‘t
give the crew leave to go into town so

theyhad a whore come  You i _‘ .

should have seen them yell at those
women on the dock when they left.”

“That‘s bullshit kid, don't listen to
him," the Cook said. He didn‘t think
much of Leroy.

“No. it's not, I saw 'em.”

“Bullshit.” Leroy and the Cook
glowered at each other. '

“You got a girlfriend?" the maybe-ﬁnn
asked me. He had the making of a
diplomat.

“No-'1

“There are plenty of fine ladies in
Glouscester." Leroy winked at me and
smiled with a smile that suggested
boundless, unspeakable lusts.

“Stay away from those whores kid.“ the
cook said. “As soon as your done with
them you'll spend the rest of the night
wondering why you did." Leroy started
to say something but the Finn shot a ques-
tion at me to change the subject. "How
old are you?"

"Nineteen."

“How would you like to be his age
again, Paul?"

The cook, standing by the stove with a
pot of coffee in his hand looked down at
me. He was a tall, heavy Irishman who
had graduated from Holy Cross in
Massachusetts and served as a Com-
mander in the Paciﬁc Fleet during the
war. Later he had been a real estate
broker, an insurance salesman and a cook
in an expensive Glouscestcr restaurant.
Along the way he had picked upasense of

 
  
   
   

     
 
 

    

   
     

 

   

   

 

     

 

   
    
       
    
    
 

 
   
   
     
   
   
 

    
 
  
     
   
 
     
      
    
     
     
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

Stay away from those whores. lrid. As soon as your done

with them. you'll spend the rest of the night wondering why you did.

 

 

 

 

MARCH 1?, 1976

iv

  
  
 

I

/ ﬂh / ‘2’, g
I 0%
3i. 

 

 

irony that showed now in the raised
eyebrows and played down smile. "No,"
he said, “Once is enough."

There is a sense of restrained expecta-
tion when the net suddenly bobs up from
underwater like a well stuffed orange ball.
With the engine cut, the sea seems
stronger as it washes against the hull and
the crying of the gulls gets louder. The
winches turn inward, hauling the net
aboard until it swings like a pendulum
from the mast. Someone pulls the cord
that ruptures the bottom of the net and
the fish slide through the hole onto the
deck like sand spilling through an hour
glass. Then they get separated, cleaned,
and stored.

The ocean perch, or redﬁsh, destined to
become MacDonald‘s fish sandwiches,
are too small to be gutted and boned on
board. They make up the majority of each
catch and are segregated into a mound
while someone prys off one of the
manhole-like covers that lie flush with the
deck over the hold. A wheelbarrow
without the undercarriage is pulled by
cable and winch across the deck, stufﬁng
them down into the hold where they are
packed in ice by the mate.

The larger ﬁsh, the cod. bake, and had-
dock, always less in number than the red-
ﬁsh, are piled together to have their
bellies slit and their bowels pulled out.
They are thrown into a wooden trough on
deck and hosed down before they are
stored in a different part of the hold.

Then there are the garbage ﬁsh; the
skate and other weird, ﬁatbacked
minimonsters that remain nameless ex-
cept to the oceanographers and marine
biologists who go down to the sea in
bathescapcs. Uncdible. they are stabbed
up with small pointed pitch forks and
flicked over the side. It's harder during

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the rough days, struggling for balance
upon an uncertain deck boot-deep in a
pile of ﬁsh. There is a knack to dodging
the spray thrown by the waves breaking
over the railing but sometimes it hits full
in-the face and runs uncomfortably down
the inside of the foul weather gear. After
each haul, the deck is hosed down,
washing the blood and guts and other
refuse over the side to be pecked by the
gulls and gulped by the sharks.

Fishermen hate sharks. They make
things much worse if someone goes over
the side and have an annoying tendency
to attack a drifting net. Sometimes they
get entangled and rip it apart in the wild
panic of sudden captivity. If they ﬁght
their way out the resulting damage can
keep a crew up sewing half the night. If
they don't get out, they're hauled in with
the catch and allowed to flop halftheir life
out on the deck until it's safe to cut the tail
off and throwthem back intothe seato be
ﬁnished by fellow sharks.

After eight days at sea the "Curlew" left
the sharks, the Russians, the Japanese,
the Germans and the grand ﬁshing banks
behind. There was enough fresh water left
to shave with and more food in the galley
to eat but most of the people slept on the
ride and saved the cleaning and feasting
until after the hold was unloaded. Mon-
tagnino swore his waythrough the harbor
trafﬁc with less feeling than he had ex-
pressed on the outbound run and parked
the trawler against the same wharf she
had left from.

“We had a reporter from some sports
magazine with us last January. He stayed
in his bunk or by the stoveinthe galley all
the time and when we came back in he
made a beeline out of here as fast as he
could. That guy had sense. You should go

'ob' of ."
back to school and get aj in an ﬁce

PAGE 5A

 

  

