    
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
 

    

 

mA

g

‘ .

.tﬂngy-vﬁ"

_, a, .irx.y-MM-d'mze‘rg-stCﬂ‘ﬁfelmabat-SHZtiﬁﬁsl‘tﬁmwr53s? ‘

  

I, " revolutiongya know,"
ea Martial at SUNYA Prai-
dent' Mark Waldmn. explailing
that this student-organized pinup
plans to play up the revolutionary
aspect oftlte nation's 200th birthday.

This may prove difﬁcult—the
group's orig‘nal body: of $400 was
reduced to $20 when last year's presi-
dent was caught mitappropriating
funds.

For other students, money my
not be short. but ideas are. _

Party Plat:

David Coyne said his intentions to
comntemqete'the event will be to
“proceed—toners! revolution again.”
Whenpruedto  further.
Coyne said. ‘We'don't even care."
and left the room.
Some apparently serious planning
has gone on. however. /
The Committee on the Arts. and
ofﬁcial committee of lice ennial at
SUNYA. has recently an ounced
that Mad Magazine‘s Art Director
Al Jaffee has consented to be that
committee‘s Honorary Chairman.
When asked to comment on this.

 

Bicentennial since it is going to be

eliminated at the end of this year."

said a spokesperson for the

Program. “That‘s'depressing . . .
isn't it?"

The administration seems more
positive about honoring the
Bicentennial. although no all-out ef-
fort has been planned.

A highlight of last year's Com»
munity University Day was the
designation of SUNYA as an ofﬁcial
Bicentennial campus. As proof of
our status. SUNYA raises the of-
ﬁcial Bicentennial flag every mor-

 
 
    

    
  
  

    
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
    
  
   
 
  

  
 
 
  
 
  

 

TELEPATHV

Is there really such a thing as men-
tal telepathy where people can read
each other‘s thoughts?

Well, according to the February
issue of Psychology Today. a
number of laboratory experiments
indicate it‘s possible that brain waves
and thoughts just might be
transmitted to another person.
The magazine reports that
Professor Charles Tart at the Un-
iversity of California .at Davis
recently selected l0 of his students.
who seem to havethe best telepathic
tendencies.

According to the magazine, in an
experiment in which the IO subjects
attempted to read the thoughts of a
sender in another room, the ID ex-
perienced a success rate that defied

  

DOGGY DIAPEIIS

Are you ready for “Doggie Duty
Dydies”? '

The Syracuse Times reports that a
company called Sutton Enterprises
Limited has placed a classiﬁed ad in
The New York Time: urging
patriotic Americans to purchase red.
white and blue diapers for theirdogs.

The ad proclaims: “Now more
than ever. during our Bicentennial
Year when thousands of visitors
from abroad are coming to our
wonderful country. won't it be nice
to show them how clean our city

on U.F.0.‘s to anotheragency for at
least two decades. but has been keep-
ing its ﬁndings secret from the
American people. '

Friedman says he has personally
interviewed morethan 60 US. ser-
vicemen who told him about “Ex-
cellent U.F.0. sightings" they had
witnessed. Friedman states that
reports of these incidents were usual-
ly forwarded to the top-secret
Aerospace Defense Command. but
were not released publicly.

   

  
  
 

 
     

    

It'snow ofﬁcial: th ngs are getting ’
worse.“ ' . ,r I 

A social research organization
known as “Predicasts. Incor-
porated.” reports that a special index
on the quality of life in America in-
dicates things are worse than they
were IO years ago.

The group says that a study of 16
happy and tragic events in the typical
American's life shows that bad
things are occurring more frequent-

ly.

 

   

CIA HEROIN

   

taken roomy. _ U

woman's menstrual period. r
checkingithese dates with his 
the man took the pill faithfully—for
seven years. Medical ’World New:
says his wife had six children during
that time. ‘ ' '

      

. The Publication reports that when ‘

the man was ﬁnally told by his
astonished doctor that the pill was
only for women. the husband
replied: “it didn't say that in the in-
struetions."

Student Association Vice Preai- Jame mom‘s Wm, “m r _ , V
- . PP)’ answer NHE- streets are free from dog drop- . . m l

dent Rick Meckler said that to which cannot be printed here. When Betty Herzog of University pings?" pm“ 1'.“ Mn .mﬁli the"  algtizzgc'xesaﬁaliaan p01 REFORM
celebratethe Bicentenrual SA would Affairs was asked how SU NYA was The ad says: ..we win almnany be nu‘f "911“ out dim ~ Maﬁa 3 free hand in inlematioml l“ the wake of sta'cmems by {he

"liketo ﬁve a party.” shrugging. he
added. “I don’t know how it would
relate. though.”

Central Council Chairperson

Our Winter

Tile faculty‘s view of celebration
in the face of budget cutbacks is
lackluster at best.

The American Studies Program
has nothing planned to celebrate the

Wonderland

able to receivet his status she replied.
“wcjust asked. . .AIl we hadto do
was to say that we'll maintain a
program.“

One aspect of this program was
SUNY Art Professor Bob Cartmcil's

 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 

SA Straightens Accounts

 

 

able to walk with our heads up—
instcad of our heads down. to avoid
stepping into a mess.“

UFO COVER-UP

A California nuclear physicist and

.twtt’wnm .

  

      

heroin smuggling in return for the
Mafitt‘s help against the Com-
munists in Italy.

Former Executive Assistant Vic-
tor Marchetti says that the C.|.A.
formed what he called “very close

Government‘stop drugexpert. Doc—
tor Robert Dupont. on the relative
harmlessness of marijuana. South
Dakota has moved rapidly to
dccriminalize pot in that state.
Both houses ofthc South Dakota

 

      
   
     
      
     
     
   
    
        
          
  
      
     
    
  
   
    
    
 

roller coaster cxhibitatthe Universi- lecturer claims that American link“ with the Italian Maﬁa in me Legislaturelast Friday afternoon ap- .1

ty Gallery entitled “The Great by Bryan “Ollbcrg to a more secure locatlon according military ofﬁcials are “Covering-up“ wars inancmmmhlumlhclmliun proved what appears to bcthe most =

by Marilyn Smsman You can rent the Sharett House or American Scream Machine." This PFOVISIOHS 10" ﬂ BTW!” ilccoun' m Meeklcr- a secret far bigger than the I Communist Party liberal pot law in America. 7
S What Is there to do on those dull the Long Housefor parties,scminars cxhihit featured information about tability of SA funds has been one Mccklcr declined further mm- Watergate Scandﬂl- According to. Marchelti the t
.‘aturda andSunda after -‘.’ ' ' -' ~ ‘ I I ‘ ' r -' '- ' - ' " '  t' - I ' -' '  q
y y noons It and meetings. These facilities. as all planning. constructing and uslng dII'LCl mull 0f lht the“ 0f ﬂbom mu“ ‘15 10 ln‘thllglllnm In!" lht Stanton Friedman of Hayward Is Maﬁa ubougm-t votes for polmcm 

might be a good idea to catch up on
your reading But if you're tired of
SUNYA‘s white walls. then head for
the hills and the Mohawk Campus.
SUNYA's Mohawk Campus is
located on the Mohawk River and
offers many winter activities. Bring
your own skates and you can skate
or play ice hockey on the lagoon.
which is just an overflow from the
Mohawk. Trails are marked for
cross-country skiing but you have to
bring your own skis. Sledding and
hiking are available. and tobogyrns
can be rented.
There have been rumors of long
waits for toboggans. According to
Larry Mchne. Assistant Director of
the Mohawk Activities Center. that
only happened once. "It was asnowy
weekend. good fortohogganing and
a lot of people came out.“ hesaid. “it
won‘t happen again though. because
more toboggans have been purchas-
ed and there are enough for
everyone.“
Mohawk Campus is not only open
during the day. but all night. too.

Campus Sexism

others there. are used by both faculty
and students. Though the campus is
FSA owned. people not associated
with SUNYA can usethe facilities if
they bring their own equipment.

If you want to go there. take the
Northwayto exit 18. Vischcrs Ferry.
Turn right. continue 1/: milcto Ann‘s
store and turn right again. Continue
along this road over the Nor-thway.
Mohawk Campus is on the left im-
mediater past the overpass. If you
are going as a group. it's a good idea

to make reservations ﬁrst.

roller coasters.

Most of SUNYA had not even
given celebration much thought.

AMIA Co-ordinator Denny
Elkin. when asked if AMIA was
goint to celebrate the Bicentennial.
replied. “That's a good question; we
haven‘t thought about it as yet. I
guess that we should do something

. . maybe red. white. and blue T-
shirts."

Elkin thought for a second. then
said ofﬁcially. “I‘ll bring it up at the
AMIA meeting tonight."

thefts or why Security had not hut-n
called into investigate,

"l was verysurprlsed that \\L' “L‘IL'
not called in.“ said John llL‘llltllMll
of Security. chighan refused to
speculate as to why SA has not
reported the thefts to Scettrtl} or
asked for an investigation. " Illurt-
would be no problems." stilt]
Henighan.

$250 from the Student Association
Contact Office. reported in the
Albany Student Press. February [7.

“A receipt system has been set up.“
said SA Vice President Rick
Mccklcr. Students will receive a
receipt for any services rendered at
the Campus Center located in the
Contact Ofﬁce. Receipts will permit
SA to keep close records of such
sales. Funds will be counted out and
noted at the beginning and end of
each business day and transferred
from the Contact Office cash register

WANT TO TALK IT OVER?
Call Middle Earth 457-5.")4)
24 Hours a Day

 

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 

Drlnk and dance at a gallery

Featuring Latest
Disco Sounds

Cellar Pub and Disco

all week

Rembrandt’s

57 Fuller Rd
Colonic

      

  

 

 

PARTY...

COLONIAL QUAD U- LOUNGE

Fri. Feb. 20th 9:00 -l:00
10 Kegs

Dance to Disco Sounds
Courtesy of: Tech Hi Fi

 
    
   

A
odds of “5-octiiiion to one.“ (That's
tltc number “5" followed by 24
zeros.)

Psychology Today says that in
another experiment. Professor Tart
sat in a room by himselfand received
random electric shocks. The
magazine says that volunteer
students in a nearby room. whose
brtlinwaves were being monitored by
a machine. could apparently detect
by telepathy the moments when
those shocks wcrc administered.

accusing the Pentagon of sup-
pressing evidence and eyewitness ac-
counts which would prove the ex-
istence of unidentified flying objects.

Friedman. the only space scientist
in the US. knownto be devotingfull
time to U.F.O‘s. says he has become
convinced beyond a shadow of a
doubt that the Earth is being visited
by intelligently piloted spacecrafts
from other planets.

He charges that the Air Force's
“Aerospace Defense Command“ has
been collecting and forwarding data

 

YOUR NEXT MEAL
Here's an unusual recipe: take a
pond ofwatcr; stirin four varieties of

special ﬁsh; add a dollop of
plankton: brew with liberal amounts
of cow manure. . . and what do you
have?

According to Illinois aquatic
biologist Doctor Homer Buck. you

 

STOFILOOKAN

 

Le Cercle Francals and Sayles Inter-
national House are Featuring a...

FRENCH NIGHT

Music. slides. and presentations by the faculty and
the students.

LISTEN

  

may have the answer to the world's
protein shortage.

Doctor Buck reports that thuutic
scientists have successfully and
cheaply raised hundreds of pounds
of “good-tasting" and nutritious
white ﬁsh simply by using this un—
appetizing recipe.

He explains that the pond water
and manure combine to produce
vast quantities of plankton; the
plankton. in turn. is consumed by
file fish which rapidly gain weight.
Doctor Buck sayslhnt tiny ﬁngerling
ﬁsh raised in the brew grew to four
pounds in weight. and that when

parties acceptable to the C.|.A. in
return for the agency’s promise not
to interfere in narcotics trafﬁcking.

Says Marchctti: “The Mafia.
thanks tothc C.|.A.. has a free hand
in the vast opium traffic from
Turkey through Italy to the United

States.
PLANT HELP

A University of Wisconsin hor-
ticulturist says that talking to or
playing music to your plants mayin-
deed help them along.

However. the plant expert Ted
Ttbbits reports that there‘s nothing
mystical about all this. Tibbits ex-
plains that such activitics simply in-
crease the amounts of carbon diox-
ide reaching leaves of the plant.
stimulating their growth and health.

Music. Tibbils says. probably
causes the leaves to vibrate faster. in-
creasing the carbon dioxide intake.
He adds that talking to them causes
you to breathe on them more often.
The human breath. he says. is highin
C02.

POPPER-FLOPPER

Medical World NCWS is reporting
that a West German man has been

 

 

J

 

Under the Sourth Dakota billthat
goes to the Governor this week. per-
sons caught possessing less than an
ounce of grass can be assessed a civil
fine of no more than $20. The six
other states that uscthc civil fine ap-
proach have set the fines at SIOO.

South Dakota‘s action camcjust a
day after Doctor Dupont stated that

 

 

 

 

.7 y g . , . ,. RefreShmcms Will be served“ compared in mm In supermarket . . . both tobacco and alcohol probably
 (mounted/min page om- Ilve mUSIC With $1 00 V I l uesday. February 24 at 8200PM fish. the fingerlings were “Good to 0" 1'10 Pl“ lof 59W" Years "La" un' pose a greater health threat than i
 that women wrth tenure arc closerto  ' 'guy5 I ’ $.25—glrls Sayles Lower Lounge, Alumni Quad excellent.“ SUCCCSSTUI Clio” ‘0 Prcvcm him and dues marijuana. 
i retlremcnt than men. She said as "3-" M” be Chef/(W1 Other states expected to vote 
 they leave. there Will be even fewer favorably on decriminalizntion bills t
{J worncnln each department.     in tile near future include
g, lresently thcrcis no way of dctcr- Minnesota Michigan and Penn-
fé mining whether female or male 5'5 WASHINGTON AVE. 5 lvania H 7
g“ professors will be ﬁred ﬁrst.    (“‘K'ﬂﬂguﬁﬂym 'y ‘ 
3 However. Schmidt states.“(ienerai- phone - dds-7:163! GAMMA LETTUCE ‘
g :y w1mc3'alshthell‘astuhlred and the Pacific News Service reports let-
;  2:";churczaldérewmcnnwhc: Only $2.25, I: noon - 6 PM tucc growers in California are
 vul 'hl~ " (s perfecting Gamma Ray machlnesto ;
 . 5m" “ - .. . . PLENTY or FREE PARKING replace about 3500 seasonal lettuce .
e 1» Norman said. I dont havelnfor- OPEN SEVEN DAYS ‘TILL MIDNITE pickcm i"
l matron on what effects the large culs The experimental machines would I

or m. 3va MW; 5 MN,“ m

will have tradition has taught me
not to speculate." President Fields“
office refused to comment on
whether female or male professors
will be fired first. Only time will
answer the queslton.

   
    
  
    
  
 

 

We think the ROT

C program can help you no

matter what your plans are after college.

French fries

2)“ Fish ‘ll Chips"

I) “Chicken in the Basket"
Luscious Southern Fried Chicken with crisp. golden

Golden crisp deep ocean fish and fries

 

 

HOT SANDWICHES

Pepper Steak
Sausage 3r Peppers
Hot Meatballs
Served on Italian Torpedo Roll

 

 

 

Roast Beef
Corned Beef
Turkey Breast

Baked Ham
Pastrami
Mixed Cold Cuts

reportedly roll through the field and
shoot a gamma ray beam through
each lettuce head to test it. Ripe let-
tuce would be picked automatically
by a two-ﬁngered rubber device. The
only way to tell. currently. if a head
of lettuce is ripe is by squeezing it
with the hand to check its ﬁrmness.

Plus:
' ' ' ' ' ' ' Pacific News says that clearance j
m” and bumircimdmiiliom 0! come. DELI SANDWICHES by the government on the new $50.- I.
h . 000 to $100,000 machines has been 5

slow because of the radio-active
source of the gamma rays.

 

 

 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

: .3,
t . We'relooklnglorwardtoanex -0rwecouldgotntoaclvilian 5- id ll a a ll. a .wnit. Italian Roll The US Department of ..
k the skms we gamed m couegeecultrl‘lgﬁt’sntgstgg {praeand exercise our commission strictly palt- Bonus: _- UVL czitcﬂh lctiucc. {Smaloetf gironiom Agriculture insists that there is no
leadershlp skills we learned in the ROTC ClVllIaasia resewe (micer (and supplement our l'l'dPPy Hui” i" cm“ danger to the lettuce or operators of
Pfogl'am- n "come abOUl $1.500 a year f0 start), Itcer $.25 “57‘” IN A HURRY? 465-7463 the machines. Says Paciﬁc News. “If
Tam abou. options. we can go directly'mo a The Slena ROTC program can help you get “Wm” 51-75 | CALI. AHEAD. AND WE'LL the lettuce in your salad bowl slows
executive job full time in our field starting a?  V°" Want to be. Call res-0501 or stop by Drinks “5‘ 3'- 31-25 or silo . n A v c v o u a o R D s R READY in the dark some day. there may be a
$9393? PiOduiiioggiim s1°'°°°""" °"‘“°’- W9 could so to graduate about'il' 01 °" "‘° 5"" Campus and Mill nu mean we. reason.“
. . it . sca away. . r
mun H . . .,  
"” MW- 976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
pass FOUR ALBANY STUDENT mass FEBRUARY 20' 1 .

FEBRURY 2, 1976

 

 

 

 

