 
 

Wham-As , .

of. .-_e,...A,.._..»~-~....._.—-..N__.. . ._

 

my. .u--¢MWMWHM‘M;M. c.

-. A‘ «My. ;s..._ an“

 

.i.
l}
7:3
i
‘l
ti
,u
ll
t.-

 

 
 
    
 

by Cory Sebtt GoldlIiIer. ; . g ' ..

' l'he vacation was over all too soon. and like eVery other student. my friend made her way
across the podium that coldéMonday for her lint class of the Spring semester. Spanish 102-8.
She, sat down to wait for the teacher, and ﬁnally. at 9:20. someone entered the room. Thinking it
was the teacher, everyone prepared totake notes, but they were instead informed by this member
of the Spanish department thattheir regularly assigned teacher was not available to teach the
course. They were told that..so far, a replacement had not been selected. but that someone would
deﬁnitely be appointed by the next class on Wednesday.

Wednesday morning. after, waitinga half-hour for a teacher to show up. the class sent someone
up to the department chairmen's ofﬁceto ﬁnd out what was going on. The student soon returned
and told the class that the chairman was aware of their current situation. and that the problem
was being taken care of. and there would definitely be a teacher assigned by Friday's session.

It's never easy to get up early on Friday mornings, but the entire class was there at 9 a.m..
anxiously awaiting the arrival of their promised teacher. Hopes were high. but by 9:30 even the
, most optimistic of the students agreed that once again. someone should head up to the
chairman's ofﬁce to ﬁnd out what was going on. Shortly thereafter. the student returned and told
the class that the chairman was away for the weekend. but the secretary said that he was aware of
Spanish l02~B's problem and that it would deﬁnitelvbestraightened out by Monday morning

Angry and annoyed at the way they were beingtreated. the students decided to go to a higher
authority, and marched across the podium to the Dean of Humanities and informed her of the
situation; the semester was a week old, and their Spanish class still had no teacher. She assured
them that she would look into it and. don't worry. everything would be cleared up by Monday
morning. Deﬁnitely.

Monday morning, the class arrived in good faith once again. but in the back of everyone‘s
mind there was this feeling that the teacher wasn‘t going to show up. After the customary 20-30
minute wait. they no longer had this feelingthat the teacher wasn‘t goingto show up. They knew
the teacher wasn't going to show up. Because another faculty member walked intothe room and
assured the class that although no one was going to show up today. someone had been appointed
and there would deﬁnitely be a teacher on Wednesday. The class was in complete agreement asto
what this person could do with her assurances.

Wednesday morning, more out of habit than anything else. my friend got out of bed and slid
across the ice to the Humanities building, whercthe class began in their traditional way; waiting.
After the usual 25 minutes, the door opened and in walked a faculty member. and everyone
started gathering their belonging. pcrparing to leaVc after the usual message. But waitjust a
second. This person announces. to the surprise of everyone. that she is theteacher. Well. not
really a teacher.

Actually she is a graduate student. but she's been assigned to teach this class. The graduate

student admitted that she’s had no college teaching experienco. as a matter of fact she's still

  
  

  
  

. an elf. And at. otthm t. on an A I _ am will no
I‘ die meet ‘ Friday‘s. butto make-up for lost out ‘ class’wi meet , Monday and
W i a at 0:45.1'hlsdo'esn‘t help the students with 8 o’elocltfclasses. who will have to teach

 

‘ themselves I]! of the course. To make matters worse, the teacher‘tells the students that she has
no office hours. In a warped way. this makes sense. became she also has no ofﬁce.

‘80 here we are. already t wo weeks intothe semester and this class has ﬁnally gotten af‘teacher"
who has no teaching experience. To inconvlence everyone even f urt her, the students Wlll have to
teach themselves'l/S of the course. and should they have any difﬁculty doing this, they have a
teacher with no office hours. ,

As the students begin to filexout the door muttering to themselves. the graduate student calls

out to remind them that Spanish l02-B will not be meeting on Friday.
Well. at least there‘s only three more .years to go.

GOSH! THE FlRST'
DAY or

      
     
 
   

 

 
 
 

I ASSURE YOU
IT “ALL (DEFINtTELY
ac LLEARED on...

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

fwd
/L" _L' 'r.
44- , . .7/.J

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Undergraduate School

permanent address.

 

A TTENTION

Decision letters for admission to the School of Business will be
available on Thursday, February 26, 1976. Letters may be picked up
in [BA-361 ONLY at the following times:

Thursday,February 26, 1976 12 noon to 4 pm.
Friday, February 27, 1976

A validated SUNYA l.D. must be personally presented by each
applicant. Decision letters which have not been picked up by 4 pm.
on Friday, February 27, will be mailed to the applicant’s

of Business Applicants

9am¢o4pm.

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

   

 

 

 

‘American Primitive’: PAC’s

Bicentennial Two Hours

by Kim Sutton

On Wednesday, February l8 William Gibson‘s
American Primitive opened in the Performing Arts
Center‘s Main Theater. Gibson'splayistakenfrom the
correspondence between John and Abigail Adams
during the time in which Adams served as a delegate to
the Continental Congress.

SUNYA‘s Theater Department gave us a bicentennial
two hours very much like those on television; too
reminiscent of grammar schooltextbooks.

The weaknesses of the script became apparent
through the staging. No one likes to watch a long
distance love affair and it is most annoying to watch
love letters being recited back and forth across the stage.
Tenderness can not be communicated verbally without
the physical actions which make love scenes so sublime
to View.

Director James Hanley handled the production well,
despite thc obstacles of an inferior script. The lighting
was excellent and the costumes were evocative. The set
was simple and had acharming rustic flavor. Stage right
was the Adams‘ abode. and stage left was set its the
meeting place of the Continental Congress.

The use of the Coionists in the manner ofthc Greek
Chorus was most effective. They served to comment on
and add to the excitement of the upcoming war. The
cast was superb in httndling the language of the
colonists.

Kevin Scott Fcrcntz and Hilario Delman, us John and

Abigail. gave good performances. But their acting did
not measure up to that seen in previous SUNYA
productions. such as Moonchilrlren or Waiting For
Godot.

Fcrcntz. in his excitement over the war and his
pressures from Abigail. became too loud and intense
too soon. He left hii'nsclf'no room to expand into the
climactic moments of his monologues.

Dclmun's level was frequently monotonous and her
tone nagging. This gave one the feeling that John‘s
prime objective was not to fight for liberty but to stay
away from Abigail. Dclman did prove she was capable
of brilliant acting. At one point in the play. Abigail
reads over the letters she had received from John during
their courtship; the poignancy of the moment was well
communicated to the audience.

.‘llllt‘l‘lt'tlll Primitive. if examined from a purely
historical perspective serves as an informational source
and a refresher course in ltislory. As a drama it tends to
full lint at times. Perhaps one would he better off
reading it.

.‘illlt‘l‘lt'tlll I’rimi/tvc was not originally scheduled for
production. It was found and cttst in a lturry as a
substitute 1 or 365 Days. Mr. lltmlcy made a poor choice
of ii script, when most audiences feel they have had
enough ol the bicentennial lhcmc rammed down their
throats to last Lilllll 207b, lhcrcl'orc, dcspilc many ﬁne
efforts, the play did not work. I

 

 

Master Moves

 

by Thomas N. Garvey

” The blunders are all there on the
board. waiting to be made".

 

 

 

 

 

p

 

PAGE TWELVE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

 

  

 

 

FEBRUARY 24. 1976 FEBRUARY 24 1976

Chess in Miniature

arm.   "" "

The Fool‘s Mutclll’—Kl33. P~K4;
l P—KN4. Q—RS mate) isthcorcticnl-
ly the shortest possible game.

Paul Morphy, the New Orleans
genius and greatest player of his era.
once lost a game in 12 moves.

J.H. Blackhurnc. the English
master. however. allegedly lost a
game in hulfa move. He was playing

—S. Tana/rower

' Achess game of 20 orfewer moves a strong club player in an off-hand
ts calledamlniamre. there are scores game; he opened l P-K4 and then
ofsuch sparkling short gamesinthe said jokingly. “And now. of course.
ligature. Just how short can a game White resigns." His opponentthank-

ed him for an interesting game and

Problem A

ﬁpgpo

, ayoy

,p%p%
/!%l
%

    

         

\E

 
  

I
t\\
I

m
E.
M®
@

       

     

    

/

go
I
\\

   

   



V§
\‘l,
&

 



     

l///.I

     

  

.:o .5
insisted the resignation should
stand.

The following is reputed to be the
shortest'gamc between players of
master strength. It was played in a
Paris chess cafe in 1924.

Gilmtul Lizard
I I’-Q4 N-KB3
I N-QZ P-K4
.l I’xl’ N-NS
4 P-KRJ N-K6
5 Resigns"

 

White must lose his Queen or be
mated in two moves.

Here is a bona ﬁde miniature with
a rather bizarre ﬁnale that was
played in Melbourne in 1928.

French Defense

Gauderson Paul

I P- K4 p_ K3
2 P-Q4 p.

3 P-KS 93434
4 P-QB3 px p

Problem B

 
 
   

I
\

\\

%

     

gopopogo
buoyancy
nonopope
opopogoy
papaya-o
opopopzy
niopnpo
I%I%

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
   

\-

///,

 
 

 
   
 

I\

    
 

\
I

 

5 PxP B-NS ch
6 N-BJ n.Q33
7 N-BJ KN-Kz
8 B~QJ oo

9 EXP ch KxB.
lo N-N5 ch K-NJ
ll P-KR4 Npr
l2 Q—N4 9.34

13 P-R5 ch K-R3

l4 NxKP dis ch P-N4
l5 PxP e.p. mate

in the realm of problems, a
miniature is a construction with
seven or fewer men. including the
kings. Here are two miniatures by
the inimitable Sam Loyd. Problem
A. ﬁrst published in Chess Monthly
(April. l859). is White to play and
mate in three. Problem B. also a
three-mover, was printed in La
Strategic (June. l867). Both have
somewhat startling Key Moves.

Solutions:

A
l R-QRB, Km; 2 K-B7 or 88. P-
R3; 3 RxP mate

I. . . . .P-R3;2R/8xP.K-Nl;3
R/B-QNo mate. with l . . . . . P-
R4 or

2. . . . .P-R4handledsimilarly.

B

l P-R8(B). K~Bl; 2 P-N8 (Q) ch.
K-BZ; 3 3-05 mate

I. . . . . K-Kl;2K-K6.Kany;3
P-NS (Q) mate

l-. . . . ,K-Nl;3K-N6.Kany;3
P-NS (0) mar:

PAGE THIRTEEN-

I
“American Primitive"; ntost audlenees have had enough crib: '
bicentennial theme.

 

J

  
  

‘1

ﬁlls—1.!

in
SC

lls
nt
ht:
on

per
the

cgc
:nd
.her
cial
cttsl
wen
'nts.

ls ol'
tthc

ilhcr
t'r us
went

 

