   
 
   
       

   

  
   
 
   

   
   
  
  
 
    
 
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

..Wry—«mw' W.»

 

\
a

...amsn ,-. as»...

 

__,.4,..v...:e.«« ..I . “\A .4 ﬂ

 

 

 



To the Elton V

The bus situation here is appalling. lliveoif
campII. and like many colleagues. I have to
catch a bus in the mornings andat night. Bil
yesterday. five buses went by, jumped to the
rafters (Allen and Western). It happens every
day. Up. on campus. people have taken to

sneaking on at the Gym or at security. to avoid

, the zoo at the circle.

Now. we all know about the‘Hiring Freeze‘.
and how it is supposed to save us money. But
how much does it save when you are forced to
buy a car, or take a city bus. or stand and
freeze your cubes for an hour? This policy.
designed to alleviate the budget crunch does
not serve its viainis.

This is ridiculous, and everybody i know is
really pissed.

if the University cannot. or will not furnish

ample housing on campis. then surely it is
obligated to get us to school. Mass Transit of
some sort is the only economical
conservation-wise measure.
' But this is only part of a broader malaise.
When everyone gets their budget hacked to
bits. what happens to Administration? How
come something like 20 percent of the
SUNYA budget goes to Administration?
What are they doing for us? Chop the
bureaucracy. not the peonsl

Of course, l‘m not naive enough to expect
them to do it for us alone. We might have to
take this on ourselves, and i hope student
solidarity gets focused this year.

Tom lntractor

carpet
case

To the Editor:

Throughout our little “carpet case,” i have
had one question. Where the hell does Fred
Stokclin. EOPSA. SA or anyone else get off
spending $640 of our tax money on a rug?

Al Cavalari

assault on rape

To the Editor:

1 found the essay, “The Crime is Rape"
(Feb. 3), by Gndy Klineto be extremely sexist
in nature; of the sort generally attributed to
male-oriented literature. The essay was more
of anindiament against malestbanacarefully
worded essay designed to showthe audacity of
rape. Men. in her point of View, are no longer
people, but ’paential rapists.” in my mind
each man must be viewed as an individual.
Such sociological generalizations. as
presented by Ms. Kline. are by their nature in-
accurate, and by their presence unfair.

Ms. Kline writes that the rapist (also the or-
dinary man!) is expressing“allthe hatred. con-
tempt. and oppression of womenin this socie-
ty in one act." This conclusion must be con-
sidered incomplae because one person's ac-
tions in society are different from the actions
of other people. To say that all male existence
is based on the fundamental “contempt” of
women is to deny the individuality of each
man's view offemale companionship. Men. by
their basic biological make-up have a sexual
desire for women. but this desire in and of
itself cannot and should not be considered
“hatred. contempt and oppression of women
in this society.” The rapist, i feel, must becon-
sidered a deviant for he has clearly utilized his
enerm‘es to secure. what I feel to be, his crude
and selfish desires, but to blame male society
as a whole is a form of anachronistic thinking.
I feel that all men have been dealt a grave in-
justice by this sort of chauvanistic writingthat
puts all men into a single category.

I disagree strongly with the statement that
“rape is not a sickness. a deviation from the
norms of social behavior.” Since I am not a

PAGE EIGHT

 

3 Quaint I ‘ 

force II to cation just how'advaneed-otr
dviilzationfr'eaily is. 'l a'ee with amber
that in order to fight rape it mIIu‘be un-
derstood. but [feel that it mint beundetst'dod
as something more action than an ordinary
crime committed by an ordinary person. (1'
course rape is utlocinble, btit so is spitting on
the sidewalk; surely the two cannot be
equated. l feel most stronﬂy that. almost by
deﬁnition. there is , "something p‘ay-
cholop‘eally aberrant in a rapist. ill! I do not
agreethatalimeningeneralshotidbe
categorized in that manner. Certainly. all per-
sons are not'crintinals. For rape to be un-
derstood we must come to grips with what it
really is—a crime against all humanity.
Jeffrey Dehar

  

tenure: faculty...

To the Briton

We deplore thatthe highly favorable vote of
the English Department on the case of Dr.
Michael Kaufman was reversed by both the
Arts and Sciences Personnel Committee and
Dean Schmidt.

Judging from Mr. Santino's report in ASP
of February 3rd, 1976, the negative votes were
apparently based on his allegedly “ill~
regarded" and “insigniﬁcant” scholarship.
While we are not in a position tojudge Dr.
Kaufman‘s scholarship. since we are not
specialists in his field. we believe, however,
that Dean Ruth Schmidt does certainly not
possess the qualiﬁcations required for assess-
ing Dr. Kaufman‘s competence.

Dean Schmidt was quoted as saying, “The
English Department has lower standardsthan
other departments. That's why his depanmen-
tal review was so favorable. Kaufman doesn‘t
match up to other candidates in other
departments.“

We the undersigned. members of the
Department of Hispanic Studies, wonder how
Dean Schmidt, who is a member of our
Department, too, can hold herself up as a
judge of scholarship when, in our view. her
publications are of an inferior scholarly nature
and fall far short of academic standards.

Presumably it is on account of the mediocri-
ty of her work that Dean Schmidt has daredto
make the following nonsensical pronounce-
ment: "The chairman‘s statement that Kauf-
man is the one actively publishing scholar in
the field of drama is a reason for denying
tenure. not granting it."

“Qua toque lander» obutere, Caiili'na,
puilemi’a nosird?’

Rafael Bosch, Doctor en Filosofia.
Universidad de Madrid

A. Berenguer. Docteur en Sorbonne

L. Jenaro—MacLennan. Dr. Phil. (Oxon.)

Rafael Osuna. Ph. D.. Brown University

...students...

To the Editor:

Professor Michael Kaufman will soon
receive President Field's decision regarding
his tenure. lf Professor Kaufman does not
receive tenure it will not be because of his
scholarship or teaching He has already
published eight articles and has another four
awaiting decision.

Michael Kaufman is one of the finest
teachers in the English Depanment. His com-
mand of the material that heteaches isexcep—
tional. But what sets Professor Kaufman apart
from many other professors is that he truly
cares about the students at this University.

He is responsible for setting up the
Humanities lounge. ’lhit lounge provides an
informal atmosphere where students and
teachers can relax and relateto each other out-
side of the classroom. He has also been in-
volved with many of the facultyvstudent com-
mittees at SUNYA.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘_‘loattottehwitbthe“lfiurtt_ah”

 tint and we  allow his digtltyto

  
 

in“Hums

. Marla Deerdoek
Chairperson of the

Students' Committee

be banirchediby th who have apparently
' H.

for Tenure for .

Michael Kaufman

...the press...

To the “or:

Surely needed in these times of proverbial
woe. is one voice clear and rational. Fiery
rhetoric and enthusiasm. while probably
sincere in its aim. and true to its cause. can
worsen matters when not used with delicacy.
While it is safe to say the majority of us
deplore the dismissal ‘of teachers we find
stimulating and productive; it is not safe to
raise the emotional temperature without a
clear distance from its source.

The responsibility of the press. any press. it
seems to me, is to present newsworthy items
with rationality and lack of bias. Can you
claim that this was done in your review of the
tenure decision concerning Professor Kauf-

 

the‘litt‘e d,\bl_i'thering fire. .

’ 'Your editorial and cartoon were reprehensi-
ble, ehillinﬂy childish. in the light of the ini-
portance of the decision concerning Professor
Kaufman. If there is a possibility of changing
the minds of those who pull the strings. then it
is our duty to defeat injustice (if we see it as
such) with complete rationality: with persua-
sion not fury. i call on the paper to think its
responsibilities carefully, and to use its power
with a steady, unemotional hand. i commend
your efforts on behalf of Professor Kaufman.
but i deplore your tactics. Before you set up
the barbed wire. before you dig the trenches.
before you bellow the fire. try stopping the

conflagration.
Neil Sherman

...and the
administration

To the Editor:

The new of the latest tenure controversy in
the English department has convinced me that
the attitude of the present school administra-
tion is, even more than that of its predecessor.

L ‘ "solarium; atAlba

man? And to add insult to injury (perhaps
more grievous than you realize), your editorial
entitled “Effects of the Phantom Ph.D.” was
flagrantly inﬂammatory: a terrible case of the
disease of yellow journalism. Your editorial
cartoon. on top of this, only adds more fuelto
an already disreputable fire.

This, obviously, was your purpose. Yet in
your sophomoric (if admirable) attempt to br-
ing to the attention of the student body
Professor Kaufman's situation, you have dis-
regarded basic human psychology. Attacks on
the admistration and their actions, will not
serve to change their decision; it will only
stiffen their resistance. Editorials, burning
with the indignation of ill-considered adjec-

casties burning

" ' Death

b Ken Wax

its been brought to my attention that a lot of people out there are worried about dying. My
advice to these people is not to worry, that it will happen is guaranteed. And you shouldn‘t ﬁnd
this discomforting. To the contrary, your death is the most important aspect of your life. For it is
life's ﬁniteness which gives life its meaning

it would be very confusing if it were worked any other way. SuppOse. as I've heard some
people wish. you could stay acertain age indefinitely. What age would it be? Twenty-three? Fine.
Now what would you do as your friends all grow older? Do you change peer groups every few
years as each group ages. or do you try to stay with your current friends as their bodies turn old
and grey? its clear neither would work, youth is precious only when you know it won‘t be yours
for very long.

So. we age. Our agility decreases, our strength grows less and less, we turn fatter. and our
bodies start failing us. We sit more and more. and do less and less. And it‘s beautiful.

We all live off our posts. There are countless lessons oflife, lessons our experiences combine to
teach us. As we grow older we learn more and more, and our minds surpass our bodies as our
chief asset. So our bodies wisely force us to uscthem less and our minds more.

Which is good, otherwise we'd have no excuse not to have to compete with youth. wastingour
time on physical tasks. Thankfully. aging providesthe perfect excuse. This is whythere are no 86
year old linebackers.

But what about senility‘? My God. what a humiliation it must be to haveto re—nsk questions
which were unswereda few minutes ago. toforgct things leftand right. But wait, the senile person
isn't bothered by his seniiity. hell. he'sjust doing what comes naturally. And who the hell are we
to assume, just because someone no longer agrees with us its to what is important, that they are
mentally inferior? When you‘re not thinking about one thing you're thinking about something
else. Perhaps scnility is just the state where elderly minds have more important topics to
contemplate than remembering what movie little J onny went to last night. They could be mind
tripping through the vast intelligence ofthe universe. no wonder they forgot to turnthe oven off.

And then comes death. Without it. time is unimportant; our days have no meaningifthere will
be an unlimited number of them. And as for not knowing exactly when you‘ll be passing along.
well. that‘sjust an incentiveto live today to itsfullest. Who knows what tomorrow has in store?
You sure don't.

Me. I‘m not too worried about dying. its not like i have any control over it. and besides. look
at all the people before me who have worked out the bugs. All the greats of our civilization; the

Platos, the Lincolns. the Newtons. the DaVincis. the Einsteins. have died. Who am I tothink that
l'm too good for it?

And none of those who‘ve died havechosen to come back to this life, none have even taken the
time to drop a postcard about it. Dead people must be plenty busy.

So where will you go upon death? Dnmned ifl know. But i know I'm not all that hung up
about being heaven-bound.

First of till, helljust isn't as bad as people make it out to be. if you gain thetrouble to look
around, you can find a nice apartment for $125 a month, 5140 tops. And don't forget that the
landlord takes care of heat. '

As for heaven. feh. Even if it clerical error did have me up there, l'd try to get out. White’s not
my color. and so few of my friends would be there. Withthe entrance requirements sotough. the
only patrons In the heaven hotel would be priests. rabbis. ministers, nuns. and the like.

i would feel very uncomfortable telling dirty jokes.

one of complete disregard of the needs of the

undergraduate students, who are by far the

largest unit of the university community.
William Kreuter

The Albany Student Press reserves Iht"
sale right to print or all! letters lo the
erlllor. Submil letters TYPEWRI'IT EN
to Albany Student Press. C6329. 1400

Washington Avenue. The ASP will no]
publish unsigned letters. Names will he
iI'iIlIlielrl on request. Keep those cards
and letters coming in, hill I‘l'lllt‘lnlif'l‘.‘
'llreivily is" Ilw soul of wil.’

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 6, 1976

 

 

  

ny." 7

     
      
    
  

 
 
 
 

 
   
  

 
 
  

  

  

  
 

  
  

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 

    

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

M II continent rim to time. and maybe it hit lielp btiid a sense or V  ‘

_ ', ' SUN l’A Food Co-Op Coordinator 'Joe Dicker.
commentingon theyprajecred opening of the Co-Op in the Campus Center

     
 
 

 
  
 
 
   
  

 

   
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

The End of the Draft Era

, ' ' #:5552ka

Fifteen years ago, President Kennedy
proclaimed: “Ask not what your country can
do for you. ask what you can dofor your coun-
try". The new president was calling upon all
his countrymen to give of themselves; to make
It little self-sacrifice forthe purpose ofcreating
a better and healthier society.

The last vestigc ofthat commitment came to
an end on January 23. 1976 when the draft
lottery want out of business. Eighteen year old
mules no longer even haveto register with the
Selective Service System.

If ours is a government ofthe people. by the
people, and forthe people,thenthis implies an
integration betWecnthe government and those
who are governed. It implies a continual unity
between the two. Doing away with the draft
lottery represents an estrangemcnt of the peo-
ple from responsibility to their government.

Are we no longer willing to make a sacrifice
of time and toil for our government‘!(lt should
be noted that we are not limited to military ser-
Vice.) Havewe forgotten that agencies such as
VISTA and the Peace Corps constitute service
to our government? For a generation that is
ever in pursuit of finding itself. a year off
between high school graduation and college
entry might be of great worth. It would
perhaps sensitize us to the problems of those
less fortunate than ourselves. And, indeed,the
fronts for constructive action in this country
are unlimited: service in a Veteran‘s Ad-
ministration hospital. helping children with
learning problems. cleaning our rivers.
streams, and landscape, and so forth.

By creating a continual pool of manpower
in this manner we might be able to wage it real
war on poverty. The idea of one year govern-
ment service for all American youth comes as
a moderate alternative to the drqu lottery and
its polar opposite. the till-volunteer army.

The greatest hope when you have a burden
upon your back is that you‘ll throw it off. Thai
it what has occurred in the case of the draft.
The pendulum has swungfrom one extreme to
the other.

In a lecture here two years ago. former Lt.
C01. Anthony Herbert, a soldier whose Army
experiences began immediately after World

 

by David Troegerpﬁ: .mp5, 
War ii and ended during the Vietnam War,
conjectured on Richard Nixon‘s political
rationale behind phasing out the draft and
phasinginthe ull-volunteernrmy: Ever fearful
of young protesters. Nixon ingenuously saw a
course of action which would cause the
students to finally put down their signs and
return to the classrooms. He construed the
protesters its being driven by selﬁsh motives,
and saw its the catalyst for demonstration the
fuel that middle class college students did not
want to go |0.00l) miles away to light a foreign
war of little meaning or consequence to
American society. By ending the draft he
removed the knife that dangled over the
students' heads, while simultaneously dif-
fusing a touchy political situation which wasa
thorn in his administration‘s side.

Herbert‘s analysis of Nixon's own motives
seem to hold water when it is witnessed that
meaningful protest ceased after actual induc-
tions into the Army were discontinued.

 

0

Perhaps. this whole idea of a year‘s service
in the government seems anathema to a
generation which appears to have given up
group commitment in place of outspoken in-
dividuniism. We all want to stand and be
counted as being unique. not to be lost Iisn lur
with some group. Also, purl oflhis dimunition
of group commitment on It national level
stems from our sense of national security. At
best. we face an ambiguous threat today from
one country the Soviet Union.

Over thirty years ago the evil that infested
the world was cleIIrcIIt: it was Nazism which
had to be crushed without any compromise. in
our bicentennial yeiirthe quoteto guide us and
rouse our ire towards achievement and fulfill-
ment of one common goal should be: “we
have found the enemy and he is us." Closing
the gaps between our country‘s more prized
aspects and those aspects which are a disap-
pointment to us sould be our highest aspira-
tion in 1976. The replacement of the draft
lottery system with one year's mandatory
government service (which is not exclusively
military in nature) for till American youth
would be u constructive stepinthis direction.

 

  
  
 

 

 

arterial/st:ommen

 

 Make Wellington Well

Many SUNYA students were victims of thefts which took place at the Welliitgton . ' >
Student Annex. To them. the incident isfar from trivial. Someone else’s negligence is
responsible for their loss of personal property. . ‘

Acting on the advice of lawyers. concerned Wellington students sought aid from
SUNYA President Emmett B. Fields in he form of a letter. We can only commend
them for following a course of action that they felt would lead to a legal. equitable
settlement of their loss. '

Director of Off-Campus Housing Joe Scaring was upset that the students went over
people's heads in writing the letter to Fields. But nobody stole Scaring‘s television set.
Hotel Wellington General Manager Reuben Gersowitz dismissed the incident as
trivial and deemed the letter to Fields unnecessary. But nobody left his door open so
that his home might be ransacked. I

Scaring said that SUNYA is not responsible for the Wellington Student Annex and
will take no part in the proceedings. Scaring ignores the fact that these people are
SUNYA students by choice, and Wellington students only as a result of unfortunate
circumstance. The university put them there. Certainly the university can muster
support for them now. _

Gersowitz claims that the Wellington is not responsible to SUN YA. Nevertheless.
we hope SUNYA will be responsible to its students. Gersowitz doesn‘t think Fields‘
involvement is necessary. We urge Fields to do everything in his power to ensure that
the Wellington-SUN YA students reach a reasonable settlement—one that satisfies
them, and at the same time is fair to the Wellington management.

An A-salting Controversy

They call it suit.

NaCl.

Probably the cheapest pure chemical substance found onthisearth. Yet we've seen
more of it in the Quad cafeteria salt shakers than on SUNYA's roadsand walkways.

Granted, SUNYA‘s ice-covered roads provide an exciting arena for those campus
daredevils inclined to test their stunt drivingskills. What is more breathtakingthanthe
sight of a little orange BMW sliding past your dorm window—backwards?

The style of the Keystone Cops could not hope to capture the grace and form of a
spill-bouIIdSUNYA student descending the pristine, snow—clad stairs outside the
Rathskellar in record time. Why show movies?

Envision the work-laden student, hateful of the professor who ruined his weekend
with a 200 page reading assignment. The gleam in his eye tells all, as he watches the
good doctor slide off the edge of the Podium. The internal gratiﬁcation is most
therapeutic.

We acknowledge the seriousness of SUNYA's present fiscal crisis. Certainly theloss
of key personnel is a grave matter. Hopefully those responsible for the maintenance of
the campus can limit this to loss of position—rather than loss of life.

The complexities of salt distribution have long been simplified. Methods range from
the most sophisticated salt-spreading trucks to a janitor with a shovel. Heave-hoe
men!

Salt is a simple ionic molecule. Salt is water soluble. Salt is completely bio-
degradeable. . . hypo-allergenic. So let's get salt out of the shakers and ontothe roads
and walkways.

 

; v

MASTHEAD STAFF
DANIEL GAINES

 

EDITOI IN rm"
MANAGING culm- SmPnEN DzINANKA

News rnIm- Barry STEIN
Assocurr NEWS EDITOIS  DAVID WINzt-stEaa, ANDREA HEIZBERG. CYNTHIA HAcINLI
PIODUC‘I’ION uwu'r- PArIich McGLvNN
Assocurt nonuctIoN MANAoras  LOUISE MARKS. CAitoi. McPIrexSON. ELLEN FINE
EnIronIAL moss rmm- KENNertI WAX
Ants It rrAruars canons ......................................... .. SPENCER RAaoIo. NAOMI FaIEoLANnex
Srortrs rnIroa NArIIAN SALANr
Assocurr sronrs rmm- MIciiAEL PIEKAItsKI
A. "WW-"vs lrnnv ALIiItECIIr. Les ZuchuMAN
ASSOCIATE ADVERTISING MANAGE! ............................................................... ..LISA BIuNoo
CLASSIFIED-GRAFFITI MANAorII KENNErII Conn
BtistNrss MANAI‘I’II DANIEL O'CONNOR

 

 

 

 

 

 

AJ’. and lot/far Nt‘ll'.l' managers: Matthew Kaufman, Kim Sutton

Preview: Joyce I‘eigenbuum

[Ii/ling Ammumu: Susun Domres

Cnmposili'un manager: Ellen Boiscn

Assislunl lo the t'tlflflr.‘ Ellen Weiss

[lead Iy/rirl: leslie Eisenstein

Purdue/ion: Jiinct Adler. l’nlty Ahern. Sarah Blumenstock. Carol Burger, Joun Ellsworth. Judi
Heitncr. Marjorie Hogarth, Vicki Kurtzman. Kathy Lam. Marc Leve. Tunic Levy. Michele
Lipton, Rich Mcrmelstein, Janet Meunicr. Debbie Rieger, Joan Silverblatt. Ellen Weiss
Adminis/rarlve aisli'lanl: Jerelyn Kaye

Advern’rlng ["tltlllt'llflll.‘ Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kita. Brian Cahill. Ann Wren

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press I: published every Tuesday and hlday during (he school year except
holidays. Editorial policy Is the mporulhlllty ofthe Editor in Chlefondruhjecr to review by Ihe
Masthead "Staff. Main ofﬁce: CC 329; telephone: 457-8692. Handed by Student Association.
Addrerr mall to: Albany Student Press. C0329, “00 WarhlngtonAvenue. Albany, New York.

 

 

 

 

 

