    
      

 

 

tho ‘ ‘ I
be concerted. into'virtual fortresses.

Ofﬁcials hope much of the cost
will be‘borne by inetnber'netiorts of
NATO  many of the sites are

,sloeaterl in Enrolment“
".i’ruel’eer det'ense‘oftbataree, 

I ;Tb’e&magon'seoneernabotn'tiie
1' security of .its nuclear weapons

storage sites was triggered by in-

creasing terrorism in recent years.
This led to spot impectlons. which

one defense ofﬁcial said indicate “an

    
    
     

 
 

rucnro Rico St. MAART
at the sensational

KR sfeid has  the Pentagon“
- ’ thehighest priority‘poenble ‘
on protecting nuclear weapons.”

The Pentagon then ordered a
r - - . g V series of “quick ﬁx" measures until
_ zeite's.‘ containing
of- nudﬁryiirheads. will ;.

permanent improvements could be
unde-  p 4
Congress was asked to vote $57.3
million for strengthening actions this
year and President Ford's budgetfor
nerd yeartcontains another $110.4
million to play the work fowerd.

, “ Ofﬁcials say a firm coat figurefor _

the entire program is impossible at
this time because results of the
worldwide . study still are' being
analyzed.  they say‘8250 million
is a reasonable estimate.
Defense Secretary Donald

ElliT

at the tabuloue

 

8465-111

 

 

PAGE TWO

Snl‘E X(.‘Illll(] Theatres Under One Roof
A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY

twee swept away by
. the volcanic. elem-
hang performances."

,,‘ltespiedeelnteat|ereebattteoltheaeaee
‘ thatleaewlttyaeitiewlae.andaeteroeloue
‘, ltlelunny

In'mmsaesldmt‘an'inthcblticseudmsst”

“NMWUMWUR inth
THEY WERE PROFESSIONALS
WHO KILLED

TE‘LLY SAVALAS ‘ PETER FONOA

Ingmar Bergman s

s oust-2312;?

 

 

    
    
  
 

Bermudiana Hotel. Racquet Club Gr. Summit Hotel
Tennis & Beach Clu Cecelia’s Place {mm 5259
from $319 from $199
3. d l 7 n ht available from meet me or cities March tItru Octtr
ber. NISIAS- am purchase required. ll rates double occupancy
from New York via Eastern Airlines. Plus 829 tax & sentices.
III-I-n-C-l-Il.

mm mm susnu ..... "mm.

146 State Street a tagger"...

Albany, N.Y. 12224

 

  

9' III-I-Il-II;
Abe ovalile ee-plete Europe-I Sum-er m.

      
    
   
   

—Gana Sharii. NBC-TV

5—21.90 cw Saturny tum.

FOR HIRE.

Ennisromea L'eel

7:00, 9:30

‘ are parallel

v State‘s cost

 

,... ..,..

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

cantinuedﬂam page one
corruption had taken‘plece within
the SASU/Student Assembly
organization but termed the corrup-
tion investigating committee “a big
power play.” He said, “Therehas
never been an instance where] have
gained personally in any way in my
relationship with the organisation."

Some Council members. concern-
ed with the internal ﬁghts and SASU
mismanagement charges. are sup-
porting a move to drop out of the
organintion. Nine schools have left
SASU since September.

Bauman refused to talk- to the
Albany Student Press on whether
SUNYA should remain in SASU.
and said, “You can read about it in
the Student Association

newspaperfSAndbox]."

The Student Assembly and SASU
groups. Student
Assembly is state-funded while
SASU is a private corporation con-
sisting of several SUNY schools.
SUNYA‘s SA pays approximately
510.000 in SASU dues each year.

Nursing

continued from page one
compared to SUNYA's ap-
proximately $650.

The association has proposed
state legislation this month to re-
quirc a bachelor‘s degree f orliccnscd
professional nurses by I985. “Nur-
sing is a profession." O'Neill said.“it
is the only area now in the health
care ﬁeld that does not require a bac-
caiureate." She continued, “A four—
year program is the only wayto give
course work and time to the rapid
advance of technology in this ﬁeld.
Two or three year programs can‘t
handle it."

Thompson and Meslcr also add
that the demand for nurses with a
bachelor's degree is very high. They
point to Nursing School ﬁgures
which show that |00 percent of last
year‘s graduates are currently
employed in that ﬁeld. Sirotkin
agrees that the Nursing School had
had "excellent results with
placements." “We‘ll be employed
when we‘re out and not addingtothe
of unemployment."
Mcsler said. She added, “It makes no
sense to cut nursing"

If their program were to be cut.
SUNYA nursing students would
have difﬁcultyin transfcringto other
nursing programs. Course and credit
differences between nursing
programs is a major problem. Com-
petition is also intcnsc for what few
transfer spots are open. Out of |.200
applicants for SUNYA this year. 99
freshmen and 30 transfers were
accepted. Other SUNY schools are
reportedly restricting admission to
their nursing programs for the next
few years.

Nursing school ofﬁcials expressed
their belief that since the State
Education Department regulates
their program with the power of
license upon graduation, tt contract
of sorts with students currently
enrolled offering some protection
may exist. “Wcjust don't knowthcir
legal rcsponsibilitics," Mesier said.

Sirotkin has said that there is no
question but that the SUNYA nur.
sing program is of top quality. " But
we're not budgeted for Health-
Scicnce. And We're over extended
right now."

  

south Africa Prepares For Possible War '
JOHANNESIURG, South Africa (AP) South Africa In openly seeking an
accommodation with vidorious Commurust-becked forces in Angola bu. is
also preparing for the possibility of a major war. Ofﬁctals have repeatedly
declared in Parliament and privately that South Afncs is willing to seek a
peaceful compromise with the Soviet-backed Popular Movement—
MPLA—in Angola. But the nation is also girding itself for war with troop

can up, increased military training schedqu and a major buildup of forces

along Angola’s southern border.

China Reports Clash With Soviet Intruders ‘

TOKYO (AP) China on Thursday reported “face-to-face struggles agamgj
Soviet armed intruders” in China's rugged northwest frontIer, but gavc no
details on these developments in thelongand sometimes bloody dispute over
the 5,000-milc Chinese-Soviet border. There was no Immediate Comment
from the Kremlin. which last week called reports of clashes in northwest

Sinkiang province—home of important Chinese nuclear testing facilities I.
lie fr‘om beynning to end."

Swiss Guards Add Tear Gas to Arsenal

VATICAN CITY(AP) The Vatican has added tear gas bombs to the arsenal
of the Swiss Guards. the colorful 90-man force that is the last of the papal
armies. Col. Pfyfcr Daltishofcn, corps commander. said Thursday each man
has been equipped with a small tear gas container about the size of a Cltll of
spray deodorant to be used for purpose of self-defense. Their arsenal already
includes submachine guns, riﬁes with bayonets andthalberds. a combination
spear and battle-ax with which they stand guard at the Bronte Door. lllc
Vatican‘s main gate.

Ford Family Disclose Their Worth

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford said Thursday he and his wife Illuc u
not worth of $323,489, pay out 42 per cent of their gross income in taxes and
aren‘t saving any money. A statement of the Fords‘ net worth and their tux
status over a nine-year period was distributed to rcponcrs by White Houst-
Press Secretary Ron Nessen. Nesscnsaid Ford believcsthat all candidates hit
the presidency should make similar disclosures.

Bomb Explodes at Hearst Castle

SAN SIMEON (AP) A bomb exploded Thursday in a guest house ill the
famed Hearst Castle built by the grandfather of Patricia IIczIrsl. lllt'
newspaper heiress now on trial in San Francisco, authorities said, Visitors to
the state monument were reported evacuated from the main building. San
Luis Obispo County sheriff‘s deputies said they detained a busload of \‘l.\ll tits
for questioning. The castle, located on a hill overlooking the Pacific Ocean
about 45 miles north of San Luis Obispo. was built by newspaper publisher
William Randolf Hearst. It was later donated to the state and is open to lhc
public.

Hearst Trial Judge Rejects Document

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) The judge in the Patricia Hearst trial refused to
accept ascvidence today a document with her fingerprintsonit dcscrihctl h)
the government as "a laundry list of things to do if one were going to who
bank." With thcjury in her bank robbery trial outside the courtroom. l .5
Any James L. Browning Jr. sought approval to introduce the two-page "ho"
and n drawino of her inside of a bank in Sacramento that he said contmncd
Miss Hear... Ivriting at the bottom. U.S. District Court Judgc Diner .1
Carter sustained without comment the objection of defense counsel I- luv
Bailey. who told thcjudgc the documents “dealt with crimcs with \\'IliL’ll the
defendant is not charged.”

Wasser Named Commissioner of Corrections
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carcy has picked the Sullivan ('otml)
sheriff to ﬁll it suddenly vacant seat on the state‘s prison and Counh lull
watchdog agency, the Commission of Corrections. The vacancy occuu‘d
when Carey named Eugene LcFr' ;. whose nomination as a C(lnlllllsslttllt'f
had not yet been conﬁrmed, to .akc over as superintendent at t'llnlu”
Correction Facility. The current superintendent. Edwin LuVallcc, is retiring
in April. Sullivan County Sheriff Joseph Wasser, a Democrat and ii mcuthct
of the New York State Sheriff‘s Association executive board. was llllillt'tl to
the watchdog agency Wednesday. '

Buckley to introduce Anti-quota Bill

NEW YORK (AP) Sen. James L. Buckley. C~R-N.Y.. said 'l‘hursdu) "C
would soon introduce legislation to bar the federal government trout usmt’
hiring quotas in enforcing affirmative-action programs on hllslllcsscm
untvcrsitics and unions. “The use of quotasinafﬁrmative-action prub'rﬂll“ "
not ‘rcvcrsc' discrimination; it is discrimination. period." Buckley 5”“ ”' "
,"cws conference at the Women's National Republican Club. The “NEW”
Intent of afﬁrmative action was to make sure than an employer would ruukv
the availability ofjobs widely known so anyone with the qualifications mulll
come forward and acceptance would be on merit. he said.

Judges Rule Aliens Can Get Financial Aid

BUFFALO (AP) The state cannot deny ﬁnancial aid to students hccztuu‘
1th are aliens. a panel of three federal judges has ruled. Their ruling
Wednesday negated a section of the state education law that rcllmm‘l “mm
scckmg moncyto apply. or pledgcthcy would ttpply for U.S. citizcrislIiP- H'”
state had argued that it was not denying aid to aliens, but only '0 “IIU'” Who

refused to apply for U.S. citizenship.
‘1

' FEBRUARY 13, 1976

 

by Anne Bloom

Presidential hopeful Senator
Birch Bayh was heckled by 40
demonstrators outside the Albany
Hyatt House where he appeared for
a fund raising wine and cheese recep-
tion last Sunday. '

Holding signs that read: “Birch
Bayh supports. legalized baby kill-
ing." members of the local Right to
Life Committee were protesting
Bayh's support of the US Supreme
Court ruling allowing therapeutic
abortion.

“Abortion is too critical an issue
for name calling." responded Bayh.
“It‘s wrong to determine what
anothcr‘s moral standards should
be.“ Bnyh said that he's not prepared
to take away the option of abortion,

   

by Mark I’. Grcenstein
Approximately half ofthc univer-

sii)"s English majors have signed a

petition to voice their disapproval

over what they feel are ad-
ministrative attempts to rc—estnblish
SUNYA's Ph.D. program at the ex-
pense of untcnurcd faculty.

The petition read: “We the under-
signed, arc totally opposed to the
hiring of nationally known scholars
at the expense of thc untcnurcd
faculty members presently in our
department. As English majors we
are inside cvaluutors and it is our

especially in'cases of, rape. '
A member of the Right to Life
Committee publicaily apologized to
the Senator for the name calling
At the reception Bayh was receiv-
ed warmly‘by ISO supporters who
donated $1,500 in campaign funds.
Blasts Ford’s Economics
Bayh went on to blast Ford's
economic policy, as he pledged to
take on the multinational oil cor-
porations and to deal with the
problem of unemployment.
“Albany knows the tragedy of un-
employment". remarked Bayh. “You
don't solve inflation by putting
millions of people out of work".
The Indiana Senator stressed the
need to “recognize talent and
harness it with jobs that need to be

("-1

opinion that thc untcnurcd
professors rank among the very best
educators on the current English
faculty."

"The question comes down to
whether we must accept the opinion
ofthc outside evaluators as final and
irreversible." said Tom Guffncy.
chairman of the English Student
Committee. “ President Fields seems
to hold their opinion very highly as if
it were a sacred lastjudgcmcnt that
should not be questioned."

"The cvaluators‘ assess mcnt sccms
based on several assumptions that

 

 

‘Tn/o'
CEngIrslz
Qirls’

February 13 and 14, 1976

"A Gem From Truffaut”
New York Times

Tickets: $1.25 and $2.00
Recital Hall, Performing Arts Center

@1146 LHNCRSITYAT ALBN‘IY

A film in color by
Francois Truffaut

 

 

done." Bayh suggested work projects
to improve railway and sewage
systems which would both raise the
nations standards and curb the un-
employment, rate. ‘I A

. He cited as tragic. the case of the
college student who graduated with
a degree in sociology only to join the
ranks of theunemployed.

Bayh said that “people are looking-

for honesty and candor in politics ‘
Supporters who spoke with him
commented on his “folksy campaign
manner" and “warm Kennedy-like
charisma." ‘
"Bttsy Schedtle

Bayh has scheduled trips to
Syracuse and Rochester before
returning to New Hampshire for the
Democratic Primary.

Student Lobby Pushes Pot Reform

by Doug Payne

“One voice is hard to hear. Thou-
sands will be hard to ignore.“
proclaims the New York Public In-
terest Research Group'sstudcnt lob-
by currently focused to help end the
pot prohibition.

NYPIRG is working towards the
dccriminalization of marijuana laws.
which upon conviction could result
in from one to 15 years in prison for
possession of as little as ‘A of an
ounce. PlRG is fighting for
“Decriminalization of possession or

itition Administration

deserve serious scrutiny," said
Gaffney. “The deﬁnition ofa quality
department needs to be clariﬁed."

“I suggest that an investigating
committcc composed of ad-
ministrators. teachers and students
be set up to scrutinize the assump-
tions and methodology of the out-
side cvaluators‘ reports." Gaffncy
continued. “Such a committee could
affirm the opinion or could register
reasoned dissentions.“

According to Nancy Albaugh. a
fortncr member of the English Stu-
dent Committcc, something can be
done to help ease the situation by
way of providing an altcrnutivc to re-
cstahlishing the Ph.D. "The
Carnegie Institute granted 5400.000
to the board oftrustccstousc forim-
proving Doctorate of Arts within the
SUNY system."

The Doctorate of Arts program at
SUNYA is currently not geared
towards research, but to people who
are planning to teach in two to four
year colleges.

"The administration working to
get some of these funds.“ Albaugh
continued. “would do two things:
Primarily it could help improve the
quality of the Doctorate of Arts
program; secondly it could help in-
crease the morale of the faculty
within the English department.“

 

l r‘
Ir \.
i»...
A“ ,
t$ .
.pﬂ

 

 

 

sale of marijuana in amounts less
than two ounces, except in the case
of minors under [6 years of ago.“

According to Georgia Irwin. a
member of PIRG‘s student lobby,
the most important current activity
of NYPIRG‘s SUNYA board is an
intensive student letter writing cam-
pttign and petition drive. Thcsc ac-
tivities will be co-ordinatcd by Mark
Travis, a full-time NYPI RG lobbyist
at the Capitol in Albany.

Travis said the letter writing was
of primary importance and will be
aimed at state Senators Douglas
Barclay and Warren Anderson,
Assemblyman Stanley Fink and
Assemblyman Stanley Steingut. The
Senate Bill on .marijuana dc-
criminalization must receive
Barclay‘s sanction as chairman of
the Scnatc Codcs Committee. It is
important. say thc people at PlRG
to inform him ofstudcnt opinion on
the issue.

Barclay's Committee appears to
be in favor of some reefer reform.
but will probably sponsora weaker
bill than is expected to pass in the
Assembly later this month. Carey is
reported in favor of the stronger
Assembly bill that would if passed,
dccriminalizcthc possession and sale
of marijuana inamountsof less than
two ounces.

The director of PlRG‘s state wide
effort to decriminalize marijuana is
Robert Voorhces. Based in
Sycracusc, Voorhecs works with
Travis in Barclay‘s home district.
voorheessays that the statement by
Anderson last Tuesday would cause
a slight change in PlRG strategy.
The New York Times reported that
Anderson was resisting pot
dccriminalization attempts by
Corey.

Anderson said the law as propos-

ed would “larger beneﬁt big-time

pushers and organized crime.“ He
was primarily against the provision
in the law that would decriminalize
sole not possession. Voorhees says.
“There is no basis forsomc of Ander-
son‘s remarks." Heindicatedthat the
primary target ofthc letter writting
would now be concentrated on

Anderson ﬁrst and the others later.

Travis says his efforts at Pl R0 are
concentrated on “getting the
strongest bill possible for
dccriminalization." Passage of the
PlRG supported bill would make
conviction of the possession or sale
of two ounces or less punishable by a
fine. but the violation would remain
on the record.

Chances for Success

As to the chances of PlRG‘s
success.Voorhecssays. “There is still
a good chance for something to be
passed. The Assembly‘is favorable

however with Anderson‘s re-
cent comments and with his power. it
looks like it will be a tough ﬁght in
the Senate.“

Voting in the legislature on the
issue is upcoming shortly. NYPIRG
is holding a blitz oflettcr writing and
petition signing by students to be
held tentatively next week in the
Campus Center Lobby. NYPIRG
urges students to attend and write a
short letter. one ortwo lines, sign the
petition. contact legislators in per-
son. or by telephone. to register
opinions on the issue. Legislators
can be reached at their local district
ofﬁces or at the Capitol in Albany.
All letters can be addressed to
Capitol. Albany. N.Y. [2201.
Students interested in further infor-
mation, or who are willing to offer
assistance can contact NYPIRG stu-
dent lobby at 457-3948 in room 308
of the Campus Center.

 

NOMINATIONS for the position of Editor-in-Chicf of the Albany Student

Press will be accepted from February 1310 February 27. Nominees must be full-

Iimc equivalent undergraduates at SUNY

to represent the Albany Student Press. and is res onsiblc for the direction,

production, content and policy of the ‘Albany .tudcnt Press. Letters of
. s c . ~ - t

A. The Editor ~in-Chlefiscm owcrcd

g ,, Editor In Campus Center

 

 
   
 
 

 

(/{l/

The Downtown Sadie Hawkins
Valentine’s Day Dance

4/

in Alden Lower Lounge
Bring your own mug and

FROM: 9:00 PM to 2:00 AM
college ID required
special discount for couples

 

man
February l3th

 

 

FEBRUARY 13, 1976

 

' should be " tot
329. Elections will be held March 8.

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

146 State Street
Albany, N.Y. 12224
5184651116

 

Also available Bermuda. Puestolice I St. Maartea packages.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EUROPE at prices you
can afford run-‘29!”

TRANSATLAIITIC IEI' FLIGHTS To lONlION.
BRUSSELS, FRANKFURT, VIENNA AIIII llIlIllll

All programs completst bonded A government approved a No groups to loin, new
open to you lndlvidusll - scary advance
a r .. .mors when you re thsrel For SPECI 1. low rates. contac 

   coupon for details:

is .
,I Albany. N.Y. 12m

urchase required. 8 nd less for the

 

ALBANV Til VEL BUREAU
State St

 

 

 

  
   
 

PAGE THREE

  
  

    

    

 

  

 

 

