 
 
       

      

 

I
l
i
l
I
l
i

   
   
   
      
     
  
  
      
    
       
       
       
       
      
   
         
     
   
   
     
     
      
    
     
     
     
      
     
    
     
    
    
     
      
      
  
  
     
  
  
 
 
   
      
  
      
   
   
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  

_ ' Talipbeea-

 

V H isobvlh Theoll'lee

Y doeeprdaedoeelin l977-1I

eminent. it‘atsy ‘ulreths-eaoiuonot
d-slflsd coin “film. ‘

s ofﬁce runs the causal

swkeltboard system of the University with three

I"! one eecoure’ clerk. one telephone

Thewvlce is essential to

MAWYIMVOIW oftbeservlce. The
matter of ti es access-should be studied with an
eye to liaising its reefer offlo‘al university p ,

only. We recommend the maintenanee the

Area
M

 

evaluation of the nets

cally'heeeuse of the abilities of those

. basi
peoplelnthemlddlemanapmeot podumendof

a,  .
mindlcaestbettheentirsoperationruta ,

L ' our 'ﬁlm'“ and .
Tm-Tﬂk Force is‘convincedthat Ineffective sod

. successful. Information about the Uni
’ "'needstobentoreryr

the willingneasoftheworkersto makedointlmesof ; _

austerity. The outside evaluators altoin‘dieatedthat
understiﬁogisnota oble’ntan here. ‘

Hevl noted that everious ncheaerenot

the Task Force recommends a

position in the

administrative and Supervision area. l4 classified

positions in Custodial Services. and one classiﬁed
position In Iuilding Maintenance. and the addition
of one professional position in Safetyforlnspetxion
of radioactive materials as mandated by the State
Health De meta. All of the above changes are

tin-hode
T the Alumni New'slet
,vi ‘u‘s bile “formation program is badly
by’tuhie University. We areelso‘eonvlnced
that past efforts have been best only w 
on and campus eedll
accessible to all. sndimportentiti'ormstionsources
also must be more egressively pursued.

- L. . The position of direaor is etrrretttlyvseerttinthie

s ﬁlled a more effective public

or should be mounted than 
been he case past. In view of the ﬁnancial
restraints onthe university. it isthe viewof the Task
Force that one position should be removed in the
ofﬁce in 1971-78 and this line redeployed to an area
of higher need. Because of the resources existent
elsewhere on the campus, the ﬁlm cepebiltty of the
Media Relations Ofﬁce may be an unnecessary
duplication of services. We particularly recommend
a careful review of the functions and needs for the

      
 

 
 

present st . ,

StoreboIIc—Tﬂs is a two person operation
coaching of two store clerks. The Task Force sees
tide as so easemlal service which appears to be
fundiodng well and recommends no change.

Mall and Messenger—This service has a
bud’ted mateff of two professional end I400
demiﬁed with total salaries of “37.680. The inter-
campue mail is a major funnion'of this ofﬁce.
Recognizing that this unit performs ‘a service
essential to all groups at the University. The Task
Force recornmende no change in stafﬁng.

Rapid Copy Center—The many on-carnpus
facilities and machines for duplicating were recently
consolidated intotwo centrally located Rapid Copy
Centers. a service having a budgeted FTE of 2.00.
There is a deﬁnite need for these services and they.
appear minimally staffed forthetasks assigned. The
Task Force recommends no change in stafﬁng.

ve Action ca

This ofﬁce. budgeted for two professional and
one classiﬁed position. is responsible for the
afﬁrmative action program on this campus.
External auditors and others ferrtiliar with this
program have indicatedthatthe ofﬁce has been only
marginally effective in inﬂuencing hiring and
dismissal practices. promotion and continuing
appointments in various units of the University. So
few people are being hired ontltis campus.there isa
question as to how much any ofﬁce can do to
promote effective Afﬁrmative Action. especially
under such adverse ﬁnancial condition. The Task
Force is deeply concerned that the new budget cuts
do not harm the Afﬁrmative Action program
further. and supports the University‘s commitment
to Afﬁrrnative Action goals through this ofﬁce.
Depltmenl of Public lately

The Department of Public Safety. staffed by ﬁve
professional and 39 classiﬁed positions. has
responsi ‘ ' ies which are assigned to three
divisions: Police, Trafﬁc and Safety. The Police
Division is responsible for criminal ' ', '
law enforcement. emergency aid and a wide variety
of non-emergency services. The Trafﬁc Division
handles vehicle registration. parking lots. ﬁne
collection and ticket control. Safety codes. hazard
prevention and accident investigation are
responsibilities of the Safety Division. The available
information. including an external review. indicates
that the Department is functioning well.

Vehicular concerns have become a big business
on campus. In I975. over “28.000 in revenue was
realized from paid parking. registration and ﬁnes.
the latter contributing 568.000 to the total. The
parking problems at SUNYA are long-standing and
seemingly immune to simple solution. but the
income and expenditures in this special parking
fund should be carefully monitored.

Stafﬁng in the Department presents a unique
problem. since 24-hour service is required in some
areas. Even so. stafﬁng seems reusonuhlyfavorable.
and there is no indication that serious problems
would result fromaslight reduction in l97b-77. with
further action to be based on a reapprruisai of the
stafﬁng and ﬁscal situations in [977-78,

Physical Plant Department

The Plant Department is organired internally
into ﬁve major branches, one of which. Downtown
Campus. is subsumed under the others in terms of
functions performed. A Maintenance Operations
Center is an additional unit. with a staff of seven and
responsibilities for preventive maintenance. work
orders, purchasing and accounting and

rformancc reports. Data from the Department's
I975 self-studyshowsthe major branches. theirstaff
and responsibilities as follows:

Uri/files. 45 positions. Maintenance and
operation ofthe heating and air conditioning plant.
utility maintenance shops. ﬁre alarms and sprinkler
system. swimming pool. fountains. lighting system.
kitchens and refrigeration sytems nre duties ofthe
Utilities unit.

Bulldlng: and Grounds Maintenance. 123
positions. This branch handles such areas as
carpentry. hardware. plumbing. painting and
rooﬁng. maintenance of the grounds. including
trash collection. and operates the motor pool. which
includu the University bus service. The automotive
services section. because of its unique
responsibilities. is discussed separately below.

Building Services. 287 positions. The primary
function of this branch. in terms of numbers of

 
  
 
 
   

  
   
    

 
  
     
    

    
      
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

 
   

 
  
 
   
   
 
  

 
   
   
 
  
  
 

is custodial. Other responsibilities

.‘rmtt I \IABLE I ll

pert
recommended for 1976-77; further reduaions. if
necessary in l977-7l. must be based oaereeppraisal

  

- (1‘ functions and workloads withinthedepertment.

Automotive Servicesisasub-unit within Building
and Grounds Maintenance having three motor
equipment repairmen and H.” motor vehicle
operators. It runs the bus service and motor pool.
The service is rated essential to all youps: it is
particularly vital for students. many of whom
depend totally on its services. Demand for bus
service has increased this year. particularly at peak
hours and the Task Force recommends that all
alternatives be explored to improve and increase
this service. The University must make certain that
no further erosion in its quality is permitted.

UNIVERSITY AND STUDENT AFFAIR.

As noted earlier in this report. the administrative
reorganization of ﬁve years ago consolidated the
top level management of this campus by givingfour
functions and titles to twa individuals: the
Executive Vice President and Vice President for
Academic Affairs being one. and the Vice President
for Research and Dean of Graduate Studies being
the other. Similar consolidation was made at that
time in University and Student Affairs by
combining four major functions under one Vice
President.

0.11:» of the Vice President for University
'8

 
 
 
 
  
  

 

This office is responsible for four major
functions: (1) student affairs. (2) community and
alumni relations. (3) publications and print shop.
and (4) employee relations.

Besides the Vice President. this ofﬁce is staffed by
an Assistant Vice President who exercises
operational oversight over community relations.
publication. and employee relation activities: an
Assistant to the Vice President who works primarily
with the Alumni Ofﬁce; an Assistant for University
f‘ ' ' r r 'L' for cultural and other
community events. presidential conferences. and
communications with faculty. students and
community members who require information or
assistance in their dealings with the University: the
Dean for Student Affairs whose responsibilities are
described below; and two persons whose functions
are wholly or partially funded by outside sources.
the Director of the Regional Advancement Service
and the Director of thc Educational Opportunity
Center. Two classiﬁed positions are assigned to this
ofﬁce. One additional person who provides
secretarial services for the University Senate is also
housed in this ofﬁce for administrative purposes.

In view ofthe Task Forcc.some reduction of staff
is called for in this ofﬁce. After carefully weighing
the data available and balancing need against
ﬁnancial constraints, we concluded that the
functions of the Assistant for University
Communications can be absorbed by other
personnel. and this position eliminated. Also. while
the position of University Senate secretary should
continue. this person should be relocated to an
ofﬁce where secretarial skills are also necdedsothat
this secretary's skills can be more fully utilized
during slack periods.

Office of Community Relations

This unit is primarily responsible for the
processing and production of most of the
publications ofthe University. This includes editing.
design. production and distribution of catalogs.
bulletins. brochures. reports and posters. The ofﬁce
also maintains a variety of related records such as
mailing lists. The cost of maintaining this in-house
capacity is substantially belowcosts which would be
involved if total reliance were placed on outside
production sources. There are four professionals
and two classiﬁed positions in this unit.

Central Dupllt'allngw'fhis sub-unit of the Ofﬁce
of Community Relations consists of six classiﬁed
positions and is responsible for the operation of the
print shop now in Draper Hall. This service is in
heavy demand. as are all the services ofthe Ofﬁce of
Community Relations.

The Task Force makes no recommendation for a
change in staff levels in the Ofﬁce of Community
Relations. but does note complaints about delay
and redtape. and urges this unit l0 ﬁnd ways to
increase its productivity.

Office of Merle Relations

This ofﬁce. with a budggted staff of four cassettesx videotapes. and printed occupational

 

 

I'll Positions Dollars

 

instruction L Departmental Research
iaeul

   

0

ﬁlm specialist in this office.

Office of Allure! Attire .
This ofﬁce is staffed by a single professional
person paid from University resources. Twa other
positions are supported by donations from alumni.
This ofﬁce has only recently reorganized under tis
present director and since then it has cornptled a
record of 'growth and effective service. In the last
two years it has won a national award for stutsined
performance and growth in alumni giving and
concluded a successful fund-raising project which
resulted in the construction of the new Alumni
House Conference Center. The Task Force
recommends continuation of present levels of

su ort.
Olllbe of the Dean for Student Affelrs

The ofﬁce contains 9.5 FTE positions at a cost of
“49.288. The Ofﬁce of the Dean of Student Affairs
is responsible for all of the student services discussed
below. Of the twelve major functions supported by
the budget category called student services. nine are
the responsibility ofthe Dean for Student Affairs.
As noted earlier under academic affairs. thrce
units—undergraduate admissions. registrar. and
university college—are coordinated by the Ofﬁce of
Undergraduate Studies. All of the other student
services fall within the purview of the Dean for
Student Affairs. The Director of Residences. the
Director of Student Health Service. and the
Director of Athletics report directlytothe Dean nsu
part of Student Affairs.

An Assistant Dean for Student Affairs and an
Associate Dean for Student Affairs arc in staff
positions rclutcd dirmly to the Dean. The Assistant
Dean coordinates budget and personnel matters
within student affairs. coordinates the student
judicial system. and serves as a liaison with the
University Police. particularly in matters of student
conduct. The Associate Dean conducts exit
interviews with students who withdraw. grunts
student leaves of absence. screens former students
who wish to be readmitted. writes recommendations
for students who need them. and works on speciul
projects as assigned by the Dean.

An additional Associate Deanfor Student Affairs
rcports th the Dean and is responsible for the
Counseling Center. Financial Aids. and Placement.
Another Associate Dcanfor Student Affairs reports
to the Dean and is responsible for the Campus
Center. Student Life. Student Activities. and
International Student Advisement.

Under the Dean's purview arc l22 budgctcd
positions at SI.641.599. All of these units have
submitted self-study reports during recent months.
and most of the units were visited by outside
evaluators. In addition. proposals for the
reorganization of student services have been
generated internally. The Task Force read these
materials and discussed them with various members
of the Student Affairs staff. From our review. we
sensed a genuine desire to organize the student
services components in ways which rcd ucc resources
while more effectively serving students.

Any reorganization of student services should
emphasize a reduction of unit rigidities and
cncourngc a commitment of persons toward a sense
of total involvement rather than “unit protection."
Existing units can well be brought together into new
clusters of functions. Some areas of clustering are
implied in the following recommendations.

In view ofthe possibility of restructuring some of

the activities in student affairs in l976~77. and in
view of current ﬁscal constraints. the Task Force
recommends that a total of two professional lines
and eight classiﬁed lines he reduced in 1976-77 from
the various areas under the Dean for Student
Affuirs. One of the professional positions reduced
should be the Associate Dean for Student Affairs
lint: since these responsibilities can be absorbed by
other positions.
The lellsl'ffllg Center—The staff of the University
Counseling Center consists of ﬁve professionally
trained counseling psychologists (a Director and
four counselors) as wall us one secretary. 'l'hc
Counseling workload is reported to ht: heavy. with a
two-month backlog. The Center engages in
personal. psychological. and career counseling. and
its staff are highly regarded by students.

The February I976 study of advisement by the
Undergraduate Academic Council indicates that
students desire more career counseling. The
Counseling Center ulrcndy possesses materials-—

   
    

  
    

  

 

 

[out A
ten

 
   
 
  
 
   
 

 

 

career
, _ II Force
tats d “ ‘ I nrssourcssf ,rthe‘Os'nter.
Utti ity shouts etudyTthi d rlltlllty of
riding a ouns‘ellng endeareer development
WWW. , ‘ - ’ '
Financial Aldr (Mice—This ofﬁce is currently
for 11.25 positions including six
nel. ed. and one partner:
essls . The ofﬁce is handicapped by a heavy
workload and by etleart three vacancies which have
been frozen. To cope with this problem secretarial
assistance been borrowed from other ofﬁces
within Student Affairs. Financial aids suffers from
additional pressures: the mounting financial needs
of more and more students; the confining and even
chaotic condition of the federal ﬁnancial situation,
and the reductions in aid—Federal. State and
private. . '

It is the recommendation of the Task Force that
the Financial Aide Ofﬁce be fully staffed at Its
budgeted level of resources through I976-77. It may
be necessary to divert additional stenographrc
resources to this ofﬁce at times of peak workload.
International Student Advisement—This ofﬁce
assists all students from abroad in a Wide range of
services (i.c.. admissions. orientation. counseling,
academic advisement. ﬁnancial aids. housing. ets.).
The number of foreign students increased
substantially upto 1972-73. andthen beganto drop.
In the earlier section on Academic Affairs. the
Task Force recommended that International
Student Advisement and the Ofﬁce of International
Programs be joined in one ofﬁce with a reduction of
total staff in l977-78. This recommendation is based
on the assumption that there will continue to be a
reduction in the number of foreign students in this
University. and that the number of SUNY-Albany
students studying overseas will decline.

The Placement Q'ﬂce—This ofﬁce is staffed by four
professionals and two secretaries. The Task Force
recognizes that the University is reviewing
alternatives for meeting the placement and career
development needs of students. However. we are

not able to recommend the most effectch

organizational arrangement. and we encourage

continued study.

Student [It'll/Ill Service-~With n stuff of Ill

positions and a personnel budget of almost half a

million dollars. the Student Health Service is It

complex urea. The demand for services and the

increasing expenses combinc to present the
University with problems that are difficult to solve.

Mujor questions must be confronted such as the

feasibility of continuing to provide in-pnticnt

treatment. which contributes upproximutciy
8200.000 to the cost ofthe Health Service. Some- of
those questions. purticulurly the possibility of a
student health ice. are beingcousidcrcd on n SUN Y-
widc busis.

Due to the current ﬁscal constraints. the 'l'usk
Force believes that reductions must be made in this
area. We recommend that four FI‘E positions he
reduced in I976-77. Reductions in 1977—78 and
beyond should be based upon further study.
Rl’l'it/t'm't.’ Hulls—The professional stuff in tht:
residence halls are responsible to Student Affairs.
but they also relate to the business und maintenance
components of the University. Art outside rcvicw
gave the residence hall stuff high rulings (Directors.
RA's and Classified) but felt that more
responsibility should be delegated to the
professional stuff and less to clerical und student
personnel.

The Residence Halls carry n stuff of 36 positions
including: one Director. one Assistant to Director.

1 Housing Assistants. [7 Residence Halls
UIICCIOI’S. and ii Stcnogruphcrs. The budget for
1975-76 is 8424.087. 'Ihcrc is in control residence
ofﬁce. in addition to the personnel assigned to each
of the residence areas.

The secretaries assigned to tho residences curry
out a variety of tasks in support of the duties of the
residence directors. Some of the work of these
persons. us well as other activities in housing. such
us the ussignmcnt of students to rooms. may be
uuiomutcd. The Task Force urges that immediate
steps be taken to speed the use ofsuchtcchnology.

The Task Force recommends that two clussificd

positions bcrcduccd and rcdcployedin l976—77. We
also recommend a study of the need for full-time
secretaries in each residence quadrangle.
Ofﬁce of Student Life, Slur/cm Unlon. and Student
Activities—These three ofﬁces have budgeted stuffs
of l7 and [975-76 salaries of SZOIIJSG. In uddition.
Student Activities uses one graduate ussistuni.
These three ofﬁces coordinate u wide variety of
cultural, social. educational. and rccrcutionul
uctivitics which an: of interest to the entire
University and local communities. The Ofﬁce of
Student Life. also located in the Campus Center.
udminislcrs u number of student personnel
functions. including orienting new students.
responding to inquiries ubout students and former
students. advising commuting students.
interviewing und assisting undergraduate sludcnls
who wish to withdraw. and developing programs
and services for veterans and hundicappcd students.
There is a Director ofthe Campus Center as well as u
Dtrcctor of Student Activities. and both of those
have major responsibilities for programs affecting
students.

The Tusk Force believes that some consolidation
of activities and programs could take pluceir these
three offices. and we recommend the reduction of
(7);“: professional and two clerical positionsin I976-

  

  

 

 

  

 
  
         
  

 
 
    
  
   
  
   

  
 

  

     

     
  

 

 
 
      
  
      
 
   
    
  

  
 

 

 

 

rutt It

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Executive Budget Reductions I'de force Rceomndatlons Iururm not" tut-art m murmur
"E PM. I in“ Dal I.” was suur uutvusnr narrat- Ins-n
Twan comm “may:
Y '77 '555 :70“ '17 “‘55: I la tmus rout Jr as -I]] —Ia
Faculty Support -23 ~359JOO 48.5 “195.000
Organized lasaarch -0- v - -0- -0- ' ‘ l" ' :33"   : :3 
Publ Ic Service '3 ' 1ii .700 '3.“ ' 62.000
Organized Aetivlllet -5 - 80.20!) 4.9 - 90.115 Wasn't-I Ionm- - - - -il
UN")! "‘ ' 59-000 '5'" ' 5hr”) latsnslon t rum: smu- - I - - ll - l
Sludﬂtl Servlcos 'fl 'Ill.500 41.0 'lthJfrf
Helntonooea and Operation (Includes “"‘m “"9"” “"‘m ‘ 7 ‘ ' ”
Aualliery [niornrttrtt -I3 416.800 -l5.6 -|'t‘t.256 ma... "1,". .,.¢ m . I . g . I, . ,
Consul AMlﬂI'rlIaIlrm -0- -0- -1.0 - 38,000
General Institutional Services (Comutinq '"‘"""°"" “W” """”‘ "l ' ’ ‘ '6 "5
COM-fl -(te '0- t I l'hﬁﬂwnl mum. tut-mt...
wow. "-1!" WEE—.7077" -9 . 4.2 1. ‘15 ‘

rumm't MI Vlll runnrut' atnut
lfIf-I'uII-Tln loulvelenll

mm or
uuotsts of WW Dr MW at tom unvrltl"
m In trusts" m mth m tmnrtts
m ti,“ tun Ill rjr jun 19 n; 11m

1
sum smut II in rt to:

 

PAGE 8A

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
  

 

FEBRUARY 24. 1976

.. u»...me was. t v

 

  
 
   
   
    

   

' ' genomes

  
     
     
   
 

  
     
  

Dearest Iglnol - , . , _ H I V. ' ~  ‘ '
“has” 31.“? ti" " 'm' “U” l “"" M" ' ' " ' r "
up eeu .HoveoHo' "I “ll ’ V l L
belated birthday and films you on“: I‘ HOUSING W‘Nup " L
tennis courts in the spring. suv‘m lo" ‘ mun J ‘
love, Lody Fran. I m” WAN “mum.” L‘ - ‘ I
D”, Mu, . | "0 nerouats- ’

F O R S A L E
66 GMC van runs good; new brakes,
klng pins. Cull Rita at 462-4910.

Must soerlfieo: 1972 VW 4| 1. 2-cloor, 4-
speed. Coll 7-3065 between 7 p.m;
and I2 'p.m. ‘

Pioneer 8-troek FM stereo ear deck with
Craig powerployr6x9 speakers. 580.
Call Bruce of 436-9061.

Audiovox AM/ ear stereo with 8-

troek, brand new, unused. New: 5150.
Will sell for $100. Coll Sky at 436-8922

I didn't knowtltot you could oetl You
were great.

 

 

 do"! a" my home. can “2' : Print NIATlY, earthly as you with if to be printed:
Love. Hedda Hopper. ' _

Mar er ‘

“ﬁlmy” Womble", Margery  .

It's one o’clock and rumor has it it's '
your birthday. Hope it's happy.
Love oncl donuts. Adele, Kathy, llibet |
and Beth.

Typina, m horn . D
371.7726] 9 epondoble. Call

Collar lessons—Music groduote look-
toq for new students in Sunyo area.
Beginners or advanced. Coll 456-52“.

I . .
amt-solo done In my home. Call 869- P~5- K"°<ll.lm°¢ll, Come in"

 

 

 

——____.*_
Seniors, Grads. There is a college
representative on campus for the
Northwestern Mutual life Insurance
Company. Coll him at 7-4068 or stop

 

ok:

“Hey.” You thought it was a con-
splrpey... Wrong. We apologize for
buying to eliminate I/3 manage-o-
trots temporarily. Happy Birthday to an

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

all" 5 P-m- bYk3f°3 Irving Hall on State Quod and irreplaceable port of the trionqicl
Texas Instruments SIT-50A calculator as or J'm' l°V°v E 5 50¢-
for sole for $75. Call Dan at 7-8759. E D L
uropo 76 am "d' Name
No boards, Buckie? Kniessl. red star No frills student teacher charter Pan“ di WIN” bene'
slits. 200m lance compeMwn boots. mg}... Wm... Global 5, d m____Nl€k_°l-
stze 9. Reasonable. Coll438-1028 and T h . ” °"' Dear NADMM ‘ - “m”
ask for Jean-Claude or Paul. euc er Travel’ 52] F'l'hAVe” N’Y' Mechanic l‘ ‘ (Ohm men“
I lCOTICe I
N.Y. I0017 or Cull(2l2)379-3532. Never could bilgenclsked for a Phone

 

 

 

 

Drums. 4-pieca for $50. Coll Bill at 482-
340 .

 HELP WANTED

Minl condition. 350. Call 489-0129in summ” Employmom c I d
o era 0,

e .

Ves Wyoming, 8. Montana. U.S. Forest Ser-
vice. Nat. Parks, Dude ranches. Forinfo
8- directory send $3. to Outdoor Ser-
vices, Box 349, Cody, Wyoming 824M

greater roomie. You're really
something elsel Just think—if we
hadn't mat, how would you ever get
the hood of your car open?! (not even
the Mobile Man knows that one). Good
luck iobvhunting—don't gel dis-
caurogedl

I Issues to be printed

I Enclose five cents for each word per each time printed
I Minimum charge 3. 75. I

I Fifteen cents for each word in bold (circle words to be set in bold)

Ski Boots—Rosamount. size I2.
Original price $150. Good condition.
Asking $30. Coll Roger at 436-906I.

Preeor: 2/4 Channel 8-trock tape
player. Mode speakers power-$100.
5800 BTU air conditioner. Excellent
condition. Reasonable offer. Call 273-
5707 after 5: 30.

‘ love yo—lleen.
Bill and Janice, _
’Congrutulutions on your first an-
mversory. We wish you many more.
Stan, Ken. Mike.
Dawn,
‘ Happy Birthday and get ready I
cause herel come.
Love. Hoosier.
Dear “Guess Who",
We didn't forget, we just wanted it
to be more of a surprise. Happy 18th

Accompanist needed to play pop, T07"- e"‘l°59d
mood, and folk styles for pop singer.

Coll 2744692 after 5 pm.

Mature men and women wanted as
counselors at a summer sleep away

' Ell 'u , . .
H 0 U SI N G 2335...;2. .an ill; a". #8972. F“

Slx room opt, heated, 3 or 4 students.   0 U N

Available March lst. Pine Hills, near
White mittens were probably lost on

Send to

Albany Student Press
Campus Center 329
I400 Washington Ave.
Albany. N.Y. I222?

____...._—________.__....l

Dearest Shelly.
Best Wishes for good health and
eternal happiness.

  
   
   

busline. Call 439-0347 after 2: 30.

 
 

Notice: This is the last issue of the
ASP before vacaIion. Next ASP

 

 

 

 

 

Female apt. mute wanted‘ $90 per I

I _  ' » Dutch Quad.lflound, placsecoll To ' B'r'hday' I ' I

gpﬂggtflufygggeztnogd utlkfgss.lfur- a, 7.7743 0. drop by Ryckman 302nm Love, Ms. Chocolate. —— M‘ “we ls Pu" Mom" ‘2'
I . uny- ustne. Vii—w -~-~~~— — ' ._' DEPT RIC“ ‘

_ . . . . o L d ’ ' '
can 438 4727. anuggluéet'il [grown-white collie rmx Is ewe 35:900.“ var h . b_ h Farm is more than a dream. Best of ﬁtflfrloiﬁsEd: bgnQIY?'El‘ll?fY mee'mg
—————A ""88 bedrooms up, for $1907 a G 1 a aureen at 7.5134 0,- mu 0 ever Y OPP'e“ '" ' luck on March Ist.l'|lbethinking of ou u l‘ 't d d, W “cm . 8' "abet
month inCIUdin hem and h t 3 m “I'derland dog warden w 356‘ y‘ I in me win y ntmlp ates. Send new for free In.

I g o wmer' ‘50]. WW much love, Susan and Cheryl. . formutlon: lNSTA-MATE. Box 6175-C
Elbemn Place, near Old Albany High . WWW,  NW 'W '77 7777 T A~—~I~—M——— A" "‘Y “"9! MWVI' AlbanYr N-Y- l22°9~ I
Reward oflered for the return of o I wad‘ mg," Barbie. HOPPY IOle Valentine's Day

School. Call 482-8306 or 489-6213.

.Couple wants I bedroom or studio opt.
for‘F-all-Spr. ’76—upto $160. including
utilities. Call either Rich or Carol at 436-

I002 eves.
One female wanted to complete ell-4 2:192??? 2;:vjrgr “brow can Cindy
' . l .

bedroom apt. $40. monthly, not lnv . 
cludlng utilities. Call 449-8489.

WANTED

Marvel Comics 1961-1976. Buying in
bulk lots or individually to suit my
needs. Also interested in other comics,
82"i3003r433.‘;8g37|med 'lems- CO” vicinity. leavtng Sat. Feb 28th Refur-

' ning Sun Mar 7th. Coll Pete at 7-

M——_”_ 4080.
  worried to Philadelphia, Fri or

Passpw' A "can't," P 0' . Swuihmoru College oreu. loovmg Fri
service M/onfqoﬂo‘nﬂg; T3583? gab. 27tlt;t.m. Shoreull expenses. Cull
1230,- Wed: 11:45-12:45,- Thur: 6130- 95°31.“ '47'6'

7:30 pm $2.50 for lst two, 50s for
each additional. CC 305. Forinfo. call
7-2l l6.

Typing—did. Pickup/delivery,
gargzonablo. My home. Call Pat at 765-

Wanf to work the night of Telethon?
Come to the Operations Committee
meeting tonight, Feb. 24th. at 7:30in
the ballroom. For information, call
Jerry at 7-7742.

EUROPE
- l/2 

You‘ve got nothing to do
Come- Io the Mordi Gras
And bring a friend too

pyle-lined navy blue iocket lost Sat.
Feb. 7th at CC Ballroom Party. Call
877-8107.

Love, Mark.

Ph.D candidate. hard working. male,
30, with littletimo to meet women seeks
date for “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's
Nest". Please call Jim at 434-47I8.

 

Come in r: costume
Wear a disguise

Or come in your—"—
You may win 0 prize.

RIDE RIDERS sulﬁde" mm
ope you and Alder had a

Ride needed .0 philudelphia on or :‘Purnper"iugiitne downintlte cellor.|
about Feb. 27m Coll Synthia m 436- IUS' “We YOU don" have '0 5'0" using
0409. iltem.

Radio shack calculator is lost in girls

Dear Suites i023 and 102 and everyone
else who helped make my birthday so é
special and full of surprises: '

I love you al|~Tltonks for being such

great friends. "w AM

a  BOO-3254867
@ Un:

Lots of Love. Marcie Travel Charters

 

 

Door 4 pIJQ'ers
Colle Toledo just isn’t the some as
304. I miss youl

Herb.

To all our friends who made our party
grcol Saturday night. “You guys are
top notch!" My Tw—

Lovo, list: and Joyce
P 5. How is your mother?

 

 needed to Rockvillr: Centre or
EXCEPTIONAI. EMPLOYMENT
OPPORTUNITY

Moimonides Residential Center has
Looks like you gonad some child care worker-counselor
Preliminary work on our uproiedu positions available this summer,
already. Hope you recover enough so and °pponunmes l°r y°°”°und
JAp Anny,husdeyebpudawgddm we can really take a walkl Hello to emp‘t’ymem in unique programs
Ride wanted to Philadelphia ("on on r v. I"?  MMP ” She is 5”“ here. lollemo'ionany dis'wb’ed and men-
Feb 27th. Willshare expenses Cull Bill Md“: . K a y worded Children and
GI m 74723. To a beautiful person, friend and ado'escems' sponsored by

 Moimonides Institute, the oldest

‘- s  _ roommate, i wish you all the love and t . .
Ride wanted for two~ Ff. ioudcrdule happiness you dOSBrVB. 0" YOUI‘ blrlh- leaching orgumzanon under Jewm‘
ousplces conducting schools
1

and/or Iontpu leaving around Feb. day and UIWGY5-

27”“ News to" 449-842]. Jill. residential treatment centers, day
7- "v 7  W _ ’ treatment centers and summer
camps for special children. Cum-
puses in For Roekaway ond Mon-

ticello. New York.
For information and application,
please write: Muimonides Residen-
tial Cantor, Personnel Department,
34-01 Mott Ave., Far Rockaway,
N Y II

love, Poul

LISO, licuienont~General ol theéOéh-d

Want to work the night of Telethon?
Come to the Operations Committee
meeting Tuesday, Feb 24th. 7:30 p.rn.
in the ballroom. For information, call
Jerry at 7-7742.

 

 

 

Unisex Hoircutting and Styling.
Special: Trim and shape scissor cut for
$3.50. Al's Hair Shop. Ramada Inn.
Western Avenue. Call 482-8573. Open
til 8 p.111.

Attention Freshmonl Class of I79'
council meeting lonite at 8:15in LC 14.

Le Cercfe Francais is sponsoring a trip to...

 

 

—_

 

All members of the University
community are invited to on

ontreal!

INCLUDES
ROUND-TRIP
TRANSPOR-

 

 

Open Dialogue with

LEAVES CIRCLE

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l-‘ri. Murch 26. 3:00 530-0" with '"Xu- ’I'ATION '-

 28. [0:00 $35.00 without [ﬁngl‘    ‘

# I; r  Tonight 8 PM CC Assembly Hall ‘

a .

a t

T‘Ckets said in campus Center tabby  SPONSORED av FEMINIST c
t t L ALLIANCE

Feb. 23, 25, 26. 27 10 am to 2pm 3  .. 2

an ex first nt uuorlutlun
- It

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 24, 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE NINE

 

 

 
   

  

       

