   

    
    
 
   
   

 

Pr'h'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’e A-ﬂome‘ For Sancious Too

 

 

 

 

The record industry, second to none in the domination of our
youth-oriented culture, is geared toWard the masses—astronomical
sums are aimed at generating the contemporary breed of folk here—
the million seller discs, incessant air play, packed auditoriums in the
nation's largest cities from coast to coast.

by contrast, amidst all this hype, a unique’and select breed of
artists has emerged. Their names are by no means household words.
their mustc receives little if any A.M. air play, and their audiences are
confined to those with a level of musical sophistication which could
not posstbly extend to the prototypical adolescent, or forthat matter,
to the. middle-American family accustomed to the format of
entertainment offered on such variety. shows as. Tony Orlando or
qher. This small fraction of people has often been labelled, perhaps
rightfully so, as a cult.

These cult performers are the most fortunate of all, for they receive
a degree of respect and devotion unrivaled anywhere else. Such is the
case Withl’eter Frampton. His followers are acutely aware of his
keen musicianship, displayed so vibrantly as the lead guitarist with
llumble Pie, and of his writingand vocal abilities, which have earned
him the place as a headliner in his own rite. As with all artists of this
genre. their true medium is theconcert hall, where they are intimately
linked with the audience. the most integral component of their
careers.

At Friday night‘s concert at the Palace, performer and audience
were one. The breadth of Frampton‘s music is quite diverse, ranging
from a solo acoustic nature toan electric, f ull- bodied accompaniment
sound reminiscent of the hard rock bands of the '60‘s. His set was
both carefully and intelligently chosen. '

Filaying before a sellout crowd, Frampton was nonetheless able to
achieve an intimacy from the moment he stepped onstage. With his
band in the wings, he greetedthe audience as if all were old friends,
accompanying himself on the acoustic guitar as he played “All 1 Wang

 

 

 

 

     
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tobe (is by yourside)" and “Penny For Your Thoughts." After
ﬁziewng tgisamtial rapport, his keyboard player/guitarist Bob
uHaggaiiivrzjlxn’gjgg'backup vocals for another mellow piece,
In keeping constant with this I ' ‘
joined bythe rest of his band, bassisfgiﬁlegrgﬂTZZEZhSZr‘l‘i: the"
John Siomos, gradually building up an intensity onthc electric 
which peaked at the final number, "Do You Feel Like We Dgo "dr
'HlS superb guitar playing seemed almost second nature as. his
efforts were concentrated wholly upon his audience There are
tight bands, but this was a tight audience as well Fram 
poignant lyrics are ideally suited for the type of effeci he a hP "db
enabling him to express himself, rather than perform' C “we ‘
So many people '[gesturing toward the audience] '
I ' my family of friends. . ." ‘
{hernc rims;tgﬁuiornrgdshghzhf  p'erhaps pseudo-profound, but
. cert a ter ' '
demands total participation from ail concejr‘iziinibhtirli fi’gir‘iolii?baiid
.lijnd‘ his audience—and sustains it by means of perpetual eye contact
unfortunately, he favors the right side ofthe stage (unfortunat th' .
is, unless you happen to be sitting there). c, M
,hAs the fervency of the music increased, so did that of Ram ton
I?“ ospcis‘ses‘ses unfathomable quantities of energy. This is essential tti
...‘.n‘v..i..‘.;n§'"f§m'2°. 3551" 53541.2“? ‘°  “"d  
 ,. . "..ocarrtis ' "
lell :1 isnafl‘hsycr the stage, maintaining a 1:531 3i
‘  ' ’0 compare him withthe likes of Mi kJ'
or Jim Morrison. lronicull , ' H“ ' c bigger
a much more civilized vertiioiiisthrzifiotrlciaitf t‘blbrrlsriii‘iigtaiaCk Flasmm
M fl'il:::lt;s(;:s}approximation to Frampton in his natural habitat can
[italgwmn 0:212“ﬁshljfsgorflﬁisc' on the Add“ label, entitled
hoWchr, you've got to catch biliniindgtiirscociiiw this talented am“,

 

 

b .
PALMS 4A

photoe offs-ample»! by mark coleman
phone of ear-clone by phi! levy

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

reviewed by min I. cohen

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 3. 1976

 

L...—

A severe hardship befalls any band that must
perform an opening act. The Yes concert at
Roosevelt Stadium this past summer readily
comes to mind: as the backup band, Ace had to
put up with an unjustifiable amount of rudeness
and impatience. Under such circumstances, it is
difficult to assess a band‘s quality (or lack ofit).

Confronted with a similar situation in opening
for an overenthusiastic Frampton audience,
David Sancious and Tone performed remarkably
well. Since his break with Bruce Springsteen‘s E
Street Band, David has established himself as an
upper echelon jun. musician, earning the respect
of his peers, i.e.. Chick Corea, Stanley Clark, and
Lenny White (David guests on both White‘s and
Clark‘s latest LP's).

Having established himself as a fine keyboard
player with Springsteen, it was surprising to see
his prowess on the double-necked guitar (circa
Mahavishnu John McLoughlin), both in his
picking and slide work. More than adequate
accompaniment was provided by Ernest Carter
(also formerly with Springsteen) on the drums,
and by Jerry Carboy on bass.

Evidently, Stincious is attempting to build his
reputation on the basis of their most current
release, 'I‘rans/iirnm/imz. The pieces performed
came exclusively front this album, and the live
rendition was quite close tothc studio version, but
in a slightly faster tempo. Upon seeing him, the
effort and complexity involved became apparent,
especially with regard to his keyboard work. ‘Hc
utilized the synthesilcr to its fullest potential,
extracting melodies characteristic of the higher
order jam. bands.

The bass and drums were all that were necessary
to complement Sancious, and Carboy and Carter
ﬁlled the bill nicely. The former seemed to be
enjoying the music more than anyone—it was fun
watching his facial expressions correspond to the
perpetual variation involved in the music.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

BetWeen acts at the Palace, he was accessible
and willing to talk candidly. It would seemas if his
abilities had exceeded his contribution to
Springsteen‘s band, which was the major factorin
deciding to break off with his good friend. whom
he still sees several times a month. Not so, says
David. His abilities were ever-present, and he
could have picked up and formed a band at any
point during his association with Springsteen.
Playing with Bruce was the best means for
expressing himself at the time, and despite the
tremendous scope of his ability, did not feel at all
constrained by Springsteen's style.

As a potent factor in Springsteen’s
development, David‘s superb keyboard work is
present on all his albums. He first toured with
Bruce, however, after the release of his second
album; The Wild, The Innocent, and The ESIrcet
Shufﬂe includes“Kitty‘s Back,"which involves a
well-executed keyboard solo. David enjoyed
playing this more than any other arrangement
during his involvement with Bruce.

Forming his own hand, however. was
something he always had in mind, and
Springsteen was aware ofthis from the beginning.
Their relationship was of a very casual nature, and
the last thing Springsteen would do was bind him
by a contract. l’lc assisted David, in fact, in
forming his own band.

David's first solo effort, Forces! of Feelings,
served to establish himself as a key progressive
artist in the Northeastern region. “is current
release, ’li'mnforniulimz, further serves to
establish his full accomplishment. The title is
significant, he says, in terms of his present and
future endeavors, but bears no meaning in terms
of his break with Springsteen.

lf Sancious is able to muster some consistency
inthe quality ofsubscquent releases, and ifthey do
indeed showsome"Transformation." his days as a
backup act will be numbered. Ability like his is
reserved for the feature attraction.

  

 

 

 

