  
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

’pi"" 7' I!

g , singing of apathy

Totbamoe: ‘ ‘~—-~\

Now that Holiday Sing has passed. i'd'like
to announce the death of a poup that never
made it. ironically enough. our name was Best
of Friends although it scents we couldn't find
any friends on this campus. You see, in an
nouncing the death of Best of l-‘h‘endr, l‘m ac-
tually declaring student apathy as the it! killer
on the SUNYA campus. Maybe it‘s a
peaaimiat's' View of this campus. but after
many attempts. made in vain. at ‘gathering a
group of l5-20 people (through ASP grafﬁti
and classiﬁeds) an optimist quickly changes
outlook. l'd like to blame the lack of response
onthc factthatsometime during printing of an
ad, the ﬁrst digit of my phone number was

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters TYPE WRITTEN
to Albany Student Press, CC329. I400

Washington Avenue. The ASP will not
publish unsigned letters. Names will be
withheld on request. Keep those cards
and letters mining in. but remember:
'Hrevity is the soul of wit.’

 

IN THIS BICEUTEWIAL
YEAR THE 9
ARISES: HAD THE \
BOHB EXTSTEU ltd

 

 

UESTlOtU

feifi’er

able to pt’rn touch with me. had lac/she

' wanted to join our group.

To all of you who went to Holiday Singlast
year and the year before. we made our debut as
“4 pin 2 and Friends. doing “Dorothyin the
Land of Albany" in '73, and we were “Still
Friends" with “Tevye Comes to Albany" in
'74. and we took second and first places.
respectively. By the way, this year, to tie in
with the theme. we could havedone “Uncle
Ben's Converted” which promised ‘to' be
another winner. Oh well.

Debra H. Paget

food for thought

To the ﬁlter:

“Chicken or Swedish meatballs?“

Another scrumptious F.S.A. dinner. I think
to myself.“What would you like?“ says the girl
behind the counter.

“Chicken and beans without the potatoes,“
i hear myself saying.

Since it is busy and the line is increasing. the
girl replies. “Well. just take the plate and
throw the potatoes out.“

What a waste! Even thoughthe food isn't of
the highest quality it is still food and so much
is wasted in our quad cafeterias.

Students complain about the food. but do
they ever think of anyone else but themselves?
I myself voice numerous complaints about the
food we are served. and am guilty of my share
of wasting. Maybe once in awhile i should

‘ think of others who are less fortunate than i;

 

. hunger,|We can widen the definition of hunger

iii'hﬁtiahve
WV was 3096 .7

 

Hungerie nothi g new I Behind the over-
powering iniperao ‘ ‘

 

tia
people. real'people. auffering and‘dying. my:
do not have sufﬁcient resources that the rest of '

    
  
  

 

I take for granted to aatitfythe basic need'aof

a nutritionally adequate diet.» Today. 460'

million individuals are victims of acute

    

   

to include: those who get enough calories, but

not enough proteins or other essential.
nutrients and so cannot function at full capaci-
ty. Then the number of hungry people might
reach anywhere from one to two billion.

Most Americans have never experienced
hunger. To us, starvation is an abstraction.
We have never eitperienccd a lack of food.
never seen anyoit’e'ttarve, 'nor have we ex-
perienced the degradation of life brought
about by absolute poverty.

In the past famine had struck only isolated
areas: but in the 70’s it has touched Asia.
Africa and to a lesser extent Latin America.
Yet it still seems so far away from us in our safe
little worlds. Must it affect us directly before
we realize the real problem? Hunger—a “dis-
tnnt problem"—in Biafra. inthe Southwest. in
central New York State. in the South end of
Albany.

Are we actually too busy to care. or do we
choose not to be bothered? What can you do
about the hunger problem? Take the time to
ﬁnd out. The st atisitics above were taken from
the book Bread for the World by Arthur Sim-
mon. it provides an excellent starting point in
discovering what you as a student can do to
help.

Albany Chapter of the Northeast
Hunger Alliance

Linda Owens

Barry Berthaume

   

A Tlll5 l9 A M0
mice ll) in
T0 H #5 “WW
H76. ngEBRATE if:qu
RUITFUL
@5359 ours.
95$ka
(M WW
$057M
pp: new we ammo"
6 Tille
M E? Engm mince
Lsi: refine BETTER
Lam TO THE F
glCEWNAL U
new as an
MOT WK.
T
M‘STMGS.

Hi 9 em on m-

  
 

fgovern. 

  
   

' careeridoy

To the Editor: ' '

Students who would like first hand infor-
mation on careers in government may get it by
visiting the State University of NY at Albany
ballroom in the Campus Center on February
3rd or 4th. More than 25 federal, state and
county agencieswill have representatives there
from 9:30 am. until 4:00 p.m. to explain the
hundreds of career ﬁelds available to college
graduates. I

There are careers for every major from ac-
counting ~to zoology, and representatives at
the career day will explain what qualifications
an applicant must have. how applications are
made and positions ﬁlled, where the jobs are
located, training given, salary. etc. Represen-
tatives of the Armed Forces will also be pre-
sent to explain the programs available to
college graduates. including eligibility for
further education upon discharge from ser-
vice.

Many agencies offer carccr ladder positions
to qualiﬁed people. These positions offer in-
depth training and on thcjob experience with
promotions commensurate with the in-
dividual's progress.

So if you haven't made a ﬁnal decision on
where you will be working upon graduation.
these career days offer a chance to survey the
entire ﬁeld of government service at one time
in one place. For more information contact
the college placement ofﬁce.

George Decker
US. Civil Service Commission

 
     
 

 

 

 

5am!

 or it. 

 

 

Paeii'wsrva

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 23, 1976

 

 

.“Know cny’gut courses?" I

 .WESSIHAEA
~ his YOU. HENRY. 0g"? 

 

 

a

focus

TROUBLE‘

    

@1975 ﬁapzw <K

 

A Political Poke in the Chest

 

It is that time in American [lie when
everything takes on the tinge of politics and
political implications. Foreign policy is nocx-
caption, Undoubtedly the big l'orcign policy
issue on the campaign trail this yctll” will he:
Dealing With the Russians. The “in-thing"
seems to be to take a hard line.

After the debacle in Vietnam we more than
ever see it as necessary to envision our nation
as a tough virilc ﬁgure. It can be called thc
“John Wayne“ syndrome. That is perhaps why
cvcryonc scemsjust about ready and willinglo
give the Russians a black eye. The dominant
slogan seems to be ~ “you can‘t trust the
R ussians."

What is needed. though, is not a black eye.
but ll poke in the chest. A black eye inevitably
provokes a light. You poke someone in the
chest to get onc‘s attention; it causes one to
listen to what is being said.

Example: Those who think that we‘ve been
soft with Russia and feel that we‘ve been gcl-
ting the raw end ofthc dctcntc deal would ud-
vocatc standing upto the Russians in Angola.
It represents a testing ground of sorts. Why
should it be. though? Lcl's stay out so the
Russians can find out for themselves whnl it's
llkt: to sink in a quagmire. The more prudent
and diplomatic thing to do would he to: i.
(live the Soviets less of our goods. 2. Buy less
Russian trade items including oil. and 3. Take
a tougher bargaining stand at the SALTtalks.

Recently in the New York 'l‘ingcs columnist
William Salirc described the present period we
are now entering as Cold War 2. Dctcnte has
run its course and we are coming upon it new
period of cold relations with the Soviets.
Saﬁrc says there are three weapons we have
With which to fightthis Cold War: 1. The new
Wellpon of using our superior food supplies as
a source 0fthreat.2. The old weapon —- com-

 

' Druid image

4

pining out lc\cl\ ol nuclcur :umumcnls its i1
source ol threat. and 1. Hit: secrcl and most
pL‘l‘HISHL‘ \ycupon Ihc ycuiniug ol millions
ol pcoplc In any corner ol the world l'or
l'rcctiom and dcmocrucy.

Inherent ill the “new weapon" is friendship
and cooperation. it is the “poke inthe chest."
Exclntnge of wheat and other food stuffs un-
dcrlics it much broader exchange between the
Soviet Union and the United States. in an in-
tcrdcpcndcnl world cocxistcncc is not only a
necessity lor mitionul survivnl. but it is also a
hmldmg block to a lusting peace between the
superpowers.

l-ricndship is a two-way street. though. if
you do all the talking and giving. you never
know what the other party thinks of you. This
seems to be onc reason why dctcntc has come
under such lirc in recent months. it has been
said that what we perceive as concilinlion on
our pzirt. the Soviets perceive as weakness.
which they exploit witness their activities in
Portugal and Angola.

0

lhc place to really stand ﬁrm with the
Russians is not on it hulllcflcld. but I‘ltlllL'l'ill a
ncgoliution's table. We may not he the
policemen ol' the world anymore but we arc
the only nation in the world (besides China)
which is in the same league as the Soviet Un-
ion. ll we don‘t stand up to I Item and level with
them. who wtll‘.’ Slcp on their tnil a little and
one would but they‘ll pull it in. We're not talk-
ing about spilling blood in order to prove
ourselves to the world. We‘re talking about it
little tough talk, a little straight talk. if the
Soviets don't like it we can cut ol‘fthctradc we
send them. Let's see how long they can get
along without that and other support we give
them. In it coexistent world the Soviets need
us just as much as we need them.

 

 

 

 editorial / comm'e 
rn NAVIGATOR' '  ’

/§>mne tenthth positions

where once man a school
that was freezing,

— Nut pleasing!

57nt buses froze tun
Anti people tnrneh 111112

Ann (lino (Eaten saga
things won’t be easing

 

 

; ‘ A A v
gR NT
. ES
I51)! 'I‘ORIA L BOARD
DANIEL GAI Nrs
ELLEN WEISS
STEPHEN DerANxA
BETTY STElN

Eni'ron m ('Im'v

AsstsrAN't to 1m rnlrnu
MANAGING rnrron
Ntws union

 

 

 

 

 

 

ASSOCIATE Nizws unions ..... .. Dunn WlNZliLllERG. ANDREA Henzacsc. CVNDY HACINLI
l‘uomuuiou MANM'HI PATRICK MCGLYNN.
Assot'IArr l’llttllll("llt)N MANAGERS Lonisn MARKS. CAROL MCPliERSON. ELLEN FINE
timmtuAI. i-Anrs rnrrnn KEN WAX
Ants & litA'rivnrs rznl'rous ........................................ ..SPENCER RAGGIO. NAoMI FRIEDLANDER

NATHAN SALANT
MlKE PIEKARSKI
It‘an ALnnacrn. Les ZUCKERMAN
KEN Conn
DANIEL O'CONNOR

Svoa‘ts rm roa

AssoriAi'r svou'rs mirnn
AlH’Ht’llSINli “WAN-w
('1.Assir|ro-nuArrIrt MANAGER
llusINtss MANu'ru

 

 

STA FF MEMBERS
A, I' and ltltlltlt‘ News managers: Mathew Kaufman. Kim Sutton
I’rt'vtt'iv: Joycc Fcigcnhaum
(iruphitzi: Alnn Focrdcr. Francis Smith. Joseph Zubrovich
Iii/ling .«lt'i'ounlant: Susan Domres
l‘oA-tt'u/r I’tltl_|’ xlln'rn, Judi [Ir-inter. Marge Hogarth. Marc Leve
'l't't'ltturul t'tlitor: Sarah illumcnstock
('mnpoxitimt Itmuagt'r: Ellen Boiscn
Ill'lltl twist: Leslie Eisenstein
‘Ijv/iing: .luncl Adler. Carol llurger. Joan Ellswunh, Vicki Kurtzmnn, Tania Levy. Michele
Lipton. Debbie Ricger. Joan Silverhlatt
li't'lllllt‘dl .lltlff.‘ Rich Mcrmclstcin. Ellen Weiss
Administrative assistant: Jcrclyn Kaye
Advertising production rial]? Lisa liiundo. Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kiln, Heidi Bush
Photograph y: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year except
holidayu. Editorial policy is the rerparulbiltty of the Editor in Chief and subject to review by the
Editorial Board. Main ofﬁce.- CC 329; telephone: 457-R892. Funded by Student Association
Address mail to: Albany Student Putt. C C329, I40Q Washington Avenue. Albany. New York.

 

 

-., y,“ ,Qw‘4.mr.a1.'r‘pw~—sv.5§.“ﬁ‘ .. . v. ,_

 
  

