 

ialcapacity , icul y ‘ _ “ ' bachelors nd; mum 'progr‘m is s

_ed' cram: are .as‘seseedaa ng weak.
ral.‘_'and low in their potential for significant
on the public front. “

pie. _
The recommendations wrll havethe net result of r

’ holdingsteady Divrdonal faculty resources for
1976- .with an augmentation of seven to rtine
faculty lines or l977-78. (Also see our-tatemen't in
t el regarding the position Assistant

 

ct Committee last year raised questions
rog‘nm particularly at the MA. level.
questions about graduate student
_ q‘ . External consultants who recently visited
the African and Afro-Americans Studies
Department. however. were favorably impressed
with the academic program. They found the quality
of selected faculty members strong or potentially
strong when compared to similar programs
elsewhere and ' student quality adequate. In
comparing this department with other units in the
Social and Behavioral Sciences Division. the Task
Force noted that the instrttctional costs are highand
workloads are low.
Recommendation: In view ofthe depanment's light
workload. the Task Force recommends the
reduction of one line in 1976-77.
Department of Anthropology
The Anthropology Department has impressed IIII
external panel of evaluators with the excellence of
the graduate and undergraduate programs. the
superior scholarship ofthe faculty. and the quality
ofthe gradrtrrtc students. Workload ofthe facultyus
well as average instructional costs are moderate. In
the opinion of the Task Force. the Anthropology
Department hits the potential to achieve eminence
in Meso—American and Northeas - n Indian
culture. which are its areas of special atton.
Rt't'Ullllllt'lldtllftlll: The Task Force beltevesthat this
strong program can absorb a temporary reduction
without harm. and in view ofthe University‘s nccds.
recommends that a faculty line be borrowed from
the Anthropology Department in the academic year
1976-77. This line should be returned as soon as
resources permit. and the Department should be
considered for the increase of faculty lines in
another year or two.
Department of Economch
The Select Committee of 1975 noted the central
role of Economies in the University and the
department‘s steady progress in improving the
quality of the faculty under excellent leadership.
The Task Force concurs with this assessment and i n
its view it is urgent that this deparmcnt obtains some
immediate resource augmentation to strengthen its
programs. particularly at the doctoral lctcl. 'I‘Iris
discipline is in heavy demand. showing an
understalling of eight faculty members rtecordrngto
the Slate's budgeting formula. and it obviously has
the capacity to become a vital resource in the public
policy area. The appointment of top quality
economists in pertinent ﬁclds should benefit both
' the department's program and the University‘s
emphasis on a public policy orientation. While
student demand is quite high in the department. the
'I risk Force observed that average contact hours are
low. and suggests that the department continue its
efforts to readjust. workloads so that those faculty
not engaged in research compensate by carrying out
other departmental tasks.
It’r'i‘unmtviolation: The Task Force recommends the
addition of onclinein 1976-77 illldlllt! addition oftts
many as three lines it) 1977-73. By 1978-79 at the
latest this department's prog css in the directions
described above should be carefully assessed.
Geography
The Department of Geography faculty has the
potential for strength and productivity as well as a
significant public policy thrust in urban and
regional planning. Some ofthis potential is already
being realized in the scholarly productivity of the
junior faculty. External reviewers have found the
MA. program sound.the leadership very good.and
the physical resources excellent. While the
workload is stable. demand for courses by non-
majors is low.
Item/nnrendatlon: Because of the University's
ﬁnancial plight. the Task Force recommends that
one line should be borrowed front the department in
[976-77. to be returned in 1977-78. Consideration
should be givento augmentingthc faculty byahout
one line in l977-78. an action contingent upon
workload. financial resources. undlhe department's
progress in the area of public policy research and
service.

History

The History Department. with the advice of
outside consultants. has sharply deﬁned its program
as containing two main tracks: comprehensive
American History. and selective European History.
Any new lines. new faculty hired on turnover lines.
and present faculty must contribute to the
strengthening of these two tracks. in an effort to
establish unmistakany sound and distinctive
graduate and undergraduate programs in t his highly
central discipline.

Recommendation: in light ofthe prior commitment
of the President to the restoration of the History
l’h.l).. the Task Force concurs that two senior
faculty members of distinction should be added to
the department in l976-77. one in each of the
deﬁned program thrusts. In 1977-71itwo additional
lines should be used to strengthen the American
History and European Ilistory tracks: these
however should come from within the department.
particularly after a review of sub-programs which

PAGE 4A

‘om Its monomers and
t year‘s Select Committee

.to beﬁof average quality. .

They also noted pr ms of d ion and morale

in the dep , It. the new chair
efforts to improve thes ondttlon's.‘
‘ cej supports the “immediate,

addltoinal I V . , w
to improve programhqitality and to as'sure the

' soundness of its degree programs. particularly in

light of the fact that it Is now understaffed by more
"than 12 positions accordingto the State's budgeting
formula. We endorse the efforts of the new
chairman and the department to improvethe focus
ofthe program and to upgrade faculty and program
quality within the bounds of existingresources. The
Task Force is concerned that there may be a
duplication of resources among departments
offering Psychology courses in the University and
the department should consider reducing the
number of its ﬁeld specializations in order to
strengthen carefully selected ones.
Recommendation: The Task Force recommends
that the department gain one line in 1976-77 and
approximately one additional line in 1977-78. on the
basis or workload and centrality. There should be a
Graduate Academic Council review in l977-78 to
studythc department‘s progress in strengt heningthe
Ph.D. program with these additional resources and
the degree to which the criticisms of reviewers have
been met. before further resources are committedto
the department.

Department of Peurto Ric-n Studies

The Select Committe recommended last year
some reduction of resources in this department and
the conversion of the major to a second ﬁeld. The
Task Force ﬁnds that a critical mass ofstudcntsstill
has not been achieved and notes that the faculty. for
the main part. do not have the academic
backgrounds normally expected for University
faculty members. While the program is of vital
importance to those students its serves. and meets
on important societal need in this state. the low
student-faculty ratio and the high cost per credit
cannot be ignored in these times of ﬁscal
constraints.

Rm'ommemlutiun: The Task Force recommends
that the department he reduced by one litre in 1976-
77. and that the University consider cutting another
line in 1977-78 ifthc enrollments do not improve. If
the second reduction occurs. the major should be
converted to a second ﬁeld.

Department of Sociology

the Department of Sociology has high public
policy potential and there is strong student demand
lor Sociology courses. Last year the i'h.D. was
suspended in this department and Sociology now
has MA. and BA. programs only. Its very heavy
workload is primarily undergraduate. lftherc were
no ﬁscal constraints. we would recommend the
addition of lines simply on the basis or workload.
llut the Task Force doubts the wisdom of
committing new lines to Sociology until the
department defines its developmental strategy
clcurly.

[forumntwtrlalimr: No additional lines should be
allocated in 1976-77 but upproximutlcy two flL'lA
lines should be added in l97'l-7li conditional upon
the department‘s developing it'l acceptable plan for
improvement. The developmental plan must focus
the department‘s energies onclcttrlyuttainnblc goals
for upgrading faculty quality. scholarship, and
research in ways which take .tdvnnttrge of the
department‘s location in Albany. The quality ol
faculty appointments and the implementation ofthe
developmental plan should be carefully monitored
in order to ctrsurc the needed improvements. The
department should be formally rcvicwcd ztgnin by
the Graduate Academic Council in I‘l7li-79to assess
tllc viability of the graduate program and the
effectiveness of the changes itr the department. In
the mcutrtimc. thc doctoral program should remain
suspended at least through 1977-78.

Asian Studtoa ‘

The Asian Studies Program is an
interdisciplinary ii.A. program which draws upona
number of Departments for its resources. but uses
no independent litres. The Task Force recommends
continuance of the program.

Environmental studies

l‘bc I975 Select Committee futttld that the
Faculty-initiated Specialization of Environmental
Studies within the interdisciplinary mttjor was too
fragmented and diffuse to provide the specilization
expected itr Enviruncnrntal Studies. The Task Force
concurs with this judgment. while recognizing the
strong societal couccrtr for environmental
problems. Present ﬁnancial constraints simply do
not permit the rrllocation of resources necessary to
expand the program at the present time and there is
a clear need to develop a carefully orchestrated
effort for its future development when funds allow
It't't'tltttIllt'tltllllirtll! The Task Force recommends the
termination of the Environmental Studies program
with coneommitant red action in faculty and support
resources. We hope that a study will be made to
determine how such a program might be organized
utilizing existing departments. with an appropriate
designation as an undergraduate or graduate
program or both. Until such a time. students with an
interest in environmental studies cart continue to
pursue study in existing courses offered by several
departments.

Inter-American Studies

The Inter-American Studies BA. and the Latin
American Studies M.A. programs draw their
faculty resources from a number of dcpartmcntsin
the social sciences and humanities. The program is
of satisfactory quality. and last year's Select
(‘ ' ’ ' its ' despite
its extremely low enrollment.

Recummendutimr: in view of further resource
limitations. the Task Force recommends the
termination of the Inter-American Studies B. A. and
the Latin American Studies M.A.. with the .67
faculty line now committed to the program to be
returned to the Department of Hispanic and Italian

teacher in the secondar

- The program is coordt

' history department. . ,, .
Recommendatlun- We recommend continuation of
the program with no change In resources.

Dlvldon of Sciences and Mathematics

The Division of Sciences and Mathematics holds a
position.of centrality in the University. In an age of
increasingly complex technology. the eontn buttons
and importance of science cannot be overload "1
an institution with university center status. .

An important characteristic of the Divrston is the
strong interdependence among the seven
departments and the Atmospheric Science Research
Center. Research and teaching in Physia is based
primarily on mathematical analysis and
quantitative conceptualization. Biology depends on
chemistry. and vice versa. Increasingly the
boundaries between ﬁelds in the sciences are being
blurred or eliminated completely. This fact plays an
important role in our analysis of the individual
departments.

The departments in the Divsion range in quality
from adequate to excellent. Each has signiﬁcant
strength. By preserving strength where it already
exists and building onthis strenth where it is feasible
with the addition of modest resources. we feel that
the research and teaching programs in the Division
particularly at the graduate level. can be
signiﬁcantly expanded and improved.

0n the other hand. the university is faced with a
severe fiscal mandate for 1976-77. If the state‘s
budgeting formulucfwllich allocate faculty to the
University according the FTE student enrollment
by level of instruction) were applied to the division.
it would be funded for44fcwer positionsthan it now
has. We recognize that good science requires a
heavy investment and we are loath‘tojeopardize the
quality of the programs in this division. The Task
Force concluded that a few fncultylines(pcrlraps 10
or ll) could be removed from this division inordcr
to meet the immediate constraints for 1976-77. We
have recommended that three or four of these be
returned in [977-78.

The departments in this division are encouraged
to examine the need for all existing areas of sub-
specialization to ensure that availableresourccs are
utilized in the most efﬁcient manner possible.
Faculty (I S DR) Support for the Division of
Sciences and Mathematics

Given the complex and highly technical and
specialized nature ofthe disciplines inthis Division.
it is natural to expect that a substantial number of
technical specialists are necessary to carry out the
programs. However. the Task Force. when
reviewing the functions of the Divsion. notcd areas
of possible duplication and overlap. For example.
there are several purchasingagcnts undthe Division
maintains a number of maclrincand repair shops. in
other cases. apparent overlap exists with other areas
of the University. such as the Educational
Communications Center. This does not mean that
reductions are possible in all areas of apparent
overlap. But in reviewing personnel lists. the
committee concluded that at least ﬁve and as many
as 7-8 non-secretarial lines might be reduced in these
areas over two years. Some ofthese lines may come
from the Division and some may come from other
areas of apparent overlap on the campus. (Also see
our'stutcmcnt in the general section regarding the
position Assistant to Chairperson.)

The Division has It favorable facultyclassificd
ratio but seven of tile classiﬁed staff are tron-
scCI‘cltlrlill personnel. The [risk Force believes that
no more than one secretarial position could he
reduced from the Divsion in 1970-77 without a
detrimental effect on departmental operation.
Department of Astronomy and Space Science
The PM). and MS. programs of the Astronomy
and Space Science Department were terminated in
1975. Retrcnchment actions taken last year will
result in only one faculty member remaining in the
Department beginning in the 1976-77 academic
year.

H With these previous decision as our context. the
lnsk l'orcc analyzed the feasibility of offering the
ILS.‘ degree in Astronomy with only the single
professor who will remain. supported by other
departments in the Division such as Physics and
Mathematics. We believe that continuation of the
BS. degree will drain off resources from other
departments which could be used more effectivelyto
support other ongoing programs. We do not expect
enrollments in the BS. program in Astronomy to
reach a critical mass within acceptablecostcffective
levels. particularly in the absence of an Astronomy
faculty.

:Ilte' Tits/v Force recommends that the ES. program
In Astronomy and Spare Science be terminated. and
that l/Ir.‘ remaining faculty and support pos/tlons
usst'ugt'd In Astronomy Ire withdrawn In 1977-78.
Deperrnent of Atmospheric Sciences

Ihe Department of Almosphcreic Sciences has a
qualified. productive faculty which has been
successful in attracting external support. Their low
luculty workload is somewhat tempered bylhc fact
that the Department has the highest percentage of
graduate enrollments in the Division of Sciences
and Mathematics. The presence ofthe Atmospheric
Sciences Research Center on campus would be
expected to enhance the effectiveness of both the
Department and the Center. Howevrr. problems
appcar 'to exist which have prevented substantial

of these potential beneﬁts. Strongcfforts
should be made to overcome whatever barriers exist
and to increase collaboration and coo rative
acttvttlcs. Fuller. more active cooperation Etwcen
the Department and the Research Center will
provide more teaching capacity for the Department
mil! infrcascd research opportunities for graduate

en s.

ALBANY STUDENT-PRESS

. Pol
ng in Atmospheric
her departments In the
1-. k, Force recommends the
rte on twogllnes from the Department in
1976-71 and‘no change in 1977-78. '
D V ' olllol Sclencee

The . Biology Department has a faculty of
signiﬁcant quality as a result of strong leadership
and a National Science Foundation Departmental
Dwelopment Award. To fulﬁll the obligations of
this award. it is necessaryforthe Department to add
three additional lines over the next three years.

While recognizing the obligation that the
university incurred when acceptingthe development
grant. the Task Force is concerned about adding
three scarce lines' to Biology without careful
consideration within the Department of a
development plan for the future. We therefore
recommend that the Biology Department be
required to submit a fully developed plan for: i) the
use of the new faculty resources they will acquire. 2)
more effective internal review and allocation of
workload assignments. and 3) possible reduction in
the number of subspecialties represented within the
Department. so as to focus efforts on fewer areas
managed more effectively.

Recommendation: The Task Force recommends
that one line be“borrowed“ from Biology in 1976.
In I977 the borrowed line should be returned to
Biology. and one of the three new lines required to
fulﬁll the National Science Foundation obligation
should be given to the Department.

Department of Chemletry

The Chemistry Department has notable strength
in some areas and with the addition of It
distinguished senior faculty member. coupled with
careful appointment and tenure decisions. can
become a strong department overall in a rcltlli\cl_v
short time. The Department‘s efforts to attract
highly qualiﬁed graduate students and additional
external funding should be continued and
intensiﬁed.

The Task Force recognizes that the Chcllllsil)
Department's I’h.D. program was placed on
probationary status by the State Education
Department last year. The program will be rcr icwcd
again in l977-78. We believe that Chemistry mil
rcccivc unconditional approval in the next Slit).
review if present improvement efforts are
continued. and we wish to support those efforts.
However. in view of the Department‘s prt'sclrt
workload and relatively low graduate enrollments.
we helicvcthat expandingthe size ofthe facullycrtn
be deferred. -

Rr't'omnremlalioit: Thc Task Force recommends
that one line be borrowed from Chemistry in 1976-
77. In I977-7li the borrowed line should be returned
and approximately 1 5 additional lines allocated in
Chemistry.

Department of Computer Science

In view of the increasing use of the computer in
vinually every arts and science discipline and
professional ﬁeld represented on the Albany
campus. a strong program in Computer Science
would be an imponant asset to this University.

It cannot yet be said that wc have a strong
Computer Science Department and program. but
the Department has been greatly strengthened in the
recent past by new leadership and the addition 01
junior faculty with especially good qualiﬁcations.
Th6 Department is also making excellent use ol
pan-time faculty positions by attracting top-flight
computer scientists from local industrial and
research organizations.

Workload in the Computer Science Department.
measured by FI'E students per faculty member. Is
the highest in the Division and amongthe highest in
the University. due to very large enrollments in
introductory. lower division progratnnring courses.
Much of this load is appropriately carried by
teaching assistants. Further additions to the facility
would help to strengthen the new Computer
ScienccApplicd Mathematics BS. program. which
the Department has developed with the
Mathematics Department. and Would help to
strenthcn the MS. program. which already llits
more FTE graduate students than any Ullch
department in the Division except Biology.
Workload. however. is not the solecriterion used by
the Task Force with respect to this department. Irr
our view. the department has a particularly crucial
role in supporting many programs on this campus.
especially those heavily committed to research.
Thus, immediate assistance in faculty resources is
needed here.

Recotnuremia/ion: The Task Force recommends the
addition of one litre in 1976-77 and approximntley
one additional line in 1977-78.

Department of Geological Sciences

External evaluators ratcthc Geology Department
as one with manifest facultystrength. particularlyin
the area of plate techtonics. Will) an additional
faculty member in the area of physical geology. the
Department will be ina position to provide doctoral
trumtng of excellent quality and breadth. The
primary needs of the Department are increased
graduate student enrollments. support for these
students. and an infusion of external support. All of
these goals are being pursued actively by the
Department.

Recommendation.- In view of present fiscal
constraints. we recommend that the consideration
of one additional faculty line for Geology be
deferred until 1977-78.

Department of Mathematics

This Department owes its excellent reputation to
strength in theoretical or "pure" nuttltctnnties.

In recent years the desirability of developing
nn’applled mathematics component has become
evrdent because of contributions which this area
could make in a variety of daiciplines represented on
the. Albany campus. Progress in this direction.
which we view favorably. is reﬂected in the
development of the joint undergraduate program
With the Computer Science Department and a five-
year B.S.M.B.A. program with the Sclroul of
Business. However. we feel that added efforts to
strengthenthc applied area are needed. Such a shift
in emphasis will be difﬁcult within the constraint of
faculty resources presently allocated to tire
Department. but may help to alleviate the current
problem of very low graduate enrollment.

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

 

Y reel nte.
Recommendation In the immediate (more. it
appears to-ghe Tull Force that the Mathematics
Department. because of its largeth and the small
number. of uaduate students. can manage with a
slight diminution of resources more effectivelythan
smaller. less fully developed departments.
Therefore. we recommend a reduction of one
lilaculty'posltion in I976-77 and no change in I977-
Department of Physics

The Physics Department has a faculty of mixed
quality. .with excellence in certain areas. but
signiﬁcant weaknesses in others. To build the
Department to a position of over-all strength would
require the commitment of relatively large amounts
of faculty resources at intermediate or senior levels.
Current ﬁscal constraints make it unlikely that this
could be done in the immediate future.
Recommendation: in view of the modest size of the
graduate program and the relatively low
studentfaculty ratio. the Task Force recommends
the elimination of one faculty position in 1976-77,
and approximately one in 1977-78.

School of Education .

The Task Force. in its consideration of the School
of Education. was aware of the School‘s efforts to
restructure its academic and programmatic
organization. The Task Force wishes to commend
the . School‘s efforts to make better use of its
resources. and to integrate related academic
functions. The proposed reorganization of the
School includes: a newly formed Department of
Teacher Education which is to have responsibility
for all programs. from the undergraduate to the
doctoral level. field of teacher education; and a
newly formed Department of Policy. Program and
Institutions which will incl udc major components of
the existing departments of Educational
Administration. Curriculum and Instruction.
.-. - r (- - - , :- . ~ of
Education. The second feature ofthe reorganization
is a consolidation of the six present doctoral
programs into two: a school-wide I'h. D. degrceund
a school-wide Ed.D. degree. These developments in
the School of Education are the result ofan internal
study of school-wide reorganization (the SCORE
report) and are consistent in many ways with the
recommendations of last year‘s Select Committee.
The Task Force recommends a review of the results
ofthe reorganization and the use ofthe resources in
1977-78.

At the present time of the School of Education
(apart from those in physical education) includes
about 104 bttdgctd FTE faculty. 13 percent of the
total for the campus. Much tothcir credit. overtwo-
thirds of the enrollments generated bythcse faculty
are ill the graduate level and with a u ‘ ‘ ' y
ratio of about I4. the school's workload accounts
for 35 percent ofthis campus‘ graduate enrollment.

In looking at the future of the University. the
Task Force is concerned about the University-wide
balance of resources. We came to the reluctant
conclusion that 13 percent of this campus‘ faculty
resources is too large a proportion to be placed in
any one professional school. and the School of
Education must face an over-all reduction in the
level of its resources in the next five years. Because
of the State's severe financial constraints. the
School of Education should concentrate its
resources on (I) graduate programs which prepare
potential leaders of education. and (2) research and
scholarship.

Because of the shifts in structure presently
developing. we will not comment separately on all
individual programs now offered within the School
of Education.

Speciﬁc Rur'onnnwulallonr

l. The Task Force rccnmmcndsthat the School of
Education reduce its programs in professional
teacher cducrttion. In making its recommendation.
the Task Force was concerned about the balance of
resources University- wide. and about the long-term
decline in tire demand for secondary school
teachers. Despite its proud history in teacher
education. the School must shift its resources. as
societal needs change and as the University
rearranges its priorities. Recognizing the
complexities ufsuch a major change. the Task Force
recommends that the School prepare a plan for
implementation which follows the spirit of this

change. The President should appoint this ormnotllcr

Task Force to review the plunforimplcmcntingtllis
recommendation. The Plan for implementation
should be constrained by the followingcouditiotui:

a) Reduction in professional teacher education or
in selected subﬁclds which reduces I’l'E faculty in
this area by about ten persons. The ﬁrst stage in
reduction would be about three lines in 1977-78.

b) A greater emphasis on research and public
policy concerns.

c) Submission of the plan by May 1. I976.

2. Programs in Speech Pathology and Audiology
address themselves to important social needs and a
program in this field which operates at a high level
of research and sclrolarhip is appropriately placed in
a University Center. I-Iowevcr. last year‘s Select
Committee raised questions about the quality and
viability of the graduate program and
recommended conditional continuance. The
recent’ external evaluation indicated that
continuation of the existing programs would
require a revamping ofthe curriculum. the building
of a research component. upgrading of personnel.
and more cooperation among members of the
department. Moreover. the consultant's report
stresses that the appropriate preparation for speech
pathologists is at thc graduate level. and they raise
serious questions about the viability of the
undergraduate program at Albany.

Any clinical program is costly relative to others.
To bring the present bachelors and masters
programs to the scope and quality required would
necessitate the infusion of additional resources
which are not available now and are unlikely to be
available In the next several years. Regarding other
Speech Pathology programs in New York State.
there are a proximately four such programs 111
SUNY an two in private colleges Upstate
(including one locally at St. Rose). inadditiontotbe
seven or eight programs Downstate.

Therefore. we recommend the termination of the

FEBRUARY 24, 1976

gy’fand Audiology Dyer the next
fecal

y
retrenched beginning with the removal of one line in
1976-77. about two lines in l977-7l. and additional
lines In future years consistent withcommitmem to

3. TheTesk Force recommends the termination .
of the ofﬁce practice component of the‘preeent
Department of Strainers Education. Thefunctlonof
this component is not consistent with the priorities
This means the reduction of
approximately ﬁve lines in 1977-73. The officeskllle
component of the undergraduate program will have
to be acquired elsewhere by students. ‘

4. Because of the stringent budgetary conditions
for 1976-77. approximately three additional lines
should be taken from the school. The Foundations
of Education Department should lose one line
staningin 1976-77; and two turnoverlineafor I976-
77 (one from Education Psychology and one from
Curriculum and Instruction) should remain unﬁlled
for the year. to be returned the following year if

d surrender ofthe 1.75 aim
allocated to the dean's office, 0.75 lines in 197577

School of Educationl I DR Support

Faculty-Classiﬁed and Faculty-Professional ratios
appear reasonable given the complex operations of
the School (graduate admissions. graduate records.
degree and certiﬁcation clearance. off-campus
programs. heavy graduate component). However.
the internal reorganization of the School should
result in a more efﬁcient use of classiﬁed and
professional resources. with some reductions in time
allocated to department administration. Tile
Committee feels that it is premature to judge the
School‘s needs during this transition period and
recommends that a thorough review be made of
classiﬁed and professional resources in 1977. In the
meantime. it appears that the School (including
physical education) conld be reduced by about two
classified positions without undue hardship. Some
areas of the School might be able to operate with
only part-time clerical assistance and we
recommend that some full-time lines be converted

The professional staff of the School appears
dedicated and hard-working Foragraduateschool.
the Faculty-NTP ratio is barely adequate. Pending
the Schools‘s reorganization and an assessment in
1977 of administrative need. we recommend that the
School he reduced by no more than one-half of a
professional line in 1976-77.

Other Professional A Graduate Schools
in many respects. the uniqueness of the

universities. rests on the character and quality of its
graduate schools. Most of these schools are of high
quality and have signiﬁcant potential for addressing
mint issues of public concern. With a few
exceptions. the professional schools relate primarily
to professional practice in their res pectch areas and
conduct their teaching and research in a problem-
oricnted. rather than discipline-oriented fashion.

scholarship which are similar to those met by the
academic dcpanmcnts in the disciplines. In the
irrdgment of the Task Force the professional and
graduate schools at Albany meet this test.

We recommend that the quality of these
programs be maintained and cnchanced. We are
concerned that every school. except for Nursing. is
understaffed. If the State's budgeting formula

enrollment by level) were applied to the graduate
and professional schools (excluding nursing) they
would have at least 73 more faculty than they now
have. The degree of uudcrstafﬁng has become more
severe each year. and raises a question about the
long term equity of asking these faculties to
continue hearing more than their share of the
campus workload. The Task Force recognizes that
much of the increasing enrollment pressures on the

'c ion schools are due to recent shifts in student
It is clear that far more students
have specific career and vocational goalstodaythan
wns true a few years ago.

Even though most programs in this group are
given a high priority for future resources. the Task
Force found it difficult to recommend 1976-77
resource additions except in the most compelling

. 3 However. for 1977-78 the Task Force has
recommended that adding about nine faculty
excluding the reductions in Education and Nursing

The 1975 Select Committee found the School of
Business strained to the utmost to meet demands at
the undergraduate and graduate level. They also
singled out the two-year MBA. degree program as
highly innovative and the MS program in
accounting as responsive to heavysocietal demands.
The Task Force concurs in these assessments. If the
State budgeting formula was applied to this school.
it would have over 25 more faculty than it now has.
The School should develop its graduate programs.
while carefullly controlling its underyaduate
enrollments. New faculty should be appointed who
are well trained to do public research. and the
proportion of graduates to undergraduates should
be steadily increased over time.
Recruitment/atlulu: In order to augment the
the Task Force recommends
lines be added to the School in
1977-78. Faculty should be recruited who have a

c policy issues. In 1978-79.
cw of the School's progress in
increasing its scholarly productivityits public policy
components rind its progress in increasing the
proportion of graduate students. to determine
whether ttdditionul resources are appropriate.
School of Criminal Justice

External evaluators atrd a recent national Itudy
have rated the School of Criminal Justice as among
the top two in the country. The presence of e

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 ufsuch
substantl. y‘, othe
,Uni fy , at

Albany. Moreover. on School
[CM one of ties University's
units for. public policy research and ism
important public service. Ukema'tzyofthe'aduate
schoole on, tho ,eampus. Of all Justice is.
undentalfg ed on a strictly fornnde bed '

I.
nnnen’ddlan: The Tuk'For‘ce hopes that the

Reco

School will eordinue to expand its, doctoral
enrollntente’. and we recommend the addition of
approximately one line in. l977-7I. in support of
moral expansion and public policy much and

CC. »
Criminal Justice I A DR Support: To bring its
faculty-classified ratio more in balance with'othera
on this campus and with the national norm. the
School of Criminal Justice should be reduced by
one secretarial line in I976-77.
School at Library and tntormﬂon Sciatica

The Library School has a long-standing
reputation for quality education in librarianship at
the graduate level. With the advent of the computer
age and the shrinking of the market for traditional
librarians. the School has recognized the necessity
to provide a strong component of instruaion in
Information Science. The Task Force encourage
the School to make vigorous d‘forta to develop in
this are. New thrusts in Information Science and
the improvement of students' ﬁeld experiences
could be developed by more aggressive
collaborative efforts with units such as the
University Library. the School of Education. the
School of Business. and the Department of
Computer Science.

Recommendation: The Task Force concurs witbthe
Select Committee‘s recommendation that one line
should be reduced, and in addition. one line should
be borrowed in 1976-77 because of ﬁnancial
constraints. The borrowed line should be returned
promptly with the strengthening of the School's
Information Science r o ' "
change is recommended in the level of I & DR
support for the School.

of Nursing

The School of Nursing at Albany. which opened
in 1967. is now at a critical crossroad concerning its
future direction in the University Center. The
School currently offers a 3.8. degree program
which enrolls high quality students and has In
excellent placement record.

The Select Committee last year when reviewing
this program stated that the School of Nursing
should be expanded to the master's level. since “a
program of this kind in a university center
appropriately includes a graduate component.’The
need for a master‘s program arises from the shortage
of nursing personnel who have the necessary
educational background to provide leadership in
health planning and administrative areas.

As a result of the Select Committe'eI's

a o
distinguished experts in nursing and health care
reviewed the feasibility of the establishment of a
master's program in Nursing. At their initial
meeting in November. the outside consultants
recognized that the role and direction of nursing
education must be viewed within the context of the
University Center. particularly in light of current
ﬁscal constraints. They noted that Nursing is one of
the most expensive undergraduate programs at the
University. placingthe cost closetothat ofdoctorai
level instruction in other university programs. The
State does not fund the program according to a
special liberal :formulapresently applied to other
health science programs in the SUNY system.

The outside conslultants also expressed the belief
that ifthc University continued to offer the Nursing
program. the program should be one of distinction
and uniqueness. and that the development of sucha
program might well require modiﬁcations in the
character. mission and operational functions ofthe
present School of Nursing.

The Task Force when reviewing the program
concluded that a master's program must be
developed if the School is to continue at Albany.
Financial support for such a program from outside
sources cannot be depended upon and even if
available would be contingent on maintenance of
the high cost undergraduate program. Even the
maintenance of the undergraduate program would
require better physical facilities which would
necessitate allocation of additional resources. and
the addition of a master's program would require
upgrading of the faculty as well as new ﬁnancial
commitments. Given the current and future
anticipated fiscal restraints and the necessity for
making hard choices among competing priorities.
the Task Force believes that the University cannot
commit the substantial additional resources to the
School of Nursing which would be needed to
maintain the undergraduate program and to
develop a master's program.

The Task Force was acutely conscious of the
signiﬁcant social need that is being met by the
School of Nursing. Before reaching any conclusion,
we considered the needs of our region. gathered
relevant information about the availability of
training programs for nursing personnel. and tried
to assess the possible future demand for nursing
professionals. There are now several programs in
this region which prepare nurses and which havethe
capacity for further expansion. Both Russell Sage
College and Skidmore College offer the BA in
nursing and the Albany Medical Cemer has a
developing program as well as the uuthorityto offer
the MA in nursing. In addition. there are other
nursing programs in the SUNY system. at SUNY
Binghamton. Buffalo. and Stony Brook.
Recommcrrrlutlan: The Task Force therefore
reluctantly recommends that the undergraduate
program in Nursing be terminated. The progrum
should be phased out over a four-year period ending
in 1979-80. in order to fulfill the University’s
commitment to students currently enrolled. To
begin the phasing out of the program. the Task
Force recommends the reduction of one facultyline
in 1976-77 and about three lines in 1977-78. In
addition. two lines for professional support staff
and one line for secretarial asaietanca should be
withdrawn in 1976-77. Reductions in future years
should be consistent with the University’s
commitment to cturent students. The Task Force

vlt' alti- .
proyem. tacking .liv toctl.
Force. shares these ' _

department. we see the obviou
Political Scion to serveth state

1’
the department Ia dosing rador
in quantitative analysis and pit.
their reeentappnlntneats. and
use term renewal lines In areaustostreeur
public poll
Recomm tom: The 1' Force
no facility additlm- for the "76-77 aeedendcrl.
and the addition of about ooefaculty line for S77-
78. if the departmat‘a workload and pro.-
toward the shave goals warrant each anion.

W -

The Select Committee eturaqerieed the
Department of Public Adndtdetutlon as onewhoee
good quality caduate degrees are in blﬂt and;
growing demand. Preseme there are 11 fewer
faculty members than called for under the We
budgeting formula. The departure ll taking
advantage of its favorable location near the State
Capitol and has been increasineg successfrd in
obtaining external research yams. F y
productivity is generally good and relied! the”
applied nature of public administration. Moreover.
the D.P.A. degree of this Department is unique to
the SUNY system. Recommendation In viewd’ the
important public policy role this department plays
and its potential for even larger strides in this
direction. as well as its heavy workload. the Task
Force ‘ the addition of approximately
two faculty lines in the academic year 1976-77.
About two more lines should be added in 1977-78
should workload. student demand. and public
wicy development warrant such additions.

ILIC AFFAIRS PROGRAM

The Public Affairs Prop-m in the Graduate
School of Public Affairs meets a specialized need
among selected graduate etude I. while using a
minimum of resources. Recommendations Since
no specific resources are being consumed by the
program. the Task Force recommends continuation
of the program. Graduate School of Public
Affairs—l & DR Support: To bring ite
faculty/classiﬁed ratio more in balance with others
on this campus and with the national norm. the
Graduate School of Public Affairs should be
reduced by three datsiﬁcd positions over the next
two years (two in 1976-77 and one in 1977-78).
SCH ‘L OF SOCIAL WELFARE

The acuity and program of the School of Social
Welfare are important to the University. especially
in view of theft rdevance to public policy problems.
There is great etuded‘d d for programsinthis
ﬁeld. Social Welfare gal-rant”. particularly those
completing the Master of deal Work program. are
well trained and in high demand:

Workload in the School of Social Welfare is high.
especially at the undergraduate level. In order to
further strengthen the faculty's graduate teaching
and research activities. the school should act ﬁrmly
to reduce its commitments at the undergraduate
level. as recommended by last year‘s Select
Committee. Recommendation: The Task Force
supports the School's present efforts to upgrade a
faculty line for 1976-77. In addition, werecommend
the addition of approximately two faculty lines in
1977-78. provided that the new faculty have a strong
commitment to scholarly research which addresses
public policy issues. Social Welfare I A DR
Support: To bring its faculty] classiﬁed ratio more
in balance with others on this campus and with the

ational rorm. the School of Social Welfare should
be reduced by one secretatial line in 1976-77. In
addition. the School has the lowest faculty/NTP
ratio on the campus and should be reduced by
approximately one professional position in 1977-78.
ALLEN COLLEGIATE CENTE

Following the recommendation of last year‘s
Select Committee. the University has begun the
phase-out of the Allen Center and its undergraduate
major. In view of the termination of this program.
there will be further reductioninreaources for I976-

77.
EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
PROGRAM

The EOP program has been effeaive in helping
disadvantaged and minority students move toward
completion of an undergraduate degree. The Task
Force recommends that the professional staff of the
EOP program continue at its present level of
resources. Due to the severe budget reductions
mandated by the State, however. we recommend
that one classiﬁed position be reduced from EOPin

[976-77.
COLLEGE OF GENERAL STUDIES

The Task Force concurs with the assessment of
last year's Select Committee: The College of
General Studies provides importaru educational
opponunities for non-matriculated students who
engage in pan-time study on a credit or non-credit
basis. From 105 to 110 undergraduate credit bearing
courses are made available in the late aternoon andI
evening hours. Approximately l.100 students
per semester take advantap oft heee otferinga which
generate 475 FI'E's. In addltton. the College
arranges for a large variety of non-credit courses
which range from cultural and aesthetic experiences
to workshops for speciﬁc groups of professional.
These non-credit activities produce approximately
$250,000 a year and to a large extent are self-
sustaining

The staff includes the dean. two teaching
positions. 3.5 professionals and 3 classiﬁed.
Another 2 Fri! lines are supported through IFR
accounts. The college anivitee have been steadily
increasing; student enrollments in «edit bearing
courses are increasing at a rate of approximately
eight percent a year.

Currently. a request for a IA. is before the
Undergraduate Academic Coundl. Apparatuly,
such a program. if approved. could be undertaken

PAGE 5a

 

 

 

