    

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

he”: a

Freedom In Sightl

Credit is due the Administration, Residence Coun-
cil, and Inter-Fraternity Council for their work in re-
vising the policy concerning the visiting of frater-
nity houses by women of the college, which goes into
effect on a trial basis today. Unquestionably, the
plan represents a sincere intent to lift outmoded re-
strictions, and, for that reason, we welcome it as a
long overdue step in the right direction. A few ques-
tions came to our mind, however, in examining the
policy. _

Who or what is on trial? We hope that it is the
policy’s workability insofar as the convenience of the
fraternities and women is concerned, not the trust-
worthiness of those who will use it. If it is the for-
mer, all well and good. Any new program should be
subject to examination and revision, if necessary,
after trial. If it is the latter, we object!

Regardless of the basis, the policy undoubtedly will
that thought in mind we recommend that revision
come up for review at the end of the semester. With
which will complete the job be made this time. We,
for one, think that the students of this college are to
be trusted to govern their own actions—especially un-
der a program where abuse by one would very prob-
ably mean restriction to all. Why should women's
visits to fraternity houses be any more closely re-
stricted or supervised than men's visits to women’s
group houses. We Wonder . . . Why such a cautious
approach? ? ?

More Weaknesses

In the last issue of the News we discussed in this
column what we considered to be a matter of pri-
mary importance in the consideration of the revision
of the present system of SA government—the need
for centralization of responsibility and authority in
matters of finance. Herein we take up a second phase
of. our government wherein clarity of purpose and
centralization of authority are equally lacking, name-
ly the judicial department.

We believe that Student Association needs a truly
judicial body, that that body should be empowered to
treat, upon request and upon its own initiative, all
matters of a judicial nature arising within SA, and
that that body should be a court existing for the
purpose of trying all cases and interpreting all meas-
ures coming out of SA and SA organizations. We do
not have such a body at present. Myskania, regard-
less of any desire it may have to become fully judi-
cial, does not have the power or extent of power it
needs to perform the duties of a fully judicial organ
of government. On the other hand, it has duties
which are time consuming and have no bearing on
judicial matters.

We find the following weaknesses in our SA con-
stitution regarding the judicial branch:

1. Our present judiciary has as one of its duties
acting as tellers in all SA and class elections. What,
conceivably, is judicial in the counting of ballots? The
Constitution provides for an Election Commission to
govern pre-vcting activities. Is it not logical that this
body should handle and be responsible for all mat—
ters concerning elections?

2. Myskania is, at present, empowered to interpret
“the Constitution" (the SA Constitution, we will as-
sume). We maintain that this power is virtually use-
less if it cannot also interpret the constitutions of
organizations under the SA budget and declare clauses
which conflict with the larger constitution invalid.
This power is now to some extent vested in Student
Council, which, according to the Constitution is an
executive body, but which also has power to initiate
legislation. “To require changes in the constitution;
of organizations receiving support through the stu-
dent Association budget" and “To approve or veto
changes in these constitutions" implies and presup-
poses interpretation.

3. Student As.o::iation passes a law. A question
arises as to what the law means. Under our present
constitution, no body is empowered to answer that
question. We cannot see the advisability of having a
legislative-executive branch ever rule upon the
meaning or extent of a law which it has passed and
recommended to SA.

4. We have no body vested with the power to de-
clare the acts of the legislative or executive branches
unconstitutional, unless we interpret the Constitution
as implying this power under its duty "To interpret
the Constitution."

It is our opinion that much of the confusion in our
government today results from overlapping of power
and unanswered questions as to who has what power
and to what extent. If we support the idea of division
of powers. we need complete and clearly drawn di—
vision, with the final authority in each field definite-
ly stated. Our judicial branch could conceivably ans-
wer many of these questions, but it cannot do so if
we do not give it the power to act.

_—

 

College Calendar - . -

_.. 4

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5

8 pm. Rush Party, Richardson Conunons.
8:30 pm. IVCF Lecture, Brubaclier Hull.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 6

2:30 pm. Musically Speaking, Station WABY.
8 pm. Basketball Game, Page Gym.

10 pm. Winterlude, Ten Eka Bell Room.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8

3:30 pm. DE Club meeting. Room 147.

7:30 pm. Photography Club organization meeting,

Brubacher Hall.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9

2:30 pm. British Debaters, Page Hall.

4 pm. Debate Reception, Brubacher Lounge.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 11

8 pm. DE Club Xmas Party, Brubacher Hull.

‘ITATI COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 5. I952

Mun?

By DON MATTHEWS

On October 17, there appeared in
this column an article entitled “Ev-
olution-Revolution,” the gist of
which was a proposed plan for
changing our present system of stu-
dent government. The relative mer-
its of this “proposed plan" are not
under consideration here. However,
it may be stated that this article
did create somewhat of a “hubbub”
in Student Association. This is
proven by the fact that a relative-
ly large number of students verbal-
ly petitioned Myskania to hold an
open forum, at which time the
question of “should we have a
change in our student government?"
could be discussed.

In answer to the plea of these
students, Myskania set aside Thurs—
day evening, November 18, as the
date for a forum, and it furthermore
requested that any plans for a new
form of government be submitted
at that meeting.

The forum was held as scheduled.
and two plans from SA were pre-
sented. However, Student Associa-
tion was sadly represented at this
meeting. Approximately eighteen to
twenty-five students appeared at
the forum, and a majority of those
present were members of Myskania.
The problem boils down to this: Is
there any indifferent attitude on
the part of Student Association to-
ward a change in our system of
student government?, or are there
other factors that contributed to
this “apparent apathetic attitude?”
Could one such factor be the lack
of publicity given by Myskania to
this forum?

Let us go back to last February
when the question of “should we
have football at State?” was in the
limelight. In the February 29 issue
of State College News. the first art-
icle concerning this question found
its way into our school publication.
This subject was given a great
amount of publiicty in the succeed-
ing issues of the News, preceeding
the March 27 “football forum." Pos-
sibly every student at State had at

least heard of the forthcoming for-
um and many had formulated their
own opinions on the subject.

By the way of comparison, the
publicity given to the forum on pro-
posed government changes at State,
consisted of two brief columns in
the News and a portion of one edi-
torial, the combined effect of which
was not much more than to an-
nounce that such a forum was to
be held. This amount of publicity
certainly was not sufficient to sti-
mulate a majority of SA to give the
proposition some serious thought.

Perhaps one might see no basis
for comparing the publicity given
to the two subjects, contending that
football is of much more interest
than is student government. This
to the student body as a whole
may be true to a certain extent;
there is a certain proportion of the
student body of any school that is
content to sit back and let the other
fellow “carry the ball” in their
student government. Their interest
and enthusiasm concerning how
they are governed and how their
money is spent is nil! But this is
certainly not true of the large ma-
jority of Student Association. The
effects of the actions of the govern-
ing body under which we must con-
form are definitely of the utmost
importance to all of us, and most
of us will, if given the proper in-
formation, be more than glad to
give some serious thought to this
subject.

At present, the two proposals for
a change in our form of govern-
ment at State are in the hands of
a committee appointed by Myskania.
which is supposedly taking both
plans into careful consideration. A
statement concerning these two
proposals should soon be issued to
SA. If, however. Myskania deems
necessary to hold another open
forum on the subject. it is my sin-
cerest wish that. as was the case
concerning the football forum of
last year. sufficient publicity be
presented in behalf of the forum.

 

Gunman: “stadium

 

 

To the Editor:

Last evening I broke the usual
routine of teaching by attending
the AD plays in Page Hall. Since
the house was full I chose to sit in
the balcony, and, while there, I wit—
nessed something which merits the
attention of all the student body of
the College.

Aside from the displeasure of lis-
tening to seine juvenile remarks
from members of the audienoed ur-
ing the performance, I was forced
to see the performance through a
haze of smoke.

I was under the impression that
smoking was banned during the
performance of any play in any
_la:.'lioui.e, but especially so in a
:cllegc auditorium.

I need not emphasize the danger
of such a practice, but I should also
like to point out its inherent rude—
nose—a rudeness to the performers
as well as to the audience.

Since the "honor" system seems
confined to the TII‘IlCH-Ul'llOll corner
paper boxes. I recommend much
stricter imi‘orceiiicnt of rules per-
taining to smoking in Page Hall.

11' something is not done by the
student body then the Administra-
tion should step inﬁcvcn to the
point of policing activities in Page,
for if the Fire Department of Al-
bany were ever to be pcrscnt. I am
sure that the evening audiences
would be ended forever.

Perhaps the News, which has had
a long history of correcting abuses
in the College, should keep remind-
ing students of their proper ac-
tions.

Of course, I realize that there
are some persons who could never
learn how to act in public, and I
illll sure the College and the touch-
ing profession would be better off
without their presence in State.

’l‘hunk you for considering this
mutter, for it menus much to the
College; students, facility, adminis-
trution, and alumni.

Sincerely.
Paul E. Kirsch ’51.
To the Editor:

I am a New Yorker and as such,

would like to express a personal

f'liflt'lhlll oi the article entitled The
171‘ poi-rite Ht‘VealCCl which appeared
in the last issue of the News. Al-
though all the conditions described
by Miss Llienfeld do exist in the
big city to some extent. they are
not as prevalent as she would have
you believe in her article.

Essentially. New York is a city
composed of average people, all
with their personal idiosyncrasies.
If by chance you could survey the
entire city, you would encounter
more ordinary people engaged in
ordinary daily tasks than in any
other place in the world. Likewise
you would discover a greater nuni~
her of people and events which you
would consider abnormal, sub-nor-
mal 01' outside the broad sphere
which soeiety terms "average."
However, you would find the situ-
ntloli proportionately the same, on
a smaller scale, in practically any
other urbar area

New York is my home town and
I consider it a home town in the
true sense of the word. I feel that
Miss Llleiifeld revealed a lack of
understanding of New York City as
a whole and gave a false and per—
haps odious picture of this great
metropolis to those who have never
been there.

Arnold Newman '50.
To the Editor:

It seems that few students realize
the importance of the Blood Donor
Drive being carried on by the Col-
lege Red Cross Unit. The follow-
ing paragraph of a letter from n
sohlicr in Korea might help to
show the importance of giving
blood.

November 20. 1952

 . . Glad to hear that several of
your friends gave a pint of blood,
because we need all the blood we
can get over here and believe me
not a pint is wasted. Sometimes we
use up to 75-100 pts. in one day
when they are bringing in a lot of
casualties! . . . ”

This shouldn't need any elabora-
tion but I’d like to say it is so easy
to give blood, and that pint may
be just the one that's needed for
someone you know.

Barbara Wolslegel ’54.

Gama-316124 I
By J. KOREA & R. HUGHES __ ,... ....-

By J. KOREA and R. HUGHES

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
——Franklin D. Roosevelt

The joint resolution of Inter-Fraternity Council
and Residence Council for entertaining women in fra-
ternity houses begins tonight. This idea has been long
overdue. We feel that this beginning can develop
into a system which will eventually show the admiri-
lstration that we are mature men and women and
that we can abide by rules which have been set up
for us or which we have set up ourselves. The sys-
tem as it has been set up now seems rather harmless.
Without a doubt, it is evident that many people think
that these rules are being made for the sole purpose
of being broken. This Is not true. Any regulation. any
place, in any society is disregarded by a few irrespon-
sible individuals; but this is the exception rather than
the rule. We defy anyone to prove that these people
are in the majority; and if they are in the majority
then why have societies, why have institutions, why
have governments? They would be useless.

If we must start out with such a limited system.
for heavens sake, let's make it work. and show the
administration that we can handle it on a larger
scale in the future.

“Come and trip it as ye go
On the light fantastic toe.”
—Milton

Music. at lastl With it comes memories of the old,
old Commons and the dancing at noon which was as
much a part of State as Minerva or Freshman bean-
ies. Now that we have the music, and the Commons
(foreign as it use), and the noon hours, let's use them.
There is no reason why we can’t bring back those
good old days that some would say are gone forever.
“The wheel that squeaks the loudest
Is the one that gets the grease."

—Josh Billings

Once again Myskania is trying, w hy—we don‘t.
know. Next Tuesday, same time, same station. the
same thirteen, the same topic and the same people
who won’t show up. Suggestion—try serving refresh-
ments. “The easiest way to :. man’s heart is through
his stomach."

“Music, when soft voices die—
Vlliratcs in the memory;
——Shelly

Well lookee here—Christmas is coming to State via
the Ten Eyke, all dressed up as “Winteriudc.” So.
girls, if he hasn't asked you yet—remember there av"
still 2'7 days left in leap year. See you there—
“The Redcoats are coming . . . "

—Paul Revere

We say, 01d chaps, are you coming around this
Tuesday to Page Hall to see State’s first Interna-
tional Debate? It should prove to be a very interest-
ing and enoyable afternoon. We think that it would
have been a better idea to have such a program on
a Friday in assembly; that is, if the British team
could have come on that day. This might be sonic-
thing to think about for future debates such as thisr
after all we always find time to debate such thinur
as “selling refrigerators to Eskimos" in some of our
assemblies.
“Little drops of water . . . make the mighty ocean."

~J. F. Carney

We wonder if our final marks will come out as
fast as our warnings? . . . Rumor has it that MAA
has discontinued having programs at the busketha‘l
games—‘you can't tell the players without a pro-
gram" . . . Will someone please hand in a script. for
the All-College revue—~we'd hate to have the auditor-
ium full of people and the stage empty . . . Some-
one keeys walking off with the LIFE and TIME
magazines from the Union. The minority s ill it
again . . . Which way is the right way on the Bru-
l:a"her driveway? . . . Have you noticed the new llll-
rrovements being made on Grandfather? . . . He will
soon be up to date . . .
QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .

What's in the new closet by the coke machine '2 '2 2'

 

f‘T/iTE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII December 5, 1952 No. II

Iii-Iiilnl‘s nl' Illl' .\‘|3\\4.\‘ si.|.i' 111.1} ln- l‘I-.|('l||‘ll ‘I'Iivwldl
:lllil “Mini-«lay from T in ii I» Hi .ll "I'ii'NI, I‘lxl II

  

l'lltillt“ I'i‘ll‘l‘. '_'-CIJI'JII: lilullinau. ‘_' ilTIII Iios \\s|ii.ti\1_r
.\l:l.\':lhl.\, V.) will; lIl'I'ZIllnlil. 1120871. I‘|.Iii, '_' It'll.)

I'in- nniiol‘grmluuli- iii-\Vspuln-r of tin» \'o\v Yuri. Sniii- i'ulv
log.- for 'i'mivhvl's; puiilisiu-ii l-U'l‘) Friday of lin- (ml ogr-
jl‘iil' Iiy Il||' .\'I'}\\'H limli'd i'ur lllt' Silillvlil .\~~N‘I:|||HII
IT.\I‘IT.\“I‘ I’l‘l;\(‘l'7 — a - - - r - - I‘ldliurvIn-(‘IIII-I'

('odlunuging I‘Zdlior
('(i-Aliiiiiigiilg lCiliio'
(‘orl‘uliliv "('Illllitlln I‘llllior
(‘o-I'ulillv “I‘IIIIIININ l‘hliior
- — - — - Spol‘le I'ltliinr
— - Senior Hpol'ln Almuln-r
l‘ll‘llil'hthtI\l'I‘IIhIlIK Aliilllluvl'
< - ‘ ('lri-ulutlon Murmur-r
l‘lxi'liungo I‘JIIIIIII‘

l“Pl|I III‘I‘ I‘Iiiii or

Armor-Into ldtllior

Aamw'lulv I‘liliior

Armor-Into I‘IIIIIHI'

ll I'lN IIY KUHZIHT SKI
ICH’I‘II I‘Ill .‘lA \ :\ It Ii-i -
lliI'IT\l~) lllIEZlNHIt’Y -
I‘II.IZ.\IIE'I'II l’l.;\'l"l' -
.\IlIt‘|. lilu\'|"l'A|r\N -
lHHlIi-I INHII‘JH'I‘Y -
.IORIHSIC HIHHH“ - -
.\l.\l(\l'}l.lil')N NIillJ‘Ill -
\ll’llll‘Il. \l'UUIHIAN -
.IOYI'I‘) h'l'll'l‘l‘lh'

lllliNl’Z I'llillltl'll)

SALLY (iICIIHI « - - —
(‘A'I‘III‘IIHNI'J LYNI‘II -

.\ii roiiiinunirolions rillillllil lv- addressed in tin- mliioi' .illil
llillnl In- sight-ii Mums \\'ll| lu- \viililu-lli upon rmlnrsi
'I'Iil' S'I'A'I'I': (‘liI.I.I'2lII‘l \I-IWS .issilim-s no i'osponsiinllil
i'oi' U]III||iI|i~ oxpri-nst-ii iii [In millions or l‘lilillllllliit'nlIUIIB
:in hllI'll expressions do not m-m-ssnrily rI-I'iwl ils View

 

W"
.

 

 

 

college Administers
Admissions Exams

Selective Admissions Examina-
tions will be conducted at the Col-
lege on Saturday morning, for ap-
plicants residing in the capital dis-
trict area who seek admission to
the State University Teachers Col-
leges which offer the elementary
program, announces Edward Sabol,
Coordinator of Field Services.

Interviews for undergraduate ap-
plicants seeking admission to this
College for the spring semester of
1953 are scheduled for December 8.
9, 11, 15, and 16.

 

Your Trip Home Is

III THE BAR
BYTRAIN!

ll-‘IIEATIII
siitii

iii-Ar: coma: nuts. FRIDAY, oscsmssn s. 1652

 

7min’ In 7/” 7m
By sr SEMMLER

 

Tonight is your last chance to
see the Albany High Dramatics and
Music Departmens' production of
Gershwin's "Girl Crazy."

A full orchestra, a singing chorus
and a dancing chorus will perform
to such hit songs as “Embracable
You."

Contact John Laing for $.75 stu—
dent tickets.

On a theater size TV screen the
Grand Theater is bringing Bizet's
“Carmen” to Albany direct from the
stage of the Met. on December 11.

Opera stars, Rise Stevens, Rich-
ard Tucker and Robert Merrell, will
be in the performance.

At the Colonial Playhouse .1. B.
Priestley’s “An Inspector Calls” has
current billing.

Upon request the Delaware Thea-
ter is holding over the J. tArthur
Rank production, “The Lavender
Hill Mob.”

Alec Guiness, whom you might
remember from the “Man in the
ghite Suit," stars in this famous

in.

A comedy, “Tight Little Island,"
is the eo-feature. Billing is through
December 10.

Tomorrow at the Albany Instlttue
of History and Art Cleveland Grant,
naturalist and lecturer, is showing
a film, "Adventures in Color with
Simei‘lican Birds and Big Game,” free
0 a .

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 6-8610

 

 

W.

Remember
A Corsage
For Your
“WINTERLUDE”
Date

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125

FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE

 

 

 

Dickens rumms British State Debaters

All Expectation

“Go to chken's!” That was
the byword of English students
and faculty members Tuesday.
What were they talking about?
The English Evening, of course!

Majors and minors were soon
transported to the age of Dick-
ens. Relaxing in Brubacher’s
soft, easy chairs everyone lean-
ed back to enjoy a full-length
movie, "Great Expectations.”

But the relaxing didn't last
long! Suddenly there appeared
on the screen a criminal who
grasped a. little boy by the neck.
Everyone gasped and jumped
only to settle back in their chairs
’til another such scene.

Prints showing scenes of
Dicken’s day and some of his
works were on display, but hun-
ger whetted by a spicy aroma
was soon quellzd by hot. spicy
cider and cookies.

 

Red Cross Conducts
Grey Lady Courses

The Albany Chapter of the Amer-
ican Red Cross will conduct a three
week Gray Lady course in the eve-
nings in January, especially for the
benefit of college women.

Gray Ladies work as volunteers
in area hospitals, the Ann Lee
Home, The Cerebral Palsy Clinic,
and at the Red Cross Chapter
House. Their purpose is to increase
the morale of patients a: these var-
ious institutions and to make their
restricted life more comfortable.

All girls over eighteen years of
age, who would like to take the
course in January should contact
Priscilla Jones ‘53, by Student.
Mail or at Pierce 2-9612, before
Christmas vacation.

PALAcs first; row I

 

“Everything I Have Is Yours" |

and
William Holden in
“The Turning-Point"

 

Marge and Gower Champion in I

no: a

Combine For Tournament

 

RONALD EVANS

 

KENNETH DIBBEN

 

DirectoryDisiribuiion
Closes Next Week

Directories will be on sale for
rrembers of the faculty who wish
extra copies. A deSk will be locat-
ed by the stairs in lower Husted
every noon next week from 12 to
12:30 pm. The price is $.15.

These students who neglected to
pick up their copies may do so at
the same place. After next week con-
tact Sheila Hill ’53, Editor of the
Directory.

 

George D. Jeoney & Sons

198 Central Ave., Cor. Robin

 

Phone 62-0116

gnu/ow C’a/el‘mia

Albany 6, N. Y.

 

NO WEATHER 0R TRAFFIC
delays to make you miss Iiolidutcs

. when you go home by safe,
dependable train. It's a Iicudstnrt
on vacation l'un, traveling with
friends. . . in roomy comfort witii
swell dining our meals!

 

IT'S A GIFT! If you iillfl two
friends go homo and rciurn to-
gether . . . (Iroup (lunch I’Inn
Ill'ki‘IS nnvv you l'tlt‘ll up to 25' ,',
oi' the rogulur round—trip conch
i‘nros. ()r u group of “.35 or more
(“on t‘tlt'll nnvo up to 28%! Hour]
home in ilw sumo direction art the

sumo limo. After the holidays,
rolurn sopnruivly if you wish on
this Ini‘gi-r (Iroup (font-Ii I’Iun.

ASK YOUR RAILROAD TICKET AGENT

ABOUT GROUP PLAN AND
SINGLE ROUND-TRIP SAVINGS

EASTERN
RAILROADEJ»

 

 

call

"Cots" II a registered Iradovmarlr.

Campus capers

When grades are posted, got hold
of yourself—maybe the news Is
Ll A ' '
goo . nywiiy, there ll always be
problems ahead, so start now and

face them refreshed. Have a Coke.

 

romeo UNDER AUTHORITY or me cocx-cou COMPANY Iv
ALBANY COCA-COLA BO’I‘TIJNG CO.

© 1952, me cocx-cou COMPANY

Debaters Engage
Colgate, Union
Forensic Teams

Two debaters from Great Britain
will be entertained by the Debate
Council on Tuesday and Wednesday,
when they combine with two State
College debaters, Arthur Hagy and
Robert Berkhofer, Seniors, for a
Parliamentary debate on govern-

, ment control of radio and television.

A debate and discussion tournament
at Colgate University on Saturdav
and four debates with Union oh
Wednesday are also included in the
debating schedule for the coming
week, according to Joyce Leonard
'53, Debate Council President.
Colleges to Team Up

British debaters are Kenneth Dib-
bon of the University College,
Southampton, and Ronald Evans of
the University College, North Wales.
Dibben is president of the debating
league at Southampton. Dibben will
be paired with Arthur Hagy to up-
hold private ownership of radio and
television. Hagy is minister at St.
Luke's Methodist Church, Albany.

Mr. Evans is chairman of the De-
bate Union at North Wales. His
partner in opposing private owner-
ship of radio and television will be
Robert Berkhofer '53, President of
Tau Kappa Alpha.

To Visit Mayor’s Ofﬁce

The British debate will be at 2:30
p._m., Tuesday, in Page Auditorium
With Dr. Robert Reinow, Professor
of Social Studies, presiding. Follow-
ing the debate. a reception will be
held by the Debate Council at Bru-
bacher Lounge for all students and
faculty members who would like to
meet the British team. The visitors
will also be entertained at several
suppers, and a visit to Mayor Corn-
ing's ofﬁce.

To Engage Colgate, Union

Colgate's Invitational Debate and
Discussion Tournament on Saturday
will be attended by four State
speakers: Sylvia Semmler. Marie
McBreen. Richard Shaper, Juniors,
and Rose Steinbcrger ’55. There will
be three rounds of progressive dis-
cussion and a round of debate, fol-
lowed by a dinner and roundtable
discussion.

Ten State debaters will debate
Union College Wednesday. They are:
Joyce Leonard. Anita Lilenfeld.Sen-
iors; JoAnne Doyle, Edward Leh-
man, Richard Shaper. Juniors;
Frances Looocco. Arthur Carper.
James Whitney, David Austin and
Jane Cresswell. freshmen.

 

0 RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Note Shop

156 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9

 

 

for Coke

Cold Outs'de?
Don’t Despair!

it’s only a

few steps to

TEMPERANCE
TAVERN

and it's always
warm and cheery

there.

 

 

 

 

