 

 

 

 

i
‘75
i

i

 

   

  

    

PAC! 1

A New Leaf

Looking back over the year’s controversies, and
the outcome of them, it is impossible to overlook
the bulwark of a smoothly run school government.
Most of the problems lie in the executive branch
of the Student Association, the Student Council.
On the whole the members who comprise the or-
ganization are apathetic and uninformed. For just
these reasons, the decisions made at these meetings
have been in many cases questionable in the eyes
of Student Association members.

When the Student Council approved introduc-
ing the football motion to the Assembly, the bud—
get was pushed off the agenda for the dISCUSSIOI‘l
of this motion. Because of this, little time is left
for the budget discussion and will probably be
passed over in haste, irregardless of the amount of
money in question. There is even a chance that
special assemblies will have to be called because
of the limit of time. However, looking at the issue
on the legality angle, the Student Council should
have realized that bringing the football motion be-
fore the Assembly was unwarranted. The power to
change any provision of the varsity athletics is
completely handled by the Athletic Association,
while the student body has no jurisdiction regard--
ing varsity athletics, as was decided by the vote
of SA members last spring.

During the discussion of the Big-4 motion in
the last assembly, the point was not emphasized
that Student Council had voted against this pro-
posal 13 to 3; and yet, very few members of the
Student Council expressed their opinion on why
he or she had vetoed the motion. In ‘the Consti-
tution it is stated that the Student Council is "an
advisory board,” but little advice was given when
it was most needed.

Student Council members hold vital positions in
the administration of the school government. As a
body, it should execute constructive legislation
and proposals. The members of the Student Coun-
cil should be informed, opinionated people who
are completely familiar with the rules of the Con-
stitution and who are interested in the running of
the government. Soon a new leaf will be turned,
let us hope that we will get a group that will be
the type of people who will help produce a bet-
ter government.

The Big Scoop . . .

The “big scoop“ ﬁnally came out and all those
individuals who appointed "so and so" as Dean of
the College can relax now and apologize for all the
rumors. Congratulations are in order to the ad-
ministration who ﬁnally came through with both
a Dean of the College and a Dean of Men. One
of the criticisms of graduates of various American
Colleges was presented by Time magazine in “They
Went To College" is the lack of sufﬁcient council-
ing for individual students. Much of this is the re-
sult of the lack of a sufﬁcient staff. With the crea
tion of a Dean of Men and with the anticipated
appointment of a Director of Graduate study at
State (‘ollege it looks like we are heading in the
right direction. To Iir. Lanford and Dr. Hartley
the Newt Board extends its wish for your coir
finucd success.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I9I6
BY THE CLASS OF 19!.

RATIN G—ALL-AMERICAN

 

VOL. XXXVI

Member liliitributor
.\.‘iittil'llllf‘fl ('olleglnle I'rcxs t‘nlleglute Digest
The ninlergrndnnte Ili'Wh‘jillpt'l' of the New York State Col-
lege for 'l‘nnchera; published crery Friday of the College
year by the NEWS llonrd for the Student Alaoclutluii.
.\lt-mln-r~ of the NEWS staff may he reached 'l‘ueutliiy lliI-i
and \\'ednesduy from T to II p. lll. iit 2332“ Ext, ll.
l'liftlif‘h'" thitii. "JIIJI‘JII. i'liille. ti'.’ IfISI; liiiriiit, fi‘JlHi-‘i.
(ill/HEN HIII'I‘II - - - - - < - ~ - - Editor-in-(‘Iiii-l
VICTORIA EAIHC - - - ~ - - Managing Editor
NOIUNI‘J ('AIKtillil. - - l'ill)lln Relations Editor
DONALD liill’iVs v - - - - — ~ - - Hportu thnr
ICOIII'iIt i' .I.\t UIH - Illiuineuu Murmur r
HAIUIAKA JiiH I'l - - Circulation Manager
DUIIU'I‘IH I)e('|(‘(‘0 » Exchange Editor
I'A‘I‘HH'IA IlAItIIl'iﬂ‘li Advnrtluilg Editor
IRENE IIIH'ZZINSHI' Feuiurn Editor
HENRY KUHZEWHHI - Alloelntn Editor
Antoni-to Editor
Auoeintn Editor
Allin-Into Editor

April 25. 1952 No 21

I'ZHTHI'JI. MAYAKIH ‘ -
BARBARA I'I’iAi'lC - s - - - 4 - -
ELIZABETH I'LA'I‘T - ~ - -

ISSUE I‘llll'l‘OlI - - - ESTHER MAY/HUS

 

All commntilciifions idiotth be addressed to file editor and
must be signed Nuttlcn Will be within-Id upon request.
the S’l‘A'I‘IZ t'tiI.|.I'Ifil-l NEWS uranium-ii no respoimildliiy
for opiniqu i-xjti‘l'itiu'tl In Its i'oltliliiiii or commonieiilloini
an nilf'li itxjii'itsnlolitl do not ift'l'urirflll‘lll‘ reflect Ila view.

«a»!

 

 

ITATI COLLIOI NIWQ. FRIDAY. APRIL 2!. 1932

 

 

 

 

 

at“ WW”

 

91% Spain?

 

Yes. it’s spring again, and with
it comes the same overwhelming
current of reform that has swept
along the halls to Hawley and roll-
ed through peristyles until it lands
in an exhausted heap at the pro-
scenium arch in Page. For as long
as one can remember, (four years
at the most), the prying noses prod
out the old and roll in the new.
This perrenial push gathers mo-
mentum and eventually culminates
soon after Moving-Up Day in “A
Wave of Good Government."

1951-52 was no exception. After
last year brought the creation of
Athletic Association, it naturally
followed that something of equal
stature should evolve, and it did.
This year the student body voted to
discard Big Fours. Of course, the
students were warned well ahead of
time and this was no spur-of—the-
moment decision. It was all part,
of that wonderful bit of inspiration
called “Student Government” to
which we point with pride and say,
“Yes sir, there are no faculty ad-
visors running our extra-curricular
program, we can afford to take care
of ourselves.” And so we can, and
60. Nonetheless. there are some pit-
falls that occur annually and when
a warning is ﬁnally posted, it is
found that some people don’t take
the time to read the fine print. and
the others can't read at. all or else
openly confess that they haven’t the
slightest inclination to be bothered.
and that represents perhaps the
greatest danger of all. It is this
lethargic “I can’t be bothered" that
constitutes the most potent threat
to student-run activities at this
college. If the majority thinks and
then acts, there could be no failure
in the system, but if the action is
limited to snap judgments, the risk
of error is introduced.

One argument that was raised
during the recent football discus—
sion was that the people who were
against football at this college were
the Juniors and Seniors who really
didn't understand what the under-
clas~es really lookch forward to at
college, and that oti the strength of“

By DONALD PUTTERMAN

 

the underclass demand, the “older”
members of Student Association
should be in favor of the proposal.
One thing is certain. There are
many Seniors who are very inter-
ested in the college and its activi-
ties, and can vividly remember what
heads wiser than ours have said in
years past which certainly applies
to our present set-up.

When a provision for Rivalry was
made in the Student Association
Constitution. I have no doubt that
there were many reasons for each
event that was scheduled. Upon a
close examination of the Rivalry
Agenda it can easily be found that
there is a deﬁnite balance in evi-
dence between athletic events and
dramatic events, between sports and
music. There is ample opportunity
for creative talent in sings, debates.
and skits just as there are activities
requiring physical prowess and
stamina in athletic competition.
Remove perhaps the bulk of either
side and the purpose of Rivalry is
altered. Just as there is cheering
from the spectators at athletic
events, there is an awful lot that
must be done by committees who
never appear on stage in any class
production and both of these sup-
porting roles, the spectator and the
committee, are open to all members
of the class and certainly. a great
deal of enjoyment can be derived
frotn either. These are the activi-
ties that enable a class to look back
on the two years as unclerclassmen
with interest in its proper perspec-
tive. How many people have never
participated in both phases of this
program? . . .

Strident Association voted the
lower of decision in any athletic
program over to Athletic Associa-
tion, and according to the Frosh
Handbook, Rivalry Cotiiinlttce is to
suggest changes to Student Council.
Perhaps some clariﬁcation will be
made. to that Student Association
can discuss issues in a way that will
enable those people most capable
of making appropriate statements
which would carry the necessary
experience as well as an opinion.

 

enmchde

 

Editor's Note: Due to insufficient
space. It was impossible to print the
forty-four additional names who
signed the letter.

Dear Editor:

Well, congratulations are In order.
’l‘he truly enlightened students of
State have succeeded in eliminating
the Big Four, that unbearable in—
sult to good taste and dramatic
greatness. We have eliminated a
wonderful opportunity to in cc t.‘
tilthllllllCS and have some darned
enjoyable fun working together, but
we've saved Slate’s reputation for
magnificent theatrical productions,
so lets' forget that. But there has
been another suggestion given us
an all college review. Strike up the
band!

Let's think of the value to be
gained from such an "all college re-
view." Think of the opportunity the
underclussnicn will have to tiiect.
each other over paint brush, harn-
iner or set. Let's think of the terri-

lic number of' people who will be.
able to take part in till all college
review ~~why. by simple motheinnt-
Ics, it should be obvious that more
people can take part in one re-
view than two or lhrce.

Lets' be serious a moment. Big
Fours >ccni to have been done away
with 111 favor of somcfliing lcbeled
":in all-college revue." Can anyone
actually believe flint the lower
clnssincn will be well-represcnfed in
all facets of such a produciioii'.’ In
just, a few moment.» before In‘asfer
vucnlloii. a tradition was (Ii~cni'tlcd
which has brought enjoyment and
pleasure to many ovor the years.

We suggest. that liig I"(il|l'.s be re-
instafcd, effective next. year.

llob Lundergiiii '55
Ilob Inglis '55

Ilob (‘oan '55

Bob lioniiclly '52
Kay Wright '5:
Virginia O'Connell ’53
and 44 others

 

I Com-3161»
___..._By SHAFER and KELLER

RS AGAIN . . .

mlgnfgliat tempers have had a vacation in which
to cool down. we can all at least try to look at things
objectively. It seems Big Fours are really gone, and
since the vote indicated that the majority of students
felt that these productions were obsolete, guess that’s
that; all we can say is that We’re awfully sorry and
"It it really true?". We think that rivalry wdl die
within two years mainly as a result of the motion
being passed. More important, however, than rival-
ry's entombing, is the fact that Sophomores and
especially freshmen will now have little or no chance
to feel any sense of unity. Sure we’re for school Spir-
it, but We just kinda wonder how school spirit can
materialize from nowhere if there is to be no class
spirit. The vote certainly proved that the student
body doesn’t feel that Big Fours were that import-
ant, but we think a bad mistake has been made. If
only the people against Big Fours had worked .on
them, in cast or committee, instead of just cheering
or groaning when their class won or lost as the case
might be, maybe things would have turned out dif-
ferently. Oh well, enough crying over the proverbial
spilt milk. but gee, we hated to see them go. Any
chance of reviving a dead body?

MYSKANIA . . .

At the risk of being accused of being bitter, we're
gonna stick our necks out and say a couple_of things.
Moving Up Day is upon us—the only time when
many people take an interest in what's gomg on
around State. Perhaps we’re not as important as the
Pennsylvania primary, but Ike would be lost here
anyway, so let's just look around and realize the
significance of our student leaders. There was a
time when those people elected to Myskania were so
sincerely interested in Student Government that
they would stand up and speak for what they thought
was right and argue against what they thought was
wrong. A lot of prestige, and well-deserved prestige.
is connected with Myskania, for they are the people
who have worked for their class and school and have
been elected to the most honored position in our col—
lege because they are best qualified to lead. True.
in actuality, their position is only judiciary. but we
look upon it as much more than that. They are the
people with mature ideas which could guide us to
good Student Government—you confirm this when
you give them your votes. Yes. there was a time when
these people were sincerely interested in Student
Government and would speak their opinions. ’l‘imes
haven‘t really changed much. We believe that each
individual on this year‘s Myskania has been sincere—
ly interested in Student Government. We believe they
have good ideas. It seems then that the difference
this past year has been that we have seldom known
just what our Myskania was thinking or what they
stood for. tTo the extent, in fact, that motions pro-
posed by one Myskania member seemed to have the
approval of all the other 12 although they were often
in violent disagreement.) We know from speaking
with various members that they do have definite.
ideas which they often wish to express-Milieu why
don’t they? Is it a pressured agreement not to "ined-
die" in student affairs? If so, we think it is a mis—
take, for there have been some instances this year

 

when a little intelligent "meddling" might have
helped our Student Government considerably. “A
wise man who remains silent is more danger in

government than a talkative fool." (Wish we could
remember who said it.t Is it the idea that Myskania
must appear a single body, thinking and acting al-
ways together? lf so, we think it is a mistake. which
is more important. the prestige a single thinking
body of 13 people maintains by remaining always
single thinking, or the benefit various intelligcn‘
opinions could give to a student body of“ one hundred
times more than 13? We don‘t say Myskanhi ~honld
run our college: they should not, could not, and w
think they would not. We only say illill Mysknnia.
our most respected council, should mean something
more than 13 people counting billitils. They dewrvc
mOl‘C—rillllci wo d:servc more! We urge you to elect
people for next year who will stand up for what lilt".
believe.

QUESTION 01" THE WEEK . . .

Why is it. fliul . "Some men nrc born great.
some men achieve greatness, and :-oinc linyc dcln loin
thrust. upon flit-in."

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 25

llaiirtoh pin. Mock HI-nntc. (‘::oifol lilllltiilil'.

llliii1.lol :1 n1. I’ollci' (‘lnb loiinnl "Illnci: Manic
:tf :\lllfllll:l ('nib

ni'i'it'lllliii'. :\I'Itll. "ill

2pm. Hliilt' \ l’oI-dnm ill lllecltcr Sta
ilnnn,

tillJll Ncuinan IInII tiiiit' [itlli\ \titl

Fictizi.
“3011111 to
1': nintiiitnil I’ln Iiciln (iillt' pom
5’ bin fol iIIII Van Her/ct“- formal 'llliic Moon ‘
SI'NIMY, :\I'Itli. 737
:t to .‘i pin (‘oflcc Ilour, lli'nbncln-r Ionncc
:"i'llttpin l‘I Hincini I‘i banquet :li t'io:. toad
NltiNiiAi', .il'ltli. flit
12 noon I’nii Allll'i“
ill.
“.1 noon HCAUS lllf‘t‘llllii. l)l'it]it'l‘, Itoom if!”
Wl'lliNICSIi.\i’, M’ltll. (if)
I“). noon HUA Iiyinn sing lll
Presbyterian (‘innch
'I‘Ill’ItSIMY, MAY l
12 noon IVCl" lecture "Stephen Stood " lint
per, Room 141.

lllf't‘iiliti, Iii'npi-t', lion“.

Park United

s '-‘;Rmvtl&c‘—4V;M' Mus”,

   
 

 

 
  

 

    

   
  

Pi Omega Pi initiates
Supervisor, Students

The names of ﬁve students and
one faculty member who were for-
mally initiated into Pi Omega. Pi
have been announced by Robert Ja-
coby ’52, President of the organiza-
tion. Plans have been made for a
banquet.

The following people were initi-
ated Tuesday night, April 22: Mari-
lyn Burke, Patrick Carlo. Murray
Lubiiner, Maryanne Zilin, Juniors;
Angelo Tiberio ‘52; and Dr. Donald
J. D. Mulkerne. Supervisor of Com-
merce. Milne.

 

Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests

No. 39.. .THE FLYCA'I'CIIEII

STATE comm: N‘st. FRIDAY. APRIL 25'. 1932

 

7m' In 74¢ 7m

By JEAN RASEY

 

Four special performances of
Moss Hart's successful comedy
“Light up the Sky.” will be given
on Thursday, Friday and Saturday
evenings and Saturday matinee on
May 1st, 2nd, and 3rd at the Play-
house. The complete cast will be
donating their services for the ben—
eﬁt of the Playhouse Fund. “Light
up the Sky” has a theatrical theme
and is a good humored kidding of
show people.

The Union College Glee Club will
be at the Albany Law School audi-

 

llTHEY HAD ME
BACKED UP

TO THE WALL!"

M. \\'V‘.\ in,

«if
/  t
lit/[it‘ll  “(I ,Ii , I

I

llt-K lasl  lit-‘s sinarl — llt‘ covers ground — he‘s

a real \ttrsily onllicltlcr.’ 'l'lic 'tlilit'k-li‘ick cigarette
iniltlncss lc~l~ ucrc almost too hot to llililfllf‘. lilli
iic «litln‘l make an crror. He realized that cigurcltc
iiiilrliic~~ cun'l be judged in slain-bang lasliion.
\iiliions of stiioiu-is Ilnongiionl ,\lllt‘l'i(':l knon. loo,

lilf‘lt"~ a thorough nay lo judge cigarclfc iniitincssi

II's Illt’ .wlisilileli'sl._
,ll ~f. \\l|if'i| simph asks you to It) liillllt'l\ on a
ll.i‘ .tllt-i ti.l\. [lill.l\'illlli'i'Iiill'l\ basis. \o snap

pnlnnn-nl~' lint c \ona:

i /onc" ti lot lininil. l lot lash-l,

in your

)tIII'il \l'l‘ \\l|\ .. .

.lln- Iiitllai (Iamci \iiitlness

‘lI it'll (..iiiicls lor fill days

After all the Milclness Tests . . .

Camel leads all other brands bybl'I/I'on:

 

——

toriuin Wednesday, April 30 at 8:15
pm. The program will include folk
songs, sacred music, modern ar-
rangements and college songs. tAd-
mission is $.50 and tickets may be
obtained from Dr. Kenney, Rich-
ardson 3.

There will be 8. Victor Herbert
Musicale at the RPI Field House
Thursday, May 1 at 8:45 pm. Tick-
ets are $240-$300 for reserved seats,
$1.80 for general admission and are
on sale at The Blue Note Shop and
the Ten Eyck Music Shop.

  
   
   

Will Compete

  

PAGE I" " '

— Student Exhibits Commerce Club 

Slates Speakers

in Science Affair For Conference

Albany State College will play
host to the Eastern Zone Science
Conference and Fair to be held here
tomorrow. Over fifty Junior and
Senior High Schools will participate
in this conciave which is being
sponsored by the Knickerbocker
News and the Science Teachers' As-
sociation.

Approximately one hundred thir-
ty demonstrations will compete for
prizes to be awarded at the conven-
tion in Page Hall at 4 pm. at which
time an eminent scientist will lec-
ture and give a demonstration.

student exhibits will be divided
into eight classes which will feature
work in such ﬁelds as the effects
of light on plant growth, atomic en-
ergy, space travel, and a model sub-
marine twelve feet in length.

Award winners at this conference
will go on to compete in the New
York state Science Fair and the
National Science Fair. State Col-
lege students are invited to attend
the demonstrations and exhibits on
display from 11 am. to 4 pm, ac-
cording to Dr. Paul C. Lemon. As-
sistant Professor of Biology, who
will act as the State College host
for this science conference for east-
ern seaboard high schools.

Sobol Schedules

Navy Interviews

information received from the
Albany Navy Recruit Office has
been released by Edward J. Sabol,
Coordinator of Field Services. Lt.
Commander J. H. Cornwall will
hold interviews for Senior men in-
tu‘ested in the Officer Candidate
Program of the United States Na-
val Rescrve Tuesday in Room 109
Draper from 9 a. in. until 12 noon.

Bulletins will be available con—
cerning the qualifications for en-
trance into the various schools.

H. r. Honikel & Son '

PHARMACISTS
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

“10‘ mag; ‘A‘uuqlv
anuoav uosipuw 96

zg, uosaoagl auouv was JO
£0L6'i’ ZINOIIJEI'IEIJ.

DNILNIHd ALIHOHOS

ALINHELLVHIJ 'IHDEI’T'IOO
SERIAL ’I'IV

smiupd
ssaid loiidcj

 

Educators To Attend
Luncheon in Brubacher

The fourth annual Business Ed-
ucation Conference, sponsored by
the Commerce Club, will be held
tomorrow, at 9 a. m. in New Dra-
per. Evelyn Rudesheim, President
of the Commerce Club, has an-
nounced that the theme of the
conference is “The Role of Business
Education in the Readjustment
Program.’

List Guest Speaker:

Dr. Paul L. Salsgiver, Director of
the School of Business at Simmons
College; John E. Whitcraft, Super-
visor of Business Education of the
State of New York; and Harry
Spencer, Assistant Coordinator of
Readjustment of Secondary Edu-
cation of the State of New York,
will be the principal speakers at
the morning sessions.

Nystrom to Talk

A luncheon will be held at Bru-
bacher Hall at 1 p. in. following
the meetings. Dr. Paul H. Nystrom,
Professor of Marketing of the
School of Business at Columbia
University, will speak.

Dr. Nystrom is also President of
the Limited Price Variety Stores-
Association. He is a member and
former Chairman of the Federal
Board for Vocational Education and
Vice-President in charge of Busi—
ness Education of the American
Vocational Association. He is at
present serving his second term as
President of the New York Sales
Executives Club.

The committee chairmen prepar-
ing for the conference are: pro-
grams, Ruth Merry; luncheon.
Elizabeth Allen. Seniors; publicity
Alice Cohen; exhibits. Patrick Car—
lo, Juniors; and arrangements,
Kenneth Everhard '54.

Commerce Department
Presents TV Program

"Education of Business Teachers
For High Schools" is the topic of
the State College television program
presented by the Commerce Depart-
ment over WRGB today from 11 to
11:30 am. Dr. Edward Cooper. Pro-
fessor of Commerce. assisted the
commerce students in planning and
directing the show.

Robert Jacoby ’52 is acting as
narrator and demonstrator for the
program. Other commerce majors
appearing are Francis Baker, Don-
ald Burns, Marjorie Farwell, Helene
Patien, Elaine Shampansky. Marce—
leiie Stieve, Angelo Tibet-i0, and
Murray Zweben, Seniors.

 

10% DISCOUNT T0
STUDENTS Ind FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLIIE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

t

 

 
   

.
/ ' '
/ I
IIin W/tnrr f/lff/(vnf’ "9

Corner Ontario 81 Benson

College Florists for Years

Special Attention for Sororities and Fraternities

FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE

Dial 4-1125

 

 

 

.7.
.2
a? 4
9
 1'3
u
 E3
O

C)!“

 

 

 

WW

CAFET

BREAKFAST

DINNER LUNCHES
MIDNIGHT SNACKS

REASONABLE PRICES
I"! CINTRAL AVE.

ERIA

 
 

 

 

 

  
 
    
  

 
 

