 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE I

Appeal To Showmen . . .

The College Unit of the American Red Cross
has come up with a tremendous idea for getting the
talent of the College displayed in the Albany area
and, at the same time, serving a worthy cause. To-
day and next Tuesday, the State Unit will hold
auditions for a system of rotating acts which they
hope to incorporate into a College Entertainment
Unit. If their appeal is successful, speciﬁed acts
or groups of acts will be called upon periodically
to tour the hospitals of, the area and perform at
them. Since the system Will be set up so as to call
upon each act only once. or twice a year, it cannot
become too demanding”0n the time of any individ-
ual or group. We mention here that response to this
undertaking will also furnish an excellent indica-
tion of talent for future use in an All-College Revue.

VWe’ve seen too many Big-4’s, AD Productions,
Music Council Concerts, and impromptu shows to
think that the College is in any way lacking in the
necessary talent. It’s a worthwhile program, Red
Cross. We wholeheartedly support your appeal for
talent.

Something To Think About

The letter from Myskania which appears on
this page represents the attempt of that organiza-
tion to get the ball rolling on a matter which stu-
dent opinion has shown to be of vital interest to
SA—nameiy, the existing form of Student Gov-
ernment. Myskania as a body, is not advocating a
change. It is merely offering to act as a vehicle
for coordinating student ideas in the investigation
of the situation. Gripers, here’s your chance. If,
when you consider the existing form and the 'ex-
tent to which any change in the government will
be felt, you feel that you have a better or more
workable plan, write it down and bring it with you
to Myskania’s open forum November 18 and dis-
cuss it with the group and with others who have
made pr0posais. It is hoped that out of these var-
ious ideas, a plan which has been seriously pre-
examined may be presented for SA consideration.

A word of caution before you begin re-writing
the present SA Constitution. Much thought went
into the establishment of the present organs of our
government. if you feel that these organs do not
function as efficiently or as sucressfully as they
might, you must first decide whether the fault lies
within the system itself, or whether it is a matter
of student handling of the system. It will be dif-
ficult to alter one instrument of government with-
out drastically affecting the others. We will be
blunt about the situation. You cannot do away
with compulsory assemblies because you dislike
taking part in them and expect your government
to be any more satisfying to you.

We compliment Myskania on its attempt to
turn divided gripes into concerted action and we
add our voice to that attempt The News will wei-
come letters from any students having suggestions
or ideas which they feel should be incorporated into
any proposal for a change in governmental sys-

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

EBTAILIIHED MAY IDIO
IV THE CLAII OF I“.

RATING — FIRST CLASS

VOL. XXXVII November 7. 1052 No. it

Members of the NEWS staff may he reached ’l‘ut-miay
and Wednesday from 7 In if p. III. at '.':mza. Ext. ll.
i'honea: l'eut'e. ‘.‘~.'i.'i'.!ti; lilnifiuun, '.' il7-ill; lionm-wnki, ti H.127;
Muyukiu, Hit tilii‘J; lirezinsky. 01311872; l'iutl. '.'-5M5.

'i‘iu- umlergradnule at wapuper of the New York State t'ol-
logo for ’i‘eaehera‘. published t-very Friday of life t‘ollu-ge
year by the NEWS iioard for the Student Association

lMlillAltA PEACE - - - - ‘ - - - Editor-lo-(ihioi
HENRY KONZEWNKI - - - - (‘o‘iiltmuuing Editor
EH’I‘IIER MAYARIH - - - - - (‘o-Miuuiulng Editor
IRENE IIItEZINHltY - - f‘o-l'nblio Rolutiona Editor
I‘lltlZAIIE'l‘l l.A'I"I‘ - ('o-l'ulilio Ilolutionu Editor
1 - - Hportu Editor
It - - Senior Nportn .‘ilouillor
JORDINE Hlftllfl" - - - Itlmiuaau-Advortluinu Munion-
MARYELLEN NIOLER - - - s - (‘lrcnlatloo Miumwr
RIIIRIEI. WOODRIAN - - - - - - -
.lOYt‘E HUR’I‘EH - - - — -
IRENE EldHtED -
RALLY OEIHO - ~ - -
("A'I‘IIERINE LYNf‘ll -

Elohanuu Editor

It‘ooiuru Editor
.huoeluio Editor
Aullllllllln Editor
Auuocluia Editor

,\II eolllililillit‘nlluun Hlilllilll lit- illlllremetl lo the editor and
must lie niuntd, Name» will he within-hi |f|ml| I'itlfleul

'i‘he S'i‘Ai‘E t‘til.|,Ef'i|-i NEWH naaumea no responsibility

for opinions or ircam-d in its coininth or enmlnunieutions
u» ntlt'll express ona do not necessarily reflect its view.

'.'“

 

um eocuoc news. rate/iv. Not/emu 7‘. ion

Mme Kala

 

 

To the Editor-

the ﬁrst replies received and per-

The following letter pertains to centage wise are: 59.3% for Eisen-
the statement about Soapbox and howero 375% {01‘ Stevenson. and

Forum which appeared on Page 2 31% for HOOPS-
in the Common Stater column of
the October 11, 1952. issue, Vol.
XXXVII. NJ. 7. of theState College
News. I quote:

On Page 4 was Tom Eidred's in-
terpretation of the results of the
coming election. He made it after
taking many factors into considera-

qunder how the Soapbox came tion. and he acted as an individual.

to their conclusion when less than "0’9 “5 Forum.
one-half of the student body cast
their ballots. Besides. I thought Fo-
rum was an unbiased group . . .

The followmg ﬁgures are the

means by which we reached our
conclusion that “State Picked Ike."

From 740 votes cast. 470 were for
Ike and 252 for Stevenson. In terms
of per cent this is 63.5% for Ike as
compared to 63”» in the poll con-
ducted by your paper, and 34% for ,
Stevenson as compared with 36% in r" ""5 Emu":
your poll. According to your poll,

. I believe an apology of some sort
,, is due from the Editor of the Com-
mon—Stater column.
Respectfully yours.
Paul Saimond

Editor of Soapbox

Myskania. cognizant of the fact

“761 or 58.5% of the student body that peo -

_ , pie are becomi 
participated. By these figures there with the existing for-“mg glssadiiti‘hd
are 1301 students in the student mem in Student Associaugn '
body. In our poll 740 votes were cast nounces that n Wm hold “'03::

or by per cent 740/1301 56.8%.

forum on November 18. 1952, at 7:30

Therefore We did sample a majority pm. at a place to be announced in

of the student body.

As for Forum being biased. I can
see no reason for this statement or
implication. Forum has presented
both Democratic and Republican

order that individuals may present
their written organized plans for re-

(Continued on Page 3, Column 1)

 

speakers at its meetings. The con-

tents of Soapbox were as unbiased
as possible. On Page i we had a re-  

9a 14%

port on our poll. On Page 2 and 3
we had statements by students on
their choice for President. Nineteen
were for Eisenhower, 12 for Steven-

 

son. and onH for Hoops. These were

On The Light Side

Editor's Note: The
items which we feel are
of the mom'mt are reprinted from
a 1040 issue of the News.

incnt
following
apropos '53' The

Advice to the trash

(father good grades while ye muv.

The second your is tougher;

For this same prof who smiles to«
day A“

’l'omorrow will he rougher.

Q U 0
, election of
Workers earn it.
Spcndtln'itts burn it.
Bunkers lend it.
Women spend it.
ii‘orgers take it,
’i‘uxes take it.

Dying leave it.

llcirs receixc it.
Thrifty anv- it.
Miscrs eruyt it,
Robbers seize it,
Gamblers lose it . . .
I could use it.

voting was laid.

growing short.

At'toi
organizations.
missed.

The preferrntiul
was explained by Peter Teller and
Harold Smith. Seniors, of Myskunia
for the benefit of

Last week's assembly got under-
way with u constitutional amend-
concerning
that was read by Henry Koszcwski
amendment
changing the time of absentee vot-
ing from 12 noon to 4:30 p. ill. to
12 noon to 3.30 p. m. The motion
was tabled for one week.

absentee voting

proposed

voting system

the freshmen.

imaginary election ballot was
used for this explanation.

Ballots were handed out for the
Campus
The five candidates were int.r(xiu(.'c(i
to Student. Association before the

Day Queen.

The proposed budget of Student
Facilities Board was read by Bot-
t.y Coykendull '03. The budget was
partially discussed and then tabled
until a future assenuny as time was

uniwaxwements by several
assembly was dis-

 

Gama-31d»

By JULIE KOREA

VENI, VIDI, VICI?

Commons versus Cafeteria . . . It's been a long hard
fight and no one seems to be winning. Student Council
has fought a well-managed battle against the force"
which are being ably led by GENERAL DISORDER,
Finally. the ultimate step had to be taken—the mail:
boxes. those green pigeon holes which formed the
central assault force of the General army were con-
ﬁscated. Now the General must plan a new attack——
will his new secret weapon succeed or fall? We can-
not answer this tremendous question and we doubt
whether any of the high commands can either. we
must wait . . . and yet, can we. wait? Can we be
sure that the best group will win? It is up to every
individual in Student Association to make up his own
mind and to follow his own nose into the smoke and
fire of this heated battle.

DID YOU GIVE?

The twenty-six people who gave blood this week

to be highly commended. Not only did they dongt:
but they had to do it at 8:00 in the morning. We
hope that when further appeals roll around there will
be many more around who will volunteer. With such
good management and organization it seems as though
State should get behind these further drives and see
that they are a. success.

COULD THIS PERTAIN TO STATE?

We noticed a very choice bit in last week's ‘
the “Associated College Press Bulletin" as quotgis‘ltiofn
a statement by Michael Harrington. Mr. Harrington
asserted “A student newspaper is a. vehicle of stu-
dent opinion and should come out with its own ideas
Sometimes. student papers are at the mercy of the
faculty. but they should fight for student ideas nev-
ortheless.”

LEFT OVERS . . .

With the climax of rushing only a few weeks away
Inter-Sorority Council should once again initiato
“Help Week.” one of the best ideas to come along in
many a year. Of course. conversely the rushing rules
which are now in effect are some of the worst ideas
to come along in many a year Did you know that if
you have a sister or other relative who is a homesick
freshman you can’s talk to her after 7 pm. . . . We
noticed that the “Who’s Who" results are posted, now
the question is “What they did for what" . . . Campus
Commission reports that someone has been pilfering
the new' decks of cards which have been placed. for
everybody’s use. in the Commons. If all the world
were a big cake. there would still be a. few crumbs
around . . . It seems that the necessary quorum is
always present at the afternoon Bar Association meet-
ings . . . Is it. necessary to have an assembly devoted
to explaining the preferential system to the frosh?
If it is, then how about having carrots passed out at.
the door to the balcony so that they can see the
blackboard. Even the Seniors were squinting
Cracking up: No. It’s just the broken glass on the
tables in the game room . There certainly have
been radical changes in the Co—op this year. we won—
der if they are working out efficiently. One thing
which we would like to see back is the practice of
having some extra New York Times to sell to people
who don't have subscriptions, but who are still in-
terested in the news . . . Last week‘s comment
about the hole in the wall of Room 304
certainly got fast results. It's a job well done . . .
It’s certainly a tough life for the freshmen, one cut
sends them to the dean . . . Will the people who per-
sist in putting their coke and milk bottles on the
floor in the annex please start to use their heads.
Most of the time it looks like. a soccer field down
there with people kicking bottles to and fro. One of
these days somebody is going to score a goalie will
have his leg cut off trying to dodge the ball. Try
hard to remember, you dear little lunkheads.

“AUTUMN WIIIRL”

At last—~here it ism-the Stuuent Union dance being
held tomorrow night. This certainly is a great step
toward the future “Homecoming Weekend." See ya.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK . .
What’s in the book '.’ ? ?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 7

8 pm. SLS Rush Party in Lower liustcd.
8:30 pm. Potter Club Date Party.

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER ti
10:30 am. Rivalry Football, Dorm Field.
3 11.111. Potter Club Open House.

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 11
0:30 pm. AD Plays, Page Auditorium.

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 1:!

7:30 p.m. Soiree it‘i'uncuisc, Upper Lounge at llru~
bncher.

7:30 |).lll. Phi Kappa Phi movie, Page Auditorium.

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER l3

0am. to National ltklucution Week, Classes open to
3:30 pm. Public.

4 DJ“. Tea for Visitors. l'lrubuchcr.

4:30 p.111. Pushball (itune. Puuo Mold.

7 pin. Christian Science Organization. llruimcher.
7:30 pm. BCA Meeting, Brubuchcr.

 

DE llAnnounces
Clinic Schedule
In Merchandising

-A Merchandising Clinic with the
theme “Solving Present Problems in
Retail Store Operation" will be
sponsored by the Distributive Edu-
cation Club Monday through Fri-
day. The clinic will be held in room
147, New Draper.

The program for the week in-
cludes the following speakers:

Monday—tAi. 2:30 p.m., James E.
Lind, Assistant to the President. Al-
bany Public Market. will discuss the
subject, “Management Problems in
Retailing.”

Tuesday—Mrs. Edith F. Hayter,
Personnel Director at W. Whitney
and 00., will speak at 1:35 pm. on
the topic “Employment and Train-
ing Problems."

Wednesday — Walter Kaufmann.
Display Manager at Muhlfeider's
Solomon’s and the Linen Closet. will
discuss “Display Problems in a Re-
tail Store.”

Thursday—At 1:35 p.m., Charles
Wheeler, Vice President of W. Whit-
ney and Company. will speak on the
subject “How To Buy Ladies' Fash-
ions."

Friday—S. L. Wright, Manager of
Walgreen’s Drug Store, will discuss
the topic “How to Select a Location
and Open a New Store.” His lecture
will be at 2.35 pm

The speakers for the Clinic were "651!!!“

. rington.
Obtallled by a committee compose(i the Albany Home for Children: and

of Douglas Adamson and Haze
Jones, Seniors. and headed by Reno
S. Knouse. Professor of Commerce.
the club's faculty advisor.

Traveler To Talk
To Spanish Group

John Hall Blackburn, a resident of
Albany. who, with his family, spent
last winter in Mallorca. one of the
Balearic Islands in the Mediterran-
ean near Spain, will be the featured
speaker at a meeting of Pan Amigos
to be held Wednesday, November 19,
at 7:30 pm. in Brubacher Hall.

Blackburn, who also spent time
traveling in Spain, will speak upon
his experiences and impressions of
the country. Following the talk. a
discussion period session will be held,
at which tune students may ask
questions of the speaker. Irene Bre-
zinsky '53. President, urges all mem—
bers and students interested in
Spain and Spanish to attend.

GWM

(Continued from Page 2, Column 3)

 

vising the present system of student
government.

If you are interested in your gov-
ernment——now is the time to act.

Myskania
To the Editor:

Lust Fridays State College News
carried the following statement in
one of its guest columns. “What
about the mandatory dinner serv-
ice at six o‘clock in Styles Hall?"

The policy of eating at Sayles Hall
is about as flexible as that of any
other group house. The doors of the
dining room are opened at 6 pm.
and closed at 0:05 1)."). However. any
person living in the dormitory who
knows he will be late on account of
athletics, work. or any other such
activity can ask to have his meal
saved. When a person wishes to
make this arrangement. he merely
has to tell either th eehutl-wuitcr or
have his niet'suge conveyed to the
kitchen staff so that. the meal can
bes ct aside for him, and his meal
will be waiting for hhn when he
gets to thc dormitory. No one with
sufficient. reason and within bounds
is refused the right to out late.

Don't. make (illtL‘gi)l'i(‘.tll{#dttﬂllﬂlltﬁ
' . l’ real basis o no s.
“mm” m \ I“I‘illltiL‘l llodge

President

M..—

.loe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake. Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
it llARllERi-i
We Aim To Please

gamut-pomp! KIWI. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER}. 1932

Ermine-Robed Monarch Reigns Amid Rivalry Performances;
Gremlins Capture Campus Cup For Second Successive "Year

Pictured above is the Campus Queen and her court as they took thei

the coronation ceremonies Saturday night. From lef
n attendants: Nancy McEvoy and Marilyn
Junior attendants; Beverly Pranitis and Joan Allen.

Suspense and anticipation hover-
ed in the air Saturday night as on-
lookers awaited the coronation of
this year‘s Queen of the Campus.

Sighs, oh's and ah’s accompanied
Jeanne Corigliano down the aisle
and up to the stage where Helen
Pilcher. last year's monarch, accom-
panied by Rose Mary Keller and
Barbara Newcombe. waited to place
the ruler‘s crown upon her head.

The erminecrobed queen was at-
tended by everly Pranitis and Joan
Allen, Seniors; Betty Rose and June
Harrington, Juniors; Marilyn Gadd
and Nancy McEvoy. Sophomores;

SUB Delegates
Attend Conclave

Student Union Board has elected
Mary Ann Rolling '54. and Rudolph
DeSantolo ’53. as delegates to at-
tend the Conference of the Associa-
tion of College Unions. announces
Rudolph DeSantoio, Chairman of
the Board. The conference will be
held at Colgate University Decem-
ber 5 and 0.

DeSantolo also announces that
Shirley Callahan '54, has been ap-
pointed chalrman of the first sem-
ester Coffee Hour.

Members of the Board will put up
Thanksgiving decorations in the
Student Union soon.

Forum Board Elects
Two New Members

Forum has elected. two new mem-
bers to the Forum Board. announces
Douglas Nielsen ‘53. Speaker. Joyce
Turner '53. has been elected chair-
man of the school politics commit-
tee and Edward Lehman '54. has
been chosen secretary of the Board.

The Forum is a college organiza-
tion of students interested in the
vital national and political prob-
lems of the day. It aims to stimulate
a greater interest in current ques-
tions, to conduct investigations by
research and hearings about. issues.
and direct student participation in
college projects.

BREAKFAST

 

 

t to right they are:

Queen Jean Cori giiano.

no; '3

Strch e-Vote POT:
‘ Coincides With
Nation's Selection

State Votes Republican,
.OBserving Tradition

A "straw poll' of other colleges via
the Exchange has revealed that
State's and the country’s presiden-
tial selection was in keeping with
the choice of other college students
throughout the nation.

The results of the survey show:

College Ike Stevenson
Kansas U. ...... .. 1552 747
Ithaca   231
R.P.I. 9 337
Brooklyn Poly 86

Duke ..... ..  1078 456

 531

413

As will be noted, Canisius was the

only college in this poll that favored
Stevenson, and by a narrow margin.

The first Presidential poll taken
at State was in 1928. In seven straw
polls, State College has voted Re-
publican except in 1936. when. by a
narrow margin, the late Franklin
D. Roosevelt was favored. As a re-

I' Places on the re!“ throne louowml suit. State has voted as the nation

Gail Travil and Jane Anne Loman. did in three out of seven polls: in

Gadd. Sophomore attendants; Betty Rose and June Har- 1928’ 1936’ and 1952.
Senior attendants; Trainbearer Edward Nye of

 

 

______._.___._-.____._
and Gail Travis and Jane Anne Lo-
man, freshmen. Edward Nye of the
Albany Home for Children. in his
courtliest manner, attended the
queen as train-bearer.

Cheers and laughter greeted the
display of talent punctuated with
water. low-cut blouses and Raoul
O'Toole. The Tango regulated the
tempo of the skit. hindered by no
impish gremlins in a tanglesome
mood.

Later the New Faces of ‘56 took
the spotlight and captured three riv-
alry points with the frolics of

Numbers Racket
Grips State

Gambling has invaded the
sacred halls of Draper! A num-
bers racket is being carried on in
full view of the administration
down in the Co-op, State’s own
bookie parlor. Each week the
new management “pays off" the
winner in this new form of
legalized lottery. The big pay-
off consists of $2.50 worth of
coveted Co-op merchandise.

Alas! One lucky winner seem-
ed to have moral eompunotions
that hindered her from claim-
int,r her prize. For two weeks,
number 444 abstained from par-
tieipation.

The first winner of the big
pay-off became aware of her
good fortune at a very appro-
priute time: her number was
drawn on her birthday.

Thus far the female popula-
tion of SC’l‘ has had a Inono~
poly on lucky numbers. But be
not discouraged. men. Perhaps
you may be the next winner.

“Tally-Ho" “Behind the  TO Present

Screen" Devine. choreograiipher l1‘30b-l I . n I
bie Stein and he harmon ous c ora P F L f
mu... ‘ asslon or I e
Durin the skits our train—bearer
was kepT from getting gremlin ideas, I“ conjuncmon With American
when the chairman of rivalry com- Education Week. Kappa Phi Kappa,
mittee presented him with a lolli- the mmonal honorary educational
pc-p. fraternity, is presenting a motion
As the momentum of suspense and picture Wednesday night at 7:30
excitement mounted. the newly 11m. in Page Auditorium, informs
elected officers of the freshman William Helmer. Graduate.
class Were announced. amid rioting
in front of and behind the stage.
The subsiding of the cheering was
short-lived as the presentation of
the Campus Day Cup to the Sopho-
more class for the second successive
year brought thunder to Page au-
ditorium. and the end of a thriliful
evening.

SCA Will Choose
Two New Officers

Student Christian Association will The Showmg of the movie 15 open

hold elections for Vice-President and to u11 abudems' A charge of $35 will
Secretary at its meeting Thursday be levied to he”) defray the cost, of
evrning. according to Paul Word the mm! H is advised.
“.33. President. The meeting will be
held in Brubacher Hall at; 7:30 p. m.
For those who could not attend the
meeting. voting will be held in the
pcristyie between Busted and Draper
Ha is I-riday morning.

Ward also announced that the
regular Wednesday noon Chapel
will be held in the United Presby-
terian Church.

Weiner.

The movie, which was made in
France. is entitled “Passion for
Life." This film depicts the prob-
lems of a schoolmaster in France.
especially his problems with the vil-
lage. Indirectly through his actions.
he brings out some of the modern
trends in Education.

This 85-minute film has been re-
ceived very enthusiastically in
France and it has also received fav-
orable comments in this country,
Helmer says.

 

Capitol Press
P R l N T E R S

ALL TYPES
COLLEGE. FRATERNITY
SORORITY PRINTING

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

TELEPHONE 4-9703

170 South Pearl Street
Albany. New York

 

 

 

 

 

PALAGE lifti‘i‘t NOW

Robert. Mitchum - Ann lllyth
IN

‘One Minute to Zero’

 

CAFETE‘RlA

DINNE
MIDNIGHT SNACKS

REASONABLE PRICES
I" CENTRAL AVI.

LUNCHES

 

FACULTYE! STUEN'I'Si!

Add these items to your Xmas List
for Beautiful gifts at Real Savings!
I"()R EXAMPLF— Regular
Leather Zipper Portfolios: Price
Split (‘owhide .............  it 6.75
Top (train (‘owhide  ........ .. 11.00
Leather Zipper Binders:
Split. (‘owhide ................  .............. ..
’i‘op Grain Cowhide ................. 
Lcuther Brief Cases  .............  .... ..

SALE
PRICE
$ 4.95

6.75

5.95

12.35
12.00

with your choice of
personalization absolutely FREE at ‘
BUDGET BOULEVARD AND CO-OP CORNERS

STATE GOLLEGE 00—0!’

 

 

 

 

 

