 

 

0: -?;.‘(‘..l'ht-m swam.-.

u... \sv-x

 

..-,..W.W_W. __-. . . .
~ .1 "it"iimtif

r__»'r~.~z'vi a»... .-.,»..

axis».

 

 
 

" PAOI ‘I

The following procedure has been *

outlined for Moving-Up Day exer-
cises tomorrow:
I. Proces5ional—8:3o a. m.

A. 1. Seniors will form a double
line beginning at Minerva
and ending in the perister
leading to the Library.

2. Juniors will meet by the
Registrar's office and their
line will extend into the
peristyle of Husted.

3. Sophomore lines will start
in the Annex area at the
foot of the steps to Husted
and will end at the Co-op in
Lower Draper.

4. The freshmen double lines
will start behind the Sopho-
mores at the girl’s locker
room in Lower Draper and
will extend to the lower
Library. /

B. At 8:45 a. m. the procession
will begin with the Senior
class marching down the
front steps of Draper, turn-
ing right at Western Ave-
nue, then turning right at
the walk which leads to
Husted, turning left at

Husted, walking toward Al-
bany High and then right,
up the walk to Page Hall.
The Juniors. Sophomores.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NIWS. FRIDAY. MAY 9. 1932

MOVING-UP DAY PROCEDURE.

 

 

and freshmen will follow
the Seniors, in order, to
Page Hall.

II. Seating.

A. 1. Seniors in front,

section, main floor.

2. Junior in the right section
of the main floor and in
the right section of the bal-
cony.

3. Sophomores in the left sec-
tion of the main floor and
the rows left unoccupied by
the Seniors in the center
section.

4. Freshmen in the left and
center sections of the bal-
cony.

III. Moving-Up.

A. l.The Juniors in the balcony
will move quickly to the
right, down the right stairs,
and will fill in the seats
behind the Juniors down-
stairs, who will have moved
to the left. into the center
section.

2. The Seniors move left
across the aisle into the
Sophomore section.

3. The Sophomores will move
into the far aisle, up the
left stairs, and fill in the

center

. ﬁlm’s Mulbersity Jim

left and center sections of
the balcony.

. The freshmen in the center
section of the balcony will
move right, down, the right
stairway, following the Jun-
iors, and fill in the section
vacated by the Juniors. The
freshmen in the left section
will move across the center
section and fill in the front
part of the right section of
the balcony.

IV. Recessional.

A. Myskania leads, going out
the right center aisle, and
forming a line on either
side of Page Hall steps.

B. The four classes follow in

order:

. Seniors will go down the
walk by Husted Hall.

. Juniors will follow the Sen-

iors. At the end of the Page

walk, they will turn right
and proceed down the walk
by Albany High.

Sophomores follow the Jun-

iors, turning left at the end

of Page walk to go through
the Senior lines.

Freshmen will follow the

Juniors. turning right to go

is.

,—

N

9°

2“

O

‘ 6

MW
/
l . SIGNED  "

I

 

P

.  ,1 CHESTERFIELD is

with an extraordinarily good taste

and NO UNPLEASANT AFTER-TAS'I'E’k

through the Junior lines.

C. The classes will walk out
of Page in double file, the
couples splitting as they
turn either right or left to
form a single line on either
side of the path. The Soph-
omores go through the Jun-
ior lines. When everyone is
out of the auditorium, the
Seniors in turn go through
the Sophomore lines and
the Juniors go through the
freshman lines.

V. Forming the Numerals.
The Seniors will turn right
and form their numerals in
the corner of Page Field
nearest Husted. The Sopho-
mores will form their num-
erals in front of the Seniors
near Western Avenue. The
Juniors will turn left and
form their numerals in the
corner nearest Milne, The
freshmen will follow the
Juniors and form their
numerals in front of the
Juniors near Western Ave-
nue.
VI. Evening.
A. The Rivalry skits will begin
at '7 p. m. in Page Hall. Im-

mtain Sat-bit:

oriusron

 
    
  

 

 

‘From the Report of o Well-Known Research Organization

inmouiii ly‘i/ Kiniti A Mn: I i... i.

[On—-

 
 
 
 
   

CHESTERFIELD —lARGEST SELLING CIGARETTE m AMERICA’S caiiEcEs

 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
      
   
    
     
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
     
   
  
  
   

   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
  

MUCH MILDER

mediater after 'the skits
the classes’ will meet in
front of Draper and take
the following positions:

. Seniors stand on the steps

of Draper.

.Juniors stand to the right

of the Seniors, facing the
Library.

.Sophomores face the Sen-

iors. -

. Freshmen face the Juniors.

The Step Song will be sung
first by the Seniors. After.
they have sung it once. they
Will move to their left andl
stand in front of the trash,
The Juniors will sing the
Step Song once in place
and then will proceed with
their banner into the Hus-
ted side door of Draper,
and will come out the front
door of Draper singing the
Step Song. The Sophomores
will fill in the section va—
cated by the Juniors.

After the singing of the
Step Song, the Seniors will
turn and walk down the
sidewalk to Western Ave-
nue toward Husted Hall,
singing “Great Fires" as
they go.

   

 

   

 

   

  

 

 

 

  

 

     
 
  
   
  
  
   

 

2-456

Lannon Emerges

 

College

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MAY 10. 1952

Victorious In Presidential Contest;

 

grown Eliminates
Opponents; Wins
Vice-Presidency

Electors Name Battisti
To Secretary Position

Results of the elections of SA in—
dicate that John Lannon '53 will
wield the gavel, Neil Brown will
serve in the capacity of Vice—Pres-
ident, Mary Battisti, Secretary.
while Barbara Newconibc will direct
the group as songlcadcr.

Laniion scored an ovcrwhclniing
majority in the race for President
by scoring 369 votes over his op—
ponent. Harold Smith '53.

In an equally overwhelming" vic-
tory, Brown outdistanccd his near-
est rival, Clicriioff '53, by 300 bal-
lots. McManiis trailed Clieriiol’f by
19 votes in the balloting.

Miss Battisti led in the race for
Secretary of SA in the first distri-
bution and maintained the major-
ity of votes until she was elected
on the fourth distribution. Dorothy
Schatz '55 was the closest opponent.

Miss Newcombe, who has served
as Songlcader of ihc Class of 1953
won the election after she edged
out Evelyn Paulus ’53.

The Student Board of Finance
will be entirely made up of new
members. Coming from the Senior
class will be Roderick Hilsingcr,
Anna Oberst, and Beverly Pranitis
while Faith Hanson and Kurt Ros-
enbanm. Juniors.

Composing the Student Facilities
Board will be Elizabeth Coykciidall,
Edward Bonahuc, Seniors; Kather-
ine Oberst. Madeleine Payne, Jun—
iors; and Robert Inglis '55. Miss
Coykendall is the sole returning
mombcr to the Board.

Price Assumes

IPed’ Editorship

Pcrliigoguc. Sluti- (Iollcgc's your-
book will be undci' ihc guidance 01'
Veronica Price ‘53. who will serve
as Editor-in-Cliii-i' ncxi yciir. Don-
ald Putlci‘miin ‘52. outgoing islditor
also rciciiscd ihc iiaiiics ol' ihc
Sciiior lionrd lill'llllH‘i“, Senior
nicnibcrs and Junior Sinl‘l' incin—
bcrs, _

Juliii Korbn \\'l|.\‘ named as liiisi—
iicss Manager: Mlll'li‘l Woodman,
i-’hologi'aphy Editor; ll‘i‘lli' Dir-l;
Literary Editor: Joan Rcillcy, Ad-
vci'lisiiig Miiiingci'; Marion liciii.
l’crsoiiiicl Mining-r. niid ('zii'olnic
Unrulls, Excliniigc Ediior; :ill Hr'ii—
ioi's.

Ailiiiililllili'lil‘x oi Scniors Ii ihc
l'cd sliill‘ iiii'lliilc l\l:ii'_\:iiiiic ('oc-
cclli, liilii‘ix'i'iiiiilioly, .ioyci- i.i-oii-
:ii'rl. illlll l\l:ll'lll:| Nciclc/i'i'.

l“l'll|ll llll’ l‘lil‘\~ iil lilb-l llll' lol
lowing wi‘i'i- .‘~t'll‘('l('(l l'Ilciiiioi' liiil-
iiski. Ncil lil'ii\\ll, Hillilll linsli.
Hliirlcy l‘Iilslill, Ann Mlli'li' lluu.
lrlvclyn lx’niiiszik, John innig, Slu-
iirl M:I('lllil:li_\', :iiid l'ill/lllil‘lll Ross

Appoiiiliiii-iils lo the :.l:ill oI llll'
ycni'liook lroni llic ('lilsm oi lilfifi
will bc lllllilt‘ iic\i \l‘lll' Iboih first
and nt‘l'lillil sciiirslciw by llll' iii—
coiiuiig Fi-iiioi' lioiu'd, iiiiiiouiiccd
lll today's uswuibly.

McManus, Whittle Lead
Frosh Guide Program

Niiiir'y Wlillllc lllltl l’clci' Ml"-
Mllllllo, Juniors, wcrc iiniioiiiiccd
this iiioi'iuiig by llciin Hiokcs us
Co—(ihiiii'iiicii lor the your iiif‘l-
1953. Mill'jol‘li' Alguu'c illl(l HillJt‘l'l.
liiighcs, Sciuors. will M'ii’li iis
(iuldc Cllllll‘lllt‘ll l'or lriiiislci' iiiid
grudiuuc students.

JOIIN LANNON ’53
President of SA

Voters Determine
New Presidents

Leaders Chernoif, Coan,
Lombardi Guide Classes

Jo.~cph Lombardi was chosen
Prcsidcnt by the Class of 1953.
Marvin Chcrnoff was elected Pres-
ident oi" the Class of 1954 while
Robert Coan was selected to head
the Class of 1955.

The Scnior members of next
year‘s Student Council will be Ed-
ward Boiiahuc, Rosc Mary Keller,
Harold Smith, and Pctcr Teli‘er.
The Junior delegation is made up
01' Patricia Dcan, Pctcr McManus,
Madeleine Payne and Kurt Rosen—
bauni. DcWitt Combs. Junics Lock-
hnrt, Mary Iacovonc and Marilyn
Witischcn have bccii t'll()>(‘ll to rcp~
i'cscilt ihc Class of 1955 on Student
Council.

Officers of the Class of 1953 will
be Anna Obcrsi, Vlcc-Prcsidcnt;
Bcvci'ly Prunitis, Sci-rctiii'y; Wil-
liiini A(lillll>, ’I‘rnzisurci': Barbara
N c w c o in l) c , Soiiglciirlci'; Miii'y
liurkc, Publicity l)ii'ctcor: and Mar-
ilyii Adiiiiiiuk. (.‘hcci'lciidcr.

Ollici' officers of llll‘ Class of
1954 iiicliidc John Alliislo, Vicc-
Prcsidcnl; Kathcrinc ()bcrsl, ’l'i'ca—
.~:iu'ci'; lr‘uiih Hanson. Scci'clai‘y;
Jcssic llayiior. (Tlii-crlciidcr: (lcorgc
llaihiiwuy. Publicin Dircctor.

’l'hc officers of llic Class of 1955
ill‘l' Jouii (?:ii'liii. Vicc—l’i'csidciil;
Aiigclii Kni'iuiii'di, Sci-:‘clzii'y; Zor-
Aniic l.:iiiric, 'l‘rciisiircr; ltoniild
Kosicr, Publicin liii'ccioi'; Lorraine
liuchcs. (‘licci'liiidi-i'; iiiid Edllll
’I'ilii-i'ion, Songlcurici'.

Signum Laudis Honors
State/s Top Scholars

Ninclccn ncw incnibci's hiivc bccn
clcclcd lo Sigiuini 1.:iudis. lll'l'iil'tl-
ing to the honor socicly's Prcsi-
dcnt, Ruby Aiidci'son '51:.

John llopc llciiii, .quiiiic lliiycs,
John i.uidbci'g. Viola Mylcs. liiii'i'y
Hcoii, l‘llllllll‘ Hillllllllilll‘lil', iiiid
lu‘lciinor ‘l‘wccdic iii'c llic lll‘\\' incin-
bci‘s li'oiii ihc (‘liiss oi '.'i‘.!

l"l‘Ulll llic (Jlnss oi' 'liii Miii‘loii
liciil, liobcrt iici'klioi‘cr, li'ciic lirc~
mushy, Aiinii (‘lii'isiodiilii. ilclcn
lliigcl. Ruth iicrskowilz, Mlcliiic
l.iiMurcu. Ann Mclloiigull, liiirbiu‘u
Mendoza, Donald Sliiic, Aiui Stur—
gcs. and Joyce 'i‘ui'iicr wcrc accept-
cd into inciiibci'shlp.

 

Peace To Head
College [News]
For Next Year

Barbara Peace '53, who has act-
ed in the capacity of Sophomore
Desk Editor and Junior Editor of
the State (‘ollege News will as-
smne duties of the editorship next
week, as a result. of the elections
of 1951—52 News Board and as re-
leased by Grace Smith. retiring
Editor.

The former board increased the
number of members on the board
by two and also named two assist—
ants to board members. The offices
of Advertising & Business Mana-
gers were combined into one by an
election of the board. Jordine Skoff
‘53 will serve as the Business Man-
ager while Shcli‘a Hill will act as
the Assistant.

Name Blattman Sports Editor
Taking over the duties of the
sports department are Abel Bliitt-
man, Sports Editor, and Doris Di-
herty, Senior Sports Member. Eli—
zabcth Plait and lrcne Brezinsky,
Seniors, will serve as Co-Public Re-
lations Editor while Esther Maya-
kis and Henry Koszcwski, Seniors,
will act as Co-Managing Editors.

Also named to the Board are
Muriel Woodman ‘53, Exchange Ed-
itor. Mary Sicglcr, Circulation
Manager. Seniors; Joyce Surtes.
Feature Editor, lrciic Eldrcd, Sally
Gerig, Junc Huggins, and Catherine
Lynch, Junior Editors. Mary Reil-
ing will ilS>lllll(' the position of As-
sistant Circulation Manager.

ltclcasc Newspaper Staff

Fulfilling the duties of the sports
oi‘ the colligc ncwspiipcr are Joseph
Liicc. Philip Billings, Juniors,
Robert Ashi'icld and Walter Lau-
der, Sophoinorcs. From the class of
1955, Knihlccn Anderson, loan
Bai'iiovit1/.. Joiiii (.‘iii'lin, Alice Linu-
qiiic. Dulcy (il'illil, Mary Johnpoll,
Jenn Kcllci‘, Eula King, Doris Mc-
llilll, Dolores Moniiilbaiio. Jeanne
Moore, Kaihlccn Rcsicin, Evclyn
Itiibcn. Marilyn \Vcrbnlowsky and
Faith Wolil wcrc named as cub rc—
poi'lcrs to llic cdiloi'iiil stuff.

HodgeDeVinney
70 Lead Councils

l.)l'll.lllllll('.‘~ and Ari Council and
Music (‘onucil havc i'clciiscd the
i'csulls ol' llicir clcclions for new
ol'l'icci's and board incnibci‘s. Henry
Smith. l’l't'slill‘lll oi liivA Council,
announces ihiil i-‘xnnk ilodgc ‘53
will rcpliicc him :is lciidcr of that
oi'giiiiixiilioii. Mill'lllli Ncwlon, Prcs-
ldcnl of Music ('ounr'il, states lliut
.ioiin l)cVinnr-y ":53 will bc lhc new
l)ll'l‘l'lli|' oi llli' group's iiclivilics.

.loiiii 1.:iiiig M in to bc tiic ’l‘rciis—
lll'i'l' oi DNA and [{iilhlccn Ander-
mil '55 will lll'l as Scci'ciiii'y. 'l‘hc
ncw iiiciiilici'-. \llll bc Kiitlilecn An—
dorson iind Cliiirlcs Bcckwith.
Holiliriinorcs.

Miidclyu Mcicr 'Ji-i \ril act as
Scr'i'cliii'y of Music (Toiiiicil whilc
Wiliiioiilc Nash '53 will assume the
position oi 'l‘i'ciiriircr. New members
includi-z Priscilla .loiii‘s i'i'oni Wom-
cii‘s (.‘hoi'us, Miliui Ki‘cluiink l'roiii
Mcn‘s (.‘liorus, Hciiiors; Doiiiild
Duclos ironi ()pcrcilii. and Neil
Brown from ()i-clicsii'ii. Juniors.
l‘llcclcil from Music Council tryouts
\vci'c: Alici- Hicinpcl, Ai'llnc Lucy,
Juniors. l\'illlll'\'li Johnston ilil(l
Stove Ceriiiiik, Sophomores.

 

  
  

‘ ISSUE am'roas
 3mm, 0mm.
 “Mi

VOL; XXXVI} NO. 25

is.)  ,

Myskania Tapping Highlights MUD Actvities

Silence, Shouts Heighten Tapping,-
Ratio Shows Women in Majority

Today‘s Moviiig-Up-l)ay ceremony made known to members of
Student Association the ’52-’53 Myskania group. The new Myskania
will maintain the some number of men and women as the out-going
group six men to seven women. Three persons from SA’s suggested
list were elected, while seven persons from Myskania’s suggested list
were named to the honorary body.

Aficr the classes had moved up and had sung the traditional,
"Arm in Arm." tapping ceremonies were begun. A hush settled over
the crowd, while the old Myskania members took seats in the second
row of ihirtccn chairs on the stage. David Myron Shepard acted as
the spcakcr and annoiinccd the names of the new members of the
judiciary. while David Earl Manly, Chairman of ‘51-‘52 Myskania,
prcscnicrl ihc purplc and gold lasscls.

ll'i/lirrm ’I‘rciggur ll’i/cy and Joan chzctf were the first pair
to lcavc the stage to bcgin the tapping activities. From the stage,
Shepard boomed out the name of the first member of the incoming
Myskimizi. PETER ii. (‘AMER()N TELI’iR, new Pi Omega Pi
l’rcsidcnt. Senior mcmbcr to Slurlcnl Council and past President of
the Class of '52.

liEYERlA' JEAN l’RANl'l‘lS was the next person to be guided
to the stage by Victoria .‘llrly Eur/c and [Ir/cu I’i/i‘l/cr after the pair
circlcd the auditorium twice. Miss l’ranilis will be busy next year on
the Studi-ni Board of Finuncc, and acting as sccrctzii‘y for
llt'l' class. She is Slate's choice for the Tulip Quccn contest to be
held in Albany.

in a very solemn manner, loim .«llaric llriggcrty and Victoria
.ilur Eur/c 1ch the platform to seek out the person who would fill
scat numbcr ihrcc. Shepard then announced the name of BARBARA
ANNE Nl'l\\'(‘().\lltE, SA‘s new song-leader. Miss Newcoinbe has
bccn active in DNA, and in musical activities at State. She will hold
again ihc position of songlcadcr of her class.

_l()l-lN ROIiER'l‘ LANNON, newly-elected President of Sili-
dcnt Associiuion fillcd scat number four on the stage. T/Icrcsrz
I’m-m and Ito/Mr! J()S('/)/I Daiiiic/ly escorted Laniion to his seat. He
scrvcd as this year's \'icc—l’rcsidcni of SA, and as representative to
Siurlcnl (‘ouncil

'l‘lic lczim of l/m'ccy l.llii"l‘('llr'(' Ii’oliiusrm and Victoria .‘l/(u'ic
lid/(lino wci'c ihc ncxl pair to leave ihc stage to scck HAROLD
li:\(‘()N SMl’l'l'l, rcprcsciitzitivc to Student (‘ouncil for next year.
Smiih sci‘vcrl on Sliirlcnt Board of Finance this yciir. ’

ROSE MARY KELLER, the third woman to be tapped for
Mysluuiiii, \\':is brought lo the sliigc by llcm'y I’m/oil Smith and
Joan lir'liiic/l. Miss l\'cllci‘ in today's ccrcmonics wiis nzuncd repre-
scniiiiivc to Student Council. She has served as SA sccrctarv, and
has bccn very active in Student Council activities throughoiit her
college career.

Suspcnsc hung o\'ci’ ihc crowd :is ihc iciini of bit/(Hit! .llriric
[iii/(lino :ind lilurirm Lucille Gory/tic, saw fit to circle ihc assembly
iwo iinics bcforc siopping by ihc sczii of Rl'TH El.;\lNE DI'NN.
who scrvcrl on Sludcnl (‘ouncil in licr freshman yciir. Student l’a;
(‘lllllw‘ Hoard ihis ycaii'. and has bccn columnist for ihc .S'lii/r' (Vol/ccc
News. l -
\\’ilh only six morc sciils to bc fillcd, Diri'ir/ .l/vrou .S'lrc/irii'rl’s
voicc ('illllt‘ lril‘lll from ihc siiigc \riili .\NN:\ [CLIZAliE’l‘ll ()liERST,
who was inlu'ii io licr sciii by Ili/ri'i'y l.r/ic/'r'rri'w Ril/Ii/IJ‘UH :ind Ito/Mr!
.fo.\'r“’i// Honor/fr. .\ll\\ ()bci'si was choscn Vicc-l'rcsidcni of hcr class,
:iiid niimcil lo Siudcni board of ifinzincc for lli'.\'l \'t‘lll’.

'l‘lic fourth mun io lll' izippcd for Myskziniii wiis l"R.\N(‘lS
|"\'I'Rl(‘l\' lllilitiE. ncyl yciu's l)i\":\ l’rcsidcnt, :nid piisl chairman
of Sirilc l".'iii. .l/rl/‘frlll [mil/c (:‘o/zr/i'ii' :iiid llr'lll‘l' Iv'i'rrloii Sin/ill \vci'e
ihc li‘illil who sought llodgc in lhc :iudiioriuiii to bring him to the
sizigc.

chi iiuinbci' lcn wiis fillcd :if‘ci' 'l'/Ir'rr.rii l’oi'i‘i/ and ll'i/lirlm
'l'rwicqiu ll f/(_\' wciii iiiio ihc :iurli'iicc to cscori IUSEl’ll [Oi—[N
|.()M|i.\Rl)l up io ihc sliigc. l.om|v.u‘rli will lll'dil his class as l’i‘cs—
irlcui lll‘Nl ycxii'. and during iliis school )‘t‘ill', he has bccn Pi‘csidcnt
of lnlcr-lh'oup (‘ouni‘il :nirl iiclivc on lhc Studcnl l'iiion lillill'fl.

|‘Il.l7..-\lil'l'l'll JANE l‘l.:\'l"l‘, « lioscn as scci‘cliirv for (‘ommci'ce
('Iiib, sci'rcini'y for l’i ()iiicgzi Pi. and (‘o-l'ublic Rclziiions Editor
for ihc Mini. was liliiln'll by .lill/ll l/rrl'ir' lliigcr'rlv illlil [Ir/cu .llru'ic
l‘i/r/ri'i', io oicupy sciil iuimbcr ('l(\'l'll. '

.lmii/ .l/iirir' lliLlfof'liV :uid li’rI/ui‘l ./o.ic/)// I)iH/Ili’ff\' escorted the
his! \\‘(|lll.’lll nicmbcr of ihc iicw Mysluuiiii, l'll.lZ;\liE'l‘ll ANN C(lY-
lx’ENl);\l.l., lo ihc siiigc, Miss (‘oyliciidiill was ili’lilll‘il Io Student
Facilities board for Ili‘Nl yciii‘, i‘cpi'csciiliilivc to WAA, and named
to Honor (‘ouiicil for WAA.

HENRY .-\N'l‘ll()N\' KOSZI'IWSKI, the his! incinbcr of My—
skiiniii to bc liippcd, WilS choscii lo fill scat iiumbcr 13, and was
brought lo the stage by Ilcm'y lr‘c/iiim Smith (Hill Victoria [iii/(lino.
Ros/cwskl has bccn iiclivc in ltlt‘ activities, and was chosen Co—
Munzigcr of the .\'i'w.i.

  

