  

PAGE 2

Glory Seeking?

EVcry year students of this school run for an of~
fice, and, once they have attained the honor, are
unwilling to accept the responsibilities that go
along with it. This year, the members of Student
Council are overdoing this.

When the members of Student Association elect
representatives to Council, they have no way of
judging how much a particular representative will
contribute to the functioning of that body, except
perhaps on the basis of past accomplishments
(and usually popularity). The very fact that an
individual is running for such an office should
indicate that he is interested in it. From the poor
attendance record evidenced by Student Council
members this year. However, it appears that these
office-holders are not interested in the student
government, but are 'primarily concerned with
seeking additional honors in other activities.

This year Council members voted to begin the
meetings at 7: 15 pm. Yet, several times, the Pres-
ident of Student Association has had to wait any-
where frotn five to twenty minutes for a quorum
to get there in order that discussion might begin.
The fund collected from the members of Student
Council for tardiness at meetings is growing quick-
ly. according to the secretary’s books. is this the
kind of student government you want?

The problem of excuses, excuses which Council
members are taking advantage of this year is one
which definitely needs to be cleared up. According
to the constitution of SA, three illegal excuses
constitute grounds for impeachment. The power of
excusing members from council meetings lies with
the President of SA alone. The question boils down
to “what constitutes a legal excuse?", and the ans-
wer should be sickness only. Individuals who are
spending their time doing work for Dramatics and
Arts, the Athletic Department, and other organiza
tions whose meetings conflict with those of Stud~
enl Council should not be members of that Coun-
cil. The hitters meetings definitely should not be
subordinated to the activities of other organiza
tions on campus. Student Council members, you
took the honor last Moving—Up llayk-now take
the dirt that goes along with it.

Age Old Problem . . .

\Vhai? Thieves around State College? impos-
sible! Year after year students report certain ar—
ticles (ranging from a nickel to a sorority pin)
stolen at the college. Year after year the Xerox
points otit areas from which things are most often
taken (the men's and women's locker rooms and
the Huested "john"), btit. year after year. nobody
ever discovers the long-fingered individuals. The
question arises "what can be done?"

\‘arious individuals remind the student body of
the ethics of "the future teachers of America." A
great deal of nonsense. Teachers aren't supposed
to smoke, and. above all. teachers aren't supposed
to steal. This, however, is a stigma that is placed
upon the teaching profession. Perhaps it's abotil
time that yoti as a teacher faced reality. The ethi-
cal standards of the individuals making tip a pro-
tcssion vary froin person to person. You. above
all other individuals. should get rid of your stcrco~
typed ideas. The very fact that articles are miss-
ing means that someone is stealing. What can voti
do about it? Take care of your sttiff. -

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS
BY THE CLASS OF I918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
March 14, 1952 No. it

Member Distributor
.\snocliill'll t‘ollegltiti- l'ri-ss I‘olleglntc Digest
The undergraduate Ilt'erliIilit'l' of lllt' New York State Col-
lege for 'I‘oiiciu-rii; published every Friday of the College
your by the NEWS Hoard for the Student Association.
Ali-tubers of the .\'lu'\\'H stuff llIil_\‘ lil‘ rcuclii-d 'l'ui-adny illlll
:iiid \\'t-iliicsdiiy Irom 7 to II p III at '..'.'I.'I‘..'tl ICXI. ll. ‘
l'llliltl'r Sinilli. '_'7i:l'_’ll ldndc. Il'.‘ IIIle lliiriis, tlults'I-H‘.
OILH‘l‘i HAII'I'H - - - - ~ ~ - - - - Editor-lti-(‘liinl
VH'TOIIIA ICAIHVI r - ~ - - - - - )liiiiiiulim Editor
NOIIINIC (‘AIHIILL - - Public Relation» Editor
DONALD IHIILNH - - - v - - - - Hportu Editor

 

VOL. XXXVI

ROIIICR’I‘ JAI‘OIH’ — - - - — - - IIiiiiliiciiii .“llHMKI'I‘
BARBARA JOH'III ~ - - - - < - (‘lrculiitlon Milliiiucr
DOROTHY Iii-(‘lt't‘O - » - - - Illxcliiiiiuo ltldltor
PATRICIA liAltOl'l-H'ii ~ - - - - Advertising ICdltor
llll'JN‘l'} IHH‘JZINHIC \' - r — - ~ Ifeiiluru l'Iilltor
HENRY KOHZHH'MH — - - - - - - Anuoeluto ICdltor
I'iﬁ'l‘HIClt .\l.\\'r\l(ll‘i - - - - - - - Aimooluto Erlltor

liiUiliAltA i'l’iAf‘l’l - - - - v - - < rliiiiiicliitii Editor
l'llJZAith'l'll l‘l..\’i"l‘ - - - - Aimoeluto l'lilllor

All t‘tllllililllill'lilllillil iiliould be addressed to the editor llllll
must llt‘ signed Nomi-rt Will be Willlili'lll upon request.
The H'l'A'i'l‘l f‘fil.l.lt}(il'l NEWS iiNiiiillit'ri liii t‘espotinllililly
tor opinion-t cxpt‘cimi-il In its columns or ('tililllilllilt'illitillN
its dict. i‘\|tl‘l'-<hltlllil do not iii-i-eimiirlly reflect its view.

 

“0-”

 

STAT! COLLIGI NIWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 14. 1952

1

as
\

2/1-
W

 

“The cafeteria is all right if you like frozen food."

 

jaundiced view

By ARTHUR LENNIG

State‘s a great place. Most of us
like it. Many of us love it. We‘ve
becotne used to its failings, both
averagewise and otherwise. Let's
pretend that yve are seeing this dear
old plac through the scrutinous eyes
of a stranger, perhaps an Arabian
potentate. or maybe a Russian no-
man and some. other notables.

Let‘s take “la. Grande Tour" and
start with Hawley. After inttch per-
usal ottr guests will discover a dii‘tli
of pedolog'ical books in Hawley
which stem from it long past era. In
fact rumor has it that. there are
still some first edition scrolls (le-
scribing the raising of Isis from the
dead.

Next we go into the long, cherish-
ed. dark hall of lower Draper where,
to the right. we sense the locker
room. There. like miniature towers
of Pisa. lean the lockers. The clean.
fresh air of the rootn invigorates
us; we hurriedly leave this veritable
purgatory! In ttpper Draper we see
the dingy classrooms \\'lli'.'iI are s.)
conducive to learning and fits of
sonmabulism. "Regardez le nonveau
Draper!“ Nice. Clean. Hooray! Hoo-
ray!

Back to the pit! We stride titan-
i'tilly or womanfully. as the case
tiiay be. through the periszyle L’I
Hosted. "The proof of the pudding.“
There we are generously givcn
flashlights. with a reckless disre-
gard of expense. so that we cnii
strike out a path into the unchart-
cd (feel) of the nuiln floor. With our
weather cy'cs we follow smite litm-
gry students (5)1 into the inturno.
known in stag company as the (Join-
mons. We see the students l ‘tlll ON"
the railing. pccr absentmiiidcdly' at.
the choice of sandwiches niid the
prices. mid calmly crawl away. it ll
quite so hungry. Sour- disgriiiit'.-l
cynic nntttcrs. "’l‘hc it‘ilt'lit'l's of to-
morrow will have the uIci-rs of to-
morrow." If Walt of ()ckics i'ninc
can provide a damn good hamburg-
(‘1' with l“1'l‘li('il tries for is.” we inur-
vcl at. thi- nutritional and enlortl‘iz-
potentialities of ottr cafeteria.

We entered lllt' Commons Sonn-
of the more conscientious guests
luti'rledlv lii'ti‘lll‘t'(l towels, thinking
it a Turkish hath. We hayc li‘.itil)lc
lircnlliiiig. Stunt-oni- ~uggcsts t’uit
we hati- some air. li‘amous last
words. The windows are iitiiled
down! Do they teach logic here?

The vlsihihtv is 51) poor that even

with the aid o1 \\llllt' cuii"s and
bloodhound we arc unable to fitnl
oitr way back.

llack oii llic liilllli floor of llnstcd.
it you pardon tiic expression. on!
('llll‘l'])l'liill.§ nest Izills o\cr iln- bul—
lot box. mutt~rs, "Vote row A Ill
the wax." or is it. “Maw 21 Mania'.‘
Him for Myskunta." turn. qiiickl'..
«pit-cues through the on” open door.
and is greeted by "Watch This

 

Space." He stands there. watching.
' . dreaming dreams no mortal
ever dared to dream before”
waiting for Berle. Kukla. or sotne
other worthy, and is happy to find
hinzself carrier along with a large
crowd. borrowed no dotibt. from the
mob scene of Quo Vadis, In fact he
hears somebody yell, "Burn the
Christians."

As the l't‘llllilllill; few of us stagger
down the block. iiituli later. and
stare through blood shot eyes. at
the school we marvel at its virtues
and shoot a quick and incredulous
glance at the catalogue.

 

70-h" In 7/“ 7044»:
By JEAN RASEY

 

13.).) Snyder is haying tiie Genial
Ii'.s.i (.‘xcntleniaii. Att Mooney and
his oniid. tor a repeat ptrfo-rmant-e
at the Circle Inn this Sunday from
i131) pin, to 12:30 pm.

"l y'gmalion“, Crccrge Bi rnard
Shaw's tainotts cockncy cindcrclia.
is now illilit‘tti'lllg for a tlircc week
tun at the Playhouse under the
miiciion of Eugene O'Sullivan. [an
Keith. whom many of you saw as
the dcliglittnl out lii\.iti,) ill "The
Velvet Clove“. is again joining the
Hayhouse for this production. Mr.
K 'lill has apprtn'cd in uh oi Shake-
.pcai‘c's trav.c.'iics. and also in M‘V-
ii'al film: He has t.\'ice been (lur-
lio\ ll'ililllL: man. has appeai'cl un-
der DcMillc's direction ftinr Linus.
:i_.ptiii‘cd as Joan lilondcll's hus-
i;.tnd botli In the film “nglttiitai'c
Alley" and last summer 011 the
>illl\\'lllll circuit in “Come Back
little Sheba".

’liiei'e will be a one man showing
ol the (ills, \y‘ulzit'colcrs and draw-
in.~ oi Nicholas Apgttr March ill
1.) ill) at the Albany Institute of tits-
lot“. and Art, The ]I:Illlilll‘.l.\, n I'eu-
int.- oi the liiitcii in the lliulson
.‘\llii)lis tit-Indi- lan'scnpcs. inter-
Lot's and sea \l'lilil"u.

’l'lic llixlllllilt ‘Alnllts to urge all
ltllt‘L.’,t' students inicristctl Ill music
to ;.iicnd ilit‘ll‘ Sunday afternoon
littl>lt'tll lii'iigi‘uiiis. 'l'ills Sunday niitl
the following Sunday the Albany
‘y‘lillilltilly (irelnstra will be re-
liitiisliig .il '1 till pin. and the pub—
lic is invited to nttcinl

'Ii.ic Alii'lioii 'I‘hculi-r. popular
will Hltiic Hilltlt'lll‘x i,t‘l'.lll.\.' of its
pii=\;iiiill\ :liltl Jitic admission, is
featuring "Westward the Women"
this Friday. Saturday afternoon
“'l‘lic Wizard of (12." will also be
shown Hun. Mott. Illlll 'l‘tics will
llll\'l' "'l‘liis Woman is l)uiigcrous"
with .lonii Crawford and "l'nssuge
West" with John Payne and Arlene
Whaleii.

 

 

Gama-Staten

-ny SHAFER and mantrax

QUESTION . . .

Why can't CASDA hold their meetings in soup
other room beside the Richardson Lounge? We count
ed only ten people in that spacious room this Tues-
day, while twice as many students stood outside
looking for a space to study. The sign on the door
made it quite positive that you wanted to use tit:
Lounge that day you could do so from 12:15 to 1230
Even one of our own faculty members who bad sign
ed up the room for 3230 was told she would have to
wait a few minutes. We can understand that C‘ASDA
wants a comfortable room for visitors . . . but is n
fair that students and faculty alike are deprived o‘
the use of the this room, espicially since the Common
is like a gas chamber? Can‘t the administration pro-
vide suitable rooms for small meetings?

UNION TROUBLES . . .

What's the use of harping Student Union
Board tries to do its best in the Snack Bar by having
iules pertaining to the picking up of dishes. It seems
that we can't do anything about the dirt that's at-
ready there . . . but why add to the general disorder?

INTERESTING FACT . . .

It seems that many students are asking this ques»
tion. “Must we as sitidents take ms; and backtalk
in our own Snack Bar?" Probably many of you have
stsod at the fountain. dying a slow death due to
malnutrition. while certain individuals who are be-
ing paid to wait on all find it a little difficult to wan
on anyone bttt their friends. When you finally sum—
mcn the nerve to shout out your order. you are told
to wait, or el e given the explicit directions as to
how to get to the. Morris Diner. Come onv—iio dis-
crimination! Let's all be buddies together.

COMING SOON . . .

In fact tonight-—-two one-act operettas; let's stip—
port Music Council and all the kids who have worked
hard on this. In our hurry to support other athletics
or dramatics, we think students are apt. to forget.
State‘s musical talent. This year. the trend is to be
overly critical of student endeavors; we hope tin»-
attitude won‘t carry over to the Operetta. The former
practic was to give one Operetta in two or three
acts. bitt this year. we're having two shorter I)l'('~
sentntions—a folk opera and a Gilbert and Sullivan.
which stand a good chance of satisfying all tastes.

KID AROUND THE CORNER . . .

Let's applaud the Varsity Club who raised $137 in
their benefit game with New Paltz. This proves wr-
do havc a charitable bone in our Student .Body' .
or something.

JUST A SUGGESTION . . .

Be careful when entering the dark student ae-
tivlty rooms. you might disturb a stttdent activity.
Student Union Board. you better extend your rifles
to these rooms as well as the lounges.

0", FOR AN AIR CONDITIONER . . .

in the Commons, We hear the Albany Fire Depart-
ment has been worried about the smoke escaping
front the windows.

BY THE WAY . . .

Why in heck doesn't somebody. anybody. do sonic-
thing. anything around this place? We'd love to be
bitter. bttt ltttt‘i‘.’ yott can't even get a fourth for
bridge. This year, the whole school seems to be at
its lowest ebb. We coinplaiiiweverybody complains
about the existing conditions. but the things we all
gripe about are not nearly as bad as the general at—
tittltlc of indifference which has gotten a substantial
toe hold and is growing among us. Indifference about
school activities. class activities. rivalry . . . we could
go on forever. We are not suggesting an epidemic of
rabble rousing; we just want a reassurance that
"there's life in the old school yet.“

Ql'lCH'I‘ION OI" THE WEEK . . .
How do you charter a boat. for Brubttcher‘.’

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, MARCH Iii

3:30 pm. State vs. University of Dayton lll
Draper Auditoriiuu.

8:30 pm. Operettth iii Page Hull

SATURDAY, MARCH 15

7:01) am. Newman Club Lenten

Mass at Small (irotto,

“State College ()n The Air" (iy't'i'

WROW.

1i:.'lll |).lt1. ()pcrcttas in Page litill.

Sl‘NliAI‘. MARCH lti

(Hill a m. Newman Cliib Lenten Itclt'cul Mum‘»
at. Small (il'UliU.

ltiptili am. A It: l’ln pledge party

AI:.ill p.m. llcla Zeta buffet supper.

’i‘l'l'In'DAY. MARCH III

7:30 pm. Kappa Phi Kappa meeting 111 lira—

. pcr Lounge.
li:.ltl |i.lii. Al) plays in Page flail
WIIDNIIISDAY, MARCH I'J

Retreat

1:15 pm.

noon SCA meeting in Park United
h l"i'l‘.~il),\|l'i'lllli Clittrcli.
"-00 ll.lll. SCA Lenten Series discussion itl

lir. (‘olliy's

Canterbury Club meeting in Bru-
bnclicr llllll.

Lecturc oii "Living In Africa" I“
Drnpcr Auditorium.

'I‘III'RHDAI'. MARCH 30

noon lVCli‘ meeting lll lirnpcr I‘ll.
.I:.lti pin l"til'lliil meeting [11 Richardson
Lounge.

'I‘KA initiation in Ili'ubaclier Hull.

'1 (III ]i.ltl

ll:Ilti pin.

li'Utl pin.

 

 

Religious“ Clubs
Release Agenda
Of Activities

The religious clubs have released
an agenda for the week which in-
eludes an annual retreat by New—
man Club, a spring conference by
SCA and other Lenten season ac-
tivities.

A delegation of nine representa-
tives front SCA will attend the
Spring Conference at Wells College
in Aurora. New York this weekend.
Tne theme of the conference is to
be “Why am I here~do I have a
vocation as a Christian student?"
Dr. Frances Colby, Instructor in
English. who is attending the week-
end conclave with eight students,
will be a seminar leader in one
of the Saturday afternoon sessions.
The eight students who will attend
arc: Jane Tttrner. Grad; Helen Pil—
cher. Joan Tlttts, and Richard
Btick. Seniors: Lillian Weller. ‘53;
and Mary LaPree. Marian Michael.
and Luella Ptacck. freshmen.
Boyer To Address (‘hapel

The regular Wednesday noon
meeting held at the Park United
Presbyterian Church at the corner
of South Lake Street and Western
Avenue will have as its speaker. the
Rev. 'I‘i'ncy‘ Iloycr of the First Pres—
byterian Church. and the leader will
be Williniii Collins 
Newman (‘liib Slates Retreat

Newman Club's nnnttal Icnten
retreat will be held today and to-
morrow with mass at 7 am. and a
sermon and benediction of the
Blessed Sacrament. a; T ]).lli. Sitti—
day' at It :i.lil.. mass will be held
in the small grotto of the Vincen-
tian llisilliliti on Ontario Sirent to

{Continued on. Page 6, Column 1,1

Science Faculty

Plans TV Show

The biology department is pre-
senting a television program today.
Dr. Minnie 13. Scotland, Professor
of biology. l1ll.\ announced. The pro—
grant is from I] to 11:31) am over
.‘lillltlll WltCill.

’l'lic l)lll‘]ltir~t‘ of the program is
to present some of the field :is-
pccls of biology. as taught at State
(follc'u'. Dr. Patti Lemon. Assistant
Professor of Biology. and William
1‘). Warner. .li.. Instructor in Bio—
logy. will act as moderators ol the
presentation.

The student demonstrators are
l‘idwnrd ’l'reacy. (lrndualc student.
Doris Vatci' and Raymond Champ-
liii. Seniors. The techniques of col-
lccting' and preserving specimens
on field trips will be shown. Other
demonstrations will include infor—
iiintioii about such material as the
preservation of ferns and the dif-
Ii-rcnccs between mushrooms.

lGC Members Elect

Three For Committee

An announcement front the lit-
tciutlioiip Council of State College
lun- riycnlcd that three :~ttltlcttls
llil\l' lii'cit f‘l‘ll‘t‘ll‘tl iii si‘i'vc till the
Htittlciil-l"nculi_\ coninnilcc. Accor-
uiiig to .l.i,cpli l.oiiibui'di Till. l’l't'\~
idciii oi lllt' Council. ilic group will
lllt'l'l \\llll the pi'olcssoi« ot Ilic col-
Icizc In order to inipi'oyt- tlic l‘t‘l:t»
lli'ii:~lil|i\ of [ill' sllltlt‘iils itlltl iii
i‘t‘\lt‘\\ llll' curriculum In respect to
iiiti-i‘~;:i'tiiiti patterns of life

lll addition to Lombardi. Noritic
Cniizill It! and ll'l'lli' Johnson ‘irl
.iic tiicinbcrs oi the coiiuiiiltcc
\\'iili thc Inciilly. tlicy' \\ill attempt
to ititiottiicc Itllt'l‘—t:l'till1) niul llllt‘l'-
t'lililil‘dl tilllt'lllltill into the curiicu-
liiin ot the college and “Ill try to
:il't'i\l' .il u (ll'llillll' liliilil“~l;iiitl|li‘:
oi littil\ltll1;ill:vlii‘ atid izi'onp prob~
ll‘lli till lllt' I'Iliil|lll.\.

.

l I
do; .010. . .‘li. Flu era 6’9"]

 
   

('oi'nei' (liitai'io N licnsou

STAT! COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. MARCH 14. 1952

 

p01u'n7 0004 7/” gaze/range

 

Consolations to all ye who des-
pair. It's good for you! At least.
that's what Dr. Victor Frank], pro-
fessor at Vienna. thinks. since he
feels that; there are less suicides
during hard times because then
human will power toughens under
pressure. "In Sweden and Switzer-
land." he says, “both holding the
longest peace records in Europe, su-
icide rates have been for many
years the highest on the entire con-
tinent.“ Well. looks like you can’t
win; if It isn‘t war. it's pence.

Is our generation materialistic-
ally minded? Is it ever! From the

Arizona Kitt-Kat comes poetic
philosophy:
Despite the preachings of the

Women's dean.

This distressing condition Survives:
A coed will happily date a Cad—

Education Plans
Will Augment

Summer Session

The Education Department. in
accordance with its plans to extend
further opportunities for students to
take courses in Education, are offer—
ing new courses in the summer
scaool program. Students will also
be able to take Education 20, Edit-
cation 21. and Education 213 A and
B. according to Dr. Don A. Orton.
l i'.>i'c.~sor of Education.

New courses to be offered are:
Clinical Improvement in Reading
in the Secondary Schools; Art Edit-
cation in Ihc Public Schools; In-
:lividuul Problems in the Teaching
of Mathematics; Individual Prob-
it-ins in the Teaching of Social
Sindics; Individual Problems in
H: her; New Perspectives in Ten—
chin; i‘indish; Administrative Or—
'_.ilil7.ilitiil. Problems. and Proced—
l'l‘.S in Adult Education: Workshop
in Community Studies and Inter-
(il‘l‘ll'i Iii-l-itions; Workshop in
l‘ro'ﬂcnti iii the Junior Hit—{ll St'hOiil
l-Idiic.iticii: Workshop Problems ot
the Core Program and Unit. Teach-

Lilli.

 

lit‘iillllil' courses that will be of-
" rd din-in; the summer session
arr liiiucation ‘10. Human Behav—
ior and Learning: Education 21.
Crow It and Development. of Ad-
olis-ciits- and Education 213 A and
It. Audio—Visual Materiah of fit-
.~ti'uc:'on and its accompanying La-
'.o:'ntni‘y' L'iitll'~t‘.

( 'inniitfecs in the department Ill‘“
locating laboratory facilities for
vtudcnts in professional coursis.
There has been an increase in ob-
servance opportunities in Milne. and
additional o‘ns 4rvution privilege. are
now llt‘ltig provided ili oft-campus
.mhons ~uch as Albany Iliin School.

Campus Commission
To lnilioie New Plan

Students will be allowed to cat
in the Commons ditriiig it two week
trial period starting Monday, Kath—
lccn Ryan ‘5 (fraud Marshall ot
(‘nnipiis Commission, has nnnoun-
('t‘tl. This change in rules is de-
signcd to alleviate the congestion
in the Annex.

1"

II this program succeeds, it will
become permanent policy, grant-
ed tliul students place all trash III
the cans provided for it. and return
all bottles to their proper contain-
crs More tables will be set tip iii
the Commons front ll am. to 1
pm, liil' only hours when eating
will be allowed in the room.

FLORIST 8t
GREENHOUSE

llial 4-11.25

('olleg‘e lt‘lorists for Years

Special Attention for Sororities and li‘raternities

Especially if that's what he drives.

Swineburn would smile in his
grave if he ever got wind of this
headline from Georgia's Emory Uni-
versity: “Sweet Swan Song Sung
In Silent Sylvan Setting." This is
alliteration for you!

Speaking of headlines. the Uni-
versity of Akron became painfully
truthful with their: “College Af-
fects Few Students."

Having trouble with mid-sems?
Frotn the University of Colorado‘s
Silver and Gold comes an analysis
of various ingenious cheating meth-
ods. which. states the paper,
‘usually take more thought and
preparation than studying for the
test would require." Students have
used shirt cuffs and white bucks
for crib notes, and some have even
used their bare hands. Seems like
it would be easier to use your head.

Shakespeare's universality has
been proved by spot quotes printed
in the Minnesota Daily:

Cramming‘ at 3 a.in.: "How weary.
stale. flat and unprofitable seem
to me all the uses of this world."
Hamlet. Cramming‘ at 7 a.in.: “It
is not for your health tints to com—
mit your weak condition to the raw
cold inornitig."Jttlitis Ceasar,

Fountain pen leaks: "Out. damned
spot! out. I say!" Guess.

Teacher hands otit tests: “0 most.
pernicious woman! 0 villain. vil-
lain. smiling, damned villain!"
Hamlet.

 

Mystery Tune
Supplies Clue

“'I‘a ta tum. purple shadows
and ta ta tum; with echoes that
still remain—-" Stop the ini-
sic! (lot it? Not yet?

Try these hints. It's "bright
light, gay. heady." [1's bubbl-
ing, sparkling. liquid iinig'ic."
Still haven‘t got it'.’ Well. keep
trying; it's all in the game.

What g‘anie'.’ It's a kind of
name guessing game. guessing
the name of the theme for the
.ltiiiior l’i‘oin. If those jumbled
letters oti blue bubbles in lower
Draper have been confusing you
stop. look. and think. All the
letters are there. really.

If you're still in the dark.
grab ll ultelele and start strum—
ming away. Careful. watch the
music! Every note counts.

Don‘t dmpair. Keep trying".
keep looking. and keep hum-
ming. "Ta. ta tuin, purple shad—
ows and ta ta tuni——."

Red Cross Unit
Requests Support

A call for Silt(lt‘lil\ to work in the
National Hid truss tttiid di'.ic ha.
ilti'il i.llt'tl by Manure: Hiiiytlie
'oil. President of the State College
llllll. tiray in.li.\ who wire n..t
able to work last semester are H'-
oiicstid to contact Miss Siii:.i..c it
they wish to >1rvc this M‘dil'di‘l'.

l).'lit‘l'.\ tor the motor llllll are
urgently needed. 'l‘licn' duties will
consist oi iirtv.ng under]irivilcgcd
children to and Irom \i'llilfll and
taking coltcc and doiiiiis to the III-
’llll‘llttil t'l‘llltl‘. Any student llilt‘l'~
t'.\lt'il in (ll'l\lll', tor the iii.ilol' tliili
is i‘cqi:s--te.l to contact Mus Sinylhc
us soon as po~sililc.

 

 

i|.IO,[ .iiax ‘A'uiituv
.iiiuaa‘t uostpiiw gt;

2,9, uosaaagl .iti.i|.i\i .ms .to

lillLli“l' i'lNOllrliil’lI'IJ.
I)N l.l.Nlll(l Add lit )llU‘n‘

"W N lliif.l.V {lei ‘lill )1~l'l'lU.)
HlilrlAd. ’l’lV

Siaiuiid
ssaad toitdeg

 

Truman Will

Newspaper

 

VICTORIA EADE
President

Forum Names
UN Speaker,
Special Election

Plans for Forum‘s regular Thurs-
day meeting and information con—
cerning an institute to be held for
college students have been released
by (Ilenn Armltnge ‘52. Speaker of
Forum. Armitage has also disclosed
information concerning the Mock
Security Council which three State
representatives attended last week-
end.

(‘liiltlers to Discuss UNESCO

Dr. James Childers. Professor of
Modern Languages. will appear b-
1't.re the Forum meeting Thursday.
He will discuss a UNESCO confer-
ence which he recenin attended.
The meeting will opei‘ 'iltursday at
313.: p m. in the Richardson Lounge.

A special election will be held
soon to determine the recipient of
the scholarship to the Seventh An-
nual litter-Collegiate Institute on
the United Nations. Arinltage stat-
I‘ll that. all nominations for the
scholarship should be given to Eti-
genc Webb '55, via student mail,
before 12 noon Monday.

Students Attend Mock (‘ouuell

Donald Dean. Grad. Arniitagc.
:ill’l Clarence Mosher '55 represent-
ed State at. the Mock Security
Council. held at St. Lawrence Unl-
vcrrity in Canton. last weekend.
'Ihey acted as delegates for the
Netherlands. The conference includ-
ed students from eleven colleges in
Northeastern upper New York and
Canada. State led the fight against
a resolution by Pakistan iClurkson
Collcgci to bait the French from
’l'unisiu and make the country a
temporary U. N. trusteeship. ’l‘lic

rcolntmi \\'ll\ decisively defeated
by the Council. State was repre-
:cn'.cd at the Council for the first
time this year. and has been invited
to attend again next year.

 

 

 

 

' PAC! 3

Address
Delegates

Eade Assumes
President’s Role

'News’ Staff Members
Participate in CSPAC

President Harry S. Truman will
be the main speaker at the Twenty-
Eighth annual convention of the
Columbia Scholastic Press Asso-
ciation which Is meeting in New
York City this weekend according
to Grace Smith, Editor-in-Chlef of
the State College News. Members
of the News Board left Wednesday
night to attend this annual Con-
t’ei'ence.

The convention will offer a ser-
ies of more than 150 meetings. All
phases of writing, editing, publish~
mg- and advising student publicas
tions will be covered in the section~
al and divisional meetings.

List 'I‘oplcs For Meetings

Among the basic topics to be dis-
cussed in the newspaper clinics
are “Newspaper Layout“. “Headlines
and Headline Writing" and "Editor-
ial Policies and Practices in the
College Newspaper". Special atten-
tion will be given to each paper by
authorities in the field of journal-
ism. The various newspapers, which
include most. of the larger univer-
sities. of the United States will be
en display at the Rotunda of the
Low Library at Columbia Univer-
sity.

Announces Ilonors

The Association offers awards to
the vnriotis publications which en-
able the newspapcrs staffs to de-
termine their standing in compari-
son with similar cfforts throughout.
the country. The State College News
has received the Medalist award for
the past fotir years. which is the
second highest offered by the As—
sociation. Probably the greatest
honor given to State College by the
association was the election of Vic-
torin Eade. Managing Editor of
the News. as President of the CS

(Continued on Page 6, Column In

Collins Appoints
Co-op Manager

A graduate student. William En-
gclhart. has been appointed inan-
ager of the State College Co-op.
The appointment was inn-tie Friday.
February 29. by Dr. Evan R. Col-
lins. President of the College and
head of the Student-Faculty Asso-
ciiitioti.

The appointment of Englehart.
who was gl'tltilllltt‘t’l from State as
a member of ill“. class of '51.. was
made as a 1‘0 lili of t"(' recent i'e-
signation of J. J. Morits from his
position as manager of the college
litrok and striva store. Morris now
iliillls‘ a ncsiiion with the Smith
Paper Connrnny in Albany.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDlO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
s s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

 

