 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

it’s About Time . . .

Year after year one of the gripes of Student As-
sociation is the college cafeteria. Previously, before
the Boulevard cafeteria closed there was an al-
ternative. Now we are the victims of circumstances.

Never before did the student body have anything
to compare to the college cafeteria. When we con-
sider the differences in the grade of food which is
served in the snack bar in our Student Union and
our college cafeteria, the question which enters our
mind is “why?”

Five years ago there was a big “to do” in Stu-
dent Association concerning the prices and the
grade of food served in the cafeteria. At that time
one of the members of the State College News was
promised ﬁgures and facts to be printed in the
paper which would prove that this institution has
its problems too. When the timeicame for publica-
tion it was made known that “it was of no interest
to the Student Body” and the publication was not
made available. According to the editorial page of
the News in 1947, the same gripes and the same
problems are still with us.

Perhaps it used to be the freshmen who “didn‘t
know their way around yet” who ate in the cafe-
teria. Now, whether they want to or not the up-
perclassmen have to eat there. It perhaps is none
of our business as to how the management of the
cafeteria spends the money, but the grade of food
and the prices we are paying are definitely our
business. Wednesday night Student Council re-
quested the administration to thoroughly investi-
gate the cafeteria situation. After a period of five
years and with the same problems still with us.
shall we say “it‘s a wise move.”

inefficiency Plus . . .

The State College News has offered many criti-
cisms recently concerning the inefficiency of var-
ious organizations on campus. Evidently Strident
Association is oblivious or perhaps appathetic to-
ward this inefficiency. But when the criticism
comes from someone who is not connected in any
way with the college, isn't it time something was
done?

Wednesday noon at the joint meeting of Stu-
dent Association and the representatives of the
American Red (‘ross i’aui l’hiilips, Assistant l)i-
rector of the Albany Chapter stated that all the
questions raised concerning the present drive for
blood could have been answered long ago. 'i‘hat is
is the Red Cross unit on campus were doing an
efficient job.

This is just one example. What about (‘ainpus
Commissions? it is rather apparent that nothing
has been done to improve the situation in the
Commons yet. Maybe a few signs asking students
to put their trash aml cigarettes in the receptacles
would help. (lr even a few more ash trays placed
on the tables would be of use. Let's have action.

Personal . . .

(‘onsolaiions arc in order for .\bei iiiaitman
who is ill Si. l’eter's Iriospitai recuperating from
an tip]rendectomy. (let out quick, Abe, Sports Stall
needs you. it's your turn to take thc copy down.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

ltA'l‘ING—ALL-AMERICAN
February ‘20, 1952 No. its

Member ilisirilintoi'
Associated (‘ollcgbiii- i'ri-ss l‘ollcginto Digest
The undergraduate iii'Wspiipcl' ol‘ the New York State (‘ol-
lt‘ﬂti t'or 'l‘i-iicln-ra; published every Friday of the (‘ollegc
year by the NEWS Hoard for the Student Association.
Member-t ot' the NEWS staff may he reached 'i‘iiu-sday and
and \\'cdiiesdn,\ from T to it it til ill L’IiitL’tI I'lxt. li
|'iioii~-r~' Smith, BJIIi'Ji‘» liadc. Il'.‘ ttisl. lliii‘ns. tl'JlNis
(llIIU'It: thl'l‘ll - - - - - - - — ~ - l‘iilltordu-(‘Iilef
Vl("l‘0lll.v\ lCAllld - - - - < - - - Managing Iiiilitor
NUIIINI‘I I‘AIHIIIJ. - - - I'Iibllc IIcliItlonu I‘lilllur
DONAL” III'IINH — s — < ‘ Hporta ICtIltur
IHIIII'ZII l' .l.\i ttlIY IIIINIIII‘NM Hamlin-r
l|.\ltll.\I(.\ illilt‘lll - - ('Irciilalion Manager
litilttil‘ln lici‘ii'l'ti - Exchange Editor
I'A’I'IIH‘IA ll.\lt(ll’h’(‘|l Advertising l‘iilltor
IIII'INI'I lllll‘.7.INHli\ Felllilrc I'Iilllui‘
lll'3\1t\’ ItiiHlI‘ii‘HKl < Aumwiaie Itldllor
I‘IH'I'III‘III .\I.\\.\KIH ANNIN'IIIIO I'ltilinr
ii.‘\lil|.\lt.\ I’l‘l.\l'l‘l - - Armor-Into I'Stlltur
l'il.l7..\l|l'i'l‘ll I'I..\'|"I' ' Anuticiiilo I‘lillliii‘

 

VOL. XXXVI

Issue Editors: I'llilred. (ii-rig. llill. Huggins. Ir)‘llt'II.
Hiiariils. Hill'lt'h.

tu—u-»._~o- .- - -
All i'liliilllililll‘lllltlils should be addressed to tho editor and
must lie nigin-d \ililitn own be withheld upon request.
Illl' H'l'.\'ll§ l'tll.|.i'itil'3 .\i'I\\‘.\' uasiilllcn illi I'cnpuiiriliilllly
ior opinions cuircasod In its columns or I'tilllillliilii'illiiiurt
is such i'\|ilI'-wlnli.~ do li-‘t Iii"i'hoiil‘ll\ i'ct'i-I-i its iii-w

We”

 

 

.TA'I'I COLLIGI NIWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 29. 1952

 

'VW/Voﬂamuﬂaée...

 

Show Businessii

Yes, Irving Berlin knew what he
was talking about when he wrote
these words. They immediately
come to the mind and lips of any-
one who ever has anything to do
with the production of a show, great
or small. Whether it be musical or
drama, comedy or tragedy, it’s won-
derful to be a part of a show. A
lot of hard work goes into any kind
of show, but so much is obtained
from it.

We at State are very lucky to be
exposed to all kinds of shows. We
are near the Playhouse where, with
our student tax. we are admitted at
a very nominal fee. But the most
important advantages are those we
have right here on campus. First

 

7m’ .70: 7/“ 7m
By JEAN RASEY

 

The famous Tex Benecke Band
wni be at the Circle Inn this Sun-
day night for the Bob Snyder Show.
As an added feature, there will be
two square dances during the eve-
ning. Tickets are $1.50 and dancing
starts at 7:30.

The Gtiy Lombardo Show. being
brought to the Albany Armory by
Bob Snyder, will unfortunately
come during Easter recess. but
those of you from this area will get
a chance to see it April 19 at 8:30.
The show will last two hours and
there will be several bl; name stars
on hand to add to the entertain-
ment. Tickets are $3.60, $2.40 and
$1.80.

Here is an item that may interest
sports fans. The Capitol District
Boat Dealers will display halls and
motors of popular fishing crafts at
the New York State Sportinan‘s
Show at the RPI Field House March
26-30.

Again a reminder that the world-
famous SilCIiCl"S Wells Theatre Bal-
lot will be at the RPI Field House
March 12. Construction of the Field
House stage is under way to provide
for full ballet production facilities.
Two large steel towers will be built
at the sides of the. stage to support
54 suspension points for scenery.
More than a mile of rope and 63
sets of blocks will be used to fly
the scenery in rapid changes,

The troupe will present a new
revised version of the three-act
ballet "Coppelia." This boiler is one
of the longest and best established
of the standard ballets. but the new
version of the story of the doll with
the porcelain eyes is concentrated
more on choreography. decor. cos-
tumes and rnuslc than on the. story,
Seats are available for $2.40. $3.00.
$3.60 and $4.80 at the Ten Eyck
Record Shop. The Elite Notc Rec-
ord Shop and the RPI Field House.

The movie agenda for the week-
end includcs two surc box—office
hits. The zany comedy duo. Martin
and Lewis. are appearing in "Sailor
Beware“ at the Strand ’I‘hcatrc.
Clark Gable and Ava Gardner hcad-
liiie the cast of “Lone Star." the
brittle of ’i"cxa.s and the battle oi
sexes. at. the Palace.

Wednesday. March 5. "Qiio Vad—
is.“ MGM’s much advertised tcchni-
color exiravaranvrr. will begin at the
Palace. Tickets for the evcnin'!
riloiv will be $1.25 and the matinee
tickets will be $.80.
there are the Advanced and Ele-

 

l’aat Week 7n 14Wde

 

'l‘hc preferential votiin: was ex
pluliicd to Student Association by
Victoria linldino "fin. Vice-(finiirman
of Myskuniii. A sample ballot was
used to clarify the election proce-
diu'c. After the explanation the As~
socintlon voted III the replacement
elections for the SA soiiglcudcr and
tire thirteenth member ot Myskiniin.
llolh positions Wt‘l't‘ lct't vacant by
Mrs. Mary Marks '52. who itradu~
uicd iii I"(‘I)l'iliii'.\'

The rule reunlriin'. that ttnanclal
motions be tabled for one weck was
waivcd in order to discuss and come
to a vote on whether Varsity (‘inb
would be able to charge 25 cents
admission to the New I’llilt’. game
‘l‘ln- proceeds were to go to flu-
Kliit'kt'l'iltlt'lu'l‘ News polio fund
Aitci' iriiicii discussion Varsity (‘hib
was allowed to do as it asked.

By DONALD DUCLOS

.___——-——

mentary Dramatics classes which
give us the choicest bits of drama.
Next there are the mUsical groups
which give us operettas and a con-
cert in the spring. And ﬁnally, of
present interest, are the Big-4’s
which are written, produced, and
directed by the two rival classes.

Taking the ﬁrst, the dramatics
classes,we can see what good pro-
ductions are presented, (1) by ac-
tually seeing them ourselves, and
t2i by knowing that presentations
of many of the plays are requested
throughout the area.

Next we have the musical groups
which produce the favorites of light
opera and a well organized concert
which offers only the best in mUsical
selection.

Finally the Big-4‘s in which so
many people from each of the rival
classes can participate. In these,
we are given musical comedies with
hits of the day and the favorite old
timers. And, what is most import-
ant, the proceeds of the Big—4’s go
to a worthy charity fund.

But what is the purpose of telling
you all this information. which you
already know? Well, it’s to encour-
age you to take part in as many
of these productions as possible.

Why not drop in on a rehearsal
sometime to see how much fun it
is? See someone with a sprained
ankle try to hop across the stage
in a dramatic moment with a line
like “I‘m coming to you. John. I'm
coming." Or see a rather large per-
son say something like. “Would you
like something to eat? I have a lot
of food in my chest (instead of
trunk)" Or even see a leading man
try to fly out of an embrace say-
ing. "Wow!" when he's enjoying
the kiss too much to act startled.
These are just a few little things
that “pop up" in rehearsals thiut all
contribute to the enjoyment of
working on any kind of production.

Now you say you have no talent.
Don't kid yourself on that score.
Maybe you can't. sing. dance. or
act. but remember Broadway pro-
ductions would be nothing without.
people backstage. There are so many
things you could do to be a part
of show business.

11'. because of previous commit-
ments. you cannot act in these pro-
ductions. remember this also: a
show. to be successful. needs an
audience. The. people b oh ind
tho i’ootlights need an encourage-
ment from an appreciative audience.
They can't perform to empty seats
and do a. good lob,

Yes. we can iill do a lost. to push
show business. Let's start right now.
Big-4‘s. an Operetta. A.D. plays and
many others. It's up to all of list!

"Let's ROW-Oil with the Show!"

34...... 0/ 71... prath

 

in the past. years this campus
has been constantly disturbed by
many issues. lssucs are matters of
\ital importance about which ilicrc
is only one correct, opinion your
own. Old copies of the State (‘oi-
leg'e Ni-Ws contain the records of
these heated battles.

In 1028 the student lax jumped
from $11 to $13. and the editorial
called for a hall to the "rtristia'racy
oi‘ the dollar." The. News also oi)—
leoied to the "wild sciit'iiic" of
buying an eleciroia for dancing in
the gymnasium.

Back in the days when the Corn-
inon-stalcr was ilie (,‘oinincnsiiiici'.
Ilic big light was over the vote.
iiol for women. but tor iron-holder's
oi the student tax card.

i\lcn need not apply! in liiiitl
UNA (‘ouncil had been a petticoai
til'l‘,iilll/.iilliiil for eight years lic-
iorin was lhrcaieiicd from without.
ll not applied from within

There Were gripes about the
men's showers in iii'itl. t)nc t'tiili‘
plniirt was that fire showers sprinkle
‘ninoccnt individual drying sell
oIi without benefit to user."

In ill-ill their war» ii ioi ot dc-
hnic uhont illt' proposal to enter
:occci' in irilcr~coiloghitc sports. (inc
of the objections was that the
MAA budiiet was becoming too
large. and one of the points in la-
\ill' was that soccer would be a good
sitindllllit‘ for football In full sports

lint, in 1052, toolbiill seems to be
the problem of the hour.

 

gown-sicko

_____.By HANSON and HOPKINS

BOUL CLOSES

If you are an “antiseptic baby or a prophylactic pup"
you probably couldn't stand eating in the B0111 but
it did have the advantage of providing a place at
least two feet square in which to eat a meager mor-
sel between 12 and 12:30. We know of four recent
cases in the college cafeteria in which people have
locked elbows in vain attempts to eat their lunches.
The time has come . . . etc. (see editorial COilel’i.i

INTEREST IN ASSEMBLIES . . .

Compulsory assemblies were initiated because stri-
dent business could not be carried on by any other
means. That is. not enough students attended on
their own free will. All the noise in the assembly of
late is only further evidence of the immaturity which
caused this system to be imposed in the first place.
With the student faculty committee lining up speak-
ers for next years' assemblies some cause for corn-
plaints may be eliminated

GOOD llmA

Instead of measuring State Street with a six-inch
ruler, sorority pledges will spend their “Hell Week"
in more constructive activities. Among these are work
at the Albany Home and the Clinton Square Neigh-
borhood House. One existing condition, the state of
the Commons. would seem to warrant attention from
these worthies. Ready with the brooms. ready with
the mops, ready with the hell master, fire . . .

FOOTBALL A'l‘ STATE?

At: Student Council Wednesday night a committee
of seven irom S.A. was appointed to investigate the
possibilities of having inter-collegiate football here
next fall. Of course, the major problem is as with
everything else at State. inoncy.lf it an be shown
that we can afford, with an increase in Strident. Tax.
to support a team, Student Association will have a
chance in the near future to decide whether we be—
come a grid—iron campus or not. Give the matter sc-
rious thought. it sound fine, but is it. plausible? The
committee will do all it can to find out . . . then ii
is up to you. Football anyone?

()Ult UNION . . .

Remember the note on the not so clean Student
Union in this column last week? This week we run
our fingers along the shelves. icdges and windowsills
in the lounge. halls. and game room. The results were
not. too clean fingers. The "johns" are also in a rather
sorry state we didn‘t know the State had bought
grey marbli- for the sinks. Quite elegant!

UNIVERSITY PLAYERS . . .

The actors who gave the much enjoyed perform—
ance of "Twelfth Night" and “School For Wives" last
Friday. you might. be interested in knowing. also act
as their own crew. do their own make-up and drive
the truck which transports thcm They usually iron
their own costumes but. we understand that I) and A
Council took care of that. and only blew one fuse in
the endeavorwdf i had only gone ill for the arts.“

 

ltlill) (‘lltlh‘h‘ BLOOD DRIVE

In a Student Association meeting Wednesday noon
represcntativcs of the Albany Chapter of tire lied
Cross atieinpied to explain to the students eager to
give blood why they cant do so as a group. We're
not. sure if they knew our point, of view or iiol. but
somehow their answers seemed cvaslvc and 111151111»
factory. it seems that they have a waiting list of
thousands and cannot accept more than a hundred
pints a week because of the lack of processing tacill«
tics. There are only a few hours set aside each Week
for donors at the one lab in the area and We may
not have a bloodmobilc because the Albany Medical
Society says that there is to be none in Albany
County. Wherever we turn. horvcvcr. we see or hear
pleas from the Red Cross on how desperately our
blood is needed. Somehow liic lwo sets of facts do
not. ‘libc. it appears that if blood is needed and there
are these great numbers of (Itilltil‘s availablc in this
area. Albany (.‘ounty could do more toward llic Na—
tioiiiil Red (‘ross effort than is being done l’ci'hap---
lied (‘i'oss lllili on campus can look into this Htalc
College has blood to give ior military purposes we're
still riot coininccd they don't want it!

ltl'NAW.\Y LAND

Last year \ou were taken lliiiti \\'t'|'t' yon takciii by
the class of ‘Fi-l to the South Sea lrdniids This year
things are luck to normal with the aclloii takm‘:
place iii a small .-\incrican community. ainl a i'callv
good show is in the offing. Rumor has If that there in
still standing roorri available hurry. iilll'i'\ to tire
booth hi lower lirapcr and reserve yours,

Ql'l'lbl'i‘lth 0|“ 'l‘ill‘l \I'I‘II'IK . . .

Wiicrc. oh whci'c is the Hoplioinoi'cs' muslin tl\\'t'l\c
bricks worthi’.’

 

College Calendar - - _

 

l-‘ltlli.\Y. II‘I'Illltl'AliY ‘39

it till pm H(‘:\ lhinqiicl, llopc liaptisl (‘hnrcli

\‘A'l‘l‘lilirn'. .\I:\lt(‘ll l

i in par ltadio (‘ouncii |:I'.ii:l'iiili. many

it do pin Hophornorc llinrli‘onr, "ltniiaway
i'riiti' iinii.

SI'NIHY. '.\I.\li('ii ‘!

7 pm lliiicl Iiit't‘lilii’. and social hour (‘onizi‘i-iui
Iioii (thin rilioloin

'I‘I‘I‘JSIIAY. i\l.-\Ii(‘ll -i

il :10 pin Advanced lii’niiintn-s clam. pin)». l'apc llull

\YI‘IIINI'INIIAY. i\l.v\lt(‘ll A

1‘: Noon Hi‘A (‘luipcl tinned i‘lt"vll\ll'l'|i|ll i‘hiii't'll

I.iind,'

ii pin Hccoint l.culcn tllht'ilrmltiii. homc oi iii
I“i'iili'l'. (‘oilrv
lib pin t‘anicrbiny (‘luh iiici'llillt. lli'ubachcr.

 

 

Stokes Reveals

Operetta Casts
Orchestra To Perform

in Music Council Event

The casts of the musical produc-
tions sponsored by Music Council
have been announced by Dr.Charles
F. Stokes, Professor of Music. “Down
in the Valley," a folk opera by
Kurt Weill, and the Gilbert and
Sullivan favorite "Trial By Jury"
make up the double bill to be pre-
sented in Page Hall Friday and Sat—
urday. March 14 and 15.

The cast of “Trial By Jury“ iii-
cludes Mitchell Burkowsky '52; Ev-
elyn Paulus ‘53; Donald Diiclos and
Alfred Short. Sophomores: Rober'r
Cornely. and Donald Lein. fresh-
men. Those who have roles in “Down
in the Valley“ are Richard Jacob-
son. Louise Pet‘fieid. Owen Smith,
Marie DeSeve. and Barbara New-
combe, Juniors: Frank Giaunonc
'54; and Donald Lein ‘55.

The performances will include a
cast. of nearly 50 and the College
Orchestra. Tickets for the reserved
section are $1.25; general admission
will be $1.00. Reserved tickets are
available at music stores and the
Co-op.

 «rd in Iatcr years.

WHO MAY APPLY
AGE—-iloiwoon l9 and 26% years.
EDUCATION—At least two yours of college.
MARITAL STATUS—Single.
PHYSICAL CONDITION—Good,

oyos, ours, heart, and tooth.

HOW TO QUALIFY

 

WHERE To Get More Details

Vlt'l your mauosl U. 5. Air Force Base or U. S Army—U. S. Afr
I‘M r Rmuiilinn Station or write dirocl Io Aviation Cadet, Houd-
qrm leis, U. 5. Air Forru, Washington 25, D. C.

I. 'l‘niti- t rnnscripi of col»
logo ci'i-iiits and copy of
iiil'iIl t't‘l'Illil'iiIt‘ in your
iicni'cst .'\II' More iIriHi' or
iicci'iiiliiig Station

2. Appcur for pinsicni
i-xnniiiiaiionnt \Iilll' iii'iit'
i-sl Air “Mac at (lowi'n-
llit'ill cspr-iisc.

 

 

 

 

STAT! COLLIOI NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 29. 1952

SMILES Plans

Sports Events,
Show Excursion

Weekend activities for children at
the AlDiLlly Home for Children, as
pianneu by SMILES, include two
udSKeLUitii games at the Home to-
morrow and attendance at the
Sophomore Big-4 tomorrow night.
SMILES members also plan to chap-
erone some of the children to the
State-New Paltz game Friday,
March 7.

Girls at the Home will play
against State women in the first
game tomorrow afternoon. The game
will begin at 2 p.m. The second
game. starting at 3 p.m., will feat-
ure State men against boys from
the Home. Both games will be played
in the gymnasium at the Home. So—
rority pledges will ehapcrone several
children from the Home to the Big-
«1 tomorrow night. Anyone desiring
to accompany the children to the
State-New Paltz game Friday,
March 7, should sign on the SMILES
bulletin board.

Ilene Murcott ‘53. was elected sec—
retary of SMILES this week.
Sondra Stotkin ‘52. President. has
announced Miss Murcott. replaces
Elaine Topper ‘53. who resigned.

Chiiders To Lead
Tour Of EurOpe

Dr. J. Wesley Chllders, Professor
of Modern Languages. will lead a
student tour of Europe this sum-
mer, under the auspices of the
Guild of Student Travel. The tour
will last 46 days, and will include
seven countries.

The group will leave New York
July 12 via the new SS. “CONSTI-
TUTION” or July 20 via Flying
Clipper of Pan American World
Airways. The first stop will be at
Naples. From Naples. the students
will go to other Italian cities. then
to Switzerland. Germany. Holland.
Belgium. France. and finally to
England. The S. S. “QUEEN MARY"
will leave Southampton August 21
to bring the tourists back to New
York. Pan American World Airways
wil transport tourists desiring to
travel by air.

Total cost for the tour will be
$1042 by boat and $1186 by air. The
price. in addition to transportation.
will provide for hotels. rail trans-
portation on the Continent and in
England. and meals.

 

    

Aviation Cadet Program Offers Special Opportunities
for Coilegiuns Now Preparing for Military Service

Here is a real man—size opportunity! You.
t'tIII c/roosr»~iniliter/lulcly—lieliccc/i being a
I’i'lo/ or .‘Ifl'f'l'tl/f ()liscrccr in America's
swift iyucxpnnding Air Force. 'i‘iic Air Force
encourages candidates to stay in school
and gradiintc. iiowevci', seniors and sin-
d.‘nts with [war years or more of college
who anticipati- early entrance Ililt) military
s -rvicc can insure their future and serve
it -a~ r onnlry best by applying for Aviation
x“. int 'i‘rnining today. You receive the

wt training and experience when you fly

. r the U. H. Air it‘orcew-expcricnce that

ospociolly

   

 

 

 

ll. S. AIR FORCE

. ’  AlliCttAl r
‘V‘ oirsuivtii

3. Acconi )iiHil i“iVil1“
' r ‘ ’3
Aptitude li-sls uni cri-
list. for lico years only!

.‘ 4. Tire Ht-lcclivc Survive

Ai'l awards you a four--
‘ llllilllil (it-I'i'i'ini-iil \vliiic
_ awaiting class assign-
nn-nt.

* 5. llllllll‘tiillll' llHngll~
iiiciit lo Aviation ('aiicl
'i‘rniiiingl‘lnsscs starting
May 'J'l. vliil" Ill. August
it) llllfi ()clobcr LE, 1952.

6. Attend Aviation
(‘ndi-t 'l‘rnining Ht‘Iitml
for one your cilia-r as
i'iiot or Aircraft 1)i|Hi‘l'V-
t'l‘.(ii'l illillf» inoiitblv piim
food. housing. uniforiiia.
and other benefits.

1. (iradnntc and win
your wings! (‘oirimis—
Hioiiotl as n second lit'il-
Il'lllilii, von iii-gin earning
$li.tl(ltl n \‘t‘itl' in midi
Iioii. you I'I't't‘i\'l‘ $1351)
uniform allowance niid u
illiilnv Il'r‘i\'l' with pay.

   
  

" 

  

"7  q.

 

 

Students Mourn
Death Of BouI

“Old soldiers never die, they
Just fade away.” That literary
gem applies to coffee and the
"Boul" as well as old soldiers.

The sun sank remorsefuily, in
the gray skies Saturday eve-
ning; the doors closed reluct-
antly on a silent. empty “Boul.”
Idle hours formerly passed in
quiet contemplation, inspired
by vivid examples of 19th cen-
tury art and nourished by food
(’nuff said), will have to be
spent in the less artistic atmos-
phere of the W.T., Ockle’s, or
possibly Temperance Tavern.

With the coming of Monday
morning, State's hails echoed
the shuffling of listless steps at-
tributed ordinarily to a lost. or
at least better lost than remem-
bered weekend. Those slowly
treading steps of last Monday
were in rememberance of that
dear old friend who weathered
many student storms and at
last just faded away.

Religious Clubs
Schedule Events

District SCA groups will meet for
their annual banquet today. A
chapel service, discussions, and spe-
cial speakers are also included on
the religious clubs' agendas.

“Our Personal Relation to God“
will be the topic of an address by
Rev. William H. Kirkland. Resident
Chaplain at Vassar College. at the
SCA banquet. The banquet will
start at 6:30 pm. at the Hope Bap—
trsr Church.

Dr. Edith Wallace, Professor of
Latin. will appear as guest speaker
at SCA Chapel Wednesday noon.
’lhe second in a series of special
Lenten discussions will be held at
the apartment of Dr. Frances Col-
by, instructor in English. Wednes-
day evening. starting with supper at
6 l).lll. Helen Pilcher' ’52. President
of SCA. states that applization
forms for the SCA spring confer-
ence. must. be completed next week.

Hillel members will meet 7 pm.
Sunday at Congregation Ohav Sho-
1om. Those attending will hear an
address about Israel. A social hour
will conclude the evening.

"Education and Religion" will be
the subject of a discussion at l
Canterbury Club meeting ill Brit-
bachcr 7:15 p.m.. Wednesday. Rev.
Lloyd ankwell. Rector of Saint
Andrew's Church, has been engaged
as guest speaker. says Ruth Beetle-
sione '54. club president.

OTTO Il._MEilDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

Capitol Press
Printers

Aid. TYPES
(‘()i .lil‘it‘ii'i. l“R.A’l‘FiRN/\I..,
Hillitllli'l‘Y PRINTING

’l‘lilJCl’llONlC 141703
or see Arlene liver-sou '52

05 Madison /\\’t'llll‘
Albany. New York

 

 

PAGE 3

Dartmouth Invites
State Debaters

To Tournament

Councill Will Attend
Annual Brooklyn Match

Debate Council is preparing to
participate in a number of tourna-
ments during the next few weeks,
Clarence Spain '52, President of De-
bate Council has announced. Two
debates were held at Union College
Tuesday night, February 19.

State College debators have been
invited to compete in the Twelfth
Annual Dartmouth Debate Tourna-
ment, making State the ﬁrst col-
lege that is not a member of the
ivy League ever to receive an invi-
tation to the tourney. Dayton Uni-
versity, Dayton, Ohio. has requested
to compete against two State Col-
lege teams here, Friday. March 14.

Tuesday. State debaters will de-
bate the topic “Resolved: That
woman's place is in the home,“ at
an assembly of the student body of
Draper High School. Schenectady.
Participating in the debate will be
Miss Erdle. Eleanor Roth, Seniors.
Robert Berkhofer '53. and Robert
Reigle '54.

Debate Council members will also
be among the 55 colleges contending
in the annual Brooklyn College
Tournament. Friday and Saturday.
March '7 and 8. Miss Erdle anti
Charles Gruncisen, Seniors. and
James Thompson and Marvin Cher-
noff. Sophomores. are to comprise
the tennis in this contest. The topic
to be debated is "Resolved: That
the Federal Government should
adopt a permanent program of wage
and price control."

Tuesday. February 19, Ronald
Ferguson. Richard Shnper. Edward
Lehman. Sophomores. and Jean
Welch ‘52 disputed the above resolu-
tion at Union College. Coaches of
both teams criticized the debates.

l-F Council Outlines
Procedure For Bidding

Inter-Fraternity Council has out-
lined the procedurc for second se—
mester bidding to the four fraterni-
lies on campus. Kappa Beta. Sig-
ma Lambda Sigma. Edward Eldred
Potter Club, and Kappa Delta Rho.
Those eligible for bidding shall be
i‘cgularly enrolled students who
have spent. one full semester at
State. announces Joseph Friedman.
Grad. President of I-F Council.

All bids shall be issued through
I—F Council in the following man-
ner: students being extended bids
by a fraternity will find notice of
such in the student mail boxes this
morning. Students receiving notices
will go to Richardson Lounge be-
tween 9 am. and 1:35 um. only. in
order to receive their bids.

All bids shall lie rctnriicd to I-F
'Coiincil in the followin". manner:
students wishing to accept any one
of their bids must sign and return
such to the l‘ratcrnity‘s representa-
tive in Richardson Lounge Monday.
March 3, from 0 am. to 12:35 pm.
A student “:11 wishing to accent 'i
bid should return the bid unsinncd
to the representative of tlic l'i"rtcr~
nin issuing the bid, Bids will not
be received after the time specified.

Gerald Drug Co.

Sidney Feltrnan. Phil.

 

2l7 Western Ave.
I‘iione 6-8610

 

 

 

Illi I'D/I II It'AS'I‘

 

 

CAFETERIA

DINNER
MIDNIGHT SNACKS

REASONABLE PRICI‘S
167 CENTRAL AVE.

LUNCIIES

     

Albany, N. Y. ‘

l

 

 

 

