 

 

 

i
r
l

     
   
     
    
   
   
  
   

 

 

PAGE I

Once More . . .

Since the appeal made for Art Kapner’s insur-
ance plan through this and the new columns of
the NEWS last week, and the continuous publicity
which Kapner himself has provided, has had little

,or no effect upon the number of policies pur-
chased by the student body, we. take this Oppor-
tunity to appeal once more to Student Association.
Since the time of freshman registration last week,
only fifty-five policies have been purchased. This
brings the total to 356, including 125 plans sub-
scribed to by freshmen. Last year at this time, 430
students, had acknowledged Kapn'er’s method of
protecting themselves against financial set-backs
due to sickness or accident, while the totals for the
year reached 600. We feel that Student Associa-
tion does not realize that it is in danger of 105-
ing the insurance plan entirely if loses to the com-
pany continue, which they undoubtedly will if a
far greater number of students do not support the
plan. Should State lose its present form of cover-
age, it is probable that we would have a difficult
,time obtaining a comparable low cost plan from
.another company. When told the plan was discon-
tinued because the company continually lost mon—
ey due to lack of student support, it is doubtful
that any prospective insurer would be willing to
assume the risk of providing State students will
insurance coverage.

The present insurance plan differs from last
year‘s policy only in that it pays on a Schedule
basis rather than by blanket coverage. Figures for
specific items in the schedule were published last
week. The schedule basis for payment means this:
should a student, for instance, need surgury which
came to $200, he would receive only $150 as pro-
vided for by the schedule. However, Kapner’s fig-
ures prove that the major drain on the company
came from minor claims—doctor’s bills, bills for
medicine, and the like, for which ample coverage
is provided. In the year 1950-51 alone, 580 0] 620
fpolir y holders filed and received [laymcnf [or
claims many of them in access of the originalpre-
payed. It is to offset such a percentage of claims
that more subscribers are needed. Eight hundred
does not seem to be a far fetched figure when con-
sidering the year's enrollment—~this means 450 ad-
ditional subscribers are needed. Art Kapner has
done all he can to make the policy convenient and
attractive to State students. Let‘s get behind it and
put ourselves and his company in the black!

Clean it Upl

Inasmuch as Student i'nion Board rules have
been published, special stories written, and post-
ers conspicuously displayed, it appears fair to as-
sume that users of the Snack Bar and game room
in the Union are no long-er ignorant of the rules
governing the use of these rooms. We refer speci-
fically to the section which states that it is the
responsibility of each student to return his own
dishes to the end of the Snack liar and to dispose
of his own waste paper. We do not like to as-
sume further that State students are indifferent
to the condition of their l'nion. Student Union
Board was made responsible for formulating regu-
lations for the use of the l'nion. This task they
have performed. Unfortunately, they are only
twelve people, and they are neither jaiiitors nor
policemen. Let's not make them act the parts. A
little effort on everyone's part will protect you
from having to eat with someone else's dirty dish-
es.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIG
BY THE CLAII OF IDII

-._— RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
VOL.XXXVII September 26, l952 No. ‘7

'l‘lic undergraduate newspaper of the New York State (Yol-
iege for ’i‘ciichora: published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for tho Student Association.
IIAIIIIAIIA I'EAI'E - - - A - - - ~ I'llIIlor-ilIJ'llil‘I
1 ‘!ti‘ ROSZE“SKI - - — ~ - ('ti-Mtlillluillu Editor
' \l.\l‘.\l(iH ~ - - - -
u" llltI'IZ‘NHKl‘

 

 

- ('ii-llilliiiulog Editor
- ('o-I‘uiillc litilitlimiu Editor

 

. .Ili.\Hl'Z'I‘II I‘I..\'I"l' - ('o—I'tililli' Iliilullnnu Editor
AHEI. Hi..\'i"l‘.‘l.\'\‘ - - - » s - - - - Hporin Editor
iNiillS IH)IIl‘Jli'l'\ - ~ ~ - - - Hi-uior Hporiu .“t'llllit‘l‘
JUIilllN 'llitlIH“ - Iiualni-im-AdiI'rtinlnu Miuliigor

.\l.\li\l‘2l.l.l'2\' SItilJ'llt ~ - - (‘irl'uiirtlnn .“lllltlkiir
\llltllﬁl. \HHHHIAN - ~ - — - - « l‘ixrliiumi- I‘llllllil'
.ltH‘t'l‘l Si‘lt'l'l'ls - ~ - < - - - - Nurture Editor
lIH'Z\I‘I I‘IIJDIU‘III s - - .lumli'lufc Editor
Annol'iuto Editor
Armorial» Editor

RALLY tilﬁltltl - - - -
t'A‘l‘lll‘Jlthl‘.‘ l.\'M'll -
All i‘lllllililllllt'llilllll‘t'Hlltilliil Inc .iddrcsu-d to tln- ('lll‘l'l' and
iiiiiat Iil‘ algal-ii Minion Will in! within-id upon l'lililtﬂl.
'l'lii- S'i'A'l'iC t'tii.l.l*.‘til'l NEWS assume» no l'f'nliiillallillli)
for opinions i-xprcsscil in li.‘ l'fillllllllis or coiiimuiin-n:ioiis
:in xlll‘ll p\[il‘i-.~Htolis lill l||Ii iii'Ii'asili‘lil I‘i‘l‘mt'l lis \'li'\\'

 

 

 

ITA‘I‘I COLLEGE NIWG. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 26. 1952

  A an "

 

 

emu 74¢ Redo/«Zion

 

None of us know as yet what the
implications of having a new dean
will be. It is my opinion. however.
that there will never be a year as
free and easy as that of 1951-1952.

In former years, a twinge of con-
sience usually followed the decision
to cut a class. but last year cutting
was as common as attendance. This
year there are still a select few
who can take unlimited, but they
are very select. and very few. As
is usually the case. it is those select
few who never cut regardless.

Are you taking a course that’s giv-
ing you trouble? If that happened
to be the case last year, a student
merely dropped whatever course it
was that was proving vexatious. and
that was that. If after dropping a
course we realized that it was re-
quired for graduation under the
old system, we joined the rat race to

 

ﬂat Week
for 14W

Friday afternoon the first Assem-
bly for the year 1952-53 was held.

Upon entering Page Hall, the
Class of ’55 was closed in on all
sides by members of the sophomore
class serenading them with that
traditional aire “Climb Up To Your
Ivory Tower". After the initial
shock caused by all the commotion
the students settled wherever there
was an empty place.

 

The day's agenda was react by
John Lannon ’53. President of Stu-
dent Associntion, who then intro-
duced Dr. Ellen C. Stokes. Dean of
Women: Dr. Oscar Lanford, Dean
of the College; and Dr. David Hart-
ley, Dean of Men. After the intro-
ductions, Lannon turned the meet-
ing over to Peter Teller ’53. who
introduced the other twelve mem-
bers of Myskania, the judicial bodv
at State. I

Lannon again claimed the floor
to present Dr. Evan R. Collins,
President of the College, who gave
an address. ,VThe essence of the
address was that ill spite of the
feeling of" insecurity in the world to-
day and the pessimistic attitudi-
which many people take toward the
future, thcrc is still hope to be
found in the people who though
they sense the unrest are cntcrhig
colleges to prove their willingness
to accept their responsibility.

Aitt r the address a short preview
of the entertainment for the All-
College Reception was presented by
five Juniors. Announcements were
given by representatives of various
organlaztlons and the assembly was
adjourned.

By HARRY WARR

 

discover what the requirements were
under the new system.

Very few of the faculty, or ad-
ministration for that matter, seem-
ed to know much about the new sys-
tem. but we switched anyway. Just
as a drowning man will seize any-
thing to keep him afloat. so we
snatched anything to keep us in
school.

I can‘t truthfully say that I would
enjoy four such years of confusion.
and peace of mind concerning cuts
and dropped courses. Such a condi-
tion just wouldn’t be college. it
would. instead, be more like the
carefree days in high school. For
many people, however. last year's
“golden age" was a windfall as well
as a period in which to recover from
the “Great White Father" regime.

Now that the anticipated Restora-
tion has occured. and things are
back to normal, all I have to say
is “It was fun while it lasted."

 

7m’ In 740 7%
By SY SEMMLER

 

For drama enthusiasts the down-
town Playhouse managed by Mal-
colm Attcrbury will not begin its
Winter season until November 15.

Remember the date November 18.
On this night only, the recent
Broadway success, “Don Juan In
Hell" will be presented at the RPI
Field House, Troy. by the First
Drama Quartette of Charles Boyer
Charles Laughton, Cedric Hard:
wicke. and Agnes Moorchead.

The Field House has also sched-
uled a 1952—1953 concert series of
ﬁve concerts featuring the New
York Philharmonic~Symphony, the
Danish National Orchestra, the Bos-
ton Pops Orchestra. the Gershwin
Concert Orchestra. and the Chicago
St mphony Orchestra.

The season begins October 21 with
the New York Philharmonic, and
scasoir tickets are now on sale at
the Field House. This column will
carry subsequent concert. dates.

Tonight the Sophomore class of
the College of St. Rose will present
the Sophomore show "Get Wise
Party" in the college auditorium at
if pm. The show is a portion of the
freshman initiation program.

The f'unnymen, Dean Martin and
Jerry Lewis appear in "Jumping
Jacks" co~lcaturcd With John Lnnd
in “Bronco Buster" at the Madison
through Saturday.

"Where's Charlie" th c inovie
Vi'i‘sltiti of the old stag” play "Char-
lie‘s Aunt" is billed for Sunduv. Riiv
llolgcr portrays air Oxford Universit-
ty student in this comedy.

 

emcee.

By MITCHELL a KOREA N

“God offers to every mind its choice between truth
and repose," —Emerson Essays Intellect

lNTER-SORORITY COUNCIL

ISC modiﬁes God's offer with a three page set
of rules that just about limit sororities to the rush--
ing of freshman girls (which was incidentally, um
biggest objectionable thing that happened last year f
To top the whole show. this period of “open rushing"
comes to an end November 22 (Part VI, Section E,
Article 1—for those who haven’t got that far yet.)
with the last three days being spent by everyone try.
mg to prove they qualify for the New York Stair.
School for Deaf and Dumb Mutes. If the girls of this
school cannot imitate the mature sorority systems of
other colleges, they can surely lower themselves to
adopting the simply simple but less revised rules of
State frets and clubs.

PROGRESS

With new leadership, Student Union Board is at
last doing some constructive work. A Soccer Dance
with king and queen included will be held after the
last game on November 8. The walls of the Snack
Bar are soon going to be decorated with the addi-
tion of life—sized murals. For further ideas for ini-
provement. a suggestion box will be placed in the
Union. Most important. however. is that "Easter
Parade" no longer is on the juke box.

MORE PROGRESS

 

The Grad School here at State no longer resembles
a fifth year PG course, but a well rounded profes-
sionally planned program. This has been brought
about with the addition of many new courses and a
ﬁne new Director of Graduate Studies, Mr. E. W.
Flinton.

MINERVA’S MORGUE

Hope they liven up the new Commons with the stu-
dent mailboxes, a coke machine, and a vic player.
Right now only the Milne students are getting any
kick out of going thru the newly opened “turnpike.”

NO HEAD

Orchids to the committees who worked together to
help make the All College Reception a huge success.
The talent displayed is evidence of what our All Col-
lege Revue could be like. However, it's too bad that
the originator of the idea left and took his plans
with him.

SURPRISE

Sorry! to see there is no assembly this week. It
would have been a good time for that long overdue
“For the good of the organization" assembly. As only
those interested in the organization would appear. it
would also give a fairly good idea of how many stu-
dents would attend non—compulsory assemblies. As
it is. a change in the proportional representation of
classes at assembly is underway in order to prevent
the large frosh class from controlling half the as—
sembly’s vote.

THIS AND THAT

This year's Sr. Milne play under the direction of
Wally Goodell is going to be the popular “You Can't
Take It With You." . . . Many people are inquiring
as to the whereabouts of the ‘52 banner last seen on
the Commons‘ wall . . . With the new cut system.
we are sure the excuse box outside of the Student.
Personnel Ofﬁce could serve a much better purpose
than a. refuge for wayward gum wrappers . . . Could
a lab in gym recreation solve the Sophomore men's
problem arisin". from the scheduling of gym classes
and Ed labs at the same time? . . . The social cal-
endar committee through some fine work has guar-
anteed an all college event each weekend . . . Due
to lacktof funds the SUB has been stymied in the
scheduling of the much sought after jam session?
. . . Cheer up, f‘rosh, only one more line to gomand
at the end, President Collins himself . . . See you
tonight at the reception. A

QUESTION ()I" THE WEEK

 ? ? 2’ ? Who’ll take the attendance record to-
moriow ~ the team. the cheerleaders, or the fails?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27

8 pm. 'F'i'csideiit's Reception, Brubaclicr.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28

11:45 a.m. IVCF Picnic.

8 DJ“. Phi Delta Open House.

SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 29

it} [).lll. Newman Club tea, lxcmnnn Hall.
1” pm. Newman Club smoker, Newman Hall.
7.30 pm. D do A Affiliates party. Brubacher.
TUESDAY. ()("l‘tiliER i

will) p.ni. Science lecture Hustcd 150

7:30 pm. chatc, llrubachcr. I
Wl-.l)l\'lc.'~lI)A1r’. (if‘TtillER '2

£71.30 p.in. Inter-(ironp Council party, Brubachcr.
l [)Jll. l"l‘ull(3ll Club party, Brubucher.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3

.lrJU pm. Forum. New Draper 349.

:1" pm. Sorority open houses.

1.30 pm. Inter—Fraternity smoker, Brubaciici'.

 

Show Releases

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. IIPTEMDIR 28. 1952

Traditional Snake Dance, Booths, I 4:»;«14 W [Forum Program

Scholarship Data Bonfire To Spark Activities Day

Mexico, Fulbright Act
Offer Opportunities

Opportunities for study in Mexico
and Western Germany are available
to interested students, according to
Dr. Edward P. Shaw, Professor of
Modern 'Languages. The scholar-
ships are for study in Mexico dur-
the academic year beginning March
1, 1953.

The Mexican G o v e r n m e n t,
through the Mexican-United States
Commission on Cultural Coopera-
tion, offers eleven scholarships at
the graduate level, paying tuition
and 800 pesos monthly. Six under-
graduate scholarships pay 700 pesos
per month. Preference will be giv-
en to junior and senior year stu-
dents in the awarding of under-
graduate scholarships.

Candidates in the ﬁelds of an-
thropology, archaeology. ethnology
and history should indicate their
choice of universities in order of
preference when submitting their
applications. For the undergraduate
level, awards are available in phys-
ical anthropology. archaeology. eth-
nology, Mexican history, architect—
ure, philosophy and letters.

On the graduate level physical
anthropology. archaeology. ethnol-
ogy, Mexican history. museography.
painting, biological sciences, pedia—
trics. tropical medicine, and cardi-
olgy are offered. Applications, on
forms to be secured froth the U. S.
Student Program of the Institute
of International Education must be

(Continued on Page 6, Column 2}

CASDA Plans
Year's Activities

Two new ofﬁcers have been ap-
pointed in the Capital Area School
Development Association, generally
known as CASDA. Dr. William E.
Vickery, Professor of Community
Studies. has announced that Charles
H. Hamblen. Instructor in educa--
tion, has been designated as the
Executive Secretary and Daniel
Grifﬁths. as the Director of the
Administrative Seminar Project.

The organization. according to
Vickery. created primarin to speed
educational change in order to meet
new or unsatisﬁed educational
needs and bring the college and
school together in a study of inti-
tual problems, has fourteen proj-
ects for the. coming year. One of
these is the planned expansion of
the observation program in Sopho-
more and Junior Education to in-
clude area schools, upon which
CASDA is working. Three issues of
(‘ASDAIDS are also to be published
on the newer trends and practices,
which are found in the Capital
area schools. Vickery has announced.

Olson Will Accept
Co 10 Registrations

Any student interested in learns
ing to type is reminded that Com-
nicrcc It) is open to all students, rc—
gardlcss of their major and minor
field. Late registrations will be ac-
cepted through Monday, announces
Dr. Milton C. Olson. Professor of
Commerce, The course does not
carry' credit. bul counts 118 two
hours on the student's stiredulc.

Air achicvcrncin standard of 25
words per minute will be expected
at the end of the year, Dr. ()lson
has :llllltllltlit‘tl.

 

I“ R 1‘) Ii‘ !

Webster‘s Pocket Dictionary with
each purchase of $1.00 or over.
(‘i .( l'i'l'iiilb‘ l)ll ll‘lRS
STUDY LAMPS

Special Ili:i"0lllll i'or Decorations

0
Central Variety
3H (‘I‘IN'I‘IIAL AVENUE
llilow Quail Street

———t)pcn livery Night "1‘11 9——

 

 

Attention all undergrads! Get ac-
tivated! On Saturday. October 4,
gayly adorned booths and brightly
colored banners will transform the
serene atmosphere of the Commons
into a veritable turmoil of activity.

Activities Day will start rolling

Frosh To Hear
Campus Greeks

There will be two sections of
freshman Orientation this Monday.
according to Ellen C. Stokes. Dean
of Women. Freshman women will
meet in Page Auditorium and the
men will have their meeting in
Room 349, New Draper.

Addressing the women will be
Katherine Sinclair ’53, President of
Inter-Sorority Council. She will ex-
plain to the frosh about sorority
rushing rules and will furnish other
information to the class about so-
rorities in general.

A panel consisting of two fra-
ternity members, Robert Giammateo
’53. and John Zongrone '54, and two
independents. Dean Strickland and
Robert Berkhofer. Seniors, will dis-
cuss the advantages and disadvant-
ages of jorning a fraternity at the
meeting of fresh-boys. Dr. David
Hartley, Dean of Men will act as
moderator of the discussion. and it
is expected that a member of IF
Council will sum up.

Registrar Lists
Honor Students

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1)

William l'roii..\. .\l:ir_\' l’ryur, Aniln
liricino. .\|Ill‘ll:| lfriscliinloro, Alta IIt')"
IlillilS, lh-n-rly Rim-bold, li-i'crly ltohr.
.\l.-ir\in lloihuiun. \inrioii llntz, Kath
lt'l‘ll ltyun, Sliirioy Sclioi-iilioli. Slilrhvy
Sci-visas. .li‘HIIIH‘ Si-yinonr. .loj'ci- Sliiit'ei'.
ill‘:li‘l' Siiiiin. Iii-nry Sinilli, ltoln-ri

Hllillii, \\ui'ii Siniili. Margaret Sinytlic.
i‘..~irt-nrc Spain. Sonia Sicpnnlrin, .\|ar
t'i'llllt' Stir-cc. .\1i|ilri~d Sutherland, Evo
.,\n .\'\\‘i'l|.\'lill. Il'i'Ili' 'l‘cn Eyck. I'lli-uiinr
'l\\'i't'-|lt‘. Lois 'l‘wiss. Ix‘curictli Wiidc.

\\'i il.lllt \\'iic,\'. t‘urolirn- \\'ilii:iiiis. Mary
Williams. .\l:ii';.":ii'i-t Wilson, .ioj'ct-
Zurichl-li. and Murray Zii’clwn.

('Iilnh of Ilia-l: l~‘r.iuccs .\lli'll, \‘orina
llzllll'iiml, .\l;lli‘o|lli llililll, I'llllllll' l'mlcv,
.Iono i.o.y.. l'n-njniuin Hutton. Audrey
I'aiiiil. Hula-rt t‘nmpo, Lin-lilo t‘ari-Jn.
harbor-.1 t';tl'lil'l‘. Il'i'lll' t‘orscrliti-li.
l-‘ranci-s t‘ililn-rii, John t‘oopcr, Killll'
r,\n I'Ii\\'l'll, l'liarlcs i‘iilicii, l’nlrlriii
Ill'.lll, \\‘ri|ii-r [to -r, Norma lh-ltoos.
.Ioiin l’lllilll, lh-i'i-ily liodg‘c, .\i:irg:lrcl
licki-rl. Iii-iiiictli Everard. l’liyliis l-‘cr-
lu-r. ltoiinid i“t-rguson, .\ii'i'.i- ll‘ll’iclii.
.\l;irl|,\n Frost. liiiivii li‘lii'niiiii, i'liild
l~‘urin;in. .Ioliu (li'auilo, lioris iliig‘i-n,
i-‘r.iim-< Hopkins, lli'ury Hull, .1 r.. l'Ili
7.:ilwlli lllllllt'l', Marilyn lscnlu-rg, ltuli
cl‘l .loiinsnn. ll<c Koliii. la-zinori- Kolcli,

   

.....iu l..’iliiill~|'|ll‘, liar-y Lari-ry, Edward
l.I‘lIi|l.’Ill, .\|:irii- Ali‘ili‘ccn. .\l:il'ii- .\icr
i;il'i'i'--_i .\l.~rrl._\ii .\l:ir|.-r. .\1:iih-l_\‘u Ali-ivr,
\i‘i.|i.ini lit-ing-r. t‘lmi'lcs .\iilliuiii, Shir
ll. .\I‘l|I.\, iliilii-l'l lIi-lglm RllllilliI
itciiss, Kurt ltosoiilmuiu, lhiriiurii
lfj.iu. .\l:irth:r Sallziiinii, iii-uni-ilr
Nbo..nm.il.ci‘. Sylvia Sciiiiiilcr, H11)"

llIHIiil Shannon. Richard Sluipi-r, illi-
.in.- Slill\|l'l'. Arnold Smith, i\'i-niicili

Milllli. .luiic Staph-s, .liij't'o Slll'lus, rlti-
pln~n \'.~~.-.lt.i. l'anl \\'ondorlicli. Nancy
\\iiiiilc. .\|'illlll' \\'iil:i\\'~"_.. and Joan
\\'IIIin.-iu.

Ilil‘ah iil' lilﬁii: ll'iglitin .\illllil‘l.~', l‘lli
ll.iil||i, lilill'lll iii-ck. .\l;iriou Ilt'lll. .loiin
liiillll'li, ltnln-ri lh-rkliot’cr. .lr., Myra
lli'l'IlZWi'lL', l-‘ii\\:irii llonaliuc, Ircni-
lll':"/.ill\l\.\, Howard lturus, lli'uci- t'niiip
Incl. t‘uiln-rint- ('xisinldo. Anna t‘liristo
dliiii, .\l:tl"\ t‘oi-ci-tti, (‘ni'lucu l‘ol‘si, Luis
llziiiltlioll'. .\intn-y in-tlral'l'. dull“ [to
\llllii‘). llosi- i-‘l‘iedlii-lin. llrivid (iiii'd-

iiii.~r_ l~‘|‘.inci-s tim'iti. l’:Ill'li'i:i (ii-lil‘i,
\\’;i|Ii-r thumb-ll, lll'li'll llugcl, \"illiiiin
lli'lilll‘l', lfnth llci'sltmriiz. Nlllcln llill.

(Continued on Page 6, Column 1)

Theatre
PALAG ALBANY NOW
JOAN CRAWFORD IN
“S U i) i) E N F E A R"
———(‘()MING OCT. l————-—

“lVANHOE”

 

 

in the early morning hours. that is.
about 9 a.m., with speechmaklng
and eulogizing by the grand old
Seniors, leading up to the tradi-
tional presentation of the ’56 ban-
ner to the freshmen. Following this
the frantic frosh (and upperclass-

 

 

Caroline A. Lester, Professor of
Mathematics, attended a symposium
on Teacher Education in Mathema-
ties at the University of Wisconsin
in Madison, Wisconsin, the week of
August 26.

Robert C. Lutppold, Instructor in
Mathematics, attended the summer
seSSion of the University of Pitts-
burgh to work toward his doctor—

men. too) will sign up for the ac- ate

tlvitles of their choice.

The festivities will hasten on into
the evening when the Sophomore
class will present a skit in honor of
the Yellowjackets of 1956.

After the applause for the Soph
Skit has faded beyond the bound-
aries of Page Auditorium, members
of all four classes will gather on
the ﬁeld in the warm glow of a
blazing bonﬁre to cheer each other
and State.

Still singing, members of the
Sophomore class will lead the way
toward Brubacher Hall with a
Snake Dance through the streets of
Albany. By the time the survivors
cf. State's own form of combat man-
euvers arrive at 750 State Street,
music and refreshments will be
awaiting them, and an eventful day
will come to an appropriate close
with dancing on tired feet.

So come all ye undergrads, one
and all. to one of the most spirited
dates on our school calendar. Bean-

ies. banners and a bonfire—what ie

more could be desired for a rous-
ing Activities Day?

Science Students
Plan Conference

Thursday. October 25, the ﬁrst
meeting of the officers of Science
Club was held. Leo Merrill '54.
President. disclosed that deﬁnite
plans were discussed and completed
for their role in the Activities Day
schedule. In addition to this. tenta-
tive plans were made for the science
conference which is to be held next
spring. the week before Easter.

The club is anxious for a large
enrollment of new members this
year as they are to take an import-
ant part in the success of the science
conference. The members of the
club are to serve on the important
committees of the meeting. The
freshmen are particularly invited to
join this departmental club.

Press Bureau Requests
Freshmen Return Forms

Any freshman who has not re-
turned his activities sheet is asked
to do so immediately so that the
ﬁles for the Class of ‘56 may be
completed, Mary Jane Dewey ’53.
Director of Press Bureau has an-
nounced. If any freshman did not
receive the form to fill out during
orientation last week he may do so
by contacting Miss Dewey through
Student Mail.

These forms contain a record of
the student’s activities anci are to
be kept up to date. They are used
in sending notices concerning the
student’s accomplishments and ac-
tivities to his home town paper.

 

Hey Man!
Need a Ban-ii?
FRANK MAYER

AND HIS ORCHESTRA

“Music Styled for Dancing"
STUDENT MAIL 6-0568

 

 

 

 

'i‘i‘IM l’lil llAN( ‘ E TA V 1*)
A placc to mcei a git'
'l‘lic music's sharp, the food is great.

lilil don't forget to “bring back your plate.”

TEMPERANCE TAVERN

RN is yours to enjoy.
1 or a boy.

 

See ya there!

Dr. J. Wesley Childers, Professor
of Modern Languages, attended a
conference of teachers in Renssel—
aer County held September 22 at
Averill Park Central School. The
subject of the meeting was Provid-
ing For Individual Differences as
a Means to Mental Health.

Nura Turner. Instructor in
Mathematics, visited England, Scot-
land. and France this summer.

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President,
and Robert Rienow, Instructor in
Social Studies, attended a confer-
ence on university and world affairs
and sponsored by Carnegie Endow-

ment, at Saranac Lake September

2-4.

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President. has
announced the following promotions
from assistant professor to profes-
sor: Agnes Futterer, Department of
English, Caroline Lester, Depart-
men of Mathematics. and Ralph
Baker. Department of Social Stud-

5.

Ruth Woolschlager, Instructor in
Commerce in the Milne School.
completed her Doctorate at North-
western this summer.

Robert Rienow, Instructor in So-
cial Studies, has had an article en-
titled The Russians Say You’re
Afraid To Vote in the current is-
sue of Kiwanis Magazine. Rienow
also has an article in the September
7 issue of the New York Herald Tri-
bune Magazine entitled Generation
Of Cynics.

The Arrl Hudson Division Con-
vention will be held October 3. 4, 5.
at the Hotel Ten Eyck. On Friday.
1a demonstration and lecture on
“Microwaves — The Optical Prop-
erties” will be given by Dr. C. Lu-
ther Andrews. Professor of Physics.

Dr, Daniel Griffiths, of Colgate
University, is now Director of Ad-
ministrative Seminar Projects.

Charles Hamblen. Jr., of the Uni—
versity of Florida, will replace Dr
Joseph Leese, Professor of Educa-
MOE. as Executive Secretary of CAS

Send it home in a

covered laundry

Don’t leave

ON SALE AT THE NEW

 

 

 

WHAT’S YOUR PROBLEM?
T00 mucii LAUNDRY?

Don‘t wash it out between classes!

LOST YOUR KNITTING?

a trail
Collect your belongings in a gay

plaid carry-all bag.

THESE AND MANY OTHER USEFUL ITEMS ARE NOW

“ALWAYS AT YOUR SERVICE”

W f” [W “W

l V ’. kn,

 

  

Features Speaker

At First Meeting
Dr. Dobbin’s' Address

To Center Upon France

The ﬁrst general meeting of F0-
rum of Politics will be held Thurs-
day, October 1. according to Walter
Schneller '53, program chairman for
the organization. The meeting will
be held at 3:30 pm. in Room 349.
the New Draper Auditorium.

Featured speaker at the meeting
will be Dr. M. Annette Dobbin. Al-
sistant Professor of Modern Lang-
uages. As assistant director of the
program sponsored by SWeet Brier
College, Virginia, for sending Ameri-
can college Juniors to France for
study, Miss, Dobbin spent a sabbat-
ical leave in Europe last year.

Miss Dobbin’s address to the or-
ganization will concern her own so-
cial, economic, and political obser-
vations of France based on this trip.
The members of Forum invite
everyone who may be interested to
attend this meeting.

Directory Editor
Asks Students
To Join Staff

All freshmen, Juniors, Sopho-
mores. or Seniors who are interested
in working on the State College Di-
rectory for this year are requested
to sign up for the editorial staff as
soon as possible, announces Sheila
Hill ’53, Editor. The sign up sheet
is located on the Student Council
bulletin board in Husted. All stu-
dents experienced in typing are es-
pecially needed for this project as
a large amount of the work con-
sists of typewriting.

The meeting for those wishing to
join will take place today at 4 pm.
in Activity Room 4. Brubacher Hall.
Anyone who has already contacted
Miss Hill will not need to sign up
again.

The directory is the college hand-
book which lists the names. ad-
dresses and telephone numbers of
all State students. The directory
is printed for the convenience of
the student and is included in the
Student Association Activity Tax.

1 w

convenient canvas

case.

behind you!

 

   

 

 

............................» . . . l

