1:». ‘71.»1t“ .!

 

 

not a

Worth A Dollar ?

To the students who will receive aid through
the cooperative medical clinics, the self-help liv-
ing centers or through receiving books and scienti-
fic equipment, this assistance will mean more than
we can possibly imagine. But even more important
is the fact that it will become part of the world-
wide effort of students and teachers in thirty-one
countries to meet the problems of the university
and in the process to develop the kind of under-
standing that spans the gaps of racial hatred, re-
ligous (sic) difference and national friction.”
This quotation explains far better than we would
attempt the scope and intent of the organization
to which the major portion 'of the funds collected
in the college Campus Chest Drive, which opens
today, will go - - - World Student Service Fund.
We do not beg you to be charitable; we draw no
conclusions from the fact that State College has
never met a Campus Chest goal. We simply ex-
press the hope that you will want to add your dol-
lar to those of students all over the world in this,
the only world-wide cooperative effort in which
you will be asked or will have opportunity to take
part this year.

Dead Wood 7

What gives with Campus Commission? As far
as we can see, with the exception of cleaning off
the sorority-fraternity bulletin board and posting
a notice to the effect that posters cannot be put up
without approval, they have an overwhelming rec-
ord of inactivity thus far this year. In relation to
the former job they have done, we might mention
that there are many other bulletin boards which
are constantly cluttered with irrevelant material
which no one seems to be responsible for posting.
and that the rights of organizations have been vio—
lated with all manner of publicity, even to the
extent of having one organization‘s name taken
from the board.

Concerning the latter instance of Campus Com-
mission activity, when posters are turned in to the
desk as required and lay there for three days with-
out receiving either approval or disapproval, can
organizations be blamed for taking matters into
their own hands and putting tip their own posters?
Unfortunately, publicity cannot wait for the whims
of this organization.

Last week in this column, we asked that direc—
tional signs for the Commons be posted; we
thoughtft about time that dancing be started in
the Commons at noon. This week we find it neces-
sary to repeat our requests since no action has
been taken on either item, nor any excuse for in-
action offered. This week we also take it upon
ourselves to make further requests. We ask that
sotne attempt be made to enforce at least some of
the rttles. if the mailboxes were cleaned out once
a week as they should be. perhaps SA Would not
have to go through the daily ordeal of pawing
through yellowed, month old notes to persons no
longer at the college, novelty notices of meetings
which took place a week ago, and messages written
on paper far below the minimum size requirements.

The victrola is now in the Commons awaiting an
operator; the mailboxes will be tnoved, probably
by Monday (an ideal opportunity for cleaning out
the year's collection of stale notes); all we need
now is some ashtrays for the cafeteria, a few signs
suggesting the purpose of thctn, and a little ac-
tivity on the part of Campus Commission. You.
CC. are not a police force; yoti have no method
of legally enforcing your rules; however. we feel
that SA has the right to demand some evidence of
an attempt on your part to do your job.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDII
BY THE CLAII OF IDII

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII October 17. 1952 No. .i
Members oi th-~ .\'l'l\\'S stilli‘ may lll‘ rout-In-d 'l‘ui-sduy
lllll “Wine-lilo) from T to it p Ill at ‘..‘1i‘l'.'ti. I'I\l ll
I'imm'a [It'ill '. '..' iiil'Jtl. ll.1llll|ill|l.:llTlll. l\'Iv~'7.i'\\-\lil. ll N'i'JT.
.\i.i.\'idtls. hit oIii'J. “Fellini-j. ti! tisT‘J. l'lttll, "J not.)
The itndergritdtuilc llt'\\’~|lil|ll'l' ot' the Mn \‘orlt n'ntl- I'oi
ll-u- i'or 'I'i'ni'lii-I's. I‘lllill‘lll'll I'\l'l'.\ l'-I‘lilil,\ oi lllt' t'lIl cut-
your by Ibo \'i~l\\'H itmrd for the Student .\‘wlti'illllli[i
IL-UIIIAIIA I‘I'ZAi'i‘I - - - - - - - - I‘lllllor-lti-(‘lilt-l
lil‘i‘ilii’ litiile'Z‘IHlU - ~ - I'll-.‘Illllllulllu I'itlliol'
I'ti-i'l‘llElt MAIAKTH — - ~ - - ("o-Muringlnu l’liilior

- t'o-l'ubllc ltcliitloim Editor

('o-I'ubiio ltoliitlouu l'ltiiior
- - - - - « riportu I‘llllllil'
lililtli-i lltilll‘ﬂt’l‘V - - - - ~ Henlor Nporin Member
JUIHHNE Hlitllt'lt' - ~ - HIMliltmN-I‘tltt‘r‘lNlllK Mariam-r
lilAlHl'lLLEN NltllJ‘llt « < - - ‘ ('lrciiliuioo .tliiitiilrer
lltltll'll. \t‘titllillAN - - - - - ~ - I'ixi'lllllluit Editor
.HH't'I'I ﬂl'll’l‘lth - ~ « - - - - - Fouturo Editor
llll’lNl‘i I'llillltl‘II) - - - A r .hoooulillu l‘lllitor
HALLI' til‘lliltl - - ~ - - - - - ‘ Anuot'liiie I‘Jliltor
(‘A'l'lllﬁlllNl'i LYNI‘II - » r ‘ I‘lhllt‘llllt! lﬂllllor

IIH'JSI'} lllllCZthKT -
I‘ll.l'l.i\lll'2'l‘ll I'll 'l"l‘
AIII’JI. Illu\'|"l'.\I/\

 

 

'63."

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRiDAY, OCTOBER l7. 1952

 

 

Zaaluﬂm -

By RUDY DE SANTOLO

 

Few will forget the stimulating
experience of a Friday afternoon
get-together (perhaps fiasco is a
better term: in Page Hall. After
four years and many hours of val—
uable time contributed to the chore
of seeing that our student govern-
ment functioned eerctively. I am
on the point of a revolt.

Too often our democratic govern-
ment has been made to appear far-
cical by a “Sampson-like silver-
tcngued" orator giving its his intel-
lectual views thus provoking only
more confusion in a situation where
"class" is the only distinguishable
participant evident. Can we justify
compulsion in a country's education-
al institution which preaches the
doctrine of freedom and civil lib-
erty? As it stands now we have
amassed rt conglomeration of all
possible governmental structures.
Consequently. we have created a
patchwork quilt which is presenth

 

7W’ 9» 7/“ 70am
By sv SEMMLER

Conductor Dmitri Mltropoulos
leading the New York Philharmon—
lc-Symphony will open the concert
season at the RPI Field House for
a one-night performance October
21 at 8:45 p.m.

The present iOti-mcmber group is
heard weekly by an estimated thir-
teen million radio listeners and
plays more than 100 concerts ycarlv
in New York's Carnegie Hall.

This orchestra is the oldest in
America and the third oldest. in the
world.

Mitropoulos, Greek by birth. has
been decorated by three foreign na-
tions for his contributions to music.

Season and individual tickets are
on sale at the Field House box oi?
flco.

Also the evening of October 21
the fatncd Lotidon Opera Company
with a cast oi' 10!) artists will per-
form Bizct's opei'u. "Carmen." at
the Strand 'l‘licui.ci‘.

The famous duo of Dean Martin
and Jerry Lewis is appearing in
person at. the RPI Field House on
October 29 at. 8:45 pm.

Opening with the well-known
comedians are their musical direct.-
or. Dick Sinbilo and an extra udd-
ed attraction ill the person of sing-
er Kitiy Kailcn.

The Albany institute oi' History
and Art. is featuring the Second
Annunl itlxhibition of New York
State Civil Service ltlmployees As-
:o-tnlion through November ill.
’lliia ilrl exhibit. includes paintings
by members 01' the Association and
their families.

.lcun Leon liestino. iiniti dancer,
will perform at. the institute at. liztiti
pin. on ()ci.()lll‘l‘ 2-1.

Tonight. and Saturday the ieclt~
nicoiot' "Scarlet. Angel" Willi Yvonne
ilt-(lnrio and flock Hudson and
"Holly and Huintc Anne" starring
Anti lliythe are billed at. the Madi—
Hill.

Sunday’s change brings Luna
'i‘urnor iii the technicolor lift "The
Merry Widow" and "You for Me"
with Peter lawford.

Readul‘ion

 

in a state of tattered shreds.

I hereby suggest that the Presi-
dent of Student Association set up
a committee out of SA which would
investigate the possibility of set-
ting up a completely representative
government. which would imbue
the following recommendations.

The first is a unicameral legis-
lature which would consist of 26
members if) members from each
class including the 4 presidents and
4 delegates at large elected from
Student Association as a whole plus
the Vice-President and Secretary)
This body would then be a true re—
ﬂection of the feelings and views of
Student Association. You would not
only have the representation of fac—
tions within each class, but you
would also have the factions in the
school as a whole represented; thus
being able to lend the support need-
ed to either the president or the
majority. This Senate would be pre-
sided over by the Vice President
who would be the impartial mod-
crator of the Senate. a role the
President of Student Association
has assumed so ably since the pass-
ing on of the immortal John Jen-
mngs.

The President would be the lead-
er of the majority, elected upon a
very definite platform. He would be
empowered to set up his own cab-
inet who would serve as his ad-
visors. te.g‘.. Student Board of Pi-
nance would be his financial aci-
v.“.ors, AA Board would be his ath-
letic advisers, etc.) The President
would not be a member of the Seii—
ato. but instead there would be '1
separation 01' powers between Ex-
ecutive tPrcsidentt and Legislative
(Senate).

The last. division of this govern-
ment. atid the most radical change.
is one of creating a strictly judicial
body. This could be Myskuntn with
the difference being the accent tak-
cn off the honorary aspect and
placed upon the jiidicinl aspect.
This new “Mysky” would be ap-

' pointed by the President and up-

provcd by 2/3 vote of the Senate.
The old "Mysky" could still sub-
mit 11 list of those they would rc-
eotnntend i'or the. positions. The
qualifications would be (it a senior
‘2! not a member of' the Senate.
They would be comparable to the
Supreme Court. of the United States
in that they would be the lust. word
interpretation oi' Constitutional
tights and nutlioritv.

The whole key to this system’s
functioning eil'cctivcly is the crea-
tion ol' political parties. With these
on campus. we, like other student
iovcrnments could have all oitt.
campaigning. political rallies and
above all, definite platforms upon
which we may properly evaluate a
candidate. 'l‘hus completely oliinin-
uting the. popularity polls hold each
year here. Mr hopcil The idea of
political parties scl'iilh' to repulse
many of olir prominent. members
of HA but. since when are we above
the American standards of good
ittiVl-i‘iiiiient.

Come on. Ml‘. President. let's
[ct the ball rolling. it's time for n
lininguii

 

Gama-Sta!»

By JULIE KOREA

 

———.._

BEE HIVE . . .

Walking into the Commons, one still sees only a
mirage of Frosh beanies. But. where's the atmos-
phere ? ? ? Anyway, does anyone know whether the
persons playing the piano from 9 am. to 4 pm, be-
long to a union . . .

INTELLECT’S DELIGHT . . .

Pi Gamma Mu is bringing to State on October 22.
Dr. William Hung, a Harvard graduate and foremost
contemporary Chinese scholar. Perhaps with a little
more publicity. this speaker won't slip through our
fingers unnoticed.

COME ONE—COME ALL . . .

To All State Day . . . Watch Hathaway's Hecklers
vs. Garcia’s Growlers, hear the marching band. and
don't miss the "enlightening" entertainment by the.
student-faculty troupe. See ya all Sunday . . .

FRIDAY'S MEAT . . .

Seems to me the President of the United States:
should get some respect from the student body . . .
Suggestion is that Student Union Board become a
Student Association elected . . . Check your assem~
bly seats ! i ! Campus Commission is finally going to
take attendance today . . . Wish the people using
the cafeteria would put their ashes in the ash trays
instead of on the chairs and floors . . . Hope to see
the day when the performance on Tuesday nights
in the rows equals the high caliber of acting on the
stage . . . Campus Chest Drive for $1,500 opens offi-
cially today. Maybe if the commuters cooperate this
year. we could go way over the top . . . Read the
Co-op ad—you might be the one holding the luckv
number . . . Wonder when our first coffee hour is
going to be . . . Let's all cheer the soccer team to
another victory tomorrow when they face Oswego

MURMURS FROM THE SNAKE PIT . . .

The sound effects in last Friday's assembly were
a clear indication of the Juvenile attitude of the stu-
dent body. It‘s high time that we started acting like
mature men and women and begin respecting the
opinions and rights of others!

WESTERN AVENUE WALKETTES . . .

Those yellow "long johns" the Frosh gals are wear-
ing to gym classes these days are nothing to rave
about. but . . . at least they're warm, right gals?

FROM 7 TILL 7 . .

See that the seven campaiin headquarters are go-
ing full speed ahead in the “no holds barred" rushing
period. The mud slinging of the national campaign
has nothing on these dolls! However. it's a sure thing
that there will be some monkey wrenches thrown
into the machinery before it’s over. So . . . step right
up folks, and place your bets while the gals are still
in the running.

AT LAST . . .

The newly redecorated Boul opens for business this
Tuesday. If their prices are as good as the estab-
lishtncnt now looks. the problem of our present cafe-
teria lines may be solved.

TOOT . . . TOOT . . . RAILROAD

It’s true . . . there are still people in this college
who are followers. Today in assembly, these people
can become leaders by voting for the most qualified
persons instead of a straight fraternity or sorority
ticket. Ya know. the guy you see every Monday night
isn't always the one who can do the best job.

Maybe it would be easier to buy first old equipment
in the Union rather than wait for the ping-pong
tables to be repaired . . .

QUESTION 0|? THE WEEK . . .
Why be bitter ? ? ? ? '2

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 17
1:15 p.m. NYSTA Commercial Meeting. Draper (Mil
NYSTA English Meeting. Page Hall.

1:30 pm. NYSTA Science Meeting. Room 20.

1:45 pm. NYSTA Guidniue Meeting. Richardson
Lounge.

1:40pm. NYSTA Language Meeting. ltoom 2ft.

7 p.m. lVFC Social Mrcting.
Psi (illillllltt Pizza Party.
(intnma Kappa Phi Open House.

SATURDAY. ()(‘TUIIEIt Ill
ii p.tn. lli'ubucher Open House.
Alplin Epsilon Phi Open House.

SUNDAY. OCTOBER it)

it p.tn. lllllcl ll‘i'osh reception, Washington Ave-
nue Synagogue.

'I‘UEHDAY. ()(“l‘tllll‘llt 75

it! pm. Music Council ltecordcd Music. itooin 2“.

it pm. Music Council 'l‘ryouia. llrubnchcr llllll.

WiniNin-ilmv. o("roliicu :22
., . . .
l.. |).lll. HlA Clifljlt'l. Park United Presbyterian
(Jinirch.
ltivnlry (.‘otiimittee Mpt'llilH. ltootu Bill).
7 pm. Mathematics Meeting, lli'tibticiicr lliiil.

THURSDAY. OCTOBER :53
7:30 |).lll. Science Club;

ll p.m.

leipculwr: Mi' lloichci‘i;

Topic: lenses and Binoculars and their
Relations to Bird Studios.

 

sCA, IVCF Pt...
'Weekend Events

Hillel Will Welcome
Freshmen At Reception

Scheduling events for the week-
end and next week are three State
College religious clubs, SCA, IVCF.
and Hillel.

Among the members of SCA who
will attend the state wide Student
Christian Movement Conference at
RPI over the weekend are Patti
Ward '53. President; Roderick Hil-
singer ’53. Lillian Weller '53, and
Elaine Swartout ‘56. At the SCA
chapel Wednesday noon, Rev. Ross
Blake of Madison Avenue Presby-
terian Church will speak. The topic
this month is “Fellowship With
Christ." SCA is again handling soli—
citations for Campus Chest.

Friday night IVCF is holding a
social meeting at the home of John
DuMont. The group will meet in
front of Pierce Hall at 7 p.111. En-
tertainment will be provided with
games and singing. Everyone is in-
vited states Virginia Buschmann ‘53,
Publicity Representative.

Hillel will greet the frosh mem-
bers at a reception at the Washing-
ton Avenue Synagogue, Congrega-
tion of Ohav Shoiom. at 8 p. m. Silli-
day. according to Elaine Topper 
President of Hillel Society. All new-
comers to State are welcome.

 

emmcal' fond

 

To the Editor:

Htivi'1; spent two assemblies iii
reaching the poilit from which we
began. let's continue from the ino-
tnent. We've eliminated Big Fours
as such and as part of rivalary and
have tints proved our maturity and
truly intellectual college spirit. We
must now continue in this enlight-
ened vein; let's dispose of some oi‘
the other childish and probation—
causing‘, "school-spirit wrecking“ fil-
('l‘ts of rivalry.

’l‘hci'c‘s that foolish. utterly ridi-
culous debate. Horrors! Adult col-
lege studctits actually getting lip oil
the stage oi' Page and having a
comedy debate! This must be im—
niediatcly discontinued. And I llll-
dcrstand there hasn't been a single
penny taken in by any organization
from any of those horribly objec-
tionable mistakes!

Let's eiiiniiiate those things on
Campus Day and Moving Up Day.
too. Why. they're actually amateur—
ish! State College must. never
repeat. tievcr ~ put on anything
which is tioi. thoroughly profit.-
sional. Alter all, we're. colleie stil-
dents, not high school kids. let's
pass motions forbidding all tho 1'
insults to the name of our college.
And those poor waiters who would
stoop so low as to appear in such
1icrformnnccs? it is granted that.
lliey must. be demented to even coli-
sldei' such it traitcrous net. but. \vc'\c
won and can ail'ord to be generous.
For we have not eliminated their
clnnicc to be on stage; We have just
climti‘inted the adolescent. institu-
tion of rivalry.

We were constructive, we upheld
the “All-(.tollcge itcvue" and can
now hold up our heads in Albany.
These mnlconlents will be able to
work in the school; they can really
pitch in and swing it paint brush
and hammer. 'l‘hen someday they'll
be Senior and they can go on stage
without. those terrible nmnicnr pro-
ductions iii their past. Who needs
experience? We're college students
we're uduils we‘ve passed motions

we're mature!

ilow horrible it would he ll one
louldn'! at am maturity by merely
passing nurtions Sillllll': \tt"l'c inn-
titre!

llob Lunllet'gnii '51.

STAT-I COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER I7. 1932

 

3m Maui 0W

 

 

This year‘s series of AD. lab pro-
ductions opened with a. “serious”
drama directed by John Laing and
a comedy by Dolores Donnelly.

Mr. Laing‘s play was in itself an
unfortunate choice. Sententious and
pseudo-psychological in its stat/e-
ment, the play was nothing more
than a turgid melodrama. The pres-
entation fitted the play. Settings.
lighting and movement lacked the
spark of imagination necessary to
counteract the literary merits of
the piece. Jim Erlandson and Diane
Wheeler. though effective at times.
labored unsuccessfully with the
script. The major fault with both
their interpretations was over-
emotionalism. Beginning the play

 

Ferocious Frosh
Tie M yskanio

'Twas a bright autumn day
last Monday. The Terrible Thir-
teen of Myskania took to the
field to defend their fair name
against the Fearless Fr0sh of
Fifty-six.

Although the girls and Frank
[lodges ware attired in 1y. length
nightgowns, they managed to
retain their dignity. The Rev.
.lohn Lannon rummagcd in the
murky drpths of his wardrobe
chest to retrieve a smoking ma-
roon jacket and a dapper derby.

Unfortunately for the frus-
trated frosh, Myskania had all
the whistles. As soon as it be-
came apparent that Mysky was
also doing the reff‘ing. the '5Gcrs
l)ll'l.’l.'.‘(I the hall right to .a
touchdown. From there on in
it was everybody's game.

Statistics: No corpora delec-
ta; a couple oi‘ casual casualties;
and the official ruling: ’I‘hey
twithidrcw.

 

Teachers To Discuss
Language Procedures

This afternoon State College will
be host. to the Language Section of
the New York State Teachers As-
sociaiioii. William G. Meyer. In—
structor in Modern Languages. and
chairman 01' this group. has an-
tioiinccd

Featured at the meeting in Room
28. l'tichardson. will be lecture-
dcinonstrnLions. Dr. Clll'l Odenkir—
chcn. Instructor in Modern Lati-
gungcs, will speak on the use of the
tape recorder in modern language
teaching after a speech of welcome
by Dr. Roy Mrisher. Supervisor 0!"
Modern Language Teaching in the
State Education Department. Also
on the program are talks by Wayne
Halter of Albany High. whose sub-
jcci is “The Motion Picture in Lati-
gungl- ’l‘enciiing,“ illl(l by Mildred
Baker oi' Hudson Falls High who
will speak on new methods of teach—
ing Latin.

Husfed Houses Show
Of Spitz Planetarium

lll I'Illslt‘tl today there is a pre-
i-cntation of the Spitz planetarium.
it is n ~tnoll scientific. machine that
is used to study the heavens. This
device shown the motion of the
slurs. litcir variable speeds, the nio-
tioti of the ilxn-d stars. In addition
to this it. demonstrates the. color.s
of the shifting cloud i'ortnntlons.
Many other colleies have used this
scientitlc device. but. this is the first
demonstration at. State.

’l‘llEA'l‘ltE

PALACE mm

NOW SHOWING
III'I’I‘TI’ Ill"l"l‘()N llI

Somebody Loves Me '

 

 

 

 

'I‘EMI'ERANt‘I‘l TAVERN—«a place to meet,
A place to come and rest your feet.
And when you come, pull up a chair

You're bound to see your friends are there.

 

on an intense pitch, they had no
room to build to a logical climax.
It’s another question of whether
embarrassing bombast can be called
art; our directors should remember
that dramatic effectiveness is not
always measured by the amount of
vocal contorticns the actors can
produce.

Miss Donnelly's farcical comedy
was an enjoyable contrast. The im-
aginative and colorful staging bore
witness to the director’s skill. Spe-
cial notice should go to Ross Hack
and Joan Carlin. both new to AD.
productions. who carried out the
broad lines of the farce in fine style.
Mr. Hack did not always retain a
tight hold on his characterization of
the Judge but still managed to tnilk
the lines of all their comedy. MISS
Carlin. in spite of a. weak voice,
proved to be almost perfect in the
role of the rattle-tongued wife. The
supporting roles as a whole were well
acted. Frank Hodge. as the crafty
old lawyer. and Harry Warr, the
surgeon's prissy attendant, sustain-
ed the broadncss of the comedy. Ex-
cept for a few flaws. this play should
go down as one of the highlights of
the year.

Classes Discuss
Future Activities

The Class of '55 has resolved that
a committee should be set up to pick
script and director for the plays
which will be presented this year.
Notninations were held on Tuesday
iii the freshman class for the dif-
ferent ci‘i‘iccs. in the Junior class
there was a discussion in its meet-
ing about a Ji..'.ior revue

Marvin Citernoff. Junior class
president. announced that the Jim-
iors (lléf‘ilSSC‘d at great length the
idea of a Junior revue. Also on the
agenda for Thursday was a discus-
s.on about rings for the Junior class.

Twelve lllt‘lllbt‘l‘s oi' the Sopho-
lllt,‘:'(‘ class have been elected to pick
the scripts and the directors fo' any
plans that may be given in the year
1952-53. The (‘ltlss is sending post-
cards to the members who haven't
returned. wishing them lurk in their
future endeavors. President Robert
Conn ‘55, announces that there will
be a vote to decide on a quorum for
class meetings on Thursday.

DE Club Organizes;
Elects New Leaders

Officers were elected at a recent
organization meeting of the Dis-
tributive Education Club, states Eli
Boilin '53. Editor and Publicity
Chairman. The new officers are:
Douglas Adnmson '53. President;
Kenneth Everard '54, Vice Presi-
dent; Charles Militant '54. Treas-
urer; Marie Mortelliti ‘54. Secre—
tary: Eli Btillin '53, Editor illl(l
Publicin Manager. Reno S. Knouse.
Professor of Commerce. is the spon~
sor oi' this club.

 

Gerald Drug Co.

2£l7 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

l’lione (i-lltilt)

 

 

 
   

Q
a
film] W/ie.

(‘oi'nei' ()niario d: Henson
lliiil ‘l—l 12f)

l"|.()RI."|‘ &
(lRl‘llCN l*l()l lh‘ltl

(‘ollcg'e lt‘loi'isis for Years
Special Attention
i'ot'

Sororities and lt‘rnierniiies

 

 

Faculty, Students
Extend Welcome
To French COnsul

The Upper Lounge of the student
Union was the Scene, Thursday. Oct.
9, of a tea for the Consul General
of France at New York. Jean de
Lngarde.

Attending the affair were several
faculty members. members of My-
skania. and a delegation from
French Club. Refreshments were
prepared by a group of Brubacher
women who acted as hostesses. Dr.
Marion E. Smith. Professor of
French, poured.

M. De Lagarde was introduced by
James I-Iazen Hyde of Saratoga
Springs. In his brief speech the Con-
sul General emphasized the need for
continued good feelings between
France and America. He also dwelt
on the Eastern problem, and ex-
pressed pleasure that so many Am-
ericans were interested in his coun-
try’s problems. This is M. De La-
garde's fourth year in the United
States, and this summer was his
first visit in his homeland since his
arrival.

Earlier in the afternoon the Con-
sul was entertained at the Fort
Orange Club. Dr. Evan R. Collins.
President of the College, and Dr.
Edward P. Show. Professor of
French. attended this reception.

Music Council Plans
Noon Record Hour

Music Council and tryouts are in
charge of a recorciing hour to be
held at noon in Room 28 every
Tuesday. At this time those who
enjoy music may listen to their fa-
vorite selections. students may
make requests for classical and
semi-classical music. according to
Joan DeVinney '53, Music Council
President.

A meeting will be held for Music
Council tryouts Tuesday evening in
Brubacher Hall. to begin at 8 pm.
An explanation of the tryout sys-
tetn and the work of Music Counci.
members will be discussed. Miss Dr—
Vinney will conduct the meeting.

Chairman OF Rivalry
Slates Noon Meaning

All members of the State College
Rivalry Committee are requested to
attend a meeting on Wednesday.
This meeting will take place in
Room 200 Draper tit 12 noon.

Joseph J. Lombardi ‘53. chairman
of this Myskania committee. illi-
nounced that this meeting is es-
pecially important and that all the
members it“'Si be present at this
time.

 

Capital Press
I’ R IN T E R S

ALL TYPES
COLLEGE. FRATERNI'I‘Y
SORORITY PRINTING

TELEPHONE 4-9703

l7ti South Pearl Street
Albany, New York

 

 

 

PAC. 8,

Teacher Group
Slates Meetings

ln Albany Today
NYSTA Will Hold

Departmental Lecturer

There will be a. conference of the
New York State Teacher Associa-
tion of the Eastern Zone today. All
students wno are interested are in-
vited to attend. The main meetings
are being held in the Strand and
Palace theaters downtown. The mu-
sical groups of the area schools are
presenting various selections.

The Association is presenting a
N.Y.S.T.A. exhibit in the Ten Eyck
Hotel on the ballroom ﬂoor. Also
there is a commerce display which
dpals with books, supply, and visual
a ds

Several sectional meetings are
being held in school. In the Draper
Auditorium there is a commercial
meeting at 1:15 pm. Under the
chairmanship of Mary E. Conklin.
Assistant Professor of Education,
an English discussion is being held
in Page Auditorium. At 1:45 pm.
in Richardson Lounge there is a
sectional meeting of guidance. Wil-
liam G. Meyer. Instructor in Mod-
ern Languages, is in charge of a
language meeting, which takes place
place at 1:40 pm. at college. At 1:30
pm. a science meeting is being held
in Richardson 20.

Red Cross To Offer

Swimming instructions

A course in Intermediate Swim-
ming. conducted by the Red Cross,
will be offered at Hackett Junior
High School from October 27 to
November 12 at 7 to 9 pm. Anyone
interested in this course may obtain
application blanks from Barbara
Wolsiegcl ‘54. Instructors are also
needed for this course. it was an-
nounced by Marie DeSeve '53.

Volunteers to work with Grade
School and High School students as
supervisors of Junior Red Cross ac-
tivities are needed by the Red Cross
Chapter. Girls are also needed to
work in a toy lending library on
Tuesday afternoons. Anyone inter~
csted in these activities should con-
tact Lorraine Miglinccio '53. by the
Student Mail or at Brubacher.

 

THE
BOlll.
RE-OPENSi

Inspection Monday
Service Starts Tuesday
“Drop In And See Us”

GEORGE I). JEONEY

8; SONS
ltiil CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

Let The Buyer BE—AlliARE

or OUR
EARLY It‘ALL CLEARANCE

naomumo _
FRI. ()("l‘. i7 —— ()("I‘. 23

X—tra Special

Will'l‘l‘l PART-WOOL SPORT SOX
lil'ltil.ll..ARliY title A PAIR

SALE PRICE 65c

lllllliiltl'l‘ BOULEVARD ANI) (704W CORNERS

STATE COLLEGE co—or

 

 

 

 

 

 

