MW Ev“..-— wau ,slrw

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

EITAILIIHED MAY 1910
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
June 11. 1952 No. 27

 

VOL. XXXVI
The iindergrudinile newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for 'l‘erieliers; published every Friday of the Coliege
year by fire NEWS ilourd for the Student Association.

BARBARA I'E.\(‘E - - - s - - - - Edltor-ln-(‘Iiicf
HENRY litlﬂZEWNKl - - - - - (Vi-Monitoring Editor
ESTHER .\l. \';\I(IS - - - - - - t.‘o-.\ltiniiirini; Editor
IRENE itliEZlNSKY - - (.‘o-I‘ubiie Relations Editor

 

ELIZABETH I'LA’I‘T - - - (‘o-l’riblic Relations Editor
AIIEL IIL.\’i"i‘.\lAN - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
DORIS lNHlER'i‘Y - - - - - - Senior Sports \Ii-iiilIi-r

 
  
 

JORIHNE Slilblr‘li‘ < - - Munitions-Advertlsing . tiger
MAIH'El.i.E.\' HIGLER - - - - - (‘lrculiition . mgr-r
MFRIEL WOODMAN — - - - - - - Exchunge Editor
JOYCE Sl’li'l‘Eh’ - - - - - - - - - Ii'ciitiiri- Editor
IRENE ELDREI) - - - - — - - - Associate Editor
SALLY tiEthi - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
0” 'E lll‘titiiNH - - — - - - - - Associate Editor
CATHERINE LYNCII - - - - - - - Associate. Editor

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must he siu'tied. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes tio responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or eoiiinrntncations
as such expressions no not necessarily rot‘ieet its view.

W”

 

 

Congratulations

This weekend will mark the end of many ties
of friendship and the renewal of many others as
more than $00 seniors prepare to leave the (‘oltcgc
and approximately 1000 alumni visit their ahna
mater. it is appropriate at such times that the
alumni be welcomed and the seniors be bid farc-
weii. and these sentiments we do most sincerely
express: however. amidst all the speeches. the
goodbyes and heiios. the cheers and the tears. w'e
hope that you will not forget the “men behind the
education." the people who have helped you to
accomplish the goal of which you are so proud to-
day.

When some of you, the Seniors of ~52. find your-
selves thinking of your graduation as a nightmare
ended. remember that there will be those watching
you walk across the piatforrn for whom you dip-
loma signifies a dream realized. There will be your
parents and your teachers, all of them wishing you
success. You are just as much their accomplish—
ment as your diploma is yours. Why not take time
out to congratulate your parents and instructors
for a job well done?

On Campus this weekend will also be alums
from many years back to whom State College was
far different in physical appearance than they
find it today. We are sure that these past gradu-
ates whom we welcome at their return are in a
far better position to evaluate their college educa-
tion than are the graduates of this year's class.
Their successes are the proof of the faith which
today‘s parents and teachers have in today‘s sen-
iors. They have made the reputation of the col-
lege which you will be called upon this Sunday
to take upon your shoulders and uphold and pro-
tect. You will be entering a profession for which
the standards have already been set. Much will be
expected of you. however, your diploma is the sym-
bol of your college's confidence in you to live up
to those standards and to accept the responsibils
ity placed on you for the education of tomorrow's
graduates. We can only wish you hick in your new
uridcrtakiirg and hope that you will not allow the
situation of the World today to deter you from the
successful acctiinpiishmcnt of your goals of the
future.

Along with the graduating class, we must bid
farewell to two members of the college faculty
with a total of 70 years of service to the college
to their ti'ctiit. '51-‘51 was the last year of serv-
ice for \Viliiarn (i. lx'enncdy. :\S>i~lttttl l’rofcswr
of Stir-rite. arid ih'. I'llixabeth 11. Morris. i’rofe»
sor of l‘illlltillitlil and (‘oiiegc i’sytlioiogist, who
are retiring aftcr‘ -i1 and 27 years of service. l't‘-
spcttivciy. It is diffitult for us to imagine how
many senior tiasscs they have \t't‘li tome and gr,
to how many now sutrcssful individuals they have
acted as feather. tourisclor‘. of friend Ruth strt'tll
iating, howcrei. docs make us r'caii/.c that we arc
brit sinai! lttL’s in the ever turning whch of ata-
dcnrit [rl'IIit' sions. anti. at the same litllt‘. tirat \\r'.
individually. arc \‘ci'y important to the toutiiin
{liltt' oi sin ti littrtt‘~\i1ill\. it is with regret and with
silircii' tlrarrlLs tliat wc bid goodbye to llrcsc two
horior'cd "grarltiatcs,"

Thus. as you, the t'ia-s of 1932. alrproath )‘nrr
('onrnrr-nrcurt-n1. you would do well to be thankful
for more than your individual anti-mes. You. and
iilt‘ roiit-gc is a whole. may well be grateful tor
the ittttIlIl]rii~.iIllll'ltls whith you have made during
your tar'cci‘s. and for the interest and friendship of

these srittcsscs possible and worthwhile.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. WEDNESDAY. JUNE it. too:

Collins Extends invitation

It’s always hard to say goodbye, even in the joyful eit—
citement of Commencement. Going out from the College this
year is the largest group to receive bachelors’ or masters’ de-
grees in the history of the College; the seniors of ’52 are the
largest class since the depressions days of the mid—thirties.
Your places will be taken by an even larger class, the enter-v
ing Class of 19:36, as the College seeks to help the. high
schools of the state prepare for the great increases in en-
rol merits of the next five to ten years.

Jig/11191114 ./ 15/- 15.2

Some of the activities of the
school this past year which may
be of interest to the returning a1—
umni include several outstanding
speakers. inauguration of new in-
stitutions on campus. and a few
changes or suggestions for change
in State's tradition.

Early in the fall. the students had
the opportunity of hearing Andre
Siegfried. French scholar and
statesman. who presented his views
on the world of the nineteenth cen-
tury as compared to that of the
twentieth.

Monsieur Seydoux, Counsel Gen-
era] of France. accompanied Sieg~
fried on his visit here.

In November. Dramatics and Arts
Council brought Patti Manship. not-
ed American sculptor. to State.
Manship spoke on seulpturing and
demonstrated his lecture by mold—
ing the head of David Shepard '52.

Helen Jcpson. noted operatic so-
prano. appearch before the student
body and presented an original op-
eralogue. in which she portrayed
three characters. Thais. Marguerite
in "Faust." and Manon.

Student Christian Association
sponsored the first annual Christ--
mas Sing in December when the
sororities and fraternities partici~
pated in a competitive Sing.

Hairs Kohn, historian and writer
on nationalism. spoke. to the stu-
dents on German nationalism. He
was sponsored by Forum.

Ahmed Shah Bokhari. Pakistan's
delegate to the U. N., was brought
before the student body by Forum
and Student Association.

An honorary debating society was
initiated on campus*'1‘au Kappa
Alpha. Also, State was the host
college for the Eastern Colleges De~
bate Tourney in March.

Other changes within the college
during the past year include the
appointments of Dr. Oscar E. Lari-
ford, Professor of Chemistry. to the
position of Dean of the College and
Dr. David Hartley. Assistant Pro-
fessor of Education. to the position
of Dean of Men.

Student Association passed resol-
utions this year doing away with
Big Fours and the class beanies.
College beanies 01' purple and gold
will replace the class beanies. Also.
a. proposal to have football here
at State was brought before S. A..
but it was decided to refer the inat—
ter to Athletic Association for fur-
ther investigation. Student C'ouncil
set up a Student Union Board this
past fall to govern activities in the
Student Union.

Even though others move up to
take your places in the unbroken
academic procession of the Col-
leges history. you will be missed
here. When I shake hands with
each of you on Sunday. I shall be.
telling you that. and congratulating
you on what you have helped make
State College in your time here.
and wishing each of you real suc-
cess iii the tasks you face.

Mrs. Collins and I look forward to
seeing each of you at the reception
on Saturday; please extend for us
also an invitation to your parents
or other Commencement guests, to
whom we could not extend individ-
ual invitations.

Dr. Evan R. Collins.
President of the (‘oliegc

 

empasz

 

 

Editors note: —Bclow is a letter
recently received by the President
of the. College from one of the
members of the (‘lass of 195]. We
regret that we are not able to print
the entire form due to the lack 01'
space.

To Dr. Evan R. Collins:

This letter should be addressed to
State, but I think that. you more
than anyone would take time to ac-
cct my "thanks". As you can tell
by my address I‘m going through
the Officer Candidate School her”
at Newport. R. 1., and in a few
short. weeks I expect to be ('0111-
ililSiltlllt‘d as an Ensign in the U.
S. N. R.

This school combines all that the
Naval Academy teaches in four
years into four months w and they
leave nothing out —— in fact I think
they add a little. I believe that the
all around education State has giv-
en me has prepared me for this
program. I admit that I never put
too tnuch time into my courses at
State and always looked for the
easy way out. but no matter how
I tried I was forced to learn and
received an education that in my
opinion is comparable to that. of
airy school in this nation. 1 base
my companion on the education of
700 other college graduates ~— law-
yers. pro-med students. english ma-
jors. and the like. I am proud of
my small record and that it Wits
only through the background that
State gave me that I could have
attained stich a record. I thank
State again for it. has gchn me
something that I doubt if any other
school could have given the as well
—a free mind and a value of the
human being as an individual.

Very Respectfully,
Harvey Milk

gamma'l‘fee ﬁlm“ GoodaaZEon

J

v a

 

Pictured above from left to right are Florence Kloscr, Joyce Shaft-r,
Robert lioniiclly, Kathryn liondo and Joan Iicnnctt who acted in an
.‘rlrnnni. tear hers, and parents Willtll have made advisory capacity to the Senior (loss in planning this Weekend of res-

tlvitica.

‘-

Commencement Procedure

The procedure to be followed by prospective grad-
uates and the wearing apparel for the Commence-
ment exercises have been released by Dr. Ralph A.
Beaver. Professor of Mathematics. The Commence-
ment program will be held on the Alumni Quardanglc
Sunday at 10 a.m. ‘

1. All students are to be in their designated posi-
tions at 9:15 a.m. The procession will start at 9:30
a.m.

2. Students. and faculty will enter by way of Pierce
Hall. Candidates for the various degrees will convene
as follows.

A. B. candidates—Ingle Room. West side

B. S. candiates tcommerceH—Inglc Room. East
side

B. E. candidates—Ingle Room, East side near

. exit door

B S. L. S. candidates—Brubacher Hull. East
wing. second floor

M. S. L. S. candidates—behind B. S. L. S. candi-
dates

M. S. candidates—behind M. S. L. S. candidates

M. A. candidates—behind M. S. candidates

3. The procession will be led by B. S. candidates
out the front entrance of Pierce Hall down to the
dormitory field where the litre will split. The faculty
will march through the double litre followed by the
master‘s candidates, thereby completely reversing
the original order. Student marshals will usher the
candidates for degrees to their proper seats.

4. When the following has been announced. “candi-
date for the degree Bachelor of r — '

 

—.' all candi«
dates for the named degree. will irnmedately rise. Dr.
Evan R. Collins, President of the College. will con-
t‘ci‘ the degree.

5. The Junior Marshals. Rosemary Keller and
John Lannon. will lead the candidates to the plat-
t'orrn to obtain the diplomas.

0 In case 01' rain the candidates for the degrees
will convene at the same time in the balcony of the
Palace Theatre. the master's in the South section.
the A. B ‘s in the center two sections and the B. Sis
in the North section.

7. If there is any doubt as to where the t'Xi'l‘i'lM's
will be held, students are to call the college switch-
board after 8:30 a.m.

H. The Junior Marshals will lead the i'ccessionat.
All candidates will leave. two rows at a time, hence
not walking with the original partner. More rapidiv
back to original positions aird disband.

The academic costumes to be worn by the ('tllitll~
dates have been designated. The women will wear
white dresses rpi'et'err'cdl, blouses and skirts. black
shoes. no colored beads or earrings. Men will wear
black. dark gray or dark blue suits. black shoes and
white shirts.

The mortar boards are to be worn straight. with
top parallel to the floor and the tasscls on the left.
The tasscls will not be switched to the right. upon
or after receiving degrees. The men will remove inor-
tar boards t‘or Invocation. and will replace them at
the end of the Commencement address. They are also
removed again immediately before the singing oi' the
Alma Mater and replaced after the National Anthem
Women will not remove their mortar boards at any
time. Flowers are not to be worn at any time with
the academic dress.

Torchnight Procedure

1. Class night will begin at 8 pm. in Page Hall
with a welcome from the Senior Class President.
Robert Donirclly '52. After the singing of the Alma
Mater a class presentation of a satire on college life
will take place.

2. At the close of the ceremonies in Page Hall,
the Seniors will leave Page; and. as they pass through
the lobby. their torches will be lighted. At the foot.
oi' the steps. the class will form into columns of four
behiird the class officers. Each senior will be followed
by his torch-bearer with alternating groups oi' four,
the Seniors in caps and gowns and the torchbcarci's
in white.

3. The line of march will be down the walk of
Page Hail and straight. across Page Field (weather
permitting.) Upon the arrival at the sidewalk. the ot~
ficer's will stop until the ranks are closed up. At the
signal of the Songlcadci'. Marion Newton '52. lilt'
entire group will start to sing the traditional "'l‘oi‘ch
Song." which will be the signal to move again np
ilie sidewalk on Western Avenue.

4. Upon arrival at. the walk in front of Iii'apt'i'.
the lllili't'll will be up the left hand side amt ttt'lt):~‘.
the walk 111 front of ihc Alumni. The match \\iil con
tinttc around and down lill‘ right side ol the walk
riirtil all lire Seniors are iir ii'tiiil. oi Draper.

a, When ‘hc tilt‘v is in place. lilt' :—toin.'lt-atttr will
direct the t'ii..i:. lit the iiigiiie. til the ili‘:»l \ti‘ c and
the chorus oi the "'l'oi'clr Song."

ti lrnnrcrtratcl‘. the President of liit' Alumni .r\...o
t'iatiori will speak. ilttitllltt’, :r lighted torch. to till
:11ch that inch Senior lir lttl’bltii' hr torch i win
bolicalh i‘cinnpiinhing in po drop a. .l Senior not
It hccnmrne a member or ihc .v\ltriin.r .\ turarmn
’l'lu ll lill' (‘ia s i‘r'csidcnl. itohcil littililt‘ll'r will I“ '~
historclr [<1illh-llillilll.tlllil lli"trllit‘t‘ \\1li toiltai. inc
i'lt‘dtit'ltl or the Alumni will then pa... lu 1with
to lilt‘ (‘1;1» i‘t'csitlciit strung that by tlrr |oi~zcir lll
wclcornc». the (‘hrs: of 19.x! into the Alumni An olra
Iron ’l'hc t‘las. President will step to thc cr-nHI cl
the group and will raise the torch hiyh 'l‘hi r lir-
flttlitti loi' the Clara iw‘ongieadr'i' to :.liii'l thr- .‘rlirt‘ltr
of "(treat l"llt'." (me yet c will be attire, rn placc '1 to n
continuing the song, the Ht‘lllitl‘h will trimc out. tot
lowrng the l’t‘t'bltlt'ttl in colnnrn:. of tour. 'i'lrc ltiltlr
bearers will l't‘lttttlii in place. holding the. lrgtitcrt itttt'llr
 'l‘lic torches Will be extinguished as the end of tilt?
hire of Senior ranging “(tn-tit Vite" passes out

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. WEDNESDAY. JUNE it. 1952

PAGE 8

 

ALUMNI SLATE REUNION FOR SATURDAV

The Half Century and Quarter Century Clubs of the

State Graduates
Plan Luncheons,
Special Meetings

'32 To Dedicate Room;
Class Of l37 Augments
1936's Fellowship Fund

The classes of 1932 and 1937 ptaii
large twenty year and fifteen year
reunions, respectively, i'or Alurrmi
Day, Saturday, June 14.

The class of“ 1932 will have a spe-
cial class meeting at 9:30 a.m. in
Draper 211. according to Judy Fist-
cr. Class Councilor. Their luncheon
will be held at 1 p.m. in the gym-
nasium of Saylcs Hall. Speeches and
entertainment have been planned
during the luncheon. Room 202 in
Pierce Hall will be dedicated by this
class to Miss Dorothy Hall. senior
class president. who died soon after
her commencement. Room 202 in
Pierce will be the class headquar-
ters for the afternoon. The class
has beeti working ten year to ac-
curnttiate funds to furnish this room
in order to make the dedication at.
this time.

‘37 To iiold 15th Reunion

The class of 1937 of which iVIrs.
Esther Sir-gal Hoffman is Councilor
will celebrate its fifteenth reunion.
The class wil meet at 9:30 Saturday
morning in Draper 241 and will
hold its luncheon :it 1 pm. 111 the
dining room of Saylcs Hall. There
will be a dinner that night for this
cla~s if those present dcsii'e ii.
The special project oi the class of
1937 for" this year has been to add
to the fellowship irinrl started by
the class of 1930 and winch it is
hoped will be continued by each
fifteen year class.

'50. '51 Plan Meetings

The class of 19.31) under" the lead—
ership of Ann Marie Hcrrmanri and
the class of 19:31 under Mary Eadc
are planning special reunions. The
class of 19:30 will meet lll Di‘apcr‘llt)
and 1951. in Draper 340 at 9:30 a.m.
All other activities of li1(‘>t‘ classes
will be held at. the discretion of the
classes. to be decided at their meet—
ings iii the morning. Every class of
the 1940 and 1950 decades will have
lunch together at 1 p.nr, in Bru-
bacher Hall.

Pakistan Student
To Attend State

Miss Ratty Fi'aiiii'oy. Cooper t'rorn
Pakistan has been offered a fellow—
ship grant to attend State College
as the result of the cndcavors of the
students arid faculty and as releas-
ed by Dr. Evan R. Collins. Presi-
(lt'lil of the College.

in order to bring a foi'cign slu-
dcnt to the college, the faculty and
students (irritated funds accumulated
from State Fair arid various clas-
activities.

Press Bureau Requests
Pictures By Tomorrow

.Vlar‘r Janc i)--‘.\t'_\‘ 'rji, threat )l or
i’l‘l‘hh litlir'atl. has .tlti.<rllill’l'li that

all ‘s‘cnioi‘ tifsli'ill‘ to hm- tin-L:
pic'ui‘c. lii‘.t‘. «.1 ill tin .1 rt-u‘t ‘ll‘.t‘
litriiietown irrwzlraptr’s rni n.r t
iilt‘ elm pi'.:its .iI :ro .mr 1‘i.rrr
lllliltli"t).‘. .i' it It'll \ii ptltrl lirrtitl
ire (lirrlilil'l of! ill liit i’Iirli r'.r'i
titimc S'uxt-irl l'rr. in

\ll :. i)l'.\l. c‘~. 'i.i.t. irr.i'. t.r.ir
.i'Irrll ..tr'. «' Alli lit :alr' it it l'.t :r
if .i 1* i.i‘. Cirli .l r.i;r'rr' tr 'rn-
or ‘-tili/.tillti1 .\i. s'otnizt ‘ liar‘
in than. ‘.t- ‘i-'.ec tztni. Hun:
.‘tua'. ‘.t' tptr ii. ' (ltft't ‘ir

‘I.I .ri  Jr. It I‘

    
   

, I
[1an Whore the lower: 61W

 

('oi'nei' (liitai‘io N llciison

 

Their Last Kicks

 

High-kickers pictured above. are the Senior Rockettes straight from
Page llall: Jean Hostwick. Janet Boltstavcr. Jeannine Burke and Jeanne
Seymour, who will participate in '52‘si ast show. "Lit'e is very different."

By lll'INR Y KOY.E“'SKI

"l-lcar ye! Hear yc! The court

shall now come to order" to contend
the case of die Seniors versus Strife

Select Counselors
For Men’s Camp

The stir» for Men's Frosh (,‘ainp.
to be held the weekend of Septem—
ber 12 to 14. 19.32. has been selected.
and the names of those who will
wri'c as counselors as needed have
been released. The camp will be
held at Camp Orinsckwa-Sonnik\va
on Warner's Lake in East
about 23 miles from Albany.

Counselors from the Class of '53
are: (‘har'les Abraham. Vincent Ac—
eto. William Adams. Leonard Davis,

Frank Fay, Robert (.iiannnattio,
Richard Jacobson, Daniel Kelly.
’i‘hoinas King, Milan Krchniak,

(icrald Roberts. Peter 'I‘clfer, Rich-
ard ’I‘ennyson, mid William Whit-
wcr.

From the Class of '54: Henry Be-
reth. John Ccntra. Alfred C1em~
ente. i-lcnr'y P'enrbach. James Fox.
’1‘homzis Hoppcy. Frank Mayer, Wal-
ter itchder', Sven Sloth. George
Wood. John '/.ongrone. and Henry
i-lnll.

l“i‘()lll the Class c1 '55: Robert
Ashticld. David Burroughs. Donald
Capiiano. liobcri Conn. Donald Co-
rioirrca. Robert Dt-Michicll, Morris
liarnlrn. Robert l’li'litlt‘l'sttil. Jaines
Lockhai't. ’i‘heodor'c Mayer. 'l‘hoin-

as Mullen, Robert Sage. Joseph
(‘apko. Dewitt (‘oinbs. itobcrt
Smith. Eugene Webb. and li.a\'~

llltllttl Wolfe.

.-\istr r‘cicasctt were the names of
llltlnt‘ men who hate been selected
a. al'crnatt-s for the counselor posi»
‘.on Seniors chosen ilit'illtil‘
‘lnonras icncnatr. l‘itl'diil'ti llona—
hot». .it-scph .\1c('oi'rn;i:'t-;, and John
i'l or! i'llrlit thr- .lrnnoi' i‘i.t.‘.s .iohn
\ii.t to .lltllii iiIrt'ltrti, illitl itlt'iratﬂi
ir’rir- i|.|\l‘ la't'ii r-r'ir't'tt-(i

 

iti'. illst'til'N'i‘ 'I'O
>'i'l Ill'lN'l'S :ititl l".‘\(‘l‘L'i‘\'
ON RECORDS

trait rrt  error

ti'!—ti'!t£l
land 9 on

1.30 t‘ciilr'al .\vc.
titrl‘tr l'Irl l‘llri'v

 

._.....____._..__..——~ _

ii‘LORIST 8:
GREENHOUSE

|)ial 4-l125

College ii‘lorists for Years

Special Attention for Sororities and Fraternities

Bern.

 

College. The jury is to determine
whether the Senior Class has the
right to graduate."

()n this rather >(‘l'iOllS note, the
Class of '52 will begin its last
show. the torch night. skit. Written
by Richard Buck and Donald
Brooks. "Life Is Very Different" fea-
tures the Seniors‘ struggle to prove
themselves worthy of the privilege
of graduating. Original inirsic by
Jess Bai'iict will highlight the pro-
duction. which will present. various
points of view on athletics. educa-
tion. Pr'ess Bureau. commerce, prac-
tice teaching. and the Placement.
Bureau.

According to Sara Danzis. Direc-
tor of the play. various members
of the Senior class will defend their
cause before the court while other
members of the cast will mimic
the actions and songs of the dc~
fendants. as the play progresses.
The musical numbers shall be pet'-
foi'nicd by Joan Bennett. Joan Bost-
wick, Barnet. Miss Danzis. Buck.
Brooks, Particia Dargusch. Marion
Gorskie, Robert. Dorinclly. Stanley
May. Edward Peene. Donald Putter—
inan. Jeanne Seymour. Joyce Shaf-
er, David Shepard. John Smithler,
and Henry Smith. “We're Not. The
Athletic Type" and “I‘ve Got Every-
thing" will highlight the musical
M'OI't‘.

'I‘he skit will commence at 7:30
pm. Until then the jury shall ad-
journ for its decision. Will the Class
of ’52 prove itself? Will the Seniors
win the right. to graduate? Attend
the torch night. skit Saturday :rird
find out. for yourself.

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

FRA'l‘I'IRN l’l‘Y JEWELRY

Badges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts ll‘avors
Stationery l’i‘ograins
(‘lub i‘ins Keys
Medals ’i‘ropiiics

Write or Call
(‘ARL SORENSEN
:rti Murray Ave Waterford, N.Y.

l'tiphonc 'l‘r'oy Adams 112003

 

 

New York State College for

Teachers Alumni Association

have planned meetings, luncheons, and dinners for Alumni
Day, Saturday. June 1.4, as released by Mrs. Bertha E. Brim-
mer. Executive Secretary of the. Alumni Association.

Mrs. Margaret Morey Cun
iiali’ Century Club, announces

ningham ’96, President of the
that the club will meet Sat-

urday morning at 9 a.m. in Upper 111. The new class en-
tering the organization this year will be the class of 1902
with Mrs. John Flinn as the new Councillor for the class. A
luncheon will be served for the Half Century Club at 1 pm.

in the Pierce liali dining room.

Mathews Posts
List Oi Seniors
With Placements

A list 01' frames of Seniors who
have obtained teaching positions
has been released by Elmer C. Mat-
hews. Director of the Teaching
Placement Bureau. Some students
have acquired placements in states
other than New York.

Estelle \1’eisblatt, commerce.
Monroe: ltoswell Buckingham, so-
cial studies. North Syracuse; Paul
Le Brun. French. Oswego; Marion
Connolly. English. New Lebanon;
iildyth Compton. Library. Schenec-
tady; Barbara Benson. commerce.
V’thhllilluit)l1\'iii(‘1 Joyce Shal’ci‘, En—
glish. Schenectady: Barbara Joyce.
English. Evans MillszMai‘jorie Far-
well. commerce. Clyde; Mary Fitz-
gerald. iringlish~liatin. South Otscl-
io; Freda Homer. commerce. Jet'-
i'ersonville; Maureen Davis, Latin.
Phoenicia; Patricia Dcvitt. corn—
nicrcc. Walden; Beverly Rinebold.
mathematics - science. Cnstleton;
Francis Baker. commerce, Rich-
inondville; Eugina Ccreili, social
studies. Bertie-Knox; Merle Twit-
chell. mathematics-science, Bcrnc;
Lois Twis. English-Library, Nichols;
Betty Allen. commerce. La Fargo-
villc; and Elizabeth Murphy,
science. Camden.

Other Seniors which are included
on the list. of piacemeiits comprise
the following students. Jeanne Sey-

mour, English. Oceanside; Viola
Myles. commerce. Valley Stream:

Jonir Haggerty. English-social stitch
ies. Averill Park; Marie Schmidt,
Librarian, Russell Sage; Mary
Sweet. commerce. Chatham; Flor-
ence Paris. commerce, Roscoe; Bar-
bara Anderson. commerce. Roscoe;
Joair Peterson, elementary. West Is—
iip; Evelyn Rudcshcim. commerce,
Margaretvillc; Robert Jacoby. corri-
merce. Gruharnsville; Margaret Mc-
Cour't, English, Coblcskill; Helen
Pileher. mathematics-science.Hope—
well, Virginia; Angelo Tiber-lo. corri-
rncr‘ce. Ravena; Carol Robinson, La-
tin-English. McGraw; Phyllis Char-
i'ori, English-Latin, Wells; Kath—
leen Cody. English-Library. Camp-
bell; Kathleen Ryan, elementary,
’f‘roy; Donald Anderson. mathema-
tics-science, Philmont; Dorothy Si-
mons. elementary. Delhi; Lenore.
Battaglia. Library. Red Hook; Bur-

(COHH’IHU'tl on Page I,, Coluan

 

rim); MJN ‘A‘uittuv
pans “and intros 0“

2g. uosaoau auaiav ours .io
EULG'V QINOildGI’I'Jil.
DNIJ.N1'HL1 AIMHOHOS

ILLI MUELLVUuI '31 i )[ii' 1' 10:)
SERIAL "I'IV

Stratung
ssaid goiideg

 

 

BREAK It'Al-i'l‘

 

CAFETERIA

DINNER
MIDNIGHT SNACKS

REASONABLE PRICES
167 CENTRAL AVE.

 

LUNCIIEB

 

The Quarter Century Club. with
the exception of the class of 1927.
which is the entering class this
year. will meet at 9:30 a.m. in Drap-
cr 101. according to Henrietta
Brett ’15, President. The Quarter
Century Club will have its luncheon
at 1 pm. in the dining room of
Pierce Hall.

1927 To Gather At Luncheon

The class of 1927 plans a large
and enthusiastic reunion. and will
begin with a meeting in Richardson
Lounge at 9:30 a.m. They will have
a luncheon meeting at Saylcs Hall
dining room at 1 pm. and a class
dinner will be held at 6 pm.

The business meeting of the As-
sociation will begin at 10:45 a.m.
in Page Hall, with Dr. Patti C.
Bulgcr. President of the Alumni
Assoeiation. presiding. The meeting
will inclirdc reports of officers,
standing committees, the Benevol-
cnt. Association. special fellowships
and gifts. and recognition of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the De-
partment of Librarianship. Profes—
sor Robert Burgess will explain the
$500 fellowship fund raised in honor
of Martha Pritchard who was the
first chairman of the Library De-
partincnt.

After the lunches, the program
will continue at 2:30 pm. with Ed-
ward J. Sabol. C'o-ordinutor 01' Field
Services. showing the State College
Movie, "Tomorrow's Teachers." at
the Ingle Room of Pierce Hall.
Alums To Register In Draper

Registration in the morning will
take place between 9 a.m. and 12
noon in Draper Rotunda. Registra-
tions t'or the trophy cups will end
promptly at. noon. The two trophy
cups will be presented at the after-
noon program. one to the class reg-
istering the highest percentage of
its membership and one to the class
having the lai'get number present.
Name. Chairmen For Day

Marlon Hcmstreet '26 is General
Chairman for the (lay. assisted by
Esther Jansen '26. Assistant Chair-
man. Mrs. Frances McMahon Keri-
nedy '33, John Dooley '48, and
Joseph Purdy ‘51 will be hostess and
hosts, respectively. Other member's
serving on committees include Mary
Dardess '20, Mrs. Eleanor Callery
Gaynor '26, Kathleen Doughty '28.
Dorothy Lushcr '28, Florence Pot-
ter '28. Helen Early '26, John Tib-
betts '42, Mrs. Frances Kelly
Thompson '23. Arthur Jones '31.
Mrs. Evelyn Mchckle Jenkins ‘29.
Mrs. Katherine Miller Allard '26.
Esther Shutts ’30. Elizabeth White
'30. Ann Muehleck '43, Mrs. Flora.
Gaspary Aiello ‘43. Alice Hastings
'40, William Lyons '50. Mrs. Harriet;
Sprngue Tyrinn ’40 and Mrs. Doro-
thy Br'iinnrcr' Ten Eyck '30.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
\ ‘
HOLLYWOOD (‘OMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOl’R PORTRAIT
~ ‘

OPEN 11:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

