 

PAGE 2

Comes The Revolution . . .

During the. past few weeks discussion has been
prevalent among the students of the college con-
cerning the rumors regarding curriculum changes.
This week the rumors have been conﬁrmed. There
have been formulated somewhat revolutionary,
but long-awaited methods of expanding and de-
veloping our present course of study to meet more
adequately the needs of the present and future
student bodies.

Last Monday the faculty voted unanimously to
accept certain curriculum changes brought to them
for their consideration after a long period of work
by the curriculum committee. These revisions and
additions to the college’s course of study are only
the beginning of a long-range program designed to
make the work more suitable and acceptable to
both the students and the faculty. The program
will go into effect with the Class of 1956.

Requirements for the Bachelor of Arts degree
will hereafter include six hours each of English,
social studies, general psychology, health, orienta-
tion and physical education, plus six hours se-
lected from the humanities, which include art,
drama, literature in English or a foreign language,
music, and philosophy. In addition, the variable
requirements will comprise 15 hours of language if
no language courses were taken in high school, six
to 12 hours of mathematics or science, education,
and 50 hours in the major-minor ﬁeld. To make
possible the completion of the language require-
ment in two years, an intensiﬁed one year course
yielding eight hours credit and meeting ﬁve times
weekly will be established for entering freshmen,
with only six additional hours necessary in the
Sophomore year.

As before, the minimum requirement in educa-
tion courses stands at 18 hours. Provision has been
made, however, for earning a maximum of eight
hours in off-campus practice teaching. These
changes have been made for the purpose of offer-
ing a more liberal education to the student body
and strengthening the experience obtained in the
major ﬁeld.

Major alterations in the requirements for the
Bachelor of Science degree, now to be offered in
commerce, biology, chemistry, physics, or mathe-
matics, include the addition of the general psy—
chology course and six hours of work selected from
a speciﬁed group in art. drama, foreign language,
literature, music, or philosophy. A biology major
will be compelled to take one year of math, while
majors in the other two sciences must complete
mathematics courses through Math 27 (Integral
Calculus). It will be necessary for math majors
to take six hours of science, whil’e students in the
commerce field will need a year of science and
additional electives totaling 39 hours, instead of
44 hours. As of next year, students will be permit-
ted to choose a major-minor in commerce.

Under the new system, the carrying of third
and fourth subjects will no longer be required, and
all ﬁelds will be open to enable the student to
broaden his knowledge. The credit hours neces-
sary for graduation have been raised to 128, how-
ever, credit will be granted for the required physi-
cal education courses.

The faculty committee lias done an extremely
ﬁne job in remedying the situation presented by
our curriculum gripes. yet their job has just be-
gun. It will be up to the future students of State
to prove that this is a worthwhile and workable
course of study.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
March 7. 1952 No. 17

Member Distributor
Associach ('ollcgiiiic i'rcni t‘oiicgiiiic Iligcal
’i‘lio undergraduate newspaper of line New York Hliito Col-
lege for 'i‘ciichern; published every Friday of the (‘olicgt-
year by the NEWS lioiird for the Student Association.
Members of the .\'l-l\\'.\‘ staff may he l‘l'ill'lil'll 'l‘iii-sday and
and \i'i-diicsdziy from 7 iii 11 p. m. at 'JIiItL’li i'lxi
I'Iililll'h‘. Hmiih. 'Jiiii'Jli. I‘iIIlIt‘. Ii‘.’ itits‘l. lluriis. l'i'JiNlH
GRACE HRII‘I'II - - - e - - ~ - - I‘ltllior-in-(‘Iiltsf
VICTORIA EAIII'} - - Slamming Editor
NOIIINIC ('.\IHIII.I. - - - I'llhlic "l‘IIHIUIIN Etllitlt‘
DONALD lil'IINﬁ - - - - - - - - Hportn I‘ltlitor
IHHHCII'I' JAt‘UIH‘ - - - - - — I1IINIIII‘NN Manager
llAltllAlt.\ JUH‘I‘} - - - - - ~ - (‘irciiliilioii Manager
IHHIU'I'IH' IM-(‘Il‘t‘ti - - » v - - It‘xchango Editor
I'A'l‘ltH‘lA IlAlHiI‘Ht‘II ' - - - .\di't~rtl~|nu Editor
IIII‘JNI‘) Ititl’lllNSlt) A v - - - l"ciiturc Iﬁtllior
III'INIIV IUIH'IJ‘ZWHKI ~ - - — - — - .‘\NE1H‘II|II' Editor
I‘JH'I‘III‘III MA‘ A1115 - — ~~ - - - ~ Anaociiitc I‘ldlior
IIAIIIIAIIA l'l’3.\(‘l‘l - v - - ~ - - .hmociato Editor
ELIZAIH‘I'I'II I'I..\'l"l‘ - r - — - - Annocliitc Editor

 

 

VOL. XXXVI

All coiiiiniiniciitions should he itddl'han‘cd to IIIi' editor and
must “0 signed. Natal-ii will be withheld upon rcqumit.
'l‘iic S'l‘A'i'i-l f‘tiI.I.I-ltlIC NI'IWH lltlHllillt'tl no responsibility
for tiliItllliiiit t-xlll‘l‘iirltill In its columns or coiniiiiiiiicatioiia
u“ sin-h mprt-naloiis do not necessarily reflect his view.

@2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 7. 1952

 

0m; Mae/4 0W

 

Last Tuesday night's AD devotees
saw one of the most interesting
bills produced this year. The cur-
tain rose on versatile director-actor
Richard Gutta's psychological dra-
ma. Here, technical effects such as
good lighting, varied stage move-
ment. and interesting stage pictures
combined to provide an effective
mood for the play. Elaine Stryker,
in the role of the soul, gave a good
but spotty performance. Her voice
did not always match the strength
of her character and movement, but
with more experience she should be
one of our more promising actresses.
Ann Caparis, on the other hand,
gave a technically sound perform-
ance but at times lacked the spon-
taneity essential to good acting. Her
movement, therefore, at times ap-
peared memorized and unmotivat-
ed. Jack Smithler bogged down the
play; lack of volume and uncertain-
ty of lines were the reasons. An Os-
car, however, goes to Dick Gutta for
his splendid portrayal of the neu-
rotic murderer. Excellent contrast,
skillful use of color in costumes.
and an understanding interpreta-
tion of the script made this play one
of the finest seen on the Page Hall
stage this year.

Dick Scott's farce which followed
opened on an especially good box

set rating immediate applause from
the audience. However, for a farce
the pace was far too slow at times
and there were moments when the
play was actually static. This was
the result of a lack of stage busi-
ness and good movement, faults of
the director. The actors were at
fault in not holding laugh lines
and in picking up cues so slowly.
Roz Lacks’ ability to make even the
most awkward pose, graceful and
her ever-varied inflectional pat-
terns wringing the most out of any
role acclaim her the best of our
thespians. Sue Danzis, well-versed
in the art of pantomime, provided
just the right mate for the master-
fully underplayed performance giv-
en by her husband, Harry Warr.
Nonchalant newcomer Ted Peene,
and comedy natural Diane Wheeler,
plus Frank Hodge‘s unique exit built
tip the comic atmosphere. It must
be remembered that a plot of this
nature is difficult to direct since it
calls for a multitude of people and
well-timed pacing of sophisticated
dialogue. —— techniques which are
hard to master even for the hands
of a professional director. The gen-
eral tenor of the play and actors
was light enough to capture the
farce mood and complete an even-
ing of good entertainment.

 

24% We Rwy?

.__——-———-

The inadequacies of State College
that are evident now have been
termed by some as “growing pains."
This is starting with an optimistic
premise. Whether the present “pains”
and inadequacies will result in
growth remains to be seen. Around
us we see inadequacies evident to
all. The cafeteria situation is ab-
ominable, the Commons is a little
more than a pig sty with benches,
the rest rooms (where you can find
onei are in a terrible state, and last
but not least. even the clocks do not
function correctly (some say “if they
were right, they would be herei

These are the physical pains. or
“inadequacies of the plant' as edu-
cators“ lingo would have it. Less tan-
gible evidences are revealed upon
examining the curriculum. The stan-
dards of the college are being ques-
tioned and the so-called “old tradi-
tions of education" are being test—
ed.

Student government is ciaiined by
some to be in a state of lethargy.
The organizations and the “State
College spirit" seem to lack the old
push which was the result of
small compactly organized student
body.

2

The time has come for all of us
to evaluate. The administration, the
faculty and the student. body must
rise to the situation it" these pains
are to result in growth. Apparently,
few people attacked the inadequacies
of ihe college before these dill‘iciil-
ties arose and when these things
go by unnoticed Willi just. a rising
fad of complaints from time to time.
The fact, that the bodies concerned
fiiilcd to do their duties before
doubles the difficulty iiow. ll‘ii'stly
they are out. of practice mid not
quite sure how to attack. Secondly,
the inudcquacics that could have
bccii remedied before. but were not,
only yiiwii larger before us and make
it more difficult for us to get to the
present difficulties. The growth can-
not be bale on a shaky foundation.

For years the college plant has
operated with iiiconvciiicnccs. Stu—
dciits bccainc iicciistoiiicd to thc
lack of paper ton/cis and other minor
things. lliii. now tolerance of the hick
of vcnliiation in the men's room in
lower Draper becomes exceedingly
difficult due to tiic increase of hu—
illllll bodies and their natural func-
tions. It would seem the cart is bc-

By BILL DUMBLETON

 

fore the horse in this situation. Ap-
parently the state has to be forced
to increase its allocations to State
College. We are merely the means
to this end.

For years students have been made
aware of the rift between the edu-
cation department and the liberal
arts faction of the faculty. The fa-
culty could not settle their differ—
ences among themselves and occa-
sionally turned to the student body
for a battlefield.

Now this battle is becoming in-
creasingly noticeable and some pro-
fessors have made some seemingly
depreciating remarks about depart-
ments existing in the college. For
the most part, students have been
unaware of the basic questions in-
volved but were turned to for some
solace. The edu'ation department
now seems to be doing most of the
attacking. It would seem that they
should do a little "measuring and
testing" 01' their own department.
When a course such as Extra—Class—
Activities lwhich requires its student
to answer such important questions
as identifying “Down Yonder" and
"ping" on the final exami is al-
lowed to masquerade as a college
course, restricted to Juniors and
Seniors at that. it. would seem that,
the education department should
scrutinize its own goals bct'orc beg-
ging for more recognition in its
own department.

Student (iovcrinncni has well be-
comc larger in quantity and promises
to become more so next. year. The
assembly itself cannot accomodatc
all the student body for the proper
functioning of the town-meeting
form of government. Myskaiiia,
whose original purpose was to "uni-
i'y the student body" and "act as
an advisory board to student coun-
cil" sccins to bc languishing in its
own glory as it has in the past.
'i‘hcir leadership Ill coping with the
problems and assiiiiiiaiing the group
of liftli year students lwlio are here
by i‘cqiiirciiiciii, not choicci into the
hilltlt'lll body is sadly lacking. Pcr-
hiips their own abolishincnt. should
be a result of State (,,‘ollcgc growth.

Wl' are all in the di'ivcr's scat
now and cannot be overcome by the
lethargy which is now so prevalent.
If Wc are not up to handling the
pi'obiciiis of growth. pci'iiiips We
should forch about progress and re-
vcrt lo “the good old days."

 

l Gammon-Stake

._By SHAFER and KELLER

IT'S IIIGII TIME! . . .

Something has ﬁnally been done about marks!
There will be detachable stubs on all class cards
which you will get two weeks earlier than marks have
previously been coming out. This will go into effect
next semester—so don‘t hold your breath till you get
this semester’s marks.

'I‘HIEVES! . . .

We don’t know who you are, but most of the com-
plaints have come from the girls’ locker room. Money
and clothing have disappeared and the lowest of the
low—lunches. The guilty person has had enough cour-
tesy. however. to leave the empty paper bags. It seems
the guilty person or persons aren't content to live
off the state anymore, now they want to live off their
fellow students. We wish we knew who the guilty
person is, so we could publish her name in this
column.

STATELY PARADISE? . . .

You‘ll never believe it! Starting next year the lan-
guage requirement will be lowered. either Freshman
Science or Freshman Math will be required. not both,
a new Philosophy or Psychology course will be of-
fered. and . . . credit will be given for gym! An A in
this may put you on Dean's list. We‘ve heard that
550 frosh are desired next year; is this the reason for
lowering our standards? It sounds as if the Class of
'56 will have an easy time of it, but will their stand-
ards still be low on graduating four years later?

LOI'I‘ER MUCH LATELY? . . .

Complaints have been made that people who want
to eat at noon can't because there is so much con-
gestion in the cafeteria annex. But after all. where
are we gonna go? The Commons is stuffy and dirty
in spite of its new “receptables.” and Casda is often
in the Richardson Lounge. We think the loss of the
old Commons has taken away much of our collegiate
life. Oh well, there's always the library.

EUROPEAN AIDES WERE HERE . . .

Among them. Miss Alno Niskanen from Finland.
She is employed by the United States State Depart-
ment, and was a guest on our campus. She was vis-
iting our dorms to view American college life.

NEW PAL’I‘Z GAME . . .

is tomorrow night, and is the long awaited beneﬁt
game. There will be both a J.V. and a Varsity game,
and admission will be a quarter. Now that it's ﬁnally
here, let's get behind it.

TIDBITS . . .

We aren't saying anything about the football in-
vestigation until facts are presented. but we do hope
everyone will view the situation with an open mind.

 

 

Don't miss the terriﬁc escape mechanism over
WOKO Thursday evenings from 7 to 7:30 pm. Fresh-
man Art Lennig presents an intellecutal program by
presenting “Great Voices of the Past."

The Sophomore presentation. “Runaway Land," last
week was certainly a wonderful argument for retain-
ing Big 4's. The freshmen will have to work hard to
beat it.

Congratulations to Joan Bennett, on making Mys-
kania; it did us good to hear her name called out in
last week's assembly. This is a deserved honor and
proves that. people are capable of voting wisely if
they just give it some thought.

We are glad to see something constructive being
done in the way of sorority initiations . “help
week." The Greek women should be congratulated for
starting what may be a wonderful tradition. We think
the most help has been given to the lucky guys who
received those torrid love letters.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .
Why has celery replaced chickcn in our Cafeteria
society?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MAllt‘il 7
ti pin-Midnight Chi Sigma Theta Open House.
Psi (lamina Open Home
SATURDAY. lilAlu‘iI 8
1:15-1:30 |).lll ‘Slatc College Oil The Air" Hia-
lioii WROW.

7:30 pm. Basketball game with New Palta,
dance in the Student Union after

the game.
it p.iii.«Mi(|iiigiit IVCI“ party in Student. Union.
Sl‘NliAt’. MAIH‘II 9
72:10 pm. llillci l‘urini party.

'l'lllCSllAY. MAIH'II II

791:") pm. Lecture by Dr. 'l‘iti'ncr iii lirapcr
Auditorium.

WICIiNI'JSIiAi’. MMH‘II 1:5

Noon SUA chiipcl at tiic Park United

Presbyterian Church

'i‘lll'lth‘liiH’. lit/\ltf‘ll 13
730 pm. SCA meeting in lhc Student Union.

7:30 pm. Ncwmaii (liub pi'oiiriiin lll Newman
Hall.
7:30 pm.

Signiiiii haudis New

ili'apci' Lounge.

mcctiiig iii

 

 

By DON BURNS

 

Everybody likes to trace their fam-
ily tree once in awhile. and today
I would like to take all my readers,
(both of you). on a trip through the
sports pages of yesteryear at State
College.

We might as well begin with the
grandaddy of them all . . . 35 years
ago. On March 14, 1917, we find the
manager of the basketball team
turned in an impressive report on
the previous year’s hoop season. Ilis
notes included Coach Fund dances.
subscriptions to a Coach‘s fund and
arrangements for games with R.P.l..
St. John's, Clarkson. Colgate. Nia—
gara. St. Lawrence, Springfield,
Pratt, Hobart, Union. and Stevens.
It must have been nice in those days,
these boys made a profit of $38.23
for the vear.

In the February 27. 1922 issue, we
find the Feds of 30 years ago pre—
paring to close their season with
a game at Albany High, the foe be-
ing Newark Normal School. They
defeated St. John‘s the previous
week end.

(Just. a. quarter of a. century ago.)
we find that men will be admitted.
for the first time. to the annual
basketball game between the faculty
women and the girl’s varsity. The
game was played on March 12. 1927;
included in the faculty lineup for
the game were our own Dean Ellen
Stokes and Miss Johnston of the
Phys. Ed. Department. I peeked
ahead, and found that the Varsity
girls won. An interesting note here
is that the College Varsity won 17
out of 18 this year. Thais good hoop
anytime!

A mere twenty years ago, when
most of us were just learning how
to walk. talk, and take care of our-
selves, 1932 to be exact, the basket-
ball team scored seven wins in nine
starts and the baseball team was
laying plans for its opener at Once-
ta. This info is garnered from the
March 11. 1932 sports page.

Back in the middle thirties, let's
say March 12. 1937, we find the
Varsity Basketeers in the midst of
a five game win streak and the
Frosh Cagers playing Milne High
in a regularly scheduled contest.
The College was in a rage over the
all-College Foul Shooting contest on
March 15 . . . everybody got 25 char-
ity tosses. Sounds like fun.

A mere decade. ago in the midst
of world conflict. we find the Var-
sity cagers concluding their season
against the Alumni on the annual
MAA Alumni Day program. The
varsity was up for this battle . . .
it seems the Alums snuck off with
a victory the. previous year. After
this year. Sports at the (‘ollege went
on it diminishing basis. there was
a war to be won!

Now we come to an issue that is
exactly five years old to the day.
it‘s the March 7, 1947 issue. I won-
der how many of the Grads remem-
ber tiic "O‘bie", George, Schick. Kir—
by, and Evans quiiit. This page is
highlighted by a woman sports wrii-
cr who is peeved with the idea of
putting Varsity baseball on an ill—
formal basisi ’I‘liis lass knew it was
time to expand varsity sports. A
good tip for the i'cmmes here today!

And just one little year ago, we
find a glaring iicadlinc on the sports
page informing us tiiat “()nv'onta
'l‘ops State“. This was more a journ-
alltic nostalgia on the part of my
departed predecessor than a true
scoop. Here we find the .IV bat-slici-
ball team moving along smoothly
under the tutoring of Bill linglehart
anti .Ioe (iarcia. Garcia's wrcsticr‘s
were to open their home season that
weekend too. Many names appear
here that we can find on this very
siiiiic pagc—all maltiiig headway for
State in the field of Intercollegiate
Sports.

ll has been Illll browsing through
the years gone by. l hopc you have
cnjoycd it as much as l Ilith‘.

This little review is Very indicative
ol the role that Athletics iiiivc play—
cd in Iiiis (‘ollcgc in [he iiisl lhti'ly
lo forty years. They have iiud their
lips and down and have always
iiiiisicrcd l'll(llli.',li favor to bounce
back In a .nlylc ihiit collccts ino-
iiiciiliiiii and tiiriici's prestige.
'l‘hi‘ough a depression or lwo, a war
or two, the sports field has held
its own and grown quite ii bit. All
liii'ough tiic cooperation of bliitlt‘lil.
hotlics dating back lo the llll'li ol'
the century — let‘s keep that In
mind when we are approached with
plans for athletic expansion.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

.44 I See It KB Men Topple KDR;

Lamdians Down Thurlow

Angels Beat Redskins
By Twenty Margin

This coming Monday a crucial
test for Potter is in the making as
they play the high-ﬂying Angels.
The Angels. by virtue of two im-
pressive wins this week. have now
climbed into a three way tie for
third place with KDR. and the
Trotters. both of whom lost a game
this week.

The KDR loss to KB was probab-
ly the most surprising upset of the
season. The game was also one of
the ﬁnest in little Davey Wander's
career, as he led his mates to vic-
tory with an excellent demonstra-
tion of shooting and dribbling. This
dribbling was exceedingly import-
ant too. as the Beta men but on a
beautiful freeze for the final min-
ute and one half. to win 35-34. All
was not sadness at 295, however.
for last Saturday Flash Fox hooped
35 points. two short of the season's
high. against the Vagabonds. The
loss though, drops KDR one full
game behind Potter in their bat-
tle for ﬁrst place. The other games
played Monday nite saw the Angels
trounce a very weak Ocelot squad.
66-29. and the Vagabonds forfeit to
Potter Club.

On Wednesday the Angels came
right back again and although fac-
ing tougher competition in the Red-
skins. won by over twenty points.
The score was 67-45. and high man
for the victors was Zowine with 17
points. For the losers, Joe Persico
meshed i4, and Ed Bonahue added
13 more.

The second game of the night
saw SLS beat Thurlow in one of
the roughest scrimmages of the
season. This in part accounts for
the low score of 30—21, and the fact
that Button. the Thurlow ace. was
held to one point. Only four men
broke into the scoring column for
SLS and two of them divided hon-

State Grapplers
Engage Darrow

At Prep School

Under the capable coaching of
Joe Garcia. the State wrestling
club, will again match muscle with
the matmcn from Darrow Prep, in
a. meeting Saturday afternoon at
Darrow.

in ii previous encounter with Dar-
row. the statesmen were pinned.
25-11, and Garcia stated that he
was giving special attention to this
match in order to view the team's
progress.

liai'row Lineup Set
As set. tciiiiitchly, by (liircin,
the lineup for Saturday will be:

H’l‘A'l‘llI DARRUW
Bliss Windsor
Woitc Hayden
Lewis or llclm lliiiir
Ncgiis Milliolhiiitl
l"ucrbiicii or llcrby Welling
llcckci' Milici'
King Sargent
I"l|ill‘)' ltciniiigtoii

'l‘hc Darrow match will be the
second contest lor the Slate grouti-
ers. and (ini'ciii expressed hope for
many future matches with college
and top high school teams.

\’ii.ii lloi'iiscvlllc 'I‘ops

Among tiic bent iii the hiin school
circuit is the club from Van Horn-
scvillc, iigiiiiihl wiioin (ilil'l'lii had
planned to pit his own this Satur-
day. liiic to complications, this
match was postponed until a fur—
llicr date, This match Will prob—
ably bc tiic highlight of the season.

Garcia was full of expectations
from his inch and sccmcd confident
of good results for the year.

 

ors for high scoring with 10 points
apiece.

The ﬁnal game of the week fea-
tured a scoring battle between Jim
Warden of the Beavers and John
McCormick of the Trotters. These
men tied at 13 each, but the Beav-
ers came out on the long end of a
45-40 score. A good looking pros-
pect for the varsity was noted in
McCormick, a transfer from St.
Michael's, where he managed the
basketball team.

Records Show
Coach's Spirit
For Competition

Glancing over past records, we
ﬁnd that Coach Hathaway's teams
have not always had a perfect win-
ning record. but a constant pattern
of improvement is evident. Coming
here just after the War with a
scarcity of men at State. Coach
Hathaway has been able to bring
the squad up to a ﬁghting and
winning outﬁt that it is now. Not
only that. things look twice as
bright for the coming season, since
only one man, Bob Brown will be
lost to the “Feds” next year.

Coach Hathaway received his BS
from Cortland and his MS in Ad-
ministration from Albany State.
For the past ﬁve summers, he has
been working toward his Doctorate
in Physical Education at New York
University with only his thesis ne-
cesary to complete his goal. He
taught at Whitney Point Central
School and Milne High before com-
ing to State.

While in college, Coach played
basketball, track. baseball. and
football, the latter being his favor-
ite. One of his many collegiate laur-
els is holding the record for the
longest drop kick in football in New
York State.

Brown to Play Last Game

Tomorrow night, the Captain of
the basketball team. Bob Brown.
will be playing his last game for
the Purple and Gold. Bob, a math
major, came to State from Pulaski.
New York. where he played football.
basketball, and baseball. Making
his debut with the Varsity in his
freshman year. "Brownie" has won
admiration for his sterling play. A
bulwark on defense, he is also well
appreciated by his teammates for
his setting Lip scoring opportunities
for them.

P/iaer/rua‘ p/ii/o.rop/i/reil:

"Colic" Is a registered trade—mark.

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 7. 1952

 

PAGE 3

Women To Sponsor Sporisdoy
With Russell Sage, Skidmore

Tomorrow the Stateswomen will
sponsor another intercollegiate bas-
ketball sportsday with Russell Sage
and Skidmore as visiting teams.
Games are scheduled for 1 pm.
when Skidmore will play Sage. at 2
pm. when State will play Skidmore
and at 3 pm. When State will play
Sage.

The State team will consist of
Marilyn Wittchen '55, Buzzie Burke
’54, Per,r Smith '53, and Mary Pugs-
ley ‘54 guards; and Gert Smith '54,
Marge Liddell '55. Phebe Fuller '52.
Donna Hughes '55. and Zoe Laurie
'55 forwards. Phebe Fuller is gen-
eral chairman; Aliki Apostolides ‘53,
hostess chairman; Marge Farwell
'52. programs and Betty Coykendall
'53 referees.

Last sportsday, State defeated
Oneonta State and dropped to
Green Mountain Junior College.
MAA. WAA Sponsor Tournament

A mixed doubles ping pong tour-
nament is being sponsored by MAA
and WAA. Sign-up sheets are on
the WAA bulletin board. Play will
begin as soon as enough sign up.
KD, Pierce Win

Last Thursday at Rice's ‘Aileys
Pierce upset the Counselors. raising
their league standing from 7th to
4th place in the IM Bowling League.

Kappa Delta, led by the 156 and
146 of Ruth Richter and Tommie
Thompson, downed Brubacher E

Sinkeldam Sets
Bowling Mark

In a match against Albany Phar—
macy on February 21. State's Var-
sity Bowlers were downed in 2 out
of 3 games. The highlight of the
match was Bob Sinkcldam's bril-
liant 278 game which won the sec-
ond game for State.

Bob Sinkeldam's game is undoub-
tedly the highest game of the In-
tercollegiate Bowling League and
at present the highest game rolled
on the Midway Alleys this year.
Starting off with 2 spares, Bob Sin-
keldam followed this up with 10
strikes in a row.

The Intercollegiate Bowling
League is made up of 4 teams; ABC
Albany Pharmacy. State Varsity,
and State Grads. It is a handicap
league in which the Team with the
highest average has to give to the
team with the lower average a
handicap of seventy-five per cent of
the difference in their averages.
This is responsible for many of
State‘s losses.

Members of the Varsity Bowling
Team are Bob Sinkeidoni. Carmen
Coral, Red McCormack, John Zid-
ik, and Walt Rehder.

You will soon break the bow

if you keep it always

 
 
 
 
     

L.“.:£‘?l

two otit of two, tightening their ﬁrst
place grasp. Marge Liddell led the
Brubacher E ﬁve with a single of
139. Chi Sig rolled over Newman
in two by 64 and 119 pins. Aswad
led the Greeks with 138 and O’Leary
topped the Newmanites with 136.
Psi Gamma took two from A E Phi.
Standings Released

Present standings in the Wom-
en's IM Bowling League are as fol-
lows:

 

Team W L Pet.
1. Kappa Delta ...... .. 14 2 .875
2. Chi Sigma Theta .. 13 3 .8125
3. Gamma Kappa Phi 14 4 .777
4. Pierce ...................... .. 10 6 .625
5. Phi Delta 10 8 .555
6. Counselors . 10 8 .555
7. Commuters  8 8 .500
8. Brubacher . 6 8 .429
9. Brubacher E .  7 11 .388
10. Psi Gamma .......... .. 5 13 .277
11. Newman ................ .. 4 12 .250

12. Alpha Epsilon Phi 1 18 .055
League Ends in Three Weeks

With three weeks and six games
remaining in the league play. any
one of the top four or ﬁve teams
may cop the trophy. Last night,
Pierce played ﬁrst place Kappa Del-
ta and the outcome may drastically
change the prospects for the top
teams especially if Chi Sigma Theta
and Gamma Kap win. If the league
is tied, play-offs for the league tro-
phy will be held.

Grads Top 
Commuters Win

Tuesday’s action at the Rice al-
leys saw more changes in the white
hot race for the title of the down-
stairs division of the Intramural
Bowling League. The Rousers mov«
ed into ﬁrst place with a 31-13
record as they took a forfeit over
the Finks. The Commuters, by vir-
tue of their 4-0 trouncing of the
K'Bobbles, moved into a tie for sec-
ond place with the idle Misﬁts. Dick
Kirch, 468, Ken Everard. 440. and
Charlie Lusk, 400, paced the Com-
muters as they combined to over-
come the efforts of Bob Reigle, 453,
and Doug. Neilson. 401. F0 4-1 took
a forfeit over the Splits in the oth-
er division contest.

Led by their big three of Jim Ju-
isto, 514. Dave Wethcrby, 476, and
Al tKllICl'l Kaehn. 438, supplement-
ed by Jim Warden. 470, the Potter
Club Grads raised their percentage
to 37 won and 7 lost as they de-
feated a determined SLS quintet.
The SLS team put up a good strug-
gle as the entire squad bowled bet-
ter than 400 triples. In the other
division games Potter forfeited to
KDR and KB forfeited to the
Beavers.

stretched

['II [1ch

Recipe for relaxation—take the
contents of one frosty bottle of

Coca-Cola. Delicious, too.

BOTTLED UNDER AUliiOltilV Oi' llil; COCA-COLA COMPANY 81

ALBANY COCA-COLA M'I‘TLING 00.

© 195’), "if COCA~COLA COMPANY

 

