 

 

 

 

 

PAGE I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. F

RIDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 1952

 

Gama-51d»

By SHAFER and KELLER.

 

744 WM 304

 

FACULTY SHOW! . . .

Wasn't it tremendous? It was one of our most mem-
orable evenings at State. While recollectlng their
enjoyable antics, however, let's not forget that it
wasn't just to amuse us that they worked so hard,
,but to help ﬁnance a foreign student. The show was
well-written and well-directed, and the M.C.lng was
done wonderfully. The people on stage were highly
entertaining, but let’s not overlook the people behind
the scenes—such as Dr. Rich who pulled the cur-
tain with such precision. Orchids and more orchids
to Frank Hodge who raised three times as much
money as has ever been raised before.

01!, YES . . .

We forgot to mention that there was a gray cor-
duroy jacket “lost” by a member of the faculty cast.
Someone evidently “picked it up" from the stage
Saturday night. After they had dedicated the show
to the students, it’s too bad someone in our ranks
had to take away the rosy glow. This sort of thing
happens quite a bit around here . . . Oh. the moral
integrity of the future Teachers of America!

ONLY A LITTLE BIT DIRTY . . .

Our Student Union, we mean. Okay, so we've co-
operated and picked up our little dishes and butted
our little cigarettes in the right places, now what?
But just try rubbing your finger on any window sill
or game room table—that ain't gold dust. Kids.
There are plenty of students in this college who
would gladly take a job in the Student Union, if more
janitorial service is what we need. How quickly a
shiny new building can turn into.a.haunted house
with cobwebs in the corners (Just look for ’em in
the Snack Bar—they're really there.)

LOTS OF FUN . . .

Today in assembly Myskanla will try to explain the
preferential system. And as long as we're on the
subject, have you taken a good look at the candidates
for the Myskania replacement? Take full account of
what the people have done this year, and not just
past iaurels.

ETIQUETTE . . .

to the interviewees who might be your future class-
mates is a responsibility of every student. There are
lots of them around now, so instead of just staring
at them as if they were in a zoo, let's remember that
State is a "friendly college."Just a friendly hello may
be enough to convince these kids of that fact.

DON’T FORGET BRO’I‘HERHOOD WEEK . . .

Let's not limit this to race and religion; we need
a lot of it among our little cliques and fraternity and
sorority groups. Isn't it about time we stopped refer-
ring to the "athletic group" and the “arty crew,
etc? And isn't it about time such phrases as “Oh.
him? He belongs to . . . " were canned?When it gets
to the point where individuals from one group feel
uncomfortable because another group is present it's
just a little bit childish.

YOU’LL ENJOY YOURSELF . . .

At the performance of the University Players this
afternoon and tonight. They were good last year and
the repeat performance ought to be even better .

At the game with Oneonta tonight, through the
efforts of Ruth Dunn and Margie Ruck, a bus will be
chartered to at last secure a following for our teatn.
A lot of effort has been put into this, so let‘s sup-
port the Feds.

A POINT TO REMEMBER . . .

There is now a committee started by the freshman
class and approved by Student Council to increase
interest in State's sports. Bob Conn has done a lot of
work on this and has been officially delegated by
Student Council to make plans for such events as
pep rallys and bonfires. We've been pretty low on
spirit lately and something like this may be just
what we need. It's good to see such an enthusiastic
freshman class.

TIIE QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .
Do you know where your seat is in assembly?

 

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

1916
1918

ESTABLISHED MAY
BY THE CLASS OF

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 22, 1952 No. 1
Member Distributor
Axuoclutod (‘ollogltilc l'rcss t‘olluglmi- [Hut-Hf
’l‘lic tindcrgriidnuic Ili‘WHlilllH'l’ ol' the Now York State Col-
lege for 'l‘t-ticlicrs‘. published every Friday of the College
your hy the NEWS lionrd for the Student Association.
Muniin of tho NEWS staff only ho rout-lth 'l‘nt-uihiy und
itIid \\'cdnusdiiy from 7 to H p. III. at ﬂliii‘lli Ext. ll.
Phonon: Smith, 'Jiili'Jli: Eudo, ti'.‘ ltiH-i; llurnn. tl‘JlHlH.
GRACE HMI'I‘II - - - - - - - - - - Editor-In-(llilof
VICTORIA EADE v - - - ~ - - ‘ Managing Editor
NIHthE (‘AROILL - - - - - l'uhllo ltclutioou Editor
DONALD IIUIINS - - - - - - - ~ - Hportu Editor
lHHiElt'l‘.lAf‘OIIY - — - - v - — linulnmoi Munugt-r
BARBARA JOYCE - - - - - - - (‘irculutlon Hummer
DOROTHY lit-(‘ICL‘D - - - - - - - Exchange Editor
PATRICIA DAINII‘HIIII - - — - - Advertising Editor

 

in

VOL. XXXVI

IRE N E lilt Ell N HR Y ~ ~ - - - - ‘ Ft-uturo Edltor
HENRY KOHZEWSKI - — - - - - - Autos-lulu Editor
ESTHER MAYAIIIH - - - - - ~ - Aimooiuto Editor

Aunocloio Editor

IIAIIIIAIIA I'EAIVE - - - - - - - -
AHHIII‘IMIO Editor

ELIZABETH l'lu\’l"l‘— - - - - - -

All cointouniciitlotia should lit' addressed to tho otllior titid
must ho night-d. Nomi-ii will he withhold upon roquuui.
'l‘lio H'l‘A'I'Itl l'lil.l.l‘l(il'l NEWS lliiiillllli‘it no responsibility
for opinions exproneod iti its columns or communchionii
It! i'llIi‘Il expressions do not necessarily reflect. its VII‘W.

0“

Throughout the state, the teach-
ers’ battle-cry of “underpaid-over-
worked” has been re-echoed, restat-
ed and repeated. One of the aims of
education is to encourage and inter-
est more of the better high school
students in becoming school teach-
ers. However, this aim has been
thwarted by the fifth year. Just re-
cently, this law was “dug out” and
pressed into effect, requiring all
School teachers to have a Master's
Degree or the equivalent of thirty
hours of graduate work. Is this nec-
essary?

The primary purpose of this law is
to give future teachers additional
instruction in the theories of edu-
cation. The flfth year is intended
to allow the student to learn more
about educational practices before
he starts to teach. Wouldn‘t it be
better to give the graduate a year's
practice teaching in a classroom,
which doesn’t have the artificial at-
tnosphere of Milne. Theory serves a
purpose but practice allows one to
see personal limitations and fail-
ings. After a year of actual teach-
ing, the teacher would be able to
take additional courses during the
summer which would better
improve him as a teacher. These
courses would be more wisely select-
ed and perhaps the caliber of teach-
ers would be improved in this man-
ner.

Teachers have complained loud
and bitterly that theirs is the ne-
glected profession but some un-
daunted high school graduates ig-
nore these complaints and eye,
hopefully, a pedagogical career. The

By PHYL PENNY

 

picture looks rosy: state supported
schools, at which one doesn't have
to pay tuition and a job with a two
month long vacation. Then the
prospective teacher reads further on
m the brochure. There it is—“a
fifth year is required for all teach-
er college graduates before they can
be certified to teach. The high
school graduate then asks himself
(justifiably so, too) if it is worth
his while to go to college for five
years in order to join the ranks of
the “underpaid and overworked.”
It's easier and less expensive for
the graduate to go into the field of
engineering, business administra-
tion or what have you when after
four years he will be able to secure
a decently paid job.

Also, the college graduate who is
intent upon teaching and does not
want to take his fifth year will go
out of the state for placement. State
funds used on students who eventu-
ally teach in other states is a loss,
at least, in money, not to speak of
the loss of capable persons to teach
the state's children.

It should also be mentioned that
this loss of good teachers does not
occur only from college to other
states but sotne potential teachers
do not even reach the stage of con-
sidering teaching. They are swayed
right out of high school into other
professions. This would seem to
leave in the field only those few
“dedicated” teachers, and the some
who are incapable of obtaining bet-
ter jobs. Certainly this is not the
ideal situation and could stand fur-
ther reviewing by those in a posi-
tion to make suitable changes.

 

@ne Mac/4 Quinton

 

Last Tuesday night the first set
of Advanced Dramatlcs plays for
the second semester was presented
in Page Hall.

The first play was a psychological
drama directed by Don Collins. Les
Leviness, as the psychiatrist, spoke
his lines beautifully, bttt it was dis-
appointing that iii striving for their
poetic beauty he did not always

 

7m’ 7a 740 7%
By JEAN RASEY

 

"The Velvet Glove“ will begin a
two week run at the Playhouse
Tuesday. February 26th. Ian Keith.
film and Broadway star, will fill the
role, with Malcolm Attcrbttry, El-
len Hardics and Michael Meyer in
the cast. The story revolves around
a girls' school and the attempts of
the principal to offset the campaign
of a wealthy woman to remove one
of the handsome young professors.
Evening shows begin at 8:30 and
student rates are $1.20, except for
Saturday, when regular rates pre-
rail.

The Albany High (li‘illlllillCS dc-
ptii'tmcnt, under the direction of
Virs. Brothers, will present “The
Glass Menagerie" February 29 at
2:30 p. tn. and March 1 at 8 p. m. in
the Albany High auditorium.

The Albany Chamber of Music is
presenting an afternoon of recorded
music iii the Albany Institute of
History and Art Sunday, March 2,
at (i p. ill. The instrumental music
yvili be selected from the works of
such notable composers its Schum-
man, DcBussy, Mozart and Chopin.

Art Mount-y, the (lethal Irishman,
and his orchcstru will be ut the Cir-
cle Inn tit the I.tithtnn 'i‘rul'fit: Cir-
clt- this Sundtiy night. tor the Bob
Snyder show. If you lll‘t‘ unable to
actually tittcnd tdunciiig begins at
7:30 p.m.i, be surt- to tune in for
the broadcast tit lltiii) p. m. ovci'
WI’TR.

The Strand is showing “ltcli'ciit.
I'Iclll”. Wui'nci‘ lli'othcrs' colorful
title of the Mui'iiic Corps. The title
is tukcn from u quolt- attributed to
General 0. P. Smith, First Marine
Division, Koren: “Reti'ctit, helll
We're just attacking in another di-
rection." The picture stars Frank
Low-joy. Richard Carlson and Aiiltu
Iioulsc.

“Subtmirlnc Command" with Wil—
llum lIoldt-n. Nancy Olson itiid Wil-
ilillll lit-nde in the lcudinu roles is
playing at the Ritz. It is the story
of the U. S. snbmnrlno ’I‘igcr Sliurk
in action off Koren.

make their meaning clear. However.
Leviness had a wonderfully human
quality which he sustained to the
end of the play.

Kyle did a creditable job, his
sharpness contrasting well with Le-
viness' calmness. Had his gestures
coincided more sensibly with his
lines, he would have been excellent,
but his slow hand movements and
awkward pacing detracted from his
sense of nervousness.

Elaine Stryker, as Kyle‘s wife,
shows promise, but she was not.
suited for this part. She seemed too
young and lacked some of the ncc-
cssary bitterness. Celia, played by
Caroline Williams, was the best
piece of acting in the play. Slie sitc-
ceeded in putting her thoughts and
emotions across to the itudicncc
without losing any 01' the beauty of
the lines. Marietta Wilcs' hull pus-
sivc. half bustling interpretation and
inconsistent accent did little to llll-
press the importance of her role up-
on the audience.

Ross Newman, as Alex. did it fair-
ly good supporting role. and Doris
Hagen in the bit part of the nurse
makes a very nice appearance on
stage. All iii all. Collins should be
tidinlrcd for taking on such a diffi-
cult pliiy, btit he just didn't. do
enough with cilhcr line or moyc—
mcnt to make it really conuncnd—
able pi'cscntution.

’I‘hc sccond play, it i'itrcc dii'cctcd
by Louis Vion, was it highly amus-
ing- punot'umu of wcll (loiic hit ports.
The load. Ross Fctlcrico, was only
mcdiocrc cxr-cpt in u few placcs
where his aptitude for comedy t‘illllt'
through.

This play was an excellent exam-
ple of the fact that simill ])lli‘l.\ can
bc tremendously wcll done. Crcdil.
for this is due to both the director
anti his cast. Ruth l)unn. its thc old
woman, was on absolute gem, and
stoic two scenes from Federico utid
Miidclinc Knocxcr. who did It fairly
good job as tlic wil'c. Dick Hcoit. us
the bombastic I"l‘t’ll('lllllllll, caught
the liuitior of thc ploy morc truly
than tiny other churttcicr; his up-
pcartincc wits tht- first. tinic thut
thc mood of tlic furcc was clcni'ly
sct.

liob l)ounclly, us ilic British lllll—
busstidor. was 0110 of tlic funniest.
things cvcr sccu on our sluttc. und
was uplly supported by .luck Ju-
cobus its the Turkish ambassador.
Roy. lint-ks suslulncd thc humorous
mood lil hcr brlcl, bttt wi-ll donc
sccnc. uiitl lioh Ilughcs. us lll'l‘
truditlonully villainous husband. had
the audit-lice in the palm of his
hand.

Responsibility . . .

As the News has previously stated, the college
has started a campaign for the student donation
of blood, which is so direly needed in Korea. The
idea was developed when the western universities
challenged the colleges of the country to see which
campus could achieve the highest percentage of
donors.

Other colleges have had the privilege of having
a bloodmohile unit on their campus. They also
have received complete co-opertition from the Red
Cross units. It seems that the campaign at this
college is squelched since the local Red Cross unit
can only use Bender Laboratory every Tuesday
morning and therefore could not accommodate otir
needs.

Since the local chapter does not have a blood-
mohile unit, we requested one field titty [)t’l' wcck
in which approximately one hundred students
could donate blood.

The administration is completely in favor of
this campaign. it has offered the school station
wagon service to drive students to and frotn tlic
Bender Laboratory every Tuesday. We have guar—
tinteed the local Red Cross unit that we will ful-
fill their quota for each Tuesday that we rcqucsl
the reservation for the college. it seems that its
policy is to take ten individuals frotn the diffcr-
ent organizations in this society to insure them-
selves of fulfilling its quota rather titan taking
one hundred individuals frotn one organization or
institution. We respect their attempt to insure
themselves of getting the blood. Howcvcr. when Wt'
have guaranteed the Red Cross that wc will mccl
our quota cvcry ’l‘ucsdtiy and that we will donntc
freely, is there any reason why the unit shouldn't
cooperate? R.l’.l. is receiving complctc t‘oopcrtt—
tion from the chssclztcr County chuptcr. Tht-y :trt-
having it hloodmohilc unit on campus.

chncsdtiy, thcrc will he ti mccting .‘ll noon
with the representatives from the Rcd (‘ross unit
who will discuss their policy with us. it‘s our
duty as collcgc citizens to go to this mccting tind
support the college. We are rcsponsihlc t‘ollcgc
citizcns: lct's provc it to thc local Red (‘ross chap-
ter.

if The Shoe Fits . . .

With the l‘t‘t‘t'lii and cxccllcnt pi‘t-st-nltilion givcn
hy lhc Faculty of Stitlc (.‘ollcgc Saturday night, it
sccms that the time is ripe to inform thc studcnl
hotly of this institution that thcy >ll|illltl analyze
their own shows each ycor. cspccittlly thc oncs givcn
ttl Static l"tiir.

()nr of HM mos! (il't'H/(Hlt' /)/III.\‘('.\' in our /H‘I'.\'I'Hftl-~
lint/i~ urr ll/t' .u/Iirrs on itwuitrtii/tood. 'l‘hc stttircs lll'f‘
sufficicnlly litid hy thcmsclvcs. httt thc clt-vcr and
not so subtle rcmzn‘lts accompanying tlic ill‘lS ttrc
t'ct'lninly “out of lustc."

’l‘licrc .‘irc sonic individuals who :trc spt-nding .‘l
grcul dctil of [into and who zirc also qttitc intct'cslcd
in lhc foyoruhlc puhlit: rclzilions of this collcgc. \\ t-
wondcr if some of lhc cilixcns of tlic .-\lhttny .‘li‘l'ii
who wcrt- prcscnt til Sitilc l“t'lll' Saturday night fcll
likc "crawling undcr thcii' sctiis” 115 did sonn- of Ilic
nit-tnhcrs of Stutlcnl .'\SH(it‘lt'tlltill. We would qncslion
ilic imprcssion llll'_\' rct'civctl of Sitilc ('ollt-gc its .‘t
rcsuli of llic I'XlllllllllillS. liocs Sitilc (‘ollcgc tlcsct‘vc
this typc oi publicity?

lt sccnis with till thc liilt'lll lirongltt otti ill llll
liig liours~ :ind llic llrtnntilics and Arts productions
lhcrc should lic ii sufficient uumhcr of pcoplc ill‘
tcnding this t'ollcgc who :n'c cttpnlilc of shitting .‘i
dcccnl production. l.ci's rcvct'l lo lhoxc l|l(ll\'lillllll.\l

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 73::
2:30 and liiilll p.m. Univcrsily I‘luycrs ill l’ngc.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY :33
lzlfi pin. [(lC Pi'ogi'iitn ovcr WROW.
7:30p.in.loi2:!l(lu.m. Ull(‘ll Collcgc giiitic lill(l Still
Dance.
7:30 [).lll. lVCl" meeting lll Brubacher.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 25
3—4 pm SCAGS Smokcr niid Social lll
Richardson Lounge
FEBRUARY :37
SCA ltciilcn Discussion lil 300
Stutc Slrccl.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28
7:30 pill. SCA niccthig ill lil'lllllil'lll'l‘.

WEDNESDAY.
(3 pm

if IHH. English l‘iVi‘lllllii in Richardson
Loungc
ll piti. i(l(l prcscnts I)l‘. Williuin

lincs ill lirnbnchcr

FRIDAY, FICIIRI'ARY 20

8:30 l).lll. l-lllicl inter-1"uilh pi'oul'nlll 1“-
Congrcgutloii ()luiv Sholom.

ITATI COLLICI NIWI.

  

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 1952

PAGE 3‘

 

Hoopsters Seek Ninth Win At Oneonta;
Play Host To Tangerines

 

Misfits Lead
Top Splits 3-7,-
Adams Leader

By virtue of a 3-1 victory over the
Splits during Tuesday's competi-
tion. the Misfits rose into first place
in the Intramural Bowling League.
Paced by Rudy Bode and Bill Dunn
the Misfits took the affair after the
Splits forfeited two games. The Mis-
fits now have a record of 24 won
and 12 lost. Right behind them with
23 won and 13 lost are the Rousers
and Finks.

Led by Ralph Adams' high triple
of 577 and Dan Kelly‘s 408, the
Rousers had little trouble in coun-
teracting the Commuter‘s 490, 424,
and 409 triples of Dick Kirch. Bob
Milham and Ken Everard, respec-
tively. The Finks took a 3—1 vic-
tory from the K‘Bobbles through
the efforts of Ray Gibb, 410. and
Bob Jacoby. 384.

Potter Gratis Down EEI’

In the upstairs division the Potter
Club Grads. paced by their big
three of Jim Warden, 519, Jim
Jttisto. 509, and Al tKilleri Kaehn.
481, took a 3-1 victory over the
Potter Club. Frank Fay, 429, Herb
Egcrt, 413, and Dick Ecksti'om. 407,
were high for the losers. The Grads
now have a commendable record
of 31 won and 5 lost.

The Beavers held on to second
place in the division by taking a
3—1 victory from KDR. Bob Dc-
tncrs and George Lampman led the
victors with 472 and 411 triples. rc—
spcctively. In the other contest.
SLS received a forfeit from KB.

Ralph Adams raised his individual
average to 180 by rolling the nit-
ci'noon‘s high triple of 577.

WAA To Play Host
In Sportsday Tomorrow

Tomorrow Women's Athletic As-
sociation will play host to Grccn
Mountain Jr. College and Oneonta
State Tcuchcrs‘ College for a sports-
dtiy. According to Jouti Haggcrty.
l’l'csidcnt of WAA Council. the tic~
tl\'it.ics will include a totir of tlic
Student Union. lttitch at the snack
bar and a warm-up session in l’ngc
gym, followed by three nitcr-
collcgiitlc btiskctbull gititics.

At 1 p. m., ‘irccn Mouliluin will
play the girls from Onconlii Stutc.
At two. State will inch Grccn
Mountain and thcn Oncoiiln ill.
thrcc. Rcfrcslnncnts will be sct'vcd
ill the lounge and l.lil‘l‘(' will in lilliJ.
pong iilr.

(lunct'ul cliuiriiinii of tomorrow's
activitlcs is Phot-bc Fullcr '52, who
is also in charge of food. Olht-r
chuirmcn lll't‘ as follows: Ilostcsscs,
Aliki Apostolltlcs 'fiii; itcgistrttlion.
Kay Sinclair and Karen Prlndlc TM:
ltct‘crccs Betty (‘oykcndull ‘53; and

Programs, Annu Apostolidcs.
’I‘hc basketball lcttm which will
rcprcscnl. State was choscn from

those participating lll IM plot; and
tire its follows: l'orwurds- l’liochc
Fullcr. (lct‘trtidc Smith. Anna Apos-
tolidcs. and Marge l.itldcll, guards
(lwcn (‘lttllivuir Joint l)c\'inny. llct-
ty Coykcndttll. and l’cn Smith. for-
words.

 

Don‘t go to u (lcn

Don't go to u ctivcrn
Follow the Gang
lo

Temperance Tavern

 

 

 

Pierce A, KD
Victorious Again

Tuesday evening Pierce A, led by
the outstanding and consistent
scoring of Lina Scaramuzza and
Anna Apostolides who made 14 and
16 points respectively, defeated a
strong Brubacher E and F team.
The Brubacher girls played a strong
game, bttt were unable to equal the
offensive. Pierce‘s victory increases
their grasp on the league load.

In the second and last game of
the evening, Kappa Delta downed
Gamma Kappa Phi. 26 to 9. Joan
Pearson and Ruth Richtc: sparked
the KD's play. scoring 12 and 8
points respectively.

KI) Meets Chi Sigr

Yesterday at the Rice Alleys the
teams who held the top four places
in IM bowling- met. Kappa Delta
who copped the league lead with a
.92 average met Chi Sigma Theta
who held second place with a .83.
On another alley, Gamma Kap,
placing third with a record of ten
wins and four losses met the fourth
place Pierce Hall team.

Other teams playing
Counselors and Brubacher,
and Brubacher E and Phi
against Psi Gamma.

were the
AE Phi
Delta

Student Views

With a strong feeling for a track
team in the air this reporter was
sent out to get the candid opinions
of a cross section of “State College
students.

The first person interviewed was
Pete Telfer '53’s President. Pete’s
answer was an emphatic "yes," but
he also added that the track would

look a lot better when laid ottt
around a football field.

Abe Blattman, sport’s writer, also
went along wholeheartedly with the
idea. Abe pointed out the inexperi—
slveness of the sport and added that
of the thirty odd men who signed
tip, over twenty competed in high
school track.

In regard to the feminine view-
point, Bea Lehan ’54, brought up
the point that as good a sport as
track is little chance for partici-
pation is offered to girls. Bea, in-
stead, thought that football, with
a marching band and cheerleaders,
would tend to unite the whole school
and give more people a chance to
take part.

All in all, track looks like a good
bet for State.

 

Wrestling Club To Participate
Against Darrell Prep Tomorrow

According to Coach Joe Garcia,
the State College Wrestling Club
will hold an infortnal meet with
Darrell Academy of New Lebation,
New York tomorrow in the Millie
gym at 2:30.

The incet will be held in an at—
icinpl. to create more interest in
wrestling and further, to entice
prospective candidates to try out
for it position on the clttb and learn
some of the fundamentals of wrest-
ling irrcgzirdlcss of ability, knowl—
ctlg‘c and past experience.

(larciu Sends Out Call

Garcia stated that till newcomers
arc wclcomc to attend the practice
sessions which are hcld cvcry tilt-
(‘l'lltitill from 3:30 to 5:30 in thc
Milnc gym.

'I‘hc incct. tomorrow will be gov-
crncd by high school rules and
scoring; which will make for a lcss
rigid scoring system. Wcight. class-
ifications are well distributed.

Among those expected to partici-
pate in

gus. Walt Helm, Lynn Lewis, Totn
Finley. Joe Derby. Tom King, Hank
Feurbach, Phil Billings, Fran
Schalale. Stuart Theohary and Scy-
tnour Cohen.

Interest in Club Needed

Elimination matches are being
held daily to determine around
whom the nucleus of the club will
be built If a strong interest in the
sport is shown and also if a capa-
ble team can be organized, a varsity
wrestling team may be in the offing.
Still an infant, the club can be an
added impetus to the growth of the
State College sports program.

Tentative matches have becn
scheduled against Van Hornscvillc
High on March 3. Albany Business
0011ch on March 12, and another
with Albany Academy with still
otltcrs pending. Also included is a
possible trip to New York City to
iitrticiptitc ill the Amateur Ath-
lctic Union mcct at. which the nu-

Tomorrow Night
Walker's 75 Foot-One Handcr

Features Overtime Conquest

 

.l. V. On Road
In Quesl Of
Fifth Victory

When State College’s J.V. basket-
ball team takes the floor tonight at
Oneonta, they will be looking for
their fifth victory of the season. At
the present, they sport a 4-4 won-
lost record. But a won-lost record
never tells the whole story about
the team, as is the case of the J.V.
squad. For example, three of the
games lost have been decided by
either one or two points, a 47-45
loss to Beau Knit of Cohoes, a 54-52
loss to ABC, and a 61—60 loss last
Friday night to a Naval Reserve
quintet, The one game lost by a
slzeable margin was the first game
of the season to ABC. who had re-
ally had to come from behind in
the game to register a victory.
Starting Five Strong

The starting five for the J.V. lin—
ing up with Bob DeMichelle, De
Cotnbs. Jim Bennett, Bob Sage, and
Jack Fernandez is an example of
a well-balanced team. Bennett, De
Combs, and DeMichellc are the
three big men under the boards
while Sage and Fernandez combine
in the back court to give the team
its necessary playmakers. The op-
position find they cnn never relax
on defense when the Garciainen
cotne up court as each man is cap-
able of scoring from any position on
the court. The scoring for the sea-
son has been quite consistent with
each of the first five averaging 8
points per game or better. Fernan-
dez is presently leading the indivi-
dual scorlng parade with 103 points
for the 8 games.

Bennett Lost to Team

It appears certain that Jim Ben—
nett will be lost to the squad for
the rest of the season due to sick—
ness. The loss of Bennett's scoring
punch and rebounding ability will
be felt greatly by the team. Bob
Cotnley will take over at center for
Bennett. Comlcy along; with Bob
Cotni. Curt Valentine, Bob Smith,
and Dave McKay has greatly lin—
provcd since the start of the sea-
son and each one is capable of do-

 

"T

 

tomorrow's matches arc: Lion‘s outstanding college wrestlers ing an efficient job when called
Jlin Bliss, Stan Biasini, LcRoy Nc- will perform. upon.
*\
(fum/u/o/‘J/ mile:

 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 

Il(.)llLliD UN

_  LTD)

Appetite comes

with eating . . .
lint tliirst departs

WItI'I clrinitlng
Riiliclnis

You can losc Iliirsi in ii

Illll‘l'y Willi ti IllilllL' (DI. It‘c-t‘tiltl

.iiinl find

Coco—Colo . .

sparkling rci'rcslitncnt.

DER AUlliOlillY Ul' llii; COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY 000.5430“ BOWLING CO.

 

(0) I952, THE COCNCOLA COMPANY

(1‘ For The Way YOU Write
.1 s . r -

Athletic Supporters
Accommodatcd By Buses
For Oneonta Tonight

In an effort to gain their ninth
victory of the current loop cam-
paign, the Varsity basketball team
will be entertained by Oneonta on
the latter's court tonight. In the
previous meeting of the two clubs
this year the 'Purple and Gold scor-
ed a record high of 98 in vanquish-
ing the Oneonta quintet. This un-
precedented pointage was highlight—
ed by a 25-point spree in the final
four minutes of the contest. and
sparked by Hiram Walker's 25
points. The going should be a lit-
tle tougher on the large Armory
court in Oneonta, and if Potsdam
can be taken as an example, any-
thing can happen.

Hope to Squeeze Tangerines

Tomorrow night the traveling
Statesmen return home to play host
to Utica College. The Tangerines,
boasting an early season triumph
over the locals will be tough to
handle. but as the Hathawaymen
have shown before, they can be un-
predictable.

Peds Take Overtime Thriller

Last week the ‘State hoopsters
fought an uphill battle all the way
in the visitor's role at Plattsburg.
ceking out an 81-80 overtime tilt.
The contest was featured by a 75-
foot one-hander by you—guessed-it-
Hiram Walker in the final seconds
of play to send the game into over-
time. The Feds were trailing by
eight points going into the final
stanza, and Walker's shot was the
climax of a stellar performance by
the squad. Individual high scorers
for the night were Garrow of Platte-
burg and Walker of State with 20
markers apiece

The lineup for tonight's game:
Walker, Centra. Tabor, Brown and
Hoppey.

Bits Available for Students

At the time of printing the exact
tline of departure of the buses car-
rying students to this game had not
been determined. Hours tnust be
cleared for women making this trip,
and a nominal fee is being charged.

6W

FOUNTAIN PEN

WINS ON POINTS
FOR sruorms
FOR BUSINESS
FOR PERSONAL use

 

      
  

  
 

Choose The Right Point

Ctnploto Pen
$2

and up

 

