 

:izyzmme'imcriceLWaw.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE I

We Explain . . .

In‘discontinuing its practice of contacting the
leaders of eleven sororities and fraternities, seven
residence halls, six departmental clubs, and five
religious clubs each week for information to be re-
leased in the News, we feel that we have acted
with the best interests of these organizations and
the News itself in mind. We are understaffed this
year. We do not have enough reporters to expect
them to contact these 29 leaders every week for
news often of a routine nature, and yet have them

cover other assignments adequately. Our action in

no way, indicates that we deem your news unim-
portant or of less importance than other stories.
We do mean that we feel your leaders are: in a
far better position than we to know when you are
holding a meeting, when you have initiated new
members, etc., and that, if they wish this infor-
mation publicized, we are not being unreasonable
in asking them to be responsible for getting it to
us by Tuesday nights. This, we feel, will result in
the elimination of much time censuming work
for our reporters, work which often does not yield
a story but which formerly had to be done each
week regardless, and in much better coverage for
your activities. .

We give you fair warning. The details of the
procedure to be followed appear in a news story
in this issue. Beginning with next Friday’s paper,
we will not be responsible for information not pub-
lished because you did not regard ityimportant
enough to report it to us. '

Well Done . . .

The organizers of last Sunday’s All-State Day
are deserving of a great deal of credit for having
made this. the first large scale attempt at such an
event, a success. Poor planning, which has often
been the detracting feature of All-College activi—
ties in the past, was not evident in last Sunday‘s
schedule of events; the day’s activities were well
coordinated and ran smoothly. While faculty par—
ticipation in the evening‘s entertainment may have
left something to be desired, during the entire day,
the faculty, proportionally were far better repre-
sented than the student body. A ﬁne example has
been set for a concrete method of bettering student-
faculty relations and increasing college unity by
the leaders of State’s ﬁrst All-State Day.

Closed Nominations . . .

As the situation stands now. elections for Soccer
Queen will be held from November third through
sixth outside of assembly with Student Union
Board supervising the voting and counting of bai;
lots. Let us say here that we consider the proposed
idea of a home-coming weekend an admirable one
and that the choosing of a Soccer Queen will do
much to increase student interest and participa-
tion iii the event. However, we do question the ad-
visability of having the "selection" of nominees
come from the Board alone. thus defeating part
of the interest-gathering factor.We feel that SA
will go along with the Board's opinion that a
cheerleader or sport‘s participant would be tnost
appropriate for the honor. bttt at least give them
the opportunity of having some say in writing the
ballot. How about it, Student Union Board? it‘s
not too late to reverse yourself and re-open nom-
inations. The results will probably be the same.
but SA attitude will be much healthier.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIG
IV THI CLAII OF 191.

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII October 24. 1952 No. 6
“violin-rs of [hit .\'l-)\\'.\' stuff may ln~ rom-inul 'l'ut-sitty
llIili \\'t-tlnit~1|:iy from T in ii |i.l|l :ii '.’ll.'i'_'tl. Ext. 1,
Phones l’l'ill'l'. '_‘ .‘lil‘Jli: li‘tillliititi. ‘_' Will. lioszt-u'slii. ll H.337;
Martikls. Nil IiiilL‘: lil‘i'llll‘vli). Iii: tINT'J. l'lnlt. ‘.' ."ifilfi.
‘l‘lit- Iintli-i'grmluatt- iii-\vspnpt-r of tho New York Stain i'ni~
lt'LE' lur 'l'i‘llt‘il i". ptililislu-ii .r\':l'_\ Friday of tho t‘ologi-
jonr by the \'E\\'.\' llont'tl for llit' Sloth-lit .\:~’.-ttit-ittlitlll.
IIAIIIIANA I’I‘I.\('l‘l < - r - ~ - — Editor-iII-(‘lllol‘
NEVIH' KOHZE“HIH - - - » - t'o-Mtuingiim Editor

EH’I‘llElt MAYAIilS - - - - - - t‘o-Miuumlng Editor
IRENE illtltl'lﬂNi-llit - t"o»l‘nbil¢- Ila-Intiiinu Editor
ELIZABE’I‘II I'I..\'l"l‘ - (‘o-I'nlilii' lloluiltinn Editor
[\IIEI. ’llal"l”l‘~“f‘~ - v - - ~ - - - - Sports Editor
IltlltlH llOllElt’l‘Y - - - - — Hc-ulor Hport» Mi-nilwr
JOIIDINE SlitIII‘I’ « llnulm-m-Atlu-rtIniiig Munnuor

It .-: - - — t'lrcuintlon hlniiugi-r
— - Excllunuo Editor

Foilltlro Editor

Anmwlillc Editor
It Annocinln Editor
('A’I‘HI‘JIUN . Amorlutn Editor

J“ t‘tillilllllillt'diltllln ~liotilt| ll" .itltli'tswtl Io iilt' t-(lltur and

   

 

mist lw sight-ti Minn-s will in~ within-id upon l‘I-illii'nl.
'l‘lu- H’l‘A'l‘E t‘til.l.|'itil'i NEWH firtrtllllll'ii no l'i-spolisiiiilil)
for opinions i-iprt-swti iii it». t'oltililllh‘ or coininunlt'ulions
as nlii‘ll I‘Xlil'l'~rltlllu no not ut'cwsurll) i‘t-i‘lt-I‘I iln \‘it‘\V.

 

‘0'”

 

"Ar: coLLlcl NIWI. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1952

71.. AW

By ROBERT

 

It is very hard. amid the mum
of a political campaign, to separate
from the mass of propaganda which
both parties grind out the truly
pertinent issues.

With great difficulty. then. I
chose ﬁve points of the Democratic
campaign strategy to analyze as the
basic issues of this campaign.

As in 1948. the Democi'gtig strat-
egy capitalizes on the average vot~
er's distrust of the G.O.P. as the
party of “unemployment and bread
lines.” They represent the G.O.P.
as the “party of the special inter-
ests." They appeal to their own
kind of interests—labor, the farm—
er. the negro. Let’s analyze this
Democratic strategy.

1. To labor they threaten and
promise: Remember 1932! Elect us
and we’ll repeal Taft-Hartley. But
this same Democratic party prom-
ised this same repeal four years ago.
And, after four years in power. thev
have not only NOT repealed the
law. they have. in fact. rejected
any and all amendments to the
law, And isn’t that situation due
to two factors—namely. they don't
want to have Taft-Hartley amend-
ed because they would lose a cam-

REIGEMW

palgn issue and they can’t repeal
it because a large proportion of
their own membship favor the law?

2. The Negro is told that if elect-
ed. Stevenson will support civil
rights measures. Maybe so, but
isn’t it strange that this same party
has in it a group which has ef-
fectively bottled up all congression-
al civil rights legislation in the last
50 years?

a. This same party, the champion
of the Negro voter of the North.
was so interested in placnting the
South that it gave second highest
position on the ticket to a man
who has for years run on the Ala-
bama Democratic ticket so con-
spicuously marked “White Suprem-
acyin

4. The Democrats promise that,
if elected. they will clean out “the
mess in Washington." Well. the
Democratic show may have a new
leading man. but the supporting
cast is still the same. The only way
to get rid of the termites that in-
fest our Government is to clean it
out from top to bottom.

5. The Democrats point toward
the Korean War as a triumphal ex-
ercise of American foresight and
diplomatic integrity. A long look at
recent Korean history will prove to
you the abortsightedness of this
argument. Our Far-Eastern policy.
in fact our whole foreign policy, has
been a series of stop-gaps.

These are the important issues
of the campaign as I see them. The
Democrats stand devoid of both
new leadership and any new pro:
gram. Every Democratic convention
results in the same thing: a meal
of warmed up 1932. We need a
party of the future, not the past;
of 1952. not ’32.

We Republicans don’t pretend to
offer the American people a panacea
for the troubles in which we ﬁnd
ourselves. We can promise only ef-
ficient. scholarly government, head-
ed by a famous leader of men. We
can promise you only leadership.
honesty and tolerance. Will you put
your trust in its?

 

 

 

7/te flemacwfic empaign

By MORTON COIIN

 

ocrtttlc pnrty offer to the people
the type of alert leadership which
has always recognized responsibili-
ty. and has always accepted it. This
responsible leadership was not
prc~cnt in Republican administra-
tions before 1932 and with a Demo—
criatc loss ill November. we would
once again fiiid ourselves tragically
lacking in capable administration.
Without going~ back 20 years.
however. we can still see the Doin—
ocratic leadership fighting Repub-
lican indifference. This same Rc-
publicnii body has refused to rec-
ognize the job to be done and has
made a hasty retreat, With its
mystic poweis of vision tonc (ch
near-sighted. the other hind-sight-
cdi it has prooedod to analyze the
situation for its fellow Americans.
it attacks the high rate of tax-
ution. it attacks the high rate of
inflation. It attacks the U.N.'s in—
ability to produce a victory in Ko-
rcn. it attacks our Europa first pol-
icy, it. attacks the use of U. S.
troops ill Koi'cu. To these problems
the Attnckcrs have a solution. Bilico
reckless government spending is the
cause of high taxes land inflation!
the expenditures must be cut off

by 20 billion dollars. Since 85% of
the budget is for national defense,
the Korean war must be ended.
This can best be done by withdraw]
of our troops and money from the
conflict through greater use of our
more advanced weapons—for ex-
amples, Five-star generals.

In conjunction with its attacks
upon the administration. the Re-
putlicnn party presents that man
with “the new liberal look"—Gen.
letht D. Eisenhower. This is the
man who is not only going to right
(“ r wrongs bttt also those of the
Republican party. He is a liberal so
they say but because of sotne speech
impediment he does not sound like
one. They do not. say how effective
the executive department's enlight-
cnrd Republicanism would be in
getting bills reported and debated
upon in a senate where Senator
Tait and his cohorts would be in
control of the legislative machinery.

The Democratic Party aiiswcrs
Rt‘ttublican charges and challenges
with capable and responsible lcnd-
ClSlllpHWltli Aditii Stevenson—n
man who as GOVernor of Illinois
has proven his ability to govern ef—
ficienth and independently. a in .n:

1. Who has made it clear that he
will deal harshly with Communism
whircvcr and whenever found in
government.

2. Who knows the problems of
the farmer through his work with
the AAA.

3. Who knows the U. N. through
his service undcr Sittinius in Lon-
don.

it. Who knows the workings of
(‘onicstlc politics and politicians.

5. Who recognizes the fuct that
you can't have tax reduction with-
out first luivnig world crisis reduc-
tion.

ti. And who is it than with u pur-
ty that recognizes and accepts its
responsibilities.

Adlai Stevenson and the party no
hands have, in" will plus the know-
itow to not only keep every Anteri—
cuii ratio from the horror of world
conflict, but help cvery American
St‘t‘ill'e a decent living for himself
and his family. and keep his full
dignity as a hutnuii being.

n—‘.

Coma-3%

By wars KOREA

 

‘W

THOUGHT FOR. TODAY
“Just stand aside and watch yourself go by.
Think of yourself as “he” instead of "1"_
——Gillilan

THIS IS THE GREATEST

Calling the select Ed 20 people in Miss Conklin's
classes . . . You can now pick up your required copy
of “Baby and Child Care" at the Co—op. Noticed that;
it's a. "common sense guide for parents on the cam
of children from birth to adolescence." Now you can
be a great parent as well as teacher.

BRING BACK NEWBOLD

Hats off to the All-State Day Committee and its
ﬁne work in providing an excellent day’s entertain-
ment. However. this was to have been a. student-
fiwulty affair . . . where were the faculty? Here was
their chance to show us that they're interested in
us and working with us. What happened????

0 FOR 1

Will Myskania nobly sacrifice the cost of one of
its dinners to pay for the wasted ballots of last Fri-
day’s elections???? Maybe that all important soccer
game with the fresh was just too much for this
year’s “leaders.” Seriously, though. it was their ﬁrst
election and to make an error is human. But. they
should hove checked that stencil!

SOMETHING WORTHWIIIIE

“God loveth a cheerful giver.” Yes. it's mat; to
see you. the student body. contributing so generously
to the Campus Chest auctions. You can help further
by attending the. Jam Session and Dance being held
Saturday. Help State go all'the way this year!

RARE OPPORTUNITY

A rare treat indeed was enjoyed by all who at-
tended Dr. Hung’s talks Wednesday. By combining
some real sparkling humor with an excellent knowl-
edge of his subject matter. Dr. Hung was in com-
plete command of his audience. I'm certain that.
watching him would have been a ﬁne lab for all
Ed students (and teachers). And. why won’t the pith
fessors excuse us from classes when we do get op~
portunities like this?

SHAKE A LEG

I’m glad to see that Campus Commission is slowly
getting a little active. Too had their activity takes
up so-o-o much of their time that they couldn‘t ﬁnd
ill minutes to spare for Student Council in talking
over problems.

FRIDAY’S MEAT

Roses to Mrs. Carrino in her ﬁne role as announcer
Sunday night. Seems she was one of the few who
could spend some time to be with us . . . Rumor has
it that someone finally got a drink from the foun-
tain on second floor Draper. Must have been the
plumber . . . I’m glad to see that you all read the
News. but must you always read it when someone is
speaking to you in assembly . . . Hear that the
vlc player in the Commors is being repaired and will
be ready in about three weeks Just think. then We
can dance . . dance . . dance . . How about having
the terrific All-State Day band play at otir remain-
ing soccer games . . . wonder if the Alumni Associa-
tion intended to set a precedent by having the Dorm
Field available for activities on Sunday . . . Who
is responsible for the working of the air-conditioner
in the new Draper Lounge? . . . it seems there's
usually an overabundance of smouldering brain mat-
ter tcigarette smoke to you Commonerst in the air
. . . I tried to get an absentee ballot Wednesday (ya
see. I'm away this weekendt mid was told they didn‘t
come out till Thursday at the earliest. So. for all
you conscientious voters. make sure that your lo~t
weekend runs from Saturday to Wednesday .
Wonder who will get the Martin and Lewis tickets
being auctioned today by Campus Chest and donut-
ccl by Bill Bennett and Jack Dugan of WP’l‘R?

QUESTION OI" THE WEEK
Will the elections be valid todtiy???’i???

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24
8 pm, Betti thu Open House,
Alplin Pi Alpliti Dttic Party. Brubacher.

SATURDAY. OCTOBER ’?'.'\

7 pin. Psi (lummn I-lullowc'cn Date Party.
8 p.iil. lVF‘C Meeting ut. RPI.

ii :30 pm. Campus Chest Dnncc

SUNDAY. ()("l‘OliElt 26
3 pm. Alpha Epsilon Phi lt‘ut'tilly 'l‘t-ti.

MONDAY, OCTOBER "’7
3:30 pm. Distributive lu‘tlilcution Club Membership
Mtctiiig. Room l-t7. ilrnpcr Annex.

'l‘ltESliAY. ()("l‘OllElt 28
8:30 pm. Al) Plays. Page llull.

WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 29

12 noon SUA Cililllt'l, Park Ulllit'ti l’l'i'hl)yll'|‘lllll
Church.

7230 DJ“. Pun Amigos Moi-ting. lll‘lillltt'ilt'l'

8 pin. Lecture on New York State it‘lthC l..uw
Robert. W. Stewart. Spi'nkcr. Iii'ubiit'lic"

’I‘llllliSllAY ,O(‘.'l‘OliElt 30
7:30 pm SCA Meeting. Richardson Commons.

STAT! COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1052

 

iGC To Request
Aid From State

Any student who would like to
work at the Clinton Avenue Neigh-
borhood House under the auspices
of Inter-Group Council is urged to
contact Eleanor Balaskis, ’54, or go
directly to the House, states Miss
Balaskis. The Neighborhood House
offers activities for the underpri-
vileged children of Albany and
needs college students to supervise
these activities. It is a charity or-
ganization and therefore cannot
pay for workers to supervise the
various classes. Directors of the
Neighborhood House are Mrs. Ben-
nett and Mr. Clark.

Classes for which supervisors are
needed include. arts. crafts. cook-
ing, sports. dancing. and singing.
Classes are scheduled for every
weekday afternoon from 3:30 to 5
p. m. and every weekday night from
7:30 to 9 pm. Each Friday there
is a Teen-Age Canteen. A Leader’s
Club which instructs the older
children in leadership meets Tues-
day evenings.

Later this semester Inter-Group
Council will cooperate with soror-
ities and fraternities to change Hell
Week to Help Week as was done
last year. This project will be ex-
panded to include the Albany Home
For Children. the Home for the
Aged. and other charity organiza-
tions.

IGC is investigating conferences
to which they may send delegates
in the future.

Smiles Asks Students
To instruct At Home

The President of Smiles. Doris
Dohet'ty ‘53, has made a request
for all students. who are inter-
ested. to act as instructors at the
Albany Home for Children.

The organization is seeking some—
one to conduct a knitting class one
night a week. Other people are
needed who are interested in sew-
ing, art, stamp collection. music, or
any other allied subjects. The in—
sti‘uctors will report to the home
once a week from 7 to 9 p. in.

There is it request for college stu-
dents who like small children to
work at the Baby Cottage. The
ages of the youngsters in the cot-
tage range from three to eight.
Work will include organization of
games and trading of stories.

All those interested are asked to
contact Miss Doherty.

Grads Elect Leaders,
Plan Year's Activities

All election for major officers was
held by the State College Associa—
tion of Graduate Students at .1
meeting Octobezr 16. William
Protth was elected President.

Other ol'iict‘i‘s clot-ted iii. the meet-
itig wct‘o: vice-president. licslir‘
Linscnlnirtu: s c c r c t :1 r y. Anitn
Traws: treasurer. Ruby Anderson.

Plans for the year's activities of
SCAGS \\'t‘l'(‘ also discussth at tilt'
meeting.

 

1' 4mm

Gloria Rubin. who holds a BA
from Brooklyn College and an MA
from Radcliffe. is the new Instruc-
tor ln Psychology at State. Miss
Rubin is formerly from City Col-
lege in New York.

The staff of the Citizenship Edu-
cation PrOJect workshop of Colum-
bia Teachers College will conduct
a workshop at Brubacher Hall from
Monday. October 20 through Fri-
day. October 24. to which the fac-
ulty is welcome.

Reno Knouse. Professor of Com-
merce. will speak October 24. in
Buffalo at the Western Zone meet-
ing. to the Distributive Education
Teachers on “New Developments in
DE."

On October 11. Elnora Carrino.
Instructor in English was elected
vice-president of the NYS Debate
Coaches Conference.

Robert Burgess. Professor of Li-
brarianship; Carol Howard. Assist-
ant Professor of Librarianship;
Bernice C. Bush, Assistant Instruc-
tor in Librarianship; and Mabel E.
Jackman. Assistant Professor of
Librarianship in Milne, attended
the New York Library Association
conference at Lake Placid from Oc-
tobcr 19 to 21. Burgess and Miss
Jackman were on the program.

 

 

Hung Lectures
On Government

State College students were
treated to a rare opportunity Wed—
nesday when one of the world's
foremost scholars—Dr. Hung. citi-
zen of China and Professor of Har-
vard’s Oriental studies — lectured
here on what he termed. “China
Proper and China Improper.”

China Improper. Dr. Hung";
morning lecture, dealt with the po-
litical aspects of China. In this
portion of his presentation. he
considered the fall of old govern-
ments and the rise of new ones. en-
gendered by the discontent of the
governed. Confucius had said many
centuries before that of the three
important duties of the govern-
ment: to feed the people, to defend
the people and to engender trust
and belief in the government by
the people. and the latter was the
most, important; yet in many ages.
the least considered. Guns and food
can not satisfy the hunger for id-
eologies. Subsequently, Dr. Hung
lll’OCCflCd to the ills of government
today.

Dr. Hung. considering Chinese
dynasties in particular. believes the
main evil of governments to be ex-
cessively burdensome taxation. In
the case of China. this was brought
upon rather ironically by the fact
that the Chinese believe the less
government. the better. To keep
them occupied. government offic-
ials were privileged to engage in
polygamy which increased the titlin-
her of children and which increased

tConfinucd on Page 6, Column 21

tPALAiiE Stiff; NOW

KIRK DOUGLAS

“THE tile SKY”

 

 

 

()N All I'ENS
(l‘lXt’t'lli

liEtilNNth.‘

 

l0 PER GENT 10
WHAT?

TEN PER (‘EN'l‘ DISCOUNT
FOR l".‘\(‘l'|.'l‘\' AND ."I‘llDlCN'l‘S
liillpoillis)

................. .. TODAY
......... .. .ll'Nl‘l. liibii

ENDING ............... ..

WHERE?
STATE COLLEGE 00—0P

AND l’ENi‘llb‘

 

 

Speakers, Contest Will Highlight Students Apply
Eastern Colleges Science Confab For Scholarships

Take notice all students of
N.Y.S.C.T.l The Eastern College
Science Conference to be held here
next March has the potentialities
of putting State on the map along
with the other big colleges of the

IF, lS Councils
Plan WinferLude

A joint meeting of Inter Frater-
nity and Inter Sorority Councils
has been scheduled for next Tues-
day night. At that time plans will
be discussed for Winterlude. the
annual IFC-ISC ball which will be
held this year on December 6.

The following committees have
already been announced by George
Smelling '53, President of IFC, and
atherine Sinclair ’53. President of
Inter Sorority Council: Programs.
Peggy Smith ’53 and John Zon-
grone ’54: Orchestra. Patricia Wil-
kerson and Abel Blattman, Seniors;
Tickets. Joan Allen ’53 and Henry
Berleth ’54; Chaperons. Audrey Ca-
hill and James Finnen, Juniors;
Arrangements. Sandra Cohen ’53:
Decorations. Robert Giamatteo ‘53
and Margaret Livingstone ’54;
Booth. Isabel Martin ‘54 and Dick
Wood '53.

SA To Elect Queen
For Soccer Weekend

Elections for campus Soccer
Queen to be crowned during the
homecoming soccer weekend will be
held outside of assembly during the
week of November 3 through 6. Ru-
dolph DeSantolo ’53. Chairman of
Student Union Board. has announc-
ed. Candidates for the position have
been suggested by the Board.

According to Louis Vion ’53.
Chairman of Election Commission.
a list of these nominees has been
placed on the Student Association
bulletin board. Declinations. writ-
ten to Vion through Student Mail.
must he in by 4:30 pm. today. Elec-
tt’on Commission and Myskania will

 

supervise the posting,r of sample.

ballots. however. Student Union
Board will be in charge of the vot-
ing and the counting of the ballots.

 

O RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Note Shop

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9

East. This is only possible of the
conference is a success. And how
may we insure its success?

Student Council has chosen some
able science majors to direct the
conference. They can't do all the
work alone though for a project as
large as tnis involves hours and
hours of preparation before the big
weekend arrives. Students from all
departments interested in helping
should contact any of the various
chairmen.

Representatives will be present
from such colleges as Harvard. Yale.
Fordham. Cornell, West Point, An-
napolis, RPI. Brooklyn, Syracuse.
Siena Union. State, and many. many
others—in tact 180 colleges will be
represented in all!

“Social Responsibilities of the
Scientist" has been selected for the
main theme of the conference and
“The Role of Science in a World
of Crisis" has been chosen as the
secondary theme.

The principal feature of this
gathering of the test tube clan will
be student papers on such subjects
as biology. chemistry. physics. geol-
ogy. mathematics, and psychology.
These papers will be judged. and
those students whose papers are
selected will present their theses as
lectures.

Speeches by eminent scientists
play a major part in the program
of the conference. Dr. M. L. Taint-
cr, Director of the Sterling-Win-
throp Research Laboratory will
mak the major speech the Saturdav
afternoon of the conference.

SC Votes To Change
Day Of Banner Hunt

The traditional Campus Day Ban-
ner Hunt Will not be held this year
as it has been done in previous
years. Student Council has voted
to hold this event on Saturday, No-
vember 15 instead of Campus Day.
announces Joseph Lombardi ’53.
Chairman of Rivalry Committee.
On this date the Sophomore and
freshman classes will search for
each other’s banner to earn Rival-
ry points.

TEMPERANCE TAVERN

“A place where the elite meet

to eat and tap

in Latin America

Dr. Show Announces
I O t O l I

Eligibility Conditions,

Scholarship Provolone

All students who are desirous of
studying in Latin America. will be
interested in a recent announce-
ment from Dr. Edward P. Show.
Professor of Modern Languages.
that scholarships are now being
offered for one year of academic
residence in that area. Sixteen
countries are covered by these
awards made available under the
Convention for the Promotion of
Inter-American Cultural Relations.

The eligibility requirements for
these scholarships include United
States citizenship. knowledge of the
language of the country sufficient
to carry on the proposed study. a
good academic record, good health.
and a bachelor's degree at the time
of the grant.

Round-trip transportation will be
paid by the United States govern-
ment. The host government will
contribute tuition and a monthly
maintenance allowance. However.
Dr. Shaw advises that the grantees
will probably have to supplement
their maintenance allowance from
other sources to meet cost-of-living
expenses.

Aspirants for these scholarships
should write immediately for appli-
cations to the Federal Security
Agency. Ofﬁce of Education. Inter-
national Educational P r o g r a m
Branch. Washington 25, D. C.

These scholarships should be of
particular interest to students of
Spanish culture. since neither
Spain nor Latin American coun~
tries are included at present in the
Fulbright Plan. Dr. Shaw advises.

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

 

 

 

 

their feet.”

 

 

 

“Colic” in a registered Midi-mark.

 

Campus
capers
call for
Coke

ALBANY COCA-COLA BO'I'I'LING

    
  

There's lots of excitement
around the dance floor—greeting
old friends, making new ones.
Part of the fun of campus parties
is the pause to enjoy a Coke.

It's delicious . . . refreshing, too.

 

IOIILED UNDER AUIHORlIY OF THE COCA-COIA COMPANY IV

00.
(c) 1952. me COCA-COLA comm

 

 

