  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  

   

 

 

   
    
     
     
   
   
  
   

     
 
          
      
     
      
     
       
       
    
       
     
     
       
       
    
      
       
     
      
        
   
  
      
       
   
      
       
      
       
               
      
      
     
   
   

 

 

PAGE I

Reconsideration . . .

Today in assembly the much-debated Big-4 mo-
tion will have its fate reconsidered, The motion
originating in Student Council on October 10, 1951,
was passed by Student Association in the assembly
of April 4 by a vote of 414 to 288, thus express-
ing SA’s desire to replace the Big-4 with an All-
State Revue. At the next Student Council meet-
ing following the vote the reconsideration motion
was made and passed. Since SA has expressed the
desire to review its decision, we hope that the ac-
tion taken today, regardless of its direction, will
represent a more thorough consideration of the is-
sue at stake and the consequences of the decision
that was evident in the initial consideration.

The traditionalists will argue that the Big-4 be
reinstated because it is a tradition; the progres-
sives will insist that the All-State Revue become
a reality because it represents progress. You, Stu-
dent Association, know that no tradition can be
maintained for its own sake if injurious to SA ac-
tivities; nor can a change be expected to be for
the better simply because it is a change. Likewise,
it cannot validly be maintained that the All-State
Revue will or will not perform the tasks of talent,
organizational, and leadership development for-
merly assigned to the Big-4 since the Revue has
not been tried; it has not proven itself either way.
For these reasons, SA voting today will require
much foresight. Don’t prejudice your vote because
you did or did not participate in your class Big-
4’s, because you, personally, enjoyed them or
thought them a waste of time. The outcome of to-
day‘s balloting may not affect you personally, but
vote intelligently—your decision will affect many
a class to come.

ITEM: :lrl Kopncr sold 70 insurance policies
this week, bringing the total to 420. This rc/n'c-
sents S.-i support of the program.

Boner . . .

The Administration and the Athletic Department
pulled an irritating, but understandable, boner this
past week in the setting up of the Sophomore gym
program. We will admit that they were in a spot.
Last spring the college set up requirements for
graduation which made it necessary for Sopho-
mores to acquire two hours credit in gym. 'l‘hc
shortage of facilities was anticipated at that time
and provision for acquiring outside facilities was
made in the budget; however. during the sumlner.
the cost of these facilities was raised to such a
price as to make it financially impossible for the
College to obtain use of them. The situation was
further complicated by the scheduling. by mistake.
of classes in the gym from 8 to 9 arm. while the
Milne Basketball team uses the gym for practices
at this hour. These occurances are understandable;
however. we feel that had time been taken to ex-
amine the program which was submitted as the
solution, it might have been realized that. while
the plan solved the Athletic Department's prob-
lem, it created so much confusion and so many
conflicts with other student activities as to make
its operation impossible. A little more thought
might have saved Student .-\ssociation from the
anger and confusion into which it was submerged
at the beginning of this week. it has been (lem-
onstrated in this case that a plan which works in
theory on paper will not always Work when the
individual student’s schedule is applied to it. The
.-\dministration and the Athletic Department are
to be complimented upon the prompt rescinding of
their action. We can only hopi- that this stop he
carried further to the permanent suspension of
Sophomore gym on the required basis.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

EBTABLIIHID MAY 1916
BY THE CLABI OF Hill

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

VOL. XXXVI] October It. 1052 No. it
All'lillil'l'N of tho NI'IWS ~l;ii't' nluj lw I'i'ili'lll‘ll 'l‘u'sliny

llilll \\'i-i|ili'.-~lllly from 7 to it p. III lll ‘.’ itii‘JIl. i‘l\l Ii

l'Ilonin l'l‘lli‘i'. ‘.‘ it.t'.’ll: il.;rllnnrn. 'J iillll. l\'i|~‘/.I'\\~lti. Ii H.317.

\iujultis. Mil Ilill‘J, Iti'ozlnsity. Il‘.’ ilST'J. l'liill. ‘J it'll-3

'l‘ln- llnitorgraliimti- nr-wspaju-r oi Illi' \ow ‘Iil'k .‘\ .Ili- l‘nl

 

li-ur' t‘ur 'l‘l'ili‘lli'l'it Illlllll“|lt'il r‘\l'|'\ I-‘rhlny rrl l|..- i'..| “w.
,li'lll‘ Ii) llli' \I‘l\\‘S lin it'll ltll' llil‘ StlliIi-lii .\~mn'l.|iiull
liAltlIAltA I'I‘l.\t'l‘) - - - - ~ - - - l'lilliiIr-lil-(‘lrii-f

III'iVIiY KUNZI‘H‘NKI
I'lli'l'lil‘ili .'\I.\\.\th‘ -
IIHCNI'} ltltlil'l. NHlii »
i‘?l.l’l..\ill'l'i‘ll i'l.i\’l"l‘ »
AIII'II. lilu\'|"l'.\l.\N ‘ ‘
lliiltlh littlll‘ill’l't ~ v ~
.HHHHNI'Z NIUHH’ — -
MAIHI'JLIJ'JN‘ HIIilJ‘IIt -
Jll‘ltllfll. WtHiIniAN‘ —
.liH’t‘l‘Z Sl'lt’l'ldlil - - - ﬂ - - - Featuri- Editor
IRENE I‘lllllltl'll) - - ~ ‘ ~ -- o Anniii'iuto l'iilltnr
N.\I«l.\' til‘lltlli - - ~ ~ - - - ~ Ammciuto I‘liitlor
t'A'l‘lil‘llthl‘l lJ’Nt‘Il - - ~ - - — Abntli‘itllil I-iiiltor

I‘o-Alluiuulliu I'liiitiir

- - i‘ir-iliirniuiuu i-lditor
- t‘o-l'lllrlic ltoiiitloiln Illiiltor
('U‘l'llhlli’ Iloiirilollu l'lilltiir'

- ~ v - — Sports Editor

- - - l-ionior Sport». \Icmlri-r
liuniinmu-Ailii-rtiuiug .“tlllliul‘l‘
~ - t'irculutiiru Murmur-r
l‘lxclnirlgo I'Jdltor

 

ITA'I'I COLLIGI NIWB. FRIDAY. OCTOBEB 3. 1952

swam/M...

 

State College is a friendly college.
By virtue of its size most everyone
knows everyone else. This is very
nice. We even give other people a
lasting impression of friendliness.
Last year. for example, when the
Debate Tournament was held at
State. our visitors were most im-
pressed by the friendly atmosphere
which enveloped the “campus.”

Having a friendly interest in your
fellow students is a wonderful at-
tribute. However. there IS a differ-
ence between a friendly interest
and a gossipy interest in people.
Gossip can be injurious and. more
often than not. malicious. Gossip
isn’t constructive and helpful; it
was devised by those who lacked
something better to occupy their
time.

At State we do have a “grape
vine" which is often more accurate
than the News and usually “en-
lightens" us faster. We can even
justify the existence of the “grape
vine"——after all. you do have to
know what's going on around school.
BUT. you don‘t have to know the
private details of someone‘s person—
{11 life. as spread by a frustrated
Walter Winchell.

"Walt" has gleaned his tasty tid—
bits of gossip from various sources.
He can get his information by pre-
tending a friendly interest in oth-
ers and getting them to confide in
him. His interest is anything but
friendly. There is another manner
in which “Walt” can get his infor-
mation which is more pleasant and
less of an effort. He can arrive at
the Union at seven and lean against
the counter until eleven watching
the people who frequent it. During
this observation period. he can con-
sume a few cokes and even carry
on an extended conversation with
some of his cronies. Of course. he
is mentally ‘taking‘ notes" the whole
time. Naturally. "Walt" can stoop
to ordinary eavesdropping on con-
versations — this is too obvious

 

GWM
An Open Letter to the Editor:

As former president of Kappa
Delta Rho. it is my duty to an-
nounce that. 61 members have re-
signed i‘i'om active membership in
that organization.

As you know. Kappa Delta Rho
has been on this campus since 1915.
However. we of the undergraduate
body feel that due to what we con-
sider racial and religious discrim-
ination within the national organi-
zation we can no longer participate
in the stairs of Kappa Delta Rho.

Therefore. we who have resigned
have reorganized as Alpha Pl A1-
pha. and shall continue as a local
fraternity at State College.

Sincerely yours.
John Zongrone. President.
Alpha l‘i Alpha Fraternity

By PHYL PENNY

 

though and people become aware of
his motives

Not everyone at State is a “Walt”
or anything comparable. But let’s
face it. there are more than a few
people who are majoring in gossip.
Gossip is useless except for idle con-
versation. and college students
should be able to carry on an in-
telligent conversation. No one ex-
pects you to discuss Plato. Thoreau
or Rousseau while drinking a cup
of coffee in the Union. but your
conversation can be constructive
rather than destructive.

Malicious prattle has hurt many
people and even ruined a few lives.
Someone gets a false impression of
another, spreads it around and then
it’s accepted as true because it is
common knowledge. People are only
human; they usually remember the
bad things about a person long aft-
er the good is forgotten.

Let's keep State friendly without
any “buts"-

 

7W’ In 7/“ 70am
By SY SEMMLER

 

Bizet's opera. "Carmen," produc-
ed by the famed London Opera
Company is scheduled at the Strand
the evening of October 21.

A cast of 100 artists will be tour-
ing the country with the company.
Their ﬁrst American tour was in
1951.

Vera Crenny. mezzo-soprano. will
sing the title role of Carmen. Fran-
Cisco Paiumbo, baritone. will play
the role of the matador.

To accompany the singers is a 35
piece symphony orchestra directed
by Teclore Cargiulo.

Tickets for this performance are
now on sale at the theater box—
ofﬁce.

The popular voices of Sara
Vaughn and Nat King Cole will be
heard at the RPI Field House, 'I‘roy
beginning at 8:15 on October 15
Putting on the show with them are
Ftan Kenton and his orchestra.
George Kirby. Teddy Hale and the
Congo-garoos.

For classical music lovers the
Chamber Music Society of Albany
has arranged three works of the
early nineteenth century period to
be performed at 3 o‘clock Sunday in
the auditorium of the Albany Insti-
tute of Hi: Lory and Art. Arriagn.
Beethoven. and Schubert selections
will be done.

Also at the Institute two art dis-
plays are rurrentiy on exhibit. The
oil portraits of Lawrence McCoy
are being shown with the Karolik
Collection of American paintings.

Area theaters are now showing
some of the best productions of the
season.

Victor Hugo‘s immortal classic
“Les Miserable" is at the Ritz.

A spectacular “lvanhoe” with Liz
taylor and Robert Taylor leading
the cast is billed at the Palace.

 

 

Gama-514102 I
_____..By MITCHELL 8t KOREA ,

GROWING PAINS

In the last three years, State has been enlarged
with the addition of new buildings and the expansion
of old facilities (including the new cafeteria door).
Plans are now in process for a new building adjacent
to Richardson. the spreading of the cafeteria so that.
it will include Every part of lower Hosted, and a ﬁeld
house on the present site of Summit House (St. Mary's
.to you Vets). These facts are both very creditable
to the present administration and a deﬁnite sign that
State is expanding and classrooms are becoming
more crowded. For example. the . .

 

GYM

Where during the past two weeks. due to lack of
facilities and instructors, positive proof has been
advanced showing the hopelessness of scheduling
compulsory classes for over half the undergrads. It is
now time to redirect the whole purpose of the Physic-
al Ed Department and to provide professinoal credit-
ed courses benefitting men and women interested in
physical education. Such an addition would alleviate
the crowded conditions, eliminate the teaching of
basic fundamentals to advanced students. and the
wasting of time. energy. and instructors on students
whose interests and aptitudes lie in entirely differ-
ent ﬁelds.

LET'S ACT

Another means of loosening the problem of class-
room space is to use more rooms at 12:35 p.m. on
Friday. lSubtle. huhlll By setting up a system under
which one representative for every ﬁfty students
would attend a Senate and on the major proposals.
we could save endless bickering. incorporate the long
overdue party system at State. and eliminate the
present carryings-on which have resulted in the audi-
torium being called “Page's Pit of Personalities." Spe-
ctal issues could be voted on by either the Senate's
request or by petitioning on the part of SA. And . ..
990 students could read their paper in comfort.

5-0, STATE

Nice going so far. Soccer Team. and best of luck
against a powerful Queens team tomorrow. If any-
thing, our performance and schedule proves State
iS capable of playing Inteerarsity sports against
real rugged opposition—and who knows what else.
is feasible?

JUST WONDEIHNG II“

. The sale of the Playhouse. only legitimate theatre
in Albany. might make Page Hall a natural for visit-
ingrtroupes and bring in Albanians and their money
which could improve and add to the already good
caliber of productions now sponsored bv DramatiCs
and Arts Council. I

RECON. 0N DAVID'S SLINGSHO’I‘

Today in assembly, the Big Four motion will be
reconsidered. The first big qutstion. however. is wheth-
ervthe frosh should have the right. to vote on some-
thing about which they know next to nothing. We
hope that in the very nea r future an amendment to the
Constitution will clear up the frosh vote issue com-
pletely.

’I‘I'IIS AND THAT

Congratulations to Alpha Pi Alpha for taking a
long over due step and the best of luck in the fu-
ture . . . Facilities Board has ok‘d a. TV set for the
Union. With immediate action. perhaps We cotild have
it installed before the Yankees romp . . . The Bru-
bacher Dining Hall is now under SUB supervision
and no longer will organizations be compelled to pav
the $6 advisory cleanup fee . . . How about makini'.
it. real cafeteria out of the old Commons by addini.r
regular boot.hs?? . . . In regarding the “Who's Who"
nominations. let’s not make it sound like it pollinLr
oi the delegation from New York . . . The 00-01) is
now selling chrytJiing under the sun. but the prices
are still too near its temperature . . . And for those
who want to known—tho one way road outside of
Brubachcr runs from Partridge to Ontario inow
they‘re building the sign) .

Well. girls, the rat race has begun. Watch out for
trims. and lnny the best puck win.

QUESTION 0!“ ’I‘IIE WEEK
Hey. you want’a sit lil my assembly sent?

College Calendar - - -

 

 

It‘ltlilAY. t)("l‘()ii|€lt it

8:30 p.m. Kappa Delta ()llt'll house for Slnlcsmcn.
SATURDAY. ()("i‘tllililit 'i

AC'l‘lVI’l‘lES DAY

10:30 l1.lll.
i2:3t) p.m.

Sign up for organizations, (lid (Icinlnons
Presentation of Banner.

2 p.m. Stutc Vs. Qllci-nn Soccer gnulc. llcvcr-
wyck.

7:30 p.m. Sophomore skit. l‘ilgc l‘iuli.

ti p.m. Dnilcc. Student llilloll.

SUNDAY. ()("l‘tlliifit 5

ll p.m. (flinnmn Kappa Phi ll‘ucully 'l‘i-ii

\VI‘IDNCSIDAY. t)("i‘()lil£it it

7:30 p.m. iC'..i" Reception. llrtlhncllcr.

’l‘lllllth‘iiAl’. ()("l‘tllilflt it

3:30 p.m. Tau Kappa Alpha lecturer. llni'oiil

Vaughn. lirapcr 340.
7:30 p.m. Newman (linb.
7:.i0 p.m. SCA general meeting. i‘tlchurdson Loam-tr

 

5—0!!! AA"... ac,—

31¢ Hm

 

STAT! COLLIG

Meet The Presidenll

freshmen Will
Divide For New

Orientation Class

Langford And Hartley
To Speak To Sections

The October sessions of freshman
orientation will be divided into four
sections. according to Dr. David E.
Hartley. Dean of Men. A copy of
the schedule will be posted on the
bulletin board outside Room 110 in

Draper Hall.

Each week the sections will report
to different rooms as follows: last
names A-E‘ report to the Library
October 6: Draper 349. October 13:
Room 20. October 20; and Page
Auditorium on October 2'7. On the
same dates those with names F-L
will report to Page. Library. Draper
349. and Room 20 in that order.
The third group. M through the
name Scordato. will go consecutive-
ly to Room 20. Page. Library. and
Draper 349 on those dates. The last
section beginning with the name
Sellers through Z will go to Draper
349 on October 6; Room 20. October
13; Page. October 20; and the Li-
brary on October 2’7.

Dr. Oscar E. Lanford. Dean of the
College. will speak on the academic
program, while Dr. Ellen G. Stokes. '
Dean of Women. will talk on per-
sonal responsibility.
will give accounts on student serv-

A Frosli Little Brother shakes hands w_
looks on at the Annual President‘s Reception held 1
the Lower Lounge at Brubacher Ilali

 

 H“"“e" Albanian Native Joins Fa

I NEWS. FRiDAY. OCTOBER 3. 1952

itii Dr. (‘ollins as Big Brother
ast Friday night in

Gibson Siarls Ortoanerigns
New Program For Petition-
For lnsiruclors In Utah UniVersity

A new course has been introduced To As’um. Leadcnhip

in driving training. It is a two hour V W
course that orients the students in  Educ.“°n collgsc
The reSignatlon. of Dr. Don A.

both pedestrian and vehicle safety.
announces Dr. Thomas Gibson, Pro. ‘
lessor of Health. The student will Orton, Director of Education at
practice teach second semester. for state College has been announced
which he will receive two hours of by Dr, Evan 3. Coming, President of
credit. This new program of in- the College. Dr. Orton Willa-leave
struction for drivers training be- about December 1 to assume. his
gins this semester. All those who new duties as Dean of the College
are interested must see Dr. Gibson. of Education of the University of
before Monday if they wish to enter Utah. The University of Utah has
this course. The quota of the class an enrollment of 7,500 students with
is sixreen. and no one can be ac- approximately 1.600 in the College
cepted after the quota is ﬁlled. of Education. Dr. Orton has been
at state College since September
Dr. Gibson announced the follow- 1950' serving as Director 0g Ed“-
ing requirements for entering the cation. .
class. They are: 3:35 to 5:25 pm. DR 0mm began ms profession-
must be free. the student has to be M work as a teacher in the mm]
a licensed driver for one year. he schools of Utah. and was a, mem-
must have the room '30 add a two- ber of the University of Utah facé
hour course- and he Shomd be ‘1 ulty for three years before coming
Junior or Senior. but some Sopho- to 5mm
mores might be considered. Under Dr. Ortonia maul-amp the
If there are some difﬁculties that Department of Education has ex-
might prevent you from taking this tended m5 graduate program. de-
course. Dr. Gibson will talk the vejoped a strong study council for
Situation 9"” and “item!” a 903“ Capital District school systems. and
Slble SOIUUOH' improved its program to increase
Dr. Gibson also stressed the point (311-ng observation and expel-[ence
that. there are many practical as- for beginning teachers m 10cm
poets of this program. Not only does schools. .
it improve individual driving. it al-
so gives the teacher the opportunity -
of improving the skill and safety SIUdenIS  CheCk
measures of other people through . .
adult education classes and outside  DireCtory [ISIS

instruction.

 Finds Stole/s Classes Different

T the Student Council bulletin board
result. there is not much inter-  o  in Husted HwyTueSdRy, for conga.

Among the new faculty members

I I
Religious Clubs
I1 d I E in the Chemistry Departmenttat
State is Dr. Hassan Bey, a na ive
SC 2 u e  of Albania.

V '  een here for three

The Siam conegc lieligious cums ch'iJi‘s    his first teaching
which have scheduled events for ~  - “Med States. Pre_
next week are Inter-Collegiate Zioii- ‘j'g’c‘llll‘sllfgyn  EQSSHL .m Italy. where
M F-Cdm‘uuin‘ SIGN?!“ 0311,11?“ 1 the classes are very different. Some
Assocumon' ‘md “man ' of the differences stem from the
size of the classes in European Uni-
versities. From 250 to 300 students
in each class is not unusual. As a

4

ICZF is having its first reception
of the college year on Wednesday
at Brnbachcr from 7:30 to 10 p.m.
Dr. Morris Eson. Assistant Profes-

sor of Education, will be the guest Faculty Loans Objects
speaker, announces Phyllis Krakow-
For Foreign Art Exhibit

or  (lcncral Chairman.

A display of art objects from Nor—
way. Sweden. and Denmark is be-
ing exhibited in the museum case
on the second floor of Draper Hall.
These were loaned to the Art De-
partment by Dr. Minnie Scotland.
Professor of Biology. Dr. Caroline
Lestcr. Assistant Professor of Math—

'I‘hc Newman Club meeting is to ematics. Miss Mabel Jackman. As—
takc place at Newman Hall at 7:30 si~tant Professor of Librarianship.
p.m. 'l‘hnrsdny. according to Palri- Helen Jnmcs. Assistant College Li-
cla lintlcr '53. President. brarinn, Dr. David Hartley, Dean of
Men. and Mrs. Hartley. and Mr,
' Curl Peterson. instructor in Music.
MademOfseIle Opens and Mrs, Peterson. The exhibit will

continue until October 8. During
Contest To Women

the following week there will be an
Applications for undergraduate

exhibit of Scandnnavinn textiles.

The Art Department. has also on
women are now being accepted by display reproductions of different
Mademoiselle magazine for mem- paintings of Rubens. the seven-
bcrship on its 1952—53 College .centli century Flemish painter. on
lloartl. The deadline for applica- the portable screens in the second
liilllS is Nt)\t‘lllbt‘l‘ 3t). Information lionr corridor of Draper. This ex-
conccrnlng applications may be ob llll)ll will supplement the filth about
taincd from College Board Editor, llubi us. which will be shown by the
Madainoisciic. 575 Madison Avenue. D&A CUllili'il on October 8.

At the SCA meeting in the New
Commons at 7:30 p. in. Thursday a
film of animated cartcons will be
shown. Patti Ward ‘53, President. has
stated. This gathering will also hear
a talk by a local clergyman on the
Studan (‘hristian Movement Con—
l'ci'cncc.

action between students and fac-
ulty. and to get to know students
personally is almost impossible.

Dr. Bey has a definite opinion
about the contrast in manners and
dress between European women and
women in the U. S. In Europe. the
women dress with what Dr. Bey de-
scribes as "chic" to attend

Library Classes

Uppcrclass students are asked t
refrain from using the main read—
lug room in the Library by Mary E.

Directory lists will be placed on

tion, according to Sheila Hill ‘53.
Editor.
It is imperative that every stu-
dent check these lists in order to
0 correct possible errors in the name.
class numeral. home address. school
address or phone number.

Cobb. College Librarian. for the next Boomsliter  Lead

their four Monday afterncons from 3:35

classes. There is also a noticeable p.m. to 4:25 p. m. The dates con- i ' n n c
cqrnczi are October 6. 13, 20. and 2'7. D scusﬂo 0 5pc Ch

difference between the modes Cf
dress of diﬁerent economic levels.
Hcl‘c. according to Dr. Bey, one can't
tell a woman‘s economic position by
her manner of dress. As to the mat-
ter of "chic" among State
undergraduates. our newcomer
thinks that something is lacking.

Before coming to Albany. Dr. Bey
lived for a while in New York City.
His reaction to the city was a com-
bination of confusion and disi‘avor.
The freedom of young people im-
pressed him unfavorably. as did the
prevalence of moral crimes and their
lax punishments.

On the lighter side. Dr. Bey saw
his first television program in this
country. Most of the cntcrtaimnent
he gt‘ls from TV. is from watching
the enthusiastic reactions of his
younger relatives.

Dr. ch appears to have made a
very happy adjustment to upstate
New York and to Stan- College. He
looks forward to the hunting season,

PALM T""“‘“’ NOW

ALBANY
SIR WALTER S(‘()’I"I“S

“lVANl-lOE”

(‘oior by 'l‘cciinicolor

 

 

Girls who t'tllllt‘ out among the
top twenty lll llli‘ lln'cc campus as-
siginncnls during the your will be
sent to New York next June to help
write and cdil lllt' August College
issue. 'i‘hcy will be paid it rcgulilr
salary for the month. and traveling
cxpcnsis.

New York ‘32. N. Y.
H. F. Honikel & Son

i’llAIlMACIS'l‘S
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
l57 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

STUDENT MEDlCAL
EXPENSE POLICY

wnl'rr: on (no.1.
.\lt'l‘ li.\l’Nlilll

7f) S'l'A'I‘IC S'l'. 5—l-I7l

 

You May Still Purchase l

 

 

(‘orncr ()ntario & llcnson
[hall—1125
FLORIST &

(liflill‘JNiltli‘SlC

t‘illcg'c Florists for Years
Special Attention
for

Sororities and l"raierniiies

Library instruction

for the fresh- IContinued from Page 1. Column 1!

man orientation classes will be held who will act as chairmen of the

in the Library at th
will be difficult for

ese times so it Nurse—Instructors. are participating
other students in the afternoon. Also acting as

College til work there. The downstairs read- chairman is Dr. Paul C. Boomsliter,

ing room will be open during these who will head the discussion on
tilncs. The Library will be open dur- Speech. Included in this discussion

ing its regular hours
her 10 weekend.

over the Octo- is Dr. Floyd E. Henrickson. Profes-
sor of Education.

 

t‘ombs

'l‘oothpaste
Deodorant

Shampoo

 

l

I r...

 

 

 

'i‘ooth l'lrushcs .......... ..

Versatility Plus!

ure Drug Store Now Open

To meet numerous requests, we now have

a counter devoted entirely to toilet articles.

CHECK LIST OF NEEDS

.......... .. Razor Blades 

Shaving Lotion ..... 
.......... .. Anacin 
.......... .. Kleenex 
.......... .. Robby Pills 

AN I) MANY OTHERS

ALWAYS AT YOUR SERVICE

‘ ‘V , ’7
{I at C/fwu a "f fr,-

 

 

 

... .. w-.. ,_..,..._.-c___.._..... we... ,4 mu.

     

 
     
 

 

 

  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
  
      
  
   
  
   
    
    
  
   

1-D

  

 

