 

 

 

1
i'
u
x

 

 

 

 

Gama-3W

By .I. KOREA & R. HUGHES 

They never taste who always drink;
They always talk who never think.
—Prior

Last week’s “Good of the Organization Assembly"
almost lost us our organization. The “Free Friday”
advocates almost successfully deranged our whole Stu-
dent Governmental System by pressing theri selﬁsh
cause. These individuals would put the horse before
the cart and try to go in two directions at once, for
purely self-centered reasons. These people, completely
ignorant of the workings of our presesnt govern-
ment, failed to realize that the compulsory assembly
system is one of the basic foundations upon which
our present system was founded. To eliminate com-
pulsory assemblies would be to destroy our present
Student Government.

The right way to approach this controversy would
be to revise our government in such a way as to
write off compusory assemblies as an integral part
of our government. If we tried to do this backwards,
chaos would be the only result. We suggest that the
"Free Friday” Party and its leaders get in contact
with the people who presented government plans to
Myskania this week.

We are thankful that the amendment to the orig-
inal motion was defeated last week; and if such a
proposal ever comes up again it should be re-defeated.
As far as the original motion goes, we would be in
favor of a proposal to make only business assemblies
cmpulsory. that is, if such a system could be worked
out in detail, with all questions and doubts taken
care of.

“What we see depends mainly on what
we look for.” ——Lubbock

Today in assembly we are to hear a report from
an investigation committee concerning the ever pres-
ent and ever debated subject of football at State Col—
lege. This data, as we understand it, is a result of
much research and planning and has been reviewed
by the administration with their criticism and sug-
gestions.

We feel that we are no more ready for football to-
day than we were a year ago. And we predict that
if football is incorporated into our athletic system
now, it would be unsuccessful. It would fail because
of inadequate facilities—it would fail because it could
not be handled by our present coaching staff, and it
would fail because we do not think that it would
have the whole hearted backing of the administration
if initiated at the present time.

We would be in favor of football in future years—
and the planning which is taking place now is a
good step in that direction. Football, when we have
a ﬁeld house, a place to play and train, and other
necessary facilities. would be an asset to our athletic
system—but this will take more than a year of
planning.

“To give pleasure to a single heart by a single kind
act is better than a thousand head-bowings in prayer.”
You can help paint a smile on the boys' and girls’
faces at the Albany Home by dropping your gift in the
class boxes now.

“Constructive Criticism is the backbone
of Democracy" —Korba & Hughes

Don't miss the Christmas Sing Sunday. There will
be only one group of male voices. as the members of
Sigma Lambda Sigma will be the only fraternity par-
ticipating . . . Tick-took, tick-took, it's ﬁnally work-
ing . . . Music Council is presenting the world-famous
Don Cossack Choir Monday evening . Co-op is
certainly the place for origiiiality-—-iiote that they
use Aero shaving cream for artificial snow . . . Stu-
dent Council could be commended for postponing the
discussion of the budget until everyone knows who

 

has the power to do what . . . Attend the Sister Class
Revue . . . 'I‘he closet by the coke machine is get-
ting hotter and hotter every day . . . Help save a GI's

life by giving a pint of blood Tuesday morning . . .
People are still askingwwhen is “Winterlude”????
Lost weekend. anyone???? The administration is do-
ing a fine job in trying to avoid conflict exams this
year . . . And. “The world is looking for the man who
can do something, not for the man who can "ex—
plain" why he didn‘t do it . . . Only one IllOl't' wcck
. . . MERRY CHRISTMAS.
QUESTION 01" THE WEIle

Who is Santa Cliiiis?’.’?‘.’??’i’

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

RATING —- FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII December 12, 1952 No. 12
.‘II'IIIIH'I'H ol' lln- .\I-I\\'.\‘ stuff mzi\ Inc i'i'lll'llt'll 'l‘uI-mloy
“nil Wednesday from 7 lo 11 p. m llI 2:23:11, list 11
I‘lliini" lli'Ill'i', 'J Iiil‘J-I, lil.iliin.iii, '.‘ ilTitI. I\'Un7,t'\\nl\l, Ii \InUT;
,\l.u:li.i~. \li oJii'J; III'I'leI~I.,\. It: osT'J, I'Iilll, 3.3.11.3
l'lu- Iiudi-I'gruitiiuli- in-i\'~p.i|u-r of llw New iorli Sum- l‘olA
ligw ini‘ vI'I-nclii-l'.‘ I'Illlll"l|1'|l i'\l‘l'_\ l"|'iii;iy of tho l‘qu-ui-
)i-ii‘ In Illl' ,\'I')\\'H limii'ii i'oi' Illt' Sliiilclll .\~nm'i.illoii
II.\III|.\IL\ I'l'2,\('I-l - - - — v - - - I‘lilitiii'-III-('II|«I
Itl'2\li\ litiﬁll'lﬁhltl - — - t'wlluiiugliig I'lililor
I'ZSIIII'LIK \I.\\.\Iith - - - - — - ('ti-iliiiiiigllig Itdltm'
IIlI‘J\I'§ IIIII'IZINHHI t‘IIvI'IIIiIIc Itclulloiln I‘Zilllur
I‘ll.lZ.\|ll‘l'I‘II I'I.i\'l"l' < (irl'iililic IthiiiiuIi» I‘Itlllor
.tllt'il. lil..\‘l"l'.\l.\\ - ~ - - - .‘ipoi'is I'ldlior
INIIIIh IHIIII'IIK'IW r ' NI‘IiIor Hpnrts Ali-Iiilicr
.IUILIHNI'J HKOIW' - - Illintiiims-Adicrtinlng )liiiiiigcr
.\l.\It\ I'll.l.l'l\ NttlIJ'lIt - ~ - tlrrulnlioii Hummer
.\Il IHI'ZI. \\tiOIi.\l.\N - - I'lkclinuuu I'lilltur
:Hl\l‘I'3 h‘l II'I'I‘IN
IIH'JNI‘. I-lIJIIH‘Lll
HALLI' lil'Llllti - — - — .hiuoclulc I'IIIIIOI‘
I'A’I‘III'JIH\I'2 IJNt‘II - ~ » - A .hmoctilin I'ltlitor
.\|I I'Hilllillillli'llillllla nliulllit lw .iilill'cwml lo Ilic t'illlill' {IIItI

I"cnturc I'lilltor
.\~mu'll|li- l-Jtllioi'

inuwl Iw .Igumi \liniws \yill ln- within-III upon i'uiiii-sl
Itii' .‘iII'A‘II’I l'i'l.l.l':i:l; \I'I\\'3 ilhnllliii'n lltl l‘i-sjiiilinllilllll
lui ultililoih I‘\|ll'l"~i|'ll ill 11‘ vuillilliiin oi' t'llllillillllll‘lllIllli1
.In nut-h i'klil'l's'diiiis iin not lit'i‘itnrdl'll) I'I‘Ill‘l'l [In \'lt'W

 

W“

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1982

(The (ﬂhﬁatmaa Spirit

By NANCY EVANS

In searching through back copies
of the Nei‘vs for inspiration concern-
ing this column. I discovered that
past writers have gone into deep
and scholarly presentations of cur-
rent problems found “around cam-
pus,” panegyrics of their home towns
and criticisms of conditions need-
ing discussion or reform. However.
having neither a deep nor schol-
arly mind, and having no com-
plaints of interest, I shall try a
new angle, appropriate to the sea-
son. Being Just one week before
Christmas vacation, it is none too
soon to examine this vague some-
thing to which we glibly refer as
"Christmas spirit.”

Cynics claim that this spirit is a
sort of mass hypnotism inﬂicted
upon the general public for a month
1' so each year by merchants and
advertising agencies, with the aid
of gaudy lights and age-old, rather
sentimental songs. Pseudo-sophisti-
cates may think the season one for
humans from one to twelve years
of age exclusively, wh se thoughts
center selﬁshly about the kindly old
man in red ﬁannels bringing myri-
ads of shining toys down the chim~
ney on the magical evening of De—
cember 24. Misers may resent it,
the morose deplore it, but for those
of us who believe in this spirit, and
in this season, no amount of argu-
ment can squelch our joy in the
return of Christmas.

Although the very name of Christ—
mas has definite religious connec-
tions, the spirit of the season is not
limited to any one group. The very
bright lights. gay colors and lilt—
ing music which provide a back-
ground for this season add to the

infectiousness of the spirit, so that
no one can be completely unaware
of the attitude surrounding him.
The joy, love, and deliciousness of
secrecy are contagious; open-hand—
ed and open-hearted generosity can-
not be ignored.

Christmas, while a time for shar-
ing, is also intensely personal as
few other occasions are. The pun-
gent tang of evergreen, an old and
dearly familiar ornament on a dec-
oration tree, a best-loved carol, may
symbolize the spirit for one per-
son; for me, the burning of a tall,
thick candle brings thoughts of two
very small girls—my sister and I—
waiting patiently by the window,
waiting for the Christ Child to come
softly through the snow looking for
the candle we had set outside for
Him.

This is the time of year when We,
individually and in groups, reaffirm
our belief in humanity and in the
essential beauty of what some call
faith, when we can see through the
chaos and struggle of the everyday
to the possibility of eventual unity
of purpose. It is a time forgaity and
laughter, for sincerity and an aware—
ness of the things that are dearest
to us. So for the next few weeks,
colored lights will shine through
windows, Mama will be kissing
Santa Claus, people will stagger
about stores and crowded streets.
overloaded with packages; for a
while, we will love each other a lit-
tle more, understand each other a
little better, smile more often with
greater warmth. And to prove that
it is possible, for a time there will
actually be “Peace on earth, good
will among men."

 

eamunacaﬁom

To the Editor:

I‘m writing this leier for two rea-
sons. First. this is the only way I
have of thanking an exceptionally
honest Statesman. And second, I
would like to comment on the fact
that honesty is much more preval-
ant at State than might be indicated
from the many stories we hear about
stolen good. etc. It seems to me that
people who are unfortunate enough
to have things stolen. or lost arti-
cles not returned. are more apt to
let othcrs know about it than those
of us who are more fortunate.

I lost a wallet, containing $23.
and it was returned to the Dean's
office with all the money in it.
When I mentioned this in one of
my classes. another student said
that u wallet he lost, with $40, was
also returned to him.

I wonder how many such cascs
there are that receive no publicity
as opposed to the stories about stol—
on goods that wed 0 hear about?

At any rate, I would very much
like to meet the individual whosc

honesty will enable me to have a
much merrier Christmas than would
otherwise be possible.
Very Sincerely,
Beatrice M. Chalmers

To the Editor:

It may sound trite but after sit-
ting iii last week's assembly, I
think that some State students
should remember who they are and
what they represent. We as a stu-
dnt body are allowed to vote on
matters pertaining to the govern—
ing of the college. It is not only
rude, immature. uncouth. and a
sign of ignorance to boo and or hiss
when other students vote contrary
to the way that you have but—a
violation of your fellow students’
right to freely express their opin-
ion.

It wouldn‘t take much effort to
eradicate this situation and show
imiiuvity, as college students, at the
some time.

Sincerely.
Phyllis Penny '53

ATHLETIC BOARD PROPOSALS

Editor's Note: As a result of ad-

visory vote taken in assembly last
March 28 following the original rc-
port on football, State College Ath—
letic Board has conducted a i’urtli-
cr investigation into and examina-
tion of athletic policy at State and
the possibility of football as an
inter-collegiate sport. The Board's
report will be presented in Assem-
bly today. Following are the pro-
posals which the board makes as
it result of Its investigation.

Proposals

()n the busts of llic ubch iinulysis
iio bc prcscntcd in AsscmHyi. thc
Athletic Advisory Board has i'ccom-
mcndcd to Dr. Collins lliut football
b:- instilnicd us fill intcrcollcgiuli-
activity us soon in the following ob-
stnclcs may be removed.
I. (‘ollcgc (‘lass Schedule

The class sclidulc bc so i‘c-(n'-
gunm-d lluil studcnls inlcrcsicd m
puriicipuling in inicrcollcgiulc nih—
lciics may be finished with clusso.
by three o‘clock . . . l’rcliniinui‘y ln~
\rcsiigulion lius ~hown Ililli in Ill“
mum this will rcqiiirc elimination
of thc twclve to twclvc-tlnrly lunch
hour, rc-sclu-duling of ircslmnm or-
icnliilion, Education 22 llil(l 2:, and
some Inboi'utoi'ics. it is also i'ccom~

from the 130211] of thc College or the
Director of Athletics.

Dr. Collins has concurred with
this rccommendiition and has ask-
ed the Athletic Board to prc<ciit this
problcm lo thc Facility Council for
study. This has been done.

ll, Stzill'

'l'hc stuff of the physical cducii-
lion department be enlarged so tllllt
sluil‘ will be available for 1111 (ix-
piindcd program of intercollegiate
utlilciics.

Dr. Collins has accepted this re-
comnicndution and has agreed to
add .‘s'lllll us soon as it bcconics pos-
siblc for him to do so. The earliest
iimc that this may bc done is Scp-
tcmbci 1053. It will not be clcui'
whcllu-r or not this can be done
until April of 1053.

III. Facilities

lloth lhc indoor and outdoor fa-
cilities required for football as wvll
us otiici' il(’ilVlil(‘.~l bc guliicd iii the
cin'hcsi dutc possiblc. Plans for the
buildings and ulhlctic iii'I(I Wt’l‘l' up-
provcil by llic Department of Public
Works in 1047, but no appropriation
luis bccn nindc so for by 1.Il(' Icg—
islulurc. lf fluids urc provide
iiss- pos~ibly in September of '54,
probably in '05. However, it. is pos-
sihlc that. in the absence of build-

mcudod (but scheduling priority bclllt; funds, facilities may be rented
provkied for athletes with guidiiiiceon u year to year basis.

Tliat Question Again

The twice delayed answer to the question of wheth-
er or not State College should take on football as an
inter-collegiate sport will come to life again today in
assembly with the presentation of State College Ath-
letic Board's report on the subject and on athletic
policy in general. Four years ago SA answered that
question in the negative. Last year a motion was
introduced to empower Athletic Association to tax
undergraduates up to $10 and aduates up to $5 for
the purpose of initiating an er-collegiate football
pragram, and a Football Investigation Committee
was set up to study the possibilities of introducing
the sport this year. Last March that committee re-
ported—a report which the News felt was too hasti-
1y prepared and which overlooked many of the major
difficulties relating to such a change in the athletic
program.

Student Association was neVer called upon to voic
on this motion, for the Athletic Board, after consult-
ation with the Administration, requested, in its stead.
an advisory vote from SA resolving (ll that SA bc-
lieved inter-collegiate football feasible at the Coi~
lege; (2) that it express willingness to support such
a program through an addition of not to exceed ten
dollars to the student tax; and (3) that it encourage
the Board in the development of inter—collegiate
athletic policy, including football, for report no later
than December. 1952. SA passed this resolution by a.
large majority. The report which you will hear to-
day ls therefore, a result of the third portion of this
resolution.
stage this time.

Unlike the last report, we feel that this one rcprc»
sents thorough and careful investigation and plan-
ning of a long-ranged nature. We compliment thc
Board on the completion of its work and on the re»
altistic manner in which it has accepted the obstac-
les which it faces in any expansion 0f the inter-col-
legiate program.

Thirty Pints . .. .

From amidst the humming of College industrics
comes the voice of an organization which asks litilc
of your time. none of your money—only your blood.
We refer, of course, to the College Unit of the Amer-
ican Red Cross, which incidentally. has done a mar—
velous job of revitaliizng itself and its activities this
year. The College Unit will sponsor the second of its
drives for blood this Tuesday at Bender Lab, trans~
portation once more being provided. The first. drive
fell only two pints short of the thirty-pint quota.
however, we hope that by now the guinea pigs have
reported favorably on their experience and that then-
are now many more than thirty people in the collcgc
who realize that they’ll never miss a pint of blood,
but that someone else might just miss without it.

Stampede For What?

Because we feel that SA is lacking in information
concerning progress in the investigation of lhc l‘l"
vision of student government, page four of ilii~ pupcr
carries summaries of the four proposals for rcvlsion
with which Myskania will deal in studying possibil-
governmental set-ups. We complmcnt the authors of
these plans on the time and thought which they >nw
fit to devote to a matter which we feel to be of vital
concern to many more than the 18 people who IliH'c
attended both Myskania forums. It will be noch illiii.
not a single plan calls for compulsory assemblies:
that every plan calls for representative govcrmncni
of some type. These facts, coupled with the speed
with which the Good of the Organization meeting
last week was taken over by the question of compul—
sory assemblies, leads us to believe that. forced as—
sembly attendance is the major factor fostering dis—
content with our present system.

The proposal to delineate between Social gathering
mid business meetings has its merits. Certainly [host-
who wish to lend their time only to matlcrs concern—
ing the business of :ai'rying on the government lil't‘
justified in complaining about many inclusions in
our agenda. However. we feel that until thc iigi-ndus
themselves are planned with this division in mind,
the plan would have. little cffcct on this year's us-
scmbly meetings. Lct us point out also, flint :myoni-
objecting to thc nature of any portion of lhc :isscin
bly agenda always has tlic pcrrogulivc of cliiillcnginc
that agenda when it is read at the bcginning oi Ilic
meeting.

We wcrc happy to scc the morc inclusive omcndv
man dcfciitcd sincc wc cannot i-ndorsc turning ill-
lcgislntin'c loose on the spur of thc momcnt with lhc
question of more thorough and thoughtful revision
coming up so shortly. We do iiol doiibl that, if givcn
it long cnough ti'lul, non-compulsory llSSi’illlllli‘\ \"i uld
eventually serve as wr-ll us llic prcscnl (‘tllilplllsiil‘
gutlicrmg». but let's think u lllllc further than IIl'
lioiii' wc urc forccd lo (lcvolc to our govcrnincni cici '.
Friday.

Proposals---

IV. Insurance Protection

'l‘lic Allilctlc lioiii'd IlllS i'ccomniciuicd lhul insui'
uncc pvolcciion for athletes I)c |)i'o\’l(It'(I to n mini—
mum of $10,000 of ('il.i‘l'ill.‘,t‘. Undu- ilic pi'cscni msur
uncc organization at tlic collcgc this is not illililli'liil
I.V lilih-‘slblc. At such lmic us llic Student A\.‘iiii‘lliililll
pi'ovidcs iisclt' \villi u basic lotul insurance plan to!
each of its incmbci's His 11 has bccn donc in 7 of [hr
11 'l‘cuclici’s ()ollcgcs ut pi‘csciiti, it Will bcconic ll“
nunciully possiblc for the Alhlclic Board to pun-lum-
surplus insurance for ilic iilhlclcs to the extent nccd‘
ed for udcqinitc covcrugc. Thus the Alhli-lic liom'd
recommends to lhc Sludan Association that a coin-
niiticc be appointed to investigate the possibilitics of
a total insurance plan.

 

 

Pan Amigos Entertain:

With Spanish Carols

Pan Amigos will hold its tradi.
tlonal Christmas Party Wednesday
evening from 7:30 p. m. to 10 p. m,
announcs Irene Brezlnsky ’53, Pres-
ident. The party will be held in
Brubacher Hall.

Spanish students from Milne will
be guests of the club. Miss Brezln-
sky states that the entertainment
will include games and singing
Spanish Christmas carols.

Committes are headed by Marie
Macaffrey ’54, refreshments: and
Ann Marie Yanarcllo ’53, entertain-
ment.

 

.Z'tE'LSTA’I'I‘TGOL'EIGI NEWS: FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1952

 

 

Your Trip Home Is

IN THE BAG

BYIIIAIN!

 

  
 

N0 WEATHER 0R TRAFFIC

(Iclnys to mnid- you miss lioliilnlcs

. \\’I1('ll you go Iionii by HIIII',
(Icpcinlublc triiin. It's n liciulslnrl
on vncniion l'un, lrnvclingr with
I'ricntIH. . . in roomy comfort will)

swcll (lining cur mczilsl

 

IT'S A GIFT! If you nnd lwo
l‘rii-nils go home illlil rcinrn lo-
gi-lIu-r . . (Iroiip (‘oiicli I’Inn
liciicls H.‘I\‘(' you cor/1 lip lo 135',
ol' the i'cgiilnr roliiul~trip conch
i'nrcs. ()i' n group of LIST or lillil't'
i'iiii cor/i suu- tip to ‘th" ,i Ill-nil
Iioinc in flu-sunn- illi'i'l‘iliill nt tin-
suinc Iillli'. Ai'tcr Illl‘ Iioliilnys,
l'i'llll‘ll si-pnrnli-Iy if you \\’lHIl on

iIlIH Ini‘gi-i' (Ii'oiip (‘iuu'li I'Iiiii.

ASK YOUR RAILROAD TICKET AGENT
ABOUT GROUP PLAN AND
SINGLE ROUND-TRIP SAVINGS

EASTERN
RAILROADS

I I THE

0“ 1”de

 

Tuesday evening’s A.D. produc-
tions opened with an Irish drama
directed by Margaret Eckert. It is
regrettable that the play could not
live up to the standards established
by the poetic prologue, which was
presented by Pat Byrne with under-
standing and dramatic impact. The
play itself, when it could be heard.
lacked vitality and dramatic pre-
ception of moving toward some goal
or purpose. Many lines were given
as mere memorizations, lacking in
meaning and conviction; often the
meaning 0f lines was sacrificed at
the expense of accents. Nevertheless,
despite the overall inadequacy, cer-
tain performances stood out. De-
lores Donnelly and Bill Hawkins
presented characterizations which
were dramatically convincing and
realistically conceived.

The Fantasy, directed by Marcia
Griff, was a welcome change in
standards; the director certainly
deserves much praise for a "job
well done." John Laing's Colonel
was .i masterpiece in old age coin-
binczl with a wavering mind. Bar-
bu.a. played by Marilyn Erter, gave
much vitality to the play; the con-
vincingncss of her change in char-
ii:-:cr deserves recognition. The sym—
ililiileiif' and understanding Ellen.
graciously rendered by Aniiclicse
Harliiugcl, spoke with a voice which
pi'ovcd most enjoyable and added
much to her characterization. The
supporting "stars," though at times

 

. HAGUE
‘ STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest."
s s
HOLLYWOOD ('OMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s ~

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

Resolve That:
“R U Kiddin.a

Yours. They’re all yours, and
you can keep 'em. Keep what?
Those New Year's resolutions.
Just listen to ’em:

"I promise, beginning 12:01
a.m.. January 1, 1953:

1. To read Pogo daily.

2. To start off each day with
a smile.

3. To help find the tea miss-
ing from emperance avern.

4. To buy textbooks next
semester.

5. To attend my 8:10. Wanta
see what‘s goin‘ on.

6. To dust off my assembly
seat.

7. To donate blood to the Red
Cross. My history prof’s. prefer-
ably . . . etcctera, ad infinitum."

Fortunately, said rules won’t
be kept. The guy who wrote
them writes his resolutions
earlier. and breaks them sooner
than anyone else around here.

 

convincing. 1ch much to be desired.

 

Forum Will Sponsor
ReformedCommunist

Former Communist, Granville
Hicks, will speak Thursday, January
8, in Room 349, Draper, at 3:30 p. m.
Hicks will present his view-
points on the subject. “Communism
and the American Intellectual,” re-
ports Douglas Neilson '53, Speaker
of Forum.

Hicks, a novelist and critic.
has written several books. Among
thwc were “The Great Tradition."
an interpretation of American lit-
erature since the Civil War, and
“Small Town." a book on an Ameri—
can community. His most recent is
the novel, "There Was a Man In
Our Town."

Recently,
licizcd

Hicks
Madison

favorably cri-
Cooper‘s "Sir-

'ona, Texas" in a review in the

New York Times. states Neilson.

In his address sponsored by
Forum, Mr. Hicks will discuss the
cffccts of Communism on the Ain-
il'lt'lill intellect.

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

I’RATI'IIIN ITY JEWELRY

Badges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts Favors
Stationery Programs
Club Pins Keys
Medals Trophies

Write or Call
(‘ARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, N.Y.

Tclphone Troy H Adams 82563

 

 

VM’ In Wu 7am
By sr semen

 

Music by Cole Porter will be on
the air over WABY Saturday when

Radio Council presents "Musically
Speaking” from 2:30 until 3 p. m.

Remember to see the Don Cos-
sacks in Page Hall December 15 at
8:30 p. in. Admission by presenta-
tion of student tax ticket.

J. B. Priestley's drama “An In-
spector Calls” is playing at the
Colonial Playhouse through Tues-
day.

The curtain goes up at 8:20 on a
dinner celebrating the engagement
of the daughter of a mill owner to
the son of his most important rival.
In the midst of the festivity, an iii-
specter enters to announce that a
girl has committed suicide. He
leaves a diary implicating all pres-
ent.

You can find out what happens
by presenting your student tax
ticket and $.85 at the box office.

The Albany Institute of History
and Arts is featuring "Memorable
LII'v'E Photographs" in the gallery.
The photos are the best from the
LIFE ma'iazine since it was founded
in the mid-1930's.

"Rasho’mon," the prize winning
Japanese production. is now playing
at the Delaware Theater. It features
in the male role Toshiro Mifun and
in the female part Machiko Kyo.

'Clzish By Night" with Barbara
Stanwka and Paul Douglas and
"The Narro Margin" with Charles
McGraw are at the Madison through
Saturday.

"The Big Sky“ with Kirk Douglas
is the Sunday change.

Remember “Flapperette” is on the
stiigc from 8 to 10 p. in. Thursday!

mes

Juniors, Frosli I, '1

To Give Revue
OI Joint Talents
Sister Classes To Act

Scenes From Vaudeville
In "Flappcrelic" Show

The Fresh-Junior Revue “Flap-
perette” will be presented Thursday
night. December 18, in Page Audi-
torium at 8 p. m., according to
George Hathaway ’53, Coordinator.
The Revue will present the music
and dancing of the ten year period
from 1918-1928 with characteriza-
tions of famous vaudevillep erform-
ers of that period.

The theme of the show will be
woven through the various scenes
by two angels, played by Barbara
Maaloe and Edward Rockstroh.
freshmen. One scene will be a satire
of a silent movie of that period.
There will be a Ziegfield Follies
scene, and a College Campus scene.
completew ith the singing of “Var-
sity Drag."

Directing the revue is Ross Hack
assisted by Alan Weiner. Assistant
coordinator is Alice Warren. These
are all freshmen.

Freshmen committee heads are:
ostumes, Barbara Maaloe; Publici-
,' Alice Warren; Props, Marie De-
vine and Olina Fusco; House, Car-
ol Hughes; Choreography, Roberta
Stein.

Junior committee chairmen are:
Program, Donald Voellinger; Sets,
Walter Barbash; Make-up, John
Laing: Arrangements, Sylvia Sem-
niler; Lights. Frederick Crumb.

The Junior class will devote its
share of the proceeds to the suport
of the Junior Class Orphan.

(-r

 

p0lu'uo @aea 71w gaze/range

 

A poll at Smith College, Mass.
shows that Sophomores do more
flllSi cutting than other students.
Fifty-eight per cent of the class cut
at least once ll week. Three main
reasons for cutting were given:
S lltli’lllg for exams and dull claSS-
cs. They probably don’t have eight
o‘clock classes over there or over-
“lf‘f‘pllig would be another one.

From the Varsity News, U. of De-
lroit:

I ~crvc a purpose in this school

.loe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

comm UNDER AUTHORITY or me COCA-COLA COMPANY B‘
ALBANY (‘()(‘A—(‘()I.A Iii)’l"l‘l.lN(l (‘0.

“Celia” is a registered trade-mark.

W

 
 
  
  
  
  

Campus
capers
call for

Coke

illiiii

©

There’s l‘un-l‘illcd confusion
when the campus empties
into cars, trains and planes
as Christmas holidays
licgin. llcailing for good
timcs? PiillSL‘ lord Coke

and go refreshed.

1952, THEICOCNCOLA COMPANY

 

On which no man can frown—

I quietly sit in every class

And keep the average down.

Your reporter would like to add
companion poem:

I sit up on my pedestal

From which I'll never swerve.
I'm the one that you all hate:
'Cause I bring up the curve.
Some students at Southern Cal
who were caught dancing the "Ce—
metery Drag" ‘11 .1. “m. am told
police they went In for ‘ombstone
tangoes.

The Don Cossacks will be at R. I.
C. E. tonight at a cost of $2.00 per
metcry Drag" in a graveyard told
police they went in for tombstone
tangoes.

The following are from the Grif-
fin, Canislus College newspaper:

He who laughs last is most dense.

Directions, Kentucky style: “That
there road just kinda peters out into
a bridle path and then becomes a
hog trail. finally a squirrel track
that runs up a tree and ends in a
knothole —--- better take this other
road, 'tain't so changeable."

A politician in England was ex-
pounding at length: "I was born an
Englishman," he said. "I have lived
an Englishman, and I hope to die
an Englishman.“

An old Scotsman sitting near the
front shouted: "Mon. mon. hae ye
no :unbcction at all?"

A man went into a tavern optiin-
'Silt'lllly and came out inlstyoptical-
iy.

H. F. Honikel & Son

PIIARMACISTS
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

D

 

 

 

Capitol Press
P R I N T E R S

ALL TYPES

COLLEGE, FRATERNITY
SORORI'I'Y PRINTING

TELEPHONE 4-9703

170 South Pearl Street
Albany, New York

 

 

 

 

