 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

PAGE I

\

  

 

Hybrids . . .

Evidently there is some confusion among the
members of Student Association either as to ter-
minology or as to the rules concerning the use
of the cafeteria, the old commons, now cafeteria,
and the new commons, formerly Richardson
Lounge. Perhaps the confusion is over which rules

shall be obeyed and which not.

Last year, when faced with student protests
over the conditions of the cafeteria, Student Coun-
cil earnestly tried to devise a workable plan to
rectify the situation. However, the situation re-
mains ungood. As it stands now, all three areas
are being used for a combination of eating, card-
playing, smoking, and talking. During the day,
this combination of activities does not present too
much of a problem; however, when noon hour
comes and a student who wishes to use the room
'for a cafeteria must stand to eat his lunch because
a “fourth” who insists that it is a commons sits,
something is radically wrong, either with the plan
itself, or with student support.of it.

Student Association no doubt resents being push-
ed from commons to commons each year and
would like to place the blame on the current plan.
Let’s face itl The building area with which we
have to work is limited. If you want a larger
cafeteria, the commons has got to go!

The Commons (let’s stop this new and old busi-
ness), while less centrally located, is no more out
of the way than the former old commons (Lower
Hawley Library). Yesterday noon there were 31
people in that room, 23 of them freshmen, while
the new cafeteria room was its usual jammed self;
How about it . . . are the freshmen the only ones
who can cooperate? Perhaps if some of the
“wheels” would move their residence, other mem-
bers of SA would follow suit. Campus Commis-
sion: let’s have some directional signs and dancing
at noon, and how about some additional tables at
one end of The Commons to attract the bridge en-
thusiasts. If these things do not bring about the
move, we’ve been informed that the mailboxes will

be relocated.

Remember SA, it’s the people who make the at-
mosphere. not the room. How about accepting the

situation and cooperating.

YOU! PUHCII . . .

The News joins with other newspapers and or-
ganizations in the Albany area and with Forum
on this campus in urging eligible students of the
College to register and vote. We, as a paper, re-
main impartial on this as on all political issues.

We don’t care how you vote as long as you do it.
You‘ve heard it before, but we use this column
to repeat: if you don’t register, you can’t vote!
Today and tomorrow are the last days for register-
ing and applying for absentee ballots. if you have
registered, you may apply to your Board of Elec-
tions not later than Saturday, October 18 for an
absentee ballot. but you must register in person.

Absentee balloting is not “too much trouble

If!

Many of you will be voting for the first time
this November. You, individually, cannot “swing”
or even influence greatly the outcome of the elec-
tions; however, collectively, if every eligible stu-
dent and faculty member were to exercise his vot-
ing rights next month State College alone would

cast over 1200 votes at the polls.

if you don‘t

throw your punch, you can’t complain about the

outcome of the contest!

 

BY THE CLASI

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9! 6

RATING — FIRST CLASS

VOL. XXXVII October 10, 1952 No. 1i
Melitta-rs oi' iln- NEWS stdl'l‘ nnu Iw l'l'ill'lll‘ll 'l‘liilsilni‘
llllll \l'mllli-sdlly from 'i' to II p In. ill l-lxi ll
I’llolii-s. I't'ill'l'. 1551313”: lil:l|lin.ln, 2 till”. l\'llﬁ'/.I'\\P‘l\l. ll N317:
\lnynlils. ‘sililill‘l; lil'vzilnlxi. Ii": ilhT'J. l'lall. '
'l'lliu lllliivl'gl‘ll-lililli- lit‘\\'\|i.l]|l'l' of tin. \I-\\' l'orl. Slnlt- t'ol
[rpm for 'I'i-ili‘lli-l'n. |illlili~iwil i~\li'_\‘ l"l'lllil,\ IIl llll' I'lll'tﬂt'
yr-ill' Ii_\ Illl‘ NEWS “IhII'tl i‘ol' lllt' Sillili-lll .\~.~llt'ltilll|||

ItAIIIIAIIA l'l‘l.\('Iu‘ - - - - -
Ill'iNlIY ItOHZI‘lW-‘ilﬂl - ‘ - -
EH'I‘III'ZII MAYAKIM - - -
IRENE IIIII‘JZINHKY - ’
I‘II.I’I..V\III‘2'I'II I'I.i\’I"i‘ - -
:\|Il‘ll. ISI.;\'I"I‘.\I/\N - » -
DOIHH DOIII'JII’I‘Y - - -

- ('o-l'llillli-
t‘o- I'liI)II(‘

I'D-“lullll‘lllu
I‘ll-.“llllliu’lllu

Senior Hpi

lid ltur-ln-(IIliol‘

I'Ili It or
Editor
I'lilllor
I‘itIIIIII‘
Editor

iI'Ivi Member

JOIIIIINI') Hittili‘i" - - - luminous-Allii-rtlnllll; .‘IIIIIIIKIII'

.\l.\II\I‘Il.I.I‘3\' Hltildllit -
.\ll IIIICI. “'OOIHIAN - - v
.lOI'i'I‘l HI'II’I‘I'ZN - - -
IIII'JNI’D I‘illllltlil) - - -
h‘.\l.l.\' Iil'lltltl - - - -
I'A’I‘III'IIHNI‘J LYNI'II -

('Il‘t'tIltIIItllI

)Iillllllu-r
l'ixelmnuo Editor

I'lliltor
l-lii IIIH‘
I'illll or

.\nhllt'llIID Edit or

 

.\li I‘llllliliillilt'.llilil|n ~l|oll|i| il- .iiiill'iwsi'il in tile t'tllltli' nllil
lnll~l Iu' night-it \unnw will in: iilllilwld upon l'l't]II1')I
'Iilll- N'I'A'l'l‘} t'tti.I.l‘Ztii-i \l'i\\'.\' .imllllli-s no rawpollwiinliltl
tor opliiluii-u t'xlll'l'wnt'tl lll its i'llllllliliM oi t'lllllllllllill'llillllln
as nil-ll i'h|ll'l'n"lllllt‘ do not lll'l't‘nmll'll) I'i'lli'l'l llw \lt'n'

 

 

  

 

gamma-51d“

By MITCHELL a; KORBA _____

  

 

 

WHA’ HAPPENED

Where-oh-where are the Graduation Supplements
that were to have arrived this summer? In June.
they told us a few weeks, in September it was a few
weeks. Maybe if there were less weaknesses and some
quick hustle ’52 would get the supplement with their
M.A.’s.

STOP. LOOK, AND LISTEN

This week Student Council picked four people to
attend the ICA meeting at Buffalo. In the past, Al-
bany has been the main contributor to the confer-
ence. We hope ‘this time. however, our delegates will
be able to pick up the facts on the proportional rep-
resentation governments which are used at every col-
lege but ours. Although this would do away with the
popular April Derby as such, it would substitute a
more mature, realistic democratic form of govern-
ment long overdue at State.

CHIEF RUNNING WATER

Is the new name for the Guardian of the girl's
“Johns” whose office (242 New Draper) was once a
women's rest room. Who this prof is is unknown
at the moment, but we hope this will flush him out
of hiding.

HATS OFF

To Inter-Fraternity Council for their fine plans
concerning this year’s activities. Newest move is the
setting up (i groups to aid in the supervision of ac-
tivities in the local Neighborhood House. Amazing
how two councils, with the same purpose. can achieve
such a difference in results. Don't worry girls—you
still have a few points on the boys.

“2 ﬂoat ”

a 7/0“ o - o o... .6...
By PAT BYRNE To the Sophomore Class for taking in over $32 from

the fresh on Activities Day, and helping to make the

Do you look at sunshine as some-- of the state of the world about you affair a success financially.

thing which merely casts shadows? or is it merely an unknown area

If so. then you are one of the grow- located somewhere beyond your A SLIP

ing population of pessimists. And. own personal horizon? Have you The r9350“ "0 all-COHEEG event was SChefiUlEd by

if you are a pessimist. you have no any real concern for the future or the calendar committee. was the assurance from the

place here at State College. A pes- is that just a nebulous time found “mini-Strum“ last Spring that: there was to be no

simist gives up all hope of building beyond Commencement Day? SChoo‘ tOdEY- 0h» .Wlﬂl. theres always Lawrence's

a future. and you here at State are Many of you are already aware MelOdY BOX and Willy S Tearoom.

Preparing for Your Own will"? mid of these things. You realize the CALLING ALL SANDBURGS

the tum": 0‘ your country- A bit challenge has been made all“ you This year’s Primer is trying to put out three issues

overdone. you say? Perhaps. But are willing to accept it. Still. SOme instead of the customary one The question now is

take a good look at the {act's m the Of You are PCSSlmlSth ‘15 t0 the whether there's talent enough 'to support it So come

“so Within five year's time. you state of the world and its occu- on you En 1A students '

will be out on your own. teaching. pants. True. the picture is not the ‘ ‘ '

Into your care will be placed the peaceful panorama one would wish EXPANSION AND IMPROVEMENT

giowlng minds 0f 8 coming genel‘a- it to be. It is marred by war, revo- Continues throughout the cafeteria with the mov-

tlon- MUCh 01 their knOWledge and lution. conﬂicting ideologies and ing of the coke machines to the Commons and the

their ways 0f thinking Will be mOId- like evils. But look to the past. Was modernizing of the kitchen. All that’s needed now

ed by your personality. F‘rlghten- it not ever so? This disrupted state is a knife to cut the sandwiches.

ing? It should be. That’s a big re- the world is in is nothing new. >

sponsibility for anyone to face. And It is up to us to change this. Our EARLY SPRING CLEANING

face it we must. generation is next m “he to lead Seems one has to shuffle his way through the want
I'm not advocating a grand cru-- and command. We will soon be ads llowadﬂys 1“ order to find a notice on the Inter-

sade of the “take up thy white models for the generations to fol- SOTOllW-F‘i‘ntelllliy bulletin board. How about it,

banner and follow me” type. Far low us. More than that. we will be Campus CommlSSlon. clean the "bull" board or else

from it. Much of this so-called “cru- their teachers. d p'OVlde allOthel' Olle for the councils.

sade” will be waged within yourself. Henry Brook Adams once sai . . . .

Ask yourself a few pertinent ques- “A teacher effects eternity; he can “filing:gmhgﬁgﬁoﬁ'm  1.

tions. Are you interested in teach- never tell where his influence ty glum a‘s the lea ue haveglglsu gwdmg 100k limi-

ing? Do you how: any realization stops." I ask you to remember only teams_two of themg from Sstwt 8 llowyll to three

of the individual responsibility of q this: The future must be built on championship the Trojans f_“ e'Tr n“ 7“} won the

teacher? Are you an open-minded the past. It is up to us to build Pajama India'ns (Sien'm waif?“ moi/1 fit?“ allduihc

individual or have you already set- well, so the generations to come will to the limited mqn )ov‘ver .. U n ,  (:“Ejue' hm due

tied down into a. comfortable rut ﬁnd sturdy foundations for their draw SO wha‘t ‘lverc  [‘eyd“e“3. owed to With:

of your own digging? Are you aware building. ' ' ' ‘ C 0 0‘11” WAA maybe’

_ ON THE BIG “4’ '

. I Rivalry is like an old gym outfltr—it has a distinct
7% In 7h 70%

aroma when kept around too long. It is the product
By SY SEMMLER

  
 
  
   
 
  
  
    
   

 
   
 
   
  
   
    
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

of frustrated women who during the Wﬂl‘ had to be
content chasing banners. Doing away with Big 4's
was the first step in getting rid of this poor playboy's
flillg at college life. Let‘s keep them away and stop
giving each il'osll class an excuse for an overabund-
ance of blue probation slips. A two week period, pre-
venting the dragged out EllTilll‘S of previous years.
would allow for an ample display of talents and
would tend to strengthen a college rather than a
class spirit.

Reuben Merchant and His Moun— Don’t forget about Sarah Vaughn
taineers. who will lend the fcstivi- and Nat "King" Cole accompanied
ties from 7 to 9 pm. on All-State by Si-llll Kenton and his orchestra
Day, October 9. in Brubacher's clin- who will appear in person at the
ing hall may be previewed by square RPI Field House, October 15, at
dance and folk dance inns every 8:15 p.m.

Friday evening ironl 8:30 to 11:30 It “nears that the Delaware

p'm' at S" Paul's Pm‘mh Hull' 79 TllCiltClI‘ltlt 290 Delewnre Avenue is QUESTION 0'“ THE WEEK

My Street . , taking the vacated position of the Wlliii l‘iilt‘s (lo we waive LU(I11_Y'.".’?????
me D‘i‘A Afﬁliates me making Colonial Theater which didn't open

m‘mngemcn.“ LO reserve a block of this season. Albany lll‘t‘il lnovic go- —

ﬁggéﬁé‘ésoﬁoi:gig?) [3823;122:2131Peé; el's will be able to View the better C  C I d

“llfmfgsi Wiggly,“fugg‘wfée 13313333 33:35ng ‘iii‘t‘i‘tni‘f ~-‘i‘i‘..- Iiiiii‘h‘. o 999 a e" 0’ ' ‘ '

il(  .‘ .'  . , .. ,,.

Laughton. Hill'dwlckt‘. and Mool'e- wmu' hummi’ Al“ Gunmchh'

head should sign up on tile D&A

 

 

"Hus Anybody Seen My Gill" and Hun/“q ()("l‘ulg'qu w

bulletin board in llusted for it sent the technicolor “ivory Hunter" are 12:30 pm, Kappa pl” Kum)“ “ml SCAGS 51mm“...
on me chum-rod bu}; to the, RPI billed at the Madison till'ollgli Sul- Pl'ot‘pggm- (3, I], “Ohmsun' DIM)...- 349.
Field House lll 'I‘roy. lll'diu’. 7:30 p.111. lVCl“ meeting. ilrlllmrln-r.

 

SUNDAY. ()("l‘tllililt it!
e . t. 12:15 |).lll. SMILES trip to (.‘utsklll (iilllli‘ l“itl’lll.
mm W Ii to ti il.lll. ’l‘ilul‘low open house.
MONDAY. (it"l‘tlltldlt IR
1", a... mum" oil too often does “or 3:31) pin, Distributin- l‘itltlt‘lllltlll oi'gnlllziltloll lllt't'l.-

As it Lrnnsi‘cr student. to State, l l“(ll‘ wllut‘.’ Wind. could these boys lllg, Nl'W Draper 1-17.
lull shocked at illt‘ llltllllt‘l‘t‘ilt'tl ol' pillsslbly ‘gll‘lll l'l'olil slli'll llll lit'lltlll‘”. THCMMY' “(HI-0mm H
the oilldt'ili billll' “01'”. “I’m” 1‘ H", “mm,” 1", “mm” “H “in” il.1itl ]l.lll. Al) l’ilus. Pugi' Aluiltin'llllll
bonlbslli'll which has Just. burst li‘i‘lillk ill llllVllll; (lillll' illi‘ illilli.
right on Illl'll' own campus. The sll- lllllll'r WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 15
unllon to Willt'll l rotor is the lor- Wlll‘ll l illi’kl'll llll lll-‘v'i WWK’o l-‘l‘ 12 noon Ht'A (illnpel. l’ul'k Uililt'tl l’l‘i'sin'lcrniil
lllntlon oi Alpllll Pl Alpllli, [minor our of lllt‘ State College News, l mun-(.1, '
ly (iuinmu Clitlllll'l' oi tln- Kilppu wus unmm-tl lo we the spare l-ilVl‘ll 7:30 pm. liic “muting. lil‘llbni'llor.
llvltu mm nutiollul l'i-uim-nity. to such in story. it story which is

lloul Nt‘Ws. 'l'lll‘tft‘ lilt‘llt'h‘ Willi given THURSDAY, (it"I‘OlilCK lti

'l'llo tl2 ex-lllclnbul's of Killi ill' to John Zollgl'olle's li-ltel'. wllilo till 12 lloon SCANS invvtliig, liropi'l' :lllli.
(icmi llilVli llll’ “Bill: i” ll“ lll‘llllil ill entire column was devoted to tilt“ ll p.111. I‘itlllt'tllltlllili Program, Dr. Iii. lit-inns.
themselves for trying to uphold the most minute details of Activities speaker, l’ilgi- l-iull.
democratic principles upon which (Continued on Page .‘l, Column“ ll ll-lll- PULL” (illlli Silltlkel‘.

 

 

 

STATE COL-LEI NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER ‘IO. 1932

run

 

 

A. 14801 at State Will Face Plattsburg,

By ABEL BLATTMAN

 

Soccer has come a long way since
some Anglo-Saxons used to kick
around the head of one of their less
fortunate captives. As a sport it has
developed the complexities and ﬂ-
nesse that our major American
professionalized athletics possess.
without the corresponding com-
merclalizaticn in the amateur ﬁeld.
But, what is most important. in
our humble opinion. is the fact that
collegiate soccer is an extremely
colorful game. And one of the most
colorful of all the men on the State
soccer squad is Red McCormack.
both on and off the ﬁeld. The big
raw-boned Red Head is every inch
a competitor and hustler, and to
see him in action. representing
:State College on the athletic field,
is one of our biggest thrills since
-entering the institution.

The Red Head's genuine modesty
concerning his athletic prowess may
result in the end of a long friend-
ship between us, but his ability not
only makes great copy. but deserves
recognition and acclaim.

We don’t wish to infer that the
State Varsity Soccer squad is a one
man outﬁt. It is a. team, and a good
team. in every sense of the word.
'The squad is a well moulded. classy
unit that is worthwhile watching.
It is a colorful spirited aggregation
that more than deserves our whole-
hearted support.

Hats Off Dept.:

to the two frosh IM football
teams in the Dorm Field league for
their fine showings. and good
sportsmanship displayed thus far
this season.

to the Brooklyn Dodgers for their
stirring bid for a World Champion-
ship.

Question Dept.:

What’s the scoop on the Men's
IM football setup? One man sets
up the league and does a good por-
tion of the groundwork and than
another is chosen to replace lxlm.
Our question: Why?

’I‘HEA’I‘RE

. PALAGE ALBANY

NOW SHOWING
JOHN WAYNE in

“THE QUIET MAN”

 

 

 

Steelers Roll Over Summit House Freshmen For I3-O Victory;
Fox, Bennett, Walker Lead APA To 25-0 Win Over KB

Today. the IM football league will
feature only one game. The Finks,
who have yet to take their initial
win, will clash with once beaten
KB. The game on Beverwyck be-
tween undefeated Potter and SLS
has been postponed. Monday night
Thurlow will meet the Commuters
on Beverwyck. Due to the Myskan-
la-frosh soccer game, the APA-
Summit House encounter has been
postponed.

Wednesday. October 8. the Steel-
ers rolled to a 13 to 0 decision over
the frosh from Summit House. The
Steelers tallied in the ﬁrst half on
a pass from “Sig” Smith to Chuck
Derwin. In the second half, "Lem"
Smith raced around his own left
end to hit pay dirt. Jerry C'line and
Pat LaClair played fine games for
Summit House. On Beverwyck,
Thurlow forfeited to Van Derzee.
APA Defeats KB

Tuesday. the APA steam roller
racked up its second win. APA end-
ed up on the long end of a 25 to 0

Students Enroll
For Swim Class

Registration is still open for those
interested in taking the Red Cross
course in Intermediate Swimming at
Hackctt Junior High Schcol. In or-
der to sign up. the applicant must
fill out one of the forms found on
the bulletin board in lower Draper
and take it to the Red Cross Chap-
ter House. 10 Englewocd Place. or
send it to Marie DeSeve '53, via stu-
dent mail.

The intermediate course includes
the fundamentals of the arm and
leg strokes. the coordination of one
stroke. elementary backstroke. swim-
lning under water. treading water.
the running jump and the standing
dive. The Beginner's course now be-
ing taught at Public Bath 3 teaches

'the basic fundamentals of swim-

ming, floating and diving, while they
are perfected in Intermediates and
endurance is built up.

 

 

(‘ome and join us at TEMPERANCE TAVERN,
it's not a cave, canyon or cavern,
But rather our snack bar at Brubacher Hall

Be with the crowd; “Get on the ball!”

 

Campus capers
call for Coke

Tllcl‘c's Ilcillaln in the
stands when the team is on
n llltil‘t‘ll to the goal. Keep
things going! Rcl‘l‘csll now
and then will) a frosty

bottle of delicious Coca-Coin.

romeo UNDER AUTHORITY or me coca-con commv av
ALBANY COCA.COLA BO’I'I‘IJNG CO.

 
 
   
 
 
 
 

"Coh"l| a registered trade-mark. © 1952. THE COCA-COLA COMPANY

 

score over KB. APA capitalized on
several blocked kicks. Jim Fox
glue-ﬁngered end. snagged two
passes in the end zone. and Jim
Bennet also collected an aerial in
pay territory. Bill Walker. passer
and quarter back for APA raced
around left end for the fourth tal-
ly. Again this week. Jim Bennet
played an outstanding game. Al
Brown also starred for the victors
on defense. Abel Blattman and Bob
Sturm were the standouts for KB.
In the Beverwyck league, the Com-
muters forfeited to the Potter Club.
Finks Bow to Steelers

Monday on the Dorm Field
league. the Steelers handed the
Finks a 12 to 0 beating. Bob Dreher.
ﬂeet-footed halfback, scored in the
second half on a ﬁne exhibition of
broken ﬁeld running. Chuck Der-
win furnished several key blocks
which climaxed a long downfield
march. Again on Beverwyck there
was a forfeit. This time SLS fell
victim to Van Derzee.

KB Beats Summit. House

Friday, KB managed to beat out
Summit House 7 to 0. KB took an
early lead with as pot pass from
Blattman to Sturm. This same com-
bination clicked for the extra point.
Then Summit House settled down
and played air-tight ball to the
end. The frosh seemed to lack the
scoring punch.

In the league standings. Potter
and Van Derzee are undefeated in
the Beverwyck league. APA holds
the league lead on Dorm Field with
a two wins-no loss record.

Games Start Eearlier

James Fox ’54, manager of the

IM program announced today that

Coach Hathaway Cells
First Hoop Practice

In preparation for a tough twenty
game schedule. Coach Merlin Hath-
away has sent out his first call for
basketball candidates. The first
practice will be held on Tuesday
afternoon at 4:30 pm. in Page Hall
gym. This call includes men try-
ing out for the varsity and JV
squads.

 

All men interested in trying out
are to see Coach before next Tues-
day to arrange for a physical ex-
amination and to ﬁll out a personal
data sheet.

 
 

the games will start at 4:16 pm. so
that they can be finished before
dark. Fox also urges that the
teams check the MAA board to see
when they are to furnish officials
for the games. Under the point sys-
tem (2 for a win, 1 for a tie, 0 for
a loss) a team will lose 1 point if
it fails to furnish an ofﬁcial.

This year there will also be a
four team play-off. The top two
teams in each league will play for
the IM Football crown.

 

Suin’ W44 Medan

By DOTTIE MEHAN

 

The first women's inter-collegiate
playday of this season will be held
one week from tomorrow. Saturday,
October 18 in Saratoga. Skidmore
College has extended an invitation
to participate to State's women.

All the arrangements have been
ably taken care of except one. The
only problem arises is: Can State
ﬁeld a team in so short a time?
Taking into consideration the num-
ber of hockey enthusiasts among
the ranks. we personally feel very
certain we can produce a very ﬁne
team if we have the cooperation of
those girls.

Co-managers. Zoe Ann Laurie
and Marilyn Wittschen have ask-
ed anyone interested in going on
the playday to be on the Dorm
Field at any or all of the following
times: Monday and Thursday at
3:30 pm. and Saturday at 10 am.
They will then pick the team that
is to face Skidmore and arrange for
practices.

We've noticed a few freshman
girls who show experience and
prowess with a hockey stick and it
begins to look as though we won't
have as much trouble replacing
some of the dependable standbys
who left us in June.

Congratulations are due “Iggy”
KomanOWski for the very excellent
job she's doing as manager of
C'heerlcading. The response from
the freshmen has been better than
usual and "Iggy" is devoting a lot
of her time to teaching them the
cheers and the style.

Remember. if you're interested in
Cheering, check the times listed on
the WAA bulletin board in lower
Draper. You must have 10 hours to
be eligible for a squad. so get them
in now. If you aren't interested in
cheering squad. you can still get
10 hours of credit towards a WAA
award in the spring.

Champlain

Queens College
Bows To Pods

For 3'0 Defeat

Jae Garcia’s State soccer team
will try to keep its winning streak
intact this weekend as they travel
to Plattsburg State Teachers Col-
lege this afternoon and to Champ-
lain College Saturday. Last year's
fine State team trounced these two
teams 4-2 and 4-1, respectively, and
since this year's team has shown
very well at home. it will probably
have a successful trip.

The soccer squad turned in its
second straight shutout victory last
Saturday afternoon over Queens
College of New York. The game was
much closer than the 3-0 score in-
dicates since both teams had hard-
driving offenses which gave the
large crowd a lot to cheer about.
Strong Defense

The deciding factor was the out-
standing defensive play of State’s
Ben Button, Jack Hughes. and goalie
Pete Telfer. It is interesting to note
that no scoring shots have been
booted past Telfer in two games.
The scoring punch was delivered by
Al Cannon. Tom King, and Red
McCormick.

Prosh Bolster Team

Once again the newcomers to the
team looked good as Hockmuth,
Snyder, and Hughes played import-
ant parts in the victory. Some other
soccer “comers” are due to get some
experience on the Junior Varsity
which Garcia has organized to serve
as a nucleus for future State teams.
This J.V. team will play a schedule
of about six games.

With two impressive wins under
their belts, the State team appears
well on its way toward another suc-
cessful soccer season.

 

Gawmcd' ram

(Con fill mad from Page2, Column 3)
Day. and space was abundantly giv-
en to other articles concerning
campus gossip.

It was not even editoriallzed! Are
the editors of this paper asleep?

Is this a daily occurrence? Do you
find fraternities on every campus
which are willing to give up their
name and tradition for such a
reason?

We of State College should be
proud of these boys—should praise
them—admire them—should brag
about them to all our friends—-
should let their story become
known. and not just stiﬂe it at its
beginning.

Alice Mashoian ’54

Editor’s Note: We are not asleep
or even dozing. The news referred
to in the above letter was treated
in accordance with the express
wishes of the leaders of APA. wish-
es with which we saw fit. to com-
ply. Our action in no way reﬂects
lack of proper appreciation or rec-
ognition of the actions of the
members of that fraternity.

 

til-3 x 11

ERASABLE

Sl’itt'lAi.

iiillltlE'l‘ IIOIllJt‘VAIIl)

 

REGULARLY 67c

Limited Supply At

STATE GOLLEGE 00—0P

00-0P SPECIAL

Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. ONLY
TYPEWRITER PAPER l

EAGLE A TROJAN BOND
SUBSTANCE 16
ltlt) SHEET BOXES

A'i‘ 

ANI) (‘O-Ol’ CORNERS

 

 

. m . . y: vwr'mw‘isﬁb'uiawmman

9%"
i

 
 
 
  
   
  
 
    
     
          
     
     
        
         
 

    

