 

not a

To I56  .

Each year as State’s students return to college,
they find themselves greeted by a new vitality and
freshness of spirit which accompanies each enter-

ing frsehman class. This year’s class is no excep-~ -_
tion. You, the Class of 1956, are unusual in many 

respects. Numbering some 425 strong, you are the
largest freshman class ever to enter the- halls of
the college; you are the first class to wear the
purple and gold of State’s colors on your b’eanies;
you are the first group to matriculate under the
new curriculum system. Despite your distinctive-
ness, you are at present not unlike any group of
entering frosh in the feelings you have for your
new surroundings, your reaction to the strangeness
of it all, and your confusion at taking on the new
responsibilities with which college life presents you.
Once you have gotten through the first few weeks
and settled down to the routine activities of col-
lege life, we hope that you will look around you
and realize through all of its welcomes and recep-
tions State has endeavored to make you an integ-
ral part of its life and activities; that you have
much to offer to the college and more to receive
from it. You will undoubtedly find yourself look-
ing up to the upperclassmen for guidance and lead-
ership; however, do not forget that these same
upperclassmen who seem so wise and well-informed
to you now are looking down to you for the new
blood, the freshness of outlook, and the enthusiasm
so necessary to the revitalization and successful
continuance of State‘s activities and traditions.

Get Behind Itl

Once again this year State students will have
opportunity to obtain inexpensive insurance cov-
erage from Art Kapner, local representative of
Mutual of Omaha. For several years they have had
his opportunity. and for several years the response
has been negligent—so much so, in fact. that the
company has never made money on the policies
and last year stood a loss on student claims. The
results of last year‘s heavy drain on the company
have necessitated the changing of the policy to
the present form which Student Association en-
dorsed last spring. Kapner has estimated that for
the percentages of probable claims to be in favor
of the company, 800 subscribers to the policy are
needed. It would be to our advantage to support
this form of insurance coverage more extensively,
since. the more students who participate, the great-
er the percentages with the insurance company. No
company will continue to provide us with mod-
erately priced sickness and accident coverage while
losing money. At the time of freshman registration,
Kapner reported that approximately 300 students
had signed for the policy. This is far from the num-
ber of participants needed to insure maintaining
the policy at State.

Take It Easy

The new absence system which goes into effect
this year constitutes rcognition on the part of the
administration that the members of Student As-
sociation are mature enough to regulate their own
attendance at classes. ['se the system wisely and
with discretion and you will confirm the respon-
sibility the college has placed on you; misuse it.
take advantage of it. and you will prove yourself
unworthy of the privileges of mature and sensible
college students. It's been a long time in coming 17
let‘s keep it here!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916
BY THE CLAII OF III.

RATING—ALL-AMEIIICAN
VOL. XXXVII September 19. 1952 No. i

The untlergriulurito lll‘WHlHIllttl“ of the New York State (Enl-
iege for 'i‘oneheru; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS [loan] for the Student Arnociatlon.
IIAIIIIAIIA I'I';.\l'|‘2 - - - - — Etlltor-ln-(‘hlc-f
lIl'iVltI' lit). .I"\|h’lil - < - - - Editor
I'IS'I'III'III .\I.\\. KIN A — - Editor
"(I l‘) IllII‘:7.l.\HI(\ Ilelnllom. l‘ltiiior
I'ZIJZAIIE'I‘II I'l..\'l“l' - llolullmm I‘ltlllur
Alll'll. Ill..r\’l"l‘\l.\.V — - Hportu Editor
Dillth IlOIII‘lIt'IW A - - ~ Henlor Hporln \li-uiIM-r
.IOIIIHNE HKUI'T - liunlmmn-Advertinillu .lliumuvr
MAIN ELLEN MUM-lit - - - - t‘lrrulnllon \lnnuuor

 

    

(‘o-Alnnuklng
A - — ('o-hlnnnulng
- (‘o-I'ulille

(‘o—l'uliile

 

.III III I‘II. II tHHl \l.\ .\ - Exelinligo I‘ldltnr
.IiH't'I'J NI II'I‘I'lPi Featuri- Editor
IIII'Z\I‘J I'J illlll'ill .‘IIHII'III‘I' Ivldltor
SALLY ti ‘Iltlti .hmoeinti- Editor

t'.\’l‘lIEltINl'l I.\\i II - Annorlnto Editor
All communientiona should Iu' addressed to the editor and
must lie sign-qt Minion Will be withheld upon requost.
'l'he S'i'A’i'll t'til.i.i-Itil-i NEWS assumes no responsibility
Ior opinion.- i'xjti‘i'nm'ii in ilri columns or coinInunu-niions
.ln sot-n mph-«stuns do not nw'csntti‘il) reflect its View.

«a»:

 

 

sun comes les. FRIDAY. pursuant to. 1952

 

 

    

V II
o ’0‘ l.
' IN 7

..~ﬂ"
Amrrﬂﬁd

\l ""335 ?

cra
’ 915-52 3

gas!“

 

 

 

Wu 24ml Elam

 

According to the old biological
theory of “Use and Disuse" formu-
lated by Lamarack, to use one limb
to excess would tend to make it
larger in size and not to use it
would tend to make it smaller until
it would gradually disappear. This
theory may have been impractical
as far as arms and legs were con-
cerned. but when we look at it in
the light of the “Use and Misuse”
of college life and its opportuni-
ties we see that it may apply to
the college student in terms of in-
tellectual growth and emotional
stability.

When a person comes to college.
he is taking a major step ahead in
developing the use of his mind. He
leaves behind a fairly well beaten
track of friends and acquaintances.
and comes to a place where he
starts anew. One might say that
he ends the first phase of his life
and starts his second, because he
is not entering merely a new place
to learn facts. but an institution
in which his personality and mind

 

7m’ In 74- 7m
By sv SEMMLER

 

Radio Council along with many
others wishes to welcome the Frosh
(who still receive everyone’s atten-
tion).

Each week the Council publishes
TUNIN' IN THE TOWN to make
crca social events known to States-
men.

Sincc cIaSses have just begun, and
the fall season of social attrac—
tions has not. the current theater
billings are holding the spotlight.

The neighborhood Madison Thea-
ter is featuring James Stewart in
the technicolor film. "Bend of the
River". an adventure story of home-
steaders settling in California dur—
ing the Gold Rush. Co-featured are
the Bowery Boys in “Here Come
the Marines".

Beginning Sunday Helen Hayes
and Van Ilcflin will star in My
Son John" with the technicolor
“Denver and Rio Grande" as ‘1
co-t‘cnturc.

thu Ilayworth is back in "Affair
in Trinidad playing at the Palace
downtown until September 24.

The Albany Institute of History
and Art is showing the oil paint—
ings of Fletcher Martin. outstanding
contemporary artist of America. llil-
til September 30. Mr. Martin's war
work was published by Life when
that magazine ran a series of war
grout paintings during World War
i.

In the gallery Mnxlm
collection ot nineteenth century
American paintings is on display
to inspire the re-(iisoovery of Am-
erican Art.

For the sports fans Wnlcott meets;
Marciano at the Grand ’l‘heuter
September 23 for it bout that will
not be carried by TV or radio.

Kn rdik 's

By MARV CHERNOFF

 

can grow. He has a new choice of
acquaintances. He can pick them
for the things they can offer him
as well as for the things he will of-
fer them. much in the same way as
one picks a club or social fraterni-
ty to join. It is up to the student
to use this right of choice wisely.
not only in his college life. but for
the rest of his adult life. The en-
tering freshman today has a rare
opportunity that he is just begin-
ning to realize. Through all the re-
ceptions and welcomes, the regis-
tration and fee-paying. the pre-
college tests and the orientations—
a semblance of order is beginning
to appear. The real meaning of
college is starting to take form.

A person cannot achieve this
merely by studying books. William
Allen White once wrote supposedly
quoting Woodrow Wilson and sum-
ming up his life. "With God and an
intellect—what need I care for
man?” Well. as it was shown in the
last unsuccessful years of his life.
we do have need of man. because
this is a world of living. breathing
men and women. and not merely
books and facts. There is a process
of adjustment and adaptation to
which the new entry into this
world of men must become accus-
tomed.

During the four years in college
tUncle Sam willing towards the
men) each student has a chance to
gain new experiences. new friends,
and a new lasting maturity. The
aim of State's educational system
is to make a person a self-depend-
ent individual with a backlog of
knowledge and experiences which
will prepare him for the future.

For this preparation. State has
its own class system. A class sys-
tem determined by formal educa-
tion. Each class will have a great
deal to offer. The Sophomores will
clash with the frosh. but turn out
to be friendly enemies on the rec—
ord. The Juniors have the job of
a sister class—assistance and guid-
ance. And our solemn Seniors will
lend their experience. All of this is
done in an effort to make the froin
more than substitutes for the lust
leaving Senoir clnss——a new class
full of its own promise and poten-
tialities. The whole college is look-
ing at the frosh and wondering . . .
wondering . . . wondering.

The stnest way to achieve this
goal is to use. State College for all
it is worth to rob it of its know-
ledge and make it your own; to
partake of its activities, social life.
and friendships without. ignoring
learning. The freshmen are a little
green today. but in n few years they
will be running the school and well
coming the new freshmen. Misuse
State College and you hurt your-
self. Use it and use it wisely to
take those vitul steps ahead. Thom-
as Drazc once said that "Learning
is the eye of the mind.’ Let's see
it We can all go on with wide open
eyes.

 

gem-Sid»

By MITCHELL 8: KOREA __

 

HELLO

“How are ya? Great to see you back. Did you have
a. nice summer?" Just thought you would like to see
this, oh. too familar greeting in print. Anyway, we're
happy to see that all the upperclassmen arrived
even though no one was notified of the time.

CONGRATULATIONS

Hats off to the leaders and counsellors for making
such a tremendous success of Frosh Camp. Also, hope
that all those captains. lieutenants. and junior guides
with the pretty colored ribbons keep up the fine work
they are doing throughout the rest of the year.
Friendly advice will be just as much appreciated in
June as in September.

THE BREAD LINES

Well. if anything, registration gave up plenty of
time to meet old friends and to prove beyond a doubt
that more peoples' names begin with A to L than
from M to Z. It proved a few other things. too. but
why start slamming the administration so early in
the year.

OPEN SPACES

Notice that football has suffered a major loss with
the spreading of the cafeteria into the old Commons
No longer will we see the “swiveled hip" tray car-
riers looking for an opening through which to squeeze
their grapefruit.

LIVING it’s

With a frosh enrollment of 425. it seems that liv-
ing quarters were a little hard to ﬁnd. This argument
proved to be of no avail last June when the men of
St. Mary’s asked the administration to keep the
barrack open. However, We hope the present resi-
dents are as hard pressed for the low priced rooms
as were the former tenants.

CEMENT MIXERS

The road outside of Brubacher Iknown now as the
38th parallel) is coming slowly but surely. And. how
about all the new rooms with the fancy names lo—
cated on first floor Draper?

IN REGARD TO SPORTS . . .

State’s soccer team with Joe Garcia once more at
the helm is training diligently every day for its ﬁrst
game against College of New England on September
27. Any group of men who are so willing to de-
vote their time during these ﬁrst few hectic weeks
certainly deserve the student body's time at their
games.

We‘ also want to see as big a turnout as possible
for the IM football. Only with a good league can we
convince the administration that State has the men
and the spirit for our coming varsity.

OUTSIDE HOI‘ES

Wonder whether Student Facilities Board will pro-
vide a TV set in the Brubacher lounge this year
Could also go for the long awaited pool table. dart
board. and a little repairing on the ping pong tables.

Seeing as nothing has yet been done about the
All College Revue. why not try to work it in as part
of a winter weekend along with the “Winteriude”
formal?

With four real top notch presidents and a stronger
Inter-Fraternity Council it would be great to see the
State F‘rats throw a big IF dance. too. How about
that—State girls at State for a weekend?

Probably the most promising addition would be
the ARENA THEATRE. This outﬁt under Dr. Petit's
guidance put on three sellout shows in summer school
and gave students real experience in acting.

THIS AND THAT

Roughly half the school is lighting candles in
gratitude to Art Knpner. Only his notice arrived all
summer to assure them they hadn't flunked out . . .
Credit to the Snack Bar employees who during these
rushed few days worked 12 hour stretches not only
serving food but picking up the dishes conveniently
left on the tables . . . With the addition of a new
fence on Page Field, it looks like only athletes and
midgets cut campus . . . In a few years, how will
you tell what class someone is in at Moving-Up Day—
with the new uniform I)eﬂllleS-—Wlll they carry dif-
ferent colored canes? . . See you at the All College
Reception

QUESTION 0!“ THE WEEK . .

Did you know that Campus Commission no longer
regulates hand holding on campus.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

l"ltll)A Y. SEPTIC MIIEII 19

3:30 pm. Newman Club Reception at
Newman Hall.
12:35 pm. Enrollment Meeting for Dri-

'l‘ralnlng Classes
Hosted.

MON IIA Y. HI‘ZI"I‘El\rlIlEIl 22

Room 150.

3130 p.111. Orientation Class in Page
Hull Auditorium.

WEDNESDAY. HICIVI‘l-JMBER 24

12 noon to 12:35 p.111. Rivalry Committee Meeting

Room 300, Draper.
'l‘llllltSliAI’. SEP'l‘IiMIIEIt '85

3:30 p.m. Pun Amigos Reception in
Brubacher Hall.
7:30 pm. Inter-Frat Council Meeting

in Brubacher Hall.

 

 

 

O ;
Dclers

 “éii‘f'ini Ui._S. .j

 . a w 3 2.

KRUWi'lelniorm i'
Interested Graduates

. .. ..1 in. ' . .. I .
Five}.,w men’s collegesLof Oxford
Unlversltyqare,prepared to admit a
limited»..nu‘mber of American stu-
dents. .The committee on selection.
set up by- the American Association
of University Women at the request
of these colleges. will receive appli-
cations, interview candidates. and

forward credentials to Oxford.

Completed applications for ad-
missionxinOctober must reach the
International Relations Office of the
American Association of University
Women by October of the year pre-
ceding entrance.

To be eligible to apply for Hon-
ours B.A.. candidates should have a
Bachelor of Arts degree and must
be willing to remain at Oxford for
two years.

Interested persons may obtain
further information concerning this
plan 'by consulting Vivian C. Hop-
kins. Assistant Professor of English.
or by writing to the International
Relations office. American Associ—
ation of University Women, 1634 Eye
Street. NW. Washington. D. C.

Kapner Offers

Insurance Policy

Any student who has not obtain—
ed his insurance policy is requested
to see Arthur Kapner, local repre-
sentative of Mutual of Omaha
which sponsors the policy, at a table
outside the Commons, any noon
hour. during the next. two weeks.
The price of the insurance coverage
is $25.

Kapner has explained that the
policy now being offered differs
from last year’s policy in that pay—
ments are arranged on a schedule
baSis. For sickness or accident. the
company will pay $3 per doctor's
visit starting with the first visit.
The policy also covers medical bills
and prescriptions and provides $10
for operating room costs and
x—rays. $40 for sptcial medicines. up
to $150 for surgery. $15 for ambu-
lance l'ees. and up to $100 for dam—
age to sound teeth.

Department Displays
Modern Italian Art

The Art Department. headed by
Ruth E. Hutchins. Assistant Profes-
sor. is offering a display of Italian
art in Draper. :erond floor. I

Examples of Italian painting oi
today are found in the wall display
of Chirico‘s works. This contempor-
ary artist was prominent in the
1920‘s. and his Work typifies modern
Italian art.

Interested students will also find
representative works from the
Italian Renaissance. 1300-1800. in
the case display. The paintings of
(iioto. a famous artist of this period.
are featured.

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

I’IIARMACIS'I‘S
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

"ATl‘s COBB!“ ~ms.- FRIDAYS 5| P'I'IMIERCI Q'J'll .8!

  Sponsors ‘  Fulbright Grants

To Admit Contest-lo Find Glitter, 

New Dramatists

The Illinois Theatre Guild. in
connection with the 1953 Festival of
Contemporary Arts at the Univer-
sity of Illinois. is sponsoring its
second annual new play competi-
tion. The winning play will be pro-
duced by the Guild as its major
contribution to the Festival. Travel
expenses and accommodations at
the University for the final rehears-
al period will be provided for the
winning playwright. '

All scripts must be submitted to
the New Play Committee. Illinois
Theatre Guild. University of Illi-
nois. Urbana. Illinois. before Octo-
ber 15. 1952. Only full length, non-
musical plays which have not been
produced will be accepted. Manu-
scripts must be typed in standard
play form. and each script must be
accompanied by a stamped. self-ad-
dressed enielope.

The judges will put the most em-
nliasis upon originality in content
and form. They reserve the right to
choose no winner if, in their opin—
ion. no script is submitted worthy
of production. The committee Will
not be responsible for the script or
other original material. All ques-
tions should be submitted to the
Chairman of the New Play Com—
mittee at the above address.

 

Missing Trunks
Abound ln Bru

Have you seen some bewild-
ered Railway Express men car-
rying trunks around with no
apparent destination? Pity them
—they are probably searching
for an entrance to Brubacher.

It seems that the girls in
Brubacher dormitory are having
to wear borrowed clothes, while
the ltailwaymen vainly attempt
to find an entrance to the Hall.
If some brilliant Expressman
does find Partridge Street. he
invariably bears a trunk belong-
ing to someone living on third
floor. Ontario. And then the long
haul . . . and the tired feet.

So. don't be frightened if you
see a girl wandering around the
school. wearing a skirt that looks
long enough to belong to her
grandmother. or a blouse that
would fit her roommate better.

 

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

IV‘RA'I‘EILNITY JEWELRY

Badges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts Faun
Stationery Programs
Club I’lns Koyl
Medals Trophies

Write or Call
CARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, N.Y.

Tclphone Troy —— Adams 82563

 

l
.L

 

And Money."  To Provide Funds.

 

.- we l."
The petite girl in the llghtb lue,
sari sat poisedand ready to tell all
about Pakistan and,her first im-
pressions of America and State.

Ratty Cooper. a graduate student
attending State on funds from State
Fair and a $100 contribution of the
Junior Class. is from Lahore. Pakis-
tan. Ratty attended Cathedral High
School in Lahore. Aukland House
School. and received her B.A. from
Sacred Heart College.

Ratty began studying the piano
at the age of six. After taking year-
ly examinations until the age of fif-
teen. she took her last exam two
years later and became a qualified
music teacher.

Upon receiving word that she was
to come to America to study. Ratty’s
first reaction was one of “extreme
excitement." She is here on a leave
of absence from Lawrence College.
where she has taught for three and
a half years.

After a month's voyage on the

IFC To Discuss

Finances, Rules

An Inter-Fraternity Council
meeting will be held Thursday at
7:30 pm. in Brubacher Hall. The
agenda of the meeting calls for re-
vision of the constitution and the
setting up of a budget for the com-
ing year. announces George Small-
ing ‘53, President.

Smalling has also announced oth~
er officers of the organization. The
vice-president is James Finnen, sec-
retary. Robert Sturm, Juniors; and
treasurer, Richard Wood ’53. Sen-
ior Council members are Robert
Giammatteo. Robert Sinkledam.
Henry Koszewski. Abel Blattman
and Paul Ward. John Hanevy. Hen-
ry Berleth and John Zongrone are
Junior Council members.

Deans To Address
First Frosh Meeting

Orientation classes will begin
Monday at 3:30 p.m. in Page Hall.
These classes are compulsory for all
freshmen. ‘ ,

Dr. Ellen G. Stokes. Dean of Wo-
men. and Dr. David Hartley, Dean
of Men. will address the first meet-
ing. The topic will concern general
information about the college and
extra-curricular activities. Press
Bureau will distribute questionnaires
to the freshmen.

 

(‘orner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125

FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE

(‘ollege Florists for Years
Special Attention
for

Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

opportunity to becomei‘i-a'cQuainted
with many. Americans and-‘fiearned
a lot about the U. 8.. Ratty landed
in New York City. Her first reaction
to our largest metropolis was .sheer
bewildermeht. In Pakistan there are

Dri~$how To Engage 
In'Study Through Ian

Application blanks fOEethprgh:
' ‘ w ave here. Scholarships may now 0 a e
no large cities such as e h from Dr. Edward P. Shaw, Page”

According to Ratty. few Pakistan sot of Modem Languages and mi.
women go to Work. and, for those bright Advisor. in Room 339. Appli-
who do. the positions are limited to cations must be made on or before
those of a doctor. nurse, or 'steno- October 31, 1952,
grapher. Even women teachers are Dr. Joseph Leese. Professor of Ed-
very few. “Women here have more ucation. who has carried on research
individuality than they do in Pakis- in cooperation with the Capitol
tan." says Ratty. “A Pakistan Wom- Area School .District. Association.
an is first the property 0‘ her W?- has been awarded a Fulbright schol-
cuts and then of her husband." A arshlp to engage in research in pro-
woman waitress. according to Ratty. grams of public’ education. (at the
would be unheard of in Pakistan. University of Bergen, Bergen, Nor-

wa . .

Ratty feels in“ the, cusmms' Opportunities are granted for ap-
dress, and electrical gadgets in Am- proximately eight hundred Amery.
erica reflect American practicality. cans to undertake graduate study
The Pakislan woman’s sari! She abroad under the Fulbright Act.
points out is not intended for work. Twentytwo countries, including
Burma, Egypt, France and Japan
are available for such study grants.

The awards will enable students
in all fields of graduate work and
those with specialized research pro-
jects to study in foreign institutions
and universities under renown pro-
fessors and specialists. Grants also
are available to students with rec-
ords of acccmplishment in such
fields as music. art. architecture,
and drama.

The Fulbright Act authorizes the
Department of State to use certain
foreign currencies and credits for
students with records of accom-
plishment with specialized research
projects and those in such fields as
music, arts. and architecture.
Grants are made for one academic
year and generally include round
trip transportation, tuition. living
allowance and necessary books.

American movies are extremely
popular in Pakistan. but. unfortu-
nately. they give a very false im-
pression of the USA. In Ratty’s
own words: “To the Pakistani. there
is a lot of glitter, glamour. and
money in America."

The friendliness and good fellow-
ship that Ratty has seen here have
induced her to feel that the ex-
change of foreign students is more
conducive to understanding between
nations than “all the politicians sit-
ting'around a table in the United
Nations."

Newman Holds

Frosh Reception

Newman Club will welcome fresh- r .

men and other Catholic students at LOmbafdl Announces

its annual reception to be held this . . _

evening from 8:30 pm. to 11 pm. Fusf R|valyy Mecung

in Newman Hall. at 741 Madison ,»

Avenue_ Rivalry Committee will hold its
first meeting of the year Wednesday

from 12 noon to 12:35 p. m. in Room

200. Draper, Joseph Lombardi '53.

Chairman of the committee has an-

nounced. The purpose of the meet-

Rev. Richard Dineen. Professor at
the College of St. Rose. Chaplain
of Newman Club, as well as Cath-
olic members of the faculty will be
present to greet student guests, ac-
cording to Patricia Butler '53. Presi-
dent cf Newman Club. Refresh-
,ments will be served.

for its work during the coming year.
All class presidents must be present.
according to Lombardi.

 

TheWELcOME'Mat
is oui at line EGO—0P ‘-

surprisespf the
is the

Among the

new college year new

college store. It’s twice as big
and twice as good. You are all
invited to drop in and see the
many c h a n g e s. Remember,
book lines are taboo with our

convenient arrangement.

SERVICE

 

YOUR

ALWAYS A'l‘

 

 

mo}; ANN ‘Kuuqlv
1.1.1113 “no.1 lnlltlﬁ 0“

EilLii'I’ EINOII-I'JI'II'LI.
UNI.I.N1?Jd AILIIIO'UOH
AILlN'lliilJNUuI MDEI’I’IUL)

ShldAiL rl'lV
uy.‘
313]“; d

ssoid goigdeg

BREAKFAST

 

 

 

Wager

CAFETERIA

DINNER
MIDNIGHT SNACKS

REASONABLE PRICES
161 CENTRAL AVE.

LUNCIIES

Stilt [r at [are

 

 

FM. 8 ,;.

ing will be to organize the committee

 

 

 

.I. =_.

“President Polk. where-‘ehdi‘hhd the   

'i— mwsnuns... ._

 

 

