sea 4

Assameseweno .

A 16.5   nerd-isle“

‘.wu:m:v:£‘f.“'; 

szﬁdéxn r» ‘

l-d'

, me.

 

 

swat-oats): rematazxrsmmumwamwm.v_

 

 

1,

PAGE I

r

. ‘ ~—-Ir_* i
The. Home Stretch

As the sorority women of State move into the
ﬁnal week of rushing, the tempo of their activities
quickens as they attempt to win fresh women .to
their reSpective organizations. With bids being is-
sued a month earlier this year, the pressure is
doubly apparent, both on the fresh women as they
endeavor to evaluate the attributes of the various
sororities, and on the members themselves as they
attempt to get to know the women of the Class
of ’56.

For several years now, sorority rushing regula-
tions have been in a state of change as Inter-
Sorority Council continues its efforts to ﬁnd a
workable system. The fact that this year’s rules
have evoked complaints is nothing new, nothing
unusual. There will always be those who are hurt
by the application of a rule set up to govern their
rushing activities. However, let’s not lose Sight of
the fact that it’s not the rules which make the
rushing atmosphere. It’s the attitude of rushers.
No regulations will control attitudes. .

The freshmen women are at present in a state
of concern and confusion, and well they should be,
for the joining of a sorority can be an Important
factor in later college life, especially if the wrong
choice is made.

Sororities must engage in rushing if they wish "

their organizations to continue in existence on cam-
pus. We feel that, basically, all sororities would
prefer to rush on a basis of friendship and mutual
interest, rather than for quantity alone, but we
realize that many sororities are forced to look for
members in order to insure maintaining their
houses. Just don’t let numbers come ﬁrst. Base
your numbers on your individual needs and de51r€§.
not on how many someone else is getting. ‘There's
little honor in quantity when the quality lies else—
where. Lastly, don’t be caught up in the last min-
ute rush to get fresh women at any cost or to jOll‘i
any sorority which offers a bid. . .
No sorority is better than one which you Will
later regret having joined; fewer members who are
attributes to your organization are better than a
houseful you will later regret having pledged.
Most of you will agree to this, but now is the time
to consider these facts, not after bids have been
issued. If you’re not sure, it’s better to wait.

Spirit Or Spite?

There seems to be something in the competitive
spirit which uniﬁes classes, and, on this basis, strong
arguments may be advanced for the existence of
Rivalry on our campus. However, this spirit of
competition also seems to develop naturally a split
of varying intensity between the two lower classes.
It is not this natural split which evolves from com-
petition in organized rivalry events with which we
take issue here. Rather, we question such perform-
ances as were seen and heard in last week's as-
semblv. Beanie snatching, booing. and hissing are
not evidences of a healthy competitive spirit. if
these occurrences are any indication of the feeling
which has grown up between the two classes, we
call upon you, Sophs and fresh alike. to re-examine
your actions. Words will do little if you are happy
with such goings-on, but we cannot help but won-
der if the strong-arms who conducted Wi‘t‘slilllg
matches over irosh beanies last week really en—
ioyed the reactions they got; if those who led the
booing and hissing sections were pleased with the
atmosphere they created.' Rivalry, as an institu-
tion presupposes competition, agreed; however, we
believe that ii that institution is worthy of the
importance placed upon it, it also ought to pre-
suppose an attitude of friendliness, an atmosphere
of sportsman-like conduct.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILlIHID MAY lDIO
IY THI CLAII 0' III.

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVI! November 14. 1952 No. 9
.yiciiilicrs of the NEWS staff may In- rt‘llll:ill'li 'llucmliiy
iiiiil \i'i-dncsday from 7 lo ll p.iii. iit 234.30. Ext. 1|.

i'litllll‘Ki i’ciicv. 24inch; lthiiiiiiiin. 'J 0710: Koszuwskl. tl H527;
MilVllkll. hllsillliﬂ; lli‘i-uliialiy. il‘J-tiH‘i‘J; illiill.".' 541..» I
'l‘hi- undergraduate licWH|Hi|mr of the ‘an’iork hliiii- loi-
ii-gi- for 'l‘viicIn-i‘u. published every l‘l'lliliy of tho (oi cgc
i'ciir by the NEWS lloiird for tho Hiudcnt Aan'iufioh.
humans i-mcn - - - - - - - - Hilltor-lII-‘(Jiiof
Iil'l‘lllh' litli‘iZl‘l“ NIH (‘o-Munttuliig Editor
I‘IH’I'IIEE MAYAKIH - - - - - - (‘o-Miumgliig Editor
"(ENE llllEZINHlii’ - - i‘o-l'nbllc Itclutlonn Editor
Elil'IAliE'l'll I'LA'l‘T - ('o-l'ulillc “lilt‘illlllln Editor
Alil’il. liliA'l‘TMAN - - - - hporlu Editor
- - ~ Honior Hporiii Member
- Iiuulnnun-Adiortbdiig lilo-mum
- - ('irculutioii Manager
Exchange Editor
li'outun- Editor

minis Iltllll'lil’l‘i‘ ~ -
Jtililllh‘li HKOP‘I“ -
MAIHEIJJCN‘ MOLEB -
\ll lilKl. WOOOMAN .
JOYCE HII‘Ii'r‘lél-‘l‘ - - - - - - -
;."‘i.lli ---«--
 illtltlti - s — - Annotate Editor
(‘A'l‘lll'llil\li LV-‘H‘ll - - - - - - Anaoclulo Editor
.\li voniiiiuiilciilions should In» lllllil‘t'NNl'li to lift! editor and
Hills! hc xigiir-il Names will be within-id upon rcdiicul
'i‘hi- S'i‘A'l'l'l ('Ule‘illl-l NEWS iianuiiica no responsibility
for opinions cxprcuwd in its column» or i'Ollililllllii'll'ilulu;

Auociuto Editor

as lucli expressions do iioi tit-count“! “‘“Wl 1” "WW-

I'I'A‘I'l coma: news. FRIDAY. Novmnn 14. ion

Mme Kala

 

 

 

“ . . . and his initials are in it so I won’t large! who he is!”

 

704,2

 

For nearly four years, I have
heard constant gripes about com-
pulsory assembly, sports (or lack of
them). cut systems, Myskania. pop-
ularity contests, infrequent partici-
pation in any conceivable activity,
“arty” factions. dirty rushing and
strong groups making a conserted
effort to undermine the less strong.
Well. griping is essential. but as yet.
the only thing we’ve been success-
ful in as a result of the griping is
a small time smear campaign.
Lack of Interest?

One thing appears completely ll
logical—very few constructive re--
sults have come from this seeming--
1y exceptional displeasure. The big
question that comes to my mind is
—why so little conserted action
about affairs that cause unrest?
The only answer I can find is lack
of interest and more definitely. lack
of interest in our college life as it
is set up.

The Class of '56 is thought to
have a great deal of spirit. pep. in-
terest. Why. then do as many as
60 freshman women leave campus
each weekend? Why were there only
50 fresh spectators at the rivalry
football game? Why are there so
few ireshmen tiyouts for organiza-
tions. Since these things have been
evidenced in each freshman class.
the fault. not being peculiar to just
one class. must be something broad-
er than class—perhaps school.
Calendar. Friendlincss‘?

First. we have a full social cal—
endar. but apparently the social
calendar doesn't include the at-
tractivc types of events that will
draw people out. Maybe it's too full
new and we should allow for more
unorganized activities. Anyway.
many ‘56'ers go home on weekends
Another answer to this mass migra-
tion would seem to be lack of
friendliness on the part of the up-
per classmen. The sorority rushln'i
system would certainly add to this
unfriendly idea. Sure.wo'rc beaming
all over the place till ’7 or until
some afternoon from 3 to 5 when
some Greek group is having a sit
to. Why can't you mix with fresh-
men then if they're not at the iif—
fiiir? It must be confusing and dis-
heartening to seine one eager to
adjust and lead as nearly average ii
life at college as he or she did at
home.

Not Enough Variety?

Another answer to our sporadic-
iiliy attended extra-curricular events
problem might be. that not enough
variety is provided A ski club. cy-
cling group. t.v. club might be.
some additions. Then too, we have
Activities Day as a facility provided
primarily for freshmen and trans-
fers to join cxtrii—ciii'riculur activi-
ties.

Lack of lnforniiitlon‘.’

On behalf of the organizations.

1 would like to offer this argument.

Fl‘flb‘li camp. Orientation. and teas »

provide the. freshmen with pertiiiiiiit.
information on the extra-curricular
life of the college. However. this

By RUTH DUNN

can't be all we need if our turnout
is so poor. Perhaps upperclassmen
are at fault for not making their
activities sound attractive enough
to draw in prospective members or
participants. Perhaps Activities Day
is held too soon for prospective sup-
porters to know which activities
they wish to join; however, how are
the fresh to get in that all-impor-
tant year of activity testing and in—
terest centralization if they do not
begin until mid-year or later?

Only about 40% of our students
participate extra-curricularly and
of those. about 62’”, are leaders. You
ask why this is and people tell you
they haven't had a chance. cliques
form and run everything. That's
one helluva'n excuse! Still other
ex uses are: ‘We don't have time."
“why betlier?", "This is high school
stuff."

Picfessional vs. Liberal Arts?

This last remark recurs too often
to be overlooked. For a number of
years. all through high school. we
hear stories about colleges that dwell
on the social rather than the aca-
demic phase of college life. Natur-
ally. when we arrive. we find that
o..i' college set-up is a far cry from
Cornell, Syracuse. etc. Maybe this
is why we lose interest in our col-
ie 0 life or non-college life. as you
will. Maybe it would be wise to have
women allowed in iiicn’s group
houses. to have beer served at fra-
ternity houses. to have men in
women‘s r ’lOlllS at appropriate time‘ o
to have television in women's group
houses. These things seem orthodox
even if we are a professinnl school
and liberal arts school combined.

However. we should remember
that as a. State supported institu-
tion. there are some ivy league do-
ings that we cannot enjoy.

This article perhaps seems to be
so much gripe! I don’t mean it to
be. I just would like to have an
inkling of an idea as to WHY Lili‘
luck of interest or perhaps some-
thiiig even more basic.

Do They Exist?

it is my opinion that these are
some of the problems of our col-
lege community. If there is not suf-
ficient belief that these problems
exist and sufficient iiitcresi. in solv-
ing them. then nothing can be
done. But. ii‘ there is illtei‘ust—"lci.'s
see it!

A group of interested people is ul-
rciidy anxious to look into tlicsre
problems which they believe to exist.
However, if they continue to hear
nothing from the student body.
llicy will be forccd to assume that.
students do not believe We have any
solvable problems. that they arc
satisfied with the existing situations».
and to drop the matter. Through
this group. the opportunity for con-
stl'llctlvc in'ipiiig is offered once
more. 11' anyone has an idea or a
partial answer ()1‘ is just interested
please. please drop me a note or
the NEWS and let's see if we can't
take a step in the proverbial right
direction.

I Gem-31¢!»

ALI. QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT

Is someone offering a course in sign language???
It’s a sure bet that it would be a money maker at the
moment. Beginning Sunday and lasting for ten days,
sorority gals will be snubbing (for official reasons
only) you fresh. This is open rushing???? (Somebody
has gotten fouled-up somewhere). But. don't givo up
"Greeks." you can always resort to smoke signals.

LIBERTY. FRATERNITY, EQUALITY

It looks as though the movement is on to change
our Student Government and Myskania has bowed
to the will of the masses. Next Tuesday the rapping
of the gavel may mark the beginning of a new era
at State College. Myskania has done a good thing in
trying to bring these criticisms to the foreground, but.-
we think that they will ﬁnd few people who would be
willing to back up their criticisms with a little work.
It seems quite evident to us that the main reason
people want to change is that they are too lazy to
go to assembly on Fridays. Thus. the conclusion may
be drawn that those who want a change are those
who don't care about what is going on regarding
Student Government. Then, when we do change it;
will be these same people who are the first to squawk
when things don't seem to be going right. Therefore,
we say. if we sincerely want to change our govern-
ment, let's reorganize it completely and not add a
few things here and subtract a few there. To these
who would change for the good of the school. we say
good luck in your endeavors. i

LEFTOVERS

The curtain goes up tomorrow night on the Milne
Senior play, “You Can't Take It With You." directed
by wally Goodell . . . Wonder whether the adminis-
tration believes in legal holidays . . . Is Campus Com-
mission going literary on us? Note the lilting rhymes
in the Commons . . . Hats off to SUB for their fine
job on “Autumn Whirl." Suggestion is that next year
it be held on Campus Day Weekend . . . Where did
the clock go that was in the cafeteria? Speaking of
clocks, the Draper Grandfather Clock has been tell-
ing us that it’s 11:23‘A- ever since school began. Ah.
to have time on your hands . . . At last. here's a
chance to prove that an honor system would work.
The Student Union has been given 100 books by the
American Association of University Women. They’re
yours. read them; but return them . . . Debate Coun-
all has gone one step ahead in improving international
relations by arranging to have British Debaters com~
ing to our Campus December 9 . . Let's have a,
remodeling of the Recovery Room so that the girls
can come out feeling better than when they went in
. . . The Co-ep is going all out for the Christmas sea»
son . . . We wish someone would get busy and get
rid of the furniture that will soon be rotting away
iii the lowor pcristyle between Husted and Richar'l-
sen . . . Can't something be done to make the Com—
mons a little easier to get into from the Husted
peristyle? Open the door into the lower Richardson.
mcve the coke machine. or both. so we can at least
get into Our Commons without being crushed . . .
Soon the call will be out for help on the All-College
Revue. Now is the time for all who want the name
of State in lights to get busy and do something to
make it so. You wanted it. new you have to support;
it or it will fall ilat . . . The fresh and Sophs deserve
a big hand for their overwhelming spirit shown in the
Rivalry events. More power to them ! l ! . . . We see
that some propie do read this column—You can now
pick up your extra copy of the Times. Thank you. Co-
op . . . Don't. forget to darn your socks rind attend
the Soc-Hop tonight. See ya! . . . Don't forget. dolls
only a casual greeting . . . l

 

 

QUESTION 01“ THE WEEK
Who has the largest feet in State College???????

 

College Calendar - - -

 

li'ltlDAY. NOVEMBER 14
8 p.m. Soc Hop. Page Gymnasium.

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 15
12:30 p.in. Rivalry Buiincr Hunt.

SUNDAY. NOVEMBER l6

3 p.in. Phi Delta Faculty 'l‘en.
3:30 pm. Bi'ubiiclicr Faculty Ten.
8 pin. SMILES Meeting. Brubucher.

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 17

3:30 pm. Wrestling Club Meeting. Page Gymna-
sium. ‘
'l‘i'youi.s for iiiiilcc liorus parts in “M'ku-
do," Richardson 28. I
'l‘ryouts i'oi' men's leads in "Mikado."
Richardson 28.

3:30 l).l11.

4 :30 pin.

'l‘llESllA Y. NOVEMBER Ill

10 ii.iii. CASDA meeting. Brulnichcr Lounge.
1.! noon Music Council Rccord Hour. Richardson
28.

12 7:30 pm. (L‘ocd Tumbling. Page Gymnasium.
ii [).lll. Vui'sitv  Club Meeting. Bi'ubuclicr.

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 10
7:30 pm. l’uii Amigos Mcctiiig. lii'iibuclicr.

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 20

12 noon CASDA Meeting. Brubaclier Lounge.

7:30 pm. Social Calendar Meeting. Room 1. Stu-
dent Union.

 

 

meV;.Wsz-sv: . n r- r '

Grineli Requests

Original Scripts
Cbliegc Program Plans
Series Of ‘1'3-45hows

Students and'faculty members .are
invited to submit 15-minute radio
scripts "of an intelligently patriotic
motif." 'with those selected to be
paid for at $100 per script, to Her-
bert Prescott. Director of Public Re-
lations. Grinnell College, Grinnell.
Iowa. This information has been re—
leased by Edward J. Saboi. Coordin-
ator of Field Services.

The Grinnell College radio play-
ers, directed by Prescott. plan a se-
ries of 13 shows under the aegis of
a National Association of Education-
al Broadcasters.'F‘und for Adult Ed-
ucation. grant. In the past few year;
the group has world - premierei
nearly 50 original scripts. many of
which are contained in three com-
mercially published books under
Prescott's editorship.

Scripts should be submitted in
standard form and may be in prose
or poetry. Those sending scripts
should enclose a stamped, self-ad—
dressed envelope with their submis-
sion. All materials in proper form
will be carefully read, and rejected
scripts will be accompanied by a
check—form appraisal.

 

7mm ’ 9n 7/14 70am
By sr SEMMLER

 

Billy Eckstein. Count Basie. and
George Shearing. blind pianist. are
scheduled at the Mid City skating
rink tonight at 9 pm.

“You Can‘t Take It With You"
will be presented by the Milne Sen-
ior class tomorrow in Page Hall at
8 pm. The Seniors are selling the
tickets at $.75.

For jazz fans. the Jazz Apprecia-
tion Society is bringing Ralph Sut-
ton and the Eddie Condon Band to
the Jazz: Band Ball in the Ball Room
of the IIorcl Ten Eyck November 16
frein 3 until 7 p.ni. Tickets are $1.80
at the door.

The shadows of the College of St.
Rose will entertain you with the
comedy. “The Wild Goose Chase" to
be presented ill the St. Rose Audi-
torlum at 3:15 pm. Sunday and at
8:15 pm. on November 1'7. 18. and
19. Student tickets are $.50.

Vincent Price will enact the Devil
in Bernard Shaw's “Don Juan in
Hell" November 18 at the RPI Field
House. Charles Laughton will not
appear because of illness.

Since the Quartette has memor—
ized the text. they will appear to be
reading Shaw‘s prose directly when
actually music stands are before
them.

According to producer Paul Greg-
ory the principals play their parts
“as iiiusicitin-uctm's iii a symphony
of cascading ideas."

Opening night at. the new Colon-
ial Playhouse is November 19 with
the first performance of “The Af—
fairs of State." Student reductions
will not be given opening night.

At 1400 on your dial tomorrow you
will hear music and patter about
Jerome Kci-ii wlicn Radio Council
presents "Musically Speaking," from
2:30 until 3 pm.

The Danish National Orchestra
under thc baton 01' Thomas Jensen
will perform at, the RPI Field Housi-
Noveinbcr 23 at 3 pin. in the second
concert. of llic scusoii.

“Never 'l‘iikc No For An Answer"
will show at the Delaware starting
tonight and running through No-
Vcinbcr 20. Dennis O’Dcny niid Vii.-
tci‘lo Miiiiuiitii will star in P iul (.‘uil-
lico's story taking place in the Vail-
can.

our: cause: u:ws.~rntpAY. NOVEMBER i4. ma

The Royal Couple

 

can! .a‘

' Civil Service . Brubeci'ier Hell ‘
. .~ . Schedules Tests Arranges Tee
In College Series For State Faculty

The Civil Service Department of Brubacher Hall will hold 1 Pac-
the state of New York will be tak- ulty Tea this Sunday, November 16.
ing applications for the 1963 college from 3:30 to 5:30 who stat” Mar-
series of examinations for entrance .101‘18 Alqum ’53. House Pruident.
prozesslonal and technical Jobs The aﬂalr Will take place in the
accounting posts, and public admin- lower lounge. General Chairman of
istration internships. College Sen- the tea is Gertrude Smith '54.
iors and current college graduates In charge 0‘ mvnauom 1. Zoe
ale ihe “‘0” 3mm“ an" f0” the Ann Laurie '65. Arrangements chair-
oienings, but all college graduates man ‘5 Ruth Richter .54 Other
“’m‘ the proper qualiﬁcations "my committee heads are Refreshments
compete- Patricia Gehrt and Louise Daley.
I Seniors; Hostess. Jeanette Robinson
'54; Clean-up. Beverly Wales and
Jane Ide. freshmen.

Engineers and accountants wil
find the most openings. There are
also vacancies in the ﬁelds of biol-
ogy. chemistry. mathematics. eco-
nomics. statistics, library science,
law. and psychology.

 

0M Maui 0de '

Public administration internships
In State service are also available.
These positions offer an excellent Beginning With 8" 111511 “381‘
entrance opportunity for young men fantasy directed bv Lee Ketch,
FEET-en l:Vhopehijlve baa trained f01' Tuesday’s one-act plays got off to
in wor ex rence ng em or
and who want careers in public ad- a go“ Start Though the “Dust”?
ministration. The applications will is no” it ‘5 truer intended for Sta"
be acepted up to December 5. The performances, we believe that there
date for the written examinations is SlliﬁClent lntﬂESt in the varying
is January 10, 1953, quality of individual performances
to justify mentioning them. There-
fore .

 

 

Excitement and eagerness ﬁlled
the air at the “Autumn Whirl” last
Saturday evening. After rugs had
been rolled up and furniture had
been moved. Brubacher Lounge be-
came the scene of the ﬁrst annual
soccer dance.

"Who would be the soccer queen?"

Spanish Group
Will Hear Talk

Pan Amigos will have a meeting
Wednesday. November 19. from 7:30
until 10 pm. in Brubaclier Hall. an-
nounces Irene Brezinski ‘53. Presi-
dent. Tlic main feature of the meet—
ing will be an address by John Hall
Blackburn.

Bla'kburn. a resident of Albany.
will speak about his recent travels
in Europe. At present, he has a. ra—
dio program on station WOKO at
7 pm. Monday through Friday. The
ri'egi'am is called “The Voyager.“
and is mainly an account of Black-
burn's travels. Pan Amigos will hear
about his personal experiences and
general impressions during his stay
on the island of Mallorcn in the
Mediterranean. A short business
meeting will precede the lecture.

Art Department Reveals
Deadline For Exhibition

’lhc deadline for students to sub-
mit photographs for the photo-
graphic show is December 1. an-
nounces Ruth Hutchins. Assistant,
Professor of Art. Entrics should be
placed in drawer 54 01' fire cabinet
outside Room 208. Draper Hall.
Photos should be no smaller than
three inches square. Pictures arc to
be placed in an envelope with the
name. address and class of the ex-
hibitor. Photos may be submitted in
six different categories: landscape,
people, animals. industrial. labora-
tory, sports. and news.

The current art exhibit will be
on display until Monday. November
24. states Miss Huicliins. The exhibit.
consists of reproductions of nine-
tceiith and twentieth century paint-
ings. chrcscntiitives of contempo-
l‘ill'y Frciicli. Spanish. and Ameri-
can Art. include Broquc. Vlniiiiiik.
Dui'y. Roulut. Cczuiiiic. Picasso.
Gi'oppci'. Brook. Marin. iiiid O‘Kcei'c.
The paintings arc done in oil and
water colors and range from realism
to abstraction.

 

(icoi'gc i). .lcoiicy & Solis

i’hoiic 62-0116

Hadeaacﬂ Ga/ei‘wu'a

liii'i (‘ciiii‘al Ave, (.‘or. Robin

Albany (3, N. Y.

was the qiiestion en the minds 6r   

the dancers as they waltzed around

the lounge waiting for the corona- I B H

tion to take place. Everyone wonder- n   
ed who woutd have the honor of

reigning from the green throne
banked by baskets of pompous.

Miss Byrne. outstanding through-
out, was especially good at mood
contrast; Miss Stein came forth
with the best dancing we’ve seen
on State College stage; Miss Shee-

Second warnings from Myskania ter gave an uneven but highly prom-
and the banner hunt comprise the 1311113 Performance? While Miss

Finally the big moment arrived. rivalry news this W'fek- $252; ‘3'}: “gamma égirggzeﬁlgg
D - '- .- '
    or      individual 
£3.88“me other than Barbara Committee, Elizabeth Piatt '53. has fOImances. those of Misses Byrne
Law who was “nervous but proud” released the names of thme fresh- and Stemv the Permrmance “5 9'

' men who have received their sec- Who” did “03 eﬂecnvely commum‘

King for the day was Dean Strick- _ ,
land. co-captain of the soccer team. and Winnings for onenses' They “6' Gate the heightened 11.0"“ upon
. Barbara Dezendorf Barbara Gltlow wmcn the play dependsv the “to”
Miss Law felt the most difficult Arm) G 16 d Wm, m Ur uharb’ were not always moving m a com_
raft of being the ﬁrst soccer queen 5,, .r f a? h,“ kq, ' men direction. This failure may be
was keeping the news secret for a If we 5 tme t S wee n as: -t1 u 'b t
vh 1,, e k . d, m , scinbly. apologies will be given by. 133‘ -V a n “ ed to the may use"
2‘01? ~ W 9 Place 113 ‘3 COIOUa' Samuel Kurchmak, Robert Smith and its steadily lessening appeal for
- and Arnold Schonberg. modern American audiences and
. partly to the directing.
Smiles To Take The Palmer. Hunt has we” Schéd' Two things troubled us special-
. “19d {0’ Sam’day fﬁlez‘go tdoi 4.5330 1y: one was an occasional difﬁculty
Kids To See Santa angers  33...... pp  a stigma“;
‘ . ‘ .ec; an e 0 er was e no
A meeting of all SMILES inem— ifsélfhghuiofpalloﬁgge: ﬁfltgeédmi of real emotion at the climax—we
lzcrs will be held in Brubachei- Hall 1, hyend 3 oints Logmmdl SE S simply weren't very terrorized. Both
Sunday evening atil p.m., according 105 m s p ' y" the semng and the lighting are
to Doris Doherty '53, Chairman of desel'Vmg or 59601111 Praise-
SMILES Phys Ed Clerks To Issue
Janice Smith's play, the second
SMILES is taking children to see . E . of the evening. was a British light
the arrival of Santa Claus at the Gymnastum qurpmcnt comedy a,ny acted by Herb saffrom
Whitney's Parade Saturday inorn— and Elaine Stryker. As the young
ing at 9 am. Interested people are There will be Physical Education man, Mr, saffron was generally
requested to accompany them, cicrks on duty {01' the issuing and good, m 5mm of his tendency to
Those who went to go are advised receiving 0‘ equipment. and for at— be overly conscious of ms move-
to contact Douglas Nielsen '53. tending to leckers and lecker busi- mam, Miss Strykel" too, was excel-
iicrs. They will be found at the floor lent; we ﬁnd her stage presence
01‘ balcony 611d 0f the gym in Page and fine pacing a pleasure to watch.
Hall. or in the Physical Education Both players, however. were a in.
offices. tle weak on volume.

Committee Seeks Scripts
For Ali-College Revue

Tlic Ali-College Revue Committee The Clerks M0 Joseph Stella '54v This play achieved quite well
has requested that people begin sub- “11d Ralph Morgan '56~ They Will be what the other did less successful-
iniiling scripts for this i‘orLliconi—O 0“ dUWI ly—unity of effect.
ing production. The only require-

. ... ‘. , Daily—12:10 to 1 pan. (except
llltliiS .iic that they piovide tuo Tuesday_n:30 am. to 12:30 pm.’

hours of" entertainment with n. .

. ' . ~ Daily—2:35 to 5:30 pm. Monday,
l .‘ . . .
t mail of plot 01 ii dominant tlicini. .,, an 51 l Fm ‘.

The committee would like as many
sii'ipts as possible. and urges ev- Daily—2:35 to 4:30 p.111. Tuesday
ci'rono to start writing. Questions and Thursday.
.iic li‘it‘llt.(i io F‘iunces Hopkins 54. Eammay__9 ﬁlm. to 12 noon.

a member of the committee.

ll. F. lienikel & Son|

PHARMACISTS
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

Capitol Press
P R l N T E R S

ALL TYPES

COLLEGE. MATERNITY
SORORITY PRINTING

TELEPHONE 4-9708

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
Phone 6-8010

170 South Pearl Street
Albany. New York

 

 

 

 

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

li‘liA’l‘EllNl’l‘Y JEWELRY

You May Siili Purchase
STUDENT MEDICAL .

liiidgcs Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts Favors
Stationery Programs  
(.‘lub l’ius Keys
Medals Trophies WHITE 0“ CALL

Write or Call
(.‘Altl. SORENBEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford. NY.

Adams 32503

ART KAPNER
75 STATE ST. 5-1471
'i‘cipiionc 'i‘i'oy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

