  

 

 

~1‘

-...m.»m.m.-.—.w+ec~ .

 

 

 

PAGE 2

I I

High Fmancel

The discussion on the proposed Student Facilities
Board budget in Assembly last week brings to our at—
tention one of the major weaknesses of our present
governmental organization—lack of centralization of
power. While this weakness is evident elsewhere. we
deal with it here only in relation to the control of
finances. Two weeks ago in this column we cautioned
SA to consider, in thinking about the revision of the
government. whether our difficulties lay in the sys-
tem itself or in student handling of the system. In
this case, we are very definitely of the opinion that
the fault lies in the system, and strongly recommend
that necessary steps be taken to alleviate resultant
confusion.

As a result of questions which were left to indivi-
dual members of SA to raise. specifically those con-
cerning the re-appropriation of money for black—
boards and the appropriation of money for replace-
ment facilities, the News attempted to conduct an in-
vestigation to determine the answers to a few of SA's
questions. We wanted to know how much Student Fa-
cilities Board had spent under its last budget, pre—
sented in late spring of 1951-52, and for what. We
discovered: Student Board of Finance has only a list
of SFB's expenditures—they don’t control the Facili-
ties Board; the Business Office has only a record of
checks drawn by SFB—they have no control over it.
Upon checking vouchers in the Business Office, we
discovered: SFB spent a total of $5,328.02. this sum
including such items as ashtrays. checker boards,
’chess sets, and cards. all of which are up for replace-
ment under the present budget which comes from an
organization whose constitution states that it shall
use money for initial costs only. In an attempt to de-
termine if all of the appropriated money had been
spent (blackboards in mind), we then consulted SA
minutes for the total of the former budget. We dis-
covered that the total budget read $4595.80, and, fur-
hter, that it was presented as a lump sum, without
lines! Unfortunately, the records of Student Facili-
ties Board were unavailable. If our information is
incomplete. we ask to be corrected in order that SA.
as well as we. may have the necessary answers. Our
point is that Student Facilities Board is responsible
to Student Association and ought to be more closely
controlled by it. True, this board controls a fund, but
that fund was established by taxing former students
of the college for many years. SA has just as much
right to question where this money goes as it does
how money raised by current taxation is spent by or-
ganizations. True we need some of the items which
conflict with constitutional clauses. but we are of the
opinion that a constitution is set up for a purpOSe
and cannot be disregarded for convenience. If SFB
wanted to secure these replacement items for SA, it
should have altered its constitution. Since it didn't.
it ought to have returned these items to SUB because
it could not legally handle them. It seems ironic to
us that the proposed budget went through two boards
and Student Council before SA finally discovered
constitutional difficulties in it.

If Student Facilities Board can bring to Assembly
a budget which is their budget in none and not be
prepared to defend it; if SUB which drew up the bud-
get can be present only in part, and then have those
members present capable of defending only portions
of the budget; if any organization can propose a
budget containing lines which conflict with its own
constitution and not have them questioned until this
stage. we have the makings of a financial mess on
our hands! Why is SFB so different that it does not
need usual budgetary review or the approval of SBF
for line transfers? The answer to that one seems to
be only that it was set up that way. We maintain
that this is a fallacy of our constitution, that all of
our finances ought to be under one financial agency
which would be empowered to review budgets, all bud-
gets, investigate them, raise questions before they are
presented to SA. and then be prepared to defend
them. If we want sub-boards for dealing with dif-
ferent types of funds, all right. but we. need one cen-
tralized agency at the top to be responsible for pro-
tecting the interests of SA In all financial matters.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING — FIRST (‘LASS

 

VOL. XXXVII November 21. 1952 No. 10
Members of the NEWS sniff may he reached 'I:ll<'.\||ill‘
und \l'u-dnesiluy from 'i' In ll pm lll'::I:l!1I. _I-.xi._ l
l’honi-s: i’cucv, '_' 33:10: liiuiimun. ‘.' 0710. l\o.~.7.l~y\_si§i_ Ii M117;
.\l.lt)'llklii, \0 0312; lirI-zlusky, ii: 057:. l'lnll, ‘_’ .mL.

The umlcrgrmiunic neu‘slmpcr of the New Yuri. Hilll‘n t'ol-
icgr- for 'I'n-nehcrs: published every I“I'lt|lll\ oi Iln- tolh-go

ycur by the NEWS liourd for the Slum-n! Associullon
BARBARA I'EACE - - - - - « - - l‘ldttor-in-Chlof
HENRY KOSZEIVHRI - - - - - t'o-.\Iunuglng Editor
ESTHER MAVAKIH - - - - - - (‘o-Mnnuulng Editor
IRENE ItllICZINSIIV - - - ('u-I’uhlle Ht‘llllltillu Edltor

Elll'llAllE'l‘ll I'LA’I‘T » - - t‘u-I'uhIIu Relation» Editor
AIIEI. BLAT'I‘MAN — — - - - « — - Sports Editor
DORIS lHlIll‘lR'l‘Y - - - - - > Senior Sports .‘INIIIIN‘
.IOIHJINE SHOEI’ - - IIunImmu-Alliortlnlng Miumuur
MAIN ELLEN MOLER - - - - - ('Irculution Munuuur
)Il‘ItIEI. \VOOI).\I.\N — - - - - - - Exellunuo Editor
.IOVI‘E HI'R’I‘EH - ~ - — - - - li'ooturu~ Editor
IIH‘lNM ICIJIHMI) - - - - » - Amour-huh Editor
RALLY GERIG ~ - - - - - — Associate Editor
(‘A'I‘III‘IIKINI‘Z LYNI‘II - .hmoclutu Editor

All coinluunicuiions should in- lllll'l'i'HNI‘tl In line t'llllnl' itini
inns! lu' sign-«l Minn-s will lw wiihln-lil upon requoui.
'l'hI' S'I'A'I'I‘l l'UI.I.l'lHI‘Z \I'HVS :Ihsllilii-u Illl l‘t'npOIInlIinli)
for opinions expressed in its columns or cuinlulihicuiions
.Is such expressions do noi necessarily i'i-i'lr-cl ll.» vch

 

«0-2

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 21. 1952

Minnie ’4 (iced

 

 

 

 

 

"What are we going to do with you?

flanking half your courses."

This report shows you‘re

 

7/te Japan/lite Raced/ed

By ANITA E.

New York's my town. Don’t tell
me about it. you who take the ex-
cursion train down on Sundays,
spend a few hours absorbing culture
and depart for comfortable homes
elsewhere. You can‘t even begin to
know New York until you’ve crossed
the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan
at dawn, and seen the mist slowly
rising from the East River. Until
you’ve wandered around Canal
Street. stepped over bums lying on
the filthy pavement sleeping off
their drunk, until you've been close
enough to smell Mott Street, where
a cutthroat beggar will sell you a
pair of second-hand shoes, while
not more than three blocks away.
the heart of the jewelry district
beckons the gem—lover like Mecca
beckons Mohammedans, you haven't
seen New York.

New York's the center of contra-
diction. Have you ever passed thru
the ﬁnancial core of the country,
down Wall Street. where the big-
gest bankers and insurance brokers
have their ofﬁces and felt the pulse
of business in the air? Or have you
wandered at random thru Little It-
aly, where the streets are brightly
lit at night and dirty naked chil-
dren run wild during the day? Do
you know what it feels like to see
Chinatown, with its narrow. smelly
streets and turn around and look at
Tiffany's on Fifth Avenue where the
streets are wide and the buildings
so white you think of an alabaster
city and the people look like Es-
quire ads?

Have you ever seen the city wake
up? The big delivery trucks crowd
the market district; men are loading
and unloading sides of beef. crates
of fruits. huge pans of baked goods.
that's when to get your bread hot
and when your new-paper still
smells of fresh ink. It's so early that
parked cars on the street reveal
lovers still locked in u clinch. while.
the moisture condenses on the wind-

LILENFELD

shield.

Let New York ﬁll your blood
stream, breathe it in. the smell of
gas from cars, the dead ﬁsh odor
from the Hudson. the tang of sour
whiskey, smoke. ten thousand dif-
ferent kinds of foods. and the scent
of clover from Central Park. Smell
the dust around Eighth Street where
the book center is located. but when
you start smelling flowers. you know
you're approaching Greenwich Vil-
Inge with its big old-fashioned
brownstone houses and the quaint
window boxes where the pansies
grow.

To even get an idea of my town‘s
infinite variety, visit the garment
district on the East side; boys push
dollies loaded with dresses bound
for the most exclusive shops in the
city; little knots of men gathered
here. a larger group over there—
and if you could hear them, you‘d
recognize the accents of the Jews
and the Germans. One man is yell—
ing about the price of silk. three
others are interrupting with mut-
tered remarks about cotton. some-
one else is cursing the nylon market,
or the quality of recent shipments
of wool, satin and rayon.

But don‘t stop now! Hit the sub-
way. I couid show you a New York
that never ﬁnds its way into the
travel folders. I'd take you 2.0 the
East Bronx. to the tenement houses.
where the plaster is off the walls
and you use the stairs at your own
risk; where you can‘t sleep at night
because the Pucrto Ricuns are knif-
ing the Italians on the street below
and the Negroes and Irish are at-
tucklng each other with broken beer
bottles.

New York is more than a city. It's
u living. chnihing phenomenon that
can't be reduced to paper. Do you
who live in big rumbling houses, or
on forms. or just uverugc homes up-
state. do you dare to say you know
my usphult jungle?

 

7W’ 9» 7/13 70%
By sv SEMMLER

Recorded works of Vincent ‘i'ou-
mun will come to you over the 1111'
at 1400 on your diul whcn Radio
Council presents "Musically Spunk-
ing" tomorrow from 2:30 until 3
p.m.

Ice skating inside iii the RP! Field
House hus begun this year. This
week's schedule. is 'l‘uesduy, Novem-
ber 25, from 12 noon until 3 p.m.
with an ice Dance in the evening
from 0 to 11 p.m.; Friday from 0:30
lo 11 pm. and November 30 from
3:30 to 5:30 p.m.

A J. Arthur Rank production. and
u spy—thriller. lhc Britiin film, "High
'I‘rcuson" is billed at the. Delaware
through November 26.

 

 

 

Gmnéoahanl
To the Editor:

I‘d like to throw it wordy bouquet
io un organization on campus that
functioned lust Tuesday for the horn
eilt of SA in general. and tiiui‘s to
the I) and A Al'iiiiutcs.

’i‘hrongii their orgunimd efforts to
sell tickets to "Don Juan in Hell."
to charter buses. and to keep inter-
ested students posted on time M'IINI-
nice. the Affiliates mode 11 really
easy for many of us to hour the
First Drumu Quurtciio perform in
Troy.

1 upprccinicri their interest and
consideration us, i think. many oth-
ers did.

Sy Scnunler ’54

 

amen-Shae

By J. KOREA 1!: R. HUGHES __ __,__

 

MILLIONS FOR DEFENSE BUT NOT
ONE CENT FOR TRIBUTE

Today is the day—the hour is 12:30—the place
is Page Hall—come and spend your money. We have
everything you could possibly want—blackboards
(moveable at thatl, plastic cards, ping pong tables,
checkedboards land checkers too. maybe), chess sets,
radio phonographs and so many more items that we
couldn‘t possibly attempt to mention them. Not too
much information is available about these tremendous
buys, but let’s get in there and spend anyway; we've
got the money and it‘s burning a hole in our pro-
verbial pocket. $17.000 is a horn of plenty—it car.
never run dry: but if it does we can always go out
and pick up another wad.

IINACCEP’I‘ABLE

The whir of the machines is slowly fading away as
the seven groups of Greeks begin to relax. The deci-
sion now rests with you frosh. But . . . with 155 gals
out of 259 getting bids. we wonder why ISC didn't
think about raising the quotas this year. Maybe
something can be done this year so that there won't
be as many unhappy faces in the ranks of the class
of '57 as there were around the halls last Monday.
On the subject of sororities—a word to you fresh
females: just because you join different organizations,
shouldn't mean the end of some of your other friend-
ships.

SCOOP

The Page Opera House tonight presents the Stokes-
Peterron Concert sponsored by Music Council. Here's
your chance to be a ﬁrst nighter without paying. iIt's
free! And~—don‘t forget to check the dates that the
Don Cossack Choir is coming, plus the "Mikado" by
Gilbert and Sullivan.

HALF-BAKED

Gripes. gripes, gripes—remember you were the ones
that had them. What happened at the Myskamn.
Forum on Tuesday night; 18 people were present. 11
of whom were Myskania members. Now that it's cer-
tain that Myskania is interested la member presented
one of the 2 plans) what happened to the other 1538
people who are supposed to be interested in Student
Government. If you aren't going to do anything to
back up your gripes—then keep your mouth shut!

WHY??

Why don‘t more people attend Student Council
meetings and see the people they elected in action?
. . . Why do some of you act like stubborn mules when
someone politely asks if he or she could get through
the cafeteria congestion? . . . Why is the only hot
water in the school in the drinking fountains“? . , .
Does anyone krow who told the Co-op how to spell
College? . . After seeing your Ped picture, don't.
you think the camera could be lying just this once?

. . Why do you have to go through so much red
tape to arrange to use an activity room at Brubzu-hcr’.’
. . . Where are the Ped Supplements? . . . When will
the victrola ﬁnd its way back to the Commons‘.J . . .
Why did only 0 Sophomores show up at the banner
hunt, was it too wet or were they afraid of getting

trampled by the frosh’.’ . . . How long will it take
the Seniors to return their Teacher Placement. fold—
ers? . . . Will Wednesday ever come???’.’??

BUSY BEES AND D's

Rumor has it that 103 frosh got 300 warnings and
that the “Warning Blues" will soon be hitting the.
top of the Hit Parade. This may be an answer to
last week's article concerning our supposed disinter—
est 111 School nifairs. The current question seems to
be. is there too much emphasis on e.tin-curricular
activities?

ANSWER OI" THE WEEK . . .

It was throuin the kindness of the iulministrution
that We will all be well on our way home on Wednes—
day afternoon instead of Thursday morning

 

College Calendar - . -

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 21
5 p.m. Sororiiy Buffet Slippers.
8:30 p.m. F‘uculiy Concert. Page Hull.

SA'I‘I‘RIIA'I’. NOVEMBER 2?!
'7 pm. Sorority Formui Dinners.

Sl‘NliAY, NOVEMBER 23

3 p.m. Newman Club Holy Hour. Vinceniinn
Grotto.

3 p.m. Pierce Hull Open House.

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 2-1
7 p.m. SCAGS Buffet Dinner Dance.

’l‘l‘ESliAV, NOVEMBER 25
0:30 pm. Al) Piuys, Pugc Hull.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER :50
12 Noon 'i‘hunksgiving rece~s begins.

'l‘liESlMV. DEt‘EMBl-ZR .'i
0'30 p.m. Winter Conccrl. (‘lmncelior's Hull
0 p.m. English EVcning, Brubuchcr Ilull.

THURSDAY. llEt‘l‘liVIBER 4

12 Noon Senior Ciuss Meeting. Room 20, lo discuss
Graduation.

7:30 p.m. Signum Laudis Banquet.

STATE COLLEGE ris‘ws’ ‘FR‘I’n‘AY; NOVEMBER" '2"i.""1952

 

   



 

 

gain/wig, My,“ League. B Lead APA-TEEP Tilt Hoihowaymen

By DOTTIE MEHAN

 

Maiﬂlyn Wittschen. Zoe Ann Lau-
rie. ‘Buzzie" Burke, and Donna
Hughes have been chosen by WAA
council to attend a conference of
Athletic Asaociaiions from Eastern
Colleges to be held at Skidmore
College on December 5. Representa-
tives will discuss various set-ups of
ath.et.3 groups in colleges. and
ways and means of improving them.

S.ate's hockey team held its own
at the recent playday at Green
Mountain Col.ege with a final score
of 1-1. Donna Hughes scored the
winn.ng gall. The girls were .reateci
to a dinner at the college. Miss
Johnston. faculty advisor to WAA.
and Dr. Woolschlajer of the Milne
faculty accompanied the girls.

In case you missed the announce—
ment in assembly a few weeks ago.
we have the iinal official word con-
cerning the Varsity and JV cheer-
1ea.eis. Spitrring on the Varsity
team will be: Ann Caparis, Iggy
hunlﬂllOiVSkl, Angie Kavanaugh.
Delcye Ferguson. Jane Ide, Sandra
Young.

The JV w'll consist of Dianne
Kisselburg. Mimi Patterson, Jayne
SJ‘JCZBIISITI, Lzoc'crtn Stein, Lor-
etta Troisi. Louise Ura and Patri-
cia Wil>on. Notice the number of
freshman girls you will be seeing
on the sqrad th.s year!

Athletic Association
To Present Report

Last year a motion was made to
set up a policy making body for
Intercollegiate sports This commit-
tee would also serve us an advisory
"body to President Collins. This mo-
tion was carried through and the
present Athletic Association was
()i;;.tiiize(l.

So far this year the A.A. has
been holding weekly mchmgs un.i
its business has centered around
the football issue oi last year. Al-
though this moiion was defeated
last your, the AA. has con:inued its
investigations and presently are pre-
paring their semi-unnuai report
which they will present to the stu-
dent bozly soznetone in December.

Taken By SLS To Name Champs Ploy Alumni Five

The main action in the Men‘s IM
Bcwling a: the Rice Alleys on Tues-
day was in League B as SLS took
over soie po:session of firs. place,
the Continuiers and the K-Bobbles
moved into a tie for the second spot
and Potter Club dropped into fourth.
In A L:aguc the standings were not
change! at all only in the point de-
l:tll‘.lll€‘llt.

SLS Triumphs; Potter Dropped

In ahe Downstairs league. John
Zidik and Boo Hughes pushed the
SL8 quint .1110 the top position with
.22 and 511 to drop the Misfits
2357-23C2. The Commuters, by vir-
tue of their 2141-1921 victory over
Peter Club. moved into a second
place tie with the K-Bc‘bbles who
dumped the hapless Finks 1795-
1028.

The contests upstairs saw Joe Du-
ran, 30) Massey, and Tom Hogue
load Van Derzee Hall over Kappa
Beta 2252-1821. Joe Clement paced
Thurlow Hall to 21 2238-1935 with a
triple of 525.

The fifth team in the A League.
APA. drew a bye and only rolled to
keep the averages straight.

Next \VCGK will complete the first
round of the schedule for the year.
It was announced by Ralph Moot
' 4. towirn; manager. that the
heads of the league are going to try
:0 conplete three rounds of the
teams in the year‘s schedule.
Duran Rolls High Triple

Joe Clement and John Zidik
were right behind with 525
Zidik were right behind with 525
and 522 respectively. Jack Wilson of
the Misfits scored the high single
game score for the week as he list-
ed a 203, and Walt Render, of the
idle Alpha Pi Alpha five rolled a
siren", 202.
nguc Standings:

 

 

League A Points
APA .............................. ..  12-0
’l‘hurlow  8—4
Van Derzee 7—5
Ku ppu Beta 4-12
Rcuscrs .......................... .. l-ll
League B Points
SLS ...................................... .. 12-0
Commuters  10-6
K-Dobbles ......................... .. [0-6
I’otter (‘Iub .. 8-8
Misfits ...... .. .. 4-12
I’inks ................................... .. 0-12

 

 

THANKSGIVING

combination——

 

AND HOME —

a combination for the best meal in the world,

but after the holiday remember the second best

Everyday and TEMI’ERANCE TAVERN

The APA-Potter game didn’t end
in a scoreless tie Monday. but due
to a pie-arranged agreement, the
game is to be replayed. The teams
agreed that if the full game couldn‘t
be played, the game must be played
over. When the officials called the
contest because of darkness. Potter
was on the long end of a 6 to 0
score.

Schaertl Sparks EEP

Eo‘h teams played very hard
ball. In the first half. Potter rocked
APA back on its heels by blocking
two punts. George Schaertl did the
honors by blocking both of them.
APA’s defense was put to a severe
test after the second blocked punt.
The kick went into the APA end-
zcne. After a heated debate among
the officials and teams, the ball
was placed in Potter‘s possession on
the APA one yard line. The APA
defense held for four downs.

In the second half. Potter couldn't
be denied. After a long downfield
drive. Ray Gibb tossed a pass to
Paul Victor who took the ball into
pay dirt. The APA defense stiffened
to stop the point.

Game To Be Rep'ayed Sunday

With about 11 minutes left to go.
the officials decided to call the
game because of darkness. Because
of the mutual agreement made by
bo.h teams, the game will take
pla:-e at 2:30 Sunday afternoon on
Beverwyck Park. because the Dorm
I‘ield Sunday “Blue Law" prohibits
athletic events to take place on
Dorm Fiel'

Beth tceins played fine head—up
ball Monday. \‘reorge Schaertl and
Kenny Stevenson sparked Potter's
defensive play. Pat Carlo, who is
doing a fine fill-in job for John
Menissey. and Ray Gibb were the
stand~uus for the club's offenc.

A] Brown and Jim Bennett turn-
ed in fine defensive performances
for APA. Bill Wiley, Bo) Hausner.
and Dave Burroughs sparked what
little offense APA could mu~'.er for
the evasion.

PALAGE Riff; NOW

Stewart Granger - Deborah Kerr
in

 

“Prisoner of Zenda”
CONIING WEDNESDAY. NOV. 26

Spencer Tracy
in

Plymouth Adventure

 

 

 

 

 

leln'c exnlns—lols of ground to cover and
panic selling in. To rchix uml rcl‘rcsh?

That's cosy. Ilnvc u Colic . . . 11's delicious.

BOIILED UNDER AUIHORITV OF "it:

The hour hand IIIUVt‘S inst the night

 

ALBANY COOLCOLA BOTTLING CO.

"Coke" It a registered tmdrmnrk.

   

‘OCA-COLA COMPANY IV

© I952, IHE COCA-COLA COMPANY

December Fifth

Coach Merlin Hathaway's State
Basketball team will open the ’52-
'53 season on December 2 at Page
Hall Gym. The Feds are to tackle
the State Alumni, a team which
features five former captains of
State Varsities, including Bob
Brown '52, and Paul Carzer ’51.
Other ex-Captains are O‘BrLen. Mar-
zello, and George. This game will be
the first real test for this year‘s
team.

Varsity Scrimmages R.P.I.

Last Thursday night Hathaway's
charges scrimmaged the R.P.I. Var-
sity. The State team showed plenty
of individual ability, but the play~
ers didn't work together very well;
the team coordination was way off.
On the other hand. the team play-
ed g;od defensive ball and showed
rebounding strength. It also ap-
pears that Hathaway will have the
advantage of a strong bench to
won: with.

Captain Bob Tabor, Nels LeRoe.
Boo Gillespie, Don Krug, and John
Allassio are the squad‘s biggest men
and should furnish most of the
team's rebounding power. John Cen-
tr.i, Bud Prout. Hy Walker, and
Gerry McDonald played together
last season and will probably be
setting up plays. John Zongrone and
Pete Telfer are versatile players
and are ball hawks on defense.

The small J.V. squad will be cut
during Thanksgiving vacation; due
to the small freshman turnout, only
about four men will be cut.

Contrary to an error in the sched-
ule printed in the News, the _ame
December 5 against Maritime is
away rather than home. However,
ihcre is a home game December 6
against Oswego.

'5' cabins-ail:
New Athletes,-
Holds Conclave

Thursday night at Brubacher Hall
there was a meeting of the Varsity
‘8" Club. The main purpose of this
meeting was to accept new mem-
bers in the club.

Among those who were admitted
were: Pete Telfer, Ben Button.
Henry Hull. John Zidik, John
Front, Joe McCormack. Gerald Mc-
Donald, John Aliasio, John Centra,
Fran Rodgers. and Tom Benenatti.

The pre;ent officers of Varsity
‘S" Clo-b are: President, Joe Stella;
Vice-President, Al Cannon; Treas-
urer, Bill Adams; and Sergeant-at-
Arms. Bill "Red" McCormack.
Letter Means Eligibility

In order for a man at N.Y.S.C.T.
to ca considered eligible fer mem-
bership. it is necessary that he shall
have been awarded a Varsity “8”
Letter for participation in State
College's athletic program.

After the awarding of the letters
to new members, there was an im-
port-ant meeting of both old and
new members of the club to decide
whether or not to have the group
continue to function as it he in
the past.

The mam aims of the “S” club,
among others, are to promote ways
and means of supporting the Col-
lege's athletic program; and to en-
hance the prestige of the "S" Let-
ter.

 

Lucky
“Number Racket"
No. 1668

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

 

 

x 10%

 

Only 1’? Dollars left ’til Christmas?

Lei US Help YOII
S—T—R—E—T—c-H
them

(‘ourtesy Discount on all
Christmas wrappings and cards.

x 10% Discount on all pens and
pencils (except ballpoints)

x Special leather portfolio sale will
continue until Christmas.

x New line of MODESTLY PRICED
stationery just arrived.

it Monograming and imprinting serv-
ices available (small charge)

it I’ersonaliution for Christmas cards
-—-()RI)ER NOW!

3' And numy other Excellent (lifts—
kerchiefs. hankies, jewelry.

(‘H ECK LIST

Shop At
BUDGET BOULEVARD

fill] [film-0P

 

Sis .......... .. Him!

Brother .......... .. Her!

A N I) (‘()-()I’ CORN E RS

 

 

   

