 

 

 

 

Mék i

 

 

 

 

 

 

our: co aw . . , ,

M   k LLIG‘ N 9 FRIDAY JANUARY 0 195° 1  COLLIG-    .‘950 ’A0' .
are an oo 3 ' t. 3"” gm _ gag” . ’ , ' , , , .   , _ 
To, one“, Wm, meme, 0, 5mm, Assoc“, I i'  BYEAD‘E'WW‘SCiTZE Munich Ollers Seven Sisters Combine Talent Truman, may Outline R¢l|8|°l|9 G'°"P3 

Program For legislators

All eyes this week, on the na-
tional political stage, turned to
the Capitol hill in Washington
and Albany when President
Truman and Governor Dewey
addressed their respective legis-
lative bodies. Each, with
thoughts of the approaching fall
elections in mind made the
opening volley in the battle to
capture political control.

President Truman speciﬁcally
asked Congress for some chang-
es in the present tax system, to
provide additional revenue, pas-

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do

Study Abroad
l73:11:)"ﬁrecrassarily reflect those of the Srm Comm   ans

How about another vacation to recover from all
the eating and sleeping we did over Christmas? If
the new clothes and engagement rings are any indi-
crtzhmﬁ everyoneumust have made out all right. And
w appy smi ng faces we realize that ex. ' '
just around the corner. qms me

Obtain Speakers 
F°rzll|i8£chl< 

Hillel, Newman Plan
Sex Education Program,
Catholic Apologetics

To resume their activities in the
new year, the religious organiza-
tions have engaged speakers for a
Bible study, a chapel and for the
Catholic Apologetics. Also schedul-
ed are the showing of slides on Is-
rael and a program concerning sex
education in the high school.

Christian Science Organization
has planned a regular monthly
meeting, according to Wayne Pal-
mer ’50, President. The meeting will
be held in Room 111, Tuesday at
7:30 pm.

To Conclude Apologetics

Newman Club has scheduled on
its agenda Father Dunstan Mc-
Dermott from St. Anthony’s Sem-
inary, Rensselaer, who will conclude
the last of his series on Catholic
. , Apologetics. This lecture will be
0 P  held Thursday at 7:30 pm. at New-

  5 man Hall, according to Mary
Lynch ’50, President. The next ser-
ies of lectures will. be on “Scholas-
tic Philosophy” and will begin Feb-
ruary 9.

For First Frosh lSorority SocialI

By NORINE G. CARGILL since this will be a strictly informal

For the ﬁrst time in State's his- affair with sweaters and socks pre-
tory the “Seven Sisters” haVe got— dominating. The silks, and satins
ten together to plan a program of will come in handy next semester.
entertainment. Next Friday night Marilyn Aheh' Chan-man of the
from 3 to 11230 D-m- m the com' Social, also said that dancing and

Junior Year Courses
To lnCIUde Languag¢3 mons all the sororities on Campus refreshments are on the agenda“
will combine their talent to pre-

The Executive Council of the sent a “Sorority Social... This will The committee composed of
Junior year in Munich announces be an ideal opportunity for the members fl'Om‘AthEl Epsilon Phi,
its ninth program. The academic freshmen and transfer women Chi Sigma Them: Kappa Dena» Phl
ro r'mr develo ed in the “Junior to Eat acquainted With the Dena' P81 Gamma‘ Be“? zeta and
p g.‘ .. .p. - , upper-classmen and especially the Gamma Kappa Phi 0011515“ or GOl'
Yeal P1311 pﬂllmts quallﬁfid Alnel- Greek Goddesses. die Brenner, Charlotte Skolnick,
lean Widen“ to take the third ye“ The feature presentation of the 13:33:?apﬁzf;iilsc%xﬁ;2msﬂ%¥§§g ' sage of the Brannon Farm bill,

. . . f their colle e course at some verin' will be a kit de ictin the 'v ' ' r n lot h Taft-Ha l
Whemel 91 m.” “was State, Students! b1“ 1f you hﬂVB 0 . - .   is 11 g d tab 1 i; n. (Em-m g the Jacquelyn Mann, Marilyn Allen,  “pea t e rt ey
any information regarding fins contact C 1  foreign university—at Pairs, Gen- 118 S on 11 U a 0 S g ‘ c .

' ‘ 0am Huth' ’ - rushing eriod of bygone days Us- constance Caldmale' Kathleen Ry" On th State level Governor

away' v evav Baselr zurmhI Florence 01' Mu' ‘ p ' an Shirle Haswell Lois Prescott e ’
v I , t E T M L ,n ing the popular sororities, Sho Fli ». y i I v Dewey announced plans for :1.
“‘ch- A” Pies?“ “he” 0 me ' Pi, Alpha Pan Dowdie, I Beta You Milly Eade and Gemgina Magl- budget reduction and stated
Alumnus 48, rs pursurhg a graduate Keed and I sigh I Cry, the authors, ness. present taxes should not be in_
program at the University of Ba- Jacquelyn Mann, Lois Prescott, and So freshmen and transfer Stu- creased, He also requested the
sell Switzerland Martha Downey, will present a se- dents remember the date (it is Fri- Federal Government to aban-
rious warning to the frosh. The ad— day the 13th you know) and be don its taxing of gasoline, mak-

The program in general provides vantages of second instead of ﬁrst sure to come to the “Sorority So- ing this a source of state reve-
for a preliminary period of inten- semester rushing will be shown. ciaL" nue. in keeping with this sug-
sive language work before the uni- Many will remember the confusion gestion. he also requested a re-

versity opcns. It provides for some and lack of consideration for the auction of the federal grants-
special courses. given only for the freshmen that has taken place in  

in-aid as they now stand.
American student group—usually in the past, and may look fur-
C 'I' P I'
crtlrcatc o my

tion wants to know what is in the Constitution,
or who the officers of an organization might be,
he has no way of finding out. He either asks un-
til he finds another student who can tell him (ap-
proximately), or he borrows the Handbook of some
freshman.

We should have a Handbook that is available
to all students every year. Every member of Stu-
dent Association should be able to bring with him
to Assembly his Handbook containing a recent
and standard copy of the constitution and the
budget.

 

 

CASE OF THE MISSING EQUIPMENT . . .

You ought to know that some of our athletic
equrpment valued at $129 has been removed from the a?
gym without permission. The storeroom was broken 
into by an unknown person or persons. No one knOWs ’

 

 

It has been argued that it would cost too much
to print' 1500 Handbooks every year. It certain-
ly would cost a lot if all the books were the hand-
some, stiff-cover, bound copies that we publish
now. Binding alone costs between fifty and sixty
cents a book, on our present Handbooks. A bound
book is pleasant to look at, and very durable, but
it isn’t necessary.

ATTENTION ALI. ALUMNI 0F "19 . . .

After'.Kocky Donneiry had gone to all that trouble
of sending you notices about alumni dues, she found
that she had forgotten to tell you how much to send
So pass the word that Mrs. Olive McDermott in the
Alumni Ofﬁce will welcome your $3.

 

TliE TABLE . . .

I . The table lacking in the Commons is beinr u”

Goodlookmg stapled books With 50“ covers for good purposes. It served as a rcceptiong 

COUld be . . I in the Rotunda during the WAA Confer r r "
prmted' Accordmg to an estimate by the I now being used there by Press Bureau agnzlcsthll'ctlinlg

gresent printer (Johnson Press), 1600 stapled  pornt forb prospective students. Incidentally, a

OOkS With soft O r ll urge num er of fresh have been interviewel r

C.ve.s would cost $560 The pres_ from all indications State might have a waitihg 

ent Handbcok printing cost, for only 600 books, new yea!"

rs $522. These figures do not include the costs of

stamps, mailing, phone and other expenses in-

cidental to distributing the books.

 

 

 

 

an essential ﬁeld, and at a level ward to seeing how the experiment
of instruction not offered by the will work our.
university. It provides for the stu— A speech by Rhoda Riber. Presi-
dent to attend selected university dent of Alpha Epsilon Phi, on the ., .. . ., _ I
lecture courses, which are subple— advantages and purposes of soror- Clagﬁltffgfigg‘t Piglflzssgelcﬂelgdﬁ; I L'b F' 
nrcntcd by Junior Year tutorials ities will be another highlight of who]; had “C‘hhd study Smith COL n l  
and discussion groups. In a very the evening, 16 e “gerves to rotect’ the teach
real sense, the JY tutor converts Leave your best togas home, girls. .g’ ,f . fl) b ‘ . _ ' I . .
the university course into a genu- mg 1.31.0 65510“ mm a “.58 m com" fers more job Openings than ever swaent Chmsmall ASSOCIath“ Wm
mummes Where certain penny- before. This was revealed in the 110m llS Weekly Chapd We‘lneSday

ine collcge course, with assigned . . . . . _
l t )1 rrn . n o ‘ '- . .
readings, reports. term papers, qurz-   1 me] g poncleg e c umge the h“ annual report of Dean Carl M. noon. according to Jeanne Bowen

 

WE GOT MONEY WE AIN’T EVEN USED YET . . . The library prOfeSSion “may Of-

The problem of spending the $700 in the Big-4
and State Fair Fund seems to be giving Student
Councrl a bit of trouble. It seems to be the policy

Copyright I950 by Erqulra, Inc.

“printed from ianvcry I950 hon of Esquire

 

. . - - . mg 0f Cheap and Poorly trained in' - r .- v. ’50, President of SCA. The leader
of our Association that moneys collected in tlrcsc ('05 and exammahom' leldUﬂls-" £111,35103ftﬁhsgynggfviggwelSlty5 will be Frances Skidmore ’51, and
Will’s must be Silent imCl consequently a Committee The comprehensive school fee, Mm Rmseh J Drafahl of Ve,._ He goes on to say. in his article Dean White states that. mas Oh_ Dr. Edith 0. Wallace. PI‘OfCSSOI‘ 0f
WI“- b.e formed [.0 mvesmgme possible ways of (“5' “’hiCh mdude“ mition' board and million South Dakota announces entitled, “Teachers: Qualiﬁed or portunitics in many professions be- Alida“ Lm‘guagesr Will speak 0“
posrrlrg of it. Lets hope we don't have a rainy day room is $1,378. Provision is made the ‘enéaghment on Christmas Eve Queer?" which appeared in me De- gm to level om the library profes_ "Searchlight in the Dark." Richard
Ill in near future. for housing lllClllel‘s of the Junior 01. her daughter‘ Miss Elnora Dm_ camber issue of Education. “The sion continues to hold its own. even Jacobson 63 mm render a solo.
YC‘” group m m" AMSTUG House' fahl, Instructor in English, to dilemma is how to set up a certi- to gain." He adds. “The gains have “hm Shed,“ S eakm.

This is ‘1 Very lm'ge V1118 located Frank G. Carrino, Instructor in ﬁcation policy which determines beneﬁted both the graduate hunt- * ‘Omgll than {’his chapel, SCA is

“Did you ring, Sir?”

‘7/te Silica/roar! ewwaz‘e

By Michael LaManna

 

In other words, by discontinuing the bound cov-
ers and having stapled books, 900 more Hand~
books could be issued without raising by much
the budget for printing.

 

IN PASSING DEPARTMENT . . .

 

 

The important thing is that everybody should
have a Handbook to which to refer. One good 'ex-
ample concerns the loan funds available. Most
of these loans are available only to upperclass-
men, yet the only place where collected informa-
tion about them is available is in the freshman
Handbook. Who's treasurer of what Council
should be handy, [00.

The editor of this year’s Handbook has not yet
been elected from the Sophomore class, but when
he is, Student Council should direct him to have
enough Handbooks printed to distribute to all
members of SA, from the freshman through the
Graduates.

 

We extend to Dr. and Mrs. Collins our
deepest sympathy on the tragic death of
their daughter, Ann, who died Dcccmbcr
21, 1949, at the House of the Good Samar-
itan, Boston, Massachusetts.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1918
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Not too long ago. though it was
last year, we were entertained by
the music and the songs of the

on whenever possible and he secured
hurt by her aloofness.

One day the children asked her if

Trapp family. I don't intend to she didn't like their father. Absent-

criticize their music which, in-
cidently. I found to be both en-

mindcdly she told them she did
and paid no attention when they
disappeared in the study. That eve-

Joyable and Interesting" bun 11" ning, while she was arranging a

ther to relate to you something of
their historical background which
I feel is equally as interesting as
their style of song.

The story, as I heard it, begins
in a convent in Nonnberg, Austria.
Maria, 21 candidate for the no-
vitate of Benedictine Nuns, was
summoned by the Reverend Mother
Abbess and told that she would be
leaving Nonnberg for ten months
to serve as governess to the invalid
daughter of Baron George Von
Trapp. .

Tearfully Marin bade farewell to
the other candidates for sister'-
hood. In the Baron's huge home,
Maria was delighted not only with
the delicate little girl she was to
teach. but also her four sisters
and two brothers, ranging In age
from 4 to 14. Tire baron. who had
commanded Austria's submarine
fleet during World War I. turned
out not to be the grizzled old son
(log she had anticipated. but u
handsome national Ircro who was
still grieving over the death of his

vase of flowers, the baron proposed
to her.

“You know very well.“ she said,
"fhat I'm going back to the convent
soon and one cannot enter :1 corr-
vcnt and marry at the same time."

To confirm her stand she packed
and returned to Nonnberg. The
Mistress of the Novices consulted
the Abcss and related Maria's
story. Maria was summerer and irr-
formcd that the council thought it
to be the Will of God that she mar-
ry the boron and be a good mother
to his children.

With her fiend bowed. Maria left
the abbey and started home. There
was no way for her to know that
she would spend twenty glorious
years as the buron‘s wife. would
bear him three children. would flee
with him, pcnrrilcss to America to
cscrrpc Nuzi persecution, would
build the entire group info the
Trnpp Family Singer's, one of the
most popular attractions in U. S.
conccrf history, and would write
u book to relate her unique exper-
rcnccs.

Our Keep our Kampus Klecn Kampaign is still
gorng on and there is some improvement to be seen.
However, since the Administration has had the Com-
mons floor cleaned and waxed. we should try just
a little harder to keep our butts up off the floor“.

Yes. exams must be ncnr . . . two girls ncimrllv had
a l)clhance the other morning to use the ping pong
ta 9.

Those flaming love letters of Anatole and Clco-
patra are really "the stuff." Prospective Casanovus
can check on the style in lower Drapcr.

Class activities for the New Your are getting off
With a bang this Saturday with the Junior Bnnqur-I
at Herbert's. Let‘s hope that more pcoplc turn out
than the usual 15-20 wlro attend the Junior class
meetings.

Basketball also returns to State tomorrow willr :1
home gnnrc against Willimzrntic. Thc rccord lo druc:
4 won—4 lost.

THE PAST l2 MONTHS . . .

January—KB. finds :1 home

Fcbruary—~Conslitutionul fr‘oublcs

March—State trrk-cs cure of CARE

April—~Ncws April Fools everybody

May—Midng talks hcr way to California

Junc—-~cht and exams

July and August—E211 and slccp—Awlml (-lsc!

Scptcmbcr Collins holds the reins

October—Soccer is OKJd

Nm'cmbcr'---—Tcd, not Clnrr'lic McCrrrLlry Icrrds I’r'oslr

Dcccmbcr'----'I‘cu Eyck sccs Slutc

 

' " . ' - r i r s i .
nr H or z o g Park Bogth ru cn, Spams”
across thc English Garden, some

vcr‘sity.
Application blanks will be uvail- "Cl‘SIW- WCECl
ablc in February. returnable in
April. Correspondence may be ud-
drcsscd to Junior chr in Munich,
Amulicrrstr. 54. Mmriclr 13.

A similar pr'ogrmn is carried on

 

ea’fu'fal empwt

By [SHADY and LlEl’MANN

 

Wclcorrrc back, you lucky people.
and a Happy New Your. Though
you rrruy think the Christmas spirit.
loo, lms parsscd, you still have on
oportunuy to extend if into the
coming y ‘nr'. Tlrc Times-Union is
conducting a campaign to collect
old Christmas cards. Tlrcsc cards
will bc distributed to clrrldrcrr in
ol'pluur lromcs, people. in homes for
Llrc ugcd. and hospital words. In
llrcsc institutions the cords are u
sourcc of cnjoymcrrl for pcoplc who
Irrrvc lililc to do. So if you feel the
Irousc-clcruring urgc, and lruvc
Clrrislrmrs curds lying nround, don't
throw flrcrrr rrwrry but scrrd tlrcm
lo the ’l‘imcs-Urrlorr editorial of— I‘m“
licc, Ill licarvcr' Street.

Clmrticr of the

minutc nrovic.
gluzc cffccfs."

V V  .lh .. U 1 Unh Frederic A. Weed, Supervisor of
“FULwa n“ M 1mm K Social Studies in Milne, recently re-
ceived his PhD. at Columbia Uni-

atc with a major in International
Relations. He received his Bachelor
of Arts Degree at State in 1940, and
received his MA.
grees from Columbia.

Robert S. Burgess,
for graduate study. The informa- Libl'al‘ianship‘ spoke at the Hm-
[ion for flu: 1950-51 LCi‘lll Will be l‘C- nmnug Bleekel- LibraryV WednesdayV
ll‘llSl'Cl SOllll'LIllll‘ Ill file “0111' future. under the sponsorship of the SLaﬂ‘
Association of the
Library. His subject was “Experi—
cnccs as Librarian of an Inter-Ra-
cial College in the Deep South.
Burgess address-ed the PTA at May-
wood school in Colonic on Thurs-
day. with the topic, “What Makes
a Happy Home?"

Dr, Paul C. Lemon,
Profcssor of Biology,
New York Powcr
and Light Corp.. Albany, presented
:1 papcr on "Glaze Damage to Trccs
irr Errstcrrr New York."
Amcricrrn Association for Advance-
nrcnt, of Science meetings in New
York City. This particular session
was a meeting of the Ecological So-
cicly of America on December 28.
The pupcr was illustrated by a nine

significant as no old to better ap-
pliculiorr of forestry and horticul-

During the vacation period scv-

minimum standards of preparation
but does not restrict and conﬁne
would-be teachers into courses
which are either out-of—date or
which are too concerned with pica—
yunish details. The total breadth
of the teacher preparation is frilly
as important as the speciﬁc sub-
jects. in fact the pattern of this
breadth indicates in some measure
the general philosophy of teach-
ing."

ing for his ﬁrst job and the li-
brarian who is ready for a change
to a new position.”

Information received from Rob—
ert S. Burgess, Professor of Librar-
ianship reveals that notices of Li—
brary positions open in school, col-
lege. public and special libraries in
all parts of the country are being
received daily by mail. Salaries for
ﬁfth year students range up to
$3700.

Area Group Aims AI Unify
In Theory, Prociise For Schools

By GRACE SMi'l‘ii

A new organization known as
CASDA, short for Capital Area
School Dcvclopmcrrt Association, has
bcon recently formed. Purposc of llris
group is to contribute to the im—
provement 0f practice and to lrclp
bring theory and actual school sit-
uations in closer relationship. This
organization held its ﬁrst meeting
December 14 and with some of its
objectrvcs it may be influential upon
the students of State College, cs-
pccially the graduute students.

This association, consrsrmg of Al—
bony and Oneonta State Teachers
Colleges rind thirty-six school sys-
tems, plans to improve educational
procedure by diffusing and sharing
information and new ideas among
the mcmbers.

analyze the various situations. Both
cooperating colleges will provide
advisory service, research functions
and physical facilities. Other than
this. the association plans to bring
into the college some high school
tcrrclrcrs and administrators to par-
ticipate in seminars, workshops and
to consult with the classes.

CASDAIDS is the periodical
sponsored by the group and edited
by Harry Passow, Supervisor of
Mathematics of Milne School.
Among some of the articles it con—
tains are the reports of the various
group activities within CASDA, the
projected meetings and some sc-
lcclcd practices in various sclroolsm
inventions and ideas now being
used.

 

presenting the Rev. Harvey W. Hol-
lis, Secretary of the Federation of
who will speak on “Flying to Is-
the Churches of Christ in Albany,
rael Today" and who will also pre-
sent slides on Israel in the Lounge
at 0 pm, Thursday. Rev Hollis
made a trip to that country and
the slides which he will show are
those that he took on the trip.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship will again present Mrs. Ethel
Barrett. the storyteller from radio
stations WPTR and WBCS, who

(Confirmed on Page 6, Column 1)

 

OTTO Ii. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

H.F.chikel & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036

157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

RA’l‘lNG—ALL-AMERICAN
wife.

January 6' 1950 N0. 13 cm] nrcmbcrs of the Social Studies I _ '

On a differ-cut fonc. Albany is Dopui'mellf :rltcndcd meetings pcr- By becoming more intimately nc-
Io lurvc. as :1 guest spcrrkcr', tlrc rc- Luirrirrg f0 fllcil‘ especial Iiclds. Dr. (lllullllt‘d With the ussooiation mem-
krrowncd Wrrltcr Wirilc on Monday Robrrf Ricnow, Professor of Po- bt'l'h‘. the professors on campus cnn
:rl‘lcrrroorr ru ‘3 pm. in llrc 'I‘cmplc lilicirl Scicncc. intended the mcct- fukc the available nurtcrinls and
licllr limcllr Vcslry Rooms. Wutl-cr' lugs of the American Political use lhcm rudhc classrooms for r]-
errlc. wcll known uovclisl, soclul- Scicncc Association; Dr, T. G. INSU'HUOHS- rlhey Illlli’ 11150 illfllt'uic
isf and colu'ulor', Irus \vr'lltcn, Standing. Professor of Sociology, to flu‘ gl'iltlllflfe students the actual
ullumg oilu‘l' things, "Rising Wind" and lrcrrc Osborne, Instructor in lll‘oblf‘ms of the mcmbcr schools.

VOL. xxxrv CoIIe e Cole - - -
He was gone from the home for Wm“ “h” “‘.‘*‘."I”’(‘ “‘0 “mm‘v “1“ g ndar
long periods and the household “,uh. baron was wrutmg in Llrc hull. Slrc

urruru'ed hr the 811' n  burst mm um” ‘
g 3, r o css Mutlldu. i‘itlllAl’. .IANI‘AIH’ (i

llr-thcy s-suirl l lrrrvc to m-mrrr- li130 p.111. Vursily Buskcibrrll (iurlu' Mur'llluc Acul»
ry you! cnrv I t

 

lllnlrlhulor
(‘ollcglulc lllgesl

   
   

Member
Associated Collcglulc Press
0
G / ”"

ﬂm/ W/Iere !ln- flowers 6'9"]

  

"I'Ilu I‘lullc'll'lgrurlllmlo lit-\l\'1rrlprllplir of IIch N101“? York lsruru (I'ol« rr middle-aged rclntlvc whose tlrc-
cgc or t'lll‘ll'l‘H: |llil rill'i r-vory "rruy of flu (,‘ol ego mu 1 -. - - v
your by llrc NEWS Illull‘ll for line Slrrrlcul Ansm'lllllllll. mt, ‘bOUL fwd”? “ms , to “.1”!
l'lroucrr: \\'|Ilsc, 'J-lIIlI‘J; l"|‘I'I-l. 2-11l2ll; Sclsm uurl II‘nI'roIl, m mmmUb “ml “no ChaﬁMmm'
swan, “'clrln-r. scum. Alr-Irrlwr‘s of Ilrr- Nuws slul'f may 5”“ 1| Child Hf llt‘lll‘i herself tonly

    

Wordlcssly Irc opcucd his arms. SATURDAY, .IriNl‘AliY 7 l .||\(-||l1‘1|||\ ]...-,-.r.».l.vju,12
lbllll'l\~ cu~f of (irrrmI (Iculr'ul

lno rcuclu-d 'l‘m-srluy uul \\‘-lrr-NI:I' H I 7 l llzill) . two ’I. ‘l . H. ‘ ‘  ‘ I ‘ . . . - ‘ I ' I
. u . r y on o p in my rrlrrxcd thr trlct discrplurr 5m. bum.“ I“ hm, 0h hm Shoulder. li‘llll'lh‘t & (ll'CellhOUSC

 

Ill Mil"? enough to touch them to act in- 5“51””- WNW" (TIN-Ho llillluucf :u llcrln-ris and "Lost lioilrulur'ics": fhc mm’ii‘ 5001010313 “IU‘HCICCI [he “05310115 0" Th“ Widen” WI“ “0L "my bm‘" \l‘lllulr (illfllumlr'l‘ll (‘Ollllnl'lillllf‘
formally, plrly Hinncs. urrd ubovc (Condcnscd from flrc N. Y. Sunday he“, ) V,  . , , , or my sumo rrrrmc. which was l'c— tlrc Arrrcricun 800101081001 Society: fit from these methods, but vur'ious Corner 0;, 'W'Illh 3h”, H, __hU\'H.,. ,,,.1,,,,h_
011. W 5111:; CHI‘I‘OIS. mudrigrrls. and Mirror) ‘ " 1-”l~ “NU Bllhkclbull (mnrc, \Vlllllllllllllf' ccmly shown in Albany, is buscd wlrllc Dr. J. T. Plrimrcy. Professor schools will provide more opporlurr~ ONTARIO Ar BENSON I'm“ [fwd m“, ‘Ihh‘linm mm,”

HtllltlJGi’ ’urrsrc - - - - . — - I'Zrlllor-IrI-(‘lrIr-f ‘31“ {01k 5”“35- ll WWW 101% bc- 'l‘lilcsnril'. .lANl'AIu' In on his book. Hc lrrrs occu nil ucLivc of lsir'orrorrrics, rutcndcd meetings of flies for the students to Work in mm, 4-1125
nuuwr‘un" rt: Fulani. - - - - l'ulilll' liolulluun i‘lrlliur 101‘0 “10 bill'on himself was taking 1.) “mm B. I, , 7' . nil-moor of llrc Nulimrul Associu- flrc Amcricmr Economic Association. mom mm to become hcqhhhnm (.Ohogc Florist for You”
DIANE ﬂ. \Hullllhli - - - - — - - - Mmrlu mum pro-t In tlrc singing by ll('('()lnpuny_ ﬂ  W A n In“ (.lub nil-cling m lioom 111 “U” h”, H“, Ammnwmhh, whom”, I Dr. M,,~,.g,h.,,l  Assismh Pm: mm high who,“ pmmmwh who spew” Attemlon to
a ea ll bur. Kuppu l’Iri Kuppu mcclurg in Lourryc crl I’l'opll' surcc 1010. and is now icssor of Circnustry. attended Llrc u‘rc nhcudy 1n the ﬁeld. The Diil- Sororities ﬂ“d Fraternities
‘ fir-muting schools will constitute rr

“Klu-l.) Ht'INM - - < - - - - t‘lrr-ulutlon Muluuror i '- ' '
ng his chrldrcrr on his violin.
y ,4  (“mum mme ()rwmmmm “HIMW, srnmg .rs us luMlllIlH burriury mutmgs of flu Arrurrcan As cm
It Mom y

of Illurll'l'illl' pi'ir‘r‘s.
SINGLE aw. BATH pa». 5
DOUBLE with BATH from $5
ATTRACTIVE RESTAURANT

'1‘” It .\ M W N "0A It I)

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
   

JOAN l".\ltltl‘ll.l. - - - < - - ~ Arlrorllulrm Hummer
.\ ‘I "Hi" - - Illrnlumm Murmgor , I. _ _
- - - - ‘ - - - ‘l"r-uluro Editor )llln‘uw’ ‘L‘mmg “‘0 “mm,” Hum?“- “1mm”, 111 TM rrspccr of this rrssocirrlrorr in lion for Llrc Advancement of laboratory through which one can
Itxclmuuo Editor ll “(P-HS Yvourrc, l‘ulllf‘ for 11 visit, . ,.,. , -. l] . x.~. .. D..,. 1).. or] L 30
‘ 'I "'“l ‘ which lrc Irv Irrosl rrurrrsud is u, Scumc rum cr .. o .
rum nto :r or Mull“ liked her' until Uh, (“W hm. “Win.” 9. , , , , i , , , - Ni, . '. ‘ u . . f.‘ -r r v
“"”""“"‘I ""“I‘W unnounood- ‘ ‘ ‘l‘hn’u‘ JAI‘l‘I‘lll !! r-umprugu ugurrrsf lynching of. f morn topic of n. con uerrcc‘uuh
Annoolulu Editor ‘ ' Jmm Wm“, m m,“qu n “M 13 noon SCA ()lmpcl llr w-rll'm. gunlmr humps; lrr- lms hccn outstandingly "Mr-flrods of Evaluuturg leaching.
“You know, 01‘ WNW. Lhu, “H, mum“, h-hh-h WM, hrhwhh.” {Iii}. ' I I ' ‘I H sncccssiul in his crusrrrlc. Mr. White Also in scssiorr at this time. were
All cmuuruulcurIons nlllllllll Iw nrlrlrcsmell to flu) editor and boron 15 ill love with you." I) fill), ililll Sulllu (flung hum mh I'll‘llhl)f\"u JANl'r‘liY I?! will slwuk 011 “(‘UIUI' lllllt‘ ACNE-5' [riffx NCWHYOl‘k Ethic ASSOCIILUOH 0i
lllllal Um», ‘rzlgulzrl, \‘ulur-s will ‘Im wuhlwlrl ulqu rctucul. uhhuul ugh” remuhmhrhm the 3:30 pm. RIVlllr'y hm“ hm,” I“ (,mlmmm lhl. (ilob-.»_~ pusod on his (xxlrcl‘l- .ncronco 'loru'lrcls and the National
II.“ hilllu (Ol.l.I-.(rlu .\I-.\\s usnumvs rm murmnuhlllly anrtlcd and uncrrs M 1 - _ ' - . .. . - ' . -- . .. r - - . . .. ~' : lru 'cccrr' world tour. Assocmfrorr of Scrcrrce Teachers.
h”. “Mum,” ,.“,,.,.,,M,,, h, “n “mum,” ,,,. ,.,,,,,,,,,,nlmuom ed hm l. I L 1“ [ya in u puck four (fuss lllcslllollls mid the ol- bllrmr (lub looming in Iioour loo rmr.» mums 1.. r c I). C rm 0 A Lester Awmum
n. MM, ,,,|,r,.a,,r.,.,,, .h, ...,r m-r'cnsnl‘lly reflect in. View, 1 Mi: 0 edit unmcdiutcly, liccrs of Student Association. if .v I? u L -n ' 'l 3 H l
but lirc princess. frightened by the wrrs lunrnorl, [0110“,th the “WNW 7.30 pm Lust of scrus on (.‘ullrollc Apologclrca. Am) h, (hm. yum-h :hthgly-(L jh‘ Prolcssor of Muflrcmutics, uticndcd
.. 2 rmssrblc rrwcrbcrrrtlons. brought in bly. that Santa scut u Irclpcl' this vanmn Hm] to elmlwll' 11”“ III‘“”‘"“ “0”” “"5” “w meetings 91 a the "Ammlcu"
W “ “mm m l’”””““" “91' ‘10 hilly. ycur, in the person of Dr Town- is )m kWh ol discrimination ugrrirrsl Nclll'm‘ﬁ Mimwmmlom 50"‘L‘Ly and the
After that Murlu avoided the bur- scnd mm p. .1 . - .i ', . I ' ‘ ’ . -. y l sol. u )r'cccdcru of lc- Muthcmrrtrcul Association of Amer—
1. rolcssor of Lnglldr wlrrrlr woulc l . .
. .,,1 Huh” w.. h.” (his Wm be h“ rcu. which were held in New York
t‘“h,,.l,sh,,‘g hwmhg, to guy the City. Dreccmber 28 through Decem-

lcust. Why not try to uttcnd? ber 30.

Th“ AND COCKTAIL LOUNGE

(fun I'. Nr'r'll'll. Ill-urolm'r ’
Arljuccui lo l'uilcd Notions sue

'lull‘i \ l‘l
HOLIIIIC lllll‘iNNldlt
HERALD III'NN - ~ - - -
MAIH' FICNUI‘JI. - - - ~ -

 

 

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

PHONE 6-1913
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”
198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

()ru' of llrc functions of llrc NA-

 

mcclirrg m Loungc, Hcv. Hollis.
b‘pcukcr'

 

 

 

 

 

