has: a

Happy Medium} . .

Complacency is a wonderful thing. You can-sit
back, enjoy yourself, and very righteously critiCize.
You can sit in on an assembly (such as the one
last week) and laugh your head off. You can be a

member of an organization and look back on what.

has been done in former years, follow it, and pat
yourself on the back. ‘

Rabble-rousing is another wonderful thing. You
can have more fun! You can say some awfully
silly thing and everyone can have an interesting
time. You can create a lot of enthusiasm and ex-
citement.

Criticism is the natural outgrowth of these ex-
tremes and it should be rightly so, if the aim of
this criticism leads to constructiveness. We will
take the subject of assemblies to base commentary
on, not because we feel it is an outstanding example
but merely because it is a typical one.

Ever since September the perpetual question
around school has been, “When are we going to
have some excitement in assembly?” For an entire
semester, almost every upperclassman has been
looking back to the “good old days" when things
really happened. And yet all that came as a re-
sult of this reminiscence was more talk—talk that
produced no definite effects. Very few people ques-
tioned any of the motions placed before the as-
sembly. Very few people cared about them. But
a lot of people did a lot of talking.

The break came last week. No one can deny that
the entire body sat up and gave the discussion its
fullest attention. No one can deny that the ten-
dency to lethargy was destroyed. .‘articipation iii-
creased and definite questions were raised. Still
the thought arises——is this the type of excitement
we want? Is this the type of participation that cre<
ates a more efﬁcient organization and provides for
a growing spirit of cooperativeness?

We think not. We think that when it comes to
providing entertainment for the student body, the
business meetings are not the time nor place. We
think that pettiness was the theme of last week's
showing of “spirit” and that the interest aroused
was an interest in personalities rather than in the
motion on the floor.

What we are trying to say is this: participation,
interest and the desire to improve must stem from
a genuine interest and a genuine willingness on the
part of the student body. These cannot be forced
by a display of rabble—rousing. any more than they
were exhibited by the former complacency.

We do not wish to entirely condemn either of
these attitudes but we do feel they should be mold-
ed into a more “niiddlc—of—the-way" program. We
would like to see the assemblies brought up to a
point where they are worthy of the time spent by
the several hundred students who are forced to
sit in on the proceedings.

What we need is criticism and action criticism
that is valid and action that accomplishes a pur-
pose. We cannot expect otir leaders to accomplish
miracles in every instance or in every situation. We
can expect efficient government, however, if we
work with, and not against. those leaders. This does
not mean that We shotildl sit back and accept ev-
erything that is handed to tis. litit it does mean
that we should criticize wisely and discuss intelli-
gently. lii this way, perhaps, we will reach the
point of arousing student interest without arousing
student ridicule.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 3

3:30 pm. French Club meeting in Lounge

3:30 pm. G. E. Tour sponsored by Science Club from
the Knolls, Schenectady

10 pm. Junior Prom at Aurania Club

SATURDAY, MARCH it

1:30 pm. Basketball game with Albany “Home” at
the "Home"

Junior Theatre Party at Playhouse
State faces Queens College in ’age llull
Gym; Junior Vic Party in Commons aft-
er game

SUNDAY, MARCH 5
6 pin. Hillel l’urim party at (How Sholem Syna»
goguc

TUESDAY. MARCH '1
7:30 pm. Christan Science organization meeting in
Room 111

WEDNESDAY. MAlu‘ll ii

12 noon HCA Chapel in Unitarian Church

6 pin. SCA Lenten Discussion program
Colby's home

THURSDAY. MARCH 9
7:30 pm. Newman Club meeting at Newnnin Hall

2:30 pm.
7 pm.

at Dr.

 

our: count news. FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1950

 

'7": ALBANY. New YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH 3. 19.50 ' A“? 3

 

I’d? 3e

 

Awh, don’t go ’way. Come slum-
ming with me—down to the Com.
mons. We’ll dive through the bub-
bles, look in the mail box, there I
am. 2 years old, and I still can‘t
tell the difference between a mail
box and a female box), then We’ll
climb down the Indian Ladder and
have a cigarette. Look around. We‘ll
go cross-eyed together watching the
ping-pong game. Whoops, there goes
a ball like a bullet, smashing through
a girl’s forehead. Just think, she
wasn’t even eating ‘beans. Over in
this corner, dressed in purple trunks,
are the intelligentsia. They are the
ones who sit on the edge of desks
and discuss the Balkan crisis or
something. Let’s listen in on their
conversation.

“A dime for a cup ’a coffee, gee,
whatza Boul comin’ tuh?” And that
solves the international situation.
Now over in this corner, weighing
280, we have an entirely different
kind of gathering, “That‘s my trick.
Keep your dirty meat hooks off them
cards!" The offender pulls back his
mangled stump and cries. “Just call
me Lefty!"

Continuing our jaunt around the
room, we see an interesting sight. A
pair of horn-rimmed glasses has its
nose elevated in the air and seems
to have gone into a trance. "Nox
erat et placidum carpebant fessa
soporum corpore per terras .
Pulling our togas around our shoul-
ders we spy another Timid Soul.
“Me gusta la bonita muchacha. Me
gustaba la bonita muchacha. Me
gusta la bonita “These poor
students are suffering froth a com-
mon disease. The primary symp—
toms seem to be the inability to
climb stairs. It's really very easy.
All you have do is throw a loaf of
bread to the dragon and he'll let
you pass tip the marble staircase. I
want to submit a petition to the
Benevolent Student Body. Let there
be a sign placed over the door to
the Commons reading: "Those per-
sons are hereby prohibited who are
in any wise. way. manner or dispo—
sition inclined to the asquiring of
erudition." In other words. BEAT
IT!f

Having perused the Passing Pa-
rade. we at last yield to the desires
of the flesh and take out a cigarette.

 

[ad Wee/a
In ﬂuemdly

 

Debate Council received an ap-
propriation of $250 from Student
Surplus to carry on the remainder

of the debates scheduled for this
semester.
A motion was made by Evelyn

Wolfe ’51 to print soft-covered staple

'aricty handbooks for the entire
student body. Debate was postponed.
Myskania challenged the fresh—

men girls to a basketball game.

The Sophomore class challenged
the freshman class to a debate to be
held in assembly March it) on the
slll)_l(‘t‘l "l'tesolved: That. the Eski-
inocs should be provided with illi-
lined bath tubs."

60mm

By JACKIE MANN____-‘_—_————

Let us be serious for a. moment.
Not that I want to cast aspirations,
but what's wrong with the Com-
mons? Well in the first place it has
no swimming pool. This was, no
doubt, an oversight on the part of
the Founding Fathers and can be
easily remedied. Cut a hole in the
roof. Then there will be a rest for
our weary eyes when we go to the
Library. We can put seats around
the rim and invite Billy Rose’s
“Aquacade” for Junior Week-end.
Think of the prestige for dear old
NYSCT. We could rival Debate
Council. However in order to let in
the rain we’d have to cut a hole in
the roof of the Library. I have a
brilliant idea. Let's dispense with
the Library. Why, with all that room
we could even have a tiddley-wink
court.

Now for the second thing that‘s
wrong with the Commons. I realize
that we have had new furniture
lately. What I advocate is more of it.
Now see that girl over there? She’s
just sprung from her chair to get
a better look at the new transfer
student tthe male who thrills her
to the very core of her Adam's Ap-
ple) and discovered a run in her
stocking. Listen to her cry. It sounds
like the mating call of the moose.
(The plural of louse is lice. Why
isn‘t the plural of moose. mice'.“
Nonchaiantly she walks to the door,
but inwardly her little heart is
breaking. He had looked in her di-
rection and had seen the run. Her
life is blighted. She gets a psycho-
sis and can never teach. Would you
do this to a dog? Heck no. What
dog wears stockings? And as we
leave the. lovely little town of Water-
on-the-Knee I have only this to say:
what we need is more and better
mousetraps. crwuhmfurniture.

8W1 campud

By PAT BRADY

 

 

For those of you who saw and en-
joyed the motion picture. “La Tra—
viata." which was recently shown
at the Colonial Theatre, the follow-
ing news will be of importance. The
Palace Theater has announced the
presentation of Verdi's romantic
opera on Tuesday night. April 4.
Due to the expected demand for the
tickets, it seems well to call this to
your attention now, so that you may
make your reservations early.

“La Traviata" will be presented
by the Golden Jubilee San Carlo
Opera Company under the direction
of the company's founder, Fortune
Gallo.

The role of Violetta will be sung
by Miss Lucia Evangelista, the beati-
tit‘ul young soprano who heads the
1950 edition of the opera company.
The male lead will be sting by Da-
vid Polcri.

On a lighter veinwthings aren‘t as
had here as they could be. At Union
College in Schenectady. drastic coal
(IflllSt'l'thl.l()ll lllt‘ilﬁlll'tlh' llfth' lJL‘t'll
taken. President Carter Davidson
has requested students to sleep Will‘
their windows closed. and announced
that scheduled meetings may be llt'lfl
"if the participants want to Wear
heavier clothing."

 

0mg Man'd @paw'an

 

’l'lie curtain opened this week's
Al) plays to an unusually full house.
Marvui l’ooiis presented tialswoiu
tliy's play "The First. and the Last."
The play was lost for some because
all the lines could not. be heard. and
the staccato quality of the lilfljtil‘ll)’
of the dialogue irew monotonous
and (lid not create the tension that
the play needed.

The characterimrlions as portrayed
by the three actors did iiol. coini-
up to previous llt'l’lUl‘lllflllt't'h. Collins
was weak, while the movements of
(ioodell. a newcomer to State". foot-
lights, were slilti-d tliroughoi: the
play. liis lines were poorly delirei'ed
bill. at. times the tillltl‘fll'lf‘l'lﬂillitlll did
come through. Miss Williams (‘fll'l'lt'tl
her part adequately enough, but till"
Wondered why she wore the same
housccoat for two scenes and why
if housecoaf'.’ Cosiiiiiie (‘Olillllllll‘t'
take note. Her hand movement as
usual was excellent.

The sets were \ei'y cleverly done.
but some technical defects were up~
parent. I felt that blackouts lllhlt‘flil
of closed curtains on the hint llll‘l'l‘
sci-ties would llflVf‘ provided more
continuity for the play.

l’hyl llari'is presented a aileron}.—
fiil li'ish comedy featuring some new
talent. liei' sets were very realistic.
and one kept looking for life water!
The acting was consistently fine
throughout. Hughes and Nicison
were adequate, while the portrayal
of the sergeant by Hiiiilhh-r war. very
good. The native li‘isli in him help.
t'tl consult-rainy. Keeli- tar surpassed
luol \vct-k’s performance, creating an
t-sci-llent ciiai‘uclt-i'iziition. 'l‘ h t‘
movement and accent were good and
perhaps the only bothersome farm
for was the helmets. 'l‘licy obscured
the laces of" their owners ulniosl
coiiiplt-tely. In spite of past tests,
this play pi-oVes an irlsh author can
be iiitei'pi'eled successfully at State

gown-sicko

By EADE and SCHULTZE

 

 

 THE SAGA or A CLASS  From Beanies To ||

3 );-~ If
The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as  d '

  

author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

G etting
It eady for the
Elegant Junior Weekend which
Pro M ises to be one
L ive time for the
Ent I re school?
Do N 't forget your bids today or a
S omebody might be unhappy tonight.

EXCELSIOR . . .

At last our plea for action in assembly got rolling
in assembly last Friday. It started as thinking about
“old times." For you freshmen. who aren‘t used to.
such goin's on, moving the previous (inaction doesn‘t
mean transporting it somewhere else. Important or
unimportant as a point may be, discussion is all for
the “good of the organization."

THE SUPREME TEST . . .

In the search for knowledge is the evening walk
across the peristyle to the Library on Monday and
Wednesday nights in sub-zero weather. The U .8.
version of a Norweigian snow bath. no doubt. Maybe
entrance to the inner sanctum via fhc door in lower
Draper could be gained by a petition or sonn-thin'.
Anyway. it‘s darned cold!

TO WHOM ['1‘ MAY CONCERN . . .

This issue of the Alumni Quarterly is of special llli~
portance to the grads of ‘48 and '49 who are ill'l‘t‘ do-
ing grad work or outside in the wide, widc world. also
all yoti students here at “dear old State.” interesting
tid-bits of news of former classmates and job place—
ments and news of current interest here zitiStale art-
included. (,opics are in the Library. on the Richardson
bulletin board. in the PO. and in Residence Halls.
You Sayle Hall people will be especially nut-rested
in this month‘s cover. Taki a look you never can tell
what you'll find.

llOW (‘OME . . .

The Commons isn‘t opened until 8:30 lllfs't' (lii\". i
What to do with Connnuiers and ilzlti'ers‘? lHt‘tlilr. A
as though locked doors are the style thcst- day-w

 

 

, til-i7. green beaiiies swarmed

' -  ' -' 'e\i-;il that early in St-ptciiibci' ' |
N W “I”! g‘aily oil to frosli camp

over lllt‘ caiiipiis. laughed at Minnie and trotted

to he iiidoctriiiated with the mysteries of Male.
' ' . . . , . ) .. .' ,

'l‘he (irecn (iremlins were organized with .leiiy lliinn as litsi‘dlt'n‘t

lliv‘ili‘v llf“"|ll 'l spirit of' class unify developed and as we. heal. . )sl
" “HY "- .- - 

k'iiii-i iii relays or lost to the Blue .lays in ping-pour oiii liopts iost lll(

fell We had our share of skits, athletic events and songs and by the
first Moviiig—l'p Day of our i‘\llf‘l’lt‘ll('f‘,

we were really a. class and were
lit-Winning to be noticed in ('iiiiipus activities and organizations.
s
Wth lion FM 'is \‘oph lll’(‘\\', we copped the (anipus Day cup iltlltl
H". i -' 't ".v-'i' ill-
swuiw into rivalry with song and relebiatioii. “1. lost rivaliy in u t
I h A ' ' ~ . ‘ . ‘
'llliY but won it in spirit that left us proud to be (-ieinlins.
i comrades along the way: Alice (-ersh.
of llig-i. l'lleanor (luarino,
.lohii Stevenson and others.

 

e been (‘ampus Night attendants and ushers. We.
"Halo" from St. Mary‘s. . IL
Queen of the Mardi (Eras tonight: Lenoir.
’auline Reimenthal, and Virginia lNorton.

'51 has its share of beauty; there liav
even had an “Angel of‘ ’51“ sponsored by the
One of‘ these young ladies will reign as
Coreoran, Jeanette Zelanls. Shirley llasweil.

 

We lost some of our crew
former treasurer. (ireta (illitlsifiilt‘.. '
l-Iliiioi‘ lliifler, llavc (.ilinaii. lid Aloriiii‘ity.

.‘lfH'llllt'pl'll liay ‘ISI showed us as new _
tions as leaders on ('ziiiipiis. We attended .t'tlllil‘l
sister class in the role of guides. ’rill luilgt'l'llill'h
still pushing ’.'-l on to bigger and better heights.

toast

Juniors iii responsible posi-
'enecs and welcomed our
and his cohorts are

A SUGGESTION (If we may be so bold) . . .

Why couldn‘t a certain day be set. aside betwven ht"
mestcrs or at least during the first week of the sec-
ond semester for the recording of marks by all those
who Were involved in the process. In that. way, we
could get our marks in time to change ('tilli‘st's if
necessary instead of finding out we have to take a
course over again a month after we've been in ‘«('t'~
ond sei‘nestcr‘s classes.

JUST OUT Oi" (‘l'itiOSiTY . . .

We‘ve kept our eye on the pencil sharpcncrs in the
Commons and lower Draper. fioth :ll‘f minus olit'
handle and consequently serve no purpose, itunniin:
up to third floor Draper to sharpen a pencil can :u-i
mighty tiresome sometime. How ll, (‘illllllll‘
Coinniisslon‘.’

about

YOU TOO, (‘AN Bid ONE OF 'l‘lll'." l.l‘(‘Ki’ UNI-ls . . .

To own a handbook every year with iip—lo—datt-
info on organizations. consitution changes. etc. 'f'hai
is if you vote for the motion for more copies- of a son-
covr-r handbook that will conn- iip today in assembh
What can you lose for oiily fit) more?

 

after having been madly rushed by

December came. and I I f
 . .... u ‘ . .it‘. glrs m.
llll‘lldl) uppcitlass soioi , ' ‘ l I H
suddenly found ourselves on the way to formal (lllllllit‘ll:
December. 1947. too. was the month when ‘we illlt‘lul't ‘lom
first college formal—ii full dress affair with( laiide lhoiiit i .

three months. W0
(3()NS’l‘l’l‘l"l‘lt)N (‘ONSli)l£itA’l‘lt)NS . .

A committee from Strident Council is lookinv; into
the possibility of' making assemblies non-compufsor\
and changing the legislative branch of our govern
ment. Something to keep an t-yr- on and think about
for the future Nothing as radical as last \t'nl'.
different. just the same.

 

I"ros|i Camp. iii"! The first
chapter of the inside story of

our life at State.
Inn

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY

Hnr li-osli fin: l, :o:.i. I. .l oti'. u..s iliI‘i-cicd by lloii
lly ‘il‘ll (ii-orgic \i.igiiiess lii‘llit'nlllt'l' flii- flower-filled hulls,
flirt. 'i‘lio.nc's o'i lll.ll llllll"~ .lli’l cmnw'alli' i'cineinln-r liou

' I . . . . HID-D
proud \\t' \lf'fl' cf our ill‘sf new. lllllsll'll slioii .is .i (Lists...

1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1018

 

llA’l'l N(i~—:\l.li-f\.\ll'lltl( ‘.\N

 

 

 

 

 

 

V()l.. XXXIV March ll, lilfif) .’\.o if:
\li-Iiiln'i‘ Iliuti‘Ilinlor
\s-um-inii-tl f‘litli‘glali' l'll“-‘l t‘olfogiait- Ingest
'l'li.» iindi l",.‘i’.|lllllll' in n lull-ll of ill.» ,\‘. n- \oii. .\ lli toi
irgu- Ior ‘ll‘illlil'w, palm owl <\Il\ lliil.l\ oi :lo t'...l.;u
li.ll' |i\ lbw \l.\\s l'n-ii-f l-f iliv ninthni \ .i...::
l'ilunts \\:lf»l. ."l'rl'. liwl .‘hl'l'l, Sci to fill] l iii’vl
~ii'~.' \\-l-o-i' "'ilrl' \lllif HI ..I il.. \l,\\\ 'til llfl‘.
in ft in'lnil lllr ‘ll\ .ilfnl \\<Illl- illi [twin l l-- II at [-
ni liilo.
IIIII \l.\\\ Illi\l(ll
alllltlJA \\ll Isl. ion... in rim-f
lll.l(\.\lll'.| I’I'I I Ill |.I. I‘iiliIH lit-Liliuim Lilifui
lll.\\|'l H. \\ l‘.lll|l‘.ll - \pnris Illlllll
till.“ I} Int l‘\l tiii iil.ilion ‘IiIHiIL'I'T
.lti\\ l‘ \lllfl.l.l. \tIirilisiiig \liiimul'l
\IH ll.\|'.l. flllll I \l'. Illlnllll‘h‘q “filing-i
l.\l'il.-\\ HUI-l l. Il‘lllllll‘ luditol
(l'. I‘.I.I.\ ll.\ I'I I‘ll l‘.\¢ Inaugt- l'lillllbl
titllJlll'} lilil‘.\\l.lt \ssotiiife l'.il|llll'
t.l‘.lt.\l.li_ lil \\ \Moinm- Lilli...
\I.\I\\ l' I'.\/.I‘.l. \ss-u lllll‘ lililoi
Issui- I'Jdifoi's r "I‘l‘lilll'l', lliiiiii. lea/cl, Wolfe
\fl --:.o .. .n it‘lll .. t l i tiffi ml of tin illlllll' and
lion 1' \|.| it... i... t. in w..niouf fill-ill infill -l
to ‘ .lIIf.|i«.l. .i.\\:. i on... i... i...,...ii.ii.ii.it ‘
M HIWMV [Hm M ‘“ MH‘ ‘1 IHHIHMHHHWHH ' ,‘5 NM“. _|”“|"rh “1. ul-t-ct-iu-d" and him-rod
..., ..... i. ...,...V.,...,,, m, ,,.,. ,,_ .,,,_, ,,.,,,., m, WW ‘ i p I I I“ m H ml Mulrmlwr gig, am. In, Nt-IMHI git-m)” I” wrung“ “H. mum... A sum-r. on,th lllllllf‘ll
t r. ‘ a. v', I' .\-.'. ‘iv ‘. ' " . v .' i " '. . U ' ' " '4 i '
...- .‘-i‘|||ll~- “l "”",”I ,” mum) mnliuiill fut in \\ Ill iii-tier us at our first formal iumUU" “1 M“? 5:: out to get a leHIN' “l I)" "ml MW (0 "u"
. t: . ' ~,~.ii Mir .\\l| run I i "i" - ~ ' . u - *' “‘3 ’u H '~ " y “ ' "Nun"
“wife 9 Ale | Ulllllfl‘ I lloift llHl blui- niiiilow bows and more orig ltiices shook brilthh null but “u 3 who made their iiisl official .ipph t
. iigc 3. ~ ‘i- r . .. ‘ r-llr wei‘oim'f.
\ieit. offltla .\

musical c\ti‘a\.ig.iii/..i.

 

iii.il illllt‘\ lit-ialdcd lliis

 

 

