 

 

 

 



name~rsﬂ3wiév~t~w -.

 

 

PAC. ,4-

STATI COLLEGE NIWI. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10. 1950 .

State, College Debaters To Attend
TournamentAt Vermont University

Debate Council has scheduled a
debate tournament at the University
of Vermont, Friday and Saturday.
according to Thomas GodWard ’51,
President of the Council. Twenty
colleges will be represented at this
meet.

Eight students will debate for
State on “Resolved: that non-Com-
munist nations should form a new
international organization.” Includ-
ed will be William Thompson, Eu-

gene Webster, Seniors; Daniel Joy,
Joseph Perisco, Clarence J. Spain,
Jean Welch, Juniors; Anita Lilen-
feld and Robert Berkhoffrer, Sopho-
mores. Judges from State will be
James Shutt, Instructor in English;
Harold Vaughn, Grad; and Thomas
Godward ’51.

Tuesday night, State debated RPI
at state, with State emerging vic-
torious over the visiting Engineers,
from Troy.

Cohen, Hegel To Direct
Lost, Found Department

Due to the loss of so many articles,
Lost and Found will be under the
joint direction of Alice Cohen and
Helen Hagel, Sophomores, accord-
ing to Virginia Norton ’51, Grand
Marshal of Campus Commission.
Miss Norton requests that students
refrain from writing these people
about lost articles unless the articles
have been posted on the Lost and
Found bulletin board.

As soon as an article has been
found and turned in. it will be post-
ed on the bulletin board.

 

 

non-talkative haby...hul one look at his "literary leanings” tells yoii
that tests don’t lliiillilo iii/ii. ’Speciiiily those tricky cigarette tests! As a

smoker, you probably know. too. that one pull or one. shill——

Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests
llumlier 5...'I'I'IE GNU

 

 

“I gnu the answers. . .but I wasn’t talking!”

-[he debating team couldn‘t make much use oi this

or ii lnei'c one-inhale comparison can’t priive very much

ahoiit ti cigarette!

Why not make the sensible lest—the. Ilti—Ilay (Ialnel

Miiiilless 'i'esl. You judge. (Iiiiucl iliilduess and llil\'tll'

in your own "’l‘-/.one" ('l‘ for 'l'hroiil, 'l' for 'l‘iisle)

. . . i'or ill) days. Yes,

lesl (illilit‘lrl as it steady

smoke and you'll see why...

More People Smoke Camels

than any other cigarette!

 

 
     

  
  
 

 
  

' ‘ ' t
«57",
531

any”.

 
   

I” it

i I, A.

i ll. .\ “ All:
I

   

    

 

 

\ gnome. Wku‘t‘f

Busceml, Pignone Lead Siena Win
As Indian Boaters Top State, 1-0

Siena scored a goal early in the
first period last Friday and man- Busceml was the man who saved
aged to Stave 0” repeated Scoring the day for Siena. In the third quar-
attempts by the State Conege boot' ter King rifled a shot far into the
ers to eke out a 1'0 upset over the upper right hand corner that would
boys from Page Hall. Buscemi, Siena hava eluded a less effective goalie
go’ane’ played an oummndmg game but Busceml was right there to block
on defense as his teammate Tony it and an alert Siena halfbeck kick-
Plgnone, center, half. was playing ed the ball away before King could
outsmndmg Offenswe ban' get another shot in. Nunez' was also
robbed of a good scoring opportu-
nity when Busceml fell with the ball
and then proceeded to thwart the
attempts of Nunez to kick it through
until he could regain his balance
and clear the ball.

 

In the early moments of the first
quarter Siena scored on a lazy drib-
bling shot by Pignone which just
rolled past the outstretched arms
of Fennenbach. who had slipped in
his attempt to reach the ball. The
intermittent rain that had fallen Tomorrow State plays Plattsburgh
all day and the overcast Sky that in the last game of the 1950 season.
brought darkness very early liam- The game will be played at Bevel._
pared bow teams' wyck park at 2 pm. Plattsburgh
suffered an 8-2 trouncing at the
hands of the Feds in an earlier cou-
test but since then they have bounc-

Mathews Announces ed back to down ABC in two com
Grad Placements tests, 10-0 and 4-0.

(Continued from Payoff, Column 1)

 

Plattsburgh felt that in a previ-
ous game we gained a slight edge
, , because of the large 'l‘Oll) of re-
MCConf’lne 42v Oppenhelmv Math' serves that Coach GaECialuscd iii
Cmamcsv Somme; the game. Due to this fact Platts-
burgh is asking that we dress only
sixteen men for the game. Coach
Mathematics; Sarah Caruso ’50. S‘gatk )li:l\l:.:;”n;lﬂcwgo Laurie/’13::
Genoagl English Spamsnl. John of the boys who saw action in the
Le'lom‘” 00' HRCkett ‘lumm High Plattrburgh gallie have since work-
SL 190,]; Albilniv' Selene? Jane Pm" cd their way to the first string and
“on” "9: F1.?CV1110'_F115L‘ and SFFC' Conch Garcia is very disheartened
‘63“. Elude” G101!“ (“Him 00' at having to cut the squad at this

ashiiigton, D.C.. Junior High Lat- 1.1“. mm
in. English; William Lyons '50. ‘ ‘ ‘ '
State Education Department. Re-
search Assistant; Joscph Wells '49.
East Syracuse. English; Richard
Dolls '44. Stratford, Principal. Stan-
ley Wodiii '42. Port Dickinson, Jilli—
‘ior l-llgh Social Studies.

Also listed were: Donald O‘Hare
'50. Raveiia, Junior High Science,

 

‘7u1u‘n’ 9n 71w 7044»:

By LOU BEIIRINGER

 

Music. iliuslc. music—the town is
Other job placements include: alive with it from “long-haired coil-
Alldl'Cl’ Gl'C‘CllU '50. JCthél'HOIl. Ens- certs" to the latest popular artists
lish. Library: Lloyd Olson '41, Cllf- “ml gong stylists ! l ! Horace
Lon Springs. Commerce; James Heidi. will be featured iii the R.P.I.
Baiiiiigiirteii ‘50, Central Vulltly. Ficidliousc on Sunday evening, No-
English: Edglu' Stevens ‘50. Culi'o. Vt‘llll)t.‘l' 12. His show will contain
Mathematics: Willlllm Blnsbcru '49. liiuiiy slurs. including" those who
Red Hook. Mathematicn; Fred Al- have won on his amateur show.
stoii '50. Lansingburgh. Junior High
English. Social Studies; Robert The First Piano Quartet will be
French '50. Ghent. Filth and Sixth ill the Palace Theatre on Tuesday
crude-s; Anna Murray '32. Scotlu. night. November 14. at 8:30. This
Fourth grade; Mill'iol'll‘. Durycu '50. group of artists are very well—known
Hyde Park. Latin. English. through their records, radio and
television shows and concerts. Since
The following were also included: int-1.- prognln] will consist of boll]
lﬂlllelJt'lll [(01le '50. “HULK ill-‘l'l'l- it will provide excellent entertain-
tlltiolull Aide; ElllebClll Ulllkll '47. classical and semi-classical works.
General Electric. S(!ll(!llt‘(ililldi’: Wll- lncllt for everyone. The tickets are
liiiin G. Miller '47. Willllllllh‘l‘l'H priced from $1.20 to $3.60. tax in-
l“llll.\'. Social Studies; Donuld Siiy- eluded.
lcs ‘iiti. Sciienccliidy, Mullicilultlcs.
Science: P. Leslie Shaw ‘48. Union The Allmny ()ivlc Music A5500“..-
Hill'llllls. Social Studies: Jllllll‘ﬁ lion has reduced the price of season
liluckbiirn ’50. Andes, Science; Mrs. tickets to $4.50 for the three. m-
l'lll‘lllllll' Plhllll '50. lil‘bllllllll Sill‘llltl'h‘. imilning concerts. which include the
Library. English: Murlu Smith '38. Rochester (livic. Orchestra. directed
Averill Park. Commerce: Gertrude by (my [arugul- nun-130“, This mm-
Million ‘48. Collecton. Library. So- (ml-l will I". mod “I H“. (mum Thu-
ciul Studies; Dorothy 'l‘everln ‘47, “(,1‘011Hp in inn-umber.
Louilcnviiic. liibl‘ui‘y; Mrs. (lerti'ude
llrown ‘iiti. Brookhiivcn National Hp]‘|".\ n chum-e l'oi- ski enthusiasts
lillblll‘llllll')’. U illOll. lilllllll‘lllrlll')‘ to check up on their technique.
'l‘ci'lllllclull. 't‘iici'e will be ll ski forum on No«
veinher ill at llic Albany Playhouse,

NW illlll'Wl “1“ hi”- HmPW“ '50- which will include movies and ice-

(iowiindu. (lonunerce; .lohn illrd Hm.“ (“I m“. (,1' wimpy-H “HM p01».
'50. Port. l)lckcnson. .luiiloi' High “m,- HUM-1,5.

Mutiieiiiutlcs. Science; Alvin Fcid—

iluiii '50. Laurens. Lulln. English; Hutchim Releaseshfommﬁon
llililii lilvenbui'g '-lii. Voorheesviile For Religious A” Exhibmon
Central School. English, llusiiicss;

Sl'lll‘lll‘l'lllllil The Art Apprccliiiloli class will
have an exhibit of art ill religion
according to Hillll iii. ilulchuis.
l’l'lill‘h’h‘ill‘ of Art. The exhibit will he
on second floor l)ruper Niiveinbei'
ill-ill inclusive.

l’uul llurselnw 'ilti.
English; liiliznbelh (Truss Tit). Schuy-
lervilie. English. (termini; lilll‘llli
Kunv. "l'l. llcilmore. Social Studies.

 

It)". lllM‘lil‘N'l‘ 'I‘l)
S'l‘llllliiN'l‘S iiiiil li‘At‘llli'l‘Y The exhibit will not. cover all per-
UN “I‘W‘Hlns toils ol url of llll phases of religion.
   hiil ll will loucii lipon painting.
ui'ciuieclurc. sculpture. iiild nioiililch.
ltitl Central Ave. 02-02751 Art exhibited will he il‘ilill fiilli

“In.” “vumnm um” 0:90 century (lrecce lo the present. lll
Alllel‘li'u.

 

 

HAVE lti‘J/i -——- ()N FOO!) (‘US'I‘S —— SAVE l0%

B0lllEliilRll 0AFETERIA

PHONE 5—1913
“MEET AND lfA'l‘ AT THE llOUl."
ALBANY. N. Y.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

ills-1:00 oiiN'rnAI. AVENUE
MEAL 'l‘liih'lll’l‘r‘i ——

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NIWB.

 

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10. 1050

PAGI B

 

 

3o; Edge

By PAUL BUCHMAN

 

These are the dog days for sports
writers (if I may be so bold to so
label myself). It's the iii-between
season. Soccer is almost over. and
activity in that field has slowed
down to a trot. It’s too early to
write about varsity basketball. and
intramural news. now that the sea-
son is nearly over. is slight. So it‘s
a period for theorizing. for thinking.
for analyzing. It's a time for argu—
ing with the other members of the
sports staff about who is going to
play in the Rose Bowl, about the
big flop, so far, of the Minneapolis
Lakers, about Rickey and the Pi-
rates. and about Gussie‘s Panties. It‘s
even a time to think about athletics
at State. Some people do!

First. let's make sonic basic as-
sumptions, that is. points upon
which we must iill agree bel'orc we
start.

We All Like a Winner

One point—in general. everybody
likes to see a. winner representing
their school. A corollary to that. of
course. human nature being what it
is. is that to get a winner. efforts
must be made iii that direction. But
above and beyond this. as proved in
schools throughout the country.
these steps must consist of more
than drilling a team. This implies
a system, More of this anon.

Next, we must agree that varsity
athletics are. ill general iugainl. not
successful. from 11 won alid lost
viewpoint. Consult basketball and
baseball records to prove this. So
you bring up the. soccer team and
say. “Look. wise guy. this team has
won four while losing two. How
about that!"

Who Have We Beaten?

So. who have we beaten? Siena.
who until they beat us l-U hadn't
won ii game. alld whose only claim
to fame is ii hot-shot goalie who is
drawing Siglimn l.audis ratings from
every coach in the area. AM“! We
beat. them twice. That‘s the team
whose coach confided l.o lilc that he
considers it ii moral victory when
he is able to gel. eleven men out, to
it practice.

Anyway, another assumption we
must make is that to have a winning
team We must have a system. What.
is it system? It comprises ii lot. of
things. It means llll efficient ath-
letic publicity bureau that lets all
of New York State know when we've
won a game. ltclnelnbcr':l “Every-
body loves :1 winner.“ It. means it sub
l'oizu scouting system throughout the
SLJLL‘ to locille promising athletes
ulid steer them on the high road to
NYSC'l‘. l’l‘iiis is one of the l)tli'tl~
doses of our situation. We have po-
tentially lilli' ol' the gi'eiilesi scout-
lug systems in the country. i.e..
graduates lll every high school in
the stoic iliigii schools are our
source of wculthl. but it. is not or-
l.',ll|ll7.l‘(l.i it means assistants in the
athletic department to liiilldle ml—
ililnlstrlilive duties as well as help
the comb with his coaching. No
conch can do his best when he ice»
to worry about runnini the gym
chases. bundling inli'ilinilruls. buck-
ill; MAA. udlninislrulion details ill
the tllllll'lil‘ ileptii'iineiil. giving
pluses to his players. arranging for
triiiispol'intioli. etc. etc. etc, A svs-
l.cnl ul~o llll‘illlh llnll the school rec-
ognlze the speclul needs us well an
l‘iillillllllllt‘w of these varsity :ilh—
leles by pi'o\liliiig "i‘l'lillli important
details such iii» ii li‘illlilill', luble :.o
they can t‘iil like men lll‘ull'litl of
ladies. Hpi-cllll needs. also brine. up
the subject ol oll'el‘llip. llitllil'l‘llit‘li'h
to uliilelcs by. sh~h-ii. oil'erlmv. them
a better l'lllill'lli‘l. lull we won't go
iliio that now lllislciiiiy. lli'li. this
luck oi lli‘iiiilli‘mllillll unit system is
the l‘t‘ii‘vllil for the itllllil'i' oi vill'slly
lilllll‘llt'fx lit Hlate (‘ollcile l"llllill‘l‘ ii
is. too. since Hlliic linsll't iiud 11 real
powerhouse to represent it since
World Will' i days. when ti U H
Army iiilll was sliitioncd iii-re. iiiiii
most other colleges were depleted
ill iiiiinpower

Win-ri- (lili'H the iiiiiil ilc';I lit'h
easy to blame. blame, bliiincl Not
in our college. because none oi the
hl‘lli'ilil‘h l have mentioned i'eiplli'c
money. llllil we aren't lil\’i‘li i-noullll
oi ii budget by the Slate oi New
York to work with, So see this space
next week for my suggcslioiis.

Bowlers Paced
Into League Lead

By McDonald

State's keglers gained undisputed
possession of first place in the In-
tercollegiate Bowling League as a
result of their three-game sweep of
ABC Wednesday night while Siena
dropped one of its games to Phar-
macy. Incideiitly, it was only the
second game that Pharmacy has
won all season but it meant the
difference between a tie for. or un-
disputed possession of first place for
the Statesman.

Finks Win 'Must' Game, 12-6;
Red Raiders Hold Potter To Tie

Raiders Passing
Evens Contest

A hard fighting and highly spir-
ited Red Raiders team almost pull-
ed the upset of the season last
Tuesday when they held the vaunt-
ed Potter Club team to a 13-13 tie.
In passing the Raiders held the

 

Raiders Sweep
To Filth Win,-
Waiker Shines

Wednesday, the Red Raiders.
playing their second game in as

Mike Lamailiia and Don McDon- edge “5 “my completed seven 0‘” many days rolled to a 14-0 victory.

aid paced State with triples of 5'78.
and 588 respectively.

The first two games were taken
by substantial

of ten as compared to Potter’s four
out of seven averages.

Potter Club Starts Drive
The game looked as if it was to

The game looked as though it was
going to be a rather tight one at
first as the Raiders, evidently tired.

margins with the be all Potter at the beginning as lost the ball on downs. However,

last game not being decided until Carter and Tauroney, behind great Bennett 30": fillings EOlng as he
the last frame when Don McDonald blocking. moved from their own 10 blOCREd and recovered a klcli by

got a spare while Klsselback was to pay dirt in 7 plays. Tauroney Victor.

Walker then carried the

missing his. As a result of this, was the mail who scored the TD leather over from 15 yards out. This
State copped by a margin of ex- from 8 yards out as he followed was the first 0f Walker's three TD'S.

actly one pill. 834—833.

This Friday afternoon State rolls
Pharmacy at the Siena alleys.
Starting time is 4 pm.

The individual scores are as fol-
lows:
ABC l 2 1 ’l‘
Kot ................... .. 166

 

 

Carter around his right end.

As the second period began Taur-
olley once more carried the plgskill
over for Potter. this time from 6
yards out. The Raiders somewhat
less nervous now. recovered a bad
shift and drove to the 6 inch line
only to lose the ball 011 downs.

At the beginning of the second

all of which were accompanied by
superb blocking on the part of his
teammates.

In the second quarter. Walker.
Hoppey. and Ryan scored. Walker
scored from twenty yards out and
then threw passes of 25 and 8 yards
to Hoppey aiid Ryan. respectively.
The Annex defenses were now com-

467 half. Potter looked as if it was go- plctely shattered and the Raiders

Hobbs ................ ., 137 185 180 502 ins tolsew the came up as it drove scored at will.
 -. deep iito Raider territory. Only a
C fl .............. .. 1 6 lit) 4
K'lllqll'l; .1. Z7 1 1 ) 497 timely interception by Hoppey The only score in which Walker
“59 ll“ ----- ~ 101 170 146 67 thwarted this drive. As the quarter did not figure started off the second
Tonkln  120 .... .. 284 ended. the Raiders had the ball on half. This TD was a pass from Hop-
Burke ,,,, .. 172 172 the oppositions 20 yard line with pey to Bennett which covered 30
_______ a 11 first down. yards. It was here that the Annex
. . came closest to scoring as Lewis
'l‘otul .. .  795 761 833 2889 Rnulcrs llit Pay Dirt . . . . . .
The Raiders (lid not flub this  {81 km)?” “lids ionly to b?
sum. 1 z 3 '1‘ scoring chance and on second down boundg “C m ‘5 em) “‘3 0m 0
Burt 146 159 154 459 Walker faked a pass and ran around “
t I """"""""" " , his end for the Raidcr's first score. As we last )Cnod berm, the
Elk/ifllln“ """""" "     Finally. their passing attack began to Raiders moved lfmm mlé’nefd m
lllhl ------------------ n J I 0 0 click mid big Bennett pulled down the“. Sixth “my, m five plays. The
Sniklcdam ...... .. 162 190 162 514 two fine catches on passes from final may was n quarterback Sneak
MacDonald ...... .. 205 192 191 588 wulkm' L0 PM {he ball 0“ “‘9 Pol' by Walker from the six-inch line. A
___ £011} WON):- rHel'ftuzf lRMdel‘S dei' twisting run by Hoppey after snag-
‘ , _ ll «0 .l’ 0“ Ollgl 161‘ Opponen 5 "lug a was from Walker end the
'lolai ............... .. 857 899 8.34 .3590 and sending out. Bennett as a de- toughdolwn parade, ed

Angels Triumph;
Buchanan Scores

A hard fighting Red Raider team
outplayed ii. sluggish Aligci squad
bill. came out. on the short elid of
7-0 score iii. Page Field last.
'l'lllll'h‘tlll)‘. Employing short passes
with great success the Redmen kept
their fees hack on their heels 111]
through llll' game.

coy they threw a pass to Hartman
who was a sleeper in the rigllt flat.
This kiiottcd the score at 13 all aiid
gave tllc Raiders a chance to take
the lead but the extra pollit pass
by Walker fell out of the end zone.

KDR Wins 13-12
In Rough Game

KDR squcuked out a 13-12 vic-
tory over the Finks Friday to gain
ii tie for the Page league crown.

Will Battle KDR

For Page Crown

Interceptions and a bad hike
from center were the factors which
told the tale in the “must” game
played betWeen KB and the Finks
Monday. The Finks gained the right
to meet KDR for the Page League
title by defeating KB 12-6.

Midway through the first period
Al Kaehn picked off a pass thrown
by Abe Blattman and romped 35
yards for a score.

At the start of the second stanza,
KB picked up a first down at mid-
field. They were forced to give up
the ball shortly thereafter as Paul
Ward threw Abe Blattman for a loss
on an attempted fourth down pass.
Buddy Moore swept his own left
end for ten yards and on the next
play the ever alert Nate Fallek in-
tercepted a flat pass thrown by
Champlin and raced for the tying
TD. The score at the half was 6-6.

With time running out and a tie
becoming more evident, the Finks
began to roll. They moved to the
KB 11 yard line on a reverse-pass
from Kaehn to Yole. The rugged
KB defense did not yield an inch
in four plays and they took over
with 2 minutes left to play. Danny
Ganeles came lilto the game to kick
out of danger, but a bad pass from
center sailed over his head into the
end zone. He was pursued by the
entire Fink lliie led by Ward and
Sonberg. In order to avoid a safety,
Ganeles picked the ball up and in-
tentionally grounded a forward
pass. This action gave the Finks
possession of the ball on the KB
two yard stripe. Oil the first play
from scrimage, Al Kaehn went over
for the clincher. A KB fumble on
the ensuing kickoff was recovered
by Sonberg. This bit of action "iced"
the game for the winners.

 

Woe-94w

By PHYLLIS HARRIS

NYSFWAA means New York
State Federation of Women's Ath-
letic Associations. This group is
holding their State Conference Oil
December 1-3 at Vassar College lil
Poughkecpsie. Albany State will send
two official delegates who will have
voting powers and three unofficial

“1“ ""ll' Olmi-‘llve “WU-‘1' CHE“ Ariel- nn exchange of punts. KDR representatives. The opening speak—

ncci'ed by either tcuili in the first.

recovered a fumbled kick on the

cr will be Miss Elleii Griffin, the

13”” W“ “""0".‘l’““hed by “‘0' losers' Fink 12 mid advanced to score. The National Sccrctiiry of the Athletic
him” I’ll-“"5 “"m‘ “mm” m 80”” pay-off play was a pass from Bob Federation of College Women. M010

nett brought the ball up to the An-
gel 10 yard line. Hoppcy piiiiigcd
for five ilil(l Walker sneaked for
three yards. but before they could
l'llll off another play the clock ex-
plrcd.

Angels Move After Kickoff

The Angels look the second hull
boot. iilid rcclcd off 3 first downs

lo the Raider 15 l’tli‘ll iliie but the Kaolin brought the pigskin to the lJllbllCllll P

l“l'(lh‘ll held lllld look over on downs.
'l‘lll lute in the last period. the
teams M'c-sllll‘i‘d around the mid-
llciii hll'ipc. Willi loiir minutes left
to play li brilililni run by laid Adiiiiio
moved the leather to the liiiklci' iii.
The Angels could only get. to the
ii and Hil\'l‘ up lhc hull iiguin. Two
plays later l’ete l‘lilwkllls stole ll
Walker pass and returned it to the
iliie of scrimnnige. Mike llllov. faded
to his left. ulid passed to Chet
illichuiiun on the one: Chet fell
iiilo the end mile for the only 'l‘l)
of the name. llllle. passed to Harry
.loiiiison Ior the seventh point.

The Angels lulined possession of
the ball as liliiii-umin recovered
Walker‘s illinbie near the end of
lhe game The winners run the
clock out on 11 series of sWi-cps.
lilioy. going all the way to the fluid-
l‘l' one yard line on the lust play
oi the game.

lieiiiiell. Walker. and Ryan were
outstanding as they threw the Hi
Miii‘_\".‘l piihsei'i. ior lui'ge losses tliiie
nilel' tilne.

lit/\llillilih' (l l) (i (i ii
ANGELS. . .(l l) 0

Hullsncr to Bill Wiley. Not to be
denied, the Finks scored ii minute
later on it short pass, Ray Champ-
ilii to Pill. Dooley. the latter ambliiig
31 yards lifter the catch. The first.
quurtcr ended 6-6.

The Finks took the second half
kickoff illid moved to a score in a
seven pliiy series of runs uiid puss-
es. Fine catches by Moore and

three yurdlhic. From this point.
(‘hninplln plunged over.

In the early liioinents of the fliiui
period, lliiusner threw a fourth
down desperation puss which Duvc
l’iilmcr niliiered in us he slid on
thc turf in the end zone. This score
tied the game at 12-12. (in the all
important extra point pluy. KDR

forged to the front. as Wiley threw
to lliiusner for the margin of vic-
tol‘y.

y
l$‘

AT 7”;

 

\w I  ere di/iiieshidenliMCEl

SWEET SHOP

785WisonAve.b;ibdnﬂi,Nji~/Kirk

dorm DAILY AT BA.M.‘

of this later.

WAA iit NAC

WAA is also looking forward to
the National Athletic Conference at
the University of Michigan. All of
the Colleges of the state are co-
opcriitiiig to make the American
Federation of College Women Con-
vention even bigger than the Re-
ili'ty Conventions. As yet.
the number of delegates have not
been decided upon. but council his
established for it certainty that
State is going to resliiiic its pro-war
partlclputloli iii this national or-
ganization. Various activities are be-
ing set. up which will add to the cli-
Joymeiit of ill] concerned and also
to set. up a. fluid to defray expenses.
Right now under consideration:

A MAA-WAA l-liiyridc mid Square
Dance . . Whiter Weekend .

        

 

 

After—game dances . . . Also. ally
suggestions from the masses will be
WCl'COlllCCl. Our motto: “To Michi-
gan this April or Bust."

Although State bowed to Green
Mountain last Tuesday ill the.
hockey thriller of the ages with a
score of 4—3). the gals are again
playing host to another noted school
—Russeli Sage. The Trojans fronl
Sage should present. quite ii chal-
lenge. Our girls are able to meet it.
however. Although our intercollegi-
ate team has not practiced as a
team for any great length of time.
it‘s pretty evident that they’re on
the bull.

 

Buy, not only your own
(‘hristilias cards at the
(‘o-op. but those of your
family.

Tell them about our selec-
tion. Buy them under the
(‘o-op plan.

Save Money

liiiy them early for best sc-
lection.

Have them printed.

25 cards for $1.00

l-llilliiiui'k. Wiilkinson. Brownie
lllilti‘k Prints. Wliltc its Wyckofl'
(‘tll'( H.

STATE 00l.l.EOE
00-0?

 

 

 

 

