PMI I

‘ gum-31d»
‘ meant: and sonuurzr.

The Common-Stator is given the toidest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sun COLLIOI
News.

NOTE OF THANKS . . .

to Mr. Fossieck, principal of Milne. As you remem-
ber we stated in this column last week about a rumor
going around about the opening of Milne. Mr. Fos-
sieck informed us of the facts which will be found in
a News article this week.

NO PARKING . . .

The ﬁrst time we saw cars on the lawn behind
Draper we wondered who had been out the night be-
fore and forgot to remove his cylinders from the
premises. Upon inquiry, we found that the cinders
out there comprise our faculty parking lot . . . seems
a little small and we'd like to suggest more space and
more cinders for the faculty cars.

YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE THEM CREDIT . . .

The frosh, that is, for their publicity on the Big:4.
The dolls (paper, we mean) hanging around lower
Draper sure liven up the spot and we especially like
the big one in the Commons.

THE CASE OF THE POSSIBLE
UNBALANCING BUDGET . . .

From now until the end of the year, you’ll prob-
ably be hearing quite a bit about money, budget,
and cutting so here goes with the prelims . . . how
about cutting out all key lines and providing for a
standard SA key to be given for activities (no mat-
ter how many). It would save quite a bit and cut
out this business of people getting on an organiza-
tion for just the key~all this, of course if the key
contracts could be broken.

. and so far this year, $1100 has been drawn
from the surplus and as yet the loan fund hasn’t
been taken out. This will take at least another year,
we’re told before all the red tape involved can be
cut. So any budget deﬁcit should not be made up
through surplus—and it should remind us not to be
too free with our money next year.

. . . Also the question arises—what organizations
belong in the budget. This argument will probably
come up during the budget assemblies so be thinking
about it.

IN OUR OPINION . . .

This year’s Primer was tops from what we’ve seen
in past years. Congrats go to Fran Kessler and her
staff for the magazines. We’d like to see more people
contribute to this because after all, it does spend
our money and for the amount spent, it should be
more representative of the student body.

THE “WEARERS OF THE GREEN . . .

For you Juniors—the Kelley green hats and arm
bands are really sharp and you can expect the Senior
rings on May 3 and 4, so start saving up those pen-
nies now.

THEY TELL US . . .

That MAA and WAA have completed plans for con-
solidation and now all that remains is for the ﬁnal
draft of plans. Sounds like a more efﬁcient set-up
to us and we're all for it.

THE BALI. IS REALLY ROLLIN’ . . .

on toward Moving-Up Day and the end of the year.
With elections in the air, sing rehearsals and party
and prom plans, the end is really in sight. How about
some comments from you—either via the Common
Stater, or the News on how you felt things went this
year—sort of for the “good of the order” as Tony
would say.

SIGNS OF THE TlMES . . .

Spring is sprung . . . as you can see . . . people
studying or smoking in the peristyles . softball
on Page Hall ﬁeld . . . students sitting on the front
stairs of Draper . . . cottons being donned by “les
femmes" and those sparklers being worn by the ladies.
'52 FOR ’52 . . .

Hats off to the class of '52 and their drive to adopt
a war orphan. Watch the dummy in lower Draper
and notice the changes as the money collected for
this drive increases. And also on the topic of the
class of ’52, the Busy Bee has been arousing quite a
little comment lately, so if you can get a hold of
the last couple of issues. they make some food for
thought and debate.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916
BY THE CLASS OF I918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

April 21, 1950 No. 23

Member Distributor

Anuoclnted Collegiate [’i‘cua (‘ollekhlle “limit
The undergraduate newspaper of Ilin New York Stiilo (‘olr
logo for 'l‘oiicliorii; publislii-d every li'l'lilily of the College
your by the NEWS lioiiril for [be Student Association.
plum”; willing, '..' illil'.‘, l“l'|'|‘l, 2-0120; Helium iind l-‘iirrell,
li-UZX“, \\'ii!ibor 2 0012. )liiiiilii-ra of the NEWS staff may
be reached ’l‘uoiiiiiiy lliiil “l'illll‘i‘illlly from 7 to llziill p. in.
iil 3-0407.

 

VOL. XXXIV

'I‘IIIC NI'HIH "0A III)

HlllltliEY WIL'I'HI'J ~ - ~ - - - - I‘lllllor-In-Chlof
III‘ZI‘NAIH‘Z'I‘TI': li‘lIl'JICI. - - - - I'lllillc Ilolnllolll Editor
DIANE H. “'I’ZIIIIER - - ~ - - - - - Sport» Rllltor

('lruuiiitlon Manager
Ailroi'tlslng lilunulcr
unuluos- Manager

Venture Editor
- ltxcliungc Editor
- Animal-ta [Mltor

“RACE RUIN.“ - — l - . _ . .
JUAN FARRELL - - - - - .
MICHAELCOR'I‘I'JNF— - - - . .
I‘JVICIJ‘N WOLFE - — — - - - . . -
l'l'iIlI'ZLIA IIA'I'TIN’II -
HULIHIC "RI‘JNNI‘JR
HERALD DUNN — -
MARY FEN'IJCI, -

Annoclulo Rilltur
Aunolnta Editor

 

All (liilliliilllill'ﬂllitlin nlmiilil lw addressed to the editor and
lllllnl be signed. .\.l|lli‘.1 will he williliold upon rmpieiit.
'I'bo H'l'A'l'l'.‘ (‘iililJiliil-J MGWH nonunion no respoiislillity

fur opinions Ollil't'nnwl lli lln ('Uilillllld or communications
ll llil‘ll expressions do not iim'oiiaurlly reflect its View.

-9

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 2|. 1930

Ma 0; 71:. my

 

By JEAN

OK. so I’ll give ya the scoop on
this act

Artie-boy is the big Joe in Bri-
tain, see? While he's still a kid, he
scrounges around the suburbs, sit-
ting in on a few small deals here
and there. But the rake-off on this
kinda stuﬁ’ is only peanuts. So he
gathers his boys together to work a
protection racket. But he's gotta
have a front, so he calls the whole
thing the Round Table, see?

Now Artie's got a moll, Guene-
vere. But she’s a slippery. sort of a
broad, and she’s been making time
with Slugger Lancelot, the muscle-
inan of the mob. All the time they're
drifting of! to their hideaway, and
they’re not cutting anybody in on it.
If they did, whoever knew about it
might sing to Artie, and whatta
mess! But Artie, the boob, don’t
even have an inkling that Gwenny
and Slugger are all gone on each
other.

Merlin is the brains of the mob,
see? When some foreign jokers try
to muscle in. he puts the double-
whammy on them. He’s a handy guy
to have around when things get hot.

One day Pretty-Boy Gallahad gets
the screaming meemies and says he
sees the Grail. "Lemme go, lemme
go, Artie, I gotta follow this thing!
Don't ﬁght this, it‘s bigger’n both
of us!" Artie puts the pressure on
him to stick around. but no go.

Natch when Pretty-Boy takes off,
the Surity Squad is pretty much shot.
Besides, Slugger and Gwenny have
really been going out on the town
(a little burg called Camelot). Artie
is getting too old to handle all this
and his favorite gat, Excalibur, is
getting rusty. But Artie is too smart
an operator not to have ﬁgured out
a gimmick, ya know what I mean.
an angle. So when a rival mob, led
by a joker named Modred, raids the
headquarters, Artie takes off on his
let-propelled, along with a dozen
lushes, to where he’s got some loot
stashed away.

Meanwhile Gwenny and Slugger

amuumwahmi

To the Editor:

We all realize that the closing off
of the center stairs in Draper is a.
necessary evil, and that the conges-
tion at both ends of the hall can
not be avoided.

Why must the situation be ag-
gravated?

Why not leave the stairs which
lead from lower Draper to the Li-
brary open for the rest of the term?
This would make it possible for
those students commuting between
the Library and the Commons to
avoid using the narrow flight of
stairs at the end of Draper. which is
now the only possible way of get-
ting to the Library.

 

 

Not only would this help some-
what to relieve the congestion. but
would provide another badly needed
exit in case of ﬁre!

Sincerely,
Renee Harris ‘50

 

 

INESON

have had a tiﬁ’, they give each other
the gate. Slugger says to her, “Take
a powder, baby, I’m cleaning this
dump tonight. A guy can’t hardly
make a nickel anymore around
here."

“Listen, Poopsie, take your marbles
and go home yourself, will ya? I
gotta date at eight at Almsbury.”

So this leaves the Round Table
out into little squares. But it was
time for a new racket anyway.
Cripes.

 

&w%l&mwu

By PAT BRADY

 

Just in case there aren’t enough
events going on around the college
to keep some of you busy, here is a
round-up of events to come in the
Albany area.

The current presentation of the
Playhouse is “Light up the Sky” by
Moss Hart. Tonight and tomorrow
night will be the final chance to see
this play, in which Dr. Paul Pettit
of our faculty makes his third Play-
house appearance. On Tuesday
night, Garson Kanin's Broadway
smash hit, “Born Yesterday," will
open at the Playhouse. May I remind
you again of the reduced student
rates effective at the Playhouse on
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
nights.

Musical events coming up in the
area include the final concert of the
season of the Civic Music Associa-
tion on Tuesday night. The concert
will present the famous Apollo Boys’
Choir of Dallas, Texas. On April 29,
the concert band of Harvard Uni-'
versity will appear in Albany at
Phillip Livingston High School; and,
on Sunday night, April 30, the Al—
bany Symphony orchestra will pre-
sent the ﬁnal concert of its season
at the Playhouse, Edgar Curtis,
conducting.

For the ﬁrst time in several sea—
sons, the famous Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo will come to the stage
of the Palace Theatre, Wednesday
night, May 10. In past seasons, the
Monte Carlo group have been tre-
mendously popular with Albany au-
diences. Included in the company
are Alexandra Danilova and Fred-
eric Franklin, who are considered
to be the leading ballet dancers in
the United States at the present
time. In spite of the name of this
illustrious group, and the names of
some of its stars, the company is a
thoroughly American one.

 

To the Editor:

In last week's Letter to the Editor,
Norman Schramm made some se-
rious accusations against a respon-
sible ofﬁcer of Student Association.
These obviously pointed accusations,
if true, indicate a weakness in the
structure of our government. We
must have a government in which
we students can have faith. We,
along with many others, would like
to know what the situation is.

Herbert Ginsberg '50
Thomas Yolc ‘52

 

lit-printed from Maynlilbll
issue of ESQUIKE

 

Shot.

Copyright l‘JCO by Esquire, lnr.

“Dill you say sonic:.'..':ig, dour?”

Open or Closed? - . .

Three problems arise annually in connection with
the State College Library. They are: “Why must
the door from lower Draper be closed?” “Why
can’t we take books out of the State Library di-
rectly, instead of going through the irritating de—
lay and inconvenience of sending for them through
our library?" “Why can’t sudents go into the li-
brary stacks?”

The ﬁrst problem has recently come up again
with the closing of the Draper corridor door zinc.
stairs.

These stairs were built after the stocks were
added under the Library. They were never in-
tended for student use, but were a more or less
makeshift arrangement so the librarians could get
up and down to the stacks. Their primary use is
still to allow access of the librarians to the stacks.
Most libraries have some sort of elevator trans-
portation to the stacks. Ours walk.

Students using these steps between classes de-
lay the librarians. At that time, the steps get so
crowded that the librarians actually have no ac-
cess to their own stacks. During the between-pe-
riods lull, there are still enough students coming
and going to waste the time of the librarians. The
time of these workers is especially valuable. because
the library. according to national standards, is
under-staffed.

At the inconvenience of the Library, students
are allowed to come and go up and down lhc
dangerous stairs (librarians are covered by insur-
once, but students might sue) from Thanksgiving
to Easter. The stairs, in addition, contribute noise
to the library. They would not be a satisfactory
emergency exit because of their dangerous narrow-
ness and twisting.

The State Library poses as much of a problem to
the Library as it does to researching students. (lol-
ling books for students means extra work. The
edict that college students in the Albany urea cun-
nol personally take out books comes not from our
lll)l“.il'_\’, but from the State Library. Basically. the
State Library deals with institutions. not people,
and although exceptions to this rule are made,
college students must conform.

As for the stacks. they are now so crowded lllill
they have been pluch only two feet apart Any
one person in the aisles means a detour for others
trying to go through. Students in the stacks would
simply stop all library activity in them. The help
shortage means that the books could not be pul
back on the shelves quickly. In the new library,
which will probably not become :1 reality for several
years, open stocks are planned.

It seems that the library has been subjcclcd to
criticism for circumslzniccs which arc cithcr out of
its hands or llllil\’(il(liilll(‘.

Did You, Yet? - - -

There are three important things to rcmcmbcr
about lhc currcnl tuberculosis X-rnys. (inc, they
are compulsory for all the lllt‘llllli‘l'S of llli‘ student
body (unless the student chooses to pay for his
own). Two, the time is short. if (my person has
possibly missed reporting for his cxznninulion dur—
ing his "lli'sl viiczinl period," he must do it today
by 4:30 pm. Third, the in‘ccssily und vulnc of
rcgulur cxuminzilions has llt‘t'll proved (i\'(‘l' .‘lllll
o\’i‘l‘.

"l don't wont to know" is on out of dulc slulw
Illi'ill. l‘lspcciully for people of the age of collegi-
students, correcting the disease bcforc it gels l)i‘-
yond ils curly stages pays off. You might have il.
ll you found out in lime you could curc il.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. AI’RIL 2|

9 am.-
12 noon Compulsory Chi-s1 X-i'tiys. Cilli'li'i‘lil
1-4 pm. Compulsory Chest X—roys, (:iil'otcrlu

SATURDAY, APRIL 22

lo on). Business Conference, Pici'cc Hall
13:30 pm. li'l't‘ﬁliillilll Big-4, Pogo Hull
MONDAY, APRIL 24

3:.‘1‘Upin. il‘i'cshmun Orientation

'l‘lll'Ih‘TiAY, APRIL :35

it! noon Cluss moi-Hugs, Cnmpnlgn Speeches
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 26

10:45 um. l’i'lnclpnls Association meetings
12 noon SCA Chupol

’l‘lllllth‘lmv, APRIL 27
12 noon ICE Noontlmc Worship, ltcv. llunt, speaker
3:30 pm. Forum meeting, Lounge

academy: ..: .,,;_.,.,



 

 

Mathews Lists"

Job Placements

ITATI

Dance Program
Nearly Complete

' A ticket booth will be set up
 F  Tuesday for the selling of tickets

to the Ail-College Semi-Formal, to

Elmer C. Mathews, Director of be sponsored by

the Commuters‘

the Teacher Placement Bureau. has Club, Friday, May 5, from 9 pm. to
announced that the following stu- 1 am. Tickets priced at $1.75 per
dents have accepted teaching posi- couple, will be on sale at noon only

tions for the year 1950-51.

Studies; Joseph Biviano, Trumans-

next week but will be sold all day
Gilbert Brinnier, Bolivares, Social dm‘lllg the f0110Whlg We‘lk.
Paul LeBrun ’51 and Mary Ma-

burg Central School, Mathematics 7, suite '52 have formulated entertain-

8; David Lennek, Walden, Science; ment plans for the Ball-
Jess Barnett and Joan Bostwick,

Jean Ineson, Bay Shore High School,

Junior High English; Dorothy Mldg- Sophomores, wlll present informal
1ey, Greenvme Central School, Eng- entertainment in the cabaret-like

lish 7 and 10;

Richard Waldron, Commons. Request numbers will be

Windsor Central School, Junior High played and sung by the duo.

Science; Arthur Acosta, Mount Mar-

A television set will add to the

cy Junior College, Cedar Rapids, "COZY." 58%th 0f the Lounge- Fairly
Iowa, Academic Dean; and Robert low lights and soft music are plan-

MacDonald, Schoharie, Social Stud- 116d fOI' Atmosphere-
A Lady Minerva will be selected

ies 7, 8, 9; Graduates.

Seniors who have received teach- by the Chapel'OIleS 0n the basis of
ing jobs include: Richard Clements, all-round appearance. She will reign
Chester High School, Junior High over the formal atmosphere of the

Science and Mathematics; Mary gymllﬂslum.
Randall, Belfast Central School,
Commerce ;

hamsville Tri-Valley Central School,

Alfred DiCesare, Gra-  Arranges

Commerce: Joseph Andreone, Andes - - -
Central School, Social Studies 8, 9, year'End ACtIVltles

11; Marjorie Bansch, Cornwall High
School, Library; Nina Fenson, North

According to Susan Panek ’51,

Syracuse, Guidance. Dean of Girls; Chairman. 0f smiles" the orgamza'
Lila Lee, Richmondsvme Central tion's activity for the remainder of
School' Commerce; Morris Berger, the semesterwill include, in. part,
Queensbmy Schools, Glens Falls, a spring picnic, a board meeting to

Junior High English; Philip Rose, Clem new board

and a

Borne—Knox Central School, Science; meatmg to “Ommate "em years Dr"

Donald Jalbert, Margaretville Cen— cells'
tral School, English; and Marion
Oliver.
Commerce.

Muriel Dessimoz '52, was chosen as
Montgomery High School. Chairman of the spring picnic to
be held on May 14. Monday noon

the board will hold a meeting to
_ . elect the new board members.
Rellglous  Agenda Both the new and old board mem-

lncludes Poetry Citing

bers will meet Tuesday to nominate
and elect next year's ofﬁcers.

. . The “kids” will be taken to the
Future events of the Religious Fl-Osh Big--4 tomorrow night. A11
Clubs 011 Campus have been 1111' chaperones interested should con-

by their presidents.
Student Christian Association‘s Sophomores.

nounced

tact Joan Tantum or Edmund Leigh,

 

Noontime Worship on Wednesday
will be a meditation period of poetry
and organ selections, according to
Jeanne Bowen ‘50, President. Clara-
mzirtha Brawn 51 will be the reader

GWM

 

and Priscilla Jones '53 the Organist.
Miss Bowen has also announced tha’t T0 the Edllol‘:
two representatives are going to

Probably the most important duty

Lyle. New York L0 attend the New of a member of a democratic organi-
York State Student Christian Move- Lotion is his obligation to be active
ment Council meeting. Students who in all sorts of elections and voting.
will represent State are Claramnrtha Here lll OUl‘ COUBB‘B. which we have

Brawn illl(l Ann Brnsch. Juniors.

the honor of administering to a large

On Thursday. Inter-Varsity Chris- OXLCllL, were is a dClTlOCI‘ﬂLlC Ol'glllll-

tiun
Desmond
Episcopal

Fellowship will
Hunt from St.
Cll.ll‘Cll, Jolmstown

present Rev, zotion. The only way we can as-
John‘s sumo the continuance of our present
at from of government is to elect ca-

noon in Room 33. According to Ruth pubic representatives who will rep-

Pricc ‘5]. President, Rev. Hunt will resent.
speak on the topic "Prayer."
Daniel Cinncles

In the past weeks many candidates
'51. President of have been nominated for the various

Hillel, has announced that nomina- Silldt‘llt llOSlUOIls. Qlllte a few have
tions for Hillel ofﬁcers can be made ucccpied these nominations and are
on the Hillel bulletin board in low- formulating Ulell‘ lllﬂthI‘lllS. NOW is

or Draper. the time to

’Pan Amigos' To Offer “mum
Spanish Drama Friday

reforms
if you want them at all.
Now you can tell your favorite can-
didates what you want done around
your college in the next year. Don't
expect them to think of everything—

:uggest

and

The Spanish Club, according to we each have our little gripes. Make

Mzii'y Czilniidrn. '50, President,

is your suggestions kllOWn and if you

practicing it play to be presented in think you have a legitimate cause

the Commons next Friday at 8 pm. (icimiiid
for the student body. your beliefs.
Miss Cnlundru nnnounccs that the

recognition and fight for

Rcmcmbcr, our governmcnl ls nol

sumo pluy. "Rosina cs Fi'cgil." by on ubsli'nct thing. It is mnde up of

Mni'gui'cl Sierra. will be given tho the

representatives elect.

Our

following Snlin‘dnv at Hudson High government is only as good as the

School, Hudson.

will be glvcn ul :1 meeting of the

Ami-rivnn Assoc-lotion of 'l'cnchci's of To the Editor:

Spinnin illl(l Portuguese, Hudson

Vzilloy Chapter.
Princlpuls in the

very umisuui trcnt

rust include: in store for

Thc presentation people we clcci to office.
Norm Schrnmm ‘51

l illll writing to call attention to n
Albanians have
themselves Thursday

Rubi-rt Ernst-:1. Snrnh Caruso, Miii'y owning nt 8 pm, at the Washing—

Cillllll(ll'll, Hi‘llllil'h‘, Lillian

Olson. ion Avi-nuo Unitarian Church Scoli

Li-slcr l.c Vlnoss. Engi'nc chsti‘i'. Nearing will deliver at that time n

Juniors.
li‘i'nnk (foi'i'ino, Instructor in Spun- look."
lsh, will (lll'l‘l’l. tho pi'otlncllon.
Morris Loans Exhibit Pictures;
On Display ln Draper Hall

free lcclni'c on “U. S. Economic Out-
Evcn u scrutiny of the con-
siderable itcin nbout Dr. Nearing in
"Who‘s Who in America" will hurd-
ly reveal the full stature of the mun.

In this town of lnilf—cduciited log,-

The ('lil‘l't'lil Ari dcpui'lincnl dis— isliitors and faceless, soulcss, spine-
pliiy on view now ill the si-coild less ('lvll sci'vnnts, I for one hich

llilill' of lh'npor is 21 small exhibition nmrm- hum-d u.
of lullli‘fl reproductions by (Il'tll'glil 1mm - felt

()‘Kci-l'i. n ronlcmpoi'ni'y pointer. will mulling!) n

scholar
lcc t. u re.
precedent,

deliver it
'l‘hui'sdny
und 1

'l‘hl-ml uni [lower studios in oil. (in liopv llli'l't‘ will be many from State
llll' mom display slund ill the cor— College in zilicndiinci- lo cxpci'icnco

riilor urn pnlnllngs mode by young lhooccusloli.
illillillll'hi' slndcnls of lho Middle

Scot! Ncin'lng hus hiid u long and

School of lilllll‘lki‘ University and most unusuul ('lll'i‘i‘l‘. Student. ll'llV-
Hillillllil Noi'nnil School. The llllli'l‘ olci', public servant, professor.(1)“ng
won lilillll‘il by ili‘ lilllZillii'lll Mon (lt'illl. polliiciil cundidutc. wrllvi‘, lec-

i'is. Professor of le‘ducnllon.

llll'i.'l', and further, he hits llii(l un

 

COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. APRIL 21. 1930

PAGE I

Morgiano Makes Pictorial Debut Committees Begin

 

Depicting a scene from the Fresh Big 4 are Rose Keller and Dick

Jacobson. Rose is the answer to the

$64 question, “Who is Margiana?"

 

Slate Students Help Reduce 'Teenicide'
Via Teacher Driver Training Program

By GRACE SMITH

Accidents! Accidents! Three thou-
sand motorists under twenty ﬁve
years old are killed or injured on the
average. yearly, according to the
Lumbermen‘s Mutual Casualty Coin-
pany. At the present time, there is
a plea to encourage our youth to
become better drivers and to reduce
"tecnicide," the new name for the
casualties of drivers from the 15 to
24 age group.

Herc at State College students are
given an opportunity to learn to
drive through the Driver Training
course. which has been offered since

awesome experience of life. In each
and all his many roles, Scott Near-
ing has been the seeker after laws,
order, truth. When a role proved
conﬁning. as so often happened. and
he was no longer free in it to pur-
sue the evidence WlllLllCl‘SOGVOl' it
led, regardless 01' persons and insti-
tutions, it was abandoned. Today, at
66. Dr. Nearing has no peer save
John Dewey among living American
seekers after social wisdom.

What form would an Old Testa-
ment prophet take, rcincnrimtcd
nmong us? Something like Scott
Ncni'ing‘s, I think. Smasher of our
modern false images. l‘(‘Vll(‘l' of our
Mummon-woi'shlp, social and moral
niuclu'urker, sccr ol' lhc cndlcss po-
lcnllulltics of life. grout lover of
mankind such is the mun who is
to spunk in Albnny next week. For
mnny in his audience ll will bc, i
l)l‘(‘(ll('l, mi unl‘m'gcltnblc cvctiing.

llcrlicrt Lender, (iriul.

Budgets Go To Finance Board

According lo Beverly Knhlkin '51,
Chnn'mnn of the Student Board of
Finance. the Board is finishing up
consideration if budgi‘ls from sin-
dcnl oi'gnninlions.

'l‘hc budgets are expected to be
submitch to Student Council Wod-
nsi-diiy.

 

@TW ll. RENEE

THE COLLEGE newsman
103 Central Ave.

the full of 1947. A recent investiga-
tion shows that for the past three
years there has been a tendency for
more women to enroll in the course
than men. (Maybe the reason for
more accidents. eh fellows?! Dur-
ing the past semester, there were 31
students in the beginning class. eight
of whom were men and 23 were
women. The percentage of the class
which received the drivers’ license
was 77.4.

To assist in showing the many
students what drivers can become
confronted with. a new magnetic
trafﬁc board has been added to the
department. The board shows the
plan of an intersection and has sev—
eral cars. a ﬁreplug’, a school sign,
trafﬁc signals and lights, which may
be moved to different places on the
board to represent the many aspects
of driving problems. Plans are now
underway to exhibit the board in
Hustcd during the noon hours of
next week.

Students who were interviewed
that are taking the course reveal
the humorous ungle of learning to
drive. One student in learning to
turn corners (the right way) found
her strength was so great that she

went over the corner dumping the,

occupants on the l'looi'. Then. there's
always the young lady who ﬁnds
that the trainng car has left with-
out hcr, so she hops the bus, tells
ihc bus driver she's parked her car
on the block. and that it says on the
buck "driver training cur!“

 

llclp Vi’untcd: Lady with desire
to work llll(l help build her own
ﬁxture in newspaper business in
(lullporl. Mississippi. Investment
of $1.000 required. Circulation,
cdlloriul, advertising, or office
supervision still open. Wl'll(‘, wire
or plionc loduy. Gull'port Pic-
Ioi'inl llcvii-w. Plionc 396W.

 

Work On Plans
For Student Union

Consults Organizations

On Desirable Facilities

Committees working with Dr. El-
len C. Stokes, Dean of Women, have
begun to set up tentative plans for
student activities that will be carried
on in the new Student Union which
will open up next year. The facilities
that will be available will be four
large meeting rooms. a music room,
lounge, game room, and snack bar
which will be furnished with State
funds.

To Provide Commuter Facilities

The plans being formulated in-
clude special efforts to provide as
many facilities as possible for Com-
muters, and the compiling of re-
quests for special equipment. To aid
this committee's further work, Dean
Stokes is requesting the heads of
all organizations to submit to her
ofﬁce the following information as
soon as possible.

Stokes Requests Information

1. Is your organization interested in
usmg the Union for meetings?

2. How frequently does your group
meet?

3. Do you have a deﬁnite day of
the week for meetings?

4. Do_ you have special equipment
which you would like to transfer
permanently to the Union such
as ﬁling cabinets, etc?

5. Is there any special equipment
that your organization would like
the State to provide?

6. Are there any special facilities
that you would like the Student
Union furnished with?

Any additional requests or sug-
gestions should be submitted with
the above information.

Principal's Association

To Hold Open Meeting

On Wednesday the New York
State Association of Secondary
School Principals, District 16, will
have a meeting in Richardson
Lounge. According to Edward J. Sa-
bol, Coordinator of Field Services,
the meeting will be open to students
at 10:45 am. About 100 Principals,
Superintendents, and Board of Edu-
cation members will be present.

Included on the agenda are talks
by Dr. Evan R. Collins. President of
the College; Dr. Ernest Frier, Co-
ordinator for Readjustment of High
School Curriculum; and Mr. Harry
Spencer. Assistant Coordinator for
Readjustmcnt of High School Edu—
cation.

 

THREE SPEEDS AHEAD

BLUE NOTE SHOP

78 — 45 — 331/3
156 Central Ave. 62-0221

Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

 
   

éhx. “u.

I /
ﬂul/ "dare flit flows/J 67""

Florist & Greenhouse
Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON
DIAL 4-1125
College Florist for Years
Special Attention to
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

HAVE [067» —

BQULEIIARII

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

()N l“0()l) COSTS —

PHONE 5-19l8

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

MEAL TICKETS —

SAVE 10%

CliFETElIlA

ALBANY, N. 1.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

 

