 

 

i
r
i
a
i
i

 

PAGE 2

When Ten Percent . . .

Tuesday afternoon a member of the Senior Class
of State College visited a shop on Central Avenue
to purchase some records. On impulse she asked
for a ten per cent discount. The merchant replied
that he and others on the Avenue were ready to
give the discount to State College students as soon
as they received formal notice from our student
government.

The idea of a ten per cent discount at shops and
stores in the immediate district is not new. It has
been used as a point in Student Association Presi-
dential campaigns. Last year Student Council ap-
pointed a committee to investigate the problem.
Through this committee permission was obtained
to solicit these merchants for the discount. Some
of the merchants have agreed to the plan and prob-
ably more will when they observe it working.

Immediate action by Student Council should at
last give students that ten per cent.

What News . . .

Part of the policy of the State College News is
that of reporting the goings on at State in an un-
biased manner. Involved with this is the placement
of stories in the News so that stories of most im-
portance are given places that they deserve.

This year's staff of the News is doing its best
to carry out its own policy. Student organizations
wishing to publish news in the paper can help us
by giving correct information to reporters on or
before Tuesday of the week they wish it published
Organizations getting information in early and cor-
rectly will be assured of consideration in place-
ment of their stories in the paper.

The State College News is trying to serve the
school by printing a paper which is readable and
always better. When staff members have to pay
less attention to the routing tasks of double and
triple checking information, they will turli more
readily to presenting a better newspaper on I’ri—
day morning.

Purse Strings . . .

In the midst of much talk about the growth of
State College. the letter. which organization heads
received from Student Board of Finance this Week,
came as a shock. L'lulergraduatc enrollment, ac-
cording to the letter. has not reached the figure
approximated when the budget was considered and
passed last May. Income to Student Association
is approximately IIOO dollars less than cxpcctcd.
We are working under a budget which is already
800 dollar:- ill the red.

Strident Association surplus has cliougli on hand
to thcorcticaliy t‘ll\'t‘l‘ tlic (It‘llt'Il, bill the inevitabil-
fact is that wc art- not cxpanding financially.

Organizations who have visions of coming to
Student .-\s«oliation with plans to clilargc will havc
to go ovcr tlicir cxpcliditurcs again and pilt asidc
ideas of growing financially.

(hie factor which was not prcdiitablc for Stu-
dcllt .-\.~sociatioli was the change in our ciirollmclit.
To tightcn thc pursc strings is thc way to inch
the problcm.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY THE CLASS OF 1918
ItATIN(l—ALL-AMERICAN
October 12. lilin No. 4

lli~lrilililor
l'ollwglnlv Iilgi-sl

 

VOL XXXV

\ll~Iiilu-l‘
Assoc-Lili-d t'olll-glati- l'rcss
’i'lic IIIIIli-l'gl'nilllnll- ni-wslmpi-r of Mir \irw loi'li Stali- I‘ol
Ii'gl- l'Ill' 'I‘ilai'lii-I‘sl pillllisllivll l-\ivl"i i"l'|iiil,\ lil' III|' t'lilll'gl-
.\l4.II' Iii iIlI' \l-I\\'.\' Iioarll l‘ol' llo- Hindi-Ill Association
I‘liouc.» I"cn‘/.-'|. '..' will: Woltc. \‘J Ilitl‘.‘ \lilli. I. llllll \It'Ill
lull" lli' lIll' \'I‘:\\'.\' stall Illilj Iw I'i'll|'I|I'|I ’l.|I|\II.l.\ .llill
“'l-tlili-sllri) from 7 to II 'Ilil II III at Ii ‘JIIIT
.“AIIX' I"I'IN'/.I‘IL - - - - - - -
“ULDII‘J HIVAII'I'Z - - - - - -
(II’JIIALII DUNN - - - v - -

Eilllor-In-(Tlilci
('o-.\Illllilulriu I‘Jdllor
Io-Illmuulnu I'lllilur

EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - - l‘ubllc. Iii-lotion» Editor
IIAIIVEY \IILII - - - s - - - - - - h'puris Illllltor
I'Alil. HI'I‘IHIAN - - — - - - HI'IIIIIr t-lporln Mambo!
BEVERLY III'IIIJUN - — I'irculutlon Munnxnr
JANE ('(NHI - - - - - - ~ - - Advarilnlrlg .“IUHIKHI‘
JOHI‘JI'II I'l'ltln’ - - - - - - ~ [Minimum lllltnuucl
(.‘ICIII'JLIA IIA'I‘TIH'I‘I - - - - - - - I’lxcliuugo I‘Jllltul
NUIUNW (YAIIHIIJ. - - — - - - - - Aimochtto Editor
VIC’I'UIHA I‘IAIU'} - - ~ - - - - - Ailimciltto I'Jililor
(“CAFE HAII'I'II - v - ~ - - - - — Ammcluto Editor

 

All coiliiliIlilIi-utioim NIltilIIII iw alidl'i-nncll Io IIII' i‘ililol' and
must bc signi-ll. Nomi-H will in. williiiclll upon l'i'ljlli'nl
'I'Iii' S'I'A'l'l'i i'ill.i.l'1(ii'l NI'INVH llﬁnlillli'.‘ no I'l'nlllllIrsIIlIIII_\
for opinions ciprcssl-d lli ils columns or l'liliililunlr'dlllllln
lln' sItI'il t-Apl‘csslons do not lli'll’i‘mll'II) l'v‘i‘ii-cl its iicw.

 

-9

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. THURSDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1950

 

 

When 0:» spied ﬂied

College spirit—what Is it? Do we activities—only those of the fresh-
have it? Should we have it? My in- man and Sophomore classes. Cer-
tei'pretation of college spirit may be tain aspects 0f Rivalry are g00di
vastly different from another's. 001- others are not. If we are to continue
lege spirit- to me means loyalty to Rivalry. then let us create college

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

one's college and a desire to im- pep songs in place of class songs. If

prove it. It means participation in We are to have skits, then let us
tions. It also means scholarly classes. Let us replace the energy of
achievement. Basically. participa— inter-class sports with inter-collegi-
tion is our key word. One’s contribu- ate sports.
tion, through participation. whether speaking of inter-collegiate sports.
ﬁeld. means pride and enjoyment. at most of State's games. Would it
Here is where state students fall little more publicity help? Perhaps
short. 011. we‘have some Spiriti bill! we should remind students of games.
not enough- Those Who are loyal to and free admission through posters
are not are indifferent. Why? Thth intervals. Maybe students would
is a question only the student body have more interest if they knew
can answer. State's cheers and fight songs. Then

Through opinions of my own and why not have more pep rallies? As-

come to deﬁnite conclusions. one. once in a while. Perhaps the

Rivalry seriously hampers college pep band. still in it's founding. may

spirit because it is focused on class Increase “mews” Lets hope 50‘
The inter-collegiate hockey team
6W 0 d to add more pep to our ranks. More
‘ a similar ideas might prove worth-
while.
One opinion expressed to me was

It seems. that since the trafﬁc classmen. This sounds a ltitle radi-

conditions have become so intoler- cal and odd. but let me explain.
able in Draper Hall, that it is only Freshmen entering State have a
my duty to communicate to you. great feeling of pride and more
body. my entirely feasible and. I combined. The minute upperclaSs-
believe. noteworthy plan for speed- men set an example of “not doing.“
ing up travel between the lower lev- the freshmen generally tend to fol-
el and ﬁrst floor of our hallowed low. My 901m is 110i t0 adVOCﬂte

First, let US examine the comm peal to the freshan to keep their
Lions leading to those horrendous spirit unmarred. despite what other
conditions. classes may do. The best place to

a, When construction was beg initiate and hold interest is in a
on the new building facing Wash- .A . i .- . -
ington Avenue. the main staircase kc“) that mp bannm mmg mgh'
of Draper was sealed off. (I have
discovered this fact through long
that it is being revealed here for
the first timeJ As a result, only the j ’4 M
two narrow stairways at the ends of
the building remained usable. n “em 9
intolerable, since the students have
refused to abide by the “One way" The main speaker in last Friday's
signs set up by Campus Commission. “SSL‘mIJIY WHS DIV MIND“ G. Nelson.

cl Therefore, more remains only Dean. Dr. Nelson told the strident
condition that I am about to pro— i0€111i’~*f1 {031' “mi hmdL‘l‘S “WI 0110
pose, tliai brings out the best in people.

Let us no“. Lhat each 01- Lhc stung Mrs. Hulda Htlbbcl. Director of Col-
ways in Draper is three feet. wide. leg“ Rod CHM um“ m Email.“
olic alld one-half feet for each stu- 0” the Operation or comm" mm”
dcnt to pass twhicli We must coil- The Class of '54 revealed
code is extremely crowdch and class spirit by portraying the end
granting that students must have of a red (lcvil. Joseph Purdy ‘51 read
INT”. “'0 (31111 Elfin “i mi“ most, noliiiiiaiions Wi'l‘t.‘ made for (it?It‘<
fourteen students inovmg up arid goics to tho Iritcr-Collcgiatc Asso-
dowli the steps. This, when in a thI- clarion to be held at F‘rcdonia. Mcm-
mnnltc class brink. as many as 600- ours of tin» Fl'osli Banncr oonunlt-
WHW Campus Day Skit wcrc introdllccd.

However, consider now my plali:

Outside of Draper is a scarcely
used staircase that is a measured and also for tliosc who liavc licvcr
Allowing the salnc regulations coii— do so.
j‘f’1'v’lfllllj)‘,i’f‘t”‘;‘:  ,I’“1”“f~l,“"‘ mull“ l bclicvc, ialoiig with the largest
1:“, N 115119")  fl‘i'vo'l‘j “I” ’f“"' group of l'cglllal' tclc-vrcwcrsi, that

“n “ '1'” “"“m‘” " “I‘M “iii” Iliis program is pcrliups the high-

'l‘luls. Vt'Ullh'ldf‘l' this method of human touch ilijcctcd lilto the
travel.‘ Since vci'y i'cw pcoplc ilsc mouths of the cloth tilturcs. arid
ilic atol'emciitioncd stairs bctwccn lIli' gracious pl'csclicc of li‘rlili Alli-
Wcstcrli AVciiiic and I)l'tl])i‘l‘. we run makc up "’l‘clcvlsioii‘s licst."
mg”[,kiiuiwg'll {PM'ILHIwill"?_ “Ilii was agreed to temporarily limit. the
’ ‘, I "1 ‘di’il- _ “ “"“”““' club's activities to seeing the show
stairs in Draper itself may then be (m prij Wmme [pl-mm“ H...
“5“‘1 ‘0' “mm L" DWI)” “'0‘” courtcsy of local RCA dealers in
Us?! ‘1‘)”3’w”:” H would be greatly appreciated.

‘lll' ier. o cr lily services for I)" It” .. . rm
any other perplexing problems State . ,. l n ,‘. “13m” m,”
College "my mum Pb. [his was NOI a hopli trick

to make money on Activities Day.
I. M. Helpful "
To the Editor:
To the lt‘dltor: Congratulations to the State. (‘ol-

1“.“ Summing H... hip“ in Um lcg‘c News for their scoop on my
pm“ mm ()1ij mm. (m (WM-l" This parents could not have been more
“Oh”... WM “1., druwmg (nu-d “mt cooperative. Althouin we have great
set. off the spark which resulted in While“ IO" 0”" neighbor” “I “10
76 students (more than 34 of whom north. we cannot credit them with
u”, "Kukm, pm“, mm 01m, Club." will have to go to Elizabeth. New

This organization is primarily for Jamey “150 1“ mm”me 0" “ rm"
those Lelia—viewers who have watcli- 0m" ('Ounuy'
ed the "Klilclli Fran and Ollie" show YOIW” “WY:

activities and adherence to tradi- present them in assembly. by all
in the scholastic or the activities I am reminded that pep is lacking
State are very loyal. and those who hung on the waiis at twenty foot.
those of fellow students. I have sembly seems a logical place to have
for women sounds like a good way
To the Editor! to keep freshmen away from upper-
and through you. to the student spirit than the other three classes
lnain building. separation of the classes. but to ap-
Un freshman class—so please frosh.
arid careful research, and I think [ad 
bi Using these steps has become
one alternative for aleviaiing the b0d)’ Ulﬂt W0 killtis 01‘ [031' CXISI
and has fifteen steps. ’l‘lius. allowing Ummd Smms' ‘7"va “ PM“ spew“
two stcps to themselves to movc the rules concerning Rivalry and
700 students must pass through that i('(' and tlic Directors of tlic Fi‘osli
eighty feet wide! It, has four stcps. l-t't'll tlic show and siroligiy desire to
11mm 115 “1””! l”“’l’I“' light of unybody's day, The simple.
could lisc tlicsc stairs for the heavy NUT .1 milk with authorities, ii,
INC-“1‘3"” AVL'm‘“ 1‘ ""“u' “UPI-V town. Suggestions as to tho futuri-
Respectfully.
Commom gummy 51m], “mg Kim)“, birthplace. I am very sorry that. my
won, [inpul'chmmncnj’ Signing up 1'.“- liiy birthplace. 'f‘lic dubious honor
and would enjoy seeing more of it. Edwin I). Kurlander '51

Gammon-Sindee

By GORSKIE and KYLE '.____

The Common-Stator is given the ll‘itft'Sf latitude as
author of this column. although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

WISE GUYS . . .

Each Tuesday night at seven thirty the Philosophy
Club holds its meetings in the Boul . . . in an informal
atmosphere of smoke and coffee and a genuine eager-
ness to really learn what the significance of life is.
Each one has the opportunity to say exactly what he
pleases without being laughed at. and under the guid-
ance of Herr Meyer they follow the systems of other
better known philosophers. This proves that there is
a deﬁnite interest and demand for the circulation of
such ideas. What we are getting at is the crying need
for such a class in our regular curriculum. It‘s li
shame when thinkers have to leave State to think.

FOR VARIETY . . .

We'd like to suggest that the Rifle Club try their
hand at Russian Roulette . . . the result might prove

interesting . . . and put State on the map.
GIRLS' HOCKEY . . .
WAA is certainly on its toes these days . . . the

girls' hockey team is scheduled to play Green Moun-
tain College of Vermont . . and plans are being
lined up for other possible outside games.

’52 AGAIN . . .

We hate to appear prejudiced but it looks like the
Yellow Jackets have gotten the jump once more on
the school . . . for originality arid timeliness . . . their
Junior Review is now under way with Pat Dar-gusch
as director . . . proceeds, you know, go to Campus
Chest . . . If they are up to their usual form it should
be good.

INGENUITY PLUS . . .

State students, never at a loss for invention whcli
it comes to pleasure. have discovered that coke bottles
provide an adequate net for the ping pong table . , .
Of course, you have to be a good shot.

IT’S AN ()IJI) STORY . . .

Brit we would like to bring it up just once more . .
the fact that Richardson in any sort of emergency
which calls for emptying of the building might causc
a disaster. True. possibility of a ﬁre there is practically
non-existent . . . but the “practically” still mtlkt's ii
a problelii of grave concern. We really don‘t know
what solution there is to the exit. problem . . . anotlicr
staircase would mean more money than the school
colich probably afford . and tire drills would. wc
imagine, be vetoed because of the disrupting ilit’lllciicc
they might have on classes. Something should be
worked out. though, and soon.

MARIN (ERAS A LA ."I‘A’I‘li . . .

IGC's Beaux Art Bali sounds like a novel idca to
us . . . just wear any original "costooin." even it you
have to rummage it from your classinaic‘s wardrobe

. and iii ilie lilie of dances, what do yoil think
about an inter—collegiatc dance that might bc hcid
by the branches of the State Univcrslty’.J It. is bclng
taikcll up on the campuses of the OLIlt‘l' stiltc collcgcs
and will be brought up here soon. This is aliotlici'
example of the fact that We have so much intra—
Stilt)th spirit that, We tend to forget ililcr-collcglalc
spit-r.

WSSI" . .

. As a mcmbcr of our facility so aptly pilt it. IIlt’l‘l'
is it good dcril of altruism floating around tlil- school
that ill-cits ciiainicling, The World Siudi-nt Hcl‘l'icc
F‘cticralioii is a tailor—inlidc organization which could
provide oiic (lllilt'l. for this [cl-ling. its clilci aim i to
gti'c willil Iiclp It (‘llll to sltltlclits lll iIlt‘ al'cas -tlil
suffering from thc impact of lIlt' last war Hlalc \\:1..
wcll l'cpi‘cscilicd :lt tlic WSHIl‘ l'oilfcl'cilcc lit ('tiIi’ult'
Iasl Sunday. Now lct's follow lliroilgli and rcally build
the Static cliapicl' into somclliilig.

“(lltll'l’l‘lrs‘" . . .

it may :~ccm as though this column liar. bccomc liic
camping ground for a thousand pctty gripes . lull
wc (Iont air our vows just to be prcacliy , , but

rather to gct you to lmpi'oyc what. lill'cuoy sccm. llkc
a darn lwcd III(l' to lisc ii more emotional word, bill
you know how it isi iiicc placc.

A I’lNAI. Ntl’l‘li . . .

()i' coligi'atlllalions to tile lllucjiiys for tho pcp tlnll
they arc beginning to show . . in iisscmbiy "pl'link‘"
. . . on Activities Day . . . and on iIlt'll' (.‘ampus
Day skit.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

THURSDAY. ()(l’l‘tllllillt It:
liiiiO—IZliillIlilHIil. Kappa l)clt.a open house.

FRIDAY. ()(I’I‘Ulllﬂlt Iii—HI‘NIIAY. ()(”I‘()Ill'2lt l5
IVCI“ Conference at (jutnp l’llililiclc

TUESDAY. ()("I‘tllll'llt I7

Christian Hl‘lt'llt't' ()i'gaiilzlitioii l‘l‘ll'
ulal' meeting.

Recording period in Richardson '1“
Soccer game at Siciili.

IF‘C b‘liiokcr in Commons

12 noon

4 [MIL
7:80 DJII.

WEDNESDAY, ()(I'I‘IHIICII Ill
12 noon SCA Chapel at Unitarian Church

T" l l IIHIIA Y. (N I'I‘Illlltllt Ill

3130 IN“. Meeting of State College llund.

Rlchrtrdsou 28.
BOA "Mliiistil" in Richardson 2t).

7 :30 DJ".

 

 

STATE

COLLEGE NEWS.

THURSDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1950

PAGE 3

 

M: 0m
44M Me
But . . .

__ By HARVEY MILK __.___

During the past few Weeks four
eras crime to an end. Three came to
an end last Saturday.

The first era to fall happened
several weeks ago. and it was the
most tragic—the fall of Joe Louis.
Louis was to every American. box-
ing fan or not. a symbol of the sport
just as Babe Ruth is a symbol of
baseball. Louis was more than a leg—
end—he represented everything that
is good about the sport, he took on
all challengers. he always fought
clean arid honest. he never played
dirty—always fair and with great
courage. Even when he was being
batted by Charles he wouldn‘t give
in. he took an awful beating—especi-
ally in the last two I‘OlllICIS—~bllt he
wouldn‘t quit. he didn't know how.

No one wanted to see him fight
but once that first bell sounded even
his former enemies hoped for :i vie-
tory. Joc 10st and with it calm- the
end of a legend and an era.

Last Saturday three more eras
came to an end—the first to come
to an end was cnly a temporary end
because you can be sure that Notre
Dame will once again reign as
“King” of college football. Like
everything else Notre Dame couldn't
go on undefeated forever. Unlike
Louis they couldn't retire undefeat-
ed. Every tcam was cut after them
and they took them all on and won
too. The best of the nation tried to
win for four years and failed. In
fact Saturday was the first time in
eight years that any team won a
game in South Bend except for the
Irish. Army and Southern (‘al came
vcrv clcsc and Purdue almost won
in ‘48 but it wasn't until last wcck~
“1". that the greatest collegiate foot-
b"|l record clinic to an end.

Now that this great record comes
to an end we can look with amaze-
ment at Frank Iicaliy's record; (it!
wii's. 5 tics. II defeats. When we
think of Nolrc Dame we always
think of their coaches more than
the stars ('II the gridiron. We rc-
mcmbcr larjack and the four liorsc-
men bill. we can't forget their
ccacllcs. The same isn't true of otllcr
teams; we remember (lrangc. Ilar-
mun, llutson. but we can‘t name
their coaches. ’l‘liat's what makes
the Irish so great arid that's why
they will come back again.

The game was won and won fair
by a bcttcr I’ur'duc who olltfotiglit
the Irish in every way and as .\l'
put it “The Notrc Danie giant died
without his scvcn-lcagllc boots on.
Missing was its vaunted acrial at-
tack and pillvcri'zilig running that
bad geared the gridiron (loliatll
through four seasons witliuilt a sci-
ba. k.“

’l‘lic scl'olili cm to Hill Hitlirday
was IIlt' cm of tlic Yalikccs 'l'lic
Yalikci-s ill'l' still world cliallinioiih
illl’I probably will will maiii morc
lllii'.‘.. bill it's a iic\\ Yolikcc til'.':lll—
17ltlltiil (tour is that Yankcc joi'dt'l'
:ll lilt' plalc ’llicy *IlII I‘2l\t‘ powl-i‘

only llllt' Il'lllll lll llic majors had
a iii-itcr Illllllll” 1i\i'l':|"i‘ hilt lt s a
comhlncd powci'. liltllng no longcr
1h ilic Y.ll|I\"i' ['Illl‘I wi-zipoii oi dc-
striictloii With Halilrdal's imalc
\lt‘liil'\ oi lIl">\l'lll'illI’iIIi‘Yillll‘1f\\\l'
saw a M‘JIHJII l‘tlilli‘ to all I'IIII lluit
iciitlll'cll pitching powci' anti \II'Il‘II-
sli‘c |ili\\'t'i'. ch, Icarus lll IIlt‘ past
lillvc had gl'l-ai ilili‘llllig and llicl'c
llavc ill'l‘ll gi'cat iicii-iistvc stars bill
they lici'cl' Iizid Io fall back on tliclii
to will. 'I'Iic Yanks won at tlic plalc.
No IUllLll‘l‘ do iIil-y will at lhc plalc.
(ionc arc thc days of tlic "Murdcrcl's
Row." gone arc the ltiltlis. Now tlic
Yanks liiivc cinbul'kcil on a lit-w cra

one that is liiadc up oi ltlzziitos.
lici‘l'ns, Reynolds. and It'til‘tih. And
as it has been said watch the I“(il‘(I
go by.

And the last era in come to all
cud Saturday. or at least it looks
like It may have conic to an cud, was
one that not too many people rc-
iilizcd or cirl‘cd about. It looks like
that old iron—athletic mind iilul
spirit at State. is about to come to
all end and tile. l'nli-ss my rich I'll—

 

OTTO II. MENOE

T" It! COLLEGE .I I‘IWl‘il .I‘Ilt

Hill Central Ave.

 

Raiders Romp
To 51-0 Victory

The freshman Red Raiders rolled
to their second league triumph
Monday. by a 51-0 score. over the
newly formed freshman Panthers.
Using sheer power plays. supported
by good blocking. the Red Raiders
were forced to kick bltt once. This
is in direct contrast to the Panther
attack which was able to chalk up
only one first down.

Star of the game was Tom Hop-
pey. who figured in the scoring of
5 of the 7 Red Raider touchdowns
and intercepted 4 Panther passes.
The game was but 2 minutes old
when he skirted his right end from
4 yards out to rack up the first of
his 3 touchdowns. He then passed
to Hull for the extra point, a feat
which he was to duplicate 3 more
times.

Young Dashes 50 Yards

Other players that stood out in
the Raider attack were Walker, Hill],
and Young. YOLlllg highlighted the
game with a 50-yard run, while
Walker connected on 4 of 6 Losses
to the big end Hull. He also carried
the ball off tackle for 20 yards and
l touchdown to start the second
period.

What little hope that is left for
the Panthers lies in the perform—
ance of Svcn Sloth on defense and
Charles Milliam on offense. Milluiin
at one time in the game played a
one man backfield. but had to
change back to the conventional
3-man type as he was constantly
smothered in his attempt to pass.

By winning, the Red Raiders not
only guararitccd themselves a tie for
first. blit have served notice to the
rcst of tlic lcague that they also
pose a definite threat to the filial
standings.

Itcd Ra. lcrs  
I’antlicrs . . . . . . . . . . .  i) (l U

s.

as 14 7 14431
on 0

Carter/s Passes
Win For Potter

liciiiillmg champion Potter Club
opclicd thclr >cason with a hard
loliglit lit—ti victory ovci' IIll' .ii-ts.
'l'ni- .lcts domilialctl thc first. quar-
ill with a hard liioving ground
gamc. Hay (llin and Hill Smith wcrc
t'tillrsl‘slt‘lll gamers in their ball car-
rying ill'orts. lli iIic second period
llilitl’ took l)\‘t‘l' on downs and lll(l\’t'.’i
fit: yards to a scoi‘c. ’I‘Iic pay off play
was a pass. l’aliI Cartcr to Ed Mat.-
lii-ws l‘ti\t~l'Ill.. ltl yards.

lﬂarly m llu- .sct'tlliti halt both
luims inuili-d [illiilil'IIIIIIIII‘\ to ‘corc,
bilt IIll‘ t'\t'l' ttu‘ll‘l'SSth' Pottl-i‘ t *tllil
was not to llc ill-ilicd as tlicy piliicli»
ill o\cl' I'.‘.tl sl'ol't-s lli iIl(' Illul pl'l'lo i,
('lll'lt‘l' ]i:i.‘-‘~i‘.l lli l’t‘lc 'I‘clli'i‘ iol' [Iic
ill‘wl 'l‘I) alid sl-(li'cii iIii- oliici' olic
Il.lll*l‘II (ill a III ‘.ltl'(I s‘w'l'i‘p.

'i'lic last pcl'loil oi this liaiiu- was
llillicci-uwarlly drawn oill b_\ shabby
ilIIli'l.lllllg_ which was ill-trimciiial to
both ti-.im~' oils ll~i\c abilities

.It'ls (l (l (l 'l t
I'II'II' ii ii if III III

llc has other plans it looks like
Static has finally climbed ollt of its
grave and showed some signs of life.
Statc liscd to have a good athletic
program and from the looks of Sat-
urday's overwhelming victory (H’t'l‘
l'lilttsburgli we may be having a
"rciulissaucc." My coizg‘raillllitions
to (‘ollcli (iai'cia alul the team. (loud
job. well done.

We all wcl'c story to scc llic cm
of Jim Louis conic to all t'llti . . . Wc
all \‘l'i‘l't' sorry to scc lilc ('l'll of No—
l.i'c l)amc conu- to an clul. . . . We
all wcrc sorry tlu- cra of tlic Yan-
kccs clinic to llll ciid. . . . Some of
us lil'c hllll sorry ill scc tlic era of
State's l-(loii'l.-clirc It’t‘IIllL‘. t't)lllt‘ to
tilt clul . . . IIII'I‘ 'l‘IIA'I“H S'I‘A'l‘l‘lll

Passing Attack
Leads To Finks
Third Straight

Monday afternoon the Finks swept
to their third straight victory by de-
feating Van Derzee. 38—6.

The Finks won the toss and elect-
ed to receive. After bringing the
kick-off back for a small gain. the
kas required just three plays to
break into the scoring column. The
TD play came when Champlin
chucked a 40-yard pass to Yole who
caught it on the run and continued
untouched acrOss the final white
stripe. The extra point was added
when Champlin completed a pass to
Kaehn in the end zone.

A bad kick by Lennie Davis which
traveled only 25 yards set up the
Finks second tally. Pat Dooley scor-
ed the second tcuchdown on a 10—
yard flanker around right elid. Doo-
ley was on the receiving end of a
pass from Champlin for the extra
point.

Clock Stops VDZ

The clock stayed off a Van Derzce
drive which started when they re-
cove‘ed a bad center hip by Patti
Wart which traveled all the way to
the Fink 20—yard line.

Starting the second half it looked
as if the Van Dcrzee team might
make a game of it. A brilliant 38-
yard broken-field run by Dick Ja-
cobson set up the lone Van Del‘zee
touchdown of the game. This took
place on the next play when Lennie
Davis connected on a short pass in
the flat to right end Robertson.

The Finks rctaliiited immediately
when Champlin again combined
with Tom Yolc. this time for a. 32-
yard pass into pay-dirt.

The score started to mount as
Champlin heaved a 45—yardcr to Don
Sonbci'g tor the fourth Fink touch-
down.

The outstanding play of the game
took place iii the waning iiinutcs
wlicli Al Knclin threw a I)l'lIIitlll.
(30-yard pass to Don Sonbcrrt, who
had cut. behind the Van l)crzcc dc-
fcndcrs. ulul gatiicrcd in the pass
for the fifth 'I‘I).

On the ensuing kick-off a
F‘ink man recovered the untouch-
(‘fi football inside the Van l)ci'zcc
10-yard linc. Vail Dci'zcc pl'otcstcd
to the ref who rightly ruled that.
sincc IIlt‘ ball had traveled over 10
yards it was a free ball.

Kachn convcrtcd this break into
a quirk TI) on a 5-yard touchdown
romp with just iii seconds MI.

The game i‘lliit‘II on the licsi kick-
off play with tlu» st'ol‘c silll'ding
F‘iliks (ill. Vail Ill-i'zcc tl.

Second Half Drive Rips
Thuriow; HowIett Hurt

Saturday. lx'llll posth a ill-ti \lc-
tor}. ovcl‘ ’l‘lilli'iow iii. Page I"li‘I(I.
The first half saw the teams tl'lillc
touchdowns. .li-rry (lormuli scoring
on a pass Il'tilli Dob liliuslicr for
Kim. The tl'i-sliiiicll i)()ll|ll't'(| l'llllit
pack on two passcr. with Hhci'lic
llll‘ti\\lll‘.‘, to Stanford and I‘iitil'lilt'.
lllc latlcl' iii'liig tiic 'I‘ll pass and
it was 6—6 at the hull.

lx’lllt got rolling in tlic lIlII‘lI pc-
rlo:i as lllll Wilcy ran bar-k a partl-
ally blockl-li kick for n scoi‘c. lIltlls-
liir parsl-d to have l’alliu-l' iol' lili—
othcr 'l‘l). 'l'lu- wllilici's also I't'.:lhlt'l'-
cil a snlcly Ill llu- lIlIl‘ti pcl'ioll. Ill
lIlt' lolirtii ouartcl'. Hiiiith scol'i-d
Klilt's lilial touchdown on all ciid
swccp as tlicy won goilig away.

’I‘Iic first scrioils injury of llic
ycur took pllicl- when Stun llowlctt

BLUE NOTE SHOP

62-02351

 

156 (‘cntral Ave.

Open Evenings Uliill 9:00

 

 

SAV It} 10% —-

()N Il‘()()l) (‘OS’I‘S —-

SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1918
“MEET ANI) ICA'I‘ AT THE BOUI.”

108-1300 ortN'rrtM. avenue
M It) A l. ’l‘lC K IC’l‘h‘

ALBANY. N. Y.

——— $5.50 FOR $5.00

Pedagogues Face Sierra,
Trounce Plattsburg; 8-2

Practice Starts
For Hoopsters

This week the call went out for
basketball players and 54 men an-
swered the call. This week also saw
the publication of this year's bas-
ketball schedule; nineteen games
will be played in the 1950-51 season.

Only six varsity men have return-
ed fi‘oni last year. They are: Brown.
Warden, Tabor. Fallek. Hausner.
and Kaehn. Also returning to action
will be Paul Carter who saw service
two seasons ago. Lost from last
year‘s varsity are. Linc Marzello
through graduation. Jim Coles who
joined the Air Corps. and Bob Ja-
coby and Teddy Bayer who will be
on the sidelines because of injuries.

The schedule is as follows:

Dec. 1—N. Y. Maritime away
Dec. 2—Willimantic away
Dec. 6—Utica home
Dec. 9-——Pratt home
Dec. Iii—Harper College" away
Dec. 15—Plattsburgh away
Jan. 5—Ncw Haven away
Jan. 6—Oswcgo home
Jan. l2—Maritimc home
Jan. 17~—New Paltz away
Feb. 3-P0tsdam home
Feb. 8---Utica away
Feb. lO—New Paitz home
Fcb. lti—Wlllimantlc home
Feb. lV—Pllittsburgli home
Fcb. 23-~~Oiieonia home
Mar. 2w Gcneseo College home
Mar. Ii-vaew Britain away
Mar. ii—Oiieonta away

“New name for Triple Cities under
the University of the State of New
York.

Need Hockey Players
For WAA Varsity

State College is not unique in its
stress of hockcy. It is also a prom-
lllt’lll. sport at the University of Col-
orado, Brooklyn College. Skidliiorc.
Susquehanna, University of Alaba-
llltl. Judson ('oilcgc and Queens Coi-
lcgc. to Illl'lllItill a few. The officers
of WAA have issued iippcals for
greater interest. iii the gamc. All
women who wish to 1)ill'llt'11)lllt' may
sign up on thc WAA bullctili board
for lIlt' varsity tcam or iol' tlic illiss
lcallis.

Class, varsity and Illll'tl-li'lll'tli
teams will ciiailcilgc cach otlicr to
a Hill program oi play. This ycal'
tlic plali is a beginning. cht. ycai'
it is hoped. it will prove more work-
ablc. Varsity team members are re—
(plcs‘tcll to attend practiccs on Fri-
day ai‘icrnooiis.

()n Noiciiibcl' ll, Statc will :iltciid
a play day at Hkidlnorc ()ollcgc. ch-
rcscnlatiics will lii- clioscii to littciid
ill lIlt‘ licui' futurc. The play day is
sponsored by the Mohawk It'lt‘Iii
Hockey Association. Ill addition. this
oliliititzlitioli Iiolils pi'lii'licp gaini's
llil‘ llll hockl-y ciilliilsinsts iii llic Al-
bany :il'i'll. information will be olycli
t:ll i'l'tjttl-hl lo WAA (‘iilllicll.

oi ’l‘iiilrlow suffcl'cd a kiicc injury
llc loi'c lIll' lnilsclcs ulld cal'tilagcs
of his left. kiicc,

Kl)" . , (i ii Iii ii 137
'l‘liul'low ,. (i 6 ti i) ii

 

".S"/‘I'/.I'.'.\' ()l" 'l't)/).|I"'

MOE KAHN

23:3 (‘l‘lN'l‘ltAIi AVI'INIIIC
Next to Morris Dilicr

NUI'IC 1’8 SCOI’CS

Lead Onslaught

The State College soccer squad
will tangle with the Siena “Indians”
on Tuesday at Slena‘s field. Coach
Garcia hopes to have the team in
top condition for this contest. Siena.
who is one of the highly touted
teams in the Capitol District. will
meet a determined foe in this con-
test.

Albany State's Purple and Gold
booters came through in fine style
last Saturday. after a 4-0 setback
from the All-American laden Brock-
port Teachers to easily defeat the
hooters from Plattsburgh State 8-2.

Plattsburgh Scores First

The first half turned out to be
a ding dong battle with each team
scoring two goals. The boys from
Plattsburgh scored first in 9:19 of
the first quarter. State roared back
to tie it up a few minutes later.
State added another tally in the first
half and then one minute before
the half Plattsburgii tied it up.

Coach Garcia hit the right com-
bination in the second half when
he switched Dave Weatherby from
center half to left full back, and Jim
Warden. from inside left to center
half. These boys played a magnifi-
cent defensive game and were in-
strumental in stopping the hard
fighting Plattsbui'gh team from
scoring in the second half.

Albany Explodes in 2nd Half

State roared back in this by
scoring three goals in each quarter.
Nunez hit for follr of these tallies
in this half while Al Cannon, and
Phil Billings chipped ill with one
each. Ralph Adams had an assist in
the second half and scored a goal
in tlic first half.

Four of State's goals came as a
result of penalty kicks. The Red and
White of Plattsblirgh fielded an iii-
cxpcricliced Lt‘lllll who in their cag-
crncss to win committed a number
of infractions of the rules. Raoul
Nunez scored forlr of his five goals
on pciialty kicks.

Couch (lai'cia substituted freely
and llscd all of the nicn that he took
on tlic trip.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
s ‘
li()i.l.Y\\’()()l) COMICS
ICAS'I‘ TO TAKE
YOUR I’Olt'l‘RAIT
‘ ‘

OPIL‘N 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

Willllill'l Aiil. 'I‘IIIC

SOHAS ~~

Luncheon Sci-vied iltiily

 

 

Madison Sweet Shop

785 Madison Avenue. Albany, N. Y.

(‘ANIlY w—

S’I‘UI ll'IN’I‘S M I‘II'I’I‘:

SANIlVI’ICIIICS

Open Daily at 8 AM.

 

 

 

 

 

 

