 

 

 

 

Mon 4.

Registrar» Names
Second Semester
Honor Students

(Continued fromPage 1, Column 1)

Slot", Shirley lluswcil, Marilyn llobcrt,
Elizabeth llicks, i'tltriclll .llll. .lrlillcs
Jiusto, Albert Kilclln, idllilcdll l\’ihlini:,
l'iilll Kirsch, l“l‘t‘tlt!l‘l(' Knoci'zor, iter-
crly Kuhlkin. l’ulll Loltrull, .fohll lit-hr.
Kcimctll liclll. hostcr l.c\'incss. KNI-
nctll lilltliilill. llolluld .\lclloiiulrl, lllldu
Mur-licnzlc, Mary Muckscy, llorotliy
Morin. (lcrinulllc .“Plllt'iti, (ilto Mex,
John Mitchell, .lclllll-ttc NlllTi'l‘, lililiun
Olson, .lcnll ()Wclls, Susan A. l'imck,
Nullcy l'ussurclll, l‘illllll l'iltcrsoil.
Clurycc l'crri-ttll, llol'ls’ l’i-ck. hols
l’ri-si-ott, Mary Rt't'tl, l’uulillc ltcimcll-
tlliil. llclcll llolllllson. “"tlilt'l' lloblllsoll,
itonuld ltocklilll. lz‘ngolli- Rollr. llowui'd
ltoslnuil, Robert ltollllcr. Normii Sund—
berg. .‘llll‘it' Sllruntos. Nuolill Schrocilr-r.
llcllnlllll Schultzv. idlsic Show. Gloria
Silvcl'stclli. li‘runcr-s Skirlillorc. ’i‘hoiillls
it. Spcllccl', lrvlllg Sir-l-lll'od. lturhuru
Sir-ill. Edward ’l‘i'l-ucy, .lumcs \Vilrdcn.
Nornill \t'cstllcl‘wux. Andrey Weill-r.
l’llul Wcslt‘ull. lilll’ld \\'clhi-rby, .lolm
Wliitc. l‘lli'olillc \\'llllllilis, Shirley Yor-
loll. .\l|wrt lelllllcrnilllin.

(‘lnss of Him: ltllby .\Illil-l'.~'oll. l-‘I'uli—
cls linker. l'l.l liulllll, .lvss “ill'llt'i. ll:lr»
risoll liilrtli-. lloris llnxtcr. l‘ldnu lililrlc-
lnulln. l‘iitlillt‘ ltll-ssillg. lioliuld lirooks.
ltlchlll'il liuck, .\llli'.\' liilt'o, ltllylliuiid
t'lnllnpiiii. .\illl'ioil t'olllloiiy. .lllcqni-linc
('oploll. iii-vcl'ly (‘ou'li-s. Klitlii'yil illili-
do. .\l:llll‘t't'il lillris, ltollcrt ilt‘iilll'.
Allin-lino iiiiilllihn. Horn ilohliins. \‘ic-
tol'ili i'lullc. l-Iw-iyn i'il'llll'. .\l‘|ciic l“\'l'l'-
i":|l'\\'r'il. licnor- ticivll'lz‘

s’on, .\l:lr,lorh-
mun. .\l:irioll (tors-hie. t‘h.ir|cs (trilli-
clscn. llorollly llurtmnllli. .lillll' lillll.

l'iilZillil'lil flow-us. Willinm Iivilnci'.
t‘nllli-riilo llodg‘cs. 'l'holnns llollmln.
’l‘hi-lmzl llollck. .\ll|l'L'.'lIl‘t'l .illcllsoll. flur-
l'il'l .lilr-ligilng. l.i|li:lli i\':illl|lisky. lvil'ru
lyn Hoist-y, \\'illi:llll Kli'mun. l'i\'l'i)’l|
Knapp, lvldwurd Kylc. lulwrclici- l.:l
.lohll. lionuld lilillllt‘l'. ltolwri |.:lliiil.
lioris Low. i'illlllllllti lmllzh. .lohli hind-
lu-l'g. lIorolhy i.i|I;_'.':ll'. .\lill'.\’ .\l.iguir«-,
Virginia .\luul'--r. .N'Iullii-y .\i:i_\'. lit'dll'll'l‘
.‘ll-lsli'l‘. \'illl:l .\i,\'l1-~'. lil:ll|l| .\'i1'lll.
Kcullvih (trill-r. lil'il‘lll' l’:ii|<-n, 'i‘lli‘l‘twt'
i'ci'ruli. .ill~(‘|ill i'i-rsico. ilt‘lt‘li i’ilchvi',
.\l:lrj i'l'ynr. Shirley ltipli-y. .loun lioc
lll'l'. i‘ili'lllltli' Itoscllliilllii. I'Ircli‘li limin-
shclm. .li~;ln lillgg. )llll'ion itlll'/.. Hurry
Si-oil. l‘iillilll' Hii.lln1i:lll.~l\‘y. iidwuril
Sill-i'irlllil. i'll‘ciyli Silur. ' ll\'lll| Smith,
liolwi'l Smith. llilll .\'t:li  il'l'lil‘ ‘l'l-n
l'iyi-ll. .luhll '|'lli~rrii-li. l-I ' ' Tirol-dip.
i‘iSII'iil‘ \\'I'islii:lll. lll'lu \\l , .\l:ll'iI-ll:|
Will-s. llvnry \\'o,inurowski. lx'cliunlh

    
  

 

Waldorf

OPEN DAY

“A Clean Place To i‘itlt”

167 Central Ave.

ITATI COLLIOI NIWI.

State's Red Cross Unit

Lievestro Tells
d To Draw Up Charter
There will be a meeting for those

Oi Lite Abroa
interested in Red Cross Monday in

A letter has been received .by Ed- v : .m‘
ward J. Sabol, Co-Ordinator of Field. .m‘gﬁ‘dﬁfé ﬁfhgggzgnvnmgefogmd':
Services, from Christiaan Lievesti‘ r: h .t i

., airman. At this time a c a1 er s
1950 graduate of State College. Mr. - f th ”
to be drawn up or e un .
Lievestro is studying in the Nether-
lands under the Fulbright Act which Dr. Walker, retired member of
provides for graduate studying State College faculty, and Dr, Matie
abroad. Green, College Physician, will act

Chris's letter related anecdotes of as advisors at this meeting.
his present life at Baarn. details of State will participate on u mun-
his flight abroad 311d lmDI‘ESSmns Of all to be formed of area college's hav-
the Nemel'lands- ing Red Cross units, and W111 co-

Touring and sightseeing include operate with the College of Saint
only a minor part of Chris’s activi— Rose in a society of grey 1adies_
ties. As he says, “Here we're really

THURSDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1950

’Ped' Editor Requests
Frat, Sorority Pictures

Yearbook pictures will be taken
Wednesday and Thursday at the
Hague Studio, according to Joan
Mitchell ’61, Editor-in-Chief.

Students in fraternities, sororities,
or honorary societies are asked to
sign up if they have not yet done so.

Ask Directory List Corrections

Students are requested to check
the bulletin board by Monday in
Husted to make needed corrections
of names and adresses for the
State College Directory, announces
Helen Agnello ’51. Editor.

Debate Schedule Includes
MIT, RPl Tournaments

State’s Varsity Debate Team will
travel to MIT today for a four-
school tournament. The topic for
the debate will be Resolved: “That
the Non-Communist nations of the
world‘should form a new interna-
tional organization.”

Two of State’s Varsity Debate
Teams will debate Wednesday at
RPI on the same subject. That
night. there will be an exhibition
debate open to all students in Room
210, Draper at 7:30 p.m.

Newly accepted novice debaters
will participate in an intro-club
novice debate tournament here
Thursday on the national topic.

 

put to work." The sessions are ex-
tremely long, but they are pleasant-
ly interrupted by mid-morning and
afternoon tea.

“With our Dutch daily becoming
more proficient. the only thing that
gives us away is our bright ties. But
another lnonth, and we will feel
quite at home.”

\\'ooslr-r. l"ll‘l:l Wright, ’l‘hollliis YoiI'.
(it'ol'izu Y'lllilitlll'l‘l‘t'.
('lilss of limit: .\l:li"lol'ii- .\Ii:tlil‘c. Holl-
l‘l'l lulu-och, .\lurjory hiltcr. (llol'lu
lcl'it. .\l:iriun lit'lll, .li-lllih- ilullri, li-i-lic
lirr-zillsiiy. .\i:ll'li)'|l illll'bunil. lii'licc
t'ulllphi-ll, .looli t‘hcl'liocll. .‘llllll‘ t‘ll‘l‘lh'
lodlllli. .\l:ir;:ri-I t‘hni'ch, i-‘l‘ullcis Fit).

i’nlrii-ill lil‘lll'l, lli-lcll lingo]. \\'ilti:lm
Illlwkills. ltnlh ill'l"l{!|\\'il‘/i. l-li'i lu’
hillcr. l‘risrillu .Iolli-s. llitn Rollin-y.
Shirli-l’ |\'i~<.~|i-l‘, \\'i||i:ilil Kl'll'lllilll,
Iii-lii'lz [{rlszr-ll'siri. Mir-hurl i.:im:il'c:l.
lilllll' Lori-loco. .\lln .\lcl)ougiil|. inl‘
iI:II'lI .\li-lllloy.:i. ’l'ilin Nil'llsll‘u. llllllit'i
ltohillson, Noni-y Shorinnn. .\l:ir,\'cllcll

Sigh-r, 'I'honms Sonic. .ll-nllctli- Sir-iii.
llnllu'd Sliliiu .loun Sirloin-r. .\nll Slur
:cs. .loi’cc 'i'ul'ni-l'. tiillwl'i \\':ililm;lll.
(lirl'll‘lliil' Zlillur.

itF. honikel ti Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4:2036

157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Cafeteria

AND NIGHT ' ‘ . .

 

 

W-E—E—K—L—Y

heard of" price of

guns, Both

and
Scl'crul sizes.

. f I
litt‘Jl'A/ /{l'/l.'i

 

 

New shipment of Zipper iiilldcrs.
from Majestic Stationery.

the salesman had. Yours for the un-  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. I

One Week Special on Cardigans 3.50 —- 2.75

Both State lllltl Millic cotton cilrdi-
mode by
Kilitwcur of ltochostcr

Special 0n Homestead Vellum

lloxos slightly sllopworn but quali-
ty unimpaired
quality.

iltlt [ll ttftlll-tlll

oi' cxcoliont

 

S—P—E—c-l—A-I.

A close-out
Only 336, the lost 36

 

SALE
PRICE

Regular
Price

of cigill‘cilo

(‘llulllpion

1.15 — 89c

  ’C than any

it Cc ..l osf il’t. r‘.’\ I

 

 

 

ground for tiny cigul‘cltc.

Campus Interviews on Cigarette Tests
 Number 2...'I'I'IE BLOW FISH

 

"Shocks—I blow in when. .l‘ s/zoulrl’vc blown out!”

lost it cigui'cllc to smokc puck :lllcr puck, (lily llitcl‘ iluy'.’
'l‘ilul’s lilo lcsl (illlilt'l asks you to liillkc —

tllc Iitl-lllly Miiillicss 'l‘cst. Hmoilc (illllit'irl —— and
only (illlllt'iri —~ l‘cgilliil‘iy for .50 days. Your "'l‘~7.ollo”

l'i‘ tor 'i‘ill'out unri 'i' for 'i‘uslcl  is the rcul proving

Altcl‘ you'vc ll'it'il (illlllt'iﬁ

us your rcgulllr slnokc, you'll know why . . .

More People Smoke Camels

other cigarette!

 

Ply the poor l’iscisl iic’s ilccn milking all those
trick cigul'ctlc tosls yoll'yc llccll i'cuilillg illloutl llc’s tukcll oiu- pull of this
ill'llllti — onc sniii oi that. A lplick illllulc oi cigul‘ctlc "A" —— u inst cxllllic

"ii" — ltllti he’s still colllllsclil Hcriously, isn‘t tilc scllsiilio wny to

QBOXCE cyan“

 

 

 

State College

 
 

'1 . TING
12 NOON TODAY

 

2-444

ALBANY.

NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20,

1950

VOL. xxxv no. is

 

Masquerade Ball
Will Commence
lGC Formalities

Grand March, Prizes
To Conclude Festivities
At Beaux Arts Dance

The first masquerade dance at
State in recent years will be held
tomorrow in the Commons from 8
p. m. to 12 p.m. by Inter-Group
Council, it has been announced by
Stuart; Gates '51, Chairman. There
Will be lorcign and folk dances, and
a Grand Parade will highlight the
cvenulg.

’10 be in fashion with the theme,
ellrl'yonc is requested by IGC to
come sporting some kind of costume
or to ill. least appear in a nzask.
During the Grand Parade, those
wcni'lilg the most clever and most
ol'lgillui costume, the gayest outfit.
and the funniest attire will be
ili‘i'lll‘utlll prizes.

Fraturc ltound, Square, Folk Dance

'illt’lt,‘ will be both round and
square l.iltlLii.g. John Bowkcr ‘51.
with his accomion and the Albany
Folk Dancers will provide music and
demonstrate foreign and folk
dilllCLS also.

For decorations, according to Lois
Prescott '51. the committee has
plunncd a gay and colorful canopy
of balloons and crcpc paper. Large
three dimensional murals of Beaux
Art scones with people in costume
will be placed on the walls. Refresh-
ments will be served ill the Cain-
mons and will include cider and
doughnuts.

List (,‘hapcroncs For Dance

The coaperoiics for the evening
will include: Allen H. Benton, Ill-
stl'uctor ill Biology. and Mrs. Bon-
ton; Clarence A. Hidlcy, Assistant
Professor of Social Studies, and Mrs.
Hidlcy; and Dr. Paul C. Lemon, As-
sistant Professor in Biology. and
Mrs. Lemon.
ltcgulur Hours For Freshmen

F‘i'cslllnun girls lil‘t! reminded that
they will not be given the extra
hours as was originally planned. and
that thcy arc to bc in their respec—
tive dormitory by 12 midnight. ac-
cording to Gutcs.

inter-Group Collilcil is now seek-
“1.: now members for its future lic-
t.ivitlcs. Among othcr things plunncd
for thc following' your ul'c social
functions, scnlillurs. community
scrricc work, llllll work projects in
lilc Ncighlnlrhood llousc llil(i Book-
t‘t' ’1'. Washington Ccntci'. The of)-
jcctirc of lflf'l. which illrilidcs com-
munity M‘l'l'l"t‘. is it strong (il'l\'t' to
iilcl'ru-c :illd hcttci' thc i‘rlnliollsllhls
hl-lwccn curious racial and cultural
groups. uml rchgiolls organizations.

AD To Present
One Act Plays

A lllclodrulnu und u conlcdy will
hc pl'cscntcd by tho Atll'llllt'l‘ti
l.)i'ilnlutics cluss 'l‘llcsdily ill tlzlit) pm.
ill l’uiic llull. ’l‘llcsc pluys will bc thc
first of ii si-rics oi sludclit pl'oduccd
Dille otl'ci'cil l)\ lhc clilss.

llcnl'y Smith ‘ll‘J. will (lirch lilt‘
lnclorlrumu. which is sci iii an ubun-
doncd llllt on tho English coast. ’l‘hc
plot. is t't'llit't't'tl urolmd tlic thcl’t of
it ruby. ’l'hc cunt will tic composcd
of Mlll'\’|ll l'oolls ulld l'ldwurd
Sir-urns, Hl‘iiilll'h; l‘ldwurd Kylc ‘52:
’l‘llomus llughcs, .lumcs llughcs. Wil-
ltulll llll\\’i(ill.‘i, illlrl ltlchurd Scott.
Sopllotilol'cs. ulld l'lurl llnrc ‘54.

'l‘hc pluy. dtrcctcd by Hunt l)llll7.ts
'52. is it umslcul comcdy ulid poli-
ticill t'ul'cc and is sci. til it chcup hotci
room. A build will hc fcuturcd til it
polillcill i'uily which tilkcs plurc ill
tllc piuy, illcilldcli lil tin' cllsl ul'c
l'iltl‘l Hlpc ’hl, lloss l"t‘(lt‘l‘t)('tl, llollclt
Donllclly, llollulll l’llttcrnlull. l'utl'i-
ciu (lruft'. ulld 'l‘lioluus llollllull. .lull—
tors; l)olluld (‘olllus lllill Louis Vion.
Sophoniorcs; ulld liidwul'd fruit '54.

Thu ilcnds of tho collmlittccs for
thc twu plurs urc nlcnlbcrs of thc
AI) cluss.

 

 

'Marty' Chatters,
Spins The Platters

Seems there’ve been many
parties held lately, but did you
ever hear of a party that never
broke up? That's the “Party
with Marty" show on WOKO
with Marty Ross doin’ the
M-C’cn.

Marty is a disc jockey who
mingles gab with music and
commercials at ll p.m. every
week-day except Saturday. A
group of State sorority girls de-
cided to visit the program and
didn't Marty interview everyone
of them!

MR. asked the girls questions
ranging from. “what they were
majoring in to their favorite vo-
calists and band leaders. Any-
one listening in might have de-
tected ll pcriori of silence during
the program—a spider on the
table was “weaving” a spot for
himself on the air.

Next time you‘re in the mood
for a party. drop Marty a card
at the Wellington Hotel. and
say that you‘d like to appear on
his program. You might be then,
on an air-way party!

 

English Evening
To Feature Talk

The first English Evening of this
year will be held in the College
Lounge at 8 p. m., tonight. Dr. Louis
C. Jones, a former member of the
State College English Department
and now head of tile New York State
Historical Association, will speak on
folklore to the English majors, the
members of the collcg’e English Dc-
partmcnt, and guests from the
Millie English Department und from
neighboring high schools.

Joan Tuntum ’52, and Frederick
Knocrzcr ‘51, will remain on the
student committee for thc English
Evcnings. New members for thc stu-
clcnt. committee will be elected at
this meeting froln a list of nomina-
tions mode by English incmbcrs.
Tiil'(‘(‘ English Evenings urr- planned
for this school year. according to
Miss Tuntunl and Knoerzor.

inter-Sorority Council Schedules
Social For Freshmen Women

 

Religious Clubs
Slate Activities
For Near Future

The religious cille of State are
planning various programs for this
week and the near future. Included
among the religious progran‘s is a
recital of the Utah Centtnnial
Choir. a Holy Hour sponsored by
Newman Clllb, a joint meeting of
Hillel and Student Christian Asso-
ciation. and two conferences to be
hold at Cornell.

The Utah Centennial Choir will
prrscnt a program in the Lounge
on Tuesday at 3:30 p.m.. accarding
to Dr. Frances Colby, Instructor in

English. The singers will render
sacred and popular songs. Elder

Cooper, Minister of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints,
will speak on the history and back-
ground of the Mormons.

Newman Club will hold its first
Holy Hour of the year on Sunday
at 3 p.m. The Holy Hour will take
place ill tllc Small Grotto which is
located on the corner of Ontario and
Yates Streets.

A joint meeting of Hillel alld SCA
will be held at. the Synagogue. 441
Washington Avenue on Sunday at 7
). m. The speakers are Rabbi Schec-
tor and Dr. William E. Vickel'y. Pro~
fossor of Inter-Cultural Education,

and the subject of their talks is
interfaith.
Several members of SCA are

planning to participate in the SCA
Conference at Cornell University on
October 27—29. The theme of the
conference is "What It Mculls To Be

A Christiun~Rcsourcca for Chris-
tlull Living and Growth."
Several members of the Stilt?

IZF‘A are planning to attend the
IZEA Seminar at Cornell University
on October 27-29. Tllc subject of
the Seminar is “Politics in Israel."

SA Assembly
Will Nominate

Campus Queen

The agenda for today's assembly,
according to James Juisto, President
of Student Association, includes
nominations for Campus Queen and
"Who's Who," a pep rally and sev-
eral announcements. At the Student
Council meeting Wednesday night
consideration of a new bulletin
board for lower Draper was discuss-
ed. The idea of the possibility of
Class meeting quorums was pre-
sented. ~Harvey Robinson ’52, was
elected Chairman of Campus Day.

Nominations for Campus Queen
will be taken from the student body.
The live girls from the Class of 1951
receiving the highest number of
votes will be candidates for Queen.
Voting for the Queen will be done
in next week's assembly.

Students who will represent State
College in the 1950—51 edition of
“Who’s Who Among Students in Am-
erican Universities and Colleges"
will also be nominated today. The
qualities that should be considered
for the prospective candidates are
excellence and sincerity. scholarship.
lcadersilip and participation in
extra-r lrricular activities. service to
the College and usefulness to busi-
ness and society, according to Mari-
lyn Strchlow '51, Director of Press
Bureau.

Discussion of the number of in-
dividuals necessary for a class meet-
ing was carried on in Student, Coun-
cil. It was decided that the quorum
be based on a percentage basis. This
proposal will be brought up at the
various class meetings in the near
future.

The cliccl'lcuding and song rally
will be led by Evelyn Killnke and
Mary Borys. Juniors.

 

Thursday Trip To Hudson Climaxes Hectic Days OF Work
As ’News' Staff Members Rush College Paper To Press

"'l‘l'llin lcuyillg for lhlrlsoll.
Poughkccpslc. l'it'ilt‘llll. i'ilil'llitill, Ncw
York. ’l‘l'uck ()lll‘. All uhoul'd for
tllc lﬂz-tfl p.m." With thc conduct.-
ol"s cult, till'cc firstii‘illit‘ czlitors.
(llllllill. i‘illtlt‘, lili(i Smitty. and our
incmhcr of thc “Ncw's” sports stu‘f'
scurry ul'lcl' "’l'hi- (‘hil-f.” l“t'llY..'i. to
t'lllt'll thc il‘llill.

'l‘hc “Ni-wsllcs" urc ()il thcir wily
to thc lllldson I‘i\'l'lllllg llcgistcr ill
llllllholl on this 'l‘hul‘any uttcr«
noon. to sci up thc l:slu~ o1 lllc
Ncws. prcofrcud ll. I‘llll it off, t'lll.
llllll puck it to bring buck thul. night
’l"hr \'ii-\\' on the wuy down is llcrcr
notircll. us lust-mtnillc hcudllncs
lll'l‘ llcmll writtcn.

l.ct's look in on tho hustlcl‘s lit
tiic printing house! Wc hcc four
hcuds hcllt chr it tulllc on which
lll't‘ lllitl out tllc sis lilliil‘h' of llic
Ncws. Alli-r it little shifting of
storics oil tllc plow, u copy is run
off of pugcs 1. (i lllltl ti. lllt' tirst to
go to prcss. 'l‘llc “Ncwsltcs” h‘l'llil
lhcsc coplcs rul'ct‘uliy tor hcndlillc
nllstukcs ulul copy cl'i'ors. Aftci' cor-
rcclllnl illL' mistllkcs, tilcy tukc tiic
col'rcctril r-opics to Mlit‘ or lilil’tlltl.
thc lillolypc opcl‘utoi's for rcscttlnil.
Muc‘s thc proud pupil of two chil-
dl'cn. llurold. thc othcl' lllltllj’iit‘l’, is
llllll‘it‘tl, \icry quict. bllt obliginll
wllcn it comes to rcscttinu linos.

thll thc thl'r-c pugcl; urc colli-
plctcly col'lwtcd, thcy urc pill in il
sir-cl cllcusillg, which is brought
ovcr to tho prcss opt‘l’ulm'. litll, to
hc l'llll off.

'l‘hl- two "biirclllrfs" ut thc llt‘llil
of lllt‘ Will‘l'lS ul‘c ll'ostcl' imd ’l‘ony.
lt‘oslci' is u happily lllurrlcd lllull

 

 

Muc ot'ficlutcs

lit the Linotype

 

with it t'llllllly. At pi'cscllt "ii n'u pus
dc tit‘lllm." tlli(l llo's waiting for his
t'ulsr- tcr-th. ’l‘ony‘s illulll llltcrcst. ill
liic ilcsidc's printing, ill't' his chil—
drcll. lllltl he clljoys wutchllu; lclc-
ytsioll ut lionlc.

llcul'lui: tho wllccls for u llltillltc.
our busy “Nowsitcs” huvc gout! ollt
to cut. ulid llpoll their return chuck
puch 2,4 and 5 so liiil cull run off
tllc col'l‘cctcll puilcs on tho books of
tho fhlt piccc containing 1. ll ulld (i.

Allis! illtltl coptcs have boon run
off on both sides, and lift! randy for

folding. li‘ostcr usullily opcriltcs thc
folding inuchlnc, llild it’ till gocs well.
thc job cull bc coniplotcd til about
llL: hours. Then the cutting machine
cuts page ii so that it fits looscly
lnsidc the paper.

Auywllcro from it to 13 midnight,
the "Nowattos," tired and worn. put
tho coplcs ill u car, ulld head toward
Albany, cliuutfourod by over-fullb-
ful Juck.

ionic ll‘rtduy, bleury-llycd tllcy
sco students grub aimlessly for their
News, llcvcr sorting the many hours
put bchlnd its production.

Greeks To Hold
Teas For Faculty

The Inter—Sorority Social will
take place tonight in the gym from
8 to 11 p.m., according to Lenore
Corcoran ’51, General Chairman.
Beverly Kuhlkin '51, President of
Inter—Sorority Councilphas released
information regarding new proce-
dures to be followed during rushing.
Two sororities have planned faculty
tens to be held Sunday.

This social is given so that the
freshman girls will be able to meet
all sorority members in an informal
manner. The seven sororities on
campus, Kappa Delta, Psi Gamma.
Chi Sigma Theta. Alpha Epsilon Phi,
Gamma Kappa Pill, Beta Zeta, and
Phi Delta. will be represented in a
comedy written by Jacqueline Cop-
ion ‘52. Everyone attending will take
part in square dancing and refresh-
ments will be served.

List Committees

Those in charge of the evening's
festivities are: Entertainment, Jac-
queline Coplon; Refreshments,
Joyce Leavitt; Music. Marcellne
Stievc; Arrangements, Marjorie
Farwcll; Decorations. Mary Borys,
Juniors.

There will be no formal rushing
or concentrated rush period, thus.
eliminating the note writing and
noon hour rushing to the Boul as
was characteristic of former years.

The purpose of these changes is
to make sorority rushing as infor-
mal as possible, according to Miss
Kuhlkin. Sorority members as in-
dividuals will be free to get ac-
quainted with non-members during
school and will be able to take them
to their respective houses. Each so-
rority will have two afternoon Opcll
Houscs in order to provide enter-
tainment for the freshmen. One is
scheduled before Thanksgiving and
another litter the Thanksgiving re—
(1055.

Schedule Teas

Chi Sigma Theta has scheduled a
faculty tea for Sunday from 3 to 5
p.m. Ruth Bl'een '51. is ill charge
of the affair.

Alpha Epsilon Pill has also plan-
ncd il faculty tea for Sunday from
2 to 4 p.m. Sandra Cohen ’52, is
chairman of this event.

Arrange Plans
For Open Houses

Mclnbcrs of State College Facul-
ty illld Student Association are ill-
vltcd to attend un open house at
Plci-cc l‘lull Sunday from 3 to 5 p. in.,
uccording to Mary Bol'ys '52, Social
Chutrmull ot‘ the wool. Vllll Dcrzec
lillll has planned on open house for
tomorrow from it to 12 p. m., uccord<
lng to Erodoi'ic Kuoorzcr '51, Presl-
(lcnt of the group house and chair-
man of the event.

All of Vun Dorzoc Hill] will be
upon for inspection during the open
house after which refreshments will
bc scl'vcd and n vic party given.

Mrs. Gladys Rand. Socllll Director
of Pierre Hull. and the officers of
the dormitory will greet the guests
til the vcstibulc after which the
hostesses will begin the tour which
will include the slecping rooms. the
rcccptlon rooms. the dining room
and tho luglo Room. Following the
tnspcctton, rct'rcshnlcllts will be
served ulld records pluycd iii the
lnlllo Room.

The committee heads for tho .
Ptorcc Hull open llollso are: Sooiul

Clluirmun. Mary llorys '52; Hos-
tosscs, Eisic Show '51; Refresh-
moms, Ethel Mtll‘till '53. Barbara

Law and itosulinu‘y Brodt. fresh-
men; and Vtctroln. Betty Coykun—
dilll ’53.

 

