 

has a

The Perennial Question . .

Spring elections roll around, and following im-
mediater on their heels is the perennial question
‘Why is a person limited to the number of ofﬁces
for which he may run?” The question is one which
faces Election Commission each year. The Com-
mission now decides whether candidates should be
entitled to run for more than one ofﬁce on the same
ballot. Many contend that to restrict a person
running for, say, class president to that one ofﬁce

- alone eliminates some of the best people from try-
ing for other ofﬁces such as Student Council.

Actually this regulation is only in the Election
Commission rules, with no mention made in the
Student Association Constitution, or the Major-
Minor Ofﬁce plan, that says that a person cannot
run for, and be elected to more than one ofﬁce in
either the class or SA. There is, however, a point
where someone must decide where the limit is to
be set, and this duty falls, under our present sys-
tem, to Election Commission.

There is also a limit to the amount of efﬁciency
which we can expect in a government such as ours,
which is conducted entirely by students. College is
not only a scholastic training ground, but also
must offer us something along the line of extra-
curricular training. In following a course of action
to train as many people as possible from among
those who desire it, the line must be drawn, and
one way to do this is to limit the number of ofﬁces
for which any one person may compete.

In compelling a person to make a choice, the
present system eliminates, or at least reduces, the
possibility of one or a few people running for sev-
eral ofﬁces to “pad” themselves, and thus insure
themselves of a job for the coming year, by enter-
ing so many contests that they cannot stand to lose
in all of them.

Finally, if a person chooses to run for an ofﬁce,
he should enter the race with the thought in mind
that he is the best candidate for the position, and
has a desire to win. If a person does not have conﬁ-
dence in himself, he can certainly never expect
others to place their trust in him. Therefore, by
making pre-voting choice of the ofﬁce for which he
wishes to compete, the candidate instills conﬁdence
in others, is forced to concentrate his efforts on the
campaign for one ofﬁce, and shows that he has a
real interest in the job for what it is, not to just
have an ofﬁce.

Time Enough . . .

Many members of Student Association have been
wondering when the budget is going to come up for
consideration in the Assembly. In the past few
years the budget discussions have been started the
ﬁrst or second week in April.

This week‘s Student Council news reads that the
budget will be brought up in Assembly a week from
today. School probably ends June 2, a Friday. That
gives us live assemblies in which to consider our
budget.

Of course, it is absolutely imperative that the
budget discussion be ended, and a total budget
agreed upon before school ends. Sonic organiza-
tions, such as the Freshman Handbook, start spend-
ing money during the summer; freshmen pay their
fees as they enter in the fall.

Five weeks should give ample time for the mem-
bers to investigate the lines of all the organizations.
And, since the new administration should take over
all the budget meetings except the first, the dis-
cussion will be in the hands of a combination of
the old and new.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIG

BY THE CLASS OF IDIG

ltA'I‘lNG—ALL-AMERICAN
April 28, 1050 No. 24

Distributor
Associated Collegiate l'ri-un t‘ollegliite Dim-tit
'l‘lie undergraduate iienupsipi-r of tilt! New York State t‘ol
p.m. n”- 'l‘eacliern; published every Friday of the College
your by the NEWS flour-i for tile Student Association.
l'iionel: Wiltse, L'riltlI'J. Fret-I. '..‘-tll‘.'tl; “Phil” and it‘tll'l'i‘ll.
A0237. Woiiiier 'J tune, Nit-inherit ol' the NEWS staff may
I... “melted 'l‘ueiidiiy lliltl \l'wliieadiiy from 7 to ilztiti p. in.
It 3-0407,

 

VOL. XXXIV

Member

'l‘ll M h H \\ in” "(DA Ill)
ulilltLEV It‘ll/I‘M“ ~ ~ - - « - -
IIMMNADE’I‘TI‘I It‘ltlfl‘lli - - l'uiiiiu ltolutlona Editor
DIAle H. WEIIIHCII v - - - - - - - Hporiu I‘Jditor
(NIAle SCIHII - - ~ ‘ - - - - illrcuiutiou Milnllor
JOAN FitltlIELl. ~ - ~ - - - Atlvorlluiux DIIIIII.O|'
MICHAEL (‘Olt’l'rlril'i - - - - - v lliiniueu Manager
EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - - - - Features Editor
('Ittll’llilA iM’t‘TiH’l'i - - ~ - I‘lxeiuumo Editor

l‘ldltor-ln-Cliiof

(tumult ultICVNlCit - ~ ~ — Aunooloio Editor
(IMIIALII DUNN - - - - - — - - - Associate Editor
DIARY FENZEL - - - ~ - - r - - Associate Editor

 

STAT! COLLIGI NIWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 25. 1950

“. . . and, I think, I may now speak without fear of contradiction . . .

 

 

 

 

 

II

 

State spied ? .7

 

People say that we, as a college,
are growing up. We now have un-
der construction two new buildings.
one, a dorm and the other, a. class-
room building, both of which are
very necessary to the future plans
for students here. But here at State
there are things lacking that should
not be. Sure, we have students.
profs, classes, frats, sororities, ath—
letics. and little things like that,
but there is no college spirit. Yes,
NO SPIRIT! There is no spirit to-
ward college organized activities. A
pitiful small few attend our inter-
collegiate encounters. Are these few
State? State with an enrollment of
1500? It is a disgrace to place com-
petitive teams in any field without
support and I, for one. am in favor
of doing something about it.

Within our individual classes and
organizations there is the spirit.
Why isn‘t some of this transferred
to our college activities? For exam-
ple, take the freshman class and
their parade. advertising the Big 4
Congratulations to those concern-
edi, then look at the results. They
played to a packed house. Their
band was composed of all freshmen,
20 of them. If there are that many
instrument players in that one class.
how many more are there here at
State? A band at the field of play
helps to raise college spirit. Rallies
staged before encounters also en-
courage students to be presan at
intercollegiate events. but here there
is no spirit.

One of the reasons, I believe, for
this situation is the lack of all col-
lege activities sponsored by SA.
Individual organizations are always
presenting their wares to the stit-
dents. There .n'e few events ])l’(‘-
sented by SA as a group such
as Campus Day «freshmen and
Sophomores priniarllyl. Christmas
formal, and Moving—Up—IJiiy. What
about some informal gatherings

By BILL REYNOLDS

 

.3641 Week
In ﬂuemély

 

Last week's assembly included
speeches by nominees for student
association positions for the coming
year and discussion on the Election
Commission amendment. The posi-
tions opened are: President, Vice-
Presldent, Secretary, ’I‘reasurer,

and Grand Marshal of Campus
Commission.
Further action on the Election

Commission amendment was post-
poned for two Weeks.

 

sponsored by SA such as pep ral-
lies before the season openers, in-
formal dances. open cheering in SA,
meetings, and the singing of our
college fight songs? It seems to me
that we ought to take pride in at—
tending State. We ought to take
more interest in her activities with
other colleges and boost and stip—
port them in all possible ways. Iii-
dividuals always support their or-
ganizations and are proud of them.
Why can't they be Just as proud
of their alma mater? WHY?

Where is that State SPIRIT?

capital emu/Jud

By PAT BRADY

 

 

To those of you who love to see
personalities “in person" the new
policy of the Colonial Theater will
be of major interset to yoti. Start-
ing Monday. the Colonial Theater
will inaugurate a season of dra-
matic stock with Sarah Churchill in
“The Philadelphia Story" as the
opening attraction. The play will run
through Saturday night, with Wed-
nesday and Saturday inatinees.

Miss Churchill, who has just com-
pleted a coast. to coast tour in “The
Philadelphia Story,” is the daughter
of the former prime minister of
Great Britain. In addition to her
many stage appearances in England
and the United States. Miss Church-
ill has starred in a number of Euro-
pean films.

The second week will feature Su-
san Peters in “The (ilass Menag-
ti‘ie," a play which was a success on
Broadway as Well its at. the Play-
house.

’l‘cntntlve plans for the future iii-
cliide Basil Riithbonc in "The Hell'-
ess," ["aye Emerson in “Goodbye, My
Fancy." and "l‘lzz‘ee Men on a
Horse.“ with ’chtly Hurt and Stuart.
ii'wni, members of the original
ilroadwny conipnny.

The Colonial ’l‘henter's policy will
be to institute a resident stock coin-
pony. with Visiting name stars. The
box office is open now for the first
of this series.

is there a miller in the school?
If there is, please contact. Ed-
gar S. Van Ollnda, care of the
'l‘inics-Union. You may be responsi-
tile for bringing Anton Kurtis. world
famous zlthcr player. to this city. Mr.
Kin'iis’ playing of this instrument.
supplies the background music for
the illin. "The Third Man," coming
to this city soon.

A note: Jeanette MacDonald is
appearing at the Palace Theater on
Tuesday night in a song recital.

 

Gama-31d“

By EADE and SCHULTZE

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Srarn COLLEG
News.

DOUBLE FEATURE ASSEMBLY . . .

The drama and excitement of Student Association
campaign speeches during our assembly was only a
prelude to the d. and e. of the ﬁre across the street.
Few realized that the ﬁre was so near till they left
the assembly and saw the crowds of "I-have-no-as-
sembly-seaters” at the scene. Milne practice teachers
found themselves faced with a new problem.
CULTURAL CONTRIBUTIONS . . .

There were several especially outstanding cultural
features around school this week.

One was the enjoyable evening spent listening to
the singing discoveries of the fresh in their Big-4
production. New talent was found in Pat Carlo. who
did to the women what the dancing girls did to the
men.

Fifty-three did a tremendous job of organizing not
only a big parade around town, but in forming a 20
piece band that was really good.

Another is McManus and Riley's contribution to the
male sartorial tastes. Much appreciated by the houses
are the 3-year gift subscriptions to that delightful
brochure—Esquire. the ﬁrst copy of which has ar-
rived. Undoubtedly many hours will be spent poring
over its contents (sartorial. that isi
TICK-TICK. WHERE’S OUR CLOCK . . .

Users of the PO who glance towards the spot where
once hung a clock have been muttering inuendos in
copious quantities. Having been requisitioned for bet—
ter use. the News editors are at a loss and no longer
can frighten the defenseless writers by glaring, point-
ing at the clock and screaming—Remember the dead-
line.

AROUND TIIE HALLS . . .

Campus Commission was kept very busy putting up
the various campaign posters, announcements for the
spring play and spring concert. The posters range
from single names to long campaign promises and
represent a varied hue of colors, pictures, time and
thought.

'52‘s li’l orphan boy is sporting a new suit of clothes
this week.

Just as busy as Campus Commission was the per-
son or persons who tore down the Commuters' deco—
rations and publicity for their MUD formal last Tues-
day. Rather small on the part of the culprits.
BUDGET HEARINGS . . .

Because our college catalog for next year went to
press with $17 as our Student Activity fee. an em-
barrassing situation has been created whereby Stu-
dent Council is faccd with a recommendation to leave
the fee at this figure and attempt to balance its
budget accordingly. This has resulted in a deficit of
approximately $800 which could be solved in one of
two ways. To balance it, the assembly can over-ride
the recommendation and raise our fee to $18. curtail
some of our activities. or tap our surplus which is
being depleted slowly. but surely.

STATE DOES IT AGAIN . . .

Last year Dorothy Midgley, a State College speaker.
walked off with the Regional honors of the Hearst
Oratorical Contest and went on to the National ﬁnals.
This year Sparky Vaughn has started on the same
path. with our wishes for further good fortune.

We wonder who will follow in their footsteps.
’I‘.I’.B. PROBLEMS . . .

It has come to our attention that teacher placements
for students with Bachelor's degrees are made diffi-
cult by the incrcascd competition with Grads. Jobs
are getting scarce; men seem to be favored, as is ad—
vanced work. Brother, things is getting rough all over.
SEEN WHILE LOOKIN' AROUND . . .

Mr. Sabol's office is takin’ on a new appearance with
the new addition separating his office from the llltllll
reception room.

ANI) REMEMBER . . .

“I am a new pencil sharpener.

would have the treat your pencil."

 

 

Trent me as you

 

College Calendar - - -

 

li‘ltlllAY. APRIL :38

3:30 pm. iVClt‘ Regular llible meeting. Room 150

ii p.m. Spottiin Club Play, "Rosina es li‘i‘ugil,”
Commons

11:30 p.m. Newman Club open house, Newman Hull

SATURDAY. APRIL 39

1 p.m. Psi (iiunma Alumnae Luncheon. Jack's
Restaurant
(iaiinnii Kappa Phi Alumnae Luncheon.
I-lri'bcri's
iletii Zeta Alumnae Lilllt'llt‘tnl, Herbert‘s
Phi Delta Alumnae Luncheon. Wiigai"s
‘J pin. Chi Sigma Alumnae Luncheon, DcWiii
Clinton Hotel
2:30 pin. i'lii ilelta Altiininie meeting at. the timbre
-i::ill p.m. (innnnn Kappa Phi Tea at. the House
ll p.m. Arcii meeting of lVCl‘I iii ltPl
TUESDAY. MAY 2
Zirllll p.m. Women's Rivalry softball. l‘ngc It‘ieid
ti.l:’i p.m. Men‘s Rivalry softball, Page l'i‘leld

Christian Science regular

meeting, liooin Ill

tl::itl p.m. Matti Club meeting, liooin Lititl

waiiNicsiiAY. MAY L'

12 noon Student Christian
Unitarian Church

'l‘lllllth‘llAY. MAY ii

13 noon IVCI'1 meeting, Mr. Fitzgerald, speaker

ti p.m. English Evening in Lounge

7:30 pm. Organization

Association Chapel,

,\

H.

 

“ray—M

r
l
3
z
.5,
i;
i

 

Religious Clubs
Slate Elections,
Area Meetings

Newman Club will join with other
area. colleges in the annual May
Day observance, SCA will conduct
its regular weekly chapel, and Hillel
has slated its spring elections dur-
ing the coming week, according to
information released by the respec-
tive presidents. IVCF has also re-
leased its program for the week.

Newman Club will participate in
the annual Albany May Day obser-
vance Monday evening, along with
groups from other colleges in the
area, according to Mary Arden
Lynch ’50, President. Miss Lynch
has also announced that at the Con—
vention of the Central New York
Province of the Newman Club Fed-
eration, which was held in Syra-
cuse last week end, Paul LeBrun
was elected Treasurer of the Prov-
ince. Other delegates attending the
convention were Miss Lynch. Gerard
Brophy ’51, and Mary Maguire ‘52.

Included on the agenda for IVCF
is an area meeting at RPI tomorrow
at 8 p. m. The speaker will be Rev.
Miners of Schenectady. Also, accord-
ing to Doris Price ’50. President,
there will be a group attending the
RPI lacrosse game in the afternoon,
and a picnic will follow. Also on the
weekly program for the organization
is its regular bible class, which will
be held in room 150 today at 3:30
p.m.

Miss Price has also announced
that Mr. Fitzgerald of Troy will be
the speaker at the regular Thurs-
day noontime meeting.

Virginia Adams ’52 will be the
speaker at the regular Wednesday
chapel in the Unitarian Church. Her
topic for the noontime meeting will
be “He Died Climbing."

Election schedules have been re-
leased by Jeanne Bowen ’50. Presi-
dent of SCA and Daniel Ganeles '51,
president of Hillel. SCA elections
will be held Monday and Tuesday
between the hours of 0 a. in. and 3:30
p. m. Balloting will take place in the
lower hall of Draper Hillel elections
will be held Wednesday noon in
room 20.

GWMJ

To the Editor:

Several people. including a couple
of candidates for ofﬁce. have asked
me to write a note trying to stress
the importance of a 1009; vote today.
There is not nnich to say that I
haven't already said, so I‘ll make
this short.

Remember all the Communist
elections of this past year? Well, if
you do you‘ll remember the size of
this vote—~962}, Dtl'if ! That is a chal-
lenge to every qualified voter in a
democratic institution. It is always
the valuable vote that is hardest to
get. Will we be able to brag that
every student has cast his ballot in
this year's election? Your vote may
be the one needed to put your can-
didiitc into office!

Vote carefully and blame yourself
it“ your administration next year is
a poor one!

 

 

Norm Sciirainin '51
To file litliior:

At the request. of many students
I am answering the letter from Nor-
man Sclii'uinin of two Weeks ago. i
am doing this because next year's
lenders cannot do it good job unless
they have the backing of the Asso-
ciation's members. They won't get,
any backing if you don't feel you can
trust them.

i want to make it clear that the
accusations. implied and otherwise,
are not true. it‘irstiy. l was not asked
for a bus ride announcement in As—
sembly; it was therefore impossible
for me to refuse permission for tiny-
onc to make it.

The special train deal is iioi a
private enterprise as is the bus ride.
but is merely a public service. This
probably explains the fact that Mr.
Schranim did not i'eceiye any free
advertising in the News.

Contrary to ilie implication. I had
nothing to do with the mutilation
of the bits ride publicity. I expressed
to Norman that i realized the reason
for any inniti'cu‘ancnt of his publici-
ty (which, incidentally was the hard
feeling caused by the inefficiency of
the bus travel at Christmas time)
but. at no time have I or will I con~
done. such childish activity.

As for my influence with Mys-

STATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 28. 1950

SA Presidential Candidates Outgoing Group Post's-Candidates,-
Myskania Elections Set For Today ‘

 

JAMES JIUSTO

The basic philosophy of my con-
cept of Student government is one
of complete cooperation and parti-
cipation by all. Under such a pro-
gram the president’s primary duties
are to act as a just moderator and
to keep things running smoothly and
efficiently. His will is only that of
the Student Association.

The following points do not repre-
sent a rigid political platform but
rather a list of recommendations
which I sincerely hope to see de-
veloped. These recommendations
shall be carried out only when
people with similar interests are
found to carry the ball, since it is
not my intention to press personal
legislation and attitudes upon S. A.

What I wish to see evolved in the
coming year are:

fit A unified and functional My-
skania—onc gaining the whole-
hearted respect of the Student body.

t2l A thorough investigation of
our compulsory assembly program.

Hit A more efficent working of
cretain organizations on campus.

«4) A more active interest and
improved attitude toward our stu-
dent government.

t5l Overall alertness on the part
of Student Council and Student As-
sociation for beneficial changes in
keeping wtih the expansion of State
College.

 

PAUL KIRSCH

The glow of the words integrity,
honesty, trust and cooperation is
bright. These goals, to live, must
have an adequate policy behind
them and must have you as their
central theme. Here is your policy:

I. In assembly.

A. The need of a quorum for bus-
iness makes assemblies necessary.

B. Closer cooperation between all
elected bodies and the assembly.

C. Your right to know all of the
facts and have a full discussion be-
fore you reach any final decision.

D. Balanced programs. including
vital speakers and entertainment.

E. A frequent “Good of the Or-
der" time.

II. In the Student Union.

A. Grooming Student Facilities
Board for their part.

B. Having the final judgment on
Student Union activities in your
hands.

III. In rivalry.

A. Making it more friendly and
spirited.

B. Upholding the traditions of
State.

IV. In Albany.

A. Operating and expanding the
merchant's discount plan.

B. Obtaining some traffic control
plan at Western Ave. and Robin
St

C. Publicity.

V. Above all, this association will
be your association. You are final
judge 011 all infra-State activities.

Sadie Slater Finds Enchantment,
Dances In Minerva/s Ballroom

By VIRGINIA ADAMS

It's 0 p. in. on that Moving-
Up Day eve. May 5. and Sadie Stat—
01‘ and her escort are entering the
Main entrance in Page Hall of the
All - College Semi - Formal. They
check their coats in the auditorium
and proceed gracefully downstairs
to Minerva's Ballroom tGymi where
they grct't the guests of honor, Dr.
and Mrs. Evan R. Collins. They stop
for a brief chat with the chupci'ones,
Dr. and Mrs. Edward Cooper, Dr.
Frances it. Colby, and Dr. and Mrs.
Charles Stokes.

The couple dance for it while to
the music of Don Burt’s seven-
piece orchcsii'ii. Sadie. takes a par-
ticular interest. in the purple and
gold decorations und the paper-
iiiiiclic statue of Minerva. She nnikcs
a mental note to come back at. 10:45
1). m. for the (frond March and the
selecting of (ioddcss Minerva.

They decide to visit the Rose
Lounge and go upstairs and cross
over through the girls' locker room.
After it while they leave the dreniiiy
atmosphere and stroll through the
moonlit peristyles us they follow the

kania anyone who kiioivs any meni-
her of “that august body" knows also
that it is not a group of people who
can be pushed around.

No one in a. responsible Student
Association position would stoop to
any such petty busnicss its the let-
ter of two Weeks ago intimated. The
very simple explanation it would
do no one any good.

May I suggest that we rather pay
more heed to last week's letter by
the same writer. There seems to be
it good deal more common sense in
that.

Tony l'rociiilo

arrows to the Terrace Garden
(Cominonsi.

As they draw near they hear the
music produced by Jess Burnett's
nimble fingers at the piano and
Joan Bostwick‘s torchy renditions.
’i‘he floral decorations are really

scrumptious. Tired of dancing, Sn- ~

die and Eddie sit down at one of
the cabaret tables where they are
served by a fraternity man from
the inter-sorority refreshinan booth.

’l‘inies passes quickly mid one
o'clock comes too soon and there‘s
only one more hour before curfew.
"Can you imagine." sighs Sadie, "all
that for only $1.75 it bid?"

a v I

’l‘ickcts are still on stile outside
the C(llllllltilisirillitl will be all next.
week. Coininntcr‘s Club is sponsor-
liig this all-college affair in the
manner of the old Stutcsnicn‘s for-
nulls.

Congress To Convene At State

State's Science Department will
act as host to the Second Annual
Science Congress on Saturday, May
iii. The Congress is sponsored by the
Eastern Zone of the New York State
Science 'l‘eacliers Association mid
llic Knickei'bockcr News. The pro-
gram will feature denioiistraiions by
high school and junior high science
students.

 

THREE SPEEDS AHEAD

BLUE NOTE SHOP

78 —- 45 — 331/3
156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 0:00

(ContinuedfromPage 1. Column 1)

Corresponding Secretary of Press
Bureau—Soph; Men's Athletic As-
sociation; Intramural Teams—Jr.,
Soph, frosh; Kappa Phi Kappa—Jr;
Student Facilities Board—Jr.; As-
sistant Director Frosh Camp—Jr.,
Soph; Teachers’ Placement Bureau
Committee—Jr., Soph, fresh; Inter-
Collegiate Conference— Jr., Soph,
frosh; Chairman of Conference—Jr.;
Eastern States Association Confer-
ence—Jr. Scholastic Average 1.8.

Mary Eade: Student Association
Vice-President—-Jr.; Student Asso-
ciation Secretary—Soph; State Col-
lege News Columnist—Jr; Press Bu-
reau—Soph, frosh tryout; Junior
Assistant at Frosh Camp—Jr.; Jun-
ior Guide—Soph; Jayvee Cheer-
leader—frosh; Newman Club—Jr.,
Soph, frosh; Treasurer of Pierce
Hall; Pi Omega Pi—Jr.; Inter-Col-
legiate Conference—~Jr.; Scholastic
Average 2.0.

Ilelmuth Schultze: Student Coun-
cil Member—Jr., Soph, fresh; Stu-
dent-Faculty Committee—~Jr.. frosh;
Appointments Committee—Soph; Ri-
valry Events—Soph, frosh; Rivalry
Banner Committee—Soph, frosh;
Chairman of House Committee——
Soph Big-4; State College News, col-
umnist—Jr.; Men's Athletic Associa-
tion — Soph, frosh; Intramural
Teams; Press Bureau—Jr., Soph,
frosh; Assistant Director—Jr.; Kapa
pa Phi Kappa—Ma; Scholastic Av-
erage 2.5.

SUGGESTED

Goldie Brenner: State College
News Associate Editor—Jr., Sopho-
more Desk Editor; Freshman Hand-
book Associate Editor—Jr.; Rivalry
Events—Soph, frosh; Director of
Moving-Up Day Skit—frosh; Ele-
inentary Dramatics; Member of Hil-
lcl; Delegate to Collegiate Press As-
sociation—Jim; Scholastic Average
2.0.

Paul Buchman: Forum—Jr., Soph;
Editor of Soapbox—Jr.; Chairman
of Student State Legislature—Jr;
State College News—Jr., Soph; Ri-
valry Athletics—Soph; Intramural
Teams—Jr., Soph; Hillel——Jr., Soph;
IZFA—Soph; Counselor at Frosh
Camp—Jim; *Transfer in September
of Sophomore Year; Scholastic Av-
erage 2.0.

Donald Ely: Class President—
Soph; Member of Student; Council——
Jr., Soph; Appointment Committee
—Jr.; Rivalry Committee—Soph;
Entertainment Committee for Class
Banquet—.112; Decorations Commit-
tee for Junior Prom—Jr.; Director
of Big-4—Soph; Freshman Hand-
book Associate Editor—Jr.; Intra-
mural Team—frosh; Advanced Dra-
matics—J12; Elementary Dramatics
~—Soph; Member of Orchestra—
Soph; SCA—Jr.. Soph, frosh; Stu-
dent Guide—Jr., Soph; Counselor at
Frosh Canny—Soph; Scholastic Av-
erage 1.5.

William Englehart: Class Presi-
dent—Jr.; Member of Student Coun-
cil: Rivalry Committee; Campus
Day Chairman—Jim; Rivalry Events
Sop h. t'i'osh; Intramurnls—Jr.,
Soph. i‘i'osh; Varsity Btlﬁtlbilll~Jl'.,
Soph, i‘i'osh; Jayvec Basketball—~
Soph, frosh; Assistant Coach Bas-
ketbiill~ .lr.; SCA—Sopli, frosh;
Kappa Phi Kuppa——Jr.; Scholastic
Average 1.7.

I’liyliis Harris: Women‘s Athletic

Association ’l‘reasurerw Jr.; WAA
Class Manager—~Soph; Intramural
teams and full credit—Jr., Soph,

i'rosli: Rivalry Events ~~Soph. fi'osh;
(teiieral Chairman of Blg-4—Soph;
Member of Class Cabinet—Soph;
SCA—nllﬂ, Soph, fresh; Advanced
Dramatics. Stagecrai’t—~—Jr.; Elemen-
tary Di'annitics — Soph; Campus
Chest Solicitor Jin; New York State
Ii‘t‘dei'iition of Collegiate Women's
Athletic Associations dclegute»—-Jr.;
Counselor at. Frosh Cttlli|)~—-Jl'.,
Soph; Student Guide~Jr., Soph;
Student Facilities Board—Jr; Scho—
lastic Average 1.3.

I'iitricla .Ial: Co-Cliairinnn of Stu-

 

i-Ade " a

 

dent Guides—Jr.; Rivalry Events—
Athletics, Skits; Soph, trash; state
College News—Jr., Soph trash; WAA
——Jr., Soph, ,frosh; Constitution
Committee—Jr.; Class Representa-
tive—Jr., Soph, frosh; Stagecraft—
Jr., Soph; Counselor at Frosh Camp
—Jr.; Scholastic Average 2.2.

James Music: Member of Student
Council—Jr.; Chairman of the Con-
stitution Committee, Chairman of
Refreshments for the All-College
Reception; Chairman of Activities
Day—Jr.; Class Vice-President——
Soph; Chairman of Freshman Re-
ception of Activities Day—Soph; Ri-
valry Events; MAA Intramural
Teams—Jr., Soph, frosh; Varsity
Bowling—Jr.; Varsity Basketball—
Soph; Varsity Tennis—Soph, frosh;
Primer Staff—J11; SMILES; New-
man Club—Jr., Soph, frosh; Kappa
Phi Kappa—Jr.; Student Guide—Jr.,
Soph; Scholastic Average 2.5.

Georgina Maginess: Chairman of
State Fair—Jr.; Class Cabinet; Co-
Chairman of Sets for Big-4; Co-
Chairman of Campus Day Skitr—
Soph; Assistant Director of Big-4—
frosh; l)&A Council—Soph, Jr.;
D&A Treasurer—Soph; Treasurer of
Elementary Dramatics — Soph;
Frosh Handbook Associate Editor—
Jr.; WAA Sports credit—fresh;
Counselor at Frosh Camp—J13; Stu-
dent Guide—Jr., Soph; Scholastic
Average 1.9.

Harvey Milk: MAA Manager In-
tramural Football—J12; MAA Intra-
mural Teams—Jr.. Soph, frosh; Con-
stitution Committee—Jr.; State Col-
lege News—Jr., Soph, frosh; Rival-
ry Athletics—Soph, frosh; Member
of Publicity Committee for Junior
Prom-—Jr.; Dance Committee—trash;
Member of Hillel; Counselor at
Frosh Camp—Jr., Soph; Assistant
Director for Frosh Camp—Jr.; Fi-
nancial Secretary for Frosh Camp—
Sopli; student Guide—Jr., Soph;
Scholastic Average 1.5.

Lois Prescott: Class Secretary—-
JI'.; Chairman of Publicity for Soph-
omore Big-4; Co-Chairman of Class
Banquet—Jr.; Rivalry Events, Skits,
Sings, Athletics—Soph, frosh; Stu-
dent Association Mascot Committee
—Soph; Pedagogue Literary Staff—
Jr., Soph, frosh; WAA Publicity Di-
rector—Jr., Captain of Riding—Jr.,
Soph, Intramural Teams—Jr. Soph,
frosh; Newman Club—Jr., Soph,
fresh; Intercollegiate Communica-
tions Chairman of Intergroup Coun-
cil—frosh Counselor for Frosh Camp
—Jr., Soph; Student Guide—Jr.,
Soph; Scholastic Average 1.6.

Joseph Purity: Vice-President of
Class—J12; Chairman of Junior
Prom—J12; Rivalry Events—Skits—
Soph. frosh; D&A Council—Jr.,
Soph; Chairman of College Publici-

ty—Jr.; Member of Committee for
Drama Festival-—Jr.; MAA Intra-
mural Teams; Newman Club—Jr.,

Soph, frosh; Advanced Dramatics——
Jiz; Elementary Dramatics—Soph;
Financial Chairman of State Fair—-
Jr.; Go Chairman of Student Guides
—Jr.; Student Guide—Soph; Conu-
selor at Frosh Camp—Jr., Soph;
Chairman of Entertainment—Jr.;
Scholastic Average 13

(‘iiarloite Skolnick: Co-Chnirman
of Christmas Ball—J12; Representa-
tive to lntersorority Council~Jr.;
Rivalry Events Sopli. frosh; Co-
Chairinan Campus Day Skit-frosh;
Director of Chroeography for Big-4
»-~Soph, frosh; Campus Commission
~~Jr., Soph, fresh; Member of Hil-
lei; Campus Chest Canvasser—Jr.,
Soph; Scholastic Average 1.7.
(Umillilllc’d on Page I,, Column.”

OTTO ll. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

 

 

.

 

SAVE 10% ——- ON FOOD COSTS — SAVE 10%

BUULEVARD

riiouii 5-1913
“MEET AND EA’I‘ AT THE BOUL"

193-200 CENTRAL avenue
MEAL TICKETS

CAFETERIA

scum, n. 1.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

‘r

‘ «as

 

 

 

