 

 

 

 

             

  
 

 

    
 
  
   
   

% "w;
i

 9A0! I

1-1.1. or. .

Since this is the time of year when the climax
is reached in the joint activities of Inter-Fraternity-
Inter-Sorority Council, we might do well to re-
view some of the activities of these two organiza-
tions.

Perhaps the biggest change which has been made

: our: centre: was; FRIDAY..DICEMIIR 0.1330 n“ ,

 

 
  

 

    
      

 

Teachers. Dwelling Ohio University,
Sports Pink Coating Otters Grants
me our mint WW" "‘““ To Non-Residents

ters. and a gray slate roof

sound lute something from “The

wm‘m 0‘ 02- It “We” ” The Graduate School 'of the Ohio
State University offers Out-of-State
Tuition Scholarships each year.

gammamggam Norwegian Views Camera catches 'Revue’ Scene
By GORSKIE and KYLE Education System . .. . ,. _ ~ - 

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as *y 1 «

author of this column, although his viewpoints do S 'I
At: tote, M I ne

not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
Olaf Sundet, Principal of a sec-

News.
ondary school in Norway, visited

SPIRIT OF ’53 . . .
The rivalry sing was one of the closest and best in State College and Milne School

 

.1

————

 

    
    
    

  
  

be the Dutch Colonial style
house at 24 Belvcdere Avenue

     
       

 

"c" vmmemeWmt-rz .—- -  I w».-

3 rt.

by the two groups, acting individually, is the
practice of conducting bid sessions only after a
person has been on the college campus for more
than one semester. The theory behind this was
that new students, especially freshmen, would have
more time in which to consider this step—one
which is felt by many to be one of the most im-
portant of their college career. This step is im-
portant in more than one way, since after view-
ing the actions of the organized sorority or fra-
ternity, some people decide that they do not wish
to participate in any organization.

This last point is one which we feel is often over-
looked in evaluating the current bidding proced-
ure. Many were rushed into an organization so
quickly under the former system, that they did not
have time to “shop around” and see which group
they preferred, or with which group they would
fit in best. While resignations had not occurred
among other than the braver souls, there were
many who had become dissatisfied with the group,
and thus remained static within the organization.

Comment could also be profitably made on the
tentative plan which the sororities have for plan-
ning for the same weekend in the spring for the
Alumni weekends, and in many cases, also for the
annual sorority formal. This is something new, born
of necessity, but might forge one more link in the
chain of cooperation.

All in all, it looks as if the Greeks have made
progress forward over the last few years, and we
hope they can continue to do more during the
coming years.

For Smiles . a .

Ever since SMILES started on campus, it has
undertaken many projects for the “kids” at the
Albany Home for Children. Wide recognition is
not the aim of this organization. Only those at the
Home can appreciate the time and thoughtfulness
given by these State students.

This year, as in the past, SMILES has scheduled
a Christmas party to be held at the Home, Sunday,
December 17. In order to collect presents for the
children, SMILES has placed barrels in lower
Draper near the Washington Avenue exit, to hold
gifts from the various classes. The class container
is designated by class numerals and class colors.
Different age groups have been assigned to the
classes, with one gift from each student requested.

We think that by giving just a small present
to one of those “kids” you will be bringing a little
sunshine into their lives. To see the way their
faces light up when they open the decorated pack-
ages, is worth the little trouble it took to purchase
the gift and wrap it.

Since the collections have been started early,
there should not be any reason why all students
can't buy their gift before the party. Just a little
of your time will help make theirs, a Merry Christ-
mas.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASH OF IBIS

RATIN G—ALL- AMERICAN

 

VOL. XXXV December 8. 1950 No. 11
Monibcr Illntrlbnlor
Ariaocialod i‘ollcgiitto I’I‘I'HS ('olli-gialc [)lgcat

Tho iindcrgradnato lll‘WNpllpi'r of the Now York State (‘ol
logo for 'l‘i-acbcrs: pnhllahcd cvcry Friday of tho (.‘olivgc
your by the NEWS lioard for 111v Student Aromchiiloil.
l'honi-u: 11‘1-112111. 11-11013; Woll‘c. till-115512: Milk. {10311, .\lc1n-
born of' llli' NEWS alaf'f' may Iic 1‘1-111-111-11 'l‘iu-stlay 11nd
chncndiiy from '1 to 11:11” [1. 111. at 3-0107.

MARTI li'ENZEI. - - - — - - - Etlltor-ln-Chloi
COLD”; SWAII’I‘Z - - — - - (‘o-Mnnm‘ln“r Editor
GERALD DUNN - - - - - - - ('o-Muniiulnx Editor

EVELYN WOLFE - - l'iibllc llolntionu Editor
IIAIH‘EV \lll.l( - - ~ - - - - - < - Hporiu Editor
I'AUL ltl.(‘ll \IAN - - - - - Henlor Hporiu Member
IIMVICRIA' Kl'llLKlN - - - - - (‘Irculution blurmgor
JINE (‘OOK - - - - - - - - - Advrrtlnlng Munugor
JONEI'II I'I‘IHH' - > - - ' - - - liiialnimu Murmur-1
I'EI'EIJA ItA'I‘TlH’I'I - - - - - - - Ext-Imago Editor
NORINI‘Z (‘AIHIILL - - — - - s ’ Autioclati- Editor
VICTORIA MADE — - — — - - - Aummiuft- Edllor
(IIIIU'I’Z HMI'I'II - e - - - - — - Aaumduto Itd|tnr

 

 

 

 n .1...- .
ISSUE EDITOR - - - - - - - VICTORIA EADE
,___w

All coininunicultons 1111111111: lu~ adili‘i-nst-d Io 1111- mfiIor and
11111111 1w slum-11 Xanirs will ln- withhold upon rmitn-nl
'I'In' S'l‘A’i'I-i i'tII.1.IIi.I". NEWS Ilhlllilli'n no roupotisllifiily
for opinions c.\|1r1-1~.~1~11 111 11:1 columns or l'itllllllillllii‘illlttlip
.‘ln such mprcnalona no 11111 inmmai‘il)‘ I‘t'fli'l‘l 111i Vli'W

was»:

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

“Sulosky passed physics the hard

.4 4mm

It isn’t unlike a. college student
to wonder at times whether “higher”
education is worth the price being
asked for it. It is in such a mo-
ment that this article is to be read.

The cry has often been raised,
among teachers and students alike,
that. prsent day education vacillates
between two extremesz—the vague-
ness of over—generalization and the
impracticality of over specialization.
We have little to fear from too
much specializing. Our education
suffers for the want of including
more factual material. It is throt-
tled——choked~by an avalanche of
generalized study and a few other
things.

It has been claimed, and rightly
so, that college education, at best,
offers but a skeletal treatment of
some vast. but select. field of in-
formation. It is a miracle, then. that
a college student so encumbered with
required and “introductory” courses.
and so stuffed with many meaning-
less generalization, is ever able to
teach at all, even after five years
of “specialized” training.

It seems a shame to waste time on
some unwanted requirement—as a
foreign language. for example, when
those hours might be better spent
learning more how to teach the
subjects of our own choosing; lear-
ning how to speak before a class
and learning how to say whatever
we have to say in an intelligent
fashion. It seems that much of the
material that ls either impractical
or bothersome for the individual
student might be wceded out from
his college program.

If the value of “higher” education

 

[at Week
.7» 144W

’I‘hc Rivalry Sing which was won
by the class of ’54 highlighted last
week‘s assembly. Each class sang a
fight song. Allllll Mntcr. 11nd a song
to the rival class. ’1‘hrcc freshmen
apologizcd for violating rhalry
traditions and thc student body fill-
cd out activity shcots for Dr. Eliza-
bcth Morris. (.‘ollcgc Psychologist.

The financial motion prcscntcd
by Thomas (iodward ’51. PrcleIan
of Debate Council, l.Wo weeks ago
Was tabled again to allow enough
Iimc for flu- rivalry ship, to take
place. Debutc (.‘ouncll has askcd for
11 $450 increase 111 funds to carry out
its pl'tl'll'liln. Discussion on this mo-
tion will be resumed in today's as-
scmbly.

 

By GEORGE YOUNKIIEERE

  

way; he married the professor’s

grdmaﬁon

 

is to be measured someday by its re-
sults (i.e.. how well we teach), it
might be foretold right now by find—
ing out how well we’re being taught.
At a teachers' college, certainly. it
does no harm to an instructor's
pride or reputation to attempt, once
a semester. to justify his particular
presentation of the subject matter to
his class. Almost without exception
fortunately, our teachers do just
that. The point to be made. how-
ever, is that a few of them believe
in imparting information that has
been refined and sifted by an almost
unending process of their own gen-
eralizations without first laying the
necessary groundwork with factual
material. upon which all broad and
generalized concepts must rest if
they are to have any significant
value. Some sage must have said,
“ch houses are built by first build-
ing the roof and then filling in what
should be underneath."

It is recognized that “general con-
cepts" and “broad overvieWs" have
their places in our education. but
the question is how much time is to
be spent learning them. They are
just as difficult to understand some-
times. as it is to retain specific in—
formation. "Gencral concepts"
doubtlesst have great value for us
if we understand them. but a base
in facts to draw these generaliza-
tlons is absolutely fndlspenslble.

Perhaps it no longer is the fash-
ion to learn the importance and
chronology of the major battles in
the American Civil War. except as
they have their “soclo-economfc r11-
tificntlons," but nevertheless some-
thing is wrong if a practice history
teacher has never heard of Shiloh
or Chlckamauga.

What credit. for example. is due
the student history teacher who tells
his class that 111 the 10th century
there was 11 great westward move-
ment across the Great Plains and
he doesn't know where the plains

arc?

I-low Intelligent docs it sound for
a social studies major to cull flic
labor
law,” when he knows nothing of' its
provisions? A social studlcs stndcnt
about.
111050 situations. but the same sort.
of’ thing probably happens 111 the

Whit-Hartley 111w a "slave

might feel pretty shecplsh

other fields.
The poliit

cloudy generallmtions.

than
cdiicatlon

to teach. rather
“ch1 -roundcd”

restated: ~Studcnts
would be better off If they learned
more facts and spent less time on
'l‘licy’d ho
hcttcr off spending more lime 111
their major flcld and learning how
getting the
ln'ipoiicd
by the various college requirements.

a long time . . . but what astonishes us and keeps
astonishing us is the wonderful spirit which ’53 has
displayed this year . . . to take one’s losses in one's
stride is a. rare thing . . . it shows what rivalry was

meant to be.
ARE YOU UNAFFILIATED?

A spontaneous group has sprung up on campus
which goes under the rather cryptic name of- the
Non-Aﬁiliates . . . a radical reactionary coterie. they
have banded together in protest against orginazations
. . . their motto is: “We're so usual, we’re unusual;
we get lost in a crowd." . . . with candlelight ceremo-
nies. etc., they should attract quite a large following.

EAST SIDE, WEST SIDE . . .
The Juniors will take you all around the town next

weekend with their revue. “Here’s New York." . . . it
should be a good thing to see even if we didn't know
it was going to be good . . . for the benefits are going

to make tip the Campus Chest quota . . . we hope.

TALK ABOUT INGENUITY . . .

Got your little address book yet for all those phone
number; you pick up in the course of a day . . . if you
haven‘t. your sales resistance must be pretty high . . .
and the programs being sold at the basketball games
are another good idea to make us “game” conscious

. if we don't have better attendance after this all—
out effort on the part 01' the team. We never will . . .
it ceems to be working. 100 . . . witness the good turn-
out at the game this week with Utlca and the cour-
ageous eleven who journeyed one hundred and seventy
miles to see half of the Willimantic game.

CONTRARY T0 . . .

The “Winterlude” posters. the place where the Xmas
Ball is being held is the Ten Eyck Hotel. not the Ten
Eyke . . . believe us. we slzould know.

‘QRRECTION . . .

The money for Debate Council (if voted) will not
cause a deficit in the SA budget this year . . . thc
moncy comes out of the surplus fund which is not
part of the annual budget.

ON THE NEW DORM . . .

President Collins has announced that one wing of
the new State College dormitory will be completed
by February . . . Men students entering State next
semester and others already living in private homes
will move into the building at that time . . . Snylcs
Hall come September will house only men and women
wil move into the new dorm.

WE‘D LIKE TO KNOW . . .

How many student heads of organizations turned
in copies of their contracts to Student Board of
Finance for reviewing before signing them? . . . It.
might save some trouble in he future 11' this policy
were carried out so rough srots like those occurring
with last year‘s "Pcd" won‘t happen again.

PRESS BUREAU . . .

Has done a nice job in publicizing the Who‘s Who
members this year . . . it's intcresting to note that
they ask each new member how they rate Who's Who
on the list of honorarics on their campus.

THE RICHARDSON HORROR . . .

Should be alleviated somewhat next chk . . . Milne
students are being released from thcir classes at 11:11)
to avoid some of the lunch-1101 r crush that exists- Ilo\\'.

LOOKING AT THE WORLI) . . .

’lhrongh the staincd~g1nss \‘incfows in sccond floor
Draper reminds State of" thc Xinus spirit, somrwhal
. .. for those people who never havo a class 11p there it
might be ii'orthwhilc to drop up now and thcn . . .
the art cxhibits always liai'c :onicfhing to offer.
S('llOLARS1111P (‘IIE(‘KS ARC 1N . . .

And \vc bet a lot more bid; to the formal will be
sold . . . and 11 loi. more books. too [but naturallyl.

College Calendar - - -

 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 0
ii p. 111. lVCl“A1'c11 11 l'i'Llllg 111 Union (.‘ollcilc.
11) p.111.-'.2 11.111. 1111111" — 1"1'11111'1111y. 1111.1-1' — Sorority
Christmas 15.111 111. the '1‘1-11 lilyck
liaihooin.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 10

211.111. 1Z11‘A Chutnku Party at
Lillian Kannnsky ’02.

TUESDAY, DECEMITE R If!

Ilonlc of

3:30 p.111. lied (‘ross acctinu. Ifooln :10. Rich—
urrlson.
11 p.111. Nciinmn 11:11 Chrislmas l)inncr.
11:30 pm. A 1‘. Plays 1.1 l’agc Auditorium.
WI‘IDNESDAV. DECEMBER 1:1
11 p111. SCA ./\1I\‘1‘Ili Discussion 111 homo of
111‘ (.‘olby.

'I‘Ill‘ltHDAY. I)IC('I1.‘1\'IIII'III lei

I2 No.1“ IV(.‘I" Mi'l‘lil 14. Itntiill 23.
titlill p.111. 1‘111'11111 Mccl 11g, Lounge.
7:31) p. 111. Ncwnmn 11-1 lurc. Ncwnmn 111111

Sit/i (‘111'1s111.1s Cliapcl and
111 1.111111'1-.

1i p.111.
Commons.

 

I’ai‘ly.

l‘an Anncos Christmas Party 111 the

Tuesday. Sundet, who is a member
of the State Education Department
in Oslo, was invited by the National
Education Association in Washing-
ton to come to this country and
study the education system of the
United States. Since the middle of
September he has been traveling
through the country observing par-
ticularly teacher education plans
and school programs for citizenship
education.

Sundet stated that the United
States surpasses Norway in its pro-
gram for educating its people for
citizenship. He was interested in
our system whereby the responsi-
bilities and privileges of being a
citizen are impressed upon children,
even in the lower grades.

Norway, according to Sundet, is
still greatly influenced by the Ger-
man and Italian methods of educa-
tion. He visited the Guidance Coun—
seling class 01 David Hartley. Pro—
fessor of Education, and was im-
pressed with ihe discussion groups
and student sell-discipline present.
He said that he felt such class par—
ticipation fostered the democratic
attitude. In Norway. he explained,
the classrooms are teacher domina-
ted and. consequently. the students
seem not to enjoy themselves as
much in school as do the American
pupils.

Sundet was also impressed by the
well organized and developed stu-
dent governments which are a part
of our schools.

He was interested in observing the
Milne School. for in Norway they
have no such schools. Students must
do their practice teaching in high
schools in the capitol.

COMM

To the Editor:—

Aftcr reading in last week‘s is-
sue of the State College News the
comment made in “The Common
Stator" column concerning religi-
ous speakers 111 assemblies, 1 was ex-
tremely sorry to find that certain
lit-op» 11.11: ..L SL111: nl‘C Loo anxious
to fly into a fervor over their rights
as a minority group to miss a mes-
sage of great truth and importance
to every young man and woman in
America.

I feel extremely sorry for those
people who failed to receive this
great message. Althouin I do not
1111...111.1.1y .1..1'r-c \i'..11 tnc spcnkcr‘s
religious views, I am very glad I
had the opportunity to hear what he
had to say. I would have been glad
to hear what. he had to say were he
Catholic. Mormon. Jewish, or of any
other denomination.

11' the professional martyrs who
sit on the edge of their chairs wail-
ing for an opportunity to rise to
iiiclr usual indignation at. unylhing
thcy consider a slight to their pur-
iiv-ular u1onp. Would takc thnc to
listen before they start screaming
about universal appeal and minority
rights, everyone would be much hap-
pier and would learn more about
living.

As to the remark that the speaker
"disgrcsscd 1.0 conversion," I can-
not rcmcinbcr any rcnnirks madc
which 11111311 this Illl“1't‘SSlilll. 13111. thcn.
111aybc. since I'm not of the speak-
c1":-. 1'1-11-111111. 1 shouldn't have 1111111-
1-11 unyihhm from his words".

Robert Crombach. ’54

 

 

 

10% Discount to Students I

Up to Doc. 31. 1050

Moe Kahn

“Styles of Today”
2325 (‘EN'I‘RAL AVENUE

Ii. F. ilwiniikai 81 San
Pharmacists

Founded 1011f) l'iionc 4-2030
157 (‘entral Ave.

 

 

 

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Pictured above are Mary Borys and Dave Shepard, cast members
of the Junior Revue, to be given Friday, December 15 at 8:30 p. m. in
Page Hall. The musical production is under the direction of Patricia
Dargusch, assisted by Joan Haggerty, Production Manager. All pro-
ceeds will be given to the Campus Chest.

French 'Loaves' Of Bread, Sandwiches
Amaze Lievestro, Former State Student

By JORDINE SKOFF

“A ride in a crowded Paris Metro
101‘ subway) is the quickest way to
discover what the Frenchman pre-
fers in his diet. The smell of garlic
and wine makes an interesting com-
bination." After writing this in one
of his recent letters. christiaan Lic-
vcstro ‘50 hastened to add “But af—
ter spending ten days in Paris re-
cently. we probably gave ample evi-
dence of that diet ourselves."

Chris is studying in the Nether-
lnnas under the Fulbright Act
which provides for graduate work
abroad. A minor part of his activi-
ties includes touring and sightsee-
ing, and his recent Paris jaunt falls
into this category.

Upon arriving in Paris. Chris was
met by George and Margaret Osborn.
both of the Class of 1950. who are
now studying at the Sorbonne. They
made plans for a trip through Italy
together, Chris writes. “If possiblc
we'll also take a boat from Italy
over to Athens" (inspired by Dr.
Wallace. of course!)

However, making plans for the
future did not interrupt their
sightseeing filled days. Versailles
and the famous “Hall of Mirrors.”
tho louvre. Mona Lisa, and
the Conciergerie with the tomb of‘
Mario Antoinette. each found a
place on their crowded schedule.

 

10% DISCOUNT TO
STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

LIIE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

iiTTlB R. MERDE
THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

|

Chris was especially amazed by
the bread. He writes that the white
wine is especially good and the cof-
fee very bitter “But the bread is
something to behold. A ‘loaf' lookes
more like the slender branch of a
tree and is about a yard long. When
bought in a store, it isn't wrapped.
You simply tuck three or four of
those poles under your arm and
hope not to run into anyone (es-
pecially if he's carrying the same
woodpilei.”

It would seem that the shape of
the bread would make it impossible
to make anything but very small
sandwiches out of them. However.
the French have a solution. “A sand-
wich is made by breaking a loaf
into three pieces, then splitting the
length down the middle. Put some
ham or a prepared meat inside and
you have a sandwich."

Chris‘s only regret is that he does—
n‘t have the time to write to all
of his friends. He hopes that they
can keep track of him this way.

 

TEACHERS WANTED
For
MICH., CALIF., OTHERS
RURAL
KINDERGARTEN
ELEMENTARY

SPECIAL EDUCATION
ELEMENTARY I'RINCIPALS
and SUPERVISORS
IIOME ECONOMICS
MUSIC
Many openings in Single Sal-
ary Schedules Ranging from
$2700—$4400. With Large credits

for experience.
I‘lmcrgcncy 81 Mid Year

Permits granted elementary
teachers without. but near de-
grees in Education. Give photo.
phone, qualifications.

Cline Teachers Agency

East Lansing, Michigan

 

 

 

SAVE 10% —

BRENNER

198-1300 CENTRAL AVENUE

0N FOOD COSTS ——

MEA I. TICKETS ——

SAVE 10%

CAFETERIA

rnons 5-1913
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

ALBANY. N. 1.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

ARTHUR
All Types

771 ST A'I‘Iil ."I‘R 1‘) ET

 

R. KAPNER

Of Insurance

PHONE 5-1117]

 

which for the past eight years
has housed Dean Ellen C.
Stokes, Dr. Margaret Hayes, and
Dr. Minnie Scotland.

“The teachers." as they are
known to their neighbors, had
the rosy colors applied because
of their Interest in art and love
for color. The skeptical painter
was so astonished at the result
that he took a color photo of the
house.

or. riayes stated that she has
even received mail addressed
Simply to “The Pink House, Al-
bany." It is no wonder that the
house is becoming so famous.
for such a color scheme set in
green shrubs presents quite an
unusual picture. Come the snows
it should resemble strawberry
Shortcake!

lGC Plans Broadcasts
For Brotherhood Week

According to an announcement
lllilﬂc oy URI‘OI Leoow at. Cnair-
man of Inter-Group Council, the
Counctl 1s working with Reno
Knouse, Professor of Commerce. to
prepare students for participation
in radio programs during Brother-
hood Week, February 17 to 24.
Knouse is part-time Chairman of
the National Conference of Chris-
tians and Jews.

IGC will set up discussion groups
at which students will be given in-
formation which will enable them to
speak over the radio and in the
community on subjects of inter—
group relations.

Miss Lebow has made known that
speakers are needed. and requests
all organizations either to send a
representative to the groups 01' to
start one of their own. The time
and place for meetings will be an-
nounced later.

 

These scholarships, according to a
bulletin released by the University
are available to graauates who no
not reside in Ohio.

The scholarships provide for one
remission of the non-resident tu-
ition fee which is equivalent to $225
per year. '1 he regular incidental tees
must be paid just as though the
student were a resident of 01110.

Only students of outstanding abil-
ity are qualified for the scholarships.
Those receiving them must carry a
full schedule of graduate work and
are not permitted to hold positions.

Applications should be sent to the
Dean of the graduate School, Ohio
State University, Uoiumoia .10, Ohio.
A transcript or record of under-
graduate work (if any), letters of
recommendation from faculty mem-
bers. and any other available evi-
dences of ability or achievement
should accompany the application. A
deadline. February 1;), 1900, has been
set for applications.

The University also offers scho-
larships in Biology and several gra-
duate assistantships. Interested stu-
dents may consult the Placement
Bureau board in lower Draper for
further details.

Forum Will Discuss Red China
At Weekly Meeting in Lounge

Speaker of Forum, Walter Ro-
binson ’51 has announced that For-
um will agaln hold one of its weekly
panel discussions Thursday. The to-
pic for this week's panel will be:
“What about Red China?” The dis-
cussion will take place in the Lounge
at 3:30 p. m.

Forum is also making plans for
a Mock Assembly to be held in the
Spring. According to Robinson, Mar-
ion Gorskie ’52 has been appointed
Chairman of the event.

 

We would rather see than

YOU ARE OUR

 

THERE IS NOTHING

a rush on CO-OP Christmas

Merchandise that would clean us out. There is no prettier

’aper; There is no fancier or iovelier Ribbon than ours.
____0_____
STICKERS & ORNAMENTS GALORE
___0_____
CHRISTMAS LIGHTS & ORNAMENTS
__()__.._
WIDE SELEC'J‘ION OI“ CHRISTMAS CARDS
_____0___..
HUNDREDS ()li‘ GIFT ITEMS FOR
FRIENDS, RELATIVES.
_._._()_____
Soon—'1‘awrn Ornamental Candles, Angels Etc.

_____0_.. __

BEST CUSTOMER

I’LEASINC YOU IS OUR CONSTANT AIM

 

 

 

