 

 

 

STAT! COLLII NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 24, 1950

PAC. 0

0M Mas/4 am

The AD lab season ended with a was in turns delicate, humorous, and
whimper, not a bang, Monday eve- filled with pathos.

' .
Curriculum Data
ﬁrst play. a long- The play gave new s
o s switdllSEmnugliedl-iwssed drama. 131' evening, and more than redeemed it.

- f the production was
According to Dr. Milton 0. Olson. der the direction of Fay Richardq Every phase 0 -
Direcmr 0f Training for commercf’ plodded laboriously across the stage. wen_handle¢ Thetgetgoxgﬁeinwze
Circulars are bang 58mg“? tux-$1531: It is not, I think, unfair of State cfllllengrtgstg}ggtlc e
i215 cigigugldiigge'ghgrggiaih foi- the CollegedaUdlegfgz. $338385? 1:203: Ml welcome With .9“ hearty mar DOt
g N t1 eman , I
preparation of high school titlightirs €13“ yamount of polish in the AD Simons and Mglnpoﬁssgghtigacga
of academic and busineSs su .. plays. There is no reason why they stage. They wexe a gmhemians. they
The circular states “Teachers of should be expected to actively par; ed wits and gay dionce With, their
business subjects. including  ticipate in dramatics when hpa;1 get; charmegdthﬁlh $1125: of movement
' education, for New or class use” hasnw enoug ’_ 'ease a '
$333015 are in demand' At State :2: to correct errors which wouldnt theh- assurance ahd‘dehghﬁawigl; the
College, students receive a broad be excusable in a, high school pro- characters they wele p01 y 1
general education plus enough ductlon. The errors of which I spea In the second episode Ed away]:
specialization in business to e’nable were an evident in the ﬁrst play‘ was properly somber as Tuing bare?“
them to do superior teaching. These errors included: ineﬂectualf. it was Hem-y.  sihwns and
Qualifications for admissmn are distracting hand movements, lack 0t Hughes “,ho Vle‘ for a jab more
as follows: 1. High school gradua- facial reaction, and most impmtan Poms for honoﬁSth Mr smith and
tion with an acceptablf scholﬁgi: of all, a confused groping for t"lines. ganHzeghléoggve gheir “has a poem
record' The sumac“ ta en n Wally Goodell. as the prophe . was r. d credunty
' ' ‘ tu- ' but quality. an intenseness an
school may vary a gieat deal 1‘ s Stirring and believable at times_ . . h] laUdable The
lwed 8' conege en- intense or which was hig y . .
Sf:rfc;vh:c:$:rg§i (gr busmess course Withom excepiigsnchlzuivere reached mood they created held the audience

. climatic mome .
may be cfonsiicielrelign gig; g 3:311:53ng were crushed by his slowness to pick spellbound.
Neither a ore u

ite several flaws. may I con-
‘ i i. d up cues. 'Dteiislgte the AD class on a proﬁt-
SChOOI mathematics ls lemme ' George Kline was well cast as the gla

l ndid season.
2. Good ipegsonaélg’aggeflffgiépeemi poet- he was one of the few pg‘sglni: able! and Sp 8
es re. 6 C‘ 'c ' ’ ' assuranc .

anAim: high school graduate inter- on tsrtasggenlznclllidarlllgt quite Sum the

ted in teaching business subjects degience a fact that might be due
:iid who has an acceptable record. :1“ the iack of suspenseful mood
and can otherwise qualify 533112113; throughout the play.
according to tihe\ CtldCcL-ldtalhigchollege The scene in which Miss Wll‘iglgald
State as'the 1) ac- a kisses the head of Yokahon e
preparation murmurs of amusement rathei than

’ ’ ' Miss

the wretching nausea} m suie .
Statesmen To Attend Richards desn~ed. It is my opinion
Sorority Open House suspense and horror created thus far

Olson Releases

 

that once again the entire lack of
     
H55; i333“ gill. s2;
gloi‘ilddrSiB’tliiletqughl'gi‘egﬁfegiBmGen-  presence, among the blank

eral Chairman of the evening is personalities of Tom Holman and

i ' i ' ' fe. was a refreshing sight.
vu‘gmla oconneu 53' Nziefience did her characterization

" l i ' hair- ‘ t d absence of
Other indiViduals named as C ‘ Sup; even the unexpec e ‘
m‘im headsvmenjiz gﬁgﬁgongng_ musical accompadriamrfgittsmflc‘itiie1:1:
t'zzli‘riigiiiriztiits. tlei/rlciirceline Stieve. Soph- mammal)“: “at; year‘s AD class:
lmdres‘ and Refreshments. Fannie Advice 9 d Owen Smith and Jim
gonzo and Jeanette Nquer. Juniors. Eagle?  competently and el__
All StatesglenPairernrxigff'H53: fectively handled the two soldier
address of e S c c x._
is 113 South Lake Avenue.

Comp To Tal<e Orders

For Graduation Needs perfection.

. . - . . . my had no
. .. 01- robes. caps. imitations, In summary, the .p' ‘

iglgglcilfets for graduation will be tempo and no mOOd" 136221166512:
a l t the Co-op starting TlleS- audience :11: was 943001 P1 -' _‘ . n_‘
Ctlakenaélcordm” to Harold Vaughn It was not. I know. a true iepiese
‘fillyipresideritoof the Senior Class. tatlon of AD abilitY-  1 ﬁlm
All, Seniors and Graduates shoulfl The second play, a sauna; Odm
get, their orders in as soon as DOS- tasy directed by Bev Hubei o .

sible.
An important Senior Class meet-

ing will be held Monday noon in 

Room 150 to consider and make

plans for graduat on.
HAGUE
STUDIO

Auditor Calaro Releases Report
“Portraiture At Its Finest."

The sets. vivid and cleverly simple.
and the exotic costumes which were
complimented by the smoothly ek-
ecuted lighting, resulted in technical

On Financial Status Cl Classes

James Cafaro '50. Auditor of the
Class Board of finance. has rclcas-
iloaiu's Auditor's Report.

c:l lilrf . I
The report is as follows.
Class Of 1950 ..................  $52l.36 ‘ ‘
’ ’ 9.94
Class of 19.31 .  ......  all
Class of  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 480.30  
" ' 1
Class of 190.5 . 5.35.6 ‘ ‘H ‘ .
Class Board of Finance. 11.37 ltAbl '10 TAKE

$2,083.58

~-4.00

—> i—w' ~ ~

Total   ,. ....... $2,079.58

YOUR PORTRAIT

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Evenings by appointment

 n.  Elli MADISON AVENUE
THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 Central Ave TELEPHONE 4-0017
SAVE 10% — ()N EGO!) COSTS — SAVE 10%
BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1913
“MEET ANl) EAT AT THE BOUL"

.' ‘ ‘ " . AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y. “WIHMH[ll-WM MW M

m a00iiiiiiiiliim'i‘ickic'rs _ 35.50 you $5.00 7- x -

3% ~ HESIERFIE

lie/re xii/[rm In”... 7mm, "

SOphs Rushing News To Press

 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

 

Pictured above are this week's issue editors. the Sophomore Desk
Editors' left to right: Ken Orncr. Marilyn Ram), Noi'inc Czii'gill. Grace
' ' x I i _
Smith Gini Adams. and Vickie Eadc. ’l‘licy arc shown in tin. 1.0. (on

ferring on the ﬁrst stages of the paper.

 

JANE WYATT
Famous Barnard Alumna says:
"Clicswriicids always give me a lift.

'l‘hcy’rc wonderfully mild and they lasts
so good. 'l‘hcy'rc my favorite Cigarette.

‘i|.\l(|(lN(i lN

"HOUSE BY THE RIVER”

.\ |(|-|‘l'|ii.|(‘. I'lilli'ltl‘.

‘By Receni National Survey

RARNARD HALL
BARNARD COLLEGE

     

' Ml AMI-"RICA? COIIIGIJ'
mm 71/: ran MM M’ J‘PORIJ‘
mm m: l/OIIVW000 .rr/m

 
  

 
 
      
   

   

State College Ne

ATTEND FORUM
MEETING
THURSDAY

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 14. 1950

VOL. XXXIV NO. 22

 

Formals, Parties Mystic Love Affair To High/

Dominate Plans

On Greek Slate
Phi Delta, EEP Oller

Freshman Big - 4

I s
, Blue Horizons

By VIRGINIA M. ADAMS

Come along with the freshmen
and take a trip to Paltimar. Arabia.
The ship is about ready to sail and

Saturday  Formals should weigh anchor at 8:30 pm,

Two sororities and two fraterni-

ties will highlight the weekend with
an open house. iWO dunccs. and a
date party.

Beta ZCLil Sorority will hold an
open liousc for Sinicsmcn tomorrow
from 8:30 to 12 pm. according to
Elcnliol‘ Adams '50. Prcsidcnl.

Plii Dclin Sorority is sponsoring
21 forum] dinicc tomorrow from 9
pm. to 1 21.111. in the Loniigc. 21c-
coi'ding lo Mmgnrct Hosking ‘50.
Pi‘csidcnt. Vivizin Sicclc ‘50 is Chair-
man of ilic ui'i‘nir. Marilyn Allen and
Joycc Buringcr. Juniors. are Co-
cliiiii'incn of [he Dccoraiion Com—
miiicc. ’i‘lic tlicmc of the dance is
“April Showers."

Tiic Edward Eldi'cd Poitci' Club
will hold a duncc tonight from 9 pin.
to i am. nt tlic Aurania Club. ac—
cording (0 Andrew Rossetti '50. Pros-
idcni. Lindlcy Dc Garmo '50. is
Chairman of ilic niTnii'. Tlic Bids
and Program Commitlcc is licudcd
by John King: Arrungcmcnls. Hcr-
bci't Ginsburg. Scniors: Dccorniions,
Dnnici Tinn'cncy; Flowers. Joscph
Purdy; Clnipcroncs. Myron Rinsbcrg.
Juniors; and Favors. Robci‘t Bcii '52.
'l‘iic clnipci'oiics will be John R. Tib—
bciis. Instructor in Science. and Mrs.
'I‘ibl)ctt.s; Mci'iin W. Hathaway. Iii-
Sli'llClUl‘ in Physical Education. and
Mrs. I-Iuihuway; Frank G. Cui'i'ino.
Instructor in Spanish. and Mrs. Cur~
rino, Instructor in English: and Ed-
win C. Munro. Instructor in Modci'n
Languages. and Mrs. Munro.

The new members of Sigma Lamb-
da Sigma Fraternity arc sponsoring
a dale party for thc other members
of the fraternity tonight in the
Lounge. according to Louis Vion ‘53,
Chairman.

April 22 in Page Hall auditorium.
“Blue Horizons." by Bob Hughes.
is casting a melodic aura over the
rod devils. who consider themselves
loaded with talent. Under the ca-
pable hands of Dick Scott. Director.
the first major production of ‘53

Complete Casting
For Spring Play,-
Select AD Class

The cost for the Advanced Dra-
inaiics Spring Play has been an-
nounccd by Agnes E. Futterei‘. As-
sistant Professor of English. Com-
prising the cast of "The Swan" by
F‘Cl‘CllC Molnar will be: Dr. Nicholas
Agi. Donald Ely '51; George. Walter
Keller ’51: Aricnc. Henry Smith ‘52:
Princess Bcuii'icc. Jacquciinc Mann
'51; Alexandra. Carolyn Williams
'51; Father Hyiicinlli. Anthony Pro-
cliilo ‘50; Syinplici'osa. Bcvcrly
Woodin ‘50; Prince Aibci't. Gcoi'gc
Klinc ‘51: Colonel Wundcrlich. Du-
vid Slicpm'd '52; Count Lutzcn. Mur-
vin Poons '51.

Also Czicsnr. Joseph Purdy ‘51:
Maid, Joan Pci'inc ‘51: Princess Mar-
in Dominica. Martha Downcy '51:
Countess Ei'dcley .Eilccn Brooks ‘51;
Alfred. Ross Federico ‘52 and Lndics
in Waiting. Dorothy Mann and June
Cook. Juniors.

Members chosen for ilic AD class
next year include: Ann Brown. Su-
san Dnnzis. Robci'i Donnclly. Ross
chci‘ico. Pziii'icin Gi‘niI. Doroilicn
Harding. Thomas Holman. Florcncc
Kloscr. Edward Kylc. Donald Put-
tcrman .Marilyn Rzipp. Joyce Schn-
fci'. David Shepard, Dorothy Simon.
and Henry Smith. Sophomorcs. Ger-
ald Gorman. Georgina Muginess.
and Edward Stcm'ns. Juniors.

Business Conference To Witness
[Jury Trial,’ Modern Machinery

By GRACE SMITH

Exhibits oi‘ modcrn business mn—
cliincs and lchbooks. a typing dcm-
oiisliution. il “jury trial“ proccdui'c
and a luncheon will highlight this
year‘s busincss conference which is
lo bc iicld at Picrcc Hull. April 22
from 9 u.m. to 4 pm. Prominent
incn oi‘ the business world will up-
pcin' nt tins coiil'crcncc.

’Inc "jury trial" m‘occduw. pi'c-
scniing some of the mtu uspccls of
busic busincss education. will bc
givcn by Dr. I-Icrbci'i Frccmnn. Di-
rector of Busincss Education. Ncw
Jci‘scy Stutc ’l‘czichci's Collcgc. and
Alan C. Lloyd. Advci'tising Dircclor
of the ircgg Publishing Company.
Harrison M. Tci'wiiligcr. Assistant
Professor of Commerce. will ncl us
judge oi the trial.

'I‘lic i'ivc issues for tiic ti'ini ill-
cludc: basic ousincss locks nioiivn-
tion. basic businch locks muicrinl
suitable for instruction. basic busi-

Undergraduate Students
Will Register May 8

Prciiminury i'zill i'cgisii'nilon for
Juniors, Soplioniorcs and i'i'cslnncn
\(ill bc licid tlic week of Mny 8. nc-
coi'ding lo iJr. Milton G. Ncison.
Dcun of ilic Collcgc. Juniors will
i'cgislci' first. folichd by Soplionioi'cs
nnd i'i'cslnncn.

in oi'dcr that students may lnivc
cnougli linic lo plnn ilicn full
sclicdulcs. ncw full czunlogucs will
bc issued on May 1,

Dcan Nelson announces that those
siudcnls complcting their full regis—
tration program corrcctly and who
will not necd to change it. will not
have to go through registration pro-
cedure in the fall.

ncss lacks methodology. basic busi-
ncss lacks mastery und basic busi-
ncss locks mensurcincnt. Tlic jury
i'orcmcn for thc trial will bc Clifton
’i‘lici'nc, Norman Madscn and Mill'-
iiii Boi'inick. Alumni. During thc
lnnciicon Llic various juries will
mukc :1 dccision on ihc firc basic
issucs und iiic jui'y forcincn will mi-
nouncc tiic decisions to [lie fudac.

Tho typing dcmonstrution will bc
given by Di". Joiin i.. Rowc. Associ-
uic Prol'cssor of Busincss ELlll('ll-
lion. Tcachci's Colicgc. Columbia
Univcrsiiy. Student mcmbci's of Llic
Milnc Scliooi will nci us llic cilth for
iiic dcmonslrntion.

Stokes Requests Return
uestionnaire Sheet

Today is tlic lust duy for siudcnis
in turn in ihcii' housing uucslion-
nnn'c sheets. Dr. Elicn C. Siokcs.
Dcnn of Women. lnis unnounccd.
Tlic sliccis wcrc gchn lo sludcnis
bci'oi'c Enstcr vacation so iluii they
could llllllk ovci' wlici'c Ilicy wuntcd
to livc nch ycui'.

’l'iiosc siudcnts who did noi rc-
ccivc l.ll(‘ii‘ sliccis may pick up and
fill out liicii' sliccis loduy iii [no
Dcnn of Womcn's oi‘Iicc.

Myslrania Releases Warnings,-
Four Freshmen Will Apologize

Mysknniu lius nnnounccd liic fol-
lowing i‘i‘cslnncn ll‘d v c i'cccchd
warnings: Joan Gnrdncr. Mui‘lcnc
Knapp. Junci. Lconui'd. Murgui'ct
Hci'bci'i. tliii'd warnings; Lucille
Roulicr, John Palmer. William Hoop—
ci'. Vera Smith, sccond warnings:
and Kenneth GOl’l' and Herbert Eg-
ei't, fourth warnings.

seems to be shaping up for fair
weather ahead.

A down-at-the-heels Broadway
troupe receives an invitation to pre—
sent their show before the Sultan
(Walt Goodelll of Paltlmar, Arabia.
When they arrive. the leading man.
Warren Crane (Dick Jacobson) falls
for the Sultan‘s daughter (Louise
Pctfieldi. but gets captured by a.
female bandit (Rosie Kellcrl. And
the bandit loves Warren. Ah! A
triangle. Who gets the man? You‘ll
have to come and sec. Sharon Crane
(Mary MncFarlandl also has a. ro-
mancc.

Now if there‘s one thing that in-
terests stators as much as romanco,
it‘s a good dancc routine. In "Blue
Horizons." you'll see an exotic hur—
cm dance. coaclicd by Al Hzizznrd.
Chairman of Choreography.

A comedy duo. Larry and Archie,
skillfully add meri'imcnl to thc ploi.
Fi'nnk Hodge lllltl Dun Kelly cxc-
cuic those roles. You should find the
sccnc in thc bandit camp i'nilicr cx«
citing.

Music. music. music is naturally
on important part. Listen for llIC
lovc duct. "I Love You So." an ()l'~
iginal by Dick Jacobscn. mid sung
by Dick and Louisc.

Obviously. the Scls :ind Costuincs
Commiliccs arc plcniy busy; Mur-
lciic Souiinn'd 21nd Lita Krumliolz
:irc licnding ilicse departments.
Also racking" tiicii‘ bruins for orig-
lllill ideas ill'C‘ Ed Lindscy for Pub-
licity and Bctiy Coykcndnll for
Props. Pctc Bon. Lights. and Myra
Bci'nzwcig. Make-Up. am preparing
iiicir committees for lll(' work (but
night. ‘

Looks like most of the freshmen
ill‘(‘ hopping on tho bout to Pnltimai'.
Sounds likc a good show. lci's go
too!

Legislative  To consider

ighl

Assembly Today Includes
Voting On Amendment

Plans for today's assembly include nominations for next
year’s Student Association ofﬁcers, and voting on the pro-
posed amendment to the Student Association Constitution
concerning Election Commission. At a meeting of Student
(‘ouncil held March 29, the budget was considered, plans
for the Moving-Up Day Formal were announced, and a re-

quest by Radio Council to become a part of the budget was
discussed. There was no Student ﬁn --—-~--
Council meeting held Wednesday
night.

Nominations for the following of-

ficers will be made today: President. N  t
Vice Pi'csidcnt. and Secretary of
Studcnt Association. Grand Marshal   s
and Songleader. F C . y
constitution reads as follows: “I P] '1. _ I. ‘ ‘
movc to cross out part (iii undcrsec- “Semen” med m 101 to East“
lion 3: ariiclc 8 and insert the fol- VﬂCflllOll hilVe been l‘eleﬂSC‘d by El-
lowing: mcr C. Mathews. Director of the
11.1 The Election Commission shall Placement Bureau They inCIUde:

be composed of four members and n Lﬂlll'ﬂ Vill‘Bfl '50. Copenllagen. Com-
prcsidcnt. as follows: mcrcc; Leonard Anilaw ’50, Hudson
1. Two permanent Senior incm- FHHS' Commerce; Yv‘ﬂne Lemh ,50'
H . ‘ _ . V . Bellcvdlc. French 1, 2. 3. English 7'
bcis shall be appended to Election Gamma. L ,V G. 1 A.. 1 '
Commission by Student Council two “I,” g1} allug?nfl. 11.3%] .l‘gyﬁ Cen‘
weeks uflcr Moving-Up Day of their ‘ TL 00' "3181’ ﬂue umes'
. ‘  ‘  j , _ J _ ton 00. Schenevus Central School,
Junim ymi. to hold oilicc .is mun English. Cmce Seeley .50 McGlaw
‘_  . . Y, _ . . I L . '
bus of the commission 101 one ycai. Comml School, Latin 1' 2' 3' French
2. Two Junior nicmbci's shall be 1. 2. 3; Carl Byers Grad. Corinth
appointed to the commission by Control School. Social Studies 11,
Studcnt Council two wceks after 12; Joan Erlandson ’50, Roscoe Cen—
Moving—Up Day of their Sopliomorc iral School. Commerce; Joan Peter—
your. to hold office as mcmbci's of son '50. Roscoe Central School. Ele-
ilic commission for one year. memory: Robert Eaton ‘50, Cato-
_ Meridian Central School. Commerce;
3. Duo Junior member shall be Adele Buchoca. Grad 01mg School
appointed in December of his Jun— Schenectade 4th graae; Lihdley De’

ior year by Student Council. .' GumC .50, Pine Plums Central
Junior will serve until Dcccmber of School, Junior High Social

his Senior year and may continue Margaret Mahoney :50,

. , , iown Central School;
’C""_""”"5 (in PM“, "f  O‘Bi'icn ’50, Colonic Central
School. English 9. 10. 12; Pe-
tcr Martin. Grad. Hooper School,
Social Studies 7; and Warren Noble,
Grad. Berne-Knox Central School.

Thc proposed amendment of the

Education, Taxation, Mental Health English.

Harold Vaughn and Doris Freid- Each school will send three delegates HBDdbOOk  Lists

man Pock. Seniors. and Thomas and three alternates. I
Godwai'd ‘51. will rcprcscnt State meetings on the three major topics

Committee

leven Co-Workers

ill the 18th Annual Legislative As- of education, taxation. and mental
scmbly at the State Capitol next hcalili are to be held in the Ten The list of Associate Editors for

Thursday. Friday and Saturday. nc—

struclor in English.
Miss Drafalil is secretary - in—

Eyck Hotel committee rooms on the '54 Freshman Handbook has
cording to Elnora M. Di'afulil. In- Thursday evening.

been released by Theresa Porto. Ed-
Thc committees will continue dis- itor-in-Chiei‘. The following people

cussion all day Friday, and will were named to the staff: Virginia

charge of this year's conference (ll'uii majority and minority bills Adams. Nori'ne Cargill, Maureen Da-

sponsored by the New York Stiilc
Debate Coach‘s Conference The pur-
pose of the assembly is to givc proc-
Licc in debate and coniiniitcc dis-
cussion. as well as parliamentary
proccdurc.

'I‘wcnty-onc colleges will be in ul-
lcndzincc ill this year's coni‘crcncc.

 

Jones’ Art Lends
Cafeteria Appeal

Don‘t drop that spoon now.
i'rosli. that is Miss Dobbins look-
ing down at you from the wall.

()bsci'vunt calicrs-in-tlic-ciii’c—
tcriu siiould linrc noticed by now
ilic ncw artwork on the wall.
Eiu‘lc Jones has tukcn crayon in
hand and crciiicd liicsc niaslcr-
picccs cspcciiilly for Sliilc lip-
pciil.

chcn i‘nculiy incinbci's how
come iuidcr sli'okc l'or ii noi-
so-curicoinrisli picturc. lIci'i'
Mcycr is cnsily recognized by
that \vcll-known pipe and Miss
’l‘urncr's rod llill!‘ calls attention.
With concciitrutml effort the
sludcnt can recognize Dunn
Siokcs. Miss liziycs, Mr. l’ctcr-
son, and Dr. Standing.

The faculty members did not

Earle uscd tlic photographs in
last year's l’cdugogiic.

that the green backing blends
nicely with the new paint.

 

in tho Asscnibly Chambers at the
Capitol will be cullcd together by
ilic Spciikcr, clcctcd from among
the delcgutcs of the various collcgcs.
Bills are introduced. debated, and
HUS-“it‘d 01' likii‘t‘lOd Result-S 0f “10 sci for April 28. and copics oi' the
in'ocvedmss 01' (110 Assembly are book will be available in OIII'lV Au-
bouiid und scnl to tho Spcakci' of gum, ’

tiic Stiitc chi'cscniutivcs.

Freshmen To Gather
At Annual Banquet

licily, Jeannie Simon. Chairman
Robci'i Cci'wonkao. Milan Krchniuk
pose for their pupil-hug [mule]. Caroline Gazuiis. and Owcn Smith:
um" drawing from pm] me Cliziperoncs, Louis Vion, Chairman.
Marguerite Rizzo. and Ann Sturgcs;
Flowers. Joyce Leonard, Chairman
And if you don't appreciate “lgmlﬁ Alifel'lsv Marjorie Bake"
“art,” you can enjoy the fact and Janet Leonard; Entertainment,
Richard Jacobsen, Chairman, Ruth Mary Maguire ‘52 and Paul Le Brun
1Dunn, Frank Hodge, and Rose Kel- '51. Decoration Committee Chair-
er.

ni‘ici' interrogation periods of "ex- vis, Victoria Eade. Robert Jacoby,
ports“ from the State Education and Kenneth Oi'nei'. Marilyn Rapp. Ter-
Siutc Mcntal Health department. csa Slicelian. Grace Smith. Ann Sul-
Godwnrd will be on the tax com- livnn. and Kathleen Cody.

mittce; Mrs. Pock on Mental Heath
committee. and Vaughn on the Ed- . .
“cam-0n committee A banquet Wm traditional greetings to the students
be held on Friday night at me H0_ from Dr. Evan R. Collins. PreSIdent;

tcl Tcn Eyck.

This year‘s book will include the

Dr. Milton G. Nelson. Dean and Dr.
Elicn C. Stokes. Dean of Women. In
addition, a new feature shall be in-
cluded; the listing of Albany incr-
clmnts giving State College students
special rates.

Saturday morning. the mcctings

The tentative copy date has been

Commuters To Arrange
Moving-Up Day Formal

A Moving-Up Day Semi-Formal
Freshmen Wm gull“... “t Memo”-S on May 5 Will be sponsored by the

tomorrow night at 6:30 pm. for Ommmwm Clup' “cwmmg 10130118
liicii' i'n‘sl. nnnuul bunuuct. William Jumbs '52' Pl"‘51d(‘lll- The dance Wlll
Kcichum, Genera] Chuhhmn’ u“_ be on the old Snncsmcn idca using
nounccs [lint tickets priced at onc m" comlm’m: Gl’mv imd U18
dollar. may be purchased at tho. Lounges

nblc outsidc (lic Commons.

. . ’I‘lic lil‘lill l)’illl'001 r' x '
Committee members include: Pub- ‘ ‘ n “I” m m the

Gym where a Moving-Up Day theme
' will prevail. Don Burt and his Or-
' clicstra will provide the music. The
theme for the Commons will be a
“Tcri'iice Garden” and music will
be provided for this section of the
v Formal by a trio.

Co-Cliairnien of the Dance are

man is Sally Schuiiii '51.

 

