 

nu '.

Clarification . . .

We need a clariﬁcation of the Handbook issue.

Let’s remember that the most important and ba-
sic decision rests not with the few (about twenty
out of almost 1,000), people who are doing the talk-
ing, pro or con, for or against, stop or go, in As-
sembly.

The crux is this: do most of the students of
State College feel the need of a Handbook or don’t
they?

Sincere opinions, ventured on either side, are
worth listening to. But, the facts of the issue need
to be separated from the clutter of details and
procedures.

First, the basic reason for advocating Handbooks
available to all students is this: vital information
of importance to all students is found in the Hand-
book. This information includes: a correct copy
of the Student Association Constitution, the names
of the heads of all organizations, the Student As-
sociation budget, the Rivalry Rules, the sorority
rules, and the Residence regulations.

This information changes every year. A Hand-
book is outdated after one year’s use.

Secondly, the issues of cost, and of soft or hard
bound covers, are incidental to discussion of the
main idea, which is: shall we have Handbooks
available to all students?

The mention of soft or hard Handbooks is of
importance only because hard covered books last
longer and might not be needed if everyone got a
book every year.

But, for clearness, this should be considered sep-
arately.

The money, also, is important because the impli-
cations of every SA action should be understood.
However, this, too, will deﬁnitely come up in its
turn when the budget arrives, and it is not the
basic issue, and should not be allowed to clog the
question.

The suggestion that extra Handbooks be printed
just for the people who indicate that they want
them is worth considering.

It does not solve the problem.

One, there is no way of determining ahead of
time who or how many will want a Handbook.
Ideally, everyone might. Two, few are going to
know ahead of time when they are going to need
a reference book. Three, the fact that a few people
may not use their Handbooks does not mean that
they should not have that privilege.

Don’t throw away your chance to make up your
own mind, in case parliamentary intricacies,
appear to confuse the Assembly, no matter which

amendments or arguments that go off on a tangent,
no matter what side they come from.

Weigh in your mind whether or not you need a
Handbook.

Blocked Exit . .. .

The blocking off of the back door of Draper pre-
sents a difﬁculty for those who go regularly to the
Boul, or who commute on Washington Avenue
buses. The one door which is open from Draper to
the Washington Avenue side opens onto the slip-
pery, car-filled parking lot, and, in addition, may
be closed as soon as walking through that area
becomes dangerous.

There is one other door, which opens to the
back from the corridor leading to the Commons.
According to Dr. Collins, this door will be opened
as soon as the hard ice can be removed from the
steps behind it. A path will be opened across the
lawn to the Washington Avenue sidewalk for the
convenience of the students.

in other words the students are being consid-
ered as hilly as possible in this confusion of the
construction of buildings.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

THURSDAY. MARCII 0
3:30 pm. Forum meeting in Lounge
7:80 pm. Newman Club meeting in Newman Ilull.
Rev. Augustine Walton, Ph.D., will lecture
FRIDAY. MARCH 10
3:30 pm. ICVF Bible Class, Room 150
8:30 pm. Music Department presents Operetta “Pa-
tience” in Page Hall
SATURDAY. MARCH It
8:30 pm. Final performance of "Patience"
TUESDAY, MARCH 14
0 pm. Spanish Club Bingo party, Room 215
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15
12 noon SCA Chapel, Unitarian Church
THURSDAY. MARCH 16
12 noon IVCF meeting, Mrs. Messenger will speak
7:30 pm. SCA general meeting, Lounge

STATE COLLEGE News. THURSDAY. MARCH 9. 1950

R\ "v


“Let’s stick to the regular textbook experiments!”

 

 

4a, we .-

 

If someone ordered you to culti-
vate a relationship with someone
with whom you had nothing in
common, you’d say it couldn’t be
done. If you were forced to obey a
person for whom you had no re—
spect, you’d probably blow your top.
If you are an easy going individual
you know how hard it is to adjust
to an “efficiency expert." If you are
a person with a restrained sense of
humor, you've found the perpetual
punster provoking beyond words.
The possible combinations are end-
less. They occur. term in. term out.
between professors and pupils. And
neither can be very happy as a re-
sult. There are times when every
pupil and every teacher must cope
with his own personality by sud—
dning it. by adapting it, by modify—
ing it. That puts quite a strain on
anyone.

When you enter a course, you
have an idea of what work will be
done, what ground will be covered.
Sometimes, you find yourself entire-
ly mistaken. For no good reason——
and no bad one—the teacher‘s corr—
cept puts emphasis orr material
you‘d have labeled irrelevant and
unimportant; the teacher’s material,
topics. and assignments you would
relegate to some other course—usu-
ally one you'd planned not to take.
And that causes quite a strain, too

largely on the pupil since the
teacher is "in command."

I‘ve spent some time wondering
about this sltrratiorr trying to figure
out why it exists. Sadly 11nd reluct-
untiy. I reached one conclusion
first: Our teachers are not to blamc.
At. least not directly. They are peo-
ple even as you and I. When a stir-
dcrrt's personality conflicts with his
instructor's. the instructor has us
urnch trouble in his every corrtnct
with the student 11s the student
does. When 11 pupil feels a course
should be geared one way. and the
teacher. just because of his heredity
and environment, runs it in 1111-
othcr'. the teacher must constantly
lncc u rurrrd not. meeting his own.
No, 11's not. the faculty we can
blame; they must. handle the thing
at. fault the same way we do. That
thing, l'inully. is one of the. unfor-
tunate but incscupublc factors of
education, commonly called the hu—
man clcllicnt. Surprising 11s it seems.
it is not that terwlring~us we know
it. is too rrruclr dependent on it.
The truth is that teaching ignores
the factor with as nulch ubulrdoll
as most of the other of civillzrrlion's
processes tcuching.

What can teachers do about their
personalities? Nothing—nor should

By GEORGE I. KLINE

Specufaﬁamt

 

they be expected to. No one plans
on universal popularity; trying to
get along perfectly with each of
one's students would be nonsense.
What can teachers do about the way
they run their courses? Nothing—
their method is as valid as the ones
which the seemingly non-conform—
ist pupils would inaugurate. (This
is not the time or place to discuss
those teachers who are abnormal
characters teaching material no ra-
tional person would in ways no ra-
tional person could.) The point is
simply that the human element, and
inherent feature of teaching, is ig-
nored. The process of education
rrrrrst g.) on in spite of it not because
of it as it often seems.

I have no solution to propose
here. When I realize it's a problem
the world‘s best teachers have not
been able to overcome these past
few aeons, it hardly seems likely
that. I ever shall. Brrt it’s something
for 11s to consider. And who knoWs?

Where‘s there's life, there's
hope. . . .

 

.l’au‘ Week
In ﬂuemdly

 

Last week‘s assembly featured the
continururcc of the discussion on the
motion to print soft-covcrml staple
vrrricty handbooks for tire entire
student body. Arr runendmcnt to the
motion, stating that only six hun-
dred lurrrdbooks should be printed
was defeated. Discussion haltcd at.
pm. to be followed by elections
from the various classes.

Student Council replacement. elec-
trons wcrc held. in which one mem-
bcr from the Senior nlrd fr'cshrnrrn
classes was elected. by their rcspcc—
live classes to Council.

The Class of 1050 cast. its brriiots
for its class president. The. calls
didatcs for Junior Prom Queen
came to the front of the mulitoriruu,
and tire Class of 105] voted ior its
queen. The election held by fire Class
of ltli'Ll, was that in which llrc
Sophomores voted for the editor of
the li‘rcslunun Handbook.

At. the close of assembly. members
of the News handed out question—
naires on the topic of exemptions,
to be filled in and returned for tab—
ulution.

 

Gama-52d“

By EADE and SCHULTZE K

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

AROUND SCHOOL ON THE BULLETIN BOARDS . . .

The article in the January issue of the Alumni
Quarterly by Dr. Collins, regarding our school, is
very inspiring. Take a look at one of these Quarter--
lies which are posted around school.

For those eager to make up lost hours (due to lost
weekends) and for those “accelerators,” the new sum-
mer catalog has been posted on the Registrar's bul-
letin board.

TAKE A LOOK . . .
. the Letter to the Editor by Mert Thayer is
something well worth reading.

. . . at our newly painted Lounge. Complete with a.
new “progressive” paint job and ash trays, as well
as a Grandfather’s clock that tolls the hours (after
years of silencel. our dull and dingy Lounge has be-
come a pert-looking place.

. . at the up-to-date Rivalry bulletin board~shift-
ing it somewhere more conspicuous might prevent a
similar relapse.

CONTRARY T0 POPULAR BELIEF . . .
. the crew cuts sported by a certain group of
men are not harbingers of spring.
. . nor is the sudden upsurge of dancing in the
Commons.
. there will be school tomorrow.

THINGS WE'I) LIKE TO SEE CIIANGE . . .

Class attitudes and spirit which result in one per-
son being nominated for important ofﬁces. however
good they might be. Opposition and competition cer-
tainly would have a stimulating effect on the elections.

The attitude that all “rabble~rousing" is bad. Many
good points Were brought 11p last Friday. but the
News‘ Editorial bred the idea that discussion of the
type witnessed was detrimental with the result that.
the students did not take these points seriously. Let's
adoptt an attitude of seeing the good in every argu-
men .

WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO [)0 ABOUT IT . . .

The News polled us about having Dr. Phillips. the
avowed Communist professor speak to the student
body. An indication of interest was given. brrt we ask——
What happens now? How about Student Council or
some other organization taking positive action.

Similarly, the exemption plan was received favor—
ably irr another poll. and probably will be referred to
the Student Advisory Board. Will it die there? It's
up to the students to maintain an interest in this
and to see that it receives due consideration from the
responsible sources.

THESE ARE MOMEN’I‘OUS DAYS . . .

According to an announcement by Mrs. Br'immer
at the Van Derzee House meeting this week. barring
unforseen misfortunes, Sayles Hall will be returned
to the men for whom it was built, next Fall. Provid-
ing housing for an additional 120 men, including some
Grads. it should help make State more appealing to
prospective men students.

Another step was taken land away—l behind Dra—
per with the arrival of monsters with pneumatic
hammers who are making way for the new Commerce
Building—or haven't you heard?

Which leaves us looking forward to Dr. Collins'
hopes for an ever-expanding college, bringing with it
more students. courses. a gym. an auditorium large
enough for g‘r'uduations. and rnr1ybe——a winning bus--
kctbnll team.

FINALLY . . .

Spring vacation will be, cut short. one day because of
our extra day of leisure at Christmas.

The Junior Prom was a. huge success. Too had only
111 couples could enjoy the good music and the ex-
celicnt decorations.

Ray Ver'r'cy will probably be. replaced next. year as
manager of Van Dcr'zcc by Mrs. MncLaughlin.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

 

 

 

 

ESTABLISHED MAY ISIS
BY THE CLASS OF 19l8
RA'l‘lNG—ALInAMICRICAN
V011. XXXIV Mul't'll il. lilbii No iii
Member limrrrlmrnr
\usrrv'iulr-ri l'orli-L'l‘lir- I'l'osu l‘ollotridlo Ilium“
’I'in- Iiurlcl‘grudnalc Ili'\\\]I.I]I1'I' of Ihr- New \orlr Hiillr' t'ol
logo for 'l'i'.li‘lrr-l'\: prrlilrslrr-rl i'\i'|'_\ Friday of lllt' ('ollogr-
_\r-:I|' l>,\' llll‘ .\'l'i\\'.\‘ llonl'il lul' llrc Slllili'lli .\~~~Hl‘l.||l||||
l‘lmrn-s' \\‘I|I~i~. I'liHI'J. l"I'i-I'l. '_'Ii|'_'d; Heism :lllll i-‘ur'r‘cll
\ HINT \\r‘lriu-r '_‘ our: \lr-rniu-l's ol' llll' NEWS si.rl'l' Irr:|\
lu‘ I't'llt'llt'il 'I‘irr-sriui .‘Ilril \\'c1lnr-.~.1Iu_\ from '1‘ lo ll .Jlll p In
ill Ii llltli
'I‘III“. \I‘2\\S "HAND

Hilllllrl‘ﬂ' \\Il.' - ~ 7 r « — » - l'lilllnl'lnt'lllt‘l
NIHHNAIHC‘I'TI‘I l"ll|"|‘.l. ~ - - I'Illllll' Ilelullnlm l‘itllllbl‘
I)I.\NI' “l'ililil‘lli « - ' - - — - - Sport» I'ltlllnl‘
iill.\t'll. M‘ISH - » e - ~ - - < t'ii'rnintlon Mnnnucr

.lti.‘ N I".\ It It I'illl. Alli r-rilnlllg ltlullllul‘l'

 

 

\llt'llAllll. ('llll‘l' Sir: » - » ~ ~ Illlnlllt'rm Mnmmcr
I'I\'I'Il-\N “UL l'.‘ - - - ~ - < - — It'crilul'n I'llllltlr
(‘I'It‘I‘IIJA ll.\‘l"l‘l5l‘l - 7 ~ - - l'ltcliunuu I‘lrlllor
titilJlll'l lilti'l\\l'ili - - - Aholiclntn I'ltllior
til‘llllllll IDI‘NV - v ~ ~ » - - < Armllclrlin l'ltilllil'
\I:\R\‘ It‘l'IN'lJ'il. ~ - r r 7 ~ - — [\umwirlio lillllltil‘
.\|| coururonr-zrlloin should lu- llrlill‘i'hhi'il to ill“ editor lllltl
urusr luv >l‘,;|ll'll \illlli‘.‘ Will be withheld upon request.
"I'hr: STATIC t‘tll.l.ldilltl \‘l‘3\\'S .rmninicu no responsibility
tor opinions expressed In his co uurns or cornrnunlcnlions

us such expressions do not necessarily reflect its View.

 

-I’\‘£I \‘lw 2

 

A

 

Hastings Reveals
Lenten Book List,
Posts information

Alice Hastings. Assistant Libra-
rian, announces that those students
who might wish to exhibit any hob-
by or' collection in the showcase of
the Library may do so by contacting
Helen James. Librarian.

Miss Hastings has also released a
list of books for Lenten reading,
that the students might be inter-
ested in procuring from the col-
lege library.

The Bible and the Common Read-
er, by Mary Ellen Chase is an inter-
pretation of the scriptures as lit-
erature and history.

On Being a. Real Person, by H. E.
Fosdlck, is a book on essays based
on Dr. Fosdick‘s experience in deal-
ing with personal problems of men
and women.

The Robe. by Lloyd Douglas is
the story of a Roman soldier Mar-
cellus who was in charge of the
crucifixion of Christ.

Memories of My People Thru A
Thousand Years, by Leo Walden
Schwar'y, is an anthology of auto-
biographical excerpts from Jewish
poets, soldiers, incidents from days
of Marionides to the present.

One God, by F. M. Fitch is a sim-
ple. yet fascinating account of cris-
toms and beliefs of Jews. Catholics
and Protestants.

Chairman Lists
SMILES Needs

The need for students to assist
SMILES in carrying out the services
for the Red Cross and to assist in
teaching dancing to the children
at the Albany Home, has been ari-
nounced by Susan Panek ‘51, chair-
man. SMILES has been recently
named as the representative from
State to Red Cross.

Among the services requested by
the Red Cross is to drive 'nrs in
transporting children to school, to
canvass for various funds and to
help with different drives such as
the March of Dimes. Anyone pos-
sessing a driver's license will be of
particular assistance.

The dancing classes will be held
in the Chapel at the Home Satur-
day at 2:30 p.111. Ballroom dancing
will be taught. Anyone interested in
helping SMILES with the dancing
classes or in rendering services to
the Red Cross should contact, Miss
Pnnck via student 1111111. All posses-
sors of driver's licenses should i11-
(licute such.

Two Plans Provide
French Study Tours

French Study Tours are provid-
ing a program of “Fifty Days in
France." under two plans, at a cost
of $7211 or $518 iii the student can
win a scholarship for $200.1 The
dates for the tour, inclusive New
York to New York .nrc .lllllc 29 to
August 22.

Plan A is provided for students
who wish to earn credits by rrtlcnd-
ing 11 four week summer session at
College ilitcr'nutionuic of Crrnnes
iii‘r‘rnch ltivicrul. The tour will irr-
cludc a \vcck's stny in Paris. tvvo
weeks in 'l‘ours mid the Chateau
(‘ountr'y. 11s well as the four \veck's
summer session. Full price of [iris
program is $710.

Plnn B is pialrrrcd as a compre-
heirsch survey of France especially
for teachers or students who do not,
wish to cum credits, but. desire the
advantages of 11 field study oriented
lowrrl'ds cultural and professional
objectives .'l‘i11s tour includes three
Weeks 111 Paris. one week in Tours
and Chrrtcuu Country. and three
weeks for 11 tour of 2500 miles across
France.

The groups will make an air
crossing from New York to Luxem-
burg, while the remainder of the
trip will be by chartered bus.

For general information, the dc~
tuilcd program .schoiurship contest,
or application blanks. write Jenn
(iuiget, Department of Romance
Languages ,Univcrsity of Wrrshnrg~
ton, Seattle, Washington.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. THURSDAY. MARCH 9. 1950

 

Construction Necessifaies
Detour For BouI-Goers

It was 2:30 pm. Monday. Ah,
to make the per usual mad dash
to the Boul for the afternoon
chat, the dried tapioca pudding
topped with vanilla. ice cream
and a. cup of coffee! So thought
the tall, handsome gentleman as
he approached the back door,
gave it the usual bang, and sud-
denly found himself sitting on
the stairstepsll

For those of you who haven’t
heard, the back door of Draper
will be closed for the rest of the
semester while construction of
the addition to Draper is in
progress, according to Dr. Evan
R. Collins, President.

Some of you may find yourself
sitting pretty and chilly while
a bulkhead is being built near
the stairs in order to extend
the ﬁrst floor into the new ad-
dition. Traffic will be on the end
stairs of Draper Hall and en-
trance from Washington Avenue
will be the service door by the
Co-op. Oh well. kids, more steps,
less lunch!

Sports Clothes, Little Jewelry
Dominate Siafemen’s Wardrobe

Men—have you been getting the
critical eye lately? Girls—have you
wondered if you had a, run as some-
one stared at your foot gear?

The Commerce 124 class has been
out making its annual survey of
fashions in the Commons, classes,
and throughout the halls of State.
They've computed statistics which
may later be used as a. buying guide
in some of the downtown stores,
when buying collegiate clothes.

If State is typical of all men, sev-
eral necktie stores could go out of
business. Only 50% of statesmen
wear the things and of these, 6%
are bowties. Suits and sports jack-
ets are worn about equally by 40%
of the male population while sports
outﬁts are found on the rest. White
shirts outranked colors. with blue
coming in second. Most jewelry
found on local men was emblematic,
either class. fraternity or other so~
cial insignia.

Among the best dressed men and
co-eds were the student teachers.

 

echiond

 

To The Editor:

Last week in assembly, a ﬁgure of
one thousand copies of the Frosh
Handbook was mentioned. It would
seem on the surface that this figure
possibly represents a compromise be—
tween the two ﬁgures previously
suggested. I feel, however. that there
are many students in the student
body who would feel that they have
no need for a handbook after their
freshman year. These people 1111—
doubtedly would not go to the trou-
ble of picking one up if it is made
available to them.

No one argues with the fact that
every incoming freshman should
have a book. Few will quibble with
the courteous gesture of also giving
a book to new faculty members.
Many upperclassmen, however. feel
that more copies should be made
available in view of the material
contained therein.

If we were to print a thousand
copies and this number were dis—
tributed with several people still
wishing to obtain a book, perhaps
a second printing could be made
available by the publisher to meet
the needs of those who still desire
a book. Thus, the needs of the stu-
dent body might be satisﬁed in this
inarnrer and only those people who
actually feel they need a book would
take one.

Perhaps the person who introduc-
ed this motion would consider such
a proposal in view of the events
which have taken place in the past
two weeks.

Jerry Dunn '51

To the Editor:

it would seem that last. week's
editorial bcwails the change of the
Student. Association from a rather
quiescent "rubber—st.urrp" body to
an interesting and questioning
group. This does not. seem to corr-
i‘orrn to dcrriocrntic ideals iir which
most of us believe. Perhaps, it is
necessary to have a few interested
"rubble-rouscr's" to wake up the
lethargic majority, who talk much
and do lillie.

’l‘hc odious label of "rabble-rous-
ing" plrrccd by implication on the
actions of the students is definitely
prcjrrdicral._ This rndiscr'iruirurte ap-
plying of lubch is 11 widely used
propaganda device.

The petty display of “spirit.” took
life form of challenging the chair
on some points. The writer of the
editorial seem. in fccl that this was
done 111 the spirit of fun to bring
solllc llic to the assembly. This is
not rreccssur'iiy so. It all rrlel't, irr—
ler'rslcd member or the SA feels
that the chair is not. only wrong ilr
l‘l':'.;rl'(l to rules of order. but is dci-
lllllcl_\ partial. should he not ut—
tcnrpt to do something about. it?

The \l'l'llr'l‘ further states that.

 

,(jnuls lliieuiiou.’

llrll‘ll] — -lll(ll't‘ll l7

participation, interest, and a de-
sire to improve cannot be forced by
“rabble-rousing." This may be true.
but active interest and questioning
on the part of the few may awaken
the mass and lead them to particip-
ation and interest with the end re-
sult of improvement.

The writer states also a desire for
an efficient organization. The most
efficient organization is the
dictatorship. benevolent or other-
wise. Is this the type of organiza-
tion we want? The writer further
states the wish that some people
would work with rather than
against the leader. This seems to
deny the need for an opposition
which no one has ever done in case
of truly democratic government. Co-
operation does not preclude the use
of our right to challenge the leader
when he is. in our opinion at fault.

The editorial decries complacency
and in the next paragraph decries
“rabble-rousing" and later states a
desire for a “middle of the way"
policy. When starting at one ex-
treme. the right, and working to-
ward the middle. is it not necessary
to lean heavily to the left to over-
come the inertia of habit?

Let us hope the action of the few
will awaken the mass to a point of
interest and participation.

Merton ’I‘haycr ‘50.

“Heeled” girls and suited men were
most often found en route to Milne.

Perhaps the chilling breezes whis-
tling through open doors had some-
thing to do with the overwhelming
majority of sweaters as opposed to
blouses, six to two. Stockings are
worn by two out of every three girls
and quite a few doubled up with
bobby socks during the sub-zero
weather.

Fashion decreed short haircuts
and 75% of State girls have com-
piled. Last year’s shoulder bags have
likewise suffered under the rule of
style and their former majority has
shrunk to 39%.

Blue, green and red led the color
brigade for feminine preference
while most of our spectacled gals
prefered harlequin rims in either
clear or tortoise shell plastic.

Joan Whitcraft '51 has been in
charge of the poll and the survey
was taken over the period of a week
to insure a more complete picture.

Miss Whitcraft felt that the cold
weather influenced the results to
some extent, but also remarked that
State seemed typically collegiate
and on a par with other colleges.

So——if you want to be a Joe or
Josie College, clip your hair (a la
EEP pledges) wear flat heels. skip
a tie and hide your rhinestones!

6W1 earnsz

By PAT BRADY

 

 

Going off-campus this week, let's
look to Russell Sage for a moment
to call your attention to the produc-
tion of "I Remember Mama," to be
presented in the Little Theater on
the Sage Campus tomorrow and
Saturday at 8 p. m. The usual
strenuous amount of rehearsal has
gone into this production and it
looks very promising.

Another coming attraction in Troy
is the Skating Sensations of 1950,
which will feature Miss Barbara Ann
Scott, world ﬁgure skating cham-
pion. Miss Scott and her company
of 16 acts will appear at the RPI
Field House from Wednesday, March
15 to Sunday, March 10. This would
certainly prove to be an entertain-
ing evening ,whether or not you are
a sports enthusiast. Miss Scott won
the Canadian, North American, Eur-
opean. World's and Olympic skating
championships for two years run-
ning. a feat not equalled.

And now back to State's campus.
Tonight, on station WPTR, at 7:15
pm. five State students will be ten-

 

Queen Lends Irish Touch
To Mardi Gras Theme

“A pretty girl is like a melo-
dy.” Pretty Lenore (Jamaican
made an Irish melody as she
followed her pages and attenti-
ants into the ballroom of the
Aurania (llub Friday night.

She. as Junior Prom Queen,
reigned in a. ballroom decorated
in festive. atmosphere.

(Ilrrr) New Orleans and its
lr‘ebruary Mardi Gras secured far
away from the outside of the
club but inside the carnival air
of ribbons. masks and wall de-
corations brought warmth.

Attendants to Queen Lenore
were Shirley Ilnswell, Jeanette
Zelanis, Pauline Reimcnthal and
Virginia Norton. Pages selected
from the freshman class were
illarjorie Baker and Marie Pro—
cliilo.

The gold draped throne and
back-drop made it striking cori-
trust to her slight figure as ’50's
queen. Marjorie Southwick Thur-
low, placed the crown on Le.-
norc's shining red hair.

tured on the weekly PTA program.
The students ,all of whom have had
experiences in foreign countries. will
discuss the topic. “The Influence of
American Films Abroad." Tire stu-
dents who will participate are Renee
Gewirtzmnn, Mildred Nakasone, R11-
0111 Nunez, and Ann Brown. The
countries which they will represent.
in the discussion are Poland and
Italy, Hawaii, Bolivia, and Brazil,
respectively. The moderator for the
panel will be Christinnn Llevestro.
For the student’s view of this corr-
troversial subject. tune in and get

 

the “inside word."

This week, the radio progrrnn
"Crrpitul Campus," lieu rd every
Wednesday evening over station
WROW at 10:15 will feature Debate
Council. Cnrolirrc Willlurrrs 11nd
(lcorge Kline will be on hand as
per usual.

I
H. F. Honlkel & Son
Pharmacists

Founded 1005 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

SA V E 10%

BOULEVARD

PHONE 5-1913
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

195-200 CENTRAL AVENUE
MEAL TICKETS

ON FOOD COSTS

SAVE 10%

CAFETERIA

swam. N. 1.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

PAGI '3’

Religious Clubs
Schedule Chapel,

Panel Discussion
Baroness Will Speak,

Newman To Present

Third Philosophy Talk

On the agenda for the Religious
Clubs’ future activities is a. confer-
ence, lectures, panel discussions, and
noontime meetings.

Mary Arden Lynch ’50 ,President,
has announced that tonight at 7:30
pm. Newman Club will present
Father Augustine Watlon, PhD. in
the third of a. series of lectures on
“Scholastic Philosophy.” Newman is
conducting a membership drive and
a booth has been placed outside of
the Commons in conjunction with
this drive.

IVCF Plans Conference

This weekend IVCF invites all
persons interested to attend an In-
ter-Collegiate Conference at Camp
Pinnacle in the Helderbergs. Ac-
cording to Ruth Price '50, the con-
ference will start Saturday and end
Sunday. Colleges represented will be
Mt. Holyoke ,RPI, Williams, Oneon-
ta. and Union.

IVCF will also present Mrs. Charles
Messenger, former Russian Baron-
ess, who will give a talk on her ex-
periences in the Russian Revolution
at a noontime meeting, Thursday.
Dr. Adams to Speak at Chapel

According to Martha Spencer ’51,
Chapel Director, the speaker for
Wednesday's Chapel will be Dr. Car-
lyle Adams from the Madison Ave-
nue Presbyterian Church. His topic
will be “Thou Shalt Love the Lord
With All Thy Mind.” Kathryn
Ballard ’52, will lead the Chapel
Services.

Thursday evening at 7:30 pm.
there will be a general meeting of
SCA in the Lounge. A panel discus-
sion on “What Education Does to
Religious Faith” will be presented.
The panel will consist of Dr. Frances
Colby, Instructor in English: Dr. C.
Luther Andrews, Professor of Phys-
ics and Elton A. Butler, Instruc-
tor in Mathematics. The Moderator
is Donald Ely ’51.

Math Club To Tour
General Electric Labs

The Mathematics Club is plan-
ning a trip to the General Electric
Engineering and Consulting Labor-
atory to inspect the differl rtlai an-
alyzer and other mathematical ma-
chines, according to Ruth Marsch-
her ‘50, President. The students will
leave the college at 1:30 pm.
Thursday. The faculty members
will accompany them: Dr. Caroline
Lester, Assistant Professor of Mn-
thematics. Elton Butler and Nura
Turner, Instructors in Mathematics.

All students who are definitely
going are asked to sign 11p on the
Mathematics Club bulletin board by
Tuesday or contact Miss Mnrsehner
via the strident mail.

 

l.. 0. Balfour Go.

Fraternity Jewelers
JEWELRY GIFTS. FAVORS

BADGES, STEINS, RINGS
CLUB PINS. KEYS
STATIONERY, PROGRAMS
MEDALS 'I‘ROI’IIIES

Write or Call
CARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford. N.Y.
Telephone Troy Adams 8-2523

 

 

W.

Florist & Greenhouse
Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

DIAL 4-1125
College Florist for Years
Special Attention to
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

 

 

 

