  

PAGI I

 

Eastern Alumni

TO   Elmer C. Mathews, Director of  

At Pierce Hall,

The Eastern Branch of the Alum-
ni Association will hold its annual
luncheon at Pierce Hall, Saturday
at 12:30 p.m.. according to Mrs.
Bertha Brimmer, Executive Secre-
tary of the Association. Highlight-
ing the program will be Dr. Evan
R. Collins, President of the College,
as speaker. Ilni‘iiediately following
the lune? eon will be the annual
meeting of the Graduate Council.

The meeting will be composed of
the various class councillors from
all parts of the state. The oldest
alumni, who has already accepted
to attend, is Farley Rickert, a mem-
ber of the Class of 1877. He will
take part in the discussion of the
Graduate Council. Most of the coun-
cillors of the more recent classes
will be present. James Brophy.
Graduate, will represent the Class
of 1949 in the absence of Catherine
Donnelly, the regular councillor.

Plans for the Alumni Day will be
announced by Ruth B. Woolschlag-
er, Alumni '36, Supervisor of Com-
merce in the Milne School.

Invited as guests to the meeting
are Dr. John M. Sayles, former
Prusident of the College, and Mrs.
Sayles; Miss Anna E. Pierce. for—
mer Dean of Women; Dr. Milton G.
Nelson. Dean. and Mrs. Nelson; and
Dr. Ellen G. Stokes. Dean of Women.

Offer 5 Week Seminar
in European Study Plan

A ﬁve week summer seminar is
being sponsored by the New School
for Social Research in New York.
Topics selected for the special study
include “East-West Tensions, Po-
litical, Social and Economic Condi-
tions in Western European Count-
tries and The Workings of the Euro-
pean Recovery Plan.” _

The seminar is open to American
students, teachers, college profes-
sors and leaders of civic groups. It
will be divided into two groups. one
going first to England and the other
to France, and then changing places.
Students may spend several days in
Paris and London.

The cost of the seminar will be
$780. Applications should be sent to:
Summer Seminar in Europe 1950,
New School for Social Research. 66
West 12th Street, New York 11, New
York.

 

OTTO Ii. MENOE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

 

THREE SPEEDS AHEAD
78 — 45 — 331/3

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 0:00

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
s ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMICS
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR l’Olt'l‘llAl'l‘
s s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

  

 

STATE COLLII NIWS.

 

THURSDAY. MARCH 9. 1950

I 4W 4m | Tweniy Year Old Headlines

 

Teacher Placement Bureau, spoke
to a group of Seniors at a career
conference supported by a Rotary
group at Watervliet High School
last Thursday.

Wednesday, Dr. Ralph B. Kenney,
Professor of Guidance, will address
the assembly at Scotia High School.
Dr. Kenney’s topic will be “Choos-
ing a College."

Tomorrow, Dr. James Wesley
Childers, Chairman of the Depart-
ment of Modern Foreign Languages,
will speak to the faculty of Cham-
plain College, Plattsburg. Dr. Child-
ers will speak on the work of the
National Council of American Asso-
ciation of University Professors.

A meeting of the Science teach-
ers oi the Eastern Zone of the New
York State Science Teachers Asso-
ciation, was held in the Lounge last
Saturday. The topic of the meeting
was “Regents Examinations.” Two
of the speakers were Science exam-
iners from the State Education De-
partment. They were Hugh Tem-
pleton. Science Supervisor. and
Robert McGregor. Graduate of State
and now Assistant Science Super—
visor.

Richard S. Hauser. Instructor in
Biology, recently purchased a one-
family house in Elsmere. The fac-
ulty of the Science Department at—
tended a housewarming Saturday
night.

Bingo, Door Prize, Refreshments

To Highlight Spanish Club Party

A Bingo party has been scheduled
by the Spanish Club for Tuesday,
at 8 pm. in Room 28 .A door prize,
as well as bingo prizes. will be
awarded. according to Mary Calan-
dra '50, President. Frank Carrino,
Instructor in Spanish, and Mrs.
Carrino. Instructor in English, will
furnish the refreshments.

 

REFLECTIle

 

N" ‘
WHITE 8. WVCKOFF’S

( r .
ﬂwmfwm fadrw
iland Decided Stationery

is our latest offering in fine
writing papers.

Come In and See Our

Wit/e xiirorlmcrm

B o x e s f o r
gifts as well
as for your
own person-
alcorrcspond-
e n c e — f o r
men as well
as women.
You may have your choice
of an attractive monogram
or your name and address
printed right on the sheets
and envelopes.
A choice, too, of several
different sizes and shades of
paper and envelope styles.

 

 

Exclusive with

Slate Ooiiogo (lo-op

l’hone 61-6419

 

By MARILYN RAPP

Down with sororities! News board
resigns! Did this make you take a
second glance? They did when they
were printed in the News twenty
years ago.

According to the March 7. 1930
issue of the News, a debate was held
in the English 31 class on the ef-
fect of the new residence hall on
State College sororities. The decision
reached was that the proposed new
residence hall would mark the end
of the sororities. Some of the argu-
ments made by the winning side are:

“Sororities are injurious in that
they seek to control school politics.
that they tend to form cliques. and
that their form of selection is un-
democratic and superﬁcial.”

“Sororities are in general bad and
tend to suppress individuality . . .
certain sororities affect certain
modes of dress, certain forms of
dancing. and certain affectations of
speech."

It was pointed out that the new
hall would remove the housing prob-
lem which was the chief excuse for
the existence of sororities.

 

CO-STARRING IN

DENISON UNIVERSITY

 
 

‘By Recent
National Survey

‘o Vii -hr [950 Lkoi H k Mviui Tor

    

 

DOROTHY HART

Lovely Denison Alumna, says:

“Chesterﬁeld was my cigarette in
college and it’s my cigarette today.
They’re always MILDER."

Mar

"OUTSIDE THE WALL"

A UNlVERSAL-lN'l‘EllNATIONAL l‘lCTUliE

WILLIAM HOWARD DOANE HORN"

ﬂe/ie [W/ﬂl/P/ﬂeﬂe 70105:,-

g Controversies

In the March 14, 1930 issue of the
News, the main headline shocked its
readers with “News Board Hands
in Resignation; Awaits Acceptance
by Myskania." This eye-bulging
headline displayed the action taken
by the News following the instruc-
tions of Myskania that the News
board print the names of students
who had not paid the Student As-
sociation tax of $14. Feeling that it
was unetical journalism and that
it would endanger both the News
and Myskania to a civil suit for
damages and a trial for misdemean-
or. the board refused to publish the
names. Upon insistance by Myskan-
ia, the board resigned, and its resig-
nation was accepted.

Colonial To Present 'Rigoletlo'

Verdi‘s “Rigoletto” will be the
movie offering at the Colonial Thea-
tre beginning Sunday. Featuring
Tito Gobbi and Lina Pagliughi, the
movie was filmed in the Rome Op—
era House. Tullio Serafln conducts
the Rome Opera House Orchestra.
The ﬁlm will be shown Sunday
through Wednesday.

Ar DENISON and, Colleges and Universir
throughout the country 

 

is the largest-selling Cigarette

    
   

 
 

  
 
 
 
 
    

HESlEllFIElll

II Mid/093‘ OOIIIGIJ'
W/f/I IMF ’01, MI” I” J'PMIJ‘
[WI/I "Ill/011717000 STARS

 
 

To Present 'Patience'
For Annual Operetta

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5/
kowsky, Robert Eddy, Sophomores;
Gerald McGory, Sanford Miller,
and William Taylor, freshmen.

Doing the behind-the-scene work
are the following committees: Cos-
tumes, Joan Erlandson ’50, Jane
Minckler, and Marian Newton,
Sophomores; Properties, Helen Mo-
eller, Doris Price and Jean McNeil,
Seniors; Make-Up, Joseph Cru-
cilla, Joseph Keefe, Marjorie Lyons,
and George Christy, Seniors, Mar—
vin Focus and Joseph Purdy, Jun-
iors; Sets and Scenery, Martha
Downey, Donald Burt, Joan Perine,
and Eugene Webster, Juniors; Stage,
Robert Donnelly (Manager), Doro-
thee. Harding, Cathleen Gearon,
Florence Kloser. Sophomores. Ger-
ald Gorman and Patricia Jai, Jun-
lOl‘S.

Music Council Appoints Members
Virginia Maurer ‘52, and Alfred
Di Cesare '50. have recently been
appointed as additional members to
Music Council. according to Bar-
bara Smith '50. President. This
brings the total number of mem-
bers on Music Council to twenty.

 
  

   

 

f

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

State College News

    

GIVE OLD RECORIH
TO COMMUNITY
SERVICE

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY, MARCH 17. 1950

VOL. XXXIV NO. 20

 

Dean Releases

Fall Honor List
OF ’3' Students

Seniors Cop First Place
As 88 Make Group

The Senior Class topped the
Dean's List for the Fall semester
1949-50 with 88 members. Also nam-
ed to the list. which was compiled
by Ruth Lape. Registrar, are '79
Juniors. '78 Sophomores and 42

Soyles, Pierce
To Hold Formals
Tomorrow Night

Highlighting this weekend’s social
activities will be the formals given
by Sayles and Pierce Halls tomorrow
night from 9 pm. to 1 am.

At Sayles. according to Colletta
Fitzmorris ’50, Vice-President, the
theme will be “Some Enchanted Eve~
ning." This effect will be carried out
by the use of flowers, a ﬁsh pond
with live fish, and birds in a bird

    

   

  

freshmen. b m
(“loss of liiﬁii: lillll Allusio. lmonurrl a 1-
.\rn|.-rw. li'\\'lli litlllilli'l. .\lur_|oric Name Comlnjttees
lhilrwli. Morris .r-i'gr-i'. .lnnics lil.  Chainnen of the conunntees are:
born, .\<ln-r lmrion. .\nno llnno. .\ iy ' ‘ _ ,
l':Il.IHIlI':I. .lnnr- l‘nrulici'. .\iicrv l'nscy. Rerlcsnmentsv tha Aims“) ‘and
sun-icy cum-r. .\nn:r i‘clnlmlslii. liicli- Mary Gee, Seniors; Decorations,
:Il'Il i‘lr-IIiI-Ii|<. Marilyn ('ullr'ii. l'illj'llll‘ Grace Scism and Edith Minch. Sen-
""”.""‘“- ".""" “".".",’- ”"”'.""”” “"l'“: iors; Chaperones. Cecelia Battisti
.\l:il‘lr- IIr-ini‘ln. lylrsi- Ill-Nov. lit-I“) , . dT. k , ,. d
innit“. mu Iii'r-znr-r. lir-g‘iim Ill'lscoll. 5_1. an 1c ets. Joan Klaus 52 an
.i..,\.-.- mom-r. or...” lilillllillll. inn-mm Eileen Hayes 50. chaperones for the
I‘Iilwn. iii-lucid I-‘I'uwn. lil'Illl'i'Il"l'll'lllllllll, evening. will include Mr. Frank C.
.\I‘llilll' l-nr'nm, (Kiri-oil l.:r|lI\‘.|n. .\«-I' ,   . - -,
mu iiinkich. llcrln-ri (tins-burg. l):l\’lll C‘unno' I‘n‘Sl’lucml In SPmllShv and
(ill-riiluj'. hum-i 1: “nix-w. ii.-n.-.- llnr Mrs. Cari-mo, Instructor in English;
l'l~. I’r-ii-r' llzivr-y. l"l‘:|llli ill-illil‘). .\|:Il‘_\‘ D1‘_ J. Wesley Childers, Professor of
llr'lllil‘l. S'ilirll'u lit-sill]. .\l:|l'jnl'lc lllllla'l. Spanish and Mrs. Childers. and
l ':'.l-. :I'g‘, Iv: ' . i
{1:11}: lli',l:'\.'i"']“'ML": III;:,',::,|I','I illlll'l'fplrll‘ Allen Benton. Instructor in Biology,
mini lx'cnl. l"I':|iI'r-s lii'sslr-i', .lohn and Mrs. Benton. Dr. Evan C. Col—
|\’in:, |-'l-p":r'r- liliiac. Amino] l\'III'l:. iins, President of the College, and
l'l.l|‘l'lil'r‘ .:ll'~uli. osr-inni‘y .r-ssuri. .. ' . .
\l:l|‘_lnl'|r' Lyons. .lczin .\lc.\'cll, Virginia MIP' 00111115 Wm. be gueSt‘s‘
iiimn. mm. .\lincli. lluynl .\luill'oc. Cinderella to Reign
lizriirl \inonoy, \l:iri|i;i .\lIII‘|IlI,\'. V.\':Ili| Pierce Hall's than“; will be “le1..
,il'r‘ \liri'I'.rv.‘Sr-|in:| .\:|Ili'l.l.‘\lillilINHlillll. derella Ball... according to June
lllrilii.|\ I) lulll‘ii. .iolin Utniiilr‘l. .\|.iI . , . y
in“ on“... “mu-m. n.1,...” ,|.,.,.,,,.. in”. Whitenian 50 and Martha Downey
mm. .\r'nolrl lilcc. chin]. Hos-c. 'I‘licn 51. Co-Chairmen. Cinderella, who
'lvl‘l‘ SHIP”); Ill""!"1" Si‘llifllfl-l “Q'l'lmf' will reign on a throne resembling a
"c:!;...1:.'.;'."  glass supper. will be erected 
rim” soot. inriir... Triumph... l-‘rcll anions theiqllowins girls: Mary
i‘l'll'h ‘I‘rus-mo. llulh \l'nliw‘. Inh- Frisk '50, Virginia Norton ‘51. Jane
l‘}:","_";l"‘\'\’."' ,“"""i,'."; I“"""\'\'.”.:'f‘ \I‘I‘L'ﬂ'lj' Halt '52. Marilyn Hiller and Peggy
“Jill'i-fl‘lh \'\‘.'lflf;]"'-l “‘I,-i‘l.';mrl; ",‘iﬁlllﬁqu Smith. fresmnen. The other four
l 'nn Who.» I girls will comprise the queen's court.
\‘h'ﬁ’ ‘t'ln'l’l'ﬂ‘ p‘llli't'l‘“l;}:E‘:”‘l‘:-II‘llll"‘""{' Before taking her seat on the
" ‘ i .' ' ' , i‘ I i " I2 " ‘ . .
full“ film-o Eli-won li:riil<ll wmﬁwr throne in the Dmk and silver deco-
v 1:»; .I.3rnm.- i:.-rn.i.~ni. .\m..- riiied Ingle Room. the queen will be
|‘-I'.I:I~i'll. l'.I|I‘lr'l:l lil‘dil). lilllll lil'l'i'll. (ii-()“rned by  year's queen. Fay
i'ir'r'ln>i’lllii’iiliii' iiriilii illii-Ii'"li-orhilmi‘ me‘ms 51'
,,,.,ﬁ,\,.,." “"1".” l,,.',,,,.,.\'l\-,,|., I.“ Committee Chairmen arc: Tick-
III.Ii'~. um l";ir|--. .iw-pi. i'ri.~.|m.~rn. cis. Pairicra Devrtt 52: Refresh-
Sin- Hallo, .lu;in (trim, .\Illll'l'\\' lirm-u ments. Aliki Almstoljdes '53; Decol-a-
<" "-l i‘r\< ."'y ;~'- . .
dill-Ii lift-"ill tll'l’iyiludlilllll‘lctliI i‘hlrl; “on-“r leml VYSChl‘adi and CM”
lloliond. iziyn.» l|o\\':il'il. William |~lu-.\. IN'I'Olles. Virginia Norton. Juniors.
rum-iii. .|.ri. .lzinn-s .liusio. .\l|Ir'l'l Chupci'ones ior the evening are
|\':ir-liu. l-Ilinmln Kilillng, l'uIIl l\'ir.~cli. Roswell Fail-bank Supervisor in

(Crmlimu‘d on Page 0‘, Column!)

 Announces

New Placements

Additional placements for the year
1050-51 Iiiivc bccn announced by El-
mcr C. Miiilicivs, Director of the
'I‘cuclici' Placement. Bill't‘illl. They
arc as follows: ’I‘honnis O‘Bi'icn ‘50,
Middlcburg Ccnlrn] School. English
il-lB: Prank Lcuch ‘50. Corinth. Eng-
lish. Socizil Studies: Ruth Wiilcs ‘50.
()swcgo High School. Luiin 2. 3;
(lcorgc (.‘hi'isiy '50. Cusilclon. Eng-
lish; Annc Ko/lowski '50, Endicoii.
English ll; Catherine Fleming '50.
Qucciisburg School. (llciis Frills.
Junior High Moihcmniics: llllil Mur-
iin liush. ("rrnduuic. Rcd I-Iook. 151m:-
Iish. l"rcnch.

ix'nowlion Coulu ‘50 has sccin'cd 21
position wilh lhc llcpiii'imcni of [ii-
lci'iml llcvcnuc. Ncwbiii'gh. Ncw
York.

CSPA Names Eade
To Executive Board

Al lhc 'l'\\'i‘l1l_\"slxili Annuiil (‘on-
\‘ciilioii of ilic (‘olunibiii Scholnsiic
l’rcss Association hcld lusl wcck in

Commerce, and Mrs. Fairbanks;
Arthur Jones. instructor in Physics,
and Mrs. Jones; and Dr. Ralph Ken-
ny. Professor of Guidance, and Mrs.
Kenny.

Music will be furnished for Sayles
by Don Burt's orchestra. and for
Pier-cc by Oriiiond Frost and his
orchestra.

By (BORSKIIC :lml GROSSMAN

couniry for l'i‘iil rurnl livin'! Just
visit lhc hulls of Lower Drnpcr to
scc corn siulks. mull boxes, pickct
fcnccs and othci' signs of rural life.

icsy of Terry Porto and her pub-
liciiy commit'cc. iidvcriislng the
Sopli Big-4, “Country Style." to be
produccd March 25.

llciwccn ihc siicczcs of Joycc Lcu-
viii nod ilic hobbling of Jean Scy—
mour. progrcss hus been made on
rchcui'siils. "Country Style" is the
liilc of ihc crazy udvciilurcs of thc
coni'nscd Knilicui. family. 'I‘hc prin-
cipuls include Mn and Pu Kulllcut
whosc monihlv donghicrs. March.
April. May and Jiinc. nrc constantly
courling ihcir lile’ lovcrs. ilic .iond

NM" “Wk pm" .1)” Pm“ ""'l"“" bovs (‘lnrcncc. Acls. Lukc, und
NH” “"le‘l PH“ Mimi “"“HH‘ John. of coursc thcrc are other
which is u :.ccond ruling. in lhc

churncici's io lcnd spicc lo the nur-
l'iiii\'i‘. such us the villainous bunk-
ci'. ilic dumb slicriii‘. ihc pi'cuchin'
purson. the city slickcr. and the city
sli‘cii.

'l‘cnchcrs' (‘ollciic Division ncwspn-
pcl‘ colilcsi.

Vicloi‘lu lriudc ‘oﬂ. Sophomore llcsk
l'ldllor, was clcclcd as the i‘cpi'cscni-
iiilvc oi 'I‘cuchcrs' Collcgcs of New
York Sinlc lo the irixcculch Board
of ilic 'l‘cnchcrs' Collcgc Division of
lhc (Tolumbiu Scholastic Press Asso-
chiiion.

'i‘hc scvcn mcnibcrs of lhc Nch
shill who niiciidcd the convention
lourcd lhc New York Times Build-
ing. und hciii'd speakers from the
New York Times. and from other
ieiiclici‘ colleges.

“Spidcr” Pccnc and Jess llnriicli
llith‘ bccn alternating iii illc pinno
whilc Pni Dorgusch trips diincc rou—
ilncs.

The production will include two
of Jess‘s original songs. "The Waltz"
and "The Perfect Acme."

Behind the scenes. the masters of
glue and paint, bonded by Bob Don-

ull brought to you through the cour- I

7 Homeless Puppies

Seeking Guardians

Anybody want a pup? Howard
Flierl’s (Social Studies Depart-
ment) dog has blessed him with
seven “illegitimate” purps.

Celebrating their third-week-
ish birthday yesterday, the seven
(ﬁve males and two females)
are looking for a home. Reddish-
tan in color, the young 'uns owe
half of their heritage to a setter
mother. The father is unidenti-
ﬁed. Most of the pups have a
white spot on their foreheads.

They are still as nameless as
their father's ideiitity——thus per-
mitting you to name your own.
The mother strayed on to her
primrose path leaving Mr. Flier]
holding the pups. (So he says.)

Flierl is trying to find decent
homes for his semi-orphans—
when they are six weeks old they
can be taken away from their
mother. Flier] lives at 12 Borth-
wick Avenue. Delmar. (phone
9-3354)

If you can, why not trot over
there and pick out your favorite
pup. They're for free!

 

Library Offers
Masters Degree

A Master of Science in Library
Science now comprises the gradu-
ate degrec being offered by the State
College Library Department. The de-
gree of Bachelor of Science in Li-
brary Science will no longer be giv-
en. Robert S. Burgess. Professor of
Librarianship announces. This
change necessitates some alteration
in the program.

Undergraduate study to the extent
of sixteen hours work will still be
offered by the department. However.
undergraduate majors will no longer
be permitted. This training will
qualify the student to take the Civil
Service examination for library as-
sistant «salary $248M.

Several curriculum changes have
been made. Two new courses will
be offered next year; an undergrad-
uate coursc "Introduction to Librar-
ianship" and ii graduate "Seminar in
Librarizmship." Courses now closcd
to [he imdcrgraduuie nrc: Libraries
and Librarianship. Reader and Di-
recting of Reading, Advanced Culti-
loghig. History of Books. illl(l
Reference.

scis whilc Terry Mulliinc's scwing
circle has been preparing the ging-
hniii costumes.

All in oil. “Country Siylc" prom-

TPB Panel To Highlight

Compulsory

At Wednesday night's St
pulsory assembly program for
concerning Election Commiss

Assembly

udent Council meeting the com-
.today, a motion from Myskania
ion, the proposal that Student

(‘ouncil give financial support to delegates who attend a
camp for counsellors sponsored by Life magazine, and the

 

Crews To Begin
Excavation Soon

On New Wing

Excavation for the new commerce
building will begin any day now, ac—
cording to Dr. Evan R. Collins, Pres-
ident. In other words, the noise has
not yet begun. With the beginning
of the excavation will come the
building of a partition over the main
stairway in Draper. Students will
have to use the side stairwriys to
get to the second and lower floors
of Draper. Miss Edith R .Hntch,
Typist, will move her office from the
baseman floor of Draper beneath
the stairway to ihe annex in lower
Husted.

Up to now. the construction men
have been removing all obstacles on
the exterior which have been hinder-
ing the work of excavation .By next
week. the main stairway from the
basement to the second floor will
be blocked off; at ll later dale,
the section bciwccn the second and
third floors will also be blocked off
from student use. The steel work
will begin the first of May. Brick-
laying. the adding of limestone and
the facing will begin during the
middle of May. On the ﬁrst of July
the building of the. interior parti—
lions will start. The completion of
the building is cxpcclctl about Jilly.
1951. All the present floors of Dra—
pcr Hall will be extended to the new
building. including the basement
floor level.

In Novmnbcr. bids were being re-
ccchd for construction of an acidi-
iion and for :ilicrnllons to Draper
Hall by Bcrirnin D. Tulluniy. State
Superintendent of Public Works. In
December. contmciors for plumbing.
heating and electrical \vork were be-
ing notified of icniutivc contracts
for thc consi ruciion of ihe commerce
building.

Sophs Collect Rural Atmosphere For Big-4 Production

You (pm-i mm. to “w. m u“. nclly. have been busy constructing iscs to give you n coniplcic cvcning

of cntcrlninmcnt that will not be
cnsily forgoiicn.
The show iii'iiclc miiy sccin slight-

ly prciudiccd . . . ii is.

 

Soplis whoop it up “Country Style" at rehearsal for Big-4. Stand-
ing I. to It. Gordon Bennett, Jeanne Seymour, Henry Smith and Joan
Bennett. Sitting: Edward Kyle and Kathleen llyiui.

possibility of obtaining discounts in
some Albany stores were discussed.

According to Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
Dean of the College, Graduate Stu-
dents will not be excused from their
classes to attend the assembly to-
day. Attendance is compulsory for
all students having assembly seats
and the panel discussion sponsored
by the Teacher Placement Bureau
will be held. The purpose of this
program is to inform the Student
Body about what is expected of them
as future teachers by their Princi-
pals.

List Panel Speakers

The participants will include Glen
E. Bretsch. Supervising Principal of
Colonic CentralSchooi; Donald Bar-
ker. Supervising Principal of Ra-
vena-Coeymans Central School and
1er State alumni: Jane O'Brien
and Louella Huntington. Miss
O'Brien has been teaching for two
years at Schenevus. All Seniors and
Grads who do not have classes are
especially invited.

Student Council voted to refer
Myskania's motion to the constitu-
iional committe which will draw up
a; Constitution for Election Commis-
sion.

Reveal Student Council Action

It was decided that Student Coun-
cil will not give ﬁnancial support to
anyone attending a summer course
for counsellors at a camp in New
Jersey, However, if will publicize
this oiTer by Life magazine. This
course is opened to all men in the
College and will take place for ten
days after the spring semester.

Several stores on Central Avenue
have agreed to give discounts to
State students and further details
concerning this matter will be an-
nounced by Student Council.

Grads Schedule
Dance ForTonight

'i‘hc Shite College Association of
Graduates is holding a dance tonight
from 8 pm. to 12 midnight, in the
Commons. according to Charles Ci-
nccio. Graduate, President. All grud—
uiiics. faculty. and their guests are
invich to intend.

Donald O‘Hnrc. Graduate .is
Chairman of the affair. Other mem-
bcrs of ihc diincc committee ill‘C‘ Ni-
nu F‘cnscn. Audrey Grccne, Leland
Hickhng. Curol Ln Rowe, Jo Ann
Morril. illl(l Lee Phillips, Graduates.
Gerry Vinctic's irio will entertain,
and ihcrc will be additional enlcr-
iuinnicni. ’l‘hc rcfrcslnnciits will iii-
cludc ice cream. coffee. cookies. and
coke.

Seniors Approve
Palace For Graduation

A cin'rcni topic of interest among
Seniors has bccn the question of
whcrc io holzi graduation exercises.
Page Hull. used in former yenrs.
was dccnicd loo small to iiccoinmo-
doic siiidcnis and gucsis. so anoth-
ci' plncc wos bcing soughl.

Al lhc Scnior cluss mcciing held
ycsici'diiy noon. incinbers of lhc
cluss voted to hold griiduuiion cere—
monlcs in li‘iibiiin's Palace Theatre.
sci dutcs for iliclr Bull and Buli-
onci. and sci ilic number 30 to rep-
riscni n quorum in meetings.

The grnduutcs guvc their approan
prcviousiy to any place the Seniors
might dccidc to hold the ceremony;
ilie faculty already having voted
unanimously on the Theatre site.

June 16 was sci us the date for
their Senior Bull, and June 15, for
ihe cliiss bouquet.

Enrlc Jones \vus elected chairman
of Class Day Activities by the class.

 

