 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20. 1950

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
EOTAILIIHID MAY III.
BY THI CLAII OF 7.1.

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
October 20, 1960

 

VOL. XXXV

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers; published every Friday of? the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Fennel, 2-0012; Wolfe, 80-0312; Milk, 5-0311. Meni-
bers of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to 11:30 p. ill. at 3-0407.

MARYi FENZEL - - - - - - - - - Editor-ln-Chlef
GOLDIE SWARTZ - - - - - - (lo-Managing Editor
GERALD DUNN - - - - - - - Co-Mimauing Editor
EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
IIARVEY MILK - - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
PAUL BUCIIMAN ~ - - - - - Senior Sports Member
BEVERLY KUHLKIN - - - - - Circulation Manager
JANE COOK - - - - - - - - - Advertising Manager
JOSEPH I‘URDY - - - - - - - - Business Menage!

CECELIA DATTISTI - - - - - - - Exchange Editor
NORINE CARGILL - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
VICTORIA EADE - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
GRACE SMITH - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications’
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

-2

Another Scandal

“Lieut. Gov. Joe Hanley’s Letter giving the
earthy details of why he changed his mind about
running for Governor proves once again that poli-
ticians should telephone not write. Fuller explana-
tions are in order, and they are already under way'.
The smell so far is not pleasant, but we think that
in fairness to men whose uprightness in ofﬁce has
never before been questioned, it is permissable,
and perhaps the only fair thing to do, to wait a
day or two to hear the defense in full. We shall do
that.” The above editorial apeared in the New York
Times Wednesday, October 17.

 

Does a “smear” campaign like that mentioned
above affect the results at the polls on November
7? We believe that it does.

When a political party in this state, or in the
country finds some “shady” or questionable inci-
dent in the past of a candidate for ofﬁce, the race
is on. Newspapers and radio newscasters through-
out the country cooperate by carrying full cover-
age of the “biow-by-blow battle" as one political
party throws the insults and the other, its face at
stake. indignantly responds with other insults.
(The point is not that newspapers and radio
shouldn't carry ftill news of every happening that
occurs in politics. They should report what is hap-
pening truthfully. Their manner of scnsationaliz-
ing, however, doesn't give the average voter a
truthful picture of what is happening.)

As it result of this cmotionalizcd publicity many
voters change their minds.

in the above editorial the 'I‘imcr shows the ma-
ttirity and intelligence of its editorial policy-makers.
They have not been swayed by this current fccling.

How does this affect us? When it student voter
fills out the absentee ballot or closes the curtain of
the clcction booth in two weeks he will have to
make an attempt to vote intelligently and can be
affected.

Under the hypothesis that a State student is or
can be intelligent in his voting, he will consider
that this is a “smear” campaign. Post news re-
leases have not shown Hanlcy to be dishonest.
Whether he is or is not dishonest scents to be as ir-
relevant as whether he is a Republican or a Dem-
ocrat.

The intelligent voter will realize that this is one
in a series of campaigns which occur in our po-
litical setup. He will realize that although there
are some people representing us in our government
who are honestly trying to do their best for the
most, many powerful leaders and the machines
behind them use unfair practices to win elections.

(in November 7 this voter will add up past ex-
perience and records and potentialities of all can-
didates. He will "wait a day or two to hear the
defense in full.” He will be aware that voters are
continually deceived by sensational publicity by
all political parties, and he will face the lllt‘Vlitl-
biiitv that although our systcm of government is
Sound, it is misused by many. He will vote in-
tclligciitiy!

We extend to “r. and Mrs. Lang our deepest
syiiipzitiiy on the tragic dciitb of their daughter.
Lorna. who dicd ()ctobcr i7, WSO at llt‘l' iioiiic,
45$ “rs-tern Avriiiic.

a. .40.... o;

 

It gets to be contagious—this hab-
it of ours—no matter what it is—

the administration—they all come
under the scrutiny of the “griper.”
Certainly a gripe is contagious—it
spreads fast—but so does enthusi-
asm.

Let's examine a few of the per-
petual gripes of State College stu-
dents from a positive point of view
rather than from the usual nega-
tive. Take the faculty for instance—
they are often criticized for lacking
school loyalty by many who over-
look the fact that they are a. com-
muting faculty. They have to travel
a number of miles to college each
day making it difﬁcult for them to
come in at the drop of a hat. This
doesn't mean they are not interest-
ed—on the contrary—it; does mean,
however, that they are severely hin-
dered by the lack of a central loca-
tion as they’re scattered from Del-
mar to East Greenbush. Why not
mention such faculty contributions
as—the show at Girls’ Frosh Camp,
the English Evenings, Dr. Cooper's
hospitality at the annual Commerce
Club Picnic, Miss Johnston’s for
WAA'ers, their willingness to chap-
erone dances at State, their spon-
sorship of sororities and fraternities
by their membership—and perhaps
the most important, giving a guid-
ing hand and much time in their
capacities as advisors to student or-
ganizations.

While we're on the positive side,
let's look at our own "student" spir-
it. Sarcastic remarks are made
around town about our athletic pro-
gram—most of it with our encour-
agement. This author is especially
concerned with the attitude which
is, perhaps, the bigest drawback to
the enthusiasm we all want. Facing
the reality that we aren’t ever going
to be a Notre Dame and adjusting
ourselves accordingly, we don't have
to withdraw completely—why not
direct our efforts toward making
that which we have into something
we can be proud of. Perhaps, with
soccer we have the beginnings. A
Rooters‘ Club is being formed—par-
ticipation will make it real. Now.
instead of sitting back and griping.
why not let out that excess energy
in cheering? There's nothing like it
when a mob pushes a team on—but
don't take my word for it—try it
and see.

As for the college—we've a lot to
look up to. For years we've been
traditionally called a scholarly group
-—the “quelques-uns-qui-sont chols-
is" ttranslaMon—selected fowl—a
normal school with no campus and
an "old school" administration. Al-
though trnditlon is strong at; State
College, we‘ve made progress. I'm
not here to “laud the fame of SCT,"
but one does get tired of hearing
people apologizing for attending
State College. Where else have

C'me

To the Editor:

Do you want a net for the new
ping-pong table? Well, have pn-
tience and before long you will have
one. You see. the table itself was
bought. out of the Big-4 fund and
the not. will also be purchased out.
of this fund. Campus Commission
has nothing to do with it. The only
thing that. I could do about it was
to seek the proper source and relay
the messages that some of the stu-
dent body askcd me to deliver.
When the net gets here. Campus
Commission will take care of it and
will see to it that it remains in good
condition. (Incidentally. starting
next week there will be some extra
ping-pong balls and paddles which
may he signed for at the CC. (leak
and put into use.i

So. Student Association, 1 repeat.
please havo patience and very soon
the purchase of the not should
be completed and then you may on-
joy the two ping-pong tables.

Virginia Norton '51

 

 

Editor's Note: Alter this letter
went to the printer 'l‘uesday. the
author of this letter informed the
News that the net for the ping-pong
table had been obtained and ill-
stalled.

By PHYLLIS HARRIS

Alums of Teachers Colleges been
active and loyal enough to donate

No. 5 an organization, subject, professor, funds for the erection of dorms—

Though Life cites Montclair State
Teachers College as being outstand-
ing—what would be their opinion
if they just got a blrd's-eye-view of
State—What with our "peculiar ex-
cellence" of liberal arts and profes-
sional training combined, our grad-
uates are eligible for BA rather
than the Bachelor of Education de-
gree which is offered by many of
the outstanding colleges in the
State.

Aside from the academic stand-
point, there is always the social ele-
ment to be considered. You must
admit that the absence of social
castes on campus is an unusual fea-
ture where colleges are concerned.
You pick your buddies because you
like them—not because they’re in
the “right income" bracket. I’d hate
to have to buy a fur coat—just be-
cause my friends thought it was the
thing to do.

Perhaps some of you are thinking
by this time, that poor Phyi Harris
has become ill or has a fatal dis-
easewwell—if it ls—I hope it's con-
tagious—and if it is contagious—
I hope everyone gets it—Once they
do—I challenge the wise guy to say
——“So you go to State College—
huh"—He might have a good ﬁght
on his hands.

 

‘7um'n’ In 711.2 7044M

By LOU BEHRINGER

 

Opening night at the Playhouse!
Tuesday night the Albany Play-
house opened its fourth season with
“Harvey,” by Mary Chase. The play
will run three weeks, with Malcolm
Atterbury as Elwood P. Doud. the
very nice fellow who likes his drink
just a little too much. Atterbury did
an excellent job with the role of
Mr. Doud, and his scenes with Har-
vey were priceless. Harvey. of course,
is the six-foot tall rabbit who fol-
lows Elwood around everywhere.
One of the most enjoyable scenes
was the one in which the lights were
lowered on the stage, a door opened
on stage right, a few seconds passed,
and the door on stage left opened
and closed. Harvey was passing
through.

Two of the other stars in the cast
are Mary Farrell. who plays Veta
Louise Simmons, and Geraldine
Probst, who plays Veta's daughter,
Myrtle Mae. Miss Farrell is married
to Harry Young, who is the stage cli-
rector for the Playhouse. Miss
Probst is making her debut this
season at the Playhouse. She has
previously worked three years in
summer stock and also in radio and
television.

Other members of Who‘s Who at
the Playhouse include Malcolm At-
tcrbury and his wife, Ellen Hurdles.
who are well-known to State stu-
dents. Last night Miss Hurdles had
to take over the role of Mrs. Ethel
Chauvenet for Miss Dtiinle Smith,
who was taken 111. Mr. Attei'biiry
and Miss Hurdles have done much
work in summer stock and on
Broadway as well as touring Army
camps during the war.

Nancy Cushmnn is back at the
Playhouse this season. Her husband,
Duncan Baldwin. is also at the Play-
house, and both he and his wife
have just completed a tour with the
road company of “Death of a Sales-
man."

A star that the Playhouse had
been trying to get for the past few
years is Roberta Jonny, the wife of
Judson Pratt. She has had so many
television and movie commitments
that this is the first time she has
been able to make it to Albany for
the theatre season. Miss Jenny is
with Bing Crosby mid Alan Ladd in
the movies. Miss Jenny is best
known for her lead in the Broad-
way production of "Allegro."

When I was talking with Joe
Keefe, who Works at the Playhouge,
about "Harvey," I asked hlin if our
Student. tax would again pay for
part of l’liiyiiotlsc tickets this year.
He said that the rates were the
some as last year, which means that
on Tuesday through Friday nights
students can go to the Playhouse
for Student tax and 75 cents.

I gamma-Stale»
. By GORSKIE and KYLE

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

PED PICS . . .

The week before last we inquired about the reason
for everyone having to get a new picture taken for the
Ped this year . . answer is as follows . . . a new
type of print is being used which requires different
highlighting effects if the portraits are to look good
. . . if the pictures turn out better than last year'S,
we say all well and good.

FACE LIFTING . . .

Nice to see that Phi Dell: is ﬁnally slapping a new
coat of paint on 149 . . . it has needed it for quite a
while . . . we knew you girls would get around to it
. . . KD looks pretty smooth, too, in its new cream
and green job . . . same colors, same painters . . .
did you girls get together on this?

SMOKER’S COMPLAINT . . .

Just wondering why sixty dollars was spent for
ashtrays in the Lounge when no smoking is allowed
there until four-thirty . . . and why you can’t walk
from the Commons outside with a cigarette.

WHOOPEE WILEY . . .

Hear you came up with a tremendous net proﬁt.
from Activities Day . . . thirty-four cents can buy
quite a lot . . . use it wisely!

PROPOSED REVISION . . .
Of the D and A constitution is really good news
. and we hope it goes through . . . included in it
is a new afﬁliate group which has a closer connec-
tion with the Council than the regular tryouts . . .
ﬁfty hours of work will be required before election to
the group . . . here is a chance for those students
who work hard but don't quite make Council to get
the recognition they deserve . . . another new consti-
tution in the offing is Debate Council's . . . which,
judging by the recent mix-up, seems to need one.

CUTIES 0N PARADE . . .

This year, for a more scientiﬁc observation of
feminine pulchritude at State, the class presidents
are gomg to review the nominees for attendants and
ushers to the Campus Queen . . . may we suggest
bathing suits? . . . some fellows have all the luck!

HOW ABOUT . . .

A new_class bulletin board . . . it's obvious by the
itilotices piled three layers deep that we have outgrown
its one.

THE PROS" . . .

Have made seine kind of record (all-time, We think:
. . . thirty-two candidates up for Student Council . . .
the four who win should really be tops . . . for cha
Zwicback's sake we hope they don‘t number preferen-
tially straight down the line . . . you know the sys-
tem: 1, 2. 3, 4, . . . and the XYZ's take the beating.

A PENNY SAVED . .

t The search for discounts for State College students
in Albany goes on . . . enlightened businessmen now
offering reductions are: the Vogue Shop, the Corbettc
Bootery. the Blue Note Music Store, the Soul, the
Snappy Men's Haberdashery, the Colonial Theater,
and the Playhouse . . . right now they're working on
a discount from Olcndorf‘s Confectionery . , . which,
judging by the recent. mix-up, seems to need one.

OPEN SEASON . . .

On freshmen . . . with the inter-fraternity smoker
and inter-sorority social . rushing has now of-
ﬁcially started . . . but remember, fi'osh. it lasts a
long time so don't be “rushed” into anything.

HURRY! HURRY! HURRY! . .

Step right up ladies and gentlemen and hop on the
band wagon . . . you say you‘re going to fail your
mid-sems . . . you say you got the miseries . . . tell
you what we're gonna do . . . join the Kuklapolitiin
Fan Club for peace of mind . . . the only reason
we don't have television in the Lounge now is be-
cause . . . we're waiting for color.

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20

1.30-

3130 pm. Book Sale, outside Commons.

8 pm. English Evening, Lounge.

8-11 pm. Inter-Sorority Social. Page Gym.

SATURDAY. OCTOBER 2i

12:30 pm. Rivalry Pushball game.
8-12 pm. Masquerade Ball, Commons.
8-12 pm. Van Dei'zce Open House.

SUNDAY. OCTOBER 22

2- 4 pm. Alpha Epsilon Phi Facility Tea.
3- 5 [MIL Chi Sigma ’i‘het.a Faculty Tea.
3- 5 pin. Pierce I-lall Open House.

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24

12 noon Class meetings: Seniors, Draper 200; Jun-
iors, Auditorium; Sophomores, Lounge;
freshmen, Richardson 20.

12 noon Herbert‘s opci'ctta "Eileen," Richardson 2ft.

3:30-5pin. Utah Centennial Choir, Loungc.

7—ll::i()p.iii. Canterbury Club meeting, St. Andrew's
Church.

8:30 pm. AI) Plays, Page Hall.

WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 25
11:30 pm. ii'i‘t‘llf'll Club meeting. Lounge.

'l‘lll‘llSDAY. ()("l‘OIlER :26
ii pin. i’aii Amigos meeting. Commons.

' By HARVEY MILK

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY: OCTOBER 20. 1930

PAOI O

 

ll’o Gac
445%! Me
Bu! . . .

 

 

It seems that we aren't the only
college plagued with a lack of spirit.
Siena has the same trouble. Tues-
day’s soccer game at Siena was
proof enough. A handfull of loyal
statesmen went to see Coach Gar-
cia’s boys rack up their third
straight win and they outnumbered
the Siena fans.

Last week's “Bleacher Preachers."
a weekly column in the Siena News
read—“We would like to dedicate
this week’s column to the fostering
of something which this school
needs more than anything else. that
is school spirit." It goes on and
closes with "Sometimes we do ﬁnd
a few supporting all the activities
which are held. But you cannot run
a college with support of but; 50 stu-
dents out of a total of 1900." Move
over Siena, State is right. with you.

Speaking of spirit, I think the
one group on campus that could be
the spiritual leader of the college,
and should be, is Myskania. They
are the leaders of Rivalry and the
whole student body. But when it
comes to any athletic event, other
than Rivalry, where are they? Tues-
day’s game was at 3:30 p.m., and
who had a meeting at 4:30 p.m.?
I guess they really couldn't have
held their meeting at night because
they had a special guest—Debate
Council was there, a group which
has been complaining of the lack of
support at their debates, but did
they think of attending the soccer
game.

We still have one home game left
—maybe two if we can get another
scheduled—let’s not have any other
meetings for that time, including
intramural football. If thesegames‘
can be canceled because of the Mys-
kania-fi‘osh hockey game and the
Pushball game I hope they can be
cancelled because of the varsity soc-
cer games. How about it. Bob?

If Winchell can give orchids for
someone's deeds I can give the
whole flower shop to Coach Garcia
and the soccer team. They have
really brought home the bacon and
given us something to talk and rave
about. Keep up the good work, boys
—it’s terriﬁc.

Garcia has also issued the call
for all statesmen who are interested
in wrestling. Knowledge of the sport
is not necessary. If you want to
help start a wrestling club sign up
with the coach today or next week
so he can get his plans underway.
This may be the first step to :1 var-
sity team.

Bet there will be more people at
the l’ushbail game tomorrow than
at any soccer game. after all, it's for
Rivalry. and that’s more important
here at State—TRADITION.

There have been more cancelled
games this year in the intramural
football season than in any other
year. Games have been called off at,
12:30 pm. because of a rain that
stopped at 1:30 pm. three hours be-
fore gamc time. Afraid of a little
mud? There was a game called off
because there wasn't it enough lime
on the field—didn't see those who
complained help lime the field when
the call for help went out——as I
said in my column of September 29.
let's have less complaining and more
work. Or is that Tradition, too!

Things get pretty bad when a pc-
tition has to be signed in an at-
tempt to get a decent meal. When
eleven members out for varsity
sports have to come home to a meal
fit for someone on a diet. things
are really bad. It seems that the
boys at 'l‘hiirlow want to be fed
can't blame them, would like to
DC“) them.

With the large turnout for the ten-
nis lournics and the approach of
old man winter it looks like the
matches will llt‘Vl‘l‘ be completed un-
til the spring. It would be a good
idea to hold the tourney in the
spring when early nightfall and cold
weather won't hamper the matches.
Maybe we can form a tennis team
again. Last. year we had no team
because of no coach can llt'Vt‘l' tell
about this your.

H.F.Hoiiikel & Son

Pharmacists
F‘otiiidcti 1005 Phone 4-8036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

BOW"?! Tam" Boaters Seek Fourth in Row

Against ABC; Trip Siena 1-0

Coach Joe Garcia’s men won their third straight soccer game on
Tuesday, by downing the Siena Indians, 1-0. Bill McCormick blast-
ed the ball through the Siena defense with 12 minutes of the
fourth quarter gone to give the Statesmen their third win out of

Defeats Siena,

Bows To ABC

A week ago Wednesday, State's
bowling team began the new season
by downing Siena two games to one
on the latter's home alleys.

This past; Wednesday, State‘s keg-
lers were defeated by a strengthened
ABC team. two matches to one. A
large part of this can be attributed
to the fact that Captain Don Mc-
Donald did not bowl in the first two
sets but rolled the high game for
the night, a 242, in the third set to
lead State to its win.

Next week State rolls Pharmacy.

Last week's totals were as follows:

Siena 1 2 3 To.
Searchfield ...... .. 137 183 320
Riehl ......... .. 163 156 170 489

 
  
   

 

Clark ...... .. 183 141 324
Nochberg 151 167 155 473
Goldie ....... .. 192 156 158 506
Kennedy . 137 137
Arsenauit .......... .. 115 115

Totals ...... .. 826 735 803 2364
State 2 3 To.
Lamanna  114 272
Burt ......... .. 137 288
Sinkledam . .. 168 175 510
Reno ......... .. .. 155 324
McDonald 172 186 526
Cassette ............ ,. 144 144
Corsi .................. .. 173 176 349

Totals ...... .. 783 805 825 2413

Lamanna Stars,

Potter Wins 12-6

Potter Club scored their second
win of the year by downing a sur-
prisingly tough Capital District All
Star team, 12-6. The defending
champs showed power in the first,
quarter as they plowed their way
to the CDAS' 5-yard line. Here the
All-Stars‘ defense stiffened and took
the ball on downs. After an ex-
change of punts. EEP began to move
once more. On the third play of the
second quarter Lamanna raced
around his own left end. reversed
his ﬁeld, picked up a couple of solid
blocks and scooted 45 yards to the
first touchdown of the game.

The first time EEP got their
hands on the ball in the next half,
they moved to a score. At this stage
of the game. Charlie Ventimiglia
took over the offensive show and
directed his CDAS club to four first.
downs and a touchdown. Charlie
ran for 18, passed to Duncomb and
Wander for 30 yards and then pitch-
ed a strike to Frank De Gregorio in
the end zone. This score represented
the first points scored on a Potter
team since early in the 1948 season.
Potter ........................ .. 0 6 6 0—12
(‘DAS ........................ .. 0 0 6 0—- 6

71/1414 Noted

Swimming has been chaling from
a winter sport to a your sport be—
cause the Red Cross is opening
courses now. Credit for swimming
may be claimed only in one season.

Aliki Apostolidcs and Mary Lou
Reed were elected Ping-Pong cap-
tains and that sport too has been
changed from a winter sport to a
year round sport.
| Archery has been changed from
Tuesday to Wednesday. Now it is on
Wednesdays and Thursdays.
Freshman Nominations Still ()pcu

Today at 4:30 pm. nominations
for the freshman representative to
MAA will be closed. It's not too late
to nominate your candidates—place
names in MAA mailbox.

 

Waldorf

()I'EN I).-\ Y

 

“A (“lean Place To Eat”

167 (‘cntral Ave.

 

Commuters Lose

TO  

KDR continued its battle for ﬁrst
place in the Page League by rack-
ing up the Commuters by a score
of 27 to 6.

In the very first period, Sinkledam
blocked a kick by Scott on the Com-
muters' 15 and four plays later KDR
had its ﬁrst touchdown on a. pass
from Wiley to Hausner.

The Commuters then got as far
the KDR 20 but lost the ball on
downs. Palmer then took a short
flip from Hausner and raced 35
yards for the next score. He was al-
most caught at the goal line, as the
Commuter safety man, Judd, made
a great but futile diving tag.

The Commuters’ best drive occur-
red early in the second quarter
when, sparked by the passing of
Morrissey, they drove all the way
to score from their own 10. How-
ever. this marker was soon balanced
as the speedy Gorman intercepted
and returned to the 10-yard line.
Hausner then threw two passes to
Wiley, resulting in a touchdown.

14607—27
0600—6

HDR ........................ ..
Commuters

Annex ’Vicfor' Over
Panthers By 26-0

Paul Victor pulled a one-man
gang stunt as the Annex rolled over
a ciawless Panther team, 26—0. Vic-
tor scored all four of his team’s
TD's. On the ﬁrst play of the game
he took a pass from Lyn Lewis and
raced 30 yards for the score. Before
the Panthers could recover from the
shock, the same combination had
hooked up in another touchdown
pass. The play covered 54 yards.
The second period was featured by
an exchange of punts. The Annex
threatened but a brilliant intercep—
tion by Arnie Smith foiled them as
the half came to a close.

A snappy 32—yard pass-lateral play
gave Victor his third TD. Reuss
flipped to Lewis. who latcraled to
Victor and the victors, more or less,
led 19-0.'The Panthers formulated
their first power at this time and
rolled all the way to the Annex 8
before Victor intercepted to stop
their threat.

Late in the ﬁnal periodpne of
Sven Sloth's passes was again pick-
ed off by Victor and this time he
picked up a few valuable blocks and
went 57 yards for the final score of

the game.

  

12 0 7 7—26

 

 

 ........................ .. o 0 0 0—— o
BLUE NOTE SHOP
62-0221

156 Central Ave.
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

10% Discount to Students

“STYLES OI" TODAY”

Mos. lines,

232 CENTRAL AVENUE
Next to Morris Diner

 

Cafeteria

AND Nl(ill’|‘

 

four games this year. A return
wyck on November 3.

whipping they received from the

Frosh Iii-Tackle
Sophs in Pushball

Tomorrow at; one o’clock the
freshmen and the Sophomores will
engage in a battle of brawn. It’s the
annual rivalry pushball game.

Page Field will be the scene of
the traditional battle and as usual
it is impossible to predict the win-
ner or the number of injuries. The
only people who receive any enjoy—
ment out of the game are the whistle
tooters; they will be Paul Cartier,
Bill Dunn, and Dave Clark. Harvey
Milk will be the official time keep—
er for the massacre.

Tom Hoppey will lead the frosh
in an attempt to gain two rivalry
points and the leader of the Sophs
is Frank Fay. Jim Warden and Bill
Englehart will handle the substitu-
tions for the teams, Jim for ’53 and
Bill for '54.

Here is your chance to come out:
and see the beginning of rivalry,
and. to some, the end of rivalry.

Blattman Runs Wild
As KB Beats 5L5

A powerful running attack by KB
gave them a 15-6 victory over SLS
in a fast moving game Wednesday.

Abel Blattman scored both of
KB’s touchdowns, but it was the

game will be played at Bever-

Thursday ABC will try to avenge the

Feds last week.

Against Siena the statesmen were
in the drivers' seat all the way.
Every man on State’s team played
good ball but especially outstanding
was the sparkling offensive and de-
fensive play of Dean Strickland and
Paul Bullock, who also made a sen.
sational save in the waning mo-
ments of the game to squelch a last
minute threat by the boys from
Loudonville. Howie Fennenbach.
playing his first full college game in
soccer, was magnificent in the goalie
position.

McCormick Drives In Only Tally

McCormick scored on a drive-in
shot from the right side of the goal
when Nunez’s shot was partially
blocked by Busceni, the Siena goalie,
who was outstanding for the In-
dians. Kirch and Squadere also
played excellent ball for the losers.

The Peds will try to make it four
straight on Thursday when they
tangle with the hooters of ABC at
Beverwyck Park. State defeated the
boys from Business by the score of
7—2 last week. Nunez scored three
times while King. Burke, and
Weatherby also scored in the con-
test. The Peds led all the way in
this game and it gave Garcia 8.
chalice to clear the bench.

State Favored To Beat ABC

The booters of ABC have been
working hard to whip their team in
shape for the return game. They
have had two practice games and
are reported to be “up” for Thurs-
day's game. Garcia has scheduled
practice games for State so that they
will be in top shape for their second
crack at ABC. State will be favored
to make it two in a row over Busi-
ness and their fourth straight; vic-
tory.

The lineups of the Siena game
were:

 

 

 

hard blocking of Friedcihoitz and
. , State Pos. Siena
Fiank that paved the way fOi Blatt- Fennenback G Busceml
mans jaunts. A safety in the fast Button RFB Hamel.
period gave KB a 2-0 lead and they Bullock LFB Haltruewitze
increased it until they led 15-0. SLS Wetherby CHB Hayward
was outplayed almost the whole Cannon RHB Brady
game as KB swept towards pay—dirt strickhnd LHB stack
time and time again. They were Nunez‘ CF Pigone
halted twice in the first half but Adm” 0L Quinn
as the third quarter opened up Wq‘mé‘q IL Schneider
Blattman scored on a run and from Ki‘ug IR squadere
then on it was strictly a KB game. Mcc(n.m,ck OR Kirch
KB IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII u 2 0 6 7_15 Official: James D. Conner.
State ............................ .. 0 0 1—1
SLS ............................ .. 0 0 0 6—— 6 Siena .......................... .. 0 0 0 0—0
STATE COLLEGE CO-OP
Our Stationery Sale has been such a
success we are continuing it this week
with some new additions.
I
White & WYCMOR wear: 1.15

Autocraft Vellum

Leather Desk Sets . .
Jumbo Desk Memos .

 

State College F locked

5” x 8” Memo Pad Holders . . .
3" x 5" Memo Pad Holders . . .

 

—-—l’lus Many More of these Leather Specialties—

 

DOW 089

Banners were .50 now 030

WERE

........1.25
 1.70
.60
.45

NOW

.98
1.25

 

 

 

 

