     
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2 '

Keys Again . . .

An investigation is being carried on by a com-
mittee apointed my Student Council to investigate
key lines in budgets of student tax supported or-
ganizations. More than 300 dollars is spent an-
nually by organizations for awards in the form of
keys alone. Annually as budgets are presented in
Student Association these key lines are criticized
severely and then reluctantly approved.

The key committee’s investigation will undoubt-
edly show the inconsistency in cost of respective
organizations’ keys. It will also show that some
organizations on campus do not ﬁnd it necessary
to award keys.

Because our budget must operate on a very close
margin this year there is likely to be a feeling that
such “extras” as keys should be eliminated from
the budget. Those organizations who do have key
lines believe that keys are a necessary motivation
in their constitutions, as do MAA and WAA in the
use of letters and other awards.

The cost of these keys is inconsistent with their
purpose. Cooperation of these organizations in pur-
chasing a standard key from the same company
would bring the expense down to a minimum.

NO Crusade . a .

On Tuesday, October 24, 1950, bells rang
throughout the nation marking the climax of a pro-
gram of scroll-signing and money-giving for the
Crusade of Freedom. General Lucius D. Clay is
Chairman of this program. General Dwight D.
Eisenhower, President of Columbia University,
opened this campaign in this country on Labor Day.

Why didn’t the student body of State College
sign and support such a worthwhile cause? Stu-
dent Council, the group which would support such
a program on campus, did not receive information
and materials necessary to carry out this program
until Wednesday, October 18. The materials, post-
marked September 26 were held in the office of the
Dean of the College.

At the time Student Council received the ma-
terials it was also informed that it would be
necessary to carry out the campaign the following
day. Council decided that it was too late to carry
out an effective program. it is sending a letter to
Crusade of Freedom explaining why State College
has not supported it.

Lack of previous interest by any one of State
students who might have brought Crusade of
Freedom to the attention of the student body is no
reflection on the general feeling here toward
freedom. it is merely evidence that We do not be-
lieve it necessary to demonstrate our love of free-
dom by signing a piece of paper.

it is unfortunate that State College did not give
its support to Crusade o] lv'rccdmii, when other
schools, colleges and organizations throughout the
country backed it wholeheartedly. However any
stigma, which we may gain by otir laxity has no
grounds. The fact that we are studying to be
teachers indicates that we believe in democratic
ideals and freedom and are willing to impart these
ideas to others.

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
October 27. 1950

 

No. b

|Ii~triiiutor
l‘iilli-gluli- Iiigenl

VOL. XXXV

Member
ANNIH'lHN'il i‘olleuillle Press
The iiiidi-i'gruduiiie newspaper ol' the New York Stale t‘oi
iege for 'i‘eiicliers: published every Friday of the i‘oiiegi-
year by IliI‘ NEWS “mm! for Ilie Silllll'iil'.\~~ti('lllllliu,
l'lionea l"eli'/.el, 'J iilll‘J; \\'oll'e, .‘s‘ii (iZlI'J: \lllii, .i i'iJill .\ll‘ll|
lii'l'ri of the \'l')\\'h‘ staff may lie l'l‘ill'lil'll 'l'ui-mlu)‘ iiIIII
\\'ei|Iie.-uluy from 7 lo iizilii pin. ill .‘i lilo?

MANV l"l'i '/ - - - I‘ldiior-ln-Cliloi
HOLIIIE HW l'o-Nliuiiiuliiu Editor
HERALD DUN ' - ~ - - - - - (ii-\liiiiiiulng I'iilltm'
EVELYN \\'0lil"l‘i - - - - I’lllille lh-liiiimin Itiilililr
IIAIH’I'H' \lll.“ - - - - Hpori» I'ldlior

  

 

I'Alll. lli'(‘ll.\l1\N - ~ ‘ - - - tieiiior Hportu Mciiilici
lil'i\'l'2ltl.\' IH'IIIJUN - - - ~ - ('ireiiiiiiion .“llllllﬂl'l‘
JANE (‘Uiilt - - - - - - ~ - — Adverilnlug “Illliluili‘
JOHEI'II l'lilllil' — - - - - « - - liuniiieim .“IIIIIIKI‘I

t‘l’if‘ElJA IIA'I‘TIH’I'I - - - - - v - Excluiiiun Editor
NUIHNE ('AIHHIJ. . - - - - - - Annocinie l'iilltoi
VIC'I‘UIHA I'LHII'J - - - - - - A-moi'lnie I‘iilllui'
“ILH‘I'J l'HH'l'll ~ ~ - ~ - - v Anuoclulc I'idiitir

All eoiiiuiiinii'iilloim should lie :iililriwo-il to llii‘ editor liilil
iiiliMl he signed Noun-i. Will be withheld upon request.
The .‘i'l'.\'l'i'i t'iil.l.l'iiil‘l NEWS iissiilii-w Illi l'inHllINlllllll)
I'oi' opiiiioin i'MIl'i‘Hh‘l'il in its l'liliilliIM or i-oiiiiiiuiiieiilioun
us hlli'll i'\]il'l'nnltli|N do not lil'i'eanlil'lli l‘i'lJ-i‘l Ilri iii-w.

 

at!» 9

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 27. 1950

 

7/04“

 

When the shouting declines and
fades into the background, the
“Great Beast" will step forward,
pull the levers, and will settle for a
few years, at least, the question of
who will govern and who will go
back to the farm. It might be well
at this time to look at some of the
men and issues in the current cam-
paign.

As we push aside the mud in New
York State, we ﬁnd the Democrats
calling upon Walter (I don’t wanna
go back to Congress) Lynch to car—
ry their colors into battle. Mr.
Lynch is opposed by Thomas (I’ve
changed my mind) Dewey. Regard-
less of the outcome of the elections,
one of these men will undoubtedly
be a neighbor of ours come January
1, 1951. Therefore it seems proper
that we take note of some of their
qualiﬁcations (for governor—not
neighbor). Mr. Dewey, being the in-
cumbent, stands, for the most part,
on his record of acomplishments.
Some of these accomplishments are
as follows (from the Republican
viewpoint):

1. He brought the state out of

the red and created the great-
est surplus in the history of

the state.
2. This surplus has been used for
veteran’s benefits, increased

teachers salaries and improve-
ments of our communication
system, among other things.

3. He led the nation in working
successfully for a Fair Employ-
ment Practices Law.

4. He has increased social bene-
ﬁts within the state.

5. He has crusaded‘ for greater
security both in the national
and state governments.

Mr. Lynch's platform contains
these planks (from the Democratic
viewpoint):

1. He hopes to broaden Social Se-

curity coverage in the state.

2. He wants higher unemployment
beneﬁts, and their extension.

3. He will work for increased aid

By W. K. ROBINSON

3W;

to the needy.

4. He will promote more state aid

to education.

5. He will attempt to clean up

the gambling nests in the state.

I have, by no means, exhausted
the number of planks in each can-
didate’s platform. Don't let your in-
vestigation of the merits of each
man end here. The newapapers and
radios are burdened with a mass of
political information. Make use of
it and then DO YOUR. DUTY——
VOTE.

On the national scene we ﬁnd
many Senate seats on the line. The
most important ones seem to be
those occupied by Sen. Lehman,
Sen. Taft (R-Ohio), Sen. Lucas (D-
Pa) majority whip, and Sen. Milli-
kin (R-Colo). Any of these seats
may change hands. The Republicans
predict gains in both houses of Con-
gress, but do not expect to gain con-
trol in either.

It should be noted that the results
of the state as well as the national
elections will, without doubt, play
a part in the coming presidential
election two years hence. With this
in mind we should weigh the issues
before performing OUR DUTY.
Above all, we should be on guard
against “Scare” words, “Smear”
words, and the usual mud-slinging.
To plow through the maze of words
used in political battles and dis-
cover,‘ something aproaching the
truth or even fact, is the job of
each one of us. Contrlved “issues,”
and catchy slogans, empty of any
real meaning, seem particularly ni-
appropriate at this time, when our
country faces great dangers and
real problems.

I believe that there never was a
good teacher who was not ﬁrst a
good citizen. With this in mind, I
urge each of you (voters and non-
voters alike) to become informed
about the political issues of your
state, nation, and your world, lest
you discover—too late—that you
have been relieved of your duty.

 

3W

 

To the Editor:

There are two points in connec-
tion with the October 20 issue of
the State College News that I think
are deserving of comment: the ﬁrst,
as to its right to appear there at
all, and the second as to the accuracy
of the facts and implications in-
volved.

In a school such as ours, where
the News is supported by the con-
tributions of all students. under
Student Tax of course. I think it is
highly questionable whether an edi-
torial dealing with a political issue
that has little or no connection with
the school itself ought ever to ap-
pear. Members of almost all political
groups support this paper, and some
of them are bound to be justly in-

 

‘7unlu’ 9n 71w 7044»:

By LOU BEIIRINGER

 

The RPI Field House was crowd-
ed last Saturday night for the Billy
Eckstine-Gcorgc Shearing concert.
Even though the show was very late
in starting, both stars made up for
it by completely captivating the nu-
dlence with their personalities and
showmunship. Billy sung such fli-
vorites as “I'm In the Mood For
Love." "Bewildercd," and “My Fool-
ish Heart." His songs seemed to flow
effortless nnd endlessly. One of the
highlights of his part of the pro-
gram was it number called "I Like It
Here," in which Billy song about
the various sections of the country
and all the opportunities of our
hind. lie said that he was very iuip-
py to see all races and (needs there
together to enjoy the concert.

(icorgc Slicurlng's port of the
program was especially enjoyed by
the hop-cuts" including me! ills
group consists of three others be-
sides himself. They did many jam.
numbers together. and tiicii (lcorgc
played “Chili'c dc Lune" to show
that he has a serious side, too. i
particularly liked his playing of
"'I‘cndcriy." which he has recorded.
lio has an excellent touch which is
all the thorn sensitive because he
has been blind from birth. The

dignant because of such a policy—
even it it is calling f smear cam—
paign a smear campaign. I, for one,
feel that the State College News is
a place for information and com-
ment on school imppenlngrenot for
political elucidation.

Secondly, in a column bewaiiing
the lack of an adequate crowd from
State at State‘s athletic events—u
point well taken, by the way—a few
unjustifiably inaccurate remarks
were made concerning the school spi-
rit of two Student Association orga-
nizations. Perhaps, if that person no
one ever seems to ask had gone to
the trouble that the Common-Sta-
ters apparently did, he would have
found out that Debate Council was
not merely complaining about its
lack of an audience but was ac-
tually trying to clear up a difficulty
in its Constitution. And maybe then
he would have been a little more
acurote in his comments. As is, with
the amount of work to be done. and
the amount of time to do it in, it
is a virtual impossibility for State
College organizations iioi. to have
an occasional conflict for llll iit'tci'u
noon. The situation is unfortunate,
but it is hardly good reason for
making statements that will hurt
the reputation of iiiiy group cou-
corned.

(Fhurles J. (iruueisen ‘52

 

ilnnle was it song by Eckslinc who
was accompanied by Siieiiring's
group.

Horace l‘ietdt is appearing on u
coast-to—coiist. broadcast. from the
itl’i Field House on Sunday, No-
vember 12, at 7 pm. lie is brliignig
til) stars with liitii, including ltuiph
Slgwnld, Jcsso Owens and Jerry
Singer.

The ice Vogucs oi liiol started
Wednesday night, and continues
through Sunday lllHlilil‘illt'li evening
performance begins iii. hilt) ping
and there is it matinee on Sunday
afternoon at “.1130 pin. The prices
range froiii $1.51) to $3.01), tax lii-
eluded.

Iio sure to watch this column for
exciting new program nch of lii-
tcrest to all State studcntsl

Common-31d”

By GORSKIE and KYLE

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE Contact:
News.

PEP ASSEMBLY . . .

Last week's cheering rally really showed we could
“give 'em merry hell” . . . but it took an awful lot of
work on the part of Mary, Evie and the cheerleaders

. once we're all together it seems We‘ve got lungs

 

enough . . . the job now is to get us together at the
games.
CROSBY OUT—FORUM IN . . .

This week is “You and the U. N. Week" . . . prob-

ably haven’t thought about it much . . . we don't
usually . . . too busy with various and sundry activi-
ties . . . but, no UN, no activities, you know . . . Forum
does it part (on a small scale, of course) . . . tonight
at 7:30 pm. on radio station (not to be confused with
railroad station) WPTR, they will take over a Crosby
platter program to talk about UNESCO . . . take your
portable to the Soc-Hop and listen in.

FACULTY FOLLIES . . .

There's a large gap in the student-faculty relations
on activities . . . and lately the student body has been
asking and almost begging for a faculty show . .
talk of the old ones indicate that they were a howl
. . it would be quite comforting to see our profs let
their hair down . . . and the opportunity to throw
tomatoes at a. teacher only comes once in a lifetime.

TAKE OVER DREW PEARSON . . .

We’re really going out on a limb, but here goes for
Campus Queen and her attendants . . . Queen, Harv
riet Milk; Attendants, Wilhemina Engelhart, Gerald-
ine Dunn. Earilne Sipe, and Georgina Dicks
seriously though, we think the queen this year is
going to be a red head . . . that's a safe bet, huh?

PLAY ME A TUNE . . .

And it isn't all highbrow either . . . the recording
hour each Tuesday noon plays the records you sug-
gest . . . Joe Cruciila and Music Council are Working
to get the music to us. . . so when they are playing
something you like, bring your lunch and drop in.

PUSIIBALL, GRRR . . .

The idea is to get out from under the ball before
you disappear . . . your friends sigh, and there you
are . . . just another bulge in the ball . . . Palmer,
Peck anci the rest of the Red Devils were really mow—
ing them down . . . till the fresh caught on . . . jlist
a little too late for this year . . . but not for next.

ROBERT E. LEE . . .

We‘re really not a lost and found department, but
the little boy mentioned above lost ten dollars out-
side the Madison Avenue post office . . . the post-
master toid his mother that some State men had
found it . . . if this pertains to you, and you haven‘t.
spent the money, his address is 224 Ontario Street.

UNIVERSAL KEY . . .

Investigznlons are being made about the possibility
of having a uniform background for all organiza—
tion keys . . . if all keys were bought from the some
company. it Would probably save SA quite a bit of
money.

PEACE IN OUR TIME . . .

in these times of stress mid strain it is reassuring
to know that close at hand in Albany Iiinh future
diplomats are being taught the Russian tongue . . .
unless the Senate investigating committee finds iiiciii
subversive, night classes will continue.

MUSIC, Ml‘Hlt‘. MUSIC . . .

The band used in the Al.) comedy seemed ready
made for pep rallies and games . . . why not make il
a part of Jerry McGory's blind?

QUES'I‘ION OI“ THE WEEK . . .

Will the Kukhipoiiian Players" Club ask tor a line

in the budget. this spring?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, ()("l‘tiiililt 237

7-1:! ]).ill. Siiyles Annex l)illl‘ Party.
72:10 pm. WP'i'lt l“t)i‘lliii radio lii'tillilt'llhl.
8-12 pm. Hiltuliop, (iyiii.

SA'l‘l‘IiliA". (it"l‘iiliEli 3314

ii ll.lli. (‘hoplcr iiousc lied (‘i'oss (‘ollege llllll.

Ll |).lli. Stole (:oiil'erenee.

10 am. Page i"ic|d (.‘miipus liuy Athletic Events.

lizlili um. lianner iiiuit.

7:11!) pm. Piv'c iiuil (Toi'oiiiilion oi Queen.
l“i'(i.\'li~St)|)ll Skits.

HI'NIMY, t)("l‘()iiElt iii)

1! pin. Albmiy Home for (‘luliii'cii Hoccci' (illiiit‘

Ii-l‘i [Lil]. Pm (‘oiiniiiii l“1it'lill,\' 'i‘eu.

iieln Yield l“c('llliy Ten.

Pin lieitii l"ll('iill,\"l‘1'il.

Ncwiiiuli iluli l‘lili'llll)’ 'l‘cii.

1i~7 pin l'lilt'i' (‘hiii Open House

'I‘l'EHiiiu’, (it"l‘tililllt iii

7 p ili liooni iii lh'uper, (‘lii'istuiii Ht'li'lil't‘ meet~
liil'.

iizilt) pin i'iitte iiiill, Al) Phiys.

'I‘lillliHliAi’. HtH’I-Ilillililt :5
7—10 1).“). Sorority Open Houses.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 

 

     

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 2'7. 1950

PAGE 3

 

Red Cross Unit

Slates Courses,
Receives Charter

The Red Cross unit at State has
received its college charter and Will
celebrate the occasion with a Col-
lege Unit State Conference in Al-
bany at the Chapter House, at 3
Englewood Place. tomorrow. The fol-
lowing- officers have been chosen for
the unit: Joyce Dodge 0101' '51,
Chairman; Helen Podoba ‘52. Vice-
Chairman; Mary Lou Noble ‘52, See-
retary-Treasurer; Lois Behler ‘53.
Water Safety Chairman; Alan Ste-
phenson ’52, Motor Service Chair-
man; Lorraine Migliaccio '53, Pub—
licity Chairman; and Edward Leigh
'51. Smiles Chairman.

Dr. Matie E. Green, College Physi~
clan, and Dr. Thomas R. Gibson, Pro-
fessor of Health, will serve as chap-
ter representatives. Gibson will also
act as the faculty advisor for the
unit, while Dr. Walker, retired mem—
ber of the Education DCplIi‘ll‘llOliL at
State. will be the non-faculty aci-
Visor.

Plans are already underway for
Life Saving and Women's Swim-
ming classes. The Grey Lady Course
will start November ’7 and contimie

to December 12. when participants _

will take a completion exam. These
meetings will be held at the Chap-
ter house Tuesday nights from ’7
pm. to 9 pm. If there are any
students still interested in this work,
they should notify Helen Potloba ‘52.
As the unit progresses. other
courses will be forlned. Mrs. Clor
announces that all those interested
in any course should contact the
chairman of that division.

if there are enough men who are
willing to offer their services, :1 Grey
Milli Course will also be formed.

Religious Clubs

Plan Programs

Future programs for the religious
clubs of State include a ti'i-clty
(lance, a missionary conference at
Syracuse University and the first
Christian Science meeting.

liiliel and lZFA are having their
annual tri-city dance from 1) pm.
to i il.iii., Saturday. November 4, at
Temple isi'uci, 18 Federal Street.
Dorothy Lipgur and Adele lioch—
berg, Juniors, are in charge. Stu-
dents ill the nearby tri-city colleges
have been invited.

inter-Varsity (.‘hi'lslimi li‘eilowship
is having ll missionary conference
Saturday and Sunday, at Syracuse
University. The speaker is Dr. Eil—
gene Nidu of the Wycliffe 'l‘rniis-
lilliii'h and llit‘ American iiible Si)‘
cicty. The theme of the conference
is to know (‘hi'ist and make him
known. Rev. ('ill‘l llolilke will speak
'i‘hursiliiy on "'l‘oduy's Most Urgent
Challenge” of 12 noon in liooin 23.
'i‘he regular i"ri(l:iy liible study is ill
:l.:io pm. in ltooiii 150. Every Wed—
nesday and 'i'iuu'sduy there are lii-
lilt‘ sliltlll‘h ill the rhinos.

The first meeting of the (‘hristiuii
Hi'lellt'e ()i'gunimlioii will be held
on 'l‘ticsdiiy ul ’7 |l.ili. in liooni iii.
iii-cording lo liill‘lllll‘il Ncweonihe ‘iili,
President. Meetings are open to the
entire student body and faculty.

Committees Set Meetings
For Rivalry Discussions

The l.l\iill'\ t‘oiminiiee “I” hold
\\ceki\ iiieel.ii;-,s open to llll' student
body i’\l'l'\ We.iiic tlil\ li'liill lll
lioolli ill, l)l'u]h-i', according to liel-
iiiiiili Hl‘llllll/l' 'iii. (‘h.iiiiii:iii i'Ili-i'y-
one is united to ullcni and mm»
his opinions on the rivalry uvrxleiii
at State lilill w:i\:. oi illl|)l‘il\i|lf.', il
'i‘lie dbl-fission [or ilt‘\l ui-ck \\ill
c\ol\c about the li'ii.‘~ll~Hliiili i'nuli'y
looihull mine lliltl l'hllllillhlliil", ll
it'liiulln' M'l i-dlile lol‘ I'llilll'\ e\'clil‘~

’l‘he ltn.ilry (‘oiiiimliec llllt‘l'
t‘uiiipiir. lhn \\lll be coiiiposcil oi
sen-n iiii-nibeis' the Myxkulnu rcp-
i't'hi'llliillH‘. the four t'lilh-S pi'l'hl»
dents. and WAA and MAA repre—
sclitullves.

 

Pictured above are the ﬁve senior women who are candidates for Campus Day Queen.
Ilaswcil. chanis, Coreoran, Ricmenthal.

Excerpts Reveal Past

Crown Queen With

Tomorrow the students at Albany
State College will celebrate the 291i]
annual Campus Day. How did this
tradition begin? When was the first
one?

The first Campus Day was Octo-
ber 23, 19120. The Physical Education
Department had charge of the
events and interclass competition
was featured. The scheduled events
for the first. day of this now old
tradition was: College cross—country
run for men. obstacle races, faculty
sack i'.lt't'. tug-o-wnr. potato race and
a soccer game with every class,
i’rcslmian. Sophomore. Junior and
Senior participating. The main idea
for inaugurating this day was to
bring the entire college together for
ii social time.

For the first. few years there was
no (‘iimpus Queen. This tradition
beg-an cii October 28, 1922 when
Ethel husk '23. was crowned with
illllliiliii have». The ceremony today
is :iliiiosi the same as it was so
many I\t‘:il'.‘s‘ ago. The approach of
lhe queen was heralded by trumpets,
and then she proceeded down the
rosin to the hinge. After being crown-
ed she ascended a purple trimmed
iorone. ll‘i.‘lllil; o\’(‘l' the evening's
feslivilics. The queen was attired in
:i while gown and carried u bouquet
ol Aliici'icnii l.l‘:llll_\' roses. llcr ut—
l1lill.|lll‘. I\io i'epi'escntutives from
till'll (‘him \\’t'l't‘ dressed in their class
roiol‘n \\.i ll.l.\l'l‘.\ ill llleit‘ liilll‘.
'l‘wo tilltli‘h accompanied the court.

'l‘o.l.i,\, the (‘uiiipus Day events
are dzil'ci'ciil lllllll \vhiil lliey were

Debators To Travel
To Hamilton College

l"ilill' novice debulc tennis will
|iiI\‘l'l to lllllilllltill (‘olicge for the
lllllllilloll Novice 'i‘oui'iuiment lie
iiiorrow according to Thomas (lode
word '.i|, President of Debate (‘onn-
t'il. lioiluiii'il li:i.~. also released llie
l'i‘:»lllln oi the West Point and lil’i
l)e|i.ile-. \\liil'li were held October ".21

'i‘lic topic to be debuted ill iiuiii
ilion is "liesoivcd: that the non—
(‘tillllliliiiifvl notions should form il
iien llllt‘l'lltlliiililil organization."
The ultn'iimln'e li'lllii includes (‘hii'
eiice H|itll|l. Waller lhlvih, Juniors,
.huic ’l‘iioiupson and iioniihl l“l'l‘|',ii-
.‘dlil, ll'l'.ll|llt‘ll. 'i‘hom‘ taking the
negative 'ilt‘ are lu‘ugeiic Webster
'ol. Anita i.i|enfeid '53, John iloi|i~
rick llllil I'Iliiior iioice, fi'csliinen

'i'lic sunn- loplc. also debuted
ill West i’ouil lilitl lil’l. gave Hliili‘
two \\‘iii‘~ illitl one split decision. The
debaters non ill RH and the split
decision for the negative side was
it result ol ilic West Point Debate.

Campus Days;
Autumn Leaves

:10 years ago. The athletic events
are restricted to the freshman and
Sophomore classes only. as are all
the events except tiic Queen‘s court.
These rival classes are vying for
the Campus Day Cup which is
awarded to the class receiving the
mot points in the athletic events
and presenting the best skit. These
points are included in the final
score of each class when the Rivalry
Cup is :n'ardcd on Moving-Up Day.

Although. the events of the day
are ('liilllgetl, the speculation as to
who the Campus Queen will be is
still as exciting as ever. We have
had blondc. brunette and auburn-
haired queens, as well as tall and
short queens. Who will the queen be
this year to reign over the evening's
events? Page Hall‘s the. place.

aracqu “inducted l

Carl J. ()dcnkirchcn, instructor of
Modern Foreign Languages, com—
pleted his work for the Phi). degree
ill the University of North Carolina.
October 13.

 

 

i)r. Evan ll. Collins, President of
the college, spoke at a dinner meet.—
ing of the Adirondack lirunch of
the Alumni Association at Hudson
Foils yesterday. Dr. iiuipii ll. Kcli~
iiy. Professor of Education, \\'ll.\
guest speaker ill. a dinner nicotine
of lhe Duichcss County Branch the
some evening.

l‘l(l\\'ili‘tl .l. Subol, C(i-iH'tlllillllii‘ of
Field Services, will address the Millie
student body ’l‘uesduy on the co-
rcers offered by colleges. and more
speciliculiy. teaching as a career.
l\'l|‘. Subol. along “till Elmer Mulli-
en's, llll'i'i'ltii' of the 'i‘cuclier Pince—
llit‘lll lllll'l'tlil, attended u School
ilourds‘ (‘oni'ereiice in Syl'nt‘llM'.

Dr .1, Wesley (‘hiidci's, Professor
il Modern l"tii‘l‘ltlll laiiunuiges,
spoke to the lilickctt. Junior High
.‘s'cliool i"l‘.A on the topic, "'l‘lic
Value of lhe United Nations in the
Korean (‘ollllil'l." 'i‘othiy l)i‘ (‘lllld—
t‘l'h vvili participate on :1 panel lll
iiiitliilo ill connection \\'iili Iiie
Western Zone meeting of the New
York State 'l‘enchei's Asuit'illlloli ilc
\\lll speak on "'i‘euciier Training and
Student Progress" ()li Hiiilu'duy. lie
“'1” speak ill a regional meeting of
liie Aiiici'tciiii Association of Uni—
\i‘l':~il_\' Professors at Syracuse Ulli<
\crsny ills lil])lt‘ will be “'i‘he AAUP
and the improvement of (‘oliegc
'l‘euching."

L to R: Norton.

Sororities, Frets

Schedule Events

Open houses will be held for
freshmen and entering upperclass-
men Thursday and Friday. Novem-
ber 2 and 3. Beverly Kuhlkin '51,
President of Inter-Sorority Council,
has announced the procedure of the
open houses. Three sororities have
scheduled faculty tens for Sunday.
Edward Eldred Potter Club has
planned an open house for Sunday.
Psi Gamma and Gamma Kappa Phi
are arranging a joint Hailowc‘cn
party for Monday night.

On Thursday night the sorority
houses that will be open to interest-
ed women are Kappa Delti. Aiphi
Epsilon Phi. and Phi Delta. Psi
Gamma, Chi Sigma 'i‘llt‘tJ (,‘oimniu
Kappa Phi, and Beta Zeta will be
open on Friday night.

The sorority houses will be open
Thursday night from 7 to it) p. in.
Women with surname initials of
A-H will go to Kappa Delta first,
surname initials of l-Q should go
to Alpha Epsilon Phi first. and sur-
name initials of R-Z should go to
Phi Delta first. The women will
rtcchc instructions at the sorority
houm they first visit. th- house
they are to visit next. The women
will be given 15 minutes to pct from
one sorority house to the next.

Miss Kuhlkin urges all freshmen
\voincn to attend bc-ause the open
houses will be an opportunity to
meet all the members of the sorori-
ilt'1.

Psi (lamina. Beta Zeta. and Phi
l)ilt.i have M’llt‘lllllt‘fl faculty lens
for Sunday from :i to 5 p. m. at their
rcsprr-ti e houses.

Psi (i‘lllllllil and (lamina Kappa
Phi are holding ll joint l'lllllt)\\'i"(‘il
purtv for its incmbci's on Monday
from it to 10:30 p. m. The party will
he fell at the Psi Gamma house.

An open house is planned by Pot-
ier Chili for Sunday from :i to 7
pm, at the house. Everyone. stu-
dents, mid fiicnlly is invited to at-
iend. Dancing and refreshments
are planned.

National Association
Opens Poetry Contest

The National Poetry Association
is conducting its seventh annual
competition of College Students'
Poetry. The deadline for the sub-
mission of iiuinnscripts is November
5.

All students attendingI either jun-
for or senior college are eligible.
'l‘hei'e is no limitation as to the
form or theme.

Each poem must be typed on a
separate sheet and iinlsl bear the
name and home address of the nu-
tlior iih Well its the name of the col-
lcge attended mid the class Minin-
scripts should be sent to National
Poetry Association. 3210 Selby Ave-
nue. Los Angeles 34, California.

Sahel Disclose:

Present Figures
On Enrollment

The Class of 1954 is the largest
in the school, according to ﬁgures
released by Edward J. Sabol, Co-or-
dinator of Field Services. The Class
of the Blue numbers 389 members.
Sophomore, Junior and Senior
Classes follow next in rank, while
the Graduates have the least num-
ber present.

There are 384 Sophomores against
334 Juniors. 286 Seniors and 281
Grads.

The Smiths number 27, having 21
different given names. Between the
Junior and freshman classes there
are fourteen Smith, each class hav-
ing‘seven. In the Senior Class, eight
Smiths are present, while four re-
main in the Sophomore Class. How-
ever. only one Smith is to be found
in the Graduate Class.

No student in the school is regis-
tered with a surname of X, but this
is the only letter of the alphabet
not present. Freshmen and Grads
each have one student whose name
begins with Q.

Smith To Work
Wlll’i Educators

In Salary Survey

New York State has taken a step
ahead toward the solution of the
teacher salary question. Recently
New York State Comptroller Frank
C. Moore, at the request of Gover-
nor Dewey, appointed a committee
of four distinguished educators to
survey the entire ﬁeld of teachers’
salaries.

The committee plans to complete
its ﬁndings by the end of the year
and will present its report to the
Legislature when it convenes in Jan-
uary. They will deal with compari-
sons of teachers' salaries and those
earned by members of other pro-
fessions. who have similar qualifi-
cations. Consideration of such ques-
tions as how the money for salaries
will be raised. What changes are
needed in existing salary schedules
and how the single salary schedule
works will also be included in this
study.

Dr. Alonzo G. Grace, Chair-
man of the Education Department
at the University of Chicago, will
head the research group and Dr. C.
C. Smith, Professor of Education.
will act as Associate Director. His
job will be to conduct studies and
supply raw materials for the pro—
ject. Dr. Smith will have his office
at the New York State Teacher As-
sociation Building located at 152
Washington Avenue.

Offer Assisiantships
To Graduate Students

Research Assistantships are avail-
able for graduate students in the
social sciences and related fields iii
the Institute for Research in So-
ciul Science, located at the Universi—
ty of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

In order for these students to
qualify for the ussistuniships, they
must huvc demonstrated ability iii
study and research. These assistant-
ships carry a stipend beginning lil
$75 u month, tilitl they run from
nine to twelve months. in addition.
all appointees are awarded scholar-
ships which cover tuition exclusive
of certain fees which must be piild.

The deadline for receipt of appli-
cations l'or appointments for the
next uciidcmic year is Mill‘i'll i. For
application forms write the lusti-
iiite for Research in Social Science,
(iluipel Iiili. N. C.

Kline Announces New Officers
To Lead Radio Council Activities

A i't‘illllt‘i‘illt‘iil election was held
for Vivi-«President of ltudio Coun-
cil. according to (ieorge Kline ‘51,
President. Also. the office of Secre-
iiii'y-'l‘i'ciisurcr was made liito two
individual offices. The new oflict‘l's
iii‘c: Vice-President. iiutii Licp-
miinn '5]; Secretary, Joseph Persi-
co ’52, and ’l‘reiisurcr, Patricia Bru-
dy '51.

   

   

 

 
 
  

i

      
 
      
     
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
   
  
 
    
 
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
   
   
    
   
     
 
    
   
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
   
 
   
    
    
    
       
      
    
 
   
     
    
   
   
            
    
  
  
  
      
       
     

 

