       

    

a”...._._n_.____...__,.._.___

 

 

 

 

   
  
   
    
   
  
  
   

   
 

. «wearer ,—-—r m».

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
     
  
   
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 1950

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS 6

ll'l'AILlll-IID MAY ieic
IV 1'"! can. OF mo
ltA'l'lN G—ALL-AMERICAN
November 3, 1950

 

November 3, 1960
Seniors—8 months
Juniors—1 year 8 months
Sophs—Z years 8 months
Fresh—3 years 8 months

 

VOL xxxv M 7

Distributor

Member
Associated Collegiate l’rcss Collegiate Diges't

By MARILYN ALLEN

31’s»:

amnion-Sta!”

By GORSKIE and KYLE h

 

a dull moment for the athlete —
always games — soccer. basketball,
pushball, football, kickball — tiddle-
winks, fencing, archery, tennis -—
and ping-pong. A back to nature boy

Tile undergraduate newspaper of the New York State 001- and you’ll be a graduate Of State theme (kind Of sweaty tho, for 8’
logo for Teachers; published every Friday of the College College—out in ye olde wide world Steady d1”. n’eSt'Ce DES?)- 01' What

year by the NEWS Board for the. Student Association.
Phones: Fenzei, 2-0012: Wolfe. 80-01112; Milk, 5-0311. Mem-
bers of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to 11:30 1). m. at 3-0407.

(providing its still there.)

Since about the secial whirl, sort of chic
the world is tearing its axle out— --balls at R.P-I.. Union. state-—
these years are probably important, Party, PartY—many people—muChO

dancing, drinking—private and pub-
lic gatherings—sororities and frat-

Now just this one more indul-

MAjul FENZEL - . - . . . - - . Ealmr.ln.ohl.¢ huh? O.K. assuming this, let’s see——
3332;]; swanfrz - - - - - - (lo-Managing Editor Time. you see, is so important.

D DUNN - - - - - - - (lo-Managing Editor 1. If you don’t want an educa- ernitles.
EVELYN wou‘a‘ - - - - - - Public Relations Edltor ,
HARVEY MILK _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ spam mm," tion or if you dont like this partic-

I‘AUL BUOHMAN - - - - - Senior Sports Member

.l’lfgﬁlilbﬁ):UﬂLKlN - - - - - Circulation Manager
" ---------Adtli
.iosm-li runny - - — - - - - -  33:: you make it worth your “1116'

CECELIA BATTISTI -
NORINE CABGILL - -
VICTORIA EADE - -
GRACE SMITH - - -

Exchange Edltu

“web” mm” bounded by Ockies, on the north

 

ular school, the time to quit is now!
2. You do “ke___you do stay_men pepole who scrounge around in the

9

gence, please. You know those

Co-op for their Times, Rienow and

- - State has meant a variety of Baker‘s proteges? About elections,
- - Associate Editor things to a variety of poeple—it’s the Chinese Dmblem? the Negro
: : “Mela” Edit”? a separate world to some people;

problem? the Indo-China War? Ko-
rea? Helps to know what’s going

All communications should be addressed to the editor and the dorms on the west. Washington On' however' the OUtSide world may

mlist be s1 'ned.
Tile STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility

as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its View.

 

-1

Want A Book?

With the advent of the “term paper season”
the perennial question is once again being heard:

 

teach in.
Others find their life in books
Two covers, four hundred pages

books out of the State Library? What four years means i«0 you.

anyone can obtain a book from that institution, “pl sets' direcmng' acting—Shakes"
if he is able to wait until it can be obtained through
illiﬁer-liiilrary loan by our. own school library. could make it your whole» life.

roug the prompt seerce given us by Miss some do. But maybe it's Just a fac-

Cobb and Patty, most books will be available et 0f the WhOIer‘yesv I think 50—

really do.
Rah. Rahwray, ray—team, team.
team! umm—spirit! There’s never

within 24 hours after they are ordered, but this
iS not the whole story.

Names will be withheld llpon request. Park on the south and Hawley on lntl'Ude illny day now:
for opinions expressed lil its columns or communications gggrseazti—‘dthggdééziyhigguigr 513;: State CO] ege'
pedagogic life is before them and ever State is going to be for you, it
trade this little worm for a new should be that now. Not tomorrow.
one, perhapsasmaller one—depend- even. ADd if we're EOing t0 Wind
ing on the size of the school they up in grand style, here is this auth-

‘ I _ ' _ Dramatics? bullyi There is cer-
The question, in itself, is not entirely true, as tainly enough WOI‘k there—make

peare through Maxwell Anderson——
being arty must be a fabulous life

even at

But back to the theme . . . what-

or‘s idea of what State could be to
any and every student:
Social life—sororities, fraternities,
clubs
Trying to develop a well-rounded
personality
Attendance at classes
Teaching in Milne
Excelling in scholarship

copyright date. titles and authors
form a never ending topic of con-
; versation. Their hangout—the be-
columned State Library, erudite. no?
Why are college students not allowed to take Bill you can live that Wayv if that's

Coming to games and maybe
participating

Offering your talents to several
organizations

Learning to accept new ideas

Learning tolerance

Expecting little and giving much

Good friendships

Ending your college career with
the satisfaction of four years well-
spcnt and most happy.

 

Before any book can be ordered, it must first
be ascertained whether or not the book is in the
State Library, necessitating a trip to the Educa-
tion Building. Here is where the problem actual-
ly develops. Once having arrived in the .Reading

0m»: Maw 0W

 

Room, the logical thing to do is to use the book Congratulations to A_ D, for am.
there. However, as we have found from exper- other successful evening of high
lence. we are seldom able to finish with the book quality entertainment. It appears to
in the time which w I z  ' _ this observer that State's "season"
ment H ’ ' _t C h‘llvle blv‘ul‘lbie dt the m” is off to a great start with large
. on easy 1 wont e-tO take the b00k audiences and good plays becoming
home, and finish the jlii) at night. This, alas, is a habit-
not the solution. Upon applying for permission to Dave Sl‘elmr‘m play was one of
take the book out, the first question asked is “Are
you a student?“ if you tell the truth, your goose 7W, 9“ 74‘ 7““
is cooked at this point. If you don‘t, they just By LOU BEHRINGER
catch up With you a few moments later. it seems
that "professulnal people”, which includes any Last Tuesday night I called the
teacher 111 the state of New York, have full bor- Playhouse ‘0 “nd out about the new

rowing lirivelegcs but as embro nic teacher I may Which .Smrts “em TueSdﬂy' and
have “one i l y ‘ 5' Wt was very fortunate to be able to

' talk to the author of the play, Mr.
As a solution to the problem, could we suggest l‘gic'm‘el Linenlhal- Ml" Line’lulal is
that the inlercoiie iatc commit c ) .‘ l L 8 owner and managing direcmr 0
Council cunnct the lather . H ’ Vt? h”. Simian the Woodstock Playhouse. where his
_ _ ‘ Cf) eh?“ m l ‘3 drtdi dud play, “Facade.” was presented last

pay a VISli to the State Librarian. Perhaps there summer by the Margaret Webster
arc justifiable reasons why we cannot get books. 31’0"” M1" Allel'bm'y Went ‘0

 

 

But. if there are, they should be broadcast and WOOdsmgk to see the “my and
awn further criticign (m t} ’ h' , ' ' ' thought it was the kllld of play A1-
A 1, rd 91' l‘m dVlnl-‘i 11” “UT bully would like to see. It was en-
rcqucsls answered only With a curt “No”. thusiaslicaily received by those who
saw it in summer stock. The perfor-
G, malice at the Albany Playhouse will
  I I n be attended by all the New York
producers and a number of repre-

U . . . ‘ ,w ,‘ s .. ‘ l 4 H sentatives of movie companies.
thrnllllxild ViDlliiliKllll Sciwcc land is tilc agent) The play itself is set in back blip
i, ullcl r mcrlcan students and professors, Heston, and the mood has oficil
at the preparatory school, college and university been C"1"”in ‘0 Chill 01' 5110“ Phil5
level. may share mutcrially and intclicclualiy with  Lifmc ,F'OXSS'HLTM. p1” is
). H . I t ,I' ' H C ilCiKCS ill Vill'lOllS )(‘U-
lli‘lgi‘i‘ fairly.(,onlcnlporarlcs lhrougbout the World. 1,10, including ,, Bug-pm rum”; ,1
t plcccdlng slalcmcnl is at the land of a lcaf— Boston Irish servant. and lwu
let On the Objects “f “'Sgls' Southern womcn usc to try to hide
(‘ampus (.‘hcst at Slalc (‘ollcglu on approval, of glitz/133m liloli-ici "mi iiic'lm'iv” “‘0
, ‘ , V, , I . ,1  , - '2; w 1 or secure iv 1' content—
biillitlli- (..()LlllLli, Will appropriate ‘Si’k‘iy-ilvc‘ pcr- man It states llllivcl'sui problems
(cm of its moncy coilcclcd to \\ hbi'. illc rcnlamd- in coilcl'cto terms and is ultimately

cr Will be among lllc .\'cgro Scholarship, intcrna- “1’1"”l.""r"""50"l”fl"

lional (‘hrirlian Youth, lhc iliscasc Fund, and Al- ..  [iiiwmmi “tuned in mm
lmnv (Hmmmnilv Chest l‘illluiﬂ ill 1017. lie is a grudlullc
, , 1 ol l-lal'vnrd. class of 1037, and llctcd

' illal sixly~fivc pcrccnt which gocs from Amcr- for lhl'cc 3'01er huforc l'iiil'i‘llu»: liar-
lcan sluilcnls to icss fortunate sludcnts lllrougll- ml“ “‘W 5"“001- I“ 19““ ll" billi‘w'lll
out iill‘ World is lilc basis for tho campaign at Hie womiﬁwm “Mimi's-i" which “i”
SHIP This is 1‘ mm ' I “I l i W I I elalcs clcrv summer. Many of you
.I. I. . .. l iglippia o floral Win up Will rciucmbcl' Mr. 1.iucnlilai as
picclulc thcir opportunities lo study 111 a rcia~ Jmiilv ()mul‘ (infinity in "ilui'W'i‘-'
lchly pcai‘cful situation, Willi cnougil lo cal and NH“ 5””‘il‘l “mm 1“ “345 “V”
. . . )" I . ,
othcr ncccssitics of illc iii ilund. WNW WI [R' mun” “mm” 1"
F l‘ v _ , I t v , ’ I | I S" _ stalling its first program. it's a disc
‘ .mliirrassing as 11 may a, .latc did nol’iul- jut-kw 5mm ,n‘ “Wm, KHM” r...
fill its quoia lust ycar for (ampus (la-st. iius
is a ich ycar, a purposc. morc meaningful pur-

.‘(ii'fliiillﬁ. and is bclllg MC.'(l by
llulll I.clpmnu and .ioc i’l'l'Sll‘li.
posc, wc support (‘anlpla' (,‘hcsl ill its drive for
$1500.

l‘coplc or organizations that, want.
news on the radio may contact us
aild we will fly to get it on the air.

the smoothest, most complete por—
1'ormilnccs seen lll many a Tuesday
night. Tile play is essentially a con-
trast in character types and presents
a real problem in characterization
because each is from the some so—
cial level. The distinctions were
clearly made in Tuesday‘s perform-
ance, however. and Nclly Bley's
brushness stood out in sharp con-
trast to Frankie’s desire for atten-
tion. R07. Lacks deserves much cred-
it for her ability to acquire the sym-
palhy of the audience in the role of
so worldly a woman. The delineation
of the character of Albert was also
outstanding. The self-assurcdllcss
he showed in scenes with Frankie
contrasted clearly with the subor-
dinate attilude he assumed ill the
presence of Neil.

The barlclldcr‘s song was Wcll
done and did lullch lo sol thc mood
of the play. It was rcfl'eshlllg to see
Ed Stcarlls in a pleasant and sym-
pathetic l'olc. Let's hope lic gets
more parts like that ill the future.
Shepard is also to be congratulated
on the fine decree of coordination
achieved ill the chorus of mcn and
women customers. Thcir spccchcs
and movements wcre perfectly tini-
cd to do illc moral to sustain tllc
mood. Furlhcr cyidcncc of Sllcpal'd‘s
srnsc ol' silowmauslllp were lill‘
mrci‘uliy plauucd entrances and ex-
its. Frankie and Ncily's silhouetlcre
ill the doorways were most. effective
illdccd!

.lcssc Bul‘llctt's mood music, par-
ticularly lloliccabic ill illc beginning
and cud. did much to hold tllc play
logclllcr. A slmpic bill. attrucliyc
1. llllti \vcil plalmcd lighting, to-
gclilcr with ll‘lc piano music llclpcll
lo ('l‘l’illl.‘ and sustain illc mood of
the play.

:5

Joyce Silafcr's folk comcdy coili—
plclcd ’l’ucsdny's i)1ii. '1‘iu- panto-
mimc iii this ruillcl' slapstick cum—
cdy was cspccially good. lil'lil‘)".\ ni-
1110\1 ilypllolizcd l'cspollscs lo 111‘.
l‘lluzlllucl's salmnlailslllp Wci‘c lliilliss
i115!_ and 1111- cllul'uclcl‘imliou of illc
"llolilulcli" iilliil'i' l)l'li\'i(ll'li 501110 of
iiil' numl clllci'luiuiiig .Hl‘ljlil'ili'l'h oi
illc play Frank llodgc (lid an lili‘
lll'1'1liiil' lob ill lu'llicyliiu vui'icly in
111:, many il‘ilitlil" spccclu-s allllouizll
ius ncslui'cs al llillt‘h M'ciiicil i‘l‘pi‘ii—
l'ouh i’nl. (il'llil'H pni'lruyul of illc
“llublc \yoillan” was collsislclll,
throughout.

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the SrA'rii Commas
ans.

HUSTLE! BUSTLE! . . .

And no end of confusion . . . three or four meetings
each noon. one or two at night . . . with a few classes
sandwiched in between. This is the plight of the
many students interested ill extra-curricular activi-
ties at school . . . enough interest, but not enough
time. Solution? . . . We have none . . . suggestion . . .
have two nights each week during which no organiza-
tion activities are scheduled . . . finished homework
assignments would double, We bet.

LOCKER-ROOM BLUES . . .

As some members of the student body confided LO
us. “What is more disconcerting than having to dry
one‘s hands with toilet tissue? And yet, that is what
I do all the time. WHERE ARE THE PAPER
TOWELS?” How do you feel about the situation?
We really can't say . . . we never wash our hands.

DEBATE COUNCIL . . .

Has finally come into its own . . . not that they
haven‘t been working hard these past two years . 
but they certainly were low man on the totem pole
for quite a while in student opinion . . . congratula-
tions on being unofficial champs of the state.

ADDITION . . .

To the list of merchants giving distounts: the Ccn-
tral Curtain Shop . . . looks like the school will be
wearing the “draped look" soon.

CAMPUS CHEST . . .

Starts its drive today, and we would like to make
clear once more the fact that it is not to be confused
with Community Chest . . . although a part of the
funds, ten percent. will be allocated to it. Just rc—
member when you give your money that most of it
will go to help students like yourselves in that they
are struggling to get an education. The dii‘forcncc
between you and them is that they are completely
destitute. and you are not.

PULCHRITUDE PLUS . . .

I Not only did we have plenty of beauty represented
in Page last Saturday night . . . bllt at the same :lmc
over at R.P.l.. Mary Ann Rolling ‘54. was crnwncd
queen of the Inter-Fraternity Ball.

JUST A QUESTION . . .
We would like to know if Pcdagoguc is going to put
last year’s pictures on sale this year?

WITH THE CINEMA . . .

This is no movic critic‘s opinion . . . but if you pos-
sibly can, go sec "All About Eve" and “Kind Heal-ls
and Coroncts" . . . for Sill‘Ol‘ delight and brilliant diu-
loguc Lhcy really can't be bent.

AJ“. of 'l‘. 01! ’l‘A‘.’ . . .

A few of illc studcnts ilill'c bccll plugging the Anna‘-
icall chcl'alion of ’I‘caclu'l's and teachers unions in
gcncral . . . to the exlcnt that. students ill Ed. 21)
classes have brought ill speakcl's from thc S:'llcllcc—
Lady local of the A.F.’l". . . . llcxt \l'cck Llu- ’l‘cuchcr's
Associnlion will get its clluncc . . . Wednesday's mccl-
lug l'aiscd sonic pl'ctiy pcrtillcllt questions and so
should Lllc mccling next wcck . . . you may not bc
illlcrcstcd ill lh.‘ question now, but you will bc in a
few ycars . . . so why not drop ill to the class lllis
chilcsclay . . . This column is complctcly dividcd on
the subjccl, or wc would take some stand ilt‘l‘l‘.

“SKl'l‘SUl'llIHCNIA“ . . .

Tllc authenticity oi lilt‘ movic 1111(l i.ll(‘il‘ ability to
ad lib rcully ])i‘(i\'('li ‘54 lo 1..- illgcilious . . . but lin-
Sophs llild lill'il' nascls. loo . . . llzlmcly. lllc colucdiuu

, most. \l'olulcl'l‘ul bll of 1m n acting \yc‘yc sccll in 11
long timc.

"FAS’l‘ICN YOl'R SAFETY BELTS . . .

it's going to be a bumpy \ycck" . . . \\'ilill \l'illl mul-
scms . . . and mill-souls . . . and mid-sums.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, NlH'lClVllil'th :1
3:30 p. 111. Hora-r gumc Hlalc \'.‘~ Hiclm, ill‘\‘l‘i'\\'_\'l‘i\'
i’ul‘k.
7-11 pm. Huroi'ill ()pcil llollscs 1o" l"i'l’.\illlll’li illlli
'i'i‘lliihli‘i' \wnncu: iii-in 7min, 1’51 (illilllllil,
('iu Sigma '1‘1u-ln. (‘mnunu lizlppu i’lu.
SA'i‘l‘ltliln'. NOVEMBER -1
10 11.111. ('.‘\Si).’\ lu’liulrll (lolllu'll. l’llgl- liall,
11-13 p. 111 1’5. (illillliill ()pcll llousc Iol' Hialcluuu
liclu ‘/.cla ()pcll llousc.
ii fill—12.30 l’iillcl' (llub 'i‘\\'ill l‘ul'ly,
0-11 pill liillcl 'l‘l‘i-(Yily Dillll‘l'. 'l‘cluplc isl‘lu'i
Sl‘NllAY. NOVEMBER 5
3—5 pm ll‘ucully Tim at Hal 1m. iiull
'l»lli plu ilzllcl i\/i.'l'llli'{, Ullllui‘lui: (‘lluicll
’l‘l'l'lHiiln'. NIH'l'IMIilill 7
11! Noon (‘lilllillllil'l'rx 1)u,\ Minu-
WEDNESIMY. NUt’IGMIiI'Jlt it
1‘: Noon Sl‘A ('1l:lpcl. lliiilililiill ('illll'l'il

'l‘lll'liHl).\\', NOVI‘IMIH‘IIT 0

12 Noon iiiilc Club. 201) Draper.

 

Mathews Lists
Job Placements

Of Graduates

Elmer C. Mathews. Director of
Teacher Placemnet Bureau, has an-
nounced the following placements.
The list includes graduates 01 1850
and of previous years.

Florlce Kline ’50, Oneida Ltd,
editor of new on company’s sil-
verware; Joseph Carosclla ’50,
Berne-Knox Central School, Junior
High English and Social Studies;
Jean Doughty ’47, Bennett Junior
College, Millbrook, Library; John
Coffey ’50, Phillip Livingston Junior
High School, Junior High Science;
Phila Tllley ’50, Gilboa Central
School. Third Grade; Ida Ambroski
’50, Greenport, Fourth Grade.

Also included are: Florence Blas-
ka Foster ’50, Port Byron Central
School. Sixth Grade; Joseph Bren-
nan ’50, School 21, Albany, Fourth
Grade; Marjorie Munro. Westport.
Connecticut, Latin and English;
William Pawluckie ’49, Warrens-
burg, Social Studies and Guidance;
Molly Mulligan ‘50, Department of
Welfare, Suffolk County; James
Bolster ‘48. Altamont, Social Stud-
ies and English; Mrs. Frances
Chase ’46, Southwestern Central

School, Celoron. Commerce; C. Joan
Farrell ’50, Minoa, English and
Dramatlcs; Charles Poskanger '50.
Fairport Central School.
High Science and Math, Harry
Paige '50. Lansingburgh. English
and Social Studies; Henrietta Daub
'50. White Lake School, Kindergar-

 

STATI COLLIGI NIWB. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 1950

Trumpets Herald Arrival Of Queen Ginny into Page Hall,-
Bevy Of State's Beauties Preside Over Traditional Evening Events

 

_ Members of the Queen's Court, L to R: Ketch,
Jumm Reimenthai, Corcoran, Norton, l-Iasweil and Zeianls, as

Page Hall was crowded Saturday tains parted and former queen Aud-

night with those who had come to rey Koch stepped forth escorted by
witness the 29th annual crowning Jeanette Zeianls and Shirley Has-
of the Campus Queen. A hush de-

well and pages Marie deSeve and

to“; scended on the crowd as the cur- Tillie MalOUf-

Also placed were: Fred Baron '48,

With the blare of trumpets her-

 

New Hyde Park, English; Olivia

. v ' . 1‘
Yunkel gigthEiiiaglgfsmafosiglfihe Stale Grad Spends
Billions For Defense

Junior

Young ’50. Catskill High School.
Social Studies 10. 12', Edward Brig-
nail '50, Hammond. Commerce;
Catherine Noonan ’50. Clarence.
Commerce: Donald Taylor '50,
Clarence, Library: Frank Dembros-
ky '50. Stony Point. Math: Betty
Hollenstein ’50. Lakeshore Central
High School. World History, Snail—
ish, Introduction to Business; Fran-
ccs Zlmli ‘48. Arkport, Commerce;
Jcan Linchart '50. Fort Plain. Conl-
mcrcc: Mrs. Lorna Moscrip '36, Al'-
gylc. Junior High English and So-
cial Sludics.

4mm“? 4W i

Dr. C. Clii‘i‘iCil Smith. Professor of
Education, has received a leave of
absence to act as Assistant Director
for a research program bcing car-
ried on by the Education Depart-
mclll of the University of Chicago.
During the abscncc of Dr. Smith,
Dr. Carter Alexander, former teach-
cr all. Coluillbla State Teachers Col-
icgc. will take over his classes ill liic
blunt-alien dcpurtnlcnt. Dr. Alexan—
dcr is well known in the education
ficld sillcc he has writlcll the book,
"flow To Locate Education Infor-
nmlion and Data." .

Mr. and Mrs. Hcrbcrl L. Smith,
instructors ill English, will attend
illc New York Slate Conference of
all pcoplc in Dl'amuilcs to be held
ill Cazciloyia, Ncw York. tomorrow
and Sunday.

i)l‘. Jllllics Wcslcy Clllidcl's, Pro—
fessor of M()(il’l'1l [.11111H1111gl‘ﬁ,. was
clcclcd a council illcnlbcl‘ oi illc
Ncw York Stale chcl'ulion of Mod.~
cru Lullguugc 'l‘cucllcl's. The council
scrycs lo organize illc tcllcllcl's into
ollc group so lllnl l.1lc aims of n
lullgllagc icucllcr can bc sludlcd and
lill' various methods may be illi-

pi'i)\'l‘(i.

General Eiccllic Representative
lo Piesenl Math Club Lecture

its llcxt

 

 

 

Math Club Will hold

inccllug No'.'cilii)cl' ii at 7:110 p. 
according lo Danicl 'i'lllli'liill'y 

' ' ' ! Mr. .1.
Pl'csldclll. At this tllni 7‘
Gross of lilc (lcllcl'nl Electric (,om—
puuy will spcak lo lllc club on

"t uallly Control.” '
?i‘ilt' plucc of the incctulg will i)(,

pusicd on the Math Club bullclin
board ill illc ncur lulul‘c.

H.F.ilonikel 81 Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone 4-2036
151 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

aiding the coming of the new queen
tension mounted and all eyes turn-
ed to the back of the auditorium.
At last the magic moment arrived.
A roar of applause swept forward
through the crowd as Queen Ginny
"MO Will have the Opportunity Norton made her way slowly down
i0 5110"“ Six imd 0110-113” bu' the aisle robed in the traditional
lion dollars in one year- Not white gown and carrying red roses.

every St“(lel;)l;‘ cilantmake 
WWW ' o y Newman Slates
Annual Formal

dent can make the rise from
office boy to a prominent gov-
Van Derzce Hall has recently held
iiil cicction of of‘llccls. while New—

ernmental offiical. But John E.

Murphy Jr. not only could, he
lnall Club is making plans for their
annual formal, it has been an-

did. .
Murphy. claSS of '37, majored
nounccd by the respective house
presidents.

ill mathematics while a student
At their recent elections. the men

here. He was also President of
at Vail Derzee selected the follow—

Not every State College Grad-

Directory Selects Cover,-
Ped Requests Sign-Up

The Winner of the Directory Cov—

 

10% Discount To
Students and Faculty

BLOE NOTE SHOP

150 Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Unlii 0:00

Myskania. While a Junior he
obtained the position of mes-
startcd him on the road to se-
curing his present day occupa-

' ‘ '  nton , v . _ H
li0"‘u”""-p"2,l,'§ro:‘e “:ﬁhkﬁion ing officers: President, Clalcnte Llll -
(1251,," wimp“), "creme Assisb son, Graduate; Vl(fL‘—P1C‘bl(it11L.FlL(i—

i ' l t
m. is. mmwmcd with spending Schnelicr ‘53; and Treasurer. Robert
V i "if 'r
appropriations made by 0011— MW“) 03- ‘r V‘ l. f
gross for MDAI'. This depart- Fred Knoerzer .11 is Cha lman 0
nlcnt must cooperate with the the Social Committee, whichl in-1
Marshall l‘lan so that one does cludcs Robert Cl‘ecdon and Rlc llllf
0m”- Nl‘\\'llllill Hall will hold its alumni
formal on Saturday, NOVClllel 11,
from 0 p. 111. to l a. m.. according
to Margaret Edwards '52. I House
President. Miss Edwards invdcs all
Womcll will have ‘2. o‘clock hours.
(‘1' Conicsl has been announced by The following committees illulv‘t;
 I i ‘ i I ~ '1 " 'l: .ci
liclcil Aunt-no. liiduor-in-cnloi. Joan both (howl tut the (hunk/I rm-
Milcllcll '51 Editor of The l’cda— Corilli. General Challmnn. 1111.;
l i J -- n --- ‘\'\l' l-_
goguc, has also made all ulllloullcc- CL Willie“. OILilL‘htlll. 'ltllsll Ll
1,1,. mm- numrs ()1) 1m yuuypmkg ClllilX‘lr'OllCS; llll illunllors; alld Illlu
‘1 , v r ‘, . .
The Directory Cuycl' Contest was Didﬁ 03, DLCOHI 015.
won by Arlcllc Bilull '52. Miss
llium‘s lit-sign will be uscd on lilis
yuan-Is l)ircc_tol'y.
l'll liwli‘ _\c;ll‘buoks may sign up at a
booth outside of tile Commons,
Monday or ’l‘ucsday. The cost, for
this addition in illc cover of llle
ycai'book will bc fifty cents states

Murray, Ilclbig, Friedheim, Brunnar, Walsh, Seymour,
they appeared in Page Saturday night.

 

scnger boy in thc WI’A. This
mm. Program. crick Knocrzvr '51; Secretary. Waltcr
not impede the activities of the Jacobson, Sophomores.
Newman Club members as guests.
mcul m l'cuul'll m the siuiicllls llilv- run. Refreshments: Teresa Porto.
Sludcllls who wish their names
Miss i\/iil‘.‘il(‘il.

You May Still Purchase

STUDENT MEOiOAL POLIOY

Write  l’llonc ~— (Tail

ART KAPNER

75 Slate Si. 5-1471

 

To Hold

be “Avenues

PAC! ‘ 3

Deans, Group, .
Guidance People

Meeting

Assembly To Discuss
Admission Difficulties,
Professional Expansion

The annual meeting of the New
York State Association of Deans
and Guidance Personnel will be
held at the Hotel Ten Eyck Thurs-
day through Saturday, November
11. The theme of the meeting will

of Professional

Growth.” The program of the as-
semblage includes speakers and dis-
cussions at the lunches and dinners,
a visit to the state Education Build-
ing, and general get acquainted
gatherings among the members.

A group meeting of the Associa-
tion is to be held Thursday at 3
pm. and the subject to be dis-
cussed is “Practical Probiems of
Professional Growth.” A coffee hour
for new and old members to get
acquainted will take place at 4:30
pm. Dr. Ellen G. Stokes. Dean of
Women, will act as Chairman.

“Some Avenues of Professional
Growth" will be the subject of the
discussion Friday at 10 am. A see-
tionai meeting of the Deans of Men
will be held at 2 pm. The members
of the Association will visit the

Little Carl Brunnar walked in her State Department of Education at

footsteps dutifully
Queen's black velvet train.

At a respectful distance behind
the royal court of eight proceeded

Education.”

carrying the 4 p.m. The theme of this visit is
“Know Your State Department of

Saturday, November 11 at 10 am.

toward the stage. Lenore Corcomn the members of the Association will

and Pauline Relmentllal.

Senior be divided into two groups. At one

members of the court, reflected sectional meeting "COllege Admls-

Queen Ginny’s beauty in their sion Problems”

will be discussed

gowns of green as they advanced Willle "GI‘OUD DynamiCS” Will be
followed by Juniors Jeanne Sey- discussed at the other sectional
mour and Marcia Walsh garbed ill meeung- A 111mllen at 12530 pim-
yellow, and pink-gowned 50pm- on Saturday will be the last offl-

molcs Jeanne Hciulng and hose

Friedllelm.
were freshmen attendants Mary
Catherine Murray and Leonora

Ketch dressed in pale blue.
Among the breathless spectators

clal gathering of the association at
Completing her court this annual meeting.

Council Sponsors

was another group of beauties which E I- h M a
had ushered the audience to their   

seats. Composing this group of com-
pctant ushers were Seniors Georgina

Capital Area English Council and

Maginess and Jane cook. Juniors CASDA are sponsoring a meeting
I-Icicll Pilchcr and Pat Devitt, Sopll— to discuss the improvement of read-
omorcs; Mildred Poole and Joan Al- ing. according to Dr. J. Roy New-

icll. and freshmen Ann
alld Nelia Burton.

Capal'is ton. English Supervisor in Milne.
The program is of interest to Eng-

, ., . lish teachers primarily, states Dr.
Amalia Siow—gﬂucd (incuu 01 1”“: Newton, but is of general import-
uudii’onum' the Quem and ml ance to teachers of all subjects.

court ascended the stage where
Queen Ginny knelt before her
predecessor, Mrs. Audrey

The meeting will be held in Page
Koch Hail Auditorium tomorrow at 10

Feathers. and received her crown, a. in. Dr. Donald Orton. Director Of
Upon arising with her rather un- Education. will give the introduc-

steady headpiece, Slate’s new beau-
ty queen was greeted by a burst of
applause as she lnadc her way to

lory speech. Dr. Helen Sullivan of
Boston University will be the main
speaker. Dr. Sullivan has been as-

1101' waiting throne to watch the sociated with Dean Durl‘ell in the

events of another Campus Day.
SAVE 10% —— 0N FOOD COSTS —

PHONE 5-1913

193.1200 CENTRAL AVENUE
MEAL TICKETS ——

(‘ards (‘an Ito Imprinted

Rates: 1-25 cards (one line)

 

 

W mm 4641!
’5’qu Oran-‘aCSWﬂM ’/ ,..u., .,

 

reading clinic at Boston Ulllversity.

SAVE 10%

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

ALBANY. N. 1.

$5.50 FOR $5.00

State College Co-op

Monday morning our sclcclion of Christmas cards Will
go on salc. it‘s not as curly us you may think—only
about rill morc shopping days until Christmas.

A complclc scicclioll of 'lli'llS ill cvcry price range

$1.00

Each additional card $.01
25c additional fiat charge for 2 lines

 fill! [llllllif [ll-0P

Lee— 1'!

iii.31

 

 

 

 

