 

A Song And Us

There is a song from the hit show South Paciﬁc
that goes, “You have to be carefully taught. You
have to be taught to hate and to fear. You have to
be taught before it’s too late.” And perhaps the
phrase “We as teachers” has been overworked so
that it has lost a good part of its meaning. But
that’s the way it stands—we as teachers have to
teach, and whether it’s mathematics or art or the
history of English literature, we must teach beyond
the scope of the subject matter. What we believe is
what we teach. If we are bigoted, our teaching will
be bigoted, and we will be doing exactly what the
song says—teaching to hate and to fear.

Brotherhood Week, sponsored by the National
Conference of Christians and Jews, begins next
week. The dates set by the Committee include
February 19-26. For a. week everyone here at the
college, every one in the city of Albany, everyone
in the country will be made aware of brotherhood.
And after that, it will be all over. People will stop
thinking about it. They will go back to the nar-
rowness of their own private lives. But brotherhood
is not the matter of a week or of a year; it is
the matter of a life.

This is where we come in, for we can aid
brotherhood in two distinct ways. The first is per-
sonal; we can continue to build up the attitude of
respect for all creeds and colors which has always,
we believe, existed in this college. In this we have
had a start this year. Our sororities and fraternities
have begun to let down the restrictions for mem-
bership; our religious organizations are working
in more cooperative efforts. There is still more,
however, we could do. We could make IGC more
active. It has slumped into a rather indifferent
state this year because of various board changes
and a laissez-faire attitude on the part of the stu-
dent body. The board changes are excusable but
the indifference is not.

The second way we can establish brotherhood on
a more sincere basis is perhaps a little more es-
thetic but still important. We may laugh, but what
we teach does make an impression. We can and
do impart our prejudices upon students (though
for many of us they exist only on an imaginary
basis for the time being). Yet the attitudes we
develop now will carry through when we ﬁnally do
teach a class. We all know that prejudice is not
inborn but learned. Who teaches it? In part, par-
ents, in part friends, and, in a great part, the
schools. What we must do is rid ourselves of biases,
of stereotyping, of going along with the crowd in
its beliefs. This is not an easy job, but it can be
done by opening our minds. Once this is done,
once we realize that a kinship exists between all
men, then we can teach brotherhood.

Perhaps this sounds a little idealistic. It is not
meant to be, for brotherhood is not an ideal but
a necessity. A definite effort must be made, an ef-
fort by each individual. There are no rules or out-
lines to follow to reach the goal. That is why it
must sound idealistic. That is why we must look
within ourselves and look through the barriers of
color and religious belief and find that basic same-
ness that belongs to all men. Then we can teachw
and carefully teachw-not to hate and to fear but
to love and respect.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 19l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RA'I‘lNG—ALL-AMERICAN
February 1’7, 1950 No. 15
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate l'rcas t‘olleglalo lilgcnl
'l‘lio Ilntlorgrlulinlie lit-\vnpupt'i' ol' the New York State (fol-
lcgc for 'l‘cllchers; llllllllnllt'tl ercl'y l“l'llilly ol' the College
lilo Student Aunot'lutltlli.

 

VOL. XXXIV

year by the NEWS “lllll'li for
Phones: \Vlltnc, Li-illll'l; l'reel, 1: also; Seism and Farrell,
8-0287, Wobbor, 8-2102. .\leln|ier.l of the NEWS staff lnay

he reached Tuesday and “motorway from 7 to ll :25!) p. m.
at :i-iiitit.

  

'l‘lll'} NICHH lith‘ltl)
— - - - - - « - l‘idltor-ln-(illloi’

SHIRLEY \" "I‘J
‘ltl‘lI'Jl. - —

l'ahlle ltoinllmiu Editor
- Sport» l'lllltor
(Tli’culutlun Manager
.hluil‘llnlllu Manager
llimlnonu Manager

li'oatnro Editor

It I
DIANE H. WEISIHGIC v - - - - . .
hti‘lHM - r - . .
' I

(ithJl')
JUAN
.\II 'II

    

, . . . . . .
LIA liA'l‘Tlh'l‘l — - l - - - ’ I'Jxoluuigo Editor

(In .

t-tllJllE liltENNliit - - - - - - Annoclnte Editor

til'IttAlJ) DUNN - v - ~ - - - Auuoolntu Editor
Associate Editor

MAI!" FIGN'IJ‘QL - - - ' ' ' ' r -

 

lssuel'lditor - - - - - (ioldiciirenm-r

All t'itillltillllll‘iilllllln should lll‘ itlltli'l-nmfil to the editor and
illlini be .~l',.;11ml. Nana-.1 out he Withheld upon rerueat.
'l‘ho S'l'A’i‘lC ('Ui.l,lu'l.l-.‘ .\i‘.‘\\‘s .isnonu-n no reuponulllllty
for iljlliilolin expressed in on m name or communication
its such ulpl'unnlulia' no not lormsuruy reflect its view.

W9

 

"A" COLLEGE um. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17. 1930

 

Rad/«'0’ Rodolfo

 

Freshman Girard Dumpersulrnp,
a. typical college student stopped
short in the typical corridor of the
typical university he attended. It
was evident that this was not an
ordinary day. The atmosphere was
charged with something more than
the hydrogen sulfide from the
Chem lab. Everyone seemed Jittery
and acted differently.

The Dean passed by, smiling nerv-
ously over his copy of “Jungle Com-
ics” while hoards of girls milled
about the Dean-of—women’s office,
watching anxiously for the opening
of her cast-iron portal. They gath-
ered in small groups, whispering
suspiciously, eyeing their neighbor-
ing colleagues. Girard, drawing on
his three years of high school per-
ception development, analyzed the
situation and exclaimed, “Sumpin's
fishy!" ‘

Just then the iron door swung
open and the Dean appeared dress-
ed in her neatly pressed blue den-
ims. Pulling out a plump pocket
watch, she waited for its second
hand to indicate exactly twelve noon
before blowing a piercing blast on
the whistle hung about her neck.
The opening of the Cherokee Strip
couldn’t have aroused more excite-
ment. Girard was trampled by a
stampede of shrieking young miss-
es. After they had passed, he said
weakly to an upperclassman who
had viewed the activities from an
overhead chandelier, “Hey, what
goes? Is coffee a nickel in the cafe-
teria. now?”

“My poor uninformed plebe,” Cas-
per Gasco, said upperclassman
scornfully replied. “Yonder commo-
tion was not propagated by a five
cent stimulant. Today, and more
precisely, just now, sorority rushing
began.”

“And so our hero was enlightened.
As the day progressed, Girard still
dazed by the collision, became more
and more amazed at what he saw.
His education was rapidly being
furthered.

The usually crowded dance floor
in the recreation hall now stood
desolate save for a few deserted
males absently tapping their shoes
in time to the music. Most of the
desirables were at the off-campus
cafeteria “making friends" or be-
coming one. Wastebaskets were
overflowing with luncheon notes,

some of which even included sche-
dule cards listing free time when
get-togethers could be arranged. On
three ocasions that afternoon sirens

  

Reprinted from February 1950 lines of 38001118

By JAMES JIUSTO

blared for a stomach pump to relieve
some “ultra popular” who had made
one trip too many to the cafeteria.

In one corner of the recreation
hall, Girard noticed a poor unde-
cided freshman acting as the center
of a tug-of-war contest. A group
of I Tap-pa Kegs were yanking on
her one arm while the Ski Hi girls
heaved on the other. Both factions
won.

The following days were replicas
of the first. Everything remained in
a state of confusion—sirens kept
blowing, the nearby cafeteria cash
register rang continuously, noon
tllne congestion sent its share of
patients to the infirmary, and just
an occasional knife or two were
extracted from the walls. Something
new that met Glrard’s tender eyes
one morning, turning his eskimo
pie to milk in his bands, was the
sight of three girls accused of dir-
ty rushing hanging from the flag—
pole by their sorority pins. He
couldn’t attend a class that day!

Finally the hectic period came to
a close, the dust and smoke subsid-
ing amid cries of “walt'll next year.”
Thus another American saga has
ended.

Incidentally, no one knows why,
when. or how it happened but Gi-
rard went I Tappa Keg. Some fun,
eh kids?

6 

To the Editor:

Sophomores and freshmen alike
would like to know why they are
playing only one game of basketball
for Rivalry. The reasoning of the
committee'seems to be that other
sports are played in that fashion;
but ping-pong, swimming and bowl-
ing are “2 out of 3" sports, and, for
my money, are more in the same
category as basketball than ﬁeld
hockey or pushbail are.

It was a surprise to those of us
who realize that one game of bas-
ketball is strictly a matter of chance,
that two members of the committee
who voted for this innovation are
basketball players themselves. Of
course, it wasn’t quite as lnuch of
a surprise that the author of a col-
umn such as the one which appeared
in the News last week would vote for
a program that slices the throat of
Rivalry.

 

 

A Pro-Rivalry Senior

n3,

   

  

 

I

 

 

M

a

 

 

copyright 1950 by Yaquiranc.

“I’d marry you in a minute Herb)!-
luu what could I roll my Irlemhl’”

 

 

Gama-Stain

By EADE and SCHULTZE _

The Common—Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sum Conun-
News.

RUSH-RUSH—HUSH-HUSH . . .

It’s all over tomorrow (the sorority rush season,
that is). No more crowded mailboxes, no more Boule—
vard jams, no more crowds in lower Draper around
noon-time—no more nothin! Now comes the hush-
hush part called silent period where the “rush bache-
lors” come into their own again. There’s no rule that
says the men can’t talk to the frosh girls so we don‘t
know how well the silent period will serve to help
frosh make up their OWN minds without pressure.

Ruth Liepman dropped us a good suggestion—why
not have standard mimeographed rush notes for so-
rorities every year? Might cut down the originality,
but sure would save time and mailbox madness.

BOULEVARD BULLETIN . . .

That minimum check of 100 at the Boul seems a
little unfair~especially during rushing when seine
people are over there about ﬁve times a day. It seems
as though the Boul makes enough to overlook the
dime we don’t spend there. One thing they do offer
though is a meal ticket with a 10% discount. Worth
looking into if you eat there quite often.

KEEP YOUR EYE 0N . . .

The Lounge—the colors it will be painted in next
week will really be something to see—tan, yellow and
charteuse.

The Commons—a collapsible band stand may be in-
stalled for organizations to use for their social func-
tions—also new fans to clear away the smoke screen
usually present during the day.

Lower Draper—a long bulletin board extending from
theCil'l's locker room to the wash room for all or-
ganizations to use. Will make Lower Draper a lot more
pleasant to look at and give more room for posting
notices.

The Crossing at Robin, Western and Statc~a red
light may be installed if the city administration gets
around to it. Seems they get so many requests for
such things that something drastic would have to hop—
pen before action is taken (Like an accident, maych

WHAT EVER HAPPENED? . . .

To the loan fund we appropriated at the beginning
of the year? On the last check-up on it, we were
waiting for a legal technicality to be straightened out.
TODAY IN ASSEMBLY (12:30, per usual) . . .

A motion will be presented to SA from Debate
Council for an appropriation from surplus. Certainly
if any group deserves an appropriation. it’s Debate
Council for the outstanding and favorable publicity it‘s
given SCT.

THE $04 QUESTION . . .

Where will Graduation be held this your? The
auditorium is certainly too small for all the grads.
Seniors and guests who will be attending. So far. the
most possible place suggested was the Palace ihcutcr.
Practical but so non-collegiate. Where, oh where is
that new auditorium?

HANDS ACROSS THE SEA . . .

So far. not too many people seine to have signch up
for the Nljmegan letter campaign. Sccms though this
would be a good chance for us to keep in contact with
what goes on in the outside world. How about put-
ting your Iohn Hancock on the poster outside the
cafeteria and write a few lilies?

SOMETHING NEW . . .

. In the matter of exams. Like the weather. cr-
cryonc complains about them. but no one does any-
thlng. Now. you can express your opinion in :1 poll
that will be taken soon about. the possibility of using
the exemption system for exams. Good idea to start
thinking about and talk over with your l'l'il‘llds‘» and
instructors.

. A publication to be put. out. by the school for
sale to students and distribution to High School prin-
cipals telling all about SC’I‘. A similar pamphlet was
prepared last year by Press Bureau for use in the
Public relations llcld. but nothing was over heard of
it after it was turned in to the (Itl-(il'tllllnttn' of Pub-
lic Relations. Sort of a duplication of effort. we would
say.

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17

12:30 Meeting of State College Ammt'ltltitlil ol'
(traduatc Students, lttltliil ﬂu

Slate laces l)cllu, tlncollln

Potter Cllib. "Club '53", (.‘onllnons

7:30 pm.
10 pm.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY iii
10 11.111. l’lthliJlt Art Htull
Room of Snylcs liull
State Fair bcglns lchilvlln-s in Loner lll'u-
pcr, Potter presents opening show In illliil-
toruun

meeting in (tame

7‘30 p.m.

MONDAY,
12:45 pm.

FEBRUARY :20
"Luncheon at
over station

l‘illilill't!
Wl”l'lt.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 91
12 noon .luliior Class meeting, Room 1111
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2::

7:30 pm, State Debotcrs lllect ‘tl ‘st los '

.. .i.._...elll.
at College of St. Rose I S “u”
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY zit

7:30 pm. it'l‘tlﬁll-Silpll Rivalry ISwun Mc-t ’ '-
Baum . t at lublit.

ltoonl." ili‘tlzltlt'iihl

 

 

;L
g.
i-
l:
i
ii
a i r’
1."
n
L
t
a 4.
x” s
0%.
o
1 I
a r
t
I I ‘

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 1’30.

 

SCT Debaters
Will Participate

in Eastern Finals

To Oppose St. Rose
in Mid-Week Debate D1"-

men,
State College debaters have been 'llellSUI‘clﬁ

emu, am

The Upper Hudson Alumni Asso-
ciation of Phi Beta Kappa held a
dinner and business meeting Sat-
urday evening at the Wellington
Hotel. Dr. Ralph B. Kenney, Pro-
fessor of Guidance. was elected
President of tne Association; and
Ellen G. Stokes, Dean of Wo-

was re-elected Secretary-
131'. Shields McIlwaine,
Professor 0. English. gave a speech
“With A Southern Expo-

 

 

selected to participate in the East- .
ern Divisional Debate Tournament eiltltl’eu
on Friday and Saturday, March 24 SUN?-

and 25. The winner of this tourna- Films on human growth and re-
11181113 8095 t0 the National Invita- proauction Were shown in the Com—
tional Debate Tournament at West mons Wednesday at 8 pm. for the
Point on April 21 and 22. One af— hcuka College Alumnae, their hus-
ﬁi‘mative and one negative team bands. and friends. Dr. Matie Green,
from each of six colleges in the Assistant Prciessor of Hygiene, and
East will be eligible. Merlin W. Hathaway, Instructor ill

Last week-end six teams of State ‘hysmal Eﬂucatlmlt. 10d the discus-
College debaters met six teams at “0‘:$1losziiélitggi‘flgl; tea Spon—
West Point, winning ﬁve out of Six ‘ ‘ - ‘ _ w, . . ‘-
dcbates. '1th made a total of four- 5019“ by the NW“). was held Tues

' " ' " . ' he
. . ht _. any from 3.30 p.m. to 5 pm mt
3:?“ 52:23:? 10% om Of 75 den CS Lounge. House mothers were guests

at the affair.
State College debate teams Vic' Dr. Margaret L. Hayes. Assistant
torious at West Point included the professor of Education spoke at a
following: Janet Leonard '53 and meeting of the Albany unit of Delta
Edward K111'15111d61"50. llﬁll‘lnathei Kappa Gamma, national women's
MaI'JOI‘lC Fm‘well '52 and Hamid honor society. Thursday, February
Vaughn '50, affirmative; Walter 9' on the subject "Hobbies." The
Farmer ‘52. negative: Dﬂlllel ,JOY meeting featured an exhibit of the
‘52 and Edward White ’51, negative; hobbies of members.
Robert Berkhofer ’53 and Thomas _-,._. ..
Godward '51, negative. Joyce Leon—
ard ‘53. and Charles Grunelscr. ‘52,
also defended the negative but lost.
Doris Doherty ’53 and Eleanor
Roscnblum '52, taking the negatwe,
will represent State in a debate on
the topic: “Resolved: That we na-
tionalize basic industry.” The debate ’ '
is scheduled for Wednesday at 7:30 getting all wet? Wipe off those
pm. in St. Joseph's Hall at the Col— snowy shoes on the door mat."
lege of St. Rose. squcakcd one of the teakwood floor-
, , f , m _ boards, as I stepped into the old
There has been a mtvajl 0. few.) “51-. Arnold Mansion on 405 State Street.
five debates mid ﬁve dlscusslonst 11‘: I looked down and was startled by
year While hm year only ﬁve .8?- the dark little face scowling up at
place. State debaters have pal lcl- me from the floor.

patcd in three major tourneys in- I
eluding those at Hamilton, Vermont I moved qmckly and began to look
around my new home. So this was

t Col late. ‘ I
'md {a the Van Derzee Hall. It certainly is

beautiful and expensive. “Who built
6.9% 1 600171444

this place? Where did you come
By PAT BRADY

By STUART GATES

"Hey, who do you think you’re

from and how long have you been
lying there?" I asked my new friend.

"Wt-ll. young fellow, this is an
week is old house designed by. that great
ch architect Stanford White for Mrs.
Benjamin Walworth Arnold in 1905.
I came from Malaya and have been
here since. having famous people
walk on inc and watching the fam—
hy grow up. Do you know, young
follow, that it originally cost over
a million dollars to build this house?

The by-word for this
"Brotherhood ' as we agaln appl'oa
“Brotherhood Week.” This theme
will be the key for "Capital Campus"
on station WROW next Wednesday
at 10:15 pm. A skit, supplied bylhc
National Conference of Christians
and Jews, will be presented by
GOO-we Kline and cunning Willmmb' I‘vr- heard mentioned that they even
Jumors' . moved a littlc church from this

Also on the dial Wednesday is Sm, so that they could build on this
an example of brotherhood lll ac— comer}.
lion. On station WOKO ltL‘liiillDJilq “When I ﬁrst came here, I re.
Rm“) Cmnlm pilomlccs 1:110 911113;} member watching the men and
square Numhbmimm“VOLT-L411,“. horse—drawn wagons that brought
grim" Tm“ immilm VE‘LT .(lniclin‘t those big marble steps all the way
Inc-Tommi by  5:33,; (")1- “in, from Vermont hills try to lift them
wrl ing c ass. i " f ', , ' , no wn ions."
semester and the termination oi the Minsk] Mll- Al'nom was a big lum-

coursc, the program has been car- . ‘- t n H {I ‘
mod on by interested persons who lth Illl‘lthdllt- llltl My 110 Wit-59110
feel it is a‘ wortlnvhiic project. Tune 01 the richest ml the vwolld With
1,, (,1. 1mm- “.Lnjum in! Anyone lumber holdings in Michigan and
interested lll working on this pro- lllt‘ W081. some any even as lar away
Lil'dtil may contact. Loricc Schain or NH VOI'OBUH. SO he had all the lila-
(qtum, Cpl-19” gum,” tcrlal he needed. Downstairs are
'I   H '  2"assui—

A )crsonnl appearance in the near “’lllllmﬁ till“ “if V“) 1\L7k‘ \l‘k
ft 1 ‘\\lll in that of Tallulah 1mm" bi”) 0"“ ‘1‘“ till L “hilt:
uure ' a . . . . I , H "I  Jose Clos-
lianklicnd, star of stage lllltl'ht'l't‘l'll. I'm!” 11’3:;::Il:”’:‘illlnlll litﬁmgmw wood-
Mis” “mmth WI” “plmur m NW1 work and imported ornamental

Coward‘s comedy of domestic, stirilc, mm“ H
“ ’-' " l . 'cs."‘lt the Str'ind’l‘ lcu- ' u V
ltl'i'lldl‘ilvl‘hlilllliil'd 21. She will be sup- (’i’l'llll'r! llili'll. 1 MM“. YOU MLV

ported by Donald Cook ulld a Broad—
way cost. A nearly sold—out horiﬁe‘ls
'* - l H.’ ‘uitc or you )o I
iiiiimliiliif m “MW \ To Attend Club Meeting

it has been announced by Mal- Hmmlmb imm'cmm in hm,ng
cohn Aticrbury that the, present mm. mum‘s 1mm” 0” “w rem“
Playhouse attraction, "llcrc (Ionics “(mm Mm hm,“ “n Opportunity to
Mr. Jordan," has been cxtc'ndcd to n my “W [MIPS-wry [my com“. The
three chk run, instead oi the cus- “PM” ml“. Wm hm“ u desk (“lb
“mm” m” “Wk ('nggwwm1.0”” side the (,‘olnlnons, all day Monday.
“15””“1” “1 WWW!“ SHWI‘ “m mcordiug to Williitlll Dumbleton
"’l‘hc Volcc oi the 'l‘urtlc." have ever .5th m]ml._m_CmCl..

had an extended stay. So, it you're

Excuse Grad Students

tree sometime before ll‘cbruary‘zh,
try to sec this successful production.

Science Club To Sponsor Tut”

The Science Club is conducting
a tour oi the (icncrai Electric Colli-
pany every day during the week of
l“(‘l)l'tlill'y “.27. according to Donald
Cohen ‘51. President. Students will
leave on the tour at. 2 pm. each day.
All students who wish to go on the
tour may sign up on the. lists post-

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Piloua s-iels
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

Planning Committee Members
Fix Brotherhood Week Events

 

which???

' Religious Clubs} 
Release Program,”
Feature Speakers.

Plan Emphasis Week,
Begin Lenten Chapels,
Slate Philosophy Talks

Student Christian Association,
Hillel and Newman Club are spon-
soring the second annual Religious
EmphaSls Week Program starting
today, according to Jeanne Bowen
’50, President of SCA. Among the
other events scheduled by the reli-
gious clubs are the Lenten Noon
Chapel Series. a weekly supper and
stuoy session during Lent, and lec-
turers for the Inter-Varsity Chris~
tlan Noon Worship, the Bible Study
and the Newman Club Program.

Rev. Denny Williams, chaplain of
RPI, will open the activities of the
week by speaking today in assem-
bly. During the week, either a min-

Members of the planning committee for Brotherhood Week. which when a priest or a rabbi Wm visit
will be observed Sunday through February 26, at a recent meeting. each group house. They will lead

Left to right: Norma Ginkich, member of Inter-Group Council;
Christiaan Lievestro,
Council, and Audrey Hartman, Chairman of Inter-Group Council.

Wiltse, Editor of the News;

Teakwood Floorboards Squeak History Of Arnold Residence,
Display Footprints Of Celebrities Familiar To Van Derzee

Shirley discussions on the differences
among the various faiths. Scheduled
to visit the group houses are as fol-
lows: lFriests, Chi Sigma Theta,
Newman Hall, Pierce Hall, Kappa
Delta, Gamma Kappa Phi; Rabbis,
Sayles Hail, Phi Delta, Potter
House, Beta Zeta, IPsi Gamma;
Ministers, Van DerZee Hall, Kappa
Beta, Alpha Epsilon Phi, Sayles Hall
Annex. and Sigma Lambda Sigma.

Discussions on religion will be

President of Radio

 

 

you’ve had famous people stamp you
in the face?”

"Yep. I remember the night that
the late Supreme Court Chief Jus-
tice Charles E. Hughes, then Gov-
ernor, walked in through the same
door that you entered. He looked
so distinguished and was a real gen-
tlemen. His shoes wele nicely shined.

“A frequent evening dinner guest
was the late Gov. Alfred E. Smith.
He always had a quip or other fun-
ny joke with which he kept the two
daughters laughing all through the
dinner hour. Govérnor Franklin D.
Roosevelt used to come here also.

“The French drawing room over
there at the front is the one with
the all white panels, white marble
ﬁreplace, and the big mirror. That
mirror isn’t the biggest though,"
drawled the floorboard. “Out back
is an all-mirror room with lnlrrors
from the floor to the ceiling all
around the room."

“The family lived on the ﬁrst
three floors, reserving the small
rooms on the top for the servants.
The chauffeur lived over the garage
and stable on Washington Avenue
where the Roemer-Zeller Auto Elec-
tric Service is now located."

"Where are the secret panels and
underground passageways a house
like this usually has?" I inquired.
"Will I find any hidden treasures?"

“Sorry, son, there are no passage-
ways, but there are panels that do
opcll. In some of the closets, you'll
iilld them. Concealed push buttons
on the floor operate them. .

"On the third floor you'll like the

H. F. Honikol & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER
103 Central Ave.

 

 

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. I.

 

big billiard mom with deer heads held Monday, Tuesday and Wednes-

, , day at 3:30 p. m. in the cafeteria.
and “MS M" “no”? use“ to go The following will officiate at the
hunting and used to bring hawk 3“ different sessions: Monday, Father
his bounty and mount it on the Richard Dinneen; Tuesday, Rev.
walls and beams. There used to be Denny Williamsv and weaneSdayv
arrowheads and Indian tomahawks Rabbi 5010111011 MOSQSOD- The [mm
on the walls and the big shelf, but “Dies 0f the .Cath‘mc- JerSh and
they have been given to the State Protestant faiths will be brought

museum. Mr. Arnold had his office 01” at the meetings r
and den with leather-covered walls The SCA Lent?“ Noon 01134391
on the ﬁrst ﬂoor where Ray Verrey' series under the direction of Martha
the house manager, now has his of- 51391109" 51: W111 begin WedneSday
me}: and Will continue throughout a six
week period. The first week will
“HQW come we 56 college fellows commence with a Lenten. consecra.
can live here now and why is this tion meditation with Dr. Hobart F.
house called Van Derzee Hall?" I GoeWEY.D“St°1'0le'lniW MemOdlSl
ventured to ask. “It was named for Chm-Ch, as speaker. Evelyn Wolfe
“19 late Newmn Vim Derzee: legal ’51. will conduct the worship service
advisor of the Alumni Association. and the soloist, win he Mildred vm-
“When Mrs. Arnold died in 1945, cent '51-

the Alumni Association bought the During this 13911“: SCA Will also
house from the Arnold estate in have 3 Weekly Supper Emd a stlldy

February, 1946 and opened it to session to be held at the apart-
Statesmen." (Continued on Page 1,, Column 5)

 

 

A Study Aid For Every course

LOOK OVICR OUR COLLEGE REVIEW BOOKS.

()ne of" them may help you through a difficult course.

Recommended by college Professors

Some as low as 45c

ll [0 ill?! [ll-0P

matron“ ~————— 

/l .
«11(th '00.  anal» //

 

 

 

 

ed on the Physics Board.

.. M...  %«.i.-wawa .

 

