 

FACE i

STATE COLLEGE NEws. FRIDAY.

MARCH 17, 1950

 

 

About B's . . .

Wednesday several members of Myskania met
with Dean Nelson to ask for the explanation of an
unsatisfactory situation. The explanation was to
the effect that:

It has been a policy of the college for some time
to consider the record of each individual student.
If it is felt that carrying 18 hours will be detriment-
al to the student who hasn’t done B work the
previous semester, he will be advised that “he must
carry less hours." This is not a blanket ruling.
All students not secure with a B average will not
be asked to carry less than 18 hours. If any person
feels that he is being dealt with unjustly, he should
discuss it fully with the Dean of the College.

It is realized that every student who doesn’t have
a certain average is not being limited to a narrow
curriculum. However, each student who is informed
that he is in the situation has been enrolled in the
course for more than ﬁve weeks. He has purchased
the necessary books, supplies and equipment for
the course and has necessarily spent time prepar-
ing assignments for the course.

The wisdom of the administration is not being
questioned. It seems a very sound idea that a stu-
dent shouldn‘t take courses which will not fulﬁll
his needs, both in quality and quantity. The point
is that these students have been confronted with
this enforcement of policy at a very awkward time.
If this policy has not been enforced during the past
few years (due to manpower shortage on the facul-
tyP), why is it being put into effect when the semes-
ter has progressed ﬁve weeks?

Student‘s marks have not been available until
this time, so this policy could not be enforced until
now. Could it be delayed until a time when students
are made aware of their academic standing at the
beginning of a semester?

Building Program . . .

State College has growing pains! Rude sounds
disturb classes, and trafﬁc jams are the order of
the day. But just as impressive as the increase in
size of State College, physically, is the establish-
ment of a Masters degree for students in Library.

This means that students who come to State for
a ﬁfth year of study in Library can try for a
Masters degree. They will gain the prestige, salary.
and professional standing that go with this degree.

Another stage in the enlargement of State Col-
lege, this will add to our school prestige and re-
spect for it as a professional school.

Another Poll .. . .

A Student-Faculty Committee is taking a sample
poll of opiiiion. Students are being asked, ‘\\'hat
is wrong?" That is. .300 upperclassmen are getting
a chance to criticize the curriculum, the teaching,
and the student-faculty relations of the college. For
instance, one question reads: “What courses should
be added to the college curriculum?"

This is very flattering, to be asked to make crit—
icism. constructive of course, about the working
of the college. This committee shall have made a
marked step in gaining student sympathy for the
faculty. The Faculty (‘ouncil deserves a nod of
respect, but they might. gain even more if these
questionnaires are considered carefully.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 1'1
12 noon lVCF‘ noon worship,
speaker. Room 23

Frank Chcrubtni.

0:30 pm. “How Green Was My Valley." by Corn-
8:30 pm inerce Club in Page
8-12 1)."). Grad Club Dance in Commons

8-11130 pm. St. Patrick‘s Day Dance at Newman Halt
8:30-12 pm. Kappa Delta open house

SATURDAY. MAltCll lit
9 p.rn.-1 a.in. Saytes and Pierce Hall formats
0:30 p.111. Alpha Epsilon Phi open house

SUNDAY. MARCH 10
10 um. Hillel Lox and Iiagel Breakfast. Hillel Hall

MONDAY. MARC]! 20
0:30 p.111. AD Lab Plays in Page Hall

TUESDAY. MARCH 21
7:30 pm. Mathematics Club. panel discussion. Room

WEDNESDAY. MARCH 9.2
12 noon SCA Chapel. ltev. it. Lloyd Haekwcu

THURSDAY. MARCH 23
3:30 p.in. Rev. Karl Neilsen. spcker to Forum and
Politics, Lounge





 

\

\\\\.

 

 

 

\

\\3

 

 

 

 

#7?!) «. {Ml

   
   
 

“I of en wondered what profess

W...
W... WW;
VII/AV/l”

W,” W.

.44!

m

 

 

7/” («all 0/ ﬁbemocmcy

 

The secret agents had done their
tasks well. They had smuggled the
dreaded H-bombs into Washington.
D. C.. New York City. and the other
gothams and then they faded away.
Later. at an appointed hour with an
appointed push of a button, the
bombs, placed secretly in the Capitol
Building. Wall Street. in all such
centers. had exploded. carrying with
them the lives of the President. all
of the members of Congress. and
every record ever collected by any
agency of a bureaucratic govern-
ment. In short. what the enemy
agents had accomplished was to de-
stroy the centralization of a people‘s
government by completely annihilat-
ing nuclear leadership and exterm-
inating all records relevant to that
people.

Let us suppose that. somehow. re-
taliation had occurred and that all
people were set apart from one an—
other .

So picture the American. isotutcd.
his communications ruined. with no
national leader. groping for a re—
turn to some order. and having no
way to turn. No way to turn? To the
contrary. Dr. Rienow says that.
“Government is a. response to en—
vironment." and the American. my
example. has a large group to which
he can appeal, to take up arms with,
to ally himself with These are the
other people in his region who are
also players on the stage of war.
And. as in a play. there will be some
character so bold. so during. so im-
portant by his very personality that.
he automatically becomes heir to
the leadership of the group. Once
more the group has a chief.

I am emphasizing that these men
will spring up sinuiltancously in sev-
eral sections of the nation because
we must keep in mind that due to
tire havoc spread by the bomb there
is no focus of leadership. and in each
area an unopposed "Willie Stark"
will rise to protect the people. Soon
these leaders will contact cucii other
and decide upon the “rules of the
road" that they will follow. and llicy
will conduct themselves. i presume.
in much the same way as the me-
dievul nobles did. thus creating a
Littl‘llt'lil century form of feudalism

l“t'1i(ll.‘.l.\fli is the term given to
the polituul setup in Europe in the
years iolloi- mg 73!. Fleming defines
it as a  . form of political and
social til'gtllllitllllfill . . . a system
Iii of land-holding itiol. land—own-
ingi, i2i of personal contractual rc-
lutionships among nobles. and Hit
of government."

It is conceivable that such it sys-
tem could reappear and manifest
itself in the same way ,i.e.. the ap~

By PAUL KIRSCH

 

portiomnent of land in the best way
to defend and maintain the people.
the already mentioned agreements
among the leaders. and the subse—
quent governments being set up to
suit the individual tastes of the new
chiefs-of—state.

Eventually our “feudalism” would
collapse. as did the medieval. for
such reasons as greater centraliza-
tion. a growth of nationalistic spirit.
and commercial revivals. That is
what history teaches us. But this
decline and fall would take some
time. all of which would be spent in
another dark age.

Let us not deceive ourselves and
continue to play the foot by main—
taining that our system of demo-
cratic government can stniid forever.
for we see that once our concentra-
lion of state is demolished. any
form of political chaos. such as the
one suggested. can rise up suddenly
and smother us in our beds of coni-
pluccncy.

 

6672422.! Gain/1M

By PAT BRAD Y

 

. Gammon-51d“

By EADE and SCHULTZE

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

HEAR. HEAR . . .

Contrary to public opinion. assembly will be com-
pulsory this week. An added note—Grads will not be
excused from 12:30 classes to attend. Question is—
to whom is this discussion of what a principal looks
for in a prospective teacher more important—the Sen-
iors and Grads who won't be in assembly, or the
undergrads who won‘t be ottt teaching for a while'!

THE AGE OF PROGRESS . . .

They weren‘t kidding when they said the addition
to Draper would be ﬁnished by next year—witness the
notse, confusion and congestion in the school these
days. Three suggestions from this here corner: How
about Campus Commission regulating trafﬁc on those
narrow stairs to one-way movements—one for UP
and one for DOWN. Also. the partitions put up to
block the main stairways might be used for bulletin
board space unless post-no-bills signs are put tip.
And ﬁnally. pu-leeze try keeping congregations from
meeting in front of the girls‘ locker room. Even if
they moved ten feet down the hall. it would help
so how's about it ladies and gents? iMOstty ladiesi.

ORDERS FROM liftAl‘MllAltTEltS . . .

Seems as though a little discussion is going on
about a certain scholastic requirement here. As far as
we can see. it has its merits. We deﬁnitely feel every
student should carry only as much as they are ca.-
pabte of doing well and individual cases are being
considered. BUT we have one gripe~why so late in
the semester when a lot of stuttean have already
completed a half semester's work. A suggestion we‘d
make is to have this info about averages stated defi-
nitely in some place so students could plan a semes-
ter‘s work ahead of time. Yes?

LlFE GOES TO (‘AMI‘ . . .

Life magazine has offered a. two- week summer
course in camp counseling at New Jersey for $35 per
head and wants to know if we‘d like to send two
delegates accompanied by two faculty members. Trans-
portation would be provided by the school station
wagon. The idea. of sonic here was that these people
who go could give instruction here on their return
to prepare others for this counseling work. If you‘ve
got 3435 to spend—~it‘s good experience. If not —~it's good
expertcnce~~too bad you couldn't have it.

501’" StiltENANlGANS . . .

.Tilf‘ ticket booth outside the Commons for the Sopli
Big-4 gives tis the only claim to an indoor oiithoiisc.
Reserved seats and all. Cicvci' idea from a clever class.
Docs (‘ountry Style menu We can call them the farin-
crs of  will in fun kidsI

$$$SAVINCS . . .

Six Central Avenue merchants have agreed to sup-
port our sludcnt-discount plan. Details as to which
ones. etc. will be published at a later date. The poiiii
is. let's all get behind it now 'ind really support the
program so it can Lc worked otit into a bigger mid
better plan. _

M. 1'. l). FORMAL? . .

At Student Council Wednesday night. the possibility
of n Moving-Up Day format was discussed and pros
and con‘s presented. Your opinion will be asked for
m an assembly period. so think aboiil it now. Do you
want a format til‘ Friday night before M. U. I). when
he class partim lcrgics. to use the vermiculiirl are
usually held or not'.’

WE lll'IAltD . . .

Some one ask if the partition put up in lower
Draper meant that the (‘o~op were moving til there
The answer is no. In case you're looking for Miss
Hatch and [lit‘ illilllt‘ir cngc. it‘s now located outside
ttic cafeteria.

AND .-\ lllliil'l’i' ST l’A'l'ltlt‘lt'h‘ DAY 'l‘() \'()l'. 1‘00!

 

 

 

Faculty is the kcy-iiotc this week
as we look to the field of entertain-
ment and to "Capital Campus.“

On Tuesday night. Malcolm Attcr-
bury‘s Playhouse opened its doors
on a three-week rim of Sidney flow-
iird's Pulitrcr Prize winning play.
“Yellow Jack." The play was hailed
on Broadway as one of tlic greatest
ever produced. in u iiciii't—wiirming
human interest manner it tells the
true story of lilt‘ lici'oic ucliicvc-
mcnls oi courageous men who of-
i'cred themselves as "guinea pigs" to
conquer dist-use.

Mr Allerbury is cast as Wutiir
ltccd. the World renowned |lil_\.\it‘lh'l
and scientist. (illier Playhouse 1.1-
vorifcs featured in llic cast are .hi.l~
son l’rutt. Edward Hunt and flur-
litll'ii llurioi. .11: Pull] llrucc 11.11.11
also appears in lill‘ lurgcsl cast cit i'
used in Playhouse history it is hop—
cd that the extended run “til cu—
ublc many students and iacuily to
see this llllt' production. 'l‘ukc ud~
\‘iillliigi‘ of file "1”onchil‘lccil" stil—
dent rates!

Next Wednesday evening "(‘npi';.l
Campus." heard on station Witt)“
at 10:13) pm.. wtll feature an inic.»
\’li‘\\’ with tir. Evan it Collins. Presi-
dent of the college. it seems as
though We don't have nearly enough
opportunities to hear from our pres-
idcnt. so tune in.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

 

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918
ll:\'l‘lN(l——/\I.l.-i\l\ll£l{l(‘:\N
\ft)l.. XXXIV i\liii‘i'li l7. lllotl No Lift
\iomlu-r llisirilintoi'

\s....-..r.-.| i'......o.- l'li"< t‘ollogihe Irigi-s.
in. Illlilil llillll‘i‘ Iiiii 1»wa wt lili' .\n\\' \nii. .x’i.i.- l..|
. 1 i. 14 .u. p.11 .. i.. |\ i‘lilill oi lill‘ t'.. 1.3;.-
...i il\ - \|.\\*~ liriltl 1.. ‘.. .\.u.|.ni \ illllili'II
|‘|...n.~- \\ l’ ' il' ii» i ’iili'iv. Nil-iii Illii l'il'l‘i‘ll

'. \\ .i l \I. .. .vl tip ‘\|:\\.\' «1 111' “Hi
i l I t in . .11 \\.-.n ill\ itHiII . II || .11 I. in
I 'liit

‘ llll'. \I \\N lili\lill

rilill.l f \ \‘. :I.1\1 l‘ltlllirl' III f Im-f
Iii I(\ \l)l.i ll. I Ill | l. I'tililir l‘t'ltlllllnh I'iililol'
III \\I. H \\ l t’.lil.|t r r \porI-t I'Iillfot
t.lf \i i. '-l writ tunnlulion \lunugrr
.ltl \\ i \lifil I I. \rlu-rlluing \lnnnger
\t it If \l.l ttilf I I ~‘. Itiisinchs \Iitiiiiui'r
l\l.l.\ \ \\-t)lll I. I"i-iif|ll'i- I‘Zillltil'
(ltll.l \ |.\l llpll I‘Iu‘lnirigi- l‘ifilllll'
i.trl.lill. litll \\I It \ssocinlo Editor
(-1 l. \I ll li1\\ .\-~mnilo I‘illillll'

\l \li\ ll \ll‘.l. \~~m iiIltl I'ltlillil'

 

ISM i‘.’ l'Ii»l'l‘tll{ MARY I’l'ZNZl'II.
\| .. .1. . .i. r .1 in. ..i .1 in.» collar and
. p. . . u o \\...|in Ii ll|In|| ri-qocnl
‘-| \ti. iIIl.tli.I. .1 \\*~ .. .n... n. |i‘-[ii|tl.\lill|ll\
, rx, . .. i.n- ll i.nliiiiiiiliiculiiriiu

.. o i. .\|... _ no. .1. .i v. i. .1 .iIi-t l'i'liii'il iis \icw.
...........__._. ..__.—___A — *~ __.._——-——_.__...____

mg» ‘2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 17. 1950

PAGE 3

 

Religious Clubs

Release Further

Plans For Lent
Hillel Plans Breakfast,

Newman Sets Lecture

The program of the various re-
ligious organizations includes a con-
ference to be attended by Student
Christian Association. the Lox and
Bagel Breakfast scheduled by Hil-
lot. and a St. Patrick‘s Day Party
and the weekly lectures sponsored
by Newman Cull). Inter Varsity
Christian Fellowship will have its
noon worship and Bible study. anct
Christian Science Organization has
planned its regular meeting.

Fifteen members of Student Chris-
tian Association will attend the
state—wide conference of the Stu-
dent Christian Movement. to be held
today through Sunday at Troy. ac-
cording to Jeanne Bowen ‘50. Presi-
dent. The topic of the conference
is “Christianity Views Current Po-
litical Ideologies.“ There will also
be various seminars on Britain,
Western Europe. China. India, Unit-
ed States and the Union of Soviet
Socialistic Republics.
llackwell to Speak

Speaking at the SCA chapel Wed-
nesday noon will be Rev. R. Lloyd
Hackwell. Minister of St. Andrew‘s
Episcopal Church. His topic will be
"Thou Shatt Love Thy Neighbor."
Doris Baker '51, will be the leader
of this chapel.

Other than the St. Patrick's Day
Party which will be held tonight at
Newman Hall from 8 to 11:30
p.m., Newman Club is also sponsor-
ing" its weekly lectures. Rev. Augiist—
ine Walton. Ph.D.. of Mill Hill. Loti-
don. England. will conduct the
fourth in his series of lectures on
"Scholastic Philosophy" Thursday
at 7:30 pm. at Newman Hall.

Hilch has planned the Lox and
Bagel Breakfast to be held Sunday
at 10 am. at the Washington Ave-
nue Synagogue. according to Daiiict
(fancies '51. President. The surprise
speaker will be u physicist. who will
speak on the scientific aspcct of the
“H—Boiiib and the Future of the
World." A Judge will be present to
discuss the moral aspect of the topic.
’I‘lic price of the breakfast will be



IVCF has scheduled Rev. Frank
Clierubini from the Trinity Presby-
tcriiin Church in Schenectady to
speak at its regular noon worship.
according to Doris Price. President.
The worship will be held in Room
133.

The IVCF Bibtc Study will also
be held today at 3:30 p.111. in Room
150. Mrs. Clai'cncc ’l‘ravcr. Bible lcc-
turcr will discuss the (lospcl of
John.

The regular meeting of Christian
Scicncc Organization will be held
'l‘ncsday at 7:30 pm. in ltoom 111.

Art Exhibit In Draper
Shows Revolutionary Era

(‘zitlicrinc Newbold. Instructor in
llistory. has arranged on exhibition
on the second floor of Draper. based
on n pictorial essay of ilic your tit-iii.

The series of pictures appeared ill
the tenth of it M'i‘ti‘h of Life articles
on llic History of Weslcrn Culture
111 u post issue of the magazine. The
liilc of llic exhibition is "lilttt. Year
of Revolutions "

Among lilt' piclm'cs on display-
are: l'Inipi'i-ss l'liigcnic fllltl licr l:i~
dies; the National Worklisop ill the
(‘Iimy Prison. l’ill'ls; Victoria. Queen
of England. and the liiikc of Well-
ingiou and iiobcrt t’cel.

Commerce Club to Sponsor Film;
Present Movie Tonight In Page

According to James (‘ufui‘o no.
President of t‘onuncrcc (‘lii|i. lill‘
club \\lii picseni the ironic. "llow
(il'l't'll Wm My Valli-y." lonighl til
i; Iitl .ltlti it 30 pm in Page Admis-
sion for liti‘ performances in $40.

lfl\ llli‘illlii'ti

llt‘lli' t‘ockowski 'nll. (‘tnin'nuni of
the movie. \\'tii be assisted by (‘ui‘ol
i.tl ltowc. Adclc liiu'cl. (il'lltilltlll'b.
and Philip Mainlsky 'nfl

Juniors To Turn in Activics Sheets

Myskunui announces that all Jun—
oirs \\lio tmvc not l'i'tlll'llt‘tl their
activities sheets should do so today.
Sheets should be returned to l‘ili'tllltit'
Adams '50. in tlic Myskuiiiu mail box.

Assemblymen Voice Approval
Of CurrentL Feinberg Legislation

Pressure was once again applied
to New York State’s “pink” teachers
last week as the Feinberg bill cul-
minated its on-again. off-again ex-
istence by being upheld by the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme
Court.

This bill. which gives the Board
of Regents power to dismiss any
teacher found to be a member of
one of the groups it lists as “sub-
versive.” became effective April 1,
1949. and was declared illegal the
following fall. It only remains for
the Court of Appeals to give full
support. and the bill will stand.

Current State Assemblymen echo

 

English Teachers
To Convene Here

Discussions, Reports
Form Council Program

The Capital Area English Council.
for all teachers of English, will hold
its first meeting. tomorrow. in Rich—
ardson Lounge. according to Mary
E. Conklin. Assistant Professor of
English. who has organized the pro-
gram. Schools in the ten-county
CASDA area. are invited to partici-
pate. as well as State College Eng-
lish majors.

The theme of the session is “1m-
proving English Teaching through
Audio-Visual Aids."

The program will begin at 10 am.
with a talk "Why English?" by
Pt'csidcnl Evan R. Collins. At 10:20
am. a demonstration on “How to
Use a. Film in Teaching" will be
given by Floyd Henrickson. Profes—
sor of Education. Giving a. demon-
stralion on “Using Records in the
Classroom“ at 10:45 am, will be a
panel of student teachers.

At 11:10 a.m.. James Cochrane.
Milne Supervisor in English. will
demonstrate "Using Tape Record-
ers." A Student Methods Committee
has prepared a demonstration on
"Bulletin Boards for the English
'I‘eachcrs" at 11:30 am. From 11:45
a.m. to 12:15 pm. a question and
discussion period has been schedul-
ed.

The afternoon session will open
at 1:45 pm. willi a. discussion on
“Radio and the English Teacher" by
Anita Dunn. Supervisor in English.
"Reports on Use of Audio-Visual
Aids“ will be given at 2210 pm. by
the following teachers co—opci'nting
in oft-campus schools: Mary
liliick. Rocssclvillc. “The English
'l‘cachcr and the School PA System."
Marguerite Bostwick. Draper High
School. "The English ’l‘cacher“ and
"Student's ’t‘clcvision Sets." and
ttoberi l.ttl|t'i{.\. li.(.‘.lrl.S.. "The Time
ttccoi'dcr and the Dritinntlcs Pro-
gram.“ ltichnrd Montgomery. Super—
visor IIt English. will discuss “Using
(‘ommercint ti‘ilms. 10mm.“ from
3.30 to 21:30 pm.

'2‘.

Library Purchases Text
For Loans References

Students planning to pursue grud-
iiiile studies next year will be inter-
cslcd tll lllc hook. "Scholarships. li‘cl-
li1\\'.\illli.\. and Loans.“ by H. Norman
lK‘cni'uold. rcccnllv purchased by the
colliuc library. according to Mary
l«) (‘olib. (‘ollegc Librarian.

The minute contains complcle in-
formation on hundreds of scholar—
\llliis and loans not usually found in
school catalogs 'l‘ln'cc iiidlccs are
available as an aid to use of the
information. The book includes help-
inl suggestions on how to meet a
rcholui'slnp committee and smnptc
:ipplicaiion forms used when secur-
ing student assistance for cdiicu—
tloliiil lilliposcs

Siliolui'slnp. icllowslnp. and loan
\ii'iic-rnps llii‘ililil' the name and ad—
drcss of tlic administering agency.
oiiiililicutions and the funds avail-
able

 

'l‘lllll‘il') AIII‘IAI)

t.tlTETii)TlimS/TIOP

15ft (‘ciitral Ave. 02-0221
()pcn lilvcnings Until 0:00

SPEEDS

 

this approval of the bill as it now
stands on the state statutes.

Alonzo Waters, (R) of Orleans
County feels that the bill will not
be needed in his area and added that
he voted for passing the original
bill.

Faith in their own areas was ex-
pressed by Malcomb Wilson (R) of
Westchester County. Searles Shultz
(R1 of Onondaga County. and Jo-
seph R. Younglove (Rt. who repre—
sents Fulton-Hamilton Counties. as
they declared that they had felt no
repercussions from their constitu-
ents, and felt that there were no
fellow - travelers or Communist
teachers in their districts.

The lone lady who was asked the
question. “Would you comment on
the recent court action on the Felti-
berg Bill and explain how it will
affect your district?" was Mrs. Mil-
dred Taylor of Wayne County. She
is strongly in favor of the measure
and feels that its partial censure is
in keeping with the increased
amounts of State Aid received by up—
state schools.

She joined Raymond Combs (R1
of Monroe County in claiming she
represented the state‘s best teach-
ers white Charles A. Cusick of Cay-
uga County made support of the
bill unanimous among those con-
tacted and commented that there
has to be a control in the State
Board of Education.

These opinions reflect a view of
optimism among those legislators
questioned.

Brooklyn Tourney
Gives State Five

Debate squad returned from the
Brooklyn Tourney with ﬁve out of
eight debates won. March 23-25. two
debaters will journey to Connecti-
cut Wesleyan for participation in
the east coast ﬁnals tournament.
The winners of this tournament will
go to West Point National Tourna-
ment. March 28-30.

Thomas Godward and Walter rar-
mcr. Juniors. took the negative in
the Brooklyn Tourney. winning over
LeHigh Uinversity. New Haven State
and Tufts but losing to Dartmouth.
Edward Kurlander and Harold
Vaughn. Seniors. on the affirmative
side. were victorious over Swnrth-
more and Pennsylvania State. They
lost to New York University and
Princeton. These placed State de-
batcrs in the ﬁrst division. State
was the only tenehers' college par-
ticipating among the forty schooh.

The two debaters who will par-
ticipate in the Connecticut Tourna-
ment must be prepared to debate
both sides. Mrs. Frank Cnrrino. Iii—
structor in English illid Debate
Coach. has been invited to serve as
critic judge for the Connecticut and
the National Tournaments.

KD initiates Four First Semester
Pledges From Sophomore Class

Barbara Smith '50. President of
Kappa Delta. has announced the
names of four Sophomore girls who
were initiated into the sorority on
Monday night. ’l‘hose girls initialed
were: Shirley t‘oopcr. Amt Murphy.
.lndith Davis and Ruth Merry.

ll.F.Hiiiiikel & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone 4-2036

157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

t. a. Balfour co.

1"rulernlty Jewelers
.lEWl-IIJtY GIFTS. FAVORS

BADGES, U'l‘l'IlNS. RINGS
(‘Lllll PINS. KEYS
H'l‘A’l‘lONI'IlH’. PROGRAMS
MEDALS 'l‘lltH’llllt‘S

Write or Call
CARI. SORENSEN

Freeman To Demonstrate"

Typical 'Jury Trial' Method

 

 

30 Murray Ave. Waterford. N.Y.
Telephone 'l‘i'oy Atlantis 8—2523

 

 

DR. M. HERBERT FREEMAN,
Business Conference Speaker

Student-Faculty
Administers Poll

Seine 360 students have been re—
quested to fill out an opinionnairc
developed by the Committee on Stu-
dent-Faculty Cooperation. :1 sub—
committee of a faculty committee on
the improvement of college teach-
ing. according to Dr. Ralph Beaver.
Professor of Mathematics. The pur-
pose of the sub-committee is to ob-
tain from the students their ideas
on how student scholarship can be
improved and how the faculty can
do more to assist in the process.

l‘mierclassmen ’l‘ake Poll

The 360 opinionnaires were handed
out to classes of Juniors and Seniors
in the departments of Cmnincrec.
English. Foreign Language. Mathe-
matics. Science and Social Studies.
so that these six departments will be
about equally represented in the
poll. The summary of the opinions
will be given to the department
head.

Recommendstions or innovations
or changes in current practice. based
partly on the results of the poll. will
be made by the student committee
to the Committee on the Improve,-
ment of College Teaching.

Sample questions are: Whatcoui's-
~s should bx added to the college
curriculum? In what ways could the
faculty encourage SCi'ttlifll‘Silil)? What
incitiod of" class procedure is most
satisfactory in your llltl‘lm' field?

Commerce Convention To Present
Aspects Of Business Education

Dr. M. Herbert Freeman, Director
of Business Education. New Jersey
State Teachers’ College, Patterson,
New Jersey, will give a “Jury Trial”
procedure, at the Commerce Club
Conference. April 22, in the Ingle
Room at Pierce from 9 am. to 4 pm.

The procedure will present some
of the aspects of basic business edu-
cation.

Dr. Freeman has had wide experi-
ences in the educational. teaching.
business. and professional ﬁelds of
commerce.

Reveal Speaker’s Background

He attended NYU School of Com-
merce and School of Education, re-
ceiving his Masters Degree in 1931.
He worked on his Doctorate Degree
at the University from 1936-1942.

Before reaching his present posi-
tion. he held the positions of: Busi-
ness teacher in Somerville High
School in New Jersey; Head of Busi-
ness Department. Hastings-on-Hud-
son High School, New York; and
Business Teacher and Director of
Placement. West Side High School.
Newark.

Presents Business Experience

His business experience is varied.
having once held the position of
secretary and treasurer of a glass
corporation.

Dr. Freeman has written several
books concerning his major ﬁelds
and has had articles published in
business and general education mag-
azines. He was '47 and ’48 Editor for
the American Business Education
Yearbook.

The name of Dr. Freeman appears
in Leaders in Education.

Other prominent ﬁgures in the
business world are scheduled to ap‘
pear at the conference. where six-
teen well-known textbook and ofﬁce
machine companies will display ex-
hibits.

Committee Heads for the Confer-
cnec are as follows: Exhibits. Leon-
ard Ainlaw ‘50: Planning and Ar-
rangement, Joan Whitcraft ’51;
Luncheon. Bernadette Freet; and
Publicity. Peter Talarico, Seniors.

Milne Plans Broadway Comedy;
To Present 'Best Foot Forward'

Millie students announce the
forthcoming presentation of their
Senior play "Best Foot Forward." a
Broadway comedy, at 8:30 pm. Fri-
day. March 24. in Page Halt audi-
torium. Tickets purchased in ad-
vance will cost $.75. Those sold at
the door will be one dollar.

 

GREYLl'l‘E

compare Our

 

JUST filtftlfhllt
iiEw NYthi snake onions

DAWN TAUPE
VISA BEIGE

FOR 15 DENIER. 5t (il‘AtilC

STATE WHERE GO-OP

PHONE 1-6-11!)

TANGLlNT

Price of $1.311

 

 

 

