 

.. mmmmmwm , "mum-..

.. .ee-__w” Java—h. ....,.,.. . MW...

  

“uh. . s W .._

 

PAGE I

STATE COLLEGE NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 24. 1°50

 

Common-Stab;

 

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
Eliot necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE

awe.

BR-R-Rl . . .

Sweaters and coats have been the mode here at
State Since that sub-zero cold spell set in last Mon-
day. Instructors could not complain about lack of
attention in rooms like 100 where it is usually hot.
However, those chattering teeth, and shivering knees
knocking together were disturbing.

Periusual, Van Derzee’s automatic stoker went on
the inn: Monday night, just when it was needed most.

No need saying, Keep Cool.

THAT SPOT ON THE WALL . . .

With all the painting and. renovating being done
around school, it seems no more than right that the
people 'responsible for the Rivalry Bulletin Board
maintaln lts appearance. It is sadly lacking for a
title as Well as the latest standings of the classes.
Perhaps a change in location might also be in order.
WHAT DID YOU THINK OF STATE FAIR? . . .

From most reports, We gather that it was a big suc-
cess with much fun and spirit also shared by several
of our Alumni who Were back for this annual affair.

Our question of the week is——When will the super-
vision of these affairs be made available to all those
people who ﬁnd complaints after an affair? The
gamot of gripes include duplication and partiality.
THE BIG PUSH . . .

A deadly silence hangs over dorms and school as
the silent period drudges on. Mailboxes are empty
and Minerva is lonely at noontimes. Tonight and to-
morrow night are the big nights for all the women
of the school but the men will have to content them-
selves with a basketball game tomorrow night.

Rushing problems were not solved this year even
though the restrictions of previous years had been
lifted. Now is the time to start formulating plans for
next year that will not result in the confusion and
embarrassment.

WHAT’S NEW WITH THE SCAGS? . . .

There were three important results from the SCAG
meeting last Friday for which the Grads were ex-
cused from classes.

One—a dance will be held on St. Patrick's Day.

Two—a committee was formed at Dr. Collins’ sug-
gestion to investigate and report on the place and
function of the Grad students in relation to the en-
tire student body. This problem is unique since they
have- a remote connection with and interest in our
undergraduate activities.

Three—the SCAGs unanimously went on record as
favorlng and backing any ideas presented by the
Seniors regarding the shifting of the Graduation Pro-
gram from Page Hall to a larger hall.
SUGGESTIONS FOR GREATER EFFICIENCY . . .

Recently a phone call for one of the students was
misdirected to the Registrar’s Office and a notice was
posted on the Registrar’s Bulletin Board. Three days
later. she received word of the notice, and made a
hurried answer to this phone call, fortunately with
no serious consequences. Our suggestion is that such
important notices as phone calls and telegrams be
sent via student mail from the Registrar’s Offict.
WHA-HOPPEN' DEPT. . .

For two years now, Varsity letters have not been
awarded at Assemblies nor received by deserving ath-
letes of MAA even though there is a $151 lille in the

present budget for this very purpose.
IN PASSING . . .

Is there any justiﬁcation for the reported tension
among students regarding assemblies? Could be that
all that is needed is for someone to challenge one of
the proposed motions now pending ,or to bring up
some of the controversial issues from last year—Consti-
tutional Revisions, elimination of Myskanla, Change
of the form of Student Government.

Rivalry basketball will be played on a 2 out of 3
basis with the ﬁrst game March 16.

Snappy Men's Shop on Central Avenue reportedly is
offering a 10% discount on purchases made by SCT
students-all it takes is your registralton card.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 24, 1950 No. 1’]

lihilrlhliior
Associated Coileglliie l'rl-llii l‘olleglllle Digest
The Iliidcrgrnllliillo lil'.\\'rl|ill|il'l' of lilo New York Silllu l‘ol-
logo for Teachers; puhlishl-ll l-yl-l'y ll‘l'llllly ol' the College
yciir by the NEWS “cord for line Hilllll‘lil. [\Hrllll'lllllllll.
i'lioiicii: Willse, 15-00112; l"l'l'i-l, 2541120; Sulilln llllll l“lll'l‘ilil
8-0287, Wobbcr, 8-2102. .‘il'llllii‘l’rf lil' lilo NEWS nllli'f null"
lie l'ellcllcd 'l‘ul-slhly illlll \\'l~lllll-sll.l,l from 7 lo ll :00 p. lll.
lit 3-0107.

 

VOL. XXXIV

Member

“luull Y “III THE .‘\l'2\\H litiAIU)
4‘2 ' ."HI'I - - - — - - - - I'Jllilor-lIi-(‘illof
III‘JICNADI‘I'I‘TI‘I FIH'II'ZI. < — ' « l'illlllll lIollillolln Editor
DIANE H. \VEIUH‘J". v A ~ ~ — - - - Sports It'dilor
“MACE NCIHM - ~ ~ ‘ « 4 — — (fll'l-lillltlon hliiillmer
JOAN FARRELL - - « — - - Adult-lining Mlumger
DIIU‘IIAEL (JOIL'I'iGSli‘ — - - - - - Business Manager
ltVI‘JlYN “'(illl’ll‘ - — — - - - - — - Ftﬂlllll‘o Editor
(JIGCELIA liA'l‘Tll‘i'l‘l - l'lxcliunuo Editor
(lttlilult‘ "IIIGNNI'JR - Associate Editor
(llclIALli D'llNN - - - Amsocluto Editor
MARY FINNan - - - Almocliitc Editor

...v

 

All coiiililllniltlliioils should lll- lllllll'l'nrllill to the editor and
iiillsl be signed. .\illli(t.3 \ylil ill: \vliilllleill upon reluest.
'l‘llo S'l‘A'l‘la‘ (‘lii.l.l'llll'2 NEWS lisslllllcli lio responiiiililty
for opinions lrxlil‘l'snisli in ii; l'lilllllilld or coinlllliiiicuiiollli
In such expressions do not neccssllrily reflect its View.

 

‘0"?

 

' 3, mm: and scnuurzn ___l l

8W - Pea 14ml em

BY RUTH LIEPMAN and DAVE GLENDAY

t Egt‘ttor’s notes This column is in- more effective learning procedure
en e as a egi'nm'ng point for than a few hours of intensive cram-
di‘scussl‘on and not as a complete ming.
«Emmy?! 0f the (ﬁlliesfwn 0f exemp- One argument given against ex-
0’” mm exam "atwm- emptions is that principles and gen-
I l t , u ” eral trends are not so easily seen
it n as wicks Common Stater without the overall review that a
d Wtas 1361311 0118‘! that you. the Stu' ﬁnal examination makes necessary.
tgnéxxessbeyoiayergpmoggptgguﬁ: This is particularly true in tile ﬁelds
question of exemptions from ﬁnal or swim Stumes and E-ngliSh'
exams. What do we mean by ex_ Secondly, an exemption system,
eruptions? In this discussion we because it requires study not at the
mean that those students who have end 0f ewh semeSter ’but cmeﬂy
maintained a required average gurmg the semester' places 3’ prem-
(Which the faculty as a Whole will mm on time that Students who. are
determine) m a certain course active in extra-curricular activ1tles,
throughout a given semester won’t or Who have jObS’ ﬁnd it difﬁcut to
have to take a ﬁnal semester exam “Tori 'Those Stuaents do n0t have
in that course. the time to prepare for the all-im-
Our idea of exemptions does not portimt periodic Egstsltgme for one
,. singe exam, on e 0 er hand, is
include any system of review ex- more easily made.

ams" such as RPI has, where “re-
views’ are given at the end of a What Does the Opposm‘m Say?

semester to determine who will be Thenv though some People feel ex-
exempt from ﬁnals. Rather, exemp_ emptions are a real incentive, there

mom would be based only on class_ are others Who feel it is a false ill-
work and tests or quizzes given centlve because it compels students

throughout the semester. to put forth a continuous effort ill
What Would Exemptions Achieve? their work: These people who term
We believe exemptions achieve the lncentlve false feel that college
these purposes : students should be mature enough
(1) Exemptions place emphasis on to make outside motivation unneces-
acquiring and retaining know_ sary, and. should beable to depend
ledge through perseverent upon their own deSlre to learn.
study, rather than placing em- Nor can the teacher be forgotten
phasis merely on passing a in this discussion. Such a system of
course by cramming for exams exemptions as we have outlined
at each semester’s end , places a heavier burden on the
Exemptions reward students teacher. for he lor she) would be
who persevere at their daily compened to give (11112265 01‘ tests
class work. througout the year, and many of
Exemptions eliminate some of them do not do that now.
Egreeemleglltlal again of tdaklng In addition, the risk must be ta-
some cases we rlrés.than , i3 ken, as it is now ,that the. teacher
the disaster,“ Q‘flubgliigifycgn 311111 pilove disc'rlrlrilin'zllte in his mark-
exam because of nervousness. ungg a Tami-:1: shoeLllIdlSlge 0; gaEtC
The results of the poll which will where it shouid be B etc Ex'em _
be taken in assembly to dBtermine tions do offer the teacher the change
your Views On this SUbJeCt Will then of determining exemptions discl‘im-
be presented to the Faculty Advisory lnately
Committee. The poll, however, will Wh t 1') Y - .,
serve only to reflect your opinions, T: 0 . 0“ Thmk'
since final actions will be left up to ese me but a f.” M the al'gu'
the Faculty Advisory Committee. ments for and agalnst exemptions,
To help you decide how you feel but we hope that the ones we have
on this subject, we have listed be— med' “a “me 0f you" “lends
low a few arguments both for and lwho Will doubtlessly [contribute
against exemptions. The “Mgw their own two_cents) will at least
ments" are! however, necessarily serve as‘a basis on which to fornl
general, to cover all the teachers and the Opinions that .you will have an
opportunity to velce Oil the News

all the courses here at St . -
What Are the Favorableate poll lll assembly next week .Tllink
lt over—carefully!

Arguments?
First of all, exemptions would
[all Weeé
In ﬂuemdly

 

 

 

 

(2

4

(3

V

 

not be playing favorites to the stu-
dent with a high IQ, since this stu-
dellt would ﬁnd ﬁnal exams relative-
ly simple anyway. Exemptions would
also favor the slower student, for
quizzes or tests throughout the se-
mester would be easier to pass than
a single test based on a complete
semester's work. Rev. Denny Williams, RPI Chap-
secondly ,exemptions would prove lain. sponsored by the religious or—
an incentive for applied work dur- gullivations, addressed the assembly
lug the semester. If a student knows body.
that by maintainingacomparatively Tllc new members of tile Dl‘i'l—
hlgil average he wouldn't have to matics and Arts Council and the
take ﬁnals, he would tend to do Sophomore Pcdﬂgoguc Staff were
more thorough work, and thus learn announced by Catherine Noellliu
more The general tendency without and William Dumbleton Seniors
exemptions is to let the work slide. respectively. ' H
and depend on a few hours of hectic All appropriation of $250 was re-
crummlng at the semseter's end to quested by Debate Council from stu—
pass the course. dellt Surplus ill order for them to
Besides. educational theory seems carry on the remainder of the dc-
to show that periodic review is a bates scheduled for this selllestcr.

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁ‘lbiﬂr

Copyllghl W50 by thulie, Inc.

 

Reprinted from March 1950 luv. 0! Eiquiro

“It’s got to be heavy to stand up
against that hair ionic he uses.”

Let's Plan . . .

State College students, on the whole, are health-
fly critical of almost every phase of college life.
That at least is the ideal. ()lle phase where much
criticism arises is that of the annual budget adop-
tion.

Unfortunately, our criticism often arises lell‘l‘,
instead of before, an appropriation or a motion
has been passed. Let’s not let this happen ill i't‘gillll
to the budgets this year. Budget discussions have
been delayed ill the past by organizations not gel-
ling their estimates to the Student Board of Flilillll‘l'
on time, by missing budget hearings, and by not
planning ill minute detail the money tlllit Will be
spent.

This year there is no excuse for my luck of
thorough budget planning. The Student Board of
Finance has contacted organizations already about
planning [i‘lC budgets. We quote: “in View of llll‘
fact that ill June SCVCi‘ill hundred dollars of unex-
peuded appropriations reverted to surplus . .
and “Last year too mzmy of our organization ofi'l»
cers waited too long, illlll their budgets were llllll‘
more than carbon copies of lllcir budgets for llll’
proceeding year.”

Every request ill every budget must be l‘lill—
sldered, weighed, lllld jilSillll‘ll to Student Assurin-
lion.

Why Not? . . .

Why not have 21 Handbook for 2111 the under-
graduate students lll Sizllc? We have lllt'lllllilll‘ll
this subject before (,lillllllll‘)’ 6) ill this editorial
column. Today the motion will be brought up ill
Asscillbly, by the present lidiior of the I’llllllllhllilx'.

Her motion, as brought to Student Council Wed—
nesday night, would provide for 1000 handbooks.
The pages of one of these would be stapled lo-
gctllcl‘, and illC book would have :1 soft cover. The
changes proposed would eliminate (be still. bound
covers of previous years, and raise the number l1ll\\'
printed (000) to 1600 copies per year.

As llils been mentioned, the choice of illl‘ stiff.
bound cover is responsible for Zippl'lixllllillt‘lV llzllf
of the present Handbook budget. The lllllll(‘\'.Sil\'l‘ll
by adopting czil'dbolll‘d covers almost lllillu‘S up for
the expense of printing the extra l’lilill'S.

The information available lll illl'. l‘lilllllluilik is
pf interest to ll])[)t‘l'L‘lilSSllll‘Il us “'0” us in ll‘l‘Sllllll‘ll.
The Residence regulations, the (‘ouslilllliou of llll‘
State College Student Association, illt‘ llliljlil‘-llll|llil'
office [)lilll, llll‘ Silldcnl :\SSlil‘lillilill blldgcl, illl‘
class and organization ofﬁcers, illlll llll- Slil‘lil'llY roil-
ullliiolls should be ziyziilziblc lo L'\'l‘l‘)' Slillll‘lli. iii llll'
time when he needs lllzll illllil‘lllililllll.

He should not have to depend upon Word of
mouth for his “facts.” “(5 should be illill' lo l‘llll-
suit his copy of the tile L‘lillS‘llllllllill lll Assuublv.

The S/uli' ('ol/(‘gl' .\'r'7l'l‘ l‘l’l‘lilllllll‘llllS‘ llll- passage
of this million when it comes up lodzly.

More Room . . .

This June il will lll‘ zlllliosl lil1\'>ll'l’lll\' ilupom'
blw to hold gl':l.|u;llillll ill l'ugl‘ llilll, \villllllll lll-
\‘ldillg llll‘ gl‘lllllllllioll ill some llll‘llllll'l‘. ll would
lllll be [ill'i‘lSl'llll iii llil\'l' (lll'SlS’ Sl'illl'll llli\\'|l\l.'lll"
lll llll’ gym, lllll' lo l11l\'l' llll' (ll'iilllll’lll‘ gl':lllll;llillll
lll'lll Si‘l)ill'illl‘l_\' ll'lilll illl' Sl-lliol‘ .‘llluil'. l‘:\'l‘ll lull
lllg [his ll'llll‘l‘ ~ilp would ll‘l'l\'l‘ llll‘ Sl'llilll‘~ will!
lose lll;lll llll‘l‘l' guests £l|il(‘l'l‘.

'lllis \'l'.'ll“.\ lllllillilll‘l‘ is building lll |I.'||l llll
llll- l'i'lilil'l lll lilll _\‘l‘.‘ll".\ l‘lillllllllll‘i' lll] llll‘ gl'udll
(I'lllill sillllllioll. \\'llill' Sl'\'l'l';ll plzll‘l-s ill'l‘ lllllll‘l' loll
>|lll'l'i|lllili. llll‘ l'illlll'l‘ llll‘illl‘l' sl‘cllls llll'llllV \llll
l‘ll, (ll Il-zlsl plusilillly, lll lll.‘ lll'l‘llS lll Sl:lll~'~
grilllllillillg l‘lil'n.

'l‘lll'l'l‘ :li‘l' lllll'lll". of l'lllll'Sl‘, lull Illili:' l‘\ll‘[ll

llll‘ llll‘k lll .‘ll’illll‘lllll :lllll \l‘llllllll‘llll'll .‘lllllmpllrlv
lllzll l'l‘llllllil be ll‘llll‘llll‘ll lll‘ Illllllxll‘ll. 'l‘llv lil'.‘lll\
llilyl- \‘l li'll ill go .‘llllllg \lilll llll' Sl-llilll's lll lllolillu

gl‘alllilzllillll off llll ('xllllplls‘.

I\ow ll I'l’lllilillh llll' lillllll\' :lllll :llllllilli~~ll';llioll
lo approve llll‘ ll-lllzlllll- pl;lll~, so lllill lll‘lllllll'
l’ll'l‘iillgl'llll'llls (Jill lll' \\'li|’l\’l‘ll lllll. \\l- lll-ll

I ‘ llllpl'
they will do lll!,;,

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY FEBRUARY :5

6—9 p.iil. Sorority “lilll'l Suppers

SATURDAY FEBRUARY 25

0 pm. Sorority 1"(ii‘lllill Dillill-i‘s

'7 pm. Bliskclbllll gillllo Willi 'l‘l'iplle (illll‘h
MONDAY, FEBRUARY :3

4:30 pm. Dullnto Willi Yl‘SlliVll University

7:30 p.lli. Dublllc witll Yl‘siilVll Universin
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1

7:30 pm. Debate with St. Rose lib St. Joseph‘s l-luli

 

Announce Tests
To Fill Positions
ln Civil Service

The U. S. Civil Service has all-
lloullced a Technologist examination
for positions ill Washington, D.
0., and vicinity, at salaries ranging
from $3,825 to $10,000 a year.

Applicants qualifying for the ex—
amination must have la) completed
a 4-year college course leading to a
bachelor's degree in technology,
chemistry, engineering, physics ,or
other physical science, or lb) have
had 4 years of successful technical
experience, or lc) have had a com-
bination of such education and ex-
perience. In addition, they must
have had professional experience of
a scientiﬁc or technical nature, in-
cludillg some experience ill a branch
of technology. Pertinent graduate
study may be substituted for part
of the professional experience. No
written test will be given.

Those interested may obtain lll-
foruliltiou and application forms
from lllost first and second-class
post ofﬁces. from Civil Service re—
gional ofﬁces. or from the U. S.
Civil Service Commission, Washing-
ton 25, DC. Applications should be.
sent to the Commission's Washing—
ton ofﬁce and must be received not
later than March 14, 1950.

66714151 camped

By PAT BRADY

Hats off to Mr. Reno Kuouse, the
Planning Committee for Brother-
hood Week, zllld Radio Council for
their noteworthy contributions to
Albany‘s observance of Brotherhood
Week. _

A tremendous campaign of l‘dcllO
programs was aired over the various
stations in Albany throughout the
week. All the stations were extremely
cooperative ill donating time illld fu-
cilitics for the promotion of tile
culllpaigil slogan, "Accept or reject
people on their individual worth.

Only two days remain of the week
designated for Brotherhood. but you
may still have an opportunity to
hour 11 few of the programs that will
form the conclusion of the current
culllpn‘lgil.

Tonight on station WROW lll
10:15 ]).lll., :1 panel discussion will i)l'
presented by melllbel's of tile incul-
tv. Dl'. Theodore Standing, 131'. Watt
Stewart and Miss Il‘L‘llC Osborne
will discuss “Civil Rights and Broth—
erhood." This would be all lllll‘l‘-
cstiilg ﬁfteen minutes of llllyollc‘s
lime.

Oil Saturday afternoon ill 3 1).lll..
Rulil Lil‘plllllllll. Bert .Illbloll and
Daniel Gullclcs will llppcilr on John
Molilltecl"s disc-jockey pi'ogl'ulll (ill
WP'I‘R. This would be ll good way in
("lllcil up (ill the illll‘st lullcs us well
us to hour your fellow sllldcllls‘
\’ll‘\\'S’ (lll i)l‘()illl‘l'i10(,i(l.

On Saturday ill. (5:30 pm. ml slu-
lloll WROW, the youth group lii
Llll‘ Nlltlollill Assolrllllillll for lill‘ Ad-
Villlt'l‘llll‘ilL of Colored People Will
sponsor ll lilllll‘l discussion ()11 llll‘
luplc, “A li‘lfly-lwo W(‘l‘l( Brother-
hood Your." ll‘\‘\’lll ’I‘l'illllbzliull ‘50,
will be Slate's (‘lillll'lblllillll lo llll'
llllill‘l. \\'l1il'll will lliso illl'llidl- Mle
Bl‘llll'lZ Aulllio College of S1. ifllM';
Miss lll‘il‘li .llll'ksllll, Ullllill Ulli\’l'l‘.\-
lly School of Nursing lllld Miss Shil-
ll'\' llllllllllll. lillssl-ll Hugo. This lllp-
id is l‘l‘llil)’ loud for llllillilllll l'lll' llll
of us. Don't just lllllll lill' |)l':l('ll('l'
lll lll'lillll‘l‘llllUfl to (NW \l'l'l-k llllllil' ll
ii your l'ollllll pl'ojl-l-l!

Slate Debaiors To Meet Comell,
Participate in Brooklyn Tourney

(“UH/llllll‘ll]I‘lilil f’lll/l‘l. ('ollllllil Ii
ill wull'il llll‘ lllil.ll'l‘:» l() iJl' lilirxll‘ll lill
llil‘ (ll'llllll' blllh-llll l)liiil'll lll ili\\l‘l'
i)i‘ll|)l‘l'.

iVlill'l'll ll) :lllll ll. Slilll' \\lll pill‘ll—
l'i|)'.lll‘ ill l.lil‘ lll'lioklyll lll\ll:llll)llill
'i'lilll’llllllll'iii :ll lil'uoklyll. llllll llil‘
following l"l'lllll_‘, llllll Silllll‘lllly llll’
hilllilll \vlll lllkl- liill'l lll llll' lil‘lliolllil
l)l'l)illl' 'l‘lllll‘lll‘y alt l.‘.ll:llllpllllll,

H.l-'.l-Ionikol & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1005 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 24. 1950

Belles Of Saint Mary's

 

Jack Frost Strikes Again;
Chills Lectures, Abodes

Birdseye Frosted foods had
some stiff (literally) competition
this week as the stories of win-
ter’s pranks roll in.

The Belles of St. Mary’s were
especially hard hit when their
stoker failed in the middle of
the sub-zero blast.

Ink, tomato juice, gold fisll
and cakes were frozen in and on
the window sills of the girls’
dorm rooms. A report from one
dorm gave out that bread and
cheese were stiff. (a COLD com-
bo on white!)

Those students who disdain
buses in favor of their own cars
awoke Monday and Tuesday to
slushy motors.

lll one dorm it was told that
stuffing stuck in around the
windows blew out on the floor.
Other girls tried tucking bian-
kcts over the windows and then
sllivel'cd ill bed!

Classes sllivcrcd and replied
to questions through chattering
teeth. It was the same all over
—pretiy chilly!

l awaaiewama

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President of
the College. Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
Dean, and Edward J. Sabol. Co-
ordinator of Field Services will at-
lcucl a conference of the American
Association of School Administra-
tors which is comprised of Superin-
lcudcllls and College Administra-
lol's from the entire United States,
lo be held Sunday through Thursday
at Atlantic City. Other than this
conference, they will also attend a
meeting of lilC American Education-
211 Research Organization.

Edward J. Sabol. Coordinator of
Field Services. and Paul C. Bulgcr,
Assistant Provost at Teachers Col-
lege. Columbia University, and for—
merly Coordinator of Field Services
of Sillle College, will go to the nicot-
ing oi“ the National Institutional
Teacher Pluccml‘llt Association, to
be held Saturday and Sunday at
Alilllllic City. Tile meeting will ill-
elude a panel on the status of Place-
mcllt Bureaus.

Peter L. Fulvio. Financial Secre-
tary. will leave his position effective
March 1, ill order to practice law
lll Albillly.

Dr. Evan R. Collins, Pl'esidcul of
the College, Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
Dl‘illl, lilld Edward J. Sabo], Co-
ordinator of Field Services, ill't‘ lll-
lending ll. meeting held today and
lolllorl'ow lll Allullllc City of the
Alllol'lcull Association of Teachers"
Colleges. which is COIllpOSl‘d of :11]
tile Tl‘ilclll‘l‘s' Colleges in the United
Sillll‘s. Al. lllc meeting they will
discuss the problems pertinent to
llll'Sl‘ institutions.

Flln'l‘llf'l‘ E. Rlllllll‘S. [llsil'uclor llllll
Supervisor of Lillill, bus had 1111 or-
lil'll‘ ])lll)llSll(‘(l clltillcd “Audio—Vis—
llill AlllS lllld Ollll‘l' RCilllil for l.l1l‘
l.illlll ’l‘l'lll'llcl'” ill the (‘iiissicul
‘Vl'i'kly of l“(‘l)l'll:ll‘}' 2 . 1050.

i)l'. .1. W1‘Sli')' (‘llllfll‘1'5, Professor
of Hillllilhll. liilS ill‘l'il requested lo
:Il'l :lS‘ ('llilll'lllilll of the High School
Session lll llll‘ 1000 llll’f‘lilliJ. of llll‘
Allll'l'll’llii ASSUL‘lilllllil of 'l‘l‘ul'lll'l's
of Spulllsll illlll l‘.;l'lligllcsc ll) l)l'
lll'l(l ill NI‘W ()i'll‘illls, Louislllllll, l)l-—
l‘l'llllll‘l' L20 lilill “.31. 19:30.

 

 

 

lir. (llllll'il‘H 1.. Alllll'l'w's, Professor.

of l’llysll's. will give ll if‘l’llll'l‘ llllll
il (ll‘lllllllhll'illlllli (ill Microwave ()p—
lll‘S llll‘ llll‘ slillll'llls lll' llll‘ i’lli'rlll's
lll'l‘ill'lilil'lll ill \Nl'Sll‘_\'illi Ulllllcl'slll.
blillllll'lliwll, ('lillill‘l'lll‘lii. Mill‘l‘ll l.

OTTO ll. MENOE

J EWELER

 

’i'IlE (‘Ollld-Kllﬂ

103 (Telllriil Ave.

 

Members of Stromboli Follies which was presented by men of St.
Mary's Park last Saturday at State Fair. Rear: Richard Scott, Robert
Donnelly, Edward Lindsey; Front: Gerald German, Earl Sipe; Bark-
er: Henry Koszewski. Tlle production took third place ill the money-
making contest.

glee Man’d @pt'm'on

 

After a noticeable absence due to
conditions beyond control leg. ex-
illllSI Advanced Drumatics burst
forth once more on the stage of
Page Hall.

The ﬁrst offering which was di-
rected by Marty Downey was given
l'oul- bells and a king-sized Oscar by
our viewer. Most of the players Were
up to par. but special attention is
given to Rcuec Gordon for her por-
trayal of an eigilt-ycnr-old girl. Her
voice. mannerisms and actions were
completely ill keeping with the char-
acter sllc was playing. Jackie Mann‘s
character wasn't thought to be con-
sistently sustained and we had clif-
ﬁculty hearing her Annie at all
times. Dick Clements was disap-
pointing when he stumbled over ills

Language Bulletin Gives
Spanish Contest Rules

A Spanish contest will be held
lll May at all levels of Spanish, uc—
rordillg to Dr. James Wesley Child-
el's. Professor of Spanish. Tile prizes
will range ill value fronl a medal lo
11. trip to South America.

Tllc contest. Was nillloullccd ill llll-
February. 1950. issue of the "Lull-
llllilgv Federation Bulletin." Spanish
Silltll'llif-l will receive nddiliouill lll-
"l.‘..llulloll from their instructors.

Till} bulll llll lllso Slilll‘fl tllut olil~
(‘1‘ lililgulluc l'olllcsls will follow llll'
Splllllsll ('(lllll‘Sl.

 

'l‘llRl'II'I SPEEDS AHEAD
78 —— 45 — 331/3

BLlli‘. NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Opcll Evenings llllill 0:00

 

 

     
   

I I
5141/ Where flu-flown 6'0“

 

lV‘lol‘lsl Si (ll'l‘clllllillSl‘
(‘orlicr ol'
()N’I‘ARIU lb BENSON
DIAL 4-1125
(‘lilll‘gl‘ ll'llll'lsl. l'lil' Yl‘ill'h‘
Spul'lui Attention to
Sororities lllld I“l'1|lerllili€s

 

 

 

SA VIC lll",

198-200 (:icN'l'nAi. avenue
M 1*) A I. TICKETS

 

()N |"()()l) COSTS

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

PHONE 5-llll3

“MEET ANI) EAT AT THE BOUI.”

HAVE lll";

ALBANY, N. x.
$5.50 FOR $5.00

 

 

lines. As for 1110 other characters,
the less said the better.

We would like to give special mell-
tioll to Miss Du‘vl'lley's sets. Tllcy
were terriﬁc and had a deﬁnite pro—
fessional quality about them.

Aside from the fact that the play-
ers used money which didn’t have
that musical “clillk” our viewer
thought that the production was one
of the best to come out of Advanced
Dramatics.

Tile second production, directed by
Eileen Brooks, could not compare
with tile ﬁrst. Joe Keei'e's broguc
was slurred as usual and his tempo
ill delivering his lines was much too
quiet 10 be always understandable.
Tom Hughes came up to the prom-
ise he has been showing ill previous
productions.

We were favorably impressed by
the sllillllllcriilg gold doors and the
paper milcllc rocks.

All in all. it was Miss Downey
lmd C(Jlll|)flll_\"S night to bowl. They
were llle stars. and the others were
merely supporting players; yet they
all provided :1 very enjoyable evo-
llillg.

 
   

Hallmark Greelirlg

Be sure to visit our

for every occasion.

STATE
00-

Tel.

Around our new display of disiinciive

of friendliness glows...For everyone who

buys a Hallmark Card from our wide

section and see our complete line of

dislincllve Hallmark Cor‘"

PAGI 3

Religious Clubs
Schedule Events
This Weekend

Arrange Study Group,
ommunion, Meeting

IVCF, SCA, Newman, and IZFA
are scheduling events for this week-
end and next week. Activities to take
place are an area meeting with RPI,
Union and the Albany Medical
School, a Lenten Discussion at the
home of a faculty member, a Com-
munion. Sunday and a study group.

According to Doris Price ’50, Pres-
ident of IVCF, Mrs. Clarence A. Tra-
ver will act as speaker today in the
Bible Class at 3:30 pm. ill Roonl 150.
Mrs. Tl'avcr’s topic Will be on the
Gospel of St. John. Tomorrow, IVCF
will hold its area meeting with RPI,
Union, and the Albany Medical
School at tile YWCA ill Albany. Dr.
Eugene Kellersberger. M.D., will
speak on “Christ and the Leper."
Dr. Kellersberger is general secre-
tary of the American Mission to
Lepers. The meeting will begin at
8:15 pm

SCA Continues Lenten Discussion

Jean Bowen ’50, President of SCA
has announced the continuance of
the Lenten Discussion Group meet-
ings at the home of Dr. Frances Col-
by, Instructor ill Ellglisll. The discus-
sion group will meet every Wednes-
day night at 238 State Street. Speak—
er at SCA's Chapel Wednesday will
be Rev. Leroy Brandt, from the Dei-
mar Dutch Reformed Church. Rev.
Brmldt‘s topic Will be. “Thou shalt
love the Lord tlly God witll all thy
heart.“ Joan Perille. 51. will be Cila-
pel lender. and Grace Scism ’50, will
act as soloist.

Newman to Receive Communion

Newman Club. according to Mary
Arden Lyllcll ‘50. President, will re-
ceivc Communion ill a group Sull-
dily ill conjunction Witll National
Newman Day. Newman Clubs all
over the United States will receive
Communion on this day. Tile time
and place where Newmrmites will
receive Comlllullion will be posted
on the Newman Club bulletin board
lll Lower Draper.

IZFA will 110ch ll study group Slill-
chly at 12 noon ill. the home of Carol
Pufcles. 14 Celltel'view Drive, Troy.
for all members and others who
wish to attend the meeting.



Thu:
53’

a; b
($35
I

g
is

    

Cords the warmth -.-

seleciion is being friendly . . . is
remembering someone on some special , \

occasion or iusi saying “hello.”

new greeting card

  
 
  

GOLLEGE
OP

4-6419

      
 

 

