    

PAGE 2

For '54 . . .

Every fall State College opens its arms to a
new crop of students. Beanies dominate the scene
and eager faces ask a million questions. Faculty
and upper classmen look expectantly to see what
this new class has to offer in the way of new
ideas, new personalities and inspiration.

This year the beanies are blue and the class
numerals are ’54. They come four hundred strong.
This year we’re worried about a war in Korea
and taxes are higher. But are our welcome to
you, the ’54 blue jays, is just as warm. If you
don’t already know it or haven’t heard it, State
College is a friendly place.

You’ll find fifty-one, the green class, though in-
terested in serious matters like practice teaching,
will be glad to offer its friendship. Your sister
class, the bumblebees, will do its best to make
you feel at home and the red, though your rivals,
will be close to you because it has just finished
a year of the same kind of experiences that you
will have soon.

You will recieve all kinds of advice about pro-
fessors, sororities, fraternities and organizations.
Do your own thinging about some of these things.
React to State College in a positive sincere way
and it will treat you the same.

We Explain . . .

Nearly all of the approximate 1700 who reg-
istered at this college this week paid a fee amount~
ing to $17.50, $12.50 more than the registration
fee of previous years. This fee was paid on notice
to students in the form of a letter signed by the
Dean of the College.

Information from the office of Hermann L.
Cooper, that is. the central office of the Trus-
tees of the State University of New York, ex-
plains this additional fee. It includes the regis-
tration fee originally collected and represents a
proportion of the bonded indebtedness on the
student union building which is a charge against
all students in the teacher education programs in
New York State.

Throughout the country colleges under state
university systems have built student union
buildings at the expense of no one else. The stu-
dents have paid the complete bill through oper-
ating these buildings. We are paying only a small
part of the expenses involved in constructing and
operating our student union facilities.

Co-op Plan . . .

Co-op, as a Co-op, became a reality last Sep-
tember when, under the management of Mr. Ray-
moan Verrey, a non-profit corporation was set
up. Students eouid each pay a dollar to defray the
costs of bookkeeping of the new system and could
continue to buy books, supplies and equipment
at the (‘o-op at regular retail prices. Students who
invested a dollar in the plan, had each purchase
recorded on the books of the Co-op. It seems that
the plan has been profitable. Those who have
turned in their (‘o-op cards have realized an ap-
proximate nine percent return oii the amount of
money they each spent in the (Io-op last year.
We suggest strongly that you join the (lo-op plan
this year.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIO
BY THE CLASS OF IDII

ltA'l‘lNG—ALL-AMERICAN
September 22. 1950 No. 1

Member lilatriiorior
Anaociiited (.‘olieghite l'I'I'NN (‘ollogiiite liigeu:
'l'llt: iiiiilei'grrirliiiiin newspaper of the New I'lrl'k Hiritu (‘ol
logo for ‘l‘eiieliers; |riiliii~|wd every Friday of illl' (,‘ollegr-
ieiil‘ by this NEWS lion-I ioi' lllt' Hliiiielit Association.
Phones l-‘r-nm-l. '.‘ ‘.Hil'J. \l‘olt'i'. '.' 11.5711. .\llii.. .“i tliili. .\l1'l|l
iii-M ol' the NI‘JWS ~lull' iii.i_\ lH' I'l'lll‘llt‘li 'i‘in-sdiiy iiiiil
Winnie-day from T in II Jill p in .11 It illtlT
.\l.\l¢\' I’l'ZN'IJ'lI. - ‘ - - ~ s - —
IIIHJHI'Z H\\.\lt'l‘7. -
(I'I'iltAlJ) IH‘NN -
EVELYN “(H.FI‘; —
IIAIH’I'H' \III.I( — - — - < -
"All. III (‘IHIAN - r x - » -
III'ZVI'IIIIJ' Itl “LINN - r - (‘ircnliillim .“IIIIIIHI‘I'
.l\.\'l-2 ('OOK - ‘ - A ~ ~ Advertinlnu Murmur-r
.HlHl'il'lI N "In - ' » - r < ~ — "llhllllmn \Iiiiiiiui-l
I‘I'if'l'il.l.\ IIA'I‘TIH'I'I ‘ - - e — - - I‘IM'liiuigo I‘ifllltll
SURINI'I t‘.\|ttr‘ll.l. » — < - r - Associate Editor
\It"l'tlltl.\ I'JAIH'2 — - ~ - Aromcliilri Editor
trltAt‘l'l SHII‘II - - - - ‘ - - Armor-into ICIIltiir

 

VOL, XXXV

I'ldltiir-Iii-(‘liiof
(‘riJliiiIiIuiriu I‘idilor
- - t'o»\liiiiiiu|iiu l‘illlltll‘
» l'iibllc Itelutloiin I'Iilltor

- - Hportn I'illlltir
Hiuilor Hpurtu Member

 

.iii I'tllilllllliill'd Ioliri nlioiiid in- uditrr-iiuad to tins editor and
iltlinl Ire, slain-.1 \..inr-.. uni lili wlilllltiltl tlllilli for treat.
1']... g'i'A'i'i-J l'lll,l.l'ilil'i \i-.\1.~i iirooiimm no rimpoiialiillty
for opinions i'xjri'i'nniiii iii 11‘ illilllllllit or coiniriiiiilcuiioiu
u urn-ii ﬁlpi'r'nnliiltn .i.. iioi Ilct'i'urllll‘ily rufiuct it] View.

 

-3

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22. 1930

  

 

‘71:. seal 7m

 

 

“The weight of this sad time
we must obey;
Speak what we feel, not what we
ought to say.
The oldest hath borne most; we
that are young
Shall never see so much, nor live
so long.”
—Lear. V 3, 323
This is certainly a grievous time
for those of us who are among
that unfortunate group known as
“Frosh.” Never fear, their venge-
ance will comei Since it will. I'll
leave their woes and turn my at-
tention to a less local matter.

At the time of this writing. no-
one except perhaps those in high
position, knows the trouble to
come. Certainly there is a was in
Korea, and it is developing into
more than a border dispute. Cir-
cumstances are unsettled; plans
are impossible to niake; we in the
draft group are unsure that we
will be able to finish our education
uninterrupted. The future is un—
decided. The past is being ignored.
The present is chaotic.

It is in just such a time as this
that our training as persons of in-
telligent thought. not simply as
teachers, should keep us objective.
There are decisions of national
policy which we find hard to Tin-
derstand; not being in a position
to altar this policy. the next suit-
able action would seem to be a
search for understanding.

If we should win this war. peo-
ple of our training and education
will be responsible for the estab-
lishment and leadership of con-
structive peace. for only in peace
can individuals better their atti-
tudes. If we should lose this war.
it is just as important that we re-
member our freedom of thought
and keep it alive. for then we
should be the only custodians of
truth in a deluded world.

By JOHN LINDBERGH

Gammon-Stale);

By GORSKIE and KYLE

 

 

Enlistment is a prerogative to
students of draft age; it will swell
the ranks and perhaps hasten the
war’s end, but there is more to
war than fighting. After the vio-
lence there will be a period of de-
moralization and unrest. as after
every war. In such times of fear
were bred the hatreds which nour-
ished the development of the Nazis
and the Fascists. Fear invites mud-
dled thoughts and appeals to emo-
tion. We as teachers and people of
unbiased minds are the logical
ones to make peace a part of daily
life. and to insure for ourselves,
incidentally, a place in society.
Leaders of systems built on foun-
dations of hate and illogical pre-
judice have little respect for free
thought. The teaching profession
is at the base of every progressive
society. Without guidance, children
will grow up in ignorance and the
populace will be subject. to sway by
its belly rather than by its head.

Throughout this rather stuffy
little essay I have stressed repeat-
edly the position of teachers as
people of education and clear
thought. It is my sincerest desire
that, in the course of my studies.
I shall not disillusion myself or be
disenchanted by others in the pro-
fesslon.

All this is ancient stuff. since
Socrates said that no evil can hap-
pen to a good man in this life or
after death, and it has been re-
iterated ever since. with the air
of being newly discovered. These
ideas have been obvious for cen-
turies, but they are useleSs when
men forget them. I consider it not
a waste of time to disinter them.

In closing. I would like to wel-
come the new students and greet
the others. May our stay here for
another year be profitable and en-
riched by the experience taught in
books. by teachers and through the

painful quietness of friendship.

Revised College Calendar

Fall Semester—1950

Freshmen Assembly. Page Hall
1:30 pm. September 18.

Faculty meeting, College Lounge.
4:30 pm. September 18.

Payment of fees by upperclnssmen
and graduate students A-L Septem-
ber 19.

Payment of fees by upper class-
men and graduate students M-Z.
September 20.

Instruction
September 21.

College not in session October 13.

Mid term reports November 1.

Thanksgiving recess begins 5:25
pm. November 20.

begins 8:10 am.

Instruction resumed 8:10 am.
November 27.
Christmas vacation begins 5 :25

p.m.. December 20.
Instruction resumed 8:10 am. Jan—
uary 3.

Mid-year examinations
n.m.. January 20.

begin 9

 

Raymund lrorr. ()(Iulrur l‘15lliuim ol ISQUlRf'

 

Spring Semester 1951

Payment of fees by freshmen
January 22.

Payment of fees by upper class-
men and graduate students A-L.
January 23.

Payment of fees by upper class-
men and graduate students M-Z.
January 24.

Second semester begins 8:10 a. in.
February 5.

Spring recess begins 5:25 pm.
March 21.

Instruction resumed 8:10 llJll.
April 2.

Mid-term reports March 21.
Moving Up Day May 5.
Memorial Day tholidayi May 30.
Final examinations begin 9 am.
June 2.
Alumni and class day June 16.
Baccalaureate service 4 p. in.
.liiiie l7.
Commencement June 18.

Copyright 1950 by lbiJUIRt, Inc.

“I helped put/loo men through college today”

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

ONCE MORE THE GRIND . . .

With registration and those new schedules so much
more interesting than the ones we filled out .
receptions, receptions, all places, all kinds—SCA and
Ockies. each with a charm all its own; not to men-
tion the Junior Guide reception. the All-College re-
ception, the President’s reception, ad infinituin, ad
nauseum . . . with more cokes. hokey-pokies, hand-
shakes than two rather decrepit juniors can take

. and finally. there are classes. the hectic business
of “readjusting” to new faces, new profs, and, of
course, the same old Co-op lines . . . but don't get
us wrong, it doesn’t bore us. we love every minute
of it.

FROSII ONLY . . .

We’d just like to add our hello to the many others
that have already been extended to you. Frosh Camp
and the Junior Guide reception have effectively
shown you the fun and friendship on which life
here at State is based. Now it's your job to make it
a part of you. There‘s lots more to come, with
chances for everyone to prove his individual worth
in making ‘54 a class to be reckoned with. So once
more. good luck. and remember. the eyes of the.
school are upon you. Give them something to see!

SPEAKING OI" MONEY . . .

There has been quite a stir among the members of
thc pauper set at State over the increase in this
year‘s registration fee. The $17.50 you paid includes
not only the original $5.00 per semester fee that has
always been paid in the, past but a new tax. so to
speak, to distribute more evenly the burden of pay-
ing for the new Student Unions and class buildings
being constructed by the State University. If it
weren't for this tax rise. the cost of living in these
dorms would jump to such an extent that no one
could afford to live in them. Since we all expect
to reap the benefits of the new Student Union. it
seems only fair that we should bear the costs. The fee
is not peculiar to State. by the way. but has been
levied on all branches of the State University of
New York for the same purpose. We‘ve got to real-
ize that we are expanding. and the extra money out
ofdour pockets will mean a fuller education in the
en .

CONGRATS . . .

to Gamma Kap and Chi Sig on their new houses.
The housing situation, in general. has really 1111-
proved. although we have heard some rumors aboiil
third-floor ’l‘huriow and some rooms at Siiyies and
Pierce, with six girls living where there used to be
two. Things are really looking up.

JUST TO MENTION . . .

registration this year was surprisingly efficient. Up-
pcrciassmcn who have suffered throus'h past yeais
were impressed with the planning on the part or
the administration to alleviate what used to be a
horror.

MAKING NAMES . . .

are Evie Wolfe and Jess Barnet. Evie's writing
it column each Sunday for the Times l'nion which
will cover the social activities of all the area cani—
puses. Jess who displayed his musical talents in last
year‘s Soph Big Four is having one of his song plug-
ged by Fran Warren. has his own radio show. and
is in line for a TV audition on "Songs for Sale."

DON‘T FORGET . . .

to buy your Co‘op card before you bin your books
and school supplies. its siiai'e-tiie-wi-iiith plan last
your really paid off ill quite ll few dollars for such
ii small investment.

Wlt‘lth (ELM) TO HEAR . . .

that Kl.)lt has dropped the disci‘iininitoi'y clause in
its constitution. The (‘.ainnias have been working to-
ward this goiii for 11 long time. and finally the im-
tioiiiii has come through. Before the end oi the year
we hope till the Greeks on campus will be open
it's about time they saw that such clauses are both
Ulljlih’t and outdated.

THE LONG LOST . . .

Pods will be making their appearance this Mon»
day. Take it from us, the book was worth the won
We only hope piiblisonig problems won't crop up
again. Maybe ii dillei'i-iit publisher . . .

Aliill'T ()I'IKSI‘LIA'I'IH . . .

We're new ill this panic. so don‘t t'tiillllM‘ u:. We're
open to criticism, but keep it t‘ll'lill.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

li‘ltlliAY. SI‘IIVI‘ICMIII'ZII 2:2

12:30 pm Student (‘oinieii iiii'i-iiiiii. l.lllllll.’,l'

11-12 pm Ni-wniiiii (‘iiib Reception, Ni-winziii llilll

15 pin H(‘A I'l'l'l'lliltill l)l‘l:li|:.. proiip lllt't'i ill
from oi iii'iipei'.

SA'I‘I'IiIiAI'. Si-Il”l‘l-2i\llllillt ‘3:

'l;litl—ll |iiii All~(‘oiii'gi* iii-i'cplloii. l'iiitc liiiii iiiiii—
diioriuiii.

MONDAY. Slil"l‘l'lhlltlilt I”

11 um l)I.~.lriliiitioii oi i’i'iiiigogiii's Iii Allllt“.

12—12(lilpni Distribnlioii oi iiiiiiilbook, entrance to

(‘onnnons

l"l‘t‘.‘.llilliiil Orientation

Iiiiii iiiiditoitiin

TUESDAY. HI‘II’TI‘IMIII'ZIt 7511

3:30 pm Commuters College Reception.

r

3 '35 pm begins. l'iiiie

Frosh Program
Dominates Plans

On Greek Slate

KDR Changes Clause
Restricting Membership

Inter-Sorority Council, and fra-
ternities Kappa Delta Rho and Ed-
ward Eldred Potter have released
information concerning t h e i r
groups.

Inter-Sorority Council has sched-
uled a freshman Orientation pro-
gram for Monday, October 2, ac-
cording to Beverly Kuhlkin ".11.
President. The sorority members
will discuss the complete rushing
system and answer any questions
the freshmen women wish to ask.

The Gamma chapter of the Kap-
pa Delta Rho fraternity at State
was represented by Donald Ely '51
at the 39th animal convention held
in Berkley at the University of Cal-
ifornia during the week of August
23. George Waldbillig ‘51 who ac—
companied Ely was appointed
Official Recording Secretary for
the convention. The constitutional
clause limiting fraternity members
to white Gentiles was withdrawn
from the constitution at this cori-
vention. According to Mr. Ely, this
is the first national fraternity to
preinit no membership restrictions
in their constitution.

The Edward Eldred Potter Club
has obtained a new house mother.
according to Paul Carter ‘51. The
new housemother is Mrs. Grace E.
Smith, originally of Riehfield
Springs and formerly a house
mother at it girls‘ dormitory in New
York City.

Norton Releases
Commission lnlo

Attention is brought by Virginia
Norton ‘51. Grand Marshal of
Campus Commission. to rules gov-
erning passage on tiic stiiii'wiiys
and articles which are lost. or
found.

15y following the directions as
shown by the arrows on the. walls
near the sliiii'wiiys lending to sec-
ond floor Draper, congestion can
be iiVoided.

For information concerning eith-
er lost or found articles students
are requested to contact. Virginia
Norton ‘51 or Helen liagei ‘53
through strident mail.

Students in charge of the various
duties of Campus Commission are
l‘i\’(‘l)'ll chnson. Cafeteria; Kalli-
lcen Ryan. Posters; I'lsteiie Weis—
lJlilli. Victroiii; Marilyn Lewis. Mi-
ineogruph, Juniors; lietty Ann (‘.oy—
kcndiiil, Mailboxes; lleieii lliuici.
Lost. and l"()llll(l; ()wen Smith.
lliiiis: Marlene Soiilliard. (Tom—
inoiis; and Peter lion. Coke iVlii~
('lllllt‘, Sophomores. New officers
are Ann itiiey '53. Secretary. and
Jacqueline (‘.oplon '52. 'l‘i'eiisiirei'.

Resume instructions
in Driver Training

'i‘iioiiiiis (‘.ilisoii. l‘i'olessoi' o1
lll‘iilill iiiiii l)l|‘l‘l'iiii' of the l)l‘i\‘l‘l'
l‘Iiillt‘iiiioli proiu'iini liiis iiiinouneed
iiint (‘lll:~:\t“- ioi‘ iiotii beginners and
instructors lll l)i'l\'1't' 'l‘i‘iiiniiig ber
iuiii today The classes ill'l‘ iisiiii'. ii
new ll':lilllll|', i'nl‘ \\'l1|1'li carries llll
instructor and three il‘ililii'i'H.

Hllitil‘iiifv who may be iiili-tmiid
III the i'oili'M' can hlill work 1 ll.iii
illl‘il' ‘~l'lll'tlllll“. pi'o\ided that 'lll‘
class liii-y l‘illitlid‘ 1:. not ‘I'o t'l‘tl\\(l*
i'il.

iVli' (lili:.i.ii wishes to ll"'lil.tl the
students that graduates are llllii
no: llil\‘lllj'. llilll such li':lllllli,, .lll
illl\‘il|lllll‘.t‘ in securing ii job liiii'
iiiii. liil' .‘xlillillil‘i‘ sevei'ul ltlitll‘w llil‘.l
eni‘iii'd money in lt'lit'llllll', ill'i‘.lil.“

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

'l'lll'l COLLEGE .lﬁlWI‘lilliiIt

103 Central Ave.

 

 

 

STATE

Sororin

Gamma Kappa Phi sorority has
recently moved its residence to 1000
Madison Avenue. across from the
College of St. Rose, according to

Kopner Offers
lnsuronceSysfem

Students and faculty who have
not enrolled in the Medical Reim—
biii'seiiient plan may sign up during
the next two weeks from 12 to
p. m. at. a table in lower Draper.
according to Arthur R. Kapner, the
insurance company's agent.

Next week. Virginia Roth '51
will represent the firm. and the
following week Mr. Kapner will ac-
cepi applications and answer any
questions.

This policy. on accident and
health contract. covers the entire
year and pays up to $500 for each
accident or sickness. Filing the
claim is a simple procedure with
explicit instructions on every pol-
icy.
’l‘his plan is rapidly gaining pop-
ularity among college students.
last year more than 000 persons
participated.

“Several students have told me
that the money received from this
policy is responsible for their stay—
ing in school after they have had
‘1 severe sickness costing them 11
considerable amount of money.“

Mr. Kiipnei"s statement ade-
quately portrays how vital a. role
this policy plays in the life of a
college student. In order to main-
ain the Medical Reimbursement
Policy iit State. it is necessary to
secure 11 large percentage of pol-
icy holders. The plan works on a
mutual basis of student helping
plan and plan helping students.

State Obtains House
For Men’s Dormitory

The college has purchased ii new
building for additional housing.
according to l)l'. l‘illl‘ll C. Stokes.
l)l‘illl of Women.

Number 0111‘ ’l‘inirlow 'l‘eri'aee.
formerly the ltiiliiin Consulate, was
recently lioiiirht Tiy the college. The
building. which looks out over
Washington l"lll‘l{. has three main
floors and ii basement that might
be turned into it recreation room
in illl' future At. present. freshmen
men are living in the spin-ions
house.

l\’ll' and Mrs. llcyiioids. foi'ini-i'
lltlllrxi'|lili't'lll.‘. of Wren liiill are
Illilliili'lili: 'l‘liiii'iow 'i‘ci‘i'iice.

 

l Clothes Driers
Study Lamps

l‘lioiisniids of Items

COLLEGE News.

Acquires New Home

 

Joan Ahr. 51, House President.

The redecorated home has been
painted green with gold trimmings,
the sorority colors. Included with-
in are 11 rooms and four bathrooms.
Among the new furnishings are a
pink and green marble sink, and a
fireplace in each of the two panel—
ed oak living i'ooms. One fireplace
is of black marble construction and
the other yellow marble. The new
house accommodates 17 girls, but
only 12 girls are living there at
present.

The sorority
fall formal in its
home.

D&A To Show
Movie in Page

Dramatics & Arts Council has
begun its calendar of events with
the coming presentation of a ino-
tioii picture concerning the life of
Miehaelangelo entitled “The Ti-
tan". according to Martha Down—
y '51. President of the Council.
The movie will be shown in Page
Hall October 10 at 8 p. m. The
movie has been released through
United Artists to (‘(lll(.‘lll.l()lltll iii-
stiliitioiis and will be available for
public movie houses iii 11 111101’ date.

In conjunction with the coming
Joiincil movie. the Art Department.
according to Ruth E. Hutchins,
Assistant Professor of Art. will ex-
hibit reproductions of Michael-
angelo's paintings on the second
floor of Draper Monday.

These reproductions of art are
considered the greatest work of art
of any one man.

plans to hold its
spacious new

’2

 

lil‘lN’l‘
’1‘“ LS
FLASH
(‘AMICIIA
l0e
()yernig‘iit

Blue Note Shop

150 Central Ave.

ti)! —0?li3l

()peii evenings until 0:00

 

 

 

fliilEIlIlRD

108—1110 (‘I'JN'I‘ItAli AVENUE

 

suit 10". —— (IN it‘lltlll (‘tlS'l‘S ——- SAVE it)”.

ill Iii A I . ’l‘lClil‘l’l‘h‘ ——-

 

 

CAFETENIA

l'llONl’. 54013

"iillillil'l‘ AND l‘lA’l‘ AT THE HOUI."

ALBANY. N. Y.

$5.50 FOR $5.00

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22. 1050

 

40% 0a 7/10 4.44...

 

 

Traditional receptions for fresh
will open the social season at State
College.

Local church receptions and the
Newman Club reception begin the
series tonight. Tomorrow night it’s
the All—College reception in the
gym and Lounge. and Tuesday
night will be the Commuters re-
ception’ in the Lounge.

Newman Club will hold its first
meeting at Newman Hall Thurs-
day evening at 7:30 p. in.

Dr. Collins. President of the Col-
lege and Mrs. Collins will head the
reception line at the President‘s
Reception for freshmen, Saturday,
September 29.

Saturday, September 30 is the
date set for WAA‘s annual Play
Day, the SCA Frosh Frolic, and
Hillel’s reception to the freshmen.

Thursday. October 5, SCA will
hold its first general meeting.

The annual Stokes-Peterson Con-
cert. has been scheduled for Friday,
October 6.

Freshmen will sign for iill extra-
curricular activities and organiza-
tions on Activities Day. Saturday.
October 7.

Gardner Heads

Selective Service

Dr. Randolph Gardner. Assist—
ant Professor of Mathematics in
Milne. has been recently appointed
Selective Service advisor to both
faculty and students, according to
Dr. Evan R. Collins. President of
the College.

He will be able to answer ques—
tions about induction and defer-
ment policies for all branches of
the service.

Gardner's office is located in
Milne School, Room 131. Definite
times when reservists and civilians
can see him will be announced next
week.

Mum gm my

   

garage... mum mrn'd.‘ \ 1'. - .

has 5"}

Fulbright. 
Made Available
F‘” Fmiﬂn Siu‘d‘v
Students Will Receive 

Transportation, Tuitidn

Opportunities for more than 600
Americans to undertake graduate
study or research abroad during
the 1951-52 academic year under
the terms of the Fulbright Act have
been announced by the Department
of State. Study grants are avail-
able in seventeen countries.

The awards will enable students
in all fields of graduate work and
those with specialized research pro-
jects to study in foreign institu-
tions and universities under re-
nowned professors and special-
ists. Grants also are available to
students with records of accom-
plishment in such fields as music.
art. architecture and drama.

The grants are made under Pub-
lic Law 584. 79th Congress. the Ful-
bright. Act, which authorizes the
Department of State to use cer-
tain foreiin currencies and credits
acquired through the sale of sur-
plus property. Grants are normal-
ly made abroad for one academic
year and generally include round
trip transportation. tuition or a
stipend. a living allowance and a
small amount for necessary books
and equipment. All grants under
the act are made in foreign cur-
rencles.

Interested students presently ens
rolled in a college or university
should request application forms
after October 1. from Dr. Edward
P. Shaw. Room 12. Richardson. who
is the Fulbright Program Adviser
on this campus. The closing date
for receipt of applications by the
Fulbright Adviser is October 31,
1950.

 

Clothes Dryers - Study Lamps
THOUSANDS OF ITEMS

Central Variety Store

3|3 Central Avenue
Below Quail Street
Open Every Night Till 9

 

 
      

 

. '.i'ri';

 

 

    

Drop into our store today . . . thumb through a College
Oullino covering any of your courses . . . note it: meaty
compactness . . . its tolling paragraphs . . . its newspaper-
liiio efficiency in highlighting essentials and pulling the

slory over. You'll be amazed that to

so Iilllo space. Col/ego Outlines are the best high-marks " ‘ l",
insurance obtainable. Prepare with thorn for exams now.‘

COLLEGE OUTLINE Stencil

AIIAS Of HUMAN ANAIOMV . _ $175
ACCOUNIING. liﬂlll'ﬂlllll 1 (It)
AlOillRA, Calm" . l 00
AMIRICAN. Colonial A liuvolulionory Iliuory l 

ANCIINI NISIORV
ANCllNl. MEOltVAl L MODlllN lllSIORV I In
ANIItllOI‘OIOCiV. Oullirio oi Gun-ml 1.15

BACIIIIIOIOGV, Frimiiiiu of 1.30
liIOiOGV. Our-ml l on
iiOiANY. O-noial I oo
liliSlNiSS lAW : 

(AICIIIUS, lira . . .. I”
(.ltiMlSlllV. Hill Your Coil-ya

(lllMlSlRV. Mollioniiitin in! General . 1.5
(IIIMISIIIV. Oruuiiir i '11
((llil'OiiAIION HNANCI’ lJi
DOCUMINIIO PAPERS, William W .I.\
iCONOMICS, Dirrlonuiy al , ., . I :50
iCONOMlCS. f‘riruipiu cl .. . 1 I3
ICONDMICS, Il'oillngt Iii - a l 
IIHICAIION,1II|Iory ul . H
lNhlANil, Illiluiy oi '.
lllllOl'l. ISOOIIHU, lliiluiy ul \
IUIIOI‘I. nus WN, itiiiory at too
iXAMINAIIONS. New to Will. boiler 15
IOIIISIIIV, Control I ll:
IRINIIl GRAMMAR l 
GIOIOOV. Pililtilllll of I .IS
LIIOMIIRV. Anuiylir l H.
GLOMlllIV, l'lnii', Prolilomi in I (111
litiiMAN ()IIAMMAII I (’10
GOVUINMINI, Aniuilinn .15
GRAMMAR. Enuliih. I'iintlplor niiil l‘iurliu of l H
ilYDIiAllllCS lni Hmmn l(l(1
INIkiiNAIlONAI lilAllONS I to
ioiiiiNAtisM. Siriva ul 1 ‘11
lAIlN AMtIiiCA. Illlloiy 9| 1| )1;

[ANN AMtlilCA in Moon. . ..

STATE 00L EGE 00-0

 

much can be got into

I .._

IAIIN AMIRICA ClVlllluliti‘ Flooding: in . “.50

IAIIN AMlllICAN lumen... ondopnunr  1.2:
l|ll|1Alulil, Anon..." 1.15
llIilIAIUIIL inui..i., o............ ..i i n
llIlRAIURl. taut”... u...... ..r, u. nun... . i n
iiiiiiAiUiu, liiuinti, u-....., ..r. on... Milton 1 25
iiiiirAiiiiu, Gum... .50
lOCrAIlIINMlC ll i..u............... ratio. . .80
Miami A015, Jon tion. mom. ul _ 1.00
M13va is rumour; , 1.33

MUSIC. iloloiy oi

l‘lllthUI'llV. Ari inliuilotliuo

I'uiiiistii'iiv, Humor... ...

l‘liIb|(.h, liiil Vain Culleuu . .
I'IHSICS mil.qu MlllllIlIIulill

l'lAY i‘IlUIillClION

l'OlIllCAl SfllNCl

I'OtlltCS. llilllnllul' ..t Amman l.50
I'UHIUGUISI GIAMMAu 1.15
I'SICHOIOGV. Iiiuioiionol .75
i'aKuOtoor. Citueiul 1.00
I‘UNUUAIION .73
uiitsiA liilloiv ut IJO
sirAriai'iAuiAN Nnnivl, Uniformly oi 1.00
sriAtIhi’tAlit 5 I‘iAVIi, our...“ oi 1.00
snot iiiui. emu...” u... ..i .75
Miiioimw, i‘........m ..i . 1.25
iii-ANisu GHAMMAH 1.110
siAiisiii'Ai Mllilullb 1.75
iIAiisiiCiANs, lain-.10. . .75
biiitiv, inn Mullioilt oi . .75
iiiiGOHOMiiiir. rim.- a Splioriuil I 15
room ANll SIlIARI Pins, Collin“ cl 1.50
liNllill suits u. Snead World w... .75
UNIllil suits, Io lllM, unis... of .75
llNllll) suns, ion. lilo'i, llitloly of 1.00
wouio. rm.- ivii. iron... at .. 

IOOIOGV, (llnniol .

PHONE -l-ti-il0

 

  

 

 

