page“ ~ V. .;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

0A6! 8

DebateWants . . .

Debate Council came to Student Council Wed-
nesday with a motion asking that 450 dollars be
appropriated in order that the Council might carry
out the planned program for the year. Student
Board of FinanCe did not approve this appropria-
tion. In spite of this, Student Council voted to
approve this appropriation.

Student Board of Finance voted against this mo-
tion on the grounds that Student Association Bud-
get for this year is already working under an 800
dollar deficit. Student Board disapproved unplan-
ned spending, that is, spending which has not been
provided for in the budget or which might endanger
a solid financial standing. This is logical thinking.

The definite plans Debate Council presented for
the year include contests with colleges such as
Cornell, Colgate and others equally well known.
Invitations which .UcDﬂte has received are the re-
sult of its success in debates during the past year.

PartiCipation of students in quantity in Debate
compares favorably with other Student Associa-
tion supported organizations which make trips as
part of their regular activities. Debate provides
participants with experiences valuable to future
teaching experience as well as presently spreading
the name of State College favorably in schools
that other inter-collegiate organizations cannot
reach.

It is customary to criticize an organization that
does not make the best use of its money or does
not use it at all. It is evident that Debate is using
its money completely and to best advantage this
year.

Previously, we have indicated that spending of
large amounts of the surplus would be unwise. In
this case it seems justifiable to give Debate Coun—
cil its requested 450 dollars, with the understand-
ing that the surplus is not now open to a field day
of spending.

More About lCA . . .

On another page of the News this week is a re-
port which State College delegates to the Inter-
Collegiate Conference made. At Student Council
Wednesday night an informal report of the Con-
ference was given by the delegates.

Besides enthusiasm for the unplanned moments
of the conference, the committee of delegates
brought back a not-new idea that State College
organizations rate favorably when compared with
the other teacher colleges in the state who belong
to ICA. There are those who believe that for this
reason ICA is a poor investment.

Those people, perhaps, have not looked at. the
situation thoroughly. ICA is a relatively new or—
ganization. It needs the support of our school as
well as those who may gain more at the beginning.

Next week our delegate committee will display
materials obtained from other colleges at the con-
ference. Another constructive part of ICA's pro-
gram is the Student Union Committee which will
meet in Buffalo in December to discuss the prob-
lems and plans of student administration in the
student unions being constructed iii teacher col-
Ieges.

ICA should be given a fair chance to prove
itself.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

HATING—ALL-AMERICAN
November 17, 1050 No. 9

Member ilistrihulor
Associated (‘olleglnic I‘t‘css ('olleglute lilgt-H't
'l‘lie undergraduate newspaper of the New York State (.‘ol-
logo for ’I‘eaclieru; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Hoard for the Student Association.
l'liouos: l-‘euzel. 1300113; Wolfe, hit 0312; Milk, 5'. Hill]. .\lciii
hers of the NEWS staff may he reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 'i' lo “:30 p “I Ill .‘i 0.107.

MAIHi It‘ltN'liEli - ~ - — - - - - - Eilllnr-lii-Cliloi
HOLDIE HWAII'I‘Z - v - - - ('o-Miiniigliig Etlllor
GERALD Dl'NN - - - - - - - (ti-.lluntutliig' I‘Itllttir
EVELYN WOLFE ‘ - - - - l’ulillo liclntlnuu l‘ltllior

 

VOL XXXV

IIAIH’EI' MILK - - - - - - - - - Hportu Editor
I'AUL lll'(‘ll.\lAN - — - - - - Senior Hporiu Illetnliol
llEVI‘IIILY lil'lllililN - - - - v Circulation Hummer
JANE (.‘OOK - - - » — - - - - Advertising ‘Iuiiuuor
.IOHEI'II I'IYIIIH’ - — - - - - - - Ilmdneuii liluliuucl
(‘EI‘I'ILIA IIA'I"I‘IPII'I‘I ~ - - - - - - I'lxclmiiin- Editor
NOIUNI‘Z ('AllOlliL - - - - - - - - Anutieliue I‘ltlllor
\‘IO’I‘OIHA EAIIE - - - - - < - Anuocliite Etlilor

OILHTE SMITH - - - v — - - - Anuoclllto liltiltor

 

All t‘lllllllllllili‘lllltilln should he addressed to llll‘ editor and

 

must he signed .\tlilil'n Will he \Vlllllll'lll upon request

The S'I'A'II'I i'Ol.i.l'2iil'J NEWS .iswtiiiies no renpotislhilily

Iiir Itjillli-Illn t'h|ll't'r-nt‘|l In its l'IIlIltllliH ot‘ t'lllllllillllll'lilllillri

ls lillf’ll i-\pt't-nsl-iiin do tiol lil'tl'hhill'll) rel'a-et its view.
«trim I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 17. 1950

 

Cam Delta Iota

 

A small assemblage of crooked
lean men swayed and bobbed be-
fore a mighty altar behind which
mammoth in size and subtly sugges-
tive of a daisy, was an inky shadow
pressed against the wall behind it.

This secret cult, meeting to try
the case of Harvard Dunkle chant-
ed passonately their devotions to
the flower whose permanency, es-
tablished by its unaltered shadow,
confirmed its divinity.

No one had ever seen the daisy
but since religion is built on faith,
accumptions, and accumulated tra-
ditions, they had faith that some-
thing existed behind the altar, as-
sumed it was a daisy that gave
form to the shadow, and tradition—
ally worshipped its yellow-but black
eyes, and its white-but black pet-
als.

Harvard Dunkle—guiity of halo-
ni; a trait relished, undesirable,
not illegal, but unprecedented. The
prosecution proceeded: Yale Her-
man, after affirming his love for
democratic logical reasoning shout-
ed, “Even though haloni is not it-
legal, since we have never had ha-
loni before, it is only logical that
any one with haloni who joins us
is guilty because we have never had
haloni before. A Cnd, indefatigable
enigmatist—“The situation can be
resolved into two simple compon-
ants. Why shouldn't we have haloni
in the first place? Is it because We
do not want haloni or because we
want the people who joined us not
to have haloni? Now I am not
against haloni. If other cults accept
haloni we may not be able to get
any. We want haloni however at
this point there is no need."

Next mild Richard raised his un-
steady voice. “I believe that we
should have one person with haloni.
What's the difference who he is as
long as he has it? Why. if we have
haloni think of what people will
say of our democratic virtues. At
least we should make an effort to
have haloni if other people have
it ~but only in rare cases.

Philosopher Stuart next brought
up an important point that had

 

‘7um’n' In 71w 70am

By LOU BEHRINGER

 

November and December are the
months tilled with things to do in
Albany. On November 19. Helen
JC])t-‘.()ll of the Metropolitan Opera
Will give a concert at the Playhouse
at 8:30 p. m. At Chancellor‘s Hall
on November 28. the Monday Musi-
cal Club presents the Floristan
String Quartet at 8:30 p. to. Appear-
ing with the Quartet will be the
Monday Musical Chorus under the
direction of Dr. 'I‘idmarsh.

The 11th annual C. B. A. Minstrel
Show will be presented at the C. B.
A. auditorium, University Heights,
New Scotland Avenue, oti November
22, 23. and 24. From November 30
throuin December 2, the Albany
Junior Chamber of CominerCe will
present a Hobby and Crafts Expo-
sition at the New Scotland Avenue
Armory.

Albany High School will present
"Lady llc Good" at the Albany High
auditorium at 0 pin. on November
30 and December 1. Also on Dcccin-
her l the opening of the Animal
Mciiibci's Show of the Albany Art-
ists will take place at the Institute
of History iitid Art at 8:30 1). in.

At St. Paul's Church, on Lancas-
tt-r Street. llruce E. Lc Barron '51,
will gne four organ recitals during
the month of December. Bruce is
thc organist tind clioiriiiiistci' at St.
Paul‘s The dates for the recitals
iitc l)t't‘t'llll)i‘l' 3. 10. i7, anti ‘24,
Among illt' works to be played are
Marci-Ho's l’SIllll XVIII Suite from
lite Water Music by iluntit-i and WP“
knoun thich-(‘horuie Preludes To
quote Iii'uce, "Needless to say, every—
one is invited."

Strictly tor lltl‘ li‘t‘hlllllt‘ll Whit—
iii-t's iiiiiiuzti (‘lll'lSlIllilh l’iirude oi
bonds and 53 giant balloons will take
place this Sititi'tltly morning at. 0'30
1! stints behind the Slate Armory
oi Elk Street, going down Wiehiiig-
toii Itll'l Sititc, over North i’ctii‘i illl(l
up Clinton. If anyone can get up
that early. they might see it.

By CAROL LEBOW

 

been carefully overlooked. “The
question at hand is not if we want
haloni but if we want men. If it
is desirable to have haloni but un—
desirable to have men we are lost
~—brothers. If we wish to have men
with or without haloni we are saved.
If haloni is the determining factor
for a man’s admission we must de-
cide whether or not haloni is worth
while. What are the virtues of ha-
loni if any, which I doubt there
aren’t?

With violent hatred a voice sud-
denly shrieked,” Who cares whether
haloni has any virtues? How do I
know what haloni is? How can we
feel at ease with something we don’t
know? Haloni is a trait different
from ours. It is different. The dif-
ference means nothing. I am not
aganst haloni but I do not believe
we should have it. Are we to be sub‘
merged by people with haloni?

With this dramatic conclusion the
lean crooked men cheered in re-
sponse and lifting the straight body
of Harvard Dunkle, high into the
air, threw it over the alter into the
burning flames which they assumed
were tunneled below. A heavy fall
and shatter of glass followed. Then
chaos reigned in the suddenly black-
ened cubical as body hurled itself
against body.

With a low unheard clumping a
small metal fan like object welded
to a silver rod tumbled down the
steps of the mighty altar.

 

0m; Mani @fzau'on

 

To those of us who faithfully
darken the portals of Page Hall
every Tuesday night to see the pro—
ductions of the Advanced Dramatics
class and who have been wont to
find ourselves on the horns of a
dilemma in an assay to justify our
classification as “play-goers", let
there be peace! Our hats are off
to Dorothy Simons who directed the
Spanish comedy and to Tom Hol-
man, the director of the Norwegian
social drama for their combined ef-
forts in bringing to us plays which
showed ardent directing, commen-
dable acting, and proficient stage-
managing.

In the Spanish comedy the sug—
gestiveness of the sets stimulated
the thoughtful imagination of the
audiencewand demanded on the
part of the actors the sustaining of
a "strolling — through - the - park"
mood which through an effective
use of the "nside"—lent itself to sig-
nificance and interest. The compe-
tence of the main characters, as
portrayed by Evelyn Anderson and
Fred Knoerzer, to exemplify that the
play is essentially what takes place
between the actors and the audience
was greatly challenged. Suffice it
to say there are no axes to grind
with reference to their respective
performance or to those of the sup—
porting cast, Ruth Dttiin and Tom
Hughes.

if criticism should precede praise,
let it here be said—for the social
drama "Ghosts". that Barbara New-
coinbc warrants a bit of construc-
tivc criticism. In using less “punch”
to get lliies across and in concen—
ti'iiting more on consistency of char—
acter, future portrayals may prove
“genuine” as well us alive. Witltci'
(ioodell might have been more ini-
pi‘cssive us it dissipated. decrepit
old man had the job on makeup
been more convincing.

On the other hand we laud "Pus-
tor" (,‘icorgc Kline for nuiintuining
ti doiiiiiiiiiit tone of polite conversa-
tion itiid restraint in ii pronounced
negative reaction to profligate exper-
liiicutaiizing in eugenics. Our heur-
ticst congratulations to Murtlin Dow-
iicy on a dramatic entrance and a
sustained consciousness of age while
portraying ti mother's concern for
tier wanton son, Henry Smith, who
t'utctully chtts his way iii tiic loot«
steps of his deceased father. Strind-
berg's tstct driitiiiitlc expression was
well conveyed in her attempt, to
(‘Ollt't‘til In dignity life's bitter irony.

As we said. when we left Page
lliiil we knew we had had a good
time. And we're glad to be able to
say so.

emu-31d»

By GOBSKIE and KYLE

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sure Common
Nuws.

A BIG NAME ISN’T EVERYTHING . . .

Plenty of people are fuming (the sports staff in
particular) over the article in last week's NeWS con-
cerning the “deplorable” condition of State’s sports
program . . . they think that the benefits derived
from varsity and intra—murals consist not only in
being a. winner, but also in the fun the fellows get
out of the sports—whether they win or lose. When
thirty guys spent nearly two hours a day practising
during the soccer season and won five out of seven
games, they feel that they did get some benefit from
it . . . and so did the school.

SHADES OF OLD STATE . . .

And we do mean old . .' . “Tomorrow’s Teachers" cer.
tainly showed a different picture of the school than
the one which we see today . . . glad they’re revising
it . . . the quality of knees hasn’t improved much in
the past few years . . . and we do wish that “Richard—
son, Hall of Languages," had a little more hall.
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE . . .

Tell us just what “The Thing" is? . . .

DOWN TO THE RIVER . . .

The kids at the Clinton Square Neighborhood House
are—hold on to your hatst—going down in a body to
see “THE RIVER” this Saturday . . . kidding aside,
this is one of the best and most faithful groups work-
ing at State . . . the children down there are really
under-privileged and not always easy to work with,
but any progress brings a great deal of satisfaction.
PLEASE OPEN THE DOORS . . .

Not that we‘re grinds about homework. but it seems
that the library could be open more than two nights
a week . . . right now if something comes up and you
can’t get down to the library on one of these nights
(especially since fraternities and sororities have their
meetings on Mondaysh you're just out of luck . . . the
grads. too, feel that two nights a week is not enough
to work on copious term papers.

IT'S NICE THAT . . .

Music Council is able to bring the best of today's
artists to us . . . but their programs come so often in
the middle of the week . . . couldn’t they be scheduled
for weekends. so they could get the attendance they
deserve?

I) AND A AFFILIATES . . .

Are really going all out to expand dramatics at
State . . . working with D anti A Council they are
investigating possibilities in modern dance, New York
theater. a revamping of the costume room and many
other projects still in the embryonic stage . . . but it
looks good.

From reports at Student Council it seems that our
delegates really over-awed the representatives of other
colleges at the ICA conference . . . especially Brock—
port . . . outstanding in our achievements here at
State is our student-govcrnment system . . . none of
the other teacher‘s colleges had anything to equal it,

. although last year‘s conference report in asserti-
bly didn‘t turn out too well. we think that one this
year is necessary.

DISTltAC’l‘lONS! DIS'I‘RAC'I‘IONS! . . .

Not that the PO. isn't usually entertaining, but this
week it was for the Birds tjuniors and editor. that
ist . . . the sophs mimicked with great skill and ac-
curate detail Disgrace Smith, Chloriitc Nargill, and
Victrola Eade . . . prizes went to the kids with the
most luck of talent . . . and believe its, they had it.
THE IIUCKSTERS . . .

Have taken over State this week . . . with over fifty
shots made of life at the college . . . most interesting
of the pictures will probably be the “typical” date by
Smith and Englchart. in the lounge.

Four days will never be enough to recover froin
what the school has done to us . . . or from what
we’ve done to the school, for that matter.

 

 

 

 

College Calendar - - —

 

FltlDA Y. NOVEMBER l7

8 pm. Inter-Zionist discussion at 245
South Pearl Street.
8-12 pm. Kappa Delta Date Party.

(lamina Kappa Phi Date Party.
Chi Sigma Theta Opcti House.
Ncwtnnn Hall Opeti House for

Stutesmen.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18
2-4 ]),lll. Betti Zeta t'rcshtiuiii llnsh Party.
0-12 pin. Pierce IIuII ()pcti l'lfillht‘ for States-
men.
Snyics Hull Open House for States—
men.
3:30 [i.lll. Miltic Scnioi' Play. "The Torch

ltcnrcrs“, iii Page Auditorium
tl p.m—l Il.lll. (tuniinti Kappa Phi l"()l‘llliti.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10

3-5 pm. Alpha Epsilon Phi t'rcshnit-ii ltll:~.ll
Party.
0-0 pm. Phi liellti Buffet Supper.
7~ltl p.iii. llllll'l Social with ltusscli Sage and
HM at Washington Avenue St»
iiugoguc.

'l‘l'l'JSDAY, NOVEMBER 2i
3:30-5 30 pin. Phi Delta t'i'csliniiin ltusii I’tit'ty.

0:30 pm. At) Plays iii Page Auddiloi'niiii.

WEDNESDAY, Ntn’l'lltllilu‘lt :52

5.30 pm. l"lllitl tiisiiiissul for 'l‘liiinksgivliig vu-
cation.

12 noon 'i‘huiiksgiving Chapel, Hillel, SUA

U nlon Service,

 

 

.' of”: COLLEOE NEWS. TRIP“ BPREBIBEBKI": 195°

 

limit a

 

 

Grand Marshall I M 4m tWilson Proposes improvements
ln Slate Educational Movement

Discloses Rules

FOI’ New Board

Virginia Norton '51, Grand Mar-
shall, has realeased regulations to
be followed in using the new bulle-
tin board in lower Draper. The
board was placed there through the
recommendation of Campus Com-
mission and Student Council.

1. No posters, notices. etc. may
be tacked or taped on the mold-
ings. Notices must be confined
to the board proper and thumb-
tacked on.

2. Organizations must confine
their notices to their own
spaces.

3. Organizations will be responsi-

ble for the neatness of their
own boards.

.Campus Commission will re-
move all outdated and imma-
terial notices.

5. No personal notices, except
those relating to a specific or-
ganization may be placed on
boards.

. Campus Commission reserves
the right to enforce all rulings
regarding the bulletin boards
and to supervise and pass
judgment on all material
placed on them.

Anyone having questions or desir-
ing additional information on these
regulations is requested to contact
Owen Smith ’53.

lBlue Jays, Lead
Sophs ln Rivalry

According to Hclniuth Shultze '51,
Chairman of the Rivalry Committee,
the freshmen are leading the Soph-
oniorcs in Rivalry by a score of
nine to five. The next Rivalry event
will be the Sing in Assembly Decem-
ber 1. Criterion for the sing is post-
ed on the Husted Bulletin Board.

The Class of ‘54 gained its lead
in Rivalry on Campus Day, receiv-
liig two points for the Women‘s
Athletic events and three points for
its skit. The Sophs were awarded
two points for winning the Men‘s
Athletic events, in addition to the
two points they earned in the Push
Ball game.

At the football game November 11
the Frosh gained two more points,
and '53 obtained one point for
cheering. Also. the Blucjtiys Won tWo
points for the girls' hockey game
November 14.

Mathews Lists Names
Of Grad Placements

Elmer C, Mathews. Director ot thc
'i‘eiicliei' I’iait'etiient iltli'eiitt, has re—
lciiscd pi.ict-iiit-iils lot the _\l':ll' 10.30—
.")l. The llilltinllL', lltllt' 'ccent-tt job
|)ltli‘t'lllt'lll:t.

Itutli L. Smith '50, lltlll.t'l'. Sci—
t'llt't‘, Aliiiiit-iiiiilics; Arline '/.t-ileii—
gold ‘50. Long Island. l’ili'lllt‘lllill'ﬁ;
Lcila l)l't‘/,lll't' 'fit). EIlt-itvillc. (‘oiii—
nicrcc; Catherine Stalker '50, Sche—
nectady. North Commercial Bank;
t'liil'orti Crooks '40. Si'llt‘lli'VllS, So-
t'ltll Studies; l’nill (irutoii '50, 'l‘tippt-r
Lake. (‘tillllllt‘l‘t't'; l'lltl'l)l(l Mttiisoii Witt,
Williamson. ('iuiduncc; itll(l I‘milu
’l‘icliy ‘41l,l’ciii'l River, l.t‘lllll'l‘lt‘ Lub—
oriitoi‘y. ’i‘ecliiiicul Assistant.

A

G:

 

SEE THEM

In the

Gil-OP

are several catalogs listing many
thousands of items which be—
cause of space limitations we
ttitiiiot stock. Look over these
catalogs before you tlo your
(‘Iiristiiias buying.

Sterling Silver Radios. ('locits.
.Icwelry, \t'titclics. 'l‘oys. Sporting
floods, Kitchen Appliances .0
Thousands of Other Items,

 

 

 

 

Dr. James W. Chiluers, Professor
of mooei'ii Languages. attended a
meeting oi the national Aiiierican
Association 01 university Professors
lll witsiiington, L). C., Noveiiioer io-
12. '1 lie meeting uealt priinariiy With
the deferment of draft for coliege
students.

At the meeting of the Upper Hud-
son Association 01 Phi Beta nappa,
ticlu Stituruuy at the Emma. Willard
School in troy, new York, Dr. Ralph
B. henney, ri'Oiessor oi Guidance.
presided. Attending 110111 States ia-
cuity were Dr. Ellen C. Stones. Dean
of Women, who is Secretary of the
organization; Uf‘. Donaiu A. Ul'tUll,
Director 01 Education; Dr. Shields
McIlwaine, Professor of English;
Dr. Townsend Rich, Professor of
English: Dr. Perry Westbrook, Dr.
Francis Colby, Dr. Mary Grenander,
Instrutcors in English; Dr. Josiah
T. Phinney, Professor of Economics;
Dr. Ralph H. Baker, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Social Studies; Catherine
Newbold, Instructor in Social Stud-
ies; Mabel Jackman, Assistant
Professor of Librarianship; and
Robert C. Luippold, Instructor in
Mathematics.

Dr. Mtitic E. Green, Professor of
Health. and Dr. Rudolph Schmidt
have completed courses on medical
.t51])t't'l>‘ of atomic explosion.

English Majors
Elect Committee

The new members of the Student
Committee for English Evenings
were elected at the first English
Evening, October 20, and are now
released by Dr. Vivian C. Hopkins.
Assistant Professor of English. The
Student-Faculty Committee met.
Wednesday afternoon to make plans
for the next English Evening, which
will be in February.

Those students elected to the
committee are: Patricia Harding,
Julia Knoll. Richard Kyrk, Gradu—
ates: Marilyn Allen, Jane Cook,
Jacqueline Mann, Seniors; Lucille
Behriiiger. Barbara Joyce. Joyce
Shal‘er, Juniors; Madelon Avallonc.
Sully Brewer. Donald Collins. and
Thomas Hughes, Sophomores. Fred-
ci'ic Knocrzer ’51 and Joan Tantum
'52. members of last year's commit-
tcc will remain on the committee
this year.

Mitchell Announces
Sale Of 'Ped' Prints

Monday and Tuesday I’edagogue
will sell the glossy pictures from
the 1950 yearbook outside of the
Commons. according to Joan Mit-
elicit '51. Editor-in-Chief of "PM."
All students who had their pictures
taken from the PM may see their
proofs iii the Hague Studio from
November 27 to Dccetnber 1.

Students are asked to go and
pick oiil their pictures between the
hours of 10 :i. m. and 5:30 p. in.
and 0:30 to 3 p. in. Off campus
teachers are to go to the studio on
Saturday, December 2 from 10 a. III.
to 5:30 p. in.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
s ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUIt PORTRAIT
s s

()l'i‘IN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
l‘i‘.’t'lllllt;h' by appointment

till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4'001'1

 

 

Three weeks ago the Board of

Regents unanimously elected Dr.‘

Lewis A. Wilson State Commissioner
of Education. He has been associ-
ated with the State Education De-
partment since 1911, and has work~
ed his way up to his present posi-
tion.

A leader in school guidance pro-
grams, training of physically han-
dicapped children, and expanding
adult educaton, Dr. Wilson has been
an outstanding administrator in the
past.

In an interview with Dr. Wil-

Classes Release
Future Agendas

The Juniors, Sophomores, and
freshmen have held class meetings
during the week. The plans they
made include respectively signing
for class rings, a Sophomore-Senior
banquet, and a Freshman News-
paper.

At the Junior meeting. President
Harvey Robinson '52, announced the
sign-up schedule for purchasing
class rings. A representative from
the Gleason Company will be ac-
cepting signatures, along with a re-
quired $3.00 deposit, between 10 am.
and 2 p. m., Tuesday, November 21
and Wednesday, November 29.

Sophomore President, David Pal-
met‘ ‘53 has appointed Wilma Bev-
ans ‘53 as Chairman of the Sopho-
more—Senior Banquet. to be held on
December 1. A Big-4 script com-
mittee was also selected. The fresh-
men decided to elect an editor for
the Frosh newspaper at their next
meeting.

Myskania Announces
Watning Clarification

According to an announcement
made by William Engelhart '51,
Chairman of Myskania. the original
custom regarding the preceding of
an upperclassman by an under-
classman who both are entering a
building or a room of a building
at the same time has received a
filial interpretation by Mysknnia.
This interpretation has been posted
on the bulletin board in Husted
Hall. The names of tWO freshmen
who have received second warnings
have also been announced.

As a result of this interpretation
the challenge of Maryanne Zillin
and Edith Housman '54 of the
warnings 1851' d to them by Mari-
lyn Lebcnsot. '53 has been upheld.
Tu'o freshmen who have received
sccond warnings this week are
Marion Shein and Alan Hanson.

 

l0“? DISCOUNT 'I‘O
STUDENTS and FACULTY
ON RECORDS

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

son. he revealed his dynamic future
plans in the field of education.
He said that the two main prob-
lems that confront him now are
“to assist local schoot authorities
in securing additional buildings for
increasing enrollment in secondary
schools, and to cooperate with state
teacher’s colleges in increasing the
enrollment of students to teach ele-
mentary schools; a 50% increase is
needed."

When asked whether he thought
teacher‘s colleges should be extend-
ed to liberal arts schools, Dr. Wilson
said, “No, their singular function is
to prepare teachers and they should
remain as such. He stated that
be approved of the Harvard cut sys-
tem i.e. going to classes at your own
discretion, but that Dr. Collins, who
he said was “a capable administra-
tor and a wonderful man”. would
have the final say-so on such a re-
vision.

Next year, plans call for a new
library to be added to SCT; the
following year, a new gym com-
plete with swimming pool will be
erected on Washington Avenue.

Debotors Plan
Home Tourney

This weekend Debate Councii (till
hold a meet with Cortland State
Teachers College. The debate will
take place at 1 pm. tomorrow in
Draper Hall; according to Thomas
Godward ’51, President of the Coun-
cil.

At t1 recent tournament it. Ver-
mont, the novice team won six out
of its eight debates. However, the
Varsity team was victor in only two
of its eight debates.

Last Tuesday, November 13, State
College debated with Siena in two
home meets. Daniel Joy and Joseph
Perstco, Juniors, defeated Siena's
novice team. There was no decision
on the second debate in which
Thomas Eldred and Paul Wender-
licli. freshmen, because the debate
took place for practice purposes
only. The topic for both meets was:
Resolved “That the new tion-Coin-
munist nations should form a new
organization." Harold Vaughn.
Graduate. gave a critique on the
practice debate, and Mrs. Harold
Vaughn judged the first debate.

Religious Clubs
Slate Bible Study,

Banquet, Socials

IZFA To Discuss UN,-
SCA Will Hoch Chapel

The various religious clubs have
released information concerning
their future activities. Their plans
include a banquet, bible study, a
discussion on the United Nations.
and a joint social with several col-
leges in the area.

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship

IVCF will hold its annual ban-
quet with Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute, Union, and Oneonta State
Teachers College Saturday at the
Howard Johnson restaurant at 6 p.
111., according to Jeanette Ste... ’53.
Reverend C. Decker of Albany will
be the guest speaker. IVCF will
also hare its noon worship on Thurs-
day in Room 23. At 3:30 p. m., Fri-
day there will be a bible study in
Room 150.

Hillel is planning a joint social
with Russell Sage and Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute Sunday at the
Washington Avenue Synagogue from
7 to 10 p. m. A buffet supper will be
served. there will be dancing and
the freshmen will entertain.

Inter-Zionist Federation of Am-
erica will present a discussion about
the “United Nations in Action and
Inaction" with students from Israel,
India, Germany. Lebanon and oth-
ers. The discussion will be at the
home of Renee Gewirtzman '52,
President of the organization, to-
night at 245 South Pearl Street at
8 p. m.

Inter-Fraternity Council

Releases Bidding Rules

William Dunn '51, President of
Inter-Fraternity Council has releas-
ed information in regard to frater-
nity bidding for men who have been
here one semester. Procedure con-
cei‘ning obtaining and returning the
bids have been indicated.

Notes will be sent through the
student mail Monday at 8 am. in-
forming the men where they are to
pick up their bids. These notes must
be picked tip by 12:35 p.m. or that
same day. Failure to do so will re-
sult in the invalidity of the bids.
Bids should be returned between 8
to 12:30 pm. on Monday, Novem-
ber 27.

 

Waldorf

OPEN DAY

 

“A Clean Place To Eat”

167 Central Ave.

Cafeteria

AND NIGHT

 

 

Last Chance To Purchase
Student Medical Expense Policy

(‘overag‘e Will lie From

DEG. 4. 1950 T0 sun. 23. l95|
$20 — Twenty Dollars —— $20

MAY IIE I'UIH‘IIASED ON 3  
Monday, Nov. 21: Tuesday Nov. 28: Wednesday Nov. 29

l2:titl'l‘o|2:.’ltl   i2:titi'rti12::iti

ART KAPNICR

 

 

 

  
   

. 9-.-.

