 

 

i
i
g

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. 1950

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

:sTAsLisi-lln MAY 1910'
IV THE cuss or: role
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

September 29, 1950

 

No. 2

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
l'iioiles: Fonzel. 2-0012; Wolfe. 2-0870; Milk. 5-0311. Melli-
bers of the NEWS slai‘t‘ illin be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday frolll 7 to ll :30 ii. iii. lit 3-0407.

MARY FENZEL - - ~ - - - - - - Editor-ln-Chlef
GOLDIE SWAR’I‘Z - - - - - - (lo-Miuluging Editor
GERALD DUNN - - - - ’- - - Co-Mnnnging Editor

VOL. XXXV

EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
HARVEY MILK - - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
PAUL BUCIIMAN - - - - - - Senior Sports Membel
BEVERLY KUIILKIN - - - - - Circulation Mllnugcr
JANE COOK - - - - - - - - - Advertising Manager
JOSEPH PURDY - - - - - - ~ - Business Miulngel

- - Exchange Editor
- - Associate Editor
- - Associate Editor
- - Associate Editor

CECELIA IIATTISTI - -
NORINE CABGILL - - -
VICTORIA EADE - - -
GRACE SMI’I‘II - - - -

.\ll collimiiniciitlous should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed lil ils columns or communications
as such expressions do not lleccssﬂl‘lly reflect its View.

 

«as»:

 

Traffic Jams . . .

Confusion seems to be the byword this fall at
State College. Perhaps the greatest confusion is
that in the halls, stairways, and doorways. The
construction of the Commerce Building has made
it necessary to close off strategic stairways and
doorways in Draper Hall. ”

Myskania and Campus Commission have made
definite constructive efforts to relieve the conges-
tion. The relaxation of one State College Tradi-
tion so that freshmen may use the front door of
Draper is a definite help. Extensive use of clear
signs “up” and “down” on stairways and other
posters have been very effective.

Lower Draper. even in a ilormal situation is
jammed between classes. Now it is impossible. Two
improvements could be made:

1. Campus Commission setting up a traffic reg-
ulating system when jams do occur.

2. Myskania relaxing another tradition (that

freshmen shall not preceed upper classmen through

doors).

We suggest that Campus Commission enlist its
members or volunteers to be posted where the
jams do occur between classes so that they could
direct traffic.

The relaxation of the tradition would insure a
continual movement of traffic through doors that
are available.

No plan would be effective without the colli-
plete coperation of students. Although the door—
way to the girl‘s locker roonl is a popular place
for meeting friends, it would be better perhaps to
meet friends ill the rotunda, at the Boul, or ill
the Commons.

Tradition Says . . .

Traditions have a purpose. Traditions were in-
vcntcd when man consciously or unconsciously
found a more convenient way of doillg something.
State (,‘ollcgc traditions at one time each had a pur-
pose. They have evolved as the result of cxpcr-
icnccs of students on this campus since its found-
illg some years ago. They were convcnicnt ways
of carrying on the affairs of day to day life of
students here.

'i‘rallitions. likc laws. should be observed objcc-
tivcly or criticizcil at intervals. \\'llcn a law is
no lollgi-r llccdcd it is illlolisllcil. Laws arc chlingcd
by a group of pcoplc voliilg. 'i‘i‘aditions arc rool-
cd lnorc dccply and arc more obsliiliilc. (‘llzingcs
iil llicnl comes about ill a more subtle way, ic. by
a casual common conscnl.

thn it sci-ms iiiiclligcill to break a collcgc ii‘ll-
ditioll lyc slioud do it i'cadily. if it sci-ins logical
lo climinlilc ol' cllangc Zl snaki- daiicc, scvcrill scil~
tcnccs’ in thc frcslllliail handbook. rivalry l'iilf‘h‘. or
sonic pi'occdiirc or [)i‘ilf‘lli't‘, tlli-rc should bc lilllc
lll‘hili’iililll.

()ui' collcgc is" growing ill sizc and ill its alli—
ludc. 'l‘l‘lc zilllliidc lowaril trilililioll Si‘t'lllh‘ to re
main lllc sanlc. This is l)t‘(llli.\t‘ wc ari- iliillil‘ally
lradition»iliinilcil pcoplc. llowcvcr. as lhis yclir
pl‘ilgi‘t'Ssl‘s and lll‘W prolllcili.» occur ill asscnlllly
and student council ll'lcy should bc ll‘t'tlit'il as such.
'i'radilions should be Iollchfl but only when they
fit the situation.

Who'd gal 14 6mm?

 

Upon being asked to write enough
blank words to ﬁll up a. blankety-
blank space in the State College
News. I immediately went ont and
bought one desk. three telephones.
(luckily I already have three cars).
'one typewriter, one book entitled
“How to Type Though Lefthanded.”
four cartons of cigarettes, four cases
of whiskey. one sheet of typing pa-
per, and one beautiful blonde ghost
writer.

After installing a bottle of “Old
Mimeogrsph” in each desk drawer.
smoking several cigarettes at the
furious speed necessary to create
that smoke-ﬁlled atmosphere so
necessary to reporters. and settling
the blonde comfortably on my lap.
I asked myself, “What’s wrong with
this picture?” After receiving a
warning about amorous manifesta-
tions on the campus. I knew what
was needed; one soft felt hat to be
worn rakishly. and a new ghost
writer who hadn't watched wrestl-
ing on TV.

While waiting for the phones to
ring I applied myself diligently to
ﬁnding a crusade to write about ill
glowing adjectives, breathless phras-
es and deathless sentences. I would
go on through paragraphs. but
cliches fail me. Fortunately I
sprained the typing finger on my
left hand getting the cork out of the
first bottle of mental stimulant so
I couldn’t type even if I got any
ideas. which I didn’t—about cru-
sades. Added to my need for a brain
stimulant; now was the need for a

 

‘7mu'u’ 9n 74¢ 70%
By LOU BEIIRINGER

 

Who said you have to go to Paris,
London or New York for culture?
We have it right here in Albany at
the Art Institute. the Playhouse.
and the State Education Building
meuseum.

Grandma. Moses. with her fine
Collection of primitive paintings, is
at the Albany Art Institute now.
and will be there until October ﬁf-
teenth. Grandma Moses is a local
gal, who lives in Eagle bridge. New
York. The Art Institute is now open
Friday evenings, but is closed all
day Mondays. On Wednesday eve-
ning. October 18 begins the series
of annual lectures at the Institute.
If you are interested ill attending.
you can call the Art Institute for
further information.

Tile Playhouse opens its season
October 17 with "Harvey" as its
first production. If you like the old-
time theatre. the Colonial presents
vaudeville three nights a week~
Thursday. Friday. and Saturday.

At the museum of the State Edu-
cation Building, there is a tempor-
ary art exhibit of Noah's Ark. done
by Celia Schwcbel. Their special
monthly exhibit is an Indian Cradle
Board exhibit.

Ill the music world. the Albany
Symphony will beglil its season Oc-
tober 17. The Boston Symphony will
be coming to the RPI Field House
iil Troy October 17.

Tile members of Radio Council
are working very hard to arrange
programs that will make the resi-
dents of Albany better acquainted
with us here at State. Be listening
for them!

 
   

“cpi'llilt'li from
April l‘lri‘)
issue of libQL'ilil‘l

I’ve been going out with
what he keeps whispering to me.

By ED srssnus

Gammon-Stain

By GORSKIE and KYLE

 

 

pain reliever, how clever of distil-
leries to put. both in the same bottle.
At last I was beginning to appreci-
ate the marvels of modern science.
“This writing game is certainly
fun.” I hiccoughed to my rapidly re-
treating ghost writer.

If only I had a crusade. In des-
halted by the clarion call of, “Dead-
line.” Hastin turning on my wrist
radio I contacted Casey-Crime Pho-
tographer and found that deadlines
are what killed vaudeville.

If only I had a. crusade. Ill des—
peration I appealed to my ghost
writer. Little Audrey, but she just
laughed and laughed. Finally one
of the phones rang and when I
picked it up a voice said. “It’s a
long distance from Moscow." Thank-
ing Joe, I told him I would do my
best to get this startling bit of news
published. The next phone call was
from a music publishing company.
They wanted it known that Presi-
dent Truman had purchased some
new sheet music. “The Marine
Hymn" arranged for piano and
voice.

By now the “Old Mimcograph" was
living up to its name and with every
drink the number of telephones I
saw doubled. By a happy coinci-
dence the number of desks doubled
also and I knew my fortune was
made. Instead of reporting for a
living I would rent; the extra desks
to guest columnists and with the
money I would buy more “Old Mim-
eograph."

Overcome by my own genius ill
devising such a wonderful way to
become rich, I leaned back and
counted desks while the editor roar-
ed out enough blankety-blank words
to fill three columns. My only regret
was that Little Audrey was no long-
er around to share my fortune. She
had gone to the Co-op for a book
Oil Ju—Jltsu alld had found the end
of the book line in Puxatawney, Pa.

Emmicdwnd

To the Editor: Y

Are you lc-oking for banks? Want
to buy new ones? Well. tell you
what I'm going to do. I have a
system here that just can't go
wrong. You see. it has been figured
out so that each person spends six
minutes getting his or her own
books and then pays a separate
cashier thus avoiding any confu-
sion or excessively long waits in the
book line.

Try Saturday. since that is the
day when we have no undergrad-
uate classes and you have a few
spare minutes to spend on the book
line. Waited fronl 8 to 2? Couldn‘t
happen!

 

 

Don i’uttcrman '52

 

Sl‘ll‘l'l'th‘. CHARTS
I’f )S'l'l‘il)
FUR ASSEMBLY

 

lll“l‘t‘li('i|llillll and

l.
.4

I want to learn
Copyright 10-10 by Esquire, Inc.

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

THE LINE OF MOST RESISTANCE . . .

The book line, that is . . . for peaceful moments
recollected in tranquility and bridge for the more
social minded . . . unless you happened to have a
few extra dimes in your pocket last week. Seriously
though, just what became of the system used by the
Co-op last year? It; was much faster for everyone.
Then there's the book exchange . . . they may have
only a few books. but they're always on the job.

WANTED . . .

Some more foster parents like '52. Santina Maenza.
their war-orphan. has written letters expressing her
deep appreciation for the food and clothing sent her.
There are thousands more just like her. What about
it . . . '51, '53. ‘54?

SOCCER . . .

They wanted a line last spring, now they‘re using
it . . . both varsity and infra-mural squads are set
to go . . . although sadly lackiilg in publicity. Student
Association showed its interest and voted them quite
a bit of money. so back the team up this Friday when
we take Oil Brockport . . . tennis anyone?

JUST BUDDIES . . .

Don't get excited! That cozy picture on page 159
of the l’ed is incomplete . . . with a little imagination
you can see tlle door of Vail Derzee alld the necessity
for a tight squeeze.

STRIKE Ul’ THE BAND . . .

There‘s a movement afoot to organize a State Col-
lege band . . . and Gerry McGory has been appointed
to scout up its possibilities . . . we tllillk it's a darn
good idea. lt would be quite a shot ill the arm for
pep rallies. games. and rivalry events . . . might be
brought up ill assembly soon . . . tlliilk about it.

0. K. JESS?

Ill our haste to pad a few lines last wcek lyou know
how it list, we were slightly over enthusiastic about.
Jess Barich Frail Warren may plug one of his songs.

HOT STUFF . . .

Reason for no smoking on one side of pcristylc. . . .
cigarette butt llightedl dropped Oil workman‘s head.

A R’l‘Y ‘.’

AD studcnts throughout first and second scillcstcrs
will be casting l'or their Tucsday evening pcrfoi‘ill-
anccs. Watch the D fill A bulletin board . . . every-
one is wclcoillc to try out. frosh includch . . . no
Equity and is necessary.

THE (ODE . . .

We highly approve of thc new concept, of rushing
that sororities get to know freshmen in a loss ilrli-
ficial way . . . but we feel that the new codc is loo
vague for practical uSiigc it little clarification
will lead to greater harmony ill the end.

“."l‘A’l'il‘." ()F ('(iNFllSlON
With all the blocked entrances and gcncrlll coil-

gcslion ill lowci' Drapcr. it's getting so one ciin‘l llild
Art Kapnor.

I‘INOI'GH SAID . . .
Has anyone li'icd to RBI. 1! medical cxcusc blank
lately?

l'lCNNAN’l‘NAl'I’IlIt AT LARGE . . .

'l‘hc Co-op lcill some. Slain Collcgc pcnllilills for illi‘
All-Collcgc i'cccption lilhl Saturday night. and they
haven‘t bccn l'ctiirilcd. This is ll wulch-bird watch—
ing ii pcnllillllinippcr . . . lhis 15 ii watch-bird watch-
ing YOU . . . wci'c You a pcnllaillililppcl' this lllt)lllil':’

 

College Calendar - - —

 

l"lti I):\ i’. M" ii l"l'l'I .‘I I‘ll If "Iii

lilglc Room, l’ici‘ci- llall. l’l't‘hHil'lli'h lic—
i'l‘lliiflll.

ii-ill pin.
3:30 p In licvcrwyi-k W k. Hill't'l'l’ Han \5 lh'ock-
poi'l.

Sli'l‘l’llllin’. HICI"I‘ICMIII<ZI{ :lll
ll—lﬂ pill. lliilc l’iivly ill Nl'\\'lllllll llall

SI'NIMY. (H'TUIHCR l

:i pill Ncwnliin t‘luh 'l‘mi.

7:30 pill Ncwniiill (‘llib Hlnokcl'.

il'llil p.nl. Ht‘A ll'l'orli l"l'lllll'. Lounge

MUNIIAY. ()("l'lilil'lli '3
3:35 pill l‘il'i'nlllllilll ()l‘ll‘lllllllllll. i’illil‘ Hull Alllll
loi'llllll.

'l‘l'llISIIAY. (it"l‘UiilCIt '1

3 ill) p.ni Hliidcill. 'i'ciiclicl' 'l‘cil. Loungi-

7:30 pm l’l (iilmlnii Mn, business incl-ling. ilil
i)l'llpoi‘.

ilzlll) pill Kappa Phi Kappa, Lounge.

 

 

STATE

 

Myskania Issues Joys, Pedquins Find

Violation Rules,
Warning System

Myskania has announced the class
guardians. the procedure for send-
ing warnings, and the penalties for
violation of the college traditions.
acording to William Engelhart ’51.
Chairman of Myskania.

The following Myskania members
have been appointed class guard-
ians: Lois Prescott and James Jius-
to, Seniors; Martha Downey and
William Engelhart, Juniors; Hel-
inuth Schultze and Gerald Dunll,
Sophonlores; Mary Eade and Jo-
seph Purdy. freshmen.

All classes must give their class
guardians twenty-four hours notice
before their meetings are to be held.
All meetings are illegal without the
presence of class guardians. accord-
ing to Englehart.

Tile acceptable procedure for
sending warnings to Myskania is
listed below:

1. Tile warning must be placed
in a sealed envelope ill the Myska-
nia mailbox.

2. Tile warning must include the
following information: full name of
violator, nature of offense. date,
hour, and location where offense
took place, and name of person is-
suing warning.

3. A person can receive only one
warning for a violation at a cer-
tain time.

The penalties for violations of tra-
ditions are as follows:

First offense: Warning fronl Mys-
kallia.

Second offense: Warning from
Myskania mid the publication of the
violator's name ill the State (‘ollcge
News.

Tllird offense: Apology ill public.
before the Student Association.

Fourth offense: Automatic expul-
sion from office, aild ineligibility foi'
office for the following year.

Freshmen may use the front door
of Draper Hall until the conslruc—
tioll is coillplctcd and thc olhcr ex—
it:; arc available for their use.

The list of valid Violations of li'ii-
(llll()ll which are subject to warning
from Myskania are listed ill the
Freshman l’illlltll)i)()l{. Freshmen are
advised to road this book.

i acculty Wadnated

Dr. Paul C. Lcinon, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Biology, and Allen licilton,
Instructor ill Biology. will iiltcnd
the COllh‘t‘l'VllliUll and Education
Conference at the Shite Conserva-
tion Camp at Dc Bl'iicc, New York
lhis Wf‘i'kl‘llci. They will scrvc as
ri-prcsciltativcs of State Collcgc.

 

 

Eugcilc l-I. Mani'cil, Instructor ill
Chemistry. has been ill Boscl. Swit—
xci'iiind (luring lllc past ycilr. study-
ing Cllf'lillhll')’ and German ill lllt'
University. the largest ('llt'illlt'lll
i-clllci' on the continent. llc visitcd
France, Germany, Italy, Austria.
and the Alps while li'ilvcling
through Europe.

Marvin .l. l'l'yoi‘. lllsii'ilclol' ill
Physics, grow a (if‘illilllhll'nllllll on
optic and Slilll. li-ilscs lli. tllc Collo-
(iliillli iii. illl‘ Ullivcrsity of lowil. Mr.
Pryor was :1 closc sccoliil in lhc coili—
pcllllvc (lcllloilslrnlioil.

Dr. Charles 1.. Alllil't'\\'.‘x, l‘rol‘cssor
of Physics. had all ill'llcli- llllllllhlli'il
[lilo slinlillcr ill The Journal of Ap-
plied Physics. 'i‘hc iii'liclc win. l'll-
lllll'fl "'l‘llc l)f‘ll‘llf'llt)ll l’ollciil ol
l‘ill'l'lI‘Ulllilyillt‘lll' Wllvcs ill u ('Il‘l‘ll-
iiii' Apcl'lllrc A.» l\’lt‘:lhlll'l‘ti Willi Mi-
f'l’l)-\\‘lll'tl.‘~." l)r 1\lltll'l‘\\'>i will lllil‘llil
lllc illcclilig oi the va York Shill-
Section of Ainci'iciiil l’lllhll'ul Ho-
cicly :il illc ('llll'lihlill liisllillli‘ of
'l‘t‘l'lilllilflui' lllln wcckcnil.

lll'. Alllll' ll ()llYl'l'. Ahoi‘dlllll I’l'll‘
lt‘hhfll' of l'll_\:lit'.\. .spi'ili lln- :lllllllllt‘l'
doing i'cm-ol‘cii work ill iiuclcilr
.‘llllflj' lll lil'llllkllllYf‘ll. Long lfvlllllfl
Hint-c Dr ()llYl'l‘ fills bccn iil'iiiilcd
|)t'l'llll.‘l.\ll)ll lo colilllluc hcr i'i-M-ai'ch
iil h‘llllc. f‘i|lil|)|ll('lll llllh lli'l‘ll M‘lll
lo llic colli-gc to old llcr iii lll'J'
\\'lll'l(

i)l' Mlllllii (‘. (linoli, llll‘l'l'llli‘ til
l‘itilll‘lilltlll. \Hll spcnk lll iiiilllilj.'.ltlll.
Vci'lliolil. ill ii illlhlill'lm ‘l‘i'iiclli-i'n'
Ahhni'lilllilll ill:. topic “1” bc:
"l"lll'llli‘, l"lll'lh ill lillhlilt‘hil Iddlicic
lion,"

Additional inlornlnlion may bc
obtained by hlilppliig ill the i’ublii
cutiolln ()lili'c.

Nests In Page Hall

Who said Saturday night is
the lonliest night of the week?
Not at State with an Ail-College
Reception in full swing. Jays
were busting out all over as the
Pcdquins strove to give them an
evening that they would never
forget.

The entertainment. highlight-
ed by “Three Sobs and a Souse."
“When I Look into Your Eyes,”
an original song by Julia Isak-
sen. and the bandit chorus fea-
tured the talents of past Big-
Four's. The “St. Louis Blues”
and "Deep Purple" showed the
“cldtimers” of State what a. new
class has to offer.

The gym was literally trans-
posed into a jam session as the
many dancers tried to manipu-
late their feet without endan-
gering the lives of others. This
hazard. however, did not pre-
vent ‘54 from really getting ac-
quainted—. As the evening
came to a close, the Jays am-
bled cheerin home with their
new “friends"—discussing the
experiences of an evening they
would long remember.

 

Release History
Of Foster Child

The Class of 1952 has recently rc-
ccivcd a report on the progress of
its foster child. Santina Macnza
fronl Italy. The child who is twelve
ycurs old was adopted by '52 last
year.

Sanlinil‘s father is unable to work
because of war tillle disabilities. Her
mother. brother, and sister work ill
the lit-ids. Santina. once worked
along with them, but on March 28.
lfH'l. when she was sent for water
for Illf‘ l‘icld workers, she stepped
on :1 hand grenade hidden in the
high grass. The grenade exploded.
badly wounding her in the right
lcg and ill'lll. She was hospitalized
for many months, aild eventually
hl'r right hand had in be amputated.

Wncn sllc had recovered. her pur—
cnis l‘t'llli7.('(i that, they were too
poor to provide the training aild
cow for llt‘l' that she would need to
pi'cpiii'c herself for life. handicapped
as she was. Thus it was that she
('ilillt‘ lllltil‘l' the cure of the Foster
Parents" Plan For War Childl'cn,
inc.

This organization has moved her
In ii colony l'or war-mutiliilcd chil-
di'cn which they support. Herc. she
can livc and work nillong children
lll positions similar to hers.

Al lllc colony Santinn is ill the
Fourth (loss of the Gralllillilr
School. Hin- is ll willing worker, has
ll pli-iisiiill disposition. and lives iii
llll(l('i'hlllll(ilill.'.' and harmony with
her lcnchcrs and companions. Al'itll—
lllf'ill' is llf'l' favorite subject and
shc lhlnks that. she would like to in-
ii school lciicllcl‘ HUIllC din.

‘51.! has llt'i'll collecting fil'iy-lwo
cents from t'lif'll of its incillbci's for
the support of this child. Now they
arc campaigning for lcttcrs in San-
lina \\hicll llli-y hope will givc Ilci'
ncw courage.

Civil Service To Hold

Exams For Librarians

l‘inlllllllilllllllS lo fill professional
llbrni'y posilioin. will be llcld Sulliv—
dliy. N(l\‘l'lllll(‘l' iii, lli. vurious coull~
ill‘h lll Ni-w York Slalc. A colicgc
(‘tilll'iillllll and of ions! oiic liiill )l'lll’
oi :lt‘llit‘hll'l' cl'cdii hours of work Ill
:in op,li'oycil library school is llll'
lllllllllllllll l't‘(jllli'l'illf'ili.

Halal ll'h riingc from $2,l)001o$~l.:lllu
illltl llll'll' :ll'l' jobs in fivc ('(lllllllt‘m
and it‘ll cllics. ’l'llc counllcs :ii'c
lui'ic, \Vl'dt'llt'hit'l', (Tllcinlilig. Nlln—
.‘illi. :ilnl \Yalyiic. 'l‘lic cillcs illclliiii-d
arc lllll'lll‘ll. Lockpoi'l. Mlliiilclolyn.
hlolilil Vl‘l'llllll. Ncwbiii'gll. Ncw lio-
f'lll‘lll‘, l’lllllslliil'gll. iiilt‘llt'hil‘l'. Wllllc
Mann. and Yonkers.

'lhc lllllllillll ol icgiil l‘t'hldt‘lll'l‘ ill
lln- coinin or cily Vlil‘lt‘h gi'cully.
bill olic \t'lll".\ residence lil New
York Show is l-coiiii‘cd ol' lliohl ciin-
tillllllt‘r.

‘i'hl' lllll'ti iailliii- ll'lllll Library A.»-
flilllllll Ill .'\:l:~l.\llllll idlil‘lli‘)‘ lllll‘l'l
or The iniljol‘lly of the jobs opcn
lilt' lill' Junior and Senior l.ibl'iiiw
itillo.

' jﬁwalgggmﬁgas iﬁiolves-wwm-e»

COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. 1950

Frederic March Will Norraie
In Michelangelo Life Story

Editors Note: Word received as
We go to press informs us that
D & A may be obliged to obtain a.
different movie.

Dramatic and Arts Council has
begun its year's scheduled events
with the presentation of a motion
picture entitled "The Titan," nar-
rated by Frederic March. in Page
Hall. October 10 at 8 pm. accord-
ing to Martha Downey ’51. Presi-
dent of the Council. The movie is
released through United Artists to
only educational institutions at
present and will not be released to
the public until a later date.

“The Titan" relates the major

CASDA Enlisis
Objectives, Sets
Year’s Program

CASDA. the abbreviation for
Capital Area School Development
Association, is a voluntary associa-
tioll of public school systems. self-
goverllcd through administrator-
voting representatives and directed
by an executive committee of school
officers. Its purpose is to aceumulate
informatiml about education prac-
ticcs and techniques in general.
This is accomplished by the work of
participating schools which under-
take research in fundamental prob-
lems of education.

Lists Committees of CASDA

CASDA is composed of various
committees. which do research in
problems concerning their fields.
The consultants of State College
are as f‘ollowa: Reading Care. Dr.
John Newton. Assistant Professor
of English; Public Relations. Dr.
Kenneth Frasurc, Assistant Pl'ofse-
am of Education; Dr. Tlleodire Fos—
nicck, Principal of Milne Scllool;
Edward J. Sabol. Co-ordinator of
Fit-1d Services; Humanagement. Dr.
(7. C. Smith. Professor of Education;
l"ll‘flli‘lllfll‘)' Education, Lionel Meilo.
(lllf‘tllllll; English Composition.
Mary Coilkiiil. Assistant Professor
of English; Social Studies, Dr. Wai-
lncc ’I‘iiyioi', Professor of Social
Studies, Clinton Roberts. Instructor
ill Social Studies: Maill. Dr. Ran-
dolph Gardner, Assistant Professor
of Mathematics; Science, Dr. Carl-
lon Moose. Professor of Science;
Ri'f)l'|.’.lllll7.tlll0ll of Secondary Edu-
('ulloil. Allan Rosebrock. Assistant
Professor of Education. They are
nssislcd by the following graduate
sludcllls: John Dumnnsky, Fiu'nal'
Walsh. Stanley Bruckheim, James
Kil-kpalrick, James Moore.

(‘ASDA was c'llcinlly started Oc-
lohcr 0. 1049. ’I.\'0 general meetings
\H‘l'l‘ hcld ill spring and tlvo ill
.\llllllll('l'. Future meetings are sched-
lllt‘(l for November 10, February 15
and May 24. As of now CASDA ill-
cllldcs 37 member school systems
and lll(l1'(‘ than l.500 teachers and
ildnlinislriiiors.

Shite Problems to he Studied

Problems to be studied lll tllc
i'iilliri- will includc: Adjusting Cur-
l'll'llllllll lo Non-Acildclnic Students,
Mclhoils ol' orienting students to-
\\'tll'(l undcl‘sluildillg objectives, Ile-
ycloping school-community llllt‘l‘-
connniillicillions, and studies 01'
lnol'olcs. personnel i‘cliifiolls. and
Working conditions of the faculty.

Among CASDA's publications lll'f‘
(Elsi-aids. lllt‘ official bl-lnolltllly
pnhhcnlloll ol' lllt' iisociiilioll. and
lll‘l'lillllt' i'i-porls made by the coili—
inillccs, which are inorc coillpl'c-
lll'll.\1\'l' lllilll ('ascillds.

'l'hc \'lllll(‘:~; of CASDA lll‘t‘ many.
[1 supplies the opportunity f or
ll'iil'lli'l‘S and school systems to
with lllilllllll problems logi-lhcl'. It.
(li'H'lfiIlb llllllllllli‘ working relation-
ships for collcgcs ilild public schools.
ll lilrdl provides for it Hilf‘i‘fi-llll of
cilliciilloliiil change and progress and
lill:~\\‘('l'.‘x basic llll(l fl'oiiblcsomc (pick-
lltlllh.

Norton To Sell Unclaimed Books

From Summer Sessions, Past Year.

'l'llci‘c will be ll book .‘slilf' of fill
imoku ll'lllll lilhi yciil' illld illc Milli-
llll'l' :d‘hnltlll which have liol bccll
clilllncd. according to Virginia Nor-
lon "hi. (ll'ilnd Mili'ishill. 'l'lic :llilc
\\lll lll‘ llf‘lil ioliiiy i‘l'olll i‘Iill to 3:30
p ill. oulsillc the Cllllllllllilh

(‘iinlpiis (‘onllliission “'1” how
chiii'gc of the sale. 'l‘ili-lc is a liii'gc
:a-li-clion of books available.

events of Michelangelo’s life and
how they influenced his creations.
The Work is followed in sequence
from its beginnings under Ghlr-
landio’s tutelage to the Pieta and
the Descent from the Cross, to the
ﬁnal sculptures he created in his
old age.

The artistic works remain the
center of attention throughout the
ﬁlm. the camera. stops to examine
each piece of sculpture and dwells
on the painting of the Sistine Chap-
el—both the ceiling and the Last
Judgment.

There are no living actors in the
story. You hear sounds and voices.
see famous Italian buildings such
as the Palazzo Medici, also the wa-
terfall at Tlvoli. as well as portraits
of Michelangelo himself and other
important artists of ills time. These
references to important religious
ﬁgures and historical happenings
help explain the changing character
of Michelangelo's art.

In conjunction with the coming
movie, the Art Department of the
College will exhibit reproductions of
Michelangelo's paintings of the Sis-
tine Chapel on Second floor Draper.
Monday. according to Ruth E.
Hutchins. Assistant Professor of Art.

Newmoniles Plon
Siena Dole Party

Newman Hall has scheduled a
date party which will be held to—
morrow night at; 8 pm. at New-
man Hall. Those attending will in—
clude residents of the dormitory and
students frolll Siena College. accord—
illg to Margaret Edwards ’52, Pres-
ident.

Tile committees are as follows:
Chairman. Eugenia Corilli '52; Re-

ception, Lois Holland; Victrola.
Florence Paris. Seniors; Decora-
tions. Patricia Aswad; Refresh-

ments. ll'cnc Brezlnsky. Sophomores.
The decorations. centered around
a full theme. will be a medley of
bright colors. Refreshments will ill-
cludc cokes, varieties of cookies. and
pretzel and popcorn tidbits.

State Honor Societies

To Hold Fall Meetings

Honorary societies have sched-
uled their first meetings of" tile fall
semester. Kappa Pill Kappa. a pro-
fessional education fraternity, and
Pi Gamma Mu, il national honor
social science society, have planned
meetings for next week.

Pi Gamma Mn is holding a busi-
ness meeting Tuesday lll Room 101,
Draper at 7:80 pm. according to
Michael Lamanntl '51. President.
Kappa Phi Kappa will hold its
meeting ill the Lounge at 8 pin.
Tucsdiiy, according to Arthur Pe-
dcrscn ‘50, President. The guest
speaker will be Willillm G. Meyer,
Instructor ill Modern Languages.
Rci'rcslllncnts will be served follow-
illg the meeting.

Science Club Plans
Laboratory Tours

Tours of Science laboratories are
l‘orcscen ill tllc future for Science
Club lllt'lllbt‘l'F. while. sozlc of the
members are working on re-
scui‘ch projects for the Eastern Col—
lcgcs Science Conference. Herbert
’l‘hici' '53. President of Science. Club
disclosed.

Pilins lire being lllildc for mom-
bcl's lo illilkc various cxcui'siolls ill
the near future to thc Dudley ()b-
scrviliory, General liill‘t‘il'lf'. lllid
Sicrhng-Winthrop Research Labor-
illorics.

Si-vcriil sludcnts ilrc gclmgcd ill
research projects under the direc-
lioii of lni-iilbcrs of the filciilly.
'l‘hcsc l'cscili‘cll projects will be ill-
ki-li lo the next meeting of the
l‘illtill‘i‘ll (‘ollegcs Scleilcv Confcr-
cllcc, of which file Silllc Collcgc
Scicncc (‘lnb is it lllt'lllllt'l‘. The coil-
lf'l‘t'llf‘t‘ is coillposcd of 300 leading
I‘illhll'l'il colleges. Science Club is
nnlluilily represented by several slu—
dents and n illumber of lhe faculty

PAGE 3

Newman, SCA
Slate Receptions

Tu, Smoker, Dancing
To Highlight Weekend

Newman Club and Student Chris-
tian Association have both planned
their annual receptions for this
weekend. Included on the agenda
are the Newman Club tea party.
smoker, and the Student Christian
Association Frosh Frolic.

Newman Club will hold its annual
tea party for the women of state
College at Newman Hall this Sun-
day at 3 pm. Elizabeth Cahill ’51.
Chairman of the tea. has stated
that Dr. Mary Goggin, Assistant
Professor of Ancient, Languages, will
be the guest speaker. Newman Club
has also planned its annual smoker
for the men of State College at 7:30
pm. John Lannon ’53. is chairman
of the affair. Refreshments will be
served.

Newman Club to Act as Host

This weekend Newman Club is
acting as host to the Ofﬁcers of the
Central New York Association of
Newman Clubs. Paul LeBrun '51.
Chairman. has announced that nine
schools of New York State will be
represented at the meetings.

Student Christian Association will
hold its annual Frosh Frolic to-
mororw at 8 pm. in the Lounge.
Carol Jenkins ‘51, General Chair-
man, has announced that everyone
is invited. Tllere will be round and
square dancing with Stuart L. Gates
'51, calling. Entertainment Chair-
man Helen Pilcher ‘52, has planned
a program including members of
the Class of '54. Belva McLaurin ’51
is ill charge of refreshments.

Mathews Lists

New Placements

Tile following graduates have re-
ceived positions for the present year
as announced by Elmer C. Mathews.
Director of the Teacher Placement.

Those placed are Diane S. Web-
ber '50. Hill'twick. Social Studies
and English; Mary A. Lynch. Grad,
Schoharic. Junior High Social Stud-
ies. English, Driver Training; Joyce
Deubert ‘50, Conoseraga, English,
Library; Mary Kosegarten '32. Aver-
ill Park. Guidance; Carroll P. Gal-
livan '50. Newton Falls-Clifton Fine.
Commerce; Marjorie Smith '50, Sha-
ron Springs. Spanish. French; Rob-
ertson Baker '50, McGl'aw. Science;
Helene Nichols ’46. Hillsdale. Li-
brary; Anita Melewicz. Grad, Mille-
ola. Library; Raymond Parker ‘50,
Glovcrsville Junior High, Social
Studies.

Also included are Dorothy Parr
'49. Ravena, Commerce: Thelma
Pangburn ‘50. Robert Kaiser ‘50.
Monticello. Math; Eugene 'I‘ill'cn
‘50. Mincola. Jr. High Science. Math;
Marjorie Lyons '50. Huntington
Roosevelt, Elementary: John Mc-
Gi'uth ‘50. Seneca Falls. Commerce;
Jollil Portal '50. Cato Meridian. Jr.
High English, Social Studies: Rob-
ert Bottomley '50. Riisloil Academy,
Havana, Cuba. English; Basil Kilr-
‘50. Mincolil Junior High! Science.
Math: Marjorie Lyons '50. Hunting-
toll Roosevelt. Elementary; John
McGi'ilth '50, Seneca Fillls, Coili-
mcrcc: John Perth ‘50. Ciilo Morl-
dan. Junior High English. Social
Studies: oRbei't Bottoilllcy '50. Rus-
ion Academy, HllYtillll. Ciibil. Eng-
lis: Basil Kili‘piilk '50. Fort Coyillg-
loll, Conlnlci'cc. Conch; Jouil Kry-
ton '50. Delmar. English ti: Clll'ill
Lil Rilwr '50. Cuzcilovlil College.
Commerce; James Brccn '50. Crown
Point. Social Studics: Shirley Wil-
liams ‘48. Buffalo Biiyloll Strillion
Business Illstilulc. Coincrcc; and
Evelyn Wciscilbcrgcr ‘50, Schcncvus
(Con/blind on Pug/c 1,, Columns“

Music Department Requests
Students For College Orchestra

Sliidcnls who are llllci‘csfed lil
joining the college orchestra or op-
crcilii class are urged to intend
the illccliilgs of the respective
groups according to Dr. Charles F.
Stokes. Professor of" Music. The
()i'(.‘llf'hii‘ll lnccts Tuesdays ill 3:35
. "1.. Room Bil ill Richardson. Ill-
slrumcnls will be provided for those
who do not have them.

’l‘hc opei‘ctlil l'liiss lllL’i‘ln Mon-
(lll)'n ill 3:35 p. ill.. llooill 130 ill
iliclnlrdmin. Students wishing lo ('11-
(cr lllc opci'ctlii f‘lllhn’ ciill joili by
coilliicling Dr. Stokes. 'l'hi- opcr—
cllii lo be presented this your is
H‘lolanlhc" by Gilbert and Sullivan.

 

 

 

