 

 

MOI XI

 

 

 

Dr. Charles L. Andrews, Profes-‘
s'or of Physics; ‘Dr. Anne R. Oliver,
Assistant Professor of IPhysics; and
Marvin J. Pryor, Instructor in

,Physics, will attend the meetings

of the Physical Society and the
American Association of Physics
Teachers to be held in New York
City February 1, 2 and 3. Dr. An-
drews will present a paper on “the
Defraction of Waves by an Aper-
ture” for the Physical Society.
Elnora Drafahl, Instructor in
English, is directing the radio
shows sponsored by the Capital

_ District PTA. The programs can be

heard over station WPTR beginning
February 10. Participants are the
members of the Debate and Dls~
cussion classes.

Math Club To Meet

For Geometry Lecture
Ruth Marschner '50, President of
Mathematics Club, has scheduled a
meeting of the club. On Tuesday
night, at 7:30 p.m., the members
will hear a talk by Virginia Mac-
Donald ’52. Miss MacDonald’s talk
will be on the subject of using
models in plane geometry class.

Non- Returners To See Cooper

Student Board of Finance wishes
to announce that students leaving
at the end of this semester must
return their tax tickets to Dr. Ed-
ward Cooper, Professor of Com-
merce. If you are not a G.I.. you
may be entitled to a refund of one—
half of the current tax assessment.

 

L O S T
BLUE SILK SCARF
(RED & YELLOW FIGURES!
REWARD
RETURN TO
Ellen Fay—-Grad.

 

 

THREE SPEEDS AHEAD
78 — 45 — 331/3

BLIIE NOTE 8Hth

156 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

 

 

Clothes Dryers - Study Lamps
THOUSANDS OF ITEMS

Central Variety Store

313 Central Avenue
Below Quail Street
Open Every Night Till 9

1.. G. Balfour (to.

Fraternity Jewelers
JEWELRY GIFTS. FAVORS

 

 

BADGES. STEINS, RINGS
CLUB PINS, KEYS
STATIONERY. PROGRAMS
MEDALS TROI’IIIES

Write or Call
CARI. SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford. N.Y.
Telephone 'l‘roy Adams 8-2523

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portraiture At Its Finest"
‘ ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMICS
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
~ ~

OPEN 9:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
011 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4~0017

 

 

 

 

.TT.‘ 373“?! COLLEGI‘ NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 13. 1930

.  4W Campus Babies Bring Parental Pride, Gurgles, Toys, Cowboys

To. Married Vets, Upperclassmen, 'News’ Survey Reports

By ADAMS and DE CICCIO

Campus babiese-a vanishing Am-
erican species, arm the latest mag-
azines report. But State still has a
few proud parents among its sixty-
eight married veterans. ‘

.Susie, right, our typical Campus
baby, daughter of Mr..and Mrs. Sid
Ayers, is expected to be a ‘sports-
minded individual, as her mother is
a Physical Education instructor in
Johnstown. Her father, who is tak-
ing graduate work in Guidance and
Administration, is eager to acquire
his Master's, so that he may spend
more time with the rest of his fam-
ily, as they are living in Johnstown.

A quick survey this week account-
ed for seventeen children, ranging
in age from two months to four
years old, and several anticipated in
the near future. The majority of
parents are among the graduates,
though the three upper classes claim
their share.

Yes, even at State we find stu-
dents concerned with dolls, tri-
eycles. cowboys and trains—for the
younger ones, of course. Instead of
reminiscing about the date of the
night before, these statesmen re-
member with pride the clever re-
marks of Junior. One little Miss
reprimanded her mother (who had
forgotten to put her pillow on the

 
 

 

Copyright 1930, LIOGIIT a Mun Term Co.

 

 

SUSAN AYERS. 6 Months

 

 

bed) with: “Where am I going to
lay my sweet little head?" And one
young man wonders where the cow-
boys disappear after the movie is
over.

Working wives are in order in
most cases as these marriages have
to be worked on a co-operative
basis. The parents are really con-
cerned about the housing problem.
Practically every active veteran con-

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
    

 

 

 

ﬂeyie III/III,” lime I'd/457'

tacted by phone had changed his
residence since the Student Direc-
tory had been printed. They would
like to see more low-rent housing.
One student, who transferred
from a Western College. finds that
State hasn't as much Campus life
for the veterans in comparison.
There, a more co-operative feeling
is present among veterans’ families,
as each is willing to do klddying
for others, whereas at State the
parents have difficulty in securing
sitters. This particular state college
provided a community dance-hall.
free movies and parties. He reports
that college housing was wonderful
with plenty of quonset huts and
pre-i‘abricated houses.

Do these parents want their chil-
dren to attend State? Some, whose
real alma meters are elsewhere,
naturally put those first. But the
enthusiastic affirmative was typi-
fied by the reply, "What’s good
enough for father, is good enough
for son."

Request Faculty To Return Proois

William Dumbleton ’50. Editor of
the Pedagogue, requests all faculty
members who have not returned
the proofs of their pictures to
please leave them at the PO.

  
  
   
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

Chesterfield To Initiate
’Happy Birthday' Contest

Monday, the Chesterfield “Happy
Birthday" Contest will get under-
way, according to Jane Cook ’51,
Chesterfield Campus Representa-
tive. The contest will be run for
twelve weeks, with each week rep-
resenting a month of the year. Next
week, any student whose birthday
falls in the month of January may
enter the contest by writing his
name on the back of a Chesterfield
wrapper and dropping it in a des-
ignated box outside the 00-01). The
following week will include all Febru-
ary birthdays and so on through
the twelve months. At the end of
each week, a name will be drawn
from the box, and the winner will
receive a “Happy Birthday" carton
of Chesterfields. Any State College
student may enter the contest.

State College News 

VOL. XXXIV NO. 15

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

Schedule Debate TPB Occupies
At West Point New Location
Seventy-Filth Match In Draper Hall

Includes omen F
State TrYouts Prepare rise: destination: W ' '°’  J-   or
F L I c m “Mon 5m Rescliiming their activlJties for tge  haglgilegseiiilrsiforma-
Ol' 0C6 O .. secon semester, mem ers of t e e‘ 9 8“ “mall's
‘ p  “33‘:  Eattizlrg‘l'; debate Squad have accepted the new ofﬁce. The new ofﬁce of Elmer _
Plans are now being Ol‘gﬁszd for through your veins or a new Ed challenge from the debaters of West 0- Mathewsv D1"?ch 0f TeBCher WIIII DUICI‘I Students
the eighth annual Hearst Newspa- book? ' Point to participate in six debates. Placement Bureauu W1“ be located In
per Tournament of Orators, which n under 21 mm better write This group of debates, which is me Room 107 Draper. This new location Students of State College will have
will be held sometime in the spring, home to Motﬁe’; and M 0mm seventy-fifth one with other (301- was formerly the ofﬁce of Dr. Ralph an Opportunity to write to students
according to Mrs' Frank carrino' In sion but if ou’reg angler is leges for this year, will be held at 3- Kenney iPl'OIeSSOI' 0f Gilldance. 1“ the 00119395 0f Nllmegan. H01-
structor in English and Bernadette ,il 5" t lb it west Point. Saturday at 4:30 pm Sabol states that the purpose for land- Lists 0f names 0f Nllmegan
you have to urge d. out this change of ofﬁces is to central- students will be posted today on the

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1950

 

Bender laboratory Offers
Get-Rich-Quick Program

You got blood you ain't even
used yet?

Blood banks are in need of
that vital substance. It may be
given or sold—positive Rh fact-

Niimegan, State
Establish Plans

For Friendships

To Post Names, Date
For Letter Exchange

Hearst Orators
Will Participate
In Spring Contest

The Chesterfield program at State
is run in conjunction with the na-
tional college program.

 

Popular — Classical

Records For Sale

Contact

HAROLD ROTIISTEIN
Student Mail

‘52

 

w AMiﬂ/CAIY COIIIGIJ‘
mm m: rap Mill Mr spam
mm m: I/ourwooo rm»:

‘By Roconl National Survey

lit NORTHWESTERN and Colleges
and Universities throughout
the country CHESTERFIELD is .
V the largesteselling“cigarette;

PATRICIA NEAL

lovely Northwestern Alumna, says:

“I’ve always preferred Chesterﬁelds
and I’m sure I always shall. They’re
much MILDER.”

ﬁre/a, 76!

CO-STAR RING IN

"HASTY HEART"

A WARNER IIROS. PRODUCTION

at:

 

 

Freel '50, Public Relations Editor of
the State College Newa.

The annual competitions are dedi—
cated to great Americans and their
contributions to our national herit-
age. James Madison will be the
theme of the orations this year. The
speech must be original and deliv-
ered without notes. Quoted pas-
sages musl not exceed one-third 0f
the text. Delivery time is limited to
six minutes.

Plan College Elimination Contest

Only one candidate from each
participating school and college may
be entered in the local finals. Each
school and coll-ego will conduct its
own preliminary competition to se-
lcct its candidate. The date for the
contest. which will be held at State
College late in March. will be ill]-
nounccd in the near future.

'l‘hc date for the Albany Tourna-
ment. is April 6. Albany's champions
will compete with the finalist from
Boston, Baltimore and Now York in
the Eastern Zonc evcnt which will
be licld in Baltimore on May 10, The
National Finals will ulso be hold in
Baltimore on May 12.

’l‘iIncs-llnion ()ll'i-I's I’i'izcs

’l‘hc ’I‘imcs-Unlon will award 11
:sci'ics oi' prim-s in thc Albany finals
in equal amounts to tho ('ollcui' and
high school divisions. All pi'm's in
locul, l‘l‘KIllllilI illl(l nulloiuil linuls
will be in Uuilcd Sluics Savings
Bonds. 'l‘hc National Champion in
(.‘ilL'll division will Ili.‘ uwui'dcd $1000
and lhc l'llllll(.'|'.\'<ll|) $100 each. Eust—
(‘l'll zonc cutrunls will rcccivc $50
nwui'ds. I‘lxpclist‘x oi' cundldulcs cu—
tci'cd in tho Zouc and National Il-
nuls will bc paid by tho ncwspupcrs.

Dorothy Midglcy, (ii'uduulc. won
thc pi'climhuu'y contcsl ul Slulc
lusl ycui', and Winn on to win in tho

(Conliinu-d on Pug/r /,, (.‘olirxmii 1)

Religious Clubs
Arrange Events

(tooling cycnls schcdulcd by lhc
ltclunous Clubs includc u discussion,
lcciurcs, ‘il ll'iblc study. :1 (lllllll‘l’,
und :1 lnccluug.

Illlll'l Hoclciy will sponsor :1 dis-
cumuiu on "Ml'l'l‘_\-I(Illllll',h in .lcw—
lsh l..iw llllll 'I'i'dillllllll" Suiiduy ill
’7 p, “1.. ill IIllll'l llull, iii-cording lo
llinuil (lillll'll'h ‘01, I'l'l'.‘l(ll'lll.

Hpcci'licr. by u I'lllllll. u iloclol'. :ilnl
it lowlci' \\‘lll ho lollowcd hy (llM‘ll‘ir
siou ullci' which lIll'l‘l' will Iic l'l“
li‘c.-i1nni-nls llllll diuicnnz,

Hillill‘l A'Il'l‘l'lillll, u l'l'l‘l‘lll produ—
iilc ol Huron (tollcirc. will p,l\l' ll
sprcch i-ullllcd "Spy", 'l‘luu‘sdny ill
noon 111 Room ilil. :u'corduu: lo lloi‘ls
l’ricc ':20, I‘ll'hllli'lll. ol lV(‘l“

A liililc Milli) \\lll bc hil.l llllliit
ill 2i Jill p 111 ill ltoom Illll. uccoi'd—
no: lo Ilili'ln I’l'll‘l' 'l‘lic Il'l'llll‘l'l' will
bc Ml‘w 'l'l'uycr \lllo will spcuk on
lhc (impi-l oI Hi .lohu

lh' minus 1i. ('ollms. I’l'l‘hllll‘lll,
will [Hill on "I‘llllll‘llllllll uud (‘lil‘lti—
lmum" chucnduy ill noon in lhc
(‘lmpcl m ilic Uiuliu'uiu l‘hurch,
lli‘l'lll'lllll'; lo .ll'illl liowcil '.‘)(l, I‘i‘cn-
ldcul ol Hl‘A,

’l'hc Sludcul (llii'isliiiii Moycmcul
w11| sponsor u llllllli'l' llllll i'cuulon
ucxl li'l'llllly ul. 0 pm. at llu- llopc
lluplisl. Church ill. 51:! Clinton A\’l'-
lllll'. iu'col'dlnu to Miss llowcn. Itcs—
crvullohs must bc mudc bci'oi'i-
’l‘ucsdily.

'l‘hc Christian Scicncc Organiza-
tion will hold u loci-ting 'l‘uesdity
ill 7:30 p. m. in ltoom lll, accord—
ing to Wuyuc Palmer '00. President.

for awhile.

Don’t worry about your blood
not being used. If a month
lapses (then it no longer can
be used for transfusions), the
blood will be used for other
medical purposes, such as cul-
ture media.

So trot on down to the Albany
Hospital blood bank at Bender
Laboratory, 136 South Lake
Avenue. You’ve got ten pints of
blood—there’s $50 or $100, easy!
lBut you can collect only once
every eight weeks.)

 

Greeks State
Rushing Plans

An announcement concerning
chunuci. in sorority rushing rules
has bccn i'clcuscd by Margaret. Hos-
king‘ ‘50, President of Inter-Sorority
Council. Highlighting the sociul cul-
cndur for lliis weekend for lhc trill.-
ci'hitics urc Kuppu Delta Rho :lll(l
Sigmu liiunbdu Sigma pill'tIl‘S.

Miss Hosking has sluicd thul thr-
:.ilcnl rush pci'iod is schcdulcd lo
bcgiu 12:30 u.m., Sulill'duy night,
l‘cbruui'y Ill. Im'itulions for formal
wci-kcnd will be cxtcndcd in thc
lounuc. Monday. I"cbi'uui‘y 20 1mm
0 ll. Ill. lo 12:30 |l.ill., the sonic limo
during winch rushccs 1111- lo pick
up lllc noliccs l'or lhi-sc unuulions
in thc sludcnt niiiil boxcs, ’i‘hi- Ill-
\'llulions musl. bc i‘cliu'ncd lo the
Lounge by 5 p.In., Moutiuc ulter-
noon.

h‘oror‘uy llll'llllh'l‘H urc not ilIIll\\'-
cd to spcuk lo l'i'cslnncn :uid trons-
Il‘l' womcu bclwccn 7 pm. and '7
21.111. on \\’ci-k nights and hclwi-cli
lhc hours of 12 p. m. and 7 :1. ill. on
lhc wcckcuds.

According to Iiilllli‘lll‘ ~l‘cli'ic '51,
Sociul Cllllll'lllllll o1" Kuppu l)cliu
Rho, lhc uunuul rush pm'ly. ul lhc
Knit Miinor. will lukc plucc tomor—
row nighi. l'roln 8:30 p.111. to 12
midnight in llll' Commons. Cor-
sugcs will bc pivcn out. und i'clrcsh-
nicnls will bc hl*1'\'l'(l.

According to Donald 'l‘nyloi' ‘00.
(lcnci'ul (‘lmu'muu of 1m cycnl,
Snunu Irilllll)(lil Hinmu will lcului'c
llll' Willllll‘llillllll‘l'lh llull [Ills cl'cll-
inn, wilh sipiurc and round dimcuug.
lo llll' music of u (llllll‘l‘ huiul.
lluscs will lcuyc lll 7:30 p.m.
li'oin lhc hock do n' ol lh'upci' IIllll
lor Ihc Wc-l Alhuny (‘onnnuuliy
llnll llll llll' ()sl'ol'lli‘ lloull Nutcr-
lllllllllllll l‘ llllllllll'll. :iud l‘l'll'('\Il-
minis \llll l;c .‘~l'|‘\t'(l

Request Students To Pay
Second Semester Fees

Hludculi who culcl‘cd llllr. si-uicrv
icl‘ mud. |li|_\' llll'll‘ sludcnl lux u.“
niulll us pomuhlc, ili‘i‘lll'lllll'l lo llcy-
crly lx’uhlkui 'lil, Hcci'cliii'y ol lhc
Hludcni llozu'd oi I"ll|llll('l‘. ’l‘hc lccs
:n'c $11M) Ioi‘ llll(ll'l'l{l‘llllllllli'ti and
$3.00 for lruduulcs, and should bc
puld to in. I‘Ill\\’ltl'll 1.. (‘oopci', l‘i‘o—
lcssor ol' ('lllllllll'l‘i'i‘, in Humor 303

Stokes Invites Flash, Irontlers
To Participate In Music Gioups

Ili'. (illul‘lcs I". h‘tokch. I’l‘llll'hhlll'
of Music, hiu; cxicudcd llll invitu-
lion coucci'niug tho i'llol'lll groups
and tho orchcstru. l.)r. Stokes invlics
any new i‘i'eshnuui or transfer stu—
dent to participate lll either or both
of the ubovo untlvltles.

Members participating from State
College are as follows: on the af-
firmative, Eariine Thompson, Har-
old Vaughn, Seniors; Edwin Kur-
lander '51, Marjorie Farwell ’52,
Janet Leonard and Joyce Leonard,
freshmen; on the negative, Edward
White, Walter Farmer, Thomas
Godward, Juniors; Eleanor Rosen-
blum. Daniel Joy, Sophomores; and
Robert Berkhofer '53. This Is the
first time that women have even
been invited to debate with the
cadets from West Point.

Critics for the debates will be
members of the West Point English
and Social Science Departments.
Entertainment will be provided be-
fore and after the debates by the
West Pointers.

Mouse Race, Freaks, Fun House

lze the administrative ofﬁces in Dra-
per Hall.

Dr .Kenney will now have his of-
ﬁce in Room 1, Richardson. while
the Placement Bureau's old resi-
dence in Milne will have two new oc-
cupants. Dr. Joseph Lesse, Profes-
sor of Education, will locate his of-
ﬁce there, as will CASDA, Capital
Area School Division Association.

Placement Bureau notices will
continue to be placed in the regular
TPB mailboxes in Lower Draper.

The new ofﬁce has been redeco-
rated, with a special space set aside
for interviews. Glass partitions have
been installed, and the front part of
the ofﬁce will be used for a reception
room.

To Set State Fair Atmosphere

By VICTORIA ICAl)lvl

Lndics und gcnllcmcnwnnd slu-
dcnis ol' SCT. the event you‘ve bccn
waiting.’ for all winter long is almost
Il'l‘l‘f‘l ’I‘hul. guln chning of fun and
i'cluxulion l'or ilII-mllllll. ulluir put
on by studcnls cspi-ciully for sin-
dcnis. lhclr i'i'icnds and faculty
nicmbci's. It's SC’l”s Slutc Fulr on
Siuui'diiy, Fcbrum'y 10.

Now, ya don'l. hich to conic in
l'uncy duds; just drcsx us you please.
'l‘hci'c‘s (‘llll‘l'llllllllli‘llt guloi'c plun-
ncd und scuds of calls, loo. Booths
will bc scutlcrcd iln'ougluiul Lowcr

TPB Finds Positions

For Fourteen Students

I‘Illlll‘l' (I, Mullicws. Hood of
’l‘cucln-i' Phiccmcnl has announced
lhut thc following stndcnis liuvc rc—
ccivcd touching posilions:

Mui'um'cl. llocl‘ucr ‘40. North Belle
morc. Long lshind, Junior 111in
English; (illl)l'|'l. I“. l-lolliduy “l0,
Hintc lélduculion Dcpui'tincni, Al—
biuiy. Hiulc lllsloi'liui's oi'llcc. Ll-
In'iu'y; ltulniondil Pilulo '40, llcndcr-
son (‘cuti'ul School, English; Joull-
nu Wclls "10, Millbrook. English 11.
12, Public Hpcuking; Mui'ion Prox-
mu‘c '-lil, lllnghiuulon, Sociul Slud-
ics: lllllh‘l‘l (ilcnlslci' ‘ilil. lihincbcck,
Mulhcinuilcs, Hociul Sludlcs.

(il'ill'l' .loncs “ill. liin lh'ook Sunl-
liu'ium; I"|'lllll( /\11(|l'l'()lll‘ '50. Nlll'lll
(.l'l"|(. 71h (ii'iidc I‘Illlzllh‘ll. Hociul
Sludlcs; I"(ll'l'l‘hl Hill '00. Millln'ook.
(fonnnci'cc; Willluni Ill‘lilllltl‘l‘ '50,
('l'llWll l’oun. (fouunci'cc; I‘Iill'l Sicil-
mun '00. (‘hulluun. Hclcncc; Vilro
Lillipo ‘00. 'l‘hci'csu. (‘onnui-l'cc: .lolui
Lion: '00, (Tulsklll. Hociiil Sludics 10
llllll Iii; l'Iiu'lc l“lull "ho. ll‘ullou. 191m,—
hsh l llllll :1,

Plan Commons' Auction

OI Unclaimed Articles

'l‘licrc will hc u :~.uli' oi Lost llllll
l-‘ound Ai'licli-s Moluluy ulid ch-
ncsdiiy ll'lllll 11! lo 12:00 pm. hi the
Commons, uccoi'dliu; lo .luciplclluc
(Hiploll '02, (‘huu'mun ol' the Lord
illlll l"ouui| llcpui'luicnl.

Amour; lhc things which will bi-
up lor Mllc m'c wallets, pens, pcnclls,
sciu'l‘s. bclls, books and other odds
iuid l‘llllh’. The prices will be diitcr-
lllllllill bi-i‘oi'c illc siilc. rind every-
thing is oxpoclcd to be sold cheaply,

Procccds ol' the side will be turn-
ed over to Student Council, Miss
Coplon stated.

I.)l’il])(‘l', und cuch sorority, fl'ulcr-
nily. group housc and club will be
l‘l‘l)l'('H(‘llI.l‘(l.

Whuts' in sloi'cwyou name it,
SC'I"s Stutl- Fair's not it! There‘s a
mouse rucc lsequcl to lust. ycur's lur-
llc ruccl. The Musical Vci'sion oi'
ihc Kinsey chort, u l'un house, a
[wok show. mid oodlcs ol‘ booths
juuuni-d-puckcd with sui'pi‘iscs.

Pom-r Club opens- 1950's Sliilc Fair
with their show in ihc Auditorium.
The l'i'osh houses on Western Ave-
nuc will pi'cxcnt the [ionic at 11
pm, in the Commons. which will
wind-up your evening with u bung.

.loc Purdy ‘51. is in charge 01' ﬁ-
uiuiccs ;.lunc Whitcmiin ‘50. judges
and prizcs ;Boh Donnclly ‘52, pub-
licity: and Ruth Dunn, ‘53, finale.

Ionic ill the bcgiinilngwstiiy until
lhc cud lo scc who is awarded first
and sccoud prize. Judgcs will bc
none otlici' thiui membrane of our
own i'iu'ulty.

'Fl‘llsll girls luke notice! You urc
.lll’l'll 12:30 hours that night. so join
thc crowd of incrrymiikcrs.

ltcmcmbcr. that's Fcbruiu‘y 10 ill.
7:30 pm. llopc lo scc yu all, lhc
uighl. Stiilc iicipih'cs lhc "State
Fair" Look,

Center Orientation
On Sorority Topic

“'l‘hc lllhl'llssloll ol Horoi'illcs”
\\’lll hc lhc lil|)ll‘ llll' lhc oricnlullon
progrum lo hc hcld Mondiiy iil 3:30
pm . lll Ihc uudiloi'lum. lll'l'lll'lllllH to
in, lilllcu (‘. Hlokcs, [icon of Woiucu.
Willlll’ll il'uludcl's ui'c cspcclully Ill-
\'II(‘(I lo ullcnd lhc discussion illlil llll
llll‘ll urc cxcuscd li'om ihc lll'll‘lllll‘
lliui lllcclilul.

llcuu Slokcs \\‘lll cxpliun bidding.
ihc sorority syslcm iuld ihc purl 11
pluys on llll' collcpc campus. A so—
i'orlly l',ll'l \l'lll lhcu spcuk llll‘ ilic
oi‘iuiliimilions, mud on Indcpcndcul
will :.pi-iili on llll‘ yiilucs ol i'cinuin-
mi; uulcpcmlcul.

Kappa Phi Kappa Plans Meeting;
Dr. Frederick Will Speolr

()u ’l‘ucsduy at 0 pin, in tho
liounnc. Kappa Phi Kuppii lili‘illbl‘l'i-l
will hour u tulk by Dr. Robert li‘l'cd-
drink. Professor of lilducutlon. Ac—
cording to Emory Osborne, (li'iiduule,
President, Dr. li‘i'edol‘lok will speak
on his experiences as u teacher in
lluwuil lust your.

   
  
   
  
   
   

bulletin board between Richardson
and Husted.

The letters are to be written in
English. The State College News is
sponsoring the project at State, ac-
cording to Shirley Wiltse '50, Edi-
tor.

Aims To Cement Relations

The purpose of writing is to help
establish a close relationship be-
tween the schools and colleges of
Albany and those of Nijmegan, ac-
cording to Dr. Townsend Rich, Pro-
lessor of English, representing the
Albany-Nijmegan committee from
State.

Lists will be posted today. with
the name, address, sex, and year in
college of the Nijmegan students.
The lists will be placed on the bul-
lclin board between Hosted and
Richardson. Students may choose a
name. and indicate that they will
write to that person by signing their
own name beside it. Taking a name
signifies that the person will delin-
ilcly write to that person, according
to Miss Wilise.

To Write ()nly First Letter

Students are expected to write on-
ly the ﬁrst letter. If the replies are
interesting. and the student wishes
to continue the correspondence. that
is up lo him.

The sludcnls in Albany High
Schools are illl‘Cll(I_V wriling letters
to thc Nijincgun High Schoolsstate
Collcgc faculty members have also
wriltcn to the faculty of the Nij-
mcgun colleges.

Nijmcgiu was adopted by Albany
(Coulinurd on Page 1,, (1011mm?)

Pierce Hostesses

To Open House

Plcrcc llull. lllllllllll residence hall,
will hold an Open House tomorrow
night, uecoi‘diug to Marjorie Hills
‘50. House President.

'l‘hc Opcll i-lousc will take place
between the hours 0:30 to 12 p.iil.,
and (luncng will be to the tune of
ii ylcli'olu.

Coinmillcc clnih'incn ure us 101-
lows: VI('II'()Ill, Elslc Show ’51, Bar-
bm'u Ncwcoinb '53; Refreshments,
Ahkc Aposiolldcs llllll Joan M. Bell-
ucll. I‘l'l'iillllll‘ll: ltcccplion. Wilma
llcymi. illlll Sully Swanson. l'rcsh-
inch; and liiulcrliilnmcni. Patricia
I)l'\’lll '52, Iilllllfl Chudwick ‘53.

Mllill‘NI Nukiisonc ‘50, will sing
uud pluy lhc gulliu'; .liuict Wlmbert
"012. und lliu'biu'ii Ni-wcombc '53. will
ulso sing; llcliy (Mykcndull '53, will
l'l'llll u dliiloguc; iuid IllllllHl‘ Pct-
llcld \\lll l'l‘lllll‘l' sonic pluno scloc-
lions.

llr. I‘Ill\\‘lll'(l Show, l’rol’cssor ol'
I“l'l‘ll('ll, and Mrs. Show. and Dr. J.
Wcslcy (‘lllllll‘l'.\. l‘i‘olcssor ol' Spun—
lsll. mid Mrs. Cliildcrs will not us
cllupcl'ohcs l'oi‘ llli' cyclllllu.

Department Plans English Evening;
Hastings Will Address Group

’l‘hc lilllnllhll licpiu'uucut ls lnvlt—
mg ull English lilillllll‘H lo uticlld
letiiiilish lityculng, which will he held
chncsduy ul ll p. 111. in lhc Lounge,
according to Dr. Shlclds Mcllwulno,
Professor of English. in. Harry
llustings. l’l‘olcssm' Emeritus 01’
Slide lollcge, is scheduled to speak
about literature.

Dr. Vlvlim Hopkins, Assistant
Pi'oi'cssol' of English, is ill charge of
English Evening, and states that it
will be it series of meetings for the
benefit of English majors. but will
not become a club.

