 

PAGI I

Write A Letter . .

The Albany-Nijmegan Friendship Committee
was right,‘we feel, in deciding that one of the best
ways to maintain the friendly feeling between A1-
bany and the Dutch city of Nijmegan was to have
the students and teachers of the high schools write
to those of Nijmegan. We should feel privileged
that we have been asked to cooperate. As a teach-
er-training college, we have much in common with
the students and teachers of Nijmegan‘s schools
for teachers.

In 1947, the city of Albany sent a ship-load of
food, new clothing, and medical supplies, about
$2,000,000 worth in all, to the city of Nijmegan.
State College participated in this drive. Since then,
relations between Albany and N ijmegan have been
close and personal. The Dutch answered the Al-
bany gift, after their city had recovered somewhat,
with gifts and appreciation. The mayor of .\'ij-
megan visited Albany in the Fall of 1947 to offer
his thanks.

By now, Nijmegan has for the most part re-
covered frorn the ravages of the War. llut the
close relationships between the tWo cities which
have so much in common should not be lost.

Albany is by no means a college minded town.
but we have received recognition here, and are men-
tioned consistently in the local papers. We are
deﬁnitely a part of the community of Albany, and
as such participated in the first drive to aid Nij-
rnegan, and are now accorded the privilege of rep-
resenting Albany to the college students in that
city.

There are many reasons why the Artur feels that
we will want to write letters to the students of
Nijmegan teachers' colleges.

First, we represent Albany. and will help main-
tain the friendly tie between Albany and Nijniegan.
We can tell the Dutch people how Albany is dif-
ferent from other cities, what the relation of the
college is to the city, and how the students tit into
the city as temporary residents. We can see what
similarities besides the seven hills on which both
are built exist between the cities.

Second, it is important that the people of Ilol-
land get an honest picture of what life in America
is like. Residents of many l‘iuropean countries rrray
have a distorted idea of how we live. just as our
picture of their life is also distorted. Ilere is a prac-
ticer opportunity both to satisfy our orvrr curiosity
about them and help cement American interlin-
tional relations at the same time. It is true that
crirrcsprindcnce with one member of a college in
Holland does not immediately rrrake over the tarr—
gled international picture! liul it is not too ideal—
istic. to hope that many letters. from Albany and
other cities, will help people widely separated to
understand each other better.

'l‘hird, here is a chance to get acquainted with
some interesting person, who is going to be a teach~
er, lull who has a vastly different background and
education.

If the results of a letter to Nijmegan are not
satisfactory, there is no obligation to write more
than the one. So. the writing procedure depends
upon the interest. and We are sure that many people
will strike up \vorlhuhile friendships from this
project.

All you have to do is sign opposite tlrc name you
clicosc from the list lalnl the person's age, sc\. and
year in srhool are right lhcrr-l and write the lll'xl
letter.

liven if you are an indifferent lctlcr writer. and
write lrolrrc as seldom as possible. this is different.

ll'lly r/oil'l you rerilc lo .\'/'jnnr(rm.‘

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESI'AUIJBHED MAY lDlii
BY THE CLASS OF
llA'l‘lNIl—MALL-AMICIHUAN
ll'clirurrr'y ltl, lilbti No. in
Illrwll'llrlllrrl‘

iDIB

 

V011. XXXIV

.\lr-Iuliel'

.‘\Hr«lrr'|l|lt'rl t'nllr-gl.rtr- l'l’r-xil purllmmll, “mm”
.I'Iro tllrilcl'gl‘rrrlnalc n. \\ .prror ol Ito» Ncrv \orlr .‘ilulr- r‘rd
loge for Ten: to rs. pnorr~lod irnrr l"rlr|.r\ “I H... r~,,||,.u,.
\t'lll' by the \l‘}\\.‘w lloirl-l for the Hillrlriyu ,\..,,,-.,,H,,“
l'lronr'n‘ \\ ill-w, 1' not.) I r- it ‘: ril'xrr, 5.4,,“ “I”, linllml
H o‘Jiﬂ. widow. h :zloLI Meran .-. or lhr saws srrrr‘l' Illlly‘
lro l'i-rll'lrcrl Iur-rulay and \\r Illl' riar lr'urrr '( lo M :u) I, I“

at .'l illlliy

 

VI‘HI'; \l.\\H "HAN"
f'lIHIHJ’Zt' HILTHI'} - ' - -r - ~ » I‘illliltl' In i‘lrlof
lll’iltVAliltl'l I'l‘- l"|tl"|‘.l. ~ ‘ l'rllille Itclilllonn l‘idilor
IHANI‘} N. \Vl‘lliﬂl‘i“ ' -- ~ " v - r > hpnri» l‘lrliior
tlltAt‘l‘: scrsu — -> -- t‘lrculnilou tlrrruruar

.irirurtlsllm allurnuar

lluntueim Manauor

Ferrluro l‘lfiiltlr
l‘ih’t'llttltuo Editor
.\~noetato l‘idlior
Armor-into llirlitor
Anuoeiuto Editor

JOAN It'rtltltt'Jil. - < ~ -
MICHAEL tOli'I'l‘JHi'.‘ - -
ICVICLYN \t‘tilil'ﬂ' -v - - - . . . . _
('I'A‘ICLIA lli\'i"l‘lh"l‘l -- ’ ~ -- - u
thLlHl’l liltl’JVNi'iti -

tilEltAlrlt IH‘VV - ~ I < . .
MARY l"I’JN'I.l‘2L ~ ~ — — u - r .

STATE COLLEGE NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1950

 

egme Realew

 

Eorrorrs No'r}: C’hrlstiaan Lieves-
tro represented the eleven State
Teachers Colleges on one of the
panel discussions which was held
at the Symposium at Buffalo on
January 2‘?“ and 28.

The Convocation of the State Uni-
versity of New York. January 27 and
28, at Buffalo. brought together
many nationally prominent educa-
tors. labor. farm and medical ex-
perts and others well known in pub-
lic life. The opening session of the
conference. entitled “A Symposium
on the Functions of a Modern Uni-
versity.” was held in the main ball-
room of the Hotel Statler. Principal
speakers were President James Bry-
ant Conant of Harvard. Chancellor
Robert Hutchins of the University of
Chicago. and Governor Thomas E.
Dewey.

President Conant stressed the im-
portance of a “single community of
scholars" which he described as an
essential ingredient of airy modern
university. He expressed enthusiasm
for the educational planning of the
trustees of the State University of
New York. pointing out that founda-
tion of two-year colleges  both
the economical and efficient method
of developing in the twentieth cen-

tury the complicated strands of
American education."
Chancellor Hutchins. the most

controversial figure in American ed-
ucation since he became head of
the University of Chicago twenty
years ago. declared in his most
showman-like manner. that univer-
sal f'ree education had promoted the
enslavement rather than the libera-
tion of mankind. In the speculative
realm, today's university is chaotic;
in the practirrrl realm. it is silent.
He described the present as the "age
of digest" and advocated a return
to the spirit. of the University of
Paris in the Middle Ages for a
"genuine communion of minds."

 

By CHRISTIAAN Lllstaqu

Governor Dewey reviewed the his-
tory of the State University and said
the institution would work in coop-
eration with private colleges and
universities. He warned, too, “that
there must be no competition be-
tween them."

Some of the participants on eight
special panels Saturday morning
were: Dr. Howard Hanson. Director
of the Eastman School of Music;
Lyman Bryson of 0.3.5.; Harold
Stassen. President of the University
of Pennsylvania; Robert Moses, New
York City Park Commissioner; Mark
Ellingson, President of Rochester
Institute of Technology: Frank C.
Moore. State Comptroller; Chief
Justice Arthur T. Vanderbilt of New
Jersey, and a number of others. A
paper was delivered in absentia for
cx-Presicint Herbert G. Hoover.

The summary Panel, presided
over by retiring Chancellor Edmund
E. Day of Cornell. was generally
agreed that today‘s universities and
colleges should place more emphasis
on general educationﬂof the type
which will function “closer to the
people'L—ratlier than on specialized
education.

The final session of the confer-
ence was held on Saturday evening
in the modern and very beautiful
Kicinhans Music Hall. Dr. Oliver C.
Carmichael. Chairman of the Board
of Trustees. delivered the opening
address and introduced the principal
speakers.

President. James L. Morrill of the
University of' Minnesota. declared
that this was “the first r-‘al oppor-
tunity in the tuition to test valrres
of regionrrl pirrnnirrg for educational
opportunity. geared to local C(ilii-
munlty needs." President Alvin C.
Enrich of the State Un \r-rsity innin-
lained that the opprtrtunity to go
to college. should :rot be based in a
democratic society upon the ability
to pay t'or it. but on the ability to
profit frorn it.

 

Rivalry Again —

 

no one does anything. Atrd
Sophomore. ’1‘lre freshmen are
criticisms. The Junior rrlrd Scnior
vitally interested in Rivalry.

it brrl

By BILL LYONS ----
Rivalry rrt State is similar to the weather . .

too new

So it.
does every yerrr. to do the talking.

- — Or Yet

 

. everyone talks about.
"everyone," for the most part. is n
tn the college to offer rnrrny
classes rrre too far removed to he
remains for the Sophomores, as it.

And it. seems to follow tirrrt the

Sophomores are the ones who crur do something besides talk. Previous
Sophomore classes ltlth‘ griped rrrrd have mrrde minor changes but. have
fumbled the brill as far us actually improving the basic functions of"

Rivalry.

What are those basic

funci ions?

l"ll'.sll_\'. Rivalry is carried on to bring the new freshmen into the

swing ot' things here at. State.
exists. does (to tlrrrt

but the freshmen who do participate

ll urrry be said that Rivalry. as it. now

tusurrliy re-

t'el'rcd to as n "r'lirrlre"i are the type of persons who would becorrre ac—

tive in the regular carrrprrs organizations anyway.

’l'lre assimilation of

lirosr- students rrrlo the student body would be just as easy without lir—

vnlry.

As frrl‘ as the rron-rrctive freshmen are concerned. llivairy doesn‘t

hold nrry rrrore interest for l.llt'lll than do the crrnrpus orgrrruralrons
Secondly. Rivalry is intended to organize thr- lrr-shnrr-n under clnss

officers.
struulonls rurywny.

ilcrr- agnur. the members who are active in llrrnlry would be
'l‘he frcslnncn clnctions are held too early for the

lrcslunerr to decide who has corrtrrbuled the most to tile clnss nrul who

is lit lor lir- ollrce. Again Rivalry

crrnnol prslrly ltscll

'l‘lurdly. ltrvnlry is supposed to bring the rival classes log-titer so

that the respective members ol each class may r'riilil' lo knou r-nr-h
other ’l‘lrey sure do come to know each otlri-r lint the bug in lln-
lilil'st'lll ls lhrri lnrdcrlyllt“. that rrcrprnrntnnce rs too ollr-n u bitterness
that carries over while bollr classes are In college rrrul oil at urnnrlcsls
rl:.cll among the other classes.

'l‘irere is another polrrl tlrnl is pertinent this year that scents lo lnrlr«

cute a flow In lttvrrlry

Sophomores. lint r-\'.-ry yeur tirrrt

is Irot conditioned ll\ dctcrrl only.

\\'ltul crrlr br- rlorlc'.’
does My own opnuolr r.
I should think that

served as. well it

the above mentioned purposes or
the classes r'oopr-l'ulcd

lrlvcry year the gripes are the same lronr the
nrrpnn'. lrn:.
trrcl llnrl llrc Hoplronror'cs were rlclcatcd lrcslrmr-rr and were
rllscoru'uged nttr-r all their work ol the pre\rou:. ycar
mores wr-rc victorious treslnnr-rr so it

irlll'llilllr'tl lo the
naturally
'l‘lllir \l‘ill".‘\ Hopier
:a'r‘liltll yr-nr lil'tpliil:

licr'll

appears tlrrrt

i don't know the rrrr:.wr-r and l rlorrbt 1| nuyorr
that Rivalry -.lrouid l):‘ \\l|)crl oil the .‘rllllv

ltrvnlry could lir-

rntlu-r llrrrn competed 'l‘hc

ireshnrcu will "come into" the :dlllll'lil body through llic t‘llilllilli. orgnnr

lelltillh in. \\'cll 'l.‘t. or lir-tlcl' llllttr.
clnrlilr' llrr‘ r'ln:..-.e:.
do nrrrclr to crrl

bcr-r :rl'l' now dcrolnrn lo,

 

what i

cooperation could conu- tlo'orllrlr u rourl produclur
powrbly some krrrd o1 a "liar" m llrr- lull

to know each ollrl'l
down on tile nrnorrrrt ot

llll‘rtttt'it Itivrrlry (‘oopernllon will
in a Irrendlv \rrry lrtrrl it would
tune the pnrttclpnllnr', nrctrr

lcr'l. r-. .r cut lhronl lil\ull'y :inch

in the apron: and or

'l‘lrc l.rllr'l‘ r‘rillltl lit' 'rlllillrll

to t‘nnrprlir lirry litIl oil it lall'cl' ur'ulr' and not lIr\IJl\‘ilu' so nruclr i'lll.‘u.'\

t'Illlr'l/r'
lrn'l'ilit'l.

compclrtron Home will
groups can't be thrown
cnrrr.nn: lrrctron 'I‘lrat is

that tile pre:.cnl Sophomores could

llrl‘t
llllll
lttlc lo ‘ttillll' t‘\ll‘lll ll ti.

lirrrt luo
toticllrcl‘. \yrllroul
tilll' ril Illt' Illlllll-‘i
l'o:.:.rb|v a hunt produc-

:rlrrl \\‘lll may
uork

proposal
lrrlll to

Work out

ltorr could be drrcclcd and led by the Hriplrottlol‘ch. llllll/illl'. the abilities

and talents ot the freshmen

errrl. l have set down by no means guarantees to :.ol\‘r' the problem
it nothing ell-e, llre Sophomores corrld start the bull l‘ollllu', by lhrdtrrr'.

out what other schools do

rrt it.
will

lurve to be tried out

for "buying"
Unless someone hits the Irrrii right on the button. n tcw schemes
over a period of years

rrrut lrow :.ucce.~.:.lrrl tin-y rrre

(‘hnnnnrg rr ponrt

rlfonliiulerl on l'ur/c 1,, t‘ofninir l/I

Gammon-51a!“

By EADE and SCHULTZE

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE Cormac-
News.

 

 

It's back to the old grind again. Just think, only
seven weeks till we start home for Spring Recess,
commonly known as “Thank goodness it‘s over for
another two weeks.”

This has been a period of questioning for both stu-
dents and faculty—ask Mr. and Mrs. Carrino.

THIS SEMESTER. PROMISES . . .

A bigger and better State Fair under Georgie Ma-
giness’ planning . . . have to go quite a bit to beat
Donnelly's and Jones" extravaganzas.

Bigger and better rushing. Minerva’s had a lot of
company these noontimes and mailboxes have become
more crowded. Only two weeks and everything
will be back to normal—lonely males will have their
partners back for dancing at noontimes.

Bigger and better budgets. By the way, it's time for
organizations to start planning their budgets for Stu-
dent Board of Finance hearings.

Bigger and better basketball scoreswwe hope.

GREETINGS . . .
. . to all the transfer students. Make yourself at
home and get used to that good old SCT spirit.

BY THE SKIN OF THEIR TEETH . . .

KDR almost had a house. but you know how things
are: it just didn’t pan out. We hope you find another
soon. A frat without a house is like a beer without.
a head.

FACE LIFTING . . .

Student Council has approved the purchase of ad-
ditional furniture for our Commons and Cafeteria
with the Big—4 moneys. This includes some square
card tables to keep llre long ones clear for stlrdyilrg.

(lRll’ICS . . .
Where is the Book Exchange for second semester . . .
Why were those nrcrr from CASDA allowed the rise
of two big rooms in Pierce Hall on the Wednesday
before exams, a (lay reserved for peaceful studying.
Could be this is more important than preparing for
film s.

A WORD TO THE WISE . . .

As a punishment for having their in their houses
after hour's on the night before Christmas vacation,
BZ. KL). and Psi (.illiii gals had regular weekday hours
on January iii and 14. It‘s a shame that thr- girls
had to trike thr- prttrislrnrcrrl. for it. but it. might serve
as a wnrrriug to all involved directly or indirectly on
future occasions.

LOOKING AROUND S'I‘A’l‘l'l . . .

We see that liill Lyons was the first. student to srgn
orrl. books from the Library this semester. brrl accord-
ing to the reliable source of this bit of news. it was
to tlrrislr last semester‘s work.

How did you like the rrL-w way second semester reg—
istration was carried on? Rrrtlrer cltlclr-nl and for
once. tirerc was none of the usual "rat race."

Did you see that Dr. llrrlplr licrrvcr's son rs one of
‘10 finalists in (tE’s Science 'i‘alent ilrurl'.’ 'l'hnt nrr'alrl.
rr trip to Waslrirrglorr rrrrd n crack at a tour yr-nr
scholarship.

We dislike the usual type of assembly us much n:-.
the next person. but how about looking rrrlo lire pos~
sibility of having Dr. Herbert .1, Phillips :-.])l':ll( to us
sometime. A Communist professor, recently (learn-med
from the University of Wrrslunglou t‘ncrrty, he is now
on n speaking tour of this country.

Hay, wiry lnrsrr't Myskanin gotten on Ilia ball and
crrt rlown on the number ol rehearsals rclrcdulr-rl tor
the llig—l by 'aii and '53:!2’ 'l'lresc pr-ople can‘t keep up
both ends studies and class :lt'li\'lll.‘.‘s. A balancing
of both is in order.

 

College Calendar — - -

 

l"lillli\ Y, I'l‘lliltl'AitY It)

:l.‘.lli pnr th‘lt‘ iirble Htudv on llrr' (irr‘|it‘l or in
John. ltoour 1th

-| pnr lorrnucrcr- (‘lnb lioulnnz. flu-c“. Alli-y.

7 lift pnr llllld‘h lcnvc buck door of lirapcr' lru' :llr:~

nnr 1.:unbrin Sigma Ir'rrslr l’.rr‘ly

HA'l‘l'ilDAt’. l-‘l'lliIlI'AlH’ II

it ill) p.nr Debate with \V.:.t l'rrlllt at

it lid prrr l’rcr'cr- llrrll (ipcrr llou:.r-

it all put. Knppn licllrr Itlro Hush l’nrlr In the t'onr
rnons

\'\'r-'.t I'ornt

.s'l’NDAi’. r'I-Iltltl'Alti' If:
7 pm Illnr'tlhmtrrll on l\‘lr'r'c\ Krilrn~~ :ri Ilrllcl ll.rll.
Washington /\\’r'lrttr' rhino-opul-

;\ltiN'I'ir\\'.
It lel p In

Ill-Zillil'AIH' til
tulcnlrrllou l’ror'rarn lor'
.‘irrl‘ru'lllr's. Aurlrlornnn
lv'l-thltI‘AlH’ ll
('lll’iolllllr l’ir'lr'trrri
lititrlll lll

Kappa Phi Kappa Meeting.(‘ollcrre l.ouru:c

\t’lCliNIIIHDrH‘. FEBRUARY 15
11'. Noon lir t‘ollurs lo sperrk on "l'llincnllolr nod
t‘ln'rsttrrrruy” rrt (limpet, lirulurnrn (‘Irnrch

'I‘lillIlHD/H'. l"l‘1llll.lI/\lt\’ III
11! Norur Hturrrt Mcl‘l‘illiull to give speech r-rrlrllr-d
"Spy." iloonr Llii

lllrvt‘tlh.‘ itrll rrl

'i'l'l'ISDAY.

'l‘iltl p Ill (manor/ht ron l\lr-clun'..

ll pin.

.e-ru.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1950

not '1

 

 

War» 4400

By DEE WEBBER __

The Sophomores pulled ahead of
the fresh in rivalry this year, for
the first time. when they garnered
three points to ‘53's one in the lat-
est sports events.

 

 

Rivalry ping pong saw the Sophs
make a clean sweep. Elaine Blessing
beat Martha Nevlezer in the first
singles match. Anna Apostolides and
Elizabeth Conklin defeated Janela
Sabine and Betty Coykendail in a
doubles game which swept the girls‘
match.

In the Rivalry bowling matches
’52's girls repeated their action of
last year and downed their oppon-
ents. iteta White '52. had the high
scores for the day with 160 and 161,
while Evelyn Rrrdeshein chipped in
with a second game 167, for high
single, following a 141. For the
frosh, Mendoza rolled 149- 132 to
top her team.

The Sophomore men also added
to the win coiurnrr with their two
out. of three ping pong win; but
the frosh men took their bowling
match.

 

Suspenders Beot Potter,-
Break Four-Year Streak

The week before finals saw
the end of a record that started
way back when lr‘raiernities re-
turned to State after the war.
With their return the Intra-
mural league took on new life
and l’otter (‘lub dominated all
the sports. They lost their first
softball game two years ago and
this year their basketball streak
came to an end. The Suspenders
edged out a till-38 victory as
Dave Lcnnick and lid Matthews
matched baskets. Lennick ended
up with 16, Matthews with M.
Although he wasn‘t near the
high scorer with total points,
l’icree ltlr-(irath's ball-hamllinr,r
was the deciding issue. He also
scored seven points. The big
difference between the learns
can be shown in the divided
scoring of the wimrrs. Three
men scored all but five of the
losers' points while the Sus-
penders counts were evenly di—
vided.

 

WAA IM Leagues
Start Action Tomorrow

\V.\:\'u basketball league was
scheduled tr r'cl rnrdcr \vrry rr‘nrnr
on \\'r'.lncnll;l_\ but Milne lliglr had
a name iii Page. postponing rualclrcs
beluccn t‘ratnunr ls'rrp :rtul Hrryles.
l'lclr'l‘ nrrd l’nr (lam, KI) and tire
lirrllllrt'lit :r.rrl lln- irr-ll—owr': :rltrl
Nl‘AlllJll 'llrew l',;lilrl'.\ will be re-
:-lrc.trrlcd .n l"r'l)ln:ri'_\'.

'I'ourorrou. :.l.rrlurv.-, at it). ac—
tion will be r'csunn'rl H:r\lcs will
nrccl r In Hr . 152’. will pl.r\ lln- litu-
blc l'IIl‘. l'lr‘. lii'lt :rrrrl lr'r'cr- plr'
111 ll ill lxrpa llr'llll .r".rltr‘t l"l
ii.r‘|l .rnl lrrnrll'. Al\‘l;:llll‘.l «teatr
urrrr‘ "ir‘cil. .rr l,rl:r-r"r \\'lll dc—
lr-rri llu'n' unbeaten l‘r'r'ril'tl .rt'ulll‘l
I-'rn;n-, l\ioor «we tirrlrk llltll':» (tame
Itoonr '~])l'lll‘ll hr 'l-‘.\\:r!'ll"

‘.\"\r\ Iloului- ll';l'iil‘ .rl‘o rc-
‘nrnc action .tlcr c‘-.:rnc on lr‘clr
rrr.rr\ i-ltlr 'ilrr- ii I rrcr circlulr-d
llll‘rrll'lt ‘.\l:rIclr .‘llllr with the ex

r‘r-plzon of ‘l'\l'i.ll po~ l; iillt'rl irr.rtr'lr
rm llll to be plarcrl oil

 

til'i'lll  Mid-fill?

'l'lll‘i (‘t il .l .I-i( il'I .ll".\\'l‘il .Itlli

ltiIl (‘entral Aye.

 

Billliiilllillll

l9ii~iitltl (lI'IN'I'ItAI. A \'I'il\‘lll'l

 

I'IIONE ﬁ-llllS

“Ml‘lltl'l‘ AN'I) lllA'l‘ A'l‘ 'I‘lll‘l HOIII."

Statesman Upset i/vi Bowling Lead Peas Resumg Schedule

On Road Trip Tonight

Druggists Twice;
Retain Second

The Varsity bowling squad prac-
tically had three games in the buc-
ket Wednesday night at the Play-
diurn when the Pharmacy represent-
atives suddenly caught fire in the
closing frames of the third game to
overpowor them by a margin of
thirty—eight pins. But. nevertheless.
the statesmen had already tucked
away two games in the win coiurnn
by annexing the opening pair by
wide margins.

Although the Teachers racked up
two wins. the individual totals were
far from impressive. No member of
the squad registered a 500 total or
better; 200 singles were also conspic-
uous by their absence. Lyle Walsh
came the nearest to approaching
the charmed circle of five hundred-
ites with a triple of 482. His 482 was
almost thatched by Don Burt's 477.
Both men had two commendable
games. but slipped badly in their
third attempt. Walsh‘s 185 was good
for high single on both tennis.
Jim Jiusto came through with a ‘llill.

At the completion of Wednesday
night's activity .thc Sierra Indians
cotnirure to lead the flock by three
games. Although the lads from Lorr-
donville dropped two games to ABC
- one by a mere one pirr they held
their first place advantage. RPI took
three games from erw by forfeit to
keep well in the race. The Indians
and the Engineers each have post-
poned matches to roll off with the
Law School five. In fact. the RPI
keglers have two matches to re-
schedule. It will be necessary for
lhern to win four out, of six games
to by-pass the Teachers.

During the exam period .thc
’l‘cachers rolled three matches cap-
turing five out of nine games. After
sweeping lirree from Rl’l. the locrrls
dropped three to ABC and followed

111) by taking two from Law.
Don McDonald lurs been suic—
lined with illnrss. but. the learn

hopes to have him brick in the litre-
rrp by next week. The opposition will

be Su'nrr.

I’llAllMACY l 2 3 Tot.
Mllllll'l' 126 139 135 400
Sweet . Nil 129 154 ~lill
Monk Nil Nil
Adsit . . . 132 171 i7-l A177
Abbott . .. 1513 HF) 1611 465
Ilarrck . .. 138 177 iil.’

'l‘oluls . . . (fill 722 tltiil 1324-1

S'I'A'l'lu' l 3 1i 'l‘ol.
\Valslr . . ltiLl lilfi lib ~lti2
laerrnna liH Hit 171 ‘lDli
.lruslo llitl 155 151i ~ltltl
llr‘llo I'lll ltill lb'i iliib
liurl 131 17:") 171 477

’l‘olnls 77'? 771 77H 21lllt

Use Camp Johnston ll

iiurrng examination per'rod scvcrrrl
In “tubers oi WAA traveled to (‘hrrl-
hunt to put (‘nmp .lolnrstou well or
olrlr'r Hltrtr' lras Ilol llst‘rl lllr' \VAA
camp at rrll tlrrs ycrrr and students
are r'r-nurrrlerl tlnrt the camp is there
[or lln-rr use on any \\'cr'l{:'|rrl. Sign
up \\I|lr the \VAA member in charge.

 

 
   

5m] Micro the Flower: 670"l

l'lor'isl tk' til'eenlloltse
('orner of
ON'I'AIHO it IiI‘INHON
DIAI. 4-1125
t'ollt‘g‘c lt‘lru'lsl for Years
Hpcclnl Attention to
Holiu'lllcit rrrrd lI‘rrrteruitles

 

 

CliFETEIIIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

Fails To Potter,-
EEPs Set SL3

As a result of action in the Intra-
mural Bowling League, tEotter took
over first place with a 17 won. 1
lost record. SLS stands in second
place with a 13-2 record. In third
place are the EEP's with a 15-3
record.

In the action on January 12th at
l'.lce's Recreation Center the Gy-
1anders downed the Fearless Five
3-0. Potter goo:.e-egged the Beavers
and the L.r.ugh:lrops downed the

Commuters 3 game to 0. KB won
over the Faculty via the forfeit
rule. The EEP‘s downed SLS 2

games to 1 and the Finks downed
KDR in the same manner.

Warrel rolled the high triple
game of the week with a 528 total.
In second place was Bob Eich with
522 while Jiusto and Sinkeidarn had
512 and 506 scores respectively.
War-rel hit the maples for the high
single of 204. Tom Sinkeldarn was
close behind with a 191 total.

(in January 19th. at Rice's Rec-
reation Center, Potter downed the
Forks 3 game to U. SLS slammed
the Commuters 3-0 while the
Coughdrops defeated the Beavers
in the same far.hion. KB edged out
the Fearless Five to win their three
matches while the EEP's salvaged
two of their three games with the
(‘rylanders and KDR won via the
forleit route from the Faculty.

Jirn .liusto rolled the hiin triple
for the day with a 548 score. In sec-
ond plrree was Rider with a 531 to-
tal. Jiusto smnihed the maples for
high single games of 204 and 200.

Averages of lirrce leading bowlers:

 

 

 
  

.liusio .................................. .. 175
Clark 166
Davey 163
Team Standings

Team W L
Toltt‘l‘ ,. ..   l7 1
H18 .. .,  .. . .  13 2
1*”th 15 3
(iylandcrs 13 5
KHR     9 9
Coughdrops .. ,. .. 9 9
Firms . . . 7 ll
l"carles\. Five 7 li
llerrvcrs ,. . ii 112
K13 , , . .. . (S L’
it‘nculty . . . 4 it
Commuters .......... ., 2 iii

Attention Ping-Pongersl

A Table 'l'enuis ’l‘ournameut. will
be held later this rnorrlh. All may
enter. ’i‘ircre is no entry fee. A sign-
up list can be found on the brriclirr
board near the men's locker. Entries
close lt‘cbrrrury til. Singles will be
played off first with llre doubles
tournament coming later.

So hurry up kids. and sign up“
_\rill may be the new clnrrrrp

VALENTINE’S lillY
Gill Suggestion

 

 

Compact: 52!

’PW

Slate titllcgc ﬁrm-op.
Tel. 4-6419

 

 

 

This weekend the Pedagogues will
travel to Connecticut as they start
the second half of the basketball
season. They will play Willimantlc
and New Haven. Good new is that
Captain Linc Marzello will be back
in the line-up.

This will be the first meeting be-
tween New Haven and State this
year. Last year State upset New
Haven 67-63; Sy Fersh led the Feds
with 34 points. Whitebread was
high scorer for the losers with 2'7.

State dropped the first game this
year against Willimantic by one
point, 71~70. Kaminski. who took

scoring honors. with 29, sank a foul
shot with one rnimrte left to give
the game to Willimantic. LaVallee
and Lamb scored 13 and 12 points
respectively. The game was won on
the foul line as State was outscored
17 to 8 from the free throw line.
Marzeilo led State with 15 but was
only one point ahead of Coles and
Warden, each scoring 14.

State Drops ’l‘ough Ones

The Varsity dropped two games
before finals, one to New Faitz and
one to Oneonta. The first by the
score of 56—51. It was one of the
worst games State has playcd. The
first field goal was scored after ten
minutes and thirty seconds of play—
ing had elapsed. The half time score
was 27-19 in favor of the victors.
Ted Bayer sparked the team as the
game got under way in the second
half but poor defense gave New
Paltz an opportunity to recounter.
and they did. It was Miller's 11
points in the second half that stop-
ped State. Jackson's ball handling
and scoring was too much for the

Peels in the first half. Bayer was
high scorer for state with 15.
Oneonta Extends Streak

Against Oneonta state it was the
foul shooting that once again sent
the Feds down to defeat. Oneonta
was outscored from the field by
three field goals but they scored
20 fouls to State’s 6. The victors
were behind for most of the game
but, as has happened before, State
couldn’t do anything right as the
game went into the last 'minutes.
The scoring on both sides was even-
ly distributed. No one on State hit
double figures.

State led at one time in the third
quarter by a margin of 11 points.
Then it happened. Foul after foul
was called on State for the slight-
est infraction until at the game's
end. a total of 32 fouls had been
called on State. Coles went out of
the game with 5 fouls in the last
quarter while Tabor, Jacoby and
Brown finished the game with 4
personals apiece. One reason for so
large a number of fouls is that in
the last few minutes of the game,
and State trailing, the only thing
that State could do was to try to
gain possession of the ball so that
they could score.

The defeat was by no means a
disgrace to State for more than one
fan was heard to remark. "If State
was given half a break. they would
have won going away." This win for
Oneonta kept them in the uncle-
feated class.

Drre to an injury sustained by Bob
Jacoby. Mike Owens will travel with
the team to Connecticut.

The Jayvce is inactive this week-
end brrt will play the preliminary
game on February 18th when the
Varsity meets Oneonta..

 

 

Ellie (ilnlgate maroon

 

\‘d. uni

    

Human Relations Speaker

"ill Arlrlw-n ' "

   
 
 

  

 

«to it) PM oi!

"Coke"

“[0 U5 PAI \ltt

(dull Idi'r—I). mm. H I. It v' .n '-.- ﬂ, . '.r' n .
Bu"the,UNPaleuiue/licdiator, Inspection SeIIlew Hospital [5 Planned
l‘""""“" I” For Community; Colgate

u- ' Mill 0‘ Ar" Ind lllnntI) In
W

 

 

  

. r
n"' | Conn-"Illa Fu'l'hlnt «Tunic.-

r In

Cal/rim.) Stu/u, uullltlfull, N, Y.

.r‘lrk for i! cil/rcr retry . . . boll:
traJc-nmrl': mam Ila- .mme I/rii/g.

5¢

In Hamilton. New York. the. favorite gathering
b‘pol of students at Colgate l'niversity is the
(lttllllillh Store lit-cause it is a cheerful place—-
frrll of friendly collegiate atmosphere. And
when the gang gathers around, ice-cold
(irri‘tlllolrl gets the call. For here, as in college

haunts every where.

r Coke. [at/rings.

BOIIIID UNDER AUTHORITY OF Il'ib COCA»COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA BO’I‘TLING C0.

(3) WW, The CotovColn Company

girls;

.u...r..:1:~.<..,s«. “cumuas.

 

