  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
  
    

 

MOI I our: conga: ulwe. FRIDAY. DICIMIIR ie. 1930

 

Sold sum - . .

College administrators of the country, affiliated
with the American Association of Colleges and
Universities, took a stand on Universal Military

Women, :4 fed spec!“

I contend man has made a mis- to a frustrating extent.
take, the extent of which cannot be ed women to be inferior t

 

 

Training last week, when 23 of the 37 members measurem m educating women m comd only be placed on a par with les,

ado ted a resolution unanimousl . This resolution . 1 al
p y American colleges with the same man as a result of his educat on WE JUST CHECKED
All the bulletin boards and found out that Christ-

offered the plan of having every male, in any Way curriculum to which he himself is design. Neither of my two refer-
strong enough

fit to serve the country, complete a training pro- exposed. As a result, women have ences, then, are
been relentlessly closing all social alone to support my case. They do

grém “9d? the governanent: M?" woﬁldhundfrg? and economic gaps existing between serve as cores from which a more that 15) -i-t, will

this training upon gra “ﬁlm” mm ‘8 Sc 00’ the sexes. Is this so wrong? No. not feasible outlook can evolve. 9‘me - - - S *1

prov1ded they should be eighteen years old at that in itself, but when the duties and My own conclusions are m a de_ r; ergiace
responsibilities normally ascribed to velopmehtal stage themselves, but Y - -

time.
, . . . womankind o lackin , it becomes om form. I
In the resolution, leading college administrators necessary that steps lie taken they have taken on S e

stated their purpose, which recognizes the necessi-

My Viewpomt' though' merely our existing colleges, whOse sole aim

t of a well armed nation for the “prevention of
y serves as an interesting core of it is to provide for womankind an MILNE DISMISSAL

global war.” They explain that this planlwould speculative discussion and nothing
cause military training to interfere less With the more. I like females! Education m that ﬁeld Of endeavor

gem-31d»

By GOBSKIE and KYLE

-8tater is given the with latitude as
umn, although his viewpoints do
fleet those of the STAT! Commo-

—_——-—

The Comm
He believ- author of this col
0 man and not necessarily re

 

 

mas is right around the corner (on State and Pearl,
. now that’s good new if ever we heard
lly restful to have a week or two
on earth and good will toward men” once
. sort of like a second “Brotherhood Week"

. . how about filling up the barrels for the Smiles’

. children . .
maintain that a distinct curriculum if you havenm got the time' make it I

Show be mmpmted 1“ many 0f the best gift you give this Christmas.

. and going to the party this Sunday . . .

. . it will be

The item on Richardson last week was slightly in-

My reasons most natural and inherent in her accurate . .

. on checking we found that Milne stu-

private lives of those servitég. h f 11 i2: “:lgk‘z‘gatugﬁg‘ r0512”; tgé’ﬂogll: sex. Fotrhwomlen tothnaivaerlry sggivglgg dents may be excused at 11:02 at the 1atest . , , as
This would affect State one e in t at next a . prove i emse V85 8 S 9 it is they have only twenty-five minutes for lunch
g maker and mome" When properly when their efforts COUld be “men . . . guess we can afford a little discomfort if that's

all freshmen men would be under the age of 18, played by the female, can be an as- more proﬁtably expended proving the case , , , if the instructions on the little pink slips

and that upperclassmen wou
they had completed their undergraduate work. A
certain percentage of the men who would have
ordinarily entered State College, would be eligible

, . . ~ centur when he s oke of the order
after one year 5 training to apply for further train- of they universe “ll’hich should not

in this day and age.
Alexander Po e ex ressed m
p p y well conclude that women are ash-

mother and can only consider them-

In guns .

Id be deferred until Set to man's Well'bemg' especmlly that, as a distinct seX. their “>10 is which Campus Commission has posted in Richardson
just as important as man’s. defies were followed, conditions in the halls would be even
all logic. As it is now, one could very more improved.

ti et' 'kil th ihe th

sen m n 5 bac ‘ e e g t en amed of the role of homemaker and is YOU ARE INTERESTED

. . and still like to play “cops and robbers
selves a success when they have suc- . . . it might be wise to investigate the civil service

in . This trainin would lead to officer’s com- be trans ressed_p1ckih u a mus
g g g g D P cessfully competed in the man's jobs for prison guards . . . don’t shoot, we give up.

pen. I could refer to the Biblical
account of God's commanding wo- world‘
man just what position she should Space will only allot the answer-

missions and qualification to serve the country in
professions and trades.
In presenting this pl
country have admitted
' ' . is to trans- _
the Umtedl Stages m mailevfdecmtl-e to this. I could refer to Mr. Daniel I feel that the home is fast losing
form ourse ves into a uni arisic na ion. _ . ‘ Dem“ “Education of Women" as
To agree or disagree “nth this Plan and 'ts'm‘Pll' a point in fact. Mr. DeFoe, an en- ture. Belie
cations is a question of judging it according to
ideals and beliefs or practicalities. Theoretically,

that the practical way for bearer, but I am not so naive in my that has presumably arisen; what

ving this position vital to

century,
concerning women's education. in

A NICE XMAS PRESENT

Will be in store for Campus Chest if enough people

an, the intellectuals of the mke h, the order of things—child- ing of one of the many questions get out to

see the Junior Revue, “Here's New York"

. a lot of work has been put into it, so give it a

views as to foster strict adherence provoked the idea in the first 1315109? fling

lightened writer of the eighteenth the preservation of an orderly ex— the bone . .
crystallized his attitudes istence of mankind on the error. I late . .
can only conceive of chaos and self— other.

its position as the basic unit of 0111— WE’RE DISILLUSIONED

Came to school Monday . . .
. and wha' hoppen? . .
. just one li'l ole’ disappointment after an—

cold and chilled to
. no hot choco-

Of State are  their talents On second-

tWG years—45 lnCOHSiStent With every Word 0f 0"“ men. Here they could pursue courses way completely. The basis of it all
democratic philosophy. However, looking at the ter- more related to their sex and dc- I do not attribute to women but

ernment leaders are already thinking in terms .0 ed rigorous restrictions on the other I believe that a cultural emphasis
millions in a Standan army. In terms 0f RUSS‘av facets of their lives with which I on the part that women should play
they tell us that force is our only weapon. clélsagree. dHe set1 dtown a1 code (tit in) rglattlirilm ttohmaﬁ'ghroﬁivésmigitagat’:
1. . ' . eicsan moras oo anaogous ocma g e ‘

how our (Educatorvs h-(we decuied tha-t we cfm no a convent life to be practically ap- and other factors pointing up the
longer hope that UN w'” "lake some km“ 0f.“gr.ee' plied, and he scrutinized their so- disintegration of the home. This is
ment or rather mutual toleration. The publication Cm intercourse with the male world my answer to the problem

evidences that to make sure of education of a cer-
tain group they have officially handed the re-
sponsibility of training leaders in war over to the

government. I
The most discouraging part of this resolution is

that educators, tlic people who construct, inspire
and direct have admitted defeat. Our government The inftimagy of ourd particular real talentt.Dyy€‘dfiik3 1to see Saigon
' - ~ _-(,me Sort of 1 milimr train- college 11 e a ccts our rama very more 0 i. 1.0 01 cm an ——
Wm m) (Ilium  Of ,mv Smgement 0):,“ haS strongly on its personal side. .And thougdfor different reasons. We
mg pml""”“,.”‘h‘l " ‘ r ‘ . ‘ .‘ so this column often devotes itself also enjoyed watching Walt Schnei-
been “"“lc- “‘0 WSW“ “(ll/“cued by this group ‘5 largely to the worth of the perfor- lcr shake Schneiler like a pillow and
more efficient in planning broken lives, wars and matrices in our A.D.t'pla};’s. Bututlo-t shark: speéu- like eg imaldngan.l (Alli
;' ' _' 0 the federal overnment in day it seems imperaive 0.5ay a rig so was a o . u.w10eve
",']"_.“".‘“E‘l.t“:l""T “it the moral ﬁfe“ seems to Pat Graff's choice of’ play is one we heard of Wm. Shakefml (1564-
t “r .m“ l H mm: . . ’ should all be grateful for. It pro- 1616)!) Martha DOWDEY. a lady with
outweigh the cfficmncy. In times of war, destruc- vided one of the most thought-pro- a way about her on the stage. drew
lion, and gcncrul lcrror we look to these men for in— voking production? vvy; have ever inuch tdeservling ippéiijuse wri‘th hgr
. ' - ' .v i 1 ' z ( he mantenance of seen in Page Ha . 6 were varl- e_egan y vu gar or "om, e ev -
hplrdtmﬂ" mp1 m,H,Hm  th th ‘ - ,1 ously touched, amused and troubled. hings most subtle numor. John
some kind of reason. . t‘oug ere is a ways a Pantomime and fantasy are ex_ Lmdberg Often seemed to read his
point where theory and ideals are limited, the namely difficult to realize e360- hheS as if he were merely quot-mg.

American Association of Universities and Colleges tively. Oddly enough, that is where some of the Shakespeare he'd once
this performance excelled—especi- memorized for his own reasons. It's

has offered a plan which is dishea'rtghing. The any toward the end. For instance. a shame his many stage virtues are
plan does benefit the lives of those Wis ing to enter Anne_Marie.S compulsions to mimic weakened by this kind of unnatural
college in the next few years and those already me hmpihg steps of her ancient be. naturalness.
here. It also condones, by the very fact of this ti-othed and the symbolism of the By M w x, i ed L r
t ' , .  ' clock being stopped by the young 18 i1.’.IWC m55 a se or
publication, Wrir and militarism. lover and being. Started again by the the Play—possibly because of the
aging. aums came across very force— striking one we had in the first of-
ably. So did the repetition by the [Cl‘mg- It Siva-5‘ ﬂ BOOCl ChalnceahOW-
old man of the identical words of ever to 0 SEI‘VG one of tie liter-
   10ve which had been so moving in enccs between the modern and the
the mouth of the youthful hunter. EhZﬂbNhﬂn Singe- Alltl (lid you 110-
Tms hitter must be a tribute to ticc that Bob Donnelly is responsi-
the play's best actor. Bob Sanders bio for pointing up that difference?
spoke of his love so convincingly
RATING—ALL'AMERICAN that we could not loathe the char-
December 15, 1950 No, 12 actcr he was playing. Louis Vion re—
1,,,,,,.h,,,.,,r vealed an appealing boyishncss we'd £2 It 
i‘olli-uliiln him-st not suspected he possessed in his
repertoire. It is the ladies of the

0m ’4 am

 

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF lBIB

 

 

VOL. XXXV

Nil-rulwr
Asunclnmd f‘olloglnto I'I'l‘ﬂd

 

’l‘lio undi-rgrndnnlo lli‘Wlellll-l' or iln- New York Slum (‘ol-
logo for 'l‘i-acln-rs: Illlllllrilll'llrt'Vl‘l‘); l-‘ridnf' of l‘llll (,‘illl‘l'gt' play who were not genuinely con. .9“  
‘t-ilr by Hi“ NEWS lionril or lll' Sinioui . Mancini on. ,- . . ~ ,
idiom-s: ivmmi. sum-J; won't, all «ma; Milk. n-irui, .ucm mem'ggMF‘gFWn Manon? despm
iiier of file NEWS rilnl’l' lllli) ln- I'I'lli'lli'll 'l'uvuilny iiiiil hel glel hilllv heemed mud" young'
wvillll'Nilliy from 7 in ii::io p m in :io-ior, er than her sister. Nor did Mary _
_ ‘ _ _ _ A poll was taken in assembly lust

- icnitnr-Iu-(‘Iuei Beth Johnson get away with the I , I
dour-t- uH'Hi'l‘Z - - (‘o-Miuiuglng Editor I4h-hhh 85pm.“ of her Character ah gtcccl:i by Lthe CeilltL‘l for Community
GEIAI.“ in \x - - - - — - - i-u-iiuniminu E‘dltur , . . . u cs '0 sec iow many students
EVEI.‘ \ \ltilJ-‘I'Z - I - - Public Relations Ed'ior though the} wele “eqm’nuy funny' w,” rum) any ‘1 C ‘L
"Alum nil.“ - A - . - . - . - spur... innit" Ann Columbc apparently lacks the NW», Pt} iu h. H Omlllum y
ram. iiii'iinAN . ~ - - - Hollinr Hpurtu Menthol experience it takes to make the ‘lLLlYlW-‘l- DT- Wllll‘lm E~ Vl‘tkL‘lY.
anvaiiu iu'iliain (‘Iroulltlon Manny-r pmmect of horror as real as the Professor of. Inter—Cultural Educa-

tion and Director of the Center,

JANE f'iHHi - - — — - - Advertising Manager ‘ ‘
. v )rcscnce of llOI‘lOl.
Joan H N any - - a — - -- x - llualneau Manage! 1 Spoke_ expmmmg the DO“.

CEf‘RIJA lli\'l"l‘lf~l'l'l v A < Exchange Edltul ' . . .
NOMINE (‘ARUILL - r - — — — - Associate Editor Fol the hetloml D1in 01 the eve‘ 7 I
vu‘TouIA mum - - — » - - - Associate Editor ning, let's revert to form. There may The Debate Council motion pre-
“uM‘l'i “HT” ' ' ' ‘ ' ' ' ' AWWW“ WW" be some who feel the slapstick was tented by Thomas Godwurd ’51.
overdone, but ’twould be ltll errant President, was brought up again and

knuve who‘d find much fault with passed by Student Association. De—

IABY' FENZIM.

 

All i'oiiiliiIinil‘nlioln alioiilil luv lllllll'l'riril'il lo llll‘ i‘llllill‘ nliil .

muui ln- hlillll'll Mum-s- will ln- willilwlil upon mun-s: the players. Evory time Eurl Sipe bate Council, therefore, received a

I'm... s'liisl'rt: i‘iil.l.l".illl'3iNl‘HVH ilmmum-n lio i‘u~8l""',“”’l“‘.“ opened his mouth to utter some $450 increase in funds to carry out

lil‘ up It i'llh i'X||l'4'HM'i II llh‘ i'll llllillli ol‘ ('illllllllililf’ﬂlltIllH ‘ i ‘ . . . . ‘

as Much i-xprienuion,‘ in. n... .,..,.,,,m,,,.hy MW, m “hw‘ new unintelligibility, every time he its program. Godwaid pomted out
registered an emotion (that must that this increased amount was

be what they were), he had his au- needed because the Debate Team
dience in not-so-mild hysterlcs. He was participating in more activities
was so funny we think it must be this year.

 

awn-9

 

 

. floor Draper now . .
r - . ' . - 1 0V. velop into noble specimens of their rather to our cultural pattein and .
“lymg e5139mm“? Of a W‘” not {We years CO d’ g species. However, Mr. DeFoe clamp- our emphasis on a competing spirit. ﬂgﬁétgilgdittglﬁ :pplc . .

. take a peek at them . . . then
. if it‘s good enough. you

SHADES OF OLD VASSAR.
A blazer company has offered to sell jackets to
students who have a little extra spending money . . .

girls only need a
twenty-seven . .

. O

bout nineteen dollars and boys about
f course. they have an extra pocket

so when you leave school, you can take the emblem
off and have a sports jacket . . . the problem is . . .

what color will the jackets be? .

. . purple, with yel-

low binding; or yellow with purple binding . . . any-
way here’s our chance to be clubby.

A NEW IMPETUS

To rivalry should be last Wednesday’s volley ball

game .

. . since the Sophs made a clean sweep in the

game and the cheering points, the score is now nar-
rowed to 10-12 in favor of the Frosh, making for a

keener competition.

DON'T KNOW
Why anyone should want to eat in the locker

rooms .
parently. they do . . .
Commission,
gulping do

. it can't be much fun . . .

to ulcers.

PUBLICITY WISE

. . they’re so crowded and dismal . . but ap—

come fall, spring, or Campus

these people just can‘t seem to resist

wn a sandwich before their next class

and it'll only lead

State has certainly become more and more spot—

light and public eye conscious this year .
all over the place . . .

. . posters
to say nothing of the many

radio programs we’re sending out . . . Don Ely‘s “Cani-

the week . . .

. . Forum on “Crusade for Demo-
aild Radio Council's “Tunin’ in the
. . . the “Town's” latest stunt is the tune of
each week State students choose their

favorite song and it is played on the program . . .
now all we need is our own station.

THIS IS THE LAST COLUMN
Before Christmas and we would like to wish every-

body a very merry one . .

too .

. and a Happy New Year,

. . have a nice vacation,i and don't go wzlssail-
ing too much.)

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15.

Junior Rcvuc, Page Hull Auditor—

ium.

DECEMBER 16.

State College versus Syrucuso Uni-
versity debate. second floor of Dru—
pcr Hall.

Alpha Epsilon Phi dutc party.
Commuters Christmas Party, Coin-
mons.

Kappa Beta duto pui'ty, Lounge.

Newman Club Holy Hour, Sinnll
Grotto of Vinccntlnn High School.
Hillel post-Cluuiuukull Party, Hilch
Hull.
Chi Sigma Theta faculty Christ-
Party.

TUESDAY. DECEMBER. 19.

French
Lounge.
Phi Delta date party.

SCAGS Christmas Party, Commons.

8:30 pm.

SATURDAY,

11 u .in.
8-12 pm.
8:30—12 pm.

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17.
3 pm.
7—9 pm.
8-10 pm.
3 :30 pm.
8—10 pm.

8 : 30- 12 pm.
11 p.m.vl am.

Sorority and Fraternity parties.

Club Christinns Piii'ly.

 

‘ STATI—COl-LIGI «two. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 1'3. I030

Conway Releases
Exam Schedule

For Civil Service

Civil Service Examinations will be
given February 3, 1951, according to
J. Edward Conway, President of the
New York State Civil Sex-Vice Com-
mission. There are openings for pri-
son guards in eleven State Institu-
tions and an opening for an insur-
ance advisor in the Executive De-
partment, Division of Housing. Ap-
plications will be accepted up to
December 29.

Applicants for the Prison Guard
position must be between 21 and 28
years old. They must have two
years’ experience in actual super-
vision of men, and a high school
diploma or four years of military ex-
perience in the armed forces of the
United States, or two additional
years of supervisory experience. The
application fee is two dollars.

People applying for the insurance
advisor position must have a high
school diploma and five years of
recent experience in some phase of
the insurance business, or they must
have two years of college and two
additional years of insurance ex-
perience. The application fee is
four dollars.

Candidates may obtain otlicr ex-
amination announcements, which
give more detailed information.
li'om the Examinations Division.
State Department of Civil Service.
39 Columbia Street, Albany. New
York or any local office of the New
York State Employment Service.
Completed applications with the rc-
quii‘ed fee should be filed at the
Governor Alfred E. Smith Office
Building, Albany.

0» 7011}! ‘70 8mm; .

Pictured above are William Wiley and Thomas Singleton, who will
appear in the Junior Revue. which will be presented tonight in Page

GWMJ ,Han' a“. ,

’1‘9‘Sttlifdcliiiistoiit the University of B  y      T e

Noti'c Dome are first and foremost

Notrc Duinc men, and to the Uiii— O O '- .

rersity its a whole their first :illcgi- T S 1' S y  O R q t

ance gocs. Sccondnrily, they are s e  S

"‘CTDT‘TS .01,“ “mimic  ml“)? Is the kettle boiling? Are the minks," while Money ranges from

U1“\.C'M_”' ‘l‘nld “Owndl‘l‘l‘yu iii”. shades pulled? Swallow your con- millions to just money. Evenamem-

unegmmc go” to “10- lehs' T H” Si‘li‘lltﬂ 131'35' the post office doesn‘t ber of the faculty needs it.

states ollc columnist in the Notl'c ﬁnd out. and lets go! Ya, know,

Dame Schmusm' V _ steaming open letters is fun—es— Seems evel‘ybOCly wants a Cadillac.
MOSI Shiite SillClCllLS \‘i'lll ﬂClvlllll‘ pccinuy letters to Santa. jannned But, a few would be satisfied with

that in this college the erei-Sc situ- with requests from State (“mega h ugom plated Lincoln" or “jugt a

ution exists. First and foremost—— 
me Class. meh_me schooL Poor Santa! Look at the variety

Every Lillie we attend a "Big 4" it Of “1050 l‘t‘qUC-‘tﬁ. Spread 01”? OVCI' These Jewelry requests must be
seems ironic 10 Uh- lhm such W101“ eight categories: World, College, from females. What would a fellow
should be diverted info inter—class SChOlﬂSLiC Aﬁﬂil‘s. OlJDOSlLC SEX. want with frat pins and diamonds?
competition—43y collch traditions. If ClOthS. CNS. Money. 311d JEWEh'Y- .
a class docs 21 good job on ii lllllSl- Will” 11 breakdown? Okay. llel‘e We'll: -M9n‘l" ChriSLmﬂS. Santa-
cul production, it receives the crcd— 8005i HUGS hoping you live to see it!
it which upon graduation is lost World Affairs boils down to peace
forever. If the school puts on it good and (lClOI‘illf‘lliS. Life at State must
show, the credit rcmuins there as be rugged. Liston! Three months to
an honor to the college, and, to in- sleep in. Llll'CC extra days off for
coming classes. a standard to up- Lhristmus, five-day weekends and
hold. two-day weeks. Ah, here‘s a poppy
What would happen if the “4" in soul. “to hours for the rest of the
"Big 4" ut‘luully stood for the par- your.”
licipnlioli ol' the four clusscspif the Judging by those. State must be
111101“ 01‘ “ll 10111‘ “'91'0 DUL 111W 1‘ i'cry scliolnsticully minded: "English

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHY PAY IT ALL
AT ONCE

school lil‘U‘lUUllOn? find if m“ translation of physics," “A in sc'i- ./ y . 1 ~
iickct i'cudrl "leSC'I; Pi'pgcilis“ encu'u “mm” 01. January exams,” “ hen you (All get bmllh-
instcild of " li,‘ iiss o  "u lcprccliuuii to do buck work" i ) .
“Wild” E'hut'f’l'l- and “n recording machine to play (“0nd lortdbleb at the
3‘"de ﬁlm” O-l- homework Willlf‘ I sleep.” €04“) on an installment
_ C Opposite Soxvi'ough sledding for
Everett DeSISnS over South trying to find enough l'cd— basis.
- hoods and (i’2”-crs. And do you
For Conege Magazme know \\'lli‘l‘(‘ lli‘ can get a “Johnny ‘ ‘
Limit-k physique with Kirk Douglas SEE:

.lozili Titus ‘52. Editor-in-Cliicf of
l’rimcl‘, lllf‘ i'olll‘gc litci‘iii'y niliulul.
luls :iiiiiouiu'cd lll(‘ Willili‘l’ of Llli‘
('l)\'(‘l' design for the 1950—6] issue

    
(if in} donni- ' S’l‘lllll'IN’l‘S and FACULTY
‘ " ()N RECORDS

Everett‘s ('U\'("l' design was chosen   

by Miss Ruth 1?). Hull-hills. Assisluiil
Professor of Art. illlfl Miss ’l‘iiiis. Six ‘
“in Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9:00

looks?"

Chhhhs .40 from Manager for details

“mittens to

 

srirstoﬁtcr
co-or

different designs \\'l‘l'(' submitted
for the i'oliii'si.

 

 

 

 

 

10% Discount to Students
Up to Dec. 3|. lill'ifl

Moe Kahn

“Styles of Today"
232 CENTRAL AVENUE

“A Clean Place To Eat”

Waldorf Cafeteria

167 Central Ave.

 

 

l
(9de ll. MEWE !

103 Central Ave. ()I’EN DAY AND NIGHT

Council Speculafe's
On Blazer - Wearing

What will Student Council
take up next? They are now
considering the vital Issue of
what the well dressed Statesman
—and women—will wear. If in
the near future you should see
sz-vu-al Council members sport-
ing purple blazers with white
piping (that point has not been
decided as yet) you will know
that correspondence with a
company dealing in such things

» has developed into a business
deal.

The Council has been discuss-
ing selling arrangements with
the company and investigating
the possibility of having the
State College Co-Op handle the
jackets.

The blazers are unique in that
along with each sale goes an
extra pocket. Thus the buyer
may replace the emblemed
pocket which is on the jacket
with the plain one and wear the
blazer as a casual jacket when
he graduates. Practicality plus!

    
 
 

 

Hillel, Newman
Slate Activities

Hillel has scheduled a party and

Newman Club has planned a Holy

Hour for the coming week, according
to their respective presidents. Bar-
bara Stein and Gerald Bi'ophy.

Seniors.

Hillel will hold a post-Cilanukah

Party Sunday from ‘7 to 9 pm. '
Hillel Hall. The evening will feat-
ure a cantata presented by the
Hillel Choral Group.

Newman club has scheduled a
Holy Hour for 3 pm. Sunday at the
Small Grotto located in the Vin-
centian High School at the corner
of Ontario and Yate Streets. Rev-
erend Richard Dineen will officiate.

Cli/(fli'lill
Superior Stunt Cullugc
.supemu, ll lie-unsin

YRADk MARn R

.“Coke

IRAUI: MAlin It

55¢"

80"an imnr '\ r”:

 
 

 

 

 

THE COLLEGE JEWELER ‘

 

a”-

5

SAGE e'

Hostels Offer v.
Scholarship Trip

Grant European Tour
To Contest Winner

The officials of the American
Youth Hostels Incorporated have re-
leased plans to award a scholarship
trip to Europe next summer, with
all expenses paid, to any person who
writes the best essay entitled, “Why
I Would Like to Go Hostellng in
Europe." The winner in the nation-
wide competition for this trip will
join one of the supervised groups
sponsored by AYH and will spend
eight weeks abroad, traveling
through their choice of either the
British Isles, Central Europe, or
France and the Rhineland.

Hosteling derives its name from
the low-cost overnight accommoda-
tions, “hostels,” available to those
with hostel passes traveling by bi-
cycle or hiking. Hostelers carry their
clothing in saddlebags on their bi-
cycles or in packs on their backs
and frequently prepare their own
food, limiting expenses to less than
$1.50 a day.

The winners of the contest will
sail from the United States about
June 15 and will return about Sep-
tember 1. Going as AYH members,
they will travel both by train and
ship.

The competition is open to U. S."

citizens who have reached the age
of 17 by July 1, 1951. Moreover, the

competitors must apply for hostel.

passes, which permit the holder to
stay at any hostel in this country
and abroad. Entries, consisting of
no more than 1,000 words, must be
postmarked no later than April 15,
1951. An announcement of the win-
ner will be made in the summer is-
sue of Hosteling magazine.

Full information and application
forms for the scholarship may be
obtained from National Headquart-
ers, American Youth Hostels, 6 East
39th Street, New York City.

    
  
 

In Superior, Wisconsin, the favorite
gathering spot of students at the
Superior Sluic College is the Cafe-
teriii because it is a cheerful place
——full of friendly collegiate atmos-
phere. And when the gang gathers
around, ice-cold Coca-Cola gets the
call. For here, as in college haunts

cvcryuvlierc—~Cokc belongs.

risk for it til/Mr way . . . [ml/l
lrmlc-mdrl’r "It’d" l/lc’ mmr thing.

on...” Pr vur- tori rnu (‘OMPANY IV

COCA-COM BO'I'I‘LING 00.

© l950, The Coca-Cola Company

    
   

 

 

