   
     

Fhoi i , our: course news. FRIDAY. MARCH 24, 19:0

14 gophamm «glen! 0n Side

By MARION GORSKIE

   

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 24, 1950 PAGE 3

Wisteria, Suver SCA Freshmen Schedule Supper;
Decorate Dances  To Observe Seder Rites

Three days before Spring the

 

..__~~ m...— n

   

 

 

Gama-Slate’s

‘ By MAGUIRE and PERSICO ‘

The Common-Stater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do

Compulsory Assemblies?

Again and again, students at State College have
expressed the opinion that Friday assemblies should
not be compulsory. The main reason given for this

 
 

Rowe, Lloyd To Speak

At Business Conference

 

 

 

 

 

opinion is that students feel that on many occa-
sions the assembly is a waste of their time. If as-
semblies were non-compulsory, what would be some
of the results?

First of all, if assemblies were not compulsory,
assembly attendance would drop considerably. This
fact seems to be indicated by the desire for non-
compulsory assemblies. With the lowering of at-
tendance might come a decrease of efﬁciency of the
student government. Decisions would be based on
a smaller number of students. Problems might not
be adequately discussed, and measures might be
passed favoring only a small portion of the stu-
dent body. Also, participants in the programs, es-
pecially guest participants, would realize that their
presence was not appreciated by the majority of
students. Consequently, a lack of interest in plan-
ning good programs might result. Next, the as-
sembly might lose its value as an information cen-
ter. Announcements, which reach the majority of
the students through assembly now, would be of
less value. In addition, assemblies might no longer
play as large a role in orienting the freshmen to
college. Through the auditorium periods, the fresh-
men become acquainted with the school, its policies
and its leaders.

Refering to the students’ belief that many as-
semblies are a waste of time, it should be considered
that if assemblies were non-compulsory, students
might not attend even those assemblies which they
desired to attend. For example, if a student had to
choose between attending an assembly in which he
was interested and studying for an examination
that afternoon, he would probably decide to study.

Those students who want non-compulsory as-
semblies are justified in their desire. Certainly no
one should be compelled to waste time. Perhaps if
assemblies were non-compulsory, a challenge would
be raised, resulting in more appealing programs
instead of a lack of interest as previously mention-
ed. However, if this fact were true, the desire for
non-compulsory assemblies should be acting as a
challenge right now. It is true that those who do
not have seats in assembly would be able to attend
assemblies whenever they wished. But would their
attendance compensate for the number of absentees?
How many of these students would actually at-
tend assemblies? If the student association busi-
ness was placed in the hands of a smaller group
by means of a constitutional revision, the uphold-
ers of a non-compulsory assembly would be even
more justified. As things stand now, compulsory
assemblies are necessary.

To compromise, students might be allowed about
three cuts in assembly a semester. These cuts would
enable a student to miss an assembly in which he
had no interest or when he could use the extra
time. Also, they would provide extra seats for
those students who do not have assigned seats.

Weighing the arguments for and against com-
pulsory assemblies, it is evident that assemblies
should be compulsory. Assemblies do not have to
bc a waste of time. From them, students may do-
rivc entertainment, information and knowledge.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Here we are in the vacuum
of college life Where Commons,
bridge talk, and Rivalry assume
primary importance while world
events occasion a remark. Some have
criticized us for this collegiate quest
of “well roundedness” asking us
where We will be when our petty ac-
tivities slip from us and we enter
an indifferent world. Maybe these
people are wrong; We may have
learned something at State. Perhaps
the world pattern repeats on a larg-
er scale the pattern of school ac-
tivities.

This is probably our last oppor-
tunity to see democratic stirdent
government in action where above
all “Robert's Rules" reigns ﬁrst, and
the accuracy of a motion is general-
ly more a point of controversy than
the motion itself. Each person is
supposed to represent himself and
the best interests of the student
body in voting, but some represent
much less. If the assembly as a
group is passive, they’re accused of
being lethargic; and if they’re too
responsive, without a doubt someone
is “rabble rousing.” In the system
of preferential voting sincerity often
misses its quota in the second dis-
tribution, but efficient people of
energy and personality are elected
who. after all, accomplish much
more.

In leadership too, State combines
every type visible in the outside
world. There are the over ambitious
who work diligently for three years
whose interests are always concen-
trated on a single goal—let’s label
it security—rather than on the work
itself. They, at all costs, know the
“right” people and are seen in the
“right” places. At the end of this

time consuming strife, they are
awarded exactly what they deserve—
a little metal key and Myskania
credit, the exterior symbol of their
success, Unfortunately they never
can fully satisfy their insatiable ap-
petite for position and power, nor
can they ever be at peace with their
hollow triumphs. To give these lead-
ers the just credit due them, they
usually accomplish much and do
their jobs well; and if they have the
wrong attitude in attaining their
goal, really, all they sacrifice along
the way is their integrity. The sec-
ond type of leader, slightly rarer,
but present, oddly enough actually
has a greater interest in the activi-
ty itself than in his relationship to
it. After working diligently for three
years, he, too, is awarded exactly
what he deserves—a metal key plus
three years of self-satisfactoin.
However, the greatest lesson State
teaches us is to conform, to always
move with the masses and despite
any qualms we may have about loss
of individuality; that’s exactly what
We do. We learn to have a greater
respect for traditions and “safe at-
titudes” which will invariably help
us to adjust to a quiet later life.
There are those who would tell
us in perfect complacency that the
extensive scope of our curriculum
broadens our concepts on life, and
that the lack of courses in logic and
philosophy are more than compen-
sated for by educational psychology.
Through our continual maze of
school, “bull” and dorm with its
pleasant variations of State Fair.
Operettas, and Big-Fours. we re-
ceive our education. College
State . . . a tremendous place to
learn.

Saphs Mark Seventeen Months

From Infancy To

By HERBERT HOLLAND

Gather you children and you all

shall hear

A thrill-packed account of '52‘s

career.
Shelley

Well, perhaps the aforementioned
couplet did not come from the pen
of Shelley, but it is an introduction
to a story that Shelley himself would
probably have wanted to eulogize
had he been around—the story of
the Class of 1952.

How many of us will ever forget
our ﬁrst few days at State? It seems
that upperclassmen, the administra-
tion, and the faculty tried especial-

 

ly hard to confuse ‘52. but. just to
show them what we're made of We
got ourselves registered anyhow.

Wise Foolery

convincing all concerned that “ani-
mals should grow people for food."
Even the stellar array of lingerie
that '51 managed to collect in order
to strengthen their arguments was
of no avail.

With the approach of spring came
a loud buzzing of bees busily at
work on “Lucky Number," ’52's Big-4
production. "Lucky Number" had all
the trappings of a Broadway show
and had State talking for quite a
while.

Rivalry was now on the home-
strctch with the Bees and the Grem-
lins neck and neck. The days which
probably stand out in the mind of
every ‘52cr was Moving-Up Day. The
night before, the banner hunt end-
cd with both banners being declared
dead. a situation brough about by
the disappearance of Bill Lyons.
then Vice President of SA. now bet-
ter known as the Arkansas Trav-
clcr.

Brooks and Buck again hft thc
jackpot with their skit. ’I‘hc sing
'as a rcpcat pcrl‘ornmncc for a
clcan swoop by the class of" the ycl-
low. A fcnscd throng awaitcd the

not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE

LET’S HAVE MORE . . .

assemblies like last Friday’s. It was both informative
and enlightening and gave us a better idea of what
our prospective “Bosses” are looking for in a teacher.
It's unfortunate that all Seniors and Grads couldn't
attend since they would have beneﬁted most from
what the panel had to say. No doubt there are a
important questions concerning
teaching that would be asked if Student Assocfaiton
could have another similar assembly. The superiority
of last Friday‘s meeting over those in which SA is
burdened with pointless harangueing is only too

HAVE YOU NOTICED . . .

the improved appearance of "Soapbox?" This year
Forum's paper. with timely articles and clever car-
toons, is a far cry from last year's blurred and bleary

the Dean’s List for last semester? Once more the
frosh have the somewhat dubious distinction of tak-
ing last place. Only 42 scholars? ’I‘ch-tchlf

the economy wise SLS pledges wearing home made.
paper bow ties? lIt brings out the artist in some of
them). As for the KB fledglingsw-tlwy are sporting
. . . that's one way of getting lit up.

the frosh “Boat to Paltimar?” It's hidden under a
Draper staircase. Don't be bashful, freslnncn—-comc
on out in the open to ask for your dough.

DR. COLLle AIRS lilS VIEWS . . .

Wednesday night‘s Capital Campus program fea-
tured an interview with Dr. Collins by the program's
commentators. Expansion of School facilities keynotcd
the President's remarks. This program is one example
of the fine work that Radio Council is doing to ac-
quaint thc area with NYSCT.

MlNE COUNTRY .

No, this isn‘t the beginning of a “back to the farm
movement." On the contrary, the Sophs have brought
the farmyard here to State. Have you taken a stroll
down “Draper Lane” lately? Then you've seen the
ginghamcd girls and their bashful beaux. Or per-
haps you were led by the strains of “Mountain Green-
ery” across the plowed?? land and over to the bull
lexcuse me. "BOlll"l. The window display on the path
to the Boul is an eyeopcncr and an ingenious idca
too. If the Soph Big-4 is as good as its publicity land
it will be:, all you local yokels should buy your
tickets, don your Sunday—go-to-mcetin' clothes and
get set for a rollockin' good time.

to the administration for their thoughtfulness in
installing a light and laying those life-saving for
should I say foot—saving! planks at the door leading
into Lower Draper.

'52 LEADS THE WAY . . .

The benevolent class of '52 is going to have i
For only $.52 per member, tho of
feed, clothe. educate and shelter a war orphan for
an entire year. Good idea for the other classes to
. . . how about it.??

TRAFFIC TROUBLES . . .

Campus Commission's intentions were good whcn
they decided to regulate the staircase traffic BU'I‘
wouldn‘t il. be more helpful if the directional signs
were placed at both the top and thc bottom of fllc

ass will be able to

SMART SOPIIS . . .

All thcsc Wcll-drcsscd Sophomores that you'vc sccn
Milne-bound fhcsc days arcn‘f. hcudcd for thc llinsfcr
Parudc. Thc Sophs thc bcon g'ivcn n chancc to ob-
scrvu in Milnc and naturally haw- to look sharp. It‘s
a good opportunity and will avoid disillusionnicnl in
n lutcr ycur. ch hoch

(‘UMING EVENTS . . .

ALAN (‘. LLOYD

Request Student Help
To Avert Confusion

A rcpluccmcnt to Campus Com-
mission and information on postcd
signs in Drnpcr Hull havc bccn rc-
lcoscd by F'loricc Klinc '50, Grand

Marshal.
Estollc Wcisblatt '52, has rcplucod
Robcrt Brown  on thc Halls and

Anncx Commiflcc. following Mr.

Brown's rcsignnfion.

In Lowcr Dl'upcf', Campus Com—
mission has posfcd signs urging stu-
dcnts lo ‘Movc on." and to "Avoid
Congcstion.” This step on fhc part
of tho commission was infiiufcd in
oidcr to stop blocking of' traffic out—
sidc of' girls” lockcr room. a ccnfcr
of confusion (Inc to prcscnf, construc-
tion procccdings.

Signs indicating whcfhcr sfudcnfs
should usc stairwuys for usccnding
or dcsccnding huvc bccn posfcd on
tho first floor of Drupcl‘. Sludcnfs
:n'c urgcd lo road and obcy fhc signs
in ordcr fhal pnssugc lo and from
clnsscs bc donc cf'ficicnfly.

Cobb States Regulations
For Recess Book Loans

 

’ To Demonstrate Typing Method;

Present Aspects Of lJury Trisl'

Dr. John L. Rowe, Associate Pro-
fessor of Business Education, Teach-
ers College. Columbia University,
and Alan C. Lloyd, Advertising Di-
rector. Gregg Publishing Company
are among the featured speakers
at the Commerce Club Conference.
to be held in Pierce Hall on April 22.

Dr. Rowe is scheduled to give a.
typing demonstration, utilizing a
classroom situation. His class will
consist of a number of students from
the Milne Practice Teaching School.

His experience in the business
world has been varied He was for-
merly in charge of preparing teach-
ers for business subjects, teaching in
Boston University ,and is typewrit-
ing editor of "U.B.E.A. Forum," a
business magazine.

Rowe has also appeared on pro-
grams of numcrous conventions and
conferences demonstrating thc tech-
niques of skill building in type-
writing.

Alan C. Lloyd will work in con-
junction with Dr. Herbcrt M .Frec-
man on the “Jury Trial" procedure.
presenting some of the aspects of
basic business education. Harrison
M. Tcrwilligcr, Assistant Professor
of Commerce, will act as judge dur-
ing the procedure.

Lloyd has held a position with the
Gregg Company since 1945, has a
broad business background, has pub-
lished a textbook. and at present is
working on his doctorate.

During the past years he has
acfcd as a business department head
and counselor and has done teach—
ing on both high school and college
levels.

Mr. Lloyd is the author of “Pcr—
sonal Typewriting." a one semester
fcxfbook for non-commercial stu-
dcnts.

He received his undergraduate dc-
grccs from the University of Pitts-
burgh. whch he later returned to
work on his doctorate. At the Uni-
\'crsty of" Southern California and
at l-lurvurd hc took his gruduatc
work.

Gaﬁfaf camps“

By I’A'l‘ BRADY

 

 

This wcck we have a round-up of
thc dramatic offerings in the capital
city :n‘cu. As you probably know by
this timc. Ihc Milne School scnlor
play will be prcscntcd tonight in
Pugc l-lall Auditorium at 8:30 pm.

'l'hc play chosen for this year's
prcsculufion is "Best Foot Forward.“
and if is dircctcd by Gcorgc Christ
‘50. 'lhc plol involvcs, or cntnnglcs.
fiscff' in thc complications arising
when :1 boys" prop school sponsors
its annual prom.

'l‘onighl and tomorrow night will
|.c lhc final pcrfornninccs of Max-
wclf Andcrson's "Winfcrsclf ‘ut U11—
ion (‘ollcgu 'l‘hc curtain time for thc
lwo pcrf'ormunccs will bc 8:30 1).lll.

For fliosc of you who will not bc

spirit certainly prevailed at
Sayles and Enzio couldn’t have
made a more “Enchanted Eve-
ning." Dancing under pastel wis-
terla decorations and refresh-
ments in the dining room were
the center of attention until the
crowning ceremonies at 11 pm.
At this time Dr. Collins came
forth to place the Queen’s sym-
bol upon Doris Voter's head,
while her court, Ruth Hopper
and Barbara Stock, shared
reigning honors.

At Pierce llall, Cimlcrellas
glided around in their glaSS slip-
pers amongst the glittering pink
and silver decorations. On the
stroke of midnight, Fay Rich-
ards started the procession of
beauties down the winding stair-
way to the tune of “Always.”
The crowd looked anxiously to
see Queen Mary Frisk make her
appearance to he proceeded by
Virginia Norton, Jane llatt,
f'v'larilyn [filler and Peggy Smith,
the court attendants. One o'clock
came all too soon!

The religious clubs have sched-
uled for this coming week a fresh-
man supper. a chapel, a card party,
a Seder. a Bible study, a noon wor-
ship, and a roller skating party.

The freshman members of SCA
are planning a supper for the rest
of the organization for Monday at
6:30 pm. in the Hope Baptist
Church. Clinton Avenue. at a cost of
fifty cents per person. The supper
program, including entertainment,
is being directed by Charles Abra-
ham '53. Reservations should be
made by 5:30 pm. today. according
to Jeanne Bowen ’50, President.

Rev. Andrew Davidson from the
Hope Baptist Church will speak at
the final Lenten Chapel Wednesday
noon.

Hillel is holding a card party Sun-
day at 7:30 pm. at Hillel Hall, ac-
cording to Daniel Ganeles ’51, Presi-
dent. The party will feature bridge,
gin ruminy. canastn, prizes. and re-
freshments. There will be no charge,
and everyone is invited.

Hillel is also planning its annual
Passover Scdar which will take

 

emm'cdiand

To The Editor:

In consideration of inst week's rc-
vicw of “Patience” I am somewhat
concerned with my ignorance of
the author's name. The publication
of this information would serve to
eliminate further embarrassment
and to enlighten the reader as to the
relative merit of the source. Par ex-
cmplc. was the article written by a
student of Aristotle, Vido etc. or
the Good Humor Man?

Of the primary principles of criti-
cism that secures the critiCs aloof-
ncss from reflecting utldicncc senti—
ment. is the consideration of thc
overall effect of a work. not based
on incidentals. but upon the char-
acter rcproducf,i0n of the compos—
cr‘s plan. Were the "poets bcrcfs
and vclvct kncc brecchcs" so “un-
fortunate” as to mar this effect?
And was the unadaptability of
“Bunthornc‘s” role to Joe Crucilla's
truly operatic fulcnts dctrimental to
the effectiveness of his perform-
ance? “One Man‘s” Inudations are
gcncrully wcuk and procccd no fur-
fhcr than lhc connnn. whcrc his dc-
cislons urc rcvcrscd or modified. Thc
:uniubility shown Miss Thorpe is
commcndobfc but has no place in u
rcvicw. Hcr actions were secondary
to Mr. Crucilla‘s. who for thc short,
appraisal ullowcd him might. huvc
performed his cflcctivc strutting
and facial contorfions whilc druw-
ing lhc curtain. To attack his cx-
prcssions and gcsfurcs by contend—

Add Students To Dean's List

'l‘hc following numcs wcrc omit-
fcd from lhc Dcan‘s List for the
Full Scmcslcr 1040-50. according' to
Ruth Lupe. Rotisfrur: l.conurd Ko-
blcnz. Ruth Murschncr. Scniors: llcl-
mufh Schultzc '5]: nnd Marion Ruin:

'52.

 

ing repetition is to ignore th I arous-
al of' audience sensitivity to the par-
ticular situation and the resultant
applausc. ththcr or not his ac-
tions wcrc varied is of little consc—
qucnco.

The criticism of Mr. Crucilln is
understandable if not justified in
view of the current inclination to
“catch the spreading notion of the
town.“ perhaps first advanced by
onc in an authoritative position.

To criticize your critic's work in
his own fashion would probably al-
low for complch commcndntion of
only print and punctuation.

Ed Leigh '5)!

discussed in Assembly today.

place Wednesday at 3:30 pm. ,in
the Lounge. The Seder is being held
to celebrate the freedom of the He-
brew people from Egypt over two
thousand years ago. Passover re-
f'reshments will be served. All stu-
dents and members of the faculty
are invited to attend.

A Bible Study will be held today
at 3:30 pm. in Room 150, according
to Doris Price ’50, President of IVCF.
Mrs. Clarence Traver will speak on
the Gospel of John.

IVCF is sponsoring a roller skat-
ing party with other area colleges
tomorrow at 8 pm. at Hoffman’s
skating rink. Everyone is invited to
attend.

IVCF will hold a noon worship
Thursday in Room 23. T. Dale Lea-
vesfey from the Sixth Avenue Bap-
tist Church will speak on the topic
“An Unknown Name.”

Visitho UN Highlights
Annual ESA Meeting

Last weekend Dr. Milton G. Nel-
son. Dean of the College, Dr. Ken-
neth Erasure, Assistant Professor of
Education. and four State College
students attended a meeting of the
Eastern States Association of Pro-
fessional Schools for Teachers. Rep-
rcscntutivcs from the student body
were Gerald Dunn. Edwin Kurland-
re. Robert Kreiling, Juniors; and
Robert Donnelly, Sophomore.

The conference program included
a meeting at the United Nations in
which the delegates heard a talk on
the UN setup, activities, issues, and
accomplishments. This was followed
by a qucstion period. The General
Scssion of the meeting, held in New
York University‘s Auditorium, in-
cludcd several Student and Facility
Discussion Panels and a Symposium
on the European Recovery problem.
Other phases of the ESA will be

Receptions wore the next order of unnotulccmcnt of the final scorc. Look for nnolhcr sllldcnt Uhilliml PU“. 'l'lH‘ “(imm-
busmess rm. the Class of yellow mm and when H, (mm. up. (31,155 or '52 islralion wants to know what wc wool in our Studcnf
(lid we get 'Qm_ we were (“reply wng judged winnpr! Ulllilll Building. ll.ll'5 it'll llll'lll.l
touched by the thcmc of the faculty ll :1 slight snnlc was notcd on

      
    
   
    
 
 
   
    
 
    
    
  
   
    
     
     
      
 

catching fhc first planc. bus. boat, or
train ncxf Friday, it session of' thc
Town Hall scrlcs ul RPI will be
hcld of if pm. John Mason Brown,

Hffplllufions for withdrawals of"
icscrrc books. Hfuli' Library books,
and rcgulur liookh for lu‘uslcr \'llf'il-
lion fnlvc bccn nnnoum-cd by Mary

ESTABLISHED MAY 19l6

Easter Cards

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

n ‘ rccc )tfoIr—cf rurcc .-  - fnc‘   z .9 "f H w 1 -- v , r . x u ;  '- " I - 'In- Now on safe at the lib/ml rm/f
RAIING—ALL-AMERICAN nndlwlld “[01:01] [L‘Scl‘i‘lli’l‘lyiilg  in] gill/.llgliixgji m Mu" “I Hi “m M H, Cobb, (follcgc l.lbrnl'luli. ::;;.‘,:l“::,llii[$5.1ﬁshinlllllln“distill“it. iii“. (I 0 __ 0 I; (um-mo. .Ilmnnppt n.u""‘"'hm

VOL. XXXIV March 24, 1950 N0 .21 next on our How.“ culundm,‘ ‘th College Calendar _ _ _ Hosm'vc Infoth inuy be borrowed “1. 1m lwllm. Wm bu “Swing 50"“. as '0“. as “NM,” ﬂukgpp‘AH ,/.,

Member ( “lllﬂllrll’ull‘l'r trarv to belief we Bccs wcrc not “1m. it“) in” H“Immil' mid II“! 'l‘hhu's" I (‘I'IN’I‘ I'IA(‘II “it. M‘5 5
r‘NNllvllIli'll (‘oIlt-glnfi- I'm-rm ‘o cgnle )gon: , “ y I ,‘ H , _" ‘ ,I (“w mull, m H“, MUM“. H. 9, U nim‘ “ v- ‘ I I ‘ H ’ | _r_, \
'I‘ln: InnIf-rgrmlmm- lll-\\n’p.‘l|n~l' of fine New York Sunf- f‘ol Wm” bl U,“ C’lllhh “1 51 find “It‘ll WHHHNJMV Am“ 1;, ,HHN. Mm d” .wnn-Ilnngnhfllc (lllll‘lflll in tin “ﬁnch: g . d Fm Monday NS
10m, rm. v,',.,,,.,,,.,.,.,; “mum”... «wiry fin-pnuv “1' 1|... (follow! lukc uctfvltics. l‘hc moncy thnt they yummy, MAIN“ 9| _ I ‘  I}, ,H _ M. \\'n_\' of "cxlllblfh Ih lJl‘IllH ll'flllll‘f‘fl " “_  v ' ,.- \¢
your by fln- NEWS llflill'll I'ur lino Sffnlcnl .\~1'Hol'lllllllll. rpcujvml from Us “rub. “(mum/“d!- nol Icllllll llli' litlllxh Ill lllL “le -

 

   

15:30 |).lll. [Vtip Lmlp study in “mm, ,5“ Hm “mm: will 1“, Minith 1” H“, n11 lln-qubnnly Ai'mory..[’l'l1c £{\‘lbtun._\'
8-12 pm. inn (innnnn ()pcn llollso of fill South Mllmmm “Hm. HWIH‘\,_HW (WM pm“. pm,“ gnu] [$1,935, $0,“: ,Id 1,]: H F H .k a & S
l.tll{(‘ Ave W. H“, “N “Hm. “I. “mum, mel. nn._ 4 full mu rant 1- 'Hll' Hurst, I l  e, 
. I _ | l, “rm”. .11,” m.“ \\'lll run lfn-ough lomoirow lhc ) _
s.\'rl'l:o.n'. MMth :55 "W ' 1‘ """ 1" ““ ' ‘ l harmacrsls

I 1 I ‘ “ h muumm hm“. up show is och dolly from 1:301o 10:30
‘ ‘ _ _ -.~, 0' '1' .s "" ‘ . , .- ..-,. ». ,-
fl pln. lV(,l" lioilcl' hknflng Party at llofllnnn :. mill Imwmml “I \NVWHH“n.1,”, pm, Alllllll': !‘_\c olhci cxhnfs an a 1.0mm“; 1905 ppm", 4-30,“,

I'lmm-s: \\'llst-, :tlfil‘J; f"rm~l, 20120; Scbnn and it‘lll'l'l'll, Hi4 ,. . - _ . , .r _
h “rm, “,0th 2 mm WWW” “I. Hm NEWS Hm” “my mply because of (.in clnulfublc nu—

ln- l‘t'lll'lll'fl ’l'ucmluy and \\'mfncmf;l.\‘ from 7 lo [1:00 p. ill. Lurc' Alwmi

"I “W” Campus Day nun'kcd the baptism
of fire for '52s ltfvulry flrc that is!
The fight for the Campus Dny Cup
was spirftcd and close In fact ,ft was

Tllc liclu'l Grill is one of the favor-

ifc on-fllc-campus lnunus ofsludonfs

 

'l'lll'l .\|'1\\.\ lltlAltll
HIIIIHJ'ZY “ll/Frill} - r -

- - - - - I'lilllor-lu~('llloi‘
Ill‘ilLNAlHG'l‘1‘l‘)l"lll'l|‘ll.- — - - l'ulillc lfulullolln I'ltlllor

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

l'. ..', ' '..'.,' '
l I A l r, I l Fki'lllllé “ink H I 1” glass blownn: (fcinohsfrnlion and 1,37 (,mtml AW at the Linwrslf) of Mississippi.
. - i‘ - ,. It I: l ""» - ll 1' 1-}, (;_ I ' r V , .. u . ..
nnw: s. wunmm . - - - - - - - spam l‘iilltor (M W 0M fool in n n-lny nicc. Inc IIIWHHUHNIH 0 0w“ MW “If” 3;;ng ,n, Sm}, ,, .. - f . .. . ., v .  ,, _ g , , ,, ,, , mun-:nm-t-s dfnun In .loc lxuhff. , ,, .‘ ,  .v
“.iM-E gym“ . . . . . _ (-|.-..,,l,.”.,,, "Hung" bumm- hum, {mull-0d U“. “110,-. brought. John liowkcr‘s nnnfc to ffn- I Pulwnlllwlll‘ Al'ﬁ,lll‘l'l" (“mm-l hill“ ”' lwo \\cc|\ books l)i)|ll)\\l(l from “‘lwmml “Her ALBANY, N. 1. “m” hmqmw u“. [wind (,1,” .5 u
JUAN I'iAlUil'iLI. '- - - - - Allis-I'llnlllu Mnuugur “mm-5 “mp/mpg. “'5 mm ,, “Wm,le foi‘c. Under his lcudcrsfnp wc hud " ” “ l “Hm” now lllllll \ncnfion \\‘lll bc our on r I H I I V ' f U f U
l-iifivlll‘ihil'iiiiiili‘ii'h.“ : . ' j : : I _'“‘:.l,‘,::',”,';,§'15:17:13: how fbc (lrcmhns nmnngpd in “mi our first class banqucl. Exams soon .s‘I‘MLH’, Mfim'u :54; Monday. April 1/ Shilllc rldllll‘lllll ” Hun ) p fut, a Mn): 0 o u.
(insomnia liA'l"l'lH‘l'l - - . - — - — I'lxclmlxun lidllor 001' bfmucr. All was not lost that WWW“ “"‘l “1“” V“"“l,“’“' B—o pm. SMILES lsnsn-i l’nl'fy nl Iln- llolnc “Wk” “mm “HI “liliWi-H' llllli‘lii hilt . busy ulmosblu-rc of collcgc lifc.
“HI-INN IHH'WM'H‘ ' - ‘ - AWN-W" IWW (luv though. The ‘52 skit come If sccmcd l'fllhcr mllu'llll I“ 14” "(an pm lllflcl (“n-u 1-" 'l" f. u If f l WW“ “I” “I. (“w 1 “my “w. - i an ill b, ‘ ' ’
UICIMIJ! lHrNN - - ' - - ‘ - - - MMN'IIIW INN"r [prong], m (.von lln- scoff}, uscd to thc ninnc Hophomorc this ' ' " “l ‘ " ' ‘ “"l 'l‘lnw which arc lnkcn onl for UN , r  r. U rl I 1. ,H  .' I ’ ‘ II I I.  H
V \IH' l"l"\"/I“l - - - - - Aunm'luio l‘hlllnr . . ,_ . . , , . ’ n , . l I" I.‘_l“.“l,1 . I, \. JJ . u “mm MARK W H H, 1:, u “(Us 1H1”) () 1”, UN
v - ~  With lllvulry Wcll huloctrlnulcd l’f'ill‘f H1“ “WEI-31”“ “1 il-l l'i'bllll“(l 1“ MUNIHY. MAltt'll :‘7 (“Hum \‘H'm‘m “Ml “U i x l I ‘ u H
mm," EDITURH into our blood “’0 nt-xl nn-nml (my no mo Scar-c for us. i'W'll ff fhcy n30 pin fii‘A Hlfllllf‘l :ll liic Illnw 1mm,” Hum-p ’HH' “WU” \illl f"“|“"__‘” |-’ lam” Buym’rcmﬂumw/mw i‘l'utcrnity chclcrs  waculu’ ML [Curlww’uﬁ inwl,
Mum, (“gm pm“. 0"“... “am, 5mm, climb to alum clccffons .Wilh cf~ «ml no lhc Campus Duy (tun. Mary on (‘hnlon Arc Hill block from Iln- non] """""i'- M”""" "1' “"‘ ““'"“ “ .IIcwcwv onv'rs. rnyons
! ’ i 1 ’l ' l l I

 

 

 

ilfllillli l(.fi(l:lb lifilillllfsl illitlllt in]: {)2 $30.18: «llfilll‘m liltlillllll‘l'l‘el“   “\ l...0 p1,. l’l (un rm l’l inf-cliff; In lhc Lollllfif' d m' will I liAlHnlLS, hllslNS, lthhS "mm "M" ’l 1‘6" Hilllltllllh' “ll”lb “Uliiliub
\il u-oinnrnnn.muns .nnnni 1.. ...|.lriv.~ncil lo the clfllor null ‘llN “ll f) lil'f‘ll “F i'. Vii l‘,V g ()l')’, r‘? H " H r ’1! . h R .‘h ,1”..th t". (‘rvunhouﬁo ll , s 1. ,. \ V| ' I ‘
mun! be nlﬂ'nwl. Animus win a... Willllluld upon rm Hunt. The clnss of lhc ycllow copped tho it rlsulf of tho dcbutc. lhc world Is 3.} n nlggmnr, MAR”! 73” ,l, H, ,PFHH "w", l ‘ i. ' "(‘l‘lbm IIIINS: K‘IJS . (Allu. ("IONA-\-
lum hIA | l. Hll.l.l'.nl‘. \I.\\n ,lnnlllnlfd .llu rospounlllllfy “will”: Hm“. Mu”, “UH/H led H“, [-UHVmH-{l [lull lljgkimug It‘llnuld lmw- 3'3", In” “HM lmm‘uvm. SHIN. “1 [hp “Hump ll" ' I h ' I ' f " H (lil‘llilil‘ 0" ‘ hlAIIUNI‘Jl‘. l'lt()(.ltAMs I I
n... “Him”...mast-mm: ‘1' f‘,  "'.;',f:‘,‘,“j,,f,;','.',”'f{';”§if?” cluss and n choir of so volccs in fur—lined lmfhtulm. c pm. soA lif'lllt'll llle'll ‘loll n fln- nonu- of 78 — 45 — Hill/3 “Nl-W'“ W “I'ANWN MEDALS 'l‘uoi-uncs ¢ x/Jk/ur II I’ll/Ir'r mf_v...ln//z
‘ 'll‘ I | in “If... ' ' a. y‘_ I _ i .m ,
"" "m ' u" M m" ' ' h ’ wind. ull Stofc called “The swootcst ibis jllh'l ubout. brings us up to ur- ‘

lh'. il‘runccs Colby

 

.. or“. tilt.» ' ‘
. l l i t . . . Inn/annular “moi I/n' .nnm' I/Iltl_f{.
 ....   ( ollcg'c Il'lorlsl. for Years
lﬁti ('i'illl'ill Avc. 62-02;“ SW71“! Aftelulon to
Sororun s and ll'rutcrnffics

music this side of hcuvcn." lhc prcscnf.. f)ctmls hch bccn lcfl _
4W"? Th" 11")“ RlVflll‘y high shot was out but lhcro has to bc sonic spncc THURSDAY, MAIH‘II 30
the dcbutc. Here '52 scored whilc left for ncws. 11! noon lVCl“ Worship in ltooln 23

Write or (‘ull
(IAltl. SOICENSICN ?
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, NJ’.
’l‘clcphonc ’l‘roy Adams 8-2523

liOlllED UNDER AUlinRllY OF THE COCArCOLA COMPANY BY
ALBANY COCA-COLA BO'I‘TLING C0. \
© l950, The Coca-Cola Company

——‘;
\

 

 

()pcn l‘i\’t'lllllgﬁ Until 9:00

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
  

J

 

