 
  
   
  
 
   
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

‘ i
t
.5

. Maya"; .45. . .

 

*1  K

 ’COl'l'ege‘ News
superman iiv'rni; Curss or 1918

he Undergraduate Newspaper of New York
.-.State College for l‘encherl
'i -J _ THE NEWS BOARD A I ‘
tit .Hiuoius. . . .  .  .. . .  . . . .Editor-m-Chiel
( 550 Washington a enne. Welt 2095;]
 '. . . . . . . . . . .Biiriness Managn
55 50. Lake Ave., Welt 2"25-W I
AMiMme-zucia“..................Managmy Edam
Delta’lsho House; 480 Morris St., Wutﬂlld .
Kim-t PEETTEPLACE.......A.t'.l'0€lﬂft'.' Maria my Edlfat
, 3 syildum Hall,"227 Ontario St., West 2096-
Plﬂnislted ever- f'Frlilay in theucallege year by‘tl’le Editorial Board
prEsEntiilg the ﬁtudentx-A‘ssqciatlon. Subscriptions, #22; Kerr year,
Hingtg. uptel, ten cents”: Delivered anywhere in the Unite {'SCIIEI.

 

 

 

.F‘ptei'i as second class ina'ttet‘ ~at postol‘l‘ice, Albany, N.
..,,,... .. . . - ..s., ..

I-

   

Tlio News dues rioi nc'c lyicndnrse sentiments ex‘rreued In

gcbntpjbiitiqnssLNu eouunuuic ions .will be printed unleu e write"

"it ' ar‘e,lcft ‘Wlill the Editoriaﬁhref of the News. Anonymity
e, p ed, . . ..

  
  
  
  
  

f do desnrecl.

\inuicaN" nun “Pitch/titcn" Awanns,

.t. »c I. r. A.. 1927

’ is “Ancinc'A’s Bcsr TEACHERS Comm:
.\ ,v Sl'APliR," C. S. P. A.. l 7

IKE-4h» ii. unis Arr Puss. 194-396 llroadway—Mlin m7

" ‘N 'v. — May 18, 1928 Vol. XII, No. 32

, ,-. COLLEGE “MOVES UP" TODAY;
 PERPETUATES SELF
amour: College “moves up" today. 0
I the most ,important event of the day will be the
2iifii‘riing‘bf 'aI-irnewi Myskania to carry on the traditions
:oLthe‘rorganizalioiig' Student interest in the prospective
 members is great. Probably every student has in mind a
 “liétfﬁofupersons(whom lié-dhinks should be accorded mem-
;b:'ership: intth'ei orgahization.

 l:  slaimtgim‘lck new members from those who have
 dist’in:i%%$qtiiiii'i’i_syslyI’s1 in “scholarship, literary effort, de-
i batc,1drainatic§,?:a§:’ tics and in undergraduate affairs gen-
1! wall isms 'ptihlkajtionﬁbclicvcs that Myskania has well
6.41m l eria'fin gigyen years since it was founded.
 tliéiic ti'bgthithd'clmnce of error in omission and

-:n: , U

 

    

 

. in commis" '. no :ibl'll'l‘, ofls'selecting new members could
4 .. - ,2”, ., , ,
7 possibhyin'he .oe lfrom 'the- same chance or error. Fewer

errors are Wildeswmadc Lby the careful consideration
, giv’pn  ' if“ Hgmy—Suchcarcful study wouldnot
bygi‘cn’i . body the‘sizél, .f the student association. The
i utmdelﬁl’als ciation \iibirldr'nriore easily be swayed by cur-
! ' ' _,_. opportunisms.
W‘én . .ytlone well to recognize that as an
ably: kitlli?‘ has the inherent right to per-
..Tlid,,co‘i':t‘ilpi,ittcc,on adjustment for the stu-

il- ,ul . f‘ I . .
.l eitttctilpstituttoii did well not to tamper With the method
I ,, .4 a, ,,_   ., . . >
i .

  

   
   

  

   
 

= vim! ms Mokmﬁm -.  .
 ttg lcgc' a c ygxawaits the naming of the new
Myth It ’ i,the’s;trne well considered choices

 

 

 

. 5 M I
it that have gene‘r'élll Ehtira'ctcrizcd that body in the past.
It  . T—

jiDUrY ,thﬁb‘

 

it‘ro PRESENT NEWS;
anti 3, iaiiart’tnangilta' NEWS IS.

 

. A frgel Hegprlggs-‘iir,qnai,iy bursts of oratory been char«
-, a  iz'ctl   )p] w'er‘lﬁvonfla} democracy. By a free press
- i; ca‘ht".i‘"p csffllat" is dot’dependent upon domination by
L-aypyﬂliquﬁ-or criteria-in any manner. free press ex-
rnpresscs'the"opinion 'of‘its editors. A free press is not

 

     

 
 
  

  

i subs  .tiress1.preSCIits the news as it sees it,
 vii mint .w . I
:' Th COLL' prides itself on being a free

 

. iE
j'press. It isliot sgbscrvicnt. It has no faculty adviser to
,’, dictate its p c}? ‘ 'P'H’it‘” ollegc zulministration has com-

ii m d h , Di} tin). a‘t various timcs for its ability to
l pdﬁgﬁr‘héliﬂo'

 

 

 

  

‘0" Students in a manncr that does not
betray: the trust placed in it.
"""Phr'tfnwvbeli'cvcs in giving all news that it gathers
tlic,mtmoqmatothzu 'lllc t‘tlltu s believe that news is
$3“?  10‘s,; gtt times, errors in judgment are made.
 lS tie po icy or this paper to give the students news.
, News is debut as thosc currcnt happenings about which
.. the read ‘ (intuitnmv, about which he has not been
, previously tried.

The editors wcre somewhat surprised at the resentment
‘v-in‘ccrtain quarters last week at the spacc given to a certain

sports story. (hie writvr declares that it was placed along
with Nomi inconsequcutiiil bits oi information." As far
as a week y newspaper is concerned, that particular bit of
news came near to bciiig “inconscqucutiiil" in itself. One
can scargcly call the results of it wcck old game news, in
thc jou talistic scuse of tho word, “hot” llt:\\5. This is
espcciil yv truc whcn the reports of the game have been
adequately “covert-d" by lllc city press.

The Ni-us pridcs itself that it in not subscrvient to the
'athlclic iiiaiiiigruirnt, its siilllc of its rolli-giiitc t‘lnlttﬁlllpnF

arics set-m to be. This doc». not lllt’illl that the NEWS will
not pi'u storiesSgiboutﬂncn's :ithlctics. it means that thc
allilctic sports storirs will bc jiidgril by the same journal-
‘ ‘ ' innilards as olllcl' slurit's ri-in'hing llll' editorial tlcsks.
N'iiu'n llils no :uitngonion toward lhr athletes. ll

realizcd tIu-ir |lil|llt‘lllill iii-id in extinu‘urruubir activities.

llut it docs not crown illllll’llt's king.

1 . Tilt: Nu ' will mutinuu its polil'y of printing :ulcquiitc
'ailvaucc stoi'ii-s on tin: games. it Will continue printing any
new lights upon lllt' rri‘ent gillllt‘s that conic- to light. llut
it Would rousidcr the blind l‘t'|lt'lllliitl of reliashcd “follow
stories" on week old games a violation of its journalistic
standards.

The Nun's prides il‘il'll that it is not the “rah—rah" type
of "come out and support your team" publication. it has
grown front that juvcnilc, secondary school standard, The

. NEWS considers the presentation of nch its prime object.
’Ncws must Ctllllt' before the press agenting of any one
lactiviiy.

That the News plays an important part in undergraduate
jaliairs was doubtless shown by the comments rcccivcddiy
.{thc editor: from the men's locker room. It invites .mc

inmates ‘of that institution to its cl as in journalism next

'1.

    

 

 

  

 

 

,. fall. The standards of Journalism are taught there.

 

 

cram common NEWS,MAY 18, 1925

Chaperonage As A Safeguard Passes Amity;

PI GAMMA MU FILLS NICHE WELL

When Pi Gamma Mu recently elected eight students
members of the organization, it conferred upon those stu-
dents recognition for scholastic work in their science studies.
It accorded them "are honor of being afﬁliated with a na-
tional organization of leaders in the particular ﬁeld of
letters in history and its allied subjects.

Pi Gamma Mu well illustrates. the ﬁeld of departmental
honor societies at State College. The. society has a far
greater inﬂuence on its members than a loosely knit organi-
zation such as the weak Political Science club and its multi-
ture of halt sisters. A small organization can accomplish
far more than a large unwieldy club that welcomes anyone
on the payment of dues.

Pi Gamma Muhas well ﬁlled its particular niche at
State College this year. Membership in the organization
is an honor worth striving for.

 

 

DOLLY MADISON OUSTED INTO RAIN;
GROWLING BEARS JUST DON‘T BITE
Ry W.M. F

Dally Madison, The Nalian's Hostess. By Elizabeth Lip-
pincott Dean. 250 pages. $3. Boston: Lothrop, Lee
and Shepard Co.

The career of Dolly Madison as the hostess of a nation
spans several decades in the interesting years of the early
republic. There is somehow a fascination about this woman
—~one of the most charming and notable produced by Ameri-
can oﬂicial life.

This book starts with an interesting chapter on “Planta-
tion Days," which depicts life at the girlhood of Dolly in
a time before the industrialization of the more homely pur-
suits. l“rom the South, we accompany her to Philadelphia,
whereaiiothcr chapter adds atmosphere.

The reader will probably agree with the present reviewer
in saying that the chapters describing the adventures of the
ﬁrst lady when the capital was attacked by the British, as
the best of the book. She sacriﬁced her personal luxurious
gowns and turbans to afford the carrying of valuable state
papers and national property to places of safety. Just as
she was ready to set out in her coach, as the British were
entering the city, she spied the famous Lansdowuc portrait
of Washington and rescued it from possible mutilation or
destruction. In, the city of confusion, the. ﬁrst lady was
probably the most-calm and collected, we are told.
orbit anecdote is cltéd, in which air inn amazon ousts Dolly
because the master of the inn is away ﬁghting “hlr. Madi-
son's war." 50 out goes Dolly in the rain.

Since the book covers the entire span of her life, it is a
valuable commentary on customs and inventions during those
proliﬁc years. This department bclicves it the outstanding
biography of a woman in Amcricau semi-public life, this
season. The reasons are two: its subject, and its treatment.

 

 

Birds and Hearts of the Roman 100. By Theodore Knott-
ncrus-Mcycr. Translated by Bernard Miall. $4.00.
377 pages. New York: The Century Company.

This is truly a book for all animal lovers and students
of animal behavior. If you like to feed peanuts to the
elephants at the 100, or mayhaps watch the monkey family
in its cage, then this book will have a strong appeal. It
is written by an animal man with years oi experience in
the ﬁeld, who has scores of interesting anecdotes to tell
about the inmates of the zoo at Rome. In its pages we
meet Pippi and Grcti, Wilhelm and Lilli and others in

the “monkey paradise", which Herr KnottncrusMeyer de-

scribes. _

It appears that the axiom about barking dogs applies to
bears as well—at least in their associations with each other.
“So long as they growl and squeal as they wrangle, as
they do over every scrap of food, no danger uced to be
feared", we read. Then comes the story of the lfanovcrian
brown bear who disposed of his mate by the characteris—
tically homo sapiens method of throddliug her and drown-
ing her in a tank. Roman polar bears like the sun and
object to the icy waters in the winter—:1 uuitc rcmarkablc
instance of adaptation to environment.

A copy of this book is better th. :1 ticket to the circus.
We will wager that after the c - y interesting start on
the monkeys, the reader will continue with unubzitcd interest
through the chapters on the cat family, the ruminants, the
rodents. and many others.

Animals think, Dr. Knottncrus-Mcycr holds, ‘aezich, of
course, in its own fashion and according to the degree of
its mental development." The thought need not be concrete,
but may be abstract as well: “animals do possess a language
of sounds and gestures which expresses all possible feel-
ings. . . . What the animals luck is the power of hand-
ing down written thought from generation to gcncralion.
In this capacity resides a part of the vast superiority of
man.’

  

2
r:
r

l

Thu Greene Mimlt'r Curr, lly S.  Van l)ync. (hit! pages.
2. New York: Charles Scribner's Sous.

l’hilo Vance, the modern style dctcctivc of The ('imory
Miirdi'r Case and The Iii-mun [llnrdi'r Corr rciurns to his
pet avocation and is instrumental in solving a crinir of par»
tit‘ularly mystifying circumstances. 'l‘wo slsll‘l'a, Julia and
Ada (irccne, are murdered in their llUlllt‘ in Nin York city
during the middle of a night. A Stillll‘wlldl sllll‘l)‘l')’t‘ll,
pampered relative is tbc that to ill'll their rooms :iftt-r
the shooting. He calls tipoii lllL' (lisll'it‘t attornry, and l‘liilo
Vance, the intimate friend of the tiltot‘ut'y is thus brought
into the tale.

l’ronl the entrance of Vinicc and llh unique psychological
hypotlicscs sets the case il‘bPllllllllH, and action fairly ll‘illls
from the pages. l’hilo Vance may be cliziructt-i'izcil 2o. tbr
most promising recent recruit to that grcat fralcruity of
amateur detectivus; he is rcfrcshnigly lll‘W in his lllt'llmtl‘i
(line is compelled to think of the world renowned Slit-rlork
llolines. liut Vance plays fur lllUI‘t‘ upon psychology, and
not so much upon the discovery of physical l‘Vlllt‘IlL'L‘, llc
leaVcs that to the district attorney and the police sci‘gcauts.

(hie might term this book a dctcclivc story for tbc
intellcgt-nsia, if one wcrc not afraid of frightening away
the other readers who will enjoy it iinuiruscly. ll t'xt't‘t‘lls

r. Van Dyne’s previous endeavors in the llt'ltl of tlt'lct‘llvl‘
stories.

 

llids for the printing of the  us will be i'ercivrd m'xt
chk by the paper. Specifications Will he tlullt’t’l‘t’tl by
Katherine b. baxton, retiring business manager.

 

 

 

 

Youth And Age Should

Chaperonage as a safeguard is passing,
according to Miss Anna E. Pierce, dean
of women.

“Already society allows almost. com-
plete freedom from this COHVEHIIOII'VIIL
horseback riding, automobiling, boating,
attendance upon many forms of public
entertainment, and on other occasions
when young people are far removed
from adult watchcare,” Miss Pierce de—
clares in her new book for advisers of
women and girls, published last week.

Miss Pierce attributes the passing of
the inid~Victorian detcctivc type cha-
peronagc to several tendencies, including
the recent war, the new freedom of
women, the public press, moving pictures,
and the irresponsibility of parents.

“Never in the history of the world
have youth and maturity been able to
live without each other. Youth needs
the ripcr experience and judgment of the
mature to save it from the consequences
of its lack of both, while maturity needs
the optimism, fcarlcssness and buoyancy
of youth to counteract its growing con-
servatism and unprogrcssivencss,” Miss
Pierce writes in her appeal fro a closer
relationship between (leans of women and
their students.

Girls Defy Restrictions

“There is apparently an increasing
tendency on the part of youth to fail to
recognize this mutual dependence. For
a long time girls have been acquiring an
ever-enlarging freedom from both sti-
pcrvision and from obedience to restrict-
ing customs." Miss..Pierce believes.

She raps the growing tendency of
parents to be irresponsible in the affairs
of their dauglitcrs. “Parents in many
circumstances are weakly yielding to the
force of circumstances instead of be-
stirring themselves to make home and
community life what it should be to safe-
guard their children.

“"iL-y are choosing the 'laissez fairs’ inc~
thud, which may be the casicst way, but lllt‘

ASSOCIATION'S LEADER
WILL BE NAMED TODAY

(Continued from page I, column 4)
mounts to the ceiling and is re-ccliocd
thru the open windows. The remaining
ten. clcvcn or twelve members will be
"tapped" in the same fashion in alpha-
butical order. Thus step by step tlic
great strain of curiousity and anticipation
heavily pervading the auditorium will be
relieved.

The members oi Myskauia are chosen
for outstanding qualities of leadership in
athletics, dcbatc,,draniatics, scholarship,
literary effort and uiidergratluatc‘affairs
generally. The number varies from
elcvcn to thirteen.

lilost bets on the number to be chosen
this year seem to indicate that it will be
thirteen and that there will be more
men than on any of formcr ycars. Mys-
kauia of 1925 had one man, thos‘c of
19% and '27 had two each.

A dccado ago, ﬁve men as members
was not an uncommon record, The
pi si ssot'iation
is the only membcr of Mys iiit chosen
by virtue of ollicc. Thu result of tlic
clcction of student association president
is not revealed until :t fcw minutcs after
the tapping of Myskaniii members. Two
of the Myskania mcnibcrs beside the
president of tltc association, are elected
by the studcnt body. it is ucvcr divulgcil
by Myskiniia, who t' s rbargi- of the
balloting, who those two are. The re-
inznnnig nicinbcr zii'i- cli .‘cn by thc rc-
liring un-inbcrs of Myskaniii.

This ycar’s itlysknnia nicinbcrs arc
t‘lirissir ('urlis, Kathleen Doughty, liranv
(is 1",. (ii‘illin, Virginia l'i. Higgins, liit‘hr
.itd A. Ji'liscn, (fluirlottc Joni-s, l\'tlill
Linic, Ruth Moore, lVIiJI'ciicc l'otlt-i,
l\'.il|u'i‘ini- Siixton, Margaret Stonlcu-
bri'glt, itnil llctitrii‘c \\'rigltt lwclvt-
inrnibi-rs in it“. Last yi-iir's Myskania
had clrvt‘n Invinbci‘s. \Vill this yrnr's
have lbirtccn, :is many thinlt.’

    

 

r
,t

 

 

Cooperat --MissPierce

result, for the moment at least, in a lowering
the moral standards of girls in certain
directions." '

Dean Pierce believes that the dean should
plnoe herself in a position to counteract the
tendencies that are likely to lesson the moral

a
..

Astanding of the girls in her char ct. “It be

comes the duty of the dean, wm probably
sees the problem in all its aspects more clearly
than anyone else, to give serious study to Ihc
present day needs of our youn people, and
to 0th out to them the possibilities of ﬁnci
inn es of self expression.

Dean Understands Social Relations

“One reason that she can do this better
than others is that she understands the prin-
ciples underlying social relations, having 5pc»
cializcd in this particular field.

“To meet this situation, adults and deans
especially should use their inaturer judgment
and experience to evolve a plan for re»cstnb~
lishing among young people conﬁdence in adult
utlguient aiirl advice, and willingness to profit
iy it. Ins is a yo o no mean proportions,
and requires a widespread movement to ac-
coniilish it.

“ way that the dean has atleintpcd to
solve this problem has been by a s ‘ 'm
chapcronagc. In America this has never becli
carried to the length that it has in l-Zuropu
and other foreign countries "

'c s literal chapcronage must be furs
ihor iiiudiﬁed, if it is to survive, Miss l’it‘lk'l‘
declared yesterday. She liclicves that llu‘
(loan must face the problem squm'cly with tln-
knowledge that Cliaperoning must hereafter

l'.
new agency must he developed to talrv
its place, if the purpuSL maintaining and
cit-rating lllc standari of our young pcoplu
is to he realized, . 'ss l’icrce said, in point
mg out that cooperation must he expected llt“
twccii youth and maturity in the matter of
social affairs.

Do Not Force Chaperonage

t'outli will come to icalize that certain

social conventions are ss ry, but must
not have chaperonagc forced upon it, shr
thinks.

.llcsides dealing with chapcionage,
ll’lchE discusses in her new book several ollici
live problems for deans and ad" . l i~
named“ in “Deans and Advisers of Worm-n
and is Unl.‘ of the liisi hooks lo
adequately deal with the problems of llll‘
tlcnlla,.aulllot'iliu§ sa '.

.-\n‘introduction to the cht was wntiun b)
lr. l-rank l’ici-rejioiit (Eran-s, state coininis
siunci of or ‘ r. "hi: book was publish a
by the Ill’rofcssiunal and Technical l’r" \iu
\ork Lily, and was printed by the L iatiain
l’rcss. (.‘halham.

STONE AND GARDNER
ARE VICE-PRESIDENTS
WITH DOYLE, BATES

(Continued from page l, coiuniii 3)
Mcrcero, 'Jll; reporter, (iladys liatt‘s,
'JU; chaplain, Florence Rickard, '30;
marshals, l'lclen l‘iintnerson, '51 and
Clara llelle Shutts, '3l.

The officers of Psi (iantina arc: vicr
presidcnt, Helen Stone, '29; stcwardcw
lilezinor Welcli, ’2‘); treasurer, Doris
Mallory, '29; corresponding secretary.
lictty knife, '2‘); recording secretary.
iracc Seaman, 'JU; chaplain, llclcil
O'Donnell; marshals, Martha Hows
land, '31 and Alice llcnuctt, '3].

Dorothy lloylc, '2‘), is llic ncwly
‘tctl viceqircsidcnl oi Chi Sigma
'l'bctii. The other officers are: secre-
tiiry, Jane J. l"orinin1cl<, '30; tri-asnrcr,
Aunc T. Moon, ‘30; stewardess, lilor
rncc .'\. Kocn, '29; reporter, Alice M
liasolilt, '.il', critic, Juanita A'll‘liill'l},

 

 

 

  

F

 

  

 

 

5.3

The sub-ilcnii of Alpha lipsiloii Mn
is l“l|ll'L‘lllt‘ liisrlu‘r, '3‘); the siiibr,
lit‘!‘ll'tl(lt‘ llriislow, '2‘).

tininniit Kappa l‘lii elected the fol
lou'uig: \’ll‘t‘»lll'(‘$lill‘lll, llcntrii'c Mr
Vorty,‘ '3'), corresponding scci‘clai'y,
tuthi-rlnc "i'liols, 'J‘I; i'ei‘oiiling sri
ri'lary, Joyce llousc, Kill, trcnslli'i-i',
.\l:|l‘lt~ lliivkii, '3”; rcporlcr, Nell-I
.\llll|‘l" '.il, iiiiirshitls, liduii l\l1lt‘ l"il/
paliu'k '.il and l'.lllll)' Luck, 'ill.

lit-ta Zulu clc'tcil: \'lt‘l‘-lll'(‘hillt‘lll,
d'lill'llil (iillllllt‘l‘, Ii' lnlll’t‘l', lilll'ln
llllt‘ llolllit't‘lt, .il); Si'ri't'tni'y, ('zlllt
l'llllt‘ llillllnt‘Wlll’lll, '.ill; :iluinuiic sct't‘r
tnrv, I‘Eh‘nnoi Milli-r, '.lll; chaplain,
l\'nlli lwlsi-v, Ill; marshals, l'risrilln
lliininit-rsli-y, '.ll itlltl Marjorie Hun
baiti, Kil

llll‘ iilliii'i's liii' l’lli llt‘llil ; 'i':1ni'si
ilt'lll, lurrlyn McNit'Irlc; \’lt't‘ pi'i-sidi'ul,

    

 
 

ANNOUNCE itivitLRv RESULTs, “Mm-o Maynard, to, .»....v...,......i...,;

it'onlinin-il lioin paur l, tullllllll Si

.‘\llllltllllt‘l'lllclllh 'l'l‘ilc Song, l’ri/c
Stunt, lntrr class lx'ivalry.

Scinor traditional song, "sh Yr Sow"

l":iri'wc|l songs to Scuiois.

Stop songs.
hi-iiior song, "Swallows llip in TM
light."

Moving-Up day song.

llant'ing and rcficslnucnls in tlic gyui

i~ Eleanor Vail, '1‘), chairman of
.ieslnnents; [Eunice (Jillirrt, '.ltl, and
Ruth Kelsey, 'dl; Dorothy ltabic, ’38,
chairman of music.

  

BIOLOGWTB To ELECT
’l'hr new officers 'in Biology rliib
Wlll be elected llus spring at lllt‘ club's
annual picnic zit,l.ittlg's ppnd.

 

.ri'irtarv, lll'lllll't' \.iii Sii‘lth‘, '3‘}.
irioiiliiig \l‘t’ll'ldl')’, l\'.il|ii-iinv lx'iuc
gl‘l, '.ll, Iii-iisiiii-i', lx'utb \'.iii \'l.iili,
.lll, iii.ii.~.b.‘tl, .\l.iiJoiir \\‘;ii|r, 'J‘J

lln' l‘l Alpha 'l‘au Ulllt'l'lh .ii'r. pri-si
lll'lll,‘lit'nhlt‘ Lapi‘irs, '1‘); M’Ht'ldl'i.
llciiiIt-ltii (iaslwilllt, '2‘); lrvusuici,
llllll‘ Paul, '2‘); sulrlrrnsincr, Syl\i.i
.‘tliiiitill, '.ll; housi- ninniigi‘i', Sully
m‘liopuo, ’1‘), ii-poilt-i', ltosi- llllllllll‘l,

lhr i-lliivis ol Alpha liho arc. prt-sl
llt'lll, liulli la, lliili-s, ‘3'), vice-tn‘cni‘
llt'lll, ilt'lt‘ll littviilson, 29' “ch y,
llclcn ii. out, tn; tool secretary.
Marjoric LC. Kctrhiun, '30; “Wither.
ldelbi ll )l'osiniin. 'Jtl, reporter, Dunno
\uo (ainpbe’ll, '.ll; i-liaplaio, Lenoir
ti, 5. llutcliilison, '2‘); house pi‘c-sidcnt
.\nnc bchiicidci', ’d'). I

 

 

