law
m

4’

, By MINDY wnnsnnw

ODD DREAMS DEPARTMENT

My roommate tells me she had a nightmare about
the Soul last night. Roomie won't say just what her
dream was about, but all I know is there was a large
thud as she hit the floor, and then I heard her cry,
“No, don’t do it, Sam. I’ll take the chocolate cake,
honest I will!”

IS IT TRUE WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT FRENCH
GIRLS?

Maxie Braun, ’45, sent home a whole pack of snap-
shots taken in France. Some of the pictures were of
Max. Some of the pictures were of girls. (Some of
the pictures were of Max and girls.) After glancing
through the snapshots, I guess it’s safe to say, “Yes,
it’s true what they say about French girls,” for on the
back of the picture of one particular lass, Max had
written, “Boy, can this one cock!”

MISTAKEN IDENTITY .

Last week’s column read something to the effect
that one Carr Pangburn is coming home soon. Well, it
was an error. Carr Pangburn is not coming back soon.
Carr Pangburn is back. In fact, he was here when the
NEWS went to press. In two facts, he was standing
not more than ten feet away from the typewriter while
I was busily banging away about how Carr Pangburn
was going to be back soon (well, can I help it if he
didn’t come into the PO yelling his name out loud?)
Anyhow. it still proves the point that State’s men are
coming back, so what's the difference?

MORE GOOD NEWS

Buck Hippick, ’45, is here visiting old State friends.
He may get a discharge soon and he May resume stu-
dies at State . . Ed Holstein, '42, former NEWS
editor, is home on leave (after being stationed in that
hot spot Miami Beach) and he may be here to see old
friends soon . . . Marshall Ackerman, ’46, (who met
both Dean Nelson and Dr. Hastings in an English
University) may be home in the Fall . . . (But Momma,
there’s just one thing I wanna know—who is this
May they're all raving about?)

NEW JOB

Stan Abrams, ’46, is busy training for an important
job as part of the “Special Intelligence Tasks Section
of Austria." See, we always said State men were 50
per cent more intelligent (than State women . . .l
Stan’s doing a little detective work on the side over
there. His intuition tells him Hitler isn’t dead, and
Stan’s kinda snooping around so he can find Adolph
and bring him back as a souvenir (with stuffing.
please . . . J

SOB STORY

Poor Shirley Pussow! Her husband, Lt. Harry Pas-
sow has been away in the Marshalls for the longest
time and now he's home and Shirley had to go meet
him and she's missing all her assignments! Well,
enough kidding around—welcome home, Harry.
MEET THE LADIES

l’vf. Liz McGrath. ‘46. is doing seine special lruin-
ing down in iowa, but she doesn't say jusl whul lhe
speciul lruining is Ithey must be inventing something
to oude the atom bomb) Ioh, I f'orgol—wlhc wur's
over . . . J

l’vt. Milo: Buetow is also in Des Moines, Iowa. l)lll. il.
seems no one has heard from her lately, so I can'l
write u lol. of stuff about whol nobody knows about
(yeah? I been doin' all right . . .I

Mury Hayes, '47, now a WAVE. expects to be home
on leave soon.

NEWS ()l" ANDY

A letter written by lhc Missus in Augusl disclosed
that Lt. Andy ’l‘akus was boarding the ship for home.
which is where he oughlu be i'lghl now if evcrylhing
turned out all right. Gee. wonder whul il's like lo
come home and find 21 lilllc duughlcr wniling for
you. . .

“’(iltlil) UNITY BEGINS AT HOME

Inl‘crgroup Council. Stillil's newesl organization, is
really pulling its nose lo lhe grindslone. The Council
was organized last. year in order in dclerminc und
actually work on ways that. we, as future leuchers,
can help erase intolerance and subslilule undcrsliind-
ing in its place. It will function in the College and iii
the community. Yesterday Stole sludenfs interested
in helping further the orgai’iizulion's purpose hnd an
opportunity to sign up for work on the Council. Pluns
are already made for l.hc year's work. On Novombcr
2 and 3, there will be on infer-College Conference
at State which will explain the Council’s funcllons
to representatives from eleven olher slate feuehers'
colleges. Speakers. including Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt.
will be present. The Conference will be open to all,
including Slate students and the Albany public. There
will be more detailed news on the conference in the
near future.

ANECDOTE

Once there was a burgler. He was a very bad
burglar. One nlte he had a vision of the devil and
got so frightened, he promised he'd reform. “From now
on," he were to the devil, “everything is strictly
Hiroshima!" (on the lcVei-get it?)

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. SEPT. 28, 1945

Betty Hamilton, ’46, Grand Mar-

‘shal, has announced the Campus

Commission rules for this year as
follows:

Annex: .
1. Each student is responsible for
his own refuse disposal.

2. Matches and cigarette butts,
garbage, ‘and bottles must be placed
in the receptacles provided.

3. Smoking is permitted within
the annex and cafeteria areas.

College Grounds Regulations:
1. Do not cut across the lawn.

2. Do not eat lunches or drink

coke on Campus.
3. Don't throw papers on grass or
around walks. '

Coke Machine:

1. Coke is not to be taken out of
the Commons, and bottles are to be
returned to the racks.

Commons:

1. No eating of any kind what-
so-ever in the Commons is permit-
ted.

2. Matches and cigarette butts
are to be placed in the ash trays.

3. Dancing is permitted from 12-
12:35 on weekdays and from 3130-5
p. m. on Fridays.

4. Piano cannot be used unless
permission had been granted by
Jean Elting, ’47, chairman of the
Commons.

Hall:

1. No smoking permitted.

2. Do not gather in corridor be-
tween periods.

3. Single file down annex stairs
and do not block the stairs.

4. Please place paper in
receptacles, not on floor.

proper

Locker Room:
1. No smoking.

 6mm Ruled

2. Leave suitcases in shower

room.

Lounge:
1. No smoking at any time.
2. No eating at any time.

3. The Lounge is a place for so-
cial relaxation and study, not
sleeping.

4. No amorous manifestation.
5. Radio should be played softly.

Mail Boxes:

1. All notes sent through student
mail must be at least 2"x4” when
folded and dated on the outside.

2. No 3"x5" cards are to be used,
as they are to be used solely by
the administration.

3. No books are to be returned
through student mail boxes.

4. Outside of note must contain
the name, class and date.

5. No stickers are permitted on
boxes.

Posters:

1. Paper: no grey, green, or blue
—-unless class color.

2. Size: 1/2 size for meetings, full
size for advertising.

3. All posters must be approved
before they are put up. Shall be
apprOVed at 9 and 12 by Poster
Committee or the Grand Marshal.
They can also be approved by Miss
Ruth Hutchin.

Publications Office:

1. No one but the members of the
News Board are to be in the PD.
on Thursday from 10:30 a. m. to
1:00 p. m.

2. Students are not to use the
PC. for a cloakroom.

3. Matches and cigarette butts
are to be placed in ash trays pro-
vided and never thrown on floor.

4. Papers are to be thrown in
baskets provided for that purpose.

 

college Glade-«1M

By IIONEYCOMBE & NIELSON

 

Continuing in the vein of last
week's column suggesting improve-
ment in college activities, we shall
make a brief survey of sororities.
First we should like it understood
lhul. we do not advocate the aboli-
lion of" these organiml‘ions, but an
improvement in their policies and
procurement of members.

The first fullucy in the set up is
the shorl and immediate rushing
period. In this lime umicrclussincn
base their selection mainly on f'irsl’
impressions and hcresay. This con
und oflen does chungc us lhc ycur
progresses. Thus the freshmen who
has cycry uifcnfion showered upon
her of lhe beginning of lhc ycui' muy
find herself completely ignored us
lhe l‘csull of lhe second view of' the
field. On the olhci' hund, inuny
f'i'osli who are polenliul friends and
good (:(illl'lzl‘ cilizcns are overlooked
us sororin inulcriul. An ullcnipl wus
mode in corrch lhis by uincnding
lhc sororily rule in include five nd~
dilionul members of life beginning
of second semcslci', all which lime
bids would be given old.

In diugnosing Illi‘ rush period if-
sclf' we find muny unfair and un—
democratic meihods employed. We
realize lhol llicre ure mnny liniil-
ulions pluccd by on efficient in-
lei-sororin Council which make clif-
fhroul. rushing impossible. llochci'.
pni'lly bccnuse of lhcse rcsli'iclions
pclly rushing inelliods :ll‘l' life more
obvious. To cite un insluncc, scvri'ul
uppcrclussmen dush lo school of
7:30 in order lo be lhc l'ii'sl in gel
in illl orul lunching bid. Anolhcr

The Weekly Bulletin——

Hopi. 2N l'lnss of 'lx \vclv-onu-s l‘rosh
ol u receplion in Mice Hell of flzlill
l‘..l.
Sepl. Uh liilh-l will hold ils unnunl
rom-plion for freshmen in lln- Lounge
HI 5200 I'.M.

h'epl. Jill Nl-wninu ll'ii for l'rosli of.
3:01) I'.M., Smoker ill Hzllli l'..\l., New:
nnin llull.

lief. I

Ite-olecllons l'or Vlcc-l'i‘l'ub

petty grievance is the removal of
competitive luncheon notes before
twelve, and later returning them to
mail boxes. These very methods may
be the causes for a {freshmen‘s
choice. A longer period of rushing
linzc would lessen the concentration
of" those fresh who had made favor-
able firsl impressions, and elimin-
ul.e the nccessily for employing dras-
lic rush tactics.

in conjunclion with u lengthen-
ing of the rushing time. we would
suggest illill raising of the mom.
bership quolu by individuul sorori-
lics. More freshmen would be known
by uppci'clussmen by lhc end of first
seincsler und :1 grcufei‘ number de—
sired us sororin members.

Since criticism should be con-
.~;lruclivc we should like to poinl oul
some of lhe udvunlugcs provided by
lhc prescnl sororin system. Sorority
membership develops u ('lllilll‘l'illIVl'
ulliludc by colleclive supporl of cur—
l'l‘lll college ci'nsudcs. l‘l provides

moons of conipl-lilion lhi‘ough
ll'fllll gulncs und scholeslic compell—
lion which schcs lo innkc slundurlis
higher if llll‘. coinpelllion does not
gel oul of" bounds. Another very
grcnl. udvunluge is life sorority proc-
lisc of conlinuing fhcli‘ close confucl
wilh nlliiiinl.

Here we lnlve presench lhe sor-
ol'ily sillililion us we see ii iii pres-
cnl. We believe find. the lime for
life discussion of sororin benefits
and oulslunding fulfils should be
here und now before the whirlwind
rushing inukcs dispussionulc lhink-
lng impossible.

III'III of l'olil-gi- Playhouse in room ‘Jlill
:Ii Iiollll.

icl. L' “l'l'lll'll hour of noon in room
'Jll.

ln-l. :l SI‘A generol incl-ling ul Hzllli
l'..\l. in [he Lounge.

llcl. I l'onnnerce l‘lnh will Welcome
l'i'cshnn-n ill. ll fell in llie Lounge of
3:30 I'.M.

(Ii'l. Id Hororlly open houses.

I
Veteran’s Verdict

Gradually men, the hitherto relatively unknown
quantity, are returning to State. Those who took
the khaki and the gun instead of cap and gown Will
soon. become familiar sights on the campus. A few
have already enrolled, and are already successfully
on their way. Of those visiting and deciding wheth-
er or not to return to State, some are sufficiently
satisfied, others look around with bewilderment
and some small feeling of regret. For the majority,
the men who left while there still lingered ele-
ments of normality about the campus. there remains
little of the status quo as they knew it. Even the
water fountains are now working . . .

They come back in ones and twos, and are faced
with huge problems. The accelerated tempo of
military life lends little support to a life of study
and relative inactivity. There are two or three
or four new classes present. Many new people.
There exists for each one the problems of the
freshman multiplied, but the feeling of being a
group with the same problems and same fields to
conquer is strangely lacking.

It’s a challenge to the returning veteran.

And it’s a challenge to the faculty and student
body of the college. The G. [’5 Bill of Rights of-
fers higher education in practically any institu-
tion of his choosing. To make this college one de-
sirable scholastically, socially, and athletically is
your problem.

The veteran does not want a soft touch. He does
not expect a separate set of grades applied to him.
He wants to be confronted with the same equal
competition that he met and successfully defeated
on the battlefield. He wants to enter or re-enter
the wiser for his travel and experience, and to fit
gently and quietly into the new routine.

Fraternities must take their former place as or-
gans of college social life. True there are organiza-
tions present which attempt to substitute for the
traditional frat. But with an increasing mule en-
rollment, their purpose will be nullified. The fru-
ternities should be reorganized as soon as possi-
ble, so that this vital function of college life is
open to the veteran upon his return.

A varied intercollegiate sports program should
be initialed as soon us umplc mule enrollment wur-
i'unls if. With u keen competitive spirit fresh in
the minds of the returnees. an ample sporls pro-
gram would brove. both beneficial lo the individual
and the college, und its success cunnof bc doublcd.

That's the story. It's not 21 mulfcr of merely gcl-
ling more men in school. It‘s not a matter of in-
creasing the enrollment. It‘s an obligufion on file
purl of every individqu ulrcudy present. [is :1
step lowurds :1 much nccdcd school spirit. The
forlhcoining y‘ui‘. with the influx of nude person-
ncl, will determine jusl how much more cnbunccd
will be your social life. \vhul kind of u Home in
sports Sfulc will liuvc, uud how well you, us lose-
pliinc College, will meet und gi'ccl your homc—
coming Joe.

_I. .\II(‘ll.\lCl. IIII‘I’H'K

 Bennembrance

We'd like In know whul's going to huppen lo file
Fig fl funds this year. Muny sludcnls will full lo
onlronixc llll‘ pi'csenlulions bccuuso lhc wur is over
:md lhcv hove losl llll'll' puli'iolic splurge. We'd like
In remind lhcsc silldcnls. howovcr, lhnl there will slill
he 'v'clci'uns' liospiluls lll dire need of i'l'ci'cufionul
incililles. And flu-n llll‘l‘“ is file Sludcnl Union. 11ch
\\‘c fergollcn Illill illl'czldy?

If. I
SAWS)".

 

STATE CCLLEGE NEW"?

Established May 1916
By the Class of19|8

Hcpli-mbcr Elli. 1:145 No. :3
lIl~ll‘llliilor

,\-.».,i. l‘ollwgiuli- lllgcsl
l’llo- llllll‘l'l'ul'liiliJlI' nw\\‘~li:i|n-r of [he \l-u' Yuri. Slull-
loner lor 'l'l-o'hcrs: pl'hllsllexl i-rcry ll‘riduv of lhc l‘ol
cg.- \l'.||' In llll‘ .\'l-)\\'.\‘ llonrd I'or lho .‘~‘ln.ulenl .\s~=ol'lu-
llull l'lllllll'~ llcrl-rII-h. ‘_' Ill‘JIi, (I‘M/ll. ii.‘.l.'.7'..\: I"cul'>, L' 27.31

\i: IIlln-l'

lll‘ll i'u. l‘;_’l lil- l'l'cw

 

The News Board

ELIZABETH s. O'NElL . .
JOAN D. BERRRICH
lSABEL FEAR

JOSEPHINE MAGGID

MARY SULLIVAN

KATHRYN HAGERTY

LOIS HOLBTEIN

MARY TESBIER

EDI'I'OIl-III‘CIIIEI"

- ColeUlTOIi-IN'CIIIEI’
HUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

atria» 2

All couununlcllllons should be llddrosscd lo the cdllor and
must be signed. Niinies will be withheld upon request.
The S‘I‘A'I‘lﬂ COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
us such expressions do nol necessarily reflect lls View.

New Members
Augment Faculty
For Coming Year

Lester, Taylor Return
After Special Leaves

Ten new members have been add-
ed to the State College faculty this
year. They include former mem-
bers who have been discharged from
the service, new instructors, and
substitutes for those who have left
on special leaves of absence.
Return From Service

Two members of the faculty have
returned from military leaves of ab-
sence this fall. Dr. Carolyn Lester,
who has been serving as a Lieuten-
ant in the U. S. Coast Guard, will
take up her duties as Instructor in
Mathematics. Dr. Wallace Taylor,
who was formerly 9. Lieutenant in
the U. S. Army, will resume his
duties as Assistant Professor and
Supervisor in Milne School in So-
cial Studies.

There are also eight new faculty
members. Miss Ruth A. Blaine has
accepted the position of substitute
instructor in Music in Milne School
during the military leave of Roy
York, Jr. Miss Blaine holds a
BS. in Education from the
University of Vermont and the M.
A. in Music Education from the
Teachers’ College. Columbia Uni—
versity. She has had several years
of experience teaching music in
Vermont, Maine. Massachusetts
and New Hampshire.

Robert L. Brandaur will be sub-
stitute instructor in Science in
Milne School during the military
leave of William Fullagar. Mr.
Brandaur holds the BS. degree
from Ursinus College, Pennsylvania
and the M.S. degree from Cornell
University. He has taught at Cor-
nell University, al‘. Robert College.
Turkey, and at Whitney Point, New
York.

Dr. Roland C. Burton comes as
substitute professor in English in
the college during Dr. Harry Hast—
ings' leave of absence for one year.
Dr. Burton holds the 13.8., the
Bachelor of Music. and M.A. de-
grees from the University of 111-
inois, and the PhD. degree from
the. Univcrs.fy of Iowa. He has
tuuglil in lllinois. in New Jersey.
and for the pool Sl‘.\"."l“.ll yours ut
the State Teachers" College, Oswe-
go. N wv York.

Spanish instructor

Francisco J. Curdonu is the new
ill>.il‘l"..‘lfll‘ in Spunfh in file mill-:0.
He holds the 13.8. dcgi'ce from I‘l:ll'~
l'ui'd University .nid liic M.A. from
Ccllunbiu Unil'l't‘sily

Lil'cnc l...'\‘i'c'.lcc l'l'l‘l‘l his uc~
cc, 'i the l :si.iii :i l;: 'lll" ‘n‘ of
l‘:l“"li ll in Milii- occupicll by \Vlil'-
rm. 1.. neurone Ill lea-i. .1 iii A.
is. .1: :ill‘ ll'lllll l-lolj. (‘l'lhim llll‘ l.l.,
l3. l...m lv‘ whom ll.n\.cr.~.:l_\ illlll
lllc .-‘..'.\.‘i :i'....! I’lldi" l‘ollc’w'. ;\l—
bully. Fiv- ‘ - l.|;‘lll hull iii New
York L‘vluln :ll”l in MllHlill'Il.

3.i::.(,‘.‘.l_-l‘ I‘l.Iiill‘1.\\'ll.l\\.lll)l
.ll'xdlllll" ln-‘ 'icloi‘ in I‘llll‘dih‘ll in
.ch collcua lilo. lzllllllll in New
if:i\".i. ("will :Illi‘l .il lienssi'ldcl‘
I’l‘l‘xili‘ll‘l’l lll-I.lll'.l'. 'i‘i‘m Hill-
il‘ l. 11w \,ii. lll“l'l‘l' li'ltin Welles-
l-j {.liiu :in;l life .‘\..\I decree
l'lllll ‘i’irlv Uli‘w-z'nilj.
ill". .‘l'cii .‘Il'NiiIl

liz‘ N.il .\ .\lcN.ill. will) lilulc Av
.‘lloilllll I’l‘i‘ll'h'dil' Ill llislsn'y during
iii. lnll.l:lty ll'll‘.' of Dr. Iiiilil‘l'l
fin-now. in». l.i'.'.:.-,ln ill the Ulll\'l‘l'-
sily ol Vcrmonl, L‘lJI'Ill'll ilnivei'sfly,
:liid \A/l'nillllllhll'i' College. I‘cnn. l)i‘.
fVil'Nulf lichls llll‘ ILS. ill l'Idlll'ulioii
:linl llll' NLA dcgrccr. from file
Universily of Vci'nlrnu ond lhc Mi.
1). degree from Cornell Univci'sllv.

Murgurcl Wugner comes us l.ib—
rui‘y Assislunl. und holds file All.
degree from Cui'lhugc Collcgc, Ill-
inois und 15.8. in fibrin-y Science
from Columth Univm‘sily. in addi—
lion in foul-hing experience she lius
held librury posilions in Erie, Penn-
sylvuniu ond in Port Jervis. New
York.

Frederick To Represent Stole

Dr. Robert Frederick will repre-
sent. State College at a meeting of
Superintendents of Schools of the
State of New York next week. This
three—day meeting will be held at
the Somme Inn.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPT. 28. 1945

GW—

 

Chrismas Surprise Ahead;

Calendar Changes Mode

Ever heard the old saying “No
news is good news?” Well, ’tain’t
so, ’cause here's some that will
sound like music to your ears.
Get ready to heave a sigh of
relief. ‘

Dr. John M. Sayles, President
of the College, has announced a
change in the college calendar.
Christmas vacation will start
December 21 at 5:25 PM. and
classes will resume January 8.
at 8:10 am. instead of January

2.

This is an extension of six
days over the previously an-
nounced schedule in the Catalog
and the Freshman Handbook.
As a result of this change, mid-
year exams will begin at 9 am.
January 22, a day late.

Which means you will all have
an extra night to leisurely peruse
your books before going to your
doom.

O.K.—exhale.

Dickson To Sing
AI Sioie Concert

Music Council will bring Donald
Dickson, baritone, to State College
on October 12 at 8:30 p. in. in Page
Hall for its first concert of the
year, Mary Louise Casey, ’46, Presi-
dent, has announced.

Mr. Dickson has appeared on
such radio programs as the Kraft
Music Hall, the Chase and Sanborn
Hour, the General Motors Program,
and the Coca-Cola Hour.

Mr. Dickson's program will in-
clude a number of unpublished Ain-
erican songs and a selection of
German numbers. His accompanist
will present renditions from De-
bussy.

Admission will be by student tax
ticket.

Second Concert

For its second concert of the your
Music Council will present Dr.
Charles Stokes, Professor of Music,
as guest violinist. Mrs. Charles
Stokes will accompany Dr. Stokes
in their November concert.

Dr. Stokes gave his first concert
at Slate last year when he rendered
selections of both the violin and
viola.

Dr. Stokes came to State College
two yous ugo from the Cincinnati
Conservatory of Music. where he
wus in charge of music education.
Dr. Slokes was first presented to
life s;‘.l::lenl body when he directed
ilil‘ production of “The Mikado."
'l‘l‘ls was the first appearance of un
ci‘cnc l::l-le-compunicd opci'eltu.

lii'. ‘..l‘ll Zlii's. Stokes llll\'l‘ uppcur-
(d in recitals in Ohio, Kcnlucky.
Arkansas, New erxico. and Texas.

Contractors Plan Tea
To Welcome Freshmen

(Joullnulci's' (‘Iilb will hold u fell
in mi: ox. .ltc freshmen ’l‘hui':~duy
l‘l'll,.li :mi 15:30 1). ill. in ..;lll)
l{"llil'lii us well :1. coin-
-: l.il in noun ore invilcd
..l’ll-;. i...‘.'. ‘-lli. pi'c:.idi-ln of [lip
‘. .‘.I:. .liill .'Ill'l'.l :hul ll.llll'iIIH
lll.".l.ll§itilllli ::l‘c sl'lil'llllll-d.
v'v. ~-l;.o.=..:. \\‘lll be sl'l‘H'il buffel
,i- to czl.lliil- ilic cut-sis lo cul uiid
if life l‘l'ilil‘lililiilll‘lll ill llll‘
‘»illl‘.. liinc.
1.1: .‘ Ifil‘l‘

"’ ck.

lit-mix llil‘ l'l'l‘l‘])lll)ll
l“.’.'lli We Aim i'cl'l'niiig ili'l‘ Ids—
if. 1' :illn'i ll: '»ili. .Iuiicl Wullin.
l’im-iu (fine. :inli l’)li\c Mucliou—
all. .llllldil’ﬁ, uni Jinn liill'lllllll. '-lii.
'l‘ne club Iliil-l'iii. ’l‘runsf'cr 'i‘onnny,
will be lil'l‘wl‘llf bill nol visible lo
o ~..—c.omnulcrs.

A’Il'llll.)l'l'.\' of [he enlei'luinnienl
.-.:1nnnllec ill'i‘ Mui'y Romp, '47.
"liillllllilll. .Illlli‘ licekci'. '40, nnd
.Juhii (if‘ll.|\l‘wl' und Juncl. .lohnslon,
‘ﬁ'Jlllllillllll'l’h

Audrey liopp, “l7. is chuirnuin of
llil‘ refreshment commillcc. Serving
on her eolnlnillcc ui'c ltulh Curd,
'~lli, (.‘urolyn Vundcrbflt, Shirley
Dixon. und Mui'gui'cl llollgicl',
Sophomores.

Mlii'iunno Ncise und Louise Slry-
kcr. Juniors, ill'l' in clini'gc of the
publicily.

Noi'inu l’unchuk, '47, newly clcct—
cd Vice—l-‘l'esidenf of the clllb, is
slunding chairman of all the coin-
inittecs.

This year Commuters Club is
seeking over fifty f'i'eslnnen recruits.
They are discussing the possibility
of getting small pins to identify
themselves as members of the com-
niuting student body at State.

Labor In Politics
To Be Discussed
By State, Union

Debate Council has tentatively
scheduled a debate with Union Col-
lege for Thursday at 4 p. in. in
Room 20, Richardson. Marianne
Davis, president, announced that
the topic will be: “Resolved: That
Labor Unions Should Play a Part
in Politics.”

State will be represented by Rita
Schapiro, ’48, and Mary Ellen Die-
ner, '47, who will take the negative.
Judges will make the decision after
the rebuttal.

Miss Davis announced further
plans of the council at a meeting
last week. Seven debates will be
scheduled during the school year,
including one during an assembly
program. Invitations have been
sent to several colleges and as soon
as responses are received the time
and place of the debates will be an-
nounced.

Current topics were suggested as
the best debating material at the
meeting. The group also plans to
include some topics on the lighter
side. These "laboratory" debates
will be informal and offer the audi-
ence an opportunity to participate.

The lifting of travel restrictions
will make possible more out-of-town
debates at other colleges and will
enable interested students to go
with the teams and witness the
event.

The council has also announced
plans concerning freshman interest-
ed in the group. Classes will be
held each week, if possible, on the
technique of debating. In these
classes the freshmen will learn the
rules of debating and will get ac-
tual practice by forming teams
within the group. Freshmen will
also be able to participate in the
laboratory debates and meet teams
from other colleges.

Miss Davis stated that Debate
Council would also like to sponsor
inter-club events in school, with
topics pertinent to each organiza-
tion. A calendar with the date,
time. place, and topic for each event
will soon be set up in the debate of-
fice in the Commons.

Press Bureau Lists

Members Of Board

Officers for the new school year.
‘4Q-‘46, have been announced by
Fress Bureau. in eCollege‘s public-
ilj; agency.

Newly elected heads of the organ-
izuiion are: Director. Teresa Jon-es,
‘46; Assislunt Director, Clyde
Cook. ‘47; Secretary-Treasurer.
C;lill(‘i'lllL‘ Guido. ‘47; Corresponding
Secretory, llclen Kisicl, '48. Other
l‘il'iillhl'n ui'c Phyllis Col'pcnlci‘.
auburn Currier. Mzn'iunne Davis,
lilizcubclli Huinillon. Seniors; Alice
lief-lien. Audi'cy Cox. Dolores Guns-
 Annc Musli'ungclo, Sunlinu
.‘l1‘lil. P.111‘iciu Shel-hon. iichurd
SinLIh. Bl'l'ilill Wukin. Juniors; und
Mm}: Flcniinal. Jouu (lrecn, Jurnlilu
.luncl‘k. lil‘ll‘ll Kisicl, Rillh Oh-
bin‘nc, S;)'.rl..)moi'cs.

The Lions of l’i'css llurcuu ore to
publicize curriculur und cxl.ru—
l‘lll'l‘ll‘lllfll' uclivilies bolh in lorul
newspapers and in the home lown
ppm“. of Hillll‘ sludi-nls.

Seniors To Register

Miss Mary Albcrl, hcod of Hiudcnl
ll‘mplln‘lncnl llurcuu. lius urged ull
sun; on unzi (lruduulc Sindcnls who
:ll'l' iulci'cs‘i-d in obluining posilions
lhi'ouzh HIudl-nl lalmployincnl llu-
l'l‘illl lo :ll'l‘lill u niceling ’l‘uesdny
:ll ililll) p. in in room 20.

Honeycombe Chosen Editor

Hi‘ll‘ll lCh-nnor l-loncycoinbe. '47,
bus bccn innned Uiidcrgl'uduulc Edi-
for of file New York Shch College
Alumni Quurtcrly for lwo years.

The oppoinlmcnl. wus made as
file rcsull of n coiifcsf. conducted in
May. Condidulcs for the position
submilled essoys which were judg—
cd by file cdllorinl boom of the
Quin'lcrly on gencrul interest, up—
pcul, nnd effectiveness as u new
story.

 

Hollywood
Barber Shop

210 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

To the Editor:

Last week’s News carried a col-
umn concerning the present Junior
Guide system. We thought it a
criticism made without much in-
vestigation and would like to give
the background of the Guide sys-
tem and our opinions of the faults
outlined in College Close-ups.

The Junior Guide system was set
up to one end; that end being, gen-
erally, the orientation of a Fresh-
man Class; or specifically, making
the Freshmen feel that State is
glad to have them. and willing to
help them make a good start.

For this ' purpose the Student-
Faculty Committee on Student Ac-
tivities appointed this year as in
past years the chairmen for a po-
tential Student Guide system. This
Student-Faculty Committee is com-
posed of (a) Faculty representing
President Sayles; (b) Students rep-
resenting the Sophomore, Junior,
and Senior classes originally slated
by the Committee on Student-Fac-
ulty Relations of Student Council
and selected by the group in ses-
sxon.

The newly appointed chairmen
met with this Student—Faculty
Committee plus the retiring Guide
chairmen to discuss the question of
Guides and with the aid of past
experience, to decide on the num-
ber of Guides. This group of 121
Guides is larger than any previous
Student Guide system and is based
on the miinber of incoming Frosh.

The idea taken from Manhattan-
ville College of utilizing each mem-
ber of the Junior Class desiring to
be a big sister is an excellent one.
But, would it have worked at State
where only 65 Junior girls expressed
an interest in the program? How-
ever, if this program were worked
up to an all-class effort of perhaps
250 Guides, what an unwieldy group
it would be! Even our present group
of half the size is too large for
practical purposes.

If we are to keep the Junior
Guides a closely co-ordinated or—
ganization, we feel that it is neces-
sary to restrict the number of guides
to a minimum. No girl Guide has
more than three Freshmen and
some had only two. We do not feel

Religious Clubs
Plan Activities

Harriet Brinkmun, ‘46, President
of Student Christian Associulion,
has announced plans for the group's
first general meeting of lhe year at
l: o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Lounge. lone Syk-cs. traveling stuff
worker of" the Student Clirisliun
Movement of New York Stale. will
be g;ll("€l spcukci'.

Also on lhc program will be u.
member of YWCA. und :1 sfudenl.
f‘mm Rf‘l who will discuss (lepufu-
lion lcunis. A represenlolive of" the
l‘i'olcsleni Fumin Welfare inc.
will poinl. cut. the (mpoi'iuiiilics for
sr‘i‘iicc in lhul. field.

The Clinlon Squure Neighborhood
Associolion, which hus been con—
ducling plziygi'ouni‘ls for children
during lhe week, will request help
in supervising. ’l‘lie spcukcr will be
:lci-cnnpunicd by one ()f~ the children
in whom ihcse p1u_\‘gi'ouiids urc be-
ma run,

Joun Alvci'son, '47, hos change of
the pi'ogruln unzl llic i'ef'reshmcni
loiinnilll'c c nislsls of Humid
\'.lughn und Donuld Herold. Soph—
(illllll'l‘h.

Ilillcl Reception

llillcl will welcome the Cluss of
Bill of u rcccplion tomorrow of. 8:00
p. m.. in the Lounge. Joseph Pulev—
sky. ‘40. President, hus announced.

Shirley ’l‘uylor, ’47, is generul
l'llilll'lllilll. limding lhc other com-
inillecs ni'c Elennor Binn und Mur—

rhat three Freshmen would over-
burden any upperclassman.

Concerning the elimination of
Sophomores as Guides, We feel that.
rather than having neglected their
duties due to rivalry, they have
done an excellent lob as Guides be-
cause of their recent experience as
Freshmen and sharper realization
of their needs.

However, the Guide system is a
Junior Class project and if the
class as a whole wishes any changes,
the Student-Faculty Committee will
welcome any and all suggestions.

We admit that the present set-up
is far from perfect and appreciate
suggestions and interest in it. Only
in this manner, airing its difficulties
and needs. can We hope to improve
it. So formulate and present some
plan of improvement to the Stu-
dent-Faculty Committee; talk it
out and make your changes; and
next year’s system will be the bet-
ter for it.

LOIS HUTCHINSON,
CLYDE COOK,
(lo-Chairman, Student Guides.

Playhouse Will Choose
Vice President Monday

Mary Harvey, ’47, director of the
College Playhouse, has announced
that elections for the vice-president
of the group will be held Monday
noon in 206, Draper.

At a previous election the con-
test for the vice-presidency result-
ed in a tie and at that time Betty
Cavanaugh, ’48, was elected mem-
ber-at-large. Miss Harvey has urg-
ed that all members of D. and A.
and anyone interested attend the
meeting Monday.

The Playhouse plans for this win-
ter include four one-act plays for
December. No definite time has
been set for this production. Miss
Harvey has stated that anyone in-
terested in either directing or act-
ing may sign up when plans have
been formulated.

Three Group Houses

Select ’45-’46 Officers

Priscilla Hayes. ’46, President of
Residence Council, has reported the
results of house elections held in
Wren and Stokes Halls and St.
Thomas More House as follows:

Officers for Stokes Hall are:
President, Rosalie Pooler, ’47; Vice-
President, Adele Kasper, ’46; Sec—
reiai'y. Dorothy chger, '46; Treas-
urer, Hazel Engdahl, ’48; and Sports
Manager. Beatrice Caporal-e, '49.

In Wren Hall the officers are:
President, Gloria McManus, ’47:
Vice—President, Virginia Gininski,
‘48; Secretary. Norma Phobian, ’48;
and 'l‘rensurer. Ruth Hurr, ’48.

Officers for St. Thomas More are:
President, Vern Cliudiak, ‘48; Vice-
lh'lsilhiil. Carmella DcLicio. '48;
Secl'c;ui'y and Historian. Ruimonda
Thai), '49: and Treasurer. June
N'IcGinnis. ‘48.

ilyn \fvilrslniw, Juniors. decorations:
lilorlzu-e Simon and Charlotte
Cioluslcin. Sophomores, refresh-
mcnls; Molly Cramei', ‘47, and Betty
l).;onon:l. '46, publicity; Shirley
Gross and Bernice Cohen, Juniors,
lill l'l llllllll‘lli.

in u progruin bused on the theme
"Ullilcll Nailiziiis,” iniinigronls at
Ellis lsluiid will be represented by
!lll.‘ll'llll1.‘i sonﬁzs und (lunccs. The
"Cuiidrews Sisiers." Shirley Gross,
Julio Boxer. und Muriiyn Frost.
.lllllllll's, will sing, and dancing is
n] o Sl‘lll‘lllill‘ll.
(‘lirisiiun I“I‘IIi)\\'SIlIDS

.Joc Buyly, urea represcnlufive of
life Nllillllllll Inlcr—Vul'sily Chris-
lion l"cllo\vslifp sluf‘f', will be gucsi
spcukci' ill the reception of the local
chupler for file class of '49 next
li‘riduy, The cvcnl- will be held in
the Lounge ul 3:30 1). ill.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY, PROP.

BOULEVARD

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our Businessmun's Lunch

DIAL 5—1913

GAFETEIIIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

