    
  

 
  
 

   

     
      
        
    
   
   
     
          
          
      
      
     
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
     
      
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
     
   
   
  
    
      
         
        
   
       

 

 

ﬂ. ._ .

 

g
i
l


   
  
      
  

 

    

u MARY ULLIVAN

 

 

. I V Established-May i916
-:~' : a By a. on. gum

 
 

'NO. 6

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
‘C liege for Teachers- published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the N WS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Berbrich, 2-0126;0’Neil, 3,0538; Four, 8-1011;
Crnmer,‘ 2-9870.

  ‘; October 26, 1945

The News Board

ELIZABETH S. O'NEIL - - -
JOAN D; BERIRICH - - -

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
I CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

ISABEL FEAR - - - BUSINESS MANAGER
'JOSEPHINE MAGGIO - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARGERY CRAMER - - - ADVERTIIING MANAGER

SPORT. EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
AIIOCIATE EDITOR

KATHRYN HAGERTY - - r -
LOIS "OI—STEIN - - - - -
MARY TESSIER - - . . .

“W9

- -. All communications should be addressed to the editor and

must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

Elegy For Elizabeth

How’s your sophistication surviving these days,
State? Do you compare favorably with the Russell
Sage co-ed? Elizabeth M. Osborne doesn’t think
much of you, you know.

For an ex—English teacher, we don’t think Miss
“O” knows, much about psychology. First of all,
never expect to win your audience if you men-
tion desirable traits of a young lady, many of
which your audience possesses, and then ridicule
your audience with statements that are a contra-
diction to everything you professed two sentences
before. Secondly, if a member of your audience
,doZCSvpff, it could be that your speech isn’t quite
up to par. Or, maybe she’s tired. And, if some
are late for the lecture and apologize with an ex-
planation ‘to boot, the gracious and charming thing
to do would be to accept the apology and forget
the tardiness.

Miss Osborne went on to say that we must be
tolerant of others. State students, she said, are very
intolerant and constantly looking for faults in
others. They are, on the whole, characterized by
,eitherof two facial expressions—a blank one or a
bored ones. We would iike to remind Miss Osborne
that Statelhas done more for the furtherment of
inter-collegiate arbitration and inter-cultural un-
derstanding than any other college in the State.
What State has done has been done solely on stu-
dent initiative. True, we are aware of the faults
in others, but it is part of our training as teachers
to know and understand those faults. If we have
learned to see more, it is because we think more
since all student activities are student-sponsored.
We have no faculty advisers to do the thinking for
us. As futier teachers, we feel a little thinking and
initiative on the part of the individual student
is essential.

We do not mean to imply that State is perfect.
it is not. We are proud, however, for what we have
accomplished without the aid of faculty and bank-
roll. We expect to be given credit for it. We are
more than willing to listen to (.‘(Hli‘h’llt‘ll'vtl crilir'iwn
that may aid us in making State more perfect. Miss
Osborne presented a few good points and we thank
her for those hints.

We will endeavor to overlook the almost nasty
way in which they were presented and dwell on
putting them toward our own advancement. How
about it, State? Let‘s take the intelligent criticisms
to heart and really work on them.

PS. Don’t forget to wash your ash tray.

An Ea‘syV/ay To Help

For twu consecutive years, State College has con-
ducted a series of programs designed to aid the
War. The liig 10 in ‘43-’44 and the Big—8 last year
enabled the college to invest a large sum in War
lionds and to aid patients at Rhoad’s Veterans
I'lospital by purchasing badly needed library equip-
ment.

The Student is'nion will also benefit in a few
years when the bonds mature. ﬁven though pract-
has been declared and War Activities Council has

V'Ll'le'il‘(llSiitilVIftl, it is hoped that the students ‘Vvili
realize the need for acontimiation of the big-8 this
year and will support the different programs. The
Studenttlnion ir'und ncds a lot of support and at-

, tendingithe Senior Big-8 tonight is an easy way
to do it.~.

1..“ ,srATE.coLLEos..,Ntw$ 1
‘le. “

 
  

 

 
  
 
       

 

By MINDY WARSHAW

 

WHADDAYA HEAR FROM THE BOYS
Rumors that Pvt. Jim Brophy, ’48, is in bed with the

measles at Ft. McClellan, Alabama . .

. S l/C Abe Sherer, ’47

now browsing around in Japan . . . two battle stars, two Oak
Leaf Clusters, and one Don Walsh, ’45, back visiting with in-

tentions of resuming his studies here next semester . .

. Pvt.

Rodny Felder, ’48, returned to Fort Dix after another look at

State . .
Army since October 11 . . .

6
Glade-«724

Speaking of College close-ups, we
have been shocked into coming close
up to our own “personal develop-
ment” as depicted by the national
charm consultant, Ruth MacDonald
Osborne. In her lectures this past
week. Miss Osborne has tried to give
an objective opinion of the college
girl, in general, and State College
in particular.

Miss Osborne, 3. teacher herself
for many years. has been traveling
to campuses throughout the country

in an attempt to compare and sug-
gest improvements for the person-
ality development of the nation’s
college girls. What she wanted to
present to us in her lectures and
private consultations was a chal-
lenge to each of us to make the best
of our gifts. She maintained, and
we agree, that any girl can be at-
tractive if only by putting emphasis
on one attractive feature.

 

 

We were amused, annoyed and
even resentful We’ve had fun try-
ing on the various lotions, creams
and lipstieks—we've laughed at the
portrayals of the college girl slink.
shuffle. slouch and slump—but we
were shocked and resentful when
we were told that Miss Osborne in-
variably found a pronounced atti-
tude of superiority and indifference
to the rights and privileges of others
on all teachers’ college campuses.
We were also told that Miss Osborne
found us more willing to judge the
faults and firms in others. We must
admot that. to some degree, we are
prone to look for discrepancies but
this is the result of our training
as future teachers. It. is also a part
of our training that we try to cor-
rect. deficiencies. We offer as a
concrete show of our defense the
establishment and work of the Inter-
Group council whose objectives in-
clude tolerance for and understand-
ing of others' beliefs and practices.

Any attempt to take stock of pros-
cnt institutions. practices. or person-
alities and effect improvements is
a step in progressive education. The
jolt from Miss Osborne’s visit did
us good if it has helped us keep on
growing.

To the Editor:

The luck of organization in the
Sopiunorc gym classes is limiting
the benefits which otherwise might,
be derived. Because the classes are
so large. several hockey teams are
playing on the field without the
supervision necessary since most of
the players have had no previous
experience. Although the rules which
have been developed for tho protec-
tion of the players have been pro-
soutcd in a class lecture. tho purtici-
punts are ignorant of their practical
implication .'l‘hc lack of closer su-
pervision results in haphazard and
dangerous playing. and the inexper—
ienccd players do not. have the op-
portunity to develop any degree of
skill in the game.

Another source of confusion is

. Al Balk, ’47, has been a member of This Man’s

A BIT OF SATIRE
01’
IF SWIFT DID IT, WHY CAN’T I?

once there wuz a girl at State

gee wuz she dopey

she didnt have no glammer or nuttin
she was just mopey

her clothes they were so messy
and the poor girl she was floored
when a lady said upon her face
the expression it was bored

then the lady told her many tales
and showed up all her knowledge
and said the real true galmmer girls
were in a neighboring college

well at first the girl was very sad
she wept an entire day

about that untactless lady

who had so much to say.

but then the State girl got a thought
that put her in a rage

that Cleopatra did all right

and she never went to Sage

While we’re on this scintillating
subject. I had the awfullest dream
about it Monday night. I dreamed
my boyfriend (yeah. I got one) came
sailing home from the Pacific, all
resplendent in his Navy blues, and
when I met him at the New York
pier, he looked deep into my little
beady eyes and said, “Darling—your
makeup’s all wrong!"

NOW. VOYAGER?

Boy, that Mary Seymour and Peg
Casey sure are dumb. They been
coming here for four years now and
they still don’t know Albany from
a hole in the ground. I hear where
they were coming back from a week-
end at home on the train and they
dumped all their luggage and them-
selves out at Schenectady.(An under-
standing conductor saw that they
got safely back on and off at the
right place, though so everything
turned out all right.)

LOST ANYTHING IN THE MAILS?

If you've lost anything in the
mails this past year. you can rest
assured somebody’s making good use
of your misfortune. Last Wednesday
there was an auction of contents of
all packages mailed to non-existnnt
New York City addresses. Postmas-
ter Goldman got rid of one hnyfork,
four pitchforks, 20 dozen damaged
baby diapers. a bull polo guide, 10
corsets. n billiard cuc. nine bros-
siercs. a telescope. six girdles, two
pairs of skis, three pantyforms, a
hockey tick. 050 pairs of hosiery,
1.050 jars of shoe polish. 211 cameras.
four fishing rods. 129 doll faces and
a pup tent. (It's too late to redeem
anything you'Ve lost now, lull. guess
that‘ll teach you to put '1 return
address on packages after .his . . .)

the daily indecision on the p (it of
the students as to where the class
will be held~--~-thc dorm field or the
gym. A solution to this problem
would be posting it notice on the
Hucstcd bulletin board before lilo
first gym class.

I"iu‘lhcrnmrc. if classes held at tho
dorm field could be cxcuscd by ten
minutes of the hour, it. would enable
the students to get to their next
class in time.

Iliscournged Sophs

 

 

1.. And inn

*Various’ individuals and groups on campiis have
been tryiiig for years to create an understanding
between students and faculty. In 1944, the faculty
were included in the Big Ten series. This borught
about the beginning of a spirit of student-faculty
relations. The practice has been kept up for two
years, but the spirit is failing. Last year Myskania
staged a basketball game with the freshmen for
the specific purpose of raising funds for a student
faculty tea. They gathered together enough money
for two teas, both of which were successful.

This year, Myskania played the freshmen women
in a game of touch football. Everyone agreed it was
a rugged way to earn the price of a cup of tea, but
nevertheless, approximately thirty dollars was col-
lected at the game. This will provide for two or
three teas. The success of these teas in promoting
favorable student-faculty relations depends upon
the general interest and participation of both stu-
dents and faculty. So far, no better method has
been suggested.

At the teas last year, the card games seemed to
promote an understanding between students and
faculty more than anything else. Both were amazed
to find the other was actually human.

We feel it will not inconvience any student or any
teacher too much to go to the Lounge for maybe
only ten minutes to play cards or chat with each
other and have a cup of tea. We are progressive
in many other ways, but we definitely seem to lag
in student faculty relations. We have the money,
we’ll have the food, we’ll be able to spare a few
minutes: so how about a little cooperation!

 

LT. HARRY PASSOW

 

President Harry Truman made another trip to
Capitol Hill on Tuesday to urge legislators assembled
for a joint session of house and senate to adopt a
universal military training law. The President’s pro-
posals include (1) a year’s military training for men
between 18 and 20 years of age (2) a “small” profes-
sional arm (3) a strengthened national guard to be
augmented by an organized army, navy, and marine
corps reserve and (4) a “general reserve" of all men
who have had military training under the present
system.

The president, in his address to the joint session.
pointed out that it was not his intention in proposing
universal military training to show lack of faith in
the United Nations to keep the peace but rather to
assert that the United States was prepared physically
to back up the actions of such an organization. “We
must face the fact that peace must be built upon
power as well as upon good will and good deeds," said
Mr. Truman.

The United States. as a military and political leader
of the World, must assume leadership in making the
United Nations more than a conference of good in-
tentions. Bv its actions and by its decisions it can
point the way for all the nations to follow and lead
the way to a true and lasting peace.

But. the United States cannot. with Britain. hold
the secret of the atomic bomb for itself and then
accuse RuSsia and other nations of distrust and lack
of faith; nor can we advocate cmpulsory military
training and a strong army and then censure USSR
for holding maneuvers in the Crimea; nor can we
suddenly, without any warning or hint of such action.
terminate lend-lease and then resent Britain’s re-
moval of her major transport vessels from U. S. serv-
ice: nor can we idly stand by and watch revolt in
Java and [udo-Chlna without active interest—and the
list. grows longer and longer.

The United States. because of her present posi-
tion. cnnnot deal in a high-handed or two-faced
manner. The world looks to this country for leader-
ship and we must provide it not. by lip-service but
by ()lll'_tICtl()llS. We must preach faith, trust, coopera-
tion, and united action and we must act it. We must.
by our own actions. bring an end to the present bicker-
ing and dissenslon and strive for the cooperation and
i‘lllﬁl?ll that was the United Nations' during the con-

The president's plan for compulsory training is u
posit.ch stop in that. it. does indicate to the United
Nations that we are ready to sacrifice, to endure, to
us to back up our "good will and good deeds” and the
s‘upport. anything that will insure a strong United
States. Our ultimate high purpose in this is so onoblc
will and deeds of the United Nations with strength if
necessary. _ It may be described as an initial step in
preparing ior peace just us other nations before have
prepared for war. The arguments against. compulsory
tiniulug are either personal or point. to a "Victoria
1330:: (It! I[11121111111uninta” It might. be worth an experiment.

ti' o wre to: 'r r .» i
sidlcI can be the key foljitli‘de.uild mm“ (m um mum,

"to present session of Conn‘ess s - "i
problems and has these declgions ltoﬁlgllllelwilllle 
:dll watch with deel) interest for our future is in the
)u unco.

 

 

 

Crowning onueen Highlights Campus

 

 

STATE COLLEGE. NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20. I“!

 

Athletics, Hunt,”
Skits Scheduled

For Campus Day

Fresh, Sophs To Vie
For First Rivalry Points

Tomorrow, State’s 25th annual
Campus Day will mark the opening
of organized rivalry between the
freshmen and Sophomore Classes.
Field events for girls are to take
place in the morning and the rivalry
banner hunt is scheduled for the
afternoon. The traditional corona-
tion of the Campus Queen by last
year’s Queen, Mary Now, will high-
light the evening activities. The
new Queen will be elected in today’s
Assembly from the following nomin-
ees: Harriet Brinkman Mary Louise
Casey, Barbara Reiff, Helen Shure.
Genevieve Stiles. Following the cor-
onation. skits will be presented by
the freshman and Sophomore classes.
Field Events

Rivalry field events will begin at
10:30 AM. between freshman and
Sophomore girls. There will be no
athletic events for men as in past
years. Field rivalry will include a
100—yard dash, relay, 3-legged, old
clothes, and sac race. Margaret See—
man, ’49, will lead the freshmen and
Patricia Tilden, ’48, Sophomore
Women’s Athletic Association Man-
ager, will head the Sophomores in
the sports events. One point will be
added to the Rivalry score for each
event except the three-legged and
sack race which are each worth one—
half point.

The banner hunt will be held in
the afternoon from 1:00 to 5:00 PM.
Each class will hide its banner on
the Campus as designated in the
Rivalry rules.

Change In Rules

James Miner, '46, chairman of the
Rivalry Committee. has announced
that some changes have been made
in the official banner hunt rules.
Robert Baker, ’49, chairman of the
freshmen banner committee. will be
assisted by Gerald Dunn and Gerald
Griffin. freshmen. Harold Vaughn,
lv'icrvin MeClintock, and John Bolles.
SO;’.‘110IIIOI‘CS, will comprise the Sop-
homore banner committee.

The evening events will open with
the crowning of the Campus Queen,
whose identity will not be known un-
til she walks down the aisle attended
by her court. These will, include two
Seniors, two Juniors. two freshmen.
and two pages from the Sophomore
Class, all of whom have been chosen
by Student. Council. They will also
appoint two ushers from each class.
Skits

Following the coronation, the
freshman and Sophomore classes
will each present half hour skits.
One and one-half points will be
awarded to the class presenting the
best. skit. These will be judged on
the basis of cleverness. ingenuity,
execution. and audience enjoyment.
Virginia DiGrcgorio and Barbara
Otto, Sophomores. arc directors of
the Sophomore skit and Harry Mills.
'49. is chairman of the frcslnnnn
skit. committee.

li‘ollowiug tho skits. there will be
dancing in the gym. At. this time,
the Campus Duy Cup will also be
awarded to the class that has won
over one-half of the total rivalry
points for the duyz’l‘his is the second
your that u cup, which will have
the class uumcruls cngruvcd upon
it. has been awarded to the win-
nlug cluss.

Campus Day Schedule

It‘ield Events-~10 AM. on the
Page Hall field.

Banner Hunt—“l to 5 PM. in
college buildings and -am—
pus.

Coronation of the Queen—4i
l’.l\'l. in Page llall.

Rivalry Skits-8::l(i PM. in
the Page [lull auditm'ium.

Cup Presentation and dancing
-—-in the gym after the

rivalry skits.

 

Campus Queen Candidates

 

 

From left to right: Helen Shure, Harriet Brinkman, Genevieve Stiles, Mary
Lou Casey, Barbara Reiff

 

5 .._____

Identify Of Reigning Sioie Queen To Be Unveiled,-
Grads Return lo Campus For Day Of Gala Events

Tomorrow night the heralding of
the pages. and the strains of
“Pomp and Circumstance” will. for
the 22nd consecutive year, reveal to
an electrified audience State's new
Campus Queen. Escorted by the
Royal Processionai and dressed in
the traditional long black ermine-
trimmed cape. she will proceed
down the aisle to the stage in regal
splendor. Her court includes two
Seniors. two Juniors, two Sopho—
mores and two freshmen, all of
whom have been chosen by Student
Council. The two Sophomore pages
are also chosen by this organiza-
tion.

When the procession reaches the
stage. Mary Now. last. year's queen
and at, present. a chemist at. the
General Electric laboratory in
Sclicncctiuly. will place the crown
on the Senior girl the new Queen
chosen by the Student body for her
beauty and ponularity. The Queen
will bc entertained by the freshman
and Sophomore Rivalry Skits. sit-
ting on her throne on one side of
the stage and surrolunlcd by her
Court.

She choice of Campus Queen is
one of the outstanding honors
nwurdcd In any State Girl. Her
identity. which is secret until the
in'mtth-tukiug moment when the
procession begins its walk down the
aisles. is one of the most. cugeriy
nwuitcd events of the year. it also
lllul'ks n time for the renewal of
friendships mnong the graduates
and many other. who will be here
\‘lsitllln Campus Day weekend. how
can lorch lust ycur's Campus Duy
whcn prclly Mury Now was crowned
by l’vt. l’nl. Lutilncr. Queen oi '44.

Although Campus Day was in-
augurated in 1930. the first Campus
qucn was not elected until 1922.
Since then, speculation nquys runs
high at this time of the your as
to who the new Queen will be.
The five Scnlors who received the
most nominations in the Assembly

voting a Week ago are determined
by Myskanla and shall compete for
the honor.

The coronation will climax a day
of gain activity. The rivalry field
events which will be held in the
morning will be closely contested.
The fact that the Class of '47 won
last year has increased the incen-
Live 01' this year's Sophomores to
go all out in their efforts to win,
and any lack of Freshman spirit
certainly isn‘t noticeable.

The banner hunt in the after-
noon never l‘ails to produce plenty

 

Daffies Red Devils To Vie
For Silver Cup Tomorrow

The Campus Day Cup has
been taken out of hiding, pol-
lshcd vigorously. and is waiting
eagerly to see what the newest
cngruving on its gleaming sides
will be. Will it be 1948? 1949?
Tomorrow will tell.

The Campus Day Cup will be
presentch to the class securing
the largest number of points
from the field events, bunnci'
hunt. and skits on the program
tomorrow. This cup was first
jn'cscutcd to the winning
classes of '22, '23. and '24. It
was then hidden away until
lust. your when it was once
again brougt to the fore. 1947
was added to thc illustrious list
of winners.

"To the victor belong the
spoils” so come on Sophs!
(Jolllt' on l‘rosh. The Juniors

have donated their services as
strctciwr-buurers. and “first-
uldcrs." All hospitals have
l‘.l‘i'llt!tl to stand by. The Cam-
pus Day Cup awaits its owner.

 

of excitement and Rivalry spirit.
With both banners free somewhere
in the buildings or on the Campus,
each class is determined to gain
possession of the others. With five
precious rivalry points involved, it’s
deemed essential to "get that ban-
ner" and above all. keep it. In the
banner hunt practically anything
goes but both Sophomores and
freshmen are encouraged to re-
member that nssault. with intent
to murder is a crime at State too
and even with a banner at stake.
Remembering last year’s fiasco. be-
cause the frosh banner was hidden
in a too dangerous place. both
classes should profit by the experi-
ence and not have a repeat per-
formance. Which all adds up to
"it's gonna be a good game and
may the best man win."

Both classes are expending much
time and enthusiasm on the Rival-
ry skits this year, according to
Virginia DiGregorio. ‘48, director of
the Sophomore skit and Harry
Mills. ‘49, director of the frosh skit.
Although neither will reveal any
facts about their respective skits.
the talent. involved and the score-
tch atmosphere engulfing the audi-
toriutn and the little theater at
Milne during the past week lead
one to conclude that both will add
to the evening's entertainment.

Lust your n C111) was rescued from
the moth balls to be awarded to
the victor class by the reigning
Queen. Tension will undoubtedly
be high tomorrow with much to
win or lose. Who will be the new
Campus Queen? Who will get who’s
Banner? Who will win the sports
events? Who will present the best
skit?

To all the returning grads, State
hangs out its welcome sign and to
both the freshmen and Sophomores
——«good luck and if you don’t win
tomorrow, there’s a long year
ahead.

Student council
Lists New Rules
For Rivalry Hunt

Backstage 0f Pages
Rooms 21, 23, 201
Are Out Of Bounds

James Miner, '46, chairman of the
Rivalry Committee, has announced
that changes have been made in the
banner hunt rules.

The official rules, as designated
by Student Council are as follows:

1. Time

a. Hours of hunting shall be from
1:00 to 5:00 PM. on Campus
Day.

2. Notification

a. Notification in writing shall be
made to the president of Stu-
dent Association both when a
banner is placed and where.
(Diagram if possible.)

3. Removal
a. The banner can be removed
from its hiding place only dur-
ing the hours d signated for
hunting. ‘l
b. When a class finds and re—
moves the banner of a rival
class the president of Student
Association or a Myskania
member on hunt duty must be
notified as soon as possible.
. Location of hunt

Searching may take place in the

following places:

a. All of Page Hall except back

stage.

b. 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floors of

Draper Hall and basement.

c. ist, 2nd. and 3rd floors of
Richardson Hall.
Commons—not in drawers or
cabinets of private offices.

e. Outside of buildings on Cam-

pus.
Searching may not take place in
the following places:

a. Lockers and administration of-
fices in Draper.

b. Entire building of Huested

c. Attics

(1. Power House

e. Library

f. Tunnels

g. Roofs

h. Drawers or cabinets of pri-
vate offices in Commons

i. Room 201 (Draper), Rooms 21.
23, Richardson

5, Restrictions

After each class has hidden the

the banner or banners in its pos-

session they may not be removed
and rehidden until after hunt.

If a class moves its own banner.

it is regarded as an offense nul-

lifying the hunt for that banner
for that semester and the banner
is given to the opposing class. On
the other hand, if a class moves
the banner of the opposing class.
the banner becomes free and both
classes may try to take possession
of it.

. I‘roctors

Myskania shall act as proctors

of the hunt. Two members shall

be on duty at all times. They shall
be judges in any controversy or
in the case of any difficulty which
may arise.

7. Manner of hiding.

Part of the banner or some marker

displaying the colors of the ban-

ner and directly attached to the
banner (may be connected with
string to banner) must be visible
while the banner is hidden on
Campus Day.

IE

9-

c:

 

Campus Day Beginning Noted

Twenty five yrars ago, State
held its first Canums Day—a field
day of interclass sports. Two years
later a crown of autumn leaves was
placed ubon the head of the first
Campus Queen. who was decked in
autumn folLage. Tomorrow night
the queen in her trimmed ermine
robe will be crowned with a Jeweled
crown. Campus Day has gradually
grown from a program of field
events to the most important event
in the fall semester.

 

we“...  ‘ '

 

 
  
  
       

 

moms .. -, -

   

