 

.  '  . grin-a; llr'
  arm Mmsn'::——i—1“'” ,' , a
- . This “the author’ape‘rsmml' L opinion

)3' is. hegsportS. 9179? :.:Comesl.tlie .tirne for April showers, their votes "for him‘is decided that

8
has beenv‘outlinedfor next yearnnp’ple blossoms, and the political the vote will. either be "for him or
ratérace in‘ StateCollege. This. year agin' him.” , ';
. ._ . _ ., . , , H H _ It seems a fairly .safe prognosti-
left, We'ha e been lacking in much of a sports muck-raking, and the Various other cation that the next vice-president
  ' activities ' which accompany this will be a man. The election for

f0! men' Intérﬂouegiate games 0f phjase, of'the so-calied democratic secretary will as usual he a popu-.

any sort have virtually disappeared from the procedurt. However the old rah-rah larltv vote. '
‘ sorority spirit : which once caused No one can make a certain bet on

0011986" calendar along With soph some and this type of demonstrations has been the outcome. There are always the‘

Junior Weekend, , subordinated and the greater part of "meonderables” to consider. stat-
. ' " the band-wagon jumpings, name. isticai analyses of the way Newman,
There is now, however, a concerted move- galllnlllsi ‘andbhats-throwins have sortor‘ljtlestand commulterls willfea is
i ‘ ' ’. . ,. . . een nsp red y the male element. 011 . 8591 e the 031011 at Oils 0 88V'
, ment under way whlch would culmmate In You have to hand it to the men cral interested spectators. It is the
' an intercollegiate schedule for State next year lwhen  cigmes t: lfollicles — they $51911 fonmthe Wh018 lwllltotgre ititling
. . ~ I - . HOW e . 5 ac 1' more we an W

and also a_not1ceable increase in the male The old 305330: (glue “it ought carry. g
enrollment." The effect should be obvious.  be a will; ﬁes been bouncing To; politicalt‘llnllng up” is1 allso
- . ' e a ru er a through Student grea y over-fa 8d n some crc 85-
Not only Will we have basketball games to Association It is interesting to note These factors were once pm and
cheer at and pep rallys upon which to vent in this respect that three men com- Parcel of college elections. How-
. prise the ballot for the president cver. women lose their zest for them
our enthusrasm, but-we should have a larger for the class of i48_ This mm m_ when there are no men to am. the

amount of that 'much discussed and misused SW“! 5108311 W111 guarantee some coals- Given 3 0011935 01'1200 Women

 

 

 

 

 

phrase, school spirit. No one can deny that
a basketball team or a football team is some- Association 185‘ Friday were ex--
thing which the students of a college like to

followers.

tremely interesting. In the running

point to as belonging to them. It is for this 513990“ was the best and the smart-

est—the smartest since she had a

reason that a group of interested students smke against; her at the start, All
have consulted the administration about the 50°“ W°men campaigners 1“ our

advisability of initiating a program for next t
year which will round out the college

program.

time have used much the same at-
ack—shades of Latimer and Gar-

Sports fall.

Mr. Sullivan’s was the least poli-
tical of the three for, to use an old

At the present time, interested alumni are phrase. he. of the three. “stuck his

being contacted to” acquaint prospective col- mic“ 0”“

His outlined policies
were those which his record in Stu-

lege men with State and the plans for inter- dent Council would indicate how_
collegiate sports. It is at this pomt that ever, and Mr. Sullivan’s following is
students may take part in the formulation Steady and sure-

of the plans. You have already been aske

d Mr. Crandell‘s speech is not likely
to affect his vote one way or the

to interest high school seniors in State. Now other since the group that W] cast

you are asked to interest high school men in
State College with the emphasis on a new

athletic program.

Student interest will be one of the most

¢bbe

important factors which will determine the
success or failure of this new program. There-

fore, we are leaving it up to you. You have
all been askiing for a State which was ‘like’

other colleges which have many sports. Don’t

muﬂ? your opportunity.

Accent On Arbitration

The campaign speeches in Student

for president, Helen Slack Shure’s

at the present time, elections would
probably be passed over with scarce-
ly a murmur.

The murmuring this year has
grown to no magnificent propor-
tions. The charges of mud-slinging
and slandering are again those
brought by men. There is more
agitation in one group of five men
than there is in all of the sorority
houses thrown together.

Much of the voting this year will
be done after an honest appraisal
of the candidates. The “hack-
sawers” will have to reconsider—the
vote cannot be classified. There
will be the usual unintelligent, dis-
interested voting democracy in ac-
tion. However. such a vote may
elect a candidate in exactly the
same way that a good vote may.
It's anybody’s guess and anybody’s
rat race. Pick your rat!

. . -._--.—-!_._.

4bonét

By SHIRLEY SIEGEL PASSOW

When my husband and I visited
the War Memorial Opera House in
San Francisco last Summer. we
attended the performance of the
Ballet Russe. We were struck by

.The Colleges of New York State are begin- the clean. classic lines of the build-
nmg to open the way to Student recognition ing and the ivory richness of its
of world arbitration. In the past few months, “udltm‘mm' The “tmOSDhel‘e was

summer-light. as people relaxed in-

there have been several arbitration confer- to the cushy seats to enjoy the

ences throughout the State to discuss th

9 show.

problems concerned with Student Govern- The contrasting mood in the
ment. Delegates from State have attended Opera House today must be some-

thrce such conferences.

thing to fool. Solcmnity and per-
sonal dedication reportedly charac-

Arbitration is a new idea ill the minds of mm“ “‘0 599 ‘ldegﬂtes- “‘0 0‘"

servers and oven the erstwhile blaso

lollcge students and will undoubtedly_load mess of me worm Despite the
to better organization in the reVIslon ol our political bogys which have been
Student Association Constitution. The dclc- “(ll/"WI “S Potential threats to SR“

gates had opportunity to see how our Stu-
dclll (.lovornmonl surpassed that of other

Francisco's goal. this attitude nu-
uurs well. Good will mid the com-

COl— pulsion of ii possible third world

logos ill some ways and at the sumo limo wnr open llic conference with n

to soc lho things that make it inferior.

Sillcc lllc cduculcd mass of tho country I‘m-“WM R“"-‘1“"““‘l
supposcdly consists of collcgc

will for cn—opcl'lllloll. This is the
first stop. the l'l'i’lmc of lllllld which
cx-Sccrcllll'y
Hull, and Hum: lllllllons of lesser

gnuhml’eﬁv pcoplc llllyc workl-d lo illillilll. lilvcn

sillrc lllcy urc lllc ones who ilSSlllTiO lclldur- more colorful lliiiil l‘Vl‘l', Sim li‘rilll-
slllp. how can lllcy milllugc llzlllounl llll'lllrs ('lﬁl'o [odor llll-‘i. lll‘ollll‘ “10 “’Ul‘lll
\viscly il' lllcy llilvc not had some cxpcl'icllco "W" “Ohm” “w” “mm” m ""1""

ill lllc iii-gilliizlilioll of strong Sludclll (lov-
cl'llulcnls ill lllcil' rcspcclivc collcgcs.
dclll llovcrnlliclll is as important in lllc rol- lll‘l'lllllll formulation and

Tile sccolld slip is llll‘lil_,’,‘ llll‘ ob—
:ililclcs lo llli‘ :ici-urlly ornuniznllml.

bl“- llllfill‘ (‘lllll‘l'lllli lil'l' in the other.

ucccp--

lll-iii sludcnl, us Nuliolllll l‘ovcrnn'lclll in lo ““W l’l' lll“ “illlims- 11' ll “’m'ld
l l

llll‘ l'llizcll. 'l‘lll'ough Arbitration colll‘cl'i'lli-i-s

l“,ll\"l'l'llllll‘lll in in l)“ onlllllllsliod.
what in lo lil‘l'llllll‘. of lllll.l()lllll

willl olllcr (‘l.lll(‘i!.‘i‘>‘i, \vc llllclllpl in single oul. thriirclgilny‘l lluw ill'l‘. llic lilrilc illl(l
[hp “(HM and bud pouch”; of Ouch “l' H1“ .‘llllllll llilll‘lllll.‘ ll) lll‘ l'i‘l)l‘l‘5(‘llll‘.(l lll
giil'i-l‘llrlll,alll.s i‘l'lll‘iililflllifll. Willi this impish H” h“"‘“'“-" “mm” “M H‘“ A5“

sl'lllllly? How will lllc povcl'lllllg

iollcc. lllo ﬁ'l'llllllllll’, as n Nllliollill ll‘lllll‘l'. will mm mm.“ [m lemnm, “I. m

loud to follow the slinlc policy by

with other (filllllll‘li‘S.

ll is true llliil. Arbitration in tho colllipc lN‘Ollllfﬁ. “11

ill'lllll'zlllllll czlll'illllli‘lll llll‘lillil‘l'.‘6 illld how will

ll~l lil\\‘.\‘ lil‘ t-lilori'cd? How is jus—
Lli-l- lll lll‘ ,~.i~i-llrcd in all billions. lill
lillnorlllcn lllcludllln‘

circlc is n l'csllll of tho colll'crcllccs lllnl. lluvo mm“ “11” hm.“ '1” “’h'“ “L 5"“

boon necessary ol' lnlc ill World zlll'nil's. lllll. H... Nam-(“.59
lll ii pcnco tllllc, lliiil. llltcl‘lllltlonul lll'lill‘l‘il-

ll‘rnllillsuo: llldlil'n pmplc. lllc .chll.
.

ll'rcslldibly, lllc lilllllillilll forms it

lion is very and lo slilckcn unless it liciiiillics llurnllul lvllli lllc Ul'llll‘ll Sillil‘s in
a lnlbll. with collcgcs, not only ill New York 1737- S“""““”“ “l” Wm“ “WM”

Stale, nor even ill the Ullilcd Slates, but in

colleges throughout the world.

lll the sentences wlicl'c “billion” ap-
pears nbovc, llllil llic i‘onr llllllol'
problcnls wllicll worried .lcl'i‘rrsoll.

Jay, Madison, et al., appear in 20th
century phrasing.

The thirteen states balked longest '

and loudest at surrendering state
sovereignty. They tried Confedera-
tion for a few years—alliance for
common purposes of peace and war
with a helpless central government.
When this failed. they did not dis-
solve into power blocks but recog-
nized that security lay in true
union.

Dllmbnrton Oaks suggested i1 sc-
curlty council of 11 members, five
of them to hold permanent seats
and represent; the big powers; six
of them to rotate among the various
smallcr nations. Spanking for the
smnllor nallons. Egypt‘s delegation
suggests that the security council
be enlarged to 14 members and the
Economic and Social Council on-
lul'llcd from 18 lo 36 lllcmbors.
Olllcr nilcrnnlivos may be ovolvod
bili'ol‘i- lilo lillill method is liOl(‘('l3(‘(l
for l'lllil‘lculloll by llll‘ nations.

.lusllcc lllldl’l‘ :l lovcl'lllnclll; ol'
lilws‘ illl(l nol. mon~~lf lllls ldclll is
ill lll‘ cxlclldcd lo inll'u'nnlioulll or~
(ll'l‘. .'l \V(ll'l(l court is ll lil'L'l‘i'fllllSlll‘.
’ic Jlll‘lsls of 30 nulions who
wcrI-lcd for si-vm'ul duyl: in. Walsh-
illplilll llllvc pl'iiscnlod lwo pllllls.
(lilo i-lllls for u l‘crislon 01‘ llll‘ l‘x-
islinn world l‘mll'l. lllf‘ (lllll‘l‘ pro-
pusrd :lll cnllrcly ncw pl‘rnlullclll,
could of illlrrllllllmlill ,illsllcc. Ull—
(ll'i‘ Dillllliili'l'C Oilks, this court
w'll not only connid r ,lusllclnblc
lll‘lllllll“; lull will act us ll-nlll lld-
yiwl'y in llll‘ Sci-lll'lly Council on
mince! ilf llllll body. Under lllc
l.l‘1l“lll‘ ill“ Nuillllll. .‘ll‘l-lll). limi-
llll‘llllil’l'}; lll‘ llll‘ luclllzllll could pur-
lli-illiilc in lll~l‘ world court. lls lllc
US. did. for lll‘~l;llll'l'; lllclllllcrs of
llll‘ lil‘lllllll‘ could silly old ol' the
l‘-)lll‘l. 'l‘llil lll'l‘fil'lll plilll proposcs
lllill lilrnllll-l'rl (ll' llll' llllllcd Nlllinns
illllilllldlll'lllly ul'c llll‘llllll‘l'ﬁ‘ ol' lllll
world l'lllll'l.

(.)lll' ll()|ll‘.‘i :llld i‘ll‘h ul‘c on Sun
l“l'ilill‘lli(‘(). 'l‘lllv lclldcl's ol‘ viii nu-
lloils urn lll Sun li‘l'iulclsco. Wi‘ cull
(lllly \\'illl- for dcyclopllionls luld lllc
llll‘lll of “11' Si“l.‘lli‘lll' orpulllznlion.

By KAY HAGERTY ———__
Ordered by a belligerent boss to pound out the col-

ulnn of an absentee, we are humbly yours. To any and
all rotten vegetables thrown this way, the soft ansWer

'turneth away wrath—we’re civilians, not columnistsl

THE MEN WHO CAME T0 DINNER

This week proved to be the revolving door for a flow
of our old statesmen. Minerva dropped her stoic
frown long enough to smile on Ensign Stuart (“Doc”)
Beycrl, '46, who expects to shove off from his receiving
station in New York in the near future . 7'. Lt. Fran
Mullin. '45. bomber pilot on leave and sporting a lovely
anonymous brunette on his arm . . . Lt. (Jg) Bill Dick-
son, ’42, here for a week after two busy years in the
European theater—a participant in the D-Day thrust
. . . The cheerful visage of S l/c Al Benianti. ’47,
stationed at a Salvage School in New York, poked in
over the weekend . . . Pvt. Gil Snyder and T/Sgt.
“Speed” Koblenz, both ’44 boys, tripping the light
fantastic in the Commons to “Time Was” . . .

IT’S BEEN SAID BEFORE

Contrary to the State College NEWS, Albert Laurie,
’46, USN. will report to Princeton for V-12 training
after a 30-day leave . . . Al recently reported back
from the overseas tumult and will now take a stab
at the books .

THE DAFFY MEN _

After a series of quarantine and sickness mishaps,
S 2/c Cliff Thorne, '48, will ﬁnish up his boot train-
ing at Sampson and check in at State another two
weeks . . . Boll Sorcnsen, another of the Daffy tribe.
reports back to the gang that he was ﬁnally whisked
into navy blue and off to Sampson after a long three—
months wait . . .

CHARMED LIFE

In a letter to Dr. Jones, the answer to a service-
man’s prayer. lst Lt. Richmond Young, ’44, records his
second crash landing in enemy territory:

“We caught it good the 2nd of March but made
it to Warsaw. Had two engines out. shot up pretty
badly, instruments on the blink and landed in a
blizzard on a fighter strip-or tried to. The strip was
too small and we ﬁnally ended up in a cabbage ﬁeld
just off the end of it. Found out the next AM. that.
the field hadn’t been cleared of German mines. Im-
agine our surprise!

“Warsaw was completely devastated, what the Jcrrics
didn't blow up they burnt. There aren't four walls
standing in the whole town that match. Housing was
quite a problem but the Russians there solved it. They
dumped us in pairs in with Polish families and told them
we were Americans and to find beds. Well—it turned
out surprisingly well for some. My bombardier had
a couch, I had a very small bed, and the man of the
house. his wife and 8-year-old girl shared the large
bed—all in the same room.

“We ate potatoes three meals a day. Fried morning
and noon and mashed at liite. A chunk of horse
meat and a cup of tea finished off all the meals.
That’s all there was—eat it or starve.

“Took 24 days before Americans came by plane after
us but then we really saw the world. Got to a base in
the Ukraine. then to Telleran, Cairo. Tripoli, Tunis.
Naples. Marseilles. Paris, and back to the base . . 

MOVING AND STATIONARY

News from I'i'c. John Dooley. ‘45, lllfll he‘s on
his way to meet the boys in the Pacific . . . The Sports
Department has informed us that Lt. llcnrv Rubin-k.
44. is still in the radio business out in lllif‘NIlil'liillilS
1. . Sgt. Dick llciicll. '45. now lll Gornluny . . . l-Iliiisc
(trump. '46, in boot training for tho WAVES ill Iilllllcl'
Oollcg‘c . . . lsl lii. linlc Wood. '46, is now cxci'llllyc
officer on lln Army lrnllsporl . . .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May 18‘ l 0
By the Class of 1918

V01. XXIX

\ll'lllll' l'
t\“"‘l|‘lilllll l'...... .p. 1>,-,.,.

April 2’7, Hill) No

lLdlllnlm.

., l.‘ ,. r
’ lll‘\\'.‘l~llli'llll'l' ill' llll' \\l‘\\ \w .\' 
l nip»: pll l Mil-ll i-l'ill'y l«‘l'li|.ll' lll lllr I‘l
l-:.i- .\l‘.‘||‘ Iii Illl‘ \I?\\H l'mlll'd l'iil- llll' Sill-inn: ‘

.. I . .. ,.., l' " -
lulu l'llillll‘~ llllli'i'. .i until: .\l‘\l‘l'¢i ".l'H'i‘ ll-ii.» i -' w

' l‘ll.ll;j‘,‘l.l
llll‘ lllllll-l‘;:l
l'lllilllli- {my ‘1‘. ,.

 

The News Board
DL‘llUlllY M. Ml:\l Lil". .
SUNNA l1. LOUI'LH ;
 M blAHt‘lll l
Ll)l5 [)l‘lUliY -
OCH-{OTHEA ﬁMllll
.l(.l/\N HYLlNll

JOAN Uhlllililkill
ELlZAHl‘H‘H U'vall

lilllllll ll llill
til) l~1:\H\|~|N~i llllliil‘l
|illtilNll..!, l»li\ll'\lll|i
('lli'LlllAllllN M\N‘llil li'
illilIlI-l illlli»l-:
ikiirml Ivlll llllHlH

Ant-illi‘m ii i (ll lull

-———..__..

 

1:2“?

 

All i-iillllllullliulllone
lllllh'l lll' sly‘lli'il.

l-lllllllil lm lldill'oslliid lll llll' l'ill'lll' lllill
Thu WWW“ H” l.\l\i‘lll‘lll"n will ~lll,‘ \l'lllllll'lll llpiill l'i‘illll'hl-

. I. . .. . ll'i .\lu\\h llsslllllcs llll l‘l‘SlIlili‘illllllU
llll‘ l'lllllllllls i'XIH‘I'nnl'll lll Ils cillllllllls or l’lllllillllllll‘.‘illllllti
:l,~ sllcli l‘\lll‘l“~l«|li\ «in Hill llm-csmlrlly rill'li-i'l lie vlcw.

 

Discussion Slated

Fer Assembly

McGrcill To_,_0uillne ‘
Big 8 Fund Disposal

Student Association will hear a
short report .on the American Arbi-
tration Association Convention and
will discuss methods of disposing of
Big 8 funds during today's assem-
bly. The meeting will close with
voting for school and class officers.

Florence Garfall, ’45, president of
Student Association, has announced
that the Association ballots will be
white and class ballots colored.
Everyone who has paid his dues
will receive two ballots and will be
instructed to fold them. Classes
will vote respectively, beginning
with the Seniors. The class mar-
shals will give the directions and
the students will leave in single
file, call out their names to the

'Myskania members, and place the

stamped ballot in the box.
Arbitration Report

The Arbitration Convention re-
port will be given by Cecllc Gold-
berger, ’45, who attended the meet-
ings. B. J.- McGrath. ’46, plans to
introduce three possible methods for
disposing of funds collected through
the Big 8 program. A general out-
line offers these three suggestions:

1. Buy a War Bond. with the pro-
vision that the money will go to
the Student Union fund upon ma-
turity. _

2. Provide Library equipment and
books for the Rhodes Hospital for
Veterans in Utica.

3. Provide Library equipment for
the Rhodes Hospital to the amount
of $1,000 and give the balance to
the Student Union Fund.

The proposals will be voted on
next week.

Financial Motions

Also on the program for today
are two financial motions. The
proposal that money be taken from
the surplus for the Directory was
introduced a few weeks ago and
will be voted on today. Marie
Llebl, '46. Chairman of WAC, will
propose the following financial
motion:

That $70 be taken from the sur-
plus fund of Student Association to
pay for the next two issues of Dr.
Jones’ Service Letter. It must be
tabled for a week.

The possibility of having basket-
ball at State next year will be dis-
cussed. Miss Garfull also announc-
ed that the assembly on May 25
will be devoted to a further discus-
sion of the points of Arbitration as
outlined by Miss Goldbcrgcr in her
report.

Arbitration Groups

Hold Fourtll Meeting;
Delegates To Report

The Fourth Aml‘l‘ll'illl Arbitration
Aslsocfulion mi-i lll Syl'llcusc on
April 2151: Mill l'cpl‘cscnlnlircs of
all the N-L‘W York Silllc ’l‘cuclll‘l's'
Conn :05. f‘l‘lriiclpullls l‘l'illll llll llll'l'l‘
(‘ill‘lll‘l‘ lllL‘(‘llll.;l; wi‘rc pros-rill. llli‘
Pl'csldrnls lll llll‘ i-illlc, " l'lli'lllly
lllli‘l silldl‘lll l'lpl'csl-lllillll'cs. l)l'
Suylcs. [ll‘lsidlllll lll Stillu. lll'.
I“l'l“.ll‘l'l(‘l{h. l)lll‘(‘ll)l' ill 'l‘l‘llllllllli,
l“l.’l1'l'll['l‘ (iill’lilll. Vin. (‘l‘cllc (lllld-
lll rilnr. ‘elfl. iillzl lilllil‘l'l tilllll\‘.lll. 'illi.
sllulll‘ l'nr Sinh-
l‘l‘lrlll'llllilll ill ('ill‘l'li‘llilllll

lll lll'l‘\‘.llll:~ l=\i‘l".lll‘1'. itii- .ulllili-rl
lll' llll)l|l‘.lll'.lll \\ll: lllvl'llwl‘ll lll ll‘lil'
lillll wllll llll‘ illll‘llllllilliill lll'lil
illl‘il lll‘llh‘l'll lllllll.ll‘.l‘llll"lI :ll:.i l.l~
lllll', 'l'lll‘ ll'illl‘fllf-l‘ llli'l‘llll': \\i~!'.‘.
(ill in d‘lluii- 'l.i' llll'lll'lllll (ll airlin-
lllllllll Ell llll‘ l'llllll'llllllll ill .lll ll'\l'l:.
(ll .‘nl'lllllll :llld ll.‘v ll c lll l)l'll"l' "l‘lil
lllllliz lll'i‘l‘lll'll ‘lllllllv (lll l'illllllllii
('illiliiliili‘iu- \ll‘ll' .llilmlllizd in wild)
lll.‘ l‘llll‘ll'llllllll lll wt \\l\l‘ll‘ .llll
llilW lll'lilli'llllllll iillllil lli' llil‘lllllill
Qlll'slilllh lllrii‘lirml‘ll

lll \lliil‘lill‘lll. llll' llll'lll‘lllll «ll
lll'llllrulioll ill .~.lllili-lil jzllH'l‘lllllvlll.
nllllly (llll‘tillilll‘i \‘.l'l':’ Hill-l‘ll .'\li-
llll‘ hllllll'lll :lliil ll’l‘xllll‘. \\l'll l‘lllill"ll
((llll'llll‘ll lll lll.‘ llM' ill ili‘lllli'ullml
lll lic illlll‘ l.) ‘tll llp ll» lll‘ll‘llllll‘lf.’
Willll. kind lll lili-ulll .‘xllllll'lll ills
llllll's would lll' llllllll llll' lull-.llr»
Hull 01‘ :ll'lJlll‘dllllll'.‘ Who \ylil do
llll‘ illllil,l'illlll;:'.‘ Will llll' lll'lllll'J‘
llllll llil \‘illlllllill‘l "

lll this llllllllllllih ilh‘tl‘lllllly llll‘
(talilrlilioli loin-mold.lllrim will
[)l‘l‘b'l‘illi llli- i'l‘i‘illlli‘i llllil lillii‘l' lllll'h-
lions l‘lllsrd ill Hyl'urnti.

mprc-fit. The annual Leah Loven-

- \

twe- COLLEGE  7, .iarlilcorrins‘f 

 

,Leollip‘nnheim contest
' Calls Toff Aspiring Aether:

‘ Here’s " chance for aspiring
authors to turn their ability to

lieim English Composition Con-
test w.ll pay prizes of $10 each
for the best poem and short
story, and $5 for thebest piece
of non-fiction.

Dr. Sheilds Mcllwaine is in-
terested in discovering those who
might be selected for Creative
Writing clasa next year. Just’to
make it easy, there are no re-
strictions regarding form or
length of selections. Type the
manuscript, double space. and
sign a pseudonym. Then
write your name, the pseudonym,
and title on a slip of paper, put
it in a sealed envelope which-is
clipped to the manuscript. and
deliver it to Dr. McIlwaine in
Room 36, Richardson, by May 14.
One entry may be made in each
type.

After that there’s nothing to
do but wait for the decision of
Miss Isabel Jewett for Short
Story, Perry Westbrook for non-
fiction. and Dr. McIlwaine for
Poetry.

 

 

 

College Groups
Plan Activities
For Final Weeks

The Departmental Clubs and For-
um liuve scheduled activities for the
coming weeks.

Forum Panel Discussion

Rosario Trusso. '45, Speaker of
Forum, announced that a panel dis-
cussion will be held in two weeks.
Members of the group will discuss
various aspects of the San Francisco
World Security Conference. The
meeting will be open to all.
Commuter Plans

Members of Commuters Club voted
to hold an informal social function,
for members only, in place of the
Open House which was cancelled be-
cause of the death of President Roo-
sevelt. Shirley Rice, ’46, President
of the Club. stated that it will prob-
ably be a picnic or a roller-skating
party. No deﬁnite date has been de-
cided upon yet.

Margery Cramer, '46 and Gloria
Russo, ’47 demonstrated the man-
ufacture of cosmetics at the monthly
meeting of Chemistry Club in Huest-
ed Tuesday night.

Preceding their demonstration.
they gave a brief report on the
physical composition of various types
of cosmetics. This was followed by
their swift blending of several chem-
ical compounds into actual samples
of nail-polish. ranging from colorless
in deep red. lipstick and face powder.
Business Meeting

Yci'kin dcr Bcdroslnn. '45, Presi-
drnl. conducted the business meet--
ing of the club. Plans for n lnlc-
sprinll picnic were completed and
llonilllllllolls for next year's officers
wcl'c lllllclc.

'l‘liiisc llonllnnlcd wcl‘c: President.
llilllllllc Clcvcn. Margery Crulncr,
.izlllllll 2i; Vii-r—prosklcnlwGloriil Rus—

i. Moor; Rood. Sophomorcs. Ilil~
ll'iclu llullllilln, "ill; Sllcl'llllll'y~~i\l-
lll‘l'l Hulk, .lllllcl Wallis. l'll‘l‘lli‘l‘l
l' l l. Honllolllorcs; ’l‘l'l‘ilsllrcl'~~—Nol'—
lllil l’ulwllilk. ‘47. lll‘li‘ll Wujllll. ‘-lli.
l‘lll‘l‘lllll :. will lillil‘ plucc Molldily
.llll I llllllil.

Hi ;- ‘\i:ll'l:llrcl liclv, lnsll‘uclor ill
l‘lli-lilrll‘l. lllld Dr. (i. ll}. lilllll'ul'd.
l‘llil-wll' ill' (.‘lll‘liilﬁll'y. ('llll) :ldyls»
.nl \ i iv “l'i‘Sl‘iil lll llll‘ lllccllllll

Seldom Lilccl Class (Slﬁlildlﬂils

lll' il‘linll‘ l‘llih‘i l‘ll'l‘ll‘ll lll: ll':l(ll~
lilfl ll lll .‘ilil‘llki‘l', (‘llllm lllslill‘lilll.
l“... l‘liiplli-I llllll (‘l:l:..~; l"ll-.ll lll llll
. ll l "lw.l llll'l‘lllll' ‘l‘lll' .dlly :illi‘l‘llilllll
l'lill‘ llll l‘.lil\llll'»llp l):|_\ :llld l.‘,l‘:l(l-
l‘:=llidl \\l l'l‘ llllill (llivl‘llh‘il‘ll.

l'lli‘ lli‘l'llilllfi lll‘iil.‘ll llll‘ follow
my. innit»: Irv Hillulil‘l'. Murillo
imii l‘lil~..-. lllslol‘liin (ll‘l'll‘lllll‘
\‘.ll >\\ll' ll’lllll l"llll‘ \\':l.\ l'llllH'll
ll:|" llllll .llld lt‘llllu l\l'.ll':.ll. (‘lilfiv
l‘i‘ll, llll

ll'l llll‘ llil'l'. \\.l:. |‘ll'l'll‘ll l'lll;-.
.iililillul' lill‘ llli' l'lilhii (ll '-l;'l lil‘-'
ll. ... lll illilllgl. :‘iplll lll. lll :l.\:$l‘llllil).

will" lll. 
illl (:UIJ LGIL .ll W|'.l.l.l\‘

101:) CENTRAL AVE.

Fern *  
Urgently Needed
Dcpi.‘ ol Agriculture
Seeks Siudcnis"A_id

Due to the pressing conditiOns 'of
wartime labor, workers are needed

to help harvest farm crops and do ‘

other farm chores all over the New
England states. These workers are
urgently needed and many are to be
obtained from the colleges and high
schools of New York State.

The shortage mainly exists from
June to October but principally dur-
ing the peak months of June and
September. The main work will con-
sist of picking, packing, sorting such
crops as strawberries, currants,
beans. tomatoes, onions. cherries,
grapes and apples. In June some
men will be needed in the milk pro-
cessing plants upstate.

Wages

The prevailing wages in the com-
munity for the work performed, usu-
ally on a piece work basis will be
paid the volunteer workers. Good
workers generally average $3.00 to
$4.00 a day. Working hours run 8
hours a day, 6 days a week.
Housing

Harvest workers are housed in
special camps established in areas
where a shortage of labor exists.
camp sites are equipped for recrea-
tion after working hours and man-
aged by tralned personnel.

Transportation is provided for
workers who remain on the job at
least two weeks. Round trip trans-
portation is provided for those who
stay four weeks or more.
Requirements

The requirements for registration
are a medical certiﬁcate. accident
insurance for those workers under
18, a specific period of time should
be contracted. However, the depart-
ment of Agriculture states that the
most important requirement of all is
the willingness to serve and a deter-
mination to follow through to the
end.

Application

Those students interested in help-
ing with this vital phase of war
work are urged to apply to the near-
est United States Employment Serv-
ice, County Agricultural agent. col-
lege employment office or Mrs. Mar-
tha Eddy, head of the Woman's
Land Army.

Fine To Release Primer

On Moving Up Day

Ruth Fine. ’45. editor of the Pri-
mer. announces that the literary ma-
gazine of State College will be avail-
able to students on Moving Up Day.
May 11.

For the flrst time the magazine
will be furnished with illustrations.
Estelle Konl‘nlcon. '45, art editor of
lilc Primer. states that those illus-
lrullons llllvo been designed with the
ililcnllon of presenting u more pro-
fessional looking mnguzlnc.
l‘rimcr Stuff

In addition to Miss Fine and Miss
Kalllaliion. lilo Pl'lmcr staff includes
Muriel Fcldlllml. '45. lllcrury cdilol‘.
liclcli Bllslmcll. ‘45, Busincss Milli-
:lgcl’. illld llil‘ sllldcnls working- un-
.ll‘l‘ illnlll.

(‘ollll'illlliors

Conlribuliolls from lhc following
Stillc Collcpc Slillli‘lllﬁ will ilppclll':
Hulll li‘lnc. ll‘l‘lll‘ Hock. Rulll So—
('lllllll. Sl‘lllors; lsllbl-llc Mllloy. Pllyl-
llfi O‘Connor, llclly O‘Nl‘il. Pilll'lClil
l“l‘l‘lillll. llfsllll-l' Ullll. Abbic Swycl‘.
lllull (Jussul‘unl. Mill‘loll luclow.
.llllliilrs: llolllrcs li‘ilWSllll, ‘il'l. mid
.\’lill‘ldll Micros. ’illl.

Kenny Voled To Trusteeship

lll‘. ll‘illllll Kclllli-y. §.'.lllllilll('l' dl—
ll‘l'llll' (ll Milnr lllf.‘,ll School. llils
.l'v"'llll_‘.' lll‘l‘ll l‘ll‘l‘ll‘(l ll) llll‘ ll‘uslrn—
li‘ll (ll llll‘ Nllllonill Vocullonnl
l; llelllll'.‘ Association.

lll'. liiilllli-y llll'llli‘l‘ly llcld lllc po-
l lull lll [lini'i'llllvc Sl‘l'l'l‘llll'y lll' llllri
.“.‘.l‘.‘.‘.ll'lllll. 'l‘llc Assoriulloll llus
. '«l‘.llll.lll'. lllllll'll of NW ll‘llsll'ils
.l'll .I ll;l:lllllill lllclllbcl'slllp of l)\’l‘l‘
l_i.l.ll

luck liters“ﬂ_

\l'rslcl'll iv ()llilll
Inc. ll llnlllc for school li‘llll'lli‘i‘i
l'l'onl ll A.l\l. in (i l.’.l\"l.

In 

"I'll be down to get

honey—you'd better be ready. mind"

about eight —- {cause‘ honey: it’s a5

heavy date—Fat the Cafe Gremlin
next Friday night!" » ,

HaVe you been stepping Iout- in so-
ciety lately, ‘ making the rounds,
keeping up on the latest hep spots?
Well folks here is your last chance
to blossom forth, before Moving-Up
Day has overpowered and weakened
your physical stamina. The Grem-
lin Cafe will swing into session right
here at State on Friday eve, May 4,
with all the music, entertainment.
women, and liquids that one can
possibly squeeze into the short hours
from 8-12.

Or would you rather lean on a
bar? Well if not too heavily you can
support yourself with a stiff bracer
at the far end of the room near the
coke machine. Do not fail to con-
sider. however, those immortal words
“everything in moderation" or how
could you possibly take in the spec-
tacular floor-shows planned for your
enjoyment throughout the evening.
They are guaranteed to chase away
those blues. bring down the rafters
(along with the library stacks), and
in general make you forget your
last bull session with the clean.

Solace for everyone! The melan-
choly may drown their sorrows in
the "spirits" of Rum and Coca Cola,
those interested inimore substantial
nourishment may order One Meat-
ball, while the sweet aspects of life
may be accentuated with Candy.

Outstanding among the floorshows
(and there will be three offered
throughout the evening) is that pas-
sion pouring blues singer. Mimi Reu-
bln, who will make your heart turn
over and back again in her rendition
of the latest sizzling numbers. Those
ever popular and rhythm packing
gals, Brennan. Nielsen. and Warsaw.
will tap out your latest hit selec-
tions.

Joyce Releases
Play Committees

Martha Joyce. '45, President of the
College Playhouse, has announced
the committees of “Night Must Fall”
as follows: Publicity, Martha Spren-
ger, '45. chairman; Connie Lessler,
Clyde Cook. and Sheila Watkins,
Sophomores, Dorothy Skelton, Joan
Gray, and Betty Cavanaugh. fresh-
men; Props. Ellen Maloney, ’47,
Chairman; Evelyn Dorr, Gloria
Thompson, Alice Becker's, Gertrude
Kasper. Patricia Kearney. Sopho-
mores; Helen Kelly, Elaine Navy,
Rosemary Ryan. freshmen.

Sets and Lights

Mary Harvey. ’47. will head the
Sets mid Lights Committee. with
Pat Mulcnby. '45. Margaret Worsley
and Lore Kul'm. Juniors. Beverly
Broderick. Ada Jane. Mnrtin. B. J.
Bilalncr. Doris Lawson. Sophomores:
B. J. Schoonnmkcr, Glorlu Jl‘lfl‘cr,
Marlon Micros, Alicc Prindlc.
Frances Child. and Phyllis Will;
Penn. freshmen.

(‘oslumcs llollsc

Cllilll‘lllllll ol‘ Cnslumcs (‘Eoillmlllcc
is Al'lllll‘ Bclklll. '4“: Milry Elll'll
Dicncl', ltlllll I‘ll‘l'fllllilll. (‘iloriu
'l‘honlson. Sopllolllorcs; Mill-jury I‘ll—
lllurc. i‘lol'ollly Dii'l'lll. Al'lll‘ill‘ lilhcl‘.
Alicc Williilllls, lll‘ll‘ll Kelly. lllld
lllly Wclss, ll'l-iilllllcll: llllllrll‘, Mun-
lllu Sprcllpcr. '-l:i. clnlil'nlilll: Muri—
lllllu' llllvlll. lilll'llill'll Ulll'l‘li‘l', llnll
Mill'llurcl Will'slcy, Juniors; Adll
illllll‘ NIlli‘llll, (inlllllc Loss-loin ii. .l.
.llllll-s. lllld .lllllll I\l\'l‘l'Sllll. t-iilpllil-
lllol'ril; illllll‘l 'l.il Ruc. “in.

’l‘llc clllnlllllli-cs lll'i‘ still own lllld
illlHilll‘ lllll-l'l‘sli‘d llluy sign up on
llli‘ Ul‘lllllillll‘ lilllli‘llll liillll'll lll
lili‘llill’dh‘llll.

Gunner: D, JLONEY, l‘lloi'

Midllﬂllllill

lBBWZDO CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our lillsincsslnull‘s l.llllcll

600

debut in 'the ' Saylos

lshe has offered: h

ing performance. All, activity will
again cease when Spike Silvernaii
steps into the spotlight with her-
soothing melodies.

The Café policy has one unique
feature. Bridge will be offered to all
patrons who desire to lntermingle
wine. women, and song with a game
of bridges ; '

The Sophs are anticipating a thril-
ler’ of an opening night and they
wish to extend a most cordial invi-
tation to all State clubbers. As a
further gesture of good will, all first
night proceeds will be turned over
to the war effort. '

So get out the topper and the dia-
mond clasp, sweeten up your sweetie.
or stagger as a stag but come to the
Cafe Gremlin. on Friday nite. The
cover charge is only 25 cents and the
curfew will not interfere with pleas-
ure or service. ,

This is the last chance before
Moving Up Day for the Seniors to
bid adieu, for the Juniors to rally
round, for the Sophs to super do,
and the frosh to show their stuff. ‘

Elections Today

(Continued from page 1,

thea Silvernail and Mary Telian:
Publicity Director: Joan Alverson,
Frances Fegiey. Molly Kramer, Pa-
tricia Sheehan and Marian Vittulo;
Student Council Representatives:
Celina Axelrod. Joy Beckers, Ruth
Bentley, Julia Boxer. Mary Carey.
Julia Collier, Katherine Guido.
Philip Lashinsky, William Mallery,
Eugene McCarthy, Chris Truman.
Gerhard Weinberg and James
Whytock; Editors of the Freshman
Handbook: Ann Cullinan. Kay Ha-
gerty, George Hess, Betty Rose Hilt,
Lois Holstein, Helen Honeycombe,
Vivian Nielson, Mary Tessier and
Marilyn Warsaw. ‘

Freshman Class

President: James Brophy, Roger
Nielson. and Harold Vaughn; Vice-
President: William Baldwin, Gloria
Gilbert, and Alice Williams; Secre-
tary: Betty Brebeck. Betty Cava-
naugh. Vera Chudiak, Virginia
Dowd, Virginia Di Gregorio, Shirley
Forman. Evelyn Jamison, Ann May.
and Ann McErlean; Treasurer:-
Marie Balfort. Rodney Felder. Char-
lottc Lolly. Jane McCormack. Eliza-
beth McEvoy, and Sally Pratt; WAA
Representative: Jean Conner. Wil-
ma DiClll. Hilda Fiedler. Ellen Rock-
ford. and Rita Shapiro; WAA Mim-
agcr: Dorothy Diffin. Marie Quinn.
and Patricia Tilden;- Student
Council Representatives: Jean Bar-
num. John Boles. Ritn Coleman,
Edllli Doll. Robert Hnrdt. Paul Men-
dows. Currie Mills. Elnlnc Navy.
Bolsy Nllylor. Sue O’Connell, Ruth
OSlJOl'lll‘. Alicc Pl'llldlc, Rulll Slcl~
bili'll. B. J. Sclloonmnkcl'. Roscllilll'y
Ix‘yull. l“l'lill(‘05 Willsli. nnd Eloise
\Vlil‘llli (lllcrrlcildcl': Gludys l’lilwk,
Alillii li‘lliwule. Dorothy Skollon.
liiltlillc ’l‘l-ppl-r. and Virginia Young;
lillllllli'ﬂlll’l'i Mary Giovanni. Dol'cllc
llilllullil, lli‘ll‘li Kls‘lnl, llcll'll Lolly;—
yll. .lll:~lilll‘ Mullllloy illld Phyllis
Will l‘l‘llll.

 

Hollywood
Barber Shop

“Elli i‘cllirul :‘i'l‘lllli‘ Albany. N. 1'.

 

DIAL Swims

dAFETEﬂlA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

