   

 

 

 

 

— By MARY LIZ SULLIVAN -—-
Well, here is our gripe for the day,

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 9, 1945

in Rivalry "Hockey, 2-0

Add 2 More-Points '
To Make Score 4i/2-3'

Yesterday, on Page Field, the
Sophs and frosh battled it out to
determine the winner of the hockey

 

Siena Subdues
State, 32 - l2

In their first encounter this sea-

 Bow To Sophs ' ' Wagner Scores

Tourney Upset;
Wins 3 Out at 4

The MAA ping-pong tournament
is well on its way to a speedy and
exciting completion. One of two
semi-finals and another match in
the halfway mark have been com-
pleted at this writing.

The unexpected upset of the tour-

so we might as well get it over with game and rivalry two points. The son with siena, tSate was defeated nament took place on Wednesday

. . . why do all the teams'play their
games on Thursday afternoon at

Sophs downed the frosh 2-0. ‘
The Sophs started fighting right'

32-12.
Playing on an unusually sloppy

when Wagner defeated Kaufman in
a semi-final match. Wagner won

4 or 4:30.718 there some fatal “‘5' away when they realized the frosh field, Siena nevertheless got off to the first game 21-17, Kaufman took
cination for that day and the hour were in there with all they had ja good start as Ryan ran fifty yards the second 21—10. with Wagner re-
thet. 110. one can resist 0‘ is it that ready to win. Tilden started to for a touchdown at the beginning turning to Wm the third and fourth,
at that time no one can see the be“ take the ball to Soph territory but of the first quarter.

so the team that pays the referee

was stopped by Molbérg who

State carried their ball to the

21-17, being the final score of both
games. Kaufman, favored to win

the most money will automatically brought the ball to mid-field. Here 12-yard line where Siena took pos- in earlier predictions, didn't play as
Win the game- There mus“ b90119 the ball see-sawed back and forth session of it. Woodworth intercepted wen as was expected, evident by the
'day in the Week besmes ThurSday 0n the field When a long drive by a pass and ran it baCk 25 yards be' fact that his usual ability to place
at that late hour when all the mem' McGinnis brought the ball to the fore he was stopped. as the first the ball in any position he might
bers of the teams can manage to get Soph territory for the first score Quarter ended With the Score in wish was not up to par. Wagner

together. Since it gets dark so much
earlier, the games either have to be
postponed or called because of dark
ness. If the play-offs could start at
3:30 there would be enough time to
finish the game and be able to go
home without the aid of headlights.
We note that a “Back to Camp
Johnston" movement has been
started. The gals around here are
finally realizing the potentialities
. of that place. Just think—no hours,
few rules and everybody can do
almost anything they want to do.
’Round here the thing to do now
is——not read the book “How To
Win Friends And Influence Peo-
pic” but rather take them to Camp
Johnston on a week-end and really
go to town.
Army Villanova
And then too we had some repre-
sentatives at the Army-Villanova
game last week who say, even
though Army won 54-0, it was worth
the trip just to see Army's forma-
tion. We understand they also

had a slight bit of trouble with S

their car . . . .

We thought the Notre Dame-
Navy game last week slightly dis-
appointing as we wanted to see
Notre Dame beat Navy not merely
tie them. A slight amount of dis-
agreement was shown here, how-
ever, as we sat listening to the
game with several avid fans who
were all out for Navy. We are go-
ing to listen to the Army-Notre
Dame game behind locked doors
and will positively refuse to speak
about the matter if Notre Dame
loses. We do note however, that
Army is the favored team. Any
way this is taken, it is agreed that
this game will be something for the
books. on to be one of the 70,000
fans expected to witness this game
with “keen interest". Yankee Sta-
dium~hcre wc come!

To continue in this train of
thought (refrain from remarks) the
Army-Navy game promises to be
an exciting game play-off—there-
fore we have made ourselves a little
motion-~Well everybody else has!
Our motion is as follows: “Be it
resolved that we take up a collec-
tion to repair Kaufman's car so
we can all go to the Army-Navy
game.” Purely unselfish motives of
course but now all we need is an
old hat in which to put all the
money we expect to receive. Dimes,
nickles or pennies, any small dona-
tion will be appreciated.

Upset Scored

The MAA Ping Pong tournament
took a surprise turn last Wednes-
day when Kaufman was defeated
by Wagncr in their semi-final
game. Kaufman has been the fa-
vored player since the tournament
started and therefore it was some-
what of a surprise when we heard
he had been beaten. Those little
things are what makes life so very
interesting. Here we had been pros
dlctlng again (bad habit to get
into) and what happenswthc usual
thing.

Anybody else we suppose would be
discouraged, but far from it, we
keep right on undcunted.

Remarks Again

Seems no one has really heard
anything about Hyllnd getting mar-
ried so we are transferring the fund
collected to buy her a wedding pres-
sent to the fund to buy Kaufman
gqme now sweaters, shirts etc. Or
Won't you heard about the A is
for the A-—in Art-wand so on—~cluh.
There fads are going to he the
death of somebody yet!

of the game.

The ball was kept in Soph terri-
tory during most of the game with
the Soph muffing several chances

favor of Siena.
Second Quarter

The second quarter started as
Woodworth intercepted another pass

Was in top form and played a pro-
ficient offensive game.
Crandell Scores

In the quarter-finals, Crandell dc-

to score again. PaSCUZZl. taking the and throwing to Sumvan Who Went feated Weinberg in two straight

ball on the offensive ran the length
of the field when Tilden took over
with a. short drive narrowly missing
the goal. The frosh brought the ball
back to their territory and with but
two feet to go the ball was taken
from them by Daly who prevented
the frosh from scoring.

The next attempts by the Sophs
were lost as the ball left the field
on a long left drive. A 25 yard bully

gave them a second chance but

for a first down. Sullivan received
the ball, passed to Farley who later-
aled to Weber. On this pass Weber
ran to score State’s first touchdown.
The try for the extra point was
knocked down. The score was now
tied 6-6.

For their second tally of the game
Siena again scored on a. pass from
Ryan to Quinlan. The extra point
was made by Quinlan.

Third Quarter
Woodworth received the kick-off

games, winning 21-17 and 21-18.
Crandell will play Zippin, another
favorite, in the second round. The
hvinner of this match will play
Weiner in the other semi-final.
Zippen, runner-up in last year’s
tournament, has a good chance of
coming through this season if he
continues his steady, often brilliant
performances.
Some Predictions
Interested spectators have been

 

 

Enjoy Yourself

college Pharmacy

7 No. Luke Ava.

 

Precipitation, Food, Buckshot
Revealed Strange Adventure
Eee-aw—Rain, rain go away
was the cry that echoed through
the halls or should it be hall of
Camp Johnston last week-end.
(Yes, the life of the duck is a
pleasant one.) Nothing much
happened outside of the fact
that three of the girls got shot
with hollow points (bullets to
the layman) as they strolled
leisurely across a meadow in the
rain. In the morning the little
band marched down to the creek.
half of them fell in—literally,
while the other half got out
grappling hooks and tried to haul
them out. Even with the rain,
there was a lot to do—after
breakfast the dishes were wash-
ed, after lunch the dishes were
washed, then of course after
supper the dishes Were washedi
One thing that can be said—the
food was good—~there will be a
slight pause in memory of two
individuals who were buried
after eating spaghetti and meat
sauce. When the time to go
came, Camp Johnston was happy
to retire to the rousing chorus
of, “We hate to leave—3’ and to
recover until the next trek.

WA A Plans
Sporting Spree
Hayride, Tea

WAA is sponsoring a hayride to-
night at 7:30 for the student body
which will culminate with a sports
spree to be held in the gym when
the hayride is over.

At 7:30 several wagons will be
waiting at the end of the Western
Avenue bus line to pick up all those
who intend to go.

Skit Featured

The entertainment in the gym is
under the direction of Dorothy Dif-
fin, ’48, and Gette Dunn, ’46. One
part of the entertainment will be a
skit by those daffy dillies—Vitullo,
Binn, etc—who made their debut at
the WAA frolic for the frosh. Jean
Hegginger, ’48, and Shiela. Maginess,
‘48. are the heads of the refresh-
ment committee and promise donuts
and hot chocolate to all the frozen
hayriders that return to the gym.

Miss Foster and Miss Johnston
will chaperone.

There is a sign-up sheet on the
WAA bulletin board in lower Draper
for all those who wish to go.
WAA Tea

Thursday, November 15, WAA will
have its annual tea in the lounge
from 3:30-5:00. Miss Johnston. Miss
Foster, Georgette Dunn and Mary
Seymour will pour at this event.

Edna Sweeney. ’47, and Wilma.
Diehl. ’48, are scheduled to relate
their experiences at hockey camp
this summer and a second feature of
the evening will be a fencing ex-
hibltlon staged by Chuck Axelrod,
'47. Various sports will be explained
and discussions will be held.

The tea is for all those interested
in WAA. Freshmen especially are
invited.

 

 

(TOMPLIMENTS
OF

RAMPUS
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROF.

BOULEVARD

 

again the goal was missed. Here the b t tate f _ heard to say that Zipper, can beat
fr0sh took over but failed to score. Stings; gam'augfsuig Eigfcegte?ba Wagner with ease_ Weiner can prob-
The Sophs succeeded in gatting the state pass and ran it back 16 yards ably top Zippen, therefore Weiner is
ball as far as mid-field where Tichy Ryan caught a pass and scored the predicted as this yeaws pingmong
sent a long drive down to Soph third Siena touchdown camp.
scoring territory' Qumn t°°k the State ralied as Sullivan assed
ball and scored a second point for to Weber for a touchdown topm k
the Sophs. m the time left, neithelii the Score 1942 a e t t
team could manage to keep the ba Fourth Quarter ‘   S ar 5
9‘23 tshe game'endw in favor Of the tlrlSiena. again took the offensive in I Y I
~ e fourth period and scored two 4 D F
Outﬁaﬂadmg :3 Sm;  $2113 more touchdowns, by Ryan and Fi- 8 e  
were 0 erg a dele. The extra point on one of
and Masiness sparkplugged the these was blocked. The final score Winn" of ’47-’46 Tilt
Soph team. was 32-12.  Pl S h T
, ————————- -—————-——-— I CY Op cam
 d ’47  F b The Volley ball tournament
I“ starter] off with a bang last Tues-
 e s s  day as the Freshmen and Sopho-
I H k 1 ‘I mores tore into each other ending
Top State Team '1 OC 6y I l' with the Sophs beating the fresh
21-14.
The freshman finally got in a .
Albany Med, making use of a hockey practice game last Monday, ongnga'igouglﬁlémti:  0:30;
lightning fast running. atth on the Dorm field. when they were few extra men so that they could
Chalked up two of their three downed by their SlSter Classv 1'0‘ rest their players at intervals dur-
touchdowns during the first half of With Sweeney and Baker teaming mg the game ‘
the game as they defeated State up together, the Frosh could do little Both Seame'n of the fresh team
19-12 last Mondalh on Page Field but go on the defense. The Juniors and Ricci of the Soph team exccl_
In the first period Med recovered were at a great advantage because led in “sitting up," a play involv-
a State fumble and marched for a or their preVlouS years working to' ing the quick stoppage of the ball.
touchdown in three plays. On the gether “5 ‘1 unit- This “10“ 0f unity hitting it up vertically and then
first play La Rue ran around right on he part or the Fi'OSh- led to “lair returning it over the net. This
and for a twenty yard gain and a downmn- type of return is effective since
first down. On the next play Wilber Attempts Fa" t makes it possible to place the
went through center for fifteen JOSH“ and P1835 were Omsmndmg ball accurately.
yards. The pay-off came on trick on the Dimmer bl“ “5 they “Gama Fortunately there were no rivalry
play. La Rue passed to Sappington the goal, the” forward line Ci'um' points at stake but rivalry spirit
who in turn lateraled to Coluburn bled' Three times they brought the run high all during the game.
who ran across the goal line for ball within the striking circle and The Junlor_Sen|0r volleyball ti“
the first score of the game. LaRuc 9"“ failed in web Qttempt to score- originally scheduled for chnos—
converted the extra point. may W0” ‘1 “3’”in bum" h0w' day, Nov. 7, has been postponed until
Med scored again in the second 0mm”, and (13311: ﬁfncledeh-tii‘i Tuesauy ov' 13' The winners or
mind M the touchdown was set_ VC my 0 7 u" e "a W ‘5 c this match will play the Sophomore
P A ‘ . f 1 l blew. V team on the fifteenth of November.
“9 by a WNOH 0 Fun" ng Days- The Juniors fielded a far superior If there are any further postmnm
State “meted “nether running tmmv and Should have scored at merits due to the weather they will
Play was surprised by 9- 9355 from least two more goals. Baker drlb- be pmwd on the WAA bulletin
L11 Rue t0 Donne" resulting in “ bled the ball from the half-way bourd‘
second touCthWn' The "Y for the mark and then passed to Schncy '
em‘ﬁ DOlht failed- for the only score of the game. Sit-
As the second half hogan. Med fig and Doiinclly greatly hindered
struck like lightning and scored the forward thrust of the Juniors,
their final touchdown on a boss who, without this nggitntion and
from La Rue to Mayor. with a bit more teamwork could
A rojuvlnated State team work- have made the score higher.
mg from a spread formation bounc- Another docldlng factor in favor
ed right back to score when wood. of '47 was that Margot and Diffln
worth recovered a fumble behind filled in for the Juniors. ’l‘holi‘
the line of scrimmage and ran for jobs in the halfback positions woro
a touchdown The extra point was capably filled and it were they who
scored on a pass from Sullivan to lllﬂlptﬁl in Shwnriing tho rushes the
Griffin. “‘08 mu 0.
The fourth period found State Tm“ gm“ “‘0de “m Fm’lh
pushing Mod all over the field. Wm“ tyl’” of (’Ompouui’" they
Vaughn. playing his last game be. would Ibe up against when they
fore entering the Army, made some l’layo‘l 48-
spoctnculnr runs around the end
and through center for large gains.
His last run carried the bull to H. F.  a 
within five yards of the goal. Sulli-
van on a quarterback sneak scored Pharmaciﬂts
the final touchdown for State. nuaumm lDol FHONI a-aou
Before State could get underway in CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

again time ran out and the game
ended 10-13.

ISO—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

The most of the Rest

for the Least

DIAL 5—l9l3

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

STATE COLLEGE-1  ‘

   
  

echo-9V o    

CAMPUS
‘ f chi-jar 7 -.

 

 

State Coﬂege

ALBANY. NEW YORK, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1945

'VOL. xxx no. "a

 

. . 0
NEWS CHOOSES Langmuir Stresses Co-operatton
SIX $0PHOMORES Between Nations 0f W Id

Before a large audience of Alban- in Russia are so well known that
“ms this week: Dr- Irvmg Lang' the common people consider them
Sports Staff Appoints
Two New Members " one of the leaders in the atomic know the leading scientists of this
> > - bomb ‘research, presented a dis- .
countiy?
been promoted to the position of interview followin the lecture Dr.
Sophomore Desk Editor as a result Langmuir expresgd his Views: on mun" one Of the creators of the
atomic bomb. stressed the import-
STATE Common News Board. Sopho- 1th 11 th ti f
more additions have also been made In 1 , - “0W ours! W a 0 91‘ “a 01‘s 0
he June of 1945’ Dr Langmun the world. According to the noted
will be initiated for selection 0
members to this department. tative of the United States to con- fear of atomic attack and thus in.
ference of world scientists celebrat- crease the assurance of world peace.
are Carol Clark, Mary Virginia.
. ‘ . . Russian Academy of Science. Dur- ed a conference at which England,
DOWd' Mammy Elmore’ Manone ing this conference. when many Russia and the United States could
ford chosen from the Sopho- f . . . . - n
" ' . . eient solentists, Di. Langmuir bomb. World powors must control
mmes t‘ymg out for the posm‘m' found the Russian scientists bril- atomic energy," argues Dr. Lang-
New Sports Staff members from Whereas the scientists of other na
, . . . - - Intolerance and lack f un r-
the Class Of 43 are Rita Shapiro and tions, including Dr. Langmuir, were standing, according to lgr. Lafiiag.
Change has been made in this de‘ Russian scientists willingly shared 1, ' '
, . etween RUSSliL and th Unite
Dal'tmeht Wthh W1“ be effeCtlve their secrets and thus initiated it states. Democracy 51109992135 in Am?

1.444
AS By ANN MAY do RUTH SEELBACH
DESK EDITORS
mulr, 1932 Nobel Prize Winner and leaders. How many Americans

Six Sophomore reporters have course on science in Russia. In an Throughout his talk Dr. Lang_
0’3 elections held this week by the sciehce in RUSShl- ance of sharing the secret, which is
to the Sports Staff and a new POHCY was invited to Russia as a represen- scientist, this would reduce the

Des“ Editors for the year 1945-46 ing the 220th anniversary of the To accompliSh this Grid he 13101305-
Hm‘land» Ann May and Ellen ROCh' ideas were exchanged by the dif- discuss the problem of the atomic
Sports Sh!“ iant, co-operative and subtle. inuil'.
Paula TiChY- A NEWS COHStl'tUtion told to learn a lot and tell it little: inuir, is the main cause of distrust
next year if it is approved by Stu- policy of co-operation which Mr. erica not because it is the best sys-

dent Council. From the freshman Langmuir believes can 'llld should tem of -ovemment -

. ‘ t z evei devise bu
class five tryouts will be elected. Out be. extended to include all relation- becausegit is based on a firm “gum?
gfe tfgzsilflilgcilgléﬁt ships among nations ation traditions. In like manner
these three’ two wm‘be S'clected the This improved relationship must zilgcelgdussséggaufsgnﬁ tgfo go‘gﬁgigleéﬁ
following year. be realized in the very near mm” traditions a fact which few Ani rl
Election Procedure if World peace is to be. secured' It ca‘ns sceni to understand 6 -

From the six Sophomore Desk is Dr. Langmuir’s belief that Rus~ '
Editors chosen this year, three jun- 515‘ has “0 aggresswe tendendes'
for Associate Editors for next year’s buii the .fem' Of {Hawk may force
News Board will be announced on 23111:?) (“Sate mcl’éie mid Patter at'  

, _ . omus rcsu ng in for emer-

M°Vmg Up Day “"5 year" From gence as a world leader in this sci-

these three the Editor-in-Chief or .

, 3 , . once. This Will be more casil ac-
co'Ed‘tors‘m'Ch‘ef wm‘ be deﬁed complished in Russia than ill! the  
thghgalggskoéadiiflct’ge‘g’te‘gigoiﬁglgg United States because the Russian
shown since tryouts began. T is Eggpiggﬁvaﬁniwater ingenuve and To ViSit RhOdeS Vets

. .. i g to sacrifice than , .

year a new precedent was initiated the average American. If the occa_ After Xmas Vacation
on the Editorial Staff- only those sion arose, the Russians would be The State 001168‘8 Troupe Show
Sophomores Who attend cab Classes willing to advance 10 to 20% of will entertain war veterans at the
and are EDDOinted sophomore [‘0' their national income towards the Rhodes General Hospital in Utica
DONG!"S at the CM 0f their fFGSh' advancement of science, whereas immediately following Christmas
man year are eligible to compete for the Americans would not be willing vacation. Muriel Rubin, Philip
the Position 01’ Sophomore Desk to advance even one percent of Lnghinsky, and Lox-mt Kunz, Jun.
Editor. their income, Dl'. Langmuir said. iors. and Eloise Worth, ’48, Directors

Cub Classes of the Show, are selecting members

At the present time the Russian . . .
Cub classes for freshmen tryouts government has agreed to appro- 23611120321221” mom those Who med

on the Nova will be continued until priatc as much as two billion dol-

ncxt semester, when those showing lnrs to scientlific endeavor. Amerl- Change Plans

the most ability and interest will cans, w tli tielr higher standards" . . . i _
be given an opportunity to work on of living. are more concerned with inﬁiffigﬁiilﬁfdut‘: Ithdulﬁsgllil
the PEDOI‘ 0110?! Week- Tiles” 01115595 higher wages' fewer working hours after Thanksgiving vacation but it
are held every Tuesday at noon in and better living conditions than was found to be impossible'to ob_
Room 206 of Draper Ha” Those the furtherment of science, as in min transportation at this time
freshmen who have not yet: Signed the case Of Russm' The 501mm” One half of the total expenses of
up and wish to try out are urged the trip will be paid by the Troupe

to Contact a member 0f the NEW“ members, with the remaining half

Board immediately   to be raised from other sources.
The Business, Advertising and

Circulation Staffs have announced

that some new members will be   

added later in the semester and

Due to the limited capacity of the
others elected next semester.

 

bus, it will be impossible to allow

everyone who tried out for the show

Mpnlday to go to the Rhodes Hos-

pi'a. Those who do not 0 this
Mﬂl‘iol‘ie O’Gl'ildy. '47. Chairman time. however, may be selecfled for

of the Campus Chest. has announc- another show at a utter date.

ed that two group houses, Beta

Zeta and Kappa Delta, have already "(isles-fies

contributed 100% to the drive. The A limited number of hostesses

Signum Laudis

O C 0
To  Inltlatlon goal for this drive which will end wm also be chosen, with a different day evening and a formal dinner the stateS_Men has announced that
Blanche Packer ’46 President of November 20. is $1 per student imd group to go each time from the list from 7100 to 11:30 Pr M- Saturday a date party will be held tonight in
. . canvnsscis have been assigned to or girls who signed up Monday. evening at each of the sorority the Lounge from 8 to 12 RM. The

Miss Kunz. Chairman of the H05- 11011505.

Signiun Laudis, honorary scholus- each group house.

tic fraternity. has announced that

the society will hold its reception 1 The coiivosscrs of the
and initiation for seven new mem- ion-503. faculty and organizations, Sign“, up to be a hostess.

toss Committee, will have a per-

ic Lounrc. ﬁle i ’47: Betti Zeta. Shirley For- , , w

a Dr. James W. Childcrs, Assistant mil-“v '43; P51 Gilmlhii. Mary Carey. 33:21“likermcczggggﬁuifnml
Professor of Spanish, will be the '47? Phi Delta» JOY BCCKGI'S. '47; 0111 E" H a 00'
principal speaker for the evening. Sigma Theta. Betty Rose Hilt, '47: A similar Troupe Show was or-
Dr_ Catherine Peltz’ Instructor m Commit Kappa Phi, Anita Pedislcli, gunlzcd the latter part of last your
English Miss Blanche Avery, m_ 46; Newman Hail, Mary Elizabeth to entertain veterans of the Sara-

structor in Commerce; Jeanne Ro-
sette. Virginia Greenmun, Adele

Kasper and Miss Packer Seniors
‘ ’, ’ Farrell House, Mar Lou Halo 5. in or 'aniain tho Trou a.
will be in charge of the ieception. .47; Alpha Epsilon Pm Jun“ Boxgr’ 3 g p

The new members from the class . . . .
of '46 are Nellie Glad, Beverly Link.   Jail]? gaggx'ngu' Dunk" will Po“ Proo“

ll

Celia Nngcr, Anne Peterson, Dorothy Elizabeth Mm. 0t .47
. . ‘ . . and Rita
231:2, Ominelo Rusho, and Gloria Slmmm his; Sygddum. alarm Baker. of the Directory, has announced that
' - ’47;
Signum Luudls is made up of the 47;

Ardlto, ’40; St. Thomas

net spring. and Faculty, Georgette Dunn, '46. posted for the corrections.

SING, BUSINESS MEETING" '
SLATED FOR ASSEMBLY ‘

Students Vote on Financial, And Motions;
’49 To Elect President, ’47,Represeniive

The traditional freshman sing will take place in Assembly today.
Following the sing a business meeting will be held and several im-
portant Myskania announcements made. At the conclusion of the
program the freshmen and Junior classes will vote for a president and
Student Council Representative, respectively. An open Student Coun-
cil meeting was held Wednesday night to discuss the practice of
Dramatic and Arts Council and Music Council in reserving seats for
the Albany public at their productions.

 

Myskania Releases Results
Of Frosh Tradition Trials

Results:
Blasbcrg vs. Rand—Not Guilty.
Blasbcrg vs. Nielson —- Guilty
Blasberg vs. Cooper — Guilty.
Nichols vs. Rand —- Guilty.

The program will open with the
singing of the Alma Mater and
State College Fight song by the
freshmen standing in the balcony.
At the conclusion, the class will fol-
low Agnes McIntyre, Vice-Presi-
dent, downstairs and through the
auditorium. Miss McIntyre will
lead the freshmen in the absence of
Gerald Dunn, President, who has

  

group “on,” interview with each girl who invitations through the mail iomor- held at the Aumnm Club on De_

H , . They i‘ow morning. All those receiving .

belb MOHGIIy night ill? 3.00 D- m~ 1“ lizlcllude' Kupp“ Deita’ Paunne Rus' will be picked on the basis of per- these invitations must answer them cembe‘ 16'
ability, immediately by return mail.

by Intersorority Council for the 81- ull States-Men and their dates may
lent period:

Sullivan, '40; North Hall. Margaret toga Hospital. This year's schedule Sﬂim‘dﬂy 0“ Wmc“ lilVlmthllS “1'3 been obtained for the formal dance
More includes visits to several more 1105- “WWW "hill the TUGSGW When at the Aurania Club on South Allan
House. Mary Jane Giovaniione, '48; pitals because of the earlier start “0511111011 “"3 lnl’iicd c0 Pledge Set" Sh‘eet- Plans are also being made
Vice- for the coronation of a State College

considered an offense to have a
. ' third person not as a medium to tickets will be on sale after T -
Agnes Young. 40. Editor-ln—ChICf curry on conversation with a rushee. giving vacation at a table liiwl‘hse

wommgduﬂgi, {lean Henry.  1if)i\i«il3(:yl]pf‘ooispwill be‘ pasted in piers {mall be no rushing during the
ran a I on, MoManus‘ ' o raper n w near orma rush eriod cxoeit as e i- ' -
highest hill Pei" cent 01’ the 391110? ’49; Stokes Hall. Rosalind pooier, future. She has urged that students fled above, slid only in lthe sols‘lirlty iiiiifa.ii‘%,f,‘iii$‘i§;“bmimﬁmgﬁg'
Class. Foul poi cent of these mem- '47; New Haul Madame sank. '49; watch for these proofs and correct houses. The penalty for breaking ert Nichols Robei‘tson B it ' 0 P‘
bers wore chosen in the spring and Sayles Hall Annex. James Miner, all data about themselves, such as Silent Period is to be left to the Alexander Monroe fresmznqrﬁd
four or cent this semester. The re- '46; Commuters, Audrey Bopp, '47; spelling, addresses and telephone discretion of Intersororlty Council, orations Robert Klttridgo  Roi;
main 18 members will be chosen Organizations, Dorothy Knapp, 't'l: numbers. An extra sheet will be the maximum penalty being removal ert Raider. fredlunen' viomliuhln:
from Council. sky. ' '

  
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
 
  
   
  
   
    
   
  
     
     
 
    
  
   
  
   
 
     
      
   
      
    
   
  
    
    

Harris vs. Fisher—Postponed. been ind
, ucted into the Armed
:Ia‘rrs kVS-f 0‘23"" — Dismissed Forces. Susan Anderson, Song-
0' “c 0 9" "‘09-, leader, will direct her class in the
William Blasberg, 49, contest- Singing

ecl three warnings, the first

.  o
given by Glorm Rand, ,48’ st Motions

' During the business meetin , sev-
Chmglhg him With cumng eral motions may be placed Ebefore ‘ .
caiRPJUS. ’the second by Roger Student-Association. The first mo- i
N 6 son, 43. f01 lefusmg to Sing tion, recommended by Student 3
the Alma MfItEI‘ 011 November 1: Council for passage states: “Be it 3
and the thhd by Isabelle COOP' resolved that: The sum of $2,000 be
81. 48. fOI the same reason- taken from the Student Association
Robert Nichols, '49, contested a Surplus Fund and added to the
Warning reported by Gloria Student Union Fund." The vote of
Rand for’cuttlng camDUS- Jean censure on Myskania will take place
Hollis: 49. diSDUCed Sylvia next. The third motion suggested
Fishers warning for entering by student Council for passage
a door in front 015 an upper- states: “It is hereby enacted that
classman, and a second Warning an student Association funds ap-
from Jean Connor. ’48. f01‘ the propriated for trips and conferences
same violation. shall be accounted for in accord-
ance with the following provisions:

1. One member of each group ex-

  pending such Student Association
funds shall be responsible for the
finances of the group.
II. This member shall present an
  itemized financial report to the
Student Board of Finance.
(a) This report shall be presented
T within two weeks of the first school
‘ day after the completion of the trip
of conference.
, , (b) The report shall be presented
Joyce MacDonald, 46, Pi esident of
Intersorority Council, has announced 3; $11118 0513:1121 lthudHamlpiuiifcegl meeting
that the invitations for the buffet (c) on “Sis “3311265) repggzlcihe
SUDDCI‘S 511d formal dinners Wthh miscellaneous item shall account
will comprise formal rush period will for no more than 1/20 of the funds
be sent to the freshmen women to- used.
day. This will mark the opening of
silent period, which will begin form- (Continued on Page 8 Col. 3)
ally tonight at 5:00 P. M. and will
extend until 5:30 P. M. Tuesday,
 4. tates - en Plan
Formal rush period will begin at
6:00 P. M. Friday. November 30. and c P T '
will end at midnight, Saturday, De-  
ccmber 1. This will include a buffet  
supper from 6:30 to 9:00 P. M. Fri-

 

Philip Lashinsky, ’47, President of

States-Mcr are also in k - -
Freshmen Women will receive their ments for 1the formall gigglgggge

Games and dancing are planned
for the States-Men’s Dt .
Following are the rules made out Refreshments will be 5359:3338

attend.

1. Silent period shall begin on the Armand Rteciovs Orchestra has

 
 
 
 

 

    
 

2. During this period it shall be Winter Qixeen at; this event,
The price of admission is $2.40 and

   
    
 

Intersm'ority Rules also state that lower hall or Draper,
Committees for the date party in~

 
  
   
   
    
   
   
 

  
 

 

 

  

