 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

= States a... are world; Since April 12, we have been
in mourning, yet our mourning is in company with

thefgreat and little people of every freedom-loving
nation. Our leader is gone“ How great a leader was
Franklin Roosevelt, how. greatly beloved, we have
known irrevocably since the bitter word came out
from Warm Springs, Ga. ‘

The clearest proof of his leadership is the thought
that coupled instantly with our grief: he would have
us carry on his ideals. He gave his life fighting for
world peace, as‘he would have us do, too, if need be.
He gave his country a faith in destiny for world lead-
ership which is matched only by the confidence other
nations put in America. Along with their condolences,
Churchill. Stalin, Chiang, Camacho and others prom-
i‘s'ed' President Harry S. Truman their continued co-
operation in forging tomorrow’s world. Of all those
great. spirits present at the building othhe‘ interna-
tional security organization, Franklin D. Roosevelt
will have the most right to lay the cornerstone. Yet
it is we who must lay his hand to that building made
not of stone or brick but of human respect and mu-
tual exchange.

He had hoped to see it in his time: the end of wars,
economic exploitation and racial hate which blinded
the peoples to their real enemies; the birth of intelli-
gent world government, which protected the small
people who are the world; the acceptance of arbitra-
tion as the 20th century way to settle misunder-
standings and grievances. He expected to welcome
the era of a creative life in which men and nations
will give to each other instead of grabbing and impri-
soning wealth, each for himself and the devil take the
have-riots. That world has been coming a long time.
It is closer today than it may be for centuries, if we
let it slip again.

There will be books and poems and, in the unseen
places, prayers to Franklin Delano Roosevelt. You
didn't have to vote the Democratic ticket last fall to
know this. We who have spent more than 12 years
of our lives under his administration know that he
was no saint—but we will never forget him, nor per-
haps ever know his equal again. He made mistakes,
yes: he was a man. The Roosevelt-haters, silent to-
day, will slowly enter the obscure ranks of those who
hated Moses, who discovered One God; Jesus, who
caught the vision of one humanity; Lincoln, who
taught that we were one free nation; Wilson, who
nearly formed the League; and Wilkie, who reminded
us of the vision of one world of free men. History
will soon add FDR to the legion of dreamer-fighters.

The night before his death in the cottage on Pine
Mountain, his last speech was written. Faint records
of that magically warm, commanding voice, his final,
unspoken words sum up his life's work:

“Today we are faced with the pre-eminent fact
that, if civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the
science of human relationships—the ability of all peo-
ples, of all kinds, to live together and work together,
in the same world, at peace.

“Let me assure you that my hand is the stcadicr for
the work that is to be done, that I move more firmly
into the task, knowing that. you—millions and mil-
lions of you——arc joined with me in the resolve to
make this work endure.

f‘The work, my friends, is peace. more than an end
of this warw-an end to the beginnings of all wars,
yes, an end. forever, to this impractical, unrealistic
settlement of the differences between governments
by the mass killing of peoples.

"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will
be our doubts of today. Let us move forward with
strong and active faith."

Shall we raise a memorial to President Roosevelt?
Then let it be something alive. creative and fighting,
so that it will indeed 'mcmcrlalizc him. Let it be
ourselves, the teachers of this year and of many years
to come.

Let us swear to open our eyes and hearts to the
world and to be constantly on guard for the welfare
of America as part of that world. Let us meat the
petty irritations of school teaching and overcome
them by keeping our mind forever on our contribution
to America-«that which we give to every youngster
who will sit in our classroom. Let us by-pass the dry
rats and plateaus of the profession and work to stay
in the front-line fight for postwar democracy. This
is no $30-a-wcek Job in a hick schoolhouse. This will
be our memorial to America’s great man.

ESP.

FRANKLIN
D.
ROOSEVELT

” W

‘-JANUARY3a
V ‘ 1882
11)
APRIL 12,
1945

 

 

SERIES 11] . . .

Point Of Infermafion

By SUNNA COOPER

You are a freshman. You worked
for the yearbook in high school. You
want to try out for the Pedagogue.
They tell you to sign up on Activi-
ties Day. and let nature take its
course. You want to know what your
chances are for advancement. you
wonder just what the set-up is and
how it works. you’d like to ask a
Senior member questions but you
either don’t want to seem

1. too dumb
or
2. too eager
so you don’t say nothin’, you don’t
do nothin’, and two years later you
could kick yourself.

As in most organizations, you try
out for the Fed in your frosh year
doing odd jobs and stuff. It is not,
however, until November of your
Sophomore year that you are made a
member of the Sophomore Staff.
You have the opportunity to be ap-
pointed to either the Business Staff.
Literary Staff, Photography Staff,
Advertising Staff, or Art Staff (if
they are having an Art Staff that
year)

If you're a Sophomore, don’t get
discouraged. They select five people
for each staff, and that means 25 of
the Sophomores trying out will be
chosen.

But what’s this? MoVing-Up Day
is already coming around, and they-

 

’re going to eliminate some of you
and promote others to the incoming
Junior Staff. .

Chapter I is called “How To Get’
On The Junior Staff." The Junior
Staff has the exact. same set-up as
the Sophomore Staff, except it’s
about two sizes smaller. For ex-
ample:

Literary Staff—3 to 5 members

Photography Staff—2 members

Advertising Staff—2 members

Business Staff—2 members

Art Staff—2 members

All right, let’s suppose that you
were one of the fortunate thirteen.
Your Job, as a Junior Staff member,
is to take charge of assigning topics
to the Sophomores and improving
and approving the work that they
hand in.

The Editor-in-Chief can be chosen
from any Junior Editor, regardless
of whether he worked on photogra-
phy, advertising, literary.

The Senior Board runs the organ-
ization and there are five members
altogether: Editor-in-Chief, Business
Manager, and Advertising Manager.
(If there is a fully developed Art
staff, the Art Editor will also be a
member of the Board.)

Those who are not elected to the
Board automatically become Senior
Staff members.

 

WM 4%

 

The zest of writing “War Fronts"
is gone this week. Our griping and
viewing-with-aiarm were bolstered
during the past six months by the
knowledge that America's‘best lead-
ership sat in the White House. Al-
though that security is lacking for
the first time in 12 years, we are
putting our trust in President Tru-
man, as, indeed, we must. FDR’s
successor has pledged himself to
maintaining the same policy as the
late president. and he seems to
mean business. Status quo will pre-
vail c.i t.l‘.‘ military leadership and
the cabinet, at least for the time
being. Rumors that Secretary Stet-
l.iuius, Madame Perkins, and Secre-
tary Morgcnthau would get the new
broom treatment have been quash-
ed by Mr. Truman. In his first
press conference, the President gave
unequivocal support to the Bretton
Woods agreement. ’l‘hus. Truman
proves that he concurs in Mr.
Roosevelt's belief that. economic
stabilization is the basis for world
pcnco. I-Io has yet to win Congress
over to practical agreement, along
lines of reduced trade tariffs, sup~
port for Brotton Woods, etc.

A neophyte in foreign policy,
President 'I‘ruman‘s initial step was
a triumph. He persuaded Marshal
Stalin to scud Foreign Minister
Molotoft‘ to the San Francisco con-
ference. Originally, Molotoff's sub-
ordinutc. Washington Ambassador
(iromyko, was slated for the post,
although Molotoi'f’s counterparts,
Stottlnius and EdOu. Wore their re-
spoctivc counlrios‘ delegates.

The Polish question still hangs
fire. Moscow favors the Warsaw
government. London hesitates and
we have said We will not favor dolo-
gates of that group at San Fran-
cisco, This Week end in Washing-
ton, Slr Archibald Clark-Kerr,
Averill Harriman and Moiotofi’ will
attempt to reach a solution on rep-
rescntation.

By SHIRLEY PASSOW

The question is not whether Poland
is to be restored as a power in Eu-
rope~rather, what kind of Poland
and which Poles shall rule.

Poland has been a headache in
Europe for the past two centuries.
A liberal and prosperous state in
the Middle Ages, she declined to
helplessness in the 18th century. In
a day of power politics, she was
easy prey for Russia, Austria and
Prussia, surgeons of the partition
of 1772. Not until after the World
War was Poland restored as an in-
dependent nation. Partition left
Poland’s rulers with a deep hatred
of Russia. After the World War,
taking advantage of the Allies’ hos-
tility to the Bolshevik regime, Po-
land conducted a two—year war
against the Soviet Union. This gave
her cxtchsivc land acquisitions and
the absorption of minority peoples
which posted a problem her govern~
man was never able to soch. Po-
land's Ukrainian, German and. ch~
.mh minorities constitute almost
one-third of her population. Her
soli- policy has been repression and
liol‘sct‘lilloli in varying (lt:2l‘t!t!s. This
paid back in tho form of a nation
divided against. itself, which fell
l.kt~ a l‘i‘i‘(l before the Nazi blitz-
krieg.

lt‘rom liliit) on, the Polish republic
stood like a child betwocn two top-
pling buildings, trying to hold back
the Walls with its hands. Poland’s
loaders guessed wrong: they threw
in their lot. with Nazi Germany, in
the expectation that Russia would
be crushed and partitioned. These
arc the leaders who today sit in
London and dcnmnd recognition by
tho Unluid Nations. They represent
Poland's ruling gentry. which was
about 5% of the total population.
Warsaw's government, on the other
hand, is a cross-section of most of
the other political parties, who
favor (to-operation with Russia.

By MINDY WARSHAW ‘
A GI LOSES HIS COMMANDER

Pvt. David Slavin. '43, is now home on leave. His
interpretation of what the death of President Roose-
velt means to him seems to be typical of the American
serviceman’s reaction all over the world. Says Pvt.
Slavin: “I can't believe it yet. This is certainly a
shOck to the people of the world. He was a great man
and only a great man could be as close to the common
man as he was. Mentioning his name is like men-
tioning human kindness, and his greatness inSpired
greatness in others. Speaking for a soldier who is
about to go across, all I can,say is the death of our
Commander-In-Chief makes a soldier feel at a loss——
but only temporarily—for then he feels like going
ahead with a greater determination. A trust has been
placed in him.”

TRIBUTE

The other night, Eddie Cantor gave a fitting tribute
to our late President by saying that the songs a na-
tion sings reﬂect the trend of the times. When Presi-
dent Roosevelt began his administration. indicated
Mr. Cantor, the nation was singing, “Brother, Can You
Spare A Dime?" and now, after the progress made by
Roosevelt, the country hums, “My Dreams Are Getting
Better All The Time."

HIS DREAMS ARE GETTING BETTER
ALL THE TIME

Lt. Mike Wahlrath. '41, who escaped from the
German Prisoner of War Camp, is already back in
the USA.

OVERSEAS

Pvt. Pat Latimer, 44, describes a beautiful Spring in
England . . . says this time of year makes her do a
lot of reminiscing about State . . . S Z/C George Poul-
os, ’47, has left California and is now in the Hawaiian
Islands . . . Cpl. Bernie Perlman, ’42, is spending his
time these days in France . . . the gold of Lt. Harry
Passow’s bars has turned to silver (and not from tar-
nishing, either)

D. V. GIVES INFO

D. V. Smith, former Social Studies Prof.. who is now
President of Cortland State, was visited by a couple
of N.Y.S.C.T. Seniors last week. We have been asked
NOT to mention any names in regard to the visit.
All right. Trop and Cooper were NOT the two seniors
who went to see D.V. Well, anyhow, Dr. Smith sends
his regards to all of us, along with the following choice
morsels concerning our servicemen with whom he
has kept a steady correspondence:

Roy McCreary, ’41, is a weather man for Bell Army
Weather Station, Niagara Falls. . . . now you know
where all the sunshine has been coming from of late.
. . . Warren Kulman, ’45, now at sea, is a radar opera-
tor (he’s also a father) . . . another couple who's now
passing out the cigars is Ira and Shirley Hirsch, ‘42.
. . . Harley Dingman, 43, has received the Purple Heart.
. . . both Gus Casper, ’39 and Ben Frank Evans are
reported to be Prisoners of War. . . . Dale Wood, ’46.
is sailing around somewhere in the Paciﬁc waters.
. . . ditto Jack Gardephe, ’41. . . . Mike Gross, '42, is
parlez-vousing in France. . . . Bolo Marsland. ’44, is
heard from in England. . . . Capt. Robert Margison, ’37,
was last heard of in India . . . and for those who don‘t
already know, Winnie Baer, '42, is a Lady Marine.
llE COMES DOWN ON A WING AND A PRAYER

Rich Young, ’44. has been shot down—for the third
time—over Warsaw, Poland. And for the third time.
he has not been hurt. He’s got the luck of a SiniP's
man.

LAST MINUTE REPORT

Sgt. George Runs, ’43, had the most. ii’uorcsiiug vs-
pcrience breaking up a street brawl in Germany. . . ,
and by the way, the Sgt. has received his Staff.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXIX April 2t), 1945 No. 13!
Mt'llllli'l' Ill~li'|llllllil‘
.\‘i\<Il'l.IIi'lI (Willi-pinto I'I'ws l‘ollwg‘iuli- I)..:I'~I
I‘lu- uutlrt'urnduoto umvspopI-i' of tho New \uri .\"l"'
toilt'no lui' 'loziclit-rs: published i-\‘o|'_\‘ Friday of III. l'o!
II'LII‘ your try lilo NEWS llourtl for tho Nludoul .\-t~m‘II
I.uli l'lioluw‘: titl‘lt'c. i'i-iili'fii: Alwyn-rs, 2-13.17; liruri'. L’ f‘f-r'.’

 

The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYERS

SUNNA E. COOPER I

EDNA M. MARSH i

LOIS DRURY .
DOROTHEA SMITH

JOAN HYLIND

JOAN BERBRICH . -
ELIZABETH O‘NEIL

EDII'Oli-IN~K'IIII'F
(IO-MANAGING lil'HIOliﬁ
BUSINESS MANAGE"
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS liDI’l'Oli
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 2

 

All t-onunuulcutions should he addressed to the editor and
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no ruspouslhllll."
for opinions expressed in Its columns or commuulruilous
must he signed. Nanios will be withheld upon request.
as such csprosslons do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

   

[Delegates Report

On Conference '

I  Russell Sage

Northeastern Colleges
Send Representatives
To Leadership Meeting

To discuss methods of leadership
and the role of the leader in the
.school and community, four dele-
gams from State College met with
representatives from eight eastern
ceile‘ges at Russell Sage last Satur-
day.. The results effected by a com-
parison between State and other
colleges were enlightening.

Harriet Brinkman represented
State in the Interfaith Conference.
The general discussion revealed
that. on the average, State’s reli-
gious organizations sponsor more
religious activities than those of
the other colleges. This is due, in
part, to their fear of having reli-
gious events sponsored by a colle-
giate group. In most of these col-
leges, the religious clubs sponsor
individual war activities, while at
State, the entire student body par-
t.cipates.

Robert Sullivan, representing
State's Student Council, took part
in the Student Government discus-
slon group. Once again, State dis-
covered many real differences be-
tween its method of operation and
those of other colleges. Our sys-
tem of universal nominations is un-
known to Hunter College. There. a
student must have a petition signed
by fifty students before he may run
for office.

Although there is much complain-
ing because of the lack of campaign-
ing in State, other colleges have still
less. One college admitted that it
was quite possible to "buy" an of-
fice under their set-up. State seems
to be one of the few colleges in this
section to use the preferential bal-
lot.

Another strong point of contrast
was in the duties of the vice-presi-
dent of Student Association. Here
at State, the vice-president has def-
inite political and governmental
duties. In the other colleges, the
vice-president has charge of social
events. This is no doubt due to the
fact that the other colleges repre-
sented were girls’ schools. Sullivan
was temporarily lost as the girls
plied him with questions concern-
ing blind dates, what formals to
wear to what dance, and others
similar.

The publications conference was
again a source of amazement to all
delegates. Elizabeth O’Neil and Joan
Berbrich represented the State Col-
le’e News. and also spoke for the
other State publications. The Nuws
was the reservoir of greatest differ—
ence. Under our Major-Minor of-
fice plan, the News is staffed by
students who may not take part in
other activities. The purpose of
this is to cans-o the student to con—
centrate his time on the Ni-zws. .

The satisfactory result. of this
was obvious in the (liscussiono'l‘he
Nun's delegates were acquainted
with all phases of newspaper work.
from composition. of the original
(Continued on Page moo/umn 5!

“He Brings To People

An Awakening Account OI

"Earl Wilson, Saloon Editor of the
New York Post. earns his living by
bringing to lili‘ pcoplo who no to
bed at a (li‘i't‘lll hour on account of
thc doings of tliost- who don't.” So
l)i'l.’,llli~i the introduction to [furl Wil—
son‘s new book, "I Am Gazing into
My Ii-Bull."

Having read and been ilnpi‘l'sscd
by Mr. Wilson's book and daily col-
umn in the Post. we triod enthusias-
ticully to got an interview from this
witty rcporlcr who resides like a
Latin in Manhattan.

Mr. Wilson aiiswm'od our ques-
tions graciously, bring himself on
intm‘viowm', and told us how ho
first. got into the i'ichpiuicr busi—
ness.

When he was about flfloon years
old, Mrs. Wilson's little boy Earl
wrote articles about. his gang's base-
ball tcam which were printed by
tho Rockford, Ohio l’rcss. After
graduating Ohio State, he wrote for
the Columbus. Ohio bureau of Inter-
national News Scrvlco. Here he used

51M: comes News. felon, ”Amii.’ no...  

 

AII's Fair In love, In War,
In Coming State Elections

Freshman-Sophomore rivalry
has taken a back seat in State's
competitions as nominations for
Student Association leaders and
Class officers bring to the fore
traditional campaigning and fill-
bustering.

This year’s elections to fill Stu-
dent Association oi’fices for next
year will be less confusing since
.for President, the number of
candidates has settled down to
three. However, Staters expect
fireworks ahead as the “Fight-
ing Irish” vie with each other.
For Vice-President, candidates
number four and so it goes for
all the offices. Resignations have
limited the choice to those best
ﬁtted for the positions.

With campaign speeches com-
ing up next week in Assembly
and friendly fighting for candi-
dates. politics have taken the
spotlight once again. Democracy
is working and may the best ma
win! I

 

 

 

Committee Meets »

Social Educator

Discuss Teaching Plans
To Eliminate Prejudice

“This has become one world, a
world in which all people are inter-
dependent; therefore, we of varying
races, creeds and color must learn
to live together in harmony and
understanding." So spoke Dr. Ever-
ett Clinchey, President of the Na-
tional Conference of Christians and
Jews, at a Tuesday evening dinner
meeting with eight members of the
new College inter-racial organiza-
tion, the Committee of Fifteen.

The Committee, a group spontan-
eously started by several interested
students and faculty members, in-
vited Dr. Clinchey to discuss ways
and means of furthering harmoni-
ous relations among Catholic, Pro-
testant, Jewish and Negro State stu-
dents. Dr. Clinchey, whose organ-
ization is working with these same
problems on a national scale. agreed
that elimination of prejudices
among future teachers is an all-
important step in the democratiza-
tion of America's future genera-
tions.

Knowledge of Cultures

When asked to illustrate methods
of carrying out this program, Dr.
Clinchey suggested incorporating
the cultural contributions of all na-
tionalities and races in history.
music, art. geography, science and
language courses; that is to better
understand and appreciate the cul-
ture of peoples other than ourselves
through actual contact with it. He
also suggested social work projects
with people of varying religions,
nationalities and races.

’l‘hosc attending the meeting were
facility members Dr. Louis C. Jones,
lh’. Margaret Hayes, Dr. Theodore
Standing, and Miss Elizabeth Conk-
liu student members, Edna Marsh,
’45, Shirley Pussow, “iii, Colona Axel-
Elitl and Kay l-lngcrty. '47, and Phyl-
lis \\'itl, Penn. “18.

Student Plate...“ Surprhe, 15

CI Candidates

For 5. A. Pests,

(Continued from page 1, column 1)

ways on top."
V.-P. Candidates

The candidates for Vice-President
of Student Association are Lorna
Kunz, Philip Lashinsky, Gertrude
Smith, and Gerhard Weinberg,
Sophomores. ,

Kunz

Lorna Kunz’s platform reads: “As
candidate for Vice-President of
Student Association, my platform
consists chiefly of the following:

1. Student Union. I will work to-
wards strengthening and furthering
plans for the Student Union.

2. Strong Student Council. I shall
work to strengthen Student Organ-
ization with the confidence of the
Student Body.

3. Promote better inter-racial re-
lations. I will back and promote
the activities of the Committee of
Fifteen.

4. Impartiality in appointing com-
mittees. As co-chairman of the
Sophomore Big 8, my policy was to
select people for committees solely
on the basis of ability and interest
and this shall continue to be my
policy.

5. Work for the school. All these
will be culminated by an all-out
effort for an all-around betterment
of the school."

Lashinsky

Philip Lashinsky says: “Since I
do not believe in stating abstract
ideas which are soon to be forgotten.
after the election is past, I would
like to present this concrete plat-
form for my candidacy for Vice-
President of Student Association.

1. The Commuters which make up
one-third of the student body haVe
tried hard to participate in all the
social activities but have found lit-
tle co-operation among the other
two-thirds of the student body. I
pledge more co-operation and a
new plan to attain this co-operatlon
which I will present in my cam-
paign speech.

2. I feel that the health facilities
at State College are inadequate and
I have a group hospitalization plan
worked out that I feel will be the
logical solution to this problem.

3. Because of the importance of a
new group house for the men of
State College, I have already start-
ed an investigation and the propos-
ed plan hinges on those who are
willing to see it through.

4. I pledge a greater number of
social functions in which a larger
number of students can participate.

5. Because of the lack of men and
the need for more men's athletics I
have formulated a plan that may
bring more fellows as well as an
intercollegiate basketball schedule."
Smith

In Gertrude Smith's platform she
says: “If victory in Europe should
come suddenly for which we hope
and pray, let us not think the war
 over. All over the Pacific our boys
will find no relaxation from their
tasks, and. for this reason, we
should not fall back on our jobs
horc on the home front. I don't be-
lleve we have been doing all we can
do to help in our own small way.

Who Go To Bed At A Decent Hour

llu- Jekyll and little sort of style.
writing under two names: “H. Earl
Wilson" on his political articles and

“Chub Booty" on his masterpieces ~-

on the sports world. Before. Mr. Wil-
son started this job, on INS sales-
man had misrepresented the salary
paid by the llcurst publicmion, and
so. after u limo, ll. Earl, accompan—
ied by his other Half, Chub. left.
and, as Mr. Wilson emphatically
states, “1 want it. distinctly under-
stood l' was not Ill'i‘tl!”

Hr thou got a job on the Akron
Beacon—Journal and later prourcs ;- d
to the copy dcsk of tho Washington
Post. and after much pcrscvcrunco,
he landed a rewrite job on the New
York Post. Ruth McKonny. author
f “My Sister Eileen" was a copy~
writer for tho Post at. that. Limo.

Mr. Wilson's daily column, which
he eventually worked up to. is Eli--
titled, “It Happened Last Nile." In
it, he has interviewed Greta Garbo,

A
a

Lana Turner, Betty Grablc, Ami

The Doings OI Those Who Don't"

Sheridan, (,lrucc Moore, Boll) Hul—
ton, (‘iortrudc Lawrence. Jimmy I)u~
runtc, Sponsor Tracy. Frank Sinatra
and a few other young hopefuls
who are trying to make the grade.

in tho 182 pagos found botwocn
the two covcrs of Mr. Wilson's rc-
contly published book. "I Am Gaz-
ing.r into My ii-Bull,” he has sum-
morich his interviews and personal
experiences in a manner befitting a
true rcd-bloodcd journalist. As
Wultcr Winchell said upon giving a
review of Mr. Wilson's book U).

’f This part to bc orully interpreted
by the reader by means of a long,
low whistle.

 

Barber Shop
Hollywood

2i0 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

'48 To Sponsor '

Death and Diameter, high stakes

in a game of chancel The light

burns low, the clock ticks its invita-
tion to murder. The deai'of decad-
ence begins. Wile shuffles and cun-
ning cuts the deck. The bid is in,-
sanity! Diamonds are trump!

The game is' on as is “Angel
Street," the play adaptation of “Gas
Light” by Patrick Hamilton. A
gloomy and unfashionable quarter
of London in the latter part of the
last century is the atmosphere in
which this three-act psychological
study is laid.

It tells the fanatical story of the
Manninghams of Angel Street. Un-
der the guise of kindliness. hand-
some Mr. Manningham is slowly
torturing his wife into insanity. He
accuses her of petty forgetfulness
that he himself has previously ar-
ranged.

As in the card game. his tricks
are subtle, his victory is sure. Flick-
ering jets of gaslight. a misplaced
brooch, a stolen picture are his high
cards. He stacks them well and
plays them to win.

While her diabolical husband is
out of the house, a benign police
inspector visits Mrs. Manningham.

S. A. Platforms

True, we have donated blood, have
bought war stamps, have contri-
buted to the old clothes drive, but
compared to the sacrifice President
Roosevelt made it seems we can add
a great deal more to our contribu-
tions. We must give our all and get
behind the war effort, not 50%, not
75%, but 100% and I will work to-
ward seeing this accomplished."
Weinberg

Gerhard weinberg’s platform
reads: “My whole platform is built
around the theme of better Student
Government. Here are a few of the
things that I should like to see ac-
complished. 1. That the Student
Board of Finance, Election Commis-
sion, and Campus Commission be
controlled by Student Council. 2.
That all organizations desiring ex-
tra money must come before Stu-
dent Association. 3. That the system
of counting the preferential ballots
be reformed. 4. That the freshmen
be encouraged to take a larger part
in Student Association meetings. 5.
That all condidates for an office
that would place them on Student
Council take a qualifying examina-
tion on the constitution and by-
laws.

“This may seem visionary or im-
practical to some. I should like to
ask them where democracy can
work if not in a college. If elected,
I will work to make democracy
fraction and function well in State
College.”

Other Nominations

Additional nominations are: Sec-
retary: Hilda Fledler, Gloria Gil—
bert. Justine Maloney, Jane O'Brien,
freshmen.

Grand Marshal: Marianne Davis,
Betty Hamilton, Josephine Maggio,
Mary Straub. Juniors.

Cheerleader: Betty Brennan, Mary
Carey, Judith Dube, Marion Vitulo,
Sophomores; Rita Coleman, Gladys
Hawk. Mary Quinn, Dorothy Skel-
lon. Elaine Topper, freshmen.

Student Board of Finance: Judith
Grrot'sky, Priscilla Hayes, Georgch
LchL-ky, Gloria McFerran, Gene-
vieve Niles, Anita Podisich, Betty J.
McGrath, Joc Palcvsky, Juniors;
lit-ion Jennings, Anne Luscok. Ellen
Maloncy. Dick Smith, Calvin Zippin,
Sophomores.

Song Leader: Mary Casey. Elinor
O‘Brien, Juniors; Dorothea Silver—
llilll. Mfll')‘ Tclian. Sophomores;
l-lclt-n Kisicl, Anne Riccr, freslnucn.

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED IDOB FHONE 4~2039
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

Icilé CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

 

 



chained. by; or beauty, he

criminabsuspected of a mac

samchouse. .‘ ,, -_
In his anxiety for her safety the

committed fifteen years ago more y

young inspector discovers that this *
mad man is also preparing todisr "

pose of her. Then starts the last

and decisive hand of the game. 317‘, '
ing to uncover the necessary evid-ﬁ

ence against Mr. Manningham.. It
is a thrilling and ‘exciting melo-
dramatic game in Which the stakes
soar and the winnings rotate with
the drawing of each card or clue.
This Victorian thriller, a master-
piece of suspense, and for months
an orchid receiver on Broadway, is
being brought from the “toast of

the town" back to the farm or more I

precisely to college.

The "Wee Theater” Players, 9.
select group of Albanian amateur
actors, will re-enact this deep melo-
drama in Page Hall on Friday,
April 27, at 8:30 PM.

The freshman ‘class will act as
banker at this timely and unusual
card game with Ellen Fay playing
the role of dealer. Being a born-
and-bred native of Albany, Ellen is
a member of the “Angel Street”
cast in the portrayal of the young,
vivacious maid in the play.

Through the enviable efforts and
inimitable influence of the frosh,
they have obtained this profes-
sionally re-enacted drama, directed
by a former Broadway producer,
now living in this area.

The play performance is being
patriotically sponsored for the bene-
fit of War Activities Council by
war-conscious '48.

Russell Sage Conference

(Continued from page 3, Col. 1)
dummy to putting the paper to bed.
This is not true in most of the
other colleges represented. In State,
the staff of the News is whittled
down year by year. In other col-
leges, this problem is not in exist-
ence because of the few upperclass-
men who retain interest.

According to our methods at
State, each college publication elects
its own staff and editors. In one
college represented, a board made
up of students and faculty mem-
bers appoints the staffs and editors.

Perhaps the way in which State
differs most from other colleges is
in the lack of faculty advisers. All
State organizations are completely
run by student heads. councils, or
boards. In other colleges, faculty
advisors belong. and in many cases.
control by prestige, all student or-
ganizations.

The conference ended with a
general meeting in the Little The-
ater. As the State delegates left
Troy for Albany. each felt a sure
pride in belonging to State. and
all were Well-assured that State was
well—advanced in all fields.

Editor's Note: This is the com-
bined report of the four State dele-
gates.

 

sac FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WW3

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

   
        
   

 

 

