 

 

 

  
   

zitﬁvif‘d'q‘hﬁh1‘::x;::,'x~.,. WW .I r \

 

5'.
it
a.
.f,
s:
.
.g
A,

   
  
  
    
 

 

Into: a

Letter From The Editors

We realize that, as Myskania members, we will
be stickinglour necks out to Student Association by
answering the Letter to the Editor on this page.
We also realize that it will not be read as an edi-
torial but as a Myskania proclamation. The latter
is false because the NEWS has the habit of scoop-
ing everyone—including Myskania. It has always
been the policy of the STATE COLLEGE NEWS to
take a positive or negative stand on every issue be-
fore the Student Body and stick to it, regardless
of criticism from students, faculty, or the admin-
istration. So, as Editors, we shall endeavor to in-
terpret the letter.

Since our correspondents propose “pure dem-
0cracy” in the Student Association affairs, let us
compare our own democracy with the Govern-
ment of the United States, the purest working
State democracy in existance.

The Legislative branch is composed of the House
of Representatives and the Senate, nominated by
party electors and elected by the entire popula-
tion—of voting age. Our Legislative branch is
composed of the entire Student Association, Stu-
dent Association being composed of all those who
have paid the Student Tax.

The national Executive branch is composed of
the President, elected by the people, and the Cab-
inet, appointed by the President. Our executive
power is vested in Student Council, composed of
23 members, nominated and elected by the entire
Student Body.

Now, the Judicial branch which seems to be
the debatable one; we feel that our judicial branch
is chosen more democratically at present than the
United States Government Judicial body. The

.Judicial power of the United States is vested in

the Supreme Court, chosen by the President of the
United States with the approval, more or less auto-
matic, of the Senate, and minutely representative
of the entire population. Our Judicial power is
vested in Myskania, eight to thirteen members se-
lected by the preceding Myskania. Would it be
nearer a pure democracy to have the President of
Student Association select the new Myskania with
the approval of Student Council, 11 of whose 23
members are freshmen and Sophomores and there-
fore not always in a position to properly observe
the leaders of the Junior Class?

It would be no more practical and less practicable
to have the members of the judicial body elected.
The result could easily be a body of popular stu-
dents, some of whom wouldn’t have the least con-
cern as to the welfare of the college and who would
lack the essential traits of a real leader-“which are
not always a pretty face, a smooth tongue, or a
good campaign manager.

Student Council is a good illustration. There
are approxin‘tately five people who really have
something to say. The others sit by passively. Some
who have the potentialities of leadership that the
organization needs either sulkily sit and say noth—
ing or childisth quit instead of trying to find out
where the difficulty lies.

We are not condemning the existence of Student
Council. We are only trying to point out a possible
fallacy of popular elections. Student Council is an
excellent uicdiai‘y between the Legislative and
Judicial branches because it represents not only
Student Association but each individual class. it
should continue to be chosen in the same way, but
Student Association should weigh the qualities of
all the candidates. And, contrary to popular opiu—
ioii, Student ('ouncil exercises about twice as much
power as any of the other smaller representative
groups.

There is another possibility to have all the
heads of all the major organizations automatically
on lhc- judicial board. This would iiicrcasc llic
body to such a size that it would be inefficient. It
Would lose its value as a judicial and honorary
grotlp. It would also eliminate candidatos who
ll-‘in‘. definitely provt-n themselves \voi't‘iiy but have
never Iii-voted htciiisclves to any one organization.

We are not saying that Myskania, as it stands,
is perfect or even the most, democratic organiza-
tion, btif we do recognize the nccd for stich a group
and Would be among the first to ltt‘ct'pi a better
plan. However, such statements as the one in
the letter saying that Myskania, lit't'lttts‘c of its own
constitution, cannot conform to the needs of Stuv
dent Association, when that is the very reason for
its existance, are ridiculous. As journalists, in all
due modesty, we suggest that such ideas he more
fully investigated before being published.

We have only one question for our correspon-
dents: Just exactly liow do you define democracy?

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1945

cm

 

To the Editor:

Potentially, we have the makings
of what isconsidered a pure dem-
ocracy. The legislative branch of
our student government is com-
posed of every member of student
association. The executive branch,
Student Council, is composed of
twenty-three people nominated and
elected by the entire student body.
The judicial branch, Myskania, is
composed of from eight-to-thirteen
members, nominated and elected by
the eight-to-thirteen outgoing mem-
bers.

Democracy IMPLIns change. It is
fortunate that our predecessors
choose to vest the power of law-
making in the entire student body;
fortunate because in the process of
creating a more perfect student
government, there never arose the
need for a legislative body of either
different proportions or of a more
select nature. At the same time,
they choose to vest the executive
power in a student council com-
posed of seVen members. Until a
few years ago, the size and scope of
representation of the council were
sufficient. At that time, Student
Association began to feel that this
body was too limited to adequately
represent an ever increasing and
changing student body. The council
was increased in size and broadened
in function by a CONSTITUTIONAL
AMENDMENT (9. most natural thing
to do).

The metamorphosis of the execu-
tive branch was necessary and was
accomplished without the element
of tradition to retard it. GRANTING
TH NEED ron FLUIDITY IN Our: Gov-
ERNMENT, can we overlook the fact;
that a ONIII Truth) of its functions
are performed by a. STATlO judicial
body, which CANNOT, according to
ITs constitution, conform to this
need? Does it: seem rational that
Student Association should main-
tain a branch of its government
which IT cannot modify; a branch
of its government which acts inde-
pendently of Student Associations
opinion?

Lynne Wolff, '46
Phil Lashinsky, ’47

 

To the Editor:

So the Faculty won't. have a Big
8! I could complain that. their re-
fusal to put themselves out. is un-
pntriotic, or shows lack of co-opera-
tion to support student. activities,
but that isn’t the issue. The point
is that. the Faculty Big 8 and the
Student-Faculty Teas are the only
occasions on which We have the
opportunity to enjoy the Faculty—
especially the Big 8, because there
the faculty really let their hair
down and become human in the
eyes of the students.

It is obvious that the Student.-
Faculty Teas aren‘t the successful
affairs that they are meant to be.
There is too little mingling on both
sides except for Myskania and a few
conscientious Student Council
members. And I, as a student. lion-
estly believe that the Faculty will
not. meet the Students half-way.
They walk into the Lounge, see a
colleague whom they have not seen
since the last Faculty meeting. and
immediately engage themselves in
conversation. It" a student is brave
enough to approach the group, a
few perfunctory words are exchang-
ed. and that is all.

So that leaves the flip, ii to
breach the widening gap, Nothing
but a miracle could completely inciu
lilt‘ relationship, but, I have seen
two li‘uculty life, it‘s and they help.

I have specific instances to back
tip all my stair-motifs; ntld i am
speaking of the Faculty ill general.

A Senior
Who still doesn't know llt'l‘ profs

To the Editors:

This week 'l‘ut-sdny, many of us
wunt‘sscd what was probably one
of the most disconcerting things of
this senicstermilic trials of fresh—
men who had uppculcd warnings.
It seemed to me that most. of the
essence of the “tradition rivalry”
was lost in those trials.

This was not. bceauso trials were
held: the ritllit. to a fair trial is
certainly a cornerstone of tiny dem-
ocratic Student Government. The
fault. lay with individuals and
groups. not with forms. Orienta-
tion is supposed to help the fresh
adjust to State. "'l‘radition Rivalry"

To the Editor:

Have you read Transfer Tommy’s
obituary? From all reports he had
a very lovely funeral BUT at the
last. minute they discovered they
were trying to bury him before he
was deadll Are you interested in
knowing why? Then “listen my
children, and you shall hear” . . .
Just what; we have been trying to do.

Commuters’ Club has for its pur-
pose “the furthering of the interests
of the Commuters of this college."
Towards this end, Commuters’ Club
has done the following:

1. Investigation of houses:

a. With the aid and support: of
the faculty and administra-
tion, during a period of four
months, a committee of eight.
spent; more than its spare
time investigating all possi-
bilities.

b. Not; only this, but; a. survey
was made questioning every
commuter concerning his
support. of a house.

The results: ‘.

a. Little co-operation from
those commuters outside
the club, although every
member was in favor of it.

b. Through the help of certain
members of the administra-
tion, we have been given
permission to use the Lounge.
But. this has not. the advant-
ages of a house.

2. Participation in college func-
tions:
a. Tableau in “Christmas
Packages.”

b. Concession at. State Fair
(for 2 years).

0. Campus Chest drives (for 3
years).

d. Siam) Booth.

e. Open House held each year.
In each of the above cases,
we contributed in proportion
to the co-operation we had
from sides.

Evidences of Leadership:

9.. Increase in membership with
an average of 60 attending
each regular meeting.

b. Formation of a. basketball

0.)

team.

c. Publication of newspaper
monthly.

(1. Successful freshman recep-
tion.

(2. Representation at Fresh
Camp.

f. Organization of a Glee Club.

g. Presentation of a Christmas
skit in the Lounge, to be
open to everyone.

We resent the criticism in last.
week‘s editorial. The success of any
organization depends essentially on
co-operation—in this case, not only
of the members of Commuters’
Club, but also of commuters at
large and the entire student body.
Admittedly the organization is in
its infancy, but. if the necessary co-
operation is aehieved, it will grow
and mature into an organization
which would wield a force through-
out the school.

These are the facts! They should
have been secured before last. week's
editorial was written.
t‘ommuters' (‘lub,
Shirley lliee, ’46,
President.

 

is supposed to help them along
\\'lill a friendly kick in the place
where if docs liit' filth-l good. When
someone thinks he has l)i‘t‘ll kicked
too much. llt' should have life right
to nppcal. bill that appeal should
not tlt“’,t'llt‘l‘.ilt‘ info the ([llt‘niltlii of.
"Who Is lying?“

’l‘ln-i't- :tl't‘ Ilirci- groups lll\'tll\‘t‘ti
111 this, thc li‘osli, the Hophs, and
.\lvsk:inia. 'i‘hi- li'osh should not
takc it warning to mean lilt‘ cud of
the world, they might l)t‘ lilol't‘ calm--
ltil so that warnings won‘t l)t' given
iiit'ill, alid i-~:. I't‘scntful whcii they
:ii'c gin-n. ’l‘hi- .‘s‘oplis Iniizlit be less
fliiiiicky and more accurate ill
\\‘;ll'llillt’,:~. They might also l'c-
member that they were once ti'osli
themselves. lVIysknnin lllltillL pub—
lish its rules of 1)l'(l(.‘i'(itil't‘ before-
hand, so that. all will know exactly
what is to happen; many this ’i‘uesn
day obvioust didn‘t.

These suggestions may help; but.
they cannot. create what is really
needed —— SPIRIT AND SPORTS-
MANSIIIP. What about it '48 and
’49? Show the old bugs around
here what rivalry really should but

Gerhardt Weinberg. ’41

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

 

Vol. XXX November 16, 1945 No, 9

Member Distributor
Assoeliitet Collegiate l’ress Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for 'l‘eueliei‘s; published every Friday of the (fol-
lege year by the NEWS llonrtl for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: lierbrlelt, 2-ll12il;0'i\'ell, 3,9538; Fear, 8-1illl;
Cruiner, 2-0870.

The News Board
ELIZABETH 8. O'NEIL - - - - EDITOR-INcHIEI
JOAN D. BERBRICH - - - -C0-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
ISABEL FEAR - - - BUSINESS MANAGER
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO . - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARGERY CRAMER - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
MARY SULLIVAN - - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
KATHRYN HAGERTY - . - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
MARY TESSIER - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

némljm 2

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its Vll‘w.

 

.‘Ma
and!
.‘baz‘a

By MINDY WARSHAW
WRITTEN FROM TOKYO

Since we all enjoy a nice peek into somebody else's
mail now and then, let us gaze into the contents of
a letter written last. month by Major (note the pro-
motion) Stephen Godfrey, '41, from Tokyo:

“I landed in a 0-54 on the 3151; of August, two days
before the surrender was signed. Our apprehensions
were quieted immediately, for there has been no
trouble from the Japanese at yet. and it; looks like we
are going to have a fairly quiet occupation. The only
pessible difficulties that I could anticipate would be
hunger riots during the winter. It may seem a diffi-
cult thing, but with other millions in the world who
are hungry through no fault of their own, I cannot
sympathize much with the Japanese.

“Inflation, black markets, lack of housing, and all
the other problems of Europe are also found here. We
lead a more or less isolated life living in the best;
of the remaining buildings, on G1 food, and served
by Japs who get leftovers and with whom hunger
is no problem.

“We have mess at night in a fine dining room, from
clothed tables, heavy silver, by candle light. Little
Japanese women. dressed in beautiful kimonos. serve.
bobbing their heads shyly, and padding around in
slippers to get this or that small item without being
requested. It is difficult to leave, for your coffee tor
teat cup is always being filled, and when you finish
the cup, forget. to watch a moment. and find the
cup refilled, you settle back for a few more minutes
of conversation.

"Five of us were feted the other night by some

former Japanese Navy meloerologisls by an invita-
tion to a suki-yaki dinner. We accepted and found
ourselves that chniut; in a geisha house where tllllilt'l'
had been arranged. (We have learned that the real
geisha houses are merely places of social entertain-
ment.) Each of us was served by a geisha girl who
sat beside us and filch our clips and led us when
we had any particular difficulty with chop sticks.
I "We started off with cold suki and soon were drink-
ing it hot. as is the custom. The first courses were
slices of raw fish which we dipped into a struct- which
was mixed with horse radish. 'l‘hcii a thick stalk of
sonic plant which was lnadc up of folded lt‘:l\t'\ likc
ilit' icnvi-s in hearts of celery. 'l‘hcn a bowl full of
mushrooms and some scrambled clots. All this with it
prodigious Iinmbci' of drinks of snlci.

‘Wi- had been sitting on -‘ mulled floor with inov»
ulilt- clbow rests lit-l'oro n fublc about [on iticliI-s hi-tli.

 

 

It’hn' shoes \i't’l‘t‘ still downshifts at lllt' t‘llil'illlt't‘l At.
this time, two charcoal braxici's \\'t‘l‘t‘ lll'tlillilil in and
placed on lllt' tulilc. ’Iwo big pluiicl's of ii't'dl rid
boot cut in small Ililii plct'cs mid howls of f'vcsli voici-
ablcs were brought in and cooked bcfiit'c us as tho

slcmn rosc and tho suki—yaki sputtcrt-d and t‘otil~'."ti
under our noses. lll about fwciuy minutes it was doiic
and we \vcrc S“l\‘t'ti. Al'llilllllil‘ \\‘i‘l't‘ fvc..h l‘l'.l',?i to
“fruit over our meal and stir in. It was truly \\tIlltlt'l'-
llil food and thoroughly enjoyed. The geisha Izli'ls
through lllt' meal kept everyone amused with it con-
stunt stream of chatter among tiiciii:~:clvcs, a tow
.lupuncse songs, and one truly beautiful dance."

"A fine time was liiid by all."

Well, now you've read the letter and have learned
a little of what. it's like to be over in Japan. And. as
air added attraction, nniy We add that Mu]. iodfrey
will be coming home in a month or so to his wife
tstnte's former Janette Parker) and daughter, Sue . . .
We hope to see you soon, Major. Happy Thanksgiving!

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1945

    

 

RELIGIOUS CLUBS
SLATE SERVICES
AT THANKSGIVING

Hillel, SCA to Hold

Joint Meting In Chapel

Hillel, Student. Christian Associa-
tion, and Newman Club have an-
nounced plans for special religious
services scheduled for the coming
Week. Inter-Varsity Christian Fci-
loWShip appointments have been
announced by Sally Holmes, ’47,
President.

Hillel will hold the first. all-stu-
dent service today at. 8:30 P. M. in
the Congregation Ohav Sholom at;
441 Washington Avenue. Solomon
Minsberg, ’47, will officiate and
Muriel Rubin, ’47, will lead the
choir. All State students may at.-
tend.

SCA and Hillel will hold the first.
combined Thanksgiving service on
Monday at. the Unitarian Chapel
from 12 to 12:30 P. M. The pro-~
gram will include the Call to Wor-
ship, Harriet. Brinkmen '46; Thanks-
giving Reading, Dr. Louis Jones,
Professor of English; Benediction,
Joseph Palevsky ’46.

BOA will hold its first; deputation
service Sunday night at; 8 P. M.
in Menands, according to Harriet
Brinkman, ’46, President.

Members of the deputation pro-
gram will visit diﬁerent churches
each week and conduct. the youth
services held there.

Newman Club will hold its Holy
Hour at the small grotto at; 4 P. M.
Sunday. A short sermon will be
delivered by Rev. Gerald Kerwin,
Assistant Editor of the Evangelist,
the Catholic newspaper of the D10-
cese of Albany, and a buffet. sup-
per will follow in Newman Hall.
Sally Dunn, '47, is general chair-
man.

Sally Holmes, ’47, President of
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship,
has announced that Ruth Halstead,
’49, has been appointed librarian,
and Doris Hoenninger, '49, song-
leader, of the organization.

 

Frosh To Serenade, Parade
In Assembly This Morning

“Life is very different”—yes,
it’s very peculiar here. How
well the fresh will know today
in assembly as they carry out. the
tradition for the tenth year.

The fresh will again serenade
-—-noi; only the Sophs, but; the
entire student. body. They must
croon melodioust and from
memory our Alma Mater during
todnys assembly. Then the class
of ’49 will leave their ivory tow-
er and parade around the audi-
torium, up and down the aisles,
singing hteir theme song, “Life
is very different."

The upper classmcn will listen
to the serenade; the Soplis will
be watching for ’49 specimens
who do not exhibit the proper
tonal range, enthusiasm or high-
stepping.

The Daffies say that they are
prepared to "insure correct per-
formance from the class of ’49.”

 

Commuters Forms
Chorus,News paper

Cominuter’s Club has organized a.
monthly newspaper entitled “Tom-
my‘s Tattles,” which will report the
club activities throughout the
month. Shirley Rice, ’46, President,
also announced that a chorus of
thirty voices has been formed and
a basketball team is being organ-
ized.

“Tommy’s Tattles.” is issued once
a month to the club members un-
der the editorship of Mildred Barn-
ard, ’46. The first issue was pub-
lished November 8.

The chorus of thirty voices is
under the directorship of Joan
Woertzler, ’49.

The Commuters’ Club basketball
team, “Tommy's Terrors," is man-
aged by Roberta Van Auken, '46.
They will enter the regular basket-
ball league this winter.

 

Galleee Glade-“1M

By CULLINAN it's l-llL’l‘

 

If we may be permitted to digress
from the purpose of this column we
would like to bring before you the
question uppermost in student
thought at this Limo—Myskania.

It is generally agreed that Mys-
kania is supposed to be an honor-
ary body composed of“ Seniors who
have proved their capabilities and
leadership in undci'gi'adinite affairs.
Yet for the past three years this
body has been so criticized that it.
is becoming ii case of constant
struggle to maintain itself on
campus. l‘low disappointing this
must be to these Seniors who hav—
ing worked for State College for
three yoltl's‘ find student opinion
against lllt‘ill wlicii tin-y lmvc ut—
l:lfll('d this honor.

'l‘lIt-l'c ltl'l‘ several reasons for this

lack of :Lndcnt >~illiptil'i but tin-y
all seem to cculcr around Its un-
(ll‘lllill'l‘llilt' Ll~lli‘l'l,‘i. Alli-r all this
t)l';'1lll;.’.lll.ill was forntt-d in hit?
win-ii scci'c' tli'lt‘llt‘h wi-i'i' iii-iiig,
lot‘nnd llirou.l:.ui‘ tin» country,
Now tho timid i. tillililll‘i\ l.l‘.\.tl'll
more doiiiocruuc nit-.i‘i. o: (sprou—
:..in and lid limitl» u. Io illit‘ of
:\l\ .i‘..iii’u' lll.|lll foil: ‘ll‘ l.t.k of
‘iiiitil'lll 'vtilt't‘ ill 'I'il‘t‘lll'.‘ ‘ili‘ butti—
i'f’t».

'Iii.i".I.-n s-"oiiiit. clinilllﬁ thir—
ii't'Il olln‘i . l.:t*l.'.. it) li.’ liilittl‘i'tl
l.l\‘ llII‘ t‘lllil't‘ ‘lliii'lli .iitlt‘idiltill
\\lli mowml‘ iii-.in .Illi.|~',itlll\l|l
.t:',.illl.\l fit: oi.i., p.iii.ciil.ii'l\ if
ll‘t‘ 'It‘it‘t'Ciilll i‘\.i‘.lii.I‘..» r-llitlt‘ll‘r.
ilt‘l'llll'tl u If in of Ilil'» honor by
illt‘ lll.lltlll". of tho .x'iltil'lll body.

illl 'llt' o'lni‘ hand it". In now
look ul lllc lltlli'llollw oi Myskania.
lli .ltltilllttll to i! Itldli‘ml po\\'ol':.,
i\l_\:~l{.llll;l pl.o:~. main important

acILviiIcs such .i.-. .\ltl\lll'f—Ll1) Hay,
1)cl‘lol'lll~~ llllll_\ llt'f't :utl')’ I'otftlllc
dutics such as cli:ipci'oii;ii:.: student
protects and lll)t)\t‘ all sopciwising
elections along with the unusually
tcdtous job of counting ballots. Too
often we forget those biii'ilciisotiio
tasks that Myskania offers to as—
sumo.

Moreover there is the inescapable
role which traditions assume in any
college.

Perhaps a compromise is the an-
swer to this ever-constant. debate.
Several suggestions have been pro-
posed. Here is one which, though
not devoid of loop-holes, offers
starting place for further discussion.
It is suggested that every Senior
holding a major office be admitted
automatically to Myskania. This
would necessitate a revision of the
major-minor office plan because
several of the major offices do not
entail constant work and effort
throughout the college career.

In addition two members-at-
lnrgc. iioi already running for a
major office, would be nominated
and olcctt'd by the student body.
The fact. that the nominee cannot
ilt' running for a major office would
honor students who have attached
iilv‘lll>t‘l\'t'.\' to no particular group
hill who have worked hard for lllt.‘
collcgc as; it whole,

This plui would be effective in
L..i‘. .l would he more democratic
:n I't‘ istrrinr: sitidont opinion, in
.i-. .l ‘lill lilll-Iil of all student load-
rzs. l'Illlt‘l' than a certain number

or lllf'lll cliowii b\' a sclch group,
.ml lili.|li\ student organization on
coopu. would lll't'lllllt‘ more active.

’lhis loads its to a number of"
tiniwbml'... concerning the proposal.
\‘viiiiout propci' revision of the
orator—ininoi' olllct- plan by the stu—
.hnt :ucfl‘cciual lcudcrs may in—
». lll .\i,\~l::tni.i: also it would inukc
.i l,u.;m'. ])t‘l‘ll;t[l.\ li-ss cilcclivc work-
lll': g-I'oup. :tlltl :ti)ll\t‘ all powci' poll-
tic. would i'cuch its prime.

'l‘lic [ltlllll:; llt'l't’ (‘lllllllt'l'lilt‘il lIiI\'l‘
b. no means hchI fully developed.
\\'c .ll‘t‘ offering them merely as
food for thought. ’l‘he decision is
up to you!

FORUM APPOIN'IS from... State Student mos...
BREISH CHAlRMAN First Explosion OfAtomicBomb

Every one knows about the atomic
bomb. but one of our own former "1 091m“ “mellle ever before
students, Jack Smith, '43, worked being as tremendously excited as I
on it. Two faculty members recently was 0“ the morning 01 the 6th. on
received an interesting letter from fir-9t hearing the news of Hiroshima.
Smith concerning his work and his "An even greater comfort it is to
impressions of the testing of the know that you Will not be among
bomb in New Mexico.

Smith transferred to Cornell at seems unfortunamy large in num-
the end of his Junior year to con- bel""that "3 13 DOSSLble t0 keep the
finite his work in Physics, after he damned Silent-'5 0" the atomic bomb
had taken all the math and physics from any natiOﬂ SUfficiently inter-
courses offered here. The letter to EStEd in lt- It is discouraging to
Dr. Charles Andrews, Professor of hear of these lengIRtOI‘S — Short-
Physics, and Dr. Ralph Beaver, pro- sighted or misinformed or whatever
fessor of Mathematics, said in part: they may be—Who WOUId make us its
, , 1 W111 ten in detail a few sole owner by an act of Congress.
things about the atomic bomb that "I W011” pl‘efei' mereh’ t0 State my
can be given a personalized touch, own opinions in brief—that the use

“Let’s begin way back on July 15, of the bomb was a well-guided and
when I went; . . . with some friends necessary Operation. and now that it
to see what we hoped would be an has been done we are faced with‘ the -
epochal event; of but several seconds difficu"? bUli not 1mIlOSSible taSk Of
duration. At; 5:30 am. we were at 5881119; that Proper control is exer-
the bottom of the canyon several 915“ OVGI‘ the atom“: energy.
hundred feet deep with one huge "The imbue and l711058 Who repre-
mountain directly to our south. All sent the imb11c mUSt be made Sharp-
a sudden the sky overhead was 13’ aware of the fact that: a. race
lighted brightly, as were all objects among nations in the deVelopment of
about us—even the inside of our car. atomic Power can be nothing but
we stopped to wait for shock and disastrous, that there exists no satis-
Sound, but they were damped out factory protection today against the
and Just plain blocked by the moun- malicious release of this energy. Dis-
tain in the latter case. Those others Dersal of industry and population
who had stayed atop the peak were and the resort to literal underground
rewarded with a magnificent spec- activities are at: best impracticable
tacle; the explosion occurred ap- measures- It might 8851137 Drove im-
proximately on their horizon. They DOSSWG tO keEli) defense ahead of
saw a mountain range, near 1g and offense, provided the former could
some 3-miles long, lit up. The com get the lead."
tral ball of fire was visible to them.
When we arrived back at; the site we
were told by elated people that the A
flash had been seen from here, some

150 miles distant.

0r NEW GROUP

Expanding its scope further into
the field of international relations,
the Forum of olitics has now in-
corporated the International Rela-
tions Clubs as a subsidiary organ-
ization, and a resolution opposing
military training has been submit-
ted and will be voted upon at the
next meeting. Miss Selma Kreis-
berg, ’46, Speaker, has announced
the appointment of Miss Madelyn
as chairman of the

P

The Carnegie Endowment; for In-
ternational Peace, which sponsors
IRC throughout the country, has
sent the group several books and
research pamphlets of valuable na-
studies students.
Among the books are: European
Manifesto, by Pierre De Lanux;
The Future of Japan, by William C.
Johnstone. Among the pamphlets
are: Charter of the United Nations,
Report to the President on the Re-
smells of the San Francisco Con-
fercucc, The Potsdam Declaration,
and the Breton Woods Argument.

All freshmen interested in trying
out have been requested to see Do-
lores Gaslow, ’47, Publicity Chair-
man, or Judith Gerofsky, Soap Boat

A resolution has been submitted
to Forum reading as follows: “Re
solved: That the Forum of Politics
go on record as being opposed to
Compulsory Conscription for mili-
tary training in peacetime; and
that this be reported to Congres-
sional committees now working on

 

those who believe—and this class

 

 

that matter." This resolution will
be discussed and voted on at; the

g
Elizabeth Hamilton,
Marshall, has announced that all
old posters in the Campus Commis-
sion office will be thrown away
Monday. Any organization desiring
to save their posters must pick them

Miss Hamilton has also stated
that. due to the sugar shortage and
the consequent decrease in coke sup-
plies, there will be only a limited
amount in the machine in the Com-

iIUDENTS
“rill RESOLUTIONS

 

IC'oiIt‘nued from page 1,0ol. 1)

it‘ll iiny deficits shall be met. by

placed in the Surplus Fund. .
III. The Student Board of Fm-

anee shall have the pow-3r to ask

any questions on the report and to

members of the group.
once may make any report or rec‘-

S‘tiidem Association if" it. deems it
'll.tll l)l‘ considered completed when

Board of Finance.

:incc .hall l'iiI'iiisli all oi'guni/ntiolis
ltll' which money for trips of coli-
icrciicos has llt'f‘ll appropriattwi with
a copy of this act.
Student i‘oiincil Motion

The fourth motion pending vote
.-\»~.tu‘.:tlloli and recom—
locum-d by Hindi-in Council and the
Finance l‘cads as
"it is licl'cby ciiuctcd tiiul.

Julia Collier. Jennie

lttlont‘ll. Lorna Knnx. llt'it‘ll Honey—
and Janice tloodi'ich. 'l‘hc
clct'lioiis \\'ill dotci‘lliilic
the lil't'Nitlf‘llt'J' of the class.

vacancy crcufcd
iii'l'dltl lhuiii. who has been induct-
cd info the Armed Forces. llobci'l—

sistztncc fund resolution of ltl-lLl-“fll have been nominated.

used amt if that is inadequate, ho

 

(lltAi‘lC 1")i‘ili;\ll)l‘l Itlllllldil
(formerly in New York Ciin
\'()l(‘l‘7 lbll'ltiH’lihllCN’l‘ -——- IlliAMA'I‘li‘S
(‘tlltlllit‘Tlth ()li‘ SI'ICI'X‘II DEFECTS

5t) So. Swan St.

l“t)l‘ uppoliilmoiitm'l‘eleplione 5—8745

because of the absence of the plain-
A discussion eoneernliig Riv- “I‘l'um‘l'

'l‘raditlons will be held A new ruling has been made to
immediately following the trial. All the. effect. flint all charges calmern- ‘
who have. any questions are urged lug Tradition violations addressed
to attend and bring the matter be- to Myskania must include date,

 

amended to read—'Any student in-   

jured in an official WAA oisMAA

activity may ask for ass tance

from the WAA-MAA Reserve fund.’ MI‘S- Naomi H- Martin. Assistant

Assistance, tr granted, shall be tak- Instructor in Libraw Service. has

on wholly from the Reserve Fun ," announced that the college library's
A recommendation  be made collection of Victrola. records 15 

by Student; Council to each class the use Of the Students as Wan 3.

suggesting that: it pass a. motion in-
cluding the following provisions; The list of available records is kept.

First, that the Class Treasurer shall in the Vertical me under the bitter
give a financial report; to his class

two weeks before the regular nom- Stuaents at any time-
inations in spring, and second that; The collection of 218 records, some

the Class Books shall be open to 0f Wthh are in albumsu is made up

inspection by the members of the I ,
class from the date of the report IeClS for use in plays, square dance

the professors and practice teachers.

“A” and may be examined by the

of ballads and folk songs, sound ef-

records, readings of poems by their
authors, such as Stephen Vincent;
Benet, Vachel Lindsay, and Edna St.

At the Student Council meeting it Vincent Millay, several of Shake-
was decided that the number of re- speare‘s plays and songs, and Schu-
scrved seats to be saved for Dram- bert’s 8th Symphony in B Minor.
and Music Council Seine of these records have been
presentations would be determined presented to the library by the
by the importance of the produc- College and Milne English Depart—
tion with the general quota reduced ments. The first. contribution was
except. for the largest presentations made in November, 1934, and the
organization during the. collection is now being augmented
It was felt that because the by the use of the library fund.
Albany public contributes as much The students may take out the
as a third of the total funds in the records, like magazines, on one day
Dramati‘. alid Arts Association and charges, asking for the desired rec-
Music Council budget, reserve seats 0rd by its number in the list}, which
could not be entirely eliminated. If is now arranged in the order in
general admission tickets only are which the records were added to
sold, less money would be taken in the collection. According to Mrs.
and thus the quantity and qualify Martin, the records are being cata-

offei'ed to State logued by title cards similar to

Ccllcgc students would be lowered. those used for books, and will be
Any questions concerning this mnt- ready for use in the near future.
[of may be referred to any Student If the records are out, they may
Council member.
'l'hc Junior Class will elect a Siu- that records be requested :1 day in
dcnt (‘ouncii i'cprcsi-Iitufivo to sue- advance to allow time. for obtaining
wed l’hllip Lashiiisky, who i'osign- them from the stacks.
cd this office recently. The nomin—

bt- reserved. Mrs. Martin has asked

 

)lf‘llitlll include .
1‘ ‘ .\l_v.~.l~:.imn also announced that an

Ulli‘il discussion concerning the
Commuter problem will be field on
l'uinolny, November 27, at 4:30 P. M.
m the Lounge.
Tm,- St‘ft'l'iii traditions have been
b,- t‘lflllllt‘vi or amended by Myskania.
‘ 'l‘raditiou 5 which states that fresh-
lllt‘ll .~hall be required to know the
“(,1)er Kim-ppm Alma Mater by November 1, has
been amended to include the "Fight.
Song" and “Arm in Ann" as well.
Myskania also states that Tradition

Pciidi'l', l’ali'iclu

ioi' .lcan linrris,

Announeeinents it. which concerns tipperolassinen
‘Illl, \ci'sus Sylvia Fisher, '48. will be
llt‘ltl by Myskania on Moiidny, No- _ _
4:3,) I). M, m up, a different. runk. shall also become
rpm. [NHL 0mm“,qu 5mm- iqipllcable in dormitories and sororv
13, was pustpouod iiy houses. in the future Tradition

inking precedent-o when entering a
i)ll.ltilllp, or room with a person of

ti will also be more effectively on-

time, and place of violation.

  

mien”   "

   

