 

 

 

4—— ,By‘MAIII LIZ SULLIVAN.—

 we have, a lost and found de-
partment? TWe do! Then could we
' put in a plea so they would look for
the list-of people who signed up for
the tennis tournament “that was to
be"? One minute there is a list
on. the WAA bulletin board to the
effect that those interested in a
tennis tournament should sign up
on the list—the next mlnuteit was
gone and there were still a few stu-
dents wanting to sign up. Speed,
speed, speed. Anyway a tennis
tournament sounds like a very good
idea. so how about it, let’s get
started—huh?

Rumor had it that our WAA bul-
letin board was again to be decorated
. ——and guess what—that rumor was
true. As ‘we dashed through the
lower hall of Draper, we could not
help but notice the way those fall
leaves tell the time when all the
sports practices will be held—so ef-
fectively tool Everything looks so
neat—especially those little white
pieces of paper on which the sign-up
for the various sports. Incidentally
quite a few people have signed up
for these sports but that’s OK. keep
signing up anyway.
Fresh Again

One thing that sounds nice to our
sports ears is that those wonderful
frosh are coming all out for sports
practices. This year, the fresh rea-
lize more than ever, that they alone
can make the WAA fresh sports
program whatever they want it to
be. With all the practice the fresh
are getting. the rivalry sport games
this year should really be something
to see.

New Faces Dept.

Among the many new faces that
have been seen these past few weeks.
we note one returnee With particulai
glee and happiness. Such bioad
shoulders for football, such leng
for basketball — yes you’ve guessed
who it is-Jack Tabner is once more
at State. He had a brief stay’hei:
last year, but evidently couldnt ge
enough, so he’s back. And boy gist:
we glad—purely selfish reasons u
when we heard that he could play
‘football and had Signed up fOi
basketball—well! Even now, We can
see State winning every game-igee
Tabner are we glad you re back.

7‘ ohnston
(‘l'r‘ilpcaie you frosh may not have
heard aout Camp Johnston, read ,the
story on this page about it. foul col:
umns over. then come on back. here.
Camp Johnston is the WAA eis ha;
ven—a place of joy and i‘efllge——jlls.
ask anybody that has gone. Its .
place that is sometimes called an-
other Utopia by those people weln
out by the everyday. problems that
arise so ofteii~espec1ally here. Any-
way Camp Johnston is really a vci‘y
lovely place. Someone who is inter:
ested in the technical side of things
may ask. "How do you knowhyyo‘u
have never been there have. you? ‘ ’10
which we would answer snipily, ‘No.
but we’vo heard plenty of it, in fact
so much. that we really intend gomg
sometime." This. however. is not the
point we wish to make we hear

from various sources that another N
" " 4' ‘ e and really it’s made a first down.
mp 15 bung plan“ d g0 Nichols to (Ziril'l'in. put the ball ill

a lot of fun so anyone wishing to
be sure to sign up.
Some Sport!

Never let it cvor be said that that
the members of the Sports Depart-

lni'ramural '

All Teams

ootba" Commences

Sliow Passing Skill

 

Streaks Score
As Valiants Bow

By ART KAUFMAN

MAA got off to a muddy start
Wednesday afternoon, when Vau-
ghn's Valiants went down to defeat
at the hands of a fast passing comb-
ination of Sullivan’s team the
“Streaks.” Due to the sloppiness of
the field, it was almost impossible
to perform many running plays. The
Streaks had the advantage of su-
perior weight which they used in
supplying protection for the passer.
First Scoring -

The game wasn‘t five minutes old,
when the “Valiants” scored on a
long pass from Jerry Dunn to John
Bolles who was waiting in the end
zone after outracing the “Streaks”
safety man. The attempt for the
extra point was blocked.

The “Streaks” took the kick-off
and marched to a touchdown in seven
straight plays. This march was
marked by some spectacular run-
ning on the part of Nichols and Sul-
livan. The score came on a- 20-yard
pass from Griffin to Nichols. The
attempt for the extra point was
knocked down. This ended the scor-
ing for the first quarter.

Second Quarter

The “Streaks” scored again in the
second quarter on one of the clit-
standing plays of the afternoon.
Sullivan passed to Griffin. who just
as he was about to be touched, lat-
eralled the ball to Nichols, who was
racing down the sidelines. Nichols
crossed the goal line unmolested. The
score as the half ended was 12-6 in
favor of the “Streaks.”

The second half opened as the
“Streaks” kicked off. Both teams
put up a stalwart defense slowmg
down the game for a few minutes.
The “Streaks” got a break when the
“Valiants” elected to run on a fourth
down. They just missed making a
first down on that play. This gave
the “Streaks” possession of the ball
on the midfield stripe. At this pomt
Sullivan and Nichols unleilscd a
passing attack which left their op-
ponents flat~footcd. This play
brought them another score as Sulli—
van tossed a touchdown pass which
nestled in Thaycr’s arm. The extra
ioillt was made with the completion
of a short pass over the center. The
score now stood 19-6.

Third Quarter '

After receiving the kickoff. the
“Valiants” bounced right back lo
score on a series of clever apsses
worked from a spinner play by Jerry
Dunn and “Sparkey” Vaughn. As
the third quarter ended. the score
was 19-12.

The fourth quarter found the “Va-
linnls" desperately lryiilg lo tie the
score by filling the air with passes.
The interception of one of these.
started the “Streaks” rolling on the.
wuv to their final score. Sullivan,
running behind soiilc llicc blocking.
Then a puss from

scoring territory. A spectacular shoc-
string catch ovcr the goal line on the
part of Nichols. ended the scoring
for llle day.

ment don’t work hard. but even we (“Hookups Viemmim

need a little ersl and relaxation. So
naturally we don't mind when one oi

Mort ’l‘llayer was the outstanding

the kids takes a little vacation. We mm, on durum”, Hi5 play was and
still haven't figured this one that Wm be, a great aid to we “5.11.3145
Gen Stiles pulled Wednesday night in coming gnmm

tho’. It was like this—~we Were sit-
ting in the P'O‘ we‘l' mgm’ plugging. ﬁnd “5 “"10 15005 0“. h" “'m “ovum” good-bye to Bessie. llll(l sci out for lllul ullolllcr sllch

Jerry Griffin plnycd well at end

away M “‘0 LYI’OWHWIV When “n 01 into illl outstanding puss receiVer.
a sudden Gen Stiles waltzos into Bob Nichols proved in be one 0‘
the P. 0. iii an evening gown smil- the most promising backfield men of
ing demurer and saying.“ Pardon the (my. His Hugging and running
me. but is this where the formal is m... mmy sumollllng to watch.

being held this evening?" Well, we

didn't“ know Whether m humor he" ll runner and pilsscr. He should prove
01' throw he" "UL Then “’0 remem‘ to be an asset to the "Valicnis.

bered what a loyal member of the

Sport‘s Del’t' “he l5 5" we kept he" reputation of being a smart brill car-

in and prevented her from going to 1.19,.-
that formal—«wasn't that mean? We
also prescribed a slight rest-—say considered one cumin.
two or three days. until it's time completing successfully re

for the next issue of the NEWS to twelve passes,

come out. Could be from overwork

those things do hep en you know

Take off that formal and come on so

back Gen!!!

I

favorite team a little support?

Jerry Dulln showed his ability as
Sparky Vaughn lchd up to his

Bob Sullivan shoWed why he is
st passcrs by

ii out of 

Paw—How about coming out for
me of the games and giving your

CAMP JOHNSTON

WAA Revises
Sport Schedule On Page Field

New Gym Classes Start Receipts To Augment
StudentsTaught History Fund For Faculty Tea

Rain again has held up WAA’s Last week in assembly Myskania
athletic program for the year, but challenged the Fresh girls to a game
there are great hopes that the fall of touch football, to be held at 4
season of sports will be completed. P.M., Tuesday, October 9. on Page

In order to meet the demand for field. Robert Sullivan’s ’46, will act
supervised hours in tennis and arch- as water boy and each of huddles
Cl‘i‘. their times have been changed. and mucldles for the Myskania Mar—
CO-CaplainS. Jerry Callahan, ’47, auders. Frank Woodworth ‘47. and
and Wanda. Tomasik, ’48. have an- Jack Tuner ’49. will direct tackles
nounccd that tennis will be held and tactics for the Fresh girls and
Mommy. Til-ESdﬁy 311d Th'tll‘SdRY. care for the wounded. (The latter of
while archery has been changed to which. there will undoubtedly be

Monday, Thursday. and Saturday. many.)

Ellen Roehford and Eleanor Talk about your mug-h and ready
SChnCidOl‘. SODIIOINOI‘eSv are the kids and eager beavers! Woodworth
has given your reporter permission

HOCkCl’ Dl'aCtiCC is being held to use [he word enthusiasm at least
0"‘91'5’ Mommy- WCdnCSdaY: and Fri" 50 times. or more. in the describing
day on the dorm field and Betty Of the 49%.“. Altogether. about;
Ann Milli—4m and Wilma Diehlv 00‘ thier girls turned out for practice
captains. have announced that con— Tuos'da, afternoon up at the dorm
195“ a” being planned With Skid" field. Woodworth and Tabncr were
more. College 01' St. Rose, and Rus- Faggot} .havenxt you noncom. In”
5““ sag“ ing lo keep up with their proleges.
. . . From all reports the Red team is

M’s“ Johnson 1)”me C(mcmmn well educated along the lilies of bill-
iilsirllctor. has slalcd tllili classes wring. ripmug‘ mm colliding. with

captains of this sport.

Sports ’i‘licory

on sports theory will be conducted 1m, mmonvnm

'1I.,u.§§(‘lm;[.fu.9:1_9 and ,va‘ﬂ.l.]_osfll"1y k,” If ’l‘llesduy‘s exhibition was any
“' 0' 105“ mum‘an “"25” “‘(l m l‘.‘itlllll)lt* of what llle game will really
lhc course need ullcnd only one Do 1.1m“ it “mumps m be ,m (.mp1,
r . z ‘ ll l‘ 'lflcrl'loon. il' a lllllt‘ lii'ill l.
Class mu bl) held In the gym" Thur“ lYldil‘iifnllr‘lvc lllollglll ll wus the roll]
llling llle olllcl' day. the way the
girls charged down llle field. pulled

class while the second required

both the fresh and Millie students
will be taught llle finer points of
athletics. Both Juniors and Sopho-
mores ill'c iii the class and this will
lake illc place of ’48's regular gym
classes.

WAA has planned on exhibition
for November 9. with Margot nnd
Sweeney. Juniors. and Dielll. ‘48, iii
charge. Different sport techniques
will be shown and developmental
gym work will be demonstrated.
This is the first big project under-
lilkell by WAA this your llll(l should
prov:- u great success.

hair. and clawed each other.
\"ci'.~;ul.il:,- ’l‘cuni

MYSTERY VEILS \VEEI(_EN[) and Griffin slucks up well as all end.

(Con/illllml from. [ml/(3 ll, Col. 5/ 'l'li'ki‘l 55”"
Sunday morning dawned ulid our
biollle spirits were up ill. the crack
of duwn. Breakfast wus soon over.

' l " I' l ‘ - l -< of Dru )er. ’l‘cn cents is the
and um (“Shh (mm 1m mt I‘m  You llllli‘l losc bccuusc one 1‘05“ “Xi’llri‘mt‘lll llll‘i’ listened. The
afternoon of clitcrlllinlnclll. nets un- l"(’l5li’lls Wt'l‘c coming closer and
other. The game is for lllc benefit MOSH“ B.\’ 11115 111m: the whole Cllmp
of ll Faculty Tell to be held ill the “'1‘,” “WW0 “lid “Sil‘lling. Mufflcd
I has been decided ""1005 Gum“ llil'Ullgll the boiled door
“Huh. be held lllld beams from flashlights played
since lllsl ycur's wus u gl'cut success. 0“ hii‘ Willis. Who was it? wnu1d

lime. Bessie was still making herself
offensive. My gosll. doesn't that
row have :1 home?

Lllti‘l‘ ill the afternoon “The Gang"
packed up their culpillclll waved 119111“ mum" 1‘

lilo lruill.

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP. DIAL 5""19l3

BOULEVARD OAFETEBIA

Try Our Businessmuu’s liunrll

IBB—ZOO CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

Myskania-'49,Tilt

As for the Marauders, llley have
u very versatile leum. Each and
'evcry player can fill several differ-
clll positions, at the some time. A
few can play tackle. fullback, end,
and on llle opposing team. simul-
lilncously. As for special positions.
according to Coach Sullivan. Slucklc
looks like u lust bull runner. Berbrich
will fill u big place ul ccnlel‘, Scy-
moul' will spark the passing ulluck, “"1 (1085. bculls. rolls ulld butter.

’l‘uesduy. Tickets will be on sale un- I ' I '
til the day of the. game ill the Lower “I! Mllllld of heavy ioolslcps. Mm-

Mystery Veils'
Week-end Fun
For Stole Co-eds

By VIRGINIA DAY ‘

“Off we go into the wild blue yon-
der—1’ and so it was last Saturday
morning when twelve State College
Co-eds braved the elements and
started for Camp Johnston. Pirow-
ski, Margot, Doran, Sturzenberger,
Whipple. and Anderson who had
made the journey before. convinced
the rookies that 7 o’clock wasn’t very
early to get up on Saturday morn-
ing and after all it isn’t every day
there’s a chance to get away from
it all. The unsuspecting rookies were
Harding, Lewis, Aldous, Duebler,
MacLaren and Phillips.

The train ride over with, “Our
Gang" headed up into the woods.
Destination only two miles off, path
to the right leads directly to the
Camp. Those Chatham hills sure
do Wind, hey kids? With a sigh of
relief the little band advanced cau-
tiously along the cow path leading
to the front door. But wait—what is
the sinister air of mystery surround-
ing the placeuand at 7 in the morn-
ing. too. Away went the thoughts of
a hearty breakfast and luscious re-
laxation. “The Gang” surrounded the
Camp. after deep consultation of
course. and Margot being braver
than the others stole softly up to one
of the rear windows—there just
wasn’t any panes in it! Leaning into
the paneless window. she tried to
make out the interior of the room.
Feeling some one tap her gently in
the back, she turned. Along side of
her stood a cow with the largest
rown eyes she had ever seen. Yipel
Now a cow couldn‘t break window
panes. so the whole company decided
to advance. Who broke the windows?
We wish we knew!

By 10 AM. the campers had un-
packed around Bessie who refused
to budge from the front entrance
where she had set up headquarters.
Breakfast was over and the in-
evitable dishes were to be done.
Thank heavens the pump had been
fixed!’ It was then they discovered
that the cow had made a raid and
returned to sentry position—all this
during breakfast. The pump was
laying dejectedly on its side, and
no amount of coaxing could get it
into working order. Pat Lewis volun-
leei'ed to go to the creek for water.
She didn‘t come gack so a searching
party wzs organized. There was
-cl. knee deep ill the water. Great,
sporl! Lots of fun! Come on ill wad-
ing! Then disaster struck. Splash!
Sager (pardon Mrs. Lcwlsl lilt bol-
lom. Well. all‘s well that ends well.
Pill washed her clolllcs while the
ollicl's did the dishes.

VVlllli could be nicer than a hike
uflcr breakfllsl'.’ Thall was where
the men came lll. They were com-
ing over the hill with clubs. Whip-
plc and Anderson jllsl couldn't rc-
sisl lhc lelliplulion.

"Wllul are the sticks for?"

“Snakes.”

“Snakes?” choruscd "The, Gung.”
Without a molllenls hesitation our
friends hurried home. stumbled over
Bessie who was slill lliere. bolted
lllc door. and hung up the “No
Snakes Allowed" sign.

The uflcl'ilooll slcpl uwlly find it
was supper liillc. Whul ll supper!

milk. cookies and lllursllmullows. At
8:30 they l'elircilmjllsl imagine 8:30.

In short. kids. plun lo be there Qum “950(‘Hdi‘d “P0” “1“ Cilmll

Suddenly oill of the silliness cilme

gol llrouscd Pil'olvski and lil bl‘culll-

lilo culprils try to break in? With it
final thrust ill the door, the foot-
slcps were heard leuvlng the porch.
Aficr ll rulllcr bl'icf illid somewhat
hushed conversation sleep came
ugulll. ’l‘llc lllyslcl'y still remains
unsolved.

lCUIl/lillllfd on page 0, (Jul. .1)

OTTO ll. MENOE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 12.

Student Council kW 359W“! . . -

. XXX NO. 4

I I I
The faculty and administration of the College have denied    

Plans Assembly the rumor that the Class of ’47 will be graduated under the

Five Year Plan and will not practice teach next year.

E .
 To 'Dissolvei Reports began circulating this week to the effect that, after  -  

this year, no teaching certificates would be iss ‘ '
_ . . . . ., - ..ued until stu-
. .. . .
commuees SUbdtllUted dents had completed a fifth year of: study here. A careful
ﬁne members of Student Council fhectlLWlth school offlClals has revealed that there is no basis
in present a skit entitled “Meler- ’or . is “news” and the )l'O rum vi ' 
dranuner” in assembly this morn- for some time ‘ I F ‘ \ 11 “0t be DUt Into e'ttCCt

ing. There will be nominations by a - - -
Student Association for a member ltllen C. Stokes. {Dean of Women, stated that the temper-
or the Junlor class to fill the va— ary one-year certltl fates are still being issued to graduates

(n I ~ ' ' ‘ ' L
g1’gngincegnantclllea ifgﬁllltESBEIﬁ; (jig  the end of tour rycar.‘ and no immediate change in this plan
preparation for Activities Day. is contemplated. lhey Will be stopped as soon as the emer—

y) .7 u w u. '< r 'w or. "'

Jmnes Conley, .471 will act as mm Iglc‘ncy is ended, she said, but this date is very indefinite. She
mm. for. the Skit in pantomime :1 so expiessed the belief: that more students will voluntarily
19m, whlc-h is based on the old- remain for the 5th year before the program officially begins
time. theme orthe hero versus the Elizabeth Vail Dellburgh Regist or reported th' t 
Villain in the fight for the maiden. h,N bJ . ,3- “I -, _ ’ ’ ‘1 no won
The state College Cheer Leaders a. cell leccll u from the State Department and students
Wm be in charge of me Cheering Will continue to get their practice teaching during their senior
fox the pop rally. year. .NllSSr Van Dellburgh agreed that it is not known when
Student Council Meets thil‘Five iear Program will begin.

( i a . '. »' ‘ . . . - .

At the Student Council meeting F' ulthei (lCllldl of this lum01 was received from D13 Robert
Wednesday night, a commute? was ledciicks, Director of Teacher T'ailiing, who stated it will
appomted to take over the duties of be necessary to reorganize the entire educational set-up ill

 

War Activities Council, which has t .l . ._ . .
been dissolved. The committee. .hc .Conege When the moglam beng-

headed by Phillip Lashinsky,

I47, ' ~‘ —‘~ ~~~~~ —.~A» . 7 . .7 . . I
will make plans l‘or the hospital . - 
camp shows, the State Fair, and co-    courage/ Gravel Gerl’esi

Osborne To Offer Hope

operate with community organiza-
tions in securing funds for the

I
eighth War Loan, the War Fund,  D b
and in obtaining articles for the  e ate firslimmemon 0f 9
clothing drive to be held this your. Marianne DﬂViS- '46! PFC-Side“ 0f have a dell t~d y-OL‘F DO you
, ‘  _ ‘ Debate Council, has announced that - ' 9 “en L mmude tow"
It was decided that each membei [he ﬁrst, laboratory debate f n “‘1 me‘
of Student Council should contact semester ‘ ‘ 0 1e

yell long to wow him with his

in the Lounge. The
has been chosen for
“Resolved: That the

that the Faculty Tax Tickets may to )jc wl‘
be distributed by LOCIﬂy. dilscussiohlmis

bert Wins

O I
3...... do  L... p0,... D0 48 Presidency
Dillin Directs Publicity

For Sophomore Class
. Look no further for your time As a result of the elections held
several members of the faculty so 330 P. lain be held Tuesday. at has finally arrived Soon_1.igm in Assembly last Friday, Gloria. Gil-

149 To Receive
Banner From '47

Talent Show in Gym,
Pep Rally,$nal<eiDance
Will Highlight Evening

Activities Day will begin tomor-
row at 2 P. M. in the Commons
where tables will be set up in order
that the freshmen and upperclass-
men may sign up for the extra-
curricular activitics in which they
wish to participate. A bonfire and
pep rally in the evening followed by
a Snake Dance to the gym will ter-
minate the events of the day, Rob-
ert Sullivan. ’46, chairman. has an-
nounced.

Supplementing last Monday's
Orientation meeting at which the
freshmen were advised about extra-
curricular activities, the sign-up
procedure will last until 3:30 P. M.
At this time the freshmen will re-
ceive the ’49 banner from their sis-
ter Class of '47 and James Conley,
President of the Junior Class, will
make a brief speech. This year
marks the third anniversary of the
ceremony which initiates the tradi-
tional freshmarr-Sophomore Rivalry.
The Senior banner ceremony will

here in ye olde mus is comm. bert gained presidency of the Class .
one who guarantees to leave 5.03 of ’48 Oil the second distribution. Of  be new as the semms hang

banner in its place beside

Mary Straub. '46. and Betty Aim United States should control the With invaluable aids mom; a!" the 241 vows caSt‘ Miss Gilbert led that Of the Class Of '45. A Short

Margot, ’47, were appointed to production of Atomic Products."
election commission. Members of At a Debate
the commission who also served last M ' - -

~ I A . t onday night for 'lll l i ' ' .
year are Josephine Maggio and interested in deﬂateupelcmssmen Odds and ends-
Georgette Dunn, Seniors, and Edna were made '

Sweeney, ’47. for this discussion. Up- unothci'

holding the affirmative will be Dor—

othy Knapp and Betty Rose Hilt,

Juniors. On the negative side will
Marjorie O’Grady. '47, was chos- be Marilyn Thompson and Gertrude

on head of Campus Chest. The va- Wclikes, SOPhOHlOI'f—‘S.

cancy on the Big 8 Committee was MlSi Davis urged everyone inter-

  Lhe 8])1J0111Lmellt 0f Edith cstcd to attend and participate in

fiends Campus Chest

gill of eighteen.

James Conley was automatically 111"!) Who are interested ' ' ‘

' . ' - . ~ . a . in debate sh-lr) be sha' l " ' ‘
made chairman of the freshman and 1.1”” the)” Will be able to Sign U!) Hillel-LEI" 801111]; bl‘Oul‘lle‘GRmttlo
Sophomore skits for Campus Day, 101' the freshman squad at the Dc- MacDonald Osborne (sailrlk u 1
October 27. Tile freshman cominit- biltc‘ COUHCU DESK 011 ACLlViLiCS Day. "The Impression We Lc'llvc” slid

n. l i

Let; chosen to Lake charge of me As members of this squad thev will u v - '. l . ‘ w i ' ' "'
banner consists of Robert Baker, PC B‘iVOU Opportunity l0 L111<9313art nggk‘" bii'cAé-Jldlt‘o‘l/J‘c' l2]; ' 'le‘lilv Eligillc‘l’itl”
chairman, Gerald Dunn and Mei't In practice debates throughout the ' ’1 ‘W 23' Gilbert
Thaw... Harry Mills. '43, was 11]). year and will have a chance to take H'lrdl IIIIII u
lJOlnted chairman of the committee IJHI'L 111 L110 SODIIOHIOI'C-freshman TlY OUlS For AdverliSlng Stall Worth “

Isabel Fear. '46. Business Manager Blanks
of the. State College Nelvs, has re- Tim” 
‘ b‘ll students with sketch- This is “10 ll“
 I ' . ‘ mg ,1 MW, who are interested in cnliul voting system has been used
A report was heard on the use 2:217:19: and, Middlebmy WOIIlCllS this type of work, to try out for the in “1355 910000115 The l'ellmillint’; 01.-

gl, 0.11 y lll November. Plans advertising (leparmnentl Contest- floors of the Sophomore Class are:

ants should meet Monday at noon SCCI‘L‘lvill‘i’v BELLY Cnvanauch: WAA
Representative, Hilda Fiedlcr; WAA
Manager.
Helen Kisiel: Cheerleader. Dorothy
There will be class elec-
lions ill the near future to fill the
office of Vice-President.
by Miss Gilbert,
Student Union Board

Barbara Rcifi’ was elected Senior
member of the Student Union Board
on the second distribution Willi 436
vote. Joull Mather followed with

to write and produce the freshman (10‘1ch ill the Sprint!-

Campus Day skit. Other members SCVGI‘HJ debates with other col-
ﬂm Lee Emmpng‘ Carolyn Woods, lcgcs are being planned for this quested '11]
and Hilda Falkenburgh. 50111051011 “Wilding Syracuse Uni- K i l

of the MAA and WAA surplus funds 10,.

. .. . . ll ' ~ ‘ '
L0 be used In case 01 mJUHCS‘ t (so the debates Will be an-

liounced at a later date. in tile News office

Radio, Stage, ScreeHFSior To Sing In Page ConcerlL TonighiL

Tonight at 8:30 P. M. Donald

Dickson, versatile baritone of the _

concert and opera stage, will up- ' . ,
pear ill Page Hall in the first Music ‘ ' ’
Council presentation of the your.

Although only ill his early thir-
ties. Dickson has succeeded in mak-
ing ll reputation for ilililself not
only on the concert stage but ill
l'llfllO uild Grand Opera us well. He.
has appeared ill tile motion pic-
tures. His radio engagements on
such progi'ullls us the Krqu Music
Hull. the Chase and Silliborn Hour.
the General Motors program, and
on the Coca-Cola Hour have. made
liilll known to millions of people
across the country, while. his per—
sonal uppeilrililces have brought
llilll wide and enthusiastic acclaim.

“lie come. he song. he conquered"
~»so wrote the St. Louis Daily Globe
Democrat after one of Dickson's
appearances lil that city. Through-
out“ the country he hils thrilled
llllt cilccs with his delightful rendi-
tions of old and new selections. "will" mcksw

Mr. Dickson was first introduced porlunt step. A
to American audiences by Rodziu- Altilough he prefers dranmtlc
ski when he won fame and acclaim roles such as “Rigoletto.” Mr. Dick- sum 1'

French songs, as well as the modern
music of Jerome Kern and others.
a He is extl'clllcly interested in ll'llllli-
g lilting muny of the greatest selec-
tions of German and French com—
posers iillo English lll order to make
it possible for more people to un-
dei'slulld ulld enjoy them more ful- .
ly. This interest lll translation is
apparent in many of the classical
selections which he cliooxes for his

teen at the time he made this 1111- Woogie, Negro spirituals, and dent Tux tickets.

 

momiate Clothes] voice and com on the second distribution with 138
' I vol-5mm“, mental an ,_.- L votes and Robert Hardt, her closest
001111011 lllcetmg‘ poise and all those oath];1 Competitor fonowed With 103'

u . William Baldwin was elected sec-
llnal plans Even moth you may be just retary of the Class of ’48 in the fifth
“Gravel Gertie”. lend disnibumoni
an em. to what is coming and Vivian Hillier and Margaret Daly
gain a new outlook on life. May_ were her closest competitors with
be “.5 just, the wrong. Shade of Miss Daly dropping out ill the fourth
lipstick you-m using. 01. your and Miss Hillier ending ill the fifth
Skin‘s mo long. Anyway, it's with 93 votes to Baldwin’s 146.
new... {00 late mum-e can be_ Dorothy Diffili landslided to the
the open discussion following the S ] Fifllfel'ol‘ ‘lmlﬂmity Clijreitor in the
~ ‘ _ I . .. l n 0 g; V, _~ . -  rs (IS 1131] lo ' 

As Pregldcnt 01 me Junlor Class, debate. She also reminded all fresh- friends. ilr'o(u (Fill 125k  more man She Algal}; fél'vuyglgflbéé

year the prefer-

Skcllon.

Who‘s Who
'l‘llci'esii

Robert Sullivan.

speech by James Miner, President
of the Class of ’46, and the singing
of the banner song will follow.
Class Positions

During this banner ceremony,
Seniors are requested to stand on
the balcony behind Myskania, with
the freshmen downstairs

Sophomores will stand un-
der the balcony in front of the Sen-
iors and the Juniors will face the
piano.

After the ceremonies there will
be a further opportunity to sign up
for activities. Dancing in the Com-
mons will continue until 5 P. M.

The bonfire, which will be lit at

M. on the Dorm Field, will
start the evening program. After
a pep rally and group singing, the
traditional Snake Dance to the gym
will take place. At 9:30 there will
be a special entertainment and the

progralll will conclude with dancing
from 10 to 11 P. M. In case of rain.
the program will be the same ex-
cept that the pep rally will be held
ill the gylii at 8:30.

Organization Booths

Alice Prindle. ’48, ill charge of
(Continued on page .i', 001. I)

Announces Directors

left vacant For one_Act PlaYs

Mury Harvey. ’47. has announced

lhatythe casts have been chosen
for 10111‘ clic-uet plays which will
be presented here this month and
next by College Playhouse.

Lois Fillmun, '47. will direct

“Suppressed Desire,” one of two
concerts. Press Burcl’ul luls announced the. pluys Scheduled for Ocmber 30' and
The program loniglil will include iv“ 8011.10” “m” wm rvl’rment‘ Slum
five groups of songs. among them m wlm.“ Wt"? 1“ mum'in 001103"
SMWUDUS by Brahms. SUWSS’ Mus_ and Universities. They are: llurl'iet
sorgski. and Rucllliluilinoff, us well Brmknmu' Mar-V Louise C‘ISC-V‘ Em"
us u few Negro spirlluills. Four of “mm Hnmmm'
his selections are still ill lllnlluscript Jam” Mimny' Muriel NW3" Shirley
rum] Sim.“ may are “5 5m unpub_ Pilssow. Mury Scylllour. Hclcn Slack
lisllell. Shun”
In “Mum” to M... DicksoWS mo_ Tile names of the represcillulivcs
“mm! Luwr..m.(. SLRWqW ms mum have already been submitted lo the
1:,[,mmmmm,Us," Wm 1.0mm. a group uilliuul and ille candidates will re-
01- [our whwmnns by the composer ceive forms to fill out llils month.
Claude Debussy. Mr. Stevens is ll 14““ W‘s”- Smli’ hﬂd five representa-
wcll-known pianist and is tile com- “"95 1“ Who's Who- Tim-V WW“ 5""
poser of two of the selections which leclcd on the basis of most popular,
are still in lliailuscript form. FWWUC"
Tickle}: for the event are on £343” NOW; “0119 "105‘! for State
‘ I I _ . 01- ,0 , - - ' unna Co   ' .
as soloist with the Cleveland Sym- son sings nearly every type of com- and ill. tl$ie Collegzucldl-lgic Sgt)ng 01110 K011112l)gildlll?dgtdilliigillilg’ 
phony Oichestrc. He was only nine- position; German liedei', boogle- students will be admitted by Stu- null/1311511: ‘ H , -

(Continued on page 2, 001. 5)

has selected the following cast:
"Henrietta." Beverly Coplih, ’49;
Stephen." Bill Blasberg. ’49; “Ma-
bel.” Dorothy Swegur. ’49. “Will-
O—the—Wisp," another play to be
' held the some evening, will be (ii--
reeled by Julia Boxer, '47. Tile
cilst has not yet been named.

The following committee head for

the. plays have been selected: De-
lol'es Lawson. '47. Sets; Mary Ellen
chiler. '4’], Lights; Rosemary
Ryan. ’48. Props; Marie Liebl. '46.
House and Publicity; Alice Knapp.
’47, Costumes; Betty Margot. ’47
Makeup. ,

Miss Harvey has urged that all
v students who are interested in help-

lllg with the plays contact her as
5331‘; as possibleiedAssistants of all

‘ are nee es e

backstage work. p many for

 

