 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
 
  
     
 
   
   
 
 
   
 

   

PAGE 2

17”?“
ca

—— By Mindy Warshaw —

Ed Note: Kippy Marsh, forced by circumstances
beyond her control to relinquish her column (the ctr-
cumstances include a broken finger and, a tribe of
small people who inhabit a red brick building nearby)
hereby bequeaths this “space” for the remainder of
the year to Mindy Warshaw, ’/;7.
dere stoodents

you aint heard from me in a cats age so thought
id drop a little note friday 1 will see my name in print
it does my old heart good i love publicity do you know
i am now an orphan my mother deserted me for those
kids in milne the very same ones they used to sit on
my head and pull my tail what do you think of a
mother who left me for them the first thing i know
she buys herself a pair of purple shoes and now i am
an orphan some people have all the luck 1 dont know
wot goz on here anyway i dont like my new mother at
all some sofomore squirt her hair aint blond like Edna
Maize sheez short homely her hair it hangs down to
her eyebrows do yu think im being catty i should
worry 1 know you only read this to find out about
them handsom fellers in the armed surface all rite
so you like them betternme i didnt ask to be born
a cat did i if you want i will go out and make a war
with some superdog youll be sorry when i get the
purple cat biscuit hear i am at the end of my litter
and what i write this for was to tell ya I DONT LIKE
MY NEW NAME!

Alex Marsh Warshaw
FULL SPEED AHEAD

Pfc. Edith Trelease Aney of the WAC had pledged
to give 100 dollars to the Student Union fund, starting
February. 1946. Obviously re-inspired on her recent
visit back to the Little Red Schoolhouse, she has
started her payments 9. year ahead of time by send-
ing in a $10 check . . . Elizabeth Peabody, Sl/c WAVE
and also of the Class of ’43, stationed in Washington,
D. . . . married in Florida . . . our best rice and
confetti to you. Her husband has gone overseas . . .
WITH OPEN ARMS

To Frank Woodworth, formerly of ’45, we lay down
the Welcome Mat. After being everywhere. seeing
everything, he return to the old stamping grounds.
Itenerary—Hondebras Islands, Sololmons, New Cale-
donia . . . we’re glad he’s back with us . . .
SPEAKING 0F PREZIDENTS

Stan Abrams, frOSh president of ’46, now somewhere
in Luxembourg . . . far away, maybe, but close in
thoughts as he writes “Tell any of the ’46ers you see
that I think of them often—whenever we get our
moments to do such things as that." . . . Joe Francello,
S 2/c U.S.N.A.T.C. in Pensacola, Fla. and ’47's president
last year wants to know “what goes” with his class . . .
rivalry and stuff . . . mostly rivalry. . .

HERE AND THERE

..Manny Miller, ’47, U.S.N.. Sampson, N. Y. back visit-
ing the College . . . just received medical discharge . . .
Abe Sherer S 2/0 Quartermaster School in Bainbridge
Maryland (My Maryland) overjoyed at receiving the
News. Might be home Friday for his own . . . S/Sgt.
Louis Francello, Class of '40. somewhere in Italy with
the Army Air Corps . . . Max Braun of the Class of ’45
touring the Old Country. stopping off in England and
now Somewhere in France . . .

ACK ACK ACK ACK

Pfc. Marshall Ackcrmun, '46, out fighting the Nazis
—wounded in the arm (you shoulda seen the other
guy: . . . expects to be sent back to the front as soon
as he’s better although he's not. “especially looking
forward to it" . . . Pvt. David Sluvln, ex-diciaior of
the PO. expected back on furlough but suddenly call-
ed to Washington . . .

HELP WANTED NOW

A group of war-conscious Slate women. Willi ihc
permission of lhc administration. are organizing a
troupe to entertain wounded scrviccmcnt. The
idea originulcd with :1 low of our womcn, who have
already iruvcllcd with an Albany lroupc which cnicr~
mined oi. the Surniogo and Rhodes Hospiinls.

Before ihc curtain wcni. up on their regular show.
spccioliy numbers were prcsonicd in ccl'iuin words for
the morc seriously \voundcd. who had to l'i‘lllillll ln
bod. Lulcr. lhc rcgulnr shows includcd ucis displaying
singing, dancing. and ucilng iulcnis. Thc pcrformcl's
as well as u number of hoslcsscs who bud come along"
for lhc spccinl occasion, ulso scrvcd rcfrcshnn-nis.
prcscnlcd books flu-y had bought. and convl-rscd with
lhcsc \i’lllillili'd scrvlccmcn.

'I‘hc HInlc girls who wcro among this group. i'culizlng
iho uplli‘ling cil‘ccis lhcsc visiis had upon lhc scr-
viccmcn's morulc, dccide-d to organize a lroupo com-
priscd l-sclusivcly of Hilllc's womcn.

In today’s assembly. on uimoumn-mcnl. will lll' nnldc
wiih rcfcl'cncc lo lhc dulc of ii‘y-onis. which 2n'c. open
to l-vcryonc. ’l‘hc purpose of this is to IIClllVi‘ an idea
of tho voi'icly of lulan here so find. the show will
be complclc in cvcry scnsc of the word.

The Weekly Bulletin“-

I'i-ii. lii' 1"l'Ihil i'lllil ill I I’ .\l .luli N l'. \I ll!
pol-ling .ll H I'. \I. In lilo I'.i,:l- ll.lI| .\|lllllil|‘illll|
l‘ommoir- ~|.ll‘l'Ii|',.' \lll‘lii'ii‘ Morgan

Iv‘i-lz li' l'ommulclﬁ. i’lllb I"i‘l~ll|
illill‘l‘ In lhc I'ummons, h to .\ii llnllcl' graduates who
l'J llIlllIIll—(lll. .|"l‘ I‘lllpl-Iiilil lulll‘l llllii‘

iﬁvii. ‘_‘Il; Miss Agni-s li'nl» liilll' lil‘l'll .l~l.wl lo como
lorcr will spinal. on drums In lhl- ol‘l’m- ol‘ ilil' [ch311
ill [ll‘liillli'lilllL ’l‘IIm- and of \\'olm>li. Iil‘opvl' Ilil. lic-
llllll'i’ will lu- pmdcd on lln- f-ll'l- Holoi'duy. I"l-In'uury ‘JI
illnllnulilw Iiulll'lin hozll'd. lo I'III oul ii silol'l lililllli

I-‘oh. 'Jii: l-‘rwnch i'luh will li-gdrdlng lhcir l-mploj

how Ii morlc, "iii'llmuillu." lliI‘lll.

  

SIAI’E COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1945

 

Words On Wolinsky . . .

-— By Doris Fleishman —

Tonight to a full house, Fredrik
Wolinsky made his concert debut.
It is a testimony to his popularity
in the community of Albany as well
as in the college that the house was
composed of almost as many inter-
ested outsiders as college students.
From his first appearance on the
stage until his final bow, Mr. Wolin-
sky gave a completely professional
appearance. Certainly he had the
poise and stage presence of a pro-
fessional.

Mr. Wolinsky’s choice of selections
followed the usual pattern of such
concerts going from the classicism of
Bach through to the romanticism
of Chopin. The difficult and pon-
derous Bach Prelude and Fugue in
A Minor was played to technical
[perfection without the fault: of
making it sound like a finger exer-
else.

The other number in this early
classical group was the Mozart
Fantasia in C'. It was played with
the delicacy needed for Mozart but
Mr. Wolinsky seemed more in sym-
pathy with Bach. The great master
Beethoven was represented by the
familiar Sonata quasi nna Fantasia
more commonly known as the
Moonlight Sonata. The mood of
the adagio was captured and held
through the sustained chords.
Again, in the presto agitato, Mr.
Wolinsky showed a. great technical
perfection.

The second half of the program
was a good contrast to the more

serious first half giving Mr. Wolin-
sky a chance to show a great deal
of brilliancy which appears in the
romantic composer. The Schubert
Impromptu in A flat Major showed
that Mr. Wolinsky could play in a
delicate manner as well as the more
brilliant and heavier passages and
yet lose none of his excellent tonal
quality. Of this third group the
Rhapsody in G minor was the best
interpretation for Mr. \Volinsky
seemed to have given more feeling
for the deeper emotions of Brahms
than the lighter and showier Schu-
mann or Debussy.

The last group of the concert was
a group of Chopin. Here Mr. Wol-
insky captured the spirit of Chopin
with his pianistic fireworks inter-
mingled with beautiful melodies
leaning toward the senticental. The
Scherzo in B flat minor was the
most brilliantly executed of the
group and a fitting conclusion to a
superb concert.

For his encores, and he was called
upon to play three, Mr. Wolinsky
played The Ritual Fire Dance by de
Falla which is familiar to all State
students who have heard Fred play
before, the very familiar and be-
loved Claire de Lune by Claude
Debussy. and Arioso by Bach. When
Mr. Wolinsky left the stage he
knew that his audience had appre-
ciated his efforts and that he had
done a good night’s work. It was
a great job, Fred! Congratulations!

 

Wall

440%

By Shirley Siege! Passow

 

Franklin D. Roosevelt is a man
who has seen, made and understood
history. He watched an immortal
idealist ruined, and the forces which
defeated him bring chaos again to
the world. He saw Woodrow Wilson
nail his standard to peace and jus-
tice. and the standard crash beneath
national greeds, internecine politics
and a fatal American fear: the fear
of European embroilment. Today,
Wilson’s Assistant Secretary of Navy
faces the same terrible challenge
which destroyed his chief. Roosevelt
has accepted the charge of guiding
world reconstruction.

The Big Three conference at Yal-
ta in the Soviet Union's Crimea
hints how sensitive he remains to
Wilson’s tactics. ideals and glorious
failure. The President has commit-
ted this country to a one-third re-
sponsibility for Europe's welfare. He
could do this. knowing that Congress
and the nation—with vociferous.
minor exceptions—have repudiated
turtle-shell politics. He says frank-
ly that U. S. partnership will kill
two perennial seeds of world war:
power grabs by Britain and the So-
viei. Union. and civil war in lhc
libcruicd nations. No pcucc pow-
wow. ihc Yuliu round iublc grnspcd
most of the brislling problems of
our lime and by its ini‘lcxiblc dc-
cision, sli'cnglhcncd lhc fighting
will of lhc Allics as wcll us prospects
for lhc lllilmuic pcncc conclusions.

Poland is symbolic of lhc unify
bcing \vcldcd. Marshal Sinlin willi—
(how his puil'onngc from lhc l.ublin
commilicc in Warsaw and ugrccd lo
lhc csiublislnncnl of :l bl'ondcr pl‘o-
visionle glwcl'nmcni. A lh'iiisii—
Amcl'icon-Sovici commission. on
which \Y. Avcrill Illn'rimun scrvcs
us our dclcgnlc. will supcrvisc und
gulu'onlcc popuhn' cll‘ciion of u
pcoplcs' gln'cl'nmcni in Poland. So-
\‘icl ini’lucnco will nuiurully prc-
dominuic for solnc liiilc lo comc,
shicc lhc l.nblin lcudcrs urc morc
l‘l'lll'i‘Si'lllllilVI‘ ihon uny oihcl' or-
gunizcd llnii In Poland. bui. singlc
control bus bccn volcd out. of ilic
picilirc.

ill-lilils of lhc military and poli-

' ilcul dcchdons on (ii’l‘illillLV urc luck-

ing for obvious rcusons. 'I‘iic gcncrul
slulcmcni. rcini'ol'ccs 'l‘chcrnn's pro-
olumullon of uncomiilionol sur—
i'cndcr und promiscs lho cxiorminu-
lion of Nazism, The official distinc-
tion bulwuon Nazism and the Gor-
mun pooplo is it possible opening
for surrender by segments of Our-

 

man leadership. But the so-called
“Free German” officers committee
apparently has been dumped by the
Soviet Union. Concensus seems to
agree there is no such thing as an
ex-Nazi. yet. The conference plans
partition of Germany, and France
will be invited to stop sulking and
join as a major power in policing
her ancient enemy.

It was Sen. Vandenburg (R, Mich.)
who recently advocated treaties dis-
arming the Axis nations permanent-
ly. Before he left for the Crimea,
President Roosevelt promised to
“explore” the former isolationist’s
proposals—another contrast with
the Wilson—Sen. Lodge feud which
wrecked the United States“ accep-
tance of the League of Nations.

In Greece. Yugoslavia and
Czechoslovakia, nuiive governments
are being helped back into business.
Martial rule ended Wednesday in
Athcns, and the EAM and govern-
ment are at peace. Tito and Prime
Minister Subasiich have agreed to
coalesce their governments. uniiing
the Resistance and conservative
cxilc l'ol'ccs. M. and Mme. Bones
cxpcci in return soon to lhc libcrni-
cd sl-ciion of (.‘zcchoslovukin.

While (lcrmun und .hlpnncsc fiqu-

ing mollnls in crncl dcspcl'ulion,
lhc pcucc golds urc bcing sluipcd in
concrcic lcrms, 'l‘hc nims nrc such
us can lil-m'lcn i'inropc‘s survivors.
for from ihc bright slogans of 191!)
which blindcd nnd confuscd iilc
wcln'y millions nil ovcr ihc world.
lint Yullu was not infallible, Whni
uboul Spain? Sovict forccs fought
l“l‘nnco in 1937. and \\'c, who stood
opui'l. lodny ui'c il'udlng wiih Spuin.
ollhough wc know Gcrmon pro-
cnrcs vulllublc win' mulcl'inl from
llmsc sumc cllonncls. \Nllill uboui
lhc .lcws‘.‘ Anii-Scniilism wus lhc
wcnpon which win'pcd lhc (icl'imin
mind; illimscli \Vlil‘ and l'lli‘llll coll—
qnl-sl as n snnc wuy ol' lilc for (lor—
muny; sprcud indcccncv and horror
lhronghoui lhc coniincnl. Nobody
spokc for lhc .lcws ihcn. Zionisl
l‘nlcsiinc Iuls sl-ni ils .Il-wish lll‘i—
glldc inlo lhc war for lwo plu'poscs:
io fighl Nun/ism and lo sccm'c u scnl
ui lhc I’cucc inblc. Wind. of ilic,
Ai‘ubs in lhc Middle I'lusl. whosc
Wlil' conirlbulion conslslcd ohicfly
of not. suboiuging ihc Allics, wbcn
Axis dcfcui. loomed us a possibility.
The Arubs loduy urc meeting again.
in hopcs of forming on Arub fedo-
ruiion.

Forbidden Fruit . . .

A college newspaper editor created a furor last
week with an editorial which suggested that Negroes
should attend the College, fraternize and “marry
among us.” The college was William and Mary in
Williamsburg, Virginia and the editor was Min-y
Kaemerle who, because of her editorial, caused the
newspaper The Flat [lat to be suspended by the
college authorities.

Students of the college have held a protest meet-
ing at which it was stated that the question was not
one of approval of the editorial which many of the
students did not agree with, but rather a question
of whether students wanted a censored publication.
The president of the college, Dr. John E. Pomfret
expressed the viewpoint of the administration in
making the action, that the editorial raised a furor,
that the college was supported by and was a part of
the State and that when it aroused the community
great harm was done.

In the meantime, the newspaper is suspended
and action by a Board of Visitors is pending to con-
sider “such corrective and disciplinary action as
may be necessary.”

This issue brings up a larger issue which con-
fronts college students and the administration.
Specifically this is exactly how much freedom of
thought and action should or will college authorities
give the students attending their institutions? Col-
lege students are theoretically preparing themselves
to become the leaders of their generation. They
are encouraged to think freely and individually.
Such motivation often leads to ideas which may not
be in conjunction with the ideas of the same people
who encouraged the free thinking. Such a situation
presents a problem, one of the manifestations of
which is recorded above. Either the offending siu~
dents are shown the error of their ways or they are
left to make their own way and discover for them-
selves the right or wrong of their belief.

Out of this point grows another question, nzunclv,
do college students know what is best for them?
The older person will naturally say “No.” The
college student will say that this is for he himself
to find out. Another aspect was presented by Dr.
Pomfret when he explained the action of the W il-
liam and Mary administration was prompted bv
the belief that the editorial was harmful to the
college. The harm evidently lay in the fact that ii
expressed ideas which were not held by a majority
of persons in the Lown or state. Since the college
IS supported by the State it was a question of
“Bucking” an organized majority.

A college lulminisiruiion has the job of keeping
a college functioning well and to the best luivzmillgc
of the students. in that capacity their decisions
are colored by ihcir responsibility. If is ncccs—
sary to distinguish lli‘lWCCIl valid and involid
correction. In ihis case, we do not 1ch ihsi lhc
corrccllvc action was jllsiificd by the dulics of illc
odminisimiion. '

 

STAT E COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

 

 

 

I
in]. XXIX Fcbl'uury lli. lll‘llF) No 1-I
.\I~-mlnr ' ' '
.\.~;~ol'i.|iml I'ollc:i.l‘w l’l‘lw i’nﬂl‘I'll'hhml‘ll'
l:i||‘ lliilill'l‘gl'dliliil- mu pip-w ol' llll‘ \l"~\ ‘w-I‘ 5"“
lolli‘uc Inl' I. il'lil‘l' 1 pulull i ll ‘l' I
cgc .\|‘.‘ll' m o..- .\1r:w:\ pal-u 1‘ .- '.l. w . ~ 
llon l'llllilv'~.' Ill'l'icc. ﬁliillil; “wolf-w :lllmi?“Illllfllll'lA"M‘lvd'
The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYIil'lS L'DIl'ill' mu llll l'
SUNNA  CUUI‘ER ;
EDNA M. MARSH l (Q'MANAUINU lllllull‘i
LL} ‘ '

IS DRUHY nlmllllu-i MAN’UHR

DOROTHEA SMITH
JOAN HYLIND

('l|\'(3lli ATIUN M \N‘\\il H

lli‘QliI‘u ii.’ |I)li
JO " -
AN  l'iLS‘JJClAlI. IlllIUH
ELI ‘
ZABEFH O NEIL Anson/HI: Lolmu

 

 

‘ -' 2
All colnmunlu'ulIons should In' uddl'cswcd lo lhc i‘llliol‘ and
The S'I‘A'I'I'l i'iildllilill'l .\'i<l\\'.‘~i usmllln-s no I'i'ﬁliilllnllllllll
[or opinions cxprl-sscd In Ils columns or communlculloud
lousl hc slgucll. Nlilllcs will ho wllhllcld upon rl-qm-sl.
us such ('klil'i'ssliills do Ilol nccl-ssnrlly rcl'llwi lln vii-W-

 

 

“One war story which has yet to
be told is the great job done by
the Filipino guerillas.” Lt. (jg)
Gerald Saddlemire (State. ’41) said
this week, shortly after his return
from active duty in the Pacific
theatre.

“The Filipinos’ devotion to the
American forces was very great.
They protected and fed Americans
who otherwise might have fallen
into Jap hands. MacArthur is a
hero to them for keeping his word
and returning.”

Saddlemire, who visited the col-
lege this week. was stationed on
the destroyer Hale during the
Philippines’ invasion last October.
His first experience with guerillas
was on Leyte D—Day, October 20,
when shore signals sent an. SOS to
the ship.

“We didn’t know whether to trust
the blinker or not. They asked us
to send out a boat to pick up
Commander X, but since we
didn’t know the man, we thought
it might be a Jap trick. They might
want to machine gun us, or some-
thing. The Admiral gave us per-
mission to go after Parsons, so we
sent an officer and five or six men
out in a motor whale boat.” Sad-
dlemire recalled.

“They were Filippinos. all right.
and several American officers whom
MacArthur had assigned to work
with the guerillas. One of the men
was 001., now Brig-Gen. Kangleon,
Filipino organizer and head of the
guerilla forces on Leyte. You may
have seen the Life article about
him recently.

“The guerillas were a well-edu-
cated bunch, but being junior of-
ficers, most of them didn’t say
much. Kangleon was r rough old
boy. though. a real fighter. We had
the group aboard for a couple of
hours before transferring them to
another ship.”

Besides penning the Japs into
pockets on the southern tip of Leyie
the guerillas secured invaluable in-
telligence, the lieutenant disclosed.

Pi Omega Pi To Hold Tea

Pi Omega Pi will hold a tea
February 22 in the Lounge from
3:30 to 6 P. M. All Juniors who
are Commerce majors are invited.

Heading committees for the af-
fair are the following people: Ar-
rangements. Hazel Revelle. '45; In
vitations. Florence Graham, '45;
Reception. Sonya Kadish. '46; En-
tertainment. Helen Elgin. ’44; Re-
freshments. Janet Mother. '45; Vic.
Dorothy Folk, '45; and Publicity.
Marie Hunter. ’45.

Jones Edits First I

BY SHIRLEY PASSOU

 

SIAIE LCLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, iii-l5

Gallant Filipino Guerillas Praised
By Former State Man On Leave

 

“Before we attacked, we knew

exactly what Jap air strength was,
where the Japs Were based and how
much equipment they had. The
Filipinos used to row around in
fishing boats. When they were
near the Japs, they hoist a Jap
flag; near Americans. they’d run
up their own flag.
,“MacArthur kept them supplied
with food and arms. though the
Japs never knew how. At night
each guerilla would go down to
the shore with a stick on his back.
They’d build every temporary pier
and our submarine would move in,
unload cargo and disappear. In the
morning, no pier. no submarine, but
the guerillas had enough to keep
going. The campaign was a push-
over. on the whole.”

Besides Leyte. the ex-State Col-
lege basketball player wears battle
siars for the Marshall Islands. New
Guinea and the Mariannas. But it
was not always exciting. he says:

“Pretty monotonous. at times.
There are no liberty ports in the
Pacific and often we went without
mail for some months. I was in
charge of the automatic battery—
small guns. It got so. the men be-
gan calling our ship ‘the lucky
Hale.“ because she never got a
scratch on her.”

When his leave ends, Lt. Saddle-
mire’s next assignment is Annapo-
lis, where he will take the post
graduate course.

Fine Arts Exhibit
Displays Posters

Ruth E. Hutchins. Assistant Pro-
fessors of Fine Arts, has announced
that the exhibit in the second
floor hall of Draper will continue
until February 29. The posters were
made by art classes 3, 4. 6. 18 and
13.

The purpose of these classes is to
aid prospective teachers of all sub-
jects in lettering. in displaying il-
lustrative material and in making
the classroom attractive.

Included among the posters are
artistic signs and illustrations of
the poetry and literature of Euro-
pcan countries. principally England
and France. For Social Studies
there are illustrations of the back-
ihere are illustrations of the culture
of the various countries. The posters
also illustrate room arrangement
and interior decoration. Others are
still life paintings. scenes of the
interior and exterior of the college.
and illustrations of the repetitive
effect of design.

[Quarterly";

 

State Students Contribute Folklore

Al lhc lasi mcciing of lhc Now
York Folklorc Associnlion. Harold
Thompson. nulliol' of "llody. llools
and Bl‘ilchcs" and Lcnchcr ui SLuic
Collcgc for i\\'cnly-fi\‘c ycln's. was
clcclcd l’rcsidl-nl. and Dr. Louis C.
.loncs. Assisiunl l’l'ol‘l-ssor of ling—
lish, wos i‘ii‘i'li‘il Editor of illi‘ ncwly
fol‘mcd Ncw York li‘olklol'c Finch-l)".

Ycrllcl'duy iiu' I’il‘sl issllc oi lhc
“l”olklol'c (.Quoricl'ly” wils plum-d in
('ll'('lllulioll 'llll‘l‘l' :li‘i‘ *llnllul' runo-
publlcollons in (‘ulil‘ornm 'l‘cnncsrc.
lndnmn und lln- Homo bul lliillllill',
o1 lhc kind Inns mm c‘ lwiili in my
Nol'llicu:i. Ill‘. Joins lllli'llil:-. liml
llli‘ "l"iilklol'l' (.Qllzil'il'l'l‘." lilliiil ‘oli
four limos ii ycln', \\lll llilllll lhc
Ili'i'il llll' I‘l-col'lliua: ond pl‘lwnl'xlm’
Ncw York lolklol‘c. (‘orncil lipn'cr-
sily. wlicl'c lh'. 'l‘llol.lp:.on 1‘. now
[cut-hing. conll'ibllicd illi‘ mm wul')‘
funds for lhc pnbliczllion.

’l‘llc lnuguvmc \‘lil bc lhc ccnlml
ugcncy by which ol‘ul silll‘ll's. songs.
bclicis. nnd cnsloms oi Nl-w York
Slulc con lli' pcrmnncnlly lnjoycd
by cvl-l'ybody. 1"olkllil'i‘ Inns ulwuys
bccn u \\‘iili(ll‘l'llli’lll lo muny pcoplc
bcczlnsc ihcy do nol l'cullnc lhc lm—
plicullons of ii. i"lill l‘culirulion llnli
ii is in cvcryduy iii‘c hos noi ycl
sil'nck. 'l‘llc wcnlih of folk mulcrlnl
In Ncw York Sillil- is only now bcing
pl'cscnicd In on inicrcsling. organi—
izcd manner.

In illc first issuc of lhc “i"llikloi‘c
Qiim'lcriy." lhc conicni bus bccn
ohicl'ly coniribnlcd by Slnlc (hillcgc
studonis. Ililuh li‘ooic Ncwlon. '15:).

now lcuching in (llcns Falls. wroic
u long nl‘liclc on ii‘ic i‘olklorc and
folk customs of Lilki' Champlain cn-
lllll‘ii. "l-lorscs :illll Slcnmboats on
1.:1kc Clunnplnin." “Sticks and
Sloncs.” u folk urliclc on children‘s
loosing rhymcs is :nlihorcd by
ICngcnial Mclhn'd. :l Hidic l.‘l'll(lll:lil‘.
'l‘hc llm‘d lllliill lcnlnrc \\‘:lsl,-oni1'ib—
ulcd by llcvcl'cnd (Qllvlllon chb.
who (li'lll'i'l'i’il llli‘ I'lucczllmn‘cnll-
:d‘l’illllli lol‘ lll'lliillllliiill lilfd .lunc.
l'flilebclh (‘ulliltg 111M) comi'lbulcd.

in down ‘l.ili'.‘l. "'i‘ll" llllliil'llll
:lll llt'ongvll lin "()lolrl’lrlj/” I'l'om
mm. on will bc dl‘owmg upon lin-

lllc» ol lili' Archivcs lo \\'|lli‘ll ull
:lll(il‘l;l.- who how lokcn lhc English
in wow l‘-)llll'll)llli’(l. li'or cxnmplc.
‘ln l'l' mzly lu' .lll ul'liclc on wczlliu'l'

lolizhmc. loi' which nnllcl'lol will bc
‘nkwn ll'om lln- l-ollcclions mudc by
.3.) ol' Jill llliiV-l'l‘nl silllicnls who l!ii\‘i‘
lnl-ll‘ll I‘Illlzllsll Ii!"

All lhc sllllll'lllk who slndicd ll‘olk-
llrl'i‘ llllill'l' i‘lllii‘l‘ lh'. .loncs or Dr.
'lllompson know lhc illicl'csi mid
l-nllmsiusm lhc coursc crculcs. Sill»
dcnls in English do how i‘cnlly ilillll'
o Hll|wl' job. 'I‘Ilc "Fol/{Ion (,llilil'li I'“
11/" could nol lillvc lli'i'll pnblishcll
ll 11 h:1d noi bccn for lhc Sluic
ulndcnlr. who Inlvc bccn collcl-ling
avidly lill‘ lhc posl lii'iccn yclu's.

In milling llli' lnugzlzinc. ill'. .loncs
is kccpnlg in mind lhc llsc llnn cnn
bc mndc of li‘olklol'c in high schools.
It is llopcd ilmi high school libl‘nl'ics
will snbscrlbl- lo lhc nnlgnzinc for
lhc usc ol il in English und Soclul
Hlndics courscs.

3&4!an gaplaind Way peopoyamla

    

PAGE 3'

In 390- WW ﬁctional

 

 

Out of all the war news, one fact
stands out—the Germans are car-
rying on. I say the Germans for it
is useless to argue that only a few
fanatical Junkers, Nazis, and gen-
erals want to go on. The millions
of soldiers and war-workers, Storm-
Troopers and Brownshirts, Gestapo
men and Party officials are not
meteorites. they are Germans. What
keeps them going? I do not be-
lieve that fear alone drives them
on. Negative factors alone are not
enough. There must be something
else: I think it is the effects of
Nazi propaganda.

Propaganda, defined by Dr.
Standing as biased information
scientfically disseminated, must be
attuned to those whom it is to af-
fect. Therefore, before examining
Nazi propaganda, we must delve
into German history. This is a brief
outline of those facts which must
be kept in mind.

During the nine years from 1862-
1871 Germany was cemented into
one nation. Before this period a
strong German national feeling al-
ready existed; during it. victory in
three wars, turned this feeling into
a great national pride; and the
amazing economic advances which
followed changed this pride into
something approaching a national
superiority complex. Near the end
of the 19th Century, Germany was
the acknowledged and feared leader
of the continent; and her national
pride. stimulated by success and by
writers like Treltschke, was enor-
mous. Soon the scales turned
against her. as, with what the Ger-
mans must have thought startling
rapidity, the Entente was formed.
In an all-out attempt to regain and
maintain her dominant position

State Students
Visit Legislature

A visit to the State Legislature
Monday evening, under the sponsor-
ship of the League of Women voters.
gave over 50 State students an op~
portunity to observe first-hand the
law-making body of New York. The
arrangements here at school were
made through Forum.

The League president. Miss Zor-
arda Weeks. will speak at the Forum
meeting. February 28. The visit to
the Capitol included a discussion on
education legislation with Assembly—
man Milmoe, Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Education. This
was followed by half-hour visits to
the Assembly Chamber and the
Senate Chamber, where there was
opportunity to observe the actual
process of low—making.

Miss Maris Trnposso and Anita
Leone, Seniors. both members of
Forum board. spoke of. a Rotary
Club luncheon at. Ravcnn. Monday.

 

Mickey Navy Announces--
The Bottom Huff’s Gone!

Cignrciics are gone! Rubbci'
lircs :n'c gonc! Nylons loo! ’l‘hc
siruw lhul brokc Mickcy Nnvy's
hock hos bccn snnppcd. life
was blissful for ihis Miss: shc
Imd :1 Inc :1 major chords. grand
slum.» mle liig ii i'chcul'suls llniil
lhn! i‘uicl'ul night! “(‘1' mos!
pl'cl'illlls cl'cdlion wus goncmll
bridgc(crow-d lllll'f luld :ibscond-
cd nilh lhc bolioin hull of u
lll'lflili posicl'.

lll'idgc is :.ci'iolls! Vicioi'y is
:.w-«-l blll llli‘l'i‘ is on cusicr why
lo win. 'lhough llic lhici"s hczld
bc swimming with grnnd slums.
and silu.:lclons. though hc bc
l'i‘i'kllli’, with lhc liiilc lrophics
o1 lhc bi'idgc bottle—«:1 Sil‘il)’ lock
of human hair. it bulicrcd fool,
and lloul'sc, l'usps from bidsw
lcl him rclurn io lllc sumc
world by rclnrning lhc bollom
hull.

liccovcl‘y is urgcnil
GAIN: Onc bridge iourmnncntl
LUSH: Onc Mickcy Nuvyl

 

 

H. F. iionikel & Son

I’Iun'nuicisis
LSTAULI‘SIIIIU I905 PHONE 4-2036
IE7 CENTRAL AVE.

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

ny ocnman'r wainnano‘

Germany and her ally dragged the
world into war. In this war, Ger
many was utterly defeated. The
stab-in-the-back idea came later-
at that time the Germans thought
only of their Seven Million casual-
ties. . . It Is difficult to imagine
what this defeat did" to Germany’s
pride: instead of prosperity, infla-
tion; instead of strength, disarma-
ment and foreign occupation.

Then come the Nazis. They of-
fer jobs in war factories and in the
army; the industrialists see the
unions destroyed; the merchants
see their property secure; the vet-
erans can take it out on the Jews;
the young are given uniforms; the
people as a whole see reparations
cancelled. the Treaty of Versailles
torn up. territory grabbed here and
there, and, above all, the Nazis
make sure they see it. Their self-
respect and pride return. Propa-
ganda turns this pride into a su-
periortiy complex.

I cannot go into all the devices
used; here are a few. First, that
super-race business. Consider your-
self a German. Remember. all you
hear or see, read or say is con-
trolled. Now you are told you are
a member of the super-race, some-
thing history has made you suspect
already. The first time you hear
it. you laugh at a bit of nonsense;
the second time you chuckle at a
poor attempt to flatter; the third
time you smile; the fourth time you
believe it. It isn’t as simple as that,
but that is the general ida. Every-
thing is repeated a thousand times,
and no-one contradicts. As for the
other devices—have you ever felt a
chill when watching a parade?
Have you ever screamed at Sinatra
when other girls were doing it and

you felt abnormal because he didn’t
affect'you in quite the same way?
Probably you have. All people are
that way. Repeat these tricks a
hundred times and they are no
longer tricks, they are normal situ-
ations evoking a normal response.
Naturally all this goes over best
with the young because their ten-
dencies have been modified the
least. Soon this propaganda creates
a special world. one in which the
emphasis is on war. Armies are
such pretty toys! Such a great
temptation i

This propaganda is often self-
contradictory, but that needn't
worry any one. Propaganda, though
put out in the form of a stream,
really consists of a series of pills,
each one of which is to be swal-
lowed and digested, and not taken
out of the stomach afterwards so
that its color may be compared
with the color on another pill. They
are all fed in. fib, lie, whopper—
the bigger the better. for we are
more apt to believe the extravagant
claim than the modest one (the first
We think must contain some truth,
the second is probably the result
of a misreading of the scales.) All
these pills become a part of the in-
dividual. Artificial reflexes become
normal attitudes.

In the 12 years of Nazi rule,
lots has sunk in and been dinned
in that. cannot quickly be bombed
out. Certainly fear has become more
important. but it is not fuel. And
please remember, this fear is an
emergeny factor, It Will Pass.
The other factors, namely the ef-
fects of propaganda, Will Remain
until really blotted out; and they
will, unless we act, precipitate an-
other war. They did last time.

The Poleiie And Easel

By SUNNA COOPER

For the past few weeks, there has
been something very fine and lovely
up in a certain room on the second
floor of Draper. Yes, we’re refer-
ring to the paintings of Theresa
McGinnis.

Six altogether, ranging in sub-
ject matter from landscapes and
still life to portraiture, this alone
indicates the versatility of the art-
ist. The effectiveness of her work
speaks for her unusual capability.

The first picture we’d like to
dwell on is called “Landscape,” and
it belongs to Dr. Hicks. The scene
consists of trees on a cliff near a
river with rolling hills in the back-
ground. Of the two landscapes, this
is the superior. It has more deli-

 

SCA To Hold

Lenten Services

Student Christian Association will
conduct. a second lenien service at
the Unitarian Chapel. Wednesday
ill 12 noon. The service is to be a
rcsponsivc worship service based on
lhc “Lord‘s Prayer." Mary D. Aldon.
'45, is loading the ceremony. Special
inusicnl responses will be provided
by Alice Williams, '48. Jusiinc
Muloncy. '48, will bc lhc organist.

lflli‘llllol‘ l-Iuycslip,  unnounccs
SCA‘s obscl'vnncc of World Chris-
iiun li‘ci'cdoiion Day of Pi'nycl' for
slucdnls will bc hcld all 3:00 PM.
li‘libruury ll! ill Kappa Dclln sororil}.’
liousc.

()ncc it your all slndcni christian
groups around ilic \vorld uniic in
cclcln'oiimi ihc World Sludcni ch-
i'l'lillllll Day of Pl'uycr for siudcnls.

William McConughy, pastor of
lhc Mndlson Avmnlc Prcsln'icrinn
Church will speak. billy Bomb. ’47.
will lcud lhc group discussion.

 

and LEAH TISCHLER

cate coloring, and the application of
paint reflects nothing of the ama-
teur. The picture gets its warmth
from the l.ght copper coloring of
the soil. The color is unusual ——
something like a bright new penny.

In “Still Life," her workmanship
comes to the fore. Throughout it
are these varied geometric forms.
The pears are done so well you want
to pick them out and eat them. It
seems as if the vase in the corner
might have had better perspective if
similar shading had been followed
through on the wall behind it. The
contrast of colors, however, is love-
ly and seems to outweigh every-
thing else.

Theresa McGinnis is at her best
in portraiture. In addition to dup-
licating the individual on canvas,
she uses color in an almost uncanny
way to enhance the person and re-
veal his personality. The first por-
trait we come to is that of Dr. C. C.
Smith. Her technique is excellent,
and the result is a simple, direct,
and well-done portrait. She catches
a characteristic facial expression of
our Ed 10 prof—-ruddy cheeks et a1.

Now for lhc last and best of the
paintings —— the porlruit of Dean
Nelson! From all angles, it is
lhc mos: finished and precise of
lhc six. There is u sensitivcness of
coloring with beautiful contrast of
block and whiic. This was done
whcll ’l‘hcicsu McGinnis was fif-
icon. and she worked from a pho-
logmph. The dark colors evoke
.2 dignifich and stern atmosphere.

This puiniing is so rcnlislic that
u is illl])i :<>ll)ii' io criticize one fen-
lurc us nol nicciing lhc excellent
p.u' ol lhc others. This 1)Ol'll'llll has
lhc pi'ccision of a photograph.

’l‘hcrcsn McGinnis has rcccived
11:) llil‘illlii education in pointing. It
is rcgi‘cllublc that her off. ilfld not
bccn brought bci‘orc State College
sooncl'!

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. puma

fiilLEWiRIl

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our llusincssmun's Lunch

DIAL 5—1913

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

