   

      
   
    
      
  
       
             
          
        
       
       
           
         
         
       
    
      
   
     
     
      
     
  
 
   
    
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
     
  
   
   
     
  
   
    
  
  
    
 
  
    
  
    
   
 
  
   
  
 
   
  
    
    
 

  maggc.

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
   
 
         
       
 
     
         
    
  
  

 

   
  
     

 

 

 

STATE cc LLEGE News
Established May 1916 '
By the Class of 1918

October 19. 1945 No. 5

‘ ‘ Member Distributor

Associated Collegian- l'I'ess Collegiate Digest
The IIIIIIIIrgI-aIlIuIte III-wspnpcr ol’ the New York State
College for 't'tIIII-hcrs: publlslII-Il every Friday of the (fol-
lege year In the NEWS llmIrIl for the Stu-lent AdSlH'ltl
Lion. l’hoIII-s: lierbrleh. :.'-tll‘..’tl; O'Neil. 3,0538; Fears. 2-2752.

Vol. I XXX

 

The News Board

ELIZABETH s. O‘NEIL - . .
JOAN .D. BEREIRICH . . .
IEAEEL FEAR . .
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO . . .
MARY SULLIVAN - «
KATHRYN HAGERTY . . . .
LOIS HOLSTEIN . . . . .
MARY TESSIER . . . . .

EDITOR-IN-OHIEF
- CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
AssocIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

All comIIIIIIIchIIions should be addressed to the editor lllltl
must he ~i:..-IIctt. .\‘:III1c.~ will lll’ wuhhclti IIpoII rt-Ijucsi
'l'lIo S'I‘J'l‘li ('HLLI-Itil') NEWS assumes no I'I-spoIIsIlIIlIII
for thIllll-In“ expressed in its l'llillllllIS or I-oIIIuIIInII-IIIqus
tl> such t'Xlll'l‘~-<l|lll.~‘ on In): lli‘t'l‘SS‘ll'lll‘ rl't'liu'! Il.~ yum:

There Comes A Time. . .

. in every young woman’s life when she steps
out of the cracking shoes of the adolescent into the
brand new garb of the adult. To most girls, this
transition takes place when she leaves home for
the first time to attend college. It is then assumed
that she recognizse her responsibility as an adult
and endeavors to fit into society gracefully, though
gradually, without the guidance of high school
faculty and parents.

 

It is unfortunate if the young lady is thrown
into another cloistered environment with someone
else to watch every movement with an eagle eye
and point the way. The girl is deprived of the
opportunity to find out for herself what is expected
of her socially, and every other way, if someone
assumes the role of guardian angel and dictates the
girl’s daily activities, step by step, from the time
she gets up in the morning until she retires. Most
intelligent adults are aware of the fact that it is
poor psychology to ridicule the natural desire for
a reasonable amount of independence.

There are some rules that even parents and hing
schools do not strictly enforce as such. They have
learned that example and suggestion are much more
effective. Few mothers would post the rules of
Emily Post on ettiquette over the dinner table. They
would give the girl credit for intelligence enough
to realize that social failure would ultimately de-
velop with complete ignorance of table ettiquette.
Even if such a list were posted, it would not be
as minutely interpreted as: “Salads may not be
eaten until the soup dishes have been taken away.”

There are many other privileges adults usually

enjoy. Ordinarily, they choose their own company
at dinner, rather than sit according to a seating
chart. At colleges, particularily, girls often sing
during meals. it is part of the college spirit we are
striving to maintain. if the girl is seated with
others with whom she, because of extreme differ-
ences in personality and interests, finds herself un-
easy, it is not conducive either to singing or diges-
tion.
. Furthermore, by the time a woman reaches the
age of eighteen, she usually has developed her own
tastes which she displays in little ways such as the
arrangement of her room. That is one way in
which homcsickness is often avoided. She creates
her own environment to suit her own personality.
if her taste is poor, she will find out soon enough
from thc other girls of her age whose opinion shc
respects and dcsircs favorable.

These are some of the things that oftcn rcsult in
u I‘t-tardcd dcvclopIIu-ut of girls to womcu. llut
tllcy could ucvcr occur hcrc. (‘ould they?

And The Last Shall Be First

\l'hcn gtlcst artists are brought to Slat!- and
spousorcd by thc Studcut .‘tssociutiou. why arc so
many of tbc bcsl scats I'cschI-d for outsidcrs? At
the Dickson [)t‘l‘llll'lllllllt‘t‘ last wcck. a grcat many
rcscrvcd seats ch'c l'llllii)‘ until tbc t‘tlllt‘t‘l'l bcgau
a. d thcu were available to the latc coIIIcI's while
those who came curly had first choirc of the poorest
seats. flow about a jirrt roam, first .o'rtwl plan
for scaling?

 
 

STATE COLLEGE NEws. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 19. 1:495 v ‘ _

 

can. Glade-«pd

By CULLINAN & 'umr

__..

 

There is no expedient to which. a
man will not go to avoid the real
labor of thinking.

Today is election day.The students
who are in assembly (for others
find voting t1 bit too strenuous) are
waiting to receive their ballots.

Joe sits passively in the corner.
Ife had to come today-cuts were
piling up against him. Class presi-
dent, representative to Student
Council? What does he care about
them? How could they possibly af—
fect him?

“Ah. here’s a name that sounds
familiar—that cute blond trick.——I
saw her at the Boul the other day.
Might just as well check her name.
With that, Joe lines up the rest of
the names alphabetically and settles
down to finish studying for a His-
tory 4 test.

Susie can’t wait to get her bal~
lot. The upper classmen put her
straight last night. What was that
they said to do? Put your last choice
second! She can’t understand why.
but they said it would eliminate any
powerful opponents.

Bob's also ready to check his vote.
“That guy A1 sure gave out with
some gags in his campaign speech.
Might as well have him keep us
laughing for the rest of the year.
So Bob checks Mr. Funny~Man and
cnsiders his democratic privilege ful-
filled.

Say. there's Ellen! Her pencil
seems to be hitting an all-time high.
That's because she and the kids have
had this planned for months.

They’re really on the ball. Hav-
en’t they been getting supporters
lined up for weeks?

There are only a few of the meth-
ods through which student leaders
are elected on our campus. There
are others—popularity. unconscious
selection. careless nominations. and

71m

Goo/awed @adcl

 

The recent American struggle
to retain the “secret” of the atom
bomb may mark the last spasm of
the theory that scientific super-
iority is eternal self-protection. The
process of swelling one’s own power
’till one is the “greatest” or the
“best” or the “fiercest” has been
active since the first caveman made
a bow and arrow. We suspect his
psychology set the pattern for the
owner of the first; gun. the first
flame-thrower, the first submarine
or the ifrst airplane. He must have
felt mighty invincible. when he con-
sidered that. Alex the trccmnn didn‘t
have a bow and arrow.

But he. of course. got disillusioned.
Alex sooner or later made a bow
and arrow. Eventually. the two had
an argument. and instinctively
reached for their weapons. If their
pals tried to help out, they prob-
ably conductcd the first war of man—
kind. At the end. htcy hadn't set.-
tlcd much but somebody invented a
new weapon. the vicious cycle got
under way.

History teaches little

’I‘his strictly unorthodox rcvicw is
not intended as whimsy. it. hit us
with new force this work how trc-
nIendously little we've learned h
the courso of :1 great. many centur-
ics. Apparently the lcurncd suvants
in Wusliinrdon. London. Moscow and
Podunk (,‘cntor h:ch conic to the
sumc conclusion. Al'tcr huffing and
puffing. like thc frog that wanted
to bc a bull. and scowllng eastward
tqu'd Moscow, and incidentally us-
:«lll‘lllt; cvcrybodv that “'1' could bc
trustcd with tho :It‘t'l't'l of tlIc atom
bomb suddcniy \vx- llollcc: 1) It
isn't u sccrct any morc. Lots of pctr-
liltl know about it. ‘Alld noticing
lIow csclusivc wc wcrc being, they
were working hurdcr and longer to
porfoct. their data.) 3) Homc pI-oplt-
didn’t bclicvt- us when Wt! said of - 7-
coursc v ~ Uncle  Sum could n
be  trusted not to use the atom
bomb indiscriIIIiIIatoly. (It'd. )Iotc:
why should IIIIn/s‘)

._i

SHIRLEY SIEGEL PASSOW

political machines. Occasionally, one
even sees evidence of democratic,
intelligent voting.

Seriously. fellow students. with
freshmen elections in the offing and
further offices to be filled during
the year, isn’t. it about time we. re-
alized that if we want good student
leaders. we must have good student
thought? The preferential ballot is
a progressive step toward more ef~
ficient voting. Honesty in its use
will bring out honesty in its results.
Think through your ballot. carefully,
know the people involved, and above
all make your own decisions accord-
ing to merit and capabilities.

Voting procedures here as State
offer unusual opportunities for stu-
dents to gain experience in democra-
tic principles. As future teachers
they will use these principles time
and time again in their high schools
throughout the State. If students
here have no desire to participate
in college elections and profit from
our parliamentary ideas. how can
they be expected to infuse thn pro-
per spirit of Americanism into the
junior citizens of today?

What will happen to our democra-
tic system in this nation if teachers.
supposedly leaders toward intelli—
gent thought. carry this placid at-
titude into their different communi-
ties? Will a mere college diploma
awaken this desire in all graduates?
It seems to us that. unless every
person takes advantage of voting
privileges here at State, fulfills his
duties and upholds his rights. our
future citizens will be a detriment
to our country.

So come on Frosh. You are next
on the voting schedule. Think of
yourselves. elect truly capable lead-
ers. and show us one of the most
outstanding elections in the history
of State College!

 

Truman issues plan

Now there are hints that maybe
we should turn over our information
to some central international body.
President Truman issued a four-
pint understatement, recognizing
that research would soon bring oth-
er countries up to date on atomic
production; that Congress should
devise and administer a national
policy on atomic energy; that pri-
vate enterprise under givernment
control should produce atomic wares;
and finally. that diplomatic nego-
tiations should begin immediately
'for international control of the
atomic bomb.

Foresight Impossible

It is sometimes impossible to see
the events that chain a tiny injus-
tice to a mighty horror. When Jn-
pan attacked Manchuria in 1931. the
world did nothing: it was none of
our business. We reacted in the some
IIImn'Icr and for the same reason
when Italy invaded Ethiopia: when
the Nazis butchcrcd chs. liberals.
Catholics. dissenters; when fascists
and republicans fought it out. in
Spain; whcnwthc list growls inter—
minublc. IInconsciomibly long.
There camc ll (lay when it was our
business. And eventually there came
it day when (according to u Gallup
poll) 85'; of thc Americans polled
felt it was right and just and shrewd
for us to wipc out cltit-s of civilians
with Hill“ atomic bomb. "Think of all
all tlIc AIIIcI'it-uu lin‘h' saved.
\\’c'rt- also thinking of millions
of llvcs n. dungci' it) or 15 ycars from
now. in Albany or Duluth. Wu want
to rlt‘t' llltlnt‘ ll\'c:; saved. bccausc our
kids will be among tin-III. WI» lit-licvc
the only way lhcy will bc save-d will
lu'- by cooperation with all llu) major
t'nIllIlt'lcs and tlcccnl tI'cutIIIcIIl of
the llllll' fcllows. We make this our
latcst appI-al for lllll'(l—l1t‘tltlt'(l com—
mon sense in world relations: let's
make our major business the job of
getting along with the world.

 

.‘qu‘a

___..__._. By MINDY wartsnaw —'———‘-_n-..__.q.

CONCERNING NAVY DAY

On Wednesday of this week, the aircraft carrier
Enterprise led a ten~ship flotilla into New York Bar.
bor. By the time Navy Day is here, New York win
he a literal Rhapsody in Navy Blue. nmch to the dc-
light cf the native New Yorkers (not to mention the
sailors themselves . . .) But don’t worry and brood
about bemg stuck here In this little town while the
Navy goes to New York. for lo and behold, we hear
that Albany too will get her share. In case you
didn’t know. the U.S.S. Alccto clocked at the port of
Albany last Tuesday. Its crew of 60 men is only a.
preview of things to come, for we are informed that,
by the time Navy Day rolls around. the rest of a
flotilla comprised of eight. ships will have. sailed into
our little port at various intervals. From aboard these
eight ships will emerge 500 gorgeous creatures in Navy
blue. intermingled with 50 officers also swathed in
materials of the same hue. Hurrah for the end of
the war! Hurrah for Admiral Halsey! Hurrah for
Navy Day! INow put away that lipstick. roommate.
and don’t be so BOY CRAZY . . .)

SI’EAKNG OF THE NAVY

Didja hear the one about the wise sailor who walk—
ed into a roomful of his tired mates who were just
getting ready to hit the sack toh. ain't I salty in my
expressions?) Well. anyhow. all the sailors had been
taking orders from their superior officers all day and
half of them were so dizzy they couldn’t see straight.
So in walks this wise guy. a practical joker. see? “All
men who have not done so.” he announces at the top
of his voice. “will do so immediately!” In a body.
the roomful of tired sailors dashes out and heads for
the C.O.'s office. . . . (reminds me of the time I used
to work in a hotel and my witty busboy stuck his
head in through the kitchen door the had a very
long neck) and yelled. “An order of!" . . . heh. heh.
heh . . . the world is just full of humorists . . .).

GI INFO

S 1/c Arnold Brown, ’47. reported to have landed
in Japan on. or about, October 10. . . . Joe FraIIcello,
‘47. now a Yeoman 3/0 at Pensacola . . . Joe Levin,
’42, and wife P.K. (L.) now in the Lone Star State
from whence they come. . . . Jack ’l‘abner. formerly
'47, repeating his Orientation lessons with the rest. or
the new freshmen tit's worse than the Navy's regu-
lations). John Coulter. ’47. now making the
rounds at Shoemaker, California. after delighting for-
11101'.ClﬂSSilialeS here with witty tales about “ping
movies" shown students in Navy classes. . . . Ens.
Tony Smith. ’46. in St. Simon’s Island. Georgia. . . .
S l/c George Poulos, '47. last heard from in Guam on
way to China. . . . 'l‘oni O’Brien (no. she‘s not a GI.
but her boyfriend was) here on a visit. all aglow and
soon to be married. . . . T/Sgt. Baird Poskanzcr. '42.
spoke at open Hillel meeting Wednesday. . . .

NEED A STIMULANT?

According to recent advertisements put out by White
Rose, Liptons. Pekoe and Pekoe tand otheI'SI. TEA
w11! make a man out of you! It will pop you up. calm
you down. and thaw you out. So if your marks are
ow, and your boyfriend has left you and your room-
mate says you have BO. don't go out to Okkie's for
a glass of emotional outlet—drink a cup of tea. Ip. s.
Dorothy Lamour says it’s brisk. . . .).

REGARDEZ LES BUBBLES

What is this new bubble blowing craze? Why do
supposedly mature State students corner innocent
klddles in the street and demand to participate in
their extra-curricular activity of bubble blowing? ’I‘llc
streets are full of "Floating Rainbow Bubblcs"-~ pink.
blue. green. and lavandar bubbles float heavcnward
In a nymph—like fashion teould be it’s Sallv Rand
MemorIal Week perhaps?) L
DEFINITION

A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to
the devil so pleasantly that you‘re anxious to III-l

started tplagiurizcd from the Waterloo, Ncbrusku.
Douglas County Gazette").

’l‘llEY 'I‘OOK ALL THEIR MONEY
AND ’l‘lll‘lY LEFT 'ICM FLAT

VDId you know that. women tli't‘ getting sll‘olllwl'
:UIIHy’IdInH l l't'tltl whci‘c two l)ctl't)it boys lllltflt' .I
~Itlamt to the pohcc on account of somc \‘Iolt-II!
womcu thcy Iuct up with. Sccms the two lt'llo\\‘;. IIn-I
l)llt'll'f|\\'t) girls III :I Iuvcru. took tllt'lll for a ride. and
thati‘i‘tdl lllt‘.)t"ttl'. The girls I‘cfuscd to walk “Univ 4)
Klilac tiny slutuwd lllt' two guys. stoic $37.) from
Hile‘l.‘”:liltiNlltl tltlltl lllh'tlll'ttl ‘IIIqu'y. (trove of! \llllv
ll) “‘ll.‘ .lll.‘j)t"t.lot‘ don! lillit' this us an I"'i.llll}lll‘
I" I ow lzllow hum- wonn-u. but jttot. betwwn y-ul
 In! {tifllllt‘lltl think i! k.IId:I pi'tiy'cs soIIII-tlnuw’
l: W lulu ('lll'llllht'lt‘ti acting (llllt'l‘t'lll l;ttcl\'.’l

ANNEX 'it) leli'i‘ Wi'Il‘Ili'H l'()|‘ll\l

WAlxlI: lll’, 'l‘lllli illtJVt)lIU'l‘l()N ltl UVl'llI’
Ul'
Wilt) WAN'i‘ri 'l‘U PLAY 't‘lllll l‘lANt) IN
(.‘(iNH't‘l‘l‘tl’t‘lUN itALl. ANYWAI";l
lIu‘AI-l scott
has got
u lot

Hill! the (lupom ., . .
’ r». I'Is ot the - .- ..  A
hm.“ not «illitiltpn Hymulnm

 

 

 

Charm Consultant
Will Address

Students in Page
Osborne Will Discuss

Personal Development

Elizabeth MacDonald Osborne.
consultant in personal development
with the Dorothy Gray laboratories.
will appear in Page Ilall at 3 :30 p.111.
on Oct. 22 and 23. She will lecture on
“The Impression We Make“ and
“How to Achieve the Right Look.“

Although Miss Osborne has spent
fifteen years traveling throughout
the country cmmselling college girls.
business groups and clth women on
personal development. she has no
set. formula for charm. She believes
that. “charm comes from the inside."
and that a woman who wishes to
achieve it must be completely na—
tural. pleasing to others. out “just a
bit different in her thinking and
manner."

Miss Osborne‘s opening lecture. to
be included as part of the freshman
Orientation Program. will include
suggestions on posture, poise. expres-
sion. voice and clothes. On Monday
evening she will address Intersqu
ority Council in the Loungc.

On Tuesdav. her lecture will cover
advice on proper make—up and
grooming. Any time remaining after
her lectures will be divided into onc-
hour conferences. Each member of
the group will be checked on at least
two traits and will hear construc—
tive criticism of the others.

In order to give more specific help
in the use of cosmetics and care of
the skin. the Press Bureau room is
to be used as a clinic where students
may experiment for themselves un-
der Miss Osborne’s supervision.

During her visit to State Miss Os-
borne will be a guest at Pierce Hall.

Commuters' Club
Schedules Contest

Shirley Rice, '46. President of
Commuter‘s Club. has announced
that a sketching contest will be held
for all freshman commuters and
that the design for the Commuter’s
Club pins has been decided upon.
A December party has also been
planned.

The contest will be held to deter-
mine who can draw the best sketch
of Transfer Tommy. the club's Inas-
cot. A picture of Tommy appears
on the bulletin board in the lower
hall of Draper. Contestants are
asked to present their sketches at
the next meeting on Thursday. Oc-
tober 25. The drawings will be
judged by the executive committee,
which consists of Miss Rice; Norma
Punchak. ‘46. Vice-President; Caro—
line Vanderbilt. ‘48, Secretary; Olive
MacDowell. ’47. Treasurer; Marian-
na Noise, '47. Parliamentarian; Pat-
ricia Clyne. ‘46. head of the Ways
and Means Committee; Audrey
Bopp and Janet Wallis. Juniors.
Final results will be announced
November 1.

Miss Rice also announced that
the design of the Commuter's Club
pin will be that of Mercury‘s wings.
The pins are gold filled and anyone
wishing them must sign up at the
next meeting.

A co--cd party has been planned
to take place some time in Decem-
bcr and lncn will be invited from
ucarby collcgcs‘. ’I‘hc committees
for the party will be appointed at
lllt‘ Icht. mccttug.

Young Releases Names
Of New Appointments

Agnes Young. "lti. Editor-in-Chlcf
of the Directory. has announced
the In-w IIIcIIIbt-I's of tho Directory
:yltlil. 'l‘lncc studculs from lllt‘
lll‘Uilllltlll clans lunc bI-cII appoint-
t‘ll ’l‘ltl‘j ul't' la‘olln l‘illllllt‘i‘lillg.
.lt'dlll‘llt‘ Hkozum. and ‘.\1:IIlI-luic
:‘wnlt. Nt-w lllt mbcI': from lllt‘ .lull—
I 'I win .loun Iloll.II'Il tlllll l‘lllllll
pawncy.

’I‘II . \t'tll' lllt' usual cqut-sl tor
tll.t.\i‘t!’,.u tll It cmcr tlt'.‘~l1’.ll w!!! not
ll“ In!!! lll:~lI'tltl, ntudcnls III the
.111 cannula wIll work on the t‘tl\'t:l'
.I- a I'l.l~m lil‘ujt't'l. it will be dc-
f:!"ll'tl lllltlI‘l' tllc Il.I'cc!lon ot Miss
ttlz’lt llltlt'lllilr-Dll. hcud of 11.. Art.
litprII'tIIIcIIf.

'l‘llc stuff of tho llil'cctoI'y cxpcots
thc 'Alf-Klti issue to bc published be-
fore 'l‘lntnkgiviug vacation.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1,493

   

 

LECTURER

   
   

 

LIZ/“SETH i‘llt. 05561)“th

Newman 'l'o I—Iota
Picnic October 25

Sgt. Poskanzer Reviews

Experiences For Hillel

13. J. McGrath, '40, President
of Newman Club. has announced
that the picnic originally scheduled
for Goober 18 will be held instead
on October 25.

The Newman Club picnic will be
held in the back yard of Newman
Hall from 5:30 to 8 P. M. Sally
Dunn. '4'7. Vice—President. is gen-
eral chairman of the affair and
Mary Straub. ‘46, is in charge of
the publicity. Chairman of enter-
tainmcnt is Nancy Walsh, ’48. and
the Newman Club officers and
freshmen are on the clean up com-
mittee. Florence Wilson, '47. is in
charge of refreshments.

There will be games. volleyball.
singing and dancing in Newman
Hall following the picnic. Miss Me—
Grnth has stated that the affair is
not limited to Newman Club Incin-
bers and that. all students are wel-
come.

The price of admission is $35 and
tickets will be on sale the first part
of next week in the lower hall of
Draper.

Student participation in a round
table discussion on the “Atomic
Bomb' will take place at the next
meeting of Newman Club. Novem-
ber 1st. at. 7:30 P. M. Refreshments
and dilicing will follow.

I’oskazizer Addresses Hillel

T/Sgt. Baird Poskanzer. ’42. was
guest. speaker at. an open meeting
of Hillel Wednesday afternoon.

According to Sgt. Poskanzer. “the
fight in struggling Palestine is not
between the Arab and the Jew but
rather between the two reactionary
forces. Arab-British Government.
Both wish to keep a feudalistio
form of living and to stop Jewish
immigration into Palestine entirely.
concluded T/Sgt. Poskanzer.

FOImal Weekend Changed

Sorority Formal Weekend will
be held one week earlier than
originally planned. The Buffet
Supper will take place Novem-
ber 30 and the Formal Dinner.
December 1.

 

n1

Sayles To Speak Seniors Herald Opening Oi Bleep..."  _   V

On  Work,-
Seminar To Start

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College. will discuss Intcrgroup
Relations at the Presidents' Meeting
at Geneseo State Teachers' College
on Wednesday. October 24. Shirley
Pussow. ’46. Chairman of Intergroup
Council. has announced that the
five—day program for the Student
Conference. on Intergroup Relations
has been completed and that final
plans have been formulated for the
extra-curricular seminar on “The
Teacher and Intergroup Relations,"
to be initiated here at: the college.
President. to speak

Dr. Sayles will speak of the prog~
ress made by Intm‘group Council at
State and will lead a general dis—
ellssion group on inter-cultural rc-
lations.

First Student Conference

The Student. Conference of Inter—
group Council will be held on No-
vember 2 and 3. The day session
on Friday will run from 9:30 A.M.
to 4:30 PM. and the evening ses-
sion from 7:30 to 10:30 P.M. On
Saturday the conference will open
at 9 A.M. and extend through to 3
PM. At 8:15 PM. Dr. George
Stoddard. Commissioner of Educa-
tion. will introduce the speaker of
the evening. Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt.

Some of the important speakers
will include Mr. Herbert L. Seamans.
Director. Educational Organization.
National Conference of Christians
and Jews. Dr. John W. Davis. Presi-
dent. of West Virginia State College
and Dr. Charles Hendry and staff.
Committee on Community Interre—
lation.

Members of the entire student
body are invited to attend the ses-
sions.

Extra-Curricular Seminar

An extra—curricular seminar on
“The Teacher and Intergroup Re-
lations” sponsored by the Intergroup
Council, will hold its organization
meeting Tuesday, October 22. it was
announced today by Gerhard Wein-
berg. V17. acting chairman. The
seminar will be an informal course
to enable students to discuss. inves-
tigate and deal with intergroup prob-
lems in our society.

It will meet one night a week.
or every two weeks. according to the
preference of the seminar members.
Students will plan and conduct the
program with the help of Dr. T. G.
Standing. Professor of Sociology.
and a student committee.

Student Committee

The present members of the stu—
dent committee are Elizabeth Ham-
ilton. Muriel Navy. and Evelyn Wolff.
Seniors; Eleanor Durbeck. Gerhard
Weinberg. and Calvin Zippin. Jun-
'ors: and Barbara Hyman. Alice
Prindle. and Alice Williams. Sopho-
mores.

The program will consist of talks
by outside speakers. discussion by
the group and reports by individ-
uals and committees. A considerable
amount of bibliographical material
has been prepared by the studcnt
committee. as well as an intergroup
relations questiomIiI-e.

As First Presentation For Big“ 8 Pregrgm; ,  j

The Stork Club. the Rainbow
Room, the Copacabana—- to this
illustrious group the Blue Devil
Club will be added. Sponsored by
the Class of ’46. it will have its grand
opening Friday. October 26. in Page
Hall gym.

The first Big 8 will be held amidst
a Halloween setting of corn, au—
tumn leaves, pumpkins and long
tailed devils with their horns veiled,
for the occasion. State’s elite will
wend their way through the stately
portals of Page Hall to the gala
opening of the Blue Devil 01th um-
cscc-rted ladies allowed). A note to
eager males—Shirley Ford as the
lovely hat cheek girl will receive
hats. tips and whistles.

There will be dancing to the mu—
sic of one of the country’s most
famous orchestras. the Vic. Those
who would make with the finesse
may rip through to grand slams at
attractive tables for four.

At nine the scene will shift from
the rustic to the sultry for the first
floor show, styled in the true South
American manner. All performers
will come directly from engage-
ments in the night clubs of Buenos
Aires, Rio de Janeiro and other
leading cities of our twenty-seven
sister republics. The Sinatra of the
South, “Diego” Miner will give out
with “Tlcotico.” The guests will
swoon with crooner Genevieve
Stiles and “Green Eyes” and gather
stars while Agnes Young sings “You
Belong to My Heart.” Comes
rhumba time and “Elisa” Hamilton
and “Felipo” (stolen goods) Lash-
insky will beat out a hot rhythm.
The Spanish chorus will round out
the program with “Down Argentine
Way” and ‘-‘Cauga.” ,

Between the floor shows, all ex-
troverts may gambol through games
designed for audience participation,
led by Mary Bess Vernoy.

 

Business Booms For Sophs
As Frosh Sign For Dales

Boom town!

Freshmen were clamoring
around the table. Nickels gleam-
ed and business-like Sophs raked
it in briskly. Shylock could have
done no better.

Eager freshmen could be heard
with. "Is it the truth? A real
live. honest-to-goodness one?
Lead me to it!" All doubting
Thomases were reassured and
so the debate began.

“I'll take Lashinsky!" Uh. uh—
Sullivan‘s the guy for me!” Be-
hensky was a big factor in ’this
discussion. too. And so it went . .

The afternoon wore on 'till
even-tide when Sophs decided
to close their “date bureau.” Yep.
blind dates were for sale for the
“Holiday Hop." Once again Ac-
tivities Day had come and gone
and once again a little bit of ole
State tradition had been ful-
filled.

As dusk fell on the Common’s
Smirking Daffies dwelt in a
dark corner. countli g their
hordes—of nickcls.

 

Donald Dickson lmpresses Stole With Friendliness, Modesty

Midst. swinging lights and yelling
stagclmnds, Donald Dickson made
his debut at. State Collcgc. It was
Friday uftcrno: II; the stage had to
be sct. and lights had to be adjust-
cd. So. dodging the energetic
stngclInIIds. Mr. Dickson congenial—
ly t‘llfllll't‘il the blinking lights and
cvcn signed autographs for thc Mil—
IIin-s wlIllI- ln- I'clIcarscd, Is it any
wonder that when asked what im—
‘u‘wscd ldm Dru-ll ill Statc (Bollcgc.
Mr. tin-l: Illl laugshiugly rcplicd.
"l'llc .I 'nllulltis!"

.\le. tt;II'I . I)! [modify we might
lIIIc ion! at :llllll“l.lt'll.llfl the great
Mr Dn'l. on wu‘c noon tllmpt'llt‘tl by
. '.\.IIIII IIIIlc .nnl tIIcInlly atti—
ltltlt- llt- pzltwtt tlu‘ lltltll' lli'l'\tltl.\ly
\t ll,‘-lll;’ l‘\l'l‘ not. and [itch to
ILIIIIIIIuitu' now drops for his cold.
but \\'ll‘w llt‘l‘lt't'llV \\'lllllt;', to till.‘~\\'t'l'
III\‘ and :Ill tpnm'lodn put to him.
.-\I nounl ln- b.Ill;I~d \Vllx'll ankcd
what has lilt‘ mow Intcrcsitlnzz placi-
‘It'tl lilt'll. lll' :il‘tlullt'il "l ;.‘.llt'.\b Its
uIIItlu-I'II (lulltoltllu.” hc finally rc-
plicd. "llul it isn’t fair. 'l‘lIc pcople
in other pluccr. will lltllt‘ Inc."

thn uskctl how he got started,
Mr. Dickson slII'IIgut‘d his shoulders

By ANN MAY

and replied matter of factly. “Luck.”
Mr. Dickson's formula for success
is the ability to work equal to tal—
cnt. mixed up with lots of luck. Ex-
plaining his great, surge upward.
Mr. Dickson said. “If Rodzlnski
hadn‘t. been there the night I open-
cd. l'd probably still be in Cleve—
land." But maybe another factor
that has aIdcd him in his climb to
stardom is his genuine love for
singing, No pal‘fictllul' type of song
uppculs to him most. lie just likes
Io mug.

When it came to discussing his
ynwys t-oIIch'IIng lilt‘ translation of
opt'l'u Into ltlnglish. Mr. Dickson was
.dIIIosI c‘xllldan'. He claims opcI'a
would bc cvcn more bcuutiful in
ill“.ll‘ll lll.ll! in :l forcign language.
"ll'n I'l ticulous.” lIc IIIIIiIItuiIch. "to
.I'Ich n llllll’lt‘t‘lllll century 1)cl‘lt)l‘—
llllllit‘t‘ tor a th'llllf'lll ccnturv audi—
I-Iu'c ill a ton-tun tongue." Mr.
lncknon IIl~II :dzttt‘tl that England
tlllti Alhcl‘it'u arc the only two
countrics in lllt‘ world which cast
opcru in the original language. Ac—
cording to Mr. Dickson. all comic
opcrn should be sung in English.

One of the things that impressed

us most about Mr. Dickson was his
hesitancy to speak about himself.
He glibly accounted for his success
with the single word “luck.” He
frankly admitted that his first at-
tcmpts at Hollywood ended up in
the cutting room and was willing
to distuss his present tour. but he
:ccmcd to consider hiIIIsclf rather
lllllllllifll‘ltllll. l-Ic acclaimed loud
lllltl long the praises of his accom-
panist. liawrcncc Stevens, who has
l.)t‘t‘ll \\illl him for W) years. He
I'cIIIIII'kcd what a wonderful person
Martini is but he faich to mcution
Donald l)lt‘l{\(lll. Modesty is one of
this Atar‘. clmmctcristics.

Mr. Dickson dropped a suuc l'c-
mark during llu- convcrmttion to thc.
t-tl'cct that. "Any place I have fun
in inth'cstiIIe; to Inc. From our
bin-1' contact will: the singer ‘.\’c'l'c
Bvlll't‘ Mr. Dn-kson would bring fun
to any plucc. lie. is It ll.llltl::llilltl
young >»l;ll‘ with an uncanny ability
to put lilo companions at ease.

Maybe State impressed you with
hcr slugclmnds. Mr. Dickson. but
you lIIIprcsscd State with your
friendliness, sincerity and truly
AIIIcricun scnsc of humor.

 

 

Following the good. neighbor- 1301-:

icy, the ‘scene for the,_.second Show,
at eleven will be North ‘America’: ‘In.
a return to the primitive, the "In-"
dlan Love Call" will be sounded,_
and for the modern touch, Joan:
Mather will sing "Lullaby of- Broad-i
way.” The Big 8 (were you in as-
sembly last week?) will be sung by
the chorus to complete the enter-
tainment. There will be a novelty
introduction to each of the num-
bers which must remain a secret
untd the big night.

Iefreshments‘a 1a coke will be
serve: at the newly-installed nickel
and chromium bar.

Heading the committees in charge
are Genevieve Sabatini, decorations;
Georgette Dunn. tickets; Barbara.
Cannieo, music; Virginia Effley. re‘
freshments; Betty Rose Diamond.
publicity; and G-eorgene Lovecky.
ehaperones.

Club Activities
lo Include Tea,
Future Meetings

Activities have been scheduled for
the immediate future by Classical.
Math and Spanish Clubs. Included
in these plans are a tea and several
opening meetings. .

Barbara Chaffee, '46. President of
Classical Club, has announced that
the club will hold a tea with re-
freshments in the Lounge at 3:30
on Thursday. There will be a guest;
speaker at this event. All upper-
classmen and freshmen are invited
to attend, non-members included.

The first meeting of Math Club
is scheduled for Thursday at 7:30
P. M. in Room 101, Draper, Pauline
Myers. ’46. President. has announc-
ed. The speaker will be Dr. Caro-
line Lester, who has just returned

-to State College after serving as 8.

Lieutenant in the SPARS. All State
College faculty and students are in-
vited to attend the meeting.

Math Club has a full schedule
planned for this semester. ’Activ-
ities include a Christmas Party and
addresses by four Seniors.

Pan Amigos. the Spanish Club,
will open the year with a meeting
on Thursday at 7:30 in the Lounge,
Roberta Van Auken. ’46, President.
has announced. Francisco J. Car-
dona, new instructor in Spanish in
the college. will address the group
on Latin-America and Puerto Rico.

StatesMen Disclose
Election Results, Party

Philip Lashinsky. ‘47, President of
the States Men. has announced the
results of the elections held this
week. Plans for a date party on
November 1'7 and a. formal dance
on December 15 are also being form-
uinted.

The new officers of the organiza-
tion are as follows: Sergeants-at-
AI'ms. John Tabner and Joseph Zan—
chilli. freshmen; Secretary. Robert.
Baker. '49; and Song Leader. Wil—
liam Mallory. ’47.

A date party for the States-Men
will be held on November 1'7 in the
Lounge from 8 to 12 PM. The fol—
lowing committees have been ap—
pointed: Refreshments. Chairman.
Richnrd Smith. ’47, and Paul Pen-
I'osc. '47. Robert. Nichols and Alex-v
andcr Monroe. frcslunen; Decor'w
tions. Chairman. Robert. Kyscr. 119,
and Harry Mills. Alvin Ft‘ldlllﬂll.
and Robert Kittridgc. freshmen.

A formal dance will be held on
December 15. Plans to engage the
Aurauin Club for the occasion are
thItutle- III present. The commit-
Iccs for llll‘ t'Vt‘lll arc as follows:
'l‘lckct-x, .lom‘pli l"let-vsky. ’47: Or-
chestra. t‘lIairn-un. Philip Lushili-
sky. ‘~l'f. and William I'llnsburu and
Marvin \\’:I\Iu'. lI't-shmcu 'I‘hc latter
colnlnlllcc will start making plans
to bring; a name band to State for
II toI-IIIIIl dance in Aluy.

Announce Violation Rules

Mynkullitl has announced that all
Ilolilit'dtiolh for violation of State
Colicgc traditions must be signed.
Ulllcss such reports are accompanied
by a signature. Myskania Iamiot
act upon them.

 

     

: “we?

 

 

.. w an f‘uf

 

