 

PAGE 2

IM‘
or

—— By Mindy Warshaw ——
HERE, THERE AND EVERYWHERE

Latest recruit for post-war resumption of training
at N.Y.S.T.C. is Pic. Marty Bortnick, '46, who writes
from Italy, his haven for the past two years, to say
he’ll be back with us again as soon as the war is
over . . . More news of our boys travelling around the
globe . . . Pfc. Jim Dunnng, ’45, showing ’em the State
spirit in Belgium . . . Ens. Art Olivert, ’45, sailing
around the South Pacifc . . . F. 1/c Art Russell, ’46
accelerated, last heard of at Mare Island, Califor-
nia . . . wotsa matter, the Brooklyn Navy Yard ain’t
good enuff? . . . S. 11c Bob Dickinson, ’47, at Wright
Jr. College in Chicago . . .

ONE HAS A LEAVE—THE OTHER IS LEAVING

Air Cadet Warren Kullman, ’45, soon to leave Pensa-
cola, Florida and bring his commission, his uniform,
and his self home to this little city on a well-earned
leave . . . Bob Sorensen, ’48, casting anchor in the
USN March 1 . . . hope he got good practice Luxing
his own undies here at State; it’s winda hard to get
used to at first . . .

AFTER FLORIDA: WHIZ, BANG

That Bob Horseman, he travels too fast . . . before
the NEWS goes to press last week, he's off the beach
in Miami and his shoes are under a GI bed in
Memphis, Tennessee . . (hope this gets printed
before he hits Alberquerque) . . . And Hal Ashworth
doesn't do bad, either . . . with a hop, skip and a
jump from last week’s issue, he’s cablng back to a
Certain Someone from England this week . . . a fast
worker keeps his occupation, war or peace . . .
CUPID MAKES WITH THE ARROW AGAIN

Ens. Sol Greenberg, ’43, home over the week end to
get himself a Mrs. . . . the little lady wot uses Ponds
is an Albanian, too . . .

CODE VISITS YE ALMA MATER

Adm. Nimitz sure picked a good week end to give
Mrs. Code’s little boy Ed that leave . . . our Seaman
came to the State Fair Saturday night for a “gay
old time” and from the looks of things. he wasn’t
disappointed, either . . . what sailor would be with
the prize-winning Sayles Hall Canteen there to en-
tertain him (plug, plug) . . . the sailor suits in afore-
mentioned servicemen‘s canteen were authentic, too,
thanks to Frank Woodworth (that old salt) . . . nite
before the Fair, Code graced the Soph Banquet tables
at the Ten Eyck . . . speaking of the Ten Eyck,
famished Sophs being driven to that classy joint by
one gent, occupation taxi driver, received vivid pic-
tures of what was to ensue in the driver’s ejaculation:
“Oh, the Ten Eyck—that’s the place where they
serve coffee in them little dinky cups" . . . oh, a
demi tasse, a demi tasse . . .

MISSING IN ACTION

The War Department has recently classed Irving
Finger, ’46, Missing in Action . . .

GOLD STAR

Two gold stars will be added to the service flag for
Lt. Will Valley. ’40, and Lt. Frederick Wohlstcin, both
of whom having been listed Killed in Action . . .
FOREIGN CORRESPONDEN’I‘

Lt. Bill Marsland, ’44, in a letter from England, has
given us, without intention of bursting into print. the
why’s and whereabouts of a good number of our
servicemen overseas. Says Bill: “Saw ilarry Born
again last week—he really travels on that Ferrying
Division job. Rich Young, somewhere in England—
hope we can get together sometime. Also heard from
Bill Dickson recently. He'll soon be on his way back
to the States. He has his orders now and is only
waiting for the guy taking his place to show up.
Harry Baden tips an occasional cognac in Belgium.
Cut I’i'aff writes from one of the South Pacific Islands.
Al Terho is now in Hawaii. Fred Beyer and Herman
Blumell are stationed near each other in Italy. Bob
Combs is in there somewhere, too” . . . thanks for
the info. Bill . . .

STRAIGHT FROM THE FRONT

Pfc. Louis Robineau, ’45, in Germany with the First
Army, knows a couple of good ones . . . quote Robi-
ncau's description of a harrowing experience in a cer-
tain town. name of which is a military secret ljust
me and General MacArthurH “I was in the town the
other day and had my closest call so far: a shell
landed in the doorway of a house where I had been
standing two minutes before gaping at some prisoners.
I was walking down the stairs when I heard, felt and
saw: BOOMI Wasn't at all hurt, ’though. But then,
a guy can't go through a war without a couple such
experiences, can he?” . . . maybe not, but don‘t go
looking for them mute; that one was close enough . . .
another interesting cxerpt from Pfc. Roblncau's mis-
sile is one in which he dsecribcs an incident where
he and his buddy told off some German citizens with
pro’s and con’s that would have plucked at even Rozic's
heartstrings . . . quote Robhu-uu: "In regards to the
civilians‘ attitude . . . a kraul. is still it kraut. They
told many stories-~0f the Gestapo, the Iron Hand
Rule, the ruthless murder of Jews, and the other
atrocious examples of Nazi tyranny. One night. when
on a call, we got to talking about the war and those
responsible for it. I got all hopped up Italklng in
German, too.) I told them the masses were guilty
for not counteracting Nazism in its infxmcy~vvfor not
finding out what Nazism wus»-—-for endorsing, by in-
difference, any program which promises success by
taking other lands or exploiting minoritcs. I told them
that the privileges of democracy are not i'lne play
things realized by calmly contemplating and building.
Rather, freedom is realized by periods of blood, sweat
and tears-«witness U.S., Russia’s break from czarlst
oppression. My buddy and I went away with the
feeling that we had somewhat convincod them.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

Series I ....

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1945

The Medicine Man

-— By KIPPY

Group life plays an important
part in college activity as well as
life. The existence of groups and
their relation to the student body
as a whole is a major influence and
one which excites a great deal of
discussion and no little controversy.

In any society, school or other-
wise, a group which contributes to
the whole must take cognizance of
at least three factors. First, in or-
der to be a good group it must have
positive selective factors. A group
such a Signum Laudis is neces-
sarily highly selective. Yet the se-
lective factors — scholarship and
Character—are positive factors con-
tributing to the social effectiveness
of the school. A group, however,
which selects on the basis of such
things as other group affiliations,
sorority background, or “social cir-
cle" are using negative selective
factors and defeat in some measure
its possible effectiveness from the
beginning.

A second more obvious factor is
the contribution which the group
makes to the larger society. The
groups in this college make at least
some effective contribution al-
though a few by their very nature
make more than the others.

The third factor is the extent to
which the group integrates itself
with society, or negatively speaking
the extent to which the group dif-
ferentiates itself from other groups
or to the society as a whole. In
primitive society there was a class
of men, supposedly possessed of
supernatural healing powers, known
as medicine men. To indicate and
to emphasize their divorce from or-
dinary mortal qualities they wore
outlandish costumes, painted their
faces and wore fearful hail-dresses.
Society has supposedly progressed
beyond a belief in medicine men.
In our modern state a group such
as this would be strongly condemn-
ed. The relation of group to socic
has changed and our concepts of
group living have also changed.
Yet we still have medicine men.
There are a group of people, like
the medicine men, who differenti-
ate thcmsclvcs from the other
members of the society in which
they exist. We have them in this
college. It is on the basis 01' this
factor of cllqerentiation that this
column attacks certain types of or-
ganizations in this college. It is
not the purpose of the writer to
evaluate the group on the basis of
all factors but to point out an evil
which counteracts all the good pur-
poses of a group.

The first group-type is exempli-
fied by the organization known as
Myskania. Many members of the
student body. both members and
non-members of Myskania have felt
that true leadership ability and in-
ltiatlve are evident in themselves
and have no need of a black hat
and a black gown to label their
possessors as leaders. Anyone who
needs a symbol of authority or
prestige to protest these same qual-
ities has no right to either. This
quality of differentiation is also a
quality of alienation and nullifies
in too many ways the purpose and
the contribution of the group. In
our own United States the presi-
dent. wears no kind of distinguish-
ing Dill‘flpllilliilllfl. His acts and
ability as leader and chief executive
are distinguishing clmractcristlcs of
their own. By emphasizing in dress
or other means the huliqcrence, a
,roup is all too apt to create the
suspicion that if it did not have
these "clmrms" its power would be
lost.

The second type of group includes
in its heading sororities. A sorority
such as Chlg Sig, strictly Catholic,
and those of Phi Belt. 13?. and KD
which are strictly Protestunt, are
exceptionally bad because they make
a group differentiation on the busls
of religion which to this writer‘s
mind is the worse pusslblc basis.
There will be a day in this college
when some enterprising person be-~
gins n sorority which will not even

1-9
'<

MARSH --—

mention religion, race or creed in
its constitution. It is to be hoped
also that this group, if there be
such a one will contribute more to
college or society living than the
sororities which now exist on this
campus. It is possible for a sorority
to have a positive social value. That
is, sororities could emphasize and
work for such social factors as tol-
eratlon, cooperation, inter-group
participation and the furtherance
of the individual as an intelligent
member of society. However, the
sororities on this campus fail mis-
erably in any constructive purpose
other than a superficial social at-
mosphere which does not in many
cases penetrate to their own mem-
bers. Unless a sorority makes some
effort in the direction we have men-
tioned it has no excuse for exist-
ence. This writer does not feel that
the sororities on campus have made
any appreciable contributions to
the college in this respect.

The third group-type is the clique
or gang. When these cliques be-
come so highly organized that they
stir up resentment and foster the
beginnings of other like groups it
is a damning influence on college
activity, class and college spirit.
Since the beginning of this college
and of any other college there have
always been gangs and cliques. In
past years there have always been
the "PO gang," the “Newman Hall
gang," “the Western Hall gang,”
etc. Gangs and cliques are cer-
tainly not a contributing factor,
but these did not exert a too de-
structive influence because they
made at least a small effort to in-
tegrate themselves with the college
as a whole. However, last year the
destructive influence of a clique
over-reached the previous bound-
aries in the formation of a “gang”
which called itself “The Terrible
Thirteen.” The members of this
group were well-liked in the college
and in their group house. However,
by banding themselves together, by
giving themselves a name, and thus
differentiating themselves from the
other members of the class, they
sowed the seeds for a crop of or—
ganized cliques which would have
the worst possible effect on class.
college and social spirit. The group
assumed a political aspect whether
it was their intention or not. Any
group like the “Terrible Thirteen”
which organizes itself and thereby
stirs up dissention and distrust is
bound to stir up political antagon-
ism, whether they want to or not.
It was not in their power to see
the possible effect which it. could
have on the college and more spec-
ifically their class. In wartime the
ordinary social contacts are denied
the college. However, a good class
spirit can make up in some meas-
ure this deficiency. The organiza-
tion of cliques makes this impos-
sible in their own class and inci-
dcntally exerts an influence on the
college which can in no way be
called good.

This impetus given to this group-
lypc last your b ythc “Terrible Thir-
teen” reached its epitome this year
with the formation of the organiza—
tion known as the TGIF. In all
fairness to the group they began as
a social club which would have no
conncction at all with the school.
They defeated their own purpose
however, by wearing distinctive cups
and by other nn-nns branding
themselves as a group apart from
their class. This group has also
given rise to another group in the
frcslumm class known as the
“Zorks.” lec a pebble thrown in
the water the circle is ever widen-
ing out. The vicious influence
which these groups exert by no will
of their own is bccollllllg more and
more important.

It is possible to sec that certain
conditions croutcd a favorable at-
mosphere for the formation of such
clubs. In the Sophomore class it
was felt, with reason or not. that a
clique not as organized us the TGIF
known as the Newman iInil gang
was taking over the class.

 

The Weekly Bulletin;—

Murcia ii .luulor liunquvl of Ten
1' yet of 7:00 I'. M.

March | HI‘A Ill‘llII'II lectures ul 1’hl
IN'llli, Sill Myrtle Aria, ul 15:00 i'. M.

March 1 (‘unlvrhury (‘luh ls luvllmi
lo :1 spugln'lli supper ut h‘l. Andrew's
t'hurch nl lizllli l'. M.

March ﬁll-Ilrlmn und lturul Ari l'lx‘
Illllll on Lind floor of lirnper.

.\Iul'rh Ii I‘ulllllll'l‘l'l' l‘lnl. rum-ling in
lioum :00 of 11:30 I'. M.

March 0 l‘lu-mislry i‘luh un-l-Iiug in
lioom 2.30 hi '1 :30 I‘. M.

March 7 Mull: (‘luh rum-ling 1n
ltoorn 101 Ml 7:250 i’. ;\l.

March 7 HIPA hoon In-nII-u x-llfl'VIl'l' ut
l'nilurlun Ulmpcl.

New Blood In Old Idea

Last Spring this college was compelled to think
seriously about its student government probably for
the first time since its inception. The impetus was
the Myskania to-be or not to-be discussions which
covered several assembly periods. Out of these
assemblies was hatched an idea that something was
wrong with our student government. It was fast
becoming a stagnant organization and the students
along with it.

A revised Student Council was the result of the
revised thinking. Perhaps they were awed by all
the fuss made over them, but State College has
since seen a Student Council which has an excuse
for being. The idea last March was to give to
Student Council some of the powers which theo-
retically they had, but did not use. The Council was
enlarged so that each class was represented. It
was further instructed to meet at least once a
week.

New blood must be all that it is said to be, for
the results of last year’s ideas have been many.
This year, the student body has been more or lcss
forced to make decisions on a number of questions
which in past years would have had to be in-
augurated by some far-seeing student or left to
die after half-hearted bull sessions. Myskania has
contented itself with the more honorary duties of
promoting student-faculty relations and represent-
ing the college in the outside world, the position
the organization was originally intended for. The
new blood was not only infused into Student
Council.

While most of the time following somewhat hull-
hcartcdly, the student body is slowly reacting to
some excellent leadership on the part of Student
Council. We now come to the crux ol the situa-
tion. The present Student Council can, and has a
good chance of returning to its old sedentary posi-
tion in a few y lurs when the newness wcurs oil and
the difference is no longer different. This is where
the student body comes in. It was you who brought
the new Student Coumll into being, it is you who
can destroy its useluln s» with the some imllllcrcncc
of which you how been guilty for so many years.
This may all sniack somewhat of the old cdlloriul
theme of school spirit. That does not mean that
school spirit is a bad thing. It is merely :1 hard
thing to attain. State College has the start of a
good thing and it cannot now afford to sit back
lllllfl let this too go [be way of many other good
u ens.

Present Status of Student Union li‘und

Received from Student 'l‘ax ......... .. $5,640.00

 

Alumni Contribution ............................... .. 60.00
Voted by Student Association

from Surplus ........................................... .. 1,300.00

7,000.00

lleduct expenses ........................................... .. 7.05

'laluncc ................................................................ “71008.05

U. 8. War l-londs (Maturity Value) 2,525.00

0,5‘)‘l.05

u!

~‘ﬁ

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class 011918

 

Vol. XXIX March 2, 19-15 No. 17
lit-miner lJi Irli uI '
Asml'luiml I‘ullcglull- l'I'l-ss i‘ullcl'iull' IIIil'w‘s'l
."hc umlorgrmluuln- “Myspupcr of iln- New York Hint:-
lolh'gv ior 'l‘I-urlu-rs: published crcry Friday of III.‘ I‘ol-

mgr .H-ur hr the NICWH Hum-d for 11w sum-m \ - -I--
lion. l'hont's: (Hflcc, 541373: Meyers, 11-1337; ilruryi. T'wm'l’

 

The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYERS - ~
SUNNA E. COOPER I

EDNA M. MARSH j

LOIS DRURY u

DOROTHEA SMITH - CIRCULATION MANAGER
JOAN HYLIND - - svou'ru LIJIIUR
JOAN BERBRICH - -
ELIZABETH O‘NEIL - -

EDIT )l'I-lN-CHIEF
(SO-MANAGING LU! [0115

BUSINESS MANAGER

ASSOCIATE LUI IO"

ASBOCI /\Tl:2 [501 If)“

 

«my» 2

 

All vommunlculions should be addressed to Illu editor and
The S'I‘A'l‘lu‘ (‘()i.l.l‘l(ll-l NEWS assumes no rosponsihllily
for opinions expressed in its columns or communlcutlolm
onus! be signed. Nlllncs will be withheld upon rvqucsl.
us such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

Colleges OIIer
Graduate Aid
By Scholarships

Numerous scholarships and fel-
lowships for graduate students are
being offered to students who show
exceptional ability in various fields
in the educational and scientific
world. These awards offer from
$150 to $1800 to their recipients.

The University of Cincinnatti,
graduate School of Arts and
Sciences, offers eight Taft Memorial
Teaching Fellowships in the follow-
ing departments: Classics, Econo-
mics, English, German, History,
Mathematics, Philosophy, and Ro-
mance Languages. The stipend for
these fellowships is $1000. Fellows
will not be permitted to teach more
than six hours a week. In addition
there are six Taft Memorial Scho-
larships for study in the above men-
tioned departments. stipend. 5500.
Graduate Fellowships Offered

Six or more Law fellowships are
offered in Cl'lemistry, and Chemical
and Metallurgical Engineering,
Mathematics and Physics. ranging
from $300 to $500. Also offered are
The Christ Hospital Fellowship;
Biological Chemistry. $1200: Charles
Arnold Iglauer Scholarship. Biolo-
gical Chemistry, $200: Chemical
Products Corp. Fellowship. Chemical
Engineering, $1200; The Cineinnatti
Wesleyan College Scholarship in
English, $200: Sinclair and Valen-
tine Fellowship in Lilographic Re-
search. $750: The Edwin Richard
Proctor FelIOWships in Philosophy,
$300; The Hanna Fellowship in
Physics, $500. Also at the Univer-
sity of Cincinnalti. fifty graduate
assistantships are available in the
departments of acteriology, Bo-
tany, Chemistry, Engineering. Eco—
nomics, English, Geology, History,
Psychology, and Zoology. Applica—
tions for these scholarships and fel—
lowships must be made immediately.
Biological Research Encouraged

The Mullehaupt Scholarships in
Biology are granted annually by
Ohio State University to the candi-
dates who are considered most like-
ly to promote one of the biological
sclcnccs. particularly botany, bac-
teriology, psyiology. and zoology.
Thcy :arry stipends of $1400 to
$1800 each. Applicants should apply
not. later than April 1.

The Teachers College of Columbia
University is offering assistance. to
ablc graduate students who are
.prcpzn'lng to be admininrotors.
supervisors or teachers in the schools
of tomorrow. Awards are available
in amounts from $150 to $750. Co-
lumbia College also offers oppor-
tunities for part-time student cm-
ploymcnls for graduates and grud-
uulcs' wives.

Ohio State University has the
Elizabeth Clay Howard Scholarship
which offers its l‘cclpicni $3000
payable in lwvlvv monthly lnslull-
mcnls. Any sludcnl who has shown
rmlrkcd ability in some field of
study which promiscs to constitute
additions to the knowledge of that
college shall be dot-med eligible.

Those students who desire fur—
ther infornullion about liu-sr- l'cl-
lowships and scholarships should
consult. the bulletin board in the
lowcr hall of Drupcr.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, i945

 

Fresh Show Largest Total
In Stamp Boolh Tabulations

Ann Fritz, '45, Treasurer of
War Activities Council, has re-
leased an official report on last
semester's finances as earned
from the weekly sales of the
stamp booth and three monthly
Stamp Days.

From the stamp booth sales,
the following figures were ob-
tained:

Student Council (1 wk)......$ 15.30
Sophomore Class (2 wks) 262.50
Commuters’ Club (2 wks) 69.05
Myskania (1 wk)  64.95
S.C.A. (1 wk) .... .. 37.75
Newman Club (1 wk  44.25
Freshman Class 12 wks)  390.80

TOTAL 

On successive Stamp Days in
November. December and Janu-
ary. these sums were reported:
November . $168.80
December ..
January

  
 

 

 

TOTAL ...... ... .............................. £448.20

SCA Continues

Lenten Services

Canterbury Club Group
To Attend Fellowship

The third in a series of Lenten
lectures and a fourth noon Lenten
service. both sponsored by Student
Christian Association, will be held
this week.

On Sunday at 3 PM. the Reverend
Arthur Jennings from Emanuel
Baptist Church will conduct the
third lecture at Phi Delta. He will
speak on “Sin And Repentencc" and
an informal discussion will follow.
Betty Hamilton. '46. and Elaine
Harris. '45. are in charge of ar-
rangements and refreshments.

 

 

 

Student Service Wednesday

In the Unitarian Chapel on Wed-
nesday, S.C.A. will have the Inter-
varslly FellOWship group as guest
loaders. Stephen Sidebotham, ’45,
will give a short talk. and Harold
Weber and William Mallory, Sopho-
more. will sing a duct. Clara Mac
Ryder, '-15. is in charge of arrange’
mcnls. All students ill'i' invited to
offend.
Felltnvship (lives Dinner

The Fellowship of Saint Andrew's
Church on Westcrn Avenue has an-
nountcd that it will hold a spaghetti
supper Sunday night. at 0:30 PM.
A spcukcr from Springfield, Massa-
chusetts, has been secured. In his
address he will describe the activi-
ties of the Episcopal summer youth
rmll'crcnccs. All members of the
Canterbury Club who would like to
offend are asked to notify Janet
Mother, ‘46. before the date of the
supper. This is an extra event on
the Canterbury Club program.
.lunowsky Speaks March H

Oscar Junowsky, noted spcukcr,
will deliver :1 lecture on "Jewish
Survival in u Troubled World" on
Wednesday, March 1-1. at the Jewish
Community Center.

Child Denounces Discrimination

As Assemny Applauds Speech

—— liy SHIRLEY I’ASSOW -—

’l‘hc no-upplnusi- rule ill the lvcs-
Quinn unii-discriminution bill heur—
ings 'l‘ucsduy afternoon, was broken
us wilncss l’uul Coburn, 10, ended
his tcsiimony.

Paul, the President of the Abru-
hum Lincoln Cul‘l'lcs On club. Lillie
l‘tcd Schoolhouse, New York. spoke
for his clussmulcs in urging the
lmglslulurc to adopt lin- blll. lie
was one of 220 witnesses speaking
on tho pro and con sides.

Standing firmly before the (lover-
nor’s commission, curncst and self-
ussurcd. the 10-year—old presented
his club's resolulio urging that dis-
crlminutiou because of race, creed,
color or nationality be outlawed in
employment. He told the story of
Jlunny Gross, u classmate who was
forced to use the back entrance of
a building just becnuso he’s a Negro.

“We wrote to the New York papers
~— the Herold-Trimno, PM, the
Daily Worker, the ’I‘lnws and told
them what we thought of this,"

’uul reported. "Wc wont to see a
low which will prevent such things
happening when our generation
grows up."

As l’ulll handed the chairman a
copy of his hpl’l‘t‘ll, which was writ-
Inn by the class, the audience up-
pluudcd for several moments. As-
smnblymun Hnlun Jack, the Com-
missiont-rs and a number of strung-
(u's surrounded the boy with con-
grululnlions.

ignoring the llrrdld-Trlhum: cor-
respondent. herding Paul und his
proud father to press quarters, we
asked the young speaker about the
Abraham Lincoln Curries On club.

"What do we do? We write letters
to the papers and magazines; watch
bills; went to visit Ben Davis—the

City Councilman. you know—" (at PM

our blank look)—

'l‘hat was the last we heard as
the door to the Legislative Corres-
pondents’ office banged behind
Daddy Coburn and his son.

Library Aides

Supplement Sta“

Faculty, Alumni Gilis
Augment College Books

For the first time in two years,
Miss Mary Cobb, college librarian.
states that the staff of the college
library has been supplemented by
the addition of five student workers.
Students have not been employed in
the library since the abolishing of
the National Youth Organization
two years ago.

Those students presently employ-
ed as library aides include: Frances
Sowa, Phyllis Witt-Penn, freshmen,
and Jean Doughty, ’47, desk work;
Margaret Loughlin, ’45, Janet La
Rue, '48, typing and stenographic
work. These students will definitely
be employed in the library until
April 1.

Faculty, Alumni, Donate Books

The library issued its book addi-
tion list for the period September
1944-45. It acknowledges gifts from
the following faculty members: Mrs.
Anna Barsam, instructor in Home
Economics; Dr. Robert Frederick,
director of training; Dr. Vivien
Hopkins, instructor in English; Dr.
Elizabeth Morris, professor of edu-
cation; Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean:
Dr. Catherine Peltz, instructor in
English, and Dr. John M. Sayles,
President of the College. Alumni,
who contributed to the addition are:
Mrs. Tatiana Chuchman, Major
Garrett. Mrs. Harry Passow, Dr. Ed-
gar A. VanderVeer, Mrs. Hortense
chsicr. The VanderVeer gift is
particularly notable as it is com-
prised of 261 volumes on the Civil
War period. This gift was donated
by the late Albert VanderVeer, a
noted surgeon and a member of the
Board of Regents of the University
of the State of New York.
Reference. Boo's in Majority

The additions include books in the
following fields: Amusements, Art,
Biography. Books and Bookmaking,
Classics, Education, Folklore. Geo-
graphy and Travel, Government,
History, Literature, onern Lan-
guages. Music, Philology, PhilOsophy
and Psychology. Religion. Science,
Sociology and Economies and Hy-
giene and Medicine.

According to Miss Cobb there still
remains :1 definite need for pleasure
leading books on the library
shelves. The majority of donated
books dealt mainly with subjects of
social sciences or education, potent
subjects in the world today.

Make-Up Exams
Are Scheduled

Make—up examinations for those
students who missed the January
cxnms have been posted.

The following examinations will
be given tomorrow morning at 9:00
AM. in Draper. Room 202; Econo—
mics 3. Education 10, Biology 101,
Biology 106, Commcrcc 6, Biology
125. (.‘ommercc 2, Chemistry 106,
i-Ilstory 4, English 3, and Hygiene.

On March 10 at the some time
and place, exams in English 17, and
English 106 will be given; on March
17, French 3 and English 2.

Final Make-l'p Exams

0n the final exam day, March 24,
Math 22, History 2, Math 28, Latin
115, English 121, Scicncc 1, History
141, and Physics will be glvrn.

The names of those students re-
quired to lake the make-up exams
are posted on the schcdult- in the
l()\\'l'l' hull of Draper.

Futterer Will Deliver
Story-Telling Lectures

The Children's Department of the
Albany Public Library is sponsoring
n series of lectures on the lv'umld-
Im‘ululs of Story Telling] by Miss
Agnes li‘lutcrcr, Assistant Professor
of English.

The first of the series has already
taken place, but the remaining two
will be held on March 5 and March
12 in the Chlldrens' Room of the
Hurmnnus Bleecker Library at 8

The lectures are intended prim-
arily for those students interested in
reading or telling stories to chil-
dren, and would be especially benc-
flcial for those in the Library school.

 

4W

 

(Guest columnist this week is last
year’s author of “Vitriol.” Rhona
Ryan is now a legislative correspon-
dent in the State Capitol.)

The Assembly Wednesday passed
the Anti-discrimination bill, co-
sponsored by Republican Majority
Leader Ives in the Assembly and
Democratic Minority Leader Quinn
in the Senate.

The bill, for the first time in the
history of state government—though
not national—~prevents any employer
of over six persons from denying
jobs on the ground of race, color,
or creed.

There are, to be sure, statutes on
the books which have never been
enforced. But the Ives-Quinn bill
provides penalties of fines and im-
prisonment for violations of the
law. and sets up a commission of
five men empowered to employ as
large a staff as may seem necessary
to carry out the provisions of the
bill to the letter.

The bill, in essence, grants to the
citizens of New York State another
civil right—the right to dignified
employment, the right to work with
fellow men and women on an equal
basis, no matter what the national
origin or religion of the worker.

By the very violence of the at-
tacks against the bill, the reporter
in the Capitol watching the debates
has been fully shown that this is
undoubtedly the most important
single piece of legislation in New
York‘s history.

The attacks have varied from sin-
cerc questioning of the adequacy of
the commission method for handling
intolerance, to the familiar smoke-

 

 

Power Retired; Pryor Joins
Stall of Physics Department

Because of the retirement of Dr.
Carleton Power. head of the Physics
Department. on February 28. Dr.
Saylcs, President of the college, has
announced that Marvin J. Pryor has
been added to the Physics Dept. as
an instructor.

Mr. Pryor holds an AB. and a
BS. in Education from Marion Col-
loge, Indiana. He also has an M.A.
degree from Amherst. Massachu-
setts. For the last few years he has
been a lecturer in Physics at Union
College and in Schenectady.

Dr. Power, who retired betuusc of
physical disability, has been at State
College since his appointment in
1915.

 

Thumbs Down On Ghosls
Soy Slate Molh Moiors

Ghosts stalked the corridor of
State and hovered above the
desks as Doctor Jones thrilled
and chilled the 12:35 Folklore
class with stories about people
who came back from the dead.

In between stories he explained
that. Scientists and Malhenmti-
cians could not explain some of
the phenomena observed by many
people. As he went on. a piece of
paper appeared in the back row
and fluttered from hand to hand.
Students looked, grinned and
hastily wrote something on the
cplstlc.

As Doctor Jones continued his
mysterious tales the paper made
the rounds and ended up in the
front row. The sudden pool of
the bell broke the mood—and
just as suddenly the well~lravcled
sheet appeared on the Doctor's
desk. There in bold letters was
the inscription:

“We Math and Science Majors
and Minors OBJECT.” And un-
derneath was a list of “sound—
mlnded, hard—headed" individu—
als who did not believe in ghosts!

By RHONA RYAN

screen of “every man has a right to
choose his own friends, why can’t
he employ whomever he wants?"

The attackers have sworn never
to give up their ceaseless efforts to
amend or repeal the bill. The pro-
ponents answer that they will never
permit emasculation of the principle
that private prejudice must not be
allowed to interfere with the right
to earn bread.

No one at the moment knows
what the future will bring. One, in
the Assembly debate, prophesied a
return of the Ku Klux Klan. Others
foresaw disintegration of industry in
the State. The mlldest viewpoint
was that the act would create more
intolerance than it would destroy.

Those supporting the bill state
firmly that the commission ap-
pointed by the Governor will be
composed of broad-minded reason—
able men, wise in the ways of con-
ciliation and reason. (There is no
basis to doubt the ability of Gov-
ernor Dewey to find outstanding
men for the job) They add that
once the bill is passed industry will
realize the futility of endless litiga-
tion and law stilts, accepting the
provisions of the bill quietly.

Nowhere in the bill is there any
hint that one must necessarily em-
ploy a member of a minority group
in preference to someone else with
more training or skill. Mr. Ives has
made it clear that the essence of the
bill is to guarantee unskilled minor-
ity groups the fullest job opportun-
ities. Noted for his honesty and
fair—mindedness, Republican Ives
insists he wishes only to give an
equal chance, not special favors, to
those the bill would protect.

And at that the case rests. The
bill will assuredly pass the Republi-
can Senate, with the Governor back-
ing it whole-heartedly, in fact one
of the major figures pushing the
measure—for which he will earn a
secure place in the history of
American social legislation.

Eight great industrial states are
now considering the same bill, and
a legislator in every state is in-
terested in its passage.

New York has taken an amazingly
long step toward enforcing fair
labor practices. A step that has left
those reporting the event. slightly
breathless with the drama and sense
of history connected with the long
hours of debate.

For the closing comment. one can
only remember the motto of the
State, which the passage of this bill
sec-ms to point up so clearly . . .
first always in social legislation,
New York still keeps saying "Excel-
s or !"

Urban, Rural Art Exhibii

Vivian S. Hopkins, Instructor in
English, and Ruth E. Hutchins. As-
sistant Professor of Fine Arts. have
announced that there will be an ex-
hibit of water colors done by Grace
Marlin, Instructor in Art at Milne
High School, in Room 207 Draper,
from March 5 until the college re-
cesses on March 23.

The paintings cover a variety of
subjects. both urban and rural.
This is the fourth art exhibit this
year. The first two exhibits were
sponsored by the college Art classes;
the exhibit by Theresa McGlnnis,
grad student. by Miss Hutchins;
and Miss Martin's water colors are
being sponsored by Miss Hopkins
and Miss Hulchins.

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists

ESTABLISHED 1905

 

PHONE 4-2036
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

STATE

Barber & Beauty

103 CENTRAL AVE.
PHONE 4-3831

 

 

RIGE ALLEYS

Western 3; Quail
15c a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

 

 

 

 

4m'~.uv‘mi.:~>1mt4tuwmdmﬁ '

 

