   

   
 

       

or ,5

—by 1(1er mans

HOT OFF THE PRESS

The latest neWS is that the Po. is to be done over
in pink. . . Jane Heath Takas presented the PO. and
Andy with a baby, wild rumors being floated around
that the baby is to be named Andrea Douce. . .
Mother and baby doing fine. . . P.O. just recovering. .
GJ. COLUMNIST

We have a guest columnist this week from England
although the poor guy isn’t even aware of the fact.
Since this is a G.I. column we think it only fitting
that the G.I.'s should have a chance to express them-
selves through it. We should like therefore to reprint
the following description from Dick Hisgen '43.

DEATH IN OUR. TIME — DICK HISGEN

Even as I watched the big four-engined plane hurtle
down the runway I had a feeling that all was not as
it should be. Usually the planes left the ground before
this one had. Its wheel left the concrete at the last
instant and like a tiring bird the Liberator began to
falter and stagger. An involuntary shudder passed
through me and immediately afterwards the goose
pimples began to raise on my flesh. My tongue stuck
to the roof of my mouth and my throat tightened
with suspense. I had full sympathy for the young
pilot and co-pilot of that plane for I knew that their
lives were passing through their minds like him
through a camera. My first impulse was to run like
hell but I stood as one rooted to the ground. Just
as the plane reached a grove of trees, it headed earth-
wards with all its engines whining in protest in a
futile effort to lift the wings. I

For an instant after it struck there was an eerie
stillness in the air—but only for an instant. The
two-thousand gallon gas-load was unleashed in a fury
of flame and expanding air. The air-blast rattled
nearby barracks and awoke their occupants. A dirty
black column of smoke climbed about 200 feet and
then fell victim to the wind which scattered it. The
flames licked hungrily at the fuselage and wing
surfaces.

When will the bomb-load go off? This thought had
been in the back of my mind all this time, but now
it pushed its way to the fore. 1' saw the flash before
I heard the dull whoomph of the five-hundred-
pounder. Throwing myself on the ground I awaited
what I feared would be the blow to end all blows.
Amazingly nothing happened! The soft earth in
which the bomb was half-buried had “soaked up"
most of its devastating effect.

As the heat grew more intense, the aluminum braces
buckled and the plane became more grotesque with
each shifting of its weight. What appeared to be
graceful and beautiful in flight now appeared ugly
and beaten. A wing-tip trying to cheat fate still
pointed Skyward held up by the right wheel which
was just beginning to burn. All this had taken place
in less than five minutes and now that the more
dangerous part of the crash seemed finished. the
medics were rushing towards the plane in an effort
to find what remained of the crew. The three who
had escaped death were hurried to the hospital. . .
I walked slowly toward the plane and noticed bits of
wreckage scattered through the fields which had just
been plowed for the winter. The trees were turning
black under the withering heat of the high-octane
gasoline. In an adjacent field a herd of cows was
placidly watching the activity. . . The closer I walked
the more evident the force of the explosion became.
Part of the nose had vanished completely. The wing
tanks had disappeared. The engines were buried in
the ground and the earth was steaming and sweating.
The remains of some of the crew were covered with
blankets. . . A medic was walking towards one of the
blankts with an arm held gingerly away from his
body. He placed it under the blankets and turned to
resume his search. . . I returned to the bur'ucks to
make my bed and sweep the floor. . .

The next day all that remained of the crush were
a few charred trees. the scarred ground and the tracks
of the vehicles which had hauled the wreckage away.

 

 

Social Calendar - - -

Fi'li. m: itr. Jumps (.‘hi|~ .\I.’II'I'II ‘..': l>rnmnli<~s nnd
Ilt'l‘o'. i'I'oI't-ssor ol' Spoolle .\rI~' (‘oum'il will pI't-svnt
will hilt-ilk on "MI-xico" :iI Ilul'ou Yonder Hist.

71% I‘. .\i. in Ilu- Loungc: Hill...“ I“; laws“ m. 5.
he will also di~|nluy ill-xi Hm...“ :3 "mi 3315",”.

run III_\’~:1III|I show u IIIo\'lI'. Hm.

I’l-h. II'I: ll“url'|\1:rll will ltl'l‘ Mun-In Io; Iiili'Ii's iiioi.
.‘«I‘III .‘lll . llll‘ilill'l'illll'  , I , H. .
from “H who will spunk uni,“  54ml; II,H"“"_'.,.,
on “lint-.- IIUIIIiioIH in liruv ' "'I‘H‘, ' "" 'l” ”"‘ “'0”
zii" :li szzzo I'. .\i in lin- "‘- “"'
hummus ‘.\ian-h 31'): .I\|i conirlhu~

l“..|., 1|: [0rd] wound”; Hons Io Io- ’rinu-r must
T]. will IlI'I'R‘I'IlI .'t IHIIII” l‘“ ll'v
t'ltlll‘t'l‘i nt iiziiti l‘. .\I. in ,\prll it: I‘lnsn' in~Irnr~
I'ulgi-l iinli'l. “I l I (ll ’ ilulN will in- I'mnmvd.

't' i. .I: Has on It! , . ,  .I
will pl'ost'III lir Noggin. “I'.\l:”‘i.|lul,':' ll“l_l'l',:.l,:l| l"‘ "\‘w
Ilihii'llt'iol‘ in Lulin. who ' , ' '
will spool; on "i'IM'nvu } -\l“"'l 3'3 l'll""""“""li.\’
tions” of 7:30 1'. .\l. in Iln- log 5.

Lounge. .\in_v Ii: Moving I'p lniy.
I“I~I). iii: Itrul f’rwlli c-xom.‘ .\iny lit; .lnnior iii}; s.

in l-‘rcnrh, (iv-room. and \. . ‘1‘. .. .. ,.. ,
Spanish will he givvn m i “li,l.:"|,f“l‘1 ‘MNH'HI IN“.
I’. M Ill Itooiu L‘U. ' "

Mny .‘iti: .\lvinorin| lioy.

lN-b. 117i: Sophomore litill' ,.
Juno 1: I‘Innl x-xnms “(5'

mini. .

Ii‘l‘l. L’i: Siulc l"nir. '~'1“~

l-‘r-h. 158: Show will hold .inm- itl: Alumni and
it round Iiiillt! discussion t‘lnss Iiuy.
with l'nxtiotou - on - tho - Juno l7: iiucrninurcuio
Hudson. This topic is “.iuv- SI-rvlu-o.

colic Iltliiillillt‘llt‘y." .lilno Is: t‘quno-nrcmcni.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1945

 

© ESQUIRE,

“Someone called

 

 

Reprinted from the February issue of Esquire

INC., 1045

her for a date”

 

 

 

Wm
4m¢1

 

THE DOOR OPENS ANEW

As shell fire and marching men
on two fronts rapidly shrink Fortress
Europe, let us take inventory. Aryan
refugees pour west at last. into Ber-
lin. learning the lesson they have
denied for 12 years: that supermen
must also suffer and die in the war
they created. Every man in the
Soviet blitzkrieg forces understands
the vengeance he brings to Europe.
There is grim satisfaction in the
letters home, in the Soviet news
dispatches, as the avengers sweep
into “the Fascist beast’s lair.” De-
tachment is not the keynote of the
Soviet attitude toward Nazi Ger-
many, though Americans still in-
dulge in the luxury of debating
what should happen to the Nazis-
good or bad—soft or hard. And
more than one whisper hisses for a
negotiated pence. polite term for
shameful trading with the enemy.

It is important that we know what
our Allies are thinking and say-
ing—important not. Incron to the
forces who guidc Statc Departman
diplomacy but to everyone of us.
Out of the confusion. the aimless-
ncss, the soothing contradictions, a
foreign policy is being shaped for
the United States. For the first
timc it appears that we will respond
to the urgency of formulating a
positive stutcmcni. of our plucc in
a world organization. We can no
longer afford to be It debating so-
ciety on a slightly rcmoic plnnct.
analyzing and scolding. yt-t disdnhi-
ing to life an official tingcr. Amcr-
icnn bchuvior ovcrscus is tho con-
cern of every citizcnmnot merely
the cnriclisis.

We hnvc stood by Whilo Russia
and England squabbch over which
Poles should rcprcscnt Polund: the
London cxilc governinan of tho
Lublin (:oI'umiiico of peasants, \vork—
ing men and social democrats. thn
matters had reached a head. we lup-
pcd the London group~~und today
the Lublin committee udministcrs
libci‘utcd Poland from Warsaw. In
this country, Nazi prisoners of war
are carefully fed. entertained and
shielded from the facts of demo-
cratic life. Moscow, on the other
hand. has cultivated n body of anti-

 

By Shirley Siegel Passow

Nazi German officers and men cap-
tured at Stalingrad and after. These
men are splitting the cracks in Ger-
many today. and unless the current
Big Three conference has decided
otherwise, they will be the first pro-
visional government of Germany.
American short - sightedness has
been consistently demonstrated
since the capture of Rome in July,
1944. We have held aloof from poli—
tics in every liberated nation, but
politics somehow insisted on coin-
ciding with military events. While
we stood on our dignity. England
virtually sabotaged the return of
democratic government to Italy,
provoked civil anarchy in Greece.
supported the unpopular kings and
rcactionuries in Yugoslavia and
Poland. and failed in its opposition
to DeGaulc and the French Resist-
ance movement. This is loss an
indictment of Churchillism than of
American indecision. A world of
Unich Nations will collapse inevit-
nbly unless mutqu uction involves
every nation and cvcry phase of
national life.

It. is long post limo that. the M011—
l'oc Docirinc guvc way to n proc—
iicul world Bill of Rights. America
has comc of ugc, cconoinicnlly. Wc
hnvc grout resources to offer the
world in mutcrinls, products and
technical briiluncc. Our bcst cxport.
could be the extension of workable
dcmoc 'ucy to oil pcoplcs. chcrthc—
loss. we have not thoroughly out-
grown our l‘roniicr provinciulism,
our mistrust of "i'urrincrs" and "fur-
rin" entanglements. slrmming from
our grcnt—grcut-grculs. As a loud-
ing nation, we dnrr not. demand Ihr
rights und priviicgt's of i'rccdoni.
wiriic \vc rci'usc to ncct-pt. tho l'cs—
ponsibilitirs for maintaining froc—
dom.. Such u roursc hos bccn ours
for 50 yours. Sonic cull ii cxploiiu-
tion and cvrry nation which follow-
cd 11. hus bccn thrown into wur. If
We have grown up to pout-c, the
United States will put its full wcight
behind it powerful. intcrdcpcndcnt
Unlicd Notions of the World. Mutuul
action alone will lend the world
through the Open Door to pcucc.

A Little More Action

State College had some high ideals for the tran-
sition of State into the upper brackets last May
when we voted that we should have a Student
Union. Unfortunately, our ideals have gradually
been submerged in the murky haze'of bickering,
doubt, and evasion.

We’ve had numerous assemblies devoted to dis-
cussion of the Student Union. There have been
several amendments proposed to the original motion
and discussed along with it. Instead of sticking
strictly to business and maintaining an intelligent
discussion, we were more than once inclined toward
tangents of petty and irrelevent matters that helped
to confuse rather than clarify the situation. We’ve
tried to get all the questions answered at once,
instead of dwelling on them one at a time. Some
of us ask “How much will it cost?” Before we
know it, the discussion is off on the situation of
the Student Union and the merits and demerits of
the Benevolent Association. As a result, some of
us understand what‘s going on perfectly, some of
us know a little about it and the rest of us haven‘t
the vaguest notion of what it’s all about.

Strong objections have been voiced on various
phases of the motion. That in itself is a healthy
sign, but to declare that some plan is not. its best
and suggest it be discarded without any notion of
what might be substituted in its place or what
changes will make it its best is inane. The feeling
against havingr the funds handled by the Benevo-
lcnt Association, for instance, is strong, but there
has been no adequate solution offered so far. Would
it be wise to throw such a large sum of money into
the inexperienced hands of 1,000 students? Would
it Work to select a committee from the student
body? Could they be trusted to use more discre-
tion film an organization that has been in cxistuncc
for several years? And wouldn't this committee,
in a few years also become an impersonal group
mistrusted and resented by future students? Have
new representatich each year, you say. Wouldn’t
it save more time and trouble to select rcprcsentzc
lives from the student body to the Student Union
Committee each year with the duty of keeping
track of what happens to the funds. That is only
one of the spirals we have traveled in the discus-
srons.

Today, a. new motion, containing all the umcnd-
ments that have been bashed and rc-hashed, will be
presented and discussed in assembly. Arc we going
to go over all the minor points that we’ve been over
so often again? Just this once, can‘t we stick to it.
listen to what is said so that it isn’t said again five
minutes later in slightly different words? if we
discuss it thoroughly, point by point, so that cvcrv
person present, and everyone should be present,
umlcrsiunds it, there should be no cause for gripe-
Ing offer it is voted on. if the Student Associa-
iitill. fccls that today is the time for voting on the
motion, It should be votcd on by all means, but.
his litil. just say, “Aye” because it happens to bc
i2103 and wcrc hungry. We‘ve spent it whole
scmcstcr discussing the Studtot Union; surclv wc
can spare one more half hour. '

 

      
  

STAT E COLLEGE NEWS

 

.V) -

$5,“: Established May 1916

I‘"--

 , By the Class ol1918

.g 3
Vol. XXIX Fcbruury l), 1945 No. 1-1
.\it'l|l|n'I' i" ‘ '

Assul'IIIII-Ii i'oilt-gltlli' I‘I'f'n\ I'olnl-Llllnllli'”IIIII“le
l'ho lllIIlI'I"’l'.‘Itlllilit' III-\\'~pIp-r oi i'l‘ \ \\ i ‘H

I ‘ I h“ . I l ' tl'it hill'
(ollogv IoI' lion-hon: pulriinlold I-vI-I'yli~'I'Iil:|v of. tho i'llii‘~
.ogi- ji-ul‘ by illtl.xi‘l\\'5 IIUIII'II I'oI' lilo \‘ill"|t‘l|! Axon-In
lion. l’honnw: IHI'Ico, i'i‘iliITI‘i; .\|.-_\.-r\, 1! 13.17: lil'urr 1: 27.3".

 

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS -
SUNNA E. COOPER ;
EDNA M. MARSH I
LOIS DRURY -
DOROTHEA SMITH
JOAN HYLIND
JOAN BERBRICH
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

EDI [(lli-IN-LLIIHIF
CD-MANAGING L‘LlliORS
llIJSINESS MANAGISII
CIRCULATION MAN/\Iillii
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ISSIJE EDITOR
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

 

 2

All l‘IIlllllllIllit'ilIlltllr should in' Mt '!.'.'~ - I ' -
’l'ho S'l‘A'i‘l-l I‘Iil.l.l')(il-) NEWSI ilhl‘ilrilitiii llllhilllii‘ﬁ‘ytull'” M“!
l V .. . ..pousibilit\
for opinions l'XlII't‘p'ﬁt'tI in Us columns or communlcnitons
IuIIsI hr slum-d. Snows will bo \‘v’IiIIIlt‘III upon request
us MII'II I‘Xill'l'hhiiill\ do not own-ssurily rcl‘lori its view. ‘ I

Women Voters
Arrange Visit
To Legislature

The Albany County League of
Women Voters has planned a visit
to an evening session of the State
legislature to be held on Monday.
Arrengements in State College are
being made by Forum.

This will be the second in a series
of meeting planned by Mrs. Sonja
M. Braun, Chairman of the Student
Activities of the League, and with
suggestions from committees from
St. Rose and State College.
Educational Legislation

Before the legislature convenes,
from 7:30 PM. to 8:30 P.M.. a meet-
ing will be held on educational legis-
lation in the office of the Honorable
Wheeler Milmoe. room 441 of the
State Capitol. Mr. Milmoe is Assem-
blyman from Madison County and
Chairman of the Committee on
Public Education. When this is over
the legislature will begin its meeting
in the Legislative Chambers.

Seats Reserved

Students wishing to attend must
sign up on the sheet on the Forum
bulletin board since places must be
reserved for them. Those who sign
up should plan on meeting at 7:20
PM. in the main lobby of the State
Capitol. on the ground floor. at the
Washington Avenue entrance. Lea-
gue committee members will be
there to guide the group.

Forum Program

 Rosario Trusso. ‘45. Speaker
of Forum. has announced the follow-
ing program for second semester:
Feb. 14 —Mr. Paul dc Albuquerque

from RPI will speak on

race relations in Brazil.
He is a native of Latin
America.

Feb. 28 ——Miss Zorida Weeks. Pres-
ident of the League of
Women Voters, will speak
on current State legis-
lation.

March 14~—Miss Ethel Ewing, As-
sistant Professor of Poli-
tical Scicnce and Eco-
nomics at State College.
will speak on the Far
East.

 

SIAIE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, i945

 

last Call To Sophomores
Blood Drive To End Today

The month of February— a
month of great men and of
lovers. Let us for now omit the
great men and think more of the
lovers. Twa days after Valen-
tine’s Day—this is the time when
a girl gives away her heart and
a fellow gives a dozen roses or
maybe even a Tiffany!

For the past two days the
Sophomores, en route to their
hearts, have been rounding up a
little blood along the way and
giving that too. After all he may
have your heart but if his blood
is all gone—what's he gonna do?

If any of you Sophs are still
keeping your hearts and your
blood—well the fellows’ hearts
can be given to State’s women
and the women’s hearts to
statesmen. but the blood—that
has to be given to the attendant
at the blood station. There is
absolutely no red tape attached
(only a band-aid).

So all you Sophs who have not
given—get out and give today.
It‘s your last opportunity to give
that fellolw not only your whole
heart but also a whole pint of
shiny red blood.

 

 

 

Rooth Announces

Slated Debates

Jane Rooth, ‘45. president of De-
bate Council has announced exten-
sive plans for this semester.

Members of the Council will travel
to CilSlLletOll-Oll-HtldSOll to conduct
a round-table discussion on Feb—
ruary 28. The topic will be Juvenile
Delinquency. At the conclusion of
the round-table discussion the ques-
tion will be referred to the audience
for open discussion.

The Kiwanis Club of Castleton is
sponsoring the event.

Debate Offers

State was also asked to debate
Syracuse University on February 1.
but due to exams. arrangements
were canceled.

Soyles Hall Rifled By "Raffles"
Meal-time Thieic Nets $300

by Marilyn Warshaw

Attention all fresh. Sophs, Jun-
iors and Seniors! Wanted by the
police: One little man in a black
coat having on his person $300 in
cash and checks, a vuricd ussort-
merit of both real nnd imitation
lcuthcr \vullcts. ANI.) one package
of run]. honcst-to—g‘oodnch ('iyor-
tfllt‘N.’

This person was lost soon by :1
pork of i'cmnlr roomors from Suyios
l'lull who. ni'tcr n ilL‘t'IIL‘ chusc
throng the dorm hulls. govc up.
convinced their "prmvlcr" bud dis-
uppcurcd. wont buck to the dinner
tubic and sung songs in his honor.
Mcunwhilc thc little mun. who must
huvc bccn hiding in u closet nil tho
\vhiic. wont slioling/ from room
to room and poclu-icd \vhut turncd
out to be :1 gross Inist'oriunc to o
lurgc port of the lussics. ’I‘hc loss
of u puck of Chcstcri‘iclds siolcu
from htc (lcslt druwcrs of one of
thc vortiuui freshmen \vns puriicu-
iurly hcurt-I'cnding to its owner
\vhcn shc icurncd of her misfortune.

Sim-t- thc majority of us Ili‘t‘ still
very "cdurniion conscious" :Ii'II-r
huviug gone through it \\'i'('ii und :I
half of hcriic studying, let us try
to undcrsinnd our criminnl by
upplying to the rust- Homo of the
huowlcdgc \vc Ilil\’i' suposcdly uh-
sorbcd. l’crhnps in this muuncr.
wr- cou multc this "llndci'slund
Your (‘rimiuoi Wot-it."

i.t-l us itll'IIii' iiIt‘ [ii'niiicill muihc-
qulicully. Now Ilil\'i' you t'\’t‘l'
hcurd iin- axiom, "A siruighi liuc
Is the shoricsl distunw bclwccn
two poinls‘f” \\’rli. obviously this
mun did, too. llc wullml in l
leuight liuc siruighi from om-
room into ilic other!

01' it could be loohcd ui histor-
icuily. (lonsidcr tho lhict's past
history. Perhaps he \vus voted
“Most Likely to Sucvccd" in his
grudunting cluss. 'i‘hui's (llliit‘ u

reputation to live up to, and our
friend was trying the quick finan-
cial way to success.

The psychological angle now
fort-cs its way in. This person was
obviously a scutimcnialist! Many of
tho Suylcs damscls. after voting him
"The Mcuncst Thief of the Your,”
pi'oct'cdt'd to discuss how it wasn't
the money they missctlwil. was the
sentiment. The man. mental Icic-
pnthist that he was. rciurm-d Ihc
scntimcnI—w—nnd kept. the money.
chcrnl of the girls huvo had their
I'Iiiplicd \\'ullcis returned to them
rim that most. promising of trnns~
porlulion sysicms -~ the United
Sitiil'h’ Mnii. Ono lm'cly miss cvcn
rcrcivcd an invitation to spend on
cvt-ning with this most iulkcd of
"Maui of tho flour."

Looking of it from any unglcﬂ
this guy is u crook! So. if you soc
u liitic mun in it black cont smoking
:1 t‘hcstcrficid. grub him. he's our
moo! [lo-\uu'd: 0111' drug on tile
i'li:.'

Religious Clubs Schedule

Speakers For S€fViC€S

(‘lnru Moo Rydt-r. ‘5. Prcsidcnt.
hos nnnounccd lhnl lnlcr-Vnrsiiy
(‘hI'Istiun Followship will hold its
monthly rrgionnl mccling of thc
Y \V.(i.i\. in Albany tomorrow of
ii PM The mention will opt‘li with
.l hymn service. nud u quurlct from
Riki, will furnish spt-ciul music.
hli's. Duvid Ellison. u missionury
m-cntiy rclurncd from Fri-och Indo-
(‘hmn. will spcuk.
(‘unicrhury (‘luh

Conn-rbury Club will hold n sup-
|lt'l‘ mot-ling in St. Andrew's Parish
llousc on Sunday ul 6:30 PM. Gucst
spcukcr for the owning will be the
ussisiuhi of St. Pcicr‘s Church.

not i '0 ’

Crandell Elected Communication - - -

Statesman Head
To Succeed Inglis

James Crandeil, ’48, is the new
president of the statesmen, filling
the vacancy created by Harry Inglis
who graduated this January. other
officers were also chosen in the re-
cent election.

Roger Nielson, '48. the new secre-
tary, will succeed Robert Horsman,
’48. who is leaving soon for the Navy.
The office of songleader. vacated
by Mr. Crandell, will be taken over
by William Mallery, '47.

Events Past . . .

The statesmen is a relatively new
organization, open to every man at
State. Though their first was held
less than three month ago, they
have already sponsored several en-
terprising functions under the dir-
ection of Mr. Inglis.

The Christmas formal dance in
the Ingle Room at Pierce Hall was
one of their largest programs. Prior
to Christmas vacation the States-
men prescntel a comedy skit in as-
sembly to announce the dance. and
later. the night of Christmas parties,
all group houses were entertained
with caroling.

Events Future . . .

At present they are planning their
show for the "State Fair” where
they will introduce the Annex quar-
tctte, a ten-man routine number,
Edgar Bergen and Charlies Mc-
Carthy, and several other perform—
ers.

Tonight Psi Gamma sorority in-
vites all statesmen to their open
house at 8 PM. This will be a
social function solely for the States-
Inen, similar to the fraternity open
house of former years.

Ass’t. Engineer
Suffers Attack

For the third time this year, State
College has suffered the loss of one
of its janitors. At noon on Tuesday,
Eugene Brown, Assistant Engineer,
was stricken with a heart attack
in the lower hall of Draper. He was
carried from the building and taken
immediately to a hospital where he
died at 3:10 P. M. He is survived
by his wife who lives at 239 Clinton
Avenue.

This is the third time one of our
janitors has been suddenly stricken,
and died within a very short time.
Mr. McAllister, a former night
watclnnnn was the first to decease.
His death occurred early in the
full. He is also survived by his
wife, Mrs. Katherine McAllistcr
whose home is on Quail Street.

The second death occurred when
Howard Rock. a laborer around the
collt‘gc. ran into a snow plow dur—
ing the first snow storm of the
your and died when his car over-
Iurncd.

In addition to the deaths of the
junitors. State College also suffer-
cd the loss of Dr. Howard DoBcll.
Assistant. Professor of Mathematics.
who also died vory suddenly in his
home in December.

Press Bureau Seeks Photos

Miss Vcrn Kozuk. ‘45. Director of
Prcss llurcnu. rcqucsls ihut illi‘
Scniors who huvc not hundcd in
Ihcir ihrcc plclurcs and wish to
hnvc them sent out with grnduntion
lioiiccs. hnnd iilt‘lll in at once.

11' till' siudcni wishes to have the
pidlurcs rclurncd. he may place
them in u sclf—uddrcsscd. stumped
cnvclopc.

To The Editor:

We are among the Junevile Delin-
quents engaged in the immoral prac-
tice of not paying Student Tax. We
are not allowed to speak in Assem-
bly, of course, so that when our
names were read to the student body
recently, we could not defend our
honor. Will the editors of the News
grant us a little space in which to
do so?

The charges leveled against us
are manifold and grave. We were,
the spokesman said, taking part in
extra-curricular activities although
we had not paid the Tax. We had
ignored four or five notices to pay
or explain. Above all. we had not
paid. And we had better do so.

The first charge is not universally
true. Most of us are not taking
part in extra-curricular activities,
either because we know that we
are not entitled to do so, or be-
cause. more simply, we just haven’t
time for them. (If we had time,
we could use it to earn money with
which to pay the Tax and thus be-
come eligible for such activities—w
but then we couldn‘t participate
anyway).

The second charge is also flimsy
and general, for some of us receiv-
ed just one noticc and most of us
answered promptly explaining our
position.

The third charge is, of course
true; we are guilty. We haven’t
paid the Tax. We have paid for
our textbooks. We have managed
to pay laboratory and other fees.
With close figuring we manage to
cover our room and board. But we
haven’t paid the Student Tax . . .
and we're not going to pay.

\Vhatever the Spokesman for
Student Union may believe, what-
ever impression he may have given,
the Student Tax is not a legal obli-
gation upon State students. It is a
voluntary payment. It is, incre-
over. an omnibus tax. including
not only fees for services which he
might receive, but also a contribu-
tion to the Student Union, a philan-
thropic cause for which he might,
or might not want to give.

State College is not a private in-
stitution. It does not, as a rule
attract students of means. Many

 

Icey Blast Scare'.Albony,-
Everything Closed—Almost

A snow storm blows in from
the East. Coal shortages infest
northern New York. Trains are
off schedule. Schools, offices.
amusement parlors close their
doors.

Two young hopefuls dash into
the "Boul" eagerly searching for
someone to tell them whether
State would re-open. They heard
that all Albany schools were
closed until Wednesday.

“Ah-ha. there’s Bob Loucks;
maybe he‘ll know if there is
school or not.”

As fate would have it. he does——
there is. The group drowned
their sorrows in a cup of black
coffee.

On the wuy out, one 0f the gay
dnmscls gives the waiter a piece
of advice:

"Joc." she says. "State is open.
You‘d better stock up on those
grilicd franks!"

 

 

II. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
[SI/\BLISIIED H.105 PHONE 4~2038
l57 CENTRAL AVE.

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

DIAL 5~1913

OAFETEBIA

Try Our linsincssmun’s Lunch

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

of us are working our way through.
Some of us just amnage to get by.»
Some may have to drop out. To
some, the Student Tax is just
another payment that should and
can be made. To others.“ is a
difficult, if not impossible require-
ment. To apply the entire student
body this arbitrary omnibus tax
and to attempt to punish by public
exposure those who have not paid
it seems somehow unworthy of our
college, which prides itself upon
its democracy and has fought so
well against class distinctions.

Conscientious Objectors

SEB MEI...

New Positions

Principals Select Nine
In Recent Interviews

Miss Mary Alberts, head of the
Student Employment Bureau, has
announced nine appointments made
recently through the Bureau.

She stated that appointments are
not usually made so early in the
semester, but this year many prin-
cipals have already come in for in-
terviews. Seniors who have obtained
jobs are Maralyn Guy, Commerce,
Poland; Martha Gardiner, Science.
Greenville; Doris Burton. Social
Studies, Athens; Gloria Marcan-
tonio, Latin. Spanish and English,
Greenville; Jean Winyall, Commerce
Greenville; Aileen Byrne. Com-
Inerce. Greenville.

 

Sprenger Announces

Four Addittions To D&A

Martha Sprenger, ’45, President of
Dramatics and Arts Council, has
announced that four new members
have been chosen for the year
1944-45. They are Marion Buetow,
46; Clyde Cook, Joan Alverson, and
Judy Dube, Sophomores.

One or two members are appoint-
ed to the council on Moving-Up Day
and then two to four more are
chosen in the first week of the
second semester. The new mem-
bers will receive D as A keys in
assembly this morning.

Play Production Classes

Miss Sprenger also announced
that there will be a student-spon-
sored class for those interested in
learning about play production. The
first meeting will be Tuesday at
3:30 P. M. in the auditorium and
all those interested are urged to
attend. Miss Springer will conduct
the meetings.

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

iol‘f; CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.

PHONE 4-0247

 

 

GOOD FOOO

in n ii‘ricndiy,
Tom i‘ortable

Atmosphere

“lows

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

