 

 

 

 

Winter Sports

At the WAA Council meeting held
last Wednesday night, fall sport .
captains were announced. Plans Pass Fat TONIC:
for a WAA sports night and the
WAA tea were formulated. Volley- The afﬂuelt “0th Class“: hbf‘;
_ MARY LIZ SULLIVAN — ball as a possibility for a rivalry tween 8 S 8 er 0 asses Wee e
-. 3’. sport was considered, but no final last Wednesday. at 4230. on Page
- Too bad about there not being decision has been made, A wAA Field. The team of ’47 and ’49 de-
any more football for woman—they splash party was discussed, and pat, feated their opponent, the classes
Just love that game! Maybe we Tilden, new1y elected captain of 0f ’46 and 48. 18-12-
could use that new system here in- swimming is in charge. Other fall Both teams had a good line of
stead of touch football. The new sports captains are; defense to stop running plays, but,
system is called “look” football. In- Basketball _ Sweeney, Baker, were a little weak on passing de-
stead of touching or tackling the Quinn, fense. It was a clean, well played
member Of the 0913081118 team. the Life Saving—Craig. , game, with very few penalties being
one nearest the person who is GM" Bowling—Campbell, Winters. called. ‘
rying the ball merely looks at him Fencing—Carey, Axelrod. Sullivan kicked off for the ’46,
and it’s called a down. In this game Ping pong_wﬂkm_ ’48 team, and Dunn returned it to
it has never been known for any- Winter Sports—Tichy. the 25-yard line. From this point,
one to get hurt. One more slisht Sports Night ' the team of ’47, '49 marched down
rule—the member of the 01113081118 November 9th is the WAA Sports the field for the met Score 0f the
team must look at the opponent Night. A hayride is to be the main game. the telly coming as a re511“?
carrying the ball at the same time attraction Since about fifty peo- of a series of passes. with Nichols
he is looking at him. This natural- me have signed up to go on the and Woodworth doing the tossing.
ly results in some slight confu-‘llon hayride, several wagons will be The try for the extra point was
as some of the players in an attempt hired, After the ride, refreshments missed when Dunn‘s toss to Thayer
to make a touchdown. 80 around in will be served in the gym and cm was knoeked down-
dark glasses refusing to look at any tertainment will be provided by Woodworth kicked off and Bolles
members of the other team. Some WAA_ Just, imagine hot chocolate returned the bail to the thirty-five-
of the players may call this unfair and doughnuts after severm hours yard stripe. After two incompleted
and begin to start a rumpus—but 1n the brisk autumn. Such passes failed to net any yardage,
there’s nothing in the rules against WAA stars as Sweeney, Margot, Sullivan heaved a long one to Bol-
jt,_so all we have to do is change Mastmhgslo and Dish], producer les for the team’s first down. On
the rules and We’ll have a good Mary Seymour and General Chair- the next play Bolles, on a reverse.
system. man Betty Margot promise a gala made four yards Here the defense

. f evening. tightened and the team was forced

The Printers: by some Streak 0 wAA Tea to kick on fourth down. The quar-
fatei heppemad to be reading mi} The next, WAA event», is the wAA ter ended with the ball in the pos-
Page last week uandnthey couldnt Tea on November 15th which is a session of the Junior-Fresh team.
believe that the 3315 up here were reception for the freshmen and all Second Quarter:
really Playing fOOtPaIl- It ’50 hap' upperclassmeh interested in sports Both teams were on the defensive
Pens that they print RPIS paper This tea, is to acquaint the frosh and the ball see-sawed up one
and suddenly 8°t the bright me“ with the WAA personnel and the down the field- Mid-way through
that a game between State gms workings of WAA as one of the the quarter Woodworth intercepted
and some RP?- feumi’s W011” be. a leading organizations of State 001- a pass. leaping high into the air to
perfectly wonderful idea. We fln- lege. The various Sports will be snatch the ban from the waiting
any convmce‘i them that it woum explained and group discussions will hands 0f Vaughn He raced thirtY-
not be such a 800d idea 50 that be held at the tea Any questions five yards down the side-line and
took care of that Ju‘lgmg from the fresh have concerning WAA or crossed the coal-line standing up.
the reams 9f the la“ game ma its sports program will be answered His Pass to Duml was caught out or
was played! “3 really is a wise idea at  time. It, was suggested  the end zone and  not count.
to can Off all 5m“ games Where a fencing match be the main feat- Third Quarter:
there would.“ any type 0f rivalry ure of entertainment. A skit will WOOdWOFth “liked t0 Vaughn who
or a, determination of one team or be put on by WAA talent Mary made a beautiful runback to the
the other to win. (Some of those Quinn, .48, is general chairman of mid-field stripe. At this point the
kids still havent recavered.) the affair. Senior-Soph combination started to
Tsk Tsk Awards pull a few trick plays out of the hat,

Awards for WAA credit were dis- using fake reverses, end runs, and

Is there a gambler in the house? cussed and it was decided that the line plunges. As a result of these
’Cause if there is. We’re Willing to following awards would be given: plays they toned fifty yards to
bet that the tennis tournament Four sports for one year_01ass their first score of the afternoon,
won’t be played off this year either, numerals, Vaughn carrying it across on all
That poor chart is Just hanging Four Sports for two years—WAA end run. The try for the extra
there and no one ever writes any- Tee Shirt, pomt was batted down. The score
thing on   some one would Four sports for three years_WAA was now 12-6 in favor Of the ’47, ’49
only dig up that silver cup and key. aggregation. Holllday kicked to
shine it up, maybe that would be The award for {our sports for Woodworth, who after returning it
an incentive for those kids who four years has not been definitely “Ye yal‘dsv Slipped 011 the muedy
signed up to really play those decided upon, but there will be an gridiron. and was downed immedi-
games. There’s still only been one award this year. ateli’» 0“ the first play. ii pass
little play-off and the first round The Council was of the opinion from Woodworth intended for Grif~
was supposed to have been played that this fall and winter sports pro- fin. was intercepted by Bolles. who
off by the middle of this week— grain is general enough to appeal ran it me“ ten yal'ds- Here- be-
there goes a perfectly good tennis to a majority of the student body. cause of the advantage of weight.
toumamenp. _____.__ the Junior-Fresh team stopped all

running plays, and gained posses-
About Basketball sion of the ball as the quarter end-

Then there's that little matter COMP JOI’II‘IStOﬂ ed.
about basketball that everybody Fourth Quarter:
had counted on so much this year. R I  d Dunn passed to Woodwortll for
Seems as though the plays that are u es ange eight yards and on the next play
being put on are taking all the

tossed to Woodworth for a first
The followin new rules were .
available men that would be used made for futugre mm to Camp down- Nichols was the next receiv-
for basketball so the fellows can’t Johnston:

or for Dunn’s bullet-like pass net-
come to practice. Well the play's 1' No person may go to Camp

Sullivan, Nichols

 

 

 

ting ten yards. Woodworth then

the thing they say, and we spppose Johnston on WAA mane more on took over the passing position and
there will be another year of plays one time during the 3year. t'Il‘1hlS ﬁﬂ‘g’waggie? £151? “(1 for SlxNR‘K'Cis
“Pd .n° basketball' Last year we “119 would allow more people to get skirted left end for t gwn'd Cd 05
didnt have the men, this year we the benefits of WAA money_ the next In asc (ill tyeé1 iflflin fOil
have. State wants a team and we 1N0 WAA credit Wm be given e1 m MCI]; yan taee “$11111 n 01
could have' m well how abom it for mp5 to camp JOhnSton' How“ tlge fillet dowan The ball ocml'segud
“HOW—lets get “Ding. ever' “lose Who needed one more on the three-yard line TDewSeflsloi'.
Suggestions 32:1: Wm Estalfgﬁgd  13:? 80th team, held for two downs, and

._ , the third down a short pass from
We keep getting more suggestions! ing to Camp Johnston. on . _. ‘ ‘

Wanna hear ’em. Well—one is that 3. Camp Johnston captains are maﬁawglfgldgwfhégln“500’? 1m?
we have a joke section on fourth Van Auken. ’47, and Boyenton, '43: Fresh 3 und 1 w unm-
page. Now we don't exactly know and one of theh must accompany Nichoﬂs k'icked off It . t1)
how to take this suggestion, but the all groups going to the cmnp_ How. muchdown and B0119 flu 9:1 l 
general idea is that we set aside a over if neither of the captains are ,0 the mm _ m “‘1‘: 10$:ng l
few inches each week and use old, able to go, they may appoint a minutes wng 13:1“ r t Elia m 1:6):
new (and maybe otherwise) “funny member of WAA Council to go in .48 team b r 5t o I? "5" 1. 1'9 .1
remarks" taken from other papers. their place. 8) rde b esbaﬁl OHIO H ethliKv
OK. if you really want to laugh. 4. All groups desiring to go 5,302.0; (my a“  lid-Stilt, lt‘lley
Another bright idea is that we start Camp Johnston must first secure ‘Nlch ls s 1 “fl L y_yf1‘““ (f1 E”
a gossip column. Now whether that the permission of Mary Seymour. Lumierr Salli n "lekilllkoubl 0 lie-
was meant for fourth page or not WAA President, and must post a r ,l: Lu] lVillllS ? . loll lg
who knows - got any dirt Myrt? list on the bulletin board at least Pam“ “lull (“Wile tie scolt 18-1
Anwyay, to get back to the point, two weeks in advance of the trip. n “M” 0‘ me Junlm'F‘Obh Lem“
whaddaya think? Should we tell This is to insure the group of their "'

 

 

jokes? date iilltd to give WAA time to ap~ .
pi'opl' ti o money for tl‘c tl'i).
“Mutton 5. A minimum of ten pcolplc and "I Fl  & 

And did we mention how nice the it maximum of twenty may go to
WAA bulletin board looks—we did! Cami) Johnston at one time. This
Well that's O.K.. We'll mention it is 50 all People who want lo go
again—because it certainly does. have a chance and the WAA money
That is the reason why everybody is able to benefit a greater number

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED 1906 PHONE #2030
IB'I CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. v.

 

 Plans  - ’49) Football Team
SPIC'SI’PWY'TW' Beats Senior-Sopll Squad

0a.... [m

Even though the outlook for var-
sity basketball for the first sem-
ester is doubtful, there will be an
intensive intramural schedule. The
all stars of this intramural pro-
gram, will make up a varsity team
that will play a light schedule sec-
ond semester.

Varsity basketball could begin
first semester if MAA could get
some cooperation from other organ-
izations as well as from some of the
fellows. It’s too bad when there are
some fellows who are willing to give
up all outside activities to make a
promise a reality, that there must
be others who refuse to give up
anything.

Basketball used to be a part of
State and could again be if some
co—operation were shown.

Sister Classes

To Play Again

The return game between the
class of ’47-’49 and ’46-'48, will be
played next Wednesday at 4:30 on
Page Field.

It is expected that the same line-
up will be used as in the previous
game last Wednesday. If both
teams play as well as they did Wed-
nesday, it should prove to be an
exciting game, possibly with a dif-
ferent outcome. The Senior-Soph
combination had a few trick plays
which they used to their best ad-
vantage in making their first score
of the afternoon. If these plays are
blocked by the frosh-Junior squad
next Week and no new plays are us-
ed, then the outcome of the game
will be definitely towards ’47-’49.

The ’47-’49 rooters will be count-
ing on Woodworth, Thayer, Dunn
and Nichols to come through with
several touchdowns, while the Sen-
iors and Sophs expect to see some
fast passing and running executed
by the Sullivan, Bolles and Vaughn
trio.

All in all, it promises to be a very
good game so come on out kids,
bring some peanuts and watch the
game.

Worriers Bow

lo Passing Skill

Tuesday afternoon on the dorm
field Sullivan's Streaks defeated
Woodworth's Warriors, 32-12. in a
loosely played game. This was the
second game on the MAA intra-
mural football schedule to be play-
ed

Throughout the game Sullivan
and Nichols played outstanding on
the offense. Griffin and Thayer
stood out as defensive players.

Woodwortil, leading his Warriors,
was outstanding in all respects.
McCarthy played a good defensive

e.
Streaks' Victory

The Streaks victory was due to
the excellent running plays by
Nichols and Sullivan, and the
passes by Nichols where were clev-
erly executed from spread forma-
tion.

The Warriors had a disadvantage
of weight and couldn’t stop the on-
l'usillng attack of Sullivan's Streaks.
Clever Passing

Most of the scoring iii the game
was the result of passes. Sullivan
passed to Nichols, Nichols passed
back to Sullivan, who ran for El.
touchdown. Thuycr tossed the ball
to Griffin for another goal. More
clever passing was executed before
cucll of the other three scol'lllgs,
the bull being carried over the goal
line by Nichols. The two extra
points were made by Tiliiyel'. Both
touchdowns for the Warriors were
made by Woodwortll.

iiicE ALLEYS_

Western & Quail
150 a game for school leagues
from 0 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

Slate Maidens Say Ya Ya
To Nefherland invaders ,

It seems that the Netherlands
have invaded our fair city of
Albany. A number—four to be
exact—of Dutch Merchant Ma-
rine Officers have been escort-
ing fair State maidens about.
WAA credit will be given to the
select few who bring in the
most Hollanders. Such a com-
petitive sport would be a stim-
ulating addition to the Associ-
ation and an advantage to the
more fortunate individuals.
Losers, don’t be blue, “Things
are tough in Holland, too."
Unquote.

One of these sea-farers said,
“Why, We never been kissed by
anyone except Mai” One was
blond and three were brunettes.
There Just wasn’t any saucy
little red-head!

Place all applications for the
contest on the Sports Desk.
Hoyai Hoyai

 

Swimming Class
In The Swim

If you should hear discussions
around school about the wonderful
times had swimming the last week
or so, don’t be alarmed. No one is
dipping into the ice cold water of
the six-mile water works or other
nearby bodies of water, they are
members of the lucky 40 club who
go swimming at the Jewish Com-
munity Center on Tuesday and
Thursday nights.

Marion Craig, ’48, in charge of
life saving classes, says that so
many have signed up, that they
have had to divide the class into
two sections. The beginners meet
on Tuesday night at 7 o’clock and
the more advanced class at 7 o’clock
on Wednesday.

Swimming Camp

Each year, one member of the
class is chosen to go to swimming
camp during the summer. This
camp is set up for the purpose of
increasing enthusiasm among col-
lege students for swimming as a
sport. Representatives from various
colleges in New York attend the
camp. Upon completion of the
course, they are qualified to in-
struct Senior Life Saving. Prere-
quisites for the course are a sur-
face dive executed from the edge of
the pool and swimming 400 yards
which is about the length of the
pool.

Strokes and Techniques

The first few lessons are concern—
ed with perfecting strokes. 0n per-
fecting the crawl, side stroke and
breast stroke, along with getting
used to the flutter kick, our enthu-
s;usts are ready to learn the dif-
ferent holds used in the rescuing of
drowning people. Then comes the
written test on technical perfection.
After that comes the actual use of
the techniques learned — the stu-
dents “save” the instructor. If all
goes well, graduation is held in 17
weeks. Sounds hard? It; is. It
takes perserverance to go to the
pool for 17 weeks—especially when
it's cold. Then the ice and wind do
their part in chilling a great deal
of the enthusiasm. A Senior Life
Saver really earns her badge and
shield. At the end of three years,
the physical test must be passed
again in order to renew the certi-
ficate.

With such a large class this year.
it is hoped the enthusiasm the class
has begun with will be maintained
so that next year there will be 40
new Life Savers to grace the beaches
during vacation.

This certificate has been found
to be all excellent aid ill getting a
Job as counselor at a. summer camp
or [as a life guard at a summer re-
sor .

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

210 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

milﬁ CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y,
PHONE 4-0247

 

 

 

 

keeps signing up. Well goodl of people.

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YO‘l‘iRPFRIDAY, OCTOBER 56. 1945

ALBANY. N. Y.- :

 

  
  
   
  

FOR TEAC

'iomros: ’
.1 DAY 2. .
AWEEK-END ’1

val..xxx up. is“ ’“ 7

e 

 

Seniors

Present First Big 8 Toni

 

Campus NightClimaxes Weekend EVents

"Blue Devil Club" To Open In Gym At 8:39 P.M.
Featuring Floor Sliow, Dancing, Bridge, CabaretStyle

Assembly Today
To Include SA,

Class Elections
Financial Resolutions

To Be Discussed; Voting
For Campus Queen

Members of Student Association
will vote for Campus Queen and re-
vote for a member of the Student
Board of Finance from the Class of
’47 in Assembly today. Members of
the Sophomore Class will elect a
vice-president and delegate to Stu-
dent Council, nlid two financial reso—
lutions will also be brought before
the assembly.

Voting will be conducted on the
following financial resolution pre-
sented last week by Philip Lashin-
sky, ’47: “Be it resolved that: The
sum of $12 be taken from the Stu-
dent Association Surplus Fund to re-
imburse Shirley Passow for expenses
incurred last Spring by the Veterans’
Entertainment Troupe."
Resolutions

A resolution spllsored by Student
Council will be read by Gerhard
Weinberg, ’47, Vice-president of Stu-
dent Association, as follows: “Be it
resolved that: The sum of $2,000 be
taken from the Student Association
Surplus Fund and be added to the
Student Union Fund.” The surplus
now totals over $4,700.

A great number of blank ballots
from the freshmen class has neces-
sitated a remix: for the member of
Student Board of Finance from the
Class of '47. Tile tabulation of last
week’s election is Oil Page 5. The
assembly will also vote for a Campus
Queen who will be chosen from the
five nominees elected in Assembly
last Friday. Tile candidates are Mrs.
Helen Slack Sllul'e, Harriet Brink-
lllan. Gellieve Stiles, Mary Louise
Casey, and Barbara Reiff.

Members of the Class of ‘48 will
vote today for a vice-president and
a delegate to Student Council. Nonl-
inees are posted on the Bulletin
Board ill Housted.

Rules

New rules for electing attendants.
pages. and ushers for the lllllllllll
Campus Day event were announced
at Student Council meeting Wednes-
day night. They arc:

(C(Hlllliiwd (ill 1mm: 1,, Col. 31

 

Alumni Association
Plans Luncheon

Tile Eastern Bl'illlCll of tile Alum-
ni Association will hold ll luncheon
meeting, Siltul'dily. Jilnlllli'y 12, at
12:30 P. M. Pi'l'h‘li‘ll‘lll of this
bl'illlcil of tile Associillioil, Mrs.
Gollovicvc Simily Moore of the
Millie High School i'ilculLy, will
preside lit the illl'(.‘Llilg, Miss
Blanche Avci'y of the College Fuc—
lllty is treasurer of llll‘ group.
Miss Holcu Moore, lllClllbUl‘ of the
Class of ‘24, will li(l(ll'l'SS Llil‘. moot—
illg. Miss Moore was l‘ol'illcl'ly ll
illlssiouul'y ill Jlipilll. Al. the lid-
Vcllt of the Will' she was illtol'ilcd
ill the luminous Sullto Tomas
prison camp. Sullto Toullis, scene
of many Japanese bl'utiliiiilrs, is
sillllltcd ill the center of Milllllu.
Before conversion by tho Jups it
was ll l'iiillous cullugo noted for its
beautiful buildings llll(l cumulus.
Miss Moore will relate her own
experiences us u prisoner of Will'
to her fellow ululilllllc lllvilibcl's.
Presently at home ill Alblllly,
Miss Moore expects to do further
studying lit Columbia University
llcxt sclilcstcl'.

 

Ghostly Night Promised
For Hallowe’en Spirit

Is that a ghost over there?
Or a spook perhaps? Just
around the corner is Hallowe’en
——the day of days—when spooks
and ghosts run rampart, when
everyone puts on strange cos-
tumes and wears a mask to
hide their familiar faces, and
when no one knows or cares
who it is, so long as he remains
disguised and unknown.

Here at State there’ll be fun
and frolic for all the spooks.
Last week the Classes of ’47
and ’49 had a Barn-Dance
Party completely decorated
with all the Hallowc’en trilli-
mings. Tonight the Seniors will
present the first Big-8 of the
season in a true atmosphere of
the ghostly night, including
cornstalks and pumpkins. Alld
last. but not least, many group
houses will celebrate the great
great day with costume parties
next week.

SCA To HOld
College Sunday
In Trinity Church

Student Christian Association will
close Campus Day week-end with
the traditional State College Slin-
day at the Trinity Methodist
Church on the corner of Lark and
Lancaster Streets. Tile service will
be held at 11:00 AM.

As iii the past. the service will
be conducted mainly by State Col-
lege students. The opening address
will be a greeting by Harriet Brink-
lnan, ‘46, President; of SCA. As is
customary, Dr. John M. Sayles,
President of the College, will read
the passages from the scriptures.
Tile pastor of the Trinity Methodist
Church. Dr. Gocwy, will deliver the
sermon.

General Chilll‘llllul

Virginia Greelllllll, '46, has been
appointed general chairman of the
event. Mervin McClintock, ’48, is ill
(.‘lllll'gC of the toll State College men
who will llSllel‘. Alice Knapp, ’47,
the director of the CllOll‘, has illi-
lluullcod lililt the chair will ill-
cludc Chill-les Bl‘lil‘l'lsky, a graduate
student: Richard Smith. Alice
Knapp. Hili'clrl Weber. Mary Ellen
Telillll, illld VLrgilliil anlVl'llllkcn,
Juniors; Alice Williams, Justine
MillOllcy, and Beverly Bistl‘off, So-
])llOIllOl'os; and Reggie Bailonbilck,
JCilli Hill'l'is, Barbara Houcll, Mll-
l‘lL‘l Dlu’ls, Mill'y Bctll Osborne,
Wilma Whitney, Lorraine Prily,
Jillch Lewis. .1011“ Wurzlcr, and
Sandy Monroe, freshmen. Tile
Cliilll‘, which will sing ill the pro-
cussimlill. will l'f‘llfll‘l‘ leo ililtllcllls
during lilo SL‘i'ViCU, llild will unite
with llll! l'cguliil' church choir ill
singing llll‘ ilylllils. Bill'biil'il Cur-
l'icl', ‘40. is (.‘llilll'lllilll of tho publi-
city (‘Ollllllllll‘l‘ \litil Joy Buckcl's,

 

Miss lil'lllkmilil liiiH lii'god tilill.
llll Slzllll Chill-oil students lllll.l’ll(l
fills Hi‘i'\'l(‘(‘. Slll‘ ilus illlilouilccd
Lllzli. lilo (‘liill'l‘ pl'ogi'ulll will be
bi'oudcilsi i)\’i‘i' HllillOll WOKO,
Aiblllly.

Hayes Schedules Meetings

i’l'isl-ilill Huyl's. '46. President of
Rl‘Sldl‘lli'l‘ (.Jiiulii-il, ilils llllllilulli'cd
tilili illi‘lfllllllﬁ will be held twice ll
l'iloilill; “10 first 'l‘ilui'sduy of (.110
illuillii ill 4:30 PM. in Room 111
and llli‘ lilil'd 'l‘ilul'scllly ill 7:30
PM. ill the Illgic Rilolll ill Picl'cc.
’i‘ilcsc lulu-tings lll'u opened to tile
wilolc Student Body.

 

Senior President

 

JAMES MINER

 

Students Named

For Dean’s List

Registrar Posts Names

For '44-'45 Semester

Elizabeth Villl Dcnbul'gh, Regis-
trar, has released the Dean’s List
for the second semester, 1944-1945.
In the Class of 1945, 41% were on
the Dean's List; 34.627}. of the Class
of 1946; 24% of the Class of 1947;
and 20.2% of the Class of 1948.
Class of 194."):

Jalch Bl'llmlil, Jane Cheney,
Jeullettc H. Cosgl‘avc, Elizabeth
Cottl'cll, Babette Davis, Marian E.
Davis, M. Isabelle Davis, Mario
DcCllcllc, Margaret Dee, Anna Dil-
1011, Ruth Donovan, Elaine Dl'ooz,
Mlli'lOll Duffy, Mlll'llyll Ebcl', Grace
Fielder, Ruth Fillc, Agnes Fitzpat-
l'.ck, Doris FIClSl'llllilll, Allllc Fritz,
Halon Fritz. Dulclo Gale, Florence
Gill'fllll, Cecile Goidbcl'gci', Florence
Graham, Mlll'llyll Guy, Eleanor
Hllyl'sllp, Roilli Hoilllg‘. Marie Hilli-
ll‘i', JOllll Hyiilld. Mnl‘tllll. Joyce,
Allll chlllc, Mill'illll Klock, Margo
Kl'lkkcl', M. Lorc Kullll, Anitll
Leone, Jellll Lillcilul't, Margaret
Lougillill. Jllcquciillo Monigolllol'y,
Lofty Pilllllulocr, Mii'luill Quilllilll,
Joull Quiilil, Helen Rllllil‘otil, Alice
Rnyllur, Hazel Rcvoll, Dolores Rop-
kc, Mili'gucrilc Rouciliiud, Clill‘il
Ryder. Mill'gill'ol. Scliloi.l., Mill‘gul'ct
Svyi'i'cl't, Gl'lllfl‘ Sillllis, chillil
Silllvski, John Smith, Pllyilis Sny-
(ll‘i'. Robert Sill-lislcy. Louise Stone,
Rosilrul Ti'llsso, Josupillilc VillL‘lIM‘,
Beilll'icu Wllvcil-i', Elh‘li‘ Whipple,
Aullvs Willem, Gl‘l'll'iull‘ Yllllowll’ll.
(‘liiss of HMS:

It‘lllllvl' Albl'igill. Mildred Ansel-
lili‘llt, Mildred Bili'llill'd, Rose Bl‘ldl,
JUiiil Iii-l‘bl'lcil, I'llll'l'lCl. Briliklllilll,
Mllill'l‘fl Bl‘llilll'l', Mili'iilll I. Clll'll‘l',
lllllil Clissilvullt, Rlilll Colviil, Mill's
lull-y Cl‘iillll‘l‘, Mlli'illililc Davis,
Killllll‘l‘ll Di‘ROlldl‘, Elizabeth Dor—
lllllll, l’llll'liflll Dullillilg, 'I‘ilcllllil
Elliott, C. Filizubolll Fullst, Putl'lciil
Fi‘i‘llllll, Alull‘uy li‘i'l'i'is, Jl‘llll Fliilll,
l‘ll‘l'lil‘l‘l l“()l‘(l, .iulill (llioi'lls. Tlil‘l'l‘Sil

Giliusol‘l, Nl-iliir (liod. Vil'gilllii
('il'ci-llmulll. .ll-llil Griffin, Ellullbotll
l'lllllilllilll. Pl'iscillll IIilyos, Mill'-

jill'll'. Huulvy, Doris lvcs. Roberto
.llibsoil, Audrey Johnston, Adult.-
Klislil'l'. llcvvi'ly lliilii. ‘lclli'gvilc
lull'cuky, Wiliiulll Mllilci'y, Niluilli

(Uiillllllillfll (Ill Mom 5, 00!. /,I

General Chairman

MARIANNE DAVIS

 

llluzillliilg

Cuillplls

Dean Gildersleeve Speaks
On Post War Teachers

Dean Virginia Gildel'sleeve of
Barnard College, spoke Wednes-
day night ill Chancellor's Hall
on some of the particulars of
the San Francisco Conference,
also of fill International Social
and Welfare Council which has
been formed. Dean Gildel'sleeve
believes that the teachers insti-
tulions which are training the
teachers of tomorrow, will play
3 very illlporiant part in this
council. Ill her estimation, ii; is
the job of these institutions to
train their teachers so that they
may educate the next generation
ill thoughts of international
peace rather than ill war.

Campus Commission

To Use Excess Profit

Cillilplls C(lllllllission received por-
llllllsioll of ii meeting of the Stu-
dlllli. Filliilll'l‘ Bourd Wednesday to
11:»0 lilo llcculilulillod profits from
running the coke machine and the
Used Book Exchange
pilll‘S for llll‘ lllilllcogrupli machine
ilild to provide keys for the mem-
lJl‘l'S (if Cillllpus Commission.
Tlil‘ keys will be awarded to the
Sl‘llllll‘ lllid Jllilior lllcnlbol's this
your, lllld iicl'liilfllll‘ only to the four
lllombci's on Moving-Up
Dlly. The design for the keys was
llllllll‘ by Lollil Tisclllei', ’45, last
yours (il'illld Mlll‘sllllll.
'l‘ilv Studoill. Association lllllllco-
ui'lllili llillclillll‘. ill the Publications
Office was lillil‘ll ovcr lust your by
Colllilllssiou, and the
money lll‘l‘fll‘ll fol repairs amounted
to $7.80.
The excess profits, i1])])l‘0xlllllll.01y
$00 this your. illlvo been turned
()\'l‘i' lo Wllr Acill'itii's Council ill
|)l'l‘\'lllllh' yvili's. Since this organ-
.zulioil illls boon dissolved. Cuillpils
Ciliiilllllislilli will include the lip-
pl'cpl'iilllllil for the keys ill its
budng lil‘.\il yl-lll‘ illld will turn
buck llli.‘ profits ll) Llli‘ Student
Assiu'ililioil.

'I‘o (‘Iloilso l)ll‘0('ll)l'_\’ (‘iivei'

Agnes Young, ‘46, Iildilol'-ill-Cilicf
(if llil‘ l)lRl‘lC'l‘ORY., lllls lllliloullccd
llliil :1 group of Numbers and sili-
(ll‘lllh‘ will choose llll‘ cover design
Millldlly from those sublllillcd by
llil‘ classics of Ill'l students ill Miss
Rlllil lluicllllis’ doplil'tllleilt.

to cover re-

Floor Show To Provide
Music, Skit, Dancing;
Davis Directs Program

The Senior Class will officially
open the first of the Big-8 Pro-
grams with the Blue Devll Club,
which will be held tonight at 8:30
P. M. in Page Hail gym, sponsored
by the Class of ’46.

The gym will be decorated in
cabaret style, with fifty tables
around the gym floor. The tables
will be decorated with colored crepe
paper and an illuminated pumpkin.
Pumpkins ill the corners and
orange and black crepe paper
streamers on the walls will create
the general atmosphere. In keep-
ing with the cabaret plan, the en-
tertainment will be in the form of
a floor show with a series of con-
nected acts.

Floor Show

Tile nine o’clock floor Show of
the Blue Devil Club in the South
American manner will feature Jim
Miner who will sing “Tico Tico;"
Genevir e Stiles singing “Green
Eyes;” and “You Belong To My
Heart" rendered by Agnes Young
and Hal Weber. Elizabeth Hamil-
ton and Philip Lashinsky, ’47, will
provide the rhythmic music. Dur-
ing the show Muriel Navy will play
several numbers, including a South
American selection and a boogie-
woogie number. The Spanish chorus
will round out the first show with
“Down Argentine Way” and “Cau-
ga.” Members of the ‘chorus’ are
Mary Louise Casey, Genevieve Sa-
bntini, Betty Hamilton, Dorothy
Myles, Margery Cramer, Barbara
Reiff and Marianne Davis. ,
Between the floor shows there
will be refreshments, bridge and
dancing. Mary Bess Vernoy will
direct games designed for the audi-
ence’s participation, which will in~
clude ducking for apple for a nomi-
nal fee. Cigarette girls will make
their way through the audience
with cigarettes, candy and gum,
and barmaids dressed in white
blouses. black skirts and orange
aprons will preside over the coke
and other refreshments, consisting
of older and donuts.

Second Show
Following the games, the “Indian

Love Call" will usher in the second
show at eleven. Joan Mather will
sing “Lullaby of Broadway." Miss
Casey and Genevieve Sabatiriiwill
do a "Southern SoftsSlloe Shuffle"
ill the black face act.‘ A small skit,
featuring Terry Elliot and Ruth
Elgic imitating a witch and a little
girl. has been written to present
ll novelty
floor show.
“Big 3," "Atchcson, Topeka and the
Santa Fe" will be sung by the
chorus to complete the entertain-
mcnt.

introduction to each
“Pouyboy” and the

(CON/lil'lcd on. pagc 1,, Col. 5)

 

Circulation
Nlcll's will hold cub classes each
Tuesdin from 12:00-12:30 RM. in
Room 111.
classes is compulsory.

News To Hold Cub Classes

The Business, Advertising, and

Departments of the

Attendance at these

Clib classes for the freshmen who

lll'i.‘ trying out for the Editorial
Stuff ill-c also held at this time in
Room 206. i

The purpose of the classes is to

ilcquaint those trying out .with the
policies of the NEWS and to instruct
illcill lll the procedure to follow in
making up an issue. The training
and experience to be gained in cub
classes are necessary for anyone
who wishes to make the News

 

     
    
 
       
 

 

 

 

 

HM»..- -.... “N... ......... .. .,.,~.,....

