  

     



A  -  cm i Sophomores Show Spiri

lbw My .
'44“!

By Gsonon uses

In our first crack at a column we.
Would like to follow in the foot-
steps of an illustrious predecessor,
Bert Kiley, and digress a bit from
the world of sports. Bert was ever
fond of touching on events that
were of universal interest to the
college. Among them was Myskania,
and that shall be our topic for
totfhaycouple of weeks ago Kippy
Marsh unleashed a blast against
cliques and such. While we didnt
agree with everything that Kippy
wrote, it did result in one of the
best moves that Myskania has ever
made, the abandoning of their black
robes during assembly programs.
This unfrocking still leaves Myska-
nia all of its powers to govern. It
in no way handicaps the functioning
of the organization. It’s only ef.
feet is to make Friday assemblies a
much pleasanter hour, brought
about by the bright appearance of
the girl’s best Sunday dresses.

The girls now look like human
beings, not like a string of pen-
guins when they appear in assembly.
In spite of this pleasant change
there are some people who dont
think much of the whole deal. They
have been circulating a petition
which requests that Myskania climb
back into their robes and become
the superbly segregated group that
they have always been. Why? Do
these people get a vicarious charge
out of the weekly procession. Or,
better still, do we detect that well
known gleam in their eyes?

We think that all the furor over
the unfrocking is nothing more
than a tempest in a tea pot. Myska-
nia is made up of a bunch of good
looking femmes who shouldbe al-
lowed to show off along With the
rest. Leaving off the robes gives
them an opportunity that can’t be
beat. It all adds up to the unalter-
able fact that Myskania, sans robes,
is in the better interests of all con-
cerned. Let’s let the matter rest.

—— By MARY LIZ SULLIVAN —

That just about takes care of the
Myskania defrocking issue and we
will be on hand to carry our dear
colleague out of school this after-
noon. Meanwhile, we think well
follow up our love for WAA.

The spirit of the houses, whose
teams are in the basketball league
this year, seems to have hit an all
time high. Take Stokes for ex-
ample-«last week when they played
KD just about the whole house
turned out—and that's including the
house mother and her son. Not
that we're advocating family turn-
outs for these games, but just the
same a little support does make the
team feel better. Gamma Kap and
Newman's cheerers can frequently
be seen sitting on the sidelines
beating the benches whenever their
teams fail to keep a twenty point
lead over the opposing team. But
then. some teams are naturally
goodl

Then there's the old question of
being on time for the games or for-
feiting them. It hardly seems fair
to the team who manages to get all
their players there, to be faced with
deciding whether they should play
with three or five players; or having
roving centers as was done Monday
night in two of the three games
played. There's no reason that one
girl should wear herself out during
one of these games which, after all.
should be more of a period of recre~
ation than of pure murder. Anybody
who saw the Newman-Phi Delt game
we're sure would agree with this.

In our congratulations depart-
ment we'd like to give some pats
on the back to a few of the mem-
bers of our illustrious staff. who
have been keeping their eyes glued
to score books and watches during
several basketball games, so that in
some cases two gals have had to
watch the games!

This is going to sound odd but~
congrats to George Ilcss’s Flushes
who havo swept into second place
in the MAA bowling league. (wen,
you'd say it too if Hess stood over
you with a P.O. desk in one hand
and the filing cabinet in the othem
So weakened as we are with lack of
sleep and loss of blood. we can just
master ‘nuff energy to say—have
a nice Easter vacation.

 

 

STA'IE

In Blazing Sport Career

COLLEGE NEVIS, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, ms

t . Spam ’RW-W‘d. WAA. League

Des ite concentrated cramming . C
for mfd-sems this week, sport play-  I.
offs have kept up to—if not ahead
of their schedules. We find Ray

I
Weiss still ahead in the ping-pong Fmals Approach

 

Rivalry Score Pr|oves
i

Grcm ns Aihciic Skill

The first blow to the athletic
hopes‘of the men of ’47 came when
they discovered that there ware so
few men in the Class of ’46. This
kept the freshmen men from throw-
ing their full weight into rivalry.
This initial handicap did not keep
them from entering wholeheartedly
into all the other sports that were
offered.

Football, basketball and softball
were kept alive by the participation
of the freshmen. It was in football
that ’47 really was strong, this
strength holding over to this fall
when the fellows of ’47 hung the
first rivalry defeat on the freshmen.
The big gun for ’47 in all sports was
Bob Dickinson. He starred in all
three, and because of these efforts
he was elected MAA director for
this year.

Basketball was taken over by the
women in the class. Here they re-
ally hit the top, winning two out of
the three games played and gaining
threepcints for rivalry. Baker was
high in the first game with 18
points, and Russo came through
with 23 in the second. And the
class was really proud when Swee-
ney was elected the outstanding
basketball player of the season,
earning for herself the title of “best
dribble-snatcher” on the court.

This was just the beginning
though for a spirited sports career
'in their second year.

The first rivalry sports event was
the men’s football game, ending in
a shut-out victory for the Sophs,
and incidentally, 2% rivalry points.

Campus Day, featuring both MAA
and WAA athletics, gave both class-
es an equal number of rivalry
points. November 8, brought Arch-
cry—the first time it has ever been
played for rivalry points. Bodach,
Tomasik and Palmatier, were the 47
mainstays in chalking up another
point for the Sophs. The hockey
event the next week gave the Sophs
two more points as they shut-out
the frosh 2-0.

The basketball games were—as
far as playing goes—merely a repet-
ition of last year's speed, passwork
and spirit. Russo was undisputedly
the star of the rivalry basketball
games. In the first game she scored
17 of the 25 points and topped this
score by gaining 19 of the 26 points
in the second.

Three more points were won by
the Sophs last Friday, when the
Soph girls defeated the fresh in
bowling. The men’s score was a tie
and the play-off game deciding
three more points is scheduled for
today. Rivalry swimming and soft-
ball have yet to be played.

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

tori/é CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

 

 

6000 FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

 9‘
WESTERN AT
QUAIL.

in ames won and
so G i r I S  i n fgufgifiﬁingﬁggfih Thgere’s one more Last weellg‘s schtiegiulepvlvlaf1 5:123:21;
' inal ed, as the ynam ers 5
game to be played before the f m l t 15 seconds
to be of Psi Cam in e as
0 game—which should prove ’ h defeating them 6.5-
‘ . bettin l Hilts of t e game
  Eggniffgdklgﬁse rifle gets ﬁer name Herlihy tossed in“? poigtgriiﬁréegh:
d th e in every week for ping-pong—and rinrifrlshwél‘iriile Co er co

The Green Gl‘emlil‘s a?“ r is people keep kidding her about it. ms atISM“11y afternoon two games
more paints to the“ “Yul” sec 6 You see! that’s what keeps people ‘ f f lted Wren. gave up to
the Sophomore womens team li¥erg from playing off those rounds I ’ , ¥eie or Necre .and ME?” forrenea
ally bowled the frosh squad over as gee Hut, what can we do__you re torl‘r/ilmyl M The only game played
Friday afternoon at the Playdium. captain, Tell you ,a secreFRa’y- g taffetaméon was the Newman-
ITho the men's mamh ended ‘2 fl mond beat her last week and we re t a a aeme Russo spark-plugged
tie, tihei soplfiomorefstefmfggffigt til: not putting her nagw m ans, :nore— RaereNegwman team totaling 16 of

super or W w en a . ust for spite. In t e secon rames, _ . 1
first game by 14 points they spurteél ive ﬁnd that Cohen beat Now; Com the? £2?“ ﬁgéngéregavidson cha ked
ahead to a 77 pmlead i-n thehsieifnt' nor lost to Bushnell and Lengyel “DMonga anemooﬁ saw the fast
a promismg record With W c .0 defeated Tishler. Weiss beat Cohen Km}. Kids team almost
enter the play-off match this after- in the ﬁrsmmrd round playoff. Eéggnga snug-out game aver the
' AerrOd keeps yelling' “only three AEPhi’ers. Shapiro entered the
In the womens division last wleiel; more weeks; only two more weeks,,_ game at the beginning of the sec-
Sue Campbell was individual . g1 and now WS just one more week_so 0nd half, making a tom of 5 mints
scorer for the ﬁrSt game and Tulluy if you have any ideas at a“ about for her team. The Whiz Kids won
smith for the secon’d. Marcm Hcl 5’ coming out for renaing' better do it 28-5, Tildon still being high scorer

one Of the saphs be“ bgw 315' now before it’s too late. They’re or her team with 22 points.

found her record “meta? t y N: still thinking about having bouts, The most amazing game that has
bleed donation She made a mo after Easter. with some La Salle been played so far in the league, was

lllghesfﬂfiricllgh  made the fence” and that Shoum be fun‘ It the second game Monday afternoon
Individual scores were as follow:
SOPHS

Was laSt year- betWeen three members of KD's
Just so you wont forget—here’s team and Stokes Hall. This game
110 the baSketball SChEdme for 58W!“ certainly showed some wonderful

  
  

campen  103 day: team spirit on the part of Day,
Ivlﬁlll‘Zoiii'Be 99 2300—Ral'es VS Gamma Kap- O'Grady and Young. These gals

94 2:40—T0mmy More VS Phi Deni- played both the foreward and guard
3315—W1'en VS Chi Slg- positions throughout the entire
There are still a few matches left game. During the last four minutes

Van Gelder
Smith ................. ..

 

    
  
  

.  43 547 in the bowling tournament. Every- of the game Stokes fought hard but
Tom]  5 body is excited about who the win- the KDs really WentTtr? towriril.e tails-1
Worth ........ ..  113 83 ner of the cup will be. Phi Delt mg the Sam? 2313- tleSdgis final
Sylvestri 126 98 was the successful team last year. not, hOWeVeL1 ehcglll‘: not counted
Ward '78 105 with Psi Gam and Chi Sig as run- since three tpayeiihe rule book
Fischer  81 104 ners-up. The way scores stand now, as suffrcreni—hi‘n u N wman S ad
Osborne ..  103 113 it looks as though Phi Delt may (1031;185:811; gem.“ 1:3” it; a scorcé of
Total — ﬂ keep the cup this yea“, so fal they 20-14. Russo was high scorer for

 501 503 are undefeated. I I I _
On both teams although individual Gmden med to sneak up a swm}- Newman1 with 192 $3,131th sciéirdtefeyi'n
scores reversed in the second game, ming notice on the WAA gulletm moui,bp ayingf the third guard for
the gains were equalized by the Board to the effect that—'sw1mming the 1213  d u 13 for her team.
losses and the total pinnage re- is helg £1561in agdbllii‘é'ugrgtshfrggq P ri‘hee S,ecoslsd gapne mawmd the
mained fair] constant. 3230- : a re u ' , . _ . A ‘ .

In the first game James Whytock 3, on Central Avenue _ m was way Raﬁesiantd tTgrnligyEdMo/iigéoggﬁssfogtg
and Hank Farley tied for high scorer down in the corner, but wegaw rt La e seitt et d .Jigte the last quarter
but in the second Whytock proved anyway, 10 hours of swlmm111g aye the cpnfsu egqregwmcﬁ left the
to be the undisputed champion of necessary in order too receive credit. tillea 0 le «

     
  

" ' ' gent, in score 10—9. .
ml: gllvllidual "cores for men'  lncmde hows M The KD team was incomplete for
n JSOPHS Don't forget to stop at the stamp Ellell' Iglamshivtvtiég Eagleivsiglgtlleenlfg
'- orwa' s
Kaufman  117 101 booth this week. and buy some "t. d won the game 19—5
' 125 161 storms. WAA still has charge of 130511011 all I -
$28311? H 101 114 the dooth and will have it Monday The Sayleh Hall squadlputsup es
Mallery' 113 — and Tuesday of next week too, Who fine fight despite then incxpeuenc
Whytock 160 224 knows? Maybe if you dig deep 11118-111). d i m were
Hess . — 133 enough WAA will give you credit The games Weanes ﬂy 11% r

~—— —-——-— ' ' ([11 won by large margins. In the
for buying. _ l i ir
. 1 Cl 1' 1 . ¢ 1'  c r 1 In t K In 1  D . ‘ _ 1
Total    h T138 Thu 1 e b0 tglinlr 0 ts l. (llllellc f‘ it?“ E [h 6) Bt ZS 10 rpehdl Cl 1 Sngltgﬁ 9

119 with the Flashes placing second. BZ.

Hansen   128 Gamma Kap kept up to it's usual

   
 
  

 

111 126 Games were scheduled for last I ‘ -

£3115; . 97 —— Monday night, but not enough of pace ldnftheiggcglng SginiﬁlgietgeJ—ig

" ..... a 134 132 the fellows showed up to bow. nllig cea‘ ‘_ ‘ H . ‘ .

grillldngton 160 161 Those that were there, bowled for Quinn 'was lngh secret for Gamma

Vau  .... H — 118 practice and total pinnage was Kap.w1th 12 pomts. ‘1 d 16“;
g —— — higher than it has been in several Ps1 Gain downed. More an_

Total 630 65601‘ the games. in the last game of the evening. V

 

 

. Juan

T’cs lc bicnvcnu, Vicux frch . . . Have a Coke

(GREETINGS, OLD MAN)

., limit 

 

    

 

 

. . . a way to show friends/21p to a French sailor
Even foreigners visiting our shores for the first time respond to
the friendliness in the phrase Have a (like. 'i'lierc's the good old

home-town American spirit behind it...thc some as when you

@1945 the c-c (n

scrvc Coke at home. (Loco-Colo stands for I/w [Ll/(M! MM! I'L/f'L’SlIoJ,“

has become a Loud of sympathy between Lindly—minJeJ folks.

 
  
  

'(ZokL-"u (iocovColu
I You naturally lit-ill ('ocu‘Lulu
, -.dlne-l by Ila lru mlly .nhlwm'uilum
‘ i'nkv‘ "l'llilllillfl llu quullly prod-
url of The («no Cola (Imnpuny.

BOIILED UNDER AUHIURIIY OF THE COCAvCCILA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOT’l‘LING COMPANY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
 

g
E-

,.:‘Gfe'.lr9,"-"~4v?r .-. ywsvrm.

W7WNﬁbxﬁﬁﬁ-xé‘3n

  

anew it;

 

 

 

 

 

I .

Weinberg Gains.
Leading Office
At Convention

Meeting in'Ncw York
Explained by Garfall

   

During the American Arbitration
Association Convention, which was
held last week in New “York, Ger-
hard Wineberg, ’47, was appointed
to the position of Secretary. Four
elected representatives from State,
together with four other students
who live near New York, formed the
largest group of delegates from all

the State Colleges that attended.

 

Seniors To Sign Pledges

For Siudenf Union Program

This week is the right time,
lower Draper is the right place,
signing the Student Union' pledge
is the right action.

Yes, our Seniors now have the
privilege of contributing to a
fund to make a bigger, better,
and more attractive college for
future generations.

The easy-payment method is
one of the plan's most attractive
features—only $10 per year for
ten years.

For the convenience of the
Seniors, who probably find them-
selves very busy at this time,
pledges may be made at the
group houses, where persons have
been appointed for this purpose.

Florence Garfall, ’45, president of The table for pledges Wm be up

Student Association, in releasing a

preliminary report on the conven-
tion. termed it very interesting and
said that the State delegates all
took an active part in the discus-
sion. She explained that the pur-
pose of the association is to ad-
vance the idea of submitting all
types of disputes to an arbitrator-
for settlement, and the convention
program revolved around this theme.
On April 5 the session opened with
a General Statement on Arbitra-
tion, and went on to .the problems
of Commercial, International, and
Labor and Government Arbitration.
Each topic was introduced with a
10 or 15 in.nute speech, followed by
a general discussion for 30 minutes.

The topic of greatest interest to
State delegates, Arbitration in Stu
dent Government and in School
Government. was introduced Fri-
day morning by Dr. Herman Coo-
per, who was moderator. The dele-
gates later attended an arbitra-
tion hearing, and the ﬁnal joint
meeting was held that afternoon.
Cec.le Goldg-erger, '45, attended a
special Saturday morning meeting
for the purpose of formulating pro-
posals for arbitration in student
government. Mr. Weinberg, with
the help of other students, is pre-
paring a report to send to the Asso-
ciation, and this report will be given
in assembly Friday, April 27. Dr.
John M. Sayles, president of the col-
lege, also attended a part of the
convention.

As a result of the meetings last
week. Dr. Cooper and the presidents
of the State Colleges have agreed
that another meeting should be held
to discuss the possibility of setting
up some form of arbitration in State
Colleges, in practice as well as part
of courses. Plans have been made
for another conference on April 21
at the Hotel Syracuse, Syracuse.
Those who will attend are Miss Gar-
(Continucd on. Page 3, column. 2)

in lower Draper until Wednesday.

 

Quakers Choose
lhree Students
To Visit Mexico

For more than a decade, selected
college students have spent sum-
mers of voluntary service under the
direction of the American Friends
Service Committee, a Philadelphia
Quaker society. Out of '17 students
chosen on a nation-wide basis, three
State College girls have been select-
ed by the organization to go to
Mexico this summer. The girls,
Barbara Chaffee, '46, Natalie Le-
vine, ’44, and Carmella Grencl, '42,
will work with the Mexican people
on a variety of social service proj-
ects.

A sincere desire to understand
and further relations between Mex-
ico and the United States, character

 

 

State To Attend
Sage Conference

Self-Governmcni,Unions
Topics For Discussion

State college for the ﬁrst time
since its founding in 1844 has been
invited to participate in the Lead-
ership Conference at Russell Sage
College. This conference to be held
tomorrow is designed to acquaint
those students attending with the
factors involved in carrying on
good student government and found-
ing a student union. The students
will be aided during the conference
by the outgoing officers from several
colleges in the eastern area.

Most of the program is concerned
with small discussion groups. These
discussions will deal with student
government in the colleges of today
and the inﬂuence of democracy
upon student governments in differ-
ent parts of the world.

Ten Colleges Attending

Ten colleges in the eastern area
are signed up to attend the con-
ference.

The registration fee of $1.00 will
cover luncheon, dinner, breakfast
and overnight accommodations at
the Russell Sage dorm.

Several students from State plan
to attend the conference and part-
icipate in the student government
and Student Union discussions. At
present Betty O’Neil, Joan Ber-
brich, Harriet Brinkman; and Rob-
ert Sullivan, Juniors, plan to at-
tend.

recommendations and a knowledge
of Spanish are a few of the stand-
ards set by the Committee for their
appointees. Young men and women
students have worked with the peo-
ple of Mexico on a variety of proj-
ects during the last six years. At
present they are located in the
states of Morelos and Hidalgo, work-
ing under the Mexican Department
of Public Health. The girls will be
assigned to a town or city in one
of these states and, living among
the people of this area, will assist
in self-help housing projects, seek
to extend the area of education and
understanding concerning interna-
tional relations, help in clinical
work, supervise in playgrounds and
kindergartens and teach such things
as knitting and sewing.

The state threesome will live a
true Mexican life, doing their own
marketing and housekeeping, and

wearing skirts and dresses “well I
below. the knee," Mexican style. . . 

At the conclusion of the three

months project work, the girls will
convene at a seminary in Mexico   P
Assembly Next Week

To Feature Campaigns

Florence Garfall, '45, President of

Student Council. has announced the and reach Shan hai where m
YearbOOk orders Take" NOW schedule for the April assemblies. kept under Japagnese su,.,,ema'i,yc§’§f,§
It is as follows:

City. Here they will meet with stu-
dents who have been doing similar
work and discussions of problems
encountered in Mexican social or-
ganization will ensue.

 

Lucille Gerg, '45, Editor of the
Pedagogue. has announced that

table in the lower hall of Draper.
In addition to the Student Asso
ciation fee. an additional charge
of $.25 will be made. The extra
fee was $.50 last year, but Miss
Gerg stated that since the budget
will cover publication expenses a

 

reduction has been made.

 

"AI

Assembly: me sum it? 17:05  

State College ‘

ALBANY, NEW YORK, mom; APRIL 13, 1945

 

 

ference, he recent]
plane from Chungk

 

 

      

2';

voL. in): NO. 21'

DR. Koo TO 
ABOUT FAR EAST; 

Advisor To Peace Delegation,
Will Discuss China's Problems

Dr. T. Z. Koo will address this morning’s assembly, pre-
senting a most unusual and opportune program. An advisor
to the Chinese Delegation in the future San Francisco Con-
y arrived in Washington by diplomatic
ing, China. Dr. Koo ﬂew to this country
with Wellington Koo, chairman of the Chinese Delegation at
this Conference.

Several eastern colleges and uni-
versities have invited Dr. Koo to
speak before their student assem-
blies ,and his first scheduled speech
recently took place at Colgate where
he had been a frequent and popular
visitor before the war. Dr. Koo re-
ceived the degree of L.L.D. from
Colgate in 1927.

Dr. Koo is a graduate of St. Johns
University in Shanghai and later
studied at Cambridge University,
England. After leaving college he
became the Executive Secretary of
the Chinese National Committee of
the Y..C.A. and travelling secretary
of the World Student Federation. At
present Dr. Koo is vice-chairman of
this Federation and in the perform-
ance of his duties travels to coun-
tries ln all parts of the world. Inter-
ested in working with students and
younger people he is attempting to
reach more and more of them
through these lecture series.

 

0rd 1. . t inations by Student Assoclat
,e S {.01 he earbmk Will be President, Vice President, Secretary, miles.

taken from April 17 to 24 at a .

the members to the Student Board

of Finance, and four cheerleaders. Clariﬁcation 0‘ Far East
nominations
will close at 4:30 P. M. on Apr
17th. and at 12 Noon on that
there will be class meetings in

Student

Japanese Prisoners

These past few years have been
ﬁlled with some particularly harrow-
ing experiences for such a man. In
December 1941 en route from New
Zealand to the United States, Dr.
Koo was waiting on Pearl Harbor
Day at Hong Kong to embark in a
Clipper plane. The colony was at-
tacked and he and his wife were
captured and sent to a prison camp.
They eventually managed to escape

two years. In the fall of-1944 the

nom- two walked overland to Western
ion for China, a distance of more than 2,000

It is evident that Dr. Koo has a

il_wealth of information concerning
date, the entire Far Eastern situation
which which seems to be becoming more
class nominations will take place. difficult and precarious as peace
These nominations will close on Fri- plans loom forth. Undoubtedly he

 

 

Knights of Loneliness Kills Nights of Loneliness ln Sixth Big 8

Professor Stumpbottom, D.D. (Doc-
tor of Dunceryi has devised the fol-
lowing mental test designed to ferret
out certain psychological tendencies
latent in the human race. To pass
it discloses a fatal weakness—the
opposite sex!

Is your social life lagging? Does
every mention of starlight send your
senses reeling? Would you even con-
sider dating a tall, handsome man?
Grey hairs are now probably push-
ing their aggressive way upon many
weary foreheads. Never fear, certain
individuals at State have also joined
the ranks of those who had "to ac-
centuate the positive" on this quiz
of all quizzes. These individuals,
after contacting certain of the
Knights of the Nights of Loneliness
have arranged to have u combina-
tion informal dance and bridge on
April 21 at 6 PM. in the lounge and
gym of this learned institution.

Intersoroi'lty Council has super—
vised the plots and machinatimis

. necessary to present this affair. The

knights hRVe scoured the musical
world for talent worthy of this occu-
sion and have after many struggles
(and as many 3c stamps) have pro-

a.

cured the services of Doc Zanello's
band.

As if this were not enough to
g'ladden the hearts of the positives
of State, men from Sienna, Union
and Albany Medical School have
been surreptiously informed of the
big affair, and will aid the evening's
doings, but tremendously. It is only
fair to state that the men coming
from Albany Med are only coming in
the interests of Medical Science (to
promote further research on the cf-
i'ccts of spring fever on the college
female).

When the art of terpslchore (Pro-
fessor Stumpbottom defines this us
an inadvertant response to so-called
music) has worn furrows of weari-
ncss on State Brows und fostered
rivulets of perspiration on said brows
the victims may repair to the gym
snack bar for coke or the lounge to
exercise their mental powers in a
friendly game of bridge (bring your
own daggers, '44,. or hat pin).

The admission may be covered by
35 copper pennies either stolen from
a wretched millionaire or spirited
away from some pickpocket (money

obtained by other methods will be
begrudgingiy accepted).

Getting back to the serious side
of life, students may come stag or by
couples to the affair. Hints on “how
to get a partner” may be gleaned
from Professor Stumpbottom’s new-
est bcst-seller "Double or Nothing.“
These hints are approved by the
“American Association for the Pre~
vcntion of Cruelty to Males."

Tickets may be purchased from
any member of the ticket commit-
tec. Although it may be difficult to
convince these damsels to part with
the precious items, keep trying-—
think of the rewards! The chasees
are Doris Jcnks, Joy Becker's, Gloria
McFerrmi. Virginia Young". Lore
Kuhn, Avis Chamberlain and Jan
Goodrich. '

Now that the what, where, when,
and how have been disclosed, stout
hearts, those of you who have
(through no fault of your own) be-
come members of the Knights of
the Nights of Loneliness can blossom
forth at the Intersorority Big 8.
Come and bring your spring fever—
kill or cure guaranteed!

  

day, April 20th. Also on the 20th will present the latest developments
the Student Association candidates in regard to China and clarify many
1vzvitlll glyltli lsampling? speeches. Apriil pointsnow hesitantin people's minds.

7'1 w e a bus ness mee ng an . .. .
the Student Association candidates aElliot”?lflfﬂllkgtgﬁgafgnlg ‘21)st
till t’:,iitf?..“t§’§at”€:‘éiii tilt? yggld-yd03‘6'30yn' “he Aggro“

‘ ' 'ies o g ve ‘l m as muc me as
lot 011 April 26th and 27m possible, therefore all doors will be

1All organizations must have elelc- closed promptly at this time.
tons competed and the r resu ts
handed m by May 1. Organizations Student Association nominations
must also notify Florence Garfall, Wm be blougm up at the end of the
’45, as to which faculty member is It’llggnfml' melles are m be wbmlt'
to announce results of elections on ,e‘, .0} mes, dent' Vice'pmsldenti
Movingaup Day. secretaiy, foul cheerleaders and six

' members of the Student Board of

June Mlllb‘. 47» hﬂS been 1031301111" Finance. These nominations will be
ed to the Vacancy in the election open until Tuesday at;  P M
committee left by Eunice Golden. Them will be 1101)“qu Annou'nce:
'47. The l'lVﬂll‘y 5001'0 ‘5 110W 22“: ments in the entire assembly
to 41:, in favor of the Sophomores. '

Assembly will begin promptly at _"

11:05 so as to devote as much time Five Names Enlarge Dean's List
as possible to today's speaker. Stu-

dent Council is considering a closer FlVP additional names for the
check on cutting and has arranged Deans “St for “10 m“ semesm‘»
for the Lounge, P.O., and Commons 19‘,“ 45v have been announced by
L0 be closed every mde frmn 11- Miss Elizabeth Van Dcnburgh, Reg
12 Noon. istrar.

A motion has been passed to re- They “1'0 Shirley P315501” “11d 001"
(mm. next yew-lb. l‘l-eslunen to waln- othy E. Chamberlain, Juniors; Helen
beanies. Myskania has been asked Hoskms, ’47; and Eleanor M. Holbig
L0 make u a Madman, and: Ida. and Barbara s.'Hyman,'freslunen.
veiop rules ,_1'egarding the. we 'ring These five nameswere omitted in
of the pennies. Each freshman will, last Week's Srl'ra‘fCott'aas News
have to purchase his own beanie at, when the origin‘axleean's List was
tl10.CO-1sz_ I, ‘ “published. '  , ‘  . , . l

 

1x,

 

 

 

