  

  

'1 i ,  If )

  
 
  
 


Eda

FAMILIAR FACES AT FORMAL
Among the present and former servicemen who will
liven up the States-Men’s formal with their persons
will be Bolo Marsland, '44, “Big Ed” Reed, '43, Red
Evans, ’45, Jim Dunning, '45, Jerry Dunn, ’49, Sparky
Vaughan, Rodney Folder, '48, and numerous others.
(GeeT-wonder who’s gonna be Snow Queen . . .)
MORE MAN NEWS
William Froman has been discharged and is now
attending classes at Albany Law School—ditto Howie
Anderson, ’42, who is now a shining light on Law
School's basketball team . . . Johnny Riccardo, '46, is
around visiting . . . also Bill Phipps, '43, who was dis-
charged a month ago . . . Bob Cooke, ’43, alsojoins
the rank of discharged veterans . . . Stan Abrams, ’46,
expects to hit the USA soon . . . Hal Ashworth, '44, now
in the Phillipines, may be home by January or Feb-
ruary. ,
ALL GOOD STATES-MEN GOT BROTHERS
Orchids to Chuck Poskanzer, brother of Baird, who
graciously lent his pants to the Christmas Big 8 . . .
Max Braun’s kid brother Arnie evidently liked the pic-
tures of the place painted by Lee, for he was down
visiting all last week-end (left for the Army Wed-
nesday).
MAIL CALL
Bernie Perlman, ’42, expects to be home soon. Fol—
lowing are some exerpts from a recent letter of his:
“Our trip included Switzerland, and of course, like
every other GI, I came away with a wrist watch and
cigarette lighter. The limitations on the exchange of
currency prevented me from bringing back the usual
souvenirs, but some day I’ll bring myself backto
Switzerland. It’s a country right out of a child's fairy
tale book. The people were all more than hospitable to
us. GI’s have really been on their good behavim while
on furlough there . . . I like the English, and I'm us-
ually called upon to defend England at least once a
week from a new crop of Anglophobes who know only
the lower class English people . . .‘Last February while
I was on DS at the Pathfinder Group field, Chal-
grave—just outside of Oxford, I became acquainted
with an English family . . . the Cruses may be regarded
as a typical middle class English family. They are
hosiptable to the point where it hurts. I was accepted
as a friend, and whatever they had was at my dis-
posal, even unto Mr. Cruse's pajamas . . . Despite the
papers, movies and magazines, GI Joe is a very com-
plex person, made up of all kinds of people just as
America . . . you can’t go far without some dumb
guy who'll tell you that of all the European peoples,
he prefers the Germans . . .” Then, after reading
Bernie's letter, I leafed through the pages of a “New
York Post” and ironically my gaze came to rest on
printed lines such as “Germany developed the dead-
liest poison gas in the world by testing it on concentra-
tion camp inmates" and “ten year old Russian child-
ren were kidnapped for slavery in German war fact-
ories as part of the Nazi campaign of ‘extermination
through work’ according to evidence submitted today
at the war cirmes trial of 21 of Hitler’s top leaders."
I wonder if some pretty fraulien's smile or an ex-
storm trooper's pleasing personality is enough to erase
the evergrowing list of German atrocities and make
these same German people “preferred” to all the other
European people by not very far-seeing Americans.

 
   
  
    
    
 

 

  
   
  
 
    
      
      
     
     
     
        
        
     
       
            
   
  
   
     
  
 
 
    
 
 
  
      
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
      
  
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
      
  
  
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
    
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
  
 

 

 

FOR SALE

If you're thinking of sending an original Christ-
mas present to your boyfriend, just thought I'd let
you know that the Philadelphia Navy Yard now has
six condemned submarines on sale . . . if you can
find enough wrapping paper, why don’t you take a
hop over and look at one? (Especially if your man‘s in
the Navy—I'm sure he'd love one . . .)

CHRSTMAS SPIRIT
If I were Santa Claus, I'd hop on my reindeer (s?)

 

E cuts down the chimneys of the following people:

Robert Francis Sullivan.
One pair of nice warm snuggles to Joan Berbrich.

Shirley Passow.
One anchor to Betty O’Neil.
One sable dyed fieldmouse to Mickey Navy.
One box of “F dz F” coughdrops to Slackle.
exam to Miss Van Denburgli.

berg.

 

Phil Lashinsky.

catch ashes to Dr. Jones.

 
 

 

 
    
  
   

One job to Mrs. Maiseed.
one bed, one set of springs, one mattress, and on
week’s quiet to Key llagerty.

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  

Art Kaufman.
One meat ball to Sam at the Boul.
One Merry Christmas to everybody else.

  
  
  
    

 

 

and fly all over New York State depositing these pres-

One bag of marbles and one Rainbow Bubble Set to

One thrce~year subscription to “The Daily News" to

One hammer to sling at anyone with a conflict withholding production with
One slide rule in good condition to Gerhard Wein-

One week without an assembly announcement to

One copy of “Batman Comics” to Dr. Macllwalue.

One new defroster and my humblest apologies to

DTA'I'I COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. DECEMBER I4, 1943

 

Gal/ace Clea-ape

.i'iy CULLINAN o HILT

 

In reference to a quot mentioned
in this column on November 30, we
would like to make the following
correction. It seems that the Hill-
tops of Hartwick is the paper of
Hartwick College and not Oneonta
State Teachers" College as we mis-
quoted in that issue.

Now that we’ve cleared up that
situation, we shall continue in our
usual rut.

One of the most obvious methods
of gleaning close-ups from other
colleges is to ask the fellow who’s
been there. We have, therefore,
asked our transfers to do the honors
this week.

Mervyn McClintock, ’48, Buffalo
S. T. C.

“ tate is by far more democratic
in as much as the college is run by
students without interference from
the administration. At Buffalo,
there is a closely knit administra-
tive'rule, evident even in the as-
sembly programs which are set up
by faculty members."

Beatrice Sternfeld, ’48, Ohio State II

“It is difficult to compare these
two colleges because Ohio State
has an enrollment of about 15,000
students. The student body is too
large for a weekly assembly, con-
sequently executive work is carried
on by representatives chosen from
every group house, and voting must
also take place by house elections.

“At Ohio, sororities and fraterni-
ties play an integral part in the
college program. They are highly
conpetitive, forming strong pres-
sure groups for school offices but I
feel that the independent organiza-
tion equals the Greeks in this re-
spect.

“I have found here at State a
high degree of congeniality and co-
operation among students and fa-
culty. I would like also to stress
the fact that State’s dorms are far

7M
Garﬁequ
7004M

SHIRLEY SIEGEL PASSOW

superior to those at Ohio, not to
mention the fact that Albany itself
is a far more attractive city than
Columbus."

Genevieve Dwyer, ’48, Cortland
S.'I‘.C.

 

Member
associated Collegiate Press

Cell for Teachers-
iegee'ﬁiiir by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clue of 1910
Decembed 14, 1945 No. 12
Distributor

Collegiate Digest

l‘b u Ier ruduute newapowr of the New York Slate
e m g published every Friday of the Col-

“On the Who“? Cortland ‘5 no“ 30 tion. Phones: Berbrlch, 2-0120;0'Ncll, 3,0538; Four, 8-1011;

well organized in student govern- (
ment affairs, Student Council being
merely a routine position with little

or no prestige. Because of the rela- ELIZABETH g, o-NEIL . . . .

.‘rumer, 2-9870.

The News Board

EDITOR-IN-CHII'

tive unimportance of these offices at JOAN D, “name” . . i . . co-lDITon-IN-CNIEF
Cortland, there is little competition isABEL FEAR . . . auameaa MANAau
for school offices and naturallyI was JOSEPHINE MAGGIO . . . cmcutmon mason
somewhat taken back by the politics MARGERY CRAMER . . . ADVERTISING MANAGER
and pressure so dominant here. Also MARy aULLWAN . . . . . . aroars EDITOR
the proportion of social life is much KATHRYN HAGER-ry . . . . assocwr: EDITOR
greater here perhaps due to sorori- MARY Tasman . . . . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

ties, which at Cortland are more

residence halls."

Faith Snow, ’47, William Smith
College

“Our student government at Wil-
liam Smith was quite similar to that

here at State' However I was pm" The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no rc

ticularly amazed and baffled by the
unusual amount of voting taking
place in State’s assemblies. Could
not a part of the tedious, routine

Issue Editor—KATHRYN HAGERTY

“will?” 2

bold be addressed to the editor and
be withheld upon request.
spousiiiilif)‘
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
:Is SlH'll expressions no not necessarily reflect its View.

all communications sh
must be signed. Sonics will

business be taken care of at another  _ _ -

time?

"Again, the activities there are
more of a social nature with the gap
between Seniors and freshmen prac-
tically non-existent. Of course the
small enrollment of students, to-
gether with the absence of sorori-
ties makes for these social rela-
tionships.”

Jane McGuinness, ’48, College of
Our Lady of Elms.

“Assemblies at State are good!
Naturally I was much more restrict-
ed at Our Lady of Elms and it is dif-
ficult getting used to this increased
freedom. For the same reason it is
difficult to get to know the students
around school, though the group
house helps a great deal in making
friends."

 

 

A word of advice from one who
should know better: try not to take
sides in the labor imbroglio—yet.
At the moment the fireworks are
distorting the national scene too
completely for mere mortal to eval-

uate justly.

Is management right? Are unions
irresponsible? Charles E. Wilson,

our reconversion to peacetime pro-
duction.”

Or would you rather be the Pres-
ident? Not at the moment, prob-
ably, if—like Mr. Truman—your
suggestion for easing the situation
was a restrictive measure con-
demned bitterly by organized labor.
Particularly would you rather not

picket-bound president of General be Mr. Truman if your measure had
Motors, remarked in passing as GM been defeated by the House Military
cancelled its agreement with the Affairs Committee, and according-
United Automobile Workers union ly buried.

this week:

The curious thing about the cur-

“In any new agreement which rent situation is that Congress this
may be worked out, General Mo- week defeated three of the most out
tors will insist on provisions requir- and out anti-labor bills proposed in
mg union responsibility and assur- many a moon. 1) Truman’s anti-

ance of uninterrupted production.’

’ strike hill. 2) A bill penalizing

Are the unions right? Then man— unions heavily for violating no-
agement is deliberately sabotaging strike contracts. 3) A bill freezing
the reconversion, because industry political activities of unions (Some
is more secure financially than it characters still don't like the way

excess profits tax.

was in any year before the war
It can afford not to produce for FDR.)
several months and still make profits
with the approaching repeal of the of illiberai legislation on its ledger.

. CIO roused people into voting for
This same Congress has a flock

But public opinion apparently is

Or at least these are the charges sufficiently influential to dissuade

of the United Electrical and Radio Congress from anti—union enthu-
Workers of America, who demand siasm. Next year is 1946, you know.

an investigation of General Elcc- Election, you know. Shall we be
tric, Westinghouse, RCA and GM's blunt?

electrical division. Their claim is

If things begin to look complex,

that the companies are deliberately that's exactly what we’d intended.

the But out of the complexity there

prime purpose of breaking the is hope for a mature solution. Man-

unlous and beating price controls.
if so, which branch of government

analyzes the

One seeing-eye ashtray that will raise itself to memo“ as postwar m“.

agcmcnt is no longer the great (in

Or is the government right? And god, whose refusal to open its books

? to public examination must go un-

Sccretary of Labor Schwcllcnbacli questioned. Labor unions are too
management-lubor canny, their members too well edu-

cated, to take refusal to arbitrate us

“Frunkncss compels me to say the last word in the fight for a do-

e
early 1942.

that since the war's end, there has cent living standard. Also, unions
been more of a sense of fear and recognize the need to accept public
more of a loss of faith than we had responsibility—«as witness the UAW's
even during the dire months of security offer to Ford. Finally, the

biggest voice of all——popular elec-

“We are in the midst of a period tion—will make itself heard in Con-

of industrial strife. I do not mean gress' considerations. A solution is
to minimize its seriousness. It is more than probable in the next few
ugly. If prolonged, it will lmperil months.

 

Yes, it has happened here. The closed—door pol-
icy of one of the five religiously limited sororities
on campus has become, oppositely, an open-door
policy.

This week Beta Zeta quietly announced that a
constitutional change was made and approved by
its members and alumni. A change whereby all re-
ligious qualifications for membership have been
abolished, making the sorority non-sectarian. Pro-
testant, Jew and Catholic alike are now eligible.
Thus BZ joins the ranks of Phi Gamma and Gamma
Kappa l’hiﬂsocial organizations suns religious dis-
crimination.

Unquestionably, this step is a further indica-
tion that an open-minded student attitude is evolv-
ing slowly but surely. it points up the fact that
State is growing still and is courageous enough to
rid itself of hindering precedents. it reflects the
irrepressible spirit of the young people of all time
who have asked “\Vhy?”—-and have been restless
until a logical conclusion is reached.

A sorority’s initial purpose is friendship. Friend-
ship is based on common interests, more frequently
secular than religious, and compatibility. Girls of
the same faith may have none of the same every
day interests in common. The social organization
with religious affiliations, then, becomes artificial.
It is confining in that one often cannot join the
group of her choice, bill must first consider to
ligious denominations. Concurrently, the girls
within a sorority cannot accept as a soroi'ul sister
the girl whom they like, but who is of another faith.

A sorority's second purpose is to develop social
activity out of these friendships. Parties, social
meetings and faculty teas are held. The common
meeting ground here is fun, laughter, cokcs and
singing. Religious affiliations are even further from
social life than from friendship.

it would seem, therefore, that religious limita-
tions are not only uriificiul but obstacle in the
path of the social group called the sorority.

Good Will Toward Kids..

Christmas, 1045, is nearly upon us (he first
peace-time Christmas in four yours. And with it
comes the so-cnllcil "Yulciiilc spirit."

There is hardly on appropriate definition for
this liiiscl—spuoglul, yci worm, good feeling. It
seems to be u licicrognous combination of sparkl-
ing (‘lirisimus trees and good will toward men.
'l‘rudiiionully, this spirit is (lcmonsirziicd by lllf‘
exchangi- of gifts. Perhaps the spirit is made fungi-
blc in this way pci‘liups “giving” is the real spirit
of (‘lirisimns

This year, (illi‘i' again, we have no opporiunily to
diffuse ibis scnsonnl good will not only among iliosc
who our loss foriunulo than we. Stair is playing
Sonia (‘luus tonight :11 (be Albany Home for chil-
(li'i‘ll. ()ur small gifts and nicriuiunicni will put
some sparkle in the eyes of those kids who haven’t
known a real home Christmas, who are unfamiliar
with (he time—honored customs of hanging stock—
ings and writing letters to Santa.

ii is little that we offer, but there is our chance
to prove that ours is a true “Yuletide spirit” bv
giving until those boxes are overflowing. '

NEWS Sponsors
Assembly Poll
On Myskania

Questioneire Designed
To Obtain Openions
Of Student Association

The Myskania. issue has been the
most controversial question in State
College for years. This year, it has
reached an all-time high. The 1946
Myskania realizes that there is dis-
sension among the students, and
would like to get practical statistics
with which to work.

Sponsors Poll

A few days ago, Myskania came to
the State College News with the
request that the NEWS sponsor a
poll on Myskania. Members of
Myskania drew up the questionnaire
and submitted it to the News Board
for approval. It was accepted.

The questionnaire is printed on
this page. and will be handed out
in assembly today in mimeographed
form. Approximately ten minutes
will be given during assemny for
the answering and checking of this
questionnaire. No one is to iden-
tify his questionnaire in any way.

To Print Results

As mentioned before, this poll is
spclnsorocl by the State College
News. The Editorial Staff of the
NiciVs Board will tabulato the an-
wers given. interpret them, and
print them in the first issue after
the Christmas recess. Mysknniu
will have the privilege of" seeing the
questmnnalrcs for its own interpret—
ation of student opinion.

Included in the questionnaire are
the specific issues which Myskania
feels are of most interest to the
student body. The outstanding
controversial points are, perhaps,
the power and duties of Myskania,
its secrecy. and its method of choos—
inf,r Myskania. There is a space at
the end of the questionnaire for
comments or criticism not specificly
provided for.

Secret Society

Myskania. as it stands now, is an
honorary leadership society which
acts as the judicial body of the
State College government. The
members of this organization have
requested the News to ask the stu-
dent body to answer these ques-
tions thoughtfully and sincerely, so
that they may have an accurate
estimate of student opinion.

 

Religious Group
Schedules D;nner

Inter-Varsity Chinstian Fellowship
will hold a Christmas banquet to—
morrow night at 6:00 P. M. in Boy—
er’s Restaurant on State Street.
Newman Club and Hillel have made
plans for meetings which will be
held after vacation.

Six chapters of Inter-Varsity fel-
lowship will join tomorrow evening
in their annual Christmas banquet,
Sally Holmes. '47, President of the
group stated. The speaker for the
event w.ll be Sum Moffat, a director
of Young People's work in tho Pres-
byterian Church.

Miss Juno Holllngsworth. staff
advisor for the Chapters of Inter—
Varslty Christian Fellowship in and
around New York and Albany, visit-
ed the local group here recently.
Miss Holllngsworth is the author of
a book on Bible study which is us—
ed by Inter-Varsity Chapters
throughout the United States.

Beginning Sunday, January 7.
Newman Club will sponsor a pro-
gram of services with sermon and
benediction in the small grotto from
4:30 to 5:15 P. M. each week. Fath-
er Cnhill and several outside spook-
crs will lecture on a topic which
will be announced after vacation.
Eileen Moody. '46. is in charge of
tlicso programs.

At the first meeting of Hillel fol-
lowing vacation a freshman rcprc-
scntutivc to the executive council
will be elected. Following this a
movie will be shown. Joseph Pal-
evsky, ’46, President of Hill-cl, stated
that all students are invited to at-
tend this meeting on Thursday.
January 3.

STATE CQLLIOI NIWI. FRIDAY, DICIMDIR 14. I’ll

 

Wm M. 00 MW

1. What do you think of Myekania as an organ of your govern-

ment? Check one of the following.

1. Excellent

2. Good

4. Could stand improvement

5. Indifferent

Do you think Myskania has too much power? Explain.

Do you think Myskania is the best-qualified student organiza-

tion to handle (Answer yes or no)

Elections

Student-faculty relations

Rivalry

Advisory group to Student Council

To organize freshman class

To interpret Constitution

To handle major-minor office plan

To uphold traditions

. To serve as a judiciary body of the government
(All above mentioned powers are now granted to Myskania by
the Constitution, with the exception of number 2.)

4. Are you in 'favor of the present system of choosing Myskania?
If not, what do you suggest?

5. Are you opposed to Myskania wearing caps and gowns at the
following functions: (Answer yes or no)
1. Assembly

a business meetings

b. regular meetings

Chaperoning events

Moving-up Day

Class meetings

Elections

When sitting as a court

At any time

you object to secrecy involved in (Answer yes or no)

Name

Closed meetings

Constitution
4. Any other item

7. List factors or qualities you think should be considered in
choosing Myskania members.

8. Any other commets? Please state them.

see?

wages»???

WPPUrlgiy‘PWN
o .

Soldier Lauds Dean Nelson
In Letter To Adminisiraiion

Board Explains
Benefit Provided
BylnfirmoryFund

The Infirmary Fund of the State
College Student Association is per-
haps one of the least understood of
the benefits to be derived under
Student Association tax tickets.
Finance Board has undertaken to
explain this situation.

Of the $20 paid each year per
student, $3 is set aside to be put
into a General Infirmary Fund.
Each student is entitled to $15 bene—
fit from this fund. This sum may
be used for doctor’s bills, x-rays or
any other type of medical aid. The
only stipulation is that all action
be approved by the Hygiene office
before being taken. This benefit
applies alike to commuters and stu—
dents living on campus.

Beside this medical aid available
to all students, WAA and MAA
maintain a Contingency Fund
which accrues each year from the
WAA and MAA budgets. An injury
sustained while participating in any
sport sponsored by these two or-

“cher in my life have I met
a better man." Such are the
sentiments of Dean Nelson's
soldier students in England.

Dean Nelson has made a hit
with his new students. His own
experiences as a marine in the
last war have given him a de-
cided advantage. Having been
a service man himself, the Dean
can well understand the prob-
lems of these young army men.

An extract from a letter re-
ceived from one of his students
in England states: “My History
of American Education profes-
sor is a member of your faculty
there at Albany State, Mr. Nel-
son, whom we soldiers here ad-
mire very greatly. Never in my
life have I met a better man.
His methods of teaching are
superb, to say the least."

State knows him only as an
evccutive but these soldiers
know him as a teacher. Dean
Nelson has won the respect of
these men. and State will be
glad to welcome him back.

IGC Elects Two
New Officers

As a result of elections held re-
cently, Ruth Seeibach, '48, was
chosen Treasurer of Inter-Group
Council and Lois Hutchinson, ’47,
became the new Secretary. Dr.
Watt Stewart, Professor of History,
will speak on inter-group relations
at the Oswego State Teacher's Col-
lege today. A report of the Inter-
Group Conference held here at
State November 2 and 3 appears in
the December issue of the “New
York State Education” Magazine.

Dr. Stewart was invited to speak
to an interested group at Oswego
State as a result of the November
Inter Group Conference. A report
of this conference has been drawn
up and presented to the "New York
State Education" Magazine.

An outline of the conference pro-
gram appears in the report supple-
mented by the group's recommenda-
tions. The paper closes with an ac-
count of the progress made in the
State Teacher's Colleges since the
conference.

Alumni Assn,
Eastern Branch
To Meet Jan. 12

Mrs. Bertha Briinmer, Secretary
of the Alumni Association, has an-
nounced that Mrs. Genevieve Shorey
Moore. '44, Librarian in Milne and
President of the Eastern Branch of
the Alumni Association, presided at
an Executive Committee meeting in
the Alumni office, Wednesday. At
the meeting plans were made for
the Eastern Branch Alumni Lun-
cheon to be held in the Pierce Hall
dining room on January 12. Com-
mittee members include Janice
Freedman, ’40, Elizabeth Philpot,
‘38, and Miss Blanche Avery, ’16.

 

Other members in charge are the
following: Doris Riddick, ’25, As-
sistant Chairman; Pauline Baker,
‘22, Hostess; Dr. Margaret Betz, '22,
Luncheon Chairman; Tickets, Fran—
ces Smith, ’28, and Lulu Charles,
‘32; Mrs. Louis Oppenheim, '18,
Faculty Chairman; Dorothy B. Ben-
nit, '24, Art; Agnes Dennin. '19,
Graduate Committee; Registration,
Agnes N. Underwood, ’20; Mrs. Ar-
thur Penney, '19, Publicity; Marilla
Ccnklin Whitbeck. ‘99, Half-Cen-
tury Club; Mrs. Blanche Russell,
'10, Quarter-Century Club; Torch-
light, Joan Smith and Marion Dav-
is, ‘45. President of the Association
is Mrs. Carleton Moose, ’27.

ganizailons or in rivalry may be    

paid for out of this emergency
fund.

These are the two funds which
are available to State College stu-
dents ln event of the need of med-
ical aid. In either case Finance
Board requests that the Hygiene
office be made fully cognizant of of stage hands fixing lights, push-
any medical aid needed. In case of ing scenery into place — all this
emergency the office should be 110- makes up life back-stage. Princes,
“fled as 500“ as DOSSible- undertakers. criminals, detectives,—
the variety of characters is even
greater than usual for here there
are to be presented not one, not two.

Daumie' EXhlbil l" Drapel but for one-net plays.
It is the night of January 15. At

Miss Ruth Hutchins. Assistau _ H ,
Professor of Fine Arts, has set 111: {.3530 P‘M' the .cmmm use” on Pm:
an cxlnbit of reproductions of the “‘j-fi .l’rescm’auml of the evempﬁ
paintings and lithographs of Hon- # Arm DR of?“ dil'e‘f'md bwalﬁ
U”. Duumm.’ Munch painmt am Agnes Fuitei'el. Undei the gicast
signer? and social wmmemuwr' on point we distinguish familiar faces
11“, second “00,. 01- Dmper' The r-rEdith Dell, Alice Prindle sub-
liihograplis include reproductions mergng “1,0” own Characters f5”
1mm 1m. pom-01m “Law and Jus_ those of Pierre and Columbine 1n
11cc." Edna St. Vincent Millay's fantastic

tragedy extolling the uselessness of

By MARJORIE HARLANI)

Curtain going up! .
Last minute make-up, arranging
of costumes, the hustle and bustle

The stained glass designs on the Will'-
\\'.ll(l0WS between the first and sec- The 1181115 dim ﬂgaln- The Second
cud floor of Di'upvr were made by tseiqction bears the modest little
the creative uri class lost your. title “A Budapest Salesman Should

The Milne Art Department is Not Read French Illustrated Maga-
sponsoring a display of hand cnrv— zinc.” Here amidst ambassadors,
ifii Arabic figures and craft objects generals, royalty and otherwise
from the Near East on the first Bela Szcna‘s laughable farce comes
11”” 1“ Mum’- to life with humorous portrayals by

 

GRACE ADELAIDE RIDDLE
STUDIO OF SPEECH
(formerly in New York City)
VOICE IMPROVEMENT - DRAMA’l‘ICS
CORRECTION OF SPEECH DEFECTS
56 So. Swan St. For appointment——Telephone 5-8745

 

Ellen Faye, Joe Palevsky, Roger
Neilson, “Mickey” Mieras. Joe Zan-
chelli, and Mervyn McClintock. The
audience settles back in its seats
still chuckling as the curtain rises
for the third time.

Now we travel to the southern
mountains to follow the adventures,
hopes, and disappointments of Texie
(played by Annalee Levine) in her
search for a pink dress (with or
without patches). Betty O'Neil as
Rexic. Muriel Griffin as Ma, and
Bette Cavanaugh as Mrs. Allen com-
plete the cast of "Pink and
Patches."

   
    

 

a... T. 

Xmas, Parties
Tonife, Saturday

Paul Meadows, '48, President of
Camera Club, has announced plans
for snapshot contests and a salon
exhibit in the spring, and a joint
Christmas party will be held by
Math and Chemistry Clubs tonight.

Rules for the snapshot contests,
which will be held monthly begin-
ning January 4, are: All pictures
must be 3” by 4”, and must be
handed in to Eugenia Baranowskl,
Elizabeth Brignuli, or Erna Burns,
Sophomores, the first tw0 weeks of
each month. Dr. Floyd Henrickson,
Assistant Professor of Education and
faculty advisor of the group, will
be among the judges.

“Experimenting in Portraiture"
will be the topic of the next meet-
ing of the club Tuesday, January 8.
Rosemary Ryan, ’48, is directing
plans for an exhibit of 11" by 14”
pictures in the spring.

Math-Chemistry Clubs

The Math - Chemistry Clubs
Christmas party will be held to-
night at 7:30 P. M. in the Lounge.
Carmela Russo, '46, and Dorothy
Caughran and Herbert Ford, Jun-
iors, are in charge of the entertain-
ment. Margery Cramer, Suzanne
Montgomery, and Margaret. Whit-
man, Seniors, will sing, and Doro-
thea Silvernail, ’47, will load the
group in Christmas carols.
Committee Club

Shirley Rice, ’46, President of
Commuter’s Club, has announced
that there will be a Christmas party
for commuters tomorrow night in
the Lounge. General chairman of
the event is Norma Punchak, ’47.

There will be dancing, refresh-
ments, and presents distributed
from a grab-bag, and the party will
conclude with singing by the dorms.

Faculty advisers of the group, Dr.
Minnie Scotland, Assistant Profes-
sor of Biology, and Dr. J. Allan
Hicks, Professor of Guidance, have
been invited to attend.

Committees are: Entertainment,
Chairman Shirley Dixon, ’48, Ruth
Card, ’46, Jacqueline Smead, ’47,
Carolyn Vanderbilt, ’48, and Helen
Califano, Helen Dunn, Marjorie
Memelo, Ellen Sargent, and Joan
Wurzler, freshmen; Refreshments,
Chairman Mary Stolfe, ’47, M51-
dred Barnard, ’47, and Dorothy
Arnold, Anne Bacalda, Olive
L‘heureux, Ursula Nuhaus, Mary
Jane Paris, and Estelle Siegel,
freshmen; Reception and Decorat-
ing, Cc-chairmen Olive MacDowell
and Janet Wallis, Juniors, Doris
Quinn and Sally Smith, Juniors,
Julia Genovesi and Betty Repp,
Sophomores, and Millicent Robin-
son and Rose Rosen, freshmen; and
Publicity, Marianna Meise, ’49.

 

MADISON SWEET SHOP
785 Madison Ave
Tasty and Delicious
Sandwiches

and Lunches

Dial 2-9733

 

 

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

210 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

for the

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

The most of the Best

DIAL 5—1913

OAFETEIIIA

Least

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

.__:...;.‘ an»: x:.. . _ ‘

