 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

.1» A  ,7 Point'Of: vinformaﬁon; I

  

 

By MINDY WARSIIAW -—-—-—-

SPEAKING 0F NEWSPAPERS ‘

“Bernhardt’s Weekly Newspaper. The Nose And
Mouth of the World. It Talks. It Smells" . . . so
begins the little two page gazette written in France,
drawn up typed and sent out to the Boys by Pfc.
Bernie Bernhardt, ’44. Among the many articles of
interest in the issue we received was one appropriately
entitled, “The GI Learns to Speak French" by Prof.
B. (Call me Pierre) Bernhardt. In this story, the
“Professor” vividly describes the dough-boy’s attempts

a at la langue francaise when in a restaurant (asking

for food), or at a bar (asking for drink), or with a
woman (just asking) . . . .

HE TOOK ALL THEIR. BLITZKREIG
AND HE LEFT THEM FLAT

Lt. Mike Walrath, ’41, has been rescued by Americans
from a stalag (Prisoner of War Camp). He’s now in
Italy . . . (time out for a sigh or relief.)

HAIL THE CONQUERING HERO

Lt. Zollie Prlvett, ’45, has been awarded the Air
Medal “for meritorious achievement while participating
in medium bombardment, missions totaling more than
100 hours, during which exposure to enemy fire was
probable and expected” . . . Lt. Privett enlisted in the
Air Corps two years ago, and for the past four
months has been with the 12th Bombardment Group,
famous Earthquakers of Maj. Gen. Howard C. David-
son’s 10th Air Force. He is the navigator on a B-25
with the Tornado Squadron and has 39 missions over
enemy territory. All that and he’s handsome tool
Only he’s already got someone who’ll wear his “little
medal." A wife. . .

PROMOTED

It’s now Cpl. Edith Trece Aney, '44, of the WAC
. . -. Trace and her two stripes will be here for Moving
Up Day . . . Raymond Hughes, '36 of the Air Corps,
is no longer a 2nd looey—he’s now a First Lieutenant
. . . First Lieutenant Hughes is Information and Edu-
cation Officer at Pope Field, North Carolina.

FATHER’S DAY

Jim Dunning, ’45, received word in Germany that
he now has a son in the States awaiting Poppa’s re-
turn. Momma is Eleanor Smith, '46 . . . Lt. Gordon
Hastings, ’43, having received his commission in New
Orleans, Louisiana, is coming home to see wife Roz
Sloate, '45, and await the arrival of Ye Stork (who
seems to be doing a rather prosperous business these
days. . .)

AND THE GIRLS ALL SW00}:

Seen around the halls these days . . . Carr Pangburn,
’45, who has served sixteen months as a Ph/M with
the Merchant Marine. He has received his appoint-
ment to King's Point Merchant Marine Academy
where he will go through four months basic training
before he takes to the high seas . . . also Lt. (j.g.)
Bill Muller, ’43—and note the service ribbons. . .

LATEST ADDRESSES .

Sgt. (without a Staff) George ‘Kunz, '43, has Jumped
from England to France to Germany . . . Sgt. Ned
Tlmpagne, '46. is in France . . . ditto S/Sgt. Joe Roulier,
’45 . . . Lt. Arnold Ellerin, '41, of the Air Corps, has
moved from Gen. Mitchell Field in Wisconsin to
Mather Field, California . . . Ens. Iryen Swire, ’44,
left Newport for a “0/0 Fleet PO" address . . . Cpl.
Douglas Murphy, '41, transferred from Camp Santa
Anita to Inglewood California . . . S’s Z/c George
Poulos and Abe Sherer, ’47 are both in Shoemaker,
California . . . Albert Laurie, ’46, USN. is now at a
Receiving Station in New York . . . Jean Delehanty,
has arrived in England for further assignment in the
European Theater of Operations as American Red
Cross staff assistant.

STILL MORE

Pvt. lly Melts, '41, is working in a. hospital in
France . . . says spring in France is beautiful, too
(but I still wanna go home) . . . Lt. Lou Greenspan,
'41 "Somewhere in the Philippines." tells of an esca-
padc in which a Jan was captured only 100 yards from
where the Lt.’s tent is located . . . Sgt. Buck IIIpplck,
'45, has done a lot of biyouacking around England
way . . . Sgt. Mike I'erretta, ’43, now home on fur-
lough . . . the mournful strains of “Ach du Lieber
Augustine" float (on flat notes) from a German song-
books sent to us by Lt. Louis Itablneau, ’45.

PEN PAL

Capt. Stephen Godfrey, '41, writes from the Philip-
pines: “As time goes on, I meet more people from
S.C.T. out this way. Lou Greenspan dropped in on
me one day and we had quite a chat. And passing
out free lunches at one Red Cross spot I happened to
drop in on Madalyn Beers" . . . Capt. Godfrey also
describes a "glimpse of the happy Filipinosz” "They
have a fine culture~colleges, schools and universi—
ties—«and a race history. In all our dealings with
them, they have been fair and polite and it is a
pleasure to do business with them. Little girls come
around every day to get your laundry while their
mothers await nearby with more of the family to
carry it home. Sometimes they don’t understand what
you are saying. but Just smile and bob their heads
shyly and say "yes" to any question no matter what
the right answer happens to be" . . . the Filipino
children are described as being extremely cleanly
dressed as Capt. Godfrey watches them “troop off to
school each morning" (just like us) . . .

  

a; pound oooraa

one of the riddles of State col-
lege is WAA.- There’s no need for it.
A logk-see into the matter clarifies
muc .

‘ How To Get To Be .4 Member

Simple, Ton. All you gotta do is
pay your student tax and be a girl.
That automatically makes you a

' member. From then on, it's up to

you. Your membership goes as far
as your interest does.
HowJ'o Get Credit

Participate in at least one sport
offered throughout the year. This
means you’re active and therefore
qualified to vote.) Incidentally, 10
hours participation to get credit for
a sport. No homework either.

How. To Get To Be An Officer

Any old buck private can be
eligible (this ain't the army) for
election to an office providing she
has 1 nose, 2 eyes, and 3 credits in
sports.

What Little WAA’s Made Of

Roosevelt and WAA—they both
got cabinets. In this case, it’s
called WAA Council. It consists
of the President, Vice-President,
Office Manager, Secretary, Treas-
urer, Publicity Director, Class Man-
agers and Representatives are elect-
ed in class elections whereas the
other officers are elected only by
the qualified members of WAA.
(See Paragraph 3.)

The managers and representatives
organize their class in rivalry in re-
gard to all sports.

The office manager works. She has

   

if

.; z  j .1..',_..i_srhtrcbtiitét ﬂagship». Artiriiﬁoai'

charge of sports credits. the files. the
voting lists, and athletic publications.
What’s This Thing Called

Honor Council.- Every year two
Junior girls, on the basis of active
participation in WAA since their
freshman year, are elected by WAA
Council to receive this honor. The
girls must be socially and scholastic-
ally as well as athletically good rep-
resentatives of the College. Material
symbols of this honor are the white
WAA jackets—sported this year by
Now and Sanderson.

Otras Awards

1. Credit in 4 sports a year—your

class numerals in chenille.

2. Credit in 4 sports a year for

three years—gold key.
All in Favor . .

On April 16, a new amendment
will be voted on. It stipulates that
the President and Vice-President
will be chosen on the same ballot.
This means that the person with the
1st preferential vote will be Presi-
dent, and the one who is 2nd will
automatically be the Vice-President.

This is good. It means one deserv-
ing person won't be eliminated from
Council merely because of defeat in
a popular election. Not bad, eh?

In Conclusion

May we open our big mouths and
say it is difficult to ﬁnd an activity
at College more systematically or-
ganized than WAA. It bends over
backwards to make sure its repre-
sentatives are chosen fairly and
democratically. What more d'ya
want? You’ve taken calisthenics . . .

 

7/ou Gate

71”“

We...

By MILTON G. NELSON. Dean of the College ——

In this article, Dr. Nelson reports on a study madc to determine if pos-
sible whether or not there is a critical point in high school preparation
below which. academic success in New York State College for Teachers

is not probable.

The largest class of freshmen in
many years was admitted to the New
York State College for Teachers in
September, 1943. Of a total of 358
freshmen, 336 completed enough
work to enable a comparison to be
made between high school accomp-
lishment and their college success.

As you all know, the minimum
average necessary to earn the bache-
lor's degree at this College is C. In
making our study of the class of
1947, we assumed that students who
earned C or better were accomplish-
ing satisfactory work and those who,
during their freshman year, did not
earn a C average were accomplish-
ing unsatisfactory results. The pur-
pose of this study was to determine,
if possible, whether or not there is
a critical point in high-school prepa-
ration below which academic success
in this College is not probable.

A quality-point score was comput-
ed for each student which made it
possible to compare directly the ad-
mission average with the quality of
work shown as a result of the first
year of college study. The results of
this comparison are shown by the
following table.

% attaining

High-school C average
accomplishment or better
89-97 (included) 91.6
83—88 (included) 71.4
75-82 (included) 35.1

The three levels of high-school ac-
complishment shown were not select—
ed at random but were indicated by
the levels of college work: that is,
the distribution of college grades i‘ell
naturally into three groups as shown
in the above table.

Another way of stating the results
of this comparative study would be
to say that the high group. as classi-
fied by high-school record. has bet-
ter than nine chances out of ten of
earning C average or better during
the first year of college study: the
middle group has better than seven
chances out of ten; and the lowest
group three and a half out of ten.

Another factor shown by this
study was that on October 1, 1044,
27% of the lowest group had disap-
peared from the College while but
16% of the middle and highest
groups had disappeared.

At this point it should be record-
ed that the thirty-seven students
showing the lowest high-school aver-
age were assigned to a specialist in
guidance who devoted four periods
each Week to advising and assisting
these persons. The rest of the fa-
culty were not given the names of

these students. What the compara-
tive results might have been had
no guidance been furnished, of
course, cannot be estimated, but it is
fair to assume at least that this
special guidance service caused no
harm and that it is probable that
college accomplishment was im-
proved.

Careful analysis of the records as-
sembled by this study seems to make
valid three conclusions:

A. A critical point in high-school
accomplishment is found at
eighty-Line and that students
falling at this average or bet-
ter may be expected to a:-
complish superior results in
College.

B. A critical point in high-school

accomplshment is found at
eighty-three and that students
falling at this average or better
may be expected to accomplish
average work or better in Col-
logo.
The group of students falling
below the critical point eighty-
threc may be expected to have
trouble with College work.

It must be kept in mind that the
information and assumptions used
are based upon averages. Some stu-
dents in the lowest group did well
and some n the highest group poor-
ly. This is to be expected but, taking
the groups as shown, the lowest
group seems to be a poor risk for the
State of New York if there are avail-
able aplicants who present better
high-school accomplishment, and
equivalent personalities.

Another point of View, and a most
important one, is the effect upon the
individual student when failure is his
lot. This is most important and. in
fact, may be more important than
the investment made by the State
that supports the College. The State
loses money when a student fails:
the student loses not only money
but perhaps loses some personal
traits more vital. more valuable than
money. Does it seem Just to admit to
college a student who has. on the
average, loss than a fifty per cent
chance to succeed? Probably not,
and you are urged, therefore, to keep
these facts in mind when you advise
students concerning entrance to this
College. Give them a fair chance
under the conditons they will face
here at Albany. and remember that
an average computed by the College
at below eighty-three indicates prob-
ably a heartbreak for the student
during his early years in the College.

0.

Reprinted from the Jmmuru. 19/,5, issue of the Alumni Quarterly

...

What Price An. Idea . .pl.‘

.It’s an important day when an idea becomes a
reality. In college onei‘too=often becomes entangled
in theory and embued yvith the sacredness of his
ideas to think muchabout- the important thing,
which is, putting those ideas into practice. How
many noble thoughts, born during a bull session or
class discussion, die just as quickly when brought
up against the hard facts of everyday existence?
Too many ideas cannot exist side by side with the
actual conditions which affect them.

It has been an important semester for State
College because this year an idea did become a
reality. It is an idea which has been talked about
since the College was founded, namely, that there
is tolerance and undemocratic methods existing here
and that something can be done about them.

Nine students and six faculty members have
made this idea, which is so old, become a living
thing. It finds its life in a group called the Com-
mittee of Fifteen. Their constitution consists solely
of two purposes: 1. To examine and obtain in-
formation about intolerant and undemocratic prac-
tices in the College and alleviate those practices
through the best channels and 2. Promote cultural
and racial toleration in this institution.

For definite contributions by the barely two-
monih’s old organization, we are able to point out
the tea for Langston Hughes, Negro poet, last
month. They have contacted similar national or-

' ganizations and are planning to work with these.

The Committee is not idle now. The best part of
it‘s work will probably be evident by next year.

This grotlp does not work with spectacular
means. Many of its accomplishments may never
be publicized as its work. The purpose' of the
Committee is to merely investigate and suggest
With an objectivity which is not enclosed within
the'four walls of a constitution and a promotion
system.

That is how an idea is becoming a reality. it is
not an idea which is going to back down before
the facts.

Comes ZE Revolutionl . . .

‘ We hate to mention it again, but the News of—
fice is the working establishment of the State
College News. As such it cannot also be the Locker
Room Annex, the storage room for unused books
and clothes and the chief hang-out for all who
find the smoke-laden air healthful.

For several years now, the News has been waiting
for a vacant space on the blackboard to post notices
pertaining to the publication of the newspaper and
the duties of the reporters. Needless to say. such
space cannot be found since the board is used for
casual notes, morning greetings, and "meet you at
the 130111" scruwls. I

Clothing and books of sundry sorts still clutter
up theNltws Office in spite of the many requests
issued in the past. If this situation is not remedied
immediately, the News stuff will take action by (lis-
posmg of all articles left in the office. Owners may
apply for lost possessions lo the Lost and l“ollnll
Department.

The purge is on again and we intend to make it
the last. We do not mind visitors, but please lcuvu
your belongings behind or take them with you
We need the desks in work on. ' '

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol, XXIX April 13. 1045 No. 21
Member . . .
[\ssoeluled (‘ollegluio l'ross (‘olliilglliiibu'i‘iigest
'i‘ho lunlel'grmluufu news - ' 'l ' ‘
‘ H. ' ' H . . pupel oi Hm .\ow l N. SI
(holin ipl lt-ueilers; published every ll‘l'lilliy oi') lilo ('lbll‘f
(.go your by lhe Nl'iWH Mount for lllii Slum-m .\.~‘~oivlu~

lion. l’honos: ()f’fioe, 5-0373; Meyers, B-lllii7; l)rury 127511.
The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYERS
SUNNA E. COOPER )
EDNA M. MARSH 
LOIS DRURY .

DOROTHEA SMITH
JOAN HYLIND
JOAN aeaemcn
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

ISUI'I'Oﬂ-iN-Clllllf’
CO-MANAGING EDITORS
BUOINEB MANAGE"
CIIICUI.ATION MANAGE"
BPORTB EDITOR

' ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

We»?

All coinm'lplicullons should he addressed to the miller and
lbc SlAll'l (.‘(JLLliula NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its View.

 

A College “Groups

Announce Plans '
. Forum Schedules Trip

Commuters Plan Party

Department Clubs and other col-
lege organizations have announced
plans for activities during the com-
ing weeks.

The Albany County League of
Women Voters, working through
Forum, has invited State students to
participate in a Field Trip to the
New York State Department of Edu-
cation tomorrow morning from 10:30
to 12 noon. This trip has been ar-
ranged to acquaint prospective teach-
ers with the Department of Educa-
tion and its various subdivisions. A
brief talk by one of the Commission-
ers in the Regents Room will be fol-
lowed by visits to selected divisions
and bureaus, including those of ele-
mentary and secondary education.

This program is offered to college
students by the League of Women
Voters as part of its non-partisan
program of citizen education. Stu-
dents who have not done so already
may sign up on the Forum bulletin
board in the lower hall of Draper.
The number of State students who
may attend is tentatively limited to
30.

Foreign Correspondents

All those who wish to sign up to
write to a French, German or Span-
ish correspondent have been asked
to do so by next Friday. They should
contact either Josephine Valente,
’45, or Constance Titterington, ’46.
There is a charge of 25 cents to sign
up. Plans are being made to send
the names in to the World Youth
Council. Miss Valente, President of
Spanish Club, is in charge of the
Spanish correspondents, and Miss
Titterington, president of French
Club, will take charge of the French
and German correspondents.
Commuters Party

Commuters Club has completed
plans for its Open House tomorrow
night in the Commons from 8 to 12
P. M. The theme of the party is
April Showers, and the Commons
will be decorated in keeping with
this idea. Shirley Rice, '46, president
of the group, has announced that
more than 50 commuters have signed
up to attend. Men have been invited
from nearby colleges.

Chem Meeting

Yefkin DerBedrosian. ’45, presi-
dent of Chemistry Club, has an-
nounced that a meeting will be held
Tuesday at 8 P M. in room 250,
Huested. The feature of the meeting
will be a report on Cosmetics by two
members of the group.

SCA To Elect
'45-'46 Officers
in Coming Week

Eleanor Hayslip, ’45, President of
Student Christian Association an-
nounces that nominations have been
made to fill the SCA offices for the
coming year.

Nominees will be voted on next
Week, Monday thru Friday, at a table
in Lower Draper: they are: Presi-
dent, Harriet Brinkman, and Betty
Hamilton, Seniors; Vice-president,
Jean Ferris, Virginia Greenmun,
Alice MacGowun, and Geraldine
Van Allen, Juniors; ’l‘rcasurcr, Joan
Alverson, Dorothy Caughran, Marge
do Lorraine, and Alice Knapp,
Sophomores; Secretary, E l l e c n
Abrams, William Baldwin, Marie
Balfoort. Marion Micros, and Ruth
Seelbuch, freshmen.

There will be an open meeting of
SCA on Wednesday at 7:30 P. M. in
the Lounge. The meeting will be a
panel discussion on “What Are My
Chances For A Successful Mal'riugc.’
Participating in the discussion will
be Dr. Seymour Smith, Resident
Chaplain at R.P.I., Dr. Margaret
Hayes, Assistant Professor of Edu-
cation, Martha Sprengcr. '45, and an
un-named R.P.I. Naval Student.

The Newman Club Retreat has
been called off. due to the difficulty
of securing a speaker and enough
food, but the meetings will be held
as usual: Monday, 3:30 P.M.. in the
Lounge: Tuesday, 0:30 P.M., at Chi
Sigma Theta. Members in Farrell
House, Pierce Hall, Saylcs Hall. and
Saylcs Annex are urged to attend
the meetings held in school.

  

 

  

WE “Li-“5'”.st Huber. Ann.

 

Stole Songbirds Fill Air
As Trio Croons on Radio

Fantasy has it 'that three little
pigs went to market. . . . Time
marched on . . . and a modern
twist crept into the ancient gist.

‘Grunts and groans turned to
s;1ver tongued tones while dainty
“wedgies” wended their way to-
ward the fame ladened ."mike."

From the grave to the groove
was but a jivy step for the Dia-
mend Trio. Book grind nonentity
succumbed to orchids and ova-
t.cns as swing reigned king.

Trop. Kiesel and Lengyel gave,
the audience swooned and the
rafters clattered.

Veteran-like, the joyous gems
gleam-ed in the spotlight and fell
faint across the footlights.

Reporters raved . . . headlines
blared . . . contracts mounted . . .
but fate and parental authority
intervened.

‘Burial of unrequited hope!"

With the world at their feet,
the three little sparklers had to
again beat their reat pleats into
classroom seats.

 

 

 

Pi Gamma Mu
To Debate Frat

Phi Iota Alpha. Latin American
fraternity at Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute, will meet Pi Gamma Mu,
national honorary social studies fra-
ternity. at a round table discussion
in the Lounge. Thursday at 8:00
P. M. There will be three or four
primary speakers. however several
other members will attend the meet-
ing.

Paul de Albuquerque, a member of
the fraternity, is already well known
here at State. having spoken here
recently for a Forum meeting. Sev-
eral other members have experienced
exceptionally interesting experiences
in their native lands.

An art exhibit of Latin American
art and artists and an additional dis-
play of Latin American literature
will accompany the discussion. All
students are invited to attend this
round table gathering.

State To Partake
in National Drive

Marie Libel, ’46, chairman of War
Activities Council has anounced a
second old clothes drive. This drive
is under the direction of the National
Red Cross and is scheduled for the
month 01' April. War activities groups
throughout the United States are
collecting old clothes for the benefit
of all of the countries needing help;
the drive has not been specifically
assigned for the benefit of any one
country.

This week State College will par-
ticipate in the part of the drive as-
signed to Albany. Geraldine Saba-
tini, '40. chairman of the drivo, has
announced that there will be boxes
in each group house. For commuters
there will be a receptacle in the
lower hull of Draper. /‘

Arbitration Conference

fCou/iuucll from. page .1, column 1}

full. Miss Goldbergcr. and Robert
Sullivan, '40.

Miss Golclberger and Miss Garfall
were invited by Dr. Sayles to act
as members of a panel discussion on
the Arbitration Convention at a re-
cenl. faculty meeting. Dr. Cooper
has advanced the idea that all
State Colleges should get together
every year, not necessarily for an
Arbitration Conference but rather
to discuss student government af-
fairs and problems.

An interesting fact brought out
in the discussion at the convention
was the fact that the student gov-
ernment setup here is more dcmo~
(n'utie than that of any other col-
lege rimresented. State, for example,
is the only college which had legis-
lative, executive, and Judical
branches of government.

Elected delegates wore Miss Gar-
i'ull, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Weinberg, and
James Brophy. ‘40. Others who at-
tended were Miss Goldgergcr. and
Harriet Brinkman, Shirley Passow,
and Evelyn Wolf, Juniors.

 

out... 
Announce Plan’s.“
- Joya, Davis, Gross,‘

Boxer, Fillmon To Direct

Play Production Class and The

College Playhouse, the two dramatic
organizations on campus, have an-
nounced plans for future presenta-
tions. '
Marianne Davis, ’48, and Julie
Boxer, ’47, have released the casts
for the plays which they are direct-
ing under the sponsorship of the
Play Productions Class. ,

Miss Boxer‘announces the mem-
bers of her cast as Mother, Grace

  
 

Jones, ’48, Oldest daughter, Emily,_

Patricia Hydorf, ’48, and Brother
Bob, Bruce Hansen, ’48. This play is
a psychological study of a domin-
eering mother and her acquiescent
daughter. The daughter, yearning
for an artistic career, attempts to
escape to New York and is thwarted
by her overbearing mother. The play
will be staged April 24 at Page Hall.

Second Cast

The second cast, released by Mar-
ianne Davis, ’46, is Mrs. Harding,
Gloria Jaifer, '48; Katherine, Mary
Ellen Dlener, ’47, and Mary, Edith
Dell, ’48. This plot revolves
around the struggle of two women,
one married, one single, for the same
man; the familiar triangle with dif-
ferent twists. The date of the play is
May 8.
More Plays

Two other plays. directed by Lois
Filiman and Shirley Gross, sopho-
mores, were also to have been pre-
sented by the Play Productions
Group, but due to snags in casting
and rehearsal setting, rehearsals
have been suspended for an indeﬁ-
nite interal. The casts for these plays
will be announced at a later date
according to the two directors.

D 8. A Exhibits
Record History
Of Photography

Action Photography, a photo-
graphic exhibit presented by Dra-
matics and Arts Council, opened yes-
terday and will continue through
May 3. The exhibition, which is
open to the public, is being held
on the second floor of Draper Hall.

All types of photographic record
ing 01' action, with the exception of
motion pictures, are on view. The
chronological range of the exhibit
starts with an 1837 daguerreotype
of a Paris street showing a men
having his boots shined and con-
tinues through the multiple-camera
pictures made by Muy-bridge in 1877
and the multiple-exposure experi-
ments by Marcy in 1888. both of
which were forerunners of the mov-
ies; astronomical photography; the
hand camera; the miniature cam-
era; news and war photography; the
silhouette method where the sha-
dow is recorded directly on the sen-
sitized plate or film by electric spark
without use of lens; and on to the
most advanced stroboscropic pho-
tography of today.

Photographers whose work is
shown in the exhibit include:
Thomas Bouchard, Margaret Bourke-
Whitc, Henri Cartier-Bresson,
Thomas Eakins. Alfred Eakins, Al-
i‘rcd Eisenstacdt, Eliot Elisoi’on,
Morris Engel, Andreas Feinlnger, Dr.
Arnold Gentle, H. J. Hagenguth,
Helen Levitt, Rennie Lohse, Paul
Martin, Herbert Matter, Gjon Mill,
Lisette Model, Barbara Morgan,
Arthur Pulme, Dr. Erich Salomon,
Adrian Seigel. Peter Stackpole, Al-
l'red Sticglitz, Paul Strand, William
Vundlvert, Weegcc. and Cedric
Wright.

 

   

Mr .
Expres e. _
 ‘ , .— by 1
Versatile, exacting, and vivid _
else to. describe thewatercolors f

Miss Grace'Martin which were re-
cently on exhibit?  " x

Her works consist of locales, maps, L

 

and still life. They’re accentuated
by her keen use of architectural de-
sign, fresh coior, preciseness, and
ﬁneness of brush stroke.
or the four still-life, one was out-
standing. It had the benefit of the
artist’s experience in regard to color,
lines, and texture of the various ob-
jects. It wasn’t an ordinary apple;
Cezanne might have painted it.
Walking down Washington Avenue
the other day, we passed the antique
shop. We knew we’d seen it some
time before—except the snow was
gone. Miss Martin says, “I’ve never
painted snow before this." But “An:
tiques, Washington Avenue" has that
beautiful snow in pastels which
makes winter beautiful. v
Looking around, another painting
catches our eye — “Dune Country,

     

Guides, Stall
Will Be Elected

Plans for organizing Student
Guides and Fr0sh Camp will be un-
derway in the near future according
to Joan Mather, '46 and Eleanor
Hayeslip, '45, chairmen of these re-
spective groups. They have planned
to begin such work early this year
in order to allow time for complete
organization and to create greater
interest on the part of upper class-
men. ,

Anyone interested should sign the
lists in Dean Stokes’ office sometime
before Wednesday at 3:30 P. M. If
a student wishes to sign for both
functions she may do so, however all
who sign these lists will not neces-
sarily be chosen. Only ﬁfty counsel-
ors will be taken for the camp week-
end and these only on the basis of
special abilities and interests.

These two programs are set up in
order that freshmen may make an
easier adjustment to college life.
Frosh Camp is the traditional social
week end before opening session,
while Student Guides continue this
work started at camp, in addition to
making them acquainted with col-
lege personnel, customs, and tradi-
tions.

 

Press Bureau Board

Adds New Members

Several new members have been
added to the Press Bureau Board,
according to Vera Kozak, '45, dir-
ector of Press Bureau. Two Senior
members, Eileen Heineg and Flor-
ence Graham were added to this
group as they had shown exceptional
interest in the work.

The new Sophomore Board mem-
bers are: Anne Mastrangelo, Audrey
Cox, Dolores Ganslow, Joy Beckers,
Bertha Wakin, and Santina Sergi.
Junior and freshman members will
be announced on Moving-Up Day.

Patricia Sheehan, ’47, a Sopho-
more Board member, attempted to
secure an interview with “Life” Ma-
gazine for State's Moving-Up Day
and though she was not able to
secure a personal interview, several
letters have been written to this
magazine with the hope they can
photograph the ceremony this color-
i‘ul day at State College.

FRANOIS J

201 CENTRAL AVE.

. LAMBERT

JEWELER
Expert Repairing
Watches -—— Clocks -— Jewelry

te ., a
. ,.utf.1e;rs.car .
speaking or loeii‘scoior , '  ‘ 
think of ‘ the one, in ‘the inner, -
"Wheat country inthe Vertical the ’

. Windmill"—-wh'i¢‘:h was painted , j in

120 degrees hot burning sun.’ .The-
precision of the windmill proves, she
knows what her brush is dotng in
regard to architectural design. There
was the soreness of brush stroke and
fine detail. .
our theory on this is furthered
even more upon looking at "Bridge
Front Street, N. Y. C." and “Sara-
tcga House." The gigantic bridge is
no whim of the artist-it's avsteel
construction. As for “Saratoga
House," the columns again show her
ability for architectural design.

We saved the thing we liked best
for last in which all her above-
mentioned talents are combined in-
to one potent product that surpasses
all. We usually think of a map—
as a map. But not this one. It's
history, English, geography, folklore
and ART.

Yes. all in all, her paintings are
vivacious, exacting, and versatile.
They reflect Miss Martin's person-
ality—and what a personality!

 

 

Statesman Plan-

May Semi-Formal
At Country Club

The statesmen have announced
that their second semi-formal dance
will be held on May 12 at the Aurania.
Club on—South Allen Street.

Although the original intention
was to give a twin-dance at Sayles
and Pierce Halls in the style of the
pre-war formals, this plan has been
abandoned in favor of the Auriania
Club idea because of the extra danc-
ing space the Aurania ball-room af-
fords. The Aurania Club was in for-
mer years the scene of the State
Senior Balls. ‘
,Gray's Orchestra

Phillip Lashinsky, '47, general
chairman of the affair, has dis-
closed that Freddie Gray’s orches-
tra will again furnish the music for
the dance. Mr. Gray held forth with
his eight piece orchestra and vocalist
at the ﬁrst statesmen’s semi-formal
on January 13.

Committees for the affair are now
working out the ﬁnal details; heading
these committees are James Cran-
dall, ’45, Arrangements and Joseph
Palesky, '45, Tickets.

Tickets may be purchased from
any Statesman and are priced at
$2.40 per couple.

Informal Dance Tonight

The statesmen are holding an in-
formal date dance tonight in the
Lounge from 8:30 to 12. This affair
is exclusively for the Statesmen and
their dates.

Richard Smith, ’47, is in charge of
refreshments.

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

loll-é CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

 

PHONE 4-7915

 

lllOE ALLEYS

Western d: Quail
150 a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

OTTO II. MENOE

THI COLLIGI szuza
103 CENTRAL AVE. .

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

ICE—200 CENTRAL AVENU E

 

Try Our l‘lusinessman's Lunch

DIAL 5-1913

OAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

