 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established Mayi‘l 916
By' the (In: of 1918

November 2, 1945 No. 7

ill-Inlior Distributor
Assooiniou i'olli-gluie l'I'css Collegiate Digest
l‘IIi- IIuIn-I'ngIIIiiuio newspaper of the New York Shite
Cnill'ui- for 'l‘oiieiiers: published every Friday of the Col-
lege your by the NEWS llouril for tho SIIIIlI-nt Asset-iii-
tion. l'lioni-s; HL‘I‘III'IL‘II. 2-0120;0'.\’c|1, 3,0538; li‘eur, 8-1011;
(.‘rniiiur. 20870.

The News Board
ELIZABETH s. O'NEIL - - - - EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
JOAN D. BERBRICH - - - -CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
ISABEL FEAR . o - susINEss MANAGER
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO - - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARGERY CRAMER - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
MARY SULLIVAN - - - SPORTS EDITOR
KATHRYN HAGERTY - AssocIATE EDITOR
MARY TESSIER - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

tags.“ 2

All commuulcziilons should be addressed to the eili'or and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon roouesi
'I'lie STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibillii
Ior opinions expressed in its columns or cominunli-Iiiions
as .~‘Ilili oxiii'ossI-Ilis Iio IIoi III-ci-ssiiriiy reflect II.~‘ View

7AM

Goa/aequ
@MM

SHIRLEY SIEGEL PASSOW

 

 

There are Americans who still argue that you can't
trust the masses—despite 170-years’ justification for
mass democracy.

There are Americans who think the Bill of Rights
apply to all men—except Catholics, Jews, Negroes,
foreigners, Lutherans, Italians, or whoever else is
outside their private catalogue of desirables.

There are Americans who believe in free speech,
free press, free religion—unless other people's free-
dom permits opinions they condemn, or faiths to
which they will not subscribe.

Many of these people consider themselves defenders
of democracy. Many of these people consider them-
selves fine citizens because they vote in elections, or
give to the community chest, or went to college.

Many—too many—of these people teach and will be
trained for their profession along democratic lines.
They will be hired with the primary obligation of
Transmitting our Democratic Heritage to the genera-
tions of pupils they influence.

But they will be traitors to teaching and to America
because subconsciously they repudiate democracy.

“Truth” being “what you believe," don't take my
word for it. Recall the conversations you’ve had with
your friends recently. Measure them against the lib-
eral standards to which you are exposed in college.
Take your own sentiments out of their resting places
and test them with the relentless impartiality of
democratic principles. Ask yourself if you are living
or trying to live according to the Constitution that
governs us.

Then decide whether you are equipped to teach
democracy in the schools of New York State. It's a
big job, that one. It takes knowledge, yes; and a
college degree; and most important of all. it takes
sympathetic understanding of human nature.

Why are your pupils the way they are? From the
first Education 10 session. we are made to face this
sine qua. non of classroom success. Aro they too shy?
Too poor? Physically hundlcnpped'.’ is their skin the
“wrong” color (for America?) [)0 they go to church
on Saturday while most of their clussmutcs go on
Sunday? Are they deal not stupid? Or sick not
inattentive? Are they bereft of soolul graces?

Are YOU willing to study them to learn what makes
one child an isolate, and his neighbor the most popu-
lur child in class?

Are you prcpurcd to give them this uttcntion so
that before they over memorize it. from some toxt
they bcllove "dcniocrucy cniplinsizcs the worth of
the individiiul'“! And if you uro willing to fill this
prerequisite, have you the oqiiipmont'.’ it's not enough
merely to wnnt to nndorstuiul poopic. it tukiis knowl-
odgo, discussion, and most important of all, personal
contact. Library psychologists ofton full to bundle
their own children micoossfiilly. (llussroom sociolo-
gists arc soinctimos frunkly perplexed when liundod
II roul lifc problem to solve.

i’olnt of order: For those who onjoy riciontifio
classification. tho preceding discussion could bo ilticii
lntorgroiip Relations.

Its main points will be ruined uud hushed ovor lo-
dIiy and tomorrow ut the Student Conference on in~
tcrgroup Itclutlons.

When the conference ends. there Will probably be
Ii muss of questions, doubts and conlrmilotory theories
hanging in the air. There will also, ooiil’ul‘uuco gIVcrs
hope, he a new concern with the Iliti‘lciiclon of 1mm“.
ing human relations. III the lust analysis, that is
what inturgroup relations comprise that is what the
Intercollegiate conference is about-wont] thiit is why
Inter-Group Council was born,

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1945

eel/eye elude-«1M

By CULLINAN & HILT

Can you cross a bridge? Especially when this bridge sepa-
rates a hill of free-lancing faculty from a mountain of cynical
students. Yes, we students are proud of our system of faculty

hon-intervention and at the same time faculty are relieved

from excessive burdens due to extra-curricular activities.

 

eammmicdiand

To the Editor:

That Rivalry has begun between
the freshmen and Sophomores, is
becoming apparent—in fact, all too
apparent according to the standards
of a neutral observer or an unpre-
judiced freshman or Sophomore.

Recently, situations have arisen
which, I admit. could logically serve
as a bone of contention, but my
belief is that Rivalry is taking a
much more serious part of the
freshman and Sophomore attitude
than it should. Rivalry spirit is
good; it should be encouraged. but
it can also be carried too far. The
right kind of Rivalry spirit is OK.
but that should be as far as it goes.

The antagonism between the
freshmen and Sophomores has arisen
to such a point now that bitter ene-
mies are being made instead of last-
ing friendships.

Such things as the damaging of
peronal property, as in the case of
Paula Tichy’s car on the eve of
Campus Day, are not a part of
Rivalry from my viewpoint and from
that of many other fair-minded
people. Whoever the guilty fresh-
man is should be made to paint the
car yellow over the brilliant crim-
son coat he has given it. He would
find it is no easy or even inexpen-
sive job. Another development that
occurred was the mix-up over the
old-clothes race Saturday morning.
Both classes had the rules given to
them orally, by members of Mys-
kania in the presence of wit-
nesses, immediately preceding
the race and because the Sop-
homores were careless enough
not to listen to the rules attentively,
they should not blame Myskania for
their error—heartbreaking though
it may have been. Myskania did
what it had to do and as usual, its
decision was the fairest.

Whichever side loses in any event,
a very unsportsmanlike attitude is
always adopted—or so it seems. For
instance—in the Campus Day skits
—even if the Sophomores do think
their skit was the best, the judges
didn't and neither did plenty of
other people so I think the Sopho-
mores should stop griping and let it
ride.

Things have developed to an ex-
tent where if a Sophomore or fresh-
mcn doesn't not widely excited or
else sink into the depths of despair
over victory or defeat, he is black
hailed as the drippiest of droops.

The freshmen happened to catch
some Sophomores cvesdropplng on
their skit rehearsal one night mid
raised mayhem over it. They were
very bitter about a little mutter of
some friendly Rivalry that any class
with somo spunk would be oxpoclod
to do.

This luck of friondly Rivulry
spirit is it condition to bo dcploi'od.
lllvulry wnsn’l. inslitiilod to bring
aiboiit iiiiy bud foolings boiwrrn lho
i‘I'oslimoii Iiiid Sophomoros; ii‘s sup-
poscd to ho u lot of fun.

So this is one Sophonioro's opin—
ion iliiil. both cliissos should try to
bring iI llltlo Inoi'o spoi'lsmunslilp
lnlo ihoir roluilons with ouch oilior.
ltivulry. in tho long run. (loosn‘t
amount to much but l'l'loiiilslilps
do.

A Sophomore

'l‘o ilio I‘itIIllll‘Z

Wlioii u finunrinl rosolnllon of
any proportion is to ho Iicioil upon
by Sludqu Association, 1 think lliul
ilio Hilldi'lll. llonrd oi li‘innnco should
be udvlsod bofoi'o llio monsilro Iii
brought up in iissomhly; so that wo
Inin pI-opiiro (llli'ﬁl‘IVi‘ri 1o unswor
qurslionu rogurding tho flniiiiciiil
sluluu of llio iiusoclnlion.

During the ussonibiy of ()ctoboi‘
20. the motion was mode that We up-
proprliito $2000 from the surplus
for the Student Union li‘und. Natur-
ally, any intelligent student is not
going to vote $2000 out of our sur-

As Dr. Burton. the new substitute
professor of English, admits, "It is
amazing that state has accomplished
so much without faculty aid." How-

ever, we must realize that this inde- ‘

pendence on the part of faculty and
students may lead to serious “gap-
osis" in student-faculty relation-
ships.
Faculty Friendly

Too often we view our faculty
merely as fonts of information ra-
ther than individuals with person-
alities. Our profs are more than
eager to lend us a hand when we
need it. Even though they may seem
to bear that bear-y” look, they more
than encourage us to visit them dur-
ing their free periods. Yet how many
of us go in and talk over photo-
graphy with Dr. Hendrickson or the
pangs of the heart with Dr. Hicks?
Of course we hardly advocate the
practice at Oswego State College for
Teachers where one of the profes-
sors insists on being called “Jimmy
but we think a medium can be
struck between this informality and
our stand-offish manner here at
State. Our faculty are most willing
to share their free time, whereas
there is the example of the Cornell
prof whose conference hours are
posted as being Friday from i to 2

PM.
Not Apple Polishing

Perhaps you think you are apple
polishing if you drop in for fifteen
minutes! Perhaps the rest of the
gang thinks so too! Does this mean
that college students are so iirhued
with adolescent viewpoint that; the
position of the college professor be—
comes similar to that of a high school
teacher?

It seems that for the future Big-
8's we shall have to reserve a special
section for the faculty—especially if
they continue to come in the same
tumultuous crowds as they did last
Friday night (all two of them). A
STATE COLLEGE News is supposedly
for each of the teachers here at
State. If htey read these issues
(and we sincerely hope they do)
why don't we see more of them at
our functions, strongly featured in
the News.

Effort Needed

On the other hand perhaps it is
the fault of the students. The major
part of our publicity is directed tow-
ard the students rather than fac-
ulty. There used to be a good old
custom here, whereby facility mem-
bers were individually offered tic-
kets to each of the college func-
tions. The stairs are high and the
posters weak. Maybe it little effort
on the part of the students to con-
tact the faculty would result in it
little effort on tho pnrt of the fa-
.iilty to show up ut our big doings.
if you can stand these constant
references to ().S.’l‘.C. (half of your
oolin’nnist comes from Oswcgol we
would like to point out that up-
proxlmutoly 50 per cent of their
i'uciilly Iittonil nll major collogo
functions.

’l‘ho route is plainly mui'iiod, the
way is not difficult let's biiiid big-
gor und hoitoi' bridgos for strong-
or and more lusting unity!

’l‘his oollogo is i)llI..\'I.llll(IIlli£ for
its students. distinguished for its
fuoiilly, why not null-:e it oxocp-
lioniil in oomblnntion‘.’

plus willioiil IIskiiig qiiosllons. Wlioii
lho sliiilonls nskod qnosiions of tho
l“inunco llouril. ivo woro comploioly
Impropzn'I-Il to unswor duo to tho fuct
lliul llll' rosoliillon rumo In; u rom-
plI-lo siirpriso to us.

Miiny hilllli'lllﬁ llioiiglii ihnl wo
woron'i doing our job proporly bo-
(‘uilso \vo couldn't ulvo Ii l'linuirlnl
uocounling. biil wo don‘t prolond io
bo wnlklng onoyrlopodlus wo I-iin’l
bollior i-lullorlnu our minds with it
101 of oxirnnooiui figures.

in ilio i‘iiiuro, if the li‘inunco lloIii'd
ivoi'o udvlsod on coming rosoliilions,
We could come to assembly prepared
to answer your questions.

Sincerely,

Dick Smith. '47.
Representative to Stil-
deiit lioiird of Finance

I G C Presents . . .

The First Student Conference on Inter-Group re-
lations opens at 9:30 this morning and will close
tomorrow night with an address by Eleanor Roose-
velt. This will be the first inter-collegiate program
held at our College in over a decade.

With this conference, an organization that waded
through a turbulent sea of cynicism and criticism
attains one of its first goals. Inter-Group Council
has reached the last step in proving itself worthy
of a firm niche on the State College Campus.

The conference is based on the ideal that precipi-
tated the organization of the Council itself—the
education of the teacher in democracy. “What can
I do to guarantee every child that I influence a fair
chance for happiness in America—regardless of
race, creed, color or nationality?” This is the chal-
lenge before the delegates from the ten State Teach-
er Colleges who will attend, and before us.

In th various sessions we will be offered an op-
portunity to air our thoughts on this subject of
democratic classroom practices, analyze and discuss
frankly the pro’s and con’s, and determiiie what
attitudes we shall adopt toward members of all
racial and ethnic groups, both in the school and
in the community. There will be no restriction of
speech and “bull session" frankness will be en-
couraged. In other meetings, we will listen to men
and women of actual experience and work in inter-
gi'oup relations paint a national picture of prob—
lems in the field of intolerance that are prominent.-
ly in existence.

The fruits of this conference can be successful,
depending on the attitude adopted by us as tomor—
row‘s teachers. For, whatever the results, they
will be reflected in the ensuing generations of Amor-
iczin school children.

The rcsl‘nnisibiliiy rests with us.

 

By MINDY WARSHAW

RED-BLOODED ASSEMBLY SESSIONS

Some people seemed to get a little excited in last
week's assembly. Some people took some things per-
sonally instad of looking at them objectively. Some
people! But all people should be very interested to
hear that a servicemen, apparently travelling incog-
nito, smiled as he left the assembly. inhaled deeply,
and exclaimed. "Ah. such spirit! It's just like the
‘good old days!‘ "

WHAT'S WITH THE BOYS

We have underrated the status of II Stiiic sorvico—
mani Not only does lion Walsh have two butllc sun's“
not only docs he have two Oiik Leaf Cliistcis~lio also
has the AIR MEDAL iprintcd in capitals to make up
for omitting it the first time . . . 1 George Ponies, ’17.
is now in Chino . . . Morris "Moose" (lei-her. '42. ro-
contly with the USN, is now Ii civilian, and may ho
buck In State for his MA. . . . ’l‘oin II‘i-cnoy iilso nddod
lo the list of civilians lilllfl ho oxpocts lo como lnu'k
horo Ill .liiniiiirv «oni- Inoro mun . . . 1 Li. lilll "Bolo"
Mursliiiid. '44. lioro on furlough iwulilng for iii-i dis—
:‘Illll'lll‘l . . . ulso liob (‘ombs und Sgt. lid. ltri'Il visit—
ng . . .

AIN‘T I'I‘ Nl(‘lu‘ ’l‘() lill ltlt‘ll'.’

i roud in ll N Y. pnpor wlioro htillll‘ Ilnmo wonrs Ii
$5,000,000 (lliiinoiid brooch lo n pnrli' :il lIl. lvlorori'o.
'l'lion l brood llll(l think of what could bo dono wuh
l“i\’lil MILLION DOLLARS 1o liolp clour up slum ills-I
[riots or food hungry pooplo . . . but louvo u.» not pol
soi'iullsllc ldous. plouso willioill llnIl $5,000,000 ln'oooli

('illVll‘l‘lllH ll. this luily‘s ohosl would probably lll‘li
(‘Uf . ,  I

SAD (‘AHI‘I

""ll‘illlMAN, A'l‘ldillu‘. MACKl'lN'llllil l\’lN(l ’l‘l) hiri—
(,llhh‘ A'i‘()M RUSSIA lil‘ll“’l‘ (ili’l'." 'l‘hiii lioudluu'
niukos mo .‘llltl. Wo (loi'olop llio iiloin homh iir:.l :ilul
IfllHHIil wunls to know about ii. Hho in lliol'l‘liu‘o ill’-"
grosslvo boouiiso why (loos sho wuui lo know about Iho
iilom bomb? if she know about it, slio mlghl llm‘ it
for ngng-ssivo purposos Innd itiissiu, of coin'so is Illl‘
only country who could do such ll lhlnu . . . 1 Vol 11'
Russia llll(I doVolopod tho iiioni bomb first and sliurod
hor socl‘ot'l’ with just one country. wo'II sill] onll lior
liltzI'I'HHIVII lor iii-oping her socrot from tho I'osi of llio
United Nations." Sometime i think if 1' won» ii
ltiissiiin. I would get pretty sure at certain countries
But il I wore it ltiissiiin and got sore Iit corluin t'illili-i
tries, they might cull inc aggressive . . . so I could
bo smug and just say I’m glad I'm not Ii Russian

except that would be defeating my purpose H u ‘ .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2, 1945

RAGE s

 

Queen "Sloclo'e" Reigns Supreme Over Campus;

Red Devils Down Dollies 'Wiih Skit, Win Cup

The lights went down. the fresh
hung over the balcony, and every-
one stood up in his seat and glued
his eyes on the door. While the
strains of “Pomp and Circumstance"
floated out over the auditorium, the
students waited breathlessly for
their queen. Who was it to be?

The pages, Alice Prindle and Pat
Heidorf, came first and the cry
went up—“Slackiel"—while the de-
lightful monarch of assembly and
campus marched in, her train held
by the beplumbed. bewildered, but
beatific Marty Snyder, the page boy
from the Albany Home for Children.
Her attendants, Peggy Casey and
Harriet Brinkman, Marty Dunlay
and Chuck Axelrod, Rita Colman
and Jane O’Brien, and Lee Emer-
ling and Mary Ann Standing, fol-
lowed, clacl in their class colors.

When the court was settled upon
the stage, the Sophs and fresh
brought out their dainty dishes to
set before the queen. “Ryskania”
presided over the Soph's mock as—
sembly, and the frosh’s crooner,
Harry Mills, sought his confused
way into State College life. Dr.
Charles Andrews, Professor of Phy-
sics, Miss Alice Kirkpatrick, Assist-
ant Collegc‘ Librarian. and Mrs.
Caroline Long, Instructor in Eng-
lish, awarded the points for the skit
to the freshmen.

The forty-nincrs carried off the
Campus Day Cup, too. Victors in
the wheelbarrow and three-legged
races. and the dash. they had been
defeated only in the sack race when
the last contest. the old clothes
race, was held. The Sophs were
counting on this race to hold up
their score, and in the excitement
mobbed their contestant prema—
turely. so that she didn’t take off
the old clothes in time. At first
Myskania disqualified the race. but
on further consideration, announced
in the evening that the points had
been given to the freshmen, entitling
them to the Campus Day Cup.

But the Sophs held their own—
and grabbed the frosh’s—in the
banner hunt. One diligent Daffy
spied a red corner waving in the
breeze from a tree and while a
fellow forty-eighter smuggled in
and sat on the blazing emblem, still
another Soph ostentatiously fled,
leading the unsuspecting fresh in
determined hordes. When the Red
Devils discovered the hoax. their
banner had been spirited away.

With the exception of “Rosie
Rooth, who is attending Alfred Uni-
versity, all of last year's Myskaniii
members returned to kibitz at the
opening battles between the rival
classes.

Now the official score stands 4‘:—

Commuters Club
Releases Plans

Shirley Rico. ‘Alll, Prosidont of
Conimutcr‘s Club. has announced
the il|)))1lilllllll‘lll of Roboi'tu. Villl
Aiikon. ‘40, lo tho position of Alli-
letlc Miiiiugor of the club. Sho also
stutod llllll tho pin lnsignin has
boon ilociiiod upon. and llllll, this
orgiinimilo'i \\I'Ii hold :1 purty in
I)l‘('l‘lllI)t‘l'.

Miss Vun AiIkI-n will dli'ooi iho
chili Inomlu-rs in oil inlrzimin'ul nih-
loilc ui'ilviiios. Iil‘l‘ lll‘h‘l, 1)l‘()_li‘t‘l
will bo tho i‘orniniion of :1 rom—
Imilor‘s bnnkoihnll ionin. Hho lnis
iith'll :Ill oommu‘.or~ inlorosiod III
I)il.\l{i‘ll)llll 1o :Ji.,n up for llli' ioum.
:iiid has HIM) llillllilllll'i'll iii-.Il ur~
l'illl“,l'llli‘lll:. \\ill ho in.Ido \iilh W.-\/\
lo M‘lll'llllli‘ ll‘l‘ itllilll‘h us I'olii‘oiil—
onih .I:. pm..blo lor l’iillllllllllllit
plnyora.

MoinhI-r. oi (‘onnnuior's (‘liib
liiii'o dooiilod on llio iiioigniu llll‘
Iiio onnmIIII-r':. pins. ’l'hoy will in-
gold—iiilod \\uh llio ('lllll'ii nillinls,
(_‘..(?.. ongrmod on llli‘ill. 'l‘lir lwlllllll'
oi MoI‘I'iii'i'I. \\luiis ll:l.\ ln-on ('Illlht‘ll
lill‘ llll‘ pins lo i..i',lill,\‘ Illl‘ (li‘vllllll'l'h
ooi‘orod by i'illlllllllli'l‘h und IIll‘
spold w.lh which lhoy li'iii‘ol. 'l‘lio
pi'ioo oi iho plus is $1. and Miss
illro inn. llhlit'il llini Iioiyono who
dosn'os ono oohiuol boi innnoill-
iiloly.

A pnriy opI-n lo nil ounimuiorn in
solioilulril for l)oroInbor in tho
(ioiiinions. Normii i’uiii-hiili. "l7.
Vice-l‘roslilont of tho group, will
uppoint the oinnmlttoos. 'l‘horc will
be dancing, cntortiiiiimont niiil ru-
.l'roslimonts.

 

 

 

 

HELEN STACK SHURE

 

l in favor of the fresh and rivalry
is off to a raging start. It bids fair
to be a furious fight.

Williams, Worih
Voted To Office

As the result of the Sophomore
Class elections last week, Alice Wil—
liams was chosen vice-president of
the Class of '48 and Eloise Worth
was selected Sophomore representa—
tive to Student Council. Miss Wil—
liams will replace Gloria Gilbert as
vice-president and Miss Worth will
replace Robert Hardt who has left
school to serve in the Armed
Forces.

NUMERICAL 'l‘ABULA’l‘IONS
221 —i— 1
vw~—— ill

2
Nominees Distributions
Vice-president l 2 3
Diolil   49 fill 68
Muloiioy .  52 liil (i9 99
Miiy . .  ., 30 40
Mt'CIIllliilEk . . 25
Williams . . .. 58 63 83
lllnnks 1 l l

Qiiolii

Total “2.21 221 221
.‘iilllil‘llt (‘oIIIu-il Iii'prosontiilivo
Ki'iigli 27““

Nni'loi' 2’1" 35

Nioison 51 (if) 70 101
Soliooninukor ‘18 50 01
Worth on 71 ill 120
lililliku (i ll 1) l)

'l'oiIil 2121 liili i321 1121
'lll-I-Iiiim- of (lo. ono (‘lllllIIlIllIi‘ iviis
oliiniiiiiiod by 101.

Council Plans Debate
On Atomic Power

I\Illl‘l:llllll‘ I)ll\'l:l, “rill, I‘i‘osliloiil of
liohnio (‘oimi-il. inc; roloiisod ll lisi
oi liIo Ilohnios now plniinod for lliis
:i'lili‘nli'l' ’l‘lio soliodiilo inoiiiiios llli
IIIIor-rollogiulo (It‘llllli', and ii Ilohnlo
wllh H.(‘ A.

/\ dohulo \\‘ilh Miildlobin'y (‘ollogo.
hliiiiilolniry, Vl'l'llllllll, will ho hold
on 'I'Ilill'hflll)’. Novoinbor ii iii 7:30
1’. M. iii llio l.oiuir,o. 'l‘ho subjool for
Ibis ilobiiio is: "llosolvoil: 'l‘iiul llII
pulonls on Alonilo lilnorgy i‘cninln ii
proporty of tho I"l‘ill‘l'lll ("Iovoi'n-
moni'.’ Stulo will luko llic llllll’lllll—
ilvo Iind Middlrbiiry will doi‘ond llio
iiognlive.

 

Frosh Bow To Soph’s Will;
Sad Walls Ring In Halls

“College of the Empire State”

. mumbled a sleepy fresh in
the dead of night. It was merely
a matter of reflexes, for after
having sung it for twenty-four
hours, dear old Alma “Mammy”
refused to leave the inner re-
cesses of the mind.

This poor lonely fresh stood
in lower Draper» ~ and sung. She
stood in her classcsw—Aand sang
She stood in the Commons~
and sang. In fact, she song!

But why did she sing? Not
because she was happy E-not be-
cause she was in love --but be-
cause u Sophomore commanded!
As she bOch to this Soph's
will, her voice rose in squeakey
strains.

But this your things were dif—
ferent. Poor Alnni “Mummy”
was lonely having bud to part
compnny with lior dour friend
of siioh long standing. "The
Fight Song.“ Wo now pause for
u momont of siloni prnyor to
shod n Inoiirnl’iil tour at tho
douili of oiio of State‘s host
known lrudilions.

 

Select Chairman
For Student Union

A1 :I l'i‘i'i'lll niooiing of tho Stu-
(li‘lll. llnion llouril. .loIin Whllnoy,
'10, was nppoliiiod oluiii'mun of tho
I)l't',.illl/.;lllllll, nnd ll i’iIiIIlii-iiil ro-
pori win. gii‘on. 'l‘lio llonrd Iioold-
('il lo pnhlpoilo llio discussion on
ill“ grunting of $2,000 from tho sur-
plur. fund to Siiidonl Union in us—
soilillly lllllli ii \vook from today.

'l‘ho t'dh‘ll on liiiiid now toliils
$13,050.50. $115.05 wus- notiod from
iho .Illlllill'-l“l‘()h'll lliillowo'on l’iii'ty
iiiiil lips your‘s stiiilonl. lnx I'osuitod
in $5.000 for lilo iiind. 'l‘llc fiiiul
sum nooossnry lo start building
Iinioiinls to $100,000.

it tho $13,000 l'i‘illli‘hli‘ll from the
surplus fund in ilShI‘illllly lust Fri-
duy is gruntod. u will be invnstcd
in Victory Bonds. According to
Student Union Board the $2.000 will
prove increased student interest
and will thus rulin the number of
porsoniil grunts.

Stokes To Give
Concert In Page
Monday Night

Music Council Presents
Second Event OI Year

Dr. Charles F. Stokes, Professor
of Music, assisted by his wife, Mar-
garet Anderson Stokes, will present
an Ensemble Concert in Page Hall.
Monday at 8:30 P.M., under the
auspices of Music Council. Admis-
sion is free and the concert is open
to the public, according to Mary
Louise Casey, ’46, President.

This is the second concert which
Dr. and Mrs. Stokes have presented
at State and also the second con-
cert presented by Music Council
this year.

The program will include five se-
lections for the violin and piano, the
first being Brahm’s Sonata No. 2,
A Major. This selection will be
followed by Sonata in G Minor by
Mardello, arranged from the orig-
inal by Alfred Gibson. Marcello was
an eminent Italian lawyer, composer
and poet. The duo will also play
several pieces written by Paul
Klengcl entitled, Lmncnt, My Soul
Spread. I is Whigs and Elevation. and
Cmimloiion. Klengcl was a cele-
brated Saxon conductor and com-
poser. The program will conclude
with Sonata. opus .13 by Gabriel
Faure, who was famous as an or-
ganist, composer, and director of
the Paris Conservatory for many
years. This selection is an except-
tionally modern sonata for violin
and piano, especially since it is one
of the great early works of its kind
predating Brahms nad Franck.

Miss Casey has also announced
that the recording hours are still be-
ing held every Tuesday from 12 to
12:30 in Room 28. All students are
invited to attend and take advant-
age of this opportunity.

Freshmen Receive Warnings

Myskania has announced that the
following students have received
two warnings for the violations of
the traditions of State College:
Joan Wurzler and Gloria Enea,
freshmen. The first offense re-
sults in a warning from Myskania;
the second offense, warning from
Myskanla and publication of the
violator's name in the News; third
offense. apology in public before
Student Association; fourth offense,
aiitdmoltic expulsion from office.
and ineligibility for office the fol-
lowing year.

Religious Clubs
Sponsor Dance
For Chest Drive

Marjorie O’Grady, ’47, chairman
of the Campus Chest Drive, has
announced that a dance will be
held Monday, November 10, from 8
to 11 P. M., sponsored by the com-
bined religious clubs for the benefit
of Campus Chest. Hillel. Student
Christian Association, and Canter-
bury Club have also disclosed their
individual plans for the coming
week.

To Aid Drive

The dance, which will be held in
the Commons, is part of the Camp-
iis Chest drive to raise funds for
the Red Cross, Albany War Chest,
and the World Student Service
Fund.

Virginia Young and Eloise Worth,
Sophomores. have been appointed
co-chairman of Campus Chest with
Miss Young, chairman of the dance
committee and Miss Worth, assisted
by Alice Williams. ’48, head of pub-
licity. The price of admission is
$.30. Tickets may be purchased aft-
er November 5 from members of
Campus Chest.

Canterbury Club

Marjorie O’Grady, ’47, President
of Canterbury Club. has announced
that this organization will hold a
supper to be followed by a meeting
Sunday at 6:30 P. M. in the parish
house of St. Andrew's Church on
Madison Avenue. Dr. Edwin R. Van
check, Assistant Commissioner in
charge of Instructional Education
in New York State, will speak on
“Throttling the Great Investment.”

Joseph Palevsky, ’46, President,
has announced that Hillel is spon-
soring a book drive for any books
on the subject of Judaism for the
Hillel bookshelf in the Commons.
Arlene Riber, ’48, is chairman of
the drive. According to Palevsky,
Hillel and Forum are also holding
a joint meeting next Wednesday,
which is open to the entire student
organization. Reverend Dutton
Peterson, sponsored by the Ameri-
can Federation of Churches, will
speak on “The Case Against Mili-
tary Conscription.”

SCA Activities

Harriet Brinkman, ’46, President
of Student Christian Association,
has disclosed the activities schedul-
ed for next week. The second Frosh
Club meeting of the year will be
held Tuesday at 8 o’clock in the
Commons. There will be a panel
discussion on “Why I Came to Col-
lege." Refreshments. bought with
the pennies collected in the last
meeting. will be served.

Alice McGowan and Harriet
Brinkinan, Seniors, will represent
State at the fall council meeting
of the Student Christian Movement
at Hamilton College. Friday.

 

Former Student Returns To Teach

A nd our has (‘Ulllff (mo/r.

Mr. Chnrloton Shoeflcr, ’30. has
returned to State ufter u six your
iibscnco. He, who has hud both u
touching nnd ll Niivy rurccr, comes
this time to touch, not to learn.

After Mr. Slioci'flcr gi'iiduntcd
from Stole in lilllil. he wont to
i’oiiglilioopslo to touch Iii tlio limi-
ncss Collogo for two yours. \Vlion
tho. wur hupponod ulong‘, he took
his choice of tho ni'iiiod foroos nnd
onlistoil in tho Nuvy. llo lozirnod
llion tlini ho \viis not to ho froo
from schools for uwlillo yot. llo ul-
tondod, grndiiuiod from, and taught
in tho Slorokoopcr's Store in 'I‘olodo,
Ohio,

in 10-12 Mr. Shoofflor joinod tho
I'llllIiH of tho ofi'ioors us on oiislgn.
And still ho \i'usn‘l through with
HilltI)’, for ho \vnu soul to tho liniloIl
Sliilos Nui'y Supply School nl liur-
vnrd for u coin-so.

Afior lliui. his vui'lod (Illlli'H iooli
him to li‘urrugiil, idulio, on dishurw
ing" duty. to lluinln'idgo. Mill'i‘lllllii.
us dirooior of ilio Storolniopor'u
School lil tho Nuvnl 'l‘ruining
School, Iiiid 1o Millog‘ovlllo, (loorglu.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

210 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

Its the officer in charge of instruc-
tion at the WAVE Storekeepor's
School. Mr. Shoefflcr says that
State reminds him of the WAVE
School ll lot of women, few men.

Mr. Shoefflcr's final position be-
fore louving tho Navy was as the
oduoutionnl und scheduling officer
at Camp l‘orry. \Vllliumsbiirg, Vir-
glniu.

\\'lioii Ilt‘ was asked what he
thought of State now, lifter being
uwuy for in number of years, Mr.
Sliool'floi' suid limit the 1‘(lII(‘{ll liIiIl
ohungoil Ii grout donl, biil. IIllll ii.
oorliiinly wns MW to ho buck.

Mr. riliool'flor is inking tho j‘Iili“
of Mr. .lunios (it‘lllllli’ll. Illh‘ll'lli' or
ill (‘onIniori-o, who left Silli.’ on
Momlny.

fl'f'l'lil R. liltith

THE COLLITGE JEWI{1.ER

 

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop
mil-j CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY, N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

 

 

 

 

 

 wwwmﬁmmh _‘ , {V ‘ V

 

