 

 

 

 

 

 

A .M-....m_.<_ A

  
 
 
 

  

PAGE 2

Peace Has A Price

It’s always disillusioning to discover students at
State College who believe that we are an ivory-tow-
ered group, self-sufficient and complete in our-
selves. There are students who are completely ig-
norant of the outside world and have little concern
for the problems facing it. They forget that some-
day they will be a part of that turmoil and no
longer protected by the front doors of Draper.

Perhaps someday they will regret that they didn’t
help when they had the opportunity. We are' refer-
ring to the Victory Loan Drive which is now being
conducted and which has suffered a definite lack
of support by the entire nation. State College has
been hit as hard as anyone by the post-war corn—
placency. Because the actual fighting lras ceased.
we have assumed that the war is over. We forget
that there is a peace to be won; that there are dis~
abled veterans returning by the thousands to vet-
erans’ hospitals all over the country; that the job
of reconversion to a peace-time world is a costly
one.

War Acit.vities Council disbanded of necessity
but they continued working toward developing tal«
ent troups for disabled veteans. This is only a small
group. As far as the rest of the Student Body is con-
cerned, if there were a few more returned veterans
around. we would probably have forgotten that
there ever was a war. It is only natural for the
populatitm to relax after four years of stress, but
it is up to the College student to remind the coun-
try that there is no place in the future for compla—
cency. The time to insure a lasting peace is now.
That insurance costs a lot of money but the (livi-
dends are well worth it.

Acting on a suggestion from Myskania. Student
Council will sponsor a drive to boost the Victory
Loan Drive. They will present some sort of activity
in the Commons. It will probably be at noon when
everyone is free of classes. We are appealing to
you. Students of the first year following a period
of death and destruction of friends and ideals. We
ask you to support the Student Council activity.
Make the most of this last chance to give with
everything you have even though. on the surface.
the giving does not appear necessary. (live so that
in five years or twenty-five or fifty. Students of
State will not have more than their social calendar
blown up.

"A Time For Decision"

In a few days the I’l‘csilmen women will be asked
to indicate thier final sorority preference.

This year. as never before. the sorority question
has been placed before these newscomers. who hav—
en't been at State long enough to get a true prospec-
tive of the situation.

In a recent ()rientation program. the pros and
cons of sorority membership were presented by sor-
ority members themselves. and the independent
viewpoint. was also given. In this way members
of the Class of '49 have been given some basis on
which to answer the question. "Should I pledge a
sorority?” it was pointed out at this program that
individuals at State had an excellent opportunity
to become leaders in college organizations on their
own merits and not because they belonged to any
one social group.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

V01. XXX

Moprht-r
.lssot'iulr'd i‘oliegiulr- i't'ess

November 30. 1045 No. 10
Distributor
i'trlioilllllt- Iligl's‘i
‘i‘lre lilidi'l’gl'trtiunlt- nmvspapi-r oI’ iill' New York State
(‘oilcgo for ’I'var-in-rs; published every Friday of the (.‘ol-
iego your by the. NEWS liortrd for liii' Student Assot'itr
lion, i'irorn-s: Iiorluricir. 'J lil':ti;li'\'<ji, 51.03%; I“t'.'rl‘, n-liiii;

t‘r'ann-r, 2 “bill.

 

The News Board

ELIZABETH S. O'NEIL - . .
JOAN D. BERBRICH . . .
ISABEL FEAR . .
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO . .
MARGERY CRAMER

EDITOil-lN-CHIEF

- CO‘EDITOﬂ-iN-CHIEP
BUSINESS MANAGER
CinCUl.ATiON MANAGE"
ADVERTISING MANAGER

 

MARY SULLIVAN - - » - - ~ aPonTe EDITOR

KATHRYN HAGERTY - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

MARY TEBSIER . .. . . - AaaoctArg EDl'I’OR
“mm?

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S'i‘A’i‘lu COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
arr such express our; do not necessarily reflect its View.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

6::de

To the Editors:

Lately there has been a renewed
interest in student-faculty relation-
ships and some indications of dis-
satisfaction with these relationships
on the part of both students and
faculty. I feel that it is an excel-
lent idea to have this problem open-
ly discussed. So far, only the stu-
dents have been articulate in print.
The ideas expressed here are my own,
but I believe that many, if not most,
of the faculty feel much the same
as I do.

It is a good old American custom
to gripe, and in a democracy like
ours we feel free to do so. Students
say that the faculty are not inter-
ested in them: they won’t visit
with them in their offices, they
won’t really talk with them at teas,
they don’t come to student pro-
grams. and they are reluctant to
do chaperoning. Also. they don’t
let the students see that the faculty
are human and they cite as an ex-
ample the fact that the faculty is
not giving one of the Big 8 shows
this year. There is an intimation
that. by this last decision the fa-
culty is unpatriotic and uncoopcr~
ative.

Some of the faculty feel that stu-
dents tend to criticize lacks and to
ignore accomplishments in student.-
faculty relationships.

As a start in improving student-
faculty relationships I offer the fol-
lowing. I should like to see the kind
of relationship where there is a
genuine feeling of friendliness which
hows itself in the association of
students and faculty in occasional
social experiences; where there is
little emphasis on the fact that
some. are students and some are
teachers; where the student feels
free to drop in a faculty member’s
home or office for a friendly chat
on matters of interest to both or to
seek advice. first assuring himself
that the time is a convenient one.

Let me give a picture of the life
of a State College faculty member:
if is against this discription as a
backdrop that I answer the corn—
plaints. First, we make a living. In
our society this is a serious busi-
ness. no matter what the job. For
us. classroom teaching is only a
small fraction of the task. There
are preparations to be tirade. papers
to mark. committee and staff meet-
ings to attend. and professional
books and magazines we must read.
There are the national and local
professional meetings we attend. the
books and triagazine articles we
write, the speeches we make, the
voluntary work such as serving as
freshan advisors. the writing of
recommendations for students. and
the receptions for visiting digni-
taries and new or retiring faculty.
Many of us are still working for de-
grees.

Then we feel a responsibility to
the connnunity in which we live.
State College faculty members sit
on boards of directors. hold offices.
and do committee work in various
humanitarian organizations. They
interest themselves in youth organ-
izations designed to further the
teaching profession. They make
speeches and lead discussions in
parent-ieaeher organizations. Also.
our faculty has a record for war
service activities. bond buying. and
contributions to war and welfare
agencies of which we are proud.

Then there is the business of per-
sonal-social living. Many of its are
rearing families or caring for older
relatives. All of us have developed
persomrl—soeiul relationships that
seem to us the suitable climate for
satisfactory living and personality
development. ’l‘hese relationships do
not just happen; it. takes time and
effort to nurture them and the en-
joyment of them is perhaps the most
important part of living. As one
grows older the number of inter-
esting firings to do and interesting
people to know rturliiply and one is
constantly faced with the necessity
to choose. So when n faculty mem-
ber (-lrapt-ronvs your dance you may
l)(' sure that ll is not because he
has nothing else in (lo for the eve—
ning but that he thinks it. is im-
portant. enough to give up sortie
other interesting activity.

We feel that. a great. many very
satisfactory student-faculty relu—
tionslrips have. been developed. A
case in point is the association of
students and faculty on the Inter-
group Council. Another is the work
of the. War Council composed of

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1945

both students and faculty. Still on-
other instance is the friendliness de-
veloped last year when two sororities
aided in the preparation of some so-
ciometric materials for Ed. 10 clas-
ses. There are other instances I
could give on request.

I have mentioned the varied re-
sponsibilities of faculty members.
Also. don’t forget their geographical
distribution. They live in a twenty-
tnile area and during the years you
have been in college gas rationing
has kept many faculty members
away frorn college in the evenings.
We are honestly pleased that you
et such store by the faculty show.
Our reason for discontinuing it. at
least on an every year basis, is that
we don’t believe it is worth what it
costs us. It has values. but it is a
one-sided affair. It cannot be worth
as much as a cooperative project of
permanent value. And it adds a
heavy burden to our already crowd-
ed programs.

I feel that the chief stumbling
block to better relationships is that
the. students haven‘t met us half
way. They don’t come in and visit
with us. I’m told that the reason
is a sort of disease that affects stu-
dents. appearing in its most viru—
lent. forrn in freshmen and gradu—
ally decreasing in its effects as the
students become more mature.Grad
students are seldom affected by it
and we note a refreshing absence of
it in our returning Gls. The disease
1 called “ambitio.” The student is
afraid to speak kindly to a faculty
member for fear his friends will
accuse him of apple polishing. I'm
afraid this disease is pretty wide-
spread lhroughout the undergrad-
uate bodies in all colleges and may
prove impossible to eradicate. My
observation leads me to believe that
the freshmen. who suffer most. are
the innocent victims of exposure to
upper classmen. chiefly Sophomores.
so perhaps we should begin treat-
ment. there.

Now we profs are pretty shy peo-
ple. Sometimes the younger genera-
tion terril‘ies us. We are almost
certain that at the best you eon-
ider us lovable old fuddyduddies and
are not. in the least interested in our
ideas. especially on practical mat-
ters. Another thing is our desire
not to dominate student activities.
We feel that you will grow more if
you have n minimum of supervision.
We think you feel the same way
so we have tried to avoid the ap—
pearance, of supervision. Also. al—
though we wish to have student
friends we do not wish to monopo-
lize the social life of students. We
realize that the majority of your
social adjustments are normally with
your own age group. just as the ma-
jority of ours are with our own age
group.

We want to be friends with you.
not. because we "ought" to but be-
cause we are interested in the same
things. No matter how busy we, are
or how interesting our private lives
we‘ll work with you on your activi-
ties. Let's not go around feeling
self—conscious about student-faculty
relationships and thinking that we
ought to do something to improve
them. Instead. let's do more things
together and the first thing we know
there won’t be any problems.

h’largaret L. llayes
To the. Editor:

Essentially the Myskania proban
has resolved ilsclf to one of the fol-
lowing: Student Association can do
one of three firings: it keep Mys-
kuniu as it is today. 3t nboiish Mys-
kanirr and replace it with a new or-
ganization. or iii reform the present
Mysknniu so tlrni it will be consist-
ent with democrnilc ideals.

Mysknnlu is “u secret society, the
members of which are chosen ill ac—
cordance with its own constitution";
llurl is to say. the organization is
self-perpetuating. OUR JUDICIAL.
BODY 113‘ SELF-i’l‘iitPl‘l'l‘UA’l‘iNfii
And rrol only does Mysknniu not ill
a judicial crprrcily. but it is assigned
many other duties by our Constitu-
lion. Again we ask does it seem
rational that Sludenl Association
slrorrid maintain an organization
whose members are not subject to
the approval of the Student. liody?

Myskarria's Constitution is a so-
cret. one. Every organization sup-
ported by the Student. Tax is re.
quired to submit. its constitution to
Strident Council for approval. Mys-
kanlu. which received $223.00 this

(ConHmtod on page .5‘, 001, 93)

 

 

--— By MINDY WARSHAW

on, THE IRONY OF IT ALL

A couple of issues ago, your advice to the lovelorn
columnist printed someone's subtle hint to us femmes
to look pretty around Draper so those visiting service-
men might be tempted to return (to their studiesr.
Well, we can relax and resume our normal homely
status now. because when those men return. it will
be to their studies. It sems most of those mean. hand-
some fellows are married Ithe traitors!) and hotne-
wrecking is one thing we do not advise. But don’t
be bitter; even married men are nice to look at, and
they’ll probably give a nice Bohemian atmosphere to
the place. And then. there are sure to be some. single
men in their midst well, one or two. anyhow . .r

 

TWO MORE RECRUITS

1. Rolf Toepfer. ’43, formerly a Cpl. in the United
States (what else*the German?» Army. expects to
return in February. Civilian (don‘t get excited. he's
married. toot Toepfer has. up until recently. worked
on the repatriation of the displaced persons of Europe
land will soon resume his studies with the displaced
persons at State). His wife is the former Mary Jane
McManus and she went to State. too, so there‘s no
use holding any grudges. The little daughter is Mary
.Ianc II. and she's only sixteen months old (so has
decided to wait until next year before taking her
entrance exams!

2. Warren Kulman, formerly with the USN. has
been seen around, and he too may be back next semes-
ter (marital status‘very good. but I hear it. ain't
gonna last. There's a rumor going around that he
likes his girlfriend . . .t
SI‘BS'J‘I'I‘U’I‘ION

Well. if we must have romance and excitement per—
meating the campus, we could always make a plea to
10 year old Elswortlr “Sonny” Wisecarver. that wife-
stealing Casanova. to give up his passion for mar-
ried women and enroll here at State. IA witty New
York columnist. suggests that “Sonny” be sent to Holly—
wood to be technical advisor on “Forever Arnber.“>

Rllir‘OW GETS SILVER l.llZUTENAN'I“S BARS

State‘s former Social Studies prof. tobert Rienow.
has been promoted to a 1st Lieutenant. Li. Rienow
is now in the Phillipine Islands serving as Education
Officer. He was inducted into the service in July. 1043.
and. after receiving his basic training. was assigned
as a classification specialist at Camp Upton. N. Y.
In March. 1944. he left for overseas ditty and con.
tinned his work as classification specialist at Milne
Bay, New Guinea. before leaving for Officer Candi-
date School at Brisbane. Australia. where he was cour-
missioned in January. 194:3. Before coming to his
present station. Lt. Rienow served as Censorship Corr-
lrol Officer with a unit stationed in Hollandia. For
those who didn’t know. he has written two books and
numerous articles for professional magazines. After
his discharge. he expects to continue teaching anti
writing (and if you think that write-up is kinda
formal for me-—-it is. I copied it. right from an Army
Dispatch. Somebody said I ought to get some intelli—
gent writing into my column this week. so . . .1
CAMPING OUT

A wounded Air Force veteran, denied a (if loan to
build a house near Camden. New Jersey. pulled a
fast. one on the authorities. HP is now living in a pup
tern which he set up in front of City Hall. While
posted at his tent. he was offered two jobs as n mech-
anic. iiiope ire takes both jobs anti then i)ilt' of those
authorities who refused his loan has to drive up to
have his car fixed someday . . . r
ROLL (HIT THE WELCOME MA‘I‘

When police raided a New York City gambling
joint. probably for the firsl time in their careers. they
receiver! a happy reception from the 27 gamblers irr-
side. Tin-v were flattered, of course. but their joy was
shoriiivod, for after a (prick glance around the roorrr.
they saw the reason for the gntnbit-rs' smiles of relief.
Just prior to their arrival. two holdup men had en~
fired with guns and \\'i'l‘i' engaged in robbing the
llllll'ers when the police dropped in. film goo. u t‘l‘llll
inai has to live too. ya know . . .l
WHAT A ltA'l‘Itl

V Last Sunday. November 2:”), the USS ldur‘opn (ltrt'kntl
in New York ilarbor. ()nt of its hold streamed 5.500
shouting (il's. After them silenlly tripped a little
blonde English slowuwuy. She's engaged to u U. S.
Army man. and she got loin-some . . . Il'd sure like
to slow away on an outgoing ship anti lrop off of
Milltht." But my hair ain't the right colora
’l‘liimld I‘ll/I‘llY ltlt‘ll AGAIN

Mrs. George Washington Knvunuugh. described by
Ni'W York Post columnist liiurl Wilson as a “human
diamond mine" attended the opening of the Metro,
poiiiun ()perrr season clad in u diamond lirrr'n. a 50
carat diamond ring on one hand. a 25 carat diamond
tchoapsknim on the other. it diamond and rubv brnre.
let. a few large emeralds ilirrowrr in for that ‘cnreless
cliectt, and un ermine wrap. it's nice that we‘re dress—
ing for the opera again . . . Also, while we’re on the
subject. I read where Martha Itaye's husband pre-
sented her with a bracelet that. has n 750 carat. topaz
in it. lilagerty wants to know if she folds it . . .l

* I too have a boyfriend.

 

 

NOVEMBER I 6. 1943

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 104B

bind: a

 

SCA, Newman,
Hillel To Conduct

Church Visitations

inter-Varsity Members
Conduct Youth Services,
Plan Christmas Banquet

Inter-church visitations will be
held the first three Sundays in De-
cember under the joint sponsorship
of Newman Club, Student Christian
Association. and Hillel. Three incin-
bers of Inter-Varsity Christian Fel-
lowship will aid in conducting a
service for the young people‘s group
of the Berlin Baptist Church. and
the society will hold its joint Christ—
mas dinner in the Hotel Ten Eyck.
December 15.

List Services

The three religious clubs have an-
nounced that the first. church to be
visited will be Protestant. The stu-
dents will assemble in front of the
Madison Ave. Presbyterian Church
at 10:45 AM. Sunday. After attend-
ing the service, the visitors will meet
with the pastor of the church. Rev—
erend William McConaghy. for dis-
cussion. On Sunday. December 9.
the group will attend a service at a
Jewish synagogue Congregation
OHAV SHOLOM. and on the fol-
lowing Sunday ai St. Vincent‘s
Church.

SCA Meeting

Harriet Brinkmun. ‘46. President
of SCA, has announced that the
Christmas general meeting will be
held Thursday at 8 PM. in the
Ingle Room. Joan Alverson. ‘47. is
general chairman of the event. The
program will consist of religious
slides. with Christmas carols as
choral background. Harold Weber.
'47. will act as narrator. and there
will be a party after the meeting.
Marjorie DeLorraine. '4’1. chairman
of the Community Service Commit—
tee. has announced that a deputa-
tion team will conduct a service
Sunday evening at the Madison
Avenue Baptist Church. The first
work of this type was done by a
team Sunday. November 25. at the
Bet hany Presbyterian Church.
Members of the second team are:
Marv ’I‘elian. '47; Donald Herold anti
Justine Maloney. Sophomores: and
Jo Ann Joslin and (.icrald Willink.
freshmen. Reverend K. Nord. SCA
advisor. from Menands. will speak at
the weekly chapel servrce Wednes—
day on "Religion in State College“.
SCA members doing social work are
meeting with inter-Group Council
members each 'l‘hursdny afternoon
to exchange ideas and discuss prob-
Iems.

Name Team

Sally l-loimr-s. ‘47 President of
Inier—Varsitv Christian Fellowship.
has announced that the members
chosen for the deputation learn to
lead a young people's meeting in
the Berlin Baptist Church. Sunday
art- Wandu Baker. '40. Miss Holmes.
and Mary Van Voorhis. '48. These
members will work with three rep-
r'eenluiives from the RPl chapter.

Miss Holmes has requested that
all those desiring to attend the rut-
nual joint Christmas dinner at the
Hotel ’l‘en Eyck. Saturday. Decent-
ber 15. contact her immediately to
make reservations.

Senior Class Banquet
Scheduled For Dec. 8

Eileen Shoup. “iii. general chair-
man of the Hl'lriot‘ ilunqut-t.
has announced that llrr' annual
ovum will take place al Jack's Her.—
iaur'nnl. Saturday. December ii. of
liiilil PM.

'l‘he dinner will be served in the
upstairs dining rootrr. with dancing
downstairs after it) P. M. The menu
culls for turkey as the rrrain dish.
The banquet will (‘Usi t‘ilt'll indivld.
uni $1.25 the remainder of the cost
writ be supplied irom the class lreas.
ur'y.

li‘inrrl plans for the evening's en-
it‘l'lllilllllt‘lll havr- rrol yet been rom-
pintoti. but Miss Shoup says that
Myskunlu will furnish it part of the
program. The list of faculty guests
for the banquet has not yet been
announced.

James Miner, President of the
Senior Class. has urged all Seniors
to attend.

Teachers Assn.
Plans Meetings

Dr. John M. Sayles. President of
the College. has announced that
Mr. Frank Curtis has been appoint-
ed Financial Secretary of State Col-
lege to succeed the late Mr. C. J.
Deyo. Several conferences of the
New York State Teachers Associa-
tion will also bc held soon. accord-
ing to Dr. Sayles.

A meeting of academic teachers
will be held in Syracuse. New York,
December 26 and 27. Several mem-
bers of the State College faculty will
attend. including Dr. Saylcs, Dr.
Robert Frederick, Director of Teach-
er Training, Mr. Harlan W. Ray-
mond. Assistant Professor of Indus-
trial Arts. Dr. James A. Hicks, Pro-
fessor of Guidance. and Dr. C. C.
Smith. Professor of Education. A
meeting of science teachers of the
New York State Teachers Association
will also be held at this time. This
meeting will be attended by Dr.
Charles Andrews. Professor of Phy—
ics. Dr. Oscar E. Lanford, Professor
of Chemistry. and Dr. Ralph Clau-
sen. Professor of Biology.

A meeting of vocational and In—
dustrial Arts teachers of the Eastern
zone of the New York State Teach—
ers Asoelation will be held tomorrow
at Pierce Hall from 10:30 AM. to
3:00 PM. Mr. Oakley Furney. Assis-
tant Commissioner of Vocational
Education. will be the main speaker.

Gammotnical‘zand

(Con/inner] from )iflf/t :3. Col. .‘H
year. is exempt from this require—
ment. by the Student Association
Constitution which sanctions the
secrecy of the organization. Can
such a legal discrepancy find its
place in a democracy? And if not.
can't we then presupDOse that any
Student Tax supported organization
has the right to refuse to submit its
constitution for approval?

It is essential to have an organiza-
tion to carry out the judicial duties
provided for in the Student Asso—
ciation Constitution. We have such
an organization in Myskania
Their why not keep Myskanin but
a reformed A'Iyskania'.’

To stun uprwe have presented
three alternatives and have elimin-
ated the first two. This leaves the
third. the reforming of the present.
(lay Myskania. so that it will be
consistent with democratic ideals.

We will present our plan of reform
in our next letter within the next
few weeks.

Lynne Wolff '40
Phil Lashinsky “l7

Femmes Criticize Greek Silence 1 Clubs Schedule .‘ 

“And we are voiceless in the pres-
ence of realities—We cannot speak.”

It’s here again—silent period, with
all it's taboos and rules. Silent per-
iod, when freshmen are forbidden
fruit for sorority girls. We con-
ducted an unofficial census among
the students to get the pros and
cons.

Our first guinea pig. Joyce Mc-
Donald. ’46, decided that it’s a both-
er and very unfortunate, but with
the rules as they are now. it‘s the
fairest way.

Gloria Rand. '48, said that it's
all very silly. since the freshmen have
probably made up their minds al-
ready.

Shirley Gross. Mary Carey. and
Irene McCormack, Juniors, have
their answars ready too. Miss Gross
thinks it is silly. especially over va-
cation. Miss Carey upholds silent
period with the comment that it’s
good for the freshmen. It gives
them time to make up their minds.
and prevents any “dirty rushing.”
Miss MeCormaek thinks that silent
period is the best thing that ever
happened. because she needs the
rest.

Gen Sabitini, "l6. thinks that it
gives the freshmen a chance to make.
up their minds without continual
rushing.

Irene Takas, ‘48. thinks that. there
is no point in it. She said the period
is too long and very inconvenient.

Pi Gamma Mu
Adds Members

Barbara Reiff. ‘46. President of
Pi Gamma Mu. national honor so-
cial science society. has released the
names of fourtcn newly initiated
members. and has announced that a
regular meeting will be held Wed-
nesday at 7:30 PM. in Room 100.
New Members

The new members. who qualified
for membership by completing twen—
ty hours of work in social studies
with a B average. are: Mrs. Ludima

. Burton. Anne Cunningham. Kath-

leen DeRond. Thelma Elliott. Lucille
Ganley. Julia Cit-ores. Henry Ger-
rnand. Joan Mather. Joseph Pal-
evsky. Dorothy Ryder, Barbara Sho—
ver. Mrs. Lela Tosh. Molly Wein—
siein. and Evelyn Wolff.

The regular meeting will be held
Wednesday at 7:30 PM. in Draper.
Room 100. to acquaint the new
members with the workings of Pi
Gamma Mu. The group will also
discuss plans for a Christmas party.
and for a program next semester.

Golleqe Glade-“7M

By CULLINAN & lllL'l‘

 

In reference to the title of this
column. We wish to give you a few
morsels of information from vari-
ous college newspapers throughout
the country. Look them overt-see
how Slate rates with other colleges.
The (‘hieago Maroon ill. of Chicago)

"Dislurbed by the recent racial
riots in the Chicago urea and else.
where in the country. a group of sitt-
denls from the various 'ampus or-
gunizntions have organized an anti-
discrirninution committee.

The Anti—Discrirninuiion Commit-
tee will be primarily concerned with
the investigation of and action
against discrimimrtory practices at.
the University. Action will also be
taken on off-campus matters which
are directlv concerned with the com—
miltee‘s activities."

()l't'liifiN Io Shir/on l’ussnn' and
[(H‘ for their till/rusirlsnr and fow—
sig/Irl tn nut/ring; .S'Iuir u Ir'odrr in
[his mor‘cmrul.’

'l‘ire Larnron ((ienesco S.'i‘.t‘.i

"()nee nguin the (icneseo Christ—
inns will be celebrated with n regen.
er'nled Scrooge. Dickens' "Christmas
Carol" is one of n cycle of pageants
which have been given for Si'Vt’l'iil
years by the students and faculty
at (it‘llt'Ht't).

it is proposed that the entire stu.
dent body llll(i faculty array them-
selves in costumes of the Dickens‘
period (1030-1800), and attend a
dinner in the College Dining Hall,
a dinner which will be composed of
typical Old English recipes."

And our faculty has just corrected
its lift] it!

Indiana l’enn (Indiana. [’11. S.’l‘.(.‘.)

"Another interesting feature of
the conference of Associated Stu-
dent Gtwcrnrnents of State Teachers
Colleges was the comparison of the
student governments and activities
of the fourteen slate teachers col-
leges in Pennsylvania.

The student govcrnmmlts in the
colleges ranged from a council made
up of students elected by the stu-
dent body. with no direet faculty
supervision to almost complete fa-
culty control. One student council
had to have the college president's
approval for everything it. did. In
another. the students had no voice.
Another had great difficulties with
the administration. Indiunn lends
the list of democratic strident gov—
ermnenls with no direct faculty corr-
trol. but only an advisor to render
advice when necessary,"

To Ilrirr/r ii‘t' I‘oilfli hfil‘l‘ gone In
Indiana and in ([t‘lIlUl'I‘ti/it'.’
llilltops of llurtwiek (Onerrontn
S. 'l‘. (‘.l

"Inquiring Reporter 7 Question:
How are vou going to spend Thanks-
giving holidays?"

’1‘Irt‘rt"sutt idea In ash [or Chris/-
mus t‘m'olioa.’

 

Centrer

Vacuum Repair Shop

tori-3 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.

PHONE 4-0247

 

 

To get some variety in opinions,
John Bolles, ’48. has this to offer,
“I think it’s crazy for girls to go
around not speaking to anyone. The
freshmen have probably made their
decision concerning sororities by this
time. It gives the men a break—
they're the only ones who can speak
to them.”

Now for some freshmens’ ideas.
Molly Whelly thinks it’s a good thing
in school but not in the dorms or
group houses. Arlene Golden says
it’s very confusing and State doesn’t
seem the some. Anne Koslowski says
she misses her friends but now she
gets her homework done.

Regina Bollenbach says that it is
necessary and inconvenient in
classes. Doris Nielson thinks that
“it’s so much fun, it intrigues me."

And so silent period continues, but
remember :

“Their silence shall be interpreted
as we approach. them.”

iGCﬂTo Present
Big-8 Program
Next Semester

Dr. Louis C. Jones. Assistant Pro—
fessor of English. will address an
assembly at Buffalo State College
for Teachers today. on the teacher’s
role in inter~group relations, ac-
cording to Shirley Passow. ’16,
President of inter-Group Council.
Plans are now underway for the
presentation of an Inter-Group
Big—8 next semester to fill the va-
eaney left by the cancellation of
the faculty Big-8. Mrs. Passow
has also named the appointments
of new committee chairmen.
Prepare Report

The request from Buffalo State
for Dr. Jones speech came as a
result of the Inter-Collegiate Con-
ference held at State on November
2 and 3. This same conference has
stimulated the organization of vari—
ous inter-group activities at Oswe-
go, Cortland. Brockport and One-
ont.a. A preliminary report on the
conference is being prepared by the
Inter—Collegiate Committee and
will be issued to the delegates next
week.

Committee Members

Mrs. Passow has named the re-
cently appointed members to corn-
nrittecs. The appointments are:
Inter—Collegiate, Joan Mather. '46.
chairman; Connnunity Service. Lois
Hutchinson. ’47. chairman; Speak-
ers' Panel. Lorna Kuntz. ‘47. chair-
nr.rn; Literature. James Conley. ‘47.
chairman; Public Relations. Mari-
lyn Warshaw. ‘47. assistant chair—
man; Campus Program. Ruth Secl—
bneh, ‘48. assistant chairman; Sem-
innr. Alice Williams, '48. assistant
chairman; Community Service.
Mary Cheathum. ‘49, assistant chair-
man.

Celena Avelrod. ’47. chairman of
the Campus Program committee.
has revealed that the Intcr~Group
Big—8 will feature a folk festival.
The. date for the program has not
yet been set.

 

Scholarship Checks Here

All students holding State Schol-
arships are requested to call for
their checks at the office of the
'l‘reasnrer today. These checks
should be picked up and cashed
immediately in order to avoid loss
or delay in obtaining the money.

H. F. lionikel 81 Son

Pharmacists

PHONE 4-2036

 

ESTABLISHED loos
l57 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

(‘()hil’l.il\IICN'I‘S
(lli‘

SAMPUS
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

 

Meetings, Skits,
Christmas Parties

Chemistry club is making plans:
for its initiation of new members.

December 12 and for a joint Christ-
mas party with Math Club Decem-
ber 14. Math Club wii hold its next
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30
P. M. and Classical Club will meet
Thursday afternoon at 3:30 PM.

Pauline Myers, '46. President of
Math Club. has announced that the
next meeting of this organization
will be held Wednesday at 7:30 PM.
in Booth 100, Draper. The speaker
for the evening will be Jane Farmer,
’46, who will discuss “The Geometry
of Paper Folding.” Following the ad-
dress final plans will be disclosed
concerning the Christmas party with
Chemistry Club, which will be held
in. the Lounge December 14 at 7:30
P. M.

Classical Club

Classical Club will hold a meeting
Thursday at 3:30 P. M. in Room 28,
Barbara Chaffee, ’46, President of
the club has announced. Dr. Charles
Stokes, Professor of Music, will give
an address on ancient music.

Margery Cramer. ’46, President of
Chemistry Club, has announced that
an initiation for all new members of
this group will be held Wednesday,
December 12. Further details will
be announced at a later date.

New Library Club

 Esther Stallman, Professor of
Librianship. has announced the
formation of a library organization
to promote library interest among
students.

Everyone who is taking the library
course is automatically a member of
the organization. Marion Soule, ’45,
has been elected President; Dorothy
Myers. '45, Secretary-Treasurer;
Eleanor Schneider. ’48, Sophomore
Representative; Alice Knapp, ’47,
Junior Representative. and Virginia
Teverin, '46. Senior Representative.
Miss Carolyn Howard and Miss Ma-
bel Chapman. Instructors in Li-
brianship. are faculty advisors.

To date the club has not func-
tioned actively. but a meeting of
the officers is to take place soon
to formulate future plans.

 

 

Sponsor Xmas Big-8
IConIirrucd from page 1, Col. 3/

composed of Helen Kisiel. Eloise
Worth and Sue Hildreth, Sopho-
mores, and a duet with Joan Woertz-
ler and Ellen Sargent. freshmen, to
supply the music. The program will
also include two orphans. a trio of
tap dancers and a ballet number.

Miss Boxer has also announced
the chairmen of the Big-8 commit-
tees. They are: Lights. Mary Ellen
Diencr. ‘47 and Dorothy Diffin. ’48;
Sets. Dolores Lawson, ’47: Costumes,
Alice Knapp, '47; Props, Rosemary
Ryan, 48; Make-up. Betty Margot,
and Clyde Cook. Juniors; House.
Betty Rose Hilt, '47; Publicity, Joan
Alverson. '47.

 

ﬁ

0000 F000

in a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

