 

 

 

 

 

Gamma Kap, BZ
Tops ln League;
Six Games Leit

Rough Contests Staged
As Enthusiasm Rises

Saturday found basketball still
strong; the Rares from

 

By Joan Hynnd '—‘—""

m tom of increased vigor going
and saiiitiihty was the publication pierce emerged vicmmm over the

 

the WAA Spontllsht. Wrens to the tune of 23-10. With

 :egegofidea and we think it Valentine making beautiful passes
would be wise to keep it up. So far to Michael, Michael scored 8 points
the staff members have remained for the losers. Abrams tossed in 8
anonymous. They really ShOUId come points for the Winners and David-
out and make themselves known. son starred by adding 10 pomts in
They have done a good Job and the last half.
should receive some recognition. Tommy More upset a 4-3 Score
Suggestion Dep’t. at the half in favor of KD by a

This is a suggestion that has been fast spurt in the second half and
made to us many times in the past won 19-14. Dunlay aiming well
and we pass it on to WAA for from any spot on the court led
consideration. As the situation Tommy More with 9 points, and
stands now, the shower rooms are Ponder gave the KB forwards lots
locked at night. Girls can either of trouble. 8 points scored by Jin-
go out into the cold or hang around my Day kept KD in the running
till they cool off, both of which with O'Grady lending the assis-
are not conducive to the health and tance of 4 points.
well being 0f the Population- If Gamma Kap Again
some arrangements COUId be mafie The unbeatable Gamma Kappas
for shower facilities at night. We 1‘6 ramped with the Whiz-Kids m a
sure it would be greatly appreda’t‘ very lively game which threatened
ed. In fact, we would so SO far as their title at times. The 18-11 win
to say that all basketball players was hard fought but no one could
should be required to take a shower stop Pedjsich from scoring 12
after their games- points and with Cheney playing
League Spirit havoc with the Whiz-Kids forwards,

Basketball continues on its blood their strong player, Tilden had
and thunder way. Teams are really trouble sinking '1 points for her
out to put up the best fight pos- team.
sible. The spirit observed at these Tuesday night's games brought
games is always at its 111811953 another and very decisive upset. Psi
pitch. By the time a squad has Gam took Phi Delt, 12 to 7. Psi
fought its way through its anon“! Gam has been improving steadily
15 games, we would say they de- since the beginning of the season.
serve a rest —- but 50mm“ is Collier and Sabatini chalked up
coming up and here We go agam- four points each for the winners
Three Cheers while Seymour tossed in 6 points

One thing that does our heart for Phi Delt.
good is the increased attendance at One of the most rousing tilts of
league contests. Members of the the season was that between KD
group houses are coming 0111’: m and BZ. It was a hard, fast game
droves to cheer their teams on. At from the beginning and ended in
some of the games. regular cheer- another BZ victory, 18-16. KD held

 

SOphs, Freshmen
To Battle lodoy
in Bowling Event

---— By PAT SHEEHAN

 

The Spirit of Rivalry has hovered
over every piece of ground hallowed
by that ancient battle. She has wit-
nessed rivalry in every form from
Myskania chaperoned basketball
games to harrowing experiences in
darkened dormitories. But never
before has she been invited to see a
strike roll down the center alley.
When eager members of the rival
classes gather at the Playdium this
afternoon at 3:30, the Spirit will be
there to urge them on and to smile
with mystic foresight as she sur-
veys the teams.

Ladies

Her glance is first directed in the
direction of the Sophomore women,
and indeed they do have the advan-
tage of recent practice. In addition
to gym classes every member of the
Soph team has WAA league experi-
ence. Marcia Hollis who is favored
to be individual high scorer is a
veteran from Moreland, Trudy
Smith of KD’s team and Sally Whit-
comb of Sayles are close favorites
for placing second. Mary Van Gel-
der. Sue Campbell, Ruth Bentley,
and Peg Palmatier are steady bowl-
ers for the Sayles Hall squad.

But it is a woman‘s privilege to
change her mind and the Spirit ex-
ercises that perogative as she hovers
over the freshmen team. Eloise
Worth is a substantial threat and
she has a group of athletes behind
her that promise staunch support.
Ruth Osborne, Mary Regan, Angie
Ricci. Claire Sylvestri, and Jean
Ward, are all girls who have bowled
for WAA credit.

Before Gentlemen

The spirit smiles again in the
frosh direction as the men of ’48
hail into View. Bill Barrington. All-
American, and Hank Farley of the
Thunderbolts are sure to be high
scorers. Hansen, Heinan and Cocuz-
zi of the Whiz Kids are all straight
bowlers. John Bolles and Bill Bald-
win, the other members of the fresh
team have steady scores to back
them up.

But the Spirit admits that the
Sophs have a formidable record. Hal
Weber, captain of the group i. cer-
tain to prove a high scorer, and
Whytock, another All-American, has
the highest record in the MAA
league. Hess and Zippen of the
Flashes, are straight bowlers with
creditable scores, while Mallory of
the Thunderbolts is noted for his
steady performance. Kaufman of
the All-Americans completes the
Sophomore lineup.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 16,1945

 

WAA Does Cariwheels
All For The War Effort

Have you noticed people stealth-
ily pinching their pennies and
sneaking around with all-know-
ing looks? They have probably
heard from confidential and
usually relir l)le sources that WAA
is going to have the stamp booth
next week and for the three days
before (deep breath, sigh!) vaca-
tionl

Here is your chance to get rid
of all that spare cash you have
lying around your room. Why not
clean it all out? Start your
(sigh!) vacation with a clean
slate, empty pockets, and a full
stamp book.

Since WAA is notorious for its
athletic ability, it is offering to
do a handspring for each 10c
stamp bought, and a triple som-
ersault with each 250 stamp.

The Sports Staff did contem-
plate buying a War Bond via 10c
stamps, but after pooling their
resources, they discovered that
their total capital consisted of
19c.

So let's put on a real drive
and get behind WAA.

 

 

 

Hilt Announces
Ping Pong Plans

The WAA Ping-Pong tournament
which has made considerable pro-
gress in the last week. is scheduled
to be completed the Monday be-
fore Easter vacation. This means
that the remainding three games of
the first round, which have not as
yet been played off, should be com-
pleted this week. This will enable
the second and third rounds to be
completed by the end of next week.
The final can then be played on
Friday or Monday of the last week.
Weiss Is Favorite

Ray Weiss continues to stay in
the lead, after defeating Julie Col-
lier and Bertha Wakin in the first
and second rounds. Ray seems to
be the favorite, even though it is a
little early to start picking winners.
First Round Results

A few more games of the first
round have been played off this
week. Bernice Cohen defeated Pat
Tildon; Dielil lost to Skelton and
Bushnell beat Doris Egerton. Jean
Connor defeated Barbara Bishop;
and Shopie topped Sue O‘Connell.
The prize of the week for “all deuce
games.” goes to B. R. Hilt, who de-
feated Gette Dunn in the final
game. Lcngyel won over Boyn-ton,
in the first frame; Now defeated Ef-
flcy, in one of the first round play-
ofs.

The second round star-ted Thurs-
day, but so far only one game has
been played. Weiss taking the final
game from Wakin.

Phi Delt Bowlers
Still Undefeated

The number of games played in
the WAA bowling league so far has
not been enough to determine team
and individual scores. As it now
stands, Phi Delt is the only team
still undefeated. with a total of
four games won.

 

Standings

The present league standing is as
follows: Won Lost
Gamma Kap ...................... .. 2 2
AEPhi .......... .. '7
Sayles  5 1
Chi Sig 3 3
Phi Delt  4
BZ ........... .. 1 3
KD ......... .. 3 1
Moreland  .. 3 1
Psi Gain .............................. .. 1 4

Last week eight teams bowled two
games each, with the exception of
Sayles and BZ, their games being
forfeited by B2. The other con-
tests were between Clii Sig and KD,
Psi Gain and AEPhi, and Gamma
Kap and AEPhi. Chi Sig, Psi Cam
and Gamma Kap were the winners,
each team taking the first two
games.

Tuesday's Games

On Tuesday of this week KD
bowled Phi Delt, Gamma Kap
bowled Psi Gain, and AEPhi bowl-
ed B2. In the KD-Phi Delt tilt,
KD bowled a first game of 741.
This is the highest score bowled in
any game by a team in the WAA
league. The second game has not
yet been decided. The outcome of the
Gamma Kap-Psi Gain contest is not
final. Gamma Kap won the first
game, but the scores of the second
game have not all been handed in.
AEPhi won from BZ, taking the
first two games.

Judy Dube states that the bowling
schedule will be completed before
Easter. Those who are working for
WAA credit must also have their
scores in by that time.

Sports Roundup

Basketball

League will be completed by East-
er vacation. Today‘s games are:

3:45—KD vs Stokes.

4:30—Psi Gamma vs Dynamitcrs.

4:50—AEPhi vs Whiz Kids.
Bowling

There are only seven matches left
in the bowling tournament. The
winner of the cup will be decided
before vacation.

Fencing

Fencing is held every Saturday
morning at ten o'clock. Two more
sessions are scheduled for the sea-
son. Chuck Axelrod announces that
all those who want credit must at-
tend these finnl practices.

There are plans for a possible
bout with LaSalle Institute, Troy.
The match will take place after
Easter vacation and will be open to
all those who are interested.

 

 

 

ins squads go to town. This inter- BZ at the end of the first quarter
est is something we have been but the BZ quintet took the lead
urging for years and are glad to at the half and maintained a slight
see deVelODlnE- It 3150 SGI’VES '00 edge for the remainder of the game.
support our conviction that if Baker paced the winners with _8
people are not themselves athletic, points. Day and Smith tallied Six
most of them have at least an in- each for KD.
terest in watching others be athle- Young Scores
tic. The powerful Gamma Kaps did it
Final Word _ again by licking the Tommy Mores,
In weather like this we would 26-11. The More team fought all
rather be taking a Walk the? the way but couldn’t stop the Gain-
pounding a typewriter. BeSides. its ma Kap Offensive, Young piled up
healthier—in more ways than one. 17 points for me Gamma Kaps with
SO. enough Of this. Sylvestri spark-plugging the losers.
Cheney deserves mention for her
I effective check on Dunlay.
ThunderBOIts “1 Lead! Stokes, Newman, and Chi Sig de-
- featcd Sayles, Moreland. and Rares
Flasl'ies Close Behmd in that order last Wednesday night.
At the Start of the present The first game was a rough and
round the Thunderbolts won tumble one with nine fouls being
eight Straight games to take committed by each team. Lengyel
undisputed possession of first place, definitely had an off night as she
but at the last W0 sessions they missed several shots from advan-
have lost five out of eight. At the tageous positions. Sowa made an
present time we hottest team in excellent teammate for Boynton
the league is George Hess) Flashes, setting up most of the plays. When
who won four points from Bob Sul- the whistle blew the score was 22-17
livan’s All Americans Monday night. in SEOKCS' fill/01'-
The Flashes are now in second The second game was a fast one
place, two games bemnd the which kept both teams on their
Thunderbolts. toes. Osborne was the mainstay
In their match with the All Am- 0f the Mol'elmld “mm. but she
Hymns, the Flashes were bowling alone was not able to stop the New-
with a fun team This gave mom man sextet. In the third quarter
the maximum handicap possible all? teams WCI'C 0111)! tllI'CC‘ Willis
and was instrumental in their vlc- Ell’m'l- bill “‘0 game Gilded With
tory. The bowling of the Flashes Newman “'mllmgv 24'12-
was nothing to brag about. Bill Exciting Came
Barrington was the only man to Garfnll made Chi Sig’s twenty
turn in respectable scores. His 164 points in their defeat of the Euros
and 397 were the best that the in the final clash. The game was
Flushes could muster. The All Am- an exciting one from the beginning.
cricans were short two men. but The Rarcs lcd 4-3 at the end of the
the individual bowling was very first quarter. The high point of the
good. Sullivan had it good night game occurred when Garfall made
with 186 and 461. a basket from the half-way mark.
The Thunderbolts had a very nar-
row stiuccze with the Whiz Kids, .
being licky to gain a split in the
four gamcs. The ’I‘liuiidcrbolts had H' F'  & 
Pharmacists
PHONE 4.2036

an edge in the handicaps, but the
Whiz Kids were just the better
bowlers that. night. Hunk Flirlcy's
165 and 452 were high for the
'l‘liuiidcrbolts. Ray Cocuzzl led the
Whiz Kids with 153 and 403.

ESTABLISHED loos
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

ALBANY. N. Y.

lllliE Alters"

Western & Quail
15c a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to 6 PM,

icilé CENTRAL ave.

PHONE 4-0247

 

 

. . . a way to show friends/21']; to a French sailor

T’cs le bienvenu, Vicux frérc . . . Have a Coke

(GREETINGS. OLD MAN)

    
     
  

Even foreigners visiting our shores for the ﬁrst time respond to

the. friendliness in the phrase Illulc a Coke. There's the good old

home-town American spirit behind it . . . the same .is when you

serve Coke at home. Coca-(Solo stands for the [muse I/ml ri/rci/Jcs,—-

has bccmuc a bond of sympathy between kiiiilly-iiiiinlcil folks.
comm UNDER AUlHORllY or “if: COCA-COLA COMPANY iii!

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING COMPANY

 

 

 
  
    

in '

“1%


 

l

@1945 The C-C Co

 
 
 

all

3' l'ohc Ill-Iiiluniiillicuuilllyplinl'
ml ill 'llu. l'uiilTola Company.

 

 

 

 

b i».

 

State College ews "

 
 
 

noose

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS I

AL! A, HY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

2-443

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRiDAY, MARCH 23, 1945

VOL. xan NO. 20

 

"Highlights ln Footlights", Sop
Depict Development Of

Will

 

Naval Chaplain
Will Address
Assembly Today

Seniors Meet Quorum,

Others To Vote Again

Lt. Commander Joshua S. Gold-
berg, Naval Chaplain, will be pre-
sented by Hillel as the speaker in
assembly today. Commander Gold—
berg, who is a veteran of two World
Wars, will speak on his Navy ex-
periences.

In civilian life, he served as Chap-
lain of the Department of Hospitals
of New York City, and was Rabbi
of the Astoria Center of Israel,
Astoria, Long Island, until he re-
entered the service. He is active in
Boy Scout work, and is a partici~
pant in Good Will movement be-
tween Jews and non-Jews. Chaplain
Goldberg was the first Rabbi com-
missioned as chaplain in the Third
Naval District.

Seniors Elected

Florence Garfall, ’45, President of
Student Association, will announce
‘that the Seniors elected to the
Constitution Commission are Cecile
Goldberger and Gertrude Yanowitz.
The official tabulation is as fol—
lows:

80

Quota ——e

3

27—l—lr28

Goldbergcr
Snyder
Yanowit.

80

Since the Junior, Sophomore, and

freshmen classes did not have quo-

rums at their meetings Monday,

their voles could not be counted.

The three classes will vote in us—
sembiy today.

Other Candidates

Candidates are Harriet Brinkmun,
James Crandall, Betty Jane Mc-
Grath, Shirley Pussow, and Robert
Sullivan. Juniors; Celina Axclrod.

Ellen Maloncy, Gci'ii'udc Smith,
Gerhardt Weinberg. and James

Wliylock, Sophomores; John Bolles,
Isabel Cooper, Robcrl Hurdi, and
Ruth Scclbach. freshmen.

 
 

 

State Femmes Lend Voices
To Playdium Radio Show

"Good afternoon everyone.
This is Station WABY bringing
you Playtime at the Playdium—
f.fteen minutes of music, laugh-
ter, and the tinkle of glasses."
And so, the smiling man behind
the mike moved about the gay
crowded Playdium on a Tuesday
afternoon. The catacylsmic coup
d'etat of the program came
when our happy M.C. spotted
five lovely State femmes. No
time was lost. Nosal, Reynolds.
Breclin, Goodrich and Stiles
were soon burning up Albany
radio sets with “When You Wore
A Tulip" and “Playmates.”

Who said talented teachers
couldn‘t rival the Andrew Sis-
ters?

 

 

 

Sayles Explains
Use Oi Lounge

Student Council met Monday with
Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, for the last meeting un-
til after vacation. One of the topics
discussed was the misuse of the
lounge by the students.

Dr. Sayles explained that there
is a general misconception of the
purpose of the room. The Lounge
is supposed to be a social room—a
place to talk and relax. There are
no quict hours, and no one is sup—
post to sleep there. Students who
wish to rest may use the recovery
roolii. and there are ample flicil'lries
in the library for studying. From
now on Campus Commission will
enforce this ruling.

Student Council is investigating
lhc possibility of securing a radio
for the Lounge so that students
can listen to news broadcasts and
other programs during the day. Also
under consideration by the Council
is the question of requiring all in-
coming freshmen to wear bcanies
on certain occasions. Members of
llic investigating committee are
Hurrict Brlnkmun, '46, and Julie
Collier, '47.

 

BETTY J. BITTNER

Presentation,

mericana

’  Original Dance
 Will Interpret
 Europe's Struggle

V 'Co-Chairmen Kunz,Bittner;
Script Writer, Conley

The Page Hall stage will be the
scene of a musical production,
“Highlights In Footlights," tomor-
row night at 8:30. This unique
musical, sponsored by the Sopho-
mores, was written by James Con-
ley in an attempt to depict America
in its various stages of development.
- Song and dance arrangements date
  from America’s first era of expan-
*' [lion and follow through to the
modern age.

Co-chairmen

  
 
  

j.

1i , Lorna Kunz and Betty Jane Bit-

4

tner are co-chairmen of this event
LORNA KUNZ

 

 

Soph Eds. Sweller, Slave,
As News Copy Vonishes

Writing and planning a neWS-
paper once is trouble enough,
but this week seven haggard
Scphs had to put out the ths
tw.ce!

It all began in the wee hours
of Thursday morning when sev-
eral stories were put on the
train for Hudson, where the
paper is printed. The copy, how-
ever, went sailing right through
the town and is probably on its
way to Florida now. By noon
yesterday the 13.0. was in an up-
four as the Soplis were faced
with the prospect of not having
their issue until next week.

Several rapid phone calls fol-
lowed and it was decided to go to
Hudson on massc and rewrite
the missing stories. At 1:041):
the staff tore through the Rail-
road station and caught the 1:05
train for Hudson.

The tradition of the Niiws was
upheld as may entrained for
home late that night, secure iii
the knowledge that the paper
would appear as usual on Friday.

 

 

 

"Nazi Germany Soon To Capiiuioie", Predicts Father Fisher

ll was only an Assoliibly talk, but
it was different! When Fnthcr Mul-

colin Fisher stood up to speak. he
was Just another spcukcr, yet after
the opening analogy of the audience
to llic Biblical quolullon, "Solomon
iii all His glory." and the burst of
applause. the mood was set for the
emotional "lug-of—wui‘” to follow.
Wlicu he had finished. the audience
I'l!lllllllll‘(l hull—crying. liulf—luugli—
hip. and waiting for more. Fullicr
Fisher did have more to tell.

(.‘ui'losily pluys l‘umiy tricks on
])(‘()])ll‘, uiid l“lllll(.‘l‘ liud ll good
laugh on lilmscll‘ ovci' this working
of li‘ulc. l-lc wus in Berlin when
news llilhlll‘is‘ l'l’lllil'll'tl llll' raids in
neighboring purls of (h-rmuiiy. lil—
lriguliig‘.’ So much so, llml lic lllll(ll‘
u iiiiic hour ll‘lllll ridc lo (‘lolouiic lo
soc ll bombing. Slirupiicl flying.
fires bill/lug, sil'ciis blui'iiig, u l'lllll
was progrcsslui; if) all ils glory.
()ul'iosily satisfied. llli‘ ll’ll) Sl‘l'lllt‘tl
\vcll \\’()I'lli-\\'lllll‘. (ioliig buck lo
llcrllu, lic hilW llliollici' rilld lll
Duscldni'l‘. l“lll(‘. lli‘ liud seen two.
Back in licrliii, while riding on [he
underground lsubwuyl. the [ruin
stopped. li'oiiicully, he was seeing
his third l‘lllll. llci'liii wus bombed
that night!

Willi the rigid restriction on peo-
plc to gut lo shelters during a raid,

“Oiic warning to got lo the shelter
and then the right to shoot,"
Father Fisher spent many hours
closed lip with the common Gcrmiin
pcoplc in collars. When asked
about the morale of the Germans,
lic said. "If is constantly being
broken down by sleepless nights in
rank smelling ccllurs. luck of food
and hard work llllClt‘l' ilicsc condi-
tions. bill is buill up again by coli—
sluiil sight of ruins mid dciuli.
Broken spirit. is rcpluccd by i'ugc.”
If is impossible to cruck. Wlicii lllt‘
Law of Si‘ll—ln‘l‘Sl‘l‘l'illloll is uclivv.
“A (icslnpo bilyonci lll your bclly
llll(l u pistol in your buck is very
l'lli‘l‘llVl‘."

"Wc llll\‘l‘ conquered llli‘ \\‘l)ll, but
slill liuvc llic bear to contend
willi" - so l“illlll‘l' Fisher concluded
his lulk iii Assembly. l‘tcullzllig lll(‘
lviiipcsl it caused, iii'lci' receiving u
lcllcr from on indignqu Sillll‘ slu-
(ll‘lll. lu- llllh‘ this in suy, "'l‘lll‘ com-
munism llicol'y is all right for the
]illl’ll)l' Coiiuiiuulsis in Amcrlcu, bill
lll [)l'ill'lll'l‘. is lllil dii'l'cl‘i‘iil from
llic Nulloiuil Socialism ill Germany.
I llli\’l‘ soon lliciii both working. He
also said, “Ri‘liiculbcr lil‘lllllll said
that Cumliiuulsm musl sprcud lo
lllllki' it work, bul we must let. lili-
pcriiillsllc uulioiis slurt u Will‘ and
Communism will sproud itself.”
Fullicr believes that the situation is

ripe now, and we must realize that
llll' dcpl'cssion which follows a war
offers :1 fcrlllc sowing ground for
new sccds.

Amcricuii students have never
worked like the young people
in Germany do.—lEd. Nolc~Thut
is lllll‘tl lo bclicvc after going to
Slide). Ally (ici'muu who even
aspires lo the position of u muster
li‘udcsiiiuii must have ul lcusl lulo
years of collcgc education. Al the
l‘ll(l of this limo, after passing ll very
stiff cxuliiiiiuloiii similar 10 ll rc-
gcnls cxiim, lllL‘ sluclciil. rccclvcs u
iiiului'ily (ll])l()lllll. which is llll‘ i'li'sl
sli-p ll)\\'lll'(l economic ilit‘li-pciidciicc.

Fullicr Fisher cult-rod llic Scull-
lllll‘)‘ when lll‘ was l'oul'lccii ycui's old
and was ordained l’ivc yours llllt'l‘
lllll) llll‘ .lcsull ()l’flt‘l' ill Pulcrsou,
Ncw .ll'l'hvy. llc wcnl to Gci‘iiiuiiy iii
lull-l to study philosophy. Prompted
by his iiilcrcst in surgery, iic
rciuscd lo l’l'llllllll ill the University
of Berlin unless lli' was allowed to
sludy Biology. llt‘ sluycd, lllltl rc-
cclycd his [’h. l). dcgi‘cu lll lliology,
which in» now luslrucls ul Slciiii
College.

(ilciuiiiiig ll bit of hope from it
uiiiii who hits such wliut lie spooks
uboul, let‘s hope llic European Wur
docs end in June. 1045, as he prc~
diclcd three yours ugo.

 

In the next scene well-known
figures of the “Roaring Twenties”
dance and sing in the speak-easys
of the day. Vivian Kronberg and
Mfll‘llifl Dunley do the Charleston,
Muriel Rubin sings "Temptation"
and Ann Cullinan vocalizes the sad
talc of “Frankie and Johnny."

The Spunish and Mexican effects
on the American entertainment
field are shown in the sentimental
ballads and native dances of the
1930’s. The icrpsichorlc routines are
introduced by Mario Snllucc and
Wilbur Sliciff, Steffi Erllch and
James Conley in the Mexican Hot

in the Bib ‘8’ series. Ten commit-
tee lieads support the two co-chair-
men, assisted by a large representa-
tion of the class on each committee.
  Ushering in the period of expan-
sion are “can-can" dancers Celina
. . Axelrod, Carolyn Berg, Janet Ingle-
  hart. Judy Duby, and Gertrude
Smith; a male chorus; and Gloria
Thompson. soloist.
  Lillian Russell, portrayed by Shiela
Watkins, typifies the approach of
. . , the Gay Nineties, with the aid of
Culminating two months of steady . . _ . I
planning. auditions and writing, the Pyhlullp Lf‘bthky and Flank wow:
Veterans’ Entertainment Troupe of “Glutas {he (Pineal team} Wabe}
Stale College held its first rehearsal, and Flems' Wlmam Manely’ H?“
Wednesday, at 7:00 PM. old Weber, Albert Reed representing
The steering or management com— t Bﬁlpferﬁhol).  [firiill'egv’SPemﬁl
miticc, composed of Shirley Passow J“, “[1,9] .9 9w' ‘ "fling thug/Em 1'
and Helen Slack, Juniors; Julie CV3” "H (1501318le St “1. Sﬁf'
Boxer, Shirley Gross, Gertrude D‘” W ,aiiT, ,1]; I my] ’ .a ,y
Smith. Sophomores, conceived the Cuminm llcEdm é" Tm G”ng
idea of entertaining the wounded CW; '03"; “C, '21?“ VlvlecneyL-im
veterans iii rehabilitation centers all Cl‘xfl. .. 00‘ u ' c I) a 1 '6
ovei the state seveial months ago. The chaotic World War fever
"01d Tl‘yﬂllls spreads over America as Eddie Can-
The group chosen from the try- for (Al Bulk) and Al Jolson (Al
cuts will entertain in hospitals as— Reed) sponsor a, War Bond Drive.
sistcd by a corps of hostesses who Roaring. Twenties
will cheer up the men by writing
letters for them, and generally mak-
ing them comfortable.
The originators of the theme
were Elniiic Navy, Eloise Worth.
Blunchc Lucks, freshmen assist-
ed by the Steering Committee.
Co-dll‘cclors Lucille Kenny and
Pulrlclu Mulcahcy. Seniors, will
supervise rehearsals and audition
new acts as they are added.
The present plans are to visit the
Sarutogu Vctcrans’ Hospital and re-
habilitation hospitals in Utioa and
other cities mid towns of the state.
rl‘runsportulion arrangements are
lift ' . ‘ I" i a '
[3w £31133“ 1nd“ lduu membe” of Dance and Waltz. The ballads cur-
Cmmse Cast (Confirmed (in Page .3’, column 1)
The tentative "Greenwich Village"
cusl chosen from the large number
of sludciils who tried out are: Lu- commUters SChedUIe
cillo Kenny, Pulriciu Mulcnhcy, Syl- II . II
vlu Trop, Seniors; Muriel Niivy, April Showers Party
Mlll‘llllllll‘ Duvis, Jumcs Cl‘lllldilll,
(icncvlcvc Slilcs, Mlii'jorio Hoaly, Commulcr‘s Club has released
Helm) Slut-k, Murimi Buelow, Ju- plans for ll party to be held in the
nioi's; Bully Brcliiiun, Marilyn Wur— Couuiions Sulurduy :iighl, April 14,
show. Vlvlvn Nielsen. Muriel Rubin, from 8 to 12 PM. Shirley Rice, ’46.
Julie lioxma Sliirlcy Gross, Mury prcsidcnl, uliiiouiiccdlthultlie theme
'l‘i-liiui, Sophomores; Susan l-llldrclli, will be "April Showers."
Mury .Iulu- Giovuiuioiic, Helen Lcii- Conunlllccs are as follows: Publi-
gycl. llclcii Kisicl, Bliuichc Lucks, city. Louise Sirykcr, '46, chairman.
Rodney Fcldci'. freshmen. Murlimiiu Ncisc, Mury Romp, Aime
Ollicrs who will be ul‘filiulcd with Foley, and Noriiiu Puncimk. Sopho—
llioli'ollpc in other cupucillcs or us liiol'cs, uud Miii'olyn Guy and Te—
additional “('18 are: Bully Ilowcll, rcsu Joucs, Juniors; Refreshment,
'-i:i, (it‘lll‘Vll‘l’l‘ Subulllii, Peggy Cuscy, Alllll‘ Pclcrson, '47. und Mury Hulla-
Agiics Yliiliig,_licily Huiuil‘lou, Mu- hull and Ruili Curd, Juniors; Puy-
1‘i()lll Spiuk. lslslllcl' Will. Juniors: lilt‘lll. Mury Romp and Katherine
Mlii'ic Sullucc, Dorolhcu Silvcriiuil, Gl'lll'l‘h’. SillilllllllOI'C-S: DL’COI‘uliUll.
.lculi Cliv'iiiilillgii. Audrcy Bopp. Pill. Klein, '45, Julie Becker, '46,
llilt’lilim‘ Bum, Sophomores; Aniic ulid Julia Genovcsl, ’48; Reception,
lilccr, Doris l'lillllHi'llllt‘, Shirley Esther Albright, Norma Warner, and
Webb, Marlo Agnew. Donald Herold, 'l‘crcsii Jones, Juniors; Entertain-
Julio chiiovusi. Doreen Holland, uieiil, Patricia Cupoless, Janet Wal—

Evelyn Juluisou,EllciiFuyc, Barbara 113 and Mary Tessier, Sophomores,
Murguret Rougicr, ‘48.

Ol lo, freshmen.

 

 

