 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1945

 

 

Close, Low-Score Tilts

Highlight This Week

Just Our Opinion

Poster seen in the window of a As the WAA basketball schedule
local shop reads — Basketball on continues to dominate the sports
Roller Skates —- First time on any calendar, we find the league making

 

 

 

By Joan Hylind

court. rapid progress.
And the last, we can’t help The all-out defeat of the week
thinking. occurred when the Chi Sig squad
encountered the strong K-D sextet.
0" Rivalry The Chi Sigs were forced to bow out

A large “Chm, 3095 t0 the Players in a 30-10 defeat before the K-D
in 13517 Mondays game for one Of onslaught. Day, O’Grady and Smith
the cleanest Rivalry game we have remained unhampered by any er-
seen in many a dad“ It is rare that forts made by the Chi Sig defense
a game Where Winning means 50 and the trio succeeded in tossing up
much ever turns out to be good bas- a total of thirty points. Omady
kEtball- Monaays affair was the gained twelve points to lead her
exception The passwork was ex' team to victory. The Chi Sig of-
celléntv bOth teams made some fan’ fense continues to be supported by
tastlc Shots, plays Were W811 Set'up, Garfall who tallied nine of the to-
etc. Along this line, the improve- mi ten points.
ment in the Frosh passing tech- .
nique since the last game was most T"an booms Again

The contest between Stokes Hall

noticeable.
A factor in the quality of the and the Whiz Kids proved to be a
game was undoubtedly the Strict closer and more exciting one right
, . up to the final whistle. In this tilt
regmatmn 0f Chalgmg' Anyone Who the Whiz Kids took a 19-18 lead
gﬁlegftggﬁsamﬂyggezheﬂdftgnf over the spirited Stokes squad. At
deuce on charging We must agmi the half the Stokes girls were out
it is effective_e‘specmn if ill front by a narrow margin of 8-6.
guard does not Stand 1133’]. round The score continued to be a near
_but it does not make goog bas_ tie until the third quarter when
k tb u t Tilden, the frosh sparkpiug, scored
8 a ' I tends to clmnge “‘0 game twice to give the Whiz Kids a pre-
from a matter of skill and strategy carious margin In me fast two

to a quesmon 0f Whose forwards minutes of play Sowa came through

have the strongest shoulders. The .
. with two baskets for the Stokes Hall
Obie“ 0f the game is “Qt to plow team. Piercc's foul shot broke the

Egggﬁgegeimebut fot‘gbﬂlt' deadlock and brought the Whiz

away from one,s gu'aré by ' Noni Kids to a one point lead. Tilden

tossing the ban to “Home? teﬂmg: took scoring honors for the Whiz

mate and Generally 'keeﬁn. the Kids with fourteen points and

ban in moéio'; 1 3 Boynton and Sowa, the strong arms
' on the Stokes offense, each gained

Before we say anything more four goals for the losers.
about WAA, we’d like to get some- Swim ".1" Wins
thing straight. Criticism, can not ‘Smfles‘Hall appears to be gaim

hurt an organization If It is “1" ing momentum in the realm of bas-

just, it can be disproved. If it is . m
fair. it keeps the organization on ninwslllgegzggy awash, 231%

its toes b will in' .  ' ~ - ,
It is meta/1gengrﬁlylgggigk$13329: liglltlng f‘llomas More team to a
person outside a group can Often 25-16 defeat. From the very start
see its faults more clearly than of the contest the outcome seemed
someone within the group favorable for tile Sayles Hall sqllacl.
' Lcngyei, the malnspl'ing on the
Therefore when we criticiz - 1 ‘~
WAA we (1'0 so not [mm n ‘4 18 Sayles 'offense, displayed her usual
istic ’tendellcies or from 1a illosr‘rhll Skill With the 1190p and tossed up
desire to see how lllan' Scone ( “emf-three. palms to take top
can alienate We (we clinicmlzly 1we honms. Margot, Meeker, and Stri-
temsted m WAA {Ne  mi in {1' phas set up all alert and nearly
it that we think o'ilubg hulk: 1nl Impenetrable zone on the sayles
and we naturally lake the Imezlelcs “Mensa Penile)" Spark-plugged the
at hand to point mam out 4 Thomas MOle defense and inter-
- cepied several of the Sayles passes.
Looking- over the record of the Iorio was high scorer for the Thonl-
goings ‘oi' WAA in the past and as More girls with cleveil.
mparlng i with what has been .
going on ill recent years, we find a A Rare Game
serious gun That gap we would The third game of the week found
like to see €105ch For example, the Bares triulllphing over the Pill
WAA used to sponsor frequent D9115! 12'5~ The P1“ Dell-3 were
play-days “vim-c kids gm together forced to lake lo the court without
and just gmm-aiiy had a good time tllc able support of Seymour and
There were exhibition basketball venlol" Abrams! 13‘1"'i(150n and
games. ping pong matches, archery Booth set up a powerful offense
__9ndmg up Wm, Singing and l.e_ wh;ch thc vcicrun Pill Dclt guards
fl‘esinllcnis, WAA could make more were unable to block. Silverllail
use of these goodwill meetings nlzldc a valiant effort for the Pill
than they do, Delis scoring the total five points
n can be argued that mere are gained by hcr squad. At the first
not as many facilities available as half. lhc flares were ahead by one
f0i‘lilel‘ly--—ti‘ul151mm“Lion, etc. But, point and in ihc last frame Abrams
WAA does not, use [hose m hand come to thc foil: for the Pierce Hall
Washington park [his Hm. (Mm-ed girls gixilr; ihcln an undisputed
()ililfll'liiiiiiiijs im- gkiim; and blaming. ll‘llil. ill-r six tallies wcrc high for
~—l)lll. no more was made to utilize “1" Willi“
Llwm. A WAA skating party would Wl-dncsdlly night Altll’ili won
hill“? lions oycr big if it had been lilglllll ill llll()llli‘l' low—score gumc.
“JENNY/“(l- _ ' Wcias and ’i‘iscillcr gurncrcd eight
fills lag oi \villcil we: spoke has of Alil’ili‘s iii poinh. The game was
not been a sudden tilingwwc do not lligii—iivlllcd by lilc playing of Top—
ignore. on those in charge now. pcr lli hcr first. uppcui‘uilcc on thc
bu): sttflilvlt‘lllratlon’Illus been slow Page Hall court Michael was high
I (icy. int, wt. do think that thilf‘l‘ for Wrcn llail.
it. can be halted and the orgalliza~ Morclund forfcilcd their nanlc to
tion put back on top. Beta Zeta. n

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY, Plioe. DiAL. 5—1913

BOULEVARD GAFETERIA

Try Our Businessmau’s [.uncll

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

Rares, Sayles, Whiz Kids
KD, AE Phi And 32 Win

Sophmores Win
Rivalry Series

The Sophomore squad, chalking
up a 26-22 victory over the fresh-
man tcaln, on Monday netted three
points for rivalry basketball for the
second year.

The freshmen displayed more
power alld coordination ill the first
half than had been apparent in the
first game of the series, and, for a
time, it looked as if the third game
would have to be played. Russo
made nine points for the Sophs but
Tilden spark-plugged her team into
a substantial lead and the frosh
seemed to develop an eagle eye for
placing foul shots. At the end of
the half the score was 16-9 in favor
of the freshmen.

Credit goes to the frosh guards,
Dehl, Dillon and Trouser—who com-
pletely bottled up the Soph offens.
It was not until the second half
that the '47 forwards were able to
break through the impentrable zone
set up.

Soph Comeback

A determined Sophomore squad
answered the whistle for the third
quarter and made rivalry history.
The excitement of the Sophomores
and the consternation of the frosh
was evident as the Soph team re-
versed the lead. Dunlay’s speed
and passwork enabled the forwards
who were in position, to roll up the

score. Russo dropped in four bas-
kets and Baker made three long
shots and a foul throw. The fresh
fought hard to stop the slaughter
but at the end of the quarter had
added only three points to their
score. ‘

The Sophomores were ill the lead
23-19. Excitement had been raised
to such a pitch that Florence Gar-
fail, President of Student Associa-
tion, had to ask the rival classes to
refrain from too much enthusiasm
as it made it difficult for the teams
to play.

In the last quarter, the fresh tried
vainly to recover their former lead
but the Sophomore defense was
superb. The fact that Quinn made
only one point ill the game is ade-
quate testimony of Sweeney‘s guard-
ing ability. Margot and Campbell
made beautiful recoveries every
time the ball passed iilto freshman
territory. Russo made another
basket, but there were some anxious
moments for the Sophs when she
was taken out of the game with
only two minutes to play. Camp-
bell took over alld llcr guard posi-
tion was filled by Van Vl'ankcn
who had been in the starting line
up.

 

Announcement

War and the acceleration pro-
gram have played havoc with the
personnel of the Sports Depart-
ment. Any Junors, Sophomores
and freshmen who are interested
in sports and in writing about
them are invited—and encour-
aged—to tryout for the staff.

All those wishing to work
should drop a note to Joan Hy-
lind, '45, or come around to the
News office next Tuesday night
and make known their inten-
tions.

There is a great need for help
and a bright future is assured to
anyone coming out.

 

Thunderbolts Top
MAA League

The Thunderbolts, lead by the
hard-hitting Hank Farley, again
proved their claim to MAA bowling
honors by sweeping their second
four-game set in that many nights
of bowling. Dave Lehman’s club,
which, at the start, looked like it
might finish the season as the
doormat of the league, now leads
the revamped loop with eight vic-
tories and no defeats.

This was the first time that the
fellows had with the new handicap
set-up, and this arrangement look-
ed to be the best thing that has hit

 

 

Phi Deli: Leads
WAA Bowling

The number of games played by
individual teams, so far in the WAA
bowling league, has not been enough
to enable the individual and team
scores to be determined. There
are a few games that have been
played for which the scores have
not been handed in. As it stands
now. Phi Delt has the lead, win-
ning a total of three games out of
three played, giving a percentage
of 1.000.

The league standing is as follows:

Won Lost

Sayl-ES .................................. .. 1
Phi Delt 

Moreland . 1
B Z .......... ..

Gamma Kap ........... .. 1
K D ........................... ..

Chi Sig  2
A E Phi . 3
Psi Gain . 2

 

The highest individual score for
a single game is 186—by Mary Now,
playing on Psi Gamma’s team.

Pierce Hall and the St. Thomas
More house have withdrawn from
the league, therefore, the games
they have played with other teams
will not be counted in the final
scoring, since this would result iii
an uneven number of games played
by each team.

Judy Dubc. “4’7" captain, states
that games lllust be played the day
on which they are scheduled. If,
however. it is impossible for the
team to play the game on the day
scheduled, it can be made up, but
it must be lllade up before the next
game scheduled by the team is
played. Otherwise this would result
ill too many “put-off” games to be
played the filial week.

Besides those bowling with lea-
gue tcams, several girls intending
to receive WAA credit are also
bowling. Tile highest individual
score for our of those games is 168
bowled by Bctly Clougil. “45.”

the league. The handicaps, which
are the difference between indivi~
dual averages alld 200, gives the
weaker teams a chance, and also
serves to keep the strong teams on
their collective toes.

Lehman‘s hot shot club opposed
Bruce Hansen‘s second-place Whiz
Kids and really took the wind out
of their sails. With Farley and
Lehman leading the way the Thun-
derbolts swamped the Whiz Kids
completely. Farley had high single
and high triple for the night with
176 and 481. Jim Crandell again
was the main-stay of the Whiz
girls, racking- up scores of 149 and

3.

Monday night‘s other match
found George Hess‘ Flashes taking
advantage of tile gellci'ous handi-
cap allotted them to win three out
of four games from Bob Sullivan’s
All Americans. The Flashes were
far off form and the only thing
that saved them was the 234 pill
advantage they enjoyed from the
handicap. The All Americans were
pitching all the. way and lost total
pills by only 11. Hess was top for
his club with 165 and 381. Sullivan
with 164 and Whytock with 438 were
the best for the All Americans.

To Be rials

Basketball

Starting next week. three league
games will be scheduled every Sat-
urday. If a group house is sched-
uled for bowling and basketball
contests at the same time, team
members should contact one of the
basketball captains and the difficul-
ty will be straightened out.
Monday, March 5.

i:l7u i’si (i:lililli.l vs. Ncu'muu.
|:.'lo .\l-Il'lli \'.~'. 'I‘ommy .\lnl'c.
Tuesday, March 6.

Tzlin i'u-lu chu rs. Sliyll-s.

7:7.” \\'rcn \‘s. lluinmu Killi.

Mill l'lIl |h-ll:l vs. 1‘lii Sig.
Wednesday, March 7.

7:1!!! Slolics vs. i|,\|l.-iluiici'.~'.

7:3” Hurt-s rs. .‘lill'i'lillill.

\zill Whiz Kills \‘s. |\';ippu lh-llu.
’i‘ilursduy, March 8

ii”. .\l'll'l|l \'~. .\‘:lyl4-.<.

l;.'-u i‘hi Sig \‘s. Sluilcs.
Saturday. March 10.

'_':nu l'xi Ii.lmm:l \x. l’ili lu-llu,
11:7.” i\';lpp.i lll'll,| rx. 'l‘oinmy Mol'c.
1::ifi liill'i‘x \~. Wren.

 

 

of friendly refreshment.

 

for the friendly refreshinan of ice-cold (Inca-(Eula. \Vllcrcvcr
you go, (loco-Cola stands for (be [MI/n: (but rq/I'csbcs,—a symbol

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING COMPANY

Let’s all refresh . . . l—la‘vc 

\‘= 2- ‘-—- ~ .

 

I, > ‘A n J ‘ I / ‘ ‘ 4
mar bang [Hardly along [Le way
The camaraderie of the open road is summed up in the words

"(we a Cake. A: stops, everyone steps up in illc familiar red cooler

if

   
       
 
 

mum" lllllii.‘ ,.

 

"a. ll Idi‘v’é'vr‘i:

'«tlie M _

   

,_

iTp

  

It's natural for popular names
to acquire friendly ullbrcviu.
.1 Lions. That's why you hear
‘ Coca-(Lulu Lulch Cukc.

iL———© 1945 The C-C rn

 

 

Revision Motions
On Constitution

To Be Presented

Weinberg, Whylock,
Goldberger To Speak

In a recent assembly it was seen
by the question of the constitution-
ality of a motion proposed by Robert
Sullivan, ’46, which would amend
the duties of the Student Board of
Fillance, that the Student Associa-
tion Constitution is in need of re-
vision. Therefore, two members of
the student body and Student Coun-
cil will present alternative plans for
revision in this morning's assem-
bly. Both plans have as their ob-
jective the rearrangement, reword-
ing and amending of the constitu-
tion in which the material is scat-
tered, highly verbose and vaguely
defined. Botil also hope, by this re-
vision. to acquaint the student body

 

Queen Of "Musiongeers”
Honors llMinervcl’s Portals"

State has had queens before,
but now Minerva’s portals boast
the queen of the ‘Mustangeers’.

William B. Dorsman, First
Lieutenant, AAF, and finance of
Marion Duffy, ’45, has received
the DFC for ‘extraordlnary ac-
hievement while participating in
aerial flight over the Mediterra-
nean’.

Dorsman and his two flying
buddies live, eat and fly togeth-
er, and have been dubbed ‘the
three Mustangeers’ by the mem-
bers of the -51 Mustang group.
Their plane, ‘The Darling Duffy’
came gloriously through fifty
missions and yet the Dumas-
lleros refused their fatigue leave
to ‘stay to the end.’

Lt. Dorsman is still flying over
the blue Mediterranean, the
proud wearer of the DFC and
the Air Medal with four oak-leaf
clusters dreaming of his “Darling

 

 

with what the constitution contains.
Weinberg’s Revision Plan

Following are the main details ill
the plan for revision to be pro-
posed by Gerhard Weinberg, sup—
ported by James Whytock, Sopho-
mores:

The main committee would con-
sist of eleven people—two represen-
tatives from each class. appointed
by the president and approved by
the class; one from Student Council,
alld one from the Student Board
of Finance. This member is con-
sidered necessary. because as it has
already been mentioned. it was the
controversy over the duties of the
financial board that first brought:
up the question of revision. It has
also been said that a member fronl
this board is necessary because the
financial problems of the Constitu-
tion arc the most complicated. The
method of determining these per—
sons will be given ill assembly. The
cicvclllh person on the committee
would be elected directly by Student
Association and would also be the
chairman of thc lnain commission.
Class Representation

Bcsidcs thc main commission there
would be a sub-committee compris—
ing ten people elected from each
class and file vice-presidents of each
class as the chairmen. This would
make a total of 11 from each class,
44 members on the sub-committccs
and 55 aliogciilcr to revise the Con—
stitution. The purpose of the sub—
committee is to chnnilcl lilc idcus
from thc clusscs to tho main coul-
mittee.

lll addition. Wcinbcl‘g stated that
cacli class could rcmovc any person
on a committcc who had too much
othcl' work, who showed disinterest.
01' who didn't fulfill the obligations
(Conliilm'd. on Poi/1' .l, column 0’

Chimes Ring in Battle For Title, Foriun

Springtime is opcrcita lime and
Opcrcliu limc usually means Gil-
bcrl and Sullivan. Usually. but not
always l‘luilquctlc‘s “Chimes of
Ncrllulndy" will ring throughout
Pugc Hall on March 2‘2. and 23,
culling nil yc music iovcrs to come,
lislcn llllfl clijoy.

if u suddcil bubbic cuts ill on llll‘
chimcs. it‘s only lhc gossips of thc
villugc of Col'llcvillc, discussing illc
coining umnlui fair, and, incldcnlul-
1y. spi'cuding lllc luicsl dirt about
in bcilc Scl'polclic a poor lilllc in—
lloccni who‘s only trying to use
sonn- pnpcrs shc found to gcl. u
lilic. nloncy and u lilllc recognition
from ihc man of her ciloicc. Agncs
Young, us Scrpolcllc. almost hits
lllc jackpot, but Al Rt't'fl, lllc vil-
lulnous old illiscr. puts it monkcy
\\'l"‘lll'll lll llll' works and lhc nloilcy
filinlly gocs to llcl' l‘ivill, Mul'y Dcc
Aldcn. l‘lVl‘li lilc clllmcs will change
to u whislic when Aidcll and Young
(lcfy lllc local customs and llsc u
iililc icg ill'l.

'i‘ilc chlmcs sound illorc loudly us
plots and (:ountcr plots clash buck
and [lie audience wonders just who
will end up marrying whom? (las-
purd wants to marry (lcrnlainc,
Mary Dec Alden, to the principal

Duffy."

 

Statemen Plan

Semi-FormalDance

Schedule To include
Date Party, April 13

The statesmen at a meeting last
Tuesday formulated plans for their
second semester’s activities in ac-
cordance with the first semester’s
full social program. They will hold
a statesmen Date Party, April 13.
ill the Lounge. This affair will be
for the statesmen alld their dates
exclusively. The theme and other
details have not been definitely de—
cided upon yet. Richard Smith, ’47,
is in charge of refreshments.
Semi-formal. May 12

The big affair of the semester will
be a semi-formal dance tentatively
scheduled for May 12, the day after
Moving Up Day. This dance model—
ccl on the old All—State Dance, will
be held ill both Picrcc and Saylcs
Hails. As in former years there will
bc a boardwalk illuminated with
colored lights running across the
dorm field.

Plan for Two Orchestras

Plans as they now stand illcludc
two orchestras, ollc ill the Ingic
Room and one in the Sllylcs Hail
Gym. At present lhc Statesman arc
contacting orchestras and arranging
olhcl' dcluils.

(‘lcncral chairman of the affair is
Philip hashinsky. ‘4’]. Lashillsky
slulcs lilul llll‘ Stairsmcn as a
group dcsirc to make this dance
'41]! lhc old traditional Ali-Stillc
dunccs \Vt‘l’t‘ to State Colicgc.’

 

magistrate of thc district; Grclli-
cilcux wants to marry Gcl'mulnc
to rGi'l‘lllCllf‘llx, and (lcrlnuinc und
Scl‘polcllc cun'l dccidc.

li‘ishcrlllun Cl'uniiull lrics his bcsl
lo will iilc l'uii' (lcrnluinc cvcn
claiming lllul ilc had oncc suycd
hcr from drowning. Bill. (lcl'inuinc's
too smart to swuilow llllli (inc and
shc lukcs udvunlalgc of lilc Irudl-
Iionnl privilcu-s of llil' \’ill:l|'," fair
and lulu-s rcl'ugc as n Hl'i'l'ﬂlil o1 llil'
lWill'lilllh. Vcrllc h‘lili'hlliill lll l'c-
llcnl'suls l’l'oi'. Hlokcs got Inorc than
his hlllll'l' of iii-nip, :u-l'llllllcii lil'oulul
llll‘ floor, subbing for lllc :llllni'.
l'ihilcl'inun.

Vcl'lic Murmliull. our Mcdiczil :vln»
(lclll fricnd. shows his iilllhil'i'l)‘
loncll. uhcn lll' llkcs ovcl' as lhc
Ilig:.ilol who inc.» lll llll' l'llillt'llil for
which llu- \‘illillgl‘ was lillllll‘ll. ilc
docs nil i'llilll ioi' illinm-li, loo. nlnl
cnds up .ulunilliu', uloligsldc Aldon
who's wcni'lng ll bi'ililii vcil oi Nor—
|llll|lll_\‘ lucc. Al lll‘iii‘l Vcl'lic's l'cul—
1y bu:illui. though. in l'cllclll‘sui llll'
mighty low-r sloppcd short and
wu.llc(l to know ~"Wluit'ii I do
now?” liiVl'ii liic cllilncs lost. ii boat.
ill lhui and burst into ii pcul of
luligillcr.

(lllosls wander around nightly,

 

‘ State College

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1945

FrOsh To Present Filth "B
Unique Musical, "Flying H

ELAINE NAVY

Sprenger Slates
Tryouts Monday

Martha Sprenger, ‘45, President of
Dramatics and Arts Council has
announced that try—outs for parts
in “Night Must Fall,“ a murder
tragedy by Emlyn Williams which
will be presented by the College
Playhouse fills Spring. will be held
Monday at 7 PM. in the Lounge.
The production is undcr the (lircc-
tion of Martha Joycc, '45. newly
elected President of the Playhouse.

Tile plot centers about Dilll, ii
young bciiboy ill a hotcl rcsorl io-
calcd near Esscx. England. As lhc
action unfolds. u illlll'fll‘l' of ll gucsl
at the ilolcl is lruccd to Dull by
Olivia. a young woman, who cllooscs
lo silicld him. ’l‘ilc climlix is rcuchcd
wilcn Dun. powi-rlcss ill ilomicidui
instincts. plots the illlll‘(ll‘l' of ii
woman l'or lll‘i' moncy.

Copies of the tryout parts will l)l'
:lvailnblc by Friday. 'i‘hc cost of
churnclirs in be choscu from llll‘
lryouls arc as follows: Lord Chief
.Iusiicc; Mrs. 'llrumson. n fussy, dis-
conicnicd, common woman of 55;
Nursc Libby. u kindly. mullcr-of—
incl. young north-country district
iilll‘M'; Olivia (.iruync. il subdued
woman of 2H; l'll‘l'lJl'l‘l Luuric, a
roomy and pompous man of 35. and
:znil llilil‘l‘S.

Ilnl ilcnri‘s not afraid and proves
that 11 s only llll‘ old iniscr who‘s

playing Mr. Awful ill ordcr lo kccp
outaulcrr. from his ll'cusurc hoard.

’i‘llc di:-.co\'cry is too much for Al

li'l'i'll who imnlcdinlcly bccoincs ill-
Milli“. llc bubblcs on until the cru-

l'llll momcnl whcll ilc snaps back to
runny and |)l'()\'l‘>. lhul (lcrmulnc is
illc long-lost lady of tho chulcuu.
l1 1;. (lunpurd who millics Scl'polcllc
gills:“3:122:11; '33:; 31.221113511113131). lr‘ur lt‘llh‘l, on chncsduy lll 3:30 RM. Slicllon, Alice Williams.
in- llllll :lllilllhl lll'ill'(l illc villugci's
mono: 'l‘nrmng lhc dark cloud in-
‘nlc out, Scrpolcllc says. philoso-
phically, “Wcll. the Marquis got
(ili'illllllll‘, ticrlnuinc got the title
and moncy. and i got Grcnicllcux.”
'l'ilc din gcls icss and icss and the
cinmcs can again bc hcurd us tllc
rcconciiiuiion of all purlics brings
lllc llll'cc—ucl comic (lpcrcltil lo a

l losc

'usmy
STATE C{}l...l..ﬁ
[allay/ti'i’iii‘.  Y.

News

an.

   
 

 

VOL. XXIX NO. I!

II
I9 8
igh"

 "  Opens in Page

' 'i ' Tomorrow Night

Worth, Navy Direct
'48'3 Talent Triumph

“Flying High," a unique musical
r. production, to be presented tomor-

; row night at 8:30 PM. in Page Hall
i is the freshman contribution for the
fifth event in the Big 8 series.

Co-chairmen of the event, Eloise
Worth and Elaine Navy, and the
theme committee including Virginia
DiGregorio. Blanche Lucks, Justine
Maloncy. Ariiene Riber and Harold
Vaughn have written the story for
the musical centering the plot
around four people trying to prove
themselves worthy of entrance into
Heaven. Attempts to bribe St. Peter
portrayed by Donald Herold; Ga-
brielle, played by Grace Jones; and
the judges including Susan O'Con-
nell, Mary Quinn, Sally Pratt, Edna
Kirkpatrick are made through per-
formances which work into the

   theme of the musical production.

“The Way to Heaven”
Tim Delegates   a 
To Convention

A
matron, a bobby-socks girl and a
dead-end kid are waiting outside
the Pearly Gates for admission. But
they have committed sins for which
, .‘ H , , . tvley lllust atone, the chosen wa
is sscnbl norlam Will be . . Y
unidigzyld an. chm: lpm_l=LS—_a movie, chlng entertainment for those who
the prcscnlntion of ii tentative con- EMS] bitween. them and heaven.
slilution. llll(l voting by Student As- 1.11“ e. ‘0 1381.150111] for themselves.
socialion to the American Arbitra— “ends on 9.91“? are summoned to
iioll ()onvcnlion to be held in New come to‘me“ “1d-
York City April 5 and 6. , Tile blondway Producer. Playea by
"1"hc motion uiiinlatcly aims to lele-V_Foreman' (greets the We?“
clarify and simplify the present 3113.10 5110‘“ T119311?“ Performer ls
l‘lill(l"lil Association Constitution. A Hus, 1}}e,l"}a10110y “113.1% 51 3010. ‘.MY
motion will be propOscd by Gcr- C10 10’ the bend“! or the SOClety
lllll'lll Wcinbcrg illlll Julncs Whytock,
Sophomorcs. Sludcnt Council will
fry in dcl‘cal illi,‘ aforementioned
motion with an alternative plan for

matron. Donald White, pianist, will
render an original composition and
the introduction to Tchaikowsky’s
Fifth Symphony.

scllmg up :1 constitution revision “Worm-“lie Trends
mnnnnwc The bobby-sock girl's call is an-
'l‘hc movie is clltitled “Americans SWPI'GCI by Sue Hildl'etll ﬁlld ROdney
All" and will concern social prob— Folder giving a iitterbus exhibition;
lclns ill connection with the current E1191} FRY Presenting her modern
discussion of discrimination now “31310” or "BOY Crazy." it mono-
i‘uging ill the publications and lcgis- 1031191 ﬁlld A1111 RiCOr singing “I’m
lulurcs of the nation. JUSL ‘1 Gm W110 can’t SiI-Y N0."
'l‘hc convention rcprcscntatiVi-is The dead—“Kl kid 011115 1113011 Mary
“(unpumld Liming last Mondays Jane Giovononne who vocalizes on
plugs musings “m; the number, "I Come From Down

.iumcs Cl'undull, Gloria Mchrran, By the GllshOUSC."
Shiricy Pussow, Jean Rosette, and A dl‘unkﬂl'dv Played by Edith D611.
Rum.” Supp/ml. Juniors: Betty J‘ who has been waiting outside for a
1mm”. Bony Brewster, James con- long time, joins with the others to
11.3.. Mum-“.10Oral-ady'MuI-y Tenmh prove himself worthy. His friends
lllld Gerhard Weinberg, Sophomores; With £9101“ are “10 bﬂl'bel‘ShOD

      
 

ELOISE WORTH

Jun“.S 13mph)“ Mm-iei Gardner, quart-cf who come to his aid. Janet
e-Clnd Verne MorShOH-l Gloria Gilbert. Betsy Naylor, Susan Bl'adl’v Bﬂl'bm‘a Harris, Dorene Hol-

O‘Conncii, and Phyllis Witt Penn, land: and E10359 worth Will hm“
lrlwhmmr lnonlzc on typical tunes sung ill the
barbershop. Phyllis Whit-Penn and
Shirley Webb will sing “By the
Light Of A Silvery Moon.”
. Frosh Chorus Under Walsh
concernmg Far East Under lllc dircctlon of Nancy
Walsh illL‘ following frcshmen will
Rosario Trusso, ‘45, spcakcr of sing in the chorus: Mal-dell Brusie,
Forum, has announced that Miss qull Connor. Adl'ilm 101'10. Jean

L‘ihci Ewing. assistant professor of I'lcgingcr, Iiclcn Kisici, Phyllis
Social Sludics, will lcclurc on tile Mcycrs, Junc O'Brien, Dorothy

in lhc Loungc. Miss Ewing will deal Following lhc musical, dancing
with lllc domestic and l‘orclgn us- will bc held ill the gym until 12
pccts of the Far East situation. Ac— PM. Admission price is $.35. The
cording to Miss 'l‘russo the talk will fl‘csinncn hope to cxcccd their goal
bc cspcciully bcncl'iciul to those ill which has bccn sct at $200.
the Social Sludics ficid as Miss l'roduclioii (.‘onnniltccs
Ewing is quilc an uulhority on the James Bl'opily, Prcsidcnt of the
probicms luld pcopll‘ of the Far East. class, has announced the names of
Seniors To Speak fhc following people working on
Anilu Lconc, and Mario 'l‘rupusso, committees for the production:
Scniors, who spoke on the topic, Slugc: Frances Childs, cilairillan;
"(tolllpuisory Military 'l‘rulning” at BMW Cuvanaugil, .lollu Hailiillond,

llo lilll risk for whom lhc “Chimcs liuvcna rcccnliy. have bccn invited Dorcnc Holland, Bully June Jones'

of Nol'nnlndy" l'illli; lllcy ring for

' lo spcnk bcl‘orc the Parent Teachers Dorothy
you and the many others who will Association at New Lebanon. This Schooninukcr,

Plunkcil, Betty Jane
Barbara Walden;

bc going toward Page Hall on March subject is discussed with view of Business: Rodney Fcldcr, cilairiliail;
‘JL‘. and 23. 'l‘ickcts are on sale at post—war planning and the present Marie Balfort, Ray Cocuzzi. Jean

the college Co-op or any music store military situation.
in the city for 650 (tax included),

Hansen, Solon Horn. and Dorothy
Forum also is planning a discus- Wilde; Publicity: Ellen Fay, chair-

goncrui admission, and 35c, student sion of Zionism after the Spring luau; Ethel Angle, Lillian Gilbert,

admission.

recess. Donald Herald, Paul Medows.

 TEACHERS,

 

 
 
 

 

