   

 

“Avicenna: "News. rill-JAY, anemone, me

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established My me
By the Clan e! 1910

Vol. XXX December 7, 1945
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest ’
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State 
College for Teachers: published every Friday of the Col-

lege year by the NEWS Board for the Student Assoclao
tion. Phones: Berbrlch, 2-0120;0’Nell, 3,0533: Fear, 8-1011:
Cranier, 2-0870.

 

 

To the Editor:
There have been letters and there

 

‘ The News Board has been discussion in small groups
sun-em I. O'NEIL . . . . :nlron-m-cmlr 0“ the My5kanla question These
JOAN D. IIRIRICH . . , . . co.snirou-IN-cnllr have SerVed mainly to bring the 18-
ISABEL sun . . . susmm MANAGIR sue to the fore. and to encourage

CIRCULATION MANN". every member Of the student body
ADVERTISING MANAGIR to consider his own opinion and
"our: EDITOR that of others.

The time has now arrived for an
open discussion of the issue with

JOIEPHINE MAGGIO . . .
MARGERY CRAMER - . .
MARY SULLIVAN -

 

 

KATHRYN HAGERTY - - - - ASSOCIATE sorrow
MARY TEBSlER - - a I - AIIOCIATE EDITOR
. all sides represented, and a consid-
amng eration of plans for reform. In this
way there could be an intelligent
All commuplcutioni should [m idercslsgtll {3 the editoruanp and time-conserving discussion dur-
“'“3‘ be 53W“ V‘m‘“ .‘V . e w‘ '8 "9°" “3" “i ing the assembly in which the plans
" ’A ‘E ‘OLI.EGE anus . I‘ on iiiim
[Adi-enifhldns expressed in its colddildlslesbrugerrimpunlzuiions 0‘ rerorm W“l be Presean because
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect us View. many points would have been clari-
fled.
9 There will be a meeting on Wed-
nesday, December 12, in Room 20
  n from 3:30 to 4:30. Everyone who
. . is interested come to the meeting!
Assembly attendance troubles are With us again. We can express our own ideas and
The line outside the President’s office this week was Eealltoaiétl?iasis gﬁxpﬁigtﬁi enwtf 3::
an obvious indication that State is settling into the (12:1 0 c1, atically. g y
same old rut. Granted that seating chart and an- Gerhard Weinberg, ’47
nouncement difficulties entered into it, there are B. J. McGrath, ’46
u o , ' )
still those who can’t wait for lunch or who wonder Elizabeth 0 31,0“; 43
bl ssar obli ation enforced b the Jean Grimm 46
A5583“. y m} unnece y g y Shirley Passow, ’46
administration. Lynn Wolff, '46
Just what is the reason for the hour a week that T m Edilt’hil Lnshinsky, ’47
. ' . _ o e or:
is set (wide and called Assembly? Why the compul In a recent issue of the NEWS a
sory attendance? . _ ’ _ letter appeared criticizing the
First and foremost, this program was initiated Freshmen Orientation program.
r 05 . tate has .1 student This student stated that the admin-
for governmzntald pu pthes S . . 16: Of dem_ istration had conducted these
governmem flse on e Vefy Prmmp _ meetings along anti-sorority lines.
ocracy—one is not only entitled but obligated to I wish to disagree.
voice his opinions and vote on any and all legisla- In the first place this program
was planned by the Faculty-Stu-

tlon Preser,‘ted by hls governing b0.dy‘ hWhaﬁ.Sui- dent Committee of Student Council.
dents dont seem to understand is t at't lS IS They chose the President of Inter.
our government. We voted these people into of- sorority Council to pick the two

' - 0 he adminis- Sorority girls who would uphold the
fice' we owe It to ourselves’ nOt t t Sororities' side of the question. On

tration, to give them our active support, to approve hearing of this project two other
or disapprove their legislation and to uphold the Sorority gins interested in the pro-
system of checks and balances. We are the assem- gram volunteered to defend the

. __ 7 . Anti-Sorority side. Following this,
bly of this government the people. “e are the the position of the independent m

citizens of State. Our votes are the deciding factor, college was presented by a Student
the voicing of public opinion, and every vote is lm- who attempted to show as clearly as

- “ moi “163 possible the pros and cons of re-
portant in a democracy, for the ma} r ly r nmmmg independent. Certainly

By putting us under obligation on Friday morn— there was nothing anti_Sm.m.ity
ings, the administration is helping us to keep our about this, The comments of the
student governmentﬂnot sadisticzilly enforcing an- freshmen m the Now—s poll showed

- . . .. -. -, .' , that the majority of them agreed
other rule. Juggling schcdults is ccrtauily not fun that the Speakers presented were

for them. What they are forcing us to (lO'lS .to unprejmlicecL
develop a sense of independence and respoiisdnllly The fact that more students cliosc

. ' , .. . . , ‘  _.( 1.10 .md‘ am. to go independent this year does
that Will makc us bclter Citizens )l b a c not mean mm mm program was

scqucntly, better Citizens of the world. Mr this, anmSomrity' bm simply that for
we are obligated to lhcm. the first time freshmen had‘ the
Nor do we seem to realize that the degree of Olil)01'liillllyto See both sides oil the
freedom of speech and government which we have {iigﬁlﬁﬁ‘digéasenliféln233W £13m 
(i063 “01 CXlSt in every C‘mcl-CC- Stale '5 Llnl(luv m both ‘sidcs of the question and to
this sense. This has been proven by reports from inch tlicii'bwn (lecislpns. u t
colleges and universulcs that have either complete  Help};ng
lawn." comm] “r 5m“ Sulm‘v'smn‘, , the students and to make the pro—
From a social point of view, this fifty minutes a gran] {or the new swam, more
week is the only opportunity the entire studcul liqililltuxlmiéilfin lllslllilstﬁlﬁlll'tbﬁig Cmic
. ' "l a, ,1 r , , _

hmly has m “a “Mather for. fun .and mmmng.“ ism of the administration was un-
intcrcsts. Assembly presentations give us something my, and I believe “my we pro-
in common—wan intangible something that holds us gram on the whole has proved

together not just as four distinct .l':.m.. hill 05 1l bunemml'

H ()llc—llllel'esliitl—ill-I“itll'-l'llly.
(0 I'gc. _
The Weekly Bulletin

"ll: is More Blessed. . .
l"l‘l., lli‘l'. T lll\'llll',\’ nllig' lll .\H.“il‘llllll.\',

. . ..
, . to give than to receive. H A} ,,

\lyskzmia has announced that for the second ltussluii .\l'l uml Lll'l’d'uluro I‘X'
‘ .I . y ‘4 ‘ i .   lllllll Il|Il'lls lo Ilooui '_'0i. lll‘illll‘l‘.
your n will ink“ “vcr as Danni (’l‘lub [Ur ‘1‘“ L“ ' \'lsll;lllou si-ri'lco lil llluiui Sho-
'- l v- u 7- - '~ I 'l‘- 1‘ 1 5:30 P. .\l., upou~
drop at the Albany liomc. Last ycars party was “2:11?” ll’gllllnimllllll ‘
very successful and the orphans got a great deal of s.” ,Ioi-ilv.  siii‘llur Hamlin-l. “2-H! l'.
' . r . .\., .lll' "a i-sluui'uul.
pleasure from the gills collcclcd from the Student Mm,” “W. ‘m phmhm‘ Mung,“ ,,,,,.
l“l'l'lll'll f‘lul» pui'ly lIl Lounge, 7:30
Body. -. \l

Members of Student Association should nccd no 'r.....47,,“;|lil..-. ‘1'. lump}. 1:. ll,.l,..:.g:.mul.
- o - , 1: '. , , " i-sovoi: "m J -
urging to support Myskanla ili this effort and toii~ ml,“ Wm“, W WM MM”, 5",”,
- v ‘ .... ..  i " i u‘ - l‘llus."
tribute the gifts as soon db possible. llic plLasurc “,MIIIW. 1: “Wm”: M SCA Cabinet
that those children get from the games and toys ills'fﬁ‘ill‘l'l. u.' H I I H m
. _ . , , .‘ ‘. 'ui n- Kory l'l' u non
is certainly Wurth lh“ small ﬁnmum’ 0‘. mmu'y ‘md l'uilnl'lun .l‘lmpi-i. Minn Louise
2 A .IcwI-ll tillf‘lllilfl'.
“for [medal m buy thcm', , Forum meeting, Lounge, at 0:30
In order to make the drive as easy as poss1blc, H p, ,i,’ H l‘ I H H Hm”
‘ , '. , . "lurs., cc. . il‘llrll, oli incl l!‘
boxes have been Set “D m Draper ‘md Rich‘udﬁon ol' lll‘lilllil Council will meet of
~ I I " I - i - ' 0230 iii Itoolu 100.
for the presents and a list has been posted w1th WWW“ mm mm in Wm
the age groups assigned to the four classes here. “all.

 

' endege Glade-«fad

Finding many overlooked papers and ideas still scattered
N0: 11 about the P0, we thought we would continue in last week's
vein and bring you the latest bits from collegiate hits—

lndiana Penn (Indiana S.T.C.)

“The Indiana Broadcasting Com-
pany, Inc., has offered its radio fa-
cilities to Indiana State Teachers
College. Groups from the college
will write scripts and present broad-
casts both from the station studios
and over wired connections from the
college auditorium. Station WDAD
will provide mechanical and profes-
sional service needed for the broad-
casts.

In addition to the actual broad-
casts, the station has offered its
facilities to be used in connection
with the regular class work in the
college radio courses. Scripts and
script writing, microphones and mi-
crophone tecniques, small and large
group arrangements, sound effects
equipment, transcribing and play-
back machines, are a few of the
items that the station will place at
the disposal of the college classes.”

Here, State, is an idea to work
upon. We also have the talent—we
also have the radio station—1? .’
Tempo (Chicago Teachers College)

“Faculty members and men stu-
dents are accorded smoking oppor-
tunities in their offices and lounge.
It is no more than fair that the
women should share this privilege.
Suitable accommodations for the
women may be the answer to this
problem.”

We should belong to the ASL
(Anti-Smoking League)!

Rider News (Rider College, Tren-
ton, N. J.)

“Ten men were chosen to comprise
the membership of Skull and Saber
by the Student Council and were
approved by the faculty advisers ac-
cording to President Ralph Wiest.

Skull and Saber was re-estab—
lished last Wednesday by the Stu-
dent Council. Previously the hon-
orary organization was established
to promote, recognize and acknowl~
edge or reward all leaders and groups
in every phase of intramural and
varsity extra-curricular activities
for men . . .

Next year the organization will
revert to the idea that it will be
representative of those men who are
outstanding in some phase of physi-
cal or mental endeavor."

Things are tough all over!

The Daily Athenium (W. Va. Univ.)

“Here’s good neWs. College wom-
cn needn‘t turn grey any more at
the prospect of blng old maids. A
survey made by the Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company proves that
the smarter a woman becomes the
more likely are her chances to make
a socalled "good match."

The study shows both men and
women are likely to choose mates
with schooling similar to their own.
Almost half the college men inter-
iewed had married college women.
and only on in sixteen had married
a woman whose education luid stop-
ped with grade school.

The fair scx did even better. More
than half stuch that they had mar-
ried college men. The survey did-
ii’l. go into the details on how to
catch the male. Undoubtedly they
feel that college womcii know the
how: and whcrcfoi'cs of the chase."

Wilt-lo .’ .’ .’ .’ .’

Indiana I’cmi (Indiana S.'l‘.(?.)

“All students iiiusl. ultciid coiivo
cation ut 10:00, every Tuesday morn-
ing. Students will be seated ulpliu-
beliczilly in rows according to clas—
scs. If more than two convocntlous
are missed, the student is required to
take an extra hour of work towards
graduation . . . Although this action
seems undcmom'iuic, compulsory
convocation is bore and should be
given a trial . . .

Nevertheless, the present. plan is
not infallible. Wc object to the
seating ui'i'angcmiitwulpiiabllcully
and according to classes. Since this
is the only opportunity for the stu-
dciit body to meet as a unit, we
should be permitted to choose our
own permanent seats among our
friends. This would eliminate, to a
great extent, the feeling that con~
vocation was Just another class.

Would you rather make up an
hour or have an interview with the
President of the College."

 

 

By MINDY WARSIIAW

ANIMAL NEWS—BE KIND T0 DUMB HUMANS
WEEK
Because they are so kind, and because they get
along together so much better than humans, and
because they are so publicity-starved, we dedicate
this, the first part of our little column. to the animals
in the new.
1. RABBIT SHOOTS MAN _‘
A little rabbit was hopping blissfully about the
forest down in Kentucky when all of a sudden,
along comes one of those men called a hunter
that Momma Rabbit had warned him about. Be-
fore he can say “Jack Rabbit,” the hunter has
him, little baby rabbit slung over his shoulder.
So the rabbit, who is nobody’s fool, catches his
furry rabbit's foot in the gun, accidently pulls
the trigger, and “hing,” the hunter is lying flat
on his back on the ground. And if you don’t be-
lieve it, you can go down to the LouISVille, Ken-
tucky hospital where the hunter is “comfortably
resting" and see for yourself. (And then if you
sit down and stay awhile, maybe you'll even get
some nice rabbit stew for dinner from one of
the pretty nurses.)

 

lit a
2. OF MICE AND MEN
Last Wednesday morning, two little Saratoga
Springs mice got bored with their cheesy exist-
ance and decided to look for al ittle excitement. So
they entered the house of a tax-paying citizen,
crept into the kitchen and began to gnaw matches.
Soon the whole kitchen was ablaze and the mice
stood in the corner licking their whiskers in their
excitement. Enter the firemen. Exeunt the two
rodents (before anybody even got a chance to
press charges for arson, too!)

i It It

3. DOES YOUR PIGEON LOOK DIFFERENT
LATELY?
A very tired homing pigeon fought its way through
rain and sleet sometimes last week, and soon he
was all petered out, so . . . he made a forced
landing in the lobby of Ellis hospital, Schenectady.
If your pigeon is missing, the leg band number
is AU-45?S2-3815. If he is yours and you are giving
a reward for his return, communicate with me
and I will tell you who has possession of the
pigeon.
iii >iI 4|
ANIMALS OF AMERICA, UNITE! YOU TOO CAN
CATCH THE PUBLIC‘S EYE! That is all . . .

AND SO TO THE MEN

John Murray, Edgar O’Hara, (both former NEWS
Ed's). Howie Anderson, Sol Stolbol'f (and wife Cis
Goidberger Stolboff), and Andy Takas, now all dis-
charged veterans, are filling the balls with their
handsome presences (three of them are married; one
is taking the final step this month: two are fathers.
and the one single one is looking intercstcdly at a
Sophomore desk cditor-——I don‘t know why I even
bother to pill their names in here . . . l
TWO MORE itE'l‘UItNEES

This February will find Sgt. Ed ltced, '43, back for
his Master's degree. and Warren Walker, ’44, also re
turning along with his wife, the former Barbara
.Iean Kerien. '43, who will get her Master‘s and chap-
crone her husband at the same time . . .

WHERE TO WRITE Al.

Al Balk, '47, is now in Fort Dix's Finance Depart—
ment (says he spent a memorable week-end in New
York Cityl. If you wanna write, address:

Pvl. Al Bulk ASN 42258479
Separation Center, Fort Dix, New Jersey
WOMEN OF S'I‘A'I‘E—AIJ. IS NOT LOST!

On Sunday iicxl. u Grccnwicli justice qr llll'
peace will join lll holy wedlock that spi'y young
Casanova Tommy Muiivillo and his eighth better
hull, Hobo News writer Georgia Cunipbcll. So if
you‘re longing for luxury. don't give up hope .
if a cat has nine lives, Tommy Munvillc can have
llllll‘ wives . . . (now. let's see. I want. u miiik coal,
and a seven hundred million cui'ut diamond, and a
mink coal. and a . . .l
LONG DISTANCE CALLS IN ORDER

The Aiiioi'iciui 'l‘clcphonc und 'l‘olcgrupli Company
has announced that l('ll£])lll)lil.‘ service from Cler—
muny lo the United States may be ready in lime for
(il’s to send home Christmas greetings. “Merry Christ-
mus, honey.” from Germany will cost liiln $12 for
three minutes, (so if your phone rings on Christ.—
inus Eve, don’t forgclrrdon't talk ovci'iiuic . , . l
NEGRO 'I‘ltOOl'S llAItltED ii‘ItOM SHIPS

We hate to end this week's column with a sour note,
but have just read in the papers that 128 Negro troops
have been barred from sailing home on ships from
Le Huvrc along with white soldiers aboard the naval
aircraft carrier (irotau because there was “no means
of segregating the men." We have read a lot about
the equality of man land that other countries should
follow democracy as practiced in the U. S.) and how
all our men have fought together and died together.
By now a lot of people should have awakened to the
fact that We can also live together. It's about time
democracy in words became democracy in action.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 7. 1.45

int. j I  1

 

"Snow Queen”. To Make Debut Math Teachers
Al Annual Slates-Men's Formal Form Association

"Twas a week before Christmas
and all through the school not a
co-ed was stirring—for they had all
gone to the States-Men’s Semi-
Formal.

These same co-eds will appear
next Saturday night arrayed in their
best finery, for a Snow Queen will
be chosen as the most beautiful
maiden present. Midst holly boughs
and gayly illuminated Christmas
trees, laughing couples will whirl
to the live jive of Armand Ricco’s
Orchestra, giving out with those
“make you wanna dance” rhythms.
Sultry strains and melodic melodies
waft through the Christmas air, and
through all the gaiety four mem-
bers of the faculty and their wives
will be quietly observing the bloom-
ing beauties, for the fairest of the
dancing damsels will be chosen. The
Aurania Club on South Allan Street
is to be the scene of this parade of
potential Snow Queens.

The faculty members chosen to
select the Snow Queen are Dr. and
Mrs. Oscar E. Lanford, Dr. and Mrs.
James A. Hicks. Dr. and Mrs. Floyd
Henrickson, and Dr. and Mrs. Theo-
dore Standing. Will she be a glamor
girl or a sweet, unaffected beauty?
"I‘will truly be a time for decision.
The choice of faculty members pres-
ents the best guarantee of an un-
biased opinion.

Although this is the first year 21
Snow Queen has ever been chosen.
speculation is running high over the
identity of the reigning winter beau-
ty. The States-Men hope that the
coronation of a Queen this year will
establish a precedent which may be
hallowed among other State tradi-
tions in the years to come.

Promptly at one o‘clock. Phil Lash-
insky, President of the States-Men
and Gallant “ex officio," will place a
shimmering snowball tiara on the
locks of the chosen one. Five other

 

 

Forum To Discuss

Labor Problems

Selma. Ki'eisberg‘, ’46, Speaker of
Forum, has announced that the
group will meet in the Lounge Wed-
nesday at 3:30 PM. The subject
under discussion will be the prob-
lems of labor in the United States.

The principal speaker for the
meeting will be an authority on this
subject, according to  Krcisbei'g.
His name will be disclosed at a later
date.

Forum is also planning an as-
sembly program for early next sc-
mcstcr. At this time they will bring
a speaker on Soviet-American rela—
tions before the Sludan Body.

Miss Krcisbci'g announced that
Frances Weiss. ‘48. has been ap-
pointed to llll‘ Billll'llll Board coni-
milieu of Forum. and also that copies
of "Soap Box" will be available to
the Student. Body this morning ill
Assembly. This issue will include
ports of a letter from a soldier who
worked ()ll Illi‘ cxpci'iinciils on the
atomic bomb.

Sororities Pledge 112

in Services Tuesday

(Ullllllllltf’ll from [mg/r 1, (.‘ol. ll

(iitllllllil Kill)|)ll l'lii:

Dorothy Egon, Al‘ll'lll‘ Golden.
Almc Kozlowski. Alllli‘ Kozlowskl.
lioi'is Niclsl-ii, Mary Juno l’ul'is.
l’ul.i"clu liliill'kl‘. Evclyli Sclioi-ii.
Mui‘gurcl, Sounuui, Miltll‘lllll' Sunk.
Jt'llll Vlllill'llln’ltilf. and Carolyn
Wood, Class of ‘Alll.

Kappa Delta:

Suzuiuic Anderson, li‘lori-ncc CliVi'.
Mary .1. Cooper. Mui'gui'cl l“l‘lllll(.‘i.
.lo Aiiii Josliu, lll‘l-illl' IIci'Vi-y, Doro—
thy Midgvli-y. llildu Rivciibui'gli.
Shirley Scimilzlc. Mul‘iuiuic Sluud-
liig. ulid Wilma Whitney. Class of
“ill.

Ulllihlulll'l‘ Fol‘lr, Anna Jones.
Mary Jane VunVost, iiiid Marjorie
Williams, transfers.

Phi Delta:

.liuuiltu Evans. Nancy Fulkcu-
bury Jacqueline Farrell, Mul'ic Fer-
uuiidos, Margaret Hocl'ncr, Barbara
llouck. quii lncsou, Eleanor Eliza-
bctli Lol‘tliouse, Elsa Mobcrg, Au-

drey Shrigcrwuld. Dolores Slacker, _

 

maidens will vie for coveted posi-
tions in the Queen's Court.

In keeping with the prevailing
spirit and the importance of the
first State formal of the year, Dean
Stokes has granted three o’clock
hours to all the Christmasing cele-
brants. The return of late permis-
sions for formal dances hails a fu-
ture bright with prospects for bigger
and better social events on campus.

Dick Smith, an old hand at perk-
ing up the ballroom, guarantees an
abundance of Christmas atmosphere
to add to the festivity of the eve-
nlng.

The price of admission is only $2.40
so all the gals can afford to snag a
stag and attend the gala affair. It
promises to be big, it promises to be
gay, it promises to be fun.

Dramatic Society
Opens Contest
For Playwrights

Are your creative efforts going
unrecognized? If this is the case,
your problem may soon be solved,
for the Dramatists Alliance of Stan-
ford University is offering four
awards in dramatic writing to any—
one who has a literary contribution
to offer.

The primary award of $100 goes
to the author of a full length or
one-act drama in verse form which
is deemed best by the judges of the
Dramatists Alliance. The Miles Mc—
Kinnon Anderson prize is also $100
and will be awarded for the best full
length prose drama showing the
sturdy constructive qualities of daily
life in the North American scene.
Radio plays, either in prose or verse,
may be entered for competition for
the Stephen Vincent Bennet Award
of $50. The final award, the Henry
David Gray award of $50 is offered
for dramatic criticism in lucid, vig-
orous style.

Even though a contributor is not
a prize winner. it may well be worth
while to enter into competition. Plays
considered outstanding, but not
prize-winning material, are recom-
mended to producing and publishing
units of established worth. Brief
critiques of the work of contributors
also are written by the Dramatists
Alliance and introductions to incin-
bers of the Alliance. already placed
in the theater and cinema. are given
to promising dramatists. Every item
sent in is on the lists of the Alliance
bulletin, published annually and
soul to libraries. producing troupes
and individuals throughout the Unit-
cd States.

Many coiilributors have achieved
success in writing drama through
the medium of the Dramatists Al—
liance. "Dark of lll'.‘ Moon." 1942
winner of an award, for instance,
recently passed its 200th perform-
ance on Broadway. Many dramas are
passed llllO the hands of the Theater
Guild also.

Persons with lilcl'ui'y talent are
encouraged to cuter into compell-
ll()ll if only to profit by vuliuiblc
professional criticism. The contest
ciids lll Mui'cli, l040. All those inter-
ested Ill‘l‘Ci only to mail their con-
Iribuliou lo Druiiuilisls Alliuncv.
liox 200%, Stanford University, Culi—
l()l'lllii.

 

liorolliy vaoincr, Joan Wiii'zlci'. nlid
Mill'ulll'i‘l Youiigrcii. Class of '40.

Marion Mll'l'llﬁ. '40.
i'si (lamina:

.quii Anderson, Mary Silo Dun-
ning, Collclu Fitzmoi'i'ls, livi'doiia
ii‘lllll'i', Joan (iiizollu, Rita Haflln.
Audrey Jci'uc. Dolores Kloslci', Jo-
lllllll‘ McComild. Ruinioudu Pilulo,
Shirley Sulmoii. Ellen Sui'gciil,
.li-iuuictlc Skuvinu. quii 'l‘olmuli,
and Molly Wholly, Class of '49.

Dr. Daniel W. Snader
To Advise New Group

A Capital District Mathematics
Association which will give profes-
sional assistance to Mathematics
teachers was organized at a con-
ference held here recently for teach-
ers of mathematics. Dr. John M.
Sayles, President of State College,
was guest speaker.

Prior to this time, several other
conferences have been organized by
Daniel W. Snader, Assistant Pro-
fessor and Supervisor of Mathema-
tics at State College, to discuss com-
mon professional problems which
have been called to his attention
by teachers of Mathematics in this
area. These earlier" meetings cul-
minated in the organization of the
Capital District Teachers Associa-
tion.

Dr. Sayles spoke of the aid given
to the war effort by teachers of
mathematics and the need of a
mathematics teachers association.

The objectives of the mathematics
organization. according to its con-
stitution, are as follows: to make
available to mathematics teachers
of this area new developments in
curriculum, teaching techniques, and
related topics; to promote close co-
operation among teachers of secon-
dary and college mathematics in
the development of a vital and com-
prehensive program of high school
mathematics; to provide information
to the public on mathematics and
mathematical education; to vitalize
and improve instruction of secondary
mathematics: to aid in the advance
of mathematical education; and to
afford to all persons interested op-
portunities to present and discuss
problems.

College advisors of the Mathema-
tics Association are Dr. Edwin E. Al-
len, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti-
tute, Mr. F. Eugene Seymour, New
York State State Supervisor of Ma-
thematics, and Dr. Snader, who is
a member of the State Commission
for revising Mathematics Curricu-
lum as well as being assistant pro-
fessor and Supervisor of Mathema-
tics here.

Representatives of the mathema-
tics departments of approximately
30 schools attended the conference.
Of there, the following officers were
elected: Stephen Webber, Albany
Academy, President; Mrs. Edna L.
Reynolds, Nott Terrace High School
Schenectady, and Lillian Ross, Co-
hoes High school, Vice—presidents:
Mr. Edward Shirley, Mont Pleasant
High School, Schenectady. Secre-
tary; and Miss Mildred Nielsen,
Miliic High School, Treasurer.

Religious Clubs, lGC

Form New Committee
(Conliniu'rl. from [my/(- 1, Col. 1,)
oi'gziiiimtions will speak at the joint
iiuwliligs lll‘lfl each Thursday at
3:30 P. M. in Room 20, and at
monthly iiiccliugs which are being
planned.

(ii-i'liurdt Weinberg. ‘47. Chairman
.:l‘ the seminar, will conduct a
mccting Thursday at 3:30 P. M. in
Draper. Ronni 200. Alice Williams,
‘40. and Calvin Zippin, ‘47, will give
u l’l‘pol‘t on the tolerance question-
naire given to the three sociology
classes of Dr. 'I‘licodorc Standing.
Professor of Ecolioiiiics illltl Sociol-
ogy.

lii'. Jones outlined the four main
topics of his speech to the Buffalo
Slate students as follows: one, the
problem confronting the teacher in
understanding racial lciisioiis; two.
the problem confronting the nu-
lioli; llll'l'(‘, what the individual
teacher can do to clarify and cor-
l'ccl his own thinking; and four.
what the Lcuclicrs’ colleges and the
profession us a WllOll‘ can do. At
u lwo—llour session in the aft—
l'l'lllillll. Dr, .loiius spoke inform-
ally with the iiiciiibors of Stu-
dcul. Council and other student

 

 

GRACE ADELAIDE RIDDLE
STUDIO OI“ SPEECH
(formerly in New York City)
VOlUE IMPROVEMENT -— DItAMA'l‘ICS

()OIlltliC'l‘lON OF
50 So. Swan St. For

SPEECH DEFECTS
appointment—~Tclcplionc 543745

 

Students Of Herr Decker
Get To Know Their Apples

“0 for the good old days!"
sighed Herr Decker in his Ger-
man I class one bright Wednes-
day afternoon. “No longer do stu-
dents use the psychological ap-
proach—‘an apple for the teach-

And with a sigh of despair at
the hopelessness of the rising
generation, Professor Decker
turned back to his teaching and
the faulty German utterances of
his students. ’

But on Friday when the bell
summoned that same class to or—
der, the students began to form
a line. One by one, each of the
forty-odd students made his way
to the desk and there deposited
a big shiny red apple.

Herr Decker merely gaped.
Not believing his own eyes he
called upon a fellow faculty
member who was passing by to
confirm his vision. “0,” smiled
Miss Dobbin, “I see you are giv-
ing a test today.”

And loudly denying the truth
of her statement, Herr Decker
again went back to his teach-
ing and the faulty German ut-
terances of his students.

Clubs To Hold
Christmas Parties

The Departmental Clubs have re-
leased plans for the Christmas par—
ties to be held next week. Math and
Chemistry Clubs will join for a party
on Friday at 7:30 PM. in the
Lounge, and Classical, Spanish and
French Clubs will hold their party
together in the Lounge on Monday
at 7:30 PM.

List Committees

The committees for the Math-
Chemistry Clubs affair are as fol-
lows: Refreshments, Joan Green and
Ann May, Sophomores; and Enter-
tainment, Dorothy Caughran, ’47,
and Margery Cramer, '46.

Students planning to attend are
requested to sign up on the Math
bulletin board outside the Math of-
fice in Draper.

Plan Entertainment

The entertainment at the party
for the Language Clubs will consist
of singing and games. Members
from each of the clubs will explain
the Christmas customs which are
observed in the countries they rep-
resent. After the program rci‘rcsli-
merits will be served.

Committees in charge are: Sing-
ing: Ruth Bentley and Jean Griffin.
Seniors; Refreshments, Barbara
Chalice, and Roberta Van Aukcn.
Seniors; Decorations, Florence Si-
mon and Virginia DeGi'cgoria, Soph-
omores; and Games: Constance Tit-
tcrington. ’46. Marian Lee Watkins,
and Jean Stapleton, Sophomores.

Only members who have paid their
dues are invited to attend.

 

 

leaders. explaining the activities of
Inter—Group Council ilCl‘C. A rcp-
l‘l,‘SCllL11ll\’C group recognized the
need for similar activity on the
Buffalo campus and has begun 01'-
gillllZillltill.

Dl‘. Jones was iliipi'csscd by the
cordinlity accorded llilll and grout-
ly (‘lijoycd talking to lll(.' students.
he said. He added. “It seems to me
that illl‘ ll('ll()ll being taken in Buf-
l'ulo indicates that we have been
right in our analysis of lil(‘ stat/e-
widc need for butler pi'cpurutimi
for understanding inter-racial uiid
inter—group relations in the touch-
crs‘ colleges. Boiler infer-group rc-
lutious arc the problem of cducu-
lion and we are the educators. Our
job is not to be avoided."

SCA, Hillel A
Will Witness
Jewish Service

Frosli Club To Conduct
Debate Tuesday Night-

The church visitation program of
Student Christian Association and
Hillel will continue with a service
at the temple of Oham Shalom to-
night at 8:30 P. M. Newman Club
is not taking part in this visitation
program. Fresh Club of SCA and
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
have also announced plans for the
coming week.

Hillel

Joseph Palevsky, ’46, President of
Hillel, has announced that the next
of the series of Inter-Church visita-
tions will be held at the Congrega-
tion of Ohav Sholom at 441 Wash-
ington Avenue this evening at 8:30
PM. Palevsky also stated that the
pictures taken at the Hillel picnic
were ready and would be available
at the next meeting.

Newman Club

Betty J. McGrath, ’46, President
of Newman Club, has announced
that Irene McCormick, ’47, has been
appointed Chairman of Publicity
for Newman Club for the year.

SCA Plans

Harriet Brinkman, ’46. President
of S.C.A., has announced that at
the next meeting of Frosh Club on
December 11 a debate will be held on
the subject, "Resolved: Children
Should be told there is a Santa
Claus.” There will also be an im-
portant S.C.A. cabinet meeting De-
cember 12 at 7:30 PM. This meet-
ing will be open to all members of
SCA. and includes a discussion of
the present Constitution and pos-
sible revisions.

The next SCA. chapel service
will take place December 12 at noon
in the Unitarian Chapel. Miss Mary
Louise Jewett, Instructor in English,
will present a reading entitled “The
Fourth Wiseman.”

Intcr~Varsity Banquet

The annual Christmas banquet of
the six Inter-Varsity Chapters will
be held Saturday, December 15, at
“:30 PM. in Boyer’s Restaurant
on State Street. The speaker for
the event will be Sam Moffat, direc-
tor of Young People's work of the
Board of Foreign Missions of the
Presbyterian Church. Sally Holmes,
‘47. President of Inter-Varsity Fel-
lOWShip, urged that all those who
wish to attend the banquet make
reservations with her as soon as
possible.

‘7

Wakin Wins Election

lCou/iuured from page 1, 001. 2)

election is the discrepancy in the
results of the two sets of votes. The
first sci. of ballots placed Jennings
and Slurzenbcrgcr as close rivals for
the office. Neither however receiv-
ed a quota. The second set of bal-
lots rcsullcd in Jennings being clim—
inalcd on the third distribution,
\vliilc Slurzciibm'gcr and Wakin
computed for election. This time
Wakiu was successful by a fairly
good-size margin.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

210 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEUNEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

for the

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

The most of the licst

DIAL 5—1913

GAEETEIIIA

Least

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
  
    
   
  
  
    
    
     
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
   
    
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
    
   
    
 
  
   
     
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

