t
t

 

1..., '.

 

 



 

 

-. ||7 ’ ~ ~ i . .
U.'Sz-'-i'Will ConSIder Force
WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Secretary of State Alex-
ander M. Haig. Jr.. said Thursday the United States is
eyeing a wide range of options. including military force,
for going “to the source" to stop Cuban-routed arms to
guerrillas in El Salvador. Haig. in testimony to the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said also that the
U.S. has learned that “sophisticated arms" from
Eastern Europe. including advanced air defense
weapons and possibly tanks. have been introduced into
Nicaragua. The former NATO commander stressed that
no military action is in the works to interdict the flow of
arms in Central America. But. “it is the responsibility of
the executive branch to consider a whole range of op-
tions.” including political and economic moves. he said.
“And I can assure you that process is under way."
Military action against Cuba. he said. “should not be

. . excluded from any consideration." Haig disclosed
that the administrationjs studying "intensely" whether
to cut off U.S. aid to Nicaragua because of daily reports
of arms shipments front Eastern Europe. That aid was
suspended after reports that large-scale arms shipments

were being introduced into El Salvador through-

Nicaraguan territory. Haig said the US. has observed
"some moderation" in the flow of arms into El
Salvador and has received “some private assurances"
from Nicaragua that “they won’t permit that country to
be used as a base for that subversive activity in El
Salvador." However. he also disclosed that US. in-
telligence agencies report that some Nicaraguan officials
apparently are attempting “to Find an alternative route”
for the arms shipments.

Senate Tl'ims Budget More

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Senate Bridget Com-
mittee. doing President Reagan's bidding with unusual
dispatch. applied the final touches Thursday to $36.4
billion in spending cuts. Majority Leader Howard
Baker. Jr.. vowed floor action on the blueprint next
week. Chairman Peter Domenici. R-N.M.. won a final
committee vote-of 20—0 on the overall package. which
falls heavily on social programs and actually trims $2.3
billion more than the president asked in. the areas under
the panel's purview. In all. Reagan wants $48.6 billion
slashed from the Fiscal 1982 budget he inherited from
Jimmy Carter. Congressional aides said the remaining
savings could be found in other legislation or in ad-
ministrative actions that don't require statutory ap-
proval. Domenici later hailed the vote as proof that even
Democratic liberals on the panel “are feeling the
pressure from constituents" to limit federal spending.

He called the committee’s action the first step in “the ‘

most historic exercise in restraint that has even been at-
tempted by the Congrcss." but conceded the package of
reductions faces a hazardous course in the House.

Harris to Receive Sentence

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP) Jean Harris spent a calm
last day in the Westchester County jail on Thursday,
winding up ltcr tutoring of inmates before today‘s
sentencing for the mttrder of Scarsdalc Diet doctor Her-
man Tarnower. There were no repeats of the explosive
outburst which on Wednesday officials attributed to the
57»year-old former school headmistress‘ nerves over the
minimum lS—ycars-to-lifc prison term she faces. “She’s
behaving herself today. She‘s been very calm.“ said
Albert Gray, Jr.. county correction cotnmissioner. But
(tray said Mrs. Harris was “highly anxious" about thc
pending court appearance. Her lawyer. Joel Aurnou.
angry at reporters who wrotc‘ about Mrs. Harris'
obsecnitics and “unladylikc language" upon being
handcuffed Wednesday for transportation to a medical
examination. hung up on a reporter who called to ask if
he was ready for the sentencing. “Well. if we Were. some
of the people who work for the news media really scrcw-
ed it up.” the attorney snapped. Mrs. Harris. whom jail
officials have placed on a 24-hour “suicide watch." will
be at least 72 years old when she is eligible for parole for
Tarnower's murder.

Carey to Combat Crime

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) Goy. Hugh Carey established
a Blue Ribbon commission to combat crime Thursday
and at the same time again proposed a constitutional
amendment to merge the state's seven kinds of trial
courts into a single system. Under the merger plan. the
governor would appoint all justices of the Supreme
(‘ouri with the advice and consent of the state Senate. a
move which would appear to be resisted by local politi-
cians who have their eyes on patronage lists. To be
enacted, the amendment would have to be approved by
two consecutive sessions of the Legislature and then be
submitted to the Voters in a referendum. Carey told a

 

 

 

«/ . \

news conferencenhe. restructuring of the system with
“merit selection of all judges"_.would give the courts
flexibility and efﬁciency to deal with a backlog of cases
and providé speedier trials. He also signed an eitecutive
order establishing an Advisory Commission on the Ad-
ministration of Justice. headed by New York City trial
lawyer Arthur Liman. a former assistant U.S. attorney
and chief counsel of the commission which investigated
the 197] Attica prison riots. Carey ordered his panel to
identify state objectives in improving the effectiveness
of the criminal justice system In preventing crime and
dealing with criminals.

Unfair Practices Reported '

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) A record number ofunfair
labor practice and employment representation election
cases were filed by individttals. unions and employers
during the first quarter of I980. the National Labor
Relations Board said Thursday. The NLRB is an in-
dependent federal agency administering the nation's
primary labor laws. It does not initiate cases; it processes
those filed with it. The agency said that in the first three
months of last ‘year. H.234 charges alleging that
employers. unions. or both committed unfair labor
practices in violation of the National Labor Relations
Act — a 7.8 percent increase over the same period the
year before.

Federal Probe Allowed

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) A federal judge Thursday I

refused to bar a Federal Election Commission inquiry
into funds spent by the publisher of Reader‘s Digest to
provide videotapes of a study of Sen. Edward Kennedy's
accident at Chappaquiddick. The decision by US.
District Court Judge Pierre N. Leval was a setback for
Reader's Dﬂgcst Association which claimed such a probe
violates its First Amendment rights. Reader's Digest
Association had the study made for an article published
in February. I980. Prior to publication. it sent out press
copies to the media and six videotapes outlining the
technical study to television networks and SlnllOllS.Thc*

 

 

campus Bniefs

 

Study Chinese Intensiver

An intensive six-week Summer Institute of Chinese
Language and Culture will be offered June l to July 10
by SUNYA's College of Continuing Studies.

The itistittttc is designed to provide an in-dcptli orien-
tation for scholars with or without prior knowledge of
Chinese and for graduate students who plan to teach or
do research in the People‘s Republic of China. There
will be intensive classroom work in language. as well its
various facets of Chinese culture. including poetry,
literature. calligraphy. philosophy, theater. and opera.
Weekly cttltttrc and social sessions also are planned to
provide range and diversity to the program.

Enrollment will be limited to 15 persons and the
deadline for application is May 15. Tuition is $500. with
dormitory accomodations available at $60/wcck for a
singlc room and $45/wcck for a double. A three-day

stilutc.

For information and application forms. write Andrew
Lo or Yu-shih Cltcri. Summer Institttic of Chinese
Language and Culture. Humanities 274. Stntc Universi-
ty of New York at Albany. Albany. New York l2222. or
call 518-457-8419. '

Fellows Are Available

Students sccking chishttivc Fellow and Session assis-
tnnt positions in the state legislature rnttst file applica-
tions by May 22. Will.

Up to ten Fellows arc nvtiilnblc to graduate students
only. The posilon runs from September l9lll through
.August l982 antl offers it salary of $15,800. Fellows
work as regular legislativc stuff members in tire offices
which they are assigncd.

'I'lic undergraduate Session Assistant positions rriti
from January through May 1982 anti offer a $1.200 sti-
pcntl. Up to 60 positons are available for students who
will train in legislative offices.

Stutlciits intercstctl in the Session Assistant program
should contact Robert Gibson in CUE. Potential
Fellows sliottld contact Joseph F. Zimmerman at the
Graduate School of Public Affairs. All tnajors are
welcome to apply.

The Search Is On

lf prospective lovers ddn't exactly fall at your feet and
profess profound love for you. if you don’t need it

 

u-httul to carry your Valentine's D.ay mail. if people
never seem to compare you to Rudy Valentino or

orientation. May 29-31. will prccctlc the start of the iii-

 

t a
' r .

FEC started Its p‘robeafter receiving a citizen’s com-
plaint from‘LaFyann Willis of Vale. Ore., last August.
The woman clalmcd Reader's Digest made an Illegal cor-
porate campaign contributlon, by spending funds to
dlssemtnate videotapes of materlal unfavorable to Ken.
ncdy. Kennedy was then seeking the Democratic
presidential nomination. .

Nuclear Plant to Reopen

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state Public Service Commis.
sion formally declined Thursday to stop Consolidated
Edison from raising its rates to cover costs of the shut-
down of the Indian Point 2 nuclear pawcr plant. The
PSC! made the decision in a 4-l vote on Feb. ti. h...
released a formal order on the matter on Thursday. The
commission did not rule on the question of refunds to
customers for fuel charges already collected by the utiti.
ly during the 59-day period Of the unscheduled otttttgv
Oct. l7-Dcc. 14, when Con Ed hiked its rates I0 percent
a month to cover the cost of the more cxpcttsivc trltct-
nate power. The PSC also must rule on thc question of
refunds for extra charges it is collecting during the cur-
rent. scheduled refueling and maintctiancc shutdown
that began Dec. IS.

More Strikes Threatened

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Private farmers mounting! .1
new, campaign for trade union registration issttctl .t
tough list of demands Thursday as the threat of new
strikes spread to a region of northwestern Poland on HIV
Soviet border. West German Foreign Minister llitll‘.
Dietrich Gcnscher. meanwhile. met his Polish courith-
part. Joch Czyrck. for two days of talks L'xpcclctl in
focus on East-West relations and Poland‘s niotttllittg
multi-billion-dollar foreign debt. Communist l’tltl\
leader Stanislaw Kaniit made it surprise visit to Hunurm.
apparently to discuss economic and labor troubles slctti-
tiring from last summer's widespread labor unrcst \\lll\lt
led to formation of the independent union Solidarity
Tltc Polish news agency PAP suid joint Warsaw Pact c\-
crciscs were in their second day in Poland and borderlin-
Soviet bloc countries. It gave no details of the exercises.

Marilyn Monroe. you're in luck. You may just be cliyi
ble to compete in Strange tle Jim‘s search for thr-
World‘s Second Grcolcsl Lover.

The grand prize includes a featured role in the upcom-
ing motion picture “Romeo and Juliet II." Persons of
all ages. r' ‘ s. genders. crecds’ and social as well its
political affiliations are invited to enter.

Confesses chiin. “Because of my Strange name and
my peculiar reputation. most people will probably think
the contest is some sort ofjokc. Believe me. it‘s not. In
my position there's nothing l'm more serious about than
tracking down number two."

A copy of the contest rules may be obtained by scti~
ding n sclf~addrcsscd stamped envelope to Contest Rttlc»
c/o Strange dc Jim. PO. Box l4547. San Francisco. ('A
Mi l4.

More Reasons To Drink

Telethon ‘BI is coming around sooner than you think.
bttt there‘s still a lot you can do before the 24-hour ctcnt
April 3 and 4:

Sunday night PYX 106 and the Hulla-Baloo Music
Club nrc holding a benefit for Telethon fctuuring tlic
music of Alccstar.‘ Prizes will be given away all night.
and you can btty three shots for $1.00. The doors opcn
til 8 p.ni. and admission is 82. For information cull
4364640. .

This Monday Telethon '81 T-sliirts will go on sale ill
the Campus Center lobby. This ycttr‘s theme is “Taking
Time to Cure." -

Also on snlc all week in the Campus Center are tickets
to the annual Afternoon at the Bars sponsored l\.\'
Telethon and the classes of ‘8]. ‘82. ‘83 and ‘84. For SJ
you can drink all the beer you can hold between 3 p.m.
lllltl 6 pzm. oti Thursday. March 26 at the follonittF
liars: LampPost. Washington Tavern. Frtuik‘s l i\
ingroom. Longbranch and 0‘ I’lcttny's.

Dance for Easter Seals

Drtiicc Mtitlncss ‘8!. Sneaky I’eic‘s third tuniuttl
Dnncc-a-thon for Easter Seals. will be ltcld Sundn)‘.
April 5. at Sricttky Pctc's discotlicquc iti Latlinm.

The event will be ctitcced by the recording artists,
Blotto. untl tlic WTRY l)..l.'s. There will be tltincc colt
tests. dance fashions and dance exhibitions. Fttlitls ritis-
cd by duitccrs will go to support the Capital Disitrict
[itistci' Scttl Society.

Prizes will be awarded to participants raising the most
money for Easter Scttls. Grand Prize is a dance weekend
ill New York City. Including air transportation on Corti—
niund Airways turd lotlglng lll tltc Loew's Surntiiit. First
prize for the highest fund raiser under I8 is an Atttri
video gitttic; first prize for the lit group is it King silt:

“ watcrbctl.
Sponsor forms with dctulls ol‘ the event are available

 

I“ S'Wllky l’cte‘ti or call Jenny tleiicer. Dance Madness

coordinator

 

at the Butler Scul Soclct'

     
 

  
 

. 434-4l03.

is that the classes would receive the
entire I4 percent interest. and then
they would pay SA for the expcnscs
they incur in maintaining the classes'
funds. be said.

 

 

  
    

March 20, 1981

SA Promiseé‘to Give Cla’sseslnterest-s

by Beth Setter

Central Council passed a bill
March 4 ruling that the classes will
receive six percent interest on
monies held in the SA agency ac-
count dating back to March l.

The decision followed a con-
troversy between SA and the classes
as to whether classes are entitled to
the interest class money earns in the
agency account which. according to
Senior Class President Gary Schat-
sky. equals 14 percent.

Schutsky. however. is not
satisfied with tltc bill’s passage.
"They’re trying to appease us with
the six percent offer." he said.

The “rock bottom" settlement
Scliatsky is willing to consider. he

said, is an eight percent interest rate

retrottctive to Jttnc I. 1980. as SA
president.
The preferred solution. though.

SA provides basic services to the
classes such as computer time. no
counting. elections. free cheeks and
check cashing. toll lines and tie
lines. According to Gold. the in-
terest rate on the monies SA main-
tains for the classes is entered into
the general fund and is also used to
cover the expenses providing the
classes with those services.

Gold commented that the six per-
cent offercd the classes "gives
them a nice si7c of their interest."
and “still allows SA to get compen-
sation" for handling the clnsscs'
funds.

Scliatsky insisted. though. that
SA is receiving too large a profit.
which he cstirnatctl as amounting to
$3.000 frotti the 14 pcrccrtt intct'cst
rate.  »

If at satisfactory soltttiou is not '

rcncltcd. said Schatsky. he will cori-

' sidct' bringing SA beforc tltc SA

Suprcme (‘0an to force SA to
rclcttsc his clttss‘ funds. Scliutsky
would tlicti plttcc clnss funds itt
SUNYA‘s Stutleitts' l-‘ctlcrtil (‘rctlit

V

Albany Student Press‘

Union.

Each class. Schatsky said. would
decide individually whether it wants
to sue SA for their class funds.

Last October 20. Schatsky said he
submitted a'voucher to SA Con-
troller Ira Somacli to withdraw the
senior class‘ $19,000 from the ac-
count agency. The voucher was
itevcr processed.

If the classes’ funds are placed in
the Credit Union. Sclirttsky said. air
SA official would still be responsi-
ble for signing vouchers to
withdraw money. Since class dues
are collected through it university
billing process. the appropriation of
funds must be ovci'sccn. This task
was dclcgtttctl to SA since it involv»
ctl studctit monies.

HOWL‘VL‘I‘. Gold said that if clttss
money was transferred to the (‘t'ctlit
Union. she saw no reason why SA
should assume the bnt'dcu of
overseeing its appropriation.

However. according to Student
Activities Director James P.

An’ti-Nukers to Rally on March 28

by Bruce Levy

Labor. environmental and com-

munity groups front all over the

country are joining forces to march
on Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in op-
position to plans to reopen the
Three Mile Island nuclear plant.
The United Mine Workers. Inter-
national Association of Machinists.
United Auto Workers. the Interna-
tional Chemical Workers. and the
National Union of Hospital and
Health Care Employees are among

the sponsors of the march from Ci-

   

.. . . . Sign up u c - -l n marchers.

ty Island to the Pennsylvania State

Capitol on March 28.

Among the fears of the
organizers is a reported plan by
Metropolitan Edison. the owners of
Three Mile Island. to dump 700.000
gallons of radioactive water irtto the
Susquehanna River.

According to the Sttidcttt
Association of the State University
(SASU) Representative Sarah
Silverstone. “The radioactive water
from the accident is sitting in the
core of the reactor . . . they

()rgu/iizclivft’ur [/10 Three Mile IA'ItlIIr/ p/uItI tvill reopen.

  
     
     
     
       
       
 

11:00- Rally at

 

1150— March to Capitol
1:00— STATEWIDE RALLY

AT CAPITOL
Buses for non-marchers will

- leave theCircle at 12:30

..A. .-. g... . . a . .9. 0.. a 9.“- p p ‘ {gay-.3 by '

DEMONST.

Against The Turtion
STATEWIDE RALLY Tuesday, March 24
Rally Schedule '

Campus Center

 

‘ liy'JtiIieitne Hustle

(Metropolitan Edison) ‘ plan to
purify it and dump it in the river."
However. Silverstonc continued.
“They can't get rid oftlic radiation;
purifying it will only get rid of some

of the chemicals in the waste."
Silvcrstone believes Metropolitan
Edison views dumping the water in
the river as “the cheapest way to get
rid of it.“ despite the environmen-
continued on page ﬁve

Matthew Chachere. coordinator
of the Shorchnm Defense Commit-
tee. appeared at SUNYA March 4
to condemn the Long Island
Lighting Company‘s (LILCO) at.
tempts to gain a permanent injunc-
tion against all demonstrations at
Shoreham. a nuclear plant under
construction on Long Island.
LILCO is also trying to collect up to
$2 million iii damages from
organizers and participants of a
civil disobedience action which took
place on September 28. l980. The
damagcs have not been specified.

“This is just one more area where
our rights will be restricted in the
future." Chachere remarked.

   
  

Too much is enough!
Not one penny more
in SUNY Tuition!

Albany Student Union

.1. x ,

Doellefeld. even if class funds are
deposited in the Credit Union. SA is
still responsible for overseeing ap-
propriations under a “closed-loop"
procedure. Of course, Doellefeld
added. SA would be compensated
by the classes for its services.

Doellefcld commented that
“classes should receive some in-
terest for the money that they have
depositetl...Tltc precise amount of
tltc intcrcst...is an arrangement to
be tirade between the student
association .and the individual
classes."

The classes still have the right.
though. to withdraw their funds

Multttri of lll‘) Western Avcnttc as
()(‘A Director Mark Dnnlca.

students as to which landlords tlicy
niisctl to look intti the situation.

second plttcc iii the election.

Students Picked and d
the Worst Choice Won

Who is the worst landlord in Albany? The results of a contest spon-
sored by SUNYA's Off Campus Association (OCA) named Angelina

Lust tnontli OCA opened tip bttlloting to find out who the off-
cntnpus students would pick. The selection criteria included hiin rentsI
luck of licrit. frequency of repairs (or the luck of them). violations of
privacy. sanitation. anti infestation.

Mttltttri commented that she didn'

00ch nor I'lugli l.. (‘nt'cy. written iti as the landlord of SUNY. won

()iltcr “worst landlords“ iticlridc Donna Villtini (l2 Oriel I.nnc.

ggge Three ,

on  (is

from SA's account agency if they
choose. Doellefeldsaid“ 

Class of ‘82 President Jeff Shore
'agreed with Schatsky‘that'six per-
cent interest “just doesn't seem
equitable." He added. though. that
each class decides individually
whether it would sue SA to
withdraw its funds.

Representing next year‘s senior
class. Shore is still weighing the ad-
vantages of leaving class funds with
SA but stated that he sees “no
reason" why the classes of '83 and
‘84 should not transfer their funds

to the Credit Union.
I

thc runaway winner. according to

()(‘A will use the results to alert
should avoid. said Dunlea.
t know problems existed. but pro-

 

 

chssttlttct‘). Joseph and Diane thlsli (l(il Regent St.. Sarntoga Spr-
ings). Susan Press (143 Elm Avt-.. Delmar). Jack lionhttm. chry
Wct'tltcinict' (346 State St.) Konsltintly Ntiiclcr (Xll.Willctt Avc.), Bar-
bttt‘ti Stiliitii U603 Rockport Avc.. Ii. (irccnliush). Anna Fiato (6i
South Main St.) and Anthony Ricurtli (Royal Business Equipment.

t'vllll'tll Ave).

Chachere Condemns =LILCO-

 

-—Ron Levy

RATE

2 ‘ Chnclicre said that at court hear-
ings held a week before the planned
demonstration. LILCO questioned
him about his involvement with the
Sliorcham organization‘s meetings.
participants. and other activitcs. He
was asked to sttbmii petitions cir-
culated by fire group, mailing lists;
and further information concerning
the personal incomes of members.

“This violated our Constitutional
right for freedom of assembly."
said Cltaclierc.

He added that LlLCO's justifica-
tion for making these demands was
that the First Amendment applies to
government agencies and not to
corporations. Chacliere countered

Hike

 

_..‘,_t,..‘_-..-.u Ilia.‘ I! "

    

  
  

  

nhnin: “In (mm

Speiike Matthew Clincher
l‘ll' I/tffl'lldl anti-Itu/rt'v.
that government courts were being
used to enforce LlLCO's demands.

In early December LILCO re-
quested that six anti-nuclcar ac-
tivists. including Chachere, submit
to depositions. Chachcre claims
that LILCO acquired the names of
these people through “illegal
surveillance and infiltration" of
meetings.

According to Chachere. though
the defendants have subpoenaed
several of LILCO’s Directors to
submit to depositions. LILCO has
supplied only two of the lowest level
public relations ofﬁcials.

The case is viewed by both sides
as a “test—ease." The national
Emergency Civil Liberties Commit-
tee (ECLC) is representing the
defendants since the committee
believes. Chacherc said. that this
case may signal the start of a new
pro-nuclear offensive.

Chacherc says that "LILCO has
already won by involving many
people in costly litigations for a-
number of months."

LILCO stated. according to
Chachere. that they would drop the
damage suit if the anti-nuclear
organizers would accept the injunc-
tion against future demonstrations
at Shoreliam.

Chachere said that “LILCO is
trying to deny Long Island residents
their constitutional rights of free
speech. assembly. and dissent. They
are trying to harass us into silence."

c ,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

