r

it

-a-~.v-
.. ‘

'v‘i. . 

 

v

“anti? .‘ttt‘l

Would Cupsules

Cuomo Proposes Jail Aid

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo yesterday
proposed using some of the proposed $375 million
prison bond issue for upgrading the state‘s county jails.
Cuomo, who is acting governor while Gov. Hugh Carey
is on a working tour oflthe Far East. said he would make
the suggestion to Carey upon the governor's return. The
lieutenant governor said lte would soon be travelittg
around the state to promote that idea and that he would
be visiting several county jails during his travels. Cuomo
said he didn't know how much money from the propos-
ed bond issue should be used for improving local jails.
but did not rule out the possibility of increasing the size
of the bond issue. The bond issue proposal. advocated
by Carey. must’be approved by the state Legislature
before going to the voters in November. Cuomo noted
that earmarking some of the money for local jails could
help sell the bond issue. The lieutenant governor also
said he would ask John Egan. chief of the state's Office
of General Services. to inventory state property to deter-
tnine if there were any facilities that could be used by
counties on a temporary basis to help deal with over-
crowding in county jails. “Some of ottr cottnty jails are
in terrible shape." said Cttomo.

U.S. Bobsledder Dies

CORTlNA D'AMPEZZO. Italy (AP) A stttnned
American bobsled team was returning front Italy yester-
day with the body of a veteran competitor killed in a
world championship meet. .lim Morgan. a 32-year-old
car salesman from Saranac Lake. N.Y.. was killed Stru-
day when the No. l U.S. sled overttrrned at the last
banked curve of the Olympic track in the third heat of
‘ the four-man bobsled championship. The sled. hurtling
over the course at 66 miles art hour. bumped agairtst the
icy side walls on the final stretclt. Doctors reported that
Morgan. who was in the front position as the driver. suf-
fered fractures of the neck and jaw. Micltacl Hallr0ck.
an official of the US. bobslcd teant. said Morgan's neck
“ﬁrst hit the upper part of tire wall as soon as the sled
overturned. and then his helmet bumped repeatedly
against the wall and the leather lace slit his throat.“
Doctors at the Codivilla Hospital said tltal Morgan was
already dead when the sled stopped after skidding 60
yards through the finish line on its right side.

Spanish Protest Murder

BILBAO. Spain (AP) Brtscs'and commuter trains came
to a trait yesterday and schools. banks and many shops
in this northern Spanish Basque region sltttt down in a
general strike to protest the kidnapping murder of a
nuclear engineer by Basque separatist guerrillas. Labor
sources reported 90 percent of the workforce in the cities
of Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria took part in the
strike. which was backed by all rttain political partics
and trade unions. On Friday. guerrillas of ETA Basquc
Land atrd Liberty shot and killed Jose Maria Ryan. a
39-year-old father of five who was the cltief engineer at
the U.S.-supplied nuclear plant at Lcmoniz. 20 miles
east of Bilbao. The guerrillas were demanding closure of
the facility. Leaders of the Basque Nationalist. Socialist
and Communist parties issued a call for the general
strike on Sunday. The Basque separatist party Herri
Batasun. which supports the guerrillas. was the only
party in tire northern Spanish rcgiott to abstain from the
appeal. The labor sources said demonstrations were
planned later in the day in support of "peace and liberty
‘n the Basque country."

ABC Sued Over Rebuttal

OAKLAND. Calif. (AP) Kaiser Aluminum 8; Chemical
Corp. says it plans to bring suit against ABC. conten-
ding the television network rencgcd on its agreetttcrtt to
run 8 Kaiser rebuttal on its “20-20” program. ABC
News had agreed to allow Kaiser fortr minutes of
unedited response time after the company objected to a
story on the news program April 13. The story charged
Kaiser had intentionally marketed unsafe aluminum
residential wiring and withheld information on the pro-
duct's performance, A spokesman for the Oakland-
bascd company said Kaiser was informed Tuesday by a
senior executive of ABC News that the network had
changed its mind and would not broadcast a rebuttal on
“20-20.” instead, tltc network said it would consider
airing the rebuttal on its late-night “Nightline” pro-
gram. “We believe that 'Nightline.‘ not ‘20-20.’ is the
appropriate forum for a fttll airing of both the sttbjcct of
aluminum wiring safety and the broader issues of
‘rcsponsc rintc‘ and ‘av' ‘css‘," said Richard Wald.
senior vice president of BC News. llowevcr. Kaiser
sttitl that would not be acceptable. “What it comes

 

 

 

 

 

 

down to, is that we want to be heard in the same court
we were tried," a Kaiser spokesman said. Kaiser said it
would prepare a slander suit against ABC and would br-
‘ing action before the Federal Communications Commis:
sion. asking the commission to order the network’ to
provide appropriate response time. In addition. the
company said it would call on both the House Sub-
comlttee on Telecommunications, Consumer Protection
and Finance and the Senate Subcommittee on Com-
munications to explore the issue of "trial by television."
“We feel so deeply about this issue and are so concerned
about the unfairness of ‘trial by television’ that we are
determined to see this fight through." Kaiser chairman
Cornell C. Maier said.

__——,—-——-—-—-—-—'—.—
WM

JASKSON. Miss. (AP) Rep. Jon Hinson. R-Mlss.. ar-
rested last week in a Washington men’s room and charg-
ed wilh attempted oral sodomy intends to resign. art aide
said Monday. “His intention is to resign." ad-
ministrative aide Marshall Hanbury told the Jackson
Daily News from Washington. “We're in the process of
getting the paperwork done now." Hanbury. Hinson‘s
top aide. said the 38-year-old congressman had “no op-
tion other than resignation" after his arrest in a men's

' restroom ofa congressional office building last Wednes-
day. “l'll advise him on the timing and the proper way
to go about it. . . and the other things ittvolved with ter-
ntinating a career," Hanbury said. Hinsott originally
was charged with oral sodonty. a felony, but tlte charge
was reduced to a misdemeanor offense of attempted
sodomy. Authorities said Hinson had engaged in oral
sex with Harold Moore. 28. of Oxon Hill. Md. Hinson
pleaded innocent to the cltarge on Thursday.

 

CAMpus Bnicfs

 

 

Who’s the Worst?

l)o yotr ptty ltiglt rent for your overcrowded. rundown
:tpttlttttcttl'.’ Do you find it itttpossiblc to get anything in
yottr house repaired? Do yottr complaints full on un-
lrstcuinri C:Il\'i

Does your landlord prefer to liu: in it neighborhood

lttr away front yours?

Off Campus Association (OCA) Director Mark-
t)trnlca urges you to cast your vote now for tltc Ten
Worst Landlords Contest.

Simply wrllc the name. address. and phone number.
along with your address. on it piccc of paper anti submit

it to the ()(‘A office in Campus Center llli.

Dunlctt promises winning landlords will rcccitc a
suitable memorial.

As it stands so fat. Dunlca said. "SUNY's in tltc
number two spttl. witlt tltc ltlllrllwtly champion dcfinitc—
ly bcittg Mrs. Multari of lll‘) Western Avenue."

So cast your title today. for yottr l‘ayoritc inefficient.
utttcspousitc. nntl inattctttitc landlord. ('ontcst ends
Monday. l-cbt'tntry lo.

El Salvador Discussed

l‘hc Atl lloc Committee on lil Subndor' is sponsoring
art clttct‘gctlcy meeting to plan ways to oppose U.S.
militttty and ccottotnic aid to tire .llltllll itt lil Sttltttdor.

A \lltlt.‘ show prot itlittg background on the situation itt
til Sahador will also bc shown. The meeting will be held
'l‘htrrstlrty. l~'cbruur,\' ll. itt |.(' r» at 7:30 pm.

Pick Up Your Forms

The dcrttllinc for tire receipt of the MRI-X2 SUNY at
Albany financial aid applications is April 24. l‘Jlll.
SUNY at Albany financial aid applications must be fully
completed and postmarked or returned no lttlcr than
April 24. Will. Students wlto think they will rcqttirc
financial assistance for thc nc\t academic year should
stop by tile Office of l‘itttutcirtl Aid. Administration
Building. Room til. and pick up an application packet
and College Scholarship Scrricc l-inrrncinl Aid liornt
(l-‘Alv'l.

As a scrticc to \ttttlcllts. Iltt‘ Office of financial Aid
will mail rut application packet to those who do not drop
by tltc Administration Building Office personally to pick
up their materials. there are two problems with the
mailing of pttckcls. first. sltttlcllls \\lll not rcccirc
everything they need. Students will still hint: to go to the
Office of Financial Aid (or any cttllcgc financial aitl of-
fice) to secure a College Scholarship Serricc l-‘inanciul
Aid littltt. 'l‘hc l"Al-‘ is required.

The second big problem is that a mailing will cost the
Unitcrsity rt lot of tttlllcccssttt')‘ money.

Students can sure tltcntschcs a lot of litttc and money
by coming met to the Office of Financial Aid. Al) [52.
Students should ask for their rtpplicaton packet and art

Lit/tr.

 

Atlanta Search Begins

 

ATLANTA. Ga. (AP) Police began searching for

another missing black child as volunteers combed sur-
burban neighborhoods in two separate searches for clues
to the slayings or disappearances of l7 black childrcrt.
Public Safety Commissioner Lee Brown said Sunday
that the police department’s missing persons urtit has
been searching for ll-year-old Patrick Baltazar since he
was reported missing Friday nigltt. Brown said
Baltazar's case had not been turned over to the special
35-member task force created to investigate the IS slay-
ings and two disappearanccs of black cltildrett since July
1979. Meanwhile, a black youth missing since Jun. 5 wan
reported Sunday to have been in the Tallahassee. l’la..
city jail over the weekend. Authorities itt Tallahassee
said the youth. Lce Manuel Gooch. was released Satur-
day and they did not know his whereabouts. Tallahassee
police said the l5-ycar-old gave thent a false name and
age when he was arrested last month on traffic Ciltlrgcs.
His stay in the Florida jail was discovered when in-
vestigators began checking on overdue traffic sttrtt~
menses that had arrived at the boy’s home in Atlanta. A
photograph of the youth was identified by Gooch's
father. authorities said. Gooch's disappearance. like
that of Baltazar. has been handled by tltc missing per.
sons unit rather titan the special task force. Police have
listed both boys as runaways. Policc llltltiL' tltc unusual
move in the Baltazar case. however. of releasing his pic-
turc to area television stations on Saturday night. Brown
said ltc hoped the broadcasts would prodtrcc some lnfor»
motion as to the child's whereabouts. Tltc voluntch
searchers. for the second weekend iii a row. worked
botlt Saturday attd Sunday but failed to turn up arty ob-
vious clues to the bafﬂing dcatlts and disappearanccs.

Albee Tickets Refunded

Tickets will bc refunded for tltc cancelled l‘dwnrrl
Albcc appearance that was scheduled for l'riduy at kztltt
p.m. itt the ('ttmpus ('cnlct Ballroom. The playwright.
famous for such plays as ll’lm‘s Afraid of l’ircinrn
“Wolf. The Zoo SIM/1v. and The American Drown.
cancelled titlt‘ to illness.

Refunds can be picked up in the Performing Arts
t't-ntct Bo\ ol'l'icc front 11:00 tt.nt. to 4:00 p.ut.

Se Habla Espaﬁol

()ualil'icd students may now apply for membership irt
Sigma Delta M. the Spanish honorary society. Applica-
tions forms are irr HU 233A. The deadline is February
27.

SA Sponsors Af-Fair

The SA Grottp Fair will he held next Tuesday and
Wednesday itt the Cantpus Center Ballroom according
to SA Program Board Director Matt Landau.

The Fair. which will be open both days front tt):t)r)
run. to 4:00 pm. will give students the opporttrnity to
speak with SA group representatives artd learn ltow their
SA fcc dollars are spent.

According to a brocltttrc sent to SA groups. tables will
be set up in the Ballroom \vltcrc letttlcrs of 120 SA
groups will display visual depictions of their organi/a-
tiorts and tltcir past accomplishments. l’rcsidcnt Vittccttl
()‘Lcary will also attend.

SA controller lra Sotnaclt said that irt addition to tile
displays tlterc will also be group presentations. including
a scene front a play. a comedian who is scheduled for
ttoon to 1:30 p.m. on Wednesday. a small dance routine
by the Dattcc Council. attd tr .tttdo Exhibition from
12:30 pm. to 1:00 p.nt. on Tuesday.

“Students deserve the opportunity to have this fair.“
says Matt Landau. “Students are lltc most untapped
rcsourcc on campus and probably tltc most \‘ultrrtblv.
too. Tltcir ideas tnakc everything thrive.“

— Kathryn Kellnnut

REFER Training Held

Rl€l5liR Switchboard. u 24 ltottt. sewn titty rt \tct‘i
crises itttcrtcntion information tcfcrrrtl hollinc is luuiru-
a training wcckctttl licbtnrtt) l]. H and IS. Rl‘l-l-‘Ii t~
looking: for mature. tcxponslblc \oluntccts who cult“
working with pcttplc. for more information t'ttll
4344200.

Give Until it Hurts

lhv Anth icun Rctl (‘ross bloorltttobile will be on L'AIIH
PM Thursday. l-cbrurtry IZ. Itlttt in the (‘runprn ('cnlt't
llallrootn. front [0:00 :t.m. to 4:00 pm. rtccortlln.“ "‘
SUNYA llloodmobilc t’oordinatot .lirn l’rtlnrct. lht~
first \isit of the spllllg semester is sponsored by ltrcI/at
l lllitttt and chaired by t'arlos .‘ylorrtlcs.

All potential blood donors are urged to prc-thl‘l“l
l‘lllll l0 lllL‘ drty of the \isit.

 

 

. February 104 1981

 

Albany Student Press

Buokstoi'e Shoplifting Discussed

by Barbara Schindler

Approximately two students are
apprehended each day for shoplif-
trttg tn the Fol/er SUN Y Books/are
according to Manager John Fuer-
borne.

Student Attorney Jack Lester
said the penality for shoplifting is
“either a fine up to St .000. a year in
prison. or both." ‘

The number of students caught
shoplifting has decreased since last
year. Fuerborne said. possibly
because of

increased bookstore

   
 

t

SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary

security.

Fuerborne. who feels that the
high prices of books could be one
reason for the number of student
sltoplifters. added that “there's
really nothing we can do about it.
We charge the manufactures sug-
gested retail prices."

Fuerborne also streéscd. tltough.
that “high book prices are certainly
not the only cause for shoplifting.
There are many different reasons;
each case is individual."

He explained that apprehended

   

. 1
photo: llnlt Lt'ottlrll

Ht' wan/s Io ‘ft'l‘t’llll‘ u more pleasant tllIlit).\'/)/It.'l‘t' in llit‘ CC Ion/tee.

students are either sent to the police
or the University Judicial Board.
depending on “the student‘s at-
titude and the seriousness of the
theft." A serious theft would
amount to approximately $50 worth
of merchandise. Fuerborne said.

Lester suggested a student book
co-op. similar to the food and
record eo-ops. be organized as a
possible solution to high book
prices and a dcterrant to sltoplift-
tng.

 

 

Fol/er SUN Y bookstore at SUNYA

    

photo Ian Client

Shoplifting has decreased since last year. said Manager John Fuerborne.

Game Room May be Moved

 

UAS Seeks New Location

by Bruce J. Lelber

A January I3 letter sent by Vice
President of Finance and Business
John l-lartigan to UAS General
Manager E. Norbert Zahm outlined
a proposal to remove tltc wall
separating tltc pinball roont front
tire lounge area to create
“additional lounge and study space
for students itt the campus ccntcr."

SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary has recomntendcd that the
University Attxilliary Service
(UAS)-controlled pinball machines
in the main ﬂoor lounge of the
Campus Center be removed to
alleviate overcrowding in the Cam-

Carey Wants 24 Hour Bars

by Christopher Koch

lf Governor l'ltlgll l.. Carey had
his way. that titttc honored college)
tradition of “closing the bar" could
become difficult — if rtot impossi»
blc.

At a .lilllll'dl‘y 29 ttcws conference
tltc governor suggested that New
York bars be allowed to remain
opcrt 24 hours. I

Earlier. (‘arey had stated that lie
would also favor granting wirtc attd
liquor licenses to supermarkets. tt
policy which has already bcctr
adopted by a few states such as
California and lllonois.

The governor's proposal contes
ottc year after his campaign against
drtrttk driving. chcrt separate cont—
mittces in the state legislatttrc arc

UAS Mag Raise
Meal Plan Costs
_ $50 Per Student

by Ellen Epstein

As a result of an unprecedented
state decision to charge all SUNY
auxiliary services a $3,000,000 utili-
ty l'cc. SUNYA's Uttivcrsily Aux-
iliary Service (UAS) may increase
meal plan costs by approximately
$50 per student. according to UAS
General Manager E. Norbert
Zahm. _

UAS Board of Directors Presi-
dent Dave Pologe estimated that
SUNYA may be forced to absorb
approximately $300,000 of the
state’s fec since it supplies it) to l3
per cent of SUNY‘s food services.

Pologe said that increasing meal
plan costs by $50 per student is
“one of the top options" UAS‘s
considering to raise the extra-
$300,000.

Zahm explained that UAS ltas no
income left from this year's budget
to pay for next year‘s utility price.
The income. Zahm said. will have
to come from the customers.

still preparing rccontmcndtttions for
legislation to impose stiffer
penalties for drunk driving in New
York as a result of that campaign.

(‘arcy said at tltc conference that
ttcitltcr of his suggestions were
“inconsistent with our idea of
fighting toxic substance abuse and
alcohol abuse.“

Carey aide Bill Snyder explained
that it would be easier to regulate
licettccd 24 ltotrr bars than illegal
after hour clubs.

The State Liquor Authority
employs between lit) to 90 enforce
ment officers concerned with pro-
ltibitittg tltc sale of liquor to minors
and policing after hours clubs. tltc
inability of tltcsc ol'ficcrs to stem
the tide of illegal clubs around the
state has be It at the crux of Carey‘s
repcatctl criticism of the Authority.
Carey is ttow considering dissolving
the Authority when its bttdgct cx-
pircs ltl .ltrrtc tutti allowing state and
local governments to assume its
duties.

State Liquor Authority Deputy
Commissioner Alan Gardner said
that he did not want to dispute

Carey's position on tltc issue.

Liartlncr did CNDlillll.rnlill)ligll.
that since the creation of the
Authority irt l‘)76. they have been
faced with small budget allocations.
“We were supposed to receive
$l.‘000.(X)0 irt initial funding. btrt
received only a small fraction of
that." lie said. Since these illegal
burs began to spring up about it) to
12 years ago. we have never tried to
get rid of tltertt on any massive
scttlc. We simply try to stop the big-
gcr establishments. We cart only do
so tttttclt with our budget." he said.

"Shrinking police budgets artd a
general moral decline itt tltc last tctt
years has caused a huge number of
lltcsc clttbs to cotnc into being.
There is no way to stop all of
them."

Gardner said that legalizing 24
hour burs would pttl some after
hour clubs ottt of business.
“Anytime you legali/e something
that wasn't lcgal before. you will
lttrrt tltc illegal trade." ltc said.

Snyder said that although that
most after hours bar activity occurs
in New York City. it is not litttilcd

pus Center and to "create a more
pleasant atmosphere."

Hrtrtigtttt added that O'Leary is
receptive to suggestions frotn UAS
about ultct'natc sites for mu pinball
machines. and set the deadline for
submitting Arccotntttctttltttions at
April I.

l’ossiblc altcrnutc locations; under
consideration by UAS include the
bowling urea and the l’rtlroon
Room.

UAS littttl'tl of Directors l’rcsi-
dcrtt Datc l’olottc pointed out.
however. that additional pinball
machines irt the bowling area would

‘ ‘.

 

Governor Hugh L. Curcv

interfere with bowling classes. and
that the area is too small to accom-
trrodate the machines already
situated in that area.

Zahm said that he would like to
discuss the issue 'with President
O‘Leary. bttt acknowledged that
tltc final decision is up to O'Leary.

Zalun is convcrned with main-
tairtittg revenues from the pinball
tttacltittcs while at the same time
“providing the best possible service
to tire students." He fears that arty
relocation of the machines would
place tltcrtt ottl of tltc rttttitt student
traffic llow.

()‘l.crtty stlltl that lie understands
llAS's concern. bttt stressed that his
decision was made on the basis of
need.

phuur: Lil's

 

Ilr‘ .‘tllft/ /lf.\ irlt'm' are no/ inconsistent with his war on alto/ml abuse.

to that area.

ltt Albany. many liquor store
owners and bar owners are opposed
to the governor‘s proposals. Phil
Salrtttino. owner of Sabatino‘s Li-
quors on Quail Street called Carey‘s
proposals “ridiculous.” Srtbatino
said that it is not possible to super-
vise the sale of liquor properly in
supermarkets.

“When someone comes irt here
of a questionable age. we ask for
Li). (identification). A kid could
get one of their friends at one of lllt.‘
cash registers to sell it to tltcttt. or

they cotrld steal the alcohol. Super-
markets are so large that there is no
way to keep art eyc on everyone."
Sabatino continued.
“Also. they could undercut my
prices and pttt ntc otrt of business."
. ltc added. Sabatino. who is also the
owttcr of tltc Lamp Post on
Western Avenue and Quail Street.
'fttrthcr argued that if bars were
allowed to remain opctt for. 24
hours. school would take a back
seat to drinking. Sabatino said that
if the governor‘s proposals were
passed. he would still close at 4 am.

EX-Hostage Lee Visits State Capitol

by Michele Israel

Speaking word». of praise and
thanks for the American people.
former hostage Gary Earl Lee. en
route to Kingston. N.Y.. visited the
state Capitol yesterday as part of an
ongoing tour of tire nation.

lee. one of the 52 held captive itt
lran. had what he described as a
“whirlwind tour" of the legislature.
where. he addressed both the N.Y.
Senate and Assembly. chatted with
Lt. Gov. Mario Cttortto. and will-
tngly fielded questions from
reporters in the Legislative Cor»
respondents office.

Lcc's stop in Albany was one of
many lte ltas made since his release. ,
The tanned and tltin Ulster Cottttty
native explained that tottrirtg was
his way of expressirtg gratittrdc to
the American people.

“i owe it to the people of
America." said Lee. “As far as I‘m
concerned. it‘s the people of
America who got me out of there."

The former hostage said his tour
will end on March 2 when he will\
return to "regular work" with the
State Departntent. which involves
“supply-property management.“

Lee added that being ltcld

 

hostage was not his rnaitt profes-
sion.

Lcc. visiting the Capitol for the
first titnc. received a bricfedtrcation
on the workings of the state govern-
ment front Assembly Speaker
Stanley Fink. The former hostage
expressed surprise over the speed
with which bills are passed.

Adding to what Lee called an
"overwhelming" response in
Albany. Kingston Mayor Donald E.
Quick and Assemblyman Maurice
l-linshey presented Lee with his
Kingston birth certificate. part of
the identification he had lost in

Iran.

The former ltostagc left Kingston
at the age of three and travelled to
lndia with his father. the Rev. Earl
Lee.

Lee said he plans to remain in the
states until 1982. since the assign-
ment he requested in Antwerp.
Belgium was presently unavailable.
He will be spending time with his
family in his hometown. Falls
Church, Va. 1

He has been offered “any assign-
ment 1 want within reason," and
has even agreed to the possibility of

I tcontinued on page ﬂve

l

Ww*w‘wmmxﬁmmnm=wWme r

 

