    

 

In»... “-

 

 

. .,
Nicaraguans Plan Attack
NEW YORK, N. . (AP) Right-wing Nicaraguan exiles
In Honduras, conﬁdent of support from some portions
"of the Honduran Army and awaiting a “green light"
from‘the United States, plan to be ready to invade their
homeland in about two months“, The New York Times
reported today. Nicaraguan exile leaders asserted that a
GOO-member “freedom force" stationed in Honduras
near the Nicaraguan border soon will be joined by
thousands of sympathizers from Guatemala and Miami.
The rebel groups are gambling that their plan to over-
throw the 20—month-old Sandinist government will ig-
nitc a popular insurrection similar to the one that toppl-
ed the regimc of Amastasio'Somoza In July I979. They
also hope to have direct or co‘vert military supportirom
the governments of Honduras, El Salvador and
Guatemala. Some U.S. State Departrmcnl officials are
known to favor a policy of first "strangling" the Sart-
dinist government economically and then, lit the words
of one American diplomat, “financing dissidetrt
groups," according to the Times. But tltere has becrt no
clear evidence of US. support for the Nicaraguan exiles,
although a few dozen ltave been receiving military train-
ing In camps run by Cuban exiles outside Miami. The ex-
iled Nicaraguan Democratic Union said it ltas not receiv-
ed a reply to a letter sent last December to then-
President-elect Ronald Reagan, appealing for U.S. sup-
port for an invasion of Nicaragua.

Gambling Arrests Made

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP) Wcs‘tcltcstcr uttlltor'itics
today arrested abotrt two dozen rcptttcd rrtobstcrs whom

they described as “major figures" in a trretropolittm

area gambling and lourt-shttrkitrg syndicate. Among

those arrested were Lawrence “Larry Black" ('crrlore, tl

reputed member of the Genovesc crirue family, llllti

John Pelose Jr., also described as a major crirtre figure.

Westchcs'ter authorities said the grotrp was rounded up

beginning at about 6:30 a.m. and brought to the ,
Westchestcr County Courthouse for arraignment on a

variety of loan-sltarking and gambling churgcs handed

up in recent weeks by a courtly grand jury. The top
count in the indictment, according to members of the
district attorney’s office, was criminal trsury irt the first
degree, rt lourr-slrarking charge that carries a maximum
pertalty of up to 15 years irt prison upon conviction.

 

 

 

e
'r
it

. -\ r ‘ r ‘
._ .. . . _ . .
Ofﬁcials to. Face Charges: .
_ BRA’I'I‘LEBORO, Vtt (AP) Officials of a New York
petroleum company will be in Vermont District Court
next week to ansWer charges of violating state regula-
tions governing the transport of hazardous material, ac-
cording to ofﬁcials. State Police Cpl. Thomas Parent
said Thursday the Agway Petroleum Corp., of
Riverhead. NY. faces three charges. An Agway tanker
heading south on interstate 9] in Vernon was cited by
police for the alleged violations during a routine inspec-
tion on March 12, Parent said. According to state
police, the company is charged with transporting
petroleum distillate without emergency flow control, not
having an operable secondary system for product
discltargc valve and not properly identifying transport
material on the truck's shipping papers. Agway officials
will answer the charges in District Court in Btattlcboro.
Windham County Deputy State's Attorney Jesse Corum
said the maximum ﬁne for each charge is $1,000.

Mil/c Companies Charged

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) Eight milk companies and 20
of their top executives and salesmen have been indicted
in art alleged price-fixing conspiracy said to have cost
consumers millions of dollars in overcharges of up to 10
cents a quart for milk. The indictment handed up itt
Bronx Supreme Court specifically charges the corn-
panics and their employees with dividing up the Bronx
and conspiring to fix prices to wholesalers atrd retailers.
However, State Attorrtcy General Robert Abrams said
irt announcing the irrdictrncttls Wednesday that they
Were part ofa conspiracy that has corttrollcd milk prices
in II downstate counties at least since 1967. Abrunts
said he also had filed a civil sttit irt federal cottrt uttder
anti-trust laws, seeking rcstittttiott and triple damages on
behalf of consumers who bought milk at inflated prices.
He said tltc urtrotrrtl of the possible rcliltrtiott would be
"substantial" anti possibly “cht'ttordiitury," bttl no
system had been worked out for reimbursing consumers.

 

 

Carey Plans to Marry

M.IIANY, N.Y. (Al’) (iov. Hugh Carey, who has often
hinted Ire doesn't like unmarried life, is going to
celebrate his next birthday by marrying Chicago real
estate developer Evangeline Croulelus. Early today, the
pair confirmed their plan to rnrtrr'y’on April ll itt New
York City. The date is Carey's 62nd birthday. The un-
nourrcemcnt, which capped weeks of speculation and tut
apparent with lwitrd courtship, came in a briet'statcmctrl
front Carey's press office. “Governor Hugh 1.. Carey

 

 

Friday '
8:30-9:30 pm
10:20 pm Albany State
K i c k l i n e
Jackson 4
Honeybuns
Sugar"n’ Spice
SPINNERS

10:26 pm
10:57 pm
11:13 pm

12:40 am
1:04 am

Prelude

4 QUADS

Norbert Zahm (UAS Direc-
tor)
Jim Diamond (WCDB
Manager)
8116 Gold (SA President)
Professor Dobson

 

(Geography Department)

Dating Game

Cfelethon ’81- Schedule of Acrsl

1:36 am ’ Johnny Carson
VILLAGE PEOPLE
2: 12 am Phi Beta Sigma
2:36 amDean Brown’s Band
2:55 am GROUP
T H E R A P Y
Rock with us all night long!
10:00am-2:00 pm
I CHILDREN‘S HOUR
THEME- Wild West.'Be a
Chaperone.

2:48 Fyre

Throughout the 24 hours,
watch the pies being thrown
at your favorites:

Rob Grubman
Editor)

(ASP

There’ 11 be surprise ap-
pearances 4 by other well
k n 0 win S U N Y A

Celebrities! l! ‘ J

          
 

\

and MissEvangeIine Goulctas conﬁrmed this evening
that they intend to marry on Saturday. April it in New
‘York' City," the statement said. The two were not im-
mediately available for comment. Late Wednesday
nigltt, Miss Gouletas flew into Albany, and site and thr-
governor made a brief appearance at a local bar and
restaurant, Downtown Johnny's. it is a popular gatheh
ing place for Albany politicians. But the pair escaped to
the Executive Mansion just before a pack of repoml.h
descended on the bar in hopes of coryirming a i'L‘poH
about their marriage plans frotn Chicago Mayor Jam.
Byrne's press secretary. The press secretary, Ray Mb
Carthy, said Miss Gouletas had told Mrs. 'Byrne of her
wedding plans in a telephone call, saying she wanted the
mayor “to be the ﬁrst to know."

Leak Found in Nuke Plant

.
OSWEGO, N.Y. (AP) The James A. Fitzl’arrick
Nuclear Power Plant near here was retrieved front ser—
vicc after an internalleak was discovered, a spokesman
for the state Power Autltority said. No radioactivity was
released from the BOO-megawatt plant and “an
unusual" radioactivity was released witltin the piitlll,
Carl Patrick, public infortnaation officer for the Pom-r
Autltorily of tire State of New York. said Wednesday.
Tltc steam-turbine plant boils water into steam, which
drives its turbines. The pump that failed chltcstltty
recirculatcs water which does not vaporize back toward
the core, l’urtick said. About 1,000 gallons of water col-
Iectcd in a containment area anti were ptrrrtpcd into the
plant‘s water treatment system, Patrick said. Repairs to
the ptttnp. one of two in the plant, were expected to lttkc
about a week, Patrick said. PASNY will perform other
maintenance work at the 6-year-old plant during titr-
week, I’atriek said. Personnel at the plant glutitrrtli)
reduced power orrtptrl after the leak was tlL‘lt‘t'lt'ti
arorrrtd noon Wednesday by monitoring cquiptrrctrt in
the control room, Patrick said. The leak was in lilt‘
pump's seal, he said.

 

 

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

 

 

Be Musically Entertained

On Wednesday. April 8, the University Singers will
present a half-hour program under the direction of Don
Guidotti.

All rtre ittvitcd to attend the performance at 12:30
p.nr. in the University Library Red Carpet Lounge.

Election Forum Held

‘JSC l-lillcl clcctiort's forum will take place Mondrt)
night, April 6, 7-9 p.rn. in .LC 11. This is your oppor~
tttttrty to meet with and talk to tire people running for
Executive Board positions in this organization.

Elections will be held on Wednesday, April it, (r-lil
p.m. lll LC 23. llritlg your .IS(' card to vote.

For more information, call JSC, 7-7508.

Check Your Blood Pressure

Five Quad Ambulance Service will conduct a blood
pressttrc chair on April 7 and ti between the hours of ti
a.m. and 2:30 pm. irt tllc Campus Center lobby. Irin-
Quad strongly encourages anyone who has rrol lrtrd lilt'lt
blood presstrrc chcckcd within the past year to mull
themselves of this free service.

If you have any questions or you are unable to visit
the clinic during these hours, do not hesitate to contrth
the Five Quad office to make other arrangements. ‘l in-
office plrottc number is 7-8613 or 86”, and nth Irv CHI"
ed day or evening. V '

Fire Breaks Out on State

A fire broke out in tire basement kitchen of State

Quud's Tower late Saturday night, when a stove Whirll
bod records lying on it was accitlerttly turned on, accol-
drrrg to Tower Director Dave Render.
' Reader said "Sections Iii-21 were have a ptrrlk pillly
trt the lower lounge and sortie buys elected to handle the
tnusrc. They brought their own stereo equipment and
records and secluded the equipment in the tower kit»
cltcn. Someone left about 15.20 records sitting on the
burners of the stove and apparently someone else ac-
cidentally switched them on.

Render added that the bttrrrer switches cart be turned
VCFY easily and someone brushing against tltcrrt could
have turned them on.

According to Reader, the albums caught on fire, fill—
int; lhc room with smoke, “So an RA pulled the fire
“lamb ""1 ullstairs and got fife extlnqulshers... and the
fire was put out."

in": lower was evacuated and fire engines were
brouehl to the scene at approximately 12:30 that.
f —- Bruce Lev!

 

 

 

April 3, 1981

I

by Beth Sexer

Central Council voted last
Wednesday to establish a new SA
executive, branch position, the
director of student programming.

The function of the director of
strtdcrrt programming will be to act
as the liaison between all SA funded
groups 'and tire executive branch
and Central Cotrncil, said Central
Council Chair Peter Wcirrstock.

The position of director will be
appointed by a five pcrsort commit-
tee consisting of the SA president or
vice president, the controller, two
SA group leaders, and the previous
director of programming. ‘

Tltc presence of grotrp leaders on
the appointing contrnitlec will err-
sure that a “friend of a friend" is
rtol appointed by the executive
branch, and gives the groups u say
as to who will represent them.

However, said Central ('otrrrcil
member Paul Frciliclt, since the
position was just created, the court-
cil's internal Affairs Committee
I. I

 

_ it
Library Director Joseph Nileckl
Ilt' /i’t’/\ increase [or 'I tl/‘runulic.

"hen

Iv Show!

-2 hcld‘,

phat

will select a committee to appoint
the director.

Central Council voted to give the
appointed director a $400 stipend
for the month of August'whcn he
must be on campus, and $300 for
the remainder of the year.

Working with the director of pro-
gramming will be a program board
consisting of one rcprcserttative for
every five organizations listed
within each of ten categories of SA
groups. For example, 16 SA groups
fall ttrtder the category of
“recreation and sports."
Therefore, ottt of tltcsc 16 groups,
three members will act as represen-
tutives on the board.

According to the program board
proposal report written by SA
l’rcsidcrtl Sue Gold, Wcittstock,
and A. is urrt Director of Stttdcttl ‘
Activittes Kathy Nusbuurn, the new
structure will create “u closer and
consistent liaison betwectt the
groups and tire SA" and will ctr-
courugc “coordination of tire
grottps. . . botlr for tire purposes of

  

by Iirucc Levy

'l‘hc SUNYA library has been
titled with of the top 99 University
Rcscnr'ch Libraries by the Associa-
tiott of Research libraries (ARI).

lrt tr recent issue of the ('lrroniclc
of lligltcr liductttion, selected
trnivcrsily libraries were ranked by
overall si/e, with tile consideration
of the number of volumes held, the

U. gross rrtrtnbcr ot‘ volurncs‘ added,

utrd the number of nticrot'orrns
cspcditurcs for library
trrulcriuls, binding, salaries, and
other operating expenses: and tire
tttrtttbct of l'rrol'cssionrrl uttd trott—
professionl staff members.

The ARI. rurtkcd schools irr both

Albany Student Press

scheduling and to provide feedback
on the problems faced."

Students have felt, said Frcilich,
that “SA has become totally in-
dependent of everything else." The
rtcw director of programming will
help keep tltc groups “in direct cort-
tact with what‘s going on" arid will
deal with such issues that concern
them as income litres and stipen-
dirtg.

Gold and SA Vice President
Brian l.cvy poitrtcd ottt at litt."
meeting that the additional ex»
ccutite position is necessary
because botlr the president and tire
vice presidettl have too rrrutty other
obligations to devote strfficicnt titttc
and energy to the needs of over lit)
SA groups.

Also, Freilich suid, sittcc tltc
director of programming will act as
the representative of the SA groups,
there will be no conflicts of interest
when lrc presents their views before
tlr: executive branch and Central
Council.

the United States and ("trutqu for
tire ycrtr l‘)7‘)-l‘)lli).

SIINYA was listed tts ltoltlitlt'
l)3tr.ii(i4 \olurncs ill the library, with
3K,704 \olurncs utltled. Approv-
irnulcly “252,594 was spent Ior
rnutetitrls itliti $2,069,776 spent for
salaries.

SUNYA was listctl trltcutl of such
schools as 'I'trlurtc. llrowtt, l)utt-
tnotrlh. (‘usc-\\’cslcrn. Rice, Notre
Dame, uttd Kent State Universities.

“coding the list were llruvnrd.
llct klcy, Ytrlc, Stamford,
1l.(‘.l..A,. (‘olurttbitr. University of
Michigan, and t'ortrcll.

Jogging Injuries Can be Prevented

by Murice Alice (illlesplc, M.I).

As llrc Weather warms, tnorc peo-
ple will begin jogging uguirt uttd lltc
rturttber' of related injuries will irr-
cr'cusc. About two-thirds of these
injuries can be traced to rruirtirrg cr~
tors in one of the seven following
areas:

1) S/lltt‘\' — The present tiny run—
ning shoe has bccrt designed to pro-

by Frank (ill

opportunities open to them.

other prolcssiorruls
House, where John Alcvundct
dcliycrcd u speech.

regardless of their field.

tltentsclvcs.“

want people to rccogni/c lltc
stlid.

Students were
llrctn fell the experience
of these type of events.
k liorty students attended irl all.

 

"W mar-~11- —.

mmmmld

 

(i .
Rotary Club Sponsors
Professional Luncheon

the Albany State Rotary (‘lub sponsored a "professional rrrcrr ——
student get together day" yesterday,
sltrtlctrts bccotrrc trrore aware of professional business fields and the

Students spent Iltc titty with doctors, dentists, luurk presidents, and
illlti were tlrert treated to itlllt'll at tile l‘lrruwuy
of tire SUNYA I’lucctrrcnt ()I'ficc

Alt-\tttrtlcr stressed llrnt students should not restrict themselves to
the one field for which their degree qurtlifics them. He said employers
are looking for people who can write, speak, uttd cornrnunicurc,

('llli rtdtisot l)irttt Mcliti said.
numerous skills and shouldn't iusl base their education on then Illil-

lot. A cltungc of ttttiltrdc is needed, so students don‘t restrict

Mcliti udvocutcd more commutiin participation in the future. "1
community is doing something.

t'urrdornly picked front a list of applicants. Most of
was profitable urrd would also like to see nrolc

u.-was-uunu-on-nnnnann—nu----9¢

vide protection, balance itt weight
bearing and flexibility — btrl nrusl
fit properly. Too often ucltcs,
pains. black toenails und blisters ur'c
cruised by poorly l'ittcd shoes. The
shoe itself should be flexible irt the
forefoot, ttot lltc midsole. It should
have it sturdy ltccl counter urtd udc—
quale space irt tltc toe box. Also, it
should be easy to depress the ltccl

aimed at helping SUNYA

"Students need to demonstrate

n

she

cushion frorn the inside with one
finger.

2) Strrj/itct' — Although grass pro-
vides rt cushion, it is a rather ir-
tcgrrlur' surface turd it is often easy
to rnisstcp and end up with a sprain-
cd uttklc. (‘iudct‘ and dirt trails are
excellent. ('crncrtt roads are firte if
the shoes are properly cushioned.
Trucks are also fine as lottg us laps
are trot all run irt orrc direction.
Running on a soft surfrtcc, and with
wcll»cushiottcd shoes, can go a long
way to prevent "shinsplitrt" typc
pttin. "Sirittsplints," puitt on tile in-
ttct aspect of tire lower leg while
rrtttrtittg, cart be the result of other
conditions inclttdlrtg fractures and
tendouitis.

' é Health Column

 

———___=—_———-——,-———————

3) Safety — If using tlte roads at
night, light colored clothing,
especitrlly with reflective tape at-
tached, cart rnttkc tltc rtttnter rtruclr
tnore visible. Dusk utld down are
the most dangerous times to rrrrt on
the road —— even with special safety
gear — so it is better to avoid these
times if possible.

4) Speed — A beginner cannot
start too slowly. This is particularly
true of new young female runners
who often ltave not had the long
term vigorous sports traittittg of
their tnalc counterparts. While the
cardiovascular system can be
brought to a high fitness level lit a
matter of rttontlts, it may trike tltc

 

-‘~---

Hr... Iii-urinyl

 

museuloskelctul system years to rcs-
'pond to increased physical

,_ i. 9' tie. on. .- r

 

 

New SA Executive Branch Position 

 

 
   

.. I I” ; . ,.
SA Vice President Iirlun Levy

 
 
 
 

Page Three

 

 

Ill'_/i't‘/\ Iflt' Ilt'li' t'.\'t't'lllft't' pint/inn it lllillt't‘t'utll‘l'.

The only olllc SUNY school to
appear on the list were SIINY/llrrl'v
fulo. tanked 3(rllt, urrd
SilNY/Srottybrook, ranked 75th.

According to the library‘s Assi»
litill Director for Planning urrd‘
Operational Support, Meredith
liutlct. “SilNYA's picture has rc-
rrruirrcd basically the same, which is
a function of tire sire itlttl money
spent.“

Muller notctl also tlrul SUNYA
dropped in ranking. regarding the

rrtrntbcr of volumes and periodicals
hcltl', increased irt ranking accor-
ding to its total c\pcrrdilutc,
ttrrrttber of rttictot‘orrns. trrttl

srtltll‘ics‘; urrd ranked the some in

SUN YA Library Ranks Higher in ’81

most otlrct ctlrcgoric-.

SIINYA has irrcrcarsed t\\t'lttll itt
its rrrrrlx from its I‘I's-IW‘) ruling,
which rurtkcd SUN)" \ rrcrtt'ly lttsl.

llouewr. accortliru- to library
Director .Ioseplt Nitccki, "the irr-

ctcust- is not that dramatic; it is a
result of statistical interpretation.“

He added, “The difference is so
mittitnttl, it might be affected by
other librrtries dropping."

While he did not fitttl the increase
in ionising, “a major improve-

merit,“ Nilccki noted that "it is im»
portion that we are a member of
ARI .. You have to bc invilcd to bc tl
rtrcrnber and meet certain
ctitcriu.“

photo: \\ ill \ urtnuu

15,000 unti-nukcrs‘ marched on Harrisburg Sutttrtltty against lltc re-

opening of the Three Mile islund rt

uclcur power pluttt. The rnrrrclt was

culletl lry ten international Irtbor unions as well as the Nrttiottul Educa-
tion Association. Speakers included llurry Commoner. Atnory

Lovitts, "t‘lill Abrug, anti Miclrio

demands. Stress or fatigue fr'aCIttres
arid kttcc cup problems are pur-
lietrlarly conrmon in women who
overdo. A walk—run cycle at tr corn-
fortable pace is recommended to
start with and it is a good idea not
to increase tltc distance rrrore titan
10 pcrcertt per week.

5) Strength —— Running produces
a tightness irt the calf, hamstring
and posterior ‘trunk rnttsclcs and
stretching exercises should be incor-
porated into arty running program.
This is particularly true iii a young
athlete whose muscles are already
tight in relation to still growing
bones. The warm-up period sltould
include non-bounce stretching artd
be vigorotts enough to prodttcc
sweu'ting.

6) Strength — Again it is the
' humstrlngs. calf muscles and

 

Kaku.

posterior trunk that develop the
most strength in rutrnirrg and to pre-
vent trrt imbalance the opposite
muscle groups need to be
strengthened. An exercise program
which includes bent ktree sit-ups,
straight leg-lifts, and the lifting of
the forefoot against resistance are
ltclpful.

7) Structure — Knock-knees,
bowlcgs, liar feet artd very high ar-

cltcd feet ctttt all contribute to an -

unsuccessful (and painful!) running
career. Also, with fatigue, a eltange
lrt the gait and style of rurrttirtg can
lend to. abnormal stresses on the
legs, and thus to injury. Well-made
orthodcs, which are wedges or
shims inserted into the shoe, can
help to correct structural im-
balances and put the leg into a

continued on page five

‘ ‘.| \J ‘ - ,- - \"
ml: v.4 - wu-uouuuuqnnn-a'

   

abliShed' 7 —

r . b
'  ﬁwa'mumcc'“

 

 

