..r..«-i
...- .ed 1.9mm—

 

 

ell boys and girls. once again the

time has come for Hollywood to

‘ honor itself with statues of little
naked men. Golden to be sure. but naked
nonetheless. Each year the nominations br-

tn new back- atttn on the part of the

Mark Bossier '

Academy and‘this year Is no eXceptIon. In
1980. Academy members pointed with
some pride to the number of unknown and
first-time nominees they felt worthy of honor.
however. the trend is not all it's cracked up
to be.‘ _

Most of the; unknowns noted by the
Academy are In the categories of Best Sup-

 

 

poring .
nominees are complete unknowns and one
(Eva La Gallienne from Resurrection) is well'
known to theatre audiences. but no one else.
The fact that Cathy Moriarlty (Raging Bull).
Diana Scarwid (Inside Moves). Michael
O'Keefe (The Great Santinl). Timothy Hut~
ton (Ordinary People). and Joe Pesci
(Raging Bull) are all what the Academy
refers to as “unknown quantities" can only
work against them. While the Academy is
frequently willing to nominate unknowns in
the supporting categories. they are less will-
ing to give the award to sonreone who has
only given one good performance; they are
more likely to go with the seasoned veteran.
Also. they don't nominate newcomers for
these awards because they want to en-
courage young talent. and there are just no
superstars to nominate. Big box office draws
do not take supporting roles: therefore. It is
impossible to vote for them. The last
superstar nominee In a supporting category
was Laurence Olivier in 1976 for Marathon
Man. He lost. but to Jason Robards. a first-
timer with years of highly respected stage
work behind him.

The Academy

some seven technical Oscars.

Editing.
Oi the live films nominated for Oscar's hig

sweeping the nation.

oversight.

 

    
     

Ew. FACES Of ‘31

One can understand the Academy’s reluc-
tance to give the most treasured award In the
film industry to someone‘in their first major
role; how embarasslng If they never lived up
to the promise. Between 1970 and 1975. 31
‘of the 60 Supporting Actress and Actor
nominees were unknown (as opposed to
first-timers) and not one of them won. True.
Beatrice Straight beat a strong group of con-
tenders In 1976 and Meryl Streep did the
same last year. but they are rare cases in
which the excellence of the performance was
able to override the other circumstances.
The Academy also painted with pride this
year at the new young directors they
nominated; this too ls less than 'It would
see . Yes. Roman Polanski (Tess) and Mar-

tin Scorcese (Raging Bull) are the only big
name directors of the bunch. and only
Polanski has been nominated before. Robert
Redford tshardly an unknown .. but Ordinary
People was his first attempt behind the
camera. The Elephant Man is only David
Lynch's second film (the other being the cult
"hit" Eraserhead) and Richard Rush has
been hanging around Hollywood for years.
hitting a commercial (though not artistic)
higlrpoint with Freebie and the Bean In
1974. How the rather (by Academy starr-
dards) artsy group of men find themselves
nominated for the little naked statue ts ex-
plainable by the fact that none of the bigger
names produced anything. None of last
year's nominees released a film this year.
and Heaven's Gate and Stardust Memories
were such disasters that the previous winners
of the award might as well have done the
same. When it takes directors two or three
years to put their follow-up projects together.
newcomers are bound to invade the ranks.

For the record. my predictions. with the
usual hedging. stand as follows: Robert Red-

 

Srnikes BACk'

Star Wars. Star Wars received nominations for Academy Awards in almost every
catagory. Lucas and his movie deserved those nominations In 1977 — including
the nomination for Best Picture. It was the number one box office hit of all time. And it won

J n 1977. George Lucas made his fortune and delighted audiences around with

The 1980 Oscar show Is around the corner. and conspicuously under-represented on the
. list of nominees is the Lucas-produced sequel to Star Wars. The E npire Strikes Back. EmA
pire is being given one special award for visual effects.

What is shocking about this Is that The Empire Strikes Back. which has received more
: critical acclaim than Star Wars. was this year‘s most successful box office attraction. and in
fact is the third highest grossing film of all time. behind Star Wars and Jaws. having netted
- one hundred and twenty million dollars in rentals In the US. and Canada alone. And Em-
pire's competition Is notably thinner than was Star Wars' In 1977. and yet it was nominated
in certain technical categories one might expect — such as Best Cinematography and

best honor. only two clearly earned their nods.
Tess Is nominated becauSe Hollywood likes to generate controversy (Polanski is under in-
dictment In California for his sexual proclivlties). Raging Bull Is nominated because Martln
Scorcese currently seems to have the place In Academy's heart that Francis Ford Coppola
once had: and Coal Miner's Daughter can only be a sop to the country/western rage
The Empire Strikes Back is a film which is superior to Star Wars
(even if you liked Star Wars better) In almost every way. and should. therefore. have receiv-
ed the Best Picture nomination that Its forerunner did. Oscar should be ashamed of this

-Mulr Muratora'.

 

 

 

 

 
    
 

ford. as winner of the Director‘s Guild Award
should get Best Director making Ordinary
People a safe bet for Best Picture; however.
Redford’s inexperience and the film's
similarity to last year's winner Kramer us.
Kramer may make the way for Scorcese and
Raging Bull. though l doubt It. Robert
DeNiro should have no trouble getting Best
l Actor. and only a strong “ ‘ on the
side of Mary Tyler Moore will be able to
stand in Sissy Spacek's way. Violating what I
just said. Timothy Hutton seems a shoo-In
for Supporting Actor. thdtrgh- Michael
O'Keefe‘s virtually identical performance
may make a dark horse winner possible.
Mary Steenburgen has won every major
award for her work in Meluin and Howard.

aballiene's reverent place in the theatre
may impress voters.
Despite my prediction for Hutton's vic-
tory. unknowns and newcomers should not
be encouraged by their nominations.
Chances of them getting the naked man are
slim. The most they can hope for on Oscar
night is that the folks back home don't go to
the bathroom when their category ls being
announced; at least they can get told how
nice they looked on TV. . 0

The Ups Of

he man in the tux opens the
envelope. the crowd held Its
breath. "And the winner is . . .

my God. the paper's blank!"
Yes. again we're faced with a year when
the Academy Awards should really go to no
one. I know I know. the fact that~1980 was

Jack Nuthail

 

 

«.1

for Raging Bull. Is not well-liked by the
Academy. Nonetheless. Dustin Hoffman
wasn't either. but finally won Best Actor last
year. and Scorcese. part of the "UCLA
Movie, Mafia" that includes Coppola.
Spielberg and Lucas may have moved up in
esteem lately. The other competition. David
Lynch. for the beautifully directed The
Elephant Man. Roman Polanski for Tess.
and Richard Rush for The Stunt Man. In any
normal year would be immediately counted
out. This year. I’ll probably be wrong. Lyn-
ch's only other feature film credit is
Eraserhead. which will carry no weight with
the Academy. Richard Rush's The Stunt
:. Man Is my favorite film of the year. but was
'3‘ not a mainstream hit. And if Roman Polanski
“I won. he couldn't accept the award anyway
'1 without being arrested. and the Academy

ccording to Time. ex-Screen Ac-
!” tor's Guild President Ronald
Reagan is going to address the
group of over-dressed drunkards packed in~
to the LA Music Center Monday night. He
had to get in the White House to do it. but

Jim Dixon

W Reagan l5 finally being taken serious» »
(y by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts
and Sciences.

This is an odd year for the Oscars. My In-
stincts tell me I‘m going to pick most of the
major award-recipients wrong. l'm expecting
upsets —— a good many of them. in fact. The 'V
last few years have seen Oscar-sweeps. one
or twu films hogging most of the biggies. I
don't think that's going to be the (‘ase for

once. ) has been waging a backlash war against peo-
At least in the Best l tcture category. tlrr! , pie who don't show. (This won't Irurt Red-
flve films nominated are the best films of llll' I ' . ford at all. He's the closest thing Hollywood

has to a God.)
The biggest crock being handed out by

year. more or less — ThevEfephant Man. Oi- .-
dtnary People. Raging Bull. Tess. and tho ‘
one exception. Coal Miner's Daughter. llli.’ v
only one in the group i really didn't like. The 3
two major contenders are Ordinary l’uriplu 
and Raging Brill. If it wins. Raging Bull Will
be the first black and white film to win llli‘
award since The Apartment in 19ft]. I think
It will win. though. largely due in Ordinary
People's similarities to last year's winner.
Kramer Us. Kramer. The Academy seems to
favor variety. and it‘s rare for them to follow
a trend for more than a year or twu. TWo
small. intimate family-oriented dramas in ii
row would be a bit much.

The same two films are squared off In the r, '
Best Director category as well. If Robert Redv ‘. .
ford wins for Ordinary People. he will do
what has almost never happened: win Best
Director for his first film. Statistically. the
odds are massively against trim. However.
Martin Scorcese, who really deserves to win

doesn‘t win Best Actor for Raging Brill. He
should have Won last year for The Deer
Hunter. And if he does win this year. I'll
clalrn it's a cumulative award for that. The
Godfather Pt. II. Taxi Driver and one or two
other films he should have won for. But this
year. I predict a major upset — Peter
O'Toole is going to win for The Stunt Man
(Which seems to me perfectly just). Robert
Duvall will not be honored for his excellent
performance in The Great Santini. which.
" ' because of cowardly distributors and ex-
‘ hibitors. was barely seen except for some
cable TV networks (And then It was seen
under three titles). Jack Lernmon won't win
for Tribute —— that's a token nomination for a
bomb to fill out the slate. And John Hurt
won't win for his superb performance in The

OWN

performance was the finest of the film.
revealing a depth that startled tire. I must ad-
mit that even Mary Tyler Moore surprised
me a little: not that her performance was
flawless. but that she could carry off any
serious dramatic role without collapsing.
Coal Miner's Daughter also was a pleasant

 

new ground. Director Mortin Scorcese Uht‘il
slow motion in close-up shots to provide .‘in
almost imperceptibly eerie effect. Though
old hat In the film schools. it was new in
commercial cinema. and that type of subtle
shot manipulation is needed more often,
Scorcese also explored the use of the sub-
jective viewpoint. Reality is distorted .is it

would be In the minds of the characters In collar-worker-filin material was handled in a

Ivery superior fashion. soinetlrlug | lrad been

 

no great ones. right?

little time analyzing what we had last year
rather than bemoarring what we lacked. The
year did have some innovations (at least in-
novations by Hollywood's standards). Some
surprises. and quite a few delights. "

 
 

 

People:

a bad year for film has been beaten to death
already. But what does one do? Settle for
the crime of mediocrity? Lets. face It. though
there were some very good films. there were

Well. for one thing I think we can spend a

' Hirsdl Cali aCt. Somelr w l l v ' ' .t
Raging Bull was one of the mms .0 break U ind dismiser

 

this case. people literally squirt blood from
open cuts after repeated punching. Though 'I
subjective viewpoints have been done for ‘
decades. this one is different because we '
swallow or accept the given retrlity as ffit'
reality. Some critics even criticined the filrrr
negatively for its lack of realism when thin.
was the whole point.

So much for innovations.

There were some surprises ltiSl year its
well. For instance. we found out iiuild

.
‘jzhoplng to see for quite some time.

As for the delights. there were many. The
, Elephant Man delighted me. I found myself
. »~ truly engaged in the pathos of the star and
not once did I feel Director David Lynch lose
control or force sentimentality upon us. As I
grow older. I become less willing to lose
_ . . myself to such emotional demands. When I

'- ‘ do. l find It refreshing

“View!” .r And Tess. Ah. Tess. i loved the film Sn
W"  much. I made excuses for its weaknesses. If
it were simply an exercise in photography

 
 

 

"‘1‘ iii. vhl

  

him as just another sit-corn mannequin. Ills

a’ing Bull

Surprise. What is basically a "B" movie-bitte-

Elephant Man. partially because of‘ some In-
nate prejudice against performances done In
heavy make-up. and partially because Hurt
shared the limelight too much with Anthony
Hopkins and John Glelgud.

There have been years for women's roles
— 1980 was not one of them. The only two
nominations to be taken seriously this year
are Mary Tyler Moore for Ordinary People
and Sissy Spacek for Coal Miner's Daughter.
Ellen Burstyn Is nominated for Resurrection.
a box office disaster. Count her out. Gena
Rowlands is nominated for Gloria. a box of-
lice and critical disaster. And Goldie Hawn ts
up for Private Benjamin. a movie that's too
commercial to win. Moore deserves to wrn.

Jack Leinnron

and I think she will. Spacek is definitely a
dark horse.

Best Supporting Actor Is usually an easy'

pick. and this year is no exception. .iudd
Hirsch and Timothy Hutton are up for the
same film. Ordinary People. and they'll
cancel each other out. a phenomenon which
hefell Al Pacino and Jtrtrres Cirtm in

YEAR

the film would have bored iIiL‘ ltut llli‘ st'ti
isualtty was the point of the movie. tlllil for
that reason | just reveled in HIV
cinematography Barry Lyndon. bv l\'ubru'k.
was the last such film and I wire. Irvginmng to
worry about the state of the art til film

Altered States was another delight l lllfi' .r
good head trip every know and then,

In Raging Bull l was pleased to see u strin
not about u hem. not about on .rirti~lrcrri. not
even about u bud guy with n redeeming
quality or an excuse. but about it jerk-~n Iunl
honest to God louse of n liumnn being
was a gutsy thing to try rillil l believe
Scorcese. Robert DeNiro. mid wrist Mnrtm
Mardik and Paul Sclrrudcr' pulled it off

'l‘lrere's more. but I won't go on The point
is that though last year had its problems. lstrll
had fun watching movres /\i lretrrt l g ass

I‘. ..

I'm more of a "film frvuk" than a "film crt c.

      

 

The Godfather.‘ Michael O'Keefe is
nominated for The Great Santint. and the
same thing that's going to happen to Duvall
will happen to him. It's a pity In this case.
because O'Keefe's performance was tremen-
dous in a tremendous movie. Jason Robards
won‘t win for Meluin and Howard because
nobody's seen It, That leaves Joe Pesci for
Raging Bull. who will win for a stunning per-
formance.

Best Supporting Actress is a little tougher.
I‘m rooting for Mary Steenburgen. who
won't win for Meluin and Howard. mainly
because I’ve had a crush on her ever since I
saw Goln'South. The easy nominees to rule
out are E'va Le Gallienne for Resurrection

 

and Diana Scarwld for inside Moves —
upknown actresses in unknown movies. Tire
two contenders to take seriously are Cathy
Moriarty for Raging Bull and Eileen Brennan
for Private Benjamin. Here I think Brennan
will 'wln - the commercial aspects of Private
Benlamin won't hurt her as much as they will
Hawn because she's only in a supporting
role. and Brennan. being an established ac-
tress. might draw the attention of the voters.
who may be a bit nonplussed at a slate
featuring three total unknowns.

A category | get neurotically emotional
about is Best Cinematography. There are
two nominees this year I can only hope are
jokes — James Crabe. a second-rater. for
The Formula. a third rate movie. and Rail
Deller Bode. whose cinematography for
Coal Miner's Daughter was static and
uninspired. (And their wholly undeserved
nomination stole attention from a couple of
movies that deserved to be nominated and
weren't. such as Ordinary People. The Em-
pire Strikes Back and The Long Riders.)
These two can't win -— ljust won't believe it.
Nestor Alenreirdros. a superstar director of
photography probably won't win for The
Blue Lagoon. largley because he won only a
couple of years ago for Days of Heaven.

This leaves a real knock down-drag out
between two equally deserving nominees —
Michael Chapman for Raging Bull. and
Glrtslain Cloquet and the late Geoffrey
Unswrirth for Tess. Unsworth was one of the
best color cinematographers In the world.
and one of.the best-known and best-liked.
Some of his films Included 2001: A Space
Odyssey. Superman. and the perpetually
underrated A Bridge Too Far. He should
draw won for all of them. He died In Brittany
filming Tess. and as it was his last film. I think
that rntglrt give Tess the edge here. In any
event. both films deserve to wtrr.

Best Screenplay. either original or
adapted. never goes to the same film as Best
Picture. As Raging Brill wasn't even
nominated In the category and will probably
win Best Picture. Alvin Sargent is a slroo-in
for Ordinary People In the adaptation slate.
which also includes Jonathon Hardy. David
Steven and Bruce Bereslord for the acclaim-
ed Australian film Breaker ,Morant. Tom
Rickman for Coal Miner's Daughter.
Christopher DeVore. Eric Bergren and
David Lynch for The Elephant Man. and

   
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
     
   
   
   
     

Lawrence 8. Marcus and Richard Rush for
The Stunt Man. ‘
Best Original Screenplay doesn’t feature

‘ one obvious winner. like last year's winner.

Steve Tesich for Breaking Away. W.D.
Richter's Brubalrer script wasn’t that good.
Bo Goldman Is up for Meluin and Howard
— if only someone had seen that movie.
Jean Gruault Is nominated for Man Oncle
d‘Amertque. a French film. are you kidding?
Which leaves either Christopher Gore for
Fame which seems unlikely. and Nancy
Meyers. Charles Shyer and Harvey Miller for
Private Benjamin. This seems to be the best
bet.

In the minor; awards. expect either Fame

John Hurt

  
   

(Gerry Hambltng) or Raging Bull (Thelma

'Schoonmaker) to win best editing. and either
Tess or Kagemusha to win best Art Direc-
tion. Best Costume Design should go to Tess
or My Brllliant Career.

In musical award categories. Michael Gore
will probably win for Fame for Best Original
Score. and “9 to 5" should win Best Song.

Hopefully the special awards will be kept
down for once. but Henry Fonda. who's
never won an Oscar will be given a special
one. and The Empire Strikes Back. which
was shafted by the self-conscious
"We-justsdon't—care-about-commerclal-mo-
vies" Academy Is getttrrg a special award for
special effects. (This was a competitive
category last year. This year they apparently
couldn't find five films that had good enough
effects to be nominated.)

And that takes care of the awards. But
what about Hollywood itself? I don't think it's .
a dying institution. but a lot of people do.
and that's a fact of life. Are a lot of young
directors with huge egos and limited talent
really ruining the movies? Films are getting
Incrediblv expensive to make. and most of
the expensive ones of 1980 weren't worfh It.
The Blues Brothers wasn’t worth thirty
million dollars. and Flash Gordon wasn't
worth twenty five.

Still. with the exception of a few
megabudget monstrosltles like Raise the
Titanic and Flash Gordon. most of the big
movies made money. or at least broke even.
Enough people went to see them to make It
worthwhile to make them. At least from a
producer's standpoint. And as for quality.
you get good years and bad. Some of the 7
best directors In America and Europe are
making movies right now. so the next big
crop of films should be better.

The only thing i worry about Is the death.
of the small film. United Artists. one of the
largest distributors. has already gone on
record as saying they'll make fewer small-
budget films because they aren't profitable.
We can only hope that Heaven's Gate
changes their minds. And as long as a few
directors. like Robert Redford. believe In
small ftlrns. they'll be made — at least a few
of them. > ’

And there is one thing to be thankful for.
Reagan's in Walshington and not
Hollywood. And Bonzo wasn't nominated
for a thing. 0

 

 

