
i
.

 

.. Loam",.».<...Ws..s..w., ., .

colitmns

Budget Cuts:

SUNYIn Trouble

Mitchell A. Greebel

Hello. SUNYA. are you there? l hope so
because at the pace we're going. we won‘t
be here much longer. Oh. you're probably
wondering what this is leading up to. Well.
ifyou haven't heard about it yet. come next
semester, whoever is footing your college
education costs will. Once again our
chancellor. Clifton Wharton. and his pack
of governor appointed trustees, have decid-
ed to raise tuition from anywhere between
$l50 to $300.

Before you shrug off this amount. we
must also remember that at the same time.
room rent will increase an additional Sl50
again. An as if this isn't enough. board
rates are expected to increase 550 as well.

Obviously, with just a little quick math.
one an see that one year at SUNYA is now
going to cost in the vicinity of $4000. This
will make it one of the highest priced sup-
posed “statc supported" places of higher
education. The fact that education has to
suffer due to poor management. un-

concerned trustees and a back-patting
chancellor is an outrage. SUNY was
designed for the public sector. There will
always be private schools for those who can
afford them.

Right now. however. SUNY schools are
unfortunately not within the reach of every
person. And with the new Reagan ad-
ministration vve now can see that there will
be less money for student loans from the
Federal government. BEOG (Basic Educa-
tional Opportunity Grants) as well as
SUSTA (State University Student Tuition
Assistance) will be severely cut back. if not
totally eliminated. '*

in addition. we must consider the ex-
tremely high interest rates for loans which

vie are fortunate enough to receive.

Our gracious governor, Hush (I‘m up
for election in '82) Carey. has once again
issued a less than adequate budgct proposal
for the upcoming year. Some of his typical
shortcomings include the elimination of 200
faculty positions. the elimination of
SUSTA (which was solely dcsigned for
lower income families). inadequate funding
for building repairs and equimcnt
replacements. and probably his most ab-
surd proposal — asking the SUNY
Residence Staff to start paying $300 for
their room.

The repercussions of this whole mess are
obviously staggering. We are supposed to
have a board of individuals. who are our
l a

Cu tror Note Q‘HL’F

 

 

link to the governor and the legislature
(the chancellor and the board of trustees).
who send messages to the governor that we.
SUNY are quite capable of footing all ex-
penditures ourselves.

Our "link" has not attempted to come to
our aid. in fact they are our worst enemy.
The chancellor and the trustees have view-
ed the tuition hike as an easy way to raise
revenue. By increasing tuition they have.
quite ridiculously. told the governor that
we. the students are rich enough to make
ends meet. While Carey cuts the SUNY
system back. we are asked time and again to.
make up the difference. This signals to the
governor that in next year‘s budget. he can
continue to cut back. because. haven't we
always been asked to make up for their lack
of insight and understanding of what "state
supported public education" is.

Unfortunately. the governor, or pro-
bably his advisers. have devised a way to
split the students (through SASU) and the
faculty (through UUP) by way of money
manipulation. Wharton has said it simply.
we will either have a tuition increase or
more teachers will lose their jobs. Where
do we go from here? Well. the trustees. if
they do vote to raise tuition. must pass it
through the governor and legislature ﬁrst.
Wharton has already asked Carey to amend
his budget to allow for this tuition increase.

and we anltsl try to stop him in his tracks.
Unfortunately. the chance of getting Carey
to do anything acceptable towards the
SUNY \)‘~lclfl is probably a bit much to ask

for. ()ur nc\t \ls‘p is through the legislature- 2

This is \shcrc your part comes in. This is
\cry. véry important. The point cannot be
stressed L‘nuttyth. We‘ve inﬂuenced the
lcgtslaturc l‘clnre ultcn they restored the
2.1 million last year. and we must do it

again.
i * f

It education h what you want. then take
the time to stop and write a simple letter to
your distrth tcprcscntatives. Starting next
Monday. lilt‘tc will be an aggressive letter-
writing campaign from the quads during the
dtnncr lines. Those people sitting there are
there because they understand that a public
cducation is their right. and we. the
students. are obviously the only ones who
can do anything about it. Why don't those
of you who pass by these tables do
“yourself” a favor and write —- write —
write!

“WELLMY BROKER is er. GREMLIN. no if. GLlN so It

 

  

 

Mad as He'll

To the Editor: .
l shake my head in disgust at the events
of the past few weeks. President Ronald
Ray-gun is planning drastic cuts in federal
education assistance programs. like BEOG
and NDSL. while his ever expanding
defense budget nudges closer and closer to
$200 billion a year. Governor Carey is con-
tinuing his austere budget. which means
that if he doesn't slash at TAP and New
York State Higher Education Loans. the 12
percent inflation rate will. Chancellor
Wharton and his band of budget cutters
have raised your housing costs and are now
trying to hike your tuition by $300 per year.
Resident Assistants are facing a drastic cut
in compensation for their services. the cost
of textbooks is slowly going through the
roof and ARE WE MAD AS HELL
ABOUT 11‘? l. for one. don't know.
Vincent O’Leary may be the president of
SUNY at Albany. but on this campus
APATHY reigns -king. On all levels of
government. men are looking to slice great
chunks off their respective budgets. The
one thing that these men have in common is
that they are all looking for the path of least
resistance. President Reagan sees it in the
Department of Education. Governor Carey
sees it in the SUNY system. and Chancellor
Wharton sees it in each and every one of us.
Lend a hand in the ﬁght against the
510.000 a year college education . . . it‘s
not very far off. Do it because you believe
in an affordable education. Do it because
your kid brother or sister is only a year or
two away from college. Do it because inside
you really are mad 5 hell.
Scott Rothenberg

Debits and Credits

To the Editor:

in the spring of l979. i wrote a letter
commenting on the garbage left by a
number of students in the campus center
area. l had commented at the time that
students of the seventies lacked social con-
sciousness and were more interested in
debits and credits than the people sitting
next to them.

Since then i have received a lot of flak
about the letter and i would like to take this
opportunity to clarify my comments. At the
time. I meant that students in general were
more interested in their studies than in the
issues which dominated the late l960’s and
early l970's such as the environment and in-
ternational events. i did not mean to imply
that all of today's students are politically
apathetic: certainly NYPIRG and other

 

 

   

  

4&3",

Ill!

organizations attest to the fact thal many

students are active in politics.
Furthermore. I did not intend to tingle
out any discipline. nor did l intend in Ltln-
demn the career-orientation of tutluv't
students. l was not implying that llL'LOlin-
ting or business majors were responsible in;
the garbage left in the campus CCnicr ttrca-I
used the term debits and credits as an L'ltilnl‘
ple of the career orientation of collegi-
students. Undoubtedly. the people it}... 1...».
the beer cans and other garbage represented

a minority of students.
Ronald Turlellauh

 

Parking Dilemma

To the Editor:

1 am not one to become easily inccn‘wd
and being a junior here at Albany 1 haw an.
dured all the indiscritnination and
discrimination of the bureaucmtic machine
to which the student body is often ‘yub.
jected. On occasion. i do feel that thcy have
graciously extended themselves and bent
the generally stringent rules. Case lll point
being' the toleration of parking on the
Quads in the “Special Permit Area" bet-
ween Friday after ﬁve-thirty pm. and sit
am. Monday morning. I feel this IS wry
considerate of the Department of Public
Safety and l with many of my tt-llctt
students have enjoyed this privilege ltcmcn-
dously.

However. many of us had the union
tunate surprise of ﬁnding that we had hccn
ticketed early Sunday morning. i'L'b. 1.
Some had been ticketed around Ol’lL‘ u m.
and still others not at all. although they
were parked there the same time as 1

Like many of my fellow students. ! ‘2.’
been parking on the Quads dunn the
weekend without being ticketed iv.' a
number of years. Without warning
week. the Public Safety Depa.’

v‘.

capriciously ticketed cars on the Us 2

 

legal. was inconsistent with their trad.
policy. Out of common courtc~_\
fairness they could have put a notit‘i
in the ASP or notiﬁed SA. who in i
could have notiﬁed the students of th
tentions. It would have been in the best in-
tcrest of the students. and isn‘t that .aim
they are here to promote and protect.

The purpose of the "Special P;
Area" is for the faculty and those Sludcnls
with special permits. Ticketing during th‘
week deters mass mobs of commuters from
using this area. On the weekends, hum-act,
there are few commuters or {mull}
members on campus and aliO‘vlltlg the
students to park on the Quads Wallis.“ a
service and convenience to the quad
residents.

Without waming the students of lilt‘ sn-
forcemcnt. i feel that the students were un-
fairly punished and therefore. the llc‘ikt‘li
should be given suspended ﬁnes, it‘ not
voided. i also strongly feel that the Public
Safety Department should continue to PM
vide the students with this privilege. It :hc)
do. however. plan on stn'ctly enforcing the
regulations on weekends. I request that the)
“Olify the student body of this sudden .tnd
drastic change in policy.

 
 

k-

 

Peter Anlosnll

SA Affair

To the Edltor:

For some time now it has been hinted .u.
talked about behind closed doors. .ttnl
skillfullv withheld from the public m n
can be no longer. The students descnc In
knots — the SA Affair l\ on. .

The success of this two-day event tum
with you. No longer can anyone ju>llli.li‘|l
have the audacity to say not enough is twins
done for students. The bottom line l\ )0“
do for Yourself. More than anyone clsct W”
Shape your reality and create your tw-
periences. For that reason alone you one II
‘0 Yourself to accept this invitation.

At the Student Association Groul‘ N”
you won‘t ﬁnd any prosclytizing. nor an)
coercive forces pounding your con-
sciousness. What you will ﬁnd art- so mine

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Torso.” by Roberta Mllltello. at .the University Art Gallery

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

The Clash and

others on 6-7a.

 
 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 
 
  

P o I l t l c a t
‘ Philosophy and
.‘.  ‘ Humor: Cover-
/ ” lug tho ‘bnoea on
' 3a.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

