:L
i,
'V‘ .
'.

 

 

 

 

 

/

 

% Musician...

 

 

National Stadium Bombed

KARACHI. Pakistan (AP) An explosive device went off
at Karachi’s national stadium packed with 100,000 peo-
ple yesterday. minutes before Pope John Paul it arrived»
to celebrate a Mass. Police said it was a bomb and killed
the man who carried it and seriously injured his two ac-
complices. There was no indication tlte pope was told of
the explosion, which occurred in a stairWell while a choir
sang. He delivered a 90-minute homily on Christian and
Mosiem respect and understanding, circled the cricket
field in a jeep to wave at the cheering crowd. accepted
gifts and left for Manila-the next stop on his Far East
tour. Police tentatively identified one of the victims as a
Pakistani Christian but it was unclear whether the pon-
tiff was their intended target. A West European
diplomat. who asked not to be identified. said the explo-
sion was “small” but "deafening." it occurred in a
stairwell that led to seating for diplomats. Tlie diplomat
said he earlier saw two of the men. including tlte one
who died. trying to slip by guards to the dignitaries'
reviewing stand. “i saw these two young chaps previous-
ly trying to get in." he said. "One of them had a bag
under his shoulder." The diplomat said one of the iti-
jured was a middle-aged man whose pants caught fire.
American vice consul Tim Kane draped his shirt over the
man's wounds before the victim was carried from the
blood-sputtered concrete stairwell.

Koch Charges Mistake

NEW YORK (AP) Mayor Edward l. Koch said Monday
he thought the Reagan administration was making "a
terrible mistake" in proposing tti eliminate Comprehen—
sive Employment Training Act jobs. Speaking at tltc an-
nual meeting of the Association ofTowns of tire State of
New York. the mayor said such a move would put
thousands of able-bodied workers back on welfare. “I
think that's a terrible mistake.“ he told about 1.000
local public officials in the grand ballroom of the New
York Hilton Hotel. “instead of having them do produc-
the work. you put them back onto the welfare system."
he said. The mayor also urged the officials to back his
proposal for the death penalty for murder. He also said
he could go along with Governor Hugh Carey's pro-
posal that murderers be imprisoned for life as another

 

 

 

at. "i am for both bills." he said.

tion for. unishme
‘o‘ll, don’t tiiink everybody should be executed. i think

some who murder should be in jail for the rest of their

lives." “The Old Testament supports it.” Koch said.“
“‘Thc New Testament supports it.,The United States
Supreme Court supports it and so does the pope. and
for me that’s good government." State Comptroller Ed- ‘
ward V. Regan drew applause when he sardhe was op-
posed to state mandates without state funding. State
mandates ought to be prohibited." he said. “unless the
state will pay for them."

Terrmrists Hit Embassy

PARIS (AP) Terrorists smashed two rockets into the
South Yemen Embassy early Monday in what they claim
is retaliation for a deadly synagogue bombing. Tlte
thunderous explosions awakened the fashionable
neighborhood and heavily damaged the embassy but
caused no injuries. “We claim the action against the
South Yemen Embassy in the name of all victims of Rtrc
Copernic," said the French-language recording played
over the telephone to the Agence France-Pressc news
agency. “We have left a sigrt of ottr attack next to where
the rockets were launched. Remember Copernic." The
Copernic synagogue bombing October 3 killed three
passers-by and one worshipper and injured 20 people in
one of the most violent of recent anti-Semitic incidents
in the French capital. The bomb exploded minutes
before the service inside was about to end. There hate
been no arrests in the case. “Remember Copernic" was
scrawled in Englislt on a note police found along with
two empty rocket-launching tubes near the embassy of
the small. Soviet-backed Arab nation. It was riot clear
why the South Yemen Embassy was singled out for
Monday’s attack. investigators said they believctl‘lltc
nighttime attack was the work of three people with ex-
pertise iii explosives but they had no clues to their identi-
ty. The dual launching was triggered by timing devices.
police said.

Interview Reveals Truce

WARSAW. Poland (AP) In an unprecedented interview
with ti Polish government newspaper. a union official
was quoted Monday as saying the nation‘s new regime
may previde opporrtrnity for a lasting truce between the
government anti the independent labor movement.
Government officials worked to resolve two lengthy sit-
in protests by Polish farmers and students demanding
independent unions. A spokesman for striking students
in Lodz said the strikers were ready to sign an agreement
and avert ti threatened nationwide strike. btrt it was not
immediately clear if such art agreement had been ap-

 

 

proved by the government. Poland’s government-owned
newspaper Zycie Warszawy, in what appeared to be a
conciliatory move. carried a front-page interview with
Karol Modzelewskl. a spokesman and policy maker for
Poland's largest independent union. Solidarity. The
publication of the interview with Modzclewski. who
serVed six years in prison for criticizing the now.
discredited regimes oleadyslaw Gomulka and Edward
Gierek. was noteworthy in itself because the Solidarity
official had recently been criticized by the army
newspaper and the party organ Trybuna Latin for tak-
ing extreme positions on labor matters. in the interview.
the union spokesman said the new government providut
an opportunity for a “truce not for three months hut to,
good."

Ofﬁce Closed for P033

BINGHAMTON. N.Y. (AP) A multi-rnillion dollar
state office building may be kept slitrt for months or
even years. officials directing the clean-up of toxic l’till.
laden soot now say. A prc-dawn explosion on l-ch. 5
spewed more tltan a thousand gallons of cltcrtticuh con.
raining polychlorinatcd bipbenyls into an electrical utili»
ty roorn at a three-building government complex little.
The state office IOWcr'S ventilation system picked up
smoke and distributed it throughout the sll'ttcltrtc's 1x
floors. Authorities at first hoped to be able to [cotton
the building Tuesday. but said on Monday the problem
was considerably more serious than first lllOlIghl. “it's
going to be a ntuclt. much larger job than we first
thought.” said Dr. Arnold Schccter. liroomc ('orllll'.‘
Health Commissioner. “Every hidden space on all til
floors is contaminated-every desk. cvcry light fixture, in
the air conditioning’ system anti the air titlt‘l‘r put
everything." He described the cleanup cl'l'orl now its u
"niulti-year. multi-million dollar job." More than 7hr!
state employees are working out of temporary offices Ill
Brootnc County. The Binghnmton City Hall illtti lilt'
Broomc County Office Building. which share the
government complex with the state building, were not
exposed to the soot and have been reopened. (her lltt'
weekend. health monitors discovered that clean up
crews were bringing traces of PCB‘s out of tire lililltllllt’
on their shoes and clothing. Some of the chemical tor.
detected iii the City Hall next door. the emergency llk‘illl
quarters for the decontamination. Schcctcr said he is ad
vising that the cleanup now be stopped for a while to let
clothes lockers and showers installed be at the silt' \ll
“everyone corriirtg in or out can be decontaminated,"
“Evert tliottglr the amount is sttiall. we don't “.1”!
PCB's brought ottt of the state building into tlmttrloutt
Binghamton.” Schcctcr said.

 

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Poetry Contest Set

A “.000 grand prize will be awarded in the special
Poetry Competition sponsored by World of Poetry. u
quarterly newsletter for poets.

Poems of all styles and on any subject are eligible to
compete for the grand pri/c or for 49 other cash or mer-
chandise awards. totaling over $l0.000.

Said Contest Chairman. .loseph Mellon. “We are cri—
couraging poetic talent of every kind. and expect otir
contest to prodticc exciting discoveries."

Rules and official entry forms are available from the
\ggrl'l-Id of Poetry. Dept. N. Sacramento. California

Course Deadlines Cited

Undergraduates should be reminded that Thursday.
February l9 is the last day to select A-E or S/U grading
in semester courses that are normally graded A-E. A
green “S/U. A~E Grading Option Authorization" card
must be turned into the Registrar‘s Office by that date.

Also, Friday. February 20 is the last day to withdraw
(drop) from third quarter courses. A program adjust-
ment card. signed by the instructor. must be submitted
to the Registrar by that date. There is no provision to
drop third quarter courses after February 20; students
officially enrolled after that date will receive art
academic grade as assigned by the instructor.

Gold to Shine at Telethon

Sophomore Brian Gold's composition “Taking Time
to Care” has been selected as the theme song for
Telethon '81. Gold was also last year‘s winner of the
competition. new setting a shameless monopolizution
trend in theme song awards . >

Gold commented that he “had an excellent timelast
to and to be such a big part of Telethon was an in

 

 

credible experience. I

“I wanted to be it big part of it this year as well." he
explained.

Lyricist Rick lludtl‘s only comment was “i just
wantctl it to rhyme."

(ioltl's composition is not yet immortalized on paper.
since be neither reads n‘or writes music. Gold taught
himself to play piano "by car“ three years ago anti now
frequents the entertainment lists of the Motive/mp and
freeze-Drier] C Gillie/tome.

—Susan Milli'gan

Minority Performers Sought

An annual directory of American minority per-
formers. Th“ Mirrorin I’t'rfiirlrtt’m' Guide is expected to
be published by July l. 19!“.

According to The Minori/y I’erformers' Guide Prcsi»
dent Lorrie Davis. tltc gtiidc will bring together casting
people and minority performers.

“I want a complete representation of all minority
groups. including Orientals. Ameri an Indians. Blacks.
and Hispanics." Davis said. Specifically. she is looking
for singers. dancers. acrobats. actors. night club per-
formers. sports figures. musicians. tirodcls. specialty
acts. ventriloquists. anti ntimes who want to be included
in the guide for a minimal fee.

Pictures and resumes for the guide rntrst be rcceivetl
by May IS. 198]. Applications can be obtained at The
Minorin Performers' Guide. 47 West 36 Street. New
York. N.Y. room. or by calling (2l2) 279-0794.

Marathon is This Weekend

Getting tired of Sneaky Pete's? This weekend. for a
change of pace. join Telethon ‘81 for its second annual
Dance Marathon in the Carnptrs Center Ballroom.

The marathon will begin at 8 p.m. Friday and will end
Saturday at 8 p.m. Food and refreshments will be pro-
vtded. Dancers can pick tip sponsor sheets at tltc (
pus Center information Desk.

Prizes will be awarded for the couple and SA groti
that collects the most money for Telethon. and to Ill:
wrnncrs of several dance contests held during the 24
hours. 7

Proceeds will be donated to the Parkliurst Children‘s
Shcllcr in SChenccmdy and the New York Special 0| ' “
pics Area 10. 3

‘mn-

In-

For more information. call Jody. 457-7952. Muti..1
482-5275. or Rich. 455-6984.

P.S. Dancers will be given rest periods during the Lt
hours.

Free Films to be Shawn

A slide and sound program.“Tlie Sound of a Fat (ill
Drum: The Black Experience in the Upper Hudson
Valley." will be shown today in the Albany Public
Library. This free presentation will be held at 12: l5 p.m.
in the Library's l6l Washington Averttic branch.

The film “Leadbelly” will also be shown at llll\
branch today. “Leadbelly.” a musical biography or the
legendary blues/folksingcr. is a free presentation lrcr-ru
ning at 2 and 8 p.m.

New Major Offered

A new major is now available for tindergraduutt-s. \
faculty-initiated interdisciplinary major with a court“
lration in Women‘s Sttttiics has been approved in “W
Undergraduate Academic Council. chtlit'ctttcttls It”
the program may be obtained from Chris lime. Pro
gram Director. or from the Center for Uudcrgurduurt~
Education (CUE).

Elections Announced

Tlic following is a list of candidates running in the
l-cbrutrry ill. 1‘). and 20 replacement elections:
Central Council University Senate
Off-Campus (4) Dutch (2)
Robert liolchctti Steven Kastcll
Lisa ()rgcra lra Coleman
Carol liermnn Scott Rothcnbcrg
Michael Reedy Cdrcy Buntlcs
Indian (l) Rich .lcnis
Neil Saffcr Steve licrkowit/
State (2) Lauretttt Pupe
Gary Escoda Steven (il‘osss
Bill Viscovich State (I)
John Lucas Grcg Serio
Alumni (I) Rob Saunders
.Iohu l). Cooper Colonial (ii
l’hll Gentile
Gabrielle (icrhurtl
Indian (1)

 

 

Gail Goltlsrein

_._./

February 17, 1.981

by Ken Gordon

A new parent loan program may
be in operation by July l98l, accor-
ding to the U.S. Department of
Education.

The proposed program will
enable parents of dependent New
York State residents to borrow tip
to $3.000 per academic year. at a
limit of $l.500 for CilCll
undergraduate dependent. The iii
tcrcsl rate would be nine percent.

Both students and parents will bc
able to borrow in the same
academic ycttr. but the coutbiticd
amount cannot exceed the unmet
cost of the student‘s education.

According to the U.S. Depart»
ment of Education. an “eligible
dependent" tiitist be in good
academic standing and utteiitl at
least part-tithe tr college. university
or vocational institution that par-
ticipates in the Guaranteed Strident
Loan Program."

in order for this program to be

implemented. the New York State
Legislature must pass a bill amen-

ding the Education Law to include
parents as possible recipients of
guaranteed loans. said Assistant to
the Governor's Council Richard
Briffnult. Attorney in Council for
the Higher Education Services Cor-
poration Fred Sclrreyer said that
although the bill does not have a
high priority aritl has not yet been
introduced irt tltc legislature. there
is "no reason to doubt that the
legislation should be passed.“ He
added that itiinor preparations.
such as corriptitcr changes. have
begun in anticipation of its passage.

it is estimated that the proposal
will be introduced sometime next
week. and will then proceed into the
Subcommittee on Higher Educa-
tion.

According to SUNYA Director
of Financial Aid Donald Whitlock.
this program was created under the
higher education amendments of

Albany Student Press

1980. The parent loan proposal was
originally submitted to Governor
Hugh L. Carey.

The program would be ad-
ministered by the Higlicr Education
Services Corporation. which cur-
rently administers the Guaranteed
Studcrtl Loans Program. Whitlock
said.

He also outlined sortie proposed
revisions in the Basic Educational
Opporturtity Grunt (lilEOCi) pro-
gram which would eliminate the
current restrictions put upon tltc
reception or financial ttitl by off—
crimpus students.

“Students off campus will be
trblc to receive ritorc nitl." Whillock
said. “providctl tltc Reagan Ad-
ministration doesn't knock the hell
otit of the whole program.

“We know we‘re going to feel
pain. btrt how much Congress will
stand still for l just don't know."
ltc added.

A.S.U. Students Sue Universities

MONTGOMERY. Al. (CPS) Try-
ing to escape the dismal fate of
most black colleges in states where
federal desegregation programs
have been enforced. a group of
faculty members. students. and
graduates of predominantly-black
Alabama State University has sued
to take over the administration of
Auburn and Troy State tiniversitics.
which are also irt Montgomery.

in its lawsuit. the group asserts
that the state "has not only failed to
dismantle the dual system of higher
education in Montgomery." but
has tried to keep all three schools
"racially identifiable" by making
sure that “white sttidcrtts would not
be attracted to ASU."

Federal efforts to dcsegrcgate

    

_..
'i 4x

.at‘ , y
! \ \._ '

l  63,9
SUNYA Student .A

' H - President Sue Gold

colleges in other states have focused
on eliminating "duplicate" col-
lege programs within certain
geographic areas. in practice. the
policy has effectively drained
historically-black colleges of their
best students. who find themselves
enrolled at neighboring.
predominantly-white schools.

To prevent that from happening
in Montgomery. the ASU group
proposes that the three local col-
leges be merged into one school
under the ASU administration.

The idea is not a new one. in
December, l979. the Alabama
Commission on Higher Education
suggested a merger of the three col-
leges. None of the governing boards
of the colleges wanted to go along

photo: Iluh Lrllnard

 

She said lire bridge! format has worked wilh success in Ihe past.

with the idea. however.

This time, they may have to
cooperate. Soon after the ASU
group filed its suit. tltc U.S. Depart-
ment of Education warned
Alabama educators that they had
made unsatisfactory progress in get-
ting rid of their old separatist col-
lege system.

The warning letter told the
Alabama commission it must
change “white colleges and black
colleges into just colleges."

The commission must submit a
new desegregation plan for ac-
complishing that to the Dept. of
Education by March 7. if it fails.
Alabama colleges could theoretical-
ly lose all their federal funding.

The same warning. issued in the

     

New Federal Parent Loan Ptogram is Proposed

 

Page Three

  

fix

SUNYA I)lrector of Financial Aid Donald Whitloek """"" “PS
He [)rt’llit'l.\‘ more air/fur tiff-campus sludenls

waning (lays of the Carter atl-
ntinistrution. went to higher educa-
tion commissions iti Kentucky.
Missouri. Pennsylvania and l lorida.

'l‘lic Dept. of Education‘s Office
of Civil Rights (OCR) determined
that Pennsylvania‘s anti Florida‘s
previously-approved desegregation
plans were not working.

The OCR also told Kctitticky and
Missouri higher education officials
that it had found traces of segrega~
tion in their systems.

At the same time. Dept. of
Education Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights Cynthia Brown formal-
ly accepted Texas‘ new desegrega-
tion plan.

While recognizing Tcxas' efforts
to “comply voluntarily with the
law." Brown said college-level
segregation still exists in as many as
ten states.

“Additional vestiges of” segrega-
tion could be found in the way
states allocate money to black and

white schools “sharing sevicc
areas.“ she wrote.

The latter “vestigc” is what con-
cerned the Alabama State group.
which charged in its suit that it is
identifiany a black college because
the state duplicated the university's
programs at Auburn and Troy
State.

Only days after the Carter ad-
ministration issued its warnings to
Alabama and the other four states.
new Secretary of Education Tcrrel
Bell promised the Senate “a
dramatlc change“ in desegregation
policies.

At his confirmation hearings.
Bell cited the government‘s
“responsibility to comply with the
law.“ but hoped the Reagan ad-
ministration could strike a balance
between being “too oppressive"
and “giving in and undermining
progress already made toward
equalizing educational opportuni-
ty."

SA Committee to Begin Budget

by Dave Lunis

The preliminary meetings of the
SA Budget Committee begin
tonight, with the actual hearings
tentatively scheduled to begin on
Sunday. according to SA President
Sue Gold.

These hearings will deterrnirtc
how much caclt of the l02 SA
recognized organizations will
receive of the nearly $550,000 allot-
ted for the groups this year.

The students chosen for the com-
mittee. Gold said. come “from
diverse groups with varied
backgrounds so that they are
representative of many facets of the
student body at SUNYA."

Each. group requesting money
must submit a list to the committee
which describes. in an itemized

fashion. the amount of money it
will need for the upcoming
semester.

“It's a detailed list." said Budget
Committee Chair John Suydam,
"in which the monetary requests
range from working equipment to
advertising costs to party supplies.“

This list will be presented before
the budget committee. which first
votes on each individual item and
then on the group's budget as a
whole.

The reviewing process is later
turned over to the SA's executive
branch. where Gold. SA Vice Presi-
dent Brian Levy. and Controller lra
Somach examine the various
budgets and make any changes they
deem necessary. However. the final
allocations are not officially ap-

Nine Groups Meet at Gay Conference

by Bruce J. Lieber '

Approximately 40 representatives
front nine gay and lesbian organiza-
tions in the SUNY system gathered
at SUNYA this past weekend to
discuss policies relating to gay
rights.

According to SUNYA Gay and
Lesbian Alliance President Mike
McPartlin. the conference was
designed to tuiify the various SUNY
grty organizations. The primary
goal of the organizations present
was to obtain a policy statement

from SUNY Chancellor Clifton

gays in all SUNY schools will be ad-

ntinistered. he added.

Wharton. Jr. recognizing and pro-
hibiting discrimination based on
sexual preference throughout the
SUNY system.

A SUNY-wide policy statement
would be similar to the statement
prohibiting sex discrililillalig’liLlltdl new “Ck

) c." cut Vincent cary ' . '
 campus last year, The necessity of gays and lesbians;
McPartlin said. to unite nationally for tire repeal 0

To show Wharton that such a discriminatory laws was discussed
policy statement is necessary. a by'lhc wasltingtori..D'.C. Gaiy ac—
suery of campus attitudes towards lrvtst Alliance PrCSldLlil ant u-

“A survey will show that
discrimination exists statewide.“
McPartlin explained. "and it will
force Whttrtorr to deal with it."

According to McPartlin. the
survey could be released as early as

tional Gay Task Force Board
member Melvin Boozer.

Boozer interpreted what he feels
is a growing reaction frotn the cori-
servatives as a mark of success for
homosexuals.

“The reaction shows that guys
are moving in the right direction.
and are firinlly being heard." he
said.

Boozer also expressed confidence
that the next five years would leave
homosexuals better off.

proved until Central Council rc-
cxaniincs and modifies budgets as
they find suitable.

Said Suydam. "lt's somewhat of
a three-prong process. with the
power of budget adjustment being
transferred from one branch of the
government to another. Consc-
qucntly. this serves to provide a
series of checks and balances."

Yet the process of budget alloca-
tions tiocs not end with the Central
Council‘s decisions. Each organiza-
tion is required a specified percen-
tage of their budget to return to SA.
The amount which the group must
make through fundraising events.
such as donut sales arid movie spon-
sorships. is known as an income
line.

The income line has a two-fold
purpose. according to Suydam. “it
motivates the groups to generate
revenue which cart be returned to
SA. and it serves to get the groups
to work together in a cooperative
atmosphere towards a common
goal."

Commented Gold. “By getting
the groups to return a portion of

l their funds to SA. the income line
nets to expand our existing money
supply so that we can use the money
we do have in the ntost resourceful
way possible."

In trinity other universities. such
ilS SUNY Binghamton. the budget
committee merely upportlons what
Gold referred to as a “lump sum"

continued on page ten

 

 

 

 

 



