  
  

mam-W Fem; v'

.44..

 

 

3" .1»...
W

 

 

 

 

 

\

A

 

 

.,.~,...zr.r

'Wonld . Capsules

(no

 

 

 

 Seeks Investigation

MERIDEN. Conn.(AP) Protesters who pelted Ku Kn.
Klansmen with rocks and bottles in an assault that left at
least 25 people injured were part of “a clear-cut con-
spiracy to deny us our rights to free speech and freedom
of assembly," says a national Klan leader. Bill Wilkin-
son, imperial wizard of the Invisible Empire, Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan. said 'he hoped to meet today with
Justice Department officials to request that they in-
vestigate the Saturday violence by “cowardly com-
munists." “We want to do all we can to see that the peo-
ple involved are investigated and hopefully indicted,"
Wilkinson said Sunday surrounded by heavily armed
police. A female Klan member remained in guarded con-
.dition today at Yale-New Haven Hospital after surgery
for head injuries suffered when she was hit by a brick.
Her name was not released. Others who Were injured.
including five Klan members and 19 police ofﬁcers. were
given hospital treatment and released or did not require
treatment. The Klan rally was called in support of a
white police ofﬁcer who recently killed a young black
man suspected of shoplifting. The officer contends the
man tried to run him down with a car.

Chicago Mayor Relocates

CHICAGO. lllnols (AP) Some officials were praising
Mayor Jane Byrnc for her courage and others were ac-
cusing her of grandstanding after Chicago's chief ex-
ecutive ofﬁcer announced she will start looking for an
apartment Tuesday in a crime-plagued public housing
project. The mayor and her husband and political ad-
viser, Jay McMullen. are moving from their luxury Gold
Coast apartment to Cabrini Green. where l0 people
have been killed in the past two months. Mrs. Byrnc said
she will move to “prove that those who live decently can
live there." She said she will stay “as long as it takes to
clean it up." Cabrini Green is a 70-acrc complex on the
Near North Side. Police blame the violence on armed
gangs warring for control of drug trafﬁcking and pro-
stitution. and routinely shaking down tenants for
"protection" money. A 28-member task force was ap-
pointed last week to patrol the st high-rise buildings and
rowhouses. '

SALT Review Postponed

WASHINGTON (AP) The Reagan administration is
postponing technical talks with the Soviet Union on liv-
ing up to the original SALT treaty while taking a first
step toward new negotiations on nuclear arms control in
Europe. Administration ofﬁcials said Sunday night that
the lack of someone to head the U.S. delegation and a
need for further preparation necessitated a postpone»
ment of the SALT review, which had quietly been plan-
ned to begin Wednesday in Geneva. “It's not a major,

 

 

 

/.

I

substantive development." said one official, who asked
not to be identified; He explained, that Robert
Buchhelm. who had headed the U.‘S. delegatidn. resign-
ed at the end of.the Carter'administratlon‘and‘has yet to
be replaced. The two sides have'rpet'ttvice 'a year since
former President Nixon and Soviet leader Leonid I.
Brezhnev signed the treaty at a Moscow summit in I972,
placing restriction on some nuclear weapt‘ms systems.
The meetings provide a forum for exchanging corn-
plaints about possible violations and other technical m-

" formation. While this week's SALT session has,been

postponed. sources here said the Reagan administration
has agreed to send adelegation to Brussels later this
month to map plans with West. European allies on
_reducing nuclear missiles in Europe. ’

Park Drilling Opposed

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) An environmentalgroup says it
will oppose state plans to drill for oil and gas in three
state parks in western New York. Bernard Melewski.
director of the Environmental Planning Lobby, a coali-
tion of environmental groups. said this weekend that his
organizatiOn will ask the state to call an immediate halt
to ils‘park-drilling program. "Legally we feel they are
ﬂying by the seat of their pants." Mclewski said. “We
studied the Environmental Conservation Law and con-
clude that the parks drilling program is clearly illegal."
Drilling is scheduled to begin this spring in Lake Erie
State Park and Darien Lakes States Park. The state Of-

 

’ fice of General Services also has announced successful

bidders for drilling leases for Allegheny State Park.
Melcwski said his organization found an I943 state at-
torney general‘s opinion that seems to ban drilling in
Allegheny State Park without legislative authorization.

Polish Call Off Strike

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Solidarity’s Warsaw chapter
called off a two-hour warning strike today after the
Communist Party Politburo accused the independent
labor federation of “creating a state of anarchy" with
its protests against the beating of union leaders by police
last week. Solidarity‘s national leaders announced a
meeting today in Bydgoszcz. where the police action
took place. The union called on all local chapters to
refrain from strike actions until the leaders decided what
to do. Solidarity‘s Warsaw local, the largest in the coun-
try. said it would remain on strike alert and act accor-
ding to the decisions of the national- union leaders.
Meanwhile. Warsaw Radio reported that General Wo-
jcicch Jaruzelski, Poland's premier and defense
minister. met Sunday in southern Poland with other
Warsaw Pact commanders directing the Soviet-lllock
spring maneuvers now under way in Poland and its com-
mttnist neighbors. Ofﬁcials in liydgoszcz. an industrial
city I70 miles northwest of Warsaw, ordered the police
to clear a union delegation out of the city hall last Thurs-
day aftcr government representatives suspended talks on
unionization demands by farmers holding a sit-in at the
local headquarters of the pro-communist United
Peasants' Party. About 200 police went into action. and
three of the Solidarity men were beaten so badly they
had to be hospitalized.

 

 

 

 

. ' I ‘

Court Upholds Rape Low

WASHINGTON (AP) A divided Supreme Court ruled
today that- state “statutory rape" laws do not
discriminate against men. and that states may require
parents to be notified when a daughter seeks an abor-
tion. By a five to four vote. the justices upheld a Califor-
nia law that makes it a crime for'men or boys to have
sexual intercourse with consenting females not yet 18.
The court's majority said the' law does not represent a
form of unconstitutional sex discrimination just because

' women and girls cannot be charged with the same crime

for having sex with boys not yet 18. In a separate. six to
three decision, the high court upheld a Utah law which
requires parental notiﬁcation in abortion cases. The law
was challenged by a girl identiﬁed only as “HL.” who
sought an abortion in l978 at the age of IS. Within the
first three months of pregnancy, she challenged the law
in court because she did not want her parents to be told,
but Utah courts upheld the law. Her lawyer said she left
Utah and had the abortion elsewhere. The high court's
opinion by Chief Justice Warren E. Burger said the
court in the past had ruled it was unconstitutional for
states to legislate "a blanket, unreviewablc power of
parents to veto their daughter'spbortion.” but he said a
simple requirement of parental notification “does not
violate the constitutional rights of an immature. depen-
dent minor."

Senate to Vote on Budget

WASHINGTON (AP) Reagan's economic program hits
Congress in force this week, with his proposal to scrap
.an increase in dairy subsidies headed for final action and
the bulk of his multibillion-dollar budget cuts ready for
preliminary Senate approval. 'Qte Senate was debating
both issues yesterday. By week’s end. the dairy subsidy
bill could be on Reagan's desk and his budget cuts could
be through the Senate. The bill to eliminate a scheduled

 

v April I increase in the dairy price supports — saving the

government an estimated $l47 million and sparing con-
sumers an increase of as much as a dime on some pro-
ducts — is scheduled for a Senate vote Tuesday. The
House is to vote on it later this week. Leaders in both
parties predict the measure will clear easily. If so, it
would be a clear victory for the president in the ﬁrst
skirmish of his campaign to restrain governtnent spen-
ding nnd cut taxes.

 

Ah Spring . . .

 

Correction

A byline for the article titled "Board Rates to Increase
ll 3/4 Percent" in the 3/20/8l issue ol' the ASP was

omitted. The author of that article is Bruce Liebcr

1

 

 

 

CAMPUS Bniefs

 

 

‘ Sociologists Meet

Distinguished sociologists from around the countrv.
will gather at SUNYA this April 3 and 4 for a conference
termed by Department of Sociology Chair Nan Lin as
“unprecedented and not likely to be repeated."

“Never before have so many of the leading scholars in
the ﬁeld been brought together," said Lin.

The major topic at the conference will be the con-
tributions of network analysis to structural sociology.
“Network analysis." Lin explained. “is the study of
how interpersonal relationships (networks) represent
social structure.

“By studying the relationships within and between
networks, we can better understand, for example, the
use of power. allocations of resources for various pur-
poses. and philanthropy," Lin said.

Conference sessions will begin Friday morning, April

I 3, at the University’s Alumni house.

Food Co-op Joins Boycott

The SUNYA Food Co-op disposed of its remaining
Nestle products this Week in a sign‘of solidarity with the
growing international boycott of Nestle products.

The boycott, which is being coordinated in the United
States by the Infant Formula Action Coalition
(lNFACT). has been waged due to Nestlc's‘uncthical
promotion of infant formulas in the third world, accor-
[ling to an lNFACT release. Nestle and other com-

 

panies' aggressive marketing tactics have caused

widespread malnutrition. brain damage and death
among infants in developing nations, the release stated.

The Co-op had ten cans of Libby‘s Sauerkraut. a Nes-
tle product, on its shelves. The sauerkraut has been
donated to two homes for destitute men and women in
the South End of Albany.

lNFACT organizer Scott Sommer was pleased with
the Co-op's decision to get rid of the Nestle products.
“It was accomplished by having students speak to

‘ various Co-op managers and sign a petition which was

displayed next to the sauerkraut." he said. “It is
another symbol of the growing concern among students
for international corporate responsibility."

Postal Rate has Increased

If you're planning on mailing letters home or to
friends in the near future. remember that as of this past
Sunday the postal rate has increased from I5 to Iii cents
for ﬁrst class mail.

Drawing on Walls Allowed

If you‘ve never gotten over your desire to draw on the
walls. the SUNYA Art Department is now offering you
the opportunity to vent your artistic creativity.

Paper has been put up in the halls and stairways of the
Art Building and everyone from the university com-
munity is invited to draw'. Each week there will be a dif-
ferent motif; this Week's mass graffiti session will focus
on penguins. ,

Happy Doodling.

It’s Time to Drop Again

If you still haven't dropped that course you despise.
time is running out. Friday. March 27 is the last day for
undergraduates to drop individual courses' for this

semester.

The grade of "W" no longer exists unless a student
withdraws from the university. Anyone officially enroll-
cd in a course after March 27 will receive the academic
grade as assigned by the instructor. even if you lime
stopped attending classes.

So grab your little blttc cards and pay the registrar u
visit today.

\ Lobbying Effort Planned

An intensive lobbying program aimed at closing down
Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant is being organized by
the New York Public Interest Research Group
(NYPIRG) while the plant is under the unprecedented
scrutiny of NRC plant safety hearings.

All registered voters from New York City.
Wcstchester, Putnam. Rockland. Orange and Nussuu
counties are needed to attend three workshops, designed
to teach the past history of Indian Point. the present
situation of the nuclear power plant. and how to lobby
legislators.

The workshops will be held Monday. March 30 at 9
p.m.; Wednesday, April 1 at 9 p.m.; and Monday. April
6 at 9 pm. All workshops will be held in CC 382. unless
otherwise noted.

For more information contact Lisa Schwartz or Jodi
DeVido at 457-4623. ,

Sherman’s War on Testing

The war against standardized testing will be discussed
this Thursday at the Humanities Coffeehouse.
SUNYA Professor Sherman will talk about Ralph

Nader's report and reaction concerning standardized

tests. what can bc determihed from these test scores. and
what the statistics really mean.

., The presentutlori will be held at ll pm. March 26 in
Social Science 388. All are welcome to attend.

N

 

 

' March 23;.198'1- “7 ’ 57'"

    

The new WCDB General “

phutut Mike Fuller

BlilC " ’ '

 

.. . .. . -
I In very , aboul the fulure of [he slalion. ”

lilti

. .....__ ...-......... -7... W. ._..

)‘l u .‘r i -i ‘o «no bin" ” 371m} )".I

“Albany Student Press

.. gawtww..."mwhm_ _......-.....— — 4......" a M, ....V.., .,

.l riitttrn

 

 

by Nora Kirby

Bill Goodfriend. a junior, was
elected as general manager of
WCDB. SUNYA's radio station,
last Friday.

"I'm very optimistic about the
future of the station," said Good-
friend. “I expect to broaden our
scope with the advent of 100 watts
as well as continuing and solidifying
our commitment to the college com-
munity."

Goodfriend was elected by the ex-
ecutive committee of the radio staa
tion and by anyone who attended
ten meetings held by the station in
what Jim Diamond present general
manager of WCDB. called the
closest election in WCDB history.
According to Diamond. the ﬁrst
vote was a tie with seven votes for

Study Reports on Vets ’ Problems

NEW YORK. NY (AP) Nearly one-
fourth of the men who say heavy
combat in Vietnam have since been
arrested on criminal charges. accor-
ding to a government study which
concludes that Vietnam veterans as
a whole "are plagued by
significantly more problems than
their peers."

The degree of alcoholism, drug
abuse, and medical rind
psychological problems attributable
to combat in Vietnam was found to
be “statistically significant” by
researchers in the government's
most comprehensive post-war in-
quiry. ‘

Vietnam combat veterans who
are black or members of other
minority groups were found to be

severely disadvantaged in post-war
schooling and jobs, the study said.
noting that the age of most of those
veterans now could make most of
those career setbacks irreversible.
The five-volume study, made
public by the New York-based
Center for Policy Research. was
begun in I973 by a group of Viet-
nam veterans with private grants.
Sponsorship of the $8 tnillion pro-
ject later was taken over by the Na-
tional Institute of Mental Health
and the Veterans Administration.
The study was based on inter-
views in 10 cities with 1.340 men.
Half of those interviewed were
veterans and about half of those
veterans had served in Vietnam.
According to reports in this

SUNYA Faculty Awarded
Grants Totaling $105,902

Thirty-seven members of the
SUNYA faculty have received
grants from the SUNY Research
Foundation under the ,l9BO-8I
University Awards Series. They are
among 273 recipients on 26 SUNY
campuses this year.

The grants. ranging in amounts
from $2.l50 to $3.800. are given in
support of scholarly anti creative
activities. A total of $752,773 was
awarded. including $105,902 on the
Albany campus. The Research
Foundation derives its support
from federal. state. and private
sources. as well as from other foun-
dations. For the past IO years. no
direct state appropriations have
supported the award series.

Since its inception itt I954, the

program has distributed $l4.8

million to 8.668 recipients. Awards

  

are made in four major categories
— fine arts. social sciences, natural
sciences, and humanities —- and in a
fifth interdisciplinary group.

Albany recipients are:

Richard Alba. Sociology;
Hassarnm Bakhru. Physics;
(irnham Ilarker-Benfield. History;
Roberta Bernstein. Fine Arts; Jean-
Francois Brlcrc, French; Monroe
Bruch, Counseling Psychology and
Student Development; Donald
Byrd. English; David Chapman,
Educational Policies Program In-
slruciion; Yr-Shih Chen. Chinese;
Bruce Dudck. Psychology: Susan
Evans. Anthropology; -Arnold
Foster, Sociology; Jagdish Gangol-
lyI Business; Leo Geoffrion.
Reading; Gregory Gillispie,
Chemistry; Charles Hartman.
Chinese; Akira Inomata.

continued on page thirteen

    

‘ plinth: lll‘h’

Student uses SUNYA’s Computer Center facilities 4
"Without com/mien. you 'rL' gelling a second class education. "

week‘s Newsweek magazine and to-
day’s New York Times, the study
said that more than one-third of
heavy-combat veterans are still suf-
fering from delayed stress reactions
and 24 percent have been arrested
on criminal charges in the post-war
period.

Tltc latter figure compares with a
to percent arrest rate among
veterans of light combat. 17 percent
among other Vietnam veterans and
14 percent among non-veterans.

On the other hand. the study con-
cluded that many of veterans had
been strengthened by their Vietnam
experiences and were Inclined to
"work through“ rather than sup-
press difficult problems ‘

rr'

A total of 2.8 million Americans .

are veterans of the Vietnam con—
ﬂict, which began in the early
1960's and ended in April I975 with
the fall of Saigon.

The study found that while 70
percent of the veterans as a whole
went back to school after leaving
the service. only 20 percent of those
who served in Vietnam completed
college. Only 7 percent of black
veterans did so.

Half the Vietnam veterans found

continued on page thirteen

Goodfriend and seven for his oppo-
nent Diarmuid Quinn. Goodfriend
defeated Quinn with only eighi
votes after the second vote was
tallied.

The duties of the general
manager. explained Diamond, in-
clude picking the eight person ex-

‘ ecutive committee, and dealing with
the college community and outside
sources. “The general manager is
responsible to all the outside entities
for the_station including Student
Associa‘tion. University Ad.
ministration and the Federal Com-
munication Commission (FCC)."

Diamond called his term as
'WCDB general manager "a real
good time.” and added. “it was a
lot of responsibility and pressure.

v.3

 

    
   

VII

' WCDB Elects New Manager?

out an equal amount of rewarding
experiences."

- WCDB is now awaiting FCC ap-
proval for its move from to watts to
100. said Diamond. This increase in
wattage, he explained, will mean
more workfor the general manager.
Diamond commented. “I'm conﬁ-
dent Bill will do a good job.”

_ Diamond, a graduating senior.
said “there are several very
qualiﬁed people We will leave
behind at WCDB. I believe that Bill
will be able to put together a very
competent team.” ~

Goodfriend will serve as
WCDB’s general manager for the
I98I-82 school year and will of-
ﬁcially take ofﬁce on May I. 1981
after several weeks of intense train-
mg.

photux Mm llcnuhti

A Save the Children Fund has been organized by Kappa Alpha Psi
fraternity to raise money for the police investigation in Atlanta, Georgia
and for the parents of the children slain. as well as to increase awareness of
this situation among SUNYA students, according‘to Kappa Alpha Psi Vice

President Douglas Lucas.

The fraternity In dintributlnlurecn rtbbonngn.dlrtr\trr_:_ltne_ugag negtf

the campus. The distributors are also accepting donut

to send to the APB Investigative Benefit Fund. c/o Mayor Maynard

Jackson of Atlanta.

“The green ribbon signifies life." Lucas said. .‘Our most important goal
is to make students aware of what‘s going on in Atlanta and to get them to
show their concern by wearing the ribbons. even if they can't donate

money.“

Lucas said the fraternity decided to get involved when they hadn't seen
anyone on campus participating in the nationwide drive.

“We've raised over $300 already. and we hope to raise SI .000 before the
fund-faising drive ends on April 2." said Lucas. '

People who wish to donate money after the April 2 deadline. Lucas

stressed, can sc
Hall, Atlanta, GA. 30335.

nd their contributions directly to Mayor Jackson at City

—.ludie Eisenberg

Universities Use Computers More

(CPS) The availability of high
quality computers is becoming as
important as strong libraries in
American universities. a Stanford
task force reports. and the day is
not far off when a school will be
judged by the “excellence of its
computer facilities."

Indeed, the computer revolution
is in full swing. and schools are hur-
rying to keep up with it. By I978.
colleges and universities had spent
over $1 billion on computing ac-
tivities. says computer science pro-
fessor John Hambien of the Univer-
sity of Missouri. Computers have
been bought and installed at so
rapid a pace since then that more re-
ccnf reliable statistics don't exist.

But the neatly physical force of
the campus rush to computers is
creating new kinds of financial dif-
ficulties for many colleges and
universities. Though some schools
can tap special endowments for
buying contputers, others are rais-
ing the necessary money by going to
an old source: students.

For example. Cornell University.
fearing a “retreat into the past."
may soon be increasing its com-
puter budget by $1.7 million. and
getting the money for it by increas-

ing each student's tuition by $l00
(out of a total increase of $I000).

University Provost Keith Ken-
nedy wants $700,000 to buy I00 ter-
minals and 25 microcomputers to
patch onto the existing network
now used by students and faculty.
explains Kenneth King. Kennedy’s
assistant provost.

Another $700.000 will pay for im-
proving administrative processes
like rcgistration and billing pro-
cedures. while $300,000 more will
cover the cost of inﬂation. King
hopes.

King adds the computer expen-
ditures are the biggest single con-
tributor to the projected $17 million
increase in Cornell's general pur-
pose bttdgct for I9SI-82.

But King suggests the $100 per
student isn't much compared to the
worth of a good knowledge ofcom-
puters. '

“The value of a student's degree.
if they get a good computer educa-
tion is vastly more than that," King
says. “Without computers, yott'rc
getting a second class education."

King is for front alone in this opi-
nion. He says there is a developing
consensus across the country that
“every student should know about

computers" before graduating.

"The computer has pervaded
practically every discipline, in both
instruction and research."
Hambien told the New York Times.
Dartmouth College President John
Kemcny recommends that every
college and university should make
computer services as readily
available to their students as
"books on their library shelves."

King— says computer knowledge is
becoming increasingly important in
the business world. and notes that
the use of “intelligent slaves"
(computers) to increase productivi-
ty in the commercial sector
is “causing a revolution." An
economics degree. for example, is
worth far more to a potential
business employer if it includes
computer courses.

A similar desire to “ride the
micro-electronics revolution" has
Stanford moving toward a
“computer-linked environment"
this year also. says Professor Ed-
wurd I-‘eigcnbaum. Within three
years. the school hopes to complete
installation of an ambitious.
campus-wide computer network
connectng all departments On cant-

continuerl on page thirteen

 

5.. . .A .... «from; I
an...“

  

cos of any amount

mun-M

-er...................

 

 

~..

.uuﬁtt.‘

«in... -

 

