«....n.n:-..v-.. gummy...- Auﬁu-WﬁNFHhmzﬂa I ‘ '

 

 

 


it
E’
- i:
Q
.
E.

.

 

 

   

i

 

‘ ""v1‘-‘r.-v* mom-M... t.

 

 

 

Page 2a

 

 

 

contents . . .

       
     
 

 

é Letter from Ed. 2‘
 Letting the Days Go By 

" ,. ~ Sorry About That. Chief 1‘

5"“ Uanerslly at New York at Albany ‘ Campus Center 329 ' 1400 Was Act 1|. scene | ‘11"?
Feature Du Joir 

1 -1 -1 -1 _1 _1 _1 (518) 457-8892 Top 10 LP's of 1980

 

Edel-lette f on an. (h
F T Roy Buchanan Review (Y:
Top iii Films of 1980 7‘

. . Po e ’ ’ ‘t --d
“Cu-uncllo those...anri welcome to .......Ass'FCCt-"(I coulnn't p Yum sulmMan M
(29.33.29 rmthor to be spam“. ‘ inr line so Spectrum Ha
I {mm-on I'd be both.) at; harm is Rob ‘r'ltstem. Nit” known DlVG’Sl""-‘ ii
‘ Il

 

TC my Ill-“n65. 5‘" HEY-1‘99 701‘. and, as f. cots editor. I'n hr‘rc to
introduon the new new section. I say not: because this smarter;
Fpects comm- camplctc with not: lore, new design, and a Phi“ 1“
4?’ orfaniration (all for thc 1 at low pricc or :10.95. on?
1A yea L orr now. you got the t5} for T ' , You also {(1 a
gm of ' '“Our‘cmrc 11. the only prOLUCT wi that it's
bcftor to cook 055‘” in ‘3 f3“~’il’1-‘r‘ Pan than to 5 rubber

‘ - on a diaznon; zinc.~ .ral clever, r-gu
_'I‘pUE‘i' of this 11111.: 1:“, .-
,.

     
      
       
     
   

    

 

 
  
 

.rh‘a SQ-F—EHé—hano iir) \

“in an". to twll var;  I d.
4-' ' '

action vv‘zn. but v

, that 3r. urrlmts‘ t ‘ {

 

  

l “Where's the rest of the?"

 

A wind is blowing across
this state of ours. And it
is not only wind; it will

 

 

 

 

"grow into a tidal wave.
And there will be a
government with men as
tall as mountains.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ILWJL-IQEE‘
 "S C H O O L; . .-

g ' ' —WEST
HOW ocuma 
HEADACHE. 

swam m. p
2 l2 Western Ave. Albany. NY 72203
Take the money worries out or meorcai school win an Armed Forces He‘ttn

From
s 2 550
(next door '0 'The L ‘
P I '- amp Post
Sioalgflggilicmmismp FUliiUiiiOn Books Fees Necessary equrpmenr And 518-449-8566 )

Once sawed {or a msman gcholarsh Tues-Sat lO‘OOAM-é'OO PM
A s _ , .. - ‘ ‘p’aVa'lBDlEltotniheA r .. Thu . ' '
"Fume )OU amwmmlssmeo asasemm hemenamman @8331?er ’)t rs. l0.00AM-9:00Pm Closed Sun, Mon

Reserve Seneads-da tact -o r - ‘

agree 1to serge on active)dmild/ghengrggllgfloinggsllxrllzgigdill: peg“ And

year 0 participation in the scholarsnrp program (3-year nirnrmunilcomreiltfgrrt) *   ' l ' ' . ' ' I  6 
*LEE CORDS------‘---- $16 so
MANY OTHER LEE PRODUCTS AT

YOU recewe excellent salary and benefits More importantly you get rnvaiuab‘o
LOW PRICES! ! ! !

experience warning besrde dedicated medical people
(AND A WHOLE MORE)

 

 

M E Dikch L

   

 

 

For more .ntorr'natron martinis coupon to

Armed Forces Scholarships. PO Bax C1776 Huntington Station NY it7‘6
_ a

2 «zrerosred in Armed Farces Heath Pr ~ ‘
F T f ‘ t r oteswons Schot
its for physicians tunoerstann there IS no ()DllQalIOI‘i 

     

 

 

I
Nain Arr Forcetj Nu so come down
and let us
. ., , H - m" SNDMDF Put your can
‘ s» v 7 2m - - Phone H  PM“ in Our 
I M " ' " - - (Sammy, ‘ m  l . 

    

Degree /.\ .

 

 

 

 

 

FRONT WINDow
FOR WEEKLY smesz _ _ ‘

 

  

 

 

 

 

ll January 30, 198]

W‘

Letting The Day

it glistened and glowed in the failing light
of the afternoon sun. 1 touched it. For an ins‘
tant. Reached out my sweaty hand and felt
it. Magic. Time spiralled into the void. and
pain became a word and the word disap-
peared. Expunged. Then. it shivered and
shook. Melted Into a pool of sticky dew and

   

sprouted gossamer wings. Up. up it flittercd.
tossing like a leather sacrificed to the winds
of change. i followed. 1 had to: it had called
my name. it was leading me: to safety. to
comfort. Home.

Darting incoherently through heavy traffic.
1 barely heard the hoan and shouts. l was in

ABC 101

 

pursuit of something secret'and sacred. A
promise had been made and l was following
through. To the depths. to the end. Fear?
Oh yes. fear: of dying. of never returning. Of
returning forever.

in that moment. it had transformed me.
Reduced. seduced me. and in my submis-

  
   

sion, made me infinitely powerful Face to
face with the mirror. 1 lumped right in and
splashed about. it was so rich. so fluvting: ins
'elfahlrz yet unmistakable

l trniked it down Washington Avenue to
the park. where it lighted upon it true. All
ha. i thought. We got you now. l wasn't

Sorry About

1 know. l know. You're sick of lists. Sure.
you liked The Book 0/. lrving Wallace's at-
tempt to keep his family together by tremtz.
ing. categorizing and numbering all the
useless bits of trivia scattered about like so
many toys in the attic. You once loved
reading all the likes and dislikes of your
favorite celebrities. of comparing your per-
sonal lists of “Top 'l‘vns" with those oi the
critics. And the world is n better place now
that it's known that Napoleon's penis is hufng
kept in a Mason tnr SiriliL‘WliL’i’t’ in France.

But the idea has gotti'n out of hand. you
may say (or at kmst should) Lists is now in
its second volume. und rum is the magazine
or ucwspnpur tlint dousn't lrtkL’ up it few col-
umn incle with a list or two. Wliiif was once
a grant hook in rend .it tho hunch or whip out
to liven up [hill dull old pnrty has become as
necessary or as desirable as .r pair of silver
roller skntvs or tigt'r striped pants.

And yes. the idea has gotten downright
tricky when no less than Time magazine runs
Pope John l’nul's “My Five Favorite Com-
mandments "

With that in mind. we'd like to play our
part in allowing the list as an art form to slip
quickly back into the oblivion it sorely
duservus. Unfortunately. imitation and fad—
dishnuss is the bread and butter of the col-

Worid Re ort

l don't wanna live here no more. l don't
wanna stay.

Ain't gonna spend the rest of my life.
Quietly fading away.

Eric Woolfson
and Alan Parsons

Returning to college. no job i can find or
want. No room in my world for love (sic) on-
ly want all i can get. No dreams. nothing i
Would want to see at night that i don't see in
the day. Really seems like a take all the
things we say to get a bed at night. Classes fill
the hours of the days we spend looking for
degrees. Somehow classes aren't a part of
any learning process. But. still l'm not one
for taking my cake without eating it.

Saw her yesterday in the Rat. she was
wearing this ribbon around her neck and
somehow it seemed to make all the hate and
pain fade away from my heart. Funny isn't It

legc newspaper. so we forthwith present:

Andy Carroll'o Five Favorite

TV Remno Without

Whlch II. Probably Would Have
Committed Suicide During

Tho Vacation

5) I Dream 0/ Jeannie —- The show has it
all: pro-JR. Larry Hagman. Pref-tamer
Valli-y Barbara Eden. and a pro-adolescent
sense of humor. The show that killed the
space program. But it‘s in a great time slot
(5:30. channel 11). so who am Ito demand
quality as well?

4) The first twenty minutes of The Tonight
Show ~ does anyone watch more? in twen-
ty minutes you can see Johnny's
monologue. one commercial. and a ten
minute shtick: The Mighty Carson Arts
Players. Carnac the Great. The Edge of
Wctncss. Why watch past midnight if you
can switch to . . .

3) The Odd Couple? ~ For those not
from the metropolitan area. The Odd Cou-
ple is the only show on WPlX. The cult for
this show is nearly as large and as influential
as that for The Three Stooges. Gleeful
“nyucks-nyucks" and raucus
“A-becbeeheebee‘s" are nearly drowned out
by choruses of “Once there was a man nam-

how moments move our lives like snow
flakes falling from the sky. Rivers form under
my eyes. whenever i think about all those
lonely nights l‘ve spent looking through my
tears hoping someday to hold her in my
arms again. Foolish young man that i am. i
once hoped to make her my wife. Now that
I've "grown" (a funny way to say the pain is
gone) maybe I'll find love behind some lock-
red door i never knew i had the key to. Wish
me into a relationship. My heart's been hurt
before but don't let that stop anyone. Please
give it a try. it would be a shame to die
without ever letting love give you the eye.

Moving to a new house, maybe even a
new life. i hear. is there any room in your
world for a man like me? i know that is an
unfair question. bu

. .'.'-‘i'.'.'.'.'.

PerSPECTlves

t is love ever fair that is
one-sided? Give yourself a chance to see the

 

halfway up the tree when. Wouldn't you
know. a gentle breeze rose. shook it loose.
and sent it on its airy way. Up the aves.
Down the streets. Pursuit is enervating.
Weary now. i tired of the game: Tag. you're
it/Hide 8: seek/Duck 8r goose. So i sur-
rendered.

The magic of the moment was marching
away. Hup one. hup two. Oh. baby, i cried,
and in that instant it slithered past and brush-
ed like the softest fur against my toughened
skin.

And walls tumbled. i lost my sight learning
to sue while seas of passion subsided and
parted to permit a parade of spraying spirits.
l was alive. l was all my doubts turned to
doves. They grow to enormous proportions
nnri swclk'd in all man's glory. They revelled
rillll lrumnwrl a silent song. like the spirits on
pnmrlu. gone renegade.

Suddenly the wings caught the breevc
tin-n whoole Fleeing like some desperate
rlumrni from the scene of the crime. it
varnished. as abruptly as it had first an-
pcnrvd. Now renewed. now refreshed. i set
off mud-dashing. knocking into loggers and
old ladies carrying packages. I raced. nnrl
they steered clear. flashing looks of terror
and trepidation. But gatlwring my garters. l
spud off Bang. Gone.

Funny: the faster 1 ran. and the harder i
tried to catch up with it. the more it con-
foundud me. Folk-d. But then it hit me:
things that can't be controlled must simply be

. Pug—I

sﬁo By

accepted. Defeated? it must have seemed
that way to the pie-faced girl spying down
from her third floor living room where heat is
scarce but macaroni and cheese abundant;
where night after night four somber sweeties
sit transfixed by “Three's Company," or is it
"Dallas"? The soaps have probably ended
for another day. but one thing's for certain:
whatever‘s on will be laced with unmitigated
poptrash and four star idiocy; will sting and
paralyze its prey like the scorpion. it will
reduce infinite possibilities to a cut and dried
formula. And even if it didn't. it could never
attain what it can only mimic: real life. The
girl upstairs is chuckling at my folly. I cry so
hard l laugh.

But i. the capricious runner. ﬂeet of foot
and sound of mind. realize that i am inex—
tricale a part of the world and at the very
least have had the experience; have ven-
tured outside. my crusty shell to put my
overstuffed confidence on the line and ex-
posed my bloody guts; have plunged head-
ltrst and feared no scary monsters: have
opened my brainless eyes illitl allowed my
tunnulviston to merge with llu' night. Sure.
l'm bound to trip over soran kid's firutruck
that he left on the sidewalk. But that won't
stop me front running. Threr will always be
obstacles. make no mistnko about it. But
that's no reason to prevent anyone from try-
ing. Trying whnt'.’ Quick! Look over there.
out of the corner of your eye. Aren't those
gossiuncr wings passing you by? 0

And r

That, chief...

ed Oscar" rind Felix's "Happy and Puppy
(and Bursting Willi Lovr-l  Favorite
episode: Felix gives his frog a whirlpool bath
— in the blender.

2) M‘A'S‘H— it's been running longer
than the Korean W d. Wat-

 

c ring it is the closest thing many people have
to a family life. The choice between M'A'
S‘H and The Odd Couple at seven o'clock is
agonizing. But Hawkeye. B.J.. Radar. Kl-
inger. Colonel Potter. Frank Burns and Hot
Lips Houlihan. nearly always win out.
Author's query: Information denying that
Miss Piggy is based on Loretta Swit.

1) Get Smart —- Everyone's life needs
some pattern. some form. some definition.

players in action before you come up with a'
new "starting lineup". Maybe we'll see each
other in the and. Just hope you'll be there
with me.

School started three days ago. Reagan
started last week, Lord what is this world
coming to? Saw Jay last night in my dreams.
He said I should forget you and lust write.
You know. he lust may be right. it's not so
much that We lost all interest. it is lust a mat-
.ter of other things making themselves more
interesting to pursue. New ideas and new
images slowly but surely place themselves
before me. asking questions. Questions that
require attention before they can be
answered. Leaving little room for things of
the past, no matter how pleasant those con-
cerns may have been. at one time Don't
bother to remind me of things maid and
undone. l'm not in the mood to hear about

For some. it's religion. for others. use of
murplux plmrnrnrmuticnls (luck. tlw trick. Frr
me. it's the daily adventures of Agent 86 and
the men and women at CONTROL. in the
struggle of good and niceness versus evil and

.50m 5a i was t

    

ever. while most others would disagree. A i
know is that i might never have awakened at
all during the vacation if not for Get Smart at
2:00.

 

What did you do over your winter vaca—
tion? We'd like to know. Write a 250-word
essay and send it to us. Papers will be judged
on neatness and accuracy. No extensionso

uber’t-K nn h Dicke ‘

et II, Scene I”

them. Too many hours have been spent
already. writing letters to the dead and gone
members of my family.

Wishes come true only when they do. so
why should i burden myself with things l'll
never do. The toys in my attic fill my time
well enough as it is.

People worry over me but never seem to
show that they love me. Too many pressures
cause my mind to slip away and hide from
people caught up in ruling my life. Perhaps
one day the earth will sat and the stars will
still shine on. No place left to go in a town
long gone to sleep. it we see the right mo-
ment to speak. will that give us cause to real-
ly understand others who see only darkness?
Enough of'this, l'm late for drop and add.
See you in class on Friday. to

..--.~ ‘lts

....... -  .v i w vv In t s u in r r‘v'r r'r‘r'r'i‘r'r .‘r't'r'r'ITr . r u my «alga (iii-K t

 

 

 

 

 

 

