  
     

   

l
.
l
i
l:
l
.
l

 

 

['hn-Iu-l-‘lvvll.a.noevv~rnla.-

he audiences lining up to see David
gCronenberg's Scanners expecting
to see a slew of exploding heads
might be disappointed. in point of fact. only
one head explodes on screen. Fans of
"Splatter" films will love the effect. But they'll
have to wait until the climax to see anything
else comparable.

Jim Dixon

The premise of this four and a half million
dollar Canadian film is that an experimental
sedative given to some pregnant women In
the fifties has created two hundred and thirty
seven "Scanners". extremely powerful
psychics who can link their nervous systems
with others. They also make people and ob-
)ects ﬂy around rooms. and sometimes burst
Into flame. A mysterious quasi-
governmental group called ConSec has been
trying to train Scanners for use as weapons.
Another group. known as The Other Group.

W515

 

'l'alring (are

Inc to Five. starring Jane Fonda.
e/l/Lily Tomlin and Dolly l’arton. Is a
rare and intelligent comedy It

showcases the trials and tribulations of
female office workers: women who bring in-
telligence. energy. and frequently college
educations to exhausting and sometimes
degrading jobs. The idea here is that the boss
—— usually a man — soaks up the benefits

Larry Kinsman

produced by the efforts oi his Workers. in the
case of this particular boss. Franklin M. Hart.
he even steals their ideas.

The screenplay. by director Colin Higgins
and Patricia Resnlck. is clever and absorbing.
if not entirely realistic. A newcomer named
Judy (Jane Fonda). a (livrn’r'ue who has
never held a job. arrives at a huge office in a
big city. The place is called “(.‘onsolidated"
and she is shown the ropes by an office
supervisor named Violette. who is rleliglitful‘
\y played by Lily Tomlin. Violette has to
report to Mr. Hart. the new vice president.
who was not only hired alter Violette. but
was trained by her. Hart is clearly a moron.

and a big band goes to Dabney Coleman for
his superb performance as the grasping.
supercilious boss. who spends most of his
time and ingenuity seeking to trap his
secretary. Dora Lee (Dolly Parton). In an
amorous embrace. Judy. Violette and Dora
Lee are all sufficiently enraged by Hart on
one particular day that they decided to team
up against him. Their actions are sparked by

Simoa’sﬁay

 

uvvooantiluilra

 

unhelvavlwiwnuluhrrru-
.‘W‘

has similar ambitions. but they're the bad
guys.

They're also doing a better job.

The Other Group has been behaving an-
tlsocially lately, doing nasty things like
assassinating all the Scanners who don't
want to Join their group. ConSec enlists the
aid of a young Scanner to infiltrate their
group and eliminate the competition.

50 the middle of the film Is a lot like a low«

budget James Bond film, filled with car

chases. gunfights and assorted mundane
violence. (No more exploding heads — that
only happens early in the film. Sorry).
Cronenberg's script ls more than ade-
quately complex for a film of this type. There
are a good number of plot twists. and the
dialogue doesn't come off too badly, but the
acting, especially from Stephen Lack as the
young hero. leaves a good bit to be desired.
Patrick McGoohan as the scientist responsi-
ble for the creation of the Scanners Is credi-
ble enough. Jennifer O'Neill is top-billed no

chance as much as anything else. but once
the ball starts rolling. the three women
manage to do some wonderfully awful things

to the boss. as well as some great things for .

other employees of the company in the pro-
C955.

Higgins manages to keep the office routine
funny and the action lively at almost every
turn. in the oening frames that serve as

 
      

Fondl. Tomlin and Patton: Boeom
huddlca nlck I Imlle In the bool'
back.

 

A. ,_.,.. .v

 

backdrop to the credits. we see attractive and
well-dressed young women running for
buses. gulping coffee -— spilling that same
coffee around their ankles as they frantically
check a watch — and struggling through

Aopccu on '1' ‘ ,

AUUMII< v.......,.~..

some marquees. probably owing to her
dubious star-status. She doesn’t appear until
well into the film and then doesn't have all
that much to do. ‘

The direction ls good —«‘ belying the
modest budget. Cronenberg's a good film-
maker. and Scanners evidences competent
photography. very good editing, and a flare
for action.

Cronenberg's past films. such as Rab/d
and The Broad. have been hardcorr

 

roll 4

"ebruary 3.‘ 1980'

"Splatter" films. and fans of the genre may
be somewhat disappointed with Scanners'
prosaic middle section. This is more a
science fiction than a horror film despite the
violence. Most of the film simply isn't
frightening.

Those who wait may find the climax.
replete with blood bursting from swollen
veins. exploding eyeballs. and people cai-
ching on fire. satisfying. The effects are
good. the over-all effect Is pleasantly shock-
ing.

Cronenberg. who has deliberately shunn-

' ed Hollywood. even after the serious offers

he's received with the box office success of
Scanners. is sticking with the Canadian hor~
ror film circuit. which should be grateful. it
needs all the help it 'can get. And any horror
film fan should be grateful to see one movie
that Isn't about a psychotic maniac slicing
women Into deli»cuts with a sharp Implement
of destruction. Cronenberg. at least. can still
come up with something a little exotic. .

rush hour crowds to get to Jobs on time.
Anyone who has worked in an office knows
the tyranny of a fussy supervisor who will
threaten a late worker with the unemploy-
ment line if she/he takes so much as twu
minutes longer than customary In the
washroom. Higgins sets the tone of the film
in these very opening scenes. We identify
not only with the way an office Job can un-
nerve and dis-spirit almost anyone. but also
with the ludicrousness of the chase for that
far from almighty buck.

Lily Tomlin is brilliant. as usual. Perhaps
her best scene Is one In which. having ac-
cidentally put rat poison in Hart's coffee. an
emergency room doctor says for confirma-
tion that she's killed him. As Judy and Dora
Lee try to calm her. Violette lets go with:
"i'm no loofl iiusi killed the boss! You think
they're going to let me keep my job after a
thing like that?” Judy and Dora Lee leave
her alone momentarily and Violette decides
to steal the corpse before an autopsy can be
performed. She steals a doctor's lab coat and
ends up wheeling the wrong stiff right out the
front door. The camera wheels down each
corridor just ahead of Violette. letting Tomlin
do her thing. Her facial expressions are the
essence of panic.

Fonda Is very good as Judy. it's a pleasure
to see a superstar do such fine team work.
Her Judy Is vulnerable and fluttery. but
ultimately rather brave and resourceful. it is
she who calms everybody down after the
discovery that the corpse Violette has in her
trunk bears no resemblance whatsoever to F.

Hart.

The film's real revelation is Dolly Patton.
She not only holds her own with Tomlin and
Fonda. but actually manages to steal a few

scenes from them. When Dora Lee finds that .

Hart has been bragging to others around
Consolidated that he's having an affair with
her. she shoves him into a chair and pro-
tnises that if he says another such word. “I’ll
turn you from a rooster into a hen with one
shot!"

While the three women are getting high in
Dora Lee's apartment. they each relate their
particular fantasy for doing away with Mr.
Hart. This constitutes some of the film's most
outrageous footage.

in the course of the film. the three women
manage to change. not only their own status
in the company. but the way the company
treats employees In general. The lesson to
come out of this is slrnply that happy people
are more productive. Oppression does not
pay. Still. the film follows male prejudice to
its sneakiest extreme. The chairman of the
board arrives to praise Hart's improvements
(all changes the women have made in his
absence). and soon tells Hart in a whisper
that he has done well. except insofar as he
has ordered equal pay for women. The
chairman is all In favor of getting optimum
output from his female employees. as long
as he doesn't have to pay them what he pays
the men. Our three heroines do not give up.
however. As Hart receives a transfer to
Brazil. they go into his office and open a bot-
tle of champagne. .

Seems Like Old lakes

eems Like Old 'Iimes is lousy. i can
2ythtnk of absolutely nothing positive
to say about Nell Simon's latest ex-

cept that it runs less than two hours. Beyond
that there is little to recommend It: what thin
plot there Is Is silly and predictable, the jokes
(or what I assume were meant to be the
ire: are stale and far from funn . and the

Mark Bossier

performers don't have a chance against a
script that could win an award from the KKK
for racial fairness.

The quality of Simon's work has gone
down almost consistently since he became
the superstar writer of the seventies. Most of
his best work was clone for the stage In the'
middle sixties and his screenplays have
always been weak (though The Heartbreak
Kid and the Maggie Smith-Jane Fonda
segments of Caft/ornla Suite are classics). it
seems as If Simon one day realized that he

 

 

could turn out something as bad as Tire
Cheap Detective and still make a great deal
of money. Realizations like that often put a
dent In a writer's creativity. Obviously Simon
has never been Tennessee Williams. but i
can at least remember when'he used to be
fun.

Just as Popeye only hints at Robert
Altman's directorial style. Seems Like Old

Times follows only the basic format of a Neil'

Simon screenplay. A liberal lawyer (Goldie
Hawn) married to an upwardly mobile con-
servative (Charles Grodin) make the perfect
Simon couple. Add her ex-husband (Chevy
Chase), a writer being chased by the police.
and a good time should be guaranteed for
all. However. it doesn't happen: the plot
may be there but what's missing are the
snappy verbal battles. the clever comebacks.
the Impeccable timing ——- in short. the funny
stuff. This is a movie just Waiting for so-
meone to breathe life into it. Unfortunately
Neil Simon is the only one around.

The blatant racism that Simon hinted at In
the Bill Cosby—Richard Pryor segment of
California Suite comes to the forefront here.
Glenda. the liberal lawyer. defends any
minority who comes to her for help. Despite
the fact that they are all guilty Glenda Is
clever enough to get them all off. She then
has to give them Jobs In her house because
they naturally aren't qualified to do any kind
of legitimate work. Once in her home they

 

“It coo-I no If Simon on. day
realized that ll. could turn out
nonlethan II had no The Cheap
Detective and lllll nuke I grout
deal of money."

take advantage of her (they're never satisfied
— give them an Inch . . .) and liberal tool
that she is she believes their lies and takes
them back. Simon goes out of his way to
make It clear that the minorities are lazy
cheats. but eVen those who do theiriobs-are
easily out done by whites.

 

Perhaps most repulsive is the less-than-
subtle way Simon equates the stray
minorities Glenda brings home to the stray
dogs she picks up off the street. Racism for a
reason. while not forgivable. is at least
understandable. but here it Is completely
purposeless. The stereotype is too simplistic
and overwhelming to illuminate any part of
Glenda‘s character. The racism here and in
Airplane! Illustrate what may be a troubling
new trend In Hollywood comedies. Perhaps
Amos and Andy aren‘t quite as anachronistic
as we may think.

Script problems aside this Is still a bad
movie. A very talented cast can do absolute-
ly nothing to help and Jay Sandrtch's direc-
tion never goes beyond the TV sitcom level.
Still. Simon's screenplay Is the real killer
here. The old times Simon seems to cherish
have women in the kitchen and blacks and
Puerto Ricans stepping and fetching. If we're
lucky Simon's old times will stay'itISt that‘——'
old. 0

 

 

 

 

lfebruary 3. 1980

 

Adpécto on T

 

In Elvis We Trust

lvis Costello never fails to amaze.

He's spent his entire career (hard

to believe It's only been four years)
having total disregard for the current musical
scene. Elvis does what Elvis wants. public
and critics be damned. But this "screw you"
attitude hasn’t driven people away: instead.
more and more have been attracted to the
flock.

Joan Brandejsky

Now Elvis Is faced with the problem of
many established artists. How do you In‘
novate and surprise when your originalitles
have become commonplace? Costello's
latest album. Trust. overcomes this artistic
dilemma quite nicely. Take the best of what

2"

 

    

 

 

Mr. Concllo: A Ila-tor of our-prion.
Ilnnovnllon and orlglnalllv.
you have wrought. add the energy that
peaked on Get Happy. and the writing that
made Armed Forces tenderly tough. and
you have the best Costello album yet. '
Best In the sense that is the creme de la
creme of the base work. Trust contains little
of the innovation. almost none of the wild
chances that shall endear My Aim is True
forever. But it does have the arrangement.

Shrinkin Lil

 

The Incredible Ser

0““ he most frustrating thing about The
J Incredible Shrinking Woman Is the

unrealized potential. As stale.
unoriginal jokes splatter the screen. as
mediocre dialogue assaults the ear. and as
good performers are thrown away in roles
drawn as stick-figure representations of
caricatures. the thought that inevitably keeps
occuring is that this could have been a win-
ner.

Jim Dixon

The incredible Shrinking Woman Is a star
vehicle for Lily Tomlin. who nearly always
garners raves when she appears on the
screen. Even here. i can't criticize her for not
doing much with no script. As Pat Kramer.
an “average housewife" who begins to
mysteriously shrink as the result of artificial
additives In her household products. little is
required of her beyond climbing over and
falling off of the oversized props that look no
better here than they did in Dr. Cyclops or
TV's Land 0/ the Giants. The special effects

 

 

the melody. the bitter and literate lyrics and
the Nick Lowa fine-tuned production that
characterize every Costello album. But Trust
Isn't merely resting on laurels. Costello and‘
the Attractions are as energetic as ever. but
the energy is directed to perfection of the
craft of creation.

Probably the most noticeable change Is in
Ele5' voice. Elvis has learned how to sing. to
the traditional sense: his vocals are clear and
strong. his transitions ﬂowing. and his
melodies are now melodic. Gone Is the far-
flsa organ that pounded In This Years
Model. sang In Armed Forces. and spit In
Get Happy. and Steve Nieve has traded In
his sleezy little organ for a grand piano. ad~
ding a flowing movement to the ar-
rangements. The guests on Trust are Glenn
Tllbrook of Squeeze and Martin Belmont of
the Rumour. As these musicians (and bands)
owe much to Costello (and vice versa) the
additions are both welcome and well placed.

As the individual songs go. description of
melody and style are. for the most part.
useless. Elvis has a gift for melody. in the
sense that it is something to put the words to.
but Costello would rather have no frills music
for luxury verses. Trust concerns itself with
sex and relationships for the most part.
(Though “Fish'n'Chips Papers" Is a nice
swipe at England's Fleet Street papers which
make the New York Post look like the Na~
tional Review.) But it is not the romantic sex
of Springsteen or the hot. physical sex of the
Rolling Stones. but rather intellectual sex. it
Is talking sex —- the relationship has pros
blems because of thoughts and words. said
and unsald. Infidelity and other problems are
)ust manifestations of these intellectual
crossword puzzles:

Curious women running after Curious
men.

Curiosity didn't kill the cat.

it was a poisoned pert.

But there's not much choice,

Between a cruel mouth and a jealous
voice.

"Pretty Words" can't cover everything.

The album contains rolling rockers ("Club
Land." "Luxembourg." "Lover's Walk" and
"Strict Time") and well paced ballads
("You'll Never Be a Man." “New Lace
Sleeves"). The standouts are those with

sometimes aren't as good.

The only possible example of charac-
terization in the parts might have been the
plot device of Pat‘s husband (a part walked
through by Charles Grodin) being an ad ex~
ecutive who has named some of the pro-
ducts that have made his wife shrink. This
doesn't add up to much on the screen. large-
ly due to the lackluster writing by the film's
Executive Producer Jane Wagner. Wagner.
who recently wrote and directed the
disasterous Moment By Moment. which also
starred Lily Tomlin. has done some good
work in the past. but seems to be falling into
a rut of mediocrity.

To be fair. Joel Schumacher's direction
doesn't help the film either. except In the
climax. which i admit was beautifully done.
It's a typical case of too little too late though.
and most members of the audience may well
have lost interest by then.

Aside from the writing. the film fails
because it's a broad farce whose slapstick
Isn't that funny. Wagner seems to want to
make a social satire more than an

standout lyrics. "You'll Never Be a Man."
about sexual maturity versus being brown
up. “New Lace Sleeve." about morality. and
"White Knuckles." a wrenching story of a

woman submitting to brutal near rape with a ,

man who Is considerably desirable to other
women. Elvis even sings a duet with Glenn
Tllbrook on “From a Whisper to a Scream."
This Is not so much a duet as it Is a duel of
verses. “Different Finger" is a country song
In the mode of “Stranger in the House." This
typical country tale of infidelity has that
special Elvis twist:

[don't wanna hear your whole life story.

Or about my strange resemblance to some
old flame.

All I want Is one night 0/ glory.

i don't even know your second name.

"Shot With His Own Gun" ls probably the
best song on the album. With only an almost
classically arranged piano for background.
Elvis with his new voice weaves a song of
boredom brought on by familiarity:

What‘s on his mind Is anyone‘s guess,

He's lasing touch with each caress.

Spend every evening looking so appeal-
ing. '

He comes without warning. leaves without
feeling.

The couple. married by sex. now must live
as strangers because no emotion has

“.Elvl- to talking on - the role-
A Ll L. L

 

r n r
of thought. and words, «It! and
lino-Id."

 

developed In the marriage. Elvis. once bitter
because he was deprived of sex. now realizes
it Isn't a cure—all. and is bitter for this reason.
Elvis does pay deference to the past on his
last song. “Big Sister's Clothes." The song
begins and ends with psychedelic noise
(circa 1967) and has the guitar/tambourine
sound of the Byrds. That Is as far as It goes.
Elvis Costello will always be Elvis Costello
Bless 'his little ltorn~rimmed glasses. 0

 

“Rockin' In Rhythm."

features a superb bass solo.

 

  

  

. I . l l l A
AirpfrtneI-esque parody of a movie or genre.
But there isn't enough subtley for most of

those jokes to work. Good Ideas. like having
characters use lines from commercials in

 

How's cctsses ) i
l
l
i

come . new?
(SHIV onssﬂ

      
 

,— C:

. a

'7 ch DE a DP Dannie) "

 

 

An, Mr t5 LIEDtTS .) vasomotor/'0 frilNh’
~“"" '   | rt: Isl? Min. to FIND /\ motor/mesa.
A : ir.tll' cor/ear; \\'7/z_~., Mex

 

 

' hum: also;

..,. ._. mu' //

c‘ r: /.T,'"/l7""iiii5 on

years.
I lit MGUEK bummer

a 

The Weather Looks Fine

in late December that is well worth mentioning now. The album. Night Passage.
which was produced by members Joseph Zawinul and Jam Pastorius. has the
distinctive style of the group. but Is keyed down from their past endeavors. The songs are
much more melodious than those from the last studio album. Mr. Gone. but do not have
the power of the older songs. Night Passage seems to go back to )ﬂi’). roots rather than outer
space. but still keeps that funky. mechanical sound typical of Weather Report.

Five of the eight songs on the alhutn were written by Zawinul. one by sax virtuoso Wayne
Shorter. and one by Pastorius. The remaining song is the Duke Ellington swing tune.

ﬁne of the leading tau-rock combos. Weather Report. released a new studio effort

The title track starts off the album with Shorter and Zawinul supplying the melody and
Peter Erskin (formerly with Maynard Ferguson) supplying a steady swing beat. Pastorius
lays down some funky lines In this upbeat song. "Port of Entry." the Shorter composition.
has the West lndtan beat of past albums such as Tale Spinntn’ arid Black Market. and

The second side opens with a remarkable rendition of “Rockln’ In Rhythm." which really
captures the spirit of the album. On "Fast City." Shorter plays an alto solo that cries for
Miles Davis to answer back. The album closes with a heavy space tune entitled
"Madagascar." which represents the closest relationship to past albums.

Night Passage seems to be a well-made tale of where the group has gone. and also shows
where it‘s going. it takes traces of Shorter and Zawinul's bop beginnings and adds Pastorius'
modern style. as well as the versatility of Peter Erskine to again put out a fine album.

if Weather Report's future Is as fine as Its pasl. and It seems to be. the group should re-
min the influence on modern Jays: It already ts.

iptless Movie

 

 

 

 

\

-Erlc Hluon

 

 
   
 
  
  

normal conversation are thrown away by
putting them all into one. heavy~handed
scene which seems more stupid than funny.
The jabs at modern American commer-
cialism are trite. obvious. and Insulting more
than enlightening.

The dialogue lends nothing to the film.
The actors. including pros like Ned Beatty.
seem foolish trying to make some of their
punchlines work. l kept expecting a
laughtrack.

In fact. i kept expecting commercials.

The problem with The incredible Shrink.
ing Woman is that It parodies the culture and
mentality that spawned It. This isn't a satire
on the problems with a culture run on adver-
tlsing, it's a symptom of it. Somehow. com-
mercialized criticism doesn't work.

When Richard Matheson wrote The in-
credible. Shrinking Man. the novel and
subsequent film on which this Is based. i
doubt he thought much about Madison
Avenue. The original premise was that the
Atomic Age was unleashing forces we didn't
understand. The horror was brought home
by dealing with the nightmare nuclear horror
created for one man. and how he managed
to deal with it.

While The incredible Shrinking Woman
couldn't have the freshness. it could have
made the same points In a new and updated
fashion.

it could have worked.

it doesn't, because the film suffers the
same disease It's supposed to be speaking
out against. .

 

