  

A Would [Capsules

 

 

' Mail My Increase,

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Postal Service today
won approval to charge )8 cents to mail a first-class let-
ter. 2 cents less‘tban it wanted. The new rate can take ef-
fect on 10 days notice. The new rate plus Increases for
other types of mail were approved by the Postal Rate
Commission. a tiny government agency that reviews
Postal Service requests for higher rates. Postal Rate
Commission Chairman Lee Fritschler said the rates will
bring the Postal Service about St billion less per year
than the $3.75 billion it had said it needs. Postmaster
General William F. Bolger said last week the agency may
need to ask for higher rates again later this year if the
rate commission did not approve the full request.
Fritschler told a Senate subcommittee today the com-
mission approved the l8-cent rate for the first ounce ofa
ﬁrst-class letter and 17 cents per ounce after that. On
Other classes of mail. he said the commission approved
rates generally similar to those requested by the Postal
Service.

Carter Deal Upheld

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The Reagan administra-
tion confirmed Wednesday it will uphold former Presi-
dent Carter’s agreement with lran that led to release of
the 52 American hostages. The decision was made after
it four-Week review. during which the complicated uc-
cord was jttdged to be legal under US law, said State
Department spokesman William J. Dycss. “We believe
it is irt the overall interests ofthe United States to carry
out the agreements." said Dycss. “The conclusion of
tire .rgrectt. .tLS was a legal exercise of presidential
authority." Having said that. however. Dycss voiced the
Reagan administration's displeasure that Carter had
ttcgolizttcd for release of tire hostages and said Rcttgnn
would have reacted with swift punishment rather than
Irrlk. Tltc rtgrccmcnt \ ’ilS signed by Carter on January l9
rrnd the hostages were rclcasctl January 20. shortly ttftcr
Reagan was sworn into office turd 444 days rtftcr they
were taken hostage by lrttnituts who stormed the U.S.
Embassy in Tehran. "The present administration would
not have negotiated with Iran for release of the
hostages." Dyess said. “Future acts of state-sponsored
terrorism against the United States will mcct swift and
sure punishment."

Teens are the Loneliest

(CPS) Eighteen-to-twcnty year-olds are probably thc
lonelicst people in America. at least according to studies
done by Dr. Robert Weiss of the University of
Mussachttsclls-Boston. along with Dr. Richard Maisel.
“We surveyed all different age groups. frotn iii on up.
and our results suggested tltat there was more loneliness
among the youngest people." Weiss says. He explains
that older teens begin to feel very much alone when tltcy
cannot find urtbstitutcs for the emotional security
previoust offered by home and family. Weiss says the
loneliness is compounded by the fear that “l‘m the only
one who feels this way." An incoming student will look
around and see others happy and sttrroundcd by friends.
and will feel like a failure in comparison. Weiss told
Seventeen magazine that young people idealistically ex-
pect to have many deep. lasting relationships. Failure to
realize these hopes can lead to depression—anothcr part
of loneliness. Older people. with a lifetime of ex-
perience. tend to be more realistic. however. and are not
affected as deeply as teen-agers.

Drug. Use Declines

ANN ARBOR. Michigan (AP) Marijuana use among
high school seniors appeared to drop off in I980 — the
ﬁrst decline in 20 years —- but experimentation with
some harder drugs seems to have risen. researchers at
the University of Michigan say. And while American
high schools likely never will be drug-free. the overall
use of illicit drugs apparently has leveled off. according
to a report released Wednesday by tile university's in-
stitute for Social Research. "We still have a long way to
go before we return to anything like the relatively drug-
free years of the ‘50's." said Lloyd Johnston, one of
three social psychologists who compiled the report. "in
fact. it seems unlikely that we ever will return to those
levels. But the dramatic rise over the last two decades in
the proportion of young people involved with illirrt
drugs appears at or very near an end." he said. 'l he
report was based on a comparison of questionnaire
resoonses from nearly 17,000 seniors in the class of 1980
with seniors from previous classes. Results of the five-
year. nationwide survey will be published next month by
the National institute on Drug Abuse as “Highlights
from Student Drug Use in America 1975-1980." There
was no indication how the students were chosen to
receive questionnaircsor what the margin of error was
' ' in projecting the results.‘ ‘ ‘ ’ " '

 

 

____________
2W

SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) Leftist leaders
charged Thursday that 100 US. military advisors are
mastermindlng a counter-insurgency plan to “cut off
the head of the leftist and intellectual sectors in El
Salvador." The Salvadoran junta and US. Embassy
sources denied the accusation. The Democratic Revolu-
tionary Front, a coalition of leftists who want to set up a
Marxist government. said in a communique to news
media that the “shameful aid from Washington" had
“obliged the junta to turn schools into barracks." The
Front said the U.S. attitude should remind the wood of
"what happened not too many years ago in Vietnam."
The left said that a small school 20 miles northwest of
the capital had been turned into a barracks for the ad-
visors. The accusation came as a prestigious Brazilian
newspaper said the Reagan administration's policy on El
Salvador would bring about a “resuscitation of the left"
in Latin America. An administration effort to drum up
support for its El Salvador policy from European
leaders. meanwhile. was not met enthusiastically. U.S.
Embassy sources said there are 18 US advisors in the
country. 13 assisting pilot training for six helicopters
given to El Salvador in January and five advising on
"protection for the harvest. None are combat advisors.
none leave the capital. none has ever accompanied a
military patrol into the combat zone and none has fer-
ried troops to a combat zone on a helicopter." said the
embassy source who asked not to be identified. Ruling
junta President Jose Napolean Duarte also strongly
denied the left's allegations. "El Salvador rejects and
repudiatcs any kind of intervention." he told The
Associated Press in a telephone interview. "We arc scck-
ittg Salvadoran solutions for Salvadoran problems.”

U.S. Budget Criticized

LONDON. England (AP) President Reagan‘s economic
proposals to Congress. with sweeping spending cuts and
it big defense increase. drcw ttngry words frotn the
Soviet Union on Thursday and other nations I'caclcd
cautiously. “Ton ntttny ifs." strid the authoritative
Financial Times of London. reflection the attitudes of
many European economic specialists. Most observers
were quick to point out that the proposals cottld change
on the way through Congress. The Soviet news agency
Tass ICTOCd itr on Reagan's proposal to boost defense
spending by $l69.5 billion through l‘)8(t. lt accused him
of inventing figures on Soviet defense outlays “to justify
the unbridled lncrcusc itt American military expen-
diture" and charged that tltc new administration was in-
itiating “a new sharp turn itr the arms race." The
Kremlin and the Reagan administration have engaged in
a war of words since the new president took office vow-
ing a harder line on U.S.-Soviet affairs. The dollar fell
on foreign exchanges despite days of cuphoria before
Reagan announced the proposed cuts in spending and
taxes. The U.S. cttrrcney touched its highest levels in
years last Monday. Dealers said the drop had little to do
with the president's announcement. They said it came
about when German and Swiss authorities trying to halt
the slide in their currencies raised their interest rates
while US. rates fell. There was little immediate govern-
ment reaction from Western Europe. '

Nixon Supports Cuts

 

 

 

 

COLUMBUS. Ohio (AP) in his first speech at a political
forum since resigning office in 1974. former President
Richard M. Nixon urged Congress and the public to sup-
port budgct cttts proposed by President Reagan in order
to ward off economic disaster. At a sold-out GOP fund-
raiser Wednesday. Nixon called Reagan's message to
Congress "the most important economic spccclt given
by an American president since World War ll." He told
a crowd of 650 to 700 party faithful there was “a better
than even chance" that Congress would approve the
program. But lte warned Reagan will have to fight for
his proposed budget cuts. In Congress. “the knives
already are being sharpened. Everyth is saying. ‘Cut
the budget. bill don‘t cut us.‘ " he said. A crowd of 200
to 300 demonstrators pickcted outside the downtown
hotel where Nixon spoke. waving signs that read
“Honk if yotr think Nixon is a crook." I

Poland To End Strikes

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Aftcr months of turmoil.
Poland was nearly strike frcc Thursday as farmers in a
remote mountain village near the Smicl border were ex-
pected to approve an agreement ending the nation‘s last
known labor protest. A spokcsttttttt for the Gdansk
headquarters of the independent trade trnion Solidarity
said settlement of farmer protests iii southeastern
Poland could finally end the nationwide strikes that
started in August. "However. there may be sottte
isolated action of which we know nothing." he said
"But generally. nethlng is happening.“ Tire scttlcnrcnts
came a week after Poland's ncw premier. Gen. Wo»
jciech Jaruzclski took office with a plea for a 90«day
labor truce and promised tt government of dialogue and

 

 

" negotiation. Prospects for calm increased Thursday

i

when students across the nation cancelled protests one
by one as word of an agreement ending month-long stu.
dent strikes in Lodz spread. Meanwhile. farmers occu-
pying a headquarters building of the old. government.

' run union in Rzeszow said they would leave as soon as

an agreement they signed early Thursday was approvw
by some 20 farmers holding a sit-in at Solidarity ofﬁces
in Ustrzyki Doine, a remote village of some 5,000 people
tucked in a mountain valley eight miles from the Soviet
border. Both government media and spokesmen for the
Ustrzyki Dolnc farmers were optimistic that the issue
was all but settled. The protests there and in chszou.
began over registration of a union of independml
farmers under the name Rural Solidarity. But that inn.-
has been “delayed” for later discussion.

Coal Strike Cancelled

LONDON. England (AP) Prime Minister Min-g“...
Thatcher's surrender to the threat of a nationwide con]
strike did severe damage to her “iron lady" image today
and raised the prospect of more vigorous union assault-g
on her economic policies. With some 50.000 of [mths
230.000 coal miners on strike and the rest expected to
vote today to walk out. the head of Britain’s Corner.
vative government Wednesday night canceled plum 1.,
close 23 money-losing mines. The independent Filtaltt'iul
Times said it was "probably the biggest public mm.-
for the government since it took office" by a landslide in
May. I979. “Surrender and humiliation." said the pm.
Conservative Daily Mail. Under the headline "The big
Climbdown." it said the “ﬁasco will serioust corn.
promise Mrs. Thatcher’s credibility as the iron lady of
British politics. The implications could be dcvrtslrttittg
for the government’s battle to hold the line on the rest (If
the industrial front." ‘

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

Ralph Nader to Speak

' ('onsumcr' :tttivist Ralph Nader will gi\crt hv'jtltrtl. ...t.
dress at tile New York Public iIilCtL‘st
(NYPIRGYK Seventh Annual Spring Confctcnrr.

The confcrcttcc will be held l’cbt’ttury 2| tttlti .‘1 .tt
SUNYA. It will feature workshops on \otrng -r-.-ln\.
higher education funding. sttfc energy. political tr-tmrr.
community organizing. women's issues. crurrptr .r.
tivism. and environmental protection.

Also. five NYl’lRG Citizenship awards urll lw
prcscnlcd to New York residents who llilH.‘ tu.rrlt- .r
long term contribution as active citizens. Ottc ol tlrl~
year's recipients will reportedly be Long island It'wltit‘lil
and singer Harry Chopin. for his work on \\nrlr|
Hunger.

A special feature of this conference will be at \t'll\‘\ oi
workshons on investigative journalism. L‘tttttittclt'ti by
professional journalists. Village Voice columnist ,lint
Ridgcway will lead the panel of journalists.

Students of all schools are invited to attend litc con-
ference and will be charged a $l0 registration fcv. for
further information contact Ucorgc Dctsltrttrr .ll
457-4623.

Career Day to be Held

Delta Sigma Pi‘s Sixth Annual Career l).'t_\ mll be
held February 25 in the Campus (‘entcr liztllromrr.

Over 40 firms will be represented. including l.ll..\l..
Xerox. W.R.O.W. and tire l-'.li.l.

Career Day will feature former Associtnc i)t‘tlll nl
Graduate Studies at New York Ullivt'tsil.‘ “"‘i
forruer Director of Recruiting of Arthur Young r\t 0“”1'
ring firms l-‘rcd Siegcl speaking on job lttlulint' Mm“
and interviewing techniques.

Othcr speakers include President Vittccttl (fl NI."
Vice President of Academic Affairs Davc Mttttitr. Dom
of Student Affairs Neil Brown. and l)ctttr ol the
-liusiness School William Holstein.

All SUNYA students iifL‘ invited to attend t-IH‘C'
Day is jointly sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi. bt‘Nif"
Forum. and tire (‘lrtsvcs of ‘tll. ‘82. ‘83 and ‘84, .lllti “Ill
be held from 9 run. to 4 pm. next \k’cdtmrlul-

Wharton To Give Awards

Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton Jr. ttnnounccd lllb
week that 44 SUNY undergraduate ittSlt‘uv‘lnts h.r\c
been recognized for outstanding performance.

The instructors. representing l9 ctrrrtl“"'~'"
chosen front tr group of l79 who submitted ttlttlv‘ml‘ l"
a University-wide committee. The proposals were to rrr-
\‘olve the itnprovctnertl of undergraduate education.

The honored will receive awards totaling SXSJW- 1"“
maximum for each professor cannot csccdc $2.000.

Tltc professors selected front SUNYA include Dr.
Lester ii. Brown. School of Social \Vclfut'c: Dr. .lt‘llj
M» S1115i. Department of Psychology and Dr. t‘hrnlcs .l.

t mt...

\kt'il'

 

jTeplitz of the School of Business.

 

 

 

 

Page Three

   

 

Albany Student Press

 

RA Roam Fee Waivers to Stay

by Brian G. Schwageri

in response to criticism of the
proposed cutbacks in residence
assistant (RA) renumerations.
Governor Hugh L. Carey and the
New York State Division of Budget
announced late last Week they
would drop plans requiring that
RA‘s pay partial room fees next

year.
The announcement. however.
catnc after most students had

already decided whether to apply
for the positions. According to tire
Office of Residences. the number of
students applying to be residence
assistants has declined this year.
Assistant Vice Chancellor for
Student Affairs Ronald M. Bristow
said SUNY Central asked each cartr-
pus to provide them with a struc-
ntent of the probable impact of tire
cuts, turd the damage it would do to
the residcttcc assistant program.
"This rcccivcd it great deal of
negative reaction. probably ntorc
than any other specific itettt in the
budget." Bristow said. "Usually

when that happens. it doesn‘t come
up agttin itt subsequent budgets."
“The residence assistants provide
some very important functions to
the residence hall program. When

   
 

The SUNY Central building

yott look. -for example. at the
number of hours they give. a room
waiver is not an unreasonable com-
pensation. By cutting back the
room waiver and making the
residence assistant pay somewltere
in the neighborhood of $300 a year
for a room. you would not en-
courage the sclcction of nrore
qualified people." he said.
SUNYA Acting Director of
Residences Patti Doyle said. “it's a
possibility that if the job were not
as attractive. people might think
twice about whether or not to apply
for the residence assistant position
or whether or not to get anotherjob
on or off campus." Students are
certainly rtot going to get rich scrv-
ing as residence assistants. and they
certainly ptrt an awful lot of time on
the job. For many people it's an ac-
tive decision that they ttccd to find a
job working 20 hours it week with u
proportionally greater income."
licsidcs u roottt waiver. RA‘s now
receive u $l25 stipend per semester.
Colonial Qttttd Coordinator
HO\ and Woodrttfl believes that
rcsidcncc assistants should bc better
paid. "Frankly. they don't receive
tltc rttirtirnrtm wage now for the
number of hours they pttt in.“ he

 
   

photo: Mttrt Ann llmrtl.

The decisions rcttllel'crl here have rt'SlI/lt'l/ in great unttrovt-mv.

said: “They play an important role
in the residential community and
they should be contpcnsatcd for it
the way anybody else is compen—
sated for the work that they do."

"it ltas been more difficult to
recruit RA's' for tire last fottr or five
years." lrc added. “and that's pro-
bably bccnttsc the responsibilities of
beittg an RA are increasing. and the
renurncration is not necessarily
keeping pace with it."

Dutch Quad Coordinator Gayle
Griffith also, notic‘ it decreased up-
pcal for the position. "A lot of
students are saying that there isn't
as much interest in gcncrnl for the
job. and i can't pinpoint what tltc
specific t‘cttsotts.ttrc." she strid. “I
think the proposed Carey cutbacks
were it contributing factor."

Griffith is quick to poittt out
howcvcr. that the job still provides
many intangible benefits. "I don’t
think l‘vc ever met llli RA who
hasn't sttid nt tltc curl of his or ltct
cxpcticncc tltut it wasn't worth it
rtrtd that they hrtvcn't lctu'ncd rt lot
from it." she sttiti.

Strident Matty Krol. who is trpply-
irtg for an RA position on Dutch
Quad. contmcntcd. “i don't think
that thc moncttrry rtspccts of tin: job

 

Director of Res dences Pmtl Doyle

      

photo: Milt! Farrell

" ' 0 ~ - 1 ‘ l ' '
Slur/t III.\ are rrrlrnnlr nnl going to gel m-lt " as [M is.

should be such it major fttctor on
why pcoplc inc applying illid why
they are not.

“I think when people apply to be
RA‘s they want to do whrtt the job
is culling for. trot bcctrusc it's just
illlOiilL‘I' jolt. puitl for. with it free
room. l‘tn lookittg forward to hm-
ing it section. planning lltlllgs and
getting groups of pcoplc together ."
Krol sold.

llowcter. (irifl'ltlr rrlso sttirl tltttt
some RA's clrosc not to I‘L‘1Ippr
bccrttrsc they found tltc job too

dcmanding.

i.iSil Vccltio. an RA on Dutch
Quad, said the experience is
beneficial. bttt thut onc year is
enough for ilL‘l'. “i loved the job
and ltltink that it was probably one
of the best decisions l'vc ever made
hctc rrt SUNYA." she said. “i
lctrrtrcd u lot about mysclfttttd d:rt|-
ing with other pt'oplc. iicing able to
help itt pctsntttll problems rrnd try-
ing to make everyone feel comfor-
tnblc meeting other people mrrkcs
the fuel good."

Hike Prevention Called Unlikely

by Ilruee W. Fox

"it looks like students are going
to be stuck with it."

That's what rt source at tltc New
York State legislature sold this week
about the proposed SiSO tuition
hike the SUNY board of Trustees is

likely to approve before the end of

March.

According to Assembly Higltcr
Education Committee Chair Mztrk
Sicgel. tltcrc is “no way" the
legislature can stop the trustees
from raising tuition. '

Last week. the executive commit-
tee of the bottrd of trustees voted to
raise tuition. Thc fttll board cannot
legally give final approval until at

least 30 days uftct the executive
committee vote.

The cttt'licsl scheduled meeting of
tire full board after the tltirty dtty
waiting period is March 24.

Sicgcl maintains. however. that
tltc trustees have -"no justification"
for raising tuition at this time. He
cltttt'gcd tltc trustees with “showing
contempt for tltc democratic pro-
cess“ by considering it tuition ltikc
before the legislature has rt cltttncc
to rtct to restore funds.

“The lcgisltrturc has the power to
override (iovcruor (llrrglt L.)
Carey's budget cuts and rcttllocntc
money for SUNY. making it tuition
hike unnecessary." rrtltlcti Sicgel.

“We proved this itt Wilt). bttt ap—
pnrctttly the trustees huvcn’t leurn-
ctl."

Siegcl conceded. however. that
even if the trustees can be convinced
to postpone n tuition bike. which he
says is "unlikely." there is “no
guarantee" that the legislature can
restore the tnottey which Carey cttt.

A spokeswoman for Senate
Higher Education Committee Chair
Kenneth LnVnHe said the senator is
unhappy with the situation btrt fccls
tltcrc is little he can do about it. Site
charged lillli SUNY Chancellor
Clifton" Wharton. Jr. never met
with the senator before making his

('()lllfllllt‘(/ on page clove/t

Reagan Planning to Reduce Education Support

WASHINGTON. D.C. (CPS)
Marking good on promises to try to
rc-strttctttrc and cttt back on federal
cductttion programs. the Rcugan
administration wants to reduce its
support for education by 20 percent
by l9iiZ. and in tire process shttrply
decrease financial ttid to disadvan-
taged. minority. uttd middle-income
students.

Those are tlte highlights of
budget tccornmcttdations made by
Office of Management and Bridget
chief David Stockmnn itt tt corr-
l'idcntiul prcvicw obtaincd by the
ll'rtsltittglon l’trvt.

The preview. distributed to
members of congressional btrdget
uttd appropriations corttntittces. ttd-
voctttcs undoing much of tire Mid-
dlc lncomc Student Assistance Act
— n rucusurc that took the Carter
administration two years to
nnvigttlc tltrottglt Congress — uttd
replacing most college programs
with two huge block grants.

()nc legislator. Rep. Carl Perkins
(D-Ky). chairman of the House
iiductuion-l.rtbor ('ontmittcc. vow-
cd to "use his last breath“ to defeat
the budget cuts. sttys one of the
congressnutn's aides.

Specifically. Stockmttn wants to
consolidate some 57 school aid pro-
grttnts into two “block grunts.“
which would be given to state and
local authorities with few strings ttt-

tttt‘hcd. Tire lo 'ttl politicians could
spend the education grunts largely
us they saw fit.

Virtually all the special ilitJ pro-
grams for low-income and minority
students wortld be included itt tltc
block grants. Among the programs
are $3 billion in Title 1 old. Si
billion itt handicapped student aid
(which helps pay for making cunt-
ptts'cs architecturally accessible to
disabled students). and money to
help desegregation. bilingual L‘tiltCiI-
tion. and school'lihrurics programs.

Millions of other students will be
touched by Stockmnrt's recom-
mended cuts in (iuttrttntecd Student
Loan ((iSL). National Direct Stu-
dcnt Lottu (NDSL) and Pull (irttnl
(l'ortncrly lirtsic liducationnl ()p-
portuntty Grunts) financial aid fun-
ding.

Under the Stocktntm pirttt. ltt
which the government underwt'itcs
lorrns to students and parents at low
interest rtrtcs. mortcy would be pro-
vidcd only after remaining sources
of old were accounted for in deter-
mining tt student‘s need.

The government would also drop
“in-school interest subsidies."
Under the current system. students
rcpuy back loans for tuition at rrinc
percent interest rates. while the
government pays the difference bet-
wecrt nine percent and the regular
interest rates banks charge other

customers.

if thc Stockmrtn pltrn is approx-
cd. students and prtrcuts will have
to pay the rcgttlur market interest
rates on the lotrus. which at this
writing is about 20 percent.

Stocktnnn. \vhosc suggestions
rcportcdly will be incorporated itt
President Reagan's budget proposal
to Congress. also wtrnts to cttt ctr-
Iircly l'cdcrnl support of NDSLs.
Now the forrr pcr'ccnt loans are
nwrttdcd to students wltcn the
students‘ schools agree to pttt up it)
percent of thc tuottcy needed. The
government would tltcn pttt up the
remaining 90 percent trt l‘uvorttblc
ittlct'cst rrttcs.

liut Stockmttn wtutts the federal
government to phase out its sup-
ports of NDSi.s itt 25 percent in-
crements over the uc'kl four years.

I-'inn||y. Slockmtrn wants Zito.000
students cut from the l’cll (lrttut
progrttm in botlt |9lil and Will.

Tltc (Trtrlct’ ttdtrritristratlon". Mid-
dlc lrtcornc Student Assistuncc Act
rnrrdc students from families that
earn more tlttttt “5.000 eligible for
Pcll (trams for tire first time recent»
ly. iii the l‘)79-80 academic year.

Stocktmtn. however. would make
many of those students ineligible
again by restricting Pell Grants to
students from families making less
than $25,000 rt year. which is now
the natioqu median family Income.

All three of thc stttdcttt tritl pro
grams Stocktnttn wttuls cut tttc
nlrcrtdy litt' subject of legislation
proposed by the (‘ttt'lct' administra—
tion. ('trttcr‘s littul cdtrctttion
budget. released just drrys before
the Rcugtttt IllillltllllitiiOll. uskcd for
it $600 million cttt ill tltc (iSl. pro—
gram. for ti iltlt) million cttt itt
N|)Sl.s. and for dropping the may-

Hills

Plue Hills Molestcr'.

molester) in that neighborhood."

 

L

h
Community and Students
Join Against University

in an effort to deal with the issues of high rent. high utility bills and
security. approximately 45 Albany residents have formed the Pine
Student-Community Alliance.
Association Director Mark Dunlcu.

He strid the group is “organizing the community against the State
University because they (SUNY) have ignored the problems created by
tltc university in the Pine Hills neighborhood."

Dunlctt charged that the university muintnins poor bus service, takes
no responsibility for housing off-campus students. was absent in the
students' struggle for voting rights. and ltns done little to combat the

“They should have demanded tltnt something be done (about the

Tlr- alliance intends to concentrate on the urea bordered by Lurk
and Main Streets. and Park Ave. and Prudford Street.

Dunlcn said the organization hus nlrcady knocked on 800 doors and
sent out 2200 letters and is planning an action in the near future.

innttrt l’cll Grant frotn M900 to

$l260 pcr student pcr ttcrtdcmic
yctrt.
'i'hosc relatively-modest pro-

posals moved lobbyist Stcvc Leif-
rtntn of the Coalition of indepen-
dent College and University
Students to predict that “u lot of
students would be wiped out“I if the

according to Off-Campus

ltc suld.

 

——Susan Mllllw

 

 

 

 

