 

 

    

The Handgun Reality-g

 

Time to Get Control

“Guns don't kill, people do." How
many times do we have to listen to that
ridiculous argument? Obviously we cannot
eliminate potential murderers before the
fact, therefore, we must control the han-
dguns which are used in many of these
murders. But the constitution guarantees
the right to bare arms. The constitution also
guarantees certain other rights of freedom
— freedom from fear of being murdered, as
it may be interpreted in this instance. An in-
dividual’s right to life takes precedent over
an individual’s right to bare arms.

It is time to stop viewing the gun-control
issue from a position of idealism. The issue
is ttot an idealistic one and in viewing it as
such the reality of the situation is often ig-
nored. The reality of the situation is that
people are being murdered every day and in
the majority of instances they are being

murdered by handguns.
The reality of the situation is that we can
no longer allow our state and federal
representatives to be persuaded 'by certain
pro-handgun interest groups whose
arguments are often invalid and unrealistic.
We are told that, "ifguns are outlawed, on.
ly outlaws will have guns, thereby throwing
the average, law-abiding citizen to the mer-
cy of the criminal." The fact is, the majorl-
ty of murders are not committed by those
previously ordained as society's criminal
element.
in most handgun murders, the killer has
previously been known as a productive
member of society, who for some reason,

commits his act of brutality against a family
member. a friend. a neighbor or art ac~

quaitttancc. The attack usually takes place
during a rage of anger, frustration and/or
fear itt which tltat person's emotions allow
for an irrational decision to commit
murder. While it is true that handgun con-
trol will not eliminate those murders com-
mitted by society's ordained criminal ele-
ment, it will help to reduce tltose murders
that would not itavc taken place if a ban-
dgutt was not immediately available to the
otherwise law-abiding citizen.

Another ludicrous argument used by pro-
handgun advocates is that handguns are
necessary to protect the homes of average.
law-abiding citizens from intruders inten-
ding to comtnil a criminal act. There may
be a few cases in which the possession of a
handgun has protected the homeowner
from such an intruder. but this is the cxccp-
tion rather than the rule. in most instances,

J. Scott-Greer '

the intruder has taken the occupant by sur-
prise, giving him little chance to use his han-
dgun as a means of defense. The National
Rifle .A
guns and ammunition be locked separately
in order to insure safe storage. ‘

it seems highly unrealistic that the
average. law-abiding handgun owner, who
would obviously conform to these recom-
mendations. would be able to react quickly
enough if surprised by an intruder. That is,
to unlock both gun and ammunition, then
load the gun and use it before the intruder
chooses to defend himself through some act
of violence.

The rc'ality of the situation is that increas-
ing the prison sentence for those people
convicted of using a handgun to commit a
crime will not, by itself. cause a substantial
reduction in the number of handgun

 

 

 

-..-------..----
murders. it may help to reduce those han-
dgtttt tnurdcrs that are well planned days irt
advance, bttt it will do nothing to deter tltc
majority of handgun murders which are
decided upon and implemented spon-
tatteously.

The reality of the situation is that
America is the most violent society in the
industrial world. When examining this
situation cross-culturally, it becomes ob-
viotts that tltc easy access Americans have
to handguns is the variable that
distinguishes tltc higlt ttturder rate in the
United States frotn the relatively low
murder rates experiettccd in other first
world countries.

The reality of the situatiort is that we
need to prohibit the possession of handguns
so tltat average, law-abiding citizens can
protect themselves frotn themselves. ‘

' ' itself: ' " thatl

 

 

 

 

 
 

Quad Politics

To the Editor:

About a month or two ago, i wrote a let-
ter entitled, "RA Warning-" A5 or [he
printing of this letter, no formal reply hf“
been offered on behalf of tltosc inyolved In
the accusations.

The feedback that i received was over-
 ' ' with the vast majority of it being
extremely positive. But those who did
criticize it (three people to be specific) did
so because they felt it lacked objectivity. To
avoid that problem, this letter was pro-
ofread by one of those who criticized the
previous one.

Tltc purpose of this letter is not to restate
or force the issues that the previous letters
presented quite substantially. The purpose
of this letter is simply to add to the list or
issues.

As a member of State Quad Board, l
have had further occasion to be in conflict
with the Quad Coordinator, Ms. Snyder.
This tithe, though, she wasn‘t effecting just
those on the Residence Staff but the whole
Quad. Would you believe that she was itt
: ' m of money that belonged to Quad
Board and would not give it back without a
hassle? This was tnoncy that was raised to
fund the quad yearbook and it was a
substantial amount.

Attd, at a recent Quad Board meeting,
Ms. Snyder was questioned by a resident
who felt that she had lied to him about the
RA selection process. i will make no at-
tempt to answer the question of whether or
ttot site did lie since she herself tnadc no at-
tempt to answer this. Instead, site simply
told ltcr questioner that she would attswcr
his question in private.

What did she ltavc to hide? if she is going
to make herself available for questioning in
a public forutn, she should not choose to
answer only those questions that are to her
liking. Especittlly since more than just the
questioner wanted to hear the answer.

I would like to briefly reiterate one poittt
raised itt my first letter, that beittg the
criteria of academic requirements. As I had
said, I (and others) was removed frottt tltc
position as a Resident Assistant by a re-
qttircntent that had ttot previously existed,
' ltt addition, I ltttve recently learned that this
reqttirctttcnt was no longer it) existence
when the RAs for the next year were
selected. Although l'm sure this was pttrcly
coincidental, I'll be graduating itt May 50
the change itt requirements will be of no
benefit to tire. i would also like to poittt ottt
that itt a meeting at the beginning of the
semester with Dean Brown. SA President
Sue Gold and myself, Dean llrowtt stated

 

 

that Ms. Snyder is tltc one responsible for

 

 

  
    

till-oil , THIS
CttRlott’s LE
HEY“ RRY

f

  
 

 

 

  
  

it ,Tl'l
ME A Rivet, WtLtggdlU?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

determining the requirements on State
Quad.

And as for the other allegations raised irr
my ﬁrst letter, it seems that, in her own
way, Ms. Snyder has responded. lit a letter
to her staff, she said that she was
"amused" by what she read itt the ASP. I
know of few others who were so arnuscd.

And, in a less amusing move, Ms. Snyder

A has removed me from all Judicial liotttd
cases in which she is involved. I was also in-
formed that i could be completely removed
from the board if she so desired. While 1
can see ltow she might feel that i am biased,
it is, nevertheless, incredibly ironic since for
my Judicial Board position, like my |{,\
position, i was selected by a L'tllllllllllcc ol
which Ms. Snyder was a member.

In addition, even after We made at.
tempts at conversation, Ms. Snyder has not
spoken a word to me sittcc my first lL‘llct
was published. While 1 can see that she llltl_\'
have been offended when she saw tltc facts
in black and wltite, l do rtot feel that giving
me the silent treatment is an effective not
tnaturc way of dealing with ltcr frustration.
Especially for someone in her position.

The allegations mentioned in my first let-
tcr seemed serious ettouglt to the Student
Affairs Committee that they felt it should
be investigated. They also felt (for r :tsolts
that are beyond me) that the Residence (lt-
ficc was tltc proper authority to hold such
art investigation. This was tilt unfortunate
ntovc because as predicted, the Residence
Office decided that no wrottg doings am
committed. Not a very surprising finding.

As was the case with my first letter, I nut
sure that to sortie, this letter may seem to hc
my cltattcc to voice my vcngcncc. lint its
previously mentioned, tltc majority of those
who approached the riot only felt that llll\
was an appropriate means btrt also exprcs»
ed the fccling that it was long overduc.

— Steve (ierltcr

Keeping the Peace

To the Editor:

The SUNYA Pcacc Project began in Witt)
irt a response to President Carter's llllr
ttouttcentettt of registration for a draft.
Despite his claims that registration was not
a draft, students fclt tltc need to lllttkt'
others aware that there has never been tt
registration without a draft. The implica-
tions of a draft at a time of increasing tctt
siott itt the Middle East seriously concct ncd
students working for world pcacc. Tllt'll
concerrt culminated itt tltc formation of tltc
SUNYA Peace Project.

A new administration in Washington and
thc foctts of U.S. foreign policy potentinlh
threatening world peace have precipitated
renewed student interest in tire Pcttcc l'ro-
jcct. How this interest manifests itself is tlu-
purpose of this letter.

The Peace Project distributes litctatttrc
on the relationship of U.S. foreign policy.
war and registration. it is art CVccllcnl
source of infortnation on alternatives to
"L‘ng 'ttiott. Mcntbcts work on u potpourri
of issues: ROTC's bid for art ott-ctunpus of»
ficc, developing attd implementing a draft
counseling service to ltelp people cvttntittc
their alternatives to registration, enhancing
student awareness of contetnporary U.S.
foreign policy issues (i.c., El Salvador) and

communicating with legislators about tltc
bill introduced to reinstate the draft.

The Peace Project is presently plilltlllllii %'
week of events germane to these issues.
April 28-30. Tuesday, April 28. n slitlt‘
show, “El Salvador, A Country ltt Crisis."
will be shown throughout the tiny. i‘toln
7-ll p.m. there will he a foruttt: Anti~
lnterventiortist Perspectives on lit Snlvndot.
Wednesday. April 29, Peter (fox, n SUNYA
Political Science professor will spcttk on lltL‘
MX tnissile. Thursday, April Jtl, there will
be dialogues on war and pcttcc from noon
to 4:00 pm. A filtu, War Witttont Winners.
will be shown at 7:00 p.nt. by Sister ltnr Ittttn
DiTamusso. A discussion will follow.

The Peace Project wclcotttcs all)’ N"
tercstcd souls. Meetings are WUtlltt‘stltt.“ 4"
7:00 p.m. itt PA 126. ML'lllllt‘It. tllc cn‘
courugcd to pursue areas of their jut-l'th

 

    

t

 

 

 

 

 

interest. We alternate organizational and
discussion meetings. Topics for discussion
are determined at general and steering cont-
mittee meetings. Recent discussions have
facuscd on American interventiott in El
Salvador and Guatemala. This Wednesday,
Duncan Earle, a former Peace Corp worker
itt Guatemala, will speak on the present
situation there. This will take place itt PA
126 at 7:00 pm.

lfwhat you read in tltc papers or hear on
the news upsets you, take refuge in tlte
thought — you are not alottc. Stop by
Wednesday night or at the Albany Student
Union Office.

— Kate ()‘Deu
___El.lli0_u_5—
To the Editor:

lam writing with regard to WCDli's and
UCB‘s promotional “Rock Night at the
Rafters" that took place on Thursday.
April 4. The three days prior to the event
WCDB sponsored a llstcnct' cull-in contest.
Many tickets were won by eager fans of
WCDB who desired to obtain tickets to at-
tend the disco. The $3.50 ticket was to
cover bus and adtttission.

On the morning of Wednesday, April 8,
my sttitctnate and I answered a trivia ques-
tion and were assured four tickets,
transportation included. i was furious when
I discovered on tltc cvcning of tire trip that
thc bttscs were cancelled. With tto access to
a car, i was stranded on campus with hopes
for a good evcnittg at the Rafters dashed.

A replacement set of tickets or a
reasonable alternative would lltt\’t.‘ been tltc
least they could ltnvc dottc, but no such of—
fer was mtttlc. WCl)ll — yotr have just lost
on avid listener.

 

— Jeff Frclluelt

No Weight

To the Editor:

Requirements to bc a member of thc Stu-
dcnt Association:

1. You must take all orders and likc
thetn.

2. Do ttot question tltc ideas of your
superiors.

3. No creativity is allowed, unless it is the
same as that of your superiors.

4. Beware of any power bestowed ttpon
you, for there is bouttd to be an ulterior
motive.

5. if you feel tltcrc ttrc flaws witltitt tltc
systctn, you must suffct ftttstrtttion, for it is
hopeless that the system will ever change.

i was chosen to coordiutttc tt conunittcc
for a ccrtaitt project, of wltich l was told i
would have total cottttol, only to find qttitc
the opposite to bc ttttc. l'tlt‘lt tintc the co-
ttttttittcc tltL‘l, the person abot c tttc (whose
name tnttst be withheld) guvc tttc strict in-
structions to follow anti would ttot allow
arty feedback from me concerning the
orders. When i totally gained enough
courage to tell ltcr l disagreed with tltc platt,
i found myself alottc with no other
superiors to talk to as she “l'ttthutlc it.”

Students, all t eatt say is that the SA of-
fice is a dictatorship-where yott must have a
position to be heard anti your voice doesn't
count. This is reflected itt the fact that there
is, as of now, only one person running for
SA President.

.— Name Withheld Upon Request

CB Tallies

To the Editor:

For everyone who participated itt Univcr»
5in Concert Board's (UCli) telephone
Survey, the results have now been tallied.
Tltc purpose of tltc survey was to discover
the tnttsical likes and dislikes. ol' tltc
SUNYA population in order that UCll grtitt
u better understanding of what tltc students
on this campus want ill a concert.

Of tltesc students polled, ‘Xl percent lltt.‘
aware that UCll publicich its upcoming
cvonts. 30 percent numed posters as the
lﬂrttcst attention getter. Word-of—nronth
advertising was rated second, radio spots
and the ASP tied for third. Tltc must listen—

 

 

cd to radio stations by Albany students was
a tie between 104 (WQBK) FM and l06
(WPYX) FM, both with approximately 33
percent of the polled population.

For those students who buy tickets to
UCB sponsored events, 45 percent buy their
tickets on the first day ofsalcs while 20 per-
cent buy tickets the night of the show. The
students preferred seeing a cottcert at the
Palace Theatre as computed to Page Hall,
the Campus Center Ballroom, or a beer
baslt. However, studettts when questioned
about ballroom shows overwhelmingly
chose 9:30 p.m. as the preferred starting
titttc of such an event. This piece of infor-
mation influenced the start of botlt shows
during UCli Weekend, featuring Jot'tna
Kattkottcn attd The Todd Hobiu Band.

Rock-n-Roli was polled as the number
ottc prcfct'cncc itt music by SUNYA
students. This category runs the spectrum
frottt hard to folk rock. The following top
tett favorite artists corresponds to this state-
ment. Tltcse include: lirucc Springsteen,
Billy Joel, Jackson iirowttc, Ncil Yottttg,
The Doors, The Rollittg Stones, The Cars,
The Who and Steely Dan. Obviously most
of these bands are ottt of UCB's budget
especially considering tltttt 96 percent of tile
students polled felt that any pric- abovc
nine dollars was too tnuch to pay for a
ticket to a concert. ltt addition to this fact,
it sltottld be ttotcd that the ’alttcc Thctttrc,
being ottr major vcttttc. does not have the
seating capacity to accommodate gtottps of
this popularity.

65 pcrccttl of tire students pollcd said it
wcckctttl concert would enhance their ttltcn~
ding such an event as computed to tltc 35
pcrccttt who said it tnttdc tto difference
wltnt ttigltt tltc concert was held. 55 percent
of those boiled said that bus s going to and
frottt tltc shows would inc .' their atten-
dattcc. On a semi-surprising note, 41 pct--
ccnt of the students would attend a concert
evctt if unfamiliar with the pcrforttting
band‘s music.

UCli would like to thank all tltc SUNYA
students cullcd who took the titttc to answer
these surveys and extend a special thanks to
the UCB members who spettt hours on tltc
phone collecting this information. We
would like to assure the students of Albany
that UCli will attempt to grant their wishes
in accordance witlt the results of the survey
whenever possible. if tltcrc are any qttcs-
tiotts concerning UCii and/or tltc cotttcttts
of this survey, feel welcome to entire to our
office itt CC 364 or call us at 7-8520. Better
yet —— come to otrr meetings Monday "him"
at 10:00 "i. ill the CC Assembly Hall.
Again, thanks to cvcryonc.

— University (,‘onct'rt liourd

O.J. Addict

To the Editor:
1 can't keep silent any longer. l'tn forced

to turn to thc ASI’ because no one else will

listen. l‘m an addict and i need ltclp.

Don‘t take tttc wrong; this is no joking
matter. it all stttrtcd so simply when l was it
sophomore itt high school. l‘d cotttc ltotnc
frottt wrestling practice and pour myself a
tall one. Every day, i would increase the
quantity. ltt ntyjnttior year, l‘d open up the
fridgc nttd drink a quart without any trott-
blc. By the titnc l graduated, l was polishing
off a gnllott a tiny. l was hooked anti l kttcw
it.

Motn and [)ad also knew, btrt for sotne
reason the refrigerator was always stocked.
My friends suspected it, too. l'd skip ottt of
school and come back after lunch. i guess
they could smell it on my breath. My
brothers cottld tcll. Tltcy were always corn—
plttitting bccrtttsc l'd drittk itt mass quart-
tities without leaving tltcrtt any.

You can cttll this letter it plca, a cry for
help. Help, ttot only for myself, bttt for all
tltc orattgc juice addicts on campus. That's
rigltt, l'tn talking about vitamin C.‘

Yes, l‘vc suggested to UAS to have the
()..|. at all meals, bttt it was to Ito ttvtttl.
They give us “orange drink" ittst'cttd. When
will'UAS learn that Kool—Aid just doesn‘t
nutkc it?

 

 

—— l.ttrry Show

Settling Standards

The University Senate yesterday overwhelmingly passed a bill
that _will require students, starting with the class of ’86, to fulfill
dtstrtbution requirements. While we are indeed in favor of the
tdca of core requirements, we question the process and the final
outcome of the bill adopted.

Student senators were first informed of the proposal last week
and prepared their arguments for the meeting; After very little or
no debate, the floor was closed and the proposal was voted on.
Why, after many years of being kicked around, was the proposal
r'ailroaded through Senate? '

To make matters worse, the final bill signed was void of
spcctftc requirements. Those will be decided later. Just why
wasn’t a complete, thorough bill presented? This issue has been
ttndcr consideration for tnauy years now. The Senate should have
presented a well-constructed plan with specifics.

Tltc categories to fulfill the requirements are vague. What ac-
tttally falls into each classification will be decided later by the
Curriculum Committee of tire Undergraduate Academic Council.

Appendix l in the proposal was a story along with a survey on
distribution rcquircmcttts that we conducted. At no time did we
ever claim the survey was scientific. At no time did we ever give
permission for it to be published as part of the proposal. And at
no time was it metttioncd itt the proposal that we had conducted
the sttrvcy.

The survey was presented at Senatc as if it were scientific and
reflected the attitudes of the entire student body. The purpose of
ottr survey was primarily to provide insight to tire views of a stnall
cross-section of students and faculty.

Tltc legislative enactment of core requirements is over. But now
it is up to students next year to become actively involved in the
defining of requirements. We must never let the faculty totally
control our academic frccdotn.

If it was indeed on tltc basis of stttdcnt opinion that the core rc-
quircmcnts wcrc rcinstitutcd, it is the right of the students to
determine the specifics of those requirements.

 

é sues

y/SPECTS

Eat-blllhud In 1019

am! [L1 cuaft'ue maqazr'ru

Rob E. Grubmln. Edllor In Chief
Hayden Carruth. Steven A. Groonbltg. Managing Edllors
Sylvia Saunders. San/or Edllar

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Susan Mllllaan, Both Save:
Allocllta News Editors . . Jurito Ehrenberg. Wayno Foeroboom

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

ASPoctI Edltnr . .. ... . .... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Rob Edolatatnv
Alloclnto ASPoctI . Joanna Walnut. Andrew Carroll
Sound Editor. . .. . . . Doug Wall
Vlllon Editor . . . Jim Dixon
Sports Edltot . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bob Ballaltoro
Alloclato Sports Editor: . . . Marc Hoopol, Larry Kahn
Edltorlal Page- Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. PatrlelaBtantoy
Copy Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. Frank J. Gil Jt.. Mltehotl A. Gumbel

 

Stall writers: Ellis Altbrtoht, Anna Bets. Juttonne Buatlc. Joan Btttttdulsky. Robin Blown. Ray Calluulte. Kart Cantor.
Mtchnol Carmen, Anne Cavanaqh. Lotl Cohan. Sharon Cola. Scott Commat. Llaa Denonmatk. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey,
Ellon Epstein, Mark Flachottt, Btucu Fox. Suzanna Gather. Gall Goldataln. Kan Gordon. Etlc Gruhat. Matthew Had-
dnd. Wendell Haddon. James Jnlto, Dabble Judge, Larry Kinsman, Nora Kirby. Kathy Klnane, Chttstopher Koch.
Btuco Levy. Bruce Llabar, Tom Luattk. Jamar. Markotsla. Mark Muratoro. Jack Nuthalt. Ed Plnka. Dlatmuld Ouinn.
Mark Rosalor. Mindy Salute. Jotl Scharintt, Barbara Schindler. Paul Schwartz. Suo Smith. Laurel Solomon. Caroline
Sotntnars Zodiac and Preview Editor-z Marin Garbntlno. Mary Korrlgnn

erllyn Molkowltl. Business Manager
Janet Drollun. Advertising Manager

  
   
  

 
 

Office Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . .. Eonnlostavana
Billing Account-nil . . erlnm Raoplot. Hasty Erodor, Karen Satdoil
clustlt-d Manager . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September Klatn
Composition Min-gar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Haydon Cartuth

a Production Manager. Tammy Geiger Adver-
Suean Kaplnn. Mam Mendelaohn. Carolyn
Judy 8. Santa

Sal": Dave Barton, Roy Loomls. Michael Stenard. Pam Zion Advenllln
tlllna Production: Malta Flash. Dianna Glacola, Michelle Horowitz,
Sodowlck, Olllco Stall: Robin Ealnnaon, Flandl Greanbarn. Trlcln Jensen. Arlono Katlowltz,

Dun Boil. Production Manager
Dob Reynaldo. Dlvld Thlnhltllll, Associate Production Managers

 

VIrtIc-I Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Elissa Back
Plato-tip: David Bock. Rhonda Kollnar. Robin Lamstoln. Edan Lavlno, car on p I y. Typlltl: Nancy Bernstein,
Lynda Eunvunuto. Mary Burke, Matte Garbatlno, Mindy Gordan, Mango Mnnnlno. Barbara Nolan. Cathie Ryan. Shall

Schneider Chluilot: Mark Flschottl

     

Photography, Supplied principally by University Photo Sen/Ice

. Chlat Pltotoarlphln Bot: Leonard
UPS stall: Dave Aschar. Bruce Briggs. Alert Cttlarn. Karl Chan, Sherry Cohan. Slave Essen, Mllta Fuller. Mark Halek.

Marc llanschal. DIM Krtttrss. Roartrte Kulalroll, Dave Machson, Lols Mattabanl. Silo Mlndich. Mark Nadlar. Suna
Slelnlrttmp. Tony fassrtrolll, will Yunnan

 

 

 

Press Corporation. ll/t Indapartdurrl not-lorprolll corporation. Edllorlels are wrllten by [he Edllar in Chief: policy Is
rub/act ta ruvmw by the Edilmlnl Board.

I Tltu Albany Sludanl Press is published aver Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the Albany Sltldanl
r
r

 

Malllng address:
Albany Sludanl Press. CC 329
1400 Washlnplon Ave.
Albany, NY 12222
(518) 457-6892/3322l33ﬂ9

   

 

 

 

