 

  
     

 

 

 

 

 

Profits Before People:

Farm ula 'for

Malnutrition

Scotti; Summer

Malnutrition. brain damage, death. Ten
million third-world babies a year are destin-
ed to meet this fate as a result of the pro-
liferation of “Bottle Baby Disease”
throughout Latin America, Africa and
Asia.

Three American companies; Abbot-
Ross, American Home Products and
Bristol Myers; along with the Nestle Com-
pany. a totally Swiss-owned multinational
food processing conglomerate, have engag-
ed in marketing practices of formula which
advance “Bottle Baby Disease."

For over a decade these companies —
primarily Nestle. which has over a 50 per-
cent share of the infant formula market —
have made it company policy to convince
third-world mothers that bottle feeding
their babies will lead them towards
healthier, happier lives.

For the overwhelming majority of
mothers in the third-world, breastfeeding is
the most economical. convenient and nutri-
tional method of nourishing their new born
babies. Doctors and nutrition experts
throughout the world have fottnd mother's

milk to be superior to infant formula as a
source of nourishment. Research has also
shown that an undernourished mother can
produce healthy mother's milk, without
causing further damage to the mother‘s
health.

One method which Nestle has adopted, is
sending women in nurses‘ uniforms into
hospitals to convince new motltcrs of the
"virtues" of bottle feeding. These women
are company-paid employees. who use the
authority that a uniform represents to
manipulate the minds of these third-world
women. From day one of a newborn's life.
these “milk-nurses" give the mothers free
samples of formula. lactogen. prepare the
formula properly and "hook" mother attd
child on the bottle. if a woman doesn't
breast-feed from the start, she can stop lac-
tating inside of a week and have her supply
of milk dry up.

Another practice engaged by Nestle i- .0
give hospitals, doctors and other l‘cﬂlllt
professionals “gifts.” both monetary and
material, in exchange for support of their
product. Columnist Jack Anderson has
charged that Nestle has been "laundering"
money to the government of Guatemala

which in turn has assassinated advocates of
breast feeding.

Also Nestle has embarked on a high
powered media campaign in order to sell its
product. This campaign includes billboards
and product labels with happy smiling
babies, cheery songs and slogans. “Give
Your Baby Love and Lactogen," and con-
veying the underlying message that their
babies will be like the upper-class, healthy
white babies which are bottle fed.

The major problems which occur for the
mothers include having to spend over 50
percent of their income to buy the formula.
This in turn results in women having to over
dilute the formula and not being able to af-
ford the equipment and fuel to sterilize the
bottles and nipples. Also a large amount of
the women live in rural villages which have
impure water supplies, thus the bottle
becomes the carrier of disease.

Finally, there is a general lack of
understanding among the women concern-
ing proper use of the formula. There have
been attempts made at putting picture in.

structions on the label. however as shown in
the CBS documentary “Into the Mont/ts of
Babes". ([978). Nestle has ordered many
stores to remove the label from the tins in
order to avoid any resale on the black
market; ergo many formula tins ltave no in-
structions on them at all.

in 1977, the infant Formula Action
Coalition. (INFACT), launched a boycott
of Nestle products as a direct action against
the company's policy concernng the
marketing of infant formula. lNFACT's
main demands are that there be a halt to
"all promotion of infant formula in areas
where their misuse is predictable and
dangerous." and that all infant formula
producers adhere to the World Health
Organization (WHO) code on marketing
practices. which will be voted on next
month. The American companies ltave
declared a “war on babies" by pledging to
ignore any code which is adopted by WHO.

Nestle has decided to resort to a high
level media/propaganda campaign in order
to combat the growing international
boycott of its products. Last year. they con-
tributed $25,000 to the Ethics and Public
Policy Center in Washington to research
the infant formula controversy and have

 

 

 

 

Celebrate

To the Editor:

UCB and UAS with the guidance of the
Ofﬁce of Student Affairs will once again be
presenting an outdoor concert this spring.
On May 2, Celebration ‘81 will be held for
the total enjoyment of everyone at
SUNYA. But in order to make this year's
event a successful one, WE NEED YOUR
HELP!

it would be truly tragic to see

door concert. However, with the problems
created due to the event‘s growth beyond its
original scope (SUNYA). we have had to
make several policy changes. These policy
changes cannot be effectively implemented
without the help of all SUNYA students.
The most notable change will be the
enclosure of the entire concert area. from
Quad to Quad and from Campus Center to
the backstage area. This fence will be
patrolled by several additional security per-
sonnel. Again we need tltc help of you to
make sure people don't abuse our event by
sneaking in without a ticket. The costs of
this event are trentendious and the matt-
datory charge will help offset our additional
expenses. Futhcrmore, due to this closing

off of the event, more than ever is there a

need to encourage tltc early purchase of
your Celebration ‘8i ticket. Not only is
there the economic incentive of buying the
first ticket on the tax card at $4.00 and the
second at $6.00 instead ofone on the day of
the show for Sl0.00 ifavailable but several
other potential problems are impending.
For example, if everyone waits to purchase
their ticket for the last minute. we will have

 

a very congested entrance chute near Dutch
Quad on May 2; one that will delay the

“Celebration ‘8l" be our last spring out-,

 

the article published in Fortune magazine,
(June 18. 1981). Besides being inaccurate,
the article had a very pro-industry slant; a
well written expose of this affair is in the
January 28. 1981 issue ofthe Village Voice.

it clear that Nestle and the other com-
parties have put proﬁts before the lives of
the newborn. This struggle for corporate
democracy and responsibility is growing
rapidly here at SUNYA and in the Capital
District. ifyou ltave any questions or would
like to join the boycott, please contact
Capital District iNFACT. 39 Philip Street.
Albany. l2207, 463-441]. Remember,
“proﬁts before people is a formula for
malnutrition."

 

 

WWI“ « I--- '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.tltcxmust support NYPiRG through utt-

show and possibly prevent the bands from
playing as long as they ware scheduled. in
addition, if everyone waits till May 2, we
won’t be able to let more than the number
orswm tickets we printed up enter (that is
a very few anyway). Also if several people
decide to jump the fence or whatever we
will not only be unable to pay for the event
but we will witness a major disaster attd see
the last SUNYA Spring Concert. This is
something i am sure of. So please. i must
reiterate help us with this crucial matter.

50 if you haven't purchased your ticket
yet, please do so soon either at the Campus
Center Lobby or at the dinner lines at the
following Quads and times: Colonial and
State on Ttte.day, indian and Dutch on
Wednesday and Alumni on Thursday.
Please remember to bring your tax cards.

‘Your cooperation will also be up.
preciated on behalf of the SUNYA Alumni
who will be calling you to purchase a licket
for them. Please help them and us with thh
matter. I would also like to say that
SUNYA graduate students will be allotted
to purchase a ticket with their 1D Cttrtl til
the price of $6.00.

Another problem we have had itt the pttst
and ltave had to eliminate is tltc tremendous
problem with broken glass and garbage. in
an attempt to prevent this, there will he no
bottles, cans. coolers etc. allowed \\'lllllll
the event. Also please be mindfttl of Reop-
ing the grounds clean during the event.

This year in addition to the Rat lacing
closed, i would like to strongly discourage
tltc use of the Campus Center facilities on
May 2. Last year extensive damage tut.
caused. damage we cannot afford to
witness again. For your convenience we \\ 1“
supply many “elegant” porto-loilcts.

Finally, i would like to once again t‘ctlli/t‘
my redundancy and request your aid and
assistance in making Celebration ‘8] a \llu
ccssful event. We must all share in mitlxlllt'
its success or we will all share in causing the
end of one of SUNYA'S biggest tradition~.

Dave Montanurn
UCB (‘ltmr

Green for Life

To the Editor:
inspired by the recent and continuotts http-
penings concerning the children of Atlanta,
l was compelled to write this piece.
i WEAR GREEN
Twenty-four now.
how many more will be found
in the woods and in the ponds
of

 

Atlanta tomorrow.

I wear green as a symbol of
life.
not as a symbol of lives that have been
lost, bttt
as a reminder to others
subconsciously.

for awaiting
the tight embrace of death.

But not enough people have EM”

' Li'l tn.
I wear green 'l ‘ n

to awaken the people of the earth
to the tintes and happenings
of the tiny.
i wear green
because tlteir cars are blocked
witlt
ignorance.

liut,
the nailing cry of death
is hand itltltlt'\| I
nt home.
| \\‘L‘ill gtectt.

You \\'c;tr...,,‘.’

Todd llentcn

Freedom of Choice,

To the Editor:
Students should votcNOon the NYl’Ritv
referendum for the following W‘Nm‘:
Students should have the Uplit‘“ “‘ “‘9'
port any political group they W ‘lc‘i'u'
Presently, students do not have that oP'i‘m'

 

 

 

 

loin The Air Force ‘

     

us tle EBB“

    

\

And See Valdosta

 

I t; Utopia

   
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
      
   
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
     
   
   
    
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

    
   
    

And
Camelot
In '

 
   
 

 

    
   
   

   

  

 

    

 
 
    
 
   
  

 
 
 
  
  
 

 

  
 

Albany

 
 
 
  

pages 8‘"

    
   
 

 

