 

 

l

 

 

Ila tam:
Zion, Ganja,

airport road praying. screaming and bowing

ly become more noticeable in the down. Many were said to have been amazed

. . u 1
current music scene. With the to see that God was 54 taI .

growing acceptance of reggae has come the In 1975. Halle Sellasle died at the age of
popularizing of the unique force behind the 83. This did little to alter Rastafarian convic-

' ' h. tion that he was the living God. Some Rastas
mus"; lhe Rastas and me" Rainfall“ la" claim that he Is not dead at all. while others.

claim he was reincarnated.
  Just as there Is a variety of Protestants. In
the Island country. lhe'é'ls a “may Of

The “was have been feared and Rastafarians — appealing in Jamaica mostly
Per-WWI“! l" Jamal“ {0' over 50 years' to the cor Generally though. their beliefs
They have been labeled rabble-rousers. » a « , It 1. -
layabouts. or dealers in the proSPEVOU5 Qanla ‘ ‘ ' '
(marijuana) trade. Yet. It has become a
popular movement from what began as a
small. rural. religious cult.

Today Rastafarianlsm clearly prevails in
Jamaica. West Kingston (Jamaica) IS the
principle center of the Rastafarians. but the
movement is widely diffused throughout the
Island.

It is still growing. and it Is estimated that
there are 75.000 Rastas and sympathizers In
Jamaica. There are believed to be at least
another 50.0in in New York City alone and
several thousand tnore In Toronto.

The Rastafarian movement originally grew .
from a seed plant tn Harlem by Marcus 7.,
Garvey. an energetic. backsto-Afrtca activist.
In 1918. he fouttded the largest black
organization in US. history. the Universal
Negro Improvement Association. (U.N.I.A).

Garvey preached "Africa for Africans"
and urged his countrymen. "to look to the "I". sculi‘ﬂ E‘MOP‘IE 53’9""
mother country. where aBlack King shallbe Who thlm¢ [40" 0' Lord. '0 “1'
crowned. for the Day of Deliverance is “Ind-l" cu“
near." are quite similar.

Garvey‘s actions in New Yorkled to his ar- ’ Rastafarianlsm is not messianic and does
rest and evontuai deportauon to his native not believe in visions or divine revelallons. lie
Jamaica In 1927. Three years later. Ras followers claim to have teamed from direct
(prince) Tafari Makontten ascended to the experience the truth upon which their
throne of Ethiopia as His Imperial Majesty. philosophies test.

. Ilte Rastas strongly believe that they are
Black Hebrews exiled In Babylon. the true
Israelites. that Halle Sellasie is the direct
descendent of Solomon attd Sheba and that
God Is Black. They believe that most white
menAhave been worshipping a dead God
have attempted to teach the Blacks in do
likewise.

Rastafarianism blames King James I for
distorting the Bible. and teaches its members
that Godpunished Black. with conquests and
slavery because their race had sinned.
Ethiopia Is viewed as Zion. the Western
World (and all that represents it) as Babylon.
and themselves as the “seed of Israel in cap—
tivity." The Rastas preach that “one day they
will be repatriated to Zion." and they quote.
"Armageddon Is now."

The identification of Africa with Ethiopia
comes in part from the fact that many of the
~sect's followers are almost totally ignorant oi
geography. and see the country as the whole
continent. Also. Ethiopia avoided colonial
rule and has always remained independent.
thus. for Rastafarians. as for many Africans.

.7 he upbeat reggae sound has steadi-

 

 

    

   

mutntion: Sue Benjamin

Halle Sellasle I. Power of The Holy Trini-
225th Emperor of the 3000 year old Ethio-
pean Empire. Elect of God. Lord oi Lords.
King of Kings. Heir to the Throne of
Solomon. Conquering Lion of the Tribe of
Judah.

Hts coronation sparked religious leaders In
Jamaica and New York to begin a close
analysis of the Bible. This resulted In the
establishment ofRastafariantsm in Jamaica.

Halle Sellasle. though. refused to
acknowledge his divinity. He did. however.
offer the Rastas some encouragement. Land
grants were given to Rastas who went to
Ethiopia and the "brethren" were always
favorably received at the Imperial Palace.

In 1966. Sellasle traveled to Jamaica.
Thousands of Rastafarians dressed In rags
and carrying wooden sticks lined along the

Ethiopia is the symbol of Black freedom.

The Rastafarian appearance may be strik-
ing. at first. to the average outsider. Their
hair is set with mud In long. uncombed
braids called“dreadlocks."or “nattydreads,”
"Dread" means. “the power that lies within
any man." The hair. or locks. is never cut
since it is part of the spirit and should neither
be combed out or cut off.

Marijuana. or "ganja" (known in Jamaica
by Its original East Indian name) is regarded
as the holy herb. It Is considered the
sacramental gift and the Bible is quoted as
proof of this: " . . . artd thou shalt eat the
herb of,the field." Genesis 3:18.

Though ganja remains illegal in Jamaica.
massive_am0unts are consumed daily by
Rastafarians. It is smoked either in large. fat.
cigarette-like. hand-rolled “splitts.” ‘or in the
“chillum.” a water pipe that is passed In ritual.
fashion from one to another. In our society
,the modified version of the chillum'ls known
to most people as a “bong.”

Members of the sect tend to be strict
vegetarians. They also abhor alcohol.

 

By immersing themselves in deep con-
templation, the Rastas achieved an In-
dlvldual identification with God in Africa and
at home. This transcendental experience is
represented by the phrase."|-in-l" for “We.”
The Rastas tend to shift “I” to the front of all
important words such as “l-tal" for "natural"
and I‘I-noited" for “annointed.” The group
spells its own name Rastafarl.

Certain words have been permanently
omitted from the Rastafartan vocabulary.
The work “last” is stated as taboo since it ex-
presses retrogression and a Rastafarian can
only go forward.

Although the Rastas call their belief a
religion. there are no Rastafarian churches
or ministers. In New York as In Jamaica.
some members attend the Ethiopian Or-
thodox Church — there is one In the West
Bronx.

Today Rastas continue to withdraw
themselves from the traditional Jamaican
society, However. their culture has con-
tributed significantly to the increasingly
popular music of Jamaica — the reggae.

In the past. Rastas have refused to vote
and continually spurned any political in-
volvement. Yet. since and unpopular law or
politician can become the subject oi "a
popular song. reggae has rapidly evolved in—
to a political force that is felt at the govern-
ment's highest level.

Most of the Island's politicians realize that
the easiest and most effective way to reach
the electorate is through music. Prime
Minister Michael Manley won the votes of
the poor by making the Rastafarlan reggae
tune "Better Must Come" his campaign
theme song. I

Over the years. though. the Rastafarians
have unfortunately become associated with
street crime. Crime linked to Rastas In the
U.S. ls often related to marijuana and traffic
in It. The ganja cultivated in Jamaica Is very
popular in the US. due to its high concen-
tration of THC. It is smuggled into this coun-
try in a variety of ways.

Ganja. poverty. the original outcast
stigma. and the fact that some criminals have
grown dreadlocks and moved [me Rasta
communities for sanctuary. have all brought
the sect into conflict with the law. The group
blames much of the crime in Kingston and
NY. on the pseudo-Rastafarians residing

(

% ere is a critic survey of some of the
more prominent reggae per-
formers. both known and
unknown. in the US. Certain groups will
bear watching in the immediate future,
Check out:
ASWAD: Only one sadly underrated album
was released in Atnerica on Island Records
five years ago. The following album. Hulet
and the dub work on the soundtrack of
Babylon were excellent.
CREATION REBEL: Has been evolving
from a fairly normal vocal group into an ex—
otic spacr-dub direction. Will be interesting
to see tow the
Slarsmp Ame“ y follow. an album like
MICKEY DREAI): ls adding an extra dimen-
sion to the concept of D.J. music with his
latest eXCellent album World War III and
his work on Sandinista. One thousand and
one sound effects!
GREGORY ISAACS: Sly Dunbar and Rob-
bie Shakespeare have given hlrn an added
punch on his latest records. He never made
a bad album. Every household should
Epssess at llens: one Gregory Isaacs album
n out w 1y I my call him the "coo "'
LINTON KWESI JOHNSON: Aided rbltlehls
producer. Dennis Bovell. Linton continues

 

Reggae Profiles

to stretch the boundaries of reggae. while re-
maining one of its most
spokesmen. lngland Is a bitch!

AUGUSTUS PABLO: Where you see his

And The RaStafarians

amongst the real ones.

Violence and conflict associated with the
group should not sway the outsider to cott-
clude that the sect promotes a revolutionary
movement. Theoretically Rastafarianism is
rather an escapist movament preaching
peace. love and the need for reconciliation
among the races.

Reggae provides a musical outlet allowing
the Rastas to satisfy the need to express
themselves and be heard. To the
Rastafarian. reggae music is sensual and

‘ *.=.r.."'.v'lt ‘
t

w. -

   

  

As-

M-rcul Garvey: He preached “An
Africa for Aide-no" and the crown-
lng 0! I Block Klng.

 

happy. as much a means of escape as an in
strument of protest.

“Well the oppressors are trying to keep
me down

Trying to drive me underground

And they think that they have got lltt'
battle won

[say [orger tltem Lord. they know not
what they've done

'Cause as sure as the sun will shine

I'm gonna get my share now. what's
mine.

The harder they come.

The harder they fall.

One and all."

~Jimmy Cliff o

eloquent

name. a good record will usually follow. Top
ranking melodica and keyboard player
Long standing genius dub organizer. Give
thanx!

RAS MICHAEL and the SONS OF NEGUS‘
This is roots! All of his albums are different.
and each one is an education and a treat for
the ears. Muclt percussion and chanting
STEEL PULSE: Although their latest Gift)”
tends more to the commercial side. they still
stand for quality. Their live concert
guaranteed to raise the root!

LINCOLN THOMPSON and the RASSIZS
A voice like Lincoln's surely wits handed
down from heaven, lrie meditations about
events going on in the World today and low
of humanity. Not to be missed.

LEE PERRY: Scratch. the Dub Organizer
The Upsetter. Scratch On The Wm!
Responsible for more great albums than
civilization will ever realize. Buy his recotds
on sight and prepare for cloud nine. lnvv
divine

{3013 MARLEY and the WAILERS: i’ruv lw
ttm. '

r,

 

-Ron Drumm

 
   

“Dis A Reggae Music"  -

ruce Springsteen calls it “too pure

% and too complex" for him to Inter-

pret. It was the only form of music

the Sex Pistols would listen to when they

were touring. Performers ranging from Blon-

die to the Grateful Dead to Stevie Wonder

have been influenced by it. Despite these Im-

pressive credentials. few people outside of

the music world know what reggae music ts.
or means.

Craig Marks

Reggae is the collective term for a number
of successive forms of popular Jamaican
music. Characterized by a steady. rhythmic
beat. a strong rhythm-and-blues influence.
and a warm. almost tropical feeling. reggae
has had an Impact on rock in the 70's and
80‘s. largely disproportionate to its commer»

 

 

cial success.

Reggae's origins are found in such stratigc
and diverse places as the Christian
I’ocomania cult. Alrican-derlved children's
games. the Garveylte Rastafarians. and the
1950's rhythm-and-blues style of New
Orleans. These influences didn’t converge.
however. until the introduction of the tran-'
sistor radio in Jamaica. The island's local
radio stations could easily pick up the coin
'merctal stations in the United States and
Cuba. and from hearing the hits on the
radio. wanting to produce your own sound is
a logical step.

Radio created a demand for music that no
island station could easily respond to and

 
  
 

“Mo-tar B
Ilteot oucceu with Reggae rhythms.
thus the “sound system man" came Into be-
ing. These “sound system men" were elec-
tronicall -inclined businesmen who
assemble a sound systetn. mounted it on a
flatbed truck. and traveled the countryside.
playing rhythm-and-blues records for parties.
I’ wasn't long before these operators realized
the potential for big money. and many
primitive recording studios soon opened up.
The earliest recordings were bad versions of
New Orleans rhythm-and-blues: Fats
Domino was especially revered in Jamaica.
For some reason. though. the island musr
clans couldn't get the rhythm-and-bluus
rhythm right. This "wrong" rhythm music
became known as ska. and it was Jamaica's
first internationally popular music.

In 1965. after limited U.S. success. ska
was finished. it was replaced by the slowar.
more rhythmic "rock steady.” Also around
this time the sound system men Introduced
disc jockeys. A disc. jockey would talk over
or "toast" the Instrumental Bvslde of a
record, rhyming stories of his prowess as a

lover and as a toaster (these D.J.s were the
forerunners of the now popular disco rap-
pers). The first and most successful of the
toasters was Prince Buster. who scored big in
England with his “Judge Dread" records
(new ska-revival groups such as the English
Beat and the Specials cover many of Prince
Buster's songs). The talk-over style was also
known as clubbing. not only because the
D.J.s were dubbing in their own voices. but
because some of the dub records were pretty
raunchy. and In Jamaican slang "dub" Is ex-
actly equivalent to "fuck". During the rock.
steady era the "rude" record came into its
own. its biggest success being Max Romeo's
million-seller. “Wet Dream."

A slight variation itt rock»steady's beat pro-
duced poppa-top. reggae's direct precursor.
Poppa-top was bubbller. looser. and
generally a happier sound. Poppa-top's

    

greatest exponent was Desmond Dek er.
whose 1969 hit "Israelites" reached number
twelve in theU.5. Dekkerts now back on the

'music scene with a fine record entitled Black

‘n' Dekker. and the album is receiving some
strong airplay on college radio stations across
the country.

In 1968. the Maytals. a vocal trio led by
Frederick "Toots" Hlbbert released a record
called Do The Reggae. although neither
Toots or anyone else seemed to know where
the word "reggae" came from. The Maytals
single brought the bass into the foreground.
emphasizing a complex relationship among
it. the drums. and the various percussion in-
struments. The bass seems to be the lead in-
strument. with the guitar reduced to scrat-
ching at a chord. Keyboards and occasional
horns livened up the sound. Reggae mUSlt
was born.

If not for a Jamaican filmmaker. Perry
Henzell. reggae probably would have re-
mained an isolated form. known only on the
islands. Starting in 1968. Henzell began film-
ing the story of a "rude boy" (slang for
juvenile delinquent) who comes to Kingston.
records a big hit. is cheated by a record
business man. comrntts a murder. goes on
the lam (taking payofls). and is sought by
both the Jamaican Army and the record pro-
ducer. who wants another smash record.

The him. The Harder The Come. starred
reggae star Jimmy Cliff. and was a
worldwide ltit. The movie brought reggae to
the US. and the critics imtnediately em-
braced the music's purity and spirituality.

The Harder They Come opened up the
market for new performers. and by far and
large the most popular attd lamous was Bob
Marley. His vocal trio with Peter Tosh and
Benny Livingstone called the Wailers. were
signed to 1970 to Chris Bluckwells Island
records. a label with a reputation for integrity
and good distribution Blackwell gave Marley
the kind of money and artistic freedom that
was practically unheard of in reggae music.
Marley. always a political songwnter.
became even sharper and more bitter. pro-
testing living conditions in the ghettoes
("Concrete Jungle") and random searches
by Army troops t"|(eoet tvtustc J whileuglori-
lying Jah and the Rastafarian lifestyle ( Natty
Dread"). Marley's melodies were touching
and beautiful. and he had just enongh roots
to appeal to both the Jamaican audience and

the rock-oriented U.S. market. Marley's
most recent album. Uprising. was his biggest
seller to date. and he even had a minor disco
hit. “Could You Be Loved:"

There are many. many great reggae bands
which very few people have ever heard of,
and even the better known artists. such as

   

commercial success here in the United
States. There are various reasons for lhla sad
phenomenon. The music is much too
political and religious for American cars:
reggae remains it very cultttral form of music.
and although you can appreciate the beauty
and melody. it's hard to fully-understand the
music without some knowledge of Rasta
politics and religion. Brilliant artists such as
Dennis Brown. Gregory lsaacs. Burning
Spear. Augustus Pablo. Black Uhuru. and
poet-songwriter Linton Kwesi Johnson go
unnoticed in the States by the record-buying
public and by commercial radio. This is
mainly because of the record industry's
reluctance to get behind anything not im-
manently'tashlonable.and because of the lack
of understanding of the tnusic. Over tn Grunt
Britain. the reggae scene Is booming. with
British reggae bands such as UB 40 and
Aswad leading the way

Matty punk and post-punk groups incor-
porate reggae into their sound. with the host

The Beat

The catalyst [or the growing reggae t'nﬂttuncr'
on today's popular music can be traced In
ilte tie between the punk and reggae
cultures. seen most prominently in England.
in the late 1970's.

It 1977. Paul Cook was on
y acrobat. Steve Jones was a cut

burglar. John Lydon paddled
smut. attd .lobn Ritchie was quite‘
unemployed. This was a typical cross-section
of the disillusioned. alienated and bitter
British Working class youth. Here were the
problems characteristic of life in the
deteriorating mediocre climate of “new” Bri~
taitt. a Britain that had lost its purpose along
with its empire. The problems of this society
shaped the music that was to be knowu as
punk. The music was described as ttihilistic.
minimalistic. ballistic. and sometimes spastic.
It was a music that shocked and appalled
The music itself was raw and innovative.
From the beginning this new mode was
associated with social protest and anarchy.
Led by the Sex Pistols. the Punks employed
absurdity to protest against an absurd
system '
At that glance. the discordant chords
Kings Road and the soothing rhythms of
Kingston Slums seem to have little in com-
mon. However. a closer look reveals some
important similarities. Both forms rely heavi-
ly on deliberated repetition. placing more
emphasis on rhythm than melody. This em<
phasls on rhythm propelled the listener to
dance. which in turn led to the uprisings in
clubs in England (both reggae and punk).
These clubs united performers and au«
dience. which was a natural step because it
was the dissatisfied working class youths of
these cultures who were both the performers
and audience. Neither reggae nor punk can
be fully appreciated outside of the societal

circumstances from which they spring.
The most reco nized it me in reggae

 

example being the Clash. who use reggae-
dub artist Mickey Dread on many of their
records. One reason that the music is so
popular in England and so Ignored in the
US. is that in England there is a large
population of afﬂuent West Indians. who
make enough money to finance constant
tours and shows by their favorite artists.
.. ,

As far as the future is concerned. It's very
hard to predict where reggae will go. Four or
five years ago many people in the music
World were praising reggae left and right.
claitning that it would be the next “big thing."
Except for cl'ossover ltlts such as Stevie
Wonder's "Master-Blaster Blontlle's "The
Title is Higlt." and Marley's “Could You Bt-
Loved." reggae has certainly not been the
next big thing The question. though.
definitely has given rocl a new rhythmic
concept. as performers Silih as the Police.
Eric Clapton. and the (lush have provon.
The real lt.t'.tl roots reg-gm . however. lute;
stayed away from "it! United States. mainly
because its artists have chosen to serve the
cultural. spiritual. and political needs of its
people. for the big time in Los Angeles or
New York. it is very refreshing in find a
group of musicians who love their music and
their people so muclt. and if this love were to
be compromised. then in return. their music
would have to suller. ~ - O

.
Goes On

music. Bob Marley. has always spoken of his
master plan. which was to use reggae as a
unifying force for all Black peoplex‘Marleyts.
major ambition to this goal was tqsee reggae
become the music of the Western ‘Black‘
man. Although his attempts have been met
largely with failure. his Influence has been
felt. especially In post-punk rock ‘n' roll.
Such bands as The Clash. Elvis Costello. Joe
Jackson. anti The Police have incorporated
the rhythms and chord structures of reggae.
(With The Clash being the only one out of
the four to concentrate on the political. as
r 7 ‘ 1"“ 1

 a. . 1,:

   
 

      

' .4 ..

Bob Marley till ﬁght. for llll dream.
well as the musical message.'They were also
the only ones who date back to the original
punk movement.)

Zenyatta Mondatta. the latest release from
The Police. is one of the biggest selling LP's
in the world today. The Police's ability to
mesh the elements of rock and reggae. have
brought these Jamaican sounds greater
popularity. This. coupled with releases from
Stevie Wonder (“Master Blaster") and
Marley himself (“Could You Be Loved").
add greater wealth to the hope that Marley's
dream will be realized.

 

 

«lack loqulth
and Aner Clarke

 

 

 

 

 

