 

ﬂag—.4141” AVLT

a“ —_.“xu.xxcanw..ne-.—ci. .
a» 1 v.

(ﬂ 3,.

'-‘-;m;~.r,‘ c' .

n unga-

..«o..



“N. 4...... . ._ _-«

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'hen you think of a musician
making modern political music.
you picture a very angry-looking
individual. his . face exploding with rage’
and fury. That's why Tom Robinson has?
always been somewhat of an enigma to
critics and fans alike. .Robinson's son 5 are

Graig Marks

chock-full of left-wing political statements.
bordering on the radical. but on stage (J.B.
Scott's last Thursday night) Robinson‘
acts like the boy next door.

I

 

 

It is very hard to figure out Tom R binbon.
After Just two records with the Tom Robin-
son Band (both critically acclaimed). Tom
decided he had had enough and left the
band. He met up with young guitarist Stevie
B. back in England, and Stevie introduced
him to bassist Jo Burt. formerly of The
Troggs. and drummer Derek Quinton. In a

A Hit And A Miss

 

Quick Looks For Rock Sohnoolrs

Bat-begun King
Jot-- K-ulonon
RCA

orma may or may not be com-
ging. but who cares? His new album
is already here, and it‘s a beautyl
Barbequc King is one album that grabs you

right away. and won't let go until both sides
are played through.

Doug Wolf

Jorma. one of the founding members of
the Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna. has
put out many solo albums over the years. but
Barbeque King marks his return to group

 

    
  

       

 

MA KAUKO
Jon villaI PartsNEN

    

work. Vital Parts consists of Jorma on guitar
and vocals. Denny DeGorio on bass and

John Stench on drums.
The album opens up with two fast moving

mm.

~ hen I think oi “heave metal"
9’ rock and roll. the first thing that
comes to mind are pictures oi
thousands of long-haired. doped-out. thir-
teen year oids, chain smoking and screaming
over the wail oi guitars in some cavernous
auditorium. The truth is. more often than
not. this is exactly what a heavy metal con‘
cert is i

Doug Wolf

’Unfonunately. thirteen year olds cannot
fully understand the significance oi this type
of music. To them,
overampllfled guitars. screaming lyrics and
pounding drum solos are a release oi the
frustrations that accompany puberty: Try to
explain the meaning oi the lyrics or the
reasons for a particular Jam. and you'll pro-l
habit! be met with a response such as "Yeah.

 

' 'ﬂgr'dM-M.~A

Sound a ;j.':.:..‘..

wQ

Exploring 'A e «or

couple of months they were Sector 22.

After an opening set from a Schenectady
group who call themselves the Dronez (i
didn't particularly care for them. but they do
have a heavy metal sound that could take

them places). Tom Robinson and Sector 27
took the stage. At first. guitarist Stevie B.,
with his beautiful blond pomptdour and his
pure and innocent features. stole audience
attention. Gradually. through. Robinson
took over. and soon all eyes were on him.

Robinson's new material is very 1980's
sounding; he's given up his folk roots and
now is following more in the footsteps of
groups such as XTC and the Gang of Four.
The band was more than adequate. but
there was no denying that Tom was the
focus. He possesses a wonderfully personal
voice. and it was in fine form. Although one
could see that Robinson was thoroughly ex-
hausted. he put on a terrific show. frequently
telling tales of the band's adventures and ex-

tunes. “Runnin' With The Fast Crowd” and
“Man For All Seasons." “Runnin' With The
Fast Crowd" is a rocking song that you can
really bop to. while "Man For All Seasons"
features some superb instrumental breaks
Particularly noticeable is Stench's drumming.
which really carries the song. "Mllkcow
Blues Boogie” is a typical blues-style song
with that special Jorma touch. He plays the
blues superny and his guitar really shines
through in this cut.

As for the second side. “Love is Strange"
is well done with a calypso beat and beautiful
sax work by Mike Butera. “To Hate Is To
Stay Young." the second cut on this side is
a sort ot warning not to be “too nice."
"Rockabilly Shuffle" starts off with some
familiar Jorma guitar work and keeps you
moving your feet. even when the song ends.
The last cut on the album is also the title
track. “Barbeque King" features Jorma do-
ing what he does best-playing his style of
acoustic blues. The guitar work
demonstrates Jorma's distinctive. tinny
sound.

Jorma has once again put out a superb
album. but this time. much of the credit has
to go to DeGorio and Stench. If this album is
any indication. Vital Parts should stick
together. Let’s hope they grace Albany with
their presence in the near future.

Mondo Bongo
The Boomlown Rats
CBS

was hoping to review. two very
good albums this issue. Unfor-

J tunatciy only one lived up to ex-

    

Tom lloblnoon and Sector 27

 

mediocre.

Mondo Bongo is not the type of album
that should follow-up a great one like The
Fine Art 0/ Sur/aclng. It is as if songwriter
Bob Geldorf didn’t know where to begin.

and although he gave it a good shot. his ex-
periment didn't Work out.

 

  

 

l'ebr'uary 13. 19st

- nndins

.25."... 13, 1931 r

  
  
  

[Y

plaining the stories behind several of the
songs. The crowd, in return for the warmth .
the band gave off. was wildly supportive. 

and called them back for three encores, 7
'omething which Robinson admitted hadn't ‘;
ihappened on the tour so far. 

‘ was beginning to Worry that they
' j dtdnt't make movies like Fort

Apache. The Bronx anymore.
tely it's been hard to find a movie with

 

 

I
' uts; one unafraid to be adult or uncom-

romising. But after a steady diet of milk-
. ast and mediocrity, Fort Apache is a treat.

The concert was tremendously enjoyable.
lut I have to wonder whether Robinson's
new musical direction might be a dead end
of sorts. Sectors 27's strong point is the pas-
sion and sincerity of Tom Robinson. and
their intellectual pop might not be as well
suited to prolect this compassion as TRB
was’. That still remains to be seen. Robin-
son's new songs, though. are still filled with
catchy, sing along choruses. and many of
them. especially the ones dealing with the
trials and tribulations of adolescence. are as
strong as any he's done previously. If the live
show was any indication of Sector 27's 4
future. Tom Robinson should be with this ..
band for quite some time. ' -'

     

while not being able to get even. “Mood
Mambo" is an interesting piece done with a if
bongo beat and very poetic lyrics. “Another
Piece of Red" is an attack on American and V
Russian Imperialism and the decline of the - ‘ ' ' I ‘
British Empire. and has some of the most im~
pressive lyrics on the album. “Go Man (30'

. David Sussklnd produced this movie
through Time-Life Films. though Twentieth-
Century Fox released it. That smacks of a lit-
tle fresh blood in the business. That could be
1" what it needs. Heywood Gould's sprawling.
ipowerfui screenplay is the best thing Paul
. Newman’s had to work with in years. As a
l patrolman named Murphy (forgive them a
few cliches) Newman is in the sort of heroic-
tzcceniric mold of character we used to see
more of .
Fort Apache is the nickname given to the

 

The first thing one notices wrong with his
album is the title. The Police’s Zenyatta Mon-
datta was catchy and Joe Jackson's Beat
Crazy showed an experimentation with reg-
gae rhythms. But Manda Bongo neither cat-
ches nor succeeds with the reggae beat. The
next problem is the free bonus poster. For
the most part. bands include free posters as
an enticement to buy an album that other-
wise might not sell well. It's as if The Rats
knew that they were going to have problems
from the start.

Finally there is the music. The lyrics are all
very detailed. but in most songs are Just as
equally obscure. One exception is the re-
written Stones “Under My Thumb". which
Geldorf has retitled "Under Their Thumb."

has some interesting sax Work by Davr
McHale.

It seems every group is experimenting witi‘
reggae rhythms these days. so it comes as nr
surprise when the first notes of “Bananr
Republic" are heard. Reggae is a great forn
of music, but sometimes it cannot bx
adapted. This is one of those times. Geidor
should stick with what he knows best. whicl
isn't the reggae style.

Mondo Bongo is not that bad an album
but it‘s not all that good either. There are nr
really catchy songs. or ones that hold interes
for too long. After three good to grea

he final truth is that there is no
Truth . . . Truth is transitory. . .
says Dr.Edward Jessup (William

Hurt). The hero ofAliered States who is on a
phenomenological quest for the answer that

DOES IT ALL MEAN?"

Jack Nuthaii

 

How The B

      

"5 Paul Newman d Kev Wahl in For-I Apache, I runaway hit. l. .

.T nks For The M mor

Altera

 

man has pursued for miIlieniums: “WHAT

albums it is understandable the The Boom
town Rats may have hit a temporary snag.
The album does show promise In spots

Much has been written about the ar—
Chetypal nature of this film. Christ figures.
Christ visions. Christ himself. Faust. Satan.

pectations. The other. The Boomtown Here Geldorf expresses his frustration with
Rat's latest release. Mondo Bongo. is only being at the mercy of various power mongers

the barrage of‘

ﬂank OI! Heavy Metal

but its fucktn' excellent. manl". to which a
connoisseur of music. such as myself.
responds by banging his head against a brick
wall. This is usually greeted with several ex-
plettves and a request to do it again.

There are a few human beings. however.
who enjoy heavy metal because they can
understand why a group puts out the
volume and the noise and can appreciate
what the band has to say. Granted. there are
those. groups whose main purpose is to
shovel out stolen. rearranged riffs to a loyal
band of teenage fans. but for the most part.
heavy metal bands do what they do because
they have something real to offer. Heavy
metal is as much an art form as any other
type of music. and the heavy metal artist
communicates his feelings this way.

One of my personal favorite heavy metal
bands is Blue Oyster Cult, These guys
started out as Just another Long island band.

 

but have become masters of the heavy metal
sound. The Cuit's early albums were of the
typical heavy metal form. and contained
songs with such cheery titles as “Career Of
Evil." “Dominance And Submission" (the
Marquis de Sade once said this was his
favorite tune) and "Hot Rails to Hell." Their
newer albums have seen an overall improve-
ment in lyrics and an expansion into other
areas of interest. Some have called this com-
mercialism. but I feel it could be a new
maturity.

In contrast to the Cult are the younger
groups that are the edge of the coming se-
cond wave of heavy metal bands. Van
Halen. Judas Priest and AC/ DC are but few
of these groups and also some of the batter
ones. Their music is loud. and raw like their
predecessors. but their lyrics reﬂect the .
values and insights of younger crop of musi-

however. so there should be better results it
the future. I

    

clans.

These musicians were brought up who
heavy metal was still in its infancy. A ban
called Led Zeppelin reluctantly defined th
name. and the impressions they left hav
created a second coming. of sorts. They ow
much to now extinct monsters such as Dee
Purple and Jlml Hendrix. ‘

It's hard to believe that heavy metal ha
been around so many years. Although it ha
had its ups and downs. it has remained
steady source of income to the variou
record companies. It is the type of must
these companies like. because as long a
there are acne problems, there will always b
a market for it.

To some. heavy metal is Just noise. Tr
others. it's a great sound. To me. it's a forn
of music with many hidden intricacies the
insure its survival for a long time to come!

 

Adam and Eve. and Dr.Jeky|l and Mr.

 

sac-raw

Forty-First Precinct House in th'e South
Bronx. “a fort in hostile territory." as it's.
referred to. The crime-rate is high. the
percentage of Englishsspeaking residents is
unusually low. and the percentage of
Spanish-speaking cops is lower.

Gould‘s rapid-fire script covers a series of
Interwoven subplots, centering around a
cop-killing. The major flaw is that the cop-
kiiling seems to get lost in the shufﬂe. as does
Ed Asner's fine performance as the new cap-

tain of the Forty-First. Substantially more at-
tention is given to Rachel Ticotin. who ably
plays a young nurse whom Murphy falls in
love with. The frequent reappearance of a
spacey black hooker who slashes the throats
of her )ohns with a razor is somewhat
disconcerting. Whether this is to Gould's
credit or not I'm not sure. but all the loose
ends of the script are eventually tied up — if
not always believabiy —— but almost without
exception the characters involved don't
know It.

Hyde. all appear and reappear in vigorous
new redisloriions of basic myths, What has
not been written about is why this movie
contains so many literary prototypes.

Because the film is about Jessup's search
for Truth, it becomes itself an attempt
through imagination to point back to the
origins of consciousness and the basic ingre-
dients of our existence. As all literary ar-
chetypes are based on the very common
elements in the human condition. any ex-
ploration backward through man's ac»
cumulated consciousness would strike upon
and utilize those archetypes.

And that's what the film basically is- a
cinematic version of the same trip many
have taken. this one being very close to
Carlos Castenada's experiments with
peyote, Dr. Edward Jessup. using magic
mushrooms and a sensory deprivation tank.
travels to the origin of time.

It's more imagination than Philosophy.
more Philosophy than Science Fiction. and
certainly more Science Fiction than Horror.
In fact the only terrifying moment for me was
when I found myself half convinced that
Jessup was really going to find "The
Answer,"

lnevitably there are major problems with
any work. be it The Teachings of Don Juan,
The Bible. or the Bhagauad-Glta. in which a
character or a narrator proports to have
“The Answer." But Altered States has got to
be one of the best films of our time. Ken
Russell. the director. breathlesst propels us
through nightmarish landscapes, (sets by
Richard McDonald). fraught with explosions
bf Dali-esque visions. (special effects by
Ferran). until reality and vision become fus-
ed in our minds as well as in the minds of the

ronle

 

The best supporting performance is by
Ken Wahl, a young actor who hasn't been
seen since he appeared in Phil Kaufman's
unfortunately over-looked The Wanderers.
As Newman's rookie partner. Wahl provides
both points of comparison and contrast.
What one would expect would be youthful
naivete and enthusiasm contrasted with cyn-
cism and world-weariness. but the roles ex-
pected are often reversed. it keeps you in-
terested.

Daniel Petrie's direction is solid. He
manages to keep a handle on the script's fre-
quent lumps between humor and terror.
something often attempted and seldom done
well. Situations seen often enough on televi-
sion are kept suspenseful through simple
but innovative direction. When confronting
a psychotic with a butcher-knife. NeWman
begins to play the part of a silly lunatic
himself to disconcert him. It's funny to
watch. but the reality of the situation is
brought home by one quick shot of Wahl
discreetly pulling his revolver and concealing
it begind his hat.

The cinematography is by John AICnll.
who often works for Stanley Kubrick. Alcott
uses handheld and Steadicam shot frequent.
ly. When Newman and Wahl chase a
suspect across a block—long stretch of vacant
lot. the cameraman runs with them. We walk
through narrow. dark hallways in tenement
buildings. around corners and up stairs. and
Newman's simple remark that he doesn‘t like
going in there when he knows there's a cop-
killer around becomes more than a little chill-
ing.

There is violence in Fort Apache. The
Bronx. never gratuitous. and never sadistic.
but often powerful. it frequently comes by
surprise.and one stabbing is probably the best
representation of a crime of passion I've seen
on the screen.

Fort Apache has flaws. Some situations
are stock. And a problem crops up that used
to crop up on TV cop shows regularly. The
hero gets involved in something that in real
life would have been done by the SWAT
Team. or they do too much investigating for

   
      
 

characters. Jessup is a character in his own
hallucination and Russell leaves his audience
to wonder is Jessup is seeing himself. If
Russell merely wants us to identify the
hallucination with Jessup. or ii the hallucina-
tion itself has come to exist outside Jessup's
mind. It's all very brilliant and it's made even
more powerful because it’s done with the
cinematography of Jordon

  

,eerie

. .. /

t: ‘ ’
Dlroctor Ken Run-ell
CronenWeth. who has Jessup progressively
more often in the shadows as he progresses
toward the shadows of consciousness.
Russell builds this wild dance of a film off a
screenplay by Paddy Chayeisky (Network)
Hospital). Characters scream long
physiological and philosophical arguments
.. ‘ min. (and' ‘4 “ this .. "
treatment of his script angered Chayeisky
who disavowed the proiect and changed his
name in the credits to the pseudonym

Sidney Aaron). until cndicrinoiogy blurs with '

with Altered our. Brown lnd_llun.

 7a|

r

a patrolman. or something. And the nurse is
always where the cop is — that sort of thing.

Fort Apache, The Bronx rises above these
problems because it has an underlying in-
telligence and humanity that Grade B dreck
doesn’t. And because the’heroes aren't over-
ly macho. Murphy is no Dirty Harry. Pulling

a gun isn't the first thing he thinks of. and
there are limits to what he can do. Seeing a
fellow cup arming himself heavily. he simply

says "Doesn't matter how many guns you
have —- you only got two hands."

It's worth mentioning that while being film-
ed on location in the South Bronx. the
movie took some -hits from community
organizations who claimed it was a racist
movie. Some groups even demanded that
the film he closed down. Most of the furor
created by an early ad that was circulated.
which was admittedly done in poor taste. An
apology was printed and a statement ap-
pears on the screen at the beginning of the
film. stating that no slur on any ethnic group
ls intended. I don't think any is intended in
the movie itseit which seems generally fair.

In any event. Fort Apache. The Bronx. is
one you should see. 0

tions Included

existentialism. And yet it all makes sense.
Not only do we accept Jessup's scientifically
impossible search for Truth. we follow and
understand it.

However. any search for Truth collapses
and so does this film. Russell tries to climax
the story when Jessup finds “The Ultimate
Truth". punctuating the moment with special

I: t r.

 
   

effects. But it all falls ﬂat. Jessup's Truth is an
empty answer. the special effects are the
worst in the whole movie, and the film lust
ends. We want an answer but Russell.
Chayeisky. and Jessup don't have it either.

We're not cheated though. This collapse is
J ' " by the nature of the protect Russell
had to have been aware of that from the
start. It's the )ourney that's important. Ken
Russell is to be admired for the risk. Altered
States is a hallmark liim. _.

 

