 

«ado-i. w w-<—w..7_:- _._;/~- . .1

. “at—mm! 4a.;

‘ exp—"Art
.- __ __s_- V, ,..- ...

_,»r

lii.

E”: q 1.. -

.t;
l.

 

 

r

 

u_gﬁ‘i‘i.r_§ .. 4 “on.”

summatth“Mm-rir‘wsc‘w’c"* '  <

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, Aspects on T ’ Aprtt 14. 19ng

 

 

't's raining pennies fro'm heaven for

Doc Scanlon and the Rhythm

Boys, a three and a half year old
swing Jan group. who 'made their Empire
State Plaza Theatre. debut on Sunday after.
playing Saturday night at Governor Carey's
weddln rece tion.

Sally Rhoades .

 

 

At the Egg. they Joined up with the horn»
blowing Skip Parson’s Riverboat Dixieland
Band. and the multl-lnstrumental teacher.
musician. and Grammy nominee Nick
Brtgnoia and'his jazz ensemble, and created
a foot-stomping, whistling. emotional at-
mosphere with their bebop sound in the last

Jatiinied together on “Sweet Georgia
Brown" and lzrou lit the crowd to its feet.
9

  

hat’s IIP 9

Everyone will tell you a different story: “It
was the name of an Albany Medical Center
doctor." "There used to be a doctor that
played in the group -- his name was Doc
Scanlon." Wrong, wrong. The name Dr.
Clark Scanlon Jr. came out of the movie
One Flew Otter the Cuckoo‘s Nest. Dworkln
said. “The part in the movie where Jack
Nicholson takes all of the patients from his
ward on a boat trip. he introduces one of
them as the famous Doc Scanlon. We Jok-
lngiy started calling Rich "Doc Scanlon" and
It stuck.

The mystery of Doc Scanlon (Richard
Lainhart) and the other stage names: Reggie
Dwightman (Don DWorkin). Lazlo Todd
(Mike Novakowskl). Biff Peters (Peter Davis)

Dr. Richard
Lainhart and
The Rhythm
Boys brought
their unique
style of jazz and
swing to Gov.’s
reception.

. . l .
set of the evening. At the end. the musicians and Boscoe l-uriiran (Davi- l)ltttrt‘ll(!t'). is tttrI
all that makes the Rhythm Boys unique u
tliey are all intilii-instruriientrilists, corn-

itwiting all to a reception at the l)t.'Wlltr posers. and performers who cause young

Clinton Hotel for more jamming. The crowd
munched the corn beef. rye and ptiniper-
nickle as they listened to. danced to and err-

toyed the onmbtnuuonuri the different “tuni-
cians.

Doc Scanlon and the Rhythm Boys all
agreed tlial it was fun and a great honor to

arid old alike to bounce their heads. tap their
feet. and indulge in the great dance music of
the 20‘s and 30's.

The Rhythm Boys all hail from different
ports tri New Y: rrls State (Bulfnln. Wtiturfurd.

Saratoga. Vestal. and Hoist-head). They till
are graduates of SUNYA with the exception

play with the lel longtime area greats. Don oi Durocher. who graduates this spring. and

Dworkin. string bass player. promoter. and
manager of Scanlon's Rhythm Boys. said:
"We want this to be the start of more events
with Nick. Skip. and Doc."

Who is Doc Scanlon? Is that his real
name? Where did he get the name from?

Bigesmakers

l’eiers. who earned his degree at Buffalo.
They range in age from Novakowski. 2b.
to Peters. 37. They all make their living as
musicians: l'eters supports a faintly of three.
Tire Riiylliiii Boys branched irotn a string
band called the Spongey Delights which
played jug. bluegrass. folk and swing jazz.

music. “We had formed a swing Jazz group
on the side which became more bo'okable.
Spongey Delights faded 'away. said
Dworkln. Spongey Delights had been spon-
sored by CETA, the Comprehensive Educa»
tion Training Affiliation. which paid musi-
cians to create musical community service
programs before it dissolved In January of
last year. Novaknwskl said. “CETA was a big
help in my becomming a musician. I didn't
have to give up my music because Icouldn t
support myself with it. They paid me $1252
week to work in the community.
Novakowskl. Dworkln. and Lainhart. who
handled sound. are the only original
members from Spongey Delights. Peters
Joined when the Rhythm Boys formed in Oc-
tober. 1977. Durocher Joined the following
summer.

On stage and off. the Rhythm Boys are
jovial. and they complement each-other
musically and personally. Together they br~
lng swing Jazz alive. They call their tnusic
80's swtng. “We don't do nostalgia. we do
older tunes in a new style." said Dworkln.
Lainlitirt agrees. “We want to Work on ar-
rangements for tunes we play that will give
us a distinctive group sound."

Scanlon. while singing "Love Me or Leave
Me" was described as “soft and cuddly»
looking" with a voice that "steals my heart"
and sounds like “tunes froiti an old RCA
radio in the big band era" by one of his ftlll‘w.
He plays the Vibraphone (vibes) for the
Rhythm Boys and holds o degree in lilec-
Ironic Music. in addition to playing vibes. llL‘
plays the inr‘iritnba. xylophone. and hells.
Before joining the Rhythm Boys. Scanlon
played lit avant-gardu concerts working in
connection with lileclronic Body Arts (IEBA).
He has composed 10 songs. which along
with one Composed by Lazlri Todd. are the
"“W l"'ltsiinal compositions performed by the
Rl‘y'h'" B'WS- Scanlon tn the future Would
like to play and compose twain—9mm.
music seriously.

The dimI’lL’d Reggie Dwiglitrnan sings
“Turn That Frown Upside Down." engages
the audience with his eyes and playful grins.
and swings his string bass around wearing
either his John Kirby-like snap-brim hat or
his Fats Waller derby. He manages. pm.
rnoies. and plays string bass for the Rhythm

or: 7

Boys, and holds a degree in psychology
Before forming Spongey Delights and the
Rhythm Boys. Dwightman was oti the mad
with The Star-Spangled Wash Board lland
for four years.playing Jug music. He is nlSo
actively involved In American Community
Music. lnc.. whose obJective is to preserve
and promote traditional American music
They play in retirement homes. irriria.
children groups and for ltiSillitlttrttaliggd
children and adults. At this time they .iw
producing an education video on swing In”
Their projects are funded by such ('I iriiprirriu.
as Price Chopper. Frelliofier's. lllt' Mohawk,
Hudson Foundation. and New Y..,|._
Council of the Arts. They also tr'tist' intim-
by giving swing time jazz. liﬂlla rittil other
events.

Lazlo Todd. strawberry lilotttlu t‘lt‘llltt
guitarist. is the quietest ilii‘ltiltt't ..( (j...
group. The story told is llirl' o9. ...‘
Hungarian immigrant and dummy .1)“;
Englile Todd is married. ltltlils .r ilt'ihi‘it ..
sociology and plays the banjo “l rim a. out)...
with some friends to play liliit'tllvir lino
playing the banjo," hi the lllllilt to r .- r
improve his music rliltl to titlii|l r: :

songs.

The bearded liiif l’r'Ir-is in tin‘ -- ‘ 1 .
sifted member in the group li- ;. .
quophotii'. t'lriitiret. gtnloi to.
guitar. "l lr' plays lllt'lil .ili irriiirr‘.‘
Todd, l’t'tt’is. ll‘tlil‘i .r illti‘ll‘i
frotti Columbia and has a liist-I
in Africa foi three years lltt'tiltll
C(ll’ljfi

“The golden voice of firm ow i it.» .i‘ ,
how the drummer is lllli'HthItI'tl w -
“Georgia On My Mind" and "i no .‘-i. it -
Wine" in his deep. srnootii. itir'in .
Furtritin will have his degree III iii .-
spring and has coiiiposetl some iiI' “tor
music.

This summer the group will Irr-
Sarittoga to play ti July if) room 
Saralliga Performing Arts Center and. ‘i..
starting July If. they will play I'\t’t‘ no
end at the Gidiutii Putnam lltlit‘l
that they will be playing April in i7 ri‘ui
18th at Rockwell's. located at thr' l.rt!i.rti
Mall. and on the 19th at the Turf too ii iii '
Road, They also play the first \r-tmi v‘tnl
the month at The Shelf.

 

,..

ii-‘im-

A Night With Huddy’s Buddies

6" his blues and pure rock ‘n' roll
J fanatic can tliitik of no better

reason for driving to New York (It-
ty than attending twri outstanding shows per-
iormed by the best in each field. The first
show on Saturday. March 28th. at the
Beacon Theater. hosted a blues extravaganr
za featuring Muddy Waters “with very special
friend. Johnny Winter. and special guest the
James Cotton Band."

Ellis Albright

James Cotton. a veteran of the Muddy
Waters Blues Band from 1950. until he left
to form his own cosmopolitan band in the
late 1960's. is the best llvliig blues liarpest
around. He specializes in boogie. btit can
dish out classic blues riffs better than anyone.

Perpetuatlng a blues tradition. his band
played some funky instrumentals. allowing
each man to stretch out while showing off
his itidividual talents before tlielr lander
Joined them. Strains of harmonica were tiien

“heard in the distance and Cotton. in typical
fashion. danced to center stage while receiv-
lng a standitig ovation. and belted out
“Cotton Boogie." his standard opener which
showcased the boss of boogle's exceptional
harmonica talent. He slowed it down a liit as
they segued Into “Take a Little Walk With
Me.” From 100% Cotton and also Live And
On The Moue. his classic version of "Rocket
88" brought the pace back up again while
the audience bungled along. with Cotttrti
leading the way. "Blues for Big Town." off
his forthcoming album (the first in five years).

 

 

was next. “How Long Cart A Fool (Ttr
Wrong.” also fiotii 100 ‘1) Cotlotr and Litre
And ()it The Moire. anti “Wlietrlt All Comes
Down" closed the liout‘ long set as the band
formed it kickline and danced off stage in for
triatitin. Coming back out. Cotton erit'orerl
with "Boogie Thing." again off lOOil'r Crib
ton and Litre And On The Moire. which left
the crowd applauding for more.

Following a quick half hour intermission.
Muddy's band. also minus their leader.
opened with a blues‘boogie instrumental
featuring solos all around. “T.V. Mania."
and the standard. "Caledonia." brought us
to “Star Time." “The Father of the Blues.
Muddy ‘Mississippi' Waters.” decked out in a
blazing white suit. was greeted by a roaring
standing ovation as he walked out on stage.

Muddy and Company went through a very
familiar and solid set starting off with “You
Don't Have To Go." Playing slide. Mtiddy
dazzled us with a cutting solo on “They Call
Me Muddy Waters." “Baby .l’lease Don't
Go." on his tiiost recent live tlll)Ulli. and
"Driftin‘ Along." paved the way to what we
were all waiting for. and halfway tiito
“Walktn' Thru The Park." Johnny Winter
Joined Muddy to the evening's loudest ova‘
ttoii. With slide in hand. Johnny took over
and cranked out a blazing solo during the last
half of the song. Basking In the applause.
Muddy exclaimed. “Johnny Winter.“
Johnny shouted. “Muddy Waters." Muddy.
“Johnny.” Johnny. "Muddy." back and
forth. This mutual praise continued after
each song. They swapped slide licks on
“Deep DOWn In Florida." then Muddy rested

 

his ‘l'elecastei. walked to the stages' edge.
and started shouting. jumping and dancing
to his classic “Hoochle Coochie Man " The
spotlight belonged hi Johnny as he sang
l‘l_ove With A Feeling" and stretched out on
a beautiful slide solo for several minutes. The
band started “Mannish Boy." and James
Cotton‘canie back out enticing Muddy to

   

boogie with him. with the crowd encourag-
liig them all the way. Going Into a shuffle.
the baiid filed tiff stage but soon were back
acknowledging the overwheltiitng response.
Their faces aglow with smiles. Muddy.
Johnny. and James uncured with “Got My
Main Working" tiito another shuffle while
Muddy exited tor the last time of the show.
The Second encore featured Just the band
and audience singing "Sweet
Chicago" Into another shuffle.

In 1977. them three blues giants col-'

Home

 

laborated oii two outstanding illlt'tiii .\li‘
dy Writers. Hort! Again. and .loimir , i.\ in"
Nothin' Hut The fifties 'l'lir' twir'm' ' it
which followed left an t‘\’i‘tlri‘rilti’ "nib"

sion on the music ltl(lilslt\.’ ittttl i‘l ".r tiil‘ltl‘
of all who attended any of lltt'nt‘ i awn»
Muddy. Johnny. and James lirt\r' |llr|ki'tl

 
   
   

together a few times since 1077. rlllll .ioiirirry
occasionally shows up at .i Muddy WHW"
concert in the New York (frtv rill“) “I‘M "‘

I” (out
o stip-

New York has mine .i lontt “WW
years with renewud interest rtlitl ruin
port on the fairs behalf Jutlgttltt li“"‘ ““
dience and tinisicirin tt‘rttlliith. iltts ftthl
scheduled together event tlt (out \W" “l”
certainly not be the last imti Ultl‘l l“""' l'"
the best. (Muddy's new album. ii’iirrr “N'-
wili be released any day folletil li'" “'2'

birthday. April 4.)

 

 

 

 

' A

 

IApriI 14. 1981

ShﬁdﬂlﬂlNﬂLEeajJJ

French Kiss w 'th'A 'l'rvst

rouble returns to paradise in La
Cage Aux Fofles I]. further
episodes in the tender and lunatic
comedy of a St. Tropez gay couple whose
first appearance was a great success, Cage I
was one of the highest grossing forei ii films

Anne Johnstone

on record in this country. whose mass
market film itidustry hasn't dorie well with
homosexual themes — The Boys in the
Baird was a box office flop. and the heavy-
harided Cruising outraged gay activists. But
trust the French to make witty and affec—
tionate comedy of a lifestyle still so sensitive
here that it's reduced in the movies to safe
cliches or sen/ed up as a burning moral
issue. it takes a cleareyod and subtle
perception of the essential humaniiess in
aberrant behavior like transvestites to make
rill intelligent farce of it. and Cage  both
parts — shows this intelligence in its strong
roles and the good chemistry between them
Patient and protective Renato. .i gov
nightclub owner. rind his \iiliil transvestite
llirilt‘ Alhiii. are as tight for each other as

 

 

Mattlrriu and l.t'ltllttiitt or Hope and Crosby
seeing tlieiri together again is like seeing
old friends who put us ltt 4| good mood.
(.‘rtge I. the iilrned version of ti stage play.
was set in the hotliouse interior of the lovers'
apartment. where Retirito's sort (outcome of
ti heterosexual fling) introduced his stodgy
and conventional prospective lii‘lr'iWs to his
"faintly." Alliiii's innnic performance as
Martin was ill once grotesque and cliartiiitig.
and we laughed with. as well as at him. as
the iii-laws struggled with their discomfort.
II Part I had a flaw. it was ati exclusively in»
door set that made Edouard Mollnaro's
direction seem stritic — the camera just
reCorded exits and entrances. in Part II.
though. director Mollnnm takes Renato and
Albiri outdoors iii a spy-intrigue plot (Sittlelt
microfilm is planted on Albin. and the pair

Where There’s A Wit

Me An

elvtn Duriitnar is the "nobody"
who claims to have once given
Howard Hughes a ride and their
subsequently turns up r| lluglir-s will lllril
tiritiies liitii as one of the bi'twfit‘trir'ies.
Mt'fttiti rIiitf fftlli'tll’if is not about the Hill-
tioversy surrounding lllt’ will. but instead
tells the stoiy of ti "nobody" and his dreams

Jack Nuthall

of material Wi'rtltli Wheels pietloiniiiritn iii
the filitt as it symbol of ll|<ll wealth. it opens
with a motorcycle tlllil t‘lltl\ with a pickup
truck. The tll'th‘Wr‘tV to Melviii's (l’riiil
l.eMrit) lirlllCl is lilit'tl Willi tires illitl his gas
station has a rotating lire display Melvtn

diives ti pickup. a milk buck. and a Lrirlillac.

Arid of criiiist'. in lit-no. llt' plays the “wheel
of fortune." N

If it weie atypical "whet-l offorttitie story.
it would be it tired movie But Melvin is not

some poor fool itite keeps knocking down.

LeMai didn't play him as the stereotypical
gorilla blue-collar worker seen portrayed iii
most flllllS. He comes across instead as a
believable person whose wtie (Mary slUL‘tt‘
burgen) wins $1f).()()ii on a TV game show.
while he wins a color TV. and even has the
chance to have his own business. Despite his

chances. Melvin is constantly buried alive by

are pursued by spies and government
agents) that sends them front the Mediterra-
nean cafe society off into the lush wheatilelds
of rural ltaly. where they hide out with
Renato's family. Their attempt to "pass" as a
heterosexual couple is as ludicrous as the
bungling of police who aren't much better at
discretion, (A squad of agents assigned to
protect Albin do it with such inept eagerness
that a pneumatic drill's machine-gun-like
report sends them hustling him to the
ground).

A couple of the James Bond-iin plot con-
ventions scented stale (people have a predic—
table way of falling dead at others' feet). but
all the roles are expertly acted. Michel Ser-
rault's Alblii is a comic riiristr'rpiece. Middle-
aged and paunchy. Albiii is victim of a
massive identity confusion: he's neither man
nor \voman. but a sort of hybrid species that.
as Renato says. tries to walk a tightrope bet-
ween tlrern. lit-'s obsessed with youth and
sexiness. and though his reckless vanity is
grotesque. he keeps otir sympathy because
Whether he

srrsliriys oitt in tin oveidresst'tl Grace Kelly

ltt' loves his acts so Iiilt('li.

'sott ol otitfit to prove to Renato he's still

beautiful and desirable. or leaps shrieking
from a giant btrtlitlriy rake. lilit‘ stiltii‘lltlllti
resembling Lucille Hill). the effects are lil/rllll'
tllitl pathetic. btit llt' \viiis us oyt'i lot trying
too llr'llil. l’ieti'iirling to be it he illrlii \viii
dow tvrisliei. ltt' doesn't just wear the right
cap and overalls. btil tliiows liinrseli corn
pletely into the role. swngget‘ing and guffaw-
itig A— until a telltale whine breaks tliiotigli.
As on lltllltlil peasant wife. ltt’ belts out

iolksongs with an operatic abandon. and pit ‘

("hing liiw lit the brilliant sunshine. he bats his
eyelashes and puckers his lips in frenzied
delight when a macho |irilf»\vit saunters up to
say. “You excite me." He's ludicrous but ir-
repressible.

, Ugo 'l‘ognaui's Renato puts up garrier
with Albiri's vanity. like tr devrrted arid long-
suffering hushaiid. With his almost rugged

. t"  I' ‘ ‘- J
Mary Steenburge
debt. This is not a movie about the ups and
downs of the “wheel of fortune'I but about
the desire to play the wheel and the conse-
quences of it. it is the America of the finan-

rﬁunT ‘

r». c

n. Oscar winner for dreamy wife in Mei
rial magic — the buy now-pay later land of
credit cards and game shows. It is clearly a

 

I

and masculine good looks. he could pass for
straight —- except his wrist limpness. a sway»
ing hipped walk and his "discreet" gold
necklace and artfully arranged pocket han-
dkerchief. He's a solid and loyal fellow. but
Tognazzl plays his dual faceted character —
the weary "husband" who asks his "wife."

    
  

8

with a wry smile. to Ii|l(t' off his shoes. .ian
the stylish (lrlllflV who gives lessons in walk
irig gratefully with a gentle irony: lil‘
knows himself and his ninte too well to trike
either completely seriously

A sense of irony might give the one sup
porting role ill-Ii foils some substance w the
prissy black tirariservniitIniaid Joseph
(played hy (‘rirrvnriui Berriryluke) wlrri
minces around in holpatits got laughs Just for
his absurdity in Part l. but this character
doesn't have llli' depth or wit to make a 5L"

(I Howard H

uin And Howard.

modern tragedy.

The director. Jonathon Denime. carries

By Blum

GOOD nun THAT

      

 

 

Pilaf-£511“ PIG .r NEE-D
SortE. ADVICE ON
THIS RESEAilLtii‘Mi—Vx
I‘M Nllll iNG-
)

Y i


6

 

3.1%.
quk

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

too mam wows.

iT'S A .6
ms ONLY m lABuS
ct: cDNTENtS.

     
   

AL)
.5 .3.)
eta "

 

 

 

 

cond appearance seem worthwhile. The
other supporting role familiar to us from Part
I. the upstanding Mayor Charrlere. is a
wonderfully comic performance of

beleaguered dignity. And as the chief
government agent. Marcel Bozuffi‘s acting is
Just right — his subtle double takes parody to

lllt’ i'ool-tigerit
ovr‘iplaying it

tlt'ndpiitr style without
it turns oitt at the movie's end that the one
of liozufii's agents who protests loudest
when he's asked to wear drag disguisi- is.
well. you may have guessed it -- ire shyly
puts an arm around Renato and gives him a
hungry look. The Joke seems strained. but
the silly ngent in redeemed: he watches

Renato and Alhiri brave a hail of bullets to
embrace each other and sighs. “That's
beautiful." We believe him. 0

this off competently for the most part. The
settings are realistic sets of plastic semi-
squalor juirk. The comedy works well as
social satire, and the characters are effectively
balanced Melvin's first wife speaks of the
power of believing when they have lost their
own home, Melvin. wearing ti captain's hat.
sits iii his yacht which is parked in the
driveway and calls the Coast (itiriid ioi
weather reports. The audience easily ideii~
lilies with the (‘llrllrit'lL’lS when they speak of
their impossible dreams and desires. And yet
the audience simultaneously realizes the
destruction that comes from living for those
dreams.

There are problems with the film though.
In trying to blend social satire. comedy. and
personal drariia. Demme fails to pull
everything together to make a complete
whole. Mary Steenburgen gave a creditable
performance that unfortunately borders. at
times, on the kind of stereotyping LeMat
aVoIds (clearly her performance did not
deserve the Oscar). And LeMat. in avoidtrig
reducitig his character to a stereotype. mud-
dles his portrayal. For most of the film i felt I
knew Melvin. but occasionally he seemed a
stranger.

Though flawed. Meiuirr and Howard re
mained to the end a poignant storon a pro-
blem many in our nation face. one best
characterized by the scene in which Melvin's
first wife leaves liitii. When she tells him she
always dreamed of being a French translator.
he is quick to point out she can't speak
French. She says. “I said it was a dream
‘Melvirif'

The biggest irony of all is that this well-
tirade flltii has had problems realizing its own
dream. Most critical opinion has been
favorable yet at the box office it has been
struggling. Thai is simply too bad. it is en
lJoyable and says something important. 0

 

 

'Page’7li p

 

