 

 

i
I
.i

    

tat all e terns on d

 

‘

 
   

Hedi-ism And Blue: Mm" A

'i'HE EXOTIC, EROTIC wens or SCHENEC'I‘AW

go In. a reaction I'm sure Isn't un-
common to first-time visitors to
“Adult Bookstores." Mind you. i wouldn'
have gone to the place of my own volition
Legally. i couldn't anyway. One must bc

Michael Dixon

twenty-one to enter. l'm still several rnontbs

shy of nineteen.

This was a visit purely for research pur-
poses — to see If l'd be carded, and to get
some first-hand experience. l'd been told to
walk In. start browsing. and see If they
bothered to check my l.D. if l was Indeed
allowed In. l was supposed to see what the
place was like. what the staff was like. what
sort of people were there. (Maybe —- the
heart races - biiy something. . . only to see
what they were selling.)

The windows were covered so that l
couldn't see In. On Store One was a promi»
nent sign saying no one under twenty-one
years would be admitted. "Positive proof o’
age required," As l walked through the en
trance foyer. and into the store. I turned to r

man behind a glass counter who looked like
dll over-weight truck driver who was having
a bad day. and said. in a rather nervous
fashion. "Howdy!"

He grunted back at me. and when he
didn't ask for l.l).. I began to browse. So
much for positive proof of age required.

The shop's layout was simple. almost
simple-minded. On the counter were the
films and video cassettes. inside the counter.
and on the wall behind it. were the gifts and
novelties: vibrators. latex genitalia. and the
like. Remember Mother's Day. The side
walls werecovered with sucir llltt.‘ periodicals
as Roommates and [lot Tits and Splits.
These were wrapped in plastic and Iriing by
clips. one copy of each (a shop-lifting deter»

I was afraid someone might see me

 

 

 

Photo: Sun. Stelnklmp
rent. l supposed). Sn much for checking out
the merchandise before l bought it.

Though it wasn't the Dewey Decimal
System. the magazines were in a logical
order of sorts. On the left wall were all the
bondage. S 8: M. and leather magazines. On
the right wall. where the bulk of the stock
was. things were seemingly hung by
category. The most prominent of these were
lesbian sex. large breasts. masturbation
(sub-divided into shaved and non-shaved
beavers), and finally Young Stuff and
virgins.

Having done some browsing. i decided to
buy the sleaziest title lcould find. l was about
to pick up a really cute one called Tie Me
Up. when l noticed one far tackier — ljust
had to buy It. So. with my wallet in one hand
and the latest copy of Let's Play Lez In the
other. i marched boldly up to the counter.
While waiting for my change. I looked up
and saw a large sign which proudly stated
Isl were fr sale on-

   

ly to those with an educational need.

(At this point i should mention that the
prices were ridiculous. My selection was one
of the cheapest, and It went for five dollars.
Once l got it home. i found that it contained
only forty-seven pages. Of these. only six
were in color.)

l paid for it and left, Again. no Check of

"My. that was easy." I said to myself. as l

‘ment signs out front. and as l stepped into its

 
 

shouldn’t enter. (Token gesture. Nice. but
definitely token). For a third time. by age
wasn't questioned. 'Of course. i wasn't really
expecting It to be by this time.

This place was similar to the other tWo. but
somehow seemed a bit more professional.
Seeing they also had a Peep Show. 1 decid—
ed to see how it stacker! up against the last
one. A mistake. Rude turned to downright
distasteful. Needless to say. when things

 

stepped into the foyer. lurtively stuffing my
purchase down the front of my coat.

As i stepped Into the entrance foyer of
Store Ttvo. t'passed a guy (roughly twenty-
five-ish) coming out. He seemed not in the
least nervous as he walked to his car and
drove off. By this time. i wasn't all that her-
vous myself, Again. despite the signs. no
one checked my Ll).

Stepping into the shop itself. I found the

stopper] In mid-stream. I opted not to put in
another quarter.

The prices here were a bit better. but at
this poiitt i didn't really feel like buying
anything more. so i just browsed. l restrained
myself lronr laughing when I saw a rack of iris
credibly silly-looking. strap-on. latex body
parts. (You Wonder who they fool _

Browsing a bit more. I noticed a table of
paperbacks. Each was. as I expected. irr-

dtvtdually wrapped in plastic. but lllls rm...
with a difference. Each package had .r s||< (1...,
saying that the material was lttlt'lttlt'tl mm,
for scientific. educational. gln't'tltlltl‘ttlrrl or
similar reasons. The same (llSL‘lrtttttt‘t  at
course. over the counter.

i couldn't help it. | starter! to san tam
Fighting a temptation to hold up n trawl...
and say. “Wow! This will really Iw'l. tui' H.

Sociology." was more difficult than -'  .HM
have been.
Deciding to keep a low profile. | t‘ ..,.,i..

better of it.

it was then that I saw the only inn w ...t
the day w the issue of Spurn. lilo r- .i.-.t
featuring “The Last llririrrlr" (Ali's 1.. w .141.
for twenty-five cents.

"it's old." the proprietor told ltit‘

did a dorthlu~take at tlnl price

Along with this. I picked up .i (rw  - ‘ '
ter called “The Love ling litillutin i;
As (stepped iiitotlrcfoyer. .‘slttflltiit n r-
tnost recent acquisitions down on w
along with Let's Play Lez and Fetish Iii/wily
I realized why they put loyers in all thw -. iii'
bookstores. They make great ])lritt‘s t-. :
furtive stuffing.

Upon getting home and tt‘ttttit’tltit tln‘
plastic wrapping. I was quite tllsirtiliirttiti‘il
None of this stuff was worth the pot. .1
tracted. aird i had to explain it all to III‘ in i
brother. who'd been fronting the bit. itr'
finally. after thumbing through the llll‘il. .r 
photos of dikes and leather (lttt't'iis. l
across some really good pltlrlittitrtjtltt.

l'd opened the copy of Sports Illusion. .i .

  

.irw

 

layout to be similar to that of my previous
stop. alllroirglr it had several new variations.
The most noticeable of these were the Peep-
Sltows. For a quarter. you see a couple of
minutes of pretty rude film. Since 1 was sup
posed to check the place out thoroughly. l
stepped iitto the booth. sat down. and drop»
ped in my two bits. The film was projected
onto a small whiteboard on the back of the
door to the booth. On the wall was a promi-
nent sigir which said: "Please don't write on
the movie screen."

Something about that really cracked me
tip.

The Iriovie. by the way. was horiirg as hell.
You can only watch an extreme close-up of
in-and-out. in-and-out so long before you
start yawning. To encourage you to drop in
another quarter. the film stops right in the
middle of things in sort of a coitus interrtip~
tus. I'm sure there are plenty of folks who
keep dropping in quarters to see how things
come out, i didn't.

Having completed that portion of my
research. I started browsing through the
printed material. This shop had paperback
porn novels for sale at a dollar fifty each.
These were all individually wrapped in
plastic. as were the magazines. l considered
buying a book. but then tliougbt that l'd buy
a bondage magazine instead. Alter careful
deliberation. I settled on this month's Fetish
Bizarre. Again. for five dollars it contaiirec
forty-seven pages of which only six were it
color.

it did. however. show all sorts of neat
things to do with ropes. gags. Ben-gay
vibrators. and such. to teachers who grade
harshly (all at oncell.

While paying. I noticed the same
disclaimer on the register l'd seen at Store
One. 1 said nothing of it. and neither did the
cashier. He must have assumed that I need-
ed the magazine for educational purposes. i
got the feeling he made a lot of assumptions.

As l stepped back into the foyer. lurtively
stuffing Fetish Bizarre down my coat with
Let's Play Lez‘. l bumped into an Incoming
shopper. l smiled and said "Howdy." but he
just wasn‘t In a talkative mood. He just
shrugged and went Into the shop.

 

Store Three had the usual age require-

foyer. i noticed a new one. This sign describ- l
ed the nature of the materials for sale. and
Idhat those w mt ht be i

     
 

“if MllGlHlT START A 

pprehensively. l stood in the long
line weaving through the lecture
centers waiting to get into the
movie. I looked around anxiously at the
crowd. but i avoided making eye contact
because l didn't want anybody to see me

Sylvia Saunders

there. Alter all. only degenerates go'to por-
nographic movies.

l looked around for sex maniacs. repulsive
men clad in treirch coats and desperately un»
fulfilled couples. but none were to be found.
Instead i saw people from my classes. people
from my quad. people from the ASP. This
line was no different from the one I had
stood on a couple of weeks before. waiting
for No Nukes. As the line advanced. I got
slightly more nervous — for maybe i would
be as wrong about the movie as l was about
the crowd.

Finally the movie started. Now i realized
Emanuelle fl is considered juvenile porn or
at least soltporn. But no matter how mild it
was supposed to be. these people were there
because it was an x-rated movie.

The plot was certainly simple enough.
Emanuelle was rather a dreamy lady who
found sex wherever she went. She went to a
polo game. a dance class. a Soiree at the
American Embassy; to an acupuncture
specialist (at most Interesting sequence for
one who has never seen acupuncture). to an
Oriental bathhouse and. oddest of all to a
Thai-French brothel. As Emanuelle'sl hus-
band explained. “Emanuelle believes in free
love. She gives only to whom she chooses
and she chooses anyone she likes." l thouth
that was a glib bit of philosophtztng but
weren‘t there to hear reasoning. after allwe

The rest of the movie ts hard to recall it
was just a variety of sex combinations .—
1sgmetrmes with one person. sometimes with
thslﬁeSge. sometimes with three (that was'

While the film Itself was not funny the
dtence seemed to view It I

 

au-
that way. Mike

endd Fried. Albany State Cinema Director

said he doesn't remember any x~i.rtwl mo 
where the audience didn't laugh "i' it
natural reaction." be explained "It
movie are unintentionally future So :1. "
things are so campy."

Fried said that probably the IIltlItlti‘t
reason people go is fora laugh. "It's .r it '
be said. "Besides. they're a little rrrnon l'
probably the first opportunity for llrt'ttr If N
one without having to go to some slmr

hole."

And it seems as if a great number of PW"
ple take advantage of the opportan
Usually there are at least two porn movies on
campus per semester.

"They're a sure sell-out." Fried said. “Will
we always make money on them
because they're cheap to get."

Fried said. however. that his group mm”
to only order soft-core porn. "A 101 “l Pc‘ml“
don't like hardcore porn. It's just the 50”)“
thing over and over. There's absuluiL‘lV It“
story litre. After the first 30 minuteS. le’l"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

Awf ll
Stuplildy
, Press

 

 

 

Vol. MCMLVII N0. §

  

Inferno Towers on‘DutCh

to assemble an all-star cast, in-
cluding Paul Newman. Rosie Grier.
Helen Hayes. Charo. Luke from'
General Hospital, and Jorma.

by Loose Levis

A fire early this morning
destroyed the top five floors of the
tower on Dutch Quad.

According to Assistant Director
of Public Safety Karl Snarl. the
cause of the fire is highly
suspicious.

towcr arc in the millions of dollars.
including. the cost of rebuilding the
structure. as well as the losses in
furniture. drugs and designer jeans.

Early dairragc estimates to the

Doyle is reportedly fuming at the
choice of Orson Welles to portray
him.

SA President Suc-hcr-for-thc

Gold labeled the fire "the worst

disaster in SUNYA history since the

Among the unanswered ques-
tions. Snarl said. is why no one
noticed the fire titttil three hours
after it began.

Snail noted was

that the fire

miraculously extinguished by the
flying
Albany

by a low
itrt u

breeze created
airplane crashing
County Airport.

  

18

'iiirriir‘rii‘iiii
16 17

‘iiipyil

5

Controller Irate Stomach
Shown fit'l'l‘ rlcttuil .stce

election of Governor Carey.

Not to be outdone. Colonial
Quad liorird voted in an cmci'gcncy
session this morning to hire film
producer ll'\\’lll Allen to assemble it
disaster of their own.

According to Colonial Quad
Resident Assistant (RA) Lees (hic-

vi. the Quad lioiird's first more was

The Short Can ’t Run in

Foolsday, 1891

  

Director of Residence Polivc

Colonial Quad Director Howdy
Midriff is also reportedly unhappy
at the choice of .Iiiit Bacchus to take
his place.

According to another (.‘olonitil
RA. Dane littcctinus. the working
title for the film is “Towering
'l‘owcr." which will be filmed
Mityl'cst weekend, “when almost
everything is' burnt.”

 

“No More Dwarf-Nonsense”

by Comics ln-Ynur-Ilurgor

New SA election regulations,
which will be in effect for the up-
coming campaigns. mandate that
all election hopefuls pass certain
height requirements, according to
election commissioner Moby Tar-
poon. ,

Candidates will now have to sub-
mit to strict tests to prove they are
actually over five feet tall. ‘

“We can‘t have anymore of this
dwarf nonsense.“ Tarpoon said.
“It's been too easy for them to
escape public scrutiny iii the past.
We have to keep an eye on those sly
littlc devils and make sure they

SUNYA Tries Hard to

‘iy Kris Kross

After little or no response from
the SUNYA community. students
have organized the Student Apathy
Association (SAA) to coordinate
apathetic activities on campus into
useless channels.

(Tn-founders of the Associatin,
Cari Krappingoff and Rhonda
Bovine, said the time is right to
organize apathy at SUNYA.

“There is so much apathetic
talent at this school that is being
wasth right now." Krappingoff
said.

One of the major changes pro-
posed by SAA is to do away with

the present undergraduate business
degree requirements. “it's too
hard." said Krappingoff. “We
would propose scrapping the re-
quiremcnts in favor of creating
more interesting and generalized
courses such as littro Business and
Intermediate Business."

“That would give us it chance to
broaden our background iii other.
easier courses." said Bovine.

The SAA leaders also spoke of

revamping the academic podium to I

promote apathy. “We’d like to see
a deep end and a diving board in the
fountain." said Krappingoff. “And
if funds permit. we would also like

measure up."

Turpoon stressed that SA height
problems have been costly to the
university over the years. “Because
of an accident just this past
semester, the university had to dole
out hundreds of dollars to remove
all the mousctraps from the SA of-
fice. It was a hassle. but it had to be
done. SA Controller Irate Stomach
was iii traction for weeks.“

Stomach. Iiowcvcr. vcltetttcnlly
opposes the new regulations.
"We're insignificant anyway —
why make it big deal out of it?" he
said.

an all wczrilrcr dome and sun lumps
around it." .

Also speaking of the fountain
area, Bavinc said, “Get rid of that
damn tower. It block the suit and
my tan gets uneven.“

“We also want academic credit
for tans." said Iiovinc. ‘fl work
really hard getting a tan in this lousy
weather. and i deserve three credits
for it.“

In the area ofcoursc registration.
SAA has prepared a number of pro-
posals. “We‘d like to piit a one year
statute of limitations on drop-
add." said Krappingoff. "I mean

continued on putrian .\(‘i.$‘

Stay Home and Forget Classes

by Yourgues‘s‘ Orminc

in a landmark decision yesterday.
the University Scutrtu announced
that rritdcrgr_trdutrlc students will
only have to attend classes on the
days of the midterm and final.

The decision was given an affir—
inutivc vote by all council iircmbcrs
except by Graham .I. Cracker-field.

"My students only show up for
the midterm and final now. I felt it
was my dirty not to vote on an issue
that wasn't going to affect inc iii the
future." Cracker-field stated.

Most teachers who voted yes on
the issue did so because they felt
their lectures were boring arid it
Would be easier for students to. learn
the material from the books. Ae-
couniiirg professor Hairy Canine
said, “I don't thiirk students should
ltilt.‘ to attend class to see the same
slides I‘ve been showing for the last
tirirty semesters. They can get the
notes from anyone who‘s taken the
class since I965."

Sonic voted yes to prevent the
Hitler-type tactics that some

teachers exert on students during
class. Onc professor cited publicaliy
for this offense was Insufficient
Bottcywiis of the business depart-
merit.

In his defense. Boncywits stated,
“l'in'ti World War it veteran and I
feel it's my duty to be laugh. You
must crack it whip on the class once
in a while to keep them going. lfso-
inconc laughs in my class. I'm going
to see that they're brutalizcd."

Boncywits' tactics might have
been the cause for someone throw-

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fllm crow sets‘ Lil) for "Tower-tin: Tower. "
Tile/ill” Inrns lop/int: Io/rf/oolts front Ir‘ri,er*r[i' Io II'i'inn/rli.

SA Vice President lh'aiir Leveled
also opposes the new guidelines. “if
you remember.“ said Leveled. "l
bitscd my whole election ‘Etltlpiiltllt
on getting cable television on can»
pus. I thought it was advantageous
to be no larger titan the TV set. you
know. for publicity and
everything." i

But Turpoon is adamant in his
support of the guidelines. "At pre-
sent." he said. “three-fourths of
the office space is riot being ntiliI—
ed. l'd like to see some SA officials
next year who cart make full use of
those quarters.

“Also.” Tarpoon continued, “it
would benefit SUNYA‘s reputation
to have people of larger stature riin-

    

SA Election

niiig its student association."
Leveled insists that the new
regulations will not improve SA one
bit. “You can't get any better than
what you've got right now." said
Leveled. "All the tall people are
busy doing other things. With me.
for instance. I couldn‘t play basket-
ball and I am totally inconspicuous
on campus. I had nothing better to
do — I am perfect for the posi-
tion.“

In the end. Levclcd added. it is
up to the students anyway. "They
could have picked Frank Batman
for my job. but it was easier to
reach lower down in the voting
booth to where I wrote my name.

“That proves something.” be
said.

These students did not attend the apathy meeting.

“Lon/tr like the Apathy Association

ing an egg at him last spring. When
asked about it. Bnncywits said.
“He missed me anyway. so the
yolk‘s on him."

The class attendance issue lutd
been in legislation for over three
years before the final decision was
announced. The main reason for
the issue taking so long to resolve
was the fairnth lobbying of Presi—
dent Vincent Don‘t-fear-nrc and
Richard Ellis-cope of the Traffic
Safety Department.

“Without class time, who am I
going to show my boring films and
TV clips to —— my wife?" Elliscopc
said. “Without class sessions there
won't be any need for my students
to put their names on a piece of
paper. hanging from their desk. so I

is a success " mid Bovtnc.

can get to know them," he stated.
Elliscopc did not attend the council
meeting.

l’rcsidcnt Don’t-fear-mc also did
not attend because of an extended
business lunch in the Patroon
Room.

Other teachers commented on
their affirmative votes. Hands Peb-
blcsundcr of the Classics Depart-
ment claimed. "The whole theory
that class attendance is important is
just a myth." History Professor
Kropsy stated. "I knew it was going
to happen sooner or later. you can
trace it all the way back to World
War It." Afro-American Studies
teacher Joe Afro added. “I always
cancelled class anyway. so it really
doesn't matter."

 

 

 

 

 

