 

.r as:

 4-.

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

liars.  

 

n spite of the fact that it was Easter

J Sunday. J.B. Scott‘s was packed.

with eight hundred people ﬂocking

to see Todd Rundgren's Utopia live. It‘s been

a while since they've played such a small

venue as J.B. Scott's in this area. and they

seemed to get a charge from being so close

to their audience. who were very en-
tbttsiastlc.

Laurel Solomon

They opened with a cut entitled “One
World." from their forthcoming album Swi
inging to the Right. which is due for June
release. The rest of the show accented their
newer albums. although they did dig up a
few classic numbers from earlier ones.

“The Road to Utopia" followed. as well as
“Back on the Street" and "Caravan." Next
was "Time Heals." as Todd said. from "one
of the band member's solo albums." This. of
course. came from Todd's own newly-

Brainstorm

 

 

 

Low Demand For

ne of the hottest hands out of

g Atlanta. The Brains. recently ap—

peared at .l.B. Scott's. Tlielr

musically balanced energetic set should've

received roars from the crowd. but--Where
were they?

Ray Caligiure

 

Less titan 100 people attended the show
to see The Brains perform songs from their
second alburrr. “Electronic Eden." newly
released on Polygranr records.

The club seemed huge iii comparismr to
the tiny crowd. This presented The Bruins
with a difficult situation. which they handled
extremely well by maltrtainirrg a good rap-
port withihe audience. while entertaining
them with an interesting assortment of
danceable Songs.

The Brains are led by singersongwrtter
and synthesizer player Tom Gray. Gray
receives ample support from guitarist Rick
Price. bassist Bryan Smithwick and drummer
Charles Wolff. whose simple but powerful
style resembles that of Hugo Burnham. from
the Gang of Four. ‘

Performing songs of varying tempos from
“Electronic Eden." The Brains quickly
established themselves with the crowd.
Slow. moody pieces like "Hypnotized" and

Matinee!

 

released solo album. ' Healing. which
although he plays all the instruments on the
studio disc. came across very well within the
context of Utopia.

John Willie Wilcox took over on lead
Vocals for a fine rendition of “Crazy Lady I
Blue." which was followed by another tune
from that soon-to-be-released album called
“The Up." Sandwiched between that and
another new song called “The Last Dollar on
Earth" (heavy social comment in the Run-
dgren vein with sensitive vocals by Roger
Powell) was the classic “Love of the Com-
mon Man." whichgencouraged much cheer-
ing from the crowd.

"The Wheei".was another tune which met
with extraordinary enthusiasm. it exhibits
Utopia at their best. the whole spirit behind
the band shining through. Even Kasim
Sultan. who seemed to be pretty tired
throughodt the show livened up on this one.
Todd had the whole audience clapping
along with him. and included some incredi-

"Eyes of ice." which featured Gray's flowing
keyboard melodies. provided many in-
teresttrrg effects. And on “Dream Life." a
frantic rockerf‘guitarist Price took command
of the stage. Price's soarings leads got the
crowd up and dancing.

The Brains didn't just stand up and play--
they moved around and encouraged the
crowd to dance.

The best audience reaction they received
all night occurreddwhen Price jumped trito

    

' I , _ V V_ .
the audience and started hopping around.
while in the middle of a piercing solo that
delighted the dancurs in frorri of the stage.
He even leaned over one of the front tables
and let the seated spectators play his guitar.
This was the high point of their show.
instead of letting the small crowd upset
their egos. The Brains played hard and en-
joyed themselves .is much as the audience

 ' sou-id, & Vision

 

ble guitar solos.

More new music followed; cuts from
Adventures in Utopia. De/ace the Music.
Healing, and Swing to the Right.
"Lysistrada" contained a make love not war
message. ironic in that the band was clad in
army camouflage fatigues and T‘shtrts.
Todd's hair. cut just below his ears. further
limited the hippie image which has
characterized him over the years.

They closed the set with “Love in Action"
and "Last of the New Wave Riders." leaving
the crowd begging for more. They came
back out to do "Couldn't l Just Tell You"
from Todd‘s Something/Anything album.
and “Love is the Answer." which really
epitomized what Todd and his image to the
public is all about.

What probably makes Todd Rundgren so
popular (besides his musical wizardry) is his
accessibility. He doesn't put on any airs as so

did.

The Brains demonstrated their talent for
performing well under adverse conditions.
With a bigger crowd. there's no telling what
they could achieve.

There is still the problem of filling these
clubs they're performing at. especially in
dead spots like Albany. where publicity is
needed. Their record company. Polygram.
is responsible for promoting the band's
records and tours. So far. they're doing a

l
t

 

l Less than 100 peo-
ple saw Tom Gray,
Rick Price. Bryan
Smllhwlck and
Charles Wolff pet-
l’orm at J.B. Scott's
last week. Will The
Bruins sell?

      

terrible job.

Polygrain has not advertised The Brains
enough. As a result. the already uphill strug-
gle will be nearly impossible. Without a pro«
per promotional campaign. The Brains will
suffer from poor record sales. and will have
less than capacity audiences to play for. ex
cept in huge markets like New York. where
the band is reasonably well known.

April 24. mil

Ilt'bpia l-I-its Allew Stage

many rock performers do; he knows that the
people are responsible for his success. and
he appreciates the fact that they go to so
much trouble to see his concerts. He shakes
hands and talks to his fans. and a feeling of
warmth develops which I have never seen
before at any other show. Perhaps it is this
special quality. a knowledge that he is “real
people" which makes people go to see him
again and again. A combination of auction
musicianship (besides Todd's exceedingly
long and illustrious list of credentials. and

’ reputation as an innovator in many aspects

of the media; Kasim Sultan. Roger Powell
and John Wilcox all irave impressive records
of their own). and down-to-earthedness.
and just plain enthusiasm (you can tell that
they're having a great time up there). make
Utopia one of the best bands to catch in con-
cert. Their J.B. Scott's show was one of the
best concerts to have appeared there in re
cent months. it was Just One Victory in a
long line of conquests. past and future. .

Brains In Albany

Bands are constantly being ripped off lw
cornpanles who refuse to promote lllL‘ilt
Advertising can sell anything: look at all thy
junk sold on television. if a bad band can by
sold. a good one can surely find success ill
advertising.

Airplay is crucial to the survival of any
band: if they're not heard. they \voir't st-ll
records. These corporations Would rather in»
vest their money in an established oct. than
to try to push an unknown baird onto the tilt
waves.

This is the biggest task The Brains now
face. They have the talent. but l"i)lygr.irti'~
support ls essential to their success.

The Brains are one of the better bands on
the club circuit. With good songs and enter
iairriltg performances. they can slroivrrrw
their talents well in a club setting. They need
promotion though. to give them a better
chance at obtaining success.

There are some catchy songs that could
break the bank on the radio. "Hy|)iitilldt'tl"ls
one such song. Possessing a llkL'iil‘lt’.
dreamy quality. with good singing and Ill
tricate guitarwork. “Hypnotized” is on vs
cellent introduction to The Brains.

The concert was a success after all. If J H
Scott's had been filled that night. few Would
have been disappointed.

So. next time around. use

your
head—see The Brains. .

Thorosood Puts On The Ritz

y recent fantastic blues weekend
continued on a Sunday night at the
Ritz where the Jon Paris Band and

George Thorogood rock ‘n' rolled until the
early Monday Manhattan hours.

Ellis Albright

Jon Paris. best known as Johnny Winter's
bass player. opened the show with his own
band to the overflowing Ritz crowd. During
his 45 minutes. Paris played a diverse set iri-
cluding :“l.et's Have A Party." his current
single; a "Hideaway" jam; “Don't Hide Your
Love." and "Wolf in Sheep's Clothes." off
Johnny Winter's Raising Cain; and
“Rockabilly Boogie." by the Johnny
Burnette Trio. Two sax players joined Paris
towards the sets end and played some tasty
soul and R & B tunes.

After only a 20 minute break. George
Tliorogood and the Delaware Destroyers
comprised of: Billy “The Bruiser" Blougli on
bass. Jeff "One Cymbal" Simon on drums.
and Hank “Hurricane” Carter on sax. storm-
ed the stage and launched into “House of
Blue Lights." by Chuck Berry. Thorogood
was up for this show. his first at the Ritz. and

 

 

 

kept the band iti overdrive r'ight limit the
start. From his last album. More. he lunged
into “Kids From Philly." it fifties instrumen»
tal. and Willie l)ixotr's."l‘rn Wanted." a real
surprise

"i'm wanted by the men for the damage I
done.
wanted by the Women "cause i'm so rntich
fun.
l'rn wanted by the boys want me to be their
teacher.
l'm wanted by the girls thrrrkiri‘ of their
preacher "

Country-Western fairs got their fill with
"Dirty Old Egg Suckiri' Dog" rrito Johnny
Cash's. "Cocaine Blues " John Lee
Hooker's legendary. "One liourbon. One
Scotch. One l3eer."(“l checked into a Sun-
day night jamboret: and hooti-rrarrtiy at the
Ritz"). was next. .

“You call that dancing?" commented
Thorogood after asking where the dance
floor is tonight. One could hardly move
under the sardine-packed conditions. but we
tried our best when George banged out a
ladies choice. Chuck Berry's. "it Wasn't

 

 

Me." “Bottom of the Sea." by Muddy
Waters. and “Night Time." both from More.
and botlr rarely performed. were indeed very
pleasant surprises as Thorogood took firm
command of his audience. Replacing his
white Gibson with his red one. used (or slide.
Tlrorogood (lid rim-mug renditions of
Elmore James' "Madison Blues." and "New
Hawaiian Boogie " l’le slowch the tempo
down for only two songs. yet another
Elmore Jar...'s tune. "The Sky is Crying.“
and Willie Dittort's. "That Snme Thing " The
title track off his second nlbprn. “Move it On
Over." by Hank Williams closed the set
After this display of gutsy raw. chopping
pure rock ‘n' roll. we wouldn't let Thr in rgonrl
slip away after one encore. He stayed on
following the first encore. Bo Diddley's
“Who Do You Love." and did another
Chuck Berry number."Reelin' and Rockin'

“Looked at my watch and it was almost one.
you gotta admit it folks. you're all liavin'
fun."

Tirorogood walked off stage and con-
tinued playing guitar. but within two rntnutes

he was duckwalking across stage towards the

 

microphone arriving just iti time to delrvvr
the final verse and chorus. After exiting n w
cond time. the band faithfully returned and
acknowledged the crowds overpowering ap
plause by granting a third encore. thc- frilittli
Chuck Berry tune of the show. "No l’rn
ticulai Place To Go."

Chuck Berry. Elmore .lrnnes. .lolirr l.t’l‘
Hooker. Willie Dixon. Muddy Watt-rs. rilitl
Hank Williams all rolled into one with the
stage presence of Eddie Cochran and t’ilt‘tili.‘
of a bulldozer comprises riry best definition r if
George Thorogood and his music liming
the past few years and tlrtve olbtrrrrs. ltl' has
brought 50's and oil's rock ‘rr' roll and blow
back to the public's attention while
establishing himself as tlll cscrqrtroriril
guitarist and per'foirrrvr'

“We're not really trrio wrrtrrrg any earth
shattering lyrics and. you know. coming up
With Some musical production that's gonna
drown West Side Story or sorrrethrng you
know. that's not our intent we just wanna
keep everybody's feet tappiri'."

After viewing 'i‘lrorogood's show Sunday
night. just keeping people's feet tapping cer-
tainly is an understatement. His performance
at the Ritz was the hottest i've ever seen. 0

.: ' “mini.- WW" .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 24. 1981
Hollywood Knights

Sound to” Vision

 

 

 

 

» (Page 

John Boorman And 'l'he Holy Grail

ohn Boorman doesn't photograph

images so much as he creates them

himself. This tendency was ob-
vrous In his film. The Heretic: The Exorcist
Pt. if. in which his most interesting scenes
were completely divorced from a realistic
mise en scene and took on the appearance
of pure fantasy.

Jim Dixon

ﬁxcaltbur. his most recent and most |n~
terestlng film. he may have found a milieu
which suits his propensity.

Dramatically. Excalibur is Boorman and
co'scrlpter Rospo Pallenberg's retelling of the
familiar Arthurian legend. based largely on
Malory's Le Morte D'Arthur. its roots are
very much the Arthurian romances of the
fourteenth century. Visually. Boorrrrair has
done nothing less than create his own Dark
Ages. where “the land is divided. and
without a king."

Combining botii the Lady iii the Lake and
The Sword in the Stone versions of the
legend. the faer‘ie Lady in the Lake gives the
magical sword Excalibur to the sorceror
Merlin. who in turn gives it to Uthcr l’an
dragon. a feudal warlord whom Merlin is
helping to unite Britain.

Uther easily convinces his enemies. chiefly
a powerful Duke. to capliulatc. now invirrct‘
life with Excalibur in his hand. A truce is
reached. and their broken by Uthcr himself.
who with a reluctant Merliri's magic has
seduced Ygrainv. the Duke's wife Utlier lins
promised the issue of his illicit trnion with
Ygratrie to Merlin Arthur rs born. and soori
after Uther is assassinated. plunging lis~
calibur into a boulder before he dies.

This lengthy prologue forms the most iri-
tense part of Excalibur. due both to the situtr
tions in the script and liooirnan's treatment
of them. The sets are opulent and exotic. the
photography is dark and exciting. and both
the sex and violence have a primal power
that is frightening and exhilarating. Where
the filtn falters. if it does. is that Arthur's rise

Becky 3, Terrorists 0

 

to power ls handled in a manner that is too
story-bookish. The humor which occasional-
ly arises is a little jarring — the audience has
had no clue that this is a story with any com-
edy in it. (Merlin. played with unsettling ec-
centricity by Nicol Williamson. is frequently a
comic figure. as is Nigel Terry's Arthur in his

early scenes.)
in addition. much like the Arthurian
romances it seems based on. Excalibur
meanders all over the English countryside in
'Dv ‘. .' -

   

 

search of a plot. Thd Arthur Lancelot
(iuitiivere triangle is almost skimmed over.
nird with the exception of the exquisitely
photographed. lovc scene between Lancelot
and (iuitrivvie. and n hallucinatory spiritual
experience in which Lancelot is attacked by
his own illllltil'. this isn't the rrrost llilt'ttf‘vlillgl
stuff lit the filrri The film seems to rediscover
itself when Arthur's half sister Morgana. a
sorceress. and partially trained by Merlin
liirrrself. decides to bring about Arthur's
downfall

lixcolilntr is a inovrc- about cycles. and the
downfall of Camelot is as important as its
rise Artiiur is a great king as a young man.
bill as (In old one. is weak and uncertain
The most impressive acting iii the filirr comes
iroiir Nigel Terry. who as Arthur. is as

Excalibur is dlrecor John Boorman'a 

believable as a naive and unsure bumpktn.
as he is as a king. and as an old man. Order-
ing his best knights to find the Holy Grail.
believing it to be a talisman. he seems pain-
fully weak and senile. And yet at the bloody
climax to both the film and his reign. be Is the
king of the legends.~strong. immutable.

The problem is that the search for the
grail. and the devastating havoc the kingdom
has plunged into comes suddenly — a

metaphor. for the cuckolded Arthur's inability

  

per-anal vision of Camelot.

to rule. Boorman can probably be forgiven
this -- the At'tliuriarr romances serving as his
models would have done the satire thing

The diversity of visual styles evidenced ill
ffx'crrir‘irrtr is interesting. Mlli'll of it is .
pastoral green. a look Boorman achieved by
shooting in the forests of lrelarid. putting
green gels over his lights. The greens
become more muted. turning gray and
brown dtriirtg the search for the grail. (Much
of this is seen through the eyes of Percival.
one of Arthur's most loyal Knights). Thi
horror fillll  almost rcvcltrrg in the on e
of Mor'grmn's evil

And then there's the clrrriax. one of the
most ltiil‘tl‘essivr' (itillcrdoirrrrruroirgs ever
put on film. Boorman deliberately gives this
a strong look of fantasy The apparently

is a
sses

 

  
    
 
     

haphazard array of swords. spears'. and
bodies on the ground are carefully
haphazard. The blood-red sun is too high to
be as red as it is. Arthur's bastard son by
Morgana. Mordred. wears tight-fitting gold
armor that never existed in any culture. And
Arthur's deliberately heroic stance as he
almost casually impales Mordred with Ex-
calibur with a spear through him is the stuff
that legends are made of. but not real war.

The lighting of the sequence is a golden-
orange — Twilight of the Gods. When Ex-
calibur is thrown back to the Lady In the
Lake. and Arthur ls taken off to Avalon. We
are left waiting for a king to appear -— where
we started.

All this is but a warning that this is not
representative of the "Sword and Sorcery"
films that are supposedly going to be all the
rage. There's substance in this. and much of
it is not explicated except by the visual text.
People don't always talk about what's hap-
pening to them or their land. (Which at least
is clear is the same as Arthur. He is the land).

Excalibur succeeds in recreating visually a

. type of literature the mass audience hasn't

read. and in doing so in a palatable way. The
violence of both filtn and literary genre is
strong  even stirnmclr-wrenching. Aims
are backed off in front of the camera — birds ‘
peck the eyes out of corpses. It all seems to
fit iii a Dark Age that never existed..Boor-
man has created his own Middle liartli. The
tlllllitl is too late for what should be seventh
century Britain. Things are chosen for their
look. and how they fit Boorman's concept.
not history.

Ironically. it takes the highest technology
of tlrcI filtii industry to make the castles out of
paintings. to make a horse ride on top of
mist. to disrncinber a man believably. The
real rirrigic of the lilrrr rs that we believu what
\Vl' hl'l'

In this way. because it all fits the concept
of illit' man. [Excalibur rs a unified and cori-
sistunt filiir. A whole world —- a whole en-
vironment exists on the screen. and what a
World it is. ‘

S allone Plays Cops And Robbers

ltet' a series of failures such as
F.l.S.T.. Sylvester Stallone has
again surfaced iii a "tough giry"

role. this time in Nighthawks What saves
this film is that Stallone didn't try to direct it.
Bruce Malmuth (lid and he turned
Nighthawks into an attractive. solid tWo
hours of action.

Jack Nuthall

Part of the reason I was drawn to
Nighthawks was the competence of the
movie. Almost everything was believable;
everything except the story. that is. Loirdoit
and Paris both had that exotic. misty look
Americans believe all European cities have.
The Bronx unfortunately looked very muclt
like the Bronx. And the people. well. except
for the cops Stallone and Williams played.
lhey looked like who they were supposed to
be. This is especially titriv of Rutger' i'lauer
who played the ruthless terrorist Wulfgar. He
looked like a "Wulfgar" — lean. cold. in
telligent — the type of man who flirts with a
girl before blowing her ur‘

The unrealistic element clearly was the
script. Besides having the trashy. moronic
dialogue such action films are famous for.
the movie's plot was more comic book than
drama. Nighthawks is the Dirty Harry style
story of an international terrorist who sets out
it) prove his invulnerability to the World in
terpol follows him to NYC. and sets up an
antl‘terrorist attack corp known as A.T.AC.
(Get it? Like in "attack?") They enlist two
NYPD cops. DeSllva (Sylvester Stallone)
and Fox (Billy Dee Williatns). who had been
Working decoy assignments. The remainder
0f the film consisted of A.T.A C's attempts
to kill or capture Wulfgar as ire shoots and
bombs his way around New York. First of all.

 

liind the formation of A T AC hard to ac-
cept. We already have trnrnvd anti terrorist
groups and SWAT teams in most cities. and
the job of handling tl nit-trace like Wulfgar
would fall to them that is if there could
ever be a "Wtrllgar " The character l'lauer
plays is simply too L'lt'Vt‘t. too powerful. and
too efficient to function iii this world In one
scene he even escapes after holding over
tWenty hostages in a tram over the East River
despite the hundreds of police waiting for
him

Besides being
heuvyharrded It is repeated over and over
that DeSilva is gorirg to lravv to "take the
shot" (shoot Wulfgar while innocent people
stand in the way) it is made very clear that
this event will he the main crisis of the lilrrr
By hallway throuin thc- ilitiVll’. most people
in the audience had invented about a bun-

unrealistic. the plot is

dred various scenarios of how that final
scene would go down I must admit that to
some degree that plotting did function to add
a dimension to the l'litlllibl (which I Won't
reveal). but iii this case the ending just
doesn't justify the means

The acting‘.J it was adequate No one was
brilliant. but most were functional 1 had
Some problems believing Stallone and
Williams were City cops. but they both car-
rled off the roles of anti-terrorist killers effec‘
tively enough. The only performance that
detracted from the film was that of Lindsay
Wagner as DeStlva‘s ewiife. She could
have been replaced by a mannequin —— or a
piece of furniture for that matter — and not
have been missed.

Despite the faults I did enjoy Nighthawks.
As an action film it was high on tension and
moderate on violence. The viewer wasn't
forced to wallow in gore. in fact. several
times Wulfgar‘s murders were tastefully left

out and only alluded to later on. This is
Sorriething I respect. especially in light of lltL'
current market's demand for
blood.

Most of all i was struck with the repetition
of flashing lights. glitter. and swirling colors
The images of the several N.Y. disco's
shown were repeated iii the shots of the
skyline and bridges. pools of flashing police
car lights. and the interiors of chic clothes
shops. Even a section of the NY subway
which was closed for repairs had the ap-

he First

unci'astng

 

acknowledging the audience directly.

and dissolute as a person. is a comedy.

 

Press conference

lbany. believe it or not. now has something in common with Boston.

Philadelphia. and New Haven. Albany is now a preview city for a New York play.

Al Weiner. an Albany State professor of play writing. is about to seehis play.

The First Bare/oat Dancer produced off-Broadway. it‘s preview run will be May fifth
through May seventh at SUNYA's Performing Arts Center. . -

The First Bare/riot Dancer is a fictionalized account of the two last days In the life of

lsadora Duncan. the controversial American dancer. The play is a one-woman showcase

starring Suzanah Scher as Isadora. Unlike most onevperformer shows. Weiner and director

Peter Bennett told reporters. lsadora will not address theaudience. instead. she will speak

to herself. on the phone. iirto a dictaphone. and other devices to keep her from

This sets The First Bare/(rot Dancer apart from other one-man or woman plays like The
Belle of Amherst. Oscar Wilde in an Evening o/ Diuerslort and Delight. and Paul Robeson.
The First Bare/oat Dancer marks Welner's debut as a playwright. lntrigulngly. he says
that the play. which is set at the end of lsadora's life. when she was over the bill as an artist.

Asked if audiences would be likely to agree. Mr. Weiner said “i don't know."
Ms. Scher. who plays the part. was reticent on that point. Instead she said "it's an ac.

tress's dream. i'm getting to run the gamut." Asked by another reporter how she was

preparing to play the aging lsadora. she said "i'm smoking heavily. and Peter (Bennett) is
teaching me to drink martinis."
After its fIVe performance run. Tire First Barefoot Dancer will open at the Wonderhorse
hon

Theatre at 833 E. 4th St. In New York City on May 15th. . In D

pUilIdtitTL‘ of a disco stage with the mixture of
surrealistic blue work lights and cascades of
welding sparks. Again and again light and
color Combined to play up the unnatural
eeriness of modern society — in some ways
a fitting backdrop for a Wulfgar.

Nighthawks is by no means a great film.
but ' is it good action film. Despite the lack of
realism it held me captive for two hours.
blending the tension and the color/light
shows. i ask little more of film. .

Barefoot ”

 

 

 

 

 

 

