 

 

 

 

 

“you...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aap'ecto on Tuesday

 

April 7. 1981'

 

IPoge 6'

Almost four years ago i came up to SUNY
Albany for the first time. I wanted to see
what the University was like prior to my deci-
sion as to whether or not to enter as a
freshman. it was the first real spring day of
the year — clear sky. birds soaring. dry
green grass. and fifty people playing frtsbee
at the circle. Walking around the campus. I
saw many smiling faces; some people were
walking with beers and baseballs. This brief
orientation to an Albany student's life seem-
ed like a good dream to me: I couldn't wait
to be a part of it all. <

Many things changed since that day. l‘irst
of all. i realized why everyone was so happy
— it was April and the first day of beautiful
weather since October. 1 soon realized that
Albany's weather Would seldom be filled with
beautiful skies and warm. sunny days. ltliirtk
we all learned to adjust to this fact.
somewhat. as the years went oti. I became a
freshman. and discovered i wasn't as mature
as i always thought i was iit high school. The
furttty thing was that it didn't matter and 1 en-
joyed each and every one of those silly
moments: waterflghts. foodflghts. titrowttig a
suitemate into the shower while stealing botit

her clothes and her towels. and raiding the
guys' suite down the hall.

Sophomore year came and went. attd so
did junior year. for that ntatter. i had my ups
and downs. a photo book filled with
memories. enough acquaintances so that i
never had to eat a meal alone. a few good
and bad grades. three or four close friends.
and a hell of a lot of fun. i could be more
specific. but i think we can all remember
those special moments.

Then all of a sudden l was a senior. l'm
not really sure how it happened. Where did 1
get all of those credits? When did three years
“uh \n'to what seemed like months or days? _

m or named to dt

Iy as the leaves fell from the'trees. while the

snow drifted iii In early November,

Christmas vacation ended (altltougit ttot so

quickly) and l was back at SUNYA for my

last semester. “OH MY GOD_ t‘M

’GRADUATING lN FIVE MONTHS AND 1

CAN'T BELIEVE IT" was all I was hearing

myself say. Panic was artd still is all around

me.

When I WAS a junior i called it Senioritis.
although i think I've partially had it since
then — living lit a house with eight people
when you're the only juttior cart easily do it
to you. What is Senioritis? Well. We always
thought it to be the total lack of motivation to
do any work because. what the hell — when
you're graduating ln four or five months.
school work is no longer important. But [his
year l found out that this feeling of not caring
about doing work was only one part of the
many feelings a senior has.

All of a sudden i found myself faced with a
problem — what ant lgoing to do next year?
And where will i be.7 Waiting to ltear front~

(jary  Langto

Sometimes i wonder about television
commercials. i guess 1 consider myself, on
the average. just plain average: but after
listening to advertisements on TV. l
sometimes wonder. Commercials seem to
bother me most'when I go to the grocery
store to do my weekly shopping.

Even as l enter the store. i can't help
wondering who is lurking behind the meat
counter. camouﬂaged behind the melon
display or disguised as an average customer.
waiting to ask me my opinion. Strolling
down the meat aisle (1 stroll because i really
can't afford any of it — l guess it can‘t hurt
dreaming. though) 1 keep a watchful eye out
for Pete the Butcher. I really don't know
why. because the store i go to doesn‘t seem
to have anyone behind the counter, let alone
a Pete; besides. the Shaken-Bake is on the
other side of the store. i guess 1 really don't
understand how Pete is still in business.
There never seems to be anyone to the store
-— just Pete and some housewife. He doesn't

sen ' "1i;

‘3. .
the various law schools i applied to. | ruslt
home frorn campus every day. praying for
an acceptance in the mall — only to fittd the
phone bill aitd various letters addressed to
"Occupant." i now understand the agony
my brother went through arid why he lost a
little color every time one of our many
relatives asked him the question: What are
you going to do after you have graduated
college? i guess l'm luckier than he: at least I
ltave an answer for the first question — “l'm
going to law school." The lump iit my throat
develops as soon as they say. “0b. where?"

Of course. there were days when these
thoughts were pushed to the back of my

gum" a. qulck- ‘I’I\\l\d. but on a bad day i would be depress-

ed. angry. confused. attd feeling sorry for
myself. i would look at friends‘ situations and
get jealous thinking they didn't have these
problems. My closest friend ls getting mar-
ried rigltt after graduation arid l envied her
because she knew that her future was set.
Finally. realizing she had just as many wor~
ties as i did — planning a wedding.
graduating. looking for a place to live. and
finding employment — l was glad i was
postponing my jump into IlIL’ real World
by adding on another llIIt.‘t.‘ years of school.

Talking to other seniors is a big help
because you know you're not alone. Bump-
iitg into someone on campus that you
haven't seen in a while usually leads to a
conversation like this:

“Hi. ltow are you? What have you been
doing lately? i haven't seen you around."

“Yeah. well l'm not on campus much. l'm

only taking ten credits."
'Sounds great! What are you doing next
year?"

seem too busy because he spends‘an awful
lot of titite talking about tertder meat; he
even cooks one pork chop with Shake-n-
Bake aitd another one without. i guess Pete
bothers me because if he did that demonstra-
tion to all his customers. he would be out of
business: after all. who pays for those chops?

Moving down the paper aisle. 1 look for
those same four housewives who are always
squeezing the Charmin. i really don't expect
to see Mr. Whipple; I picture a reasonable
facsimile of him storming down the aisle to
pluck the rolls of toilet paper from each of
the housewives' hands. [don't buy Charmin.
so before 1 pick up the bargain brand. I look
over my shoulder for an evil glare from the
store manager. After reassuring myself no
one is watching. 1 throw the rolls into my
basket —— just so i cart never be accused of in-
tentionally molesting a toll of toilet paper.

I try my besr to avoid the cereal aisle. i've
seen enough of those commercials with pink
elephants. shooting cowboys. roaring tigers.

    

"Going to law school.

"Where?"

“i wish i knew. l'm still waiting to hear

from my top twu choices. l run home everyI

day to check the mall: it‘s driving me crazy-
How ‘bout you?"

“i got into the grad school i wanted to 90
to. Now i have to find people to live with and
an apartment. I don't even know anyone go-
ing to that school. 1 have to put my name on
a “st and pray someone. will contact me

about living together."

"That sounds like fun. i suppose l'll be do-
ing the same soon. ljust wish i knew what cl-
ty. or state. l'll be living in."

“Yeah. at least 1 know where I'll be. Hey.

good luck! it was nice running into ya."

"You too. Bye."

Every once in a while a friend will throw in
the million dollar question. "Are you sure
this is what you want?" My heartbeat and
pulse rate quicken. l bite my nails and then
reply all in one breath:

“I think so. l've wanted this all my life. i
hope so. l don't know. Yes."

We all have to face the fact that our lives
will change next year. We cart no longer
sleep 'til 12:30 or even 11:30 anymore —
not even oit the weekends. it's no wortder
we've put on so muclt weight aitd broken
out in hives this semester. These constructive
things we've been doing —- eating. biting our
nails and cuticles. staring at the walls. sitting
up all night. and getting drunk. are merely
ways in which we try to combat our itervous
energy.

Plnpointing the main prohietn. i would
have to say it is the feeling that you ltave to
start over — a very frightening realization! it's
hard to leave the security we‘ve found here

l'ust Plain Aver

ghastly ghosts and talking bears to want to
venture there. l think l must be outgrowittg
cereal. anyway — eggs and bacon really gets
me going in the morning

That last aisle is the one i really dread go‘
ing down. Unlike the cereal aisle. l often
have to go down the detergent and cleaner
aisle. Sometimes i think I'll enter that lane
and be stuck lit there forever. i sometimes
have nightmares in which i spend endless
hours washing dishes or something and
pretending i don't know there's a hidden
camera filming me. i never say the right
thing. and the tester doesn't let me go until
lve cleaned what amounts to a week‘s worth
of a small town's dishes and floors. And i
don't even like to clean.

I can never bring myself to buy Ajax. That
white tornado might be under control In the
commercial. but do you know how muclt
damage It could do in my kitchen if it ever
lost control? 0t Mr. Clean. 1 really enjoy my

'a't SUNYA behind us. All of the friends that
you've made here will also be moving on
You can no longer rely on them to he Wm.
you for support when you run into your ex.
boyfriend and he's with his new girlfriend
Who do you turn to when you receive bad
news. or good for that matter? How can you
hug your roommate or apnllttlt’lilttlnlt.‘ it
they're 500 miles away?

We all hope that we'll keep in lttltt it With
our buddies. Remember the night.  m.
together in our suites or living room. m“!
talked and laugl'ied'tilfour a tit " Don‘t litttivt
all the times we went out all night \ivtttiliiii;
at every student bar. coming homo (.13....
they closed. making pancakes ltrt inlaid...
at dawn. and then wukv up for tin“... 
didn't. We all tell ourselves ll)t,‘It‘ .. v. H.
we'll lose touch with one rilit tllii'l 1 t
house with my seven Climrst rot
—« knowing l want to keep tit.

  
 

them all. scares me: i think of inn-  .- .-..
high school friends i still spifttl. it. it‘ i i. vi,
After a few months of trying I t p .i w . ..

feelings aside iti order to canto-w. tin 
more positive thinking. i how it.'iil‘..’i"l iliri'
this is impossible. Everything 1 ilt titlL‘l'
centers around my fears and iimu iiiiittu
about my future. lthought that when l lililslt-
ed writing this. I would have the till\\‘.'t’l (1.
my problem. but i don't. There is no \iIlIt'
tion; not just yet anyway.

Last weekend i left Albany — partly to ge:
away from school for a while. but manly to
give my thoughts about my future it \TiL‘iI-
tion. it didn't work - not for me not foi mi
five friends who were with me. We spt-nt lltt.’
entire weekend looking at schools ripari-
ments. and speaking to people who had
graduated a year ago. Although i had fun
this past semester. I didn't manage to forget
about my worries for a minute. When [came
home. l broke down and cried in ttm ‘ll my
friends' arms. One of them looked .tt me and
said. "What's wrong?"

“I got rejected from one of the sclioolsi
want to go to and now l'm scared l ttoii't get
Into any of the schools 1 want.“

She had no answer for me. but i left lit’iiUI
after telling her about my fears Tin-ii slid
looked at me and said. “Don't or to liitlt‘
your feelings and pretend ytiu'tt' w {id
damned together when you're not We‘re
your friends —— lean on us." And then e [ill
cried. i felt such relief because i knelt. it!» .‘II
have to pretend to be strong all the time i
was scared. feeling inferior. and doubting III'.
abilities to make It as a lawyer — a \'t.’i\.‘ toni-
mon phenomenon. Then the moment paw
ed and once again I knew inn school tt.i~
right for me. l'm still not sure where I'm «it.»
“19- Who l'll be living with. or when I'll m- all
of my friends again once we giritliltiit.’ l‘ill I
do know l'm ttot alone. l have in. utiwlv‘
future ahead of me. So do you lglit'\~ furl
Why they call it Commencement M t iti-
gratulations and good luck. we lii‘t‘il .t 0

 

Plivacy: l won't have anyone standing in my
kttclten glaring at me. whom i tlltllt" llI\ili’
Tidy Bowl? 1 get Worried that that lIiilL‘ man's
boat fit my toilet will cripsi/e. Coltsitni llil’
Tidy Bowl man to drown I really can't .iffoiil
a lawsuit right now.

No matter what I buy. 1 always lL'tttl ilti'
label first to see what it will do I newt sec
Phil the Grocer bending over .i box of Fun-
tustlk. eager to tell me what to do with my
bottle of that product. fit my supertntitkt'i.
there isn't even some guy with funny iiiiikittti
test tubes ready to show me a penny's wtitilt
of Ivory and a penny's worth of the lltllljtllll
brand. 1 don't wash as many dishes as on lltt’
commercial. so i buy the bargain littttltl
anyway.

I guess my supermarket just isn't like all
those across the rest of the country. i even
tried Coast Deodorant Soap — it really
wasn't an eye opener. It just made my evils
Water. I think that's wity TV commerciiib
bother me. "

  

 

lAprll 7. 1981

Aspects on Tuesday

 

Page 7]

A Long Day’s Journey Into Music

omorrow afternoon. from one 'til

five. the music department of

SUNYA is sponsoring a Music
Open House and Talent Search. The open
house Is an attempt on the part of the music
department to get non-music majors. who
enjoy music. involved in the department.

DiarmUid Quinn

 

The open house is being organized by
Professor Findlay Cockrell. who seems to
think that many students don't know the full
potential of tiie music department's pro-
grams. He feels that many students don't
realize that the courses and lessons offered
by the department (In: not strictly for triajors.
and that the development and success of the
tnusic students and stuff is dependent upon
all students of the university. The open-
ltouse is being put together for the expressed
purpose of bringing In any students llitil have
interests in the music. Cockrell says that he
hopes those who come will look into the dif‘
ferent areas in the department, The event
has been constructed to show off what is of-
feted to students lit the way of performance
opportunities and course ability before pre-
registration.

On Wednesday afternoon tliere will be a

Sweeping Eiaws

number of activity tables with handouts.
sign-ups for auditions. and departmental
representatives from Orchestra. Choruses.
Jan Ensemble. Percussion Ensemble. Com-
position. Electronic Music. Chamber
Ensembles. Music Council. Arts Manage-
ment. Lessons. Band. and all Music Major

1

   

Findlay Cockrell organlzeo a
mullcal open house It the PAC.
Curriculums. The feature attraction.
ltowever. will be the Maratltott Concert that
will go on all afternoon. Tlte Concert will
boast performances by two jail bands. twrr
faculty ensembles. several student
ensembles. the University Singers. aitd a
number of various other performances.
One of the highlights of the concert will
undoubtedly be the jam portion. Prof.
Cockrell and Prof. lrvin Gilman will perform
a lit/.1 suite for flute and piano. with bass and

 

[drums accotttpanylng them. Two area pro-
fessionals will accompany the Instructors on
the piece written by Claude Bolling. in addi-
tion to that performance. two other jazz
groups will be performing. Ray Rettig.
another faculty member. will be accom-
panied by a small combo on a few numbers.
and an appearance will also be made by a
Jan band put together by one of the depart-
ment's students. The school’s Jazz Ensem-
ble. although riot performing during the
marathon concert. will be sliarlttg the stage
at 8:00 p.tn. -— the same evening with the
University Symphonic Band. The Sym-
phonic Band will also hold art open rehearsal
at 4: 15 Wednesday afternoon as part of the
open house as well as preparation for the
concert.

The electronic music portion of the
department will also he represented during
the afternoon with a few demonstrations and
open discussion available with people in-
volved in SUNYA's electronic music studios.
which are said to be among the very best in
the United States.

The whole idea of an Open l’et'lutmtince
suclt as this is not a completely ttew one. AC-
cording to Prof. Cockrell. a Sltitllfii' perfor-
mance designed to draw students iii to see
the department was put on three or four
years ago. bttt titere‘was really no informa-

tion and sign-up like there will be this time.
Cockrell hopes the organization that is going
Into this year’s will make it more productive
in the long run. when it comes down to
keeping students interested in the depart-
ment and finding new talent.

Cockrell is an instructor in music theory
and piano. among other things. and has
been involved in many outside endeavors.
Among the more notable are the occasions
upon which he has been asked by the
Albany Symphony Orchestra to play concer-
'tos as the featured soloist. Cockrell Is not a
member of the Orchestra. but a number of
faculty members are. Prof. Glllman. James
Morris and Randy Ellis are all full time
members of the faculty and members of the
Albany Symphony Orchestra. There are also
a few part Iitne faculty members and
students of the department also represented
lit the violin. bass. and cello sections.
SUNYA's music department is not strictly
confined to cantpus related material. and
Prof. Cockrell says that arty cotnrnunity
ttieittbers ate welcome to come on Wednes-
day. But lil.’ also says. "i hope there's such a
titoli of students that there won't be any
room fot anyone else." Given tlte lineup for
the Mtlltllllilll Concert. it should be worth
the trip over to the PAC for anyone In<
turestetl in music. .

Eyewitness Almost A Must-See

yewttness Is a tnovie which suc-
6 ceeds marvelously at one level.
and Would be splendid if that were
the level the audiettces were going to see.
This is a cltrortic problem with movie
advertising. which lately has been apparently
unable to aim itself at the right audience for a
movie.

Jim Dixon

Eyewitness looks like a suspense thriller.
and lit fact has some very good individual
suspense and action sequences. hardly art
anomaly. directed as it is by Peter Yates. of
Bullitt and The Deep fame. But Eyewitness
was written by Steve Tesich. who wrote last
year‘s Academy Award winning screenplay
Breaking Away (which was, by the way. also
directed by Yates).

 

Testclt has a great sense of premise. and ii
fantastic ability for character. But ntystery is
not his forte. In Eyewitness. a youitg Viet-
nam vet. working as a night janitor lit a New
York office building. accidently stumbles
across the body of is murdered Vietnamese
businessman. The janitor decides to keep it
to himself. as the dead man is known to he
hated by American vets. aitd lte fears of
becoming a suspect himself. But when lie
sees the story being covered by a
newswnman he's infatuated with. puppy
love gets the better of him. arid he alludes to
some knowledge of the crime to gain her at»

.tention.

William Hurt. the dynamic star of Altered
States. plays the janitor. and Sigourney
Weaver of Alien. the newswontan. The
chemistry between these two is retttarkable.

' spurred by Tesiclt's dialogue arid Yates' sett-

sitlve direction. 'l‘esicli modeled the part of

Midsum eri Ea ys'ipung'

mA Ila

j‘ihc Empire State Youth Theatre '
opened A Midsuittiiier Night's
Dream Saturday evening ill the
Egg. The play is one of Shakespeare's hap-
piest romps. ﬁnd the Youth Theatre does it
competent. although uneven. job of it.

Lawrence Kinsman

A Midsummer Night's Dream is not lotig.
as Shakespearian comedies go. but even so.
this productiort's first half seems interminable
because of inconsistent acting and pacing. Of
course. the first act introduces us to many
characters and their sundry inter-
relationships: this set up is essential. if we are
to be amused by the shifts itt affection.
However. when Gary 0. Aldrich emerges in
-the first scene as Theseus. accompanied by
his bride—to—be Hippolyta (played by Carole
B. Smith). we are reminded of the tttlflest
high school productions we were all once
forced to sit through. One cannot stand
there reciting Shakespeare as if he were
sacred: his words. like any other
playwrigitt's. need the breath of real life. One
wishes Miss Smith would whip a lipstick out

of her garter belt — do something. to bring
alive a real character. The plays comic
potential is not successfully exploited urittl
the unraveling begins. until We see what hap-

 

pens to Lysatider and Demetrius itt llIt’
wood.

The four actors playing the confused
young lovers. get off to art unsure start. They
are. at first. as still as Aldrich and Smith. but
they have the chance to loosen up. Helena
Binder makes a prissy Helena who is entirely
suspicious of her good fortune. Carolyn
Marble-Valerttis makes a delightfully
boisterous and independent-minded Her—
mla. The two women are especially good in
the scenes wherein they have a go at each
other. Ed Plog is the slightly stuffy Demetrius
and Matt Penn is the reckless Lysander. The
play has some of its livelier moments when
the action focuses on these four as they fran-
tically try to pair off. .

Tom Pletto. effective as Puck. leaps and
springs about the stage with wonderful
energy. The unsettling thing about Pletto Is
that his sharp features. combined with a cur-
ly red wig (red is frequently associated with
the Dionysian). make hint look more like it
satyr than a sprite. The pleasure he takes to
practicing his magic is a bit demonic. 'lliis
edge to Pletto's performance implies 0 lack
of innocence l'm not certain Puck is meant to

have.

One of Stuart Wurtzel's idyllic sets con-
tains a platform that functions as a kind of
tree house: it provides an elevated place
from which characters may speak. or

PPY 39"“?

the janitor oit some of his own experiences.
resulting in an tin-screen experience the no
diettce can believe. (Tesiclt admits that while
working its a night janitor lie was ntadly iii-
Itittitiled with Leslie Sirtltl Illld linttoslnurl
ttll~ll|5 c-itttttttttiitg air witiiusstttu tt critttu lll
order It! be interviewed by her). The liltn
it «its on this level.

But audiences aren't going to be looking
for that. They're going to be looking for ac-
tioti. thrills. chills arid stuff like that. And the
question they're likely to ask of a critic is
whether or itot they'll get it. The answer is
yes. to a point. But the mystery intrudes on
the love story. rather than complement it.
and the whole suspense angle scents too
contrived to work as strongly as the violent
conclusion would demand. it's not that off-
beat love stories and suspense thrillers are
mutually exclusive of each other. You'll flrid
tiietn iii several Hitchcock films. But the two

observe the action. The rough steps leading
up to the platfortti are very steep. itiitl they
pose a particular problem for Ricliortl A.
Walsh. who makes a rather heavy-footed
Oberon. Walsh climbs and descends Willi for
too much caution fora King of the Faeries.
His lack of agility is titagnified by the grace of
others who tear up and down that tree like
acrobats. A Midsummer Night's Dream is a
play of rollicking motion; the director.
Gerard E. Moses. obviously knows this. as
evidenced by Parnara Perry Leach's exten-
sive choreography for the Faery court.
Oberon. however. moves like a wltale
among dolphins. And he's not the only one.
Every member of the cast who Is without

   
 

Puck (1') plays come mlochlol lnA
Midsummer Night's Dream.

 

elements of a story like this have to be in-

tegrated better than they are. Eyewitness
does not easily make the transition.

Still. Eyewitness Is a handsome. engaging
movie. And its flaws are ounrlookablu. The
photography. with Ila deep colurl and.mov-
ing camera is impressive — the editing is
crisp. The movie is never dull. Just a little
schizoid. .Yates even tndulges in a little self-
parndy. which is perhaps designed for the
obsessive film buff. Two cops. Investigating
the murder. contemplate cltaslng a
motorcycle-mounted suspect. but can't
because they're about out of gas. Yates. and
some of his audience. have to laugh.
because up to that instant. all any of us could
think of was "Here comes the car chase ——
just like Bulfitt."

For what It's Worth. Eyewitness seldom

.riL’l‘u just like suspected.

And if it isn't perfect. “'5 still awfully good. .

At The Egg

dance trtitiittig sticks out like it sore thumb.

The play. in spite of its tigltt plot. is meant
to leave us with the pleasantly dizzy sense
“till we have dreamt it. it reminds us over
and over that facts are not as solid as we
would have them. that reality — even as we
agree on it —— remains subjective. And. of
course. anything can happen In a dream.
The costume designer. Patricia von
.Brandenstein. has made the most of her
freedom here. Her work is brash and color-
ful. even If it has nothing about it resembling
classical Greece. The costumes suggest eigh-
teenth century England more. in fact. which
is just as well. since Binder and Valentis
make the most of their long skirts and wide-
brintmed hats. And the fabrics have all the
brilliantly varied color they would have In a
child's fantasy.

The real explosion — which. by Intermis-
sion. we are convinced will never come -—
occtirs when Peter Quince and his boys do
the play within a play. Joel Aroeste and
John Thomas McGuire are hilarious as the
peasants playing tragic lovers. They race
through their litres like seventh graders. eyes
dancing nervously over the audience. inter-
mission makes a turning point: the farcical
forte. which Moses clearly wanted from the
start. gets into full swing. and we are swept
away by the living language of the master
Elizabethan." i.

 

 

 

