   

 

;
i
i
l

 

l
i
i
.3
g
4'
i
a.
i
i
r
.
i
i

 

 

 

44,

Aopoaf'otd

The burning of books, any books. is the
he block, as is the demon rock 'n' roll. (Well

d you knew it couldn't last forever.) On one

sort of event we rightly associate with t
'Third Reich., Books are not banne

anymore..They are not conﬁscated. People
can read what they like — their thoughts
are their own. The First Amendment pro-

tects us from prohibition from‘every state- .
“Firel” in a crowded burning books, records and other offensive

mettt but yelling
I theatre.

But America is in a state of rediscovering
lost morality. and Americans, in the spirit

of mom. apple pie. Norman Rockwell and
Jesus, have in fact burned hooks. Perhaps
the zealots, who are remarkable un-self-
conscious in their enthusiasm, would be
shocked to know it; but I can't look at netvs
footage of a young blond man, standing
near a mound of burning books, holding a
Bible over his head and shouting, “Jesus is
Lord," and not be chilled by recollections
of Hitler. ’

But this is no evil fantasy. This has
already happened in the United States
within the past couple of weeks.

Legally. there’s nothing to stop someone
from burning a book they've bought. it
seems to me, a writer. that it is a grotesque

and stupid waste. But if someone wants to
do it, ﬁne. it's their right in this ir’cecoun-
try. Unfortunately. it looks as though the
new American crusaders for morality won't
stop there.
A number of groups often spearheaded,
the Moral Majority, are protesting the
prescncc of many books on library shelves.
to some cases; citizens have illegally remov-
ed certain books from the shelves of school
“Manhunt: controvcrttlnl books run qultc
an impressive gamut of diversity. Writers‘
whose works are being considered offensive
include Sidney Sltcldon. Harold Robbins.
Cltarlcs Dickens, and William Shakespeare.
According to NBC. one book being pro-
tested in otte town is "The Diary ()f/llllll‘
Frank. " Anmhcr is Webster's Dictionary.

A book is a precious tlting. "As well kill
a man as kill a good book," Joittt Milton
said. Hi go a step furlltcr. even a bad book
should not be killed.

Maybe I‘m over—reacting. llut ltow cart
anyone be so self-righteous as take it upon
themselves to repress and destroy the words
and thoughts of any man or woman who
took I... titne to write lltcm down? How
does anyone have the unflagging self-
confidcncc to say. “This book is immoral.
and no one should read it?"

it isn't just pornography. though cvon go-

ittg after tltat is bad enough in a free court-

Mom,’ Apple Ple‘ and Jesus:

Jlm Dixon

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W

. I. ‘ I‘ I
Book Bonfire
try. "Catcher In the Rye" is back on the

network news story, a young Christian
rhetoricaily asked what the devil worked
through if not dirty books and rock music.

But a new wrinkle has appeared. Beyond

material, beyond actively campaigning to
bar certain ‘books from public ' library
shelves, concerned taxpayersTIn one town
have petitioned for access to library circula-
tion ﬁles, so far unsuccessfully.
While it remains to be-seen what action
morality crusaders might take against so-
meone who’d read the wrong book, just the
idea that people would insist on knowing is
a little searcy. lt smacks a trifle too much of
the "thought police." Soon we'll have the
House Un-American Activities Committee
asking. “Are you now. or have you ever»
been a member of lite Book-0f ~Ihe-
Martin-Club?" '
it would be appealing to dismiss these
people as harmless nuts and to think that no
one is going to take them seriously. Forget

 

State of Incomplete

To the Editor:

in examining the spring semester'calcn-
dar it has been brought to my attention (as
an occasional over ambitious student) that
there existed only a week and a half tn
which any grades of incomplete must ﬁnally
become completed. I

This cutoff date is immensely useful in
allowing both students and professors ‘a
reasonably extended period of time tn
which students may competently ﬁnish up
the requirements of the previous semester’s
courses without too much interference in
the present semester’s concerns. However,
we know that the human experience is often
unpredictable and beyond anyonc’s con-
trol. There are and always will be excep-
tions to any rule.

lncomplctcs occasionally cannot be
ﬁnished within the given period of time
because of various circumstances. l have
been very fortunate at this university in that
We worked with professors who feel that
people and their overall educational ex-
periences are far more important than the
impersonal bureaucratic policy wltich
demands that grades be spit out promptly
on the designated dates.

i realize that there are people who will
take advantage of any leniency shown to

 

about them, ignore them, and they’ll go
away. We are in the middle of a conscr-
vativc'backlash. after all. People have a
clean-cut cowboy image of Ronald Reagan,
and the Moral Majority somehow seems to
ﬁt in the same mold. Christianity and
Americanism have a long history of going
together. The worrisome thing is that all of
this mlght,indeed look harmless to a great
many people.

Fortunately, tthcl'tmay be galvanized as

a result of all this. People will stand up and ,

say that this is wrong. Erica Jong (whose
works are sure to end up on the bonfires
with Salinger if they haven't already) has
predicted a great new countercultttrc.
Something this country is in dire need of.
Anti tltc best way to figltt the likes of the
Moral Majority is to give titcm an object
lesson irt tltc ttnforsccn potentials of their
owtt proposals. As conspicuous as the list
of books they want banned is the list of
books tltcy haven't rttentioncd. One comes
to mind. suprisingly ttrtmcntioncd, which
features incest. adultery, fornication, anti
large quunlilics of graphic violence; just the
sort of offensive subject matter that one
would tltirtk tltc Moral Majority and its like
would find offensive. That book is the Bi-
ble, his one oftlte most accessible books in
Amcrtca. and it‘s often sold, evett given to
chtldrcn. Protest by writing your con-
gressman atttl your local librarians.

them, but there are people who really care
about their education and want to do their
best as well. Those people should not be
denied the time it may take them to com-
plete their work because of someone elsc’s
abuses.
Professors and students should be allow-
ed to work out the details of the course's
completion between themselves with a con-
sideration for the other person’s conve-
nience and current obligations.

lncomplctcs are difficult enough to take
in the first place without the added panic
and worry involved in missing a ﬁnal
deadline. it is necessary to get incomplctcs
done as quickly as possible, but it is just as
necessary to maintain onc’s dignity and
sanity as well.

—-Namc Wltltlteld Upon Request

Work Ethic

To the Editor:

Last Tuesday, students organized to pro-
test _tlte proposed tuition increase. A rally
began in front of the campus center at il:00
am. and tltcn marchcd around the podium
at approximately ll:30. i chose not to at.
tend tltc rally and decided to attend class in-
stead wlterc important material was being
given for an exam. I was bollt surprised and
disappointed when students who were

 

 

 

“protesting” begun battgittg on my

   

classroom door, opening it, and chanting,
"Out of the classroom, into the streets,H
like a group of ill-advised children.

, Students have every right to demonstrate
for whatever they want; but why must they
disrupt the rights of other students like
myself who chose to sit in class and work?
Friends of mine were in the middle of an ex-
am during the. horscplay and were
understandably upset over the distraction. i
ask these students who participated in the
charadc — who exactly are you angry at,
these students who stayed in class or at
Governor Carey for his tution hikes?
You're ﬁghting for an affordable education
and for this i applaud you. but please — Icl
those who wish to facilitate their education
(even if it may go up $150 next semester) to
do so irt peace and without irritation.

— Name Withheld Upon Request

Loy‘al Forever

To the Editor:

A certain group of students on this Cllltl-
pus would like for a minute to break from
discussions of Mayfcst problems, tuitiott in
creases, and student apathy, and speak tor
a moment of a far more important issttc:
the opening of the baseball season.

As any real fan of America's favorite
pasttimc knows, there has been a secsth of
public favoritism for New York‘s two
ballclubs. As the New York Mcls
dominated from 1962 to i973 (first with
Stengcl's Amazins, and then of Course with
the most amazing sports victory of all time)
and the Pinstripes in the late 1970's. it is up
parent that eq'uilibrium will soon approach
With the coming of new ownership, lilL'
Mets were the best ticket in town Inst sum-
mer. This summer has the possibility nt ig-
niting an intense baseball rivalry. A student
need only open his ears to hear the lnll. of
baseball fever. Only one thing may but it
subway series; are the declining Bttttttllt-t
good enough? The Mets are ready, 'llw
magic is real.

 

 

— Erie 'l‘urltt-ttit/

 

Cultural Experience

To the Editor:

After reading “Off the Mark." wtitlun
by Mr. Bruce W. Fox. we would like to
makc clear to the students tltc ptlt'posc oi
the University Theatre Council on this cunt
pus.

our main objective is to foster artistic up»
prccttttiott for and participation itt the
theatre arts within the university. This is ac
cotnplislted by partially fttttdirtg departmen-
“ll Productions, experimental theatre, and
thc'Gttcsl Artist Program. We try to plan :1
vartcly of events which will it varicll’ ‘"

 

COME ’N‘ GET ME, CA
gAccHARlN AND
BACON. BUT tilts

TIME You’ve GONE
v Too FAR!

N ~at
Wow MTN.N
W Pm- m‘wb

 

lGAVE UP CIGARElTEsv

 

’5" 
NCER.’

 

. -\“X\“.: .. . _

)

 

 

 

 

      
      
 
  

\\ 

-\‘

\\\‘

.c

\\
I

GtMME
EVERYTHING
You cor, on

__ i’LL TURN
lHE VOLUME
ALL THE WAY um

  

\xm“
\

  

\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


i
i

events which will accomplish this objective
throughout the year. Certainly not all
events will please everyone, nor do we ex-
pect the entire community to come see every
production. but what we do hope is that
each production portrays some aspect of
the performing arts to the community and
enriches their appreciation for the arts.
Each event we choose to bring in is voted
on by the council. Many are turned down
simply because of cost. Those shows chosen
are done so after costs, student participa-
tion, and reviews of the show are carefully
considered. Certainly no one can expect
Theatre Council. or any organization. to
preview every show it presents.
I "Twain’s Fol/y" was this type of event.
Audience attendance was low, basically due
to competition with the Jorma concert and
a rushed publicity campaign. However, this
does not bother us. We ltttve met our finan-
cial obligations to the Student Association.
and we are free to present events which we
feel arebenefic'ialJn speaking with audience
members after the performance we found
the majority enjoyed the performance.
Very often it is easy to criticize from the
outside looking in. While Mr. Fox is entitl-
cd to his opinions, we extend to ltint, and
the entire student body, the opportunity to
join our council and actively participate in

the selection of guest artists for the coming
season.

We can say we have tried to the best of
our ability to present a successful
program of events. This May. we will bring
the world premiere of "The First Bare/col
Dancer, " which will move to New York Ci-
ty after its opening here in Albany. We
hope in the future more people will take ad-
vantage of what Theatre Council has to of-
fer and discover thc'world of the perform-
tng arts.

—— Executive Board and
Members of Theatre Council

Bring Us Your Letters
and Columns

Deadlines for letters and columns are
Tuesday for a Friday issue and Friday for a
Tuesday lssttc. Anonymous letters will not
be printed — however, names will be
withheld upon request. Please limit letters
to under 250 words. Drop Iltcnt ttff in
“Letters” box in CC 329 or call the
‘ ’ .' ‘ditttr at 455-69”.

     

 

NYPIRG Cleans U :

When was the last tintc you willingly
smeared a toxic chemical on your body?
Probably this morning since many shant-
poos and conditioners contain for-
maldehyde. When was the last time you
were in the same room with a
polycltiorlnnted bipltcnyl (PCB)? Probably
rigltt now if you are reading by flourcscent
light. Transformers itt lltcsc lights use PCBs
as a heat dispersing fluid. When will yott
deliberately put a carcinogen itt your moutit
and enjoy it? Maybe tonigltt as yott drink a
beer since many brands contain
nitrosamincs.

Prior to the i960's anti the advent of the
cnviromcntal tttovcment, Americans felt
self-assured that since their homes anti
clothes were clean, their food was processed
and packaged. and their tnpwntcr ran
crystal clear tltal tltcy wcrc ittttrtttttc to in»
jury, to tlrcadctl diseases like diplheritt anti
cholera that ltavc plagued pcrsonkintl for
centuries. Unfortunately. whnt few people
knew was that dttrittg the eradication of
typltoid, polio, and tuberculosis irt the
1940's. it scourge worse than all lhcsc
natural afflictions began its dcvelopmcnl.
Syrttltetic chemicals and petroleum
derivatives hntl bcgttn to flourish in the
wake of World War ll research. New
wonder chemicals were developed with
ttcvcr before seen properties: plastics, syn-
thetic fibers, heat resistant oils, brightly col-
ored dyes, and deadly pesticides attd hcr—
bicidcs were the theme of the tiny. As they
developed, so tlid never before seen wttslc
products, chemicals which the earth‘s biota
ltad no idea what to do witlt. Simultaneous-
ly tltcrc came an increase in exposure to
thcsc cxolic chemicals as tltcy begun to
pcrmcntc tltc landscape. So too came an in-
crease in exotic cancers.

Suddenly in the late '960'5. the environ—
mcnt seemed to become saturated with the
products tutti byproducts of tire ('oltl Wnr
industry. We were told lltnt DDT ttot only
destroyed higher order bird populations but
was probably being accumulated itt our
own fatty tissucs. We were loltl tltal ottr
laundry detergent hntl clogged waterways
with algae. our ttttttt fish was contamittutcd
with ntercttry, our neighborhoods were
chemical dumps. anti most tccently lltat our
drinking water could probably be used-to
remove grease front ottr Chevy engine
blocks. The sanctity of American tetra fir-
mn had been shattered frotn the inside.

 

The Chemical Syndrome

Eric Gent

The New York Public lttlerest Research
Eroup. lnc. (NYl’lRG) has been a y
‘ ' ' . \ ‘ . r O 4 , t 4

mainstay of the cnvirontttcntal motetncnl
in New York and possibly across the na-
tion. Our history in the area of toxic
chemicals is long and fruitful. Beginning in
l976, Iltc study “Troubled Water" found
that the Hudson River. a drinking water
source for some 200.000 New Yorkers, con-
.taincd PCBs attd other toxic chemicals.
1978 brought a sttrvey of member schpols
for asbestos insulation which resulted in the
Scltool Asbestos Safety Act of l979 and
fttrthcr a slate-run survey ofstalc buildings.
I980 bore the study "Toxics on Tap." art
cxpose on who was polluting Long island‘s
groundwater. tltc sole drinking water
source for route titan two ntlllion people.
l9iil will see a study of tltc Niagrtt River
and n 5-years-al‘ler study of “Troubled
Wntcrs."

Through tltcsc myriad activities,
NYl’lRG has attempted to educate tltc
citizens of New York State about lltc pro-
blcms of environmental pollulnnls to show
that Love (‘nnal was ttol a unique occur-
rence. No one is immune to lltc cl'l'ccls of
these ubiquitous substances; tltc fact that
Ncw York has lite second highest L‘illlL‘L'f
rate ill the nation may intlicnle that ex-
posure to these substances is inking its toll
in human life.

 

Across the Slate NYl’IRG students are
developing lltcir skills by
ottgoirtg investigations and educational pro-
grnnts addressing environmental pollutants.
The following is n lltttttthttnil sketch of pro-
jects currently ttndcr way at SUNYA:

1. Hudson River Project. ()ur locatiort is
unique ilt that we are right ncxt to one of
tile ntnjor scenic (and unfortunately
polltrtctl) rlvct‘s itt tltc nation. Students at
SUNYA will cotttlttct lhc “Troubled
Wntcrs" 5»yctlrs-ttflct study.

2. Slrcnmtvulklng. As a grassroots orgnniz- '
ing tool to support lltc study. students will
conduct a workshop on April 25 lo tcnclt
community leaders in the l'llidh’Oil River
Valley how to tlctccl atttl rcport pollution
sources on rivcrs and streams.

3. Legislative Support. Students are
organizing coalitions to support
legislation lit the New York State
Legislature. A larger state-wide effort ts
spearheaded by NYPlRG legislative Intern.
Gary Joltttsott, A SUNYA student.
4. Art Survey. Students are surveying art
classes to determine the level at which at-
tisls know they are working with toxic
chemicals.

..-.y.. .t:»r.v:tl;t:

l

Maybe This Time

Once again, America was forced to prepare for tragedy. For several hours
the world watched and waited to see if a team of surgeons could undo the work
of a crazed man and his gun.

Fer the sixth time in twenty years a president or candidate for that office has
been sltot at. This time Mr. Reagan was lucky — the bullet missed his heart by
an tnclt. Bttt wltat about next time? And nobody should doubt, whether it be
Reagan or a successor, that there will be a next time.

We heard the screaming after the killing of John Lennon. The public, back-
etl up by tltc media. begged for gun control legislation. We hoped that maybe
this time our legislators would rcspontl. '

They didn't.

And it wasn't very long before the screams bccatnc whispers. Whis‘pcrs that,
for all bttl a few, faded away.

The screaming ltas begun again — ignited, as always, by tragedy. And once
again we hope that maybe this time . . .

. . . President Reagan will cltange his stance and sec tltc need for gtrn con»
trol. Maybe ltc will realize that lie is a victim of tltc conscqucttccs of his belief.
Pcrltaps now ltc cart scc llte justification for strict laws to limit handguns.

. . . The figltt to control guns will ttol end tttttil laws have bcctt enacted and
the violence caused by guns subsides into extinction. ’

. . . People will sec that ntorc murders rcsttlt from bttilcls than front any
other source. Thousands are shot to death every year. l’coplc must see that
wilhottt tltcsc ltnntl-ltcld elements of death. lltc number may not be as large.

. . . Tltc National Rifle Association will agree that the expression “guns
don‘t kill, pcoplc do“ is bullshit. For if tltc criminal doesn't have a gun, he
may not be able to commit his crime. Nobody can serioust believe tltnt
eliminating guns will not result itt i'cwct' murders.

. . .'l‘ltis ttttgctly will result in laws tltnl will ltclp all and try to prevent such
a tragedy from ever occurring again.

We rcnlirc that lltc goal of eliminating ltntttlgtttts is idealistic nntl unrealistic.
However. we must never cease itt lryittg to litttit guns ntttl the destruction that
tltcy causc.

As Americans pttt aside their partisnnsltip ntttl pray for tltc spcctly recovery
of lltc president and lhc lltrcc others wountlctl, we hope that they won't let lltc
real issue fade away. For to climinntc guns as n weapon is to take away the

principle means of murder.
-- SAG 

 

   
  
 
 
   
   
 
    
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
    

coordinating IT
2 Ltubttt, Totn Lnsttk. James Matkotals. Mark Mutalotu. Jack Nut
_! Snldia. Joli Schadoit. Batbntn Schindler. Paul Scltwattz. Su
ll Ptavlnw Editors: Marla Gattratlno. Muty Kettlgan

' tiling Production: Mntln Flach. Dianne Glacola, Mtc

U Photootaphy. Supplied principally by University Photo Sarvlea
ll Chill Photographer: Bab Leonard

'1 UPS stall: Dave Assn-r. Bruce Brlggs, Alan cistern,
'1 Man: Hanscnel. Bill Kraun. Roannl Kulaltotl. Dave Maelntan.
— Stalnkamp, Tany Talurolti. WIII Vurmln

Tl Fran Corporation,

 

yg§PECTS

Elllblllhld In 19"

am! its creative magazitzz

Rob E. Orubmen. Edna: tn Cntr-t
Hayden Clrruth, Steven A. Greenbetg. Managing Err/lets
Sylvia Saunders. Senior EdIIDI

. . , .. ,.. ...Susan Mtllloan. Beth 50x0!
. . . Judie Elsenbetg, Wayne Paetaboom

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rob Edalsteln
. Joanne Welnor. Andrew Carroll
. . . . . . . . .. Doug Wall
. .....Jlletton
Suzanne Gatbat

. .. . . . . . . , . . . .. Bob Ballalloto
. ...... Matt: Haspol. Larry Kahn

. . . . . . . . .,. . . .Pattlcla Btanlcy

. . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . , . , . . . . . ..Ftntrk J. GM .11.. Mitchell A.Gtoobal

 

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . , , . . . .
Associate Newe Editors .
ASPocll Editor . , . . . . . , . . ,,
Aleocllla ASPacIs Editors.
Sound Editor. . . .
Vision Editor . ,
Creative Arts
Sports Editor , . . . . . . . . , ..
Alloclato Sport: Editors
Editotlal Page: Editor ..
Copy Editor: . . . . . . . . . ..

 
   
 
  
 
  
 

  
 

 

 

llo. Julianne Bostlc. Joan Brandelsky. Robin Btown, Flay Callaulta. Kan Cantor.
lo. Scott Contmot, Llsu Denonmark. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey,
Ellen Epstein. Mntk Ftschuttl, Btuca Fox. Gall Goldstuin. Ken Gordon, Etlc Gtubot. Matthew Haddnd. Wendell Had-
tion. Jatnos Jalic. Debbie Judge. Larry Kinsman, Nora Kirby. Kathy Klsaane. Chttatophet Koch. Bruce Lavy. Btuee
hatl. Ed Plnka. Dlatmutd Quinn, Mark Restrict. Mindy
a Smith. Lautal Solomon. Catollne Sommats Zodiac and

Stall writers: Anne Bats. tom Bonito
Michael Carmen. Anna Cavattngh. Lott Cohan. Sharon Co

Marilyn Moekowltz. Business Manager
Janet Dteltuu. Advattislng Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Bonnie Stevens
. Miriam Flasplar, Hody Btoder. Karen Satttott
. September Ktaln
Hayden Cattuth

 
 
  
 

Ollice Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Billing Accountants
Clnllllod Man-pat . . .
Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

  

tanatd, Pam Zion Advenlllno Production Manager: Tammy Gainer Adver-
noiln Horowitz. Susan Kaplan. Mata Mondalaohn. Carolyn
Jansen, Arlene Kallowltz. Judy 8. Santa

SIIII: Dave Button, Roy Loomla. Michael S
Bodgwlck. Olllca Stall: Robin Butnnaon. nnndl Gruenbeta, Tricia

Dun Beta. Production Manager
Deb Reynolds. David Thanhauur. Assaclata Product/on Manaaars

Venlcal Cam-u . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . t . . . . . . . . . . . - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ellaaa Beck
Flllc'up: David Bock. Rhonda Kallnnt. Robin Lamatoin, Eden Lavina. Carina Shlpototalty. Typilte: Nancy Barnatatn,
Lynda Bcnvenuto. Maty Butko. Marla Catharine. Mtndy Gordon. Medea Manntna. Barbara Nolan. Cathie Ryan, shatl
Schneider Chluttcr: Marx Flaeheltl

Karl Chan, Sherry Cohan, Stave Essen. Mlke Fuller. Mark Hatch.
Lola Matt-bani, Sue Mlndlch. Mark Nadlcr. Sana

‘ The Albany Student Plus ls published every Tuesday and Friday dullng the school year by the Albany Student
an Independent not-tat‘pratlt aarpoutlon. Editorials are written by the Edltor In Onion-policy 1|

l rub/cc! to rev/aw by m- Edltottal Board.

 

Mutant”Ltilent.”.t..t..‘..‘..'.‘.u.t.at...“

It‘s}

 

 

