  

  
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
     
     
 
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
  
       
     
   
     
      
   
   
  
   
    

still 1; "

rIII"*IIIﬂI'rl'rl<r'1-r‘~‘-a‘Aﬁv

..- .-x

 would Capsules .

 

 

_ O ‘

Grasso Dies of Cancer
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) Former Governor Ella
Orasso, 61. died Thursday night at Hartford Hospital of
complications due to cancer. hospital spokesman James
Battaglio said. Battaglio said Mrs. Orasso died at 5:49
p.m. and was pronounced dead at 6:03 p.m. She died of
a cardiac arrest following multiple organ failure, the
spokesman said. Mrs. Grasso had been ill with cancer
since last year. The governor's husband. Thomas, and
her children James and Susane were at her bedside when
she died. Battaglio said the governor's family asked the
public "to join us tonight in praying for the governor
and her family." She had been administered last Roman
Catholic rites many times during her ll l/2 week stay at
the hospital. Battaglio's voice trembled as he made what
he called his "tragic" ﬁnal announcement of the gover-
nor's death. He said it had been her wish to keep the
public informed of her illness in a "forthright manner."
as he noted she had done during her administration.
Names of doctors and he_r priest were withheld. Former
President Jimmy Carter issued a statement from Atlanta
that said. “Ella Grasso represented all that is good and
promising about politics and public service. As one of
the most prominent women in this country. she had
great strength. skill, and when required, toughness.
"She faced death with the same courage she faced in
life. "Ella was my close friend and had my deepest
respect and admiration. i will miss her dearly."

Atlanta Victim Identiﬁed

ATLANTA (AP) A black child whose body was found
Thursday. has been identified as a 14-year-old boy who
disappeared Jan. 3. the l5th black youngster to have
been found dead in the Atlanta area in the last l9 mon-
ths, officials said. Fulton County Police Maj. Louis
Graham said the child. Lubie “Chuck” Geter was iden-
tiﬁed at the county medical examiner's office by his
parents. At least two other children are still missing and
their disappearances and the 15 deaths are being in-
vestigated by a special police task force. Authorities say
some. but not all, of the cases may be related. Graham
said the body was found on its back with little or no

clothing. The cause of death has not been determined.
Octcr was reported missing Jan. 3, one day after his

brother dropped him off at a southwest Atlanta.shopp-
ing center.

Sodomy Charge Denied

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Rep. Jon C. Hinson.
R-Miss.. pleaded innocent today to a misdemeanor
charge of attempted oral sodomy and was released on
his personal recognizance by a District of Columbia
judge. Hinson. re-elcctcd last fall after admitting he had
visited two homosexual hangouts, was arrested Wednes-
day in a men's room in the Longworth House Office
Building by Capitol Police. Hinson was initially charged
with committing oral sodomy. a felony carrying a max-
imum ﬁne of $l0.000 and sentence of 10 years in prison.
The U.S. attorney‘s office today reduced the charge to a
misdemeanor. which carries a maximum one-year penal-
ty. Appearing at his arraignment in D.C. Superior
Court. Hinson remained silent while his attorney,
Joseph Clancy. submitted the plea to Judge William
Thompson and agreed to a trial date of May 4. .

 

 

 

 

Aid Forcasts Recovery

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) President Reagan's budget
director. in an unusually optimistic prediction, is
forecasting that the new administration's economic
recovery program would lower the nation's inﬂation
rate to 6 percent by the end of next year. sources say. in-
ﬁction was l2.4 percent in I980, and most experts
predict it will remain in the 9 percent to lo percent range
through the end of l982. A Democratic congressional
aide. asking not to be identified, said of the economic
model used to make Budget Director David A.
Stockman's inﬂation forecast: “if you put garbage in.
you get garbage out." One knowledgeable Republican
source said Stockman is using the low inﬂation estimate.
which so far has not been made public. to project
federal spending and revenues in later years. All the
sources who discussed Stockman's projections did so on
the condition their names not be used. Stockman and
other administration economic officials contend inﬂa-
tion can be brought down quickly if the correct actions
are taken. They say inﬂationary expectations in the
financial community, which is sustaining inﬂation at
high levels, will change as soon as the administration
shows it is serious about fighting rising prices with
budget and tax cuts. Stockman. eyeing cuts in dozens of
programs, is telling congressional aides he's deliberately

 

.\

t

‘5 _...t7.t.')i-;.rtrit ’
trying to create a political “ﬁrefight” to help the
Reagan administration trim the federal budget. Accor-
ding to one Senate aide, Stockman told a meeting this
week his strategy is to seek cuts in programs favored by
as many special interest groups as possible. thus preven-
ting any group from claiming it was singled out. Mean-
while. other sources reported Stockman is turning away
from proposing major cuts in the current ﬁscal year in
favor of saving up to $40 billion in fiscal 1982 and still
more later. One source reported that Stockman hopes
his strategy of cutting numerous programs will create an
atmosphere in which everyone will be expected to
sacrifice. in addition, Stockman told one group he
favors combining many existing "categorical" programs
into “block grants" to the states at 80 percent of their
current funding levels.

Reagan Turns 70

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President Reagan turns 70
on Friday. but he started joking about it early. The
oldest man ever elected to the presidency, Reagan will
celebrate his birthday with old friends Friday night at a
White House party that is supposed to be a surprise. But
his jokes began Wednesday night at a congressional din-
tier and continued early Thursday morning at a prayer
breakfast. where he was serenaded with "Happy Birth-
day." instead of “Hail to the Chief." “i want to thank
you for starting out the celebration of my Slst anniver-
sary of my 39th birthday." Reagan said at the prayer
breakfast at a Washington hotel.

D’Amato Lists Targets

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Sen. Alfonse D'Amato
says everybody will “have to share the belt-tightening"
necessary to balance the federal budget. but he also has
a few favorite spending programs he thinks should be
immune front spending cuts. Among the threatened
federal activities D'Amato. R-N.Y., said Wednesday
should be spared from the btrdgct axc were the
“superfund” to clean up dangerous chemicals. price
supports for farmers and operating aid to mass transit.
But he declined to support Mayor Edward Koch and a
group of other mayors in their effort to save a grant pro—
gram designcd to spur development in urban areas such

 

 

 

 

_ CAMpus Bniefs

 

 

Concert Offered by RP]

The Professional Classical Concert Series of RP] will
sponsor a free concert at the RPl Chapel and Cultural
Center on 2l25 Burdettc Avenue in Troy this Sunday.

The concert will feature harpsichordist Hugh Allen

Wilson. second violinist Mary Lou Saetta. and ﬂutist lr-'

vin Gilman performing the full Bach Concerts; they will
be accompanied by a lecal Chamber Orchestra. Othcr
works will include Handel's Cancer! Grosso Opus 6 No.
5 and Mozart's Einc Klelne Nat-h! Music.

The concert will begin at 8:00 p.m. in the main
auditorium. Arr exhibit opening and reception in the
gallery will precede the concert. The exhibit. titled.
"Women, Past. Present. and Future." consists ofwork
from 20 Art Resources Open to Women (AROW)
members. The opening and reception takes place from
6:00 p.m. to 8:00p.m. The exhibit runs until March 5.

Scouts Seek Volunteers

The Hudson Valley Girl Scout Council is looking for
volunteers to assist and supervise activities and to teach
skills such as crafts. music. and safety to a new. non-.
troop affiliated program. This will provide scouting op-
portunities to girls not currently active in a troop. but in-'
tcrestcd in scouting activities.

The program will consist of occasional meetings or ac-
tivities for girls in areas where there are few or no
troops. These activities will be broken down into the
four scouting levels: Brownies. Juniors. Cadettcs. and
Seniors. and will be offered in area schools. churches,
and community centers. The hours will be aftcrschool.
early evenings. and occasional Saturdays.

interested persons may volunteer for one meeting. or
as many activities as they want. For nrorc information
please call Barbara Lukas at the Council office,
439-4936, between 9:00 am. and 4:00 p.m.. or at
489-3878 after 6:00 p.m.

Credit Union Moves

The Credit Union has moved from the SA Contact

Office to the space adjacent to UAS Check Cashing,
Any questions concerning Credit Union operations

Lshould be directed to Tom Schilling at 7-7794. or anyone

at the Credit Union window.

..
,.’

as New York. And D'Amato listed as other possible

targets for savings federally financed public service jobs,

regulatory agencies such as the Occupational Safety and '
‘ Health Administration, and automatic cost-of—living in-

creases for Social Security and federal pensions. At a
news conference in hisCapitolHill ofﬁce, D'Amato said
all segments of society should "share" the sacrifices
needed to control federal spending.

Captive Awaits Release

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) The Buffalo Evening News said
today “signals” out of Tehran indicate that Cynthia
Dwyer. imprisoned in lran, could be released and allow-
ed to return to the United States. She reportedly was
tried Wednesday on charges of being a CIA spy. The
newspaper said it had learned that Anton Hegner. the
Swiss ambassador to the United States. conveyed
assurances to high ranking U.S. diplomats in
Washington Wednesday. The paper said no precise date
for Mrs. Dwyer’s possible release. was mentioned but
said speculation centered on next Wednesday. Mrs.
Dwyer. 49, of suburban Amherst. has been held at
Tehran's Evin Prison since May.

 

 

 

Reagan Proposes Tax Cuts

WASHINGTON. D.C.(AP) President Reagan. declar-
ing that the nation is suffering from its “worst economic
mess since the Great Depression." said Thursday night
that the government must make dramatic cuts in taxes
and spending because the economic judgment day is at
hand. He held government policies responsible for the
situation and said his remedy would begin with tlu'cc
years of lo percent cuts in income tax rates and spending
reductions "in virtually cvcry dcpartmcnt" of govern-
ment. “Ovcr the years. we have let negative cconotnic
forces run ottt of control." Reagan said in his first na-
tionally broadcast report to the nation. “We have stall-
ed the judgtncnt day. We no longer have that luxury.
We are ottt of liinc." He said: “A few days ago. i was
presented with a report i had asked for — a comprchcn-
sivc audit. if you will. of our economic condition. You
won't like it. i didn't like it, but we have to facc the
truth and then go to work to tttrn things around."

To Celebrate the New Year

Chinese Student Association is presenting a Chinese
New Year celebration this Saturday.

The celebration will include a five-course dinncr at
6:00 p.m.. art annual New Year Variety Show at 8:00
p.m. in Albany High School. and a New Years Party at
ll:00 p.m. in Sayles Hall. Alumni Quad.

Tickets are now available in the Campus Center lob-
by. and costs $4.00 for members. $5.00 for non-
members with tax-cards. and $5.50 for the general
public. Tickets for the pcrfortnancc cost $l.50 for
members and $2.00 for the general public. All tickets
cost 50 cents extra at the door.

For more information. call cithcr 438-1095 or
869-5487.

Jazz Festival Planned

The Easter Seal Society and Capital District Jll/l
Society will present an al'tcrnoon festival ofjar/ on Sun-
day. February 8 at 2:00 p.m. at the SUNYA Performing
Arts Center. Featttrcd pcrformGrs incltldc S in Parson's
Riverboat Jazz Band. the SUNYA Jan. Ensemble and
SPCCiﬂl guest, Terri Francis. a jam. pop and blues
vocalist. who has performed throughout the Uttilcd
States and abroad.

The concert will be followed by a winc and cheese pttr-
ty which is included in the $3.00 tlonutcd admission.
Proceeds will benefit Easter Seals Stroke Clubs which
provide social, emotional. anti recreational support to
persons disabled by a stroke.

Tickets can be purchased at the door and at all Record
Town stores.

Aid Forms Available

Financial Aid Applications for Academic Year
l98l-82 are now available. Students can pick up applica-
tious from the Office of Financial Aid. AD 152. bcthcn
8:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.

All students. including those enrolled in the Educa-
tional Opportunities Program (EOP) are rcqttired to file
the Collegiate Scholarship Service Financial Aid Form
and Supplement (FAF). as well as the SUNY at Albany
aid application. Tire Office of Financial Aid has these
documents and detailed instructions ready for all
students.

Students who think they will rcqtrire financial
assistance next fall or next spring should file npplica~
tions as soon as possible. SUNY at Albany ﬁnancial aid
applications must be fully completed and postmarked or
rcttrrned no later than April 24, l98l. For further infor-
matlorr call Rick Tastor at 7-8555. -

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUNYA Unlverslt Senate Meetln

 

photo: Alan Cllrm

Will vote on proposal to eliminate l I graduate positions on the Senate.

    

Albany Student Press

Page Three

Senate Compromise PosSible

by Frank Gil .
A "compromise agreement" at a

scheduled faculty meeting February

24 may settle the ten month-long

controversy regarding student
representation on University Senate '

according to Senate liason Mark
Lafayette.

if the proposal is adopted, the
current quota of eleven graduate
student representatives will be
replaced by faculty members. but
the twenty-two undergraduate '
representatives will remain as per-
manent members of the Senate.

Students lost a permanent voice
in the Senate last May. when the
faculty Senate members voted down
the students’ proposal for four
more years representation. In the

Uptown Housing Options Viewed

by Judie Elsenberg

Despite the ttniformity of the up-
town dorms, there are a few sec-
tions which offer altcrnativc forms
of living

Students express conflicting
views on the success of thcsc alter-
native dorms.

Theta Xi Omega (TXO) has so
few members living in their
Schuyler l-lall rcsidence. that “it’s
not really a fraternity dorm
anymore. except for the TXO sym<
bols painted on tile walls,"
residence assistant (RA) Gary
Mindlin said.

There are only eight TXO
members living itt Dutch Quad‘s
Scltuylcr Hall.

“A dorm is not the place for a
fraternity." Mindlin said. “They
should have u house. where they
can do whatever they like."

According to one TXO brother
who asked to rcmain anonymous.
fraternity ccrcmonics are usually

4.

SASU l'rcsltleut .llrrt Stern

not held in the dorm.

“More TXO members live in
other dorms or off-campus." he
said. “We can do otrr functions
elsewhere.”

The fraternity. Mindlin pointed
out, has made contributions to the
dortn. “They set up a pool table in
the lounge which everyone ill the
dorm was allowed to use. and they
decorated the place for Christmas.

"They've also thrown parties
with their owtt money and we all got
to drink for free," Mindlin said.

The TXO brother cxplttinctl that
“we don‘t consider ourselves as a
group separate from other dorm
mcmhcrs. We're just here."

Having a fraternity in the dorm
docs not really make the section any
different. he felt, but living with
TXO brothers on campus has given
him “a feeling of togetherness.
thn l cotnc back in 20 years. I
know lllcl'C will be something here
for Inc." «

pttnln: Mark llalek

 

\uir/ SASU i\ urctlttlsltlc u \Ill/t'rll'l'l/l' lrtltltvlllt: t'l/url.

The idea of togetherness is one of
the basic principles of another form
of alternatch housing. 4 Plus 2.

According to RA Frcd Alibcrti.
the purpose of 4 Plus 2 is to create
“a true community environment
which wouldn't happen in other
dorms.

“We plan ottt activities at weekly
Townc Meetings. This promotes in-
teraction bctwccn rcsidcnts who get
involved in planning." he said.

However, Alibcrti claims there
was “a lot more interest in the cott—
ccpt when it first started in l97l.
People are now tnorc intcrcslctl in
their own lives and suites.“

There have also been instances,
Alibcrti claims. of people signing
tip for 4 Plus 2 as it way of insuring
housing In lndinn Quad’s Mohawk
Tower. the location of this dorm.

Alibcrti added that only opprox~
imutcly “ Is to 20 people or less (out
of approximntcly lit) residents)
always cotnc to the meetings or plan

past. the faculty Senate customarily
voted every two years in favor of
two additional years of student
membership.

However, a later vote awarded
students one-year representation,
with the provision that a committee
formed of students and faculty ex-
plore options regarding students on
Senate during that year.

Lafayette said he is in favor of
the by-law amendment.

“We don't want to push facul-
ty.“ he said. “We have been under
constant threat to keep our
representation. This compromise
would put an end to our temporary
status and give us permanent
representation."

SUNYA Presidential Assistant.
Fred Volkwein. feels that reducing

 

Members of 4 Plus 2 vote in a meeting

“There is greulcr dorm .vpirll here. "
activities."

Sophomore Brion Gold feels
E‘thcrc is n problem with apathy to a.
certain extent. But. for all the peo-
ple who aren't into it. there tire pco- ‘
pic who work really hard. it
cotttiter-balances.

t

student membership would create a
clearer voice for the faculty. Volk-
weln added that the matter is a
faculty issue and that the students
have essentially “no say" in the
matter.

Lafayette does not feel that stu-
dent representation is a threat to
faculty oh Senate. “The main
power of the students on Senate is
to debate the question at hand and
attempt to sway the issue toward
the best interests of the students."
he said.

Lafayette further remarked that
"faculty feels students should not
be as involved in academic policy-
making. and a small organized
group of faculty wants to throw
students (completely) off Senate."

said RA Fred Alibcrti.

“There is a greater dorm.splrlt‘.

here," he continued. "We domore»

activities than any dorm i'v; over
secn."- ' 5 H ' . ‘ ~ :
"Results do come ottt of our
meetings." Alibcrti agreed. Hc
con/inner] on page revert

SASU to Fight Tuition Increase

by lirrtce Fox

Conccding that a fight against the
dorm rate hike approved last Week
by the SUNY Board of Trustees
would be a “lost cause.” SASU of-
ficers are now focusing their
energies on the prevention of an ex-
pected $150 to $300 tuition hike.

(iovcrnor Hugh 1.. Catcy's
Will-82 butlch proposal docs rtot
include a tttition hikc provision as
of ycl. However. SUNY Chancellor
(Tlifton Wharton publicly announc-
ctl last week that he is seriously con-
sidering a hike, and some trustees
have alrcady said they would sup-
port Wharton‘s rccomntcndation.

SASU Organizing Director Bruce
Cronin said he believes that Carey
will amend his budget to provide
for a tuition hike later this month.

RCO Honors Program is Offered

by Paula Mrmlc

The l)cpartmcnl of Rhetoric and
Comrrutnicalion has introduced an
honors program now available to its
advanced standing undergraduate
majors. accon'ing to RCO Depart-
tncnt Chair Donald Cnshman.

The program. which places an
emphasis on tutorial projects With
direct faculty supervision. offers
two new courses including it series
of guest seminars with nationally
acclaimed figures in the field.

I- x it.

According to (‘ushmam the

Professor Robert Sanders noted

that the goal of the program was
not to create an elite group. but to
provide students with a challenge
and a framework within which to
focus their research and quicken
their rate of progress.

Thc curriculum of thc ltonors
program consists of two new
courses: Junior Honors Seminar in
Rhetoric and Communication
(RCO 399) and Senior Honors Pro-

co/tlinucd on page five

honors program is designed to bring
together the highest ranking
students and provide them with an
opportunity to exchange ideas with
faculty. graduate students and
visiting professors. Cushmnn stress-
ed that the role of the program's
guest speakers would not he litnitcd
to classroom lectures. but would irr-
cludc personal supervision as well as
individual sessions ‘with the
students.

 

mew...“ mummmmmmww" .~

Mﬂwﬂﬂmma$v~qurxum ........

Only the SUNY Board of
Trustees is legally empowered to in-
crease tuition. The New York State
Legislature. however. can refuse to
authorize spending of monies at-
tained through tuition hikes, effec-
tively nullifying any increase. Ac-
cording to SASU President Jim
Stern. SASU will pressure the
legislature instead of the board of
trustees. as they have in the past.

SASU's plans include a state-
wide lobbying effort on February
l0 as well as “Lobbying Days" in
Albany each Tuesday thereafter.

SASU also plans to stage a

pttblicity Stunt on February 12. ‘

Students on several participating
campuses will hold press con-
ferences to announce that their
school is seccding from the SUNY
system and affiliating with the
lower cost Wisconsin public college
syt'tcm. Cronin said he believes the
stunt will attract media attention
and arouse public interest.

On March 10. SASU plans to
hold a “Parents Day." individual
campuses have been asked by SASU
to send out mailings to parents urg-
ing them to come to Albany on that
day to lobby.

Other actions planned by SASU
include a letter writing campaign.
part lcipation at legislative hearings.
and a major state-wide “save
SUNY" rally at the Capitol on
March 25.

According to Jim Stern. the lob-

 
   

        

   

bying strategy this year will differ
from last year's effort in that the
priority will be to prevent a tuition
increase. and not to urge the
restoration of lost funds. Stern said
that Carey was surprised by the
legislature‘s “massive override" of
his proposals for SUNY last year. .
and believes it can happen again.

“A tuition hike is simply not
justiﬁed." said Stern. “The pur‘
pose of a hike would not be to
counteract inﬂation. There is plen-‘
ty of surplus money in this state.
Wait until you see how fat the
budget gets next year when Carey is
up for re-election."

Stern added that the dorm rate
hike approved last week would not
have been necessary if dorms were
better managed. He charged that it
is “ludicrous” that living in an off-
campus apartment is substantially
cheaper than living in residence
halls “supposedly designed for high
efficiency."

SASU does not expect the ﬁght.
against the tuition hike to be an
easy one. According to Bruce
Cronin. “We are severely
understaffed. We could use at least
ten more paid staff people. We
could also use more ﬁnancial sup-
port from SUNY campuses."

According to Cronin. SASU is
developing a plan to secure funding
from individual students instead of
from student governments. “But,”
said Cronin. “first we need ap-

proval by the board of trustees."

 

 

