 

reland’s rockers‘ have [long been

j overshadowed by their English
‘ counterparts to the north. But last
year's album and American touring suc—
cesses by lrish bands like the Undertones
have paved way for a-new wave qf young

Ray Caligiurei

lrish talent. And this week Dublin proudly
presented. live and on tape. U2.
U2 Is a four member band led by guitarist

 

 

"‘The Edge" Evans. ‘who is given solid sup-
port from bass'player Adam Clayton. drum-
mer Larry Mullen and lead singer Bono
Hewson. Combining hard rock elements
with a dreamy psychedelic intensity. they
pleased an unusually large crowd at .l.B.
Scott's last week.

i

     
   
  
    
  

.....2 a 4- '
.. .M 'Wc—pw "’
mwmmxwmd‘wl:

 

N

None of the four is over 21. and the album is
an eleven song examination of the anxieties;
and uncertainties of growing up. it features
some great songs. the best of which is “l Will
Follow." structured around a beautiful guitar
lead. It deals with a boys emotional hard-
ships, and has insightful lyrics:

A boy tries hard to be a man
His. mother takes him by_the hand
if he stops to think he starts to cry

Oh. Why?

The song can become addicting; a few hear-
Ings will keepthls cut ringing in your ears all
day.

"Twilight" deals with the same subject: My
body grows and grows-ft frightens me you
know-...fn the shadow boy meets man.

Their hOUY'lonQ Performance inclUded Flowing guitar runs and Hewson's vocals
everything from their debut album, Boy. give the song a sound reminiscent of Tom

Lovin’ Ho '

 

e think someone up here at the
ASP must have known we were
long-time fans of the Todd Hobinv
Band. They‘alaq must have known we never

miss a THB concert. And the were ri ht!

September Klein
and Marie Garbarino

So. the music editor asked us to do a
review of the concert at .l.B. Séott's lad
month. First of all. what do we know about
writing reviews? We only hang out up here
because we like the smell of the chemicals
they use.

So forget the review. We're going to do a
preview of the upcoming Todd Hobin Band
concert in the Campus Center Ballroom
tomorrow night at 8:30 pm.

 

The Todd Hobin Band is led by Todd
Hobln (couldn't guess. right?) who sings and
plays acoustic and lead guitars. He is sup-
ported by his brother. Shawn. on the drums.
Doug Montcrleif on guitar and keyboards.
Bruce Fowler on guitar. and Desl Desnoyers
on electric bass. They formed in Rochester.,
NY. and first played together in 1975.

One of the things that make them so
outstanding is their familiar and friendly at-

    

stops flowing and contributes to the band's
own style. which has been compared to Spr-
ingsteen‘s.

After developing quite a following in
upstate and western New York. the THB
produced their first album. which almost im-
mediately sold out. This dynamic and unl-

titude. They play well together on stage and Why Io this III-II mulling?

get along well off stage. The adrenalin never
l

Todd Hobln p the Ballroom.

 

 

“iii-rune, a... We Like In

Verlaine's historic group Television.
Hewson's finely strained singing here is
similar to Verlaine’s nervous vocals.

But HeWson's style doesn't always work.
On "Another Time, Another Place," his flat
singing shows the material is out of his range,
sometimes sounding as hollow and irritating
as Dennis D'eYoung of_$tyx.

Guitarist Evans' playing dominates this
record. His solo enlivens even the thinnest of
material. A good example of his moving

 
  

guitar leads is “The Electric Co.." while he
creates a dreamy mood In) the psychedelic
sounding “An Cat Dubh."

Though U2 has a habit of repeating
themselves. recycling their own guitar leads
on various cuts. Boy is a good debut album
by a talented lrish band. Producer Steve
Lillywhtte has created a richly textured
sound with many ear-pleasing delights.

t Leeks So

que album, featuring “New York Country
Song." and “l Hate You (A Love Song)."
was critically acclaimed.

The band's popularity soon spread and
'earned them a loyal following from Maine to
Florida. After their southern tour. the THB
returned home to release their second album
entitled The Passion and the Pain. This
album captures the enthusiasm and the in-
tense brand of rock ‘n' roll that is well-known
to THE fans.

T ls album has been cited in Billboard's
Recommended LP's and was called "a
fine...LP" that has "all the elements for suc-
cess." ft is also an example of why the THB
has been so successful. They are talented in-
strumentally. skilled vocally. and have a fan-
tastic rapport with their audiences.

Both of us believe the cuts that Billboard
chose were indeed the best.

  

 

 

' seat: 20., 1981

The band brought many of their delights to
last week's concert. Many In the crowd knew
little‘ about the band. but few left disap-
pointed. U2's surprisingly full live sound
utilized only three instruments. An echo
reverb added more depth to the simple but
intriguing melodies. and resonance to the
singing and guitar playing.

The band was thrilled with the audience
reaction. as the crowd danced to their
unusual beat. "i never thobght Albany would 4

be like this!" exclaimed Hewson. He also
said. “this is not just another British band
coming through."

Hewson may be right — U2 seems destin~
ed for bigger fame. Whether that fame will
come in America is a little less certain: their
music may be too extreme for most tastes.
But for now. we can ask “Who cares?" and
enjoy their music for months to come. 0

Easy

The title cut. “Passion and the Pain." kicks
off the album with an energetic guitar pat-
tern. lt’s strong and moving beat is the story
of rock ’n‘ roll inspiration.

The layered harmonies and floating guitar'
heard in “My Girl" are performed perfectly
by the band. This song makes it easy to see
how the band relates to human emotions
and creates an atmosphere that captures the
audience, ‘

The rest of the album shows the depth of

' - t?“ “t ‘

the band 5 versatility with some light. catchy
tunes. complex vocals. and acoustic
touches.

On Saturday. you can expect a light show
that's incredible with music to match. From a
professional point of view. the Todd Hobin
Band can be described as dynamic. tight.
and powerful; from our point of view. they
are just plain great rock ‘n' rollers. o

The Teardrop can’t (ope

i would have been very neat and
easy to start this review with some
snappy saying like. “The Teardrop
Explodes with energy. talent and emotion."
Unfortunately. the Teardrop Explodes
possessed little of these qualities in their'ap-

Joan Brandejsky-

pearance at J.B. Scott's, March 4. Not that
there was a total lack of energy. talent or
emotion in the show. but the quantities
shown were hardly enough for a thump.
much less an explosion.

On record. the Teardrop Explodes show a
great deal of promise although they have
been labeled one of the “New Psychedelic
Bands" (as opposed to the old Psychedelic

 

 
 

bands). the title is hardly fitting for Teardrop.
The group writes and performs power pop
melodies with mildly philosophical lyrics.
Hardly something to trip to. The addition of
horns to many of the songs is a refreshing
twist. The material is solid and well written
and very pleasing. if only the promise of
vinyl could be transported to the stage.
Julian Cope. the lead singer and lyricist of
the band. has made Teardrop his group.
What's worse. he's made himself protagonist
of the stage show. This is too bad. for though
Cope has a pleasing enough voice. his stage
presence is almost nll . He does have some
stage presence — I sing therefore lam —- but
it contains‘ little personality or emotion.
While the Talking Heads' David Byrne can
be quite charming In this mode, Cope can-

not. for unlike Byrne. he is full of pretense
and it becomes boring after a while. 4

What is really sad is that Cope has an ex-
cellent band standing behind him. David
Balie (Keyboards). Gary Dwyer (Drums).
Alan Gill and Michael Finkler (Guitars) are
proficient." restrained. musicians and Cope
allows them to do little more than accom-
pany his singing. Certain songs (“Celebrate"
and "The Culture Bunker," iri particular) cry
out for a harmony vocal. I'm sure one or two.
of those guys can sing. Julian. What's the
patter. afraid they'll sound better than you?

Despite this lackluster performance.
nothing can diminish the quality of The
Teardrops Explqdes material. This quality
was very evident in the middle of the set'

when the band played what 1 considered to
be the best songs from their album Kiliman-
laro. “When I Dream," "Poppies in the
Fields." “Ha. Ha. l'm Drowning." and
"Treason." The strength of these songs ex~
tends beyond the limits of Cope or the Band
and is proof that The Teardrop Explodes has
energy. talent and emotion. if they could on-
ly find a way to inject some of this into their
stage show. We might have something good
to report about.

it might behoove the Teardrop Explodes
to become a studio band for awhile. for i
don't think Julian Cape’s ego can take drub-
blngs like this on a regular basis. and Tear-
drop as a whole should suffer because of
him. .9

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

[vast 50. mi

aging Bull is one of the few films
ever to beat up its audience. The
controversial boxing violence.
graphically portrayed by Martin Scorcese.
director of Taxi Driver, Mean Streets, and
New York. New York. should by'ttself draw
crowds curious to. see how rough it is. They
won’t be disappointed. Along the way.
though. they'll have to come to grips with a

Jim Dixon

powerful portrayal of middle-weight boxing
champion Jake LaMotta by Robert DeNlro.
and an tigly slice of life surrounding him.

 

Tau-w I4~I~va.‘;‘>l-r-~o-Un "we"... ., =

   

 

can do is fight. (And even here he's a slug-
ger. not a boxer. He has no style or finesse.)
You wouldn’t want him in your home and
would comtemplate suicide If he dated your
sister.

AndRagtng Bull‘s sole purpose is to be a
character portrait of this man. There isn't any
plot to speak of. The film is a series of vignet-
tes from LaMotta's life during his rise and fall
in the world of professional boxing. framed
by sequences in which he is seen as an
obese. uncultured nightclub comic. What is
odd is that this is a character portrait which
imports no insight into the character por-
trayed. We see what LaMotta does. more

Robert DeNiro as Jake LaMotta. Jake LaMotta as Jake LaMotta. and artln

Scorcese as himself on the net of Raging Bull.

Raging Bull Is a film with a rare sense of
unity. marvelously self-contained. But it isn't
pretty. or even entertaining. Jake LaMotta.
as portrayed in the screenplay by Martin

.Mardik and Paul Schrader. is a stupid. insen-

sitive. boorlsh. brutal jock. He beats his wife.
threatens to kill his neighbor’s dog. and has
the table manners of a water buffalo. All he

SJQLGLLBBSJ'S

Baekneads Takes A Familia

ack Roads is yet another attempt to
1% update the screwball comedies of

the 1930's. As a kind of poor
man's It Happened One Night. it works fairly
well. but the question of just how useful it is
to modernize this particular genre remains.

Mark Rossier

Every era produces its own unique
cultural climate. Screwball comedies like His
Girl Friday and Holiday are as deeply rooted
in the 30's as drug movies and acid rock are
in the '60's. During the 1970's. however.
Something happened. The era failed to pro
(lUCe anything more than a nostalgic looking
back; they may have been called
"homages" or "tributes." but the vast ma-
inrity of films. especially in the last half of the
decade. were nothing more than rcworkings
of previously successful formulas. Flush Gur-
don became Star Wars; Body and Soul was
bustardlzed into Rocky; and Dark Victory
was given new life as Love Story. Borrowing
from one's batters is not really such a terrible
thing. but in the 70's there was just so much
of it. lnventiveness has been replaced with
technical competence. We've gained
reliable, trained craftsmen. but the artists are
disappearing. The slick l-lollywuod movie
has returned with a vengeuce. leaving the
Smaller. more ambitious films to struggle for
three days in the decreasing number of art
theatres.

Back to the original point. screwball corn-
edles are a thing of the past. As a genre. their
Wll is too subtle and sophisticated to the peo-
ple filling Any Which Way You Can or even
9to 5 (this is not to say they woudn't unders—
tand it. they just don't Want it) and their sex-
ual ethics are foo out olfudate to be acC‘ZPlEd

‘ ' in. I

 

than enough to be repelled by it. Why he
does these things is never clear.

Jake LaMotta was a technical consultant
on Raging Bull. which is based on his own
autobiography. One wonders at the man
who would assist in creating such an unflat-
tering portrait of himself. and then revel in
the publicity from it. in the film. he is shown

as realistic for anyone except the Osmond
clan. Bringing Up Baby and other films of
that type hold up well. but only because we
View them as artifacts from the past. We
don't accept modern people in the same
situations. The people behind Back Roads
seem only partly aware of this.

Let me say at this point that i really have

   
   

nothing og
got a few good laughs. but there are a lot of
things in it that just don’t work Director Mars
:in Ritt and writer Gary DeVore try to be
modern about the proceedings. but the
moderness is contradictory. They try to be
sexually open by having the heroine a
hooker and the hero a john. but once their
relationship becomes personal rather than
professional. it becomes sexually am-
btguous; we're never sure if they do anything
after that first time or not.

Even the casting of Sally Field as the pro-
sfltute is less daring than it would seem. Yes.

.. ..t . ADllI it.

.. 4...»...  ......._.. . ~-—~ » ~.,..~.....a... . ..........-

The lady to a tram Taming Lee Jones and Sally Field In Back [[09de
aiust this mov i had un at it. ie can ave a etter le. ncl enty. tie

ear-nae '11:... ‘ ‘ ‘  " 

..,..._............, ., 5   n  . k- u
Baee'eutsrde the lung» ‘

'tn the ring. deliberately altering the facial
'[structure of an'opponent whom his wife said
was good-looking. (Though l should men--
ltlon that opening night. a man sitting a few
rows in front of mo cheered the sequence,
oblivious to the horror.)

This Is an excellent film though. For all its
ugliness. Raging Bull is a powerful. relentless
drama which doesn't give the audience a
moment to breathe. The intensity transcends
the ring. and steps into the living room. the
bedroom. This Is a film by. for. and about
rage. and few films could equal Its sheer
emotional drive.

The critical community has spent a lot of
time talking about the boxing sequences.
and rightly so. because this is where LaMotta
comes alive. where he breathes. Scorcese
has created the most violent boxing scenes
ever. deliberately ovurplaytng them. so as to
deprive them of rrll glamour:
Cinematographer Michael Chapman's often
handheld camera is in the ring. moving.
Rather than using an objective documen-
tarian approach. Scorcese puts the audience
on both the receiving and giving end of the
punches. The action is fast. punctuated with
high-impact. slow motion close-ups of
blowa. Even the most jaded viewer is apt to
flinch. _

In the original version of Taxi Driver which
was never released. Scorcese was said to
have such close'ups cut into that film's
climactic gunfight. which. as it was. was
some of the most gruesome violence ever
filmed. Those close-ups Scorcese deleted to
avoid an X rating. Film buffs can wonder if
Raging Bull's style is more what Scorcese
had in mind then. There are other stylistic
silniluritiL-s between tht' lulu films which rllltl
the argument — one of them being a long.
slow pan along the ropes of a boxing ring to
a dripping smear of blood. which remains at
the side of the frame. oddly asymmetrical. it
brings to mind the long, slow. wide—angle
dolly shots of the blood—stained hallways at
the end of Taxi Driver. And there's the
paranoid. explosive mentalitles of the films'

she does come on to men; yes. she does
wear sleazy clothes; and yes, she is raunchier
than we're used to seeing her. However. she
is still the hooker with the heart of gold. She
does what she does because she has to. not
because she wants to. She has dreams of
greater things. or at least a better life. and
she loved her son enough to give him up so

it“..th

scene between Field and Barbara Babcock as
the boy's adopted mother is probably the
best in the film.)

Tommy Lee Jones plays a loner—boxer
who takes dives and professes to be of com
Initmcnts. Of course. nothing could be fry I
ther from the truth and he is desperately
looklrrg for someone to share his life with.
Like her, he has his dreams. and when they
get together. they decide to head for Califor—
nia to fulfill them.

The problem with the film is that it asks us
to ignore everything about th'e'characters

I'L) L'L'V-J ticc't' '.t.r‘ 't' 'riuiliti't it 4| it

‘~‘--.- .....r ._.. .. ..u. M... . .n

“as...” .... .../.n ‘4' Mann—.0. .. “son—‘v-G .s

: more]

protagonists. both played with manic-fervor
by DeNlro. in both films, Scorcese cuts to
slow motion at odd times - in Taxi Driver to
show‘the world moving outside of the mind
of his disturbed main character. In Raging
Bull.» though. his purpose "is less clear.
though visually the effect Is even more
compelling. .

'Vlsually and dramatically. Raging Bull is
one of the most powerful and interesting

- films to come out of 1980. a year which with

    

a few notable exceptions most film-goers
should be happy to forget. The film ls
enigmatic. explains nothing. but leaves the
viewer Wondering what he/she was suppos-
ed to get out of it. Certainly it's a fascrnatino
exploration of violence. lt's brilliant on that
level alone. But there's the unanswered
question of whether or not we're to see a
redemption of the "hero" at the end. He
seems to have gained a little insight. whether
or not we have. But at the end of the film.
watching LaMotta psychlng himself to go on
stage doing his old boxing exercises. it's clear
we haven't seen Just another boxing movie. .

I’ ROIICG

(that makes them interesting and consider
them to be “just plain folks." Field and Jones
may dream of being like everyone else. but
they haven't done it yet. So it seems useless
to ask us to think they huve.

Another troubling aspect of Back Roads is
its optimistic ending. Obviously. in this kind
of movie the hero and heroine have to wind
up together at the end. if they don‘t. there
would be no point to the movie. but here
DeVore goes one step too far. He not only
has them get together, he tells us they'll
realize their dreams and live happily ever
after; he doesn‘t imply this. he tells us
straight out. I have no doubt that these two
might be happy with each other for a fair
share of their lives. but considering that their
dreams are barely defined. it's hard for us to
believe they‘ll come true just by their moving
to California. Both characters are what might
be termed "unskilled laborers" and i doubt
the job market for them is better on the West
Coast than it is anywhere else.All we want
from movies like this is for the lovers to be
with each other at the end. DeVore could
have given us that easily. without straining
credibility by making their lives perfect.

As i said before. Back Roads is not a bad
movie. Much of it is funny. and Field and
Jones are both good enough actors and
charming enough personalities to carry the
project on charisma alone. DeVore unsuc-
cessfully tries to introduce some weighty
drama towards the end. but even this isn't lr-
rltating enough to completely ruin the film.
What ultimately hurts Back Roads is not Its
attempt to update a dead genre. or its sappy
ending. or its unformed characters. but the
fact that we've seen it all too many times
before. " u -~ a...
tili"tlv'l IIIH

~-.Irtr‘ IIL’l

 

 

:1
- i.

