- Would 'cApstrtcs

 

Reagan Begins. Cutbacks

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President Reagan. saying
there has to be “a change in direction” in the country
announced Thursday he is abolishing the Council on
Wage and Price Stability and prohibiting federal agen-
cies fromt'mplemcnting new regulations for 60 days. In
an opening statement at his fi'rst news conference since
taking office. Reagan said the Council on Wage and
Price stability. which administered the Carter ad-
ministration's anti-inflation program “has been totally
ineffective In controlling inﬂation and has imposed un-
necessary burdens on labor and business." As for
budget cuts. Reagan said no area of government will be
exempt and he added that “the time has come wltcre
there has to be a change in direction in this country. We
have lived beyond our means." he said. “We must gain
control of this inﬂationary monster." On lran. Reagan
said “I’m certainly not thinking of revenge." The presi-
dent said he expects tlte United States will honor the
agreements tltat led to release of the U.S. hostages. A
day after his secretary of state sottrtded a new hard line
toward the Soviet Union. Reagan said that “so far.
detente has been a one way street that the Soviet Union
has used for its own ends." As for his own view of
Soviet intent. Reagan said. I‘I know of no leader of the
Soviet Union since the revolution, including the present
Ieadersltip. that ltas not repeated more than ortce . . .
tltat tlteir goal ttttrst be world domirtation.”

U.S. Limits Arms to Iran

WASHINGTON l).(f. (AP) The Reagan administra-
tiott. still suspi ous of ban. will not deliver tttorc than
$450 million in U.S. military eqtriprtrettt pttrcltased by
the government of tlte latc shalt. Secretary of State Alex-
ander M. llaig says. Although Iran‘s revolutionary
government Itas not reqttestcd delivery of the cqnip«
mcnt. I-laig rrradc ‘ c ' Wednesday that tltc United
States had tto intention of honoring that ptrrclrase agree.
them even if Iran asks for the goods attd will Rot enter
into arty future contracts for militt y equipment with
iran. t'l‘cj rpcwstatue ct cgorieally today there will be rto
"lift-lat)"t‘tﬂtiplilt‘ttl prr't'virte‘tt to the govern'rtient of trait:
either rrrtdcr earlier obligations and corttractrral ar-
rangements. or :ts yet trrtstrrted requests.“ he said. Ilaig
said the United States rtrigltt try to sell the tttilitary
equipment —- mostly spare parts for U.S.-built jcl
fighters. trrttks. ltelicoptets and other w-apons —
elsewhere and reimburse Iran for the cash \alue of the
parts. Irt a telephone irttcrview Wednesday rtigltt with
Alit' News. furrrter Irani'rn Foreign Minister Sadcglt
(ilrotb/adeb called the US. posttrrc “a wry wrottg atttl
unwise decision at this time becatrsc . . . there are some
forces trying to cltatrgc the entire weaponry system of
Iran." A State Deprrttrttcttt official sard tltc issue of
military equipment. for which lt'tttt paid $457 rrtilliort.
was rtot rarscd during the fitral negotiations that led to
release of the 52 American hostages.

Junta Critic Abducted

NI‘.“ \‘()RI\ (AP) A top Salvadoran Itrrrrutrt rigltts of-
ficial rtray hate been abducted and possibly slaitt
because of comments he tnade in a television documen-
tary shown irt tltc llrtited States. a prodrrccr says. Victor
Mcdrarto. director of the Salyrtdot'an lltrrttnrr Rigltts
Comrrtission. was abdtteted Monday on his way to work
and ltas rtot bccrt seen sirtcc. according to a cornnti sion
spokesman. Mcdrano was the most outspoken critic of
the Salvadoran jtrnta irr a Public Broadcastirtg Scryicc
documentary entitled “lil Salvador — Another Viet»
tram?“ “it’s pretty obviotrs to trs that somebody was
monitorirtg the filrtt for the Salvadoran jrrrtta. artd that
Mcdrano was targeted because of his statements." PBS
producer (ilcnn Silber said Wednesday.

Oil Central Lifted

NEW YORK. N.V. (AP) Arttericarts cotrld lte paying rt
dime a gallon rttorc for gasoline attd ltcatirrg oil as a
rcsttlt of President Reagan's dccisiort to abandon price
controls on the nation's oil strpply. industry analysts attd
government officials say. Bttt tltc'movc should also help
the United States cortscrve oil. spark increased domestic
production artd reduce the irttpurts that now provide
nearly 40 percent of the country‘s petroletutt rteeds. they
said. Shortly after the decision was announced. Exxon
('otp. said that. effective today. it is raising wlrolesalt
pr iccs of gasoline 2 cents to 3 cents a gallop artd increas-
in]; those for horrre heating oil and diesel and jet fuel LE
cents to .‘tccuts a gallon. However, a spokesman for Iix-

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

son. the patron“. largest oil company, said the increase.
which can be passed on by retailers. reflected past crtrde
or! tour rrrt rcrt .w. .rtttl was not sparked by Rcagan‘suc-

tion. Reagan decided Wednesday to lift controls eight .
months before they were due to expire. President Carter
began lifting the controls In June I979. and industry
spokesmen estimated that only 20-25 percent of
America's crude oil remained under control by Wednes-
day.’ U.S. fuel use already has dropped sharply after
more than two years of sharp price increases, and
Energy Secretary James Edwards said the early lifting of
petroleum regulations would cut consumption 50,000 to
I00,000 barrels a day more —- or as much as 0.5 percent.
The expected drop in consumption “will take some
pressure off world oil markets.” said Daniel Yergin.
director of the International Energy Seminar at Harvard
University‘s Center for international Affairs. “The war
still goes on between Iran and Iraq." cutting off 3
million to 4 million barrels of oil exports a day. "and
there's still the threat of a tightening in oil supplies by
spring or summer." Yergin said. The precise effect of
decontrol on prices was not known. Standard Oil Co.
Ohio said “the near-term impact on the consumer could
be an increase of 7 to to cents per gallon" in the prices
consumers pay for fuels. However. Edwards said
motorists may pay 3-5 cents a gallon more for gasoline
and the impact on home heating oil prices would be
negligible. if any.

Peru and Ecuador Clash

 

LIMA. Peru (AP) An old disprrtc bctwccrt Peru artd
Ecuador over access to the Anta/on Rivet erupted in
bloody border fighting betwcert the two South Arncricart
neighbors. Ecuador said two of its soldiers were killed
artd others injured during eight air attacks by Peruvian
helicopters attd planes on a remote border post Wednes-
day. It claittted two of the helicopters were sltot dowrt
and accused Pcrtr of trespassing on [Ecuadorean ter-
ritory. Pertt annotrrtccd it was conducting a military
operation to drive Ecuadorean forces from its territory.
It said both countr‘i suffered casualties btrt did rtot say
wltcllter any Perttviarts were killed. The political corn-
tttiltee of the Organi/ation of American States Itcld an
emergency meetingI irt Washington and urged the two
countries to let all international commission try to
resolve the disprrtc. l'-'.cuador agreed. btrt Peru did not
respond irrrrncdiately. Although border incidcttls in the
region are commonplace. it was the rrtost violent conflict
since I978. wltcn two Pcruyiatrs were killed itt figlrtirtg.
The region is 170 tnilcs south of Quito. I-Zcuatlor‘s
capital. artd 785 miles north ofAI.irna. Possession of it
would giyc iicuador access to the blaranort River. which
a few rttiles dowrtstrcanr‘etttfttics irtto the Autumn.

 

 

 

Israel Counters Attack

SIDON. Lebanon (AP) Israeli jets attacked ’rrlcstinc
guerrilla bases irr southern Lebanon 'l'lrursday for tire
first time this year to avenge a Palestinian rocket attack
on art Israeli border towrt. in .lerrtsalcrrr. art lsraeli
defense official citcd US. President R -agart's statement
that tcrrorisrtt should be dealt with sniltly artd rrrtc-
quiyocally.” The Israeli warplanes struck at targets
across southern Lebanon hours after Lebanese-based
Palestinians wounded seycrt Israelis irt Kiry’at Slrrnona

with a barrage of Soviet-made katyusha rockets.
Lebanese and Palestinian officials said four Palestinian
guerrillas and to Lebanese villagers were killed by the air
raids and 30 - people were wounded. The Israeli
warplanes roared in from the- Mediterranean Sea to hit
targets near the port cities of Sidon and Tyre. the coastal
town of Zaharani and the market town of Nabatiyctr.
about 12 miles inland. U.S. Ambassador John Gunther
Dean visited the town a few hours before the raid to pre-
sent U.S. aid to a Lebanese nursing school but had
returned to Beirut before the attack. lsrael’s high corn-
ntand said the raids were directed at Palestinian guerrilla
strongholds. Deputy Defense Minister Mordcehai Zip-
pori told Israeli Radio in Jerusalenr that the rocket at-
tack on Kiryat Shonrona was "barbaric."

 

Poland to Stem Strikes

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Both the government arid
moderate leaders of Poland's independent labor ntovc.
rttent sought today to stem a growing rash of wildcat
strikes taking millions of workers front their jobs artd
raising new fears of Soviet intervention. The govern.
ment sent a negotiating delegation to one major center
of labor unrest, the southeastern city of R7esmw, wlterc
sortie 300 peasants and workers have been occupying the
official trade union's former headquarters since Jan. 3
demanding talks on the delay in granting a charter to an
independent farrners' ttrtion and other grievances. A
union leader itt Riesrow said Lech Walcsa, the national
chief of Solidarity. artd the other to members of the big
independent labor l'ederatiort‘s presidiurn would
negotiate for the peasants and workers while Stanislaw
Ciosck. the tninistcr of trade ttrtion s headed the
government teartt. Local laltor leaders called a general
strike Wednesday irt the R/es/ow artd nearby .Iaroslow
areas. and Warsaw Radio said millions of workers there
artd elsewhere stayed off the jobs. With the wildcat
strikes threatening to get ortt of control. Walcsa artd
other rttoderatc solidarity leaders lattrtclted a two-prong
carttpaigrt to try to regain control.

Reagan Trains Troops

WASHINGTON. l).(‘. (AP) Training and planning for
U.S. anti-terrorist troops who might be trsed to back up
President Reagan's pledge of quick rctaliatiort itt ftttttrc
hostage crises ltas intensified under a program revamped
after last year‘s disastrous Iran rescue mission. defertsc
officials say. Frequent exercises ltave been held irt strict
secrecy. artd dcfcttsc officials refuse to provide arty
specifics. evccpt to srty anti-terrorist units are drawn
front all U.S. tttilitary services. Irt welcornittg Iltc frccd
hostages front lratt on Tuesday. Reagatt said. “Our
policy will be swift atrd effective retribution" if ter-
rorists ever again ovcrrtrn a U.S. embassy or otherwise
endanger Americans abroad. Asked at a Senate Armed
Services Committee hearing Wednesday about U.S.
ability to back up R " 'an's pledge. Defense Secretary
Caspar W. Weinberch said. “\Vc are developing — attd
l bclic\c ltavc r 'ady at this poirtt —— some forces tltat
cottld respond irttrttediately . . . I tltirtk we're well cm—
bnrkcd along that road. We Itavc rttorc than I thought
we had. and ive will continue to develop it.”

1‘:

 

 

 

 

 

 

CAMpus Bnicfs

 

 

Telethon Presents Concert

'I‘elethon 'XI is presenting a pop/rock concert at
SUNYA‘s Performing Arts ('enter to benefit Park-
litttsl (‘Irildrcrt‘s Shelter or Schenectady artd the new
York Special ()lyrttpics. Area It).

The concert will feature pianist Vincent Marlotti play-
ing or’ ' tal corttposirruns artd Dcnn Brown‘s .la/I Band.
which has performed |1rc\iott.slyitl SUNYA‘s llAP Day.
as well as otltcr trniyersity and community cvcttts.

The concert will be held Saturday. February 7th at It
pm. in tile main thcurer ot SUNYA‘s Performing Arts
Center. Tickets are on sale through February 7th at tltc
I’At' boy office. Admission price is $3 getteral admis-
sion. and $2 \\lllI student Ll).

New Exhibits in Gallery

llrc University at Albany Art (iallety is e\hiltitirtg

 

works by two local artists. sculptor Robert Blood of

Scltcrrcctady. and pairtter litlrcl Magafrrrt of Woodstock.
lrt additiurr. the Art tirrllcry is showing tltc 13th artrrrral
student cslribition. which features I03 works by 5%
SUNYA students registered during tltc Fall term.

The shows will rtnr trrtlil l-‘ebr nut) 27. The Art (iallery
is open ‘) am. to .5 p.nr.. I'ttcsday to l-riday. Thursday
evening rrrttil ti p.rn.. rrnd t to 4 pm. on weekends. It is
closed Mondays.

Advisors Need Letters

The following persons hayc been rtorttittntcd for the
l9lll President's Award for livccllcncc irt Advising:
It‘trcnlly Advisors
Royartn Blodgert ('I‘cacher‘s lid.)

Raymond l-‘orcr (Sociology)
Richard littuser (Bio)

' I-Zdwirt Reilly t('orrtptttcr Sci.)

I 'an Srecrr (l listory)
I-‘ull-timc Advisurs
Richard (‘ollicr ((‘lllit
('arlos (‘uprill (POP)
.loltrt Letato (Business)
The Adyisernerrt Award (‘orrtmittee irtvitcs strrdcrtt in»
ptrt on these nominees. Please settd letters by Monday.
February to to Raymond Bertesort. Physics flit).

Jazz It Up for Easter Seals

'l‘bc liastcr Scztl Society and Capital District .ltt/l
Socic y will present an after noon festit al ol ja/r on Surr-
day. l-cbrrrary it at 2:00 p.rrr. at the Srrttyzr I’crl‘urrrrirry
Arts (‘entcrx l-' 'ttlttlt'tl performers include Skip Parsotrs'
Riyerboat .la/l Btrrtd. the SUNYA .la/r linsctttblc and
special guest. Terri l-r.tncis. a jtl/l. pop artd bltres
\ocalist. who Itas performed throughout the Urrired’
States artd abroad.

The concert will he followed by a wine artd cheese par-
ty which is included in the $6.00 donated adrtrission.
Proceeds will benefit liaster Seals Stroke Clubs which
prmitle social. emotional and recreational srrpport to
pcrsotrs disabled by it stroke.

I‘or' cottcctt irtforrttatiorr artd tickets. call liaster Seals
at 434410.). Tickets can also be purchased at the door

 

artd at‘all record town stores. ‘

 

 

...—- m" ‘

January 30. 198]

Albany Student Press

Women’s Safety Issue Studied

by Sylvia Saunders

Requests for increased women’s
safety measures have bectt made for
the I9tlI-82. budget by the Pres-
dent's Task Force to Finance and
Business Vice President .lolttt Har-
tigan.

Last year the Task Force received
$lt).500 for emergency telephones.
$2.000 for tltc cost of tire Commis-
sion. and $5.000 for Sltrdertt

’atrol. This year the Task Force re-
quested approximately twice that
amount.

"We don‘t expect to get
everything we requested." Task
Force secretary Eugene Gilchrist
said. “There just isn't ettotrglt
money to go around. Obviously
some of the requests are rttore im-
portant tltarr others. We decided to
prioriti/c for tltcrrt.

Gilchrist divided the three-page
recommendation to Hartigan. irtto
tltrec categories to highlight the im-
portnttt needs as determined itt last
month's Task Force Mectirtg.

One of the highest priorities was

art additional erttergcrtey phone.
costing $I.I7S. itt the liawlcy park-
rng lot on the Draper campus. This
additional emergency phone. in-
tertded for tire exterior grounds of
tire parking lot. would provide
coverage in areas on Robin Street.

irt addition, a request for $7,900
to support the present emergency
telephone systcrtt was rtrade. They
also asked for to self-defense
workshops and new student sccnritv
patrol uniforms. '

The single most expensive request
was for $I3.650 to pay the salary of
a guard to provide coverage in and
around tltc women's locker roottt.
Gilchrist said that despite renova-
tions made irt the l980-8I fiscal
y 'ar. there is still a safety problertt
irt tltc area.

Although the cost has trot been
determined. the Task Force also
proposed locks for tire Altrrnrti
Quad bathrooms which cottld he
opened with front door keys. Com-
plaints have been issued that rtterr

Itave been seen in women‘s shower
artd lavatory facilities.

Under a “highly recommended"
category. the Task Force suggested
doubling. the Student Sedirrity
’atrol frortt 25 to 50 students.
Public Safety Dir ctor
.lohn l-Icnigahn said this action
would provide for a patrol trnit on
each quad. on the academic poditrrtt
artd on the Draper contplev seven
nights a week. The $5.000 request
would provide for additional .slu—
dettt sttperyisors.

Lesser priority iterrts requested

irtcltrde additional etttergcncy
telephones costing $3.525. a nine-
week self-defense course and lock
installment irt lttsatorics artd
showers on Colonial attd Irtdiarr
Quads.
"We requested everything we felt
\‘as rtecessrrry for women's safety
on campus. (iilcht'ist said. “Nun
we‘ll jrrst Itave to wait artd see,"

Allocations for the entire campus
will be establisltcd on April I. he
said .

?
Z.

SUNY Holiday Mandate Lifted

by Bruce W. Fox

The rttandatc rcquirirtg SUNY
schools to suspend classes durirtg
Jewish ltiglt holidays was lifted by
the SUNY Board of Trustees this
week. Observance of Jewish
ltolidays will now be left tip to in-
dividrral carttpuses.

SASU President Jim Stern ex-
pre cd concern that "colleges will
ignore the holidays without a man-
date." He votcd against lifting the

 

mandate on the grounds that "the
prescttt system works."

Stertt was the only rrterttber of the
board who voted against the
measure. Ilowcvcr. Itc does not
believe the trustees were expressing
anti-semitisnt.

SUNYA administrator l-‘red
Volkwcin said the new SUNY
policy will rtot effect SUNYA.

“We will continue to suspend
classes on the ltiglt holidays for the
very reason that we ltave sttclt a

 

 

The popular tsutcr-lypt- u ‘ _ L .s

 

r
i

 

New rlrv t’llt'llllt‘tl/ t'\‘/t/lL‘Iti\/tt'l‘\ rl/‘t‘ more r'r'r'surrlr'.

large .Iewish student population.“
lte .said.

Still. Volkwuin termed the new
SUNY policy a “positive step." He
said it it "ridiculous" for SUNY
schools willr few Jewish students to
be forced to give the day off.

SASU President Stern indicated
that there may be confrontations at
SUNYA Buffalo and a few other

V campuses as a result of this rtcw

policy.

by Kurt Schuukenlterg

 

cscnt.“

Students Give Thanks
. After Return of Hostages

In resportse to President Ronald Reagan's call fora national day of
Iltanksgiting. the Chapel Ilottse interface Cettter held a com-
rrtcmorutiye service yesterday for the former hostages.

A small crowd gathered at noon irt the cold attd snow to ltcar
speakers Lyn Light of Jewish students ('oalilion-l'lillcl (.ISC). Vice-
President of Business atrd I-‘irtrurcc John llartigarr. (‘errtral ( onttcil '
(‘Itrrir Peter \Vcirrstock. Retcrcnd Ilill Ryan. rrttd Sister Danielle lionet-
ti offer tlratrks for the safe return of the hostages. Guitarists John
Lawrence artd l-‘rnrtk Vo/m. nrtd SUNYA's Pep Band provided music.

Many strrdettts had miscd reactions to the ltostagc crisis. “Over I44
days my leelings bate changed." said Lisa (Yohen of .IS(.‘. "I tlrirtk the
whole homecoming lras been overplayed. bill I see it as good for
America‘s ego ~ however irttpottarrt that is.“

Another student. Doug (iessncr. felt the Iranian situation ltad ttot
yct been resulted. “Something will have to be dotte to end the Irani-
ltaqi war. We will have to t'csol\c orrr differences with Iran. one of the
most powerful democracies itt the Middle East attd a nation with a
border on the USSR." (iessner said.

Amid tltc blrtre of trtrtttpcts and the waving of flags. guitarist
Lawrence declared. “I artr very proud of this scltool for doing
something. We are going to irate to answer questions for our grand-
children. atrd it is irtrportnrtt that SUNYA is recogni/ing this irttportattt

photo: Alan I atrtn

 

 

148 New Extinguishers Installed

by Bruce .I. Lieber

During tlte winter recess. I48 dry
chemical fire extinguishers were irr-
stalled .u the trptowrt dorms to sup-
plerttcrtt the water—type es-
tinguisltcrs already in use. accor-
ding to Public Sal'er Assistant
Director Karl Scltrnl.

The ABC class cstirtguishers were
placed itr lobbies artd corridors of
the uptown low rises. the quad
towers were cqttippcd the previous
summer.

The dry chemical estinguislters.
which cart fight flarnrttable liquid.
electrical. or combustible fires. are

 

1 nrout, rtr nus

 

L”"“"""_"'T::

_____._._.— .-——

Direct Ring-Dom Phones to SUNY Public Safety

TO BE USED FDR EMERIISNCIES WI'iIth COMPLEX

 

J. PHONE IN HAWLIIV BAEIMRNT
J l‘llttNE WTGIDE 1172 DMPER
TED BASEMENT EV KUMOUM

MH____ “MW—~—

 

ntore \etsrrtile than water-type ey-
rirreuishcrs which ortlv fight corn-
l‘rrtsliltlc (wood and paper) fires.
Scharl said.

The acadcrrric podiutn relics
mainly on the water-type c\—
tingrrislrcrs. although tltc 'AB(' class
extinguishers are installed ill the
Chemistry. Biology. Pltysics. attd
ljurth Science buildings.

“The dry chemical extinguishers
are now rtccded irt the dormitories
due to the ever increasing number
of electrical devices being used by
students.“ Scharl said.

by Sylvia Saunders

Three emergency pltortcs have
been added on the Draper campus
to provide a direct lirte to SUNYA
police uptown. according to l’ittgene
Gilchrist. secretary of the Presi-
dent's Task Force on Safety.

The phones are designed to pro-
vide immediate contact with univer-
sin and rrrurticipal emergency ser-
vices. When Ilrc receiver is picked
up the police telcpltrtrtc on the other
end rings automatically. The
Draper telephones ring at tltc ('in
of Albany Police and l’irc Depart-
rrrerrts.

The lclcpltortcs. which were irr-
stullcd during interscssion. are
located ill the tnairt corridor of
Draper Ilall. ittside Ilawley and lit
the basement trrrrrtcl of Richardson.

The locations of the phones were
suggested by the recently formed
rlowrrtotvrr campus women's group
in response to sew r.rl .utuck. last
semester.

'I he I)r.-partrncnt of Public Safety r

is aware lllttl sorttc appliances. such
as toaster orens. are prohibited in
the dorms artd has lteld a seminar
last fall to instruct Dorrtr Directors
and Residcncc Assistants on fire
safety. "I lowmer." Scltarl said. “it
is lltc residence stafl 's rcspotrsrbilitt
to remove lllL al appliances from
studcrtt rooms." The Department
will only enter roorrts when asked
by orerrtbers of tire residence staff.

According to Scharl. the
dowrriuwn dorms will l‘e equipped
with the dry chemical c\|ingttisltct's
either tltis fall or surrrrtter.

 Three Safety Phones Added

There are pr sently rtirte other
similar phones scattered across the
campus itt main areas of traffic.
They were installed last fall “on
paths people especially use at
night." These include tltc parking
lots. the circle. the gym. tltc lake
trcrtr the tennis courts. Perirtteter
Road artd Fuller Road.

“Now we just have to make peo-
ple aware of the different locations
of the phones before an emergency
occurs." (iilcht‘ist said.

“People just aren't aware they
are there." ltc added. “People are
getting ttscd to tlrerrt becrrttsc the
newness is wearing off. They're just
rtot visible enough. There are so
rttatty light bulbs around campus
that it‘s hard to tell them apart."

Assistant Ptrblic Safety Director
John licrtiglrarr said visibility is also
limited due to electrical problems.
As the “blue light" bulbs quickly
blew out. they were replaced by or.

continued on page so
.

    
    

 

 

 

 

