 

“ma‘utmu'tmu: «:g .a .m‘. t;,llJ-.

 

w-‘n- a. .

 

 

w-w.

mm

W.

. make you angry. When i first
became aware of the informa-

eghe purpose of- this article. is to

I tion i am about to present. i ran the
emotional gamut from surprise. to
anger. and finally to a determination to
express my views. i hope that in reading
this article. you also will find cause for
consternatio .

Jane Dirks Cimino

women in our culture has seriously af-
fected our scientific body of knowledge
about the world. By "invisibility" i mean
“lack of knowledge about" — women
simply have been ignored in most scien-
tific investigation. When studied at all.4
the issue of "women" has been plucked
from its context and formalized
“women's studies." and then all the rest
of the "studies" —— about men. The
generic “man” is not as generic as it's
purported to be: "man" means man.

When we take a science class. either
"natural" or “social.” we assume that
what we will hear there will be. if not
“the truth." at least information that has
been obtained "scientifically" — em-
pirically and objectively. We don 't
assume that what we will hear will be of
the same genre as a newspaper editorial
or advice from Dear Abby. But in fact. it
is the case that much of what we hear in

class comes from just such subjective
sources. Scientists. in their quest for
answers. are a product of the same
cultural and social pressures and stric-
tures as are Abby and the newspaper
editor —’~ and you and l. for that matter.
A“ of us are inﬂuenced. characterized.
and_\u a \arge exterﬂ deﬁned \n) the
culture in which we are raised and in
teraci. And that culture. th/s culture.
contains a pervasive. thoroughgoing
devaluation of Women.

This invisibility of women in our
culture has led. inevitably. to a bias in
scientific theory. in all ij-jds. Sdenusts
have traditionally been men. but what
women there were. were also subject to
this bias as members of a scientific tradi-

 

tion. The idea that women don't do .

anything important has profoundly af-
fected what questions scientists have
chosen to ask. This in turn has
stimulated research and brought
answers only in certain areas and for
certain reasons. all of which neglect in
some way the impact and reality of over
one-half of the population. And these
incomplete. slanted or downright er-
roneous answers are'what we read in
our textbooks and listen to in our lec-
tures.

By now you may be thinking. “My
lectures sound okay to me. l'm aWare of
a bias against women in our society. but
what has that got to do with my Chem.
lab?" l'll admit. the evidence is much
more obvious in the so-called
behavioral sciences. Psychology.
sociology. anthropology. history —— all
of these fields look at how people
(mostly men) act. think. and believe..
and thus their methods must be. to
some extent. “‘in‘exact." Bias in the
"hard" sciences may be less readily ap-
parent. but cultural ianUence on the
scientist is no less operativa whether
(s)he is investigating the function of an

 

 ’ Has‘The‘Acodemic World Ignore

  

“Ith

troduction to Women. Culture, and.

Society. Rosaldo and Lamphere ad-
dress the issue of bias in the field of an—
thropology: anthropologists in
writing about human culture have
followed in our own culture's ideological
bias in treating women as relatively in-
visible and describing what are largely
the activities and interests of men."
They stress that to correct such an in-
adequate perspective. a new theoretical
outlook must be formulated which ad-
dresses the fact that “the social World is
the creation of both male and female ac.
tors." Other anthropologists have begun
to deal with this issue. raising questions
about the gaps that exist in our, inter-
pretation and understanding of other

t1e_oretic
disinterest in Women. S. Slocum. one of
these innovative anthropologists. has
emphasized that the traditional impor-
tance of "man the hunter" in human
evolution may be a misconception bas‘
ed on our own culture's assumption that
men do the things that are important
and the hold society together. She br—
ings forth convincing evidence that
"Woman the gatherer" may instead
have been a primary impetus for the
step from non-human to human. An-
thropology. with its holistic and cross-
cuitural approach. has for most of its
history. ignored the impact of Women
on society. and we as students stand to
lose much by incorporating such a
skewed perspective into our understan-
ding of the world.
Sociology and history are tWo more
areas 1 investigated. looking for bias
against Women. | was'not disappointed

   
  
   

stated that the journal editors “expected
that if you do a study of class con-
sciousness. you study men." The
reviewers commented/that when study-
ing women. he should focus on such
issues as fertility. childbearing. or family
problems. Class consciousness of
women just wasn‘t a “legitimate con—
cern." Decisions such as these on the
part of editors and reviewers obviously
affect what sort of information will be
made available to the scientific com-
munity and the public. and ultimately.
us as students.

in the field of history. my conversa-
tion with Dr. Barker-Benfield of the
SUNY History Department proved
equally revea

I I

. A scholar who is ac-
, .

 

h .
tive y invo ve in investigating an pu -

ting to rights the position of Women in
history. Dr. Barker-Beniteld had scores
of examples of the historical invisibility
of women. An example that has par-
ticular significance for the student is the
recently published (1977) textbook The
Great Republic. This book. written by
“the most prestigious historians in the
field" and Widely used. contains less
than 50 pages. out of a total 1.267. that
deal with female contributions to
history._ Many of these references to
women concern "legitimate" female
issues such as childbearing and family
life. and names of remarkable wotnen
such as Elizabeth Cady Stanton and
Susan B. Anthony are merely listed.
Still unconvinced? My final bit of
evidence comes from two journal ar-
ticles in a 1973 edition of the American
Journal 0/ Sociology. The first one. in-

d ~W0'men?

biological factor in women is the urge oi
motherhood. balanced by the fact that
sexual pleasure is entirely secondary in-
even absent." Other information made
available to the aspiring gynecologists of
that day concerns the “universal frigidt-
ty" of women. who should be advtgmj
to fake orgasm. for the benefit of (hut,
husbands' “infinite appetite and mde
ty for intercourse." Well. that Wits tlu.
[are-enlightened ‘40's. right? Now tit.”
well—documented and publicized so},
research on Women had been (ltml'.
textbooks written in the ‘60‘s and '7it‘.
should reflect something a bit closer in
“scientific evidence." However. Ilw ltt'\'.‘
data from Kinsey and Masters .nni
Johnson was used selectively, iti|tl
gynecology textbook information hm
consequently changed little. Act‘ttitlilt'i
to textbooks published in the ‘(tit's .tn.i
‘70'5. vaginal orgasm is still tint
“mature” response. dominance int-i
Women is the motivating desire behind
the male sex drive (still the rittl\,‘ nnw
presumed to exist). and the lht‘ri' (it
feminine personality is “non twin».
masochism and passivity " A (tour.
from a textbook published in i‘lm
typifies the overriding paternalism .r
condescension with which gynumlt o: i
are taught to regard their patients 'it
like all human beings. he iilw
gynecologist) is made in the immtw 
the Almighty. and if he is kind. thmi h

kindness and concern for his [trilnw'
i

may provide her with a gliinjw
God's image."

Sociology textbooks also jiit' w '
evidence of sex-biased information it i.
randomly selected ittlrridui' 
sociology texts. published
1966 and 1971. are reviewed in tin

lti‘l‘.i.~‘.:

cond article i looked at. “introdm rm

Students to W itnen's Place in Sui II"
As the title indicates. the author ‘
concerned with determining in.
women are portrayed to students lw ‘
presented with “facts” in an intro-in
tory sociology course. Again the
visibility of women in American am it 
is reflected in the texts: five out of it»
ten books contain no index referent w In
women whatsoever. Quoted Sitllt'tltt'lii-
range from blatantly authoritative: " the
husband and wife should follow tiiixir
tional roles — husband as provider. Wilt’
as homemaker." to subtly i,‘tiii.\lli‘l
“People do not expect a girl to be n i on
struction laborer. it just Wouldn't lw
right. Who would want to marry ll ltill
bricklayer?" The message Continues in
be: a “girl” Should appear as moi
“3995MB 35 possible Without or'tnollt.‘
becoming visible.

The conclusion to he reached from all
this — and the source of my anger I-v
that the devaluation of Women in llti‘v
society. as part of our overall (‘ttltmni
outlook. has undermined our scientiiu
objectivity. Our culture is proud of thw
idea that science is the nearest thing to a
“true picture of reality." but in furl. om
understanding of the world is constrain
ed by a pervasive sexual bias. St'lt'lill‘d -
in all fields have looked at. questioned.
and presented only half the pit'imt'.
minimizing or ignoring the position and
influence of Women. This is must ob
vious In social science. but. as can be
seen iii the application of natural

 

 

 

Day 1. 2 8L 3
e leave Albany at high noon.
We arrive at SUNY Bingham-
ton at 4:30 pm. There is not
much to look at here. being used to
sub-standard. lower class
neighborhoods. Yet there is a certain
appeal to tbevtown: “The Carlton" is a

downtown night spot which. loyal to
every American stereotype. has a disco

Sebastian Caldwell
Spaulding ltl

pit with rotating mirror ball and a stage
for rock and roll acts. A group playing
that evening had the startlingly accurate
name of “Big Edsel." Members con-
sisted of a drummer who was very
disinterested with the evening. a bass
player with a slack jaw and long blond
pony tail (all bass players such as these
are specially bred in a farm in Fort
Lauderdale alongside a sensimilla

 

    
 

patch). a keyboard player who walled
with two fingers for the instrumental
"Telstar" (Remember “Popcorn” by Hot
Butter). a lead guitar player who weigh-
ed three hundred pounds and liked to
smile a lot. and two lead singers who
couldn't have been more disimilar
(They looked like a pathetic. cross racial
Abbott and Costello.)

The place was finished in fine brick
with rich brick floors and handcrafted
stucco ceilings. add‘ng immeasurablyﬁto
.r .  _ ‘ v w

  
 
          

‘. H
the acoustics. The “disco pit was
:hronically unoccupied during the band
break. but was circumscribed by an
elevated viewing rail from which all
could Watch the brash few who dared to
disco.

On our trek back to campus we en-
countered the “OCC” bus service. You

 

from an evening out. the 12:00 am.
route was arbitrarily canceled. More ac-
curately the driver decided not to show
up. No one complained.

Buses at Binghamton are driven by
students. They sit behind the seats of

  

their delapiclated buses. clutching the
steering wheel with a death grip. darting
their eyes right to left in mortal fear of
hitting something or killing someone.
But. for their lack of experience. they
certainly make up for it in their attitude
towards students. I didn't see one stu-
dent passed by While standing. waving
the bus down. Although the buses are
infrequent and the vehicles are in poor
condition there are few complaints.
Perhaps because there is no symbol of
authority to curse at in the driver's seat.

Day 4-7

lililil Finally. at last. the Ivy
League! Cornell. “l-‘ar above

Cayuga's waters..." Big Red.
"l’litrvnrd. Yale. Ml’l' itll I't.’|t’('lt’(l me ——
Might as well go to Cornell." Yes. mast].
ed in the hills above lthaca. stands the
mighty symbol of megadollar educa-
tion.

Well. money isn't everything. it just
attracts a better class of people. This is
true of Cornell. The average salary of
parents of students is a comfortable
5590.000 and it shows. ' TransAm.
BMW. faces untouched by the ravages
of teenage acne. Unfortunately the
same money does not go into their off
campus housing.

My accomodations were locatedvat
the “Fall Creek House" which was a
typical small town bar with small town
clientele who are. through constant
genetic mutation and inbreeding. in-
capable of understanding anything
more complex than a cable television
control box. The timeless charm of the
working man.

Seated atop this bar with its inter-
minable drone of “Nine-to-Five" and
"Another one bites the dust. hey-hey-
hey!" is an apartment fit for rats and col-
lege students in that order. For a mere
$800 a month my friends get 7
bedrooms. a bathroom with plumbing
that cannot decide whether to go up or
down. a “furnished” livingroom with
ratty dacron Slipcovers worn to a thread
and a kitchen with decaying drawers
and weasel sized cupboards. Thankfully
i did notstay that long.

The day after my arrival (a sleepless
night courtesy of Pop-40 serenade). i
made my way up a 65 degree incline to
reach the main campus. Parting with

my friend I took the grand tour.

Beginning at the Northwestern end
there is a separate building for art
display. A beautiful building that puts
our grimy architecture to shame. inside
was a brilliant collection of l4th-l7th cen-'
tury Chinese pottery and paintings and

' Spent MySpring ~ ‘  9

students to make' direct lines to classes
and not a perpendicular. knee-scraping.

serpentine walk through the podium.
There was an on campus chapel with
stained glass. an underground
ygu could

 
   

imagine. including manufacturers sug-
gested retail prices. and Uris library with
closed stacks (No more swine stealing
the only copy of a book you need to
write a paper). ‘

Another feature that caught my atten-
tion was a dining facility open to
everyone at no extra meal card charge
(within the campus center). There was‘

also a pleasant retreat called the

"Commons Coffee House." open 8

am. to ll pm. with quiet folk music and
delicious fresh pastry. No burnt and
frozen egg rolls or oppressively loud
rock here.

Among other. less tangible things
were a sense of purpose. Cornell is not
a convenient way-station or an exten-
sion of your favorite Long island high
school. There was actually a Jitterbug
Club there. No great. meaningful
groups like Pre-l.aw society or Delta
Sigma Pi with their messages of
"Pragmatla ad infinitum." it is an institu-
tion where you begin to learn more
about yourself and your fellow man.
You think less about “i wonder If i can

get an entry-level. managerial position."

and more about hemanities. literature.
art. friendship and enjoying the ex-
perience of the total irresponsibility
that is college.

i was totally unprepared for one
aspect of Cornell. ECAC Hockey. it
seems that Cornell has a very fine
Hockey team with a (l8>9-l) record. it
also seems that the students there are
very supportive of their teams. Caught
up in that "esprit de corps” l accepted a
half-mad invitation to drive nonstop to
Boston to watch the Championship
tournament in the Boston Garden.

We arrived in Boston and immediate-
ly made our way to the sleazy

“downtown section which makes the

Boston Garden such a pleasant place to
visit. The opposition was Colgate
University. Although i didn’t attend
Cornell i found myself shouting along to
.the rhythm of the cowbell and
Washboard and screaming “Screw
B.U.. Colgate tool!" Of the seven or

Mr

and decided to celebrate. Canvassing
the neighborhood we happened upon
Quincy Market. a shining "example of
urban revitalization. (A deldpidated sec-
tion of the Boston fish market
warehouses were refurbished and
transformed Into shops. retaurants and
historical restorations.) They should do
the same to Central Avenue between
Lark and Partridge. r

Taking the Red Line to Cambridge to
Harvard Square we stopped in 33
Dunster Street. a popular college night
spot reminiscent of Central 8 at the cor-
ner of- Central and Lark. but with a little
more class.

The next afternoon we ventured fur-
ther west of Cambridge and came to
Steve's ice Cream with "the world's best
ice cream." Yes. it is. The hot fudge is
freshly made. not to mention the ice
cream made hourly in the front win-
dow. '

That evening. before the Champion-

   
   

ship game we had dinner at Joyce
Chen's. an authentic Chinese eatery at
302 Mass. Ave. 1 had an old favorite
Kung Piao Chi Ding which was hotter
than i had been accustomed to but
delicious none the less.

On to the Garden. Although the
crowd was Willing. Cornell still lost to
Providence College 8-4. With heavy
hearts we sought out a convenient bar;
again in Quincy Market: Durgin Park.
"established before you were born.”

in the morning we return to the
art of the bourgeoisie:

   
  

 . can);
"CAPITALAND" (“Yeah. daddy. we're
going to Capitalandl") Home of clever
institutions (such as the State University.
That’s the place where lhey learn to get
a good job. Where they pay lots of
money to eat lousy food and sit still for
unimaginative activities and heartless

   
       

r
 .1 Isotope or a religious ritual. The 0t_ er . . lems'l'lgly “"lllle‘l "A FUN! V - I
‘ If /_ ewdence 1 Wm cue comes from social ‘th Beggingxzmdscli ggcfshn Lpgan of Happened on the Way (0th (szmgehlll: S‘Ll‘mce '0 medlch‘et ‘l‘m‘ l““’" ""l_’l""' can not fUllV “PPWClE‘l” lhe wonderlu' . f ,4 "95mm at student ' eight thousand that showad for the apathy. I
. l i science and the humanities, but i sug- SUNY told me that he hadot?yd We at a review of 27 randomly selected li'Tills 1nd cnnsequencea [m (lllm Ml“ semw we receive hem m Albany um” a rlmggl ICLIlitrecslortes devoted to the game. a full two thirds of the crowd Yes there are better worlds to be
:  3 gest.that‘stmtlar evidence is available in cje repeamdly rejected [it an arti- gynecology textbooks. published from th s lag. ln addmon m mnullmlml you ride an Off Campus College bus. WOHS. . ﬁent Not a split level haii must have been from Cornell. Ftve found. it’sjusta matter of seeking'them
: the natural sciences, particularly in their sociology journals. on the bast (mailer 1948 lo 1972' Prlor l0 lhe Klnsey arid (lughl' alsu perpetuales the 5mm" am There are three routes and buses run uieuéing 0 ar v ' mousand people. Albany is lucky to' get Out. Until i can afford to go there i It just
i i . practical. human applications. he consmemdm be blasagalnsio :"ml Masters and Johnson resaarch. little llomcal Slams quo' Equallw belwwl: once an hour. On Weekends and morn- butt inst "ad has my covered fifty People for a__homg.gamel have to baracade myself in_ the
i is: P. The first area in which i became dealing with women. The arttcT: dssule data about vtemale . sexuality was kie sleicties will not be effected unit lngs‘ me service (5.1855 frequent. I Tlilte)  Eundmgs and huge'-ma: Come" won the game. 46‘ Wm] a “Mouseuapn or one of our 0mm.
1  i aWare of a biased perspective on‘ wlthclass consciousnessamong worzﬂt available. Statements such as this one clnzwe 9e “bow a .wmld Wll'dl."lj Yel- 35lonl5l‘l"9ly' mere wag Way (ml y k tn the‘cemer. paths criss- come-trom-behind surge in the final. ‘cuiturai cases. of which there are
l  ! Women was anthropology. In their in- textile workers in Spain. Dr. Logzg 'rlzund in ante-Kinseytextbook' reﬂec‘ ml: :5 wcfrgan is made availlilable‘. antr few complaints to be heard. n‘t : Jigs: phae Sw‘de grassy field. allowing period. Our party of eight was eluted pathetically few. .-
. ‘t t t is factual vacuum: “The fundamental Wacflbnrsqw Key 98 beglns m m “we m; following night. while waiting to re ur c t ‘
’ it  L
iii  .. -__ “mama...” - - 1.
. t   .t~’   v r “ I  ‘   " ' , _, ,. .  . . ‘

 

m4 .. .n. -.:.. ‘.Luu‘a .— gamma.“

 

