l
l
l


 

 
   

 

.mﬁ-.._.._. .

 

 

Would Capsules

 

 

Another Victim Added

ATLANTA. Georgia (AP) A black boy found dead in
December was added rod.“ to the list of slayings and
disappearance-s being investigated by a spedal polilce
task force, raising the total ncmber of cases to 21. Public
Safety Commissioner Lee Brown said he added the
name of 15—year-old Patrick Rogers to the list "after
consultation with Cobb County Public Safety Director
Robert llightower.“ In addition to 19 deaths, the task
fame is investigating the disappearam‘es of two black
boys. Cobb police said earlier this month that they had
turned the ﬁles on the Rogers case over to the Atlanta
task force. “We don’t have any en‘denee to say he is one
ofthose. but he did live in the right area on the south
side of Atlanta, and he‘s the right age,“ Cobb Police
Capt. Penn Jones said at the time. Rogers, who lived in
southeast Atlanta. was found Dec. 7 in the Chat-
tahooehee River in Cobb County. northwm of the city
and outside the Atlanta police jurisdiction. Meant: hlle.
police slid two black children reported missus earlier
this week have been found safe and returned to their
parents. Both boys —— l-l-year~old Termal Heard and
lt‘kyear‘ild Dempster D. Williams — were hack “12h
their families \\'ednesday night. police said.

Six- Year Term Proposed

WASHINGTON, D.C. (APl A constitutional amend-
ment that would limit presidents to a single. sioyear
term of ofﬁce was introduced today by Sen. Lloyd Bent—
mt. D~Teus. "I believe a sit-year presidential term. it"
adopted. “ill launch a m era. in which the president
will be able to respond with greater n‘gor and effec-
tiveness to the problems and concerns of the nation." he
 Bentsen said it would fro: a newly elected president
of the present pressure to campaign for reelex‘tion
almost from the start of a first four-year term. He said
the amendme. I had been introduced in Congress lefore
but no one had ever aggressively pushed for mswe. If
approved by a I‘D-thirds mayotuy of l\\1h the Senate
and House. the proposed amendment would he sent to
the $1151. if it that is approved by 38 status. it I'mld
became part of the Constitution. 1f Wed. the
amendment would not have a '1333 of P‘sidm‘.
Reagan‘s are-m four-year Heme-n  that
Ream would. however. be able to seek a mum tel:

running sit years. under the amendment. ‘

Military Plane Crashes

PKIIJPPI'XISa \Pi -\ L's. Navy trams),er plane crash-
ed into  South Chm Sea rem Thursday. and at least
in of the 24 people ahwd were killed. a San
stnszzn skid. He said :her: were «men male :3 ss-
m5 and at lees: on: summon the “'35 mime-d muted.
Th: crash cc: red 3: 530:11430 p.31. EST \\ aims-
is) shozly 25:: 3129mm look sift ’ym1heCubl Pain:
new; air station tinnitus: of Ma. . The plane. a
0130 Hernia. was carrying personnel itom the L nuei
Suns the Philippines. Australia and New ieaiand to
:h: sue of a yo-nt ext-ruse. moksmsn Qld.

Jail Guard Strike Ended

ALBAN‘. .N.\. lAPl -\ walkout by guards Il'l  :on‘
2'3: izspute a: the Albany County . min.
59 when :h: srlkers heeded Shct‘ttf Liz-org:

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

        

:al tzv at: immediate resumpzmn of talks Sum-11mm

   

en: '35:. pa: st]:- 5 deputies took ow: 
. lat.- “unmet nigh uhrn the guards u.~;lke.i
‘ mentors of Lo "5. American Federa-
llth and Municipal employees \ oted to
we: code-r33. with no mndenls reported
V :rn: 5:3: But sﬁktng guards shouted insults at
3:: :5 2:1: smut—two :nmlng IT. for the ll pm. to ‘
Lirlnazz :a:il ‘\ The walkout ended
‘ a“. Twenty-three guards
Wednesday began the
le‘lng 315336; in theu
Sngmlmdcnl Joseph
1 run: President Rohell
.. 1.- Kala)». . ' .‘r'ne guards
n: .15.. vb wile; tenure of "Sunless h':i.'.‘li£i-
rm' izv x mu :JuTn“ -

Pope Visits Alaska
\VC‘HORAG'L kinsLl :43“ Pope John Pa 1

Jump; n’ ‘Ju-t an: :l he. .trs at: his 5A2\ 3mm:

, ,

 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
   

 

       

    

Fm.

‘ ‘JapanAirlJncsDC—S—asmallpapalﬂag
sticking from one cockpit and an American flag
from the other — landed victim Intcmatlonnl
Airport at 10:36 n.m.. 3:36 pm. EST under cloudy
skies. with temperatures in the mid-305. Shortly before
the plane departed again at 3:17 pan. for the nine and a
half hour ﬂight back to Rome. the 60-year-old pope
drove a dog sled about 90 feet through the airport snow.
with Seaet Service agents hanging onto the dogs. When
he arrived. John Paul, looking weary after 12 days in
Asia. proceeded duvm a red arpet to a limousine,
greeting a delegation that included Catholic clergy.
Alaska Gov. Jay Hammond, and Labor Secretary Ray-
mond Donovan, who represented President Reagan. At
one point a group of people began chanting "I Love
You"in Polish, and the pope went over to them, shak-
ing hands and kissing babies. and said, “God Bless
You“ in English.

State to Pay for Medicaid

NEW YORK. 5.): (AP) Goy. Hugh Carey said Thurs-
day that President Reagan‘s budget cuts would cost New
York 57(1) million in federal aid but that he would go
ahead anyway with the state takeover of Medicaid costs
from localities. He also said the takeover could reduce
the state's ability to provide additional assistance to
New York City should another ﬁnancial crisis man.
The gowrnot made his comments 3t 3 meeting of the
Financial Control Board which approved modiﬁcations
of New York City‘s four-year financial plan. Carey said
that while the cily should have a truly balanced budget
thi year. some people might be lulled into a false sense
of se:urily. He named that "ominous news from
“astringlon” could change the situation. Mayor Ed-
uard l. Koch stid he was concerned that Reagan‘s
budget cuts “undoubtedly will require reduction in set—
nwo: presently funded by the federal gaiemment " H:
related to :uls in mass transit, food stamps and the
(‘ontptehensite Employment Training Act program.

Spanish Coup Collapsed

MADRID. Spain l-\Pl The Spanish Pat‘
ed \\ ednesday to :15 of “long ll\:’ the
l\ named a hen ptermer two dav'
coup in which high milttary
plicaled. Deputy Premier th‘poi
those-n to succeed Adolfo Suarez
premier since the e:-.th of dictator Franag‘
Novemw 1975. Calvo Solelo is on a  may
we votes from the 353 ballots cast. The Co
Parliament. was remand to \oze on (Alt 0 i '
day night when 20.7 members of the Civil u
Lt. Col. Antoni: Tejero Molina :nt'ade:
:hambe.’ firing pzs’ols and mhrnachtn:
:‘n: Parliarn : :- goxernment ho
ranco~style military rule. 3

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
     

3

CL

    
   
 

 

.mp.:~:
Carlos
pron-:1 the constitution and the :03
hours

 

Greece Hit by. Earthquakes

ATHENS. Greece (AP) Panicky Athenians streamed
out of the city Wednesday after Greece was hit by two
strong earthquakes that killed 13 people and injured
dozens, of others in collapsed houses and hotels. The
quakes damaged the east and west faces of the famous
Parthenon. including two corner columns of the ancient
temple on the 2.500-year-old Acropolis overlooking
Athens. Police said ﬁve people were reported musing
after the quakcihit the country during the night. The
capital city was almost deserted by mid-afternoon a:
people drove into the countryside. fearing that mum
buildings might collapse in new tremors. "Houses lhal
didn't suffer from either the ﬁrst or second large quaku.
have proved that they can stand." The tuo quake.
registered 6.6 and 6.3 on the Richter scale. Th“
epicenter was 42 miles west of Athens in the Gull in
Corinth, the Athens Seismological Institute said_ (you
inth. 40 miles west of Athens. was one of the hardci! l’,l‘,
cities. The shoaks destroyed five hotels in the 5
around the gulf and collapsed more than 200 hQU-g‘ ,
police said.

Chapman Seeks Witnesses

NEW YORK. 53'. (AP) The attomey for the m- - a .
cused of killing former Beatle John Lennon has a»
for four individuals to come forward. possibly 1 --
him in prcm'ng his client “is insane “her. he a ..5
shot the rock 512.! De:. 8. Jonathan D. Masks. a", '
for Mark Chapman. said outside State Supre. ,
Wednesday that Chapman may haw spol-r. t»: 
Lennon fans shortly before Lennon was s
seseral veeks earlier Chapman m3) 2 at: (Tr;
polix office: near Lennon's Manhazlar

  

 

 

  
 

  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
     
 
   

Hauaii resident with a history of 7'
pleaded no: guilt) to se:on:l~de
punishable for from 15 to 25 _\
met for ID mi
Altman to dis.
N0 parties.

 

 

Frank Sinatra beans: their

C :- :~.;~ol. ester.

to amoral: 3

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Wages Raised to Minimum

ll notk~sluiv l‘lS-JE'JCD‘. “1;: h: at. ~.
.ltghet as a re. I. of an amendment pa. 1h; ate
egtslaturc lax: October. according to Dllocto' 0' l‘man»
:lal -\Id Don \\ L‘tlllle.

The 1°80 Higher Fdrrcatlon Amendnc t states that
trays: earned tram Oslobrt l to Docentbet 31. 1980.
could not be lone: than $3 10 pet bout, and those earn»
ed after January I. 1081. muld not be lower than $3.35
pet hour.

Previously. the work—study program “as allowed to
pay $5 percent of the minimum wage

The lll’l|\‘<‘I\ll\ hits adjusled payment so that no work»
study student is now being limit-maul, \Hlltlock sanl.
Retrmtctlie payment is also hem;t mth to those will
less than 1hr minimum “age “hen the amendment \\:\.\
mused.

Conference to be Held

A daylong muletrttl‘c “llllllt‘tl “\huttru t‘olll‘tnul
Ransm ‘ ulll b: held Suultllnx m lltapcl Hall on lllk‘
dountoun (itzlt'pus

The commence ulll lrrlllll't‘ al‘ttytllr-y .mll tll\l'll\\|l\l\\
designed to lunlltull‘ llit‘ slmtmp. or personal ﬁlm when
and feelings about lac-mt

sportsmen tn ltir llluvcmly‘v Women‘s Mulllm Pro
gram, lh.‘ l‘urttn Rim“ Stlullrx llrpmtulmt, Mill ll\\‘

 
  
 

  

           

(enter to: \\ .uzim and (im r‘l uturul, llll' l nulrwm r' “I”
in; from 10 :1 m In .‘t |\.ll\ lll Room llll

Additional i.lll\ll‘.l.:ll\\|\ {an Iw nhldnh-‘l l.‘ Hum“ In“,
Lillie M.‘1Ltttgtlll:t.tt~l.'\.'\ tr.‘ll. l lnm I‘l iv: in -I\.' mm
 the Y“ (A at US onus V

 

a..."
N. -.....

 

Memorial Fund Establishedl

Raynt’rrd S DeLtsie, 2 L'::\:~"'
' .- zh: pas: szt years

      
 
 

Theater Prof Honored

. 81 NY -\ Theater Professor Rogc' \\
of tour scholars in the sans:
Publications of Moder. L
tl‘hll -\l.

llt‘m‘l ll\"€l\‘\l two;
"tumt ottlxtnndmg attic. .
nmganuc last \l.t\ The arm":
Acting lhc Original \‘ax' '

 

    
   
 

l‘lllll on with \‘c.\l\ of RS
lll .nllltltutl to .hts “wk
(\lllﬂl t‘l' l‘.‘t‘.?~;“ Sa'ﬁx‘t.

Murine" Society to: Them: Rs.

Apply for 0.4 T ndat/

Ind.“ l\ llll‘ Lu: .‘Z.t\ i“ an \
Him r\\\l\l.llll\ .u the \‘a 2!“. E

   
 

 

Sllttlctllx Mitt ml: N ..
t‘ltgiltll‘

 

ni‘lh‘lll‘ llu tlz.‘ gmv
llli‘llylh *\lly‘lt\\ \ imam: :
tumll

 

 

 

 

 

 

February 27, 1981

   

~ .09" It

I-‘Imtncc Commlllec Chair Steve To ltl

n.
l.

 

  
 
    
   
 
 

nnbsfiwfz’u . .

j. , . . . .
He damn I believe the Increase;. wr/l unprove Illt' qua/fly of leadership.

Albany Student Press

cit Approved Slip

by Lorl Mellwalne

An increase in stipend allocation
to 13 SA personnel has been ap-
proved by a two-thirds Central
Council vote, according to Central
Council Vice-Chairman Artie
Banks.

The new policy marks the ﬁrst in-
crease in-rcmuncr‘alrion in six years
and was introduced by lltc Commit
tee for Internal Affairs as a measure
to counter the rising cost of living in
Albany during the summer months.

Effective May 31, stipends arc in—
creased by $250 for SA President,
Vice-president. Comptroller and
Central Council Cllnirntun. WCDB
General Manager. Program
Manager, and Engineer will also
receive a $250 increase.

In addition. $l75 stipends were
implemented for the Chairpersons
of Universin Concert Board,
Spcnkcrs Forum, Albany Sllllc
Cinema and International Film
Group.

According to llllcl‘lllll Affairs
Committee (‘llllirpcrstin Mary Ilcllt

Toxic Shock Cases Are Declining

(CPS) Though the Ccnlcr for
Disczlsc Control in Allanttt
catalogued a record 725 cases of
toxic shock syndrome during 1980.
the spread of the disease apparently
dccrcnsctl dramatically by the end
of the year. While the majority of
people who came down with toxic
shock Sylldl‘OIllL‘ were llndcr 30, col-
lege officials around the country
have been unable to determine if the
disease was a major problem for
campus women.

Toxic shock syndrome (TSS),
most commonly found in women
who use tampons, hit its peak in
September, wllcn a record “9 cases
were rcpnrlctl, and lllc Center for
Disease Control issued nationwide
health warnings.

But by December the number of

new cases Itutl dropped to 3‘), says
Ilolt Alden, ll Control Ccnlcr
spokesman.

Alden SpL‘L‘llllllL‘ﬁ llllll Ihc
Scplcnlbcr ltutlllh warnings nttttlc
women more cnutinus. and con-
tributed to the subscqucnl drop in

the number of reported crises.

Tllc extent of the problem on the
nation's campuses. however, has
never been defined.

Sludcnt health services at various
state university campuses say they
received queries from many
students convinced they had the
disease, only to discover they did
not. For example, the Ohio Sltltc
health records office says three
students were udmillctl for the cure
of the discttsc,onIy to have their il-
Incsscs diagnosed its something else

after tlll.

Adminslrttlors ttl American (‘0!-
[age Health Association (ACHA),
comprised of student llL'lIllll services
throughout the country. rccttll that
while public concern pctlkctl ill cttr»
Iy fall. none of their member
schools diagnosed tlny TSS ctlscs on
their campuses.

Howcvct,. an ACHA
spokeswoman adds that the
Association keeps no records of
toxic shock incidences on cam-
puses. and there is. no way of telling
how many victims have been
students. She suggests that the only
way the ACHA would know is if
IItcrc had been an extraordinary
epidemic of CilSL'S front campuses.

In general. lltc Ccnlcr rcpnrlsv

l'ruuinm'r/ on page ('If'l'l'll

Lorich. the stipend policy has been
subject to review every year. Since
October, 1980, the Internal Affairs
Committee has been investigating
the stipend policies of other SUNY
schools to obtain a comprehensive
picture of cxccutlvc committee
remuneration.

"Financing for this modiﬁed
policy is included in the budch of
each SA-funded group,” said Assis-
tant ,SA Comptroller Steve Welsh.
“Sin‘cc the people involved cannot
hold down sumntcr jobs. the
stipends they were receiving \vchll'l
rcttlly adequate compensation for
the untounl of time they spunl
working."

. Page Three ,

end Inereases

The only two who opposed the
increase were FInance Committee
Chairman Steve Topal and Athletlc
Finance Commlttec Chair Tom
Serpc. '

“I don't see the necessity for
stipends during the school year, but
I'm opposed to stipends in
general." Topal said. “Summer
stipends have some validity, since
the people who receive them can’t
hold outside jobs, but I don't see
how stipends during the academic
year improve the quality of leader-
ship."

The amended policy goes into cf—
fccl on May 31, 1981, and does not
affect the Gold administration:

 

r

by Wayne l’ccrehtmm

Alhttny Citizens ’nrly

   

I'CCL'
unemployment ."

cutbacks.“

 

uln- cuts."

Demonstration Against l
Budget Cuts to be Held

A demonstration to protest President iinnnld Reagan‘s proposed
budget cuts ilt social programs will he held Saturday til the Ice
O'Brien Federal Office Iluilding ill Alltztny. .' ‘
~ The protest is living organized by the Albany Citizens Parly and the
( (immunity for Common Sense in express their dissatisfaction at the
proposed federal budget cuts in 83 major social programs such as
education, food sltutlps llnd muss lrltnsil, amounting 10$4l.4 billion

()rgnttizcr Bub Cohen stlid the ()‘Ilricn huiltling “is the one site in
Albany lItltl rcprcscnls the federal government. It is the local ltctttl-
qultrlcrx 0f senators and I‘L‘lll‘cst‘llllllll’cs."
u v v ' ‘ I I rcprcscnlllliw

Reagan s Llllh Will not ‘ch the governmcnl off lllt.‘ backs of the pm-
plc ' lull inslcnd prcvcnl low-and nmdcrnlc-incomc people from
my: badly needed services ill at period of high inflation and

The groups also plttn to cull for reductions in mililnry spending.
TllL‘y cttc Reagan's proposed increases of $7.2 billion.

The rally will fcuturc short statements by Dttnlca. SASU Vice Presl-
dcnl Janice Fine. and Community for Common Sense member Judy v»

Doy c. . ., .. ,» ,
Dunlca said “The rally on Saturday will lie the flrltt step in a cam-
paign to generate community awareness and opposition to the Reagan

Cohen said the groups plan to canvass "several thousand homes in
the ttcxl few months, trying I0 cducnlc :1 large amount ofpcoplc about

Mark Dunlcu slatted

   
   
   

 

TAPP Helps Unwed Teenage Mothers to Cope

by Michell.- Rulilnson

Jenny Morgan is IS, scared, and
pregnant. Hcr parcllls have not
kicked her out of the house. bill
they constantly lecture about how
she hits ruined her lift: and the
disgrace she has brought lo the
family.

 

 

News FEATURE
Jenny knows it is only a matter of

time before she has to leave. Things
were nol good with her parents
before she became pregnant. so her
condition has only served to inlcn-
sify an already bad situation.

' Jenny Morgan is a fictitious
name, but with some details ad-
justed. Itch is the story of 95 per-
cent of the unwed lccnngc mothers
in RCIISSL‘IllCr County, which has the
highest teenage pregnancy tale in
the Capital District areal.

The Teenage ’ttrcnling Program
(TAI’I’) of chssclllcr County is it
progrttllt designed 10 help lccnagc
mothers cope with pregnancy — its
burdens and I’CSDtlllSlhlllllL‘H. its well
(15 learning pllrunllll skills.

According to Program Coma
tlinllmr Alttnntth Fitzgerald. peer
pressure has served to push
tccnugurs into becoming sexually
active tll all early tlgc, the average
1th lacing l6. Another reason for
curly sexual activity, sltc milled, in
llll: desire to gut ltwuy from u but!
Itumc situation.

 

"A teenager will become preg-
nant so that she can gel on some
type of social service and,
therefore. have money to leave her
parcnls‘ home. This is a drawback
because if purcnls tlrc nol eligible
for social services like \vclfurc, the
teenager will not be eligible either,"
Fitzgerald said.

Instead of opting for adoption or
abortion, Fitzgcrland explained,
teenage mothers are keeping their
babies, hence the need for a pro-
gram likc TAPP.

“There isn‘t a stigma attached to
being illegitimate any more. In fact,
if a girl has an abortion or gives up
her baby for adoption, she is
ostracized by her peers," she said.

According to Filzgcrnld, lltcrc
are problems getting pregnant
teenagers into the program, because
runny are afraid to ask for help.

"I meet with the girl at home, at
school, or any place where she is
comfortable. receptive and doesn't
feel threatened," she added.

According to Fitzgerald. securing
pcrltlission front parents has not
been rt problem. “I It:ch been lucky
so fur —- I haven't encountered any
hostile parents us yet," she said.

Any girl is eligible for llu: pro-
gram as long as she is a teenager and
pregnant. “We like to have the girl
figure out while she is pregnant
Wlllll she needs in the way of help."
Fitzgerald said.

This help entails cutting through
red tape and trying to put the preg-
nant tccnttger on social services
such as Welfare. Food Stamps,
Family Planning, Medicaid, and
Women's, Inlenl's. and Children‘s
Program (W1C), a federally funded
food program which is easier to
qualify for than food slumps.

But because one is on the pro-
gram does not necessarily follow
that one is automatically going to
receive these services, Fitzgerald
said.

“If she is not eligible. there is not
a whole lot we can do for her. We
try to get ltclp through another
source — we ask for donations
from anybody. including the Salva-
tion Army." she added.

Of all lltc services, Mcdicaidis the
one for which teenagers lend to be
ineligible. Al delivery little rt
hospital cannot turn the girl away;
consequently. she has it high bill
which oflcn becomes the btlrdcn (if
the pill’L‘lllS, Fitzgerald said.

Every Thursday ill 2 p.m., Fil-
zgcrald holds it two-hour education
session ill the 'I‘roy Y.W.C.A.
These sessions give the pregnant girl
information on nutrition for
mother and child, infirm cttrc. child
development llnd anltzc (lllllllflll
childbirth).

Rcltssclucr County Services also
sends social workers to discuss
alternatives. such its adoption. 'l‘Ilcy

ustttllly do not talk about abortion,
Fitzgerald said. be must the
teenager is generally loo fur lllong in
lllL‘ pregnancy. Mllny girls opt to
keep IllL‘ child after it is born.

Aside front the social workers.
there are. nurses front ncnrhy
hospitals who lunch the Lamaze
method of natural childbirth and
counselors front Unified Services of
chssclacr County Mental Health.

Fitzgerald added that there are
anywhere from six to lwcnly girls in
a . z'inn on any given week. She
said that often there is not a lot of
motivation among the members.
and that she has to prod them to al-
lcnd class.

Fitzgerald likes to keep the girls
at least six months after delivery,
but prefers them to sltty longer.
“Sonic girls have stayed with TAPP
for as long as two years. However
long a girl stays. we slrcss going
back to high school, taking the
cquivulcncy exam, or entering a
vocational program,” she said.

 

'I‘AI’P is made up of approx-
lllllllcly 60 percent while and 40 pct-
ccnl liltlck girls from lower
economic backgrounds. “Girls
I'rontrtlrcsc backgrounds do not feel
threatened —— they risk for services
quicker lhun. for cxtultplc, middle-
L'lllhh girls, since some of them may
already bl: on sortie lypc of public
assistance," Fitzgerald noted.

Sltc cxplalncd that she lItinks

pregnant. middle-class girls usually
have abortions or that their families
support them and their children.
She noted that this group is
predominantly white. Black girls.
she added. are more accepted and
supporlcd by their families.

TAI’I’ was started in January,
1979. by Cooperative Extension
through a Comprehensive Employ-
ment and Training Act (CETA)
grant. I1 is now funded by the
chssclacr Department of Youth
through private donations.

Cooperative Extensions is funded
on county. state. and federal levels
through the division of the Land
Grant College at Cornell Universi-

y.

Alannuh Fitzgerald, herself a
divorced mother of three, runs the
program alone. Being a single
mother, she said, helps her cm-
putliizc with the young expectant
mothers in the program.

Fitzgerald has worked with the
Albany Police Department on their
Family Crisis Intervention Unit as
well as in psycho-drama. whcrc pa-
tients are encouraged to act out
their aggressions.

“Most of my experience was in
sociological and psychological
areas, and l have always been in—
terested in teenage pregnancy, 50
when I heard that TAPI’ was being
slatted, I applied for the job," she
said.

 

 

