 
   
    
  
    
    
 

t"innu'ﬁsrwwzzrmmcuvnmrw-m-dmnwn. , L . ~- -

-r..« ' ‘ " . .. -a. -..
p...__...._..a......c.. '
.._..... ... .. » 4  _ . . *

     
 

/

 

4 huge»
 .... m. .-...., he.-.“._..ie.’n~»;etmnm»¢.44 4Wumm.ﬁk~‘, ,'
V ,0 >1 ‘

< 'r «rurat'nc‘s‘chem-«trims.  ﬂaw» . ...,...... I.

 

Forename.- . r _' - ' - ' "m- 

 

 

 ’"r'..:‘r,b's'ric~cnu~. "  ' “mm 1981  "
, . . lMarch 20. 1921

._ . I \ ﬂ 33g 191 (Andrew 9mg" " ‘ . ’
W as v ' ' f I I
m. You want to eemplatn.,leen at those snees. only Ind them three weeks and the f "

'Iee's 3' 0 '.I I. I  ‘III'CIII'I.  y." .Ompl.ln  I V
II- Illppells 30 I'll III . .3 I"

/.

 

0! this office.” - 
month for four months). and she tells me she 4
has company comlng. Now you know and I
know that college students don't have com-
pany—parents do. and‘it's usually Aunt
Selma and Uncle Dave from Hallendale.
College students Instead have sex. and In
Immense quantities. while I watch Love Boat
reruns.

       

handsome. the Ignorant intelligent. and the
weak strong.

Premise five: I grew afraid.

So in attempt to better myself as a person
and watch my ass. l would no longer abuse
my fellow.man. But lo. Doc. lol Observe
premise one. How was l now to get a laugh?
Where would I find an antagonist who would
get neither offended. angry. nor violent?

doubtedly stems from a lack of attention dur-
ing the crucial formative years. or a bad
bump on the head during the terrible sum-
mer camp days. Doc. l Just don’t know.

What I'm getting at is a sketch of my vlewl
on Humor. though I'm loathe to forget the
words of Ogden Nash. who wrote:

"Stop Complaining!"
Oh Doc. You too? 1 don't think I could
count the times l've heard that plea in the
4a past few months. Parents. friends
W neighbors. frustrated waitresses. anguished
strangers: all have been begging me to stop
complaining. whining. and kueiching. No.
not at all: one friend says he enjoys my visits.

a State University of New York at Albany ' lldmi'lt" "'

 

 

l-1-1-1~1-1—1 ‘ t. “3
Ecol-Letter fromN‘c. I was

 

 
  

 

‘30. how wuz your v'cation’: Good! 2 Good.‘ ﬂood...

iilc?“-I wasted lots and LOTS of time. fortumtoly (and unfortunately)-

 

 

 

nent for myself than myself. Oh Doc. the
humor. the humor!

But that still isn't the point of tltls. The ‘
of this is this: When one complains only of I
oneself. when one finds constant material in
his daily existence upon which to constantly‘

' ’ r I s lhe ' hl h
‘ ar [ham and d. W 8a yre s t erapy. he says. After hearing Or i sit in theater cla
A ‘ . 55. while the t
I 'm a Junior at college. 1 work really hard at. my (Extra—Currlculﬂr h e. hwe explains, he {WIS worlds better abou‘ “ks us ‘0 pa" 0” so mm we may (1:23;: I hereby lsll m OW‘Ch me m "Dir
is o n llfe. role-playing. The Class parts, like the Red That m we pl '0 me 0" hu or voua' "er Ms b“ at so”! searcmng I l
for ‘hose who do falHnm groups discovered the complaint! What better oppo-

Sea. and in a class of thirty-one students.
guess who ends up numbet thirty-one?
Need l go on?
But before you start sending cards and
money. I'd like to say a few things in my Tough-
delense. First of all. the things I described Premise one: All humor Is at the expense

You see. the only target of my complain-
ing is me. and the bizarre. impossible situa-
tions that I know don‘t happen only to me.
but definitely don't happen to others In such
enormous quantities

Of pompous solemn nlncompoops
By whom a Joke must be enjoyed
In terms of Bergson or of Freud

actlvity andI try my best at. school. Yes. this board in smaller
than my last beard and I do need a haircut. I make some cigarettes
and I smoke storm: pot: but. I don't. "snort" or "shoot." anythinttr Vail
life up here has brought. me into a state of increasinw‘. isolation
and although I speak to you for an hour a Week, I : ti1't l'ee] :sliilhlvly
wierd whrn f exlt of‘t‘ Lho Southern State onet: a month. .

 

i
l
.=
.

‘ “I feel the evolution of the totally free woman in
our society will be possible only when we

t

 

 

i
l i As you know I' ’
j _ , , ve got my problems. I'm lary at time and my dedication ‘
3 l f 11512:: gigagtwhatnégeimrld.1;.“ ( , f repossess the true dignity of our history and rc- i-‘our llt‘it'nirus‘ (
. r if n. .2 , In 1 soc-ms an! .hic foolit’ltl. increases with inte ate it into our lives 0n ih " d I H MOW CUUld hmpun m an b“! a v f
V  ti time) that you can be so wrnm at Certain “mm” but vat 50 RIGHT a." 9' ' Iv en Wm “’9 be l Visit th’ bank to clear up an overdrawn don't should I'vb‘ at t zy I y. nd H 0‘ anmlmr.huma“ beings foibles. This IS so expound. and when one thruststhese cons-
' I) 5 ‘ many Others. ' - able .0 move beyond “I” panlcular stmggle‘ in. mmum‘ and am yelled m YFLLFD AT by h  H . Jus C'tttSLiI to air rnyfeel» true.,l don t even care to defend it. Just try to tant expunctlnns on others one be
I t - < « . t. r I r I ~ ' ‘ H
  if I sometimes want exponniv»- cl othr-v b l. 1 d - L stead of being condemned to repeat It with each 0 litilltagﬂr Who Confronts me with “You  villi?) md' 'mlfm ((“m “m” U-‘lurs Imaghw a mm, mm dues“ M" m a person (drum m") EGOCENTRICI comes
 .‘1 money. I sometimes want 'tn nari  blitz I villi]   kbgdf‘miolzgfh succeeding generationﬂ don't care about your account do you?" 1 one: ' “(m n 5 m U UCL I know u S {m T “in lns'lfumm YU“ may be “My ‘0. hm I And mm W“ me DOC one hundred and
. r 0 ' , ‘ ‘ . J ‘7 l . I , ' ‘ ) ‘ ' ‘ ' . I (( u n I . ‘ T I r
 n§§l§beml§°rl§lptnijt 1 want. to Imitrom‘ you. please you, make you “The knowledge that my grandmother‘s con- w‘“ “3mm”! ‘“ M ‘l Shed bee" “‘lkm‘J '0 0h. Doc. Pity the class clown' 'i‘lw « ’P '5’”me Claw mum‘s 0‘ pure 59". Me me me me
.{ v . y u proud. .‘ian a I so be my own sol. f'. temporaries were not just good wives. mothers my mother. but only ran out in tears. soul who loves nothing li‘LllU’ tl  dv Elm l "mm 5L M0. lgh “hm” humor 15 many me. Gunman" Ul‘ymldmg RBIemk’“
V ' . ’1 nn ra n a t " " r 
Don't get me motif“ I love to comt‘ home. I Just want u'i to undc rutanrt housekeepem. and Cocks bill ratherageneration ll “nigh 8“ 3” m9)" sum ‘1‘ Work and in” the laughs that the stories get _ or a? was (arexzmtfyosuoghe'i'. “w rank-m“ I: am now mm 59” dlxl’ve'y '5 he'e- "OW 
Sgcghgthgg' 2,3119“? :0. I l'ln’l'it hard to believe that we talk as... of potentially revolutionary freedom lighters, as W: on "'9 bus‘ l Wake “p “l "W MP W'”‘ least should. since he works hard enough at work on me sub)“. gal-he C‘ls ""(numema “m l man” my own mnccn‘ I've been able 1‘
P he an WC 0 when we rr: together. It's wierd. gives a new dimension to their lives and a new Lny lacgl’aclk soaking wet. content in the telling them right It was Freud who once on the destruction of an it :55 calm, "505 m d“ sommhmg abnm "I even H " means ,
nowe Cltal b - . . ' ' 0 ‘9 SP-‘VC‘Q c n 1 r ” "
ed mé [1:01 a usload of students watch described what he called the "Bozo Com- Premise three: I spent the greater amount yliuyflmll’ glint!“an myself I” Keep qu'e'. '
. it y "I ' “7‘5 1 V I ' .l ' V
plex. but I dont know where. l iust OllilQlISCliimlCillllHQ allettilﬂniotllelamlic’ another person's prblllrla‘rffsi"y”u (m “hum

strength to me."

I have lots of really Food friend" and "omr-

‘ 2 s .3 . mall great o 
gizgg'ghyit realized what. thr "cruel World" is like. and pligasr: inﬂor—
Sht' a a _..r‘(zc part of mu, does: not want; to be thrust, into that.
By the way. 1 also don't want to "

. go to It] ..u]varior. Hot-=vn-~
that there are some sturirnt newspapers in fir/mien that. arr Lboitingear
{or hgitor‘s ogithc-ir magazine sections. L
ve een wan no, to write this for quite nomo ti
_ ‘ s . .1 me. 1'1 1;
make'snrc that the print. comes out goorl so you‘ll have noltrgb’bl:
reading it. You can use the magnifying plans if you'd like.

ugly. the ignorant. the weak.

remember he said something about a need
Premise four: The fat grew thin. the ugly

B t 
to be the center of attention. And that it un- u. I do‘ DOC. I really d”. Aher an‘ I may \

I ask a girl out for a weekend date. a girl I'd
be able to use them as material some day.

been seeing for four months (one date a
l

-Midge Mackenzie.
Shoulder to Shoulder. 1975 r i
,5),

 
 
 

 

Dad. 1 can't always remember the actor who starred in "In The Heat

Of The Night,"

Rod Stcigcr.

and your bad arm hurts.
neon make you any loss ‘3

‘ love , oautifnl
a“) nomioi‘gg‘t‘g; Eng-sites you both; .

nvrsr (stop doing .

Sometimes it; takes rnr- an hour to thi

‘ . . nk of...0h ea
Don't feel no'bad. i-‘lom, don't tell me your bad 10: hllrtv
It 11 feel hotter in a day or two and {12 U

but. 1 just want you to be ha
be a achtlckt‘ord. but thggi.

goo’d— l.
y n ﬁht, asking hou you feel and telling you that I care

So take care.

Mom. keep singinf’. in the shows

Cari, keep wfnning at

S a 1 7 V a. an sinon lay an GED § np 4U
huiileO rri f; 1 1 I1 S d k .jnm. . "Rlde sacks

Ride" in the middle of a "happy" night

Don't let. the anxiety get

y
Like kissing. you hello, ﬂood-bye
J . I

 

 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

 

Jars of Bosco. cartons of Valentine's Day
candy in December. tins of Nestle's Quick.
gallons of Plllsbury‘s Frosting Supreme.
Three (times five) Musketeers bars. M8LM
. . . &M&M&M’s. kegs of Yoo-Hoo . . .
Yes. the list could go on forever. You see. I
have a disease that we all share. ‘Not one of
you In this room is alone in your agony and
frustration.

pound of ivory nonparells. After "Inhaling"
the entire quantity of these evil gems.
Mother was able to stand up. and control her
flow of oral foam.

i wasn't many years later that l. at a wIld
high school dance. consumed a frozen Milky
Way in a bathroom stall. And that. my
friends. Is where my tale of woe begins.
However. I was not alone in my exploits of

reality. chewed off a few layers of its rolled
paper stick.

“Not bad. huh Man? Jesus Christ. you
downed that sucker. Listen. wanna cop a

box of those babies “

"Well. no. not a whole box. but do you
think lcould get a hold ofa few Chunkies. or
Chocolltes?" '

“Yup. I took one look at you. Buddy. and
knew you were definitely a Fudgle,"

Fudge Rainbow ' 

money for my habit. All of my concentration
and efforts were channeled only into savor-
ing that next hunk of cocoa and corn syrup
compound. My illness only Worsened with

time. Powning everything 1 owned. from my
pet Myno bird to my electric cuticle trimmer.

I managed to buy more and more exotic
iorms of my passion: a four-foot white Easter
Bunny. and a chocolate bust of President
Kennedy were among the rarities. But. when

to you. I have plenty 01. it and o .
Just live your lives. And k ccaisonally I laugh it off.
and who everyone is. And kngg‘vwh’gocgggsarer Who I am. Who Dave is. debauchery. Misery may love company. but
r ' My name Is Wonka. Like many of you. as addiction surpasses the need for true friend. Me? A Fudgie? I had heard of them. and my finances became terminally deplete. I
a child I witnessed my parents indulging in ship. knew my parents were most likely took what seemed. at the time. the only ac- 
LOVE. Mallowmars. or ch-ch-chocolate covered ’ One fateful day. while walking down 50Pl115llcaled members 0‘ SUCh ahre‘v’d. bl” implalﬁlE meawmi 
Ins. Sorry gang- I guess 1 rm just Rob grahams. Sure It disturbed me. but what through the science wing's glass enclosed not me: I Just munched euphorically on a “Willy. please. man . . .anythlng. . Just '1,
a sentimental sortie. could i possibly do when my father Would stair well. I spotted a long haired denim Reese's Peanutbutier Cup on special occa‘ a Raisinette . . . c‘mon man . . . I'll do 5'-
Wolf down a Hershey bar with almonds ~— In wrapped fudgsicle. as they —- we were Slonsr Bi" lhOSG l'mlde'icesv In accordance anything you say '- " 
front of my little league teammates. no less. always referred to. With my 106k 0f aWafeness. became more 
frequent. Eventually. Willy became my “Sorry. Wonk. but I'm down 80 bucks on 
account 0' you. so why don't you just split." '2"

 

 

?Your

searchde

’l‘()h"l‘/\l)()$
BURRITOS
MEXIISUK IZR
(Illll.l DOGS
|{lil'|{ll.l) IilZANS

 

DRIVE THRU OH EAT-IN

1246 Western Avenue
(Across from SUNYA)

438-5946
Open Daily: 10:30am to 11pm

 

Ellis"
UHINII"I)iUtiLAtIID"Ii " I
. no "I ~ ' "
ilvliii’élilild‘iir'lllmt‘il'wmMN m 
JUST urr ntutts‘tm'lt ' 13'
men
("It COLUMBIA menus Iiiillziillllilllflm

Well. l can't erase those memories. but if I
can relate them to you. then I think we'll all
feel more at ease.

l'll never forget the time when the entire
family. including myself. my older brother.
mother and father were enjoying a fine meal
at Tung l'loy Chinese Restaurant. when'all
of a sudden. my mother. rest her soul. began
to quiver like a coconut tree in a tropical hur-
ln an Instant. my father frantically

ricane.
demanded

flew from our pagodlan nest and
chocolate of the mailre d',
"Ah, chocorot. Sir? Perhaps some Mu

Sltu Pork?"
Realizing the dead end confronting him.
xt door to the Home

my father dashed rte
alf

Fair Variety Center. and purchased a It

r br-

W
Frlday

Send one your love

Stevie Wonder

“Hey. Yo. are you Into some Sugar

Mama's?"

“Well. l've only eaten a Milky Way once. I
don't know , . ."

"l'lere. just take a mouthful a this." as Wil-
ly waved a chocolate covered caramel stick
in front of my nose.

“Well. i don't know . . . is it good?"

"Just do It up. Man. don't even think
about it. Just eat it,"

I gazed first at this tempting. but taboo lux-
ury. then spun in a full circle in fear of
onlookers. of which there were none. Then I
took that first bite. Sure. that first bite; the
one we label. “just this one; the one I'll never
take again." I ended up devouring the entire
Sugar Mama. and In a mental phase of nort-

hD'

me but still I knew I was right. For In the end.
not one of my loves had ever really loved
me. So you see l've really never have had
any "lovers." Then again from what l've

 

heard and seen. very few of us ever do.
All of that Is lira. but I am not especially

d about love at present. There is an

my head

It was Friday the 13th. Nothing maior. lust
enough of everything one would not
necessarily want to be reminded of. Like the
hurt in your gut due to lack of food. The
ache In'your back and neck from too little an
sleep the night before. Lucky for me the day pic from being
was not a complete washout: Ran into a not perfect.but
couple of friends and we went to Central 8 friends" have (I
and drank endless cups of coffee. brandy burden of all their failures of will. sins or
and soda. We talked about the current and whatever else they don't want to deal with.
of each of us. When my turn Both males and females jump into bed with
ended not to have any lovers. each other. or try to use me as a shield or

dump on me the post-hump blues.

concernc
idea that is running around inside
d It has to do with preventing certain peo-
so eager to dump on me. I'm
1 think some of my “so-called
eclded that 1 should bear the

past lovers
came I pret

Something about a tworway street that l

primary source of decadence. and decadent
lwas: the circus would have saved plenty by
billing me as the freak show's combination
acne blanketed fat man. At this point. the old
high school might Just as well have been a

cemetery.
“Willy. buddy. can you do me an Almond
9..

“Hey. listen Wonk. man. you still owe me
bucks from that quarter pound of Kisses."

"Look. no problem. I told you. Man. I'll
get those bills to you as soon as i sell my old
man's Bar Mitzvah ring."

Yes. I was completely oblivious to any of
my own devious patterns of obtaining

'l'he 3t

and listens to this and tries the best he can to
offer hope. He knows this feeling 1 am en-
countering. We sit for a few moments in
silence. looking at each other. neither of us
knowing Just what to say to the other. The
waiter comes by and solves this problem for
us. We order another round and discreetly
change the subject to some other topic of
conversation. By the time our drinks have
arrived we have forgotten all about the topic
l was mentioning earlier. We finish our
drinks. pay the bill and prepare to pan com-
pany. making plans before we do to try tc
keep in touch with each other. A strange but
nevertheless strong bond binds us together. I
begin to feel the brandy. so lbegln my search
for a pillow. r ‘

In the morning when l rice I look at the

"Willy. Willy. Willy . . . I'll get that money
somehow . . . puhleez. Just a Milk Dudl"

“No way. Pal. you'd better split."

“Willy. If I have to fuckin' kill you. I'm gon-
na get some goods."

As I furiously knelt. while picking up a
large stone. Willy knocked me ﬂat. and my
head whipped against the cold pavment.

It wasn't until one month ago that these
brothers. now by my side. salvaged me;
graciously they accepted and reassured me
within the structure of CIA. it Is due to their
benevolence and patience that I can say my
life Is once again taking a turn for the better
. . . Only now can i say. I am a Chocohollce

clock and see that l have another hour or
tw0 before I have to be at work. So i turn
over and begin to think aloud the thoughts
that others will not allow me to say to them In
person. Work begins slowly but provides the
opportunity to fill the hours.

The pain of life helps bring me out of Illu-
stun into the truth. God help me if I should
ever prefer lies to the truth. No matter the
pain (and at times It Is more than I can bear)
I'm never one to settle for less than the truth.

By now l've become tired so  must begin

.my search for a pillow. l've got to work
tomorrow. 50 if you’ll be so kind as to ex-
cuse me. I'll take my leave of you for now. I
hope lifegives you all you could Want and
then some. Until. next we meet. the peace of
love be yours. '0

 

t

 

 

 



if l
5" l
Ll ;
‘x .. |
V 6

no believed My friend Joe. a third year law studentaits

   

beard once. Needless to say no 0

. .... , .W .t...~awacwe.e-...
\

' " “ 'W“mesmwwm w. n..cm.uz._.~w.t mt... iastJn-«Jw

   

c... .

realm" "~.

