 

 

 

-: ﬂash”..me .

 

sarcasm"

 
 

Calls for Coalition

1 have the sense that many of the pro-
blems faced by students throughout the
State University system can be alleviated by
looking away from local and central ad-
ministrations and forging alliances and
coalitions based on academics and the
quality of life in college communities. ;

Students must identify their needs based

' on both considerations of educational goals

and as members of the community in which
their colleges are located. Administrations
throughout the State University system
have been built on protecting what they
perceive to be the taxpayers' interests rather
than the interests of the students they are
paid to support.

During my tenure as attorney for the Stu-
dent Association at Albany State. which
began in the fall of 1977, We observed that
the local administration here at Albany
State and the State University's central ad-
ministration have acted in many instances
directly contrary to the best interests of
students.

safety and welfare.

OCentral administration operates in a
policy making capacity to exclude and deny
students the right to any decision making
power. To Wit: They attempt to hold
meetings in secret. They hold Board of
Trustees meetings at inconvenient times and
places. They ignore student requests to
create a functional state-wide student
representative body. They refuse to aid
students lobbying in the state legislature for
increased aid to education. They ignore stu-
.dent concerns about SUNY support for
South Africa.

~The local administration at Albany
State routinely prosecutes students for petty
offenses causing them to have permanent
records and damages the most valuable
asset that a student possesses, his record.
This hurts the students’ chances for
graduate school. law school, medical
school. and many career opportunities.
'The IOcal administration refuses to aid
off-campus students in their struggle for

 

 

The following will serve as examples:

DThe residence staff. as a policy. violates
\\\e rights of privacy and the due process
rights of students by entering the rooms of
students without prior notification and con-
ducting judicial hearings violating fitn-
damental principles of fairness.

'The administration has used the process
of placing “hold” on students’ records and
have very often prevented students from be:
ing able to register for classes before there
has been an impartial- adjudication of
claims against the student. Therefore.
students unfairly accused of owing the
university money can have their entire
educational future disrupted.

'The university refuses to recognize the
dormitory contract as having equal status to
that of a leases, therefore. denying students.
their right to use rent money as leverage to.
insure housing that guarantees their health.

safe housing at reasonable rents by not ac-
tively pushing for local voting rights.

~The local administration has not ad-
vocated improved bus service for off-
carnpus students.

'Tlte ttniversity has no mechanism to
review improper actions against students by
university pcrsoncl . i.c. professors or cam-
pus security.

The above are only a portion of what i’ve
attempted to confront. My failure to over-
come these policies has left me frustrated. I
believe, however. that art effective coalition
of student groups. faculty. tenant associa-
tions, public interest groups and
neighborhood associations cart effectively
impact our political system to make a dif~
l'ercnce.

First in a series of columns.

 

 

 

viewp

Health Gripe

To the Editor: .
i must relate a most frustrating ex-

pcrience to the university community. 9n
Monday, January 26 l injured my upper hp
while playing racketball and went 'to be
treated at the SUNYA Student Health Ser-
vice. A doctor recommended that i receive
a stitch to help in the healing process.

Because there were no drivers at the infir-
mary, i had to drive myself downtownlto
.St. Peter‘s HoSpital while holding an rec
pack to my mouth. Upon reaching the
emergency room, l was told that i would
have to wait about an hour to be treated
because it was quite busy.

While 1 expected to wait to be treated. i
did not anticipate a one hour wait to turn
into a three hour ordeal. Frustrated and
disgusted after waiting for three hours. i
left without getting a stitch.

What infuriates me the most is that i had
to go through all this trouble for a relatively
simple procedure. The inﬁrmary is a
medical facility and should certainly be able
to render a simple procedure such as stit-
ching for minor injuries. instead, students
have to be subjected to horribly long waits
at local hospitals. Sure there are budget
cuts but that's no excuse when it comes to
health and well being of students.

Fred Allberti

W

To the Editor:

The idea that since 1977 Assemblyman
George Hochhrueckncr has been attemp-
ting to obtain political support for legisla-
tion to increase energy-conservation
measures within the SUNY system needs to
be considered. The legislation has for many
years been ignored by SUNY College
i’residenis. SUNY Board of Trustees
members, other members of the State
Legislature, and the Governor.

A study by Assemblyman
Hochbrucckncr's Office Staff led to legisla-
tion (A.77()3-A) that would inmlxc federal
and state gmcrnmcnts imestment of
taxes to improve education facilities and
provide energy-conservation within the
SUNY system. in 1978 the same issue was
introduced as legislation (A.i l752) and this
time Assemblyman Hochbrueckner sent let-
tcrs to college presidents requesting “. . .
comments and support " of the legislation.
in l979 the issue was again introduced as
legislation (A1709) and Assemblyman
Hochhrueckncr sent letters to the SUNY
Board of Trustees for their assistance and
political support. The end result of this
reach-out to SUNY administrative officials

 

oi nt

was not positive. but, the SUNY ad.
ministration did raise the rent to pay for the
costs of housing and heating.

The problems in the Persian Gulf. the ris.
ing oil prices, and the non-appropriation of
funds for energy-conservation measures by
the federal and state governments indicates
that the policies are misdirected. To allow
the SUNY administration, the Governor.
the state Legislature, and the federal
government to ignore the issue is to
foresake friends. family and self so as to
continue the policy.

if you care. write Assemblyman
Hochhrueckncr and your state Legislative
representatives about the issue and indicate
your political support for it's inclusion in
the i98l-82 budget. Also, since the SUNY
college presidents already know about this
legislation, then contacting your student
association’s representatives could provide
the political support that is needed for im-
plementation of energy-conservation
measures on SUNY campuses. thereby,
stabilizing rents.

Michael McGlynn

World Government

To lite Editor:

Many people support the United Nations
hoping thus to better the world. My conten-
tion is that they must now begin to prepare
for the next step which is a world govern-
ment under constitutional law. This would
government would be agreed to by all un-
tions. with a world court to which all inter
national problems must be taken, and
whose edicts can be enforced by an inter na»
tional police force. This the United Nations
cannot do, not being a govet'nlncnl, lllottylr
it has been. and will he. of the greatest
vnluc until such art international govcrrr
Incnt can take its place. Peace may be the
opposite of war. but the only rr/Icrmrlivo ro
war is the rule of law.

Since modern technology has drawn the
countries of the world into a single. global
cornnurrtity, that community must be
governed not by sortie self-serving interest.
but by a world government under constitu-
tional law if we are ever to achieve a lasting
peace. Our present efforts toward a pence
seem, to Inc. impractical. We urge all on»
tions to love one another and lay down their
arms. Maybe they will in some unbelievably
distant future. but I want the killing lllltl
misery stopped before that.

Also, it is impractical to expect the
responsible leaders of any nation to evpose
its citi/cns to attack from other nations.
Even :1 reduction of armaments is tr very
chnncy thing. Remember the agreement not
to use poison gas in World War i? It work-
cd only until the crunch came. Fut'lhct-

 

 

  
     

 

  

i/t .

EEHE'EH

 

Va) g  'i

l ‘7?“  .
at ,.
a“ ' I
: i‘

/ mir- rew mm mus

 
   
       
  

SOMETIH I

We?

  
 

 
 
  

 Mtge

1”” , ILL Staci;
it ., . LIKIUG HIM

A]? l H tttforr

LL A as

DIFFEteeucg.

       
 

  

III]:

\S “3.

 

 

 

 

 

e:

i

 

    

 

 

in

r...

lilllle v-

perspectives
3a.

  
  

Christmas reruns
and other visual

 

ll

spy,

   

   

 
   
  
  
    

l

,l-Q
r

Photo: Suna Steinkamp

“ Check out the
new fun on page
8n.

 

 

