i

 

r
i
t
l
l
l

 

t
r
l
t

 

 

 
   
 
   

 

  
 

 

 

  
   

 

,' Organlzo for Peace; '

The Fight for Freedom

/ Mitchel Cohen

Last week. the U.S. government att-
nounced tlte sending of a number ofGreen
Beret contingents to El Salvador, in addi-
tion to an increase in military aid. This
represertts a dangerous escalation of U.S.
involvemertt in support of fascist govern-
ments-in Central America. With the Pen-
tagon calling for an “experimental” draft.
it is likely, unless we act quickly, that once
again Uncle Sam will be sending young men
(and possibly women) to fight, kill, and die
on the shores of a foreign land. iii a Hit
titat cart only serve the ittterests of inuitina»
tional corporations and banks —- but riot
the people. either oi El Salvador or the U.S.

We in the Red Balloon (‘ollectire at
SUNY Stony lirook and ciscwlrerc have
joined iii a large coalitiort ot'groiips and iii-
dividuals to organize a “March on the Pen-

tagon," May 1. We are actively orgariil»
ing and encouraging all concerned people to
do like a speecii March 2]. at C.\\’.
Post College, Ahhic Hoffman spoke of the
three great ires the U.S. goserninent is lay-
ing on its. _

The first he is that ttrete is a centrist
government rti i-El Salvador desperately cl-
inging to power. trying to find a peacclnl
iortte through the extremists of the right

and tlte left. There is no centrist govern-
irictrt. The gorcrrrtttcnt and the tight are the
same, and the left is composed ol the entire
people. including the Church. peasant
unions. wotkers‘ organi/ations. Maisist
groups and intellectuals rising up to met-
llii‘ow five decades of brutal torttttc and
repression.

Another lie is tirat this is a shot I, rcgiotial
war tlitrt won‘t involve tiiiicii effort on the

part of the U.S.. when. in fact. once U.S.
troops are irivolvctl itt lzi Salvador , it is only
tr tttatter oi' tiioritlts before they chase guct—
rilla forces into Nicaragua. Honduras.
Costa ch rird Guatemala. and. eventual-
ly. to Calm. lot which, as Ahhie ptrt it.
“Reagan‘s had tr hard-on for years."

Finally it is a lie tirat the Soviet Union is
rill-powerful, escalating its dorttairr over the

rest of the worlti. a challenge that the U.S.
must riieet in [ii Sal 'tttlor.As l)a\e l)c|lingct
prtt it at a recent conference (attended by
2.0(X)) iii New York City's New School t'or

 

I

   

Social Research, “If the Soviet Union came
and dropped machine grins and otltcr
weapons on Augusta. Maine. do you tiiink
the people would rise up arid rise them
against conditions in the U.S.?”

The fact is that arnrs do rtot cause or
create conditions of revolution — oppres-
siort does. Guns are tools that facilitate iii-
sutgeney. but they don't carrse insurgency.
Besides. the weapons (for the rtrost part) in‘
the hands ol' the lil Salvador people are not
Russian or (.‘uhan or Nicaraguan. hut are
bought on the lllaek market from various
ariiis‘ merchants and governments
(including West Germany). and are of U.S.
origiti.

After Ahhic‘s speech. we met with
striderrts l'rorn ('.W. i‘ost ('olicge. Also pit."
sent wcr'e representatives irotri ()ld
Westlittry. Nasstttt ('ominrtnity arid other
schools. We set up meeting days. exchanged

 

idctis I’ot otgatrt/iire otit various com-
munities. and pledged to trrttt oitt d huge
contingent i'rorn Long island on May 3 at
the Pentagon. With money needed for
human needs at home; with the fight to
rebuild the South lltons. lllll‘tS-iltttlsll.
systems. and iroiisiiig. anti to etid racism,
sc\istli. attd higotry dralt. to send military
aitl and troops to H Salvador to make it
safe for capitalist penetration and super-
profits is not it the interest of either
students or workers. And it certainly is not
ill the interest oi' tltc people of iii Salvador.
who are fighting l'oi only one sitttplc thing
—- l~'Rl£l-Zl)()isi.

(iet involved now! (‘onic to Washington
May 3, to New York ('in (at the U.N.)
April iii. to Ahhie's sciiteticng (too (‘cnttc
St. 9:30 a.ttt.) April 7. if you “w on Long
Island. get in touch with its at (Sits)
(ifi‘).tl~i7.‘i.

 

No Joking Matter

To the Editor:

With the recent ass . 'nation attempt on
the life of President Reagan. I am writing
this letter to express my deep regrets about
the whole situation. My other purpose in
writing this letter is to express my disgust
with those who cart jok - arid wish the man
dead. i feel this is rttrcalled for. Granted,
many do riot like the titatt but titat is no
reason for wishing he were dead.

i do not have arty respect for these cold.
insensitive people. The man is~ortr presi-
dent. l-le teprcscrits this country and
eteryone siiorihl feel some deep regret ovet
wirat happened. i was asiiaiticd attd
disheartened when i heard retriatlts such as.
“Is he dead yet?" and "Did they do tltc jtll)
right?" or remark. such as. “Oh shit. the
Academy Award. atr' not rtoirrg to he on
hcctrtisc oi this Reagan iness. lit!) ant i piss
ed!" I hope they Iittd some help and get
their lrtrrrns squared assay soon. An
assassination is a cowardly way to chance
the politics ol a country. especially iii a
corrritty like the United States. Anyone wlro
could wish the victim dead is as sick and
cowardly as the Ultc wiro committed the

   

rlcctl.

()rtr American political system needs a
new cotnscdit actiotr. \\ c cottld not hate
gone through another forti years with the
satire stale. old Democratic principles the
defeated party followed for so many years.
Restraint is needed. ('rtts iriirst he made.
liteiyone is lleinrt Iorccrl to feel the pinch oi
the hurlch ctils. llcl‘oic the elcctiotr. tnaiii
groups were coritplainmrr of too much speti~
ding arid that it rrrrrst he redriced.

Now that we hate a president who is
following this philosophy. these very same
groups are yelling and complaining. They
want crrts but do not want to see tltcnt tirade
in their pet programs, These people ttte
selfish and misdirected and do not lltltlL‘ls-
tatttl the titagnitttdc ol' the economic crisis
presently facing this country. if they really
cared about the well heirrg of tire whole
country they would be willing to sacrifice.
The majority of the Anict icait people are itr
agreement willt what President Reagan is
proposing, ()rtt congressional represen-
titives ltetret heed these poprrlar opittotts or

 

 

 

 

 

’Ah, Senor Sam, l’promise that it Wonft be long before my
people support me almost as much as you do!’ I

v

 

 

~n.

..
:r
auteur mum

4- lI' tutu. tit-mm.

  

 

“at.

 

' m »
t..u...........»..u .t.. . .

 

.-.~.~-s-.-4.oo... thr-.

they will find themselves ortt of a job in
I982.

l trope and pray what happened on lllc
afternoon of March 30 never httppem
again. I really wish those people who do not
agree with President Reagan will give him a
chance to prove himself sufficiently. 'Iht-
purpose of his proposals is to rid the system
ol' the waste and iiiefficicitt htttcattrttttr.
regulations which stiiic American |lltltll|s
tivity and violate tltc personal right it) do
what the population wisltcs to do \\l|ll lllr‘r
personal incomes.

iamgiad to see this cowardly (lllt‘ltlir‘. o3.
Mr. Reagan’s life did not succeed 5.:
ttnyotte who cart walk itito a llttspllnl .tr.
ioke with a bullet lodged it In tin
dcserses till the praise of being ttlilr' ro
torrn the drilies of thc presidetr.
Reagan | wish the lrcst tll luck to \tt‘.

—- .Ittntes lvttlt‘

Freedom from Hay};

in the Editor:

llic iiist .-\tncttrlrtietit til lllt' t on
ttrttt trttrttttttlecs all /\|llL‘|it'tllt‘s tier-.Iort.
spr't'cli. As 1 ani writnie this. lllt' l‘v. rt-
ol the l lilllr'tl States is in r-iriciycinr ol‘
Ilt'llllllt‘ to! his hie. 'llrtec other riro r.

 

also lilt'l in this tar-c or a iiiarltiiat.

in our iitetiiiies. tlrt' iscnrictls lt'ttilr
Martin lirtlrcr King. arid .Iolin ll‘liltt
hart ltcr'tl assassinated. Althour-Ir it» it -rr
ol these great people to speak |\l|l|ll< it .
protet terl lt) the highest in“ . tlie ‘ttlllrr r 2.
titre of their tight to he rihlc to speal ~.l t.
ilrrt let‘s not tori-ct that a |\\cl\c«l.r\ og
t'lll in our own :rtr'a tlll‘tl two days .tltcr »tt’
lL'iillt' a hirttal heating hy lth Illttllt'
liorittciitl. She was also denied heI Ir 'lrt ‘
he alilc to speak.

In America todas. handguns are lit-tout
lllt' as common a household item gls tr'lx .
stoti sets. People can kill with tlrt
kttimlr‘tlyr' that their punishment, it thtt
are wet caught at all. might he so little .1
slap on tile hand. When peoplc are tlctttr-t‘
their richt to he aide to speak w the tieln ro
lire w society today is no liettet than tlI
Nit/t (ictrnarrr when people were, ill .1
similar way. detttcti their tight to he ttlilr‘ to
speak

— Kenneth A. Siott

 

Presidential Support

in tire liditor:

I should ha\e written this long ago, rrtr
fortunately a tragedy had to occur lict'orcl
liiia||_\ did it, I arri not a triviiig Political
Science major hut i do care what happens
to this country. i care enough that erers
Notcrnhei i take l'ivc minutes out of tIl_\
day to tote. l have had several politirtil
arguments cicr siticc the election where I
hate agreed with the presidetit. Mayhc I
don‘t need Illill loan nest year its much as i
thought i did. l'hc stereo l hoirglit with the
last one was nice but did i really need it”!
Mayhc i‘Il inst have to look for a ltiglict
paying ioli this year.

A question that usually arises tllltllli'
most political arctttireiits is. "Who did .\t‘i'
\otr' lot?" More often tltcti not iirv UI‘I‘“
Iicnt says sotitcthing like. “i wortld hatr'
\och lo! ('artei hill 1 ncter got tlit llllll to
it." It you did not bother to row I feel ilt.ll
ion littu' no reason to accuse l'resrtIt-rrt
livtteati of doing a had joh. Nor do wit
hate the right to stt) such llllilt's (and I
quote liorit \rriiotis people on cattipttsr.
"Yippce. irow we can watch Reagan the",
"l |.rs the asshole died yet." arid “ too had
the guy didn't get hint."

~~ I'lllett \Vortiiine

Appalied

 

 

To the l‘itllltll‘:

It is the lllttlllilit' alter an itssttssltidllttll
attempt on the President of the linrtt-d
Is'trrtes. Neath ercrs student in this lti|t\|‘l it
ty has stitirc opiriiott about this tlilltlllilllrll‘
incident. What appalls rrrc is the crrliotisttt“"
ot' the comments that many students are
making.

-.s—.-.t.u...........

  

. @otrmtrr

N.

...s-*

 

 

 

 

 

 

The kooky world of college
dating. See ABC 10! and‘other
columns on 2-3a.

 
     

      
 

 

 

Check out the film.
theatre, art and
music hopplnlnnu.
and other dlvoulono

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

 

 

 

' .._ cs_t

 

