 

 

i
i
i

 

 

. ‘uaﬁ-mawwma-ma

 

 

 

 

Miles Davis ’
Directions
Columbia

nce again we are reminded of a

genius that has gone into seclusion

and has left much great music

I behind to remind us of his past and ours and
has also left us with hopes for more to come.
Miles Davis last performed in 1975 and since
that time his private life has been shrouded in-
tales of disease new directions and the

 

Steve Popper

ongoing effects that his music has had on all '
types of Western music. To label Miles as a
hopper. t’nodai free. or fusion player Is to do
him great injustice.
it is true that he was a pioneer be-bop
trumpeter with Charlie Parker's quintets of
the mid 1940's. but that was not his true
idiom. The "cool" was born at his fingertips
when in the late 40's and early 50's his uni.
que Birth ofthe Cool and the ideas surroun-
ding it made an all-too-brief. appearance on
the scene. but left such players as Lee Konltz
and Gerry Mulligan with timeless inspiration.
The early 50's sessions for Blue Note show-
ed Miles making the transition from cool to
more modal jazz. The 1955 Newport Jan
Festival brought his passion for biting off long
legato lines abruptly and generating intensity
without screaming to the public's ear. Unlike
other trumpet players. Miles had an acute
sense for sparseness and quietness. Veteran
trumpeter Roy Eldridge called It “mouse
music." because of its seemingly tame quali-
ty but Miles' quintet of the 1957-59 period
put to rest all such invalid criticisms. Along
with John Coltrane. Philly Joe Jottes. Can-
nonball Adderley. Red Garland and Paul

Mains:me
H  G

5 art atttateur performer l iettd to

{M review films front tire standpoint of

how good or bad the acting was. or

wasn't. Every once in a while a filttt comes

alottg in which the acting. even though fine.
is not tlte interesting or outstanding feature

Mark Muratore

of the film. Michael Mann's Title] is one of
these exceptions.

 

 

Still. who would have thought tlt

Johnny Carson. who was in rare forrti.
Robert Redford actually showed up. as did

drunkards.)

ment of both "Fame" and "Out Here On My

to the point. The opening production number

and even fun.
And what the hell. Redford was there. V

 

Winners, Losers,
Jokers, Boozer-s

he Academy Awards Tuesday night were extremely predictable. This being the
case. 1 was wrong on every major prediction.

really won Best Director? And who would have tltought that for once Best Screenplay
Would have gone to the same film as Best Picture?

Yet one must applaud the Academy for a few minor facets. which are encouraging. The
show was brought in in under four hours. And the votittg rules were made fun of by having
them recited by a chorus of tap-dancing ushers.

“They'll be back a little later to sing you the rules of the 10-40 form." qutpped Emcee

were there. Redford gave a marvelous acceptance speech. and was truly gracious presen-
ting a special award to Henry Fonda. DeNiro rambled Incoherently. thanking everybody in
sight. including Joey LaMotta. "who's suing us."

Billy Dee Williams and Peter O'Toole (i don't give a shit what anyone says —— he should
have won) were the only obviously intoxicated presenters —~ an all~tlme low.

(Of course. John Huston wasn’t there and he's usually good for three or (our average

Dolly Parton was spilling out of a gown apparently made of spray paint and sequins. artd
did a lousy rendition of her song “9 to 5." Irene Cara also performed a mISerabie arrange-

The surprise laugh of the evening turned out to be Luciano Pavarotti who presented Best
Song with an obsequious Angle Dickinson. Pavarotti appeared to be nervous -— mispro-
nouncing Willie Nelson's name. The tenor's eyes lit up as he announced Dolly Parton's
nomination — but who could blame him. How much fun could kissing Michael Gore be?
Still, It did run less than four hours. Reagan's video-taped message was short. and even

lllm‘clln segments. such as honoring famous bits of movie dialogue. were well-put together

."-' V ' v. 'Sorrnd

t .

Chambers (to.name a few). some of the
most influential records were cut including
Milestones and especially Kind ofBiue. With
Miles‘ economical playing and Coltrane's
soul-searching tenor saxophone a great con-
trast of diametrically opposed musical aims
was presented and worked incredibly well.
Modes were used'as the basis for improvisa-

v r

‘ 1%,. t

       
   

 

tion and the effect that this approach had on
lay in particular is still being felt today. Col-
laborations with arranger G" Evans produc-
ed three beautiful records: Sketches 0]
Spain. Porgy 81 Bess and Miles Ahead.
which featured Mlles' trumpet over a dertsely
textured orchestra and which helped to
make him the most popular trumpet player
in jazz at that time.

a: 31:.- ,.

Miles had pioneered two new directions In
jazz. influenced numerous players such as
Sonny Rollins. Bill Evans and John Coltrane
and a change was inevitable. Along with
teenager Tony Williams. Ron Carter. and
Herbie Hancock. he constructed an uncann-
lngly flexible and sensitive rhythm section
that was capable of creating a sinuous
polyrhythmic sound. Three saxophonists
passed through the ranks: George Coleman.
Hank Mobley and finally Wayne Shorter.
Recordings such as E.S.P. and Miles In the
Sky exhibit these new harmonic and
rhythmic freedoms at their most creative.
Electronic keyboards and bass were In-
troduced as were Chick Corea. Joe Zawinol.
Dave Holland. John McLaughlin. Keith Jar-
ret and many others In varying combina-
tions. Critics and jau fans fancy calling Miles
a trendsetter arid maker of jazz stars. but that
is old hat. We are left with the sounds on
vinyl to verify our fanciful atempts at describ-
ing genius.

This present collection features unreleased
material from 1960-1970. These "outtakes"
which Miles ltas now approved for release
Include a Gil Evans orchestration. a version
of Thelonlus Monk's Round Midnight

'recorded in San Francisco. studio sessions

with Jack DeJohnette on drums. 1968 ses-
sions featuring Chick Corea on electric piano
and Dave Holland on electric bass as well as.
John McLaughlin and Billy Cobltam frotrt a
1970 New York date. Three periods of Miles
Davis are presented on this two-record set
with incredible clarity and in a logical and
chronological progression. From the straight
ahead sounds of So Near. So For to the elec-
tric jauy funk vibrations of Directions the
listener has the opportunity and the privilege
to make the transition along with Miles.
These "outtakes" are in no way ittferior to

ael "Mann’s 'l'

i found the acting performances to be
solid. All cast members turned itt profes~
siottal performances. None were really
outstanding. but tlten the film did ttot cott-
cettlrate on character development. It is high
time Tuesday Weld. Hollywood's perennial
"dumb blottde." was given a role with some
real depth to it. Weld's performance itt Thie/
is encouraging.

Enough aboutacting. Thie] is Michael
Mann's first feature filtn. He directs it. he is

at Robert Redford. a first-timer. would have

Robert DeNIro. in fact. all the major winners

Own."

wasn't bad. for ortce. and some of the other

 

- Jlrn DixonI

the executive producer. and he wrote the
script. And. Matttt has produced an in»
terestittg filnt. Visually outstanding. the col-
ors are rich attd well defined. and Mann's
camera seldom gets itt the way of the action.
producing the effect of allowing the audience
the feel part of the scene.

Title] is another of this year's movies
which is based on a novel (Home Inuaslons
by Frattk Holtimer). Title] is a film that
makes the viewer pause. and cottfrottt some
very uncomfortable emotions. We are given.
as Item figures. tewel thieves. Obviously '
thief of any type is ttot a pleasant sort of per-
suit. but in this filttt there are the thieves (our
good guys). attd the criminals (the Mafia. of
course). The thieves. and the title] (played
by James Court). are pitted against the pro-
fessional. attd cold-hearted big business
gattgstets. This is an inspired plot device
which forces the audience to realize that in
the real \vorld there are no purely good guys
verses purely bad guys. but only degrees of
good and had.

Certainly this aspect of Title] will open it
up to much criticism. but it Is an intelligent
way to look at the rigors of life in the late
20th century. Tltat we are trytttg to survive a
battle against forces outside our cotrtrol is the
central message of this trtovle. i

Though Conn and his cronies are pitted
against sortie very ruthless characters who
force Caatt to destroy the fabric of ltls life.
Caart 'wlns lit the end. The last 20 mittutes of
Thie] are graphically violent. and very
depressing. but at flit! same time. optimistic.
No matter how bad a situation gets. we are
told. if you are willing to rely heavily enough
on your own resources. you will emerge as
the victor. Billy Jack. and Its "one flii soldier
rides away" theme are echoed ttt this film's
closing message. and let me emphasise
again. Mann makes these statements visual~

is

What is perhaps the most outstanding
feature of this project is that many of its
statements. which are substantial. are made

April 3. 19%

' New Directions For 13:; Greats

the other material recorded at the sessions;
they are of equal importance to jazz and to
the jazz listener and one can only hope that
the Columbia tape vaults hold more in store
for Miles Davis followers. Regardless at
where Miles Davis is and what he is doing.
one thing can be assured: he prefers the
music to speak for'itself and has always
preferred it that way. Let itl

Jack DeJohnette
New Directions Liue in Europe
ECM

his band recorded In the studios for
g E.C.M. records back in 1978 and
this 1979 date recorded In
Switzerland assures the listener that the band
has the same telepathic abilities irt the studio
as it does In concert. Three of the four tunes
performed on this disc are on the studio
date. All four are DeJohnette compositions.
Side One opens with Jack soloing on his
small set on which he has the ability to play
with Incredible subtlety and fire inter-
changeably like so few drummers can. He
rolls out the red carpet for Salsa ]or Eddie G.
and It's namesake bassist Eddie Gomez.
Along with Lester Bowie on trumpet attd
John Abercromble on guitar and electric
mandolin. this tightly woven composition
unfolds rapidly as all members rise to meet
each other at newly attained musical planes.
DeJohnette which develops Into a duet with
Eddie Gomez whereupon Lester Bowie attd
John Abercrombie combine to paint on the
canvas created by DeJohnette arid Gcmez.
Lester Bowie ltas the most unique trumpet
sound in new music and no words can effec-
tively describe the sounds he coaxes from his
born. This is a fine record; what is left to say?.

ept and/or inane dialogue. in this respect.
one Is reminded of All The President's Men.
ltt fact. many of the shots. particularly one
seemingly pointless. but nonetheless in»
ieresting. of a seemingly bottomless stairwell.
are lifted directly from that film.

For the first time iii a long time. a film
relies on music to set dramatic tone. and im»
part a symbolic message. The music for Title]
was done by Tangerine Dream (who also did
the tnuslc for William Friedkitt's Sorceror a
few years back.) Their electronic style is
brilliantly utilized by Mann. The rttusic lli
Thie] becomes a metaphor for the life of
Frank (James Caan.) This is supported by
tlte fact that Frank ls pushed to the lltnii by

.

   
   

r

Jimmy's In another- Coan Job. ‘

the mob, arid must regain control over the
life he once had. To do this. Frank must
destroy. one piece at a time. the cont-
ponents of his life which detract front his In-
ner strength. The moment that the last
vestige of his exterior visage Is removed. the
music (which had suddenly stopped)
resumes. and becomes louder as Frank
walks into the night and the movie fades top
its end.

There is a statement in Title]. it is
simultaneously depressing and uplifting. To
understand this apparent paradox. you must
see the film. And i urge you to do so. 0

‘I

 

 

 ‘.~ a..~..-v_i.;..i....t.i -‘ '

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wit 3, 1981
M

‘1 - . 

 .l. con

1
v 'UIIIUI

. ‘ {me-7:]

Telethon PerformsA Special Instr

or most. SUNYA's Telethon is the

. twenty—four hours of student enter-

. _iainment that begins this evening in
the Campus Center Ballroom. it's also ten
months of fund raising. including Afternoon
at the Bars. the Dance Marathon. raffle

sales and a host of other events.

'Beth Sexer

 

 

But tomorrow night. after the lights dim.
after the last bar closes and the sales end. the
real business of Telethon ’81 continues: the
business of caring.

    

Many students are not acquainted with the
recipients of the funds Telethon '81 is rais-
ittg. Last year. Telethon '80 raised over
45.000 dollars for the Wildwood School for
Developmentally Handicapped children in
Schenectady and the SUNYA Big Brother-
Big Sister Program. This year. Telethon will
donate its proceeds to the l‘arkhursl
Children's Shelter itt Schenectady arid New
York Special Olympics Area 10.

Since 1914. the Parkltursi Children's
Shelter has provided emergency arid ietn«
porary care for neglected and abused
children aged 28 days to 18 years. Tite
children are referred to Parkhurst by both
public and private agencies in Schenectady.
Albatty. Saratoga and surrounding counties.

Once a child is placed in Parkhurst. ex-
plained the Slielter's director Larry Brown.
“we try to assess the current situation of the
child . . . and try to plot a course for the
most reasonable permanent living situation
for that child."

Last year. children brought to l’arklturst

steam ‘
We Dug

ay back in the begtnttittg of the
semester. I wrote a few mini
reviews of some newly released
albitmsflncluded‘in that article was a review
of an album called Cognac and Bologna by a
band called Doug and the Slugs. Well. i was

Slug Wolf

pretty enthusiastic about this new bartd. and
after seeing them twice in concert over the
past two weeks. it seetnsl picked them right.

While talking to a few of my friends who
have listened to the album. i ttoticed that
they all seem to agree that the band is good.
However. they've told me that "They'll
never make it big with a name like Doug and
the Slugs." You know what guys? Who the
hell cares? The music does all of the talking
when these guys start to play. it doesn't mat-
ter If their name was Dogshit. they'd still be a
great battd. (OK. maybe Dogsltil is going a
little overboard. but you get the point.)

The Slugs do not have any set type of
music or style. Tlteir songs range front “New
Wave" to Swing to Blues. all of which is
done with just one thing itt tnlnd —‘ that the
listener have fun and enjoy himself. And eti-
)oy oneself one does!

Over the spring break. Dong Bennett
came into J.B. Scott's with the Slugs —~

 

Richard Baker on Gibson guitar; Steve '

stayed for an average period of two weeks.
Parkhurst can house up to 10 children at a
time and accommodates approximately 250
children per year.

After that. there are a range of options
considered for a more permanent living ar-
rangement for the child.

The most desirable option is to return the
child to his home. if the home situation is
found to be impossible. options such as
releasing the child for adoption or placing'
him in a foster family or group home are ex~
plored. The least desirable option. that of
placing the child in art institutional home. is
considered only if the child is too disturbed
to continue in the other environments.

in the last twr) years. Brown said. the
focus of Parkhurst has shifted, While
l’arkltursl still functions as a 244mm shelter
for children in need of protection. more at)
lenlion will be directed towards helping the
family cope with a bad situation.

The Child Welfare Reform Act of 197‘).
whiclt took effect Wednesday. means a
"substantial increase it) ‘prevuntive service~ to
provide intensive counseling services to avert
and prevent placement itt llll' foster care
system." said Brown.

More significant titan the reform act
though. Brown said. is a November 15 state
"change lit designation" of l‘arkhurst from it
group home to a group emergency care
facility.

"l’at'khut'st had historically
warehouse -- kids that didn't have a place to
go wercI dropped at the shelter."

However. along with increased funding
and additional staff at l’arkhttt'sl. flit! shelter
has become more involved itt the evaluation
and decision-making concerning a child's
situation.

Brown added that Dr. 'l'hrnttas ‘l'tavantzis.
who assumed the position of Executive
Director of l’arkhurst tw” years ago. has
“changed and expanded the focus of the
program." Proceeds from Telethon '81 will
be used to help expand Parklrurst program-
ming. SUClt as providing iii-home counseling
to families. rather titan removing the child
front the home.

“The focus is no longer just on the cltlld.
or the mother--we look at the family system.
We're going to the source." said Brown.

Brown said that there is no way to
generalize about the feelings of those
children brought to Parkhursl. "When a child
comes to Parkhurst. we're talking about a
cltild in crisis . . . we're dealing with a very

been a

   
   

helpless or a very angry child."

Brown approximated that one-third of the
children view Parkhurst as a haven. “it's a
safe place. The rest (of the children) is a mix-
ed bag."

Telethon Co-Chair David Yokel said that
“most of the people who visited Parkhurst

'from SUNYA were very hesitant at first.

 me

Because they did not understand the
children's handicap. they didn't know what
to expect.

“i personally fell,tltat it was hard to talk to
tltcI l’arklturst children at first because i knew
they felt the stigma of being neglected or
abused." Yokcl said.

During the course of the year.Telethon'81'
held several parties and visited with the
l’arkltut'si children to encourage interaction
between them and the students.

"Just recently. Telethon staff visited
l’arkhurst to spend a couple of hours with
them." Yokel said. "Most of the kids there
had just recently come to the shelter.and
because of this, it was like starting over again
in gettirtg to know them. We found the kids
to be very receptive and excited about our

 

visit. Because of our visit the children will feel
more comfgrtable when they come to
Telethon tonight.” ' '
The second recipients of Telethon '81
funds. New York Special Olympics Area.10.

'was organized in 1970 to provide sports

training and participation for approximately
1.000 mentally retarded children in Albany.

Schenectady. Rensselaer. Schohari. Col~
umbia and Greene counties.

Special Olympics is based on the belief
that. through athletic competition and con-
tinued encouragement to participate in
sports. rt. 'ntally handicapped individuals
cart gain cortfidence in themselves and build
a more positive self image.

The proceeds Area 10 receives will be us-
ed to provide facilities and equipment for
training programs as well as uniforms and
transportation to attd frntn events for Area
10 athletes.

“Telethon is one of the most exciting
events that our athletes ever had a chance to
experience." said Area 10 Fundraising and
Public Relations Chair Lyn Polser. “And
that excitement will contirtue thanks to the
monies that will be realized by this benefit.

“We‘re really delighted with Telethon and
all the wonderful friends we've made at
SUNYA."

Telethott (Io-chair Sidonie Contitto said.
“i think we've learned a lot about witat
Parkhurst and Special Olympics do for the
kids that they serve by v nking not only with
the kids. but with the staff too.

“l'm sure that the students who were in-
volved with Telethon view their experiences
as very rewarding ones."

“Taking Time to Care.‘ the tlteme of
Telethon '81. captures the spirit of those
who have donated their time and money to
help disadvantaged children. Tonight. at
8:00 pm. all University and community
members are invited to help the ballroom
come alive for the 24>hour culmination of a
year of warmth. caring and devotion. I

A lever Slusless Douglas

Bosley on bass; John Burton on Fender
Strat; Simon Kendall on Keys; and John
Wally Watson on drums. Not too many peo-
ple caught that Show because of the break.
but those who did made damn sure the Slugs
came back one tnore time before returning to
Canada.

As is their custom. the Slugs opened the
show minus Doug. On the eievettth. the
opetting number was an instrumental that
had just a hint of a Dire Straits influence in it.
John Burton took the lead guitar on this
song and showed the audience just what he
could do. Both he and Baker are extremely
talented guitarists who exchange lead and

 
   

. 9.5”»-

l)oug Bennett then made his etttrance and
the battd proceeded ittio what is probably
their tnost well known song. “Chinatown
Calculation." The rest of the nlgltt was a
series of original songs. and oldies such as
James Brown's “I Feel Good." Between
songs Doug wuuld crack jokes about mastur-
bation and sex. which. it seems. are his
favorite subjects rtext to Rock ‘n' Roll,

Bertnett looks something like a chubby.
middle aged banker rather titan the Rock ‘tt'
Roller that he is. But he sings with intensity.
and knows ltow to get a crowd up and danc-
ing. By the end of the night he had the
crowd of perhaps one hundred people bop-
ping to the "Cool Jerk" and calling the band

    

 

J?‘ ’2“

‘ ...
Doug. John. Rick. Steve. Simon and John Wally orrjoylng o roloxlng

evening at home.

back for what seemed like fifty encores.
Nobody wanted the show to end. but the
band had to travel South to do shows in New
York and Washington. DC. They did pro—
mise to'be back. however. and last Friday
they made good on it.

Friday's show was. If it is at all possible.
even better than the first. There was a sizable
crowd at J.B. Scoits and they were hungry
for a good time. From the first song to the
last. people were cheering. dancing and
having a good time. Once again the Slugs
ran through their originals while adding a
few surprises such as the classic "96 Tears."

For the final song of the set. the band had
a special surprise In store. Blotto. the band
.he Slugs had toured with. came on stage.
and together they did a fantastic version of
“Secret Agent Man." Once again the crowd:
did rtot want the band to leave. and had,

ed the show with a beautiful rendition of
"Tropical Rainstorm." a song this writer feels
is their best. This rendition had the crowd
swaying and couples slow dancing.

Doug and the Slugs may have a funny
name. but they are defittitely notlttng to
laugh at. if you've never heard their songs.
suy. borrow. or steal their album; you won’t
be disappointed. if they ever visit Albany
again. catch ihent; you'll have the time of
I you're life. 0

 

 

them come back for two encores. They end- "

 

“ti



