  
   

it
i

“9.1:. .-. Liv»:

 

 

 

 

'2‘ “Vienna? I» 

 
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
   
   

rsrmﬁ~eﬁﬂM=¢Wnrwrvvp a, _ I I , I ‘

  
  

 

 

 

.4 'Now Pattern ..

Military Economy

W ,

The Reagan administration has arrived.
And with it — a new pattern, a new way of
doing things. You might even say a new
value system has emerged in America with
the advent of the Reagan administration.

The Reagan world is a world in which
money for the 13-1 bomber is more impor-
tant than money for school lunch pro-
grams. Where money for subway systems to
transport missiles (the MX) is more impor-
tant than taking New York City residents
from Brooklyn to Manhattan to go to
work. Where give aways to welfare motlters
are a sin, and give aways to oil companies
(in the form of decontrol of energy prices)
is an economic virtue.

it doesn't take a seer to realize that the
Reagan economic proposals spell disaster
for students, low income people,

minorities. and women. The President, in
his nationally televised address to the nation
on Thursday, February 19th. made it
p-“fectly clear that America's program of
massive reamtament will be financed by
reductions in social programs desperately
needed in a period of high inflation and
unemployment. in a rare moment of blunt-
ness. the President said on Thursdav: “The
taxing power of government must be used
to provide revenues for legitimate govern-
ment purposes . . . it must not be used to
regulate the economy or bring about social
change . . ."
if our nation continues in its present path
of transferring dollars and capital invest-
ment from the civilian to the military sector
of the economy. America‘s economic
troubles will become even more serious
than they are at present. First. studies show
that military spending reads to unemploy-
ment. The Federal Bureau of Labor
Statistics found that for every billion
dollars the government spends on the
military. 75,710jobs are created. but if the
same billion were spent on construction.
100.072 jobs would be created —- an in-
crease of 24.362 jobs. if the same billion
dollars were spent on education. 187.299
jobs would be created.
Secondly, military spending is highly in-
ﬁationary. As Marion Anderson. director
of Employment Research Associates

reported in a study for the Mael'iinists'
union: "Most military contractors produce
on a cost-plus basis. They have no incentive
to improve efﬁciency and cut waste. Con-
tractors get guaranteed profits no matter
what the costs incurred. As their proﬁts are
calculated as a percentage of their costs,
their basic incentive is to‘increase their costs
and thus their profits .

These resources are used in the produc-
tion of military hardware and services at the
expense of their availability to the civilian
sector. Bombs, missiles. submarines. and
tanks cannot be bought by. the public. They
add nothing to the supply of consumer
goods and cannot be either reused or utiliz-
ed in the production of other goods.
Therefore. the stock of civilian goods and
services is reduced and the market prices of
raw materials are bid up thus pushing up
prices along the production chain for all
goods and services.

The federal government must borrow
money in the open market to finance the
military. This not only adds to the federal
debts. it adds to the interest cost ofservices
on the debt. and it bids up interest rates —
the price of money - which everyone has
to pay.

Contractors themselves enterthe money
markets to borrow capital for military pro-
duction. This reduces the availability of
capital for the civilian sector and gives an
additional boost to interest rates.

A massive campaign by progressive
forces is needed to pressure the Reagan ad-
ministration to reverse the pattern of
sacrificing basic human needs to ﬁnance
American intervention around the globe. A
coalition of Albany area groups. including
the Community for Common Sense and the
Albany Citizens Party. is sponsoring a
demonstration against 'the budget cuts on
Saturday at 11:00 AM at the Federal Office
Building in Albany (Clinton and South
Pearl Streets. opposite the Palace Theater).
With your presence, you can make a con-
tribution to the building of a progressive
coalition in our area that can reverse the na-
tional priorities from the military towards
fulﬁllment of human nt ~ds.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mail Gripe

To the Editor:

Can anything be done to improve the on
campus mail service? is there really such a
thing? 1 wonder. First of all. my roommate
sent a Christmas card. last semster, to an
on-campus friend. he has yet to see it.
Secondly. 1 got this pink notice (2/18/81)
saying that l owed 15 cents on a letter which

 

_was waiting for me at the Pine Hills Post

Ofﬁce. So, 1 devoted 45 minutes of Tues-
day. Feb. 24 to take the bus down, pick up
the letter and catch a bus back up. in the
process, 1 found out the hard way that
there‘s no bus stop at the corner of Western
and Pine streets. What business is it of
yours? in the top right-hand corner of the
envelope was written. very clearly, “ON
CAMPUS MAIL", and my friend states
that she'd mailed it in the mailbox under
the archway at Colonial Quad. How it got
to Pine Hills is a mystery to me. Does
anybody else have an explanation?!
Angela M. Schwartz

Our Future

To the Editor:

We think we are so grand! Elephants are
grand. 1 saw a little boy. possessor of our
future. and he was sueking a lollipop. i ask-
ed him his namc. He said to me: “You are
black!" Chairs and tables are made of
wood. are they not? Who does not see
wooden faces or wooden eyes on a walk
across SUNYA's own podium? We must
stop and think and live. and end our ex-
istence as mere pieces of wood!

in my native land. there is hatred and
war. People kill for pleasure. There certain-
ly is much to be thankful for in these United
States. But we must terminate these images
which maddcned.Without social or moral
conditioning. we are animals who flash
teeth. Designer jeans may appeal to our
animal drives..but can they feed the hungry
people of Africa or Asia???

 

A. Fraakiel

 

PUNY

To the Editor:

Welcome to PUNY Albany. the Private
University of New York at Albany, unless
students decide that it is time to stop
Carey’s service cuts and price hikes.

A State University system implies that the

state is picking up much of the costs 01' run-

 

 

ning the system, but this is no longer the
case. Our tuition is going up. our room
rents are going up, our board rates are go.
ing up, and none of these increases are due
to inflation.

The increases are due to the fact that the
governor no longer wants to subsidi/e the
system. We feel. however. that litrottgh tilt:
legislature. budget cuts can be restored and
tuition hikes rolled back.

Therefore. we are organizing rt I ()ttm'
DAY this Monday, March 2nd. There will
be a meeting on Sunday, March 1st (it 7:30
in the Fireside Lounge to explain whzrt loit-
bying is all about and how to do it.

Lobbying is the very important next \lL‘D
to insuring that New York retain lorrtrrtr.
public, higher education. We don't uum
PUNY. if you have any questions cull Jim
Tierney at 457-8780 or Alan Weinet m
457-7868.

Drive l’trlugt-

Drunken Fun

To the Editor:

1 don‘t know who the alleged he was. itlld
I doubt that he knew me either. or the other
people he decided to have fun with. lust tr
little drunken fun. He probably tell its c’rrnl
as hell punching mirrors off people's cuts.
The bill for damages: about a hundred
bucks, and none of it is covered hr in-
surance

This happened to me last Friday night
while parked on lndian Quad. 1 run not
alone; reports like this seem to errrp rrp
every weekend night. Where is SllNYA's

'security and what is the Deptrrtrnent of
Public Safelty doing about this ptrrhlt-rrr'.’
The answer 1 received when 1 ml rd .t
security ofﬁcer was, “People are drrrnl . m
you‘ll just have to expect it." He \ittd 'trrx
while at least five of his co-wokers “t”. \11»
ting inside the security office killitit‘ illltt':
one of the officers was cleaning in» run
(Yes. Virginia. they have guns no“)

1 realize that patrolling a Calllplls tri tlth
size is a large task. but nL‘VL‘riltciusx thew
acts of vandalism should not go llllllttlltt‘ti.
On any given day you cart count on t‘rrrdrrrg
a security car patrolling Perimeter Rtrtrt1,trr
a couple of parked cops talking in at purl my
lot. But how often do you see an officer trtt
foot where his simple presence would he tr
deterrent?

The problem is complex. There tut-
“lways going to be jerks who insist on
damaging Other people‘s prOperty; but the

 

'%
%/.C

/.

 /

////

H
z
9 r/

’//
7/ ,/l  I ///,,
(4, /%

 

     

WWI/L

College- Press Servrce

 
  

re REAGAN

police protection that we pay for should. at
bare minimum. work in our favor and not
pass us off as “drunken kids."

Ronttltl In:

Animal Cruelty

To the Editor:

Consumer fraud is one thing. lrrrl
downright cruelty to animals give irttcrrrtrls
boundless grief.

On Tuesday. February 17, my stritettrtrtc
and I went to Pet World in the Northutr)‘
Mall. Colonie to purchase a Red-liar Slider
turtle. After gently caring for the ttrttlt'.
whom we named Cocoa. we discoverer] tlr.rr
he seemed unusually sluggish and peaked.

On Sunday, February 22. only fi\e dtrt~
after we purchased him. the turle ttppcutr‘d
Virtually motionless, giving my stritetnutm
and l the impression that he was tlettd. [lrrrt
Sunday. we went to Pet World with lltt' IrIi
tle after phoning tltertt about our rlilt-rrrrrm
A than by the name of Tour (illcidcnlulh.
the man who sold us the :tltilltitli AI'
proachcd us and hastily opened the trlrr-Jrr
bug which housed ottr turtle. After Ctllt'i‘Ji
inspection. Torn told us tltttt the littilt' rm .
in fact. not (lead. but itt :t L'tutmtuwd slrr‘r'
He discovered this by fully otrtxtrt-ttirttrt'
Coeozt‘s ttrrns and legs until titt- trrr lit' uI'H"
Ned to resist. Al than point, \xr urn-PW"
that Tom give us it r'el'urttl. lie t‘\.[r|.ttlrr ti I”
its that he was partners \tillr illx irrrrliui
lien. and although he was tr p.utr;r1 m- Ir“
it “isn‘t store policy to give urn tei‘rtlrrl "
Attempting to keep our inrsirrua». ht' ~tr~
that he would “give (us) it htmi " 

 

 

 

   
 
 

another turtle ifa friend ot‘his tlrrrut'l" “h”

 

 

   
  
 
 
  
 
   
   
    
         
     
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
      
    
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
    
   
     
   
     
  

- 'w m... mp. . , ,
In a v» .-.. .._ , A. a“ s... ,. ....  .. ..

 

\
, were...»  w
A < . < 'r

unﬁt...“ H ._u g

5.... .avwwd. M

John Irvin directs Fred
Astaire in Ghost Story, now
filming in the Capital
District. See centerfold.

 

  
 
  
 
  

  
  
  
  
  
   

The return of: '
“Mr. Trivia" and
the root of the -'
regulars on
page 8-.

  
   

 
 
 
 

 

 

