--rwv_ ~ A.

gm. “-A..-.‘.g_p... _...~ . _.

 

1“

 

’ Illzggs f . . .
'l'earclrop Explosion More LI

Tow....s.-q .«a»..--a...--~.v». ..»r.-

 
 

 

 

..‘.:.-:"“ 0" T-v -v .

Mar'ch 3. 1981]

 

 

he past year or so has seen the

g emergence of a whole new.‘ uh.
wave of British bands, but only a

select few have received any real exposure
on this side of the Atlantic. Yankee record
companies -— feeling a recessionary pinch —-
are reluctant to sign' any I‘product" that may
"not fare well commercially. As a result.
albums b ex erimental but Innovative

- Jim, .ia'iie

bands like Joy Division and The Ralncoats
linger in the Import bins. available for nine.
and ten bucks a shot. ‘

A mainstream (that is. ordinary) oriented
band has more of a chance‘at getting a crack
at the lucrative American market. Not sur-
prisingly. then. The Teardrop Explodes have

Fad
Passing

t has been a long. and Indeed

j strange trip for guitarist Ritchie

‘ Blackmore and his band Rainbow.

Six years and five albums after their birth In

'75. Rainbow appeared at J.B. Scotts. with

the intensity and vitality of a bucking bronco.

affirming themselves as one of the hottest
bands alive.

Joe Willy

rBlackmore. who irst gained recognition
as the lead guitarist of the rock powerhouse.’
Deep Purple. proved to the sold-out crowd

that Rainbow is (or real. Blackmore first got,
\‘ne him: to (arm \hls band alter the welcome oi

the Purple's last all in) Stornibringer. Risking
his reputation and his financial security-
(Deep Purple was still one of the biggest
bands around), Blackmore decided it was
time to try something new. He met a
relatively unknown singer. Ronnie James
Dio. enlisted the support of his producer-
friend Martin Birch. and with Gary Driscoll.
Craig Gruber. and Mickey Lee Soule. they
combined their colors to form the first album.
Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow.

Though the first album received good
reviews. Ritchie was still unsatisfied. and so
decided another album would be in order.
With a new drummer. Cozy Powell (famous
for his resemblance to Jeff Beck). bassist
Jimmy Rain. and keyboardist Tony Carey.
the re-grouped Rainbow began once again,
Releasing their second album. Rising. and a
third live album. On Stage. it seemed only a
matter of time before the band would conv
quer. But as the music business is so uncer-
tain and volatile. the Rainbow never achiev-
ed the superstardom many had predicted.
When Powell and Dio (now :.lnglng with
Black Sabbath) left the band. many
suspected Rainbow to be formally defunct.
lmpetuous Ritchie. however. didn't quit.
and with keyboardist Don Airey. bassist
Rpger Glover. drummer Rod Rodlnellt. and
singer John Lynn Turner. the new Rainbow
released perhaps their best album to date.
DI/Itcult to Cure. It was with the title track of
this album that Rainbow opened the'show.

Storming on stage while the loudspeakers
sweetly sang "Somewhere Over the Rain-
bow" from the Wizard 0/ Oz. the crowd was
verging upon hysteria as 'Blackmore.
customarily draped in black shirt and pants.
rlffed off lightning leads on his ancient
Stratocaster. He vaulted himSelf so

 

 

 

. had their debut album. titled Kilimanjaro.
released domestically on the American Mer-
cury label. This foursome. who hall from
Liverpool, play a somewhat restrained brand
of rock-pop that. giventhe right exposure
(something Mercury is known for). could hit
relatively well over here. They write
melodlcaily accessible songs, heavy in the

~ beat' department and propelled by keyboard
and synthesizer passages that account for
their pop orientation.

Leading the band is vocalist-bassist Julian
Cope. Cope has a deep. husky voice that br-

Ings to mind The Jam's Paul Weller. He ls'

something of a romantic and many of his
lyrics examine a confrontation with a rela-
tionship or a lover. Lyrically. Cope Is a
modest talent but. while he doesn't have

Through With Flying colors

energetically and collapsed to his knees with
such agility that you might have
thought him to be a practicing gymnast
rather than the rock guitarist. survivor of the
sixties and seventies that he is.

Their songs that night spanned the entire
spectrum of Rainbow's history. from "Catch
the Rainbow." a song from the first album in
which Blackmore mlmed the more complex
patterns of some classical music. to the most
recent. “l Surrender." and “Midtown Tunnel
Vision." Arid a stunning version of "Man on
the Silver Mountain." which might tell us
more about the true Ritchie Blackmore than

any of his other titles or lyrics.
Through some nostalgic inn: may have

Amateur:

A

anything particularly revealing to say. he
does at least avoid resorting to the easy
cliches that often accompany the subjects he
deals with. And while he isn't as punky as
Weller is (or was). he is no wimp either.
Tune-wise. there is again little revelation.
but the band does occasionally excel. To my
ears. the' stand-outs are "Treason" and
"Sleeping Gas." On "Treason.". guitarist

Allan Gill and keyboardist David Balfe pro-
vide fluent acoustic-synthetic textures that
remind me of Joy Division's brilliant “Love
Will Tear Us Apart." With enough radio
airplay. this song could be a hit. And on the
harder rocking “Sleeping Gas." Gill and
Balfe bang and weave In and out of a two
chord structure until Balfe's synthesizer takes
over and spins into a trance-like. minimalistic

  

.- » .4
Ritchie Biaclnnore: Free of Deep
Purple and exploring new opac-

I I '0‘”.

11' Showers 'I'he

eeing James Taylor at Proctor‘s
Qy'rheatre Saturday night was like

having a concert in the privacy of
your own living room. Telling the audience
that he had never played at a "theatre"
before. J'i' seemed to perform with a much
more natural and comfortable style than
when playing at larger arenas like SPAC or
the as‘au Coliseum. The small size of Proc~

Robyn Graziano
and Jeff States

tor'siwas conducive to a very mellow arid en-
joyable evening. instead of anticipating

 

 

guitar jamming and a I'UWdle performance.

the audience was entertained by JT as
himself - a one-man-sliow.

The opener. “Carolina in My Mind." was
followed by a story about his pig Mona. who
had died recently. To James. she looked like
a football when she was born and grew up
only to eat the back lights off his Porsche. He
sang a tune in her memory which had the
audience laughing at his simple down-home
humor.

"Baby it's Cold Outside." written by Frank
Loesser. was done in an atypical manner. To
James' left. under the glow of a blue
spotlight. was a reel-to-reel tape recorder.
When turned on. it enabled James to sing a
duet with himself -~ a voice on the tape
which tried to out-do the voice on stage.

The first set was complete with JT classics
such as “Sweet Baby James." “Something in

n u

the Way She Moves. Fire rind Rain" and
“How Sweet it is." in which the audience
joined in. We felt that he was definitely ltito
playing his older stuff instead of the recent
cuts off JT and Flag. When a lady in the au-
dience requested him to play “Traffic Jam."
he called her a “rude lmpetuous bitch" in the
same tone that he referred to his sister. who
was responsible for giving him his pig. He
their said. "My Mommy gave me a note say-
itig I don't have to play any last songs
tonight." That was fine though. since the
quality of his voice was at its best, com-
plemented by the small size of the theatre.
Watching James and his guitar was like
listening to a copy of James Taylor's
Greatest Hits with the added attraction of
having him do it for you himself. '

Joined on stage with Leland Sklar on
bass. Dan Dugmore on guitar. and Ricky
Mulotta on drums. Taylor opened the se-
cond set with "Blossom." and then the
mood changed to funky and bluesy with
"Siemnroller." This was a definite high point
in the show as was "Mexico." which was
played at a quicker pace. '
‘ Anticipating a guest appearance by Carly
Simon. we were disappointed because we
only got to hear her sing background vocals
on “Shower the People." recorded on the
source previously used under the blue
spotlight. A new song entitled "It Used To Be
Your Town 'lorr. :oncernlng what it‘s like

lie A Pop

/

drone that is effectiver atmospheric.

Of the other songs. a few great momems
stand out: the guitar rave-tip in the middle of
"Ha. Ha, l'm Drowning." Cope's obsessive
vocal on "Went Crazy." and the carefully
paced and rather soulful horns m.
"Reward."

While this debut album rocks hard at
times. and while Julian Cope occasionally
gets serious with himself. it is the lighter pup
leanings that lend this band its greatest up.
peal. l hope The Teardrop lixplndes pin
gress In a pop direction because I'm uni 5mg
if they possess enough talent in dulirt-r
anything tnore than a few seconds at
pleasure (although there's nothing \nnng
with that). They are a good but siglllllt‘iiltllt
unspectacular band. Forever lives the agent
mediocrity. .

been disappointed that Rainbow lirrin‘t lilti.
more of the older material. a long in.
follower Would have sensed thr» l‘\'itl\ltin:.
the thread which survives to ill“ incur-v
thriving on the glorious past Ainl lllt! p2,?
was gloriously brought to life during lllL’t’t,
core, with the Deep Purple clnssir . “Lari
preceeding the grand finale. "Long Li‘u
Rock and Roll." a most appltipiiiilt' \t‘ri‘,'t
end the evening with a bang.

Rainbow has come a long way. and urlf-e
most bands. has had the strength in urn-w
top. We can only hope that they will rriur
soon. that we may praise the last \‘l‘strgesr‘
and pray for. the Long Life of linrk iiii‘.
Roll. '

People

for a woman after a divorce. Ht't‘iili'tl in

spicuously placed here. although lnrliii .:
say that this song had nothing to tilt nitlii-
recent break-up with Carly We not tlrt‘ i:.
presslon he was missng her ulnlu unit'-
"Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight" \t'llllill'
of feeling.

~ Another selection off his lit‘\|.' lill‘lllli. w
titled Dad Loves His Work wn» "Sini-
Trade." a song about "who! pvupk' tiltlll'
the boats in the 1800's . . . pulw rtlul list"
From what we heard of this new lllltiilli.\'-\'
Would say that it is a typiml .l'l' .rilinni iiiii
tunes about a wide range of lupin :n lltl’rti
lists well known style. It's too llilll lln' .m-
dlence wanted to hear his llt‘Wt't slllll lih‘
"Handy Man" and "On the Root" humus-in
‘us. the older stuff is still the trust. us innit!
'dicated by his last numbers. "(‘onnirvltnriil"
and “You've Got a Friend."

Singing for a solid thr lttittrs. (lil' slimr
was complete with an encore lt’lt'llt'll tint”
lullaby . . . so mellow and easy we iwiv
ready to fall asleep right tin-re \t‘lslilllg
we were really home iii our living it'llllli ""
toying constant conversation '.it'l\\’l’|’l| stiltiii

 

Next time JT is lit town. t’hjit't’lrillv it he
Plays at a small size illitllltitltilil. liu I5
dellnltelv worth seeing. it's d niw swilt‘li
lmm hearing him in the (ltt'ptltstrtldlllt’ll at
musphere of the bigger auditorium» Ii Wins
a shame that just because you are really
famous. you Can't be yorn’svll .ril the “mm

 

r

 

an N- Terra?“
warm DONG.

  

 

 

 

 

/
ME EITHER, Bur l SURE ace Au. I ‘
HADTIML

HAD Fﬂ/ FOR'wAs swarms

AND HOMEWORK.

 

some bTU T
can K3553 3.3%
What were t‘tME.

REALLY.
'i ' )i
4'». .4— ,4 . '
-~ ...5 .5"

 

 

 

 

LEM»: mm int

 

Pix of the Week — 0-2 at J.”-
Scott- 'i'huroday night. The"
guy. will be BIG!

- . . The Teardrop Expiodes will
be appearing at J.B. 360'“
Wednesday night. Tickets are 53
($4 at door) and are available I"
the Record Co-op.

 

 

 

 

 

    
      

IMarch 3,, 198'

 

2 saw a play this weekend. We
watched all of It. At the end. we
'clapped.

The play we saw was called No Exit. it was
Written in French by Jean-Paul Sartre. and
translated by Paul Bowles, it was shown in
the Lab theatre of the SUNYA Performing
Arts Center. We thought it was very well per-
formed.

Mr.Bruc'e W. Fox‘

Actually. we were not entirely unfamiliar
with the play. We had read it before. for Dr.
Martiand's existentialism class. We thought it
was very good then. too.

We don't think they used the same transla-
llott in the production as the one we read for
Dr. Martland. We remember reading a few
lines in our translation which they didn't say.
We can't remember exactly which lines they
were. however. and unfortunately we loan-
ed our copy of the play to our sister in
Pouglikeepsie. who still has it. We gave the

Dela-view

 

riiirlit‘e Bergen once said that the
g problem with Working in films is

that your mistakes can come back
no .itiunt you. As soon as someone achieves
some level of every piece of
.cellulokl they ever appeared in suddenly
{starts appearing on screens all over the court-
'try. The rurelease of Sylvester Stalloiie‘s pm»

SlitQL'L'SS.

.no movie after Rocky is probably the most

 

Mark Rossier

famous example. but i myself am rather fond

 

'of the way CBS dug up an old episode of

Mauritx that Diane Keaton stared in and
reran it after her Annie Hall Oscar win.
Mercenary distributors will release almost
anything in an effort to cash in on a star's
popularity.

That lesson is currently being learned by
both Goldie Hawn and the audience who
gets suckered itito seeing Loiiers and Liars.

This is not the film Huwn has chosen to
make as the follow-up to her back-to-back
success with Private Benjamin and Seems

meleljlav

\ - ..

copy to her when she had to write a book
report for her twelfth grade English class. We
didn't know then that we would be reviewing
the play for Aspects now. How could we? 50
you see. we cannot be blamed.

We do remember one thing. though. We
remember that in our translation. Cradeau

—

   

9

-
.
 ﬁt 

. l - '
Deborah Sperry. Lynn Holland
and Glenn Russow rehearse a
scene from the PAC's No Exit.
Photo: Will Yunnan

Like ()ld Titties. This gem was tirade four
years ago and never released. Well. maybe it
did play somewhere. but i doubt it reached
anything resembling a major American city.
Now. thanks to the ever resourceful Levitt-
l’ickinan organization. Lovers and Liars is
finally reaching a mass audience. but i don't
think anyone who stumbles into the theater
(is going to be very grateful. But. we can't
blame Levitt-Pickman for that. They only
release movies. they don't make them.
Though Lovers and Liars might have been
better if they did.

if it wasn't better. one thing is certain. it
couldn't have gotten any worse. This is a
dreadful ltallan-made. dubbed in Frigilsh.
sex farce that would have been dated in l968
and looks absolutely absurd now. i must
have missed the part where they introduced
the plot because as far as I could see. nothing
happens during the hour-and-a—half running
time. At least nothing that tnade any sense.

For some reason. Giancarlo Gianinni
decides to give Hawn a ride to Pisa. Along
the way they fight. make love. and get iii-

A Night At The

t‘s a rarity to see opera in this area.
j which tirade it an extra special treat

this past week to have the
Chamber Opera Theatre of New York in
residence at the Empire State Performing
Arts Center. Offering a program of three
one-act operas. Thursday night's bill proved
to be an enjoyable evening as this fine com-
pany treated area opera buffs to Gian Carlo

Kathy Kissane

Menotti's hilarious tale of The Old Mold and
tlia'Thie]. and tiﬂCunS lberl's comic farce
Angelique. The third presentation. ermano
Wolf-Ferrari's ltallan drawing room force.
The Secret of Suzanna. was performed
Wednesday. Friday and Sunday evenings
along with the Menotti opera. while Angeli-
que was done Thursday and Saturday cven~
ings.

The Old Maid and ffit’ Title] is an opera
originally ..ttended for radio presentation.
which the Chamber ()pi'rri 'i'lietrtrc of New
York has turned into ll fully staged produc-
tion. We get the added benefit of actually
seeing the cast perform twu roles
simultaneously Set in an NBC radio studio,
the action concerns itself with four per-
formers relietirsing a rtitlio opera. First we
have the aging divu who sings the role of
Miss Todd in the radio show (Diane Ar-
Next there's the professional

mislead).
' i as Bob. our would—be thief

leading man

(Michael Scarborough). Add the rising
young star as the maid Laetitia (Jane
Seaman) and you've got the story. on the
radio as well as off. Miss Seaman had it
rather touching aria that the audience
especially liked. and in which she got a
chance to show off a crystal clear soprano
voice. Also giving an audience pleasing per»
formance was Chris Santy as The An-
nouncer. who kept the audience laughing
with his elaborately executed sound effects
routine. Rounding out the cast was a
delightfully versatile character woman (Molly
Stark) portraying Miss Todd's nosey. gossipy
’ ‘ .

Sc rborou h dArIn
friend to a tee. All drew good distinctions
between their two characters for the au.
dience to see. To be funny and sing well at
the some time isn‘t easy. but this group tnade
it look like it was.

Second on Thursday night's program was

lbert's comic farce Angelique. with the

English translation by FJru Rachlln. it's the
classic siluatioii oi thcI henpecked husband
and the shrewish wile. But this husband is
rather enterprising in that he concocts a

      

 

It Was Verycood I 

says “Hell is other people." During the per—
formance. Cradeau said "Hell is just other
people." We cringed. We nearly died. How
could he? The other way Is so much more
succinct. We hoped he wasn't ad llbblng.

We suppose we ought to tell you what the
play was about. In case you didn't see It. Of
course. if you didn't see it. you probably
aren't reading this review. so what's the use?
in either case. the play ls so darned com-
plicated. and so much has been written
.about it academically. we wouldn't be
presumptuous enough to tell you our inter~
pretatlon. Suffice to say the play is basically
about three dead people locked in a room
.for all eternity. who create their own Hell
through the sheer dynamics of their per-
sonaltties.

One of the dead people locked in the
room is Cradeau. the “macho man" turned
coward. l‘lL‘ was played by Glenn E.
Russow. We though he was very good. ex-
cept sometimes be was it little too stiff.'i'le
was also constantly harsh. loud and illi'

 

volved in a tratiir:~ accident. Oh. and his
father is'xdylh'g. though he doesn't want her
to know that the ending Is one of those
vague slow-motion things that may or not be
a fantasy In the mind of a hero.

If the plot is pointless. the characters are
even worse. Anita (Hawu) is just a shell. We
know as little about her at the end as we do
at the beginning. She spends most of the
movie waiting for Guido (Giannini) to come
pick her tip. but we're never told what she

rl

noyed. We‘wisbed he would try some other
tones of voice to give the character mor
dimension. ' ,

We thought Deborah Sperry did a terrific
job as the avariclous “dumb bionde." Estelle.
She perfectly combined passivity with utter
confusion. and tortured her fellow Hell-
mates in the most beguilingly indirect of
manners.

Lynn Holland stole the show as the
wonderfully contemptuous lesbian. lnez.
She was the very essence of "bitch." Her
face reeked of evil and hatred. even as she
smiled. Her seduction scene with Estelle was
hypnotic. and the sheer disgust and envy she
portrayed when Estelle refused to comply
was unnervineg realistic.

What else can we say? We saw the play.
we have written about it. but tiow we must
move on. We have a test later this week
which we must study for. We are also going
to a birthday party later this evening. We had
so little time to write this review. So yoti see.
if it is not atrv good. We cannot be blamed.

'l'urnl'ns Goldie Into Cash

feels for lriiri or why she \viiin-s her time
waiting She is given one bit of background
to establish why she's in Italy. and other than
that. nothing For all the audience knows.
she could be on nxv-nnrrdoruss.

The problem with ('nrillo is just the. op-
posite We get reruns of background on him
and his problems. We llL'r'il’ his life-story from
birth. and o (ltillcr life you couldn't find. He
is filled with guilt and anger and bitterness
and resentment. but do we know why — I
should say not. Are we told why he is a com-
pulsivo liar? No way Jack. Never has so
Inurh buckgrnund been an une‘uﬁs. Thai is >
no writer credited. with creating this master-
piece. and in fact it looks like the cast was
given an outline and told to go with it. Unfor‘
tunately, no one told them where to go.

Hawn and (:liliilltitl are not good enough
for fans of either to enjoy Lovers and Liars.
(By the way. always beware of cutesy titles
that stress alliteration over content.) it is a
dreadful. rather dreary _little movie that
should have stayed on whatever shelf its
been sitting on for four years: 0

chamber Opera

scheme to sell his wife to four different Uti-
suspecting tourists. Alas. all return her.
Finally in sheer desperation he offers his
source of misery to the devil himself. but she
proves to be even too much for him. and he
brings her back too. Sets. and costumes
resembled a carnival atmosphere and added
effect to the antics of the townspeople who
Wonder and gossip about what this couple is
up to.

Jennifer Scott as Angelique was as apv
propriately sweet and demure as the situa-
tion necessitated. or as ill-tempered and

    

‘ ' 13

ad in the Old Man and the Thief.

unrelenting in her nagging as was needed.
Of the four suitors. exceptionally line were
Richard Leech as the ltallan and Peter
Lightfoot as the African. Leech gave us
some nice high tenor notes and Lightfoot's
resounding baritone filled the theatre. There
seemed to be some problem with the floor
microphones, but due to Thaddeus Motyka's

   

staging. the distraction didn't interfere too'

much with the production. The townspeople
and at least the ltallan suitor entered through

the theatre. which gave the audience a lot of
close contact with tlie'perlormers (and due
to the fact that Thursday's audience was
small. probably a little more contact than
would be usual).

Chamber opera is to opera as chamber
music is to the symphony. The atmosphere
is intimate and the experience is personal for
the audience and performer alike. Last
week's performances were staged on the
main stage of The Egg. but perhaps the '
Recital Hall would have been more suitable
to the nature of chamber opera. The main
stage allows for a larger audience. but sadly.
Albany doesn't have that audience. at least
not for opera.

Musical accompaniment was superbly
given by The Endymion Emsemble. under
the direction of Jon Goldberg and con-
ducted by Ainslee Cox. They are the rest-
dent orchestra of the Chamber Opera
Theatre of New York. and duringlast week's
ruti were showcased in their own perfor-
mance on Friday afternoon when they per-
formed three pieces by Wagner. Janacek
and Schuman. An accomplished orchestra
in their own rlglit. they perform many works
that are either too large for the standard str-
ing quartet/Woodwind quintet. or too small
for the forces of a symphony orchestra. On
Thursday night they blended beautifully with
the Chamber Opera Theatre of New York
that resulted in a pleasing and entertaining
evening of music and theatre. O

 

 

nasal  .

 

