-za‘-‘=':':“ «u ' u

._ . . ;..._..‘..~M..m..

'2‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

on...»

‘._r.s....;;......... ...'.t.-...»g-.e..._

    

 

on. ,1.

‘3
ii
4

 

 

 

 

' ‘ ’Bri r'i

Discrete set

The girl in the peasant blouse and brown
braided hatr doesn't know. Neither does the
boy with the volumes tucked under his arm.
Nor his brother. The man with his mother at
his side and father pacing breathlesst trying
to grab hold of an akimbo arm — they don’t
know.

The mailman doesn't know. The guy on
TV doesn't know. The schoolgirls who. like
nuns. must travel en masse don’t know. The
‘solicitor suspending half his weight on his
shoulders doesn't know. Neither does his
wife. whose face now defines the word
"resigned." The priest with the Roman collar
and fedora doesn‘t know. Neither does his
lrlsh setter.

“Sometimes i wonder if everyone isn't just
running scared," says Manfred. Manfred is a
market researcher for the State. Manfred
doesn't know.

Jodi thinks that in a few years a race War
will ensue. the likes of which has never beeti
seen before. Everyone tells Jodi that she
thinks too abstractly. Jodi doesn't know.

James. seven hours out of the twenty-
four. feels something like a crow trying to fly
out of his chest through his throat.

“Do you know What it's like to smell your
Insides?vReally?"

James is air outpatient at the Capital
District Psychiatric Center. James doesn't
know.

in Harpo‘s. a bar in the trt-city area. sits
Albert. smoking a Pall-Mall cigarette. listen‘
irig with measured patience to Manfred.
Albert has one of those great sculpted faces.
permanently iinbued in arrogance. His thick.
gray eyebrows function iii accordance With
the ridge of his nose which is wrinkled often
in mock iiiquisltiveness. His lips are turned
upward slightly. suggesting a srniik. lint his
face retnains unchanged throughout the
conversation

Manfred broaclies a topic "I just don't
know what to think of all this kidnapping and
terrorism. Their cause may lie just but . . it

ﬂorid ReportlHubert-Ke'nneth Dickey

raises a lot of ethical and philosophical quest-
ttons." .

Albert tnhales on his Pall-Mall. Manfre
continues.

“What the Arabs are doing is really wrong.
That Is. of course. if you believe In Right and
Wrong as valid empirical concepts."

Albert remains silent. ,

“Albert. let me ask you. if you don't mind.
Have you ever been In love? That is, of
course. if you believe in Love as a viable
human emotion. like Romantic Love as op-
posed to loving your cat or your summer
home." -

Albert begins cautiously. “I've had neither
a cat nor a summer home. but i‘ve had my
share of lovers. Certainly. l love my wife.
Dearly." Albert takes another drag on his
Pall-Mall and squints his eyes to avoid the
smoke after exhaling.

“Here, let me give you an example." of-
fers Manfred. "Well. it's not exactly an exam-
ple. but something to elucidate my position.
that is. of course. assuming 1 have a position
on the topic." Manfred pauses. “My next
door neighbor had a friend who — actually
he was more than a friend. some sort of
relative. a cousin l think. Anyway he used to
say —- actually. he wasn't my next-door
neighbor. he lived down the street. but in
any event. he used to say. the couslii that is.
‘No one loves anyone else. they Just lean on

each other.‘ I don't know. i just don't know."

From the other end of l'larpo's. Jodi tiri-
parts: “The (inostir's comprised an in-
teresting sect of Christianity -~- but they were

heretics of course "

.lames has his head in a garbage pail.lr tiik‘
ing for something to eat. The priest looks at
him in disgust aitd walks by.

"l low could you etid tip like that?" queries
Albert aloud.

Music emanates from the speakers at llar-
po's

“No Words loi' my love." sings l’aul Paul
is a musician. Paul might know.

Tumbleweed Gonneetion

Sttbuiay's no (“ﬂy [or a good man to go

down.
Rich man can ride and tliLI liolio he can
drown.
And i thank the Lord for the people i
have found.
—l3lton John and Bernie Toupiii

Watch the ground shoot to the stats on all
three networks. Get film at eleuen. Details
after this word from our sponsor.

Do you ever feel that the only reason your
mother calls you at school is to make you
feel guilty? Has your closest friend and lover
run off with a member of the Moral Majority?
ls your dog in cahoots with Mr'. Jones? Well
folks. l have the answer to all your Worries.
Just take two large breaths of fresh air. ex-
hale when you discover the true meaning of
life and call me in the morning (if you can
fitid me). Then deposit $2 million iii any
bank account you choose and just sit back
and watch the fast-acting resiilts.

I suppose you're wondering why l'm
Writing this. If you know what's good for you
don't ask. All seriousness aside. is there any
use in taking abuse from a friend who is per-
functorlly kind? 1 mean. isn't that against the
grain. unconstitutional. and against all good
sense? We taken it. you'll say (wrong. air
head. I've taken it). I've been there. And if
this isn't going anywhere maybe your face
should. Uncalled for. you ask yourself?
Tough luck. my friend. you're not writing
this. (It's brash. i know, but it's a writer's
privilege.) .I happen to be.

You might even ask yourself any number
of questions. but you're not fooling me. You
don't care. you just want to waste time and
then say that you're under too much strain.
(“Don't strain your brain." some poet said
recently.) .

i know because i am you. We all llrid
reason to avoid doing the things we should
do. We replace them with self-destructive
whims. We hem and haw our way to sleep

and wake up tlieaniless it's sad and it's

rough. Depressing too

But that's not what l want to really write
about this week (or any other week for that
matter) The point of focus this spring after-
noon is a person i knew once. Before
Albany. before lran. before assassination at
tempts. There was a person 1 once knew. A
Woman. I was engaged to her. A bittersweet
romance that never saw its full fruits. erat
brought tire to Albany to begin with.

I can still remember her name. but her face
has long been removed from the active files
of my mind. 1 don't remember her being
unusually special. yet she's the only Woman
who commands my never-ending respect.
love and admiration. The torch still burns.
just not as bright as yesterday. She's here.
though. still with me. even now as i write
this. but her presence isn't as strong as it us-
ed to he.

[won't belabor this poitrt too much longer.
but l'm compelled to retain the very pro-
found eflect this one person has had upon
me. All the tea in China won't bring her back
into my life. and to be perfectly honest l'm
not even crazy about tea. l'm just applying a
basic logic about life: You look back when
you plan ahead. You read history to map
out the future. Take one step backwards and
tWo forward. See. she's a wonderful thought
to skip over during the empty spaces of long
nights of other excesses. Each woman l have
been with since is in some way a prisoner of
her in my mind.

The reason I'm telling you all this is that I
met a woman on the bus last night that I've
known for years now. Was it her? i can't be
sure. She's someone that I consider a friend
(no more. no less). and we talked for a cou-
ple of hours about various things. At the end
of the converSatlon. I realized that all the
things that l've been looking. searching and

..

easements;

‘

Picture the average American household.
Dinner time rolls around pretty much the
same time every day. Hubby comes home
from work. kisses his wife and settles down
to read the local paper while hamburger cac-
ciatore simmers tn the oven. A couple of kids
wander in and dad lowers his paper and
looks over his spectacles just long enough to
confirm ownership. The stage is set for that
great American daily event—the dinner con-
versation. All across America. sipping and
chewing can be heard between speeches on
national security and inflation. Tempers flare
and meals are often spoiled but there are in-
variably 200 million individual solutions to
Americas problems resolved each and every
evening. There is no conversation more im-
portant than that which takes place at the
White House. Who know how many times
Important policy has been shaped over a
slice of meatloaf and a mound of mashed
potatoes. Picture Nancy and Ron settling
down before their evening meal in the East
Wing: ‘

Hi. hon (kisses bani—«tough day at the of-
fice?

Yeah. boy am I bushed. The damn GNP is
down again and Regan found a major fault
in my economic policy. Stockman wants to
cut the White House staff by a third. and
worst of all 1 don't think we'll be able to make
it to the ranch this weekend.

Oli. Noon-«here's your drink (learal
really had my heart set on horseback riding
and strolling through the fields under the
moonlight: it would be so romantic—just
you. rue and about a hundred reporters.

Ya' me too . . .Wowl What did you put in
this drink dear—it tastes a little strong.

Oh I forgot to stir it——here. let me do it for

you
That's enough dear. you'll freeze your
fitiger tiff . . . | wish i Could cancel the plans

for this weekend. but 1 can't.

Oh come on honey. can't you just
postpone them for a couple of days or so?

You know 1 Would if I could cupcake. but I
have to fly to Israel to calm dowli Begin.
liver since he got hemmorhoids. he wants to
attack any country within range of his
bombers. The little kike wanted to wage a full
scale war against Syria after a long meeting
with the Knesset . . . After that l have to fly
right back to Texas for a meeting with Jerry
Falwell and the other top people in the moral
majority.

Oh you mean that nice Reverend Falwell.
the one with the nice stnile who promised us
a place in heaven for just supporting him in

. . He's such a nice man.

 

his crusade
He‘s okay i guess~—there is one thing that

 

.- Domestic Affairs

bothers me about him though.

What's that honeybunch?

He makes so damn much more than i do.‘
His plane is so much bigger than mine. He
doesn't have a hot line though. 1 have all the
power in the World at my fingertips. He can
only condemn a few souls to hell.

That's right dear.

After Texas 1 have to fly right back to
Washington. l'm meeting with my top
economic advisors on my new tax cut . . . 1
figure if i give everyone a twenty five dollar
tax break across the board. it will stimulate
investment in big business . . . . . .

Oh that reminds me dear. Do you think
we could stretch this month's budget by
another fifty dollars? 1 don‘t have a thing to
wear with that new dress you bought me. i
thought l'd buy a new pair of shoes.

Sure dear. why don't you take a hundred
and buy a new pair of stockings too?

You're so good to tne. dear. Oh. I almost
forgot—those Right-to-Ltfers have been
lioundlng me all week. One of ‘enr sent iiit'
Some pictures of an aborted fetus-~ how
disgusting. Do you think you can tlti
something about them?

If they're bothering you that much. 1'" «at
off the abortion aid to all the states. tomoi
row. That ought to keep 'em quiet for a
while.

Would you lioney?. . . Thanks. you're so
good to me . . . Another thing Asonie of the
wives were talking at the club today. They
think we're being embarassed in El Salvador
They think we ought to teach the lllllt‘
savages a lessoti~you know. show 'em
who's boss. They thought it might be a iilt't’
place to go on vacation if we cleaned thing»
up a bit and built a couple of Hiltons They
tlrlrik it's dreadftilly dreary down there right
now. Do you think we could send a t‘lilililt'
of battalions down there to clean things up"

Gee. I don't know Nancy. things are kintl
of sticky down there right now with l‘irlel and
everything. 1 don't think the American peo
ple are ready for war right now anyway

But most of them wouldn't be able to al
ford a vacation down there unless we pro
vided tlietn with the opportunity
besides. l'ni not talking about war. horiei.‘
Just a few men to see that everything is go
ing smoothly. . . . .l’Ll-Zl lif-ZZ. . . . .
you do 1'" walk on your back toiilglit ~-voii
know how you like that.

Well I'll think about it. Oh God. what illiil'
is it? When is supper going to be ready? l in
vited Stockman over for Budget (‘ut
Roulette at eight. Are We ready to eat?

I'll go check . . . Oh. Pierre!

 

 

hoping for in a woman are very real. it is
possible to have What I want. For the first
time in ages 1 was able to look upon the
things I require frotn a woman as reasonable.
I still don't know from whom l shall receive
them at present. however the mere fact that 1
can have them is enough.

Hold last to your dreams young man.
young Woman. the World is larger than the
box we reside in. Life forces its way beyond
the absence of hope. Love is real and it's the
only weapon we have to fight the war we are
presently iii. The battles in the bedroom real-
ly are the vital ones. Strange words from an
unusual man. but true nevertheless.

i take the liberty to tell you this now
because i feel spring is the best time of the
year for love to be seen by all as reasonable.
just and right. There's no small influence in a
shining sun. So when you find it. take a
chance. becausa it just may be your lucky
day.

Does any of this relate to anything else? i
don't know. But i can say that the reasons
for life are few outside of the love to share
with someone else. There's no great need to
walk in pain. misery or fear as some Would
have us believe. Life is neither beautiful nor
ugly. It is both. Only the force of love can
make our lives more than dead streets.

Perhaps I've taken more time than I would
have liked to. but i hope that some of you
can understand why i did an.

Finals. papers. graduation and job
hunting all lle before its now. But before We
lose sight of life. let's just remember why we
are really here on earth. We are riot here to
hate or get a good job. we're here just to live
To get the Job done. the job of life. Simple.
perhaps too simple for some. but it's the only
hope we have.

For those of you who wanted a different
message from tire. I must confess that l've
failed you this week. merrily so. This week I
got a bit too happy. and l'm constrained to
apologize for it Maybe next week I'll be
more willing or perhaps more able to tire
duce what you expect from me. Foi now.
however. take a walk. Uncalled for. you ask"
It's OK. though. l'tn talking to those who
need and want love.

l began this discussion speaking about the
stars. now that l'm almost finished l'm still
talking about the stars. Not the stars of
heaven or Hollywood. but the stars in that
special sorneone's eyes when you speak of
love and mean it.

So be sure to go out and find some love
before It disappears it's a one time limited
offer available only where your heart shops.
Thanks for your time. Now you can head
back to your regularly scheduled programm-
lng. One last thing: the next time you see
Hubert. tell trim to love her still.

 

 

 

 

 

 

'Fle 24, um

i'itAT MORE COULD A GIRL Astt FOR?

oin the Navy and see the world
I . . the Air Force. a great way
of life." and other such comfor-
ting words were music to my ears in the
mid 1970's. Things at home were the
best they had ever been and l was hap-

Michelie Robinson

py and content. except for one small
hitch. l was gradually moving towards
the funny farm, therapists et. al. 50
when i heard these various slogans from
advertisements and recruiters allke‘. it
was just what I needed to hear. The Air
Force (by this time l had decided i
would rather fly than swim) would
straighten out my perfect life and i
would be able to finish college and at
least see some of the good old US. of
A. —— Right?

Dreams of lush exotic Hawaii and
free-style California danced around in
my head for weeks before my schedul-
ed four~year "honeymoon." “Oh! you
have a good chance of beitig stationed
in California or eVen Hawaii because as
a Medical Service Specialist (alias bed-
pan commando or nurse's aid) you will
always be needed." I was also promised
that i could finish school and 1 Would
have the 6.1. Bill. Here 1 am folks — still
slaving away on my Bachelor‘s.

I might not have been able to corn-
plete college; howeVer. i did get to see
the world. but a whole other World en-
tirely. Being iii Basic Training at San
Antonio. Texas was like being in
another country. For a New York City
girl. being in old J.R. country was like
being in Berlin for the first time with
people speaking fast-paced German.

Next on the itinerary was Moody AFB
in Valdosta. Georgia. a lovely town. if
you like alligators. snakes. Klansmen.
crossburnings and the like. this is the
place to be. Bigots of America. you cari-
not imagine what you have been miss~
ing all this tlinel As a bedpan comman-
do at Moody. l was doing extremely
well - i made a good first impression.
In fact 1 made so good an impression
that 1 had a slightly dizzy. female staff
sergeant (4 stripes) by the name of Ser-
towskl try to get me discharged frotn the
Air Force. because according to what
she told some of my CO-WOi’kel‘S. “She is
too Intelligent to be in the Air Force_."

_ g @

 

 

:hlof Master Sargon!“ CNII Sonic!
at the Air Fare. Mortar WI Mata: Sergeant
Master sergeant iocmksot Sergeant stott Sergeant
Want Sonia Airman Airman tint Ctou
Airman Basic
m w ohovtoni

Sergeant Sertowski. God bless her
soul. rewarded me for complaining to
the hospital squadron commander by
having me Work graveyeartl shifts (12
ant-8 am) 7— seven in a row.
Sometimes she Would even be kind
enough to give me a combination of
graveyard shifts. swing shifts (Ii pin-12
am) and day shifts (8 ant-4 put) all in
one week. i never knew “which way
was up."

As for the school. there was none -—
especially with the work hours i was
keeping. This was really a crying
shame. and I did feel like crying because

a better school you could not find.
SUNYA. Columbia and Cornell —
move over because here comes
Valdosta State College. the new
challenge to the ivy League. I
discovered after investigating this in-
stitution of higher learning. that if 1
received my Bachelor of Science
degree in Biology from that school. 1. in
all probability. would be inadequately
prepared for the Biology Graduate
Record Exam (GRE). This very
welcome revelation came after 1 com-
pared the course offerings at Valdosta
State College to SUNYA and Brooklyn
College. 1 have to say in all fairness.
though. that VSC is terrific if you plan to
spend the rest of your life in the North
Florida. South Georgia. Alabama area
with water snakes and alligators.

l was having the time of my life. what
with working mostly mid-

lllmation: Donna Kirkpatrick

night/graveyard shifts at the 30 bed
base hospital and getting up at 3 o'clock
in the tnorning. Whenever i was for-
tunate enough to sleep at night. for
recall exercises (Military Deployment
Exercises). Besides. i had a really satis-
fying job. which would help me to com-
pete with the engineer and computer
science graduates Wbeii my tour of duty
was over. I mean. what more Could a
girl ask for?

Before I forget. I did get one thing I
was promised —— the 6.1. Bill. which. by
the way is an act of Congress. 1 do get
paid $342 a month for school. but there
is one small catch. After Dec. 315i.
1989. Whether l have used all my enr
titlenients or not. the payments Will be
discontinued. l was lucky. if you
entered after December 31. 1970 you
are still eiitttled to a G.l. Bill. but one in-
to which you have to make a contribu~
tioir. For every dollar contributed. pro~
viding you can afford to do this. the
Veteran's Administration in its infinite
generosity will match your dollar with
another dollar. So. if you put in $100
during your four year enlistment or
commission. you will receive $200 frorii
the V./\. to attend school upon your
discharge. Find that a comforting
thought do you? Just think of a young
airman with a wife and three children
taking $50 froin his paycheck every tWo
weeks so that when he is discharged he
Will be able to attend a low-tuition
school like our very own SUNYA.

“Well, who cares about school
anyway. The military is ().K.. I'll just
Work hard. serve my country and keep
my nose. clean."

As I always say. “Hope springs eter—
nal in the hearts of fools." Oh you could
be good at your job. whatever it was.
but if you don't cuddle up With your
very sexy. male. short. pudgy and mar—
ried 50 year old supervisor. you could
kiss a good job evaluation. called an
Airman Performance Report (APR).
good-bye or look forward to a daily has-
sle. especially if you had the un-

mitigated gall to report the fact that you
were being sexually harassed to your
squadron commander.

Besides being continually proposi-
tioned. you could have a confidential
file with derogatory letters or memos
kept on you. When the file becomes fat
enough. you could find yourself stan-
ding at attention in the commander‘s of-
fice objectively discussing your less than
honorable discharge from the military.
Believe It or not. there were and still are
some good old sergeants who firmly
believe that the women of the 1980's
belong in the kitchen. the bedroom and
the nursery — but not necessarily in that
order. They definitely don't believe we
belong in the military.

These fitie. upstanding defenders of
our flag. our country and our constitu—
ttoii also indulged in another type of
discrimination. They firmly believed and

 

still do. that homosexuals most definite‘
ly belong in the closet. Gays. who have
always fantasized about leading a life of
duplicity will find the military a trip not
to be believed. if you as a gay individual
enter the Air Force. be sure that you are
very discreet. because If you are not.
you can expect the OSI (the Air Force
ClA) to be a part of your life. My advice
to such individuals is that you'd better
make sure duplicity is your thing.
because if you are homosexual. bisex-
ual. transexual or any combination
thereof. you Won't last any longer than
a snowball in hell.

in 1975. when i had the great fortune
to join the Air Force. a Technical
Sergeant (5 stripes) named Leonard
Matlovicli of Langley AFB. Hampton
Virginia and the home of the Tactical
Air Command admitted his homosex<
uality. l‘le challenged the Air Force in a
trial and lost. He was promptly
discharged from the military, honorably
of course. even though he \' is a good
trooper who really loved his job and the
Air Force. Last year the Supreme Court
decided that the Air Force should re-
instate Sgt. Matlovlch. but he decided to
take his 5 years of back pay (5 times the
annual salary for a Technical Sargeant)
and stay out of the Air Force. because it
wasn't Worth the hassle.

If you were fortunate enough not to
have your supervisor or some equally
dashing male lust and grab after your
body. or have the OSl constantly trying
to establish your homosexuality. then
you really had your Work cut out for
you. Being good at your job. whether
you were a Ci’ﬂCltt'l'jtiClt. air traffic con—
troller or a hash slinger. might earn you
an airman of the quarter award for your
efforts. but irot a hefty pay raise.
Everybody was promoted at the same
time with the same pay. When you
enter the Air Force at the rank of Air-
man Bastc (0 stripes). you remain at
that rank for six months. after which
you are promoted to an Airman (1
stripe). Six months later. exactly a year

after you entered the Air Force. you are
promoted to Airman lst class (2 stripes)
providing you are fortunate enough not
to fall into any of the above mentioned
traps. After finally receiving your se-
cond stripe. whether you are a good air-
man or not. you can forget about being
promoted to Senior Airman (3 stripes)
for approximately 2 years. When you
do finally get the little devil. you Will be
groomed for becoming what every good
hard Working airman dreams of — a
sergeant. a non-commissioned officer of
the United States Air Force. with no pay
raise. All that happens when you make
the enormous shift from Senior Airman
to Sergeant is that you achieve the star
of a non-commission officer (NCO) with
still more responsibility and more peo-
ple getting on your case for one thing or
another. if you like to boss other people
around and step on their toes. you get
to do the bossing around. You will not.
however. be a millionaire. because you
will be getting paid approximately
$7.000 per year for your work as an air
traffic controller. a hash slinger. or a
bedpan commando.

For those people who are into getting
away from the above hassles by vaca-
tloiiing with a joint or snorting some
coke. you had better be prepared to
play hide and go seek with the USI.
You have to be extremely careful of be-
ing set. up by an 051 agent or one of
their informants. if you like the unsettl-
ed life. you had better know the drug
laws of the particular state in which you
are stationed. ln Carter country. if you
are caught with something as minute as
a seed in your possession. you can ex—
pect a sentence between 1 and 5 years
in prison. A friend of mine was busted
by the 051 in Valdosta. Georgia. in the
house of a friend of hers. He turned out
to be a dealer. but she did not know it.
At the time of the bust. my friend hap-
pened to be sitting on the john. She was
promptly escorted to the glorious ac-
comodations of the Valdosta Sheraton-
Hillon hotel. Where she spent the entire
night. i could have easily been with her
at that house. then later in the Valdosta
Sheraton-Hilton. and i don't even
smoke the stuff.

One Word of warning. Whatever you
do. don't be black. Please don't be
black. hispanlc or any combination

...a new life style

  
 

Personal Growth...
Professional Development

m-

thereof. That is about the Worst possible
sin you could commit ln south Georgia.
as my friend quickly discovered. Accor-
ding to her that was her reason for her
free night at the Valdosta Sheraton-
Hilton.

Ltke anything in life there are. positive
and negative aspects. These are just
some of the things 1 witnessed during
my four year tour of' duty. My view of
the military does not matter. What does
matter is that you should have the
freedom to be whatever or whoever you
are Without undue interference by
others.

 

 
 

 

 

