av-a;~.‘w

.i
't
l
l
.l
l

;:.:_. 2.2:: v 2‘.» 94‘.

 

    
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
    

by Larry Kuhn

Tom Verde’s tremendous grand
slam home run and outstanding pit-
ching performances by Mike Gart-
man and Jim Vaughn led the
Albany State baseball team to a
doubleheader 'sweep over an im»
proved Hartwick squad on Wednes-
day.

The dual victories upped
Albany's season mark to 4-1 — the
quickest start in years for the usual-
ly slow starting Danes.

"We're playing good ball now,"
said a pleased and excited Albatty
head baseball coach Rick Skeel.
“These kids — they know they're
on their way. They ttever ltad a start
like this."

in Wednesday's gattres Albany
defeated the Warriors with a very
balanced attack. combining speed,
great pitching and some very clrrrch
hitting. Albany grabbed the ﬁrst
game from Hartwick's cltttcltes
with Verde's homer in the top of the
seventh inning. 7-5, and took the
nighteap, 4-i.

Dane hitters stroked l7 hits and
provided more offense with an

aucniahing, i6 Mnicn bases in the
doubilzheudcn Frank Rivera swiped

six of tltosc bases including one of

home on a suicide sqttcclc attetnpt
that was read by the Hartwick bar-
tcry.

Perhaps the biggest plus for
Albany was the strccess of their
fourth and fifth starters. Both (‘tart-
man and Vaughn notched complete
game victories to erase sotoc of the
doubts lingering from Albany pit-
ching staffs of the past. wlticit
characteristicly lacked depth.

“We got two real good pitelting

l

   

 

Pitching was the early season question mark for the

yielded a mere 11 hits In their

Pitching and Verde Slam
Cop Twin-Bill for Batme

performances from two
underclassmen —— they pitched like
seasoned performers." neted Skecl.

Garrman pitched the opener and
held Hartwick to only live basc hits.

The Warriors touched Gartman
for four of their five runs in the
fourth inning — all unearned on his
own error. With two outs and the
bases loaded he took an easy
grounder and overthrew first base.
scorirtg all three bascrtrnners and
leaving the butter on third.

Then came the clutch hitting.
Down 4-3 iii the top of the seventh.
the Danes loaded the bases. Tltat
brought up Verde. who slatomed a
monstrotts drivc straight dowrt the
left field foul line 380 fch with a
strong wittd blowing in.

“it was a boomer," Skccl said.
“Without the wind it would have
gone over 400 feet."

(iarttnno then survived a jam in
the bottom of the seventh to ice the
victory.

in the second game Vaughn was
phenomenal. The junior hurler
struck out the first scvetr batters he
faced and held the Warriors to one

run on six hits.
I was \ust

Skch ntrtcd.
llob At'cario and Jerry Rosco led
the offensive attack for the Danes
with key ltils. Rivers stole five
bases itt the game including tltree in
the sixth inning. With Rosco at the
plate Rivera charged dowtr the third
baseline on what was supposed to
bc a suicide squcere, bttt the War-
riors striffcd it otrt. The pitcltcr
threw one high and light to Rosco.
and when the catcher couldn‘t han-
t'ottlitttlerl on [runoff/teen

.

nvetwlreiru‘rng."

—.~n r“, x .. :15th -r' ‘

n

Dane batman, but Albany hurtertr
twlnbiil win over Ilurtwlek. (Photo: Alan Culem)

- strmWiwuw-w-

Dane Teams Sweep

  
   
      

 

by Michael Carmen

Everybody was a winner as the
Albany State men's tennis team
clobbered Hartwick College. 9-0 on
Wednesday afternoon in Oneonta.

in the nine sets played by Danes.
only two sets were dropped. “We
were clearly the better team artd we
played well enough to win," stated
Albany tennis coach Bob Lcwls.

Albany State's number one
racket man, Barry Levine. started
the winning trend in dcfeatittg Hart-
wick's Bill Hohtrn. 6-1. 6-l. As the
score reflects, Levine ltad very little
problem disposing of iris opponent.

Fred Uaber started off slowly and
his match against Larry Hunt went
into a first set ticbreakcr. (tuber
bested Hunt 5-3 iii the tiebr 'cr
and e ed through the second set to
record a 7-6. (1-1 victory.

Rob Karen, tltc squads third
singles player. took the first set
against l'lartwick's Drew
Ellcrkamp. (1-3. in the following
set. Karen was l‘uding 5-2. brrt tltctt
proceeded to drop four straight
games. However, be fought back to
even rrp the count at 6-6 and then
exploded for a 5-0 icing iii the
licbrcnkcr to trike the game. set and
match.

Dnve Ulrich was the first Dunc to
rtrn ittto trouble. as Ire dropped the
first set to Robert Adams. 3-6.
E.Ulriclt didn't get discouraged attd
gltittk the next set. o-i. He then had
g lltc trrotrtetttrttn attd coasted to a (r-3
final set triumph to give the Duties
heir fourtlt win on tltc afternoon.

Andy Diamond and Russell
3 Kasow. playing itt the fifth and
sixth positions respectively.
dcl'cutcd their opponents with

photo: Alan cum

  

   

Baseball couch Rick Street (above)
'l'ennls coach [lob Lewis

Netmen Nearly Flawless;
Clobber Warriors, .9-0

relative ease to boost the total
match score to 6-0.

“l’tn very pleased with Kasow‘s
progress. He recently broke into the
lineup and has played well in both
his matches. He is now performing
up to his full capabilities." praised
Lewis. ,

When the dorrbles tnatches began
the event was already decided. The
only question left to answer was if
tlte Danes were going to record a
shutout. Levine. who “played very
well," according to Lewis, and
(iabcr took the first doubles match.
(3-2. 7-5.

Karen uttd Ulrich started the next
match and shortly fell behind l-() in
games. dropped tltc first set 4-6. but
went on to take the match.

“Bob and Dave played very
lackatlasically at first. brtt they int-
provcd irr the remaining two sets.“
stated Lewis.

Diamond atrd Dave Lerner.
without any trouble. completed the
loss-free day. beating Bill Honey
and Jeff l’ttrncll. 6-(). 6-2.

“The team is progressing very
nicely. l was very satisfied with the
singles play today. bttt the doubles
could Ituvc been better." said
Lewis. “Of course the victory was
already clinched by the titnc those
matches were played.“

The Dancs' next match will be at
ltotn - against tltc University of Vet'-
tttortt tomorrow afternoon. Last
season the Duties defeated Vet'-
moot, btrt they are expected to sup»
ply sotne good competition.

Lewis evaluated this Saturday's
match by simply adding, “We beat
tltetn ottcc and I will be disap-
pointcd if we don‘t do it again.“
U

n. '

 

 

 

,..,. , . wrrm-armruih‘vﬁilwmmNWf.

Albany's number two singles player Fred Cuber fought through tI first set tiebr-critter.
and then eased It) a 7-6. (M win In the netmen's 9-0 killing Wednesday.

 

 

i‘
r
t
.1

 

 

 

 

by Mark Flscltetti

Tltc University Scnrrtc passed a
distribution requirement bill iii a
special University Senate s ssiorr
yesterday afternoon. The bill will
affect all l'tcshtncn entering in Fall
1982 and thereafter.

Tltc bill requires that, in addition a
to the current requirements for a
BA. and ILS. degree. tltc comple—
ttorr of it vote
necessary.

llcl'trrc graduating. students will
have to complete a trtittirtrun of siy

h

credits in approved courses in each
of the following categories: Sym-
bolics. Natural Sciences, Social
Sciences. Literatntc atrtl Fine Arts.

minimum of 36 credits.

ltr addition. students urttsl l'ttll'ill
writing requirement by com-
pleting an approved nriting course.
iii the Department of l-nglish. or
upon completion of a course deter-
rnitted by tile (‘uttit'ulum (‘otnmit-
tee of thc Utrdctgttttlttttir' Academic
(,‘otrttscl (UAC) as hating on up-

ﬂ
Distribution Guidelines:

Students graduating itr May With and after will have to fulfill
a do credit distribution thuitcntcnt L’tlllSlSllllt‘ of it minimum
ol sly graduation credits of approved courses irt each of these
cute ‘ttllchi Symbolics, Natural Sciences. Social Scienccs
l.ttr' tttut ' and thc l~'inc Arts, World ('ultutcs and Values. '

lltc Unitctsity Senate has ruled that witlritt llll' r'uidt-littt-s:

— some courses may b' ut'r'cplublt- trttly ltl two—vouvst- sc-
qrtt'trt'cs (such as two semesters of a l'tttt‘h’“ littlt‘tltlt't')

~- ways may be provided for students to stiltslllulr' jl(l\illlt't‘tl
r‘ttll'st's for the listed options.

requirement is

—v the distribution thuitt-nrcnt will not br- required at
stud 'ttls who complete the Liberal lirlttt'atiotr Atbuttt-ctncttl
Pro tamtl.l-1Al’).

ltt addition, students will llil\t' to fulfill a wtititn' require—
tnt'tt . Approved courses include those listed not-t “t-tttrtsvs irr
wtitt ty“ by the linglislt department and additional rooms as
spectl'ir-d by the (‘utticuluttr (‘otnntittet- ol' the lllltlt""!iltlllillt'
Acurtr'tnit' Council; specific courses may also by disupptrrtt-d
by H \' committee.

Students may be exempted front tukitrv u S|lt'|'lllt \\"|||llt'
corn -r- Ill-ouch proccdutcs set forth by lllt' t'ttttttttittcc. and may
be boa-d on such factors as Al’ credits. R('l tttttl Rt". r'ttttv vv
arnirt niotr scores, ctc.

‘l'lt writing requirement must be t'ttttrplctr-d “Hit it “t "
“Hull or better or an “S” grade.

 

 

 

World Cultures. and Values, for a '

 Core Requirements In‘stated

ptoprirrtc writing component

not qualify.

Asked whether he will siytl tlrc
btll. I’tcsident ()‘l.cttty said. “i \\lll
study the bill carefully. but my

disposition is decided."

Most of thc debuted isstlr's and
proposed :ttrrcndntt-ttls relating to

the bill wctc raised by sltltlr‘lil

senate lllt'tilltt‘ts itt a short session

before it \otc uas taken.

()I' tnttio- concern utrs lllt' sclcc.
liott of contscs Itr be listed \titlrttt
each distribution ruler-or). Avvtt'»
dirty to the yttidclnrcs oi the btll. lllr'
(‘rttticnlrrm ("trutnrittcc of the [Me
shall cstttblislt it list ttl uppttttt'tl
courses. One student st-ntrtor's Pith
posul has to ll:I\s' lllt‘ urnrplt'tctl lrst
put to u \tlli' l‘i‘lll't' tltt' St'ttttlt'.
This was ili‘li‘illt'il.

“The Senate \\lttlr' a blank check
lit the ('u-ticulttnt ('ortrtnittcc."
said Scnatc lttrtstro Mali
Latin-cite.

()tltt'ts csptt'sst'd t'tttncttr llitil. rtt

The Lark

by Beth Sexcr

After briefly moving to lluwtrii
and being pursued by Secret Service
agents. Lur/t' owttct. writer uttd
editor Michael (‘oteotaur is back in
towtr and preparing to come out
with his next issue on April 22.

Last December ('ot‘cotan was be-
ing sought by Secret Sctycict- agents
after printing a controversial cat»
tootr irr tltc [arr/r. tr local tabloid
trcwspapct. 'l'he cartoon depicts the
head of tltcn l’t'csidcnI-clcct Rtltliiltl

Carey and Gouletas Marry

by Strsatt Milligrtn
(iotctntrt (‘trtct tlcttrotrstttrtcd
two things at his weddin reception
at the South Mall Saturday tricltt.
'l'ltc lirst is that by marrying
('lticrtr'o btrsiuessuonrztu
liynngclitte
‘it

brought himscll one step rlttscr to
thc I’Icsidcncy.

the second rs that, tt |;tt|rttr- Iti
tltc ul'otettn-rttittttcd t‘litlt'inttl, be
always has the option ot pillslllltt‘ tt
sttrgtnit cutect.
hits Al'tcr exchanging nuptial tows itt

 

(iottlcttrs. he

   
   

I

. ’r t -tt 1 -
Mayor liruslus Corning toasts with the Lureys "'0 u" "m "I

Governor tlllt/ Evangeline (iottlulut (“may will /ItIIIt'.tt/Ilttttll [It New York.

:I (itcr'k ()lllltltlt|\ rt'tt'ttrrrtn III New
York (‘tty. lllt' lll'“ MI. itlltl MI».
('tttcy flew to Albany lrr iltltl't'v. ;r
croer ol trell-ntslrets .rl llli'
('ttltrrt.tl l dtrctrtton t't‘lllt'l.

lltc (irncttrtrt.
his "liL‘ittl
yttrtittttlr‘.’ olrltt-t'rl lllt‘ cloud “till
his total pctftr-tttttttu- ttl "New
York. New York." "(‘Iric;rvo_" rrt
Irontrt ot his
“Ann-ti

\'\|lll"t\||lt' Ilrrrt

ls srr trrll ol int and

tit-u \\llt'. :rtrd

 

 

 

.News FEATURE

l§\ttntrt'litrc (iotrlctus (‘art-y
remarked, “i wish to thank Hull
and every one of you who hate
\\‘L'lL'ttlllL'(l Illt‘ nitlr |l|L'l' llL'r’lll\ and
their arms open.

“When i sun Albany . . . ldcrrd
cd instantly thts is \thetv I wanted
ttty heart and home to be." sltt- corr-
llllllt‘tl, "()l (itrrettrot
(‘zrtcy htttl strttrctlrinr' to do with
it."

course.

lltc couple walked up the stairs
itt front of the (‘rrltrtrul ixdtrcutiotr
('etrtr-t, shaking irttnds trtrd stlllllllg'
for photos as it cantptrigninrt. to it
tcccptiott of scrctal hrttrdrcd invited

’llL'Nlh. . ..
l‘ continued on page _/li'l’

English Composition (ling too) will

l’E‘thr
UNIvé-lerefffr%

 

    

Senntt' Liaison Mttrk Lafayette
Ht' rr'ttr ll/l\t'/ u/run/ l/tl‘ rIItttruttI tt/ t/iyt'nttt'ott Int/ow l/It‘ I'll/(‘,

ttttlct lot

thtrrtettrcnts Irt be im»
plctttt'trtcd by l‘illl I‘lh‘l. .‘l vtrtttplt'tt'
ttllI'Ni‘ Irstittt- wrll how to lli' finish.
t'Il br'ltttt' hlillr'll |‘)ii2. in “NW i'ot
trtt-ws to bt' lrstctl lll ptt'-
't'.‘l\|';llltlll booklets and in little to
'rl'lli'tlllli' vlnsstotrttts and tt'ttt'lrr-ts,

‘ I9“ in Albany htudrni Pit-u ( ttrpttrulittn

 

..r...t.. Iittlt ltuttrrttl

(‘Hlt'slltlll‘s were raised its 1“ u hclllcr
lllt' committee, with its llliillt‘tl si/t-
illltl It-sotttces, could do an ittlt‘-
t|ilillt' tub in so little titttr'.
Students also tttisctl lllt‘ issttt' ttl
lil'i't' vlnss si/c itr tt'quirvd t'rrtl'st's.
continued on page I/lil‘lt't‘ll

Will be Back in Print

Reagan. with tr bull‘s cyc centered
between the eyes. The caption tctrd:

"Only 48 trrotc assassination days
tanil lnautrtttutitrtt.”

\‘i’hcrr agents began their search
lot ('otcotnn on |)cct‘ttt|rt't It).
friends of his reported that he hurl
lel't lot llontrlttltr the day before.

('tttt'otart said that he lliiil plann-
ed the trip ttr litlwilll two weeks
before the inrcstigtrtion began. ('ot-
r'tllitltt:\|1liilllt'tl that he had lived itt
llonolnlrr. where his parents cut-
tctttly tcsitlc. for ten years. and tltnl
be operated a sitrtiltrt tabloid tlrctc.

('otcttttttt said that he did not
realize tlte commotion his cuttootr
had caused rttttil two wccks after he
lclt I'ot llilhilll.

'l he Sccrct Set vice caught up with
('otcottttr to Honolulu. he stritl. and
took him itr for questioning. After a

try lilien l-Zpstein

DilllL'L'.

ilvlikc Matatitt.

 

 

r
Accident Kills Woman
and Injures Student

A wotnttn was killed and tr SlJNYA student was irtirttcd itt it three-
yclticlc accident last Thursday t-tt-ttitrr- on \\"trshin_rttrrn Avenue treat
the State ()lticc lluildirrt' t'uttrptts. ttt'crtttlilty to Albany County

Martha Spccts. 2‘). was taken to Albany Medical (‘ctrtct where she
died at 10:30 tt.ltl.. according to .Ioscplr M. l'ahds. emergency medical
senicr- coordinator of the Albany l’itc l)ep;trtrtrcnt.

the student, Douglas l'.\L'ilt|tL‘ltt. 2|, was released from Albany
Medical (‘cntct after treatment for facial injuries sustained when ltc
was thrown front the vehicle, according In the 'I‘iItIt-vl/nt'ou (4/l l):

lzsctupctu has been charged witlr imprudent speed titre to weather

conditions and failure to keep tight. accotdittg_to the article.
t The 'l'imr'tvUttiort reported that ii ctlliiL‘lti was traveling eastbound
on Washington Avenue at 4:30 p.nr. when he lost control of the
American Red ("toss vchiclc he was driving. The vehicle went into a
spin and hit a westbound car driven by Spcets. and the right front of a
Capital District 1 tttnspotttttion Atrtlrotity bus.

the Albany Police and fire departments were lilch assisted at the
scene by SllNi’A's l-i\e Quad. according to the Quad Crew Chief

Police are ttow investigating the incident, said Director of Traffic"

new ol' the Albany i’olice l.)cptrrtnrcnt Robert Coleman.

;_

half—hoot interview tltcy'tottk his
picture and rctctrscd lritrt. (.‘orcot'trn
said he was told that lie was not it)
trouble illitl that thcyjus't wanted to
“check ltittt out.“

(‘otcotzrn said that he was t'clcns-
cd with this warning: "watclt what
you write ftorrt now on because if
it‘s against the lil\\’ we'll let you
know."

('otcortrn said he was never wot-
[in] about what tltc government-
wonld do to lrittr. “'l‘lrey wasted a
lot of little atrd a lot of motley on
this." ltc said. “it was just ajok‘c."

He said that ltc told the agents
that “cartoons don’t kill people;
pcoplc kill people."

(‘otcotuo added that he was as
shocked :rl'tcr Reagan was shot. and
was relieved that the president sut-

t‘tllllfllllt'll on page Illil'lt'l'll

 

#

 

