f‘fﬁ

  

   
 

A... .... “Worm—C- ,_ Afar-"Ag... mgr:

 

 

. - ..wyt«.~,g...<.« ,

Q.~M;--M..—m_ , i

‘ a jam

 

mwmz-ﬁ .

 

‘
i  .. a: .

captioned Stun :.

l

Tune

    

to Fight Reaganism

___._.__
Jlelt L. Lester

____’-———

Now that students find themselves facing V
cuts in federal and state aid along with ris- cc

ing costs, it must be apparent that the right _
of its and dedicated way. Havtng access to infor-

Ncw mation and scholars, they have the advan-

wing has elected education as one

whipping boys. Therefore, students in

York State stand with consumers. tenants.

labor unions, and minorities as recipients of

Reagan's assault on the public interest.

But one must keep in mind that the right
wing has had only a taste of victory. They
want more. They want to completely
dismantle social programs, cripple unions,
erode the living standards of workers, and
end government aid to education at every
level. They wish to destroy the concept of
equal opportunity which had barely reach-
ed its infancy in recent years.

They are doing this in the name of stopp-
ing inflation. Yet with oil and gas
deregulated. and the military budget
forecastcd at one trillion dollars over the
next ﬁve years, no objective observer of
government believes this motive. Entrench-
ed power is seeking further economic gain
to solidify their hold on power. Corpora-
tions which receive military contracts,
donated $14.5 million to the Republican

Congressional Campaigns.

Students now have the obligation in their
own interest and in the interest of those
similarly situated to work against the
destructive tide of the federal government.
Students have always been a force for pro-
gressive social change. In Latin America.
Eastern Europe, France, and in America
during the l960's, students were in the

anguard of movements promoting
onomic and political equality. _
Students are still active today in a quiet

tage of being part of a cohesive group in a
campus environment. They have the tools
'2 for organizing, (i.e. newspapers, xeroxing,
door to door canvaslng). Students are at a
rare point in life when they have the time
and ability to analyze issues, and advocate
positions clearly and ettecuvety.
Students must now understand that their
voices raised forcefully and in a coalition
with all those victims of Reagan's perverted
economics can prevail. Tenants, labor con-
sumers, students, minorities, and the poor
may not contribute more to candidates in
dollars, but we outnumber the corporate
overseers and beneﬁciaries of military han-
douts. The key to success will be a unified
effort. Students must use their skills to
educate the public not in their exclusive
self-interest but as part of a coalition join-
ing with other have-nots.

The student legislative effort in Albany
and in Washington must be geared toward
building bridges with all those groups cur-
rently on the defensive. Reagan has made
economics his priority and has clearly deﬁn-
ed the issues. Thote with little cart expect
less. i hope students will rcpeat their role in
the 60’s when‘they pressed for an end to
war. Now in the 80‘s students can press for
an end to class oppression being fostered by
Reagan’s economic theories.

 

 

 

RA Warning

To the Editor:

1 am writing this letter as a warning; a
warning to the R.A. applicants on State
Quad (although it will probably be helpful
to candidates on all quads). i am writing
this as a person who's been there and
knows. As a former R.A. myself, i feel it is
my responsibility to let these people know
what they‘re up against.

Before going any further, i would like to
say that the job is an excellent position. it
affords you the opportunity to grow in a
way which is seldom possible in college life.

And to the few R.A.’s who actually take
advantage of this magniﬁcent growing op-
portunity, great. You deserve all the credit
which l'm Sure has already been bestowed
upon you.

 

But the sad fact lies in that the vast ma-
jority get caught up in the bureaucracy and
hypocrisy presented by those known as the
“professional staff” (the directors and
quad coordinator-especially the quad coor-
dinator). Of course this hypocrisy does not
stop with the professional staff, it extends
all the way to the top of the Residence Of-
fice.

The latest hypocrisy was pointed out to
me by three members of the residence staff
who attended the mandatory interest
meeting for R.A. applicants. i draw atten-
tion to this speciﬁc point because it was due
to this that i lost my job as an R.A. To
make a long story short, last year i was an

R.A. i felt i did a good job and, without
tooling my own horn, my evaluations
showed that the dorm felt the same way. i
reapplied for the position and was accepted
on the condition that i show improvement

 

in my grades. M overall cum was over 8
2.0 '

Anyone who has been a R.A. knows that
an overall cum of 2.0 is required to hold the
position. But that semester. my GPA fell
below a 2.0. Even th0ush my OWN“ cum
remained above a 2.0. 1 W55 "mm/ed "m"

h osition.

t eVliJhen it was pointed out that I did meet
the requirements, a new requirement sur-
faced. ln addition to needing a 2.0 overall,
you must have achieved a 2.0 in the
semester previous to that for which you are
applying. Hard as i tried, 1 could not ﬁnd
anyone on staff who knew of this require
ment except for Pattie Snyder. 518“ Quad
Coordinator.

She also informed me that even if i had
met the requirements. and even though i
had been selected by a committee 0f WhiCh
she was a part, she alone had ﬁnal say. i
guess the fact that during the previous year
i had complained to John Welty, former
'Director of Residence, about the job she

was doing did not help my situation.

So as i said before, it is my intention to
warn those students applying for the R.A.
position. You see. at the R.A. interest
meeting it was pointed out that an overall
curtt of 2.0 is required. Nothing was said
about the semester preceeding the one for
which you are applying.

Why was this? is it because this require-
ment was created to eliminate only me? If
so, l'm ﬂattered. Or is it because they plan
to use it again for the same reason? To
eliminate tltose who do not meet Ms.
Snyder's “needs.” i find it hard to believe
that she would forget to mention something
as important as that.

So beware applicants, this is only one of
several incidents i could have chosen to
write about. For instance, how they refused
to open up two vacant S.A. positions to ap-
plications simply because they were trying
to exclude one person from applying. Or 1
could have written about the Judicial Board
case which has been pending for over six
months because Ms. Snyder wanted to
“drag it out as long as possible." Or I could
have written of how, in the opinion of those
in attendance at a Quad Board meeting last
semester, Ms. Snyder lied about the amount
of money R.A.'s have available to spend on
R.A. projects. in fact i may eventually do
so, but at the moment t felt the R.A. ap-
plicants were in need of some enlighten-
ment.

Although to Ms. Snyder and her
followers (known as Pattic’s Pets), this may
seem to be revenge from a bitter person. [
assure you that is not the case. As a member
of Judicial Board and Quad Board I have
found this year to be equally as fulfilling as
last year and i hold no bitterness.
—Steven Gerber

 

Farewell Follett

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To the Editor:

So, Follctt’s out and Barnes and Noble‘s
in? It’s just another example of SUNYA
students working against their own interest.
Yes, against. For years, students have com.
plained about the high prices of textbooks;
however, when SUNYA’s students act, they
do ’so without ' considering the cottse.
quences.

Sure, textbook prices are high, but what
'makes anyone/think that they are cheaper
anywhere else. Barnes and Noble will be
charging students the same amount for
books. .

i don’t know, how long Barnes and No.
ble's contract is for but i can tell you that
students will be complaining just as loud, if
not louder, about the bookstore until that
date arrives. Farewell, Follett. You will hL'
missed.

—M|chael l’. I’ricd

sen Destruction

To the Editor:

1 am a Resident Assistant on ludmn
Quadrangle. l was on dttty this pnst
weekend and the following acts of \nn-
dalism and destruction occurred:

1. One ﬁre alarm was pulled.

2. One window in a dorm was broken.
3, Numerous fights broke out at .
U-Lounge party.

4. The Skinroom had
destroyed, one large glass door shtutctctl,
and newspapers scattered everywhere.

5. There was a fire box brokctt iti the toner.
Also drapes in the Penthouse wcrc Ilpltctl
down.

6. All this was capped off by a food fight at
Sunday Dinner that littered the L'IllilL'
cafeteria.

The total estimated cost of replacing this
damage is approximately $l,000. Whnt is
even more startling is that not one person
has been apprehended or evctt designntcd its
having participated in these acts. this
Weekend was symbolic of the larger pro»
blem; the consistent and systematic dcsttnc-
tion of our campus by a handful of people.
Yet rarely if ever does anybody speak out.
We speak out when room rates are inert-us-
ed; this is part of the reason.

We must all play a role itt stemming llllS
tide. Reporting incidents of vandalism is
not “ﬁnking” on someone, for in the cnd
every one of us must pay with our moncy
for the actions of a few. We can no longer
afford to pass the buck of investigation off
to security and the residence staff. We must
all take an active role. Report vttudttlism
when you see it occurring, and aid sccurtl)
and residence in ﬁnding thosc who cottunit
these acts.

1 do not wattt to go to a school than has
broken windows, graffiti everywhere, and
torn vicrotex. Tltc few who cause these pro.
blems count on the fears and rclucluutc til
the many to not report these incidents. It
we all work together we can prcvcnt most If
not all of these malicious acts.

—Mlclttte| Mttn/iutt

Misconceptions #

To The Editor:

1 would like to clarify some tuiscoutt't‘
tions that were stated itt lttsl lit‘idttf'“ “‘5',
regarding tltc library. A lot of l’lt’l""”‘”
people have with the library conic lltllll A
lack of knowledge about it. I kntm,
because i work there at the circulation tlt'~l»
as a check-out clerk. (And i persona“)
work ntorc than twice a wuck its do most at
the other students there.)

Yes, the library is changing, but tin-w
changes are meant as improvements. Ami-
as with any new system. it may take n whiit'
before it is perfected. (liut then it would be
very naive to imagine that any system is nhv
solutcly perfect.) Part of the new system is
designed to eliminate mistakes mttdc by “W
transposition of numbers.

However, there are things about llIL'
library that haven't changed. There is still ll

 

 

two L‘tillLlItW

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

five day grace period during which patrons
can bring back books that are up to ﬁve
days late and not be ﬁned. Patrons can also
call the library and renew books at their
own convenience, without having to lug the
books around campus.

Patrons are also encouraged to get
receipts for their own protection, but we are
not so unfeeling that we do not understand
when a patron doesn't have time to wait. if
the line is too long. or the computer is down
(which is happening less and less), the
patron need not. sweat blood. Books that
are returned on time (meaning the day they
are due) and placed in the book bins on
either side of the circulation desk are
discharged that same day. (With the in-
crease in staff, books left in the book bins
rarely take two days to be discharged and
never more titan that.)

Should a misunderstanding arise, it is
best to take care ofit during the nine to ﬁve
hours. This full-time staff is among the best
i have ever worked with and they are not
without a sympathetic car. i have seen
many a fine dropped after a patron has
pleaded their case. They are ﬂexible —- to a
poittt. Often patrons take advantage of the
lctticttcy and that is wltctt the litte tttttst be
drawn.

The privilege of taking out books does
ttot cotne without responsibility. This
responsibility is outlittcd on the back of
those grcen address cards which every
patron must sign before they can take out
books. lf tltc patron docs ttot understand
the scope of tltcir responsibility, all they
need do is ask and someone bcltittd the desk
will be only too happy to explain. [)0 not
totally blttmc tltc library’s shortcomin is for
what is, itt part. your lack of responsibility.
— Ruth E. Griffin

 

Speak Up

To the Editor:

After having read David Mnntz's letter to
the Editor (ASP February l0, l98l) about
the need for “less screaming" and budget
cuts, l'feel obligated to make a brief com-
ment.

Ottcc again, another administration
moves into tltc White House, this time on a
conservative platform, and again there are
demands made for drastic bttdgct cuts.
And. unfortuately, once again it is the
weakest groups itt society that will have to
suffer the tnost. Minority groups with weak
or no organizations at all are the convenient
targets for the GOP bttdgct cuts. Especially
since they didn’t provide any substantial
support neither money nor moral for
Reagan and Co. in tltc past presidential
campaign. it would, ltowever, be foolish to
deny the existence of a severe deficit pro-
blem in this nation. iiut instead of making
tltc already poor and weak groups in society
suffer even tnorc, the wealthy should have
to carry a larger bttrden. The truth is that

while the United States is among the richest
countries iii the world (also in terms of iti-
comc per capita). it is tltc Western country
with the least cquttlly distributed income.
So it wouldn't hurt the wealthy if tltcy took
responsibility for a larger share.

Totally contradictory to
philosophy of cutting the budget is the new
administration‘s wish to increase tltc
military budget dramatically. For tltc fiscal
year of l981 the defense budget is about
$l7l billion. lf GOP hawks rcttlirc their
wishes, “military spending would bc well
above $300 billion by lltc end of Rcztgttn's
first term" (Newsweek January l9, Will).
instead of supporting the Salt ll Treaty and
working for mutual disarmament with the
Soviet Union which could result in substitu-
lial military budget cuts, the new ad—
tninislration's first statements on foreign
policy make one recall the attttosphcrc front
the Cold War iii the 19505.

Finally, Mantr. writes that “we all should
sltut up“ and not complain about rising
university fees. But wlty shouldn‘t we?
Western European countries like West Ger-
many, Sweden, and Holland. among
Others, which all have a per capita income
equal to that of the United States or lower.

 

Reagan‘s

    
     

provide their students with free or next to
free education, so why can't the United
States?

— Tomas Evaeus

Joke’s On Us

To the Editor:

On Sunday, February 15, at approx-
imately 5:40 p.m., there was a very exten-
sive food fight in the lndian Quad cafeteria.
The casualities: a large amount of Sloppy
Joes, mashed potatoes, and broccoli
showered across the entire cafeteria (the
floor, chairs, tables), several broken dishes
and glasses, and several students brought
up on referral. in addition, a large glass
door in the skin room of lndian was shat-
tered on Saturday night (there was a quad
partyl) and over the course of the weekend,
several fights broke out between students.
Needless to say. security paid some fricttdly
visits to lndian Quad on this lovely Valen-
tine’s weekend.

Now you tell tne, fellow SUNYA
students, who pays for all of this “fun?”
The cafeteria food figltt isn‘t as hysterical
when you realize that the cafeteria workers
ltad to clean up all of tltc delicious UAS
food front the floor. Not to mention the
fact that ntany ltad to work overtime, and
the money has to cotttc front somewhcrc.
And tltc broken dishes and glasses, even the
silverware that you stoic for your next
ycur‘s off campus apartment, well, they do
litth to get replaced. And the big glass door
itt the skin room, all shattered ittto rt million
pieces. well, it has to get fixed soutctitttc.

What l'm trying to say is that I'm angry.
We all know that a very heated debate is go.
ing on about raising our tttitiott and room
ttnd board rates. Well, why don't you stop
screaming at Chancellor Wharton and
Governor Carey, and turn to your fellow
students (or even yourselves)-and try to stop
all of the vandalism that goes on around
here? And l'm sorry, but being drunk is no
excuse for destroying property. i thought
they said this was college.

Listen, l‘m graduating this year and I'll
be out of this system, so what does it matter
to me? Well it does. because the SUNY
system is still a low-cost education (at least
itt comparison to otltcr schools) and infla-
tion hits everything hard. 1 don't like pay-
ing extra any more than you do, but if
students continue to damage their own
property. there's no one to blame but
ourselves. Even one of the most memorable
events of a SUNYA career, Mayfest. might
be takcn away from us (as we know it), dttc
to luck of respect for our school. Sure. a
cafeteria food fight is a real laugh. But the
jokc‘s on us.

 

—Del)ble Loch

' —"‘———-’/.

Cheating: It‘s Here '
/
To tlte Editor:

Throughout my college career at SUNYA
l have ttoticcd tltc widespread existence of
cheating that occurs. Cheating has become
a habit that makes multiple choice tests ob-
solctc.

(iroup cheating sessions are very corn—
tttott itt lccturc centers and l lruthfttlly must
admit i have participated at times.

Cheating exists, and there is really no way
to stop the cancer.

—Nume Withheld Upon Request

Bring Us Your

Letters and Columns

.Iivndlincs for letters tttttl columns are
'l'ttcstlny for :t Frill“) issue utttl Friday for a
'l'ucstluy issue. Mutt-rial must be typewrit-
ten, double-spaced, and include the writer's
llllllll' uutl phone number. Anonymous let-
ters will not be printed —— ltowevcr,-ttttmcs
will be withheld upon request. Please lltult
letters to utttler 250 words. Drop them off
itt “Letters” hox lit (1" 32f) or call the

Call for Representatioﬁ-

The purpose and necessity of Student Association (SA) is unquestionable.
We students need an organization to allocate the three-quarters of a million
tax dollars We contribute annually. We need individuals who are willing to
dedicate themselves to making life at SUNYA better. They provide us with the
many diverse groups and activities we require for broadening our education
and expanding our recreation. We need a student government to represent our
best interests before the administration, the faculty and the University com-
muntty.

But is that what SA is doing? Are they really representing us? Has it come to
the point where they are merely acting as a branch of the administration rather
than the voice of the students? 4

The problem does not begin with our current elected representatives. Clear-
ly, the situation predates Sue Gold and Brian Levy. But somewhere between
the founding of SA and the Mayfest crisis of today, the notion . a represen-
tativc student government has been lost.

SA has known since last May that changes would have to be made in order
to continue the tradition of Mayfest. As our representatives, they had an
obligation to inform the stttdettts that Mayfest was in jeopardy, just as they

- now ltave the obligation to keep us ttp-to-datc.

What is the currcttt status of Mayfest?

Evert after meeting with SA officials, we are still in tire dark. This is a
perfect example of not involving students in problems that directly concern
tltctn.

We do ttot honestly fch thttt ottr executive and legislative officials are fulfill-
ing tltc duties that were originally designated to them. The fault, however, is
with tltc structure and ttot with the people involved itt SA.

Perhaps the cttrrcttt structure of SA does not allow for maximum represen-
tatiott. Maybe SA has become too bureaucratic and too far removed from the
students to truly get a sense of what we feel and want. And just possibly the
well-intctttiottcd and well-designed student government of yesterday has grown
obsolete to the pressures and needs of students today.

It is titttc for students, and yes, SA leaders, to sit down and look at the cur-
rent situation. The rtccd for student govcrnment has been, is. and will always
be of utmost importance. The need, however, for a representative student
government must never be forgotten. SA must always remember that it is we,
the students, who put them where they are; it is we they must report to; and it

is we who, by definition, must hold the ultimate power to govern ourselves.
' ‘ —-SAG

 

é ﬁgs.

y/SPECTS

Elf-bitch"! In 1916

anal its ascetic: magazine

Hob E. Grubman. Edllor In Chlal
Hayden Carruth. Steven A. Grunborg. Managing Edllors
Sylvia Sound-n, Senior Editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Susan Mlllluan, Beth Saxur
. Judie Elsonbotp, Wayne Paaraboom

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Rob Edelstaln

.Jonnno Walnut, Andrew Carroll

News Editors .. . ..
Associate News
ASPocta Editor . . . . . . . . . . ..
Associate ASPOclI Editors.

 
 
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

Sound Editor. . . . . . . . . . Doug Woli
Vlslon Editor ... ...Ilnt Dixon
Creative Aria . Suzanna Gerber

.. ..... Bob Ballaiiora
Mart: Haspal, Larry Kahu

. . . . . . . . .. . Patricia Branlay
Frank Git Jr., Mitchell A. Graabul

Spam Editor .. ..
Alloclata Sports Editor: .
Editorial Page! Editor .. .
Copy Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stall writers: Anna Bets. Tam Bontlotlo. Robin Brown, Bath Carnrnarata, Kort Cantor, Mlehanl Carmen. Anne
Cavauuqh. Lorl Cohan. Sharon Cote. Lian Douonmark, Hubert-Kannth chkoy, Mark Ftsehottl. Bruce For, Frank J. Gll
.tr., Gail Goldsteln, Kort Gordon, Whitnny Gould, Erie Grubar, Matthew Handed, Wendall Hoddon. Michele lsraal,
Jarnus Jatla. Larry Kinsman. Nora Kirby. Brucn Levy, Bruno Lieber. Tom Luatlk. James Matkotsla, Ed Plnka, Dlatmuld
Quinn. Mark Rossiar, Jnll Schadotl. Barbara Schindler, Paul Schwartl, Suo Smith, Laurol Solomon. Carolina Som-
rnors Zodiac and Preview Editors: Marie Garbarlno, Mary Korrloln

Marilyn Molkowllz, Business Manager
Janet Drallun. Advertising Mnnngsr

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BonnleStevons
. Miriam Rusplur. Hody Brodo‘r, Karen Sardotl
September Ktoln
.. Haydon Cnrruth

 
   
 

Office Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Billing Accountants ..
‘Ctaaaltlad Manager. . ...
- , Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 

 

 

 

Sales: Davu Braden, Robert Kill]. ﬂay Lootnla Advertising Production Managers: Marlo Anne Colavlto, Tamrny Geloa
Advertising Production: Dianno Gtacaln, Susan Knplun, Mara Mondolaohn. Lautlu Schwnliboto. Carolyn Soduwlck.
Olllea Stall: Wendy Bucket. Randi Groanberg. Tricia Jonson, Arlene Kallowltz

Dean Butt, Production Manager
Dab Reynolds, David Thanh-user, Associate Production Managers
Vertical Camera. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . ..
Paata‘upt Rhonda Kellnet. Robin Lttmsteln. Edan Lovlnu, Catlun Shlpotolaky, Typl
Marlo Gntbarlno. Mindy Gordon. nttrutttn Noirtn. Cathie Ryan. Shari Schneider.
Ftschclll

.. Elissa Beck
Nancy Earns In. Mary Burke.
Laurie Wnltura, Chaulleur: Mark

 

  

Photography. Supplied prtnclpttlly by Unlvarslty Phalo Servlca
Chlal Photographer: Bob Leonard

UPS Stall: Dave Ascltar, Bruce Brlggs. Alan Calam, Karl 0
Marc lienschal, Bill Klauss, Ronnna Kulaltott, Dave Mac
rSIalnltantp, Torty lasso/om. Wlll Vurntan

nan, Sherry Cohan, Stave Essen. Mllra Fuller. Mark Halak,
Itson. Lois Mattabonl, Sue Mlndlch. Mark Nari/er. Suns

The Albrtny Student Press Is published every Tuesday and Frldny during the school year by the Albany Student
Press Corporation, an lndnpandanl nortor-prolll corporal/on. Editorials are written by "W Edltol in Chief; pulley ls
sub/eel in ravraw by Iha Editorial Board.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 1329
1‘00 Washing/on Ave.
Albany, NY 12222
(513) 467-8892/3322/3359

 

 

 

 

 

|".dll0|'it|l I'ttges I‘Zditor tit-4559988.
M

r . m-a a:

uaucelmtuwtt...m...- . ,. ,

.,

 

‘rr‘ts’twov-Im':

 

 

 

 

