 

"no. ’ n . rm ipslllt’“ umwumhum ouonon 0'

 

-—..—-.....‘ .. t 1 t

.-.l._‘-.---........—-_.-.-

al.0‘4IvIAOt-itﬁor on. twain! .rc
. s."

01“”..- n 1.:

\ s

\

n.o.u.u..un.-...-..r.

.i....¢.‘....;n 9.-.... ...- a-o-Oi-I . . .. I .

 

\- and. .-. - .. .. .r-.v~...--.....'......

_ Agpccto on Timothy 

 

Fobruuiy 10, 

ﬂ.

 

t has never been the policy of this
j publication to review television
programs unless they are of the ut-
most importance and/or controversy. East
of Eden is neither Important 'nor especially
controversial. but Edward Albee cancelled-

Mark Rossier

and we needed to fill two pages fast. For
reasons unbeknownst to me. i volunteered
to wilte the two pages and as lt.\|s now. pear-

 

   

 

1

“Jane Seymour’s acting is so had
It lmoat com ellln ."

ing midnight and i still haven i come up with
anything inspired to tmpart on my loyal

following. a review of East 0/ Eden seemed
as good as anything else. especially since

T.V. Replay

s
i

Jane Seymour ls going to start appearing on
every magazine cover in the country.

The idea of adapting great (or even near-'
great) novels for T.V. has always bothered
me somewhat. The only great novels that
are readily transfered to television. or film
for that rnatter. are ones that have strong. in-
teresting plots. We rarely see successful
adaptations of Fitzgerald, for instance.
because he's all style. But the problem with
taking densely plotted novels and making
them into eight hour movies Is that we lose
any style. Great novels are usually great
almost in spite of their plots. it Is the
language. the structure. in general the style
that makes them great — take that away and
all that's left is soap opera. Such is the case
with East of Eden.

1 have nothing against soap opera. i watch
General Hospital just as loyally as anyone
else. but East of Eden Isn't even done as well
as that. The storyline and production values.
especially the cinematography. are enough
to keep attention. but its the kind of guilty at-
tention you can justify by saying there‘s
nothing else on. if realize NBC had Kent
State on opposite this. but the parts of that i
saw were almost as tragic as the event itself.)

l sensed that the class of the original might
get tarnished when i noticed that the script
for Sunday's three-hour op‘ning segment
was written by Richard Shapiro. creator of
Dynasty. ABC's version of Dallas. My suspi-
cion was confirmed almost immediately
when Cyrus Trask (Warren Oates) asks his

Your East or

\

wife' their son's name and she replies.
"Adam. like in the Bible." Now. i think most
of the audience Is aware that Steinbeck‘s
book is a Biblical allegory. but if Shapiro felt
it necessary to remind us. he could have
found a less heavy-handed way to do it.
That. it turnsout. was just the beginning.
The first time we see Cathy Ames (played so
badly by Jane Seymour that she is somehow
compelling). she is playing doctor to Daddy 5
barn. Her mother makes littl Cathy say she
7 ~ ‘

     
 

    

. \ -‘ I ' LA ..
“Timothy Bottoms (above, left) used to be good. but you'd never

know it here."
was forced into it. and when her two
"assisting surgeons" are whipped. Cathy

she was “kissed on the lips by Satan" the day
she was born hardly seems an adequate ex.
planatlon of the show‘s central figure.

The acting isn't a great help either.
Timothy Bottoms used to be a good actor.
but you'd never know it by lookitig at his
portray of Adam. the man who lows and
loses Cathy. He mopes around for almost
the entire episode. coming out of his coma
only long enough to ovaract lils ritigry
scenes. Bruce Boxleitn fairs considerably

e1'

x ..

better as Charles. but the part is not ltjrllli,‘
very demanding.
Well. my twa pages are almost up  :i'»

 

 

 

 

 

 res: ‘

 

filed as the "World's eatest
Drummer" Mr. Buddy Rich ed his
band into.J.B. Scott's last Saturday
night. and made followers out of those in at-
tendance who were not already fans of his
music. Rich played two flfty minute sets that
showed why he has been tagged with this it-
tle and many other honors including being
named to Downbeat ma azlne's Hall of

Norman Berle

Fame. Buddy Rich is one of the few Swing
Era Jazz giants who has established a rapport
with the Rock Generation. He has done this
by not trying to look back. but instead
establishing a classic big band that has come
to terms with todays mainstream tau and
rock music.

The heart of any big band ls its rhythm sec-
tion. it's the only section that operates con-
tinually. drawing the other sections into an
explicit rhythmic unity. And besides it makes
your feet tap along. Anyway. that (act alone
would assure nearly any Rich band

Emupiay

 

 

preeminence in any music scene. Add to
that the fifteen piece band he now surrounds
himself with. and you have one of the finer
big bands playing in America today. The sax
section - led by Steve Marcus on tenor and
the full brass section gave the unit Its strong
attack.

Rich and Company took the stage at ten
o'clock before a receptive crowd of mixed
ages. They played through five ar-
rangements. going from one to the next with
quick speed while the bandleader kept a soft
steady beat. as if his drumming was like a
quarterback calling signals before each play.
The only interruption to this game plan took
place following the first tune when Rich. ever
known for his acid wit. bitched out about all
the bright lighting around himself and told
the lighting man to “take a cab." The rest of
the night it remained dark around Buddy’s
drum set and the band took over from there.

Between sets Rich spoke of his bands up-
coming month-long tour of England and
Europe. The band members consist of well-
pliiying musicians from Ilit’ WUSI (Toast and

stands on the porch smiling. her cross shin-
lng in the sun. Like everything about Cathy.
this scene ls too vague'to be of any real im-
portance. She is given no motivation for any
of her“ actions whether it be killing her
parents. sleeping with her brother~In-law. or
choosing prostitution as a career. Charles'
(the aforementioned brother—in-law who
continually speaks‘in slmlles) comment that

time to wrap things up in a swift. hut lililii‘flll
ly not abrupt manner. At one point iii the
show. Adam's father tells him. “()tirr' you
lace death there is nothing left in It‘tit " i
guess It never occurred to him that Rli‘liititl
Shapiro could do a twelve-hour adrrpmiioii
of Ulysses or The Canterbury Talus or
Dante's Inferno or . . . .

Kent State: Provocative Mediocrity

9' he sixties were serious times. times
of both emotion and insanity. They
a were important times for me per-
sonally. and the gunshots in Ohio that ended
them were especially so. i approached Sun-
day's premiere of Kent State feeling protec~
tive of those days. and hostile towards any
attempt to capitalize upon them.

Jack Nuthall

it's been easy for Hollywood. T.V.
especially. to make slick. stereotypical
treatments of the events of the sixties. The
endorsement of the National Endowments of
the Arts didn't assuage my doubts. as
they've backed trashy made-for-television
pieces before. like the T.V. vezsion of The
Miracle Worker. 1 was doubly suspicious
when i found that the three-hour film had
been edited down from four.

Smug and self-righteous. i felt my hostility

 

        
   

‘ Effie» *’ '

Justified by the first third of the film. it was
what l'd expected. The doomed students
were quickly identified in a "kiss of death"

manner by tender vignettes portraying them
as “decent human beings." Cute "Barbie and
Ken Doll" students attacked apathetic
students for being “Barbie and Ken Dolls."
Blow-dry haircuts were massed up a little
and hidden under head bands. The radicals’
wardrobes were carefully coordinated -
Dearest, do you think the Ioue‘beads look
tacky wlth the orange tit dye? — most of the
action consisted of stoc. scenes intended to
show us that the college students then were
lust real people like you and me. and that the .

leaders of the demonstrations were just real
people like you and me. and that the college
professors were just real people like you and
me. and that the National Guardsmen were
really Just people like you and me.

it all nauseated me and I was happy to
have been right.

Then things changed. The students went
to burn the ROTC building and despite the
fact that the mayor knew about this for
hours. the police never showed. What
should have been a major confrontation was
an anti-climax for the students. Wlde~angle
shots of the ROTC building made it look like
a paper box. hardly the object of so much
hate. i'd had that feeling before. back in the
sixties especially. Something was wrong.
and everything was going to come apart.

Which It did. in the best scene of the film.
the National Guard rolled in In armored
transports. drifting ghost-like in front of the
burning building. the roar of the machines
replaced by CSNY's "Ohio." it should have
struck me as a bit of flashy Hollywood. and
maybe to many it did. But for me it was chlll-
ing. All the insanity. all the passion. and all
the nightmare ﬂooded back in that single
moment of film.

The remainder of the movie. despite
lapses of "Just people like you and me"
scenes. and a commercial break just when
the Guard assumed the firing position for the
first time. continued on as an accurate por-
trayal of a tragic event in troubled times.
Things happened that made no se ise. A let-
ter supposedly written by the governor of
Ohio was given to the Guard. giving them
control of Kent State. but was unsigned. At
first I thought that maybe director James
Goldstein was trying to hint at a conspiracy
by “The Establishment." Then i thought that
maybe James Michener. whose book form-
ed the foundation for the script. never really
clarified the issue.

Finally l remembered that that was the
way things happened then. Stupid things did
happen for no reason.

The chaos and confusion was well brought
out at the end. with the unsettling use of
rapid lump-cuts. compression editing. hand-
held shots of students running and muddled
audios of almost-orders and half-Obscenities.
All of a sudden the shooting had begun. all
before i knew it. and everything came apart.
it all had been so confusing and had happen-
ed so fast —— the way It must've been at Kent.

Illusions of the lltlllLl weaves glowing lili|1lii\'i.\iilltiii'~
Arthur Blythe The “in the Tradition" band features Steve
Columbia McCall and Fred Hopkins of the collective

group Air on drums and bass. along with
John Hicks on piano. These players are
custom-fit to playing with each other. and re-
cent live performances in Manhattan packed
a Seventh Avenue club five nights straight.
Their playing can only be described as iri-
describable. Listen! This record is making
waves.

6—4 his not-so-new record comes from
the premier alto sax player in Jazz

today. Mr. Blythe has gained quite
a following In recent years. and illusions.

with its infectious swing and hard-driving in-

Steve Popper

strumentalists. will no doubt add to it. He ex-

 

So in Love
Art Pepper

That was the strength of the film. That's
what demonstrations were like for many
people. Nothing did make sense. People
fought and cried — cops and Guardsmen

For that reason. and despite all the
television-type nonsense .‘l think the film suc-
ceeded. it wasn't a classic. but it capturml tltu
nightmare well.

Artists House

rt Pepper is back‘in full form. His
cﬂalto is in complete control
throughout this high quality press-

dropped gas and beat people up and

' ' Cou’dn'l he1P Cr In as the amt i l. ~v5
everStone asked “Why?” with no answer. 9 9 )i ill(t

rolled off in slow-motion to “Ohio.” 0

The Rating Game

Z common denominator which runs pervasivuly through both AillL’l‘lt'iiii ivl." “ r".
and feature films is mediocrity The average viewer can be costly "with" it
general filt'litig lif frustration when lie/she can go weeks or months Willit mi in
terusting protect in either murlm appearing. and then find a bumper crop too slilltlt‘li .mrl
too brief to keep up with.

The networks have an annoying habit of waging "ratings wars" from time to liliii' l'lit’
only casualty is the TV viewei . who has to choose between several promisnig offutinni~ till
broadcast simultaneously. Sunday night saw a major skirmish. CBS showed Ilonpm. mil:
Burt Reynolds and Sally Field. against ABC's adaptation of East of Eden. and NBC's mmiw
for-television film. Kent State. Post battles have seen such slates as One Flew ()l't’l llir’
Cuckoo'sNesI. Gone Wilfi The Wind and a television biography of Elvis Presley counter
programmed.

One can 1 suppose. be grateful that the recent Screen Actor’s Guild strike insurctl no
competition for Shogun this fall.

The thinking of the network executives is as lucid and easy to follow as that of llit’ rlvvmt
Chiefs of Staff. There is one driving motivation discernible to the untrained eve liiiwm‘i'i —
an obsession with “The Numbers.“ The mysterious “Neilsun families" have assumed A
godlike status. As a rule. new shows must instantly‘achievc. and consistently i‘liriitilriii‘. a
thirty per cent share of the viewing audience. vanishes. There was o time when Sliiiws’ unto
given longer to prove themselves. and could be retained with less spectacular I'L'sttlts [in ii
recent PBS documentary. the producers of M-A-S~H dnuhiedtthcu could own qt" “W”
show on the air today.) '

A similar situation is found in the feature film industry. Peak marketing pi'riritis are
selected for motor movie releases. the most noticeable and Compact lillt' being ill
Cliiiflniai Dry PL’I‘iDdS usually affect the business before and after these filth: periods A5
d‘SIT'l‘ill‘)75 it‘ll)” '0 kL’L’P Clilistmns films playing through January. few films aw rulurist'd
then. Sometimes. if there are enough bombs. February con bu ti inini»liiiiz month ll'lHS
month. Altered States and Fort Apache. The Bronx liitVt’ iili'i'illlv opened. with HPfIItW
The Dogs 0/ War. Raging Bull. and Tess all expected. among others-l

Infrequent nioviugoeis filitf llit’ situation frustrating. And coinpiiunritng tlit' pilll’lt‘m "‘
the lack of faith riistriliuiois have in Some of their better. but smaller films .tliii'lliitititis to llit'
'lmwmkﬁ It‘le “fft‘lll‘ i“ 50m“ Slltiws The ldolniakar. 1i I111iLlUSllV-lilitlgt'ldil filmlilioiii .i flf'
tics composer/trick promoter was the bust film to make lllt‘ ioiiiitls lately but with no pl"-
niotion only played. sis (luvs '

fllIL'lL' is little the movie frill can do. apart from keeping up on the nvw ll’lL'rISi". :Wl l‘t'
.w"""$i to Inlw n L‘liitiiCL‘. 'l'lw rikl\'t’lll of the home t'itlcn cassciiv It't‘riltll‘i tllitf llit' Iiit'lt"l‘
"iii Imimlin'ilv 0f i‘nltle TV should liltilit’ ltfi’ cruisulci'nblv eastui fr it lfii‘ litillli' \‘lk'u't'l N'lt' l"
Pick “"d Chm“? Vlk‘WliiQ “luvs fr it ilivtiiselws. audiences liirli.‘ lw toss willing to put up villl
"“l'll' "i-‘le'k PI'UQH‘HNHIHH iiitlii‘ics. in addition. prerecorded \‘Itlt'll mouth“ "l ""m'w

films will offer new alternatives in network programming
k But until new technology radically alters viewing practices though. those “f ““ Who

 

ing. and his carefully selected sldemen make
this session a very important one in the coliti-
nuing saga for one of Jazz music's tnost deter-

 

 

n ) ~ '
Silt w Mr. Nellsen petsnnally are stuck with the minor iyt'imius of cultural riutius lllv' l "f"
Vti‘miiii. And if dtiylliiiig's depressing. that is. «Jim Dixon]

 

Pat Metheny is hot in 80/81.
record. The first is an "electric" band. featur»
ing the guitar of James Blood Ulmer. who
lays down intricate frameworks with a sound
that is all his own. and around which the rest

SeLQLJCﬂ

lirillr’itl H
Thelonlus Monk's "Straight." “No Chase.

mined players.

The selections range from the beautiful
"Diane" (a l’cpper original) to

and “Stardust.” Pepper flies authoritatively
throughout.

Winwood Dives

Lean Streaky Music spawned on the
SfTUL’fS.
i hear It but with you I had to go
‘Cause my rock ‘n'roll is putting on weight
And the beat goes on.
your years of silence from a person
who can be considered the Mozart
of Rock and Roll created a void
that was very hard to fill. Fortunately. Stevie
Winwood has come up with another pleas-
ing solo effort. Arc of 0 Diner. that fills this
emptiness. .

Tom Lustik

Arc of a uiuer is a compilation of songs
whose lyrics were written individually by Will
Jennings. George Fleming. and Viv Stan~
shell. All music was written and performed
by Steve Winwood. This. of course. includes
the well known character of Winwood's
vocals. which are most convincing when
putting Jennings' lyrics to music.

The main part of Winwuod's career was
spent with the group Traffic. who gave us
such jazz/rock classics as Low Sparks of
High Heeled Boys and John Barleycorn
Must Die. Wlnwood's new effort is
somewhat similar to his 1977 release, Steve
Winwood. although he has incorporated
slightly more jazz this time. The album. prov

 

duced. engineered. and mixed by Win-
wood. has become a true solo effort for him.
The only facet of the album he has not
covered himself is the lyrics.

Winwood's style of music. past and pre-
sent. can be characterized as a blending of
rock and tan styles. This fusion has long
been a favorite of his. This style surfaces
once again in the songs “While You See a
Chance" and the title track. “Arc of a Diver."
Winwood's progressiveness shows through
in his use of additional electronic keyboards.

A country-folk flavor comes about from
the cut “Slowdown Sundown.” Here. the
acoustic guitar and mandolin. incorporated
into the slower tempo, create a mood of
reﬂection. “Night Train" and “Second Hand
Woman." two of the faster moving tunes on

 

Aopoeto on Tuaday t. . ' . ' . .

the New York studio rounds. Mostly. Buddy
shares his! time between New York. where
he was born In Brooklyn, and Los Angeles,
"that deadly oasis in California." Asked
about his touring. the 63 year-old drummer
explained. "l've been playing before au-
diences for so long that it doesn't matter
where the hell i am."

 

The band returned for the second set at a
quarter past eleven; what was publicized as
two shows was in actuality two sets. They
ran through a Weather Report composition
entitled "Havana." which featured Steve

The Artists House label is one of the rare
few companies that puts the profits in the
musicians' pockets: the players own their
own recordings. A fine session. on a great
label. More power to Art Pepper.

80/81
Pat Metheny
E.C.M.
This is Pat Metheny's most diverse

J session to date and he needed four

sides to express himself. The duali-
ty of this recording. as with all E.C.M.
records. is crystal clear. Metheny is always
maturing and the sidemen' here are as sym-
pathetic a band as any leader can wish for.
From the graceful driving “Folk Songs" to
.the freewheeling “Pretty Scattered.’I Jack
Derltilinetie uii drums. (.‘lirirlle Hazlett rm
bass. and Mike Brecker and Dewey Redman
on tenor saxes make this album move along
with incredibly high energy.

The title track swings with a fine samba
beat as the impeccable DeJonette hits home
with his tasty percussion. A colorful treat-
ment of Ornette Coleman's "Turnaroundf' Is
the highlight for this listener. This double
record represents the continued musical

3 ¢ ' 'S‘Vinss A Bis-Stielr- “

Marcus's fine soprano saxophone solo and a
pretty ﬂute melody played by the rest of the
sax section. Rich's band followed with four
other tunes including a Don Sebesky ar-
rangement.

As different players soloed. Rich remained
the anchor. with his rhythm keeping
everything in line. "Big SwingiFace." the
finale. gave way to an alto sax solo that Jabbv

'ed around and through the band's dense

wall of sound. it all led up to the typical ten
minute show stopper that Rich does in his
late-night TV Johnny Carson Show ap-
pearances. This seemed to be what most of
the crowd was waiting for and they were not
disappointed as Buddy displayed his
phenomenal technical ability on a drum set
that must have been hurtln' bad at the end of
the night.

Buddy Rich showed what kind of drum
master he is and his big band helped
highlight the event. The Rich band is at its
most exciting when it shouts. Saturday night
It shouted loud and clear with a driving sw-
ing. .

or Ian Freaks

journey of one of the most dedicated and
talented musicians in conteniporaryjazz. and
it seems the best is yet to come.

Gotham City
Dexter Gordon
Columbia
at another hard swinging effort
@from Dex and friends. This man is
so prolific and consistently hotl
Gotham City is no exception. and the friends
he takes along for the ride are special in-
deed. George Benson deltvers some of his
iazziest playing in years. it's good to hear him

in this Ctiiili'xl. Art Bltikely and Percy Heath A. _

- make the drums and bass seem as one; and ‘
Woody Shaw's smooth trumpet soothes the
soul and tingles the spine. Cedar Walton's
firm piano foundation rounds out the unit
perfectly.

And the times! Randy Western's “Hi-Fly"
gets the full Deitier treatment. Clifford
Brown's Blues Walk is as spicy and upbeat as
ever. and "A Nightingale Song In Berkeley
SqUare" by Maschwltz and Sherman Is the
type of tender ballad that Dex loves to stretch
out. Gotham City left me breathless tiller the
first sitting. A treat for the ears! 0

I‘l'o [low Heights

  

Steve Winwood: Does.“ all on

Ding;l

the album. also have the laziest sound.
“Second Hand Woman" has a disco-like
beat. while “Night Train" might be the best
cut on the album. The moving Jazz beat
keeps the listener attuned and bopping. The
album is rounded off by "Dust" and the in-

creased electronics of “Spanish Dancer."

Here's to someday when someone
understands it
Why life keeps turning like a mad
thing
Until that someday l'll lust play what
i have to play
Though [play it alone

And Steve Winwood does play it alone on
Arc o] 0 Diner. Four years of supposed inac-
tivity has produced a brilliant new album.

Steve Winwood is the type of talented
musician who could afford to.release new
albums more often, but if it takes four years
to create a masterpiece like Arc of a Diver.

we should be willing to watt. 0

 

 

 

UJELL TEAM .thH THE
BASKETBALL etc/«sort
ALMOST OVER.TllE NCAti
TOURNAMENT seems
our or REACH .

 

 
     
      

BUT FOR pie LIFE
or: M6 | CAN‘T HOURS
our wHATmENT
wRONG.

llll

 

 

Bur condos-Kc 041:

WE. ‘Re ALL UNDG l1
Slit FEET TALL!
AN 0 o ciNTHE
TEAM KNows How 1’0
DRiBBLtl.’

COULD 35 A LACK OF
CDNFIDENcr-z mom. /
_'_’—/

 
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

