 
 

     
      
      
       
    
      
     
   
 
   
   
   
    
    
       

 

 

 

 

  Nabs GreatDane Coaches Foer‘adﬁ Stuff 

by slob Smell-o-doody

it was only a matter of time.

And it has ﬁnally happened at
Albany State. .

The plague of violations‘ of
recruiting standards and the basic
tenets of fair play that has infected
intercollegiate athletics for'the past
year or two has made its way into
the Albany athletic department.
Three varsity coaches — Bob Ford.
Dick Sauers. and Rick Skeet have
been brought up on charges of
recruiting violations and not being
nice guys by the NCAA Commis-
sion for‘ ~the Prevention .ol
Recruiting Violations and Basic Not
Nlceness (CPRVBNN).

it figures.

. "i simply cannot believe that the
NCAA, an organization we have
been faithfully a part of for so long,

3‘ .s.

    

Bob Ford: Made a shambles of lots

of good stuff.

 

 

 

Ford. Sauers, Skeel Get Nailed

would even have the slightest suspi-
cions of our being guilty \of any
violations of any kind whatsoever,"
said Ford, Albany football coach
and outgoing Athletic Director.
“And to think of all the money
we've paid them in the last three
years not to look at our books.”

The charges stem from allega-
tions that the three coaches have
promised lO-spced bikes. free Sut-
terburgcrs (with cheese and bacon),
tickets to the Albany Symphony,
and lifelong memberships to the
Capital District ASPCA, among
other things, to prospective
“student” athletes.

it is also alleged tltat the coaches
have offered those athletes who
have pcrfornted the best free tickets
to the Albany State Cinema, rides
home after practices, and an extra

. Twinkle in their boxed lunches on

road trips.

“This is possibly the worst case.
of widespread corruption and not-
niceness we have ever come across
on the college level," said commis-
sion chairman Harland J. McKen-
na. a veteran of 34 years of college
investigations. “We plan to throw
the book at those damn Danes."

The individual cases of rotten
sportsmanship are even more
disturbing, and more shocking —-
and it appears the biggest criminal is
Skccl.

In his second year as Albany
baseball coach, Skccl has worked to
rebuild a stugnating'and stale pro-
gram which was never really that
good to begin with. He has tirade a
little progress. Now it appears the
fiitt is over. ' '

“i think that this is finally my
learn — one that i can ‘call my
own," Skeel said. “And now they
cottic tip with this nonsense. All I

 

know is that it's not true. l've seen
the teams at the college world
series, and i know we can be one of
them. it's because i worked, and l
slaved, and l lured all those great
pitchers and hitters from those
Division l schools — not because i
did something illegal."

McKenna said that Streel promis-

‘cd players lessons in his patented

midwestcrn accent, and offered one
player his secret to eternal blond
hair.

Although Skeet was the biggest
offender, Ford stands to lese the
most. He recently announced his
resignation 'as Athletic Director
because of a personal inability to

Rick Skeet: Beautiful blond rip the
river without a but.

fulfill the dual responsibilities of the
job and football coach, but McKen-
na thinks. in light of the allegations,
that he quit for other reasons.

"i cannot help but believe that
the Bipper was up to some dirty
pool," he said. “Fourteen players
iti the-last two years were supposed
to go to better football schools, but
they somehow wound up at Albany.
Something smells, and l'm going to
get to the bottom of it.

"There is one thing i don‘t
understand," lte contimtcd. "if
they did all those rotten things, why
were they only 5-5?"

Ford is guilty of the severest of
the incentive violations. Tltc NCAA
rule book allows some minor incen-
tive awards to be given ottt, bitt
McKenna said that Ford has gone
too far. .

“Not only has he abridged the
coaches codc of honor, biit ltc's
tirade in shambles of cverytltittg
good and nice about being a coach
iit America," McKenna said.

Aside the usual pats on the rear
ends that Ford gives his ntost stellar
performers, McKenna said that the
coach allowed certain players to be
late for practices without excuses,
and permitted tiicttt to wear dirty
socks and t-slrirts. That is strictly
prohibited by the NCAA rttle book.

“As far as l'irr concerned, his
career is over," McKenna affirmed.

Sauers, McKenna said, “has
gone against cverytlting that is real-
ly good and nice iit basketball. He

makes normal college students run ‘
around tit circlcs. He yells at thcnt,

and rarely has the common courtesy
to change his suit. With all those
wins, the least ltc could do is wear
different clothes."

McKenna sighted Saucrs‘ major
infraction as being the return of

r.

Winston Royal from the Dominican
Republic team to the Danes.

“i cannot believe that Sauers told '

him that, after one year off, he
could start over and play four
more," said McKenna. 

“But Sauers denied this. "What i
said was that if he came back to
Albany, he could stay four more —
not play. He must'vc
misunderstood me,” Sauers said.

"i don't care who said what.
That Sauers is out," McKenna said
in response. .

So the rash 6r illegality and rot-
tcnness in college sports continues
Evert in Division iii. no school ap
pears to be beyond suspicion.

“l'nt glad of one thing," said
Ford, always Ihc optimist. “At least
i got to go to Florida, and i didn‘t
even have to pay for it."

 

Dick Sauers: Went against
everything good aiid nice.

No Umps, N0 Softball, Says Pissed Off Elkin

Clyde (insert) will be replacing Dennis Elkin as AMIA Direcior and will

 

probably do a better job. (Photo: Will Yourmo’mma)

by Larry Kan't

Citing a lack of student umpires
and “just the incredible pain iii the
ass" of scheduling over 1,000
games, AMlA Director Dennis
Elkin officially cancelled the spring
softball program yesterday.

Over 400 teams with over 6,000
individuals on their rosters had an-
ticipatcd the start of the program
this week. However, only four peo-
ple signed up to umpire the games.

“We cannot operate with less
than 35 umpires," Elkin stated cm-
pltatically. “Only fotir have signed
up so far —- one of them is blind,
one is crippled, ortc is crazy and the
other is my mother."

"You would have to be either
crazy or Elki 's mot-her to work for
those coolic wages and take the
abuse that AMlA umpires arc sub-
jected to," noted one former titti-
pire. “Last year 17 itinpires were iii-
volvcd in incidents in which they
were physically abused. Of these,

 

three were permanently crippled by‘

baseball bats, one was brutally gttng
raped by an cirtlre League II B team
and one has a spike lodged in his
butt - and it still hurts when i sit
down." '

The difficulty of scheduling all of
the games necessary was another

 

problem Elkin could not overcome.

“ideally we would like to
schedule at least six gantcs for each
team before we begin playoffs,"
said Elkin. "But with only 50 play
lng. days we would have sortie pro-
blents. We figured out that we
would have to start the playoffs
well before the season began and
eliminate about 50 learns before
they even played one game.

“That wouldn‘t be fair nor make
much sense so we just scrapped the
season. Maybe we'll try it again
next year and sec wltat happens,"
he continued. “Besides, there was
no way i was going to sit there and
try to make up that schedule. How
much do you think they pay me to
do this job anyway? A Vmonkey
could do the job that i do.”

in addition. Elkin has announced
that'all student boitd money col-
lected. over $5.000, will not be
refunded. - ‘

“Half of it is already spent,"
Elkin noted. “We have it lot of ex-
penses — somebody has to pay for
all the softballs, bats 'and pizza we
bought already. Surely you don't
expect me to pay it out of my own
pocket — how much do you think
they pay me for thlsjob'l A monkey
could do the job that i do."

Student rcactiott , to the un-
nouncemeitts has bectt mixed —
half of the teams contacted wanted
to bang Elkin immediately. "f
the highest trce we can find
one irate captain, and the 
wanted to tar and fer"
before tltcy hang ltitn. tip.

“This is an outrage,
Class of 1981 president Gary'Tﬁ'
sky. “Softball is the life 
breathe of this campus arid Mi
Elkin is suffocating us all. Besides, i
thought my tcant was ready to wit.
it all this year."

“it really stinks." cotnmertted
one disenchanted member of thu-
Chin Brothers brillclub. “Now Wt
don't have any reason to have a bit
party and bring that stupid'
out of our wirtdow."

"it doesn‘t matter that it,

 
 
 
 
 

said a .l.W. llu/l llro
spokesman. “We'll just _
another way to get into l'l

Maybe we’ll just terrorize little
ladies in the park or something.“

"i don‘t know what l‘m going to
do without softball,” said one
distraught little AWcsoine. “How
can we let Elkin do this to its — how
much are we paying him. anyway?
A monkey could do that jot) bet-
ter."

 

       
   

 

 

‘_ClRAClKlNG DOWN on “ADULT ENTERTAINMENT?“

e tried to be as discreet as possible
as we ducked into wltat would
have been the living room of a

wood frame two story house. Merchandise
(displayed on tightly packed shelves and
racks ranqed from pornographic novels and

Beth Sexer and Jim Dixon

 

ttttrgttzinrzs to dildos. \lll‘tt’itlttls, olrscenr'
decks ol.play|ng cards and other marital aids.
Not that we were looking too closely.

We introduced ourselves to the cashier at
the register of the Continental Adult
Bookstore tn Schenectady Her immediate

. reaction was to yell “eron!" and call ill a

large gentleman froirt the back room. We
looked around. wondering if Dan Rather
had walked iitto the rooin and we hadn't
noticed. He hadn't. and we were left with the
unlikely possibility that we were the source of
all this fuss.

We introduced ourselves to the large
gentleman, explained we were researching it
story on “adult entertainment in the Capital
District." and wondered if he'd be willing to
talk to us. He wasn't. He was willing to give
us the name and number of his attorney.

Adult bookstores have existed In Schenec-
tady for approximately eight years.
However. in the last two years they have
come under increasing attack by city officials.
community groups. and some say. the
media, to pack their books and leave.

“They want to close the stores. but the Ittw
doesn't give them the right." said Attorney

George Caintno. who is representing the
Continental Adult Bookstore.

Schenectady County District Attorney
John B. Poersclt denied that Ire is trying to
shut down the stores: '

"What l‘rn trying to do is to stop the sale of
obscene literature in the city."

One might Wonder lf there's airy dif-
ference. '

  
 
 
     

 

   

in! . v . ‘ r '
l’oersclt explained that undercover agents
are sent tnto adult bookstores to buy several
books or magazines. The rirnturlals are
brought to n judge who determines if they
are obscene by standards dcflttcd lit the New
York State Penal Code. Article 235 titled
“Obscenity and Related Offenses."

The code states that. “Any material or per-
formance is ‘obscene' if (it) the average per!

   

 

iii Orr narrator

 

stan walking out."

"Besides," he added. “A nice soft Core
movie. is a great place for it guy illltl it girl. It
might start off their night rather nicely 7
maybe even their whole weekend."

But what exactly is the t’flilt'l of going to till
x-rtitcd movie?

After talking to several people who illlt’titl'
ed linianuellc. it wits clear that nitmy people
didn't just on lot it "goof" in lit'i‘ntisc lltt'lt‘
was nothing better to do.

Oddly enough. although everyone i spoke
to said they weren't embarrassed to be ill the.
movie. no one wished to be identified.

“I don't know wiry l went ." strid n guy who
wished to be identified us it ‘sunrching
SODhomore.‘ “My girlfriend illltl | brokeI tip
about three weeks trgu .rnd I needed to see
the movie." he said. "You know how it is ——
or isn't. Besides. i figured I might meet so«
incone there. Wliiil better plilCL' to meet so-
meone?"

Another sophomore was a little more ex-
plicit. “if any guy didn't get a hard-on during
at least one part of the movie. l'd say he
didn't see the screen clearly. I was so
frustrated afterwards. I wished I hadn't seen
it."

“I took my girlfriend so she might learn
something." another guy said jokingly as he
pulled his girlfriend a little closer. “No,
seriously," he added. “sometimes it does
make thlngs a little better."

The women in the audience were less anx-
ious to talk. bitt those who did had similar
reactions to the guys. “eren [go to a movie
like that. it's like living vicariously." one
female junior admitted. “i felt things right
along with lintanuelle."

Another girl said she doesn't see what all
the fuss ls about porn movies. considering
what other movie choices there are.
“Personally l'd rather watch two people
screwing each other than killing each other."
site said matter-of—factly.

Others just said they loolted at It as it kick
or something to kill an otherwise dull even-
ljrg. They used words like "goof," "joke," or
"new experience."

lNlllClElL‘th

For the ntosl part. no one seemed that on»
comfortable being there. The market for
porn materials. in general. experts agree. is
not confined to perverts or other utt‘lnlltntitl
cripples. To the contrary. the largest market
is liliKlL’ up of seemingly "normal" people
who don't appear any different frttin anyone
else.

According to the California Department of
Justice. the national pornograpltcrs do it
good $4 billionva-year business — about as
much its the conventional motion picture
turd record industries combined.

Ass-for as Enionuclle went. I have to admit
I was slightly disappointed. l’crbitps l ex~
pectcd scum-of-the-eartlt depravity. but after

   
 

rather

found the whole film
monotonous and unreal.
Later on, i talked to a guy who was In line

awhile l

for Emmanuelle‘s competitor. 2001.
He embarrassedly admitted ire had never
seen a porno movie. “l’don't really think i
want ,to." he said quietly. “Those movies
concern a part of living i prefer not to share
with a lot of unidentified people in a lecture
center.

“However, It's not as if I‘m not interested
in that part of living." he smiled. “i just don't
Want to watch other people do It. i think l'd

,ratber do It myself. . . " e ‘

 

son, applying contemporary community
standards. would find that considered as a
whole. Its predominant appeal is to the
prurient interest In 5er. (b) it depicts or
describes in a patently offensive manner. ac-
tual or simulated: sexual Intercourse.
sodomy. sexual bestialllty. masturbation,
sadism. masochism. excretion or lewd ex-

, hlbltton of the genitals, aitd (c) considered as

 

a whole. It lacks serious literary. artistic
political. and scientific value . . . "

if the judge finds that the trttttorlrils may be
obscene. he issues it wtrtrtntt lot the ttrrcst of
the store owners and confiscttlcs only those
mittcrittls researched.

A jttiy (twelve litcritry critics we
prusturto) their decides if the materials itC~
tutrlly are obscene. Though the owner. if
foiirtd guilty. may be lined or jailed. the store
is not closed. and only those materials judg»
ud obscene are banned from further sale.

This means tltnt adult bookstore owners
are bouncing in and out of court. but show
no signs of taking their business elsewhere.

l’oersch said that around 1975 Albany
County used it more economical illt(l effec-
tivu tiit’lll()(l of prosecuting i'ltlllll bookstores.
A judge ivotild personally inspect .i
bookstore rtnd its merchandise. and if he
found scvcrttl mirterlnls that he considered
obscene he would issue a warrant for the
complete confiscation oftth store's entire ins
ventory.

Albnny District Attorney Sol Grecnberg
said that a higher court ruled that this
method is unconstitutional since it involves
"the confiscation of property without (lUL‘
process." A court order also now status thtrt
only one copy of each printed matter may be
confiscated for review. Comino. however.
implies that the current process is still decep-
tive. The undercover agents, he said. “buy
the Worst items they Citti find. and they bring
those out.‘I

As proof. Contino related lllill a year ago
state police- cottducted it mnsslve search of
an adult bookstore in Utlca called “The Adult
Boutique." All items in the store were con-
flsmted.

A judge reviewed all the items, including
the non-printed matter. and found that “70
percent should be returned immediately“ to
the store. and “30 percent might be found"
to be obscene. A jury later ruled that none of
the material in the store was, tit fact.
obscene.

The prohibition of only specific items does
trot satisfy all people.

"Pornography is demeaning to airy decent
person, especially to women and children,"
said Arthur Comstock, an associate of the
recently formed Citizens Against Por-
nography (CAP).

CAP recently submttted a petition listing
approximately 8,000 signatures to City Hall
protesting the presence of the four adult
bookstores now operating In Schenectady.

In addition to their appeals to several city
officials. including Mayor Frank Duct and the
city council, the'group has plcketed the adult
bookstores.

Cornstock expressed optimism that CAP's
efforts will eventually lead to the elimination
of the bookstores in Schenectady. .

slam"  ' WW “ " ' ‘W““‘W‘  , 

: Suna Steinkarn

Photo

“I really don't care what people do in their
own homes,“ said Pocrsclr, ". . . however. i
know that the law Is that you cannot legally
sell obscenltles . . . and those that do so are
going to be prosecuted."

“Pornography is trot a victlmless crime!"
He cited the models who pose for the
magazines as victims. for one example.

l’oersclt also stated that the pornography
trade attracts prostitution and organized
crime lirto the area. and increases the crime
rate. .

“‘We found lll our investigations that pro-
stitution heroine very prevalent here. We
had it problem which Would rival New York
City's." Although he trdtnittcrl lltiil prostitu-

“lion could be found iii stavmnl parts of

Schenectady. l’oersrlr said that the ltltJllt’Sl
rote of ptoslitution is l't’lllt‘ltftl around those
areas \vlrcrir .tdult bookstores are situated.
" . lier" fortttn-ttclu been able to got rid of

§

g 75-80 [N‘If‘i'lll of llltll. And iii doing; so. we
- , 5 got rid of probably ‘Jtl percent of lllt' street

a t‘I'llllt.’ in “it” area."

So adult bookstores .tttinrt prostitution
turd street crime? Aird controlling itll this is
orgnnlzurl crime? l’oetsch seems to think so.

Atiil iill these happenings. l’oersch added,
glvo peopltl iii the surrounding area the idea
"lhtll good old Srlicttorlirdy is the place for
r|(‘lltlll."

(Itttnino disagrees

l’ninling oitl llrot pornography is
"absolutely legal" in Denmark. Carnlno said.
"i don't see that there's a vast amount of
crime there." _

Does pornography encourage rape?

“(i don't know of a case where the) rapist
liiltl a pornographic book in l\l5~. back
pocket," stitd (Inrntno,

Pornography is "harmless ll handled by
adults capable of handlan it." he added.
l'lowuver. Crttrtltto believes that the mcdlit
coverage of the controversy surrounding
.tdult bookstores is highly overblown andj

     
   

distorted.

"We're trying to keep It out of the public
view," Camlno said. “Tire district attorney
(Poersch) creates a larger problem than ac—
tually exists, and the press plays along with it
. . . The district attorney wants to get his
name in the paper . . . They don't put
anything in the paper when the bookstores
win."

Camlno accused Poersch of allowing
photographers “to bust in (adult bookstores).
and take photos witltout permission. They‘re
doing it with the district attorney and the aid

‘ of the police."

The pornography issue Is not likely to be
resolved in the near future.

For Camlno, the issue involves the princi-
ple of free enterprise. For others, the issue is
one of community standards and ethics.

"Pornography and prostitution-have been
here since the days of tire-first man and
woman on earth," said Greenberg. “The oh-

i

jecttve Is to contain it."
1

A

 

 

 

 

 

