l5

 

R‘kg' 'mg...

Wrﬁcﬁ‘c‘

5-.

 

.531;

‘W.’—.» .- .. 4... ‘

:L.__~h H

www.- ml,

or ,4;

 

1-1-1—1—1—1-1
Edel-letter from ed.

coreetly .

would you a) be happy.
ole days", or d)
do you know gourd?

you like it here? “lava;

hurt at all?

male? ﬁre you "other"?

browning in. . .queutione?

have a full deck.

 

Sllle Unlverllly of New York ai Albany ' Campus Ce

1' know what my tool: is

change? Jill you ever write your masterpiecer
If you put out that cigarette, put down that drink, get
eight hours of sleep per night, spend three
library, go to ull of your cluueco, ntnrp outing right. stop
getting nervous und upset over littlH-uhlt things. at
feeding an ulcer, and ulwugc look
o) be eonLcnt, c)

Do you feel no if you need

"T Jometimeu? .

do you ever get so wrapped up in dour OWn confusion thut gou

don't know gour nus from your elbow? nre Jou ever do hnppd

that you feel you must org?
Do you nlwngo hurt the one

do you find that oometlmeu 5ou don't
thing which is vitallj importunt for u L,rr.de,
to talk to :Jomeono or part; J'our brains out?
are you normal? Are you abnormal? .u-n you

I apologize for creating more for Jou if that's the on"
out everyone hnu to be able to dCdl somehow.
it was easy. out sometimes i Winh it were moreuo.
above water? do Jou ever uiuh you
were a child agein-—With a band aid on your forehead und 3
pair of skinned knees? Jometimes yes, mootlj no for me. I
find that the pains cured through discussion or
than the pains cured with buctine. I just wish there neren
5 your turn to deal, make sure you

Gun you keep Jour heed

do many eometimee. .Ihen it‘

  
   
           

nlor 329 ' 1400 Wnsnl

(513) 451-5992
j

.Iell. it's beef: time again. ‘l‘hoee nnxiety provoking exams
are Just around the corner. They just neem to sneak u
emmetimeo, don't they? u‘ull, lets just see if you've been
studying the proper material. and if

110 you know the rules in the game of life':
Answers? (on, no, mug/be. I've been fl: dint, more and more
lutely that life is a roller coaster ride
stops along the we; thnt ocenieonullJ it becomes difficult to
keep truck. Do you fool eonmtimec like you're drowning;

Loado and loads of cliches. Such is life. know what I meen‘.‘

;/ MSPECTIW

p on you
you've been studying it
like. I have it right in from; of

me. I wonder if it'll eimilnr to yours. Lets. see.

Do you like your life? Can you find relellse? ..'i‘ll you ever

hours :1 dllJ in the

op _
:.l; the "bright side of lll‘c,"
lent, for the "need

be driven right up the Will? 1 knoxl my :-nc.~er-—

a oreuk l‘rom :Ill 0! thiu'; .10

,cu love, the one ,ou shouldn't

wont to work on come-
but instead wnnt

mnlo? urn jou fen
.vith no mnna' varying.

0' nhnlou one

  

.0 one CVOI' :34

e more prof! tu..Le
'1.

WWW 1, 1931.

  
   

CI'  Ed. 2.
So It Goes . 2.
Hot Lick- And llllc'torle 3.
My Witch - 3 a
World Report 3a
Peucbooll And “fondue-in h

“I Want To Play Gena” 5a

Sound 8a
Vision ' 9a
The Attendant H 10:
Poetry And Fun Stuff 1 la
Diversions 1 2a

' Adopt A -
Soviet Child!

  

1'th in Anya.

An Will never U| Dim: lnnd She'll
mam I I’llnfl’llufl. She’ll be Iuckg if
‘ dill: -i’nru sha'n HIV VI ?
1"! Betqu All‘lll Run-inn. Dayan llunlu :
rrud Ihln. our kid: on probably Milled
mall in l a den. wnuhin Giflllun l I-
IanlAnyn in ullllng ll. lhe “than ubla of
her pimnu‘ tiny Ipnnm-nl m Unmarnd.
slur-lying phyuu

'nu run hr
Adopt Any: or um! of lhnuundn like her.

51nd n «mil-d did In! 5115.0an "Bl" 0m
WM KMI.“ P 0 [int ALCumAm. NJ

Yuu rnn lurn lhe pole if you wunl . ..
nr p In!

 

 

 

 

W09 Eat Dog

As the July sun sellled on lhe great
melropolls. Snuffy Kaynine loped wearlly lo
lhe red Bobcat wallan In lhe sea of autos.

“It's a man's lIfe. . .a man's life." he mul-
Iered. Snuffy drove lhe lwenly-lwo mIles In-
lo suburbia. and habllually counled lhe
lhIrIy-four fire hydranls along lhe way. Hls
mInd chewed al lhe recounled lrlals o( lhe
day. as he gave a nervous shudder.

“Dammlll Why don't lhose lwo-In-one
collars for humans sell? . . . Georgle has
one. no sIgn of exzema or psorlasls In lwo
monlhs . . . why don'l lhey sell? . . . Yech!
New shIpmenl of bables wallowing ln lheIr
own shll. Knew I shouldn'l'have lrled lo sell
pure bred polIlIcIans . . . ‘Snuffy's Human
Emporlum.‘ Hmm, nlce name — wish I,
could lum ll Into a gold mlne  . ah.

rawhide on lhe lable every nlghl. nIce lough
fatty steak now and then . . . Oh well. home
sweet home. At leasl l'm treated lIke a Great
Dane here." .

1 He greeted hls wife Fe-Fe wllh a warm lIck
on lhe snout. WIlhered,‘ Snuffy loosened
hls choke collar and collapsed wllh a whine
Inlo hls wIcker chalr.

"Tough day. Dear? Here. Have a Kaluah
and mIlk bone. l )usl made II when I heard
you pull In." Apron wrapped. Fe-Fe loved
nolhlng more lhan lo caler'lo her husband's
every whlm. “Georgle. gel Daddy hls‘sllp-
pers." WIlh a grunl of obedience. lhe famlly
pel bounced on hands and knees info the
modest bedroom. lush wagglng merrlly. V

“What's for dInner lonlghl. my link: cheese
and egg ple?" questioned Snuffy affec-
llanalely.

“We‘ll have to have le'flover bone meal
again. Snuffy.” Fe-Fe lowered her head.
"You know, Dear. lhe human rbally Is qulle
an expense. Maybe we should consider . . .
uh . . . sellan hlm. Jusl to make ends
meel." As lhough Georgie. a dumb human.
could almost undersland. he came lumber~
Ing from lhe bedroom. He lel hls masler's
sllppers fell lo lhe ground. and gave Snuffy's

 

paw a lovIng kiss. _

“SELL?! Sell. you say? Dog's besl frIend?
The besl human on lhe block? And you say
sell? Georgia is from champlon game-show-
hosl lineage. and l wouldn'l —- "

“Okay. okay. I only lhoughl lhal maybe:

Snuffy ruthlessly continued hls llrade.‘

“Well. bilches weren't meanl lo lhInk. From
now on you leave lhe lhlnklng lo me.
bought lhls human for a reason. and l Inlend
lo go Ihrough wllh my plans."

"Lel's face It. Snuffy. Georgle Is almosl
eIghleen years old. and. well. Il seems like
he's not even Inleresled In girls." admllled
Fe-Fe shyly.

“Fe-Fe. l'm pulling an ad ln lhe paper flrsl
lhlng tomorrow. Georgle Is offlclally ‘al slud.‘
He'll male only wllh lhe flnesl game-show-
hosl female around. And. Jusl you walch,
Georgle's babies wlll sell for a forlune."

Snuffy looked down lo see Georgle al-
lempllng lo speak. A bad habll he must have
acquired In lhe kennel.

“Gerrrlsss.” Georgle lhroallly spewed.
Snuffy whomped him firmly on lhe nose.-lo
correcl lhe poor behavior. The master look-
ed al hls walch and reallzed ll was long pasl
Georgle's dinner hour. and fed hIm abowlful
of lhe usual dried celery slalks.

"Damn. lhls sluff Is gelllng'expenslve." as
Snuffy examlned lhe price on the lwenly-flve
pound econom'y bag. “You'll show the
world. Georgle .  you'll show ‘em. Your
infants will pul meal on my lable every nlghl.
Who knows? Then maybe Fe-Fe and I can
have lhe puppy we've been dreaming
aboul." Snuffy daydreomcd oplImIslIcally.

lhal nlghl. when Georgie was locked in
the slalr well. he secreily lrled lo Imllole wh l
henhad heard hls masler's wae say. a
Gemuls? ~Gerrrullszz?" The door flew
open. Snuffy's ,sllhouelle loomed In If -
doorway. laIl draggan llsllessly. ‘ u

"Shul lhe hell up. Man." And he pounded

gﬁoﬁleg head Wllh a POWEYlUl flghl PaW~ "Mr. Kaynlne? l'm Madame Mnlcm l‘m
up:Q|:::: bP'iPF‘Wd dhlfmself down In lhe no amaleur. ya undersland, This u my
slumber .‘ 55 e a" 9" W0 5' saddenEd :Du'slnaiss. No pussy-foolln' around huw' Ila
- la." Ilh lhls greal guffaw. she doubled um
adtrﬁtzllszl’ngullnmblng. Snulfy placed an and losl her cigar. “l gel 3 million of ‘-'m
V “of' Hal" She slapped'Snuffy on his form lw‘k
MALE HUMAN IMMEDIATELY AT wllh her black calloused paw pads, "()11 \u‘ll.
STUD. CHAMPIONSHIP GAME SHOW follow me, and we’ll gel on wllh il.-"
H051- LINEAGE' INTELLIGENT OBE_ "Ha. yeah." Snuffy followed suil mm .1
DIENT. GOOD SKIN. weak chuckle. as they paced damn .I ml-
rIdor, then Inlo a room marked "Prlvnll’ "
Shortly thereafter. lhe dilly was respond- "You mean- we're 90mg '0 "l’”“""’
ed loby a gruff bulldog_ Madame Malem‘ them?" Snuffy queslloned in disbelief
Fe-Fe dropped lhe crude flber she.was "YUP- And. lhTOUQh lhls IWO Wuv 'IIIII‘"
preparing Inlo Wesson OH in order I0 answer We can walChv bUl'lheV'll "CWT l‘nW’ M‘“
lheuphon'e. ' fun for everyone. Ha hal Move it,"
"Yes? H “Yeah, ha." ' '
na"Heller;| boomed a husky voice. "My Genrgle enlered lhe ring lhmugh .l wk-
9  adame Malem. Paper says you've porlal. Already In lhe sterile while mum Win
Solra man al stud?" ‘ r a blonde halred blue-eyed (unmislnknhlv d
knegﬂi‘fcongol her excnememl a; She game show hosl) woman. prowling swlm
hUSband Fem;c lhls would mean to her lively. Georgle lel oul a gulleml uv.
“Oh — D.h Y. e slwmered Incompelenlly' GERRRRULLLLZZZ?!" He then llruppl'll
She was 'r- In 5195- hy f why, yes we do." hls head. crlnged hls shouldcn. lnul
bandhw ilrlls‘inpldlo think; lust as he, hug. shivered wllh frlghl in a cold corner
takes care 0‘ ‘hce her. Bul.Imy husband What lhe hell‘s lhe meaning. of IIm’”
much wnh him eAEnialler. You (1 best gel In Qluwled lhe Madame. “Why I ouglIl-l "
"0' course _l._h I}: fIVE. of cci‘urse." l — ldon'l know. Now if I could (ml lulu:
snuﬂy exu-be anls. Sweely. my human. I'll be on my " Smlffl,l lllwll‘ll
wllh lhe bulld ran”; made arrangemems (or..th door‘
They Wuuld.m:§ a” he? prized Woman, This Is gonna cosl you. Pol." Mmlmm'
me woman womjzgous on Salurday. when Malem bellowed after him. Bul Snuffv WM
Snu" 1nd C )  “pllmdlly In heaL already llalfwey down lhe hull. m Ilw wlll“!
V ‘ ’U’I'Ellu drove In In Madamc end of whlch was lhe indifferent \I‘lllIlI“I

Malem's b
(38 .
gmm'mmrr dllng ground Inlhe heart of the holding the sulking human Iumlv on lip
. n .
rear windshlefo female curled “P on lhe leash. bnuffy grabbed if. and (limlnvl wlll llm
( I . g I
L (.10. as he always llked In (1001' In uller embmmssmcnl wnh lw- Ill-W

redbllckbulldlnéYi13nr115'JIumnn mln (he Disappointed. and (IL-jump, 5mm” MW.

I” he \UilS nllendedln A“: l’lllleluyer u”. ed lhe human. “You blew H. mm“...

PHI In V ll whlle lnlic; al 'my‘umalc wlllp- you had a promising fulure Now. wlll

through a side I J yanked Georgia lulure rem on my dinner lulill' ()h w”.
(mm Just men' "‘0 l‘QaVvSUI masmd human can liasl fln wm-lln sll'wl

bulldo . _ .

mlumagngrclzllled llle unxlous bnuffy‘ who moat. gm, , v r so “mam” ‘ “I...” l...
ll 1 I "(Me’th ms humﬂn's reins (c, freezan . . . Ah Il's a nmn's lulu. a mall"-
lL w 11pm" ' llfe ” V O

A, dyﬁtiﬁxi-l-c

 

 

 

lMay 1, 1981

World ReportlHubert-Kenneth Dickey

sapphire Bullets at" Pure Love I

Drunk deep of Immortality. I am lhe root
and boughs o] a leemlng oosl. My form I
have known. and reallzed; The Supreme
and lore one-all we outlasl.

Srl Chlnmoy

l hIl-lhe slreels (for Il's Frlday nighl) know-
Ing lhal for me at leasl. there Earp loo many
lhlngs oul "there." l‘m nol golng to waste
any llme crylng about not hovlng any one of
lhem. ll's lime lo slarl dolng and slop lalklng.
Acllon speaks louder lhan words. my friend.

ll's raInIng oulslde and for one small mo-
menl l slarl lo lhlnk ralny lhoughls. Mary.
however. will have none of lhal lhls nlghl.
Bul l'm gelling a lIIlle ahead of myself here.
She's not golng to be home unlll much laler
In lhe evenlng.

I would be r'emlss If I revealed Mary's real
name bul l'm always remlss when it comes lo
Mary. She doesn'l mInd though. ll seems l'm
lhe man she wanls (al leasl for Ionlghll. ' ‘

Gelllng back to lhe slory l was lelllng you
earller ls hard, I've forgollen now what Il ls l
was dolngpr carlng Io do.

I do remember slepplng al lhe Slale Slreel
Pub (I needed change for smokes and a
phone call). 1 see someone I know and slop
and chal for a whlle. We each have‘a cbuple
of drinks. As usual. he has Women pro-
blems. For once l'm delermlned merely to
llslen. Lel hIm Ialk If he wanls l0. Besides.
lhe guy of lhe bar has a nlce ass.

Item and fucked my friend; why Is he tell-
Ing lhls. Like most slralghl men. I've known
seine gay men and women. Wondering all
the whlle whether or nnl l'm gay myself. This
evenlng. however. l'm nol in lhe mood for a
man In make a pass al me.

I decide al lhls point In leave before
anyone's feellngs gel hurt. The whole IhIng
could be real or jusl a producl of my sexual
fears. Tonlghl. l'm nol overly curlous as Io
where lhe lrulh has (as for lomnrrow who
knows).

Leavlng lhere l lake lhe Willlel mule. 1
look al lhe bulldlngs I am passing by. lrylng
lo Imaglnelhe lIves (I should Say lhe SIOIleS

‘behind lhose lIves) InsIde of each huIIdIng. I

reach lhe corner of Madison find New
Scolland and decide In check Ralph's and
Harpn's for any famllar faces. Finding none I
lake my leave uf both places.

The slalue of Moses calls out In me lo slop
by for a lale nighl rap. I turn Inlo Washlngtun
Park and as I reach lhe base of lhe slalue.
Moses calls out again (lhls lime I see why).
For sill'lng Il‘lere brighl as day Is Mary. Slu-

David Brooks

 

has long black hair and brown eyes and IIps
lhal Iasle. . . (well lels Jusl say. she's all rlghl by
me).We look at each other for a few slrange
and lense moments. I slarl lo speak and she
slarls to laugh. lbegln lo laugh also. noI_real-
Iy knowing why she ls laughing. bul reallzing
lhal l'm fIndIng lhls all loo much lo handle. I
could run and leave her Io Moses and his
deslres. bul-he Is not going for lhal one. ll's
all so much to deal wllh. By now. Mary has

_made up her Fnln‘d what "we" are golng le be

'dolng lhls evenlng. l'm really In no posIlIon
lo argue wllh her. so I go along for lhe rIde.

A lhunderblrd from heaven descends and
lakes us lo CIne- 1-2-3-4-5-6. Il's Frlday
nlghl. and llme for lhe Rocky Horror Piclure
Show. I (all he! lhal l'm.a vlrgIn. She smlles
and says lhal I should just 5“ back. she'll do
all lhe "work." Al lhls polnl. l begln lo
wonder whether or not she's referring Io lhe
ﬁlm or me. I don'l 'gel loo much lime lo
worry about lhls lhough. because as soon as
lhe movle slarls she lakes "mailers" Inlo
hand. -4

l begln lo enjoy rather lhan wonder at lhls
poInl (why flghl a good lhlng).l mean she ls
lhe love of my lIfe So I'm nol being unfallhful.
l'm just renewing an old frlendshlp. Yel.
when l awake from lhls. I feel compelled lo
.call my presenl love. $he's busy now, says
she'll see me loler (nof-al lhls role I say lo
myself). '

Forlunalely for me. lhere I5 Mary. lying
nexl lo me to ease my lioublcd mind. Maybe
Mary really Is lhe one for me? (Considering
lhe responsés of lhe last two clays. who
knows?) «

Quickly lhe pasl. presenl and lhe future
leave and are replaced by lhe lhoughl lhal
love was about Io pul me on hold. and lhenl
meel Mary. l'm at peace for now (ll least. the
woman lhal l'm wllh really Is lhe only impor-
lanl one. The one who loves wllh ocliun and
no! words or silly games Is lhe one i wnnl to
sleep wllh.

Mary Is her name and pleasure Is her

game; bul before you mlsundersland she's 

lhe wlnd blow lhmugh lhe hair of every
woman I may ever hope In have or In hold.
Really she's not human. she comes from lhe
planel of Love In a galaxy fanfar away. .
She Is drawn lo lhls planel by my cry lo
lhe heavens for relief from lhe lack of lruu af-
fecllmi. Mary comes lu enrlh heedlng only
llw call of love (whlch finds Ils home In her
hearl). She never gives herself lhe lime to
feel lhal she doesn'l need any man. while
quietly making sure her man never needs

My Watch

My walch cllcks off each passing second
by Ihirds wllh painfully repelllluus steps. The
second hand passes over all llll.‘ numbers
Willi a sposllc. mechanical mnllun like a
lonely soldier on an enlva pzimde field. In-
cvllnbly. ilS wllh any soldier. lhe cnnslanl
repellllnns become too much In bear and. (IS
lhe munth click by. lus preCIslon may be off
AI firsl il Is imperceplablv sliqu bul soon iI
becomes hazardous lu lrusl his judgmenl.
Afler his feull has been discovered he will be
re-educaled and will again click off lime with
his mechanical march

My walch l5 slowly bul surely growing old.
The once lure Impreclsions in his abilities nre
nccunlng Wllll grualel frequency Soon.
regrellullv. I will be forced In replace him
wllh o newer. more occulnle recrull. The old
rallied walch will lllen sll In my lop dresser
drawer. cullecllng n lllllc dust while he relives
hls fondesl memories Unused iimlflngollun
llL’ wlll age and corrode unlll lil.‘ can funcllpn
Ill) more.

My new walch will probably be a (llgllal
(me wnh on unblemished melal casing. bold
and clear numbers on lls face and a loud.
shrill alarm thch sounds of revellle. The
newer model will be much more accurllle
lhan my old walch. His precision wlll vary
only slightly over lhe course of a monlh and
perhaps he wlll lose as much accuracy In lhe
course of a full year as my older walch did In

 

one mnnlh.

l may come In lrusl llie judgmenl of my
walch Sn much lhal I will lorgel ll ls llieru and
lnsc lunch will: ll. No longer will I have In
worry nbnul reselling ils dial ()r winding lls
spring. ln lilCl. the only real care I need In
provide is lhe vcmly change of its ballery. II
will cerlninly be a joy nul lo be a conslanl nlv
lendum and slave to my Which.

The danger in this ls I may come In lrusl
my new soldier Ion much. Since l have In
adminisler such llllle care and re-educallon

- In him I mighl feel overcnnfidenl and uhlaln

false securily Then one day. when liming
may be crucial. my "reliable" new soldier
could fail me. ll Won't be his laull. The blame
will resl solely on me because l failed In
walch over my new soldier end sci lilm
straight when he losl hls direcllon.

Perhaps my anger and disappnimmenl
will be so Intense lhal l wIll begin In search
fur a replncemenl. My old walch wIll come In
mind bul. In my dlsmay. I will find lhal my
old relired walch wasled away needlessly. I
will lhen mosl surely Search for an old
timepiece. similar In my lIrsl walch. bul In
good working order. He wlll nol he qulle as
complex and precise nor as unscralched as
lhe thny new dlgllal model bul he will be a
well cared for and apprecloled companlon
who wIlI never fall me as long as I never

neglecl hlm.

   

 

.  V 1 I "" ’ 

any “other” woman. She Is for from perfect.
yel she Is as real. as real can ever gel.

I wonder. when do we. wIlhoul meanlng
Io. slep Inlo plclures lhal are already drawn.
Landscapes full of mosaics. full of Impres-
sionism. drawn as llghl as ropes slrung oul
over our le5 of Illusions. Are we llllle crawl-
Ing Insecls. who seek refuge In lhe grolns of
our decaying genllals? Are we slIll Irapped In
the belief lhal exlslence precludes paln?

Many a leer wlll have lo fall before Rox-
anne can overcome her redllghl fears. Too
many Johns. BIlls or Toms have passed her
by. So for now I musl lake my comfort wllh
Mary.

Every day I ask myself nol in be concern-
ed wllh lhe lhIngs she does. I know for lhe
mosl pan lhal lhey (lhe things she docs) are
merely poInls of anxlely. Each slalloned
before. during and aller every second of
each and every painful day she's alive.

I've come across cerlaln Informallun lhal
leads me lo believe lhal all Is nol well In lhe
klngdom. A log. a mlsl. a pea-souper of
mlsery and doubl surrounds lhe llves nf
Albany Stale. Each one seemlngly a spcclnl
slice of lhe lwillghl zone (revlslled each
semesler). The chlldren of grace appear to
be anything bul calm aboul llielr exlslence.
The quIel lurmoll of my closesl assoclales ls
lhrealenlng lhe overall peace of lhe nalllm.
l'm far from feeling plly. lhough. lf p'Ily were
ever Ihe-“rlghl” lhIng lo feel (and It never ls).

l have losl hopelessly In myself. and I find
no need In feel at all.

Dmi'l waste your mInd frying lo reach. In
leach or In much. Jusl look for as “many” as
you can afford lo deal wllh. One. mun! lhan
one. il doesn'l really maller. Iusl as long as
lhe groove fils (wear ll).

We are only ships ol sea passlng by Ilie
shoreline on lhe way in dlslanl ports of call.

   

"Once you've lraversed from pulnl A in
polnl B. are you sIIll you?" Alberl asked me
wllh gravily. “The earth mlales on nu axls.
lhls we know. Day Is assumed Inlo nlghl. In is
lwenIv-fuur hour block. we've recelved illHl
nsslmilnled nn inflliile amnunl of Informa-
inn..."

I checked my leudency In shuw lmpw
llcnce, "Sn what's your pninl?"

"The point is. old Spurl, can we be (‘L'rlillll
that in five minules you wlll be lhe Silllll' pm
sun? Or I. for lhal maller?" I had hoped fm-
llvely llml lie wuuld. in lhe laller case. be

prlivun ClirrL‘Cl.

“ .here was a man once named Roderick
Blue." Alberl began. “He was a strapping
Chin Guml-lunking. lliirly-flve years old.
Roderick had been In high spirits uplm hem-
Ing lhal lns bmlller. Wesley and his wife had
decided In llilllli.’ llluir newborn son afler
him, There was In be a small Iumn~
chrislening ceremony ul lhe Church. lullnw-
ed by an even smaller recepllun al his
brother's llnme. Rndevick's presence was. of
course. all bul mandated.

“Roderick had told Wesley earlier lhal he
Would be detained for a short while afler lhe
nlmn Chrislcning nnd Would lherefore be
lnle fur lhe recepliun, Al 2 p.m.. Roderick
appeared ul Wesley's home. He walked up
In lhe ubsidlan door llinl was flanked by lvlln
lunlc columns and banged lhe clrcular door
knucker three limes Roderick was allowed
in by Wesley's wife. Elisha. He noted lhe
sound of lhe drmr closing belling lilm.

“ ‘Good news. Roderlck.’ Wesley shouled
wllh salulnry gestures. 'The baby looks Iusl
like you.‘ Roderick smlled and sol on lheIr
sofa. Elisha smiled and said:

“ ‘Only a mailer of lime, Rod. before he has
a head of lhlck. brown halr.' Self-
cnnscInusly. Roderlck rubbed a hand
through hls wavy. auburn halr lhal was
heglnnlng l0 lhIn ill lhe forehead Inlo a
wIdow's peak. He Iusl nollced the plane
sonala IssuIng from lhe rodln's speaker.
Ellsha broughl In from lhe kllchen a tray of
cups and a mug of lea and pul lhem on lhe

That's lusl lhe way Il Is (no media bIlch
about It). Encounler lakes place where ll
musl. Physlcal conlacl ls'nol alwayslhe end
we should seek. ll ls nol wise lo allow all ex-
perlences lo come our way. We sellle for
nolhlng of lesser quallly by so doing (so
whal's lhe dlf).

On and on we go. Merrily so. aboul our
business sIngIng songs of fear and aanely.
Slop me. bul am | belng unkind? There Is
some reason lo smile. We heard all about
love (at leasl lhe way Il ls supposed lo be).
bul whal should we do wllh hole? Desplle Ils
unwelcome presence. ll (hale) Is stIll here.
Wllhoul our consenl Il Is empoweran our
day-lo-day affaIrs more lhan love ever has.

The open wlndow of yeslerday lths us
a curve when we lry lo remember. I flnd or
lose. Il's all lhe same now. l'm nol necessarily
lhe person you always lhoughl l was. The
brlglil lIghls always bllnd lhe minds Il holds
prlsonel'. -

Wllllnul lhe fanfare of lrulh how do we
lake ourselves for lhe fools we seem 55 will-
ing in play? Never slopplng lhe merry-go-
mund nf senseless lies lhal e'nlrap. enslave
or embiller. Where does Il all slop? Before
lhe 'nll or aflor? No use In crylng againsl lhe
darkness (madness I should say) just a short
window In lIme wIlhoul any space. A projec-
llon upon a silverscreen. we are forced lo
live wllh forever, l'm not giving up (excepl
purlu‘ips on you).

Sleep well. my prelly one. no one wlll
pass you over In harm's way. Come mornlng
llinugh lhe street wlll be flghllng to see you
again. So much of whm we wanted Is nul lo
he had. Someday Ihc dreams musl come
true. Unlil then. my swcel child of virlue. resl
In peace (lllough somedays' you would
ralllcr be In hell). .

A Troublea G"

lable before Roderick. _

" ‘Where did everyone else go?’ Inqulred
Roderick. looking around.

“50] and Deidre had a long way lo drive.
They have ln be back In New York by
lonlglll.' Wesley explained. ‘Mum and Dad
mullln'l mnke il, Dad's back...‘ Roderick
lullle down nl the carpal and sold nulhlng.
The gmmllnlhex clock In lhe hall near lhe
slairwav Inlll-(l lliree limes. Was il 3:00
already? Roderick picked up a fIIled lea cup
before him illlll raised II In his lips. lhe rlm of
lhe l'np obscuring his vision somewhal.
“The old man wllh lhe wispy while hair pul
lhe cup LanIl ml the lahle and perused his
surroundings The snfa's color had faded.
He was nlnne. There was no piano sonala In
be heard. only a shrill hiss from lhe oulslde.
The grandfather clock kept llme In the hall."

Albert wore a complacenl smile.

"Well?"

"Well. lhe lime had passed. shall we say.
normally. nnly Rnderlck's percepllon of II
had changed He was now a 70 year-old
man. As he sol dawn on lhe sofa. wars were
begun and concluded In dlslonl lands.
revulullons fouglll and lusl. As he brushed
back his bob. .1 generallon of people were
born, suffered. loved — some dIed. As lhe
lea was being served. lhe consclousness of
an UlllllC plémel moved forward a quanlum
crawl. As lhe grandfather clock lolled thrice.
lhe brealh nf mIlllons was consumed by the

vastness of space. Tlial day. of 3:15. a.

35-yeamlld man wllh Ihick. auburn hair
named Roderick Blue opened lhe obsldian
door of his home and walked pasl lhe lonlc-
cnlumned entrance Inlo lhe slreel. They say
he was lhe spilling Image of hls uncle."

Albert fashloned hls clgarelle smoke lnlo‘

rIngs and smlled. He was reflecllve.

“ ‘DIslance.’ in quote Goelhe. 'does not,

make you faller. (bul) lo dle and so lo grow.
you are only a lroubled guesl on lhe dark
earih.' " '-

“Well. old sporl." said Albert. “we are al
polnl B so lo speak. I‘ve ﬁnished my slory.
Are we the same?" 0

   

.-‘_" ski-Rams? o. ,

"r? are.  A

    
 
  
   

’ i... c:

 

" up. ..:w..- .

 

 

 

 

 

