l
l
l
i

 

 

 

 

.-. w__v WWW «a

i
i

 

  
 

 

 

A : genuine ..

‘- ' Ms...h 31, 1981'

 

merica has grown up. Were this
ﬂ 1946. The Postman Always Rings
. Twice would be a superb film. lm
case you missed the adjective it was 'superb.’
However this is 1981. and in 1981, finally,
America no longer needs to be told that life
isn't always fair. Long years of unemploy-
ment. inflation. racial tension. Increasing
violent crime. moral intolerance. etc.. etc..

Mark Mur‘a‘tore'

has put a street wise cynicism into the minds
of most Americans. Cynics don't need to be

 

 

told in blunt terms that life is often cruel. and
late whimsical. that is a foregone conclusion.
The Postman Always Rings Twice is a
throwback to the days of Humphrey Bogart
and lda Lupino. ii is raw. it is intense. it Is at
times riveting, it is extremely well crafted. but
its message is redundant and the audience
simply stares at the screen thinking ‘so what .'
Had the talent and'energy used to put this
adgption oi thetdamesgain naval-on the
Mn been applieWﬁ-hgmbfmeck
then America's stagnant mo'vie‘”industry

mum

  

 Doesn ’t

would have achieved a shining moment. in-
stead. the audience is treated to the spec-

. tacle of a brilliantly made film that leaves it
completely unsatisfied.

Postman has virtues despite the fact that it
is a disappointment. First, there is the direc-
tion of Bob Rafelson. Ralelson. who directed
Five Easy Pieces. has a remarkable talent for
shooting pictures. His direction is capable at
all times. and occasionally reaches brilliance.
The Postman Always Rings Twice is a
microcosm of the Depression. and Ruteison
catches it perfectly. The sense of frustration

and despair that is associated with America ,

. in the 1930‘s is omnipresent in every scene
of this movie. it is a period piece and the
detail ls meticulous (there is one scene where
a car ls filled with $1.44 In gasoline . . . the
audience laughs heartily at this
demonstrating how out of place this movie
really is in '1981. it seems that we no longer
have any feeling of sympathy for the plights
of our nation 50 years ago. we are so caught
up In our own despair.)

Rafeison's finest touches occur when his
camera is lustfully following Jessica Lange.
Lange is unquestionably the finest 'compo-
nent of the film. Her performance is positive-
ly electric. recalling the major silver screen
performers of earlier decades (The Lupinos.
Hepburns. DeHavillands. et al.).

Jessica Lange. with this performance. has
wiped out completely the memory of her
role in Ditto DeLaurentis'. King Kong. and
established her as a maior motion picture
presence. Her portrayal of Cora Papadakls is
one of the most sensual and powerful perfor—

mancesl have ever seen in a motion picture.

Cora is a hard-nosed product of the Depres-

sion. stuck in a marriage of convenience.

who enters into a lusty affair. to escape the

realities around her. Without ever bearing a

breast on the screen. she has approached

the raw animal quality of passionate sex. Not
only is Lange sexually electrifying. but she
alone captures the feeling of the ignorant

poor who go through life being trod upon at
every turn. and don't understand why. She
looks up at one moment in the picture and
"Frank. I'm tired of what’s right and

says
and the audience reaches

what's wrong."
out to her. .

Jack Nicholson. who plays Frank
Chamber (Cora's lover). has reached a turn-
ing point In his career. Sadly. It seems that
Nicholson's fine performances are behind
him. and he is now struggling to capture
some oi the craft he once mastered.
Nicholson has 4 scenes'in Postman which
recall the finest work of his distinguished

  

. ‘ t . ' ". ' ‘» l '
Jessica Lan e amokesbut is Nicholson burnt out?
career. Unfortunately lie is in in ty more message ol this. eamy and pnsstonniu out...

than 4 scenes. and for most ofthe film he is a
hollow. worn out performer. Perhaps it is
not entirely Nicholson's fault, After all Lange
is so brilliant (though it is early in the. 1981
film season. Lange is surely going to receive
an academy award nominatinn._and it will
take a major performance to take the Best
Actress award from her). and Nicholson is
playing a part that most people can easily en-
vision Humphrey Bogart. or James Cagney
in. As a last comment on the acting in

 
 

Deliver

Postman l wduld like to mention the outstan.
ding supporting performance of MlClinel
Lerner as attorney Katz. He may aim mm
an academy nomination next year.

The Postman Always Rings Twice is a ma-
ior motion picture. and i recommend it
highly. The film itself Is a piece of beauty
some of the performances outstanding. and
the realism riveting. However, as W“ “H,
viewing this movie you will probably luv] him
you are missing the point somehow You on.-
not. the point has been made so often in so
many mediums. that you are deseltsiil/ud to
it. ‘Life makes no sense' is the essential

. w .

   

 

but we already feel this to he trtiv ll i~ mt,
sincere hope that Rafelson Iiiiiltt' month“.
film soon. and that it star Jessica l..uiii«', onit
next time l hope that Rafulson mn Inn: his
enormous talent to the task of l'i‘\'iltil‘.'ii|ii lln'
American film industry. rather than tlitillti

remakes of old genres. The l'|.'\'llillli'tlll‘lli of
an industry is a tall order. but link-hook.
work on Postman suggests that Int may he .t
force that can help accomplish lli'V Iiiililt'
task. '

Hummenschanz Deserves A Close-up View

t was a little over a year ago that
jMurnmenschanz first appeared in
this area at the Proctor's Theater in
Schenectady. With that in mind. it was ques-

tionable whether or not Friday evening's
show at the Palace Theater in downtown

Kathy Kissane

Albany would sell as well as that two day run
in Schenectady last year. it appears that the
producers of Mummensclranz have little to
worry about when it comes to audience ap-
peal in this area. and i would imagine they
have little trouble elsewhere. Friday night
they performed to a full house in Albany's
historic Palace Theater. i don't know exactly
how many that house seats. but l'd estimate
around 2.500. '

A friend and I arrived early. picked up'our
tickets with a minimum of confusion (no
press kit. which i thought was not nice). and
found we were relegated to the second
balcony. Now there are actually no "bad"
seats in the Palace. some are lust farther
away than others. With a concert it doesn't
matter. but with a show of Mummenschanz'
nature. it does.

The show began a little late. which with a
crowd of that size is to be expected. The first

 

 

half was pure magic. Even from where we
were sitting that was obvious. Sheer im-
aginalion mingled with the cleverness of the
performers inside those costumes delighted
child and adult alike. Everyone was en.
chanted. Broken up into 19 short scenes.
the first half of the program traced man's
evolution from inanimate blob to homo sa-
picn. Each form hrd a personality all it's

 

own. yet each one related in that grand
master plan of evolution. Some delighted
more than others. and my favorite was the
green clam (indicative of man's evolution
from the seal. What was evident throughout.
to all stages of development that we were
shoer was the constant struggle of'each life
form to survive in a sometimes unsym:
pathetic world. Either funny or sad. every

  

 

Cred

 

 

by Islam

 

WHAT‘S URI-1010?

  

 

 

 

DID YOU HEAR ABOUT
THE LATBS
m KE  TUtTtoN

    

"~ ). qr.‘

 

You MEAN LAST wicks:

Anem- n...

N0 .ntts week‘s.



“,4,”

    

 

 

 

\_3-

 

 

 

 

scene gave us poignant glintpsm. oi wilt tii~
tant relatives.

The second part of the prognnn M» a
minor disappointment. From our tuninqv
point it was difficult. if not impossrhlu to w
all the subtleties of the mime being mm M1
on stage. The first half was mostly dour ill
full body costumes and highlightmi iin'
acrobatic abilities of the pklilin‘llit't‘i Iiw m
cond half relied heavily on masks rilitl iii.iliI’
so it was important to be .1th In .W row
detail. it was a continuation oi lln' vtoinm i.
process. but concentrated on man's ruiniu in

‘ship with himself; his interpt-mmnl mm

munications. There were some |iit'iii.‘ in
teresting things going on. and Huiiii‘ Itillitl
complex looking masks that i Would Imw iii.
Cd to have seen from a closer view Winn ii
essentially boils down to in the and. i“ that
man. who holds himself in such high nstuvin
as the most intelligent being in his Wurltl, n
not really very far from his distant relation» in
his behavior. ironically. we're brought boil.
around to the beginning at the and

All of the scenes were performed by oult‘
three actors - it's a lot of work wlwn you
think about it. The costumes of the fitHl lit"I
were Elaborate creations. and to wu litr\“
these actors were able to work in than: nut»
indeed amazing. Their control and timing
were magnificent. You could almost llL‘tii tln‘
audience holding their breath. as snow of tln'
creatures were precariously perched on tho
Edge of the platform from which they wink
ed. and the clearly audible sound of u'lu'f at
its recovered equilibrium.

if It ever comes to Albany again. or W”

ever have the opportunity to see If
somewhere elSe. by all means do so. This
advice comes from a reformed stout stoic oi
Mummenschanz. who after seeing it and u»
periencing it first hand can't wait for the Hi"
Portunity to see it again. Only next time 1'”
make sure i have butter seats. '

 

 

 

 

lMarch 31, 1‘98" ‘ -

ritain's Who have always been a big

number in Aspects. The \

September. 1978 review of the
newly released Who Are You predicted an
impending demise for the rock group reduc-
ed to living on past glories. The critique of
that album drew a barrage of letters from
angry fans. and it stands as the only time a
LEW

Ron Levy

ienlion from its readers. But the album had a
deceptively strong constitution: its songs

 

  
 

 

 

engendered today's sounds instead of
alienatirrg them. it was fast paced and
danceable without ever hinting of disco.
Sales were good to begin with. and Keith
Moon's untimely death spurred on an even
greater interest In the group.

One year later the ASP ran a four-page
pullout as a tribute to the Who's coup of
Madison Square Garden. terming them
“triumphant.” The Who hadn‘t died!

And a one. and a two . . . "I sometimes
feel that lshould just go home but i’m deal-
ing with a memory that never forgets." 50
opens this year's Who on an album titled

.

 

A ‘ Ar.‘

Face Dances. it makes you wonder how they
ﬁe: themselves now. Stylistlcally. the Who

ave done less than their best. The record
has few really new Innovations and more
hashings of old ideas. if their self-image is in
the role of hangers-on then it won't be long
until they are lust that.

Hangers-on.

The Who.

That line comes from "You Better You
Bet." which was released as a single weeks
before the album cleared U.S. customs as an
import. The song is lively. it has great lyrics.
and it's not too long 5- all the characteristics
that make you turn up the car radio when
this one comes on. _

But then the album stalls.

Maybe it sounds spoiled. but i think that
we're entitled to expect the best from Pete.
Roger. John. and. you know. that new guy
Jones who plays the drums. Kenney. Yet

    

i 
Face Dances misses its mark in a number of
areas. The themes are more self-centered
than on previous albums. and the ideas are
less original. They've traded in creativity for‘
introspection with lyrics that are hard to
identify with. There Used to be a sense of
urgency in Who material that wouldn't let

 

.— .. on!"

 

   

ed Of A Faceliﬂ ’

you sit down while it was on. in comparison.
Face Dances is almost lethargic. Thevsongs
frequently dwell on self-pity and self-pain.
Malfes you feel damned uncomfortable after
twa sides. '

lf blame can be piaCed. it rightly belongs to
Pete Townshend. who authored seven of
the nine tracks. His solo album Empty Glass
was. I felt. among the three best of 1980
(No. 1: The Pretenders' debut: No. 2:
Bruce's River). But back with The Who. his‘
talent isn't as obvious. Face Dances is too
predictable in its mood: you know what
they're going to say. and you don't really

  

want to hear it.

Most of it. anyway. There are two new
songs that deserve mention. The first is side
A's "Did You Steal My Money." it's more of
a repetitious chant than it is music. haunting
as hell. yet captivating. The second is also a
Townshend number. "Daily Records." His
age shows through. but he doesn't try to hide
it here. it has the same syncopated rhythm
as "Did You Steal My Money." a formula
that does work on this album.

John Entwistle wrote the other twu songs
on the album. the more interesting being
“The Quiet One." He is. and this is a musical

- v-w man. a u-A—a».-_-..u.;:«lens...”

 

 

r ,' 

autobiography of, sorts. it's an angry song.
yet it makes you think again about that per-
son you know who neVer says much.‘ "He
ain't quiet — everybody else Is just too
loud."

Face Dances is expensiVe. It lists for
$8.98. so don't expect to find it cheap. But it

Vcost us more than money. The D ltrey-

Townshend balance that pulled each other
along seems to be broken. No comparisons
could ever made between The Who and any
other group. They stood. and still stand.
alone. Yet for the first time there doesn't ap-
pear to be much advance. New Who isn't as
good as old Who: the music needs a change.
The loss would be too great a price to pay.

1981 and Aspects pans another Who

'album. After all. it's a tradition. But there‘s

more to it than that because of the impor-
tance of the group. We're dealing with
. /  ,

  

Chiefs. not lndians in the music world and
Chiefs need a sense of direction. As it
stands. I would not suggest The Who dis-
hand. but they will need an infuﬁon of new
ideas to escape from the Department of
Redundancy.

Department. 0

\

gathathovﬁomaiAﬂle .
iary of A Mad Streetlife

im Carroll is an artist whose Work is
truly a reflection of his experience.
His background is quite illustrious.
He had tried speed. acid and coke while still
in grade school. He first tried heroin at the
age of 13. Hm an exceptional

Rob Foichetti

basketball player. and a court companion of
Lew Alcindor. Jim's biggest asset. though. is
his ability to write. His writing is highly in-
fluenced by his drug experiences and has
been highly acclaimed by many. Jack
Kerouac. author of On the Road. wrote. “At
13 years of age. Jim Carroll writes better
prose than 89 percent of the novelists work-
ing today." His Basketball Diaries is an
autobiographical book based on the diary he
kept between the ages of 12 and 15.
Through times of withdrawal. desperation.
depression. anger. and disillusionment. Car-
roll's work has reflected an open view of
New York City life as it really is. in all it's
baseness and harsh reality.

“Teddy. sni/Ilng glue. he was 12 years
old/ He [ell/ram the mo] on East two nine/
Cathy was eleven when she pulled the
plug/on 26 reds and a bottle of wine . . .

This excerpt from "People Who Died"
reflects the frankness with which Carroll
discusses that life. His work is not a commer-
cialized preoccupation with death. though.
His third volume of poetry. Living at the

Movies. earned him a Pulitzer Prize nomina-
tion. Being 22 at the time. this made him the
youngest poet ever nominated for that
distinguished award.

However. his switch to music was a very
abrupt thing. in San Diego with his ex-girl.
Patti Smith. he had to substitute for the band
warming—up for her. Willi Patti's band
behind him. he did some of his poetry. and

  

Junkie at thirteen.
roll (c) with the boyl in the Band.

liked the effect. The rest is history; demo’s. a
recording contract. and concerts. This brings
us up to March 6. i981: the Jim Carroll
Band appeared at J.B. Scott's for one show
—— and a hot one i might add. As expected.
the show was sold-out. Packed is a more ac-
curate description. The crowd seemed to be
having a good time watching "Heroes of

Rock ‘n' Roll" on J.B.'s many television sets
and listening to the Drones (we'll get to them
later) warm tbe,show up. However. the
crowd went wild when Jim took the stage.
Although many people know his popular
songs (“it's Too Late" and "People Who
Died"). few knew what to expect from a live
Jim Carroll performance. i know i certainly
didn't. 1 Just wanted to see a good rock ‘n'
- , . , . .

   

t. f r .
Novelist at fifteen. Rock‘n'lloller today: Jim Car-

roll show. i did. Although it's hard to
describe Carroll's style. I'll try. He doesn‘t
sing. he talks along with the music in a very
unique way. His voice and the music blend
in away that they complement each other
and allow for their individual high points to
be recogniaed. Carroll seemed a little bit

uncertain about how to perform on stage. ,

 

Although some more experience should br-
ing an improvement in this aspect. we can't
all hop around like Mick Jagger or Pete
Townsltend.

The band line-up goes as follows: Brian
Linsley and Terrell Winn gave amazing
guitar performances; Steve Linsley lays
down a steady bass beat; Wayne Woods
handles the drumsticks very well; and of
course. Jim on vocals. The crowd kept very
good time to the songs he played from his.
album. Catholic Boy. “Day and Night."
"Wicked Gravity." “City Drops into the
Night." "Catholic Boy" and others kept the .
crowd going. Carroll made the crowd go
wild when be repeated and emphasized the
line “And they do give good head" from “it's
Too Late." Although “People Who Died"
was marred by Jim's interrupting the ln-
strumental breaks with two aborted verses. it
was an appropriate close to the show. .

The warm‘up band. the Drones. provided
an interesting semi-punk and semi-hard-
drlving show. They are a local band working
on their first album. The energy put out by
guitarist Ernie Burnell was unimaginable,
Singer Billy Harrigan led the band with anti-
establlshment vocals. taunting the audience
with references to the dubious integrity of
Jerry Falwell and the Moral Majority (hooray
Biiiyi). if you have a weak stomach, the
Drones are not for you. But if you like your
rock ‘n' roll hard and raunchy. check out the
Drones. They want to play for an Albany
State audience very badly. so how about it?o

 

 

 

 

