  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

:‘W‘M'Plv-Mm 

as.

"'32-.

 

       

 

am What. A,

._ ,5 w v . .
rathzbsba’uex. vs. WV, ,m.

 

'Wottld Capsules

 

 

’  Can tinues Attack

TEL AVIV (AP) The second consecutive day of Israeli
air attacks on Palestinian guerrilla bases in southern
Lebanon was expected today after the second successive
night of Palestinian rocket attacks on' northern israel.
Three more Israelis were reported wounded. raising the
total for the two nights to ten. andthe chief target both
nights was the frontier town of Kiryat Shmona. in the
northern Galilee panhandle. Lebanese and Palestinian
ofﬁcials reported four guerrillas and ten Lebanese
villagers killed and thirty people wounded in the first
day of aerial retaliation Thursday. Deputy,Defense
Minister Mordechai zippori cited President Reagan's
statement that terrorism should be dealt with “swiftly
and unequivocally." He said lsrael would continue to
ﬁght the guerrillas "with every means at our disposal."

15,000RiotinFranlcfort

FRANKFURT (AP) About 15.000 rioters attacked cof-
fee shops and cars owned by Americans‘ in a weekend
demonstration protesting US. military aid to the El
Salvador army‘s war against leftist guerrillas. Rioters
smeared red paint on coffee shops and left signs saying
“bloody coffee from El Salvador." Some signs urged a
boycott of coffee from the strife-torn Central American
nation where the leftists are fighting to overthrow the
centrist government and the army and right-wing death
squads are fighting the leftists. Police said about 200
shops were attacked and estimated the damage at more
than 5500.000. The dcmonstration was sponsored by the
El Salvador information Bureau. an organization of
Salvadorean exiles and West Germans sympathetic to
the leftists in El Salvador.

POWTrialNears End

 

 

 

 

CAMP LEJUNE (AP) The only court-martial of a
Vietnam-era prisoner of war was nearing an and today
as both sides began final arguments to a military jury
hearing the case of Marine Pic. Robert Garwood. The
government contends Garwood collaborated with his
Vietnamese captors and physically abused a fellow
prisoner of war during the 14 years he spent in Vicl~
namcse prison camps. Defense lawyers have conceded
that Garwood lived with his guards and sometimes car-
ried a weapon. But they argue that torttrre and brain-
washing drovc him insane and led him to cooperate with
his Viet Cong captors. Their defense. “coercive persua-
sion." has never been used successfully before. The ac-
tions conceded by the defense violate military law. and
Garwood could be imprisoned for life if found guilty.

USSR Accuses U.S. Gov ’t

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet leaders today accused the
Reagan administration of “deliberate political subver-
sion" in charging that the Kremlin was responsible for
acts of international terrorism. The high-level attack
followed accusations Sunday by the Communist Party
newspaper that the new US. administration was
“playing a dangerous game" in making such allega-
tions. That commentary and two previous days‘
criticism in the official press. appeared to signal a
substantially harsher stance toward the Reagan ad-
ministration. Today. a special statement from the of-
ﬁcial news agency Tass—equivalent to an official
government announcement—said “any allegations
about the Soviet Union's involvement in terroristic ac-
tivities represent a gross and malicious deception. They
cannot but cause feelings of indignation and legitimate
protest in the Soviet people." The harsh. 900—word
statement was the most formal Soviet denial yet of
charges made last Wednesday by US. Secretary of State
Alexander.M. Haig Jr. linking the Soviet Union with
terrorists.

Viet VetShoots Himself

HAMMOND (AP) An unemployed Vietnam veteran
killed in a police shootout at his apartment was bitter
and despondent because the freed American hostages
were given a warmer welcome than soldiers returning
from Vietnam, the dead'man‘s wife says. Gary Cooper.
34. was killed by gunfire Friday night during a siege at
his apartment building in this northern lndiana
steelmaking center. He opened fire with a shotgun when
officers arrived to investigate reports of a domestic
dispute. police said. .Cooper spent three years in Viet-
nam with the Third ‘Marine Division and received two
Purple Heart medals for being wounded in action. His
wife, Barbara, said that Cooper recently had been reliv-

 

 

 

.. jHL‘l‘. iv-

ing his wartime experiences and was upset about the
hostages. “He was bitter because these people were
made national heroes and they might be given 100
dollars a day for every day they were in Iran." she said
on Saturday.‘ “He called them plain kidnap victims. He
wanted to know what was being done for the Vietnam
veterans." Police. who were continuing the investiga-
tion on Sunday. said they were called to the scene by
neighbors who complained of a domestic disturbance in
the home. '

 

Reagan Meets Pres. Chun

WASHINGTON (AP) President Reagan met today with
South Korean President Chun Doo-hwan amid expecta-
tions the United States will pledge to maintain troop
levels in that country. Chun. arriving at the White
House shortly before 11 am. EST in a driving
rainstorm. was greeted by the President and by Vice
President George Bush. who escorted Chun inside for
his hour-long meeting with the President. Chun's visit is
intended to symbolize a return to normalcy in Korean-
American relations after four years of friction over
‘human rights and other issues during Jimmy Carter’s
tenure as president. Carter began a phased withdrawal
of U.S. ground troops in 1977. but the process was
suspended in 1979 after North Korea's military capabili-
ty was found to be greater than had been believed. The
suspension was subject to review this year. but officials,
asking not to be identified, said Chun was expected to
receive assurances there will be no fttrthcr troop reduc-
tions. There now are about 40.000 US. troops in South
Korea.

 

 

Falwell Sues “Penthouse ”

LYNCHBURG (AP) A federal judge today refused a re-
quest by television evangelist Rev. Jerty Falwell for a
preliminary injunction banning distribution of the
March issue of Penthouse magazine. Falwell had asked
that the adult magazine. which contains an interview
with him. be ordered pulled from newsstands on
grounds he had asked the free-lance authors ofthe inter-
view not to sell their story to Penthouse or Playboy
magazines. The minister. who criticized Jimmy Carter in
the interview for having once granted Playboy an inter-

‘view, has sued Penthouse for 10 million dollars. He
argued that the magazine should not be distributed until
disposition of the suit. But US. District Court Judge
James C. Turk. who granted Falwell a temporary
restraining order last Friday. declined today to extend it
after a 90-minute hearing.

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Prof. Hirschi to Lecture

Criminal Justice Professor Travis Hirschi will defend
the social science assumption that people are naturally
law-abiding in a lecture tomorrow.

The lecture. entitled "The image of the Criminal in
Contemporary Social Science" is scheduled to begin at 4
p.m. in LC 19.

An Editorial

The Associated Press reported yesterday that
“Punxsutawnncy Phil. the famous weather forecasting
groundhog. today poked his head out of a burrow atop
Gobbler's Knob. saw his own shadow and predicted six
more weeks of winter. according to his interpreter."
Adorable.

Yet hidden behind a seemingly “light” news story is a
tale of such sordidncss and seamy sex that one is nearly
appalled at its dimensions. Loathe are we to take an
editorial stand, yet we‘d be compromising ourselves if
we remain mute when a government official. entrusted
with the prediction of the weather and the upholding of
a centuries old Pennsylvania Dutch and Roman Catholic
tradition, stoops to the level of Mr. Phil.

What the public is unaware of are the events that soon
followed Phil's demonstration in the Pennsylvania town
that bears his name. For decency's sake. we refuse to
publish the details. but one can rest assured that there is
one Girl's Scout troop in northern i‘a. who'll not so
easily be able to "forget" the facts.

Nor are we Victorian in our outlook — in fact, we are

 

 

on this cloudy day in February when a nation saw
another of its‘ proud traditions bite the dust.

as liberal as the next guy. But the next guy wasn't there-

 

 

2HOMLmked to CIA

NEW YORK (AP) Militants who seized the U.S. Em-
bassy in Tehran found “a treasure trove" of classiﬁed
materials including a document indicating two of their
hostages were CIA ofﬁcers and a third was possibly con-
nected with the agency. Time magazine reported Sun-
day. The magazine. in a report on protection of in.
telligence materials at US. embassies. said militants
found a document indicating that William Daugherty
and Malcolm Kalp were CIA officers. The document
had a marginal note—“Show to Tom A."—which sug-
gested to the militants that embassy official Thomas
Ahern was connected to the CIA. Time reported. The
three suffered harsher treatment than other captives,
Time said. Kalp reportedly was beaten twice and kept in
solitary confinement for 374 days.

 

Reagan Owes On Campaign

(AP) WASHINGTON President Reagan's Republican
nomination campaign exceeded federal spending limits
and must repay the federal government 3215.125 to
make up for it. the Federal Election Commission said on
Monday. The commission. in its final audit of Reagan's
primary campaign. also said he ended his successful
nomination race with more than $3 million left over and
must return unused federal funds in the surplus. The
committee already has repaid $754,004 of the surplus,
and the FEC says it still owes 5198.835. Reagan received
$7.3 million from the federal governcment in payments
matching contributions raised from private donors.
When a candidate finishes his campaign with a surplus.
he must repay the portion of that surplus which came
from the government. This is in addition to any fines or
penalties. The audit says Reagan spent more than the
legal limit in the New Hampshire primary by $137,737
and must repay this amount to the treasury. Federal law
sets the amount a candidate may spend campaigning in
each state and an overall national spending ceiling.
Deputy White House press secretary Larry Speakes said
that Reagan’s counsel. Fred Fielding. had been in touch
about the matter with Loren Smith. chief counsel of the
Reagan-Bush campaign committee. “There appears to
be some honest disagreement between the committee
and the auditors,“ Speakcs said. “We have every con-
fidence the committee was in compliance with the law."
One White House ofﬁcial who asked not to be identiﬁed
by name said that the New Hampshire spending involv-
ed money that paid for television advertising in Boston.
The FEC said Reagan exceeded the $14.72 million
overall ceiling for presidential nomination campaigns by
$77.387 and also must repay that amount.

Winter Games Set

Qualifying procedures and schedules for the 1981 Ern-
pire State Games have been set. Skiing, bobslcd. cross-
country skiing. luge. ski jumping and speed skating are
the events that have been finalized.

The games will begin with a ceremony on the evening
of Friday. March 13 and end on March 15.

Athletes must be New York State residents or corn
pcte for a New York State club.

Applications are available at lOcal clubs or by writing:
Empire State Games. Albany. N.Y. 12238.

Women ’s Colloquia Meet

A series of colloquia on “Research on Women" will
be held every other Wednesday from 12: 15 to 1:30 in the
Humanities Lounge (HU 354). The meetings. which are
open to the public. are sponsored by the Women‘s
Studies Program and the University Seminar Program.
The colloquia will begin on February 4. and feature
reports of research by faculty and students from
SUNYA and surrounding colleges and universitites. The
schedule for the Spring semester is:

Feb. 4. “Women and Health Care". presented by Pat
Hanson. Women's Studies Program. SUNYA;

Feb. 18. “A Decade of Albany Feminism: The Local
Women’s Movement. 1969-1979". by Margaret Boys.
Adjunct Faculty. College of St. Rose; _

March 4. “Women and Volunteerism”. by Margaret
Clements. SUNYA Graduate:

March 18. “American Women Playwrights“. by
Judith Barlow. English Dept.. SUNYA;

April 1. “Re-entering Women Students: Self-concepts
and Stereotypes". Millie Grossbcrg. Women's Studies
Program. SUNYA:

April 15. “White Women on the Southern Planta-
tion." Catherine Clinton. History Dept.. Union Col-
lege: '

April 29. "Separate or Equal: integrating Women in-
to the Core Curriculum.” by Ruth Scltmidl. Provost.
Wheaton College.

 

 

 

The University community is invited to attend and br-
ing a brown bag lunch. a - 1

February 3. 1981

Students Air Thoughts on Alternativ

by Judie Elsenberg

Freshman Gary Schoor didn't
know he had been assigned to live in
a quiet hall until he moved into his
ﬁrst floor Brubacher room. But the

'quiet .nevcr bothered him. he said.

because the section isn’t quiet.
“We pretty much adhere to
schoolwide regulations of being
quiet from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m..”
Schoor explained. “But 1 don't
think we have any regulations on
the weekends —— or at least y0u

     
  

Brubacher Hall on SUNYA's downtown campus

I: this quiet hull really quiet?

 

 

wouldn’t think so from walking
down the hall."

Schoor added that almost all of
the people in his section did not re-
quest placement in Brubacher Hall.

A Housing Office release
distributed to incoming students
describes the quiet halls in Alumni
Quad’s Brubacher Hall as a pro-
gram “established by and for
students wishing an academically
oriented living environment stress-
ing cooperation. consideration.

 
   

photo: UI’S

Albany Student Press

group governance. participation.
and interaction."

Alumni Quad Coordinator Liz
Radko said “over the years.
Brubacher has been sometimes
good. sometimes not. There seems
to be no active interest in a gover<
nance council. People seem to want
a little quiet with no constraints."

A graduate student Residence
Assistant (RA). who asked that his
name be withheld. said be ex-
perienced few noise problems on
the third ﬂoor of Brubacher.

“We're all graduate students on
this ﬂoor and the one below. it’s
quiet compared to undergraduate
housing.” he explained. “We all
chose to be here. We're our noisieSI
neighbors;

“But,” he continued. "we‘re
cooperative up here. We're suppos»
ed to be quiet ifsomeonc asks. And
courtesy hours from 11 p.m. to 8
am. on weeknights are strictly en-
forced."

Director of Residences Paul
Doyle recalled that when quiet
balls were located in the top of
Dutch Quad's Stuyvesant Tower
two years ago. "it was a fine place
to live. the people were cooperative.
The term ‘quict‘ is a misnomer. the
people were more considerate titan
quiet."

Radko feels that Suyles Hall's in-
ternational House. also located on
Alumni Quad. has been more suc-

cessful than the quiet balls as an
alternative form 01' housing.

international House. Radko ex-
plained, “was designed seven or

Academic Requirements Debated

 

Report to be Finished Soon

by Mark Flschettl

The recently appointed Commit-
tee on Distribution Requirements is
finishing a report on the institution
of required courses as part of
SUNYA's general academic pro-

Enifﬂing

by Dr. Janet Hood

it causes more absenteeism from
jobs and school. costs more dollars
to business and industry and results
in more hours of malaise than any
other illness. Yet. comparatively lit-
tle money or effort has gone into
research on this perennial nuisance.
_________._.——-—-

; HEAlTll Column

#
Despite it's imposing name.
"coryza." better known as the
common cold, still fails to com-
mand the dedication of the Bob
Hopes and Jerry Lewises that rarer
illnesses do. .

Despite the fact that Louis
Pasteur’s chickens. when forced to
stand in icy cold water. were
rendered more susceptible to virus
infections. our common colds are
not really caused by sitting in a
draft. getting our feet wet. or fail-
ing to wear a scarf as Grandma
might believe. On the other hand.
when onc‘s resistance is lowered by
any factor or combination of fac-
tors. the ubiquitous viruses that
cause coryza are ready to invade.

 

gram.

Acording to Dean of Science and
Mathematics and Committee Chair
Daniel Wulff. the students would
be required to take a speciﬁed
amount of credits from each college

Through

In the crowded setting of the
classroom. with stale air being recir-
culated through overheated areas,
the environment is loaded with
respiratory viruses. Mucous mem-
branes lining the nose are parched
(often to the point of bleeding dur-
ing the winter months), someone
nearby sneezes and you. who have
been up for three nights writing a
paper and/or engaging in other
possibly less academic activities.
and who have slept through
breakfast. thus missing even your
minimal daily intake of Vitamin C.
suddenly start sneezing and dripp-
ing. You go through a small
package of Kleenex in a couple of
hours. discarding them along your
trail -— in the waste basket, in the
cigarette urns. into your coat
pocket. on the cafeteria dining
table. Then your throat gets scrat-
chy and sore with the sandpapcrcd
effect. You try to study. but just
can't concentrate. it is now Friday

and you have a big date coming up
for the weekend. so you hightail it
over to the Student Health Service.
(After all. what are they there for
anyhow?) Walk in. fill out a Slip:

“Want a shot of penicillin for my

eight years ago as a residence hall
for students interested in interacting
with international students. it aims
to foster cultural understanding and
awareness."

Sophomore John Cooper said
Sayles is “better than any place We
been to. Everyone's so different
that you know you'll be accepted. if
you couldn't get along with dif-
ferent types of people. you couldn't
cope here."

Cooper prefers Sayles to his
dorm last year on Colonial Quad
because. “there were a lot of New
Yorkers uptown. Everyone was
pretty much the same. Down here
everyone is different and the at-
mosphere is more relaxed.”

Junior Paul Ho was born in
Hong Kong and has lived in Sayles
for most of the three-and-one—half
years he has been in the United
States.

"Living in Saylcs helped me
speak English better. especially the
ﬁrst year i lived here." Ho said.
“Also. you learn more about other
countries."

by Debbie Judge

the week, according to Director of

still remains in temporary quarters.

etripling in Dorms
is Nearly Completed

All students who were placed in temporary housing at the beginning of
the semester should be assigned to permanent quarters by the end of

Only one of the 24 students placed at the beginning of the semester

At the beginning of the semester. eleven students were placed in in-
creased housiug on the uptown quads.

According to Quad Coordinator Liz Radko. the majority of mm-
porarily housed Alutnni boarders. who had been living in hall lounges.
have been assigned permanent housing.

 

e Housing

Ho spoke of the advantages of
living in international House. "You
don't have to live in Sayles to meet
Americans. but you have to live
here to meet foreign students." he
said.

Ho noted. however. that he has
been disturbed by people grouping
together and avoiding others in the
hall.

“Whenever you have more than
,en people of one nationality in one
dorm. they tend to stick together
and not deal with anyone else. Two
vears ago it was Taiwan students.
last year. German. and this year.
Greek.” he said.

According to Radko. interna-
tional House was originally suppOs-
ed to have a population evenly
divided between foreign and
American students. However. she
pointed out. there are a larger
number of Americans in the hall
this year.

Despite the greater number of
American residents. she said.
“Sayles definitely works as an alter-
native dorm."

 
  
   
   
  

Housing Paul Doyle.

Doyle said there is not usually a problem with overcrowding during
the spring semester. However. he said there were 214 students in in-
ercased housing and 135 more temporarily housed in lounges or R.A.

  

 

within the university as a prere-
quisitc for graduation.

The Committee has not yet dccid~
ed what the subject matter of re-
quired courses offered will incltrdc.

The Committee. which was ap-
pointed last fall. is composed of
representatives from each of the

. l
Classes on a Snowy Morning

cold.” meanwhile sneezing and
waving more wet Kleenex all over
the crowded waiting room, thus in-
suring a nevervending continuum of
patients to bolster the already
burgeoning Health Service

    

photox UPS
statistics.

At least 55 different Rhinoviruses
may cause the common cold. which
occurs more frequently in winter
and early spring. If it is any con-
solation, a cold caused by one virus

\suitcs last September.

Arts and Science colleges. one
representative from each of the
other schools. and two students.

Wulff said the Committee is
largely in favor of distribution re-
quirements and hopes to have a
comprehensive report completed by
March 1.

confers lasting antibody (immunity)
to that particular strain for two to
four years. Since the average adult
carries antibodies to about four dif-
ferent cold viruses. that means there
are probably only 51 other types
one can contract.

Now that the big tobacco firms
can do no TV advertising. note the
increased number of commercials
for dog food. wines. and cold
preparations. The fact is. nothing
cures the common cold; it is self-
limitcd and runs its course in spite
of anything one can do. Antibiotics
are taboo. as viruses do not respond
except. possibly unfavorably.
Though one may feel feverish. there
is usually no marked elevation of
temperature with the common un-
complicated cold. if the nose runs
like a water faucet. the drying
agents (Contac and Coricidin and
other antihistamines) can be helpful
to get one through a social commit-
ment or event that can't be missed.
Continued use once the nasal secre-
tions thicken, however. may cause
so much drying that drainage slows
down and sinus trouble may ensue.
They should be used only during the
acute watery stage, if at. all. The

a 7

The proposal will be presented
before SUNYA President Vincent
O‘Leary and the University Senate
for approval next year. Wuiff pro-
jected that if the distribution re-
quirements were approved. they
would not be implemented before
the 1932 fall semester.

myth that alcohol cures a cold is un-
doubtedly derived from the slightly
increased tolerance to malaise pro—
duced by a stiff drink. Self-isolation
during the acute drippy phase. with
careful stowing of your wet tissues
and frequent washing of your
hands. are the kindest things you
can do for others. Rest and fluids is
really all you can or should do for
yourself.

Do not load up on Vitamin C.
Contrary to the teaching of Linus
Pauling. no definite evidence sup-
ports mega doses of Vitamin C as a
therapeutic or preventive measure.
it is definitely true that everyone
needs Vitamin C daily. it is best ob-

tained from fresh citrus fruits or .

juices. Juices that are squeezed and
stored exposed to oxygen rapidly
lose their Vitamin C. We could (and
will) do a segment on Vitamins in
general. but for now sufﬁce it to say
that any Vitamin C you ingest over
and above the amount your body
can utilize promptly reaches the
local sewer system. possibly
building up oxalate crystals in your
kidneys on the way. it is a case

  

 

where more is not better!

 

 

 

